Continued on Tug* Thre*.
spaced viceregal courts, should be cen
tralized. •
¦ These reforms were being planned and
rapidly put In force when the daring and
progressive Emperor was placed. In dur
ance by the Dowager's coup.
. What they were in" general has been
made known by Kang Yu "Wai, who was
then the Emperor's personal adviser and
confidant, and who has since done more
than any other one man for the rescue of
his imperial patron. ,
As to the details and methods, the fins
arts of law and statecraft by which such
tremendous reforms were to be accom
plished without derangement' of the old
settled ways. I am indebted to his,excel
lency. Count Okuma; .who was at, that
time Premier of Japan and was In | con
stant correspondence' with- the Emperor
Kwang Bu.. \ .'.
In a personal . conversation with that
great statesman ; he Informed m e o f t h a
full details of the plans, which > he had
suggested for i the reform of China, based
upon Japan's experience. , though, by ' rea
son of the benefit of it, an improvement on
the system. which In twenty years changed
that unknown, hermit empire of : the eeaA
girt Isles Into a wvrld powwr of the first
mdfnitude.
This may seem strange, for the Em
peror of a country to .be In council wl th
the of , another country with
which he had so lately been at war, but it
must be remembered that the war be
tween China and Japan was never a quar
rel that sprang from the heart of the Chi
nese people. Most of them had no feeling
in the matter; many of them never heard
of it. L , •
\ Russian diplomacy was at tha bottom of
the entire trouble, as It has been of all of
China's' Borrows. ;, . c ;
| kwang Su, the imprisoned Emperor, is
a rijan'.who will be to ! China what '.Alfred
was', to England' or 'Peter' the "Great to
Russia; "• He is at' the present time China's
only hope" to preserve her from'dismem
berment and an age-long enslavement— of
a race cut to pices and- parceled among
greedy powers, to be taxed * and ' drained
for their ¦ financial gain.
1 During all of - the time that the young
Emperor, was i working : out his plans ; for
the advancement of China he and his ad
viser, Kj«.nff Xu Wai, were in constant
communication with i Premfer Okuma.
There could r have been no better counsel
or -outside -'of — the : empire onwhom he
could have placed; dependence, as' the
eimllarlty of • the cases : to' b« treated was
complete.*; ' * > .:'>--'¦•:.' .' - : .'
- It is safe ; to : say,\ therefore, 'that | China •
would in the' same or, less length"; of j time'
than Japan have .been placed' bri; a. footing'
where she-would be of use to i herself" and
air the world,- instead of a huge lethargio
menace.' ';' '-/. ''. '": : ' / ." ""', , ."', -'- ... : ;.
'• In a personal Interview ex-PremlerlOkn
ma gave r me j following, summing: >up .
of • the plans ' which *» the • . Emperor >. had •
adopted: ; J /_;¦.•'-.-. v' ' !'" "•';¦ .. : V. : .
•'First," to' abolish the present barbarous
penal code; which has crept Into existence',
as a 1 Tartar • method - of ' maintaining • Its •
power 'over an unwillingly 'governed race. \
"Second, - to * establish ; • free ;, ' schools .' of
"Western . learning, '. that " the • people • may
emerge from the darkness In . which . they ¦
have ' been . kept ' so that their oppression
might be: more easily, continued. ,
' "Third, l . to V i grant ~ absolute' freedom . to ';
the , press,"; bo : that the „ present^ system ; of ¦
village councils of the people may become.
hisi • i^jliwiswrnnriTrrTii irm — ' i m unnrmrf . <ftn~iirrniii mi
national through the newspapers, , which
are. the people's. forum,:^ i . , k .. % i, 4 , .
¦ "Fourth", to 'gradually change the pres
ent 1 - form < of. ' examinations - for official
preferment from: the purely : literary , apd
classic,' 4 so' as* to' Include "the useful; arts
and* sciences as^ taught' in the- Western
Bchoola. ::.^-^-. ' i, : v ; : . ¦':'._
': "Fifth, i to .extend, the railway systems
under Government control, that they may
become the^ people's -highways, -and give
them the best form* of transportation that
the'world has roen. : - ' . ' \]
<¦ ."Sixth," tbchange'the present method of
collecting -the liklh; so , that the. customs
duties shall ,rbe'. uniform throughout the
empire/, and^that^thelproceeds^thereof be
turned directly. Into. the national treasury.
Instead of the present system of tax farm
ing/ \ : r v- ! .'- r - i:::^- l i--'-'- 5 " 1 .-.' : •. ~\ ' '¦¦ '
"Seventh, tto : reorganize and nationalize
the* Imperial . army., and - place it on a mod
ern ¦ footing; . and .. with Western ' methods
of drill and tactics." . ' " ¦ : _" _ ', '. - '
t. The abolition .of ; the present form , of
llkih ; and ¦ the - substitution of a national
system- of revenues ¦ would release the. peo
ple from, a vast load In th» shap* of
fii—imnwinmnii i • iy 'i;.iirfirin;Tif y V»t i^Vi"y<rTfl^*mi>i»iiB\'—
j-JLiHE first; foreigner to [offer" his
/^p services to assist' the Emperor" of
]f. China' in- regaining, his throne,
which has been: usurped by. the Em
press Dowager, was -Homer Lea.
His college ..education, military
tastes; and" training made him espe
cially valuable for our purpose, u
$ Before his ' departure from San
"Francisco for China last year the ob
ject of ..bis .mission was .discovered
Mind agents of the Dowager used their
-best efforts to defeat his intentions.
•Failings in this,' they denounced him
"to i the Chinese Consulate, and under
an apprehension that he was intend
ing to start a revolution much excite
• ment was ¦ created.: ¦-'- .
The facts were that he was but go
ing to assist the Emperor's party, and
to assist the Emperor, in whose name
the country is ruled, can be no of
fense. ;"-
He carried letterg to all of the
' great friends of reform in Chin a,, and
- since arriving' there has traveled from
Singapore to Hongkong, Macao, Can
tcm, Shanghai, Yokohama and all
: southern' pro vinoea*. .
."'¦" ¦¦' .'. "¦!'¦'¦ . ' ¦ '"V
He was well received there and In
order to facilitate his work in reor
ganizing 1 the iinpsrial army was
given* a rank which, corresponds to
that of lieutenant general, together .
with practically the entire command
of all military operations in Kwang- !
tung, Xwangsi, Yunnan, Kwsichow.
General Lsa has now nearly thirty
thousand men ready for mobilization
in the province of Kwangtung, and
there are altogether in the different
'provinces nearly four hundred thou
sand ready to take up arms for tlie
rescue of their Emperor.
During the year of General Lea'i
absence I have. been in constant re
ceipt of advices as to his success from
the^ officers 'of the . Imperial Reform
party, among them the president,
Yung" Wing, of Macao, and many
others whom the brave young Cali
fornian met. During the greater part
cf the time he traveled with a guard
of only half a dozen soldiers, as many
sedan-chair bearers, and two aids-de
camp, who were graduates of both .
. Chinese and foreign colleges cad r
vrtcd. as his interpreters* J
fin Jong Cheng; flanaging Director of the Chinese
• -^Empire,; Reform*:' AssocJation, 'Explains Mow
',.,. t -;Homer-;Lea Came' to' Offer His Services
.... .-to the Chinese Emperor.
The most crying necessity, of all is .the
abolition of .the barbarous.:. punishments
prescribed by the | Code and the
practice, of -the. criminal -courts, «' While,
these are in force It is useless to ask that
humane nations' should ever submit j their
people. to Chinese jurisdiction;. The result
has been the establishment of. the mixed
tlthers and tax luuicrv, who are forever*
on their backs, and would disturb no one
but -these hard-hearted-" persons • them- 1
selves,' and they deserve no sympathy; '¦
'¦'. It Is difficult to define an entire national
policy in so few.words";as Count Okuma.
used. ".? Still ¦ more difficult is it to convey
the fine shades of meaning, as he clothed
them in well chosen" words,' but I have
given as much of his statement as I' can
¦remember,- for .the. reason that -I "think -he
' knew,- more -of the real intention of,- the
Emperor than any , other, person j except
Kang.,Yu Wai, and he. had besides the ad
ditional .advantage'- of ... having .helped' to
carry- out similar- reforms -for: a. similar
people!' ¦- " ! <• > * :»' ¦•' .'"' '_•'¦ ¦
Why, then, is the Emperor confined,
China's commercial condition in chaos, her
army routed, and her social economy at a
• tar.de till as regards advancement?
Becuiise It Is the will or Russia, and,
txntil China becomes possessed of an army
ef her own. on modern footing, the will of
Ru&Ela will be the supreme law of the
Wua as far as her sphere of influence ex
«erds.
The extension of a sphere of Influence Is
like the advance cf a mist It is Indefinite
hazy and uncertain, but It envelops and'
conceals everything within It, and Russia
Is extending this hazy form of boundary
line as fast as she can get railroad- ma
terial on the ground with which to do it.
The Emperor realize* that no power can
fight China's battles for her; that she
deeds no assistance, for she- has the men
*ad the money.
Tl> use these two things It Is but neces
sary that the governmental power, here
toforewscattered through bureaus and far-
The people of China proper, the true
Chinese. Including all south of the Yang-
Ue. and many of the people living north
jot that line, are unanimous In demanding'
"the aame things.
THE Emperor of China Is held a pris
oner by the self-constituted Empress
Dowascr.
The reason that she confines him
is that he desires to put in force
those very reforms of which the nations of
Europe and the United States are In favor.
TTOMER LEA, a Stanford
JlJL student with military incli
nations and a descendant of
a collateral branch of the Lee fam
ily which gave the South its great
general, left here shortly after the
Emperor of China zvas imprisoned
by the usurping Dowager. Lea
went to China and offered his ser
vices to raise an army and restore
the Emperor.
His offer zvas accepted. He zvas
made a lieutenant genera!, placed in
charge of affairs in the southern
provinces, which include Kwang
tung, and has now thirty thousand
armed men in thct province alone.
He passed through here on a Hying
visit to Washington and London,
whence he zvill return to China.
Lea has seen a chance to do 'in
China what Gordon attempted to
do. If he succeeds it will be history.
If he fails .
If. on the contrary, the Chinese courts
were to adopt . tha Western cod* of pro
cedure and the punishments of criminals
reduced to those which modern humanity
tolerates, there would no longer be a ne
cessity, for.' such, courts of exterritorial
jurisdiction and one more bone of conten
tion would be removed.-
• It. would take, but little to reform the
code of . criminal trials and . punishments.
As far as I can see the people are with
out exception - strongly against them and
are revolted by the . cruelties practiced.
Humanity and kindness are Chinese vir
tues not only in theory, but everywhere
exhibited In dally life- Tha Emperor
Kwang Su Is as gentle and peaceable In his
instincts as hi3 .Tartar forefathers were
fierce and cruel, i Again such was the iso
lation of the Emperor from' his people un
der the old regime that It Is possible that
he never even heard of the tortures in-
courts. !n which one Chines* and «• for
eign Judgre sit In bank in Judgment «rf all
cases where & foreigner's rights *r ITb—
erties are- concerned. This Is In itself a
pain to the people, but what Is far worse
and more subversive of all Integrity of the
Government Is the. exterritoriai Jurlsdio
tloh of the court, -which Is. a constant
cause of friction between the people and
the Judiciary. A Chinese, apprehended
by the native- authorities for crime, has
but to claim that h« Is a Bervant of a for
eigner and engaged in his service at the
time, whereupon the Assessor's Court
claims his case, and as all courts are fond
of ' extending j and enlarging their Juris
diction, .there- Is never a final settlement
or, adjudication-, to. say how far Its
powers go.
HOW
I WAS
MADE A
GENERAL
IN THE
CHINESE
ARMYPlace a table on which ere
equal quantities of red and
¦white roses at one end of ball
room. Eight couples dance. At
signal from leader all go to
table, each lady taking a red
rose and each gentleman a
white rose. Ladies " gather
in center of room, join right
hands held high together
forming a bouquet of red
roses. Men march in circle
twice around ladies, meet part
ners, turn the ladies to the
outside. Gentlemen join hands,
forming bouquet of white
roses; ladies' inarch twice
around in circle outside group,
meet partners, bow and all
dance.
Place a basket on th.e floor at
the upper end of the ballroom.
Four couples dance. At signal
.each lady invites a gentleman/
each „ gentleman invites , an- .
other lady. Form two lines at
¦ opposite end of ballroom, eight
; gentlemen in one line, in front,
and seven ladies in a Una a
few f net back. Each gentleman
is provided with, a ball.
. Ladies clap hands for signal,*
*'and gentlemen race. to basket,
-toss in ball and race back, each .
; quickly taking hold of a lady.
One gentleman will be .with.- *
i out a partoex. A fool's cap ia
: placed oirhis head by the lead
'- er, and he stands in tho center
.of floor wbilo all : . watta
• around "h^Tn,
FAVOR FIGURE— TWO-STEP.
WAR OF THE ROSES—WALTZ.
BASKETBALL— WALTZ.
WINDMILL— TWO-STEP.
The personality, tact and 'good hearted
ness of the leader count for a good deal,
and he can control the fate of a girl at a
dance, to a, very large .extent, but .even
he cannot save the wallflower from her
fate if the hostess has determined before
hand that she shall tie relegated to the
rear. As Mr. Alexander Hadden;- a very
popular cotillon leader,' says:?: "You can
not always induce a man to dance with
Miss Wallflower because she doesn't know
spy one/ He will simply say,'. Td . like ' to
you,- my dear fellow,' but I am ¦ In-
Cotillon favors that are sometimes of
great Intrinsic value create much rivalry,
which is bitter if eilent, and pain and hu
miliation are caused that do not pass with
the. evening's dance. .
The pretty girl, the clever girl, ! has little
Ehow with the rich girl who entertains, or
the. young woman who ia a particular pet
of the hostess, and social ..and monetary
power Is the open sesame to belleshlp. -
No national convention contains more
politics and wirepulling than is indulged
In during a fashionable - cotillon. It is
always a little drama of human nature,
with selfishness, ambition.. diplomacy, in
trigue and jealousies, with high hopes and
corresponding heartaches. The day when
personal attraction made the' belle o{ the
ball Is gone," and. the polite little game of
beggar my social' neighbor Is so complex
in its workings that Ujere is small chance
for any but those who are in position to
bestow social favors. • . -\ "
Politics and Jealousies.
Fancy a writer of early date describ
ing the cotillon In a series of "articles
edited by the Duke of Beaufort. K. G., as
"properly speaking, more a game than a
dance, more suitable for children than for
grown men and women. It certainly is
not a British pastime. : There is something
absurd in the thought of an Englishman
clad in his full armor of -evening dress
and starched linen, going j down . on hla
knees before a lady and gravely wiping
out his own image from a looking glass."
"The cotillon is a French dance," Is the
writer's crisp parting mot.
A quarter of a century past a young
man engaged the company of a young wa •
man a fortnight ahead and presented her
with a nosegay on the night of tho cotil
lon, which consisted of Intricate flgures
and trifling favors. Nowadays th"e cotil
lon in New York has all the magnificence
of a court ball, with dazzling display In
decorations, supper, favor3 and m all the
appointments. • •' .
Sixty years ago the cotillon was intro
duced Into New York, but it really meant
all the sauare dances. Then the "iJanci
ers" came in, and in order to distinguish
the cotillon it was called the german, un
til a very short time ago, when, the
square dances having become unfashion
able, the old French name cam© back.
In Grandmother's Time.
"The epitome of private dancing" an
old dancing master calb it; the Ideal way
to sociability, the very last sort of gay
ety a bachelor gives up, the first to which
a debutante looks eagerlv forward. It is
the most diverting, most exhilarating and
most popular form of entertainment in
metropolitan society, and the whole coun
try follows.
There is the additional, advantage in
dancing the cotillon of giving to a larger
number a chance to dance^ln comfort.
The usual dinner dance or ball ends with
the cotillon— the older euests first, tho
young married set and the dtfbutanled
taking possession cf the floor after mid
night. The day is long past when social
debts are liquidated bv an invitation to a
Jam and crush and a cud of tea, or to an
evening party. With another crush ¦ that
makes dancing impossible and the young
man or woman who stands on the credit
side of the account is lucky to be asked
to one of the . cotiiloas given by a
hostess of the smart set. Nothing Is
spared to make It- as splendid as labor
and money and Yankee ingenuity c*n
achieve.
Ion such a good opportunity to show beau
tiful Interiors to their rriends that they
prefer, of course, their cwn houaes whe:i
It is possible.
FASHION "s content with the cotf'
lon, and its reij:n this season is
supreme. Smart and brilliant be
yond description, the cotillon In,
New Tork is the happiest form of
entertainment that society has undertak
en, and is always welcomed by men and
women who are bor^d with the usual
monoionous round of jneater formality.
Every now and then tome one tries to
eclipse the cotillon, offering a passing fad
or something more up to date In a fro'le
for the ultra fashionable, but New York
Is conventional in habit and nothing ever
really eoes as a substitute. Nothing elsa
offers such simple ani attractive oppor
tunities for the payment of social debts,
and furnishes at the fame time so much
diversion for every one. excepting only
the poor leader, who must be satisfied
with glory as his compensation.
There have been, changes and adapta
tions with the times, always reducing the
element of personal effort and Increasing
the expense, and nothing is In the lorg
run so popular as the cotillon, which is
given season after season with the samo
popular leaders, as long as they will serve,
and always with trappings of increasing
magnificence.
A dinner can be successfully given to
but a small number, a ball , Is too slow,
and only the very large houses have ball
rooms that will accommodate at one time
all the people a woman of the fashionable
eet must ask. There la always Sherry's,
or tlie Waldorf, or Dolmonlco's, but the
ewners of private ballrooms find the co til-
Though comfortable fortunes are spent
in favors, adding thus the incentive , of
rich prizes, and in. decorations, refresh
ments and service^running into $15,000 or
more I in • some instances— a few I hundred
dollars can be made to cover the cost of
a cotillon— if you are not In the smartest
of the smart set-and the affair will be
pretty and provide great fun. It is quite
possible to include enough flowers ot the
less - expensive kinds, with • a , liberal use
of palms, -to decorate a room charmingly,
and in the small dancing clubs this is a
particular advantage, for the cost to each,
member is trifling. - - *
¦ r y Flowers are not always used lavishly,
even by those who can best afford it. Mrs.
John Jacob Astor loves bouquets of roses,
and : places them in just such /a manner
that their beauty is seen to best advan
tage.-. Mrs. Astor,' to be sure, sometimes
makes her ballroom look like a real rose
garden, ' and makes . brilliant j spots with
glowing azaleas and other, flowers of bril
liant color, but I have seen charming, ef
fects in some less favored drawing rooms
at comparatively trifling cost.* ' ' ,
. . Mr. ; Whitney's splendid treasure house,
Favors and Flowers.
A cotillon leader • must be a drawing
room hero, who' is of necessity, past mast
er in generalship, In tact, quickness of wit,
good nature and self-control.: Even then
he- Isn't half . appreciated except by the
man who fails heir. to his. laurels and .tried
to live up to them. It is possible for the
dancers to make his lines easy.. or hard by
attention to his signals and directions and
by entering into the spirit of his plans.
The relations are something like those
of general and soldiers, and long associa
tion* is a decided gain in" enjoyment to
each. In New York 'the smart cotillons
are led by the more or less "old guard,"
which is composed of men who for many
seasons have been i in- great demand-
Craig Wadsworth, Elisha Dyer. -Jr.,
Worthington | Whitehouse, , Alexander M.
Madden, Harry Lehr, J. Montgomery
Strong, Monson Morris, Bchuyler Schiet
telin, Frederic Ashton de Peyster, Phoenix
Ingraham, Frederic S. Woodruff. Arthur
Slade. Artemus Ward Jr. and F. Ray
mond Liefferts." -. ,
Thomas Coleston Kinney and Arthur
/Wiley are favorites with the members of
the Wednesday cotillons:. Edward B. Rip-
Bon led the "Cinderella" I dances this sea
eon, and John D. Rockefeller Jr. 'led the
attractive series of dances given at Dod
worth's.
.These - favorite leaders go on and on,
racking their brains for new ideas, keep
ing in mind the people to whom they are
indebted, in which they share a duty with'
the other men— trying to make everybody
happy, and usually succeeding. Mr. 3Dyer
has a record of three cotillons in a week,
and though Mr. Hadden finds 'it hard to
lead as often as he Is demanded, with all
the philanthropic work he does for .love
of it, society still pursues him and, Insists
that he "lead on." .
Society's Favorite Leader.
Professor T. George Dodworth, whose
uncle, Allen Dodworth, taught dancing
and deportment to the children of fashion
able families in New Ycrk sixty years ago,
compiled a !ist of 250 cotillon figures, and
many of the best society leaders have
come from hi3 school or have ha4 private
coaching and .noirits from him. •
The "screen figure," with a woman be
hind each screen, over which she showed
a fan, has been a 'verysllvertinK one, but
society ffoes back with enthusiasm to the
"grand change," the basket and all the
jolly flgures of the dancing of early school
days. . . -
At Mr. Whitney's housewarmins. which
was one of the superb entertainments of
this season, the cotillon introduced several
figures that made" the evening One of the
jolliest of the winter. Men rode in on hob
by horses, ethers in balloons of colored
payer, from which they broke loose when
choVeri by fair partners.
Mrs. . Fish / struck, a sporting note in
many of the flgures and favors, at her co
tillon riding crops being one set of favors
that was immensely popular. She had
besides ztit belts and pencils, Louis XVI
boiibonnicrca. lficture frames r.nd desk
clocks sot in rhinestones. flower bangle3
and I.ouls XVI walking sticks.
spinning ftn the- waxed floor, to the amuse
ment of the women.
Mrs." Astor delighted her young women
guests with embossed leather bags, em
broidered in steel: miniatures in 'gilt
frames, flower fans, wreaths of roses and
fascinating big- bows of white gauze at
tached to walking sticks bound in white
satin, and a gay assortment of trophies
that went to ornament dressing tables and
boudoirs at home. . The men were given
German beer steins and a lot of fetching
trifles, among which were tops, and
strings, which the men immediately sot
. At the beautiful affairs given this sea
son by Mrs. Astor,.Mrs. John Jacob Astor,
Mr. Whitney, Mfs. .Sloane, Mrs. Clarence
Mackay and Mrs. SStuyvesant Fish, not
ably Mr. Whitney's, some interesting fig
ures were danced, every effort being used
to have novelties, with all the accessories
in elaborate 'and sometimes, picturesque
detail. . -'
Famous Co tilloiis in New York.
Speaking of cotillon leading, Mr. Hadden
says: "I find most-success in the'slmplest
figures,- for people do not like to be both
ered. And there is so much to .do nowa
days that no one wants to make hard
work of play. I never "know- what the
figures are to be until I know who are the
people and the size of the. company and
room. If there le a chill in the atmos
phere, something must, be done to break
the ice, and sometimes a romping .figure
that puts every, one out of breath is the
best way to do it."
rtebted to so many that T shan't be able lo
get around to It." If he !s not bo frank/ ho
will' be presented, but is likely to get no
further." . . ' -'
In the season all the wealth of private
conservatories and florists' shops are
transferred to the houses of millionaires,
nnn the cotillon is sometimes danced un
der canopies and arches of flowers, the
cost of which is enormous— whole orange
trees, with their fruit: rose bushes, forced
and transplanted. All the staple flowers
bold their own. with branches of flowering
shrubs that carry the poetry of the old
fashioned garden with them. » ' " •
Fortunes ' Spent in Flowers.
mapnificent in Its ov.-n decorations,- is
never ornamented with extravagant floral
display, and at Mrs. Clarence Mackay's
dnn.ee and cotillon, given at- the Waldorf
this winter, only American Beauties and
smllax were used, the most decorative
effect being: Riven by skillful arrangement
of electric lights.
The favors at a cotillon often Include
costly triukets in gold and silver, fans,
lorgnette chains, splendid bouquets and
an amazing variety of lovely things. Oolf
and polo, hunting and yachting supply
designs for many of the prettiest favors
and add. a' picturesque touch.
The charm of the cotillon does not pass
with the season in town, but all through
the spring and summer it will be danced
wherever society is. At Aiken, Palm
Bench, at Lakewood, Atlantic City, at the
country clubs and country houses, at the
cpeninjr of the season at tho "White Sul
phur Springs and kindred resorts — in
B'nort, wherever society gathers the cotil
lon is in full swing until the heat of sum
mer at Newport,- Lenox or Bar Harbor
forbids it. Morning germans were the
"agony" at AVhit<* Sulphur a few years
ago. but the athletic notion fills the head
of the girl of to-day and the cotillon does
only for variety.
In addition to the flgures designed by
Professor Marwig; some of the more fa
miliar ones used b7 Mr. Dodworth have
been very popular.- The military figure ia
as -follows: Bight couples dance, and at a
Bignal each selects another partner and
they form, a double' line in the middle of
the room, all . facing one way. The lines
part in fours, gentlemen and ladles locking
arms: then each section swings out/ the
first lady and gentleman of each section
locking arms. This joins each two sec
tions into one, four ladles and four gen
tlemen: being now in each line.
All face the ; head of the : room ' and go
forward. • Lines • part, ladles and gentle-
Sere Are Some Cotillon Figures.
Half a dozen steps were once used In the
cotillon — the waltz, schottische, polka,
mazourka, redowa — but . the waltz -and
two-step are the only dances *of to-day.
Professor Carl llarwig, who taught the
belles of a generation past to dance the
cotillon and later took their children In
band, is fertile in original ideas for fig
ures, which he designs to suit the season,
place and company.
During the hours he spends In street
cars and in going about from some thea
ter ballet rehearsal to a drawing room
class his thoughts are always busy in his
art, and the cotillon flgures he evolves are
myriad. Professor Marwig thinks sim
plicity an essential,' and his flgures are all
constructed on easy lines. He says the
American woman Is the easiest of all to
teach, for she dances everything with fa
cility, from the ballet to the minuet, the
cotillon included.
In the! matter "of favors the variety is
absolutely without limit. - In that, as in
any other detail, a cotillon may be as ex
travagant or as inexpensive, as stately, as
sentimental or as absurd as the host
chooses. The shop windows and show
cases will- suggest dozens, and there are
gentle-women, whose lines have not fallen
In pleasant places, engaged in making
favors for a living, and who are fertile In
Ideas and materials. .
Children's cotillons are always a success,
for tots love the game, and exercise, and
are ecstatically happy over the favors.
The children's cotillons at summer resorts
have always been popular, and have been
the esjeclal fad • in the South this year,
where the youngsters have had a little
society world of their own, following, close
in the footsteps, of the older belles and
beaux in their rivalry and coquetries. '
Southern moss, the gray kind that fes
toons the live oak trees of the far South,
Is to be had at, small price, and makes a
graceful, fantastic trimming, which sug
gests the use of magnolias, orange blos
soms and Cape Jessamine (Gardenias) for
favors, and two or three figures to carry
out the idea of Dixie tn burlesque.
Two cotillons are indelible In my mem
ory, one given at an army post, with
thousands of snowballs used, half green,
half white, on the long branches as they
¦ grew;, and another In the Berkshire Hills;
where mountain laurel, in pink and white,
¦ with Its dark waxen leaves, was used In
bouquets, with old fashioned
honeysuckle trained between, along the
walls and over the oak rafters.
South of Mason and Dlxon's line, where
the "german" Is a perennial, the simplest
possible, use of the country flowers leaves
to the women a clear field of their own for
decorative beauty, and the girls who
dance, dressed in dainty muslins with big
picture . hats of Leghorn, lace or braid,
laden with bright blossoms, make their
country famed the world over. For the
Easter vacation. In town and out of It, all
through the spring and summer, the rich
est man alive can buy nothing more ex
quisite than the gardens and tho woods
offer to the Doorest, and tho -wealth, of
decoration to be had for little cost will or
nament the ballroom and furnish a great
variety of favors.
It takes but limited imagination to see
what may be done with jonquils, tulips,
hyacinths and daffodils, with dogwood,
redbud, flowering almond, apple, peach,
pear, plum and cherry blossoms, lilacs
and snowballs. .
Where Simplicity Reigned.
bility of making the innovation.
Character in decorations is the great
thing whether you expend much or little,
and charming effects are to be hid by
carrying one Idea throughout the enter
tainment and by working out a color
scheme along^some individual line. Great
expense is absolutely not essential to the
success of a cotillon even to blase people.
•'"The snob windows have bloomed with
them this year while the snowHakes fell
outside*, boughs of fine yellow, called down
South forsythla; small trees of brilliant
pink, holly and mistletoe mingled for a
time with the summery things. There was
much talk of Introducing "simplicity * in
society this year, but the beginning or the
century has not demonstrated this, each
host* leaving to her neighbor the responsi-
men rofnz different -way»,"doini two side*
of the room. At a signal from the leader
all face the center, the two line* advanc
ing. Take partners and all waltz.
Another figure, which Mr. Dodworth
calls "The Covered Way," la very Jolly,
and may be danced by any number of
couples, who form two lines, partners
facing. Gentlemen Join hands and hold
them high. Ladles join hands and pass
in a serpentine 11ns In and out under the
arches. When the end of tna line Is
reached the ladles In line enter th» arch
way and move along until each reaches
her partner. AH dance.
An extremely pretty effect is made by
using flags of all nations, -which ore pre
sented in pairs. On© of each pair is se
lected, and these are distributed among?
the ladies. The corresponding flays are
given to the gentlemen. Those receiving
flag-9 immediately rise, and each searches
for th© one having tho corresponding- flag:
form two lines, facing, with top ends oc
corresponding flags Joined, fonninjt aa
archway.
• The first Couple will pus flown between
the lines, taking their places at the other
end, placing flags in former position Im
mediately; each couple In turn doing the
eame until all have passed down, A »en
eral -waltz follows. This flgrur* Is mada
additionally patriotia by having the or
chestra play a few* bars of "The Star
spangled Banner" at the appearance of
the American naff. A pretty Idea Is that
of Introducing picturesque and becoming
favors which the dancers can wear— pok*
bonnets of delicately tinted tissue paper,
trimmed with flowers, and fantastic para
sols, made of crepe or tissue paper, which
are bewitching: when gracefully handled!
by pretty girls In light frocks.
But. given a little thought and study,
any cotillon leader can think out a dozen
figures to suit the company he Is ta en
tertain.
THE SUNDAY CALL.
Sixteen couples get up, -
dance, and at ; signal from -
leader take positions described '
in diagram I. .Lines A and 0
go forward in. procession, ext \.
changing places, ladles march- .
ing inside, gentlemen outside. '
Then B and D change in the
sacra manner, each two wings
repeat to places.
All lines forward to center,
meeting as In diagram II,
gentlemen at heads of lines
and ladies at heads of lines '
crossing hands in center, join
ing the , four wings of the
windmill. Hove twice around,
ladies turn and bow to part
ners. All dance.
Leader selects twelve gentle
men, each of whom Invites a
" lady, to j dance. At signal two
lines are formed viz-a-viz on
opposite sides of room, each
gentleman having "a favor. ' :
Hen join hands, forming rhai-p §
•which starts at head of ladies'
line, and moves in . serpentine .
figure under raised hands of
ladies to lower end of line.
The chain of men turns and
goes forward, \ until the ' lino Is
in " the original 'position, each '
man facing -his partner, ~.to
whom* he kneels and , presents
the favor. AH ¦ dance.*-. The or
der of this figure may. be re
versed. BwUflira
2
THE COTILLON-SOCIETYS JOLLIEST FORM OF DIVERSIONkeeping their families by them." while they
work in field or factory, interdependence
is so inbred that' a few months' military
drill' cannot shake it out of them.
As -to the- other ' reforms the Emperor
has planned. It is hard to say which are
the most imnortant. Almost any one of
them will open the way for and assist the
others. Carried out simultaneously, they
would operate to gradually put the coun
try on a footing of prosperity and raise
the neople from the abject poverty In
which they have beqn sunk for genera
tions, although industrious and deserving.
The pictures which illustrate this article
show well enough the necessity for some
of the reforms. ¦
Not so anparent Is the reason why the
examination system should be changed,
until it is known that there are 11,000 of
the little boxlike houses, similar to those
shown In the photograph of the examina
tion grounds in Canton.
These little buildings are each about
four feet by five feet and- seven high.
There is absolutely nothing within them
but "two boards • placed across from wall
to wall.' one at the proper height for a
seat and the other In front of If to serve
as a desk.
When the examinations are • to take
place the 11,000 students fll» Into the
grounds and are distributed in the houses,
each one of which bears a number. Every
student carries his writing materials and
sufficient food to last him for three days.
After ¦ they have gone into their little
boxes thev are not permitted to leave
them. Sentries pace In all of the alleys
for the purpose of keeping watch. After
spending three/days in these cramped
places, . with no chance to sleep or rest,
they are then dismissed for three days,
after , which they return for the second
examination of three ¦ days, . then three
days', rest again, after which ¦ comes the
final examination of three more days. -
,As ,to the . quality of . literary work, it
ranks entirely by the amount of classical
quotations. The more quotations the bet
ter. -• ¦ :¦•¦.. •' . . ¦ ¦. -. "• ¦
.It la a lone breakaway from officers
qualified in this manner to a Government
on , modern lines, but I predict that the
release of the Emperor will be Immediate
ly followed by a modern and almost rep
resentative Government, for which • the
people are i more nearly aualifled than
would " be supposed. Heretofore . any at
tempt on their part to express their opin
ions has ended in the . manner of the i ex
ecutions shown in the picture. Notwith
standing this,' there have been . thirty re
bellions .In the province of Kwangtung
alone. It shows that the people are ready
for a change.
of Kwang, Su, corruption has been a
virtue. • ¦
The general, having received hia dimin
ished appropriation, takes out another lib
eral squeeze as a recompense to his'feel
ings and divides the balance of the money
among the regimental commanders, who,
knowing that the general, having put his
neck in the noose, dare not spring the
trap, again raid the army chests and turn
over to the • company : captains a pitifully
small sum each to pay the men under
them.
The final result Is,- as I have been told,
in nearly every Instance where I have in
quired of the rank and file, that they do
not receive t on the average more than $2
each per month. Out of this sum they are
required to maintain their own mess and
pay all living expenses except transporta
tion, uniforms and equipment.
In many cases, the superior officers, not
content with squeezing the . pay of the
soldiers actually employed, resort to
another device to cten). Instead of re
cruiting the entire number of men re
quired, they wiir maintain a garrison of
only half the number, and when a re
view Is ordered, coolies from the neigh
boring villages arehlred at 10 cents per
day to carry guns , and wear uniforms. I
have again and again sailed up the river
from Canton without seeing a single sol
dier on garrison duty at any of the Bogue
stone forts which line the banks, but let
it be known that the Viceroy is to make
a progress of inspection, and immediately
the forts are filled with men, bearing their
guns and banners awkwardly, and wear
ing their uniforms with that sense, of
novelty which shows to the most inex
perienced- that they weie; not even raw
recruits. But everything goes without
question under the old regime. ; It
was the way of olden times, they say, but
the ways I fear have been much .corrupt
ed; and the times get the blame for it. 3
k China, has : been through such a long
era of ; peace with the exterior world
that war methods have degenerated Into
merely the spectacular, which is neces
¦ sary to : impress • udoii ¦ ¦ rioters the fact
that the authority ' of the government
is thereby ' represented. - It is an army
of banner-bearers and drum maiors, well
up in calisthenic • exercises, but lacking
any idea of drill or tactics as we know
them: . ,
I have now been In China nearly an
entire year in inspection and organization
of the Imperial Reform army. ' ¦
IHiring that time I have found that tho
people . are intensely i patriotic, and in
every -.village I -was .well .received, "so
well; In fact, that unless I was desirous
of ¦ addressing . ; the ., people • themselves
through my Interpreters, I, found* It best
In regard to the reform of the literary ex
aminations for official promotion. It was
untruly said by those who desired to In
jure him, and innocently repeated by those
who knew no better, that he would by one
edict abolish the entire course of exam
ination in classical literature as a means
of qualifying for public office. This was
untrue and unjust, yet was taken as the
truth by many who .were friends of the
Emjtror's reforms.
The disturbance raised, by this state
ment can be imagined when you remem
ber that there were then nearly 3,000,000
students in China who had spent lengths
of time varying from one to seven years
In preparing for a classical examination,
ana a suauen abolition of the prize for
which they had been striving would have
been an Injustice.
¦ The intention of Kwang Su was far from
this.- It was to continue the examinations
as before, but to add by degrees to the
course of studies each year a little more
of modern science, and to eliminate, bit
by bit, the less useful parts of the class
ical course, following the methods of the
American universities, jsvhere, without any
•revolutionary methods,- they are substi
tuting practical mechanics for dead lan
guage classics.
.In regard to railroad extension in China
he was, of course enthusiastic and pre
dicted that the opposition of the people to
the roads would cease when the period of
construction ¦ was over." That while - the
roads were being graded they could see
only a senseless tearing- up of farms and
cemeteries, but that' as soon as the con
veniences of transportation were afforded
them they would be as enthusiastic advo
cates of the extensions of the system as
are now the people of Japan, -who bid
eagerly, town against town, to secure the
passage of a projected road through their
districts. -
The imperial Chinese army has hereto
fore been, under the immediate charge of
the viceroys of the separate provinces.
Each of them has been required to fur
nish a certain quota of men. The con
scription and . maintenance of these has
been in turn farmed out by. the viceroy in
the same manner as were < the taxes. A
general would be given, for a considera
tion, the power to levy say 25,000 men. The
pay of these men, amounting to $5 per
month each, Mexican (about $2 50 gold), is
paid to the general; that is. It is supposed
to be paid to him, but, as a fact, the vice
regal treasurer would ' find many legal
technicalities in the way of paying the
money, on account, of- red tape on the
vouchers, unless he .were allowed to take
out. a liberal squeeze after the manner at
all of the officials who take their cue from,
the court at Peking, where, until the reign
There was a terrible distortion and mis
apprehension among the literati in China
ss to what were the Emperor's Intentions
flicted. That is why the Emperor is so
desirous of being allowed to mix with tne
populace and to have their expressions
freely published in the newspapers.
In this, as in all of the other reforms,
the mandarin class saw an' infringement
of their prerogatives, which allow them to
use the tortures of the law for enforcing
the "squeeze," by which they wring the
hard-earned money of the poor to add to
their hordes of wealth- It was this reform
of the criminal code more than anything
else which set the ruling classes against
the imperial reformers and has since kept
them poisoning the minds of the people as
to the sincerity of their intentions.
Free public schoois of Western learning
renk next in importance. It was not In
tended by the tmperor that any sudden
change should be made, by which the
study of the classics should be swept
away, but rather that to such part of
them as could be profitably studied there
should be added those useful sciences and
moaern arts which are necessary to a
comprehension of recent inventions. This
would be doing no more than following the
evolution of society itself, which demands
of all its members that they should know
how to operate the contrivances which
have been invented for «ts welfare and
comfort. The necessity for these schools
is shown by the fact that at the present
time nearly all of the viceroys and many
of the mandarins have sons or members
of their families studying in .the universi
ties of America. Notable among these
arc the Princes Sung, grandsons of Li
Hung Chang, who are now at Vanderbilt
University. Japan has provided her own
colleges of Western learning with such
far-famed names as Lafcadio Hearn and
Sir Edwin Arnold among their faculties.
. Speaking of the freedom of the press,
*hen there were explained to the Empe
ror all of the worst things to be feared
from their unlicensed publications, he
said: "There can be no harm in the
truth; let every newspaper seek to find all
of the truth and publish it all. While they
publish the truth they shall be free from
all hindrance In . my empire. It is only
through a free press that the voice of the
people may be heard, and it is my first •
requirement that I should know what my
people want, for. without that, how can
I give them those things which their
hearts desire?" .
to remain outside of the walls and send
for the elders of the Diace to come and
see me. The reason of this was that tha
people having in many cases never before
seen a white man. were prolific in their
salutations, inauiries and statements of
advice. .
Did I merely wish to Inquire the road
and the distance to the next village, theto
would be such a multiujicity of different
answers and so manv eood-natured dis
putes as to the best way tp go, and how
long it would take to get there, that I
might have set out and been half way be
fore the different members of the assem
bled crowd would have settled upon an
answer to my question.
This was particularly true of. villages
where there were no missionaries. In
towns where they were settled, I found
them usually occupying the best ' house
In the place and living in style, which, by
its luxury, made unpleasant comparison!
with the painful economies of the na
tives, who lived about.\ In these places
there seemed always to be more distrust
of me, and I was several times stoned
as a Fan Kui (foreign devil),- until I had
a chance to explain , who ' I was. ¦
The difficulties in massing and drilling
troops are great.- In town and country
both, every, available foot of land is put
to some use. The houses . encroach .upon
the streets until there is but room for the
basket-bearers to pass. In the country
the farmers plant their crops up to the
edge of the traveled Daths, and none of
them are wider than is necessary to ac
commodate the traffic. H.
A lack of knowledge of recent events on
the part of many of the people also ren
ders long and tedious explanations nec
essary, for they are -without exception
fond of details and minotiae. but with a
patience for listening that is consoling. •
From the , good opportunities which \ I
had of observing the Chinese under fire,
during the ' time I was in . the North -of
China, I consider them ideal fighters, pro
vided always, and this, provision is all
important, "-that • they have leaders In
whom they ¦ place implicit confidence.
"With officers on whom they have learned
to rely, they go anywhere, caring no more
for ; death thajt does : the : mosquito that
calmly loses his life to get a drop of the
enemy's bipod,' but,- unlike the Americans,
who often aon't wait to see whether their
commanding officer is coming" or not, the
Chinese demoralize as soon as their im
mediate superior no longer offers himself
as a rallying point. :
This is, but a natural. result of their way
i of , life.' -.Always living in . villages, , even
through i the farming communities; never
going, into ' Individual ! enterprises, but ' al
ways , in . partnerships . and ¦ companies;
Continued from Page One.
HOW I WAS MADE A GENERAL IN THE CHINESE ARMY.
time- <va» Joseph Jefferson, the now fa
mous actor," then ft j comparatively un
known comedian, whone first bid for Cal
ifornia Indorsement was made at the
opera-house, on Washington street, July
8, ISflVln a. burlesque entitled "Maaseppa;
or, The Fiery Untamed Rocking Horse."
It was npt a brilliant success, but the.
actor took a benefit on the 25th and took
very little else but benefits during' hi*
nhort engagement In the city. Five of
them in less than four months were »s
many as the most exacting manager could
ask a self-respecting actor to stand, so
the gentle Joseph, who up to that time
had not struck the Rip Van Winkle bo
nanza, crossed the ocean to capture the
canny kangaroo. .
McKean Buchanan," the eccentric trage
dian, who on the occasion of his first
visit here refused to finish a performance
'i he destruction pf tho Lyceum by flr«
on November 27, l^W, had removed ft
popular theater, but there seemed to be no
great need for. another. Misfortune and
disaster came rather to the players than
trie managers. Several prominent theat
rical people died, and there were some
shocking nceldents. Slgnor Angelo Chlar-
Int. while doing a tightrope mieelalty at
Hayes Park, a new competitor of Russ
Garden, located In the valley on the cor
ner of Hayes and Lacuna, streets, fell to
the ground and was killed.
R. A. Edfly. npent for Miss Gougenheim,
while trying tOjboard the steamer for Aus
tralla from a small boat outside the
heads, was drowned, and poor Harry
Perry, a favorite actor, who had only
been married to Agnes Land a few
months, died early In kG2.
One of the .Important arrivals of that
There was no opera this year, but many
irterestinpf concerts of nil kinds were
given for the benefit of the California vol
unteers, the eltisena apparently striving
to dlsorove the assertion thnt the people
of tho Pacific Const were lukewarm In
lu>a)ty to tha Union.
second Metropolitan, which occurred or
July 1 the same year, would boom theat
ricals; but nl though the attraction was
Joey Gougenheim. a very popular actress,
just returned from Australia, the lessees,
John Torrence & Co., retired from the
management of the handsome now theater
in less than a month in favor of Charles
Tlbbets. who presented stars and combi
nations for some time thereafter.
No regularly equipped theaters of Im
portance were built In San Francisco dur
ing 1860 or the first half of 1881. Dramatic
performances had been crowded to tho
wall by opera, on one side and circuses on
the other, so that the period mentlone.l
above was a hard one, and the circuses
which cropped up frequently everywhere
ond anywhere, occupying on many occa
sions the theaters of San Francisco,
were themselves confronted by dismally
drenching rains.
The first hypnotist— then called an elec«
tro-biologlst— appeared at the opera-house
June £4, 1SC1, but as this Is primarily a
theatrical history, only his name, Profes
sor Bushnell, is mentioned.
It was believed that the opening of the
It was th« custom in early days to make
valuable presents to such visiting players
as had clever agents qualified to work up
a scheme of that character. Large
amounts of monny were frequently
thrown on the stage to fnvorlte perform
ers, and many of the ladles who found
special favor took away with them splen
did souvenirs of the "days of gold" mad»
from the precious metal the discovery of
which started California on a grand
march of unexampled prosperity.
who Is the prime mover in that noble
charity, the Actors' Fund, was a member
of the Marsh Juvenile Troupe alluded to,
as was also Jennie Arnot and other
youngsters who afterward became noted
players. Robert Y. Marsh, the manager,
made San Francisco his home for many
years. .
S was foreshadowed by the previous
I \ stttceu of the Lyster and the Blan
|^1 ohl opera companies, there was a
. I * predominance of musical entertaln
* ment in the spring of I860 when the
Lysters came back from an interior town
to play the fifth season In San Francisco.
Tnere vias still enough interest in dra
matic affairs, however, to make J. H.
llackett's engagement profitable at the
American, where he played FalstaJT in
-Henry V." while Harry Perry's fln£.
Interpretation of "Othello" at the Lyceum
was also highly successful. There was
on the whole an Imposing array of legiti
mate productions confronting the grand
and romantic operas, many of which wer«
then clv«in for tha first timo In EnglUh.
The prominent dramatic peopla were
Meiers. J. D. Booth and Georjre. Ryer. J.
H. How*, Jean Davenport (Just returned
from Australia), Mr. and Mrs. W. C.
Forb«a and Julia Dean H ayne. allot whom
appeared In JKW.
A mild boom occurred In the variety
buitlnmii about this time, owing to the
opening of Gilbert's Melodeon In the hall
heretofore mentioned, on the corner of
Cl&y and Kearny streets, the "Gaieties"
which had been established some time on
Jyor.p wharf by Kownia Grantee and &
concert hall over the entrance of the old
Metropolitan, which was known as "The
Athenaeum."
Tucker's Academy of Music, which
opened February IB at the northwest cor
ner of Summer street and Montgomery,
was devoted to concerts, lectures, pano
ramas, etc, and became very popular,
•while "Minstrel Hall," under Billy Birch's
management, started fairly at 181 Mont
gomery street April 22, but lasted only a
few weeks.
Music Hall, which had been destroyed
by flro January 23. was replaced by Pick
wick Hail, which was in turn destroyed
September 27, Andrew Tornlng, well
known in the profession, having been se
riously Injured at the fire.
Harry Platt, then a well-known and
popular character, who had been connect
ed with the hall . on Bush street, built
Platt's Hall on Montgomery, between
Bush and Pine. A handsome and com
modious auditorium and a fine class of
entertainments made it the fashionable
resort of the city, its opening concert on
Augrust 6 having been repeated the next
night.
An unimportant event was the opening
of Kimmel & Co.'s Museum at Third and
Market streets, but "The Apollo," on
Market street nearly opposite Kearny,
was a strong bidder for public favor, al
though it appears to have been located
"too far out of town," as they said in
those days.
A fine company, consisting of John
Woodard— first mentioned as stage man
ager—La Petite Lotta, Emma Howard,
Bessie Hamblin. W. H. Hamilton. Charles
Rouse and good old John H. McCabe/
opened the bouse under the most promis
ing circumstances, but it was not a great
success, and the season lasted less than
a fortnight. A haJl of the same name, lo
cated on Pacific street, was running in the
latter part of 1S6L - r> ¦ - ; ¦• ¦ >"
. N'otaMe arrivals in I860 were the Marsh
Juvenile Troupe, Dan Rice, the Prates!
Family, Lina Windel and an unknown
confidence man from the East.
This clever operator advertised a model
artiste exhibition January 17, 1860. at
the Union, at 51 per seat. The house was
packed at S o'clock and a prepossessing
young man at the door had taken In
about $800 when he passed through the
theater to the stage, gave the leader of
the orchestra orders to play until he got
the signal for the first tableau and softly
vanished out of the back door. About
this time the audience began to notice
that there had been no visible prepara
tions for a performance, and there were
propositions to investigate. It need not
be said that the swindler had faded from
view, or that there was an exhibition of
grand and lofty profanity by the audi
ence, well worth the price of admission.
Louis Aldrich, the well-known actor,
of "Plzarro" because Rolla's child, who
had been fed green apples by the property
man, cried with a pain in his equator,
came to us again, bringing his own
"chelld," Virginia, whp made her first ap
pearar.ee as Virginia in "Virglnlus."
The lack of opera in 1S61 was more than
atoned for In 1862, when there was a par
ticularly vigorous revival, so enthusias
tically received as to make the managers
of dramatic enterprises look very serious.
For the present it will be passed to note
the number of new plncea of amusement
which fell Into line with bids for public,
patronage.
The places which were rented for con
certs, lectures, panoramas and amateur
eluba became so numerous thnt they also
must bo passed, in most Instances with
slight mention.
A boom In what In now called vaudeville
but wan then varlmy business occurred
In 1S62, and for a short time after March
SI the opem-house. en Washington street,
was called "The Varieties." Tha Jonny
I.lnd Melodecm. on Commercial street,
between Montgomery and Kenrny, eumo
Into the ring March 24 with a special bill,
and prices of admission were down to bed
rock. In addition to Huss Garden, which
was nearly destroyed by fire the nrevlous
summer, and the Turn Vereln Hull, lo
cated on Bush street, near Powell, the
German soclettes found a pleasant resort
at The Willows, on the eld Mission road,
very near where the old Willows Brewery
now stands.
Variety performances were also given
at, the places named, and the great pa
tronage for this class of entertainment
brougnt into f rominence Manager E. O.
Bert, father of the woll-known theatrical
family, Fred, Charles and Edward, who
were intimately associated with amuse
ment enterprises on this coast for many
years and are responsible for much of Its
theatrical history subsequent to tha
period already mentioned.
Dashaway Hall, built for and by the
Dashaway Association, the first temper
ance organization, came into prominence
about this time. It was located on Post
street, Just above Kearny, and was a
well-appointed hall, fitted with a stage
pnd scenery, which were made use of by
dramatic and operatic amateurs for years
after its formal opening in the summer of
ISO.!
The city was now Browing In all direc
tions so rapidly that a need for more the
aters seems to have asserted Itself, and,
after the usual amount of preliminary
talk nnd. preparation, work was begun on
tho Kureka, which was completed with
dispatch and opened under the manage,
ment of W, H. Letshton on I>ecember J8,
1862. The Eureka was located on Mont*
gomery street, between Fine and Califor
nia, where It now stands, having been
used fta a, itoek exchange for yean. It
was devoted ' to burlesque for several
weeks before Julia Denn tfayno began an
engagement In high class drama,
It was In this thattler In February, '63.
lint Halite Hinekley, then a beautiful
young actress, made her first Appear
ance in the part of Sarah In "Night and
Morning." This lady Is still a resident of
San Francisco, where she retired to prt*
vat? life many years ago after having en*
joyed a. long reign as a footllght favor-
The same year witnessed the opening of
the largest hall for public entertainment
yet built In the progressive city. Penn
sylvania Steam Fire Engine Company No.
12, on April 30. 18*5. Inaugurated Union
Hall on the south Fide of Howard street,
a short distance from Third.
Owing to its great size and Its distance
from the«center of business it was soma
time before Union Hall became a popular
temple of amusement, although for year*
great throngs of people gathered within
'its walls on memorable occasions. Its de
struction by lire some time after Manager
Walter Morosco moved from it to th-»
Grand Opera-house la still fresh in tho
memory of the San Francisco public.
The opera companies which renewed in -
t crest In high class) music and broke t h »
long vacation were piloted, as It were. By
the Estrella family, who presented a
Spanish dramatic operatic and ballet
company at Tucker' ¦ Academy, without
making much of a. sensation in society,
but the real thine commenced when Mm».
Blacncclantt, Lizzie Parker and 8chweg
erle opened with "l.a Bonnajnbula" at th>
Metropolitan for a short season. Than
came the TManchta, who had been to Aus
tralia, and with them Mm©. Herrman,
Signers Enrico Gross! and John Ores?,
who opened At the Metropolitan May i.'i.
'&. St«viTiil short seasons were played,
during one of which Hurry Courtntua
nanpr FJ»»ro In "The H*rb#r of Seville."
Grand opera also Alternated for a tinvt
with minstrels At the opera-home, and
many notable performances were gtvon
by each company.
On one oceaalon Manager Marulre took
a benefit, the. pefornmnce being mixed
Italian opera And negro comedy, whlc*i
was so successful that two more night?
were devoted to the imnn mixture, and
still the. opera survived and kept right o.i.
a season having opened at tha American
in January. 1863.
Occasional performances were also glv
en at the Metropolitan and, reinforco
ments having arrived from South Amer
ica, the management inaugurated tha
custom of giving operas for matinee per
lormances.
During this period of operatic excite
ment, while there were many accession*
and secessions advertised from time tn
time the management found frequent oc
casion to utilize the local talent hereto
fore mentioned, and the names of Jacob
Stadfeldt. then a fine barytone singer, and
lions. Charles, an excellent tenor, ap
peared frequently. Both gentlemen ar©
still in the city, Mr. Stadfeldt having held
a tine position in the Mint for many
years, while the latter, as M. Charle*
Morel, is teaching the French language In
Oakland schools.
The first Turners had their hall for ex
ercise in the old brewery on the corner of
Washington and Stockton, and when their
new hall was built where California Hall
now stands it was frequently utilized for
grand concerts. The Mechanics' Pavilion,
which then stood on the northwest corner
of Post and Stockton, was another com
modious and convenient place for larga
gatherings.
Notable arrivals of the -period here cov
ered were the Orrin family, Mr. and Mrs.
Charles Dillon, the first troupe of native
dancers from Hawaii, the Hanlons, J. H.
Taylor, the well-known tragedian; Ed
ward Hermann, th* magician, the Mas
sartls, Signer Parudi, Fanny Morgan.
Adah Isaacs Menken and Frank Lawler.
About the last Important managerial
enterprise with which Mr. Lawler waa
connected was In company ¦with Barton
Hill and General Barton at the old Cali
fornia Theater in the late- seventies. Mr.
Lawler. who had been an actor-manager
for many years and at one time was a
great favorite in the Eastern States, de
veloped peculiar mental weakness soot
after his unsuccessful venture her© and
the theatrical world was surprised to
learn that upon his own earnest solicita
tion he had been, admitted . to the Edwin
Forrest Home tor Actors, where, after a
few years of melancholy inactivity, ho
died. General Barton went to New YorK
and with Robert Miles, th© veteran Cin
cinnati manager and old-time equestrian
actor, assumed management of the BJJou
Theater In New York, where Henry
Dlxey made hi3 great run in Adonis. Bar-'
ton Hill, still a hale and hearty old actor,
was lf^st seen her© professionally as a
member of Nance O'Neill's company. Ha
was manager of the old California in its
palmiest days, under the proprietorship
of John McCullough and Lawrence Bar
rett, and his extremely honorable connec
tion with the theatrical history "of Cali
fornia is too well known to need mora
than a passing mention at this time*
The year 1864 was an eventful and In
teresting one to the citizens of San Fran
cisco. It • marked the beginning of a :
period of great activity in theatricals an<i
astonishing enterprise in many other lines
of business. The great development of
the mining interests kept the city busy
taking care. of the pilgrims who flocked
to this coast, and speculators found a
productive field for amusement enter
prises almost anywhere in ta» Golden
State. ¦': . - T^-r-v
THE SUNDAY CALL,.
3
EARLY DAY THEATRICALS IN SAN FRANCISCOTHE New York State Library each
January prints- a list . of 500 of the
leading books of the previous year,
"and submits If to the librarians of
the State and others Interested, for a
vote as to which are the best fifty books
to be added to a village library. About
200 people usually express these opinions,
which are tabulated below. Eight books
not included In the original list had each
one vote. In the list printed below, the
books are arranged in the . order of their
rank as to the number of votes given for
them. •.-,-. - -\ /.
Obviously, this list must not be received
as authoritative, but simply as an ex
pression of the opinions of persons so sit
uated as to know what books • are most
in demand, even if they, are not intrin
sically the best The vote depends en
tirely on the voter's idea of what should
determine the additions to a . village li
brary, many believing it* better to add
a second-rate . book I that will , be widely
read than a better, one which _. will \be
called for less than half as often.
R*^3£5SKJBfS83BMflBBttH votes.
L JOHNSTON, MARY-To Have and to
.Hold. Houshton, $1 50........... 137
2. THOMPSON. ERNEST , SETON—Biog
.. ¦ - raphy of a Grizzly. Century, '$1 50.:.. 131
S. BACHELLERk . I. , A.— Eben • ! Holden.
Lothrop, $1 30.. ........:... ....127
4. STEDMAN, , E. C, • ed.— An American
Anthology, 1787-1899. ' :¦ Houghton,' J3 .... 126
5. THOMPSC**, MAURICE-7 Alice of Old
Vlncennes. Bo-wen," $1 50... ......121
6. "WARD, MRS. M. 'Air-Eleanor/- Harper,
:$i so-.. ....'. — ....... .r..:..l....:...c.iC8
7. ALLEN. J. Ll— Reign of Law; A Tale
of the Kentucky Hempflelds. - Mac
millan.. $1 50 :.................;..:...-.... .106
8. BARRIE, J. M.— Tommy and Grizel.
" Scribner, , $1 50 ...::.~.. .....:. ...:.V 98
9. HO WELLS, -W..D.— Literary Friends
and "Acquaintances. ' Harper, $2 60.".. I .-.'.'. 97
10. CRAWFORD. . F. M.— In the Palace of
'. the r ,King.i Macmlllan, $1 50.:.. »':.. 95
11. FISKE. 1 JOHN— Mississippi " Valley in
.. ; Civll War. Houghton,' $2............... 89
12. TARKINGTON, • -; BOOTH . — Monsieur
¦ . .Beaucalre. McClure. $125....... :"....... 87
13. BURROUGHS, JOHN— Squirrels and
Other Fur Bearers^- Houghton,- 11. 1.,.. 83
THE BEST ; 1PIIFT¥ BOOKS; OP i 9®<D.
14. WENDELL,' BARRETT— Literary Hls
;¦ tory. of America. Scribner. $3... l....~. 84
25. , ILES, GEORGE— Flame, Electricity and r
the Camera.. Doubleday, net 52........ 78
16. KEELER, H. L.— Our Native Trees
and How to Identify Them.; Scribner, •
net $2.. .;...¦....:..:-. ...:.............. 78
17.' EARLE,' MRS. A. M.— Sta?e Coach and ¦
Tavern Days.' Macmillan, *2 50. .*...... 74
18. HEWLETT/ M. H.— Life and; Death of .'.'
Richard ¦ ' .Tea-and-Nay. ;', Macmlllan,
- $250 ..............;.;:..... 72
19. EGGLESTON, , EDWARD— Transit of
¦•• > Civilization From England to America *
in the'. Seventeenth Century. Apple
ton, $150:. "..'...;....:..............¦..... 64
20. • SCIDMORE, E. ¦ R.— China, the Long-
Lived Empire. '- Century. ; $2 50 — ..:... 63
a. HILLIS. N. D.— Influence '¦ of 1 Christ in -
'Modern Life -'¦ Macmillan, ,$1 50..:.'..... 62
22. ALLEN," A.' V. G.— Life and Letters ofJ
Phillips Brooks. 2 vols. Dutton, net
$750 ....:..;..:.. ¦..."..:.: : ..'..;..::.\..~. 61
23. BROOKS, E. -' S.^Century Book of the ¦: ?
• American Colonies. ¦'¦ Century, ' $1 50.../ 60
24. MORLET, JOHN — Oliver .- Cromwell.-*
- Century. $3 50........ .........: 83
DUNNE, F." P. ("Martin k nooley"
pseud.)— Mr. Dooley's Philosophy. Tlus- ¦
sell," $160.. .......'. 59
GRANT, ROBERT— Unleavened Bread.
Scribner, $150. .....,..:......... 59
27. DAVIS, R.-v H.— With Both Armies In
South Africa. Scribner, $1 50..... . 58
SPOFFORD, A. R.— Book for All Read
ers. Putnam, $2..'......;..'......"..". 58
29. THOMPSON, MRS. G. G. SETON— A
• Woman Tenderfoot. _ Doubleday, $2...'. 57
30. HUXLEY. LEONARD— Life and Letters
' /of .Thomas Henry Huxley, by his son.
.'2 vols.. Appleton,: $5... '...". *..". '55
3L 1 CHAPMAN. F. M.— Bird : Studies With
a Camera. - Appleton, $175... 54
32. LANG. ANDREW, ed.— Grey Fairy
y. "Book. Longmans. $2..........'. .'.53
33. MABIE. H.-' W.— William Shakespeare.
i Macmillan, new ! cheaper edition, - net
$350 ....... v '. ..;..„......;.......... so
, ; .THOMPSON, MAURICE^My Winter
• •- Garden. ,-; Century, . ; $1 50.*. .... .".". . . . :. . . : 50
35. GLASGOW. E. A." G.— Voice or the Peo
".'- pie; - Doubleday, r $L50...'i... .*....:....... 49
WILLiAilS, H - S.— Story of Nineteenth
Century Science. Harper $2 50 4j
87. BYRNE. of 'invention "in
the Nineteenth Century.- Munn -S3 43
MCCLURE. A K.-Ou/presidents^and
How \\ e Make Them. Han>er 1* 4*
ROSTAND. EDMUND-L/Atklon- A
Play In Six Acts. Russell Jim' 48
(Citizens Library of Economics Poli
tics and Sociology). Macmillan' St •*; 47
41 DU CHAILLU. P. B.-ThrWortd 'of {he
¦ Great Forest. Scribner, J2. . . ... . 45
42. April Baby's Book of Tunes With the
f^T?* W^ y
H?; r*™f Au «>°r of "Elizabeth and
li 50 German Ga rden." Macmillan. .
; B i^r^;?i^^"*^"^ r^^- 1
HARLAND, HENRY"("s7dney- Laska/ :
pseud.)-Cardtnar 8 Snnff Box. Lane.
Sntu^ I* Other Tlmely Ess *y s - ,
R tom en "¦¦"^^ ;^"w^""Hoiih^. -
47 C ?±JS^S >"M- "£-***' Ma n 'Tnk"t"cfor: >**
. GOSS, C F.— Redemption of David Cor- .
-son. Bowen, $150 ... 41
ROOSEVELT. THEODORE-Tne"strenI
uous Life. C«nturv SI 50 ai
S !££F*? ! ?„ J ° S A - SaYllnVAione
Anrandthe World.. Century,- $?....... 41
General Charles King, who, with the aid
of his prolific pe'n, has created such hosts
of military heroes in the last twenty
years or so, has produced in his last Ptbry,
"In Spite of Foes," a worthy companion
for its predecessors. In addition to tho old
time heart-stirrers, such ¦ as false accusa
tions, unfavorable court-martial, disgrace,
"despair, and the Indian fight, the hero is
In Spits of Foes.
elevated to the Peerage. He says and
does .' unexpected things, breezy with
Western freedom t and shocking to the
conservatism of the old country. How he
unmasks the villain and finally wins the
love, and hand of the heroine the reader,
must learn from the story itself. (Pub
lished by the Abbey Press, New York.
Price 51.) .
\ ' .. Stag's Lyrics. . .
; "Stage Lyrics" Is" .1 delightful volume
of verses, by Harry B. Smith, all
know 5 Mr. Smith most lavorably as the
author, of, the bright" lines in those popu
lar modern operas, "Robin Hood," "Tha
Mandarin," ¦ "Rob Rov," '"Thee Casino
Girl," "The, Highway," etc. .., The present
volume is \ composed of the most popu
lar . songs ¦. taken from these different op
eras. The book is published In R. H. Rus
sell's usual attractive style, which place3
him well at the. "head- as a purveyor uf
artistic publications. , The . Illustrations
j • ¦ .» v ' • .- • ¦
understandings and entanglements coinci
dental with the sweet passion, and an un
expected denouement, hold the . reader
throughout the book.. Published by Tha
Abbey Press, New York. -Price $1.
<3^0I|<S^ .^O^TO^-
in Chicago. In 1893 he zvas sent
to Athens as Consul by President
Cleveland. He remained in Greece
five years and a half ', during zvhich
time he made a careful study of the
language and people. ] Since his re
turn lie has devoted himself to liter
ary work; and contributing to vari
ous periodicals. His publications
are "Songs, of the Lowly,' ' poems
(i8p2, published by subscription) ;
"In Unknown Seas," poems, y 895;
"Aphroessa,"' poems, 1897, (T.
Fisher Umvin; London) ; "Con
stantine" zvas originally zvritten in
modern \ Greek by the author, and
ran as a serial in the Athens Asty;
"A . Fair Brigand," 1900 (Ward,
Lock & Co., London)'. .
TgZS EORGE HORTON, author of
{J "Like Another Helen" was
born in Fairvillc, Wayne County,
N. Y;, in the year 1859. .While
he ivas a small boy his parents emi
grated to Michigan, ivhere his fath
er bought a farm. Young Horton
zvas educated at the distrkr school
and the Marshall high school^ Then
he was sent to Ann Arbor, where
he graduated at the high school, and
afterzvard at the University of
Michigan in the classical contse.
MrrHorton zvas given a separate
diploma for especial excellence in
Greek and Latin.] A fter graduat
ing. he taiight school for awiiilc and
then entered upon newspaper work
With such a picturesque period of time
and place, such forcefully penned charac
ters and such a rapid flow of dramatic
events, It Is not to be wondered at that
there are no dry pages in Mr. Payson's
book. But more than this, the author,
with consummate skill, holds the real cli
max for the very end, and it will be a cold
reader Indeed who does not thrill with
breathless interest over ftiese last few
pages. Vytal's terrible fight with Imag
inary foes over the body of his loved one
There is one other character which must
not be passed without mention, and that
is Gyll Croyden, an alluring siren of the
stage, whb, even in the fastnesses of 'the
forests, wears her gorgeous theatrical
gowns and lightens the days with her
care-free songs. - .
In the first few pages Vytal,x_by most
brilliantly described sword play, saves
Eleanor from the clutches of this man,
who is to be his lifelong foe. After the
opening . chapters, with this as a climax,
the scene shifts to the English ships, with
all sails set for the new colony, and by a
coincidence all the leading characters are,
for one reason or another, found making
their -way over the broad ocean to the
promised land beyond. There is many a
stirring adventure before these pilgrims
eventually find their new home, but' these
escapes are mere play to the trying events
which develop in this strange land of
their own seeking, and which is to prove
the grave of so many of these English
pioneers. "
This little literary ruse has been fre
quently used in varying form, but it Is
still ever new and a success. There is one
other besides Vytal who loves Eleanor,
but this one would win her for himself
despite the impediment of the marital
bonds. He Is the arch villain of the book
—absolutely unprincipled and yet with a
dash of courage, pertinacity and grit in
his make-up that made him a foeman
worthy, in every sense of the word, of the
steel of such a hero as Vytai.
The heroine Is Eleanor Dare, daughter
of the future Governor of the new colony
founded by Sir Walter Raleigh, a young
woman for •whom Vytal develops a pure
and all-sacrificing love. She unfortunate
ly brings on her head the wrath of Queen
Elizabeth, and to save her father is
obliged to marry against her will a harm
less but drunken and entirely repellant in
dividual. . '
The leading character, John Vytal, is an
English Cyrano de Bergerac— lean of body
and visage but with a heart of gold and
a sword arm of steel. He has few friends,
and of these there is not one but'would
die to serve him. He has many enemies,
and of these many would die to slay him.
Of his friends there is one, a slow-witted
but true-as-steel Saxon giant, and an
other, a man "fat, as if, like a stage.buf
foon, he had stuffed a pillow in his dou
blet." Vytal and these two are sugges
tive of the three guardsmen, made so
famous by Dumas, and their feats of war
are certainly as marvelous. A fourth
friend is Christopher Marlowe, the poet,
whb plays a strong second to the hero in
his adventures in England and later in the
colony. The author explains in a foot
note: "As there is absolutely no reliable
record of Marlowe's personal life and
dwelling place at this time, I have felt
justified in attributing his generally ac
knowledged absence from London ' to a
Virginia voyagel"
in h!s foreword, the historical part is
largely contained In this same explana
tory preface, which calls the reader's at
tention to that romantic period of history
when the first colonists of America on
Roanoke Island" were neglected, aban
doned by their own countrymen and were
finally adopted into a .tribe of Hatteras
Indians. Mr. Payson has retained a few
historical persons in his pages, but there
is no painful following of exact history
nor detailed accounts of manners and cus
toms. He has chosen -this place and time
simply because it is "mystical and myste
rious and paramountly inspires romance,"
and not because he wishes his book to be
added as a supplementary on the reading
course of a history class. . •
As a well conceived, well written, inter
esting story and as a tale wherein you
will find many friends worth adding to
your list, of striking personalities in fic
tion, the book stands high on the list.
T? N his story "Active Service." publish
ed in 1899, Stephen Crane gave us a
]} romance which contained some strik
ing pen pictures of the fighting be
tween the Turks and Greeks. Mr.
Crane's story showed the possibilities of
a now end great field, but all in rather a
crude and unsatisfactory way. It served
its purpose of entertainment, however,
and dou'oi'ess awakened the interest of
many a reader in a period so replete with
romance and yet so seldom made a sub
ject bv novel writers.
Probably the reason for the nesiect by
American writers of so fruitful an epi
sode as the Mohammedan massacre of
four y<=ars ago is that they were all busy
with different subjects and In different
places at that time. A man cannot write
nbout f.omethins: that he has never seen
and about which he has heard little.
Undoubtedly the best man to deal -with
s^ich a rufcjrct is that man who has just
written "Like Another Helen." George
Honon was for five years United States
Consul in Athens; for that matter, he has
spent the better part of his life on stud
ies and in practical experiences which
should make him a first authority on Gre
cian history and customs.
Fcr all a man's learning and experience,
it does not always follow that he can
write a historical novel that will hold the
reader's attention. In fact, novels from
such sources are generally fiat failures,
but here is a most striking exception.
Mr. Horton writes as graphically and
powerfully of war as Stephen Crane did
at h-Is best. His historical facts are all
there, but they are put in as a rich set
ting for his characters and in no part of
his work is plot or person subordinated
to descriptions whose only object would
be to show the author's Intimate knowl
edge of his subject.
There are half a dozen characters
¦worthy of consideration in "Like Another
Helen." The only one the reader will find
any fault with is the American, John Cur
tis. And for Curtis we can hardly blame
Mr. Horton. As a matter of national pride
we may feel sorry that he has to be an
American, and yet we must admit that he
Is true lo life. Curtis is a hero In a way—
but in this case his way is that of a very
cautious Yankee.
1 he Ptory opens with a vessel loaded
with arms on its way from Athens to
Crete.. On board her are three prominent
figures of the book. One is a Cretan stu
dent, who Is going home to fight for lib
erty, the second is John Curtis, an Amer
ican college graduate and the son of the
owner of a Massachusetts shoe factory,
and the third is Lieutenant Lindbohm, a
soldier of the world and ever a partisan
of the weaker side.
The caique is sunk by a British gunboat
and these gentlemen finally manage to get
sshcre by swimr>lng. The young Cretan
acts as their guM« and pilots them to a
little village high up in the mountains of
Crete. There they meet for the first time
this modern Helen for whom this peaceful
little hamlet is afterward destroyed. Xo
wonder that Curtfs loses his heart at once
—frankly and openly— while the lieuten
ant also falls in love, but keeps his secret
to himself.
She arpeared to be standing on the top
or. a wall. She was floating in sunlight
she was glorified. Tali, straight, deep-bo
eomed, Fhe wore a skirt of blue homespun
and a short jacket of the same material, with
sleeves that were white from the elbows
down. Her hair, that was in reality a soft
brown, f*emed of gold; one massive strand
fell over her bosom quite to her knees. *Her
face was oval, the features as clearly cut as
those of a. poddees. Her large brown eyes,
•wide apart beneath a low, broad forehead!
beamed with fearless innocence and wonder.
On her left shoulder rested a huge earthen
water Jug. two-handled, bulging near the toil
and dwindling at each end. Her right hand
held this in place, and her left rested on her
blp.
This Is Panayota, the daughter of the
village priest.
There is another lever, however, who
eoon appears on the p cene: one that brings
death in his wake for many a brave Cre
tan peasant. This one is Kostakes Effen
£1, the Turkish commandant of the dis
trict, who has sworn that Panayota shall
become a member of his harem. In fact
he, will do more than that for her, he will
make her his wife and if need be renounce
his own religion for her.
Panayota cannot tolerate him and a raid
follows. It is a frightful chapter this; one
so strong that it is almost painful read-
Ing.
Curtis has hurt his foot and so can
take no active part, but Lindbohm. the
trained soldier, is ;a his element. There
Is plenty of heroism, but strength wins
In the end and finally the scene shifts un
til Panayota and Curtis find themselves
prisoners. Curtis passes himself off as a
newspaper correspondent and is allowed
some liberty, which he finally succeeds In
putting to such good use that both he
and Panayota are rescued by Lindbohm.
As breathless an escape as this Is it is
but tire beginning of worse difliculties.
Kostakes. as an animal creation, is cer
tainly to be admired. He Is not the sort
to give up the pursuit of so fine a prize
as Panayota without first making the ef
fort of his life, be it for good or eviKv s
Incidents pile one on top of the other
and yet are so clearly told that there Is
no confusion of. events. Curtis plays the
part of a hero and a lover with plenty of
dash when the . presence of his beloved
and the general excitement of the moment
carry him along. But when he finds that
Harper & Brothers have undoubtedly
made a find in the person of John Far
quhar Payson, author. If he can even equal
his third book, "John Vytal," Mr. Payson
has a bright future before him in the liter
ary world. True, this story is a historical
novel in. the generally accepted meaning
of that much used and III used term.
Readers are, however, already beginning
to turn aside and scent danger when the
word "historical" i3 even hinted at in
connection with a book, so it ma jT be wise
and only fair to Mr. Payson to immediate
ly explain that in this case the "histor
ical" is a very-light attack and the book
may be heartily, recommended.
. To further reassure the reader let it be
etated that, as the author himself says
It is then that the true, self-sacrificing
character of the - Swedish lieutenant is
brought out in clever and strong contrast.
As the,friend cf the American and realiz- 1
ing the other's attachment he has never
spoken of his love for Panayota, but when
he learns that CurtiJ is about to abandon
her he feels relieved from the duty of
comradeship. His act of. bravery Is for
Mr. Horton to tell, out the reader will find
that he has not been mistaken in his esti
mate of the true character of this soldier
of fortune, whose heart and sword wen>
ever ready to serve the weak or oppressed.
(Published by the Bowen-Merrill Com
pany, Indianapolis. Price $1 50.)
his beloved, to escape capture, has hidden
In a leper settlement it is a little more
than his cautious, practical nature can
stand and he begins to think of his New
England home and what the "governor"
will say.
"The Academic Algebra" Is ; a worthy
addition to the series' of mathematical
textbooks prepared by Dr. Milne and.ver}^
widely used in schools. The treatment '. of*
the subject throughout is bared upon the
most modern presentation of the.scien-jo.
It meets the requirements of the entrance
examinations of any college or university.
The natural method cf mathematical
teaching has'been followed ..V the student
being led to make the. .proper inferences,
to, express these inferences, "briefly aivl
correctly and lo prove their truth by. the
method of deductive reasoning.-; The defin
itions are complete vet clear and concise,
and are in all cases fullv illustrated. ! The
examples are very numerous and so grad
ed that the more difficult ones .may be
omitted if desired, . thus ¦ f urnishlns: a
briefer and easier course at -the option of
the teacher. The treatment of the topics
is of such, a character that the proofs may
be reserved until a second reading 'or re
view without interfering 'with the pupil's
clear comprehension of the principles of
An Academic Algebra.
, In the matter of book-making, ; the
work can be taken as a model and shows
that Eastern publishers may well look to
San Francisco for hints . on elegant and
artistic printing and binding. ' There Is
a very good steel' engraving "of "Mr.' Del
mas as a front page. (Published. by A. M.
Robertson, 126 Post street, San Francisco.
12^50.) ¦ • . . .'.
Writings of such a character are gen
erally considered heavy reading, but' in
this case the style is so clear, and the dic
tion so pure, forceful and elegant that the
book cannot fa:l to interest. To the)peo
ple of California, who are familiar," with
the subject matter, the volume should ap
peal most strongly. ' .
The arguments included in the contests
of the volume include six, of the best
known and greatest cases in the legal his
tory of California. Mr. Delmas' speech
.it Santa Cruz on the evening of Mon
day, November ' 5, 1900— the '.day ; before
the Presidential election, j is ¦ given;: also
his address on education, addresses be
fore the Sons of the Revolution, a* Elks'
memorial service, before the Chit-Chat
Club on Independence -day, on -Walter
Scott before, the Saint' Andrew's Society,
on the inauguration of the Hon. Horace
Davis as president of the University of
California, and his address before the
Legislature of California for the. preser
vation of the £iant redwoods. .
It was a happy inspiration: that . led
to the publication of the speeches and
addresses of . D. M.. Delmas. _This emi
nent jurist has long been -as
the golden-tonsjued orator.*of the Golden
State, but it has probably been a mis
taken idea of many -that Mr.' Delmas'
successes in addressing were .ow
ing to his splendid .delivery and person
ality more than to the "actual words and
logic of his speeches. -Now that the op
portunity is offered of reading his collect
ed addresses of importance this false im
pression will undoubtedly be swept away.
Dslmas.
The illustrations for the book have
been well chosen. They are "remarkably
good prints of actual photographs taken
of scenes in and around the 'university
grounds and of class rushes, - football,
games, etc. (Published : by A. M.,Robert
son, San Francisco. . $1.50.) ¦ ; '
Speeches and Addresses by D.' M.
Mr. Lichtenstein has evidently taken
great care to have all the details of col
lege life, correct in every particular, and
he describes the customs of daily life, the
class affairs and the : 'greater college
..events, all with a spirit that will entertain
even the casual reader and will delight
the man who holds the University of Cali
fornia as his Alma .Mater. , ' •
In his first days he makes himself pop
ular by paving some of, his fellow fresh
man from the wily sophomores, and then
Is rewarded by being appointed class cap
tain for the freshman-sophomore rush.
In a word, Mr. LJchtenstein's story has
this merit over all its predecessors, it is
a complete novel whose hero runs the
entire gamut of university experiences. As
a work cf fiction it is a success, but its
main interest lies in the fact that it is a
iale entirely devoted to life at the Uni
versity of California.
Mr. Lichtenstein takes as his leading
character the beet possible type— the poor
boy from the country who puts ' himself
through college by his own individual ef
fort. James Rawson not only supports
himself during his college term, but finds
time to acquit himself creditably in his
studies and also take a prominent part
in all the doings of his class and in the
college games as well.
The Stanford stories were an approxi
mation of the proper spirit, for they dealt
entirely with happenings in or about
Stanford^ or In some way connected with
the life of students of that institution."'
"Under/the Berkeley. Oaks" had some^
capital stories among the number that'
went to make the volume, but it could
hardly be. considered an out and. out col
lege, book, for though the authors of all
the stories had at one time been students
at the University of California, still their
themes in the majority of cases had noth
ing whatever to 'do with college life.
The best ¦ book that has appeared 'on
the market In the way of college litera
ture is "For the Blue and Gold," by Joy
LIchlenstein. Last year we had two
works o.n • themes somewhat related . to
this subject— one was a book of short
Stanford stories by Messrs. Field and Ir
wln, and . the other was "Under the
Berkeley Oaks."
is slightly reminiscent of the tragic death
of De Bergerac, but then it is so well done
that no reader will bother his head about
originality. (Published by Harper, &
Brothers. New, York. Price $1 50.)
B. ;G. LATHROP..
For the Blue and Gold.
consist of clever pen and Ink sketches of
the scenes, and over fifty half-tone por
traits in costume of the singers. ' In ad
dition are presented some strikingly fan
ciful' pictures by such well known artists'
as Archie Gunn, Ray - Brown and E. W.
Kemble.
Manual of /the Constitution.
There has just been published a "Man
ual of the •Constitution ¦ of the United
States," by Israel Ward Andrews, D.D.,
LL.D.; revisedby Komer Morris, L.L.B.,
of the Cincinnati bur." For twenty-five
years Andrews' Manual of the Constitu
tion has been one- of the leading works on
the subject. The original publication grew
out of the author's own necessity for a
concise yet thorough and practical treat
ise, arid in the revision the utmost care
has been taken to keep to the .original
design of the book. It now 'includes the
recent' interpretations of the constitution
by the courts and the important statutes
calculated to produce permanent political
effect. In addition, ' such modern topics
as our island possessions, -the Interstate
Commerce Commission, the law against
trusts and the Civil Service Commission
are fully treated, both as to their histories
and their constitutional aspects., An ap
pendix" gives, amon:? other things, the
constitution "and the Declaration of In
dependence, while a complete ' index ren
ders possible ready reference to any topic.
(Published by the American Book Com
pany, New York. Price $1.)
The Hew Don Quixote.
"The New Don Quixote," by* Mary
Pacheco, is a novel of the dramatic type.
It opens on the boundless prairies of the
West; introduces a number of the dram
atis personae, including the villain of the
story, and anon transports the reader to
the conventional scenes , of England,
¦where the hero,' a Western ranchman, is
The author ; of "Through Stress and
Storm", writes under the nom de plume cf
Gregory Brooke, but is in reality. a promi
nent jurist who resides in one of the Cen- .
tral States. The story illustrates its title. ¦_
Although written without any . avowed
moral purpose, it "teaches a most whole
some moral and shows how character is
composed and compacted through "stress
and storm." The part played by love in
human life; the girl as a sweetheart; mis-
Through Stress and Storm.
"A King's -Pawn." by Hamilton Drum
mond, is a bright, ringing story of adven
ture of the" time of Henry of Navarre and
during the trouble between Spain and
France. The book, takes as a motif a
journey, by Henry himself and two gen
tlemen of his court, together with a valet,
into Spain when feeling ran high between
the two countries. The party travel in
cognito,, but /nevertheless meet with all
kinds of hazardous' 1 escapes, and seem
ingly fatal predicaments are cons'tantly
arising.- One of the most thrilling of theso
is a vendetta, with- which a jj Spanish
woman pursues one of the King's com
panions. With all the clash of steel and
clatter of horses' hoofs the party manages,
with one exception, to escape unscathed.
The story is 'plausible, entertaining and
carries enough of Cupid's doings • to give
delicate contrast to the ring of arms. The
cover design is done in a very . effective
poster style. ' (Published by Doubleday,
Page & Co.. New ; York. Price $150.)
A' King's Pawn.
the science. ¦ The student's knowledge of
arithmetic has, in every instance, been
used as a basis for a thorough knowledge
of numbers as they are considered in the
science of : algebra, so that 'progress.; to
ward the broader ideas of number is easy
and algebraic, truths are readily compra-;
hended. : (Published by the American
Book Company, New York. Price $1 25.)
The May Atlantic will open, with the
first installment of "Audrey," .Miss Mary
Johnston's new romance. Like "Prisoners
of Hope" and "To Have and To Hold," it
is a Virginian story, but It Is laid in tha
eighteenth instead of the seventeenth cen
tury. The life of Colonial Virginia has
been growing "more rich and picturesque,
*had sold the copyright to Messrs. Black
wood for £8G0: but in consideration of tts
great success they paid her. a second, sum
of £800 the. following year, The book ran
Into five editions within six months of pub
lication and within twelve months 16,000
copies were sold. The fourth edition of
5000 was exhausted in a fortnight. The
frontispiece of the present volume is of
Elizabeth Evans, the original Dinah Mor
ris; and of the other illustrations, a dozen
in all, there are Mrs. Poyser's farm and
the Donnithorne Arms.
We learn that the. "Personal Edition*
of George Eliot's works, which Double
day, Page & Co. have Just published com
plete in a twelve-volume subscription edi
tionris to appear also In another edition
issued one volume a month through the
regular trade. The volume to be imme
diately so published is "Adam Bede," and,
like others of the set, contains much hith
erto unpublished matter. It may be re
called that this masterplece_ of the great
est woman author was first published on
the 1st of February, 1853. George Eliot
There is a short story. "The Point at
Issue," in the April number of Harper's
Magazine, by William Farquhar Payson,
author of "John Vytal." Since the pub
lication of Mr. Payson's hovel the pub
lishers have received a number of letters
expressing satisfaction that Raleigh's lost
colony on Roanoke Island had at length
served as material for the novelist, and
expressing surprise that it had not done
so before in' view of the romantic charm
of the. subject. Mr. Payson is a young
man who has two previous novels to his
credit, but "John Vytal" is his most am
bitious and successful effort.
Little, Brown & Co. have now ready
Richard Le Gallienne's^ new romance,
"The Love Letters of the Kipg," and
"Truth Dexter." by Sidney McCall. These
volumes will be followed early in April
by Mrs. Campbell's striking- new novel,
"Ballantyne," EHls Meredith's "The Mas
ter Knot of Human Fate" and new edi
tions of Mrs. Fawcett's "Life of Queen
Victoria," and Professor "Wells' "Modern
German Literature." j.he new colonial ro
mance by Maud Wilder Goodwin, "Sir
Christopher"— one of the strongest works
that Mrs. Goodwin has written — will ap
pear later in April.
With its issue of April 18 the Youth's
Companion : will enter upon its seventy
fifth year. To celebrate this event the
Companion cf that date will be a double
"seventy-fifth birthday number," contain
ing contributions by Vice President of
the United States Theodore Roosevelt,
Mary. E. .Wilkins, Sarah Barnwell Elliott
and a half-d^ozen ethers. ' To further com
memorate tills anniversary the publishers
have prepared a richly printed souvenir "il
lustrating the growth of the. nation and Of
the Youth's Companion since, the year the
Companion was founded. 1827.
¦Dodd, Mead. & Co. announce for early
publication a novel by Professor W. H.
Venable of Cincinnati, Ohio. It deals with
Aaron Burr's audacious scheme of found
ing an empire in the Southwest, for the
furtherance of which the famous Blenner
hassett expended his whole fortune and
sacrificed his beautiful island home in the
Ohio River. Professor Venable is an ac
knowledged historical authority and in
addition is thoroughly acquainted with all
that portion of the country In which the
scene of the story is lala.
In the ADril Literary Era, William S.
Walsh in his r.hnrt essay, which is a fea
ture : of the magazine, deals this month
with "Critics and Sham," and discusses
In a virile but pleasant and sometimes
humorous way the extent to which criti
cal authority should be acknowledged In
matters of literature. His estimate of
"the heroism of antiouity" — a sort of
fetich to literary critics — may not con
vince them, but the force of Mr. Walsh's
argument is not lessened by the v humor
he writes into it.
John La Farge, the artist,. several years
ago went on a journey through the islands
of the Pacific with Henry Adams, the his
torian. He made many sketches, . which
have been since finished into pictures. Se
lections from his diary of the trip and also
from the pictures which he has made will
appear In the May Scribner's and in the
two succeeding months. ¦ giving glimpses
of Hawaii, Tahiti and Samoa. 1
Literary Notes.
Mr.'C. H. Foster of Alameda has written
a book which should appeal to all those
interested in the study of metaphysics
through the medium of spirit transmis
sion. His volume Js on "The Common-
Sense Philosophy of Spirit or Psychology."
The author g<?es into the matter at some
length and claims to have received all the
thoughts therein expressed from same ens
in the spirit world. He does not pose as a
man. of education, but says that all that
he has to say has come through imprt.-s
.sion.
"In Spite of Foes" Is one of the best of
its author's romances — a book which, once
begun, is difficult to lay down until fin
ished.- Published by the J. B. Lippincott
Company, Philadelphia. Price, $1 25.
Philosophy of Spirit or Psychology.
whirled through the vicissitudes of two
exciting railroad strikes, and, after along
but ultimately successful struggle for a
leading position at the bar in one of the
far Northwestern States, he goes into the
Spanish war at the head of a State regi
ment, and is sent to the Philippines. There
he comports himself as, an American offi
cer should and. after a long illness suc
ceeding a dangerous wound, is brougnc
back to San Francisco, where the villain
of the tale gets his final "come-uppance,^
and the hero finds the reward that a good
hero ought always to receive. './
General King dashes into a. story with
the spirit he would put into a cavalry
eharge. and there is no cessation of action
from cover to cover. His hero usually has
to swim in a sea of trouble, but the author
never dips him so deep that he can't pull
him out. In the abstract everybody but a
mis-anthrope likes to see virtue rewarded
and vice punished.. Unfortunately, this
is not always accomplished in real life,
but it is possible' in fiction, and General
King— a health to him!— closes up his
stories with dispensations of poetic justice
that gladden the hearts of right-minded
readers.
A SACK OF SHAKINGS— By Fran*
T. Bullen. McClure. Phillips & Co., New
York. SL50. "v ;v j
. THE RAILROAD — \ ol. II. Shore
Stories from McClure'jt McClure, Phil
lips & Co.. New York.- 50 cents.
MISTRESS NELL— A Merry Tale of a
Merry Time— By George C. Hazleton Jr.
Charles Scribner's 3ons. New York. $L,V».
ON PETER'S ISLAND— By Arthur R.
Ropes and Mary E. Ropes. Charles
Scribner's Sons. New "York. $1.50.' '
THE DEVIL'S PLOUGH— By Anna.
Farquhar. L. C. Page & Co., Boston
fl.50.
THE FRENCH ACADEMY— Bv Leoa
H. Vincent. Houghton, Mlfflin & Co. Bos
ton." $1.00.
CORNEILLE— By Leon H. Vincent.
Houghton, Mlfflin & Co.. Boston. $1.0tf
MALCOLM THE WATERBOY — By
G. T. Henty. The Mershon Company,
New York. 50 cents.
OLD AGE AND FRIENDSHIP— Cicero
— Cassell's National Library. New York.
In paper, 10 cents.
PETER SCHLEMIHL AND THE
STORY WITHOUT AN END-Casseira
National Library, New York. In paper.
10 cents.
RECOLLECTIONS OF A GEORGIA
LOYALIST— By Elizabeth Lichtenste.'n
Johnson. tM. F. Mansfield & Co., New
York. $1.50.
THE VENGEANCE OF THE MOB-
By Sam A. Hamilton. The Abbey Press,
New York. $1.00.
THE PUPPET CROWN-By Harold
MacGrath. The Bowen-Merrill Company,
Indianapolis. $1.50.
A LANDMARK HISTORY OF NEW
YORK— By Albert Ulmann. D. Appleton
& Co., New York. 51.50.
LYSBETH— By H. Rider Haggard.
Longmans, Green & Co., New York. $1.50.
THE WAYS OF THE SERVICE— By
Frederick Palmer. Charles Scribner's
Sons, New York. ': .''J'//
THE STEPMOTHER— By Mrs. Alex
ander. J. B. LJpplncott Company, Phila
delphia. In paper, 50 cents.
THE MARINEES-Bv Gertrude Potter
Daniels. Jamieson-Hlggins Co., Chicago.
OBSERVATIONS OF HENRY— By Jer
ome K. Jerome. Dodd, Meal & Co.. Nev
York. |L23.
"WEBER AND FIELD'S PICTORIAL
SOUVENIR— With Illustrations by Archla
Gunn. R. H. Russell, New York.
"WHAT IS THE MATTER "WITH* THE
CHURCH— By Frederick Stanl-y Root.
The Abbey Press, New York. $1.00.
- STAGE LYRICS— By Harry B. Smith.
R. H. Russell. New York.
Books Received.
The chapters on the Presidential policy
deal with the administration of Provis
ional Governor Sharkey, the Reconstruc
tion Convention of 1S65, conflicts between
the civil and military authorities and the
status of the f reedmen in 1S63. In suc
ceeding chapters the author discusses the
economic problems of reconstruction, tho
Congressional policy of reconstruction, in
cluding the military administrations of
Generals Slocum, Wood, Ord, Gillem, Mc-
Dowell and Ames: the registration of the
new electorate and the Reconstruction
Convention of 1868; politics in 1867. 185S and
1S.69; the freedmen's bureau, and the re
establishment of civil government in 1S79.
Believing it necessary to an intelligent
judgment of the merits or demerits of
the Congressional policy., the author has
carried this narrative down to the over
throw of the carpet-baggers, an event lo
cally known as the Revolution of 1S73. In
the treatment of the carpet bag period
he discusses In detail the administrations
of Governors Alcorn and Ames, the ex
travagance, the officials, riots and race
conflicts, the Kuklux troubles, educational
reconstruction, the great election cam
paign of 1873, the Impeachment of State
officials and the Democratic reform legis
lation of 1876.
of the peace sentiment, the final collapse
of . the- Confederacy -and the public and
private law status at the conclusion of
peace. . .... . - •
"Reconstruction In Mississippi" is the
title of a work to be published immediate
ly by the Macmillan Company. The au
thor, James Wllford Garner, Ph* M., is a
fellow in political science In Columbia
University and a member of the Missis
sippi Historical Society. The primary
purpose of this book is to give a detailed
and critical study of the actual working
out in Us different phases — political, eco
nomic, social and legal— of the so-called
Presidential and Congressional policies of
reconstruction in . Mississippi. As a sort
of preliminary study the author has de
voted several chapters to the period of
secession and the Civil War, iff^p.hich is
discussed with more or less fullfffcss the
development of the secession Svtf.tlment,
the. leading military campaigns and raids,
the political and economic aspects of the
war, government of occupied territory by
the military commanders, the development
"Kvery One His Own Way," a volume of
short stories of city life and common peo
ple, by Edith Wyatt. Some of these stories
have appeared in McClure's Magazine,
and the editors have received much favor
able comment on them.
"Jack Racer," a novel of adventure by
a new writer, Henry Scmerville.
"Lincoln and Other Poems." verses by
Kdwin Markham. the first collection sines
the publication of "The Man With tho
Hoe."
"Children of the Nations," a study of
colonization by Poultney Bigelow.
"Levers of the Woods," sketches of for
est and wood by W. H. Boardman.
"From a Swedish Homestead," stories
by Selma Lagerlof.
"The Inheritors." a novel of political
and journalistic life In London, by Joseph
Conrad, author cf "Lord Jim."
"Sons of the Sword." a historical novel
of Napoleon's time, by Mrs. "Woods, an
English writer of whom much may be ex
pected. The present novel has received
very high . praise from English critics,
among whom Is Mrs. Humphry Ward.
"Valencia's Garden," a new novel by
Mrs. Schuyler Crowninshield,. author of
"The Archbishop and the Lady," whlctt
the same firm published last fall.
if less strenuous In martial enterprise.
"We are introduced to the stately mansions
that still adorn the banks of the Jame^
River, and to the lively capital of Wll
liamsburg. Typical "ngures in this com
-plex and many characterized story are
the witty Colonel Byrd (second) of "West
over and his daughter Evelyn, the famous
beauty. The orphaned girl, Audrey, whose
name gives the tltla to the book, is, we
are inclined to believe, the most vital ar.l
fascinating pg^onage created by • JIUs
Johnston's imagination. Indeed, this lat
est story reveals everywhere maturity of
observation, joined with a profoundly po
etic interpretation el nature and of hu
man p # assion. Accurate as 13 its rendering
of historic scenes and persons, faithfully
as it records the loveliness of tide-watevr
Virginla, the power of "Audrey" lied in
its appeal to that Instinct for true ro
mance which abides in every unspoiled
heart. It will prove a memorable serial.
During the spring season McClure, Phil
lips & Co. will publish:
"A Sack of Shakings," short stories and
essays of sea life by Frank T. Bullen, who
Is so well known as a master of sea liter
ature through hi3 "Cruise of the Cache
lot" and other notable books.
A volume of short stories by Jack Lon
don, author of "Son of the Wolf." The
present collection of stories deals with the
Northwest and the Klondike, and the
book will probably take the name of the
initial story. "The God of His Fathers."
"Tho Cruise of the Petrel," a novel of
sea life, treating of the period of the war
of 1S12. and dealing largely with the ro
mances and adventures arising from tho
privateering so common at that time. Tha
tale is founded in some part on the re
cords of the logbook of Bear Admiral Jen
kins, the grandfather of the author. T.
Jenkins Hates. Mr. Halns acquired con
siderable fame from his "Windjammers"
and "Mr. Trunnell."
THE SUNDAY CALL.
4
WRITERS
OF BOOKS"Jhe Commuters of ihs ferry / What Contradictions of
Jiuman Nature" v
When the boat lands and the youth of
the ferry has scampered for the cars it is
as though the pulse of boat life was gone.
Presto change— with the 8 o'clock cargo!
Behold the army of the employers!
Prosperous, well dressed and well fed
are my commuters from 8 to 10—profes
sional mefi and bankers, •who do not have
to get to their offices before 9 or 10 o'clock.
The hustle' and bustle Is gone. From 8
to 10 my friends are middle-aged or old—
and settled down in life." ¦
' An experience-taught old gentleman sits
in his accustomed seat with his loins girt
up with. broadcloth and a look of supreme
self-satisfaction on his "face-
He opens his newspaper ¦ and leisurely
lays it on his knee while : he wipes his
glasses.
You can see by his "Japanned nails" that
this is the only manual labor he does dur-
I n^ the day. He thinks out what others
are going to do — and! who!
In place of the 'nervous chap who paced
the deck last trip, there walks one of the
landed gentry, who looks critically over
the bay to see if 'It will do.
As people have more time to think of
their surroundings . they get j critical and
cranky. .With the earlier, boats the main
idea of the. cargo is to "get there," but
from 8 o'clock on we begin to meet the
cranks.
"Who has charge here?" demands the
woman who periodically registers a kick.
"The seats on the back of this boat are
wet and not fit for the passengers to sit
on.- There should be a law against wash
ing the seats during, the hours;of travel."
Inside the boat a life, insurance . man
holds forth. He isa crank on draughts;
He fears a draught as' he would the
The commuters going from San Fran
cisco-at these.hours .have, little of .the
commercial spirit. On some of these boats
the atmosphere of learning is prevalent^.
.University students crossing . • over '¦ to
Berkeley sit. with their eyes glued to their
books and look up ' vacantly • with ¦ their
The commuter, j who has already crossed
once, often recrosses in \ th© evening. ;
The .theater "crowd j returns '.on th© last
boat and the lact boat,' like the last car, Is
always interesting.^ .-.-.'¦-. - > .
And those who miss the last boat! Wit
ness their laces I- :';" - • -
Incurable. He will • complain and live In
Berkeley always. He Is a martyr to the
cause of commutation!
The .commuter on the inside of the gate
Invariably laughs at his friend who gets
left, but It is. a laugh in which mirth is
seasoned with sympathy. He knows that
"ha laughs best who laughs last," and to-
The 6 o'clock boat is the heaviest return
ing boat. The Berkeley carries nearly
2000 people back to the Oakland side on
this trip. The 7 o'clock boat to San Fran-,
Cisco takes the fashionable theater crowd.
. ' At 4 p. m. the morning, crowds begin
to return from San : Francisco to the dor
mitory, side of the bay. The 4 o'clock
boat carries back our old gentleman with
th© "japanned nails," looking not' much
the worse for wear.
' The early afternoon boats take over the
racetrack commuter, who lives in mo
mentary expectation of a fortune. "To
win or not to win"— that 13 the question
with him.
Perhaps he Is wondering where the next
meal is coming from, but you would
never guess* It to hear him talk. You
would think he had never lost a bet when
he begins to tell how to pick the winners.
He keys himself up to success by the
force of his own arguments, and on his
return trip he blames it .all on "bad
form." ' ¦ . J ¦ • '
A .harpist i holds forth on the narrow
gauge boat. He; plays "Take Back Your
Gold," and then passes the bat."
: "Yes, I wijl," answers the tourist, and
straightway forgets his promise in tho
many incidents of the moment.
• And so from thousands in the morning
the 'crowd diminishes to .a few score in
the • middle , of the day. -
"Be, sure and write when you get "to
Denver," calls the friend who goes over
to see the tourist off.»
A few. eastbound, tourists may be seen
with their. valises and long folding tick
ets and their friends who go- over to see
them off.
" They, are easily distinguishable from
the everyday, commuter. '
The commuter* Is at home on the ferry,
but the tourist . looks about mystified.
One tourist asked a commuter if they
sold postage stamps on board the boat.'
Women, who up to. this time have been
in the minority, now practically own the
beats.
"All ashore!" shouts the deckhand.'
"This trip I have to shoo them off the
boat as I would" a bunch of flies, but the
7 o'clock boat— law! they almost over
run me."
By 10:30 ' the ' regular commuters are
landed in San Francisco for the day.
Now and then he swears he will not be
bothered by the fresh air fiends of the
ferry— he will move to the city and cut
out his ferry trip.'
"Now, old man," she said, as she stood
at her post of duty, "If you can find me
any one else besides yourself who wants
this door closed, I'll close It." \., •'.'-:•
"There are a lot or you fresh-air fiends
out at Lone Mountain," he said," shaking
his cane at the cabin passengers.
But one morning he met his match in a
fresh-air fiend, who .stood by the open
door in the rear of the cabin. These
doors are left open for ventilation.
Everybody knows him and his hobby;
and they like to tease him. They throw
the doors open while he walks up and
down ¦ the cabin, hooking them 'closed
with h$ cane.
to keep the doors of the cabin closed, and
when he takes a of coffee downstairs
it is with the understanding that he shall
be near the. stove while he drinks it. ' ¦
trouble ... . . Give me a light, lly
pipo"s gone out. Good-by," __,.-
Aren't they swell? .. . . . Napa. Cal
istoga, Vallejo, Martinez, Santa Rosa. El
Dorado train this way That
new man we've got won't do. No? No,
he ain't got no savvy about him
Ogden and overland trains this way.
. . . . ' . With a bias core run down
the side ... ... . Baggage? Baggage,
madam? . . . • . . Yes, they are very
happy • . . . . It's fine for bunions
and warts; rub it on just before you go
to bed . . . . . Do your children
speak English? Tes. much , better
nor I do. They vos go to the
public school. They understand it
per-f ecMy ...... . I give you the
tip. Tes, you're so full of oil you're spit
ting it. ...... Ha. ha! . . . . .
Buisun,' Davisvllle, Sacramento. Reno.
Ogden and overland trains this way!
"... . . . Write soon and tell me ho a*
you get along. Give iny love to Charley.
Kiss baby for me. The peo
ple in the lower Cat are quiet. Yon get
the key at the grocery^*. . J . ' . Ha
cam© In th© store abeut noon, but I didn't
let on I saw him. . . . . . It's a quiet
life for an old man and we are all get
ting along, you know . . . . . Sh<»
takes complexion tablets I
telephoned him that the parties had been
to supper. and we'd'like to have him Join
us and ¦ make a party of four .....
. As I told my husband, 'Georg©,* sez T,
them children Is perfect devils'— them's
the very words I said Pretty
hard to get a Job like that
My black silk trimmed with Insertion
. . '. '. . That's Jim— but th<*re ar<* a
lot of fellows worse than Jim Fredericks
. . . . . You can't get them here Ilk©
you can up in ..... . Yes, she's a
pretty old lady— about 73 years— and she
married a young blacksmith from , . .
; . Who was that peach you Introduced
me to on the 7:30 this morning? Sayt Well,
Eh 9 Is all ..... Bunkoed again!
Fifteen hundred dollars Invested and I get
.' .. . . . Man alive! Get a piece of real
estate. Work it up and .make oil com© out
of it ... . . An examination In Eng
lish and one In French to-morrow . . .
. .'. You don't. need an office if you can
get tha Investment money. Easy— easy 1
. . . ... Painted sreen to the . bilge- .
. . . .He happened to be a friend of
that woman's A fellow gets
so lonely over in Alameda , • . '. . .
•With an accordeon plaited rufile ...
. . Good-by; see you to-morrow . .
,. . .If you mix , the .: batter well and
then put in your raisins you'll have no
Falls from th« wings of night."
And the stunts of the commuters are over.
Th© show is out. *
"He was th© last man out of the bnlldins
and when he locked up me iron door he
heard a scream inside, so he went back.
He went up to the second story and he
didn't find nothing 1 there: he went up to
the third story and he didn't find nothing
there! neither: then he went up to th©
fourth story and ..... We always
eat butter on ours Oakland
this way . ... . But he ought to
have" got more money for It .....
It began by a little pimple on th© end of
his finger Came over on the
10 boat to-day, perfectly lovely!
I wonder what got Scotch John on the
bum. Didn't he Join the union? No! No?
.... . . Got some of th© darllngest
samples to-day. ..... They're afraid
It will run into consumption . . . . .
Bee those gloves; paid $2 50 for them.
"The day is done and tho darkae«
Here are bits from ths cc
the commuters taken when
The commuters have named some of
their seagull friends. Some commuters
take bread with them every day and their
role on the ferry 13 to throw bits of
bread Into the air and bet on whether
McKlnley or Bryan, or Cleveland or Agui
naldo, or Queen Victoria, "or David Haruxn
¦will get It-
The seagulls take life rationally. They
follow the ferry over and rest a trip,
perched f>n their pier, pluming 1 their
wings and coo'ng— then they follow th©
next boat back. •:?
Many have their regular seats, -where
they have sat for years, and if their reg
ular seats are taken they are thrown out
of gear for the rest of the day.
An old fellow who looks as If he had
just stepped out of one of Dickens' books
used to hurry past every body on the
ferry to get his accustomed seat.
One morning he found a number of mis
chievous university boys sitting: calmly
there. They had to run to set ahead of
the old man.
This race for th© seat continued for sev
eral days. Finally th© old man fidgeted
about eo uneasily that the boys gave up
the place by a unanimous vote and the
old man immediately took it and looked
happy once more.
There Is a "cult" of commnters who bay
no tickets and pay no. fares. The fea
gulla travel back and forth an day, cir
cling 1 around tbe ferry boats with, an
abandon that contrasts strongly with th©
stunts of the commuters. Their Btunt la
to purposely miss a boat.
"Wonder If it Is going to be rough rolns
over?"
"Outside?" . '
"Insider*
"In?"
"Out?"
This seems to be a universal stunt tor
the commuters.
"Let's sit outside and inhale the fresh
air. It's the only, chance w© have during
"Oh. our place Is taken."
"In or out— which?"
On the Oakland side It Is different. Th©
trains take the passengers right to the
pier. They wait In the depot for th© boat
to land and discharge its eastbound cargo.
then the iron gate is opened and they file,
in, chatting leisurely, y
*And this is the burden of their talk:
"Shall we sit inside or outside?"
"I don't care."
"Well, then let's sit outside,"
"Isn't it too cold?"
"Well, then let's sit lnsld©."
"Foggy, isn't it?"
"Hadn't we better sit Insider
morrow night th© laugher himself may
be late.
These last-minute men for five minutes
before time to go home to the vernal side
of the .bay. keep their eyes on the ferry
clock and compare it with their watches.
Three minutes of 6 at the ferry means
loads of time. The man who has three
minutes to spare Is glutted with time.
Two minutes of 6 means time enough.
But one minute of 6 — no time to spare,
for the ferry clock jumps a minute at a
move.
"Think I'll get the boat?" said a breath
less commuter headed for the ferry.
"Well," said the old commuter, who had.
slowed up, "if you run as you are running
now you will be two minutes' late, but If
you run just as fast as you can you'll be
one minute late."
The early boats are redundant with
ycuth. The conversation of the youth is
permeated with levity and want of
thought, with random resolves. Incrim
inating Judgments against its fellow man
-tfven for tlie wit they contain. ___,_
In the cabin these early boats look as
though a reading school had been* estab
lished on board. . The newspaper fiend
reigns and he reads just certain parts of
the newspaper on his trip.
On one boat three old sports do the pac
ing stunt. One of the three for years has
been out of step. It has become a habit
with him and he accepts It as such and
never tries to change.
This eternal pacing of the deck makes
another "cult" of commuters— the nervous
kicker— "just about crazy."
One "cult" of commuters are known as
the deck pacers. I wonder if they ever
dream how far they have walked in the
years they have crossed the bay? Every
boat has its delegation that walks back
and forth and forth and back across the
deck all the way coming over the bay.
One of those who do the restaurant
Ftunt every morning dreamed that the
doughnuts he had eaten linked them
selves into a chain that chained him to
his bed. Figuring it up. he found that at
the rate of two sinkers per day 6lx dayu
in the week in four years he had eaten
over 2400 sinkers. He could not eat th<j
two thousand four hundred and first,' eo
now he has to learn a new stunt.
He had taken enough brown paint called
coffee to paint his house.
"Becky Sharp" is a girl who has been
reading "Vanity Fair'.' on the ferry-boat
for months. It was not always thus with
Eeeky. She used to have a sweetheart
who was ever by her side, but they had
a row and now he lakes an earlier boat.
These early boats carry the great army
of the employed, that must be on time at
their work. Great consternation reigns
on board if the fog looks ominous and the
boat goes 6lowly.
These early boats carry the man who
woke by his alarm clock and got up and
dressed in seven minutes. His stunt 1»
to climb a stool In the restaurant on board
and the waiter does the rest.
The waiter glances at him and returns
with coffee and Blnkers.
"The Sure Thing" is a promoter who
says "Sure!" to everything his opponent
says and then brings in an argument that
goes him one better.
One girl Is a my?tery. She gets her
ticket punched every day and goes back
uptown again. Sometimes a fine-looking
young man pays 10 cents for a ticket on
the ferry to see her safely on the boat.
Then he bows and gets off. Just before
the ferry-boat starts she also gets off.
"The Nosegay" Is a man who always
carries a little bunch of flowers tied to
his left little finger.
"The Heax-enly Twins" are two girls
who always sit together and argue with
one another on everything, even to their
gloves.
It is said that the color of her eyes
has never been seen by her fellow com
muters. When she awakes, shamefaced,
she casts down her eyes. She is called
"The Sleeping Beauty."
One of the captain? eays that from hte
pilot-house he watches many a gradual
flirtation, then he misses the girl and finds
on Inquiry that th* flirtation has devel
oped seriously and elided in marriage.
Some of the commuters are given nick
names by virtue of their different stunts.
There is a girl on one of the early boats
•who falls asleep the moment she takes her
seat.
A glance of recognition Is the next step.
The following trip he tips his hat and
then the lone man and lone girl Eit to
gether.
Enter the boat a single girl and a sin
gle man. (Single here meaning alone, for
the ferrv commuters as a rule know
nothing of one another personally.) - -
The single girl and single man sit alone.
Others are chatting. Why not they? But
the well-bred commuter knows that It
takes time, so he •waits. He knows that
she must get used to seeing him sitting
aloof reading his newspaper perhaps
turned upside down.
Now petticoats begin to flaunt in. Neat,
trim and prim are the marks of feminin
ity on these early boats. But an observ
ing commuter says tbit they are some
times not above a harmless flirtation
He describes the nrocess as follows and
says it takes as a rule two weeks for Its
consummation.
When the deckhand shouted "All
ashore!" he rubbed :iis eyes, aicked up
his shovel and slowlv Fhambled off the
boat.
From the 6:S0 to th; 7:45 are the heavics*
boats— to use a railroad term.
The upper deck and cabin were empty.
Such human freieht as ihe boat carried
was downstairs and la the hold of the
boat. Some In the lunch-room ¦were de
vouring coffee and sinkers in silence.
A few stragglers lay sleeping around the
boiler In the center of the boat.
One man lay pillowed on his shovel, hi3
pitiful upturned face a silent protest
against the unearthllnpss of the hour. He
showed even in his sieeo that alertness
bred by "Look out for the cars, there'."
"Get out of the v.-ay! TMn't you hear my
bicycle bell?"
On this particular morning darkness pre
vailed on the boat. Tnside the lights were
lit and the fog whistle's dismal "toot,
toot." made it seem like a phantom trip
In some half-forg-otten dream.
The boat leaving Oakland at 5:30 in the
morning Is slways almost empty. Those
who take this boat must get up about
4:30.
bay have been presented the palm
by universal acclamation for being the
finest in the world, any one who has spent
a day with the commuters will also grant
the ferry the palm 'or being the most
democratic carryall in existence.
ONE day I crossed the bay at dlffir
ent hours to observe the stunts
given by tho different sets.
Whereas the lerrv-boats of our
The funniest stunt, of all is th© on© per
formed by the commuter who misses his
boat. He Invariably swears that • he ia
going to move to San Francisco.
"All aboard!" shouts the gatekeeper
and he slams the Iron gate In the face of
the commuter.
The gatekeeper toddles to his office with
the Indifference of a Judge of the Spanish
Inquisition. The commuter who Is a quar
ter of a second late watches him blankly,
as though words were too weak to utter
his thoughts.
The commuter must wait half an hour.
It is a time when a quarter of a second
means half an hour.
An expurgated edition of his talk might
lead one. to believe that he was going to
move to San Francisco the very next day.
But he doesn't! He is five minutes early
the next night— that is all.
During his half-hour of waiting th©
commuter will tell you what a dull place
Oakland is; how lacking it is In amuse
ments of all kinds.
He will tell you that San Francisco Ib
the only city around the bay to live In,
etc., but he will buy his commutation
ticket at the end of the month Just as he
has done for th© months in the past that
have -welded themsslves into years.
If h© be a commuter from Berkeley h©
will tell you that it takes two hours out
of his day to live there. He will even
figure these hours up Into days and tell
you how many . months he has spent on
th© ferry-boats.
But he has the commutation habit
>ooted In bis nature and ha treats it as
Here is a gentleman of the cloth, a
Methodist preacher, whose mania Is sav
ing souls. He sits cm the lower deck in
order to witness the depravity of man
kind.
Outside the globe-trotter raves about
the Golden Gate— his exit to the Orient—
and the silent commuter sits and listens.
He never raves about anything. For ten,
twenty, thirty years he has crossed the
bay each day till he has become a regular
machine and cares not nor notices the
beautiful sunsets nor the Golden Gate.
The democratic ferry asks no questions,
but huddles together the millionaire and
the pauper, the high-toned crank and the
hard-working laborer, the Ignorant over
land emigrant and the Berkeley professor.
Here sits the poor man of large family,
who wonders In vain where he can cut
down expenses.
Beside him sits the stallfed lady of
fashion, who has absorbed -more dollars
on her beautiful gown thaAhe has ever
seen at one time. : ¦
Sometimes a tug: must be hired. The
stolid-faced gatekeeper points down the
wharf in the direction of the tugs. It is
an every night occurrence ¦with him. He
offers a business suggestion, but no sym-.
pathy. .
The types on the last \ boat may bo
classed as the returning pleasure-seeker,
the man who tries to think up an excuse
for h}s tardiness and the legitimate who
has toiled over his accounts and still has
not struck a balance.
In one corner Mrs. Caudle scolds her
husband. She met him with another
woman at the ferry. The other woman
wore a huge bunch of violets. These
violets seem to be the bone of contention.
Hubby says he did not buy the violets and
that wifey insulted the lady, for the poor
violets will, now be strewn over the floor
of the ferry depot.
The commuters of the ferry! "What con
tradictions of human nature, what com
edies, what tragedies, what romances,
what follies— what sermons could be
woven from this human stream, forty
thousand strong, which, actuated by busi
ness and pleasure, cross the-bay every day
with as much regularity as the tides of
the bay that ebb and flow.
Verily theyferry Is the most democratic
thing we have with us!
The ferry recognizes no class distinc
tion. It has no Pullman departments. If
you have 10 cents or a commutation ticket
to punch you are entitled to any place on
the boat
thoughts on Ancient Greece.
plague. He pays the deck hands 10 cents
THE SUNDAY CAMi^
COMMUTERS AND THEIR
VARIOUS "STUNTS"
IS&BEL
5regulars. The mines are shutMner ddwn.
The water works* have, been destroyed at
the river by the Boars' and we are on an
allowance at present.
The De Boers Companv, are doing the
thing properly and ire raising 1000 mount
ed met! trt oh tfloemfontein whpn
the regulars come up in numbers and thnt
will be in a very short time. The Da
Beers Company have built a conning toW
er at an enormous height. on their new
head gear by the big compound and the
imperial officers are. uo there day and
night signaling with Hags and helio
graph. The companv has also what are
called hooters Instead of- whistles, and
they can hoot enough lo raise the dead.
On the eleventh cf this month on the first
approach of the Boers ihe alarm was giv
en at T o'clock In the.morningr. and there
was hell to nay all that nlsht (or morn
ing). Everybody was in a panic and we
had a lively time of it. It appears that a
false alarm was. arranged for' that time
but the public generally did not know it.
About 2:30 the Boers <iDDeared In the dis
tance and there was another blast. The
danger signal -Is flying constantly 'now
from all the different points and every one
is on the "qui vive."
Business, of course,, is at a standstill,
and likely to be for some time. The groc
ers, on account of ch'; siege, raised their
prices to a point that placed the necessar
ies beyond the reach cf the ordinary man,
but the military authorities (we are under
martial law now) promptly, had them
brought back to the normal prices.
Paraflin oil went from 17s to ."£3 2s 6d,
and people who bought in (to make a
corner) at 40s a case aad expected to sell
it at" £5 feel sore now. You can buy It at
17s, but the authorities have limited the
quantity to be sold to Individuals.- ' .
We had a large shipment of furniture
just before the siege.-that arrived In P. E.
and I advised Collins to wire to have It
put in bond Just in time, or it may hav«»
been knocking about the veldUnow. .
The Colonial Boers. are on the job and
the v/hole country, as .far as we can learn,
is in a state of Insurrection. "I don't know
•when this letter will reach you, as we
may not have the postal arrangements in
order for months. ¦ I ltrow you are in
terested In Kimberley and I will add to
this letter from time to time and when
you get. this I shall b* pleased to hear
from you. Sydney Richards is here and
says Mr. yogi is sticking to Johannesburg:
Gussle Bonas went to Cape Town with
the Diamond s "syndicate . and * is stucs
there. .-•*•. ,
. October 26.— We had a couple of battles
lately with the Boern, and in the last
one killed their commandant and bet ween
twenty, and thirty Boers, only six ' miles
from Kimberley. , Our water supply will
only last about three weeks longer as
things are. but' we' have had good' rains
and all the tanks are full. Our loss so far
has been five killed and eleven wounded.
There, are about 600. or 700 'Boers about
here, but we have them. In sight and; will
deal with triem before long. .~ •-.:.¦
v November ' 2.— Still '] in a state of siege.'
Two cr three days ago a party of our
patrol went out- and were shelled,* but the
shells fell 300 yards short. The Boers have
us properly, . and provisions i are getting
short.' ., — ""-'¦—- --.'- -—-"-.- :¦"—^ ; -
Under the martial law the supplies are
all regulated" by < the commanding officer.
Colonel Kekewich, and- he is the. boss of
the show at present?
Rhodes is still here and living at the
sanatorium, up near Cutrey's house. This
building has a platform on the roof and
commands a view of the whole country
on air sides.
All the camps and conning towers are
connected v/Ith telephones.
The Public Gardens are barracks; in
fact, the whole place is my idea of a be
sieged town. We have ¦ had communica
tion with the outside world by means' of
dispatch riders lately, but now evep this
is stonped and we xio not expect "to get
any more news for some weeks.. •
The sanitary wagons " and' oxen have
been captured by the Boers, but we have
made another plan. Wpsselton . : mine,
which contains an unlimited supply of
pure water, is connected with our system
and we have_ no fear of running out of
water. ' ' . . :
November 7.— The ball has opened. We
afe surrounded and the shells have been
flying into Kimberley by the dozen "this
morning, but landed' principally ' in soft
ground In Newton and did no damage.
One dropped In Bulfonteln road and
another in Jones street.- ¦ Weexoeqt to
have four Boer batteries playing on us
thi3 afternoon. They have " long-rang?
guns and are out of sisht. but peem ! to
have our ranere all right.' Rhodes passed
the store a few minutes ago and he looks
twenty years older, than when you last
sawhlm; •, *** ¦ . :.
- The stores are all open and .. everybody
Is calm and goes about work in the
regular way. Shells passed on both sides
of Collins' house just now, and it is get
ting very warm. There is no excitement
and you 'would not'know war was on but
for the boom, of guns and the martial
aspect of the place.. • . ' •;
We have very few good guns, but if.the
Boers will only oblige us by coming
within range there will',, be some funerals
on their side. Little we thought when in
the old "Handy Housg". years ago that
Kimberley" would ever be shelled by the
Boers. Kimberley is pretty certain to be
a military - station after this business is
over. I. am perhaps a" little premature,
but I have no doubt as to the issue. An
other big gun' fired. I expect to get orders
to close up soon. ¦ This Is written July 11,
1899, between 1 and 2 o'clock'. ¦ -
November 11, . 1 p. m.—Shellinjf, com
menced this morning again about 5:30. Be
tween forty > and fifty shells were landed
in here. A lot fell at the reservoir fort;
five in the, Kimb'erley mine; one struck
Fisher's old bakery on , Barry ' street: an
other the Gresham bar (formerly Bayllss")
the next in front of the Presbyjerian
church; another in front of the convent,
which knocked a Kaffir woman's headonT.'
Tnis last one was a very pbwerfulone and
the pieces rained on the Baptist church
and Schuler's house. •. V^
' Up to the^ "present time we have only
lost about seven men and perhaps twelve
or , fifteen wounded. ; The shell • that
struck the > "Gresham" went through the
roof and ceiling and burst in the bar," de
molishing . the ;. whole - show. ". Nearly . thie
whole ; town .visited the . place" this • morn
¦.. "' . ¦* - '. '¦ . « .'¦ -"- .
THE wife of Colonel Liscum. "who was
killed in the .famous charge of the
Ninth Infantry at Tientsin, is really
responsible" for. the title of Frederick
Palmer's' "The Ways of the Service"
which "the Scribners will publish early in
April. A false report thaVLiscuin Had led
his regiment into an impossible position,
had • been circulated. After Palmer's * re
turn from the relief of Peking, Mrs. Lis
cum's card was sent up to his room at the
Nagasaki Hotel. : •
_ • _'jWell, It's' hardly a pleasant task," ; he
said to a friend (an officer), "to tell as de
voted a wife as Mrs. Liscum how her hus
band waa killed."
"Oh she will be a good 'deal cooler than
you are,", was .the response. "/"It's not the
way of the women of the service to weep
on an occasion like that. They keep their
tears for their rooms." ,
Mrs. Liscum's grief-stricken face told
what she had suffered. Though her voice
was quavering 'she was composed and her
eyes were dry.
"Your husband's conduct could not have
been more courageous." His death was such
as a soldier would have chosen," 'Palmer
began. * s* '.
!'Of course he was brave." she replied.
"That is taken for granted with an officer
of ¦ tba regular service. What I camo
ashore from the transport to ask yon !» If
my husband, who has been in the army
from boyhood, took men Into a flank flre."
, Palmer told her how he had heard a
British general assign her husband to a
veritable slaughter pen, and he mada
plans of the field showing her how coolly
and scientifically the colonel had set about
extricating himself when he felL
- "I knew it was impossible. General Mac-
Arthur said it was," she replied. "But he
was not there and you were. I wanted the
iacts. I knew that they would show that
my , husband had never led his regiment
into a oil de sac."
And then tears of pride glistened la Mrs.
LJscum'3 eyes. »
MRS. LISCUM WANTED NO PITY, BUT MERELY TO
BE TOLD OF HER HUSBAND'S BRAVERY.
, ing, and Brown, the^ proprietor, did a' big
busincco. 'l?he cannons have commenced
•again. . •
Wednesday, November 15. —5 Fairly
quiet up to yesterday, when our friends
sent us another joblot -of shells. It start
ed just at 1 o'clock. The first one burst
in front of Joe Bodley's tobacconist shop.'
The next went through St. Cyprian'
Church, . another at the back of Hill &
'Paddon's, - next one. in the store room of
the Queen's Hotel, where it killed two cats
and disturbed groceries and crockery all
over -the place. . ¦ '•'
• We had one close to " ua. It . fell In
Harvey's studio and made an awful mess
of the place. '.There have been many
miraculous escapes, but no deaths front
them so far. It -was a strange coined
dence that when the one exploded in
front of Bodley's, Rhodes was only about
' fifty .yards away, in a cab.
It is getting very warm: about here, and
* we are expecting another fusillade soon."
We had a big dose this morning between
5 and 6 o'clock. ; One shell dropped into
Mr. O'Leary's yard on Sydney street.
- Thursday, November . 16. — The shelling
¦""commenced at 5:30 this mofnlng and con
tinued for half an hour from three points.
No damage from the snells. A party of
about 900 of our' mounted, men went out
at 3 o'clock this' morning and* engaged the
enemy. We lost threa or four men and
had nine ' wounded, among them Major
Peaicman, shot through the 'thigh, and
Alfred Millborrow, struck in the funny
' bone with a piece of shell. . „ . .
We have \ been besieged for over* a
month now,' and there ar^ no, signs of
help arriving. The coin is getting short
and De Beers can't pay their tneh in the
.regular way. The majority will ¦ have to
wait a month. There Is plenty of coin,
but it has' found its way into other chan
nels and no fresh supply.ls forthcoming.
The mines are 'not working at all. . Ev
ery inch of Kimberley Is fortified. This
place has a. 'circumference of about
* twelve miles, i ' We ! are : not "wasting any
ammunition, and to tell . vou my ' opinion,
I don't think we can afford The lat
est is that the military have called in all
'the meal, flour, sugar and rice, and it is
stored in Hill & Paddon's.
* -¦] Nobody lights ; any lamps in the . night.
Fancy the Centrar bar with only one
Among the products of this siege are:
First— The "romancer," who knows every
thing that is going on and elaborates and
embellishes' every 'tit-bit he hears. Sec
ond—The alarmist, who spreads the report
An incessant fire was kept up for over
two hours, and somebody must have been
hurt. As the Boers get the ~D. F. (Ad
vertiser) every dav the news is sup
pressed, as the censor regulates the out
put of printed news we know nothing ex
cept what is in everybody's mouth.- "-. '
- Joe Bodley was shot through the. leg.
but I believe there were no others wound
ed on our side. .Perhaps an unknown
numbeVof Boers were killed and wounded
but we don't know anything about their
losses.
Saturday, November 18.— Yesterday af
ternoon we sent out about 1500 mounted
men to the other side of Beaconsfleld to
engage the enemy, and they had a duel
at long range..
Yesterday was the thirty-third day
since railway and telegraphic communica
tion was cut off, and the shells 'whistling
and bursting within a few yarus of us in
Dutoitspan Road, has, to say the least,
a demoralizing effect on our nerves. You
hear them come whistling toward you and
have no idea where they will strike till
they burst and send a hail of iron all over
the roofs. The Boers commenced firing
again to-day at 12 o'clock but did not do
much damage. . , •¦ '¦*¦''•¦ V
I wish some of our Cape Town friends,
who appear to think because we have
taken our siege philosophically that a
siege is rather an agreeable experience
than otherwise could change places with
us for a day or two. . £
Friday, November 17.— Our latest Cape
Town advices were dated November 8. We
last heard from Mafeking on the 31st of
October. "What a multitude of interesting
events may have happened during that in
terval. Mafeking has no doubt had more
fighting, but you probably know more
about it than we do.
candle alight at 8 last evening. No drink
to be -sold to natives. All bars closed
and all- who are non-combatants to
be In the house at 9 o'clock. The Boers
are all around In thousandst^and we ex
pect another dose of shells. soon. It will
be as dull as ditch water when the siege
is over.
ims galore, as well as the suns of the"
W"S are falrlv in the thick of it
and have had all communica
tion cut off for over- a week.
The wires are cut and the line
pulled up In both directions aiul
Boers !n ev<*r direction. The O. F.
S. have formally declared Griqualand
West part of the O. IV S. and have
hoisted their flag at Riverton, WindBor
ton, Klipdam, etc., and at all the stations'
from Vryburg to the Modder River. The
latter bridge has been destroyed and we"
are waiting for them to come and taka
Kimberley. When they comxTlhey will
receive some surprise packets that they,
never dreamt of.
We have a force of about 4000 armeJ
men here, including about ¦ 650 regulars
(Lane Rifles and Artillery), Iot3 of ammu
nition and Lee Metfords; about twecty
four seven-pounders of our own and Max-
SARAH COMSTOCK.
"The Bders have mounted ten
big guns about the town and we
daily expect a bombardment that
zvill make us tired of living."
And because General French and
his "merry men" bring relief, it'
comes out all right in the end. as
everybody knows. But "the siege
lasted 124 days and we have all
had enough to last a lifetime."
"We are ahvays hungry noiv."
"It is pitiful to see men, women
and children waiting their turn for
their quantum of meat in the morn
ing — four ounces > per day for
adults and tzvo for children; two
thirds of that is bone." I
"The water supply is only on
tdco hours per day and the gardens
By the 13th matters are des
perate. "A deep gloom is cast ever
the place." Then all the miserable
details of slow suffering. Food
rises to impossible prices and gives
out. In its absence disease sets in,
the miserable, slow forms of disease
that follow in the zvake of zvar and
slay strong men and render no
glory in the death. Lord Methuen
only a dozen' miles away and yet
day since the big fire in the mine,
he writes, and he goes on to describe
the funerals of twenty-one men, for
which even the mineral water,
wagons had to be used as hearses.
"Worse and more of it" on De
cembcr.ii.
Monday, November 20.— The Boers are
still with us and are preparing: to bom
bard from all sides. I expect, from what
I hear, that we will have it hot at day
break to-morrow. I am anxious to get
some pieces of shell, but not in my body,
to send to my friends. If I can get some
gocd specimens I will forward you a piece,
also some to our friends, S. G. & Co., as I
know they as well as you are interested in
the fate of Kimberley. Tou can show them
this letter If .they would care to read it.
Seventy-five per cent of our Jewish pop-
Sunday passed quietly, barring a heavy
thunder storm. The Boers bave sent la
several ultimatums within the last few
weeks to the effect that if we don't sur
render within twenty-four hours they will
shell the town. They have sent In already
a large quantity, but they consider them
"flukes," as they say those shots were In
tended for the fort3 and redoubts, but If
that was the case they had better aim at
the town in future and they may hit our
fortifications, which would be preferable
to having them land in Dutoltspan Road.
People are getting "ratty"^ and are be
ginning to see "things." Verily we have
fallen on grievous times and "we don't
knew what minute will be our next," Con
fusion to the enemy, but ¦who ar© they?
A question I will leave to you to answer at
your leisure. Verb, sat saplentl.
He stopped about there till they brought
the ambulance and took the woman who
was killed away. This shows the amount
of liars that have cropped up since the
siege commenced.
When our boys wf-re out on Thursday
morning- a shell dropped near a crowd, anil
the fellows immediately dropped off their
horses to get pieces of the shell as sou
venirs. This was in the midst of a heavy
fire of artillery and rifle fire, and shows
you how cool they can be under such cir
cumstances. "When the shell dropped In
front of the Catholic church at 5:40 In the
morning there should have been about 600
people killed. Every man you speak to
says he was there. My second son. Dud
ley, slipped out of bed at 5:30 and was in
front of the Baptist church, where It ex
ploded, and said thsre were very few peo
ple in sight.
that the Boers are 10,000 strong, and have
half a dozen forty-pounders ready to play
on Kimberley to-morrow, - and that 200
wagons of ammunition have arrived for
the Boers from tha Free State. Third—
The man who ha3 just come over fro»a
the Boer lines, but in reality has not bean
out of Kimberley. Fourth — The damned
liar, who saw one of our sheila enter the
mouth of one of the Boer'a .cannons three
miles off. He . saw it with glasses, and
don't you forget It! The fifth, sixth, sev
enth, etc., class have seen our relief. 6000
to 10,000 men, fighting their way up from
Modder River.
experience couldn't be bought of
him for love or money.
On through November, while the
Boers are sending in their ulti
mata, there is still plenty of cour
age, but Us varnish of flippancy
begins to rub off. Shells are. fall
ing faster and nearer by this time.
By the last day of November all
but the courage is gone. The jokes,
the eagerness, the hope — all are for
gotfen. The 29th is the blackest
cause we have taken our siege phil
osophically that a siege is rather an
agreeable experience than otherwise
could cliange places with us for a
day or two." But there is a chuckle
of delight up his sleeve as he writes
it, and you are still sure that tlie
Then, November 7, "the ball has
opened." TItat promises to give a
sip to things, and it is with some
disappointment that he records the
tame fact that "the stores are open
and everybody is calm and goes
about work in the regular way." He
adds, "There is no excitement, and
you would not know war "was on
but for the boom of guns and the
martial aspect of Hie place." Then
with the eagerness of the small boy
again, "We have very few good
guns, but if the Boers zvill only
oblige us by coming within range
there <viil.be some funerals on their
side." Not with brutality, but with
the tingling pride of warfare he
records later several men killed and
wounded on the English side, end
tells how Major Peghnan was shot
through the thigh and Alfred Mill
borrow was struck in the funny
bone.
"I wish some of our Cape Town
friends who appear to think be-
receive some surprise packets they
never dreamt of," he writes. If is
a great joke to think of the recep
tion in store for them.
The symptoms of siege interest
him hugely. He enjoys telling the
news of the destruction of the water
works and the allowance that the
Kimberlcyitcs arc living on. Such
hardships arc great fun what they
are new and when one knows that
tliey will not last. They zvill make
fine tales to tell in the future. And
to think of the surprise packets
awaiting the Boers!
The hooters are interesting, too.
Tlie danger signals, the advance in
prices — all have their picturesque
"JVhcn the Boers come they will
TH/S is the diary of a San
Francisco man zvho lived
through the 124-day siege of Kim
berley as one of the besieged.
It is a changeful story to folluzv.
See how it swings off in the begin
ning — brave and jolly and hopeful
for the best. Little by little as the
pages advance the despair creeps in
and at last there is no hope ut all
left.
His heart is good at the first;
that shows on the surface of things.
He is wide awake and interested in
the warfare that is beginning
around him — as much so as a boy
might be in so"me nczu game that is
hot and merry.
THE SUNDAY CALL.
jufe.
6
ONE HUNDRED AND TWENTY
KIMBERLEYTHE SUNDAY CALK
I wo»M send you a piece of Boer shell
as a " relic, . but Jack says he has been
asked to take about three tons of them
home by friends. He will perhaps show
you some samples. He is leaving to-mor
row, bo I must close. With best regards
to yourself and Zlra. Lyo'n. ' I remain,
yours faithfully.
G. H. Bonus has come back from Cap*
Town, but I have not seen him 'yet. A
considerable number of Kimberley people
are on their . way home, among them
Montague, late of H. & H., also Jack
Hyam, who will give you this letter. .
Well, the shelling went on until the 15th.
when General French and his merry mea
arrived and relieved us. The Boers at that
time had all cleared off, and there was
great rejoicing in town. The siege lasted
124 days, and we have all had enough, to
last a lifetime. . *
You remember the fire there In 18S3;
when Store Bros., Salmon and others irer*
burned out?
Store Bros., on one side, and th» Good
Templars on the other were saved, but It
was touch and go with both of them, as
they were on fire* at one time.
I forgot to tell you that a shell struck
Cuthbert's at about 6 o'clock Thursday
evening, set the place on fire and totally
destroyed the stock and premises.
Not me. I stayed at home and risked It.
We live just around the corner from what
was formerly known as Lowenthal's
chambers, and I can assure you It was hot
in that locality.
foot levels.
All is quiet Sunday with the exception
of great activity in makir.gr bombproof
shelters by the De Beers Company at tha
back of the Savoy Hotel and other places.
The company offered the Kimberley and
De Beers mines as shelters, and many
hundreds availed themselves of the privi
lege and went down to the 1200 and 1200
Sunday, February 4.— Yesterday and
last night "took the cake." The shelling
commenced In the morning, left off at
midday and recommenced about 4 o'clock,
and I can assure you we had a night of
terror. They kept it up until 11:20 p. m.,
and we sat up. until 1 o'clock, expecting a
•¦good-night" shot. The Boers are very
religious and do not fire on Sunday.
was killed at tne urana jmwi while dress
ing to go out. The "irony of frfte."
He was the man that designed and su
perintended the construction of "Long
Cecil," and It was the only gun that could
throw a shot near the Boer position. By
the way, I forgot to tell you that the 100
pounder Is on the tailing heap at Kam
fersdam mine. It is a disappearing gun
with the latest mechanism.
The commander of the Light Horse," Col
onel Scott Turner, was among the killed
and his body and also that of Lieutenant
Wright were on gun carriages. The Boers
have assembled In large numbers at
Bcholz's Neck to meet the relief column
coming up. They buried three more of
our dead this j morning and brought In
nine more bodies off the field. We have
between forty and fifty wounded In the
hospital.
Our mounted men and artillery, etc.,
¦went out to meet the enemy on Tuesday
and It was a fearful disaster for us. Yes
terday the funerals of twenty-one men
took place and It was a sight seldom seen
In Kimberley. The crowd was enormous.
Most of the mineral water wagons are
in the ambulance service and they con
tained each two or three coffins. -
Thursday, November SO. — Testerday was
the blackest day we - have seen In j Kim
berley since the big fire in De Beers' mine
inlSSS.
You will perhaps have read the Boer
commanderfs Invitation to us to surren
der, dated November 16, and Colonel Keke
wlck's reply "To come and take us." If
they do come they will never forget Kim
berley to their dying day. We have the
etanchest crowd you can imagine and
every man Is game to go out and meet'
the enemy on open veldt. ,
armed men, plenty of ammunition and
food to last at least two months longer.
"We will have some hot fighting to-morrow
or the next day.
ulatlon have turned out as Town Guards'
and are manning the forts night and day
armed to the teeth with Lee-Metfords and
enduring the exposure and privations like
veterans.
The rations are not first class, but our
men as a rule accept the situation and
there is very little gTumbling. Our only
Unrnoy (Harris) is as lively as a cricket
and is dashing about all day on his bicy
cle as a dispp.tch rider. He has found his
vocation at last.
Saturday, November 5. — The ball opened
again with a vengeance 1 this morning
ii!.»out 5 o'clock. About 1500 of our mount
t<l n:en, Cap« Police. Light Horse
tTthodes' Corps) and D. F. Horse went
out in two sections, one lot from Newton
and the other from the end of Transvaal
lioad. on information received last night
that Doers were advancing.
The engagement took place tWs side of
the Lazaretto. You know the end of what
was known as Victoria Road. Our men
were wounded to the extent of about
twenty and four were killed. The whole
of the remaining troops came back about
S o'clock and plenty of the horses and uni
forms of the soldiers were covered with
blood and the men were cheered lustily as
they came down Jones street en route to
the camp. -*;'"
They captured about thirty-five Boer
prisoners and a more God-forsaken, half
eturved, unkempt looking lot you could
not lznagina. They are fine samples of the
lowest class of "Bywooners" and It is hu
miliating to think that this sort of crea
ture la trying to starve ub out. De Beers
ere making their own shells at the work
shops, stamped with "C J. Rhodes' com
pliments." (A fact, as I have seen them.)
This morning's business was a genuine
attack from our side. We are expecting
en sttitclf this afternoon from the Boers.
To-morrow being- Sunday there will be no
fighting, as both sld.es observe the Sab
bath Oslo).
"We dost know the number of Boers
killed this morning, but Imagine there
vriU. be a creel nmnber of funerals to
xuorTow.
Where Is MaXeMne? We have had no
new* for a long- time— three or four weeks.
The last news Is that the Boers have
Siren no the Job there and declare the
MaieMnif people devils, not men. I wish
the Kleee would ootne to an end, as I am
usin* up too mnch of Collins' paper. You
remember Herbert Inglls Collier, who
lived la !>• Beers and who wrote to you
aa account I pressed him for. He w&s
killed la this morning's fight.
November 28 — (P'orty-two days of siege).
BverythlnK haa been quiet since Saturday,
barrlnr a few shells- sent In, but no dam
age done. It seems marvelous that nearly
1000 shells have been landed In here and
only one person killed.
The relief column Is close at hand, and
the firing, twelve miles off. at Spytfontein,
can be plainly -heard. There are thou
sands of Boers there, with a good number
cf cuns. All of our crowd, that Is the D.
F. H. Rhodes IJght Horse, the regular in
fantry CK. R.) and town guard, have or
ders to be on the quI vlve to-night. The
Impression seems to be In Cape Town that
we are nearly starved out and that our
forces have been killed off till there are
only 750 able-bodied men left. "WTiat a
"soft snap" it would be for the Boers if
that were true. We have at least 4000
WHEN JOHN MUTR RODE A MILE IN A MINUTE ON
AN AVALANCHE IN YOSEMITE VALLEY.
FEW mountaineers go far enough
into the avalaxiche regions to see
much of them, and fewer still know
the thrilling exhilaration of riding on
them, says John Mulr In the April At
lantic. In all my wild mountaineering I
have enjoyed only one avalanche ride:
and the Etart was so sudden and the end
came so soon I thought but little of the
danger that goes with this sort of travel,
though one thinks fast at such times. One
calm, bright morning in Yosemlte, after,
a hearty storm had given three or four
feet of fresh enow to the mountains, be
ing eacer to see as many avalanches as
nossibla and gain wide views of the peaks
and forests arrayed In their new robes
before the sunshine had time to change
or rearrange them, I set out early to
climb by a side canyon to the top of a
commanding ridge a little over 3000 feet
above" the valley. . But I was not to get
top views of any , sort that day, but in
stead of these something quite different;
for deep trampling near the canyon head
where the snow was strained started an
avalanche, and I was swished back down
to the foot of the canyon as If by en
chantment. The' plodding, wallowing as
cent of about a mile had '.taken all day,
the undoing descent perhaps about a min
ute. When the snow suddenly, gave way
I Instinctively threw myself on my back
and spread . my arms to try ' to keep I from
sinking. Fortunately, though the grade
of the canyon was steep, It was not in
terrupted by step levels or precipices big
enough to cause outbounding : or free
plunging. On no part of the rush was I
buried/ I was only moderately imbedded
on the surf ace or a little '. below it, and
covered with a hissing back-streaming
veil ; ; and ' as the . whole mass beneath or
about : me joined in ; the > flight ; I felt no
friction, though tossed here and there and
lurched . from side to side.'; And when .the
torrents wedged "and came" to'rest I found
myself on the top of the crumpled pile,"
without a single bruise or scar. V,
rOates of DV Beers Co.. informed us this
morning, that -the siege won't; be raised
till, the: end of February. " '/--.. .. •, , .
; January 25.-rOur new twenty-five pound
er has been '• finished and fired" and'chris
tened ; ''Long Cecil.". : It does not r up
to^ expectations,"; but : they . put it "down to
the 7 ammunition • . being ~ defective-. ;-_ . The
Boers have .eight' long-range guns;about
here -and = started a; terriflCj bombardment
¦ All - - tinned . goods , have ..been cora
jnandeered and are only served out under
a medical certificate.
"I inspected "the De Beers gun yesterday
at the ; workshops and It is a marvel. It
is - called' a' twenty-five pounder ¦ and is
about ten ; feet .:¦ ten' inches long and has
a 5-inch. bore and is rifled and. finished
beautifully. It will. be put into action to
morrow or the next day. 1 hope It won't
."bust."' , *_".. • '¦'.'¦¦; - N :¦" - ¦• ¦ . -
*My.dinrier r to-day was a grand feed-r
mehu as ; follows: Siege soup, a la Tyson;
veal and tomatoes, boiled rice, and^ raisin.-,
tea- and bread. ' The veal It' got as 'a great
favor ; (f our ¦ ounces)." , The tomatoes, out
of my. own garden. I: can get ;is eac'i
for them; ; The. rice is" the last, as it has
all been reserved for the. Asiatics. ".'.
Butter we " never speak of now,' ; except
as a memory. .
"Fowls are* about 15s each and eggs are
ISs to 20s a dozen. Fancy eating eggs at
Is Gd each. .-.-.¦' . . .' ., . ¦-.
January 18.— A terrific bombardment is
going on a few miles from here, but we
can scarcely hear a sound as the wind is
in" the other direction. The only meat
served '¦. out this morning was . horse
flesh(?). It looked more like dead donkey.
I"am : not taking- : any. - Captain Tyson.
Mrs.' Rochef ort "Magulre and others ' are
dealing out soup in Meu^f meat, to any
one who- wants it, at; 3d per pint and I
can tell you it is a godsend. It is guar
anteed made ¦ of b'eef and has plenty of
vegetables In it "and is * good stuff .
"We are all dispirited ' and fed up with
the siege business and will sell out cheap.
We all believe that. the biggest battle in
the annals of British history is' going to
take place within twelve miles -of Kim
berley. ' v ¦
The Boers have mounted about ten big
guns . round the town and we hourly ex
pect a bombardment that wlll N make ut
tired of living. All lights outsat 9:30 is
the latest and I can tell you it is like
being in a graveyard. You have to sit In
th'e dark or goto bed. ''.,•'
'.January 11— Cats' meat, right from th«
.Knacker's. We have struck a siege this
•time for certain. . We are eating" horsj
flesh now. and it Is pitiful to see men;
women and children; Including the princ!-.
pal inhabitants, such as Bennie, Oliver,
Hazel, 'Deary and- others, waiting theh
turn at between 5:30 and. 8 olclock In the
morning for their quantum of cab hoVse
four ounces per day for adults and, two
ounces, for children;, two- thirds of that
is bone. We are always hungry, now. The
bread allowance is just enough and noth
ing over.
jvaterflay morning and kept it up an aay
and night and dropped over 600 sheila
right into the center of the. town. Sev
eral persons were killed and 'some dam
age done to property, but it is surprising
what few casualties there are. The shells
drop in I. T. P. road, , Currey street, De
Beers road. Market square, in back yards,
front yards, kitchens, bedrooms and any
place and at random, two shells rarely
striking in the same place or near it. A
shell struck and exploded about twenty
yards In front of mo yesterday and I can
;tell you It gave me a pain in the stom
ach. The sensation caused by a fifteen
pound shell whistling right toward you is
better' imagined than described.'
•' We had a lull at sundown last evening
and later on the guns commenced again.
Our particular friend, a cordite gun on
Carter's Farm, about three and a half
miles from here, is a perfect terror.
We know the sound of that gun and the
velocity of the. projectile is so great that
it is on you before you get into shelter.
February 8.— Nothing of particular In
terest happened till yesterday, when the
Boers opened with their new 100-pounder.
The shells are about nineteen laches long
by six inches in diameter. Four caused
f earful ' destruction. . They threw ten of.
, them int,o the town and the results -were
fearful. Only one person was struck and
thaf was a child 2 years old that had half
of its thigh shot off. Steysler'a old place
got one (on the Market square) and it
tore the side of the building to shreds.
The* Buffalo Club of Southey street had
another, which smashed the billiard table
to pieces and parts, of the shell went 500
yards from there.
Our long gun ("Long Cecil") had a few
shots at them and stopped the firing, but
we expect another consignment at any
time. I would give sometning for a good
meal. I'm - always hungry. The provC
sions can't last much longer.
February 9.— The shelling from the 100
pounder continued all day yesterday. A
bar man was ' killed In the Standard.
(The site of the old Carne's bar, old Main
street.)
• February 10.— Boers still at it. Mrs.
Robert ¦' Solomon " and baby were killed in
Knight street. Mrs. S. was formerly Jiiaj
Scheuble, who used to #ing at all the con
certs. Their; house was demolished. Hart
you been living In Carlyon cottage you
would have had a warm time of # It, as
more shells passed nearer that place than
any other locality. I mean every day:
• They seem to be aiming for the sanato
rium. where Rhodes stops.
-On Friday evening (last evening) George
Labram, the* chief engineer of De* Beers,
wind being in the opposite direction, we
did not hear much of it. A deep gloom is
, cast over the i place. We expect : the* fiat
¦ .to go forth any time that we must all
leave Kimberley as soon as they! can re
store the line. That means ruin to al
most everybody.
It is estimated that it will take sixty
five or seventy trains to, take . the non
. combatants and natives away. De Beers
have shut down. ;-
My wife i3 in a delicate condition, a od
the doctor says it may cause her death
to be sent away now, so perhaps I may be
-allowed to remain.' But you 'know, what
martial law, means; they can send you to
the station at the point of the bayonet.
We had a- scrap a few. days ago ¦ and \
one man killed, but altogether it is now
very quiet in spite of about 35,000 'British
and Boers within twelve miles of here.
.. ¦ "We had some news this morning, taken
from a Standard and Diggers New3
found on the veldt. We are either abso
lutely cut off or the news is. being sup
pressed, as we know -scarcely anything ,
of what is going on outside of here.
We are making a list of goods out on the
H. S. etc., -and" think it will be wise to
have our eggs In one basket" this time^
¦ We will , take back ' and . store all we can
in our warehouse and If the customers '
don't come back we will know where to
find the stuff.-
Food Is getting very short. There are
no eggs, butter or vegetables to be had, t
1 but there is plenty of typhoid fever and
. dysentery. The . tinned provisions are .
finished. ¦ ..
This war is the biggest order England .
ever took on and we • now . think it will
take from nine to twelve months to finish
'It. "/"¦ ¦' . .
January 5.— Since my last date, Decem
; ber 13, nothing of interest haa happened.
We have nothad any relief yet. although
Lord Methuen is only about twelve or
fifteen miles from' here.
The: Boers, drop 'a few shells: in' here
"occasionally,' but' do no damage. .They
only: do It to let us know they are' still
alive. Food of all sorts ' is now cdm
'mandeered'¦ and we are' on. rations and'
: the fight to . get permits from ¦ the , supply \
commissary, and then tto get the groceries
and- meat is something • awful. . We have .
to stand in line, 500 or 600, two by two.
' rich : and poor alike, and ¦ take what is
doled' out to us: " It will be a case of
eating horse flesh before long, as the cat
tle are -giving; out.]
- De Beers are making a forty-pounder
breech leader and it, will be ready in a.
' few, days! .They have already made tons
. of shells. J, •.
: .The .water supply Is only on two hours.
aer day "and the gardens are all dead!
Decenruw xi.— Worse and more of it. A
terrific battle took place here this morn
ing; that is, it happened at Spytfontein,
about twelve miles to the southward. The
guns commenced booming before 4 o'clock
and did not cease till after 9. In spite
of the distance, the roar was awful." The
advance guard 1 of the relief column en
gaged the Boers, who are very strongly
fortified on the kopjes by Spytfontein.
Your old friend, T. J. Moore, who was
recently reappoirited traffic manager here,
died last week. Food is running very
short. No. milk, condensed' or otherwise;
no potatoes, tinned meat and, In fact, we
are all on. allowance and the quantities
served out are regulated by the military
authorities.
A notice appeared in this morning's pa
per to the' effect that all persons desir
ous of leaving here when the line is tem
porarily opened can do so free of charge
and go to any destination in the colony.
This, of course, applies, to those who havfe
not enrolled themselves In any of the de
fense corps.
The idea is to repair the line, ret as
many people away as possible, rush up a
few trainloads of gTub arid abandon the
line again. I shall not post this letter
here, but send it by some one going away,
who will forward it from the coast.
When you read this please readdress It
to Mrs. E. J. Clark, 1198 Haieht street,
San Francisco, Cal. I may not have time
to jewrite it. •
All of the horses not used for military
purposes are ordered out to the veldt to
graze at the owners' risk, the forage' all
having been commandeered for military
horses.
* December 13. — Another artillery duel
took place between the Boers and relief
column 'this morning, but owing to the
7
FOUR DAYS IN BESIEGEDhis disappointment that at last.he threw
himself upon his back among the new
grass and burst into a great fit of sob
bing.
However, grief with a healthy boy goon
wears itself out, and when the sobs had
subsided he gave a long, tremulous sigh
and wiped his eyes.
Another low sigh echoed his own, and
looking up he saw, seated upon the edge
of a stump beside him. a tiny and curious
creature. It had the form of a man, and
was fantastically dressed in garments of
many bright colors; hut Bob sat up and
regarded it with wide open eyes he saw
that his queer neighbor could not be over
six inches tall when he stood upon his
tiptoes. . ' ' ; ¦ . .
. The little man wiped his eyes carefully
with a purple silk handkerchief and then
said, in quite a cheerful tone:
"I feel better, don't you?"
"Have you been crying^ too?" asked
Bob.
"Indeed, I have," was the answer. "I'm
in great trouble,' you must know, and my
heart was so heavy that it tired me to
carry it around. But I happened to 'pass
by as you were indulging in. your hearty
and sensible fit of crying, and it struck
me as just the thing to make my heart
lighter. So .1 sat upon the edge of this
stump and wept and wailed gloriously.
There's nothing like a good cry to cheer
Copyricbt. 1901, by National Press Agency.
I.
FRIDAY evening little Bob said to
his mother:
"Sunday next is Easter!"
"Yes, I know." said she.
"Teacher asked us to bring flow
ers to-morrow to trim the church with,"
he continued. "All the boys and girls are
r.olnpr to bring ell the flowers they can get
to the church, and teacher will let us help
with the trimming." • " "
The widow raised her head from her
Ironing and looked at her boy rather
*a<51y.
"You know, dear, Fm too busy to plant
and tend flowers," she 6ald; "and so we
have no flower garden. I need all the room
In our little back yard to dry my clothes,
too, bo we could not grow flowers if we
had the time to devote to them."
Bob nodded his head.
"I know that, mother; but all the others
will have flowers, bo I could not help
¦wishing I too could carry some to the
church for Easter."
The woman Ironed silently for a time.
Then she said:
"There ought to be buttercups and
daisies blooming in the North fields by
this time. Why don't you gather those?
It Isn't far to go, and there are no more
beautiful flowers in the world. Since we
have ro others, I am sure tnose would be
acceptable as an Easter offering."
Bob was delighted with the idea.
"I'll get some early to-morrow morn
ing," he exclaimed. "They are flowers,
anyway, even if they do grow wild in the
fields. But teacher said lilies were the
nicest flowers for Easter," he added,
thoughtfully. ¦
"So they are," said his mother: "but
lilies are rare flowers in the country, and
I doubt if there are any in all the village.
So, as there will probably be no lilies
among the offerings of your companions.
I am sure your buttercups and daisies
will be as pretty as anything in the
church."
Next morning Bob was up even before
the sun, and having hastily eaten his sim
ple breakfast he caught up his cap and
ran through the village to visit the North
fields In searcn of buttercups and daisies.
Gradually the boy began to realize that
his quest was a failure, and so great was
It was a long walk for a small boy. but
Bob did not mind it, and when he reached
the fields he losf no time in beginning his
search tor the coveted flowers. Yet after
an hour's groping about he was unable to
discover anything more than a few half
opened buds of buttercups that would not
be worth gathering.
"Thon I'm not a fairy," declared the lit
tle man positively.
"Perhaps you're a brownie." ventured
Bob.
"No," "said Bob, "they don't."
"A brownie!" exclaimed the other, with
scornful emphasis. "Really now, do I
look like one of those impossible, crawly,
mischievous elves? Is ray body ten times
bigger than it should be? Do my legs
look like toothpicks and my eyes like
saucers? 1 '
¦ "Then I'm not a brownie," replied the
man, crossing his legs and nodding his
head at the boy in a funny way.
"I— I, really don't know what to make
of you," remarked Bob frankly. "Will
you please tell me what you are?"
"Certainly," ' answered " his companion,
with a bow.' "I'm d ryl."
"Oh!" said the boy.
"Do you know what a ryl is?" asked
the other, a bit sternly.
"Not— not exactly." acknowledged Bob.
' "I ' thought not. The old nurses prefer
to talk about I those stupid fairies and
hobgoblins and never mention ryls to
. the children. And the people who write
fairy tales and gooso books and bro\Vnie
stories and such rubbish ; sit down* at
writing tables and Invent all sorts of im
possible • and unbelievable things. Why
* don't they seek out the ryls, who are ser
l vants of nature, and learn from them the
•wonderful truths that would Instruct as
well as amuse the young folks? The ryls
have been sadly neglected, that's a fact.
And who's to blame for It?" Inquired the
little man fiercely.
"I don't know, I'm sure," said Bob. He
was sitting on the grass, clasping his
knees and looking Intently at his strange
companion, who, as he squatted on tho
Ktump, was nearly on a level with the
boy'a eyes.
The ryl laughed merrily as he noted
Bob's puzzled expression.
"I don't know who's to blame myself,"
ho said: "but since we' have mot under
such tearful circumstances, and have en
joyed our griefs together. I'll bo glad to
tell you something about the ryls. We
are servants of nuture, as I mild. All tho
things that grow ¦ luivo to be fed just as
people do. You boys can't grow big and
ftit unless you're fed, nor can a flower
grow and blossom unless It has Its proper
food." • *
• "What do flowers eat?" asked Bob.
"They don't cat anything with mouths,
for they haven't any. But they absorb
their food from the oarth", sucking it up
with their roots so ¦ that it reaches the
body of the plant and makes it grow and
bud and blossom. And the ryls place the
food in the earth for the roots to pick up."
"Oh," paid Bob. "I see."
"Each ryl has a separate kind of plant
to look after." continued the little man.
"Now I, for example, am obliged to look
after the Easter lilies." , '
."Are you, rea41y?" cried Bob, springing
to his feet in his eagerness and then sit
ting down again to be nearer the little
man.
"Why are you so excited?" inquired the
ryl.
"Because if .you tend the Easter lilies
I thought perhaps you could tell me where
to find some. Do you know where they
grow?".
"If you stop to think," remarked the ryl,
"you will see how foolish that question is.
Of course, I know where they grow. But
that reminds me of the great trouble I
amin. I certainly must start for Brazil
at once, for I have an immense field of
Easter lilies growing there, and they will
need to be cared for." .
"What is your great trouble?" askefc
Bob. ..
VWell. I'll tell you. I have had no dif
ficulty In getting most of the food required
by my lilies this spring, yet there is one
necessary thing that I've hunted for high'
and low and cannot find. . It is the only
plant food in the world that will dye the
tips of the stamens of my lilies that rich
yellow color which is so greatly admired
and which offers such a beautiful contrast
to the pure white of the leaves. There
are hosts of lilies to be supplied with this
coloring. A month or so ago I found
enough of the food In Senegambia to color
all my lilies except that one big field In
Brazil; but I fear those must now remain
.pure white since no more color food is to
be had."
"It's too bad." said Bob. sympathetical
ly, "I wish I could help you."
The ryl clapped his hands In delight
"Perhaps you can." he said, with a sly
wink at the boy. "Why do you suppose I
have been stopping here with you and
chattering nonsense unless I had a pur
pose? Ryls are not allowed to ask favors
of human beings, but since you offer to
help me of your own free will, why. there
Is no reason I should not accept the kind
ness."
"What can I do?" asked the boy, won
derlngly. '¦ \ ¦
"Your grandfather once had a bottle of
the very plant food I am In search of," re
plied the. ryl. "I don't know where he got
it or what he used it for, but he kept it
in a tall blue bottle In the cupboard over
the chimney."
"Oh. yes." said Bob. "I've seen the bot
tle often."
"Do you know where It Is now?" asked
the iyl.
"It is still in the cupboard over the
chimney. Mother has never touched it
since grandpa died, for she didn't know
what it was."
The little man rose to his feet and leant
over the edge of the stump as_ he said, in
a voice that trembled with anxiety:
"If I had that bottle I should be happy!"
"Then I'll get It for you." replied Bob.
"But if you wanted it so badly, why didn't
you go and take it?"-
"That would be stealing," answered th*
ryl. "But If you make me a present of
your grandfather's bottle you will save
my beautiful field of 'Brazilian lilies."
"I'll run for It now," cried the boy.
"Walt here until I come bock."
lie sprang up and darted away toward
the village. When he reached it he tore
down tho main street at full speed and
reached hia home almost out of breath.
His mother happened to be out at the
time, but the door was unlatched, and
Uob soon pushed a chair to the chimney
and began searching tn the high cupboard
for the blue bottle.
It stood In the exact spot his grand
father had left it, and seizing it in his
hand the boy climbed down and began
,hls return Journey without loss of time.
When he reached the North Fields there
was the ryl, sitting upon the stump and
waiting patiently. ,
Bob placed the bottle on the stump be
side the little fellow and noticed, with
surprise, that the cork reached far above
the ryl's head. "He'll never be able to
open it," thought the boy; but the ryl
did not seem a bit worried. He placed big
hand over his heart and bowed very
gravely to Bob, saying:
"I cannot tell you how grateful I am
for this favor. . You have removed all my
troubles by means of your gift. Now. in
return, tell me why you were crying when
I found you here."
"I had hoped to gather some wUdflowera
for Easter." said Bob: "but when I got
here I found they had not yet blossomed.
"We are too poor to keep a flower gar
den, you know; so when I found there
were no wildflowers it made me very sor
ry."
The ryl leaned against the blue bottle
• thrust his hands deep In his trousers
pockets and whistled a tune thoughtfully.
The boy watched him with much anxiety,
for he had begun to hope the ryl would
help him. By and by the little man said:
"Well, you must come with me to Era
zil. That is the only way to help you.
When you are there I'll give you enough
lilies to make you the wonder and admira
tion of the whole village. "
"Oh. I can't go so far from home!"
cried the boy. "Mother would be dread
fully worried about me."
The ryl laughed. "It's a far Journey."
he said, "but not a long one. Here— take
this bottle in your left hand."
Bob obeyed, although he was somewhat
"Now give me the little finger of your
other hand." continued the ryl.
Bob held it out. and the man closed his
tiny fingers about the boy's bigger ona
in a firm clasp.
"Here we 'go!" remarked the ryl. calm
ly, and Bob trave a great start of sur
prise and amazement.
For the North fields, the stump and the
familiar landscape had entirely disap
peared, and the boy found himself stand
ins beside the ryl In the midst of a vast
field of pure white lilies, which nodded
their heads in the tropical breeze, as if
welcoming him among them.
While he admired their glorious beauty
the voice of the ryl reached his ears.
"If I don't enlarge myself I may set
stepped on. Watch mo grow!"
Bob looked down and saw the top of tn»
little man's head growing gradually big
ger and rising higher and higher until the
ryl had become fully as tall as the boy.
"Now I feel safer." he said: "and if yon
will please hand me the bottle I'll get to
work and feed my flowers."
Bob gave him the blue bottle, and re
moving the cork the ryl began to sprinkle
its contents on the earth at the roots of
the lilies. He worked very quickly and
carefully, and the color food lasted until
the farthest part of the field had been fed.
Then. th« bottle; being empty, the ryl re
turned to where Bob was standing and
8 "See how quickly my Ulles nav« rained;
their yellow-tipped stamens."
Sure enough, when Bob peeped among
the leaves he saw little caps of brilliant
yellow swaying: the slender sterna that
support them. f .;i"
"My work la now complete, centlnaea
the ryl joyously, "and as I owe my suc
cess to your kindness I shall be glad to
have you gather as many of my lilies as
you can carry home. Be sure to pick lonff
stems, for then the flowers will remain
frvsh for several "days."
The boy did not hesitate to accept this
generous offer, and soon he had gathered
a great armful of the exquisite flowers.
"These will do, thank you," said he.
But the ryl was not content. "Wait—
walt— wait!" he cried, laughingly, and
plucking more and more of the flowers hs
fairly loaded Bob down with them. Then
when the boy's eyes could Just see over
the top of his lilies the ryl cried out:
"Now. then— hold tight! Good-by— taerw
you go!'.*
"Good-by!" answered Bob: but his volca
sounded strangely far away In his ears,
and in the same Instant he was standing
in the North fields, his anna filled with
great bunches of beautiful Easter Ultoa,
which filled tho air with their dellcat*
fragrance.
The little Tillage church w»a gorgeously
arrayed that Easter Sunday, for Hob's
lilies were .on every tide, and were tho
wonder of all who saw them. Never be*
fore had such exquisite flowers been
brought to the town, and every on* in
quired where they came from.
So Bob's story was soon well known, for
he had told his mother and the minister
all Hbout his adventure with the little ryl.
After the sermon was over the widow
approached the minister and Asked:
* "What do you think about It. -sir? DM
my boy really meet with this creature h«
calts a ryl?"
"Well." answered th» minister gr&v«ly.
"it sounds to our ears like a very improb
able talc. But If it is not true, where did
the lilies come from?"
"They certainly never grew In th© North
fields," replied the widow. "Perhaps,
sir. a miracle has come to pass!"
"Quite likely, madam," said the rood
rr>?n: "Easter is the season of miracles."
Photos by Alisky.
her room and there mixes it ready for
hair treatment.
Its preparation is a slow one. First it
must be ground in a mortar: next u is
put through an SO-sieve. which means a
fine one; finally it is sifted through bolt
ing cloth. The lumps of hard red clay,
which look very much like adobe, come
out from the boltin< cloth operation in
the form of a fine oowder.
From this it has been found that two
kinds of dye can be made. For one, the
powdered earth is simply mixed with wat
er until it becomes a stiff paste, and there
you are. For the other, the clay and
water paste, is baked until It turns an
inky black. The baked clay is used for
the darkest shades of dye.
Never was anything mere simple than
the use of the dye. It is applied warm
that is all that has tc be remembered
The operator warms- 5 he pan of paste,
then with a brush dipped in it, goes care
fully all over the hair, blushing the paste
In from roots to ends.
It is a queer thing- that it does not In
any way affect the skin or scalp where it
touches, although it has so quick an ef
fect upon the hair. It "washes off readily
from the skin. Mrs. Sherman Is a pioneer
in the use of the X-ray for scalp treat
ment, and also as .' a physician of many
years' standing on matters connected with
the hair she has experimented most care
fully and thoroughly with this new dis
covery. ,
All the gray hairs must be'eaptured and
colored, and this takes a deal of time and
much 'patience, but once done* the' job Is
over until the new hair begins to grow out
after some few months. It has proved
that the dye is permanent. . "Whatever
THE earth is being put to a new use.
It has been turned Into hair dye.
I Not all the earth, by any means.
J^ Only one little corner of it — a little
red clav corner in Colorado. If you ask
lira. Frances Sherman where that corner
And you really can't blame her when
you consider that If we knew the secret
we could all drop In on Colorado and
pick uo a pocketful of clay lumps which
vould turn us Into auburn-haired beau
ties within a day. No wonder Mrs. Sher
n-an prefers to keep her clay bed as her
cwn property.
Nothing but a common reddish-brown
clay it Is to all appearances, and what
magical chemical properties lurk In it she
does not know. All she does know of its
working? Is that, applied to the hair, it
rhanges it to a dark shade of reddish gold,
euch ». shade as no other hair dye has
ever succeeded in producing.
It Is only a few weeks since she learned
the secret of the clay, and at first she
experimented v.ith it .very gingerly. She
tried it on locks cf hair that she cut from
different heads, and in every case the
Baine results occurred. The hair was
flyed to a beautiful shade of brown, hav
ing a bright tinse, and was darker or
tighter, according to the length of time
Df the application-
Then she began on other hair— hair that
was attached to heads, and the results
•were the Fame. This particular kind of
Colorado clay is a hair dye.
She goes through plenty of red tape to
pet it. The Colorado man who sells it
to her has no Idea of its use. She is not
Mrs. Sherman to hini at all; she is a man
tn the sewer pipe business, and she buys
the clay for the sewer pipes. When It
reaches the "nan" in San Francisco he
promptly becomes a hair specialist who
carries what she needs of. the earth to
DISCOVERY OF A RED CLAY IN COLORADO AND
ITS REMARKABLE EFFECT UPON THE HAIR
shade it gives while being applied, that
Bhade It keeps forever after, and there is
no danger of waking up seme day to find
yourself a green-haired lady or a blur
beard, as in the days of old-time hair
dyes.
The chemical properties of the clay ax«
so powerful that one Replication Is . all
that is needed. After the paste has been
thoroughly brushed "n, the pastee sits, In
all the patience with .which she can
possess her soul, for bo long as the de
sired color requires. A light shade close
to a Titian takes only two hours' .wait
ing; the darkest auburn wants twelve
hours. At the end of that time she 'Is
shampooed in half a <!czen waters, and
then she may face herself in the glass and
get acquainted with her new appearance.
The pictures show the whole operation
from start to finish. In the first one the
hair is seen to . be Darted. •/ This • is the
preface to the thine, for th© hair must
be divided into ever so many strands that
the dye can be worked In thoroughly. In
the next one you can see the brush, Sip
ped in the wet clay, starting its work at
the roots of the hair. Then It is drawn
along to the tips of, the small strands. In
the picture given, the fine brush can lx
seen, used on the - short ¦ hair above thfl
forehead. Finally the patient , Bit a,
awaiting the time of her release..
It is a secret between you and me and
the hair specialist that the men are tak
ing up the new fad. She says 'that some
of them sneak into her office 'with a
hunted look and take as much as fifteen
minutes to come to tha point. Now and
then one is brave and displays his .silver
mustache with perfect frankness and ex
plains openly that he doesn't want to be
"only an old beau," and that he object's
to being considered one oi the dogs that
has had * his day.
-And there is not a. man of them that
wouldn't' pretend hie never heard of the
magic clay. ,
*THE ; SUNDAY CALL. .
t : ,!¦••¦.¦ *
one up. I really feel much better, and I
am greatly obliged to you for the sug
gestion.". . : • , « '
"With this ,, he stood up and smoothed
out .the creases* in his' green and yellow
striped trousers and brushed his red silk
hat with his coat sleeves and arranged
the bow of his lavender necktie. ? jj
, "t fear I must be going," said he, "for
I am due in Brazil at 10 o'clock."
"Please wait a little while — just' a min-,
ute," cried Bob. earnestly. "I — I want to
talk with you and ask you some ques
tions."
'.'Go ahead then." said the little man,
resuming' his seat. "I've an hour or so
to spare, for the time In Brazil is slower
than here." .
"Thank you," said Bob, and continued
to stare at the tiny creature. I
'Well — well? Aren't you going to talk?"
said the little man, impatiently. "Where
are these Questions?"
VAre— are you a fairy?" asked the boy,
with hesitation.
T*he little fellow sighed again In a tired
sort of way and \. rushed a speck of dust
from his white satin vest.
' "Do you see any wings growing out of
my body?" he ' asked in a' reproachful
tone. 'Do you see any golden hair flow
ing over my shoulders or any gauzy, cob
web skirts floating about my form in
graceful folds?" . -
¦ "No," said Bob. ¦ ,' '
ii.
8
THE TRYL OF THE LILLIESshow, his 'stingy • old Job-Lots -how
it Is j Done !" . so ; he .sailed , ; away . ex
ceeding Light-hearted, for he had left
$7 50 and had' not- yet felt the; Wild
Yearning after ( a' two-bit piece where
with to buy. _a • place 1 to ¦ sleep.' ;
; { : And ! it'. was = so "that" at _the end ; of
Three Weeks the: Old^ Man heard ; a
Timid Bap upon his Study Door.'
And when he had opened the Door,
behold! tha Smooth Youth stood there,
gazing Steadfastly upon his Battered
WTS£ GUV AND QUTET GA2A5S.
Now there dwelt in that country a
Maiden with Golden Hair and a Gib
son Nose.
J;V Of a truth!" boasted the Wise
Guy, "this Maiden Looketh Good to
•He! Lo! I shall Cop. her from the
Bunch and start her to Frying Haia
in my Back Parlor ere the Moon wax
oldagain! for do I not need another
Half P Yea, verily!"
And the Quiet Gazate heard but
said naught; yet did he saw exceed
ing Much Wood.
So it Fell out thatf when a few
weeks later the Wise Guy asked for
the Maiden's Mitt he was presented
with a Pretty Card having Beveled
Edg?s and a Cute Look; also there
were divers inscriptions thereon' set
ting forth the ' Engagement of ths
Fair Maiden to the Quiet Gazabe.
And the Wise Guy lifted up his
Voice in Bitter Lamentation; yea, he
wept. Many Weeps and marveletl
greatly how it Happened.
And it came to Pass that the Quiet
Gazabs prospered and waxsd rich;
while the Wise Guy borrowed divers
and many Williams from his friends.
Then came the Wise Guy to the
Quiet Gazabs; saying,. .;
"Tell me, I pray thee, how it is
that thou art. lucky; and I the Vic
tim of a Perpetual HoodooP"
. "O friend," said the Quiet Gazabe,
/'thou art a Chump that thou sesst it
not! The reason is Most' Simple.
When thou hast a Scheme in Mind,
thy Mouth giveth it away. Where
fore men beat thee but of it!
"But I, when I think up a Good <
Thing, cork up my mouth and Look
' Sad; wherefore I reap Much Dough—;
for No Man knoweth iny Graft!"
Then he. went his way; "and the
Wise Guy ... rubbed his Head and
Thought Things.
"Of . a truth," said he, "I thought
my Smooth Tongue was my Best As-
set! when lo! it was my Worst Ene-;
> my I" and he sware and ' Cursed ex
ceeding Hard; i
Moral: He is wise of a Truth -who
knoweth "when to hold his Tongue.
Encore: A man's brain dwelleth
not in his Tongue. .. .
And Verily: Keep thine eye on tlvs
Quiet '. Mai* What; he saith . not he
maketh up in thinking.
One to the Old Guy, saying: " ' '
"Go to ! Thou art Old and . Foolish
and thou walkest in thy Sleep! Yea,
of a Truth thou hast Pigeons in thy
Loft! and . as V Swell Ancestor, thou
art! a Bank Fake! Also, I, need thoe
. r.ot in, my; Business, -for lo! I am a
Hot Sister and Exceeding Wise!"
. .Then the Old^Gent promulgated a
Dry ; Smile and gazed upon -the Youth
with Much Guile.
"Since thou art- such^a Waxra
Thing," said he, "do go forth
into the World and : carve thy, way a
Few : without calling . upon = the V Old
Man's Chetseknif e . to < assist in - the
Carving!" and he .went into his Den
end locked the Safe.' ;; ' : . . p . ' ¦'' '
"Ho, ho!'! • chuckled the / Smooth
Youth, "Now. will I Prance Forth and"
So the Young Man grew blase
(which meaneth that his brain Driec
Up, even as a Shriveled Walnut) anc
he smoked divers and many Cigar
ettes and sought the company of Sou
brettes and Chorus Girls; -also he
called his BichDad "The Old Man' 1
and drank Much Wine. Yea, verily,
he was Quite Swift. ¦
And it came to Pass that he had
a'Bow with the Author of His Being.
"My Son," said the Author, gently,
"of a verity, thou art Too Gay!; Bing
OftyO Offspring, and give thy. Gray
Matter a chance to devslop some!"
Then did the Young Man Wax
Wroth, and he handed forth a. Hot
__. YOUNG MAN who regarded
Jf\ himself as the Smoothest tliinj
lf~~*V Ever was possessed of a Ricl
Dad. : . •
Now the Young Man bad bee:
'reared in the lap of Luxury and hi
knew not how it feeleth to -chase thj
hand into, thy Pocket and find naugh
but an Aching Void and a Babbit'-
Foot. ;,.. '. -
THE P^ODTQ^W YOUfSG yU^N ¦^WP.^JS DAD- ' '
Then the Old Booster Looked Grim
and : said : " ¦ .
' '.^Hast thou cut Much Ice in the
World, 0 Offspring P"
But the Young Man did the Uriah
Hesp Stunt, for of a Truth His Clothes
were tattered and his face Dirty; also
he y w«3 thin and Hungry and • there
were Bugs in his' Long Hair. He was
Up 'Against it without a ' Battered
Obolus with which to Make Good.
"Oh, Sirs!" said- the Young Mar.,
humbly, "I am no longer the warm
est bunch of Smoke that ever blew
across this part of the Universe ! I
was an Ass!— and the more an Ass
for that I- mistook my own Bray for
the Boar of a Lion!" and he was Very
Humble. ' \ . - -
. "Verily," said His Job-Lots, /"thy
New Song soundeth Good to Me! At
last thou dost understand that when
thou wert ¦ smoking . cigarettes and
drinking Champagne thou . wert cut
ting a "Wids Swath with thine Old
Man's Brain and Sinew! When thoa
didst sneer at thy Ancestor, itwas to
smser at the Fountain of Plenty that
was all that stood between thee and
Running a' Delivery Wagon ! Yea, all
- thy, life thy Old .Dad hath ' ¦ done thy
Thinking and thy .Working for thee,
leaving thee Naught to Do but to
Look Pretty and Drink Things!'?
And the Young Man said "No thin g,
and 'said it fervently, for he had Sized
himself up and was Not Flattered.
. * Moral: ' The ; Old Man may be -, a
Back Number, but before you sneer at
him . : show ; yourself to . : be . a Better
Man! »
Another Moral: ' True Worth lieth
not in being, able to drink the Com
pany "under, the table; that feat is
merely ' r a triumph . for the > Stomach.
Try" it with Swine and gain a victory
worth Bragging over.'
The ; Solar-Plex : It Taketh a Cap
able' Man to . Make , Money, but Any-
Fool can Spend It.
O^AND ASS TN POUTTCS.
THE Ox and the Ass once decided
to run for office.
Now the Ox was a believer ia
Befcrm.
• "Behold!" said he, "I will conduct
my Campaign on a Clean Basis."
Wherefore, the Ox held his Meet
ings in the -Green Fields, and all the
Other Animals came to Listen.*
• And it came to Pass after the
Other Animals had listened for Some
Time that they became Very Thirsty,
for Were not their throats Dry from
Much Applauding? Yea, Verily.
So they spake, one to Another, say
ing:' i/^
, "Behold! let us arisa and go down
into Dogtown and Seek out the Other
Candidate, for of a Truth ire Spit Cot
ton!" . *
So they Broke Away after giving
Three Cheers for the Ox and his Be
fonn Precepts.
And at Midnight they who had ap
plauded the' Ox the loudest were
drinking deepest of the foaming Bock
and Hurrahing most lustily for the
Sly Ass." Yea, Verily, the gutters
were filled with Voters singing " Wa
"Won't Go Home Till Morning!" and
the' noise of their . singing t could be
Hsard Afar Off. . , '-;>
. And when the evening of Election
Day was coma, lo! the" Ass was tri
umphantly Elected, while the Ox was
hardly even an Also Ban. v ¦
Dazed and bewildered, the Poor Ox.
looked about for a Heeler to tell him
How it happened. _
* "Ho, ho!" laughed the Heeler,
"Wottest thou not thou'wert defeated
because thou didst not Set < 'em up?
For .'whoever, heard .of an election
without BeerP". and he laughed long
and raucously.
"But they. One. and All applauded
when I Preached Beform!" wailed tha
Poor Ox.
"To be sure!" sneered the Heeler.
"The Dear* People love to Talk Re
form, but -when it cometh to a Snow-
Down they, want thelrl Bef onn mixed
/half-and-half with Beer !" '
* : '/And are there then no . Good Peo
ple in the World?" asked the Dis-
couraged Ox.
"Oh, 'yes!" rejoined the Heeler.
"The Good People control the Speech
making-, but the Elections are con
trolled by Besr!"
trhen the Sad Ox went Forth Into
the Clean Air of the fields, saying:
"Politics is not for such as I, who
have no taste for Beer!"
Moral: The Dsar People want
Clean Politics — but they want it with.
a Stick in It.
Second Moral: The God-given Pran
chise is a Glorious Thing, but it ia
founded on Beer.
Third Moral: Politics is a Great
Game wherein Truth and Virtue Are
not Handicaps.
Theme: The real Forum is ths
White Front Saloon.
AWiss Guy and a Quiet Gazabe
•were born nigh unto Each
Other.
And as they Grew Up and waxed
strong: the Wisa Guy developed a
desire to Talk. Yea, verily, his
speech was Eloquent and full of Ver
bosity; but Wise Men wagged- their
l-eards and said that it -was full of
Nothing- Els-e.
But the Quiet Gazabs kept his
tong^ie strictly at Home. His eyes
•worked overtime, but his tongue -was
perennially on a Vacation. .
"Ho! ho!" laughed the Wise Guy,
*'Thou wilt never win a Punched
Kickel in this "World! Thou art Too
Easy!"
But the Quiet Gazabe held his
peace.
Tommy Tucker (after an exhaustive
mental effort)— It's the way a man talks
when he stutters.— Chicago Tribune. . ¦ • •>•
¦ —¦ ¦ »>¦
Teacher — Thomas, what are "parts o£
speech V
Senator Vest is older than hl3 years In
fact e.3 well as In appearance. He Is ill
and despondent and refuses to take a
cheerful view of life. Nevertheless his
mind is one of the brightest in the Sen
ate. One day he sank into his chair, say
ing to his neighbor: "I am an old man,
and I'll never get over this." "Come,
come, Vest, brace up," replied his neigh
bor; "brace up, and you'll be all right.
Look at Morrlll over there: he's nearly 90
and Is as spry as a man of 40." "Morrlll!
Morrlll!" ( said Vest. ' "He's set for eterni
ty. They'll have to shoot him on the day
of Judgment. "-Harper's Weekly.
The girl at the stationery counter waa
talking to the rrirl from the necktie count
her.
"I always told him, I says, 'Now look
here,' I says, 'what's the use,' I says, 'of
talking unless you've got something to
say,' I says. 'I don't like to hear a man
shootin* off his mouth,* I says, 'just to
hear himself talk,' I says. 'Some people,* ¦
I says, 'are built that way," I says, 'and
they'll stand and gab at you," I says, 'till
after they got through,' I says, 'you don't
after they got through," I says "you don't
know what they've been gabbin" about.'
I says. 'I ain't got any use," I says, 'for
those kind of people,' I says. 'And what'3
more," I says, 'I ain't afraid to tell 'em
bo," I says."
"What did he say to that?"
"He didn't ray anything— the slobf I
didn't give him a chance." — Chicago Tri
bune.
"I want you to Settle for this," paw
Hollered at the man, but he was Too
bizzy to Stop.
After paw Got his hat maw sed:
"Hurry rite after him now, and- make
the coal man pay for it."
:',- Paw went out . and Looked around the
yard and then Came back and sed:
''What's the use? You can't make peeple
pay for ' things if their horses run away
unless You sue them,- and a person That
goes into Court is foolish if he Has right
on his side." : '. ' ¦
"Yes," maw • told him, "and.' that's the
Very roan you paid a .Dollar and sixty
cents' extra To . last . fall for carrying the
Coal in from the street becoz you Didn't
•want, him to spoil . the ' Lawn by driving
over it. Haven't you enny manhood?" -
"That seemed to stir" up the Sleeping lion
in' paw, " and the more He thot about it
The worse it Seemed to operate on His
• mind.' But he went in the Houseand sat
Down 'and. sed: '¦; :
¦ "I mustn't Go now. I never want to Do
things when I am all Hot up. The best
way is to always Cooloff first, and Then
you won't Do eriny thing rash on the Spur
of. the moment." •
: .:*;That makes me Think of when I was
at Spottsulvainey," Uncle Ramsey told us.
' "If I would of waited till our captun sed
to charge I wouldn't- of Been where the
bullet flew that Took my Iaig off. So I've
been Thankfull ever since becoz I lerned
a grate lesson. Never try to Do things
all of a Sudden If you find out afterwards
that it would of been better to wait."
In a.nour or two paw started down to
see the coal man and me and Uncle Ram
sey went along.
When we Got ¦ there paw told the coal
man he would Haft to pay to Get the lawn
flxt.up. '
The coal man came out from behind his
counter and sed:
"Say, you're the sixth man That's come
in Here hollering, about them horses, and
I'm getting fatigged. Here's a quarter.
Now, run around the Corner and Buy
yourself sumthing." ¦ ..
Paw took the ' quarter and The first
Thing enny of »s new he. Threw it in the
Coal man's face, j
Then the coal man made a Rush at paw,
and I don't no just how It Happened, but
the next Time I got a chance to look the
coal man was tumbulling backwards over
a chair, and when he Got settled down In
the corner of the offus he Stayed there
quiet and peaceabull. But the Driver herd
the Racket and Came tairing in From the
yard and started for paw.
I was afrade paw was Going to get et
up Then,' becoz the Driver, looked "big and
Hungry. After they had nocked over a
cupple of high stools and a Drop lite sum
thing happened to the Driver that I
couldn't cuite see. and his hed struck
against a corner of the Railing .when he
came down.
It took the crowd nearly Five minutes
to puil Uncle Ramsey .• loose from where
he tried to Crawl under the Safe and Got
his wooden Laig fast, but paw wouldn't
say a word all the way home.
- ."-;-. , GEORGIE.
(Copyright. 1001, S. S. McClure Company.)
WHEN . we mooved Here last
spring paw Got interested in
the Lawn the first thing. Maw
liked It Becoz one of the closets
had a Windo, but paw sed the
Thing that made hinr the Gladdest was
the lawn, s»Tie bot A dollar aijd sixty
Sents worth of clover seed, arid was a-
Gcing to make the Sod better. But me and
Little albert Happened to Spill it in the
Garbldge can. After, that we filled the
Bag with saw dust. The captun next
Door has a little shop in his Back yard
and he Let us have .the .Dust 'free.. Paw
sowed it the next Day Jand In About a
munth He sed, you woudri't Hardly know
it was the Salm grass.
Last Saturday afternoon two big Horses
that Belong to a Man that runs a Coal
yard" down by. the Gas house got out of
the stable sum way and Came gallopun
along With their tales up" and Looking
over their Left shoulders till' they Got to
our house. Then they Trotted up on the
Lawn, stepping prttty high, Like If they
were Afraid they mite Get their feet wet,
becoz It Had been raining a Lot lately and
the Ground was all soft.
Paw got Home a few minutes before it
Happened, and when I went in the House
to Tell him about It'he called the Dawg
and came Out without wajtingto hunt for
his Hat." It would of been easy enuff to
Track the horses without Hunting around
much for the sent. Wherever they ftept
you Could of planted Things without hav
lnsr to. DIsr. ,
"When the horses Saw paw they 'kicked
up In Front and Then behind and Snorted.
a Few times to Sho that they were no
Hard feelings on' Their side, and then sur
ckled around till they Got our Lawn to
Looking like a place where the Circus
moved away, from the Day before.
J"aw told the Dawg to Slckum, but the
Dawg Seemed to Think we Were on
Friendly relashens with the horses, so he
scooted up on the portch with maw and
Uttle albert, and Uncle Ramsey.
"They are only One thing I am thankfull
for," paw sed, After the Horses stopped
Gallopun around and Got to waiting to
See If paw was Going to take it as a
Joke or not.
"What's that?" Uncle Ramsey ast.
"The man that Got me to Think it would
be a good thing to have our Children gro
up with a Dawg has the Tyfoid fever,"
paw told him.
Before we Could think of ennything else
to Do" the • man that Let the horses get
away came on the Run. When they saw
him they gave a few Jumps side ways on
a patch of Grass that was nearly as Good
as new, and then went around the corner
without Pretending to notus Him.
A W^Sh^-Ssi?-)^.
The physicians of Trenton, N. J., are
puzzling their heads over the remarkable
case of Joseph Geskie, who increased his
weight twenty-four pounds in two days by
lying in bed and eating cinnamon buns.
Geskie appeared at a recruiting station a
few days ago. He was the picture of dis
tress. His clothes were in tatters and he
had a hungry look.
"I want to jine the army," he said to
the recruiting officer. "I've hoofed It all
the way from Connecticut, an' reckon I
don't look as cute as I might, butyl c'n
fight an' I'll show up all right, I guess. In
a. uniform."
"When Geskie sot on the scales he tip
ped the beam at 12S pounds. "Too light
for our use. young man," said the officer;
"you ou£-ht to weigh up In .the forties
fccmewhere."
Two days later Keskie reappeared at the
recruiting station looking the picture of
health. His face was full and his stomach
veil rounded.
"I reckon I c'n hit the mark now," he
said, as he walked across the room and
stepped on to the scales. " The officer
weighed him and he struck the 152-pound
notch.
The officer was astounded and searched
Geskie's clothes for hidden weights, but
could find none. "How did you manage
It?" he asked.
"It's easy enough," Geskie answered;
"I've been able to change my weight ever
senee I was a boy. I went to a hotel an*
v.-ont to bed. I bought three dozen cinna
mon buns an' eat 'em as fast as I could."
•The name of Joseph Geskie was added
to the list of volunteers.
Sonne Fur^y Ones-
;It tugged and leaped at its leash. It wa3
, a ninety-footer of the kind then made to
rise with startling rapidity so that the
jumper could get the mast there, was out
2 of the spectacular, part of It. My nerve
almost, failed me as the moments passed,
and if they had not given the signal to let
go when they did I would have Iimomln
iously backed down. As It was, I was on
the point of turning round to speak to
Van Tassel when the jerk came.
"I suppose It was a mere matter of In
stinct, but I followed the instructions to
run a few steps and leap with the balloon
in .order to lessen the shock of the sud
den separation from the earth. My leg"?
were through rope loops and the ¦ Una
would have held me had unconsciousness
: come, but with the Ir&t wave of fright
passed I actually begun to enjoy myself.
"I looked down and could see a wonder
ful panorama rapidly unfolding under* me.
I have seen the .same *hing many times
since, but a more novel right nevei; struck
my vision. Mountains seemed to be slow
* ly" leveled and the waters of the laVa
gradually to spread over tee earth, then
rapidty to recede. I " looked up and was
shocked to find the balloon gone. Appar
ently I was suspended from nothing but a
hundred feet ¦ of taut rone. In fact. *he
bag had simply gone 'nto a cloud and was
out of sight.
"The next instant I beard the signal
shot from the professor's revolver. Jly
hand went out in search of* the. cut-off
rope/ I clutched it, then' I let it go again.
My heart was in my throat. 'Just one
pull,' said my b'rain. Again my hand went
out. Again I hesitated. Only a little tag
and then, what? 'Weli, if I had had any
idea, of how long it. took the old style
'chute to open I would never have plucked
up courage enough to pull .that cord. My
heart was beating a' tattoo in my breast
and it was about all that I c/Suld do to
.hold, on. I cautiously tried "the rope. It
seemed to be working. Then I cut loose.
''It-was a clear drop of several hundred
feet before r there was any staying of the
downward momentum. A sickness that
seemed mortal possessed me.- A drowning
man, they say, sees his life pass before
him In review. I saw nothing, I felt
everything. My only recollection is of a
. horror, a terrible black shape crouching'
Just above me. I did not even -think to
look at the chute. I simply held on and
fell/fell.
"Then just before unconsciousness
came, just as I had made up my mind
that the thud was coming the next mo
ment, I seemed to awake from a dream
to find myself sailing slowly, oh, so slow-
ly. It seemed, down to earth again, al
though really at the rate of 100 feet a sec
ond The change came so swiftly that It
did not seem reaL
"But there before. me was the prettiest
and most welcome sight I had ever seen—
the lake; the. mountains, the tiny human
specks on the beach. Off to one side I
saw the big balloon just toppling over for
Its drop. A minute later I struck the
beach with a suddenness that jarred me
almost unconscious.
"The next moment a half score of boat
men were pulling in my direction. A spe
cial prize of $25 had been offered the man
who picked me up if I landed in the lake, *
and the nearest man was hurriedly shout
ing to me to jump in so he could get me,
promising to divide. I tnought too much,
of my new tights, however, and then the
professor came up beaming his congrratu-
latlons. It seems I had really made a star
ascension. While I had sat studying
whether to pull or not to pull, the 'chute
had followed the balloon cut of sight and
when I came down it was a veritable
tumble from the clouds.
"Since then I have made hundreds of
leaps, but I have n°ver entirely lost the
feeling of dread my first journey gave me.
The 'chutes In use now open almost at
once after they are cut loose, and a man
gets no such nervous shock as the old
ones with their" slow, steady openings
gave. . # p
"The descent formerly was too rapid for
calculation, and no man could have the
least sensibility of what was going on
about him. He simply held en and hoped
for the best. If the 'chute did not open
he would never feel the Impact with th»
earth. ; He would be dead to all feeling
long before he reached it.
"Danger? No, not so very much. If a
man kept, his gear in good shape tho
"chute always opened. Several times men
have been killed by its failure to do so.
but it ' was because triey did not watch
their gear.
"The cutting loose waa done by a pair
of knives placed' like a scissors over the
connecting rope between chute and bag,
and if the lever did not work, all a man
had to do was to wait until the air Inside
the bag cooled off and lost Its hoisting
powers. Then the descent was mora
perilous, because of the balloon's weight,
but not much, as the air generally held
out till the earth was reached."
Un'/^i Pacific Railroad began its attempt
to make the Great Salt Lake in Utah a
popular inland seaside resort. All sorts of
attractions were offered. Among . them
were various torts of outdoor perform
ances of the kind* made familiar by the
circus.
"My partner and I were doing a trapeze
turn at the beach. One day as we sat at
'lunch in a downtown restaurant my eye
fell upon a big three-sheet poster an
nouncing the first balloon ascension by
the great Van Tassel at Garfield Beach
on the following day. Parachute jumping
was little known in those days, and we
made merry over the Impossibility of do
ing what was set forth on the poster.
"At the next table sat a man who
seemed m5ghti!v'intcrested Inour. conver
sation. The bills eet .forth some immense .
sum that was to be paid the famous trav
eler of the air. and I remarked that I
would be perfectly willing to make the
trip for $100. The n?xt day as we were
walking on tho bearh the man we hid
seen in tho restaurant nnproarhed a'nd be
pan ta'king ball«on. He allied if I v/qs
prepared to make good the offer of the
day before. I was dee'dedly taken aback
and began to stammer a* reply.
"Then he explained that he was " Van
Tassel, and that he ana hi? wife lived in
San ' Francisco. The engagement ha-J
been mad(! by telegraph and in the hurry
of packing his canvass the balloon use-J
by his wife had been substituted for his
own. / ; ''
"You know that parachutes are of dif
ferent dimensions, graded according to the
weight of the performer. His wife
weighed 1S5: he weighed 170: and to use her
outfit was out of the question. He said he
was to get $1200 for eight ascensions and
if he could not get a substitute he would
.have to throw up the contract. He of
fered me $300 if I would go up the first
two days, by which time he expected his
balloon would arrive.
"It is a point of honor with show peoDle
to make good their little bluffs, and while
I was hesitating he k?pt shoving at me
column after column cf newspaper clip
pings Intended to prove that there was
nothing dangerous about the leap. Tho
upshot of it was that I look him up, an.1
that afternoon I • decked myself • In my
prettiest pair of tights, determined to die
beautifully if not bravi-ly.
"I must have shown something of my !n
ward misgiving In my eye, as the pro
fessor gave me a last opportunity to back
out. I was game, however, and let them
tie the lifeline to me and graspad the bar
in both hands.
"The bag looked like a live monster .13
RIDING the bag is boy's play howai
days," raid the retired aeronaut, as
he tossed aside a batch of circulars
explaining how easy andrafe par
achute jumping is in this age of mechan
ical achievement, and incidentally calling
attention to the extraordinarily low prices
for which aerial outfits were offered.. "It
wasn't so ten yoars ago. J
"Then a man ma5e an ascent that was
an ascent. He didn't begin working the
lever the minute he got above the tree
tops and could just about make out where
to land. Instead he let the machine al
most roach the cloud line; then he let
loose and cam-? down in full view of the
people for miles around. Such an ascen
sion was worth while seeing, and it was
well worth making.
"Parachute jumping Is a modern ad
junct to the ballooning business. The rec
ords are silent as to the identity of its
inventor, but it is not more than fourteen
or fifteen years sftice it was first attempt
ed. Hundreds and even thousands of dol
lars* were paid in those days for a single
ride.
"Out at Quincy, III., alorg in 1STS. lived
two young fellows named EaldwinJ By
dint of long practice in the gymnasium
they became experts on the bar and tra
peze. Both were, daring athletes and they
turned their training and nerve to Rood
account. They were among the first to_
take up the new idea, and gave exhibi
tions of dropping from the clouds in va
rious parts of the world, including Con
stantinople, Vienna, Berlin and Calcutta.
They camd home in 1S00 with $100,000 clear
money. To-day they are among the sub
stantial citizens of their home town, own
ers of the baseball nark and proprietors
of a big factory, which turns out every
thing needful for an aeronaut.
"Another of the p5oneers*was Professor
Van Tassc!. He taught his wife the busi
ness and the pair of them made big
money before competition cut prices to
pieces. Van Tassel, by the way. Is dead
now. About four years ago he went to
the Hawaiian Islands and made the first
ascension ever witnessed in Honolulu. Un
fortunately for him he dropped into the
Pacific Ocean and was eaten by sharks
before the eyes of his wife, who had gone
out in a tugboat for the purpose of pick
ing h!m up. •;
"1 took my first lesson in riding the bag
from Van Tassol. It came about In a
curious way. About eight years ago the
THE OLD BALLOONIST TALKS OF PARACHUTE JUMPS IN EARLY DAYS
9
7 -i /
THE SUNDAY CALL..
GEORGIE EXPLAINS HOW PA SETTLED WITH THE COAL MAN
HR. A. ESOP'S FABLES UP -TOV DATE,,
(Copyright, 1901, by A. J. Moore.)theater. There Is a scaffolding built In
the form of a hollow square, three sides
of which are roofed over and divided into
the boxes of the grand stand, while the
front side contains the stage, to the right
of which is the imperial box, draped with
purple curtains stamped -with the*' white
chrysanthemum, the national symbol. The
period of the dance play, as -it might be
called, occupies from four to six hours on
three successive . days, and to i attend * an
entire performance is a trial indeed, for
the chief end and aim of each" actor is to
make himself as statuesque and wooden
as i possible, while he | recites his lines in
nasal tones that would put even the prim
itive American to blush. There is no at
tempt at scenic • effect, but the \ costumes
are magnificent and treasured in the fam
ily as its most precious possessions. r t\'
from 9 to 12 years and they are oresseo!
alike, 1 In the native costume, formerly
worn by ladies at court.' The lower gar
ment of bright ; cardinal red :. is '..very
similar j to the divided skirts now worn;
the upper, part of the body Is clothed In a
white kimono, with 'square sleeves; the
opening at the throat Is filled in ; with
loese folds of, red and white crepe. ;Over
this is worn a white gauze kimono painted
with . the wistaria crest of the -Kasuga
Temple.: The front is short, leaving the
red undersklrt : In sight,' while the back
breadths fall to the floor In a moderate
train.' : ' - . .¦ ¦ •¦
. The faces of the little creatures are cov
ered thickly with white paint, laid. on in
Van Dykes; ; the" points . touching the hair
on the forehead and neck. Their lips are
heavily rouged in the center, which make
the mouths look small and the. lips very
pouting ; ¦ their ; eyebrows are shaved 1 and
a penciled dot I Is placed ' above each one,
midway between it and the hair. • So mo
tionless are their lips and so expression
less their countenances that at first one
thinks they are mere masks.
Their long black hair Is caught together
at the nape of the neck with loops of
gold paper and then folded In soft, white
rice paper and left to hang, down ; the
back. In the front of the hair are thrust
long hairpins, decorated with clusters of
wistaria and red camellias, which stand
out like horns. Each dancer carries an
old court fan, made' of wooden . sticks,
strung together. with. multi-colored silken
cords, and a curious double-decked rattle,
from which hang long ends of colored silk.
The music furnished by the priests, who
put on . over their ordinary dress cere
monial growns, which reach to their heels.
On their heads they set queer shaped,
high black hats. - They sit on the soft
white mats and pound the temple drums
and blow . a discordant noise from pipes
that would have driven Fin mad with tor
ture, while the priestesses move languidly
through the solemn- figures of the dance.
g These-- dainty creatures begin with a
light, swift walk within a circle, then they
advance, retreat, move from one side of
their small stage to the. other,' slowly
raise their fans and gently shake the rat-
tie, whtch Is large enoagn for a baby
giant, and with a few changes of posture
repeat from the beginning. It is a com
mercial transaction entirely, and, for a
second payment they will dance a second
time. When they have finished they
slowly drop on the heels and bend forward
until their foreheads touch the* white
mats.
To the foreigner this dance Is simply a
curious custom connected with the temple
observances of an old and most Interest
ing people, a charming translation of
legend and story into the language of liv
ing grace and the poetry of a young girl's
soft expression; but the Shinto follower
finds in it the acme of pleasure and a most
sacred rite; it Is the goal toward which
he has bent his steps for months and he
enjoys it with unalloyed pleasure.
A modification of the primitive religious
dance- is shown In "The Jourl." which re
quires the services of a chorus to chant
the .story while the actors, masked and
dresed in rich brocade, fall into pic
turesque attitudes suggested by the in
cidents of the narrartive.
The Mlko-kagura, or ¦acred mirror
dance, is still seen in the various great
Shinto shrines, although the sama figgr—
axe not repeated in any two^,
THE SUNDAY CALL.
revisit their old hzznt*, be! ess to this
UJT SAN and her sister geisbas are
so celebrated that the popular im
pression Is that all the dancing in
Dla Nippon Is done by young girls
who are trained for the profession
and hired for the occasion. Nothing
could be farther from the real truth. Men,
¦women and children dance daily in honor
of some mysterious god or goddess of
mythological times; on the anniversary of
the birth or death of a deified hero; In the
streets, at the theaters, before the tem
ples in celebration of one or other of their
frequently recurring matsuris.
There are a great variety of dances of
Immemorial antiquity, accompanied by
elnging and chanting, which are cele
brated in the temple courts or on tem
porary stages erected for the purpose ' on'
certain festival occasions. The sacred
dances executed by the virgins and priest
esses of the Shinto temples, and the
X>ance of Souls, which takes place on the
third evening of the festival, when all the
spirits of the departed are supposed to
. "The i Kagura," ffts| performed •* by j the
young I priestesses at the Wakamiya
Shrine,' Nara? - is a : most curious | and in- :
teresting spectacle, • with } many , ppints of
. picturesqueness. j * On , an » open v.-. veranda,
facing low wooden seats arranged for 'the
pilgrims who journey thither annually; and
the curious V foreigner who wishes to see
as ! much as possible of the - old-time | cus
toms and ;. costumes, - which. - are i , being
rcpidly swept away .by thej introduction
of foreign fashions,' .a group of C young
girls, daughters of priests dedicated to the
calling, arrange themselves preparatory, to
darcing. ' ," .' . ',¦¦.¦•
The ages of the little priestesses rang*
oftentimes than his alphabet, for the most
ignorant [ Japanese is j well versed . in the
legends and history of his country, but
tho * ancient ¦ idiom Is ' beyond him. The
best representations -of- the No may ibe
seen at the Koyokwan Club house," Tokio,
but, like all other things that axe done for
the purpose' of amusing foreigners, they
lack the spontaneity and- charm of "the
original production., ¦ • . ¦
The buildings for the No dance are tem
porary ones, half dancing stage and' half
Aa occasional representation has been
given since the restoration by families
who have handed down the art from
father to son for hundreds of years, but
the taste for pastime of this sort Is dying 1
out among the modern 'Japanese.
class, as well as & variety or priests'
dances which may be seen at the thea
ters. Here the actors, dressed as priests,
perform a rosary dance and then go
through curious and ludicrous evolutions
on their knees and finish the entertain
ment by marching up to. a great bell and
repeating their prayers.
The No dance, which is partly lyric, is a'
survival of the pantomime festival dance
of the Shinto temples, and up to the sev
enteenth century was" a dance pf the peo
ple for the. people. From that period,
however, it became the chief amusement
of the Shoguns and the . nobility, and
princes and nobles often took part in the
performances when they were entertain
ing those of higher rank than themselves.
The chanted poems are written,- in
classic language, " and " only, '-the '...very
learned are able ' to ' follow the play, and
even they do so with book in hand. ' The
bare argument of , the , play, however, . is
better, known to the commonest cooU«
10
DAINTY SACRED DANCERS
OF JAPANSenorita Virginia Herrera."
. - "It was : like trying to climb a lightning
rod:'.! It reminded me;, of: the times : when
.in my youth 'I used - to •scale aU : sorts .of
. v ¦ c "- ." ¦ - - •¦-¦'•¦¦-{¦. ±i ' ' ¦•'.:
.•"However, the wedding party was above
¦watching . us vwlth . anxious.. anticipation.
We : tackled the ladder. . . - ¦ . h " . - :
Now it is right here thac' the hero usual
ly steps in in the well*regulsited romance.
And the,hero was 'on the spot in the
person.of Camflo Cacpola, a. fireman on
the Curacao! He. heard the distressing
Story and the warm blood of his Italian
ancestors throbbed through his veins With
chivalrous pity for the -IS-yeaf-old* victim
of an ungaflant Immigration law. !
"Marry me, senorita.V. said he, "and be
free!; As my wife 'you .can go and come us
you please."-. ¦¦.--:¦ '"^ '-¦••¦ - -.-••• -•-.-
The sound of the soft Italian, so akin to
her own native, tongue, fell sweetly upon
the ears . of Senorita .Virginia Herrera.
6he consented. ;>' * ¦•-.¦¦• j :
" And; now yet anotht'r character appears
in / the v pretty llttlft romance — Justice
Thomas F. Dunn." He was the one to er.
act the part of the Dalriarch who Joined
the hands of the lovers and says brokenly,
"Bless you, my children!" Of course thero
Is a Blight inconsistency here arising from
the fact that the genial Justice is a young
and handsome fellow Instead of a whlte
whlskered' father, in Israel, but what
would you? One can't expect to have in
this benighted a«e all the concomitants of
a strictly medieval romance; bo you must
Imagine the white whiskers and let It go
at that. : , • . -; *. : r
"It was truly * romantic affair from be
ginning to end," >amlled Justice Dunn
the other: day; --'.'A- messenger came to
my chambers begging me to go down to
the Curacao. to perform a marriage cere
mony. I It '.was rather, an unusual request,
but the messenger exolalned the urgency
of the matter, fo. I accompanied him.
. '.'Arrived . at the dry docks « of the Union
Iron Works, I -was dismayed to flnd the
steamer standing high and dry, her decks
some; sixty or seventy-five feet above the
ground,\and no means 1 of 'gaining them
save by the.way'of the perpendicular lad
der thatclune to its sides. . . <
' This- was on Monday, and on the'follow
ing Sunday the Curacao was to start on
the return- trip to Mexico. " Unless a mira
cle happened or the Emigration Commls
iBloner was suddenly stricken with soften
ing of the heart Senorita Virginia and her
; sister would be comoelled to return— one
to the dull routine of life. In a home she
did not love" and the other" to the drunken
husband and the daily beatings.
Many. appeals were made and a number
of stratagems inaugurated,- but the Emi
gration .CommiBsioner eave them all the
Stony eye. He was there to see that the
laws of the country '.'wore obeyed and not
even beauty in distress* could move him.
RIANDE BOIS-GUILBERT-the
Round Table— the days of old—
who shall dare pay the age of
chivalry Is past?
It is a very .old Baying that
'Hove laughs at locksmiths;" but it re
mained for an up-to-date loVe to give the
laugh to the Emigration Commissioner—
that flinty-hearted ogre who would bar
love out of a country that certainly ap
preciates love when it is the real thing
such as the case in question undoubt
edly Is. •
Filled with the longing to gain a home
in the United States, Senorita Virginia
Herrera sailed , from Mazatlan a short
time ago on the steamer Curacao, 'At
Ensenada, her sister, by one of those
strange chances that sometimes occur,
boarded the same vessel and also sailed
away from the Land of Manana with the
fear of a drunken husband in her heart;
for she had a husband, a government of
ficial, who drank mescal and then beat
her. As he was drunk practically all the
time, the beatings came most regularly
and with but little time between whiles
to allow the bruises to get well. "With
this married sister. Concepelon, came also
her two small -children.";
All went well after the voyage was well
begun. Away to the' east was the gray
and green shore of the land of the Ameri
canos. All round the air was fresh with
a suggestion of the new life that was
stretching out before . them, away from
the drudgery and the fumes of mescal.
Far up the coast lay the Mecca of their
dreams— the Golden Gate; and beyond the
Golden Gate— their future. - v- tS ;
• - At last the Curacao reached the.dry
dock of the Union Iron Works, where tbe
Ogre appeared. All romances, you know,
must of necessity have a villain; and, In
tEIs case the. Emigration Commissioner
was cast for that role— quite unwillingly,
you understand, for the Emigration Com
missioner is really the best-hearted fellow
in the world; but when necessity «ternly
decrees that there must be a. villain. there
ia nothing for you to do but act the part. ••
..It was found that under the ' law gov
erning immigration j Senorita Herrera, "as
well as her Bister, could not land..
This was ahf.wful situation;, no "money,
no friends, stranded at the, doors of a
strange' land; among whose lan
guage, even, she ceuld not speak,' ¦ ;-/.= :
• '*'' "¦¦¦„- . •¦-'¦¦
But Concepelon, the unfortunate sister,
was weeping bltterty Irt-the now lonely
cabin, f»r i ho wav had as yet opened to '
her. The Ogre was frowning one© more
and no Justice Dunn ceuld possibly fescue
her, for she had a husband already, . or
one who called himself her husband and
drank hieseal. Her reception if she went
back to Ensenada would be something to
give one as nightmare for years after
ward. _ ' • / - .. * - • >
• r>ay after ¦ day Concepelon leaned over
th« rail W6.tehlng the deckhands ¦ harry
ing the cargo into . the hold. Upon , the
wharf her sister Bat trying to cheerjher
up with the hope that another miracle
might happen. Slgnor Cappola- worked
all through the day In the fire room and
after working hours labored indefatlgobly,
to bring Influence to bear In favor of his
hapless sister-in-law. '¦'• •. :
And -he t succeeded. . San " Francisco peo
pte took up the cause Of thd unfortunata
sister, she .was brought : before | the - Emi
gration Commission and finally declared
eligible to land. And then, as if by magic,
the forbidding frown : of the ; terrible Eml- '
gration „ Commissioner , smoothed' /away
into a benignant smile and it was he,. who, .
following : the; example, of >. kind-hearted
Justice Dunn, gave freedom and a father
ly blessing to , the • other < released captive.
"That- certainly was no bar, although
many people of our country prefer a mar
rlagB, where money and not love is the
main Incentive that guides , the marriage
ceremony. . , ,"" '¦ '>.
"The little procession formed and
marched' to the captain's cabin to the Lo
hengrin wedding march. I performed the
marriage service, and Senorlta Virginia
Herrera, -* who ;¦ had come aboard with no
thought of marriage, went ashore with a
husband; for Emigration Commissioner
North, hearing of th» wedding, cent word
to his deputies t© allow the couple to
land. . ;' ,
" 'Only.' that We love each other,' said
the young lady, .and it took all her lim*
ited stock of English to frame the sen
tence. - ¦ • ¦ \
';"Wb proceeded to the c&blh, and- 1 be
gan asking the Usual questions necessary
in such cases. . Neither had ever -been
married before. " Both Were of marriagea
ble,age. .'Are you in any way related?*
I asked finally.
"But vseot upon the decks all right.
Just how I don't t femember. All such min
or details were swallowed up and forgot*
ten in the wave of thanksgiving that we
were alive. ' ¦¦¦..- ' ¦. \ .
impossible' places 'coonlnff* apples. I got
nearly to the ton and Began to feel a
very unrotnarttle desire tt) be Well out 6f
It and in my easy chair once more. It la
good to rise in the world, but net.bn a
ladder that goes straight up ahd d6wn.
A Mighty People.
The Ij«i>l5cal mention of this peopl«
would lead us io suppose that they were
merely one of the small tribes in Pales
tine, like the JcbuEltes and the Hivites.
»ut the history inscribed upon the monu
ments of Egypt and Assyria leads us l »
quite other conclusions. From these it is
evident that Hitiites, or Khetta, as tho
i-gypUa r.s call them, were a powerful con
federation of tribes living in Northern
fcyr.a ar.ri Ae'a Minor any time before
<^1 , °* (in<1 lhe n onward until tile
«ig1)th century 1% c.
From the Egyptian paintings of these
peoMe we kno-.v that they were of a light
?» vT,, eomi)lexion ' sma11 In stature, and
iaat ii: e m<m WGre their hair in pigtails,
yn account of this mode of picturing
g5? b0^ "»itt« Egyptian monuments
ana on those attributed to the Hittites
themeelves it has been concluded that tho
Hi c : c c^ Mongolian stock, as dis
tineuiEhed from the Aryans and Semites,
by whom they were surrounded.
Pe>*i a -iery powerful one. for all the
Every one familiar with the Bible has
road there of the Illtlltes as one of the
seven na-tfors which were conquered by
the Israelites when they took possession
of the Promised Land, under the leader
ehlp of Joshua. Others may remember
that l.'rlah. the friend of David, whose
wife was taken by that monarch, w'as a
Hittite. so that, according to the tradi
tion which connects Jesus with David,
there tvus Hittite blood in his veins, fir
Bclonicn was the son of David and the
*"Ife of Uritth.
IS the centuried Hlttite problem at last
to be solved? Are we now to ascer
tain who this mysterious people were,
whence they came, what they thought
and what thev did? It seems more
than likely that our scholars are upon the
erve of some wide reaching discoveries re
lative to this mysterious ancient race, for
b. large mass of new material has Just
been brought before them by the re
searches of a French explorer. It Ernett
Chantre of the University of Lyons. He
has been working for two rears or more
in Cappadoda, and there he. haa un
earthed remarkable ancient monuments
of the Hittite and Pelasgic age and peo
ples, together with numerous Inscription*
tn the Assyrian cuneiform character,
which may go far toward a solution of
the most puzzling question with which
the echolars of the- world have ever
wrestled.
BT CLIFTON HARBT LEVY.
Another, palace Was : found ¦ at Eski-
Koilak, and here was the throne Used by
the king, formed of - a solid "block of
stone, .with two lions looking out from
It. Buyuk-Kaleh, or the great fortress, is
a tremendous piece of work, some nine
hundred yards from the palace which it
was intended to protect. 1 Cyclopean walls
recalling . those of Tiryns and Mycenae
are stil! standing in some ¦ places. , They
are from sixteen to twenty feet in thick
ness. Between the fortress and the. pal»-
Colossal Work.
thelr magnitude'. It .was., at some dis
tance from tho palace thai ' one of the
most interesting monuments found was
discovered. ¦" It , was . A -'. bas-relief of a
double-headed eagle, afterward adopted
by tho Austrlans and Russians.
Along the face of the living rocks of
Boghaa - Keui were' -found", processions
seemlnrly of gods, and It Is. thought that
those are monumental reminders of the
conquest of Cappadocia by the Hittltes,
aided, as they . thought, by their divini
ties.., • ¦ •: -_:.• •¦"¦- ¦ •¦• •
It was generally held that the relation
between the HIttites and the Babylon
ians was later, than that with the Egyp
tians,- but the discovery of the stele at
Babylon and the finding of these cuhel-
ace the largest number of cuneiform tab
lets Was found. . .. . •-¦ ¦¦¦'¦'/
The ; discovery of ; these tablets has
aroused no small amount of •interest, for
they seem > to "go back at least to the time
of Amenophis III and IV, when the As-.
Syrian" * was borrowed by the
ancient '¦ Armenians and their neighbors.
These*, tsfblets Tare comparable in all re*
spects *fyh ,thqse found In Egypt at Tel
el'Amariia: fixes their date with
considerable 'exactness*' The largest tab
let of all-in a perfect state of preserva
tion contains a list Of the cities, which
must be of great historical and geo
graphical value. There are aBtrologlcal
tablets; contract, tablets and lexicographi
cal fragments which are of Bpeclal In
terest. I M. Chantre holds that- according
tothe style of the writing many of these
tablets date from 2000 B. C. or earlier.
The priest seems to be pouring out a
Mbatlon to the nroddess,. while behind him
stands a priestess, clothed in a loner rooe,
j presenting some offering with both hands.
Two other persons follow,: possibly the
sacrificing worshluers. Here we are In
A' great palace of the Hittltes, guirded
by the two sphinxes, the huge stones of
the walls astonishing* the beholder by*
At Euyuk M. Chantre found a huge tell,
as the mounds of ruins are called, in. the
center of which were two great sphlnies,
together with bas-reliefs of processions
or priests with offerings for the Hittite
deities. The most notable of these rep
resents a ecrtese of- foUr'persons render
ing- homage to a goddesp. who is seated.
The figure of the goddess is ahnost alto
gether broken away, but the leading fig
ure standing upright Is certainly afprlest,
find the goddess was probably Cybele, to
judge from other representations found
in the neighborhood.
has bern found yet, but scholarship never
gives up; it only postpones and. says, If
nonplueed, "better luck next time."
The fact has also been proved that an
terior' to the making of the Hittite in
scriptions, found elsewhere, an entire
primitive civilization was developed In
Cappadocia by this remarkable people,
coming we know not whence, and their
close connection with the Babylonians at
a very ancient date is no less conclusively
proved.
In summing up the- results of these ex
cavations the explorer holds that they
prove the date of the Hlttltes to be much
earlier than has usually been supposed,
running back to at "least 3000 B. C. He
suggests that this date should be assigned
to the foundation of the palace and fort
ress of Boghax-Keui. as well as of the
other cities found In this locality.
Sack to 8000 B. C.
Nor is it possible to belleva that the
Cappadoclans could have borrowed from
the Aegeans, for though their "art Is com
parable in Its early, stage, It is original in
subject and treatment. And. besides. In
Cappadocia the axes and stone Implements
of the earliest period resemble those found
in Armenia far more than they do those
of Greece. It Is peculiar that at Euyuk.
as at- Hlssarlik, incineration seems to
have been the method of disposing of the
dead, rather than any kind of buria.1- .
Passing to the southern part of Cappa
docia, M. Chantre found Indisputable
proof that the Hlttltes had occupied this
part of the country completely, for there
at Ferak-Edln was a great bas-relief. It
was only a few miles from th» village of
Feraktln, cut into the cliff over a stream.
The sculptures are about six feet from tha
top of the cliff and extend ten feet in
length, being three feet high. The scene
represented is that in which two divini
ties, one male and one female, receive the
offerings of their worshipers.
HIssarUk and Cyprus. The second epoch
corresponds to that of Mycenae, for here
we can note the beginning- of painting,
and the predominance of geometrical and
curved designs over those of animals.
, The prehistoric stage may well claim the
stone and bfonae utensils. found there, as
well as the coarser pottery and the heads
of animals, comparable to those found at
Concerning the sixteen tablets found at
Euyuk, M. Chantre states that while the
writing on these tablets seems to ap
proach that usually found on similar As
syrian tablets, the forms of some of the
characters differ materially from those
used by the Babylonians. ¦ That these
characters so used were a variation In
troduced by the Hlttltes after borrowing
the method of writing seems certain on
account of the Hittite monuments, amid
Which these tablets were discovered.
It is surprising to learn from one of the
tablets that It ' was the custom even at
that remote date to pay Interest" on loans,
and that sums of money were loaned by
the priests for the temple, and that; on
the other hand the priests sometimes bor
rowed from the people, but at their risk.
One of the tablets reads: "If all of his
money makes a 'profit In the temple
Sahamilrama may take the profit, but if
the money Is lost in the temple Sahamil
rama loses It." . '
It Is proven also by the architectural
remains and the pottery found that the
Hlttltes were possessed . of a civilization
closely, approaching' that of the Aegeana
at. a verjf distant period. M. Chantre has
no doubt that the relations between the
Hlttltes and the Babylonians extended aS
far back as 3000 B.« C. The "Information
as to the life of the ancient Hlttltes is
fuller on account of these researches, and
the finding of what the discoverer calls
a Pelasglan ( city, with remains compar
able to those of Mycenae and Cyprus, will
furnish much food for thought, and fur
ther Investigation. - . . '
\ A Mortgage on a Temple.
form writings at fioghaz-Keul show that
the relations between the Hittltes and the
Assyrians were very ancient indeed.
, The mission of M. Chantre
to Cappadocia had for its pur
pose to investigate this Hit
tite problem, and its results
are of the first importance.
He Trent to Boghaz-keul, and
was the first to excavate the
sites of this famous old Hit
tite capital. There he found
baked clay tablets, in Assy
rian script, but some of them
in the language of the Hit
tites. This will settle the na
ture of the language and help
us finally to read the peculiar
Hittite hieroglyphics, not yet
satisfactorily deciphered. A,
multitude of other objects
found by him throw light on
ths art of the people. When
we remember that Hittite cul
ture covered*all Asia Minor,
and that its art is hardly dis
tinguishable from the Myce
naean, the mother of Greek,
we cannot too highly value
such investigations as those
of M. Chantre.
*=jj= =J TTrTTtK Is no more impor-
Jj tant historical puzzle to
i* be solved th.cn that of the
people that occupied Asia
Miner during the thousand
years before, we- became fairly
acquainted with Greek civili
zation. This -was the time of
the Mycenaean culture, which,
we know from gems and pot
tery. Just then. Crete was In
its glory, as lately proved by
Mr. Evans and Mr. Hognrth.,
It was this period en which
the various excavations of Dr.
Schliemann have tbrowa much,
light. It was then that the
letters written at Tel-el-
Amarna were ¦ written, ', that
have opened to us the history
of Palestine and Syria as far
back as 14OO B. C. The expe
ditions of the Egyptian Kings
of the eighteenth and nine
teenth dynasties most pro
foundly affected "Western Asia,
and out of the contact and
conflict there of Egyptian and
Assyrian ideas and civilization
arose the Phoenician, the He
brew and the Hittite nations.
Of tb*se the Hlttite seems to
hive been much the strongest,
arid perhaps the most influen
tial, but still the least known.
The stone column nn which this pioturo
and inscription stand is 49 inches high. 21
inches wide and 14 Inches thick. It seems
paralyzing to look at the clearly cut hiero
glyphs and; studying the pictures of arm,
leg, foot, head of a man. with the hand
up, and all the other familiar pictures, to
have to admit that we cannot read a syl
lable of it, Only after M,. Chantre 1 s in*
ecriptions have been carefully gone over
by the scholars of , Europe and America
will it be possible to state that ne solution
And It was a wonderful people, 1 If we are
to judge from the monuments In stone and
clay which it ha* left to the world ' to
puzXle over for centuries. On all sides Its
memorials are discovered; even In Baby
lon, that stronghold of Aryan and Semitic
power. The German expedition now un
covertng the ruins has found a great bas
rellcf of a Hittite deity, the god of thun
der and lightning, with a. long, perfectly
preserved inscription on It, but which no
one can interpret. .
It Is concerned wltii the origin of Greek
civilization, which means the civilization
of all the modern world, for It ' Is from
Greece that all our arts and letters come.
It has been Impossible to trace all of the
letters of the Greek alphabet heretofore,
and it Is uncertain whence these letters
came, but now In the light of the discov
eries made in Cappadocia it seems more
than probable that the inscriptions found
at Mycenae and in Cyprus, which have
astonished many scholars by their like
ness to Hittite characters, may have been
derived from this ardent and powerful
race. ,
Relation of the Greeks.
The texts which he has found are writ
ten In cuneiform characters, but In some
unknown language, which every one be
lieves to be Hittite. The texts have been
read as If they were Assyrian, for the
values of the . syllables are well known,
and here undoubtedly, the interpretation
of the Hlttite language lies.
There Is, however, much more than th«
mere reading of unread monuments in the.
discoveries of M. Chantre, for In Cappa
docia he has found not only Hlttite re
mains, but remains of Pelasgic civilization
as welL An entirely novel Held of specu
lation, which has been broached before,
but never with great force. Is now laid
open for future investigation.
While this is what has been waited for
and expected, aid comes in a peculiar, un
looked for form, which may nevertheless
lead to the solution of this age long mys
tery . x - It , Is to M. Chantre that the dis
covery is due and It was In Cappadocia
that he found the texts which may reveal
the whole truth and furnish the key to
the problem.
"While Professor Hllorecht and a few
, other scholars believe that Professor Jen
sen is on the right track, no one Is yet
ready to assert that the problem is solved
or that th* Inscriptions of the HIttites can
be read with the same accuracy with
which we can now read the , Egyptian
hieroglyphics and the Assyrian cuneiform.
The leading investigators have been wait
ing: to find some little text side by side
with a text in some known language which
will assist the decipherer in reading the
Hittite as he was aided by the Greek of
the Rosetta. Stone in reading the Egyp
tian.
On the Right Track.
All kinds of theories have been set* un.
ranging from Chinese, Turanian. Aryan.
Semitic, to Mayan or Peruvian and Japan
ese. Colonel Conder, who has done sucn
excellent work for the Palestine Explora
tion Fund, believes that he can read evr-ry
Hittite inscription, but net another scholar
in the world accepts his system.
Professor Jensen, a skilled Assyrlologist,
has written several volumes upon the de
cipherment of the Hittitc Inscriptions, but
few accept his conclusions. He holds that
the Hittltes borrowed their alphabet from
the Egyptians, but that the Hato-Arme
nlans, as he calls the early progenitors of
the modern Armenians, formed the lan
guage, which is to be understood in the
light of Armenian, much as ancient
Egyptian has' been 'ne'ped by • modern
Coptic.
The great trouble hitherto was not that
the world did not possess quite a number
of Hltttte monuments.'but that no scholar
In any country could read them. Tha
queer hieroglyphics seemed to J resemble
those of Egypt, yet they could not be read
by them, as a guide. It was found thtit,
as is the case In Chinese, the charactei-s
were to be read down the column some
times, while at' others they read from
right to left and left to right,, or, as it is
called, "boustrephedon" — as an. ox plowa,
turning up one furrow and down the next.
This is a trifle to decipherers of anciSnt.
texts, for some of the earliest Greek
texts read in this fashion. But after it
was ascertained that the characters
should be read In all sorts of directions
the scholars were just as far as .they were
before: they could not translate a. singly
line with any accuracy or sense.
power of Eerypt wu summoned against
them, and treaties were made between
the Egyptian* and Hlttltea on equal
terms. In th« time of Ramesea II mo«-a
than one campaign was necessary to bring
the Hlttltes to terms, and though the
Egyptian Pharaoh was victorious he was
glad to make a treaty with his redoubt
able foe.
From excavations at Hamath and Car
chemlsh, on the Euphrates, and the evi
dence of, Egyptian an.I Assyrian Inscrip
tions It eeems certain that before 1500 IJ.
C. the Hlttltes occupied these two citle*
as capitals and controlled a large part of
Asia Minor. It had been noticed also that
(some Hlttite remains existed In Cappado
cia, that province lying In the center of
Asia Minor to the east of Armenia, and It
is here that M. Chantre has made some
notable discoveries. : <[
THE SUNDAY GAIili. —
11
THE ROMANCE OF THE CURACAO
WHO WERE THE HITTITES? A PUZZLE OF THE AGES.THE STJ^DAY CALL.
12PRICE FIVE CENTS.
VOLUME LXXXIX— NO. 142.
Slayer of William Trewhella at Windsor Hotel Is
Unmoved on Hearing Verdict— Antecedents of
Slayer and His Victim and Story of Crime
GLAZE IS CONVICTED OF MURDER
IN FIRST DEGREE AND PENALTY
IS FIXED AT LIFE IMPRISONMENT
SENTENCED TO SPEND THE
REMAINDER OP HIS LIFE IN
PRISON. •
SUSPECTED SOCIALISTS
ARRESTED BY COSSACKS
sons Thought to Be in Con
[ spiracy.
Officers of the Czar Run Down Per-
BERLIN, April 20.— Dispatches to the
Vorwaerts tell -of: a demonstration at the
funeral of a Jewish mechanic in Wllna, a
city of Russia and capital of the govern
ment of that name. A number of persons
were charged by the Cossacks and sixty
seven arrests were made.
At Mink, .also In Russia, twenty-five
houses were searched and eight persons
arrested for supposed complicity in a plot
against the Russian Government. At
Niesbing, . near Kieff, secret printing
presses belonging to a party of revolu
tionary socialists have been seized by the
police.
Strike Made in the Harvey Well en
FLOW OF Oil. AT BOLINAS. ~
the Gargoli Ranch.
SAN RAFAEL. April 20.— A flow of oil
was struck yesterday in what is known as
the Harvey well, on the Gar'goli ranch, at
Bolinas. This development places Marin
In the list of oil producing counties, as the
flow is said to be considerable. For the
past few weeks boring has been done on
several wells in that locality. At different
depths oil was encounteied, but not in
paying quantities. The strike | yesterday
justifies the predictions of expert drillers
that oil would be encountered at the prop
er depth.
year with the extermination of Trewhella
to either buy Glaze out or be bought out
by his partner. On the night of January
13 Mrs. Glaze had ¦ a violent . altercation
with Mrs. Trewhella and was ejected from
the laitter's apartments by Trewhella. The
next day Glaze had his revolver repaired,
purchased cartridges and,; on meeting
Trewhella in the old bakery of the hotel,
shot him.
Continued on Page Fourteen.
A VERDICT of murder in the first
degree, with the punishment fixed
at life imprisonment, was returned
by the jury yesterday In the trial
of Robert E. Glaze, who killed his
partner, William Trewhella, at the "Wind
sor Hotel on the afternoon of January 14
last
During the two weeks' trial neither.
Glaze nor his wife betrayed the slightest
emotion as they sat in court and listened
to the mass of testimony presented by the
prosecution. The scathing denunciation
delivered by Assistant District Attorney
Greany yesterday did not cause Glaze to
-wince. He sat -with the same immobile
countenance he wore during the whole
trial.
Not even when the jury returned Its
verdict did Glaze betray his feelings. He
was quickly hurried to the prison van and
taken to the County Jail./^ .
Mrs. Glaze and her two young daugh
ters and son gave no sign when the ver
dict was returned. They took their leave
of the condemned man, but there was no
outward manifestation of sorrow. The
family of Trewhella, the murdered man;
were not In court when the jury returned
its verdict.
Denounced in Scathing Terms.
When court convened yesterday morn
ing Assistant District Attorney Greany
delivered the closing argument for the
prosecution. He reviewed the evidence in
detail and characterized Glaze in scath
ing, terms, claiming that he had com
mitted one of the most cold-blooded mur
ders In the annals of crime.
Judge Dunne took half an hour in deliv
ering his charge to the jury and elaborate
ly explajncd the law of self-defense. The
jury received the case shortly before 1 p.
m. and Judge Dunne allowed the jurors to
be taken to luncheon at that time. They
were brought back to the juryroom at 2
p. m. and brought in their verdict at 4:20
p. m. When the verdict was read the at
torneys for the defense made no motion
for a new trial and Judge Dunne set May
4 as the date for sentence. %
Glaze was a well-known figure in the
hotel world. For three years previous to
the destruction of the Baldwin Hotel he
was chief clerk of that hostelry, and it
was there j£ met Mrs. Shelly, who is now
his wife. T3he was a guest of the hotel,
having her two daughters and two sens
with her. She was reputed to be worth
much money. After the hotel was de
stroyed by fire Glaze and Mrs. Shelly
were married and went to Honolulu!'. • On
their return to this city Glaze and a man
named Janes purchased the lease of the
Windsor Hotel.
How Glaze First Met Trewhella.
The prospects of the new firm looked
bright. Janes, however, desired to sell his
interest, and early In 1900 William Trew
hella became the partner of Glaze, buying
the interest of Janes. Trewhella was a
?miner, a Cornishman by birth and had
lived In Nevada for eighteen years, where
he had amassed a snug sum of money by
hard work. There were frequent differ
ences between Trewhella and Glaze, and
i the matter culminated in January of this
BpecUl Dispatch to The Call.
BAKERSFIELD, April 20.— The war
cloud 6tUl hangs ominously over Midway
oil district. The second clash of arms
that appeared to be so Imminent yesterday
did not take place last night. The vigi
lantes either had enough or withdrew to
readjust their plan of campaign. The
claim-jumpers still hold their ground and
apparently are ready for eventualities.
They expected a renewal of the attack
last r.ight.
Whether or not any more blood will
flow no one can now foretell, but the
trouble that led to Thursday night's bat
tle is yet to be settled. The Mount Diablo
people say It is their land and they mean
to have It and the jumpers— the Superior
Sunset men— declare with equal force that
they are going to hold the fort and de
velop the land. • •
"Wounded Men "Will Die.
The wounded men. J. T. Walker and
G. P. Cornell Jr., are still living, but are
expected to die at any moment, so terri
ble arc their wounds. They were taken
to McKlttrick to-day with a view of
bringing them here, but they did not get
there in time to catch the train for
BakersSeld. Word from McKittrick this
evening reported them to be very low.
Walker was at one time Sheriff and
Supervisor of Humboldt County, Nevada.
Those who know him say he is a fine
gentleman with a good reputation. His
connection with the trouble fcas not yet
been explained satisfactorily. Some of
the Superior Sunset people, who came in
to-dAy Trom the scene of the conflict, say
he on'y a visitor to the camp, while
Judge Clafiin, counsel for the company,
Eays Walker "went out to assist the boys
a little." Cornell's reputation is that of
b "gun- fighter."
The Superior Sunset men, who are fn
from the battlefield, convey a hazy Idea
of the combat They intimate that Cor
nell did aJl the shooting and they cannot
give any explanation as to how "Walker
was shot, except that "the bullets flew
as thick as hail everywhere." They de
scribe the affair as a terrific fusillade.
The cookhouse and water tank show the
effect of the rain of lead. Tbe .claim
jumpers were expecting an assault, yet
they were all but surprised.
Not the "Work of Vigilantes.
The jumpers declare that the attack
en them was perpetrated by the Mount
Diablo crowd ajid not by vigilantes. They
claim to know who their assailants were
end say there were about twenty-five of
them, many of whom are prominent citi
zens of Bakersfield, Fresno and Los An
geles. It was very dark when the fight
took place. To-day Cornell, when visited
by E. J. Boust of Fresno, identified him
as one of his assailants. Boust replied:
"I don't like to call a dying man a liar,
but you are very much mistaken."
The Mount Diablo men do not deny be
ing near the scene of battle when It
raged and say there -were some weapons
in the crowd. All expect to be arrested.
Judge Claflln said to-day, with consid
erable vehemence, "We shall bring crim
ij^j action against them," and then hur
ried off to find the District Attorney.
Sheriff Borgrrardt said the men would be
arrested. All are citizens in good stand
ing.
Some deny the existence of vigilantes
on the west side, while others declare
there is such an organization and It
means to stamp out the deplorable prac
tice of claim-Jumping. One of the Mount
Diablo men said to-night, when asked if
they were groing to give up the fight,
"If you knew what was going on you
•would not think so."
Fight Over Another Claim.
While the conflict on 26 Is going on
there is trouble of a. similar nature tak
ing place on 25, the next section. A Fres
no party, headed by City Attorney Lan
nlng of that city, it is claimed, is try
ing to jump 25. The party was driven
off by men with rifles. To-day these men
were arrested and brought to town. They
declare the Fresnoans will not get the
land, though they "nave to wade through
lakes of blood."
The situation In Midway and other por
tions of the "West Side at present Is prom
ising for armed conflicts. Th© first loca
tors are becoming desperate. They say
the courts fail to meet th« *emergency
the situation demands.
Oil Locators Banding to Put an End
to Indiscriminate Claim-
Jumping.
Two Men Wounded in Thurs
day Night's Battle
Will Die.
Vigilantes Are Expected
to Make a Second
Attack-
MIDWAY MEN
RESTING ON
THEIR ARMS
VICTORIA, B. C, April 20.— Two hundred miners, prospectors
and others are said to have been frozen to death at Cape
Nome— and this in the Immediate vicinity of the Arctic camp
as the result of an a.wful blizzard that swept the Bering Sea
coast early tills yeax. Three arrivals at Dawson from Cape
Nome told the story of the blizzard and Its harvest of dead.
Their account, with details of the finding of great numbers of dead on.
the trail, in the snow drifts and in the huts and cabins of the mines
and camps, was telegraphed to Skaguay, whence it was brought by
the steamer Danube, which reached port to-day. No names of the un
fortunates who met death are given, but the Nome men tell a startling
circumstantial story of the calamity.
In the camp at Cape Nome the loss of life Is said to be not as heavy
as ¦ In the surrounding camps and ' on the trails, but the camp did not
go unscathed_ during the' storm. Hundreds were carried to the hospitals
with frozen limbs, and others were left suffering .In their huts!
The story.of the'two~"mushers,""as told at Dawson, Is not so com
plete as that ' which Clerk Reed, who ; left Nome after the storm, gave
It was in the surrounding parts of the district ; that the death .record
was heaviest. Not until after the storm had passed was the extent of
the calamity realized 'at Nome, for it was not until then, that searching
parties came upon bodies of victims. Some were found in tents, whose
thin canvas afforded no shelter; -others In huts of boards and -tar pa
per, and, in many instances, ' without even, the tar paper to protect,
them from the cold; but the greater number were found; half -buried" in
the drifted snow on the open trails, where they had fallen exhausted.
from the cold, and It was with the greatest difficulty : that hundreds of
lives "were saved. Medical skill was called on many times and the hos
pitals were full of people' who were frozen on seme part of the body.
The capacity of the St." Bernard Hospital was taxed to its utmost, and
too much . credit cannot.be given to Mr. Elliott, -who Is in charge, for
his care of the sufferers.
. v *'On Jhe occasion of the storm In question a blizzard was blowing,
and .when it abated the bodies of 200 miners -were found lying all along
the coast. * Some, of the unfortunates had. gone to Port Clarence to
stake properties, and those whose* bodies were found near St. Michael
had gone; there to secure supplies. Of the 200 dead, only a part have
been Identified. ; Most of the bodies were interred near the spot where
they were found."
to the Dawson. correspondent of • the* Skaguay Alaskan. , Reed,; who. is
en -route to Washington, !DJ"'C.I 6n*-ofncial business connected with "the
troubles .of Judge Npyes. and the:-.\Vashington Government, is the'au
thorityjfor^the following dispatch, -which was wired to the coast paper
under, a Dawson date of April 13:', .• ....:.'•
."The ". town was startled ' when Reed announced that just' before he
left Nome; 200 miners .were f roxen', tbl death there one ! of the
storms for .which. 'that camp r is- noted.' , The . mercury dropped tpj 50
" degrees below and a wind • such - as" a ; white man never before - encoun-*;
tered blew for weeks. Tlie dogs which were left * outside ;ovef night
perished , and carcasses ¦ of . frozen '-> animals v were strewn. .all ; over ' n the
town." , .The newcomers. ; living • in ,; single-board * and , tar-paper \ snanties,
poorly, put together by : Inexperienced hands, suffered - untold* agony;
NOME COAST BLIZZARD CLAIMS TWO HUNDRED VICTIMS
he went to talk over business with tha
principal men In the great Bell concern.
In Chicago Mr. Sabin \ will have a larger
field than he has had on the Pacific Coast
for the increase of business. He has mado
some ' telephone inventions since he be
came connected with the business, one
of which is an appliance on a switch
board. I The graded rate system for pay
ing- for telephones is attributed to him.
In' the East there- is a flat rate, which
will probably be succeeded by the Pacific
Coast system.
Louis Glass has received a dispatch
from Mr. Sabln In which It Is announced
that he has been offered "central," whlc'n
is understood by Mr. Glass to mean the
presidency of' a combination of several
of the large Eastern telephone companies.
In this dispatch the information ( was
brought that the salary will be $40,000 per
annum. The majority of the telephone
pecple of this city were surprised at the
news for they had nc advance intimation
and there had been no news of any pre
liminary negotiations. ' v . J
away. In West Virginia over a foot of
scow has fallen in the last thirtv-slx
hours. Similar reports come from nearly
all places heard from in the Upper Ohio
Valley. ( .i-.:'
Near Blacksburg, S. C. a town on the
South 'Carolina . and- .Georgia. Extension
Railroad, the track- was undermined by
the high water and to-day a combination
freight and passenger train ran Into t ho
washout.' One trainman was badlv hurt
and the other is missing, j The water In
all the streams about Blacksbure la
higher than has been known, in twenty:
years. ... • . ¦ .
Throughout the entire Southeast the tel
egraph and telephone ¦ services are in a
badly crippled condition.
At Atlanta, where high winds have been
prevailing for days, the maximum was
reached this morning, when the velocity
recorded was fifty-six miles an hour. The
mercury has fallen nearly forty degrees
may be that small "companies will be
amalgamated at Chicago as the companies
on the Pacific Coast were when . the Pa
cific States Telephone and Telegraph
Company, was formed, in which move Mr.
Sabin .was .a; leading figure. He will re
main , the .president of the Pacific States
Telephone . and Telegraph Company, at
least for a time.. It is probable that Louis
; Glass will be appointed first vice president
and general manager of the Pacific-.States
Company." t . . . •-... ": . ,
Mr. Sabin's. Career.
John I. ¦ Sabin has worked hard from the
beginning. v He was .first known for abil
ity during the Civil War. when he. served
In the field ' under General Thomas T.
Eckert, since president of the Western
Union Telegraph Company. After the war
he came to California :n connection with
the business of the Western Union Tel
egraph Company. He was identified with
the local telephone business soon after it
came Into existence and served . under
George S. Ladd, whom he succeeded' as
president. He is in the East now, where
fall was unbroken and this afternoon
fourteen inches were reported at London
and Middlesboro. All the streams there
are bank-full and general preparations are
being made to vacate the homes in the
valleys before the thaws and expected
floods come: - There ' has been much'suf
fering among the poor mountaineers.
Around Louisville' there has been no dam
age of consequence. /Frost" is again -pre
dicted for to-night-
' Reports from Bristol,; Va.. this after
noon were that a dangerous flood was rag
ing about eighty miles east of that place.
A 40-foot bridge on the Norfolk and West
ern Railroad was washed away near
Wyetheville, Va., and 'for eight or ten
miles the' track is . from' two to six feet
under water. i Many, washouts .were' re
ported and several trains were annulled.
At last reports snow was still falling at
Bristol.
The Big Sandy, Twelve Pole, Guyan
dotte. Tug and Hfew rivers are at flood
and many tons of piles have been swept
HEAD OF THE SAN FRANCISCO TELEPHONE COMPANY, WHO HAS
ACCEPTED THE PRESIDENCY .OF THE CHICAGO CORPORATION IN
3 SAME BUSINESS AT A LARGE SALARY. " : "
JOHN I. SABIN of this city, presi
" dent' of the Pacific States Telephone
t and . Telegraph Company, has been
offered and has accepted: the presi
. ... ..;, dency .of the Chicago , Telephone
'Company, j He will," however, remain the
.chief executive officer of the Pacific States
Company. One comfortable fact connect
ed with this move,- so far as Mr." Sabln Is^
concerned! is that he will receive - an an
¦ n,ual - salary of ; $40,000 . for : his services.
. While the announcement "¦.will occasion .
some surprise,; it^lias long been known
among the initiated .that .such a move
was contemplated. The Chicago company
and the Pacific States Telephone and Tele
graph Company, together with most of
the. other 'telephone . companies in the
United- States,- - are controlled - by , the
American Bell Telephone Company, which
owns a majority of their stock. Being,
therefore, connected with * ne Bell Com
pany when he worked to develop the busi
ness on this coast, the i officers of the pa
rent corporation long ._ ago . marked Mr.
Sabin for promotion. -
The Real Significance.
Attorney E. S. Plllsbury, who has been
intimately acquainted with the business
of the telephone: companies, said last even- j
Ing that some years ago Mr: Sabin was
talked of in connection with .tne presi
dency of ' the* American Bell Telephone
Company of Bouton. John E." Hudson, who j
was then ' the president'of the Boston cor- ;
pqration,- thought very highly of Mr.; Sa- \
bin. It was also proposed at one time that
Mr. Sabin should be made -the executive ,
head of the telephone business in New
York. "All the significance there is to the
move," said "Mr. Pillsbury, "is that it is .
desired \.o' have in Chicago a-: system as :
good- as possible. The fact is that San
Francisco, with a population of 350,000, has
in service 24,000 telephones, While Chicago,
with three times the population, that San
Francisco has, can show only. 26,000 tele
phones in use ii the city. There is no new
combination of companies in view, for the "
majority of the .'shares of stock are held ¦¦
by the Bell Company, which is, therefore,',
in present control of the properties. , It
streams, continued high winds and heavy
precipitation of rain and snow" were. the
conditions -.to-day In many of the States
of the South. Little damage was done by
the winds, though it is '. feared " that \n
some localities , young crops * have . been
stunted or killed by the "frost or- cold. At
many points', particularly in Eastern Ken
tucky, Eastern ' Tennessee and Virginia,
.the temperature was lower than known In
a decade at this time of year. Reports
were received by the local Weather Bu
reau -to-day -from fifteen "cities or
towns in Kentucky and in most of them
the minimum" temperature for last night
ranged ' between 30 . and 34 decrees. The
maximum for the entire State was 38 de
grees—at Erlington, in Western Kentucky.
The coolest section was in the Blue/3rass
district inland around Lexington. This is
the best fruit-growing part of the State
and here, it is'_ feared, there was damace
by frost to not only fruit but to, vege
tables aridtobacco crops. - ' " ,'.
In the mountains of Kentucky the snow-
Will Continue to Be Executive Head of San Francisco Company, but Is to Make
His Residence in Chicago, Where He Will Receive a Salary of $40,000 a
Year and Is to Institute Coast System, Which Has Been So Successful
DISASTROUS
FLOODS ARE
WIDESPREAD
Vast Loss to Property
in Several Eastern
States.
In Pennsylvania There Is
Danger of 'Repetition of
Flood of 1884.
Lives Have Been Lost, Trains Stalled,
and Damage May Run Into the
- . Millions.'
PITTSBURG, Pa. , April 20.— This city
Is the center of a widespread and .disas
trous storm. Fora radius of 150 miles in
Pennsylvania, Eastern Ohio and Northern
West Virginia rain or snow has been fall
ing almost without' intermission for three
days. Mountain streams have become tor
rents, creeks are swollen and out of their
banks and the big rivers are oceans of
turbid water.- Flood records, it is expect
ed, will be broken before the water sub- i
sides. .
The financial loss cannot be estimated.
In addition to hundreds of thousands and
perhaps millions of dollars it will cost
to put large manufacturing plants in com
mission again, tens of thousands of skilled'
workmen are thrown out of employment
and lose their wages just at a time when
all the iron and steel mills are rushed with
orders.
Living in Upper Booms.
To-night; thousands of people. are living
in the upper rooms of their water-soaked
houses, without heat, light or food.
Where eras fuel is used the pipes are
flooded and cut off. " At Schoenville, the
home of the Pressed Steel Car Company,
the little town is completely surrounded
by water. The workers -and their families'
constitute a community of 'several thou
sand persons. ¦' '.
¦Wheeling; W. Va., fears the most dis
astrous flood in its history.. The weather
wise say the river will ¦ make a new high
record at " that point. The mountain
streams of the State are gushing down
the hillside with resistless force. Behind
this comes the flood tide of the Ohio,. fed
by the. Monongahela, Allegheny, Beaver
and other tributaries. From 45 to 50 feet
of : water Is feared at. Wheeling, which
means ah immense'rlos'sT of" property. '.
Heaviest Snowstorm Ever Known.
In many parts of Pennsylvania and Ohio
probably the ¦" heaviest snowstorm '.¦ ever
known at this season of the year has been
racing for two days. At Oil' City the oil
exchange went out of business tempo
rarily because it was impossible to secure
quotations from New York, PIttsburg and
other points.
On one railroad in Ohio passenger trains
are stalled, and engines sent to their as
sistance have been bujied with snow, and
all must, wait with a hope for a speedy
turn of the weather. ¦ In the meantime
the passengers must depend upon near-by
farmhouses for. sufficient food to keep
them from starving.
¦ Business, religious services to-morrow,
comfort and health are at the mercy of
the storm. Several narrow escapes from
death have been reported,' and it is prob
able that when the flood subsides it may
reveal a number of bodies. .» t;
Steam . and steel . railroad tracks are
buried under thousands of tons of earth
washed down the hillsides, and in some
cases the tracks have been moved. Where
the snow ¦ and : sleet . prevailed the tele-"
graph wires and poles- went down under
the burden and costly railroad and other
bridges have been washed away and their
piers weakened. The big manufacturing
plants in this city have suffered severely.
The cost of repairs is but a small item in
comparison to : the \ d^elay in . filling ' the
orders with ' which all 'the plants are
crowded. ' '
. River Mills Are Submerged.
The iron mills along the river were. early
afflicted and one by one were compelled
to shut down, the water putting out the
fires 'and .submerging the '.works.
Mrs. Mary Patterson, . 80 years ¦ old, liv
ing in River avenue, Allegheny, in th&
submerged district, died ' of ¦' excitement
this evening." ; Four Hungarians are re
ported drowned near Sharpsburg, but the
report cannot be verified at this hour.
At midnight Frank Ridgeway, localoffiT
cial forecaster, issued a bulletin to • the
effect that the Allegheny and Mononga
hela" rivers would probably reach the 29
foot mark, while the .Ohio would reach
thirty feet, or four feet less than the dis
astrous flood of 1S84. .The marks in the
Monongahela River at midnight were 28.6
feet and the river was rising at the rate
of three and a' half inches an ihour. In
the Allegheny 28.5 feet was the reading on
;the gauge, -with the water "coming up
iabout two inches an hour, while the Ohio
River gauge showed twenty-five feet and
rising about six inches an hour.
RAIN AND SNOW ,TN SOUTH.
Much Damage . Done in Kentucky,
Tennessee and Virginia.
LOUISVILLE, Ky:; April 20.— Roaring?
JOHN I. SABIN IS SELECTED AS PRESIDENT
0F CHICAGO TELEPHONE COMPANY THAT HE MAY
BUILD UP BUSINESS OF THAT CORPORATION
Pages 13 to 22
Pages 13 to 22
SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, APRIL 21, •, 1901— -THIRTY-TWO PAGES.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL.Information from the surrounding coun
try districts indicate that the storm was
'Lake Erie was lashed into a fury by the
storm. Enormous waves dashed over the
harbor break-water, sending up spray to
the height of a hundred feet or more. A
crib 200 feet long and about twenty-five
feet wide, which was anchored at the end
of the east breakwater, preparatory to
being -sunk, was torn from Its fastenings
and driven ashore inside the west break
water. : .
Many streets of the city were strewn
with broken poles and tangled wires. Sev
eral oersons were severely shocked by
coming in contact with live wires. Five
or six horses were instantly killed by
stepping on -wires concealed under the
deep slush and snow.
Traffic on the steam and electric lines
was badly delayed. In some cases sub
urban electric roads were completely tied
up, owing to the immense snow drifts on
the tracks. No less than eight or nine
fire stations were cut off, owing to the
general prostration of wires, and should
a fire break out in the Isolated districts.
It is feared that great loss would follow.
The pecuniary loss suffered by the tele
graph and telephone companies will- be
very heavy.
CLEVELAND. Ohio. April 20.— The ter
rific storm of wind and snow -which pre
vailed In this city and vicinity to-day was
one of the most disastrous to telephone
and telegraph service ever experienced
here. The wind, which came from the
north, reached at times a velocity of more
than sixty miles an hour. Hundreds of
poles were torn down and wire communi
cation with all points east of Cleveland
was entirely cut off. The conditions west
and south were but little better, although
the telegraph companies succeeded in
maintaining- communication with Chicago
and Cincinnati throughout the day.
and Vicinity.
Great Damage Is Done at Cleveland
WHLE SERVICE PARAI/2TZED.
developments. Telegraphic communica
tion to-day with New York was almost
entirely cut off. Points in Ohio not fifty
miles apart communlaated over lines
stretched over several hundred miles. A
few points in Northern Ohio wcro wholly
cut oft from telegraphic reports.
- If you have Dyspepsia, write Dr. Snoop. Racine.
Wls.. box 137. for six bottles: Dr. Snoop's Restora
tive. Exp.paid. Send no money. Pay $5.50 If cured*
A ; Month's Test Free.
BOERS CAPTURE COAL
ASTD CATTLE ON A TRAIN
0n9 Engine * Escapes and Riturr3
"With. British. Troops, but Too
¦, jbate for Sarvice.
EAST LONDON, Cape Colony, April 19.
A train loaded with cattle and coal was
captured by the Boers near Monteno.
• Cape Colony, last evening. The forward
locomotive escaped and ran to Stormburg
and returned with troops, who found the
train on fire. A couple of natives were
killed. The train handai had been stripped
and then released.
Governor and Secretary.
WASHINGTON. April 20.— The Presi
dent to-day appointed William N. Jenkins
of Oklahoma Territory to be Governor of
that Territory, and James W. Reynolds of
New Mev'co t« be Secretary of the Terri
tory, of New Mexico.
Efforts Being Made to Induce France,
England and Russia to Take
Common Action.
BERLIN. April 20.— The Tageblatt con
siders that M. Delcasse's journey to St.
Petersburg, on which he started to-day.
is owing to differences of opinion between
Russia and France on the China question,
and that the indemnity question has prob-
STRIVING TO rOBM
OPPOSITION TO GEBlilAWy
ably exercised a special influence over
M. Delcasse's movements./
There are various signs that efforts to
which SI. Delcasse is himself a stranger
are beins made to induce France, Eng
land and Russia to take common action
acralnst Germany on the Indemnity ques
tion. These efforts are perhaps due to
the private initiative of diplomats who
are striving for personal success. They
are. however, worthy of notice.
MARIETTA; Ohio, April 20.— The Ohio
RI\ er ' rose ten feet •-' during : last night,
floating the houseboat of William Lefavre
away, drowning . Lefavre, , his wife and
their child. -Part of the business section
of the city ! is -under water to-night and
many , are moving. . . ' • ; :
Dfovmed in the Flood.
•PORTSMOUTH, Ohio, April 20.— Rain
and .snow have been steadily falling here
for two days and still continue. The Ohio
River .is rising eight Inches ( an hour and
a serious. flood is feared. IWM^
Rapid Kise of the Ohio.
- HUNTINGTON, W. "Va.. April 20.— The
BiK Sandy, Twelve Pole, Guyandotte,'-' Tug
and New. rivers are at flood tide. Great
suffering is reported. All the log booms
In Guyandotte and all the tributaries of
the Big Sandy have been swept away,
causing an enormous loss. Klfteen Inches
of snow has fallen in the "West Virginia
Mountains and five Inches throughout the
Ohio Valley. ' ... ¦• . \
Great Suffering Reported.
ZAINTESVILLE, Ohio. April \ 20.— A bliz
zard is raging here and all street car traf
fic and business generally has been sus^
pended. Telegraph and telephone lines
are crippled - and there -Is practically
no communication -with outside points.
Snow has fallen for thirty-six hours con
tinually and air the streets are blocked.
Reports received from the northern part
of the Muskingum Valley district indicate
that very high water is imminent.
Blizzard Is Raging.
AKRON, | Ohio, "' April 20.— The storm
gauge at the local weather bureau to
night shows that almost two feet of snow
has fallen in the last thirty-six hours.
Traffic on all the electric and steam roads
has been greatly impeded, and the tele
graph and telephone companies have had
their service badly crippled, by falling
wires. The Baltimore and Ohio west
bound express, due here last night, did
not arrive until nearly noon, having been
stalled near Ravenna. There has not been
much property damage in this city, but
reports from the country are that the
heavy weight of snow crushed many or
the lighter farm buildings.
Traffic Greatly Impeded.
The excessive rain3 of the past twenty-four
to thlrty-slx hours over the upper Ohio water
shed have caused a heavy, rapid and danger
ous rise In the Upper Ohio River and Its trib
utaries. In antlcioatlon of a flood of decided
proportions warnings v.ere issued this morning
of a 30-stage at Pittsburg during to-night and
a danger-line stage or over below Pittsburg
as far as Portsmouth. Ohio. . '•¦
At 7 p. m. the stagi: of water at Pittsburg
was 24.6 feet. 2.6 feet above the danger line,
a rise of 7.2 feet since 8 a. m. and rising
half a foot an hour; "at Parkersburg the stage
was 34.8 feet, a rise of 7 feet since 8 a. m.
and 1.2 feet below th« danger line and still
rising: at Cincinnati tbe stage was 35.8 -feet,
a rise of 4.7 feet since 8 a. m. and rising, but
still ' 15 - feet below the danger line. .
As it is still rlsln? over the Upper Ohio
Valley It Is impossible to-night to. venture a
definite forecast of the exact crest of the flood
wave It will, however, move rapidly down
the Ohio River and aUges above the danger
lines will no doubt be reached as far as Cin
cinnati by Sunday, night or Monday. '-
Flood warnings have been widely distributed
particularly in the vicinity of Pittsburg and
reports received to-night indicate that a great
amount of portable property has been removed
to places of security.
Special reports have been called for from the
flood district on Sunday morning, when further
information will be given and additional warn
ings issued If necessary.
The\8ituatlon below Cincinnati will be care
fully watched' and prompt and timely warn
ings will be issued if necessary.
" "WASHINGTON. April 20.— The Weather
Bureau to-night issued the following:
WARNINGS DULY ISSUED.
had tc" be brought into " use on all ,the
business streets. A number of work3 were
compelled to shut down, the plants being
under water. The town is in darkness
and the people ,are freezing. The gas and
electricity are shut off and the coal is un
der water."
CINCINNATI. April 20.— Peculiar weath
er conditions during the week have cul
minated in a rain and snow storm of al
most unprecedented Amensions, so dis
tributed that a tremendous flood In the
Ohio River is impending. It is too early
to predict the extent of the coming flood,
but all signs point to a stage of water
that must bring devastation of a most se
rious nature ail along the Ohio River and
Its tributaries in. Ohio, West Virginia and
Kentucky. The condition is somewhat of
a surprise at Cincinnati, because, while
there has been rain almost every day In
the week, it was not heavy enough to
create apprehension. But above Cincin
nati, in Kentucky and West Virginia
flood rains were falling as early as
Wednesdav, and over a vast extent of the
Ohio River Valley watershed It was con
tinuous. This heavy rain served to cause
a rise In the Ohio River until this morn
ing it was rising all the way from Pitts-
VKirg to. Louisville. Following these rains
came the tremendous snowfall of last
night, which reached from Canada to At
lanta, with Its western border less than a
hundred miles from Cincinnati. By Its
mere weight and by the force of the wind
in many places there was almost a com
plete paralysis of all wire communication
across this snow belt to-day. From
twelve and fifteen inches of snow lies
over Eastern Ohio and over the greater
part of "West Virginia and Eastern Ken
tucky. This is supplemented by heavy rain
In the region of the headwaters of the
Ohio to-day. The Weather Bureau official
1b confident that the rain must soon cease,
but -with warmer weather the vast snow
area will melt and add to the great vol
ume of water. It is possible, however,
for a flood of disastrous proportions to
sweep down the Ohio Valley within the
next few days. It is estimated that a
stage of 42 feet at Cincinnati will be
reached by to-morrow. All agree that 50
feet will surely comet How much more
cannot well be conjectured until further
Mark Reached.
All Streams Overflowing" and Danger
FEAR OF A GREAT FLOOD.
ond indications are that small gardening
Jias suffered.
Continued From Pago Thirteen.
"West and north of ¦: Pittsburg heavy
falls of wet- snow- are reported. Up the
Allegheny River reports come of .two feet
of snow on the level at many places.
This was the cause of breaking down
telegraph wires and crippling train ser
vice. Mails are either delayed for hours
or not arriving, at all. Railroad , officials
cannot estimate the cost of . repairs, but
say it will be heavier than • ever before
in the history of the roads running into
Pittsburg., Tracks are torn up, .bridges
weakened and telegraph wires and poles
are down in all directions. Six landslides
have occurred on the Panhandle between
this city and Steubenville, . two- of them
very serious. The Chartres - branch - is
completely submerged and no trains can
reach -Washington, Pa., over this line ;
At Jones Ferry, on • the south side,, a
huge bowlder fell on the Panhandle tracks
and trains had to corne into the city over
.the Ohio connecting bridge,', a detour of
several miles. \ Beyond Steubenville ¦ the
Panhandle tracks are almost burled in
snow. The Pittsburgh -Fort ; Wayne and
Chicago . Railroad is crippled by snow of
'an unprecedented depth west of Orrville,
where in the cuts ihere were drifts five
and six feet deep. : The Baltimore -and
Ohio and Pennsylvania' railroads are in
better condition, being troubled only by
PITTSBURG. April 20.— A widespread
and disastrous flood has inundated ' all
towns In Western Pennsylvania, Eastern
Ohio and Northwestern Virginia. Streams,
both great and small, have passed | the
flood line and . are . still rising. Pittsburg
is . the center of the storm-stricken ' dis
trict and the effects of the floods are prob
ably the worst In its Immediate vicinity.
Rain has been falling for many miles
around Pittsburg for sixty. hours, and all
precipitation records are broken.' Parkers
Landing, up the Allegheny, reports nearly
four inches, and Greensboro, on. the
Mohongahela River,, over "three Inches.
Down the Ohio over four Inches', fell at
Wood Junction, and about three ' and a
half inches at BeaveT. - : >
Stricken District
Pittsburg Is the Center' of the Storm-
MANY TOWNS INUNDATED.
Very many towns in Ohio cannot be
reached, and It Is predicted that there [ has
been loss of life in some of them, as well
as much damage to property. There are
very many .places in West Virginia, also,
from which no word can be had, and
heavy losses are feared in that State.
CINCINNATI, Oh'io, April 20.— Specials
from Upper Ohio Valley to-night indicate
great alarm among the Inhabitants of
towns along tne Ohio River and • tribu
taries. The flood has already reached
many places. Although the rise was more
sudden than ever ¦ before, yet all points
received more timely -notice than in for
mer years, on account of the extra vigil
ance of the weather bureau. As a rule
those located in the lower districts to
night are moving to higher ground. This
precaution Is being taken along the river,
.front of Cincinnati, although the rise can
not reach this city for a couple . of days.
The situation in Northern and Eastern
Ohio is reported worse than ever. Many
places have been cut oft all day and are
still isolated.
Probable Loss of Life.
Great Alarm Along the Ohio and
SITUATION GEOWS WORSE.
Erie conductors reported that snow' in
the cuts reached to the windows. On the
Pennsylvania snow plows .that had been
housed' for the summer were again
pressed into service. East of Cleveland
to Buffalo trains on the Lake Shore and
Nickel Plate- are running on the block
system. Many freight trains on these
rcsds are abandoned, and only perishable
freight is being moved.
The storm continues In Cleveland to
night wtih unusual severity. There is a
steady downfall of wet snow, driven by a'
high wind. The downtown streets are
practically deserted, and little business
was done.
CLEVELAND, Ohio, April 20.— With the
exception of the Lake Shore and Nickel
Plate lines west of Cleveland, the rail
roads into Cleveland are badly crippled
and in many instances the whereabouts
of freight trains, which are supposed to
have gone on to sidings because of lost
time, is not known. East of Cleveland
the Lake Shore and Nickel Plate are also
badly crippled. Trains on three different
roads due in Cleveland this forenoon had
not been reported at 8 o'clock, to-night.
A train on the Erie that runs to Pitts
burg in three and a\half hours required
seven hours to make the trip to-day, and
between Cleveland and Leavittsburg on
the Erie ihree engines were necessary to
bring six coaches into Cleveland in seven
hours. , ¦ .
Been Reported.
Many Due at Cleveland Have Not
TRAINS DELAYED BY SNOW.
of unusual violence and wrought much
damage. In many places tho snow 1b re
ported a foot deep on the level and the
roads have been rendered almost impassa
ble by huge drifts.
Electric railways connecting Cleveland
with nearby towns found It almost' Im
possible to operate cars. Some lines were
completely tied up.
Irwin, Pa., reports an almost continu
ous downpour of rain for the past four,
days, which has done much damage there.
Yougheney shaft is again flooded and it
is feared the entire workings of the shaft
will be drowned out. The Herekensaith
Wheel and Mine Car Company at Irwin
has been compelled to suspend operations.
The big Penn Plate Glass Company in
the south part of the town is in a shaky
condition and grave fears are felt that
the immense walls may give way. The
dam above Irwin at present holds about
20,000,000 gallons of water. Early this
morning a break was discovered near the
overflow and workmen are now repairing
the weak spot.
Carnegie, six miles southwest of Pitts
burg, is in a state of panic. To add to the
excitement, a number of negroes got
drunk on liquor being carried from the
cellars of saloons. Chief of Police Foster
tried to arrest three of them, when they
attacked him with razors, cutting him se
verely. The fire bells were rung and the
cltizena'turned out. They suppressed the
negroes and arrested three of them. Car
negie is in the worst condition from flood
In its history. Much of the trouble at
Carnegie was. caused by. the breaking of
the Panhandle railroad bridge over Char
tres Creek at Heidelburg. The debris
floated down to the Third-street bridge
and blocked there. This backed the water
up into the main thoroughfare and skiffs
At Newcastle the Shenango River over
flowed .this afternoon near the center, of
the manufacturing districts and caused
the Shenango tin mill, : the" largest in the
world, and the Baldwin & Graham stove
foundry to close. A few hours later the
big steel mill- was also forced to stop
work. The river is still rising; and Indica
tions point to enforced idleness of almost
every Industrial plant. . ' ¦ ¦ : ' . •
A special from Beaver, Pa., says Roch
ester, West Brldgcwater, Industry and
Smiths Ferry are flooded and the residents
are moving their household effects and
supplies to higher ground.
All the glasshouses and. manufacturing
plants will be flooded.' News from Slster
ville. W. Va., says the river is rising
rapidly and much damage will be done.
The Ohio River Railroad has not run a
train since yesterday afternoon and will
not move a wheel for a couple of days
yet. Between there, and Wheeling a half
mile, landslide has covered the track .with
earth seven- to ten feet deep. -,
small washouts and a few landslides.
The Cleveland an,d riltsburg Is In eerloud
condition, owing to the loss of a num
ber of bridges, and the Buffalo and Al
legheny Valley Is almost tied up by land
slides, i
BEBLJN, April 20.— The Emperor Is
••rtiolly dissatisfied with the new police
arrangements for his safety, which he
considers to be unpractical and ostenta
tious. At the Emperor's wish a new sys
tem is now being worked out which will
afford him the required safety without
such whowy and unwieldy arrangements.
Tbo Emperor will leave Kiel to-morrow.
Showy Police Vex William.
KESWICK, April 20.— For the sixth time
In. four years Keswick has had a big fire.
This morning ilames broke out in Barbary,
Coast and all North Main street is now in
ashes. Fifteen places of business have
been destroyed, together with half a dozen
dwellings, entailing a total loss of about
530,000. The buildings constituted a long
frame range. None of the owners had
been able to obtain Insurance, so to-day's
Joss is totaL Little or no stock was saved.
Tbe fire broke out in the Mascot saloon,
eontfucted by Cecil & Bray. There was
so wind and the flames crept southward,
•lowty but surely sweeping everything be
fore them. In turn they licked up the
Blue Wing saioon of Oakley & Munga,
John Moreen's saloon. John Perth's res
taurant, Pete Bernal's saloon, Carpenter
& GonzaJes' barber shop, Gus Bauer's sa
loon and Joe Borde's laundry. With much
difficulty the Sre -was stopped here and
prevented eating its way into the most
important business part of the town. .
To the northward from the starting
point -were destroyed the Monte Carlo
Theater building, a large two-story frame
leased by Harry Monroe; John Miller's
saloon, John Ramsey's restaurant, Herold
& JJeudort'B restaurant and half a dozen
<Swelllr«s owned by Gus Bauer and John
Bartosh.
The heaviest losers are Paul Friedman
of San Francisco, six bulldingE. $5000; Gus
Baaer, Monte Carlo Theater building and
other houses, $5000; Henry Frickinger, two
business buildings. $2000; Charles Bartosh,
three buildings. $3000; John Morgen. $1000;
Oakley & Munga, J1S00; Harry Monroe,
$1500; John Miller, $800.
The large store of the Mountain Copper
Company, with its immense stock, nar-<
rowly escaped. Keswick has no water
¦works and no fire company. That to-day's
lire was not more disastrous was because
of the absence of any wind.
Large Store of the Mountain
Copper Company Barely
Escapes.
Destroy Fifteen Places ot
Business in Town of .
Keswick.
FLAMES SWEEP
SMELTER TOWN
LOSES HIS WAY
IN THE TULES
Suisun Man Is Bescued
"When on Verge of
, Delirium.
Passes Twenty-Eight Hours
on Slough Without Food
. - or Drink. . ..-¦
Special Dispatch . to The Call.
SUISUN,*' April 20.— D. E. Gleason, who
is employed by the railroad company as
transfer'man at. the depot at night, took
a small boat yesterday morning and start- j
ed for .a short..sail,on the slough.. With j
a strong out-going, tide- arid^ a high wind.j
sailing proved such' it pleasure that Mr.-;
Gleason did not start: to return 'to town !
until he had almost reached Suisun Bay.
When he endeavored to retrace his course,
being unfamiliar with the winding slough,
he soon lost his way: , He spent the -re- j
mainderof the day wandering around- in |
the numerous sloughs and small water-J
ways in the great tule basin south of
Suisun. When night came. on he had no!
idea of his whereabouts and looked with ,
fear upon the prospect of having td spend
the. night in the tules. A strong wind,
piercing cold, came on and Mr. Gleason
tied his boat to tho bank of the slough
and walked about in the tules all night
in an effort to -keep himself as warm as
possible. When morning came he had be- ,
come thoroughly discouraged and. had
given. up all hope cf finding his way to -
Sufsun without assistance.
When il became known this morning
that Gleason had not returned his friends
feared he had fallen into the slough and
been drowned. His mother in Oakland
was notified and Constable Charles H.
Downing and John Mackin took a boat
and some grappling irons and started on
a hunt for the missing man. At 10:30
o'clock they found him on Dead Man's
Island, about three miles from town. It
was there he had spent the night and he
was waiting for some one to come to his
assistance. '. ¦ ;
Gleason had, bee.n- without food or drink
for nearly twenty-eight hours and when
he was found he was in a very weak con
dition. The cold and exposure of the
night had had a bed effect upon him.
He seemed flighty at times, but he recog
nized his rescuers and could not find
words to fully express his thankfulness
to them for having come to his relief.
He was quickly brought to town and after
eating a hearty meal and getting
thoroughly warmed he began to recover
from his terrible experience. He anys he
suffered most from thirst during the day
and from cold at night. . r
DISASTROUS FLOODS ARE WIDESPREAD, MANY TOWNS IN EASTERN STATES BEING INUNDATED
COLUMBIA, Ohio. April 2O.-Peter Gold
"en of New York City won the six day go
as-you-please walking match, which
closed at 11:30 to-night.
Golden Wins Walking Match.
Ask Cured Fruit" Association Direc
tors to Continue the Cut
« Rate.
SAN JOSE, April 20.— A largely attended
meeting of prune growers who belong to
the California Cured Fruit Association
was held here to-day. A resolution was
adopted asking the directors of the asso
ciation to continue the 2-cent basis price
until all members of the association have
received 1 cent a pound dividend and all
debts are paid. Members who delivered
prunes after November 1 have received
nothing. Those who delivered fruit prior
to that date have about all received 1
cent a pound. ¦ No one at the meeting
could say what sum would be needed, but
the amount was placed all the way from
$200,000 to $340,000. The price goes back to
3 cents next Tuesday at close of business,
unless action Is taken to continue it be
, fore that time.
PRUNE GROWERS FAVOR
THE TWO-CENT BASTS
Special Dispatch to The Call.
she has been ever since. She is now In
Paris. The Duke has never appeared at
Monte Carlo, but went on a tour in Spain.
The rumored estrangement began before
the Duke went to the war, and since he
came back it has been widened.- Accord
ing to friends, there- are faults on both
sides. These developments are . consid
ered not unnatural, considering the ex
tremely early age at which the Duchess
married. The Duke is not popular any
where and his sense of his^own import
ance is overpowering.
His attitude toward Americans must
constantly affront the Duchesjs; for how
ever anglicized ?he may- have become, she
cannot like to see even her relatives.cold
shouldered by a husband who owes every
thing to them.
PARIS, April 20.— A rumor is spreading
here of an estrangement . between the
Duke of Marlborough and the Vanderbilt
family, including the Duchess. Three days
before his wife returned here the Duke
went to Spain. He got back yesterday,
and now both are in Paris, but at different
hotels.
Disagreements Between Former Miss Consuelo Van-'
derbilf and- Her Noble Spouse Open Wide: Gulf
in Their Relations and They Now Live Apart
. •.• . — __ ?_ ¦ ... ¦ ¦ •.. - . •.
DUKE OF MARLBOROUGH LOSES
HIS WEALTHY AMERICAN WIFE
LONDON. April 20.— The Duke and
Duchess of Marlborough have not been
living together since Christmas. The fact
for some time provoked a crop of rumors,
and it is no longer possible to believe the.
separation otherwise than permanent.
When the beginning of the hunting sea
son was announced they had taken Syson
by Lodge, Leicestershire, as usual, to hunt
with the Quorn pack, but the Duke went
there alone. The Duchess hunted with
the Heythrop hounds from Blenheim.
It was on a run with these hounds that
she met with an accident. After the acci
dent the Duke did not return to Blen
heim, but the Duchess came to London
and went on to Paris, again alon.e. At
Christmas the Duke and Duchess were at
Blenheim with a small party for a few
days, since which time he has been divid
ing his time between London and Leices
tershire, the Duchess going and coming
between London and Blenheim. She fin
ally went to Monte Carlo to join her
brother, W. K. Vanderbilt Jr., with whom
ALLEGED WIFE-SLAYER
TRACKED TO DAWSON
Detective on the Trail " of Thomas
Mason, Said to Be a Califor
nian.
SKAGUAT, April 16 (via Victoria, April
20).— The closing chapters of an awful
tragedy enacted In Oakland. Cal., are ex
pected to be recorded in Dawson on April
30. Defective H. Murray, who has worked
on many famous cases up and down the
oast, arrived in Skaguay not long ago
under an assumed name and left immedi
ately on the morning train' for his destin
ation, the Klondike capital. There he
hoped to find Thomas Mason, accused of
the murder of his wife and child. Mason
is now said to be living under an assumed
name, and is a prosperous claim owner,
•worth probably $25,000. If Detective Mur
ray is successful in locating his man, an
attempt will be made to bring him out
over the Ice If winter travel is not brought
to a close too suddenly.
OAKLAND. April 20.— The police of this
city say Thomas Mason Is not wanted
here for murder, and that the Skaguay
dispatch Is evidently in error either as
to the name of the man or that of the city
wherein the crime was committed. '
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALt, SUNDAY, APRIL 21, 1901.
14
tO VEIL Y, COMPLEXIONS FOR /L IX.
ance inay now be banished/ for it is within the
means 'of every lafly, youngr or mlddle v aged.- to
have the clearest and, most refined complexion
so dear to a woman's heart. • : • ¦ „
Fannie B. Ralston. 628 Lexington Ave.,"- New-
port.- Ky:,. says: "When' I began using Mme.
Rlbaulfs complexion beautiflers I did not think
it possible to clear my skin. My face was in
a -horrible 'condition, literally, covered with red
spots/ pimples, blackheads, moth ¦ patches and
freckles. ¦. I suffered .a thousand deaths, and
when. I sent for a trial; of -Mine. Ribault's beau-
tiflers I -improved., so wonderfully that my
friends did. , not recognize me, so quickly had
the change taken place. ' My skin is now. per-
fectly lovely . and there is not . a : blemish or
wrinkle: anywhere." .' : - .
' It- is not a' face powder, cream, • cosmetic or
bleach. - contains no c»l.' grease, paste, chem-
icals or poisons 'of any kind and is absolutely
••¦Write to Mnie/ M.'Rlbautt, 2166 Elsa Building,
Cincinnati," Ohio, and she. win mall free, pre-
paid, in a plain sealed -wrapper a free package
of her wonderful beautiflers and you', will al-
ways bless the day. you wrote.. Do not fall to
write to-day. " .
Free
i
Maker
A Trial Package Mailed Free
To Every Laiy.
•It has : : remained for a Cincinnati woman to
discover. the secret of a' perfect skin. She has
at last found the key to feminine beauty.. £11
the sighs and heartachek over a poor, appear-
9 r '
HasnV- all been xldne- it fiaveTnoi
cleansed* and --set things to rights in youi
rsystenv The~re^are; v those h'umors^thaf make
ymi^ break^out^and ; feel * tired, Jhat ftake, awa>
i v .yourSppedte^too. | §?g
vYnujMiave those jdull' neadaches,v those
bilious turns, ( fits of" indigestion, "that^tired
feeling,. and that eruption, until. yoVget. rid_of
1 :. those unhealthy accumulations.
That's*certain.
JT2OOG S J arsaparitla
Cleanse the sysrem.'sef things* Unequal* to" Housework-" in the
to rights in it, make the blood "«** .*»**»* ">* *>*« ¦»* i «*-\
. ° . ' ¦ tinued to grow worse until I could, not do
pure and rich, Strengthen all my housework for a family of three. I sent
the Organs and functions; for a bottle of Hood's Sareaparnia and It
That's why so many.take' f»« m « m ?* i took three bottles
.-. ' . J * . that spring and have taken it every spring
•them every . . slncc'L Mrs. J. Johwson, Manchester/Va.
Accept No.SuDstitute*for:Hood'sl8arsaparillararTdrpiii9.
MME. -RIBATJI«T'S SPECIFICS.
MRS. BERTHA .KOCKLER, 177 Gul.-
nett street, Brooklyn. N. Y.. writes:
"Peruna and Manalln have done
me very great service, and I recommend
them with pleasure to all who suffer with
nervous catarrh of the stomach as I drd.
Should such a disease ever attack me
again I shall immediately take Peruna. I
now feel very well and have a good ap-
petite all the time. I have gained in
weight. I recommended Pemna-to an ac-
quaintance of ours and he is making^ re-
markable progress. I looked sobtidly for
a time before I besran your medicine- that
now when I meet some of my friends they
say: 'I was very much worried about you,
but now you are looking so well.' I shail
always keep Peruna an'd Manalln in the
house as family medicines." — Mrs. Bertha
Kockler.
Gentlemen— "At tha solicitation of a friend I began some weeks ago
to iake your Peruna and I now feel like a new person. I take pleasure in
recommending it io all whd want a gcod ionic and a permanent cure for
catarrh." — Anna Bryan.
, Miss Anna Bryan, a favorite cousin of William Jennings Bryan, is well known
socially In Washington, D. C, whGro she has 0' host of friends. Miss Bryan re-
cently studied music at Falrmount Se.mlnnry of Washington, I). C. In a recent
letter to The Peruna Medicine Co. of Columbus, Ohio, she says:
1459 Florida Avenue, N. I/If., Washington, D. C.
The Peruna Medicine Co., Columbus, 0.:
The oelvlc organs are also lined with
mucous membrane, which in the femalo
sex is especially liable to derangements.
Peruna is an absolute specific In theso
cases. The wom«n everywhere are prais-
ing it.' No other remedy has ever re-
ceived «uch unqualified praise from such
a 'multitude of women,
If you do not derive prompt and satis-
factory results from the use of Peiuna.
write at 1 <mw -to Dr. Hartmaa. elvi.-^sr a
lull statement of your case, and he will
be pleased to give you his valuable advice
gratis. .
Address Dr. Hartmnn. President of The
Hartman Sanitarium, Columbus, O._
Miss Marie Coats, preside™ of the Ap-
pleton Young Ladies* Club.^writes the fol-
lowing concernins Peruna:
"Appleton. Wls.
"The Peruna Medicine Co.. Columbus. O.
"Gentlemen: J rind Peruna. an excellent
spring and sum- ',,.,*.
mer medicine and ?**•*,•*. _ i
am slad. to call " T
the attention of J -^SS^V^jtS. *
my friends to it. j&^®SJ-"^J !
•VVnen that Ian- . £¥ «*» ?
gruld. tired feeling ? <J^ _ S*gft J
comes over you. ? A y «H» f
and your food? KsK I
no longer tastes J <ggJ£*J §g| {
good and small ;£^£^grr 3W n Vm I
annoyances irri- ? iv*7re^*^ —^*jj|Ki •
tate you. Peruna ? "^^B^^^Z^r^^^ \
will make you J /j|^fj \. ?
feel like another ri .. ?
person Inside of I Miss Marie Coats, f
a week, I have | Mt nn ««.»»• T.
now used it for
three seasons and find It very reliable and
efficacious."— Marie Coats.
Mrs. Al Wetzel. 21 South Seventeenth
street, Terre Haute. Ind., writes:
"Peruna Is the greatest medicine on
earth. I feel well and that tired feeling
is all gone. When I began to take your
medicine I could not smell nor hear a
church bell rinc Now I can smell and
hear. When I began your treatment my
head was terrible, all »ort9 of buzzing,
chirping and loud noises. .Three months
ago I dragged around like a snail: now I
can walk as briskry as ever. I am goins
to go and see the doctor that said I was
not long for this world and tell him that
Peruna cured me."— Mrs. Al Wetzel.
If all the tired women and all the nerv-
ous women and all the women that needed
a tonic would read and heed the words
of these three fair ladles who have- spoken
right to the point, how many Invalids
would be prevented and how many wretch-
ed lives be made happy.
Peruna restores health In a normal way.
Peruna puts rlcht all the mucous mem-
branes of the body, and In this way re-
stores the functions of every organ.
If it la* the stomach th;\t is out of order
and th«t digestion tmymlred. Peruna quick-
ly mnkea things rlsM by restoring the
mucous membrane of the stomuch.
If the nerves tingle. If the brain Is tired,
if the strength Is tiaKKlnfT nrsd the circu-
lation ot blood weakened by flabby mu-
cous membranes of th«» digestive orgrin*,
Peruna renches tho spot at once by Riv-
ing to these membranes the vitality and
activity which belongs to them.
Hemedy.
: j- ¦•¦. ¦ ¦¦ ¦- ¦
Thousands of Fair Women
Are Never Without Pe-ru-na
The National Catarrh
SPRING CATARRH MAKES v
ADVERTISEMENTS.
• •i-i-i-i-i-i-i-i-i":-:-!-:-!-:-!-!-: :-i-i-:"?4-4-i^-:M 1 1 :¦ :¦ : : i'i i-i-w-h-s-w-t w
•j MISS ANNA BRYAN OF WASHINGTON, D. C. J.
j£Sr w JL A jffr NT? -
!/fr .Let the others ask ;big profits — its their right, we don't deny it — W»
Iffj we are satisfied to sell on close margins, satisfied to do the biggest \M
''Ir 'business on the coast, ; .This week we make special prices — good until
7if/ Saturday night only — April 27th. /
Hi Pmi-'s Snan -' 10c Buchanan's Whiskey 5' i
I Rwrnlarrrire ¦»«•-¦ Black and White Scotch j
| Keguiar price .5c. Whiskey selling for $u$o. j .
Hi' 1 cake Packer's Tar and one of . . n ACr^m20c
111 Lawrence's Tar Soap for . 25c Hind's Honey and Ahnond Cream JUC *• j
ii" Duffy's AWt Whiskey ,^7$c . V a!dier'$ Violet Ammonia 20c /| '
\§V •. Regular price $1. . , For bath-regular price 25c. ff.
jM Ladies Bulb Syringe — "~ y -> ' 25c N N Shampoo - 3 for lOc ' *//
~W\ Regular price' 50c. ' Regular price 5c each. >»jj
«rV, Rentier's Halt Extract: .. : .15c Munyon'sS«-p l[l!l
W^ - Regular prke 2>ca hcttle. Regular pnee 25c — our .ly/
w\ Special price by dozen $1.75. usualprice 15c. Jfjlf
- ~ V^Nt. Open all tho time— N»j$Ht and Day. jjv,//
¦¦¦• tik$@tirf' *™ftUp£> -^W
V\™ • 112* M»rn»« S«.. S»n r>»n«»«co //jj
'.*¦•' : W\ ' -Bro»dw«y fclOihSi.. O«!i!»nd ¦¦ ffV7Ing Industries at the mercy of the con
cern.
The law of Colorado prohibits the con
solidation of competing lines such as the
three roads ln auestion to a degree are.
It reads as follows: "No railroad corpo
ration, or the lessees or managers there
of ,- shall cons - lidate its stock, property or
franchises, with any other railroad com
pany owning or having under its control
a parallel or competing line."
Officials of the roads concerned do not
Steamer Movements.
NOTE— In the above exposition of tha tides
the early morning tides are given ln the ' left
band column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time ot
day; the third tlms column gives the last tide
of the day. except when there are but three
tides, as eometlmes occurs. ' The heights given
are ln addition to the sounding? on the United
States Coast Survey charts, except ¦ -when a
minus ( — ) sign precedes the height, and then
the number given Is subtracted from the depth
given by the charts. - The plane of reference
is the mean of the lower low waters.
TO ARRIVE.
TO SAIL.
, DENVER. "•- Colo., ' ' April 20.— Attorney
General Post has announced that he
would take official action to prevent the
consolidation of .the Denver and { Rio
Grande, , Colorado . Midland and Colorado
and Southern railroads, according , to the
plan- of- the 'Gould -interests, which' ¦'"¦are
reported to have . secured control 'of : all
these lines, with .the intention- of merg
ing them into one system. His contention
is that i the consolidation would create a
monopoly of the railroad business in this
State, and leav« the mining: and smelt-
OPPOSES A CONSOIiIBATION.
California r Northwestern , Railway - will
run an excursion toUkiah Sunday, April
28.' Fare for round trip 52.00. Each ticket
sold Insures a seat. Depart from Tiburon
ferry 8:30 a. m. On return leave Ukiah
500 p. m. Tickets on sale'at- ticket office,
650 Market street and Tiburqn ferry.
Branch HydroEraphie Office. U. S. N., Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, Cal.,
' April 20, 1901.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon. to-day—
1. e., at noon of the 120th meridian, or at 8
o'clock p. m.,' Greenwich time.- *¦
: . ' . ¦ .- C. G. CALKINS.
Lieutenant Commander. U. S. N., in charge
Time Ball.
' Mrs. Hardhead— I can always tell what
kind of a wife a man has by his views on
the woman Question.
Stranger— I have all sorts of views.
Mrs. Hardhead — Then you are a Chicago
man. — Philadelphia. Inquirer.
admit that the Gould syndicate, controls
them, while claiming that in the event
a consolidation were contemplated it
could be effected without violating tha
letter of the law.
LOGGING CONTBACTOBS ,
CALLED TO ACCOUNT
Government Inspectors Curb the Un
lawful Activity of Lumbermen
on the Indian Lands.
MINNEAPOLIS. April 20.— The Journal'
to-day prints a page report of its Investi
gations Into the depredations on the Chip
pewa Indian reservations this winter by
logging contractors under the "dead and
down" act. In almost every camp quan
tities of BTeen timber have been cut. In
many instances the logging contractors
openly admitted illegal cutting. The spe
cial Government Inspectors found that out
of 49,000,000 feet cut this winter 9.000,000
feet had been illegally cut. Joseph R.
Fair, the special inspector sent to investi
gate by Indian Commissioner Jones, has
force'd the lumbermen to buy these logs
of the contractors and to pay for them
at $11 a thousand, thus securing for the
Indian fund $100,000 extra.
Captain W. A. Meyer, the Indian Agent
at Leech Lake, has closed up several
camps entirely. He and Mr. Farr have
gone to Chicago to report to Commissioner
Jones.
TORPEDO-BOAT TAILS
ON HER SECOND TRIAL
Goldsborough Meets With an Acci
dent While on Her Bun for the
Government.
WASHINGTON. April 20.— Like almost
every one of the torpedo boats recently
added to the navy, the little Goldsbor
ough, which promised ao well, has come
to grief on her final trial. A telegram re
ceived at the Navv Department from
Lieutenant Commander Peters, the prln
clpal trial officer, dated Seattle, Wash.,
Thursday, reads:
"The second trial of the Goldsborough
was Interrupted to-day by the breaking
of the port low pressure eccentric rod,
forty-six minutes after starting. Probably
not less than ten days will be required to
rent."
A later dispatch announces that the
break was due to a defect in material.
BELTErVES HIS CAPTURED
POLICEMAN'S MURDE&EB
Zlissouzi Sheriff Telegraphs About a
Han Who Resembles One Now .
Wanted in Denver.
DENVER, April 20. — A telegTam was re
ceived to-day by Sheriff Jones from Sheriff
Albert Bice of Jasper County, Mo., say
ing that he has arrested at Carthage, Mo.,
a man known aa Jack Gardner, but whom
he believes to be Wellington C. Llewellyn,
who Is wajited in this city on a chaxee of
murder. Llewellyn was a member of the
Thirty-fourth Regiment, stationed at Fort
Logan In 1899, and on August 13 of that
year he shot and killed Policeman W. E.
Griffith and Thomas Clifford, who at
tempted to arrest him for disorderly con
duct In this city.
THOTTSAND MEN LEAVE
TH Kl K- WOBE TN QUEBEC
DETROIT, ADril 20.— General R, A. Al-
ger received a dispatch to-day from Mon
treal saying that nearly 1000 men employed
by the Laurentlde Ptilp Company at
Grandmere, Quebec, of which he is one of
the principal owners, had gone on a strike
owing to a reduction In wages.
*
Burning of a Grain Elevator.
SOUTH BEND, Ind., April 20.—The
Churchill-White grain elevator burned to
day. It was a modern elevator .of 600,000
bushels capacity. About 200 carloads of
grain were burned. The loss is more than
$100,000.
Etmr Point Arena, Hansen. Mendoclno.
N& stmr Kvarven, Kanltz, Comox.
Stmr Samoa, Gunderson, Eureka.
Tug Geo R Vosberg, Weber, Nehalem River,
with barge C H Wheeler In tow.
Barge C H Wheeler, Nehalem -River, In tow
of tug: Geo R Vosberg.
Ship Indiana, Boiton, Bristol Bay.
Bark C D Bryant, Colly, Honolulu.
. Schr" Jennie Griffin, Campbell, Bodega.
Schr Ocean Spray, Larsen, Iversens Landing.
Schr Robert R Hind, "Hellinarsen. Seattle.
Schr Gem, Johnson, Bristol Bay.
Schr Jennie Thelin, Mattson, Grays Harbor.
TELEGRAPHIC. ,
POINT LOBOS, April 20, 10 p m— Weather
hazy; wind west, 16 miles per hour.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
PORT TOWNSEND— Sailed April 20— Schr
Eric, for Cowlchan; Br bark Stlllwater; schr
Glendale, hence April 6, for Tacoma; schr
James Sennett, hence April 6. for Seattle; Br
ship Lynton. for Tacoma.
Arrived April 20 — Schr Defiance, from Hono-
Passed in aVh 20— Bark Vidette, from San
Pedro; bktn Amelia, from Eleele.
SEATTLE— Sailed April 19— Stmr City of Se
attle, for Skaguay.
Arrived April 20 — Schr James Sennett, hence
April 6.
Sailed April 20— Stmr Czarina, for Tacoma.
EUREKA— Arrived April 19— Stmr North
Fork, hence April IS. April 20— Stmr Santa.
Barbara, hence April 19.
Sailed April 20— Schr Mary Buhne and stmrs
Santa Barbara and Pomona, for San Francisco.
SOUTH BEND— Arrived April 1*-Stmr Ri
val, hence April 16.
NEAH BAY— Passed April 20— Ship Jabez
Howes, from Honolulu, for Port Townsend.
CRESCENT CITT— To sail April 20— Stmr
Crescent City, for San Francisco.
COOS BAY— Arrived April 19— Schr Gotama,
hence April 4. April 20— Schr Monterey, hence
April 17. ' - ¦• '
BANDON— Sailed April ' 20— Stmr Argo, for
San Francisco. • '
GRATS HARBOR— Arrived April- 20— Schr
Azalea, from San Pedro; stmr Grace Dollar,
hence " April 16. • . -.. ¦•;¦¦ ':'
REDONDO— Arrived April 20— Stmr Newsboy,
from Albion. .,.--. . . - ¦ .
SAN PEDRO— Arrived April 20— Stmr West
port, from Eureka; Btmr Alcazar, from . ¦
PORT BL.AKELBY— Launched April 20, 5:20
p m— Schr Balboa. . „
ASTORIA— Arrived April 20— Stmr George W
Elder, hence April 18; Ger bark Paul Isenberg,
from Honolulu ; Br stmr IndravelU. from Hong
"salied April 20— Br stmr Saint Bede, for
China; Br stmr Warfield, for West Coast.
PORT GAMBLE— Arrived April 20— Bktn
John Smith, from Port Blakeley.
TACOMA— Arrived April 20— Schr Glendale,
hence April 6; stmrs Washtenaw and Walla
Walla, hence April 16: stmr 8outh Portland,
hence April 15; Br ship Lynton, from Port
Townsend. ¦ ' \
Sailed April 20— Stmr Washtenaw. for San
Francisco; stmr Chas Nelson, for Skaguay;
bark Haydn Brown, for San Francisco.
FOREIGN PORTS.
ST LUCIA— Sailed April 20— Stmr Californlan,
for Philadelphia. . . ' ' •'
YOKOHAMA— Arrived April 19— Br stmr Gae
lic, hence March 30. .
MANILA— To sail April 22— U S stmr Sheri
dan, for San Francisco.
Sailed March 21— Schr A J West, for Grays
Harbor.
LYTTLETTON— Arrived April 19-^-Br stmr
Royalist, from Auckland. ¦
SYDNEY— Arrived ¦ April 20— Bktn Gleaner,
from Grays Harbor. * ' ¦ ¦
SHARPNESS— Arrived April 18— Fr bark
Amiral Troude, hence Dec 9. _
HAMBURG— Arrived April 20— Ger bark Olga,
from Portland. _ .
BUENOS AYRES— Arrived April 18— Schr
Alice McDonald, from Ship Island.
OCEAN STEAMERS,
NEW YORK— Arrived April 20— Stmr St
Louis, from Southampton. ., _
Sailed Ar>ril 20— Stmr Phoenicia, for Ham
burg; stmr Campania, for Liverpool; Btmr
Vaderland, for Southampton; stmr Kaiser
Maria Theresa, for Bremen; stmr Amsterdam,
for Rotterdam: stmr Astoria, for 'Glasgow.,
HAVRE— Arrived April IS— Ctmr La Cham
pog-ne, from New Tork.
Sailed April 20— Stmr La Bretagne, for New
'York. .. '
. Saturday, April 20. .
U S stmr Bolace, Winslow, Manila and
Guam, via Honolulu.
U S stmr Thomas, Buford, Manila.' via Hono
lulu. * ,-> .
. Stmr National City, Dettmera. .
Stmr Noyo, Thwlng, Eureka. • ~ t <
Stmr Leelanaw, . Storrs, Panama. - J ,'/
SAILED.
Saturday, April SO. -
Btmr Chllkat, Bull, Pyramid Harbor; Alaska.
P Stetf 1 S3J^ < Ana; 0 8trand. Seattle; H T Kruse.
Stmr Umatllla, Cousins, Victoria,; Goodall.
Perkins & Co. - "
Stmr Leelanaw. Storrs, Panama.; : Panama,
R R & S S Line..
Bark C D Bryant, Colly, Honolulu; WUlIams,
Bark Guy C Goss, Gilmore, Bristol Bay; Pa
cific Steam Whaling Co.
CLEARED.
j Saturday, April 20.
Star Greenwood, Faeerlund.- 15 hours ' from
Stmr* Columbia, ~ Doran. B5 hours from Port
land, via Astoria 41% hours.
Stmr Garonne. McF&rland. 40 days from Ma
nila, via Nagasaki . 30 days, via Honolulu . 9
j^tmr San. Pedro, Jahnsen, 4S hours from Saa
Stmr Sequoia, "Wtokel, 47 hours from Saa
Bc£r Newark, Beck, U hours from , Stewarta
Srtir Archie and Fontle, Huntlnr, 24 hours
from Stewarta Point.
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
CRESCENT . CrrY— CALIFORNIA.
Notice is hereby given that the bell buov,
painted black and marked "C. • C," that re
cently dragged from Its position about 175 feet
E.N.B. % E. of Fauntleroy, Crescent City
Harbor, California, was replaced by another
buoy April M. 1901. . .
The new buoy is about 300 feet E-.S.E. of
Fauntleroy Rock In 33 feet of water and
should be left to the westward.
The old buoy Is about 700 feet E.N.E. of
Fauntleroy Rock In SO feet of water and will
be removed as soon as practicable.
This notice affects the "List of Beacons and
Buoys, Pacific Coast, 1901," pages 80 and S3.
By order of the Lighthouse Board.
U. SEBRBE,
Commander. U. S. N., -
Inspector Twelfth Lighthouse District.
Notice is hereby given that the first-class Iron
spar buoy, black. No. 1. off Outer End North
Jetty, Humboldt Bar, California, which went
adrift December IS. 1900, was replaced April
17, 1901. about 1400 feet W.N.W. of the sub
merged end of the North Jetty in 27 feet of
water.
The buoy Is now about 600 feet to the nortn
ward of its old position and should be left to
the northward. •.••¦¦ . . .
Notice to Mariners.
HUMBOLDT BAR— CALIFORNIA.
Tlie Leelanaw's Cargo.
The steamer Leelanaw cleared yesterday for
Panama, with merchandise for New York val
ued at $156,913; for Hamburg:, $2160; for
Jamaica, $1838, making a total value of $160,911.
The cargo consisted of the following:
For New York— 259,047 gals wine, 87 logs
hardwood, 609 bales grease wool, 25 bales
scoured 'wool, 373 bbls asphaltum, 64,886 iba
dried hides, 35 tons dried fruit, 6650 lbs peas,
1218 lbs beans, 500 cs canned fruit, 19 pkgs
leather belting, 269 ska cattle horns, 61 bales
cattle balr, 14 bales old metal, 80 bales old
rubber, 100,000 lbs grease, 27 gals brandy.
For Hamburg— 98 bags 12 bbls shells, 2S39 lbs
pressed hair. 1640 lbs beeswax.
¦ For Kingston, Jamaica; — 256 bales . wrapping
paper, 250 cs salmon, S9 cs canned fruit.
The C. H. Merchant will load lumber at Port
Ludlow for Lahalna; the Endeavor, lumber at
Port Blakeley for Honolulu; the Novelty, lum
ber on Columbia River for Sydney, 52s 6d; ths
Skaglt, lumber at Port Gamble for Honolulu;
the Lynton, wheat at Tocamo for Europe, 3Ja
9d; the British steamer Caithness, lumber on
Puxet Sound for Port Plrie, 55s, prior to ar
rival.
Shippings Merchants.
Hatters of Interest to Mariners and
NEWS OP THE OCEAN.
Water Front Notes.
The schooner Carrie and Annie has been
purchased by the American Board of For
eign Missions and will be fitted out for a
cruise among the Caroline and Marshal
groups. The Carrie and Annie was built
at Essex, Me., and during the Klondike
rush came here with a party of gold hunt
ers. When the party reached St. Michael
the schooner was sold and her new own
ers sent her cod fishing. Then she was
purchased by A. P. Mordaunt and last
year be fitted her out for Nome. Sinco
her return from that trip she has been
laid up in Oakland Creek.
The steamship Jeanie will not get away
for Nome until 1 p. m. to-day. A lot of
freight for her arrived at the last moment
and that delayed her.
The navy transport Solace sailed for
Manila with supplies yesterday.
The Panama Railroad Company's steam
ship Leelanaw sailed for Panama direct
with forty cabin passengers and a full
cargo yesterday.
Charles Osterquis fell down the hold of
the British ship Port Crawford yesterday.
Several severe lacerations of the scalp
were treated In the JIarbor Hospital by
Dr. Morrison.
. . ' * ¦ ¦
ONE of the prettiest spectacles seen
on the bay In a long time was
the launching of the four-masted
schooner Mindoro from Hay &
Wright's yards, Alameda Point,
yesterday afternoon. .. There must have
been over 500 people aboard the vessel
when she slid into the bay and their
cheers mingled with the sounds of the
steam whistles as the handsome craft was
christened. Nearly every shipmaster in
town was present at the- launching.
! The Mindoro is 175 feet long, 38 feet 6
inches beam and 14 feet deep. Martin
Sanders is her managing owner and she
makes the sixth vessel of the same class
turned out by Hay & Wright for his syn
dicate. The first one was the Philippine,
then came the Expansion, Luzon, Com
merce, Forester and now the Mindoro.
Another schooner 17 feet longer than the
Mindoro is now nearing completion at Hay
& Wright's for the same syndicate. The
schooners now In commission have been
all over the world and everywhere they
have been praised for their beauty, speed
and strength.
The Mindoro will be sparred at Alameda
Point and will probably go into commis
sion about the middle of May.
Cnited States Coast ' and Geodetio Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
"Waters at Fort Point, J entrance - to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent. _ .
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street i wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort . Point;
the height of tide ta the same at both alaces..
Sun, Moon and Tide.
YOKOHAMA— Arrived prior to April 20—
Stmr Kinshlu Mam, from Seattle; stmr Gaelic,
from San. Francisco, via Honolulu, for Hong
kong.
CALLAO — Arrived prior to April 20 — Stmr
American, from Honolulu, for New York, for
coal, and proceeded 20th.
SHANGHAI— Arrlved-prior to April 20— Stmr
Almond Branch, from Portland, Or.
HONGKONG— Arrived prior to April 20— Stmr
Carlisle City, from San Diego; Btmr City of
Peking:, from San Francisco, via Honolulu and
Yokohama.
BREMEN— Sailed April 20— Stmr Grosser
Kurfurst, for New York.
CHERBOURG— Sailed ADril 20— Stmr New
York, from • Southampton, for New York.
LONDON— Sailed April 20— Stmr Minnehaha.
LIVERPOOL.— Arrived April 20— Stmr Penn
land, from Philadelphia; stmr Georgic. from
New • York.
Sailed April 20— Stmr Lucania, for New York.
NAPLES— Sailed April 19— Stmr Belgrravia,
for New York.
ANTWERP— Sailed April 20— Stmr Friesland,
LAUNCHING OF THE HANDSOME NEW FOUR-MASTED SCHOONER MINDORO AT HAT & WRIGHTS YARDS,
ALAMEDA POINT, YESTERDAY. SHE WAS BUILT FOR MARTIN SANDERS AND OTHERS AND WILL BE
H ADDED TO THE COAST FLEET. .
The matter of a requisition for the re
turn of ex-Governor laylor from Indiana
for trial is again a theme of popular spec
ulation, but the commonwealth's attorney.
Franklin, refuses to discuss it, and up to
noon to-day no application for extradition
papers had been filed.
The verdict In the Ripley case is gen
erally approved, though it was a surprise,
as It was generally predicted there would
be a hung jury. Captain Ripley is the
fourth one of the alleged Goebel suspects
to be tried. The Jury in the Ripley case
was composed exclusively of Democrats.
Although the Jury was out two hours,
meet of the time was J taken up in dis
cussing the case in the jury' room. Onlv
two ballots were taken. On the first bal
lot ten 'Jurors voted "not guilty" and two
voted "guilty." The two who voted guilty
said they believed the evidence j showed
him connected with the conspiracy, but
when they learned that either a life, im
prisonment sentence or the death sentence
must be ltasosed and that a shorter sen
tence would not be permissible they voted
with the majority for an acquittal.
FRANKFORT, Ky., April 2O.-The jury
in the case of Captain Garnett Ripley,
charged with being in a conspiracy which
resulted In the assassination of William
Goebel, to-day rendered a verdict of not
guilty. The defendant . was immediately
surrounded by friends and congratulated.
Latest Verdict in Kentucky
Oases Surprises Frank
fort.
Captain Ripley Not One
of the Goebel Con
spirators.
JURY DECLARES
HIM INNOCENT
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY^ APRIL 21, 1901.
Handsome New Four-Masted Vessel, With Over Five Hundred Persons on Board,
Slides \Off the Ways Into the Bay—Cheers and Raucous Steam Whistles
Greet the Christening of the Craft That Will Be Added to Coast Fleet
LAUNCHING OF SCHOONER MINDORO
AT THE SHIPYARD AT ALAMEDA POINT
SUNDAY, APRIL 2L
Sun .rises .' 8:26
Sun sets 6:50
Moon sets 10:20 p. m.
15
Time
Date Ft.
H W
21 ... 0:27 6.3
22 ... 1:151- 6.1
23 ... .2:15 5.9
24 ... 8:08 6.5
25 ... 4:16 6.0
26 ... 5:31 4.7
L. W
27 ... ' 2.4
Time
Ft.
I, W \
7:13—0.9
. 8:10-0.8
9:09-0.5
10:10 -0.2
11:11 0.2
12:09 0.5
H W
6:47 4.E
ITlmol
Time
Ft. Ft.
L W
5.0 ' 7:03 2.6
4.9 7:58 2.9
4.8 9:10 3.2
4.9 10:30 3.2
6.0 11:52 2.8
B.2
H W
| 0.8 7:56 5.3
H w
,2:21
8:20
4:22
6:26
6:21
7:14
L W
1:01
Steamer.
'rom.
Due.
Rainier..........
Hyades....
Pomona...
Bonita. '.*.
Queen
Tanls......
City of Puebla..
Crescent City...
Colon
Empire
Newburgr
Arcata
Mandalay
Argo
Titania....
Eureka
Marlpoaa........
North Fork
Corona....;.....
Washtenaw .....
G. W. Elder....
Santa Rosa
Point Arena....
Czarina
Alliance..:......
Nippon Maru..
Acme...........
Pomona..!......
Walla Walla...
Curacao.........
Peru..: ;...
Seattle & N. Whatcom
Oyster Harbor
Humboldt .»
Newport
San Diego......
Hamburg & Way Pts..
Puget Bound Ports
Crescent City
Panama & Way Ports.
Coos Bay ;
Grays Harbor .-.
Coos Bay
Coqullle River '...
Coquille River...
Nanalmo
Humboldt
Honolulu
Humboldt
Newport'
Tacoma
Portland & Astoria....
San Diego
Point Arena".
Seattle and Tacoma
Portland -and Coos Bay
China and- Japan
Tillamook Bay
Humboldt'
Puget Sound Ports
Mexican* Ports
Valparaiso via Panama
Apr. 21
Apr. 21
Apr. 21
Apr. 21
Apr. 21
Apr. 21
Apr. 22
Apr. 22
Apr. 22
Apr. 22
Apr. 23
Apr. 23
Apr. 23
Apr. 23
Apr. 23
Apr. 24
Apr. 24
Apr. 21
Apr. 24
Apr. 24
Apr. 25
Apr. 23
Apr. 23
Apr. 25
Apr. 23
Apr. 26
Apr. 26
Apr. 26
Apr. 27
Apr. 27
Apr. 27
Steamer.
Destination.
ISalls.
Pier
Point Arena..
Santa Ana....
Eureka
Umattlla
Santa Rosa. . .
Empire.:
Pomona
Bonita.
Columbia.....
Arg-o..........
Rainier....:..
Queen..
April 21.
Point Arena ......
Seattle & Tacoma.
Humboldt ....'.:..:.
Puget Sound Ports.
San Diego
April S3. 1
Coos Bay
Humboldt
Newport ...
Astoria & Portland
April 24.
Coqullle Kiver .....
Seattle & N. What.
San Diego
April 25.
Tahiti direct
Seattle & Tacoma.
Coos Bay
China & Japan
April 26.
Coqullle River.....
Grays Harbor ....
Puset Sound Ports.
Ptlnd & ¦ Coos Bay. |
Newport
April 27. -
Honolulu
Humboldt 3
Seattle & Tacoma.
Nome via Seattle..
1 pm
10 am
9 am
11 am
9 am
13 m
2 pm
9 am
11 am
4 pm
5 pm
9 am
Pier
Pier ¦
Pier :
Pier
Pier :
Pier:
Pier
Pier:
Pier:
Pier
Pier
Pier:
Australia."....
S. Portland...
Arcata
Doric..........
2 pm
5 pm
12 m
1 pm
Pier
Pier :
Pier :
PMSS
Mandalay....
Newburg.....
City Puebla..
Alliance
Corona..
10 am
5 pm
11 am
Pier
Pier
Pier
S.W.
Pier :
9 am
I
Mariposa
North Fork...
Czarina
Jeanle
1 1
2 pm
9 am
5 pm
2 pm
Pier
Pier
Pier
OilW
Time
Date Ft.
H W
21 ... 0:27 6.3
22 ... 1:151- 6.1
23 ... .2:15 5.9
24 ... 8:08 6.5
25 ... 4:16 6.0
26 ... 5:31 4.7
L. W
27 ... ' 2.4
Time
Ft.
I, W \
7:13—0.9
. 8:10-0.8
9:09-0.5
10:10 -0.2
11:11 0.2
12:09 0.5
H W
6:47 4.E
ITlmol
Time
Ft. Ft.
L W
5.0 ' 7:03 2.6
4.9 7:58 2.9
4.8 9:10 3.2
4.9 10:30 3.2
6.0 11:52 2.8
B.2
H W
| 0.8 7:56 5.3
H w
,2:21
8:20
4:22
6:26
6:21
7:14
L W
1:01
Steamer.
'rom.
Due.
Rainier..........
Hyades....
Pomona...
Bonita. '.*.
Queen
Tanls......
City of Puebla..
Crescent City...
Colon
Empire
Newburgr
Arcata
Mandalay
Argo
Titania....
Eureka
Marlpoaa........
North Fork
Corona....;.....
Washtenaw .....
G. W. Elder....
Santa Rosa
Point Arena....
Czarina
Alliance..:......
Nippon Maru..
Acme...........
Pomona..!......
Walla Walla...
Curacao.........
Peru..: ;...
Seattle & N. Whatcom
Oyster Harbor
Humboldt .»
Newport
San Diego......
Hamburg & Way Pts..
Puget Bound Ports
Crescent City
Panama & Way Ports.
Coos Bay ;
Grays Harbor .-.
Coos Bay
Coqullle River '...
Coquille River...
Nanalmo
Humboldt
Honolulu
Humboldt
Newport'
Tacoma
Portland & Astoria....
San Diego
Point Arena".
Seattle and Tacoma
Portland -and Coos Bay
China and- Japan
Tillamook Bay
Humboldt'
Puget Sound Ports
Mexican* Ports
Valparaiso via Panama
Apr. 21
Apr. 21
Apr. 21
Apr. 21
Apr. 21
Apr. 21
Apr. 22
Apr. 22
Apr. 22
Apr. 22
Apr. 23
Apr. 23
Apr. 23
Apr. 23
Apr. 23
Apr. 24
Apr. 24
Apr. 21
Apr. 24
Apr. 24
Apr. 25
Apr. 23
Apr. 23
Apr. 25
Apr. 23
Apr. 26
Apr. 26
Apr. 26
Apr. 27
Apr. 27
Apr. 27
Steamer.
Destination.
ISalls.
Pier
Point Arena..
Santa Ana....
Eureka
Umattlla
Santa Rosa. . .
Empire.:
Pomona
Bonita.
Columbia.....
Arg-o..........
Rainier....:..
Queen..
April 21.
Point Arena ......
Seattle & Tacoma.
Humboldt ....'.:..:.
Puget Sound Ports.
San Diego
April S3. 1
Coos Bay
Humboldt
Newport ...
Astoria & Portland
April 24.
Coqullle Kiver .....
Seattle & N. What.
San Diego
April 25.
Tahiti direct
Seattle & Tacoma.
Coos Bay
China & Japan
April 26.
Coqullle River.....
Grays Harbor ....
Puset Sound Ports.
Ptlnd & ¦ Coos Bay. |
Newport
April 27. -
Honolulu
Humboldt 3
Seattle & Tacoma.
Nome via Seattle..
1 pm
10 am
9 am
11 am
9 am
13 m
2 pm
9 am
11 am
4 pm
5 pm
9 am
Pier
Pier ¦
Pier :
Pier
Pier :
Pier:
Pier
Pier:
Pier:
Pier
Pier
Pier:
Australia."....
S. Portland...
Arcata
Doric..........
2 pm
5 pm
12 m
1 pm
Pier
Pier :
Pier :
PMSS
Mandalay....
Newburg.....
City Puebla..
Alliance
Corona..
10 am
5 pm
11 am
Pier
Pier
Pier
S.W.
Pier :
9 am
I
Mariposa
North Fork...
Czarina
Jeanle
1 1
2 pm
9 am
5 pm
2 pm
Pier
Pier
Pier
OilW
ADVEBTISEMENTa
,A T> VTrRTT g ' R ' M T ! 'N 7 '^.
COAL, COKE A >D Pld IRON.
J C %\\ K(\\ Cfi *W Battery Street.
OILS.
LtTBRICATHCQ OILS. LEONARD & vrr.T.TTL
418 Frost Et.. B. F. Phone Main 171*.
DIRECTORY
on Application.
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogues and Price Lists Mails!
COPPERSMITH.
f W ?RTTTH Eh 'P Plumblnj:. Steamboat and
W- W* > iiillU, gfcjp vr ork a epeclalty. II and
18 Washington Bt. Telephone Main 68*1.
FRESH AND SKI. T MHATS.
fAS RdYF^/rfi Ehlppins Batcher*. 1M
JA> DUICJdWJ- clay. TeL Main 12M."
PRINTINO.
F FFfiHP? PRINTER.
I>- . •• ULfUMCOt fix Sansome »t.. S. T.
PRINTERS. BOoKbl.NDERj.
THE HICKB-JUDD CO..
23 First Street. San Francisco.
STATIONER AND PRINTEM.
806 ffiSSr* PARTRIDGE Te c153f Ua
? JPATZMTS J
vi AOKsrr" sr SANSS'
Between Pine and California at*.
RE7VYOVED.
PATRICK <& CO.,
EUBBEB STAMPS. ETC..
TO 221 SANSO/WE ST..
*&^i£*'^SSZA remedy f or Gonorrhoea.
SJf**' Spermatorrhoea,
JSxiJf in 1 to5«»yi.\Ji white*, unnatural db«
B3££g7 Cunnteei \g ch&rgi or any inflamma-
uui>| cot u> itnctwf. tion, i ritation cr clcera-
f A i *> Prerecu eosuclon. tion .f mocom mem*
K?»VTK£EvnK3 CHEMTM.C3. br * nel -
%tt*i\ CIHCIKKATI.0 .E3X3 6>ol<1 ** Drnrrlala,
v jShi' " SSw J*f^HI fc 7 «xpre«e, prepaid, foj
*• -- si" »ent on rwinft«<.
Not a Patent Cure-All, Nor a Modern
Miracle, but Simply a Rational
Cure for Dyspepsia.
In these days of humbuggery and decep-
tion the manufacturers of patent medi-
cines, as a rule, seem to thlnK their medi-
cines will not sell unless they claim that
It will cure every disease under the, sun.
And they never think of leaving out dys-
pepsia and stomach troubles. They are
sure to claim that their nostrum is abso-
lutely certain to. cure every dyspeptic and
ho need look no further. * _
In the face of these absurd claims it is
refreshing to note that the proprietors of
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets have carefully
refrained from making . any. undue claims
or false representations regarding: the
merlt3 of this most excellent remedy for
dyspepsia I and stomach troubles. They
make but one "claim for it, and .that Is,
that for indigestion and various stomach
troubles Stuart's' Dyspepsia Tablets- Is a
radical cure. They, go no farther than
this and * any man< or woman suffering
from indigestion, chronic or nervous dys-
pepsia, who will give the remedy a trial
will find that nothings is claimed for it
that the facts will not fully sustain.
It -Is a moden> discovery, composed of
harmless vegetable ingredients acceptable
to the weakest or most delicate, stomach.
Its great : success In curing stomach
troubles is due to the fact that the medi-
cal properties are such that it will digest
whatever wholesome - food Is taken into
the stomach, no matter whether the
stomach is in good working order or not.
It rests the overworked organ and re-
plenishes , the body, the blood, the nerves,
creating a healthy appetite, gives refresh-
ing sleep and the blessings which always
accompany a good ; digestion and proper
assimilation of food. ," '
In using Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets no
dieting is required. Simply eat plenty. of
wholesome food' and take these Tablets
at each meal, thus assisting:, and resting:
the stomach which > rapidly » regains - its
proper digestive power, when the Tablets
will be no longer required. , .
Nervous Dyspepsia is simply a condition
in which some portion or portions of the
nervous system are not properly nour-
ished.. Good digestion invigorates the ner-
vous* system and "every organ. in the body.
Stuart's 'Dyspepsia Tablets are sold by
al! druggists at 50 cents per package.
They are manufactured by . the P. A.
Stuart Co. :of Marshall.* Mich.'. •
Any druggist will tell you it gives uni-
versal satisfaction.
A CITRE FOB * IT.
NERVOUS DYSPEPSIA.
Every Woman
*»SC!S^W»VttV is Interested »nd should know^
/V^ \ "^ , \ "' Vj \ v T» about the wonderful
kM^wSIS MARVEL Whirling Spray
WM :^ 'a V- 'Sv\l1 The new T«t*«l Sjitap. /iwee-
V-'^SSv^^^L tion and Suction. B«it-8»f-
X.- Tc%v ***STS£«S>s. est— Most Convenient.
v^>pg^*Cg^^jy'/<^»>» UUuuHluUUl7,
Ask jvid dr«sr!*t t»r U. \^t, f$LZ ¦«_ i .,<}.
jfbo'-f^not 6api>'.y the \f»V'''W»O ,
MARVEL, accept no -^ \^ '"frgtmx*"
otber. butM>ndsuunpforQ- >V g 'wMfc*
lusTTjoed book— Mai«i.It Klres VA g '''V'/iT
lull p!»ni<-ular» and directions ln- Ci;//. 10
COS Mission rL. San Francisco.
§ Strictly Reliable.
Dr.Talcott
&CO,
Diseases and
. Weakness o*
|men only
IN THE VARIOUS FOKMS OF GENERAL.
debility, and convalescence following certain
diseases, Euch is the lowered standard of the
vital processes that the function of no organ Is
perfectly performed, and with the resulting de-
pression the patient has a REAL weakness.
The physician's first thought, under these con-
ditions, is nerve and other tonics.
Not Weakness ; Symptoms
By far the greater number of patients, how-
ever, seeking relief for so-called "Weakness"
Is furnished by healthy and robust men. On
examination, we find a Prostate Gland which
has been damaged by either a contracted dis-
order or early dissipation. These patients
have no weaJcness at all. Prematureness, Loss
of Vitality, etc, are the symptoms, or disor-
dered function, of the chronically Inflamed
prostate eland. We find by curing this Inflam-
mation that full vigor at once returns. It
ehould be understood that tonics, electricity,
etc.. might cure a real weakness, but would do
harm in inflammation. The main object Is to
reduce the elze of the tender, 6wollen and In-
flamed prostate. This we accomplish by local
treatment, thus avoiding drugs. Men who have
unsuccessfully treated for a weakness should
now understand the cause of failure.
997 MARKET STREET, Cor. 6txth.
The Wonderful Curative Properties of Swamp-Root.
To Prove What This Wonderful New DIs- .j^H^^Iw
covery, SWAMP-ROOT, Will Do for YOU,
Every Reader of "The Call" May Have
a Sample Bottle Sent Absolutely Free
by Mall.
It used to tie considered that only urin- £ a | ] HI
ary and bladder troubles were to be traced Jr I ij II 11
to 'the kidneys, but now modern science yf ¦ It 11 ISL
proves that nearly all diseases have their jjL B Jj • Ns-\
beginning in the disorder of these most //%§ ul \\
The kidneys filter and purify the blood: • V
that is their work. .^^^^^^^Sb^^^S^^S^.
Therefore when your kidneys are weak jy^^^^t^^^^B^S^fi^K^MNk
or out of order you can understand how Jr^^rr^^f^^nmrn^a^^^. S&
quickly your entire body is affected and I MM WNRSKkjSSL
how every organ seems to fail to do its E£|^iS|!||'!^f I J
If you are sick or "feel badly," begin !J^fc3«|}giiaJ^jJaIgtffiV^.^>ll:iCfii{i^i W
taking the famous new discovery, Dr. Kil- fj hIjhmhmmmmmb \%i Wt
mer's Swamp-Root, because as soon as j^|!3 dr KIt72ER'S ft l^S
your kidneys are well they will help all Imm UJ
the other organs to health. A trial will |Kfj« PTJJA MT> T^llfiT Ml I I
convince any one. . . . liar 1 ' w If Xxi'Ii "XvUU 1 ij*J | j
Amens the many famous cures of Swamp- •f5ll!l f (m 3
Root Investigated by The (All tha ona which 1591,11 Kidnev. Liver and Bladder 3fe ri
we publish this week for the benefit of our 'fegji'!| "'^V'"'" «""* flfcSWl
readers erieaks In tha hlsrhest terms of the ifilllll CURE* li'Sraal
wonderful curative properties of thl» great IK3 I Il^fel2
remedy. Mr. Robert Berner. 14 West 117th |j»J I DIRECTIONS. MgrJ
street. New Tork City, writes: "I had been Hi I! « , •. „,,.. *_.„ -_ »*-.« «&lfl
suffering severely from kidney trouble. All ES i » May *jS k^ -^f^nS! ' WJa
symptoms were on hand; my former strength '(Oft I *^»V>oontu^ baiora ox after bmJi JHa^
and oower had left me; I could hardly drag '}j*'nl and at b * dtlla * > IfltlllB
myself alons. Even my mental capacity was 'iBal j CSilldrea tees accordlnsf to «ST«- lifwllS
giving out and often I wished to die. It wa3 j X«f | May comiaenca wlti cna-1 dcie* l/q. tj
then that I saw an advertiBement of yours in jjCKg md tacre^o to ftUl dose or more, I 3 : llM
a New York paper, but I would not have paid kO I "~ t h 7^e«Irwon!d seem to reanlre \U II H
any attention to It had It not promised a IE1 J «» the easa would seem to roqmio. ;ii mn
sworn guarantee with every bottle of your »M 1 TnJ3 great remedy cores *J ! H ]M
medicine, asserting that your Swamp- Root is 'El' I Wduey. llrer, bladder asd Crio llgljp
purely vegetable and does not contain any ad Acid troubles and disorders due jjFllM
harmful drugs. I am seventy years and four jj *¦;] I to weak kidneys, such as catarrh \\ HS
months old, and with a irood conscience I can l£j I o f tia b'adder grave! rheuma- SI iTIS
recommend Swamo- Root to all sufferers from SiiSJ I u OT , lumbago* and Brlghfs Dl* 11 HaQ
kidney troubles. Four members of my family slvjl ' * v,, ,<»"„? ?,I_T» I i'l^
have been usine Swamp-Root for four dlf- fM ~? • h u to9 f3na <* II , %M
ferent kidney diseases, with the earn? good \i'M \ «aaey disease. J M^J
results." Tour-3 truly, ROBERT BERNER. jja| It 13 pleasant to taia. fll^aJM
"Weak and unhealthy kidneys are re- 1 Hi I ».«««««,.-, ii$*7J«4
sponsible for many kinds of diseases, and 'jfjl I PR-PAR-3 ONLY ST ViC'h \-R
if permitted to continue much suffering, 'Ipajl DR KILP4ER & CO 'ffi&alS
with fatal results, are sure to follow. M! iJOraia
Kidney trouble irritates the nerves, makes l| Ml BlfJGHAfJTON, N. Y. fia&n
you dizzy, restless, sleepless and irritable: il t-3! «• ••* *. ¦• ¦-» . II sill M
makes you pass water often during the ij aoia Df all i>ru£gl»t*. l|j|S,'g
day and obliges you to get up many times !| -||!*-"»^ >^—^U|.ijjt,o
during the night. Unhealthy kidneys J SHUIin^nRSQWIf il If £1 1.TIIITn nifl If H ffffl79 9fflf.8
cause rheumatism, gravel, catarrh of thfe
blauder, pain or dull ache in the back. j _^==^^T7^3 r y^fo',iq
joints and muscles; makes your head ache il: l Y^- IIL11 wniTffii'^'^lir 1 ' 1 _1 3
and back ache, causes indigestion, stom- , !| iru)iajii77^5 : -g^^^^^fc--i;' ' "-^Sf''?7h7a'fffl
ach and liver trouble; you get a sallow, f M$^^ r i-^^WM
yellow complexion; makes you feel as Jifrv'^fV ... .7, *^ =^ 5^ ii;^^
though you had heart trouble. Tou may *Wa*!-.'-?.* "¦¦' : .- - '^*r ¦:¦ , -T^-rdJ
Sr^S&SK^ZLf?* n ° 8trenSth: (Swamx^Root is pleasant to tal».>
In taking Swamp-Root you afford natu ral help to Nature , for Swamp-Root la the
most perfect healer and gentle aid to th e kidneys that is ~nown to medical science,
Many women suffer untold misery beca use the nature of their disease Is not cor-
rectly- understood: in most cases they ar e i ed to believe that womb trouble o»
female weakness of some sort 13 responsible for their many Ills, when In fact dis-
ordered kidneys are the chief cause of thej r distressing troubles
If there is any doubt in your mind as t o your condition, taUfe from vour urine on
rising about four ounces, place it in a glas s or bottle and let it stand twenty-four
hours. If on examination It is milky or cloudy, if there is a brick-dust settling, or
if small particles float about In It, your kidneys are In need of immediate attention.
If you are already convinced that Swamp-Root Is what you need, you can pur-
chase the regular fifty-cent and one-dollar size bottles at the drus stores every-
where.
EDITORIAL NOTE. — Swamp-Roof! the great Kidnev. Liver and Bladder
remedy, is so. remarkably successful that a special arrangement has been made by
which all readers of "The Call" who have not already tried it may hare a sample
bottle sent absolutely free by mail. Also a book telling all about kidney and bladder
troubles and containing man* of the thousands upon thousands of testimonial letters
received from men and women cured by Swamp-Root. In writing be sure and mention
reading this generous offer in the San Francisco Sunday Call when sending your address
to Dr. Kilmer & Co., Binghamton. N. Y.
leinar can be consulted daily and Sun-
days from 10 a. m. to 5 p. m. at her office,
I14S Market street, opposite Sixth.
In her chosen work she Is truly mar-
velous. She tells of events in your past
life long ago forgotten. As for the future.
Eh,e draws aside the mystic veils and gives
you a correct insight thereto. She sets
the worried mind at ease, tells of losses
and achievements yet to come, how to
avert disaster, and also locates beyond
the shadow ot a doubt the seat of any
physical ailment with which one Is afflict-
ed. The gTeat journals throughout Amer-
ica have published so many incidents of
her foresight that It would be but useless
repetition to speak of them here.
The San Francisco public have bo often
been humbugged by. charlatans ln the
guise of Clairvoyants and Palmists that
they cannot fail to appreciate and visit
for consultation Ismar, the celebrated
Egyptian Seeress. whose marvelous gift
of foresight has made her the wonder of
the e£e.
CROWDS CONSULT HER.
Marvelous Revelations of the
Future as Well as Facts
Toll or the Past.
ISM£IF(
THE &YPSY.
DR. KILMER'S SWAMP-BOOT.
pi DR. KILMER'S imJlM
I SWAItlP-ROOT II I
|2J Kidney, Liver and Bladder |M|r|
rail May t«k» one, two or t!a«9 I K{9
{m( I teaspoonfaJsbaforoor after me«J» Jj igjjQ]
' (flill i Children tees according to «£•• 'ift'l'^
j S3 I Slay commence with cna-1 dc*ea j/9; jj|j
ifiBU J| and tocresao to fall doso or more, Jlg.jjej
iri jl as the case would seem to require. :f J u['''9
353 a This great remedy corea »!1 |/HifP|
I'raljj Mdney. Urer. bladder asd Trie |I»m|h
Acid troubles and disorders due jJ^.13
L'Ea It *° wea^ kidneys, gncaascatarrlt I cSmS
9rJ|| of tha bladder, sraTel. rheum*- if fi-'ju
] ?J eas<e, whicli U tie worst form of J KMrl
'J a It 13 pleasant to take. ilj^pi^l
I * PREPARED ONLY ST /» rt| f|
I, DR. KILP4ER & CO. lipl
I § BlfJGHAfJTON, N. Y. Iflfl
ffl Sold by all Druggists, rjfiiy
¦F - I— — — — ! 1 f
ii iiinj Sterling Fvirniture j w^
|Low prices and something more.
1 You can't get "trash" furniture at our store at
g Worthy furniture or none!
I Bed Bureau and
I Washstand $34.00
r. DAINTY WHITE MAPLE
I . Every store in town has advertised "oak suites'*
¦'and "oak ! suites" and "oak suites"— and at all kinds of
| prices.
I Isn't this an acceptable change?
B . The bed is usually 4-4 size with a headboard 6 feet
I 3 inches high, carved and paneled just as the picture |
8 shows it. |!
I The bureau- is 42 inches wide and 20 inches deep, jj
I The beveled plate mirror is 20x24- inches. |
n The washstand corresponds in design and finish, g
I the wood is white and clear, and possesses that daintiness I
I that: makes maple furniture so serviceable for bedrooms. |
I The finish is all that you would expe.ct in a $50 I
I suite— for it really is a $50 suite, for $34. OO. f
I Credit? With pleasure, if you want it! -^ . I
I We give credit" on advertised goods at the prices ad- E
1 vertised — no extra charges for anything. 1
[ Sterling' Furniture
ii 'Phone i^*^ rreedelWerrln 1
I private exchange VjAmnaV AlMTdl I
VnwMif|TO39 v? MarKet^ Street L— J
I j^pposite McAllister J
Quickly Cures
Tobacco Habit.
Anyone Can Have a Free Trial Package
by Sending Name and Address.
Men need no longer face the trying ordeal of
rwearlng off from tobacco. A well-known
chemist of Cincinnati has discovered a remedy
that xrtnsJly nfftwtn th» <1»«'r» , 'nr t"hn<vo.
A Healthy Stomach and a Stomach Ulcerated
and 8hrunken from Tobacco Poison.
Btoos the cravlnj: for cigarettes, spoils a cigar
or pipe smoke and makes it Impossible to chew
tobacco. One good feature about this new
remedy. Is the fact that It Is tasteless, so that
ladies mix It In food, tea or cotlee, milk or
chocolate and cur* their husbands, sons or
brothers without their knowing how It hap-
P< Any r"«" who desires to quit using: tobacco
mar now do so ln a very pleasant but thor-
oughly effective manner without any suffering
or nervous . tension. The remedy Is perfectly
harmless and any one may have a free trial
package by sending name and address to the
Sogeri Drug & Chemical Co.. 2147 Fifth and
Kace Sts.. Cincinnati, Ohio.
i owe PUDCC
/ <tfllli MCBURNEY'8
r Jflfw •"UusjcURB
<g4 zjry A thorough core lor
ot i . pains in the back,
VJ Jk BRIGHTS DISEASE.
2* rj^ female troubles, lneoa-
licence Of crlne. brick dnst deposits, bod-
trctting of children, gravel, gall itoaea,
dxoper, diabetes, and rheumatism.
FOR EAT.TC AT
Ko Percentage Drug Co.. 949-9S1 Market
•t.: Dafclbender Drug Co., 214 Kearay «.
Bend 25c in 2c etamps to W. F. McBurney,
41S 6. Spring et. Lob Angeles, Cal., for 3
<U.ie' treatment. Prepaid $1 SO. Druggists.GENTLEMEN WHO WILL REP
RESENT WOODLAND IN THE
¦ GRAND PARLOR. /
C. Silverthorn, the owner referred to,
came by and looked in. He saw the man,
apparently asleep, and spoke to him. Re
ceiving no answer he went over and
found that he had been addressing a
corpse.
The dead man -waa about 37 years of
age and appeared to be a laborer, or,
possibly, a sailor. He nad been dead at
least twenty-four hours. The shoes were
off his feet and a morphine vial in one
of them led to the belief that it was a
case of suicide, but on the way to the
Morgue it was discovered that the neck
was broken and that the body must have
been carried to the car after life had fled.
The police made efforts to identify the
dead man, but nothing was found except
that one man believed he was C. A. Kelly,
a laborer. The post-mortem disclosed the
fact that the neck was dislocated at the
first vertebra. An Inquest will be held
to-morrow morning.
SAN DIEGO, April 20.— A mystery which
the police have failed to fathom waa un
covered this afternoon by the finding of
the body of a man ln a car of hay on a
sidetrack near the foot of G street. The
car arrived here, on Thursday. Two or
three dray loads of hay were taken out
and the car was left unlocked, but not
open." One of the ¦ owners of the hay
passed that 'way yesterday ' and noticed
the car .door partly open. He closed It
and thought no more of the occurrence
until this afternoon.
Charles Morris,, a trackman, was sent,
to set another load of tne hay this after
noon and noted a man apparently asleep
on. the bales, at the rear of the car. He
called to him, but as he did 1 not move:
Morris continued with his work until F.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
FIND A MURDERED
MAN IN A HAY CAR
* ¦ Then Escapes. .
'.DENVER, Colo.. April 20.— Mrs. Eliza
beth Monroe- of J 744 Washington . avenue
was assaulted by an | unknown man" near
her home at. 8:30 o'clock this evening. The
man; struck her. in the face" and tried to
choke", her, but ran. when sbe^ screamed..
She'was not badly_, hurt. .,':, •
, The assault-, occurred in the same vicin
ity In whlch'a' dozen "other women have
been slugged, within the past j year' two
"of them fatally. ""Mrs.' Monroe can give
no definite description of her assailant. -
Unknown Ruffian Strikes and Tries
to. Choke Mrs. Monroe and -
ASSAILANT OF WOMEN / .
REAPPEARS IN DENVER
VANCOUVER, B. C, April 20.— An
American company, headed by T. B. Mc-
Govern & Co. of , New , York and repre
sented at Whatcom by W. A- Onffroy, is
again endeavoring to form a combine. of
the salmon canning industry of British
Columbia. -Not only are canneries of the
Fraser- River to De in the mammoth
concern, but American capital will to a
large extent be Interested in the control
of the fifteen large canneries of Rovers
Inlet, the Skeena and Alert Bay and the
northern coast generally. More than sev
enty canneries are asked to go - into the
new deal. Although nothing official has
yet been given out it is said that the pro
posals made are ¦ receiving favorable con
sideration by the Fraser River . Canners'
Association. v/v? >-.,
- The ¦ English combine proposed at the
close of last season and negotiated upon
ever since has entirely fallen through.
N. : M. | Malcolm j of the \ United Canneries
(Limited) returned, from London -to-day
and, says 'that no arrangements can"pos
sibly be made that could apply to this
season and the deal may be considered
off. ... : - , ---•:,>.:.:
,' * ? -
., Postmaster Commits Suicide.
NEWPORT, Or.. April 20.— Albert Lutt
gens, Postmaster and storekeeper at Lutt
gens,- Alsea Bay,- committed suicide last
night by. shooting himself in-the head. He
was a brother of Captain . Charles Lutt
gens of San Francisco. The cause of- the
suicide is not known. i
TAKING IN BRITISH
COLUMBIA CANNEBIES
No statement of the affairs of the bank
has yet been made, but it is known that
™ D % a $™ u ™ *V e d , eposltora wlu approxi
mate $200,000. Nearly every person in Van
couver was a depositor, and the closing
or the bank has created immense excite
ment. Business was practically at a
standstill in Vancouver to-day.
About six months ago the capital stock
*/n,w. e an * k - was r^ duced from W00.000 to
540,000. Entire confidence was reposed in
the solvency of the institution until a few
weeks ago. when several depositors be
came suspicious and withdrew their de
posits. Hopes are entertained by heavy
depositors that the institution will be re
organized and pay at least 50 per cent
on its deposits. ¦ The' last report was made
on February 28, and on its face the bank
appeared to be in g-ood condition. •: -¦
•WASHINGTON, April. 20.— The doors of
the Firstr National Bank, • Vancouver
Wash., were closed to-day under instruc
tions from the - Comptroller of the Cur
rency, upon recommendation of National
Bank Examiner J. W. Maxwell, and a re
port from him that during the course of
his examination of the bank he had dis
covered a shortage of about $81,000. Ex
aminer Maxwell has been placed in charge
as temporary receiver. n ' - • ¦
Following Is a statement of the condi
tion •of the bank* as shown by Its last re
port to the Comptroller of the Currency,
under date of February 5, 1901: Capital
stock, JfoO.OOO; surplus and undivided prof
«&' * 98 * 4 i c irculatl on- 512,500: deposits. $230.
so 3 ure£%3,3T I1ItleS ' Ete tOtal - re -
g^ a JKe of the bank and sent for. United
States Attorney Gay of Seattle, who will
arrive to-night. He is expected to prefer
charges against the missing men, who,
it. is said, have been making heavy out
side investments of a more or less doubt
ful nature. • .,.. .
Special Dispatch, to The Call.
pany and other concerns operating along
the Columbia River ln Washington and
Oregon.
That the bank was in difficulties was
discovered by Examiner Maxwell about 5
o'clock last night. Calling the president
and cashier he asked about certain en
tries.
"Those are old matters, dating back
several years," was the reply. ' j
Maxwell pressed them further.
"You are the first examiner to even sus
pect that anything- was wrong-," Brown
said; ln a defensive* sort of way.
Then Brown and Canby left, saying that
they would soon return, which they did
not do. At 10:30 o'clock Maxwell took
VANCOUVER, Wash., April 20.— Na-
Uonal Bank Examiner J. W. Maxwell Is
ln charge of the First National Bank of
Vancouver, which failed to open for busi
ness this morning. President Charles
Brown and Cashier E. L. Canby have not
been seen since last night. Brown and
Canby disappeared after 6 o'clock, and
undoubtedly left town. Brown leaves a
vrtfe and three children, and Canby a wife
and five children.
Both men were prominent in the affairs
of Vancouver. Brown was a member of
the Columbia Land and Improvement
Company, the Bridal Veil Lumber Com-
SACRAMENTO. April 20.— Superior
Judge. Shields this afternoon granted a
decree of divorce to Frances B. Dierssen
from William I* Dierssen. The defendant
to the suit, . who is now in the East, en
tered no objection. The couple had been
married scarcely a year and their wed
ding was a brilliant event in local society
circles. ; ¦ ' " \
It was shown i>y the testimony this aft
ernoon that during the last grand opera
season in San Francisco, a few months
after their marriage, Dierssen took his
wife to the metropolis to hear the divine
Melba, but on the way . to the opera, it
was alleged, Dierssen told his wife that
they were bound for .another place of
amusement. She protested agrainst the
change of programme and started to get
off the street car, when Dierssen seized
her by the arm with such force as to leave
black and blue marks.
y On another occasion, so it was testified,
Mrs. Dierssen was obliged to attend a re
hearsal at a church where she had been
engaged to sing, when Dierssen brought
home a duck and requested her to cook
it for dinner. Because she remonstrated,
on the score of lack of time, Dierssen, It
was alleged, shook her severely and
?threatened her' with a' knife. She rushed
across the street to a butcher shop for
protection, and borrowed car fare to take
her to the rehearsal. Other specific acts
were testified to. .
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Details Specific Acts of
Cruelty in Her Tes
timony. .
MRS. DIERSSEN
GETS A DIVORCE
A special train of twenty cars -will ar
rive to-morrow night from the north with
Native Sons. The Grand Parlor will open
its twenty-fourth annual session on Mon
day morning in Armory Hall. The session
will be called to order by Grand Presi
dent Rust. The morning will be occu
pied with organization and the appoint
ing of committees. In the afternoon dele
gates and visiting members will be driven
about the city and suburbs. In the even
ing, there will be a reception at the Meth
odist Church. '
and are suspended ln ; chains over the
streets. • ¦ ¦ .
. SANTA BARBARA, April 20.— In honor
of the coming Grand Parlor session of
the Native Sons of the Golden West Santa
Barbara Is dressed ln her prettiest. State
street looks like a solid block of gold.
Like jewels in this gown of yellow that
the homes of business on State, street are
wearing are myriads of incandescent
lights that sparkle from folds of bunting
Santa Barbara Heady to Entertain
Her Guests.
AWAITS THE NATIVE SONS.
The "Woodland delegation Is not looking 1
for anything within the gift of the Grand
Parlor, but it may be depended upon to
exercise a DOtent influence in shaping
legislation of benefit to the order.
¦ X E.' B. Hayward is business manager- of
the Democrat. He is the secretary of
Woodland Parlor end is recognized by the
grand officers as one of the most efficient
men serVlng in that capacity anywhere in
tho State. . . . .
. iA,C. Huston is a rising; yourigr attorney,
Vho; is already in the front rank of Yolo
County lawyers and whose ability and
learning are recognized by all wno know
wm. % " ' ¦'' : . :. *'
WOODLAND, April 20.— The
three delegates who will rep
resent Woodland Parlor No.
30 in the Grand Parlor left for
Santa Barbara this morning.
The delegation Is made up of representa
tive and popular citizens, and no other
parlor in the State will be more creditably
• represented. .• . •
T. S. Spaulding is one of the leading
merchants of- Woodland and foremost- in
all business enterprises.
Special Dispatch to The Call,
PRESIDENT AND CASHIER OF NATIONAL BANK DISAPPEAR
AND A FEDERAL EXAMINER UNCOVERS HEAVY SHORTAGE
The divorce case was hard fought, but
the court finally granted an absolute di
vorce to Mr. Stanley. The custody of the
boy, a child of 9, was placed with the
father's parents. It was from this de
cision Mrs. Stanley appealed and carried
the case to. the Supreme Court.
Thus the sensational fight of the Klon
dike millionaire for freedom from his
wife, which at first resulted In victory In
a lower court, has been fought In vain.
John Stanley, who, from the time be first
commenced, suit against his wife, has lived
away from her, must now again at least
support the wife he promised to love and
cherish. The custody of his one child,
which the decree of divorce placed In the
hands of his father and mother. Is again
returned Jointly to the couple.
This morning Mrs. Stanley, through her
attorney,- appeared In the Superior Court
and had a date set for the trial of the
damage suit she Instituted against her
husband's father and mother for the
alienating of her husband's affections. At
the time of the divorce Stanley, who en
gaged only in a lukewarm manner In the
fight, was urged on by his parents. They
were the only ones who employed counsel
to prosecute the suit. For this Mrs. Stan
ley asks $50,000 indemnity.
SEATTLE, April 20.— Ella Stanley la still
the lawful wife of John Stanley, the Klon
dike millionaire. The divorce granted to
her husband by the Superior Court of this
county has been declared null aijd void by
the State Supreme Court. This is a re
versal of one of the hardest fought di
vorce cases in the history of the State.
Mrs. Stanley is now In this city and this
morning- began preparation for the active
prosecution of her $50,000 damage suit
against Mr. and Mrs. Stanley, the father
and mother of her husband.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
FAILS TO CAST OFF
HIS MARITAL TIES
THE SAN: FBANCISCQ CALL, SUNDAY,; APRIL 21, v 1901.
16
T.So$paulding, A.VC: Huston ant) E.B.iHayward
Will Represent the Yolo Metropolis in the De
liberations of the Native Sons at Santa Barbara
THREE OF WOODLAND'S FOREMOST
MEN GO TO THE GRAND PARLOR
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
How any man may quickly cure himself after
years ot suffering from sexual weakness, lost
vitality, night losses, varlcocele. etc. and en-
large small weak orgars to full size and vigor.
Eimply send your name and address to Dr. Ik'
W. Knapp, 1373 Hull building, Detroit. Mich.,
snd he will gladly seed the free receipt with
full directions so that sny man may easily cur*
hirncelf at home. . This is certainly a most
generous offer and the following extracts taken
frcm his daily mall show what men tbinic of
bis generosity. ...
"Dear Sir— Please accept my sincere thanks
for yours of recent ¦ date. I have given your
treatment a thorough test and the benefit has
All correspondence Is strictly - confidential,
mailed ln plain, sealed envelope. The receipt
is free for the aslOncr axd ho wants every m.n
to hav* It. * «•*»
been extra ordinary. It has completely braced
me np. I am Just aa viperous as when a toy
and you cannot realize how happy I am." .
"Dear Sir — Tour method worked beautiful ! T
Results were exactly what I needed. Sfrenati
and vlror have completely returned and - a .
lansemeni is entirely satisfactory."
"Dear Sir— Tours was received and I had no
trouble ln making usa of the recelD* aa directed
and can truthfully say It is a boon to weaJc
men. I am rreatly improved ta size. strenstS
and \lgnr."
L. W. KNAPP. M. T>.
VISIT DR. ? JORDAN'S GREAT
MUSEUM OF ANATOMY
' C& 1051 UA2ZET ST. let. 6±&"'X S.P.CU.
. ' ' The Lareest Anatomical Museum in the
' jm jj\. ¦_ World.': . Weaknesses ' or Any contracted
I &So j disease positi»«-ly rnrod tijr tbe oldest
. f eg 1 faprdali'.t on the Coast Esl 36 yeais.
*^SS DR ' JORDAN-DISEASES OF MEN
¦ (5S^S Consultation free and strictly private.
JJ U«7n Treatment personally or by letter. A
8 .tf Vl a Positive Cure in every case undertaken.
$ // 1 «* ¦ Wr 'te Book. PHILOSOPHY ef
I P-«*BRI*6E, MAILED FREE. (A
(i '-'it *' "luable book formrn) . :. -.:
OK. JORDAN * CO.; 1051 ATarketSt.-,S.;F.
Doctor Pierce's Pleasant Pellets ewe
biliousness, and sick headache.- Ther
should- be ,tused in connectionr -with
"Favorite Prescription,", whenever the
use of a- laxative is indicated. .-'* .
¦ Prescription? The.
§ answer can be i
j put in ons^word, j
tB Tc^/i Gratitude.^hen,
ZM after years of
•** < *~ l> ~~ 1^y c agony a woman is
iT?T( /^/it^^ST^ freed from pain>
'd An/ui ifSHHi ll If when *^? weak
/ / l/]e^P*S^'« M woman 3 ma -de
I ( il^^^ SI strong and the
IlifT^^j^jP/ I sic^ "womrai ¦ -well,
fyyyg&jjj^yU I HI the natufal.im-,
I / • viP/il \>?Ai I P u^ se to "write a
Y*** wnlw'*' 11 word of grateful'
A A >$ : w\jhr ' vin than^ s *° r . tlle
1 ,1 me(^ c * ne which
\" •* J* jp-TVy*^ _ caused the cure.
»^ aB^' -nTT- vorite Prescription
?JK cures^ diseases
I /C peculiar to women.
« C It establishes regu-
Wyjm//1\ I \W\ \ 1 a " t y» sto P s weak "
///ll/ni ltm^\ I k ep * n & drains,heals'
If II /HI IMIanWI N iufl anuna tion and
If Alii ClI lli W/S u l cera tio n and
1/1 ll '//w/ /I ft \m\ cures'" female
\\\ \\/l Hi II II II' I weakness.' ,
\\\1 / A\ \\\\ n -'Having- used Dr.
il \» I / JV VjVk W. \ Pierce's Favorite Pre-
vjL t \V\Vk. scription and 'Golden
m^.^^^.^.^^^^i^^^m Medical .^Discovery *
. during the past year,"
writes Mrs. Mattie Lonjr, of Pfouts Valley, Perry
Co., Pa. « I can truthfully recommend the medi-
cines for all female weaknesses. I have used'
several bottles of ' Favorite Prescription ' which
I consider a great blessing- to weak women. . : I
was so nervous and discouraged that I hardly
knew what to do. Your kind advice for home
treatment helped me wonderfully. Thanks to
Dr. Pierce." ; . - .-
Always seeks to find some expression
for itself, and -womanly gratitude will not
keep silence. Cynical people sometimes
say Why do women write these testimo-
nials to the value of Dr. Pierce's Favorite
CURES WEAK MEN FREE.
Send Name and Address To-Day— -You
Can Have It Free and Be Strong
and Vigorous for Life.
INSURES LOVE AND A HAPPY HOME.
I A MUSLIN UNDERWEAR
£-^ w« mmnenet to-morrow, Monday. April 22. our First Great Sale of LADIES' MUSLIN UNDERWEAR for 1901. ' It will be an <
event ofexc«r>tlonal lmportanoe to erery woman who appreciates well-cut, well-made, serviceable and dainty underwear. The few . _^
•^~ items quoted below give only a faint Idea of the extraordinary values to be had during this sale. Our better lines not advertised will — j»
ZZ *>« «>IA at proportionately low prices. . _«¦ \
J6= r« r cpt cmm cambric, trimmed Ladles' Gowns. S^* 1^ 1 , 215 erent ' B^ yl f5 ! 2 Ladles' Drawers. G^s? v 1 *-}^- with wid»
,fc_ \MlXl tOiCiO. pr< . tt y Valenciennes "^ uwuuo. hemstitched. embroidered uu «"w i/iuuwo. rufflg. extraspe-. OAr.
SC 1 Uce and neat embroidery. Spe- 1=^. and lace trimmed effects: extra QQr* cial value at Palr--*iv»w r^
«r cJa i at Each lt>W length. Special at - OOW • .¦ , ' ¦ ¦ , ¦¦¦: -*»
%~ TadlPt 1 rk)WT1^ Empire style, y, high and TjjHIpq' TImwPIN Fine quality muslin, -^
•- r/«rcct rAvere Several styles V-shape and LaQiK> " UBUbi 1 o w n e c k . elaborately uamti uuwc "' trimmed with embroidery •
g*" tOfScl tOVCla. Bquare neck, em- OR/-» trimmed with embroidery and lace; also and lace, .ruffles and cluster of-Ptr|f* '"^m
w broidery trimmed. Special at. Each «UW hemstitched effects; » great va- (Ji.af) tucks. Special ' at ..PairUW _^
y— rlety of styles. Special *i> » . -"*
fc: Tercet favor* French »tyle ln lace trim- VaA\?<i f GiemiS9 Made of good muslin, Em- lartjes' CW-fc , Made of standard quality .^j
WrSK tOYerS. j,,^ embroidered and LaUlC!> VUClmMt plre stylo, edged with " a * llca 0MaDi muslin, embroidery trim-
•*- hemstitched ruffle effects. Spe- rZf\n nice Torchon lace. Special at QQ/> med flounce, with, extra dust' ruf- QQg
<y- ciaj a.t Each OUv fle. Special at...... -. Each y<-»y ~ag
•*"— Tadfpc' r.hpmfsj) Made of good quality ' " —m
S^ rrtpcot f/ITPN Made of fine cambric. WJBIIllMS. cambric, flniehed with full TfldlfiS'-SlfirtS. Made of flne QUalIt Y.. c ¥ n i =5!
ZZ WrSei tOYerS. French styles, lace and eml double hemstitched ruffle, embroidery and LaiUCS OMUS, brlCi doub i e hemstitched - ZZ
SZ' broidery trimmed; very elaborate. QHZr ls - e trimmed; tucked yoke. Spe- CA r flounce; a very wide skirt." Special CI' 25 zZi
ZZ Special at Each OcIV/ clal at tJ\JK* at : ••• 13
| EXTRAORDINARY SALE OF SILKS AND DRESS GOODS; j
g7~ 0,^. gn.K and DRESS GOODS offerings will attract crowds of eager buyers to-morrow. Our business has been growing -^
¦fc— eteadlly. Special offers like these- are making; It more popular every day. .... _««.
ZZ $1.25 SILK CREPE DE CHINE 85c YARD. $1.50 BLACK PIEROLAS 75c YARD. -2
C- To-morrow we place on epedal Bale 26 pieces new 24-lnch. Th« balance of our great purchase of fine Black Goods goes
fc; Crepe de Chine, handsome, rich and lustrous; the most popu- on sale here to-morrow at half price. . —m
¦¦?? lar and •carceet silk material In the market; in new shades, 25 pieces 44-inch English Pierolas ln stylish, neat, email de-
¦>- as Old Rose, Reseda. Pink. Gray. Cream White. Light Blue, j elegant rich black, very lustrous; regular $160 '7'fftr* -—
Turtjuols*. Cardinal. Nile, Lavender and felack; re«ru- Ggj C quality, price „........?. :...........Tard * OC
•»»- lar $1 28 Quality. Special at Yard wuw •* * ,
$1 75 AND $1.50 BUCK SILK GRENADINES $I.I8YD. SPECIAL VALUES IN
£= Our WKsond shipment of that porchas; of 44-lnch Black Silk NFW COLORED DRESS GOODS. -"3
•T^ Grenadine* wlU be on sale to-morrow. New raised stripes, new I^H-TT V\/I_\/I%I_L» l/HLOJ WWWua. 4 —^
Peking stripes, new checks and brocades; they are «C1- 1K • Just opened— Complete new lines of soft, clinging, ., all-wool :^
J ¦" worth U 75 and II 60. Tour choice to-morrow at.. Yard V* dress fabrics ln Panne Henrietta, Batiste. Albatross and Drap >rj
' 95c BLACK SILK TAFFETA 73C YARD. de l' Al Sl on t which we offer to-morrow at the following specially
i S: 1209 yards 2»-Inefa rich, lustrons Black Taffeta SUk. »J«ll- l0W BATISTE $1.00 YARD. ' ""zS
' S &fttS«VrS 7?!.\'?t^™L?.."?.*J£& 73C 44-mch Ill-Woo, 811k ***« French ln.»«r shadej.
! ?c TriCllV Viviiirn mill tone RO#. YARn *« Ola R 086 ' Reseda, Gobelin. Bluet. Castor, Gray, Garnet. _«•
! Z 85C ALL-SILK TWILLED FOULARDS 59C YARD. Watermelon Pink, Lavender and Black. Special at -gl^2 3
! *Z 24-inch rich all-silk, satin finish twilled Foulards, elegant •• • Yard V .
g= designs and latest spring colorings; every yard worth gQ C NEW ALBATROSS 50c YARD. .
ZZ 8SC " *', Sb oV"4ri/*"DriVr"nr"cnVr"o«^ VIPn S8-inch fine all-wool, crepe-flnlsh Albatross, in all the correct —-•
!S= $1.25 BLACK PEAU DE SOIE 95C YARD. spring colorings, as Reseda Green, Old Rose, Nile Green, Cadet,
ZZ £5 pieces, most dependable make, of flne Black Peau de Bluet. Garnet, Cardinal,- Castor; Tan, Gray, Pink, Sky 5QC ' 12
Bole. 21 Inches wide, fine pure silk, good soft quality QQ r Blue. Cream and Black. Special at ...Yard «^v -jj
ZZ that retails at U 25 a yard. Special at Yard OOV N£W fPANNEl HENRIETTAS $5.00 SLIT.
ft- $1.00 SLACK CHEVIOT 69C YARD. Elegant rich ISnish, Bilky appearance, ln the new shades, aa
fc 25 pieces 60-inch All-Wool Black Cheviot, shrunk and sponged; Reseda. Old Rose. New Blue. Castor Biscuit. Cadet <V£ ie J-
\TL excellent rich black; regular $100 quality. On rale ftQ r melon Pink. Gray. Lavender and Black. Extra value CR^
&= here to-morrow at Yard UOW at • •• bun .^^ .. . ,_^..
•»»—. ™ -^ ¦"¦^«—^ — »^_^-M>^ •— HHB p Dirt**!/ 1 *^"^
| -' A SENSATIONAL WASH GOODS SALE. |
-__ « ife-nTng. -wholesale house who accepted our very low offer for over 380 pieces of Wash Goods, we have secured --g
J^«,« n^^rds of excellent styles, consisting of Embroidered Swisses, Dimities. Lawns and Percales, ln latest designs
SJd^olori^g^ whTch we plS? on special sale commencing to-morrow. This will be the greatest bargain sale of new desirable
J»— wash goods we have ever offered. • • - _ ' —^»
£ 25c ed 20c Swisses ZttfeXttSfSSKS- ' WHITE GOODS SPECIALS. 3
| 9C m JJ- . WOTt— SS^ITC |
SZ WCriClMWeallUJf Bhe^ r q Uam y; . regular price 40c. yard.
»— Dp-i a oi- percales 200 pieces of the very best quality S6-lnch 29C Yard.- Sale price... • ¦¦ OQ C -*
y- OcSl \Lgi rcl^dica p erca ies # absolutely fast colors, dark, """ ""* ; Yard -6wV r^
fc: 9C Yaid. medium and light grounds. In dots 9Rn anH 9Ap WWfo finrulo An exceptionally handsome line of -^
j^_ «""" stripes and scrolls; all this season's best ZOC dnQ &W nfllie WWHIS fancy -white Goods for* shirt waists =5g
»- ftvles and colorings; sold everywhere at 12^c yard. Ckr* . 4R(» Yard and summer dresses, mostly stripes and -g
SZ Tour choice for Monday only Yard ' ' hemstitched effects that were bought r^jj
»— 1U under value and worth 25c and 20c a yard. Your choice ' |gf» *-«•
»" lf\#> Tki« TfnPTl 20 pieces extra quality plain Grass Linen. "• ¦ • ....................Yard "
£ 9?Yarf $2.50 Marseilles Quilts ffiS^sr^iiS^uT.^r £?*££. 3
fc 25c Yard. $1.95 Each. »?%££<* gi^i $1^ 3.
B A GREAT OFFERING OF TAILOR-MADE SUITS AND SILK DRESS SKIRTS.
ZZ civ 50 snits * «^ le llne ot «*»* 88 ™l $30.00 and $25.00 Silk J? t ££? l St l £E" 2f"orX5£ » 2-
•E mfS Dms S^ 519.50 Each. gH«SJ£ m^ P^ ffi 3
latest styles and nobby ln cut; sires 32 to 44, worth ««•»£ guaranteed taffeta, with net and chiffon ruffles, latest full =S .
»- $17 60. Sale price flare style, also skeleton drop effect, tlegular value <CIO-50 ~^»
E NW "? T ™ EPE °^Zl pTIfsoie ££¦««£;*£ S.LK ANbM 0REE N PETtTcOAtI 2
g Our showing for this week of fine Peau de Soie, excellent purchase from j* d^ & Co ., Ncw
*~~ Creue de ChiAe end Taffeta Silk W aiStS Consists Of York, we are able to offer you the greatest bargains in well- —•>
exa?t copies o£ latest Parisi^x styles. TJxey are c«- -- Petuco^, W^%^
ZZ. sidered the mest elegant lines ever showa and we reiucuiu wlth douD i e ntae and graduating flounce.
•*^- 1 _ii. 1. ««rW inmMidfl nt game ' S7J5S FaP.h ln all" the new colorings, as sage, reseda, -•
•^---Invite an early inspection 01 same. . pi^j tawi. redf cadet> cyrauo and black ---
S= Kmr.,1, ' 230 new Peau de Soie, Fine Loulslne, Taffeta and Regular value $12 50. Special at €£ C •
ZZ $0.00 taCn, Hemstitched Silk Waists, made with the puff cuff Si RA Sfllf MnrePIl PettlCOatS Best 1 uallt y Silk Moreen Petticoats.
S= WnrfhWM ind I bishop sleeves, hemstitched and tucked effects, . «I>t- OU 0I1B. fflOiTOU rciUtUdlS tal , stitched several styles, in- £3
ZZ «0nfl$/.aU. Sinew and fresh .perfect fit guaranteed; ln black. $2.98 EaC&. : eluding accordeon plaited . jRounce.;--
•^ cream white, pink, reseda, green, light blue and corn; CJR.00 ,„ , in a11 the new • colorings, as gray. zS
Z^ SZ?* to 44- P worlh ,7 60. Special at S>&— g^^SSj-ff™-*,,"^^ §2^
y^. New Arrivals of the Most Favorite Trimmings, MONDAY SPECIALS IN HOSIERY AND UNDERWEAR. J3
ZZ LaceS and AlloverS. TjldW HflSfi !*<"«»' Famr Ribbed Lisle Hose, very elaBtlo, ex- *^»
«s^ m. i,j^^<= +V0+ om -mnct 4n -nao «»4- +>i« •nT+wn+ nouicj uwou tra i en& t n , double heels and toes, warranted stain- ¦ ZS& '
m~~ Tlie kinds ttxat are most in use at tne present, na. p.j lesB black . sizeB 8 to 9% Extra value o«^.
•t= therefore the most in demand; all moderately priced. . 'at ....Pair ZOC .^
ZZ . Grass Linen and Batiste Allovers Edgingsand Ladies' YestS and PantS Z 2
Insertions, Allcver French Eevere Yokings in white 25c Each. hl sh neck, short Bieeves, drawers in
S^Z _ ., »r __j 'ni lw> v «>1j»o-nTi+ •friT- ¦OTalst.S- " knee or ankle length; white ORi-» "^
S~ IBs-tiste ana UiacK, elegant lor amrx waists. mnA ecru Koctra. special at ZOC =Sg
£ EXTRA SPECIAL. ChUdren's Yests and Pants S M *Sr^ c^^^?SSS''3
600 yards Venice and Arabian Escurial Lace Galoons and 25C EaCD. balbriggan Vests and Pants, finished r^
••— Bands, an elegant assortment of choice designs, rang- QKr* seams, with silk braid and C*[~~
Sfc— ing ln price from $2, $160, tl to ..Yard .*iWW I pearl button trimming; sizes 16 to 34. Special at 49C —^
ADVEETISEMEUia.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
i"\¥ALK=ON' > |j|
A Class by Themselves.
Because they have a!» the style and wearing jm±
.a qualities of a $.¦; or $6 shoe. We have them
,/jgSfk in all styles and kindb y&SFlA.
,^jpljjk Fok Mttv AND WOMEN. A»^^^
Remember Onr Guarantee. SllL
Jeg&M not as rtoresented return them at our ex- X^^^i^
//&&&?% pense and get your money back. /^%w'
ISW WE ARE SOLE AGENTS FOR "WALK- «S§Sk
w oHJbCiAL! iff
t«p This week we will close out 200 pairs of
Ladies' fine Patent Vici Kid Oxford Ties. Vsfclk
heavy, hand-turned soles, latest style coin toe. yWjjSa*
i|B||& new military heel. Regular price $3.50. To be
•Jmm^ ° S THIS WEEK at $2.25. < lllll[
IlfSi' WE HAVE NO BRANCH STORES. •
'$8h NOLAN BROS., JF
-fi-pssi?! oIZ'o!4 iflAKlYCl. MK&cl. k§5s?^f
m*Bg!i«l STORE CLOSES AT 6 P. M. SATURDAYS AT 11 T. M. MS^^
at 6 o'clock. T^^^^^^^^^^S^^^^^KHKHE* f"* r miles
We furnish homes, flats. /Ip^^^^-,
rooming-houses and j^^^^^S
hotels complete. 1^0^^^^
From our large stock you can select _ — ' P ~^^^ :^^^^M
the very latest designs in curtains, dra-
peries, carpets and furniture — every ar- > -»''
tide needed to furnish your entire es- •
tablishmer.t. We will estimate the cost Art Squares — Fine
for you and give you credit if you care Bfusselette. in a large va-
for it. . • • riety of patterns. V ;'
T. Brilliant Furniturk Co,,
fimnmllf 9 p o^t St., opposite Union square.April , 20.— The steamer
Ophir,* with" the Duke - and ' Duchess of
Cornwall 'and .' Ydrk • on board, . passed
Malacca this morning." •
Royal Couple Pass Malacca.
PHOENIX. April 20.— After being
chased for three weeks, the pursuit lead
ing 300 miles up the Colorado River,
Frank Payne, an escaped convict from
the penitentiary at Yuma, has been cap
tured. Payne made a , hard fight when
cornered, but was overpowered by . the
guards and Mexican trailers and returned
to Yuma. ','¦:, -
Convict Payne Recaptured.
VANCOUVER, B. C, April 20,-To ex
plore the upper reaches of White River,
a. tributary of the Yukon, Is the object of
a large party of prospectors that left here
to-day for the north by the steamer City
of Seattle. The party, is in charge of
Captain Angus McLean who two years
Special ' Dispatch to The Call.
Angus McLean at the Head
of a Prospecting Ex
pedition.
STARTS T0 EXPLORE
YUKON COPPER CAVES
-. SACRAMENTO. April 20.— W. A. Pow
ell of . 917 Sixteenth . street had . just sunk
into slumber- one night this week whan he
was aroused by the. ringing of. his door
bell. Taking his: lamp with him he cau
tiously opened the door. Before'him stood
an . old, gray-bearded man. He . did not
recognize the visitor and called for an ex
planation.' When, this was given he was
clasped -in the embrace of a brother he
had not seen in forty years.
Last Saw, One Another on
a Battlefield in the
Civil War.
TWO BROTHERS MEET
AFTER FORTY YEARS
; SAN DIEGO,' April 20.— During ;.the , past
day or two this . city" has ] been \ visited by
Chris : Buckley, the', one-time noted :poli
tlcian'of San- Francisco., Mr.: Buckley-; had
been commissioned to purchase for David
Nagle of England'a winter x home inrSan
Diego.; Mr. Nagle. is-. a' noted, turfman
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Chris Biickley Negotiates Deal
For Valuable San Diego
Property."
BUYS SEASIDE HOME
FOR WEALTHY BRITON
Several . months ago Mr. • Nagle paid
quite- an extended visit to California and
while here he determined to have a win
ter home somewhere near San Diego Bay.
At that time he looked at several places,
making notes of some of themj^ and ;a
few weeks ago he sent a commission tf .
Mr. Buckley to come to San • Diego and
purchase for him the country * home . of
W. O. Bowen.just outside. the city limits.
The ... place consists - of twelve , acres of
highly improved land,-, with ¦ orange and
lemon orchards, flower and palm gardens.
It is a typical Southern California home.
Mr. : Nagle will spend his winters here.
of the. snug little isle, though he was a
pioneer miner of California in : the early
days. He has been living in England for
a dozen years or more, where he Is the
proprietor of a noted hostelry, at which
Richard Croker of New York makes his
headquarters while he is on the other side
of the Atlantic. . . ,
When the War of the Rebellion broke
out the brother, A. H. Powell, was a
clergyman of the Methodist Episcopal
Church at Springfield. Mo. The call for
trooops to tight the battles of the Union
was quickly responded to by the then
young minister, who surrendered his pas
torate and said "good-by" to his relatives
and friends. Shouldering- a musket he
marched to the front. His elder brother,
W. A. Powell, now of this city and then
of Ray County. Missouri, enlisted in tho
cause of the Confederacy. ¦ ¦
Last summer Captain McLean, with two
other men, ¦ went to the -' headwaters of
White River a distance of S50 miles from
Fort Selkirk. He discovered several
large* caves in the rugged -Alaskan moun
tains. These are located about five miles
from the . side of the river. In ' the. bare
face of- the rock were found fine show
ings of blue . peacock copper. I Samples
from these ledges assayed more than $120
to the ton In copper and gold. This sea
son the party will thoroughly prospect the
district, which is as yet uninhabited, and
will stake claims there. The party took
supplies for all summer. , . • '
ago had charge of the Dawson business
of the Stewart River Pioneers' corpora
tion.
Court at Sweden's Capital.
STOCKHOLM, Anril 20.— Th« King,
Queen and Crown Prince have returned
here.
to-day publishes a decree levying a duty
on logwood and a supplementary duty on
coffee and cocoa from Hayti. .
Germany Levies Duties.
BERLIN. April 20.— The Relchsanzeiger
ST. PAUX., April 20.— President James
J. Hill's special arrived from Seattle over
the Great Northern this afternoon mak
ing a record of 1S32 miles in fortv-flve
hours and fifty minutes. The entire found
trip. Including the nine hours in Seattle
took but four days and twenty-three
hours. Mr. Hill refused to say anythin**
about his plans.
Californians in "Washington,
WASHINGTON, April 20.— The following
Calif ornians have arrived: Shoreham—
George A. Newhall, G. W. McNear, An
drew Carrigan, Clarence Carrigan. Met
ropolitan — R. II. Paul. Normandie— A. H
Boamer, I. B. Shley, all of San Francisco
Chief of the Great Northern Speeds
' to St Patil and Declines
to Talk.
FBESIDEMT HILL'S TRAIN"
ON KECORD-BREAKIN'G RUN
HAWLINS. Wyo., April 20.— Orlo Mc-
Bwaln and Al Propst, two of the prisoners
•who sawed their way out of jail last night
after overpowering and locking up the
jailer, were recaptured this afternoon and
brought back to jail. The other two pris
oners have eluded pursuit. McSwain and
Propst, though barefooted, coatless and
hauess, had been traveling: steadily since
their escape and were almost exhausted
when captured. McSwain was awaiting
trial on a charge of murder.
{Two of the Criminals Who Escaped
From Bawlins Jail Taken
by Officers.
FUGITIVES CAPTURED
WHEN" NEAE. EXHAUSTED
office Department to-day made the follow
ing announcements: Postoffices discon
tinued: California— Capell, Napa County,
mail to Napa; Summit, San Bernardino
Cour.ty, mail to Cajon. Postmasters com
missioned: California — Ellen E. From
melt, Broderlck; Jarnes B. Warnock, Bal
]ena. Oregon— Phebe Kinton, Minton. Ap
pointed: California— J. C. Rice, Little
Stiver, Mendocino County, vice Amelia
Mahimann. resigned. Oregon — J. J. H.
Kirli. Dorena, Lane County, vice A. H.
Bigelow, resigned. Washington— N. B.
Nelson, Nelson, Ferry County, vice P. B.
Nelson, resigned. Rural free delivery, es
tablished June 1 — MacLeay, Marion Coun
ty. Oregon.
Pacific Coast pensions were issued to
day as follows:
California: Original — Isidore Simon, San
Francisco, $S. Renewal — William Baugh
ton, Oakland, $5. Original widows — Chris
tina Welch, Acampo, $8. War with Spain:
Original— Alexander W. Smith, San Fran
cisco, $14.
Oregon: Additional — Hiram E. Price.
Spring-field, $S. Renewal— William T.
Small, Corvallis, $6. Increase— John Hun
ter, Ashland, $30.
Washington: Restoration — Jeremiah D.
Damrnan, dead, Ellensburg, $20. Increase
—John T. Smith, Spokane, $8. Original
widows— Sabrina Damman, Ellensburgr, $S.
Orders From the Postoflics Depart
ment Slake Changes, and More
Pensions Are Issued.
¦WASHINGTON'. April 20.— The Post-
INTERESTS THE PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
The facts stated appear in the documentary
evidence presented by the Government to the
United States Commissioner in New York upon
the hearing of the application for the removal
of Greene and the Gaynors to Georgia for trial
upon the criminal indictment. If counsel is
unaware of this, it i* because he has not con
eulted the gentlemen who represented Carter on
the former hearings before this court and are
now representing Carter's co-conspirators in the
¦bitt«r fight they are making against being re
moved to Georgia for trial. Believing from the
facts in his possession that Carter wants to get
CQt neither for his health's sake nor In order
to be tried upon the criminal charge in Geor
gia, the Solicitor General has laid before the
court the facts which in his opinion make clear
the real object of this application. For this he
has no apology to make. It is not his belief
that a convicted criminal may assail the Gov
ernment he has defrauded and assert on oath
¦whatever he pleases in support of his applica
tion to be released from punishment, while the
representative of this Government before this
court must stand mute and permit the charges
and statements, however reckless and false, to
go unchallenged to the court.
Recurring to the application, permit me to
cay in conclusion that the only feature which
entitled it to notice was its audacity. Its sup
posed reasons were worthless, its alleged facts
wholly without support. Taken at its best, the
argument amounted to this: That Carter, hav
ing been convicted by one tribunal. Ehould be
released on bail — and thus while at large serve
out a sentence already justly imposed — in order
that he may be arraigned before another tri
bunal. Time enough for him to be released
for another trial when he has served, out his
present sentence.
WASHINGTON'. April 20.— Solicitor Gen
eral Richards to-day filed in the United
States Supreme Court a reply to the mo
tion made by the counsel of Captain O.
M. Carter to strike from the files of the
"court -as irrelevant and scandalous the
Solicitor General's brief in opposition to
Carter's motion to be admitted to bail
pending the decision of his appeal in his
habeas corpus proceedings.
Mr. Richards denies that he went out
eide the record in his case and asserts
that he always tries to observe strictly
the rules of the court requiring counsel
to confine himself to the facts of the. rec
ords in the decision of a case. He sets
forth that Carter's application for bail
is supported by affidavits of physicians to
the effect that the prisoner's health is im
paired and this, Mr. Richards says, is not
only entirely outside the record but is
false. „
Mr. Richards also declares that Car
ter's counsel went outside the record in
the appeal case in averring that
Carter is an Innocent man and wants
to be released in order to be tried in the
criminal case in Georgia. He adds that to
demonstrate the falsity of this last state
ment it was necessary for the Solicitor
General to state what the Government has
donfe in prosecuting the indictment against
Carter and others in the Federal courts
of Georgia- He continues:
Government's Attitude Is
Denned in Vigorous
Language.
Solicitor General Op
poses Captain Car
ter's Motion.
APPEAL DRAWS
BITTER WORDS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUl^D A Y, APRIL 21, 1901.
17
; ; r consumption , cubed.
An-old physician, retired from practice, had
placed in his hands by an East India mission-
ary the formula of a simple vegetable remedy
for the speedy and permanent cure of Consump-
tion. Bronchitis. Catarrh. Asthma and all
Throat and Lur-s- Aft<*.-ticns; also a positive and
radical cure for Nervous- Debility and all Ner-
vous "Complaints. Having, tested its wonderful
curative powers in thousands of cases, and de-
siita? to relieve human suffering. I win send
free of charge trt an who wish It this recipe, la r
German. French or English, with full directions v
f«.r preparing and using. -Sent' by-matr by ad-
dressing, with stamp, naming this paper. W.
A. Noyes, 847 Powers' Block. Rochester. N.-,Y.
"Grape-Nuts" is a duly registered trade-
mark, protecting the most famous food
cf the day from, counterfeiters. -
Thought T.as applied and experiments
conducted for about two years seeking to
perfect a food easy for the intestinal di-
gestion and yet make use of. the carbo^
hydrates, albumen and phosphate of pot-
ash obtained from the grains.
Srccess came, and luckily the scientific
food was found to have a most delicious
and . delicate sweet, that of the grape
6isgar to be seen glistening on the gran-
ules. That suggested the fir&t part of the
now famous name. The last part, "Xuts,"
is purely fanciful, the compound word
Grape-Nuts being a coined word, having
no actual meaning, a necessary feature
to conform to the rules of the Patent
Office en the registration of trademarks.
DERIVATION OF GRAPE-NUTS.
Contains Neither Grapes nor Nuts.
GBAPE-ITTTS.
fffB W-MPflTtyrf TW.
THE EMPOBXCTM.
IHE. Vniw pflBI |1 IW,
THS EMPORITJM.
T H V. EMPOHH7M.
THE EMPORIUM.
fj| ¦- ffjj I . I We will begin to-morrow one of the greatest Book Sales that has ever been attempted in this city. You will find the prices, by compari- j p|»-
UP ntl ;on, to be the lowest ever reached on this coast v 'The "copyright" books are. offered -at the remarkable price quoted below for one day only, andN
wly one copy of each title will be sold to a single purchaser. . All of the other tooksquoted below will be on special sale all of this week. J[ jl|
pRVEtj $l m 5O Copyrights S5g. E^ %
WmsfOt Thirty-five oi the most popular Copyright BooKs, publisher's Library Edition of Stzmdard WorKs, line cloth binding, stamped sides and bacK, i£# M ||£l" £ il!i JkMm
&i% HM mi price $1.50 each. On special sale Monday only C^^» gilt top; publisher's price 75c, our spscial price this we 2k 35c, 3 for *r a "****' 11 >|g§&g£<
MfluRCiifU' *? O>«^H^ Abbe Constantin. Deemster. The Hunchback of Notre On the Heights. Tom Burke of Ours. f#^/W?3\
¦jwvn at. •••• Aesop's Fables. Decrslayer, The Dame. Pondennis. £j! tlma /. * '• V^WrA BF?\ft
f „ . , . , Arundel Motto Donovan Hypatia. ! Pair of Blue Eyes, A Three Ouardsmen. v ISmUW^AJ
1 The Master Christian — Corelli. Tongues of Conscience — Hichens Wounds in the Ra n — Crane. Attic Philosopher Dream - of Life. Initials. The Pathfinder. The Tliree Men in a Boat. i^ &!<<&»'
I In Hostile Red Altshe'er. Flashlights on Nature-Allen. A'_,b«tcr Box-Besant Averi. Duty - In the Golden Day.. "^"d ?»B^t^fo ri . MOT
I Richard Carvel— ChurchiU. Cunmng^Vlurrcll— Morrison. Missionary in the Great West— Bo ndman The Frner"or?s Essays. Kcnilworth. Reveries of a Bachelor. Tom Brown's School Days. \ SrW feflW
! 1 Dream of a Throne— Embree. Paris— Singleton. Bradv.. By Order of the King. Fifteen Decisive Battles Knight Errant. . Robinson Crusoe. Two Tears Before tho . B t I ! \\
! | InthcMidstof Alarms-Barr. Lying Prophet, -Phillpotts. g^£S^H£^: and Oregon Sestone. . P » P^i,. " I.S °' uSt i \i \ tL **
Woman of Yesterday — Mason. Golden Horseshoe — Bonsai. Sons of the Morn ng — Phlllpot.s. Character. v First Violin. Last or the Mohicans. Sehonbers Cotta Family. Vendetta. h « \ . - %
Lane That Had No Turning- Concerning Isabel Carnaby- On^the Wing of Occasion, -. Chevalier «?^^ • " Poems. - |Uat ; Bred* t*. i*ne. | «|
1 Parker. . Fowler. Harris. , Rouge. ¦ -» \ Gil Bias. Man With the Iron Mask. Self Help. / - Westward. Ho! '. V ]
I SdckitMiruster', Wooing- Lion and the Unicc^-Davb Fffi&A&SS' /S^*££g25& "-SSJ ¦ ' S^aTffeW • ' iSSST oS Malt land. S£l£"&« TO ' Th.
Crcckett. - Opera and Lady Grasmtrc— Sen imental Tommy— Bame. Cloister and the Hearth. Green Mountain Boys. The Mlcah Clarke. Sir Gibbte. " Whlttier-s Poems (Early). •
In the Pa'acc of the King — Kinross. The Filbusters — Hyne. Consuelo. Grimm's Household Tales. Moonstone, The Sketch Book, The Wide. Wide World. i ( j
1 I Crawford.. of Rudolstadt. S^oSS S^^^ Iw^Ws After. " '-
J R bert Orange — Hobbs. Reign of Law — Allen. i Tristram Lacy — Malock. Cranford. Heroes and Hero Worship. Old Mam'selle's Secret. Tom Jones. The ;, fC\
\ ATentorGra-ce-Lust. Via Crucis-Crawfcrd. £,en Holden-BacheUer. ££* $ B^/ :'%&%££ E^tre. / - ¦¦ gj^'^gr'" "?***'. ¦ 5&c&SS°££?-- ' ZeQ0^ _____ ||
"lew nand Bible— Divinity circuit, Or. Ghtse's Recipes— An inviiu- — ¦ ; — — ; — - — ; ; j «<(nK A ?
I red under gold edgrs, silk head bands, limn able cohction of over* i coo practical recipes; Am 1 f.C3n Fam 1/ FhyS'GJan, WMtO HOUSO GOOk flooir— This £•/// Hy G *$ Remarks— A col!ection I 1 1 \j\ J^
u Uned, contans 32 pages of fcalf-tone engrav- illustrated, enlarged and revised edition, pub- revised 1901— Gives in detail ths causes, , we ek ...75O of the brightiest and wittitrt and most enrer- firlK f'i
>A*^S -^*&. in?s, g co ored maps, and standard helps to the lisher's free j a. 50: this week. ..' S3o S)mptoms and treatm-nt of all diseajes. Com- _ '' - __ , ., •• r D -n xt > » • i_t- v j * I mi S ¦'«
mS^Tm *iY Of the Bbe minion typr, riJ 5 tf by UtlClO Tint's Cabin-Art Memorial piled by eminent specialists, published at f 4.7^ POCk'S Bait ffoy-Only complete i-lus- tuning of BrU Nye s stone,, pnbhahed at Js.oo; ! JP / *
U^HT^HI 'f<, publi;h-r'. nrke J2.03;r ; swec'c..7ao -nition, pub':sh-d « $1,505 thhwetk. .45*5 this week. .\ .....;... .....$1.75' trated edition; this week... .. .1 ..... .75O thb week 55 G j|0 X g
I v^ffiT^;- Lsist Week oi the Big Clothing Sale. \ D^^^ 8m %
K and Envelopes. To the odd sizes and broken Jots we hava added several new and snappy lines of Spring styles in Men s On Monday onIy wc . ofe^ ro caiea .5
i o.n Monday only, we shau doss out about and B}ys' Clothing A part* of this week's programme is- the Greatest Sale of Boys' Wa^h Sailor Suits «d Drc« Ginghams, light and dark color- *
v 4-boxe,ofchoicesution e ry a tabouthaifre E - e ver offered by the big ¦ store. . We are going to charge just half of their actual value. J£ £ */„? traordlnary spccul uh @C |
I Boys' S2J0' : m.; Boys' Lon 2 Pants Boys' 3-piccc Vest Suit |g| M^s Fine Sack ToySweepbrs. I
regular price 75c; Moniay. 23C £%£& >ilor Suiti, $!.23-For . Suits $4.93— All-wool $3.48-AU-wool Brown ,^V : . Su«S — T h e Tov^tW^ A V \ n , 5
l T^ Gl Blue and Brown Cheviots and Gray: M xed C,s ; i- . '^_ coat, cut with the ". . . %* £^3?
i qualities- ; tneae «guar 5 oc A^f. anteed absolutely fast colors; JjX and fancv mixtures in Chev- meres and Cheviots, .fash- rfmt^\ '.-> p u 1 a r military - «^ «<» called the "Daisy;" just the thing .|
£ 97 boxes ofHurd'sRegim-ntal Gray. some Russian Bouse Suits in ¦/JW>^ Lts and Cas imeres; regular ionablycut, double -brea ted / Wf' \ shculders, perfcety \ZA ., «J y°^S WW^ want to pUy with, J
*C n8 boxes of Hurd'sSitin Wove. fflnS^B M th-s ot; these ni'ts were made \ff \ prxe $7.50; sizes for young Vests; sires for 10 to 15 / K \ taHored, best of lin- VWK ' !!l- T* ,m a "*' ™ ' too 5 on «O_ 9
% 64 boxes of Wniting's French Organdy. /#yW «. to seU for | a . S o. Sa e prxe /Iff J men » toi 9 years Th"s ycarS ng uUr price $5.00., (^ ; [ [ '\ • m ' ad . of hand . T<Si!°t y °?? "^ * ' ' ' "' ' BC 3
\ O-i Monday only, special per box..." _ |»§1|P while the <£ A -TO (* I H -eek. Qjg gg g- O n special sale this week.r \ LL\ lngS ' mid - ° h f nd /j SK- f\ Toy Department, Second F.ocr. J
I Special in Fine fft! saiSuitsS ]\\T B^ R^% m °^ n / v / -,. \ / ™ 5n the A • A 1 €3?#OVe
*>" VlffoitQ Q&tffiforiG. wlW ferent patterns to se'ectfrom, \ \ \ 5uits $4.03— Lngllsh Boys YCSICC iUItS UJJ new stripe and I H IJt t Here is a //ffi~?\ /vWv\ *!
*C ¦ « , , r . ,,r^- ~ t - r „ , K? ft ' including plain white duck \\ \ Serge and Velvet, in red, $2-93— Sizes for 3 to 8 \\ | over-p'aid effects, \/ 9 ' J / Glove " ///I A \ \\\b\ «
% A good grade Fine White Cambn., faUy equal Uj | - linen crash; last colors; \\ \ ' blue, brown, tans, etc., years, handsome all-wool U , also Oxford gray N? ~XZ1 '/ b-r- /////\\ //\VO\ X
» to the well-known Lonsdale make, 36 inches t/ Vi a'so Russi in ¦ ITousc Suits: I \\\ with belts of sue le or patent fabrics, in fancy mixtures } (W : regular J A" / / g*" ////A 4? \ / 7\\\VV ' *
§ wide; a roc F r yard quahty; on spe.ial sale M' \ ' C very suit pe.fectly. cut and ' leather; siz=s 2# to 6 and blues; pretty Silk Jpli 5 suits; on s F e- VVh—^s/" th^ Of/// \ hVsJL / W^\ «
to-morrow (Monday) only; per yard _ • weU made in the latest stvles y«rs; regu'arly 00 Vests; . sold regu'arly at .- tf, cial sah this week. \ \ fflw wiK (/(// W!0 J
* z% " . for boys 3 to 10 years; leg- each. On specia! sa'e this $5.00. On special sale - . £&O notbe "*" >J X
S Satg* UkrIy *3-5<V ach - Spedal <&£% 4$®) W=Ck $*M m $&!m thiS , M& m £&2& ' ¦¦ '¦ ' &****&+* tnpi<*ud for man v a long dav ; on Monday •$
* mSr Zia'^m sale whie this iot lasts... cP#»Oiy .....^ a S'aC2& week^^0«7O only we offir 150 dozen r^uef Glace Two- ?
X . EaOny HSntileO \ : - 1 — ! : ¦ C!a?p Ladies' Gloves, with one row embroid- '•'
! /f a "i CI "? Pie , ce Jl' ¦ Greatest oi Black Siik Sales Monday. &&2SSgg!figg& i
J The ba'ance of a manufacturer s line of Mam- • - • . «^ j ors are brown, tan, modes, grays and white; «**
*C "re pieces-about 600 in the lot^ondsting a very large special purchase of Black Swiss Taffetas, Black Peau de Soies,. Black Gros Grains and the si «* from s y 2 to 7 %; and the ***»-> '?
- fl^90S@6flfl beautiful Black Satin de Lyons will be placed on sale Monday ony at prices which are fully one-third ¦ Mt0Mdu °8»pe.i J iprice L per P «i, S&ZJ jr
5f '¦!¦ ill 'IK' le9S *^ an thev couid possicly be sold for. if we had bought them in ; he regular way. Men's Furnishings. •«
K' I 8 W I I n J^O X $M0 Swiss Ta!f eta, 69c — A rich, soft, lustrous, 27-inch Black Swiss Taffeta, Black GrOS Grains— w * have but a limited qu?ntity of the two ><g===v Colored ShirtT fo" $
&* ' 1 n « A I A|ft((i«kV manufactured expressly tor dress purposes. Here is a great chance to get a s Ik &£ ffb gmt. » s ? icla } numbCTS in th5s si k - =' "^^Mii'llP^ Buriness — They are "j
t? \ I I M i ill "' V skirt or a handsome grenad : ne lining in the quality that retails regularly for 83} £3 &£ #««««• '„/. r • zn » j c c-n • \. -j M'C^J^TTl going to be worn more >5
tf / ( ,\ I fi V |,.,o; if you luv to-morrow ** *^ '$1.00 BlacK GrOS Gram, «9C— A good, firm Silk, 20 inches Wide ; gggh,— jgBgDIfH than^ ever tlfs sum- %
* fflil II ¦' I I i V of b««on hook., $U0 Pcav dc SoiC, 78c— A heav^; rich quality, 2 1 -inch Black- the g radc . th * tret » l * re g uar -y I 1 - 0 © P« y«d. Special Monday on^y S^^Gjr [ ~ ? I . mer— we show a splen- \
a," \£wp I [J y nail ««» corn p eau de Soic that retails regularly for fi.io per yard. On special sale Mon- fi %£*%JP ............. . J^--- -— ||| didi; n= of new pat -J
$ I hJ^^anS?!™?-- ......... v ,....... ; .. $1.25 Black Gros-Gratn SflK, 78c-A superb quality, rich finish, «tf%_ mM ! STecF^tSS ?
g ' pa^'knS; having S g enuine $1-25 PWU de SoiC, 8 7 C-A splendid Swiss make, Black Peau De g%^ 24 -inch Sik, that uil give the most wear. On special sale f^Q t\ mat lith "ound I
tf ebony, stag-ivory, etodrcd, sterling silver Sole Silk, a 3 inches wide 5 wearing quabUes warranted ; th= kmd that r=- CP # €? Monday cn!y, per yard .\ . . . . . . V. . . . , 'ill corners, the shirts are <2
tf mounts and plain han les, wrlL be placed on tails regularly for |i. 25. On special sale Monday only ..:,..... • -^ ¦¦¦- -_ ¦ Ji full cur, and the bos- ?
| a sale Monday only at much less than half of $1.50Peaudc Soic, 98c— An extra hravy quality 2 2 -inch Black /g%^ /tn . $1.75 Satm ac Lyons, JUS — A 2 1 -inch pure dye black Lyons stoffi $£D 1^ I I || oms rest flat against *
af their regu r ar prices; each "SSPf* Peau oe Sjie Si k, a splendid wearing fabric thit retails regularly for $1.50 nVSMSS Silk, a handsome cress Silk of beautiful finish; our regu ar $1.75 qualty. B B B %$ \ 1 iif the *+& A#T» "5
B&**r peryard. On special sale Monday ony ' . .....' . Special Monday only .... *^ I 1 M 1 !|i] cheit - - - *2**'***<* j?
5* ~ — : : — — ; : — ~~ ~~ — ~ "~ ; ~ T~ H El In II I' Men's Combina-
I th= fH'u^^t 8 ' c The Ribbon Sale Furniture and GarpetS/seoials sum _ ffigsg I
tf The genuine Moh.wk brand Pilow Cases, - «»*•»«*«»*»•« . ' ' This fine couch, upholstered with ex- that fits like a glove, elastic, no drawer* to §
propeny made trornregu-ar pillow Qf gftG &®C$&Qi3m ¦^^^^=^r^^ f ag, no s.Vrts to ro'l up : n the back, no -^
£ _ muslin, me 4 ;x 3 6 mcbes; each. .1 * s l, C^U /^ 1l,- aa !,,„- '*?U^ M/^Jmoc-sI „„ MtWhf l^££&^P*^%£^tt>£2) sorted colors ; a well-ma ie, durab'e, comfcrt- ituffy folds of cloth about the hips, comfort 5
S c;pnn.rm *^#/» This Sale is for three days— closes IVednesdav, nipt «"e couch; worth regularly' $xo.oo on sp e. andLedomcf mcton; cotton, $t.25, %
«.* *** Can-Up &aie. To-morrow begins the selling ofa big purchase of more than. 15,000 yards of __.:'" cial sale for three days. ! $1.5O. $2.25' merino, $2.5 J, .5
J'. HOUSe Furnishings. this season's best styles in all-silk fancy Ribbons, which were closed out to ¦ '........ &&»5U $3. wool,. $5.00. J
*f The ba'ance of the -g—\ us by a large manufacturer in New York City at half their regular value, as . "^ ; Bedroom Suite of- three pieces — bed, Dress Gloves for Men— Undressed grar tuede ji
g Enameled Ware jf^SJSjffl the KSu'.t of overproduction. Three days' Selling Of "these fine Ribbons if ' wash tiad ani bureau; bureau'fitted with a French p^te mirror; a good-' n the n^-w tan shades m kinds; Fow-es* *
5 lefc from our greaT vim » I ///// L,^ •• , r •/ . look in?, well-constnr ted suite ; special for three days mplOmOU G.oves, $1.53; Der.ts Glove,, $1.85. '\g
JT annual Home d^r^MJEP . 111 "" , last - j _ T . \ ' „ •„" t,-uu \- , ' Ladies* Desk— In Golden Oak— with a drawer and shelf below in- -^ Men's Neckwear, 5Cc-The very n-west jg
* Furnhhine Sale g^LlT^l Lot '~ Nearl > 4 OO ° y ards of No - 7 fancy corded taffeU all-silk Ribbons, 37 choice colorings, """ " k ookll _o n sni - r ; a i sa i,. f nr three d ara &5.QQ shapes for summer are here, the handsomest S
S? ™i 7- O TTT^isi^iMl icr trimmings, bows and hair ribbons; it is the IOC qual ty ; itf inch.s Wide. Sale ¦ wh-.ch to store away books— on special sale for three days ; «?«7.l?C* P ?
$ T^ZoLZ ME^% price for three days, per yard .' ......:......: 5O Ingram CarpCtS-Novelty design-m good colonngs-^heavy and du- - the popu^ narLw %
»* and odds and ends Viill )\\r l SY Lo f 2— 1 5°° yards of lancy corded brilliant ti k hemstitched taff.ta Ribbons, \% inches rab!e— on fptcial sal: for three days only— per yari «Vb Bctbj four-in-Hand, also Imperials, String •*
«f together with a IJs- wide ; rich colorings; the latest novelt/ ; 10c quality.' On special sale for three days, ¦ g~^ TaptStTy BrVSSelS Carpels— Our best grade — regularly $ I . I O per yard in an Tej and Bows, in the new grena- Rf%*+ •
tf large assbr m-nt prr yard .* {Y. • t3C a tractive assortment of patterns, with borders to match— our special price for three « — » dins effects .'. Jf
Jf of Eoamsled Ware which was slightly dam- L°* &~ +°°° 7 ards fanc y c °rded silk taffeta Ribbons; 3^ inches wide; suptrb days— sew.'d. iaiH and lined— r-er yard .........' i OdC -111 : # *&
£ aged in "tr.-ns:t— perhaps a sight dent or a quality; exquisite coloring for neck bows; regular va.ue 20c per jar j. ¦ Sale gg^ JapanCSC and ChmCSC MattiajJ-— A lot of remnants in lengths from 5 to I 5 Gi*OBet*lf SalB '5
•* scratch, but not erough damage to impair th: _ P nc *_ *»•» yards— quilit"ej worth from 20c to 40c per yard — to b: closed out this we:k — reryard M™C . !«
g u£efu!ness of the article; and also some sea- f~^ni°]IZ^ novef -'Tc iTI 8t " P r * RlbbonKor _ neck ' ddlCatC | Jq ' ' '/ " ' " ' " ¦ ' - ' '. MOtttiay Only., -J
g S^^^^S^Swo^S Special Sale • . J\/ o N.Sfo&miSOO. Flovr, 76c-Our best Emporum brand; *
X o-qum 80c Enameled Rice Boilers S9o '^hes; colos pink, b!ue, maiz-, cream, N;le, royal, he-iotrope and white; regu.ar ;.• Gluh Ran*. <** ¦--»•-¦ JT» a splendid bread and cake maker; <»
g 15c Write Enameled Cups for Wo value 45c a yard. Sa'e puce '. . .............. **""* f* Mi f h *" 2 BOKOS* 25Ga %7 sack guaranteed; at the re- %
i SwitoSaS5^p1*18S t, ThiS Set SI. OO. SpecaiSal* j^^k waterproof N . N . sharnpco> disclaimed, softens the h.ir, price, for Monday " -g J
£ ,oc Wire Coat Frames 7C \ This Croquet Set, 8 balls and mal et, F#«S COmfOrtGrS. canvas goo 1 deanses thr sca'p, cures dandruff. The size onl 7. f P« sack ........ * *f ** '»
J 35c Hirdwojd Screen that will open to sire >\ well painted and varnished," with Fancy Silkoline Coverid Comforters, with p'ain Jr '..¦.. wVWM'W^v' 'j W con amir. g 6 shampoos, which :e.'s rsguarly JlTyKer S iana iOap. J5 B3PS OUO jj
it i8>24inches 25o \ galvanized wickets, packed in nice colored linings, closely tufted- wi h wool, Wk\\u, ' \. ".iiiw'-''\ and catchei, everywicre at 25c a bcx, wi'l le put on spe- B ncd Chlckc.i — The large size 50c tins; «re- %
J? Good strong 2 sc Brooms 16O \ hinged covered box, with full ru'es large size, filled with white cotton; warm, }et KJ l|l' . ) 8 c ?* "^t c?al sa'e Monday K only, (HTO OfiTM ciJ Monday 35o '*
g 25c Softwood Screens that will open to siz; V and regu'a- -, tf _. -,, . lightweight; 8 dozen only, on spe- ng^J? Nfl' 1 ' ' . \f T'VJ ockct 25G bOXOS for Sa&Mjt Rolled Oats— Best Ea:tern...yO lbs 25c 5
J i8x24inche3 19o -\ tlons for. . $MiiU%J cial sale to-morrow. „.'......... %t&O . •'.... " inside, _ . Sardines— The D. & G. bra^; choicr iii- £
X 40c 4-quart Curved Windsor Saucepans... J2i*© o Vr—w Four-baU Croquet Set. .. ; z ' — **. mm'- - ¦ ' w Onti» OnO-haif mOfO than f*h5n£*W3*—g* <?-»/*» P° nei - 2 t IflS 25O 3«
g 50c 4 quart Straight Covered Saucepans.. 36 C \C\\ * ...7... .75© PtlOtOS $ 2 D GZ3H >. Montlay'S SPBO.at pr.O^S. irninaW&rG &atC. Catsup— National Food Co. *s; best money , a™ -^
g 25c 2-quart Open Stew Pans 17c I I \ I Other Croquet Sets of 8 Our photographic' siudio, equipped with the 10 and 11 inch si«. 62C v - Decor ted China at Half bay; the 25c pint bottle i Monday 1Qo «
S15C Chamois Skin Shoe Polishers for tan or y VA^ tal s ani mallet, from finest apparatus that is made, produces a class ot 1 3 to 15 inch size 76 &&£&§& Fries- Oa Monday only a Canadian Che :se— The genuine article; made «f
black shoes IOC fctfW^C^^ . . .$1 5Q to $2O wcrk that has no superior, and, as in all other 16 to 18 inch size 8dC irP^Mj very" lar t e as«ortm-nt of in Toronto; per lb 2^0 •*
J. 2>q^arHce Cream Freezers 5/ 67 Ask t0 see the new awn branches of the Emporium, depjrtment-store : : — /%^^^\ dacora'rd China Choice English Breakfast Tea, per lb . .35g °1
tf 3-quzrt Ice Cream Freezers $1.b8 game, Croquet Golf, prices prevail. ... ,. $1.73 GUFtainS, iSKSlll /^ Saad Bowls, j X
S . _- - -m : • Carton-finish Photos, doz. .... ; €S1 T ¦ — ~/jFf Cake Pates SttflSTiV &S*tf*
g St Hammock?, 73c. ¦ .• . , . . j .. $2.00 to $5.00 ¦ Si'*7 , -¦ ¥%m^mf^ -c£££>j*?i Jl q ? f, 12>
X To open the hammock sea on, and, incidentally, IwlUGn—tn—DefflattQ ¦ Celeron and Bernhaidt Panels, that we have al- Just 150 pain to this lot, which will^be on rale U. "(ffi^ J^S -<aK^7 - Desert Piatts, MlfiOfiltlSlJ/ "ftljf. ra S
Jf while you are buy ng one of these, mmm Mm C*- Km * ways charged J5 a dozen for, cut to OO /Monday only; ecru or whits Lace Curt ins; ' t j^P^\ Ss Berry Pa*e3 \t ' &
g to let you examine the largest and WW S&H §"£ t9f*iGS» Paris Pine's, per <ioz.$6*00 to $9OO 54 inches wide, 3^ yards long, in a heavy, -=0^^ • Saucers, Pin Whiskey — The celebrated** hy *
j," a handsomest assortment of hammocks White Organdks— just unpacked a case of high E I argement sin Crayon— Water coior. ani fine quality; three very chc ice pat erns; regu- Trays, Individ- Tom Taylor Whiskey wfll be £j 5
K //IWv - in San Fra- ciso, , grade fine White Organdies made to our own Pas'.e!, 1 6x20 inches in si»e, from. ........ Jarly and a first-class value at 9mm) «J^SJS«a^» ua j Sugars and ' B ' a ,.j on „> Mon^v m U a t rt\ ¦'.*
* //VVV weofferforMon- ord 5 r in France, and finished in the new ............: $1.25 tO$W.OO • $1.7 S a pair,. £ ac price.. .-. . ; $1.37 Ceamrn, Spoon P , Monday only at /MV g
y /ilVyV d *yon".y this good, chiffon effect.' Thice qualities, each 70 CjUgBUMM MB Egg Kg" BBk /*S C|^^ BjB%^ BS3 SS3 H SSA Si Trayf ' Bonbon Boxes > ctc -» w5 ! be exhib:tel - . "^ %V Q [L^SX X
K i * s^^^ si^ . Linen Batiste Suitings — now the most sought- jj|| - gag ffl| 0PV KJ'^B'f^ A'so about 25 simples of tine Fiench Docorated ' * \ >^St^g^/ **•
J» strong, gauze weave hammock, with bed, for Wash Fa;ric in the Eist. T.-.ey will be B^^^* •«B13»» .. '^^'*8 Y Ell China vases, wi:h gi.t trimmings; the 'gilt in Girt— Thome & Sons; London 'ff^S^l' %
% IZtzXt'^Z^XZ", S^tsirs^^.'^' iP-r.:Oolden < l!t«le.-««MWMup. ¦¦¦..¦* ESSSiMS^^ t^f'^^^^^S-J
J for f&C weaves, etc., per yard S oc,3 5 c..^5c CALIFORNIA'S LARGEST—AMERICA'S GRANDEST STORE price. :{ y y "* 75o %y <=^^ xTOURGENIEFF WRITES
WITH ACRID PESSIMISM
OF THE VALUE OF ART.
, A Chicago woman, described by thei papers "of, that city asa "society leader/' is said to have
abandoned her husband "because he wears woolen socks"; so it would seem the rising tide of cul
ture'in the hog city, has at last got to the feet of the smart ser _/ .
It is announced that Cleveland will spend the coming summer in the mountains instead of
at Buzzards Bay, as has beenhis custom/and now the Bryanites will be wondering whether the
new movement is designed to have any effect on the reorganization of the Democratic • party.
London papers have just discovered that in South Africa 1500 British troops were be
sieged for three months without any, report of the fact getting, into, the news of the : day, -and now
they are" in doubt whether to condemn . Kitchener or praise him for his .ability as a press censor.
Sculptor Simmons, who placed upon the, Logan monument at Washington a tablet misrep
resenting the facts of American history, has now sought to justify his conduct by saying,. "All
monuments and biographies are lies." It .would appear then that Simmons has no other ambition
than that of posing as an artistic liar, and judging from the wholesale slancler., contained in his
"You didn't ' seem very well pleased
when that gentleman prophesied a ¦ happy
match, for you and Harry?" . said the
m "No- r 'and I wasn't I wish to goodness
he hadn't prophesied it," said the daugh
ter, with a sad expression on her face.
"Why, Alice!"
"Well, mamma; you know he a em
ployed in the Weather Bureau, and you
know just how uncertain their predictions
are ;-_Yonkers Statesman. ;
"What nonsense!" exclaimed £tr. Meek
ton as he tossed aside the heart-to-heart
talks page. "What utter nonsense!"
"To what are you referring?" inquired
his wife.
"To the. assertion that a woman need
not expect a man to pay her as much at
tention after they are married as he pa 1 1
her before. I am absolutely sure, Henri
etta, that I mind quicker now than I evtr
did."— Washington Star. ,
GRUESOME stories come from Bangor of poverty in certain rural districts in Maine. In
Lincoln and Hancock counties the soil is poor and loses its small primal fertility in a few
years, impoverishing the people who have lived upon- it. . / '
A dozen towns in that section have disincorporated through sheer inability to pay the
taxes needed to sustain town government. No manufacturing has been introduced to take
the place of decayed agriculture, and a population is practically perishing in its tracks.
The story is pitiful. It tells of old and once independent farmers, whose lands have run
barren,^nd whose sole resource is to mortgage their poor farms for enough to keep them till
they die. One sturdy fanner, old but proud, whose farm had lost its fertility and ceased to yield a
support for him and his faithful wife, went to the Selectmen and exposed his dire situation/He
was willing to work for wages, but there were none to hire him. He proposed, therefore,
if the town would support him and his wife, he would deed to it his farm and all that was upon it.
"That is all that I can do," he cried. "I would rather kill myself and my poor wife than take a
single meal at the town's expense. We shall not live long and will not need much, and the farm
will make the town whole. Take my offer, or we shall be hungry, and worse may happen
in a month." His offer was accepted. The town took his old farm and gave him and his wife
shelter and food. ¦¦:-_¦ ; ' . "
Others have followed his example until the towns find themselves loaded down with use
less farms and taxes increasing.-
It is a pitiful situation. These people are Americans— our countrymen. There is not upon
them the glamour of far-away India, or the romance of distress in Ireland. These old people,
animated by that splendid spirit which refuses to live"on the bread of charity, are up in the cold
and stony part of the prosy State of Maine. '\- ,
A small part of the tens of thousands sent to relieve alien distress could be delicately ap-.
plied to the comfort of these stout-hearted old veterans, and more could well be spent in procur
ing the emigration, from that region, of their descendants. There is fortune in getting a citizenry
of such blood and purpose as they show. Twenty thousand of that kind in California would
double the wealth of the State in ten years. . .
Such a population should not be left to perish, but should be transplanted to better land
and happier conditions.
The American people have Had their sympathies stirred by the story of the Russian Douk
hobors who settled in Canada and are raising a cry of distress.
It seems that these Russians left the empire of the Czar because they are opposed to war
and the Government would not exempt them from. conscription. But it appears, they have other
less pleasant peculiarities than devotion to peace. They oppose private ownership of land, and
have raised an outcry against the Canadian Government because it compels'them to prove up on
homesteads it gives them for nothing. They. also object to furnishing such vital statistics as births
and deaths. They say, "Does not God know who is born and who dies, and when and where?"
therefore why need Canada be curious about it? •
They also abjure marriage, and are communists as to women as well as property.
Now, why should any American prefer such people as that for settlers, and let our own
flesh and blood "cease in Maine for lack of food and shelter?
mlque, "H. M. S. Pinafore" the year fol
lowing. In 1S80 "The Pirates of Penz
ance" was first given, and with the ad
vent and immense success of the, Oscar
Wilde cult parody, "Patience," Mr. Carte
determined to have a theater of his own.
The Savoy Theater, the result of his de
cision, with a seating capacity of 1292, and
the then new electric lighting, was com
pleted In the autumn of 18S1, and opened
with a performance °f "Patience" on Oc
tober 10. The new opera-house was .lav
ishly patronized and the other operas of
the Gilbert and Sullivan connection were
written and produced amid the happiest
auspices. Then, in 1889, the unlucky
breach between the three' friends occurred,
and since that time little of importance
has been done by any of them.
It was not only in this managerial con
nection that Mr. Carte's name was known,
however. He built the fine Shaftesbury
Theater in London and successfully pro
duced a number of other operas with tour
ing companies In London and the prov
inces. He was a composer of some merit,
was highly esteemed for his financial in
tegrity and for his efforts in the service
of art as he saw it. Mr. Carte was 56
years old when he died.
An unusually Interesting programme,
selected from the compositions of Edward
Schutt, will be given under the direction
of Alexander Stewart at the next meet
ing (April 24) of the Wednesday Morning
Club, Oakland. It will include the sonata
for piano and violin, op. 26; three piano
solos (Intermezzo, Reverie and pre
lude) ; one movement of the suite for piano
and violin, op. 44; "Serenata," for violin,
op. 52; three songs, op 57, "Alone," "In
Twilight Hour" and "What I Love la
Mine Forever"; and trios for piano, violin
and cello. Walzer, Maerchen, op. 54.
Mrs. Carroll Nicholson will be the vocal
ist. Miss Helen Hagar the pianist, Alex
ander Stewart will play the violin and
Frank Howard will undertake the duties
of cellist. Miss Esta Marvin will accom
pany- ...
Dr. H. J. Stewart will play the follow
ing numbers at the after-service recital
this afternoon at Trinity Church.
Toccata and fugue in D minor Bach
Fantasia in C Sjorgren
(a) "Folk Song"; (b) "Ranz des Vaches" ; . .
<c) "Danse a la Paysanne" .' Grieg
"March aux Flambeaux" ...Gullmact
From the Unity Church of Santa Bar
bara comes a worthy programme of an
organ recital given by Gerard Barton, or
ganist of the church. The recital took
place on the last Sunday in March and
was heartily enjoyed by the congregation.
The programme, composed entirely of the
works of M. Guilmant, included the fol
io wins numbers:
"Grand Choeur" (in march form), op. 52;
madrigal, "Chant du Itoi Rene" (La Creche);
Pastorale and Adoration, tuge In D, Elevation,
in A flat, and the second sonata, op. 69.
Jean Gerardy, the 'cello virtuoso, so
well remembered here for his splendid
work at the Ysaye concerts three years
ago, passed through San Francisco tliis
week on his way to Australia, where he
will tour for a three months' season.
Early this year a short season in San
Francisco was planned for the artist, but
the arrangement fell through, and. we
shall now have no chance of hearing him
until the spring of next year. We have
missed much in not hearing this brilliant
young musician. According to the East
ern critics, the three years intervening
between this and bis last American tour
(he has just ended a markedly successful
Eastern season) show a tremendous ad
vance in Gerardy's work. Still one of
the youngest musicians on the concert
platform, he is now one of the foremost
artists of his time. I cannot do better
perhaps than quote one of his Eastern
admirers for certificate of the good things
we may expect on his visit here:
"Among the four or five pre-eminently
great violoncellists of the present day
Gerardy unquestionably is one of the first.
When he was here a few years ago, a boy
of 15, I had occasion to commend his
genius. Without takin? Into considera
tion his age, I then pronounced him an
artist of the first rank. What shall I say
of him now? I might bankrupt myself of
adjectives and yet :iot be able to give
him his proper . share of praise. When
he was here before he was a. boy phenom
enon, a rare prodigy. The music critics
vied with one another In bestowing upon
him the most beautiful eulogiums. They
could not repress their ardor and did not
stint their praise. The roseate prophecies
they made touching this ycung Belgian's
future are finding fulfillment now. At
the present moment there does oiot live
a greater artist than this 'wizard of ths
violoncello.' His art has" broadened,
deepened and matured. What a deep
musical feeling, what a warm tempera
ment, what a fabulous technlc Gerardy
has! What refinement, nassion and mag
netism he possesses! He has fulfilled
prophecy— more than made good the ex
travagant expectations of his admirers."
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
mate or illegitimate." From this you wll
see that aunt and nephew cannot legally
marry.
WEBSTER-STREET BRIDGE— A. S..
Berkeley, Cal. It was on the 80th of May,
1S90, that a local train went through Web
ster-street bridge, Oakland, and caused
the death of a number of people.
THREATS TO. COMMIT A CRIME— J.
S., City. A threat to throw vitriol upon
the person of another Is a threat to do a
personal injury. The party uttering such
threat may be arrested and required to
give bonds to keep the peace in any Bum
not to exceed $5000.
HOMESTEAD— P. E. H., Lonoak, . Cal.
If the homestead settler does not wish to
remain five years on his tract the law
permits him to pay for it on making proof
of settlement and cultivation for a period
of not less than fourteen months from the
date of entry to the time of payment.
The second homestead bill became a law
June 5, 1900. . .'".^
A WILL— F. W. M.. City. If a person
"writes a will on a plain. piece of paper
and signs the same without the signature
being attested by the signatures of wit
nesses," It is valid In this State. It is
what is called an olographlc will, and 'Is
admitted to probate upon proof of the
handwriting of the maker. If, however,
there Is one letter or word of print or
handwriting of some one else the will is
of no value. As, for Instance, if the tes
tator should write his will on a letter
head on which is printed at the head
San Francisco, , 190—." such will
would not be admitted to probate.
Choice candies. Townsend's, Palace Hotel.*
CaL glace fruit 50c per lb at Townsend'a %
Ex. strong hoarhound candy. To'wnsend's."
Ice cream chocolates, Boston mints, ala
cuma. .Townsend's, 639 Market street. •
Townsend's California glace fruits, 50c a
pound. In fire-etched boxes or Jap bas
kets. 639 Market. Palace Hotel building. ?
AT the end of things comes the
questioning time. At the end of
the century we ask curiously,
"Is life worth living?" or, as the
latest genius puts it, -"la death
worth dying?" at the season's end we ask
ourselves foolish questions as to the
worth-whileriess of art and the like eter
nal conundrums. We seek lazily and in
vain for answer, for answer there Is none;
but the philosopher is ever at hand with
the "Everlasting No." Listen to the
greatest novelist of the age, Tourgenieff,
2S he sums up the worth of life and art
in "Enough" et the end of his wonderful
series of stories and sketches: •
"Sternly, remorselessly, fate leads each
of us, and only at the first, absorbed in
details of all sorts. In trifles, In ourselves,
we are not aware j of her harsh hand.
While one can be deceived and has no
shame in lying, one can live and there is
no shame in hoping. Truth, not the full
truth, ¦ of that. Indeed, we cannot speak,
but even that little we can reach locks up
our llpa at once, ties our hands, leads us
to the No.' Then one way alone Is left
to a man to keep his feet, not to fall to
pieces, not to sink Into the mire of self
fcrgetfulness • • • of 6elf-contempt
—calmly to turn away from all, to say
'enough!' and folding- impotent arms upon
the empty breast to save the last, soie
honor he can attain to, the dignity of
knowing his own nothingness; that dig
nity at which Pascal hints when calling
a. man a thinking reed he says that if
the whole universe' crushed him, he, that
reed, would be higher than the universe,
because he would know it was crushing
him, and It would know it not. A poor
dignity! A sorry consolation!
"But era there no great conceptions,
no great words of consolation, patriot
ism, right, freedom, humanity, art? Yes,
those words there are, and many men
lhre by them and for them. And yet It
seems to me that If Shakespeare could
be born again he would have no cause
to retract his Hamlet, his Lear. His
searching glance would discover nothing
new in human life— still the same motley
picture — In reality so little complex —
would .enroll before him In Its terrifying
sameness. The same credulity and the
same cruelty, the same lust of blood, of
gold, of filth, the same vulgar pleasures,
the same senseless sufferings In the
nam«. ... Why, In the name of the
very came shams that Aristophanes
jeered at 2000 years ago, the same coarse
snares In which the many-headed
beast, the multitude, is caught so easily;
the same workings of power, the same
innateness of falsehood— in a word, the
same busy squirrels turning in the same
unchanged wheel.
"But art? . . . beauty? . . , Yes,
these are words of power; they are more
powerful, maybe, than those I have spok
en before. Venus of Milo Is, may be,
more real than Roman law or the prin
ciples of 1789. . . . Art at a given mo
ment Is more powerful, maybe, than na
ture; for In nature Is no symphony of
Beethoven, no picture of Ruysdael, no
poem of Goethe, and only dull-witted pe
dants can yet maintain that art is the
'imitation of nature." But at the end of
all, nature Is Inexorable: she has no need
to hurry, and .sooner or later takes her
own. . . . All that exists in her lap
rises only at the cost of something else,
and must in Its turn yield to something
else. • • • And so, serenely, she hides
In mold the godlike shape of Phidias'
Zeus, and gives the vile worm for food
the priceless verse of Sophokles. . . .
A caliph of an hour. In this our pre
eminence and our curse; each of those
'creators' himself, even he and no other,
even this *V Is, as it were, constructed on
certain alms, on lines laid down before
hand; each more or less dimly Is aware
of his significance; is aware that he is
Innately something noble, eternal — and
lives and must live In the moment and for
the moment. Sit In the mud, my friend,
and aspire to the skies!"
So much for Tourgenieff, and now to
our technique again. C, D, E, F, G, F, E,
D— not to-day?
• • •
Richard D'Oyly Carte, manager of the
Savoy Theater, London, and life-long as
sociate of W. S. Gilbert and Sir Arthur
Sullivan in their operatic achievements,
died of heart disease at his home in Lon
don on April 3. Mr. Carte had been an
invalid for some time, and it Is understood
that grief for the loss of his friend. Sir
Arthur Sullivan, hastened his end. For
a quarter of a century D'Oyly Carte, Gil
bert and Sullivan were associated together
In the popularizing and producing oper
ettas on the English stage. The first ef
fort of composer and librettist under Mr.
Carte's direction was "Tried by Jury,'.'
produced In London in 1S75, and from that
time on until the Quarrel between Sulli
van and Gilbert the famous trio worked
together with almost unprecedented suc
cess In their chosen line. "The Sorceress"
•was produced in 1S77 at the Opera Co-
NAVAL ACADE3IY-W. C. T., City.
To become an applicant for a naval cadet
ship at Annapolis file an application with
the" Congressman of the district In which
you Uve.
DIFFERENCE IN TIME— Richard,
City. The difference In time between San
Francisco, and Sydney, Australia, Is
twelve hours and a half, Australian time
being earlier.
NO TRANSPORTATION— W. T.. Cebu.
P. L A man who is dishonorably dis
charged from the army of the United
States is not allowed transportation to the
point of enlistment.
COLOR OF HAIR— A. S. K.. City. The
fact that a man has red hair does not
bar him from becoming a minister of the
gospel of the denomination you name.
There Is one in this city of that denom
ination whose hair is fiery red.
SOFTENING .COW HORNS-M. O.,
Dunsmuir, Cal. Cow horns are softened
by sawing Into plates or sheets and
then exposing to a powerful pressure,be
tween hot iron plates. Before pressing
the pith has to be removed and the tex
ture softened by soaking in water for
some days and then boiling in water. -
FERRY TO DEVISADERO STREET—
J. A, K., City. The distance from the
ferry at the foot of Market street, along
Market street, on tb~ north side, to Gold
en Gate avenue, and out the avenue to
Devisadero street, i?, in round numbers,
14,400 feet, or 120 feet less than two and
three-quarter miles.
POLL TAX— J. W. C. City. Poll tax is
collectible only from those between the
ages of 21 and C9 In California. The fact
that a man is an alien does not exempt
him from the tax. Under the law an em
ployer is, upon notice from the Tax Col
lector, required to bold out the amount of
tax from employes' wages.
. AUNT AND NEPHEW-E. C. H., Palo
Alto. Cal. The law of California says that
"marriasres between parents and children,
ancestors and descendants of every de
gree, and between brothers and sisters of
the half as weil as the whole blood, and
between uncles and nieces and aunts and
nephews are incestuous from the begin
ning, whether the relationship is legiti-
Special information „ supplied dally to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen' o>. 610 Mont
gomery, street. Telephone Main 1042. . •
PERSONAL MENTION.
Varney Gaskill is at the Occidental.
George W. Cole of Los Angeles is at the
Palace.
Ira G. Hoitt of Menlo Park Is at the Oc
cidental.
C. P. Bailey of Sacramento Is at the
California.
Dr. T. G. Hennessy of Napa Is a guest
at the Grand.
J. J. Thomas, a Salt Lake mining man.
is at the Lick.
W. A. Best, a merchant of Los Angeles,
is at the Palace.
r. G. Morrissey of Bakersfleld Is a guest
at the California.
Assemblyman F. E. Dtmlap of Stockton
is registered at the Lick. ?;.. >¦-;';
Joseph Goldman, a Merced merchant. Is
a guest at the Grand.
G. W. Zartman, a merchant of Tulare,
is registered at the Grand.
Captain Jesse M. Baker of the transport
Grant is at the California.
Dr. W. J. Nelson, a mining man of Mo
jave, is a guest at the Grand.
School Commissioner Thomas J. Kirk of
Sacramento is a guest at the PaJace.
The dramatic school has come to stay,
the Old Actor to the contrary notwith
standing. This simply means that we are
beginning to utili2e European experience
of the value of these schools as we might
have done fifty years ago, had any one
then been intelligent enough or interested
enough in the drama to perceive IL Mr.
F. H. Sargent sends me from New York
the record of public performances by his
In this same speech Mr. Mansfield said
another thins: so prood and so true that It
deserves the widest possible circulation.
"You cannot succeed on the stage," he
told the students, "without work. You
cannot spend the days in bed and the
nights carousing. More women succeed
on the stage because they are more in
earnest, harder workers, more courageous
and more temperate than the average
man. Nothing hinders a woman on the
stage but plain looks and matrimony."
IN a recent address to the students of
the American Academy of Dramatic
Arts, Mr. Mansfield spoke some
- healthy words upon a subject that
much needs, ventilation, to- wit: The
culpable neglect of many theatrical man
agers' to provide proper accommodations
for those who work on the other side of
the curtain. In the front of the house
everything is lovely, but behind ! Let
Mr. Mansfield testify in his own words;
he is surely an expert witness: "From a
merely material point of view," he said,
"the National Theater might tend to im
prove the condition of the traveling
actor. Perhaps some of the managers or
janitors of theaters might be persuaded
to visit New York, and after examining
the National Theater, with its clean and
comfortable dressing rooms— its green
room and all its other and proper con
veniences and sanitation— they might be
shamed into making some beneficial al
teration in the dangerous, disgusting and
odoriferous pig pens that are now con
sidered by them to be good enough for
the use of actors.
"There seems to be some good angel
protecting the actor, for \ often wonder
how frail and delicate women live year
after year to undergo the hardships of
the stage, the draughts, the dirt, the foul
odors, the lack of every health conven
ience, the dreadful water."
That is pretty strong, -but none too
strong, and it is well to say it. The
abuse which Mr. Mansfield excoriates la
one that is particularly hard to remedy,
for those who know most about it and
who suffer most from it are precisely
those who would find it most dangerous
to drag it to light. I have never heard of
but one successful actors' revolt against
managerial unsanitation; that was some
years ago, when the New York Lyceum
Theater Company was booked to play one
night in the old Oakland Theater. On
arriving at their dressing rooms the la
dies and gentlemen of the company found
them in such a horrible dirty and ill
provided condition that they unanimously
refused to use them. Within an hour the
management had scrubbed, disinfected
and carpeted the rooms, provided them
with washstands, soap, water and towels
—in short, transformed them from what
Mr. Mansfield properly terms "pig pens"
into apartments fit for human beings.
The leader in this sanitary reform was
Henry Miller and every actor- who, after
that famous feast of purification, played
in the Oakland Theater had good cause
to rise and call him blessed.
In justice be it said that in most of the
theaters built within the last ten years
better, though often insufficient, attention
is paid to. the comfort of the players. In
too many of the older theaters dirt and
lack of ventilation are still crying evils.
POVERTY IN MAINEf
It is a narrow view of the question to say that this country has made money out of the wars
of others. That is true only as a temporary condition, for it is an ineradicable condition that
gain out of another's loss is not profit, for the loss is finally distributed and pinches both the com
mercial demand and supply. • • ... . , : : -- •> . •
It is no comfort to rejoin to all this that all the leading nations have sins upon them in
their conduct toward the weak and defenseless. It is a hopeful sign that at last remorse is ap
parent anywhere among the strong. Public opinion in this country and Great Britain should nearly
control the policy of the world. It* can surely, do so in the making of war . and in .the
propagation of the spirit of injustice arid destruction. Then why should it not also lead the
world in a policy of justice and peace? We! think it the duty of the press to present the
economic and moral considerations in favor of peace and the' exorcism of the war spirit that has
run rampant through the world for nearly three years.
Professor Goldwin Smith has taken the most careful means to secure reliable information
of the conduct of part of the Christian allies, and writes the result to the Manchester Guardian.
He traces the spirit of savagery to the influence of the declarations of the Kaiser, and deprecates
such use of imperial power as enables "an. autocrat from his luxurious paiace to launch massacre,
arson, theft, outrage, ruin and famine upon an unoffending people on the other side of the globe."
were killed by. thousands. Unspeakable crimes and outrages were committed. Killing was car
ried on for killing's sake and property destroyed for the love of destruction."
It is highly creditable to the British conscience, however/that the English people are show
ing signs of revolt caused by the moral aspects of the Chinese situation. The Times has recently
published a letter by Auberon-Herbert giving a- specific account of the barbarities inflicted upon
the Chinese by the Christian allies. Mr. Herbert says: "Wholesale deviltry was in full power dur
ing the march to Peking. For no useful purpose, villages and towns were reduced to heaps'of smold
ering ashes and the country turned into a wilderness. Unoffending men, women, children and babies
From economic considerations she needs peace and construction instead of war and de
struction. From a moral standpoint the need is still greater. Public opinion in this country and
England is at one in regard to. the situation in China. The trade, of that vast empire is suspended
to our great loss. To compel China to tax her people for the payment of the monstrous indem
nities demanded means their progressive impoverishment and the decline of their consum
ing power to the. loss of all the nations that trade with her. It is capable of economic demon
stration that every dollar of an unjust indemnity forced from China will be paid by the people of
the Christian nations in the form of lost profits on commerce. The trade of the world is so unified
that famine and poverty in one of the great nations is surely reflected upon all the other nations.
PAUL* KRUGER was not far out of the way when he said the South African republics
could only be conquered at a cost that would appall the world.
That war has already cost twice the burden imposed by the Crimean struggle, and
the results threaten to seriously impair /England's commercial position. The people are already
restless under the imposition of additional taxes, and the whole economic- system, so • carefully
built up by Cobden and Peel, is tumbling to ruin, and the country has before it the dismal pros
pect of the gravest changes in its whole industrial structure. At the first blush it seems that Eng
land's misfortunes will be for the benefit of American trade. But this is questionable. England
has been.our best customer, and the convulsion that impends there will abridge her purchasing
power, to our loss, and we will have to look for recoupment in our share of the world's trade
which she may lose. In that field, /however, we have to meet German/French and finally Rus
sian competition. So in the last analysis our own material fortunes are greatly impinged upon
the condition of our customer, and it is not to our interest that her consuming: power shall, be
decreased by the evils of war. .
Gothamite— I suppose you may think w«
New Yorkers are rather severe on your
Boston girls when we speak of their cold*
blood ednesa.
Hubblte— Not at all. So many of yoxtv
fellows have been frozen out by them,
you know.— Boston Transcript
Artist— Darling, no one could accuse ms
of working for a living. I've never sold a
picture In my life.— Boston Journal.
Heiress — But you set, you paint pictures
to sell. It would never do for me to marry,
a man who works for his living.
"So our cashier has skipped, has her*
said one of the bank trustees.
"Yes, gone," replied the president.
"Did he take everything?"
"No; he left an umbrella and an ol<3
pair of overshoes."— Tonkers Statesman.
Suitor— Oh, hot at all; not at all, my
dear sir. I can move right In. — Detroit
Free Press, i
Suitor— Sir, I have come to ask your
daughter In marriage.
Father (tearfully) — "Would you tak» my
only child away from me?
CHANCE TO SMILE.
No, the rescuers of the enthralled muses
will never arise within the walls of ths
theatrical prison; they will come, if ever
they come, from without. Mr. Carnegie'9
attention having been called to the
deplorable condition of the poor la
dies, it is to be hoped he will
advance to their rescue, his heart
protected by syndicate-proof cuirass
and armed as to his strong right hand
with . battle ax welded from a million
golden dollars. May angels and ministers
of grace defend him and may all good Im
pulses speed him on his way, that ho
arrive not too late!
The Dramatic School is a step In tba
right direction, but it seems improbable
that more -progress can be made unlesa
our educated rich elates, who have here
tofore regarded the theater as a joke, can
be induced to take a serious interest in
what should be an art, but which they;
have allowed to degenerate into a trade.
The traders who have seized upon th«
bodies of poor Thalia and Melpomene,
who feed them upon chopped straw and
wind, who trick them aut in the garments
of lubricity and adorn their hair with tha
dank fungus of sensucsity, these cold
blooded mercantilists d.re perfectly satis
fled with the condition of their captive
muses and rejoice greatly" at having dis
covered how to transform into a raree
show, into a paying trade, an art of
whose principles and functions they know
nothing and care less. To blamo them
would be as useless as to b:ame the law of
gravitation for exercising its unceasing*
pull or to feel surprised that good Kins
Solomon should have practiced polygamy
before the idea of monogamy was bom
into the world.
The career of Edmond Got, who died
only the other day in Paris, shows how
thoroughly the French understand the
value of good teaching and how careful
they are to secure it for their young peo
ple. Got was undoubtedly the greatest
French comedian of the nineteenth cen
tury; he had played every important
comic role in the French classic comedy
and was the original Interpreter of many
of the conceptions of Augler. In his later
years his immense fund of experience was
put at the service of the next generation;
as a teacher in the Conservatoire his in
fluence has been potent in shaping the de
velopment of those who are now the lead
ers of the French stage, both Coquelin
and Mounet-Sully, if I remember cor
rectly, being his pupils. • • • Apply
this to American life: What young actor
would not jump out of his skin for a
chance to study for two years with Mr.
Joseph Jefferson? But under our system,
or, rather, no system, this is impractica
ble. There is no school or even univer
sity in the United States to-day that la
able (or if- able, is willing) to offer Mr.
Jefferson sufficient inducement to maka
it worth his while to give the- next gen
eration of actors 'the inestimable benefit
of his knowledge of the art of acting.
Eraduatins clas3, from which we learn
that these young people have appeared,
many of them ol course In leading parts,
sixty-one times, forty-two different plays,
in one season. So varied and so valuabla
an experience, ur.der intelligent direction,
it would certainly have been impossible
for them to obtain in any theater in the
United States. The class of plays, also.
Is superior to that presented in any stock
company theater, few of which can af
ford to do anything but ring the changes
on the old farces and melodramas. Ger
man. French, Spanish. Danish and Norwe
gian plays are presented in the dramatia
school, and many of these plays, such as
Molieres' "The Jealousy of Barbouille"
and Beaumont and Fletcher's "Knight of
the Burning Pestle." have an educative
value as literature.
THE NEED OF PEACE.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAT^, STTNDAY, APRIL 21, 1901.
THE S/\N FRA^
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor. % \ Address Communications to W.S.\LEAKE, Manager
SUNDAY ....'....'.';.....;••..".!...... '.: : ..: .................... -.. .....APRIL: 21. 1001
Publication Office ;. Market and Third, S. F.
By L. DU PONT SYLE.
SANITATION OF THE
Theater, Moral, Physical
0ND INTELLECTUAL.
BY BLANCHE PARTINOTON.
• •
18
"71" for Grip is only one of the thirty-
six varieties, and is no better than Dr.
Humphreys' Specific—
For Dyspepsia, Indigestion and Weak
Stomach. '
For the Kidneys and Bladder.
For Women and Children,
For Malaria and Chills.
For IHarrhea and Dysentery,
For Neuralgia Headaches. '
For Rheumatism- and Lumbago, and for
many other diseases. 25 cents, at all Drug
Stores. •
: A pocket epitome of ; Domestic Practice
mailed for the asking:. A postcard will do.
Humphreys' Homeopathic Me<Uclne Co., Cor.
William and John Sts.; New -York. ' • ..
BREAKS UP
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ADV33BTISEMENTS.
B. KATSCBINSKI, 1
PHILADELPHIA SHOE GO. 1
10 THIRD ST., San Francisco. I
Tan Shoes §145
And Good Ones. 1
Now is the time to buy TaSi Shoes. I
Summer Is rapidly approaching and P
the ladies desire sonmhinjr that 6
will not show the dust or dirt aud |
yet will be llsr.t end easy on the |
feet. Here is . a . special offer— |
Ladles* Tan Kid Lace Shoes, new I
coin toes and tips and pliable soles. 11
reduced from $2 00 to S 1.4 5: sizes if
2% to 8; widths B to E. M
A Just out. 80-pace Illustrated Cat- |H
alogue. Send -or one. ft
PHILADELPHIA SHOE CO. I
10 THIRD ST.. San Francisco. |Are You a Buffalo P
; • You cannot go to the Pan-American Exposi
tion at Buffalo •' for "eleven cents," , but the
comfortable trains of ( the Nickel ' Plate Road,
"Th<s Buffalo Short Line," which leave Chi
cago ¦ at convenient :• hours ' for ¦ all Coast con
nections,' -• carrying unexcelled ; Nickel - Plate
Dining Cars, . In which American Club meals
are served at prices varying from 35 cents to
$1.00, will Batlsfy tho most fastidious. Book
free showing Pan-American " Exposition Views.
JAY W. ADAMS, P.' C. • P. A., 37 Crocker
building, .San" Francisco, CaL- . , • . _:
Chops Up His Namesake.
NEVADA CITY, "April 20.-J. Kneebone,
a resident of Marysville, had an accident
yesterday that may be a suggestion of the
fates. He was chopping wood a few miles
from here, when he" struck ' himself : a
heavy blow on the knee and the edge of
the ax penetrated the bone at that joint.
He was brought to this • city for treat
ment, and it Is found that the wound Is
badly Inflamed. The fact of the similarity
of the man's name to the location of the
•wound makes the accident a peculiar one.
MISS COBB REFUSED TO
- GO RIDING WITH HIM
Her Declination Resulted in John H.
. Gorham's Crime and
Suicide.
MILTON, April 20.— Later developments
regarding yesterday's tragedy at Copper
opolis show that the murder of George
McCarty was the result of a threat made
by John H. Gorham a couple of days ago.
It seems that Gorham at that time re
quested Miss Alma Cobb to go riding with
him next Sunday, and, on her declining,
told her he would kill any man who went
with her. She thought nothing of the
threat at the time, attributing- it to tem
porary anger caused by her. refusal. Gor
ham then laid his plans for the murder of
McCarty and his own suicide,, which were
carried out with such tragic results.
TRYING TO END HIS
LIFE BY STARVATION"
Condemned Murderer of Dorothy Me-
Kee Refuses to Partake of
Food. ,
LOS ANGELES, April 20.— E. V. Meth-
ever, convicted of the murder of Dorothy
McKee, having appealed to the Supreme
Court and been denied a new trial, and
having exhausted every legal resource
save executive clemency, is now endeav
oring to cheat the gallows by starving
himself to death. For three days he has
eaten nothing. Medicine has to be forced
down his throat and he is already begin
ning to show the results of his abstinence.
He has appealed to the Governor, but so
far has received no reply to his appeal
and evidently has abandoned hope.
The crime of which Methever stands
convicted was committed in a fit of jeal
ousy at Long Beach.- Methever is an eld
erly man and married.- His victim was a
young girl. Methever. had endeavored to
force attentions upon her, which she de
clined, and he shot her to death.
Cheaper Than Staying at Home.
Twenty dollars, including berth and
meals, for a five days' trip on the elegant
steamship Corona, sailing every Friday
for San Pedro and Los Angeles, calling at
Santa Cruz, Monterey, Port Harford, Gav
iota Santa Barbara Ventura and other
interesting points, allowing time for pas
sengers to go ashore, arriving San
Francisco Wednesday morning. Pacific
Coast Steamship Company, office 4 New
Montgomery street, under Palace Hotel.
HARPOONS LETTERS
* THROUGH A MAIL SLOT
Thief Detected While Attempting to
Bob. the Grass Valley Post
offlcs.
GRASS VALLEY, April 20.— An attempt
to steal letters in the Grass Valley Post
office was nipped in the bud at an early
hbur; this morning. Robert Spaulding,
night clerk at the Holbrooke Hotel, went
across the street to mall some letters,
and when entering the Church-street door
he heard the clattering of retreating foot
steps and the sound of the swinging of
the door on the Main-street side. Spauld
ing ran for an officer and in a few seconds
Watchmen Peterson and Frank were
there.
The only evidence of a robbery, was a
-piece of a lath lying in the letter basket
so that It could be seen through the pa
per slot. The lath had a slit in the end,
and the robber had been trying to har
poon letters with it.
Spaulding, who made the discovery, has
detected three sets of criminals in Grass
Valley within as many weeks. "When Ab
sconder "Dan" Sullivan came here after
looting the San Francisco city treasury
he was immediately recognized by Spauld
ing. The latter was sure from Sullivan's
actions that there was something wrong,
but supposed that he was in hiding to
keep from testifying in the Glaze case.
When The Call arrived the following day,
telling the story of-' Sullivan's defalca
tions, Spaulding immediately reported the
matter, but Sullivan was gone.
In a few days Spaulding saw two sus
picious looking men go up the stairway
of the Cloke building and Boon had officers
on the ground. The officers searched the
building, but found no trace of burglars.
The next day it was discovered that they
had forced a door of an office and escaped
through a back window, all in the space
of two or three minutes.
FORTUNES PAID
FOR OIL LANDS
Two Large Deals Carried
Through, Involving
Thousands.
Proven Aores Bring Owners
Golden Returns in
. the South.
Twenty acres of land in the Kern River
district have been sold for $70,000, or at
tho rate of $3500 per acre. The seller is
the Doheny Oil Company and the buyer
P. V. Schermerhorn of Los Angeles. . The
land is the east half of the south
west quarter of section 29, 28, 23. The
purpose of the sale was to provide funds
for the payment of the debts of the com
pany and the. expenses of drilling. The
land Is described as all proven territory.
In addition to this another big' deal is
reported in oil lands from Los Angeles.
An Eastern syndicate has paid $100,000 for
a tract of the southwest extension of the
local Los Angeles field, which includes 140
acres. In one part of the tract, which
has been sold by the Rommel Company,
are forty-seven acres and on it are three
producing wells, the output of which Is
estimated to be about 100 barrels per day.
On the other portion of the tract, which
was sold by the Rodeo j Company, and
which amounts to ninety-two acres, there
is one drilling well which is in a line witli
the wells that are producing on the Rom
mel tract. The purchasers will organize
a company in Boston to develop oil on a
much larger scale than that of the two
companies ¦ that have made these sales.
The Eastern syndicate has also secured
by lease a tract of 20,000 acres at Gaviota,
thirty miles east from Santa Barbara.
The last named tract has a water front
age of twenty miles on the coast line.
Providing for Options.
The general plan of the Los Angeles
Stock Exchange, that has been under dis
cussion relative to margin trading, . is
about as follows: It is proposed to trans
act business on three accounts, namely,
seller regular, first account, which is de
liverable only during the month following
that in which the trade is made, and sec
ond account, which is deliverable only
during the second month following that
in which the trade is made. The settling
price for each day is the price of the last
transaction in the various stocks. In case
of no transaction the caller will have the
power to name the price and all traders
will daily pay or collect at the settling
price. The commission is fixed at one
fourth cent a share on originals-contracts
for round trade on account trading.
George Easton rates the production of
the Los Angeles field at about the same
as a year ago. The work in the new ter
ritory has made up the loss in the older
parts of the field. Ha estimates that the
daily product of Los Angeles is about 3500
barrels, which would amount to 540,000 bar
rels in the next six months. There is also
to be counted in something like 60,000 bar
rels in storage in the total, so that there
will be 600,000 barrels, or 100,000 barrels per
month to be disposed of in the ensuing
half year. There are contracts out for
70,000 -barrels per month and that leaves
30,000 barrels per month to be disposed of.
The oil men of Los Angeles are endeavor
ing to ascertain how they can dispose
advantageously of the 30,000 barrels per
month surplus. . . ' . '
The Southern Pacific Company' has
leased to A. M. Brenenfleld, James De
paull and John A. Bunting on a royalty
of one-fourth of the product half of a sec
tion in the.Kern River district. Two wells
must be completed the first year and two
wells each year thereafter. \
Tehachapi started its oil drilling with a
barbecue, and the people must have had
a good time. They had a special train
and 500 persons were present. They were
taken in carriages to see the drill start.
A party of newspaper men recently vis
ited the Gibson oil spring in Colusa Coun
ty They report the estimated present
flow of oil from the spring is about twen
ty-five gallons per hour. Gibson has
bonded his. property and a company has
been formed with . a capital stock of
A company will be organized by F. M.
Reynolds and others to drill for oil in
Inyo County. ¦
An organization is proposed among the
oil operators along the coast range for
irutual protection against . land-jumpers.
This is the outgrowth of the several con
troversies, one\ of which is between the
Mount Diablo and Superior Sunset com
panies in the Midway district. I
Lost Thirty Thousand.
A Santa Barbara correspondent writes
to the Los Angeles Times that the West
ern Coast Company, which failed after
three wells had been drilled in the Cas
itas Pass country to find oil in . paying
quantities, has expended $30,000 in experi
ments. Ex-Governor Markham and
George H. Coffin were concerned in the
enterprise. No stock was sold, but the
promoters each put in $1000. The first two
wells went down 1635 and 1020 feet re
spectively, with no oil. The third well
went down 1000 feet, with a slight'Show
ing of oil at 300 feet. The oil did not come
in Quantities that would have paid for
pumping. • ¦ •
G. "WV Shepard has reported that he has
discovered oil on the "Warrick ranch, nine
miles north from Fresno and about four
miles from Lanes bridge. y
MANILA, April 20.— Aguinaldo haa been
removed from the Malacanan palace to
a private residence, 66 Bolano street. The
guard placed over him has been modified.'
General MacArthur informed a corre-
Bpondent that the effect of Aguinaldo's
address to the Filipinos would undoubted
ly be beneficial. Aguinaldo composed his
address without assistance. The original
draft was in Tagalog. It was afterwards
translated Into Spanish. It Is believed
Aguinaldo Is sincerely desirous of peace.
He is not anxious to ' visit the United
States, and it is considered best that he
should remain here pending the comple
tion of the work of pacification.
The insurgent prisoners at Olongapo will
be returned to Manila. ' Many prisoners
are released daily in exchange for guns
surrendered. General Trias, who sur
rendered March 15 at San Francisco de
Malabon, is accomplishing much in secur
ing the surrender of outstanding insur-
Lucban In Samar Malvar in Batangas
and Minlo In Abra Province are still head
ing bands large enough to be troublesome,
but it Is almost certain that these three
leaders will surrender within a month.
The serious charges against General
Cailles have placed him in a different
category, but the fairest investigation
will be offered Cailles in case he sur
renders.
It Is understood ti.at a civil govern
ment will be established soon. The pre
cise date has not been fixed on account of
the administrative difficulties confronting
the commission. It will probably be de
layed until July 1, otherwise the military
are ready.
The trial of the members of the Mando-
Ducat secret society, who are charged
with burying alive Filipinos who were
opposed to the insurrection and the trial
of insurgent agents, has elicited the fact
that in one locality all the local officers,
the parish priest and the president were
the chief offenders. A reign of terror was
secretly inaugurated, and persons refus
ing to contribute to the Insurgent cause
wen buried alive by the direction of the
president. All the details of the conspir
acy has been unearthed, there is abund
ant evidence and it Is probable that all
the ringleaders will be hanged.
Rustan, Fabella, Cosmo and "Webb, who
are implicated In trading operations with
the insurgents, were released to-day on
$10,000 bail. '
Former Insurgent Will
Not Visit This
Country.
Authorities Expect Benefit
From His Address to
.&< Natives.
NO OUTING YET
FOR AGUINALDO
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, APRIL 21, 1901.
19
I am making MONEY. Are you?
Help us develop our properties and
YOU WILL. Our properties are the
Monarch, Lion, Vesuvius, Tieer. Wash-
ington, Sunset Center, California Con-
solidated and others. Are they
GOOD? Well, I guess.
JAS. R. T. MERSHON,
Dealer in 'Legitimate Stocks Only,
S37. 538. S39.H5O PARROTT BDR.,«.P.
Directory
—¦Oils) —
Reputable
H OIL |§
Companies:
California Fortune Oil Co-
SO acres Sunset, SO acres McKlttrlck, 220 acres
tn Coallnga. Now drilling In Sunset. Limited
amount of stock at 60c. Information and pros-
pectus furnished on application to E. DEN-
ICKE. Secretary, room 614 Parrott bid?. 8. F.
Famoso Oil & Investment Co
LANDS IN KERN RIVER DISTRICT— Well
No. 1, pumping- over 600 barrels dally, rated
the "Klnir" well of the district. No. 2 will
be finished by the 10th of April— 10,000 shares
left at 50 cents. Order by mall. 75 cents
after April 10. , 393 Parrott building. B. F.
Investors' Assured Stock
In a company ownlnj? producing well. . •
20c Per Share.
'¦¦ ¦'{'*' Write or call for information.
OCCIDENTAL OIL CO.. 471 Parrott Building-.
NAPA AND BEKR7ES3A VALLEI Oil.
COMPANY— Controls 1000 acres of U. 8. patent*
ed land In Napa County where tiw finest lubrl-
Ktlng oil In California Is found; stock at JO
nts; prospectus furnished. 670 and 571 Parrott
hulldlne. San Francisco. . ' . ¦
SAUNAS OIL AKD DEVELCPMENT CO.
\'18S0 ACRES IN MONTEREY. COUNTT.
-Well down 300 feet; small amount of treasury
etock at 15c per chare. Prospectus and map
and Information on application. J. B. OLSEM,
Secretary. S7-I Parrott building. San. Francisco.
SILVER STAR OIL CO.
Lands ' tn heart of McKlttrlck District, ad-
joining large producing wells. Small block jof
etock for sale. Prospectus and Information tar-
nished at room 608 Safe Deposit Building. 333
Montgomery st. ' ¦•• .',
THE WELLINGTON
OF SUNEETrPROVEN OIL LAND.
Controls 410 acres. . Are drilling. Some stock
Is teing sold at 60c per share. Information aad
prospectus . furnished on application. No. I.
ppcond Floor. Mills 'RuUdlnsr, Ran Francisco -
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DAMLANa! BITTERS, "THE
great Mexican remedy; -gives health and
strength to sexual organs. Depot.' 323 Market.
Golofnin Bay,
Nome City and
Teller
Steamship Ruth
(W. S. HIGrGINS. Master.)
Leaves San Francisco on or
about May 20th, via Seattle,
Leaving that Port May 26th-
For passage or freight rates call or address
H. R. DUFFIN. Ajent,
63S Market Street, opp. Palace Hotel,
BAN FRANCISCO.
O. R. & N. CO.
Only Steamship Line to
PORTLAND, Or.,
And Short Rail Line from Portland to all
points East. Through tickets to all
points, all rail or steamship and rail, at
LOWEST RATES!
Steamer Tickets Include Berth and Meals.
.SS. COLUMBIA Sails Apr. 13. 23. May S
SS. GEO. W. ELDER. Sails Apr. 8, 18, 28, May g
D. W. HITCHCOCK, General Asent.
1 Montgomery st., S. F.
Appanli* <t C Pa "*"*"• 8 * M0 *« ""
0ceanics.s.co. sstsjs
SS. AUSTRALIA, for Tahiti
Thursday. April 25, at 3 p. m.
SS. 11ARIPOSA (Honolulu only)
Saturday, April 27, I p. nu
SS. 8IERHA, for Honolulu, Samoa, New
Zealand and Australia
Thursday, May », 10 a. ra.
J. I.SPRECKLI ft BEOS. CO., Gneral Aowtj. 327 Market St
Bea'i Paatnger Bfte, 643 Karkrt St.. Pitr to. 7, Pacific St
COMPAGNIE GENERALS TRANS ATL ANTIQUE
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS.
Sailing every Thursday, Instead of 4^1vT^
Saturday, at 10 a. m., from Pier 42, --ZftKx&ai
jforth River, foot of Morton street. First class
to Havre, $55 and upward. Second class to
Havre. *« and upward. GENERAL AGENCY
FOR UNITED STATES and CANADA. 33
Broadway (Hudson building:). New York. J. F.
FUGAZI & CO.. Pacific Coast Agents. E Mont-
gomery avenue, San Francisco. Tickets sold by
all Railroad Ticket Agents. -^ ¦¦'¦
PACIFIC STEAM NAVIGATION 00.
And CIA 6UD AMERICANA HE VAPORES
To Valparaiso, stopping at Mexican, Central
and South American ports. Sailing Section 2,
Seawall, 12 m.
PERU May 2IPAXENA .......May 30
.GUATEMALA .May 151LOA June U
These eteamers are built expressly for Cen-
tral and South American passenger service.
(No change at Acapuleo or Panama.) Freight
and passenrer office, 318 California street. ¦
BALFOUR. GUTHRIE & CO., Agents. ,
Teller, Behrtng,
Golofnin, etc,
s. s. Valencia,
J. M. LANE, Master,
Will Leave SAN FRANCISCO.
MAY 24, 1901,
And Seattle
MAY 30, 19O1.
For passage and freight apply to
PACIFIC STEAM WHALING CO..
80 CALIFORNIA STREET, SAN FRANCISCO.
Cor. of First ave. and Tesler way, Seattle.
NORTHERN COMMERCIAL COMPANY.
For Nome
And St. Michael.
Sailing- Dates Approximate Only.
From San Francisco: Prom Seattle:
•'•Dora'.' May 1 May 7.
"Conemaugh"...May 25 June 10.
"Portland" May 29 ,. t>
"St. Paul" June 1 June 8.
•"Dora" will sail via Juneau, Valdez, Kodlak.
TJnga. and Unalaska. .
For rates of passage, freight and other par-
ticulars apply to ,
NORTHERN COMMERCIAL CO.,
S10 Sansome Street, San Francisco.
TOYO RISEN KAISBA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF COR-
ner First and Brannan streets,, at I d m
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hlogo), Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong: with steamers for
India, etc. No cargo received on board on day
of sailing.
ES. NIPPON MARU .'.Friday. May 3, 1901
SS. AMERICA MARU..Wednesday, May 29, 1901
SS. HONGKONG MARU..Saturday. June 22, 1901
• Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's office
421 Market etreet, corner First.
W. H. AVERY, General Agent.
PANAMA R. R. f^™"
TO HEW YORK VIA PANAMA DIRECT.
Cabin. $105; Steerage. «40.
S. S. Argyll sails Monday, May 6
5. 8. — — sails Monday, May ' 2O
6. S. Leelonaw sails Monday, June 3
From Harrlson-st. . Wharf,- 2 p,;m.-
Frelght and passenger office, 330 Market st.
F. F. CONNOR. Pacific Coast Agent. :-¦
OIL | - WATER.
W. W. MONTAGUE & CO.,
MANUFACTCRB j, -V - ' J
IRON PIPE
FOR OIL WELLS. FOR IRRIGATION. FOB
POWER PLANTS. FOR MINES.
TANKS
FOR OIL. FOR WATER. FOR CTANIDS
"PLANTS.
SAN FRAXCISCO.
OR. PIERGF'S ELECTRIC BELT
¦ America Ahead of the World la Electrical Inren- '
• tiorwt ETerybody knows thlat Our new Body-'
• Battery, (t*. S. Pa tent> is strictly an American '
' InTention-XJIE Belt of the Centary. It »ends »,
' powerful, reTersible current through the human ,
'body from llemd to K.«t, curinz Chronic and.
. Nerrons Diseases and W(*tneuof Mule or Female.
. as If by Magic. So positive are we that no otber ¦
. belt U fee equal of "Dr. r-iereeVUiatwewinsend'
• it o.\ APPROVAL for comparison with any belt'
¦ bow told in America. "Seeing is Bellerlng." ;
I NOTE We nerer send belts "On TrlaV there-.
. fore In ordering **Dr. Pieree'i" no risk Is run of •
¦ contracting wkhi IMmm« or otber Disorders by'
•nslDjt an appliance pra-vtanatr w«n by •thrr'
• persons. Call, or tend a ic. itamp for sew "Booklet
No.2/ AddrewrPIEKCKKLEfrrRICCO.;
; 1145 Broadway, (near 26th St.) New York. I
.Or 62O Market Street, San Francisco,*
n cnicnc«tcr*s English
PEHNYROyAL PILLS
/'^^J^L «" CHICltESTEK'S ESg£x§H
fr^i^rfp^ lo BE» ind tioU »«t»ai« bozw. ». M
~?W4 Ej»* »'»• »««>»<»»• T*k« ¦• ether. XeAu*
fn ©^ *13 PnclNM SaUtltatlMs aa d bn lt*-
/ ~ fa M— . B«y »f jour DnoW, »r hq4 4«. t»
lV & .«d" Relief t.Tl*,4imZ~i~.UMZ,*itZ
-X P tnmM.il. 1 0.OOB T~d-.Di»J^ 8oti!> r
-r «n BniHliu. Chlea— *» C1» w—t— I C«-
BeaUon tii» p*i»t. Umilmtm Saxara. PII1UU 1»ZI
Dfi. HALL'S BEIN VIGOR ATOfi Mgm
Five hundred reward for any la^H* T$?3
case we cannot cure. This secret 9"*" ™"W
remedy stops all losses In 24 hours, h p j
cures Emissions, Impotency, Vari- fag gCa
cocele. Gonorrhea. Gleet, Fits. WfM Rffl
Strictures. Lost Manhood and all \f\L\ MuJ
wasting effects of self-abuse or liTjitl
excesses. Sent sealed, $3 bottle; 3 EE&RBSSh
bottles. }5; tnaraateed to cure any case. Ad-
dress HALL"S MEDICAL INSTITUTE. 855
Broadway. Oakland, CaL Also for sale at 1P73H
Market st.. S. F. All private diseases quickly
cured. Send for free book.
DI> TTQUCO FOR BARBERS. BAK.
Dil U OilHO ers. bootblack*. baU-
houses, billiard tables,
bre-wers. bookbinders, candy-makers, canners,
dyers, fiourrnills. foundries, laundries, paper-
hangers, printers, painters, shoe factories, sta-
blemen, tar-roofers, tanners tailors, tto.
BUCHANAN BROS.
Brush Manufacturers. 609 Sacramento S>
;, NEW WESTERN HOTEL,
KEARNT AND WASHINGTON 8T8.— RB-
modeled and renovated. KINO. WARD A
CO. European plan. Rooms. 60c to $1 50 day;
SS to *8 week; $8 to $20 month. Free baths: hot
and cold water every room: flre crates In av«y
room; elevator tubs all nlsht.
fs irr nnifl I Corner Fourth and
uar l nu I hl l^^. 1^
valises checked free.
f acificiCoast iSteamshlp • Co.
ll NOME
- GOLDFIELDS.
THE STEAMSHIP •
CITY OF PUEBLA
mn Ban
From San Francisco May 26
CoeiMCtlBff at Seattle trlth the Company's New
find EplenOld
Steamship Senator
For Nome Direct.
Tjearing EEA'ITLE May SOth.
Th« Senator made five trips to Nome last
year, belsr one of the first to arrive there,
landing all her patseturere and freight without
Icfs. xnlshao or xnaterlai delay.
For passenrw rates apply TICKET OFFICE.
I K*w Montgomery Street.
GOODAUX PERKINS & CO., Gen. Arts..
10 Market Btreet
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
(M, Bteaxners leave Broadway
K|fe vrharf. Ban Francisco:
ilMJfci -. For Ala«kan Ports— 11 a. m.,
9 V^^SSL April 21, 26, May L Chang* to
m KS'^JJ&SBl Company's steamers at Se-
ll R^SiSqS^HM F 01 " Victoria. Vanoouver (B.
I f.Sg^*<!M'j C). Port Towneend, Seattle.
y/^^X^iS^n Tacoma, Everett. Anaccrte«
* >r and New Whatcom <Wash.)—
"^ 11 a. rn.. April 21. 26. May land
•rery fifth day thereafter. Change at Seattle
for thU oompanr'a eteamera for Alaska and G.
Iff. Ry.: at Seattle or Tacoma to N. P. By.;
at Vancouver to C. P. Ry. .- -v-
For Eureka, Humboldt Bay— I p. m., April
38. 2S IS. May 3. and every fifth day thereafter.
For Pan Dlero. stopping: only at Santa Bar-
bara. Pert Ijo» AnjreleB and Redondo (Los An'
peles)— Steamer Queen. Wednesdays, 9 a. m. ;
Etf£.mer Santa Roea, Sundays, 9 a. m.
For Fanta Cruz, Monterey. San Simeon. Cay-
tscos. Port Harford (San Ivuls Obispo), Gaviota,
Fsnta Barbara. Ventura, Hueneme. San Pedro.
East Ean Pedro <Los Awreles) and Newport —
Steamer Corona, Fridays. 9 a. m.; eteamer Bo-
rlta. Tuesdays, 9 a. tn.
For Er.senada, MaRdalena Bay, Ban Jose del
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. La. Pal, Santa Rosa-
lia and Guaymas <Mex.) — 10 a. m., 7th each
month.
For farther Information obtain company* ¦
folders.
The company reverre* the right to cbanre
Ft earners, sailing dates and hours of Bailing
vlthout previous notice.
TICKET OFFICE —4 New Montgroraery
ctre»t (Pslace Hotel}.
GOODALL, PERKIN-S Sc CO., Gen. A«ta..
, 10 Market St., San Francisco.
AMERICAN LINE.
KEW T0SK. 8CCTHA1IPT0N. LON'DON. PARIS.
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New Tork Every Wednesday, 10 a. m.
New Tork Mayl|Xew Tork May 22
Bt. Paul MaygjSt. Paul May 29
gt. Louis, MayliiSt. Louis June 6
RED STAR LINE.
New York and Antwerp.
From New Tork Every Wednesday. 13 noon.
Zecland ..May UPennland .......May 22
Frlesland May SiKenslnglon May 23
Soutbwark May 15:Zeeland June 6
INTERNATIONAL -NAVIGATION COMPANY
CHAS. D. TATLOR,
General Atrent Pacific Coast. 30 Montgomery et.
lodern Furniture and Home Furnishings
THAT CANNOT BE DUPLICATED ELSEWHERE.
SPECIAL OPPORTUNITIES THIS WEEK
FURNITURE, DRAPERIES, CARPETS and RUGS
COMPARE OUR PRICES. COVPARE OUR GOODS. ALL GOODS MARKED IN PLAIN FIGURES.
BEDROOM PARLOR Combination Desk
FURNITURE. FURNITURE.
A Brass Trimmed Metal Bedstead. Parlor Suit-Backs handsomely decorated • C
colonial Ptyle in pattern. It is plain. with mother of pearl, upholstered peats: /S*53ci£SS*k dC&b &Q*mf-
thouph rich In rtoslfrn and massive with- large variety of colorings; hand-polished WgilSPjgBBES ; *'\?*9i£ X^Yi '
out unpalnly appearance. The posts are framework. Sale price S3-.5O B5^HWnraK J "
t>« one and a quarter inch thickness. ¦ iJB^Ela^^^Ctl^SS^a^^i \
*£Shn^ b »' ard f«l S t 6 rv^iniS 11 £S d th9 Couches-Our °™ make, upholstered in TJjjIJWgMg iPgSBBS^Bnl- T
SSSS^f VhreS^Vod^^^mlnlt^are gSf. S* ™^ %£}*& ' * fil^^ffll^^Mli I
pllded. as we also the heavy castinps P »Xo.OU ]M & BM$$83*¥&3i \ S I
SSf^f^ •""nchS: S 4.75 to;5 - 50 ' Yourchoic6at 83.50 m?ffl8^a Lh^^zSSI ffl
Smaller sizes may be had.... * HanflBome Corner Chairs-Crotch maho ff - !ff ]:i:] Hr" r "' HB
any back; upholstered seat. Sale price [tt, jij^J,«... J/p^^^^Sr B^ 1 //«
200 Parlor Chairs-Regular copies of the W ItII 1 Ili
4 €^1 TT 1 HI }; W 5^ celebrated English reception or parlor iiTr ff^Vny ' Mlzfi <g>i5) jnh I i
i *•! fl * ?'l \* chaIr ; upholstered seat and back. Sale B B 1 1 1 ttflBEda litl _ -L-Jj? § \\\\
|l f f It! 18 I Mahogany Parlor Suit— Hand-polished and- 1 fe^jg^S^ fe^'L^ . ¦ IIhyL'
9 fc : V hand-carved; upholstered In empire % VaSJSlZfiSSut. & *$&& X \ $££>' S'lV'B
Ij |j C \l\ I preen silk plush. Our own reliable make. B TT.l',£{jll I I ti ' ' '* •*
fflil^KHIylM in the $21.00
I I n^^n^frl iQrKi Ttfit WXtt W ?S¥^ MtitfM' .a. . Th{s fine Quarter-sawed Golden Oak Com-
7 I IRfeSf'rnHljr I t I 1 fl n ? ©fi k Minninn bir.ation Bookcase, over 6 feet high, 40
Ji^$L_LUI*J'l J ~,!j JLlr Jii' iU ' ffil mlSSll inches wide, hand-polished and richly
r rff = Ty r< T77T e T^^7T = *^7 ! r*^ T^iuWl ¦¦¦IWillUIII • decorated with hand-carvings and fret-
' *__ I Ti i i' *i J-\ t ll \\ \ 1 V~\J -work; has large French beveled mirror,
jr^' — •>*, jj^lG* ¦ ¦ & nd chipped glass door in cabinet above
SPECIAL SALE"
SWISS LACE CURTAINS-400 PAIRS
TWO-THIRDS TO HALF UNDER VALUE.
IT'S a special purchase and these curtain bargains in value
are the best we have ever offered. Fine Brussels, Irish
Points, Duchesse and Novelties. Marked as a special lot.
Actual values a pair, $5.00, special price. . . .$2.50 Actual values a pair, $10.00, special price..$ 5.00
Actual values a pair, $6.00, special price. . . 3,00 Actual values a pair, $15.00, special price.. 7.50
Actual values a pair, $7.50, special price. . . 3.75 Actual values a pair, $18.00, special price.. 8.50
Actual values a pair, $8.50, special price. . . 4.25 Actual values a pair, $20.00, special price.. 1o!oO
CARPETS— RUGS— MATTING— LINOLEUM— 2™™
CARPET BARGAINS. 90c &M
Sanlord's and Smith's Wilton Velvet Car- Moquettes SI OO Size 12x9 „._,_
PetS v^ Wlth ° Ut 5 orderB ' worth . «;»• B1^ low Jewell Brussels "»1.17% Size W.6^S.3.\ZZZ^":^Z\Z «28
rnaxked. per yard 8 l.K> Brussels, other grades "5l.io SIze 9x6 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 ! 1 1 1 1 : iflo
Smith's Axmlnster Carpets, worth $1.25. Best Wool Ingrains, warranted 65c m C pt B , avu ..«»*^ m
marked per yard. Sl.OO K~-' i ELECTRA AXMINSTER RUCS.
Banford's and Smith's best quality Tapes- . LINOLEUM. Size 54x27 In.... •-•S2.«5
try Brussels Carpets, worth 85c, marked Latest Importation,- new patterns, per size 72x36 ' «!r o£
per yard 7Oc square yard 45c Slze io.6xi2ZZZZ'.'.'.'\ 8*1 75
ALL ROADS LEAD TO PATTOSIEN'S, Cor. Mission and 16th Sts.
Weekly Call, $1 per Year
FOR U. S. NAVY YAFD AND VALLEJO.
' ¦ •• Steamer " Montlcello."
MON.. TUES., ¦WED., THUBS. AND SAT.,
at 9:45 a. m., 3:15, 8:30 p.,m. (except Thurs-
day night); Fridays, 1 p. m. and 8:30; Sundays,
10:30 a. m., 8 D. m. -Landing and office. Mis-
sion- st. Dock, Pier No. 3. Telephone Main 1508.'
BAY AND BJ VEB ' STEAMERS
REMARKABLE SUCCESS
. Of a New Catarrh. Cure.
A large and constantly Increasing ma-
jority of the American people are catarrh
sufferers.. This is not entirely the result
of our changeable climate, but because
modern investigation has clearly . proven
that many diseases, ¦/ known by other
names, are really catarrh. Formerly the
name catarrh was applied almost exclu-
sively to the common nasal catarrh, but
the throat, stomach, liver, bladder, kid-
neys , and intestines are subject to ca-
tarrhal diseases as well as the nasal pas-
sages. 7 .»
In fact, wherever there Is mucous mem-
brane there is a , feeding ground for ca-
tarrh. \
The usual remedies. Inhalers, eprays,
douches. or powders, have been practically
failures, as far as anything more than
temporary relief was concerned, because
they simply dry up the mucous secretions
without having the remotest effect upon
the blood and liver, which are, the real
sources of catarrhal diseases.
It has been ftnown for some years that
the radical cure of catarrh could. never
come from local applications, but from an
internal remedy, acting on the blood and
expelling the catarrhal poison . from' the
system. " .
A new internal preparation which i has
been on 'the market only a short time has
met with remarkable success as a genu-
ine, radical cure for catarrh. .
It may be found in any drugstore, sold
under the name , of Stuart's Catarrh -Tab-
lets, large, pleasant' tasting lozenges, com-
posed principally of antiseptic Ingredients.
Eucalyptol. Gualacol, Sangulnaria, Hy-
drastln and similar catarrh specifics^ . :•
Dr. Ainslee In speaking of the new ca-
tarrh cure says: "I have tried the new ca-
tarrh remedy, Stuart's Catarrh Tablets,
upon thirty or forty .patients with re-
markably satisfactory results. They clear
the head and throat more effectually and
lastingly than any douche or inhaler that
I have ever seen, and- although they are
what is called a patent medicine and sold
by druggists, I do not hesitate to recom-
mend -them, as I know them to be free
from cocaine and opiates, and that even a
little child may use, them with : entire
safety." " v •
Any sufferer from nasal catarrh, throat
or bronchial trouble, catarrh of the stom-
ach, liver ' or bladder, - will find Stuart's
Catarrh Tablets remarkably, effective,
pleasant and convenient,, and your drug-
gist will tell- you they are absolutely free
from any injurious drug. . '-¦>'
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
M1SCEULANEOUS.
OCEA2T TEAVEXi-
OCEAN TRAVEL.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
| The Shirt Waist Store. 1
Ed This is the first time we have been able to announce a complete i
R stock of white shirt waists. Our shirt waist bii!>tne:«!« this yenr ha* cxrn H
pu phenomenal and we have been unable to yuri'V" th« demand for waists Tr
H of white. Our new stock ia now comploto in every detail. Here you H
Ka will, find a line In an almost bewildering assortment— every alxe in all Lf
isl kinds and all in tho most perfect fashion. We mention a few to give ¦
IB you an idea of the prices: E9
gSk White AVaists— all over tucked yoke, back, collar and cuffs H
H "'white Waists— with'inserting and tucks, very pretty 81*.lio each H
hN White Waists— with 13 rows of clustered tucks around the back and Kg
PB White Waists — with lace or embroidery inserting— a neat little^ affair fit
fef White Waists— tucked and hemstitched front and back* and onl
R sleeves, cuffs and collar $-.«."» eachH
Kj White Waists — all over lace and embroidery, very handsome, one of Si
fea the prettiest in the lot...u 93.50 eachH
Kj White Waists— hemstitched, tucked and embroidery on front, sleeves. H
Jw collar and cuffs— very stylish S3. OO each 2
Fa White Waists— tucked, embroidered and hemstitched on front and ¦
EM back, collar and cuffs— exquisitely pretty 8I5.7«"» each Egg
Kg ' White Waists — all over hemstitched and lace, sleeves, front, back, col-H
M lar and cuffs— the finest shirt waist in the store 85.OO each W
1 COLORED WAISTS, U
Don't think by our stock of white waists that these are all we have fn
I?S —we also have an eleeant line of grass linen, colored Madras, striped an
Ha and colored percale waists, in an elegant assortment of shades, styles gS
D and sizes— from $1.00 to $3.50 each ¦J
§3 GOLF slflRTS. I H
H A four-gored golf skirt at a special price to-morrow— Just the 9
B thing for your coming vacation— get one while they last— plaid back, ij
el heavy golQng cloth in dark gray mixtures^ — a perfect fit. stitched f.a
around the bottom — a snap SSU.fJS each B
I We PRODUCING On AH
I Have WELLS . . . sides.
H Our location is in southwest J4 of southwest \\ of Section 19, 28-28,
1 Kern River.
I ™...™\VE ARE DRILLING— -.% —
i FOR A FEW DAYS ONLY we will sell stock at
lOc Per Share.
I FIRST WELL COMPLETED MAY 1.
1 WE WILL COMPLETE TWELVE WELLS.
|| Our company owns 640 acres in FRESNO-SAN BENITO district
i soon to be developed. A SURER, SAFER INVESTMENT has never
(g been offered. NO AGENTS. NO PROSPECTUS. Full information
I] at company's office, room 16. eighth floor. Mills Buildine.
I California Crude Oil Co.
1 . LED F. WINCHELL. President
i T. A. KIRKPATRICK. Secretary.
m HON. JAS. G. MAGUIRE. ex-U. S. Congressman. Director and |
H Counsel. First National Bank of San Francisco, Depository.THE SAN FEANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, APRIL 21, 1901.
LOTTERY PLACE RAEDED-Captain Witt
man and posse raided the office of Henry L.
Kahn in the Thurlow block. Kearny street,
yesterday afternoon and arrested TfahTi. who
was charged with being keeper of a lottery
place, and Herman Lesser, Henry Goldsmith,
Thomas L. Rosa and B. Friedman as visitors
The police seized 310 lottery tickets. .
thanked him for the energetic work and
untiring energy he had displayed during
his term of office. .
The reply of the retiring president was
a nappy one and he. was greeted with loud
applause at the close of his speech
Impromptu speeches were made by some
of the club members and songs, Instru
mental music and witty sayings were en-
Joyed by the votaries of Bohemia until
"the owl blinked."
¦ ROBBED A MINER— Marcella ¦ Stewart, a'
colored woman," was • arrested - yesterday by
Policeman . Dougherty and Detective McMahon
on the charge of grand larceny for, stealing
$140 from Louis Bonatte, a miner from Cala
reraa County.
gOTTrTMTATr CIAJB HONORS
ITS RETIEING PRESIDENT
Vanderlynn Stow Is Tendered a Ban-
quet and Receives Congratula
tions for His Work.
A banquet was tendered last evening to
Canderlynn Stow, the retiring president
?f the Bohemian Club, by 150 of Its mem-
Mrs, the affair taking place In the club's
ilckrooms.
The guest of honor sat on the right of
President Deering- and during the discus
nlon of the menu a choice musical pro
gramme was rendered.
President Deering proposed the health
If Mr. Stow and in the name of the club
JULIUS CAESAR BY AMATEURS— The
Lincoln Dramatic Club will present Shakes
peare's great tragedy, "Julius Caesar," In full
costume and with excellent stage accessories,
before the Men's Club of the Good Samaritan
Mission, Second and Folsom streets, next
"Wednesday evening.
COOPER'S TRIAL. SET— Against the protest
of the attorney for "Sir" Harry Westwood
Cooper, Judge Cook yesterday set his trial on
the charge of sending a forged telegram to
Miss Norine Schneider, for May 29.
bition, with an elephant for subject, win
ning with that his first honors. Since
that time Shimada has been awarded fif
teen-diplomas, and njedals for his work.
Last year two of the artist's pictures were
bought by the Emperor and Empress of
Japan, and a reolica of one of these will
be on view during the exhibition.
New Union Elects Officers.
. The Boiler Makers' and Iron Shipbuild
ers' Helpers' Union has elected the fol
lowing officers:' President, James T.
Curloy; vice president, John'M. Hogan:
financial' secretary, Allan K. Dewar; re
cording ' secretary, "Walter F. Cullen;
treasurer. M. Burns: trustees; Ben. Haas,
Thomas Sykes and James Desmond. The
meetings of this newly 'ormed union are
held on Thursday ev?i-.ings at Teutonia
Hall, 1323 Howard stree:.
SHIMADA SEKKO. one of the most
celebrated Japanese artists of the
day, is now in California on a six
months' visit. The advent of Mr.
Sekko is of strong interest to
artistic circles. His work represents the
best effort of the classical school of Ja
pan, j the school of Hiroshige, Hokusai,
Utamaro, ! that has so vitally influenced
for the better all the art of the Orient
for the last quarter of a century.
Shimada Sekko is a painter of water,
fish and flowers by preference, and any
thing more extraordinarily clever* than
his fish pictures it would be difficult to
imagine. But he runs the whole gamut
of artistic material as it is used in Japan
with apparently equal ease, and we shall
have opportunity during the coming week
of seeing In one of the local galleries
some examples of this modern Japanese
master's marvelous art. ¦<
Mr. Sekko's visit to California, is for
the puroose of- studying Western art
methods", 'and before his return to Japan
the artist hopes to visit Paris, Munich,
Rome and all the chief art centers of the
world. In his own country . Sekko has
studied for twenty-nine years — lie is now
34 — beginning his art studies at the age
of "5 with his artist-father. At 10 years,
of age he was painting pictures for sale,
and from 12 to 15 illustrating in Japanese
newspapers. At 16 the youthful genius
painted his first picture for the Royal
Academy of Tokio, the Government exhi-
Music in the Park.
The Park Band will render the following
programme this afternoon: ¦ ;
Overture, "Festival" Leutner
"The King of France" .;..Sousa
Selection. "Mascotte" Audran
Sextet from "Lucia" '•'• Donlizetti
Entr'ace and air de ballet, "Le' Cid" — ..
.' Massenet
Overture, "Nabucco" '.'• Verdi
Duet for cornets Selected
Mr. Mahood and Mr. Rosebrook.
Characteristic Slavonian march... Tschaikowski
Descriptive. "In a Clock Store" Orth
March, "Merry American".. .......Wheeler
the Bulletins to Be
Circulated.
Plans Radical Departure in
State Mineralogist Aubury says that he
will try to make the State Mining Bureau
of practical value to the miners. He ha3
ideas that are original and says he ex
pects to make a radical, change in. the
general character of the bulletins to be
issued from the bureau, In comparison
with what has been done heretofore. In
the first place he will instruct the field
deputies that reports must be made with
out technicalities.
"The information Is intended for the
miners, and not for technical societies,"
said Mr. Aubury yesterday. "What the
people wl ( sh to know is where they can
find gold and other products. In this con
nection I may say that it is my Intention
to have the facts reported concerning the
outlying counties that have not had their
share of mention earlier. There are fine
mineral prospects in the most northern
tier of counties, but the public has not
been informed concerning them by the
Mining Bureau. The mother lode has been
very well -exploited, so far as publicity is
concerned, but I will not lose s'ight of the
fact that there are also other sections
that promise well.".
Mr. Aubury also declared that he would
soon set about getting the facts together
concerning copper and quicksilver in Cali
fornia^ and making them public for the
information of all concerned. Much had
been done for gold and silver, etc. Now
the copper and quicksilver interests,
among others, woulu have bulletins de
voted to them. Any mineral substance
would be considered of sufficient imnor
tance to exploit if found to exist in large
commercial quantities in the State. Build
ing stone was worthy of mention. So
with many other substances.
New Copper Converter.
General Manager "Wright of the Moun
tain Copper Company confirms the report
that a copper converting- plant of large
capacity will be Installed at Keswick and
hereafter the metal will be. refined in
Shasta County instead of New Jersey.
This will be the second converter in the
county. "
The San Luis Obispo Breeze reports that
P. Gillis has brought In some nuggets
from his mine In the Los Banos district,
one of which weighed two pounds and
was very rich. The district is reached
from Cambria. ':
According to the Amador Dispatch. Al
vlnza Hayward is about to put in a large
electrical plant on Dry Creek, just above
the Centennial mine. He intends to di
vert the high pressure system above the
marble quarry on the Oleta road and
carry the water around to Dry Creefti
where he can get a great pressure and
be able to supply the northern part of
Amador County with power. A. J. Crain
tells the Dispatch that he expects to be
gin work soon. The Dispatch also re
ports that a survey, preparatory to the
beginning of active mining by the Con
solidated Jackson Company, is being made
of the Zeila mine, both on the surface
and underground. The survey is being
made with the permission- of the Zeila,
Company, and is made with a view of
determining the exact location of the end
lines of the Zeila and of the Consolidated
Jackson Company's ground, which adjoins
the Zeila on the north. Upon the com
pletion of the survey, w,hich will doubt
less be some time next week, work will
begin on the Fleming property without
further delay.
E&tsnding the Ditches.
The Tuolumne Independent says:
The Yosemite Gold Mining Company, which
owns several hundred acres of gravel mining
land south of the county line in Mariposa, at
what is known as the gravel range, is con
templating extending the ditch from the mine
at Little Gap to the Donohue Diggings.' The
company eets water from the Merced Com
pany's ditch, the water for which is taken
out of the south fork of the Tuolumne. Last
year the ditch was completed down as far as
the gravel range, and about a month ago
a slide occurred at the flume, stopping opera
tions at the Yosemite mine. ...
Facts from Siskiyou County mines are
gathered from the Yreka Journal, which
says:
A. C. Brokaw is now rushing work in the
old Campbell hydraulic mine at Quartz Valley,
with prospects of the best season for many
years, by reason of the great abundance of
water available. He has made the ditches
larger with an additional supply from recent
connection with a good sized lake on the Sal
mon range, to Insure a longer run of water.
There is also another lake fifty feet higher up
the mountain he may likely connect in the
future, which would afford an almost perpet
ual supply of water, when not blocked by ice
and snow in midwinter. AH the Scott Valley
diggings at Oro Flno, Mugginsville. Patterson
Creek, Pinery. McAdams i Creek and Indian
Creek and other creeks and gulches, will be
worked on a larger scale than usual, by rea
son of ,the prospects of a longer run of water
than for many years, on account of the great
quantity of rain and snow since New Year's
The Spengler Brothers, at the mouth of Hum
bug Creek, are • putting in full time ground
sluicing the banks and washing up, bedrock
gravel in sluices with good success. \
Mining: an Orchard.
The Stowell copper mine in Shasta Coun
ty, so says the Redding Free Press, may
soon change owners and go to parties who
will continue to develop the property. The
administratrix of the estate of John
Stowell has filed a petition for sale. There
are nine claims which have been ap
praised at $65,000 recently. Stowell val
ued the mines T.t $120,000.
The fruit ranch of John H. Leggett, so
says the Chlco Record, has been- leased
to "W. P. Hammon and others to be work
ed in dredger mining. This ranch, of
about 160 acres, lies along the Feather
River, just above Oroville, in the center
of a little valley. It has long been known
as one of the most productive in the
county, being planted to vines and fruit.
The place has paid ¦ Mr. Leggett from
$15,000 to $20,000 during the last few years.
The greater part of the ranch has never
been worked as a mine. The terms of
the lease are that Legrgett shall receive
one-half of the proceeds and that time
of duration of the agreement shall be
thirty years. . .
A propecting party has been organized
at Los Angeles to explore Inyo County
and in the Providence Mountains , of
southwestern Nevada for valuable met
als. Traveling with a cook and a team
ster, the party, which embraces practi-.
cal miners and assayers, will start with
an equipment that will enable them to
stay in the field for months at a time.
A start was recently made, going down
the Antelope Valley with the intention of
crossing Cajon Pass and going to Barstow
'en route for Death Valley. . Future opera
tions will depend upon what ledges they
encounter.
The Stockton Independent gives the
following account of the troubles of the
Stockton Gravel Mining Company, which
operates the Philadelphia diggings In
Tuolumne County: * ,
Frank J. Schoettcen has begun suit In Tu
olumne County In the Superior Court for dam
ages for digging up the boU and. for running
water over the land. The mining company
owns about 600 acres of placer diggings fifteen
miles from Columbia. This land had laid idle
for many years until the Stockton company
took hold,' and through their energetic and
untiring efforts the foundation for a great and
permanent Industry has been established. The
company found the mine rich in magnificent
posslblltles, but reauirlng the expenditure of
vast sums of money and no end of labor and
time before any return whatever could be ex
pected for their outlay. Undaunted, however,
and with commendable grit, they set to work.
Miles of ditch were dug, roads built and
flumes constructed. A tunnel several hundred
feet lonir « - as run through adamantine rock,
costing $25 per foot, to tap the channel at its
lowest point. -Dollars were spent by the thou
sand, giving employment to hundreds of men
and proving of inestimable benefit to that sec
tion, and. in fact, >. to the entire county. The
company had Just commenced to enjoy the
fruits of their labors, ! hydraulicklng being in
progress day and night, when through Frank
J. Schoettgen an Injunction was Issued stop
ping the flow of ..water ¦ through the ditch,
shutting down the mine and : throwing atx.-ut
fifty men out of employment, and he asks thtt
the' shut down be made ptipetual. ¦¦ / ¦ --¦¦
AUBURY WANTS
MAIN FACTS
Will ' Make the State
~ Mining Bureau
: Useful. - -
Shimado Sekko, One of the Celebrated Japanese
Artists of the Day, Sojourning in California,
His Purpose- Being to Study Western Methods
REPRESENTS BEST IN CLASSICAL
ART SCHOOL OF THE NEW JAPAN
ONE OF THE CELEBRATED
ARTISTS, OF JAPAN, NO\V IN
CALIFORNIA.
20
I Attractive Silks
To the best selected, largest and most complete
' stock of Silks we have ever before carried, we
. have joined the very lowest prices consistent with
s good quality in new seasonable and stylish goods.
To see, -these Silks themselves is the only way to
[ appreciate the full significance of this statement. ;
¦ I^m ii 3 rrta • his 1S s " re 'y the season for Foulards;
J. fUiaiuo. such patterns, so neat and stylish, no j
' description can do them justice. Every conceivable color and
; design is shown in this soft, strong, easily draped material. |
Our stock was never more complete than now with this pop-
: ular silk, at prices ranging from 50c to $1.35 a yard.
j Dress Lengths — As usual there are many patterns in Fou-
lards exclusively shown here. The latest novelties justjn from
1 Paris, of which only a single dress length has been imported.- \
\ For this reason it is worth while to come early, before the gems
of our great silk stock are disposed of.
Ricmk r^rPn^HinP<s* Always stylish; come
; i3iacK orenaaincb. inth / choi £ est stripeS)
! checks, scroll patterns and Iron frame. We have just received
a handsome lot of 60 different styles which we are offering
from 75c to $3.50 a yard.
! Warp Printed Silk$: f£? ¦££«:.
1 comes in various weaves, such as Louisines, Satins, Taffetas,
'. etc. Just opened some of the most' exquisite designs and com-
binations in this silk at $1.25 to §2.25 a yard.
: - Tjlflfc t£LS * n an exce Pti° na l va Iue; 19 inches wide;
j A £iiiv^La.o« oyer IOO shades to choose from; suitable
i for street and evening wear. These silks we are offering at =
; the special low figure of 75c a yard, at which price they are not
' likely to remain here long. |
Rtark Silks* * n Peau de Soie, Satin Duchesse.
; UldV^iV OIUVS. p aiUe Francaise) Gros Grain!
: Armure, Taffeta and Louisine, from the looms of the e
i best domestic and foreign manufacturers in the world. We are I
offering them all at very moderate prices. i
The Special exhibition of Foulards now on display j
i in our windows — worth inspection, |
We don't like to change our departments, but |
, had to do it; increasing trade compelled us to I
: move the hosiery and underwear department, and j
: it now occupies the full length of an entire aisle, j
At no time have we carried and displayed such |
enormous lines or quoted such prices -as follow j
¦ below : j
Hosiery I
Ladies' fast black hosiery, Hermsdorf dye, with high spliced j
heels and double soles, best quality maco yarn, should be \
, priced at 35c; we offer them at 25c pair. \
\ Ladies' fast black hosiery, Hermsdorf dye, with high spliced
I heels and double soles, best quality maco yarn; come in plain
I or ribbed tops, with plain black feet or half white soles; well
worth 50c pair; on sale at 3 pairs for $1.00. !
j Boys' school stockings in narrow rib, also 2 by 2 rib; guar- !
) anteed fast black Hermsdorf dye, with spliced heels and double j
¦« soles and knees; worth 35c; our price for any size, 7 to 9^,
25c pair. i
: Ladies' Fancy Hosiery — Brand new fancy hosiery just I
; arrived, comprising entirely new designs and colorings; these
added to our present stock makes the assortment the largest !
we ever displayed. Prices range from 35c to §7.50 pair. ° ]
Underwear |
Ladies' Swiss ribbed Vegasilk Vests, low neck and no sleeves, ;
; lace trimmed, in colors: Pink, sky, lavender, cream and black-
one of the best values ever put on sale in our underwear depart-.
ment at 50c each.
Ladies' Fancy Yoke Silk # Vests, Swiss ribbed; some are |
V neck, others square neck/in a large variety of handsome !
; embroidered fronts; come in all colors, including white and black. IS
Prices, 85c to 83.00 each. / I
Here are some special values worthy of inspection in ladies'
imported Swiss ribbed combination suits: \
Fine quality Lisle, low neck, no sleeves $1.25 a suit " |
Fine quality Lisle, high neck, long sleeves 1.75 a suit !
Silk and Lisle, low neck, no sleeves 3.00 a suit \
Silk and Lisle, high neck, long sleeves 3.75 a suit j
Heavy Pure Silk, high neck, long sleeves — 7.00 a suit • !
: 125 to 131 Kearny Street 1
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ra Bradford-Silver Creek
4: QUICKSILVER
1 MINING COMPANIES,
i-70 San Benito County and Santa Clara County.
Up" $1-00 BUYS 2 SHARES.
*xr ; One in each mine — par value $1.00 pel share.
fU Stability and Profits in QUICKSILVER MINES
¦TS! Uo T^ c Almaden Quicksilver Mine of Spain is the j?reatest mine
~2£ \ of any description in the world, and it was mentioned in the works
Ljo of Pliny 2000 years before the Christian era, and the estimated
<£ji 3 product is over one billion i dollars.
'3 I?" SEEING IS BELIEVING.
i-io You can easily see our property. One hour and twenty min-
i utes to San Jose, nine miles by team. , .
-20 Let us show you these mines and judge for yourself,
ill H. R. BRADFORD. President and General Manager.
/2g2|k 7 N. Market street. San Jose.
(&j|||a Prospectus, and all information at branch office, 209 Sansoiiie
nJSP street, San Francisco. . \ .
¦ a OJ • H. L. COFFIN andj?. JDE FREITAS, Agents. "
CAMP REVERIE,
IN THE i
RUSSIAN RIVER REDWOODS,
"In All California
-No Place Like This."
On a New Plan,
On June 3. this year, CAMP REVERIE wll)
be opened In a redwo«-ti grove on the Guerne.
ville branch cf the California Northwestern
Railway, midway between Fulton and Guernt.
ville.
Handsome booklets with full details have bsea
left in Ticket Offices el the California North-
western Railway, or adiress CAMP RKVERIH
ASSOCIATION, room SI, Flood building, San
Francisco. Office hours 12 to 4 p. m.. Mon-
days, Wednesdays and Saturdays.
On y Tiaree Hours' staging
To the prettiest, healthiest, most restful plac«
In all California. Resident physician. Every
comfort and amusement. Rates — $10. $12, $11.
$15 and J16 per week. Call on LEE D. CitAIO.
316 Montgomery st., and see photographs of
hotel and surroundings. yVe take pleasura In
writing full particulars. Addres3 CRAIG &
WARNER.
DR C C O'DONNELU'S
MINERAL, SPRINGS AT GLEN ELLEN.
the best camping, picnic and pleasure re-
sort on the Coast. The greatest remedy for
lung disease, liver and stomach complaints,
rheumatism and catarrh In the world; 43
miles from S. F. The S. P. R. R. and S. F.
& N. P. R. R. give special rates to campers:
20 cottages and tents furnished; rent cheap;
no fogs nor poison oak at the park; mineral
water, boats and bathinsr free. Inquire of DR.
C. C. O-nONNELL, office 1021% Market, bet.
6th and ¦ 7th. S. F* If you want your health,
pleasure and longevity this is the place to go.
YOSEMITE. VALLEY,
BIG OAK FLAT AND TOSEMITE STAGE
CO.— Running directly through the Tuolumna
Big Tree Grove, Oh My and New Inspiration
Points, El Capltan, Bridal Veil and Tosemita
Falls. Staging 2% hours first afternoon and
9 hours next day, arriving at Tosemite Valley
5 p. m. Send for Illustrated folder. "WM. J.
WHITE. Gen'l Agent. 630 Market St.. opposite
Palace Hotel. S. F.; tel. Black 337L
SKAG*S BOT SPRINGS S^iSSS
from San Francisco; but 9 miles' staging:
waters noted for medicinal virtues: best nat->
ural hath In State; swimming and boating;
roo<3 trout streams; telephone, telegraph, dally
mail and express; first-class botel and stago
service; morning and afternoon stages; round
t«|p from San Francisco only J3 50. Take Tib-
uron ferry at 7:30 a. m. or 3:20 p. m. Terms.
$3 a day or ?12 a. week. References — Any guest
of the past six years. For further lnforcna-
toln address J. F. MULGREW. Skasrgs. CaL
LAUREL DELL LAKE
MOST ATTRACTIVE PLACE IN LAKEi
County to- spend a vacation. Boating,
bathing, bowllnfr, tennis, livery, new walks
end boats. Write for Circular. EDGAR DUE-
NAN, Laurel Dell. Lake Co.. Cal.
VICHY SPRINGS, '
The only dace In the United States wher»
Vichy Water is abundant. The only natural
Electric Waters; Chamnaene Baths; Springs
Numerous; Baths XJnequaled. Three miles from
Ukiah. J. A. REDEMETER & CO..
: : • : , Proprietors.
GOOD FELLOWS' HOME.
AMID THE MOUNTAINS OF MENDO-
crao. Visit this quiet little resort for
solid comfort. For particulars apply to 3.
STRATTON. 3 Eighth street. City.
THE GEYSERS, J*Z~
ONE OF NATURE'S "WONDERS. NATU-
ral steam baths; swimming, fishing, hunt-
ing and livery. Write for pamphlet. I.
WERTHEIMER. manager.
WIT I AW D 1 V "H former proprietor ¦ W.
TTlLLUW ft All .11 Crandell— A summer home
In the redwoods. 5 miles from Santa Cruz:
runrtlng water, swimming, ero<iuet. abundance
of fruit, home ccokijuc: tabl* speaks fcr itself.
For particulars, TULET & ILir*\ Santa Cruz.
CLENBPOOX.
. Just the place to enjoy your vacation. Various
amusements. Plenty large & smal game. Tabl»
6 beds -unsurpassed. Rates only S3 & $10. Infor-
mation at Traveler office, 20 Montgomery st..
or address O. W. R. TREDWAT. Proprietor.
Glenbrook. Lake County. Cal.
HOTEL MOUNT VIEW
Changed hands. Will hereafter be open th»
year round. Bus meets 11 o'clock train from
city at present. The culinary department will
receive specall attention. For rates and par-
ticulars address HOTEL H-UNT VIEW. Rosa
Valley. Marin Co. Cal.
SAN JOSE
CARNIVAL OF ROSES.
HOT5L ST. JAMBS.
Finest Equipped Hotel In the State. !
weeeF call
ONE D OLL AR PER YEAR .
»_
1 MlLlER6t SONS 543 BWAYN.Y
'¦' - ' . ¦ ¦ v . ¦ . -¦ ¦ ¦ ¦ • . ij
alT Would my friend gave me , W'n:W'Jci:li^LtliifeJiVl>t>>^-iiW^ L j»k-£J :i T g '
I a good book, for then the j^^^^^^il| \
witn so many styles 01 & Ipjpvs^lggpp.lJM
bookcases we can assist || |S|t|^PH :J| if i
you in caring for your jjj| ; i:] •ill Jjfjf
books. From the. sim- ijij ||
plest to very -elegant.. This l^^iifllfemlli Ell
1 £ " Vi A Via* ac^in^aMe ; F* -^-t— BLa? JjSj S 3* ¦//•&! i 3 JH > ¦ ,. )x F
shelves and glass lock door. Golden ,),]¦ [ nil »
finish, well made. A desirable de- ||i|j ]3f|f§§§|§^ltf|fl M Jl I
' sign for home or office $6.50 " fi|| lHI{ffl^Uj|l|i/l Bml I
' - Romantic, certainly, sitting on logs i$| " " f^^Sf^Bffi i t \w s
and rocks when you go to the !|||. JJJ||h^S«J| ||!hM I
country. But to get the full benefit |j^^pyS^| J H \
of an outing you better take a Ham- Jg|Ji^i^^iH|lP^^||ll Eftl'lfl i
mock Chair with tJf^5H|||pliiiHlM' ' I
Adjustable at will to any 7 position. TOC $1.50.. &B||£B|||a 1
• Iron frame that will last for years. Well balanced, iCS?tO^L Jl 1
. If .you don't go to the country these j ' ¦ t _, _ ade ff^^^^Uf I
Hammock Chairs on porch or lawn strongly maae. ]l . , jgrt^ W |
will come near to bringing country Oolden finish. M^0^\ J£ |
to VOU jfcQCft Second Floor ts****^ ! LL^&r E
ThirdFloor ' <JpJ»JU "(gpr. |
Summery Freshness and Brightness |
, In the Drapery Department now. A very large line of Lace Curtains ready |
to welcome summer breezes at your window. Turkish and Persian patterns H ,
inTapestry portieres.. Rope portieres, so popular for summer draping in end- H
less variety A 16 rope portiere, in all shades, handsomely draped ,$3.00 B
, 3 . .. _ . - Second Floor-- . r . §8
Smyrna Mottelette Rugs— 3 x 6 feet— $ 1.25 |
Pattern runs dear through, equal to two rugs. Soft and bright enough for, U
abedroom rug. Big enough to cover a small entry floor; just the thing for Eg
' the landing.": Fringed ends Fir»t Floor $1.25 s - y
*« The Credit House."! Six"- Stories High. • |]
233--35-237 ; «^jJL^imu iSSIJiB iiiMif hi " Pr ' Vate Exchan2e I
If you want to
know where to
go this Summer
"Whether to a mineral spring resort,
whero you can get the benefit of medi-
cinal waters, or to a farm, where you
can enjoy the comfort and quiet home
life of the farmer, or to a picturesque
town, from which you can, in a short
walk or drive, commune with nature in
her valleys, foothills and mountain
canyons, or to a camp along the bank
of some shady stream,
Call or write for
v "VACATION 1901"
This is a little book just Issued by the
California Northwestern Railway Com-
I pany, and is profusely illustrated. It gives
I camping locations, hotels and mineral
spring resorts In Marin, Sonoma. Mendo-
cino and Lake counties. Besides, it con-
tains a list of about 200 farms and homes
where board during the summer months
can be procured at from $5.00 to $10.00 per
•week. '
Ticket offices 650 Market street (Chroni-
cle building) and Tiburon Ferry. General
office, Mutual Life building, Sansome and
California streets, San Francisco.
R. X: RYAN.
General Passenger Agent.
H. C. WHITING, General Manager.
\ ;
SANTA CAT ALINA ISLAND.
3^ Hours* ¦ Ride From Los Angeles, Cal.
GREATEST ATTRACTIONS IN THE WEST.
Third Annual Rod and Reel Fishing Tour-
nament, auspices the VTuna Club."
. Eighth Season of our Famous Marine Band.
The Society Resort.
The Sportsman's Paradise.
HOTEL METROPOLE and COUNTRY CLUB
always open. Golf and Tennis Tournaments.
IDEAL CAMP LIFE.
For full Information, hotel • rates, unique ar-
rangements for camping and illustrated pam-
phlets, apply to
TOURIST INFORMATION BUREAU,
10 Montgomery st., San Francisco.
Or BANNING CO..
• 222 South Spring St.. Los Angeles, Cal.
For the complexion. Indispensable for the
Mountains and - Sea' Shore. Prevents and re-
moves tan, sunburn and Infection from Poison
Oak. Indorsed by the medical profession. At
all druggists.
-¦™~~~^~"" THE NEW BUILDINGS AND
HniTT'S Beautiful Grounds at Hoitt'a
uui ' ' "? School will be open to summer
MFXI.O guests during June and July,
i ii-nuv superior climate, excellent
PARK. table; reasonable prices. Ad-
„_ ______ dress IRA G. HOITT.
LAUREL RANCH RESORT
5 miles from station: beautiful view; moun-
tain scenery; hunting, fishing: In moun-
tain streams: short distance from Geysers;
dally mail; $7 per week. Further particulars
address G. H. BLACK, Geyserville. Sonoma Co.
SUMMER HOME FARM,
SANTA CRUZ MOUNTAINS— FIRST-CLASS
family resort; main hotel and cottages;
hunting and fishing; artificial lake for boating
and swimming; long-dUtance telephone; camp-
ers' return tickets, $2 &¦; open the year round.
Send for circulars.
J. H. HAESTERS. Glenwood. Cal.
FERN BROOK PARK,
NILES CANTON. IS NOW OPEN FOR PIC-
nlcs or campers. Further information ad-
dress WM. H. MENTON, Excursion Pass.
Agent S.' P. Co.. 613 Market street.
WHITE COTTAGES, >V 1
HOWELL MOUNTAIN.
Altitude 2000 feet: air pure and dry. "Write
MRS. J. H. - GOETSCHE, White Cottages.*
Angwin P. P., Oil. » . - .
BELLEVUE HOTEL.
P. O. EL VERANO, Cal., Verano Station
(Kings Crossing)), on California. Northwestern
Railway. Hot mineral baths near by. Terms.
$1 per day and upward. PETER GOUILHAIi-
DOU, lessee*
DUNCAN SPRINGS,
Two miles from Hopland; best medicinal
waters in the State; fine hotel and first-class
table; rates $10 and $12; housekeeping: cottages.
O. HOWELL, Hopland. Mendocino Co.. Cal.
MOUNTAIN VIEW RANCH, near Santa
Cruz, in heart of the mountains; among'
the redwoods: first-class accom.: very reason-
able terms; telephone, swimming tank, croquet
and amusements: daily mail; new improve-
ments; our well-known table Is our recommen-
dation. Round trip canipers to Glenwood, incl.
stage. {3 73. Frank R. Dann, Santa Cruz.
GHAS. M. PLUM & CO.
Upholstery Company,
NINTH AND MARKET STS.,
Ha-re <ruite a line of SHORT LENGTHS
of UPHOLSTERY GOODS which will
/be sold s,t reduced rates.
An opportunity to procure Pillow and
Cushion Covers for your summer home.*
9BI^BHflB5S3E93S3EE9EB3EHBi9BlsSS33ESBS^^
ADVERTISEMENTS.MISS LIZZIE TRINDER, NOTED
AS A SINGER OF. BAL
LADS. ' ¦ •
Herrmann J. Sadler's Will.
The will of the late Herrmann J. Sadler,
who died on the 14th Inst., leaving an es
tate valued at $45,000. was filed for probate
yesterday. r>ecedent bequeaths his estate
to his widow, Minnie C. Sadler, and chil
dren—Agnes F. M. Sadler, Edwin L. Sad
ler and Herrmann J. Sadler. Mrs. Sadler
is appointed administratrix to serve with
out bonds, j
Co-operative Homes Combined.
Co-operative Homes Nos. 3 and 4, found
ed by the Rev. Dr. J, A. B. Wilson of the
Howard-street M. E, Church, have been
combined and placed under the superin
tendency of Mrs. Annie McNeill. The new
home, located at 4 Burnham place, has
been newly fitted up and a "house-warm
ing" social will be held shortly. The in
stitution, is a self-supporting home for
young women.
AMONG the new entertainers who
appeared with Loie Fuller at the
Macdonough Theater in Oakland
two weeks ago, after the dancer
had severed her connection with
the Broadway Theater Opera Company,
was Miss Lizzie Trinder, whose perform
ance met with marked success. Miss
Trinder is a Boston eirl, with a charming
personality and sweet soprano voice. She
has sung much in concert in Boston and
also in London, where she was a pupil of
the celebrated teacher, William Shakes
peare. Sbriglia and Mme. Lagrange in
Paris have also directed the musical edu
cation of this talented young singer.
MissTrinder's success has been largely
in ballad singrfng-, and it was in ballads
that she charmed the audience that greet
ed her and her friend, Loie Fuller, in
Oakland, j The singer returns East to
day, from what, but for Miss Fuller fall
ing- upon evil days here, would have been
a simple pleasure visit to the Golden
State.
diers at' the Union-street entrance. The
platform is sixty feet square and.the cir
cular,tent is fifty-six feet In diameter. It is
somewhat sparsely furnished as yet, but
there are some 200 chairs and six reading
tables are well spread ¦with a first install
ment-of newspapers kindly sent by the
Red# Cross Manila Library Committee, cf
which Mrs. I. Lowenberg is chairman. The
tent will be open during each day and
evening of the week with representatives
Of the Red Cross in charge. .-* . ..
It Is- by courtesy of Colonel J. B. Rawles
that the Red Cross Society has been per
mitted to' occupy so convenient and pleas
ant allocation. ¦ :•¦¦.. .
¦ The society, counts with confidence upon
the sympathy and assistance of the pub
lic In its effort to give a little of the home
spirit to the life of the soldiers at the Pre
sidio. Feeling . thus secure, .the ladles
frankly ask for those thing's which, at tne
outset, are most needful. . These are mag
azines, periodicals of all sorts, daily and
weekly newspapers, books, maps and at
lases, a good second-hand dictionary, even
if not exactly up to date: games of all
kinds and plenty of them and— most mod
est request of all— a piano. When the Red
Cross reading tent was open before a
music firm of San Francisco, gave the use
CANZILLA IS CONVICTED— Nick Canzilla.
clerk In his brother's fruit store at 160 Fifth
street, was convicted by Judge Mogan yes
terday on the charge of disturbing the peace
by using vulgar language through a telephone
to Miss Annie Castro, dressmaker, 873 Howard
street, and " was ordered to appear for sen
tence Wednesday.
of a piano, rent free, for a year, and it is
hoped some ,one equally generous will
come forward this time. A piano Is one
of the most humanizing, comforting things
that can possibly be provided, and its
presence develops much unexpected talent
among- the soldiers. Any donations or
loans for the tent may be sent to the Pre
sidio marked "Red Cross Reading Tent,"
or they will be called for If the president
of the society, Mrs. John F. Merrill, is
notified. The Manila library work is be
ing carried on with energy under the di
rection of Mrs. Lowenberg. Not a trans
port leaves San Francisco harbor without
many boxes and packages of reading mat
ter, ¦which are sent not only to Manila, but
to every one of the Philippine islands at
which United States transports touch.
Donations for that cause are received at
room 238, fourth floor, Phelan building.
Love is responsible for a lot of earthly
misery by being elsewhere when wanted.
Those •who take the excursion to TJklah
Sunday, April 28, will enjoy a treat, for
at this time this picturesque section is
covered with wild flowers.
•r a •n.TrETRfl w 1 1 .t. DISCUSS
THE PBICE OF SHAVING
There will be a meeting 1 of the boss bar
bers at B'nai B'rith Hall to-day at 2
o'clock for the purpose of considering the
establishment of a uniform price for shav
ing and hair-cutting in all union shops.
The following: resolution will be Intro
duced and acted on at the meeting. Should
this be adopted It will meet with the uni
versal approval of the members of the
Journeymen's Union, ¦who are anxious to>
liave one schedule of prices adopted in all
shops under the control of the associa
tion:
Resolved, That the sense of the meeting
of the proprietors be In full accord with the
Journeymen's Union No. 148 of San Fran
cisco, and hereby declare that whatever busi
ness be done be in the interest and success of
the union aforesaid, whether the raising of the
prices bo successful or not. to that end that
the union shall and will be sustained.
Of all the regiments arriving from the
Philippines none has won a more enviable
record than the Twenty-ninth Infantry,
TJ. S. V.. which arrived Friday on the
transport Grant. The regiment has been
full of business since it went to the isl
ands In the fall of 1899. and its officers
point with pardonable pride to its splendid
record of hard fighting that dates almost
from the time it landed at Manila.
Accordingto the army records the Twen
ty-ninth holds an enviable record, and
has been highly commended to the au
thorities at Washington for its useful and
arduous services. Standing third on the
list of all military organizations that
have explored the Philippine jungles in
eea-rch of the wily Agulnaldo and his co
horts, in the number of engagements
fought, the capture of arms and ammuni
tion, commissary stores, papers, and the
bagging of the greatest number of im
portant prisoners, the Twenty-ninth will
doubtless be missed before the finishing
touches are put on the conflict.
The regiment was recruited at Fort Mc-
Pherson. Georgia, in July, 1899, and in
cludes many men who fought in Cuba
the year before. A majority of the sol
diers are natives of Georgia and Louis
iana. Many of them are representatives
of the proudest Southern families, whose
fathers followed the banners of Lee and
Jackson and bled for the "Lost Cause."
During its preparation for active service
the Twenty-ninth Infantry attracted gen
eral notice by its excellent marksmanship
on the rifles ranges. Once arrived in the
Philippines the trained eyes and hands
that had been accustomed to bringing
down the nimble squirrels of the Georgia
woods quickly fell Into the practice of
winging yellow natives.
Served Under Lawton.
Two battalions were sent on the City
of Para under command of Colonel E.
Hardin, and the remainder of the regi
ment., commanded by Lieutenant Colonel
Sargent, remained for a time on board
the transport Zealandia. On November 5,
1899, the Twenty-ninth got its first taste
of flghting near Caloocan. Company A,
commanded by Captain James ' A
Rash. en route from that place
to Malabon, got Into a hot skir
mish with the enemy, and quickly
drove them off with considerable loss to
the Filipinos. On December 18. the regi
ment was ordered to La Lama. It marched
through a driving rain storm, and was
attached to General Lawton's command
then advancing on San Mateo. The his
tory of this battle, in which the gallant
Lavrton lost his life in the attack on the
rebel town, is well known. Ten minutes
before General Lawton received his fatal
wound he remarked to Lieutenant Colonel
Sargent as the Twenty-ninth moved into
action. "That is the finest formation for
an attack I have ever reen." A private
or Company E of the regiment was acting
as General Lawton's orderly, and It was
he who carried to Lieutenant Colonel Sar
gent the general's last order.
It did not take long for the news of
General Lawton's death to reach every
corner of Luzon, and the army was cast
down by sorrow. After San Mateo was
taken the Twenty-ninth did hard service
for months. Private Hewitt of Company
G, while acting as Major Hawthrone's
orderly, was captured and nothing more
has ever been heard of the unfortunate
prisoner. The following day Private Mar
shall of Captain Rash's command distin
guished himself by killing an insurgent
captain, the first officer to fall under the
deadly aim of the Twenty-ninth, already
destined to play such havoc in the rebel
ranks.
After a prolonged and exhaustinsr cam
paign in the field the regiment, on Feb
ruary 26, was ordered to Manila and occu
pied the old Spanish Nlpa barracks,
known as Paco. Later the regiment saw
active service in Albay. In an engage
ment on the island of Marinduque Cap
tain Rash had his right hand shattered
and lost a thumb and finger, while Ser
geant James Ellis, who was about to re
ceive a lieutenancy for meritorious con
duct In the Cuban campaign, 1 was serious
ly shot in the shoulder. Throughout the
regiment's service in the Philippines it
was kept on the go, and fought from
Northern Luzon to the southern Islands
of the group in many a hard fought bat-
Daughter of the Regiment.
An Interesting feature of the Twenty
ninth s career In the islands was the pres
ence of a woman, who for a time followed
It through its many campaigns and acted
as a sojt of mascot to the regiment When
about to enter Manila Bay a young wo
man journalist. Miss J. B. Beam, who had
shipped in disguise as a cabin-boy, made
her identity known. The captain-quarter
master was intent upon turning her over
to the authorities despite the protests and
pleadings of the other officers. Miss Beam
was finally smuggled from the ship and
became a daughter of the regiment until
her health broke down and she returned
to America-
The Twenty-ninth was accompanied
honw by all its officers, -with the excep
tion of Captain James ,A. Rash. Company
A. who -was brought back disabled a few
rr.onths agro. and Captains Whitman, D
Shields and McGhee. who have been home
a month on sick leave.
Recommendations to the War Depart
ment for the issuance of medals of honor
to the following men of the reerlment. who
were wounded on the field, will be made:
Privates Michael Hitz. R. B. Caswell
Robert D. Jackson, Frederick Mass, Hen
ry N. C Daniel and Webster Cassell of
Company F. •- t ''':;?¦'£ ¦
Recommendations for certificates ' of
merit and honor will be made for the fol
lowing named men tor exceptional gal
lantry in action: Corporals Curtis E.
Lowe and Thomas C. Williams; Privates
Juan B. Poole, Toliver G. Johnson and
John Shew. ~ • • " : > .
GRAND RECORD OF TWENTY-NINTH
THROUGHOUT PHILIPPINE CAMPAIGN
¦ Volunteers ¦whose "time has expired _ are
still arriving from Manila," while men to
take their places are being .sent out.., -The
long looked for transport Garonne arrived
yesterday, while the Thomas &ot" away
late in the afternoon. -
The Garonne brought up eleven compa
nies of the Twenty-sixth Infantry, 'while
the Thomas took away over 300 Marine
Corps men and casuals. .Many of the lat
ter are colored men, and as the transport
was delayed in sailing they were allowed
to eo ashore. One and all proceeded to
get drunk and then they began , to run
the saloons. An urgency call was turned
into the Harbor police station and Ser
geant Shaw and a detail of eight men
were sent to the scene in the patrol wag
on. They soon quelled the disturbance
and rushed, the rioters back . aboard the
ship, where they were detained. • The
Thomas" took away six officers -and 150
men of the United States Marine Corps,'
seven members of the Hospital Corps and
150 casuals. The, cabin passengers were:
Major S. W. Fountain of the adjutant
general's department • and family, Mrs.
Pickering, wife of Captain Abner Picker
ing, Second Infantry; Mrs. McCook, wife
of Lieutenant Paul H. McCook, Second,
Infantry, Mrs. Marquardt, wife of Lieu
tenant Peter E. Marquardt, Second Infan
try; Miss McFarland, sister of Captain
McFarland, Eighteenth Infantry; Mrs.
Byram, wife of Captain Byram, Sixth
Cavalry; Mrs. Bennet, wife of Captain J.
B. Bennet, Sixteenth Infantry; Dr. Pursell
and' ¦wife, Professor Brink and wife and
Miss Florence Ashmore, a teacher. '
The Garonne is the- banner stowaway
ship of the transport fleet. She brings
sixty-four of this class of passengers, but
how they are going to land here is the
question. The Government does not want
the vessel any longer, and in two days she
will leave for Seattle. Neither does the
Government want the stowaways nor will
it land them. In consequence the three
score and four will continue on to Seattle
unless they car. manage to get ashore by
their own efforts. I The Garonne will not
dock while in this port. ¦ . ' ¦¦ ¦¦
The Garonne brought home thirty-nine
officers and 843 men of the Twenty-sixth
Infantry, five prisoners, six hospital corps,
ten discharged soldiers and seven civil
ians. Colonel Rice old not come home
with the regiment. ±x.e remains in the
Philippines as major of the Third Cavalry.
Maior Guy V. Henry also remained be
hind, as did also First Lieutenant Dan
Monohan, both having been transferred
to the regulars. | Captain John Boardman
remained at Manila as superintendent of
schools. Lieutenant ColoneL J. T. Dick
man is in command of the Twenty-sixth.
The following were^ the cabin passen
g< Majors ED. Anderson and F. A. Cook,
Major Surgeon C. F. Mason, Captain Sur
geon FA Washburn, First Lieutenant
R S Griswold, A. A. Surgeon F. H. Spar
renberger. Captaimand Adjutant H. Pen
dletcn, Captain Quartermaster W. T.
Meeks, First Lieutenant F. E. Edwards,
Captains G. C. Hubard, F. H.xPeck, A.
L Barker, G. . M. Brownell, J. Hickey,
W H Connell, A. Creig Jr., TV Talbots,
R. A Whipple and F. McDonald; First
Lieutenants D. Elliott, S. Avery Jr., J.
R. Goodale. J. P. Clare, H. M. Fales.A.
M Mason, H. G. Crockett, A. Hasbrouck,
S D Rice, P. S.lGolderman, H. C. Corn
stock and W. H. Plumber; Second Lieu
tenants T. M. Cousrhlln, E. C. Pierce, S.
E. Worthlngton, H. Clln, G. Ball, H. B.
Grant, G. Garrity, B. A. Jacunet, J.,T.
Ryan and C C. Howe.
The Twenty-sixth went to the Philip
pines eighteen months ago 1300 strong 1 . It
comes back less than a thousand all told.
The regiment was stationed on the Island
of Panay, and upon reaching Iweill found
that Uncle- Sam only controlled about four
miles on: each side of that town. When
the regiment left the island was at peace.
The largest surrender of the insurrection
was made to this gallant regiment when
on Februarys last General Martini del
Gado and 1300 men gave themselves up to'
Colonel Rice.- -. . . , '
The Garonne took • forty days to come
here from Manila and the men were heart
ily sick of . the trip. ¦- The engines ¦ and
boilers are In wretched order and between'
seven and eight knots ' an hour was : the
best speed that could be got out of the '.
craft. ' • .',.".' • . *.' . •
Opens a Reading-Boom To-Day at the
BED CROSS : AIDS SOLDIEBS.
Presidlo.
- The San ' Francisco Society of the/ Red
Cross, • Mrs., John F. -• Merrill, president,
opens at the" Presidio to-day. a corariiodl
ous reading tent. ; whloh*~ stands- with a
genuine ¦ Red Cross welcome forj the sol-
Unbidden Passengers on
the Garonne From
Manila.' ., ,
THREESCORE :
OF STOWAWAYS
THE SAN FRANCISCO OALL^ SUNDAY, , APRIL, 2 1, ;1901.
SWEET VOICED GIRL OF BOSTON
LEAVES FOR HER EASTERN HOME
Miss Lizzie Trinder, Pupil of Many Famous Masters
of Song, En Route to the Hub After Scoring
Successes Before Critical California Audiences
21
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Free-Package of a Remarkable Remedy That
Will Sive Any Man, Woman or Child
a Beautiful Head of Hair.
hair is all due to the remarkable remedy I
used."
Mrs. J. C. Anderson, Missoula, Mont, writes:
"For years my hair had, been falling out. but
since using Foso Remedies I have had a new
growth of hair that is now to natural length."
Theresa Fennell, Moscow, Idaho, says:— "My
head was bald and glossy, but since using the
Foso Treatment my hair is now four inches in
length and quite curly."
J. J. Auld, Cedar Falls. Iowa, wrftea:— "Was
very bald but now have fine crop of new hair
which will soon be ready to trim. It also
cured dandruff."
Mrs. W. H. Provost," Greenwich, . Conn.,
writes: "Remedies have stopped all Itching
and accumulations of dandruff." She was also
bald, but her hair has been now completely re-
stored.
D. B. Cherniss, Farroersvllle, Texas, says the
top of his head was entirely bald, but the
Remedies have grown a fine new crop of hair
and every one In town is surprised to 6ee it.
Miss Lucy Paschall. Watertown. Mass., says
her hair was thin and gray but has been re-
stored to the natural color, la now long and
thick and glad to recommend the Foso Treat-
ment to all.
In the thousands of cases where it has been
used it has never failed, yet the proprietors
are ever ready to grrant any person in th*
world a test package of the wonderful prop-
erties of the remedy absolutely free; all that
you have to do is to send your name and ad-
dress to Altenheim Medical Dispensary 3632
Butterfield BlAg., Cincinnati, Ohio, enclosing
a 2-cent stamp to cover postage, and by return
mail you will receive a free trial package that
will convince you of the truth of this article.
NO LONGER ANY EXCUSE FOR BALDNESS.
"After beinsr bald for thirty years," 6ays
Prof. Turner, President of Fairmount College,
Sulphur. Ky.. "I began using the remedy In
1£35, and In a few weeks thereafter my entire
ecalp was covered with a thick downy growth
of new hair. The whole of my hair was gone
except a fringe around the hat line. In six
¦weeks the bald spot was entirely covered, not-
withstanding; that when I commenced using
the remedy I had a diseased scalp. I had
been baJd for thirty years, and when hair can
be made to frrovr on such a he.ad as mine no
b&ldbeaded person need fear the results. It Is
rive years since I used this remedy and my
Any man. woman or child can easily secure
the means for restoring- a natural, fine, silky,
Klos*?y growth of hair to their head, or pre-
vent their hair from falling cut or getting- thin'
by sending for one free package of a most re-
markable purely vegetable remedy, discovered
and prepared by Altenheim M<?dical Dispen-
sary- The remedy Is destined to prove a boon
to the entire human rare, as with its use there
win bo no such thin* as bald heads or heads
with thin, scrargly hair. Men whose hair or
beards are straesrUne or all gone, women
whose tressea have been th.inned by fever or
hair falling out, requiring- the use of switches;
little children, beys and girls whose hair is
coarse and unruly; all find in this great rem-
edy Just the relief that they want. It grows
hair on bald heads, thickens eyebrows and
lengthens eyelashes, restores to Its natural
color prematurely gray hair, prevents thin
hair. Mops ltchlne. cure* dandruff, scurf or
«<ca.lp pimples and makes the hair of any man,
¦woman or child long, heavy, silky and beau-
tifully glossy.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
1 1 ...IF UNABLE TO REACH US PERSONALLY...... "Tl
HandKerchief Specials. * The, Secret of Our Success: O
A LADIES* "HANDKERCHIEFS, made of good Belfast ...SATISFACTION TO OUR CUSTOMERS-. £>f
M< Linen, hand-initialed, and neatly hemstitched. I? 1 /- .**. Timvo 1 tattop sttito + B n««^ *"'
¦H Highly special * Z»%\, ' >5£&.. ljAJJlJi.a TAILOR SUITS, tailored
U LADIES' WHITE^HANDKERCmEFS.'made'ofgood meSlo^mad'e \l fhe^ew'dSS' k
If Dublin Lawn, hemstitched. Special while they last O JjL breasted %l^eaecu%oljj^ct A
, •••• • :•••. n k\ trimmed with Rtltched taffeta bands. KB
' § '/¦¦ _ .-->..-. \\KS perfe»t fitting and cut so aa to give~ £h
4 £D&L SSCIIl^ IS Bell£Vin£. tr I the desired long- waist, straight-front Eg
fk. «£aa&» . .. ». . " .» 7-1- effect; skirt seven-gored flare, lined H
'»» K&aSr A^. gibbons at Next-to-Ncthing Prices* 2d \ , ¦ throughout with best quality perca-
ES ' irairf '¦ ' ' EftZi • BLACK VELVET RIBBON satin X // »\ line lining and- corduroy bound; £
H t^3 &%m, hi ik- ytjlj^ iijl tiiiiiiUSS ' saun /./ , |\ jacket lined with best quality twilled Ik
* r iM&i, W4*i ve'-Tth a- - -jol- S^-*\ \ Italian cloth new bell sleeve. RSk
r-'«WW7Ek • width No I" 1 ?»S 'K \.-i trimmed 'vith sUtchea taffeta bands. HH
t ; \Y\W^S- Width No" 9 '""Jfto Ss^--^»J This Is where you get thotfje QQ CH
'ffiTrwiS? Width No. 12...... .25c best ror ti.e least... t
RmW^ b,..*"'^Skta I , In Cw Hosiery Department .
$5r*!0£&Etr FETA RIBBON. . Ladies 1 Cashmere Hose, light summer weight, doubla jg»
Jffl. vSpay^Vr Onp inch wide • 4« heels and toes, extra long and , very elastic; war- 4.C- lh3
' H-'-^SsS^St ' •"• : Two!ncheI^de.V.V.'.'.'.!!-oS lanted absolutely stainless. Regular 65-cent values.^JC m
ffl -^ Four inches wide loc Six Pairs lOT 98c W
V" - ' • No ribbon sold to other stores. 500 Pairs CHILD'S HOSE, made of best quality im- 'Sf
© . • ... i ported cotton, warranted fast black: double knees, heels •¦
A • Oilers That Stand Unchallenged •gajsg p^3P 1 { < SaSf l gr s: - 8OOd - S55S-SSS 98c 1
Wi' IN OUR UNDERSKIRT DEPARTMENT. . £J
m LADIES' UNDERSKIRTS, made of good fast-black NeW LaCC DreSS Trimmings £g
ra Italian cloth, deep accordeon-pleated flounce trimmed DDircc thatii/iii acthvkh All vS
~L v.ith narrow, ruffle. Incomparable values at.... Ci QQ AT PRICES THAT WILL ASTONIbll ALL.
;M •••••••• -•••• • .•-••.. - *' NEW BLACK FRENCH LACE INSERTION, new -
fffi ¦ . • ' __ . • "_" ' ' __ ' ,, — . . FSerpentlne .pattern, one and a half inches wide, war- Q r ft
m Reuse Sacques at nail Price. ram^d fast wack. only 7C a
I it A L A r? 1 IA a? sl^. CE w 1 'i! NS e S 0 & SSSi^ i
rI ity German flannel, fitted back, loose front, nnlsnea ,,_„„_ <-; r p a t mnnpv°<iav1n? nnnortunitv J3C By
" with black crocheted edge; colors pink, blue and /c- oress. Great money-saving- opportunity «
red. Worth double the price we ask «-"- _ . cjfc
.-.£ Something New in Ladi2S Waists, rg* th. perris waist i 3 the only waist JOt *¦ h
Ee It is made of the new wool Albatross cloth. ; mothers should allow their little ones to wear. Ai\ //(A- p|
ES light in weight, suitable for summer wear; made -rSW Jt } s made of good French cloth, with n «;W|CWMWj\ |S
m with fancy cluster tucked back and front, fancy fj&m 1 } ap f "e^* buttons. cor^ an^ r , 1 t°i b i. e W W M&
m two-piece collar, new Bishop sleeves, lined/ ttU U| stitched. Invaluable to all mothers. Only JZr V^-Hf W
B" ¦ throughout and trimmed with tiny gold but-| (Nog// ¦ " yr
tons; colors red, rose, helio, pink, white, green ji^^- . /
and black. ' Little beauties, .suitable for dress \ \ 1 SODiethlllft NOVCL .1
¦ A or evening wear. Dainty yet inexpen- CO HZ^X . R
A" sive .:... R LADIES' KNITTED DRAWERS, made of light weight h
. • ' ¦ ¦. . . lisle,- Swiss ribbed, knee length and trimmed with lace: jra
'Ha ' ¦ . T9 i>m7iv\?7iY\\t* Vnl»r/»« • just the thing to wear on your summer outinp. as they Es*
fgj * ivcuitu auuiw '"'vti are easily laundered and require no starch. Our 25c «fl
is ( , .AT STILL MORE v REMARKABLE^ PRICES. . introduction pi ice » Tt
«»• LADIES' GLOVES, made of good taffeta silk thread. Attain I I miItav' ' A
¦ two-clasp, warranted fast black; fits as well as any 9/r_ Jj> AQtUIl I LCIUIO J1\UU> J\
1 . kid glove. Note this price •* i3C /^® Made ""Sf best quality muslin, deep ig
¦¦ Jh ' ' ..• ip®(\- flounce of cluster tucks, alternating 1 wltrt £ a
« ' Tnvic-at fl? foKTM/tc- \\-liA. S insertions of fine lace, pointed flounce g |
m vOrSel UlienngS. effect, lace ruffle, also one extra ruffle,
113 <£&*> TOU'LL FIND ALL, CORSETS AT OUR m(MW& ! V? m^« « "^ift" 6 r?w? h» S inn«F5 •
W ?>f^ COUNTERS— THAT IS, ALL WHICH ARE ° f la^ n S , me . C^ , C n ?>, 1
V VW SPECIALLY GOOD. The new straight front %tgm&? wiywhere in t own fo;^^"f ""^ $2.98 A
t . ) ]C • in every good make, such as the W. B., R. & " P alwa > s the lowest V" w £a
"A O: and many others; also the G. D., La Vida, . _ . __ _ .. *i3
jk S\\ 0 - and many ° thers Muslin Underwear at Prices That Sell, m
MSU W.^Cy/ ¦ ALL CORSETS FITTED FREE- LADIES' DRAWERS, made of best soft bleached mua-
f$it W&fAl lin, tucked, deep flounce with two rows of dain'y torchon %¦
r.(^7 . . , Our "Majesty" Corset. lace insertion, and finished with dainty lace ruffle, jc- fl
• flh ¦ "just the corset' for stout figures; made very Unmatchable values J|
¦•.'_. best, quality Italian cloth, boned throughout -with best ,. ~_, ,_ _ •«• • C*i
K : tempered steel, in short medium or extra lensrth, all well AsK tO See OUT Driiminer S SamDle \£3
Jg made and perfect fitting.- A corset guaranteed for three APlln , r ,, «.¦,««« ucne r nut nn thcu
M . montte; -if you break the steels inside that time to ic OF LADIES' SILK VESTS— HERE l> ONE OF THE.H. *
MS another eoraet free.. Immense values for'. :.. •P^.^-J LADIES' VESTS, made of American silk, low neck, fi
18® . ALSO THE NEWGENTURT BUST SUPPORT or bi- no sleeves, Richelieu ribbed, neck and armsize crocheted jtk
Rpjj cycle waist; just the thing for invalids. who can't stand the with silk and drawn throug-h with silk tape; colors xn
JEW pressure of' corsets, or for athletic women who wish their pink, blue, lavender and black. Samples at sample rn. Mm
W -waists and .hips entirely free yet want, some sort of bust prices »•• ¦ VSf
supporter It is made of best quality Italian cloth. j , A LSO LADIES' VESTS, mad© of best quality South \&
» boned with soft, pliable boning elastic Inserted at the Sea Is i and cot ton, low neck, no sleeves, Swiss «fV.r 7'
themf b rom P be S inr e rin n ed^^^ rtbtoed ' -nuner weight. More than special at IQC,£
rnent............ ,.........:. $M£ St()rc Ncws B
. A New Departure in Underskirts. ladies* linen dress skirts 25^ §3
¦ LADIES' SKIRTS, made of good mercerized Pongee 3000 yards fine TORCHON LACE AT,. tJ3
cloth, with deep flounce, trimmed with green, red or blue • c &
icordlngs, flounce faced with good strong canvas; nc r w e axe agents for the "WORLD RENOWN LA- ti nn ti
light in weight and washable. Specially priced /<Jw D ieS« SOROSIS KID GLOVE.. *p>»\J\J Jm
Wash Veils at Prices That Will Surprise All gS^gS^.?^S3^S*SS me ffi
500 Dozen LADIES' WHITE AND CREAM WASH COntaInlnff f0Ur DaCk " 2\z W
VEILS, new fancy borders. Extra Fine Net. This is a a & es assorted pins, cabinet -"2*" ||P
rare chance to buy veils at prices you will never get 1 Q _ LADIES' CANVAS LEGGINGS, knee length. /JC-. *
¦ I them for again. *7C **JU «j
A M ' ' '¦ * ¦ ~" ¦ ' ; i
BM Mail' w/\tri i\^fi«-ivk«i\«"iv\^| Phelan £!f
":;f:S? JOE ROSENBERG ¦— - \
1816; MarKet Street, Running Through to 11 OTarrell Street. §
Trial .Package of the Remedy Mailed Free
to Show How £a3y It Is to
Cure Drunkards. ¦**
Nothing could be more dramatic or devoted
than the manner in which Miss Edith Wil-
liams, box 36, Waynesville, Ohio, cured her
drunken father after years of misery, wretch-
edness and almost unbearable suffering.
Used an Odorless and Tast;lesa Remedy in
His Food, Quickly Curing. Him
Without His Knowledge.
Miss. Edith Williams Wants Every Lady
Header of This Paper to Know How '
She Saved Her Father.
Drunkards
Eiasily
/Cured
ADVERTISEMENTS.
World Famous Mariani Tonic
MOST EFFECTIVE OF ALL
TONICS.
MOST AGREEABLE TO THE
TASTE.
All Drn££i«t«. Refuse Subatitutee.
MISS EDITH WILLIAMS
"Yes, father, is a reformed man,", she said,
"and our friends . think It a miracle that I
cured him < without his knowledge or consent.
I had read how Mrs. ¦ Kate Lynch of 829 Ellis
street, San Francisco, Cal., had cured her hus-
band by using a remedy secretly in his coffee
and food and I wrote to Dr. Halnes for a trial.
When it came I put some in father's coffee
and food and watched him closely, but he
couldn't tell the difference so I kept It up.
"One morning father got up and said he was
hungry. This was a good sign, aa he rarely
ate much breakfast. He went away and when
he came home at noon perfectly sober I was
almost frantic with joy, as I hadn't seen him
sober for half a day before In over fourteen
years. After dinner he sat down In the big
easy chair and said, "Edith, -I don'* know
what has come over me but I . hate the sight
and smell cf liquor and am going to stop
drinking forever.' This was too much for me
and I told him then what I had. done. WelL
we both had a good cry and now we have the
happiest home and the kindest father you can
imagine. I am so glad you will publish this
experience, for it will. reach many others and
let them know abQUt that wonderful Golden
Specific." ' .
Dr. Halnes, the aiscoverer, will' send a sam-
ple of this grand remedy free to all who will
write for it. Enough of the remedy is mailed
free to Bhow how It Is used in tea, coffee or
food, and that it will cure the dreaded habit
quietly and permanently. • Send your name and
address to Dr. J. W. Halnes, 1098 Glenn build-
ing, Cincinnati. Ohio, and he will mail a free
sample of the remedy to you, securely sealed
In a plain wrapper, also full directions . how
to use it, books and . testimonials from hun-
dreds who have been cured, and everything
needed to aid you In saving those near and
dear to you from a life of deirradatloa and
ultimate poverty ana disgrace. •- .-
Send for a free trial to-day. Xt.wUl brighten
the- rest of your life.' ' , ¦ .
' '¦ . Every good housewife can find a place for a new, pretty carpet- at a low figure. • .
r!f$iThetAxt Carpet Shop will" hav.e a Special Sale of Misfit Carpets at their new and spacious warehouse, 228 and 23
Powell street, and Geary street, and O'Farrell street, two blocks. from Market. Btr eet— transfer.
41 Carpets, X Quality, extra super "CASHMERE," a yard wide— QQr»
/ in sizes; 9 feet by 12 feet and 12 feet by 15 feet... .:.... OOU
., - - - \. Usually sold for 50c.
35 Carpets, XX Quality, "CASHMERE," 9x12 feet and 12x15 feet, AQn
a yard wide. at....... ...........: ...-. *±OU
; . Usually sold for 75c.
MATTINGS— Very Heavy IS3 brand. Q n
- , ~ ¦¦¦. . •-.,-> ' < ¦ ' Usually sold for 20c. vv/
Extra Fine Mattings— 240 ends of Linen Warp in Superb QA/> \ f\ RCln
. \ , "at terns •:••••••» z i ........ . •¦• • • ¦• rroin i mm ** *^ v»^ -*^ -w ¦**
TZOtS'T F/IIL to secure /V fP T Y 1 ft R PF T H °P
some. orthese;extraordinary bargains— . «TJl •; VM-'lJ.. ;L I *sl' 1
the sale ought not to last over three" s\ n C •> r% o A ,' *,')"*
days . ? r -- ' WriiM-: ' Jt2/Jk&*tfV-<M*FSiV:
Ladies' Tailor
22 and 24 Grant Ave.
Special Offer for One Week:
Suits to Order,
$25.00 Up.
Silk lined, wiih Persian
trimming,
S42.5O.
ALL WORK GUARANTEED.
ABVEBTISEMENTS.
Prevent^ Hair Falling Out, Thicken^ Thin Hair, Cures
Dandruff* Scurf or Scalp Pimples and Makes
Any Hair Headlong and Silky.
Prematurely Gray Hair Restore to its Natural Color Without Dp— It
Has Ksver Failed to Grow Uair on Bald Heads, Eyebrows or
Lashes— Send fteme and Address for Free PackageThe ; ladies - of the ¦ Ohio Society, met In
the 1 parlors I of the California* Hotel last
evening. for the purpose of arranging pre
liminaries for; the. banquet to be tendered
the ladies of the Presidential party. The
next meeting will be held at the residence
of the president, 1424 McAllister street, on
Thursday, evening, '-the 25th" inst."' .
Ohio : Society Meets.
'This Is to notify the friends of the Vet
eran "Volunteer : Firemen's Association 'of
California that * its annual . picnic will be
held j at Sunset - Park, Santa Cruz Moun
tains, on .Sunday, < June 9. 1901, and not at
San Rafael- on June 23, -1901. ,' •;'.;. •
P. H; Herlihy, formerly chief , engineer
of the Rio de Janeiro, ! filed, an appeal yes
terday . with Supervising ' Inspector > Ber
mingham' from ¦ the • decision ¦ of -Captains
•Bolles and Bulger revoking his license for
negligence -on the s occasion of 'the wreck.
Herlihy Appeals Again.
' San Francisco is growing. Another "new
first class suit house will be opened next
Tuesday by Mellis &"Co., Inc., 1025' Market
street. Mr. Mellis, who formerly has been
with E. Messager & Co., says that he will
next week show an entire new stock which
came from New York.' An . invitation is
extended to the: ladies who ' are looking
for good styles and good' fit. All kinds of
suits and cloaks made to order. ¦' 1025 Mar
ket street, between Sixth and Seventh: •
A New* Cloak* and Suit Houss.
Court Golden Era, Foresters of America,
celebrated the twelfth anniversary of its
institution by a banquet in California Hall
on last Friday night. It was the first af
falrof the kind that this court has given
and it was attended by nearly 200. ladies
and gentlemen. John J. Cordy, grand sec
retary, ¦ presided as toastm aster, and the
toasts were: - "Court Golden Era," re
sponded to by E. A. Smith, who gave an
interesting brief history of the court and
its work:. "The Order," Hugo K. Asher,
grand chief companion: "The Companions
of -the Forest of - America," the modest
member of. Inter Nos Circle;. "The, Press,"
Jacob Label, and "The "Wise Men of the
Court,". J. O'Brien. During, the repast
professionals from theTivoli rendered sev
eral vocal selections. 'There was also
dancing in the main hall.
Foresters'. Anniversary" Banquet.
The run-down of the 112-dog reserve
stake at Union Park yesterday brought
out many good coursers. The day's sport
in general was a programme of fine trials.
Of late and quite frequently, too. the
wise ones and the quiet piker, as well have
racked their heads for reasons to explain
the defeat of a hardened campaigner by
some stripling when the favorite was at
almost prohibitive odds. The unlooked-for
result would be charged to coursing luck
until the young performer would in anoth
er stake demonstrate its ability to travel
with the fast ones. Game Boy's ' recent
great work in reaching second place
among a Held of good ones and the clever
going of other young dogs has hinted
that the warriors of the coursing field
must look well to their laurels to compete
successfully with the high-class youthful
aspirants for stake honors.
The dope figurers were badly punished
In the second course of. the run-down for
holding too lightly the For Freedom-May
flower sapling, Black Head, a litter broth
er of Game Boy, in his course with King
Cotton. Curtis' more experienced young
hound is admittedly a courser of class,
but, considering the running and clever
ness of the Star Kennels' entry during his
short time at the game, the talent erred
in placing him on the short end of a 6 to
1 price. Black Head won the go by a
score of 5 to 1 and, though he was the re
cipient of what favor was bestowed, still
a victory over a performer of King Cot
ton's standing Is certainly one worth hav
ing.
E. G. W. got a decision by a single point
from Auckland, a 5 to 1 choice; Sara beat
Rona. -Sir Van beat St. Michael, Loyal
Lad beat Governor Mac at 2 to L Lovina
beat Candelaria, Fin McCool beat Black
Flush at 3 to 1, and. with Daylight win
ning her course from Round About, a 4
to 1 favorite, the list of upsets was coxn-
Reserve stake, first round— C. S. i Appleby*« E
G W beat J. Carroll's Auckland, 4-3; Star Ken
nels' Black. Head beat Curtis - & Sons' • King
Cotton, 5-1; J. Kennedy's Elver Sura beat D.
J. Healey's, Elista. 5-0; J. Mortality's Snapper
Garrison a bye; George Sharman's St.- Ivea
beat J. Kennedy's Wine West, 5-1; R. E. de
B. Lopez's Sara beat H. H. Gray's Rona, : 6-4;
F. A. McComb's Fine Fellow beat Lande &
Grerber"s Mount Ida, 6t1; F. Jones' Lovina beat
Curtis & Sons' Candelaria, 3-2; Yosemite Ken
nels' Bad Boy beat George Sharman's Bowery
Boy, 6-2; E. Geary's America beat J. P.
Thrift's Tyrone Prince, '5-3; P. Doyle's Nora
Lawrence beat Kerrigan & Schendel's Kear
sarge, 3-0; Curtis .& Sons'- Vulcan beat Lowe
& Thompson's Little Fuller-ton, 4-3; -T. J. Cro
nin's Vixen beat R. E. de B. Lopez's Kitchener,
6-2; W. C. Glasson's Dewdrop beat J. D. Car
dlnell's Miladi. 3-1; J. Carroll's Master Clair
beat E. & R. Scott's Lord Byron, 4-0 ; Con
nell Brothers' White Hat beat J. J. Keenan's
Blacklock, 10-4; W. J. Leonard's Tom | Hurlick
beat T. J. Cronln's Thornhill, 4-2; Sterl &
Knowles* , For Glory beat ' P. C BHck's ; May
Lawrence, 5-0; Gold Dust Kennels' Brutus beat
L. F. Bartels' * Banner Bright, : 6-1 ;" Tosemite
Kennels' Sir Van beat Gold Dust Kennels'. St.
Michael. 3-1; F. A.' McComb's Royal Flush beat
W. Burke's Night Time. 4-3; P. Doyle's Thelma
beat Aeneid Kennels' Argus, 6-0; C. O. Peter
son's Silver Cloud beat D. J. Healey's Tapioca,"
3-1; G. Lennon's Sir Crawford beat M. Welch's
Isaac Murphy. 7'3; P. J. Reilly's Royal Union
beat Pasha Kennels' Recording Angel, 3-2 ;"T.,
J. Cronln's Vandal beat J. J. Keenan's Lundin
Links, 6-4: Curtis &' Sons' Loyal .Lad beat E.
Me Andrew's - Governor - Mac, 3-1 ; ¦ James Sheri
dan's Forest Queen beat Charles' McDermitt's
Noe Maid, 6-4 ; P. ¦ Doyle's Liberator beat - H.
A. Deckelman's Master . Rocket, 5-3; * H. -A.
Deckelman' s , Lawrence beat ' I Curtis •• & ¦ Sons'
McKinley, 3-1: Sterl; & Knowles'. Ripple beat
R. E. de B. Lopez's The Levite. 7-l;?H.iH.'
Gray's Terronette .beat ' W. Calrne's Imperial."*
4-3; Pasha . Kennels' Fiery Face' beat.G.- Len
non* s ' Ha If moon, 4-0 ; James . Sheridan' s ' Forest
King beat - George Sharman's ' The Doctor,^ 3-1 ;
A. Vanderberg's Naughty Girt " beat ¦ Kerrigan
& Schendler's Winslow, 4-3; .T. McCool's Fin
McCool beat George. Sharman's Black Flush,
4-2; . O. Zahl's Mies "Wilson - beat J. Carroll's
Red Hind; 5-0; P. Jackson's Golden Russet beat
W. C. Glasson's -lone, . 3-0: F. A. . McComb's.,
Ltttle Sisters beat • A. - Merriirs Flying. .Belle."!
4-0; J. Cane's Greenhall beat S, ILandy's Twin'
City Girl, > 4-0; F. -Jones' Harlean Gladys beat
J. R.' McCarthy's 'John Doe," 4-0; ;RT E.-d^.B.
Lopez's Jewess ' beat " B. : Silva's : Good .Hope,
10-0; Connell Brothers' St.'- Helena" . beat ;:J.»
Dempsey's Jingle Bells, 3-1; '- F. •* A: McComb's
Motto . beat Star . Kennels' Mayflower, 4.-1; A.
. The champion - event is booked for a
strong play and the result will be in doubt
until the last course has been decided, so
close is the standing of the dogs. Rector,
Palo Alto, Ireland, Beacon, Honor Bright,
"Warship, Wedgewood and Sisquoc look
the winners in the run-down. The other
performers are not lacking in favor, and
will have strong support.
Following* are the day's results with
Judge John Grace's official scores:- ¦ ¦ -
pleted. ( ih'~-?jl: :^' : '
The card for to-day Is an even -one.
Master Laurence ran a snappy course
and is in trim; Log Boy will put up a hard
go; as will Rienzi, Miss "Wilson and Motto.
The second round winners .look to be
Black Head, Snapper Garrison, St. Ives,
Firm Fellow, Bad Boy, Vulcan, Dewdrop,
Master Clair; For Glory, Brutus, Royal
Flush, Silver Cloud; Royal Union, Forest
Queen, Lawrence, Ripple, Fiery Face, Fin
McCool, Golden Russet.-Little Sister, Har
lean Gladys, St. Helen, Flora- Mcdonald,
Fine Fire, The Grafter, Chicago Boy, Ag
amemnon'and Mamie Pleasant. Harlean
Gladys.'aMamie Pleasant, Fine Fire and
Fiery Face are likely candidates for posi
tions near the finish. .< ; J = >
YOUNG HOUNDS CAUSE MANY UPSETS IN THE FIRST ROUND
OF THE RESERVE STAKE EVENT OUT AT THE UNION COURSING PARK
"Vanderwhlte's Flora McDonald beat "W. Kock
er's Merrlwa, 5-1; Star Kennels' Master ¦ Law
rence, beat Pasha Kennels' Random- Aim. - 4-2;
Aeneid Kennels' Fine Fire beat W. Cairnes'
Gold. Ore. 10-1; W. J. Leonard's Daylight beat
Pasha Kennels' Round About. 3-0; Connell
Brothers' Log Boy beat P. Steinhoft's Veto.
3-1; P. J. Reilly's The Grafter beat Aeneid
Kennels' Aeneas, ' 4-0; F. A. McCorab's Royal
Fashion beat Gold Dust Kennels' Forget. 4-2;
George .- Sharman's Chicago B6y beat Pasha
Kennels' Rollicking Airs,' 5-0; Lande & Ger
ber's Rlenzl.beat D. D. Roche's All Green, 5-0;
Aeneid' Kennels' Agamemnon beat- Curtis &
Sons' Vagrant. 4-2; G. Walters' The Chief beat
P. C. Blick p s Yellowtail. 5-4: Connell Brothers'
Mamie Pleasant beat Aeneid Kennels' Athena,
8-2. .
Emlle Robin Wrecks Life of Mother
: and Removes Daughter From •
Rescuing 1 Sands.
Myrtle Randall, a girl 16 years of age,
who was about to be saved from. a life
of infamy by the California Society for
the Prevention of Cruelty to Children,
has been spirited away to Sacramento by
the unprincipled seducer of her mother.
Myrtle Randall came to this city from
Missouri with her father, and mother and
her brother -"Willie' several years ago. A
short time after their arrival Mrs. Ran
dall left home with a Frenchman named
Robin, taking her two children with her.
The pair drifted about the State for a
year or two and finally located in Sacra
mento. *
Meanwhile Mr. Randall died and a few
years later his former wife, repenting on
her deathbed of her - misdoings, sum
moned her mother, Mrs. Smith, and deliv
ered to her care the two children of Mr.
Randall and a boy, Frankie. who was a
son of, Robin. Mrs. Smith* took the two
older children to her . own home and
turned Frankie over to Robin's relatives,
who live at 717 San Jose avenue. Robin
constantly tried to make the Randall
children dissatisfied and at last induced
Myrtle to leave home and go to live at his
relatives' house.
The case was reported to the charitable
society and Secretary White and Officer
McMurray, having been granted letters
of guardianship by the Superior Court • for
both "Willie and Myrtle, went to the Rob
in home to take Myrtle, but on arriving
there learned that Robin had induced tho
girl to leave for Sacramento. The offi
cials of the society in that place have
been notified and the girl will be held if
found. ? t *
The house at 717. San Jose avenue,
where Frankie and Myrtle have been liv
ing, is; filthy beyond description. Twelve
people sleep- in three small, illy lighted
rooms. The matter has been reported to
the Board of Health. • . -
SPIRITS \ AWAY CHILD
OF FORMER MISTRESS
Judge Fritz's court - and Sullivan was
booked on the charge. His bonds were
fixed at $5000. ¦ -^ -
The two Indictments found by the Grand
Jury were both for forging the name of
Judge Mogan to orders for the return of
bail money. I One. was for the Foster case,
for which Judge Mogan swore to the war
rant yesterday, and the other was In the
case of J. C. "Wilson, who was released
on a charge of vagrancy in $50 bail, and
the money was withdrawn by Sullivan on
a forged order. It will not be necessary
to draw up an indictment in the Foster
case, as the warrant has already been
executed. •'---•¦"¦...,¦:.:
-¦ Assistant District Attorney "Weller, who
is acting for I the District Attorney I in the
Sullivan ; matter," on learning of-, the I re
ducion' In bonds by i Judre / Conlan, • aslied
Judge Mogan to swear to a complaint for
Sullivan's arrest on the charge of forging
his name , to "the . order, for ; the : return : of,
$50 .bail money -in the case of Jennie Fos
ter, : charged ' with vagrancy in" hla court."
The J Judge - swore to the : complaint in
"From the 'testimony presented at the
last hearing I am satisfied that the crime
of forgery cannot be proved within the
purview of section 470 of the. Penal Code.
For that reason' I discharge the defend
ant.*' ..-.''."¦ - f : : . .
The evidence : referred ' to . by the Judge
was that "of J. O. Reis, cashier in the
Treasurer's office, who testified that he
did not * consider the indorsement on an
order essential; and that he only looked to
see that the signature of the Judge was
L i i i'i 1 1 1 1 1 . iftH J»iftlB.m || f '".W 'ii if 1 "W>i
t- The ; case against Sullivan for , forging
the name ' of Judge ' Cabaniss to an order
for the return of $1610 bail money put up
by "Wong <You for the release of fan tan
players oh. March 13 was called in Judge
Conlan's court yesterday. The defendant
was Instructed , as to his rights and the
case v continued ; till : Tuesday. Sullivan's
bail had been fixed at 12000 . cash , or $5000
bonds,". but , on application of the defend
ant's attorney '. the. bonds • were reduced . to
$2000. . - • " ¦ ". — ¦ -
As was ' anticipated the charge of for
gery against Danfel J. Sullivan for forg
ing the name of J. Evans to an order for
the return' of $250 bail money put up by
Evans for the release of Ella Thomas,
charged with disturbing the peace, in
Judge Conlan's" court was dismissed by
Acting Police Judge Long yesterday." ;,
The Judge was brief in his decision. He
said:" ,V • '¦¦ - ¦'• . v' ..
Evidence of Cashier Reis in His Favor
- Could Not Be Overcome.
STJLLIVAM" WINS IN ONE CASE.
I have ¦ not yet examined the other courts
and ' do not wish it to be thought that this
court has been selected as an object lesson In
any way. i The errors have extended over fifteen
months and. have now all been rectified, with
the exception - of the few cases, in dispute,
which are duly reported' on in the" schedule
attached, j '¦¦".;, ,»
On March 11 $250 ball was deposited in the
treasury to the credit of Sylvain. On March
14. an order, purporting to be drawn by Judge
Conlan, was paid In, Deputy Perkins states,
as part of the ¦ daily deposit of the warrant
clerk (he having- cashed the order for $250 as
an accommodation). On March 20, the prisoner
having been fined $250, another order was pre
sented for this amount by the County Clerk,
which was also cashed and placed to the credit
of fines account. As the last order is claimed
to be 'the original the matter rests between
Messrs.' Perkins and Petry. ',
" Russell Lowrey, ; bail"~$30O, - September 6;
drawn September 7; deposited In treasury, but
does not appear in ballbook.
. Gus Mooney, $20; in ballbook, not paid treas
ury.' -.¦¦•- ••. ¦ . ¦- •"-••'
James M. Forrest, ball deposited December
26 ($200): paid treasury ¦ January 11; drawn.
January 12. . .:/.'. -. . . -
-John Brown, $25; not in ballbook; deposited
March 20; drawn March 23. This is a curious
case, as there is no record of the man's arrest.
The following is a list of bail money In this
court, which . has been drawn irregularly and
which is now a matter of dispute between the
Judges of . the Police i Court and the Treasurer.
It is not the city's money and I see no reason
why- there should be any loss to the muncl
pallty: '¦•-;- " .
Frank Marshall, bail $100; deposited March, 22,
1901; drawn March 27.
J. D. Brooks, $100; deposited March 22; drawn
March 27. •'
H. Kenny, $100; deposited March 22; drawn
March 27. . ¦ "• - -¦ • . • . ¦•
Frank Marshall, $100;. deposited March 22;
drawn March 27. - -
J~D. Brooks, $100; deposited March 22; drawn
March 27.V ¦ ; • -
Bert Alburn, $100 ; deposited March 22; drawn
- March 27. \ .. ' ..",". • •
These prisoners wera released on April 3 on
their t>wn recognizance until May 1. ¦
Ah Hoy, bail $100; drawn March 18; dismissed
April 4. ••'. - • <.¦--:,:. ¦'¦.-.
Ella Thomas, ' $250; drawn March 30; case pend
ing-. - : ¦ ' .
Chong Suey, $230; drawn March 18; pending.
J. Kempke, $300; drawn March 18; pending. •
¦ Case of W. Sylvian. v^h'i
The case of "W. Sylvaln is also net regular. ;
In the warrant clerk" s * account ¦ ' with ' the
Treasurer In this court ..I have .not found
many irregularities, but note the following:
Some Irregularities Noted.
H There is . another . matter that requires atten
tion. I found that bails deposited in cases *of
drunkenness were seldom, If ever, forfeited;
they were .almost '. invariably • dismissed on the
calendar and -¦ :ballbobk. • On comparing : the
Judge's, book with 'the calendars I- found that
according- ; to '-his- record > some had been' for
feited. .- On .going through . the list, however,
with Judge 'Cpnlan; he remembered that some
had been ;"set aside" .afterwards .and others
he was not certain about. He selected a few
and- these fines the clerk has paid into the
treasury, protesting, however, that his record
of dismissals in the calendars was correct. ' It
is a matter. .between the Judge and the clerk;
there are some still unsettled and the Judge
has i ordered the - clerk to subpena the per
sons who signed receipts for the bail. If they
can be ' found, and ascertain what was done
in the cases. These last cases occurred before
the ballbooks came into possession" of the clerk
of the' court ¦ and few of the dismissals . are in
his handwriting. . ..,.'. '„.'.-.. . •
.The" proper way - to report on ¦ the warrant
clerk's books would be to compare all the
prison discharges with the bailbooks, and 'then
compare 'the latter "* with the .Treasurer's
books to see if all receipts had been deposited.
I consider the whole matter the. result of
laxity ; and carelessness .on the I part of the
clerk, and nothing else. . . . ¦ . •/''•¦'<'
Clerk Bice Was Careless.
' In his report Expert "Williams says 'he
examined the . accounts I from j January 1,
1900, to March 31, 1901, by comparing the
! cash books. with the court calendars, bail
books and Treasurer's books. His report
says: . ;¦_ . ¦¦_-. * ;•••':.•¥ .". .;-..,
I. find an apparent deficiency of $413.'. Part
of .this amount, < however, consists of fines
which are ;in the treasury to the credit of the
bail accounts and have' not been transferred.
I wi'.i have orders drawn on the treasury -for
the amount ($175),. signed by the Judge,, entered
in the cashbook and paid in to the credit ' of
fines. Another credit of $38 consists of lines
paid in the County Jail, ¦ for which the cleric
signed receipts, although he never received the
money. It was almost accidentally found to
be in the Sheriff's hands and had been paid
into the treasury as part of his receipts. ¦ For
the balance ($200) I made demand on- the clerk
and . he has duly paid the money Into the
treasury. -'--'¦--,. < , .
. . : . "' , ' - '...-¦ • I
Finds an Apparent Deficiency.
was not short *in -his accounts. :
Mayor Phelan's suggestion was made at
a meeting called by the Mayor yesterday
afternoon: \ After Expert Williams had
concluded the • reading- of his report the
Mayor, intimated that Rice should" be dis
charged. County Clerk Deane declined
to entertain the proposition. Mr. Deane
also expressed the opinion. that when the
tangle is finally straightened out it will be
found that there is money coming from,
the city to Rice instead of from Rice to
the city. >-1 •' £-"; : £ v ;. : l^-Jl
C. B. Perkins of the Treasurer's office,
Chief of Police Sullivan and the Mayor's
attorney, Daniel ¦ Murphy, were appointed
a committee to report to the Auditor, and
Mayor a plan by which bail money paid
into 'the treasury may bewithdrawn,--and
suggest an j ordinance for ' this . purpose to
be; adopted by the Supervisors. A report
will be made next Monday arid a large
amount' of bail money now tied up in. the
treasury will then be paid to the parties
rightfully claiming- ;the same. .- . .
As a result of a report made by Expert
."Williams regarding the bail bond irregu
larities in Police Court No. 2, Mayor Phe
lan yesterday suggested to County Clerk
Deane that if John P. Rice, the clerk of
the court. | was in his employ : he would
consider it his" duty , to discharge him.
County Clerk Deane responded that if he
believed Rice was guilty of any wrongful
act he would feel it his duty to discharge
him, but stated that after an Investigation
he had decided that Rice was in no sense
to blame, as the errors originated in the
warrant and bondclerk's office, and Rice
Expert ( Finds Apparent De
ficiency in the Fines
a' Account. ¦---..
County Clerk Deane Will
¦ Not Dismiss Police
Court Clerk. '
MAYOR WITS
RICE REMOVED
I -'- • • • ¦ • '¦ ¦ : ¦.':"'".¦¦ . . . •
THE SAN FRANCISCO 1' SUNDM^ -APRIL 21; 1901.
". Trapper" ¦ Oil cures rheumatism and neuralgia,
rn-ugrgrirta/ 60c flask. Richards & Co., 406 Clay.«
22
p. noscoE mcxiiijXY. m. n.
»OJ£ Rearny St, ha a Francisco, Csl-
DR.MQNULTY.
H^HIS WjfiLL-KXOVTJf AND RKLrA BLE OLD
X S pectal tilt caret Blood Poison, (Jonorrhcan.Oleet.
Stricture, Seminal Weakness. Impotcnc ami tbelr
allied Disorders. Rook on Diseases ot Men, fre«.
OverMyears' experience. Term* reasonable. Hours,
8to3dAiiy;8:30to3.30ev'Ks. Sundnrs.lOto 12. C»nMl-
tation free and sacredly confidential. Call oraddrou
. By Internal Rsmedies.
• L The only sure way *o cure every form of
piles Is to. use a remedy like the Pyramid
Pile Cure which is applied, directly to the
parts affected and its wonderful healing
effects are apparent f rr-m the first appli-
cation because the medicinal properties
are rapidly ' absorbed by tissues and sen-
sitive membranes of/.lie rectum, and the
cure Is made speedily, and. almost before
the patient is aware of it every trace of
piles has'left him., ; . . .
This is one of ,th3, reasons why the
Pyramid Pile Cure nas been so unlfornMv
successful. It . is . applied directly Jus't
where it . 13 : needed and where it will do
the most good. Not bv: the: roundabout
way of the stomach nor- by. the harsh, bar-
barious methods of various surgical oper-
ations and so-called systems. - r ¦..'-,
.Direct applications to the seat of disease
is the only rational .way, and this is fully
accomplished by the Pyramid Pile Cure.
If the voluntary testimony of thousands
who have tried this remedy Is worth any-
thing, then no sufferer has any excuse for
longer delaying in giving it a fair trial,
knowing that when vou do so The Pyra-
mid Pile Cure will . havfr made one more
friend, the best possible advertisement we
can . have. . The chief of the
remedy are: It cures without pajn. the
cure is lasting, it contains no poison, and
lastly, it . is the cheapest and Quickest
cure, yet found. Your - druggist can tell
you what it has done for others.
.Testimonials, of cures Irbm all parts of
the United States will* b« sent on appli-
cation to tha Pyramid Drug Co. of Mar-
shall, - Mich.* ¦ - .. ••-..-
YOU CANNOT CURE PILES
Cash
or*»
little
ata«*
time
Golden OaK Finish
Bureaus $8.00.
The bargain of a lifetime.' ' An «ak
finish oureau, with three large
drawers and diamond shaped bev-
eled mirror. As we pay no rent wa
can make you Just as low prices on
everything you can possibly -want
In housekeeping furnishings. . Just
try us and prove It.
THE J. NOON£N FURNITURE COMPANY
¦ ancorporated),
1 0 1 7- 1 023 Mission Street
Above Sixth. __ San Francisco.
, We close at 9 p.ja. mrj day tat 8»tnrd«»y.
111, 113.-115. 117. 119. 121 POST STREET,
7 cases hest hrands readn made SHEETS and PIL-
LOW CAS^jMloth hemmed and hemstitched, all laun-
dered and ready for use, at YeruJow prices. I
"2 cases' fine WHITE CALIFORNIA BLANKETS,
tkatf-iiuar ter tied size, pure wool and borders assorted.
0 Price $3.5O Pair
200 pairs TAPESTRY PORTIERES, with heaYQ
fringed ends, latest, colorings In stripes, Bagdad and
"Oriental patterns.
Price $4.OO and $4.50 Pair
200 pairs IRISH POINT CURTAINS, In Both cream
and white, allfast lockstitch edges, and entirety new
deSlffnS - . ' , Price S5.OO Pair
:: 300 pairs new ARABIAN CURTAINS, Doth slngls
and double horder, 31 yards long and extra width.
Price $6.50 to $15.00 Pair
275 pairs WHITE and ECRU LACE CURTAINS In
SAXONY and MADRAS NET, 38 verg handsome de-
slgns, full width and length, fast edges.
Price $3.00 Pair
SPECIALS.
We will place on sale this week large Im-
portations Of LACE CURTAINS in the follow-
ing makes! ARABIAN, BATTENBERG,' IRISH
POINT, MADRAS NET, SWISS, SAXONY,
COLONIAL NET and NOTTINGHAM.
I Don't you know that our house is a house full of features and money-saving:
possibilities? The principal feature with us, of course, is the showing up o^ the
handsomest and largest assortment of Juvenile Apparel? in all 5an Francisco: :/\ You
know there is no house "in it " with us ron styles and prices. You know that's
been proven and we keep on demonstrating our position. For Monday we quote
some special items. Of coursa you know^pn high-grade goods. : ;
ngzrz ¦¦¦> '^/^c^^ In that picture opposite "^^^ Some of the cleverest
Wi^^ \^ Ueasin Chevi6ls;in all
ffiffl^^t^^^^^ffl town by storm; it's the suit -J^Wh^s ' ie neib Plaids, all the
f^^7 lh6 y lik6 ' W6 TOeaw cha P s . 4"^S3'R|\ new mixtures, all the new
/m WffiPh fciW*M$>\ between the ages of '9 and yfllKI3S\% -'- i' • „• • e •*
AlfPli Bmmm 15 y^rs; jJt a /, air of eolonngs, zn Swvts,vn-
fWwW ; pi AM'&&^ mannishness about it for eluding an extra pair of
WWmmW le offered. yoii Monday in : . WSff^S^m: . The picture -brings to
iWWkn ISilSny Scotches, Tweed's, in Chev-.- :[ r ' : ¦ ' ' % v
ijBn ffl »» iots, in brWit colorings, ¦ : - y?™™^h^' our. Suits
Vr'll'w Wl^W Brownish Mixtures, the fef are built, with the broad
11 m m3 Mojie gray Mixtures, and B H extended shoulders, real
Si fi g I some Blues. We re willing % '' : j\m ¦ ; ¦ ; ;
(H 1 B I they should be V laced f IfM smart, you know.
• Xm v '¦ V alongside of anything in ¦ ¦* . w'-fk rrij - t ti
I |U< I Jv t0W *f° r $ 5 - Our price -M^ M < The yam* chaps : like
mf^ O y B 0 U Now, this Suit is really tone about 'em.
......................... ..¦im..7.. I mm;mimm worth - $ j^ , the 6x£ty& 5 V •
i .^^ ,y'i-\'-' Trousers are worth $1. \ ,
t Some novel ideas in * i 5jf J t^l^\ < i^^\ ' ia^ s $5'-_- H , .. -.¦¦ . ':', ¦' ! ... : . ¦ ¦ M\ -' ' S
: Sweaters are beinsr t W&S™$ 4r^^ fm W) We're gomg to give you , ¦. . p^Sd :
2 shown on our second t -^^ BS thv Suit, including the ¦
2 floor. ! If ili^ni 1 '1 §SlSflil( ' II fFIl I of Trousers, at 7/ ¦.j^.^s^t ¦ -.
l UMe r Z V TfpZ M^^^^M ~7fZ^ZZZaZIat '¦ « Hi A
the ages of 2L and 6, with / UW \ those nr'ptin Shirts me are \\W H fW\
tv ' 1 -i -if:-'- ... / ,i LmoY llOUots [Jr t/bbll kJlObl Lo Lut/ LVr t> \\\UI J II ffl Ml 1 1 I TasKM
Kniclier breeches; it s an f^\A W^ i ' * j> 7 ±i \vOSi \\m if TO
j.7'Lj v (f*i\ ¥ -ft showing for boys on the ¦ W 1 1 ffl I
awfully smart little suit; AC^)L \ f second floor? ' - - ' TWIW ffl W
we show several styles in / 1 //^ ¦ IMi fi'plilJn \)
blue, handsomely gotten \/W W^%\ It's a, very swell affair '-I IPF
up, handsomely tidm- ]/ EM •, 1\ V* /£ /J|?yrr77y^\ _^^^<^^z^^>-^^ <^^^>^»<^jsr^^^^ - r -' — * T \M 8 1 I f W fl £^ ~" H * "
med; we won't attempt f KfU ll IJ il|L woe^
to tell you what, these VmW^W^'Mp '^^^^'¦^5^ f "
., J t, ,-, \ m"Ml^^MhrL^ i ifalr -i 1 , ¦ between the ages.-vf-.-3,rand .,.¦¦'.:¦•-' ¦¦¦^\\\u-y-'--Wi •¦"¦-¦ i ¦'¦'''
suits are really worth; we \ v f|Mf|Hf I , 8, with its manb/ little - ' ¦ '-'H / :
merely say that they will \\ hi Double-breasted Vest. A' rmi'iv-Hl W I
be on sale in our Juvenile Y^WmS^^m^ r lot °f sweet s P rLn $ color - *' ¦ ' %|I,V W " /
T>e-nn-rtmpn+ n+ \\ iPW^iT M ings, cute conceits, and a . -Jlflt /.
JJepai tment at \^ M|iy^ ,JJ Ug selection to pick from, at #i >WL;\ (
Vr. .' . <|>. ' l
Things are never done by halves rf^H^fe^, " *^^SR> /5mfcm^< While we are an up-to-date house
with us; we can keep you busy for l2 %i43l <&t J^M l^5#^SsSai) a * h °T 9 - fasf "' ons '. yet SC . me peOf " e
, . . ' * ' ' , ij| Kil^rfiS/ n. W3 ssm&=n izr^tn Rfi5Sr«-«»3 > characterize our house by say. no
days showing you fashions, and all #4fe^^^fefe=^'M^#lfflj^i /«4r B igMF&T we ' re U P to tfie minuie ' and we ' re
swell ones, not clone in Juvenile h 1 Hi ?M^t 'HI ra'^L S'^^^^y^^ '"-¦ especially up to the minute in the
Apparel, but in Men's Apparel as *|HE SUy'lB ®i^8^ffi»^ > ®* CcmnFolCF&OHtvrJT beautiful Hat fashions wheh we're
wel/ *$g?^W i 'PRfflf K^^ *- OBN ™j5^ KncTi r. 1 ' . showing for Boys — for big ones as
I ••_'• MikwSfonxm, Unioh Square Avc. -^ »«.// « m > ones. . . . . . . [
B&* THE HOUSE THAT* LIKES 7V\/\IL ORDERS. "^J , .' ".
Curtains, Portieres,
Blankets, Bedspreads.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ADVEBTISEMEUTS.
| THE BLACK GOODS HOUSE
1 1106 Market Street.
B TELCfHOKE SOUTH 472. i
I A handsome Dress Skirt, prop-
| erly cut to hang with stylish
I effect, has aided us in building
I a large business. \
a New Dress Slurts !
% a * #^
y S^L* New Dresa Skirts
§ at. ....$7.50 ;
I ,^<v New Dress Skirts i
| [\*Wi at.... $10.00
I I f\ ][« New Dress Skirt3
I J }JL/ at.... $12.50 !
i (J P^\ New Dres3 Skirts
§ tf j \ \ at $15.00
I \ I I New Silk Dress
I \J 1 Skirt3.. $12.50 i
j V \ New Silk Dress \
1 jn\ V Skirts.. $15.00 i
New Silk Dres3
-C^-^^ Skirts
! ; 17i 50 to J3Q
Thorough satisfaction guaranteed In
our uttering and fitting a bora \
garments. &
R. T. KENNEDY COMPANY J
¦
1 *!PSsJ^ About the ones we are selling at^VyC* I
H -^O/-» ff $3-5° P er pair for men or women, \ <f"0 . 9
ffiVofo M >' ou read of values that speak the \ •A0^|
B Wftjr truth. Twenty-three years of sue-. - \r ¦-¦ i
p cessful business in San Fran- p^»Jl
&^^/ cisco — twenty-three years of
W^t faithfully sen-ing the public with \^S|
S f faithful values, has given us a rep- V JB
»^ utation that is far-spread, indeed '^T^
H. *— a reputation that you can bank i
JP||I|. on. Folks from .the interior will - •- Jm
g 7^^^ . . save money by. sending to us. for ...KEITH'S— largest 'line trimmed -hats In
U.'.'S..; under the personal supervision of
Mme. Alma E. Keith, 808 Market street,
Phelan building.; --' ?-*.-.; . . ¦¦ -. • ,?
eras CITY OF PLACERVTLLE-Elizabetli
A. TJIchnmnn as executrix of the will of
llartha E. VI lchmann. ha« sued the city of
Pl&eervnie to recover J13.959 io on bonds issued
by the defendant on November 14, 1S63, for the
of the Fire Department of Placerrfllc
Prisoners Sentenced.'
- H. Anheiser, -the hotel: sneak thief ..who
was convicted on a charge of .burglary in
Judge l Cook's court I for I stealing t an : over
coat from -the 'Palace -Hotel ton February
12, was yesterday sentenced to three and
a half years in San Quentin. John West,
a boy' 16 years of age, was sent' to the
Whittier- Reform School.'- :
Question of. Major Lewis' Sanity.
The case of "Major"' Lewis, who was
acquitted on a charge of forgery by a jury
in Judge Lawlor's court a week ago on
•the ground -of- insanity, was -called In
Judge LawJor's court yesterday. The de
fendant's attorney 'wanted the Judge to
refer the question as to 'Lewis' sanity to
the Insanity Commissioners, but the Judge
•decided to take the matter under advise
ment for a week-
Portola's Anniversary.
For "Writing an Insultinir Letter.
William TardeHa. a fifteen-year-oM boy
vas r.rrested by United States Marshal
Shir.o yesterday morning on complaint of
the Postoffice Inspectors. He is charged
with having written an obscene and in-
F'jHmgr letter to Miss OraFalkner of 921 1 4
Mission street on April 17. His case will
be heard «n Monday by United States
Commissioner Heacock.
Police Judge's Hat Stolen.
A sneak thief entered Judge Fritz's
chambers yesterday morning and stole a
$5 hat, which he '.had just purchased to
wear on a -few days' irlp to the south.
The thief left a battered old "tile" so that
the Judge would not be without some sort
of covering for his head. He had to in
vest in another $5 hat.' but' he would give
ten times the amount to find the thief.' *
California Northwestern Railway will
run an excursion to TTkiah Sunday.' April
2S Fare for round trip $2.00. Each ticket
T in o S^T° s a seat - Depart from Tiburon
ferry S:30 a. m. On return leave Ukiah
£2V?' ™- * T ; okcte °» "ale at ticket office,
CO Market street and Tiburon ferry.
Many Laborers Join Union.
An enthusiastic open meeting of the
Laborers' Protective Union '. No. 8944 was
held last night at 1320 Howard street for
the purpose of inducing laboring men to
become members of the union:* The meet-
Ing was well attended. Thomas Westoby
acted as chairman. Speeches explaining
the principles and aims were, made by R.
T. Gamble of. the - Stablemen's ¦ Union,'
Alexander Dijea, secretary of • the Musi
cians' Union, and a member of the Milk
men's'Union ;H: Gallagher, assistant sec
retary ¦' of the Labor Council: Grand Or
ganizer Pierce of the . 'American ¦ Federa
tion of Labor. Unions; John; McCartney,
Edward Rosenberg, secretary of the
Labor. Council; J. Wiedmann, presi
dent of the Laborers' ': Protective Union,
and Michael Fox. treasurer, of the Labor
ers' Protective Union. . The opinions and
statements favorable to- the union which
were. advanced by the speakers , were lib-'
erally applauded. At the conclusion of the
I speechmaklng the majority of the labor
ers present advanced to the- platform and
affixed their names to the membership
roll. •;'¦ * •: " ¦:':-::¦
SECTTEES HABEAS CORFX73
WKIT TO RELEASE THILOW
Son-in-I*aw Eaton Takes Steps to
Contest the Commitment to
Insane Asylum.
Habeas corpus proceedings to secure
the release from the insane asylum of
C. A Thilow, formerly proprietor of the
Oberon saloon and cohcert-hall, on
O'Farrell street, have been taken by the
prisoner's son-in-law, Russell Eaton.
Through his attorneys. Knight & Heg
gerty, Eaton yesterday appeared before
judge Lawlor and - procured -a writ. -
Later in the day he left for Napa to per- '
sonally supervise Its service and return
to the city with the alleged insane man.
Family differences are alleged to have
been the cause of -Thilow's arrest. All
who have had busines.5 dealings with him
admit that he was cranky, but declare
that he never gave such evidence of fail
ing mind as would lead to his restraint in
an asylum. A bitter fight Is expected, as
Tailor is said to be possessed of some
property.
Easton, who applied for the writ, is a
son of the treasurer of the local tele
phone company. He married a daughter
of Thilow's first wife. The latter has
married again and Is now residing In
Berkeley. Thilow's present wife, whom,
he married about eight years ago. Is con
siderably younger than him. . •
.The shake-up of sergeants and turnkeys
in the City Prison,. told about in yester
day's Call, has created widespread con
sternation 1 among the members of the Po
lice ¦¦'. Department. Rumors of other
changes of . more » importance" are afloat
and; as the result the men" who have been
enjoying soft berths are momentarily ex
pecting to lose them. Yesterday, the
policemen 'who' were from duty
in the : prison and their fortunate suc
cessors appeared before Captain Wittman
and were .instructed Is. to, their new du
ties.' 5 •¦;. , ¦] .'"--¦¦:.•.; rr:- - v
Despite the reticence of Chief Sullivan
It is knowm that he has long . suspected
that certain men who were attached to
the prison were in combination with Police
Court attorneys and receiving money for
their "tips" concerning prisoners .who
were; locked up in the tanks. Frequently
when a suspected crook was "small
booked" the favored attorneys would
learn his -name long before Caatam of
Detectives Seymour received a report of
the arrest. ¦ Convinced that the attaches
of the prison were giving out the infor
mation Chief Sullivan decided to clean out
the entire gang. Their • successors have
been warned against favoring the hun
gry-crowd of attorneys who hang about
the prison and impose upon the unfortun
ate inmates. A violation of the- warning,
the Chief wants it understood, will result
in the -offending policeman being 'deprived
ef his Btar. .' . '-'
It is reliably said that he has under con
sideration the changing of other sergeants
at the Central station 'and possiblv sev
eral . detective -sergeants. Captain Sey
mour,, who has charge of the Detective
Department, has-been consulted by him
as -to the advisability of ¦- supplanting
some of the older detectives with youngei
and more active members of the "uDper
office." but as yet nothing definite has
been agreed upon* -,*..-
WEARERS OF STARS
FEELING DISTURBED
FEELING DISTURBED
Rumors of Further Changes
. : ; Excite the Police De
: ; • r \ partment.
Major P. J. Harney, ex-Harbor Commis
sioner, was tendered a -surprise party at
his home, .1521 Masonic avenue, last night.
Major Harney's water front' associates
were present and a large "number of his
many political j friends ¦ also attended to
offer congratulations and join in the mer
rymaking. The occasion of the affair, was
the major's retirement from . the Harbor
Commission • and all I united ¦ in i testimony
of his efficiency and popularity. The as
sembly, 200 strong,- invaded the major's
house a" little before 9 o'clock and made
merry till a late hour in speech making
and feasting. : ' • * .
M. A; Devine introduced Major Harney
to the guests^ after which ex-Governor
Budd addressed the company. He spoke
,of his long.friendshipWith the major and
.the regret which * he relt with all others
at his retirement. He said that Major
Harney's longand successful political ca
reer had been one of which any one might
be Justly nroud. : - * .
Major Harney responded, with gratitude
at the honor conferred upon him, stating
how highly he valued. the good opinion. of
the friends who had gathered at his home
and expressing the wish . that ¦ he might
retain their friendship throughout the re
mainder of his life., -.',>.
A^ quartet rendered several songs. : The
Misses : Harney and ' Miss Fleming also
sang and received ; hearty applause. - Mrs.
Harney, her three daughters, v Miss . May
Reynolds and .Miss Rose Ryan attended
to, the serving of the' banquet' and were
the subjects of frequent toasts. - Mark De
vine was "toastmaster and. the following
named responded briefly, testifying to the
high esteem ' in - which . Major Harney • is
held' by his friends -and business associ
ates: = -• V, ' ." '.<¦ ¦ '.< ••-¦ ¦¦-" ¦,. '
¦ Ex-Senators Raw and McGanney, E." S. :
Malloy, R.C. Craft,' J. J. Seary,H: Har
old. M.. J..McGrath,-F. Skelly, J. Roan,
E. Buckley, Captain P. Brown, M. J. Cur
tin, W. Ferrel.rD. Considine. P/ Hender
son, D. - J.- Flemming. H.- Ryan;' Captain
Brock and R.J. O'Reilly. - . -w.- '*--- .•« -v
Regrets were • read from . President • K11-"
burn and- Rudolph Herold of the ~ Harbor
Commission. ¦ ; ; ~" ; - ';•...'. __
Ex-Harbor Commissioner Is
Given Reception on
. r Retirement.
FRIENDS OF HARNEY
MEET AT HIS HOME
'A- fire -out in "Cartown," on the Ocean
Beach, or Forty-eighth avenue, between 'I
and J streets, at 6:30 o'clock last night
destroyed the four-story frame dwelling
occupied by Dennis O'Brien and damaged
the' adjoining dwelling owned. and occu
pied by J. Seebein. The boiling over of a
pot of lard on. the stove in O'Brien's house
was the cause of the fire. The house was
originally built for a' tank house, but was
transformed into a residence. The heavy
timbers of which "it was constructed
burned fiercely.
Lack of water prevented effective work
by the Fire Department. Engines 36 and
22 responded, and when it was seen that
the O'Brien place was doomed a 1 bucket
brigade was organized by the men of En
gine 36, -and all: energies were directed
toward saving the adjoining house.
O'Brien's loss is estimated • at $1300 and
Seebeln's at $200.
FIRE DESTROYS TWO
OCEAN BEACH HOUSES
Lack of Water Prevents Ef
fective Work by Fire
' Department.
The Fire Cominission Intends
.Making Sullivan a..
- ;.- .Chauffeur.
The introduction of . the , automobile into
the San "Francisco Fire ' jj Department , is
soon to .occur, and Chief Sullivan' is : to
be the first man equipped with the latest
annlhilator of space, j The machine which
the Chief will use is . to be made • by an
Eastern 'firm,- and. according- to" present
plans will be the speediest one on. the
coast. ; '..•'¦¦ ' : - <
I At a meeting of: the Fire Commissioners
yesterday thev matter- of' procuring- the
automobile was thoroughly discussed anu
met with the approval of the entire board.
" Chief Sullivan drew the attention of the
Commissioners -to *the obstructions in the
streets east of First and south of Market
streets. Hestated that the sidewalks and
both sides of the roadways were occupied
by lumber. piles and junk to such an ex
tent that it was ' almost • impossible to
reach the. hydrants. • - The- Commissioners
wererequested to call the attention of the
Board of Public Works and also the Chief
of Police to the'nulsance. - "- ¦
• The Chief- was . instructed to • report . to
the. Commissioners where', more hydrants
are necessary/ the Commissioners promis
ing to place them in • position. - •'-
A company, to 'be known as Engine 37
is soon -to. be -formed and -will be located'
; at Twenty-third and Florida streets. Fol
lowing are the members of the-new com
pany: • ,r ./ ¦ : v ¦ •'-¦ ¦••' . ' •. ' '.
William Holmes, captain; Ed^Dougher
ty, ' engineer; | M. , Barrett, ¦ driver: J. I F.
O'Donnell.' stoker; George ; Lahiisen, ' M.
O'NeilJ, ' William - Taylor, hosemen. ¦ .
.The .following:. appointments " ; from the
waiting list were made:"' " "' ' ..".
'.?E. O'Neill, driver, engine .20;- S. H. Si
mon,-hoseman, ; chemical 1; > J. - Driscoll,
hoseman, engine -'20; -M. "Wadsworth,
hoseman, engine 36. . v; ' -•.'• ' -
WILL ANSWER ALARMS
IN AN AUTOMOBILE
by kindness of the managers and by first
class amateurs:
Vocal selections by the Columbia Quartet,
J. C. Flood, J. Donohue, G. C. Wallace and J.
Col gran; vocal solo, Cecil Cowles of the.Or
pheum; specialties, Ed Higgins and A. Fletch
er of the Columbia Minstrels; .barytone solo,
Hugo Herzer; heel and toe danctngby Master
Montague Barton; basso solo, Professor Sandy;!
instrumental music by the band; monologue,
Henry Auerbach of Army and Navy Parlor,,
who appeared. as Teddy Roosevelt; card mani-
with a star which bore upon it the in
scription "Sulli-van, Chief of Police."
A Monster Gavel.
A rap with the monster gavel, which
is the size of a ship calker's maul, was
the signal for silence, and then Barton's
band, with "Professor Sousa" as leader,
played appropriate music. Then there was
the following programme, the numbers
being by professionals from the theaters
pulation by J. Warren Keane; tenor solo, Wil
liam O'Brieh, Cakewalk, Fred O'Connell and
William Patch; vocal duet, the. Ball Brothers;
vocal solo by "The- Only' Lennie" ; ragtime
music, Professor McMany; .vocal solo, H. Cole
man: selections, the Emerald Glee Club;
Diano selections. Professor Purcell; vocal se
lections, the -Columbia trio; vocal , solo, J. B.
Whittemore, great " grandson of Commodore
Sloat; dialect -¦ stories. Jack Holland; ¦" coon
songs, Newton Lambert of the Columbian Min
strels: -barytone solo, George Cheney; banjo
solo, Henry Apoleby; . selections,-' . California
Minstrel -Quartet; funnyistns, 'Tom Mahoney,
GRAND OFFICERS OF THE GRAND PARLOR, N.S.-G. W;
and His Belt Opportunely
Catches on' a Hook.
Charles Smith Sundered Senseless
HANGS SUSPENDED FROM
TOP OP A LIGHT POLE
. Charles Smith, an employe of the Mu
tual Electric Light Company, was
knocked senseless by a live wire at the
top of a pole in front of the ferry build
ing last evening. As he was about to
plunge to the pavement below, his belt
caught on one of the hooks In the pole
and he remained suspended in the air
and unconscious in the sight of thousands
of people until secured by a rope and
lowered to the ground. He recovered
later In the Harbor Hospital.
Smith was in the act of repairing: a
lamp connection when he came in contact
with the live wire. It was just at a time
when the crowds were hastening to catch
an Oakland bound boat and hundreds of
people heard his cry and -saw him plunge
forward. All expected to see the unfor
tunate lineman strike the pavement, but
he. had descended scarcely more than two
feet when his belt caught on a hook
driven in a pole and he stopped ¦ in his
downward flight.
Smith hung there, apparently dead, until
a. line was fastened to his body and he
was lowered to the ground. Life was
found to still exist and the Harbor Hos
pital physicians succeeded in restoring
the man to consciousness after an hour's
work. Smith was badly burned about the
hands. He was later removed to his
home, 302 Sutter street.
Ex-Supervisor Micah Doane of the firm of
Doane & Co. died suddenly at his late res
idence, 105 Twelfth street, at 11 o'clock on
Friday night. The deceased had been
prominent among the- merchants —. and
business men of the city front for th» last
forty years, during which time he had fol
lowed the draying -and hauling .business.
He came to San Francisco from his native
State, Massachusetts, in 4S52. He repre
sented the Eleventh "Ward In the Board of
Supervisors during the years of 1830-81 and
held the position of acting Mayor for six
! months during the absence in the East of
Mayor Kalloch.
For some time past Mr. Doane had been
complaining of heart trouble, and it was
his wish that when the end came It should
come as it did— suddenly arid without suf
fering. • ¦ • . .
The surviving family .consists of a
widow, two sons. Frank and George, and
two daughters, Ida and Alice. The fun
eral will take place from Masonic Temple.
Post and' Montgomery streets? to-morrow
afternoon at 2 o'clock under the auspices
of Mount Moriah Lodge of Masons.- De
ceased was in his 66th year.
FOR many years in the past the
delegates to the Grand Parlor of
the Native Sons who came to San
Francisco on their way to the
place of meeting were on the eve
of departure entertained .by Stanford Par
lor, but last night the entertainment was
given by the Past Presidents' Associa
tion. It was in the nature of a first-class
high Jinks and for a first effort . in that
line the new association scored a mag
nificent success. That was the opinion
of more than BOO natives of the Golden
State, who were kept in the best of hu
mor from S o'clock until late after mid
night.
FORMER SUPERVISOR
DOANE PASSES AWAY
Henry S. Martin, the grand treasurer,
was the sire of the Jinks, with J. Emmett
Hayden of Tamalpais Parlor as general
talent Introducer. At the opening of the
Jinks the sire was presented by the asso
ciation with a monster gavel of highly
polished wood, mounted with silver bands
and decorated with the colors of the or
der Then, to preserve order, in case
there should be any disturbance, the sire
appointed "W. P. Johnson, a six-footer
from Sequoia Parlor, and decorated him
Had Been Prominent in Busi
ness Circles for Forty !
Years.
the comedian; Spanish dance. Miss Conchita
and Signor Martinez; the. musical kings, Ros
coe and Suris; monologue, J. Symmonds of
Fischer's; song, "Beyond the Gates of Para
dise," :by F. A. Krone.
After the close of the theaters a num
ber of professionals entered the hall, and
added by their specialties to the
ment of those present.
Will Depart TorDay.
Last ¦ evening about forty of the dele
gates who did not care to travel in a
crowd left for Santa Barbara by the 7:30
train. . This morning all the delegates who
are here will take a special flyer for the
place of rendezvous, and on Monday will
be ready to proceed to the business which
will . occupy their attention during the
several days they are to be in session.
As has already been announced, there
will be a great deal of business to tran
sact, and . the election of the grand offi
cers will be an important feature of the
session. - « ¦ ¦ :
For the first time in years, Henry Lun
stedt; the very popular secretary, will
have opposition in the person of Delegate
Jones of Los Angeles, who aspires to be
"the recording angel" for the Native
Sons. The other great contests will be
for the office of grand trustee, and there
will be some contests for some of the
mifior offices. ¦ •'.-••¦
United States Marshal Shine, with six
Deputy Marshals and ten attaches
of the Chinese Bureau, under Dr.
Gardner, made a sudden descent
en Chinatown yesterday afternoon
and, amid scenes of intense excite
ment, chopped .their way with axes Into
the slave brothels and took into custody
more than a score and a half of shrieking.
terrified females, who knew not and could
rot be made to understand what It all
meant. Half of those caught in the drag
ret were later released, but the officers
v.-ene compelled to work quickly and they
gathered In every woman and girl found
in the disreputable places, to be held until
the sifting process that came afterward
should determine which of the prisoners
were entitled to eo free. •
The raid was the immediate result of
orders received from the Attorney Gen
eral at Washington by United States Dis
trict Attorney Woodworth, directing him
to do all in his power to suppress the
traific In female Chinese slaves In this
city. It was the most exciting raid, as it
was tha most unexpected, that ever oc
curred in the Chinese quarter and created
consternation among the Mongolian slave
owners.
At exactly 4 o'clock the raiders, in 'citi
zens' clothes, came down Jackson street
from Stockton and turned into Sullivan
alley. Immediately their axes were cutting
at the doors of the brothels and the terri
fied shrieking and screaming, were'
draped from their berths.
The Chinese were taken completely by
purprlse. They scarcely realized what was
happening until wholesale arrests were be
;r:g made. The body of officers marching*
into the alley did not attract the attention
it would have at any other time, as the
work of renovating the bouses by the
Board of Health was going on and. the
streets were packed with Mongolians and
loiterers, who had gathered to watch the
cleansing operations. .
Alarm Quickly Sounded.
After Marshal Shine and his deputies
had etruck the first blow the alarm was
quickly sounded by the keepers of the
houses. Immediately Chinatown became
a. ecene of -wild commotion. Women shout
*>d from windows, while others hastened
to bar the doors against the invaders. As
quickly as the doors splintered under the
heavy blows and the girls were made pris
oners the scene of activity extended to the
street as the arresting officers carried the
struggling girls to a location selected for
their reception.
The cries of the frightened females at
tracted grreat attention and crowds
swarmed In through the gates of the for
bidden territory. The owners of the
houses rushed to the front to enter their
protests. Then came Mongolians, who
claimed xromen as their wives as they
were brought down the narrow stair
ways. None seemed to comprehend the
meaning of the proceedings and terror
struck the hearts of the denizens as they
were seized and hustled Into the street.
The escapes were numerous. It is esti
mated that at least eighty women, in
mates of houses on Baker court and Sul
livan alley, availed themselves of the op
portunities presented by back alleys and
roofe to elude their pursuers. These wo
men were soon scattered throughout the
entire quarter and their identity as slave
irlrls was soon lost. Many of them
climbed to the roofs of adjacent build
ings and watched the commotion in the
streets below until the raiders had fin
ished their work and departed with the
last of their prisoners.
Make a Big Haul.
In the course of a few moments "every
brothel was emptied of its occupants.
Nearly 150 rooms were visited, but with
the exception of those entered during the
first few moments of the rail, they were
deserted and the occupants had flown.
"When the work of raiding ceased Mar
shall Shine had just thirty-four prisoners.
Dr. Gardner and Interr>reters Da Silva
and Rickards then began the examina
tions. Sixteen girls produced either court
papers or certificates and were released
The other eighteen were held In custody,
'i'he efforts of the Mongolians to save
the women from being taken away were
interesting. Certificates by the handful
were presented and some of tha females
were each claimed by as many as a dozen
men as their wives. • The officials were
too shrewd for the wily Mongolians, how
ever, and enly those who had a right to
go were liberated.
Last night the brothels were in dark
ress. but excitement styi reigned in the
Chinese quarter. The women who man
aged to escape the raiding: party kept
under cover and it is said that they will
not risk returning- to their -old quarters
for some time.
In the raiding party under Marshal
Shine were Deputies Farish, De Lancie.
Buraham. Gambol, Bellas' and Morse.
From the Chinese bureau were Inspectors
Gardner. Barbour, Lynch* Boyce, Tip
petts. McAllister, Gassaway,' Dunn. GJes-
Firsr and interpreters Rickards and Da
Bflvm.
The Tconipn prisoners will be- taken be
fore the Federal courts to determine
wh*>th<>r they have a legal right to re
main In this country and if they are held
in hoT>r!a.ere as, the chattels of masters,
who ob.'jre tnesi to Jead - disreputable
lives. The power of the authorities will
Ftop at this point, but -th». officials are
confident that the deportation of a num
ber of- slave erirlf* will dampen the ardor
°f the ave dealers and partially destroy
tne traffic in human flesh.
Thirty-Ftrar Shrieking Females Taken
Into Custody, but Sixteen of Them
Are Afterward Released. ¦
Marshal Shine and Posse De
scend Upon Mongolian
Quarter.
SLAVE GIRLS
ARE DRAGGED
FROM DENS
The Federal Authorities
Cause Consternation
in Chinatown.
BOARD WILL
REDUCE SIZE
OF CLASSES
School Directors Agree
to Limit Each to
Fifty Pupils.
More Teachera Must Be. Ap
pointed When Plan Is:
Adopted.
Denman Alone Stands in Opposition,
Still Claiming Tnat Sixty Chil
dren Should Be Minimum.
The Board of Education has decided,
that Its present classification requiring an
attendance of flfty-five pupils In tha pri
mary classes is too high and steps will in
all likelihood be taken to reduce that
number to fifty, to go into effect at tha
beginning of the next school term. The
higher classification Inaugurated by the
board has all along been steadily opposed
by Superintendent of Schools "Webster,
who Has contended that fifty pupils in ona
class, would result In better work and
more satisfactory progress. Director*
Kincaid, Mark and Casserly have finally
come to the conclusion that "Webster is
right and a lower classification will be in
augurated.
Director Denman stands alone In his
contention that where there are sixty in
a class the pupils achieve better results.
It is not thought likely that Denman will
agree to support his colleagues in adopt
ing a rule limiting the number of pupils
to fifty in a class. In this connection it is
interesting to" note Denman's change of
opinion to that entertained by him in 1S75.
when he was Superintendent of Schools.
In his report of that year, filed with the
Board of Education, Denman Incorporated
the report of his deputy. Joseph ilejrgett.
who under the caption "Too Many Puplla
Assigned to a Teacher" says:-
I have no reason to chance or modify, my
views on this subject during the past year. I
would reiterate my opinion as expressed In my
last report that not more than forty grammar
pupils nor more than fifty primary pupils ought
to be assigned to any one teacher.
The foregoing was submitted to the then,
Superintendent Desman, who in his re
port to the Board of Education saya:
I herewith present the report of the Deputy
Superintendent and auk you to carefully con
sider his suggestions and recommendations.
Denman may, however, submit to an
other change of opinion and may ulti
mately fall In line with his colleagues in
effecting the lower classification. It is a
fact that some classes are overcrowded
with fifty-rive pupils, as often there are
not sufficient accommodations for them.
The practical result of lessening the
number of pupils in each class will be the
employment of at least twenty-five addi
tional teachers. If the Auditor's recom
mendation that $37,000 additional to tha
amount set aside last year for teachers'
salaries be accepted by the Supervisors
the Board of Education will see its way
clear to lower the classification and em
ploy more teachers. In that event the
teachers about to be displaced by others
who will return from long leaves of ab
sence will all be taken care of.
Henry Lunstecit Prepares to Meet an Opponent
From Lbs Angeles Who Aspires to Be ,
Recording Angel for the Order.
NATIVE SONS ARE RESDY TO LEAVE FOR THE PLACE OF RENDEZVOUS
AT SANTA BARBARA FOR WEEK OF PLEASURE AND BUSINESS COMBINED
Delegates Are Entertained at a High Jinks on the
Eve of Their Departure for the South. ;
Henry S. Martin Wields Gavel.
Pages 23 to 32
Pages 23 to 32
SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, APRIL 21; 1901.
Next Tuesday evening: fortoia uouncil
of the Young Men's Institute will give an
entertainment -and dance In Golden Gate
Hall In celebration of Its fourth anniver
sary- ¦¦ A f eature of the entertainment will
be the presentation of a farce, "The, First
Time," by the following named members
of the Audley Dramatic Club: . Marx Pel
tret. Mabel Iva .Turner. LJIllan M. Qttlnn,
Garner S. Stenhouse. Frank P. Scully and
"Walter Radius. The committee of ar
rangements declares that the affair will
be "an artistic success." .- ¦ vSCENES AND INCIDENTS AT THE ANNUAL INTERCOLLEGIATE FIELD DAT, IN WHICH THE UNIVERSITY OF
CALIFORNIA ATHLETES LOWERED THE COLORS OF THE MEN FROM STANFORD. BERKELEY'S
BRAWNY SONS FAR OUTCLASSED THEIR OPPONENTS.
If you ever accomplish any good it will
he because you saw wood. It won't hap
pen by chance.
Corporation of Millions.
A certified copy of the articles of incor
poration of the American Can Company,
organized under the laws of New Jersey,
were filed in this city yesterday. The eor
poration purposes manufacturing cans,
though it reserves the privilege of carry
ing on other enterprises, from operating
railway and steamship lines "to digging
for precious metals. The capital stock is
$53,000,000, of which $5000 has been sub
scribed. The directors of record are:. G.
Sumner, A. P. Bartlett, W. E. Dwight, J.
C. Walker and J. J. Treacy.
Says Husband Was Cruel.
Emma Grassmann filed suit against
Frederick Grassmann yesterday for di
vorce, alleging cruelty as cause of action.
Mrs. Grassmann says her husband, who
is a baker, frequently threw her across
the room and otherwise abused her.
LONDON, April 20.— War and politics
have taken a back seat for the day
throughout the United Kingdom, where
the sole absorbing topic of national im
portance Is the great football match • at
Crystal Palace /or the possession of the
association cup. The Sheffield United and
the Tottenham Hotspurs were the two
teams competing in the final.
Sheffield won the toss, kicked off
promptly at 3:30 p. m., and after eleven
minutes' warm play; scored the first goal.
Shortly afterward the Hotspurs were
awarded a free kick for a foul, . which
evened matters. The result was a draw,
two all. * . * -.' ..'.
ENGLISH FOOTBAIiL .
GAME ENDS IN" A TIE
. A tremendous cheer greeted little Cado
gan and McCaughern as they toed the
mark in the opening event, the 100-yard
dash. Both men were sent off by Starter
Pnil Wand and they sped toward the tape
as on the wingrs of the wind. Cadogan
showed his superiority as a sprinter and
won easily. When Brown beat Hamilton
out by a narrow margin in the next heat
the California rooters yelled with Joy.
The final heat was run fifteen minutes
The Ball Opens.
California seemed to be invincible.
Whether it was familiarity with the track,
condition or better men Is a mooted ques
tion, but at all events all three helped
California win the day.
greatest ever achieved by the California
track team. . . '; .-.•'.
The day was ideal for record breaking.
Not a breath of air was stirring, yet the
atmosphere was balmy and invigorating.
The cinder path was springy and in fine
shape. Coupled with these important es
sentials, it was the annual field day of
the two institutions of learning and the
partisans of both were there in large num
bers to root for their respective repre
sentatives. The University of California
naturally had the largest aggregation in
the grounds and the noise generated by
the rooters under the leadership of Ring
leader Schwartz could be heard in Oak
land. The blue and gold students and
their band occupied the baseball bleachers
that were set up inside the grounds for
the occasion. Stanford's rooters were on
the opposite side of the field, and between
events repartee and badinage flew back
and forth like a game of shuttle-cock.
Few chances were given Stanford to
awake from a deep lethargy — once when
Zschokke won the mile walk and again
when one of the team distinguished him
self by a first place. It is true that the
Stanford . team was cheered to the echo,
j but seldom was the cardinal slogan heard
! in acclaim for a victory.
CALIFORNIA 85, STANFORD 32.
RECORDS BROKEN.
lOO-yard dash — Cadogan (C),
:10.~ Coast and Intercolle
,giate. v
Mile walk— Zschokke (S.),
7:09 4-5. Intercollegiate.
Mile run — Service ' (C),
, 4:37 4-5. ! intercollegiate.
220-yard hurdle— Powell (C.)^
. . :26. Coast record equaled.
220-yard dash — Cadogan (C),
:22 3-5. Coast record.
High jump— Powell (C.) and
Cooley'(C), 5 feet lOinches.
Intercollegiate record.
16-pound-shot put — Plaw (C),
42 feet 7 1-2 inches.
16-pound-hammer throw from
9-foot circle (exhibition)
171 feet 2 inches. World's
record. ' ..
2331. SIXTH RACE— Mile and a sixteenth;
polling; four-year-olds and up; purse, $400.
Index. Horse, Wt. Jockey. St. %. Str. Fin..
(2296) Donator, 6, 107... Ransch 4 14 12 13
<2258)Goldone. 4. 109.Basslnger 3 3 6 3 5 2 ns
,<227<>) MacGyle, 4, 106.Domnick 2 2 h 2 3 3 6
22G8 Cue. 4, 106 Russell 6 4 4 4 6 4G
2318 Twinkler. 6. 107-Matthws 16 6 5 6
2306 Sunello. 4. 10S....Materne 5 5 10 5 3 6
Time— 1-16. :06%: U. :25; %. :49%: 9i. 1:14U:
mile. 1;41%; 1 l-16m, 1-.4SU. Good start. Wbh
easily. Second and third driving. Winner, C.
Mulholland's br. g. by Imp. Brutus-Miss Gift.
Donator Is displaj'Ing rare form. ¦ It was a
tight fit betwejn Goldone and MacGyle.
Scratched — Limelight 102, Free Lance 116, Don
Luis 107, Joe Mussle 105, Stromo 107.
Betting— Donator, 3; Goldone. 11-5; MacGyle,
11-10; Cue. 100; Twinkler. 12; Sunello, 200.
233O. FIFTH RACE— Six furlongs; three
year-olds and up; purse, $400.
Index. Horse, Wt, Jockey. St. %. Str. Fin.
(2299)Tayon, 4, 112... Dominick 1 2 6 lli lh
2299 B/ Ormonde, 3, 107.Thorp 2 1 n 2 5 2 8
2278 Gibraltar, 6. 117 Ruiz 4 5 3 1 3 2
2251 Sly a, 112 Alexander 3 3 1 4 4 4 6
2300 Dr. Cave, 4, 117..Fallehy B 4 >i 5 5 -
2299 Headwater, a. 109.Conley Left ... ...
Time— %. :24U: %. :«%: %. 1:13^. Good start
except Headwater. Won first three driving.
Winner. Fred Cook's br. h. by LisEak-Carollne
Hamilton. Headwater caused several false
starts by refusing to break. Beau Ormonde ran
an extremely game race, but was outfooted by
winner. Sly away out of kilter. Scratched —
Hertnoso 112.
Betting— Tayon, 1; Beau Ormonde. 7-2;. Gib
raltar, 15; Sly. 9; Dr. Cave, 100; Headwater, 3.
2320. FOURTH RACE— Seven furlongs; sell
ing; four-year-olds and up; purse. $400.
Index. Horse, Wt, Jockey. St. '/j. Str. Fin.
<22S2)Rlo Shannon, 4. 113.Kelly 6 6.41 11
2306 Nansen, 4, 110.. Dominick 3 2 1 Hi 2 2
23C6 Alaska. 6, 113 Thorpe 5 5 3 2 1 3 h
2278 Sea Lion. 5, 116 .Ruiz 14 3 5 4 4 1
2304 Dol. Weithoff, 5.111. Rnch 2 1% 3% 5 6
2290 Gllssando, 4, 110 Enos 4 3 2 6 6
Time— V t , :24; %. :49; %. 1:01%: %'. 1:28. Good
start. Won easily. Second and third driving.
Winner. Thompson & Hagerman's b. h. by El
Rio Key-Bessie Shannon. . Rio Shannon a good
horse right now. Nansen well ridden. Alaska
ran his race. . Sea Lion warmed up well, but
performed poorly. Too much weight on Dollie
Weithoff.
Betting — Rio Shannon, 20; Nansen, 6: Alaska,
10; Sea Lion. 4-5; Dollie Weithoff, 7-2; Glls-
Bando, 100.
TA2JTOB.A1T PARK— Saturday. April 20,
1901.— Weather fine. Track fast.
2320. FIRST RACE— Six' furlongs; Belling;
four-year-olds and up; purse, $350.
Index, Horse. Wt, Jockey. St. %. Str. Fin.
2001 Daniel, 4, 113....Domnk 111 In 1 %
2302 The Miller, 4, 116.. Kelly 5 4 3 3 1 2 V4
2308 Formatus. 4, 106..Conley 2 2>i 2 1 3 n
2236 Loconomo, 6, 114. Bennett 8 6 h 4 14 5
2319 N. Clark, 4, lll..Rus*elI 3 3 V» 5 3 5 5
2049 Homestaka, a, 114.Thorp 4 6 h 7 5 6 1
1668 Parader. 6, 116 Ruiz 7 7 2 6 1 7 6
2297 March 7, 4, 109....Hafley 6 8 8 8
Tlme-%. :249i; %, :49V4: %. ljHJfc Bad
start. "Won first three driving. Winner,
Caesar Young's b. . g. by Leonatus-Troika.
Dominick beat his field away a couple of
lengths. The Miller was all out. Loconomo
can do better. Parafler played on the strength
of some fast workouts.
Betting— Daniel. 14-5; The Miller. 4; For
matus. 50; Loconomo, 8; Nettie Clark, 60;
Homestake, SO; Parader. 8-5; March Seven, 60.
2327. SECOND RACE-One mile; selling;
three-year-olds; purse. $400.
Index. Horse," Wt, Jockey. St. y.. Str. Fin.
(2254)Eonio, 101 ....Dominick 1 13 13 18
(2313) Bernota, 109 ....Ransch2 2 >4 2 4 24,
2217 Impromptu, 104 See 3 3 3 3 8 3 10
2322 Triple Cross, lOL.Logue 5 4 6 4 4 4 10
2307 Road Agent, 101.. Butler 4 5 5 5
Time— V t , :26; %, :50%; %, 1:15; mile. 1:41%.
Fair start. Won easily. Second and third
driving. Winner, A. J. Stemler & Co.'s ch. i
I. by Eon-Mermaid. Conic in fine form Just
now. Impromptu ran his race.
Betting — Eonic, 6-5; Bernota, 7-5; Impromp
tu, 4; Triple Cross, 300; Road Agent, 500.
23SS. THIRD RACE— Four furlongs; selling;
two-year-olds; purse, $400.
Index, Horse, Wt. Jockey. St. H- Str. Fin.
2298 Torso Maid, 102..Domnk J 14 11 In
2303 Huachuca, 108 ..Thorpe 5 5 % 5 % 2 %
2213 Vasallo, 99 Ransch 1 7 4h 31
2243 M. Murphy. 100-Materne 6 3 2 3 1 4 H
(2243)Lapidus. 104 .....Conley 3 2 2 2 1 5%
<2154)Evea G, 99 ..Fauntleroy 4 4 h 6 4 6 6
(2283) Porous, 103..Burlingame 7 6 17 7
Time-J4. :24; %. :48%. Good start. Won
first three driving. Winner, J. Weber & Co.'s
br. f. by Torso-Happy Maiden. Winner ran a
nice race, but Huachuca was much the best.
He was badly cut off three furlongs from
home, and was then closing like a cyclone.
Vasallo cut off at same time. Mike Murphy,
also ran a swell race after getting away
Biowly. Scratched — Parizade 99, Ogle 102, Jar
retlere d'Or 103.
Betting — Torso Maid, 7-2; Huachuca, 8-5;
Vasallo. 5: Mike Murphy, 60; Lapldas, 6;
Evea G, 10; Porous, 40.
STANFORD'S fondest hopes and
seven coast records took an air
ship flight at the ninth annual in
tercollegiate field day held yester
day on the University of Califor
nia's campus at Berkeley. It was a sad
day for the Palo Alto students, but they
bore their defeat like, true martyrs. The
victory gained by California wasan over
whelming one and will be recorded in the
annals of college history as one. of the
The 120-yard hurdle race brought forth
the only accident of the day.- Narramore,
Stanford's clever sprinter, had negotiated
all but one of the high hurdles and was
giving Powell a hard fight for first place,
later and Cadogan was a± : Jiis best. - He
breasted the tape with a wonderful spurt
of speed and four watches clicked 10 sec
onds flat in unison and the announcer in
formed the assemblage that the victor
had lowered the intercollegiate record and
equaled the time made by Haley of th»
Olympic Club in 1880.
Terry McGovern, accompanied by his
•wife and baby boy, were spectators at the
track. Terry was followed by an admir
ing crowd during his perambulations
through the ring, but he received no in
vitations to don the mits. Terry is some
what of a plunger when he gets the right
tip.
Sam Hildreth, while beaten for the gen
tleman riders' race on Friday, earned con
siderable fame. Yesterday Sam received
a telegTam from Willie Spencer, now a
New Yorker, asking If he would accept
the mount on Maximo Gomez in the
Brooklyn handicap. A few minutes later
this was followed by another wire from
Fj-ed Berulew offering Sam the mount on
Jack Demond in the Stallion stakes. Both
telegrams were sent collect.
Fifteen books cut in and the play was
reported better than for some days.
Thomas H. Williams Jr., president of
the New California Jockey Club, viewed
\he sport from the judges' stand.
Announcer Bob MeGibben received a
mild ovation on his reappearance in har
ness.
Charley Thorpe will leave for his home
in Nebraska, to-night. The veteran rider
is undecided as to whether he will make
the European trip. Sam Hildreth made
Charley an offer some weeks ago to ride
on the Chicago tracks and he may ac
cept it.
Starter Jake Holtman has wired his
resignation to the Fair Grounds and Del
mar associations, St. L>ouis. Dick Dwyer,
now in Chicago, has taken a like action,
as neither flag-wielder wishes to be out
lawed by the Western Jockey Club.
No fault could be found with Starter
Holtman for using the recall flag in the
fifth event. Headwater was second choice
In tbe betting and the horse's backers
were certainly entitled to a run for their
money.
Track Notes.
Much coin was burned up by the per
formance of Parader in the opening selec
tion, a Bix-furlong sprint. The Atkln &
lyottridge entry was reported to have
broken several watches in his morning
try-outs, and from threes the price was
thumped to 8 to 5. Away none too well,
the gelding ran like a hoosier. Dominick
got Daniel off flying- and never headed
beat The Miller out in a hard drive. Con
ley on Formatus ran third. The winner
opened a 7 to 5 choice, receding to 14 to a.
Ab Stember's filly Eonic made short
work of Bernota in the mile selling- affair
which, followed. Closing a slight favor
ite she led from start to nnish, winning
easily by eight lengths. See astride Im
promptu took the show from two others.
Dominick made it three straight by land-
Ing the two-year-old spin over four fur
longs with Torso Maid, owned by ex-
Jockey Johnny Weber. Huachuca, the fa
vorite, ridden by Charley Thorpe, was
much the best, but experienced poor rac
ing luck. Torso ilald outbroke the bunch,
and hard pressed at the wire downed the
first choice by a neck. Vasallo also had
a tempestuous trip, getting up in time to
run third.
Bookmaker Caesar Young's horse Sea
Lion was selected to win tne seven fur
long run, and with "Pi" Ruiz up made a
very poor showing. Although always con
sidered a mud horse, he was plunged on
at scant odds. While Ruiz apparently
rode for all that was in him, he could
never get closer up than fourth. Dollie
Weithoff led for a time and then quit.
Just when it looked as if Nansen, the
mount of Dominick, would win, Rio Shan
non dropped from the clouds, scoring by
a length. Alaska, a 10 to 1 shot, disposed
of the favorite for show honors.
Headwater gave Starter Holtman a
world of trouble at the post in the six fur
long purse run, absolutely refusing to
break. Finally, after a vexatious delay,
the neld was dispatched without him.
Tayon, tbe even money favorite, had his
time occupied in subduing Beau Ormonde,
but eventually headed the three-year-old,
and ridden out reached home a head to
the good in 1:13%. Sly ran poorly, losing
third place to Gibraltar.
Elmwood farm's MacGyle, piloted by
Dominick, was chosen to take the final
mile and a sixteenth event. The Brutus
horse led only a short way when he was
passed by Donator. The latter horse pos
sessed speed to burn, winning eased up.
Deepite hard urging the favorite was
nosed out for the place by Goldone.
Favorites annexted three purses, just
about holding their own. For old times'
sake. Rio Shannon, with "Handridlng"
Kelly up. dropped in first for the fourth
number at odds ranging: from 20 to 30 to 1.
>rr*£ HE blue and white bunting of the
II San Francisco Jockey Club was
Jl replaced at Tanforan Park yester-
II day by the stars and stripes and
the black and yellow colors of the
new California Jockey Club. Peacefully
and without bluster of any kind the Tan
foran Association passed out of existence,
¦while the largo attendance was sufficient
guarantee that the recently reorganized
jockey club has the public's friendship
and support. Master Dominlck, the St.
Louis boy, celebrated the occasion by pi
loting four winners, while finishing second
and third In the other two events In which
be rode.
By T. E. •MTTT.TroT/r. a nm,
Records Are Shattered With a Startling Ease by a Number of the Blue and Gold Team— Captain
£ Walsh of Berkeley Is Struck in the Face by Lously of Stanford— Stirring Incidents of the
Meet Which Proved One-Sided— Mile^ Walk Is* Won by Cardinal and Provokes Much Excitement
Runs responsible for— Hale 4, Babbitt 5. Home
run— Hutchtnson. " Two-base hits— Drennan,
Moore, Kelly. Sacrifice hits — Householder.
Firet base on errors — Los Angeles 4, Oakland
5. First base on called balls— Los Angeles 0,
Oakland 1. Left on bases— Los Angeles II;
Oakland 5. Struck out— By Hale 6, by Babbitt
7. Hit by pitcher— Arrellanes. "\Vild pitch-
Hale. Time of Game — Two hours and ten
minutes. Umpire— Donohue. Official scorer—
McFarlln.
SUMMARY.
The crackers popped in the first inning
as if two Fourths of July had fallen into
Recreation grounds. Brockhoff, Hutchin
son, Householder, right off the reel, rolled
out substantial hits and Reilly followed
soon after with' a safe one. • All scored
but Hutchinson. who died at third. Swin
dells came to the bat later on for a base
on balls and Bowman for a hit, which
heiped the cause of the rising Angels.
But Oakland was not to be submerged
by the peppering of their twirler. Babbitt.
The Dudes took to the stick and did some
thing that forced a- couple of rings at the
end of the first spasm. . Drennan punched
Hale's curves for a double and Francks
followed with a single, Drennan scoring.
Then Arrellanes hit", Brockhoff committed
an error, Dunleavy hit to Reilly. Francks
scoring, and, through the kindness of Um
pire • Donohue, Arrellanes was called out
at third. After this the side was soon re
tired. " '«.;.
In the second both teams sent a single
man over. the rubber and in the third Oak
land tied tho score. Arrellanes and Dun
leavy passed the plate on a double by
Moore. A run in the fourth by the Angels
put them in .the lead for a time. In the
fifth, with two ' men crowding the bags,
Babbitt struck out three in succession,
and when the Dudes came to the stick
Francks scored, thus tying the game.
Three hits gave the Oaklanders a lead of
two runs in the sixth and in the seventh
they increased the advantage by another
stroke. The score: **
• LOS ANGELES. : '
AB. R. BH. SB. FO..A". E.
Brockhoff, 2b ;.. 6 1 2 0 0 1 2
Hutchinson. lb ...... 6 2 3.0 20 0
Householder, cf 5 1 2 0 4 0 1
Spies, c 4 1 1,1 6 2 1
C. Reilly. 3b 3 12 0:4 0 1
Kelly, ss .....:. 5 0 1 0 m 0 1
Swindells, rf 4 0 1 0 110
Bowman, If 5 0 1 0 3 0 0
Hale, p * 0 0 0 0 1 0
Totals 42 6 13 1 -24 5 " ;6
OAKLAND.
AB. " R. BH. SB, PO. A. E.
Drennan, cf 5 2 3 1 0 0 0
Francks, 6s 5 2 2 3-3 5.2
Arrellanes. 2b ...... 3 11 0 3 3 0
Streib, lb ...I........ * 0 0 0 11 0 2
Dunleavy. If 4 2 1 0 0 1-0
Moore. 3b 4 Q 2 0 2 2-0
Mosk'.man. rf 4 0 0-0 1 0 1
Lohman, c 3 2 1 2 7 2 0
Babbitt, p *• 0 J) J) J) A j)
Totals 36 9 10 6 27.17 5
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS. :.
Los Angeles .4 1 0 100000—6
Base hits ............ 5 2 0 11 1 2-1-0-13
Oakland 2 1 2 0 1 2 1 0 •- 9
Base hits ............ 3 110 0 3 2 0 M0
The tall swatters '. from ' the south Jet
loose on Babbitt in the first inning and
repeated it in the second. Then he set
tled down at critical moments and pitched
in some instances what was remarkable
ball. Once with the bags crowded Bab
bitt struck two men out and In another
inning sent three to ,the bench by the same
kind of work. It was a hard task to pull
the jrame out of the fire, but the Dude3
succeeded. Lohman's risky base running
and the * taking .of all kinds of chances,
made- safe by the commission of Angel
errors, were instrumental in the victory
for the Dudes.
The Angels fell ; at Recreation grounds
yesterday afternoon— fell at a{ time when
victory smiled upon their banners. Bab
bitt, who had charge of the artillery for
the Dudes, was the good and bad" of the
game. He sinned and was redeemed.
Oakland 9, Los Angeles 6.
... ¦¦ ¦ ¦ ¦ -.- ¦¦..-. '.. «
Babbitt and Hale Are Freely
Hit and Errors Too Many .
to Count.
Angels Fall and Dudes
Triumph at Recre
ation Park.
EWING'S TEAM
WINS THE GAME
UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA TRACK ATHLETES
OVERWHELM STANFORD IN ANNUAL FIELD DAY
DOMINICK RETAINS HIS SUPERB
FORM, PILOTING FOUR WINNERS
Three Favorites in Front—Headwater Acts Badly
and Is Left-First Day of California Jockey
Club's Operation of the Tanforan Track
THE SAN FRANCISCO ;GAMi, SUNDAY; A PRID 21, 1901;
SACRAMENTO, April 20.— The same be
tween San Francisco and Sacramento this
afternoon was short, snappy and well con
tested, San Francisco again winning by a
score of 5 to 1. Iburg twirled a fast game,
keeping his hits well scattered and allow
ing but one base son balls. Devereaux oc
cupied the box ( for Sacramento and pitch
ed an excellent game, but Pabst and
Krug had their eyes on the ball and found
It despite Devereaux's utmost effprt to
fool them. , Krug hit safely four times
and Pabst and Nordyke both put the ball
over the. fence for home runs, i Hanlon's
unassisted double play was a feature. He
caught Holland's hard drive to right and
retired Krug, who was on his way to sec
ond. Score: '
SAN FRANCISCO.
' AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E
Hlldebrand. c t..... 4 0 0 0 2 10
Schwartz. 2b ....3 1 .1 lv 0 1 0
Krugr, s. 8 4 0 4 0 1 6-2
Holland. 1. f.. ..:.... 4 . 0 0 0 3 0 0
Pabst. lb 4 2- 2 0 13 0 01
Graham, c...... ...... M 0 0 0 5 0 0
Reilly, 3b...: ...3 0- 0-0- 2 1 0
Nordyke, r. f.. 32 2 0 00 0
Ibursvp ..2 0 .0-0 1 3 y 0
Totals... ..29-5 9 1' 27. 11 2
SACRAMENTO.
' ' ; AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A; E.
Devereaux K p../...:.. 4 0 10 1 3 0
McGucken, c. f..:... 3 1 2 1-. 1 0 « 0
Courtney, s. s.. ..:... 4 0 0,0-22 2
Hanlon, lb .'.:. 4 . 0 1 1 ¦ 9 . -' 0 ' 0
McLaughlin. 1. t.... 4 0 80 4 0 0
Ooyle,r.f...,-.......; ? 0, 0 0 1 0 0
Sheehan, Sb 4 0 -102 lo
Stanley, c. :.. 4 0 10 2 3 0
Mitchell. 2b............ 3 0; 0; 2/1 0
/Totals ;.... 34 .1 " 8 2 '24 10 ~2
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS..
San Francisco...".......: 0 10 0 0 2 2 0 •— 5
Base hits 11 1 1 0 • 2 1 •— 9
Sacramento 0 0 0 0,0 1 0 0 0^-1
Base. hits.............. 0 0 3 10 112/1—8
-, SUMMARY.,
Runs responsible for— Devereaux 3. ' Home
runs — Pabat, Nordyke. : Two-base hits—Dever
eaux, McLauchlin. Sacrifice hits— McGucken.
Graham.- Ibursr. First base on errors— Sacra
mento 2. San KrancUco 3. First base on culled
balls— Oft. Devereaux 1. off Iburg-1. Left on
base*— Sacramento . 8. San Francisco 3. .Struck
out — By DcvereauxS.'by I burs 3. Double plays
— Hnnlon unossistnl ; . Krujc to Pabat. • Time of
j:«m<»— 1:SS, Umnlre—O'Connell. oftlclal scorer
-Rutherford. 1 'IliVillHHIIiH A* '-> ' '
the Stick.
Fabst, Krug and Holland Shine Witli
LOCALS WIN".
field day:
Referee-^Iohn Elliott: inspectors— "William
Knowles, E. J. Brown. George James; timers—
Colonel George C. Edwards. Dr. Frank Ang»ll,
E. L. Sarre. O. S. Thompson. Dav« Brown;
starter— Phil "Wand: Judge of walking— H. Cof
fin; Judgre.3 of finish— Professor J. E. Reynolds.
Professor "W. E. Maree. "W. B. Goodwin; clerk,
of course — C. A. Cantwell; assistants— X F.
Titus. James Coffin; field Judges— Fred Koch,
Hugh Boyd. Jack D. Hoffmann; measurers— I.
J. Muma, E. J. Smith; marshal— I* A. Wombler
announcer — E. W. Decoto.
Field Events.
Running MKh Jump— Powell and Cooler of
California tied fur first place with r«oord Jump
of S feet 10H Inches; Henley (3.) third. •
; Sixteen-pound shot put— Plaw (C.) first, Hyde
a 440-yard run— -Lttrda (C) first. Squires (O sec
ond and Smith (S) third. Time, - 52 4-5 seconds.
Mile walk— Zschokke (8) first. "Walsh (O sec
ond and Lewis (S) third. Time. 7:09 4-5. (In
tercollegiate record.)
'220-yard hurdles: First heat— Powell CO
first, Taylor (S) second. Second heat — Cheek
(C) first, Kuhn (S) second. Final— Powell (O
first. Cheek (C) second and Taylor (S) third.
Time, 26 seconds. (Equaling record made by
Torrey , (C) In 1896.)
- One mll« run— Service (C) first, Radewill (C>
second and "Webber (C.) third. Time, 4:37 4-5
(Intercollegiate record).
One mile relay race, special event, Oakland
High School— Messrs. "Wilcox, Norton. Howard,
dough. She* and Whitman, first: Berkeley
Hiich- School— Chaplin. Boettlrer. : Hartley,
Grlndley, Needh&m and Nelson, second. Time,
3:23. (Academic record.) <
Half-mile . run— Sen-Ice (O first, Clifford (O
second and Chadbourne, (S) third. Time,
2:013-5. . . - .
120-yard- hurdles: First heat— Powell (C>
first. Thomas (C) second. . Second heat—Ham
lin (O first. Cheek (O second. Final — Hamlin,
Powell, Thomas- and' Cheek, all of California,
made it a dead heat. (No time taken.)' . -
. 220-yard dash: First heat— Hamil ton (S)
first, i Townsend 1 (O second. . Second heat—
Cadogan (C) first. Bubb (S) second. Third heat-
Brown. (C) first. Asblll (O second. Final —
Cadogan first, - Brown second and . Hamilton
third. •¦ Time, 22 3-5 seconds. (Coast record.)
Abbreviations^O . California, (S) Stanford.
100-yard dash: First heat— Cadogan (O first,
McCaugrhern (S) second. Second heat — Brown
(O first, , Hamilton 1 (S) second. Final-^Cado
pan first. Brown second and Hamilton third.
Time, 10 seconds. (Coast record.) .
Duden nearly had a mishap In the pole
vault. While In midair the pole cracked,
but fortunately it held until he reached
the ground. n • • • . •
Flaw excited the wonder of hundreds by
the tremendous fling he gave the 16-pound
hammer. He was only able, however, to
throw the 16-pound hammer 144 feet 6%
inches from the seven-foot, circle. After
winning his event he tried for the world's
record from the nine-foot circle and se
cured it by throwing the hammer 171 feet
2 inches. One of his throws measured 180
feet, but was not counted, : as. he. over
stepped the circle. Following Is the sum
mary of events: E
The mile walk engendered the only bad
feeling displayed during the day. CaDtaln
Walsh claimed that he had been fouled
by Lously of Stanford and reiterated his
charge while going around the track.
Lously. lost his temper and struck Walsh
and Hamlin rushed In and landed on the
Stanford ' i youth. There was hissing
throughout the race and when Zschokke
captured first place in record time the
Stanford rooters made the welkin ring
with their yells. Lously was ruled off the
track for his unsportsmanlike action and
John Elliott Informed him that he would
bring the matter before the Pacific Ama
teur Association and have him suspended
for twelve months. Lously claims that
"Walsh crowded him. • threatened him and
used vile language. •Walsh, on the other
hand, claims that Lously elbowed hon
and fouled him continually. The mile
walk will be eschewed in future by the
colleges, as it is not deemed an athletic
event. •
Henley, the TJkiah athlete, in whom
Stanford had • abundant faith, did not
shine to advantage. In the high jump he
could only do 5 feet 9% inches, whereas he
had gone over the bar at 6 feet while at
High School. Powell and Cooley tried
hard to surpass their efforts, but without
success. • • ..
Roy Service proved himself the best dis
tance, runner on the coast. He captured
the half-mile and the mile with compara
tive ease and was given an ovation. Ex
perts approved his graceful stride and
heady running and prophesy great things
of him. LJgda. a freshman, captured the
440-yard dash in clever fashion. He ran
with strength and speed and finished
strong.
All Blue and Gold.
Plaw, ' as usual, was Invincible on the
shot-put. The stout young athlete sent
the heavy Iron ball through the air and
surpassed the record he made the previous
year.
California captured four places in the
hurdle race and In th« final the blue and
gold runners skimmed the high obstacles
together and crossed the line with linked
hands. . ¦ .
when he tripped on the hurdle and fell
to the ground. . His left arm struck the
curbing of the track and was broken.
(S.) second and Brooks (S.) third. Distance,
42- feet 7% inches. (Coast and intercollegiate
records.)
Running broad Jump— Hussev (C.) first. Hen
ley (S.) second and Lyons (S.) third. Distance
22 feet 2% inches.
Pole vault— Dole. Henley and Beach of Stan
ford tied at 10 feet 2 Inches and took first, sec
ond and third in the event.
Sixteen-pound hammer throw— Plaw (C.) first.
Brooks (S.) second and Hartllne '(S.) third.
Distance, 144 feet 6% inches.
The following officials had charge of the
CALL'S RACING ¦ FORM CHART
24
¦ ¦BBBBBBBBBBBBBBaBBBBBBHBBHBBBIBHBBBHHBBBHBIBBIiaBHBHBBBHBIHBBBHBaBa
I A CERTAIN CURE FOR w& AND i
E Perfect health and strength denote the absence of disease.- When you are weak it means that you lack that |j
S which is the foundation of strength— of life* itself — Electricity. You may be afflicted with Rheumatism. Dyspepsia, gj
j- Lame Back, Weak Kidrievs. Loss of Power, Varicocele, Wasting Weakness, Sciatica, Constipation or any of the B
gj numerous diseases which lead to an early breaking down of the system. If you have any of these troubles they ¦
H should be attended to at once. You have tried drugs and found that if they even stimulated you they did not cure, ¦
¦ but left you with some new trouble as a result of the poison put 'into your system. KS
B . Electricity Is Nature's Cure n
H • j^^\' For all diseases of the blood, nerves, muscles [
E2 r^r^«£m anc * or £ an 9\ U have spent twenty years and al- • gj
IC r^ most, unlimited capital discovering this fact and g
? /a^/w^V \ '"^WSr developing a body battery which gives a strong B
H (^^•^V • \~/r curative current to. the wearer without the least B
9 , : "t /^^* ' ' ( discomfort. This perfected appliance is B
\ Hr .^CQ'JA DftipOliHp ELECTRIC BELT I
q M#Sg|o / ***<v'"V —^ "^ / It has cured people and the testimony Q
0 P?§§M§vi» •'/' '~if ' ' >r--" "^ '• •""• * s on *^ e or a^ w ' ao want P ro °f of- what, this D
K DJjwSsi^vfft /?"s y '¦ ' ''s >• -^ < *^w^i<^' grand remedy has done. For six or eight hours H
C !f«l§ii?is& /^ ¦"^ y/ ' / '/y y^ -"' ''' ''^ i~'~-^Si every night it pours a steady stream of electric- S
S liffi™inmm&K\^&^'Z^' ''''' **' *- r^- '^\ '•^''^^\ ~ ' ty * nto le nerve center, saturating the weak- I
C r^filEglfflTEil- I v J?^f''i' 'C 'C'-^^' - * '"^'~tr??5^^®»». ened tissues and organs with its life. This is §
n aSpSaEBBBfiflr '^- "^~ -~ \¥^?S$>dSr^ strength. From it come the vim. energy, the fire g
H " ""£*• -^ - ''SpHjVrzSffim °f perfect physical and mental action. It re- B
B I^^^^^^^^^^L NW- —'¦••— -i '- '^llDp^ail news the health and happiness of all men. . B
5 M$0^f^^B^^j^^z:zzz fr rr Read what the Cured Sa y« §
a P^'^Zggj *"*-. ~r\~--l. IT "About a month ago I began to- use one of a
12 fc vsyv-ffBr \* x - **^ ~** : S*"r--i\"-"^ / I y° ur Belts for the cure of rheumatism. It has ¦
¦ aj'Ay-c^y v^C^v^v: > \~V-C II I done grand work for me. I bepan to improve ¦
2 !^£-i8r : " N>> \ ** '^VA / il immediately, and. to-day am cured in every re- B
H ', VY-4) 'I '"W Jessie street, San 'Francisco." M
m ;? "V\\ \\ "Your Electric Belt has indeed : relieved me S
¦ \U il very ,- much. ; It has strengthened my nervous gj
|2 il system and greatly benefited the action of my a
~* « *•*¦ V'-C v" kidneys. I strongly recommend your Belt for ¦
" all nervous weakness and kidney trouble, for it has done all that you claimed it would in my case. Yours truly. ~.
g v f ; ; "HENRY BEWS. Steward. Lane Hospital, San Francisco, Cal." g
a TRY IT TO-DAY-SEND FOR BOOK. B
q If you are close enough to call, do so. Let me show you the difference between my up-to-date appliance J
a and old style burning electric belt. Let me prove to. you why mv Belt cures when they. fail. 5
¦ ¦ If you can t call, write for my beautiful descriptive book, showing how my^Belt is used and crivinc hundreds £
¦ of letters from grateful people. Call, or address, inclosing this ad. Office hours ti'a. m. to 8:30 p. m.. Sundavs |
S IIR M A MM AIIRHI IN 702 MARKET STREET; Cor Keam,- S
o Ulli Kill Hi IflULftUUriLltv San Francisco, Cal. 5
SlIIIBIINIIIIIIIIIIIHIIBIBI^IIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIHllIIIIIIIIlilllllB!
DR. MEYERS & CO.
Don't Want Money Until After They Have
; Cured Theip Patients.
Weak Men Made Strong.
Established 1881. Largest and Best Equipped Medical In-
stitution in America and Most Successfully Condncted.
DR. METERS & CO.. the renowned specialists, are noted both for thetr
quick and lasting cures of all weakness and diseases of men and" their fair and
liberal offer in regard to payments for their services. Read the "NO PAY
TILL CURED" proposition given below. . ..-.;,
•It requires confidence, backed- by unquestioned ability, to make such an of-
fer. NO OTHER PHYSICIANS IN THE WORLD WILL UNDERTAKE A
. CURE ON THESE TERMS.
No Pay Required Till Cure* Is Effected.
PUT THE MONEY IN BANK— Patients who have the least doubt about
being cured may deposit the price of a cure in any bank or with any well-
known business house or newspaper In San Francisco, such deposit NOT to
be paid to Dr. Meyers & Co. until the patient is convinced that he is perma-
nently cured. If patients prefer, they may make monthly payments.
- ! Falling powers, loss of vital force, etc.. which have been brought on by
¦ dissipation in youth or In after life, overwork or worry, and all contracted ail-
ments. Including malignant, contagious blood poisons, at any stage, are In-
cluded in this offer.
Private Book and Consultation FREE. Home Cures.
• Home" cures a specialty. H youVannot call, write for free book for men
only: advice and treatise on any. disease. All letters confidential. No printing
on envelopes or packages.
Prices reasonable In all cases, whether the sufferer Is rich or poor.
» All cures lasting as life. No poisonous or dangerous drugs ever dispensed,
DR. MEYERS& CO., 2£5££<
TAKE ELEVATOR— Hours,, 9 to 4 dally; evening*. 7 to 8; Sunday*, • to O.WINDING UP THE SUCCESSFUL INDUSTRIAL AND ALLIED ARTS EX
HIBITIONiOF THE CALIFORNIA CLUB LAST NIGHT IN MECHAN
ICS' PAVILON. THE AFFAIR EXCEEDED ALL EXPECTATIONS.
RAINIER— Arrived April 2ft— Stmr Hansen,
77% hrs from New Whatcom; 850 M lumber for
Bellingham Bay Improvement Company.
POOLSELLERS DEMAND JURY TRIALS-
The seventeen men arrested in A. B. Broyer's
poolrooms - Friday, appeared . before Judge : Ca
baniss yesterday and each demanded a Jury
trial. I They were represented by Attorney Col
lins. ' The case of J. H.\Roche, the keeper,
was 'set for trial next .Thursday afternoon.
CALL BUREAU, 1406 G STREET, N.
"W., WASHINGTON, April 20.— George A.
Newhall, George W. McNear and Andrew
Corrigan, 'representing the San Francisco
Chamber of Commerce, held a conference
to-day with President McKinley and Sec
retary Root regarding the transportation
of the Government. supplies between San
Francisco and. Manila, and the possible
establishment of a private steamship line
between these points. ¦ . '
The San Franciscans strongly urged the
building of an American line from the
Pacific Coast; to the Orient and impressed
upon the President and Secretary of War
the advisability , of the Government en
couraging such an enterprise by, granting
to the new line a part of the enormous
traffic of the Government to the Philip
pines. With a guarantee or a reasonable
certainty of a fair share of the Govern
ment business, the delegation assured the
officials that an American Oriental line
would be established with the most bene
ficial results in the development of Amer
ican trade in •/ the Philippines and the
East. . -i
The establishment of , this enterprise
would not involve the abandonment of
the Government transport service in- the
Pacific, which is indispensable under the
present conditions in the Philippines, but
a _ diversion of, part of the Government
business to the new* line would enable the
War Department to dispense with many.,
or all chartered vessels now in the trans-^
port service." •. ' . ¦ ,
The delegation say that the President
and Secretary Root are in sympathy with
the proposition, and look favorably upon
all possible Government encouragement
of the movement to build up the Ameri
can trade in the Philippines and Far East
and the transportation of American goods
in American bottoms. The "War Depart
ment wili take the matter . under • consid
eration. Meanwhile the Chamber of Com
merce, delegation will visit New Tork In
the interest of the scheme and probably
return here for a further consultation'
with the Government officials, by whom
they were most cordially received to-day.-
President Encourages
Chamber of Com
merce Men.
FAVORS A LINE
TO THE ORIENT
Drowned, body not recovered— March SO,
Company K, Second Infantry. Alfred G.
Post.
All other causes — April 14. Company E,
Forty-sixth infantry. Sergeant Arthur E.
Hersey; April 1. hospital corps. Joseph
Chapman; March 20, Company M, Forty
reventh Infantry. Corporal Fred O.
Hrov.-n; April 3. Company A. Nineteenth
Jr.fantry, Xathaniel F. Powers; March 31.
Company I. Eighteenth Infantry, John
TiMey: April 15. Company G, Forty-second
Infantry, Gcorpe L. Norton; April 13,
Company H, Fourth Infantry, Cesario
Torres; March 22. at sea. Company B,
Twenty-eighth Infantry, Ira L. Walker;
April 8, Company A, Sixteenth Infantry,
Alfred Fow April 1. Company C. Fif
teenth Infantry. Frank M. Danits; March
27. Company C. Ei&hueenth Infantry, Pat
rick Burns; March 12. Company I, Seven
teenth Infantry, Charles V. Holder.
Dysentery — April 1, Company C, batta
lion of engineers, U. S. A., Sergeant Pa
trick F. Duggan; April 9, Company B,
Forty-first Infantry, John A. Sobery;
llarch 19, Company M, Forty-fifth Infan
trv. Corporal William Lochead; March 15,
Company 1, Thirty-first Infantry, John E.
Hayes.
WASHINGTON, April 20.— General Mac-
Arthur at Manila to-day cabled these
deaths:
IDEATES AMONG TEOOPS.
Mr. Heggerty also expects to prove
that three persons other ¦ than Mrs.
Dunning ate as large an amount of
the alleged poisoned candy as Mrs. Dun
ning did and were not taken ill. -If this
contention is proven to be a fact. Mrs.
Botkin's attorneys - state .It will appear
that Mrs. Dunning, if her death was due
to arsenical poisoning, was given the drug
through some medium other than the
candy.
. Mr. Heggerty stated that he desired the
presence of the Delaware witnesses to
show that the doctors who treated Mj-s.
Dunning did not know the cause of the
illness which caused her death.
Mr. Knight also explained that when
the Uelaware witnesses were sent for he
would ask the court. In . the interest of
common justice, to authorize the payment
of the expenses of some twenty witnesses
who will be called upon to testify on be
half of the defendant.
Mrs. . Cordelia Botkin will not again be
tried for the murder of Mrs. John P. Dun
ning at Dover, Del., alleged to have been
committed by means of poisoned candy
sent through the mails,- until after' the.
United States courts have passed on the
jurisdiction of the California courts to try
her. A writ of error will be applied for
in the United States District Court and
the case carried through to the Supreme
Court of the United States before any fur
ther action will be taken to try her again
in the Superior Court of this, city and
county.
Attorneys Knight and' Heggerty were
notified yesterday that the case was about
to again be placed on the calendar in
Judge Cook's court. Mr. Knight went im
mediately to District Attorney Bylngton
and requested that no action be taken in
the case until after the matter of the writ
of error had been disposed of by the
United States courts. If the case was put
on the calendar, Mr. Knight stated, it
would necessitate a trial in the near future,
which would call for the presence of the
witnesses from Dover, Del. ¦ If after their
arrival proceedings were instituted in the
United States courts it would stay the
proceedings in • the Superior . Court " for
such a length of time that the Delaware
witnesses would be forced to return home,
which would mean considerable loss to
the State. -';.•¦ : . ,
Attorneys for Prisoner to
Apply for Writ of
Error.
BOTKIN CASE
TO BE DELAYED
After the Interesting exhibits of the fine
arts, of dainty laces, of the rare craft of
bookmaking, of Indian curios, of china
painting, of leather work, of wood-carv
ing, and all the other things of beauty,
the excellent concert repertoire of the ex
hibition must be awarded praise. Every
afternoon and evening a good musical
programme has been provided with here
and there an admirable talk on some
topic of current interest. The social side
of the entertainment has also been a con
siderable feature of the exhibition and
congratulations all round are in order. It
is understood that the exhibition has been
a financial as well as social and artis
tic success and that the philanthropic
IN a blaze of glory the Industrial and
Allied Arts exhibition ended its suc
cessful course at Mechanics' Pavil
ion last night. Tired but triumphant
the ladles of the California T31ub last
night reviewed their second ' effort in
the exhibition line and decided that all is
indeed well with their work. From all
sides have come hearty congratulations on
the complete and artistic character of the
show and of the usefulness and import
ance of the task so effectively undertaken
by the ladies of the California Club. The
marked advance in Interest in the exhibi
tion over the first one that took place two
years ago has also been most favorably
noted and it will be learned with reerret
that this most probably will be the last
Allied Arts exhibition undertaken by the
California Club.
NEW YORK, April 20.— Results at Aque
duct:
About seven furlongs, eelling— Blewaway won.
Scorpio second. Her Ladyship third. Time
1:2$ 4-5.
Five furlongs, selling— Sir Tom Tiddle won.
Dark Secret second. Equalize third. Time.
1:04 2-5.
One mile and seventy yards— Pupil won, King-
Bramble second. Magic Light third. Time.
1:49 1-5. •
About seven furlongs, the Arverne stakes-
Robert Waddell won, Outlander second, Sadie
S third. Time, 1:28 1-5.
Four and a half furlongs, selling— Optional
won. Red Damsel second, Xeither One third.
Time, :56 4-5.
Five and a half furlongs— Janice won, Isla
second, Kentucky third. Time, 1:08 3-5.
MEMPHIS, April 20.— Results at Mont
gomery Park:
Six furlongs, selling— Uncle Tom won. "Water
crest second. Francis Reis third. Time, 1:17.
One mile and a sixteenth, selling— Janowood
won. Our Nellie 6econd. Merriman third. Time,
1:51%.
Seven ajid a half furlongs — Wild Pirate won,
Bowen second. Senator FJeverldge third. Time,
1:37%.
One mile and an eighth, Peabody Hotel hand
icap—The Unknown won, Alard Scheck second,
Amelia Strathmore third. Time, 1:56%.
Four and a half furlongs— Kentucky Muddle
won. The Esmond second. Best Man third.
Time. :56%\
Six furlongs— Expelled won. Princess Otllla
second. Grantor third. Time, 1:17.
CINCINNATI, April 20.— Results at
Newport:
First race, six furlongs— McManus won, St.
Sidney second, Mazetta. third. Time, 1:22%.
Second race, one mile, selling — Birdie May
won, Divcrtisement Becond, Banquo II third.
Time. 1:53.
Third race, six furlongs — Waterbouse -won,
Insurrection second, Strathbroeck third. Time,
1:22.
Fourth race, four furlongs— Pirate Girl won,
Follow 6econd, Paul Bart third. Time, :52.
Fifth race, seven furlongs— Dr. Black won,
Forbush second, W. G. Welch third* Time.
1:35%.
Sixth race, six furlongs, selling— Saragamp
won, Virginia T second, Prince of Song third.
Time. 1:22^.
CHICAGO, April 20.— Lakeside results:
First race, one mile — Rhlnelander won, Little
Tim second. Hood's Brigade third. Time,
1:43 4-5.
Second race, four furlongs— South Elkhorn
won, Haydon second, Amole third. Time, :50.
- Third race, one mile — W. J. Deboe won,
Charley Moore second, Tburles third. Time,
1:42 2-6. «
Fourth race, five furlongs— Money Muss won,
Emma M second, Trladitza third. Time,
1:00 4-5. • '
Fifth race, seven furlongs— Pirate's Queen
•won. Lady Idris second. Educate third. Time,
1:29.
Sixth race, one mile and a quarter— Kentucky
Babe won. Frangible second, George Lee third.
Time. 2:11 1-5.
BESTJXTS OF RACING
ON EASTERN TRACKS
rendered by an augmented choir in St.
Dominic's Church this evening. It is as
follows:
Organ nrelude. "Meditation" (d'Evry):
•PaQues Fieuris" (Mail)y); "O Filii et Fil
5ae" VGregvirian); contralto eolo, . Mies Jlc-
Ooskey; tetjor 6olo, D. M. Lawrence; "Sanc
tus" (Saint- Saens); violin solo. Miss Kava
naugh; topnuio solo. Miss Roeder; "£lon
Leetan?," The Palms (Taure); "O Sanitaria"
; ••Tantum Erso" (Wldor); organ
postlude, finals Sonata 2 (Lemmena).
The soloists will Include Miss Lily Roe
der, soprano; Miss Ella V. McCloskey,
contralto: D. *f. Lawrence, tenor; Walton
Webb, bass; Frank Palmer, organist and
director.
For the last three weeks Rev. H. H.
Eell, D. D., has been addressing large
meetings of young men Sunday afternoons
a.t the Association Auditorium on Mason
zji& Ellis streets. He will speak this aft
ernoon at 3 o'clock on "A Young Man's
Investments." All young men are Invited.
Rev. F. K. Baker of the First M. E.
Church will preach this morning on "The
House of God" and in the evening on "The
Ship Without a Pilot."
Rev. John Stephens of the Simpson Me
morial Church will preach this morning
on "What the Church Stands For" and in
The evening on "Artistic Lying." \
Rev. E. H. Avery of the Westminster
Presbyterian Church will preach this
raornir.g on "Gods Thoughts versus Man's
Thoughts" and in the evening on "Defeat,
or the Unsuccessful Younjj Man."
Rev. H. H. Bell of the First United
Presbyterian Church will preach this
mornir.? on "Prosperity of the Righteous"
and In lhe evening on "At the Sepulcher."
Rev. John Hemphill of the Calvary Pres
byterian Church will preach this evening
on "Evolution as Applied to Religion."
Rev. George C. Adams of the First Con-
Eregaticnal Church will preach this morn
ing on "The Kingdom Within" and in the
evening on "The Statute of Christ."
"Probatfon After Death" will be the sub
ject to be discussed this morning at the
Fervices of the First Church of Christ,
Scientist- /
Rev. S. D. Hutsinpiller of the Central
M. E. Church will preach this morning on
"The ReaJ Message From God to Man."
Rev. W. C. Jenkins of the Hamilton
Square Baptist Church will preach this
morning on "The Flood and Its Lessons"
and in the evenins on "The Ark and Its
Lessons."
Rev. Bradford Leavitt, pastor of the
First Unitarian Church, will preach this
morning on "The Transmission of Power."
Rev. William Rader of the Third Con
gregational Church will preach this morn
ing on "God's Use of Weak People" and
in the evening on "Job, the Hebrew Pro
metheus."
Rev. E. A. Woods, pastor of the First
Baptist Church, will preach this morning
o)i "Not Rest but Go Forward."
Rev. John A. B. Wilson of the Howard
ML. E. Church will preach this morning on
"The Magnetic Influence of Jesus on Com
mon Life."
Rev. A. C. Bane of the California-street
M. E. Church will preach this morning on
"Holiness" and in the evening on "The
Supreme Ouestion."
Rev. J. N. Beard of Grace M. E. Church
preaches this morning on the "Power of
Prayer."
Rev. A. E. Ulrich of the Richmond M.
E. Church will preach this morning on
"A Gracious Promise" and in the even
ing on "The Godly and the Ungodly Man."
Rev. Father Meiler of Healdsburg has
secured the services of a Silesian priest
to minister to the spiritual wants of the
Italians of ihe Italian-Swiss Colony at
-».fti.
The fortv hours' devotion will be ob
served at the Corpus Christi Church. Mis
sion and Croke streets, commencing this
morning. Kev. Father V. Cassini, assisted
by Rev. Father Buss of London, will cele
brate solemn high mass. The Easter mu
sic will be repeated. Cimarosa's "Military
Ivtass" will be rendered under the direc
tion of the organist. Mrs. G. Jsapoleone.,
with the following choir: Sopranos — Mrs.
G. Napoleone. Miss J. Cereghino and Miss
C Ricter: altos— Mrs. E. Gatto, Miss C.
Stevens and Miss M. Risslo; tenors — R. R.
R.ogers and H. Dinan; bassos— J. Cere
ghlnc, A. Dorand and J. Broyer.
Dominies.
•
Subjects of Sermons to Be
Preached To-Day in the
Churches.
A special musical programme will be
Augmented Choir Will
Render Songs at St.
SPECIAL MUSIC
WILL BE GIVEN
Work was commenced yesterday on the
floral designs that will blossom out a wel
come to President McKinley when he vis
its the park. The designs are patriotic.
An ordinance introduced by Commit
sioner Lloyd prohibiting the shooting of
seals or the discharge of firecrackers,
bombs and other noisy things in or about
the vicinity of Seal Rock was taken under
consideration until the next meeting.
A committee from the Epworth League
has asked that appropriate floral designs
be planted before the July convention,
and that the giving of a sacred concert
Borne afternoon during the week be al
lowed. The request will be granted.
Efforts are to be made to have a larger
band and better music on Sundays and
holidays. • Commissioner . McDonald will
interview the officers and directors of the
Market Street Railway with a view to
ward getting a larger appropriation for
music.
Two new fountains are to be erected
near the Music Valley, and Commisisoner
Stanton, who accepted the designs, was
Instructed to select places for them. The
fountains will be of granite, capped by a
vase, from which flowering vines ¦will
trail. On the face a lion's head and open
shell, with fishes supporting it, will sup
ply and receive the water. The coat of
arms of the city will be cut into the stone.
These fountains will be placed in position
immediately.
Commissioner McDonald Is turning the
children's play ground almost upside
down with improvements, and oxpects' to
make it fulfill the purposes for which it
was originally intended. He reported that
the work of improvement was rapidly pro
gressing and that the play ground would
be In condition on May day for the recep
tion of the youngsters. A big tent will be
erected, under which the children will be
fed in relays, a gaudily decked Maypole
will be planted on the lawn, new swings
will be erected, the donkeys and goats
will be replenished and pink lemonade of
the "really and truly" circus kind will be
on tap. There are other features, including
a Punch and Judy show and a performing
bear that may be added to the pro
gramme.
Golden Gate Park will echo with the
merry shouts of children on May day.' So
Park Commissioners Lloyd, McDonald
and Stanton decided at their meeting yes
terday afternoon. They decided to throw
the park wide open to the youngsters on
that day, and Superintendent McLaren,
who is a veteran in such affairs, was in
structed to go ahead with the preliminary
arransements.
The Playground Is Being Im
proved and New Foun
tains Erected.
Commission May
day for Next Grand
Jubilation.
CHILDREN'S DAY
AGAIN REVIVED
"Will E. Jackson, Miss Bernlce Scoville, Miss
Caroline Snook. Miss Ida Kervan, Miss Kal
isher, Miss H. L. " Stadtmuller, Miss Jennie
Long and. Miss Lucy Hawthorn.
The afternoon programme was:
Songs, "Slcillana" (Cavalleria Rusticana)
Herbert Williams. Warren Roscoe Lucy,
accompanist.
Violin solo
Miss Aileen McCabe. Mrs. Noah Brandt" "
accompanist.
Songs—
(a) "One Spring Morning".. Nevins
(b) , 'Slave Song' '..... Teresa Del Reglo
Miss Eugenia Brown. Mrs. Wilburn, .
• accompanist. - . • .
Piano solo, ' "Lucia di Lammermoor"...... Liszt
Miss Helen Desmond.
Songs —
iil '.'.^ bs^'i,- ••••¦• •" ....Metcalf
(b) "Good-by" Tostl
Will G. Wood. Miss Marie Wood, accom
panist.
The following programme was given in
the evening: .
Song, prologue, "Pagliacci" Leoncavallo
Robert Lloyd. Miss Edith Adams, ac
: . companlst.
Sony, "Vankas Stfng" Whisham
Mrs. A. -S. Fletcher. Robert Lloyd
. . accompanist.
'Cello solo.. Dr. Arthur Regensberger
Songs—
(a) "Irish Folk Song" Frotl
(b) "Winds in the Trees".. Gorine Thomas
Mrs. John Madden. Miss Edith Adams,
accompanist. a .
Songs Knickerbocker Quartet
Herbert Williams, first tenor; Dr. R.
W. Smith, second tenor; • D. B. Crane,
first basso; L. A. Larsen. second basso.
Licenses to Marry.
OAKLAND, April 20.— Licenses to marry
were issued to-day to Manuel Frates. 37,
and Clara Martin, 37, San Leandro;. Percy
Morgan Teeple, 21, and Gussie Eleanor
Turner, 20,' Oakland; Joe S. Avila, 45, At
water, and Minnie Kate, 35, Oakland; Da
vid William McDermott, 28, Sunol, and
Flora Agnes Mulgrew, 22, San Francisco;
Louis Bertram Lacazette, 21, and Minnie
Elizabeth Otten, 21, San Francisco; James
Madison Hanford Jr., 31, and Bertha la
Roste Vose, 31, Oakland: -William Louis
Fenn>80, and Gertrude Bullard, 30, Berke
ley.
The First Unlversalist Church trustees
in Beverly,' Mass., have made a contract
for a half -page of advertising space in the
leading newspaper for every Saturday.
NEW YORK, April 20.— New York and
Boston game was postponed on account
of rain. . •
PHILADELPHIA, April 20.— Philadel
phia and Brooklyn game postponed on ac
count of rain.
ST. LOUIS, April 20.— Despite the chilly
weather a crowd attended the second
game of the season here to-day. Out of
ten base hits and two home runs, St. Louis
scored eleven runs, thus redeeming the
defeat of the opening game. Attendance
3500. Score:
Clubs— r." h. E.
St. Louis .'. il 10 o
Chicago • 9 15 3
Batteries— Jones and Nichols; .Hughes and
Klin?. Umpire— Emslle.
Cincinnati ...2 9-4
Pittsburg 4 6 2
Batteries — Hahn and Peitz ; Leever and
O' Connor. Umpire— Dwyer.
CINCINNATI, April 20.— Though the
thermometer was almost down. to freez
ing the Cincinnati and Pittsburg teams
opened the season here to-day before, a
crowd of about 3000. Owing to the weather
the usual street parade was cut out and
Mayor Al Leischmann did not waste much
time with his speech at the park. The
locals played brilliantly until the sixth
inning, when Pittsburg made three triples,
which, together with a couple of errors,
netted them four runs, enough to win the
game. The locals wasted many chances
on the bases. In the opening inning four
consecutive hits were made before a man
was retired, yet but one run was scored,
both Hahn and Leever were effective.
Score :
Clubs— ' R. H. E.
BASEBALL GAMES ON .
EASTERN DIAMONDS
DUMBARTON. April 20.— Shamrock" II
was- satisfactorily launched to-day at
Denny's yards in the presence of a crowd
of invited guests, newspaper men and
employes. Lady Dufferin christened the
new challenger, which looked spick and
span in its coat. of white paint, rimmed
with green, while the manganese bottom
of the boat shone like a mirror.- - .
Lord and Lady Dufferin, Sir Thomas
Lapton and others, who came from Glas
gow upon a special train, stood upon a
raised platform decorated with Union
Jacks, the Stars and Stripes and the Irish
flag and with Venetian masts in green and
white, which were the prevailing colors.
Throughout the weather . could not have
been better. The sun shone brightly and
overcoats were discarded. The employes
of the Dennys had a holiday, and in fact
all Dumbarton was en fete to see Lady
Dufferin break the bottle of wine over
the curiously snub-nosed bow of the boat.
The British experts are very confident
about the now boat and think her the best
that ever challenged for the cup.
"But if you don't win," said a corre
spondent to Sir Thomas Lipton, "will you
try It again?"
"I expect next year to build a defender,
not a challenger," was the diplomatic
answer. ..
In this connection the manager of Den.
nys' yard said: "When James Gordon
Bennett saw Shamrock II here a few
weeks ago he said, 'Well, if she wins I'm
prepared to build a challenger.' "
At 11:45 a. m. to-day Sir Thomas Lipton
personally conducted correspondents over
and under the Shamrock II. This minute
inspection confirmed the description of
the cup challenger cabled last night. She
is- built to a general, type, but embodies
such novelties as prove her designers pur
sued an independent line. of development,
rather than followed yachting conven
tions. •
Lipton's Yacht Meets the
Waters at Dum- ;
barton.
Lady Dufferin Christens the
New Challenger for
. . the Cup.
WINE SHOWERS
SHAMROCK'S BOW
SANTA FE OIL
WELL ON FIRE
Flaming Column Shoots
Up From an Olindo
Claim.
Lantern Carried by an Engi
neer Causes a Gas
Explosion.
Special IMspatch to Tha Cali.
! OLIXDA, April 20.-One of the most dis
astrous as well as dangerous fires ever
known in this oil field occurred on the
Santa Fe lease last night. Well No. 21. on
the Santa Fe lease, which until recently
has been drilling at a depth of mere than
130O feet, was put on the pump on Thurs
day and M. I*. Cain, who has been in
charge of the water plant at the old Olin
da ranchhouse, was installed as pumper.
This well is at the bottom of a small and
rocky canyon, with nearly perpendicular
sides, and is almost exactly in the center
of the Socuel Canyon field. The boiler la
close to the rig— much nearer than is cus
tomary In this section, where heavy gas
welfare to be expected — and the gas lino
running from welt No. IS passes just to
the east and within a few feet of this
boiler.
At intervals during the entire week thii
-well has been flowing occasionally as
much as twenty-five barrels of 33-degree
oil at one outburst. Tnen. if the well
were again put on the pump, only water
with a very little oil could be got out of
the hole. About 3:30 o'clock yesterday
afternoon the well commenced flowing and
continued to put out a good grade of oil
until about 4 o'clock, when Cain again
started the pump. Much of the oil thrown
up during that time was allowed to run
down the slump ditch to a point 200 feet
below the well, where a low dirt dam had
been previously thrown across the canyon.
About this time, too, volumes of gas
were pouring out of i;he well and several '
experienced men expressed their view as
to the danger of pumping such a well by
night, and recommended that it be shut
down. At"8:30 o'clock the pumper started
to go — taking his lantern with him — from
the boiler to the derrick. He had barely
crossed the gas line when a wave of gas
came drifting down a little gully in the
mountainside, enveloping man and lan
tern. The explosion was instantaneous
and so terrific as to awaken every sleep
ing person on the Santa Fe, Fullerton and
Olinda leases.
Cain was thrown violently to the ground,
but managed to get to his feet after a
few seconds and staggered up the hillside
to a place of safety.
The flames rushed up ti.e path laid for
them by this outburst of gas, and before
anything could be done the derrick was
a tower of fire, while torrents of burning
oil were thrown fully 200 feet into the .
air by the enormous pressure of the bil
lions of cubic feet of gas in the hole be
neath. The burning spray fell on the hill
sides for more than 100 feet around the
derrick, and this space was soon burned
clear of grass and underbrush.
After razing the oil-soaked derrick the
flames attacked the belt and engine
houses, soon converting both into beds
of charcoal, while the shafts of the en
gine and most of the other iron work are
so sprung that they can never be used
again.
Within a half hour after the fire started
100 people had gathered from the sur
rounding leases and were seated on an
adjacent hillside watching the costly
pyrotechnics.
Gas is -still pouring from the projecting
casing, and the hungry flames are lick
ing it up almost before it can leave the
hole. Occasionally outbursts occur, when,
small a.uantities of burning oil are thrown
from twenty to fifty feet into the air. ]
thus rendering work among the still smol
dering timbers both difficult and danger
ous.
GER MANY FEARS
ITALY'S POLICY
Victor's Relations With
France Excite Sus-
Editors } in Kaiser's Eealm
Call Attention to Mis
takes.
BERLIN, April 20.— Regarding foreign
politics, the sentiment In German political
circles is rather despondent just now.
Among*the well informed the impression
prevails that the Dreibund's renewal this
time is assured, but at the same time Italy
is regarded suspiciously, and disagreeable
surprises in Italy's foreign policy are con
sidered not improbable, in spite of the
Dreibund.
In the face of official denials here, it
Is considered that. Italy will insist on the
alteration of certain paragraphs in the
Dreibund agreement, and it is also cer
tain that Italy's rapprochement with
France is regarded here unfavorably,
since the race and religious affinities be
tween the two countries, once rapproche
ment is affected, will work increasingly.
Germany, on her part. Is dissatisfied with
Italy because Germany has been a steady
loser in the Italo-German commercial
treaty, and because of Italy's inability to
assist Germany in her lately inaugurated
world policy, which the Emperor earnestly
pushes. It is also said the young Italian
King harbors ' little sympathy for Ger
many, owing to the influence of his edu
cation and more recently of his Slav wife,
whose sympathy I? altogether Russian.
The leading papers this week contained
articles on the subject. The Post says
the' efforts to disrupt the harmony of the
Dreibund powers are futile. The Vossische
Zeitung points out the number of faults
committed in the German foreign policy
lately, leading almost to isolation, and
mentions in this connection Great Brit
ain's coquetting with Russia and Italy's
coquetting with France, M. Delcasse's
trip to Sc. Petersburg and M. Waldeck-
Rousseau's trip to Verona.
The Kreuz - Zeiting wonders why there
is this universal hatred against Germany,
including that of the United States, as
evinced commercially, and by the fre
'quently hostile attitude of the United
States toward Germany in China. The
paper in question points out that Germany
is the . only power which, since 1870, has
not gone to war except by joining the
other powers In the China expedition.
WORKMEN HOLD
THE TWO FORTS
Fighting Railway Forces
Are Still Strug
gling.
SALT LAKE, April 20.— Continued ac
tivity on the part of the opposing forces
of Senator W. A. Clark and the Harri
man interests, who are engaged in a
struggle for the possession of the aban
doned right-of-way in Southwestern Utah
and Southeastern Nevada, ¦ is reported
from Uvada and other points along the
proposed line.
The Oregon Short Line is laying track
toward the Summit, near Uvada. while the
Clark forces, who are still holding the
barricaded tunnel No. 1, are hurrying
teams and men to the front of the tunnel,
where grading is actively in progress.
Both sides express the determination not
to give up the disputed grade, and trouble,
if any should result, will come when the
Short Line forces attempt to lay track to
tunnel No. 1, which is practically the only
passage for the proposed road at that
point. The opposing construction forces
will be close together within a few days.
Division Engineer Barlow of the Oregon
Short Line, accompanied by surveyors
and a number of contractors, have start
ed in wagons from Uvada, and will go
over the entire 400 miles to the Southern
Pacific line In California. "Whatever may
be the outcome of the dispute, it appears
certain that the road will be built con
necting Los Angeles and Salt Lake.
CAUGHT BY CXTRRENT
AND CAB-BIED TO - SEA
San Eafael Citizen Besetted From Hi3
Sinking Boat by a Fisher- /
man.
SAN'RAFAEL, April 30.— Caught In the
whirling current that sweeps past Towns
Point, on Point San Pedro, yesterday,
Gustave Kohlhoff, a resident of this city,
nearly lost his life. In company with a
friend of Mr. Kohlhoff was bass fishing on
Perch Rock, off Towns Point. After fish
ing for some hours he got into a frail
skiff and started for shore to procure
fresh water. On the return trip some
time later he was caught in a tide eddv
off the Point and his boat was nearly
swamped.
While attempting to bail the boat both
oars were lost and Mr. Kohlhoff found
himself at the mercy of the swift out
going tide. A fisherman some distance
away was attracted by his calls for help
and went to the rescue. Mr. Kohlhoff
was found clinging to his sinking boat and
had all but given up hope.
Mr. Kohlhoff was a clerk in the late
Assembly.
Another for Reiff.
LONDON, April 20.— At the second day's
racing at Derby to-day the Derbyshire
plate was won by T. D. Dewar's Lord
Provcst, with Johnnie Reiff up.
ALLIED ARTS EXHIBITION CLOSES
AFTER A SUCCESSFUL SEASON
treasury of the club will be considerably
benefited thereby. '
The closing ceremonies of the exhibition
were in charge of Mrs. Arthur. W. Crom
well and the following; committee: .
Mrsfscovilie, Mrs. H. E. Hlghton. Mrs. Jacob
Brandt, Mrs. Ella Sexton, Mrs. M. H. Cook,
Mrs. Emil Pohli, Mrs.. Henry Damkroeger, Mrs.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, STJJSDAY, APRIL 21, 1901.
c
25
~ ' I "We answer the
questions briefly. If
you cut an artery
In your arm you do
not take Internal
medicine to stop the
flow of blood. YOU
USE LOCAL AP-
PLICATIONS. Sim-
ilarly when the ure-
tbral ducts become
weakened and re-
laxed it is ridicu.
lous to take inter-
nal treatment.
Thich must pass through the stomach
ap.cl urine before It reaches the seat of
disease. The 6eminal ducts project Into
the urethral canal through the Prostate
Glar.d. and are easily reached by LOCAL
TREATMENT.
Dr. Carter's "Gran-Solvent" soluble
Bougies will dissolve, digest and forever
remove ' • . ,,¦-•
Urethral Stricture
In 15 days, without pain. Injury or incon-
venience. The bougies are inserted at
night and act while you sleep. "Gran-
Solvent removes every symptom of stric-
ture . lea^rip the canal as healthy as when
Trvrnnnn» l i,v N "° BRUTAL CUT-
TTT\fJ OR DILATING. NO INJECTION'S
TO IRRITATE THE MEMBRANE NO
INTERNAL, DRUGGING TO RUIN THTr
STOMACH. The St. James treatment is
local, direct and positive. l ls
The St. James treatment is prepared In
the form of Crayons, very narrow
smooth, flexible and wholly soluble which
are Inserted Into the water passage at
nlght/where they dissolve and deposit the
medication in its full strength upon th«
Prostate Gland, contracting and strength
enlns: the ducts and FOREVER styip
PING DRAINS AND EMISSIONS knd
curing whil3 the patient sleeps.
Varicocele.
Varlcoeele ls an accumulation of sluic-
gish blood in the veins of the scrotum
due solely to Imperfect circulation, and
has its orljrln in a diseased and torpid
Prostate Gland. Operations in this dis-
ease are only temporary, and no me-
chanical device yet discovered has cured
a slnele case. Gran-Solvent heals the
Prostate and restores healthy circulatlon.
Varieoeele disappears and the - slugrfsh
accumulation is replaced • by pure,
healthy red blood.
Thousands of men strictured, weak.
wastlnp and despondent were cured and
restored by the St James method last
year. A vast army of men In whom the
iietit oflife has penetrated the fearful
niphtmare of stricture and seminal de-
cay. ' 7/
fl v V n S- 1 P erai «- a complete description of the lncompax- m p^ « RBI
afc.c St. James Treatment In urethral diseases. Every sufferer Bf™ 1 F% H*™ If™
£3? fKStS?* Its offs Prfng. Prostatitis and .Seminal Weak- ¦ |J li B
;- F , s B fit rVi wr | l * t0 the St. James Association. 250 St. James gL M §g gg
£* thi* J?fl?J^ U ; °y°' for their wonderful Illustrated work show- B" F% ti~ |f
nfVit* i*££ tK f the human system involved in urethral all- ¦ | | ff Kg
prepaid they wI!1 6end securely wrapped in plain package, g g (^ g^ g^
St, James Assn., 250 St. James Block, Cincinnati, O.
Why Weak Men Are Restored b;
Applied Locally and Dire
r the Magic St. James Treatment
tly to ihe Affected Parts.
Why the Frightful Tension of Stricture is Dissolved Like Snow
Beneath the Sun— IN FIFTEEN DAYS.
j^^s^^^l '"At© you one of those Kidney Cripples with
- v JjWSr a wea^ back? Can't stand up erect with-
'Iraiv \t^K ou^ those sharp pains in small of the
Wjlc^ back. Waken up in the night with dis-
Mtf^^S^^^^^^^^^^jSk^ tress in the kidneys, which makes you
restless and unable to sleep well. You
are. in danger of Bright's Disease and
should correct the trouble at once with
(IT The herbs of this wonderful
SiiT /J\\\\\ wp* remedy act directly on the kid-
1 /sWWW II n °y s and correct any disorders of
I f^vv^\W II those vital organs quicker than any
' ¦ -5/ i H^/Hll §/ The only certain cure for Constipation.
fit 1$ \\lni ¥ ** acts witnout a gripet while you sleep.'
il S, I ' hi 1 1// M. One dose does the work.
l\ ' ; fl illliiB It acts promptly and effectually but gently^
1 1 il' '¦"¦¦¦•*!/////«'" ¦ rW^^ 10U * a e or pain.
» \J^^ v!2?^fc!!_^'^ 100-Page Book of Stories and Anecdotes of Abraham
\^J 1 Lincoln free with ev«ry 25-cent pack*ga- 4&?^F*iitlWis., are visiting their cousin. Mrs. J-
Brunschwiler. Before leaving for Denver
and Salt Lake City they would be pleased
to see their many friends on "Wednesday,
at 16aOB Hayes street.
KEITH'S new line ready to S— wearj
hats. Also new Parts patterns* •
-Mrs. B. Levy of New. Orleans is* visiting
her sister, Mrs. S. Morris, 818 First ave
nue.' At home Mondays. ¦•¦ ¦
Mrs. A. P. Van Duzer and Mrs. J. C. B.
Hebbard are guests at. El Verano Villa,
Sonoma County/. They will visit Oak
Grove, the home of.. Mrs. Wesley Ward,
: Fulton, before they return home.
[ Mr. and Mr3. Julius Klueter of Madison,
trip 'to Europe, to . be .gone about three
months. •¦ . . '
Henry M. Calkins, a"- newspaper man or
San Francisco and Amador, accompanied
by his wife, have gone East on a business
trip,; to remain away several months. ,
! Mrs. A. Mann and family have moved to
1019 ¦ Geary street. At home the second
Wednesday of each month. - ' ~*-~ -.- "
. Caotaln" AV Mauiner* of the United States
Pension Service has'left«f6r an extended
•Dr. D. Friedlander; has" left for Europe,
to be gone about two years.. He sailed on
the .Deutschland, leaving New York on
the lSth' inst. • •••': • ' ' ' - ,
Ilirsch have returned from San Rafael,
where -they were the guests of Mrs. Sam
Label. ; = • .. .- :.•¦•. ; .%» ..
Personals..
. Mr. and Mrs: H. Goldstein, 1800 Sutter
street, will leave to-day on a six months'
tour through the . Southern and ,_ North
western States. ".. '. .' ¦"
Sigmund Hertzman; of A. • Mantz & Co.
leaves this'mornlng for a European trip.
• The confirmation of Sydney Wiener, son
of: Mr. .'and • Mrs.. Marks Wiener, took
place .yesterday at- Temple : Emann-El.'
They will receive to-day . from 2 to 5'
o'clock at their residence, 935%. Jackson
street. . ' - ¦ ¦ -.' : '-<. -
Mrs. Samuel Altshuler, accompanied by
her son, of Whatcom, Wash., will arrive
Sunday, April 28, for a few ¦weeks' visit to
her • mother, Mrs.. H; Jacobs,. 448 Eddy
street. .•„;¦/.. '.. ¦ ¦ •- .-*>*¦¦¦¦.•':;;.
, Mr. arid Mrs.-Henry.Brune have left.for
a'European trip. ¦•' - ¦: • .' ' .'
Miss -iSarah Lubosch and Miss Gussie
sion with palms and roses. 'The bride
wore a, gown "of white organdie'and car-;
ried lilies of the valley. She was attended,
by Miss Anna Gibson of-this city.; as. maid
of honor. George Turbush •'acted as beat:
man. The newly married couple left after
the ceremony for a short bridal tour, after'
which "they will-reside • in "Jamestown,
where Dr. Congdon is engaged in the
practice of his profession.
. '
Home Gatherings. \;
On Wednesday, April 10, ,at her resi
dence,'2S3 Jersey street, Mrs." A. E. Wads-;
worth .entertained the board of the First!
Spiritual Ladies' Aid Society 1 at luncheon.'
Those present were: Mrs. B. F. Small,
Mrs. D. N. Place, Mrs. E. W. Briggs,
Mrs. Sarah Kelly. Mrs, T. Johnson. Mrs.
H..E. Morrelle, Mrs A.C. Foulsham, Mrs.
D. B. Dygert, Mrs. M. A. Mayo, Mrs. A.
E. Wadsworth.
The many friends of Dr. G. W. Carpen
der tendered him a surprise party at- his
residence, 1422 Post street, Monday even
ing, April 15, that date being his seventy
eighth anniversary. The evening was
pleasantly passed In social conversation
and music, followed by refreshments.
On Wednesday, afternoon last Mrs.
Alma E. Keith entertained at her resi
dence, 2624 California street, Mesdames
Rheinstein, M. Hart. Dixon. Bernhardt
and Weinberger. An hour was devoted to
the study of laces, each lady exhibiting
and giving the history of some rare old
piece. As Mrs. Keith has numerous fine
pieces this novelty in the way of enter
tainment was much appreciated. A fine
lunch followed, supplemented by an hour
at euchre.
A pleasant surprise party was given
last week to Master. Eugene, son of James
P. Dockery, at the residence of his par
ents, 78 Carmelita street. There were
songs, music and games and a jolly time |
until the small hours of morning. A fine
gold pen in a pearl handle was awarded
as a prize to Miss Marguerite Law in a
guessing contest. There was also danc
ing during the evening. The young folks
present were: Joseph Dryden, Vincent !
Thomas, Eugene Kerrigan, Harvey Blum, i
Samuel Blum, Horton Bentley, Charles
Rosenthal, Edwin Barron, Willis Lawrie,
Peter Lawrie, George Haeck, Marguerite i
Law, Stella Barron, May Weissenhutter,
Sadie Weissenhutter, Anna Seymour, Vio
la Manuels, Aggie Bevens,\ Bettrize Bo
card. Rosa Blum and Albert Slattery.
A pleasant surprise party was tendered
Miss Madeleine Lagomarsino in honor of
her eighteenth birthday on Tuesday even
ing, April 9, at her home, 86 Elliott Park, j
The guests present were: Mr. and Mrs.
Lagomarsino, the Misses Madeleine Lago
marsino, Grace Walsh, May McLean, Mel
vina Malech, Lizzie Lagomarsino, Emelya
Gatto, Adele Caglieri, Rose Ruffino, Jo
sephine Rochford, Mary Casassa, Belle
Campodonico, Messrs. A. Bacigalupl. J.
Icardo. E. Cassin. E. Griffith, W. Need-'
ham, F. Stigliano. E. Walsh, V. Hasmer,
M. Morris, A. Icardo and Charles Pete.
A birthday party was given to Miss Jen
nie Thomas on Friday evening at the res
idence of her parents. 1411 Guerrero street.
Those present were: Miss Maggie Shaugh
nessy, Miss Anita Debenham, Miss Alice
Carson, Miss May Metzner. Miss Louise
Chaigneau, Miss Bella Banz, Miss Sadie
Cole, Miss Jennie Thomas. Miss Eleanor
Thomas, Eugene Blanchard, Ralph Fick
ett, George Morrison; Irving Smith, Ralph
Hardy, Arthur Nelson, Frank Arthur,
Howard Cutting, Charles Mason, Mr. and
Mrs. C. M. Thomas, Mrs. R. Duncan and
Mrs. William Shaughnessy.
A delightful surprise party was given to
Miss Annie Samuel by a party of school
mates at her residence, 1208 Scott street,
cn Saturday evening last. Among those,
present were: Miss Annie Samuel, Miss
Nellie Moore, Miss Emma Merlllion, Miss
Mabel Byington, Miss Carrie Samuel, Miss
Agnes Merillion. Miss Mabel Curren, Miss
Laura Grupe, Miss Dora Worth, Miss Kit
tie Samuel, Miss. Laura Ireland, Miss
Maude Owens, Mr. Eugene Byington, Mr.
Arthur Heyneman. Mr. Horace Hazell,
Mr. Bert White, Mr. Leo Sheerin, Mr.
Frank Dunn, Mr. Abe Friedman, Mr.
Frank Burns and Mr...Frank. Cummings.
Mrs. J. Pearson celebrated her fifty
fourth, birthday at her. residence, 113 M.U
ton street, on Easter Sunday. A grand
supper, dancing "and speech-making were
the features of Ihe- evening. Among those
present were Mr. and Mrs. Pearson, Mr.&..
Scheper. Mrs. Uphoff. William Scheper,
Mr and Mrs. H. Stewart. Miss Florence
Stewart, Mr. .and Mrs. Carlson, Mr. and
Mrs. Merkens, Miss Wilhelmina Merkens
Mrs. Cuhha, Miss Mav Ciinha. Mr. and
Mrs Wilkens, Miss Marv. Bowers, Miss
Emily Cunha, W. C. Vclgt.E. Brevrer.-J:
B. Anderson, Professor H. Inskipp, C.
Fett, H. Neulecka, J. Aula, L. StrieEel,
Master Ernest Merkens and Eddy Carl
son. ¦ ¦
Club Parties.
Minerva Parlor No. 2, Native Daugh
ters of the Golden West, celebrated its
fourteenth anniversary with a trolley
party on Thursay evening, April 11. After
a run through the city the party went to
the Beach Tavern on the Oceanjpoule
vard, where supper was served: -tfpeech
making was - indulged An after supper, the
president, Mary Creigh; District Deputy
Mrs. Mary Meyers, Past Presidents Mrs.
Bond.' Mrs. Blakeley, Mrs. Pendergast,
Annie L. Sisters Martaln, Wil
son and Mrs. Evans being the speakers.
Dancing followed. Those present'.were:
Mary Creigh, Mrs. A. H. Blakeley, Mrs.
L. Shade, A. Minerva Wall, H.- Matilda
.Wilson. Carrie W. Creigh, Mrs. Mary
Meyers, Annie * L. Donaldson, Mary A.
Penipsey, Margaret A. Wynne, Mrs. T.
F. Pendergast, Katheryn Curran, Mrs.
Emma Bond, Mrs. Lena Wall, Mrs. Van
derbilt Stevens, Mrs. O'Kane, Minnie
Sericano, Mrs. Emma Kroder, Mrs. Annie
Krcder, Mrs. Belle Sunder, Mrs. Lillian
Farrell, Amelia Martin, Emma Bchalich,
Rebecca Kimball, Mrs. Margaret Gran
ville, Mrs.' Muenter, Lottie Hamilton, Nel
lie Wynne, lira. M. Evans,. Helena Mas
son, Mrs. W. J. Conrad, Ada Dillon, Mrs.
E. H. Beverly, Kate T, Maguire, A. Do
ran, Kate Smith, Annie Gaston,. Lolita
Spoerer, Elizabeth Corkery, Louise
Shearer and Mrs. Wakerig.
On Monday night a lively party attend
ed the Columbia Theater. After the per
formance an elaborate supper was en
joyed. Those in the party were: Miss F.
Katz, Dr. von der Lieth, Miss B. L. Gam
bitz, William Hess, Miss B. Mohr, Dr.' C.
B. Root, Miss C. Ernest, H. Lester, Miss
L. Maier, A. Windt, Miss S. Meyer, Dr.
J. C. Stinson, Miss Faith Gambitz, J. A.
Kline, Miss Edna Thode, H. C. Kennedy,
Miss T. Meyer, Dr. L. R. Gambitz, Miss
C. Campe and H. Windt.
The San Francisco Outing Club on last
Sunday gave its flret outing of the season
in the way of an excursion to Glenwood!
Music was furnished by the j club's or
chestra. The affair was successfully con
ducted by Lester Coglan, x manager, and
Messrs. Coogan,' Shepston; Manning,
Brady and Miss Lillian O'Connor, assist
ants. The following members enjoyed the
trip: Misses Lillian O'Connor, Kittle Fo
ley, Lottie O'Dea, Jessie Fitzgerald, Tena
Fitzmaurice, Blanche Carrington, Jessie
Miller, Alice O*Mera, Tessie Guinee, Mae
Burress, Sadie O'Mera, Katie Harney,
Ella Barrett, Virginia Stack, Louise Narr,
Amele Moore, Delia Ahern; Vera Flana
gan, Lillian Politeur, Mae Barrett, Annie
Congdon, Kittle Kingston, Messrs. Lester
Coglan, Al Shepston, Jim Manning, Will
Coogan, Bert Brady,-Frank Guinee, Frank
Deasv, Joe Cooney; Al Cooney, Charles,
Bogle, James A. Brown, J. Wesley F"lnch,
Franklin Foye. Louis Gerlach. Ed Shorb,
Frank Pool, George Boyd, Fred Smiten
house, John Kingston, John Guinee, John
O'Connor and Will Beale. The next out-
Ing will be to Camp Taylor, May 25.
On April 12 the Phi Delta Theta Fra
ternity of Stanford gave a large dancing
party. Among the guests were Misses
Fanny /Arquer,: Esther Avery. Claire
Soule, Clara Stephenson, Amy Ferguson,
Ruth Stephenson, Hendricks, Mary GI1
man, Radding, Glars, Lccv,' Chambers
Corbetf, Hill, Lorer, Henzell, Perrin',
Ev^ins; Messrs. 'Jack Reynolds. Chester
Murphy, Edwards, Fisher, Parker, Tar-%
rington, Foster, Whitlemore, Lockey,
Coebrisin, Whittaker, Hendricks, Baru
linel, and others.
IN SOCIETY'S REALM
Mr. and Mrs. William B. Glidden an
nounce the engagement of their daughter,
Grace, to George Worth Richardson. The
wedding will take place at the residence
of the bride's parents, 2712 Webster street,
.on Wednesday noon, April 24, the Rev.
Dr. Rader officiating. It is to be a very
quiet -affair, only the families and rela
tives wilTbe present. The couple will
leave in the afternoon for the south.
Mr. and Mrs. Charles A. Wagner an
nounce the engagement of their daughter,
Christelle E. Wagner, to John F. Mues.
Mr. and Mrs. M. Goodman announce the
engagement of their daughter. Bertha, to
Paul Gottlieb, and also the betrothal of
their daughter, Mollie, to Max Schwartz.
They're Engaged.
Edmond Keeffe. Percy Windham, M. V.I
Politeo, Dr. Calvin W. Knowles, Oscar
Meussdorffer.
The club will commence its twelfth sea
son early next winter.
- — -ftiTT season that is the social
r~~fyS season of the town Is about
// I - over. There are a few more
(V I wedding bells to ring joyfully
\\J^ and then all will be quiet ex-
' cept for the happy echoe* that
will come from the various re-
The members of the Entre Nous Cotillon
closed their eleventh season with a bril
liant assembly and german last Friday
evening at the Palace Hotel. - : - Six pretty
and intricate figures of the german were
danced under the leadership- of Sanford
G. Lewald, assisted by his partner. Miss
Cora Kelsey.
The club has had, as usual, this season,
a membership of fifty couples, and all the
receptions given have been successful, en
joyable gatherings: The following par
ticipated in the leading set: Misses Gene
vieve Smith, L. H. Bates, Virginia Good-
DR C E CONGDON AND MISS BELLE HALL. WHO WERE UNITED IN
MARRIAGE THURSDAY IN a HIS CITY BY THE REV. FATHER
SAMPSON.
pell, Ethel Way. Aimee Auger, Gertrude
Coleman, Linda Priber. Bessie Baker,
Irene Meussdorffer. Belle Herzer, Lillian
Lubben. Doris Heuer. Ella von Kapff.
May Morris, Gertrude Coleman. May
Wood, Emma Brady, Lillian Malm, May
Ludlow. Gladys Delzelle, Adelaide Sam
uels. Alvina Vellguth, Florence Fris
bee May Nolan, Amenetine Manges,
Coral Gilbert, Jennie Root. Edith
Huff, Mr. and Mrs. James M. Thomson.
Dr. and Mrs. Frank L. Pratt, Mr. and
Mrs. Walter A. Hoffman, Mr. and Mrs.
Malby McMahan. Messrs. William F.
Hooke. Arthur Meussdorffer, Walter H.
Rob'nson. Percy Hammond. Alfred E.
Lorber. Henry Lassen, Samuel O. Stan
van, Henry van Valkenbergh. R. F.
Monges, Philip J. Eisenmann, Dr. A. W.
Baker. Alphonse Sutter. Herman Herzer.
Arthur Hinton. Fred W. Burgers, Dr.
William C. Hopper, Frank Krull, H. L.
Swanger, Charles Stewart. Joseph B. Dug
pan, Dave Wise, Arthur Piper, Ira S. Lil
llck. Acton Haven. Charles E. Pesoli, Dr.
Mr. and Mrs. T. B. Keeslng announce
the engagement of their daughter, Jul a,
to Sydney H. Moss of Sydney, Australia.
They will hold a reception on May 12 at
the home of Mrs. Keeslng, 28i9 Laguna
The marriage of Edward J. Beardsley
and Miss Mae McMahon will be solemn
ized at Holy Cross Church, Eddy street,
near Scott, on next Wednesday evening,
April 24. at 8 o'clock, the Rev. Father Mc-
Ginty officiating. Miss Hannah Lenihan
will be maid of honor, while Charles Ca
sassa will act as best man.
The engagement is announced of Miss
Hazel L. Curtis, a society belle of Oak
land, and Cecil Riley of Santa Rosa. The
day of the wedding has not as yet been
set, but it is to be some time in the near
future. Miss Curtis is a daughter of Gil
bert L. Curtis, a prominent East Oakland
capitalist. Mr. Riley is a son of George
R. Riley of cattle fame.
Wedding- Balls.
The wedding of Carl Ames Bacheldcr
and Miss Ethel Glover Downs -was solemn
ized on Monday evening, April 15, at the
home of the bride's parents, 1224 Chestnut
street Rev. J. K. McLean of Oakland
officiating. Miss Alice Baker was maid of
honor and Pliny Holt of Stockton best
man. Mr. and Mrs. Bachelder will make
their home in Oakland. j-
One of the prettiest weddings of the
Easter season was celebrated at the home
of Mr J. W. Shouten, 36 Belvedere street,
on Thursday evening, April 11, the con
tracting: parties being: Mr. Albert Edward
Morcom of ths wholesale stationery de
partment of Sanborn, Vail & Co. and Miss
Minnie Jenne, also of this city. Attended
by Miss Annie Jenne as maid of honor and
Fred N. Morcom as best man, they were
married beneath* an arch of pink and
white roses. Dr. S. D. Hutslnpiller of the
Central Methodist Church, of which the
bride and groom are members, officiated.
After their return from their bridal trip
Mr. and Mrs. Morcom will reside at 682
Hayes street. .
John H. Thompson, one of the wealth
iest young farmers of the Watsonville
district, and Miss Catherine Ford, niece
of Mrs. Scha-effer, prominent in Gilroy;
society, ¦were married at St. Joseph s
Catholic Church in Gilroy last Wednes
day, the Rev.. Father Hudson officiating.
The wedding was an elaborate affair. The
chuich and the house of the bride's aunt,
where a wedding feast was held after the
ceremony, were beautifully decorated.
John Cussen of San Francisco acted as
best man and Miss May Quilty as
bridesmaid. Mr. and Mrs. Thompson went
to Los Angeles on their wedding trip.
A pretty home wedding occurred at the
home Of "Mrs. E. C. Hall, 906 Devisadero
street, last Thursday afternoon, when her
daughter. Miss Belle Hall, was united in
marriage to Dr. C. E. Congdon of James
town. The ceremony was performed by
Rev. Father Sampson.
Elaborate preparations had been made
for the wedding, but owing to the illness
of Mrs. Hall it was decided that the affair
should be conducted as quietly as possi
ble. Only about fifty relatives and inti
mate friends were present. The. house
was beautifully decorated for the occa-
THE SAN FRANCISCO •CAIiL, SUNDAY, APRIL. 21, 1901.
26
DERMATOLOGISTS.
Permanently remove superfluous hair and other
facial blemishes with the electric needle with-
out pain or ecar. Wrinkles removed with the
electric roller. Skin diseases cured. Free de-
monstration of ability to make hair grow on
bald heads. Hours 1 to 4 p. m. Evening* by
appointment. Donohoe bid?., 1170 Market St.,
cor. Taylor, rooms 2S-29. 8. F. Brahman Toilet
Cream, 50c; Brahman Tooth Powder, 25c. All
druggists. Large stock always at J. S. Potts'
Drus Co.
Dr. & Mrs. TRAVERSE,
ADVEETISEMEUTS.
642 Market 5t. instrumlnts
tiHocn cmromicu Bu»L0iN&. CaTAIOSUI FKL
Stereo Field Glasses
AT
REDUCED PRICES.
Oculifta* rrcBcrtDtioaB filled. Factory on
premises. Quick repairing. Phone. Main 10.
NEW BAUSCH & LOMB
ADVERTISEMENTS.
mB^SHSSK/HBV tgS K& Bm mS '* fS tBm J^B^iaa^9BiaaaaaaaaBH EV JB \<aaaf -iRv aal /VtS B jt!±£S8f Sg fif £S. jP^^^PjfijJiSlTTOprM^ *A JW¥»ffin9
IOVCf WrOIISKt NerVeS. HeartfeltStories from Cured Women.
; • ¦ ' ' ' . " ' ' \ ' '¦ .•¦¦¦¦¦ . "Dkab Mrs. Petkham: — I feel it 1 my duty to write and tell yon cf
. As SOOn as a Woman's nerves become excited by SOm© the benefit I have received from your wonderful remedies. M
. feminine disorder, she loses control of her speech. ¦ _^' -~t . "Before taking your Vegetable Compound I I
She has no patience with anybody or anything. ¦ I was a ml9 ery to myself and every g
, The ones she loathe best are the ones to whom she JS^, ZlZZZfvnZ^Zs^Tl^!. I
; talks the meanest. . _ "I suffered terrible pain ia my back,head, f]
\ Trifles light as air drive her almost frantic. mSmr^^^ and risrht side> was very nervOTI3 ' would CI 7 f or e
I She is worse than Crazy, because She knOWS what She lllilr /^!2> £d hours. Menses would appear sometimes in two d
is doing and can't help it. W — H 7 ee^ th « 11^ Ilotf i orthj -7 an + df 1 OTrm ° n^ s - |
wuwuguu r m . j?V \ I was so tired and weak, conld not sleep nights, H
I She doesn't have hysteria and doesn't have fainting jg / sharp pains would dart through my heart that 1
H Spells. - . ' " / I would almost cause me to fall. I 'was so poor S
1 She is nervous, horribly nervous. -d*^^^^^*™ and white that my folk3 thou^ ht J wa3 oin^ to fi
| Does she get sympathy? Oh, yes, she gets B ympath y lmmKM-»Jg^Z^%5£2!l B -z I
I for awhile, but she acts so outrageously that everybody had no faith in it, but to please her I did so. 1
I keeps OUt Of her Way as much as possible. After a while I I The first bottle helped me so much that I con- B
S they begin to think she*S malicious and Could do better if tinned its use. I am now well and weigh more than I ever did in my life, fi
H She tried real hard " Your remedies deserve the highest prals*." — Mss. Wvxxfxed Air- a
I She has turned her best friends against her. le^kb, Famington, iil f|
|1 This woman is sick with about the mpst discouraging • B
I sickness women can have and there is a person who || I Sj
i understands her case better than any one else in the Jp|iij{ii§i^ Compound has done for me. i had been a sni- a
H world. .That person is Mrs. Pinkham. The nervousness '^^^^^^^^tsi ferer for year3 ""^h female trouble. I could %
|j COmeS from Some derangement Of the feminine Organs, 'il|lz > ~'" " H neith er read nor sew bnt a few minutes at a time I]
1 arid is constantly fed and made worse by the constantly m* 4$ withontsnffermg terribly with my head. My |
H , . ,. J tj, , ,. • ,¦.,-., J . fjTO 4®* &$9$ back and kidneys also troubled me all the time. IS
I developing disease. Female. diseases never get better of - W -^_-FT --'-Was advised by a friend to take Lydia I
I themselves. They must have proper treatment. Ordinary vG Js / E.Plnkham's Vegetable Compound. 1
g physicians do not know how to grapple with these dis- ®^_ I had no faith in it, but decided to try it. After n
M eases Of women. Out Of the hundreds Of thousands of S5^r using 1 one bottle I felt so much better that I con- la
Eg women Mrs. Pinkham has cured, not one in five hundred tinued ita use » and b 7 the time 1 had taken six «
H tried her advice or her medicine until they had exhausted < bottles I was cured. There 13 no other medicfaie S
m the Skill Of their own physician, Sometimes of several ! £^t 1 forme. I recommend it to all my friends."— Mrs. S3
I physicians. || m^.sarah swoder^ Sabah Swoi)gB ; 10 3 w^ 8t stt La p orte> a
I Mrs. Pinkham^s address is Lynn, Mass. Her advice is ' _[- — — : 3
9 prompt and free to all suffering women. . .« dj^b mes! PrsraaAM :— I am very gxatefnl to you for your kindness fl
H ' YOU may not knOW that your nerVOUSneSS COmeS from ¦ and the interest you h»ve taken in me, and truly believe your medicines I]
i ' « Am .i A 4-^nkioa Vnnr Anrtnv mav nnt knnw it TTa mav and advice are worth more to a woman than all the doctors in the world. U
I female troubles. I our aoctor may not it. lie may For years x had fema i e troubles and did nothing for them, of course, 1 u
H tell you it does not ; but does he cure you? Does ne nelp ¦ _ L .<siMi^j»' _ 'T h 6 *^ 1118 no better and finally frrnv* H nW n *1
M T0U any ? Mrs. Pinkham Will '" tell you the truth about liPSIpi&il'v My troubles hegan with inflammation and hemor- H
1 vourself and you'll believe her. Don't throw your life's d^^^^^ix rhages from the kidneys, then inflammation, con- fj
I Lppiness away and make yourself unlovable when a little f?ov^i df fn^°rw h «Srio2i^^ N
M diligent heed to Mrs. Pinknam's advice will drive away J&MW^sa irM day f or 6ome time ; th en after nearly two months n
I your nervousness by removing the cause of your trouble. §§§1? §v thedoctor & aveme P ermiss ionto?o backt o"«'ork. a
1 Read carefully the letters from women Mrs. Pinkham §» «A/ JeuS* to^uV'nXo^btd" 6^ b"aM^ I
H has helped. . - . *^/ down the second time, I decided to let doctors M
i a -fL* +V»irfv viaorq nf Riirrpqq in rnrino- wnmen's iliq '^1 TjaJu,/ and their medicine alone and try your remedies. B
g After thirty years 01 BUCCeSS in CUnng women S HIS, Before the first bottle was gone I felt the effects M
E§ can you not believe it worth wnile to test tne virtues 01 ]^^^^^r!t^. oi il - Three bottles of the Compound and a y
vjt aataaa«BBBiL»B^2 ' P ac ' £a & e °^ the Sanative Wash did me more good fi
H -¦ mm^ -mm ¦ m*B— M-l- '^ g^ MRS.t.J.GOODLH than all the doctors' treatments and medicine. El
I Lydia E. Pinkham's T^^z^^^ttssr^&tA'^^^jji d
Hwv: -,'Vn -_ : _¦ never hesitate to tell the cause of my health. I have gained twelve H
I H#£fc jr»i6l#^fiifjpl tTmf&Bn 8H 3%BB Sftffs Jr P ounds during the last two months and am better in every way. Thanks H
I W eMM&B** QjlMBBBg&WIBMVa S for your kind attention and advice. "—Mai E. J. GooDidf, Ackley, Iowa! d
H rf^ BB3ES& seS&L j£3&t jGfe, Ci ff^ 1 A i A Ci »T\ Owin? to the fact that some skeptical people have from time to time auestionpd W
H *» H^ Milk tW HI & ' I"! ff* \m\S EA F\ LJ the genuineness of the testimonial letters ws are constantly publishine we hi™ ? l
I NP m 1 If if I 111— W WF-^i Ifc^ deposited with the National City Bank, of Lynn, AT**., $5,000, whi™ will be «dd H
Hi TT B» If U a m^ JB *° a^y person who can show that the above testimonials are not. genuine, or were published before obtairiWV^« *1
m - writers' special permission.— Lydia E. PnrKHAii MBDiccnt Co., Lynn, Mass. «*u^u o *ao u
j&Gfe. French
fi£?£Y9 Straight-
W Front
T\k CORSETS
/iIsipw Ful1
//wrljABias i
't<^^/ Gored,
Sapphire,
£f Bon Ton *
ffl% ' ? A Royal
«JLl Ji >\ Worcester
$1.00 to $15.00 a Pair.
Corset Fitting Parlors.
A few pains of Sample High-Grade Cor-
sets for sale at half price.
CHESTER F. WRIGHT,
6 GEARY ST., cor. Kearny.
J .
!b b&Sl A SEASON 1901. i
UA mW Bathing Suits
[] KNIToTING CO. For Men, Women and Children 1
8 now located at are Prettier than ever. B
I 6O OE/\RY STREET, NEW STYLES. NEW COLORS. 1|
I Bee Kearny St. and Grant Ave. Bathing Hats, Caps. Shoes, Ij
I mmmmmmmmmmm^ mmmmm^ mim^^ m^^^ m . Stockings and Handkerchiefs. B
I '-J- f LINURET— Pure Linen. |
! Pficfor'c WtlAarxtmir J XYLORET— Pure Lisle.^ i
3 riisiwr s uflucrwctir 1 BOMBYRET-pu re snk. i
1 I VILLURET-Pure Wool. |
i KNITTED TO ORDER AND TO FIT. ti
SPECIAL SWEATERSALE^fe,
I FOR MEN THIS WEEK. fi^^^S 1
| 500 SWEATERS— Fancy stitch; preat variety; fej Wz$£EEBa O |
9 regular $4.00 value. Special this week... . .?3.4O "fee: fe-——^ fjf I
U 300 SWEATERS— AH colors and stripes; resrular \% f&tiWtiiSa p3 H
g $3.00 value. Special this week $2.50 fcfl g
iioo SWEATERS-Regular^2.5O value. Special |
!j SWE\\TERS^Re^ar"$i.7s"\^VuV.'"" Special I
Powders
«*I ""if™ »" blfmi«ht«, protect*, creierrea BPf
HEJ and im parti to thoekin that roee-llke color n£
Sff »J«t >o(tn«Be; contains no in]arion« »nb- H ,
«qr (Mace whatever, sa common in imitation*, ra-
jgj J. A. fptxonf Co.. St. Lonlg or Mew York, jjMT the last held meeting of Har
mony Chapter of the Order of
the Eastern Star * after the
business of the evening there
was a good-by au revoir re
ception to associate matron
Mrs. J. M. Klein and to Miss
Ella Rohlffa. the Adah of the cen
tral star, on the eve of the departure
of these ladles, the former going East
and the latter to Europe. There were
many present to wish the travelers god
speed and a safe return, after which there
was a banquet and a dance. During -the
evening Mrs. Klein sang ballads, Mrs.
Annie M. Johnson recited "Tom's Little
Star." end Miss Cordle Wetjen enter
tained with whistling popular airs. The
affair was under the direction of J»/> rtny
Matron Mrs. Margaret Kelton and Worthy
Patron Robert N. Carson.
As Beulah Chapter will have initiation
to-morrow night Olive Branch Chapter
has postponed its next meeting for two
weeks to give the officers and %nembers
aa oportunity to see how the work is done
in South San Francisco. .
After the close of business in King
Solomon Chapter last Wednesday the
many members and visitors were treated
to an old-time minstrel show by a dozen
of the members, who blacked up and gave
an excellent vaudeville programme.
Messrs. McCloskey and Baehr were end
men and Alexander Spence, who has had
much experience in getting up similar
ghows, was the interlocutor. There was
good singing, new jokes, local and foreign,
and epecialties which kept the audience,
eo long as the quaintly-dressed performers
were on the stage, in the best of humor.
In addition to those named the par
ticipants were Misses Simpson, Doud,
O'Keefe and Hobro, Mrs. L. L. Baehr and
Mr. Hobro. The performance was fol
lowed by the serving of a collation. The
chapter will, in all probability, entertain
the grand matron when she comes to this
city next month to make official visits.
On that occasion the members will strive
to excel the reputation they have already
as entertainers.
Odd Fellows.
Grand Master Watson paid an official
visit last Monday to Excelsior Lodge; on
Thursday he attended a Joint meeting of
the lodges in Sacramento, held under the
e.uspices of Capital Lodge and last night
lie visited the lodge at Pleasant Grove.
That was the last to visit during his term.
During that time he has visited every
lodge in his district and many outside
thereof. His lectures of instruction, it is
said, were the best that have been deliv
ered in subordinate lodges, containing, as
they did, a great deal of information
About tha manner in which the work of
the order should be carried on.
Yerba Buena Lodge is working hard to
reach the 400 mark before the next ses
sion of the Grand Lodge. It now has 366
members, and is hard pressed in the race
for supremacy by Garden City Lodge.
Grand Patriarch Gummoe visited the
encampment in Forest Hill on the, 18th
inst.
The lecture on Odd Fellow lodges In
foreign countries, delivered by Mr. Peter-
Ben of Templar Lodge before that, subor
dinate last week, was a very interesting
one. The lecturer stated that whenever
one of these lodges gives a social function
or a banquet every member attends in full
evening dress. The next lecture before
that lodge will be by Dr. T. B. W. Leland.
The entertainment given last Wednes
day night by Unity Lodge in celebration
of its thirty-fourth anniversary of insti
tution drew to Mission Paxlor Hall an
audience that filled the place. After an
address by Past Grand Master Barnes,
there was a programme of varied num
bers, contributed by Miss Clara Degen,
Aliss May Chandler, Robert W. Jones,
wIIks Irene Geimer, Mis3 Edythe Crosett.
Miss Mabelle Craig, William Fenster
macher, George Bush, William Kells,
Misses Dixie and Ursula Du Bols, Miss
Sadie Joyce, Fred Casad, Miss Edna
Clarion de Guere, J. G. Beeket and Arthur
Mcrnee. Then followed dancing.
The excursion to and picnic at Fern
brook Park on the 26th inst by Canton
No. 5 of the Patriarchs Militant promises
to be a grand a/fair. A feature will be the
conferring by <Oeneral H. O. Brower and
Maff of the decoration of chevalier, upon
the following named for meritorious ser
vice in the cause of Odd Fellowship: John
II. Poster, George W. Fahner and Chris
tian T. Johnson.-
Golden Gate Lodge at its last held meet-
Ing had work In the initiatory degree in
the presence of a large number of the
members and many visitors. The work
was admirably performed, and all became
very enthusiastic. The lodge has had a
busy term so far In the line of initiations,
and there are still several to take the de
gree. This lodge expects to lead In num
bers before H>e term ends. After the meet
ing there was a good hour of entertain
ment, musical and literary.
The Rebekahs.
Walhalla Rebekah Lodge has arranged
an entertainment to be given in its hall
on the night of the 27th Inst. for the
pleasure of the members and friends. An
excellent programme will be presented.
At a recent meeting of Jubilee Lodge
th«»re was a jolly crowd present and two
candidates were initiated. The work of
the evening was followed by a peanut con
test for a prize, which was won by Miss
Erney Happ of the lodge. : The booby
prize was won by Miss Louise Fisher, also
of the lodge.
Oriental Rebekah Lodge has arranged
for a flower party and Maypole dance in
the banquet hall of the Odd Fellows'
building on the night of the 1st of May.
The entertainment and drill that is to
be given in Odd Fellows' building on the
night of the 26th inst. by the San Fran
cisco Drill Corps promises to be one of
the prettiest functions that has ever been
given by that branch of the order. The
numerical strength of the corps has been
increased and the members are perfect In
drilL
The Order of Elks.
San Jose Lodge, which now has a mem
bership of 250, is raising a fund for
the purpose of building a new home. The
lodge will give a social In May.
Oakland Lodge starts in the new term
Trtth 360 members, and still has with lt
Us old-time "war Elk," J. J. Hanlfin Jr.
This lodge cleared more than 51500 by its
recent minstrel show.
The new officers of Los Angeles Lodge
have to look after a membership of 465,
which they will strive to increase to 600
by the first of next April.
Santa Rosa Lodge at its last held meet
ing initiated six 6trangers, Increasing the
membership to 110.
Exalted Ruler Devlin of Vallejo Lodge
•was re-elected to that office and finds him
self at the head of 105 members. He hopes
that by the time his successor shall be
elected the lodge will have 175 names on
Its roll.
The Druidic Order.
Eureka Lodge, recently instituted, now
boasts of 195 members. It is frequently
visited by Elk Buhne of San Francisco
Lodge, and he takes an active interest in
the work. Exalted Ruler Cadman is spok
en of as a model officer. The lodge will
give an entertainment next month.
The election of San Diego Lodge was a
very quiet one, there being no opposition.
Elk Robert Jones, the genial secretary,
will have to serve another term in that
efflce.
At the last l'eld meeting of Hartnagle
Chapter four Druids were received Into
the sublime degree by initiation, one was
reinstated and Fix applications were pre
sented. These will be initiated at the next
session. On the sam« night the following
named ofScers vrill be Installed: Ja^aes F.
Martinoni, chief Druid; John Icardo, chief
bard: J. Hutton. secretary: A. Ju Arm-
Ftrong. treasurer: E. C. Luchessa. guide;
J. Caccla. guardian, and Jacob Wisner,
sentinel. There will be t. meeting of the
chapter to enable delegates from the in
terior to the Grand Grove to become mem
bers. MftMWVI - - *
L.ast week Volta Grove conferred the
pecond and third degrees on a number af
( ligibles. after which there was a colla
tion, music, songs and speeches.
Last Wednesday night a new grove to
work in the Italian language and named
Monte \erdi was instituted in the Fol-
Eom-street temple by Past Noble Grand
Arch F. Cavagnaro, acting as noble grand
erch, assisted by Grand Secretary Graves.
Grand Marshal C. Guglielmoni, Grand
Treasurer F. Horn and Past Arches A.
Olimo. Dr. N. Torello. G. Fontana. L. Val
fani and G. P. Barsotti. Olympia Grove
visited in a body and was present during
the ceremony. The new grove starts In
with eighty-two members, twenty-nine
being members of Aurora Grove, who did
rot wish to leave the Mission district for
a new meeting place in the heart of the
city. The principal organizer was. the
grand marshal. After the proclamation of
institution there were addresses by the
acting noble grand arch, the grand secre
tary, E. C. Stock, Dr. J. M. Bowers, Dr.
Active preparations are being made for
the approaching convention of the Grand
Lodge of the State of California at Stock
ton Grand Keeper, of Records and Seal
Herman Schaffner visited that , city last
Thursday night in connection with the
arrangements • for holding the Grand
Lod,?e session. < • . ¦ ......
The executive .committee that has
charge of the arrangements for the) re-
Knights of Pythias.
Knights of the Maccabees.
The degree team of Golden '.West Tent,
which presents the ritualistic work in a
manner that is almost perfect, is greatly
elated over the fact that It' defeated the
teams of the other two tents in this city
in a contest, and that It subsequently got
away with the prize in a contest before
the recent State convention. •
George Victor Leroi of ' San Francisco
Tent, elected supreme representative to
the national supreme convention to be
held in Port Huron next July, < is a pajt
commander and one of the most popular
members of his tent. He joined the order
In Alameda in 1S36 and transferred to San
Francisco Tent two years later, has held
many offices and has always been a most
faithful and untiring worker, being ready
at all time to do committee work. As a
recognition of his services the tent a short
time since presented him a beautiful dia
mond set jewel. • Sir Knight Leroi, .who is
a native of Paris, France, has for fifteen
vears held an important clerkship in the
office of the president of the Wells, Fargo
Company. t - ... ..'.•: : : .
Native Daughters.
The committee has completed all its ar
rangements for the anniversary ball, to
be given by Oro Fino Parlor in celebra
tion cf its fourteenth anniversary. The
programme is announced for 8:30 o'clock.
The following named were visitors at
the office of the grand secretary last
week: Daisy Payne, Jennie and lAary
Llthgow and Ida B. German, of Amapola
Parlor and Dr. Florence Temple.
Fremont Parlor gave an evening at
home to Its friends last Thursday night.
There were many present, who spent a
very pleasant evening as the guests of the
entertaining parlor^ - %•".* ;
Native Sons.
California Parlor paid a fraternal visit
to El Dorado Parlor last Thursday night,
ajid the visiting members were welcomed
by President Greely • of the visited par
lor and there was a response by President
Lenehan of the visiting parlor. This was
followed by a programme of entertain
ment, under the direction of Past Presi
dent Coburn of El Dorado Parlor. Among
the speakers who were called upon to fur
nish oratory between music, were Grand
Secretary Lunstedt, Gustav Gunzendor
fer. Frank W. Marston. James P. Dock
ery, Lou Mayer, H. P. Pernau. M. Fitz
gerald and James Donahue. The music
was by W. D. Hobro Jr., J. J. Neubarth
and William Rowlands.
Alcatraz Parlor had a very pleasant
party last week in the. banquet hall of the
Native Sons' building. The many » who
attended this function were delightfully
entertained.
Choppers' Friendship Club.
The Choppers' Friendship Club, the aux
iliary of the Woodmen of the "World, will
hold a picnic in Fernbrook Park, Niles
Canyon, on the 14th of July. An energetic
committee is at work and will arrange
for a fine outing.
Woodmen of the "World.
All arrangements have been completed
for the celebration of the tenth anniver
sary of the institution of Golden Gate
Camp No. 64, in the assembly hall of the
Native Sons' building. This Is to be an
increase meeting, which will be for,mem
bers of the camp only and* those who
shall be applicants for admission. There
will be a programme of entertainment of
high order, something novel in character
and decidedly interestins.
There will be a bay excursion on the
steamer Oakland on the 23d of June in aid
of the Relief Bureau of the Woodmen of
the World. The trip will be from the
ferry landing to the Union Iron Works,
thence around the bay and to Vallejo.
California, the new camp, is forging
ahead and adding to its membership at
each meeting. Last Monday night four
strangers were admitted by initiation.
Mrs. Jennie S. Clark, for a long time
clerk of Redwood Circle of the Women
of Woodcraft, has on account of illness
and by advice of her physician resigned
her office. She was a faithful, conscien
tious officer and an industrious worker .for
the order.
THE FRATERNITIES
Torello, the grand marshal and a number
of others, after which a . collation was
served. ¦ • v '•: '
The picnic that was given by local
groves and circles at Sausalito .was well
attended and was a great success in every
sense of the. word. -. • . -'¦ ¦« : ;
Galileo Grove initiated -two candidates
at its last held meeting and received two
applications. - •- ••••¦¦ i -
Modesto Grove reports that it is doing
well and is adding to Its membership." ¦
The delegates to the Grand Grove from
the groves in San Joaquin held a meeting
last week and decided to ask that the
next Grand Grove be held in the city of
Stockton.
Th.e Druidesses.
Last Monday Grand Arch Druldess Mrs.
Thornhlll, in company with Grand Secre
tary Miss Fabbrl, Grand Trustee Mrs. J.
S. Godeau, Grand First Bard Mrs. A. So
renson, Grand Secretary- J. M. Graves,
Past Grand Noble Arch Martinoni, Deputy
Grand Noble Arch J. S.' Godeau, Mrs. J. F.
Martinoni, first bard of ET Dorado Circle;
M. J. H. Kautz, second bard of Golden City
Circle, and L. A. Wolff of ; the Druids'
Magazine visited Mistleto Circle in Modes
to. The hall had been .converted Into a
fbower of roses and the chair reserved for
the grand arch druldess was a mass of
white lilies. Amidst the decorations ap
peared "Welcome. N. A. D." One stranger
was initiated and after the close of the
circle there was a first-class . banquet,
after which there were responses to
toasts by the visitors named and by sev
eral members of the circle. Then followed
dancing.
The following night the grand officers
and those who accompanied them and
Miss Dughen and M. L. Sorensen went to
Stockton and there instituted Evergreen
Circle with fifty-seven charter members.
After the institution and installation of
the officers there was a banquet and gen
eral good time. The noble arch druldess
is Mrs. Haley and the secretary, Mrs.
Baclgalupi.
El Dorado Circle at a recent meeting in
itiated three candidates in the presence of
the members of Boadicea Circle, who were
paying a fraternal visit.
Olympia Circle is receiving applications
from those who want to learn the mys
teries of the order.
The National Union.
-The reception that was tendered to J.
W. Meyers of Toledo, Ohio, secretary of
the senate, in the hall of California Coun
cil last Tuesday night, was one .of the
most cordial greets that has been wit
nessed in this city for a long time. The
occasion was made the first official visit
this year by the San Francisco Cabinet.
In an eloauent speech W. A. S. Nichol
son, president of the California Council,
welcomed the distinguished visitor, who
was introduced by Senators Field and
Hastings. The visiting secretary, who is
a Grand Army man, a 'marvel of." facts
and figures about the order, but not an
orator, made a modest but interesting re
sponse, expressing his great appreciation
of the National Union men of California,
their loyalty, courtesy and hospitality.
Under the direction of Acting Speaker Jo
seph A. "Wilson there was presented an
interesting programme of addresses by J.
E. Field, F. H. Hastings. J. N. Bunting,
H. L. Tickner, instrumental music by
Friend Foster, vocal selections by the Na
tion Union Quartet, card tricks by Profes
sor Holton and stereopticon views. "After
that Usher Guffick and Lou Banz provided"
all with a collation and light refresh
ments. - •-... * .
The evening before the senate secre
tary pai« a visit to Berkeley Council.
Sons and Daughters of St George.
The Sons and Daughters of St. George
will celebrate St. George's day next Tues
day at a banauet to be given in a down-^
town grillroom. There is to be no margin
of profit on tickets to this function, the
price having been made low, consistent
with a good supper, to enable all English
men and women to take part In the cele
bration. An excellent musical and orator
ical programme has been arranged.: Sev
eral representative Englishmen have been
invited. The tickets are to be had of ."W.
R, "vJTiyte, secretary of the committee of
arrangements, or of any member of Pick
wIck Lodge.
ceptlon of the Supreme Lodgre of the or
der, to be held In this city In 1902; will hold
a session next Saturday for the purpose
of hearing what progress has been made
In the matter during tue past few weeks.
;,. • . American Foresters. _; .;"-'"?/
; Th© various courts of the -Foresters of
America are. busy, at this time- with mat
ters connected with the GrandCourt. 1 •
San Francisco Club, composed of ' mem
bers of Court San Francisco, has arranged
for a picnic on the 12th of May at Glen
wood Park.
The social adjunct of Court Seal Rock
will hold its picnic at Schuetzen Park on
the 26th of May. : . . ,
Dr. Troppman, past chief • ranger of
Court Seal Rock, announces himself as a
candidate for the office of grand recording
secretary.
Court Grafton of Knight's Landing will
have an outing on May day and will be
accompanied by the members of Pride of
the River Circla of the Companions.
New Century Circle, at its meeting last
Monday, initiated four, strangers. This
circle will give a party on the 11th of May.
At its last held meeting Martha Wash
ington Circle initiated two strangers and
received eight applications.
The fancy domino party that was given
last Wednesday night ; in Pythian Castle
was a very enjoyable affairs Many of
those who attended^ were attired in very
pretty costume3.
Ancient Order of Foresters.
High Chief Ranger Boehm recently in
stituted a . new court at Alameda with
thirty charter members. He is to insti
tute a court ac Fresno and another at
North Temescal this week.
Last week the grand chief ranger paid
a visit to Court Ivanhoe and delivered an
interesting address.
Court America had a social in Saratoga
Hall last night.
Courts Pacific and San Joaquin and Val
ley Circle had h joint party In Stockton
last Monday night that was attended by a
large number Qf members and friends.
The party recently given by Loyal Circle
was well attended and was a great suc
cess. ¦-¦¦-. '.
Fidelity Circle initiated four strangers
last Monday night. ¦ ; • ¦
Sherwood Circle will give a social on the
night of the 24th inst \ . i
Bohemian Circle initiated five . strangers
last week and after, the meeting refresh
ments ¦were served. - ¦ • -
The party by Franklin ' Circle will be
given In Shiels' building on the night of
the 27th inst.' . . :•; ' j
I^&E SAN FRAN^
27
CITY #H# PARIS |
Dry Goods Company. I
BtAGiTDRESSnsOODS. |
STRIKING VALUES IN i
Novelty Dress Patterns. J
72 Dress Patterns FANCY SILK AND C 7 CA I
MOHAIR^POPLIN at. :..........
86 Dress Patterns NOVELTY SATIN C17 AA I
DAMASSE a^. . . . . . .;.;...,..... 4>*Z..V/V7 ?
26 Dress Patterns MOHAIR POPLIN, (T1 RA |
\ ... with GhenilleDjt, ar.. ..;...;... *%l-Jm-J\J j
18 Dre«=s Pit' ems SILK AND WOOL <T 'Ifi C A i
NOVELTY CREPOLINEat. :..:.; |
A Magnificent Collection of High-Class Imported |
Grenadines and Fancy Crepes. j.
Country Orders Carefully and Promptly Filled. . «
CITY OF PARIS DRY GOODS COMPANY, ;•
SE. Corner Geary and Stookton Streets, San Franeisoo. T
UISIOIM SQUARE. '.'.
AMUSEMENTS.
AMUSEMENTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
*TIVPLI*
IHII IsNo Fairy Tale"
MARVELOUS SUCCESS OF THE ENCHANT-
. - ING COMIC OPERA,
THE
'Pi;. I. In B BB
"HOOT MONI"
Written by
HARRY B. SMITH and VICTOR HERBERT.
FILLED WITH W'lC^L GEMS!
THE REIGNING FAD !
25— PRETTY_GIRLS — 25
HARTMAH and WHEELAN
In Their Funniest Parts.
PAUL STEINDORFF, Musical Director.
Evenings at 8. Matinee Saturday at 2.
POPULAR . PRICES ..25c and BOc J
¦ • '"" * ' ¦ Telephone — Bu,sh 9.
STARTING TA \ri£¥¥T
WITH lU = INlilIll,
ONK WEEK— MATINEE SATURDAY.
CHARLES H. YALE'S «
THE EVIL EYE
or Merry flf U jH and
THE IVIlSHAPSUJ I1IU THE
WONDERFUL f)f Nflfl
ANDERINGS, Ul 1 1 UU
Management of the Author, SIDNEY R. ELLIS.
A Great Cast. Including: • •
CHAS. A. LODER. MAYME MAYO, TOMMY
ELLIOTT and the BROTHERS BORANI.
THE FAMOUS PHASEY TROUPE, THE
WONDERFUL ELECTRIC BALLET.
All the Marvelous Features and Novelties
"Which Have Made This Play and Productions
The Talk of the Town,
Evening— 25c, 35c, BOc, 75c and Sl.OO.
.Matinee— 25c, 5Oc. T5c. ;
I .' Next Sunday Night, April 28,
. . the Favorites,
MR. JAMES HEILL co^^y.
CHUTES_AN^ZGO
EVERY AFTERNOON AND E VENINO.
McKAT AND LAURENCE!; SCOTT AND
WILSON: THE GIRL OF QUALITY;
COAKLEY AND HUESTED ; LA LISTA;
MIRIAN AINSWORTII.
NEW MOVING PICTURES.
LEAH MAY.Jhe Giantess.
AMATEUR NIQBT, TBDRSDAY.
Telephone for Seats, Park 23.
DArCC TANFORAN
JiAyb^ p AR K.
; , CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB. :
SIX HIGH-CXASS RACES DAILY.
APRIL 20TH TO \ 27TH, ' INCLUSIVE.
FINE CARD EVERY DAY.
" First Race Daily at 2:10 P.M. ~ \
Tralna from Third and Townsend ; itreetih- 7."
10:30. 11:30 a. m.; 13:40. V 1:30, 2 p. rn. -¦;• ¦-.' , ; ;
¦ Returning, leave trade at 4:15 and thereafter
at L. short intervals. . . Rear cars reserved for
ladies and escorts. SwWpW i U tttMoP[
ADMISSION (INCLUDING R.'R. FARE). Jl 25.
. . THOS. H. . WILLIAMS JR., President. .
" R.'B.. MILROY, - Secretary.- . .
FT^f!HPT?'S CONC ERT- house.
r iO y n HA O Admission lOc. . ;
¦r Golden West' Comedy. Trio, Gus Leonard, Bre-
gers, | Thatcher and • Chenoweth, Jack Symonds/
. Paraskova . Sandolin ; and :Tom -, Mack. <. ; ¦ . ; '„"
¦'••¦{. Reserved ' seats, 2Sc. :' Matinee Sunday.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC:
Train* Ivitv* hiiiI are du* to nrrlva at
WAN FKANV1NCO.
(Main Lino. Foot of Market Street}
liats — ' Ibojc Arniz. 14. 1301. — abbot
7:30a Benicia, Suisun, Elmira. VaaiTllle,
Komsey and dicramento ?<33p
7:30Ar>i»i3, Woodland. Knights Landing;
UsrjnUle. «>ro<Ule_..... 7sS3p
7i3Oa Atlantic Kzpreaa— Ogden mad But 12;33r
8:0 1» a Martiuez, Sau Uainon. Vallejo. Kapa,
CaUstoga aud Santa Rota...; 0:Z5»
81OO a LtTermora, Stockton, HanfonL Vlsa-
ha. ForterrlUe 4:33*
•iOOa Uiles. JLathrop. Merced. Wnmno, B*. .
kcrsfleld 4i33#
8i30a Sbiate Expresa-DaTis, WilUaoos (for
Bartlett Spriaga), Willows, Bad
Blufl. Portland;.. 7s33»
SiStUA S»n Joae. IiTermoie, Stockton.
*' - -- • Ioue. HaerauioutD. Pl«tcrrill».
M »r j»f 111b, Cbioo, Ited Bluff 4iS9r
SiSOa Oakdale, Chinese (Yosemite), 80-
. nora. Carters 4i39r
0:00a Hajrwards, MUeiand Way SUUona. 11:334
BiOVa Los* Anceles Eipreaa — Martinez.
Tracy. Latbrop, Stookton. Mexeed
¦Fresno aud Los Angeles 7s33a,
SiSOa ValMo, Martluea auit Way SUtfona Bi33»
1 OiOOa The Of erland Linilted— Ogdea, Den.
»er, Omaha, Chicago 6:ff3»
fl:OOp Saorauiento l(l?er Steamer* t 3:0< »*.
3:3t»r Uaywarda. NUn and Way H ta««na. 7:OSv
8:3up Port Costa. Martlnes Lathiop. Mer-
cad ; Berenda (Yosemiie). Fresno. 7—3r
. 4i00r Beuicia. Winters, 8»jram«nto.
Woodland, KulghU Landing.
MurjaTllle, Oro*llle 10:33a.
- 4iO«p Martlusx, Hau Ramon. Vallejo.
Napa, <;al!8t»ta, SanU Itoaa »'«•"»*.
4 :00p Niles, LiTermore, Stockton. Lodi. . . 1 •i33a
4tS<»rH»ywuds,Mles 8an.)oae,Liwniior8 fStOSA,
StOOr The Owl limited— Tracy, Stockton.
. VreSDO, Bakarafleld, Uangua (or
Santa Barbara, Lorn Ancelea ...... SsSSa.
Oi«»«p Harwarda, Wiles and San Joae 7i3» a
t«:OOp Vallejo 11(334
OiOOp Oriental Mall— Ogden, Cheyenne.
Omaha, Chicago 12:23*
0:OOr Oriental Mail— Ogden, Denver.
Omaha. Chicago. 4rS3r .
7:OOr Otr^oit aod California Kxpren.Hao-
lUuieutii, MarjavlIIe, ICeiiiilug,
Portlmid, Pnget .Sum>a ami Kaat »«33 4
»!«5p San Pablo, Pnrl Costa, Martines
and War Btationa 11>53a
l««03r Vallejo.. 7ri»y
COAST IilNB (Sarraw U«a R e).
(Foot of M»rket Street.)
•7»I3a Sant* Cruz ExcarsioD to SanU Cnu
aud Principal Way Station* tS:O3y
•<ISANewarlc.CenterTllle.Sau.loae, Felton.
Boulder Creek, Sauta Orus aud Way
Stations 5iO«»
tSHSr Newark Cei.terf ille. 8an .Tote, New
AhnaceD, Felton, liouliler Creek,
Santa Crux and Principal War
Stations t«««»«A
4:19p Newark, San Jose, Los Gatos { {i«^O«t
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
rnaSlN mKClSUO— root or Market lUut (Slip I)—
t7:lS 9:00 11:00a.m. 1:03 1:30 B:18r.M.
rr««0tIUIO— T*H •< ita»i*mj.— t«:OO J3:OO t3:0S
10:OOt.M. 12:03 g:Q3 t:!Jr.M.
COAST LINE (Broad flange).
(Third and Townaemt Sto.)
OtIOA South Han Firanciiico. Palo Alto.... 5i3Sf
t7:O«A Han Jo«e an.l Way SUtions !'2i*
/7i««a New Aluiaaen /1:3OT-
J"il 5a Sunday Excursion for Ban Jcte,
HmiU Cms. Pidflo Oro?6 and
Principal Way Stations JS:30»
SiOOa. Coast Line Limited. San Joae, Gilror.
\ Emliiias, I*aao Kobles. San Lois
Obispo. Lompoc, Santa Barbara.
LoiAngeles 10*«3»
tiOOAHau Jose. Trea Pinon. SanU Cruz.
Pacilie tirote, >alin»» Ban Laia
Obispo and Prindiial lutermedUt*
HtHfh.ua. .' „.... +*19»
1*<8Oa Ban Jose and Way Station*. J'?°*
IIiSOa San Jose ami Way .Stations 3i3«»
iSi43rSau Mateo, Redwood. Mealo Park.
>..- - Palo Alto. SanU Clara. Sa» Jose.
Trea Pinos. Bauta C»i«. Sallnaa.
Monterey and Paoillo Grove fl«^>Sa
fS:Xftf San Joae and Way BtaUous es ?!J A
t-l:l»r San Jose and Principal Way Stations »:<s2*
ti-Air Sunset ymited-El Piso, Now Or-
laaraandEaat a1O»l§A
tS:O«p San Joae. Los Gatos and Principal
Way Stations *2'*5 A
8<3Op San J oae and Principal Way Stations »s3«a
Hi3»r San Jose and Way .Stations I ] t ':*»"*
7s00r New Orlnns Exprew, San Jotfs.
Santa Barbara. Lc-" Angeles, I> m-
Ids. El Paso, New Orleans and East 7:0*4
7sOOr T>el Monte, Monterey, Padfio Gxore.
Lon-poc •• ¦•»*»f
gll;45f San Joaaand Way 8Utions 7i3Ot
A for Morning. P for A f ternoon.
t Hun day excep ted. t Sunday only.
m Wednesdays. /Tarsdars and Fridaya.
« Sundays. « Saturday ooly.
CALIF0R5IA KORTflWESTEM RY. CO.
LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlburon Ferry. Foot of i Market St.
San FraBClseo to San RafaeL
WEEK DAYS—TiSO, 9:00, 11:00 a. m.; 12:35. 2:30.
6 10 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip at 11:30
p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:50 and
SUNDAYS — 8:00, »:». IIKX) a. m.: 1:30, S:30,
6:00, 6:20 p. m.
j Sam Rafael t« Sam FraaeUofc
WEEK DAYS-6:10. 7:50. 9:20, ,11:10 a. nx; ; 12:^
3:40. 5:10 p. m. Baturdays— Extra trips at l.»
SUNDAY^8-10. 9:*0, U:10 ¦- TO.'. 1:40. »:«•
Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Park.
tame schedalo aa above.
Leave I - In Effect I Arrive
San JTanclaco. (April 15. 1901. t San Francisco.
Week I Sun- I I San - I ee)c
LHys. I days. | Deatlnation. \ days. | Daya.
7:30 am 8:00 am Novato. 10:40 am 3:40 am
8 30 pm 9:30 am Petaluma. WpmM:8ain
5:10 pm 5:00 pm Santa Roaa. 7:35 pm t:23 pm
Fulton. . . _
7^0 am 'Windsor. '1 W-25 am
I Healdsbary.
Lytton,
GeyaervlHe.
8:80 pm 8:00 ami Cloverdal«- 7 38 pm »;Z3 pm
-.~, ._¦ ¦ j Hopland j 110:25 am
8JTO SI 8:00 ami and Uklah. | 7:35 pm| 6:23 pm
7-30 ami '¦ ~ I " |10:2>*ni
r 800 am Guernevllle. I 7:35 pm
8:80 pm\ L ' I { «^ Pm
7-30 am 8:00 am Sonoma I 9:15 ami 3:40 am
and
B:10pm 5:00 pm Glen EHen. 8:05 pm 6:22 pm
7-30 am! 8:00 ami ¦ 110:40 am|10:25 am
3:30 pm[ 5:00 pm| SebastopoL I 7:35 pmj 6:S yyi
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark
West Sprinss and White Sulphur Sprinrs; at
Lytton for Lytton Springs: at Geyservilla for
Skates Springs; at Cloverdale tor tie G«y-
sers: at Honland for Duncan Springs. High-
land Spring's, Kelseyvllle. Carlsbad Springs.
Soda Bay. Lakeport and Bartlett Springs; at
Uklah for Vichy Sprinjrs. Saratoga Springs.
Blue Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake. Witter Springs.
Upper Lake, Porno, Potter VaUey. John Day ».
Riverside. Lierley*s. Bncknell's. Sanhedrin
Heights. HullvUle.Orr's Hot Springs. Mendocino
City. Fort Bragff, Westport. Usal. Wiiletts.
Laytonville, Cummlngs, Bell's Sprinss, Harrla.
Olsens Dyer. Scotia and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
On Sundays, round-trip tickets to all potnt»
bevond San Rafael at half rates,
ticket of Oce. 650 Market St.. Chronicle teUd-
i ft -* " xv. ?C> R Y AN P
S. C. WHITTNG. Gen. Pass. Agt.
General Manager.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
1 Via Sjirt»TM» Ferry— Foot of Mar It et St.
SSp.m.]. DAYS^ — ¦(
4 : oop m.) Stay over night at the tavken ( 10:35 a.m.
»i?»* : } 'J- ST^JDAYS__-_{ p ZZ
Fare San Francisco to Summit and Retara. $1.40.
Ticket Offices, 621 Market St., & Sausalito Ferry.
WeeHy Gall $1.00 perYear
ADVERTISEMENTS.
APVEBTISWM KNTB.
j Coin/orts of HomB
Go east "onr way" — with one of the Burlington Overland Excur-
sions, and you will be SURE to have a comfortable trip.
Cars are clean; porters accommodating; excursion managers oblig-
ing; and the route is without an equal in point of interest.
' From Los Angeles, Mondays and Wednesdays; San Frandscc Tuesdays and
Thursdays— Omaha, Chicago, Kansas City, St. Louis and beyond. Tickets and berths
at Southern Pacific ticket offices or by writing
W. D. Sanborn, General Agent, 631 Market St., San Francisco. T
Week Commencing TO-DAY, /
SUNDAY MATINEE,; April 21.
1 V Principal Members of the
HOPKINS TRANS-OCEANIC COMPANY and
ORPHEUM IMPORTATIONS.
BARNES and SISSON,
Introducing Their Latest One Act Farcette,
. "A MARRIAGE BROKER."
ALF GRANT,
In His Mimicry Specialty, "Pictures Taken
From Life."
Clayton, Jenkins am Jasper
Presenting Their Comedy Hit, "The Dark-
¦:.)•.', - ->- ¦¦. . • town : Circus." . '- -
..Marion Von Schrader..
Celebrated Operatic Soprano.
MLLH. ADELAIDE,
¦> - '¦• -.---' -U-- '¦-.- The- Aerial Marvel. - -:'. ':; '• --
THE GREAT GOLDIN
Assisted by JEAN FRANSIOLI AND CO.. .
Illustrating the Art of Accomplishing, the Im-
possible.
' "^ FINAL WEEK OF
JOSEPHINE GASSMAN
And Her Pickaninnies, Including "Bill, the
¦, Buffalo." ¦
THE GREAT AMERICAN BIOGRAPH.
LAST WEEK OF THE BIG SUCCESS,
FRANCESCA REDDING
AND COMPANY.
Continuing by Request ,"Her Friend From
Texas." m '
Parquet, 25 cents, any seat; balcony, 10
cents: opera, chairs and box seats; 60 cents;
children, 10 cents, any part except reserved.
A few front orchestra rows reserved, 50 cents;
front rows of balcony reserved, 25 cents.
UNION COURSING PARK
...TO-UAY...
Sunday --,-.' " " April 21.
CHAMPION
AND
Reserve Stakes
128 NOMINATIONS— 128
$1500 S $1500
TRAIN SERVICE.
Leave Third and. Townsend streetB 10:15
a. m., 11 a.' m., 12 m. and 1 p. m.; Twenty-
fifth and Valencia streets five minutes later.
Returning at 4:45 p. m. and after the last'
course San' Mateo electric cars every six
. minutes.
ADMISSION 25c LADIES FR2E.
ttnsis city hau
MATINEE TO-DAY— 10c, 15c, 25c.
TO-NIGHT— Last Appearance of
ROBERT DOWNING
Magnificent Production of jjj
JULIUSG^ESAR
DDirCC EVSNINGS 10c, 15c. 23c, 33c, 50c
iKtLCD MATINEES 10c. 15c. Me ,
Beginning TO-MORROW (Monday) BVEN'G. ;
The Most Thrilling, of ; Military , Dramas, ;
"A FAIR REBEL."
:; Superb I Scenes— Libby Prison— War Song*.
THE ' ONLY FREE . VAUDETVILLB ' SHOW IN
"-. THE CITY. '
thbVthree
MALYERN BROTHERS
, In Their Great Acrobatic Act!
JEANffTTE,: ;,
"And Her Australian Cockatoos, . . . :
AND OUR CELEBRATED STOCK COMPANY.
. -- - MATINEE EVERY SUNDAY. ;
c T AMATEUR NIGHT EVERT, FRIDAY/ i ?
ADMISSION FREE.
/ B .,3 | ALL OTHER
{ I SUBSTITUTES
&£2sSrI I FOR LARD OR
¦ f^1l£\(? i BUTTER FOR
yM&M® &lw! COOKING
W^^MM, \ 3| HAVE FAILED ]
%^^^^m I BECAUSE' OF
SiiliPl I .THE 'ODOR
|f^^^^^'j|jj GIVEN THE
to&i!5l»fl| I FOOD IN
, i^w?! 1 I .. WHICH 'THEY.. |
V 1 1 1 ARE.^USE D . j
B Can be used over again and over again until the ¦
H last drop has done its appetizing work. It remains Eg
fe! sweet, pnro and clean to tbe lant and does not ex- M
m change tbe fiaver of the various foods cooked in It. B
HOTELS
Visitors to San Francisco who make
their headquarters at these hotels en-
joy comforts and conveniences not to
be obtained elsewhere. Desirable loca-
tion, courteous attaches and unequaled
cuisine. American and European plans.
>»C!RAND HOTEL**
AMUSEMENTS.
GRAND' OPERA MOUSE
MATINEE TO-I>A,Y.
LAST NIGHT OP
"EAST LYNNE."
Commencing MONDAY EVENING,
FLORENCE STONE and JACK WEBSTER In
a Superb Scenic Production of the
Romantic Drama,
"UNDER TWO FLAGS."
Founded on Oulda's Celebrated Novel. Biggest
Hit in New York This Season.
PRICES — 10c, 15c. 23c, 50c. Few Seats 75c. ¦
Good Seat In Orchestra Saturday and Sunday
Matinees 25c'.
Branch Ticket Office— Emporium.
TO-NIGHt^J f
. In the Imperial Spectacle,
MORE THAN QUEEN
This Attraction "Will Not Appear In Oakland.
The Columbia ¦will be dark during: the "Weeks
of April 22 and 29. owing to the illness of
James K. Hackett and the Cancellation of
Hi» Tour. Reopening May 6 with Herne's
"SAG HARBOR."
fiL-r h eat r sHh>
MATINEE TO-DAY, SUNDAY.
TO-NIGHT, "uti S USANNAiy
Beginning TO-MORROW. NIGHT,
The # New York Success,
THE
The Most Gorgeous ¦ Scenic and Costume Pro-
duction Ever Given at This Theater.
Matinees Saturday and Sunday.
Seats by Phone Main 234. or Box Office Six
: » - .Days in Advance. : . .
METROPOLITAN HALL,
FIFTH ST.. NEAR MARKET. '
ERNEST SETON -THOMPSON,
The Famous Naturalist and "Writer. •
Will Lecture To-morrow, MONDAY, April 22
in the Afternoon at 2:15 and in the ' '
Evening at 8 o'clock, on-. '
"HIS WILD ANIMAL FRIENDS.^
Illustrated by Stereopticon Views ¦-* of ' Photo-
• ¦ graphs Take-n by . the : Lecturer.
Under the auspices of the California Club.
Frices Jl, .75c and 60c. Children half price
Tickets at Sherman, Clav & Co.'s. All Seats
Reserved.
Just a little better '
than any other train
—a little bett8r service— ;
£ a more homelike
feeling on the
MIFORNIA
LIMITED
. than you find elsewherV)
and lt runs like this |
LEAVES SAN FRANCISCO -
9 an Mon Tues Wad Thur Fri Sat Sun
ARRIVES CHICAGO
2.15 pm Thur Fri Sal Sun Monies Wed
75 HOURS TO CHICAGO |
ON THE §
SANTA FE I
CH/C/SCO I
in LESS (l "">
THREE DAYS
San Francisco At 10 A. Mm
Chicago, Union Pacific
& North-PVesiern Line
T\OU r BLE Drawmg-7(oom Sleeping
I J Cars, Buffet, * making and Library
J-S Cars, with barbtr. Dining Cars —
meals a /-» carts. "Daily Tourist Car
Service and Personally Conducted Ex-
cursions ivtry week from San Francisco
at 6 p. ml The best of ntrvthing.
it. ft. MTCHIB
817 Market St. \ emeral Agent Paetflo COeut
Palaca Miftel BAIT rSAJTCXSCO
AREYOUT 6 BUFFALO?
THE-
Great Wabash R. R.
HAVE
A FIRST-GLASS TRAINS A
TI From the West Direct
To BUFFALO and
EASTERN POINTS 'WITHOUT CHANGE.
•Ask Tour Agent About the
WABASH.
C. S. CRANE. G. P. A..
St. Louis. Mo.
ROSS C. CLINE. P. C. P. A..
Lob Anzeles. CaJ.
Santa Fe
Trains— Daily.
Leave Market-Street Ferry Depot.
Local Llra'd Ovrl'd Local
Dally. Daily. Dally. Dally.
Lt. San Fran 7:20 a 9:00 a 8:00 p 4:20 p
Ar. Stockton. 10:23 a 11:45 a 11:05 p 7:23 p
" Merced .. 12:25 p 1:17 p 1:15 a
"Fresno.. 2:20 p 2:35 p 3:05 a
" Hanford 4:22 p, 3:27 p 7:06 a
" Vlsalla .. 4:10 p 4:10 p 4:45 a
"Tulare .. 4:27 p 4:27 p 5:05 a
. " Bksfleld 6:50 p 5:25 p 7:30 a .......
"- Kan City ........ 2:41a 7:30 a .......
" ; Chicago . ... 2:15 p 9:00 p
. a for morning:. - p for afternoon.
9:00 a. m. train 13 the California Limited.
Carrying Palace Sleeping Cars and Dining
Cars through to Chicago. Chair Car ruas
to -Eakersfield for accommodation of local
first-class passengers. > No second-class
tickets are honored on this train. Corre-
sponding train arrives at 5:55 p. m. daily.
4:20 p. m. is Stockton Local. Correspond-
ing train arrives at 11:C5 a. m. daily.
3:00 p. m. is the Overland Express, with
'through Palace and Tourist Sleepers and
free Reclining . Chair Car. also Palace
Sleeper, which cuts out at Fresno. Corre-
sponding train arrives at 5:55 p. m. dally.
¦ 7:20 a. m. is Bakersfleld Local, stooping
at all points in San Joaquin Valley. Corre-
sponding train arrives at S:40 a. m. daily
Offices— 641 •Market street and In Ferry
Depot, San Francisco; 1US Broadway.
Oakland.
NORTH PAG1FIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausalito Ferry.
' * Commencing' September 30. 1900.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLEY
a WEEK PATS— 6:55, *9:15.' 11:00 a. m., «1:15,
• SIS .4:00" 5:15. *6:15. ,6:40 : p. m.- • - .: ; -
EXTRA. TRIPS-For Mill Valley and San
Rafael on Mondays. - 'Wednesdays . and Satur-
rtnvs at 9 "00 and 11:35 p. m.
•SUNDAYS-*S:00. U0:00. »ll:30 a. m., «l:15,,
2-13 »4:43.--«:30. 9:00 p. m. '*<%Sy»<BWOl!gai
Trains marked (*) run to San Quentin.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 5:20. *6:3O. 7:45, 9:30 a. m..
. •12-30 1-43, *3:30. 4:30. 5:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays.- Wednesday
" and Saturdays at 6:45 and 10:20 jy m.
: SUNDAYS-6:2O. •8:00.-: *10:00.- 11:45 a. m..
n-40 - # 2:15.V4:45, »6:30 p. m.. '
Trains marked C) start from San Quentin.
FROM MILL VALLEY .TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 5:45, 6:45. 7:55, 9:30 a. m.,
12-35 2:10.. 3:30. 4:54. 5:20 p. m. . '
EXTRA TRIPS on. Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:20 p. m. -
SUNDAYS— 8:05. 10:05 a. m., 12:05. 2:15, 3:30,
*2:.1 M TRAINS. ¦¦";. ;
> .. 6:53 a. . m. ¦ week ;• days— Cazadero and way
stations. '¦¦.'• '•' - ;
• 1:45 P- no.'. Saturdays — Tomales 'and way
stations, .-v"- \ .' »" ; "'.,". '- :
8 a. m. Sundays— Toinales and way sta-
tions., , ., « ; •THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, APRIL "21, 1901.
28
BUSINESS CHASCES— -Contlpned. :
WHEN you want to sell or buy a paying busi-
ness call ton HORN. SOLOMON & CO.. 20
Kearny st; tel. Main 1604. - -
$3000— FURNITURE store in best business town
on coast; established -17 years; sacrificed In
order to close estate; expense of Investigation
paid by us If not found as represented.
HORN.- SOLOMON & CO.. 80 Kearny at
WE have two ahoe stores for sale at nearly
Invoice price; call and get particulars; It will
pay you. HORN. SOLOMON : & CO.. 30
Kearny et ' " , : . ¦
WHOLE or half Interest in well-stocked pay-
ing drug atore on Market St.; rent only $65;
good lease; owner leaving city on account of
sickness; a bona fide bargain. HORN, SOL-
OMON & CO., 30 Kearny st .'
STEAM laundry, new machinery, for sale, $1400;
or owrer will sell half Interest "to good busl-
lnees man for SSOO: will guarantee $180 to $300
per month. HORN, SOLOMON & CO.. 30
Kearny st. . .
WHOLESALE liquor store; established 11
years; doing a business of $40,000 per. year;
books open to Inspection to reliable parties;
terms If desired; .a rare bargain. HORN,
SOLOMON & CO.. SO Kearny st
FOR sale— Complete tent show outfit. 60x80;
elevated stage; new scenery, lights, etc., etc.;
seats: ready to take the road price $200, cost
$1000. _. 77. Haight St. ... .
$1000— PARTNER, silent or active, in estab-
lished butter business; money used to enlarge
business: clear $150 month each. Box 3895,
Call office. ,
FOR sale— $1000; coffee and chop house; best lo-
cation; good paying; finely fitted up. For par-
tlculars address box 3796. Call offlce.
$160 "WILL BUT
Small coffee and chop house doing good busi-
ness; cheap rent. Apply 31& Eighth st
FOR sale— State and county rights for Eureka
Mop Wringer; patented. E. E. MILLER.
116 Sixth Et., room 6.
FOR SALE— Splendid business paying $23
every week; $109 takes it; no risk. Address
box 3876. Call office. *
PARTT with not less than. $1500 for enterpris-
ing business; good Investment; no triflers.
Box S808, Call office.
TAILORS or others; $3000 worth of woolens for
real estate eame value. Box 3873, Call offlce.
BULLETIN route, East Oakland; $2000. Ad^
dress 518 East Fourteenth st.
TWO cows, horse wagon; good paying route.
Box 2220. Call, Oakland.
RESTAURANT for sale cheap. with living
rooms; complete. 136 Second st.
SPLENDID chance to buy an established busi-
ness. 203 Fourth st.
TOU can buy shares in SMITH'S Cash Store
(incorporated), paying 10 per cent on outlay
and guaranteed; no assessments. Send for
prospectus and particulars to B. J.- S., 27
Market st.
$250— TAILOR business; no better location In
the city; is positively worth over four times
amount asked; but it must go Immediately;
rent is very low. Inquire on premises, 505
Sutter st. ¦ . •
A GOOD home cooked dinner, 11 to 3. at 27
Market St., 6th floor. SARAH A. STREET,
manager Home Dining Room.
MARKET. 2518— For sale, dyeing and cleaning
place; established for years; doing good busi-
ness; must leave city. Call at above address.
AA— $400; GRAND opportunity for lady or gent;
location perfect: cigars, periodicals, notions.
Waiting-room. 23d-ave. station, E. Oakland.
AN opportunity to make a barrel of money in
the next 6 months; $2000 or $3000 required.
Box 3831, Call office. ¦
FOR sale— Cigar store with clubroom attached.
Inquire 2833 Greenwich st. . .
LARGE and profitable agency of . San Fran-
clsco newspapers in one of the best towns of
the State and handy to San Francisco; 3000
subscribers; business could be divided up.
Address box 2SS4, Call office.
RESTAURANT; cheap; good location; good
business; must sell ;^ going to Samoa. 610
Stanyan st.
FOR sale — Candy store and ice cream parlor;
good location. Inquire at 1642 Market st.
$30O— SALOON ; old-establiBhed corner; 2 living
rooms; must sell; other business. 554 Fourth.
WANTED— A partner In saloon business. 640
Commercial Et.
WANTED — Respectable young lady or man as
partner in candy business. 941 Folsom st.
$75— LADY partner for shooting gallery. 632
Telegraph ave., Oakland; hours 11 to 3 daily.
BARBERS — Byrnes' Hotel barber shop and
bathhouse. Woodland, Cal., must be sold
this week; price $150, complete.
NICE bakery, notions and candy place; estab-
lished 20 years. 1C6 Eleventh st
$300 — PARTNER in dyeing, cleaning; good man;
experience not necessary. 1421 Point Lobos av.
FOR sale— Good saloon; cheap; proprietor goes
to Germany. Box 37S8. Call offlce.
OLD-ESTABLISHED mechanics' boarding and
lodging house for sale. Apply Call offlce. . •
MAN with $300 to Join advertiser to work pla-
cer claim at Cape Nome. Box 2433. Call.
QUARTZ mine for sale or lease: 4-stamp mill,
water power; will sell cheap or lease on
favorable terms. Address room 6, 906 Broad-
way, Oakland. . &
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
D^N^LB~INVESTMENT~CaT ' ~
S50 Market st : ...Tel. Davis 281
THE ONLY ONE.
Rooming Houses Rooming Houses
We Buy Them for Cash.
Rooming Houses Rooming Houses
We Sell Them on Monthly Payments.
We Furnish the Money.. You Pay as You Can
Special List of Bargains:
12 rooms, good furn. and carpets; a snap. $800
34 rooms, rent $75; everything new; see it. 2500
6 rooms, close in; nice home; rent free 250
40 rooms, rent $45; sacrifice for quick sale. 900
14 rooms; on business St.; good for offices. 600
33 rooms, newly renovated; 2 entrances.. 2000
11 rooms, very central; line condtion; a
gem 650
15 rooms, mostly hkpg. ; choice . location ; .
clean 850
These are a few; you may choose any one of
the 314 others on our list.
DONALD INVESTMENT CO., 859 Market
A. CAMERON & CO~
850 Market st. and 8 Stockton st.
Rooms 21, 22 and 23. Phone Bush 828.
If you i have hotel, rooming-house or - busi-
ness to sell list with us. We have cash cus-
tomers for all -sizes and prices.
63 rooms ; downtown ; modern apartment ,
house; clears $300 per month; first-
class investment • $3400
31 rooms; business center: offices; good.. 1S00
! 12 rooms; rent $50; oak furniture 1000
46 rooms; rent $175; cor.; clears $200 6000
11 rooms; rent $10; fine home; piano 850
10 rooms; elegant residence; partly fur.. 750
34 rooms; rent $130; elegantly furnished;
paying house; good perm. . and trans... 2650
MARION GRIFFIN .....By Call bldg.
719 Market St.; money to loan; tel. Black 1803.
90 rooms on Market st; low rent $6500
21 rooms on Eddy st; full 1400
21 rooms; corner; good furniture 800
15 rooms; good; quite central 850
50 rooms; clearing $160 per month 3500
16 rooms; O. K. ; housekeeping iooo
14 rooms; transient: fair ' furniture 550
18 rooms; corner: fine oak fur.; fine bus.. 1550
26 rooms on Larkin St.; rent $90 2000
10 rooms; 2 blocks of Market; rent $35.... . 800
40 rooms; full; north Market: rent $120... 1800
12 rooms; boarding-house; fine 1400
17 rooms: central; 1 floor; clears $75 mo.. -600
SELECT YOUR HOUSE FROM THE
LARGEST LIST IN TOWN.
6 rooms; excellent furn. ; cheap rent... $200
15 rooms; rent $41 50; good location 475
21 rooms; downtown; clears $100 mo.... 1,000
E5 rooms; fine cor.; apartment house... 2,600
102 rooms; biggest money-maker in city. 5,750
148 rooms; particulars given bus. people. 25,000
Hundreds to choose from.' $100 to $100,000
Also boarding-houses and country hotels.
See our special bargain list before buying.
WALTER HAYES & CO.. 838 Market st.
WINSTON & WOLF, 1026 Market st
63 rooms; cheap rent: for .....$3250
50 rooms; corner: part cash ......; 2600
32 rooms; rent $43; clears $100... 1200
26 roon:s; corner: $600 cash 1100
17 rooms; rent $50; $500 cash.. 1100
500 other houses for. sale.
" Money on furniture- at 1VS per cent.
18 ROOMS; Mission st.: rent $60; price $725..
12 rooms; Mason st. ; rent $45;. price $750.
85 rooms on Howard; rent $80; price $1000.
19 rooms on Grant ave.; rent $75; price $1600.
13 rooms on Eddy; rent $58; price $650.
12 rooms; Pine: elegantly fur.; rent $50; $1200.
. EUREKA REAL ESTATE, 28 Sixth st
LODGING-HOUSES, boarding-houses and ho-
tels to suit every buyer; this offlce is licensed;
I am established since 1892; I loan money to
buyers; general satisfaction guaranteed. Call
G. W. SCHWEINHARD, phone Mint 191L
Rooms 1, 2, No. 917 Market st, opp. Mason.
FISHER & CO., 9S5 Market st, opp. Mason.
48 rooms; north of Market; only ..i.$1600
16 rooms; Hyde; very finely. furnished.... 600
.20 rooms: rent $50; location desirable 900
If a bargain we have them at any price. . ' ¦
2 FINELY furnished lodging-houses;, rooms
filled permanently; a rare bargain; no agents.
MRS. A., suite. 27. 13S2 Market at. .•
FOR sale— 10-room rooming-house; < 12SH Ninth
et; good location and cheap rent;. rooms all
rented. .. :
SNAP — $300; modern rooming house. of 9 rooms,
1 block .Van - Ness and Market; north side;
rent. $25. Box 3826. , Call of flee. . , ; .¦
14 ROOMS; central; transient; neatly furnished;
rent $40; bargain. Dcunelly Co., 632 Market.
A GOOD list of lodging-houses from $250 to
$2500. JOSEPH BAILIE, 768 ; Market st
EMPLOYMENT WASTED-— MAUl
SITUATION wanted by temperat- young: maa
to look after gentleman's place; understands
the care of horses and carriages; Is a first-
class butter-maker; understands the use or
hand separator ; also good milker; under-
stands the rearing of chickens; general all-
• around man. Box 2985. Call of floe.
STRANGER from the East wants position of
any kind; am a hustler and not afraid of
work: 14 years' experience in dry goods ana
general merchandise. Address Royal House,
124 Ellis st. room 118. -
WANT employment as man about place; can
milk cowi, take care of horses, chickens,
handy with tools; also understands garden-
ing; good references: reasonable wages ex-
pected. Box 3830. Call office. '
AN energetic young man, 22. of good address,
wants a position with a wholesale flrm: is
willing to work and learn. Box 8713. Call.
WANTED— Situation as helper In a pJanra*
mill or on Bashes and doors by a man with
gome experience. Address box 3889, Call offlce.
YOUNG man wishes to hear of a position as
bar or grocery clerk; flrst-class reference.
Box 8SS8. Call office.
WITH good references, I want a place as cook
' in boarding-house or institution in this city.
Address YEE LING. 20 Prospect place, city.
BOOKKEEPER, experienced. German. S3.
wants position. ROSTHINO. 1214 Lagnna st.
YOUNG man wants position in grocery -nd
bar; had one year's experience in bar work;
can speak German and English. Box 3S36, [
Call offlce. . ¦
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been . established at 1996
Valencia at , >-r-;\
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce. 2200 Fillmore st.
FINANCIAL. ; W^:\- i >
FOR INVESTORS!!!
I OFFER FOR BALE
Unimproved and income city property; filt-
edge bonds and stocks of electrio, gas, rail-
road and industrial corporations; money to
loan: Investments made; bank references;
correspondence solicited.
T. OTWAY 8ADLEIR.
Room 40. 310 Pine St..
San Francisco.
FLATS TO LET.
CALIFORNIA st. near Jones— Handsome upper
flat, 10 rooms, bath; carpets for sale; on ac-
count departure. Apply BALDWIN & HOW-
ELL, 10 Montgomery st.
A— SUNNY lower flat, 4 rooms and basement,
$10. 110 Perry st, near Third. _^
ELEGANT new sunny flat, 10 rooms. 878 Eddy
st;. near Van Nesa ave.
ELLIS, 1939, near Devisadero— Beautiful sunny
6-room flat; all modern conveniences.
FELL, 1622, opposite Panhandle— Flat, fur-
nished or unfurnished; 7 rooms. __.
FLAT of 5 sunny rooms, with good yard; mod-
ern Improvements. Apply 622 Minna, nr. 7th.
FLAT 5 sunny rooms and bath. 21H De Long
ave., near Waller st . '
FLAT to let: carpets and Magee range for
sale. 1806 Geary st
FLAT of 6 rooms" and bath. 981 Harrison st;
rent $23. ..
FLAT of 4 rooms and bath. 8 Birch ave.
NEAR City Hall: fine sunny top flat 6 rooms
and bath. 12 Grove et. ' -
NEW sunny flat; 7 rooms and bath; rent $15.
Apply 350 Precita ave.. near Folsom st_
SUNNY 4-room flat with large yard and sta-
ble. 2 Hay ward St., off Harrison.
SUNNY upper flat: 6 rooms, bath tubs and
yard. 1748 Folsom St. •
TO let — Sunny upper flat of 6 rooms and bath,
furnished or unfurnished. Apply 1627 Folsom
St., from 12 to 4 o'clock.
TO let— Furnished lower flat 6 rooms for' 3
months; terms reasonable. Apply at 2100
Golden Gate ave. *
TO let— Elegant new large flats. Washington
st. between Scott and Devlsadero.
UNFURNISHED; floor of 3 sunny rooms and
bath; rent $30; no children. 887 Geary st.
3 NEW elegant flats on Church st, near Ml«-
slon High School.
$11— «-ROOM 'flat. 571 Seventh st.
$25— SUNNY flat, 8 rooms, bath and yard. 1650
Hayes St., near Panhandle.
FLATS TO LET— Furnished.
NICELY furnished upper flat In Western Addi-
tion; sunny; sweet and cozy; piano, • sewing
machine; convenient Fillmore and California
cars; without children preferred; price $55.
Apply to JULIEN SMITH, Real Estate
Agent, 420 Montgomery fit. . .
A NICELY furnished modern flat of 4 rooms,
complete; reasonable. 513 Eddy st.
GOLDEN GATE ave., 1517— Middle; piano,
bath, garden, etc.. $26; upper, $20; lower. $12.
HAIGHT, ]£24, near Lyon— 7 rooms; piano;
handsomely furnished with Imported furnl-
" ture; or will rent 3 rooms with use of kitchen.
$42 BO— SUNNY furnished flat. 6 rooms.' bath;
piano; Golden Gate ave. Box 3870, Call offlce.
654 CHURCH st— Furnished comer flat of 8
rooms; near Eighteenth st.
FLATS FOR. SALE— FURNISHED.
$400— NICELY furnished sunny flat, 6 rooms.
JOSEPH BAILIE, 759 Market st.
FDRXITUnE FOR SALE.
4 ROOMS furnished in tak, $1S SO. with No. 7
range. Klni? Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
FURNITURE of 4-room flat for sale cheap;
flat. to rent. 1743 Seventeenth ave.. South S. F.
ASSORTMENTS of furniture, carpets and
stoves: give U3 a trial. 1114 Mission st. -
FURNITURE WANTED.
TO- receive highest value for furniture, carpets,
etc.. see W.E.Cody, 737 Mission: tel. Red 3353.
AUCTIONEER John Elder, 22 Kearny, buys &
sells your bus. .merchandise. fur., carpets., eto.
IF you want to sell furn., mdse., etc., sea J. A.
Munro & Co., 240 Stockton st. : tel. James 1341.
A. WOLLPERT, 773 Mission St., pays highest
price for second-hand furniture: tel. Red 1354.
Auctioneer— L. Vincent, 1206 Larkin; tel. PolkSM;
furniture A furn'd houses bought; spot cash.
CHAS. LEVY buy* ycur furniture, carpets,
pianos, etc. 1135 Market st: tel. Jesslg 781.
HELP WANTED FEMALE.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S. ..Phone Grant 135
1 HOTEL DEPARTMENT.
* Head waitress, crew of girls, summer re-
sort $3O-$2O
2 waitresses, summer resort, see party here. $20
Waitress, springs, fare paid $20
2 waitresses, commercial hotel, see party
here $20
4 waitresses, Bakersfield $25
Waitress, club, see party here ;.$2S
Waitress, San tae... $25
10 waitresses, city $25-$20
2 chambermaids, to wait, city : $20
Cook, city, eiKht people $30
Cook, country, see party here $35
2 waitresses, restaurants $7-$6 week
10 extra waitresses, free fare .$1 50
FAMILY DEPARTMENT.
Cook, couu try. see party here $30
Cook and second, country $30-$26
Cook, German style. 2 in family $35
Seamstress and second work, country $20
House girls, same place $25
House girl, mining town, fare paid $25
House girl, Oakland, see party here $25
. Cook, San Rafael $30
C. R. HANSEN & CO .......104 Geary at.
COOK and house girl; small American family;
wash or no wash; best of wages; office fee
paid; see party here.
C. R. HANSEN & CO...... 104 Geary st
WANTED— Cook, Santa Clara County, hotel,
$30; cook. Contra Costa Co., hotel, $35: cook,
no wash, Oakland, American family. $30; girl
for 2 in family for housework. Belvedere $30-
girl for housework for Mill Valley, $25; Ala-
•meda, $23; San Rafael, ?25; Oakland. $25-
' Stockton, 2 In family. $27 50; - waitress for
country. Institution. $20; 6 waitresses, coun-
try hotels., $20 and $25; 4 second girls for coun-
try families. $25. and lots of city places for
all kinds of work. $20 to $30. J. F. CROSETT
& CO.. 316 Sutter st.
SELF-SUPPORTING, self-respecting young la-
dies— Co-operative home No. 3, Nob. S and 4
l Vernon place, has room for several applicants-
board, room, use of piano, parlor, laundry and
sewing room; all Included. $2 50 per week Ad-
dress MRS. EMMA McKELL. Supt. 4 Ver-
non place, off Hawtborna st, bet Harrison
and Folsom.
A YOUNG grirl to take 2 children out during
the day; $5 a month; sleep home. Call to-
day, Sunday. 233 Third ave., between South
California and Clement Take Geary or Sut-
. ter st car and get off at Third ave.
A— SEWERS wanted to take work home. 723
Market st, room 35.'
EXPERIENCED knitting and sewing- machine
. operators and a number of apprentices. Apply
J. J. PFISTER KNITTING CO.. 412 Polk st.
GIRLS to learn boo kf old Ing at McINTYRE'S
j - Bindery, 422 Commercial st.
GIRL, for upstairs work; must be good wait-
ress. 2112 Jackson at.
STEADY position to competent modiste to take
charge dressmaking department in store at
the Mission. • Box 3881. Call offlce.
OPERATORS on : women's wrappers; string
work; ateady work; good pay; electric power.
MARKS BROS.. 1213 Market st
HELP WA .1 TK1J— FEMALE— Con .
WANTED— An experienced Spanish typewriter.
- Address box 3877. Call offlce.
HAIRDRESSING taught complete In 4 weeks;
this is the trade for poor glrU and eelf-sup-
portln? women; positions secured; students
started in business; terms reasonable. Hair-
dressing College. 874 Geary at
WANTED— A small girl as companion to lady
on a ranch. S6S Geary «t "'
YOUNG girl; general housework and cooking;
' family of four: no window cleaning; very lit-
tle washlnr. 2721 Clay st. '
GOOD helpers, dressmakers, skirt hands, waist
hands. 7S2 Geary st
"WANTED— Experienced presser for factory;
.muslin underwear and children's wear.
MARKS BROS.. 1213 Market at
EXPERIENCED shirt and shirt waist makers;
also girls to learn. THOS. B. KENT. 121 Poet.
"WANTED— In San Rafael, for general house-
work, an active obliging girl in family of six;
wages {30 month; must have good references.
Adresa P. O. box 196, San Rafael.
COMPETENT and willing jronns nurs* for
children; references. 1318 Gough St., corner
Post. 1 to 4 p. m. only. ,- : •¦';.'
GOOD paying business for educated lady. Ad-
dress LEWI3. box 3747. Call offlce.
GIRL. #eneral housework; no cookings no dish-
washing; $20. 1563 Post st, near Laguna.
GIRL to assist with housework: small family;
wages $10. 1025 Laguna st, near Turk.
WANTED— Nurse maid, wltb references. Ap-
ply 1600 McAllister st. cor. Devlsadero.
WANTED— 8 bright, energetic ladles to tak»
course of study with Dr. E. B. McLean for
Sacramento and Denver. Apply 213 Call bldg.
"WANTED— One machine operator at 1120 But-
ter at -
" -
WAJJTEP— Waitress. 631 Ellis st.
TAJLORESSES wanted; a flrst-claM pants
maker 469^ Minna »t, near Sixth.
POSITION" for woman over 25 with some bust-
ness training; capable of earning- *12 a, weeict
no canvassing. Box 3S17, Call office.
"WANTED— First-class saleslady on tailor mada
suits; experienced and good referenoe*. BAR-
RON. Ladles' Tailor. 23-21 Grant ave.
GIRL for shooting gallery. 425 Dupont at; call
after 10 a. m. . ___________
GIRLS to learn paper bo* making;; wages from
start: steady work. S22 Market at
OPERATORS on shirts wanted; electrio power
used: none but experienced hands need apply.
617 Filbert st. j
EXPERIENCED hands wanted for dressmaJc-
ing. »13 Larkin st.: call Monday.
WANTED— A young lady who understand*
bookkeeping, typewriting: salary expected, by
a new flrm. Box 3900. Call offlce.
GIRL to learn fine vestmaklngt call Bundajl
M. WIPRIN. 766 Geary St.
GOOD finisher on custom pants. CHAS.
COOPER. 622 Clay at., room 18A.
AN offlce assistant for a business firm: atats
experience. qualifications and re-fe— Knees;
wages $8 per week. Address box 3S10. CalL
OPERATORS, button-hole makers and appren-
tices wanted: paid while learning. 609 Kear-
ny st. room 2.
WANTED— Young lady stenographer; stat«
salary, experience and references. Box 3S1S,
Call offlce. .
WANTED— Girl for light housework: no waah-
lng; good home. Apply 948 McAllister St.
MIDDLE-AGED woman to take care of chil-
dren and housework, $13. 1130 Golden Gat*
ave.
McDOWELL Dressmaking and MHllln-ry
School Is crowded and have organized civun-
ing classes; this Is the largest dressmaking;
school west of Chic&go and Is among the-
popular Institutions ot San Francisco; per-
fect fitting patterns cut to order, low Market
ABOUT 20O more operators wanted at Lejvi
STRAUSS & CO.'S, overall factory, S3 Fre-
mont st; no experience necessary; good
wages. Apply to MR. DAVIS.
EXPERIENCED operators on overalls; g«#d,
pay; steady employment. HEYNEilANN &
CO.. 410 Mission st.
EXPERIENCED operators, also learners, on
, muslin underwear. G. W. REYNOLDS, 697
Mission st., corner Second.
NEAT elderly Christian woman to assist In
small family. 1541 Treat ave., near Precita;
Folsom-st. car.
A LADY of indomitable energy, possessed oJ
cell-assertion; good opportTnity to right par-
ty. F. PERSON, room 412, Parrott building.
WANTED— A few experienced operators and a
limited number for instruction. Standard
Shirt Factory, Gough and Grove sts.
WANTED — A young- German girl for general
housework; wages $20. 2233 San Jose ave., near
new carhouse.
"WANTED— A first-class ealeslady for cloak
and suit house; good salary and ateady placa.
Box 3S27. Call office.
WANTED — Experienced salesladies. Apply at
HALE BROS/, 979 Market at. before 11 a, m.
WOMAN to assist giving *f>or bath; good
home; fair Day: state axe. Box 37D8, Call.
WANTED — Girls for hand sewing, dressmakers
preferred. 231 Powell at.
GIRL or woman for light housework. 1131)
Church st. .; .:•„¦_•
WANTED — Flrst-class trimmer In milliner—
department. Apply at HALTS BRO3.. *79
Market st., before 11 a. m. .' : .
HAIRDRESSING taught in 4 weeks; positions
secured when finished; eve'g. classes; term-
reasonable. Hairdressing College. 674 Geary.
MILLINERY taught in 3 months; positions se-
cured when competent; eve'g. classes; terms
reasonable. Millinery College, S74 Geary at.
WANTED — Experienced shirt or waist opera-
tors. EAGLESON A: CO., 635 Market at.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Flllmor* st
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1021
Valencia at
HELP AVAXTEB-MALE. *
A— MURRAY & READY Phone Main 6345
..Leading Employment and Labor Agants ._
WANT 1A.M. MONDAY
2 miners, $75; 2 muckers $60
Carman. $60; 4 laborers.; $175 day
All for tho same mines
6 laborers, no experience, mines $30
5 single hand miners .....$60
25 laborers, sawmills and woods. )2S
15 laborers, city and country..
$1 75 day and $23
¦ 25 farm and orchard hands $20 and $39
10 haymakers, teamsters, etc .....'.$39
MECHANICAL HELP
Carpenter, institution, $52 and found; ranch
carpenter; 3 carriage painters, $50; painter,
institution, also rough painter; 7 blacksmiths*
and helpers, '$2. $2 50 and $3 day; harness-
maker; sheet Iron worker; boys to learn
trades, work in shops, etc.; experienced mlllc
wagon driver. $35
HOTEL AND OTHER HELP ,
Walter, Nevada, $40, fare paid; marker and
distributor, Arizona, fare paid; steward. $40;
cook for officers" mess, $50; 15 cooks, city
and country $30, $40 and $50
22 waiters, city and country, $25, $30 and
$35; laundry help kitchen help
Butchers. $2 25 day and $59 < »
Walter and wife, small country hotel; hun-
dreds of other positions too numerous to ad-
vertise -
If you want work call and see us Monday
morning; we can place you
MURRAY & READY «34-<38 Clay st.
JOURNEYMEN Barbers* International Union-
Free employment; only recognized union. 11»
Turk: tel. Folsoro 1533. I. LES3. Secretary.
WANTED at once— Two flrst-claes presenrin*
men having thorough knowledge in the mak-
ing of preserves,' jams and Jellies in all their
different forms; any one not having had
complete experience in this line need not ap-
ply; first-class references required; salary no
object to the right men. Address box 3743.
Call office. >
EARN better salary & position; study electric-
ity, mechanical engineering & drawing hom*.
by correspondence; thousands successful; T.
A. Edison indorses institute; book, "Can I
Become an Electrical Engineer?" free.f Elec-
trical Engineer Institute, New York.
WANTED— By an established, high-rated flrm,
• scheme or specialty men to sell an exceed-
ingly attractive and salable line;, special
terms and unique inducements; high-priced,
men investigate. Box 254. Detroit Mich.
WANTED— Reliable man for this section by
large manufacturing bouse; $36 paid for two
weeks* trial; good chance for permanent posi-
tion at an increase. C. M.- CO., P. O. box
1412. Philadelphia. Pa.
WANTED— German agents, well dressed, good
talkers. Monday, 10-12 a. m. 606 Parrott blg-
WANTED—Flrst-class wood carver for coun-
try. Apply 675 Mission st
COATMAKERS wanted. Apply at factory of
S. N. WOOD & CO., 27 Geary st
"WANTED— Single man to drive one-horse par-
cel delivery wagon;, give reference and ex-
perience. . Box 381$. Call offlce.
BASTERS on coats. Apply factory of B N.
WOOD & CO., 27 Geary at
STRONG boy wanted, oil Sansome st E. C.
HUGHES.
BEDMAKER wanted. 983 Howard at; call
between 12 and lp. in.
BARBER shop— Established 35 years: causa
sickness. £03 Howard at. % •
DISHWASHER at Potrero Oyster House, 1523
Kentucky st . ¦
LODGING HOUSES FOR SALE — Con.
SELECT A HOUSE FROM ALL ?.....•
THE BARGAINS IN. THE CITY
18 rooms;. corner; fine for transient .$1000
10 rooms; on Eddy st, near Market :600
14 rooms; on Third sU near Market 660
14 rooms :¦ on -Mission^t "^
40 rooms: rent $60; clears $150 1000
24 rooms: north of Market; clears $200 2000
27 rooms; just finished; very fine..... 2800
20 rooms; on Geary st; clears $135 2400
44 rooms: positively the best; clears $300. 3700
80-room boarding-house; clears $600....... 8000
8-room flat; sunny side i°0
6-room flat; very good .'•• * 2a
500 other houses, 3 to 700 rooms. '
ABSTRACTS FREE. , PHONE MINT 798.
$100, CCO to loan at W per cent ' :
H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market St.. opp. Bth.
HOUSE of 8 rooms, all full. $110; party going
East. Call all week, 709 Taylor at-
FOR sale— 12 rooms, walnut marble-top furni-
ture, only. $250., Apply 823 Howard st.
SPIRITUALISM. i
ARRIVED— The celebrated . gypsy Prince Les-
ter, whose ¦ free tests, calling your name, the
name of the one you love and the name of the
one you will marry; the only medium In the
world so sure of his occult power that he will
give every person who comes prepared a won-
derful free test. Call or write, with stamps
for answers, 13S2 .Market St., opp. Seventh.
AFTER a severe illness, Mrs. Dr. Farnham, the
world-renowned spiritual medium; advice in
all affalra of life; ls.w«ults, divorces, deaths:
unites the separated: mining - specialty; cir-
cles Sun.. Wed.. Fri. eve.; letters answered.
Resld. (no elgns). 613 Eddy, bet. Hyde-Larkln.
FRED— W.. Brockway, nervo-pathist, locates
disease without asking questions, looking at
tongue or feeling of pulse, and prospect of
cure;- nervous and chronic diseases treated
without medicine. 327 Larkin, cor. G. O. ave.
ASSEMBLY Hall, 305 Larkin St., corner Mc-
Allister— Sunday, 2 p. m.. seats free; sub-
ject, "Spirit Return Explained — I Love Thee,
O T3od, for Thy Gifts"; friends and skeptics,
come; platform tests by C. E. Wheeler.
KNOW yourself! Send date of month of birth
for character delineation, practical advice."
etc., 25c: 3 questions answered. 25c: psychic
cartomancy. SPHINXIA, P. O. box 2165, S. F.
A— MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance, business
medium, life reader, medical clairvoyant; ait-
tlngs $1. 1164 O'Farrell. nr. Gough. Ellis car.
PROF. GEE. readings. L. 50c; G. $1; mail. $1;
dr. Tues., Thurs., Sat, 8 p.m.; 10c. 513 Jones.
EARLE, 622 Geary st. telephone Polk 1297—
Readings daily; seances Tues., Thurs. & Sun.
SPIRIT tests to-night. ' lac; readings, 50c, $1;
spirit photos, $1. ARNOLD DICKSON, 14S 6th.
MME. MAJORS, gifted spiritual medium, card
• reader and healer. 146 Eddy st.
MRS. LOUISE S. DREW, Psychic. Electric
and Magnetic Healer. ¦ Room 14, 303 Larkin st.
FRIENDSHIP Hall. 335 McAllister— Mrs. C. J.
Meyer: sittings dally; tests to all to-night: 10c:
CLAIRVOYANTS.
; ¦—••""•
ISMAR THE GYPSY. • "
ISMAR, the Egyptian Gypsy, draws aside the
! uncertain' years ahead; happiness and success
go hand in hand, yet hundreds fail where suc-
cess is possible were it not for a lack of fore-
sight into the future, fit you are in trouble of
any kind, discontented, unhappy or not satisfied
in life, consult ISMAR, for she is a prophetess
of world-wide fame and her name has become a
proverb in thousands of homes made happy by
her aid and advice. ISMAR can be consulted
daily from 10 a. m. to 5 p.' m., Sundays by ap-
pointment only, at her offlce, 1148 Market St.,
opp. Sixth. By mall three questions answered,
$1. Full life reading. $5. See large ad on p. 15.
MME. M. BERNARD.
THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, permanent-
ly located 17 Third st. next Examiner bldg.
She reads your life correctly, gives an accur-
ate description of the past, reveals the present
happenings and portrays events to occur in the
future. If you are In trouble, discontented, un-
'. happy or not satisfied in life, or have domes-
tic, love or business troubles,, consult this
great medium and you will be told how to
overcome them. Valuable advice in all affairs
of life; 25c up; perfect satisfaction guaranteed.
MRS. DR. F. CLARK, the well-known trance
medium,- is permanently located at 1206 Mar-
ket Bt, corner Golden Gate ave., rooms 25
and 26; take elevator. Perfect satisfaction
guaranteed by mall: send stamp for pam-
phlet .with special terms. Dally and Sunday.
MME. ARNDT, the great clairvoyant, tells
past and future; never fails: has the greatest
Egyptian secret; shows picture of future hus-
band or wife; fees 25c up: satisfaction to
everybody: tips on races. 2i5*4. Sixth st.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant * card
reader, born with double veil— second sight;
diagnoses disease with life reading: ladles 50c,
gents .$1: palm, and clalr. sit. $1 50. 126 Turk.
ISMAR, the Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant , and
palmist, permanently located 114S Market, op.
6th; private readings dally, 10 a. m. to 5 p. m.
YOUR life revealed; satisfaction guaranteed:
send birth date and 10c. PROF. - JOHN
' MYERS, Lincoln Park station,- Chicago.
MME. LAROSE, best clairvoyant, card reader,
test medium; 25c up. 472 Stevenson St., cor. 6th.
MRS. MELVILL, well-known clairvoyant, water
reader. 11 6th ;German spoken ;tel. Howard 1S-16.
CATHERINE DEAN, clairvoyant, scientific
life and card reader. 98D Howard st., offlce 23.
YOUNG Miss Zemdar, clair., palmist; names
given: hrs. 10 to 9. 1203 Market St., cor. 8th.
MRS. MALLORY, clairvoyant, card reader;
when others fall consult me; 25c. 125 Sixth.
MME. WALTERS, great card reader; . ladies
25c, gents 50c. 951 Mission, nr. 6th; open Sun.
MME. ZEREDA, the gypsy, is the great palm-
ist and card reader; 25c up. 7 Seventh st.
MME. HANSON, palmistry, card reader; past,
present, future"? 25c. 148 Sixth St., room 14.
MME. SGHAFFER. clairvoyant, card reader;
sittings dally. 44S^ Jessie st. bet. 5th ani 6th.
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
palmistry; truth or no pay; 25c. 1149 Mission.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
advice; names given; 25c up 5 Fourth at.
CAPE NOME, Teller City and all points in
Alaska. For freight and passage rates, call or
write C. F. MOORE. 935 Market St.. room 6.
CARPET BEATING AND CLEANING.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
3 send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-Beat-
lng Works, 353-357 Tehama at ; tel. South 40.
SANITARY cleaning and dyeing company.
342-344 McAllister st.; phone South 146.
CITY Steam ' Carpet-Beating Works. G. H.
STEVENS, mgr., 38-40 8th St.; tel. South 250.
J. E. MITCHELL, Carpet-Beating and jReno-
vatlng Co.. 240 Fourteenth st. ; tel. Mission 74.
ADVANCE Carpet-Cleaning Co. . 402 Sutter st. ;
tel. Main 894. GEO. WALCOM, Proprirtor.
CARPETS cleaned at the lowest rates. STRAT-
TON. S Eighth st; telephone Jessie 944
CONKLIN'S Carpet-Beatjng 'Works, 333 Golden
Gate ave.; telephone East 126. ¦
CHIROPODISTS.
CORNS, buniens. ingrown nails, warts, chll-
-. blatns; painless cure. Dr. Duncan, 415 Sutter.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEf^R^E^wT^El^L^^Agency^No charge un-
less successful. Room 810. 927 Market st.
COTTAGES TO LET. ¦
$6— HOUSE, 4 rooms; near 34th and Mission;
worth $12 in city. Apply 64 Silver st, off
Third; water free. .<_.
$12— COTTAGE of 4 rooms, with stable. 115
Gilbert st ' '-'¦¦¦
DENTISTS. __^__^
AT the El1sCTRo"-I}E1n"tXl^2L~INIC, 809 Mar-
ket st, cor. 4th, rm. , 7, Flood bldg., you can
have -your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates, our specialty; gold crowns,
$3 KO up; plates, extractions free, $4 50 up; of-
flce hours, 9 a. m. to 10 p. m. ; Sundays, 9 to 2
. p. m. J. W. THATCHER. M. P.. Manager.
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates/bridges
and fillings; extractions or fillings -by my
wonderful secret,'. painless method: 20. years';
experience; no students; advice, free; prices
cheapest ' and guaranteed ; lady attendants.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell at.
A— NEW. unbreakable plate, the Rose Pearl,
' E warranted for j 20 I years ; crowns, $3 50 ; fillings,
60c; plates, $5; full set; all work painless and
warranted. Chicago . Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth.
DR. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 Market, nr. Eleventh
—No charge for extracting when plates are
made; old plates made over like new; teeth
from $8 per set; extracting,. 50c; gas given.
EXPERT dentist in order. to build up a prac-
tice will fill teeth, make plates, gold crowns
• and bridge work at bedrock prices; payments.
Office 1141 Polk st, cor. Sutter; open Sundays.
CURRY, - "Dentist" ; all work guaranteed. 214
McAllister st: phone. Mint 276. * .
MEYER, 6 Turk— Painless extraction; vitalized
alr;crowns;br!dgework. Open Sundays to 12 m.
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny, cor. Bush—
' Full Bet of teeth, $4: crowns. $3;' fillings. 25c
DR.-R. L. WALSH,815% Geary, nr.Larkln— Pain"
. less extraction 50c;plates $5 up;phone Polkll35.
DR. H. ' G, TRUEMAN, ( dentist, third floor, Ex-
amlner building:, formerly in Murphy bldg.
LOWEST prices in S. F. Painless extraction,
EOc. N.Y. Dentists.: 969 Mission St., cor. 6th.
VAN - VROOM— "Painless" ; evenings and Sun-
days. . 1001: Market at.. : corner Sixth. ¦; ,.'-:.
SET- of ;' teeth . without plates. DR. , H. G.
YOUNG. V 1341 Polk st / '
PARTjnBRBHIP.
DISSOLUTION of copartnership— The firm of
OLSEN & BIANCHI of 638 Washington Bt
. Is this day dissolved. " MR. A. BIANCHI re-
tires from the firm. Tho Dullness will be con-
tinued by H. J. OLSEN. All persons indebted
to the flrm will please call and settle. OLSEN
& BIANCHL
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School—
•Class rates; .patterns cut 1019 Market »t
ACCORDEON pleating: country . orders prompt
- attention. 121 Post; ovtr O'Connor & Moffatt.
* ' EPPCATIONA1-. ___
A~GRAND MaFdAT FESTIVAL andTexhibi-
tion of dancing by the Juvenile classes of
Findlay's Schoolof Dancing at Odd Fellows'
Hall. Wednesday, May 1: matinee 2 p. m.,
. evening 8; over 100 pupils will take part in
. dances of all nations; Prof. Findlay has given
private instruction to all the leading Juvenile
talent in San Francisco.
GALLAGHER-MARSH College. Parrott bldg;.—
Shorthand, typing and bookkeeping: Robert
F. Gallagher, expert court reporter, teacher of
shorthand; reportorlal phrasing taught; prac-
tical bookkeeping, full course, J50; catalogue.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 Post st,
8. F. — Bookkeeping, . shorthand, typing, lan-
guages, telegraphy, English branches, civil,
electrical and mining engineering, etc. ; day
& night sessions; new SO-page catalogue free.
AYRES'. Business College, 723 Market st— Day
& eve.; bookkeeping, shorthand, typing, teleg-
raphy, etc.; life scholarship. $50; Individual
instruction; positions secured; catalogue free.
A— THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
¦ school for the university, law and medical
colleges; references, . President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building.
CALIFORNIA BUSINESS COLLEGE has poai-
tlons guaranteed to it by written contract and
can therefore with confidence guarantee posi-
tions to all its graduates. , 305 Larkin st. '
ENGINEERING— Civil, elec.,mlning.mech..sur-
vey, assay, cyanide; day, eve.; est. 1864. Van
der Nalllen School, U3 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
A FULL course of Ellis bookkeeping: and the
Gregg shorthand costs only $60. ' San Fran-
clsco Business College, 1236 Market st.
A SPECIALTY— Perfecting beginners; business
college graduate*; bookkeeping; figures; short
time. TARR. exp. acct., 220 Parrott bldg.
MERRILL-MILLER College, shorthand and
typing, removed to new quarters, rms.. 40-45,
Parrott bldg.: Individ, instruction; catalogue.
WANTED — A few pupils In all branches in
-oil painting by very competent lady teacher;
50c. Box E, Call offlce.
COACHING In English branches, elocution,
piano and vocal music; lessons 2>c. Address
box 3863, Call office.
SUPERIOR violin,, zither, guitar, banjo, man-
dolin lessons 50c. W. P. Chambers, 244 Taylor.
PROF. MERKI, from Paris, violin, mandolin,
guitar; experienced. '1003 Mission st. .
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc. ; day or eve. ; $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
ILLUSTRATION— PAKTINGTON'S DAY and
ILLUSTRATION— night class. 424 Pine st.
• EMPLOYMENT OFFICES. >
JAPANESE Employment Offlce and House-
cleaning Co., best help; send men at short
notice. 1125 Sutter. nr. Polk; tel. Larkin 2391.
JAPANESE and Chinese help of all kinds;
cooks, waiters and house servants. • GEO.
AOKI & CO., 421 Post st; tel. Bush 135.
JAPANESE, central housecleaning & employ-
ment; all kinds help. 104C Sutter; tel. East 203.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese employment of-
flce; all kinds help. ,' 315Stockton^MalnJ>188.
ORPHEUM Employment Offlce— Japanese. Chl-
nese help.426 Powell, nr.Sutter: tel. Black 5072
CHINESE and Japanese employment- offlce —
Best help. 411^ O'Farrell et ; tel. East 426.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED— FEMALE.
REFINED middle-aged lady wishes position as
housekeeper; city or country. Call 68-76 Ellis
st, room 57,' between land 4 p. m. , •
RELIABLE .woman wishes .work by the day;
a good : washer and Ironerr* 4057 Nineteenth
St., near Castro. .
SWEDISH woman wants a position to do cook-
ing and housework; call Monday. 2817 Six-
teenth st, near Folsom. .
ENGLISH lady offers her services as com-
panion or nurse to family going to Europe in
return for traveling expep. M., 2007 Howard.
AN experienced i hotel housekeeper desires a
position in a first-class hotel or summer re-
sort; can give first-class references as to abil-
ity and character. Address 610 Jones st ¦ |
WANTED— Situation as cook; small wash;
wages $25 ; woman of experience. Apply 76
',' Herman .st. -.¦•¦.' ¦
HOUSEKEEPER position wanted by middle-
aged German lady without incumbrance; good
home; country. Box 3890, Call offlce.
¦WANTED — Washing, ironing, housecleanlnff by
the day. $1. LYDIA R. TODD. 34S8 Eigh-
teenth st. - • •
MIDDLE-AGED refined German woman wants
situation for second work and' sewing. 40
Twelfth st. - . | '
A RESPECTABLE, trustworthy Protestant
woman, alone,* would like a good home In
American family in the city where she can
make herself useful; small wages. Box 3809,
Call office. ¦ . ¦ - ¦¦
A WOMAN ¦wishes to take 'Care of a child;
mother's care. At 27 Geneva st., bet. Bran-
nan and Townsend, Sixth and Seventh.
POSITION as housekeeper for elderly couple or
care of residence during owner's absence; no
objection to country; references. Call or ad-
dress 916 Fourth ave., Oakland.
NURSE would like the care of invalid lady or
gentleman or a young babe: an excellent cook
for the sick. Box 2221, Call office, Oakland.
COMPETENT woman wants a place a3 cook
or general work in small family. Apply
5 Monday, 2415 Clay st. near Flllmore; wages
$25 to $30. .
WANTED — By an American lady, a situation
as sick nurse. 225 Fourth st. .
MILLINER lsyte with Caswell. out, will do mil-
linery private. 417 Mason st, cor. Post. ¦
MIDDLE-AGED American woman wishes situ-
ation as working housekeeper; refined and
trustworthy. MRS. ¦ M. LISTON, station M,
Richmond district.
A RESPECTABLE middle-aged German lady,
all alone, good plain German cook, desires po-
sition by aged couple or in small family; no
children. Box 3828, Call offlce.
REFINED middle-aged lady wishes position as
housekeeper; city or country. Call 68-76 Ellis
et., room 57, between 1 and 4 p. m.
LADY wishes sewing and mending to do at
home. 150 Fourth st.
YOUNG German woman wants work by the
day. Address German Woman, 300 Hayes st.
WANTED— A position by a young lady to as-
sist In office work, clerk in book or muslo
store; small salary to .begin with. > Address
box 3791. Call offlce. ¦ •
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St., near Mar-
ket— 200 rooms; 25c to $1 60 per night; $1 50 to
$6 week; convenient ana respectable; free 'bus
and baggage to and : from '.ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce. 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st. ; . ' •...-¦-
EMPLOYMENT WANTED— MALE.
WANTED— Situation as man about place; un-
derstands care of horses, milking and garden;
city or ¦ country. , Please call or write S.
.LAUX, 26 Turk st. Park Hotel.
MIDDLE-AGED- man, handy with horses and
tools, ¦ wants light .work; will take care of
small stable of horses; no milking; wages $10
per month if good place. H. W., 246 Third st.
TO druggists! Wanted— A situation; two and
• a half-, years' experience; not. a graduate;
willing in all; city or country; Al references.
¦ Box 3356, Call. office. .. ; '
A YOUNG man with experience wishes a po-
sition in : a country ¦ hotel In dining-room or
pantry; good references. Box 3S74, . Call. '
« — __
HANDY man around private residence, either
In country or city, wants a position. P.
BUCKLEY. 821 Jessie st «
A COMPETENT and reliable ¦ man desires to
look after and take care of premises while
owners are. absent; good references. Address
¦ Vigilant, , box 3880, : Call offlce.
SITUATION -wanted by middle-aged barkeeper
' in' country ' hotel ; ' references. Address D.
LOVETT, 16 Fifth st. • . '
SITUATION wanted as coachman by, single,
sober, reliable Swiss, for private place; un-
derstands some gardening; good Chicago ref-
erences. Box 3879, Call oflice. : „ •
FIRST-CLASS middle-aged man; understands
care, of incubator; can care for horses, car-
riages." garden and milk; references; small
wages. Box 3872, Call offlce. - -
A YOUNG man, German, would like position
¦ as : bartender ;in - country: best of references.
Address O. M..- 1104 Larkin st • - , ; •
EXPERIENCED . stenographer and offlce aa-
¦ Blstant, young man, very capable, desires
situation requiring flrst-class services. Box
: 3816, Call office. ....
AN experienced kitchen man with the best ref-
. erences, wishes situation in a private family,
' clubhouse ; or • private boarding-house. Box
3814, Call offlce. ;• ': ,» .: - . ...
JAPANESE boy wishes a position, to do cook-
- ing; or general housework. -' Box SS30," CalL .
MEETING NOTICES — Continued.
OFFICERS and members of Unity Jg^
Lodge No. 61, K. of P., and allarJ*^
Pythian members In the city are re-^<vK«*
queeted to assemble at Pythian *e_=_Ej
Castle, S03 Market st. SUNDAY. April 21. at
1:20 p. m., for the purpose of attending the
funeral of our late brother. FREDERICK.
DODD. By order of
J. H. KEEN. Chancellor Commander.
S. W. GATES, K. of R. and S,
MEMBERS of Golden Gate Company aa~
No. 3. U. R. K. P.. are hereby or- -^ jQ
dered to assemble at Pythian Castie
SUNDAY. April 21. at 1 p. m.. In full 4&ZH
uniform, to attend the funeral of the late
COLONEL F. DODD. Visiting Knights Loyal
are Invited to attend _ By order
CAPTAIN T. L. "WEBER.
OFFICERS and neighbors -jj.. ~"^fl|
of Redwood Camp No.* -^vUf (I
SI, W. O. W.— You are f?*Z<?t\f£r\iJjk JA
hereby notified to assem- fcL^^^V^ySryJTtKly
ble at our meeting hall wiSi _j««___hp-— •
in Pioneer building,
SUNDAY. April 21. at 1 p. m. sharp, for the
purpose of attending the funeral of our de-
ceased neighbor. FREDERICK. DODD. By
order of *•-
I. L. ISAACS, Consul Commander.
F. C. RUSSELL, Clerk. ' '
ST. ANDREWS Society— Annual A •cy 5^.
family picnic at Fairfax Park, on 5S *_*£"_'
SATURDAY, May 4, 1901. Oak- T_v£&c
land society will participate; boats
from Sausallto ferry landing at 6:53, 9:30 a.
m.. and 12:45 p. m. Tickets, 60c and 25c; to
be had from members or at wharf.
ALLAN POLLOK, President.
GEO. BT. JOHN BREMNER, Sec.
THIRTY-FIFTH grand annual gath- v %7>t
enr.u end faratB of the Caledonian JJ^ LMmJ
CI'jU of Pan Francisco at Shell "^»3_S*
Mound Park, May 30. • i^*
A. M. MACPHERSON, Chief.
JAMES H. DUNCAN. Secretary.
JOHN HOLLY, the Quaker evangelist, and
Mr. Jeffries, vocalist, from Los Angeles, will
hold meetings at Sunshine Hall, 928 Harri-
son st. near Fifth, commencing Sunday
evening, April. 21. 7:45. All are welcome.
AGENTS WANTED.
FOR good agents and salesmen put your ad-
] vertisement in The Winner, St. Louis, Mo.:
a mail order monthly; you will secure the
best hustlers in the country; 600,000 copies
each issue go to small cities and towns not
covered by dailies; rate per line, $173, less
S per cent for cash; try It once and watch
results.
WE want representatives of both sexes, and in
I every locality; light work; good pay: steady
employment. Address Manager, room 228,
fifth floor, Parrott bids., S. F.
LADIES' silk waists, • boys' and men's suits,
ladies' and men's shoes, FREE to a few
In each locality; send stamp for catalogue:
state size and article wanted. LOVERING
MERCANTILE CO., S. C. 805 Pioneer Press,
St. Paul.
O. C. C. DEPILATORY— A harmless liquid for
permanently removlne suDerfluous hair: will
not Irritate, burn nor poison the most delicate
skin; personal demonstrations free; agent*
wanted. Ontario Chem. Co.. agrcy., 426 Ellis.
WANTED — A local ag».nt In each township to
sell our up-to-date publications; good re-
muneration f6r fir3t-class people. Address
STEPHENSOX, box 114. Sacramento, Cal.
AGENTS— Do you want something more profit-
able and-Casler to sell than books or insur-
ance? Ad. F. PERSON, r. 412. Parrott bldg.
MAN or woman in every county: fine legitimate
thing. Particulars box 3S29. Call offlce.
MUSICAL agents to sell our tyrolean harps.
Call at 1523 Market, between 11 and 12.
ADOPTION.
GOOD home open for h*althv boy and <lrl
bab'es. MRS. DR. FUN'K>:, 141fi Sth. A'ameJa.
j ASPHALTl/'SI ROOKING.
J. PELTIER, asphalt roofing, sidewalks re-
paired: postal. 11S6 Mission: ie'. Folsom 1607.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty; private;
no fee without success; collections. G. W.
HOWE, atty at law, 850 Market, cor. Stocktn.
ADVICE free; no charges unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON, 9Z7 Market Bt.. opp. Mason.
L. S. CLARK, Emma Spreckels bldg.. 927 Mar-
ket st; consultation free; nn fees In advance.
BATH CABIA'ETS.
BATH CABINETS: ROBINSON, Niagara, Per-
ferttcn and others. Afencv. 42S Ellis St.. S. F.
BUAItUIMi Kim CHILDREN.
FREE of charge— Good, new, healthy country
borne; orphans half-orphans and abandoned
children. Boa: 3799. Call office.
WANTED — Child or baby to care for; reason-
able. Box 3707. Call offlce.
WIDOW with a child wishes 2 or 3 children to
board ; yard : best of care. 1607 California 8t
BUSINESS CHANCES.
¦WHAT? a building, a business, a stock and
fixtures, consisting of an oyster house with
restaurant; liquor license; doing big busi-
ness; centrally located and on Market; all
goes for $450. FISHER & CO., 935 Market st.
FIRST-CLASS butcher "shop; elegant fixtures;
doing $50 per day; horse and wagon; centrally
located; only $300. FISHER, 935 Market st.
DELICATESSEN and grocery, doing $20 per
day; large stock; fine fixtures; 3 living rooms
furnished; must sell at once; sickness the
cause; cost 1800. $325 will take everything;
business cor.; snap. FISHER & CO.. 935 Mkt.
$275— MILLINERY store; bargain; going East
cause of sale. MCLAUGHLIN & CO., 777V4
Market st. , £
$750 — CORNER 6aloon for sale; under present
ownership 13 years; good location; retiring
from buslne&s. MCLAUGHLIN & CO., 777%
Market st.
J750 — CORNER saloon: business location; full
valu» for price asked: retiring from business
cause of sale. MCLAUGHLIN & CO., 777^
Market st «
$250— PARTNER wanted In an qld established
cash business: owner well known practical
business man ; profits average $80 a month
to each. Particulars with DONNELLY &
CO., G32 Market Et.
J250— PARTNER wanted In an old established
cash business; owner well known pr.ictlcal
business man ; profits average $S0 a month
to each. Particulars with DONNELLY &
CO.. 632 Market st.
AAA— 100 CIGAR stands, 200 groceries and bars,
300 candy and ice cream stores, 600 restau-
rants. 900 stores of all kinds; partners wanted.
Parties with $100 up can be suited. If .you
want to buy a business call and see us.
WALTER HAYES & CO.. S38 Market st.
FOR private sale; some of the best saloons in
the city. WALTER HAYES & CO.. 838 Mkt.
A FTNE restaurant; city front; $1500. JOSEPH
BAILIE- 7^9 Market st.
I HAVE bargains In groceries and bars, res-
taurants, bakeries, candles, cigars, notions,
drug stores, etc. JOSEPH BAILIE, 759 Mkt.
FOR SALE— A well-established grocery and
general merchandise business in Oakland,
Cal.; will sell for cost price of stock, which
will Inventory for about $4000; splendid op-
portunity for an active business man; rea-
sons for selling, sickness; principals only
will be dealt with. For particulars see J.
F. STREET, Attorney at Law. rooms 18 and
17. 855 Broadway. Oakland. Cal.
A — CANDY store for sale — A fine, neat candy
store; stock, fixtures and good will; right on
main street; heart of town; doing a fine
business; owner must go away; clears $100
during winter months: now Is the time to
buy. GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO.. 1008 Broad-
way, Oakland.
FOR sale — On account of sickness, a nice cash
business clearing from $45 to $50 per month:
4 fine large living rooms; rent only $16; big
chance for improvement to the rlubt party;
one month's trial given; price $300. 619 Va-
lencia St., bet. Seventeenth and Eighteenth.
"FORTUNES Quickly Made in Oil"; write for
new booklet (just out): also special bulletin
and advices on oil Investments; mailed free.
BECK LEY & CO.. Bankers, 60 Broadway,
New York.
IF you are an active, energetic man and want
an interest In a first-class paying city publi-
cation, in which you can double your money
in a year, address box 3891, Call office.
A FirtST-CLASS new and second-hand ladles'
clothing store - for sale cheap, as the owner
has other business; the rent Is cheap and lo-
cation first-class. Apply 1023 Folsom at
SPOT cash for 1000 stock cattle in lots of 100
or more; name price, breed, age. etc. W. W.
CAMRON. room 23, Crocker building.
'HAVE you a little money to Invest? It costs
nothing to Investigate and you may not re-
gret It. Address box 3S34, Call office.
$600— BETTER than oil; the right to manufac-
ture and. sell Pattison's perfect family water
etill for the State of California. ' T. PATTI-
SON, 60 Fair Oaks st. S. F. -
WELL equipped .French hand ' laundry; ex-
clusive cash patrons; without competition;
good profit; poor heAlth cause of sale. Ad-
dress box 2825. Call offlce.
$300— CANDY, stationery and cigars: fine loca-
tion; rent only $17; receipts $10 day. LUN-
DIN & CO., S06 Market st.
A— RESTAURANT on ¦ Montgomery st. ; good
fixtures; . rushing trade; sacrifice: quick.
DONALD INVESTMENT CO.. S50 Market at.
WELL located an« paying saloon: must • be
60ld. LEMLE-LEVY CO.. 265 Third st
gAN FRAXCISCO CALL.
BUKLNESS OFFICE of The San Krandsco
Ca. . corner of Market and Third streets; open
imtn 12 o'clock every night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— 627 Montgomery street
corner Clay; open tmtll S:SO p. m.
800 Hayes street; open r-itll ?:30 p. m.
ta McAllister street : open until 8:30 p. m.
C15 Larkin street; cp' until 9:30 p. m.
1M1 Mission street: open until 10 p. ra.
2181 Market street, corner -Ixteenth: open
until * p. m.
106 Eleventh street: open tntll 9 p. m.
1C96 Valencia Ftreet: open until t p. m.
Northwest corner Twent--second and Ken-
tucky Etreets: open until 8 r. tn.
CHCUCH SERVICES.
tTNITARIAN Church (First). EW. cor. Geary
and Frauklln sts.— Rev. Bradford Leavitt,
minister; Rev. Dr. Etebblns, minister emer-
itus; Charles A. Murdock. superintendent ot
Sunday school. The Sunday echool Is at 10
o'clock. The morning service Is at 11 o'clock.
Rev. ilr. Leavitt will preach; subject. "The
Transmission of Power." Music by quartet
choir. All are cordially Invited. There Is
no evening service.
EECOND Unitarian Church, corner Capp and
Twentieth ets. — Rev. E. F. Dlnsmore. mlnlB-
ter; residence, £23 Capp st Sunday echool, 9:45
o'clock. Morning theme, "Harvesting."
Evening theme, "The Story of Jonah and
tne Whale," by Rev. F. L. Hoemer of
Berkeley.
TRINITY Church, corner Bush and Gough
it*.— Rev. Frederick W. Clampett, D.D., rec-
tor. Holy communion, 1 . 8 and U a. tn. Morn-
ing: eerrloe, 11 o'clock. Evening prayer, 4
o'clock. Friday service at 11 a. m. for
army and navy. The rector will preach.
CENTRAL Methodist Episcopal Church, Mis-
sion et., between Sixth and Seventh — Presi-
dent Joseph E. Btubbs of the State University.
of Nevada will preach at 11 o'clock, and Dr.
B. D. Hutsinpiller will preach at 7:45 on
the topic, "The Clear Message of God to
Man." Good music Free teats and a cor-
dial welcome for all.
FTRST Congregational Church, corner Post and
Mason sts.— Rev. George C. Adams, D.D.,
pastor. Rev. R. H. Sink of Btockton will
preach at both services. At 11 a. ra., theme,
"The Klng-dom Within." At 7:45 p. m..
theme, "The Stature of Christ." All are
cordially invited. _^^_____
CALVARY and St. John's Presbyterian Church-
es worship together at corner California and
Octavia ets. Dr. Hemphill will preach morn-
Ins: and evening-. 11 and 7:45. Topic even-
ing, "Evolution as Applied to Religion."
Sabbath school and Mr. Johnston's Bible
. class, 12:30. Christian Endeavor, 6:30.
Wednesday evening service, 8 o'clock. All
are cordially invited.
FIRST Presbyterian Church. Van Ness avenue
and Sacramento Bt— Rev. R. Mackenzie,
D.D., minister; Rev. William Kirk Guthrle,
CLssodate minister. Services at 11 a. m. by
Rev. Mr. Guthrie. Services at 7:45 p. m. by
Rev. Mr. Guthrle. Sunday school, 12:S0 p. m.
Y V. S. C. E., 6:30 p. m. All are welcome.
Midweek meeting Wednesday "evening at 8
o'clock. -
EEVENTH-DAT Adventist Church, 914 Laguna
et.. McAllister and Golden Gate ave.— Preach-
ing this evening at 7:30 o'clock by Elder B.
F. Richards; subject "The Morning of the
Nation and the Rejoicing of God's People." A
cordial invitation Is extended to alL Seats
free.
FIRST Church of Christ, Scientist. Central
block. 223 Sutter st. between Kearny ft. and
Grant ave.— Christian Science Bible lesson at
11 a. m.; subject. "Probation After Death."
Bunday school for children at the same hour.
"Wednesday evening meeting at 8 o'clock.
Free reading-room, 20$ Kearny Et_, room 510.
All are welcome.
REORGANIZED Church of Jesus Christ,
Druids' Temple, Folsom and Fourteenth sts.
Preaching: 11 a. m. by J. A. Anthony; 7:45
p. m. bj; George S. Lincoln. This church
•was organized by command of God to preach
the everlasting gospel as a "sign" of the
approach of a reign of peace. Sunday echool
*:45 a. m.
CHURCH Of Jesus Christ of Latter Day
Saints will hold their semi-annual confer-
ence In the K. of P. Hall, 909 Market St.;
services 10 a. m., 2 and 8 p. m.; the funda-
mental principles of the gospel of Christ
¦will be clearly explained; in the evening
President E. U. Nyi- will occupy the pulpiL.
All welcome. No collections.
PROF. KNOX will lecture on '"How to Make
a Success in Any Line of < Business," , in
Golden Gate Hall, 625 Sutter St.. at 8 p. m. ¦
AH men and women should hear this lec-
ture. The Firet Mental Science Temple hold
regular meeting at 11 a. m. Prof. Knox will
lecture. Both lectures free. Collection will
be taken to defray expenses. '
TIIEOSOPHICAL Society— Public lecture to-
night at' 8 o'clock in Odd Fellows' building
by Miss M. A. Walsh. Subject, "Color
Vibrations."
MEETIXGS SUNDAY.
AA— DR. J. DEPEW KERGAN lectures this
evening on "Looking Into Nature's Heart,"
et Crystal Hall. Pythian Castle. 909 Market I
St.. to be followed by maeniflcent views of
the Philippine Islands; those attending may
procure free tickets to the X-ray exhibition
at the Sanitarium next Tuesday evening;
seats free; no collection.
.A— MRS. J. J. WHITNEY; grand test meeting.
S o'clock: come early; questions answered.
1164 O'Farrell. bet. Franklin and Gough;
Ellls-*t. car; admission 10c.
Sittings daily for axlvice in business, spirit-
ual messaees and diagnosinu disease, $1;
evenings by eniras-ement; tel. Hyde 2461.
DR. CARET will lecture this eve. at 909 Mar-
ket et. on the "Biochemlc Pathology of Dis-
ease vs. the Microbe or Germ Theory"; seats
free.
EDWARD EARLE'S seance to-night, €22 Geary
st, near Jones. 8 o'clock sharp; wonderful
and convincing demonstrations, questions, etc.
A— DR. RINES' Spiritual Society. 909 Market—
11. free; 8 p. m. James R. Little lectures and
tests; Swan Wilson; election 3 p. m.
MRS. EBERHARDTS convincing tests to-
§ night; 10c. S250 Twenty-second Et; skeptics
Invited; telephone Blue 954. j
SPIRITUAL meeting to-night, free. 117 Lar-
kin, lower hall; convincing tests; Wrenn,
Mott, Maxwell.
MRS STODPARD-— Convincing test to all; cir-
cles 10c: Sunday, Tuesday; readings daily
m Ninth et. I
MME. YOUNG'S demonstration of spirit re-
turn to-ni_ht COS McAllister; 10c; come,
skeptics. .
MRS. COLBT has returned: trance sittings
dally; circle* Tues. evening. 1041H Valencla-
MRS. WERMOUTH. 416 Golden Gate ave.— Cir-
cles Sun., Mon_, Fri., 8 p. m.; Wed.. 2:30; 25c.
C. V. MILLER'S materialising seance to-night
t o'clock: Mte. 1064 Bush. nr. Leavenworth.
MRS EVANS, 123 Sixth, r. 16; circle to-night,
8. 10c; aleo to-morrow eve.; readings daily.
A FREE lecture on palmistry, with free read-
Ings for all. this eve. at 8 o'clock. 423 Ellis.
W. G. KEEGAN holds spiritual meeting. every
night except Sat: 10c 14S Sixth Bt, 2d floor.
KATIE HEUSSMANN to-night. 909 Market
Bt. ; questions answered. 10c; sitt'gs. 124 RU6S.
MRS. GILLINGHAM will read sealed questions
and flowers, % p. rr.., 10c. 305 Larkin et
MRS. WINCHESTER, 1C10 Clay— Circle to-
nlg-ht. 8 o'clock: Tuefday. 8 p. m.
MliKTIXG NOTICES.
MOTJNT Morlah Lodge No. 44, F. and m
A. M. — Officers and members are re- _#V_
Fpectfully requested to as=emMe at the sL5?
Temple MONDAY, April 22, at 2 /V^
p. m., for the purpose of attending the fu-
neral obsequies of Brother MICAH DOANE.
By order of the W. M.
THEO. FROLICH. Secretary.
WALHALLA Encampment No. 7, I. O. j* «,
Q. F.— The officers and the funeral y(
committee of the above encampment
are hereby notified to assemble at Odd-^
Fellows' Hall, comer Mc*i»t and Seventh
Bts., on BUNDAY, April 2L at l:S0 o'clock p.
m_ sharp, for the purpose of attending the
funeral of our late brother, JOHN HILL-
MANN, P. C. P. By order of the C. P.
CHAS. QUAST, Financial Scribe.
cV>NCORDIA Lodge No. 122. 1/ O. .s^JUBSfe.
O. F. — The members pf the funeral ar?5_>§2s
committee are hereby notified to
assemble at Odd Fellows' Hall, " 5 W :>
SUNDAY, April 21, at 1:30 p. m.. to attend
tho funeral cf our late brother, JOHN HILL-
ilANN, P. G., deceased. By order of
HUGO SCHEUNERT. N. G.
CHRIST EOEBER, Recording Secretary.
UNITY Lodge No. 131. I. O. O. F.— _>**!!£'».,
M^rr.bwe Rj-f requested to attend §V2b£v~
nit-ti-? TUESDAY, April Z3, at
t p. m. Business of Importance / MHw
will be brought before the lodre.
S. F. THOMPSON, N. G.
A. S. CROKK. R. S.
ALL Odd Fellows are requested to v^yru-^
attend the t.2i anniversary eele- =2^p**2!5tC
liration n!id picnic, at Kerr.brock Z^<&^S
Park. FRIDAY. April 26 Tickets
Jl; children 60c; train leaves foot of Market
rt. > a. m. THE COMMITTEE.
EIGHTY-SECOND anniversary. I. «*\*_svfc.
O. O. F.— Display drill and
grand bail to he riven by ,S.
F. Rebckah Drill Corps No. 2. '^ss^'
FRIDAY EVENING. April 26, 1901. at 8:33
o'clock, in Odd Fcllovs* Hall, Seventh and
Market sts. ; admission ISc; cone and bring
your friends. By order of COMSIITTEE.
MEMBERS of Court California No. »*_£••
7E14. A. O. V., are notified to attend 7"r
fur-cral cf Brother WILLIAM KICH- 3f'V
ARDS on SUNDAY, " April 2L from *_i
Masonic building. By order . of Chief Ran-
eer. GEO. CORLEY. Secretary.I For Additional Classified Advertise-
ments See Fags Thirty.
THE SA1ST FKANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, APRIL '2i; 1901.
29
MISCELLANEOUS — FOR SALE.
CHAMPAGNE orange vines: fragrant blos-
soms every 4 months; fruit makes wine Jelly,
salad; grow in tubs; plant $1; money. order.
I. TRABUE. Puntacorda, Fla.
A— BUYS, sells or rents' geaf machinery, -'en-
gines, boilers, water pipes, shafting, pulleys.
etc. WHITELAW. 216 Spear st.
ALL those 4-dlamond lockets. Just out of pawn,
price $16; cost $35 each. UNCLE HARRIS,
• 15 Grant ave. ¦ "
S. C. WHITE Leghorn and Black Minorca in-
cubator chicks at 10c apiece. PETERSON,
101 Anderson st, off Cortland ave., Mission.
GOOD paying rooming-house to exchange for
lot and cottage; Mission preferred; value
about $1500. Box 3715. Call office. ¦¦
BARGAIN— Large family tent, new; best qual-
' ity, complete, at KATTENHORN'S Grocery,
2441 Buchanan st. , '
FOR sale — Fine stock of chickens, all kinds
and sizes, from 10c up. Derby Bt. west of
Magee ave., Lorin, Berkeley. ¦¦
LATEST improved drop-head Singer sewing
machine for sale. 2216 Mission st. near 19th.
6 ANGORA kittens, black or white; choicest
pedigree; reasonable. Box 3800, Call office.
FlNE suits, $10; dress pants. $2 75. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS, 437 Montgomery st.
A— $3 60 DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 76. Popu-
lar Price Hatters, S30 Kearny st. near Pine.
BASEBALL calendar, containing pictures of
Bill Lange and George Van Haltren; 30c post-
paid. S. R. CHURCH. 307 Sansome Bt., S. F.
TYPEWRITERS at any price to close them
out: different makes: call early for bargains.
TYPEWRITER EXCHANGE. 409 California.
RUNTS, white homers, fliers and squab breed-
ers; prices reasonable. 2041 Linden, Oakland.
FIRST-CLASS second-hand modern engines and
boilers bought and sold. KROGH MFG. CO.
GAS, steam, oil and ruining machinery bought
and sold. Livingston, 658 Mission st. nr..2d.
2C0 LIGHT marine set. directly connected; good
Fhape: cheap. H. S. WHITE. 616 Mission »t.
ENGINES and boilers; second-hand machinery.
J. BURKE. 139 Beale st. ._
Gasoline or distillate engines, new & 2d-hand:
all sizes; guaranteed. NEWELL. 56 Bluxome.
PHOTOGRAPHIC and magic lantern goods
bou ght, sold, exchanged. 109 Montgomery Bt.
SAFES— New and second hand. THE HER-
MAN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st.
MAGIC lanterns, new c::d 2d-hand moving pic-
tures. BULLARD & CRECK. 131 Post st
SAFES— New and seconj hand: all sizes. THE
WALT7! PA^K. KW-tit Mnrkft ft.. San Fran.
MISCELLAXEOUS WANTS.
WANTED— About fifty wooden wire cots with
mattresses pillows, blankets, etc. ; must be
in Al condition. Address box 3824. . Call.
WANTED— U6e of buggy horse for his board;
light work; best care. Horse, 376 Geary st.
WANTED — To rent, a merry-go-round: must be
in good order. For particulars call at 264
Fifth st i ¦
TILTON wants good second-rhand clothing and
theatrical goods. 154 Ninth: tel. Folsom 2522.
SIOM3V TO LOAN.
A^MONET~to loan at rates which people can
afford to pay on furniture, pianos, etc.; do
not borrow of your friends or you will loss
their friendship; do business with strangers
and you will be better satisfied; no delay; no
publicity. Rooms 9 and 10, 906 Market st. .
IF YOUR PROPERTY
IS MORTGAGED
and you need more money, see H. MURPHY.
630 Market st. Loans on estates In probate,
undivided Interests in estates, second mort-
gages. etc
ANY proposition, any amount: 6 per cent; first,
second mortgages, estates in probate. Interest
in estates, legacies: corporation loans, chattel
mortgages and securities. Room 16, 1st floor,
Chronicle building. HALLORAN & OLSEN.
ANY amount at 6%; first. 2d and Jd mort-
gages, undivided interest, real estate in pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought; no de-
lay; get my terms before doing business else-
where. R. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery, r. 3.
$500,000 AT 6 per cent in sums to suit in city;
$loO,COO on large ranches at fair rates: xecond
mortgages. R. J. MERCER & SON.412 Pine.
3% on furniture and pianos; $15 up; no removal;
no commission: private. Room 81. 6 Eddy st.
HIGHLY respectable, private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds, jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store, 846 Market
Bt; tel. Main 1644. Branch 19 Third at
LOWEST rates on furniture, etc.. by private
party; no removal: no commission; confiden-
tial. Room 3. Conservatory bldg., 301 Jones.
ON furniture, pianos; no removal; money
quick; lowest interest: easy terms; no broker-
• age; reliable party. 1170 Market St., room 6S.
MOST reliable place to borrow on diamonds,
watches Jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL, 10 Sixth;
highest price for old gold, silver, diamonds.
CASH loaned on salaries; New York plan. THE
TOUSLEY CO.. 321 Parrott building.
LOANS, 3»t or 2d mtgs; city, country. 6%. undi-
vided ints. ; estates. HARPER, 397 Parrott big.
MONEY loaned salaried people without security.
HILL. rm. 44. Merchants' Ex.. 431 California.
LOANS on salaries without Indorser or Brev-
ity: Kastern plan. Pearson. 309 Phelan bid*.
$100,000 TO loan on real estate or for building;
low rate. 222 Sansome st. room 2.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note without
indoreer. MORRELL. 609 Examiner building.
MONEY to loan by private party; any amount.
Box 2882. Call office.
TO salaried people without collateral or !n-
dorser. S. F. Discount Agency. 143 Phelan big.
~ ~ MOSEY WANTED.
WANTED— $29,000 for 3 years; real estate se-
curity; good interest. Address box 3887, Call.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
AT BYRON MAUZY'S, 308 Post st.
Chlckerirg $40
Hallett & Davis 60
Dunham 75
Symphony 100
Gilbert & Co 125
Eteinway 150
Illcca 150
Gabler 275
Eteck Baby Grand (like ttew> 450
Bohmer Baby Grand (like new) 750
These pianos are all In excellent condition
and thoroughly warranted, and can be ex-
changed In three years for a new SOHMER
or BYRON MAUZY Piano.
Pianos rented — Squares, $1 50; uprights, $3
up, and rent allowed on purchase.
ANY person having use for a piano can be ac-
commodated at Sherman, Clay & Co.'s with
easiest payments, lowest prices and most re-
liable makers to choose from. Each the best
cf their grade, from Steinway down. . Privilege
given to exchange medium and low priced
pianos for a new Rtelnway any time within
three yearn from date of purchase. Beautiful
new uprights sold for $6 cash and $6 per
month. We offer to sell some good pianos at
$3, $4 and $5 per month. SHERMAN. CLAY
& CO., Steinway dealers, corner Kearny and
Butter sts.. San Francisco; corner Broadway
and Thirteenth et, Oakland.
ABSOLUTELY lowest prices and easiest terms.
1 Novella upright..$55 1 Hallet & Davls.$465
1 Emerson upright$57 1 Schiller upright.$265
' 1 Vose $85 1 Gabler $133
2 Heines $315 up 2 Chickerlngs, like
1 Heine baby grand new $200
mahogany like 1 Steinway uprght.$185
new $325 1 Hard man $S3
And fifty others; rented and rent allowed;
rents $3 un; we handle all makes; agents for
some of the oldest and most famous pianos
in existence; agents wanted. HEINE PIANO
CO.. 217 Geary st. .. . .
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago is KOHLER & CHASE'S, 26.
28 and 30 O'Farrell st; pianos, organs and
ell other musical instruments of all grades
and prices: terms easy; prices lowest: every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy the
customer.
SEE the new Hazelton— none better— may cost
more; we are making specially low prices;
we have many other fine instruments; a few
extra bargains in good second-hand uprights:
terms to suit nurchapor*. THE J. DEWING
COMPANY, Flood building.
A CHANCE to buy a good thing for less than
it Is worth is always desirable. We have lots
of such chances just now for any one wanting
a good piano cheap. MAUVAIS MUSIC CO.,
769 Market st. ¦¦.¦::¦ -
5 PIANO snaps— $60. $75, $S0. $125. $130; easy
payments: also Apollo slightly used, a bar-
gain. BENJ. CURTAZ & SON. 16 O'Farrell
st. Chickerlng agency.
SMALL Chickerlng upright $125; 6 uprights,
second hand, your choice at $180. 217 Geary.
$45 UPRIGHT. $123 Knabe, $135 Steinway &
Sons, at FAY'S piano factory, 1729 Mission.
ELEGANT S-pedal upright piano; used 6 mos.;
must be sacrificed in 5 days. 618 Eddy st
AT WILSON'S Storage, 1706 Market st. you
can ret storage pianos almost for a song. ¦
$3 PER month rents a beautiful. piano. SCOTT-
CURTAZ PIANO CO.. 560 Hayes st -
SPECIAL sale of pianos this week; Steinway,
Knabe and others. BRUENN. 208 Post st
BIGGEST bargain In Fisher upright piano;
nearly new; must be sold. S01 Jones st
HIGH-GRADE pianos; Steck. Hartman, Con-
over and others. .Wiley B. Allen Co.. 314 Post
BARGAIN— Must be sold; nice upright piano.
SCHMITZ. 18 McAllister, next Hlbernla Bank.
A NEARLY new grand upright cheap: brilliant,
powerful tones. HORNUNG, 216 McAllister.
HOUSES TO LET— FURNISHED.
TO let— Elegantly furnished house, 2409 Jack-
eon st. Xt rooms and 2 baths, $178; or unfur-
nished $125. Apply A. J. RICH & CO., 112
Montgomery Bt.
DESIRABLE sunny corner flat 3 rooms and
j bath; Oakland; $18. Apply at 14 Grant ave.,
, room 2.
HOUSE of S large sunny rooms, nicely fur-
nished; piano, garden, laundry; May L for
3 or 6 months; rent reasonable. 2838 MUslon.
FURNISHED bouse 8 rooms, piano; 2464 Mis-
elon gt; rent $40; apply for 3 days.
FURNISHED house In Mission; 2 or 3 months;
very cheap. Address box 3746. Call office.
COUNTRY HOUSES TO LET.
TO let In Santa Barbara— Furnished house;
house and furniture new; fine location; two
blocks from Arlington Hotel and one block
from trolley line; ten minutes' rida from
beach ; house contains four bedrooms, serv-
ant's room, etc.; gas and electric lights; the
moFt complete and best furnished house in
Santa Barbara. For particulars address
FRANK M. WHITNEY. Santa Barbara. Cal.
CORTE Madera furnished cottage, 4 rooms;
fine view; 3 to 6 months. W. E. JACKSON.
612 Montgomery et.
COUNTRY Fl'R.MSHFn HOUSES.
TO RENT— Furnished cottage of 4 rooms;
rent $25. Apply A. BOUICK. San Anselmo.
BULL VALLEY HOUSES TO LET.
MILL VALLEY — For rent for May, June and
August, camping cottage 3 rooms, furnished.
Apply 518 Jersey st.. 8an Francisco.
IN STAATAX BOPS WATER HEATER.
YOU light your flame, and by the time you are
disrobed hot bath is ready, at a cost of 2 J ,£c;
call and see It in operation: send for illus-
trated pamphlet. RIBBON WATER HEAT-
ING CO.. Examiner building, room 607.
LOST A\U FOUND.
$50 REWARD; lost, April 15, large diamond out
of ring setting. Finder will receive above
amount by returning it to owner at 139 Bu«na
Vleta ave.. cor. Thirteenth et., San Francisco.
LOST— Gold watch with diamond setting; chain
of black rubies with silver heart on each.
Return to 515 Van Ness ave. and receive re-
ward.
LOST— Yesterday, white and yellow epaniel;
tall cut; collar bearing name "Arneau." Re-
turn to 123 California St.. room 200; reward.
LOST— Purse containing $15 In gold and some
silver and key, corner Howard and Fourth.
20>4 Rauscb st
LOST— A lady's gold watch and chain; letters
"S. B.",' engraved on case. A liberal reward
will be paid for return of same to L. T.
QUEEN. 429 Buchanan et.
BOAT lost, in Petaluma Creek, after 10 o'clock
Saturday night; painted dark outside, light
inside, with anchor in the boat. Finder
please notify Oolden Eagle Mills, or FA1R-
BANKS. Petaluma. CaL
LOST— Certificates of deposit on the Pacific
Bank and People's Savings Bank and mining
stocks. Reward $3 on delivery at 862 Bryant
Wanted — Old gold for manufacturing. O. Nolte.
Jeweler. 248 O'Farrell. bet. Powell and Mason.
MATRIMONIAL.
GENTLEMEN wishing- to marry wealthy ladies
send 10c for list. MRS. HERTZ. 706 Kills St.
A1ATTRESSES AND UPHOLSTERY.
IIATTRESSES and upholstery; tel. South 792;
to order or renovated, feather and hair
cleared; expert carpet cleaning: strictly rell-
able. HOPKE BROS.. 318-320 Eleventh Bt.
MBUIOAL.
A— RENOWNED specialist; those who desire to
obtain results promptly; I treat ladles only;
my regulator has no equal; all classes of fe-
male complaints relieved by treatment su-
perior to all others; the only treatment that
helps the unfortunate; the most obstinate
cases are Immediately relieved without pain;
no other treatment will do this; the most dif-
ficult cases treated: scientific methods guar-
anteed. DR. G. W. O'DONNELL. 1018 Alarkt
DR. AND MRS. DA VIES. 1228 Market, ladles'
specialists; 32 years' practice; all cases treat-
ed by our wonderful herb remedy; a reliable
treatment, superior to any other; positive cure
guaranteed at office; patients treated can re-
turn same day; those wishing to treat them-
selves should send for the Hindoo Herb Home
Treatment; harmless; consultation free.
A TREATMENT that Is guaranteed to give
instant relief for all female complaints at of-
fice; travelers helped at once; home in con-
finement; consult free. MR6. DR KOHL,
1122 Market st. next to Owl Drug Store.
DR. and MRS. GOODWIN. 1035 Market st., nr.
«th — Expert specialists; well known and reli-
able; 25 yrs. experience; treatment guaranteed
to give Instant relief from all female troubles;
avoid Incompetent specialists; consult free.
MRS. DR. WYETH. reliable specialist; 25 yrs.'
successful practice; guaranteed treatment at
office; any ailment; .home before and during
confinement 942 Post bet Hyde and Larkln.
MRS DR. ALLEN. 1118 Market— Reliable la-
dles' specialist; best medical care; low fees.
ALL cases of female complaints cured; expert
for 37 years. Dr. V. Popper. 323 Kearny st.
~ ~ MINES AND MINING.
MONTEZUMA COPPER AND COAL.
MONTEZUMA COPPER AND COAL.
MONTEZUMA COPPER AND COAL.
The following letter from a shareholder ex-
plains itself:
SACRAMENTO. Cal.. April 17, 1901.
The American Guaranty and Trust Co. —
Gentlemen: I have only recently returned
from a trip to Seattle and Tacoma. taken with
the specific purpose of investigating the man-
agement and properties of the Montezuma Min-
ing Company. I must say your description does
not do Justice to the valuable copper and coal
properties you are developing. Your 1800 acres
of coal lands could not be improved upon for
maximum of results with minimum of expense,
since a great canyon divides the property, cut-
ting many veins of clear coal varying from 3
ft 6 Inches to 9 ft 2 inches. (An 11 foot vein
has been opened since the writer's visit.) There
is unlimited supply of wood and water. The
copper mines are being developed Into valuable
properties— the ore ranging from $40 to $300 a
ton.
The personnel of the directory I found second
to none, and as a result of my investigations I
unreservedly recommend "Montezuma" as a
safe investment Respectfully yours,
A. M. AUBERTUS,
810 Seventh street
EXCURSION TO THE MINES.
Other shareholders and prospective sharehold-
ers as well are invited to visit the mines. We
will pay your way on our special train leaving
San Francisco June 15th. Ask for excursion
folder.
REPORT OF PROGRESS.
SEATTLE, Waeh., April 5, 1901.
Mr. J. S. C. Thompson, General Manager,
The American Guaranty and Trust Co.
My Dear Mr. Thompson: We had a Board
meeting yesterday and went into matters quite
thoroughly. We found everything in excellent
ehape. Col. Thompson (President of the Monte-
zuma) somehow always does a little better
than he promises, and his report at this meet-
ing was no exception. We have authorized an
air comDressor at th» Tacoma mine, the pur-
chase of 160 acres of coal land adjoining our
lease, and the improvement of the Mowich trail
by which we save miles of distance. The com-
pany's books were examined, and we have
every reason to believe the affairs of the com-
pany are carried on with real economy and in
a thoroughly practical way. We were pleased
to find by examination of the bank book that
the company had a handsome credit balance
April 1, with not one cent of indebtedness.
The "Tacoma" mine is just now the center
of Interest here. The great vein of highly
mineralized stone has widened out from 6 ft. to
9 ft., as reported to you a day or two ago. but
better than all. the quality of the ore has im-
proved immensely. While the amount of cop-
per Is uniformly maintained, the gold content
of the stone is greatly improving, showing half
an ounce to an ounce of gold to a ton. The
silver values are fully maintained. It is need-
less to say we are all extremely enthusiastic
over the great "Tacoma" mine. We believe it
Is the best show on the Pacific Coast.
We have nothing new from the coal properties
since the uncovering of the 11 ft vein a few
days ago. Our men are getting out coal every
day, but this work cannot be pushed until the
flume has been completed; then the flume Is
contingent upon the construction of the saw-
mill, upon which efforts are now being directed.
As eoon as the flume is done we shall be heard
of in the right way at the coal mines. Yours
faithfully, . E. M. SHELTON.
Director Shelton will be at our office Mon-
day and perhaps for several days during the
week. Shareholders and others are invited to
call and meet him.
PRICES OF "MONTEZUMA."
Stock, par value $L is offered until May 1 at
10c cash or 12c on easy monthly installments.
We will supply prospectus and other printed
matter on request
THE AMERICAN GUARANTY & TRUST
CO., Financial Agents, 310 Safe Deposit bldg.,
San Francisco. Cal. Telephone Main 5803.
HALF interest In a 20-acre bench claim on
Glacier Creek, left limit, Nome District
Box 3S92. Call office.
MISCELLANEOUS — FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines. ?d-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN, 195-1S7 Fremont st.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, counters,
linoleum, new and second hand; we always
have a large stock of saloon outfits on band;
22 complete outfits on one floor. 'ready made;
we can ship everything: in 24 hours.- J.
N'OONAN, 1017. 1019. 1021. 1023 Mission st,
above Sixth; write for catalogue. , - . .
SELLING out my entire stock of trumpeters
and swallows: going East the . cause; will
Bell them cheap. F. PRINZ, • 13 Harrison
ave off Folsom St., between 7th and 8th. -
REAL ESTATE— CITT — FOR SALE.
O. H. UMBSEN & CO., 14 Montgomery st
$27,500— Near Fourth and Howard sts.; good
Improvements; renting for $207 per
month; mortgage of $31,000 in Hlbernla
.Bank; 60 feet front; runs through and
fronting on rear street; must be sold.
$7,000— Two nice sunny flats on Devisadero
St., near California: 6 and 7 rooms and
• bath; brick foundation, stone sidewalks
and all in good condition; rentinic tor
$55 per month; 27x110.
$4,7E0— Two nice bay-window flats facing on
Duboce Park, containing 6 and 8 rooms
and bath: brick foundation: renting for
$43 60 per month; a splendid chance for
z a sure investment
$8,500— Two nice bay-window flats on Devisa-
dero st, near Haight, containing 5 and
7 'Tooms and bath: street bltumlnlied:
half block from Haight-st cable cars;
25x100.
$10,000— Lot and improvements on Market st.
close to Sanchez; house has been con-
verted into two flats; mortgage of $4000
at 6 per cent: can remain if desired;
one-half of lot vacant; aOxllo.
$3, J.00 — Two-storv bay-window house of 7 rooms
. and bath, on Geary st, opposite Ham-
ilton Square; street work done; cable
cars passing property.
$2.800— Nice small investment, near Nineteenth
and San Carlos aves. ; store and 4 rooms
and flat of 5 rooms above: rent* $3000
per annum; lower part occupied as gro-
cery; steadily rented; 25x80.
tl, 000— Rents $S0 per month; near Third and
Silver sts.; improvements in tenements
4, 5. 8 rooms: 40x75.
$S,OCO — Business property on -Pacific st. close
to Montgomery; improvements renting
low at $600 per annum; mortgage of
,$6000 can remain If desired; lot 45 fe«t
front. „
$18,000— Nice corner on Valencia street: well
: Improved: renting to permanent ten-
ants for $128 per month; in good order;
65x117:6 to small street in rear.
$6,000-Rents $56 per month; 3 cosy houses of
6 rooms and bath each and good base-
ments; near Valencia and Nineteenth
sts. ; street bitumlnized and in good
order; lot 50 feet front
$1,400— Cottage of 4 rooms and bath, near
Twenty-ninth and Sanchea sts.; bay-
windows; brick foundation; mortgage of
$9750 can remain if desired; 25 feet
front.
$2,750 — Potrero ave.: 2 good flats of 5-8 rooms
¦ and bath each; brick foundation; 25x
100; rents $24 per month.
$4,300- Cozy cottage on Sutter st, near De-
visadero st.; 6 rooms, bath, brick foun-
dation, etc. ; rents $25.
$8,500— Turk St.; 2-story residence of 8 rooms;
mortgage of $4600 can remain; 25x137:6.
$8,000— Large corner residence on Bartlett st:
' 12 rooms and bath; rent $40; 55 feet
front. G. H. UMBSEN & CO..
14 Montsomery st.
McAFEE BROTHERST
108 Montgomery st.
FOLSOM-STREET PROPERTY.
50 feet frontage on the north side of Folsom
St.. between 7th and 8th; old improvements,
bringing a nominal rent; should be improved;
price $11,000. > -
RENTS $66; PRICE $6250.
House and flats on Vallejo st, in good condi-
tion; always rented; lot 43x137:6: north side of
street; sunny and commands marine view.
NEW FLATS.
Two new flats In good location: 6 and 8
rooms; all the latest - modern Improvements;
rents $30 monthly; price $4R0O.
FINE HOME.
In Pacific Heights on Vallejo St., with fine
marine view; splendid house of 9 rooms, nearly
new; price $13,000.
HOWARD STREET.
Between 18th and 19th, house of 9 rooms and
bath; lot 60x122:6; house stands on 25 feet: bal-
ance of lot could be improved: price $9000.
INCOME PROPERTY.
Rents $2130 yearly; price only $19,000; this
side of Leavenworth st.
MISSION HOME.
On 20th st., near Mission, 9 rooms and bath:
price $4100.
TO CLOSE AN ESTATE.
Business property in growing district; old
buildings; rents $75 monthly; should have, mod-
ern building : price $18,000.
SOUTH OF MARKET STREET.
Four flats near 8th st., overlooking; ba»eball
grounds; rent $40; price $37."0; owner anxious
to sell.
CAPP STREET.
Six-room cottage and bath; In warm belt;
price $3100.
P VERY CHEAP.
Five-room cottage, new, on Jersey st, near
Noe; price only $2000; on easy terms.
FINE CORNER.
In Pacific Heights; marine and city view;
must be sold at once; size 45x100; price $12,000;
offer wanted.
CHEAP LOTS.
9 lots in the Mission: 25th st: $650 upward;
very. easy terms; will sell as a whole cheap;
a good chance for builder.
Lots— Lots— Lots— Lots— Lots— Lota.
Pacific Heights.
Presidio Heights.
Mission.
McAFEE BROTHERS,
108 Montgomery st.- Ban Francisco.
MADISON & BURKE,
Established' January, 1858.
, Real Estate Agents.
Full charge taken of property.
626 Market st, opposite Palace Hotel.
Double house on Bush st. near Grant ave.;
brick; rents $50; lot 38x63; $12,000.
jSOoo—Rents $27 60 per month; new flats;
Clara st, near Fourth; 25x75; must sell; owner
leaving city. •
$2500— Offer wanted; brick improvements and
lot; Clementina st, near First; lot 25x75; $1000
mortgage can remain.
Cheap; O'Farrell st, near Devisadero; con-
tains 6 rooms and bath and stable; rents $25;
only $2900.
$5500 — Broadway, near Octavia st. ; 7 rooms
and bath; a nice home in choice section; lot
26x131. , r , ¦ „
14500— Twentieth st, near Valencia; 8 rooms
and bath and stable; lot 28x114.
$15,000— Beautiful modern house in the best
part of the marine view section of the city.
$2500— Twenty-fifth St., near Sanchex; 6 rooms
and bath.-
$5000— Post St., near Baker; lot and improve-
ments; rent $33; lot 25x137:6; must be sold to
close estate.
$6500— Pine St., near Scott; 2 flats; rents
$57 60; lot 25x137:6.
Laundry building with 2 flowing wells of Al
water, tanks, barn and lot 168x120. on north
line of Lombard st.. between Fillmore and
Steiner; also lot 152x120 on Chestnut st. in
rear; rents $73 per month; must be sold on
account of non-residence.
$10,600— Fine vacant property; lot 37:6x90,
with two corners; Taylor and Greenwich sts.;
Just the place for a grocery.
$3600— Cheap; Sixth at. near Brannan; 2 flats;
there is good future for this property.
$7000— Harriet st, near Howard: lot 50x75,
holding frontage to Sixth st: rent $56.
$1950— Florida st.. near Twenty-fifth; cottage
S rooms and bath; lot 20x100.
MADISON & BURKE, 626 Market st
CHEAPEST building sites In Richmond: grad-
ed; street work done: brick sewers. On Sixth
ave., near Point Lobos, lots 25x120, $635: on
Seventh ave., lots 25x120, $635; these lots were
appraised at $900 in the Probate Court: 3 lota
left on Point Lobos. north or sunny side,
-near Eighth ave., 25x100, $1000 each; for theso
eame lots $25iJ0 each was offered a few yeara
ago One lot. 25x100, $635, on north or sunny
side of A st, near Seventh ave.; a number
of first-class two-story residences to go up
at once on the adjoining lots. Any one of
these Iot3 is a fine buy, as they are well
located, easy of access by 3 lines of cars and
not far out. I can arrange for mortgages
for about 60 per cent of the purchase price.
I consider these lots the cheapest in San
l'rnnclsco and I recommend them to builders
nr.d contractors especially. W. J. GUNN,
S3U California st.- '
F. B. SURRYHNE.
Real Estate Agent,
138 Montgomery Street.
«9000_Beautlful residence. 10 rooms and bath:
best part of the Mission; lot 65x117:6; beautiful
grounds: will take .part cash and balance In de-
sirable piece of city property.
$6250— Beautiful cottage, 8 rooms andjbath;
Haight St.. nr. Broderick.
«0O0— Two modern flats, 8 and 7 rooms and
bath: rents $62 50 per month: McAllister st
j70oo_Three flats nr. Haight and Webster sts. ;
rents $60 per month; lot 25x100 ft
$15,000— Four beautiful flats renting- for $120
per month; close to the Park.
$6000— Two modern flats in the vicinity of the
Chutes; rents $52 50.
$3500— Big bargain: cottage 5 rooms and bath;
lot 25x106 ; close to the Panhandle of the Park.
2 ACRES on Point Lobos ave.; good house;
shade trees; windmill, tank, etc.
¦ $4500— A fine buy;- corner: two stores and
flat; rents $45 per mo.; building almost new.
$4000— Modern house, 6 rooms; one-fifth cash;
one block east of Stanyan st.
$8750 only for 2 new flats: close to Golden
Gate -Park;, rents $85 per month; street ac-
cepted. •• '
$3750— Store and flats: Steiner st., near Turk.
$15,000^-Cor. lot and 4 fiats of 6 and 7 rooms;
rents $120 per mo.; near Page and Stanyan.
$16,000— An elegant cor. residence on Broad-
way: good marine view; 12 rooms, 2 baths.
$3750— Fine cor.; Noe and 21st st; lot 114x105.
JEROME ENGLISH. 11 Montgomery t.s
WAKE UP AND STUDY YOUR INTEREST.
$2490 — New 6-room house on Hoffman ave.,
near 23d st. Heyman Tract; now building ter-
minus of 24th st. electric car; easy terms; rent
money will pay for it and in 10 years you will
have saved $2494 Instead of giving It to the
landlord. JACOB HEYMAN. 117 Sutter Bt
$60— ALL that is asked for lot 25x100 in city
land; lay this nest egg away.
$700— Fine little cottage with 2 lots at Ocean
? View. - v
$100 cash, balance like rent; new cottage in
. warm belt of Mission: 6 rooms, bath, etc.-
$500— Cheap lot on Lake at.; cost over $750,
but must be sold at once.
$1200 and will arrange for easy terms; cot-
' tage and lot, 25x120, on 23d ave., near Clem-
* ent st
$350 each— Good lots on Prospect ave.; street
sewered and macadamized.
: . McEWEN BROS., 113 Montgomery st
$2100 — FULTON st; sunny side; between Lyon
and Central; 25x137:6; fine location for bom-
or' flats; must be sold. Call atlOHVi Mc-
Allister st ; apply forenoons.
BARGAIN — Fine Income property in Mission -
stores and flats; price J&500: only $3000 cash:
rents pay balance on installment RODGER
MAGEE, 207 v Montgomery st
MODERN 8-room homes on Clipper st. bet
: Church and • Sanchez, i H. FEIGI, Builder;
' easy terms.
REAL ESTATE— CITT— gOB. IAMB.
BALDWIN * HOWELL,
10 Montgomery street. ' . ¦
BARGAINS.
$4500.
Rents $45 per month; corntr oo Seventh St.:
well Improved; this Is a bargain. ',;•;; -
$3500.
Rents $34 per month; Harriet »t; 4 flats «t
S rooms each; lot 15x75. -
$4400.
Leavenworth st. near Clay; tons* • rooms,
bath, basement, furnace, etc.
(MM
Near Pine and Powell ata,: hoose of • rooms
and bath; lot has doubl* frontaca; suitable
for flats; splendid location.
>. $7200.
Jackson and Jones sts.; lot 2Sxll2:«; two
flats. S and « rooms and bath each; rents $S0»
a year. - r v -
$4000.
• Rents $38 per month; 4 separate flats on
Treat ave.; always rented; see these at once.
$3250.
New corner house on Twenty-third St.. No.
3S79, near Sanchez; lance lot, 37:9x65; owur
must sell; see It to-day.
I $1750.
Church A.; J-story butldln*: stow and flat
of 5 rooms;, lot SSxSO: rents $25 per month.
$3000.
Clementina «t.. near First; lot 25x75: brick
building, containing 10 rooms; rents $Z7. •
$4000.
Treat ave., near Twenty-fifth st; lot tSx
113:6 to rear street; cottage of S rooms, bath
and basement
$4500.
O'Farrell and Buchanan sts.; cottage et 4
rooms; lot 25x125; fronting on two streets.
$3000.
Rents $27 per month: two flats of 4 and S
rooms and bath; Nineteenth st. near Sanchex.
$8000.
Make an offer; must be sold; two good flats
on Oak, near Buchanan.
$2250. ¦-•-¦•
Cllpper-st cottage, 6 rooms, bath and base-
' ment; lot 25x114.
$2500.
Eighteenth st, near Castro; driveway be-
low, stable in rear and flat above; suitable for
expressman.
$3500.
Bryant ave., near Twenty-sixth at.; new
2-story house, 6 rooms and bath.
$200 CASH ONLY
For a nice 4-room and basement cottage; $350
can be paid in $12 monthly installments; lady
forced to sell; place worth $1600; location No.
159 Corbett road, near Eighteenth-st. electrio
cars.
$38001
Rents $31; John St., near Powell and Jack-
son; 2 flats.
$2700.
Rents $23; 3 flats, Natoma st. near Four-
teenth.
$3000.
norland it; lot $0x115; bouse f rooms and
bath.
$5300.
Shotwell st, near Twentieth: 43x122:6; housa
9 rooms and bath.
$8200.
worth $15,000; NW. corner Jones and Lom-
bard sts.; 73:6x68:9; house cost $13,000 to build;
bargain.
BALDWIN A HOW ELL.
10 Montgomery street.
sELEnia*jri3BT?*£r
r""..\*r."".*."r.Se«*Them To-Day -
Building lots on H st. and Nineteenth ave.
boulevard, fronting Golden Gate Park.
Prices moderate r.... .Terms easy
Lots level Streets macadamized
Official grade Plank sidewalks
Welsbaeh gas lamps. .Water and mall service
On car line...*. On park entrance
Better Class of New Homes
Branch Office at the Corner
of H et and Ninth' ave.. south of Golden
Gate Park; open every day. Sundays and
holidays; don't delay, but interest ycurselC
In a home lot at once. Small first payments,
balance $10 per month. Interest • per cent
on deferred payments.
BALDWIN & HOWELL,
10 Montgomery street.
FOR 8ALD BT
BURNHAM & MARSH CO.
BEST BUT ON MARKET STREET.
Market st, between Third and Fourth,
through to Stevenson st; full particulars at
office.
GILT-EDGED BUSINESS CORNER.
$25,600. Rent $183.
Fourth st, close to Market; by Investing
$15,000 cash will pay 10 per cent net.
HYDE-STREET CORNER— VERT CHEAP.
$11,500. Rent $80.
Present rent lot only hali improved: larg»
corner, 43x137:8.
GOLDEN GATE AVE.. NEAR VA3T NESS.
$18.50e— Grand business corner; 3 stores and 4
flats; large cellar; corner lot 4Sx87:(; bulldlns
alone cost the money; rent $135; can be In-
creased.
ELLIS-STREET CORNER.
$12,500. Rent $100 a month.
EUls-st business corner, with S frontages; al-
ways rented.
CALIFORNIA-STREET FLATS.
$5500. Rent $44 50.
Three elegant fiats; choice location on Cali-
fornia St.; never vacant
WESTERN ADDITION FLATS.
$6250. Rent $S0.
Choicest location on Washington St.; tunny
side of street; always rented.
FINEST LOT IN THE CITT FOR FLATS.
$5000— North side of Sacramento et, near
Devisadero; key lot 278x153. with 82-foot L; Im-
possible to obstruct the sun; this Is a snap.
HERE'S A SNAP.
$300 cash, balance in Hlbernla Bank at 6 per
cent for 2-ttory building formerly rented at $23
a month and lot 25x114 on Eighteenth st, near
Sanchez. BURNHAM A MARSH CO..
20 Montgomery st
JOHN PFORR, 403 Pine st. near Montgomery.
$3000— Rent $30 per month; 2 houses on Tehama
st, near Fourth.
$11,000— Rent $1488 per annum; a corner prop-
erty in the business part of the city.
$2250 each— Rents $23 per month: two 2-story
double flats, near Bryant and Sixth sts.; a
"$5000— A fine double flat opposite Golden Gate
Park and Stanyan st: rent $45 per month.
$S00O— Rents $744 per annum; 4 flats of 6 and
6 rooms and bath at the entrance to Panhandls
° $22 500— Rent $1380 per annum: on McAllister
st near Laguna; 65x120 to rear street
$2400— Rent $180; Eighteenth st, near Dolores.
$23,500— Rent $1620 per annum; on Polk st; a
1i20^0tV-Rent $1680 per annum; on O'Farrell
«t.. near Hyde; a pickup.
$4800— Make offer; rent $385 per annum: 2 fine
flats oh Folsom st. nr. Fourth: always rented.
$10 Coo— Five cottages and lot 100 feet front by
82-6 feet depth; on Eddy st, near Scott
$3750— Rent $535 per annum; a fine J-story
house, store and 2 flats upstairs; on Geary st.»
near Fillmore.
$4000— Credit sale of a Park Panhandle prop-
erty on Oak st, near Central ave.; fine cottage,
of 6 rooms an* bath; lot 25x110.
SUNNTSIDE.
$1500— House of 7 rooms; newly painted through-
out; 7 rooms and bath: this la a bargain.
We will loan yon the money to bay It
$1350— New modern &-room cottage; grand view;
worth $2000; must be sold: your own
terms.
$1250— Desirable 8-room house; this property
¦will be sold for mortgage; payments, $SSO
cash, $14 per month, same as rent
$800— Five-room cottage: splendidly located;
near car line; In good condition: will be-
sold to the right parties for $100 cash,
balance $9 80 a month. Here's a chant a
to own your own home.
A. E. RCDELL, 222 Sansome st.
Room 2, first flooe
INGLESIDE.
$6CC0— Beautiful 8-room modern residence; eon>
tervatory, stable and other buildings:
lawn, flowers and shrubbery; lot 100x112:5;
small payment down, balance In Install-
ments. . - - :
HAWKS & SKELTON!
Rents collected and entire chare* taken o£
property.
$15,000— Octavia st, near California; hand-
some residence, 11 rooms; billiard room and
large basement; large lot; sunny all day; sold
to close estate.
$9000— Scctt near Washington; facing pretty
park; choice neighborhood; fine home; 8 rooms.
Old Pioneer Hall, on Montgomery st, corner
Gold, near Jackson; can be repaired for a few
thousand; will pay well; good plac» for can-
nery.
$2000 to $4000— Cottages, 5 to 7 rooms and
bath; we have a long list of these for sale at
bargain prices on very easy terms.
$2500— Cottage. 6 rooms; Tennessee st. near
Union Iron Works; rents steadily $20; a bar-
gain.
$3000— Lot on south side Chestnut st, west o£
Hyde: 27:8x110; fine view of bay.
HAWKS & SKELTON. 323 Montgomery st.
BARGAINS ON EASY TERMS. ~*
Two well-built & and < room flats on Guer-
rero st, near Fifteenth.
Fine five-room cottage on Tremont aye., only
two blocks from Park.
Five-room cottage on Hoffman ave., near
Twenty-third st.
Cottage of S rooms and bath on San Bruno
ave.. near Twenty-fourth st; electric can.
OSCAR HEYMAN. 14 Post st.
HAVE you a vacant lot to sell? I want to
build a home; state price and location of
lot Cash, box 2880. Call office.
SEE that new cottage on Folsom and Stone-
man sts.; for sale cheap.
HELP WAJrTED--JgALE--Con,
A— SPECIAL
Wanted To-day. Sunday
£0 tunnelmen $2 to $2 53
bee boss here Free fare
C. R. HAXSEX & CO 104 Geary Bt
X— SPECIAL '.
Wanted To-day, Sunday
60 laborers, railroad work .*.... $175
Bhlp to-night Free fare
C. R. HAXSEX & CO 104 Geary st
AT C. R. HANSKN & CO.'S.. Phone Grant 181
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Head cook, country restaurant $85 and fare
advanced; fry cook, $C5; second cook, $65;
second cook, country hotel, $50; 2
bakers and pastry cooks, springs, $S0 and
fare advanced; cook, email summer resort
$40, sea party here; third cook, springs, $30;
kitchen steward, hotel; 10 waiters, city and
country, $30 to $40; 20 dishwashers, potwash-
crs and kitchen hands, $25 to $30; 4 porters
and housemen, $20 and $25; 4 bellboys, $10
and $12; colored waiter, country club, $35
C. R. HAXSEN & CO 104 Geary Bt.
AT CAL. EMP. AGENCY. 69 Third; phone
Red 21— 5 men for mill and woods, free fare;
E experienced redwood tlemakers. fare paid.
................We pay your fare
2 milkers. Xg to 20 cows. $30 per month; 5
carpenters, country, $3 per day; 2 waiters,
Ji'5 cer month and room; 1 barber, country.
$15 Der week; edcorman, country. $3 60 per
day; 4 men 10 cut wood, pine, 4 ft. $1 25 per
oord; 2 farm har.ar, K&stern men preferred,
$26 and found.
A— HOTEL GAZETTE. 26 Montgomery, rm. 12.
Head waiter, $45, country hotel; second cooks,
$45 and $50; waiters, $25.
¦WANTED — Three first-class bench hands. W.
T. VEITCH & BKO., 1164 Webster St., Oak-
land, Cal.
"WANTED— Energetic liquor salesman for the
city; $1000 rurety bond; must have trade;
state calary expected. Address box 3S21. Call.
WANTED— Ship cari>enter to rent shop with
tools and eteam power complete; rent very
reasonable. MRS. HAXSOX. Second and
King sts.
WANTED— At 2S1S Greenwich St., discharged
eoldlcrs to do clerical work. Call next Tues-
day.
WANTED— Dishwasher. Apply at the cafe,
341 Bush et.
"WANTED — Painter and paperhanger. Call
Sunday early. 2981 Twenty-fifth Bt.
COOK wanted. 6mall restaurant, at 610 Stan-
yan Bt., opposite Golden Gate Park.
OPERATORS w«nt»d on custom coats; high
w&eres paid. 245 Fifth st.
GOOD man with references and about $300 to
take hold of a morning paper route which
earns about |18 per vmk. Box S818, Call.
GOOD errand boy. E. MESSAGLE, 145 Post
Ftreet.
CARRIAGE painter wanted. 221 Eighth 8t,
Oakland; call to-day. Sunday.
CARRIAGE painter wanted. Railroad and
Fifth avee.. South San Francisco.
BOY to attend store and collect. State age
and wages expected to box SSS4, Call office.
TOT7NG waiter wanted. 210 Townsend st.
BARBER chop In Western Addition; low rent;
good location. See STOLTZ, 723 Market st.
"WANTED — Good bushelman. Apply Metropoli-
tan Tailoring Co., S47 Market et.
60I..DERERS and boys wanted. American Can
Co.. C18 Battery Bt.
WANTED — Man and wife or somebody to oc-
cupy 4-room house in sandhills; no rent:
plenty or ground; good for chicken ranch.
Address S22 Potrero ave.
MECHANICS, engineers, electricians, etc.; free
scholarship in engineering awarded to few
m-ell recommended applicants. American
School of Correspondence. Boston, Mass.
GENTLEMAN of Indomitable energy and push;
good opportunity to right man. F. PERSON,
room 412, Parrott building.
MAN, upright character, to manage business of
established house; 518 week and expenses,
payable wkly from headquarters; expense
money advanced; permament; references.
Standard House. 324 Caxton bldg.. Chicago.
TRAVELING salesman to wholesale and retail
trade only; salary $1200 and expenses. Na-
tlonal. 202 Caiton bldg.. Chicago.
TANTDJ — First-class chaper and band s»w-
ver; 1 6tlcker hand. Pacific Coast Lumber &
Mill Co., Second and Grove sts., Oakland.
BOY for helper in Iron shop; must have some
experience. Apply 814 Kearny st
ALL eizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. CC2 Mission st.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
WANTED— Recruits for the marine corps, U.
S. navy; able-bodied unmarried men of good
character, between the ages of 21 and 35;
not less than 6 feet 4 Inches and not over 8
feet 1 inch; able to read and speak English.
For further information apply at the Recrult-
Inr Office. 40 Ellis et.. San Francisco.
MEN" — Our catalogue explains how we teach
the t^ade in two months, saving two years;
mailed free. We have no 5c shop in connec-
tion with our college: chairs and furniture
ere all made to o«r own order, with a view
to cleanliness and convenience.
HOLER'S BARBER COLLEGE. 635 Clay Et
Beware of any cheap imitations.
WANTED— Miflcle-aged single man to assist In
grocery and 6aloon; also to take care of horse
end wagon. Apply MR. STOESSER, 151 Beale
et., near Howard.
WANTED— Manager with capital, to handle ex-
hibit at Buffalo: the best of its kind in
America. Box 2SS3, Call office.
»?
ABOUT TEN more agents wanted at S47 Third.
FIRST-CLASS presser on pants. BELASCO-
HARRIS CO.. 641 Market st
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin, Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 217 Third st; 150 large
rooms; 25c per night: $1 to $2 per week.
WANTED— Firet-class cook for hotel; refer-
enoes required. C E. EMERSON. Susan-
ville. Cal.
RELIABLE and capable married man to work
on ranch. Apply 222 Dolores St., between 6
and 7 p. m.
WANTED — 100 men to take rooms, 10c, 15o and
20c. Boston House. 930 Howard Bt
GET your ehoes half-soled while waiting; 25c
to SOc. CC2 Mission Et., bet 1st and 2d sta.
W ANTED— tOO men to buy new and 2nd-hand
army shoes, $1 up; eoling 20c up. 923 Howard.
HcDONALD *: PERRY have GOO pairs second-
hand shoes for sale, 60c up. 241 Third st
AT cash prices for Tl per week, men's suits to
order. XEUHAUS & CO.. 115 Kearny st
YOUNG man to do janitor work for his tuition.
E. F. Barber School, 741A Howard Bt.
CAILORS. blacksmiths, neamen & green hands;
all parts of world. HERMAN'S, 26 Steuart st
¦WINCHESTER Houee. 44 Third Et.. near Mar-
ket— 700 rooms, 25c night; reading-rooms; free
•tun and hnc^aee to and from ferry.
~ HORSES A>D WAGONS.
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market
127. Sixth st. ; auction bales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE, Auctioneers.
HANDSOME chestnut gelding. 16 hands,
young, well-bred; suitable for lady to drive.
Nob Hill Stables, 2018 Polk ft. below Pacific.
TOTl Eale— At Ellipse Stable, 1375 Eddy st,
epan of brown mares, lhhi hands, gentle;
beautiful black horse, wt 1250, gentle for fam.
ONE span of mules: broken; weight 1050; six
years old; price $150. Inquire 3. H. DUTCH-
EK, Llvermore, Alameda County.
FOR Bale cheap— Laundry wagon in good re-
pair. Rincon Hill Stable. 417 Folsom st
$130 — A FAMILY bay mare, buggy and . har-
neRp; nearly new. 130 Second ave.. Richmond.
FOR sale— Gentle horse, harness and surrey.
426 Ninth et
A— 100 SETS second-band harness; wagons,
carts, buKgies, eurrey*. horses. 1140 Folsom.
t EDCOXD-HAXD sprinkling wagons In good
order for Bale. 377 Ehotwell ft
E. F. VETERINARY College will commence Its
34 session June 10. Citalopue by applying to
M. L. Pancoast, Bee. 610 Golden Gate ave.
ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, harness,
etc.. cheap. EGAN & SON. 2117 Mission st
GOOD bueiaess horses, wagon horses, heavy.
light, fast pacers and trotters. 721 Howard.
AN a No. 1 express wagon, single, also light
camping wagon, for sale cheap. 632 Mission.
HOUSES TO LET.
%A— PRINTED LIST Houses to let; send for dr-
cular. G. u. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
HOUSE to rer.t — 104 Guerrero st. near Thir-
teenth: 10 rooms, besides bath, laundry and
tenants' room; high ground; sanitary plumb-
inr; carden; 1 block from S lines of cars;
rent very reasonable.
NICELY furnished house of 10 rooms and
r>ath; rent reasonable. 824 Flllmore st, near
McAllister.
HOUSE of 4 rooms and large yard. 937 Church
st; key «tt grocery store. - .- -
NICE eunny corner bouse of 6 rornns and *«th.
Corner hill on Church tst. bet. 21st and a«L_
SUNNY house 9 rms.; conveniences; large yard;
basement li-is Central ave.. near Sacramento.
RDAX HOMES «
F ANT a' CRUZ~MOUNTAINS
EANTA CRUZ MOUNTAINS! ;
A house 10 rooms, furnished complete: piano,
horws, carriages; 4 acres land; going East
Call on MR. LACT, 624 Market st.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS — Con.
AT KEEFFE'S, 933 Market st, * 4 elegant up-
rights at your own price. - Shoninger agency.
SUPERIOR violins/ zithers, old and new. . ¦ H.
MULLER, maker, repairer, 2 Latham place.
A WEEK'S news for 6 cents— The Weekly Call,
16 pages. In wrapper for mailing. $1 per year.
' MUSIC BOXES.
MUSIC boxes— Paul Monaco, expert and the
best repairer and maker on the coast for 13
years; fine Swiss & American music boxes a
specialty. 769 Market st, bet. 3d and 4th.
south side: thoroughly understands his busi-
ness and the right party *? deal with.
OFFICES AND STORES TO LET.
HARDIE place, 9, off Kearny st., bet. Bush and
Sutter— Front and rear 'rooms; latter, extra
large and light; newly renovated; gas and
electric fixtures; suitable for light manufac-
turing. • storage, merchandise, etc. Apply to
JULIEN SMITH, real estate agent, 420 Mont-
gomery st.
A— McALLISTER, 232— Brand-new and roomy
plate-glass window; low rent. -
SUITE of unfurnished offices. 1008% Market
st. ; rent reasonable.
LARKIN, 1001, cor. Post— Modern, sunny; will
alter to gult: '$40. ¦ ' - ¦' .
OIL.
TO CLOSE AN ESTATE.
I shall sell the following oil stocks at prices
set opposite:
1300 shares Acacia at 10c
2000 shares Bonanza at 2c
995 shares Bachelors at 10c
2C00 shares California Fortune at .' 35o
100 shares California Mutual at 40o
20,000 shares California Rock Oil at 3c
2000 shares Grand Pacific at .¦ 20c
3000 shares Chicago Ciude at....-.....; 90c
2000 shares Kern River Oil & Dev Co at. 5c
4500 shares London at ..'. 10c
2000 shares Lone Star at, 5c
2000 shares Meridian at ' .V 5c
1000 shares Shasta at : ".. 30c |
3000 shares Plttsburs Con at 2c
F00 shares San Antcnio at 20c
• 6000 share^Santa Maria at 5c
S00 shares Transcontlaental at 12c
3000 shares Pearl at 35c
5000 shares Union Jark at 4c
1000 shares Three States at 2c
600 shares Valley View at 20c
500 shares Wellington at 6c
• Address JOSEPH B. TOPLITZ.
Oil Stock Broker,
330 Pin<» st, San Francisco.
OIL LANDS AND LEASES.
3000 acres proven oil lands, San Benito County,
to lease on easy terms: other lands and leases
in Monterey County, Sunset, MeKitrtick, Mid-
way and Kern districts. I have some A No. 1
propositions.
. . . M. D. .TUDAH,
646 Market St.,
Chronicle building.
READ THIS — 10,000 shares of good oil stock at
lc per share; approved oil land and the stock
is positively guaranteed by a reliable assur-
ancA company, which makes it. more than
FafcRind the chance for a fortune. Full par-
ticulars with ALDEN CO., 111S Broadway,
Oakland, Cal.
WHY' do we sell so much of our B-cent oil
stock? Because It is reliable and offers extra-
ordinary chances for quick and sure profit;
send for prospectus or. better still, see us:
open evenlnirs. PACIFIC STATES MINING
and INVESTMENT CO., 326 Post st; estab-
liehed 1893. ¦
5c PER share — Ventura Consolidated Oil and
Gold Mining Company; fully paid and non-
assessable: Al Investment; company owns 2400
acres oil land : also owns and Is now operating
a valuable gold mine In Arizona. C. F.
MOORE, 933 Market st., room 6. '
TO get rich quick and -easy buy undeveloped
¦ oil land? In the heart of Coal in era district:
only $1 25 per acre . to-day; perhaps $10,000
within a year. American Exploration Co.,
1413 Call building. .
THE W. R. THOMAS CO.— Oil Lands in the
beet districts; Investigate: Fearless Oil and
Water Co.; a good investment; water trans-
portation. 409 Examiner big., 464 9th, Oakland.
McKITTRICK Consolidated bought and sold;
send In your offers. AMBROSE HARRIS,
611-612-613. Examiner building.
JOSEPH B. TOPLITZ. 330 Pine st.
MEMBER PRODUCF.RS" OIL EXCHANGE.
Country Correspondence Solicited.
OIL tanks, second-hand. In pood order; all
\ OIL LANDS.
OIL lands for sale or lease in all parts of the
State. . We can furnish you with lands In the
best localities. If you are looking for lands
or. wish to Invest in stocks of the leading oil
companies call on us before going elsewhere.
SHEA.& PETERSON, 301 Examiner building.
WILL lease 20 to 300 acres proven oil land near
San Francisco; has railroad and steamer
landings; high grade oil. Address Expert,
box 3704. Call office.
75.000 ACRES oil land In various counties for
]*„»<» snd pbIp. ROTUNSON. 36 Ocnrv st.. r. 6.
PAINTERS AND DECORATORS.
ROOMS papered from $3 up; city or country.
Hartman Paint Co.. 319 3d st"; tel. Red 352L
WALL paper, window Fhades: rooms papered. V
PAI.MISTRT.
H. JEROME FOSSELLI, scientific palmist. 515
Taylor «t. bet. Geary and Post: t*l. Black 561.
FARTXEIU WAXTED.
WANTED— Doctor as partner on new dlscov-,
ery. Box 3893, Call office. - -
PATENTS AND PENSIONS.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful.
OK". T>. f'AM'PBT'LL. T«pwvi»r. Examiner big.
PERSONALS.
SCALP disorder, falling hair, bald spots,
dandruff of any kind cured in three months
or no pay. - " • • -
We massage the head; it cures headaches;
it rests tired clerks; it gives vigor and life
to the nerves.
Hair dressing, shampooing; hair bleached
and dyed; children's and ladies' hair cut
Hair • dressing taught perfectly to ladles.
Apply to MADAME MORANN.
Hair parlors, 468 Eddy st.
A — IF your hair Is falling or you are bald, call
on DR. G. S. MOORE, 488 Geary st.. and you
will not be disappointed; this remedy Is posi-
tively' guaranteed: preparation sent to . all
parts of the world; i-all or send for circular.
INFORMATION wanted concerning JULIUS
FRNJAK. Address JOHN FRNJAK, 57
Clementina St., San Francisco; $5 reward.
GENTLEMAN of 40. good position, desires ac-
quaintance of widow owning her own home;
object, matrimony. Box 3728, Call office.
GENTLEMAN from the East expecting to re-
side in San Francisco would like to make the
acquaintance of a refined young lady; object
matrimony. Box 3871, Call office.
YOUNG man wishes to meet working girl or
young widow ; object matrimony. Box 3S85,
Call office... .: .*
MINT— I'll send balance; four eleven.
MINT.
A NEW and harmless discovery, a simple clay,
which will turn white hair black, brown,
auburn or red, and blonde hair a rich golden,
in from four to twelve hours, according to
Ehade required. DR. FRANCIS C. SHER-
M AN. 406 Sutter St. '
STOP trying to blister your freckles off with
lotions; they'll come right back; call and get
our absorption treatment; use it; if your
freckles re'turn pay nothing. N. Y. Institute
of Dermatology, Glasgow building, 105 Ellis
st, San Francisco. ' . ; f
ALL scalp and hair impurities scientifically
treated; dandruff and falling hair cured;
hair grown and gray restored ; consultation
and book free. MRS. E. R. DUNLAP. 6
Eddy st. rooms 73-74.
PRIVATE detective work; reasonable rates; 10
years' experience. J. B. RAY. 357 Jessie st
MATERNITY VILLA— Mrs. Dr. Funke. 1416
Eighth: st. Alameda. .
Dr Harriett Welch, 2115 Bush; hours 2 to 3, ex-
cept Th. and Sat. ; electrolysis; 17 years' exper.
MARRIAGE PAPER. - ~~~ '
i Best Published— FREE. ¦ >
THE CORRESPONDENCE, Toledo, Ohio.
RAG carpets wove to order and for sale; also
chenille- wove rugs., silk portieres; dealer in
- carpet twine, Jn hank or chain.' at lowest
rates. GEO. MATTHEWS, 70n Flfth.Oakland.
CANCER cured at home by internal treatment;
no knife, plaster or pain; book and testi-
monials mailed free. Cancer Institute, 121
' West Forty-second Bt.'N. Y. • - ¦ ¦
WANTED— Agents in every city to introduce
Lillie Webb California Olive Oil Toilet Soap,
Cream of Rose and Persian Cream. - Ad-
dress Griffith Mfg. Co.. sole agents, 614 So.
Broadway, - Los Angeles. -.-.-. . ... . . :. .
IF you want a good, safe 10 per cent, non-
assessable Investment buy shares In SMITHS'
Cash Store; 27 Market st Send at once for
particulars and • prospectus. ..»-.¦•.-
TALK— Underwear for ladles," 6c up; for men,
25c up; big children, 25c up; little tots' pants,
5c up. '.. Big bargains always for cash at
T SMITHS'. 27 Market : st "'.. ' -¦¦--¦ •
SPRING styles Standard ' patterns now ready.
"Domestic" office. 1031 Market st. nr. Sixth.
OLD geld, silver, diamonds and precious stones
bought. J. R. JENK£L. 817 Market st L -.-
Ladies' & gents': cast-off- clothing' bought &
sold. J. Sllverman, 984 Folsom ;tel.Folsom 119 L
PE^^OyALS—-Contlnned.
THE Mlcrobane Medical Co., removed to 411
Geary st., where they give you free treat-
• ment for bald heads, falling hair and dan-
druff; Mlcrobane Hair Grower cures all cases;'
we also remove superfluous hair; call and sea
us. Mlcrobane Medical Co.. 411 Geary st
WANTED — Those having cancer or tumor to
write for free book on home treatment of
this disease by absorption; no pain, no plas-
ter. C. A. i MASON, M. D., Chatham, N. T.
CIGARETTE and tobacco habit cured at
home; $3;. valuable information for liquor,
morphine, opium, all drug i habits, i MRS.
WILLIAMS, 1839 Polk st, San Francisco.
$1 WEEKLY— Suits to order from genuine
Scotch, $15 up; fine dress suits, $20 up; ele-
gant overcoats. $15 up. LEON LEMO8. 1117
Market at., between Seventh and Eighth.
C. LANDECKER, 20 Montg'y— Watches cleaned
and repaired, no matter what's broken, $l;guar.
ELECTRIC light In every ' room— Winchester
Hotel. 44 Third St.. near Market: 700 rooms;
25c to $160 per night; $150 to $6 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
ALFREDUMS Egyptian Henna; restores gray
hair to its natural color; $1; at all druggists.
SCHOOL to learn halrdresslng. hair work. man.
lcuiing; private lessons or class. MISS A. V.
DOYLE, 1704 Market, bet. Polk and Van Ness.
WHITE enamel iron beds, single, three-quarter
or double. J2 25. EASTERN OUTFITTING
CO.. 1310-1S12 Stockton st. near Broadway. j
"KINGSLAND Art Colors." for leather, wood
end photos, at all first-class art stores.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN ft. CO.. 733 Mkt.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles destroyed with
electric r-eedle. MISS EATON. 1119 Sutter st.
DR. LAMOTTE'S French Corn Paint, the best
corn cure: 2Sc: all druggists. '
PHYSICIANS AN9 SURGEONS.
DR~ cTcT^TdONNELL— Of flee and residence!
1021 Market Et., between Sixth and Seventh.
DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor, successfully
treats all diseases of the human body: sea
testimonials at office. 115-117 Mason, nr. Ellis.
PILES-; _ '
NEARLY 1000 permanent cures here in your
midst, many who have suffered 20 to 30
years; over fifty names of prominent busi-
ness men sent as reference; no chloroform,
surgery or delay from business, and no
salves for sale. Particulars, address Physi-
cian^
REAL ESTATE—CITY — FOB SALbT
INVESTMENTS. INVESTMENTS.
A SELECTED LIST.
$46,000— A fine corner: 137:6x137:6, close to Cali-
' fornia and Polk sts. ; partially improved,
. . but rents for J3S5; could be Increased.
$21,000— A splendid corner close to the junction
of Market and Valencia sts.; 72 feet
. front; has a line future.
$12,000— Rents $141; larse lot on Paclfio st, 68
feet front; stores and dwellings.
$11,000— Corner, near Height and Gough; 87:6
feet front; 3 buildings; rent $80.
$10,000 — Rents $97 CO: S handsome new flats near
• Page and ShraOtr.
$10,000—3 fine flats on Fell, fronting the Park;
all rented. •• •
$9500—3 flats, marble steps, etc., near, Page
and Broderick; rtnts $87 50.
$7500 — Rents $70; 2 new flats on Shrader St.,'
¦ near the Park.
$9700—3 new flats on Devisadero; rents $91.
$5500— Business property on Twenty-fourth st;
store and flat, also stable; rent $48.
$5000— Near Webster and Herrmann, 3 flats,
almost new; lot 25x137:6.
$4500 — 3 good flats on Broadway, near Jones;
rents $12.
$4000— Rents $42 50; 2 bay-window flats, near
Stanyan and Carl sts.
$3500— McAllister-st fiats; rents $35; lot
25x137:6. • , .
$3600— Rents $36; 2 flats on Broderick st.
$3100—2 good flats on Hartford St., near Nine-
teenth and Castro; rents $27 60.
$3250— Store and fiat on Castro, near Twenty-
fourth; rents $32 50.
?2s50 — Broadway, near Taylor; 2 flats; rents
$26. . ¦ • •
LYON & HOAG,
114 Montgomery st.
NEW RESIDENCE, Ccmmanding Magnificent
Views. • ¦
$4500— Green St., near Flllmore; containing 7
large sunny rooms and bath; lot 25x137:6.
THREE LARKIN-ST. FLATS:
$6500— Rents $62 50; contains 5. 5, 6 rooms and
baths, etc. ; bank mortgage $4500 can re-
main; this is a snap.
MODERN FLATS OVERLOOKING PARK.
$5000— Two bay-window flats, 5 and 6 rooms and
bath, also stable; rent $45.
A CORNER INVESTMENT.
$7000 — Two-story build! ng, store and flats, also
two fiats on sida street; total rent $65;
close to Third and Bryant.
$2400— Union st., near Hyde; two-story house;
rent $22 50. -
A NEW COTTAGE.
$2200— Stanyan St., a. short distance from the
Park; contains 5 large sunny rooms; lot
25x120; good neighborhood.
BUSINESS PROPERTY.
PAYS BIG INTEREST.
$4000 — Rents $75 per month; corner Baker and
Filbert sts.; two stores ondi rooms
above; cars pass the property; near Pre-
sidio; a lively district.
$2500— Bay-window house, 8 rooms and bath,
on Twentieth St., near Diamond.
HANDSOME NEW HOME.
$4700— Clayton st., near Frederick; contains 7
- ; large sunny rooras, also billiard room In
basement; latest ' sanitary plumbing;
commands magnificent view; the blue
electrio cars pass the property; $1000 cash,
balance monthly.
A 1 BRAND NEW COTTAGE.
$1350— Only $200 cash, $14 monthly; contains 4
rooms, porcelain bath; Wisconsin St.,
near Twenty-fourth; 5 a few minutes'
walk from the cars. !
LYON & HOAG. 114 Montgomery st.
FOR SALE BY
JULIEN SMITH, • - .
Real Estate Agent 420 Montgomery St
Baker Street.
, . 137:6 o 3 '. ¦
" ¦ ! ¦ ' s "
Only $16,500. » 2
¦ | •'"
Southeast corner; full 50-vara, with 7 build-
ings; particulars at office: very cheap.
McAllister Street
Business property and flats; fine, sunny lots;
3 frontages; income $132; make offer; desire to
sell early. , Price $23,000.
Haight Street.
Near Market; lot 68:9x137:6, with large build-
ing designed for academy; suitable for school
or society, sanitarium, etc. ;. fine locality; IS
rooms and 2 large classrooms. Prioe $15,000.
, . - • Flats— Webster Street. •
Near Washington; excellent building; smooth
street and pavement; stone walks; iron fence,
etc.; rents $40.' Price $4500.
Oak-Street Flats.
Near Laguna; lot 25x120, to Lily avenue: will
be sold cheap; make offer. Price $6250.
Sutter Street.
Fine lot; 30:6x164; north side,' near Scott
street. ' * Price $3800.
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS. -
Special Bargains in Park Property.
{500 to $800— Graded Sunset lots; $10 monthly.
$s:o to $750— Choicest Richmond lots; easy
terms.
$75, $100, $200 to $350— Ocean Boulevard lots; $5
monthly. ,
$75, $100 to $250— Level lots near Mlsslon-st
cars; $5 monthly. \ ¦. . ,
Very cheap— New " modern lH-story - cottage,
7 rooms and bath; choice location in Richmond;
easy terms. ;• ..
$2500— Lot 25x137:6; north side Oak, near Brod-
erick; bitumen in street.
SOL GETZ & BROTHER, .
54 Chronicle Building.
$8750— JUST completed; Pacific Heights; artis-
tic residence on Jackson St., near Baker,
built, by day work, containing 11 sunny
room's; very handsomely decorated; mosaic,
• marble and Roman brick finish; heaters and
registers; electric service and every known
possible convenience required in a first-class
residence: payment like rent If desired. . Ap-
ply on above premises. ' •
FOR -sale as a whole or In subdivisions; 50-
vara lot; south line Union st; 137:6 feet east
of Pierce. Lot, northeast corner Green and
Pierce sts., 103:6x137:6 ' feet Inquire of
CHARLES. C. BEMIS. Real Estate Broker,
321 • Montgomery st. ' .- >'
BLOCKS and lots for sale on easy terms; a
great snap; 3-story residence;- modern; 9
rooms and bath; all in first-class order; lot
20x80 feet; 2694 Folsom st, nr. 23d: for $3750.
M. McCANN, rooms ES and 67, Merchants'
Exchange, California st :
$3000 TO $36CO— Go out to-day and see those new
up-to-date 5 and 7 room houses on Filbert St.,
between- Broderick and Baker; upobstrncted
- marine view; cash or easy terms; owner at
property. H. B. PINNEY, 11 Montgomery st,
San Francisco, or opposite station,. Berkeley.
$20.000— A SNAP; south tide Golden Gate ave..
near Larkln St., with old improvements; lot
'68:9x120 to rear street; suitable for hotel. site.
Apply R. McCOLQAN. 24 Montgomery st,
room 3. ,.'-- »¦.-.. ' . "- •¦••/-¦/¦•.'.¦.....
LOT - In • Mission— Corner, 15x90; excellent lo-
• cality; , residence . district; suitable for • gro-
cery or other business; no opposition, ,791
Stevenson st . - / ; . .¦ .¦'-:•
$2700— 6-ROOM houses on easy terms; Elizabeth
st. , near ¦ Douglass. J. ANDERSON, owner
and, builder. *; .-¦.:¦ - ¦ .
AT a bargain — That elegantly decorated new
modern 10-room residence, 775 Cole st; open
. daily. ¦ • ¦ ¦ : .-;.-¦¦ ¦-¦-¦¦-;
FOR sale ¦ cheap — New 4 rooms and i bath eot-
tages; 53 an-i 54 Prospect ave., Mission; terms.THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL;; SUNDAY, APRIL 21, 1901.
30
REAL ESTATE -CI'IY — FO*l SALE. *
EASTON. ELDRTDGE^ «t&KBT.BTMasr.
. ,. ¦ P<
LEAVEJTWORTH-ST. INVESTMENT — 67 :6 re
ft front; ea«y walking distance Kearny and fii
Market; S well-built bouses, 9 rooms and bath;
pric* J15.000. a]
FXTW STEPS FROM PANHANDLE and
Halght-ct. care — NJce bay-windowed home of 8 si
rooms and bath; bitumen street and the price re
on!y £S00. aI
¦ El
KEEE'S A THOUSAND DOLLARS PROFIT 7
FOR YOU within 30 days; MUST BE SOLO; fi:
MAKE OFFER; large beautiful home only one 1c
block from Park Panhandle; 9 rooms and bath;
$3500: new bank mortgage can remain or can
arranpe more liberal terms; to be thrown away
at J5000. <=1
I 01
A GREAT BIO ENAP— 42:4xl37S: on best bl-
tumlnized block on Pine St.. north side; elegant
residence of 11 rooms and ba-h, stable. drive-
Tray, etc.; ground alone worth more than price r«
Esked; rents low, $600 per annum; new bank S
loan, $5000, can remain; larger mortgage can be T.
obtained; price JC500. h
SOUTH OF MARKET INVESTMENT— 6 fine h
r-cll built flats of 4 and 8 rooms: rent $516; lot r<
25x112 it. ; near 6th and Howard sts. ; price $4000. f (
XvE"W MODERN POST-ST. FLATS— Two ele-
par.t modern flats of 6 and 7 rooms and bath; a
ail modern Improvements; key lot; light and d
cuosf. 2
— — — w
NEW MODERN WESTERN ADDITION p
FLATS — SNAP; 2 beautiful modern flats. 7 and
f rooms and bath; round bay-windows; light
and eunny; cars pass; vicinity Pacific Heights;
rests JSCO; price JS500. el
¦ o
EASTON, ELDKIDGE & CO..
<S8 Market St. s ,
' AUCTION.
AUCTION.
AUCTION. T
TUESDAT. APRIL 30th. 1901. J;
At 12 O'clock Noon. "
At Our Salesroom. 63S Market Street. *
PAGE-ST. RESIDENCE— No. S16 Page St..
rr. Buchanan: elegant residence. 11 rooms;
lveht and sunny: very large lot. 57:6x120. to Lily
eve ; mortgage $S0O0. r
MISSION FLATS— No. 1109 Treat avs.; two
liandsome flats of 4 and S rooms and bath; rear
cottage and stable; lot £5x112:6 ft. to rear r
street. $
POINT LOBOS AVE. CORNER LOT— SW.
corner Point Lobos ave. and Parker ave.; 31x 1
123 ft. c
NEW MISSION COTTAGE— No. 1117 Sanchez
et.. nr. 24th; new cottage, 6 rooms and Dath; c
all modern conveniences; lot C3xT5 ft
HAIGHT-BT. FLATS— No. 226 to 28 Halght $
et., nr. Buchanan: 3 flats, 7, 7, 6 roonis and
bath; large let. 30x137 ft. I
MISSION WARM BELT FLATS— No. 3674-7S
nineteenth et.. nr. Dolores, nr. Guerrero; 3 j
bay-windowed flats ol 5, 5, 6 rooms and bath;
lints ?53; lot ft. I
SOUTH OF MARKET INVESTMENT— No. 78 E
Clementina et.. nr. 2d; 4 flats. 6, E, 3. 3 rooms; „
xvnt $13 per month; lot £5x&0 ft.
HARRISON-ST. COTTAGB-No. 3223 Harri- [
ton st.. nr. Preeita ave.; cottage. 5 rooms; lot ,
25x100 ft. c
OAKLAND. *
NE. corner Webster and 13th sts.; fine busl-
ress corner in the center of Oakland, under .
lease $100 per month; lot 50x100 ft. -^
ALAMEDA.
SE. corner Park st. and Railroad ave.; fine
business corner; well improved; all rented;
icrced sale; lot E0xS7 ft.
EASTON. ELDRIDGE & CO.. *
63S Market street.
BOVEE, TOY & SONNTAG. " ?
Real Estate Agents.
Houses Rented, Rents Collected and Full
Charge Taken of Property.
624 MARKET ST.
118,000— Bush St.. down town: 3 flats of 6 and
7 rooms and bath; rents $160 per month; open
plumbing; modern in every respect.
$12.500— Page et., near Market; 2 nice flats
of 7 rooms and 8 rooms and bath: lot 27x120
feet; rents $80 per month; mortgage of $4200
on same, which can remain.
$3750—3 modern flats of 6 rooms and bath
each; porcelain tubs, sinks, etc; modern In
every respect; on Devlsadero St.; rents $30 per
month.
$9500— Buchanan St., near Golden Gate ave.;
3 modern fiats of S and 6 rooms and bath each;
lot 81x91:6 feet; rents $64 per month.
J9000— Haight St., near Scott; lot 25x137:6 feet; •
5 flats of 5 and 6 rooms and bath; rents $.63
per month.
$7000— Shot-well st., near Twenty-fourth; 3
modern flats and rear cottage; lot 23x122:6
feet; rents $60 per month.
$6500—3 flats on Twenty-sixth et., near Mis-
sion; lot 43x165 feet: rents $65 per month;
through to rear street,
$•3700— Scott st., near O'Farrell: nice pair of •
flats and rear cottage; lot 25x90 feet; rents
$52 60.
?C390 — Elegant lot on north line of Broadway;
lot 27:6x127:6 feet; fine neighborhood.
J3750— Nice corner in Mission; store and up-
per flats; rents for $35 per month; street bl-
tuminized: building 4 years old.
J5750 — Nice residence on Laguna St., near El-
lis: 8 rooms and bath in fine condition.
$3000— Elegant 10-room residence on Ashbury
Ft.; open plumbing; latest improvements; lot
"15x100 feet.
$5500 — Eddy et.; 3 flats and cottage; lot has
two frontages; size 25x120 feet; street work
done and stone sidewalk; rents $50 per month.
$5500— Lot and Improvements west line of
Pteiner st. ; lot 25x110 feet; 2 flats of 6 and 6
rooms and bath each; rents $45 per month.
$5300— Bush st.. north side; nlca house of 11
rooms and bath; lot 25x75 feet; In fine condi-
tion; owner anxious to sell; make offer.
$5000 — Nineteenth St.. near Valencia: nice res-
idence of 8 rooms and bath; lot 25x85 feet:
rent* $3 per month; must be sold.
$3600— J flats and rear cottage on Minna st.,
between Sixth and Seventh; lot 25x75 feet;
rents $31 per month: always rented.
$3500— Silver et., near Third; I houses' and
rear cottage; rents $S8 per month,
$3000— Shipley et.. near Fourth; flat» of 4 and
6 rooms In fine condition; rents $33 per month,
$1500— Cottage of i rooms and bath on Iowa
•t.. not far from Union Iron Works; rents
tflS M> per month; modern In every respect.
H<ttO-Ix>t on Clara et., near Third; lot SOx
I* feet.
Kin» cottar** In th« Mission very cheap on
Urm« If desired.
Aloo cheap lota,
rurthtr particular* Pt nOVEB, TOT &
p( >XN*TAQ.
Vo.N );1U41N BBAL HtATB^GS One*.
MS CALIFORNIA 8TIIEST.
IMWOVKD.
ttt.OOfr-rnt«i Mm nr«r Taylor; tS:»xl»:l; I
m >'•¦!•!< flat* «nd ii-nr houtt; renti Mi M.
!¦;¦¦ i'- M.-.MiiMrr »t.. ntar itrinrr; :t:tsllO;
Jim** or T rooms »nd bath.
!..''i>- .!'-nr» »l . r.rnr Lombard; tixlOVC; I
Bnrtprn natt: rcntt |(*. ...
f;o(tt_Fcl»om »t., new Fourth; brick build*
ine; vtorv and flat; rent IGS; SSxSO.
> ra_u,,,!nnnn *t., t)««r Poet; 14x57:6; houp«
of T room* and bath; rent 13:..
?:::>- ivrt fL, near Uaker; S$xlS7:(; S flats;
Irnts S3?»
$r,poo— California et. near Webster; S5xl»7:6;
liouite of 6 rooms.
ir.ooo— Corner Leavenworth and Broadway;
cotteiife and 1 flats; rent $41.
tCOO— Pine st., near Uuchanan; 11x110; house
ef 7 room*.
{3500— Harriet rt.. near Bryant; £Sx7S; t-story
buildinr: rents $40. -
53S5O— California et, ne«.r First are;; S4x63;
hcuw of I rooma and bath. .- • >•
$371.0— Jones Ft., near Vallejo; «:10xM:J; 4
flat*: rents $10 CO.
(Z3Z0 — Clementina St., near Sixth; SOxSO; house
of S rooms and bath: rent JI5.
UNIMPROVED.
$1^000— Cnlon, near Mason; S3:«xlS7:l.
$3500— Greenwich et.. near Taylor: 45:10x137:1
f4$CiO— Union St.. near Webster; 6S:9xl37:6
IH500— Fulton Ft., near Killmore; 32:6x137:6.
SSOOO— Laguna Et., near Page; 25x100.
$2500— Cor. Thirtieth and Dolores: 26:6x100.
$1600— Florida 6t-, near ISth; 50x100.
fl250 each— Dolores, near 30th; 25x100; Z lots.
$1000 — Emma Et_. near 14th; 2Sx90.
fCSO— Lake, near 13th ave. ; . 30x72.
INSTALLMENT LOT.
10 per cent cash, $10 per month. Inter-
est 7 per cent; lot 25x100; Mission and
adjacent street: ready to build on.
COTTAGE IN RICHMOND.
|2,;0O— Very eaey terms; cozy bay-window cot-
tage cf 5 rooms and bath and floored
basement; brick foundation, etc.; small
amount cash.
TO CLOSE ESTATE.
$2,800— No reasonable offer will be refused; sub-
stantial 2-story house of 6 rooms and
bath: brick foundation, basement, etc;
could be converted Into llats at email
outlay; Mission warm belt.
CORNER ON PRESIDIO HEIGHTS.
S5 IK— Marine view lot 37:6x102:814.
¦ ELEGANT FLAT NEAR PARK.
18.000— Rents $620 per annum; commands fine
' views of the city, park, the ocean and
WK*.'' Golden Gate; 25x120.
CHEAP PRESIDIO HEIGHTS RESIDENCE.
JS.OOO— Fine modern residence of 14 rooms and
• bath, etc: rTxlOO. '
ELEGANT EASTLAKE RESIDENCE.
tlO.OOO— Elite location on Pacific Heights; beau-
tiful modern residence; nearly new;
finished In natural woods; 27x137:6 to an
alley; very sunny. •
Different list In each newspaper.
RAYMOND. BALDWIN & CO..
. .- ¦ 138 Montgomery, st.
" PROSPECTIVE business property: lot 60xS7:6:
bouse of 7 rooms; 100 feet south " of Folsom
' et. bet. 1st and 20. lu PETERSON, B44 Mis-
REAL ESTATE CITY FOR BAKE. f
SHAINWALD, BUCKBEE & CO.. • 0
REAL. ESTATE AGENTS.
218-220 Montgomery St.. Mills Building.
$28,000-Cor. 14th and Valencia sts.; transfer
point; large lot; 130x100 feet; seven i houses;
rents $175; should be Improved with stores and
flat*. -.< :k •>;.-. r - -
$8500— Van Ness ava. residence; bargain; lot
alone worth the price; contains 9 rooms and
bath. v ; -./.'
$7000— New modern house, worth $10,000: Prc-
sldlo Heights; 12 rooms and 2 baths; 6 bed-
rooms; key lot 27:8%xl37:6 feet; has the sun
all day.
S1S.000— North side Broadway, with unob-
Etructed marine view; new modern residence:
7 bedrooms; 3 baths; modern In all respects;
finished In natural woods; walls are tinted;
lot 40x137:6 feet.
LARGE INVESTMENT.
$140,000— Magnificent 6-story brick building:
close to Union Square; pays 6 per cent net
after paying all expenses, Including taxes. In-
surance, etc.; for full particulars apply at thin
office.
MARINE VIEW RESIDENCE.
$45,000— North side of street, close to new -
residence now being erected by Mr. J. D.
Spreckels; view of bay. Alcatraz Island and
JCount Tamalpais; absolutely unobstructed;
house modern, substantial: beautiful entrance;
hall with three handsome stained glass win- _
dows; hardwood floors on main floor and in up-
Etairs hall and three bedrooms; electric lights;
handsome fixtures; 7 bedrooms. 3 baths, trunk-
room, storeroom, furnace, etc; large lot, 68:9
foot frontage.
A MARINE VIEW RESIDENCE.
$13,500
North side of Vallejo st., between Buchanan
and Webster; lot 40 feet front by 317:6 feet in
depth, with modern residence of 12 rooms and
2 baths; house about 5 years old: Inspection
will prove this to be one of the biggest bar-
gains in marine-view homes ever put pn the
market; lot and improvements have been ap-
praised by competent brokers at over $15, GOO.
INVESTMENT— PAYS 14 PER CENT.
$7500— Rents $92 per month; south of Market
st.: between Third and Fourth; call at our
office for full description.
POWELL-ST. LOT AND IMPROVEMENTS.
$4500— Rents $42 60; lot 22:11x68:9 feet to rear
street; improvements consist of three flats.
LOT AND IMPROVEMENTS.
$8750— Lot SO feet front by 60 feet depth;
Leavenworth st.. near Broadway; Improve-
ments are four 2-story houses, renting for
$53 50; certainly an elegant proposition for in-
vestors.
CORNER FLATS.
$S000 — Corner of Buchanan St.; modern flats:
renting for $64; lot 24xSl:3 feet.
MISSION COTOCGB.
$2100— Fair Oaks st.. near Twenty-fourth: S
rooms and bath; lot 23x108 feet; mortgage of
$1000 can remain at 6 per cent.
$5250— Florida St., near Twenty-fifth; lot 27x
100 feet, with house of 2 flats; rents $27 50; you
can pay $500 cash, balance In monthly pay-
ments of $36 65 or less if desired.
$3750— Ninth St., near Bryant; lot 25x100 feet;
cheap.
$2000— "West line Church st.. south of Twenty-
eighth; cottage of 5 rooms and bath; rents for
$13: modern; lot 25x100; a bargain.
$8000— Three modern flats; Jackson st.. near
Broderick; rents $7S 50; for sale at less than
cost.
$2750— Marine view; corner of Vallejo St., near
Jones: S4:6 front; improvements rent for $21.
$7750— Reduced from $9000; elegant Presidio
Heights residence, with 5 bedrooms; first flo •-
has hardwood floors throughout; finished base-
ment with furnace, etc.: lot 34:4Hxl27:8Vi; fine
marine view.
Builders and home-site seekers, attention In
particular— A parcel of land comprising several
lots in one of the choicest locations in the Mis-
sion; accessible by five different car lines, three
of which nass the property; to be sold as a
¦whole or in subdivisions at once. _¦ "
SHAINWALD, BUCKBEE & CO..
218-220 Montgomery St.. Mills building.
W. F. AMBROSE & CO.. ,
Real Estate Brokers.
41 and 42 Chronclle building.
TO ADVERTISE BARGAINS ONLY.
$S0, 000— Choice Montgomery-street investment:
150x117; substantial buildings; rent
$6540 per annum.
$21,000— Investment property: Beale st, near
Market; rent $1520 per annum.
$2 500— Cheap flats; 4 rooms and bath: each
rent $21; brick foundation: stone bulk-
head; 26x100: Bryant and 24th.
J3.50O— Pacifio st.: modern 3-story house of 8
rooms and bath.
$4,500— McAllister, near Broderick: cottage of
5 rooms and bath; 43:9x137:6.
$2,S50— Downtown flats; 5 and 6 rooms; rent
$26 per moncH.
CHEAP LOTS.
$4,000— Washington, near Cherry; 50x129.
$3,500— McAllister, near Broderick; 44x137:6.
¦ $2,150— Steiner, near Waller; 25x91:6.
$1,100— Church, near ISth; 27xS8.
$1.800— Devisadero, near Waller; 25x125.
W. F. AMBROSE, & CO..
41 and 42 Chronicle building.
; WHO wants a home?
Beautiful, artistic, cozy.
; Absolutely up to date.
; BO-fcot let: sun in every room.
Superb location; double frontage.
Reasonable once; easy terms.
Opens Into park. Address 8S. Call.
1 FOR sale at a bargain — A handsome ll-room
I residence; healthy location; half block from
car line: splendid view over the city and
across the bay; south front: lot Improved
with plants and flowers; payments easy.
Box 2886. Call office.
' SELECT your lot anywhere; we will buy it
for you, erect a house to suit and sell It to
you on very easy terms. THE MCCARTHY
, CO., 646 Market st.
1 A COZT home. $1350; neat cottage, 4 large
rooms: high basement; nice garden: chicken
' yard and chickens; lot 25x100; half caah, bal-
c ance Installments if desired; also adjoining
: cottage of S rooms, basement and chicken
b house; large lot: $750. Inquire 218 Palmer St.,
' near Chenery. Falrmount District.
1 BARGAIN. ¦; ,
$1C25— Cheapest lot on market; « level lots;
6 each 25x100.
$1025 In Holly Park: 8 blocks from Mission
: 6 st. cars.
$1025 MuFt be sold at once.
• 6 McEWEN BROS., 118 Montgomery Bt.
EXECUTRIX AUCTION.
1 We have been instructed by ths widow of
the late John P. Poole esq. to sell their grand
J ten-room houiQ and lot. stable and outhouse*.
. :&8 Laidley «t., cor. Fairmont it; lot 176x150.
& Cottage of 4 room*, 140 Laidley St.; lot lOOx
a 1)0.
One lot. 60x111, on Palmer »t., near Fairmont,
c One lot, 100x100, on Laldley »t., near Mateo
street.
n Bale Tuesday, April 80, at W;S0 a. m., on the
jironerty.
The above property inu*t be eolfl re«ardle»»
t of co*t or value, ThU it a graml chance, to
buy ewii property at your own price,
send for descriptive ratalncue.
J. A. MUNHO & CO.. Auctioneer*.
Qrnpc UP atwkton »t.. 8. F.I * g l 1 ' J .* | rcfa 1M1.
I A WVfiiiY trip for Ce; eleetrte fartt to Oeean
View, the imtuIpM tunurb ©f 8. P.I THIS*
U TL1STON, 8'S Hedowa §i., will shew you
choice let*. tUS each: 4 extra fin* lot*. IU0
t eath: beautiful cottage with S lete, »*00] a.
rreenhouie ready for a florlit, eett over *K>o
1. For K'.nr«; mii b 11 cottage 1150. barn am) well
ISnO, and lot R3\U>n. valued ttOO, the whole
« buttnete can be bought tor 1600.
.. MAKE offer; the owner ti tick: wantt to leave
1 the city— 4 room*: stable •, well of water; lot
>. 114x36; street accepted by city; cement aide*
' walk; plank ctd« entrance. Call 415 Twenty-
.. ninth et.; Mlrelon cam pass door.
FOIt sale— Well-constructed, modern re*Mrnce,
'* I rooms and bath. In a desirable location
near park; reasonable terms. £60 Mission it.
IF you have lots to sell north of the Park,
I; then call on W. J. OUNN. 630 California st.
4 FOn the beet located lota In Richmond and the
cheapest call on W. J. Gunn. 630 California.
* MODERN cotta«es_and flats built: reasonable:
plans furnished. Salsbury, builder. 1333 Market.
1 REAL L.STATE— COPXTRY-- For Sale
WOODWARD-CCSHMAN CO..
11 Montgomery street, San Francisco.
$35,000—670 acres situated in the beautiful
Napa Valley, % mile from R.R. station; highly
• Improved; fine dwelling houses and barns;
fenced and cross-fenced: numerous springs;
rich valley and wooded hills; orchard and va-
riety fruit trees; one of the. best pieces of
-_ productive property in Napa Co.; fine climate;
ld liberal termB^payment.
11 Montgomery st.
$15.000— AN attractive country ' home. Contra
n Co6ta Co.; 90 acres highly Improved and pro-
ductive; many natural advantages; good
climate: commodious dwelling of < rooms;
i-_ 4SO0- fruit trees, almonds, cherries, pears,
prunes, peaches, apricots, oranges, quinces,
. persimmons, plums, olives a^id figs, 8 years
t| eld, full bearing; natural springs; terms $5000
¦" cash, balance mortgage 7 per jcent, or will
exchange for city or Oakland property.
WOODWARD-CTJSHMAN - CO.. . 11 Montgom-
ery St., S. F. ; ¦
3 ? $3000— Orchard home of 4 acres; variety bearing
lfl Jruit trees; house of 9 rooms; barn and ware-
¦ bouse; Jiving creek: personal property. Hay-
=2 wards. T Alameda Co.. Cal. WOODWAKD-
ld CUSHMAN CO.. 11 Montgomery. St.. S. F.
$3500— Attractive home; new house of 9 rooms;
Q - lot 60x160 feet; Fruitvale. Oakland: photo at
v - office: $2000 can remain on mortgage, bal. will
111 accept small ranch or land near city or sub-
mit - cash offer. WOODWARD-CUSHMAS
CO., 11 Montgomery St., S. F., Cal.
A BIG SNAP. *
— . 140 acres, partly In orchard; a four-room eot-
6: tape; three living springs ;• Ideal . climate ; two
m miles from Calistoga; ¦ will exchange for -city
b- property or sell for $2500; easy terms. H. W.
JAUDIN. 814 Washington st, San Francisco.
REAL. ESTATE — ¦COCHTBY— Fog 8*1* T
G. H. UMBSEN ft CO.. 14 Montgomery Bt
Beautiful home in Mill Valley; unsurpass- -
ing view; nice grounds; will be sold at a
sacrifice. Call for particular* and photo- -
graphs at office. 6
|2600.
10 acres east of Napa City; all under culti-
vation; good buildings; this la -a great bar-
gain.
$1150.
One acre adjoining Santa Rosa; well Im-
proved; good buildings.
. • $6000.
120 acres half mile from railroad station, _
Sacramento County; all under cultivation; K
good buildings: very rich soil.
N . $100.
20 acres near Red Bluff, Tehama County.
$6000. .
160 acres. Orangevale, Sacramento County;
all under cultivation; good buildings; well
rented; would exchange for Oakland resl-
105 acres at Truebody station, Napa County;
70 acres under cultivation; balance good farm
and pasture land; well fenced; well watered;
splendid buildings; 40 acres in peaches, cher-
ries, plums and prunes; in good condition; -
sacrifice price will be made upon this splen- ?
did ranch to close estate.
R. S. BROWNE,
Manager Country Department.
$1200—160 ACRES. Monterey Co. ; 60 acres in
peaches, cherries, apricots and- grain; good $
house; mower, rake and farming utensils; a
snap; must be sold. Apply A. M. SPECK &
CO.. 667 Market st. :
RANCHES of all kinds at reasonable prices.
Write or call.
\ G. W. SCHWEINHARD,
917 Market st, San Francisco. $
FOR sale — 40 acres 'of good oil land In Sunset
and 40 acres In McKittrick at $30 per acre.
Address EMA PULLIN. Palace Hotel. Bak-
ersfleld. -
MARION GRIFFIN, Real Estate Agent, Tl> ?
Market St.. by Call bldg.— Free circulars- de-
scribing farms for sale all over this State.
REDWOOD timber lands in lots to suit; 160 to t
5000 or more acres; at from $4 to $8 an acre.
Address P. ROTHERMEL. 507 California st. r
IN Mill Valley — A nice home for sale cheap on
account of departure. 526 Turk St.. S. F. ?
FARMING and other property In various parts j
of California for sale. Catalogue on applica-
tion to BALFOUR, GUTHRIE & CO.,
SI 6 California at. San Franciaco. E
a
¦ 3^3 ¦ I
160 ACRES of land at $25 per acre, near Spo-
kane, Wash.; 40 acres improved: free and
clear of incumbrance; would like to exchange
for Improved city property in or near San
Francisco. Cal.; property must be clear of In-
cumbrance; I may assume a small lncum- -
brance if the property brings a good Income. J
CORPORAL M. MARKESON, Company P.
Thirty-fifth Infantry. U. S. V.. Presidio.
BUY In Napa County; no droughts, no irriga-
tion, no failure of crops; write us for free
copy "Napa County ViticulturUt." The W.
A. MACKINDER CO.. St. Helena. Cal. .
WRITE J. W. HORN, 812 Malu, Petalutaa, for ,
free copy of Sonoma Co. real estate bargains.
ROSS VALLEY REAL ESTATE..
FOR SALE— In Ross Valley, 7 minutes' walk i
from San Anselmo station, an attractive ]
home, having 10 rooms and bath; lot 50x200;
well cultivated. For particulars inquire of i
J. I TAYLOR. 404 Sansome st. . . 1
, — : — 1
ROSS VALLEY— Choice villa lots, near station; j
San Rafael water system; sewered; plenty
shade trees. P. ROSS. Kent Station.
ROSS VALLEY, near stations— Few choice '
view lots; sewered; abundance water, treee. |
Apply ' J. H. GILHULY. 17 Beale St., S. F.
SAJf RAFAEL REAL ESTATE. ' ;
SAN RAFAEL— Elegant, new, modern resi-
dence in- San Rafael, on Fifth ave., of 9
rooms, bath; large grounds, with orange and .
other fruits and flowers; stable for 3 horses.
Visit premises or address owner, P. TROY,
418 California st., San Francisco; terms easy.
FOR sale or lease — A choice modern 8-room
cottage- nice grounds; near Hotel Rafael;
will sell for $1000 Ies3 than cost. P. ROSS,
San Rafael. ¦
REAL ESTATE WANTED.
WANTED— To buy small cottage and lot in
the Mission on installments. Box 3878. Call.
REAL ESTATE TO EXCHANGES.
SEND stamp for catalogue ; property in all
parts of the U. S. to exchange.
G. W. SCHWEINHARD,
917 Market at, S. F.
BERKELEY— Modern house, 6 rooms; lot 45x
130; fine location; for improved S. F. property.
2435 Grove St., Dwlght way station, or 210
Grant ave.. S. F.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
$800— LOT 45x150, with 6-room house; 1 block
from Park st; easy terms.
$1150— Neat cottage 4 rooms and bath; nice gar-
den; 1 block from Park st
$ 1500— Lot 33:4x125; on Central ave.; 6 rooms and
bath; installments. -
$2000— 6-room cottage, S blocks from station;
$200 cash, balance $15 per month. •
$2500— Lot 83:4x150; sunny side Pacific ave.,
near Willow st.; fine cottage 5 rooms and
' bath; nice garden; near station and
school; terms to suit buyer.
$3000— Lot 40x150: Morton et.. between railroads;
up-to-date new cottage of 6 rooms and
bath; $500 cash, balance $25 per month.
$6000— Great snap: lot 50x207:6; on Central ave.;
No. 1 10-room house, stable and barn;
cost $11,000; see this property. .
Houses built on the Installment plan to suit.
Cheap building lots and houses to let in
all parts of Alameda.
H. P. MOREAIj & CO.,
1423 Park st,, Alameda,
A GREAT lint of houses to be sacrificed by
the Alameda Land Co,, taken under fore-
clonure; muit t>« alt disposed of within th«
next ten days; see us at once: look over the
list and see if any of them suit you:
Fine 4«TOom cottage; modern: only...... I1WM
Fine '4. room cottage; extra value.. ,, ltW
Fine 6-room pottage; modern design.,.. 150rt
Kln« fi-ro>nn cottage; on beat Avenue,,,, SiiOi)
' Fine R-room eettage; recently built; hho.
uniwi , ..,....,.,......, ssm
vtim «>room cottage; elegantly finished., ssoo
Fine ft- room eattage; juit built; eae.il.
fleed £900
Pine T-rotMi» ©oUsge; Urgo lot; at &
bargain ................... KSO
DB Himi! AND 8KB THE8H BAUOAINK.
A hpI.mi.iii1 two-story houte, ehotee n«igh»
borhood, ISMK); the nimve with many others
mu*t be aolft; no reserve.
FIRST COMB, FIRST SERVED. .
Nothing like it ever offered before..
it you want a bargain in a home, dont
delay,
lloueci built, rented and exchanged,
ALAMEDA LAND CO.,
1600 Park it, Alameda, and room 8SS,
Parrott building, B. T.
Office open Sundays and evenings.
I100O— HAVE you seen
SUM these cottages near
$1500 schools and stations?
J2000 — 2-story, 7 rooms, windmill, «tc. : BOxlSO.
$2700— Modern 6 rooms; 60x148; near Morton
station.
$1200— Modern 7 rooms; stable, lawn, etc; lot
60x150; on Central ave.
Bargains in unimproved lots.
Furnished and unfurnished houses for rent.
Agency New York Underwriters, New Zea-
land, British America and London Insurance
companies.
CHARLES ADAMS & CO.,
Bay Station, Alameda,
BARGAINS for Investors.
Bargains for homeseekera.
Homes built on terms to suit.
Exchange for San Francisco property, cot-
tage (2 fiats) of 10 rooms; lot 25x130; half block
from station. ¦ •
Apply to G. R. DENKE, West Alameda
Real Estate Office. Webster . st. and Cen-
tral ave.
$4000— IP sold this week; actually worth $7000:
beautiful grounds; corner lot; $500 worth or
carpets go with this lovely 9-room house. ¦
We have fine properties of all kinds and lo-
cations for sale or rent. Call or write W.K.
CONGER & CO.. 1501 Park St.; phone Grand
178. , -¦.' ' -••¦¦,-•-•.-;-•'¦;/:;
$2750— 8-ROOM cottage on lot 50x150; beautiful
grounds; finest location In city; easily worth
. $4000. ' ¦ ¦ •'
$2000^-New 5-room colonial cottage; nicely
located; It will pay you to see us about tfcesa
and other bargains. >
OPEN STJNDATS.
HAMMOND & HAMMOND.
2326 Santa Clara ave., near Park st. . .
$4500— LOVELY view; 8 to 9 acres; Frultvale
Heights warm belt; half mile to electric cars;
good house; fruit; abundance spring water;
gentleman's -home or dairy; easy . terms. - A.
' G. BURNS & CO., 1501 Park St., Alameda..,
CALL and- get our prices. "We have anything
you want in homes, old "or : new. J. - H.
TOUNG. builder, 1248 Park st. :
$1250— SNAP; elegant -iew modern cottage; 4
rooms; fine location; near station and school.
A. G. BURNS & CO., 3501 Park it.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS ;t
. BERKELEY REAL ESTATE. j _
STOP paying rent ; we have Just completed * A
up-to-date cottages of 3, 4 and 6 rooms, porce-
lain baths, stationary washtubs, large pan-
tries, - patent closets, etc ; prices range from
$1350 to $1850; convenient to station. - electric p
cars, schools and churches, and within 10 min-
utes' walk of theNtniversity; terms, $75 down,
balance to suit purchaser. - 'Jr ','¦'
RUDOLPH, PERKINS & LYON, Lorln. .
NEW, neat, cozy cottage, 5 rooms, bath, large E
hall, pantry, folding doors, pretty wooden >'
mantel, tiled sink, porcelain bath, gas or elec- »
trie lights through the house, stationary wash- i
stand and tubs, hot and cold water, brick
foundation, high basement: lot 40x110; three £
blocks - from station, school, stores j and t *
churches; one block from electric cars; price P
$1800; only $100 cash, balance $17 monthly; D
stop paying rent and be your own landlord.
Take Berkeley train, get off at Lorin station; «
office west side of railroad track. _^ "
RUDOLPH. PERKINS & LYON. Lorln. , w
$2000— NEW 6-room cottage ; porcelain bath, n
.. tiled sink, stationary tubs, fine mantel; 1 b
block to station and electric cars; $100 cash, b
balance $20 per month. W. C. MORAN & c
CO.
. . s
$1200— 5-ROOM cottage; lot 100x120; fruit trees, e
berry vines, barn, chicken house, etc. ; 1
block to cars. , W. C. MORAN & CO. S
$750— 3-ROOM cottage: barn, chicken house., n
etc.; lot. 70x100; good well; $150 cash, balance
$10 per month. W. C. MORAN & CO. li
$2500-8-ROOM house; corner lot. 43x100; 2 £
blocks to cars; will trade for a ranch or
equal value or will sell : $100 down, balance j
$20 per month. W. C. MORAN & CO., / c
Lorln Station, or Schmidt block, Berkeley. 2
$3500— A "WELL appointed house of 7 rooms. "
electric lights, complete in every respect ; "
near the university. ' ¦ " . _
$1750— House of 5 rooms and bath; street n
•work all done; cars oass the door. ¦ ™
$2750-Fine 2-story house, new, large lot; 5 "
minutes' from station; on sunny side of street; a
thoroughly well built; worth seeing. . . _
$2500— 2-story house of 7 rooms; lot 50x130; c
street work all done; electric cars pass the e
door; easy terms. „««., 1
Apply to JOS. J. MASON. .6
Real Estate. Berkeley Station,
Adjoining Postofflce. z 1 .
— , _^___^—^— u
$5700— ELEGANT 10-room residence; sunny; e
view unsurpassed; lot 60x135; beautiful yard.
$2650-6-room cottage; 2 blocks from JJ C. „
grounds. Apply S. ¦ S. QUACKENBOSH. t
agt., opposite First National Bank. e
INVESTMENTS— New modern houses, near c
university; bonton neighborhood; paying 1
per cent monthly on price asked; only one-
third cash required; big bargain; investigate; ,
build to suit you and will buy lot In any -
location on Installments. H. B. PINNEY, E
11 Montgomery st., S. F., or Berkeley sta-
tlon. ' (
A SACRIFICE— Handsome cottage of 6 rooms f
and bath: high basement: lot 50x135; 2 blocks o
from Lorin station. -
$1100— A fine 5-room cottage, brick founda- c
tlor: good stable; lot 50x100: $100 cash, balance 4
to suit purchaser. C. NAMANNY, Lorin sta- r
tlon. _ ' r
FRDITVALE ADVERTISEMENTS \
— "r" e
FRCITVALB REAL ESTATE.
— -¦' I
H. A. PLETTNER. Fruitvale Station. Cal. «
For sale at a great bargain 2V, acres of rich *
soil; modern cottage of 4 rooms and bath, hall,
basement, etc.; large stable, chicken house,
flfce artesian well, windmill and tank; choice
fruit trees; price $2500; located near Mills Col-
lege; terms to suit.
$1500— Cottage of 5 rooms, basement and attic,
bath, etc.,' stable, chicken house, fine wind-
mill and tank; lot 50x125.
$1375— Choice bargain; new modern cottage of
4 large rooms and bath, high basement, good
brick foundation, closets, pantry, chicken
house, fruit trees; lot 125x150: all fenced; fine
location; Just the place for raising chickens.
$1250— Modern cottaec of 4 rooms and bath,
high basement: lot 35x115; fruit trees; located
in the best part of Fruitvale; only half a block
from Fruitvale ave.; easy terms if desired.
$1100— House of 4 rooms, stable, incubator
house, 10 chicken houses, large brooder house,
7 brooders, Incubator; lot 100x150; all fenced;
easy terms.
$1050— Bay-window cottage of S rooms and
basement; lot 100x150; stable and chicken
I houses, good w.ell. windmill and tank; must
be sold; an opportunity worth investigating.
$1050—5150 cash, balance same as rent; fine
modern bay-window cottage of 4 rooms, hall,
bathroom, etc., high basement, good brick
foundation: 4 blocks from local station; this
is a bargain. "r- • - ; : - -
$975— For sale. In East Oakland, modern cot-
tage of 4 rooms and bath, hall, basement, san-
: itary plumbing, etc.; 4 biocks from local train;
easy terms if desired. ;
$775— Cottage of 4 rooms, furnished, fruit
trees, chicken houses and .90 .chickens; city
! water: lot 40x135; all fenced; must be sold as
owner is going East.
$700— House of 4 rooms, stable and chicken
houses, 10 bearing fruit trees; lot 50x140; all
fenced. ¦
$650— Cottage of 3 rooms, large chicken house;
: lot 50x135; one block from Fruitvale ave. For
particulars apply to II. A. PLEITNEK, Fruit-
vale Station, Cal. '
SPECIAL. NOTICE— The Home Building Com-
pany has removed Its office to south side of
' railroad track on Fruitvale ave.
$1,000 — House of 4 rooms and bath; near sta-
tion; $100 cash, balance $12 60 per month.
> $800— House of 3 rooms; two lots; good loca-
• tion; 1 block from school; 3 blocks from
station; payments same as rent.
$900— House 5 rooms and bath; chicken
L houses, barn and good well ; . payments
I $12 60 per month ; no payment down.
$500— House 4 rooms; all plastered; large lot
. « and good well; no payment down; Just
: ¦ $7 per month.
I $1.200— House 7 rooms and bath; marble fire-
place; lot 72x122; only 4 blocks from sta-
tion: this is a bargain; no payment
; down; $16 80 per month.
; $2. B00— Beautiful 6-room house; modern In every
. • respect; In the center of Oakland; small
cash payment; balance same as rent.
Houses of all kinds for rent; money to loan,
l THE HOME BUILDING CO,
W. E, RTJDELL. South side of railroad,
$2000— FINE house of 7 large rooms, bathj
nice, lot; fruit, flowers; barn, chicken house
r and fencing; street work done; sewer per-
feot! sunny location: ten minutes to local
» station; close to »treet ear line, . ¦ *
s $1000 — 5-rnom cottage and bath, near local
station; a «nap; house cost tllOO.
8 Fop Investment, loo lot*, $35M, Tnvestlsata.
t> fuuitvalt: rksawy eo,.
• LQWIiY & BAXTON,
I) j> Frnltval» Button,
rt TWO "c hoi'ee^weU.Tocatf^iotP InDenverTCoUvl
a pout owner WOO tn ltf*. to exchange fer loin
or xmaii cottage In San Franelcoa or Oak-
a lanti; will r*y pnnh difference. PRATT, 1\
: OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
t OFFICE— 1118 t . BROADWAY. t
OAKLAND jnKAL ESTATE.
A CHANCE TO BPBCULAm
Choice Properties
For 8ale ii I '*'
WILLIAM b j[ DINQEa/
903 Broadway— Oakland.
800 feet fronting Eleventh ave., NB. corner
a of East 21st St.; macadamising, sewering and
t sidewalks all done; irlce only $10 per foot;
\ mortgage of $2500 has Just been paid.
L $2260— New modern \6-room cottage, with all
latest Improvements,', will be built on north
¦* side Seventh St., between Harrison and Alice,
0 on lot 25x100; overlooking Alica Park.
$3000— Nearly completed: fine modern house of
_ 6 large rooms, reception hall, cement basement.
large closet, open plumbing; • everything .the
best; lot 35x100; NE. corner 35th and Market
• sta.; go and see it at once.
$1800— Cheapest lot in Oakland; fine location;
t- north side 16th st., between Myrtle and Fil-
ls bert; adjoining "W. H. Chlckering's home; re-
duced from $3500. •. '^ '
i- $8500— One of Oakland's finest homes; very
prominent: NW comer; right In town; lot
100x100; houss of 9 rooms; beautiful grounds
— ample room for another house; lot alone worth
): $10,000. .'
$5600— Very fine home: In Vernon Height*: lot
>- 60x125; new house of S rooms; slate roof; large
Z. basement; owner going away.
$7500— Large home on 14th st., between Mar-
— ket and Adeline; • corner lot, 125x114; large
Jg house of 10 rooms; very cheap. •¦
20— ACRES— SO/
fr On electric line, this side of Mills Seminary;
89 Just the place for fine home; land slightly
rolling; fine view; must be sold; price only
$6500; $24,000 has : been refused for . this land:
HAVE YOU SEEN THEM.
71 Choice building, lots, -
.. Between Grove and San: Pablo ave. ..
-I 82d and 36th streets — street work all done.
[• Prices range from $12 50 to $17 50 per; foot;
any size desired; easy terms.
Z. Will build to suit on any lot there.
\g •Send for MaD.
WILLIAM J. DINGEB,
— " ' ' .. • ' 903 Broadway. : Oakland. ¦;
)1. FINE Oakland income property- rents $840; a
. . enap for quick buyers. Box 2218, Call,.Oakl'd.
/- . ¦ ¦ i .¦,¦¦.'
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS. ;
OAKLASD REAL ESTATE. • ~
AT 'AUCTION. . ¦ • , • .
1 At Auction I At Auction t At Auction! c
Bank Property Saturday, May 4, f 2 p. : m.,
.At Office.
-'./. Tour Rent Will Buy a Home. ¦ G
Payments Include Principal v and Interest— A .
Cleaning Up at Tour Own Price— At Less -
* Than Houses Cost. *
BERKELEY HOME; $200 cash, $20 mo.— 3023 "
Ellis st., nr/ Prince, bet. Lorin and Aehby sta- *
tions; modern 2-story colonial 7-room cottage; _
bath; 2 mantels; line order; 42x109; street. com- j
lilete.
GOLDEN . GATE OR LORIN STA. COT- -
TAGE, $150 each, $15 mo.— 1031 Sixty-third (or I
Felton) st., 2 blocks from San Pablo-ave. cars;
bay window, 5 rooms,- bath; brick- foundation; -
basement; nice order; 50x162. . ¦
LORIN STATION LOTS. $30 cash, $6 per _
month— North side Sixty-second (or Crawford) .
st., 2 blocks east San Pablo ave.. 2 lots, each :*
¦¦ .
GOLDEN GATE COTTAGE. $150 cash. $15
month— 1042 Fifty-third st. (or Mattie ave.). 8
blocks San Pablo cars; 6 rooms, bath; mantel;
brick foundation; stable, 40x109; newly painted;
choice neighborhood.
WEST BERKELEY LOT, $25 cash, $5 mo.—
South Bide Carrison (or Sixty-ninth). 291 feet
east San Pablo ave.; 33x126; adjoins nice homes.
NORTH OAKLAND LOTS. ?i0 cash, $5 mo.—
South side Forty-third st., 90 feet west Mar-
ket; 2 lots, each 50x100; nr. electric cars and
new ferry.
ALAMEDA COTTAGE. ?130 cash. J15 mo.—
1913 Broadway, 5 blocks of Park-st. local train;
cozy, home 6 rooms, bath; 50x125; shrubberies;
street complete; nice order. fj L*«L;
CHOICE CENTRAL EAST OAKLAND
HOME, $300 cash, $30 ma— 1380 Thirteenth ave..
corner East Eighteenth st.. near station; fine
2-story modern 9 rooms; 2 toilets; 3 mirror
mantels; fine furnace; fine gas fixtures; choice
neighborhood: first-class condition; extra built.
EAST OAKLAND COTTAGE. $150 cash. $lo
mo.— 957 East Twenty-first St.. near Nineteenth
ave.; bay-window 5 rooms, bath; lot 50x140;
newly painted; fronts electric cars; street mac-
adamized. • „..
TWENTT-THIRD-AVE. COTTAGE, $250
cash. $25 mo.— 1127 East Twentieth St., half
block Twenty-thlrd-ave. electric cars; modern
7 rooms, bath; fine order; beautiful view; near
station, churches, schools; 75x150.
¦ EAST OAKLAND COTTAGE, $100 cash. $10
mo.— 1007 East Twenty-third st.. nr. Twenty-
first ave.; plain 3-room cottage; good order;
elevated; 60x140; good neighborhood.
EAST OAKLAND COTTAGE. $125 cash. $12 50
mo.— 1004 East Twenty-second st., near Twen-
ty-first ave. ; cozy bay-window, 4 rooms,- base-
ment; brick foundation; 25x140; sightly; near
cars, school. __.
STORE AND FLAT, $200 cash. $15 mo.— 1570
and 1572 Twenty-first ave.; East Twenty-flrst-
st. cars half block; modern double bay-window
2-story; shelving, fixtures; flat 5 rooms; bath;
mantel; street macadamized; 27:6x125; see this.
TWENTY-THIRD-AVE. STATION COT-
TAGE, $150 cash. $15 mo.— 641 Kennedy st. ; sta-
tion 1 block; bay-window 6 rooms: bath; brick
foundation; macadamized; splendid home; good
order. _
E. O. CORNER LOT,- $50 cash. $5 mo.— NE.
cor. Fifteenth ave. and East Seventeenth St.;
42x90; near Thirteenth ave. station; nice Im-
provements. . ...
FRUITVALE STATION LOT, $50 cash. $s
mo.— S. s. Washington. 100 feet east Brandon;
25x125; 3 blocks of station.
TWENTY-THIRD-AVE. STATION LOT, $2o
cash, $5 mo.— North side East Ninth St., 225
I east Twenty-eighth av^ ; 1 25x100; near station,
electric cars. - „
ELMHURST COTTAGE, $150 cash. $12 50
mo.— First ave.. near Orchard;- 1 block electric
cars; power.- houses; 1 modern bay-window 5
rooms, bath; barn; 50x150.
ELMHURST COTTAGE, $150 cash, $12 50 mo.
Third st., near Jones ave.: new bay-window
6 rooms, bath; 40x125; cement walks.
ELMHURST LOT. $25 cash, $5 mo.— SW. cor.
Orchard st. and Third ave.; Stone Tract; 50x
140; 3 blocks cars; power house.
Remember date,
SATURDAY, May 4. 2 p. m.
Write for maps. Call and be shown properties.
LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE CO.,
Salesrooms 460 and 462 Eighth St., Oakland.
SNAPS ~~~
FOR SALE BY
GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO.,
1008 Broadway, Oakland.
$1000— Cottage of 4 rooms; high basement; lot
50x100- barn and well; close to San Pablo ave.;
bargain; on monthly payments; discount for
spot cash.
$1500— Eight rooms.
Close to Center station; sunny side, rents
for $12; street work complete ; stone walks;
close to school and churches; bank loan of
$1100; only $400 cash for a quick sale.
$2500— New home
On monthly payments.
Six rooms; open plumbing; latest style m
every particular; sunny side; walking distance
of cars and train; look at this pretty home
at once. ¦
$2750— Eastlake cottage
And lot 50x140 feet; floored high basement:
barn, flowers, shrubbery, stone walks, etc,;
sunny side; near San Pablo ave.; worth $3500:
will rent for $25; street work all done; forced
sale on account of mortgage.
Th m< nicest lot to be had; will build to suit
buyer on easy gg™"*^^ & ca#
Real Estate Brokers,
1003 Broadway, Oakland.
$25 CASH $10 monthly— Lot 100x200. fronting on
two streets; lot covered with fruit and shade
trees; city water: an ideal place for chicken
raising; finely sheltered; superb soil; away
from fogs and raw winds; adjoining East
Oakland; near a fine school and electric car
lines; price $590 all told. Call or send for cir-
cular, 455 Seventh st., opposite Broadway sta-
tion, Oakland, carriage free. H. Z. JONES,
Owner. _^___^_______
$75 CASH, $6 B0 monthly— Cottage of 3 'rooms:
hard finished; two nice lots, all fenced; fine
soil; level lots; grand view; climate the very
best: away from cold winds and fog; about
one hundred families located within S year3;
near 2 electric car lines: 90-foot boulevard; 3-
' story schoolhouse; adjoining East Oakland:
price In all $450. Call or send for circular. 455
Seventh St., opposite Broadway station, Oak-
land, carriage free. H. Z. JONES. Owner.
AN INVESTMENT OR HOME SNAP.
$3000 each — Two 2-story houses. 8 rooms;
good order; rents 120 and $22 50. worth $25;
each lot 28 and 83 feet; sure business proper-
ty; fronts main street; solid blocks of stores
within one block; must sell; see at once;
land worth more.
LAYMANC3 Real Estate Co..
460-462 Eighth St.. Oakland.
WEST OAKLAND— Bis bargain; lot 45x150,
with good two-Btory house of 7 rooms, bath-
. room, pantry; stable, windmill: house la in
good location and always rented: owner Is a
non-resident and has left Oakland: price
: $2350 and will make ea»y terms if desired;
thi« is the beat buy in We«t Oakland to-day;
between Center st, and Adeline, james 8.
NAISM1TH,_4M Ninth »t,
FOR sale at a, »ac>rtnee— A beautiful home of
1ft room*; modern In all details: stable an<
outnoueep; oerner let. MOxwo feet; variety of
terries ami fruit*} elevated around, and flne
view; »aertfleed on aeeount of departure from
Htate. W>r particular* apply to AWJrut
WU»MU>T. 1123 13th ave,, l*M)t Oakland.
IS3R0 BACH— Two new 8 room* ana bath eot-
tsgei en We.it «t., nr, Siths pa.n be purcha^i
on@a«y payment*; lots SSxUO eaeh; mu&t b«
seen te be anpreelatetl. Call er agrees A. J%
BNYPKK. 467 Mh it., Oakland. Cal.
OAKLAND yiHlMSHED IlOCSBg. .
ITS— ELEGANT IJ.room house: nn« Ideation
and grounds! billiard table: near train*.
127 KKCoUture, G rooms: n«wj nleely fur-
nished: central AUSTIN & CO., House Rent*
«ra. lfaW Droadwmy.
OAKLAND COTTAGE S TO LET.
$9-OAKLAND cottages, 4 rooms, bath, basj-
ment, large lot, city water. R. J. MONT-
GOMERY, r. 8, 4th floor. Mills bid*., 8. F.,
or A. J. SNTDER. 487 Ninth at.. Oakland
OAKLAND FLATS TO LET.
.^^«^~w» k> s — .¦ ¦ ; -
TIPPER flat, 6 rooms, bath, storeroom: mod-
ern; 2 blocks from Clinton station; rent
reasonable. 916 Fourth ave., Oakland.
OAKLAND STORES TO LET.
DENTISTS and physicians, attention— Com-
modious offices to let; best location; electric
elevator service. Abrahamson building, cor.
Thirteenth and "Washington sts., Oakland.
$10— OAKLAND corner store, with . 3 living
rooms; large yard and city water. R. J.
MONTGOMERY, r. 3. 4th floor Mills bldg..
S. F.. or A. J. Snyder, 467 Ninth St., Oakland.
OAKLAND ROOMS AN OJBOARp.^
TOURISTS, »o- to the Arlington Hotel: larga
sunny rooms; table unexcelled;- central; 9th &
"Washington, Oakland. U. W. WILLIS, Prop.
O A Iv L,.\ \ t* Fl KA ITl'Ki: FOB SALE.
XiTln^TOd^cHo^o^roTfMnT^C^cnellhaas, the
furniture dealer. 11th and ffiranklln. Oakland. -
J ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
A~FLAT~of~4' beautiful large rooms, wide hall,
stationary tubs, with bath, completely fur-
nished for housekeeping; gas and telephone;
new house: flne view; healthy location; In a
-'small ¦ private family; no ¦ children wanted;
• rent . reasonable. 4231 Twentieth. - nr. , Castro.
BIRCH ave., 617^-3 housekeeping rooma.
BRYANT, 546%— Back and front parlor and
use * of kitchen, bath and gas.
EDDY, * 743— One large alcove room and three
others; furnished or unfurnished. ; ¦
FELL. ,. SOfr— Furnished front room;, use ¦ oC
kitchen. ¦'. < " ¦'- '-'.¦¦ .". ¦
a FOLSOM, 834— Sunny housekeeping room; clos-
1. I eta; stove; bath; private; $6 month. '
ROOMS FOR HOPSKKECy CTq » '
GEARY. 824. near LarWn-4 unfurnished room*. '
alcove parlor; runny. *'
GEARY. 729, reai— 3 clean unfurnished sunny R
housekeeping rooms; yard. - ' ¦ .
GOLDEN GATE ave.. 6»-Snnny bay-window O
suite. 3 rooms, nicely furnished; gas. *»"»•_ A
GOLDEN GATBv 640— Sunny • corner s-lte,
. with kitchen; also "other rooms. - u
HAIGHT. 222—2 nicely appointed housekeeping M
rooms for couple; telephone; reference*.
HOWARD, 959-Front and back-room for J
men. $5 and $6 month; private family. __. E
LANGTON. 536H-S sunny, nicely faruisbed _,
rooms for housekeeping: private family.
LARK1N. 433-Nicely furnished housekeeping? u
rooms; reasonable. jj
MINNA, 172. near Third— Two newly fu •«jj» he ' 1
rooms for housekeeping; complete; laundry. aj
NATOMA. 701— Sunny housekeeping room«;
t man and j wife; • rent reasonable. ___
OAK. Ill— 3 rooms to let. single or for house-
keeping; complete; flrat floor; gas ranga.
OAK, 125— Two nicely furnished rooms for =
housekeeping; gas; bath; $16. j,
SIXTH, 242—2 or more rooms, suitable for K
housekeeping; other rooms without; reason-
able^ . .
TURK, 613-2 sunny furnished housekeeping >
rooms; gas range; running water in kitchen;
$12 per month. . D
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions _
received at Call branch office. 2200 FUlmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and 1
subscriptions has been established at 1098
Valencia st. " — *
ROOMS TO LET— Fnrn. and Pnfiirn. S
AHLBORN HOTEL. 321 Grant ave.— Best dol- s
lar a day family hotel In city; polite attend-
ance; large- rooms; modern conveniences: b
rooms 50c up; flrst-class meals 25c; free coacn.
A-BRUNSWICK HOUSE, 14S Sixth-Rooms %
¦ 23c to $1 per night: $1 25 to $3 per week, and -
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
BURNETT. 1426 Market (old No. 1364)— Fur- _
nished rms.. suites, single; also unfurnished.
CENTRAL House. 62 Second St.— Furnished
rooms from $1 to $3 per week. C
CLARA, 34— Large sunny front room, furnished;
also small room; private family.
DEVISADERO 1311%— 3 or 4 sunny handsomely £
furnished rooms for housekeeping: reasonable.
ELDER Room-renting Bureau, 22 Kearny st. —
Tel. Red 2334; rooms furnished or unfurnished. I
ELLIS, 637— Furnished room for gentleman,
$12 per month. / j
ELLIS 725— Sunny back room: quiat German I
family; $5 per month: gentlemen only.
GEARY, 1137— Newly furnished rooms; hot and
cold water; bath and phone. e
GRAND SOUTHERN, southeast corner Seventh,
and Mission sts. — Sunny rooms, en suite or
single; ladies' parlor; reading-room; elevator.
HARRISON. 1114, near Seventh— Handsomely
• furnished rooms; new house.
HOWARD, 728— Sunny rooms for 8. $8; single. :
$5; gas and bath.
HOWARD, 1604— Nicely furnished room; private
family; rent reasonable. . ¦
JESSIE. 363, near Fifth and Market— #*urnished
rooms, $4 and $3.
LARKIN, 804— Large sunny front room nicely
furnished; 1 or 2 persons; $11.
LASKIE, 9}_— 1 room furnished. $3 60 per
month. '
METCALF place, 10, near Mason St., off
G eary — Furnished rooms cheap.
MINNA, 267. bet. 3d and 4th— Furnished roomsV
to let, $3 per month and upward. •
MINNA, 667. corner Eighth— Newly furnished
bay-window room; $1 per week; transient.
NEW ARLINGTON, 1015 Market St.— Nicely
furnished rooms. $2 a week up; 35c a day up. ,
O'FARRELL, 20p-Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator; elec. lights; day, week, mo.
POLK, 717, near Eddy— Furnished sunny front
room with bath; $6. • '
POST, 627 — Large sunny front room, reasona- ,
ble; smbll sunny, closet, $1 23 week; private
family. ¦
ROSEDALE House. 319-321 Ellis St.— Rooms,
night. 25c to $1; week. $1 25 to $4; open night.
ROYAL House, 125 Ellis— Incandescent light;
reading-room, smoking room and ladles' par ;
lor; rooms, per night, 35c to $1 50; week. $2 to
. $8; month. $S to $30: elevator on ground floor;
rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
SHERMAN Apartment House. 2S Eighth St.,
near Market— Furnished or unfurnished.
SILVER, 127K near Third and Harrison — Sunr-
ny furnished rooms In private family; reas-
onable; bath.
SIXTEENTH, 2911— Large front furnished bed-
room and closet. '*.
THE Rlvere House. 118% Ellis at., having
changed hands, is being thoroughly renovated
and will be conducted as one of the most re-
spectable rooming houses In San Francisco:
rooms" $2 to $4 per week: transient. 50c to $1
per day. M. A. O'HANRAHAN. Proprietress.
THE Oxford. 271 O'Farrell— Suites and single
rooms from $3 up.
THIRD. 343%— Sunny furnished rooms, en suite
or single; $1 a week up; also housekeeping
rooms. _^____
VAN NESS, 930
Bachelors' apartments: elegantly furnished;
all south rooms; references.
WEBSTER. 519—3 nice sunny rooms, furnished
or unfurnished, to let.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore st.
ROOMS AND BOARD.
AT summer rates: attractive rooms: special
table; wine dinners. S07 California it.
BUSH. 1103—3 nicely furnished single sunny
rooms; good table; billiards; moderate.
CALIFORNIA. 2223— Sunny rooms, with board:
priva te family.
HAYES. 671— Nice front room with board for
gentlemen or young lady; private family;
rent reasonable,
HOTEL FranKlln, cor. Market and Franklin—
Beat suites and table board for price In city.
LRAVENWQRTH, 1109 — Lares sunny room,
overlooking harbnr; handsome grounds; «xc*l.
lent board; references
ROOMS AND IIUiVHU WANTED,
TWENTY-FIRST, 3S7S, nw auarrero-FVlt.
nUhefl. rooms, with flmt-dan board: prtvm*.
YOUNO man d«nlr*« b.wr4 »n4 re«jn In prt-
vMe family; ttat» price. Etax 8S!X>, C-U.
ROOMS WANTED.
WANTED— 3 er S unfurnished hovmefcttptns;
rooms for I adults la Western Addition.. .Hot
ii?8, CeJl etflec.
YOUNO laajr employ** durin* day wanU a
ream: ttnte terms. Bo* XtiX Call otfle*.
—~~~ SPECIAL NOTICES. ~~
t>ADIK8~Chtchesttr EnulUh Pennyroyal Pills
are the best: safe, reliable: take no other:
¦end 4o stamps for particulars; "Relict for
Ladles" In letter by return mall; at drug-
gists. Chlcheater Chemical Co.. Phllad.il.. Pa.
A PHTBICTAN making a specialty of dia-
betes desires a few more patients. Address
box 2305, Call office. i
BAD tenants ejected fcr $4: collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION CO..
415 Montgomery St.. rooms 9-19: tel. B580.
MATERNITY HOSPITAL. 937 Market St.— La-
oIps dur'nir pnn«n«n>ctit w. i« rf«v«* r»ar». «20.
SEWING MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
ALL kinds bought, sold and repairing guaran-
teed. Charles Plambeck, 1915 Mission, nr. lath.
ALL kinds bought. soM. rented, exchanged, re-
paired; open even.; phone Black 1124. 20S 4th.
BOUGHT, sold, rented, repaired; needles and
shuttles; reduced rates. 14S 6th: phone Mint $.
storage: and warehouses.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co.,
office, Post and Powell sts.; tel. Main 5713.
__ BEKINS Van and Storage Co., 722 Mission st. ;
-* teL Main 1840; shipping at cut rates. ¦
— PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
•• pany, 2320 Flllmore ot.; phone Jackson 281.
= GOLDEN WEST Storage Warehouse. 840 Mis-
sion St.: tel. Mint 1S?L F. W. ZEHFUSS.
T. TO -.EASB.
e; LOVe£y"hOMEI " "" *~~"
a To lease for & long term to responsible
i: party,. 40 acres of best land, good locality In
°- Santa Cruz County: only half a mile from
. depot; consisting of about 25 acres of best
wine grapes and baiance best fruit; apples,
_ cherries, plums, -etc; lovely cottage, fur-
id nished, also horses, carriage, phaeton, etc.;
also fine winery and cooperage for 30.000 gal-
— Ions. Box 3841. Call of flee. -!,..-
69 —
_ TYPEWRITERS AXD SUPPLIES.
GREAT BARG^mS*~IN~TTPEWMTERS^W^
— sell better machines for less money than any
s- house In the city; rentals, $3. The Typewriter
Exchange, 536 California; telephone Mala 268.
jffABBIAGE LICENSES.
The following manla«» license* w«r« Issued
yesterdays
Joseph R. Grnbb, O. .460 Waller street, * ud
Emily M. Andrews 23. 1316, Kansas street.
Ncel Abbadle. S3. 278 Shipley street, and
Catharine Flechot. 25, 439 Bush street.
Frank Balassa, 23, 2 -Grant place, and Mamlt
A, Smith, 28. Oakland. . .. _
Edward Schlelke. 29. Fort Point, and Mar-
tha Yoenr. 25. 2269 Filbert street.
Denis O'Donosrhue, 28, Jerome. Art*-* * na
Margaret CConnor. 24. Marshfleld. Or.
Dalton C. Whlteaker. 21. Berkeley, and Tlllle
L. Carstens. 20. 1932 Market street.
Charles Prodger. 28. 123 Second street, and
Ella Smith, 16. 123 Second street.
Lewis L>. Macy. 33, Carters, and Marie XL ,
Elnfeldt. 27. 474 Jessie street.
August H. Pape, 29, 2121 Leavenworth street,
and Clara Seller. 29, r» Clinton Park.
Jacob Alcaraz, 33, 4 Dawson place, and Ellgla
E. Contreras. 24, 4 Dawson place.
Thomas C. Hewton. 37. 133A Fourth street.
and Elizabeth Meyer. 23. Sacramento.
BIRTHS— MBHAGES—flEATHSL
Birth, marriajEe and death notices sent fcf
mail will not be Inserted. They must be handed
In at either of the publication offices and ba
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BOBJT.
ANDERSON— April 12. 1301. to the wtto of
E. C. Anderson, a daughter.
BABIN— In this city, April 13, 1901. to the wife
of N. C. Babln. a son.
DON'OVAN-In this city. April 18. 1901. to tha
wife of James M. Donovan, a daughter.
McCAFFERY— In this city. April 13. 1901. to
the wife of Hugh McCaffery. twin sons.
MINTFIE— In this city. April 12. 1301. to the-
wife of G. H. Mlnlfle. a daughter.
ROBINSON— In this city. April 8. 1901. to tha
wife of Ernest A. Robinson, a daughter.
SANDER-In this city. April 18, 1901, to th»
wife of C. Sander, a son.
SOHER- April 19. 13C1. to th» wtf» of Emll*
Soher. a daushter.
VON KIUKAN-In this city. April 13, 1901. to
the wife of W. Esters von Krakan. a son.
MARRIED.
FULLERTON-BBCKEB-Ia Oakland. . March.
25. 1901. James E. Fullerton of Iowa and Eu-
genia S. M. Becker of San Franclsca
GRANDEMAN-MEXKE-In this city. April
17 1901. by the Rev. John Stephens. H. I*.
William Grandeman and Augusta A. Menke,
both of Ban Francisco.
HOFMEISTER — MAYNARD — In this city,
April 13. 1901, by the Rev. John Stephens.
Hleronymus C. Hofmelster and Laura J.
Maynard. both of San Francisco.
PBODGER-SMITH-ta. this ««*•-,-*«",».
1901. by the Rev. Dr. John A. B. Wilson,
Charles Prodger and Ella Smith, both of Saa
Francisco. -.. £¦£ '
ROSEVEARE— COX-I» this city. Aprti 20>
1901. by the Rev. Dr. John A. ©.^Wilson.
Irwin Aubrey Rosevear* of San Francisco
and Myrtle Mary Cox of Oakland.
fiCHNOOR-RANSOM-In this city, AdtII tf,
1901. by the Rev. Dr. John A. B. Wilson.
Christian Henry Schnoor and Matilda Unity
Ransom, both of San Francisco.
WHITLOCK-KCNDE— In this city, April 20,
1S01. by the Rev. Dr. John A. B. Vi ilson.
William F. Whltlock of San Francisco and
Martha Rose Knnde of Kansas City.
_____ ¦nrp.Ti
Bruker. Francis G. Jones. Edward
Cota, Ramon Krausch. Katherin*
Dietrich, Louise Lammers. Johanna
Doane. Mlcah Lammers (lnfanO
Dodd, Fredrick Landram. Lucy A.
Dolan, Mary Lynch. John
Dowllnsr. Frances. Lynch. Michael
Edelmann. Carl J. McCarthy. John
Fagan, Maria McCormick. Sister
Falls, Stephen D. Mary Raphael
Ferber. Charles cCu , rdy t DavW r ,
Ferris. James J. Mackie. Louise E.
Fullum. Kata Maschendorf.Diedrlc-k
Glynn. John - Oliver. William A.
Habermacher, Ferdi- Rich. Mrs. Amalla
nand Richards. William
Hannan. "Wmiam D. Eoblnson. Lottie Z.
Hare. Stanislaus D. Robinson. Dotla
Hlllmann. John Walter. David P.
Hume, Joseph. ____
BRCKER-In this city, April ». 1801, Fraud*
G. Bruker. beloved husband of May F.
Bruker. and father of Frankio H. and Rob-
ert E. Bruker. a native of Bordentown. N.
J., aged 35 years and 7 month*. (New Jersey
papers please copy.)
E-TNotice of funeral hereafter.
COTA— In South San Francisco, April IP, 1901.
Ramon Cota. dearly beloved son of Michael
and Monella Cota, and beloved brother of
Mrs. C. Sanches, Mrs. R- Rojas. Mrs. F.
Vantor Borden. Michael Jr., Josephine. Ton/.
Rosle and Annie Cota, a native of San Fran-
Cisco, aged 2 months and 13 days.
DIETRICH-In this city, April 18, 1901. Louisa
Dietrich, beloved mother of Mrs. H. HeM*-
mann. Mrs. J. TIedemann and Carl, Frank.
Herrman, Otto and Albert Dietrich, a nativa
of Pommem, Germany, aged 70 years s
months and 15 days.
(T-TFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend th» funeral this day
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from the residene*
of her daughter, Mrs. H.* Heidtmann. 214 1 *
Flllmore street, near Halght. Interment
Mount Olivet Cemetery.
DOANE— In this city. April 19. 1901, Mlcah.
beloved husband of Elizabeth C Doane. a
native of Massachusetts, aged 66 years.
ICTTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 2 o'clock, from the Masonio
Temple, corner Post and Montgomery streets,
under the auspices of Mount Moriah Lodge
No. 44. F. and A. M. Interment Laurel Hill
Cemetery.
DODD— In this city. April 17. 1901. Fredrick
Dodd, beloved husband of Mary E. Dodd. a
native of England, aged 49 years U months
and 7 days.
- iT-TFriends. acquaintances and members of
TJnitv Lodge No. 61. K. of P.. Court Justlca
No 16, F. of A., and Redwood Camp No. 91.
Cr\V of "W., are respectfully Invited to attend
the funeral this day (Sunday), at 2 o'clock,
from Pythian Castle. 909 Market street, near
Fifth where services will be held under aus-
pices of the Uniform Rank. Knishts of
Pythias. Interment private. Please omit
flowers. Remains at the funeral parlors of.
Charles H. Jacob & Co.. SIS Mason street,
between O'FarreU and Geary.
DOLAN— In this city. April 19. 1901. Mary, be-
loved wife of John Dolan. and loving mother
of Anna A.. John J.. Nellie B. and James M.
Dolan and Mrs. R. P. MeriUlon. a native o<
County Roscommon. Ireland, aged 63 years 3
months and 4 days.
E-TFrienda and acquaintances are respect,
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 9 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 17 California avenue, thenco to St.
Paul's Church, where a solemn requiem mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
commencing at 9:30 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
DOWUNG— In this elty, April 19. 1801. Stan-
ces, beloved daughter of John T. Powllnr.
a native of 8an Francisco, aged It years t
months and 11 days.
!ET Frlendi and acquaintances ar« reapect.
fully invited to attend th» funeral this day
(Sunday), at 3 o'clock, from th« parlors oj
J, C. O'Connor A Co,, 797 Mtaslon street.
Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
EDELMANN-In this Hty, April 1*. 1901. Owl
J,, elilrt.t arnl beloved aen at Matthiaa A.
and Mar»»r»»h» Krteimann, • w "* *w°Uv»r «<
Mrs, A. W. Uorener* «n>l Qaeiir and A4at<»
Kiloimann. a native of Ban Pr&neUca. »«94
S3 year* U mentht M\4 t3 days,
B7l l *rt«nrta and m>.iiMlnUit.-M ar« r«SQ«Qt«
fully Invtua to fttt«n4 th<» fuB«r<U this &*r
(Sunday), at 1 .t'.-uvh, from hl» Uta msw
denp«. J33 tM«w» ttrMt, near !UI«h«, th«ne*
to NaUv« «.«)•' 1UII. 4H M«on stwrtt. wh«r#
Mrvteca will b« h4la umier tho »u«ple«a ot
NUntto Parlor No, IOC N. 8. O, V£. «ej-
n\*nctn« «,t I o'clock. Interment t. o. o. r.
Ctmtttry. \
FAOAN-In thti ettr. APjtJ U, 1901. MATla.
bdloved «lit«r of llo*« VigAtx and th* lat*
Patriot r«in, a nativ* ot County Loagford.
Xwlanrt. aged BJ years.
tyTh# funeral will tak« pUed tomorrow
(Monday), at 1:13 o'clock, from her Ut» rest*
d«nce, 27 Rlngold strv«t, b«tw««n Eighth and
Ninth, thenes to St. Mary's Cathedral, when
a reauiem high mass will be celebrated for
the renose of her soul at 10 o'clock. Inter*
ment Holy Cross Cemetery.
FALLS— In this city, April 19. 1901. Stephen
D. Falls, a native of Maine, aced SO years
and 1 month.
C7Friend3 are Invited to attend the fun«ra|
this day (Sunday), at 10:M o'clock, from
the carlors of Halsted & Co.. MS Mission
street. Interment private. No flowers.
" FERBSR-In Oakland. April IS. 1901. Char>s
Ferber, a member of Ernest von Bandel
Lodge No. J. Order of Hermann's Sons, and
a veteran of the Civil War. a native of Ger-
many, aged 70 years.
¦ cyFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
this day (Sunday), at 2 o'clock, at the par-
lors of Brown. 463 Thirteenth street,
Oakland. Interment Mountain View Ceme-
tery.
: FERRIS— In thto city. April 14. 1901, Junes J.
1 Ferris, a member of Bald Easle Tribe No.
75, Improved Order of Red Men. and Local
Longshoremen' 8 Protective Association No.
228. a native of Canada, aged 38 years 1
month and 1 day.
, Cy Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from Alcazar Hall.
» 120 O'Farrell street, under the . auspices of
Bald Eael* Tribe No. 75, Imp. Order of R.
M.. and Local Longshoremen's Protectlx*
Association. Interment Mount Olivet CemP
tery. Remains at ths California Undertak-
ing Company, 405 Powell street, near Post.
FULLUM— In this city. April 18. 1901. Kate.
• beloved wife of John Fullum. daughter of
Cornelius and the late Mary Catherine Mc-
Auliffe, and sister of Cornelius, Annie and
Contlnned on Paga Thirty-Two.
a KENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.
, <¦ (Successor to Flannagan & Gallagher.)
1 DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mgr.
. FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMEM;
_ . 80 Fifth st.. opposite Lincoln School.
-____j_ Telephone South 80.
m -. .. —^—^-—^^— »^— .—^— —^~—
Eugene McGinn. McGINN BROS.
Funeral Directors and Embalmers.
Z _ , SI EDDY. STREET.,
* Telephone South 252. San FrandaoOk
• u No Connection With Any Other Hcxasv.THE STOCK MARKET.
SAVINGS BANKS.
German 1830 TJOO \ Sav & Loan... — '" —
Humboldt. — — Security 275 — .
Mutual- 50 — Union Trust... — ¦ —
S F Sav U....515 —
Anglo-Cal .... 72}£ — Lon P & A... .147 —
Bank of Cal. .406 — Mer Ex (Hq).. 16 —
Cal Safe Dep..l(?5%lC6 S F National. — 125
1st N Of S F..310 315 -
. INSURANCE STOCKS.
Tlrem'S' Fund. 232% — . I
BANK STOCKS.
Cent L & P... 3 — Pac Lt Co.... 43% 43%
Equit Gas .... 3U 3% Sac E G & R. — —
Mut El Lt.... 4U >- S F G & E... 44% —
O G L & H.. 50 50% San Francisco. 4% 4%
Pac Gas Imp.. 39U — Stktn O & E. — 14
GAS AND ELECTRIC STOCKS.
Contra Costa.. 73% 74U I Spring Valley. »1% 93
Marln County. 53% — I
WATER STOCKS.
Bid. Ask. I -BloLAsk.
4s coupon ....113%U3T 8 4s coup (new).139%140
4s registered.. 113%U3'!4 1 3s quar coup..lll%112
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Bay C P C 5s.lO3% — Oak W Co 6s.l02%102%
Cal-st Cab 5s.ll7 — Oceanic SS 5s.lO3tf —
C C Water 5s. 110 — Om C R 6s 126 —
E L & P 6s...l28%133Vi Pac G Imp 4s. — —
F & Cl Ry 6s.. 115 — Pk & Cl R 6s. 105 —
Geary-st R 5s. — — Pk & O R 6s. .117 —
Haw C 5%s...lO6% — Powell-st R 6sl20 —
Haw-C. 5s 102% — S E O & R 5s — 101
L A R R 6S..113 114 S F & SJV 5s.ll8% —
L AL Co 6s.. — 102 S R of Cal 6s.U0 —
Do gntd 6s>'. — 104 S P of A 83 ¦
Do gntd 5s. .100 102 (1909) 113 —
LAPRR 5s.l02% - Do (1910) ....U3%114H
r>o 1st C 6s. .101 — S P C 6s (1905.
Market-st C6s — 117% Series A>....106% —
Do 1st C 6s. 122^123 Dof Series B)107%, — .
N C N G R 7s — 113% Do (1906) 110 —
N R of Cal 68.113 — Do (1912) .... — —
N R of Cal 5S.119 — S P C 1st g 5s.l06% —
N P R R 6s. .102%— S P Br R 6s. .133 —
N P R R 5s..l08?i — S V Water 6s.H3 113%
NCR. 6s.... -.111% — , Do 4s 103%104
O G L & H 5s.U0% — Do 3d mtg..lO2% —
Oak Tr Co 6s.U5 116 Stkn G & E 6s.lOO —
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Sales on the Producers' Oil Exchange last
week were 61,906 shares, valued at $45,947, the
leading sales being as follows: California
Standard, 6200 shares; Oil City, 2800; Inde
pendence, 2000; Four, 3500; Home, 3125; Occi
dental, 1300; Corona, 6000; Wolverine, 1050;
Petroleum Center. 11,950; McKittrick. 2347;
Monarch. 8430; Caribou. 2750; Bear Flag. 3700;
Lion, 3500. ¦ *
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
1 . * SATTTRDAT, April JO— 12 m.
The following were ex-dividend: California
Fruit Canners', 60c; Central Light and Power.
4c; Hutchlnson Sugar, 20c; Spring Valley
Water, 42c; Continental QH, 3c; Home Oil. 10c
Alaska Packers' was the active stock on the
Bond Exchange, advancing from $127 50 to
$130 25 under free sales. Contra Costa Water
also sold well at $73@74, an advance, and
Makaweli was firmer at $41. Otherwise busi
ness was light. - ..
There was no change worthy of note 'In the
oil Etocks. ¦ ¦ ¦ • -. .¦ • .. ¦
LOCAL MARKETS.
NEW YORK. April 20.— FLOUR— Receipts,
15,166 barrels; exports, 72,083 barrels; Inactive
but firm.- .
WHEAT— Receipts,: 100,700 . bushels; exports.
113, C62 bushels; spot, firm; No. 2 red, 79@79T4o
f. o. b. afloat; No. 2 red, 76%c elevator; No. 1
Northern Duluth, 86%c f. o. b. afloat; No. 1
hard Duluth, 89%c'f. 0. b. afloat. Options
opened steady and later advanced, a little on
local covering, steadiness west and continued
cold weather in winter wheat sections. Closed
firm, %c net advance: May, 77%@77 7-16c, closed
at 77%c; July, 76%@76^c, closed at 76T4c; Sep
tember. 75 13-16® 76c. closed at 76c. - - .
HOPS— Quiet.
" HIDES— Firm.
"WOOL— Quiet. •¦-".<
., COFFEE— Spot Rio, easy; mild dull. Futures
closed barely steady, with prices net un
changed. Total sales, . 16,500 bags, including
May, $5 05; July, $5 25; September, $5 30@5 40;
October, $5 4O#5 45; December, $5 60; March,
$5 806-5 85. • -: - . . -
SUGAR— Raw, stronr: molasses • Bugar,
S 7-16c. Refined, firm, . . . ¦ •;
New York Grain and Produce.
NEW YORK. April 2O.-The week of the
largest transaction of stocks In the Exchange s
history closed with the inevitable spurt of
pr£e7and natural pressure of liquidating
sal-s at the high level. The ra»ld *P™**
course of prices at the close yesterday brought
[n The «P*cted horde of "f-MjljW tUi
morning and tne professionals added their er
f^rtTto the excited demmnd of the outsider, > to
make opening price* as high as possible. The
«cult vas some wide spreads In prices and
Rested buying orders in the favorite stocks,
r^tfwy St Paul and Union Pacific. Fpecinc
denials were put out of the projected combina-
S« of Northwestern and Union Pacific to off
set the Burlington deal, so the speculators sub
stituted St. Paul for the former and found it
lust as eft ectlve in attracting demand for the
etock. The manipulation In St. Paul was
a vinous effort to rally the market from the
decline which it had fallen as a result of
fyl rnwleldv mass of realizing sales whici
were Sown upon the market en the opening
bulge The effort wa» successful in only a few
etocks and the undertone nx tne close was dls
tin^tlv easy and chowed some rather violent
breakJ in recent speculative favorites. A sur
vo- of net remilts shows that the persistent
Strength was confined to St. Paul, Union and
Southern Pacifies. Missouri Pacific. Texas and
Pacific the loc»r transactions and some of the
ing had evidently been discounted and the boll-
M STteSSM «ntfy S £0^^
* ?g l tor trfwo tu™ of trading were
SeelS lales a^regated 10.018,400 shares, which
'Tnother speculative
Jon i wlich wae accorded weak «»»*»«£
market. As a consequence inany^ °^ he hi pl ™
cipal active stocks have touched price s h igher
tan ever before In their history and the \oi
ume of business has continued on a daily scale
near to record levels. Confirmation has been
given to several important projects which *u_e
been in the field of surmise up to this time
for a large proportion of the most
ulators in the stocks affected, thus resoMn.
the occasional spasms of doubt w . hlc . h J^ v^Ji n I
settled the speculation from time to time. There
have been added a constant crop of new^"JF 0 ™
which are entirely without official °J f " th ?, ri _
tative confirmation, but which are rece hed I with
eager credulity by the speculative world, owing
to the final confirmation given to rumors in the
former cases. The most important subject fin
ally removed from controversy and dieaute is
the Burlington deal. Wall street has not wav
ered in lu conviction of the existence : of this
project for some time past, but there ha^e been
rears of a hitch which sent many tremors
among speculators and versions of the terms
of the deal have differed from time to tlrne.
The official announcement of terms cUes : a
more etable basis for the trading In the
stocks affected. The settlement of the wape
dispute with the steel workers at McKeesport
has relieved an underlying apprehension of de
structive contest with widespread collateral
effects, which would nave hurt property 7* 1 ?"
not only of the United States Steel Corporation
but of many other properties. The oOer of. a
banking firm in Boston to recelv* deposits or
New York Stock Market.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat- . Mar-' July-
Opening.. ....... 5 8% 5 9%
Closing 5 8%. 5 9%
PARIS. •
Wheat— • • ' April. May- Aug.
Opening .18 45 18 95
Closing 18 45 . 18 95
Flour —
Opening - .•••• 22 85 23 70
Closing (..;;...:...:. 22 85 23 70 j
Bank Clearings. :
The local bank clearings for "the ' past, week
were $25,237,560, against $17,365,957 for, the same
week last year. ; i *
: Chicago Livestock Market, i, :
- ¦ ____- v ' ¦ - s - .
CHICAGO.' -April 20.— CATTLE— Receipts,
200. Nominally steady. ' Good to prime steers,
$5@6; poor to medium, $3 90@4 95; stockers and
feeders, $2 75@4 90; ..cows, $2 80@4 60;' heifers,
$2 85@4 85; canners, $2 10@2 75; bulls, $2 75@
4 30; calves, $4@5; Texas fed steers, $4 25@5 35;
Texas grass steers, $3 50@4; Texas bulls, $2 75
@3 85. ¦
HOGS— Receipts to-day , . 13,000 ; Monday, 25,
000; estimated left over," -3000; easier; top, .$6 10;
mixed and butchers',- ¦ $5 75@6 07%;, good to
choice heavy. $5 90®6 10; rough heavy, $5 75®
5 85; light/ $5 65@5 95; bulk of sales, $5 85@6.
SHEEP— Receipts," 8000. Sheep -and lambs,
steady; shorn lambs, up to. $5 20; export sheep
up to $5; good to choice wethers, $4 75@5; fair
to choice mixed, $4 40@4 70; Western sheep,
J4 65@5; yearlings, • $4 75@5; native lambs, $4 65
@5 35; Western lambs, $4 90@5 35.
New. York Cotton Market.
NEW YORK. April 2a— The cotton market
opened quiet and firm, with prices. 5<§>7 points
higher on general buying. Trading for the
most part this morning was 6@8/ points above
last night By 10:30 o'clock the market was off
several points from the top under profit taking
and increased rumors of a sharp decline. The
market closed with prices 7 points to 8 points
lower. : ' . , . " .> . .
New York Metal Market.
NEW YORK.t April 20.— Owing to the heavy
arrivals of tin during the past week bearish
convictions predominated and to-day the mar
ket was depressed, with buyers holding off in
anticipation of further^concession* In price.
The close was : about $26. Lead was Inactive
and unchanged. .Spelter was quiet and steady
at $4@4 05. Copper quiet and unchanged. Pig
iron unchanged. ;-•¦¦" • , .
: Imports at New York.'
NEW YORK, April 20.— The Imports for the
week were: Dry goods and merchandise, $12,
534,444; gold, $24,967; silver." $41,194. .; »
Exports and Imports.
NEW -YORK, April 20.' — Exports -of gold and
silver " from . this port to all countries for this
week aggregate $833,613 silver bars and coin
and $2000 gold. ¦;-. ./ '-¦¦ ; " s ,
Foreign Markets. , '
LONDON, April 20.— Consols, 95; silver, 27%d.
LIVERPOOL, April 20.— Wheat, , quiet ; No. 1
standard California. 6s l%d@6s 2d; wheat in
Paris, weak: flour in Paris." weak, .r
COTTON — Uplands, 4 21-32d.
CLOSING. . *
WHEAT— Spot, dull;- No. 2 red Western, Bs
10%d- No. 1 Northern spring. .6s %d; No. 1
California, 6s l%d. Futures, dull; May. 5s 8%d;
July, 5s 9%d. , • • • .
CORN— Spot, firm; American mixed new, 4s
l%d : \ do old, 4s 2%d, Futures, steady; • May,
4s%d; July. 3s ll%d; September, 3s ll^d.
Portland's Business.
' PORTLAND. '• April J.20. -Clearings, $258,223;
balances, $60,225. \ ' ! ' -.
Northern Wheat Market. " ,_
Ifgljp-; /• OREGON; \- '
POR.TLANTV 'April 20.— WHEAT— Walla
™^ K r ..WASHINGTON. *
TACOMA; April 30.— WHEAT— Quiet and un
changed ; bluestem, 69c ; club. 56%c.
The ship Margaretha cleared to-day for
Europe with 119,868 bushels of wheat. -
EASTERN MARKETS.
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
67; minimum, 45; mean, 61. ¦
Generally cloudy weather prevails over the
country west of the Rocky Mountains. Light
rain hae fallen from the vicinity of Cape Men
docino northward along the coast and over
Washington and Oregon.
The pressure ha* risen rapidly along the
Pacific Blope and fallen over the Missouri Val
ley An area of high pressure Is central this
evening off the coast of Northern California.
The temperatur* has fallen decidedly over
Oregon, Eactern Washington, Western Nevada
and Northeartern California. It hats risen over
the Rocky Mountain region.
Conditions are favorable for fair weather In
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight, April 21:
Northern California— Fair bunday; light
n °6^S» ouiromla-rwr Sunday; light west
Partly cloudy Eunday; cooler.
Utah— Showers In north portion; fair In
eouth portion Sunday; cooler.
/S unday;
Forecast Official.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Shares Closing
Sold. Stock— Bid.
41,400 ' Atchison .'... 70V4
13,600 Atchison prefd *..... 97%
3L00O Baltimore & Chio 98^4
COO Canadian Pacific 98
4.100 Canada Southern 76
17.600 Chesapeake & Ohio 4S%
1.S00 Chicago Great Western 22%
13,800 Chicaco, Burlington & Quincy 193
1,200 Chicago, Ind & Louisville 38V4
500 Chicago, Ind & Louisville prefd 71%
11.300 Chicago & Eastern Illinois 129Vi
1,700 Chicago & Northwestern 204%
19,600 Chicago, Rock Island & Pacific 155H
LCOO C C C & St Louis 87T4
8,300 Colorado Southern 14^
6.400 Colorado Southern 1st prefd 50%
3,700 Colorado Southern 2d prefd 24V4
4,100 Delaware & Hudson 179%
1,200 Delaware, Lack & Western 221
2,100 Denver & Rio Grande 46
6,200 Denver & Rio Grande prefd 95%
13,400 Erie 39%
l.:>00 Erie 1st prefd 70%
1,000 Great Northern prefd 182
400 Hocking Coal 20
200 Hocking Valley 53
4,100 Illinois Central 141?*
Iowa Central S2V4
200 Iowa Central prefd 62>£
400 Lake Erie & Western 67»4
200 Lake Erie & Western prefd 129%
Lake Shore 230
7,H>0 Louisville & Nashville 106%
29,700 Manhattan Elevated 129%
15.900 Metropolitan Street Railway 173%
1,200 Mexican Central 23
600 Minneapolis & St Louis 84
SCO Minneapolis & St Louis prefd 112%
36,800 Missouri Pacific 107%
Mobile & Ohio 82%
46,700 Missouri. Kansas & Texas 34
6 900 Missouri, Kansas & Texas prefd.... 67
1.200 New Jersey Central 156
8,700 New York Central 153%
' 9,400 Norfolk & Western 56%
•. Norfolk & Western prefd 86%
14.S00 Northern Pacific 102%
3.900 Northern Pacific prefd 98U
8.S00 Ontario & Western 30%
Oregon Railroad & Navigation 42
Oregon Railroad & Nav prefd 76
17.900 Pennsylvania 160%
2.000 Reading" , 37 •
5.500 Reading 1st prefd .6%
6,800 Reading 2d prefd 53%
Rio Grande Western 79
200 Rio Grande Western prefd 102
TOO Pt Louis & San Francisco 45%
600 St Louis & San Fran 1st prefd 84%
2 COO St Louis & San Fran 2d prefd....... 69H
l'cOO St Louis, Southwestern 3S;4
1,000 St Louis, Southwestern prefd 66
169.600 St Paul ••.: 169?4
3 600 Et Paul prefd 195
. Pt Paul & Omaha: 139
39.700 Southern Pacific 48%
37,600 Southern Railway 30%
11.000 Southern Railway prefd... 83%
23 600 Texas & Pacific....... 46v»
103.200 Union Pacific 100%
14 SCO Union Pacific prefd 88V4
3,'l00 Wabash 20%
26,200 Wabash prefd .^....... 41
200 Wheeling & Lake Erie 19.
E00 Wheeling & Lake .Erie 2d prefd 35 ,
*00 "Wisconsin Centra! 1 20
300 Third Avenue 126^i
S 600 Baltimore & Ohio prefd 92%
National Tube. t. r 66%
"" . National Tube prefd, t. r 118
....... Express companies—
.... Adams : 170
100 American 203
700 United States. ............ 90
. • *Wells-Fargo • • 148
*".-,-¦¦¦ Miscellaneous—^ "*'''-'--«;;,
2 500 American Cotton Oil 28%
100 American Cotton Oil prefd........... 86
.... American Malting 6
American Malting prefd 25
'hi'veto American Smelt & Refining ; 67%
American Smelt & Refining prefd... 98%
..:!r American Spirits
... American Spirits prefd. .17
American Steel Hoop, t. r 46%
American Steel Hoop prefd. t. r....,95
; American Steel & Wire, t. r........ 48
—"" Arnercan Steel & Wire prefd. t. r..ll0%
American Tin Plate, fcr..... 76-
The easier tone of foreign money markets
also helped to relieve the pressure on New
York fcr gold. All of the great foreign banks,
the banks of England and France and the
Imperial Bank of Germany, « show notable re
cuperation of reserves this' week, apparently
in preparation for the placing of the new issue
of British consols. British financial authori
ties have been congratulating themselves that
the recuperation of New York banking reserves
has been with the same object. But the eager
speculators in the stock market obviously do
not »hare this view and they continue their
insatiable demands for credits to push their
speculative ventures. Sub-Treasury operations
have contributed an important supply to. New
York money resources by reason of the Gov
ernment bond redemptions, the large pension
dis^ursements and extraordinary payments by
the Government on account of the postofflce
and military expenditures. New York bank
clearinrs for the week have broken all pre
vious records by reason of the enormous deal
ings in the stock market. Money rates at in
terior iKjints have ehown a hardenins tend
ency on account of diversion -of funds to New
York. The Sub- Treasury's payments of pen
sions will decline next week and the further
supply of funds from the Government ¦ institu
tion will depend on offerings of Government
bonds for redemption on the Treasury's terms.
Foreign exchange authorities maintain their
conviction that a considerable sum of gold will
go out to meet the requirements of' the London
market in floating the £30.000,000 issue of con
sols. There is to be considerable necessity for
provision for the Burlington deal, involving, as
announced, the formation of a $50,000,000 un
derwriting syndicate. But any doubt over
the future of the money supply was completely
submerged as the week progressed under the
buoyant hopefulness caused by present plenty.
The consummation of the Burlington. deal has
produced a crop of rumors of projects for other
transcontinental alliances to offset this- project,
which have met with denials from official
sources and . by apparently ' inspired disclaim
ers of any oceah-to-ocean route being involved
in the Burlington deal. As corroboration for
this comes the intimation from St. Paul that
President J. J. Hill has taken speculative
profits on his holdings of Erie and Baltimore
and Ohio etocks and sold out. But this has
not checked the rumor mongers from making
Pennsylvania the buyer for control of Atchi
son and Northwestern, projecting a consolida
tion with Union Pacific. - These developments
point the difference of the Burlington deal
from the recent series of tranactions in the
Eastern trunk line territory. The latter had
for its object the formation of a community
of interest laterally among parallel lines in
competing territory, while the effect of the
Burlington deal is longitudinal in an exten
sion of control of connecting lines and a
strengthening for effect against rivals and the
possible result of retaliatory or compensatory
measures on the part of these rivals. Vast
problems of exchange of traffic with a net
work of connecting and competing lines are
thus brought into play. Tne speculation has
overflowed from stocks into same of the low
grade contingent payment bonds, and the
movement of prices of bonds has been irregu
lar. United States new fours declined W old
fours coupon 94 and old fours registered, the
refunding twos and the threes V< per cent be
low the closing call of last week.
copper etocks looking to a consolidation of
Butte and Boston. Boston and Montana and
Amalgamated Copper was the basis of an ex
cited speculation in the last named stock on
the York Stock Exchange. But the most po
tent Influence in fomenting the continuance of
the speculation was the replenishment of the
money reserves of the New York banks. This
has caused some actual realization in money
rates in New York. A mere Arrest of the hard
ening tendency would doubtless have been suf
ficient to encourage the speculators to renewed
buying of stocks. The profitable mone" rate, in
fact, has been the cause of arresting the deple
tion of New York's reserves. Interior exchange
has risen to a premium causing demand for
remittance to New York to take advantage of
the high money rate here and sterling exchange
has been held under the gold export level, al
though its hardening tendency whenever money
rates relaxed showed a sensitive condition.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
fiate, as compared with those of same date
lart season, and rainfall in the last twenty
four hours:
Weather Report.
OlOth Meridian— Pacific Time.)
BAN FRANCISCO. April 20—5 p. m.
"There is still some inquiry for apricots at
a low price, and the market is in better shape,
owing to reported damage . by f roet on the
coaet and the recent buying . here. Choice
Royals are said to be offering here from
Europe under the market, but as no samples
ere at hand, these offerings virtually have no
effect."
"Considering the slashing of prune prices
en ths coast last vreek, demand for spot goods
la quite good, though, as was to be expected,
the present buylnc is altogether of a hand-to
mouth character. The market is steadily low
ering, dependent on the rapidity with which
fresh etocks come to hand. Arrivals last week
were not heavy, however, and present supplies
are still light. Some roods to arrive witnin
a few days are understood to be offered at the
new association basis. Buying from the coast
at the 2c price has been light; probably 29
cars would be a liberal estimate for this mar
ket elnce the cut was made early in the week.
Some of the business is understood to have
been done at less than %c to Vic under
association prices. Seeded raisins on the spot
continue demoralized and very dull. The local
trade evidently has taken very few cars from
California at the new price of 5c f. o. b. for
goods In cartons.
Mall advices from New York say
Prunes, Raisins and Apricots.
Bid. Ask. ! Justice 07 08
Alpha 03 Ca Kentuck 01 03
Alta OS 07 Lady Wash.... 01 03
Andes 05 OS Mexican S7 33
Belcher 17 19 Occidental 03 05
Best & Belcher 22 23 Ophir 1 00 1 05
Bullion 03 05 Overman 20 21
Caledonia 71 72 Potosi _... 09' 10
Challenge Con. 14 It Savage- 10 It
Chollar 09 10|Scorplon — 04
Confidence , SS 71|S«s Belcher.... 04 05
Con Cal & Va.2 30 2 3i! Sierra Nevada. 23 3,)
Con Imperial.. — OliSilver Hill .... 23 40
Con New York — 01 St Louis 06 —
Crown Point... IS 13 Standard 4 00 — •
Eureka Con .. 06 — Syndicate — 03
Exchequer — 01 Union Con .... 15 IS
Gould & Curry 19 20 Utah 04 OS
Hale & Norcrs 23 27 Yellow Jacket. 14 IS
Julia — 03
SATURDAY. April 20—12 m.
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
200 Andes 06 I 300 Ophir 1 02U
i0O Best & Belcher 22 j 600 Ophir . . 1 05
1100 Con Cal & Va.2 351 200 Overman '. 20
350 Con Cal & V.2 32'S' 600 Overman 21
J400 Con Cal & Va.2 30 200 Savage- CO
1500 Gould & Curry » 500 Seg Belcher 04
1150 Mexican 37 600 Sierra Nevada. 29
200 Mexican 38 500 Sliver Hill .... 33
2500 Ophir 9S
Morning Session.
Following were the sales In the- Paciflo
Stock Exchange yesterday:
?°0 Belcher 18 700 Ophtr 93
oOO Chollar 09 700 Ophir 99
800 Con Cal & Va.2 3D 100 Ophir 1 00
400 Gould & Curry 20 100 Savage ID
1500 Mexican 37 200 Union Con ... 13
Morning Session.
MIXING STOCKS.
Following were the sales in the San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Board —
1009 Bear Flag 20
250 Four Oil Co go
2 Hanford ...» 96 00
300 Home Oil. r 30 3 SO
10OO Independence^ b 30 : 20
700 Monarch of Arizona../ 58
50 Peerless goo
500 Petroleum Center, s 30 14
200 Sterling 8 12*4
Board—
3 Hanford 95
O0O Hanford, Fresno, Kern River 15
200 Home, a 30 355
200 Monarch of Arizona 53
47 McKittrick Con us
50O Oil City Petroleum 2S
1700 Petroleum Center 14
1500 Petroleum, Center, b 30 15
•
SAN FRANCISCO OIL EXCHANGE.
STREET RAILROAD STOCKS.
Calif ornla-st... — 140 O S L & H 40 —
Geary-st 47% — Presidio ....... 23 BO ,
ilarket-st 70 . —
POWDER STOCKS.
Giant Con Co- 77 SO IVIgorit — t '
SUGAR STOCKS.
Hana Plan.... 7»i S Kilauea .". 2tr% —
Haw Com 57 5S% Makaweli 40%— ¦
Honokaa 31% 32 Onomea 23 29
Hutch S P.... 20S — Paatihan ZX% —
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
Alaska Pack... 130 — Oceanic SB Co 48 —
Cal Fruit Can— 9S Pac A F A... 2 —
Cal Wine Asn.lOO — Pac C Bor Co. — — .
Mer Ex Assn. .110 — Par Paint Co. IS — '
Mornlnj; Session.
Board—
60 Alaska Packers' Association.; 127 50
15 Alaska Packers' Association K5 CO
50 Alaska. Packers' Association 129 00
SO Alaska Packers' Association 129 50
455 Alaska Packers" Association 130 CO
50 Alaska Packers' Association 130 23
100 Alaska Packers' Association, b 15... 130 00
13 Bank of California 406 00
110 Contra Costa. Water 73 00
350 Contra Costa Water 74 0O
10» Hutchinson S P Co 20 62' 4
10 Hutchlnson S P Co 20 73
3.15 Makaweli « 60
$:00O Oakland Water is 102 50
SSP Gas & Electric Co 44 23
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE. , '
NEW WESTERN HOTEL
J Geebrldge, Clnn
F J Case. Atlanta. "
R J Carnop. Boston.
J Wilson. Seattle
T H Boulen. N T
F J Boulen. N Y
J Jamison. N Orleans
G Westmore. S Rosa
C L Norman, Mo
J H Bonharn, Peorla
C Cater, N Orleans
M O'Connor. Dallas
B W Durkeiv Iowa-
J Reneker. Chicago
W Chamberlain. ChgO
O Scates. Ind
W E Perdlce. Ky
J Deory. Mill Creek
M W Faylor, Dallas
H Foster, N Y
HOTEL ABBTVALa
GRAND HOTEL
D Hollister. Cal
W L Wheatley. U 6 V
G H Johnson, Cal
G G Radcllff. Cal
J A Johnson A w. Fa
M E Campbell, Iowa
N A Young. Los Ang
J Beaton, Portland
G Hood. Kentucky
W P McCormick & w.
Colorado
Miss M B Estes, Ptlnd
Mrs A Rhein, Ptland
F Simpson, Los Ang
E O Excell. Chicago
M Lawrence, Ohio
B W Spielman, N C
J N Flynn, Denver
E R Reed. Bkrsfleld
J T Carlisle, Boston
F S Palmer, Fresno
Mrs D H Houston b.
son. North Dakota
C J Smith, Milwaukee
F MeWhorter. Utah
J S Dovey, Phlladel
F Wood, Vlsalia
J Goldman. Merced.
W W Partfn, Hanford
ED Rogers. Chicago
W J Nelson, Mojave
G A Wright, Alameda
L L Lewis, Sacto
Mrs M B il Peacock,
Wisconsin
Mrs Smith. Wisconsin
C A Carroll. Cal
Mrs R Sprake, S Joae
J Gardner, Brooklyn
Mrs C C Van Orsdall,
Oregon
T S. Spauldlng, Woodld
A C Huston. Woodlnd
W J Parker, Woodlnd
J T Goodln, Woodland
W H Venter, Cal
B Welch & Son. Sacto
D -Campbell, Cal
E Franklin, Sacto
C Gray & w, Orovllle
Jl J Curtis, Sacto
J Scott, Sacto
Mrs Tiffin. Monterey
G A Tiffin. Monterey
Mrs Koelle, Monterey
Miss Woods. Monterey
T W Hawkins, Holllstr
A Pennlngton. Uklah
H C Keyes. Sacto
C D Van Duzen, Cal
O P Megahan & w,
Ohio
E Rlemenschnelder, IT
York
F F Klngsbury. Cal
B H Mahoney & w.
Boston
Mrs C Miller, Indiana
Mrs J Egbert. Indiana!
G Arnnot. Loa Ang
J H Blethen. Sacto
G I* Jones. Gr Valley
E A Gilbert. Sacto
E C Hopkins. Sacto
P M Raymond. Sacto
E L Bosquit. PlacervU
J Scherrer, Georgtowa
F A Tyler Jr. Auburn
Mrs M Krakow, Mich
C M Wright it w. Neb
G H Sullivan. Oakland
K C Gillis, Belmont
G Brooks, Sacto
G E Ward, Washlngta
J Burris. Sonoma
P G Broch. Wash. D C
Dr O G Henneesy. Nap
G W Zartman, Tulare
C Moltzen. Cal
W K Wheatly. TJ S V
C F Hardoo, w & dau,
Oakland
C E Burton, Stanford
C H Speers, Denver
A L Brier, Stockton
A Mesler. Sacto
M Krakojr. Detroit
J A McCann, Ky
M Geary, Sacto
W L Pritchard. Sacta
H S Marsh. Cal
C G Battelle. Sacto
T W McAuliffe. Cal
Mrs G P McAllen. Or
Mrs H H Sturtevant,
Ohio
Misa L Richardson,
I Boston .
PALACE HOTEL.
O L Smith, -Denver
G W Brooks, Denver
H Williams. S Jose
A Long & w. Oakland
H Bonestell, S Mateo
H Donohue, St Paul
H Walling, Chicago
A T Evans, Chicago
W Ogstom. Chicago
A P Ray, Chicago
E Langhorne St Louis
F C Drew, Greenwood
H Martin, N Y
W D Ridgeby, N T
A Palfrey, L Ang
J Welch, Brookline
Mrs Abbott, Brookline
H E Berry, Boston
W Boodwell. L Ang
H Atkinson, Stanford
R Renard, Stanford
P Relley. Stanford
Mrs Chandler, N Y
Col Coler & vr. N T
A Mandj"& w, Chlcgo
J Nurse., Stanford
H Moss, Palo Alto
W llutom, Chicago
Mrs Calthrop, B C
Miss Tripp B C
H Parks, Stanford
O Wekeff. Belmont
J Warren. Stanford
F T Noble, Sacto
G M MOTt, SactO
C Dunphy, Niles
J Williams & w, S P.*
B Pastom & w. S Rosa
D McGaughey &. w. Pa.
Miss McGaughey, Pa
J AMcCani Ky
W Pearce, Tacoma
D A Swan, Tacoma
B C Ball, Portland
P Taylor. Blsbee
J Reynolds, Stanford
F Glass, Berkeley
A Woolley. Hartford
J Mint. Stanford
Mrs Davis & m. N T,
Miss Davis. N Y
W Oaken & w. Tacma
Miss Oaken, Tacoma
Miss Chapman. Tacma
Miss Taylor, N Y
C A Du Sold. Bkrsfld
W N Best, I* Ang
Walnuts, No. 1 softshell, 10c; No. 2. T%c; No.
1 hardshell, 9%c: No. I, 7c; Almonds. 12@lSo
for papersnell. »@llc for softshell: Peanuts,
6©«c for Eastern; Brazil Nuts, ll@ll%c; Fil
berts, 12@12%c; Pecans. ll@13c; Cocoanuts.
$3 50(35. • . „
HONEY— Comb, 13%©14c for bright and.lZ%
@13c for light amber; water white extracted.
7@7%c; light amber extracted, 6-gfic; dark, 4Q
5c per lb. •
BEESWAX- 23©38c per lb.
Provisions.
Prices stand the same, but the feeling is
easy and the demand is nothing extra.
CURED MEATS— Bacon, Uta per lb for
heavy. 12%@13c for light medium, I3%c for
light, 14%c for extra light and 15%c for sugar
cured: . Eastern sugar-cured Hams, 13c; Hen
Beef, $12 per barrel; extra Mess, J12 50; Fam
ily, $13 50; prime Mws Pork. $15015 50; extra
clear, $22 50; Mess, $19; Smoked Beef, 14c per
lb.
LARD— Tierces quoted at 6%c per lb for
compound and I0%c for pure; half-barrels,
pure. 10%c: 10-lb tins. ll»4c; 6-lb tins. ll%c.
COTTOLENE— One half -barrel. 8T4c; three
half-barrels, 8%c; one tierce.. 8%c; two tierces,
8%c; five tierces, 8%c per lb.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
All descriptions under this head remain as
before. •
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about l%c under quotations. ' Heavy Salted
Steers, 9%c; medium, 8%c; light. 8c. Cow
Hides, 8%c for heavy and 8c for light; Stags.
6c; Salted Kip, 9c; Salted Veal. 9c: Salted
Calf. 10c: Dry Hides, 15%c: Culls, 13c; Dry
Kip, 15c; Dry Calf, lGc; Culls and Brands, 12@
13c; Sheepskins, shearlings. 15@25c each; short
Wool, 30@40c each; medium, 60@65c; long Wool.
75c®$l each; Horse Hides, salt. $2 50 for large
and $2@2 25 for medium, $1@1 25 for small and
50c for Colts: Horse Hides, dry. Jl 75 for large.
$1 25 for medium, $1 for small and 50c for Colts.
Deerskins— Summer or red skins, 35c; fall or
medium skins. SOc; winter or thin skins, 20c.
Goatskins — Prime Angoras, • 75c; large and
smooth, 50c; medium. 35c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, 4%c per lb; No. 2,
3%<g'4c: grease, 2@2%c.
WOOL— Sprinp. 1900 or 1501— Humboldt and
Mendocino, 15®lKc per lb: Northern, free. 12?3
13c; defective, 9Cllc: Middle County, free, 10<9
lie; do. defective. S@lOc; Southern. 12 months.
S@9c; Southern, free. 7 months, 7@'0c: do, de
fective, 7 months, 7@8c; Oregon Valley, fine,
15@16c; do, medium and coarse. 14@15c; Oregon,
Eastern, choice, 12@14c: do. fair to good, 9@Uc;
Nevada, 10012c. • .
HOPS— 15@20c per lb.
San Francisco Meat Market.
Local packers report a weaker feeling in
Hogs, as dairy Hogs are now appearing freely,
almost doubling the dally receipts.. No decline
iB reported, however. Other meats stand the
same.
BEEF^TigSc for Steers and 6®7c per lb for
cows. •
VEAL— Larse, 7fi'8c; small, 8@9c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers. 8@8%c; Ewes, 7%@8c per
pound.
LAMB — Spring, 9(&9%c per pound.
PORK— Live Hogs, 180 lbs and under, 6%c;
ISO to 225 lbs,' 6%@6%c; 225 and over, 6®6i4c;
feeders, ; dressed Hogs, 8%®9%c
General Merchandise.
¦ BAGS — Calcuttas continue to shade off; San
Quentln Bags, $5 65; Calcutta Grain Bags, 6%
@6%c; local *make, %c less than Calcuttas;
Wool Bags, 30@34y Fleece Twine 7%©8c.
COAL— Wellington, $9 per ton; Southfleld
Wellington, $9; Seattle, $7; Bryant, $8 80; Coos
Bay, $5 60; Wallsend. $»; Co-operative Walls
end. $9; Cumberland, $12 In bulk and $13 25 In
sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg. $li; Can
nel. $10 per ton; Coke, $15 per ton in bulk and
$17 in sacks: Rocky Mountain descriptions,
$8 45 per 2000 pounds and $8 50 per ton, accord
ing to brand.
RICE— China mixed. $4 20@4 25; No. 1. $4 70®
4' 85; extra, $5 20@6 60; Japanese. $4 95@5 60";
Louisiana, $4@6 50; Hawaiian, nominal.
SUGAR— The Western Susar Refinery Com
pany quotes, per lb. In 100-lb bags:
Crushed. 6.15c; Powdered, 5.75c; Candy Gran
ulated, 5.75c; Dry Granulated, 5.63c; Confec
tioners' A. 5.65c; Fruit Granulated, 5 80c-
Magnolia A. 5.25c; Extra C, 5.15c; Golden c'
6.05c; barrels,' 10c more; half-barrels, 25c more;
boxes, 50c more; 60-lb bags, 10c more. No
orders taken for less than 75 barrels or Us
equivalent. Dominos, half-barrels, 6.40c; boxes
6.65c per lb. • ¦ • . •
Receipts of Produce.
FOB BATTTRDAY, APRIL 20.
Flour, 'qr sks,... 30,763 Pelts, bdls ...... 139
Wheat, ctls .... 5,050 Hides, No 481
Barley, ctls .... 3,190" Sugar, ctls...... 7,000
Corn, ctls. East. 500 Tallow, ctls .... 237
Potatoes, sks ... 2,625 Wine, gals ....;. 59 450
Bran, sks 1,055 Brandy, gals .... 200
Middlings, sks... 1,530 Leather, rolls .. 3U
Hay. tons 343 Lime, bbla 273'
Straw, tons 6 Chicory, bbls .. 8
Broomeorn, bdls. ».;'. 4 Silver, flks 40
Wool, bales 174
OREGON.
Flour," Qr ska... 11.4301 Onions, sks ..... 23
Potatoes, sks ,_ . 5,975-
60,000,000 bushels visible supply In America and
50,000,000 afloat. Primary receipts for the. week
as reported ' at 'Chicago were 2,415,000 bushels,
against 2.268. 0C0 for the same week last year.
Minneapolis reported a decrease -in . stocks for
the week of- 734.276- bushels.
Chicago opened lower and tending; downward,
with a moderate .demand. Not much long
wheat has been pressing the market lately, but
there I are few j outside orders, t The 1 weather
for ¦ two ' weeks has . been • highly - favorable for
the winter wheat, but ' wet and unfavorable for
spring planting. But there has been too much
gossip about insects In the Southwest and too
good a cash demand -for any selling pressure.
In this market futures did better, but spot
prices were unchanged. *¦».¦-«», "
Spot Wheat— Shipping, $1@1 01%; milling,
$1 02%@l 05 per ctl.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock—December—
2000 ctls, $106: 8000. $106%; 200O, $106%. •
Second Session— December— 6000 . ctls, $1 06%;
12 "*\-$106%.
. Regular Morning Session— December— 20,000
ctls, $1 06%. May-6000, $101. '
• BARLEY— There was - an active business on
call, but nothing doing on the spot. Indications
of rain kept things unsettled and halting.
Feed, 83%c for choice bright. 80®82%c for No.
.1 and 77%@7S%c for off grades: Brewing and
Shipping grades 85@S7%c: Chevalier, nominal.
. CALL BOARD SALES. r
-Informal Session— 9:15 ¦ o'clock— December—
4000 ctls, 78%c. -.
• Second Session— December— 4000 ctls,' 78%c;
20C0, 78%c; 4000, 78%c; 200O, 78%c; 2000. 79c. ¦
Regular . Morning Session — May — 2000 ctls,
79%c. December— 16,000, 78%c; 6000, 78%c.
OATS— There is nothing new to report, the
market being dull but firmly held. White,
$137%@160; Surprise, nominal; Red, $1 3C%@
1 45; Black. $1 15@1 25 cer ctl.
: CORN — Shipments from the East are being
resumed. 500 ctls coming in yesterday. The
market continues dull.' Yellow, $1 10@l 15;
I White, $1 10@l 15; ' Eastern Mixed, ?1 12% per
ctl. ¦ * ' • :
RYE— 80@82%c per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— Is quoted at $1 65@1 70 per
ctl, ex- warehouse.- * .
Flour and Millstiiffs.
. FLOUR— Calif ornla Family Extras, $3 25@3 50.
usual terms: Bakers' Extras, $3 15@3 25; Ore
gon, $2 75<2T2 85 per barrel for family and $2 7o@
3 for bakers' ; Washington bakers', $2 75@3.
M1LLSTUFFS— Prices in sacks are as fol
k-ws usual discount to the trade: Graham
Tiou'r $3 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, $2 75; Rye
Meal. $2 50; Rice Flour. $7; Corn Meal, $2 75;
extra cream do, $3 50; Oat Groats, $4 50: Hom
iny, $3 60@3 75; : Buckwheat Flour, S4@4 25;
Cracked Wheat. $3 50; Farina, $4 50; Whole
Wheat Flour $3 25; Rolled' Oats (barrels), $6 10
©7 60; in sacks, $5 75@7 25; Pearl Barley, $5;
Fplit Peas, $5; Green Peas. $6 50 per 100 lt)S.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
Eevry thing remains as before quoted, and the
markets are featureless. • .
. BRAN— $15 50@16 50 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— $16 50@19- 50 per ton. '
S FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley, $17 5O@1S per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill, $25@26; jobbing,
$28 50; Cocoanut Cake, $17@18; Corn Meal, $25®
2i> 50; Cracked Corn, $25 50@26; Mixed Feed,
$15016.
HAY— Volunteer, $5@8; Wheat, $11013; Wheat
and Oat, $9@12; Oat, $9@11 50; Clover, nominal;
Alfalfa, $8@9 50; Barley. $7 60@9 50 per ton.
STRAW— 35@47%c per bale.
Beans and Seeds.
Beyond a further slight decline in Pink Beans
there is nothins new.
BEANS— Bayos, $2 50@2 70; Small White. $4 75
@4 90; Large White, $4@4 15; Pink, $1 60@l 85;
Ked, $3@3 25; Blackeye, $2 75@3; Llmas, $6 25
@6 50: Pea, nominal; Red Kidney. $4 50 per ctl.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, nominal; Yellow,
Mustard, nominal: Flax. $2 50@3; Canary. 3%@
3%c for Eastern; Alfalfa, 7%@8%c for Califor
nia and 9@9%c for Utah; Rape, 2@2%c; Hemp.
3%c; Timothy, 6%c,
DRIED PEAS— Niles, $2@2 50; Green, $2 70®
S per ctl; Blackeye, nominal. .
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Oregon Potatoes are weakening under, receipts
of 5975 sacks. New Potatoes . are in better de
mand and firm. .... . * '
All Vegetables stand about as before. *
I Onions show little change.'
Receipts were 1353 boxes Asparagus, 430 boxes
Rhubarb. 987 sacks Bay - Peas and 520 sacks
New Potatoes.
'• POTATOE&r-Early. Rose, 70@90c; Burbanks,
45@70c for River and' 85c@$l 10 for Oregon;
Sweets, ,60c for Merced; New Potatoes, l@l%o
per lb. .
ONIONS— Oregons, $3<£3 25 per'ctl; Nevadas,
$3@3 60: Cut Onions, 60c@$l 25 per sack; Austra
lians, $3 50@3 90; Green Onions, 25@40c per box;
New White, J3: New Red, $2.
VEGETABLES— Rhubarb, 40c@$l 25 per box;
Asparagus, $1 75 for fancy, $1250160 per box
for No. 1 and 50c@$l for No. 2; Green Peas,
65c@$l per sack; String Beans. 6@8c for Los
Angeles and 10o^ foe Vaeaville; Cabbage; 50@60c;
-Tomatoes, - Mexican, .$1 75 per crate; Egg Plant,
Los Angeles, per lb; Green Peppers, Los
Angeles. per lb for Chile and for Bell;
Dried Peppers, '. l£@18c; Dry Okra, 20@25o per
lb; Carrots. 25@35c per sack; Hothouse Cucum
bers, 50@75c per dozen; Summer Squash,
per box; Garlic, 8@10c per lb. .
PbultryTand Game.
Hens continued dull, with considerable stock
on hand at the close. -' The other kinds were
pretty well cleaned up. A car of Eastern
came in, making five for the week.
Game Is nominal,' receipts being meager.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, 9@10c for Gob
blers and 12@l3c for Hens; Geese,- per pair,
$1 60@l 75; Goslings*- $2 25@2 75; Ducks, $5@6
for old and $6@7 50 for young; Hens. $3 50@5;
young Roosters. *6 50@7 50; old Roosters, *3 60
@4- Fryers, $5@6; Broilers, $4@4 50 for
large and $2®3 50 for small; Pigeons, f2 per
dozen for old and $2 50@2 75 for Squabs.
GAME— Gray Geese, $3; White Geese, $1;
Brant $1 50: English Snipe. $3; Jack Snipe,
$2- Hare, $125; Rabbits, $125 for Cottontail
and 75c@$l for Brush. . . . , ¦ . . ¦
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Butter continues weak and dull with accum
ulating stocks, and dealers continue to offer
fine creameries by card at 16%c, and even less
in some cases. -There are few orders from the
Cheese Is in light supply and steady.
Eggs are weak. Receipts are large and the
demand for storage is diminishing. The ex
change reduced its quotation for selected gath
ered Eggs %c, but there was ' no change in the
open market, though the feeling was weak.
Receipts were 72,700 pounds and 155 tubs of
Butter, 1430 cases Eggs, cases Eastern
Eggs, 8100 pounds California Cheese and,
pounds Eastern. Cheese. .'
OPEN MARKET QUOTATIONS,
BUTTER— Creamery, 16%@17%c per lb for
fancy and 16c for seconds; dairy, 14@16c per
lb. •
CHEESE— Choice mild, new, 9%@10%c; old,
9c per lb. ¦.
EGGS— Ranch,', 15%@17c for good* to fancy;
store, 13@15c per dozen.
' -1 DAIRY EXCHANGE QUOTATIONS. :
BUTTER—
Creamery— Extras, 16c: firsts, 15c; seconds,
Dairy— Extra*, 16c; firsts. 14%c; seconds, ;
store,. 12c. < . - .
CHEESE— Fancy, full cream," 9%c; choice,
9c; common, nominal; Young-. Americas. 10%c;
Eastern, full cream, 14@16c per lb. „ - ¦
EGGS- 1 - - - ¦ ¦ ¦
California? Ranch— Selected White, 15%c;
mixed colors, 14%c per dozen.
- California Gathered— Selected, lff%c; standard,
13c; seconds, . J ¦
Deciduous and Cirrus. Fruits.
Cherries are coming in small and unripe and
are slow of sale.
• Citrus fruits continue as before. Oranges be
ing firm and Lemons and Limes easy, though
fancy Lemons are very steady. <
Strawberries sold higher, as usual on Sat
urday, v v ¦ •¦ - - . .
Ten cars' of Oranges, will be offered at to
morrow's auction. ; .
DECIDUOUS FRUITS— " : ..
CHERRIES-^Receipts were 69 boxes, selling
at $1@2 25 per box. • .: : -
STRAWBBRRIES-J7®10 per chest for Long
worths ¦ and $5<g'8 for large berries. --Receipts
were i 278 chests. ¦;> . .
APPLES-»1@2 B0 per box.
CITRUS FRUITS— Navel Oranges, $1@2 23;
Seedlings. 75c@$l; Tangerines. 50o@$l 25: Lem
ons 75c@$l 25 for common and Jl 50@2 50 for
good to choice; Grape Fruit, 50c(g$l 50; Mexican
Limes $4 60; Bananas. '-$1 60@3 per bunch for
New Orleans and 75c@$l 60 for, Honolulu; Pine
apples, 75c@$2.per dozen. .
Dried Fruifr, Nuts and Raisins.^
, Quotations shoWv no change and the market
is dull.'. .;.'.•.' ¦-¦.'.:•¦ •• .
' • FRUITS — Apricots. 1 5®7%c for ' Royals and
S¥.@10c for . Moorparku; Evaporated Apples,
8%®5c- sun-dried, l%@2c; Peachea, 3@3%o for
standard, 4@5c for choice and 6#6c for fancy;
Pears 2@7c;' Plums, pitted, 3%@5c; unpitted,
l@l%c ; Nectarines, . • 4@4%o tor red • and ; 4@5c
PRUNES— Santa Clara, 4 sizes, 2c; 30-40s, — ;
4(Mi0sS%"e; 50-60s, 3%c; 60-70s, 2%c; 70-803. 2%c;
80-90s'l%c: 90-lOOs, ttic; 100-120S, l%c. . These
prices apply to all districts alike, no more dis
crimination being made. •
• RAISINS— The ¦¦ Raisin Growers' Association
has established the following prices: Bleached
Thompson's fancy,' 12c per lb; choice. ; lie;
standard 10c; ' prime.*. 9c; unbleached Thomp
son's 9c'per lb. Sultanas— Fancy. 10%c per lb;
choice. -9%c; standard, 8%c: "prime. Sc; un
bleached; Sultanas, 8c; Seedless, 50-lb boxes,
6%c ; 4-crowtt, 7c ; 3-crown, 6%c ; " 2-crown, 6c.
Pacific brand, 2-crown. 6c; 3-crown, 5V4C and
4-crown, 6%c: seeded : (Fresno prices), 5c; Lon
don ¦¦ Layers.- 2-crown, . $1 60" per ; box; 1 3-crown,
$1 60; Fancy Clusters, $2; Dehesa.- $2 50; Im
perial, $8. /All prices f.'o. b. at common ship
ping points In California.
. NUTS— Chestnuts, - 8®10c per lb for Italian;
Exchange and Bullion.
Sterling Exchange. 60 days.......'. — $4 85%
.Sterling Exchange,- Bight.v — 4 88%
Fterllng Cables -4 89%
New York Exchange, sight — ., 15 ¦
New York Exchange,- telegraphic — 17%
Silver, per ounce — 59%
Mexican Dollars, nominal......... 49% © £0
V Wheat and; Other Grains. .
" WHEAT— Liverpool and ' Paris futures were
both off. *A11 ' foreign -, advices were , bearish.
Indications point to : a . poorer export demand,
and there Is nothing bullish in a situation of
Weekly bank clearings gain as usual. -'/v 'r
Silver and Exchange unchanged.
Wheat futures firmer' and Barley futures active.
Oats, Corn and Rye unchanged and quiet
Hay and Feedstuff s as previously quoted.
Pink Beans lower. Other Beans unchanged.
Oregon Potatoes -weakening under liberal receipts.
Onions in better assortment and easier. Vegetables unchanged.
Butter and Eggs in liberal supply and weak. Cheese steady.
Poultry in good supply and dull. Game nominal.
Cherries coming in small and unripe.
Oranges and fine Lemons firm. Limes quiet.
Ten cars of Oranges announced for to-morrmsfs auction.
Nothing going on in Dried Fruits.
Proz'isiotis easier and quieter, but no lower.
Wool, Hops and Hides as, before.
Hogs easier under increasing arrivals'.
Not much new on tlte local stock exchanges.
Grain Bags shaded again.
CHICAGO, April 20.— In . the absence of tid
ings concerning the status' j of the- Liverpool
market and 'conditions in the East, ' wheat
traders' were left to J the contemplaion . of the
bearish crop situation. . ¦ Trade was restricted,
by the failure of the- wire .service, and al
though word was received from, Liverpool later
in the session, business did not swell to any
proportions. . Of the small aggregate, most of
the business was done on the account of shorts,
who wished to even up over | Sunday. ! May
opened %S%c to a shade lower at 70%c to
70%c and sold 'early to 70%@70%c. So narrow
was the market that very moderate offerings
from a commission house caused a break to
1 70%@70%c. A report that samples of Kansas
wheat showed Hessian flv and the expectation
of statistics Monday which should have: the
negative virtue of not being bearish' caused
a rally to 71c and at this price the market
closed, %@%c higher. . July closed %c over
May.
Corn was dull but., firm. Buying by the
bull leader, who had the receipts, only 112
cars, in his favor, formed the market's best '
support, for the shipping demand was poor.
May closed %@>4c higher at 44%c. : ¦..•
Oats were dull and steady, May closed %@
V-c higher at 25%@25%c.v. ¦ , ..../. . . '
Provisions opened. ea3v on liberal hog re
ce.pts. Packers made a lunsre at prices early,
but soon removed the pressure and prices held
steady. July jwrk close* a shade lower, lard
unchanged and ribs a shade down. ¦ .r. ¦
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles — Open.' High, i Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2— •
May 70% 71 70% 71,
July .71 71% 70% 71%
Corn No. 2— . . .
April .... - -43%
May 44% 44% 44 44%
July .43%: ;.43%S 43% 43%
Oats No. 2—
May 25% 25%. .25U 25%
July ..:.... 25 25% ¦ 24% ¦ 25%
"Mess Pork, per bbl — •.. .
May ...14 37% 14 40 14 82% 14 40
July 14 55 14 67% 14 60 14 57%
Lard, per 100 lbs—
May ....- 8 07% 8 07% I S 07% 8 07%
July 8 00 8 02% 8 00. 8 02%
September 8 00 8 02% 8 00 8 02%
Short Ribs, per 1C0 lbs— ¦ ' ¦
May. • ««H 8"% 8 15% 8 17%
julv 7 95 7 95 7 92% 7 95
September 7 90 '7 90 -.--7 87% -7 90 • ,
Cash ' quotations . were as follows: Flour-
Steady winter patents, $3 80®3 90; straite, $3 20
@3 70: clears, $2 60@3 40; spring specials, $4@
4 10; patents. $3 45®4 75; ¦traits,' $3@8 20; bak
ers' $2 15@2 40. No. 3 spring wheat,. 69%@7Oc;
No 2 red, 70%@73c; No. 2 corn, 44c; No. 2 yel
low, 41c; No. 2 oats. 26%@27c; No. 2 white.
28%c; No. 3 white, 27%c; No. 2 rye, 53c; good
feeding barley, 46c; fair to choice malting, 62®
57c- No. 1 flaxseed, $1 58; No. 1 Northwestern,
$1 69- nrime timothy seed, $3 75: mess pork,
per bbl, $14 40(g!14 45; lard, per 100 lbs, $8 15@
8 17%" short ribs sides (loose). $8 05@8 25; dry
salted shoulders (boxed), 6%@7%c; short clear
Bides (boxed). $8 25@8 37%; whisky, basis of
high wines, $1 27; clover, contract grade, $11.
Articles— ~ "•¦ - Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 21.000 \ • 19,000
Wheat bushels 94,000 325.000
Corn, bushels .....129.000 261,000 .
Oats, bushels 211,000 '165.000
Rye. bushels J-^ " 3 S'222
Barley, bushels 16.000 ; 7.000 ,
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was firm: creameries, 15@20c; dairies,
H@lSc. Cheese, steady. . .-' : '
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
LONDON. April 20.— Canadian Pacific, 92%;
Union Pacific preferred, 91%; Northern Pacific
preferred, 100%; Atchison, 72%; Grand Trunk,
9; Anaconda. 11%; bar silver strong, 2TJ4&.
"NEW. YORK, April 20.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says:
London shares were only fairly active on the
stock market here to-day. • The American de
partment was again the feature. Trading In
American shares was excited to a remarkable
degree and a tremendous business was done.
To-day's specialties were Chicago. Milwaukee
and St. Paul and the Union and Southern Pa
cifies. British consols were weaker to-day,
94%. on the rumor that the new Government
loan announcement would be made on Monday.
Copper stocks were strong.
Money was easier, with call loans 2@2#.
The bank has bought £13,000 gold bars and is
getting £20,000 In from Australia.
London Market.
. The Financier says: The associated banks
of New York added nearly $7,000,000 to their
surplus reserve last week, bringing the total
to $14, ¥22,100, an amount larger than they have
reported since February 9 last. Loans are, now
thirteen million dollars less than at the date
named and deposits have decreased twenty
seven and one-third millions. It will be re
called that the expansion In these Items,
which caused new records to be made during
the middle *of February, started at the open
ing of the month, so that the banks are prac
tically back on the basis preceding these deals,
by far the largest ever consummated In this
country. As a matter of fact loans have now
decreased twenty-throe and a half millions
from the high point reached February 16.
There has been a shrinkage of forty-four mil
lions in deposits in the same time, while cash
holdings, despite gold exports, treasury absorp
tions and losses to the interior, etc., have de
creased only about nine millions. This is a
remarkable record and shows on its face that
the financing of transactions of unprecedented
magnitude have been accomplished with ease.
The current statement is .more favorable than
expected. The gain of $8,461,900 in cash is
about twice as large as preliminary estimates
had assumed, and in connection with a de
crease of loans of J8,SS9,000, which reduced de
posit liabilities, produced a reserve increase
larger than the actual gain in cash. It is
somewhat difficult to trace the origin of the
cash Increase. Operations with the treasury
resulted in a gain of three millions and the
remainder probably, represents the accumula
tion of interior funds in this city. Out-of
town banks, attracted by the rise in call funds,
have been loaning freely in this center and
the loan contraction represents In part at least
this transfer of loans. As regards the im
mediate outlook for money the present state
ments put a different face on the situation.
The pa3t week seems to have demonstrated
that any r'.se in quotations here must Invite
the offerings of interior surplus funds, and
as long as this can be counted on the prospect
of an unreasonable advance in funds io elim
inated entirely. If this theory Is correct noth
ing more than a steady money market can be
expected, the. tendency being downward rather
than upward. The ont factor that may oper
ate against this tendency is. the financing of
the British loan, in which American gold may
play a more or less Important part.
Surplus reserve, $14,022,100; increase, $6,893,000.
NEW YORK, April 20.— The weekly state
ment of averages - of the associated banks
shows :
Loans, $882,067,300; decrease, $8,878,700.
Deposits. $967,201,200; decrease. $2,088,000.
Circulation, $31,454,100; decrease, $24,900.
Legal tenders, $7LO3S,2OO; increase, '$1,419,800.
Specie, $185,684,200; increase, $5,042,100.
Total reserves, $236,722,400; increase, $6,461,947.
Reserve required, $2-il, 800,300; decrease, $522,
000. • ¦
Associated Banks' Statement.
•• American Tin Plate prefd 1 , t. r......H7
5.600 American Tobacco 128%
• • American Tobacco prefd 145
6,100 Anaconda Mining Co 60%
73.600 Brooklyn Rapid Transit S6U
4.400 Colorado Fuel & Iron..... ...:... 964
4,900 Continental Tobacco .47%
400 Continental Tobacco prefd.. ....... ..104%
Federal Steel 63H
Federal Steel prefd. 103%
General Klectric ...220
Glucose Sugar 51
Glucose Sugar prefd.... 87
1,200 International Paper .....25%
600 International Paper prefd. 78%
Laclede Gas 85
200 National Biscuit 31%
National Biscuit prefd 88^4
National Lead 17^4
200 National Lead prefd 83%
National Steel 57^4
National Steel prefd 117.
300 New York Air Brake 170 '
600 North American .' 88
2.2C0 Pacific Coast 63
100 Pacific Coast 1st prefd..... 9%
200 Pacific Coast 2d prefd 70%
100 Pacific Mail .. 36
9.500 People's Gas 115%
3,300 Pressed Steel Car 46%
Pressed Steel Car prefd 83
200 Pullman Palace Car 211
100 Standard Rope & Twine 4
12,200 Sugar 148 *
Sugar prefd 122V4
3,300 Tennessee Coal & Iron 67%
600 United States Leather 13%
1,660 TJnlted States Leather prefd.:....*.... 77%
United States Rubber 20% ;
100 United States Rubber prefd 60 !
9,500 Western Union 93%
61.600 Amalgamated Copper ....: 126
1.200 Republic Iron & Steel Co 20%
300' Republic Iron & Steel Co prefd 77
3,800 United States Steel 46%
13,600 United States Steel prefd....... 94%
....... P C C & St Louis....: 69Vi
l,145,6C0 Shares sold.
. CLOSING BONDS.
U S 2s refunding, N Y Cent lsts ...M07VJ
reg 106 N J Cent gen 5s. .132
do coup 106% North Pac 3s ..... 72^
do 3s reg U0U> do 4s ." 105%
do coup :...m% N Y C & St L 4s. .1071*
do new 4s reg.. ..128% Norf & W con 4s. .101%
do coup 133Vs Or Nav lsts 109
do old 4s reg 113% do 4s 104&
do coup 113% Or S Line 6s.'. 128
do 5s reg HO 1 ,! do con 5s 116
do coup lll'/i Reading gen 4s ... 95
Dist-of Col 3.65s. ..126 R G W lsts 101%
Atchison gen 4s.... 102% St L & I M con Ss.llbVi
do adj 4s 96\g St L & S F gen 6s. 131%
Can South 2ds 108% St Paul cons 193%
Ches & Ohio 4%e..lO6% St P C & Pac Ists.ll8ls
do 5s 12H4 do 5s 120%
C & N W con 7s.. 141% South Pac 4s 93
do S F deb 5s... 120 South Railway 5s.ll7%
Chi Term 4s 95% S Rope & T 6s 59
Colo South 4s .... 87% Tex & Pac lsts... 120
D & R G 4s 101% d(j 2ds 100
Erie gen 4s 8SV4 Union Pac 4s ......106
FtW&DC lsts. 107V Wabash lsts ......120
Gen Elec 6s 185% do 2ds 110
Iowa Cent lsts ....117 West Shore 4s ....114%
L.& Nash uni 4s. .103 Wis Cent lsts ....-89%
M K & T 2ds S2V* Va Centuries 95
do 4s 98%
MINING STOCKS;
Adams Con '23 Little Chief ..' 14
Alice 35 Ontario 9 00
Breece ....140 Ophir 80
Brunswick Con ... 20 Phoenix 08
Comstock Tunnel.. 06 Potosi 05
Con Cal & Va 23 Savage 07
Deadwood Terra .. 05 Sierra Nevada .... 27
Horn Silver 1 10 Small Hopes .' 65
Iron Silver 60 Standard 4 00
Leadville Con .... Oa 1 "
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— West End 98
Call loans 3@4 Westingh Elec ... 65
Time loans ....S%@4% Bonds —
Stocks— Atchison 4s 102
Atchison 70% N E G & Coke 5s. 65
do prefd 97% Mining shares-
Am Sugar 148% Adventure 14%
do prefd 123 Bingham Min Co.. 28%
Am Telephone 176, Amalg Copper ....126%
Boston & Albany. .263 Atlantic .. 34%
Boston Elevated.. . 175 . Boston & Mont 438
Boston & Maine. ..197 Butte & Boston 117%
C B & Q 193% Calumet & Hecla..840
Lorn Coal 38 Centennial 31%
do prefd 113 Franklin 19%
Fitchburg prefd ..147 Humboldt ..25
Gen Electric 223 Osceola 16%
Ed Elec 111 ... 240 Parrot 66%
N E G & Coke 11 Quincy 180
Old Colony 210 Santa Fe Copper.. 9%
Old Dominion 35^ Tamarack .-. 344
Rubber 20 Utah Mining 88
Union Pacific 100%' Winona 4%
Union Land 4.. Wolverines ........ 53%
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,, SUNDAY, APRIL 21, 1901.
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
Evaporated apples quiet.' State common, 3@
4c; prime, 4 1 /i®4%c;" choice, 5@5?4c; fancy, -6
@6%c. California dried fruits,- quiet. * Prunes,
3'4@7c. Apricots— Royal, 7%@12c: Moorpark,
8%@13c. " Peaches— Peeled, ' 12Vi@2Oc; .unpeeled,
5&@10c. ' , .' ' . • .. ; ..'. .
BUTTER— Receipts, " 8091 packages: steady at
the decline; fresh 'creamery, 15@20c; factory,
11@13%C. " ' ' " . Y "¦"¦ "¦"¦¦
EGGS— Receipts, 3000; steady; "Western, reg
ular packing, ¦ 14@14%c : do. storage," 14%c.
Chicago Grain- Market.
Foreign Futures.
31
ETA
kTIC
ON
1 I^ast
24 Hour
n
| This
I Season.
Last
Season.
,
Eureka
Red Blu
gacramei
6an Frai
Fresno ..
Infiepenfl
San LmU
Los Ar.g
Ban Dieg
aff"
•nto
ncls
lenc
s O
reles
SO .
0.10
... Trace
0.00
, . . Trace
0.00
0.00
0.00
0.00
0.00
44.50
17] 50
18.S9
10.38
5.80
27.88
14.17
10.56
47.85
21.46
17.30
1S.10
7.74
2.61
15.80
5.74
3.41
ETA
kTIC
ON
1 I^ast
24 Hour
n
| This
I Season.
Last
Season.
,
Eureka
Red Blu
gacramei
6an Frai
Fresno ..
Infiepenfl
San LmU
Los Ar.g
Ban Dieg
aff"
•nto
ncls
lenc
s O
reles
SO .
0.10
... Trace
0.00
, . . Trace
0.00
0.00
0.00
0.00
0.00
44.50
17] 50
18.S9
10.38
5.80
27.88
14.17
10.56
47.85
21.46
17.30
1S.10
7.74
2.61
15.80
5.74
3.41
PUBLIC AUCTION OF DRT GOODS WITH-
OUT RESERVE. DRY GOOD3 AND
GENTS* FURNISHING GOODS to be sold at
1722H MARKET, between VAN NESS and
POLK, commencinff MONDAY, April 22. at
2:10 and 7:30 P. 31. JOHN ELDER CO..
Auctioneers.
AUCTION SALES
SS»*// We want even one hundred dollars to invest for you. £^£??
v We are able to give better returns than any other Yfij&S
r, m company, for we have only high-class securities. J*p»»
;4-Js0^ If you have $100,000 we can take care of that to («»•'£*>*-
t ' g your profit. jfSf*^
|§§J West Coast Investment Company, fif|j
gj|«» ¦ Phelan Building. J*..The srrand commanderv of the Knlgrhts
Temjriar of California closed Its session
Friday afternoon with the . Installation
by Past Commander J. F Merrill of the
elected and appointed officers. The ap
pointed officers are R. H. Sink, grand pre
late; C.' L. Field, grand standard bearer:
8. I>. Mayer, ffrand organist; Q. "W. Per
kins, grand guard; H. D. Stephens, grand
warden, and Hudson B. Gillls, grand
eword bearer.
Knights Install Officers.
FEELINC CAUSED
BY THE CHANGE
Election Is Ordered for
Major of Artillery
Battalion.
Troop A, Cavalry, Has Prac
tice Ride — Nerney Desires
a New Ship.
Th« reduction of the First Infantry
Regiment from a twelve to an eight com
pany organization by the Board of Loca
tion and Organization for the purpose of
creating a battalion of coast artillery,
while It was not wholly unexpected by
those who are located In the Page-street
armory, has, now that It has been or
dered, created feeling against the com
panies of tho Ellis-street armory. At the
time that Thomas F. O'Neil was elected
colonel of the First the companies in the
Ellis-street armory manifested a feeling
of displeasure, at the result of the election
and while there was an apparent submis
sion to the will of the majority there was
a. great deal of thinking as to how tjie
four companies could be without the com
mand of the colonel who was not to their
liking. The suggestion was made that an
artillery battalion be formed and for some
time It was thought that It should be com
posed of light batteries. But then some
one suggested a battalion of coast defense
artillery and It was pointed out that such
a branch of the service would be more
likely to meet the approval of the body
that has the power to make changes in
the guard. And it did, as the order issued
last Friday shows. This, of course, takes
out of the FirsX the company letteri C,
G, F and K, and will necessitate a change
oi the company letters of the remaining
eight companies.
Number of Majors Beduced.
The reorganization has, as the order
from Sacramento directs, reduced the
number of majors In the First to two and
the battalion adjutants to a like number.
Major Robertson and Lieutenant Mc-
Guerren being, as the orders say, "re
lieved and placed on waking orders," a
new feature in the National Guard.
Orders were issued yesterday for an
election for major of the new battalion.
It will be held at the Ellis-street armory
on May 4. Major James A. Margo. in
spector on the Second Brigade stall, will
preside.
Captain Thomas J. Cunningham, who
returned with the First California Volun
teers as a major and on the reorganiza
tion of the First was re-elected captain of
Company K, is to prepare a list of the
necessary staff officers for the new bat-
JTor the position of major of the new or
ganization two candidates are named —
Henry T. Bush, on the retired list, for
merly colonel of the First, and Charles
Boxton, who returned from the Philip
pines with the First California Regiment
of Valunteers as lieutenant colonel and
¦who was defeated by O'Neil for the
colonelcy of the First. The former has
been very active In the matter of organ
izing a battalion of artillery, he holding
that such an organization In this city,
where there is but one regiment, would
arouse a generous rivalry the two
organizations and be the means of creat
ing more enthusiasm in the guard.
L>ast Sunday Troop A, Cavalry, Captain.
Charles Jansen commanding, to the num
ber of thirty-six, was out for a practice
march. The troop rode from the armory
on Market street through the Mission dis
trict to the San Bruno road and 'went as
far as Baden. After an hour for rest and
lunch the order to mount was srlven and
the troop rode across country to the, In
gleside track where there was a drill,
after which there was a rid© to the ocean
highway and a ride home through the
park. The troop will parade In full dress
uniform on the occasion of the reception
of President McKlnley.
Nerney Wants a New Snip.
Captala-" Thomas A. Nerney, havlns: as
sumed command of the Naval Militia by
virtue of his recent election, says that the
militia, being now detached from the land
forces, will be recruited up and will con
form g-enerally to the provisions of the
laws of the United States and that the
system of discipline and exercise shall
conform as nearly as possible to that of
the United States navy. He is of the
opinion that when it shall be demonstrated
that the Naval Militia of California Is up
to date that a modern war vessel will be
substituted by the Navy r>epartment for
the old Marion. He Is of the opinion that
If the auxiliary, which may at any time
b« called Into service. Is to be of any
practical value It should be Instructed on
a modern vessel Instead of one that has
become obsolete.
»• THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, APRIL ¦ 21/- 1901,
Pilot Spencef Exonefatsd.
George Spencer, pilot of the riVer steam
er City of ; Dawson, , was examined yes
terday morning by United States Commis
sioner Heacock on a , charge of having
neglected to hang up his license on the
steamer in plain view. Spencer showed
that on account of a clerical error In his
license he had taken it down for correc-.
tion. j Judge Heacock thereupon dismissed
the case.
YOUNG MEN'S CHBISTIAN
I .ASSOCIATION JUBILEE
Fiftieth Anniversary of Establish
'j.-jment on '-This Continent to Be
Celebrated in Boston.
The fiftieth anniversary of the establish
ment of theijwork of the Young Men's
Christian Association on' this continent
will be celebrated in Boston June 11 to . 1C.
Elaborate . preparations are being made,
the intention being to make of this jubi
lee celebration the greatest event In the
history of the organization. _ - - ' ' "
- Doleg-ates will be present from all parts
of the United States and Canada, and
many will attend from Great Britain and
the Continent. . :
Mrs.' Pfaff Held for I Murder.
Judge Fritz decided yesterday afternoon
to hold Mrs. Maggie Pfaff on the charge
of murder, but consented to fix her bonds
In $4000. She was accused of throwing- a
lighted lamp at , Mrs. . Mary Marvin, 1411
Folsom street, on the night of April 9,
Mrs. Marvin being fatally burned.-
Postal Clerk Hare Promoted.
Postal Clerk Frank ? i. Hare has been
promoted ' to be an' inspector with head
quarters In this city. ; Sir. Hare has been
fourteen years In ,the postal '¦ service, and
has earned the reputation of being a faith
ful, Industrious and efficient officer.
Attorney H. H. Ixwenthal was held to
answer before the Superior Court by
Judge Fritz yesterday afternoon on the
charge of felony embezzlement for having
misappropriated $490 received by him in
payment of , furniture for his client; Mrs.
Clara Knauer, f pnnerly of 722 Commercial
street. -V-/A
When the Judge rendered, his decision
Lowenthal threw his hands in the air and
with a moan fell to the floor In a faint.
His attorney, J. F. Smithson, and Bailiff
Dougherty lifted him to his feet and he
cried- for his little girl, ¦ who was In the
Judge's chambers. She rushed into court
and Lowenthal hugged her and wept bit
terly, crying, "They have killed me; they
have killed me." The Judge fixed his
bonds .at. $2000, and in a few minutes he
was released.
Mrs. Nellie Davids, wife of the ex-man
agei for Al Nelll, the pugilist, appeared
before Judge Cook yesterday morning on
a writ of habeas corpus, and she created
a scene of intense excitement In the court.
Siio was accompanied . by her little girl,
seven years of age, and -without a mo
ment's warning she suddenly emitted a
piercing scream and apparently fainted.
A liberal supply of cold water brought her
The Judge • continued the case till to
morrow, to enable the District Attorney to
file an answer to the return made by the
defendant's attorney.
In view of the proceedings In the Supe
rior Court the police- yesterday booked
Mrs. Davids at the City Prison on two
charges of burglary and three charges of
petty larceny. > * , . ;
Attorney H. H. Lowen
thal andNellie Davids
Swoon.
TWO DRAMATIC
SCENES IN COURT
Quick Work by Custom* Officers.
Customs Surveyor Spear Is felicitating
himself upon the brilliant record made by
his office from last Monday morning until
noon yesterday In dispatching: the busi
ness of searching: and landing: bagg&gre.
Durine the period mentioned 6000 soldiers
from Manila were landed, together with
their bagguge, consisting of more than
12,000 pieces. Every one of these pieces
has been handled and Inspected by the
Customs Inspectors and landed safely.
lalion.
32
,££$[ - &<i"oii i sfi f in & Off ers in Sillcs vvM-C : &* W$
wv \P The good news gets better. Added to those magnificent silks we put on S2le last Monday at HALF PRICE {W^~\S^^lf//1r^^[^ /L
. i ..The, man wanted to make a sharp turn.; He was willing to accept a loss if he could accomplish his purpose at
New, Bright Silks in All the Choicest Colorings.
Jytflf} The newness, perfection^ and beauty of these silks makes the offer oneof rare importance. You can't get newer or prettier silks if you'd go to regular stocks
\fifa#>^ And how opportune! "Just when you're thinking of a- Summer waist or a new frock, or if you haven't been thinking of one (on account of cost), you may.. /(
W^^\ There isn't a thrifty, prudent woman within reach of the store who can afford to let this opportunity slip. Three prices: •- • ..-,-: , (v.
75c Pierola Cloth 50c. 59c yard New Qrenadines 75c Yard.
A bright, silky stuff in small and medium designs— a goods much sought . FiVrifp^n cfvW nnri in a multitude of coloring-s from Thc ver y latest thinRS this sea s° n - The .y ' J " st cai ". e f " f^in th^rrT
after now for stylish dresses. One that has neve? been lold under 75c A Eighteen styles and in a multitude Ol colorings, irom Women after newness and novelty will be greatly interested in them,
fortunate purchase makes this fortunate price— 50c— 42 inches wide. white through the entire range of color variations. Gf prime Black, 45 inches wide, striped and brocaded. . . ,
75c A1U Wool Cheviot 55c. importance are the" _ io=inch Wash Surah 75c.
Strong and firm, but light, especially adapted for outing wear. It is" New Roman Stripes, a Coming Favorite for Fall. . . • 0 ... * «, t v >> titteW
sponged and shrunk— 40 inches wide-15 pieces are all that we have to sell , Satin Brocades. ¦ Warp Prints, > Jacquards. ¦¦;. i; Jt wil1 wash - we know h " We . g^ 3^" th 5 c °!°" ™ J^,Sv°olmi
at th ls pnce-550-xnstead of 7S c Hemstitched Stripes, Corded Effects, Novelty Stripes and O'.hers fast - This 1S especially adapted for wa.sts. . Comes in all the popular colors.
20C Satin SUpreme Skirt Lining I2LC «? ™$*> inches wide So popular are-they^we could readily sell every yard NeW Flanttel SUkS 7?C«
A fine twilled goods in all the-hitrh fancv colors— 12 inches wide It ' at doub!e the price we'll ask— and still be giving values we'd be proud of. - . , . i : A t
has been selling lot™ T We^havc ma Sed i?7o^ to rigc to n^. stir to We're not here to speculate. Our business is to supply you with what you One of the newest silken beauties, with a soft finish, and spotted here,
the lining section. - want. We're satisfied with a small, regular commission for doing it. . and there in self-colored brocaded dots. Comes in 12 plain leading snades.
Shrincr Salp'vif Nntinnc and C8 ? makcr8 ' ' A Remarkable Offering of Our, entire stock of thousands of | The one gpcat Ribbon sensa-j
1111^ *-^<*IC %Jl IXULlUUiJ Findings. Jl • r ~ 1 s • * s~* % O * yards of this season's brightest tion of thc season. I
Little things at large savings. . % | }f\ I Wffk f* \C 1 fl I ¥ I O Vfi^ riOC- and freshest ¦• * — *
To-morrow marks the beginning of one of the most important notion l/VUCl1 iVIU UlUYV^j V/\JVf» ¦ . , w^ • < +
fe a ringr' VC yCt Planned ' if judKed by the variety and im P° rtan « of thc of - -' ', We might say dollar and a quarter if we classed them by . |\OVGltV IN CCKXV 1 DR5OI1S
It lias taken much time and work to gather the stocks— arid to get the Usual glove Standards — ONE DOLLAR BY OURS. It's ' ac- V \J
them under their market value. The list bristles with . tually the same quality of a glove we formerly sold for a fourth ¦ Go on sale to-morrow morning
Common Things at Uncommon Prices. more. «-* ¦% •
The bigger your needs the more reason for your laying in a supply now. 01 1 1 j 'i • '^ A ¦" VJp*(w fl "1 C 1 ¦ \ €\ X\
belt (^fppoBTEB,s i2^c— Completi ) Findings Necessary for fit So when we can lower our already low- ri r\L I\CU ttCLIU li£f»
Ladies' iatin gored hose support- ' fnr/v'e 9###/ lm ered prices it means a good deal to you. Li ¦NTnt n^varri i«s VielH in rpservp not a vard- is hurt in anr
ers — with button catch 2 gross in « LQuy S dull. If/i ¦ - ; ' I I • -yara is neia in reserve, not. a yd.ru is nun in any
o^n-^uTTnd^ed blackl W • We Guarantee- .Every Pair. /ffl wa y»' not a pattern is outlawed, and the range of colorings is as
CTJBE S PINS oV^s' dozen cubes. LJard^Sce^neCasing """"I 'Me ' |/Ji • You V a re^t»t^afe:^f^^id | choice and full as if you went to regular stocks. In fact it is
containing 200 jet head pins— as- \ p^e seam Binding •••••••••••.•• .ioc; ¦ if. \ .-you don't geta full dollar's worth .of. beauty and vaiue , .HyM'- : .-- our regular stock of fancy neck and millinery ribbons that you
sorted sizes. 1 cara Hooks and Eyes (the Stand- jgjfl V ' f or 8oc we don't want you to keep the gloves. ••••.- 7y,'7 f . /. .- J J
GAILTEB ELASTIC 10c YAEI)_ 1 l>air * Haie's "stockin;t""i5ress* O4c '--I- ,io : ~r» • '-'i *. ri c ¦ &W$ may choose from now at sale prices.
Fancy frilled, ij4 inches wide, col- ffiSS^raKJiT.-: 4£ c HE 4OOO "Fairs JUSt- Mere rrom. , -:-U:' i . • Widths Qi/ to S inches And nune Rilk
ors red, pink, blue, helio and black - 1 spo01 SUkana Twlst — •— __ 1 10c W - 1 r ,.:.. ; :. " ' ,W ; - VViatHS TO O lncnes. Ana pure 6HK.
—6 gross in the assortment. -,85c . ¦'¦'¦'¦"'. .^.._U.C.rniany. ud We believe in lowering prices when it will do you and, us
J5? 3E l? ? hSi^S?n 4^i^ r^iSr Better Grades. II Lrfj, As new and. fresh. and faultless as human skill can .. / . f\ the most good, and now when they are stiffening all round us,
2S£ 5 -a k cIasP \ cIoth . co vered - <% yards s. H. & M. Brush Edge •¦ I j- make them— right in the height of their style and use- \\ , ¦¦¦>¦¦ t -uu \ *u 1 a '
with wide metal protector— 30 Binding for .54* .w ! f u i ne « ¦ - . •- \\ and when you want ribbons most come these lowered prices on
dozen in the assortment.. 1 dozen real Whale Bones......... .18 L.Hi •",-;-- ---- ,, . . Jh\ . . , \_ ', c j.t.- » j x-
HOBN BONES 4c DOZEN— 8 and o 9 -y ard PJece Bone Casing .%... .25 nVCl We re ambitious. If better glove values, are possible m\ » favored sorts — the very cream OI tniS Season S productions.
inches long-20 gross. These uoodi'JgSS IStS Imdlnf ffif:: ' ,^8 'S are to have theni. We fibred with the man M Everything at three prices: - ;
were bought for regular stock, but 1 card Duplex Hook! and Eyes!:. .m WA H e found. out if. we could buy so many more thousand SW vc V tX11 S ttt F
having bought such a quantity we I palr Pif,\ Dress^Shields ' .25 \ w T^ pairs a year he would make them twenty cents cheaper /ffH, * IA > lir
are able to sell at this price--4c Zz X SP ° 01 Sllk and TwIst "V -3<> a pair. - Done. We signed a contract for an immense : W I9C. . 29C. 33 C *
•U AIGLON BELTS 45c_Of black . »1.85 W\> qu^f tlt , y " ', '¦". ¦ . .;' /I/// Lottsaine weaves, new- Liberty satins, self- Wide printed warps—
velvet, strikingly relieved with gold FINISHING BBAID 5c PIECE I/A That s why you can have for ,,^ _. ! / est polka dot effects, as colored polka dots. Dresden effects— choice
braid and a rosette, from which — White cotton, 6 yard pieces of dif- RA • ' O - l^v • / /(~1 we^ as white with col- white taffeta and cord styles, and wide ribbons
drop- s ribbon streamers with ferent patterns. Vii cSCIC *\ \^*\ fl t* ' ' 1 1 orc^ stripes, brilliant and lace effect stripes on with plaid corded bor-
mttime TRACING WHEELS 5c EACH— \T\ VVV , " ' wu \ taffeta grounds in col- colored grounds, gold ders and solid white*
CORDED BELTS 4SC— Black satin. Gf good steel, with enameled han- »° • A H ¦ +^- ' • c.~tA « - -,. r» fl llK\ ors, with white pin dots stripes on plain grounds, centers, plain taffeta
pulley effect. die— at notion counter SC /A^. UlOVeS neretOTOre SOld IOr a LlOIIar. . v I .Mv and 'half-inch stripes— such as lavenders, blue, white center. solid
• /[I #¦ C 3 iS A e ff, r^ IS ° raiSCd DilC SneU beSs b ° rdCrS ~ 1Cadin)?
nCC Cnrcpfc int* ->Rn A Great Coi * 8ct ' \l skin - The back * a^ e embroidered. They are caught at "/^7 corded effects. and others. Ibejmties.
J?)*' vUliCl& ltir 3°^» Opportunity. Ill the wrist with ' two clasps. Choose from a full ranse of /#/ And there is every favorite shade you can , think of amons: them— tur-
gff ¦ K r n . .. , v ~ . . - v \\\\ a ji t j. e choicest colorings tan mode erav red and If I quoise, violet, maize, navy. pink, cardinal, light blue, cense, nile and so on.
JiSMk one that's h^or^XSwA^ll^L^' 1 n ° fr \ b acklfiOc a pa°ir? S ' ' ' * Y> f$ The variety is so wonderful and of many .orti, and the quantity so limited.
/dPt!^ « » / or f d « cc # tlv f e « anv way-but f \ rnnvpn :, nrp t t,, vM , t,, , n \A fr^m *UU t a h1« 'J that il i<5 impossible to give accurate details. Stocks will be specially arranged
gglll'Sn New, Perfect and Stylish Corsets at Half Price. U s Zl Vsi 3^ tZi 1 JSl » Mif t^ on bar^ ain tables - where vbu mav find easily aild quickly what you want ~
_'X Made of. plain pink and blue sateen, well boned, two \ Blzes 6 an d 6V4 on table 2,' aisle 2." V Y/fl lift plenty of extra salespeople on hand.
J side steels and a zone waist. The front is 14 inches \ \ |}^ 2f ?%% l# °V^ ble 3> * isle J' i ', # - /7 /
Ti ** irtnrr +Vi« *^^ i- *_:- . j' 'it. i j i. l -l-i- • \ • \ ' oizes . ois ana 6% and < on center bargain square or cross ¦ -m-m » r -• * • » •» « »"^ •
I' f long —^tne top is trimmed with lace and baby ribbon — \«\ aisle. . ¦ • \A/Atnon'c H acp Innciiil l-'f*ir r^c
J <V every size from 18 to 27 3Sc instead of 75c. Vv&'v ~ -^^^^&ZK ~ I UlllCll &• ¦ 1U9C UlltloUcll * I lvCj.
r{&> .^Sv xi^ 5 but ., haIf the j?°° d news— ; X'C^, r/^^^/S?^ —^^-S^/ JSL\ I . You may count that week lost which does not develop some extraordia-
AV^>?**A theTtRA^GHT FRONT-DOLLAR. ' '^Z^^tt&r' 'jiwl ary hosiery offerings here. Thank our New York sentinels for finding these
j**7 ( A "1.T* 5 ) Thompson's empire— dollar! . V /y^/u^^s^^^^^^^^^^^^jY^^^^^d^'\ \ S 6C0 pairs Lacs Hose at 25c.
feff-fpM Simmed^ ThVTtraSh? fronfi^nrif *?? l^' JW>M W^C^^^^^^^^J^M f t Wf^ An im P orted Hermsdorf black hose-fine gauge, full fashioned-doublc heels
( BS^M/r THE W. B. EEECT-FOEM COBSETS AT $2.5O, WKf/Jk * t x lllv \ '^M^WmftMtfi!^^ the regular
\ Y^Mmii as well as the celebrated REDFERN CORSETS AT H&K^|lV«H™^^ ' wBffll\\\ymm -^ ¦ 3 pairs Ltele-Thrsad Stockings for $1.00.
\ \^7J'n\\y\\ $3.00, are leaders in their class— here in full assort- BWpb^^^Jiy IfBiSSfflTOIBi^^y^SSSBIB^g^^^. 3***r\k\ I \<»W^ And not more than one month in the year are we able to offer such a value
\y^^J" lllfmjl ment. ' I3B&. TS^y!~ M^S^^Sy^^^^^^^'^^r .., 'Jm;Vffl as this — 720 pairs in the purchase. It is a fine imported ingrain, lisle thread
Expert corset fitters will wait on you — '^ft^^^a^^^^^wBii^^^lffilllSi^S^Sffl stocking, fine, firm and light, in 2 styles, Rembrandt. Richelieu drop stitch, .
Private fitting rooms a^e handy, too. ¦' ' double heels and toes. Louis Hermsdorf dye, sizes & r A to 10.
¦ ' ¦ ; •¦ ' '"•' " • ' ' - ¦'¦¦'"> ¦-"-'¦' - . ¦ ' ''..'¦ .'."•'' ' ¦' - ¦ ¦ " ' '¦?•' 1 '-i"..";-^.'<i> ¦'•-*:"*'- .;"'-.' : ' '
j m&rket Street Near SixtHV j HfllC^S (jOOd QOOdS. j Alarkett X)pp. Golden Gate, j
Hale's.:
Hale's.
Hale's.
Hale'a.
Hale's.
Hale's.
DEAfTHS.
Continued^from Page Thirty-One.
CereaJ
I Fruit I
\46XJ
\Grains/
A Perfect Food Drink
Made from the choicest
fruits and cereals grown
in California.
Possesses a delicate flavor
and aroma not found in
any other Cereal Coffee.
All grocers sell it.
Pills
Purely vecetable, mild and reliable. Cause
perfect digestion, complete • ¦ absorption and
healthful rerularity.
For the cure of all disorders of the Stomach.
Liver. Bowels. Kidneys, Bladder. Female Ir-
rerularitiee, Eick Headache. Biliousness. Con-
stipation, Piles and all derangements of the
Internal VJscera. 25c a box. At Druggists, or
by mail. RADWAY & CO.. New York.
Willie MeAulifEe, a native of San Francisco,
aged >25 ¦ years. .'.--¦ ,' -
- tETFtiends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to ¦ attend the funeral this day
(Sunday),' at 1 o'clock, from the parlors of
J. C. : O'Connor- & *Co., 767 Mission street.
Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
GLYNN— In the City and County. Hospital,
¦ April 19, 1901, 'John" Glynn, a native of Maine,
aged 45 years. ; ',-'_- . '«
HABERMACHEH- In this city. April 18, 1901.
Ferdinand, beloved husband of Susana Hab-
' ermacher, .and father of Ferdinand, . George
Emll, Mathilda and Albertlna Habermacher.
a native ; of Luzerne,' Switzerland, aged 64
i years. -A member of Mount Hamilton ¦ Lodge
-" No." 43, "A. Q. ;.U. "W. 1 . San "Jose, and the 8an
•; Francisco Grutli Verein. (San 'Jose papers
.-please copy.). > " . ¦ . . - • .* :
(E?'Friends, : acquaintances and members of
the Grutli Verein are respectfully invited, to
attend the funeral this day (Sunday), at 10
o'clock; from the funeral parlors of -Charles
: H.. Jacob ¦&¦ Co., i 318 Mason street., between
Q'Farreir and Geary:... Interment. I.. O. O. F.
"-'.Cemetery. . '.- - • •'.-"'¦.¦ . -,
HANNA$— In this city,' April 20, 1901. Wlfliam'
..> D.,c dearly -beloved son, of Michael .,and"' the
tr'late Bridget Hannan," ahd.j beloved brother of
.; James, Lillian, Kate, Nellie and ths late
.' George, and Mamie Hannan, a native uf. San
,• Francisco. ? . • - .¦¦-*;'.¦ '>¦¦.'.' .'.
..- cy Friends "and acquaintances nre .respect-'
. . fully:Hnvitea to attend the funeral to-morrpw
.'(Monday), at 8:30 o'clock, ; from the parents'
' ¦ residence, . 637 ; Howard street, thence to St.
Brendan's Church," where a requiem high
i mass will be celebrated for the repose of his
' soul ¦ at t 9 .- o'clock. . Interment Holy • Crosn
Cemetery." • • ¦ ¦ .
HARE— In this ¦ city, April 18, 1901, Stanislaui
D.. dearly, beloved husband of Mary Hare,
.'¦ beloved: son- of -P. M. and Bridget Hare, and
. brother . of John ' P. and • Fanny - Hare, - a - na-
streets. Oakland, thence to St Francis a>
Sales Church, where a requiem mass will be
celebrated for the repose of his soul, com-
mencing at 9 o'clock Interment St. Manr*a
Cemetery, Oakland.
McCORMICK— In this city, April 19, 1901, Sis-
ter Mary 'Raphael McCormlck. Sister of
.Mercy, beloved sister of John and Thomas
McCormlck. a native of Pennsylvania.
C?"rhe • funeral will take place thla day
(Sunday), from the Chapel of tha Passion,
attached to St Mary's Hospital, where a
solemn requiem mass will be celebrated for
the repose of her soul, commencing: at %
o'clock. Interment immediately after.
McCURDY— In this city, April 20. 1901 David
McCurdy, beloved father of Mabel and James
McCurdy, and brother of Samuel McCurdy.
a native of County Antrim. Ireland, ased 43
years.
MACKIE— In this city. April 20, 1301. Louise
E. Mackle, beloved wife of William Mackle,
and daughter of Mrs. M. Waters, a native
of San Jose, aged 32 years.
E7The funeral will take place Tuesday.
April 23. at San Jose. Cal.
MASCHENDORF— In this city, April 20, 1901.
Dledrich. beloved husband of SoDhle Mas-
chendorf, father of Llllie and Sophie Mas-
' chendorf, and brother of Mrs. J. Apmann.
Mrs. D. Rengstorf and Henry Maschendorf.
a native of Schwarme, Hanover, Germany,
aged 29 years 7 months and 1 day.
OLIVER— In this city. April 19. 1901. William
Alfred, dearly beloved son of William, and
Maria .Oliver (nee Kewiom). and brother of
Hazel and Edna Oliver, a native of San Jose,
aged 2 years and 27' days.
ETFrlenda and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend tho funeral this day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence of
his parents. 166 Ninth street, between How-
ard and Mission. Interment Laurel Hill
Cemetery.
RICH— In San Jose. April 19. 1901. Mrs. Ame-
lia Rich. reJict . of the late Jacob Rich, a
native of Germany.
RICHARDS— In this city, April 18. 1901. WH-
liam Richards, dearly beloved husband of
Mary Richards, and beloved father of Wil-
liam Jr. and Walter Richards, a native of
Bristol. England, aged 41 years 8 months and.
1G days. A member of Court California No.
7914, A. O. F. (Vallejn papers please copy.)
ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
' fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), .at 1 'o'clock, from Masonic Hall.
avenue south. South San Francisco, where
services will be held under the auspices of
Court California No. 7914. A. O. F. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery. Remains at th»
parlors of the Gantner & Guntz Undertaking
Company. 1209 Mission street, until 11:30
o'clock a. m. Sunday.
RdBINSOX— In this city, April 20. 1901. Lottie
I. Robinson, beloved wife of Harry W. Rob-
' inson, a native of Chicago. I1L, a*ed 30
• yearn. '.
ROBINSON'— In the City and County Hospital.
April 20. 19C1. Dotie Robinson, a native oi
Illinois, aged 31 years.'
WALTER— In this city. April IS. 1901. DavM
.. P.. beloved husband of Lizzie Walter, father
of Henry., Lawrence, Belle and Ardie Wal-
. ter, and brother of Harry Walter, a native
; of. London. England; aged 51 years 2 months
and -20 days. v- ¦.
CT Friends and ac«icatntances are respect-
fully^ Invited to attend the funeral this day
• (Sunday), at 10 o'clock, from hia late resi-
dence. 1120 Church street, between Twenty-
third and Twenty-fourth. Interment Home
of Peace Cemetery by carriage.
• i AM 11 **?"* «^? lar meeting of the Califor-
nia Marble and Granite Dealers' Association
resolutions of regret were pas«ed on the
death of tha late George H. Jonea. who was
a prominent member o£ the association.
tive of San Francisco, aged 23 years 4 months
and 15 days. ' .. ',/.-'
C7"Friends.' and. acquaintances are respect-
fully in-vited- to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 7:30 o'clock. - from the residence
of his parc-nts, 153 Tenth street, thence to St.
Joseph's Church, where a requiem mass will
be • celebrated for the repose of his soul at
8 o'clock.- Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
HILLMANN— In this city, April IS, 1901, Jonn
Hillmann, beloved brother of D.Meyer ana
John' Meyer of San Francisco, H. Meyer oi
New York and Metta Sorges of Canada, a
native of Leeste. Hanover. Germany, ag-ea
59 years 11 months and. 22 days. ,A member
of Concordia Lodge No. 122, I. O. O. F.. ana
. Walhalla Encampment No. 7, I. O. O. F.
IcyFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
< Sunday), at ' 2 • o'clock, from Odd Fellows'
Hall, corner Seventh and Market streets,
where services will be held under the aus-
pices of Concordia Lodge No. 122. I. O. O. F.
Interment 1. O. O. F. Cemetery. Remains
• at the parlors of H. F. Maase. 917 Mission
street. '• ; . -' .
HUME— Entered Into rest, in Berkeley, April
20, . 1901, Joseph Hume, husband x of Bessie
Hume, a native of Ausfusta, Me., a*ed 57
' years and 2 days.
ICTFrlends.. and. acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral : services
at his late residence, 2001 Dwight way. Berke-
ley, Tuesday, April 23. at 2 o'clock.
JONES— In this • city. April 20. 1901. ¦ Edward
Jones, a -native of New Orleans.' La., aged 81
years and -19 days.. .. ,. . ,-¦ ; .
KRAUSCH— In this city, April 30. .1901, Kath-
crlne, dearly beloved wife of John Henry
• Krausch. mother of Lizzie Krausch. and sis-
ter of Mrs.- Sauter and Henry L. Dlehl. a
• native of Hessen. Germany, ased 57 years 9
months and 27 days.
LAMMERS— In this city. April . 20, 1901, Jo-
hanna T. 'Lammers (nee Tobbenboske) and
Infant son. dearly beloved- wife and son of ;
George' H.' Lammers, and sister of Mrs. "Wil-
liam' F. ' Ohm, a native or San Francisco,
ased ' 30 years and 16 days. *
. CTN6tl<?e of funeral hereafter.
LANIiRAM— In this city, April 20. 1901. Lncy
A., beloved wffe of R. M. Landrsm. mother
of J- A.. J. P. and W. R. Landram and
Mrs. R- A. Sears, and sister of Terry Gib-
son of Auburn, Cal.. a native of Missouri,
aeed £6 years 11 months and 10 days.
fCyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-inorrow
(Monday), at 9:45 o'clock," from th« funeral
parlors of Porter &. "White, 122 Eddy street,
thence to the First Baptist Church, Eddy
street, . between Jones and Leaven worth.
' . where services will be , held. Interment Cy-
prts"? Lawn Cemetery. •
LYNCH— In this city. April 12. 1901. John, be-
loved husband of Afrzle Lynch, a native of
Napa County, aged 28 years." ¦ •
LYNCH- In this city, April IS. 1901. Michael,
beloved son • of • John - and the late Mary
Lynch, and • brother of the late Hannah.
-Ellen- and Mary. Lynch, a native of San
Francisco, aged 24 years and -11 months,
r |T7"FrIend3.and acquaintances are respect-
¦ '. fully. Invited tr> attend the funeral to-morrow
<Monda.yV.at a<SO o'clock, from his late resi-
525 Seventh, street, thence to StRose'j
where a solemn i requiem high mass
> will be. celebrated for the repose • of his ' soul, ;
.cotrm^ncinK -. at 9 o'clock. - Interment - Holy
; Cress. .Cemetery,. ;.-:-:-'•'. ,¦ . - •
MCCARTHY— In Hanford,- 'April 18. 1901. John
V McCarthy, beloved . brother. 'of ".Thomas and
Patrick McCarthy, and cousin of Mrs. John
Coots, -Mrs.- T. Lynch, Mrs. Nora Murphy and
Lizzie, Patrick 'and James McCarthy, a na-
tive of County Kerry, Ireland, aged 51 years.
« ETFriends and acquaintances : are . respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the parlors
. of ,. Jaxaea .. McManus,, Seventh aad Castro
123O-I232-1234 MARKET ST.,
200 Tailor-Made Suits witl positively be closed
out at prices that will surprise and please.
gantly trimmed* .full ||^|W
$7.o.j Castor Cloth JACKETS, lined, for . i ..?4.5O /
': $7:50 Bolero Panne Velvet, Satin lined, for . .... . . . . . ,\ . ] . . .$5.00
$io.ooRaye Silk Bolero Jackets for ; . ..... ;«Y; :V. . ; .\ .^'. v.r.'. ;i .\;C$6;05:
$i5.ooXovert Cloth.Raelans for. . . ; . ;. .'. . . . . ..... .'.".". .'.".".v.i \$1O.OO
$15.00 Silk Skirts for .'.'.'.:-. l.W'.V.'. '..";. /.':.. ".'."/.I". '.';\!!!\....:..§10-QO
?2b.oo Silk^Slcirts'fpr'.;.';.';; .• . . >. ¦;'.[ ¦'.'. :.•;;;;;.;;.; ;.;.. .VvV. ; ;:$i5.^)0
' $25.00 Silk^Skirts for. . .•.";.'.'.'•.'. . . •;".'. . . '.' ':;. . .; .v. /¦.!!'"! '.'.)'*?'. !\$18;3O'
The Very Latest, : Elegantly Mide and 'LinecJ;
EXTRA INDUCEMENTS
/VT THE
UuLUfcn llAIt
CLOAK and SUIT HOUSE
,ATW kUtinhiTH KN'L'Bi