VOLUME XC-ISO. 11. i
THE General Hospital "at the Pre- :
sidio • was jj nearly destroyed * by \ a ',
flre that , broke out L in ". the' paint •
shop connected with ¦ the ihstitu
-tlon shortly after 4 - o'clock yes
terday afternoon. As it was, fully, a third ¦-
General Hospital at the Presidio Is Damaged by Fire to
the Extent of $40,000-— Explosion of Gasoline Lamp
.in; the Paint Shop Is the Cause of the Conflagration
WAR-WORN VETERANS ARE SAVED
FROM DEATH AMID RAGING FLAMES
BY HEROIC MEDICAL CORPS MEN
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
"Neither Great Britain, France nor
Russia ever approached Germany to par
ticipate in any action aiming at ending
the South African war. Germany has all
along" distinguished between offering her
good offices and intervention.' To render
her good offices would be possible if
gan work thereon. The dispatch has cre
ated a sensation here. The following For
eign Office statement is authorized by
Count von ••Bulow, the" Imperial Chancel
lor: , ; V- 1 *
, \' Continued on' Second Page.
. CITY OF MEXICO, June lO^A* clerical
sensation • has been '-caused.' at Run Go
ronlmo, near, tho* village of Otuibo. 'It la
alleged; .that 1 ., 1 Senor' jVlllavenclb,; madly
jealous: of 'a .Spanish priest named Mar
clo, onv account' of .a .woman,- penetrated
the ' priest's ' church .during," the f hour \ of
confession - and \ shot , . him ; ¦ dead C on "the
spot.'' This \ assassination iithe prV
clncts : ofitheichurch* is' said to be quite
unparalleie'd } in "¦. the*< history i, of • the" "mur
der's-In this country.'.- ,'" '" v '• /:*:V;V. ';))
Crime! Committed ' Near San.
, ' ' fV Geronimo. ,. V
Sensation ,. Caused hy; a. Terrible
PRIEST IS ; MTTRDERED .
, IN HIS qONFESSIONAL
Mr. Elliott told the Interviewer that tho
Jlaldwin locomotives consumed 20 per
cent more fuel than the DriUsh, 'but* ho
thought this might be duo to the fact that
they were of tho Fame type us those sup
plied to Japan. Discussing the Schenecr
tady locomotives, he said their hauling
power was greater than that of any loco
motives before used In the colony, but, the
question of their durability was one that
¦would require time to decide,/
LONDON. Jun<» 11.— Tho Daily Express
publishes an interview with Charles 15.
Klllott . general manager of tho Capo Gov
ernment railways, : regarding locomotives
employed on the linos under hl« supcr
vlKion.
Burn More Fuel Than British
Engines, "
Those in Use in South Africa Said t)
TESTINO THE VALUE OF
AMERICAN LOCOMOTIVES
Canada at Vera Crux that «n : executive
decree i»suoil by President Dlax" author
ises collectors of customs nt tho principal
ports: o'n thfi Atlantic and Pacific coasts
of Mexico to allow vessels, without re
striction as to nationality and tonnage,
to discharge their cargoes at ports on the
Mexican const where thero are no custom
houses or officers.' '
Another decreo exempts consular in
voices covering coin of any country or
banknotes of any bank established under
State or Federal law in' Mexico from the
consular fee, provided no other merchan
dise is covered by the invoice; V.~-
MEXICAN CONCESSION
TO FOREIGN VESSELS
They May Discharge Cargoes at Ports-
Where There Are No Custom
. Houses'. .
WASHINGTON, Juno 10.— Tho Stato
Department has been informed by Consul
... .. . :. -..
SCENES "AT THE BURNING
OF ,' THE :; GENERAL HOSPI
' TAL, PRESIDIO. .
B« Lose ' Their Clothing.
• In nearly -the. wards were kept e*-. ;
The sad scene ot wreck-. and .ruin pre-'
sented when the smoke had drifted away
brought tears to the eyes of many. of the'
former inmates of the hospital. ' The
beautiful : grounds surrounding the build
ings were covered r with -" beds, beddlnff,
medicine chests, all smashed and splin
tered. 'Linen that had been snow-white
was trampled upon and stained ?wtth mud
and covered with embers. ' Twisted pipes
and broken windows - were to be seen In
every ' direction. Flre had destroyed the
'work of years, and almost totally • con
sumed an institution which was* the pride
.of the^armycniedlcal
. - . As near as can be learned \ the ' flre .Tvas '
; caused ; by : the v ; explosion "of a . gasollno
.paint. burner In the paint shop under tlio
northern end of the patients*, dining- hall.'.
The carpenter shop was connected AWlth'
the paint shop, and the flames, fed oh the
Inflammable material flit Insr tho work
nhopa. The flre ate! Its way rapidly to the'
dining hall and the library.; and., wafted
by; the i stiff "westerly • breeze. • connected
• with " the , patients' kitchen and ' the ' hos
pital corps men's living quarters.
• .Wards F and G was the next portion of v
the building. to -feed the .. flames." .¦ Tho \
blaze was tlnnlly conquered after .a por
tion' of ; ward 11 had ' been chopped away.
The commissary and medical '. ) store- .'
• rooms . were destroyed ; completely by th»
flames, .entailing a > loss . of fully JSOOO
worth of medical supplie3 and provisions.
. . • ¦.-'•«¦» '* — -. ¦ ¦ / ..
with the "aid of the powerful streams they
poured *|nto j the burning building the flre
was sboa brought completely .under con
trol.¦'¦»¦ \\
Sad Scene of Wreck and Ruin.
Four -engine companies of 'the City- De
partment- responded •¦ to rrang ' in
f roia' the : boxes In -the" neighborhood ¦ and
The flre-flghtlngr J apparatus ¦ at ' the hos
pital was. wholly inadequate nnd. to add
to ,the^ difficulties ;'of ; ,the .' situation, 'by
some misunderstanding. tho water running '
through .. tho ': hospital- main .' was Hurned
partly. into-- the. city* main iind the pres
sure on the Presidio' hydrants was greatly
reduced, making'tho heroic "efforts 'of tho
men almost futile. ' - 4
Gangs ;ot men'.were put , at.workcuttlng.
away.' the , verandas' i and/]wall3 connecting'
the 'wards and in 'this manner; the spread
of the V flames'. was; finally, checked. '
ture was doomed.,-- Bucket brigades .were
hastily* formed, \ but the flames, 4 fanned by
a strong- "westerly;breexe,,conttoued\wlth
apparently unabated • *ury ; on "»' their path
of destruction.'" Twenty hospital • tenta • in
the Year of the. main building were com
pletely; destroyed. The eighteen patients
occupying., cots \ in^the tents .were conval
escent and were able! to get out .without.
aidJ*-;- ''{;•: i . : '¦¦:' rV ,'\ ,:, ','
. Meanwhile \ the ; flre . had ' spread '{alarm; J
irigly, and it was feared -the entire atruc- }
¦i ; For/ fully -half .an hour i the •* bfavo>fel
lbws kept ; at i their, work 'of ' rescue*, '•. untii
every . one of , the '. 214 ( patients r] had : , been
placed i beyond the ¦ scope v of j; danger. ~ »
c All Patients , Are .' Rescued.
of the vast structure, - the largest and
most completely: equipped- military hos- ;
pital in the United States, was consumed
before ¦ the - flames vwere^ finally ; brought I .
under control by^ the desperate energy, of .
tho hospital corps c men and j the ."soldiers j
stationed at the Presidio, assisted by the .'
San ; Francisco j Fire Department. _. The 214
sick ¦« and '.' •wounded soldier's > who occupied j
cots in the hospital building were carried •
from ', the * blazing building :. to ' .places : .' of >
safety by .the" hospital .corps men, ; whOv
risked their lives repeatedly, in; their, sue-.'
cessf ul . efforts \ to accomplish this : result;
¦ The flames "the northern sec
tion of the hospital and'the damage" is
'estimated at'$40,000. ¦-. ' ' '
¦.•¦ '¦';<¦¦ Fire Spreads Rapidly. '
When the flre'was'flrst discovered he
roic efforts were made by < the; hospital •
corps 'men '.to extinguish the .blaze. The,
fire call was sounded calling hundreds'
of . soldiers to the scene, but their ; efforts _
to master the hungry flames seemed i un- ;
avalllnc. The • flro ; soon communicated '.
to ! the main building and the safety of
the Blck arid wounded soldier patients be- '.
canio uppermost in the thoughts of the
llreifighters..'Leaving;a few;men',to;bat
tle with 'the .' fierce ¦ flames, the . hospital
corps -men rushed to the v words 1 , under,''
their.' charce and ' began the '• removal r of >
the helpless patients. Through dense yol
umes;of smoke, unmindful : of ., the, lntenso
heat, ; they dashed > arid r ' tenderly, raisins .
tho emaciated 1 forms of tho sick ' soldiers :,
from 'their, cots,'* wrapped Ithem carefully *
lh j blankets and , bore '; them < to* places', of i
safety. /Again and again ' the rescuers : re- t ;
turned and , fearlessly I faced , the ; dangers':
that lurked in; the smoke" and . flames. >'
SAN DIEGO, Juno 10.— President Ballou
anti-Secretary Wood of the Chamber of
Commerce left this morning for Colton
to mot:t thero tho members of the House
Rivers and Hiirbors Committee, which la
to arrive hero to-morrow evening. The
party is to reach Colton to-morrow morn
ing at 10 o'clock and will, leave there as
soon as possiblo for Riverside., After Va
stop of three hours . there the train will
come direct to San DteRo. • The Southern
California. Railroad is to bring" the train
through : from Riverside in ; ;f our ¦• hours;
and • the special engine and crew will\re
main with the train until It reaches L03
Angeles' some time on Wednesday^ night;
Commerce Start to Receive Dis
tingulshed Visitors.
Representatives of" the Chamber of
CONGRESSMEN NEAJUNQ ¦*'.'¦'
SAN DIEGO'S HARBOR
THE HAGUE. June 10.— Mr. Kruger
and Dr. Leyds arrived here to-day. They
drove" from the railroad station at 1111
vcrsum Junction in a closed carriage and
are staying at the residence of Mr. . Wol
merans, one of the Boer peace envoys.
WASHINGTON, June 10.— It Is • under
stood that Former President Kruger of
the Transvaal will not visit the' United
States during the coming summer W fall.
At one time there was a prospect that
Mr. Kruger might make such a visit, but
those having some knowledge of his in
tentions say the visit will not be made,
at least for the present.
Will Not Visit America,
/ ¦ • " - •„ > —
both parties to the war requested it, but
It will be remembered that Great Britain
joined The Hague conference only on
condition that, the Boer States were ex
cluded. There is no doubt that Mr.
Kruger, . who is a . serious statesman,*
came to Europe to obtain, the- good of
fices of several of the powers to end the
war, but* there is also ho. jdoubt that
Great Britain does not want their good
offices. At least it is true that' since the
South African war began Great Britain
has never, either verbally or In writing,
confidentially or officially, broached such
an idea. It is quite possible that the Boer
side has now formally asked The Hague
court' to! lend" its aid to end the war
somehow, and the court has held '^a ses
sion regarding the matter, but that, of
course, ' is entirely different* from any
serious steps to; end the war." '. ' .
rifles, 115,550 rounds' of ammunit'on. 120
wagons and 4000 horses were captured.
Medals for War Heroes.
On Wednesday morning, on the Horse
Guards parade, . King Edward, accom
panied . by the Queen, will distribute the
South African medals amid Imposing and
elaborate military displays. Their Majes
ties • will • use the beautiful „ Indian tent
which the King brought back from his
Indian tour. The Moorish Embassy has
been invited to witness the ceremonies.
The first recipients of* the medals -will
be Earl Roberts and Lord " Milner, who
¦will be followed by a crowd of generals
&nd staff officers, including Generals Bul
ler. Warren, Gatacre, Colville, Pole-
Carew and others.
Mefials will be bestowed also upon the
various foreign military attaches with the
British forces in South Africa, including
Captain Stephen Slocum, U. S. A., to
gether with a host of surgeons, nurses
and other persons, including Lady Sarah
"Wilson. It is expected that the ceremony
will occupy three hours.
Wilhelmina as Peacemaker.
BEltLIX. June 10.— The Klelnes Journal
to-day prints 'a dispatch from The Hague
saying that Queen Wilhelmina's recent
visit hero was meant to obtain Emperor
William's consent to end the South Afri
can war. both the Sweibund and the
Drelbund being willing to do so through
The Haggle Arbitration' Court, and that
the Emperor consented and the court be-
-MRS. LOUIS BOTHA, WIFE OF THE BOER GENERALISSIMO. WHO IS
BELIEVED TO BE THE BEARER OF- A MESSAGE URGING PAUL
KRUGER TO SUE FOR* PEACE. "
LONDON, June 10.— Interest of those
¦who are watching developments in the
South African war centers in the forth
coming interview between Mrs. Botha,
¦wife of Commandant General Louis Botha
of the Boer forces, and Paul Kruger. It
is certain that she is the bearer of an im
portant message from her husband, and
the British press has lost no time In
reaching the conclusion that this message
¦will urge Kruger to-sue for peace.
The Sun hears that .Mrs. Botha will
etart on '¦We'Snesday for The Hague,
where Mr. Kruger has been summoned to
attend a confernce of the Boer agents in
Europe and the United States to consider
the report Mrs. Botha has brought from
her husband, "in which he advises Mr.
Krug«"-*as the constitutional head of the
Government to sue for peace on the
beat terms obtainable."
Lord Kitchtner. in a dispatch from Pre
toria under to-day'B . date, says the num
l»er of Boers killed. Imprisoned or sur
rendered during the last month totaled
2f40. From June 1 to June 9, 26 Boers were
killed, 4 were wounded, 403 were made
prisoners and 33 surrendered, and 631
Mrs. Botha's Mission.
eAPE TOTOTj June 10.— It is ¦ re
pcrted that a force of Boers has
occupied Labuschagne's Nek, near
Dordrecht. A majority of the in
vaders consist of rebels. The con-'
fftabulary has had very severe -work
In the neighborhood of Petrusberg,.
attempting to. clear out the . Brand and
Hartzog commandos. In" one affair eleven
of the fifty British engaged were either
killed or wounded. Fighting was at such"
close quarters that pistols were used. .
It Is reported that General Dewet, with
about 1000/men, has occupied a position In
the Gatsrand hills, South of the Krugers
dorp-Potchefstroom railway.
Sir Gordon Sprlgg. Prime Minister of
the colony, reports that the Boers in ttae
northwestern districts resolutely avoid
coming into contact with the British
troops, and content themselves with snip-
Ing. Marauding bands of burghers occa
sionally appear in the midlands, but
eeem to be bent only on looting.
The Boers captured 30,000 cartridges and
seventy-five rifles when - they compelled
the surrender of Jamestown a few days
&go. The Boer prisoners now number
19,042. ' <
The military authorities are enforcing
stringent restrictions in the distribution
of foodstuffs northward from De Aar and
southward from Buluawayo. Only essen
tials are permitted to be distributed, and
these only in limited quantities, so as to
deprive the Boers of this source of supply.
Burgher Invaders Capture Labuschagne's Nek and Dewet
With a Thousand Men Takes Up a Position in the Gats :
rand Hills Near Lord Kitchener's Line of Communication
- Special Dispatch j to .The ¦ Call. -
CALL" "HEADQUARTERS, 1406 G
STREET,' N. W., WASHINGTON. June
10.— Gratifying to» all California and to
Vallejo, and Mare Island particularly, is
the report that Admiral Melville will sub
mit to the naval authorities,' as a result
of his recent inspection of. the naval fa
cilities oh the Pacific Coast: His" recom
mendations are in direct line with the pe
titions that have _been> forwarded from
Vallejo to the Navy Department, and,
should they be carried "out. , all that the
Vallejo Chamber of Commerce and citi
zens and' the officials of : the navy yard
have- asked for will have been granted!.
Admiral Melville ''finds* that much is re
quired at Pacific Coast navy yards to im
prove their facilities , for handling j the
, large , quantities of repair work for ships
of the navy attached to the station.' As
the .vast, fleet serving in Asiatic waters
is usually dependent '• also upon- those
yards for overhauling, a'nd docking, naval
officials find additional need for new
shops, improved tools .and modern appli
ances. ¦ •
Admiral Melville went'West with the
Presidential party to; learn the needs of
all stations on the Pacific. As a result
of his tour representations will be made
to the Navy Department setting . forth
the distinctive requirements of each yard
for its material improvement. If the re
commendations are Y approved . several
hundred thousand- dollars '"must be , pro
vided to carry out the system. S'»';i
, Requires Modern Shops/ , ' '
Admiral Melville found' the "yards well
adapted; for navy,, work the: whole/
but* all*" requiring, new; tools* . and many
'modern" shops : in order t<T meet thot de
mands made upon them, by the navy.
That at Mare Island, which is the lead
ing: repair station of the coast,* seems now
Illy "adapted" because 'of location, but* as
the money, invested in sites and plants is
too large to permit of a change to some
other ' point, there is no : possibility that
the yard will be abandoned.
The trouble found by Admiral Melville
is lack of water . through the ' channel
from San j Francisco to Mare Island for
ships of "heavy draft, -and the danger
arising now. in taking battleships beyond
San . Francisco for repairs and docking.
Only about twenty-two feet of water is
available at mean low water, and as the
Oregon and Ohio type draw from twenty
four to twenty-six feet there is ho possi
bility of getting ' them to the yards ex
cept under very light conditions, which
causes heavy expense and entails much'
time. . .
The admiral will urge that Congress
provide for deepening the channel to at
least twenty-eight feet and enlarge the
docking space around the wharves, where*
it is now; not practicable to turn, the
longer warships.. Large machine shops
are to be erected and sites were selected
by the admiral, who also found that to
equip the .shops thousands of dollars
must' be. expended in new machinery and
tools. , •; .;..¦'.'•* . - ;
The work . performed at the yard was
regarded by him as of high order and not
surpassed by any, of the Eastern r sta
tions. „ ' . J , V ' ,
Shops for Bremerton.
Bremerton, the new drydock far : in the
interior t of '. Washington and . with . fine
natural -protections, is in I a superb condi
tion and possesses the largest and most
complete ; facilities ;for -docking, ships Von
the , coast. Admiralv Melville will < insist
that -modern shops f.^be located there so
that when a ship is doc'; i any class of
repair work mivyj be carr, ' " on that bat
tleships may require. / ,<"
The, failure, of a firm, through unfor
tunate accidents! in building torpedo boats
for the navy, was noted and much sym
pathy is felt by . the .admiral that , a yard
of thirty; years'; standing should- have
been J forced to the j wall j through ! heavy
losses Government ships. This
yard Is located at Seattle arid its down
fall was due to serious misfortunes over
taking the torpedo ; boat Goldsborough
and other 'craft, which i the *flrm had to
bear at 1 heavy! cost.. The Goldsborough
is now, in chargo ? of receivers, who
have asked -that the Government accept
her with deductions for -the defects de
veloped In her speed 'trials. These trials
were conducted, Admiral .'.Melville' reports.,
by , Inexperienced men, and the .accidents^
w>re a direct -result of Inefficiency shown
in .handling ; the \ boat./ , ¦ ' : / ' v !]*&?|£*;
Recommends a Deepening of
the Channel From San
Francisco. * .'¦¦'¦'
Asks That Large Machine Shops and
Modern Docks Be Con- •
.- •. . ' structed.
Admiral Melville Pre
pares a Gratifying
Report.
URGES THAT
MARE ISLAND
BE IMPROVED
BRITISH AND BOERS ENGAGE IN BATTLE
AT SUCH CLOSE QUARTERS THAT PISTOLS
ARE BROUGHT INTO USE BY COMBATANTS
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
SAN FRANCISCO, TUESDAY, JUNE 11, -1901:Christian Young- lien Gather.
BOSTON. June 10. — Streaming Into Bos
ton from every quarter of the globe came
delegates to-day to the Semi-Centennial
and International Jubilee, Convention of
the Young Men's' Christian': Association of
North America. • Practically - every civil
ized country in the world will be repre
sented to-morrow when the convention
will be called to order in the Exhibition
hall of the Mechanics' Building, and it is
confidently expected that there will -be
nearly 5000 delegates from the different
associations in attendance during the six
days the convention is in session.
.ATLANTA, Ga., June 10.— Miss Bessie
Jackson, the adopted daughter of R. C.
Flower, a dairyman at Poplar Springs, a
suburb, was found murdered near Hs
home to-day. She had been missing dines
last Thursday. A negro boy employed on
Mr. ' Flower's place has been arrested on
suspicion. Her throat was cut. ¦
At the Coroner's inquest Dr. H. J. Green
testified that the girl had been assaulted.
There was no direct testimony implicating
the negro. Gathro English. There is con
siderable excitement in the neighborhood,
however, and the negro was brought into
the city for safety. . < '
in a . Suburb ¦ of Atlanta,
. * Georgia.
Girl With Her Throat Cut Found
UNADILLA, Ga_, June 10.— A lively bat
tle occurred near Grovania, about nine
miles from this city to-day, between a
Sheriff and his posse and a negro desper
ado, which resulted in the killing of
Sperce Wright, the negro, and the prob
ably fatal wounding of John Mathis of
Elko. Ga. The posse surrounded the cab
in and the African deliberately came out
Winchester in hand, and began firing at
it. When he had consumed the, ammuni
tion in hand, he turned and ran back into
the bouse. ,
At this juncture the word was given
and the crowd closed in rapidly, reaching
the hut just, as the negro began firing
again from the interior. The doors ami
windows were Quickly broken open. In
one minute more than twenty pistol shots
were fired, about ten taking effect in the
body of the negro. In the engagement
John Mathis received a ball in his leg
which severed an artery.
YOXTNG NEGBO STJSPECTED
OF A HORRIBLE CRIME
Fatally Wounded One of the
Officers. • ¦ jJ . i , r
Riddled With Bullets After He Had
NEGRO GIVES BATTLE
TO SHERIFF'S , POSSE
There were 5WS camps in good standing
December 31, 189S; chartered during the
term, 3362; surrendered, 330; leaving SOSO
camps in good standing December 31,
1300— a net gain of 3030.
The receipts of the benefit fund were
J7.570.9S8. and the disbursements $7,630,914,
the balance being $345,8KL '. -
Out of the society's total membership of
537,858 there were but 291 expulsions. Tho
total insurance carried Is $965,133,500.
"The claims reported in 1S99-1900 aggre
gated 17,684,500. and those reinstated
amounted to $3000. The claims paid dur
ing the period footed up $7,600,914; com
promised, $37,050; discontinued, - $57,000.
Within five years there has been a falling
off in contributions to' the benefit fund of
1L84 cents per capita, notwithstanding the
fact that the liabilities have enormously
increased by the gains in membership,
and the average amount of death claims
has decreased from. $2035, in 1896, to $1794
in 1900. • -; ..-*•
The report of the head clerk, Charles W.
Hawes, for the biennial' term. January 1,
1899, to December 31. 1900. contained the
following:
The total number of benefit certificates
issued was 309,135, representing 278.50S cer
tificate^ to new members and 30,627 on ac
count of chances. • -*:* *?* ¦ • .
Among the uniformed drill teams which
have arrived- are those from Topeka,
Wichita and Coffeyville. Kans.
• Some of the delegations from the West
arrived to-day over the Northern Pacific.
Among these was the banner camp of the
State of Montana, claimed to be the only
State of the Northwest to be represented:
by a uniformed drill team. The team is
known as Silver Bow, and has 475 mem
bers. ' " ,- ' . • ••¦-•¦'
ST. PAUL. June 10.— The biennial head
camp of the annual convention of the
modern- Woodmen pf America will bo
called to order at the Auditorium in this
city .- to-morrow morning, and already
many thousands of people are In the city
for the opening meeting. Each of the 629
delegates represents 1000 members. The
sessions of J the convention will conttnua.
until Sunday, June. 16. ,It is estimated
that fully 10,000 members will be present
during the week. On Thursday the grand
street demonstration will take place, with
25,000 Woodmen In line.' 6000 of whom are
now encamped in a city of tent3 In tha
western part of the city.
Report of the Head Olerk
Shows the Order Is
Flourishing.
Prepare to - Hold Their
Annual Convention
at St. Paul.
WOODMEN BUILD
A TENTED CITY
A dozen other witnesses who testified in
Callahan's , trial for. the highway robbery
also repeated their testimony. . ¦ . .
..OMAHA, "Neb., -, June 10.— The prelimi
nary examination of James Callahan, on
the -charge of perjury continued in- the
County Court to-day. Edward A. Cudahy
Jr. was on the 'witness stand for more
than an hour relating -the incidents of
his abduction and explaining- how he iden
tified Callahan as '.'the dark man" who
participated In the . kidnaping. Young
Cudahy's testimony was substantially the
same as that giv-en by him at the robbery
trial. - - - ¦¦ • ¦ •¦ . .:¦ , ,-¦ /
rAT/r,ATTATsr ON TRIAI*
ON CHARGE OP PEBJT7BY
Continuing. Miss Jackman testified that
Will Prince called on her after the mur
der. He'believed Miss Jackman would be
a witness in the case^md asked her to
testify that she did not see him with Mrs.
Kennedy on the day in question.
The State finished Its side this after
noon and an adjournment was taken to
to-morrow morning, when the defense will
open. 5 - . , - - •
Two witnesses testified to seeing Mrs.
Kennedy, and Will Prince going in the
direction of Kennedy's office on the after
noon of the murder.- Elizabeth Jackman
told of the two boarding a car for.down
town and of Will Prince requesting his
sister to do something. Witness did not
catch Will's words, but heard her answer
"All right. I will." . .
It lsthe theory of the State that Prince
furnished the prisoner the revolver with
which she killed Kennedy and accom
panied her to the; scene of the killing
nerving her /to the point of committing
the crime., .!-.¦¦¦
E. J. Curtin testified to a conversation
with C. W. Prince, the father, after the
marriage. - Prince had said : "I was ! not
going to let this man jilt my daughter. If
things don't go. right you will have a
good deal more sensational ¦ things to
write. about." Prince had mistaken Cur
tin for a reporter.
The. Murder Was Expected..
¦ Kennedy had been married but a month
when he was killed. Saturday it was ad
duced that Bert Prince had forecasted
the murder. A newspaper reporter -told
of Mrs. Kennedy and her brother Will
coming to his office after the murder.
Mrs. Kennedy wanted Kennedy roasted
in the paper, and Will said the marriage
was forced to prevent Kennedy from mar
rying another woman.
Prince had also admitted to witness that
the marriage had been forced upon- Ken
nedy. Then later, when Prince and his
father had called at Kennedy's office and
tried to collect $40 for Mrs. Kennedy's
beard. Will Prince related to the witness
that Kennedy had run out of the office
and had gone downstairs head first. He
practically admitted that he and his
father were armed at the time and that
Kennedy was "under the shadow_or a
: Lulu ; Prince Kennedy had recovered
sufficiently from her breakdown of Satur
day to sit in court this morning, and her
trial for the murder of Philip H. Kennedy
was resumed. The prisoner was pale and
sno was : suffering apparently ¦ from ex
treme,weakness or the effect of sedatives
taken to produce sleep. Attorney Near
mg, for the defense, .expressed -the fear
that she would not be able to continue the
strain for any length of time. The first wit
nesses produced to-day by the State were
examined in an effort to prove that a con
spiracy to kill Kennedy was hatched and
carried out by the woman's father, two
brothers and herself. • •
Jack Caldwell testified j.o a conversa
tion with Will. Prince on the day follow
ing his ' sister's marriage at the I court
house to Kennedy, at which ceremony
•\\ ill. Prince and his father were present.
\V ill had related the scene at the court
house, to- witness and told, of Kennedy
saying when friends congratulated him,
I will not be a r live man three weeks
from to-day." Prince had retorted. "Well,
you have prolonged your life by this mar
riage. . • - - ¦ .
Mrs. Kennedy Is Still Weak.
1 To-morrow the defense, will begin Its
.testimony to show that Mrs. Kennedy in
herited insanity; that Kennedy had ruined
her., and that his refusal to acknowledge
her as his wife temporarily deprived- her
of her reason. •
' Following. this the State will offer-evi
dence-to .show, that she was not a good
.weman before she. met Philip H. Ken
nedy. . ' . ; •
To-day the State adduced additional evi
dence to prove their claim that Kennedy
was" forced to marry Lulu Prince at the
point of a revolver; that Will Prince fur
nished, the weapon and nerved^Mrs.-Ken
nedy , up to committing the crime; that
the Princes conspired to kill Kennedy and
predicted the murder days before It oc
curred, and that the woman's claim. that
she was In a delicate condition and. shot
her husband in a fit of temporary insan
ity," produced by this condition, was un
true. ;..<''.
K A NSAS CITT, Mo. , June ' 10.— The
State in the case of Lulu Prince Kennedy,
on trial for murdering her husband, rest
ed this afternoon and court adjourned un
til . to-morrow, morning, when the defend
ant's side will be 'presented. The case
will; probably be given: to the jury some
time Saturday. ¦ ' * . ¦
.Was Forced to Act
by Relatives.
Attempt to Show That Wife
Regarding Kennedy
Murder.
Theory of , Prosecution
TRIES TO PROVE
A CONSPIRACY
¦ Verus 'cures •plies,, or *|5Q Veward. : For
Bale"by:airdrug K iBts.i/y v ;^*'r;
WASHINGTON, 1 . June 10.^-The vacancies
in the staff of Lieutenant 'General- Miles,
commander of > the: army, caused * by, the
death.. *of : " Lieutenant 1 : Colonel ¦' Francis
Michler and the transfer to the inspector
general's v department- of '"-Ldeutenant
Colorel ;.H. K.: Baijey, have been filled : by
the .•. assignment of Lieutenant Colonel
Samuel . Reber; to > duty • as military : secre
tary and ¦' the .' assignment '- o£ Lieutenant
Colonel M. ' P. I Maus • to duty as aide-de
camp. Colonel' Reber v is '. General « Miles'
son-in-law. ••-. : :.y ;:.'.,- :
Admission Day Preparation Begins.
£-• SAN- JOSE;> June 10.— The ; Native 1 Sons
and Daughters of ' this city, ' now . that : . the
Admission -day } celebration ; is > to : be ' held
here, have already . begun active '. work . to
make - the ¦ occasion an , enjoyable', one for
the visitors; 3 It* Is ' proposed to ¦ have
celebration extend from September 7'to-lQ."
Four thousand dollars is to be raised for
the entertainment of the visiting. parlors.
Twenty-three parlors In . Central * Cali
fornia 1 have announced .their:. Intention* of
attending.^ The | local parlors 8 intend B to
*nake the big parade a feature. *'.• . -. •".> .--
His Son-in-Law, \ Lientenant ¦ Colonel
. ' YReber, \ ts. Appointed Military.'; '
:.-: •• ¦> :¦¦.. ', i..\'--:- Secretary^-' , : .v- ¦ ';"-¦-, 7
VACANCIES • ON " STAFF OF
general: mtles fiixed
Rioting Renewed at Belfast.
BELFAST, June 10.— The rioting which
began here yesterday by an attack upon
the Corpus Christi procession was re
newed to-night, when the crowd vigorous
ly stoned the police. The latter were
finally compelled to invoke military aid
in order to disperse -the rioters. - -
"I think about $40,000 will replace the
buildings and place the hospital • in - as
good condition 'as ..before the ,;flre. :.;-Of
course there are many things that money
cannot : replace, . and the loss ot these is
what I feel. The, work of rebuilding will;
no doubt, be commenced . at a once. '-. .The
cause of the fire, I hear/. was due -to; an
explosion' of a i paint burner. ¦- 1".. do 'not
believe blame . can be : attached • to- any.
one. I am greatly pleased with the con
duct of my men. They have done every
thing that my orders ¦ erqulred to be done
on occasions such as this, and in addition
to obeying, the mere orders, displayed an
Interest that Is a great*solace.to,me.'':^<
Only three men- were Injured during the
Loss About $40,000.
pensive surgical instruments, but they
were not damaged other than\by the
water and handling. The clothing of the
patients and . hospital corps men, - except
the garments they had on, was ¦ burned,
as were, many boxes of valuable curios
brought from Manila.
Dr. Clark, officer of the day, v and: Dr.;
Purviance marshaled the force of men
connected with the hospital and are de
serving of great crediWfor ¦ their efforts.
The corps men worked like beavers -and
performed their duties in a manner that
brought forth warm words of praise from
the army offlcials. . ¦ - •¦;.-, ; ...#
The soldiers of the garrison, led '¦ by
Majors Davis and Lockwood and Lieu
tenants : Brower and Carleton, responded
quickly, to the' fire call and made noble
efforts to prevent the destruction of.: the
hospital. - v •. '- V
Colonel A. C. Girard, deputy I surgeon
general in' charge of the hospital, did not
reach the scene until the flre had been
brought under control. , He was on duty
at, .the Phelan . building. He . is • almost
heart-broken over the disaster which has
overtaken the institution, which, he has
had charge -of since the ; laying - of . the
foundation stones. : He . was i offered • a
transfer some time ago, .which was * prac
tically a promotion, but refused it< in
order to remain with; the Institution to
which he had devoted his best efforts. He
said yesterday: ¦ . ; '"•»-*-' ¦ \ ' •
fire. T. H. Troy of Engine Company No.
23 was burned about the -legs and arms,
Acting. Hospital "Steward Clay Purvis
was burned slightly on the face and- neck,
and Hospital Private Seymour Lee ¦ re
ceived a scalp wound. " The injured men
are not severely hurt. ' .'¦£,• ; *¦ . -'¦•* —
'When order had been restored all of the
patients with the exception'-of the bed
patients were removed to .the • wooden
buildings formerly . used ¦ as an. annex .to
the general hospital."' "The . bed ? patients
were given i quarters in the undamaged
portion of the hospital.- . ; ,' ' • • .; . ,• . ¦> :
'The nurses" and corps men Were served
with hot soup; coffee and victual by the
ladies of the : Presidio .- after they, had
brought the fire. under control.-; ¦•-¦': •
Celebration, of Dairy Opening.
GILROY, 1 : Juno ; 10.— The formal -opening
of . Spreckels' Tequlsquito dairy took place
yesterday ¦ and , was ; an* Interesting event.
D. ( M.* Pyle, I superintendent I of I the I dairy,
and Thorn as Lynn ," superintendent of the
Tequisqulto ranchrhad Invited about fifty
of i their friends .to celebrate - the day with
them..; After ; an 5 inspection' of the dairy
house, there was. a barbecue. •'¦•-:•:.• ,A
¦' : '.'•'".•• --.' ¦'•" 7 ¦¦; — ' — • „¦•¦.• * ..¦
i [WASHIfc WrON* v June ; 10.—TheiComp
troller,^ of "¦] the X Currency '. has : announced
that .within Uhe > next ¦» two ? weeks ? a> divi
dend of. 40 per cent will > be declared to the
creditors i of i the * First National - Bank of
Vancouver, -Wash;, i which ' failed v several
weeks ago. .•: »-.;'*<. •: ¦: ¦•'¦ -, --. ,; -.-;<-.-.> t\.>
ISHlSMS&feR£S''.'.' /•¦•:•. ¦•¦'¦£¦.¦¦-'• ¦¦•>"--••'¦- -' ' . :
Session of the Grand Parlor : Will
Begin To-Day With, a Notable *
., -Attendance, rr
/ SACRAMENTO, June 10.-A large dele
gation of Native Daughters of the Golden
West :. arrived from San - Francisco and
many other, points to-night. • Committees
formed ; of members of the local T parlors
greeted the visiting delegates at "the de
pot and escorted them to the City Flaza
where an open air concert was held In
their honor. ; Several : thousand people
thronged the square, and the light attire
of the young women gave [ the", visitors a
charming glimpse of summer life in the
capital city." There- were many reunions
of friends, .and'. the , concert < was" in every
way a pleasant ushering in of. the season
of 'sociability which is to mark the. week
-To-morrow night there will be a recent
tlon I at the Crocker "Art Gallery, to be
followed on. Wednesday night by a grand
ball; In the Senate- and* Assembly, cham
bers^at the State Capitol.- . On Thursday
night there ; will : be an excursion by
steamboat ;-. up s the \ river, : and - on • Friday
night a reception to the grand officers at
the . State : Capitol. ." .--¦ . >.-*.:.•;-._
V The ': sessions . of ;• the ¦ Grand ; Parlor . wiil
open ; to-morrow ' and continue '<¦ each^day
until ; Friday. It Is expected that i by to-
J 10 ,"" 0^ tne T e ' wlu ' be 155 delegates < and
fully 400 /visitors ; In attendance ,upon the
session,-, which will be the fifteenth In the
history^ of the: order. - -" -.-. ¦ .. . • -
CALIFORNIA'S '¦ 3>AT7QHTERS
i GATHER AT SACRAMENTO
. MADRIV, June 10.— Senor Sagasta,' the
Premier, addressing a meeting of his sup
porters to-day, announced that the Gov
ernment would Issue a loan for territorial
defense and a reorganization of the navy.
To Reorganize Spain's Navy.
LONDON, June 10.— Rev. Dr. Holt, dean
t)f Rochester, presided at the banquet of
.the Atlantic Union to-night, at the Hotel
Cecil. A dispatch was sent to President
McKinley expressing the sympathy of all
present with him in the Illness of his wife
and resolutions of condolence with Lady
Besant, upon the death of Sir Walter,
-were adopted and forwarded.
"Everything Is " encouraging. Mrs. Mc-
Kinley is doing very nicely. She is gain
ing steadily. She sat up in a rolling
chair several times to-day, aggregating
probably an hour. We are very much en
couraged by steady improvement."
Surgeon General Sternberg made his
usual visit to the White House, and, on
leaving, said that Mrs. McKinley con
tinued to improve and was doing very
•welL
White House Patient Is Able to Sit
Up in a Chair Part of the
Time.
WASHINGTON, June 10.-Dr.. Rixey,
when he left the White House at 10:15 to
night, said:
MB-S. McKIKXEY SHOWS
STEADY IMPROVEMENT
severe concussion, caused a third alarm
¦to be sounded. The fire was sweeping. In
the direction of Main streeticnd the rear
of many buildings that front on the last
named thoroughfare were ablaze. The
Golden Gate plaster mills, at 215-217 Main
street, became ready food for the flames
and it was with great difficulty and dan
ger that the Cyclops Mills and the ngl
neerlng plant of P. i F. Clerc were not
totally destroyed. At this point the fire
was brought under control, but it was
several hours before. it was .wholly extin
guished. . '.-•• •¦;•-¦
The cause of the conflagration is sup
posed to have been spontaneous,combus
tion. Sacks of, niter and other ¦inflama
ble material were piled high in- the rear 1
of the asphaltum works, and the Fire De
partment was. called upon to extinguish • a
blaze among them only three months ago.
The. explosions were at first, believed to
have occurred in Whitelaw's wrecking es
tablishment, -but the- proprietor took the
first occasion to deny, that he had any ex
plosives whatever, in ; his . place. - The
burning asphaltum added to the intensity
of the. flre, and long after the woodwork
of the structures lay in ashes it- sputtered
and biased. . .-... _¦ . -. . . ....
The property loss will be heavy. T. P.H
Whitelaw figures that his damage will ap
proximate $30,000.. He carriesbut $2000 in
surance on his stock. The Tompkins &
Favares Company lost about $10,000: * The
Golden Gate plaster mills, which is a rum
suffered to. the extent. of about $30,000. P
F. Clerc and the Cyclops Mills lose about
$5000 each. The Charles F. Doe Lumber
Company figures its loss at $3000. and other
establishments in "the vicinity - suffered
i more or less from flre and water. - -.-
<¦¦¦¦. Immense Crowds: View FJre. >.
Immense crowds of people had congre
gated on the scene. The alarm , was
sounded at a time when the ¦ principal
thoroughfares of the ¦ city were crowded
and the flames were visible from almost
every Ideation. The dash ; of the flre ap
paratus down Market street attracted the
attention of pedestrians and soon thou
sands of people were headed In the direc
tion-ot the water front. Every street car
was jammed. Men. hung on the stanch
ions and .climbed to: the- roofs, c This, im
mense mass of humanity was near when
the first 'bursting sound was heard : and
that lives -.were .not lost* in the stampede
that followed seems -miraculous.
The spread of, the flames, ' after'.': the
phaltutn ' works' was raised by -its force,
and when.it settled down into the ruins
with a great crash .dense volumes of
smoke enveloped everything .on the prem
.ises. The firemen did not flinch,' but stuck
to their posts and ;. continued to : direct
streams upon the flames. Debris dropped
around them, and several had narrow es
capes from being killed. v
Intense excitement prevailed, especially
when the first explosion was followed by
several smaller ones in quick succession.
No one knew what caused the explosions,
and rumors that quantities of high explo
sives were stored in the burning buildings
drove terror into the minds of spectators
who had assembled In I large throngs • to
witness the fire. People rushed about pell
mell, shouting and screaming. The police
attempted to drive them In haste to places
of safety, and after, a time the flre lines
had. been re-established some -distance
from the position of danger. ' Many of the
terrified spectators did not stop until- they
were many blocks from the • scene.. ¦• \p.
Then, came more explosions, but none so
severe ' as the first. Each renewed the
sense of fear, and the ignorance as* to the
'cause created a supposition that at any
moment' a great disaster might occur that
would, not only result in a -heavy property
loss.vbut a terrible sacrifice of life. v -..• -,
SCENE AT FIRE IN BLOCK BOUNDED
BY SPEAR, HOWARD. FOLSOM AND
MAIN.
When it seemed that. the fire would be
confined to the burning territory the first
explosion occurred. It was something the
fire-fighters had not anticipated, and.fol
lowing it flames shot out in all directions.
The roar was i deafening, and . burning
timber was thrown in the streets by -the
concussion. The entire roof of the : as-
SOLDIER PATIENTS SAVED FROM'FIRE
Continued. From First Page.
The firemen worked from Spear street
and turned their attention to saving the
lumber yards of Charles F. D6e, on the
corner of Spear and Howard streets. The
heat from the. flames ignited the 'lumber
and the sheds under which it was piled.
After many minutes of hard labor the
efforts of the firemen were rewarded and
the yards were safe from destruction, no^,
however, until the owner's loss had run
up to J3000. The numerous passages be
tween the building's and in the yards en
abled the firemen jto work with great ad
vantage and streams were played on the
fire from all sides.- ' ¦ . - :, i)
Lumber Yards Saved.
Immediately adjoining the structure in
which the flames originated is a lumber
yard, and in the rear several factories.
The entire block is composed of buildings
stocked with materials of a highly Inflam
mable character, and for a time a big con
flagration seemed imminent. '•
Chief Sullivan immediately ordered a
second alarm, but before the extra engine
companies could respond the fire
spread to the T. P. H. Whitelaw Wrecking
Company's establishment at 216 Speat
street. : - ; .-'-• i
Intense excitement was caused during
the progress of the conflagration by nu
merous explosions, caused 'by the Ignitiflg
Of niter, sulphur and other combustibles.
The explosions hurled '.Immense volumes
of debris and showers of sparks into the
air.. Fortunately there • were no .casual
ties. The firemen stood to their posts and
worked with unabated energy while the
loud reports of the explosions were bound
ing in their ears, but all escaped un
scathed. . . ;
When the fire was first discovered it
was burning In the rear of the bulding oc
cupied by the Santa Barbara Asphaltum
Company and Tompkins & Favares, cab
inet-makers, at 210-212 Spear street. An
alarm was rung In from box 36, but'bq
fore the first relay of engines reached 'the
scene the fire had gained great headway,
and the sky was ruddy from the reflection
of the flames. • . -¦'-. •
SHORTLY before 9 o'clock last
night fire broke out in the block
bounded byVSpear, Howard,' Fol
som and Main streets, and before
the flames could be subdued thj^
had eaten their way from street to street
and caused damage amounting to nearly
a hundred thousand dollars. . j
Hartman was only about 21 years of
age. Friends of the couple said to-night
that he was Insanely jealous of the -girl
at times, and that they were not sur
prised at learning that he had shot her.
From the position of the woman's body
it is thought by the physicians that she
was killed while asleep by her husband.
NEW YORK. June 10.— It was learned
from Stage Manager Lawrence of the
New York Theater that a young woman
who was billed as "Rose Violette" had
been appearing in different productions
at that theater all last winter. She is
described as being about 22 years of age,
very handsome, with wavy brown hair
and a beautiful complexion. The young
woman was originally engaged by George
W. Lederer to appear in "The Man in
the Moon." She was with that produc
tion all during its run at the . New York
Theater and was in that part of the
chorus known as "red and black girls."
She subsequently booked with the
"Broadway to Tokio" Company, . stayed
with that, organization during its run in
this city and then went on the road when
it was taken West.
After this company completed its run
on the road Rose Violette returned to this
city with the intention of rehearsing for
another play. That company did not
open here, however, and the girl is said
to have gone West.
Rose-Violette's friends say that she left
for Chicago a week ago in company with
Louis Hartman. They also say that she
met Hartman three. weeks ago. Hartman
was the son of Max Hartman, a wealthy
cigar manufacturer. He was a graduate
of Columbia Law School and in March,
1897, when he was 17 years old. he was
married to Mae Belle Devis, an actress
whom he met on the previous evening-.
This marriage was annulled.
CHICAGO, June 10.—^ide by side, each
with a bullet wound in the temple, the
dead bodies of a couple who registered as
L. Hartman and wife, were found in their
beds at the Great Northern . Hotel this
evening. The room showed no evidence of
a struggle. Both lifeless forms' were com
posed and the covering of the bed was
well tucked about them. The revolver
clutched in the right hand of the husband
told the story of the double' tragedy.
The woman was identified as Rosa Le
Zebre, a variety actress known as Rose
Viobede. The father of the dead man is
said to be a wealthy tobacco dealer in
business in New York City.
Hartman and his wife registered at the
hotel June 6, giving as their address New
York. Both were stylishly dressed and
appeared to be persons of means. They
did not mingle with the other guests and
spent most of their time in their rooms.
They were reserved in manner, but from
the evidences of affection they displayed
it was surmised by attaches of the hotel
that they were on their wedding trip.
Early Sunday night they retired to their
apartments and nothing was seen of them
until this evening, when they were found
dead in bed.
Kills a Variety Actress
and Then Commits
Suicide.
TERRIBLE GRIME
OF LAW STUDENT
Their Engagement Expected.
LOXDON. June 10.— According to the
Vienna correspondent of the Daily Mail
the announcement of the engagement of
Prince Ferdinand of Bulgaria to Princess
Xenia of Montenegro is imminent.
TAGALS AMBUSH
THE AMERICANS
Two Lieutenants, Killed
in the Engagement
Near Lipa.
Insurgents Are Defeated and
a Cavalry Troop Is in
Pursuit.
PLEADS GUILTY
TO THE MURDER
ROME. X. Y.. June 10.— Lieutenant An
sen Springer, killed in the Philippines,
was born in France in 1S7L He came to
this country when a child and most of
his life had been spent in Rome. He at
tended Cornell and was graduated from
West PoifJt in ISM. After graduating he
• was stationed at Plattsburg with the
Twenty-first Infantry. He served through
the Spanish war in Cuba and afterward
was sent to the Philippines. He leaves
a vii&evr and child at Plattsburg.
The Washington tariff decision has
been received by the United States Phil
ippine Commission but the Commissioners
ure unable to say jet whether the result
will require a continuance of the military
KCA^rnment.
Tie conditions offered to General
Canles. the insurgent leader in Laguna
province, are not changed. They are uni
form with these offered to other insur
gent accused of murder.
The enemy encountered by Captain W.
A. H. Wilhelm of the Twenty-first Infan
trs'. with fifty men of that regiment, were
met six miles southeast of Lipa, in Ba
tangas province, and consisted of more
than 200 of Malvar's followers, supposedly
the command of Gonzales. The insur
gents were defeated, but their losses have
ret been reported. Yates' troop of the
First Cavalry is pursuing them.
During the engagement Lieutenant An
ton Springer of the Twenty-first Infantry
was shot in the head and killed. Lieuten..
ant Lee of the engineers was shot in the
ntad and bowels and soon died. Captain
Wilhelm v.-as wounded in the shoulder
and Lieutenant Charles R. Ramsay of
the Twenty-first Infantry was shot in
the loft side. Both of these officers are
seriously wounded. In addition two ser-
BCsntS were seriously wounded and one
l>rivate was wounded.
The American officers were planning to
attack a force of the insurgents which^
was ahead of them when they were tired
on from one side.
MANILA, June 10.— The officer named
Lee. who was killed in the recent battle
with the insurgents at Lipa, province
of Batangas, was Lieutenant Lee of the
engineers, not Lieutenant Fitzhugh Lee
Jr., as previously cabled.
Burglar Dorman Admits
Complicity in a
Killing.
Earl Kahney testified that he saw two
men at the foot of the bed. while the third
man was holding his mother.
The widow of the murdered man was
t-alled and told of having been awakened
by feeling a hand and cloth over her face,
bhe tried to rise and was roughly thrust
hack by a Ftrong man who was endeavor
ing to drug her into insensibility. She
finally tore herself loose and sprang to
her feet, one of the men still clinging to
her, with his back to the door, by which
her husband was entering to assist her.
A shot rang out and the murderer and
his companions fled. She opened tftfe win
dow and screamed for* help. Her hus
banc* gasped, "Wait until I get my re
volver," staggered Into the other room
and stumbled back again, to fall dying
at her feet.
PITTSBURG. June 10.— The trial of
John and Edward Blddle and Walter Dor
man, alias R. D. Wilcox, for the murder
of Grocer Thomas D. Kahney and Detec
tive Patrick Fitzgerald, was opened to
day. The Biddies entered a plea of not
guilty, but Dorman created a surprise by
pleading guilty. The terrible, double trag
edy for which the defendants are held re
sponsible occurred on April 12 last. For
weeks preceding the city was terrorized
by a series of burglaries and robberies.
Kahney was shot down in his home
v.-hile standing unarmed, in his night
t-Icthes. and Fitzgerald was killed a few
hours later while attempting to arrest
the defendants. The wives of Edward
liiddle and Dorman were arrested at the
*ame time and will be tried on charges
of receiving stolen goods. The defend
ants will be tried separately, and the case
of John Biddle was called first. It is be
lieved Dorman will turn State's evidence.
The death of the woman is shrouded in
mystery,- and physicians on the stand
differed widely as to its cause. The
State, however, declared that the woman
was murdered, although it could not be
positively proved. It was shown that all
the insurance carried by the woman was
assigned before her <_eath, and that her
will was drawn' up after these assign
ments had been made! The will had no
effect save in the clause touching crema
tion, and it is claimed by the State that
the will was prepared only to facilitate
the disposition of the h««1v after death.
CHICAGO, June 10.— Dr. August Unger
and F. Wayland Brown, on trial for
conspiracy to defraud insurance com
panies through the death of Miss Marie
Defenbach, were, this evening found
guilty and sentenced to the penitentiary
under the undetermined law. Frank H.
Smiley, indicted with Unger and Brown,
pleaded • guilty and turned State's evi
aence. It is likely that he will escape
with -a light- sentence. : - ,
The evidence in the case showed that
Unger, Brown, Smiley and Miss Defen
bach entered into a conspiracy by which
Smiley was to appear as the affianced
husband of *the woman. She was then
to be taken ill and, apparently die, leav
ing him the insurance,' which included
one policy in a stock company and two.
in fraternal organizations, the total ag
gregating 525,000. The woman, in her will,
said that she desired her remains to be
cremated; and it is supposed that it was
the intention to hurry her away after
the supposed death and cremate another
body procured from a hospital.
The woman became sick, according to
programme, but did not rally, and died.
Her body was afonce cremated. An in
quest was held .by Assistant Coroner
John B. Wreckler, without a Jury, and
Wreckler returned to the Coroner's office
a verdict that the woman had died of
natural causes.
Sequel to Their Attempt to
Steal From Insurance
Companies. . ¦• -
Unger and Brown Guilty
of Conspiracy to
Defraud.
PRISON'S DOORS
OPEN TO THEM
THE.VSAtf;'"TIi^
Fire in the Block Bounded, by Spear; Howard, Folsom
I , and Main S^l^i^^p ©Sw^^^^^Bi
; Property— Checked With Great Difficulty and Danger
FIREMEN WORK M SUBDUE FLAMES
RAGING ROUND EXPLODING CHEMICALS
2
1 HAPP\^ OLD MEN. I
S- tf m *\. Can youth be restored? Tes, all but the year* «
\y .A«"-*»A f I'wlll guarantee to. restore the very essence of X
5 ifiU* %¥ ".'*-;' youth to men who have aged before their time; «
g *s£**~' % Z\ t0 men blood is cold; whose step is slow; «
V -J^jfiMf^n | Nc-'^Y; who feel haggard, decrepit, spiritless and full of &
$2 aches and pains. To such men Electricity is §
§ «^^K t<^X Ar^M the " Fountaln of Youth," and as infused into #
V fe^^^^^^^V VSJl^. lhe h ° dy by Dn McLau ShHn's Electric Belt it- 8
I "f^ W A clJRE 0R No PAY - $
6 That's my plan. It costs you nothing- if I «
5 JrgRS^gj&i^- _/«.-) fail - I^t me pour the life-giving, glowing o
** «£5gjSBaj^ r ~fi fr /^ warmth into your body while you sleep at night «
?' tgSEKimt&KMto^tt and in a £ew montns vou fee l llk e a young two- %
-¦>' ij|MriwWWZiafiHt "I never felt better than since usine S
6 «^KS0Bmfi^^» vour belt. It has done wonders in mv 2
§ *3ffi«fiii«L case."— Richard W. Miller, Buttonwlllow, Kern &
£ - lUsf ¦ w§isl t'ead Ihs Boak My book telIa how l cure, s
g tB&\ I - wlU send " FREE -' sealed. §
I i »l-''5MhS- DJ^ M - c - Mclaughlin, §
j*f <ej&*~*'' r ' *"^^Si^ 702 Market Street, Cor. Geary, San Francisco. «
.. : Every, man -and boy in San .'Francisco and miles about' has:^^
. heard; of S. N.* Wood & Co., and a great many know us ' through >
.trading ,hete.' : If you would like to know us, just buy, one of these \
:9oc,hats for your outing. It's a small purchase,, yet- it's atypical of :'¦
s our.rn^thods^KivinBr a'; Rood -article at a fair price, with the privilege
¦ of money back for < dissatisfaction.
I ¦ .; . . .* Fedoras in all the' popular colors only ooc. ;
. Out-of-town orders fif/ed— write us. ' - -'
liliipiiiii
,718 Market Street ,Do Not Go Barefooted.
Ladies' shoes and ties that are worth
52 00 are being 6old for 75c a pair at the
factory sale of shoes, 717 Market street,
near Third. • •
. CHICAGO. June 10.— Representatives of
twenty-one plow manufacturing - com
panies were in session to-day arranging
the Jlnal details of the proposed big West
ern combination. It is said the plans of
the new organization will be-- announced
to-morrow. Among those present at the
meeting were Charles H. Deere of Moline,
111.; W. B. Brinton. Peru,. Ind., and'J.
Harley Bradley of Chicago. - •
-';' '. ' • ¦ • • " ' '. ¦ I-'-..'' ¦:.¦:
Perfecting the Plow Trust.
OMAHA. June 10.— Judge Baker in the
District Court to-day decided that the
statute known as the female labor law of
Nebraska, prohibiting owners of manu
facturing and mechanical concerns, stores
and shops, from working female employes
more than sixty hours a week is con
stitutional. The case was one wherein
William Wenham. a laundryman, was
charged with overworking female labor.
The court held that it was necessary to
limit the hours of female labor In order
to protect the public health.
DISTRICT JUDGE SUSTAINS
A CONTESTED LABOR LAW
Decides That Statute Limiting Hours
of Work for Females Is
Constitutional.
story. . m
Gunboat Goes to Unalaska.
¦WASHINGTON. June 10.— The gunboat
Concord left Yokohama to-day for Una
lafika where she is to assist in enforcing
the liquor laws in thai section and other
wise take up the duties formerly per
formed by the gunboat Wheeling, which
was recently put out of commission. ",»
IjOS ANGELES. June 10.— The Evening
Express this afternoon prints a story to
the effect that James M. Herbert, former
ly general superintendent of the Iron
Mountain road In SU Louis, will soon be
riven an Important position with the
fio-Jthern Pacific "An Eastern railroad
ofTKial vrhf was recently in the city" is
oucted as Jauthority for this statement.
jt !<rfurther hinted that Herbert Is sched
uled to succeed General Manager J. A.
FiUmore. . --,
Passenger Traffic Manager E. O. Mc-
Cormick stated last evening that there
¦was absolutely no foundation for the
Story of Prospective Change in
Southern Pacific Published, but
Denied Here.
BTJIIOR THAT HERBERT
WILL SUCCEED FILLMORE
Gives Artist a Commission.
LONDON, I June f 10.— King » Edward ap-;
pears to » have v neclded \ to secure -worthy
pictorial , illustrations ; of : the J incidents of
his reign. -He has commissioned ¦. Seymour
Lucas , to l paint a* picture 'of the j royal' re
ception of the Moorish embassy. ; .; ¦¦ ¦¦'; :K
tion of Captain J. M.* Neall, 1 the- ex-army
officer ,¦ who was arrested on a charge of
forgery, was conducted to-day before
United States Commissioner Wood. The
evidence offered by the Government con
sisted of the indictment found by the
Federal Grand Jury in San Francisco on
May 28. Neall offered \ no . defense and
was bound over, in I $2000 bonds to appear
In the United States District Court of 'the
Northern District of California on -the
second Monday in July.; : , . . : ,-. , •
Injured Man Identified.
SALT LAKE, June^ 10.— It Is ; learned
that the man; who jumped ~ from an east
bound Denver and Rio Grande train 'near
Riverside.'. Colo., is: C.vN.f Perkins of
-Omaha, Neb., a returned volunteer from
the Philippines, 'who j; was on his way
home. H. E. Perkins of "the auditing de
partment v of "the Oregon Short -Line, 'a
brother oMhe injured man; left for Pueb
lo to-day, where his brother is in the hos
pital, and will take him. home. ¦••..,- " : -
Accused Army Officer Is Bound
Over by Federal Commissioner
¦ in Butte.
BUTTE, Mont.. June 10.— The esamlna-
CAPTAIN J. M. NEALL
OFFERS NO DEFENSE
derbilt. . J;^v'
CLEVELAND, ,* Ohio, June 10.— The
Leader to-morrow will Bay:, It is con
cetted In authoritative circles that the re
ported sale of the Clover Leaf Railroad
to the Vanderbilt interests is based on
fact. The further understanding now is
that the road, when fully acquired will
be turned over to the Michigan Central to
operate, thus giving that line a south
western outlet, and enabling it to com
pete with the«Wabash, which has become
a vigorous factor in; the Eastern field
The Clover ; Leaf has 450 .miles of track',
with an aggregate liability of 126,000,000.
SALE OF CLOVER LEAF
RAILROAD IS CONCEDED
The Michigan Central Will Operate
It in the Interest of Van-
ephone stockholders received a shock to
dav In the form of a special circular from
John I. Sabin, the new president of the
company, requesting them to consider the
best way of obtaining: $3,000,000 during the
coming year to finance the company. The
circular had a deadening- effect upon the
stock of the company, and at the close of
the exchange here it had dropped nine
ooints a share.
Mr. Sabin was placed In charge of the
Central Union Telephone Company by the
American Telephone Company, owner of
the Bell patents, in order to put it on a
payinp basis. For three weeks Mr. Sabin
has been devoting most of his time to a
study of the conditions • of the company
and the possibilities of the field in which
it operates, and his conclusions are that
mi'lions will be needed to carry on the
work. • • ¦
ASKS FOE TYTTT,I,IONS
FBOM STOCKHOLDERS
President Sabin* Gives Chicago's Cen
tral Union Telephone .Company
a Shock.
CHICAGO, June 10.— Central Union Tel-
President. O'Connell received word to
day that twenty-six firms in California
had granted shorter hours .and an in
crease in pay. (/ •
The convention almost unanimously
voted down a resolution pledging the as
sociation to socialism. . It was also de
cided that a certificate of death from a
Christian Scientist doctor would not be
recognized in the* future in a claim for
death benefits.
A resolution was passed asking the
American Federation of Labor to levy an
assessment, as provided for in the'r con
stitution, to provide funds for the strik
ers. In the event of a long-drawn-out
fight an appeal for aid will also be made
to the trade organizations of Great Brit
aln,\who were assisted by the machinists
in their struggle for an eight-hour day.
Regarding the question of finances Pres
ident O'Connell said that a special strike
fund amounting to over $150,000 was still
intact.
TORONTO, Ont., June 10.— The Interna
tional Machinists' Association in conven
tion to-day decided td extend financial
aid to non-union men who 'went out ¦with
members of the sssociation. President
O'Connell stated that officials were not
restricted as to the amount non-union
men should receive, but be added tha* in
any event it would be sufficient to induce
them to remain in the fight to the end.
Since May 20 over $46,000 has been dis
tributed among strikers, and as yet no
regular system of benefits has gone into
fores.
Machinists Will Assist
Those Who Struck
With Them:
NON-UNION MEN
WILL BE AIDED
'.-¦•¦¦'" t
ident of the Society of Authors, of which
he had been a gallant champion against
the publishers.
»
The opponents of Dr. Tubbs refuse to
make any direct charge against him other
than that his teachings are not in accord
with the doctrines of the church.
.The orthodox and liberal elements of the
Northwest conference of the Methodist
church apparently are lining up for a
B|ruggle as a result of the dismissal of
Professor Tubbs. It appears the trouble
has been growing for more than a year,
and the dismissal of Dr. Tubbs brought
a crisis. Some of the younger ministers
claim that the ones who are making the
charges against Dr. Tubbs are going out
of their way to make trouble, and they
dub them "heresy hunters."
Xearly all the Methodist theological
schools are represented in the Methodist
conference, and many of them are sup
porters of Dr. Tubbs. but the older and
more orthodox ministers are in the ma
jority and control the Kansas Wesleyan
University.
I am a consistent believer In evolution as the
method which God has employed to bring
things about In this world. I don't believe
Cod has gone about his work in a haphazard
manner. He has had a distinct method. Evo
lution is the only theory of this method adopted
and taught by prominent scientists of the world
to-day. I have abundant letters from profes
sors in the leading universities of America and
England, all testifying to the truth of the
theory of evolution. . ¦."•
I believe In the right of every man to In
quire where the Bible came from, who wrote
it. and what its purposes are. The Ideas which
result from such Investigations are naturally
various, and while I am net a teacher of this
subiect I hold no opinions that are not taught
In the resularly authorized theological schools
of the Methodist church, whose teachers are
elected by the bishops of the church.
Before I left South America Bishop Vincent
fully questioned my beliefs, approved them,
and reappolnted me to the seminary.
I knew nothing of the movement to oust me
until the thing: was actually done. It is usual
to g-lve notice of a month or so before action
of that kind is taken. . I am not a. heretic I
challenge any member of the board of trustees,
any preacher in the Northwest Kansas confer
ence, or any one else, ttrp#int out a single
utterance of mine that he has heard that is in
opposition to the doctrines of the Methodist
church.
SALINA, Kans., June 10.— Professor
Frank D. Tubbs, recently removed from
the chair of natural science In the Wes
leyan University for alleged heresy, said
to-day of his case:
to Show He Is a
Heretic.
TUBBS REPLIES
TO TIE CHARGE
Challenges His Accusers
Sir Walter Besant was bcrn in Ports
mouth, England, in 183S. His early education
was received at King's College, London,
and from there he went to Christ's Col
lege. Cambridge, where "h^ took mathe
matical honors. Abandoning his idea of
entering the church, he taught for sev
eral years in the Royal College of Mauri
tius before he was compelled to return
to England owing to ill health. It was
then that he took up literature as a pro
fession. He was GO years old when he
commenced his career as 1 , a novelist, and
his first work was burned by him when
the first- publisher to whom he showed it
refused it. In 1869 he became acquainted
with James Rice, the editor of Once a
Week, and two years later they began
LONDON. June 10.— Sir Walter Be
sant, the novelist, died yesterday
at his residence in Hampstead,
after a fortnight's illness from in
fluenza. Besant v.-as to have at
tended the Atlantic Union dinner to-night
and propose the toast to "English Speak
ing Communities."
"It is extremely doubtful whether the
United States is prepared now to compete
in the markets of the world in manufac
tures except in' iron, and steel machinery
and the coarser grades of cotton goods.
The 'tariff indicates that American econo
mists and statesmen do not believe the
United States is yet able to take an in
dustrial position by the side of Great
Britain."
Mr. Porter expressed the opinion that
Great Britain's backwardness in electrical
science was "due more to absurd restric
tions and laws than to la?k of enterprise,"
and he said that Great Britain needs
"bracing up in new," not old, industrial
problems." . ' . " .
"Those that argue that Great Britain's
commercial supremacy is at an end be
cause the value of American exports or
the total of the foreign commerce of the
United States exceeds Great Britain's for
one year," continuer Mr. Porter "might
find the argument upset by the first bad
harvest. Many complicated economic
problems must be facet, in the United
Statec. The magnitude of American un
dertaking may be impressive, but these"
have corresponding dangers. In spite of
European mutterings there Is llttie likeli
hood of a combined European tariff war
against the -United States, because the
nations conceited are so hopelessly In
volved In tariff conflicts between'' them
selves. Great Britain's free trade policy
may have injured her home industries,
but it has strengthened her foreign trade.
On the other hand, the United States is
finding considerable ' difficulty, both at
home and abroad, in negotiating commer
cial treaties.", '..>. . • . •
LONDON. June 10.— Robert B. Porter,
speaking to-day before the Chesterfield
Chamber of Commerce on the "Epidemic
of Industrial Pessimism in the United
Kingdom," said: • .
Requires Bracing Up in
New industrial
Problems.
ENGLAND LACKS
IN ENTERPRISE
Be Visited. / V
WASHINGTON, June 10.— The Presi
dent and Mrs. McKinlcy to-day received
from Mr. and Mrs. Thomas Walsh of Col
orado the exquisite gifts that, were to
liuve been souvenirs of the Presidential
visit to Colorado had Mrs. McKinley's ill
ness not out short their Western visit.
To-day, according to official programme
marked out for the trip, the Presidential
party was to have breakfasted with Mr.
and "Mrs. Walsh at Glenwood Springs.
The souvenir selected for the President
is a book of views bound in Russia leath
er and mounted with gold and plate with
date engraved thereon. The plate is steel
engraved and shows all the places of In
terest which the party were to have vis
ittd. For Mrs. McKinley there was a
gold card case suitably engraved with
name and date. Each of the* Cabinet
ladies also, receive^ a souvenir card case
almost the ecual,of that made for Mrs.
McKinley.
They Were Prepared in the '¦ Expec
tation That Colorado Would
MEMBERS OF PRESIDENTIAL
'.. PARTY RECEIVE SOUVENIRS
DENVER. June 10.— Judge Peter L. Pal
mer to-day administered a severe' judicial
rebuff to more than 100 "reformers" who
appeared in his court, as they had previ
ously announced through the newspapers
they would do, to protest against the
granting: of injunctions against tb» City
Kire and Police boards In the case of the
Chesapeake restaurant having the right
to serve drinks on Sunday with meals,
and Saloon-keeper Cronin, who held that
under the law he was entitled to sell
Jiquor To women at his bar. The Judge
closed his remarks by declaring that he
intended to make judicial inquiry into the
question whether certain clergymen of
Denver, who denounced him in their pul
pits yesterday, were in contempt of court,
and that if he satisfied himself that they
•were he would immediately take their
cases up and give them the full punish
ment under the law.
The clergymen to whom Judge Palmer
referred are Rev. \V. H. Talmage, super
intendent of the Anti-Saloon League, and
Rev, M. A. Rader of Grace M. E. Church.
Mr. Rader is quoted as having said yes
terday to his congregation:
The eaJoon men prevailed upon Judge Palmer
two weeks ago to grant these injunctions. I
have great respect for our courts, as such,
but when a District Judge prostitutes the
bench to such low ends I confess that I am
.not only astounded but deeply grieved.
Mr. Talmage is quoted as having- said:
It would be worth while for the saloon men
to pay Jud?e Palmer $20,000 to make the in
lunction permanent, but if it were accom
plished it would result Jn a great upheaval
of th« Christian people of Denver.
"It is time to call a halt in this whole
sale criticism of the courts," said Judge
Palmer, "and I for one am going to put
forth my hand and see if these men who
have stated. If the- have been correctly
quoted, that I would receive a bribe and
also that I have prostituted my sacred
office to low ends, can be properly pun
ished." -
Objects to Criticism of
His Acts by Two
Ministers.
DENVER JUDGE
GROWS WRATHY
NEW YORK, June 10.— Albert T. Pat
rick pleaded not guilty of the murder of
William Marsh Rice, the Texas million
aire, when arraigned before Judge Cowing
in the Court of General Sessions to-day.
With him were arraigned David L. Short
and Morris Meyer, charged with forgery
in connection with the case They pleaded
not guilty. All three were remanded back
to the Tombs. The men were arraigned as
a sequence to the decision rendered by
Judge Foster last Friday, overruling a de
murrer entered by the attorneys for the
defendants. _ , , _.
Later the attorneys for Patrick, Short
and Meyers made an application to Judge
Cowing for bail for Short and Meyers.
Assistant District Attorney Oarvin. rep
resenting the people, asked that bail be
fixed at $40,000. Judge Cowing named
525.000 in each case as the sum he would
require.
Remanded to the Tombs to Await
Trial for Killing of Mil
lionaire Rice.
PATBICK PLEADS NOT
GUILTY TO MURDER CHARGE
WASHINGTON, June 10.— In response
to messages from the President, sent late
this evening after an hour's talk with the
Secretary of State, all the members of
the Cabinet now in the city assembled at
the White House at S o'clock this even-
Ing. There were five of them present.
They capie in evening dress. Secretary
Long was accomr»anied by his little boy.
The object of the gathering was not
known to the members of the Cabinet,
as the invitations to them simply asked
Them to call at 8 o'clock. Following the
meeting the members announced that
they had been enjoined by the President
to say nothing regarding the subject dis
cussed. It is believed some weighty af
fair of state was the cause of the hurried
boss Jon.
Members Refuse to Divulge the
Nature of the Subject Under
Discussion.
CABINET HURRIEDLY
CALLED INTO SESSION
SAX ' DIEGO, June 10.— Mrs. C. H.
Bailey had. a -narrow escape from death
this evening while . cooking supper. Th«
woman's husband or some one else had
been working in the kitchen during th*
afternoon with giant powder caps- and left
one of them on the stove, which was then
cold. When Mrs. Bailey lighted the flro
this evening she did not see the cap and
she was at work- over the stove when it
exploded.-' She was badly cut about the
face, arms and breast.
EXPLOSIVE RUINS SUPPER
AND INJURES A WOMAN
Giant Powder Cap Is Left on . Stove
and Trouble Occurs When Fire
Is Lighted.
are building at Trieste, Austria, for the
East China Rail way. Company, which al
ready has a fleet of twenty-eight steam
ers for the Yellow Sea traffic. %
The Manchuria has already been
launched and will be "delivered, to the
Russian Commissioners in Muly. The
Mongolia will be finished' in the autumn.
The opening of the new. service has been
fixed for December. The passage between
Vladivostok and San Francisco is ex
pected to occupy twelve days.
The Trieste Ship Building Company has
just siirned a further contract with the-
Commissioners of the ¦ Russian Govern
ment for thft construction of two other
steamers of 6C00 tons and 400 feet long for
the same service. •»* .
LED BY FANCIED INSULT
TO PUT AN END TO LIFE
AMBURG, Bavaria, June 10.— Louis
Stern, the former United States Commer
cial Agent here, shot himself to-day
In the public gardens near the town. . He
imagined that as a Hebrew. his Ameri
can colleagues in Germany disliked him
and also that his Hebrew status prevent
ed his obtaining Government promotion.
On a certain public occasion in Berlin a
year ago Mr.- Stern felt aggrieved at the
tone of . speeches made by two eminent
Americans who were present. He thought
the speakers meant to belittle him as a
Hebrew, all of which was purely imag
inary.
Receives Fatal Burns.
BTJTTE, Mont., June 10. — In a fire which
destroyed the .Central lodging-house, 231
East Park street, early to-day, Miss Igna
Larson, proprietress of the establishment.
In an effort to save her personal effects
received burns which are likely to prove
fatal.
NEW YORK. June 10.— The World has
the following from. St. Petersburg: Sen
ator Beveridge has been conferring with
the Russian Foreign relative to
concessions for .'steamship .service be
tween Vladivostok- or Port' Arthur and
some "port x>n the Pacific coast of the
United, States, vile found, the Russian
Government already prepared to open up
this. route by starting a line of steamers
between Vladivostok and San Francisco
for carrying trans-Pacific malls in con
nection with the Trans-Siberian Railway,
whsch will bo completed by the end of
this year, 1 it is thought. •
NORTH SHORE RACES
I WIMVBE ABANDONED
Two steamers, the Manchuria and Mon
golia,'each S43 feet long, of 3000 tons bur
den," 4073 horsepower and 16 knots speed.
{ BOSTON, June 10.— The proposed races
off the North Shore between the Sham
rock II and the Constitution, the Inde
pendence and the Columbia for Mr. Law
son's 51000 • clip will ¦ probably be aban
doned. Members of . the Hull (Massachu
setts) Yacht Club committee said to-day
that the accident ¦¦ to - the 'Shamrock II.
with the postponement of the America's
cup race, would place the North Shore
races too : late in the fali. : It was pro
posed to-day that Mr. Lawson should of
fer his $1000 cup for a special race at the
time of the series off Newport.
Murdered in Jail.
.-;¦ PINE BLUFF. Ark., June 10.— A young
white man named McLeod, incarcerated
in vthe Jail at' Hamburg, Ashley County,
T^as mysteriously murdered at midnight
by Unknown; persons. . McLeod had been
charged with larceny.
their literary partnership. Rice died in
1SS2, and in that same year "All Sorts and
Conditions of Men." Besant's first inde
pendent novel, was published. Among his
best kno'wn novels arc "The Children of
Gibson." "The World Went Very Well
Then." "Call Her Mine," "Cella's Arbor".
and , "St.. Katharine's Tower." . ¦ ¦•
In 1895 he was made a Baronet and pres-
Word was sent to the railroad company
*nd the destructive material was taken -to
Green River. The spot where it was
found Is one of the loneliest points of the
read and had the would-be robbers been
successful in their attempt to wreck the
train they would have no doubt succeeded
in making a big haul.
CHEYENNE. Wyoming. June 10.-A
cowboy riding along an unfrequented road
near the Union Pacific Railroad track
about six miles below Green River
chanced to see hidden in the rocks about
$00 pounds of dynamite. Suspicious
thoughts seized him a.t once. He removed
the dangerous explosive, which was in
sucks, farther into the ravine and
watched it until nightfall on Saturday at
n safe distance from observation.
Some time after dark he saw coming
up the path two men and thrve horses,
the third a pack horse. Silently at first
the disappointed outlaws, crestfallen,
looked about in vain for that with which
they had no doubt intended to dynamite
a train. Then, as if with fear that they
¦were about to be set upon by officers,
they put spurs to their horses and sped
Into the mountains.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Removes the Explosive and
Witnesses Chagrin of
Its Owners.
Finds a Quantity of Dy
namite Hidden by
Outlaws.
COWBOY CHECKS
TRAIN ROBBERY
PEKING. June 10.— A messenger who
has just arrived from the southern part
of the province of Chili reports that at
Hochienfu (Hukien) more than 1000 rebels
have assembled. Their banners <xalt
the Chinese, who are urged to destroy
the Manchus. The surrounding villages
have been occupied and looting is pro
cvedinjj.
LONDON. Juno 11.— The Times, In tha
course of an editorial to-day on thu Chi
nese indemnity guarantees, says:
'/Doubtless the United States Is actu
ated by tho samo reasons as Great Bri
tain In declining a joint guarantee of the
Chinese Indemnity. The Americans are
business-like people. They are no more
likely to lend fcredlt than money to oblige
China's creditors, and Washington's de
cision must have been foreseen and dis
counted lonp nsro."
Special Dlsjatch to The Call.
Carry Banners Urging the
Destruction of the
Manchus.
Are Looting Villages
in Southern Chili
Province.
CHINESE REBELS
MASS AN ARMY
CALL BUREAU. 1406 G STREET. N.
W.. WASHINGTON. Juno 10.— There Is
fresh trouble In Korea for Americans,
and the protected cruiser New Orleans
has been sent to look after the Interests
of citizens of the United States: This is
Inconsequence, of «nforn«atlon sent by
In "consequence ' of Information sent by
Seoul.
• A cable message was received^ at the
Navy . Department to-day from Captain
Sperry, commanding the New Orleans,
announcing his departure from Chefu for
Chemulpo. The visit of the New Orleans
to Korean waters "will bo the first paid
by an'Amerlcan warship In many months.
Recently Mr. Allen cabled the State De
partment that American interests would
be endangered if McLevy Brown, the
financial expert of Korean customs, were
removed, and he protested against his re
moval. Mr. Brown Is still in office, but
the appearancs of an American warship
at- Chemulpo will undoubtedly Impress
the Government, of the Hermit Kingdom.
Additional information received in
Washington throws . further light • upon
the attitude of Mr. Brown. In order to
meet interest on the Japanese loan, ac
cording: to these later, reports, Mr.: Brown
without consulting the Government made
preparations for floating an English
loan for $1,000,000. . The Government de
clined to sanction the loan and took
measures contemplating Mr. Brown's re
moval. The order for the loan was re
voked, and a loan of the required amount
•was placed with a French bank. The In
fluence of Great Britain and : Japan and
the attitude of the -United States Minister
resulted in Brown's restoration... ¦ -.
Emphatic denial is given : the reports
that M. Paploff. the Russian Minister.'
urged Korea to remove Brown. On the.
other hand, it is known that "under his
instructions. he was to refrain from med-.
dling in any matters which did not affect
Russian interests. - -'..-;. ¦- ,• .
There are very large American gold
mining: interests in Korea, the mines be
ing owned chiefly by T. Sloat Fassett of
New York. ; , . ~
Special Dispatch to The Call.
America Backs Up Protest
Against McLevy Brown's
'-, Removal.
to Waters of Hermit
Kingdom.
New Orleans Is Sent
WARSHIP GIVES
HINT TO KOREA
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Russian Government Will Have a New Line
of Vessels in Operation From Vladivostok
by the 'End 'of the Present Year
STEAMSHIPS TO PLY BETWEEN
SIBERIA AND SAN FRANCISCO
Noted English Writer Succumbs to In
fluenza at His Hampstead Residence;
After an Illness of. Two Weeks' Duration
NOVELIST WALTER BESANT
ANSWERS THE CALL OF DEATH
THE SAN FKANCJLSCp -CAM,, TUESDAY, Al UJNK ; 11; 1901.
SIR WALTER BESANT. THE
WRITER, WHO HAS DIED OF
INFLUENZA.
3
wm ill An out of th© ISif
Hi imR ffetf*fl4 fl*)f*%/ Ct^Mi^b ffci wfpjisil
children's suits
Mothers, when you can buy the boy a $4.00 suit for $1.95,. a $5.50 suit for $2.95, or a
$7.00 suit for $3.95, it's a considerable saving. Isn't it? These values are to be had at our sale
of children's suits. The reason for the low prices is very brief. E. J. Adler & Co. of New York
are large manufacturers of children's clothing. We bought their entire line of sample suits —
suits made up most carefully to represent their product — suits were exhibited by their sales--
men. At the end of the traveling season we purchased the lot at 40c on the dollar, wholesale.
You are now getting the suits at the same proportionate reduction.
The styles are Norfolk, Russian blouse, vestee, sailor and two piece suits. in swell 1901
patterns. The ages range trom 3 to 16 years. The. suits are divided into three lots, as follows:
Lot No. 1 contains suits Lot No. 2 comprises suits Lot No. 3 represents suits
worth $4.00 arid $5.00, which worth $5.50 and $6.50, which worth $7.00. and $8.50, which
will be sold for . -will go for - . are marked to sell at"
$1.95 $2.95 $3,95
• If you are not satisfied with the suit — satisfied that the value is all we claim it to be-^
'return it and get-your money back. ' Exchanges , cheerfully made.
We have also selected from our regular stock three lines^of suits to go with the above
.' Sailor suits "of blue cheviot Vestee suits in striped wors- Sailor suits in flannels aifd'
with red,jiyhite or black sou- teds, being swell patterns that cheviots, in neat patterns^ of
tache trimmings, ages 3 .to 10 are nea't and dressy, excep- stripes and plaids, ages 4 to 12
years, special .at . tional value, at '>.-..; years, value $2. 50, 'special at
Men's Union-Made Clothing
Everywhere in the United States people are" seeking manufactured articles*. that bear
the Union label. In the clothing trade the unioniabel means' more than in any oth'er-^it is tHe
one sure, safe guarantee that the clothing. is made in clean, light, airy workshops, by skillful
We are the only manufacturing retailers on the Pacific. Coast selling) union made
clothing. Our blue serge suits at $7.50, top coats at $7.50 and trousers at.$2.20 prove that/
well paid union labor does Mt>etter\work and more of>it than poor, unskilled labpr. This; com"-.
biried with the fact that Sy'e save you the* middleman's p'rofit, .more than .pays for the good
wages which^ union labor demands. At our store,' union made clothing costs no more "than
the ordinary, cheaply made clothing— in fact' it costs less. ,- .
Send in youp name T^I M A/^\ £* . Ou t-of-town orders
and address for our ?^'/\' Vw I II 91 B X^ fl H "§• fiUed ' Writ3 us fop
newUittstratedeata- >^ |: '^Kf< " 'TT^- Mvfr'vJ- an ything Inclbth-
iogue, . : ..¦...-*:--. 1.. ',t : '¦ - ing, furnishings or
••What to Wear:" '¦¦ : , ' 718 Market: Streets '* '.' 'vhats."The story published in an evening paper
yesterday to the effect that Attorney J.
H. McKnight had suddenly left for parts
unknown without the knowledge of his
clients Is characterized by his wife and
family as being absolutely false. They
state he has gone to Seattle in accord
ance with a prearranged plan and that so
soon as he is permanently located he in
tends to send for his family. In the
meantime his practice here is in the
hands of Attorney W. R. Daingerfield.
McKnight Is Not Missing.
First race— Sea Spray. Beau Monde, Ring
master.
Second race — Armado, Marelio. Robert Bon
ner II. .
Third race— Gusto, Favorlto, Torsida.
Fourth race — Buck Taylor, • Gold Finder,
Frank "Woods.
Fifth race— Carlo. Achilles, Escalante.
Sixth race— Sylvan Lass, Pat Morrissey,
Snips. . •
Probable "Winners.
Sixth race— One mile and fifty yards; four
year-olds and up; selling.
2525 Mont Eagle... 117 f2SS2)Sylvan Lass... 105
T.77 Rio Chico 107 2543 K'ckunzbob ... 1,07
tm Snip? 105 2571 Alicia 10"
r.73 Sir Hampton.. 110 2K37 Oastake 107
?. r .71 Lost Girl 105 2576 Donator 107
2SfiS Sisquoc 107 1 2378 Senator Matts 107
2565 Pat Morriesey 1071
Fifth race— Five furlongs; two-year-olds;
handicap.
2S66 Tyranus 1W 2Sfi3 Achilles 104
2345 Innocencia ... 104 2570 Royalty 1W
f25561Carlo 122 2374 Glendenning- . 114
(2574)Escalante 122
Fourth rac<?— Five and a half furlongs; four
y»ar-olds and up; pe71ing. t
(2512) Blch Sheppard 1121 256S Frank Woods, 112
.... El Puerto 1141 2554 Bagdad 112
2566 Pidalia 1121 2541 Searchlight ... 114
.... Monteraj 114| 1762 Mrs C. 112
2S«5 Gold Finder... 112! 2458 Letiper 112
"'111 Buck Tavlor.. 114 2565 Position ...... 113
Third race— Six furlongs;' three-year-olds and
tip: celling.
2379 Mike Rice 106 2564 Gusto 109
K72 Hohenlohe .... 102 2554 Alpha Lee .... KS
2.";S9 Favorlto 99 2549 Rtxford 99
(257;)Torsida 104 2342 El Kara 97
K67 Priam 10T
Second racft-Four furlong* maiden two-year
old colts and geldings; selling.
JSS3 Earl TV 1(X>/ 2367 «esin . 106
254S Marelio 112! 2567 Dawson .'. 103
2367 Sleeping Child 1031 2513'Juros 103
254R Armado 103! £TrfS Gypsy Boy.... 106
2547 Black Cloud... 109 1 2567 P.obt Bonnr II 100
First lace — Seven furlongs; four-year-olds;
celling.
2566 Pongo : 109 r 2579 Beau Monde... 114
20S1 Rose of Hilo.. 113' 2566 Sea Spray .... 115
17S8 Harry Gwyne 116 2549 Firelight II... 109
236S Sam Dnnnen- 2529 Ringmaster ... 101
bautn 10f" 2560 Devereaux 101
2566 San JUignstine 107' £i68 Sweet Voice... 97
FOR the first time in several, days
the favorites enjoyed fair
weather sailing- at the Oakland
track yesterday, but one blatant
long shot coming: in under the
wire for a purse. Ten books. cut in.whlch
with the two of the field variety ' made a
busy ring. ." .
in, which with the two of the field va
riety made a busy ring. ¦ - ' ,
Sir Dougal brought money, home to a
few in the first race, a five' furlong event
for maiden three year olds and upward.
After a long delay at the post, the barrier
was sprung on a good general break. Sir
Doujral going to the front and. never being
headed. Abba L worked In for the place
and Bonltary got the show. \
Dollie Weithoff was a strong favorite
In tho second race, over six furlongrs, and,
ridden by Alexander, won out in a clever
drive from the paddock to the' wire.
Tiburon figured .until the paddock was
reached, when Decoy moved up for .the
place, Tiburon getting 1 , the show.
The crowd gathered round the judges'
stand after the third race giving vent to
its disapproval in hoots and hisses that
were rapidly submerged by hand-clap
pin?r and cheers. The hooters played
Shell Mount at 4 to 1, the cheerers Hua
chuca, a. 1 to 2 favorite. • Huachuca tick
ets, were good for first money and rightly
fo. although to many it looked, like a. dead
heat. From the turn to the wire Hua
chuca and Shell Mount teamed-, along,
both boys riding hard. You You made the
show. - '. ' . v ' T.V
In the fourth race Prestidigitator, an
even mones 7 favorite, with Hoar up, won
an easy .victory, 1 - For, a time Duckoy
looked to hare more than an ordinary
show, but Prestidigitator turned the
hand. Odd Eyes, by a strong finish, made
the place, leaving the third money for
Duckoy.
Sylvan Loss seems bent upon furnishing
surprises. In the fifth race, over 1 mile
und 50 yards, in a four cornered game
Prior on Sylvan Lass played the trump
card at the right time and won all the
monej' at 13 to 1. Wardman went out
soon after the start and' was followed by
Sylvan Lass, a length bejrind up the back
Ftretch. When the finish was ripe Sylvan
rolled into the sunlight. Horton made the
place and Wardman the show.
There , were a. half dozsen warm tips
floating on an ebb tide — before the sixth
race. When the six furlongs were fin
ished Oscar Tolle, the favorite at the
opening, came in for the money. Mamie
Hildreth. at 15 to 1 to win. getting the
place and Parsifal, at long odds, rolling 1
in for the show.
e
To-Day's Entries.
An increase in the salaries of 173 post
offlce clerks employed in this city r will
take place on July 1. An extra" appropri
ation . has been . made . and the ', clerks are
to receive the benefit. A vote, of thanks
was mailed yesterday by the members of
the San Francisco Postofflce Clerks' As
sociation .to Congressman Loud for his
efforts In their behalf in this matter.'
More Money for Postal Clerks.'
One mile, selling— Birdie May won, Edna
Garry second. Queen of Quality third. Time,
1:41%. •
. CHICAGO, June 10.— Harlem summaries: : ¦
One mile— Vulcaln won, Henry Burt second
Guy H third. Time, 1:49 2-5. ,..-•-'
Six furlongs — The Lady- won, George Arnold
second, Mr. Brown third. Time, 1:17%.
Five furlongs — Mamie English won. The Rival
6econd, Our Jessie third. 'Time, 1:06%. ' •; .
Steeplechase handicap, short course— Dick
Furber won, Filon .d'Or second, Becky Rolfe
third. Time. 3:48 3-5. ¦ .' • '
One mile and a sixteenth — Quaver won, ¦ Cam
brian second, Orimar third. Time. '1:58.
Seven furlongs— Likeness won. Flaneur kc
ond. Cora Havlll II third. Time, 1:35 3-5.
One mile and an eighth, selling— Walkenshaw
won. Knight Banneret second, Grandon third
Time, 2:03 4-5. . . ' "
. ST. LOUIS, June 10.— Fair Grounds summa.
ries:. '-'''¦'¦' .,j-
Five furlongs, selling— Josie F won. Agin sec
ond. Pirate Maid third. Time." 1:07%. ¦ .
Five furlongs, purse— Sister Sarah won, Carat
second. Ruby Ray third. Time, 1:07%.
Six • furlongs, selling— Mrs. Grannan won
Alea second, Sinfl third. Time, 1:18%.
Six furlongs, -selling— Jake Weber won. Hurry
second. King's Highway third. Time, 1:18% ¦
One mile, purse— Miss Mae Day won, Propel
ler second, Maximus third, Wallen fourth '
Time. 1:48.
One mile and three-sixteenths. Belling— Satin
Coat won, Rushfield second, Zonne third. Time
2:0S}£. ¦- :.r"Vi' ¦¦•.":.'•¦.. •
One mile and a quarter, selling— Strathbrook
w"on, Banquo II second, Russian third. Time.
2;08. , • ¦.
¦ Six and a half furlongs — Toluca won, McElroy
second, Uledi third. Time, 1:19%.
SIxtfurlongs, selling— Maggie Felix won. Dr.
Fannie second. Full Dress third. Time, 1:15.
'One mile, selling— Colonel Strathy won. Pretty
RoEie second, Polly Bixby tnird. Time, 1:43. :•
Six furlongs — Baronet won, Erema second
Princess Evelyn third., Time, 1:14.
Five furlongs — James P. Keating won. Gold
Seeker second. Dixie Line third. Time; 1:02 2-5:
One mile and a sixteenth— Ten Candles won.
All Gold second, Bonnlbert third. Time, 1:46 4-5.
CINCINNATI, June 10.— Summary at New
port:
The Standard stakes, one mile and a half—
Ethelbert won. Beau Gallant second. - Time,
2:36. Two starters.
Five and a half furlongs — April Showers won,
G. Whittier second, Flywheel . third. Time,
1:06 3-5. -- ...-., .... < . .
Kensington hurdle handicap, one mile and
three-quarters— Matt Simpson won, Cephali
gla second. Magic Light third. Time, 3:16 2-5.
About six furlongs/selling— Ventoro won, Mili
tary second, Manden third. Time, 1:11.
NEW YORK, June 10.— Gravesend summa
ries: .
Stakes at Gravesend.
Only Two Starters in the Standard
ETHELBEBT THE WINNER.
¦- The Porters'-, and | Packers' I Association
had • a ; long : meeting' at California \ Hall,
. . . / _. •¦-¦¦, ;¦.;¦-;; ,s ¦¦¦;-§¦> j, •¦ •- ¦ ¦ .
. Our own * organization has ample * funds j to
eontinue its -own fight. When these, are used
up we know how and where, to replenish them.
In conclusion we wish to inform all interested
In .this struggle that* the machinists have I up
to the present \ time made ' every endeavor :to
meet the employers more than, half '.way, : and
so - far ; have; been treated . contemptuously, ¦, so
much so that in the; future ; all overtures must
come from our opponents, and : no settlement
can possibly • be ,' reached on any other terms
than those . already conceded. -
-.• -}¦:. ¦ \.- H. M. BURNET, - V ¦'¦¦ '
¦';••-"¦ .'.'.. •"¦'•-< 'WILLIAM DELiANEY. '•
Press Committee of Local No.- 68, International
" ; Association ' of Machinists.,* 1 :; '¦¦'. ¦']'• '' , ;..-:
He also stated that -the stand taken 1 by the
manufacturers- here would not Influence him
one way or the other, as he did not think that
the boys were unreasonable in their, requests,
for the reason they were only asking for what
had already been in operation, for a year or
more inr the East. , . ., ¦
' Repudiates Agreement.
, .. Saturday,' between 2 aqd 3 p. m., the com
mittee .assembled .Mr.' Jackson's v men ¦ at hjs
shops as they had agreed to. Imagine the sur
prise of that .committee when Mr. "Jackson
repudiated his agreement of the day before and
eaid that .he* Understood, it to be nine hours'
work for nine hours' pay. : • Now V for the ab
solute fact as to that agreement, Mr. Jack
son had prepared two different forms of type-:
written agreements to present to;the commit
tee when they, arrived at his place of business
on Friday. One read: ¦-- .' , ' .-.«.. ,/•«.
i "On and after; May 2Q, 1901, • nine hours shall
constitute a< day's work. • Time and one-hair
for overtime uji ¦ to 12 o'clock i midnight, and
double time, for all overtime after 12 o'clock,
and for Sundays and holidays. .The rate of
wages to be $3 per day.". ; .
. The other : agreement read: '¦
• "Nine hours shall' constitute a day with ten
hours' pay, with overtime," etc. . ' '• ". ,
,. This shows that , Mr. ¦ Jackson : f.ully under
stood his agreement with the committee.; ¦ /¦'"
What and who produced this sudden lack of
memory of Mr. Jackson? This Is not the first
instance ' wherein , influence has been brought
to bear upon firms who were «only too .^willing,
to settle with the International Association : of
Machinists and Bet their men to work in the
past week.\ As to the ¦ levying of assessments
for tho support of the machinists >, on strike,
and. this ret--, about their getting hungry and
will give in. to the bosses,- It -may as well be
understood now as later. on that: the machin
ists 1 have ample funds to : prolong' <the strike
for rlx months or longer if necessary, and no
iriember of the International 'Association of Ma
chinists will go hungry, either. There are oth
ers Who are. on strike, and it Is necessary to
assist them to gain what they, are asking for,"
and we propose to give j them all the assist
ance -we can. ¦:-' ..; •.*. *v... .. .. ', ., :<
'This was acceptable to Mr. Jackson, his
brother and manager, and was agreed, to then
and there, Mr. Jackson agreeing to post' a
notice to that effect in his shop on the follow
ing Monday and start his works up. He also
requested the committee to have •¦ . his - men
meet him* at his shops the next day, Satur
day, June S, '60 that he could have a talk
with them and find out If they were satisfied
with the agreement. Mr. , Jackson also stated
that he had not yet met with the other manu
facturers in this city; that he had just ar
rived from the East and knew nothing about
the strike except from newspaper report; -that
be had visited a large number of shops while
there and found them working on the nine
hour a 'day basis, with ten hours' pay, .and
found things were running smoothly; that the
employers and employes had as a rule come
to an agreement without any strikes taking
place, and that he could see no reason - fof
anything of the kind having occurred here. •
He was informed that whenever he was ready
to grant his men the nine-hour day with the
sarao wages the men had on the day they
walked out, together with time and one-half
for overtime up to 12 o'clock, midnight, and
double time for all overtime ' after 12 o'clock,
and for Sundays and holidays, and accepted
the International Association of ; Machinists'
definition of what Constituted a machinist, the
strike would be declared off so far as he was
concerned. « ' ' • ' '• * " : ¦ . - .-
Friday afternoon, June 7, Byron Jackson tele
phoned to the machinists' headquarters that
he would like to have the executive committee
call at his place of business, 411 Market street,
immediately, as he wished to come to an agree
ment with -the machinists and start up his
works as soon as possible. The machinists'
'committee, consisting of H. M. Burnett.. John
Ftzpatrick and F. Minedew, proceeded at once
to Mr. Jackson' 8, and found Frank Jackson,
Byron Jackson and their business manager
waiting for them. Mr. Jackson asked what was
necessary for him to do In order to start up his
works and get his old ' hands , back to work
again.
The following will probably illustrate how the
manufacturers are endeavoring to settle this
controversy, and will also show how unreason
able the machinists" have been in their demands
up to the present time: . : . •
It is stated by many business men and also
hinted at by the nress that the machinists and
allied trades will" not make any advancement
toward settlement: that the different trades
have put in conflicting agreements, wherein one
trade is asking for an eight-hour day. Another
is asking for a nine-hour day. This we wish
to emphatically deny, and ask all incredulous
persons to compare the agreements that have
been sent out and published in the newspapers
of the city. This is the best evidence and the
only evidence that should be „ considered.
The nubile seems to.be entirely led, by. the
mere- assertion of the employer, and take what
ever comes from this source as the whole truth
¦without question. Is it possible .that 4000 ma
chinists, pattern-makers, boiler-makers, black
smiths and molders in this city are not to have
a hearing In the matter? Is not their combined
statement over their signatures as to what they
are asking for of as much importance as a. half
dozen manufacturers' assertions, coming' from a
source that Is bo questionable that they are
afraid to make It over their signatures so that
the public may know who and what they are?
About 100 steel-workers, the last of the
iron trades men remaining in the shops,
walked out yesterday, practically leaving
them deserted. The following statement
was issued last night by the press com
mittee of the International Association of
Machinists:
Headquarters Iron Trades Council,
SAN FRANCISCO, June 10, 1901.
Once more it has become necessary for the
machinists of San Francis€o to present their
side of the controversy^ between the employers
and themselves, in order that the general pub
lic shall become acquainted with the true facts
appertaining to this struggle for a decent work
day, wherein the most skilled labor of this great
nation shall be accorded a part of the rights
and privileges of the common unskilled la
borer.
Steel-Workers Walk Out.
Unless the journeymen butchers recede
from 'the position they have assumed,
every butcher shop in the city . will be
closed to-morrow morning. , The conten
tion now is between the wholesalers and
retailers on one side and the journeymen
on the other. Some weeks ago the jour
neymen presented demands as to hours
and rates ot pay. In the main these
were acceded to, the journeymen agree
ing to supply union and non-union houses
alike. The matter was to be left entirely
to the discretion of the proprietor. •
Since this action was. taken,, some ten
days ago, a new question has arisen. The
journeymen butchers left it optional with
their employers to display the union card.
Some 50,000 small cards were printed and
distributed asking- members of unions not
to patronize any butcher shop in which
was not displayed the union card, al
though its display was not. made com-,
pulsory.
Action was taken by the wholesalers," a
general intimation being sent forth that
butcher shops displaying the union card
could not obtain meat. Many of the
cards have been removed, but a few shopj
still keep them in public view. Word has
been quietly sent around that if there is
a shop in the city which does not display
the union card to-morrow morning the
men will refuse to work. The stoppage
of labor may 'extend to all other shops
and a meat famine is threatened.
But the wholesale butchers say that
they will not supply meat to shops that
display these cards. The retail butcher
is consequently between two fires. If he
displays the union card, he can get no
meat; if he does not display^it, his men
will not work for him. .
The slaughterers did not strike yester
day in the Butchertown abattoirs, as pre
dicted by one of the delegates at the San
Francisco Labor Council on Friday night.
Everything was harmonious all day yes
terday, the men working the usual num
ber of hours. Upon the action to be
taken to-day will depend the amount of
cattle to be slaughtered to-morrow.
Time— 14, :24; Vz. :49; %, .1:14. Good start.
Won first three' driving. Winner, E. J. Bald
win & Co.'s b. c. by Amigo-Seven Up. Oscar
Tolle ran to his best form. Mamie Hildreth
closed up a world of ground. Matilda O badly
handled. Parsifal ran a fair race. Scratched —
Roundhead, 98.
Betting— Oscar Tolle, 7-2; Mamie Hildreth, 15-
Parsifal, 16: Matilda O, 9-2: Lily Dlggs, 12;
Lief Prince, 7-2: Darlene. 30; Scallywag, 10;
Irate. 15; David S, 10. Cousin Carrie, 9.
25S3. SIXTH RACE— Six furlongs; selling;
three-year-olds; purse, J300.
Index. Horse. Wt. Jockey. St; *£. • % . Kin
2511 Oscr Tolle, 110..AJexandr 3 2 2 1 h In
2561 M. Hlldreth. lC3..Tullett 7 10 n" 6 n' 2 3
2362 Parsifal, 102 ':...::. Prtor 84% 2 h 3<4
<2S69)Matilda O, 103. J: McCrty 1 3 n 4 h 4 1
' 2566 LilyDiggs,. 98. ...-.Butler 5 il h • 5 V* 6 1;
2491 Lief Prince, 103.... Hoar 2 5 H 7 n 6 1
2537 Darlene; 100 Burke 4 11 3 3 h, 7 5
2493 Scallywag. 100.... Treanor 6 6 1 11 8 1
2555 Irate. 105 Collis 9 9 1 9 14 9 %
2511 David S. 108 BozemanlO 7 1 10 6 10 1
2562 Csn Carrie. 105..Websterll 8 1 8 % 11
Index. Horse, Wt. Jockey. St. Vt. Str Fin
(25€l)Sylvn Lass. 5. 103.. Prior 4 2 V& 2 2 In
2558 Horton, 5. 105. J: M'Carty 2 4 3 2 2 3
(2539)Wardman. 3, 95... Butler 1 1 2% 1 % 3 4
(2553)Quibo, 3, 95 Hoar 3 3 3 4 4
Time— 50 yards. :03%; U, :24tA; %, :4g^ : a£,
1:14^; one mile, 1:41V4: one mile and fifty yards,
1:44. Good start. Won first three driving.
Winner. J. Chloupek's b. m. by Surinam-Ban
Lassie. If boy on Horton had gone to whip a
little sooner he would have won sure Sylvan
Lass greatly improved. Wardman stopped to
nothing.
Betting— Sylvan Lass, 15; Horton, 1; Ward
man, 9-5; Quibo, 5.
25S2. FIFTH RACE-One mile and fifty
yards; selling; three-year-olds and up; purse,
53irO. . . ¦
25S1. FOURTH RACE— Six furlongs; selling;
four-year-olds and up; purse. $300.
Index. Horse. Wt, fro-Jcey. St. y,. Str. Fin
(2523)Prestidigltr. 4, 109.. Hoar 3 2 2 12 12
(256S)Odd Eyes. 5. 107.Alexndr 7 4 1 5 H 2 n
2575 Duckoy, 4. 109. ...Russell 1 3 l\k 2 2 3 h
2573 Mission. 4. 109 Collis 5 5 1 4h 4 3
1991 Swt Caporal, 5, 107. Prior 4 3 % 7 5 2
2543 Alas. 4, 107.. J. McCarty 6 7 6 162
2575 Nullah, 4, 107...Bozeman 2 1^3^7
Time— *£. :24^; Vt. :49: %. 1:14%. Good start.
Won easily. Second and third driving. Win
ner, ¦William Cahill's b. g. by Russell-Active
Prestidigitator ran kindly. Odd Eyes . closed
very strong. Duck/Dy stopped some at the fin
ish. Xullah quit very badly. Scratched— The
Miller. 109; Bogus Bill, 109; Glissando, 109.
Betting— Prestidigitator. 9-10; Odd Eyes. 9;
Duckoy. 12; Mission, 5; Sweet Caporal, 7; Alas,
50; Xullah, 9.
25S0. THIRD RACE— Four and a half fur
longs; two-year-olds; purse, $300.
Index. Horse, Wt Jockey. St. %. Str. Kin.
2563 Huachuca, 113. .Alexandr 3 3 % 2 1 1 ns
2556 Shell Mount, 110...Collis 1 1^4 IV, 2 5
2556 Botany. 110 Hoar 2 2 1 3 1 3 2
2544 Hainault. 110.J. MeQarty 4 4 6 4 3 4 2
25C3 You You, 105.. Alexander 5 5 5 5
Time— 1-16, :07; U. :23; %. :47%; 4^f, :54U-
Good start. Won first three driving. Win
ner.- Doble & Co.'s b. c. by Emperor of Nor
folk-La Plata. Huachuca was cut off by Bot
any at the three-furlong' pole. Shell Mount
stood a drive from the head of • the stretch.
Is a game colt. : •
Betting— Huachuca. 7-10; Shell Mount, 4;
Botany. 15; Hainault, 5; You You 15.
Time-^,' :24U; %. M9; %. 1:14. Good start.
W on cleverly. Second and third driving. Win
ner, Burns & Water house's br. m. by imp.
Dark Days-imp. Klorry Myers. Dollle Weit
hoff was lucky to get through, but was the
best horse. Tiburon stopped after showing
speed. Decoy ran a fair race. Scratched—
Devereux 109, Casdale 109. .
Betting— Dollie Weithoff, 7-5;, Decoy. 8;
Tiburon, 4; Beau Monde. 15; Clarando. 30;
Monda. 30; Melkarth, 40; Formatus, 25; Mor
inga. 15; Mike Rice, 30.
«-£\ STO Wt> Jocke y- St ft Sir. Fin.
Ja-fj D. Weithoff. 5. 107.Alxdr 6 8 5 4 1 11
h-» J£? oy ' *• 109 Hoar 4 3 1 2 % 2 m
2^23 Tiburon, 5, 111... Russell 1 2 1\£ 1 1 3h
-o^B. Monde, 6. H2..TulIett 7 lh 3 Vt 4. 1
2o<3 Clarando, 5. 107. McCarty 6 5 % 5 1 6 1
•.mK Monda. 5, 109 Hazard 9 3 1 7 2 6 1
2336 Melkarth, 6, 109....Collis 3 6 1 8 1 7 1
2o43 Formatus, 4, 109..BergenlO 10 6 3 8 2
(2471)Moringa, 6. 109.Bozeman 2 4 1 9 1 9 2
2o64 Mike Rice, a, 109. .Burke 8 7 1 10 10
2579. SECOND RACE— Six furlongs; selling;
four- year-olds and upward; purse, $300.
Index. Horse, Wt, Jockey. St %. Str. Fin.
.... Sir Dougal. 4, 117.. Hoar 1 11 1111
.aoSAbba L, 3. 105 Prior 6 6 1 51 2h
£*2 Bonltary, 3. 105.. Bergen 3 2 hi 2 hk 3 n
2«2 Onyx. 5, 111 Hazard 7 8^4 6.1 4 H
25a9 Rasp 3 '107..J. McCarty 2 5 hi 4 h 5 1
HI ? en - Matts » 5 > l".Burke 5 4 •% 7 2 6 1
j-abS Marineuse, 3. 108.Bzemnl0 71. 82 7 1U
2o42 Lindo, 4, 115....Dingley 4 3 1 3h 8 2
J52i £r the Law. 3, 107.ColUs 8 .9 % 9 1 9 1%
%****• bright, 4, 113.L.ynchll 11 3 10 3 10 3
-146 La Gorta, 3. 106.Alexndr 9 10 1 113 11 3
.... Maratine, 3, 107..Tullettl2 12 12 12
° ood tar *- Won flrst three driving. Wln
¦her P. Ryan's b. g. by Imp. Dandy Dln
w nt "?^en Fisher. Sir. Dougal best of a bad
fo<U Jt a L closed strong. Bonitary ran a
i«iir race.
t^Z m %?~% r Dou^ al . 3: Abba L, 1S-5; Boni
i*. n V T 2( ? : Onyx i 8 = RasP. 10: Senator Matts.
12, Marineuse, 20; Lindo, 16; Limb o' the Law,
20; Honor Bright. 200; La Gorta. 4; Maratlne
OAKLAND EACETEACK - Monday,
June 10.— Weather fine, j Track fast.
2S7S. FIRST RACE— Five furlongs; Belling:
maidens; three-year-olds and upward; purse,
?o00. . -.-.--
Machinists Issue Manifesto
About Meeting -With the
Employers.
Wholesale Butchers Ta
boo. Display of Union
Emblems.
HOURS AND RAY
ARE AGREEABLE
James NeiH Is M
of Baron Gheyrial--- << Th^oddra- Finely Presented at
Grand Opera-House—Alcazar Is Doing a Big Business
"DARCY OF THE GUARDS" HEARTILY
APPROVED BY COLUMBIA AUDIENCE
SAY COGSWELL
WAS A LUNATIC
Dead Capitalist's Heirs
• File Contest to His
vWill.
Tell of His Belief That Spirits
of the Other World
H. D. Cogswell's faith In Spiritualism,
occultism and" seers and his belief that
after he passed this life he would return
"to inhabit one of his statues," which,
unfortunately, have been torn down and
consigned to the dumpa.have led to the
making of a charge that he was insane
for many years prior to hi3 death. This
charge Is made In a contest filed.yester
day to his will by Don Alvaro Skelllnger
and S. Stevens, children of Mary
Ann Cogswell, a deceased sister of the
late- capitalist and philanthropist.
Skellinffer, who Is 63. years of age, i3 a
resident of the Napa Veterans* Home.
Stevens resides in this city. In decedent's
will both were practically disinherited,
and they now. ask that the same be de
clared null and void and that. decedent's
estate be distributed as. though Cogswell
tad died intestate.
. For twenty years prior to his death, the
contestants allege, Cogswell was a
stanch believer in and devotee of Spir
itualism, occultism and Theosophy. and
invariably before any business enterprise
or any of his late philanthropic undertak
ings would consult and be guided by me
diums, slate-writers and so-called readers
of the past, present and future. .
¦ - Continuing, the contestants aver that
Cogswell labored , under the hallucination
that after he died he would "return to
earth and inhabit a monumental statue
of himself erected by himself In this city,
"whereby he would ever then be before
the public as dispensing free water 10
the thirsty."
Cogswell, It Is further alleged, also la
bored under the hallucination that he was
in ¦ constant communication with disem
bodied spirits of the other world. By rea
son of such hallucinations the contestants
contend that the mind of the deceased
became Impaired, bewildered, deranged,
and was made unsound and Incapable of
freely ajad voluntarily executing a. will.
¦In fact, the contestants aver, dA:edent's
last will was not freely or voluntarily
made by the deceased., They claim that
thn same was executed under the undue
Influence of Caroline E. Cogswell, deced
ent's widow, "who called certain Spirit
ualists to her. aid to influence the deceas
ed to sign the will which she had dictat
ed," Mrs. Cogswell, it Is alleged, for
some time prior to Cogswell's death kept
her husband confined in the 1 Marechal
Neil Hotel. in this city and refused to per
mit any of her relatives to visit him.
Gogswell, it is said, oftthnes stole away
from the hotel' and would call upon the
contestants and say to them: "Try and
get along with Aunt Carrie, as I have to
contend -with her twenty-flve hours out
of every twenty-four."
The contest filed yesterday is the sec
ond which has been instituted since de
cedent's will was admitted to probate In
December of last year. The flrst was
compromised.
good, and last night nearly every number
was -well received. Frank Barton is do
ing good work in the matter of reviving
the popularity of ragtime, and the 8am
ayoas do a very clever act.
California.
The "Parisian Romance" at the Califor
nia is making as great a hit as any of the
pieces put on by the Neill company, which
has scored an unbroken series of triumphs
since it opened here for this engagement.
The play. is one of the best, and the fact
that there is a diversity of opinion as to
James NeiH's capabilities in the title role
has awakened an unusual interest in the
production. That Neill is satisfactory to
his audiences was demonstrated last
night by the applause he received. Th©
part of Baron Chevrial Is a difficult one,
requiring all the gen4us of even as capa
ble and. versatile an actor aa Neill. The
desire to see him in- this role is great.
Fischer's Concert House.
., A. musical farcette entitled "A Smooth
Article," by Charles Kavanaugh. a well
known San' Franciscan, received its initial
presentation at Fischer's last night and
scored a great success. It was adequately
performed by Miss Gladys Graham, Miss
• Maybelle Graham, Henry Graville and Ed
Graville, all of whom seemed to- have
hundreds of friends. in the house, judging
from the amount of applause bestowed on
their various songs. At the conclusion of
the farcette the stage -was literally cov
ered with floral pieces. Charity Martin,
the eminent operatic soprano, and Signor
G. S. Wanrell, the renowned basso-can
tante, sang several solos, and finally
brought down the house with the great
duet from "La Torza del Destine" The
one-act operetta, "Frietzchen and Lies
chen." given by Katherine Krieg and Min
nie Huff, Matildita's ballet and new selec
tions by Carroll, the whistler, and Samuel
Holdworth, tenor, concluded an unusually
strong programme ..-which should attract
large audiences the rest of the week.
Chutes.
Martinetti and Sutherland scored a big
hit at the Chutes in their comedy aero-'
batic, singing and dancing act. Josephine
Gassman made her reappearance, as did
also La • Lista Hi her beautiful mirror
dances. " Other good numbers on the bill
are Murphy and- Hart, Irish .comedians;
Clinton Montgomery, In illustrated songs;
Baby Ruth Rolanft, and a series of new
moving pictures?. V *
erly. worked in a bookstore on Market
near Sixth kept by a man named Ross.
When Mr. Ross was telephoned to he said
that Christopher had embezzled J10O from
him and disappeared. . |
HUACHUCA AND SHELL MOUNT HOOK
UP IN HOTTEST RACE OF THE DAY
Demonstration Around Judges'StandbySecond
Choice Players— Favorites 'En joy Inning
; at Oakland— -Sylvan Lass at Long Odds
THE VSASf FRA1STC1SCQ : CALL, TUESDAY, jryKEl 1/190 lV ' ¦ ; . '- : " ¦.¦¦'¦' : -' ' : '-
( , Edward' Daly,' >who, knocked his -brother
William down ; at ; their. . home '.on I Howard
street Saturday night and kicked him oh
the head.1 was/booked , at the | City ; Prison
yesterday oh' a* 1 charge of assault. to mur
der.'. William ; is still at the : City and
' County Hospital, ' "but is not > seriously ; in
jured, although 1 at first it was thought
his skull .was fractured.' • -• - ; ' .-,;
i . ' j -. * ' ' '¦¦¦' ' * " L-i—^&i ¦ - -',-¦".'
¦;: PENNSYLVANIA. SYSTEM - of \Rail
ways. J Office— 30 ; Montgomery street. . • ;
• .':¦'-• i'* «..i i' ' : • "¦¦'¦'; -\ ¦ ¦'-:¦'¦¦ ¦: '.
The members ! of r St. Paul's Parish will
hold their annual picnic to-morrow. Los
Gatos Park has been selectedas the picn'c
grounds,;- \ The jjjj park ',. has been j improved
during the past year, new and ; attractive
features having, been added. ' The commit
tees inicharge of the excursion have done
their work '.well."-. Trains will leave Third
and ; Townsend ; streets at 9:10 a. m.; and
will stop both going and returning at Va
lencia-street station, Ocean View and San
Mateo.-- .¦¦•-¦¦¦..• •¦» ¦-.';: ¦•¦'.. % .' ,.¦¦¦..;. -... '-.->
.".-'.' ;-¦¦*..— — . ? « — — — . -M ..','¦'
s Kicked ¦ His Brother's : Head. >• ¦¦; V
St. Paul's Parish Outing.
Bichard Christopher Hissing*
Eva Meyers of 304 Sutter street reported
to • the Coroner , yesterday ' the disappear
ance of Richard Christopher, who f orm-
Olympia.
The Olympia's new bill is exceptionally
The attraction at the Central Theater
this week is. "Jim the Westerner."" As
would be supposed from the title,- the
drama is of the robust type. There are
brave-hearted men who find hard luck
but face it with fortitude, and also
lovely and high-minded women .who add
to the interest of the story. The stock
company is cast to make the most of the
various interesting situations. '¦
Central.
"Bonnie Prince Charlie" began Its sec
ond week at the Alcazar to a crowded
house last night. Miss Florence Roberts
and White Whlttlesey were enthusias
tically received and everybody was more
than pleased with the play.
"The Countess Valeska," one of Julia
Marlowe's successes, will follow "Bonnie
Prince Charley" next week.
Alcazar.
Grand Opera-House. ,
The stage presence of Mel
bourne MacDowell, his breezy virility, the
grace and beauty of Florence Stone as she
portrays the fleeting lights and shadows
of the .varying moods of the Empress
Theodora, the gorgeous costumes, splen
didly barbaric, and the artistic work of
Frederick Hartley as the cruel coward
Justinian, all unite in making Sardou's
"Theodora", a success on its. first pre
sentation in the English language in this
city. Miss Stone assumes the role nat
urally—at one moment the careless, frivo
lous girl, at another the tender, loving
maiden and again the Empress, proud and
strong in the consciousness of her power.
Curtain calls last night were numerous
and were well -merited.- The company is
well cast, the parts well balanced and the
play a winner.
",/'.? ; .Tivoli. ;.--
The "Toymaker" Is in its fifth week at
the Tivoli and attracting good houses.
Just as soon as the public wearies of this
bright little opera the management will
put on its annual midsummer extrava
ganza, which this year will tell the tale
of "The Babes in the "Woods." On Satur
day there will be another of the popular
"toy matinees." -.- • '
of work all through, as is also Otis Tur
ner's sketch of the colored servant.
Sambo. Miss Elliston is the heroine of a
secondary love affair, Cynthia Dean, the
sweetheart of Pamela's brother, and Is a
pretty and clever figure. Harry S. North
rupp appears for the first time this season
as. Pamela's brother, Captain Henry
Townshend, and makes the most of a not
particularly ."grateful part. The play is
adequately staged and went with' com
mendable smoothness. There -was a very
larze house. - . .* ¦-•¦,.-¦
At a'meetihg of the San Francisco Bar
bers' Union last night the following mem
bers, were placed in nomination: For pres
ident, J. R. Bailey (incumbent), and A'.-E.
\Vray, present vice president; for first
vice president,- J. ; V"V.' v Ducoing and George
Aubertine; financial secretary, I.Lees (In
cumbent) arid H. Holcomb ; recording sec
retary, "W.IB. Currier (incumbent); guide,
Sig. Oppenheim; 'guard, T. H. : Kenney;
delegates to the Labor Council, W. B.
Currier, J. Volsent, J. J. Calish, J. V. Du
coing, George. Aubertine, I. Lees and
George Lane. « S ,
Barbers Nominate Officers.
A- meeting of the ¦ Wholesale Butchers'
Association was held in the offices of Mil
.ler & Lux at 508 California street yester
day afternoon. The - situation was - dis
cussed at length and such steps were de
termined upon as would combat the in
fluence brought to -bear by "the » unions.
The wholesalers held the* meeting at the
solicitation of a number of retail dealers
who ' claim grievances because of the op
position to the strikers. It was the sense
of the meeting that everything possible to
protect these dealers should be. done. *
Others well seen in the play are Fred
Thome as Captain Gregory, surgeon of
the Grenadier Guards, an excellent piece
620 Bush street, last night. A schedule
of wages to be submitted to employers
on July 1 has been adopted, but some of
the more aggressive workers want the
schedule placed in force at once. The
meeting was largely attended and the ex
ecutive committee was instructed to carry
out the details of the demands to be
made upon the employers. - . ¦
: The woodworkers at : the various * iron
foundries, through their several commit
tees, desire it announced that no terms
have as yet been agreed upon and that
they will stay with them until the matter
is settled. . ;.
To see "Darcy of the Guards" played
as it was played last night is to see it
under probably the best possible auspices,
and it may be assumed that the comedy
can fairly be judged by its initial pre
sentment. ~A success it is undoubtedly,
though not to set the Thames on fire from
the standpoint of novelty, and to Henry
Miller, who-as Darcy " has added yet an
other to" his finished portraits of men and
manners, an important percentage of its
triumph is due. A graceful figure as the
Irish major he is, with the right and
happy-go-lucky accent and careless chiv
alry. He has a good scene with Pamela
when he first tells the scornful maid that
he loves her and is turned down with a
truly awful vigor. He makes much of the
opportunity, with a fine and delicate art,
persuading all to pity, and promptly
heaps coals of fire upon her head after
ward by rescuing the lady's brother from
the danger of arrest as a rebel spy. 1 His
delight on learning that it is the brother
he has saved, not her lover, as he had
imagined, is a delicious bit of work. '
Miss Rockwell takes good care of the
part of Pamela and is altogether a charm
ing rebel miss. .. .-.-;:.. _
"Darcy of the Guards" adds yet an
other, to the long list or plays of the revo
lution, its scene laid in Philadelphia dur
ing the occupancy of the British under
Cornwallis.' AH the picturesque in
cidents of -the rebellion are made
much of, . the \ British soidiers * bil
leted ¦ in the rebellious household,
the usual love affair between, the
rebel daughter and her enemy-at-law, the
usual brother in the army of "Washington,
and so on. There Is a strong resemblance
in plot between the comedy and Paul Pot
ter's play, "The Conquerors," but that
the author of "Darcy of the Guards" has
not set himself the over difficult task of
winning sympathy ,for a hero who at
tempts ' the ruin .of the daughter of : the
house before he falls in love .with her.
Darcy is a delightful -hero,. T an Irish ma
jor in the Guards; handsome and", chival
rous, nonchalant, with an '¦ insinuating
tongue and flavorsome brogue, and when
he is "winged" by Miss Pamela the sym
pathy* is all with the servant of King
George. Of course, she maKes up by nurs
ing him back to health/finally rewarding
him with her heart and hand.
the Guards," a four-act comedy
by Louis Evan Shipman for, programme.
.The play- may- be counted in among the
successes, and was received by its first
audience ,with. hearty .approbation and
thorough enjoyment. It is ' clean, Svhole
some, charming, well constructed, bright
in dialogue and clever in ingenious use of
familiar devices. sk
''.¦¦ . ' -- ¦ -, '
THE unwonted honor of a real pre
miere fell to the playgoers of San
Francisco- last night at the Co
lumbia Theater with "Darcy of
THE CALL'S RACING FORM CHART,
4
Soap in stick form; con-
venience, and economy in
shaving.
It is the best and cheap-
est shaving soap in all the
world., .
An sorts of people use Pears* soap, all aorta
of stores sell it. especially druggists.
d visit DR. JORDAN'S great A
\ MUSEUM OF ANATOMY?
M C% 1051 tf A5SIT ST. bit. 6&*7&, S.T.C1I. A
\ "^T Tlle Largest Anatomical Museum in tbe \
0 «?ofe*». Wo » ld - Weaknesses or any contracted d
L SEHT disease p»»itl»ely cured by the oldest f
• |5a Specialist on the Coast Esc 36 years.
1 §&£& 9 OR. JORDAN-CISEASES OF MEN t
\ ¦ wijs'i? Consultation free and strictly priyate. \
9 M ArS£ Troarmcnt personally or by letter. A A
\ S W n Fontn9 CW» in erery case undertaken. \
n r it 11 w nte for Book. ruiLosorny or A
"if 1^ HAKRIACE, MAILED F8E3. IA.W
A H U, . valuable book fox men) \
V JOB. aoB»A3I A C:©..1051 Market St.. S. F. V
C"^fc •^fc> <^
After the F^iro !
PP^TaDD'S GUN STORE
Reopened at . old number, 421 Kearny
street. Goods slightly damaged by water
and fir* to be sold - for thirty daya ' at
Great Reduction. FISHING TACKLE and
SPORTING GOODS of every description.
All new goods at special discount durins
sale. Highest cash, price paid tor raw
Purs. . Send 3 cents for . postals of 100*
page illustrated catalogue. •
: WAKING A HIT
With our laundry economy Is what 'we are
doing with every one that puts us. to the test.
Let us demonstrate to you what we mean by
laundry economy— send your next bundle of
linen to us and we'll return It to you cleansed
and . spotless." Your shirts, collars and cuffcs
will last twice as Ions If laundered here. The
care we take of them will make your bill for
new linen a small Item. Try it. Send us a
card,- or phone, and our wagon- win call
Vi'e smooth saw edges.
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY
¦ Office 1OO4. Market Straai
Telephone— South 4-2O.
Oakland Office— 54- San Pablo Av*.
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
IS A GREAT RESTORATIVE. INVIGORA-
-tor and. Nervine. .
The most wonderful aphrodisiac and Special
Tonic for the Sexual Organs, for both sexes.
- Tha Mexican Remedy for Diseases of the Kid-
ney* and Bladder. Sells on Its own merits.
NABEH. ALFS & BRUNE. Agents.
S23 Market st., S. F.— (Send for Circulars.)
DR. GROSSMAN'S SPECIFIC MIXTURE.
For the cure of ,' GONORRHEA, GLEETS.
STRICTURES and analogous complaint* of tha
Organs of Generation. , ¦ ,
Price Xi a bottle. For sale 'by druggist*.
ADVERTISEMENTS.-
if J JN
Thicks the r-ife, to have the wedding ring
6lip from the finger. "Something: is going
to happen."
Something is happening. That ring
could hardly be pulled from the finger
when it was put there a few years ago.
Now it slips off by its own weight How
thin the fingers have grown ! And the
fingers don't grow thin alone. How thin
the face is and how thin the once plump
form. Almost unconsciously the wife
has been fading and wasting away. The
strengtn given to children has never been
regained. Drains which should have been
stopped hive been neglected.
That is a common experience with
women, unless some friend has shared
with them the secret of the strengthening
end healing power of Dr. Pierce's Favorite
Prescription. It regulates the periods,
dries the drains which undermine the'
strength, heals inflammation and ulcera-
tion, and cures female weakness. It makes
the babj's advent practically painless and
gives vnjor and vitality to nursing mothers.
" Words caunot tell how grateful I am for
your tind advice and good medicines," writes
Mrs. John Cookc. of . Hastings,- Northumberland
Co., Ontario., "I have been in poor health for
four years back and this spring got so bad I
could not do my work. I went to the doctor and
be said I lied ulceration and falling of the
internal organs, but thought I would try. your
' Favorite Prescription.' I took five bottles and
three of the 'Golden Medical Discovery' and
one vial of Dr. Pierce's Pellets, and I can safely
¦ eay that I never felt better in tny life." '
' A Ladies' Laxative — Dr. Pierce's Pleas-
ant Pellets. One single, small pellet is a
larative dose. - • '-',¦¦' -T'A
¦ /¦ I It's a longtime since we. had a suspender i
¦ 1 I special. ; This one* shduld be interesting— I $,% ¦
, ' 1 - ¦ 1 I .especially at the price. \ ¦ • • ... ;. I
3 ffl^H&p Silk suspenders, with elastic ends in back • } *^^^ -j.
m g^gj a"d leather cast off ends in front; neat color- |1583^
¦ B ¦ L ed patterns of: broad and narrow -stripes, iii * I IT Hi
;-*^T^\y ':-.} white"; -purple,* pink and blue; worth 50c* and : J \ "; w |
Sip SScaVpair ff^
xKjft' ¦' : '--* : ' ¦Out-of'townopders filled— writo us: *•> , '•.•>*'¦ • I)
0/ \f\V T*8 Market Street. . % rf:j- W
f< Tyvpyw.TTRTnYr v, frj'rg.Sun rises 4:47
Sun sets ....:.: 7.31
Moon rises 0:49 a. m.
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer Movements.
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given in ' the left
hand column ¦ and the successive tides of the
day in the order of. ' occurrence as to time of
day: the third time column gives the last tide
of the day. except when there are but three
tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights given
are In addition to the soundings on the United
States Coast Survey charts,- except I when a
minus ( — ) sign precedes the -height, and then
the number given Is subtracted from the depth>
given by the charts. The plane of reference is
the mean of the lower low waters.
A double wedding might be properly
called a four-in-hand tie. . ' .
Just why he had his men . arrest Jack
son Captain Seymour refused to. say. It
Is known, however, that Jackson contra
dicted himself .several times when detail
ing his movements on the night of the
tragedy, and thinking that he might know
something about the crime it was decided
to lock him up pending an investigation.
the Page-street Armory, who was locked
up Sunday night on suspicion of knowing
something about the murder of little Rob
bie Hislop, was released from custody
yesterday afternoon by order of Captain
Seymour. .
"Jackson haa convinced me that he is
innocent of any connection with the
crime," said Captain Seymour. "I am
satisfied that he is telling the truth, and
for that reason I concluded 'not to hold
him." - ... . "
Hothing About the Murder
of Hislop. ' .
JACKSOK" is bkleased:
BY SEYMOUR'S OBDEB,
Convinces Police That He Knows
TO SAIL.
Henry Pyerj who' lives on Hyde street
near. Turk, was badly injured yesterday
by., a horse which he was said to be abus
ing. He was. twisting the. bit In the
horse's mouth, when the } animal I reared
and struck him with both front feet.
Pyer was picked. up unconscious and car
ried to his home, where it was found that
seme of his facial bones were badly frac
tured." ; , " '¦ ; :¦:...; ¦'".'¦- ¦>,'-•
Injured by Kick From Horse.'
The ordinance fixing and appropriating
the aggregate sum and the items thereof
allowed to each department of the city
government for the fiscal year 1901-2 and
making a budget of the same was finally,
passed. - : - •¦ -.•.-:: * ¦¦ -
The Board of Works was directed to re
port-what streets and sewers are in need
of reconstruction or repairs. . ; .
An ordinance was passed to print which
exempts certain appropriations - from the
one-twelfth clause in the charter.
The demands of the State Commission
in: Lunacy for the care of criminal insane
committed from this city to the State
hospitals were rejected.
The resolution awarding the contract to
light- the public streets to the San Fran
cisco Gas and Electric Company at 9
cents per gas lamp and 35 cents for each
electric lamp was referred to the Lighting
Committee, to see if the rates are ' the
same as those adopted by the board. The
Independent Electric Light . and Power
Company received the contract to light
certain public buildings at 29 cents per
1000 watt hours, and the Equitable 1 Gas
Company to light with gas certain engine
houses at 98 cents per 1000 cubic, feet. The
award to! the' Independent Electric Light
and' Power Company to light with elec
tricity the outlying districts was recom
mitted to the Artificial Lights Commit
tee to determine if the cost- for arc lights
should be 39 or 39% cents each. . - ,
The bill limiting the height of fire-proof
buildings to 145 feet . on streets 100 feet
wide and over was amended by the re
moval of the height limitation. The limit
on the height of non-nre-proof buildings
remains at 110 leet.
. The French Mututal Benevolent Society,
Lachman & Jccobi, Pioneer "Varnish
Works, M. H.\de Young, J.^C. Kirkpat
rick and several . other, companies were
granted permission to maintain storage
tanks for crude petroleum to be used as
fuel. . . -
Height Limit on Buildings Removed.
The City Street Improvement Company
was granted an extension of ninety days
on its contract, for Improving Trocadero
Gulch. -
The Board of Equalization of Assess
ments was authorized to employ eight
clerks for a period of three weeks.
. The ordinance directing the Mayor to
confer with the Board of Public .Works
and the Park Commissioners for the pur
pose of reporting a- system of parks and
boulevards was finally passed.
I The National Sporting Club was grant
ed a' permit for a .boxing- exhibition in
August. -Reed's resolution ¦ that .the San
Francisco Athletic Club be given a per
mit for September was adopted after a
long discussion over the justice of the ro
tation rule employed in giving the privi
lege to the existing clubs.
A resolution prohibiting all athletic
clubs from holding any boxing exhibition
on 'the Fo"urth of July, "under penalty of
forfeiting their license, was defeated.
The resolution was directly aimed at the
San Francisco Athletic \ Club, which has
an j exhibition scheduled on the date
named. The recommendation of Super
visors Stafford and Tobln ! of the Police
Committee evidently. did not meet with
the approval of the rest of the board.
Reed, the third member of the committee,
did not join in the recommendation, and
Brandenstein ¦ thought that if fights were
prohibited on one day. they should be dis
continued on all others. The disinclina
tion of the. board to ratify the majority
report of the ¦ committee was fortified
through . the members realizing that per
mits were had for the asking by Eastern
ers who invade this coast and depart with
large sums of money. | Reed said it • was
an injustice to harass a local club that
had made all arrangements for the exhi
bition at a large 'expense: His colleagues
thought the same way • and voted down
the resolution, which was regarded as
contemplating an unjust discrimination.
The demands,, eleven in number, aggre
gating $290, for services rendered as Grand
Jurors were rejected, there being no pro
vision in the law for the payment of the
claims.., ... ,' V"...
May Fight on Fourth of July.
The City Attorney. was requested for an
opinion as to the constitutionality of the
act providing for the payment of fees to
jurors in 'criminal, cases. •
.The Board of Works was requested to
investigate whether the street railway
companies. are complying. with the State
law governing the use of brakes ' and
fenders and to report its findings .to the
Supervisors.
The same board wa's authorized . to ad
vertise for : bids to repair bituminous
pavements. . ' ' -j i
.The resolution providing for the accept
ance by the city of the option of the Peo
ple's Mutual Telephone- Company was in
definitely postponed. This action is the
result of the City Attorney's opinion that
the option woald not be worth anything
as the basis of an enforceable right.
The ordinance:' repealing order 2866, re
quiring street . railway companies to - pro
vide guards for cars and dummies for. the
purpose I of preventing j accidents . and
loss of ' life;'/ also ¦repealing order 60,
prescribing the character of life guards
or t enders to be attached to ' street * rail
road ! cars, was passed to . print ' by the
Board of Supervisors j yesterday. The re
peal of, the ordinances will allow the State
law to govern in the matter, and the
street, railway companies will .thus • be
compelled to prove in damage suits that
their- fenders are effective. . ' "
on People's Mutual
Telephone Company
Rejected.
ject to the State
\ - Law.
Streetcar Lines Are Sub-
MUST PROVIDE
SAFE FENDERS
FROM SEATTLE.
following Californlans V arrived ; here ) to
dayand registered 'as; follows :*V C '-
V At '.the St. Jame&f-LT;; Lulenhauer, San
Francisco. At the Rlgg&i-Johri'; B.\ Eld
ridge, San .Francisco. !,?. At^the V Ebbitt— O."
P. Phillips, , Los Angeles'. 7 At . the Willard—
' J/Vw.' * Northup; * San"? Francisco.'," "At .' the
Raleigh— J. W. • Erwin, : San Francisco. At
the Normandle— F. B. Schutz,' San' Diego;
R. 'i W'.Y : Lewis, • D.' Carlton; ' Irving , R*.
Smith^Los Angeles. ¦'::¦ "-¦'¦. ..-'v :.'/¦' ¦•>...¦.; ;'.;>$'
CALIFORNIA'S IN WASHINGTON
WASHINGTON, » D/ C^ ; June 10>-The
••¦ Los Angeles— Miss - Mickeerman, ''- at . the
Imperial ; : J» L. ; Beveridge, at the. Savoy;
C. W.- Pendleton, at the Union Square.
' 'NEW YORK, June 10.— San^Franclsco—
E. L. Allen, at the St. Denis; Mrs. E. L.
Atkinson, at the Vendome; ;T. Doran,;at
the. Morton ; J. B. Dyer , ' Mrs. ; Friedman,
at the" Park , Avenue; M/J.' Kaufman; at
the Imperial; Mrs. S. Knight, at the Hol
land ;*C. P. Mulllhs,, at the. Imperial; j S..
C. Pratt, at the . Normandle; J. . C. Pratt
and wife,; at ,the^Marlborough;R. Robb,'
at the.Rossmore; M.; Sommer, at, the Im
perial ; .¦ Miss D. I Valdes J at . the LVendome ;
A: Weiss/and , wife, ,'at^the Union Square;
Mrs. Holbrook*,; at 'the f St. ir Denis; J. ,B.
Marshall, . at. the .Morton: ,Mrs.-^L. New
roth,'at tho ; St. Denis;: L., A. Phillips, at
the Imperial; C.H." Sherman, at" the Her
ald 1 Square.. '¦'^¦\:~- i' ¦.',:'; 1C v'.-i"",*. :'<l i . ;;¦
dALIFOBNIANS IN NEW - YOBK.
EVENTS IN SOCIETY
An enjoyable surprise party was given
to Bert D. Balart at his residence. 1432
Folsom street, on Sunday evening, the
2d instant. During the evening the fol
lowing programme was rendered:
Violin and mandolin duet, Bert ' Balart and
Harry Heeder; vocal solos. Miss Goldie Zuck
er, mandolin solos. Miss Florence Douglas;
comic recitations. Miss Lottie A. Dwyer, vocal
solos, Louis de Mars; violin duet, Mrs. Gene
vieve Newmark and Bert D. Balart; vocal
f=olo. Miss Lizzie Remy; Spanish duet, Mrs.
Balart and Mrs. Kewmark; trio In French,
M. Newmark. L. de Mars and Mrs. Newmark;
vocal solo, Edward Mclntire.
Those present were: Bert D. Balart,
Mrs. Balart, Mr. and Mrs. M. Newmark.
Kdward Newmark, the Misses Leonie and
Lizzie Remy, Florence Douglas, Goldie
Zucker. Lottie A. Dwyer, Clara Cremer
ding, Harry Heeder, Louis de Mars,
Harry Strobein, Leon Shaw, Ike Hassen,
Kishel Zucker and Alexander Quevillon.
On Saturday evening last a reception
was given at the residence of Mr. and
Mrs. A. D. Splivalo, on Washington
street, in honor of the birthday of E. R.
Splivalo and the departure for Mexico of
C. L. Ricketson. The evening was de
voted to singing and dancing and at mid
night a delicious supper was served.
Among those present were: ; '
Mr. atd Mrs. A, D. Splivalo, Mrs. M. Stew
art, Mrs. L. Bodwell, Mrs. F. Portner, Mrs.
M. Roberson, Miss Estclle Splivalo, Miss Julia
Hake. Miss Kate Splivalo, Miss Anita Gray,
Miss Louise Kidwell. Miss Clarisse Lewis,
Mtes Irene Splivalo, Miss Grace Coachee. Miss
Myrtle Powers, Miss Vivian Earl, Miss Hor
i^r.se Duval, Miss Consulo Randolph, General
H. C. Keg. J. JT. Ross, \V. Kincaid. L. Jones.
C# L. Ricketson, P. C. Potter J. Fraizer G
Copplitz. A. X. Floyd, L. B. Wood. R. Esca
miUa. P. BrWges. J. Brocker, A, F. Williams,
A. D. Splivalo Jr., G. Dykeman, E. R. Spliv
alo, E. Richet, R. E. Donde. W. A»- Bally,
T. Fotardo. J. Escabosa, G. F. Williams and
Masters O. and H. Splivalo.
llr. and Mrs, M. W. Swaney were the
recipients of a delightful surprise party
on Saturday night, June 1, at their resi
dence, 1514 Howard street. Among the
guests were:
Mr. and Mrs. Hurley, Mrs. McMahon. Kath-
J»-en McMahon, Kittie, Marie and Frances
Esan, Josie Dillon, Joe E?an. Emily Doyle,
I.izzi* Egan. M. E. McDonough, M. J. Slavin.
Madgie Vaughn, Margie Culllnan. Madgie
Fchicls. Mae Grraehty, Madge Geraghty, Bee
Flsan, Minnie Dempsey, May O'Shea, Lizzie
Shorten and Maggie Moran.
A pleasant birthday party was given to
Major R. M. Pen at his residence. 156
Silver street in honor of his seventv
fifth birthday. About 8 o'clock the guests
began to arrive, and dancing and other
grames were indulged in until 12 o'clock,
when refreshments were served. Among
the guests were the following named:
'Mr. and Mrs. II. Pen, Mrs. Gllligan Mr'
and Mrs. J. Doherty. Mr. Walter Doherty,
Miss M«y Doherty, Mr. and Mrs. W. Huges,
Miss Jenny Huges; Miss Annie Huges, Mrs.
D. Bemmlnger, Mrs. D. Southland, Miss Bar
bara Southland, Mrs. Xorton. MIes Gertie
Norton. Mr. T. Dever. Mr. James McGee. Mr.
"R. O'Connor, Mr. Robert Wilson, Mr. William
Brikley. Mr. Johrf*White, Mr. John Nelson,
and Mr. J. Doherty. . ;\ >
MIes Adele Samson has Just returned
from Sacramento, where she spent a
month with friends. She will leave short
ly with her mother for Skylands for a
stay of several weeks.
Miss Sara *Marks has returned from her
pleasure trip to Merced and will be at
her -home, 1607 Laguna street, on Wednes
day evening. She will go to her summer
home in Healdsburg after the Fourth of
Dr. and Mrs. W. P. Lovegrove , are at
Bartlett Springs and will remain there
Mr. and Mrs. Morris Lando and sons
have gone to Alameda for the summer
months.
Yosemite Valley via Santa 'JTe.
The Santa Fe Is now carrying passen
gers via new stage line from Merced.
Starting Mondays and Thursdays, 9 a, m..
on California limited, other days 7:20
a. m. train, and you are at the Sentinel Ho
tp'. next afternoon, passing Merced Big
Trees. Buena Vista, the Cascades and
Bridal Veil Falls en route.
Ask about it at 641 Market street, v *,
In the Divorce Court.
Decrees of divorce were granted, yester
day to William Rayhill from Margaret
Hay hill for desertion, and Catherine J.
Jensen from Hjalmar Jensen for" willful
neglect. Suits for divorce were filed yes
terday by Annie M. Kerrison against Rob
ert J. Kerrison for desertion and John D.
Campbell against Harriet L. Campbell for
desertion.
In a communication to the Lancet, Dr.
Edridge Green remarks that,' incredible
as it may Beem, shipowners are able to,
¦and really do, employ colorblind officers
•who have been rejected by the Board of
Trade and who may have been discharged
by other companies.
The steamer City of Sydney, .which sailed for
Panama and way ports carried a general cargo
valued' at $98,204, , manifested and "destined' as
follow*: For Mexico, $18,726; Central America,'
Cargo on the Panama Steamer.
The Beaumanolr will load wheat for Europe,
37s 6d, prior to' arrival; the . Henry; Wilson,
lumber (at Gray's Harbor), for Honolulu; th&
NewEboy. lumber (on Puget Sound), for Syd
ney, 52b 6d; Melbourne or Adelaide, ¦ 60s, prior
to arrival; the Strathgyle,-. lumber (at Port
land), for Manila, terms private.: ..¦•,•
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
Shipping: Merchants.
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
Mike Corrigan, a stevedore, fell down
the hold of the steamship Gaelic and re
ceived injuries from which he will pfob
ably die. Several of his ribs are broken,"
his left shoulder was dislocated and left
arm broken, and he is Internally hurt.
John Ulrlch, a 7-year-old boy, fell out
of a wagon on the front yesterday, and
at first if was feared he had fractured his
skull. Dr. Bunnell found there was no
depression, however, and sent' the boy to
his home, €5 South Park. .
The ferry steamer Sausalito goes on
Hunters Point drydock and the Crescent
City on the Spear-street dock to-day. The
Sausalito is to be overhauled and the
Crescent City is, to have her wheel re
paired. • ¦
The bark Mohican sailed for Honolulu
Sunday. Among the passengers was Da
vid R. Jones, son of Captain Jones of the
ferry steamer Berkeley. The youns
man is going to spend his vacation in the
islands. . .
Water Front Notes.
The schooner Helene is almost ready to
sail again . for .- Honolulu. She has now
been a year in commission, and Captain
Chrlstensen Is more than pleased with
her. She is not the fastest of the sugar
fleet, but she can always be depended
upon, and there is not a more handsomely
fitted out vessel in the fleet.
"While one of the Petersons' j launches
was coming over fronj Oakland yesterday
morning a deserted skiff was run across
near Goat Island. It looks as though
some one had been but fishing Sunday
and that the boat got away from them.
The rowlocks were in their places and the
oars were on the seats. Two nshing lines
were forward and a quantity .of bait was
in the bottom of the boat. - A piece of
anchor chain hung from the ~ bow, and
Captain Wilson thinks the little craft
broke adrift I while the occupants were
ashore. The 'skiff is now at the foot of
Folsom street. . • , '
Deserted Skiff Picked Up.
Captain Lewis of the ship Liverpool's
having considerable trouble manning hid
vessel. He does not want to pay, more
than $20 a month and the men want }25.
Four sailors were secured at the lower
rate, but when the mate ordered them
aloft to bend sails they one and all con
fessed that they had never been to sea
before. Captain Lewis is now offering §25
a month, but the boarding masters have
again raised the rate and want a bonus
with each A. B. put aboard. The Liver
pool has aboard one of the largest and
most valuable cargoes of grain ever
shipped from this port.
Cannot Secure a Crew.
The Pacific Mail Company's steamship
City of Para and the Oceanic Steamship
Company's Ventura were both expected
yesterday, but the northwest storm th:it
is blowing outside is probably responsi
ble for their delay. Neither vessel will go
out on schedule time. The Acapulco goes
on the Union Iron Works drydock to-day
to be got ready to go out in the Para's
place, while the Sonoma will take the
Ventura's place on the 20th inst. The So
noma will be in good shape for the run to
Australia and will average fifteen knots
over the entire distance. Both the Ven
tura and the Para will be overhauled be
fore going out again. . ,
Were Expected Yesterday.
Steamships City of Para and Ventura
The Thirty-eighth Infantry is badly
split up, and some of the boys will not
get home before the end of the month.
Part of the regiment is on the Thomas,
and parts on the Thyra, Logan and Kil
patrick. Those on the Thomas may be ex
pected next week, but some of the oth
ers have only just left ManittL Followicg
the Buford and Thomas, the Logan and
Grant should be the next two transports
to get in, arriving about June 24.
DEX/AYED BY NOB.THWESTEB.
The next transport to arlve will be the
Buford. She has aboard the Forty-first
Infantry, and should reach here about
next Thursday.' '
The teachers that, are going to Manila
on the Hancock will be quartered in tne
hospitals. All the other accommodation
has been taken up.
THE transport Hancock docked
yesterday. A gang at once went
to work on her and she will be
got ready to go out again on the
. 25th inst. Some of the school
teachers will go out on her, but the great
majority of them will have to wait for tne
Thomas. -The latter vessel left Nagasaki
on the 4th Inst. and should get here about
the 21st inst. She has on board the For
ty-seventh and part of the Thirty-eighth
and Forty-ninth Infantry. As soon as
these men are landed the Thomas will be
overhauled and accommodations for 250
teachers put in. This will take some time,'
but it is expected that by working clay
and night the transport can be got away
by the first week in July. This will take
the teachers to the Philippines in time for
the opening of the schools after the holi
days.
United States Coast and * Geodetic ' Survey
.Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at .Fort Point, entrance , to ' San
.Francisco, Bay. , Published,. by .official-au
-.•-fthority of^the Superlnienaent. '? -\ -" • v
, NOTE- Th« hlsrh . and low waters ' occur at
Arrived June 10— Stmr I Prinz Wilhelm j V,
from Paramaribo, etc, and Port au Prince. <
LONDON— Arrived June 10— Stmr Mlnnehaha,
from New York. •. y ¦ .:
GKEENOCK— Arrived June. 9— Stmr 'City of
Rome, from New York. ' • , - ¦. r ¦¦¦ ¦
: ANTWERP— Arrived June 10— Stmr Kensing
ton, from New York.. .. , . . < .
GIBRALTAR— Arrived June 10-^Stmr ' Aller
from Now. York, for Naples and Genoa.,- ¦ : 1
Sailed June 10— Stmr Werra, from Genoa, for
New Ycrk. - • •*• »--.-- : '.. ,• •¦..-,.-
NAPLES— Sailed June 7— Stmr Belgravia, for
New York. . . '. • • . ¦ »
¦ '... ,s 5 v;. ? ¦«. ' . , p . - ¦'
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrographic Office. TJ.' S.' N.; ' Mer
chants' Exchange, San -Francisco • CaL.
; v June 10, 190L . -. \ . ; ¦..'-•
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day—
l.» e.. at noon of the 120th -meridian, - or at '8
o'clock p. m.,- Greenwich time.: ¦-"- . '¦ • ¦¦"•- -
. ¦ J. C. BURNETT,
/Lieutenant. U. S. N:, retired, in charge.,
Sun, Moon and 'Tide:
NEW YORK— Arrived June 10— Stmr South
wark, ¦' from Antwerp; stmr Grosser Kurfurst,
OCEAN STEAMERS.
PANAMA— Sailed June- 8— Stmr Argyll," for
San Francisco. ., j
HAMBURG— Arrived June- 9— Ger stmr-Tot
mes, hence March 2. " . , • , ¦.. - s h '.
LIMERICK— Arrived June 10— Br ship Arden
cralsr, from Oregon. .
DOVKR— Pabsed June 9— Br ship Luclpara,
from Queenstown, for . ¦ \
FALMOUTH— Sailed June 9— Br ship Car
manian, for Tyne Dock.'. ". - .
YOKOHAMA— Sailed June 10— ShlD St Fran
cis, for Port Townsend. . ¦
NANAIMO— Arrived June 9— Stmr. San Ma
ted, 1 from Port Los Angeles. ¦•
YOKOHAMA— Sailed June 6— Stmr China, for
San Francisco. • .• . ..• ¦ • i
QUEENSTOWN — Sailed June 7— Br ship
County of Roxbury, for, Antwerp; Br ship
Westrate, for Hamburg. ¦ ;. 1 ...
YOKOHAMA— Arrived June 8— Br stmr Cop
tic, hence May 21. ; .¦ • .
ACAPULCO— Sailed > June 7— Stmr San Bias,
FOREIGN . PORTS.
BALTIMORE— Sailed - June 9— Stmr Meteor,
for San Francisco. ¦' - ¦-..'¦
EASTERN PORT.
SEATTLE— Sailed June &— Stmr Cottage City,
for Skagr'y; Br stmr Ping Suey; for London.
Arrive :i June 10— Stmr Victorian, from Skag
uay. •
UMPQUA- Arrived June 5— Schr Lily, hence
May 21. ..
T A COMA. — Arrived June 9— Schr Marlon,
hence May 19; bark Gatherer, hence May 29.
Sailed June 8— Stmr" Elihu Thomson, for
Nome; Br etmr Condor, for San - Francisco.
June 9 — Stmr Progreso, for San Francisco. . .
ASTORIA— Arrived June a— Schr Volunteer,
hence May 22.
PORT LOS ANGELES— Arrived June 10—
Stmr Navarro, from Bowens Landing. -
SAN DIEGO— Sailed June . 10— Stmr Navarro,
from Bowens Landing. • ,
SAN DIEGO— Sailed .. June 10-Schr Bertha
Dolbeer, for Eureka.
- COOS BAY— Arrived June 6— Schr James A
Garfield, from San Pedro. |
• GRAYS -HARBOR— Arrived ' June . 10— Schr
Jennie Thelin, hence May 30. . * - . .
. PORT TOWNSEND— Passed in June IO7-
Stmr Victorian, f rom . Skaguay, for Seattle. '
Arrived June 10 — Stmr Lakme, from- Bristol
Bay: bark J D Peters, from Chlgnlk Bay. ¦ ¦¦ ¦ :
Passed out June ! 10— Br stmr Ping I Suey,
from Seattle, for London.- , f ¦,.,'..
EUREKA — Arrived June 9 — Schr .Mary
Buhne, hence May 28. .
Sailed June 9 — Stmr .Coquille River, for San
Francisco; schr ;Metha Nelson, for Kahului.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
POINT LOGOS, June 10, 10 p-m— Weather
hazy; wind N\V, velocity 36 miles per hour.
TELEGRAPHIC.
Monday, June 10.
Stmr City of Puebla, Jepsen, Victoria,
Stmr Arcata. Nelson, Coos Bay.
Stmr Eureka, Jessen, Eureka. . . • ¦
Br ship Eurasia, Hughes, Queenstown.
SAILED.
Stmr Pomona, Shea, 17 hours from Eureka.
Stmr Geo Loomis, Brldgett, 42 hours from
Ventura.
Stmr Celia; Higglns, 20 hours from Usal.
Schr Mary C. Campbell, 8 hours from Bo
dega.
' Schr "Win Olsen, Ulrlch, '8 days from Port
Gamble. ,.
Schr Eliza Miller, Brummer, 62 hours from
Coos Bay.
CLEARED.' .
Monday, June 10.
Stmr City of Puebla. Jepsen,' Victoria and
Port Townsend; Goodall, Perkins & Co. •
Schr Helen, Lockhart, St Michael; J A Lock
hart. •
Stmr Gipsy, Leland, 36 hours from Monterey.
Monday, June 10.
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
$75,236; Panama, $4512. The principal exports
were as follows: • " •
For Mexico— 100 bales hay, 261 pkgs tank ma
terial, 56 cs 120 gals wine, 145 .tons coal, 28 cs
dry goods; 10 cs electrical supplies, 14,021 ft
lumber. So bbls fire clay, 367 pkgs hardware,' IS
bdls iron, 132 pkgs machinery, . 125 kegs nails,
20 bale3 oakum, 10 cs oils, 125 tubes.
For Central America— 14 bdls axles, 87 cs bot
tled beer, 4S05 lbs beans, . 30 bbls cement, 6390
gals coal oil, 6 bales carpets, ' 24 cs canned
goods, SO bales cotton domestics, 106 pkgs dr^
goods, 4352 bbls flour, 240 pkgs groceries and
provislons, 447 cs hardware, 4H. lbs hops, 76
bdls Iron, 30 bales hay. 24 kegs lead, 880 lbs
lard, 2466 ft lumber, 110 pkgs machinery, ¦ 226
Kegs nails, 140 bales oakum, • 2S cs/ oil, 42 cr
onions, 29,470 ft lumber, 285 bdls paper, 60
kegs powder, 101 crs potatoos, 22 pkgs paints,
28 pkgs paste, 100 flasks quicksilver, 37,648 lbs
rice, 5445 lbs rosin, 6444 railroad ties, 1067 rails,
16 cs stationery, 15 kegs staples, 12 bdls spices,
43,304 lbs tallow, 20 cs table oil, 43 cs 1374 gals
wine, 11 bbls whisky, 135 reels wire.
For Panama — 10 cs canned goods, 5000 ft lum
ber, 1000 cs soap, 210 gals wine, 6783 lbs 'sugar,
700 bbls flour, 200 cs paste, 2800 lbs beans, 30
bales hay, 6 crs stoves, 14 pkgs tank material.
Merchandise for British Columbia.
The steamer City of Puebla sailed . yesterday
for Victoria with a cargo for British Columbia
valued at $14,770,' including the following mer
chandise: -
9 cs assaying goods,' 4321 lbs butter, 4040 lbs
bluestone, 400 lbs codfish, 100 cs canned goods,
307 lbs cheese, 20 sks cocoanuts, S600 lbs dried
fruit, 1S51 pkgs fruit and vegetables, 213 pkgs
groceries and " provisions, 107 cs hardware, 2S
cs honey; 2136 pigs lead, 1413 ft lumber, lies
metal polish, 54,830 lbs malt, 10 tins matches,
38 crs onions, 42 pkgs paste, 140 crs potatoes, 65
pkgs raisins,' 25 cs table meal, 37 cs 337 gals
wine. ... ' ; .
THE FOUR-MASTED SCHOONER HELENE, NOW ALMOST READY TO SAIL FOR HONOLULU. SHE IS ONE OF
THE HANDSOMEST VESSELS OF HER CLASS IN THE BAY AND CAPTAIN CHRISTENSEN IS DESERV
EDLY PROUD OF HIS NEW CRAFT. L •
Room for About a Score Will Be Provided on the Hancocl
and the Former on Her Arrival, About June 21, Is t
Have Accommodations for About 250 Instructors Put Ii
Th« greneral committee appointed re
cently by representatives of the commer
cial bodies of San Francisco and vicinity
met at the Chamber of Commerce yester
day and considered plans for entertaining j
the members of the Rivers and Harbors i
Committee of the House of Representa- !
lives who are expected to arrive in this
city on. June 13. The following: were pres
ent:
G. A. Newhall. chairman, and W. M. Bunker
of the Chamber of Commerce, T. J. Parsons of 1
the Board of Trade, A. Sbarboro of the Manu- I
faeturers' and Producers' Association, General j
X. P. Chipman of the State Board of Trade,
James Taylor of the Chamber of Commerce of
Oakland. G. W. Arper of the Oakland Board of
Trade, Major P. J. Harney. C. D. Loveland,
W. E. Mighell, G. E. Plummer, F. L. Coombs,
G. D. Clark, Lieutenant Colonel \V. H. Heuer.
W. M. Abbott of the Union League Club. M. j
I>odge, representing Congressman E. F. Loud,
and J. J. Luchsinger of the Chamber of Com- !
merce of Vallejo.
The members of the committee were
asked to offer suggestions as to the ar- •
rangement of a programme. F. L.
Coombs presented a statement of the J
needs of Petaluma and Napa creeks and I
asked that a visit to them by the visit- i
ing committee be arranged. ;
ticceral Chipman epoke of the advant
ages which would accrue to this section
.of the country, if proper steps were taken
to insure safe navigation of the upper ,
Sacramento River and suggested that the I
matter should be brought prominently be- I
fore the visitors.
J. J. Luchsingrer called attention to the
need of dredging at Pinole Point, and also
to Commission Rock, which is a menace
to shipping- in the Mare Island straits.
Captain Hatch of the steamer General
Frisbie offered the use of his vessel to
take the party to Vailejo in case such a
trip could be arranged.
President G. D. Clark of the Union
League Club said that the club would be
pleated to tender a reception to the visi
tors if the time could be spared. The plan
met with general favor and was referred,
together with the other suggestion's, to
the sub-committee appointed by Chair
man Newhall, which is made up as fol
lows:
W. II. Bunker. F. TV". Dohrmann. A. Sbar
boro, T. J. Parsons.' N. -P. Chipman, G E.
Plummer end J. J. Luchsineer. j
.This committee will have entire charge
of the arrangements 'and a definite pro
gramme will be prepared and presented
to the Congressional committee at an
early date. 5
The party wilt arrive at Santa Cruz on
June 16. and will leave for San Jose on the
following day. Two nights and a day will
be spent at San Jose and on June 19
the visitors will come to San Francisco,
stopping at Palo Alto and Redwood on the
way. They will remain here until the fol
lowing Sunday.
The visit of the committee is deemed of
the utmost importance to this section and
no efforts will be spared to secure the
approval of the visitors in regard to pro«
jected improvements for the harbor and
adjacent rivers. The visit is opportune
and much good Is expected to result
from it.
Extensive Entertainment
For Visitors Is
Arranged.
Aid Expected From Visit of
Rivers and Harbors
Committee.
COMMERCIAL MEN
PLAN RECEPTION
TRANSPORT THOMAS WILL BE FITTED
OUT TO CARRY TEACHERS TO MANILA
THE SAN '';•¦; FR A NCISCO '4 ¦= C ALL, }' T U KSJJA' Y , ; : \«J ; y JN 'is V'-i i; i»piV
5
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-flve minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide Is the same at both places.
TUESDAY, JUNE 11.
Time I Time Time Time
Date -I Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
IL Wl H W L. W H W
10 .. 5:43 4.0 11:26 1.4 6:14 6.6
11 .. 0:44 1.1 7:01 4.1 12:19 1.8 7:00 5.9
12 ...| 1:44 0.4 8:24 .4.1 1:14 .2.1 7:46 «.2
13.. 2:40—0.2 9:30 .4.3 * 2:0S ' 2.4 ,8:30 6.4
14 ... 3:33—0.8 10:34 4.4 3:00 2.6 9:18 6.6
15. .. 4:20—1.1 11:29 4.8 3:50 2.8 10:06 6.7
16;.. ,5:10— 1.4 12:19 4.8 "4:42 2.8 10:55 6.G
17 ... 5:58—1.3 1:09 .4.9 5:37 3.0 11:45| 6.4
Steamer.
Prom.
Due.
City of Para....
W, H Kruger.
Ventura./:....".
North Fork....-
Walla Walla.. <
Newburg
Rival
Czarina....;..;.
Acme.....
Colombia.
Tellus....:
Alliance
Condor
Noyo.
Progreso ;.
Santa Barbara
Eureka
Rainier
Point Arena....
Corona
Santa Rwa
H'kong Maru..
G. W. Elder...
Pomona.........
Arcata
Mattewan.
Umatilla
Wyefleld
Queen
Crescent City..
Argyll...
Nanaimo . .;. . . .". . ....'. . . I June l:
San Pedro ....'..........jjune 1]
Sydney & "Way Ports.. [June 1:
Humboldt June 1:
Puget Sound Ports..... June 1
Grays Harbor June!
Willapa Harbor ....... Junel
Seattle 'and Tacoma.... Junel
Siuslaw River June 1
Oyster Harbor ..... | June 11
Oyster Harbor June l:
Portland and Coos Bay June l:
Tacoma Junel:
Humooldt Junel
Tacoma Junel
Ban Pedro ..Junel
Humboldt .;; June 1
Seattle & New Whatcm June 1
Point Arena; Junel
Newport Junel
San Diego June 1
China and Japan....... Junel
Portland and Astoria.. June 1
Humboldt ..."...:. June 1
Cooa Hay Junel
Tacoma •. : /. June 1
Puget Sound Ports Junel
Comox June 1
San Diego June Ji
Cre3cent City...: Junel'
New York via Panama. June 1
Steamer.
Destination.
Sails.
Pier.
Robt. Dollar..
Brunswick...
W. Kruger...
Pomona
Bonlta........
'¦-¦¦¦ . ¦
Santa Barb...
Empire .•.
Queen
Columbia. ..'..!
Acme.l
San Pedro....
Alliance
North Fork.;.
Gaelic .....
Newburg...; .
Rival :..
" Jnne it. .
Seattle & Hadlock.
Nome & Teller
Tlllamook Bay ...j
Humboldt
San Pedro .'..
' Jane 12.
Humboldt :}..'.
Coos Bay
San '" Diego !
Astoria &• Portland
Jane 13.
Siuslaw River......
Humboldt :
Portl'd & Coos Bay
, Jane 14. -
Humboldt '..
China & Japan
Grays Harbor ....
Willapa Harbor....
1 Jane 15. ~ ¦
Puget Sound Ports
Humboldt .7'..
Newport *.. ...:.
Point • Arena.:......
Humboldt ."....¦..
Jane 16. . ; .
San Diego
Jnne 17. . i
Astoria & Portland
Seattle & N. What
Valp'so & Way Pts
Coos Bay ...........]
5 pm
5 pm
5 pm
1:30 p
9 ami
I 2 pm
12 - m
9 am
II am
11 am
10 am
5 pm
9 am
1 pm
5 pm
12 m
Pier
Pier 1
Pier 1
Pier
Pier 1
Pier
Pier li
Pier 1
Pier 2
Pier l:
Pier i:
Pier 1-
Pier
PMSS
Pier
5th st
¦Walla "Walla.
Noyo..
Corona...
Point Arena:.
Eureka V".
- • • I
11 am
5 pm
9 am
2 pm
12, »
i
Pier •
Pier'
Pier 1
Pier >
Pier 1
Santa Rosa..
9 am
Pier 1
G. W. Klder.
Rainier.......
Colombia...;.
Area ta... ;'....
11 am
12 g m
4 pm
Pier 2
Pier 3
Pier 1
Steamer.
Destination.
Sails.
Chas. D. Lane.
Victorian./.....
Alki.. ..........
Chas. Nelson...
Jeanle... ...... ..
Nome City
Dolphin..'...'."...
Dlrlgo.. ...... W.
City of Seattle.
City of Topeka.
Nome direct .\.;.v...... June 12
Skaguay & Way Ports, June 12
Skaguay & Way Ports. June 14
Skaguay & Way Ports. June 15
Nome direct" June 15
Nome, Teller & Topkuk June 15
Skaguay & Way Ports. June 16
Skaguay & Way Ports. June 18
Skaguay & Way. Ports. June 18
Skaguay & Way Ports. June la
Steamer.
Prom.
Due.
City of Para....
W, H Kruger.
Ventura./:....".
North Fork....-
Walla Walla.. <
Newburg
Rival
Czarina....;..;.
Acme.....
Colombia.
Tellus....:
Alliance
Condor
Noyo.
Progreso ;.
Santa Barbara
Eureka
Rainier
Point Arena....
Corona
Santa Rwa
H'kong Maru..
G. W. Elder...
Pomona.........
Arcata
Mattewan.
Umatilla
Wyefleld
Queen
Crescent City..
Argyll...
Nanaimo . .;. . . .". . ....'. . . I June l:
San Pedro ....'..........jjune 1]
Sydney & "Way Ports.. [June 1:
Humboldt June 1:
Puget Sound Ports..... June 1
Grays Harbor June!
Willapa Harbor ....... Junel
Seattle 'and Tacoma.... Junel
Siuslaw River June 1
Oyster Harbor ..... | June 11
Oyster Harbor June l:
Portland and Coos Bay June l:
Tacoma Junel:
Humooldt Junel
Tacoma Junel
Ban Pedro ..Junel
Humboldt .;; June 1
Seattle & New Whatcm June 1
Point Arena; Junel
Newport Junel
San Diego June 1
China and Japan....... Junel
Portland and Astoria.. June 1
Humboldt ..."...:. June 1
Cooa Hay Junel
Tacoma •. : /. June 1
Puget Sound Ports Junel
Comox June 1
San Diego June Ji
Cre3cent City...: Junel'
New York via Panama. June 1
Time I Time Time Time
Date -I Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
IL Wl H W L. W H W
10 .. 5:43 4.0 11:26 1.4 6:14 6.6
11 .. 0:44 1.1 7:01 4.1 12:19 1.8 7:00 5.9
12 ...| 1:44 0.4 8:24 .4.1 1:14 .2.1 7:46 «.2
13.. 2:40—0.2 9:30 .4.3 * 2:0S ' 2.4 ,8:30 6.4
14 ... 3:33—0.8 10:34 4.4 3:00 2.6 9:18 6.6
15. .. 4:20—1.1 11:29 4.8 3:50 2.8 10:06 6.7
16;.. ,5:10— 1.4 12:19 4.8 "4:42 2.8 10:55 6.G
17 ... 5:58—1.3 1:09 .4.9 5:37 3.0 11:45| 6.4
Steamer.
Destination.
Sails.
Pier.
Robt. Dollar..
Brunswick...
W. Kruger...
Pomona
Bonlta........
'¦-¦¦¦ . ¦
Santa Barb...
Empire .•.
Queen
Columbia. ..'..!
Acme.l
San Pedro....
Alliance
North Fork.;.
Gaelic .....
Newburg...; .
Rival :..
" Jnne it. .
Seattle & Hadlock.
Nome & Teller
Tlllamook Bay ...j
Humboldt
San Pedro .'..
' Jane 12.
Humboldt :}..'.
Coos Bay
San '" Diego !
Astoria &• Portland
Jane 13.
Siuslaw River......
Humboldt :
Portl'd & Coos Bay
, Jane 14. -
Humboldt '..
China & Japan
Grays Harbor ....
Willapa Harbor....
1 Jane 15. ~ ¦
Puget Sound Ports
Humboldt .7'..
Newport *.. ...:.
Point • Arena.:......
Humboldt ."....¦..
Jane 16. . ; .
San Diego
Jnne 17. . i
Astoria & Portland
Seattle & N. What
Valp'so & Way Pts
Coos Bay ...........]
5 pm
5 pm
5 pm
1:30 p
9 ami
I 2 pm
12 - m
9 am
II am
11 am
10 am
5 pm
9 am
1 pm
5 pm
12 m
Pier
Pier 1
Pier 1
Pier
Pier 1
Pier
Pier li
Pier 1
Pier 2
Pier l:
Pier i:
Pier 1-
Pier
PMSS
Pier
5th st
¦Walla "Walla.
Noyo..
Corona...
Point Arena:.
Eureka V".
- • • I
11 am
5 pm
9 am
2 pm
12, »
i
Pier •
Pier'
Pier 1
Pier >
Pier 1
Santa Rosa..
9 am
Pier 1
G. W. Klder.
Rainier.......
Colombia...;.
Area ta... ;'....
11 am
12 g m
4 pm
Pier 2
Pier 3
Pier 1
Steamer.
Destination.
Sails.
Chas. D. Lane.
Victorian./.....
Alki.. ..........
Chas. Nelson...
Jeanle... ...... ..
Nome City
Dolphin..'...'."...
Dlrlgo.. ...... W.
City of Seattle.
City of Topeka.
Nome direct .\.;.v...... June 12
Skaguay & Way Ports, June 12
Skaguay & Way Ports. June 14
Skaguay & Way Ports. June 15
Nome direct" June 15
Nome, Teller & Topkuk June 15
Skaguay & Way Ports. June 16
Skaguay & Way Ports. June 18
Skaguay & Way. Ports. June 18
Skaguay & Way Ports. June la
ness and surety with which Peruna
acts in these cases .has saved many
Hv3S. A large dose . of Peruna should
be taken at the first appearance of a cold
in summer, followed by small and oft-
repeated doses. There Is no other remedy
that medical science can furnish so re-
liable and quick in its action as. Peruna.
If you do not derive prompt and satis-
factory results from the use of Peruna,
write at once to Dr. Hartman, giving a
full statement of your case, and he will
be pleased to give you his valuable advics
gratis. -
Address Dr. Hartman, President of The
"Hartman Sanitarium, Columbus, Ohio.
Miss Sophie IS. Smith, president of the'
Jacksonville Art : Club, writes from 17 ,
west Adams street, Jacksonville, Fla., as ,
follows: . ¦ ¦ ¦« - <
.. "From bad to worse is the story of ,
a hard cold when it settles on the]
lungs and spreads catarrh through
the system. From sick to well is the,
story when you use 'Peruna, I have]
tried it twice, and each time I had a*
hard cold, and although one was in,
midsummer and the other Jn mid-
winter Peruna cured me each time. \
I give it my highest endorsement — it]
is well deserved."— Sophie B. Smith.
A UNITED STATES SENATOR'S WIFE!
PRAIES PERUNA. " <
Mrs. F. E. "Warren, wife of the late'
Governor and . now .United States Sen-
ator F. E. Warren of "Wyoming,- writes
the following voluntary testimonial to the
value cf Perunaf She says:
"/ am % never without Peruna either
in my home or in my travats. It is]
truly a great triumph of scientific]
medicine. I am constantly troubled <
with coughs, colds, etc., but thanks to\
your good medicine Peruna, I always]
find a prompt cure: I believe, no med-
icine, ever brought before the public
has effected so many permanent cures'
as Peruna."— Mrs. F.E. Warren,
1848 Wyoming St., Washington, D. C.
Catching cold. in the summer is~a more
frequent occurrence than Is most gener-
ally supposed. Winter is generally sup-
posed to be the. time for. colds. But cool
nights alternating with hot days, sudden
showers following sultry heat, profuse
perspiration and cooling draughts, are all
peculiar to summer, which causes a mul-
titude of people to catch cold.
Summer colds require prompt treaty
ment. .They are always- grave, and
sometimes dangerous. The oromo*-
President Jackscnville Art Clu-.
"I Give Peruna My Highest En-
dorsement it Is '. Well De-
served." - .'¦
(To the Peruna • Medicine" Company of
1 Columbus, Ohio.)
VOUNG ARTIST
* SAYS : ..-MM: Yak7i*J!!i
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
•» Steamers leave Broadway
'Wharf, San Francisco:
gQhb^.- For Alaskan ports — 11 a. m.,
iSfiaft-v June 5. 10, 15. :o. 25. 30. July
KPfEj%«v B. Change to company's
¦ tffiTM^W^ steamers at Seattle.
m9IUl For Victoria. Vancouver (B.
' C^-Ji^i C). Port Townsend. Seattle.
, P^ffiaH Tacoma. Kverett, ATia-^oi~i>s
•^ and New "Whatcom (tVa*h.)—
11 a. m., Jane 5, 10. 15, !0. 25, JO.
July 5 and ev*ry fifth day thereafter. Change
at Seattle for this company's steamers for
Alaska and G. N. Ry.: at Seattle or Tacoma
lor N. P. Ry.; at "Vancouver to C.-P. Ry.
For Eureka and Humboldt- Bay— ltJO p. n»-.
June J. 7, U. 16, 21. 28. July 1, and every fifth
day thereafter. .
For Ban Diego, stopping only at Santa Bar-
bara; Port Los Angeles and Redondo (Los An-
geles)— Steamer Queen. "Wednesdays. 9 a. m :
steamer Santa Rosa. Sundays. 9 a. in. > . •
For Loa Angeles calling at Santa Cruz.
Monterey. San Simeon. Cayucoa, Port H*rford
(San Luis Obispo), Gaviota. Santa Barbara.
Ventura. Hueneme. San Pedro. East San Pe-
dro, ("Corona only) — Steamer Corona.
Saturdays, 9 a. m.; steamer Bonlta. Tuesdays,
' For knsenada, Magdalena Bay. San Jose del
Cabc. Maiatlan. Altata. La Pax,' Santa Rosa-
lia and Guaymas (Mex.)— 10 a. m., 7tb each
For further information obtain company's ;
folders.'
The company reserve* tie Tight to chants
steamers, sailing date* and hours of sailing
without orevloun notice. •
TICKF.T OIT'TCE— * New Montgomery
str^t (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL. PEPKINS A CO.. Gen. Agents.
10 Market St.. San Francisco.
O; R.&N.C&.
Only Steamnhlp Iilns «o ,
PORTLAND, Or., •:
And Short Rail L1«e from Portland to all
points East. Through ftstret* to all
point*. f»»1 -«" -- x >'-% — i^ i»al1. at
STXAHTER TICKET* MCLUDB BERTH *ni KBAL«.
SS. COLUMBIA— Sails June 12, 23. July 2. 13. 21 8
SS. GEO. "W. ELDER .-
Sails June 17, 27. July 7. 17. 27
D.WjnTCHCOCK. Gen.Agt.. 1 Montgom'y.S.F.
AMERICAN LINE.
hew y<TK r.TT'H"MP'-oi. io-dou. paxts.
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
. From New York Every "Wednesday. 10 a. m.
St. Paul......... June 191 St.; Louis.. July 17 •
St. Louis June 26 St. Paul .August 7
St. Paul .....July lOjSt. Louis August 14
'RED STAR LINE.
New York and Antwero.
From New York Every "Wednesday, 12 noon.
Sout hwark June 19 *Zeeland July in
•Vaderland June 26 Friesland July 17
Kensington .... .July , 3 Pennland July 24
5 'Stop at Cherbourg, eastbound.
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO..
. • , ,-vCHAS. D. TAYLOR.
General Agent Pacific Coast. 30 Montgomery st.
TOYO K|N KAISHA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, at 1 p. m.,"
for YOKOHAMA and.HONGKONO. calling at
Kobe (Hiogo). Nagasaki and Shanghai and
connecting . at Hongkong with steamers for
India, etc. No cargo received on board on
day of sailing. .¦¦¦.•. :
SS HONGKONG MARU.Saturday. June 22. 1901
SS'. NIPPON MARU.. .Wednesday. July 17. 19flt
SS. AMERICA MARU.. Saturday. Aug. 10. 1901
' Round trip tickets at -reduced, rates. \ For
freight and. passage apply at company's of flea.
421 Market street, 'corner First.'- ' ¦*
W. H. AVEP.Y. General Agent.
COlfPAGirrE . GKnatiLB * TKAIWATLAHTIQnX.
'DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE- PARIS
Salllnff every Thursday, instead of
Saturday, at 10 a. m.. from, pier 42, ¦ .^, *>
North River, foot of Morton ¦ street, •L'Aqut-
talne. June 20; La Bretagne.' June 27: La Cham-
pagne. July 4; La Gascoene. July 11.
•First class to Havre. $^5 and upward. S«cond
Class to Havre.: $45 and unward. GENERAL
AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES and CAN-
ADA. 32 Broadway (Hudson buildln*). . New
York. J. » F. FUGAZI & CO.. Pacific Coast
Agents, 5 Montgomery avenue. San " Francisco. '
Tickets sold by all Railroad Ticket Agents.
•Twin Screw Express Steamers.
HAMBURG-AMERICAN LINE.
-Twln-Scre'w Exores^ Service. '
PLYMOUTH— CHERBOURG— HAMEURO. -
Al'G VICTORIA ... J' WE 2O/ 10 A.M.
Columbia........ June 271 Deutschland July 11
F. 'Bismarck. :... July 4!Columbla ...July ,S5>
j ''f-PiTwIn-Screw Oass-in-^r .lervic-?:;
PLYMOUTH— CHERBOURG— HAMBURG.
•Bata via.'.. '..... June 221 Pretoria....... '...July K
Pennsylvania... June 291 'Phoenicia July 20
¦ .- . 'Sails to Hamburg direct. . ; ' .'
rfomburq-Amarlcar) Line; .51 d'way.* N-'-Y.""
' HERZ0G.& CO.. General Agrenta for Pacific
Coast, -101 California street." , ¦' ¦ '
:OCMiBc$,s.co,ssi:
SS. SONOMA (via Honolulu) 1 for Samoa.
i New Zealand and Australia. .....IT... ...>';
' .".....^...'.......Thursday.'. June 20, 10 'a. m. ¦
SS. AUSTRALIA. forTahiti.. ............;...'< .
*".:.*..¦:.'.'..'...""... '.Wednesday, June "28, 10 a. m."
SS. ZEALANDIA . (Honolulu only)..;;.... ..
Mf r ..Saturday June 29,-2 p. m."
J. D.SPREGXELS ft BROS. C3 , Bimral Agents. 327 HarM SI
dw'l Passangif Otto, B43 Hariat St; rfc la. 7. PacrflcU
Weekly Gall, $1 per Yea^v
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
"', - • Every Man Should -Know Himself. \\
m,. st. James Assn.. Box KM. Cincinnati, O., haa
¦fWired at Kreat expense «n exhaust- fftpp I
RJ^IIustraWrt Treatise upon the male L D L L f
ST^MES;ASSN.;^o < ELM^r. ;ohi^
iJt&flm' In Fifteen Days
• •»Gr»n-8olTent" dlssolresStrlotnre like »dow b*
pemth ¦- tbe , sun, reduces - KnlarKed Pro»tate anj
Itrengtbeni tbe Semin&l Ducts, stopping Dralm *M
the tortnot Crayoni or Pencils, smooth ancfflezlM*
lad to n»rrew u to pass the closest Stricture. ~ r *
Cured While
.You Sleep
APVK&TISF1A1 BNTa.
TIST
ADVERTISEMENTS. t
¦- - s
r ASALEOF —V ]
CAMERAS ;
. comparable with the one we j • "
\ are conducting. We have ac- ¦ i
tually knocked prices all to
pieces. Scan these few items
and judge for yourself:.
No. 2 : Monroe, - $3 00; our '*'¦ .'/".'
price $2.50 •
. Tourist Hawkey, 3%x4%. •
$9 00; our price......... $4.0O ¦" >
Premo,'4x3, $20 00; our price. j> ',
Poco, 4x5, $22 00; our price.. fll.OO
Poco Telephoto,' 4x5, $30 00;
our price.......
' These goods are all" jruaran-
teed. Your money back if you
arenot satisfied. ' .
Maxt-ShirpsttPm • 42l1nrapy.
DR. HULL'S RElNYiaORATOBgSJgl
Five hundrcl reward for any NBTgAJj
case we cannot cure. This secret * "^W
remedy stops all losses in 21 hours, B^ :
cures Emissions. Impotency. Vari- 1MB EH
cocele. Gonorrhea,- Gleet. Fits. {JTl . VTfin
Strictures. ' Lost Manhood and all jtajj MBM
wasting effects of self-abuse or PS^sbbbbs
excesses.' Sent sealed. $2 bottle; 3 ¦^^¦^"^¦'
bottles. $3. guaranteed to cure any case. Ad-
dress HALL'S MEDICAL INSTITUTE, 853 •
Broadway. Oakland. Cal. Also for sale at 1073^4
Market st.. S.'F. All private diseases quickly i
cured. -Send for. free book. ,-•¦¦'' '
OCEAN' TEA VEL.
PACIFIC STEAM NAVIGATION CO,
And CIA SUD AMERICANA DE VAPORES.
To •¦ Valparaiso.- stopping "'at Mexican.' Central
and South American portsp.-. Sailing: from How-
ard-street, wharf No. 3.' 12 m. - •
PALENA. :...... June 7JTUCAPEL June 27
COLOMBIA.... June 12|AREQUIPA.....July —
• These steamers are . built expressly . for Cen-
tral • and . South American . passenger service.
(No change at Acapulco , or Panama). .Freight
and passensrer office. 316 California street ' -
BALFOUR." GUTHRIE & CO. 1 , Gen. Agents.
PANAMA -R,':ttS?-''
TO NEW YORK YIA PANAMA DIRECT.;
¦ ' Cabin.' flOS; Steerage, " * '
8,'S. Argyll ¦ sails Suiday, June 30
,S. S. Leelanaw sails. Monday, July. (5
S. S.'Arfi yll . 'V-. «»«'' M>-»i-»v. -i An ft." 5
¦ "'•'¦ From Harrison-street .'Wharf at 2 p. m. . ¦
.- Freight and passenger office. 330 Market st. -
.-. K. F.: CONNOR. Pacific Coast Agent.
BAY AND BIVES . STEAMER3.
FOR U; Si iNAVY YARD AND .VALUEJO;
J SteamersiGEN. : FRI3BIE or MONTICELLO ;
< 9:45 a." m..' 3:15 and 8:30 p. m.. except Sun-
day, v Sunday, 9:45 'a. m., 8:30 p. -m. Leaves
Vallejo 7*a.;tn,,'- 12:30 noon. 6 p.' 'm., except
Sunday.- Sunday, 7 a. :m.. 4:15 p. m. ¦ Fare 50 '
cents. Telephone Main' 150S. -Landing 'and of-
fice, ? pier 1 2, i Mlssion-st. dock. THATCH ; BRO3. :
no difference pi
i COMPANTS EXTRACT _:
¦- ¦¦¦¦¦ OFBEEF/l -;:..
ITKEEPXIT/XTRENGTH i
V& andFLAVORinGREENLAND ¥1
X A/ UNDER THE EQUATOR S£
\| JTEE THE POINT ? (^Sarah Bernhardt recently canceled an engagement
to play in London because her son was to fight a duel ;
and in explanation she said: "If my son's life is in
peril, how can I go? I am a mother first and an
actress afterward." It would appear from that state
ment that Sarah went into the mother business early.
If Bryan and Watterson would only agree to arbi
trate the thing, or just drop it like Tillman and Mc-
Laurin, the summer might be as quiet and serene for
Democrats as it is for the rest of the people.
The War Department has at last decided to recog
nize appropriately the heroic conduct of American
troops in the Chinese campaign. Gifts even grudg
ingly given are sometimes sweet.
Honolulu is leaving nothing undone to demonstrate
! that she enjoys absolutely, her new found place inthe
roster 1 of? cities ; of the American Union. Every
ship ..which enters port from , the islands' brings news
that 'the people of the : island metropolis are at war
'.with the authorities. .. • ... ' • ' *. s ',
- ' ::'¦'.-'¦ ¦*.- *'. ¦. ¦.'.'*¦ . "\. «" . '. .- •-.-.'•¦•¦¦' • ¦' -'t'-'-^Ti-zi
It is" to be noted that, while 'there is a good deal of
a splutter over the export of a few millions of gold to
¦ Europe, no one takes much notice of the heavy export
' or exodus of . millionaires ; " and yet it [ may. be the gold
. has to.be sent over to bring" them home again. -
j . The Chinese revolutionist who has been "detained
:at this po^rt, for deportation.to^Cliinaiis'likely.todis
cover that the habit of minding one's'bwn business 13
- an admirable : one* to 'cultivate. ' : -, ' ; : * ! _
Are you prepared to stand the severity of wlri
ter? Dr. Siegert's Angostura. Bitters build up- the
system, vitalize the blood and prevent disease.
Minnesota claims to have the tallest
man In Louis Wilkins, born on a farm,
near St. Paul, who is now 26. years old.
weighs 364 pounds and lacks less than one
incn of being nine feet high. *
Dr. Sanf ord's Liver Invigoratar.
Best Liver Medicine, VeVetableCure for Liver Ills.
Biliousness. Indigestion. Constipation, Malaria.
Shake Into Tour Shoes
Allen'sFoot-Ease.a powder. It makes tight or neV
shees feel easy. Cures Corns. Eunlons, Swollen.
Tired. Sweating. Aching feet. 10,000 testimonial!!.
At. all druggists and shoe stores. 23c. Ask to-day.
Sample free.AddressAlIenS.Olmated.LeRoy.N.Y.
There is now in storage in the Brook
lyn "Water Supply Company's reservoir*
488,278.000 gallons of water, or 417.S12.40O
gallons less than a year" ago. .
- Special information supplied {laily to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's;, 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. • '
Best eyeglasses, specs, 10c to 40c. Look out
for 81 4th. front barber store and grocery.*
WHEN, after the dreary years of industrial de
pression following the enactment of a Demo
cratic tariff, prosperity came back to the
country with the passage of the Dingley bill, it
seemed incredible that there should be another agi
tation" for tariff changes on a large scale in the United
States for the rest of this generation. That which was
deemed so improbable is, however, that which now
seems likely to occur. A new fight is to be made
against the protective system, and, strange as it may
appear, the leaders in the fight are men who have prof
ited by protection and who still need it for the con
tinued prosperity of their business.
The fight has taken the form of an agitation for
what is called reciprocity. Under that name it is pro
posed to barter away the protection of some indus
tries for the sake of gaining . advantages, for others.
The broad principle that protection is to be applied
equally to all American industries is to be set aside in
favor of a hew principle of commercial barter, and
instead of a well devised comprehensive tariff we are
to have such customs duties as will result from va
rious reciprocity treaties made at different times .with
different countries . by different negotiators and for
different purposes. . ' .
Among the advocates of a scheme of tariff
tinkering are some of the -foremost manufacturers of
the country. At the iecent meeting of the National
Association of Manufacturers the president (Thomas
C. Search) is reported to have made a plea for re
ciprocity that would open, foreign' markets for our
manufactured goods. He claimed that Germany, Rus
sia, Austria and. France are all "expressing with much
emphasis their dissatisfaction with our national pol
icy, which seeks to obtain all possible trade advantages
and yet is unwilling to concede any favors in return."
Those countries, he went on to argue, are willing to
consider mutual trade concessions, but are at present
antagonistic to American trade because it is unfair.
. Proceeding to explain the policy he thinks should
be adopted Mr. Searches quoted as saying: "I believe
I do not overestimate its importance when I say that
the continuance and further extension of our magnifi
cent export trade in manufactured products depends
more upon our willingness to barter privileges with
our foreign customers than upon any other influence
that we can discern at the present time. 1 We can yield
much that will be of value to: others without causing
loss or injury to bur own interests. If we are*not will
ing and able to adopt such a policy we must 'expect
not only the loss of privileges we now enjoy, but"also
open, retaliations apunishment for our selfishness.
As the first practical step let us urge 'the Senate, to
ratify the treaty, of commercial reciprocity with
France, so long delayed, so repeatedly postponed, but
still alive." • • .
It would be well for MrJ Search and others like him
who believe the United States Government should sac
¦ • ' ¦ • ¦ . ¦ '
A NEW TARIFF FIGHT.
Cal. glace fruit 50c per lb at Townsend's.*
Choice candies, Townsend's, Palace Hotel*
AMERICAN AUTHORS.
G.EORGE H. WARNER, associate editor of
the Library of .the .World's. Best Literature,
has recently contributed to the New York
Times' an elaborate study of American authorship
from colonial* times -to 1895, designed for. the purpose
of determining the nationality of the writers of Ameri
can books, the native State of. each writer, and the
vocations of the authors.
The number of names examined is 6500, and Mr.
Warner says of the list: "It is probably too. small a
number by some' 500, or 600, ¦ but the' averages are
probably as .correct as* are necessary. for our study,
notwithstanding the omissions." Writers of occasional
poems, magazine articles, etc.," are not included in the
list, as'none are accounted as authors except those who
have produced "definite books.". Of the total number,
700 are known to have been born in foreign lands, and
there are upward of 200 whose birthplaces have not
been ascertained. '
Of the native writers, upward of 2300 were born in
New England. The Middle States furnish/2O0O. v ' Con
necticut has the credit of producing the largest num
ber of ' writers in' proportion , to population of any
¦ State' in -the Union. Considering numbers without
j regard to population, Massachusetts leads with 1243',
! New York has 1060, Pennsylvania 613. , Of the South
| ern and the Western States Mr. Warner says .Vir
ginia has 225 authors, South Carolina 118, while North
Carolina has 71, Georgia has 56, Alabama 28, Missis
sippi 19, Louisiana 21, and-Texas has but 3. In the
interior South, Tennessee has 34, JKentucky^o, .both'
being'in some respects extensions' of Virginia, while
Missouri has 26 and Arkansas 3. Of the Western
States, Ohio takes the lead, with 174 abhors, while In
diana has 55, Illinois 47, Michigan 36 and California 6.
All the others combined have 37. • ' \
"Of course, such' a list is very far from being accu
rate.. The number of authors assigned to California,
for example, is far below the' fact.; "Nevertheless, the
list is an interesting rec6rd of, the literary activity of
. the-people of different sections of the country in the
1 past. A" list confined to living authors would make a
j much' better showing for the South and the West. In
1 fact, of. well-known writers who "produce not only
what Mr. Warner "calls "definite .books," but books
that are widely read, those sections ~f the Union have
now more than. $[ew; Erigland-7 *-«V--
According to a Washington dispatch, greenbacks
and national bank notes to the face value of $1,500,000
have been recently destroyed by the Government,
ground into paper pulp and sold to a company that
will use the pulp hi the manufacture of carwheels. It
will be a big change for a bit of paper to pass from the
form of a bank note to that of a carwheel, but at any
rate it will continue to keep .things moving.
Lord Kitchener appears to have overlooked one of
the vital and important elements of British reports in
his account of the latest Boer victory in. South Africa.
He neglected utterly even to suggest that familiar
clause, "I- regret to state." Perhaps regrets- are : be
coming- commonplace. . .
t— * OR nearly two years The Call has sounded the
j~H alarm over the lawless and destructive conditions
•*¦ to be found upon the arid stock ranges on the
public domain west of the ninety-ninth meridian. We
Degan with the fate that had overtaken Wyoming,
ivhere a great value m cattle had disappeared as a re
iult of destroying the forage and the introduction of
.-beep. We showed that the lost cattle value had been
replaced by a far less sheep value, to the loss of the
State's wealth, and that 13,000,000 sheep would be re
quired to replace the lost cattle value, and that num
ier of sheep would in one year reduce Wyoming to a
just heap.
We predicted two years ago the coming war on the
?ree range. That strife is now on. The contending
T orces have met in Colorado and Wyoming, men have
seen shot and the stock has been slaughtered.
Mr. Allen, a stock man of Ogden, is up in Wash
ington for the purpose of leasing "grazing lands on the
N'onhern Pacific grant upon which to feed his stock.
Fie is interested in sheep, and sees the end approach
ing. In an interview at Tacoma he says that there is
an excess of 1,000.000 sheep over the capacity of the
range to carry them. This means the whole range,
ind that if cattle are expelled entirely and all is given
jp to sheep they already overstock it to that vast
lumber.
The result is a violent and bloody struggle for ex
istence. There is but one remedy, and that is the
immediate limitation of the flocks and herds to the
supporting capacity of the range and the conSnement
of every stock man's sheep and cattle to his own lease
lold, secured from the Government on*Stlch conditions
as protect large and small owners alike, make the
actual settler secure in control of range for his domes
cic animals, and safeguard likewise the rights of the
roming homesteader and the mineral prospector.
Mr. Allen indicates the exclusion of sheep from the
forest reserves as one cause of the appalling condition
of that industry. But if the reserves are reopened to
sheep they may as well be abandoned entirely. The
cattlemen oppose such privilege on the forest/ re
serves because they protect the water sources and con
serve the moisture of the arid region and supply the
means of irrigation, upon which agriculture must de
pend.
The effect of the situation which this sheep-owner
admits to exist reaches far into the interests of the
whole Union. It is causing the rapid rise in the price
of beef, which not only touches the domestic con
sumer but impairs the packing industry by threatening
.0 raise the export price beyond the possibility of com.
petition with Australia and the Argentines.
All these are grave consequences of a situation that
ought not to exist, and can be completely transformed
by the adoption of the leasing policy.
THE RANGE WAR.
the amelioration of the causes deleteri
ously affecting an increase in the popula-'
tion as distinguished from the mere com
mercial prosperity ' and advancement of
the colony as a center for the settlement
of our white brethren.' For a period of
twenty-five years Fijians have been gov
erned through a" native commissioner,
with the aid of the native chiefs, who
have occupied officially and by virtue of
their heredit ory rank the position of lieu
ter.ant gover »rs to the various provinces,
where they have full power. This.patri
archal form of government has been sat
isfactory in so far as a large population,
formerly of a wild 'class, have been con
verted into the most law-abiding sub
jects of the British monarch, and, further,
this system of government has enabled
the administration to collect a large rev
enue—about £20,000 a year.
A Nearly Ideal Government.
It has fostered a system of- comparative
Industry and mutual help, such as to draw
forth from a 'recent distinguished Ameri
can lately visiting the group the opinion
"that as a result of an investigation un
dertaken by him of the conditions of gov
ernment, prosperity and well-being of the
natives under various administrations in
this hemisphere, that of Fiji most nearly
approaches the ideal philanthropic care in
these times expected from sovereign Eu
ropean powers to colored races."
The system in vogue in Fiji must have
much to commend itself when the trium
virate of powers in Samoa as a result of
their investigations into the late troubles
in those islands recommended the powers
to follow the methods existing in Fiji,- for
the pacification and government of that
group by "a council of district chiefs pre
sided over by the administrator ¦ of the
colony" and the doing away of the king
ship. Indeed, such philanthropic govern
ment of natives should be pursued In Fiji
if anywhere; the annexation of those
islands to the crown of England was actu
ated a desire for the preservation of
the natives, and the "deed of cession" pro
vided for the fosferlng care to be bestowed
upon the natives and the guarding of their
native rights and customs.
The Native 'Administration.
The native Fijian population amounts to
about 98,000^ scattered over as many; as
eighty islands. The group is divided into
fourteen provinces, each province roughly
containing about 6000 people, presided over
by. a roko, or. hereditary chief, having un
der him heads of districts and towns, and
a large native staff. of officers, scribes and
native magistrates. European magistrates
are resident in parts of the group, and ex
ercise judicial functions for the more seri
ous offenses committed among "natives;
minor offenses are dealt with by natives
themselves , in the native courts. Euro
pean 'magistrates have ; till - now been dis
couraged from in any way interfering in
the administration, of the provinces. In
the past the native administration has
been corrupt, inefficient, unreliable and in
a great many instances oppressive by rea
son of the exactions of chiefs, Instability
of the native character and want 'of di
rect supervision by European offlcers;'the
central native jr4jninistratlon from the na
tive office has been in the past hidebound,
and a victim to a perpetuation of the na
tive, "status in quo,"^resulting in condi
tions most unsatisfactory individually to
the native and" to the' continued, develop
ment-of the race. -. . " - ¦- • ¦ " \
All that is now changed. Under the new
system traveling inspectors are appointed
in the various provinces, vested with judi
cial and administrative powers, whose
duty it is to attain an IntimafteVknowleilge
of the different districts and villages, the
people, their, language, customs, habUs,
condition of life, sanitary state of their
towns and houses; to .: inquire Into the
water supply to each village,. and submit
schemes for the supply of . good,: whole
some water -where possible ; the isolation
and treatment of contagious endemic dis
eases;,the establishment of provincial hos
pitals with competent European medical
attendants;: the supervision of native offi
cials,-and ¦ the -correction of /abuses', and
exactions and. oppression by, chiefs; -the
abolition I of I native customs where preju
dicial to public health ; or progress, . an-1
the practical enforcement of the excellent
native regulations which in the hands of
an ' Indifferent native 1 administration have
been virtually; dead letters up -to now., -;'
Lif ting TJp the Fijians.
The planting of V large * areas of waste
lands with cocoanuts, ; hitherto neglected ;
the encouragement given to Individual na
tives by the personal assessment of work
done by each individual, and' consequent
increase of personal wealth instead of the
dividing of the ."tax refund" among .the
community as ! formerly, ¦ are steps ; of so
cial political economy hitherto ; quite, over
looked and ' which imust In time complete
ly change Fijian character and their ma
terial condition for the better. | That with
this • improvement " we ¦ may ; hope - for , an
alteration : in the decrease ¦ not chimeri
cal, but in'any.case, as Sir George O'Brien
said in -his . late ; message: f; "Government
was .-bound to ¦ see 3 that the s large ; amount
of labor annually wasted and the:unpro-
solution! than the present one could be ap
plied for a long time to come. Neverthe
less the suggestion presents many
thoughts of great 'interest, and eventual
ly.'I feel "sure,- will have to engage the
consideration of the Australasian com
monwealth; ~ the geographical position of
Fiji, its * relations to > the ' French posses
sion of New Caledonia. • the advantages
which it offers as .a coaling station for
our fleet In these waters . and ¦ the future
cable route to Canada are all matters of
high imperial -policy which must follow
as, a result of colonial federation. What
the colony of Fiji has always lacked is a
large European population, or the intro
duction of European capital for develop
ing its resources,- which are illimitable
and capable of great expansion.
Islands of the Fiji Group.
The colony of Fiji includes a small de
pendency of Rotumah, • situated - to the
northwest of the group, of an area of
fourteen square miles, and consisting of
three islets and rocks and reefs. The
island is administered by a Deputy Com
missioner, acting under. the orders of the
High Commissioner,* the local enactments
of the Rotumahan Regulation board for
the government of the natives being sub
ject to the approval of the Legislative
Council of Fiji. The sole care of gov
ernment is that of the interesting race
over • whose . destinies they : preside. The
regulations governing this island -and the
community are based on*those of Fiji. The
main ! products are cocoanuts, whose an
nual yield more than pays for its admin
istration, as -well as leaving a large sum
for the material benefit, of the natives.
The principal islands 'of the Fiji group
are VI ti Levu, of 4112 square miles; Venua
Levu, of 2432 square miles:. Taviuni, 217
square miles; Kadavu. 124 square miles:
Koro, 58 square, miles; » Gau, 45 square
miles, and Ovalau, 43 square miles, /the to
tal area of the colony being about equal
to that of Wales. The Island of Viti Levu
alone is as large as Jamaica, larger than
Cyprus, twice as large, as Trinidad and
six times as large as « Mauritius. The
whole group is greater than that of all the
West Indian Islands put' together.
The population of , the group in 'the va
rious races is as follows: Europeans,"
4000; half-castes, 1500; Indians. 13,000; Poly
nesians/2074; Fijlans, S8.950; Rotumahans,
2200; others. 1100. Total population, 122,824.
Climate of the Colony.
For a tropical country the colony is a
particularly healthy one for Europeans.
Malarial fevers are practically unknown
and the endemic ¦ diseases . peculiar to the
natives are extremely rare in Europeans,
such as occasionally occur being those at
tributable to association among the na
tives or the adoption of their " methods of
life. The climate is somewhat damp- the
rainfall In . Suva in 1898 was no inches —
but w,ith a large amount of 'annual sun
shine and no excessive heat and with cool
steady southeast. trade winds most of the
year. . v ¦ ¦ ., • • • . ¦ .-..•.
The principal industries of the colony
are the following:
1. The cultivation and manufacture of
raw sugar. 2. The making of copra, the
dried nut from the cocoanut palm. 3. The
cultivation and export of gTeen fruit. < 4
The . manufacture of distilled I spirit is a
by-product from sugar. 5. The export of
the peanut, largely prized for its oil and
in the manufacture . of confectionery. 6.
Pearl shell, turtle shell and beche-de-mer
7. The growth and manufacture of supe
rior ' classes - of . . tobacco. 8. Rice Is also
largely cultivated.
Labor and Immigration.
The labor of the colony Is derived'ehief
ly. from the immigrant Indian and Poly
nesian races and the local -Fijlans. The
principal labor. on the larger estates is of
course, coolie labor, carried on by the
Government annual importation - and in
denture to the various employers who aD
ply for men, to whom they^are bound for
a period of five; years, after which tha
Indian irtanigrant has . to live a further
period of. five years In the colony but ia
a free agent to reindenture if he likes or
go to .work where he -pleases * '
; < The number.of immigrants on order for
the various estates in 1900 amounted to
over 1000. The actual Indian population i£
the islands at the end of 1899 %«ra 3 about
13,000.. The birth -rate, among adults under
indenture is 6.18 per cent. The adult death
rate of Indians in the colony Is 'about 1 04
per cent, -and among children 12.34 D *er
cent. J • This must be I regarded as satisf ar
tory.in view of. the diseases to which thi*
racVis so liable ' and • the negligence and
apathy of parents. : ! * " •*""
coolie laborer in Fiji is 'surrounded
by - protective 1 legislation of a strimrpnt
characterising-, the [whole period of -h!^
indenture.* by which U his -.health; home
food,' work, wages and life 'are rejrulatpVi'
The immigration ; office of the , colony has
a number of inspectors*. who reside oif the
larger estates, , to look after his "interests.
Trade of
-.'The trade of the colony is carried on al
most' entirely ».with ; the 'Australasian I col
onies iand«New;Zealand.uThe;imports in
1SS9 amounted .~i In- lvalue -.to* £263,043,- the
ANSWERS TO QUERIES.-
ROAD MAP— Subscriber,' City." Any
first-class book store or cyclery can fur
nislr" you' a road map of the State of Cali
fornia. /
' NO SUCH NOTICE— N. H.. City. The
Call did not at any time put out raits
bulletin board "that Mrs. McKlnley had
"died at 11:40 to-day." \
MOUNT SHASTA— G. H. I., City.
Mount Shasta cannot be seen from the
top of Mount Diablo. ¦ In order to see
Shasta from that point it would require
an elevation of 200 feet more.
I^ATJITUDE— C. H. A., City. The ques
tion: "What is the reason, that the lati
tude on any given place of the earth will
change say. one degree or so in a hun
dred years?" was submitted to W. W.
Campbell, director of the Lick Observa
tory of the University of California, who
has kindly replied as follows:
"Your correspondent is misinformed re
garding the magnitudes of latitude
changes on the earth's surface.'. Changes
amounting to, say, 'one degree or so In
a hundred years/ are entirely unknown.
On the contrary, we know from accurate
astronomical observations that latitudes
have not changed to the amount of one
second of arc in the last century and a
half, and we have no reason ¦ to • suppose
that secular, or long, period changes are
taking place. About fifteen years ago, as
tronomers discovered that terrestrial lati
tudes were undergoing some changes,
these- changes being of a very irregular
rature.^and in no case amounting to more
than seventy feet, or two-thirds of a sec- .
ond of arc, from one extreme to the other.
.This change is not progressive, but a
movement in one direction is corrected a
few months later by a movement in the
opposite direction. The laws governing
these cnanges are fully understood, and it
is not possible to" predict them even ap
proximately many years in advance.
"We do know that the ellipsoidal form
of the earth is to some extent responsi
ble for the changes, and it is possible
that the annual falling and melting of the
snow around the polar regions exert an
appreciable influence, but 'the complete
explanation of the phenomenon is still
wanting." , t
OUR ANNUAL < FIRE BILL.
S'.TATISTICS said to have been compiled by in
surance experts, and.now. going the rounds of
.,] the Eastern press, make a -startling showing of
the losses to the people^of the United States, by fires
in the year 1900. The total loss is placed at $1^0,929,
805, on which there was insurance to the, amount of
$95,403,650. It is to be tome in mind the amount in
cludes only losses by the burning of buildings, bridges,
wharves and other property of that' kind. It does not
include any of the loss through the burning of our
woods and forests. . ' - ;
About the only consolation one can-find in a review
of the list of losses is that the thing seems to be gen
eral. There is no apparent 'partiality about it, and the
rich and the poor, the wise and the foolish, Demoy
crats arid Republicans, are- all alike- entitled to share
in any disguised blessing the loss- may bring.
A summary given of the property destroyed is irr
t'eresting. It includes, among other things, 151 fair
and exposition buildings, 15 armories, .9 art galleries,
78 .asylums, 79 college 'buildings, 143 clubhouses, 9
convents, 46 courthouses, ; 3 custom-houses, 2 dry
docks, 25 electric power-houses, I47engine-houses, 37
express offices, 54 gasworks, 11 Government buildings,
154 grain elevators, 7 gymnasiums, 622 public and so
ciety halls, 73 hospital buildings, 1321 hotels, 354 ice
houses, 64 jails, 19 public libraries, 1301 liquor stores,
17 public markets, 9 shipyards, 16 penitentiary and re
formatory buildings, 47 police and fire department
stations, 256 postoffices, ,7 powder mills, 470 printing
houses,' 142 railroad bridges," 41 carshops, 331 station
buildings, 40 roundhouses,_48 railroad stables, 943 res
taurants, 12 rinks, 528 schoolhouses, 31 seminary,
buildings, 2 statehouses, ¥ i33 opera-houses, 332 vessels,
140 tobacco-barns, 59; wharves,, 80 windmills and 42
water-tanks. ; • : ,
It will be seen the list includes nearly everything in
the way of buildings, and that not even water-tanks
are exempt. . In a very, large number of cases the fires
were the result of carelessness in the use of matches or
cigarette and cigar stumps. 'It would seem the moral
is that property owner/ should be more careful, but
unfortunately^for the moral the, chances are that the
people who were careless are not the ones who -lost
the property. ... : \'\. ;':«¦ S^\\-S T "_". *C" %
' That : these : stirring lines are based on
actual work being done receives no truer
instance than, in . the case of Fiji,'" where
the native races, and especially the Fijian
native race, are governed and protected
in ' a" way that can be little realized
abroad. ¦ • -• ¦ -
The history of this out-of-the-way col
ony, under British rule should be of deep
interest . to those desirous of the j well be
ing and perpetuation of native races, and
of 'English-speaking , men and \ expounded
to the world the lofty way in which a col
onizing power, first assumes - sovereignty
anl' then motherhood to its alien' races, ia
a fitting period to bring. home the practi
cal working and realization of the poet's
words— "The White Man's Burden." ' l ;.
. .- ; .:¦¦¦-*¦ . j
. At ajtime when Anglo-Saxons are united
in a £nore complete knowledge ; and inter
est in \foreign dominions; when the idea
of expansion' and its responsibilities is up
permost- in many . minds; . when .the poet
patriot Kipling has unloosed the feelings
f Into \the : question — which is at ¦ present
occupying the European settlers in Fiji —
whether annexation to New Zealand and
eventual incorporation with the Austra
lian commonwealth. Is desirable. I will not
now enter,' beyond saying that there seem
to me well nigh insuperable difficulties to
such a course, owing largely to the/ fact
of the main question in Fiji being "a na
tive one." And I maintain that even un
der such a confederation or annexation
as regards the native question no better
Question of Annexation.
ductlve character! of that labor -were so
altered as to give. the Fijian a chance.
The measure of success In these direc
tions already attained' by provincial in
spectors eiyes reason ••. to justify such a
hope, aided "as they now are by hygienic
women's missions . (European) 1 from the
Wesleyan and Roman Cath'olic bodies, by
large water schemes to the various dis
tricts and by the establishment of pro
vincial hospitals, by the education of. the
Fijian -in the benefits ana uses of milk
and cows and in a hundred and one other
things. -¦ .
Charles Dana' Gibson has recently said the average
height of the! American girl has 'increased two inches,
in ten years; and while the statement may possibly be
explained on. the theory that .the girls are trying to
live up to the Gibson type, it is safest to' call for proof
before attempting an explanation.. The genial artist
may have been drawing his * conclusions from his
imagination. ' ' . . ¦- >- . * .
VACCINATION AND .
SMALLPOX EPIDEMIC
The Call dees not. hold itself responsible for
the opinions published in this column, but
¦ presents them for whatever value they may
have as communications of general Interest.
[ Editor Daily Morning Call: The subject
of your editorial on "Prevalence of Small
pox" in your edition of Saturday calls for
further elucidation, for you omitted two .
most important factors. . ,
First, during our late Spanish and Phil
ippine wars wholesale vaccination was
practiced in our army, ' navy and • public
schools, and the inevitable result through
out the United States is a crop of sporadic
but non-infectious smallpox. This is an
Indisputably established fact and known
to all intelligent physicians. . . -•,
Second, the smallpox (variola) of old,
which caused Jenner to seek an antidote,
is quite different from the smallpox of to
day, which is non-contagldus. Contagion
results from ' hallucinative fear and is
suggested into susceptible people by tim
id and frightened observers of this dis
ease, and thus, as a natural consequence,
smallpox is of, itself produced. And this
again has been thoroughly established
through modern scientific investigations
in metaphysics, psychology and suggest
tive therapeutics. '
School children are taught that a tem
perature of 100 degrees' indicates fever,
and is in Itself disease. "Vaccination pro
duces fever and higher temperatures,
often up to 104.. 105 and even to 106 de- .
grees, hence loss of health, depletion and/
depolarization of the body, and thus is
created in the negative patient a ten
dency to disease-producing fear and ulti
mately to contagion. The. demand of to
day is for physicians capable of curing
smallpox through common-sense methods
and wholly without* resort to experi
mentation, or -to this fallacious and dis
ease-jjroducing vaccination. One of • the
first %teps toward that result is the doing
away with compulsory vaccination. Com
pulsory vaccination lulls the public (and
often the physician) into a mirage of fan
cied security and stops progress toward
searching for truly curative methods. ¦
D. ALBERT HTLLER, M. D.
San Francisco, June 9, 1901. .
TUESDAY. .'..'.... .......JUNE 11, 1001
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, "Proprietor.
Address All Communication* to W. S. LEAKE, Kaniger.
MANAGER'S OFFICE . . . !ll^'5g*|°^ J^^^ JzZt
PUBLICATION OFFICE... Market and Third, S. F.
Telephone Prew 201.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson St.
Telephone Press 202.
Delivered br Carriers, 15 Cents Per Weelc
Sinprle Copies. 5 Cents.
Terms t»r Mall, Including: Postaaret
DAILT CALL, (including Sunday), one year.... J6-M
DAILT CALL. (Including Sunday). « months...^ 3-0°
DAILY CAL,- including Sunday). S months.. .^T. 1-50
r>AILT CALL— By Slngrle Month •— • 65c
WEEKLY CALL, One Year ••••• 1 - 00
All postmasters are nnthorlzed to receive .
subscriptions.
Sample copies will be forwarded when requested.
Man subscribers In ordering change of address should be
particular to give both NEW AND OLD ADDRESS in order
to Insure s prompt and correct compliance with their request.
OAKLAND ' OFFICE X118 Broadway
C. GEORGE KROGIfESS. ,
Kutagtr Foreign Adrertitiag, Ktrqtett* Building, Chlcigo.
(Lone Distance Telephone "Central 2613.")
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT: Si
C. C. CARLTOX Herald Square
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
STEPBCE3T D. SMITH, i ....'. .^O Tribune Bulletin sr
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS:
Waldorf -Aetoria, Hotel; A. Brentano. SI Union Square;
Murray HU1 HcteL
v CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Enerman House; P. O. News Co.; Great Northern Hotel;
Fremcnt House; Auditorium Hotel.
IVASHrVGTOJff <I>. C.) OFFICE... 14A6 O St., X. W.
MORTON E. CRANE, Correspondent.
BRAXCH OFFICES— 527 Montgomery, corner of Clay, open
until 9:80 o'clock. 800 Hayes, open until 9:30 o'clock. 633
McAllister, open until 8:30 o'clock. 615 Larkln. open until
»:30 o'clock. 1941 Mission, open until 10 o'clock. 2261 Market,
comer Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock. 1096 Valencia, open
until 9 o'clock. 10« Eleventh, open until 9 o'clock. NW.
corner Twenty-second and Kentucky, open until 9 o'clock.
1200 FiTlmore. oppn until 9 p. m.
rifice protection' to .' other industries' for ". the sake . of
obtaining trade advantages for manufacturers j to go
over the arguments that won the battle for protection
against the free traders so short a time ago. ,, They wili
find that the battle was won only because the protec
tive principle was; applied universally to American in
dustries. .If by reciprocity, treaties our rural industries
are to be sacrificed,' the farmers, will: not long remain
supporters of protection [ for i manufacturers. I The re
ciprocity treaty-with France has* not been held up 1 in
the Senate for nothing." Its unfairness has-been recog
nized by 'the .people "and',the~ protests Vagainst it have
been vigorous. That sort of/reciprocity would soon
undermine 'the whole protective system, and manu
facturers would suffer.with the rest.
exports in • the - same year * to £481,856.
There has been a steady Increase of ton
nage, five-sixths beins British,* during the
past ten years, the figures being In ISSa:
Entered; 128.791 tons: cleared, ' 126,658 tons.
The revenue of the colony . has - been
making enormous strides during the past
three years, oving principally to the ab
sence of any severe - hurricane,' the reve
nue In 1SS9 being £98,621, and tjhe expendi
ture £95,567. Of the total revenue £50.000
¦was' derived from customs. .-- .
: ' . Copyright, 190L
:O". . • " ' ' " ' * \ •' ¦¦'¦ '
X VH.— THE F IJT ISI«A2n>S.
The San Francisco^Gall^
Prepared by- Experts and Specialists for
How :the Fijian Natives Are Governed arid
Protected Under an Almost Ideal
- Britisli System.
By Morgan.;! Finuoane, 2S/I. "R.. O. 7 S. -E.
MEDICAL. DIRECTOR OF THE COLONY.
PAPERS ON CURRENT TOPICS.
THE Post-Intelligencer. of Seattle, rejoicing *in
the claim^bf Tacoma ; tb commercial supremacy
on Puget Sound, joins the press of that city
in its claim that San Francisco is decadent as a com
mercial arid financial center. . We have no' desire to
magnify the energy of San Francisco, nor to mini
mize any lack of it that : may appear in ourcommer-'
cial statistics. The -Pacific Coast, must have a grow-'
ing commerce, divided among > the cities of the
Sound, of Oregon and of California. We are per;
suaded thaf no matter with what others that trade
will be shared, this city will always hold to it all. the
same relation that New York does to the commerce of
the Atlantic. There will be Bostons, ';. Baltimores, \
Charlestons, Savannahs and Galvestons.on this west
coast, we hope, but San Francisco,, by reason of con
ditions admitted by the : Seattle paper, ..will always
hold her commercial and financial primacy. Conced
ing that our inward and outward commerce far ex
ceeds that of the combined Sound ports, the/ Post--
Intelligencer points out that its volume is in part due
to our handling the through traffic in addition to the
export of our own products and the import of the re
turn exchange.
It says: "By far the greater portion of the sail
tonnage of Puget Sound, which is generally in excess
of that of San Francisco, is devoted to carrying our
exports of lumber, flour and wheat, all articles of do
mestic production. Every dollar received from- this
export trade is a dollar added to the wealth of the
State, distributed to local producers and to local la
bor. While less in actual value than cargoes of mer
chandise, each of those cargoes means the distribu
tion of more money at home than is received from
handling many cargoes of exports of other cities,
which merely p£ss through Pacific ports on the way
to Asia." * - •
That is a proper statement of a wholesome condi
tion, which we hope will wax and not wane on the
Sound. The lasting commercial prosperity of any
point of exchange and distribution must depend upon
the immediate productive zone of which it receives
the commercial drainage. In stating the case of the
Sound ports that of San Francisco is also stated.
The total exports of the Puget Sound ports in 1900
were $17,829,232, and those of San Francisco were
$39,487,246. Of wheat, barley, wheat flour, fish; fruits,
leather, dairy products, vegetables and lumber, all do
mestic products, in the above amounts,, the exports
stood:
San Francisco.. ?20,054,4S5
Puget Sound 7,313,199
These domestic products were over fifty per cent of
San Francisco's total export and were a little more
than forty per cent of the total export of Puget
Sound. "*
San Francisco shipped also 2863 carloads of brandy
and wine by sea, but as we have not the value they
are not included. This city shipped no lumber, that
export going entirely from Eureka. It will be seen,
then, that accepting the Seattle statement that com
mercial prosperity is measured by the percentage of
local products handled, San Francisco is able to make
as good a showing as she does in her total inward
and outward trade. ¦
In the same matter the showing by the Sound ports
is highly commendable. But California will always
probably have an advantage in that respect for cli
matic and physical reasons. The forests of the north
are destroyed by the very. processes which make their
product the large figure-?! they are in Puget Sound
exports, while the fertility of our soil, the clemency
of our climate and the productiveness of our waters
are permanent qualities.
COMMERCIAL COMPARISONS.
\iKi!i »AN FRA?NCISCOV CAL
6
Group of Fiji School Girl*
AUCTION SALES.
By Fred Chase— Thursday. June 13, at 11 a. m., at 1732 Mar-
ket street. Horses. '»
Call subscribers contemplating a change ml
residence during tbe summer months can bar*
their paper fom-arded by mall to tbelr nerr
addresses by notifying; Tbe Call Business Office.
Tfcl« p&*>cr will also be on sale at all summer
r»»orn and Is represented by a local aa-eat la
aU to we* «n tbe coast.
TO SUBSCRIBERS LEAYING TOWI FOR THE SUMHEB.
THR HITCHCOCK SCHOOL FOR
.YOUNG MEN AND BOYS,
• -, . SAN RAFAEL. CAL. * * \>
"Military Drill; ; Christmas' 'Term Begins^
August 14th. J -
; . ' . , REV. C. r HITCHCOCK.' . Prlncl pal.
MISS M. G. BARRETT'S
SHORTHAND ACADEMY, '
- 302 'Montgomery st., San Francisco. ' Cal. - ,
Lessons personally or by mall. Acknowledged by
official reporters, "best teachers., best system."
Ml" LS COLLEGE AND SEMINARY.
COXFERS DEGREES AND GRANTS Di-
plomas; seminary, course accredited to 'the
Universities; rare opportunities offered In mu-
sic, -art and elocution; thirty-sixth year; fall
term opens , Aug. 7, 1301. Write for catalogue
to MRS. C. . T. MILLS. Prea., Mills College
P. ' O.. CaL ¦ . . . - . •- . ".
Leading Business College of the West.
24 Post st,* San Francisco, Cal. . i
Established nearly 40 years.
- -"Write for SO- page catalogue (free).
AMUSEMENTS.
Central— "Jim the Westerner."
Tivoli— "The Toy Maker."
Orpheum— Vaudeville.
Columbia— "Darcy of the Guards."
Alcazar — "For Bonnie Prince Charlie."
Grand Opera-house — "The Empress Theodora."
California— "A Parisian Romance."
Olympla, corner Mason and Eddy streets— Specialties.
Chutes, Zoo and Theater — Vaudeville every afternoon and
evenins.
Fischer 1 s— Vaudeville.
Sutro Baths— Swimming.
Emeryville Racetrack— Races to-day.
CALIFORNIA BUSINESS COLLEGE.
; A THOROUGH SCHOOL.. •
• Progressive, ?¦ exceedingly thorough, finely
equipped departments; positions tor Kraduatea.
305 Larkln st. Illustrated catalogue.
• •».-- :R-.L. DURHAM. .President,Ends His Life After a Spree.
STOCKTOX, June 10.— J. P. Anderson,
a Swedish laborer, hanged himself this
morning after a spree. He was about 40
years of age and leaves a wife, son and
daughter in Sweden. ¦
May.
¦WASHINGTON, June 10.— The following
orders were issued to-day: Postofflce es
tablished: Oregon— Miles, Baker County,
"William Miles Postmaster. — Postmaster
appointed: Washington— G. L. Brown,
Chautauqua, Kin? County, vice C. S.
Sinsbaugh, resigned.
The receipts of the Postofflce at San
Francisco during May, 1901; were $34,609,
an increase of $10,752 over May, 1900.
The following pensions were Issued to
day; California: Original— Marsena P.
Stcne, Gilroy, $6; Hudson E. Smith, Santa
Ana, $6. Additional— Alfred B. Chapman,
Redondo, $12; John Ryan, Soldiers' Home,
Los Angeles, ?10; Melancthon O.-McLain,
Oakland, $12. Restoration and increase —
Winfleld S. Reiter, dead. Redlands, $12.
Increase— Thomas Ruxton, San Francisco,
$10. Original widows— Sarah E. Pfeiffer,
Capltola, $8; Irene Reiter, Redlands, $8;
Margaret C. Grant, San Jose, $8. War
with. Spain, original— Patrick C. Mul
queeney, Soldiers' Home, Los Angeles, $17.
Teamster Struck by a Train.
BURLINGAME, June 10.— The north
bound Southern Pacific train from San
Luis Qbispo collided with a wagon. driven
by an old teamster named Halser. at 3:30
o'clock this afternoon. The wagon was
demolished, but the driver and horses
escaped with slight injuries. Halser had
been hauling gravel for the county road.
He had to pass the railroad track at a
temporary crossing and did not hear the
warnings sounder by Engineer Taylor.
9 •
Aged Hollister Pioneer Bead.
HOLLISTER, June 10.— Thomas L..
Baldwin, a retired capitalist, died to-day,
aged Tfr years. He came to California in
1S50 and was prominent in early days In
Trinity County. He resided in Hollister
for thirty-two vears."
Large Increase in Receipts • of San
Francisco Postoffice During
OF INTEREST TO PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC ; SLOPE
Hallam has only been In Santa Monica
since last August He has lived. at Coro
nado .and claims to have been an Episco
palian minister in India for sixteen years.
The Rev. Mr. Hallam declares that he
persuaded Brown, the boatman, to spread
the report of his death, and then disap
peared with the Intention of startling: his
congregation of St. Augustlne-by-the-
Sea by rising from the dead, as it were,
on Sunday and appearing suddenly In
their midst.
LOS ANGELES, June lO.-The Rev.'
Arthur Hallam of Santa Monica, whose
simultaneous arrest and reported drown
fngf Induced the authorities to suspect a
plot to defraud the Insurance companies,
has appeared again at Santa Monica and
says the escapade was a practical joke.
The story that there was a heavy insur
ance on his life is said to be without
foundation. . \
Hallam Proposed to "Rise
From the Dead" in His
Church.
Santa Monica Clergy
man Tells Why He
.Disappeared. .
JUST TO SCARE
A CONGREGATION
Wherever the American flag is raised in
token of sovereignty. It stands for liberty and
independence. What the flag is to the nation,
Hostetter's Stomach Bitters. Is to the indi
vidual. It gives you freedom and protection
from your ailments. When your stomach gets
out of order, causing dyspepsia, Indigestion
and biliousness, or when you are nervous and
unable to Bleep you should try it. It will
strengthen your stomach, steady your nerves
and induce sound sleep.
What Our Flag Stands For.
STOCKTON. June 10.— John P. Ander
son committed suicide to-day by hanging
himself by a strap to a water pipe in a
tai.khouse in this city. He gained per
mission last night tp sleep In the house,
which is owned by Mrs. Mongunson. This
morning the woman visited the tankhouse
Rnd found Anderson hanging. Anderaon
had been working on the Sonora road and,
was despondent.
Hangs Himself From a Pipe.
Orders Issue of Death Warrant.
TACOMA, Wash., June 10.— The Su
preme Court decided that It could not pass
nn the Rand law, which does not go Into
effect until June 14, and, therefore, a writ
tit mandamus is granted, directing the
Superior Court to issue a death warrant
for Boyce. There was a dissenting opin
ion, the court being divided and only a
majority. of one in favor of granting the
writ.
SAN JOSE, June 10.— August Rathbone,
the old rancher balling from San Jose,
who was lest' for a time in New York
City yesterday, is well known in San
Jose. He was ft. pioneer of the State and
Lad lived here for many years. Several
n-onths ago his home in the San Felipe
valley was destroyed by fire and his wife.
who was slightly demented, was burnei
to death. Rathbone, who is 78 years of
age, disposed of all of his property be
fore leaving here, and was on his way
ij Rhode Isl&nd, where he intends to
make bis home.
'Lost" Rancher Well Known Here.
SAN JOSE. June 10.— The various Odd
' Fellow lodges of Santa Clara County are
determined to secure the Odd Fellows'
home, which is to be removed from
ThermaHto. for this city. The Gra.nd
I.odPfc decided to locate it on the White
tract, near here, provided the land was
given to them free of debt before October
I. There are 103 acres in the property and
the price is $20,000. So far $10,000 1 has been
raised, and committees have been ap
pointed to raise the balance among citi
zens. Several schemes are on foot for
raising the coin, one of which -is to give
a grand ball at the Rose Carnival pavil
ion on the evening of July 3.
ODD FELLOWS RAPIDLY
RAISING THE MONEY
Be Irrigated.
TACOMA. Wash., Jur.e 10.— It is be
iieved that tens of thousands of acres of
<>«rt lands lying along the Columbia and
f;:::,ke rivers can be irrigated by means
i i a new current water motor invented
by Lr. Nelson G. Blalock, the Walla
\\'ulla millionaire, who has made a for
luiie in developing and operating irrigated
!andf. I-ast wevk his n^w current wheel
nu placed in operation between two
UiTKd barges on the Columbia River, near
P.';;. look Island, which has been purchased
by a pynBieate comprising Dr. Blalock,
lofan Finch, Dr. Wright and Dr. C. P.
¦J'h.-rr.as.
The test has been satisfactory. In a
current of four miles an hour the wheel
i i< j v«iied GOO gallons of water per minute,
po-.iring the same into a flume, whence it
is carried upon land. Other wheels are
to be built to increase the water supply.
Previously invented current wheels have
tilled to work successfully in a current
;is slow as that of the Columbia or Snake
livers at low water. A year ago Blalock
Island was a desert. To-day part of It Is
i.lanted to fruit, wheat, rye and alfalfa,
fho success of the water-wheel means
1'iiat it and other islands will be speedily
lultivated for their entire length.
KAKES LA2JD FERTILE
WITS A WATER WHEEL
Prospect That Much Arid Territory
in the Ncrth-srest Will Soon
SAN JOSE. June 10.— Captain W. A.
N'^vilis^lhe well-known mining man, was
:<>-<lay given a judgment by Judge Hyland
•vcainst Charles M. and Samuel M. Ehort
ri.igt for $27,922. Against this is an offset
->t S2500 allowed for legal services per
lormeci by Samuel M. Shortridge.
'Ihe suit has been bitterly fought, and
accepted the attention of the court here
for about three years. The indebtedness
Lo Nevills was incurred some years ago,
v. lie:- the Shortridgres borrowed some
jafl.OOC from the millionaire. There were
i .vo notes given atid when they became
iue in Ayril. lh9S. land in Arizona was
rar.sferred to Nevills as part payment on
l 5-iCu/O'j note, and later the furniture of C.
M. Shortridge's house in San Francisco
.vas applied to the same purpose. A
?rr-dit of J31.627 was given for the ranch
-•roperty artd $7000 for the furniture.
Evevllla then brought suit for the balance
2ue him. which, with interest, amounted
to over $30,000.
tamuc-1 M. Shortri<5ge entered a counter
rlaim for $15,000 for legal services, and the
r->im was also made that a higher credit
should be allowed on the property turned
:ver. This claim of the attorney was
reduced to S2500 by to-day's decision, and
the court held there is still $27,922 due
KcrtUs on the two notes from which the
fee will be deducted.
Court Decides Nevills Suit and Al
lovrs One Defendant Money for
Legal Services.
JUDGMENT IS RENDERED
AGAINST SHORTRIDGES
SACRAMENTO, June 10.— The auditing
board to the Commissioners of Public
Works at a meeting here this afternoon
decided to advertise for bids for the-re
moval of 100 snags from the Sacramento
River In order to improve the navigability
of the upper stream. It was also decided
to improve the outlet of Cache Slough.
Will Remove the River Snags.
SACRAMENTO, June 10.— Governor
Gage this afternoon reappointed Dr. F.
W. Hatch to the position of General Su
perintendent of the State Hospitals. Dr.
Hatch is an expert on insanity and has
been closely identified with the manage
ment of the State asylums for the insane
fo.r several years.
Governor Reappoints Dr. Hatch.
TACOMA, Wash., June 10.— P. B. Corn
wall, the California millionaire, has un
dertaken the development of the coal re
sources of Whatcom County tributary
to the Belllngham Bay and British Colum
bia Railway, which he owns. He has en
gaged R. B. Symington, a coal expert, to
use a diamond drill in prospecting coal
fields along Cornell Creek and In other
places where good coal outcroppings are
found. Cornwall has Interests in these
fields, and according to Symington Is very
enthusiastic about them.
Cornwall Searching for Coal.
BAKERSFIELD, June 10.— According to
those in a position to know, a number of
the biggest oil producers in Kern County
have determined to shut down their wells
until* the price of oil advances to a higher
figure. In other words, the producers
hope to force the market by limiting the
supply. Those that have contracts to
be rilled will purchase the oil now being
offered by the smaller companies at 25
cents a barrel. Those who feel that they
must sell at any figure will accept 25
cents and it is expected that by the action
of these producers in selling where there
is but little production, the supply will
be so limited that the price will soon
Jump to 50 cents.
duced Until the Demand
Increases.
Supply in Kern County to ' Be Re-
VENTURA, June 10.— The Railroad
Commissioners and their families were
entertained here this evening for one
hour. The party was met at the Califor
nia-street depot and driven to the old
mission, then around the city. At the
mission gardens they picked lemons,
grape fruit, flowers and olive branches.
A four-horse hay wagon passing by Was
pressed Into service for the forty commis
sioners. The drive was greatly enjoyed.
The party was highly pleased with the
delightful manner in which they were re
ceived. From the time they arrived until
tht-Sr departure the praises of Blackstock
and Ventura were sounding around the
city. _
OWNERS OF OIL WELLS
WILL FORCE THE PRICE
Wagon.
and Then Ride in a Big Hay
Commissioners See the Old Mission
VENTURA WELCOMES " ; i: " -
THE RAILROAD MEN
Waldron was an Eastern boy and 16
years old. He was very popular with
both officers and crew.
As the boys failed to return to the ship,
a steam launch was ordered to look for
them. It brought the boys and barge
back to the Alert.
VALLEJO, June 10.— Sunday afternoon
a dozen apprentices of the crew of the
Alert went out for a sail in one of the
ship's barges. While sailing through Car
quinez Straits a squall struck the barge,
and she capsized. Nine of the boys suc
ceeded in climbing on the bottom of the
capsized boat and the other three tried to
swim to the beach. Two succeeded, but
the third, named A. E. Waldron, became
exhausted and sank.
aster in Carquinez Straits and
One Is Drowned.
Naval Apprentices Meet With Dis-
CLING FOB THEIR LIVJS
TO OVERTURNED BOAT
The other indictment is for perjury and
the name of the defendant has been with
held pending his arrest.
Dave Musto. a saloonkeeper, and James
Kelly, a iocal Democratic politician,
were arrested on indictments charging
them with violation of the election laws.
At the last State and county election,
Musto. Kelly, and a man named Kennedy,
now said to be in San Francisco, were
officers; on the election board in the Sec
•nd Precinct of the First Ward. After
closing the polls Musto. Kelly and Ken
nedy are alleged to have left the ballots
and returns scattered about the polling
place. Musto and Kelly are in jail.
sheriff Sibley left to-night for San Fran
cisco to arrest Kennedy.
At a subsequent trial of Ennis, Attorney
Carpenter took the witness stand and
*wore that the confession of Stennett was
false. The District Attorney then threat
ened in open court to charge Attorney
Carpenter with perjury, and the latter re
taliated bv- commencing suit against the
District A^Korney for 510,000 damages for
blander. All parties were given a hear
ing before the Grand Jury and the result
was the indictments.
A. H. Carpenter, a well-known attor
ney, was arrested on two indictments,
one charging perjury and the other subor
nation of perjury. He gave bail in the
.sum of SGOU and was released. The per
jury charges against Carpenter, Ennis
and Davis grew out of the famous LodI
hog cases. Ennis, Davis and Jack Sten
nett were arrested last winter for the
wholesale theft of hogs and other live
stock from farmers near Lodi. Attorney
Carpenter defended them. The testimony
of Stennett, while corroborated by that
at Ennis and Davis, was so at variance
with the facts in the cases that District
Attorney Ashley ordered Stennett ar
rested on a charge of perjury while the
latter was on the witness stand. Sten
nett weakened in the jail. and. under the
District Attorney's promise to exempt
him from -prosecution, confessed a whole
sale conspiracy of perjury. He stated
that Attorney Carpenter had coached him
vnd the two oth^r defendants in the lies
that they later swore to on the stand.
STOCKTON. June 10.— The Grand Jury
this afternoon returned eight indict
ments, five for perjury and three for vio
lation of the election iaws. Warrants
were at once given the Sheriff and three
of the accused men were arrested within
an hour. Two of the Indicted men, Arthur
Ennis and Paul Davis, are now serving
icrms for petty larceny in the local jail.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Violation of Election Laws
and Perjury Alleged
Offenses. v
Eight Men Indicted in
Stockton and Ar- ;
rests Made.
JURY CHARGES
SERIOUS CRIME
LOS ANGELES, June 10.— "You say that
freight rates of the railroad^are reason
able, do you, Mr. Sproule?" asked Inter
state Commerce Commissioner Prouty of
the general traffic manager of the South
ern Pacific Railroad at the hearing to-day.
"They are more than reasonable," said
the official, and then he proceeded to show
how, in his opinion, the railroad in every
case gives the benefit of the lowest pos
sible rate to the shipper.
The case at issue was that of the Red
Cloud Mining Company, S. P. Creasinger,
president, versus the Southern Pacific
Railroad. Judge Prouty of the Interstate
Commerce Commission was In the State
as a member of the party of State Rail
road Commissioners now on their home
ward way, and as this case was up for a
hearing he decided to take testimony and
sat for that purpose In the Federal
Court's room in the Tajo building.
The case did not differ materially from
that which was brought up by San Ber
nardino merchants some months ago and
was decided adversely to that city a few
days since. Several months ago the Red
Cloud Mining Company bought a carload
of machinery in Erie, Pa., which it had
shipped to Salton, on the Colorado des
ert. Mr. Creasingrer claimed that when he
ordered the shipment made he was told
at Assistant Passenger and Freight Agent
Luce's office that the road would deliver
the freight at Salton as cheaply as any
road would deliver it in Los Angeles. This
evidence was denied by Mr. " Ochsiltree,
Luce's private clerk, with whom the con
versation, regarding the shipment of the
machinery occurred. It was on this issue
that Sproule was called to the stand and
gave an interesting statement of the rail
road's position in the matter.
While it was the simple task of Judge
Prouty to take evidence in the case, ren
dering no opinion, which can only be
given by a majority of the commissioners,
the fact that he showed that the schedule
rate must be paid according to the Su
preme Court decision, regardless of any
other rate quoted, and the further fact
that in the San Bernardino case the same
issue was raised and decided against the
side now taken by the Red Cloud Mining
Company, left the representatives of that
company rather disappointed with the
prospects.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Interstate Commerce Com
missioner Hears Red
Cloud Case.
Southern Pacific Official
Testifies in Los
Angeles.
DECLARES RATES
ARE REASONABLE
THE SAy FRANCISCO CALL^TTOSSPAY, JUNE 1 1, 1901.
7
PAR AISG
HOT SPRINGS.
A grotto. 1400 feet up In the coast range,
overlooking the broad Salinas Valley; free
from fog and winds;, pure dry balmy air;
equable temperature: seven miles stage from
Soledad: hot and cold soda and sulphur baths;
tub and plunge; special bathhouses for ladles;
massage treatment; cement swimming tank,
80x60; hunting and fishing; all popular games;
hotel,' cottages and grounds Illuminated by gas;
tel%pbone and P. O. : round-trio ticket $S. C.
T. ROMIE. prop. : ' J. O. VALPET. manager.
- . ¦ .. . *
....NAPA...' ¦ Napa County.
|S0 DA SPRINGS Cal »
THE MOST BEAUTIFUL OF ALL
health resorts. . . ,
Rates S10 to $15 per week. Two trains dally,
foot of Market street, 7 a. m. and 4 p. m.
For further Information address
A. DOLLMANN. Proprietor.
YOSEMITE VALLEY,
BIG OAK FLAT AND TOSEMITB STAGE
CO. — Running, directly through the Tuolumne
Big Tree Grove. Round trip from San Fran-
cisco $32. Round trip ' from Stockton $27.
Staging. 2% hours first afternoon end 9 hours'
next day. arriving at Tosemite Valley 5 p. m.
Send for Illustrated folder. WM. ¦ J. WHITE,
Gen'l Agent, C30 Market st.. opposite Palace
Hotel. S. F.: tel. Black $571. . ¦ .
MARK Uf EST
J 1 SI SPRINGS
. Healthiest •• and best climate, prettiest place
in all California; lots amusement; fine walks;
all mineral waters. Rates, $10 and $12 per
JJfek. Open May IS. Circulars at city office,
913 La* kin St.. S. t f .¦ DRURY & KEOEGEIL
CAMELLI1
For ths complexion. Indispensable for the
Mountains and Sea Shore. Prevents and re-
moves tan. sunburn and infection from Poison
Oak. Indorsed by the medical profession. At
all druggists.
CAPITOLA
The seaside resort of Central, California, on
Monterey bay. Opens June 1st Free Booklet.
R. M. BRIARE. manager hotel; FRANK
REANIER. superintendent camp. Capltola, Cal.
p"™™"^™"^~ THE NEW BUILDINGS AND
Hni T r r T"SI Beautiful Grounds at Holtt's
nul " ° Ech<jpl will be open to summer
JHENLO guests during June and July.
Superior • climate, excellent
PARK. table; reasonable prices. Ad-
*-"-« IRA G. HOITT.
ORCHARD SPRINGS £&SS
In the Fcxr-Vill. of tha Sierra N.»ad» Mountains, near Colf.i, on
C. P. R. R,, 136 rotln from San Francisco, do it agio; Plain.
quiet retreat; finrtt Kenery, water, mountain air. frait and climate
(a California. Idaal forest, crnnndi and larroondliin. (3 a week.
Send fur booklet. ORCHARD SPRINGS, Coliax, CaL
KLAMATH HOT SPRINCS. !
Finest fishing, hunting and health resort on
the coast. Climate perfect. On Klamath River.
Rates, $2 and $2 50 per day; $10 to, $14 per week.
Call Traveler Office, 20 Montgomery St.. or
address EDSON BROS., Beswick, SIsklyou
County, Cal. -
RUBICON PARK,
A delightful summer resort on the shore of
Lake Tahoe. Everything new. ¦ Best beach for
bathing on the lake, i Fishing and hunting.
Boats, fishing tackle and saddle horses at mod-
erate hire; $2 per day, or $10, $12 and $14 per
week. Postofflce, telephone. A. L. FROST,
Rubicon Park. Lake Tahoe. Cal.
POINT ARENA HOT SPRINCS.
Greatly improved. New cottages, large hall, ,
pianos, billiard, pool and other games; every-
thing new: $7 per week. Round trip by stmr.
Point. Arena. $7. Inquire at Beadle Bros.*. 34
Mission, and N. P. R. R. Co.. 14 Sansome St.,
or of DR. W. A. McCORNACK, Point Arena,
Cal. ' . • .
¦>PINE KNOLL."
Beautiful mansion house and magnificent
grounds, situated In foothills, one and a half
miles from St. Helena. Table unsurpassed.
Terms reasonable. Address P. O. box So, St.
Helena. Cal. • •'•"-¦
; MOUNTAIN HOME.
In the Santa Cruz Mountains. .Health, pleas-
ure, fishing, hunting and " swimming; good
table: guests at home; never fall to come back
again: send for souvenir. VIC PONCELET,
Llagas. ¦ .
_________
Or less will cover all expenses of • a 10 days'
trip to Tosemite. Curry's Office. 630 Market
.' t -' B - 1 * YOSEMITE!!
CAMP. CURRY - '
Makes it possible for you. to spend a week or a
month In Tosemite without exhausting all your
resources. Rates. $12 per week; $45 per month.
Office 630 Market st.
YOSEMITE I I *\'t
GOOD FELLOWS' HOME,
AMID THE MOUNTAINS OF MENDO-
clno.: Visit this quiet little resort for
*olid comfort For ¦ particulars apply to > S.
6TRATTOV. 8 Eighth street. City. . .
IT IS NEVER TOO LATE TO ENJOT GOOD
HEALTH 'ANT, PLEASURE AT. THE COZT
SARATOGA SPRINGS.
S. MARTENS, Prop.,' Bachelor P. O., Lake Co.
Will ftW DAW"H f° rmer -proprietor' XT.
WiLLUTT nAflvli^Crandell— A summer horns
in the •• redwoods; 5 miles from . Santa . Crua:
running water, swimming, • croquet, abur.dancu
of fruit, -home cooking: table speaks for Itself.
For particulars. TULET & ILIF*'., Santa Crux
jriHANNISB R RG.
First-class ¦ family resort In the Napa red-
woods. Exhilarating - air, i hunting, fishing,
swimming and boating. Terms reasonable. In-
quire THEO. BLANCKENBUBG JR.. Prop.,
Oakville, Napa Co.; cr The Traveler's Bureau,
20 Montgomery et." " . V . t
~~~ « BELLEVU E , H OTEL.
¦P.'O. EL VERANO, Cal., Veranp 'Station
(Kings Crossing)), on California : Northwestern
Railway."-' Hot mineral . baths near by. ' Terms.
SI per day and upward. PETER GOUILHAR-
DOU. : lessee. ¦ .. . .: - - ¦¦ \. ' j ' .. -
'.WHITE SULPHUR SPRINGS.
-Two miles from St. Helena..- Board and room.
S7a week; camping privileges, $1 50 per week.
Address "WVW.McCORMICK. r St. Helena. ¦:
rilllJ TA VI AD Cottages,' camping, fishing;
LAIlir lAILUft 23 miles from S. F.: In. tha
redwoods.' * Call Traveler, office, 20 Montgomery
street, or address H. \ Q. ; MARTIN. Proprietor.
: >-;'-hoi;for the geysers.;*;
Via C. r C. 'j' Fdss'- Stage - Line from i Callstoga.
The scenlo route. ' Livery, in connection. . C C.
FOSS,: Proprietor, Callstc-sa. - Cal. ?- < - >*. ; j : J
ADVEETISEMENTS.
CAMP REVERIE,
IN THE
RUSSIAN RIVER REDWOODS.
NOW OPEN.
"In All California
No Place Like This."
An Outing
On, a New Plan.
Camp Reverie, on the Guernevllle Branch of
the California Northwestern Railway, is prac-
tically a hotel under canvas. Accommodations
— tent and board — by the day or by the week.
There will be addresses by distinguished -people
In the mornings, and specially arranged enter-
tainments — musical, literary, etc. — for the even-
ings.
RUN U? FOR A DAY.
Run Up Saturday and Return Sunday or
J Monday,
Run Up and Back on Sunday,
and see for yourself— "In All California No
Place Like This."
Round trip from San Francisco only {2.50.
Take boat at Tiburon Ferry. Call on or address
Camp Reverie Association, Room 81, Flood
Bids., San Francisco, for particulars and book-
lets; or write Camp Reverie Association, P. O.
Forestville, Sonoma County, Cal. Booklets may
also be had at the ticket offices of the Califor-
nia Northwestern Railway. ¦
SANTA CATALINA ISLAND.
3V4 Hours' Ride From Los Angeles,' Cal.
GREATEST ATTRACTIONS IN THE WEST.
Third Annual Rod and Reel Fishing Tour-
nament, auspices the "Tuna Club.'*
Eighth Season of our Famous Marina Band.
The Society Resort.
The Sportsman's Paradise.
HOTEL METROPOLE and COUNTRY CLUB
always open. Golf and Tennis Tournaments.
IDEAL CAMP LIFE.
For full information, hotel rates, unique ar-
rangements for camping and illustrated pam-
phlets, apply to •
E. C. PECK, Agent,
r*r" . 10 Montgomery -St.. San Francisco.
Or BANNING CO..
¦JH South Spring St.. Los Angeles. CaL
t\tfmr\r%r\ HOT springs, sonoma
\k Xl/viVA Co.; only 4H hours from
UAni/VU San Francisco: but 9 miles
staging: waters noted for
medicinal virtues: beet natural bath In Stats;
good trout streams; telephone, telegraph, dally
mail and express; first-class hotel and stage
service; morning and afternoon stages; round
trip from 8. F. only $5 50. Take Tiburon ferry
nt 7:30 a. m. or 3:30 p. m. Terms. $2 a day or
$12 a week. References — Any guest of the past
six years. Further information at Traveler of-
fice, 20 Montgomery St., or of J. F. MUL-
GREW. Skaggs. Cal. -
GILROY
HOT
Trains leave Third and Townsend streets at
9 a. m. and 2:45 p. m. dally. For rates and
Illustrated pamphlets address P. ROBERT-
SON, * > ropj_____ ¦ ¦
HOTEL GENEVA,
' AND COTTAGES,
BAUSALITO. Only 30 minutes from the city;
most beautiful location and marine view: an
unexcelled summer and winter resort: table
•uid - service of tha best.
W. O. GRAHAM.
Late of Hotel Mateo. Manager.
LAUREL DELL LAKE
MOST ATTRACTIVE PLACID IN ' LAKE
County to spend a vacation. Boating,
bathing, bowling. . tennis, livery, new walks
end boats. Write for circular. EDGAR DUR-
NAN. Laurel Dell. Lake Co.. Cal. . ,-*
%kyrayftoyjprig$*
JS!W Three trains dally: 2% hours' ride. A.
Bettens, Mgr.. Byron Hot Epgs., Cal.
- Lombard & Co.,"S6 Geary street. City.
OWN A HOME MEEKER
Buy lots $10 up: cottages built by Meeker, (30
up: boating, bathing," tenting ground- free; saw-
mill, depot, store, postofflce at camp; board and
lodging $6: take Sausalito ferry, $3 round trip.
Address M. C. MEEKER, or H. M. GREGSON,
Camp Meeker. Sonoma County.
• SUMMER HOME FARM,'
SANTA CRUZ MOUNTAINS— FIRST-CLASS
family resort;, main hotel and cottages:
hunting and fishing; artificial lake for boating
and swimming; long-distance telephone; camp-
ers' return tickets. (2 50; open the year round.
Send for circulars.
J. H. HA KST5TP.3. Glenwood. Cal.
FERN BROOK PARK,
NILES CANTON, IS NOW OPEN FOR PIC-
nlcs or campers. Further information ad-
dress" J. B. BARNARD, Prop., Nlles, Cal.
Vb?' TOCALOMA. «JS? n
Bertrand Hotel; first-class . accommodations;
reasonable rates for families and parties; Ush- ,
ing, •bathing; beautiful drives to Bear Valley,
etc. JOSEPH F. BERTRAND, or Bulletin In-
formatlon Bureau, 233 Kearny St.. S. F.
GLENBROOK.
Various amusements. Large and small game.
Table and beds unsurpassed. Rates only $8 and
$10. Apply 20 Montgomery st or address O. W.
R. TREDWAT. Prop.. Glenbrook. Lake Co.. CaL
VACATION DAYS.
.Outing Suits in Homespun or'Golflngs; Jack-
ets silk lined, made to order only. Special for
the next SO days....... .-... 924 JiO
LESTER, Ladles' Tailor, 8 and 10 > Kearny | st.
; : ; VICHr" SPRINGS, **^ :
¦ The * only ; place In the United . States where
Vichy Water ¦; is ! abundant, t The only natural
Electric . . Waters ; • Champagne Baths ; ' Spring*
Numerous; Baths Unequaled. Three miles from
Uklah. J. A. REDEMETER &, CO.. ;
' .... : ;, ,.•> ;- Proprietors, j
DUNCAN SPRINGS,
- Two ¦ miles i from Hopland ; beat '¦ medicinal
waters : In I the State; ' fine hotel and first-class
table; rates $10 and' $12; housekeeping cottages,
O. HOWELL, Hcpland, Mendocino Co.. Cal. :¦
TOLLHOUSE.
PLEASANT ' ACCOMMODATIONS FOR :*A
. few : guests; ¦¦ mountain scenery; pure air.
$8 per : wt ; H. B. LAWLET. t Callstoga. CaL ,
If you want to
know where to
go this Summer
Call or write for
"VACATION 19O1"
This is a little book Just Issued by the Cali-
fornia Northwestern Railway Company, and is
profusely illustrated. It gives ramping loca-
tions, hotels and mineral spring resorts In
Marin, Sonoma, Mendocino and Lake counties.
Besides. It contains a list of about SCO farms
and homes where board during the summer
months can be procured at from $3 to $10 per ,
week. Ticket offices, 650 Market street (Chron-
icle building) and Tlburon Ferry. General of-
fice. Mutual Life building, Sansome and Cali-
fornia streets, San Francisco. R. X. RYAN,
General Passenger Agent. H. C WHITING,
General Manager. /
II Vendome I
Central California
San Jose is the central city of California, and
Hotel Vendome is Its most attractive feature.
Adjacent to Lick Observatory, New Almaden
Quicksilver Mine. Alum Rock Park and count-
less 'other attractions, reached over perfect
roads. Hotel thoroughly modern and first class
in every respect, with service unsurpassed.
Rates reasonable. For further Information call
at "Traveler" office. 20 Montgomery street, San
Francisco, or address
GEO. P. SNELL. Mgr.. San Jose. Cal.
highland
springs:
Only Three Hours' Staging
To the prettiest, healthiest, most restful plac*
la all California. Resident physician, sverr
comfort and amusement. Rate*— $10. $12. $H.
»15 and SIS per week. Call on LEE D. CRAIO.
Sit Montgomery «t., and se« photographs of
hotel and surroundings. W« tak» pleaaur* In
writing full particulars. Address CRAIO A
WARNER. i .
OR C CO'DONNBLL'S
MINERAL SPRINGS AT GLEN ELLEN,
the best camping, picnla and pleasuro r»-
eort on ths Coast. The greatest remedy for
lung disease, liver and stomach complaints,
rheumatism and catarrh In the wcrld; II
miles from 8. F. Ths S. P. R. R, and 3. F.
& N. P. R. R. give special rates to campers:
10 cottages and tents furnished: rent cheap:
no fogs nor, poison oak at the park; mineral
water, boats and bathing free. Inquire of DR.
C. C. CDONNELL. office l<m% Market, bet
Cth and 7th. 8. F. If yon want your health,
pleasure and loneevltv this is the place to go.
,. ANNOUNCEMENT !
To all persons desiring: a beautiful placa for
camping would say that Wardland Is situated
in Sonoma County. In the heart of the Giant
Redwoods. Campingr grounds are absolutely
free and only five minutes walk from the
depot. The climate is *quab!e and free from .
cold winds. An abundance of pure water, fish-
ing and hunting. Provisions easily secured
near camp grounds. Take North Pacific Coast
Railway to Freestone. Cal. Good accommoda-
tions assured. Family campers cannot do bet-
ter. For further particulars address I. T.
WARD, Freestone, Cal.
CALIFORNIA HOT. SPRINGS
Hot Springs, but not a sanitarium.
Formerly Agua Callente Springs. Sonoma
Valley. No staging: 48 miles via C. N. Ry.
or S. P. R. R. Immense swimming tank.
Splendid table. Come Sundays, try It. Round
trip, $1 10. Telephone, expensive improvements:
$12 and JR COOPER & SHEDDE.V, Asua
Callente. Cal. . |
•WILBUR HOT SULPHUR SPRINGS. «
Sulphur Creek. Colusa Co.. Cal., N miles bT
stage west of Williams; fare J2. Hottest and
strongest water on the Coast: temperature 143
deg. Cures rheumatism, dropsy, salt rheum,
¦kin £lseasea. neuralgia, liver and kidney com-
plaints, paralysis, mercury In system, dyspep-
sia, catarrh. Natural mud baths. New 2-story
hotel: fine new bathhouse. Board and lodging.
Including baths, $10 a week. WM. OELGEART.
.Proprietor. ". -' • ¦ .
LAUREL RANCH RESORT
S miles from station: beautiful view; moun-
tain scenery: good hunting, fishing In moan-,
tain streams: short distance from Geysen:
dally mall; 17 per week. Further particular*
address G. H. BLACK. Geyserville. Sonoma Co.
EL MONTE HOTEL.
First-class : family resort: climate unsur-
passed;' great relief for people with asthma; S3
miles from S. F.: fare $1 85; free '.bus. Particu-
lars at Traveler Office. 20 Montgomery st. or
of JOHN NEV.ILL. Proprietor. , Los Gatos.
; THE GEYSERS, g~
ONE OF NATURE'S WONDERS. NATT-
ral steam baths: swimming, fishing, hunt-
ing and livery. ¦ Write tar ¦ pamphUC - IV
WERTITETMER. manager. ¦ .
WHITE SULPHUR SPRINGS.
¦2H hours' ride from S. F.: 5 miles from Val-
lejo. Sulphur baths; cure rheumatism, neural-
gia, eczema, kidney, liver, stomach diseases.
Hotel and Cottages renovated. Lake for boatln?
and bathing. Dancing Pavilion. $8 to HO a week.
Special rates families. M.MADRID, ValleJo.Cal.
.-'¦ HOTEL RENVENUE. ¦
On ths shore of Clear Lake; homo cooking;
$7 ser week and upwards. F. and , A. M.
SCALES. Lakeport. ' Lake County. Cal. ; -. • ¦
LAKEPORT AND BARTLETT SPRINGS
, STAGE LI1IE-— Hopland. to Bartlett Springs,
.via Lakeport. carrying "passengers for Lake-
pert and Bartlett Springs. Stages connect
with trains at Hopland. Leave. Hopland at
12:30: arrive at Lakeport at 3:30; arrive at
Bartlett Springs at 7:30. New 6-horse 14-pas- 1
senger- tourist wagons, made to order for this
stage line, with all the most modern improve.
' ments. Passengers for Lakeport or Bartlett
' Springs call for tickets by Bartlett Springs
Stage Line.- ' " ,
MILLER & HOWARD. Proprietors.
l LAKE COUNTY.— New 19-passenger Yosemlta
; Stage, all outside seats. Leaves Callstoga
- dally (Sundays ezcepted) at 11:30 a. m.. direct
to- Harbin. Selgler, - Adams, Hov/ard, Ander-
' eon, Astorgs and Glenbrook; buy round- trip
tickets; half an hour for lunch at Callstoga:
also to Mlridletown. Lower Lake. Kelseyvllla
and Lakeport. 'WM. SPIERS. Proprietor.
LAGUNA FARM— 1H miles from Mt. Olivet
- station: boating, fishing, bathing; S3 per week.
"MRS. R BALLARD. Mt.-Otlvt. Snwoms Co
The Weekly Call
$1 pep Year*
FORTUNES
in CINNABAR
Bradford Quicksilver Mine,
San Bcnito County.
Silver Creek Quicksilver Mine,
'Santa Clara County.
Both mines are under one manaKement and
ownership. Now taking out ore that goes from
$12 to $800 per ton. Ore enough taken out and
developed In both mines to run furnaces for
over three years. We own 604 acres of land
all ! d for and title perfect, U. S. patent, and
ha> aad twenty years' experience in quicksil-
ver tninlne. We have hoisting works, black-
smith shops, bunk houses, boarding houses and
barns, all kinds of mining machinery and tools
teams; a shaft down at. the Bradford 260 ft. in
ore, and the largest ledge in any country; then
we have about 5000 ft. of tunnels and 1000 cords
of wood, cut for the furnaces, and at Silver
Creek a large Scott tile furnace is nearly com-
pleted, at a cost of $10,000, and we want to
erect another one immediately at the Bradford
mine, bo we offer the balance of the treasury
stock for this purpose for a short time only at
75c per 6hare for Silver Creek and 50c for Brad-
ford. No stock sold unless equal amount In
each is taken, and we guarantee that Silver
Creek stock will advance Inside of 30 days on
completion of furnace, and if as good a mine
as the Almaden Is actually worth $200 per
share. - H. R. BRADFORD,
Managing Owner,
7 North Market st, San Jose.
Prospectus and exhibits, at branch office, 413
Kearny st.. San Francisco. • .
. F. DE FREITAS. Agent.
FOR STOMACH DISORDERS,
GOUT and DYSPEPSIA,
f DRINK
Best NATURAL Alkaline Water.
-PALACE HOTELS
I Visitors to San Francisco who make
their headquarters at these hotels en-
Joy comforts and conveniences not to
be obtained elsewhere. Desirable loca-
tion, courteous attaches and unequaled
cuisine. American and European plans.
»»GRAND HOTEL-
AMUSEMENTS. .-.
BEIASCO a** TffALCS^plfSlF?
! mi 't t/rttm cmiuuA
( , ¦ ¦ ¦ . .
\ TO-NIGHT AND ALL THIS WEEK.
MATINEE SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
A • BIG HIT— The Fascinatinc Melodrama, .'
*11WI I New York Sun says: i
** * i9 - 1 _ mm "The best American
TfJp^- L play ever written." I
WESTERNER.
Uii.fLL. Evenings ...10c, 15c, 25c/, 85c. 50c
I illUlO Matinees......;.. :.v..10c. 15c, ,25c
Next Week— Nellie McHenry'u Great ' Success, '
"A NIGHT AT THE CIRCUS.".;
BOER WAR LECTURE '
At METROPOLITAN TEMPLE - TO-NIGHT,
June U. 8 p.m., by Comdt. JAN KRIGE. t Col.
THOS. F. BARRY will preside. \, Mayor Phelan/
Hon. P. T J. • Van Loben Sels : and ' other . promi-
nent ' citizens will.be on platform. Tickets at
Sherman & Clay's. (
ADVEBTISBMENTS.
BL-Em y» jj Urn s^^mB
H " M RE Warn I °"JS V & Vi^H
¦¦ Ey Cifl Km tfV
JgpRTEKS
' ' Positively cured « by these
Little Pills. j
They also relieve distress- from Dys-
pepsia, Indigestion v and Too Hearty
Eating. A perfect remedy for Dizzi-
ness, Nausea, Drowsiness, Bad Taste
in the Mouth. Coated Tongue, Pain b\
the Side, TORPID LIVER. They.
Regulate the Bowels. Eurely Vegetable
\ Small Pill. Small Dose.
Small Price.
A1L178EMENT8. .
1 '¦ ¦- tmmimJi . i ii— MauAg-4 IH I IIIIIIIS
THIS WEEK— LAST. TIMES!
ONLY jai m r t.«*.
Reserved— 25c and 50c.
GOOD-BY PERFORMANCES
' , OF THE FAVORITES. \
AIR. ,mM r -.S INEILL'
, And the NEILL Company.
BT SPECIAL REQUEST.
A PARISIAN
ROMANCE.
KIND PERMISSION OF .
• MR. RICHARD MANSFIELD.
EVENING 25c, 35c, 50c, 75c $1.00
LAST SATURDAY MATINEE 25c, 50c, 75c
VAUDEVILLE'S fllGB-WATER MARK.
EZRA KENDALL.
! GARDNER AND MADDERN, DOHERTY
SISTERS. THE TOBINS, SPENSER KEL-
LY,- HINES AND REMINGTON, FLOR-
ENCE BINDLEY, FLATT AND SUTHER-
LAND, THE EIOGRAPH.
Reserved Seats, 25c; Balcony, 10c; Opera
Chairs and Box Seats, 50c.
Matinees Wednesday, .Saturday and Sunday.
*T I WO L 1*^
"FIFTH WEEK. AND STILL THEY COME "
EVENINGS AT 8.
ALL THE CHILDREN WILL' RECEIVE
TOYS.
ANOTHER TOY SuUVENIR MATINEE
cn SATURD\Y, June 15th.
THE
POPULAR PRICES .......25c and 50o
Telephone — Bush 9. i
f* ft I 1 1 Mi EH A SA " ™C!SCO'S
vUkUIwBDlA LEADING THEATRE
OTTPPflOC! PLAY OTTPPPOa
MlllljPiflh PLAYERS Nl I.I.H.XH
uuuuuum production uuuuiauu
EVERY NIGHT-EXCBPT SUNDAY.
MATINEES WEDNESDAY AND SATURDAY.
HENRYMILLER
And a Strong Supporting; Cast in the new
¦ Romantic Play,
DAROY : *. GUARDS
A Story of 1777, by Louis Evan Shipman.
Next Week— Last Nights. of Miller Season.
CRAND'OPEPA HOUSE
'PROFESSIONAL 'MATINEE THURSDAY^
A Souvenir Photograph of Mr. MacDowell to
Every One Attending This Performance. .
Usual • Matinees . Saturday and Sunday.
. EVERY EVENING THIS ( WEEK.
Another Tremendous Hit, .
MELBOURNE MacDOWELL
Supported by FLORENCE STONE, in Sardou'B
; Wonderful Play,
"THE EMPRESS THEODORA!"
_ Most Elaborate Production in the City.
Popular ' Prices— 10c. 15c, 25c, EOc, 75c.
Good orchestra seat, all, matinees, 25c.
. Branch Ticket Office Emporium.
' ' '"
LAST WEEK OF
Florence Roberts
Supported by White Whittlesey. in Julia
Marlowe's Success,
For Bonnie Prince Charlie.
Orchestra, first 6 rows, 75c.
S. ONLY MATINETS SATURDAY.
Next Week— FLORENCE ROBERTS as
COUNfESS VALESKA.
RACING! RACING! RACING'!
> SPRING MEETING^-Opcning April . 2>.
CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUd.
OAKLAND RACETRACK.
Racing Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday Thurs-
day,- Friday and Saturday. Rain? or shine
• Five or, more races, each day. . : ¦. ..
Race3 start at 2:15 p.- m. -sharp. ¦ • .
Ferry-boats leave San Francisco at 12 m and
12:30, 1, 1:30, 2, 2:30 and 3 p. m., connecting
with trains stopping at the , entrance to the
track. Last , two cars on train reserved for
ladles and their escorts: no smoking. Buy your
ferry - tickets to Shell Mound, 'tn All trains via
Oakland mole connect with San . Pablo avenue
electric . cars at Seventh : and Broadway, Oak-
land. Also air trains via Alameda mole con-
nect with San Pablo avenue . cars at Four-
teenth and Broadway. Oakland. These electric
cars go. direct to the track in fifteen minutes
Returning — Trains leave the track at 4:15 and
4:45 p. m. and Immediately after the last race
, ! THOMAS H. WILLIAMS JR., Preaident '
R. B. MILROY. , Secretary, 1 v ,' . -
FISCHER'S concert house:
flOVnER O . Admission lOc. :
. CHARITY MARTIN, G. S. Wanrell, Matildit'a
and Ballet. Katherlne Krieg and Minnie Huff
Carrol, Graville and I Graham I and Sam I Hold-
worth. . ' . ¦ ¦ 'I ""¦¦..,"•¦•' :•--...»¦•.%.;--¦.¦.
Reserved Seats, 25c. , 'Matinee Sunday. :
SUTROBATH^.
.¦¦....OF»ENrNIGHXS/,;::
'.. :- . Open daily from.7 a/m. l to 11 p.,m.'* •
i Bathing i from. 7- a. •m.s to 10:30 p..m." ¦"-
ADMISSION. 10c.» .CHILDREN 5c. . J-
' Bathing, Including admission, 25c; children,' 20c." LONDON. June -10.— Atchlson, 88tf; Canadian
Pacific," 106%: Union Pacific preferred, 92%;
Northern Pacific -preferred, 100; Grand -Trunk,
11%; Anaconda, -9%; United States Steel, 50%;
do preferred, 100>4. , . - ¦."¦.)•¦ .". ,V - ..>
Bar. sliver' Steady; 27%d per dunce. ¦-,'¦'
Money, 1@V£ per cent.\ - - .
CLOSING.
ket perceptibly hardened. New York coming
etrong, but In the absence of support • quota
tions finally sagged again., The Stock Ex
change committee • fixed next Monday as the
date for buying in Northern Pacific. There
was very little Interest in the announcement,
as the short Interest has been practically elim
inated. The general underlying position .ot
the market Is regarded as very sound. Money
is, extremely easy. ¦ r •.
Care. of the Ears.
Never put anything in the ear for the
relief of earache. - .*j :•>„•.-
Never wear cotton in' the ears If they
are discharging.
Never attempt to apply a poultice to the
inside of- the canal of the ear.
Never strike or box a child's ears: this
has been known to rupture the drumhead,
and cause incurable deafness.
Never" scratch.. the ears with any thins
if they itch. Do not use the head of a pin.
hairpins, pencil tips, or anything of thai
nature." •
-Never' put milk. fat. or any oily sub
stance into the ear fcr the relief of pain,
for they soon become rancid, and tend to
incite inflammation. .Warm water ' will
answer the purpose better than anything
else. " - •*•"*:
- Never be alarmed if a living insect en
ters the ear. Pouring warm water into
the canal will drown It. when It will gen
erally copae to the surface and can easlly
be removed by the fingers. .A few puffs of*
tobacco smoke blown into the -ear wO
stunefy the ln.««ct.— Science Siltlnas.
. Adolph C and Theresa Bauer to Marcus and
Freda ?Andersen; loUon N-llne of Seventeenth
street.*. 74 E of Douglass. E 23 by N 110; $5500.
Same ' to ¦ same, lot commencing- 110 N of Sev
enteenth street* and -74 E of Douglass. N 23 bv
B 74; $.300. ¦ •- --.-.' - - , ....-.*
' . V. J. and Mary Guinasso to Giovanna Devoto.
Fernando and Julia A. '¦ Nelson to Thomas G
and Sophie E. Stevenson, lot on W line of Noe
street. 150. N 1 of w Eighteenth. N- 25 by W 123
$4000.,- : .<¦¦ •* ¦ »'• ' "¦¦ - -¦-¦:-.
Same to Louis E. ana Josephine E. Reynolds
lot on. W\ line of ; Noe street, 200 N of Eight
eenth. N 25. by W- 125; $4000. . ¦
"Ferdinand E.iHesthal to -William J. Hesthal
lot on N line of Seventeenth street. 81:3 E of
Sanchez. E 50. N 148,, W 40. S 13.. E 1:1. S 22, W
li:io.-, S 113: ?750O.. • '. . .| rT" ....
- Fredertcke and George F. Krueger to Emma
E. Lint, undivided fourth of lot on SW corner
of Howard and Nineteenth streets, S 44:11% by
W 75:6; $2000. , ¦ > -. , ,- * -
•John and Helen W. Cook ti< Frank B. Norton
lot on N line of Jackson street, 50 E of Locust
E 15 by N 127:81,4; $2500. '. .'_.'. *
Mary.E. Brown to. James R. Webb, lot on W
line of Broderick street, 110 S of California, S
27:6 by W 68:9; $5500. . j*-,; igA-» o- «
Julian L. and "Sophie 'White to William J..
Joseph K.. Emily A.. and Herbert L.". Hawkins,
lot on E line of Baker street, 27:6 S of Page
S 27:6 by E 96:10%; $3CC0. ,
Estate "of Amelia V. ¦ R. Pixley (by J. F. D.
Curtis and Union Trust Company of San Fran
cisco,, executors) to McCarthy Company (corpo
ration), lot on'E line of Stelner street, 100 S of
Union. S 23 by E 18:9; $1275. ". "-.. ¦-- -. ¦» ¦-: , ¦•
Charles Frlel to Patrick Frlel, lot on N line
of Fulton street, 37:6 W of Buchanan, W 50, N
87:6," E 25, S 27:6, E 23, S 60, quitclaim deed; $1.
H. E. and Jennie W. Bothln to Mary L. Mc-
Namara. lot on W line of Webster street, 47:4
S of Grove, S 52:8 by W 07:6; $10,500.
James and Mary A.' Dowlins to Adella O.
Tintemann, lot on N line of Page street, 96 W
of Octavia. W 25 by N120: $3000.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
NEW YORK, June 10.— The visible supply of
grain Saturday.' . June 8, -as compiled , by the
New York Produce ¦ Exchange, . Is as " follows:
Wheat, 35,292 bushels; decrease, 1,642,000 bush
els.'. Corn, .16,049,000' bushels: ' decrease.: 364.000
bushels. Oats.lO.O'.R.OOO bushels;.decrease,-630.
000 bushels. Rye, 689,000 bushels: decrease, 4.1,
000 bur-hels. Barley, . 685,000 bushels; decrease,
127.000' Lusheis., * -, . • ' * •}".'•'•
Visible Grain Supply.
New York Cotton. Market.
i NEW YORK. June . 10. — Cotton closed quiet
and steady, with prices 8 points lower, j
Lead was also unchanged both at home and
abroad, but held pretty steady . here at $4 37%
for lots of 50 tons or over.:. . .
Spelter continued quiet ; and without change,
closing at $3 9o@4.. na < n rn ••
Plglron warrants, $9 50@10 50; Northern foun
dry. $15 25 @ 16 50. _ .. • ' .
Copper in Ixmdon lost 5s, with the tone easy
and spot quoted at ' £69 Is 3d and futures
£69 10s. Locally the, market was featureless
and nominally unchanged.
NEW YORK, June 10. — London followed up
our weakness of last Friday by coming £1 10s
lower for spot and 2s 6d decline "on', futures,
thus closing at £130 and £125 7s 6d. respect
ively, with the final tone weak, sales for tho
day being 80 tons spot and 600 tons futures.
This decline In tin was a little more than
traders', had predicted and selling became 'ac
tive here, breaking prices about 50 points
without having a leactlon. as the market
closed weak in tone at $28 30, with sellers at
this figure. . ' ¦ • " . . :
Nezv York Metal Market.
CHICAGO. June 10.— CATTLE— Receipts, 22,
000. including 1200 .Texans. Steers strong,
active;' butchers, steady; Texans, firm. Good
to prime steers. $3 60&6 23; poor to medium.
$4 50413 50; heifers, $2 73@3 15; cannors. $2®
2 65; bulls steady. $2 ftiWH 65: calves, *4@i 75;
Texas fed steers, $4 35@5 60; Texas bulls. $2 73
@3 85.
HOGS— Receipts to-day, 3700; to-morrow, 29,.
000; left over. 4000. Strong, 5c to 7%c higher;
top.- $6 10. Mixed and butchers, $5 73@6 07%;
good to choice heavy, $5 85©6 10; rough heavy
$5 70<S?5 SO; light. $5 70®5 97%; bulk. $5 90@6.
SHEEP— Receipts. 20,000. Sheep and lambs
steady; spring lambs, $5 50; good - to choice
wethers. $3 S0®4 15; fair to choice mixed. $3 70
(fi3ij; Western sheep. $3@4 15: yearlings. $4®
4 25; - native lambs, J4Q3 15; Western lambs,
J4 60(53 13. . " ¦ ., _ . - :
Chicago Livestock Market.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— July. Sept.
Opening 5 lOtf 5 9%
Closing ., 5 10% 5 9%
PARIS.
Wheat— June. Sept.-Dec.
Opening : 19 75 20 50
Closins 19 75 20 50
Flour-
Opening 24 65 25 23
Closing 24 70 26 20
Foreign Futures.
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was steady; creameries, 13@18%c;
dairies. ll@16c. Cheese, steady, 8%®10%c.
Eggs, lC%c.
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour,, quiet;
No. 2 spring wheat. 72(g75c; No. 3 spring, 65@
71%c: No. 2 red. 72ft 73c; No. 2 corn. 42%@43%c:
No. 2 yellow. 43c*: No. 2 oats. 27%@28c; No. 2
¦white, 30Vzc: No. 3 white, 27H@28%c; No. 2 rye.
51%c; good feeding barley, 49@50c; fair to choice
malting, 51@53c: No. 1 flax seed, $170; No. 1
Northwestern, $1 71; prime timothy seed, $3©
3 60; mess rork. per bbl. $14 S0<?14 85; lard, per
10O lbs. $8 52i,±<S8 55: short-rib sides (loose).' JS^p
S 15; dry salted shoulders (boxed). 6%iS7%c;
ehort clear sides (boxed), $8 25@8 37; whisky,
basis of high wines, $1 27.
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 24,000 17,000
Wheat, bushels 115.000 112,000
Corn, bushels 292,000 348,000
Oats, bushels .353.000 23,000
Rye. bushels 7.000 3,000
Barley, -bushels .'.... 10, COO *
2.300 Chicago & Great Western 23U
Chicago & Great Western A prefd. 82V
100 Chicago & Great Western B prefd. 4S%
Chicago & Northwestern 195
ijffl Chicago Hock Island & Pacific 168%
3,000 Chicago Terminal & Trans 23%
400 Chicago Tf-rtninal & Trans 44
&ck» C C C & St Louis .' '. 84
2,100 Colorado Southern 1554
1C0 Colorado Southern 1st prefd ....... 51
. . 400 Colorado Southern 2d prefd 23
400 Delaware & Hudson .165%
200 Delaware Lackawanna & Weetem.234%
8 1 *) Denver & TUo Grande ..'. 50%
•no Denver & IUo Grande prefd 1 93%
XEYV YORK STOCK LIST.
Fhar^-s Closing
Sold. Stocks— ; gu
42.100 Atchlson v g$t'
1<5,7OQ Atchison prefd • 102%
32.000 Baltimore & Ohio !l08
7«0 Baltimore & Ohio prefd 96
1,490 Canadian Pacific 104',4
....'...' Canada Southern \ 59'
Ti.100 Chesapeake & Ohio ~ 50
1.200 Chicago & Alton 46
400 Chicago & Alton prefd so%
1.500 Chicago Burlington & Qulncy 196(*
4,100 Chicago lnd & Louisville 38%
100 Chicago lnd & Louisville prefd ,... 72%
Chicago & Eastern Illinois 123"
The bond market was moderately active and
showed some irregularity, but was In the main
firm. Total sales $2,<20.000.
I'nited Sues bonds were all unchanged on the
last call.
The mystery attaching to the purchase and
cor.sol idation of some of the Independent steel
oom;ianies was made much of by the bears, who
circulated rumors that a breach In the steel
trade was imminent between the two financial
jrroup* which figured in the Northern Pacific
quarrel. The steel stocks lost l»i and 1H re
ft*ctlvcly for the common and preferred dur
ing the period of weakness, but rallied to a
fraction over Saturday.
¦ The bears were also inclined to discount their
?uj>poFltlon that the Government crop report,
which was not due until after closing of the
Ft<x-k market, would disclose a decided deterio
ration In the condition of cereal crops. Some
Fharp gains that had been established in the
Southwestern group were wiped out by the
pressure to sell, stocks in that group declining
in sympathy with the general list. Hock Island
fell a* much a> 4% from the best. St. Paul 3%
and Missouri Pacific VA. The leading Indus
trials Fhowed rather acute depression. Sugar
falling nearly 4. Amalgamated Copper 3% and
American Tobacco. People's Gas and the Sew
York jiubllc utilities from 1% to 2%. The late
rally left the net change* Flgnlficant In only a
few stocks. Missouri Pacific rose very strongly
to 120 in the late dealings, which was 2% points
over Saturday. The Southwestern stocks gen
erally. Southern Pacific, Atchlson and Union
Pacific, made notably good recoveries and Penn
sylvania was lifted a point over Saturday. ¦ The
Hoslnp. nevertheless, was slightly Irregular,
tho market yielding a gain in spots. American
Linseed rose £% and the « preferred 8 on the
buying of only a lew hundred shares.
NEW YORK. June 10.— There was some liqui
dation in the stock market to-day, as was fore-
Fhadowed by the drop in prices on Saturday,
after the bank statement appeared. The bear
party which sold stocks at that time continued
their efforts to pet prices to lower levels to-day
and extend their profits. A number of develop
ments helped them in this purpose, but after
the pressure of the selling had been relaxed
and the t-upporters of stocks began to bid up
prices again the bears took alarm and began
to cover their short lines, causing very general
recoveries of loEses and in a few stocks quite
notable net gains. As long as trading was going
un in the London stock market the feeling of
depi-ess-ion continued. London was quite a
large seller in this market and there was a
Jeeling of some uneasiness lest the gloomy tone
there foreshadowed some unfavorable develop
ment. This weeks London Stock Exchange set
tlement is somewhat dreaded, although assur
ancf is given that the shorts in Northern Pa
cific are fully prepared to meet the decision to
day «f the Stock Exchange committee for gen
t-ral purtwses In ending the moratorium granted
to the Northern Pacific shorts after the corn
developed in the stock. The persistent heavi
ness of console in face of the growing ea*e of
money in London gives rise to some dread of
a secret development in diplomacy or internal
Government policy. The heavy demands dis
closed by the bank statement on banking re
sources here caused uneasiness, as it was not
known how much further they might proceed.
.Payments fcr the I60.CjO.000 worth of new Penn
sylvania stock are required between June 1
and June 5, so that the needs on that account
mi£ht run over a period to come. The easy
rate for money to-day caused a more cheer
ful feeling, however, and encouraged the hope
that the requirements for large corporate trans
actions have been mostly satisfied for the pres
ent. This was a potent factor in the latter
rally of the market when the adjournment of"
the Ixindon stock market had relaxed the pres
srre here.
New York Stock Market.
EASTERN MARKETS.
Articles-
Wheat No. 2— Open. High. Low. Close.
June 72%
July 73% 73% 72% 72%
September 70Vi 70% 69% . 69%
Corn No. 2— .
June " .... 42%
July 43% 44 43% 43%
September 44% 44% 44%' 44%
Oats No. 2—
July 28% 28% 27% 28
September 26% 26% .26% 26%
Mess Pork, per bbl—
July 14 75 14 80 14 75 14 80
September 14 87% 14 95 14 87% 14 95
Lard, per 100 lbs — . '
July 8 47% 8 53 8 47% 8 55
September 8 52% 8 62% 8 52% 8 62%
October 8 52% 8 60 8 52% 8 60
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs—
July SCO 8 07% 8 00 8 07%
September 8 02% 8 10 8 02% 8 10
Temperature 7 a. m.. 52 degrees.
WEVTHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The pressure continued high over the north
western portion of the Pacific slope. There
has been but little change during the past
twenty-four hours. The temperature has
fallen 10 degrees In Utah and Southern Nevada.
Throughout California relatively cool weather
prevails. Conditions continue excellent in Cali
fornia for all crops.
\ thunderstorm Is reported at Spokane arid
a lieht ehower at Walla Walla, but otherwise
no rain has fallen west of the Rocky Moun-
FoYecast made at San Francisco for • thirty
hours ending midnight June 11:
Xorthern California— Fair Tuesday, somewhat
warmer In the valleys; light northerly winds in
the Interior; fresh westerly winds on the coast.
Southern California— Cloudy Tuesday morn
ing, fair during the day; light southwesterly
Nevada — Fair Tuesday, wanner; light wes
terly winds.
Utah-Cloudy Tuesday, wanner at night;
light northwest winds.
Arizona— Cloudy Tuesday; light westerly
Saif* Francisco and vicinity— Fair Tuesday;
freeh -sterly win^^^^ q
Forecast Official.
THE COAST RECORD.
OPEN MARKET, QUOTATIONS.
BUTTER-^Creamery. 17%@18c per, Jb for
fancy. and 16%@17c for seconds; dairy, 14®16%c
per lb; . * • r ". • ' . .
'.There Is no change In : Butter, extra cream
eries 1 ruling firm and the medium . and | lower
grades easy. > There is plenty.. on. the market.
- Receipt* were 89,000 1 pounds and 4SI I tubs, of
Butter, '913) cases of Eggs, cases . Eastern
Eggs, '8200 'pounds, California', Cheese and ;—
pounds Eastern Cheese. «•;.. ¦ ? k -V> *
The Dairy Exchange has again advanced Its
quotations • for ; Eggs,*, and . is now • for the ' first
time ; since ' its " establishment even with ¦ the
open market.- ' Eggs i are steady enough,- but
the demand Is. nothing extra, and there Is no
lack of eupplles.r . ¦ 1 ..
Cheese continues in liberal supply and weak.
Butter, Cheese- and Eggs.
Three oars of Eastern came In and j sales
were made as follows: Hens, $4 50@3; old
Roosters, $4 50; Pigeons. $175; - old Ducks,
$3 50; Geese, $1; " Hen Turkeys, 12c; Gobblers,
8c per lb. • . - ' , ¦• • ': ' ¦' ¦ . '"¦¦ :
Local stock was nominal' In the absence of
receipts. .'.¦•¦' • ' ¦. ' • .-. .
•POULTRY— Live .Turkeys. 9<S10c for Gobblers
and 123! 13c for Hens: Geese, per pair, $1@1 25:
Goslings. $1@1 25: ; Ducks.. $3 50(S>4; V for: old
and $4<S5 for young; Hens. $3 oO<3<4 50; young
Roosters, $6 60«t7'C0; old Roosters, $3 50® 4; Fry
ers, $4B4 50; Broilers. $3@3 50 for large and $2
(S2 50 for small ;• Pigeons, - $1 50(?fl 73 per dozen
for old and $l,50«l 75 for Squabs.
GAME — $1@1 25; i ¦ Hare, $1@1 25; Rabbits.
$1 25@1 50 for Cottontail : and 75c@$l for Brush.
Poultry' and Game.
ONION'S— ¦vo'tralians. lohhjrur. Mffi •».-•
New Red, 40@60o per sack; New Yellow, 90c@
$1 10 per Ctl. .
VEGETABLES— Rhubarb, . 2o@75c per box:
Asparagus, $1 75(S2 for large. Jl 25@ 1 50 per box
for No. 1 and 50c(f?$l for No. 2: Green Peas,
75c© $1 25 per sack: String Beans. l%@4c; Cab
batre. fiO<f?75c per ctl: Tomatoes, from Lob An
geles. 75c<5$V 23; from Winters,. 73c@$l 23; Dried
Peppers. 12@18c; Dry Okra, 15@20c per lb; Car
rots. 2o(g85c per sack: ' Marysville Cucumbers.
$1@1 CO per box: ->¦ Winters. : Bay. . ;
Garlic. 3(g4c; Green Peppers. 12V4«?20c per lb;
Egg Plant, 5@10c.per lb; Green Corn, $1^150
per sack; Summer Squash, 40@75c per box;
Bay do, $1 50. . '* '! .' "
POTATOES— Burbanks. $1 40<fH 60 for Ore
gon; Sweets, nominal; New Potatoes, $1500173
in sacks and $1 23@2 in boxes. .
In Vegetables there Is little new. The mar
ket Is overstocked with String : Beans, but
Peas are In slender receipt.
Potatoes and Onions remain about as pre
viously quoted.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
BEANS— Bayos. $2 45W2 60; Small White.- $t SO
©5: Larce White. $4@4 20: Pink,. $1 4C@1 70:
Red. $3fi3 25: Blackeye. $3 10<ji3 25;Llmas.J6 23
@6 35: Pea. nominal: Red -Kidney. $4 75 per ctl.
SEEDS— Brown- Mustard, nominal: ¦ Yellow
Mustard, nominal; Flax. . $2 R0®3: Canary. 2%**
3%c for Eastern; Alfalfa, nominal; Rape. 2@
2%c: Hemp. 3Vic; Timothv. 6>4c.
DRIED PEAS-Xiles, ?1 60 per ctl.
Bean's continue quiet, but Government, In
dian Department and • Prison contracts are
pending, which imparts a firm, tone t to the
situation. Prices are unchanged.
. Most of the receipts of Hay now are of new
crop, and this description Is easy in conse
quence. Old Hay rules firm and in -good de
mand.
All Feedstuffs remain as before quoted. ,
BRAN— $17«alS per ton.
MIDDLINGS— $17019 50 per ton. • ,
FEEDSTUFFS — Rolled Barley. $17®1S per
ton: Oilcake Meal at the mill. *25@26: JobblnK.
J26 50: Cocoanut Cake, $17<S1S: Corn Meal.
$27 50^28; Cracked Corn, $23 50@29; Mixed Feed,
$15(@16.
HAY— New. $6@9 50: old la quoted as fol
lows: Volunteer. $508: Wheat, $1150013 50;
Wheat and Oat, $m<S12 W>: Oat. $9@11 50; Clo
ver, nominal; Alfalfa, $S@9 50; Barley, nom
inal pel ton.'
STRAW-25@47%c per bale.
• Beans and Seeds.- '
Hay and Feedstuffs.
FLOUR — California I Family -' extras. *3 25®
3 50, . usual terms; Bakers' Extras, $3 15@3 25:
Oregon. $2 50®2 75 per .barrel for family and
$2 75Q3 for bakers': Washington bakers', $2 75
@3. • . • . -
MILLSTUFFS — Prices In sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, $3 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour. $2 75: Rye
Meal. $2 50: Rice -Flour. $7; Corn Meal. $3; ex
tra cream do. $3 75:'Oat Groats, $4 73; Hominy.
$3 75@4; Buckwheat Flour, $4@4 25; Cracked
Wheat, J3 50; Farina. $4 50: . Whole Wheat
Flour, $3 25: Rolled' Oats (barrels), $6 35®7 85;
in sacks, $6@7 50: Pearl Barley. $5; Split Peas,
$5; Green Peas. $G CO per 100 lbs.
Flour, and Millstuffs.
Informal session— 9:15 o'clock— No sales.
Second session — No sales.
Regular morning session— December— 2000
ctls, 6SV4c; 2000, 6S%c; 8000. 6S%c.
Afternoon session— No sales.
OATS— The market remains as previously
quoted. White, $1 42%1 55; Surprise, $1 50@
165; Red, $1 35@1 45; Black, ?1 22%@1 32%
per ctl.
CORN— Receipts from the East are liberal
again and of daily occurrence, but as long as
the Eastern market continues high this mar
ket will not go down. The- demand, however,"'
Is nothing extra. Small round Yellow, $1 50;
Eastern Yellow. $1 32%@1 37%; White,. $1 35@
1 37%; mixed, $1 SO.
RYE— 77%«rS2%c per ctl.
" BUCKWHEAT- Is quoted at $1 65 per ctl, ex
warehouse. . . ; .' •
CALL BOARD SALES,
Informal Session — 9:13 o'clock— December—
4000 ctls, $1 03.
Second session— December — 1000 ctls. $1 02% ;
4000, $1 02%. •
Regular morning session— December— 6000
ctls, $102%; 22,000. $102%; 2000, $102%.
Afternoon- cession — December — 2000 ctls,
$1 02%. •
BARLEY — Fine crop prospects offset the
light, supplies on hand and the market is weak
and tending downward. Futures are slightly
lower. The demand is very slack.
- Feed. 73%c for No. 1, TSc for choice bright,
and -70(g72> / 4c for oft prades; Brewing and
Shipping grades, 77%@S2%c; Chevalier; nomi
nal.
CALL BOARD SALES.
WHEAT— Chicago opened lower and heavy,'
with the . bears selling freely. '
Trade was light, as there was a disposition
to wait for the Government report. Minne
apolis millers and . elevator people . were good
buyers of cash at %c over July. The weather
In the "West was seasonable.
The American visible supply decreased 1.
642,000 bushels. The world's shipments for the
week were as follows. In quarters:" Russian,
221,000; Danublan, 21,000; Argentine, 99,000; In
dian, 42,000; Australian,. 67,000. The quantity
on passage to the United Kingdom was 42,
096,000 bushels, a decrease of 1,056,000.
This market was quiet and not materially
changed.
- Spot Wheat— Shipping. 97%@98%c; milling,
U 02%@l 03%.
Wheat and Other Grains.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — "$4 86%
Sterling Exchange, sight.... — 4 89Vi
Sterling cables — ¦ 4.90
New York Exchange, sight — \ 12%
New York Exchange, telegraph.. — 15
Sliver, per- ounce.. ............. — 59%
Mexican Dollars, nominal 49% @ 50
Exchange and Bullion.
O20th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
gAN FRANCISCO, June 10—5 p. m.
The following maximum temperatures were
reported from stations in California to-day:
Eureka r.6: Mount Tamalpais, 60: Independ
ence. 7$: Red Bluff. 82; Fresno SO: Los An
geles. 70: Sacramento, 60; San Luis Oblspo. 62,
v San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
62: minimum, 47; mean, 54. '."*•
Weather Report.
LOCAL MARKETS.
American shares .were quiet, but selling pre
dominated . during the first hour on - the un
favorable- features of the New York bank
statement ' of last . Saturday. -.The 'selling in
cluded 15,000 shares of "Atchison for the Conti
nent, which were taken up by., the arbitrageurs
as a geud margin. Toward midday the mar-
The chief Incident < in to-day's idle and ' Ir
regular stock market was a fresh fall of con
sols to 83. " ¦ : ¦ .
NEW YORK. June 10.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says:
London Market.
WASHINGTON. • June 10.— To-day's state
ment of the Treasury balances, exclusive • of
the $150,000,000 told reserve In the division of
redemption, shows: Available cash balances
$1C9.S14,529; gold, $96,534,285. '
Condition of the Treasury.
- NEW YORK, June 10.— Money on call, steady
at 2^4C3% per cent; last loan, 2% per cent;
prime mercantile paper, 3%@4% per cent. Sterl
ing exchange steady, with actual business in
bankers' bills at $4 88%@4 88% for demand and
at $4 85% for sixty days; posted rates, $4 SB®
4 89; commercial bills. $4 84%@4 85U. Silver
certificates, nominally 60c; bar silver, 59%c;
Mexican dollars. 4Sc. State bonds, inactive;
government bends, steady;, railroad bonds. Ir
regular.
New York Money Market.
41,700 Erie .- r... 43%
3,000 Erie 1st prefd 70
2,800 Erie 2d prefd 57
1.200 Great Northern prefd 184%;
500 Hocking Valley 54%
100 Hocking Valley prefd 77%
1,400 Illinois Central 142%
1,000 Iowa Central 36
400 Iowa Central prefd : 65
Lake Erie & Western 60
Lake Erie & Western prefd 120
14,700 Louisville & Nashville 109%
6.700 Manhattan L :... 118%
4.100 Metropolitan St Ry 171%
1,600 Mexican Central 26U
300 Mexican National 10"i
200 Minneapolis & St Louis 97
14,600 Missouri Pacific 119%
1,600 Missouri Kansas & Texas 31
1,900 Missouri Kansas & Texas prefd 63%
100 New Jersey Central 160
8,700 New York Central 155T4
L200 Norfolk & Western 53%
100 Norfolk & Western prefd 88
Northern Pacific 120
200 Northern Pacific prefd 984
17,100 Ontario & Western 37%
31,400 Pennsylvania 151
P C C & St Louis 78
7.900 Reading 45%
3,700 Reading 1st prefd 78
7,000 Reading 2d prefd 55%
2,200 St Louis & San Francisco 43%
St Louis & San Francisco 1st prefd 85U
1,000 St Louts & San Francisco 2d prefd 71%
800 St Louis Southwestern ..: 35%
4.400 St Louis Southwestern prefd ..' 69
SO.700 St Paul 165%
17.900 "St Paul prefd 183
30.200 Southern Pacific 59?;
6,000 Southern Railway ' 33%
6,300 Southern Railway prefd .' 86%
1.200 Texas & Pacific 49\i
L200 Toledo St Louis & Western 22%
2,600 Toledo St Louis & Western prefd.. S7%
74.400 Union Pacific 10714
1.500 Union Pacific prefd 90>4
6.100 Wabash 23T6
6.900 Wabash prefd ,. 44
1.900 Wheeling & Lake Erie 19%
1.200 Wheeling & Lake Erie 2d prefd 32%
1,500 Wisconsin Central 23%
1,100 Wisconsin Central prefd 43%
Express Companies—
Adams ISO
American '. 190
United States 90
Wells Fargo 130
Miscellaneous—
18,400 Amalgamated Copper 122%
8,800 American Car & Foundry 30%
1.400 American Car & Foundry prefd 84%
800 American Linseed Oil 22
1.S00 American Linseed Oil prefd : 52
1.600 American Smelting & Ref 57»,i
500 American Smelting & Ref prefd 99%
23,400 American Tobacco 141% 1
3.100 Anaconda Mining Co 4S% !
10.400 Brooklyn Rapid Transit 8C%
900 Colorado Fuel & Iron ..100%
5,100 Consolidated Gas 231%
6,600 Continental Tobacco 70
6,800 Continental Tobacco prefd 123%
600 General Electric 244
Glucose Sugar 58
2,000 Hocking Coal 23%
500 International Paper 24V4
International Paper prefd.... 78
1,800 International Power 90 -
100 Laclede Gas S3,
100 National Biscuit A 43
5,600 National Lead .'..; 22%
100 National Salt 44
200 National Salt prefd 77
700 North American $9
Pacific Coast 65
500 Pacific Mail 43'
8,900 People's Gas 115%
1,400 Pressed Steel Car 44% j
100 Pressed Steel Car prefd 85%
100 Pullman Palace Car 208 |
300 Republic Steel ....„ 19% j
300 Republic Steel prefd 75>4
32,100 Sugar 142%
1.000 Tennessee Coal & Iron 59
1.000 Union Bag & Paper Co 14
100 Union Bag- & Paper Co prefd 71
1,900 United States Leather J3"6
1,500 United States Leather preld 79Vi
100 United States Rubber 20% j
United States Rubber prefd 62% 1
91,400 United States Steel 49%
23,900 United States Steel prefd 98%'
1,600 Western Union 94 '
827,800 Shares sold.
CLOSING BONDS.
U S ref Js reg 106% X Y Cent lsts 107% i
U S ref 2s coup...l07Vi N J Cent gen 5s... 132%
U S 3s reg.... 103 N Pacific 3s.. 72%
U S 3s coup 109 N Pacific 4s 103%
U S new 4s reg 139 N Y C & St L 4s.lC6%
U S new 4s coup. .139 N & W con 4s 102% i
U S old 4s reg 112% Or Nav lsts 1C9 !
IT S old 4s coup.. .113% Or Nav 4s 103
U S Es reg 108% Or S Line 6s 128
U S5s coup 108% Or S Line con 5s.. .116%
Dist of Col 3.63s.. .126 (Reading Gen 4s S7%
Atchison «ren 4s.. ..104 ¦ R G W lsts...-. 101V-
Atchlson adj 4s.... 97 S L & I M con 5s. 116 "
Canada So 2ds 108 S L & S F gen 6s.l36Vi
Ches & Ohio 4%s..lC8 St Paul cons 184
Ches & Ohio ts 119 St P V, & P lsts.. .118%
C & NW con 7s 142',i St P C & P 5s 119 "
C & XWSFdeb 5s. 121% So Pacific 4s 93=J
Chgo Terminal 4s.. 96 So Railway 5s 118%
Colo Southern 4s... S9 iStand R & T 6s.... G3
D & R G 4s lP3\i;Tex & Pac lsts....HW
Erie General 4s 89% Tex & Pac 2ds 99
F W & D C lsts..!08 Union Pacific 4s...lO6Vi
Gen Electric 5s lSi% Wafeash lsts 117'A
Iowa Central lsts.. 115 Wabash 2ds ill
L & N Unl 4s 103% West Shore 4s 114
M K & T 2ds 84 Wls Cent lsts !M
M K & T 4b 98%'Va Centuries 9S«/i
MINING STOCKS.
Adams lSjLlttle Chief 13
Alice 40!Ontario 750
Breece 1 SO^phir 93
Brunswick Con lfi|I J hoenlx 17
Comstock Tunnel... 03 Potosl OS
Con Cal & Va 2 25 ?avase 06
Deadwood Terra 50 Sierra Nevada 20
Horn Silver 1 13 .Small Hopes......... 45
Iron Silver 60jStandard 3r<0
LeadvUle Con 031
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money — I Union Land 3
Call loans 3 «53% West End 9414
Time loans 3%@4% Westlnghouse El.. 70 "
Stocks— Bonds—
A 1 & S F S6% Atchlson 4s 103
A T & S F. prefd.UttVfc Mining Shares-
American Surar .(,(.). Adventure „ 17%
Am Sugar prefd... .122Vi Blngham MlnCo.. 22
Am Telephone 167 Amalgr Copper. 122%
Boston & Albany.233% Atlantic : 32%
Boston Elevated... 1R2 Boston & Mont 445
Boston & Maine 195 Butte & Boston. ..114
Chgo. Bur & Q 196 Calumet & Hecla..S20
Dominion Coal 34 Franklin 146%
Dom Coal prefd.... 115% Humboldt 25
U S Steel 49Vi Osceola 86 '
V S Steel prefd... 9SH Parrot B4
Fitchburg prefd.. ..144 JQuincy 170
Gen Electric 244% Santa Fe Copper.. 6%
Mexican Central... 26 Tamarack 330
N E Gas & Coke.. 10 Utah Mining 329%
Old Dominion 32% "Wlncna ". 2%
Rubber 20H Wolverines 56»i
Union Pacific 1C7H
EVAPORATED APPLES— The market for
evaporated apples was unchanged. State, com
mon to grood, HM<!Toc: prime, 5%@5%c; choice,
6<ff<!Uc: fancy, 6@6%c. . .
California dried fruits quiet.
PRUNES— 2%@6Uc per pound, as to size and
quality.
APRICOTS— Royal. 8@12c; Moorpark, 7%@I2c.
PEACHES— Peeled, H@lSc; unpeeled, 6@10c.
• Chicago Grain Market.
CHICAGO. June 10.— On favorable weather
reports from the West and Northwest, coupled
with estimates on- world's shipments, July
wheat opened a shade to %@Vic".lower at 7334c
to 73%c. During the early part of the session
prices ' held fairly steady, declining under the
absence of shipping demand to 727ic. Subse
quently there was a rally on covering by a
few local shorts to 73%c. where the price re
mained but a moment. . As the time approached
when the Government report would have to b«
faced, holders weakened and something of a
stampede among them to unload caused a rapid
shrinkage In values and at the end prices were
near the lowest of the day. July wheat closed
weak. %@%c lower at 72?4c. September wheat
closed lc lower at 69%c.
The ¦ corn market was firm but very dull.
July corn closed %c higher at 43%c.
The range In oats was narrow and business
dull. July closed %c lower.
Provisions were strong without much activ
ity In business, but a notable scarcity of of
ferings. The decrease in the receipts of hogs
helped the market, the feature of which wan
the demand for July lard. July pork closed
12»4c higher, lard 15c improved and ribs 10@
12V»c up.
The leading; futures ranged as follows: •
DRIED FRUITS,
SUGAR— Raw. quiet and easy: fair refining.
3%c: centrifugal. '96 test, 4V4c; molasses sugar,
S-TfetfiSc; refined, quiet. .
BUTTER— Receipts, 13,386 packages. Firm;
creamery, 15@19c; factory, 12@14c.
EGGS— Receipts, 13,483 packages. - Quiet;
Western candled, selected, 13@13%c; .Western
ungraded, ll@12%c.
Options opened steady, but soon eased : oft
In sympathy with Western markets.. A tem
porary rise at noon on the big visible "supply
decrease was followed by a later ' drop under
liquidation. Closed weak : at- %<8>%c net de
cline. July closed at 78V*c; September, 74%c;
October, 75c.- . - ;•¦••¦•
HOPS— Steady. .
HIDES— Steady." ' " - • '
WOOL— Quiet.
COFFEE— Spot: Rio quiet; No. 7 Invoice.
6c. Mild quiet; Cordova, 8U@12%c. . Futures
closed net unchanged to 5 points lower, and
the market was ' Inactive. Total sales were
6000 bags. Including: September, 5.35@5.40c;
November, u.50c; December. 5.65@5.70c; March,
5.80c. .- . - '
WHEAT— Receipts 166,800 bushels; exports,
131.CS3. Spot market easier; No. , 2, red, J 80%c
f. o. b." afloat: No". 2 "red," 79%'c "elevator; No. 1
Northern, Duluth,, 85% c f. o. b. afloat; No. 1
hard, Duluth,'89%c f. o. b. afloat. ;vy»
• NEW YORK. June 10.— FLOUR— Receipts 19, -
018 bbls; exports, 28,148. Dull and easier at a
slight decline. • _, . . - - ' '
New York Grain and Produce.
San* Francisco Drydock Company (owners)
with City Street Improvement Company (con
tractors), engineer Howard C. Holmes — Amend
ment to, contract between same parties made
November 13. 1900. for construction of complete
drydock. etc.. at Hunters Point. (Filed Novem
ber 14. 1900. See fifth contract In Abstract 2S7.".
November 15, 1900.) The object of the -amend
ment Is to permit the entrance of the dock tu
be deepened two feet and to permit certain
changes in suction of drainage pump. Total
price Is Increased from $404,000 to M23.590. to be
paid in manner provided In original contract.
Sarah F. Sloan, by C. B. Sloan, attorney
(owner), with A. C. Soule ¦ (contractor), archi
tect T. Patterson Ross^ — AH work for a two
story and basement frame building, on W line
of Larkln' street, S3:6 N of Chestnut, N 27 by
E 127:6; $3340.
Eva G. ' Hutchinson (owner) with W. H.
Wlckersham (contractor), architect Ralph War
ner Hart— AH work except painting for a two
story and basement frame flat building, on N
line of Washington street. 97:6 E> of Leaven
worth. E 20 by N 60; $3988.
Builders' Contracts.
Mountain View Cemetery Association to
Frederick Ahlbenr. lot 107. plot 34. Mountain
View Cemetery. Oakland Township; $66. •'.
Frederick Ahlberg to Otto Hlstum. portion of
lot 127 In plot 34. Mountain View Cemetery.
Oakland Township: $.130.
Fred P. and Essie Standon to Thomas Mln
ton lot 9. block 9. Curtis Tract. Berkeley: $">Cft
Eleanor S-. Chester and Ella M. IVerlns to
Peter and Ella Majrnuson. lot on S line- of
Prentlss avenue. 150 W from Peralta. NW 33 by
SW 122.75, Brooklyn Township; $300.
Delos and Harriet A. Pratt to Grace G.
Probasco. re-record 6M D. 53. lot 26. subdivision
F on map of Frultvale Terminal Tract. Brook
lyn Township; $10. ¦
August and Carrie Olson to Maria R.
Pacheco. lot 20. block I. map of Knowlea A
Potter subdivision of Kennedy Tract, East
Oakland: $300. ¦ ¦ -. • • .
Mountain View Cemetery Association to Wil
liam H. Hilton, lot 2S7 In plot 36." Mountain
View Cemetery, Oakland Township; $124.
alta Homestead Association, Oakland: $3C0.
L. G. and Mary I. Burpee to L. T. Haskell.
all Interest in lot on,W line of Franklin street.
32S.04 N from Delger or Twentieth street, X
33 NW $2:5, SW 35, SE S2.5 to point of begin
ning, Oakland; $1300.
J. and Louise B. Llewellyn to Sidney M.
York lot on W line of Magnolia street. 175 X
from" Thirtieth. N 23 by W 133. being the >T ?3
feet of lot 11. black G. map of the lands of Per-
Louise Barrollhet and Mary Frederick tr>
town of Berkeley, lot on NE corner of Uni
versity avenue and Tenth street. N 184 to cen
ter of Strawberry Creek, thence W 13:1. 3 1S7:S.
E 2S to point of beginning, to be used for
public street and highway. Berkeley: $315. '
Bernard and Mary McManus to F. W. Gart
ner, all interest In lot on X line of Mariposa
street, 345 E from Grove. E 32:4 by N 135, block
3, McKee Tract, subject to mortgage. I Oak
land; $1000. _. ¦ •• .
John and Anna Goulart to Frank Goulart. lot
on NE line of East Eleventh street. 175 SE
from Twenty-eighth avenue. SE 25 by NE 100.
lot 17, block I. Knowles & Potter subdivision of
Kennedy Tract. East Oakland: $300.
Emelle Thuotte to A. H. Duncombe (single),
all Interest In lot 7, block 3. map of East Oak
land Heights. East Oakland; $500.
Fortunato and Helllna Maggio to Innocenzo
Bardellini, lot on SW corner of West Four
teenth and Center streets. S 25 by W 100. block
580. Oakland: also lot on N line of Seventh
street. 50 W from Henry. W 50 by N 100. lot 9.
block 528, Gibbons' property, map 1, Oakland;
$TXO0.
Lucille B. Forman. to Fennlno Buffe, lot 13,
on man of Elmhurst Park, Brooklyn Town
ship, $10. t_
E. Thuotte to A. H. Duncombe (single), all
Interest In the E 20 feet of lot 23 and W 30 feet
of lot 24, block C, Gaskill Tract, Oakland; $500.
Egon Hoermann to Bertha Hoermann, lot on
E corner of Howard and High streets, SE 235,
NE 102, NW 80, NE 104. to S line of Commerce,
thence XW 40. S 164, SW 44, to beginning, be
ing portion of Howard Tract. Brooklyn Town
ship; gift.
Plummer. Improvement, Company to Same. lot
on E line of Etna street, 120 N of Kearney ave
nue, E 133 by N 70. being S 70 feet of lot 7,
block 2. map of property of John Kearney.
Benjamin and Elizabeth Bangs to De winter,
lot on E line of Hillegass avenue, 40 N of Der
by street. N 45 by E 159.44. lota 53 and S
5 feet of lot 58, map of Hillegass Property.
Berkeley: $1123. ...
William Czolkoulskl to Sarah Hays, lot 20,
block 8. map of North Alameda Tract, Brook
lyn Township; $155.
Donald C. Mclver to Miles Gllrain, lot 10.
block B, map of Stone Tract, Brooklyn Town
ship. $400.
San Francisco Savings Union to F. H. Rice,
lots 2 to 9. 13 to 2L 23 to 33, block G, except
portion taken for widening Fourths avenue: also
lots 1 to 9. block I. Bella, Vista Park, East
Oakland: $5000. \
William H. and Fannie H. C. Hardy to Low
ell J. Hardy, formerly Lowell J. Hardy Jr.,
lot on W line of Market street. 94 N of. Third.
N 127:6 by W 125. block 482, Adeline and Mar
ket-street Homestead; also lot on S line of
Fifth street. 123:4 W of Oak. W 23:4 by S 100.
block 129. Kellersbergera Map: alao lot on NW
corner Moss avenue and Broadway. W 131 by
N 100: lots 1 and 2, block A, map of Broadway
and Weston avenue lota. Oakland: also lot on
SW line of E Twelfth street. 50 BE of Third
avenue. SE 75 by SW 100, block 29, Clinton,
East Oakland: $7500.
P. A. and Cora L. McGlnness to J. E. Gokey.
lot on S line of Nolan or Thirty-third street.
346:3 W of West. W 70 by S 89:3, block H, map
of property Central Land Company, formerly
known as the Brown Tract, Oakland: $1500.
¦ W. J. and Birdie D. Poole to M. Rlnehart,
lot on E line of Market street, 25 N of Thirty
third or Nolan, N-34 by E 116:3.. being portion
of lands of Central Land Company, Oakland;
$500.
F. S. and Emily M. Page to Charles E.
Young, all interest in lot on W line of Filbert
street. 114:6 S of West Twelfth. S 75 by W 123.
block E. map of Oakland Central Homestead
Association. Oakland: $10.
Mary Hartman to Luigt Marando, lot 49,
map of Center street home lots, Oakland; $1000.
' W. A. Anderson to Amelia S. Wilson ami
Olive S. Luthrop. lot 9, block T. revised map
of Oakland Heights, Oakland; $500.
Alameda County.
lot on N line of Broadway, 1S2:3 W of Stockton.
W 24:8 by N 137:6; $2000.
-William M. and Helen H.- Thornton to Horace
G. Tanner, lot on N line of California street.
197:6 W of Jones. W 27:6 by N 137:6; $13,000.
William and Edwin Best and Laura Grogan
(Best), to Thomas Morton, lot on E line of
Leavenworth street, 110:6 S of Geary, S 27
by E 83:6; $3000. .
Marks and Rachel ' Lewis to William Jones,
lot on NW line of Bryant street, 324:8 SW of
Second. SW 25 by NW SO; $4500.
Sarah and Patrick. Stephens to Minnie A.
Stephens and Catherine E. Doyle, lot on N
line of Yolo street, 50 W of Vermont, "W 25 by
N 100; gift.
Anna Babbert to Charles P. Boyson, lot on
E line of Ninth avenue. 125 S of Clement
street. S 25 by E 120; $10.
Charles P. Boyson to Solomon Gets, same;
$1000.
Mary E. Sullivan to John Huglll. lot on N
line .of Stanley street, 25 E of Bright. W 23
by N 100, block 53, City Land Association; $739.
Estate James G. Fair (by J. S. Angus, T. G.
Crothers and W. S. Goodfellow, executors) tt»
Thomas W. and Margaret R. Cullen. lot 7.
block 11. Fair's subdivision Holly Park; $50".
William H. and Dora L. Cureton to ¦William
Corbin, lot 1, block 6, lot 6. block 25» S halt
lot 12 and all of lot 13, block 12, Paul Tract
Homestead; $10.
E. Isabella Bennette to Anna M. Fltzpatrlck.
lot 34, block 25, Lakeview; $500.
Same to tame, lot 35. block 25. same; $500.
Frank W. and Delphlne McEwen to Gustave
Allstead. lots a to 7. block 6, Holly Park Tract:
$500.
Carrie E. and H. S. Bridge to John Dykes
Jr.. lot on W line of Starr street. 150 N of
Salinas avenue. N 50 by W 100, block 4. Gar
den Tract Homestead Association; $300.
Anton and Margaret Krieg to Krieg Tanntnjr
Company (a corporation), Precita Valley lota
336 and 337; also commencing on San Bruno
road, being NW corner of lot 33S 4 S 30 by E
300. being a portion of lot 33S, Precita Valley
Lots: $8000.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Exchange and Silver as prrjiously quoted.
Wheat and Barley qukt, and tlie latter zucak.
Oats, Com and Rye unchanged.
Nczv Hay easy and old firm. Feedstuff s as before.
Beans firmly held pending expected contracts.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables without especial feature.
Eggs firm, Butter steady and Cheese -weak.
Fresh Fruits in ample supply. Dried Fruits quiet.
Three cars of Oranges sold at auction.
Lard advanced tt cent. No change in Hams and Bacon.
Packers reduce their bids for Hogs to 6 cents.
Nothing nczv on the local Stock Exchanges.
V, MONDAY." June 10-4 p. m.
Bld.Ask.) Bid.Ask.
Alpha 03 04' Justice ......'.. 03 04
Alta — .O2.Kentuck 01 C3
Andes 05 06 Lady Wash... 01 —
Belcher ' OS ; 0S;Mexlcan 15 16
Best & Belchr 19 "0 Occidental .... 03 04
.Bullion — C3 Ophlr 1 00 1 03
Caledonia ..... 46 50 Overman 26 2S
Challenge Con 17 > 18 Potosl 10 12
Chollar C3 06 Savage : 08 . 10
Confidence • 63 70 Scorpion .. — 04
Con Cal & Va. 2 30 2 35 Seg Belcher :.' 01 03
Con Imperial. . — ', 01 Sierra Nevada 23 24
Con New York — 01 Sliver Hill ... 29 30
Crown <Polnt.. 07 09 St Louis 06 —
Eureka Con .. ' — ' 06 Standard ; 3 60 —
Exchequer .... — 02 Syndicate OS —
Gould & Curry 06 07 Union Con .... 17 19
Hale & Nor... 21 22 Utah .: 03 05
Julia — 02 Yellow Jacket 13 15
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
600 Best & Belcher 21 300 Ophir 103
ECO Best & Belcher 19 200 Overman 28
500 Caledonia..'....' 43 SCO Overman ... 27
300 Con Cal & Va.-I 33.200 Sierra Nevada. 24
200 Gould & Curry 06 200 Sliver Hill .... 30
200 Mexican 161200 Yellow Jacket. 13
400 Ophir' 107%|
Afternoon Session
, . Morning Session.
300 Chollar 07 400 Ophlr 110
200 Con Cal & Va.. 2 43 1SC0 Ophlr 1 07%
2C0 Ccn Cal & Va 2 37% SCO Overman 26
50O Mexican ... IS 300 Sierra Nevada. 27
600 Ophlr 1 1V6 30O Sierra. Nevada. 23
17C0 Ophir 1 13 600 Sierra Nevada. 24
¦ The following .w»re the sales in the Pacific
Stock Board yesterday:
Afternoon Session.
MX) Best & Belcher 2O|40O Ophlr 103
100 Con Cal & Va.. 2 33|20O Overman 26
20O Gould & Curry. 06' 100 Sierra Nevada. 24
300 Mexican J 16 200 Union Con 18
SCO Mexican !."»':
2C0 Best & Belcher " 22 300 Seg Belcher ... C3
100 Gould & Curry. 07jlC0 Sierra Nevada. 24
300 Mexican 19 200 Sierra Nevada. 23
2S0 Ophir 110 ICO Silver Hill .... 28
100 Ophir 1 15'200 Silver Hill 30
Morning Session.
' The following- were the sales In the San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
UNITED STATES BONDS.-'
Bid. Ask. - , " ' BliAsk.
4s quar reg...H3>/4114H 4a qr cp (new)130 140
4s quar coup. .112^113^ 3s quar coup.. 109 110
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Bay Co P C ostOa — Oceanic S S 5s — 103
Cal-st 5s US — Omnibus R 6s. 127 12S ¦
C C Water 5s.l09KU0U Pac G Imp 4s. — 100
Ed L & ' P . 6s.l2S%133fe J k & C H 6s. .108 — •
Fer & a R 63115% — ¦ Pk & .O R 6s. 117 .— •
Gearj'-«t 5s ... — _— Powll-sfR 6s.l20 . —
H C & S oy-s.ioe'/i'— Sac E G R 5s. — 100
Do 5s ...,....— 102^4 S F & SJV 5s.l20% —
Los Ang R 5s. Hi — Sierra Cal 6a. — 100
LA Light 6s. — 102 S P of A 6s
Do, gntd 6s. — .104 (1900) ¦'. 113 —
Do gntd us.10214 — (1910) 11* —
L A & Pac 6s.l00>6 — S -P of C 6s -
Vo 1 c m 5s.lO2?4 — (1905), Ser A. — 100
Market-st C 6s — 127M: (W05), Ser B. — 109!a
Dole m 53.122^123^ (1906) 109%1101/i
Nev Co R 7s. — 113^4 (1912) 119 122
Nor R Cal 6s. Ill — S P of Cal 1st
Do 5s 118%— cp gntd g 5s. 107 —
Nor Pac C 6s. 100 — S P Br Cal 6s.l33 —
Do 5s ........10S 10S-74 S V Water 6s. — 114
Nor Cal- R Ss.llO 113 Do 4s 102J41WH
Oak Gas 5s.. ..112 — Do 4s. 3d m.l01V*102
Do Trans 6s.U6HU7^ Stktn Gas 6S.100 —
Do Wat 5s.. — „ 105%
•V; WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa.. 80'xi 81 I Spring Valley. 83% 8i'/4
Marln County.' 52% — [ -
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent L '& P... 3 — Pacific Lt 47% —
Equitable ..:.. 3>4 S% Sacramento ... — 39
Mutual 4 — S F G & E... 35% 36
Oakland 50% 51 San Francisco. 4 4H
Pacific Imp.... 32% 33%
INSURANCE. •
Flrem's Fund. 235 ' — J
- 1 BANKS.
Anglo-Cal .... 77 81 |L P & A 147 —
California 409 410 Mer Ex (llq).. 16 —
Cal Safe Dep.107% — S F Natlonal.120 — .
First Natl ....309%315 ', .
SAVINGS BANKS.
German 1900 — iSav & Loan.. — —
Humboldt .... — — | Security ......275 '—
Mutual ..-..„.. 50 — Union Trust-.140O —
Ban Francisco. 525 '550 I
X STREET RAILROADS.
California 130 134 O S L & H.... 40 — '
Geary — 40 Presidio 23 —
Market 70 —
% POWDER.
Giant. ."... 73% 76%IVigorit ........ 3 3tf
SUGAR.
Hana .'7% 8% Kllauea ....... 18 19
Hawaiian — 55 Makawell 38 39
Horiokaa 21% — Onomea 21% 22%
Hutchinson ... 19% 20 Paauhau 26% —
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
Alaska Pack.. 129 129% Oceanic S S... 46% 48
Cal Fruit Can. — SlS Pac Aux F Al. 2 —
Cal Wine Asn.100 — Pae Co""Borax.l65 —
Mer Ex 110 — Par Paint 16 —
Morning Sesslo'n.
Board —
30 Hutehlnson S P Co 19 75
15 Kilauea Sugar Plantation Co 18 00
40 Oakland Gas 50 75
90 Onomea Sugar Co 22 00
15 S V Water 84 50
1 S V Water 84 75
10 S V Water, cash 84 50
$1COO S V 4a (2d Mortgage) 102 75
• Street—
10 Market Street Railway 70 50
$7000 Omnibus Cable 6s. cash 127 50
¦ f . Afternoon Session.
" Board —
10 Cal Wine Association 100 00
100 Contra Costa Water 80 50
20 Hana Plantation Co 7 75
25 Honokaa Sugar Co 21 62%
'25 Honokaa Sugar Co 21 50
15 Hutchinson S P Co 19 50
$7000 Northern Ry of Cal 5s 118 87%
$2000 Northern Ry of Cal 5s 119 00
155 Paauhau S P Co 26 23
10 Pacific Coast Borax, s 3 165 00
20 Pacific Gas Imp 32 73
$3000 S F & S J V bonds 120 25
$5000 S F & S J V bonds 120 50
375 S F Gas & Electric Co. 36 00
ICO S F Gas'& Electric Co 35 75
10 S F Gas & Electric Co 36 12%
PRODUCERS" OIL EXCHANGE.
Mornlnr Session.
Board —
300 California-Standard 27
• 6 Hanford 85 00
300 Home 3 10
300 Home 3 15
1200 Lion 12
100 Occidental of West Virginia 45
50 Occidental of West Virginia 46
10 Peerless .- r & 00
10 Peerless ...I 5 62%
1000 Petroleum Center, s 90 04
7000 Petroleum Center 04
150 Sovereign ; :...'.... , 23
Afternoon Session.
Beard—
500 Lion, b 90 12
¦ 5S3 Monarch of. Arizona 33.
I 100 Oil City Petroleum 26
10 Peerless *. 5 75
SAN FRANCISCO OIL EXCHANGE. f
Morntnz Session.
Board—
200 Caribou 70
500 Occidental of West Virginia 45
Afternoon Session.
Board — • - .
1000 California-Standard 27
700 Monarch of Arizona 34
MINING STOCKS.
MONDAY, June 10-t2 p. m.
¦ On the,. mornlne .sessions of -the Bond and
Oil Exchanges business -was quiet and quota
tions shawed.no change worthy • of note.
was rather more active on the Bond
Exchange in the afternoon,' . with narrow fluc
tuations.- ___L__ ' y - '*"•'
STOCK AND ;BOND EXCHANGE.
TACOMA. June 10.— Wheat— Quiet and steady.
Bluestem,, 62c;. club, 60c.- • - '¦-¦¦¦¦•¦ ¦-
Chilean bark Yosemlte cleared to-day for
Callao with 45,450 bushels of wheat. . -;
WASHINGTON,
• PORTLAND, June 10.— Wheat— Walla walla,
E9@60c. :¦ • ¦ >t - . ¦' ' ',.' ,- . ' '
OREGON,
Northern Wheat Market.
."¦ PORTLAND,.'' Or., June 10.— Clearings", $447,
434;: balances,* $C9,294.' .-' /* ; ' ¦ '. ' ; .' '
Portland's Business.
. ., CLOSING.
LIVERPOOL, > June 10. — WHEAT — Spot
steady; No. 2 red Western winter, Cs: No. 1
Northern spring, - 6s l%d; No. 1 California,
6s l%d. Futures quiet; July, 5s lO'/fcd; Sep
tember. 5s 9%d. , - v - . ;
CORN— Spot, quiet;. American .mixed,, new,
3s: UV4d; -old, ;4s 3%d:- Futures quiet "... July, .
33 UVid; September, 3s ll»4d., r . - - ,
LONDON, - June 10.— Consols, 93% ; silver,
27H; French rentes,' lOlf* 20c; cargoes on pass
age, quiet and steady; No. 1 standard Cali
fornia. 29s 9d; Walla Walla, 29s 9d; English
country markets .firm; Imports Into United
Kingdom, wheat, 362,000; Imports into United
Kingdom, flour, 262.000; wheat and flour on
passage to United Kingdom, 3,430,000; wheat
and flour on passage; to Continent, 1,860,000;
Indian shipments wheat to United Kingdom,
32,000; Indian i shipments wheat ¦ to Continent,
10,000. ¦ . . •¦ . . . ¦ ¦ "*• .
LIVERPOOL, June 10.— WHEAT— Easy; No.
1 standard California 6s l^d@6s 2d; wheat in
Paris., steady; flour in Paris, steady ;¦ French
country markets, 'weak; ' weather. In England,
fine. - - . - . ¦ .
COTTON-Uplands. 4 U-16d. k
Foreign Markets.
STOCK MARKET.
Flour,-qr sks.....'27,6.' < -1 "allow, ctls .:'... .224
Wheat, ctls...... ". 5,W- Quicksilver, flska a\
•Barley, ctls ..:.. .4,7fl' -hicory, bbls .... 43
Corn. -ctls, ...:..*. 7"if ctls ...."..' 1.7SO
'Potatoes, '.ska ,... "2,231 ' eather, rolls ... R5
Onions, sks ..'.... 572 Pelts.- 1 bdls ". ..I... 653
Bran,. sks ;........ 82 Hides, . bdla .;...;! 512
Hay.'- tons ....'...• 474 Wlnp,_gals ".;.... 30,860
Wool. .bales ..... 140 Raisins, bxs ..... 1,500
Shorts. ¦' sks '..::.'..' 33fi ¦ - -. ' ¦ • ¦ <••¦
• -¦ -•;.-,•; . ."' '. V / OREGON. ¦ ,. '," " • ' - .'
Flour,' qr sks..'.. 4, 882 1 Potatoes, 'sks .'..•.¦¦ 604
Oats.\ctis ;: V ...;..T isol- : -. . ; - '¦¦¦.¦•.¦*-
FOR MONDAY. JUNE 10.
Receipts of Produce.
Crushed. 6.25c; Powdered. 5.83c; Candy Gran
ulated. 5.85c: Dry- Granulated. 5.75c; Confec
tioners' A. 5.75c: Fruit Granulated. 5.73c; Mag
nolia A, 6.35c: Extra C, 5.25c; Golden C, 5.15c;
barrels. 10c more.: half-barrela," 25c more; box
es, 50c ¦ more ; 50-lb bags, ' 10c . more. No orders
taken I for less than 75 barrels or Its equiva
lent.- Domlnos. half-barrels, 6.59c: boxes, 6.75c
per lb. . .
COAL OIL— Water White Coal Oil. -In bulk.
12V4c; Pearl Oil,. In cases. 18«4c ; Astral, JSVic:
Star. '18%c; Extra Star, 22',-ic; 1 Elaine. K^c;
Eocene,' 20>4c: . deodorized * stove ' Gasoline, in
bulk. 15c; in cases, 21c; Benzine, in bulk. 14c:
In cases, 20c; SG-degree -Gasoline, .In bulk, 20c;
Incases. 56c. - • .- . > , ¦ . : ¦ -. .
: ¦ TURPENTINE— 53c per gallon- in ' case3 and
49c In drums or Iron barrels.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany! quotes, per lb, In 100-lb bags: ,
OILS— Calif ornia Castor Oil, in cases. No. 1
75c; pure. $1 30; Linseed Oil. in barrels, boiled'
75c: raw. 73c; cases, 5c more; Lard Oil. extra
winter strained, barrels, 80c: cases. 85c; -China
Nut. 53@63c per gallon ; ' pure Neatsfoot . Oil,
barrels,. 65c; cases, 70c; Sperm, pure, 65c;
Whale Oil, natural white. ; 37^@42%c per gal
lon : " Fish Oil. In barrels,. 35c : cases, - 40c.
COAL — Wellington,' $9 per' ton: Southfleld
Wellington. J9: Seattle. J7; Brj-ant. 16 50; Coos
Bay, J5 50: Wallsend. $9; Co-operative > Walls
end, ?9: Cumberland, J12 in bulk and $13 25 In
sacks: Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg. $14: Can
nel, $10 per ton; Coke. $15 per ton in bulk and
J17 In sacks; Rocky Mountain ' descriptions.
$S 45 per 2000 pounds and $S 50 per ton, accord
ins to brand. ¦ •¦¦ .• ,;
GRAIN BAGS— San Quentln Bags. J3 63;
Calcutta Grain Bags, -7%c;..- local make,
%c less than Caicuttas; Wool Bags, 30331c;
Fleece Twine, 7Vi®8c, -
General Merchandise.
PORK— Live Hogs. ISO lbs. and, under. 6®
6%e; ISO to 223 lbs, 6c; 223 and over, 5%@STic;
feeders, ; dressed Hogs, 7H©9V4c.
L^MR— Soring. S(R'9c ¦ p»r round.
BEEF— 7©7%c - for Steers and eSGVic per lb
for cows. - t
VEAIj — I.arpe. 7V4®8c: small. S@9c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers, 7<g8c; Ewes. 6H@7c per
poVnd.
Tho. packers, ns Intimated last week, have
reduced their bids" for Hogs to 6c, but no pur
chases at this lower price have yet been re
ported. •¦ - • • •
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows: •
San Francisco Meat Market.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 4%@5c per lb: No.
2. S',4424c; prease. 2@2V4c.
WOOL— Spring. 1900 or 1901— Humboldt and
Mendocino. 14#15c per lb; Northern, free, 12@
13c; defective, 9@llc: Middle County, free, 1040
He: do defective. 8®10c: Southern. 12 months.
8ig9c; Southern, free. 7 months. 7@10c; do, de
fective, 7 months, 7.@Sc: Oregon Valley. Dae,
14@15c; do. medium and coarse, 13@14c; Oregon,
Eastern, choice, ll'glSc; do, fair to good, 9'u'llc;
Nevada. ]Ci@12c. . . . •
HOPS— loSMc per lb. > • .
HIDES AND .SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about lV4c under quotations. Heavy Salted
Steers. 10%c; medium. 9@3V2C; light, 9c; Cow
Hides. 8^@9c for heavy and S@SV4c for light;
'Stags. 6>£c: Salted Kip, 9'ic; Salted Veal,
9V4 l ffl0c; Salted Calf, We; Dry Hides, 16®16%c:
Culls. 13 I ,»iS14c: Dry Kip. 16c; Dry Calf, 16i£.#
17c; Culls and Brands, 13@14t; Sheepskins,
shearlings.: 15(jJ30c each; short Wool, 30
@50c each; medium, C0@75c; long Wool, 80c@
$1 each: Horse Hides, salt, $2 50@2 75 for large
and $2 25 for medium, $1 5001 75 for small and
50c for Colts: Horse Hides, dry, Jl 75 for large.
Jl 50 for medium. $1 25 for small and COc for
Colts. Deerskins— Summer or red skins, 30c;
fall or medium skins, 30c; winter or thin skins,
20c. Goatskins— Prime Angoras, 75c; large and
smooth, 50c; medium. 35c. j .
' ¦ Lard has again advanced. | There is no change
in Hams or Bacon, but both are firm.'; / ;j <:
CUKED MEATS— Bacon, 12c per lb lor heayy, 1
12V4@13c for light medium. 13%c for light. 14^4c
for extra light and 15>£c for sugar-cured; East
ern sugar-cured Hams, 12%@13c; Mess Beef, J12
per barrel; extra Mess, $12 50; Family, *11 50;
prime Mess Pork, $15; extra clear, 523; Mess,
$19; Smoked Beef, U3V£@14c per lb: . ¦.
LARD— Tierces quoted at 6-%c per IB for com
pound and IOV2C for pure: half-barrels, pure,
lOy.'SWJic; 10-lb tins, ll^>HVic; 5-lb tins,.ll%c.
COTTOLENE— One half-barrel. 8%c; three
half- barrels, S»ic; one tierce, 8%c; two tierces,
8V«c; five tierces, S%c per lb. . , .
Hides, Tallozv, Wool and Hops.
Provisions.
Apples continue very firm in the East," as
will be seen by the following mall report: ¦
"The strength of evaporated . apples . con
tinues to be a feature of the spot market.
Sale 'of a car of prime was reported at 5%c.
A car of underprime - was 'offered from up
the State at Gc, delivered, and storage paid
for the ' season. • Future prime apples , are
higher, the price evidently being forced up by
manipulation. Spot waste is exceedingly strong
and active. Sales of a number of , cars of
prime stock are reported at $1 25."
FRUITS — Aprlcois. 5<&-7%c for old crop and
7V4@8V-c for' new;- Evaporated Apples, 5%@6c;
sun-dried, ¦ 2c: Peaches, 3V4@4c for- stand
ard 4^@5%c for choice and 6@6Hc for fancy;
Pta'rs ' 2@7c ; Plums, pitted, 3@4c; unpltted. %@
l*4c; Nectarines. 4@4%c for red and 4@5c for
PRUNES— 4 sizes, 3c; 40-50s, 6Uc; 50-60s, 4%c«
60-70s 3%c; 70-80s, 3VLc; 80-90s. 2%c; 90-100s, 214c;
100-120S, l%c. . : ¦- •'
RAISINS— The Raisin' Growers' Association
has established the following prices: Bleached
Thompson's fancy, 12c v per lb; choice, lie; stand
ard; 10c; prime, 9c; unbleached Thompson's, 9c
per lb. Sultanas— Fancy. 1014c per lb; choice,
9V4c; standard, 8%c; prime, 8c; unbleached Sul
tanas 8c; Seedless. 50-lb boxes, 6%c ; , 4-crown,
7c; 3-crown, 6V£c; 2-crown, 6c. - Pacific brand—
2-crown, '5c; 3-crown, 5%c,", and 4-crown, Sifce;
seeded (Fresno prices), 5Vic; London Layers, 2
crown. ?1 50 per box; 3-crown, Jl 60; Fancy
Clusters $2; Dehesa. $2 60; Imperials, $3. All
prices i. o. b. at common shipping points In
California.
• NUTS— Walnuts, No. 1 softshell, ll@ll%c; No.
2. S@SMsc:'No. 1 hardshell, 10@10%c: N». 2, 6%@
7V4c; Almonds, 13614c for paper-shell. 10@llc for
BOf tshell and 5@6c for hardshell ; Peanuts. 5@
6c for Eastern; Brazil Nuts, ll@ll%c; Filberts,
12@12^c; Pecans. ll@13c; Cocoanuts, \Z 50(g5.
HONEY— Comb, 10@llc for bright and 9@9%c
for light amber; water white extracted, 5@5%c;
liBht amber extracted. 4@4Hc; dark. 3^4c.
¦ ¦ BEESWAX- £5@28c rer lb.
.V; r > V -DECIDUOUS. 1 FRUITS. - '
APPLES— New, 25@50c. per small and 50c@$l
per large box and . 25@60.c per ¦ basket. -
.-APRICOTS— 35(8500 per'box," 33@75c per crate
and 33@-30c per basket.'- -.<¦- ¦ " : ¦ "~
CHERRIES— 65c#U 2» .for dark and 75c@*l
for Royal Anne; in bulk,'i 6@9c per lb for black,
'5@6c for red and: 6©8c for Royal Anne. Re
ceipts-were 1132 boxes. " - ->. ......
' PLUMS— 15®50c per box,-25@50c per crate and
151i35c -per basket for Clyman and 60c@?l per
crate for Tragedy, i •« ' -
- CHERRY PLUMS— 25@«0c per box. I
PEACHES— 25@7Sc .'per, box and 40@60c. per
basket ¦. • •¦ « <.' > '.:.*. . '-•
¦• PEARS— Madelines. ;'25@40c per box and 15Q)
35c per basket..- -,.'•¦¦"¦ ."'¦¦•"¦
' STRAWBERRIES— ?9@11 per chest for Long
worths and $3@7 for* large berries." Receipts
Were 189 chests' and ".'— crates.";" . -... .
. LOGAN, BERRIES— ?4@7 .per chest and —
per crate. ¦¦• : < ..' * "t. 1 • . .";¦¦ - : '••--• ¦ " "•"
•BLACKBERRIES— $4@>7 per chest and 40@60c
< R ASPBERRIES-J6@10 I per chest and 65c@
$1 25 per crate.*- ,'•-;•• -~ • ¦ •
GOOSEBERRIES— 30@35c per drawer and
2@3%c in bulk; Oregon -improved, 3%@4c.
CURRANTS.-S3 50@6 per chest.
•"FIGS— FromYuma,-$2@2 50- per -crate.
MELONS— Watermelons, from Indio, 40@50c
apiece; Nutmegs, ".from -Yuma, $1@3 per crate.
CITRUS FRUITS— Navel Oranges, |1 25@2 73;
Seedlings," $1@1 75: Mediterranean Sweets, 73c@
n 75; Valencias. *1 5p@3; Tangerines, 50c@$l 25;
Lemons, .75c@$l 25 ' for common and $1 60®2 6U
lor good to choice; Grape Fruit, 50c@»l 50;
Mexican Limes. $4@5; Bananas. « 50® 2 50 per
bunch for New Orleans and |1@2 for Honolulu;
Pineapples, $2@4 per dozen, j
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
Three cars of Oranges ; were auctioned, as
follows: Choice Navels, $1 40@2 10; standard
do. 65c@$l ; . Valencias, $1 60@3 55. The market
for all citrus fruits remains as before. : -,' ,
The few good t Cherries, coming in' are j bring
ing high iPrtcpsl ..Apricots- are in" better sup
ply and rather lower! V. "Apples. Pears. Plums
and Peaches i are, about "'aavbef ore, all being in
liberal receipt. • '¦¦,; '..%¦ - ¦ -
There is. very little change- to report in Ber
ries. ¦ <¦¦,': : >>*¦-- •- '¦ .?.«,>;-¦*..•.• ¦ ' .
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
: Dairy— Extras, 16c; firsts, 13c; seconds, 14c;
store, 13c. " •' - . . • . .
CHEESE— Fancy, full cream, 8c: choice,
7%c; common, nominal; Young Americas, 9%c;
Eastern, full cream, 15@>16%c per lb.
EGGS— ..-.'¦ . - ¦ .¦ ...-¦¦ ¦- ''-
California- Ranch— Selected White. mic;
mixed* colors, 15c per dozen, ¦ . 'vv •
California Gathered— Selected, 14c;- standard,
12V£c; seconds, lie.,. . , . '.i '¦'' '.¦¦.'
. . DAIRY EXCHANGE QUOTATIONS.; r
BUTTER— ' .. . ¦ ;
Creamery— Extras, 17c; firsts, 16c; seconds,
CHEESE^-New, 8@9c ; old, nominal ; ? Young
Americas; 9(gl0c per' lb; ¦-.*¦•. >' > ,"• ,-• * - ' - v •-'¦
¦ EGGS— Ranch. 15@17%c ," for .'good to J fancy;
store, 12%@14%c per dozen.' v »}*liii ¦ \ .
THE SAN iFRANOISGb; CALL, TUESI)A^^^^^^ ll» i^l^
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
8
o g E O 2 3
, — I flflfl | ft
Astoria 30.1S 56 44 W Cloudy 0
Hake" '• 30.04 56 34 NW Pt Cldy 0
Kureka S0.1S M 48 NW Clear 0
Kresno 29.90 SO 48 N'W Clear 0
Klapstaff 19.90 66 36 S\V Clear 0
I'ocatello. Idaho.29.SH) 58 44 W Pt Cldy 0
independence ....29.T8 78 00 N Pt Cldy 0
lx.s Angeles 29.9* 70 El W Clear 0
I'ho»nix 29.66 9! 66 W Clear 0
i'ortlrnd 30.12 58 4S W Cloudy 0
Hed Bluff 29.SS S2 S« E Clear 0
Kotburg. ..:... .30.06 66 44 KW Pt Cldy 0
Sacramento »M SO 4S N Clear 0
Salt U^ke 29.82 62 48 NW Pt Cldy 0
San Francisco.... 30.04 62 46 W Clear 0
San Luis? Obispo.30.06 62 40 W Clear O
San Diego 29. 9S 62 68 W Cloudy 0
Seattle 30.14 €2 46 SW Cloudy T
Spokane M-06 60 46 SE Rain .11
Neah F-ay 30.16 M 48 NW Pt Cldy 0
Walla Walla 30.00 66 4S E Pt Cldy .04
Winnexnucca ....29.90 62 42 W Clear 0
Yuma 90 62 W Clear 0
o g E O 2 3
, — I flflfl | ft
Astoria 30.1S 56 44 W Cloudy 0
Hake" '• 30.04 56 34 NW Pt Cldy 0
Kureka S0.1S M 48 NW Clear 0
Kresno 29.90 SO 48 N'W Clear 0
Klapstaff 19.90 66 36 S\V Clear 0
I'ocatello. Idaho.29.SH) 58 44 W Pt Cldy 0
independence ....29.T8 78 00 N Pt Cldy 0
lx.s Angeles 29.9* 70 El W Clear 0
I'ho»nix 29.66 9! 66 W Clear 0
i'ortlrnd 30.12 58 4S W Cloudy 0
Hed Bluff 29.SS S2 S« E Clear 0
Kotburg. ..:... .30.06 66 44 KW Pt Cldy 0
Sacramento »M SO 4S N Clear 0
Salt U^ke 29.82 62 48 NW Pt Cldy 0
San Francisco.... 30.04 62 46 W Clear 0
San Luis? Obispo.30.06 62 40 W Clear O
San Diego 29. 9S 62 68 W Cloudy 0
Seattle 30.14 €2 46 SW Cloudy T
Spokane M-06 60 46 SE Rain .11
Neah F-ay 30.16 M 48 NW Pt Cldy 0
Walla Walla 30.00 66 4S E Pt Cldy .04
Winnexnucca ....29.90 62 42 W Clear 0
Yuma 90 62 W Clear 0
AUCTION SALES
fc* AUCTION SALE OF fit
« 30 HEAD OP YOUNO AND BLOCTCY WORK
HORSES weighing about 1250 pounds, matched
spans, property ot J. W. Churchill Esq..
Yreka.
To be sold on THURSDAY. June 13. 1901,
at 11 a. m., at
Salesyard. 1732 Market St.
I FRED H. CHASE. & CO..
' • • Successor to Killip & Co.
Horses now at yard. No other stock will
be offered at this sale. '
5^» AUCTION SALE £^
THURSDAY. JUNE 13 AT 11 A.M."
At Salesyard. 33 Dore St.. bet. 9th and 10th
sts., bet. Howard and Folsom sts.-^Carlpad ot
Young and Gentle Horses', ranging* in weight
from 1000 to 150O lbs., several matched teams
and one fine" coupe horse. ¦ These horses will
be sold without limit or reserve.
A. M. SCOTT & CO.. Auctioneers.A lecture on the Boer war will be de
livered to-night at Metropolitan Temple
by an escaped prisoner of war, Com
mandant Jan Krige, an officer on the
staff of General Both* ' '
Will Lecture on Boer* War.
Petitions in insolvency were filed yester
day In the United States District Court
as follows: H. T. Renton, mariner, Oak
land, liabilities $6030 82, assets $380; John
Hudspeath, livery stable keeper, San
Francisco, liabilities $5716 66, no assets.
Petitions in Insolvency.
David Stuart, a sailor, was-struck by a
car at First and Folsom streets last even
ing and had h!s right leg broken. The
broken bones were set at the Harbor
Hospital. • C. \V. Hinnenbergr, the motor
man, was arrested and charged with bat
tery. .
Struck by a Car.
Bunker Hill Celebration.
The Bunker Hill Association has com
pleted its arrangements for the celebra
tion of Bunker Hill day, June 17, at Los
Gatos. E. F. Preston will deliver the
oration of the day. Valuable prizes will
be given the winners of the various games
arranged by the committee in change.
special train yesterday direct from 'New
York. He has been in the East for the
last ten months.
Mr. Huntington does not know how
long he will remain on this coast, but
says that ultimately he will make San
Francisco his home, making trips to New
York only as his business interests re
quire. In speaking of his interests in the
Southern Pacific, he said the Huntington
estate did not hold any of the stock of
that company, but further than that he
would not state.
Ho is still president of the Market-
Street Railroad Company and is so well
satisfied with the manner in which it has
been operated that he will make no
changes among the officials. x He intends
devoting considerable time to the man
agement of the Los Angeles Street Rail
road Company.
H.' E. HTJNTTNC3TON AKBIVES
HEBE FROM NEW YORK
H. E. Huntington arrived here on a
Dear Sir: If you should find a corpse In the
hay resembling this picture please notify Mrs.
Ida Fox, 2694 McAllister street, San Francisco.
Howard E. Tuttle, place of business 482 Geary
street, committed euicide. June 8th. Please no
tiry Mrs. Fred Fox. 26S4 McAllister street, San
Francisco, if body is found.
Coroner Leland received by mail yester
day a letter Inclosing a photograph of
Howard E. Tuttle, the restaurant man
who disappeared a few days ag-o from his
place of business at 482. Geary street.
Oa the back of the photograph was writ
ten the following:
Inquiries After Howard Tuttle.
G.ate— Edward Leonard (chairman), Thomas
Farrell. John Greely. Floor— A. W. MacDon
»ld (manarer). Georse H. Wiegner, E. L.
O'Connor. William A. Deane. M. A. Greely,
George McCourtney. Philip J. Ward, P. H.
Farrell, Edward Kenny, Harry m. Owens.
Ganiee — Patrick Farrell (presiding Judge),
<-"harlee H. McCourtney, Felix McHug-h. P. R.
Eaves*. John E. Owens, A. -Lynch. Pro
gramme, printing and publicity— William A.
Dearie (chairman), Frank J. Shea, Rev. J. P.
Coyle.
The final meeting of the committee on
arrangements of the Star of the Sea par
ish picnic was r.eld yesterday. Everything
is now complete- for a most successful out
ing at Shell Mound Park to-morrow. One
hundred and twenty gate prizes will Xm
drawn for. and a long list of interesting
games will be decided. Patrick Farrell
will judge the games, while Alex W.
MacDonald will have charge of the danc
ing- pavilion. The following committees
•will manage the picnic:
Star of the Sea Picnic.
LOS ANGELES,- June* lO.rfToy Nomiand
Hong Hoa, two Chinese, -nerev taken off
the westbound Southern Pa?ific overland
train E to-day by - Chinese -Inspector ~ Put
nam'and are : being detained \on > suspicion
of attempting I to evade - the Chinese I ex
clusion ' act. They E passed - tirough » here
from San Francisco recently inibond for.
Mexico and are now returning jvith I tick-,
ets reading ; from El. Paso ;. to '.San: Fran-.
cisca» v - ; ; :.: ' , ;; : ' ..' ¦.¦v^i'v>O:" :: • /
¦- v !.';¦.:'-.-.•,::•. •.-;....¦.¦¦..•. .¦.>*•¦¦.—¦> I* H .'-'¦.: I ¦-,"'.:>' -•';¦
In conclusion Father Yorke sai-J:
Tour gratitude needs no glass t'o behold how
well hla. Jubilee we; celebrate has lived up
to the tme- idea of the priesthood. This is
no place, for eulogies. In the presence of that
God In vhose sight the holy angels are not
pure there i« no need of . words. His work
speaks foi him,: your heart speaks for him.
Pray to-day to the Good Shepherd to add grace
to grace, that day by day he and we all may
more and ¦ more 1 transfigure to the image of
our master, so that we may serve to stand
with one B?epherd on the eternal hills when
the last trumpet -shall proclaim the everlast
ing Sabbatlrof the children of God. ,
Among feose seated In the sanctuary '
were the fdlowinp named:
His Grace 'Archbishop Riordan, Rev. J. ' J.
PrendergasUV. G., and Reverends P. 8canlon,
Calzla. 8. J.VH. H. Wyman, C. S. P.; j. p.
McNally, P. Mulligan, J. M. Cassln. C. Ken
nedy, M. Scailon, P. Griffin, H Lagan, M. D.
COURT GIVTES DUNCAN
ONL^ A;SMAIL AMOUNT
Colonel Is JjTot Much of a Winner
in IBs Los Angeles
ALawsuitJ "'.
¦ LOS ANGELB9, June 10.— Colonel Blanr
ton Duncan, wW» sought ' the aid of the
courts in securi\W possession of certain
personal- propertU : once held .; by . his !de
ceased ¦ wife, trikn his ¦ daughter, - Mrs;
Katherlne D. Le\ris, has failed to recover
but a small portion ' of the effects. -A de
cision was rendered to-day by- Judge Bal-'
lard of Orange Ccpnty," sitting for Judge
York, in which a 'few articles including
silverware, were illotted' to the colonel.
The property turneJ over to him Is valued
at about $275, whereas the cofcmel claimed
that he was entitlei to property amount
ing to about* $4000. i*> ¦•-•; - -. ¦> , -
Colonel Duncan wis greatly disappoint
ed by the judgments the court.' The lit
igation • between thi old man- . and his
daughter and i son-irilaw, Thomas Lewis,
has been v waxing (warm ¦» for.* . several
months and bids / fat" ; to > continue. The
case" of Lewis against Duncan, in which
the defendant; is askel .to be required to
convey ' the legal • title to a large, tract of
valuable oil lands at-Bedondo, was called
to-day and a" continuance*. was asked by
the plaintiff. v This mjtion proved too
much ; for. the colonel,, fallowing the order
in the other, case." -He remonstrated vigor
ously, saying that ¦'¦ everybody /was ? con
spiring to ' defraud* him . >f his rights. He
exclaimed that he woul^ : fight <¦ the casea
to the bitter- end despite all opposition if
he had 'to live a hundred years. The
court-was included -in- t»e tirade, when
the i embittered colonel' tyas Interrupted
by Judge Ballard with the statement that
the case would, be continue!.,. .' " - ; ... .
- ¦' ' ¦•' ¦¦ • . - " ¦>¦"':«¦*¦ -.¦'¦' ": :
• Chinese Taken Froni, a Train.
on our priests "and Impresses upon them a
character that never washes away. Thou art
k priest forever.
\\ Priest the Shepherd, of Souls.
therefore, it is an office that may not lightly
beumpressioned. • The rude idea of the prlest
hotU Is that the priest stands between God and
mat. He is mediator. In the new law there
is only cine mediatoi" — Christ Jesus — therefore
our' priesthood must he and shall forever par
tlcpate in the priesthood of .Tesua Christ.
Christ is the Good Shepherd. We take pleasure
in (his office. '* The priest is said to be the
shepherd of souls. • There have been other
timte and other places where priests had dig
nltyTbefore the world. . There is no record of
humln achievement in which they have not
been\ distinguished, but [ in the pastorate is
there\true dignity/ Here we have apostolic lib
erty. \ We are the servants of the people, but
by na means ' their hirelings. The pastor's
work w with the young, the poor, the sick and
dylngr,\ In the house of mourning as well as
in theWise of joy. In temporal affairs he is
the ageit of the people. . .
Tournament.
Miss Alice Cs.vill, the champion lady
swimmer of Australia and member of a
family famous In aquatics, is to give an
exhibition to-morrow evening at the
Olympic Club. She will be assisted by her
brothers, Percy and Sid, who are also
world's champions.
Miss Cavill learned to swim when but
4 years old and won her first race at 8.
She is the holder of several medals and
certificates for saving life in the water,
and won the championship of Australia
from a number of clever lady swimmers.
She is also a clever diver, and can do
fancy stunts from a fifty-foot drop. She
can swim 100 yards in 1:12, which is re
markably fast time for a man, not alone
a woman. Miss Cavill will swim a race
with her brothers.
On the same evening the club will hold
its monthly swimming- .tournament. Some
of the fastest swimmers on the coast will
participate. The races will be under the
auspices of the Amateur Athletic Asso
ciation and all records made will stand.
The opening event will be a fifty-yard
handicap. Scott Leary, the coast cham
pion, will be on the scratch mark. The
other entries are: Dennie Carroll, R. B.
Cornell, F. Sherry, C. Clough, C. Braun,
C. Conlin, P. Revert, M. Davis, H. Youngr,
C. Long and K. Connors.
This will be followed by a twenty-flve
yard dash, in which R. B. Cornell, D. Car
roll, Scott Leary, C. Clough, A. Taylor
and F. Burnett will participate.
There will be fancy springboard diving
for trophies. The entries are: Lester
Hammsrsmith, H. Irving, F. Burnett, A.
Taylor, F. Duran, J. Connors, A. Ortion,
W. Byington, R. Cornell, P. Revert. W.
E. Pomln and several members of the
Lurllne Swimming Club. The programme
will also consist of a blindfold race,
greasy pole event, fancy swimming by
the three Cavills, Alice, Percy and Sid,
and plunging for prizes. An exciting- ex
hibition of life-saving will be given by
Professor Cavill's class in life-saving.
The following officials will handle the
events: Starter. George James; judges
Alex Pape and J. Geddes; timers. K. Mel
rose and Fred Butz; announcer, G. Hens
ley.
MISS CAVILL WILL SWIM
AT THE OLYMPIC CLUB
Champion Lady Swimmer of Aus
tralia Will Take Part in a
PUPILS WHO HAVE DISTIN
gu.ished' themselves
during the past year.
Appendicitis is now said to have been
the cause of the death of Hugh Tevis in
Yokohama. Word has "been received at
Denver In a cablegram addressed to for
mer Governor Baxter from his daughter,
the widow, that an operation for this
fashionable disease resulted in his death.
The cablegram also stated that the widow
would leave with her husband's remains
on the steamer leaving- the Japanese port
to-day. The arrival of the Doric will be
anxiously awaited by all concerned.
The information was conveyed in an"
Associated Press dispatch sent to Den
ver:
"DEXVER, June 10.— Mr. Hugh Tevis of
California died at Yokohama on June 6, ¦
after undergoing an operation for appen
dicitis. Such was the information con
tained in a cable message received this
morning by ex-Governor George W. Bax
ter from his daughter, the widow of Mr.
Tevis."
Anxiety as regards the cause of the
death of Mr. Tevis has been partially al
layed by this dispatch, but further de
velopments and a more complete account
rif his demise are anxiously awaited.
T'ntil the widow, a bride of but a few
wf-eks. arrives and tells the tragic story
of her short experience as a wife, none
may form aught but an opinion. Sad as
the home-coming: may be, she will be anx
iously looked for.
Bride of Few Weeks Will Accompany
Husband's Remains Across
BODY OF HUGH TEVTS
LEAVES JAPAN TO-DAY
WASHINGTON,. June' 10.— The - Navy
Department has received a cablegram-an
nouncing that Admiral Remey, aboard the
Brooklyn, who was Invited by the New
Zealand authorities to extend his stay in
Australian waters, so as to include a visit
to their island, left Wellington yesterday
for Sydney, N.'S.W. The admiral will
shortly sail for Cavite and resume active
command of the Asiatic, statio%
Admiral Bemey Sails for Sydney.
SACRAMENTO, June 10.— There was a
stir in the residence portion of town this
afternoon when Louis B. Nichols, a well
known citizen, was seen rushing: out of
his house, pistol in hand, after a young
dentist named Edward Diaz. Nichols
aimed and pulled the trigger of the re
volver several times, but the young den
tist, hat and coat in hand, fled with the
speed of a greyhound before the wrath
ful husband and disappeared down an
When the police arrived Nichols said he
had come home 'from his place of business
and finding the doors locked had, broken
in the rear door. As he did so Diaz'
rushed out at the front. Mrs. Nichols and
a young woman ran screaming from the
house and sought shelter at a corner gro
cery, whence a hurry call for. the police
was sent in. Mrs. Nichols asserts that
there was no occasion for jealousy on the
part of her husband; that young Diaz has
been keeping company with her cousin,
Miss Costello, who was In the house at
the time, and that the young dentist was
making himself useful by wringing some
clothes that the women were washing-.
Mrs. Nichols swore to a complaint charg
ing her husband with threats against life,
but. withdrew it to-night, a reconciliation
having taken place.
Nichols says somebody had removed the
charges from his cartridges, and that he
snapped the pistol so many times in an
effort to wing the dentist that he had to
punch the shells out, of the cylinder with
a ramrod. ¦
Lively for Man He. Finds in
His House.
Sacramento Citizen Makes Things
PTTRSUES THE DENTIST
WITH AN EMPTY PISTOL
In speaking of the priesthood, the apostle
says: No man taketh this honor save he be
called, even as Aaron was. It is not a tran
sitory office, to be taken up lightly and laid
down hurriedly. Thou art a priest forever
according to the Order of Melchisedec. The
Catholic Idea of the priesthood is wholly op
posed to our modern order of viewing profes
sions. A man may be a physician to-day and
also to-morrow; to-day a preacher, to-morrow
a politician. The Catholic church lays hands
Therefore, to-day we are met to celebrate
the record of the work well done in the priest
hood. This jubilee is for himself and for us.
Five and twenty years ago his hands were
anointed, that blessing ' he might bless, and
consecrating, he might consecrate, and these
twenty-five years have been years of benedic
tion for this city, where his lot was cast, and
for this people, where he has ruled as shep
herd of the flock. ,¦ , , .
It was a gracious custom, instituted by God
himself, that in the old dispensation certain
years were set aside . for rest and rejoicing.
The trumpet eounded through the land and
proclaimed liberty to all and the inhabitants
thereof. The jubilee was a time of rest, of
peace, of joy. The old dispensation has been
merged in the new. Its rites have taken a
wider signification. The temple courts are
silent. The trumpet is silent on Zion, but its»
echoes roll from soul to soul and grow for
ever and forever. It Is well there should be
in this world a season of jubilee. It is a
workaday world. We all must labor. In the
sweat of thy brow shalt thoir'eat bread until
thou return to the dust from whence thou
wert taken. The heaviest burden laid upon
us by the command to work is the monotony
of work. Hour by hour, day by day we drag
a lengthening and a heavier chain. We need
encouragement, we need to break the monot
ony. We must snap the chain.. No encourage
ment given is so sweet as the consciousness
of work well done by others. "We are encour
aged by seeing others bearing their burdens
bravely to take up our own and struggle on.
Father Yorke then dellve.-erl a sermojs
appropriate to the occasion, and the Arch
bishop followed with- -a short address oi
eulogy. He spoke in the highest terms tl
Father Casey as a man and' a priest and'
of his work in the parish, which, he said'
bore evidence of the great cire taken'
of it. I
Following is in part the sermon deliv
ered by Father i'orke: •
Addresses of Commendation.
The altar had been tastefully Jeorated
by the Misses Maguire and Mrs. I>. Kee
nan, and with its myraid of lighs pre
sented a striking appearance. A 10:30
the organ pealed forth a gladsome tarch,
and the acolytes, visiting priests anv par
ticipants in the high mass marchec, into
the sanctuary, preceding the Archbihop,
who was attired in his pontificial roles.
Father Casey was celebrant of the Jiass,
Rev. P. Lynch of St. James was delcon,
deacon and Rev. T. Larkin of St. Peer's
Rev. William Lyons of St. Peter's mb
master of ceremonies. Rev. James Mc-
Donald of St. Charles Church and lev.
P. P. Powers of Livermore were assist
ants to the Archbishop. At the close of
the mass the "Te Deum' 1 was Intoned *iy
Father Casey, and the impressive chait
was taken up by the choir.
FIVE AND TWENTY YEARS ago
his hands were anointed, that
blessing he might oless and con
secrating he . mig.t consecrate,
and these twenty-fre years have
been years of benediction for this city,
where his lot was cast and where he lias
ruled as shepherd of the floa."
The foregoing is part of i tribute paid
by Rev. Peter C. Yorke tc Rev. P. S.
Casey, pastor of St. Petr's Church,
whose silver jubilee was celbrated yes
terday by a solemn high rass in the
parish he upbuilt.
The sacred edifice that Faher Casey
helped build was crowded withthe peoplo
he has learned to^love and w\p in turn
revere him. His Grace Archbliiop Rlor
dan lent his presence to the ausicious oc
casion and praised the pasta- for h's
splendid work. Members of the'iloth oc
cupied seats in the sanctuary nd took
part in the solemn services. Sp6ial mu
sic was rendered by an augmentd choir
under the leadership of Miss Osmond,
and Miss Annie Rooney, the sweefeuiger,
rendered some special numbers. J
PORT ROYAL., Pa., June 11.— Shortly af
ter 3 o'clock this morning W. A. Sweeney,
Harry Beveridge and Frank Stratton sue
ceeded in working their way to the pit
mouth and were quickly put under the
care of physicians. Beveridge and Strat
ton are unconscious and the physicians
say they cannot live. Beverldge's arms
are both broken, his body horribly bruiscJ
and it is believed he inhaled the flames.
Sweeney rescued Beveridge and literally
carried him along with him. Sweeney him
self is so badly used up that all the in
formation he could give of the explosion
and fire was that the esplosion came just
at the time when the shifts were chang
ing from day to night turn. The miners
were hurled in all directions, and Sweeney
knows of at least three who were killed
outright. He says It is impossible to tell
now just how many men are entombed,
but he thinks there are more than the
thirty-seven reported at first.
At 11 o'clock to-night four men volun
teered to go down shafts Nos. 1 and 2
and one man went down shaft No. 3, but
up to this time it is not known whether
they have succeeded in making any res
cue. Gas and smoke are issuing from the
mine at midnight, and over 200 women
and children are gathered about the
mouth of the shaft. Physicians have been
summoned and every effort is being made
to reach the entombed men.
Daly, one of the men known to be In
the burning mine, went in for the first
time this morning:, and it is not known
who he is or where he is from.
After 7 o'clock Superintendent McComb
of West Newton; Dennis Wortley, pit
boss; Michael Roy, foreman of the Euclid
n-ines, and several other bosses, with
about twenty men, went down shaft No.
1, v.hich is just opposite on the Baltimore
and Ohio side of the river, and have not
been heard from since.' About three hours
after the rescue party had been in the
mine more explosions were heard. Mean
time the crowd around the opening of the
shaft had increased, the crowd including
many mothers, wives and sisters of the
men entombed. All sorts of plans have
been sugested for the rescue of the men.
Some talk of turning the river into the
mines, but many are opposed to this for
fear of drowning the miners. All that
would be necessary to let the deluge of
water loose in the mines would be to pull
a plug which was placed in the mines
after the explosion of seven years ago
and the water would rush in the mines
at a rapid rate.
It is thought the flre started from an
explosion, fcsix men were in the mine at
the time— Jack Peoples, Tony Sickles,
Frank Davenport, — Daly, L>awrence Set
tler and John Stakes. Stakes and Settler
were not near the place where the ex
plosion occurred, ana upon the arrival of
a rescue party they were quickly brought
to the surface. They were nearly over
come by afterdamp. They could give no
information as to what had caused the
fire and told the rescuers that four other
men were entombed.
Jack Peoples, married.
Tony Sickles, mairied.
Frank Daveniwrt, married.
— I>aly.
William McCune, superintendent; home
at West Newton.
Dennis Wortley, pit boss of the mine.
Michael Roy, loreman of the Euclid
mines, and about thirty other miners.
PORT ROYAL, Pa., June lO.-The Pitts
burg Coal and Coke Company's shaft No.
2 at this place is again on flre. More than
thirty men are in the mine, many of
whom, it Is- feared, will never be heard
from again. The names of those known
to be entombed cannot be learned, but the
following are known to be in the burning
mine : •
An Explosion Is Thought to
Have Caused the
Disaster.
Little Hope of Saving
Them, as Mine Is
on Fire.
THIRTY MINERS
ARE ENTOMBED
President Shaffer said: "We don't
v.ant to confiscate the property of the
water company. They donated the money
to make up the deficit in our high school
fund. As to this resolution we have the
opinion of an eminent attorney that it is
our duty to pass it and that it can In no
way affect the decision of the Supreme
<"ourt on the appeal of the rate case."
Councilman Dornin said: "This talk
about criminal liability is ludicrous. We
cant fix rates to go into effect the first
t\t last July and we can't be punished for
•what our predecessors neglected to do.
We have the opinion of our City Attorney
to this effect. In the matter of the appeal
we have no right to weaken the hands
of our attorney. He told us that if this
ordinance were passed it would be a con
fession that the contested ordinance is
invalid. This is a judicial question and
•we have no business with it."
Courtnev. replying to Wallace, said:
"The member from the Seventh Ward
comes here and insults the other members
all around. He seems to think that every
body in the Seventh Ward is an angel."
I'ourtney presented an opinion from At
torney George E. de Golia, stating that
unless the Councilmen passed a water
rate ordinance for the current year they
would be liable to a fme of $500 each with
costs and loss of office.
Councilman Fitzgerald asked why the
matter had been rushed through in such
a hurry. "I am a member of the Ordi
nance and Judiciary Committee and I had
no notice of the meeting at which this
resolution was approved."
By the same vote an ordinance to the
Fame effect was passed to print. This
action was taken after a bitter fight, dur
ing- which the minority accused their col
leagues of impairing the chance of suc
cessfully appealing the rate case. Coun
cilman Wixeon. arguing for the resolu
tion, paid that the city had no case
against the water company and never
had one. "All we had to fight on was a
lot of mugrgrle-juggled affairs we called a
case," he declared.
Councilman Wallace said: "Let us not
stultify ourselves by taking an action
which will kill our case. Xot a man In
this Council could have been elected had
the people known that he would make
such proposals here as the majority are
making to-night."
Wixson said: "Professor Wallace la
vulneraWe. as -well a.s the rest of us. I
accuse him of inconsistency. He has
broken promises himself. He talks tem
perance and then votes for licenses for
s-aloons in his ward."
On the ground that the present Council
men would be criminally negligent In not
nxing water rates for the current year,
and that such action would not injure the
city's chances in case of an appeal of the
water rale case to the Supreme Court, the
majority members of the City Council to
night passed a resolution flxing rates for
the year beginning July 1, 1900, on the
basis of the Hart decision. Cduncllmen
Bon. Bishop. Boyer. Courtney, Ruch, Wix
pon and Shaffer voting aye, and Council
men Wallace. Dornin and Fitzgerald vot
ing no. Cuvellier was absent.
Oakland Onxee. San Francisco Call.
HIS Broadway, June 10.
Minority Makes a Vigorous
Protest, but Is Promptly jL
, Outvoted-
Majority Passes Resolu
tion Based on Hart's
Decision.
COUNCIL FIXES
WATER RATES
His Grace Archbishop Riordan Pays a High Tribute to the Pastor
(jf St. Peter's' and Compliments Him on the Flourishing
Condition of the Parish-T-Honors for the Young Graduates
A J ill- ' _.___ ¦• - " ' ¦ ¦ "¦ ¦-¦'¦• >- •-.
FATHER CASEY'S SPLENDID LABORS
WIN RECOGNITION WELL DESERVED
CANADA TIRED
OF CHEAP LABOR
Chinese and Japanese
Competition in La
bor Market.
Dominion Government Gives
• - the Matter a Thorough
Investigation.
A committee of prominent Canadians
appointed by the Dominion Government to
investigate and report upon the evil ef
fects of Chinese Immigration into the
United States and Canada is in this city
engaged In gathering facts for Its report.
Yesterday they visited the office of
United States Immigrant Commissioner
Isorth and the Chinese Bureau and took a
statement from acting Bureau Chief John
R. Dunn. The questions were as to the
workings of the exclusion act and the ef
fect of Asiatic competition upon the labor
of the country. . - •
The members of the committee are: R.
C. Clute of Toronto, Canada, acting chair
man; J. Munn of New "Westminster. B.
C.; Christopher Foley of Rossland, B. C;
F. J. Deane of Kamloops, B. C. secre
tary, and A. H. Crawford of Toronto,
stenographer. Mr. Clute Is a very-prom
inent lawyer and a King's counsel. Mr.
Munn is a wealthy operator of canneries
and represents the employing element on
the committee. Mr. Foley is a working
miner and represents the labor interests.
Mr. Deane is proprietor of the Inland Sen
tinel at Kamloops.
For the past three years the question of
Oriental labor competition has been agi
tated in Canada, and in. response to the
popular demand the commission was or
ganized. It is the aim of the committee
to ascertain, among other things, wheth
er the business industries of the Dominion
would be injured or helped by the exclu
sion of Chinese and Japanese laborers.
The investigation will be most thorough.
It has been In progress for threo months
and the commission has visited British
Columbia,- Seattle, Tacoma, Portland and
San Francisco. •
WOULD CONVERT
SHAVE ARTISTS
Omaha Pastor Believes
Barbers Should Be ,
. . - -\. • Theologians.
Could Then Preach the Gospel
to Frequenters ' of
.' Their Shops. .
Special Dispatch to The Call.
OMAHA, Nebr., June 10.— Rev. Mejem
seh Hendricks, evangelist, has launched
a unique crusade. He is carrying the
gospel to barbers. Mr. Hendricks be
lieves that in country towns the barber
shop and not the saloon is the demoral
izing. Influence among young men. He
proposes to organize the barber shops of
Nebraska into an adjunct of the church.
"I have been in barber shops before
now where the air was ! so ! surcharged
with" Satanic Influences that to spit were
an act of worship," is the forceful .way
in which Mr. Hendricks refers to his
mission. "In the country- towns young
men make these shops .their loafing place
hour after hour and oftentimes acquire
habits that lead to their ruin. They can
do • this and still maintain - their social
standing, which would not be true if they
made the livery stable "ana the sa
loon their trysting place." '¦
'Mr. Hendricks' plan is to establish a
mission or what might be called a chair
of theology in the barber colleges of this
city. He has already secured the de
sired permission from one college and
will set to work at once, assisted by his
brother Charles, who has' recently grad
uated from a Chicago ' seminary.
"I am not aiming at the city barber
shops," said the reformer, "as they exert
none of the pernicious influences felt in
country establishments. The young bar
bers who are now learning -their trades
in Omaha, however, will some day open
shops of their , own in small towns. I
want their influence to be for good rather
than evil. In addition to converting bar
bers I hope to .teach them the funda
mentals of. theology so that they them
selves may carry forward the Lord's
work." ¦ ¦
TRENTON, N. J., June, 10.— The Su
preme Court to-day decided the case of
Mayor and Aldermen of Newark - against
the North Jersey Street Railway Com
pany, holding that street 1 railway fran
chises in New Jersey are taxable as real
estate/thus adding to the State revenues
several millions annually. This is con
sidered an important opinion, as it will
affect every city, township and borough
throughout which a trolley road passes. •
Railway Franchises Are Taxable.
LOS ! ANGELES, June 10.— Somewhere
about noon to-morrow „ sixty Railroad
Commissioners from twenty- three States
will roll 'into town from Santa Monica,
and settle down for "a day or so to busi
ness and to the good cheer that Los An
geles is prepared to offer. The party num
bers nearly a. hundred and it comes well
prepared and well minded to find out
every need California has In the way" of
interstate traffic. It comes well prepared,
also, to correct such abuses as may exist
and to make the most of the good time
waiting. , ;<••••¦
The party arrived in Loa Angeles to
night on its special train. It stopped , at
the Arcade depot for only a moment, and
then pulled along to Santa Monica, where
it spent the night. On Wednesday the
party will. visit San Diego, returning in
the evening* to San Pedro. On Saturdav
Catallna Island will be in the itinerary
and on Sunday the party will leave for
the north, en route to Chicago, via San
Francisco and Portland. •
Twenty-Three States Arrive
in the South.
Sixty Railroad Commissioners From
INTERSTATE TRAFFIC ¦¦'
TO BE THEIR THEME
The acreage and condition of clover for
the country as, a whole cannot yet be sat
isfactorily determined.
The acreage under ' rye shows a reduc
tion of 1.9 per cent from that harvested
last year. ' The average condition of rye
is 93.9, as compared with 87.6 on June 1,
1900, and a ten-year average of 89.4.
The average condition of barley is 91.4,
against 86.2 on June 1, 1900; 91.4 at the cor
responding date, in 1899, and a ten-year
, average of 88.5. The ten-year averages
are exceeded by 12 points in California, 4
in Kansas, 4 in South Dakota and 2 in
New York, while Minnesota reported 7,
Wisconsin and North Dakota 3 and Iowa
2 points below such averages. ' :
The acreage reported as under barley
is 1.2 per cent smaller than the area har
vested last year. There is an increase of
7 per cent in "California, but decreases in
Minnesota, "Wisconsin, South Dakota,
Iowa, Kansas, New York and North Da
kota. • , " ¦ • ¦ - .
The average condition of oats is 85.1,
against 91.7 on June 1, 1900, 88.7 at the cor
responding date in 1899 and a ten-year
average of 90. . : . '
The average condition ' of spring wheat
on June 1 was 92, as compared with 87.3
at the corresponding date last year and'
91.4 on " June 1, 1889. The mean of the
June averages for the last ten years is
92.6 and for. the last fifteen years 92.7.
The averages of the principal States are
as follows: . • •
WASHINGTON, June 10.— Preliminary
reports of the spring wheat acreage in
dicate a reduction of about 1,200,000 acres,
or 6.4 per, cent. Of the' twenty States re
porting 10,000 acres or upward . in spring
wheat, eight report an increase aggregat
ing about 34,000 acres and twelve a de
crease amounting to about 1,235,000. There
is an Increase In acreage of 5 per cent in
California. ,
California Shows a Marked Increased
Acreage in Wheat and
Barley.
FRELXMINABY REPORTS
OF CROP PBOSPECT3
Philadelphia Finds Him for Seven
Scattering Hits, but Is Unable
to Score.
NATIONAL LEAGUK.
ST. LOUIS. June 10.— Harper was an enlsm*
to Philadelphia, while Townsend, the young
collegian, was given an awful trouncing by
St. Louis, hence the whitewash story of S to 0.
Attendance 250a Score:
St. Louis .S 13 ft
Philadelphia : 0 7 0
Batteries— Harper and Nichols; Townsend
and Douglas. Umpire— Cunningham.
CHICAGO. June 10. — The visitors hit Eavin
safely In every Inning except two. Donovan
held the locals safely. Attendance 4300. Score:
- H. H. E.
Chicago 18 4
Brooklyn 9 15 1
. Batteries— Eason and Kahoe; Donovan and
McGulre. Umpire — Dwyer.
PITTSBTJRG. June lO.-Van Haltren's three
baggrer in the ninth followed by Selbach's sin
gle saved the New-Torks from a shut-out. Th«
pitching and fielding on both teams waa gllt
edse, the errors by New York being excus
able. Attendance 3000. Score:
R H "F
Pittsburg 3 7 6
New York 16 3
Batteries— FhllHppi and Connor; Taylor and
Bowerman. Umpire— O" Day.
CINCINNATI. June 10.— Miserable fielding on
the part of the home team grave Boston an easy
victory to-day. President Ban Johnson of the
American League witnessed the game. Attend
ance 200O. Score: ,
R H T* '
Cincinnati 5 13 4
Boston j 12 S
Batteries— Newton and Bergen; Willis and
Klttrldge. Umpire — Emslle.
AMERICAN LEAGUE.
BALTIMORE, Juno 10.— Cleveland had little
difficulty in winning from Baltimore to-day
Attendance 1925. Score: .
Baltimore 6 12 4
Cleveland 13 a
Batteries— McGinnlty and Bresnahan; Dowl
ing. Hotter and Teager.
PHILADELPHIA, June 10.— In the tenth
inning of to-day's game Hayden made a muff
of Nance's fly. the latter going to second and
scoring Detroit's winning run on Miller's hit.
The home team played well Jn the field. At
tendance 4631. Score:
' . ¦ • K. • H. E.
Detroit 5 9 g
Philadelphia 4 7 l
Batteries— Miller and Buelow; Platt and
Powers.
BOSTON, June 10.— Boston developed a bat
ting streak in the seventh inning to-day and
scored six runs off Pitchers Hawley and Gar
vin. Attendance, 3600. Score:
R. H. E.
Boston : 7 IS 5
Milwaukee ¦ ..... 4 S ¦ 4
Batteries— Kellum and Shreck; Hawley, Gar
vin and Connor. .
WASHINGTON, June 10.— A home run with
two men on bases to-day gave Chicago the
first ten-inning game played in Washington
this season. Attendance 4117. Score:
R. H. " E.
Washington 10 - 13 ft
Chicago 13 14 3
Batteries— Patten, Gear and Clark; Katoll,
Griffith and Sullivan.
HARPER CONTINUES TO
PITCH PUZZLING BALL
Chinese Ordered Deported.
Toy Nam, a young Chinaman, arrested
last Saturday by Chinese Inspector Gar
diner, was ordered deported yesterday by
United States Court Commissioner Hea
cock. having no papers to show his right
to be in this country.
Manley Would Be Governor.
I LEWISTON, Me., June 10. — A special
to the Lewiston Journal from Augusta
says that Joseph Manley has announced
that he is a candidate for the nomination
of Governor at the conclusion of Gover
nor Hill's term- Mr. Manley declares
that he favors a one-year term for th«
Governor and the suppression of the
whisky traffic.
Connolly. Philip O'Ryan, C. E. O'Nell, P.* M.
Sweeney, E. Kenna, S. J. ; P. Power, M. O.
Rlordan, P. Lynch, Butler, S: J. ; J. Nugent,
Dr. Morrison, P. Brady, P. J. Qulnn, J. J.
Gannon, W. O'Grady, J. Grant, J. Rodgers,
J. Lee, P. Hennessey, R. Fughr and O'Con
nor, O. P.
BID GOOD-BY TO SCHOOL.
St. Peter's Academy Closing Ends
Father Casey Celebra
tion.
The closing exercises of St. Peter's
Academy were made doubly interesting
last night by the entertainment given by
the , pupils on the occasion of the silver
jubilee of Father Casey. Long before
the opening of the programme every
available seat was occupied and standing
room was at a premium. St. Peter's Hall
was beautifully decorated with . festoons
of evergreen and colored bunting in
honor of the pastor, who is held in such
high regard by his flock.
The feature of the entertainment was
the presentation of a drama in one act
entitled »'The Second Spring," written by
Father Yorke as a testimonial to his as
sociate in good works. The drama, which
fittingly portrayed the learning and eru
dition of the composer, was in five
scenes, the first of which showed "The
Passing of the ¦ Friars. "• The scene:
depicted the "Camino Real". leading from
San Francisco, in the year . 1838. As an
interlude "The Festival Day" •was sung
by Misses R. McCarthy, M. Mclntyre, N.
Dillon. D. Driscoll, I. Farrell and C.
Bair. Scene two, "The Vision of the Fu
ture," showed a hill in view of the Mis
sion Dolores and the sea. A Scotch
dance was rendered by Misses I. Fop
piano, M. Keenan,' A. Guthrie and L. Far
rell; The third scene typified the coming
into the priesthood of Father Casey in
1876. Scene four was an eminence in sight I
of St. Peter's School in 1878, the tableau
being "Suffer Little Children." The last
scene was a beautiful picture entitled
"The Silver Years." The cast of charac
ters was as follows:
• The guardian angel of California — Miss T.
O'Connor; friars— Misses M. Cooney. B.
Coonan, Zella Wilson, F. Innskeep, K. Walsh,
C Keane K. Daly. B. Doherty, R. McQuade,
M. Gallagher. M. Keenan, K. McDonnell. E.
Foley G. Deveny, M. Connelly; Indian neo
phytes—A Cooney, D. Doyle, A. Pignaz, A.
Ryall, T. Ahern. M. Flaherty, A. Collins, E.
Murphy, S. Early, A. McDonnell, M. Gilmore;
spirits of the mountains— A. Fitzgerald. E.
Moore, K. Cluny; spirits of the valleys— K.
Welch M Duffy, V. Kennedy; spirits of the
trees— M. Keefe, M. Haley, G. CoUum, M.
Keane M. Girot. J. O'Connell; spirit of the
ocean— Miss M. Barry; the waves— Pupils , of
third grade; spirit of the wind— Miss A.
Cooney the winds— Pupils of fourth and fifth
grades; the school children— Pupils of sixth and
seventh grades; the five and twenty years— Rita
innskeep. K. Deasy, E. Barry, I. Burke, K.
Clarke. S. Kummerow, A. Guthrie, M. Ashe,
M Baxter. R. O'Brien, R. White. M. Hurley,
G* Doyle A. Kraft. M. Barry. K. Flnnegan. C.
Moore G. McDonald. B. O'Brien. G. Butter
worth,' H. Doyle, M. Lyons, G. Guthrie, F.
Deveny, I* Murphy.
Graduating honors were conferred upon
Misses Mary F, Barry, Alice M. Cooney,
Mary T. Haley and Teresa V. O'Connor,
who completed the school course. Dip
lomas were also presented to Misses M.
Flaherty, M. Gilmore, T. Ahern, M. Girot,
F Innskeep, M. Keane, B. Murphy, A.
McDonald, R. McQuade, J. O'Connell, K.
Walsh, M. Connelly, J. Clarke, B. Coon
an. A. 1 Collins, and K. Daley. '
The rest of the programme follows:*
"Ooeratlc Fantasia": First violins. K.
Welch M Bareilles. M. Roche, M. Clarke, B.
Coor.an Second violins— V. Kennedy. A. Guth
rie Master W. O'Brien. Master K. Cannon.
Mardolins-C. Bair, I. Morgan. E. Plstolesi.
Planos-aTcollum, A. Fitzgerald, M. airot. K.
Wal8h*'The Racers," children of the first
and second grades; "Marche des Phantoms,"
V. Kennedy, A. Cooney, K. Welch^ A. Fltz 7
sen-ld; pantomime, senior pupils. "BeUsarie,"
duode concert-First piano. Miss T. O'Connor;
second piano, Mfcsa M. Keefe; "Romance Quar
tet °G.O°l°u m . I. Cluny, K. Walsh. M. Girot:
••Off to Slumberland," children of the first and
second grades ; "The Serenade. Waltz." A.
ruthrie E McCarthy, I. Burke. K. Clarke.
£ Keenan.' S. Kommerow, M. , Flaherty. M.
Dillon. . •
SCHOOLDAY SWEETHEARTS
AtRE MARRIED IN . SECRET
Unheralded Wedding; of Young
People of Maria Now Made
'„ Known to Friends.
SAN RAFAKL, June 10.— Considerable
interest was aroused in the city to-day
when it was learned that 'Olivia S. Jacobs
and Egbert C. Burtchaell were quietly
married in San Mateo last January in the
face of strong paternal opposition on both
sides.: The secret of the' marriage has
been well kept and the parents in the case
thought that their wishes had been re
spected until the youthful Mrs. Burtchaell
yesterday confided to her, mother the
secret of the marriage. \ •
It is a pretty little love story, not new
but always interesting. They were school
mates and sweethearts. At first their
parents paid no attention to the court
ship, but as years passed along the pater
nal eye discovered the germ, of true love.
Then four parents objected. The girl was
too young, she is now hardly nineteen,
and the boy is only two years older. The
children were C advised, coaxed/ threat
ened, but to no purpose. Their courtship
was not -to be. stopped. Last" January
they took advantage of a holiday, and
traveled as far as San Mateo, where they
were married. He returned to the grocery
store and she to the school. -;¦; •..:.-
SQUALL UPSETS BOAT
v AND CHINESE ;DB0WN
B. C. , June 10.— The steam
er, Kinshiu Maru/; arrived this ; morning
fromthe! Orient, being the first of the re
organized Nippon * Yu esen KaJsha ; line
which : has J doubled, § and now gives two
weekly trips instead of a, monthly. service.,
She brought the news that a Chinese pas
senger boat bound from Chusan for Ning
po upset ¦ during a ; squall -. on , May 8, and
out • of sixty-eight " on board only- nine
were -saved. 'Thirty bodies were* washed
ashore. *> -— , ¦'¦'- "''.• ''•'-¦¦', *:/' "'.:¦¦ • •' "- ; •!:. '-' • 1 :. i
A* powder factory blew 1 up on May 14 at
Osaka.;. The 'disaster- was, caused by the
ignition of one ' of : the I grinding j machines,
which ; was not ; properly,- lubricated. Four
men '.were badly injured. ;. " '.- -. 'r ,
] THE SAJ* FKANC1SCO CALL, TUESDAY, JUl^E 11, 1901.
o
'¦;¦ Millions of little glands or tubes connect the blood withthe skin, and through
these small drain pipes perspiration passes out, carrying with it the impurities that
are thrown off by the blood. Should the pores of the skin be entirely closed for
even a brief space of time, and the poisonous matter forced back into the circula-
tion instant death would result. In addition to the sweat glands, the skin is
provided with certain others which pour out upon it an oily substance, keeping
•the skin pliable and soft and protecting it from heat and cold. The blood and skin
, are so closely related that whatever affects one seriously interferes with the func-
tions of the other. Not only health, but life itself, depends upon perfect harmony
between the blood and skin. When, therefore/ the. tmmdgmmmmm - §
blood becomes poisoned from any cause,. it quickly intBrnmi mnU
of sores and ulcers, pimples and various ExtCfttSl JPOiSOHS
eruptive diseases. By the character of the ; ¦ \ . ,
sore we are enabled to determine the nature of the poison or humor in the blood,
' as every disease originating in the blood has its own peculiar sore or pimple. The
skin is not only affected by the poisons generated in the system, but poisons from
without enter through the open glands or pores and quickly infect the blood.
Mercury nibbed upon the skin 'will produce Rheumatism, and Poison Oak andilvy
and other wild plants gain easy access to the blood through the skin. As so-called
.; ; - '; -•» skin diseases originate in the blood, the application
J9ff •*£ '¦'¦ BIOOtf mm ~ °f powders, soaps and washes can do no permanent
f^"f "~ , , . ; ' good, but often do immense damage by
Soft, Healthy &*3%3£&&%*SS?3Z
of the skin. The treatment must begin with the bloodi and the acid or other pois-
ons antidoted or neutralized. S. S. S. does this and purifies the circulation, builds
up the blood and flushes the little, glands or. pores with pure, new blood, and
restores healthy action to the skin. vThe use of cosmetics never yet brought health
and beauty to a rough,* red, pimply skin or sallow complexion. What is needed
is rich pure blood, such as S. S.'S. makes. It not only relieves you of all disfigur-
ing blackheads, blotches and irritating, itching eruptions, but improves your general
health S. S.' contains no mercuiy, potash, arsenic or other mineral, but is a
purely vegetable remedy and the* safest and best in all blood and skm troubles.
Write our physicians for advice or information ; ' they have made a study of , blood
andskin diseases, and'you can have the best medical advice without cost. BOokoa
I Blood and Skin Diseases free. ; > SPECIFIC CO.. ATLANTA 1 6A.
ThA Ckin m mm T0
I llv oHIII the blood
The barber, shop in the Carrollton hotel,
Baltimore, sterilizes everything it uses In
the shop. The sterilizing is done by heat.
The towels, the razors, the strops, the
soap, the combs and brushes are cJl steril-
ized ' before beine used on a customer.
Where there is no sterilization, have the
barber use Newbro's Herpicide. It kills
the dandruff germ, and it is an .intisepMc
for the scalp, and for the face after shnv-
lng. All leading barbers everywhere ap-
preciate these potent facts about Herpi-
cide and they use it. "Destroy the cause,
you remove the effect." ,
A Famous Shop in the Carrollton
Hotel, Baltimore, Maryland.
STABILIZED BAEBEB SHOP.
NEW ADVEHTISEMENTS.THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JTUNE 11, 1 901^ffl|
10
SAN FRANCISCO CALL, p
BUSINESS OFFICE of The San Francisco
Cull, corner of Market and Third streets; open
until 12 o'clock «>vwy night in the year.
ERANCH OFFICES— '27 Montgomery street,
corner Clay: open until 9:30 p. m.
SCO Kayes street: open until 9:30 p. m.
€39 McAllister street; open until 3:20 p. m.
C15 Larkin street: open until S:CO p. m.
I341 Mission Etreet: open until 10 p." m.
22C1 Market etreet. corner Sixteenth: open
until 9 p. m.
1'jfi Eleventh etreet: open until 9 p. m.
JP5S Valencia street: open until 9 p. m.
TCorthwest corner Twenty-second ' and Ken-
tucky Ftreets; op*n until 9 p. m.
?2C0 Fillmore street; open until 9 p. m.
JIEF/mG NOTICES.
CALIFORNIA Chapter No. 5. R. A. M., »
will meet THIS (TUESDAY) EVEN- Jk
ING. June 11. at 7:30 o'clock. R. A. VL^f
d^sree. By ord«-r of the H. P. r*V
FRANKLIN H. DAY. Secretary.
GOLDEN GATE Lodge No. 30, F. and A. •
M.— Called meetins THIS (TUESDAY) +&%-
EVENING, at V:20 o'clock. Degree 3. )%J\
By order of W. M. f >
EDWIN L. MEYER. Secretary.
ORIENTAL Lofise No. 144, F. and A. M. •
-Second degree THIS (TUESDAY) Jfc,
EVENING, at 7:20 o'clock. 75J\
A. S. HUBBARD, Sec. ' '
EXCELSIOR Lodge No. 166. F. and A. •
M.— Special meeting THURSDAY, June
13. at 1:30 p. m.. for the purpose of X3T
conducting the funeral of our deceased » v
treasurer. BROTHER AARON DOUD. By
order of the W. M. H. J. OV.'EX, Sec.
WALHALLA Encampment No. 7, I. O. fk /J
O. F.— The officers and tte funeral com- yr
mittee cf the above named Encamp- S\
ment are hereby notified to assemble X X
at Odd Fellows' Hall, corner Market and
Seventh Fts.. on TUESDAY. June 11, at 1:30
p. m.. for the purpose of attending the
funeral of our late brother and Patriarch,
CARL ITJEN. By order of the Chief Patri-
archy CHAS. QUAST. Fin. Scribe.
CONCORDIA Lodge No. 122. I. O. <^^ttte',
O. F.— The members of the funeral
committee are hereby notified lo
assemble at Odd Fellows' Hall. //in
TUESDAY. June 11. at 1:30 o'clock p. m.. to
attend the runeral of our late brother,
CHAS. ITJEN.
HUGO SCHEUNERT, N. G.
CHRIST ROEBER. Rec. Sec.
THE California Debris Commission, having
received applications to mine by the hy-
draulic process from A. Lundberg, in the
Joseph Thomas mine, at Plymouth, Amador
County, to deposit tailings in Indian Cnwk.
and from S. I. Simmons et als.. in the Vic-
tor placer mine, in Negro Canon, Sierra
County, to deposit tailings In Charcoal or
Negro Creek, gives notice that a meeting
will be held at room SS. Flood building, San
Francisco. Cal.. on June U, 1901. at 1:30 p. m.
CHEAPEST~and best In America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for SI.
postage paid.
AGEVTS WA.XTED.
Tf ANTED — Every newsboy to sell copies of the
latest comedy. "The Police Commissioner of
Czarville": big profits. For copies call at
. grocery. NW. cor. Greenwich and Baker sts.
SOMETHING new; fast seller: easily handled;
Btnali capital. Particulsrs write or call DUK-
DEE MFG. CO.. 40S4 Grove St.. Oakland.
ASPHALTCM HOOFING.
J. FELTIER. asphalt roofing, sidewalks r*-
psired: mortal. 11S6 Mission: tel. Folsom 1S07.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free: divorce law a. specialty; private;
no fe* without success; collections. G. W.
HOWE, atty at law, 850 Market* cor. Stc-ckton.
ADVICE free: no charges unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. S27 Market ft., opp. Mason.
L. S. CLARK. Emma Pppeckely bids.. 927 Mar-
fret Ft.: consultation free: no fees In advance.
IWAItaiXG VOli. CHILDREN.
BERKELEY lady would take children to
board: best care. Address 2127 Prince St..
Ashby station.
A GOOD country home for children with best
of care. S33 Forty-sixth St.. Oakland.
• OR 3 children to board, -week or month: best
*°* ""^ '"iRTi^ v*» T*d :**r.F*»hiol :r^a.poTiab!*».l*i97 Cal.
nujIXESS CUAXCES.
S700— CORNER grocery and bar with" 3 living
rooms; rent $16; choice location in the Mis-
elon; a steady and (rood-paying business.' In-
quire R. G. WILKE. 26^ Kearcy st
A— $130: COFFEE saloon and restaurant: rent
$30: best location : clearing $100 per month
Inquire R. G. WILKE. 26^ Kearny st.
A— $1250; MUST be sold in three days; half in-
terest In leading French restaurant of the
city: death in family cause of sale. See R.
G. WILKE. 26^ Kearny st.
GREAT bargain— Saloon, 9 furnished rooms
and bar; price $530; rent $25; doing a first-
class business: water front. R. G. WILKE
2CH Kearny st.
A— $2C00; COUNTRY saloon. 30 miles from S.
F. ; rert SC5; place doing business of SSOOO per 1
year; license $100 per year; lease. Particu- >
la re R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A— $1250; FANCY grocery with selected stock
of wines and liquors: no bar; bottle trade; ,
close to City Hail: living rooms; good busi-
ness. Call R. G. WILKE. 26'£ Kearny st.
A— $600; DELICACY, with home cooking de-
partment, doing a business of $30 per dav;
rent $22; a money-making place. Call R. G.
WILKE. 2S«i Kearny et.
A— $400; BRANCH bakery with nicely fur-
nished room; rent $12; daily receipts $10; lo-
cation Polk Et. Call R. G> WILKE, 26^-
Kearny et-
A RAUE chance: price $1900; dairy, produce
end delicatessen store, clearing above $150 per
month: rent $13; stock will invoice price-
location can't be beat. Call R. G. WILKE
26% Kearny gt. -
A— $750*; SALOON'; no better located place in
this city; rent $50; place clears easily $150
per month; no night work. See R. G.
WILKE. ZV& Kearny gt.
A— $2000; BOARDING and livery stable; West-
ern Addition; net rent $48; clearing above $150
per month; large patronage; stock of bug-
pies, horses and harness first class. Call R.
G. WILKE. 2V£ Kearny st.
A A A— $600— Printing business; clears $100 mo.
M0O0— Grocery and bar; low rent; pays well.
$650 — Notions, school supplies; very cheap.
S13<0 — Cigar stand; down town; long lease.
SSOC — Partnership; large profits; no store.
?6000 — r ine country crocery.
V.'e have a large number of different busl-
nef.set for sale from $150 to $12,000. Call in
Rnd see what we can offer you.' WALTER
HAYES & CO.. £38 Market st.
A— WE Tiave buyers for cigar store. $1000;
saloon, $40C0 to $5000; barber shops, $DO0 and
$11CO; general busir.ess, $G00 and $1000. List
your business with us; no charge for a<lver-
tlslng. WALTER HAYES & CO., 838 Market.
A— J230: PARTNER in old-established commis-
sion business; can make $100 month; experi-
ence unnecessary. STRAND & KAISER, 203
Kearny et.
A— ?275: CIGAR stand: No. 1 location; receipts
$10 day; bargain. STRAND & KAISER, 200
Kearny Et,
A— $500; GROCERY and bar: must sell account
death. STRAND & KAISER. 209 Kearny st.
TOU can be tuited in any kind of business by
calling at office.
G. W. SCHWEINHARD. 917 Market st.,
near Fifth. Phone, Mint 1911.
GROCERY and bar; family cash trade; cheap
rer.t; living furnished rooms; make an offer.
Business Board of Trade, 326 Pine st.
$6f— COFFEE and chophouse: must be sold to-
day; owner leaves for Europe. 243 Fifth st.
BRANCH bakery and variety store: good place
for man and wife. 531 Fourth et.
FOR Bale — Coffee and chop-house; $70. 217
Sixth «t.
ARE you ambitious to get Into a legitimate,
profitable business of your own without capi-
ta!? Here !* an opportunity; write us. Inclos-
ing 2.io, Ftamus or silver, for plan. Exc.i;ior
Company. 727 Market et.
WE .have pome select oil land In Devil Den
district which must be sold. Further Infor-
mation West Coast • Investment Co., Phelan
building.
A— SELECT butcher business; a choice loca-
tion; will Bell cheap, as owner has other
business. Box 42o3. Call office.
FOR sale—Corner grocery and bar. Corner Zoe
end Freelon sts. '
GREAT chrtnee to secure fine modern store-
good location for any business. 215 O'Far-
rell Ft., near Mason; see it.
COUNER grocery and bar; pood business; larg-
Btoek; fine fixtures: 4 living rooms; cause
sickness. Address 743 Brannan et.
TO let— Country blacksmith shop, with tools
Inquire at E'.mhurst Exchange, Elmhurst'
near Oakland. . .,*; ,-' "
TO exenange— Alaska developed mines for
property or business. 803>4 Turk et.
FIRST-CLASS French liquor store; est. 25 yrs.;
horse, wagon, cellar, etc. ; rent $50. ¦ M01 Powell!
SMALL milk business - for sale cheap. 949
Thlrty-fcvonth st., Oakland.
UAN -with fJOO to Join'narty to work nlacer
claim «t Cupe Koine. Box JS33. Call office.
A BRANCH office for Call ad I'ertlsementa and
rubecriptlons has been established at 1031
FOR SAL'S.
H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market, phone Mint 7SG.
Established Over 26 Years v ....
Offers for Sale or Exchange
Rooming Houses, Bcardinjr Houses
Hotels,* Flats, Private Homes
City and Country Real Kstate
Stores and Business Places
All sizes, .price and
locations, from ?10 to $10,000
for cash, -Installments or easy
payments; money to loan at
lowest rates; give me a call
I can suit you. DECKER, 1020 Market st.
ALL BARGAINS ;..'.. ...-..;
lS-room .house; sure to clear S100 $700
38 rooms; all rented; clears $175 2000
26 rooms; elegant corner; clears $150 1900
39 rooms on Market; clears J200 1S00
21 rooms; fine and sunny; clears 5140 1200
10 rooms; very central; on Taylor 400
16 rooms; near Eddy; new furniture...... 1350
560 other houses, from $50 to $10,000.
Give me a call. I sell and exchange real es-
tate and business places. What do you. want
or what have you to offer? '
H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market st.
A. CAMERON & Co..
S50 Market et. and 8 Stockton st.
Rooms 21. C2 and 23. Phone Bush 328.
If you have hotel, rooming house or business
to sell list, with us. We have cash customers
for all sizes and prices. See list of bargains.
62 rooms; rent $135; well fur.; reduced $3250
45 rooms; rent only $125; clears ?225; good
location; fur.; carpets: investigate 4000
60 rooms; rent $125: 2-year lease; hard-
wood fur.: perm., transient roomers; 20
?front rooms 1800
15 rooms; rent 557 50; part cash: grood ¦ 900
18 rooms: rent $47; brick building: good
fur., cpts: reduced to make quick sale 423
25 rooms; rent $110: fine location 900
ES rooms; cor.; rent only $125: lbcated cen-
ter business part city of Stockton; best
paying house in city; elesant fur.;
•clears $275 : SOOC
A— MARION GRIFFIN, The Real Estate Agent.
719 Market st.. rooms U-2; by the Call bldg.
16 rooms; 2 flats n. of Mkt.: clear $76 $1000
8 rooms; G. G. ave.; rent ?40; new turn.;
Moquette cpts.; y-> cash: income, $5S.... 423
4S rooms; 2 floor?; rent $123; fine corner.. 1800
25 rooms: easy terms; velvet and Brussels
cpts; hair mattresses: clears $93 over all 2000
21 rooms: rent $75; profit^J60 over all 1000
50 rms.; hotel; elevator; clears $2000 yearly 6000
WINSTON & WOLF.
\ 1026 Market st.
15 rooms: corner; a snap; rent $50 $ r >00
36 rooms; must sell for 500
15 rooms; rent $50; only 800
JO rooms; corner: rent $G5 1330
T2 rooms; rent $40; clears $100 12r>0
CO rooms; rent $65: for 12J0
ATTENTION, BUYERS!
Tou may buy any rooming-house in
the city, and pay for it
in monthly payment*
from the profits
of the house. *
Vacant houses furnished. _
DONALD INVESTMENT CO.. S50 Market
FISHER & CO., 935 Market si., opp. Mason.
37 rooms, price $800; 35 rooms, price $1400.
24 rooms, price $1000: 12 rooms, price $550.
16 rooms, price $1400; 11 rooms, price $325.
8 rooms; finely furnished: -rent $30; $500.
If a bargain, we have them at any price.
18 ROOMS on Pine St.. price $450.
8 rooms on Minna St.. price $250. •
34 rooms on Taylor St.. price $700.
19 rooms on Grant ave., price $1500.
Eureka Real Estate. 28 Sixth st.
THE largest and best list of lodging houses
and hotels can be found at office of
G. W. SCHWEINHARD.
No. S17 Market st. (near Fifth St.).
Phone Mint I9U.
FOR SALE — Sunny corner lodging house; 15
rooms: one block north Market; rent $50; price
$550. Box 4277. Call.
20 ROOMS, newly furnished: 3 years' lease;
S450. Apply at. 105 New Montgomery st.
29-ROOM lodging-house for sale cheap, on ac-
count other business. 81 Natoma st.
10 ROOMS; finely furnished house; $750. 305
Jones st.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United Ptatcs or Canada one year for $1.
postage paid.
SPIRITUALISM.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY—
Trance, business medium; life reader; exam-
ines ore; oil locations; medical' clairvoyant;
treats, cures sick; cancer removed without
use of knife. 1164 O'Farrell, nr. Gough; Ellis-
st. car; E.lt., $1: letter, $2. Tel. Hyde 2461.
JOHN SLATER— Circles, 25c. Mon. & Fri. eves.,
8:15; Wed. afternoon, S;45; sittings daily, 10
to 4, except Sun. 3803 Stockton, nr. Greenwich.
MRS. LOUISE S. DREW. Psychic. Electric
and Magnetic Healer. Room 14, 305 Larkin
St.; tel. Howard 2711; hours 10 a. rn. to 6 p. m.
MATERIALIZING seance to-night; ' readings
and spirit photographs daily. ARNOLD
SICKSON, 14S Sixth st.
MME. YOUNG'S demonstration of spirit return
. to-night; 10c. 605 McAllister; come, skeptics.
Mrs. Harland's circle to-night, Wed., Thurs.,
10c; ladies' circle Sat., 2 p. m., 25c. 148 6th st.
W. G. KEEGAN holds spiritual meeting everv
night except Sat.; 10c. 148 Sixth st., 2d floor.
C. V. MILLER'S materializing trumpet seance,
8 p. m., 50c. 1084 Bush st.
MRS. LESTER. 148 Sixth, rm. 12; cir. every
eve.. 10c. except devel. dr.. Friday eve.. 25c.
MRS. H. A. DUNHAM, business and test me-
dium; many years' exper. 14 McAllister, r. 35.
Mrs. Gillingham. hrs. 1 to 5; circles Sun., Wed.,
Fri.. 10c. 305 Larkin. Wed.,Sat..Oakld..532 22d.
EDWARD EARLE. 328 Ellis St.— Readings
daily; seance Sun.. Tues. and Thur3.
MRS. DR. DEAN, magnetic healer. 1027«4 Mar-
ket St.. room 1. second floor.
KATIE HEUSSMANN. 136 West Mission St.,
nr. 13th— Circle Fri. eve., 25c: sittings dally.
FRIENDSHIP Hall. 335 McAllister— Mrs. C. J.
Meyer: sittings dally: test to all to-night; 10c.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
mme m" Bernard!
the famous
Clairvoyant and business medium, permanent-
ly located at 17 Third st, next Examiner bldg.
She reads your life correctly, gives an accur-
ate description of the past, reveals the present
happenings and portrays events to occur In the
future. If you are In trouble, discontented, un-
happy or not satisfied In life,' or have domes-
tic, love or business troubles, consult this great
medium and you will be told how to overcome
them. Valuable advice in all affairs of life;
25c up; perfect satisfaction guaranteed.
DIFFERENT FROM ALL OTHERS. ~
1000 Callers Since May 1st.
Naaman, Russian seer, medium, palmist and
advisor, tells your name, what you called
for. cures your disease or anything you want
to knew; no charges in advance; satisfaction
guaranteed; develops mediums In 2 months;
teaches palmistry, clalrvoyancy; hours 9 a. m.
to 9 p. m. ; readings by mall. 326 O'Farrell. i
MRS. DR. F. CLARK, the well-known trance
medium, is permanently located at 1206 Mar-
ket st., corner Golden Gate ave., rooms 25 and
26; take elevator. Perfect satisfaction guar-
anteed by mail; send stamp for pamphlet
with special terms. Daily and Sur.day.
MME. ARNDT, the great clairvoyant, tells past
and future: never fails; has the greatest
Egyptian secret: shows picture of future hus-
band or wife: 25c up; satisfaction to every-
body: cures diseases by sympathy. 215V4 Sixth.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader, born with double veil— second sight;
diagnoses disease with life reading; ladies 50c.
rents $1; palm, and clalr. elt., $150. 126 Turk.
ISMAR. the Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently, located 1148 Market, op.
6th; private readings daily. 10 a. m. to 5 p. -m.
KNOW your fate; Mme. Richards, astrological
palmist and reader of human destlnv; never
falls; readings, 5Cc. 1203 Mission st., cor. 8th.
MME. SANDERS, 127 Mason et.. medium and
palmist; teaches mind telegraphy and gives
advice on all business; hours 12 to 8. .
MME. MONTAGUE, clairvoyant and palmist,
gives names, facts, dates; satisfaction by
mail; Inc. stamp. 1382 Mrket. op. Odd Fellows.
Mrs. Dr. Saylor.queen of clairvoyants and palm-
ists; names and dates; L. 25c; G. SOc: mall $1.
" 1511V4 Market, op. Van Ness; tel. Mint 1033.
MRS. MELVILL. well-known clairvoyant, water
reader. 11. €th; German spoken: tel.Howard, 1846
MME. WALTERS, great card reader: ladles 23c;
gents SOc. 551 Mission, nr. 6th; open Sundays.
FOR peace of mind see Mesmar. the great
clair., life reader; truth only. 1132 Mission.
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant, card reader; la-
dles 2nfc: cents 50c. 132 Sixth st.
MME. SCHAFFER. clairvoyant, card reader;
sittings dally. 44SU. Jessie st.. bet. 5th and Gth.
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
palmistry: truth or no pay; 21c. 1149 Mission.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently: business
advice: names given: 23c up. 5 Fourth st.
CAPE NO3IE.
XOME and Teller City, sailing July 15; limited
number, of passengers; last steamer this
. month. C. F. MOORE. S35 Market st.,' rm. 6.
CHIROPODISTS.
INGROWN nails, bunions, corns." warts. - chil-
blalns: palnWs cure. Dr. Duncan. 415 Sutter.
COTTAGES TO LET.
FINE new furnished cottage in Corte Madera;
marine view;, wooded..' Apply 219% ¦ Sanchez.
COTTAGES •FOR SALE.'
FOR sale— Nice cottage, 4 rooms, 1 bath;- every
convenience. 629 Sixth ave.. nr. Park. Rich-
mond.- "-.'<4S&Bfflffi ' ¦¦ • '¦• -
CARPET BE ATIXG AND CLEANIXg1 :
WHEN you become disgusted with poor, work
tend to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-Beat-
ing Works. 37.3-357 Tehama St.; tel. South. 40.'
ADVANCE Carpet-Cleaninsr Co.. 402 Sutter St.;
. tel. Main 294. GEO. WALCOM. \ Proprietor.
RUDOLPH & CO.. carpet-beating works; prices'
reasonable. 1703 Harrison: tel. Howard 2351.
JONES & CO.. reliable carpet cleaners and ren-
ovators. 25-27 Eighth St.; tel. Jessie tO6L
SANITARY cleaning and dyeing company. 342-
344 McAllister eL;- phone South 146. ,
CITY Steam Carpet-Beating Works. G. H.
STEVENS, mgr.. 3S-40 Sth st.; tel. South 250.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet-Beating and 'Reno-,
vatlng Co.. 240 Fourteenth St.; tel. Mission ,74/
CARPETS cleaned at the lowest rates.' STRATf
j TON. 3 Eighth st.; telephone Jessie 944. '
CONKLIN'S Carpet-Beatlni? Works. 333 Golden
1 Gate avp.: telephone East 126. -\- *"_.__1__
COLLECTION OFFICES.' .
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency- No ctaarse un-
)ess Fuccessful. Room 310. 927 Market st.' .'
PRESSMAKEItS AND SKAMSTRKSSES
MCDOWELL Iireasmakins & Millinery School-
Class rates; patterns cut. 1019 Mark'et st.
ACCORDEON pleating; country orders prompt
attention. 121 Post, over O'Connor & Moffatt..
DENTISTS.
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL/ CLINIC, 809 Mar-
ket St., cor. 4th, rm 7, Flood bldg., you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns.
$3 50 up; plates, extractions free, $4 50 up; of-
fice hours, 9 a. m. to 10 p. m. : Sundays, 9 to 2
p. m. J. W. THATCHER, M. P.. . Manager.-,
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, bridges
•and fillings; extractions or filling's by my
v/onderful secret, painless method; 20 years'
experience; no students; advice free; prices
cheapest and guaranteed; lady attendants.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell st.
A— NEW unbreakable plate, the Rose Pearl,
warranted for 20 years; crowns. $3 50; fillings,
£0c; plates, $S: full set; all work painless and
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth.
! EXPERT dentist in order to build up a prac-
! tice will fill teeth, make plates, gold crowns j
j and bridge work at bedrock prices. Office
j 1141 Polk st.. .corner Sutter; open Sundays.
AT Ideal Dental Co., 6 Eddy . st.— Work done
on weekly installments; lowest rates. -j
PARIS Dental Parlors. 235 Kearny, cor. Bush— j
.Full set of teeth. $4; crowns. ?3; fillings, 25c. j
DR. R. L. WALSH.SlaSiGeary.f.r.Larkin-Pain-
leps extraction SOc; plates $5 up;phonePolkllS3.
DR. H. G. TRUMAN, dentist, third floor. Ex-
aminer building; formerly in Murphy bldg.
LOWEST prices in S. F. Painless extraction,
SOc. N. Y. Dentists. %9 Mission st.. cor. 6th.
VAN 1 VROOM— "Painless"; evenings and Sun-
days. 1001 Market St.. corner Sixth. :
SET of teeth without plate." DR. H. G.
YOUNG. 1341 Polk st.
EDUCATIONAL.
GALLAGhHr^MARSH College, Parrott bldg.—
Shorthand, typing and bookkeeping; Robert
F. Gallagher, expert court reporter, teacher of
shorthand; reportorial phrasing taught; prac-
tical bookkeeping, full course. $5Q; catalogue.
HEALD'S EUSINESS^COLLEGE, 24 Post St.,
S. F.— Bookkeeping, shorthand, typing, lan-
guages, telegraphy. English branches, civil,
electrical and mining engineering, etc.; day
& night ses-sions: new SO-page catalogue free.
AYRES' Business College, 723 Market St.— Day
& eve.; bookkeeping, shorthand, typing:, teleg-
raphy, etc.; life scholarship, $30; individual
instruction: positions secured; catalogue free.
A— THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school for the university, law and medical
colleKes; references, President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building 1 .
ACTING, elocution, specialties; Hallett School,
associated with theatrical agency securing
positions. Alcazar building, 320 O'Farrell st.
ENGINEERING— Civil, elec.,minlng,m»ch., sur-
vey, as-say, cyanide: day, eve.; est. 1864. Van
derNaillen School. 113 Fulton, nr.. City Hall.
A FULL course of Ellis bookkeeping and the
Gregrg shorthand costs only S60. San Fran-
cisco Eusiness College, 1236 Market st.
A SPECIALTY— Perfecting beginners; business
college graduates; bookkeeping; figures; short
time. TARR. exp. acct., 220 Parrott bldg.
MERRILL-MILLER College, shorthand and
typing, removed to new quarters, rms. 40-45,
Parrott bldg., Individ. Instruction; catalogue.
PROF. L. MERKI. successful teacher of violin,
mandolin and guitar. 1008 Mission St., nr. Gth.
Munson. School Shorthand, Typing.Bookkeeping,
¦ Spanish. 137 Montgomery. E. M. Carpenter, pr.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc.; day or eve.; $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
_^^^^LECTKO-T1IERAPUTIC.
Electric-Chemic medication cures faulty nutri-
tion, nerve, blood & constitutional diseases.
Drs. K. & K.'s Electric Sanitarium. 8 Mason.
S EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
JAPANESE Housecleaning Co. — Thoroughly re-
liable; best help sent short notice: competent
men. 1123 Sutter, nr. Polk; tel. Larkln 2391.
JAPANESE and Chinese. help of all kinds;
cooks, waiters and Louse servants. GEO.
AOKI & CO., 421 Post Bt. ; tel. Bush 135.
ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese, Chi-
nese help. 426 Powell, nr. Sutter; tel. Black S072.
JAPANESE, central housecleaning and employ-
ment; all kinds help. 1046 Sutter; tel. East 203.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese employment of-
fice; ail kinds help. .n« Stockton: Main 3188.
EMI'JLOVSIE\T WASTED FEMALE.
FIRST-CLASS German chambermaid desires
. situation, country, good references; a woman
with a child wants a position, good cook and
houseworker. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
2 FIRST-CLASS German girls desire situations
as cook and chambermaid 'or second girl;,
good references. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter.
A GOOD willing woman wishes a situation to
do general housework In the city or short
distance in country; Is a good cook and
laundress. Address 227 Minna st.
TWO friends wish positions in first-class hotel
as chambermaids; town or country.' Box
4227. Call. . ' - .
A RELIABLE woman wants a situation to do
light housework In a small family; Is a
good plain cook; no postals. 712 Natoma St.,
upper flat.
NURSE, experienced in office work, would like
position in doctor's office; excellent refer-
ences. Address box 4300, Call.
WANTED — Work for 3 or 4 hours a day to
assist in kitchen or pantry or chamberwork
by a middle-aged woman. Address 30, Minna.
A YOUNG girl wishes position to care for
children. Call 1522 Sanchez st. : •
A GERMAN girl would like place to do house-
work; $20. Please call at 1143 Florida st.
GERMAN woman raised in America wishes a
situation to do housework. Call 137 Third st.
A RELIABLE young girl wishes to assist In
light housework; no cooking. Apply at 166
Tehama st.
WANTED— By reliable woman, work by the
day: housework, plain washing; ?1 10 per day;
Room 19, 146' Eleventh st.
A RESPECTABLE girl wishes position at gen-
eral housework. Apply 271 Clementina St., off
Fourth. . .... -
GERMAN girl would like position' as second
girl. Call 1156 Guerrero Bt. ,
GENTS' mendln? done at reasonable! rates.
Room 3, 827A Howard et. • , ¦
YOUNG lady wishes place as housekeeper.
Call at 827 A Howard st., room 13. -' . -
YOUNG girl would like a situation to assist
in light housework and care of children;
wages $12. Apply fruit store, Laguna St., I
between Fulton and Grove. ; «
MIDDLE-AGED American woman wishes posl- |
tion as housekeeper for 1 or 2 In family;
country preferred; no triflers. -Address I
Housekeeper, 1 Folk st. .«;
EXPERIENCED young lady, speaking French '
and German, wishes a position for upstairs !
work and sewing, waiting at table or care of
grown children; 3 years' city reference; state
name and wages. Box 4266, Call office. . . I
WOMAN wants washing or other work -to do
M. REICHOW, 417 Harrison st.
A YOUNG woman wishes situation as nurse'
for a child; good wages. -Box 42S0, Call. j
FIRST-CLASS dressmaker, late of New York,
wishes to go out for $2 a day; Apply to MRS ¦
N. WAHLQUIST, 509 Kearny st. - ....
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St., near Mar-
ket— 200 rooms; 25c to $1 E0 per night; 51 50 to
IC week; convenient and respectable; free 'bus
• and baggage to and from ferry. s . ¦ ¦ *
A BRANCH office for Calladvertisements'and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
¦. ' Valencia St. y "¦-.- ' ;» . ¦.^— -.-.'• ....
CLASSIFIED advertisements and' subscriptions
. received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore.: -
EMPLOYMENT WANTED— MALeTT
SMALL young man (German), 22, would like to
start in any kindof a business; references.
BOX.2CQ9. Call office. . - ¦
SITUATION wanted_by> sober/. willing single
: man; knows how to care for horses and rigs;
. is .- very handy around private .residence;, un-
derstands, gardening; good references.' -""Box
422S, Call' office. i -- . .-. ,v , . ¦ - : ,'.'
EMPLOTHEXT WANTED- -MALB.
COACHMAN,, first-class I family ' man. seeks
engagement with good pay. 'Address S. A. P.,
box 2254. Call office, Oakland;:- : . ¦
YOUNG- man, I good carpenter, has I tools, , also
good hand with horses, would like a place
: on. large -ranch. .".Box 4197, Call, of flee. ¦ . :
HOTEL manager, middle-aged, single, speaks
French, German, Flnglish. is bartender and
waiter, seeks engagement. : , Box 4295, Call.y
BARBER. 2 years' experience, wants work
with: good man. Address box 4286, Call. .
WANTED— By a married man, as steward for
a mining, boarding-house- or to .manage a
hotel in country; best of reference given; 4
..years in last, place. .Address W. A. M..-516
,',Van Ness ave. . ¦ : . ¦ ¦
WANTED, by competent gardener: thoroughly
greenhouses, - propagating ¦ and
C-gardening of all kind*; experience unlimited.
Bos 4213, Call. . -. . . .' - -
YOUNG man wishes situation as second or
• third hand on bread or cakes in country. >Ad-
drea3 H. F. JANTZEN. 1213 26th St., Oakland.
WANTED— Employment by steady, 'reliable
| man who is not afraid of work; city or.coun-
try. good references. Address JV O.,' 46 Rausch.
YOUNG man wants ! position in wholesale' :dry
goods and gents', f urnishgs: 1008^ Market.- r. 4.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore st
A' BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established, at ,1098
; Valencia St. .' % ¦ ,
; -; :V |" EXCHANGE. ..,
EXCHANGE and sale office. 321 Phelan bldg..
Market, st. — Send particulars, of anything.you
have, for exchange, sale or want; registration
free; insurance and leans. - , '•
•FEATH-E It RENOVATING.
Feather beds, pillows, hair mattresses steamed,
purlfifd.' Owen McCab». 870 Mission, co*. Sth.
', PLATS TO LET.
ETE^A^T^^Trwv^a^TsssT^F^Tren^T^
Pierce and Scott, 7 rooms and' bath; rent $35.
G. H. UMBSEN & CO., 14 Montgomery st.
CHERRY, -111, bet. Washington and Jackson—
4 rooms, and bath $12; water free. Inquire
127 Golden Gate ave. . - ¦ • /
NINETEENTH. 3984. corner Noe— Lovely low-
er 4-room modern flat $15; water free. Key
. 3978 Nineteenth St.. -
THREE nice sunny flats; newly papered and
painted ; 3 and 4 rooms. 647, 649 and 653 Jes-
Ble st., naar Seventh; $12 and $15.
$6— NEW flat, 3 rooms; carpet, range: yard;
water free. 21 Holly St.. 50 feet from Mission
st. cars, opp. 33d and Mission; no children.
APPLY Sutter, 2300—6 sunny jooms; appreciated
if seen; $22 50; water free; please investigate.
FLAT of 4 sunny rooms; yard x and cellar; rent
$14. 262 Octavia - st.
HAIGHT. 459B, near Flllmore— Flat of 4 sunny
rooms; yard and basement; $12.
NICE furnished corner flat of 4 rooms and bath;
_rent $18. 41 Hermann st., near Valencia. _.
PAGE, R03-r5 rooms and bath;. Just vacant;
reasonable rent. > .
RENT $9— Sunny flat of 3 rooms. 1328 Jessie
St., off Herman.
SEVENTH, 229, near Howard— Upper flat of 4
sunny rooms and bath; no children; - •
FLATS TO LET — Furnished.
GOLDEN : GATE ave., " 1517— Upper flat, fur-
nished, 4 rooms, bath; garden; nice home; $25.'
i ELEGANT furnished flat. 5 rooms, bath. 1221
¦ Laguna st, corner EUls. -
FLATS FOR SALE — FURNISHED. 1
I FOR sale— Newly furnished fiat of 4 rooms
1 and -bath at 411. Ellis st;. near Jones. > £«,
FORMTUKB FOR SALS.
4 ROOMS furnished in oak, $48 EO, with No. .7
range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
KlIKMTIiUH WAKTE1).
! CAL. Auction Co., 1462 Market— Buys furniture,
; merchandise, etc.; phone Jessie 2071.. i\ ".- ¦¦: -.,
BEFORE disposing of your furniture Be*
Golden Gate Auction Co., 928 Howard st. - ¦
A. WOLLPERT. 773 Mission St., pays highest
price for second-hand furniture; tel. Red 1254.
Auctioneer— L. Vincent, 1305 Larkin ; tel J"olk691;
furniture & furn'd houses bought ; spot" Cash.
CHAS. LEVY buys your furniture, *, carpets,
pianos, etc. 1135 Market St.: tel. Je-^ie 76L
KELP WASTED— FEMALH. ! ;;
WAITRESS," summer resort, $20; chambermaid,
$6 per week; second girl, city, %ll\'- German
nurse, Los Angeles, $25; cook, hotel, ¦ Nevada,
$35; 10 chambermaids and waitresses, ¦ city ana
country, $20 and $25. MISS CULLEN,: .'¦ S25.
Sutter St.- . *. '¦ :.', -,:-
MRS. M. E. DAY Phone Main 1575
,.. HOTEL DEPARTMENT*..;........
¦ Head waitress, $30; head waitress, $25: 32
3 -waitresses, first-class springs and resort3, tiO:
waitress for Arizona, $30 to $35,' fare paid; 3
waitresses, Colorado, fare hsre; 10 waitresses,
country and city, $20 and $2.5; 3 chaT^-^maids!
- to wait. $20.' ¦ • ¦ :. ¦ ¦ -¦.'¦tr i . •¦"- i
• FAMILY DEPARTMENT:.;...'....;;':
Cooks, second girls and nurses lrl: many verji i
choice places; best wages. MRS. M : S. DAY/
335 Geary Et. •*.' ' 1 /
A NEAT young saleslady, $7"weei- r«o'ers.r?-'f*
j ence necessary. MRS. M. E. D.^jf, 335 Gcar| I
WANTED— Hotel cook, country, - $40; » pastry
cook, city, $35; 8 cooks, plain vrash,"$£S to &;
girl for general housework, country,' $30; (wo
j waitresses, nice country hotel.'- $25; three
: waitresses, hotel, city, $20: 2 waitresses, I es-
- taurant, $8 week; 6 second girls, el tyjand
country, $20 to $25; cook, private ¦ loaning*:
house, ?30; 45 girls, general houBework./clty
i and country, $25 to $30, and others. Apny to
J. F. CROSETT & CO., 316 Sutter tit: - '¦-:- f .-¦ ,
A— HOTEL GAZETTE, 26 Montgomery, rp. 12.
Waitresses, resorts, first-class , places; /^?.*:
WANTED— A young girl. 12 to ,13 . ye*!*3,. to
care for baby; must sleep- home; w-JsesJS
per month. AIRS. WOOD, 117 Oak; call aMur
'10 a. m. • _ • ; ; ' . .• j : ; .-; ; 7;-.« r :\'--. : -
YOUNG girl for" general housework arid pfaln
cooking, $20. Call 9 a. m. to 12 m., ?1* Brod-
1 erick st. ..-• - ,- ¦ ', '¦,.'¦:."¦'¦. ;* ~l': j, ';¦'.--' '¦¦¦'-*
WANTED— Woman to help . in kitchei; ; must
understand some cooking. \'. 818 Moi.tgomery
St.; near Pacific. | • | ¦¦ '¦.';/ }' : ¦¦'¦'¦'' ' '
WANTED-^Woman to 'work by the i.ay; Ger-
man or Scandinavian preferred. fXC^Sacra^
mento.st.. near Hyde. ¦ ;> ;>,.?.'¦'' .'-':/ f '-''' '¦¦ '¦
LADY agents to sell latest j lmyro^ed | ladles',
apparel ; great ! seller; large ;comm<fesion. 3 Call
• room 11. 121 Post st. ; ¦"¦ < -\ ¦')" ¦¦"--"¦'/ \''-'---- : f.'. *¦¦¦»
APPRENTICES wanted, on coats; fcaid wh««
learning. Apply Metropolitan; Tailoring Co.;
947 Market st. ¦ ¦-. . ..-":- ;' ; :.¦ ':;:[¦'¦ ¦'.;¦"!¦*«
EXPERIENCED shirt end overall operators;
best prices. HEYNEMANN & CO., WV 3 Mla-
Elon St. * . -' s .; / '^ /-¦.. t '-' ''.'. J
GIRL for light housework; $15 p*/'.T.pnth.''23O6
Sutter. st. ' . ' T .v .•.-¦':-¦¦"./-¦'/•¦'.*''.¦'¦ ¦¦<"¦?¦
GOOD skirt and shirtwaist me :srs ton home
and factory. M. KRAKKR,' Sit Buah- «C
WANTED— Good - flrsl-clasa * wal tress '<¦; at/ 804
Mason st. ; wages 11. a.week.y . .;-X-.'. 5 i.
TOBACCO stripper wanted " at «¦»".. J. - FRANK.
ENBERG, 324 Clay,s[;'};^ : / •.¦^:^V{
GOOD reliable girl; plain oooWnsr for 'three; no'
. washing, no wir.ilowS; > Sundays , ; off;"? $15 a
'month. 301 Jones st.-, ;>', /.";:;'.
GIRL at dregsmrJtlng.Vl.'43 /Webster at. '
GIRLS to work- on fold-lncf paper -boxes. ' , 622
¦• Market St.. 8d floor. '." ' t/|i*;'- '.,';
APPRENTICE girl. "E. M&SAGER,. 145 Post
street. • -¦'¦;.:.''' ¦//'¦'¦..-.:*
GIRL talloreGs'to'.worlc ot/~coats;:call at once.
535 California ct.' L , room f."-.j K-/V. --i • -.
WAKTED-Onftatdrs/onVanta-'VADply S. N.
WOOD & CO. ; ¦¦• 718 > Maye t - st. ¦ . ,-'¦¦: -•
A GIRL for. 1 light. heusev<>rfc. . 1033 Market Bt.,
upstairs." v ¦>.,;>..' ;.:;i~-- v ; '.','.' '.'.'.*.*'-.• "i .. *.
APPRENTICE 'for . ; dressmaking; "? paid : while
• learning, i- 710 ; Polk. : btfween | Eddy and ¦ Ellis.
REFINED? lady i for/ of ie position.- 1236 Mar-
ket,' room'. 81, 3d floo\' . ¦• .r\ ',.*:j
APPRENTICES | to I leirn t hair i treatments and
¦ manicuring; paid t wHJ$ learning.: 730% Sutter.-
WANTED— A nt-ztly-xfuhg? colored girl ; good
wagea.f Ca.»l at^ lOZJf^enibard.i NE. cor. Hydo.
FINISHER '• and p aplfentice> girls wanted for
ladles' tailor.- 15l>. Polk ; et.f ---•:';'-....
WAITRESS ,.'w.an'tfti ; ,fttMM. ; Sfventh" «tl^.' - .
¦ ¦ ¦¦'••.;•¦¦•-¦- %5*?'£'±.~---i-'-'t - --'¦.¦•.-.-- ¦.-¦¦- -
WANTED^Waitr^s; at;-C31> Ellis; st. f *..
WANTED— A^ slrt to "da i ilght housework ; four
rooms.-** William Duniap. 1^ Oakwood.off 18th.
FIRST-CLASS pairs finisher wanted. ¦ • 1000 Har-
ri»on*st."."corner;KlJttii." ;^. • " -. '
GIRL' for, light .jyuseworlt In small family; ap-
; ply?; hi,: af terncjn." *.7. : Twenty-eighth st. , • ¦ , ¦
EXPERIENCE?* ?; chocolate dipper. 800 How-
" ar.d;«t;. ..,,.,; \ • •-•.-;.'¦.• ¦•-'. ;.-v ;¦
WANTED— Sa'eslady^ on boys' p.ni children's
t Ifurniahlngj g>cdH.-^Apply at S.- N. WOOD &
;"lCO;;i7M;Mai*et:Bt.'.~.,,3;.- ,¦¦. .... . >. .,';,,_ .,,... . -
WA'NTED^-ri-ljable % all-around : grocery - clerk ;
ickyjexperificeilnoSbar; give reference. Box
.'¦i:a3.--. l caii';jtnce.' ;.'¦:;,.: ; . ¦¦ :: ..:¦¦ .-;¦ -,
; S» " ¦ •¦••I---- v: ¦-.,,- --.-..-. .¦ . ¦|.r.:- f ...v.-f ,•*;/!>-¦,
; .IJK^P-WAXTKD-^EWALgf-^j^
a AT C. R.' HANSEN & CO.'S..Pr^n?'«jrfl f V« 135
¦ , HOTEL DEPARTMENT.'-: V / > V. : '
: ; 2more waitresses, Santa Cruz. .'/.f. . . . ./--J.J20
• £"?.:• to wait, Santa Cruz Mt8. T ;i far* ya-W-*-0
) Waitress, Ukiah, fare paid..-.... ! .r.t;....-.V.$25
! '¦• Waitress, . Menlo Paj-k.lT..V:.-::.".\~..i:.'V'.S25
; 2 waitresses, summer resort, • Maria CC.". .".$5)
" • 2 waitresses, summer resort.. :. ..:.... J..".". $20
<2 waitresses, .short distance; ~r.:.vr. :.*,'.: -.$20
2 waitresses, north, fare paid .-..,.-;.. fcV—.$"-0
Waitress, Hollister . ....;...., ...... $20
: 2 waitresses, Salinas, fare paid...:.".//.. -..-!*>
. W aitress, Lathrop ..tv. .:..;:...V.'...$20
. ."Waitress, Placer Co., fare.paid.T.V./;.:r...$2<l
r 10 waitresses, city '....-. ..v:'..V..r:.:.i.'..'.:...$20
i 3 waitresses, first-class' commercial <u>tel.V.$23
( FAMILY DEPARTMENT." 5>\j- :•¦:
J Cook. Santa Barbara, fare « paid, : t3S; cook,
mining town. $25; house ¦; girl. v Ml -ced; -$20;
; house girl, Hollister, $20; : cook, ")loverda.le.
$20, no wash; house«girls all, ovi-ithe city-
1 C. R. HANSEN & CO. ; .V. . . ff~iff Geary j st.
IRONERS, manglers - and - aDpren ces ..: for ' a
I steam laundry across «the; bay; '//ages' from
¦ $25 to $40, union hours.'--'-."-'- ' ' ' vf»-:?-- ; :'. ? ¦
' C. R. HANSEN /& C'.>../..;....,lt -Geary st.
; A > MOTHER and < daughter: «*.*/ghter ¦ expe-
- . riericed _ with -' small , children,/ J mother . / for
:< housework ; and cooklr«g; nk-o (race; Amerl-
; '¦¦/-, can -family; $30. ' : -.-. .' : -: ' \" \. : -;* *
, C. R. HANSEN &jCO.',^..'...jM : Cear?,; at.
; 3~ FIRST-CLASS Southern ' a'llfornla. .; unl-
, '. formed waitresses;'- $25;' fare »Jvancec!.^
s. C.;R. HANSEN & j COi'.*.'....;.104;Gear;r st.
A COOK and plain laundrea* for 'I Oregon;
j fare paid; $30; call before 7:i. -- C. Ri'HAN-
:.SEN & CO.. 104 ; Geary; Bt.'j .."-..v. yi ¦".-.:'-;'- I ¦
Gl RL for general I » housewort. and ' - cooking ;
¦wages $25. Call > In ;; morning 501 Steiner nt.
' JEWISH girl on sewing rcacllne.- S 119 Turk st..
' ' rfcar - " - - - '-¦¦-" ¦¦->¦¦<:.¦:¦'¦¦¦¦( : -Vv». :^:.: / ¦
1 GIRL wanted to-do general; ious» work;: wages
$20 per month.' 1713' LeaVKWorth.Y bakery.- .
WANTED— Lady to take cds.of sick at night.
; Call at 1461 Valencia st.; -:.:¦. ¦:--• ; -v ----- ¦
GIRL to assist -with Hist housework. 2005
:¦' Pine st. - ..\>-; ; :;-^.7/. ; .....--¦ '
PLEASANT and profltab! position" for bright
. woman of- 30, v state prevous occupation. Box
4222.. Call office.' ¦"-. r ; ' ¦ - r: t ',,-¦¦
OPERATORS wanted atLevl Strauss & Co.'s
.overall factory. 22'^: temonfst. Apply to
• MR. DAVIS. .-..¦-" i- ..;•:->¦¦¦-.':- <-.v ; f: .?.:.- '
Al FINISHERS on BUlt.-J K. SIMINOFF, 1228
..Market st.'-:.- : .V, >".' ii. '¦<¦• ';.. ¦'.:-'."!¦ '%
GIRL for general^ houswork;; good home; $15
per month. -Box'4267. CaU. office.
WANTED— Apprentice > girl -" at -i E. ' MESSA-
GER'S, 145 Post -st^;.-:-,-'-;'--. "¦-•- : -.".
WANTED-^IOO girls. I £ply to Long Syrup Re-
fining Co.. Kighth at Brannan sts.
HAIRDRESSrNG th/oiushly taught In 2 wks.;
entire course $5; ppjtlons guaranteed: big sal-
, ary at start. •= -. Hal^ctming College, 574,Geary.
FINISHERS on veit BELASCO & HARRIS
CO.. 641 Market tit." /?'¦
FIRST-CLASS l>ut.5n-taole maker. : BJ3LASCO
& HARRIS r CO. ;541 Market st. ¦
- ¦ ' MALE.\
. AT C. f B* HANSE* & CO.' S 104 Geary st.
..Jw....;:.For Jaw-BaUroad Work
50 teamsters, shp. to-night, free fare, Truckee
B0 laborers, shl to-night, free fare, Truckee
100 tunnelcrien; drillers' and muckers. .$2, $2 50
for CUatswort Park,; ship to-night; freeware
EO laborers, bllasttng track, Coast, road. .....
Laborers, Eaxa Barbara and L. A. divisions
Ship. to-uighi.:... Free fare Ship to-night
CO ' teaJTLStc'ta ship daily, free" fare...... Uklah
. E0 laborers, ¦•hip dally, free fare..' Uklah
Gang/ edge/nan, $50; trimmer sawyer, $50;
screw turnr, $45; 6 lumber pliers, $35, for
country sairnll I,, see boss here; 6 swampers
I .; and barkes," $35; 10 asphalt miners and Ia-
'¦¦' ' .borers, $2 i? day; greenhouse man for nursery,
country, $3 and found; 6 blacksmiths, $2, $2 50
. and $3 a Ay; rauc.i foreman, $35; farmers and
milkes-3, ' 30 and J26.
......:.!'. HOTEl. DEPARTMENT
: Roast „ ook, country hotel, $70; 10 second
¦ ccoks, ryers ar.'l broilers, $65; $60 and $50;
'second's; ok. end baker, resort, $50; second
¦ cook,* Qyntry hotel, $35;- wafneman, country
'"hotel,- '&>:¦:. 2 pctwashers, country hotels, $35
• ;'. and'$23 iunebman, $40: cook and dishwasher,
vcountr,y hotel.' *40 and $20; bar porter, country
hotel, p); bel'ooys, $15 to $20.
Hea-< waltr.r.for grillroom, hotel, north, $75;
' ¦ head ¦'.?alter. - country hotel. $45; neat waiter
for cib, country, $40; waiters, country ho-
\: tela, 30 and T25; 2 neat young men to "carry
; oC d ! 4hes/- hotel dining-room, country, $25.
' C. Kj HANSEN & CO............ 104 Geary st.
AT. TiE' CALIFORNIA EMP. AGENCY.
' >;>• C9 Third st.; phone. Bush 405. • • -
: BO. tv-stromj- laborers, $175 to $2 25 per day.
Frc<»Fare! • Free Fare! Free. Fare!
10 '-".* ;o for mills and woods; free fare.
*:•* t^s^-kers; ship to-day; free fare.
§ 8 li^v'ber. pliers, $35 and $45 per mo. and board.
! 6 ~£Mgh rarpenters, $2 60 per day. . —
'¦ -ilttwen-'or harvest fields, $2 per day.
¦' ir laborers, $14 per week; to-day.
. TUmsters, drillers, J2 25 per day.
'tliKit' pickers and farm hands.
pine, $1 25 per cord.--
¦.'¦> /laborers, city, $175; no blankets.
' Sfi men to ballast track; $2 per day. ¦¦
" p. first-class powder man, $2 75 to $3 per day.
i/REW of all kinds of men for woods and
/'.sawmills, $30 to $60; 4 lumber pliers, $35 and
/'board; screwturner. $45 and found; a num-
/ b«r of men for j mill and "woods for Arizona
at frcm$45 per month to $3 50 day; shop
(¦: butcher, country/ $45 and board; carpenters,
B city and country, $3; blacksmiths and black-
smith helpers, wheelwrlehts and others. J.'
'F. CROSETT & CO.. 62S Sacramento st.
j i CONCRETE workers, $2 50 day; 10 miners,
* J2 50 day; 5 quarrymen, $2 B0 day; 3 furnace
'men for mine, $2 day; 10 laborers and car
-..men, $2 day; 10 laborers for placer mine, $2
?.. day; ,4 lumber pliers; $35 and board; railroad
. laborers, $1 75 day, free fare: 10 drillers, $2 25
,iday, free fare; 3 laborers for coal mine, $2
¦ day, . fare advanced: 10 teamsters for coun-
- try. $2 day. free fare: and others. J. F.
¦' CROSETT & CO., 628 Sacramento st. "•- * .
A' COOK for small but 'first-class resort, $50,
• fare here; pantryman, country, $25; 2 bell-
Mboys. $15: . elevator boy, $15. MRS. M. E.
' ; DAT, 335 Geary Et. :
A— HOTEL GAZETTE, 26 Montgomery, rm. 12.
5 bellboys, experienced only, country, ¦ $15;
.waiters, country, $30 and $25.
JOURNEYMEN Barbers' International Union—
-.4- Free employment. 927 Market Bt.. room 207.
I.- LESS, Secretary: telephone Jessie 1176. j
BOSS Barbers' meeting TO-NIGHT, 8:30, 102
I O'Farrell st. S. HELLER,/ Secretary Bos3
? Barbers' Protective Association. . .
,W ANTED— Reliable man ror light Indoor com-
i mission business; must be satisfied with $75
; per month to start; must have 1150 cash. Ap-
¦ ply at 25 Geary St.. room 1. • - .. ¦''--. . .-
WANTED— Grading foreman or gang boss;
must have experience. Apply rm.~ll, Bth floor,
Mills bldg. City Street , Improvement Co.
WANTED— Steady man to take interest in a
paying commission business; $1DO required
Mclaughlin & co.. 777^ , Market st.
BARBERS— 2-chair shop, with taths, In near-
, by country town, -for sale. Apply DECK-
ELMAN BROS.. 106 Ellis st.
WINDOW dresser for a dry goods and fancy
poods store; must be a card writer. Box 361L
Call office. . - . . * r
.STRONG boy about 16 or 17 to learn the trade
WIRTH & JACHENS, engravers. 339 Kearny.
RAZOR and scissors grinder wanted, a B, HEL-
LIWELL, IPS Stockton st. -
GOOD Vbarber: steady Job. Apply 725 Fourth
St.. San Rafael; , tel. .- Red 15. - , . ¦ ;
FEEDER on platen press; good wages: steady
job. , 109 California st. : ,
YOUNG man to drive butcher wagon; West-
; ern Addition preferred., 1612 Post st.
BOT wanted. Stalls 1 and 3,
Market. . ¦¦'•¦._ . . . .--
STRONG boy to. work about box factory.- 622
Market st.. third floor.
GOOD pants presser wanted. 1000 Harrison st.
- corner Sixth. ': ""
FOR sale cheap— 2-chalr barber shop: account
of death; at 1219 Kearny st. - .
HARNESS-MAKER. .8156 Mission st. JOS. W
. McTIGUE. ¦ r ; ¦• .. - ........;
WANTED— Tailors on coats." 3 Brook «t., over
.Kast's shoe store. ' . '
TWO carriage blacksmith helpers. B37 Green
¦- street.- .; ¦ >.,.-- ¦ .'. . ¦ ¦ •
WANTED— One good carpenter. Apply 215
. Stevenson st. J - J-' - -
GOOD barber wanted; steady Job; good wares-
call; early. 167 Ninth st. », . '
WANTED-^German waiter, hotel/ 616 Clay st.
WANTED— Wagon blacksmith. -' 537 Brannan
'. .'street. : t -'-\ /; -.'..-,'-¦¦;--¦.¦¦-¦ ¦ , ; .-
PANTS finishers; steady work.. 858 Howard st.
over • handball court. „ '':':¦'. - • '
WANTED— Recruits : for, the ; marine • corps U •
,8. Navy; able-bodied, -unmarried men of good
. character, between the ages of 21 and 35; not
, less, than 5 feet t 4 Inches and not over 6 feet 1
.". \ inch, ¦ able to read and speak r English. •• For
", further. Information 'apply to the -Recruiting
¦; Office/: 40 ..'Ellis - st.. * San Francisco. « ¦- . -
PANTS and vest maker for country. «- Apply
: REISS , BROS. , 24 Sutter 6t. ;.¦ .'. ¦ -.; ,.
WANTED— Reliable young , man with . some
cash ; ; $40 ; month ; . no . experience. * 496 Fourth;
WANTED— A s young : man \ between 1 the age of
j. 16 , and 18 years as stock clerk. % Apply t at S
:¦: N. WOOD & CO., 718 Market st.^ \;;~Z ••¦ ¦"¦:¦ \\-
FIRST-CLASS - Jewelry , salesman for city stora
(open evenings) ; | must j understand : diamonds ;
state previous experience; a good, permanent
I 'position to right man. Box 4231, Call office. :
HELP WAN TEP~MAIiE— Com.
A— MURRAY & READY... .....Phone Main B843
l Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
i' ¦> ; J WANT 7 A. M. TO-DAY
> ' Los 'Angeles and . Santa -Barbara divisions. . . .
"¦.'rREE FARE FREE PARE
i A carload of laborers for the above divisions
; for section, rock and steel gangs ;'» ship ! to-
; night; wages $1 75 and $2 25 day; office fee, $1
/....We ship morning and night to Uklah....
75 laborers and teamsters, ' Ukiah
j>... .$2 day. free fare
;«. MECHANICAL HELP
. i Carpenter • for a mine $75
¦ 'Carpenter, factory near city ...$2 50 day
' } 25 carpenters, different Jobs, $2 to $3 day and
found; machine blacksmith. $3 50 to $4 day;
1 4 coopers and coopers' helper.$2 25 to $2 50 day
2 4 horseshoers," country shops and camps
.....'........;.. $3 and $2 50 day and found
15 blacksmiths, , shops and ranches —
. $3 50 and $3 day. $40. $50 and $G0 and found:
4 blacksmith helpers ; safe maker, $2 50 to $3
- . day; carriage painter; blacksmith helper. $35
and found,;75c fare.
....FOR A NEW- SAWMILL COMPANY....
25 laborers, no experience required, to work in
the mills, yards and woods, steady job year
¦ round ...:.. .$S5 to $63 and found
" Fare paid to another sawmill — We ship to-day
10 laborers,- no experience required...
$26 and found: fare paid
, .......LOGGERS AND WOODS HELP
2 men to work with donkey engine at log-
ging, J40; 2 loggers, $35 to $40; 6 woodchoppers
for mining company* tools furnished; men to
make shingles and Box bolts; crosscut saw-
yers; free fare
MINE AND LABORING MEN
. Bricklayers' helper for mine $75
10 strong laboring men for shoveling. $2 50 day
6 muckers, $75; 15 machine, and single-hand
miners, $90 and $60; 5 laborers. San Mateo
County, $f.2; 149 laborers, city and country.
$1.15 and $2 d»y, $30, $35 and $40 and found:
6 miners, asphalt mine .-. -
HARVEST FIELDS^ FARMS AND DAIRIES
ISO haymakers,: run mowers. .$1 25 to $1 75 day
10 header wagon drivers and harvest hands..
48 ' teamstars and f armere, orchards, ranch
and vineyards... $26, $30. $35 and S40
¦ 43 milkers, cheese and butter markers *35
Hay balers. 20c ton; 15 choremen and boys.
$30. $25 and $20; sheep herders. $25 and $30;
vaquero ,;
:....... MISCELLANEOUS
Teamster and wife, ranch. $50. see boss here:
shop butcher and drive wagon, young man,
$30; man to assist in butcher shop; 7 stable-
men, different country stables, $30 and $55...
.... BUTCHERS— HOTELS— BAKERIES ....
Butcher for Nevada, $35 and found, see boss
, here, fare paid: 5 butchers, different places:
camp cook. $35 and $45: cooks for ranches and
harvest crews. $20 to $35; head waiter; cook,
plain hotel, mining town, $40; second bread
baker, $15 week; 6 bakers, country shops and-
bakers* helper: marker and distributor; laun-
dryman; vegetable and kitchen hands, etc...
MURRAY & READY 634-636 Clay st
A— MAN to look afte-r an electric light plant:
straw boss for vineyard. MURRAY &
READY. 634-636 Clay Et.
ALL Blzes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 562 Mission St.. bet 1st and 2d sts. j
A GOOD bread baker; must be first-class on
bench work. Box 4279. Call office.
WANTED— Barber, Immediately, at 131S Per-
alta st., cor. Seventeenth, Oakland.
PORTER for restaurant and bakery; a good,
sober, steady man. Box 4278, Call office.
WANTED— Operators. Apply S. N. WOOD &
CO.. 713 Market st. •
200 MEN to buy suits made to order. $1 per
week. A. B. SMITH CO.. 123 Kills st.
WANTED— Men to- learn barber trade; $60
monthly paid our graduates; two months
J completes; more calls for our barbers than
we can supply; tools presented; wages Sat-
urdays; diplomas granted; busy season now;
call or i write for our special offer to-day.
MOLER BARBER COLLEGE. 635 Clay St.
WANTED at Master Bakers' Protective Asso-
ciation, . foreman, second . and third bread
bakers; also confectioners; good pay; perma-
nent positions. 127 Mason st.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin, Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 217 Third st.; 150 large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
WANTED — 300 men to buy new and 2T!d-hand
army shoes, jl up: soling 20c up. 923 Howard.
PENSION AGENT EDWARD A.* BULLli]
Past Commander Geo. H. Thomas Post No. 2,
»G." A. R.. room 40,' Phelan bldg.. 806 Market.
McDONALD & PERRY have 500 pairs second-
hand shoes for sale, SOc up. 241 Third st.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 23c
to 50c. 562 Mission St., bet. 1st and 2d sts.
MEN to learn barber trade; catalogue mailed
free. S. F. Barber School. 741A Howard st.
AT cash prices for $1 per week, men's suits to
order. NEUHAUS & CO.. 115 Kearny gt.
PENSIONS— J. H. SHEPARD & CO.. attys..
Hearst bldg.. Third and Market, room 316.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St., near Mar-
• fcet— 700 rooms, 25c night; readlng-roojns; free
'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
." . horses :ato wagoxs.
WANTED— The use of horse and wagon every
morning except Sunday to haul small load of
fruit and vegetables from market to 6:55 Sau-
sallto boat; state lowest terms per week. Box
3610. Call office. .
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness. Grand Arcad-j Horse Market.
327 Sixth St.; auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
THOROUGHBRED Shetland ponies for sal<»
cheap. JOHN F. ENGLISH & CO., Clay and
Davis, or 925 Sutter st.
S. F. VETERINARY College will commence its
3d session June 10. Catalogue by applying to
M. L. Pancoast, Sec, 510 Golden Gats ave.
40 HEAD work and driving horses. 721 How-
ard st. .-.•-.
GROCER'S- or milk -wagon 'and top; almost
new; cheap. 1414 Pine et.
CAMPING wagons to let or sale; gentle sad-
. die pony wanted for^glrl. 1603. Geary st.
ALL kinds of wagons, miggies, carts, harness,
etc.. cheap. EGAN & SON. 2117 Mission st.
AN A No. 1 express wagon, single: also light
camping wagon, for sale cheap. 533 Mission.
HORSES WANTED. _
HORSES wanted to work on scraper Job; four
or five months' work. Apply at 26 Montgomery
ft., room 85. ... ~ . . ¦/ .
f, HOUSES TO LET. j .* .
"A— PRINTED list houses to let: send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
6 ROOMS and bath ; 14 Reed st. ; yard and base-
ment; $15. Apply 1325 Washington st.
$9— COTTAGE 5 rooms; garden; sunny. 1121
Filbert St., rear, near Hyde.
$45—8 rooms, large finished basement, . largo
yard. 1615 . Bush' st., near Franklin.
HOUSES TO LET— FURNISHED.
MODERN 8 rooms for the summer; rent $30.
Apply or write 521 Capp st. j «J
COMFORTABLY furnished "house of 9 room*
and. bath: centrally located. Box 4261. Call.
j HOUSES WANTED^
A— WANTED— A furnished cottage or house
in San \ Rafael . or vicinity for a couple of
.months. .Apply C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104
Geary. st. ' - * ¦ , ¦ , _J" •
WANTED-^A. cottage of 5 or 6 rooms and stable
of 4 stalls and. large yard: In Mission or
" Weqtern Addition. Apply 2457 Folsom st. •
LOST AJfD FOUSD. ' %
LOST— Between San Carlos and Reed's School
Belmont, a lady's gold watch and diamond
ir C^u ?°^ rn to G - P - AYE RS. Holbrook.
Merrill & Stetson, Market st. ; generous re-
ward, ¦' • .;•'-' ' •
LOST— On or getting off Castro-st. cars, at Six-
• teenth and Market sts., an alligator purse
$100 REWARD-7-cluster diamond earring "an
heirloom"; -reward three times value. MRS.
.C. R. HANSEN JR., care 404 Turk St.. r. 1.
LOST— An oval. ''chased gold fob buckle with
three tongues Return to GEO. C. SARGENT.
, Crocker building, for reward. •
LO STr Three weeks a S°. ring of keys, 2 photos
children. Reward 819 Polk st. / vuuiua
LOS J~; A/pas «? b< y > ? wlthjUie Hibernia Savings
.and Loan Society of San Francisco, to, th*
name of MARY J. I RYAN. No lS2-1090a The
finder will pleagg return to bank. . -
LOST-A pass book with The Hibernia Savings
and, Loan Society of San Francisco. In the
. name of ESTHER POWERS. No. 2"9-693?
; The. finder will please return to bank.
FOUND— Stallion.' Owner call Sacramento and
•¦•Walnut sts. ¦-•;,-¦.- ,: .-¦ ..? . •* _ .
¦Wanted— Old gold for manufacturing. • O. Nolte
Jeweler. 248 O'Farrell. bet. Powell and Mason!
MATTRESSES ' AND PILLOWS.
TO order; also cleaned and sterilized; uphol-
stery; Al carpet cleaning; honest work guar-
anteed.-. HOPKE BROS.. 31S-320 Eleventh St.:
¦ telephone South 73S. \ .
MEXHCAL. .
DR. AND MRS. DAVIES.122S Market/ladies'
r specialists; 32 years' practice; all cases treated
by. our. wonderful" herb- remedy; . a reliable
-treatment, superior to any other; positive cure
• guaranteed at of flee ;. patients treated can re-
- turn same . day; ¦ harmless ; ; consultation free.'
A POSITIVE cure guaranteed In all f emale
complaints or money, returned; ray regulator
•.'°«ye r . 'alls: 'the 'most obstinate cases relieved
pain; best cure; fee low; consult lie-
.MRS.; DR.- ALLEN. 1118 Market, nr.. Mural
-* ' ' K- >}• '< ~: r >-'.: ' ¦ ¦'¦* "'v ¦-*:"-. - ¦'¦• : - ¦ \ '
, MEDICAL — Continued. - ~
A— RENOWNED specialist; those who desire to
obtain results promptly; I treat ladles only;
. my regulator has no equal; all classes of fe-
male complaints relieved by treatment su-
perior to all ctherg : the only treatment that
helps the unfortunate: the most obstinate
: c&ses are immediately relieved without pain:
no other treatment will do this; the most dif-'
flcult cases treated; scientific methods guar-
anteed. DR. G. W. O'DONNELL. 101S Market.
HINDOHERB home treatment: the most won-
derful, simple, sure remedies ever known for
indigestion, tapeworm, neuralgia, leucorrhea.
gonorrhea, eczema.- scrofula, syphilis and all
troubles of male and female sexual organs:
treat yourself: be your own doctor; 4 months'
suppository treatment. $4; send stamp for
circulars. 1126 Market St.. S. F.. Cal.
A TREATMENT- that is guaranteed to give In-
stant relief for all female complaints: the
longest and most. obstinate cases immediately
relieved without pain; travelers helped: tin
delay consult free. MRS. DR. KOHL. 1133
Market, bet. Mason and Taylor, opp. Hale a.
DR. and MRS. GOODWIN. 1035 Market, bet.
6th & 7th Expert specialists: well known and
reliable; 25 yrs'" experience : treatment sruarnt d
to give Instant relief from all female troubles:
avoid incompetent specialists; consult free.
MRS. DR. WYETH. reliable specialist: 28 yrs.'
successful practice: fruarasteed treatment at
office: any ailment: home before and during
. confinement. ii2 Post, bet. Hyde and Larkln.
DR. POPPER, female specialist: no pills or
medicine used. 1514 Devlsadero St.. nr. Geary.
T DUFFY'S solution guaranteed to cure all
skin diseases. NW. cor. G. G. ave. & Flllmore.
SUITES ASD MIXING.
DIVIDEND paying mining stocks at 3c. Be and
10c per share; send for prospectus. Pacific
States Mining and Investment Co. 326 Post st.
i MISCELLANEOUS FOR SALE. -
BOILERs7^en5nes. -'d-band machinery. Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 135-197 Fremont st.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, restaurant and po-
ker tables, barroom chairs, linoleum, new and
second-hand; we always have a large stock of
saloon outfits on hand; 32 complete outfits on
one floor, ready made; we can ship everything
in 24 hours. J. NOONAN, 1017. 1019. 1021. 1023
Mission st.. above Sixth; write for catalogue.
A— 4-SIDED, 3-sided. 2-slded. 1-slded sticker;
all In good order; cheap. H. S. WHITE.
SIS Mission st. - ¦
A— BUYS, sells or rents gear, machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipes, shaftings, pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW. 216 Spear st.
THOROUGHBRED cocker puppies, blacks. (
months; Great Dane bitch. 8 months, typical
& extra large. 1376 Pine, bet. Hyde & Larkln.
SECOND-HAND machinery of * all J klnda
bought, sold, rented and exchanged. H. 9.
WHITE. 516 Mission St.
A— $3 50 DERBY and Fcdora>hats, $1.75. Popu-
lar Price Hatters. 330 Kearny at., near Pine.
FOR sale— Large good ice box: wHI take
smaller In trade. ¦ 2152 Mission st.
FINE suits. $10: dress pants. $2 75. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery st.
MANUFACTURING plant. 3 months In use;
must be sold at once. 2020 Market st.
ONE 4-horse-power Covey engine: one 2%-
horse-power Hercules; bargain. 910 Kearny.
ENGINES p.nd boilers: second-hand machinery.
J. BURKE. 133 Beale at. ¦ • ; '
MANUFACTURING plant, 3 months In use;
must be sold at once. 2020 Market st.
FAIRBANKS' 10-ton hay scale: jeweler's ste*l
lined safe, perfect order. 216 California »t.
$48 10x12 UNIVERSAL outfit, new, $32 50. 103
Montgomery st. -
GASOLINE engines. Sd-hand. and other ma-
chinery bought and sold. Epstein. 538 Mission.
Gasoline or distillate engines, new & 2d-hand;
all sizes; guaranteed. NEWELL. 56 Bluxome.
FIRST-CLASS second-hand modern engines and
boilers bought and gold. KROQH MFG. CO.
WE" pay big ' prices for sealskins. Portland
Loan Office. 25 Stockton st. .¦:¦'¦ '. :
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d-hand moving 1 plc-
tureg. BULLARD & BRECK. 131 Post st.
SAFES— New and second-hand. THE HER-
MAN SAFE CO., 417-423 Sacramento St.
SAFES— New and second-hand: all sizes. THB
WALTZ SAFE. 109-111 Market St.. San Fran.
MISCELLANEOUS AVAJSTS.
TILTON wants 2nd-hand clothing-, especially
skirts, street dresses. 154 9th: teL Folsom 2522.
WANTED— Young family cow. Box 3333. Call
office. -
MOXEY TO LOAN.
A — MONEY to loan at rates which people, can
afford to pay on furniture, pianos, etc.; do
not borrow of your friends or you will loss
their friendship; do business with strangers
and you will be better satisfied; no delay; bo
publicity. Rooms 9 and 10. 906 Market st.
IF TOUR PROPERTY — -
IS MORTGAGED
and you need more money, see H. MURPHY,
630 Market st. Loans on estates In probate,
undivided interests in estates, second mort-
gages, etc. -
ANY proposition, any amount; 6 per cent; first,
second mortgages, estates in probate. Interest
in estates, legacies, corporation loans, chattel
mortgages and securities. Room 16, 1st floor.
Chronicle building. HALLORAN & OLSEN.
ANY amount at 6%; first. 2d and 3d mortgages.
undivided Interest, real estate in probate:
. mortgages and legacoles bought: no delay; get
my terms before doing business elsewhere. R.
McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery st.. room 2.
HIGHLY respectable, private place to obtain
S liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store, 846 Market
«t.; tel. Main 1644. Branch 13 Third st.
LOWEST rates on furniture, etc.. by prtvat»
party; no removal; no commission: confiden-
tial. Room 3, Conservatory bldg., 301 Jones.
ON furniture, pianos; no removal; money
quick: lowest Interest; easy terms; no broker-
age: reliable party. 1170 Market St.. room 6S.
MOST reliable place to borrow on diamonds,
watches. Jewelry. TV. J. HESTHAL. 10 Sixth;
highest price for old gold, silver, diamonds.
DEAL direct; furniture, pianos: no removal;
low rate; strictly private. Lick. 116 McAllister.
ONE per cent on furniture: $5 a month* on each
$1000; any security. 302 Montgomery St.. r. 1.
MONEY loaned salaried people -without security.
HILL, r. 44. Merchants' Ex., 431 California.
3% on furniture and pianos: $15 up: no removal:
no commission; private. Room 81. 6 Eddy st.
ON salaries or wages: no Indorser required. 3.
F. DISCOUNT AGENCY. 143 Phelan building.
LOANS money on salary; no lndorser; Eastern
Western Loan Co.. 309 Phelan Bldg.
$100,000 TO loan on real estate or for building;
low rate. 222 Sansome St., room 2.
THE Tousley Company; loans and ¦ discounts,
321 Parrott building.
' CASH loaned to salaried people on note without
lndorser. MORRELL. 609 Examiner building.
MOXEY WASTED.
' OUR clients demand we make loans for them,
and offer 6 per cent Interest upon first-clas*
1, securities only. West Coast Investment Co.,
1 Phelan building.
! MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
. ALL standard ' makes can be had at our es-
tablishment; new and slightly used bargains
i are:
1 Heine (over S00O In use here) $325
1 Hallet-Davis: price $680; now 2S5
1 fctelnwav; price $573; now 185
7 Chlckerings ". $115 to 265
S SchaeCCers; new 145
i And 60 other uprights more used from $35 to
i $150; rents $2 up allowed on purchase; w«
handle all makes; agents for famous Hal-
let-Davis. Heine, etc.: agents and live sales-
i man wanted. HEINE PIANO CO.. 217 Geary
st. Note — Should you desire to exchange the
piano purchased for a Hallet-Davis or any
other American.. make at any time within
1 three years you ,will be allowed the full pur-
• chase price. • j. ¦ -
¦ WE offer 2 Smith & Barnes uprights at $223
' ' each: used less than 6 months: good as new.
1 fine walnut Arllnjrton, $173. . , ', \.
' 1 wmalr French upright. $73.
1 Packard upright. In beautiful burl walnut
; case. f30a i> >
1 Baby Decker ft. Son walnut upright. $275.
and many others of equal desirability.
, Call or address THE ZENO MAUVAIS
. MUSIC CO.. 769 Market st. - - ¦- ¦
ALL pianos , purchased of SHERMAN. .CLAY
J . Ar. CO. ir.ay be exchanged for a new Stetnway
I upright or bahv grand piano any time .within
3 years from date of purchase, and have fu'.l
I>rlcc nlloTv-d. New upright pianos, IS per
month; 'some good pianos sold for $3 $4 and
$5 per month. • SHERMAN. CLAY & CO..
! Stelnway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
sts.. San Francisco; corner Broadweor and
. Thirteenth at. Oakland. » ™
REMOVAL of KEEFFE'S piano store from.
.Market ft. to our largrs and elegant quarter?.
314 Post St.. opposite Union square. Are now
prepared to offer several new makes and all
A^L Diant> BOM by U3 taken back any tlm»
within S years and full purchase prfceal!
US S.S £? •££%?"& £«s?»Miller, believing . that he was being
bunkoed by Pundt and his wife, came on
here, and - Sunday morning hunted up
Pundt. He claims that when Pundt saw
him. he displayed a revolver and as he
had the drop on him he quit. : Pundt on
the contrary alleges that he did not have
a revolver, but that Miller shoved a.re
volver in his face and threatened to blow
hia head'off.' -• ¦ • . •
Shortly after his return East Miller re
ceived a dispatch' from Mrs. Pundt to
send her $100, as she waa brtike, and prom
ising .to join him. He telegraphed the
money, but when " the receipt came he
was surprised to find it had been signed
by Pundt and not. by Mrs. Pundt.
. According to Miller's story, Pundt and
his wife formerly lived In Schenectady and
they separated. . Pundt came to this city
and after his -departure. Miller and. Mrs.
Pundt formed a partnership in the Ice
cream business. After a few months they
sold out and went to Selma, this,. State,
¦where they started in business, but not
being, successful Miller returned to
Schenectady | and Mrs. Pundt came here.
Reuben Miller of Schenectady, N. Y., is
In' the City Prison on charges of carrying
a weapon, and assault, with a
deadly weapon. On the latter charge the.
complaining witness Is H. Pundt.'lOS Tay
lor street, a bartender in the liquor store
of Hoelscher & Co., Turk and
streets. . ' . •
Weapon.
With Assault With a 3>eadly
CLAIMS TO BJ3 THE
. DUPE OP A. WOUAIT
Reuben Miller of Schenectady Charged
. ; Mrs'. » Aggie Kelly. -was held to " answer
before * the Superior ! Court " by. 'Judge Ca
baniss i yesterday . on" the , charge ¦ of ¦ induc
ing a minor - to become . an inmate ¦, of * a
disreputable house : In Eureka; The i girl,
Sophie '- Finegold, t lives with * s her parents
at 1108 Bryant street/ .The woman's bonds
were fixed in $1000 or $500 cash. •<
' ¦ '¦ -."¦- - ¦ ¦ :•¦' ¦.':-•¦"' > •¦.:'
Induced to Leave Her Home.
William', Roberts was arrested' In April
last i on ' a - charge '•¦ of k attempted * robbery.'
May 7, when the case was called for trial
in Judge Cook's" court, Robert feignedlri
sanity. He was sent for examination be
fore ; the Insanity Commissioners, who re
ported they , could ¦ find . no traces of { In
sanity in i him. . The i jury, however, con
cluded he > was ; insane," and : he iwas com
mitted to the asylum at Stockton..- Super
intendent : Clark i of .the / asylum -;. wrote
Sheriff Lackmann ,- that Roberts was per
fectly sane ;. and yesterday : Judge,- Cook
signed'an" order; for^his delivery, into the
custody of. the . Sheriff so that he ' can: be
brought, back » for .trial. <•- ; _^
Roberts Not / Insane.
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
Geo Barker, Rdwd Cty
C B Soward, Iowa
Geo Green, Sonoma \ ¦
A B Love, Sacramento
James Mulroy, Inglsde
E Lamb, St Louis
Geo Walker&w, S Rsa
W R Lock&w.. S Rosa
J R Lock, Santa Rosa
Mrs J F Billings, Cal
W R" Sherman,' Sacto
J Baclgalupi&w, N Y
J Inman & w, Denver
A H Condit, Chicago
Geo A Watters, Napa
M J Prendergast, Mex
Geo Bailey, Texas ¦
Mrs Viguelins, B C
C H Lambert. Ks City
H McFarland, Cinclntl
"* GRAND HOTEL.
J W Haas, Cal ~
F-R Clark, St Louis
0 Scribner, Bkrsfleld
Mrs C J Berry, Selma
E E Bush, ; Bkrsfield
C de.Mel, Philadelphia
F F Harding, Phlla
E Elder, Woodland ¦
M McCormack, Cat
E S Hunt, S Jose
L Bullington, Whtland
Dr J Milton, Whtland
M Wiley, New York
J Dunne, El Paso, Tex
E Dunne; Yuma, A-T
A H Hart, New York
P Tognazzlni, S L. ObU
A Tognazzlni, S L Obis
G Woodward, Los Ang
J T O'Cailaghan & w,
1 Sacramento •
M H Durst, Whtland
Mrs F W Swanton,,Cal
H Melster,. Chicago •.
C Wetmore. Suisun -
J Gumpertz, NY -
Mrs L W McCoy, Or
J A Hunter, N Y
J D Ludwig, Nevada
J U ; B^- Montgomery,
Chico . •
JT, Wheeler, Nevada
L P Larsen, R Vista
E Topham. Mllpitas
P Moore, N Y
O Brown & w, ' Cal
J Platz, NY
J McDonogh Jr. Cal
B U Smith, Prescott
G B Daniels & w, Cal
F W Judson. Sacto
Mrs Graham, S Diego
Mrs N Krakow, Mich
Mrs J Gregg, N Y
E Tucker, Orovllle
F D Owen, Los Ang
L S Delaplalne, W Va
C F Richmond, TJ S A
PALACE HOTKL.
S D Rosenbaum, Stktn ]
C H Yost, Stktn ;
Al Davles, NY
W R Vail & w L A .'
Ludwig Stein, NY ""
J F Lawless, Seattle ' j
C H O'Brien, Chicago '
W D Lyon, NY '
Li F M Slocum, Chi'.\-
Dr . and Mrs Parkin- 1
- son, England -'- *¦•• l
Mr , and Mrs Butler, ]
England ¦ •'. . •?• j
It Parkinson, New Z ]
C H Spoom, • England (
C H Johnson, Chicago ]
Mrs S E Johnson, Chi
R CClute, Toronto--: 3
D J Munn, N West
H Leon, NY ,.'-._ -
C A Arthur & w.-.N-T .
V Worthlngton &W.SL. ]
Thomas ; Evans & w, '
•¦¦ Washington, DC- .
W B Stltt, Chicago , ';.
L R. Parson, L. A
I '• N ' LeConto & wife,
Berkeley ! ¦ • . •
T R : "Wahl, France -
W C . le Gendre ¦ t
A. "W Canfleld, Sta B
r N. Towl, NY ¦
rhomas Flint' Jr. San
Juan ;• ¦; ¦-- ¦ ;
F N Hartwell, Lsvllla
L. A* Johnson, Boston
B Johnson & w,* Lndn
A Landecker, St L :
H W Heiss. NY
a F Wright. Chicago -
Mrs J L , Struve and
. child, ; Frultvale
Mrs O B Herbert, N T
TF Duane, Cal .* %
A B Cohn. ; St J; Mo
J E Terry, Sacto ,
E : Gerber, Sacto
Theo Springer, . Chi •' .
A Longinl, - Chicago <-.
HOTEL ABBIVALS.
THE SA^ FRANCISCO CALL^'TUESDAT, JIJKE 11, 1901.
11
ROOMS TO ' LET— Furn. and TJnfurn.
EDDY, 1320— Two or three . sunny unfurnished
rooms to let; cheap. r • '
LEAVENWORTH, 1521—2 large rooms furnish-
ed, $12: unfurnished, $10. . \
HOTEL FRANCISCO— Elegant suites; single;
transient; baths. Mrs. King, Turk and Taylor.
GRANT ave., 7— Nice sunny suites and single
rooms; rent cheap. ' ¦' ' . ,
HAWTHORNE, 172, nr. Harrison— Sunny me-
dium-sized room for gent; .reasonable; refs.
HOTEL St. Denis (European plan), 24 Turk St.,
nr. Market— New building, elegantly furn.;
Just opened : strictly first class and up-to-date
•in all appointments.; inspection invited; must
be seen to be appreciated ; 75c day and up;
special rates by week or month; references.
GALT House. 120fi Market— Fur. rooms. Mr. &
Mrs.J.F. Sweeney, late of the Esmond House.
ELLIS, 732— New. elegant rooms.' suits and sin-
gle; $2.50 up weekly; tourists accommodated.
- ' The • following : marriage licenses were issued
yesterday:. ' • ." , -- > . ' .• ¦, '"¦;.' v '« * • "
Michael' J. Moran, 39, 523 Howard street, and
Urania M. Cloney, 26, 1772 Folsom street.',
; Fred Needersen, ' 29, 27 Michigan street, .and
Lizzie Lutenberg, 30, .27 Michigan street.
>' Wlllibald-'J. L. Boernsen, 24, .727 Bush street,
and Paula R. von Spiegel, 21, 429 O'Farrell st.
'William A. Anderson, 41, 279 Clementina
street, and Lillle P. Stapleton, ¦ 23, 513 Folsom.
Charles E. Anderson, 21, 2112 Howard street,
and • May K. Howard, 18, 430 Texas street.- ¦._
Walter E.', Ross,- 27, Astoria, Or., and Olive
M. Cheminant; 24, city. • • - <~ , - -
John White, 35. 246 Sixth street; and Hannah
Marr, 40. 1006 Harrison • street.
. Frank W. Steil, 26, S24 Florida street, and
Nellie L. Crelghton, 20, 824 Florida street. :..•
' John S. 'Harvey, 25, 3357 Twenty-first strt-W
and Lillian E. Kennett, 22, 38 Silver street, g
James O'Neill, ¦; 30, city, and Annie Nolan,
26, city. ¦ ••¦¦•¦•¦.¦; ' ¦¦¦ .'¦ ' - • ¦
Clarence J. Sullivan, 21, 21 Baker street, and
Clotilda J. Devlin, 21, 618 Baker street.
John M. Mallon, 21, 1417 Mason street, and
Agnes E. Devlin,' 21, 618 Baker street. ¦
MABBIAGE /LICENSES.
MARKET. . 1015 (New, Arlington)— Nicely fur-
nished rooms $2 a week up; 35c a day up.
MARTHA place, 3, off Geary St., between Ma-
eon and . Taylor — To let, a nice cheap room.
MARTINET. 1101 Geary— Elegant suites, newly
furnished ; private ; bath ; single rooms $10 up.
METROPOLE, 6 Turk, cor. Market— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; 50c to $3 per day.
MINNA. 667, corner Eighth— Newly furnished
bay-window room; $1 per week; transient.
MISSION, 2512— Sunny furnished room with use
of bath. -
, BOBNV *
HORNITZ— In this city, June 6, 190L to the
. wife of Sam Hornitz. a son. . ¦ ¦
LINKS— In this city, June 9, 1901. to the wife
of O. Links, a son. . ?¦ -
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be Inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the Dublfcation offices and be
indorsed with the name, and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published. I
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
O'FARRELL. 20— Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator; elec. lights; day, week, mo.
PIERCE, 1320. bet. Ellis and O'Farrell— Nicely
¦ furnished back parlor; very sunny; gentle-
man preferred.
ROSEDALE House, 319-321 Ellis St.— Rooms,
night, 25c to $1; week. $1 25 to $4; open night.
FOLK,' 603 — Sunny suite and 2 other rooms;
' rent reasonable; running water and gas.
ROYAL House, 126 Ellis— Incandescent light;
reading-room, smoking-room a*id ladies' par-
lor; rooms, per night, 35c to $1 50; week, $2 to
$8: month, $8 to $30; elevator on ground floor;
rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
SHERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth St..
near Market — Furnished or unfurnished.
STOCKTON, 332— The Ottington— Few choice
suites and several small rooms: cheap. . •
TWENTY-FIRST, 2960, near Folsom— Two
sunny front rooms, newly furnished ; terms
reasonable.
BANCROFT— COLLINS— In this • city, June 9,
1901, by the Rev. S. D. Hutsinplller, Walter
G. Bancroft of San Francisco and Gertrude
Collins of Santa Cruz, Cal.- ¦¦ :
HERRIER— MORRILL— In Elmhurst. June 5,
1901, by the Rev. E. E. Clark, Eugene Philip
Herrier and Emma Catharine Morrill. >
JENSEN— GREENE— In Elmhurst. " June 8.
1901, by the Rev. E. E. Clark, Charles Jen-
Ben and Eudora Greene, both of Oakland.
LANGE-HULSMANN-In this city, June 9,
1901, by the Rev. J. H. Schroeder, Ernest A.
Lange and Johanna Hulsmann.
PEARSON— PHELPS— In . this city, June ,8,
1901, by the Rev. Father McMann, . Edward
Pearson and Luella Marie Phelps. ''~
POLLARD— BRAY— In" Los Angeles, June 7.
1901, by the Rev. E. A. Healy, John A. Pol-
lard of Australia and Mary. C. Bray of San
Francisco.
MAERIED.
WEBSTER, 1542, bet. 'Post and Geary— Cheap
elegant front room, suitable for office.
THE Crocker. 915 Leavenworth — Fine sunny
rooms, single and suite; beautiful grounds.
ROOMS AND BOARD.
THE Roanoke. 80S Bush— New house; newly
furnished; suites with bath; perfect illumina-
tion; private dining apartment; elevator ser-
vice; cars to all parts of city within stone's
throw of door.
A MOST desirable suite of sunny corner fur-
nished rooms, with or without board, for 2
ladies or 2 gentlemen or married couDle, or
admirably suited for doctor or dressmaking
parlors; no children: references required. 743
Castro st., near- "Swentieth.
AN exceptional table; pleasant rooms; good
service; ppoular rates. 807 California st.
PINE and Mason (Hotel Oliver)— Elegant sun-
ny suites or single rooms; private baths; ex-
cellent table and service.
PINE, 1222 (old Ralston home)— Elegantly fur-
nished sunny rooms, en suite and single,
¦with board. •
VALENCIA-ST. Hotel. 718 Valencia St.. Mis-
sion warm belt — Good board: fine .rooms;
reasonable rates; cars pass the door.
BAILWAY TRAVEL.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2320 Fillmore st.: phone Jackson 281.
TYPEWRITERS AND SUPPLIES.
GR^AV^ARGA^S~lN^^rawitITEir&^We
sell better machines for less money than any
house in the city; rentals, $3. The Typewriter
Exchange. E3R California: telephone Main 266.
RENT a new Franklin typewriter for $1 week
and have your work in sight. CUTTER
TOWER CO., 302 Montgmry: tel. Black 4885.
and Albert KocbY and Mrs.* Edmund O'Dea*
and the late Charles F. Koch, a native of
Bavaria,' Germany, »aged ; 73 years" and' 11
months. ., (Poughkeepsie, N.\'Y.', papers please
copy.). - . . : . ,¦ ¦ .. -_.- '
(C^-Friends I and acauaintanceg are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from his' late resi-
dence, 3234 Twenty-fifth street, between Fol-
'.. som aad s Howard. -' Interment Mount • Olivet
Cemetery. ' .' ' o -' . - '.
LADEN— In this city, June 10,- 1901,. Mary, be-
loved wife of the late Patrick Laden, and
'^mother of Andrew- A. Laden and W.'A. Dris--
coll, a native of Ireland, aged 70 years. ¦ --
' Ity Remains at the parlors of the . United
.Undertakers, 27. and 29 Fifth street. ; Notice
• of, funeral hereafter. ¦ • v • * V
.I.EFEVRE— In : this I city, June 10, 1301, Henry
B., belovedt son of Mrs.' Clara Lefevre -and
the late Dr. Alfred l<ef evre. and brother of
Charles A. and . Louis Lefevre and Mrs. ' P.
M. Walsh, a native of Oakland, Cal*., aged 25
years and 10 days. - , . —
- . C7 Friends and - acquaintances . are - respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
¦ (Wednesday),: at 11:30 o'clock, from the fam-
ily ' residence, 1003 Mason street. Interment
private.. . . ; ¦"¦. ,, '¦
LOOSE— In San Mateo, June 10, 1901, Anna
s Loose, dearly beloved wife of Herman Loose,
. beloved mother of •¦ Bertha, - Hagel and . Ida-
lina Loose, and sister of Mrs. Stoney Regll
' and Joseon Sebnuerlger, I a native - of Saddle
< Canton, Switzerland, aged 39 years 11 months
and 27. days.- ... ••¦¦: ... ' \ •
McGREGOR— In this city, June 8, 1901. Ellen,
. relict of the late James McGregor, and be-
loved . sister of Mrs. ' J. Peters and the late
Mrs. J. Ryan and Mrs. M. Petterson, a na-
tive of Thurles, Ireland, aged 63 years.
E^The funeral will take place this day
(Tuesday), at 9 o'clock, from her late resi-
x dence, .1429 .. Pacific . street, , thence .to St. '
Brijrid's. Church, where a solemn requiem
mass will be celebrated for the repose of her
soul, commencing at 9:30 o'clock. ¦ i .
MARTENS— In this city, June 9, 1901. Mar-
garethe Martens, a : native of Germany, aged
60 years and 2 months. A member -of San,
Francisco Frauen Verein; German Ladles' j
Benevolent Society of the Red Cross; Inde-
pendent Order Ladies'. Benevolent Society,
•and Loyal Circle No. 179, CO. F. '•
Cy Friends and acquaintances are - respect-
' fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 1 o'clock, from the parlors
of H. F. Suhr & Co., 1137 Mission Btreet, be-
tween Seventh and Eighth. ¦
MIBACH— In this city, June 8, 1901, at the
residence of his father-in-law, James Ma-
¦ guire, 2606 Folsom street, % between Twenty-
- second' and Twenty- third streets, Peter Jo-
seph Mibach,' dearly beloved husband of An-
nie Mibach, beloved son of Michael and Ida
Mibach, and brother of William, Josepli and
Ida Mibach, a native of San . Francisco, aged
25 years and 2 months. ¦ A member of. St.
Paulus and '-St. Peter's Society. . ;
(ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
. (Tuesday), at'8:30 o'clock, from the residence
¦of his father-in-law, James Maguire, 2606
Folsom street, thence to St. Anthony's
Church, Army street,^ near. Folsom, where a
solemn requiem high mass -will be celebrated
for the repose of his soul, commencing at 9
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
MULLEN— In- this city, June 9. 1901, Jane
Winifred,' - dearly beloved daughter of the
late Charles and Mary A.' Mullen, and lov-
ing sister of Mrs. Mamie Allen, Mrs. Clalr
Morgan, Mrs. Lillian McQuillan and John,
< Charles and Kittle Mullen, a native of San
Francisco, aged 19 years and 10 days. :. ~
ETFrlends ¦ and acquaintances . are respect-
fully invited to -attend the funeral services
this day (Tuesday), at St. Francis Church,
•Vallejo street, where a solemn requiem high
mass will be celebrated for the repose of her
' soul, commencing at 10 o'clock. -. Interment
private. : ¦" . • . . ....
PIERCE— In this city, June 9, 1901, Fannie,
beloved wife of Frank E. Pierce of Colma,
and mother of Mrs. E. Sharlton and Frank
J., Fred, Edward and Harry Pierce, a native
of Rhode Island, aged 72 years 8 months and
a days. . : k ¦¦' ,..•.- . ' •
ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend j the . funeral this day
(Tuesday), at. 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
H. F • Suhr & Co.. /U37 Mission street, be-
. between Seventh and Eighth. Interment I.
O. O. F. Cemetery. • ¦¦ . •-.. . ¦ -.
'PIOMBO— In this city, June 10. . 1901, Frank,
dearly beloved son of Giuseppe. and the late
Agostlna Piombo, and brother of Mrs. Maria
Morgana, Mrs. Carrie Ferle, Mrs. Kate Mar- '
tinoni, Mrs.' Flora Olivier! and the late Paul i
and John Piombo, a native of Chicago, 111.,
aged 37- years 5 months: and 10 days. ' i
RAINEY— In this city, June 9. 1901, - Ella C.
| beloved wife • of ' George " E. Rainey, and
mother of Willie S. Rainey, a native of San*
Francisco. . • . . ¦¦..... ¦ *
(E?*Friends are respectfully invited ¦ to at-
tend the funeral this day (Tuesday), at 8:30
f o'clock, from her. late residence, 2021 Brod-
erlck street, thence to St. Dominic's Church, :
• corner of Steiner and Bush streets, where
a solemn requiem mass will be celebrated . for
- the repose of her soul, commencing at 9
o'clock.
SHOEBRIDGE— In this city, . June 9, 1901,
Frederick Shoebrldge, a' native of England,
aged 74 years 5 months and 1 day. . ¦
. icy Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
¦ (Tuesday), at 1 o'clock, from residence of his
daughter, Mrs. E. Murphy, 1017 Filbert street,
• between Jones and Leavenworth." Interment
¦ Mount Olivet Cemetery. . - ¦ , r - ¦ ¦
STEPHENS— In Sumpter, Or., June '" 7, 1901,
Elias G.,' beloved husband of Kate Stephens,
and youngest son of the late John and Fran-
ces E. Stephens. ¦ -
STEPHENS— In this city, June 9, 1901, Sarah,
¦ beloved wife of Patrick Stephens, a native of
County Galway, Ireland, aged 60 years and 7
months.
. CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
. fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 9 o'clock, from her late re3i-
. dence, 547 Page street, thence to Sacred
Heart Church, where a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul, i
commencing at 9:30 o'clock.' Interment Holy
' Cross ! Cemetery, gjj . j
STUART— In this city, June 9, 1901, Annie i
Jane, beloved wife of James Stuart, a native
of Ireland, .aged 44 years.
• cy Notice of funeral hereafter. ~
THOMPSON— In this city, June -10, 1901, Ed-
ward, beloved husband of Sophie Thompson,
and father of • Wallace L. Thompson, a na-
tive of England, aged 39 years.
WALLACE-^In this city, June* 10. 1901, of
; diphtheria, Bertiice. beloved daughter of Ed-
ward and Eva Wallace, a native of San
Francisco, aged 1 year 6 months and 13 days.
WELLS— In this city, " June 10, 1901, infant
._ daughter of Arthur and Annie Wells, a na-
tive of San Francisco.' -.-,'¦
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
PROPOSALS.
HKAL ESTATE — COUXTRY— For Sal-
A RARE chance to secure farm or stock
ranch, 1C0 ' or SCO acres. Government- land, in
HurMjoldt Co., Cal. ;. house, bar.- out-build-
lngs; good water. Golden West Hotel, r. 246.
BUY in JCapa County: no droughts, no irriga-
tion, no failure of crops; write us for free
copy "Kapa County Vltlculturlst." The W.
A. MAC-KINDER CO.. St. Helena, Cal.
MODERN residence, beautiful grounds Peta-
. luma. $3000; choice residence lots, joining
Bakei-gfield. $30 to 875. T. J. MAY. 63S Market.
POULTRY and dairy ranches Tor sale-' write for
free list. C. R. WINFIKLD. Petalumn." Cal.
ROSS VALLEY REAL ESTATE.
ROSS Valley home. 7% - acres; bearing orchard-
modern house, 10 rooms; 5 minutes' walk from
Ro&s station; very cheap. J. TUNSTEAD,
San Anselmo..
ALAMEDA ADYRRTISEMENTS.-
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE. ,
ALAMEDA and Fruitvale bargains for invest-
ors and house-seekers; on easy terms or ex-
change for city or country realty.
. SPECIAL BARGAIN.
. One of the finest residences in the city 10
rooms, 3 bathrooms, etc.: best location; fin-
ished in oak birdseye maple and Carolina
pine; highly decorated; lot 85x170 feet.
. A. R. DENKE.
. Webster-st. Station, Alameda.
FOR sale— ; — -
?10 800-4 blocks; 52 lots: great bargain; re-
duced to $5000; must be sold, i
$1100— Five-room cottage; lotoOxloO; only 31100.
$1600— Five-room, modern cottage; lot 55x100
must be sold.
Lot on 'Weber st. : J10OO.
10 lots on Ninth St.; S250 each: 30x270
E. D. JUDD & CO.,
1424 Park st., Alameda.
$1SOO— BEAUTIFUL 6-room modern cottage:
owner must sell on account of departure: swell
situation; large lot; street work all complete;
Sf^ 1 .,?^ sold immediately. HAMMOND &
HAMMOND. 2326 Santa Clara ave., near Park
Bt.. Alameda.
ALAMEDA CO ] [T A9!1ISL!£{£^.
FO n R ,. s n aI ?T Modern cottage, 6 rooms: bath; lot
SOxlaO. lois Mozart St.. Alameda. Mastlck stn.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
___gERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
* 2 ?S°~i?f E^ sl *-room horse, half acre of land
nLt i ? I st part ot Berkeley, Claremont
1 H i',. where the fr08t ney er affects tho
most delicate flowers. W. C. MORAN & CO.
52200— NEW seven-room house on one of the
finest streets in town; fine mantle and side-
board, porcelain bath, tiled sink, stationary
tubs, street work all done; cement walk all
around house; fruit trees and lawn; two
ft *° care : ?300 cash, balance $20 per
month. W. c. MORAN & CO.
? 7 !?~fi? ) CASH > balance S10 per month; lot 53
by 130; two blocks to cars; five-room house:
cnicken house and yard. W. C. MORAN
& CO.
$5000— TEN-ROOM house and 1% acres of land;
windmill and tank; carriage house, etc.;
fruit trees and garden. W. C, MOHAN &
$1200— $200 CASH, balance $10 per month; 5-
room house, barn, tankhouse. well and six
'°' s : nne place for raising chickens: W. C.
}' 00— LOTS in the Wheeler Tract. W C
MORAN & CO. -
$150— ACRE lots; only a few left; $10 down,
balance $5 per month. W. C. MORAN & CO.
$2500— 8- ROOM house; corner lot 50 by 103;
eewered and city water; $100 cash balance
$20 per month, or will trade for a ranch
of equal value. AV. C. MORAN & CO.
6-ROOM cottage; good location; near station
and Etreet care; barn, chicken houses, city
water, fruit trees; price, $1200: $100 pesh;
. balance J15 per month. RUDOLPH PER-
KINS & LYO.N, Lorln station.
A PICK-UP; 5-room cottage, modern in every
respect; lot 40x100; close 'to local trains and
street cars; price, $1250; $100 down; balance
$15 per month: bank loaned $1200 on this
property; this is a genuine bargain.- RU-
DOLPH. PERKINS & LYON. Lorin station.
HIGH baEement cottage; 5 extra large rooms
and bath: windmill and tank, flower garden,
stable, chicken house, etc.; price, $1750; $200
C4«h; balance $15 per month ; this prontrty
will rent for more than installments; Lank
will loan $1400 on this. RUDOLPH. PER-
KINS & LYON. Lorln station. • .
WHY ray rent? Modern cottage of 4 rooms
and bath, with' high' basement." near trains,
street cars, store?, etc.; street and *>«wer
work all done; lot 07x120; insured for $3000;
rents for $10 per month; price, $1400: $130
down; balance $15 per month; take Berkeley
train, get off at Lorin station: office west
Bide railrcad. track. RUDOLPH, PERKINS
& LYON.. Lorin station.
Open Sundays.
No. 122. $1200— 5-room cottage; lot 50x110; cor-
ner: cheapest cottage in Berkeley. • .
No. 190, $1750 — 6 rooms and large attic; owner
gone North and ordered this property sold at
a sacrifice.
No. 194, $220C— Property must be sold; 6-room
bouse: large lot; 1 block to electric cars; make
an offer. . . . ¦
$6000 — 18-room house for exchange for income
:anch: well located for rooming-house.
S. S. QUACKENBUSH,
Real Estate and Insurance.
Opposite First National ank.
SEE the new houses I am building in all
parts of Berkeley. W. C. MORAN & CO.,
Lorin Station, and Schmidt block, Berkeley.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
' OAKLAKD REAL ESTATE.
BRAND-NEW, pretty, cozy Eastlake cottage
(Just completed), 5 rooms, high basement; a
little gem" and complete In every detail; built
fcr comfort and convenience; will tint in
colors to suit buyer;- modern plumbing, stone
walks, open lawn, etc.; sunny all day; handy
to cars; not far out; to eee this Is to want
it; title perfect and no mortgage; terms If
desired.
GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO..
1008 Broadway. Oakland.
$15 PER month (no cash down required) • cot-
tage of 5 rooms; sunny side near San Pablo
ave.: total only $1000; liberal discount for
cash. GEO. V.'. AUSTIN & CO..
1008 Broadway, Oakland.
$150 CASH, $6 monthly— Cottage of 3 rooms,
hard finished; 2 fine lots, all fenced; a fine
homo for a Email family or bachelor, where
peace and quiet reign ; near a fine «-«T!hool,
electric cars, church and town hall; 100
families located within 3 years; soil, cli-
mate and view the very best; good neigh-
bors and pleasant surroundings; adjoining
East Oakland; price in all $425, to make
speedy sale; see this at once. Call or send
for circular. 455 Seventh St.. opposite Broad-
way station. Oakland; carriage free. H. Z.
, JONES, owner.
OAKLAXD FURNISHED HOUSES. .
ELEGANTLY furnished 5-room cottage; piano,
yard full of flowers; cheap to right parties.
1760 Thirteenth ave., 10 minutes' walk from
East Oakland station.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
AN Introduction to you from H. Schellhaas, the
furniture dealer. 11th and Franklin, Oakland.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
ALL or part double parlors, dining-room,
kitchen and bedroom; furnished; sunny cor-
ner; conveniences. The Vera, 301-303 Polk st.
BRANNAN, 725^ above Sixth— 3 nicely fur-
¦ nished rooms complete for housekeeping;
¦ cheap. : '
EIGHTH, 112— Two furnished rooms for house-
keeping; upper flat. ...
FULTON. 233—2 furnished housekeeping rooms,
connected; gas stove; bath; no children.
HAIGHT. '222— Two perfectly appointed house-
keeping rooms for a couple; telephone.
EDDY, 939— A floor of 4 or 2 furnished rooms;
.private residence; no children.
HOWARD, 728— Newly furnished housekeeping
.rms.; reasonable; also single room, $6 month.
MISSION, 2244, near 19th— Fine sunny rooms
. for housekeeping; rent reasonable.
MOSS. 13, off Howard, between 6th and '7th— 2
rooms furnished, complete' for housekeeping.
O'FARRELL, 317— Newly furnished rooms for
- housekeeping; gas range. , ~
VAN NESS. 232— Housekeeping rooms complete.
ROOMS TO LET — Furn. nnd Dnforn.
AHLBORN HOTEL. S21 Grant avel-Best *1 *a
day family hotel in city; polite attendance;
large rooms.' 60c up; meals 25c; free coach.
A— BRUNSWICK HOUSE. 14S Sixth— Rooms,
• 25c to $1 per night; $1 25 to $3 per week and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night,
A— MARKET. 1049A— Nicely furnished suites,
¦ $15 per month up; singles, $5 per month up.
BURNETT, 1426 Market (old No. 1364)— Fur-
. | nished rms., suites, single; also unfurnished.
CLIFFORD, 204 Ellis, cor. Mason— Elegantly
r. furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable...-!
PROPOSALS for Clothing and Equipage, Depot
Quartermaster's Office, 36 New Montgomery
Bt., San Francisco, Cal., May 29, 1901.— Sealed
proposals, in triplicate, will be received at
this office until 10 o'clock a. m.. Wednesday,
June 12. 1901, Pacific Standard Time, and then
opened, for furnishing S. B. Kersey, ' Black
Lastllsg and Buckskin Gauntlets. All to con-
form to' standards and specifications; quanti-.
ties to be subject 50 per cent increase if de-
cided upon by this Department. Bids will be
opened for the delivery of the same articles
at either the San Francisco, Boston, Chicago
and Philadelphia Depots. Deliveries to com-
mence July 1st next, or as soon as practicable
thereafter. Bidders must state in their pro-
posals the rate and time of delivery should
contract be awarded to them, and that no
proposition should be made which they are
not positive that they can absolutely . fulfill.
Bids upon samples differing from specifica-
tions and samples.upon which bids are Invited,
will .under no circumstances be entertained,
nor will unguaranteed bids be considered.
Proposals for less quantities than advertised
for will be entertained. Bids for delivery or
Inspection at other points than those named
above will not -be considered. To avoid mis-
understanding as to the exact nature of the
articles to be furnished, bidders will carefully
examine the standard samples and specifica-
tions, so that proposals may be submitted by
them with a full knowledge of what will be
required. Preference will be given to articles
of domestic production and manufacture, con-
' dltlons of price and quality being equal (in-
cluding in the price of foreign production and
manufacture the duty thereon), and such pref-
erence will be given to. articles of American
production and manufacture produced on the
Pacific Coast, to the extent of the consump-
tion required by the public service there. The
United States reserves the right to accept or
reject any or all proposals or any part there-
of. Information and blanks for proposals will
be furnished on application. Envelopes con-
taining proposals will be endorsed "Propo-
sals No. 6212" and addressed to Major OSCAR
F. LONG, Quartermaster, U, S. Army, Depot
. Quartermaster. - ¦
CALIFORBIl lOmiESim-RI. CO.
LESSEE -1
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY, j j rs
Tiburon Ferry. Foot of Market St.
• . San Francisco to San Rafael.
WEEK DAYS— 7:30. 8:00. 11:00. a. m.; 12:35.
3:30, 6:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
' at 11:30 p.m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:50
and 11:30 p. mi » - r -
SUNDAYS— 8:00. 9:30. 11:00 a. m.; IM. 1:30,
•6:00, 6:20 p.m. ; -..'.'.
San Rafael to San Francisco.
WEEK DAYS— 6:10. 7:50. 9:20. 11:10 a. m.; 12:45.
'. 3:40, 6:15 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:56
. and 6:35 p. m. '- . ¦•-••' , - , ,
SUNDAYS— 8:10. »:40, 11:10 a. m.; 1:40, »:4V
¦6:05, 6:25 p.m." • . • ' .
Leave.' ..I In Effect I- Arrirs
San Francisco. [April 28. 1901.1 San Francisco.
Week I Sun- I ' 1 Sun- I Week
Days. I days. | Destination. I days. | Days.
7:30 am 8:00 am Novato. 10:40 am 8:40 am
- 3:30 pm 9:30 am Petaluma. 6:05 pm 10:25 am
6:10 pm 5:00 pm Santa Rosa. 7:35 pm 6:20 pm
1 - Fulton. •
7:20 am . Windsor.' 10:25 am
6:00 pm Healdsburg- 10:40 am " .
. . • ' Lytton. :
¦ < Geyservllle.
..8:30 pm 8:00 am Cloverdale. 7:35 pm 8:20 pm
7:30 am! 6:00 pm I Hopland 110:40 am|10:2S am
2:30 pm| 8:00 ami and Uklah. I 7:35 pm| 6:20 pm
. 7:30 am ; . •-• .' . 10:40 am 10:25 am
•| 8 UK) am Guerneville. 7:35 pm
3:80 pm 6:00 pm -.-... • . ' . (:20 pm
7:30 ami 8:00 am ¦ Sonoma - I 9:15 am 8:40 am
. and I"
6:10 pm! 5:00 pm Glen Ellen. | 6:05 pm 6:20 pm
7:50 ami 8:00 ami '¦• - : 110:40 am]10:25 am
8:30 pml 6:00 pml Sebastopol. I 7:33 pml 6:20 pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs and White Sulphur Splnrgs; at Fulton
for'Altrurla: at Lytton for Lytton Springs: at
Geycerville for Skaggs Springs; at Cloverdale
for - the •- Geysers: at Hopland 'for Duncan
Springs, Highland Springs, Kelseyvllle, Carls-
bad Springs, Soda Bay. Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs; at Uklah for Vichy Springs; Saratoga
Springs, Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake, Witter
Springs. . Upper Lake. ( Porno, Potter Valley.
John Day's, Riverside, -Lierley's, Bucknells.
Sanhedrin Heights, Hullvllle. Orr*'s Hot
Springs, Mendocino City, Fort Bragg, . West-
port, Usal. , . Willlts, : Laytonville. Cummins.
Bell's " Springs, Harris, '. Olsen'a, Dyer, . Scotia
and Eureka. . - •
Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at re-
duced rates. " . • . <
On Sunday round trip tickets to all point*
beyond San Rafael at half rates. .- ¦ ¦
Ticket . Office. 650 Market ' street. ' Chronicl*
, ¦*, Building. . .\
H. C. WHITING. ,8. X. RTAN,'
v . Gen. Manager. ..-'.: Gen. Pass. Agt.
MOUNT TAMALPAI5 RAILWAY
. • '• ;T1» S«u*Uto Ferry— Foot of HirkwSt, '
If >vi itn fran. '." »nmvc •*« ma*.
* Jilt ?: £ 5 «v«~«w« * *• ™*m I f;g A ; £
V^^JOa.m.') .-¦¦*¦ \ ',\ ••. . f 12:15 p.m.
/ 9K»a.m. '••:.; ; . 1:15 p.m.
10K»A. M. I STTNDAVS A 350 P.M.
U30A.M.': SUNDAYS / 4J5Op.it
.130p.m. '¦:','-¦ ' - saop. m.
2A0P.M.J - : , . . . ..(.7:10p.m.
Kniiim fan. San Frandteo to Sosan sad Bttora. 81.« ~ •
I ¦ Ticket Offices. 621 Market St.. & Sausalito Perry.
yy r;^;I)r.GiblwiV8pispeiisai7,
/L,tJ^ 629 KEARNY ST. Established
' BMr.TSsft 1 " * 85 * for the treatmont of Private
' Km I f>1 '¦STT Diseases, Ix>st Manbood. Debility or
& ¦ BdKfasf wearlngon body and mlml and
ij| JSkin Diseases. The Doctorcures when
B^Hothers fail. Try him. t'harges low.
SMBMCnrf • t aarnnlMd. Cullorwrlta
• Dr. J. JP. OIBnos. Uaa Francisco, Cal.
We rrTT-ii 1 - I i*~-Tr tfinT'T'i'Ti" -"If* i-st ~mt ,¦ t-mf i i ,. tm - ¦ , ¦ i ~w- _-ht. **.•&>*- .^WPE-I
DIVIDEND Notice— Dividend No. 22 (twenty-
five cents per share) of the Kllauea . Sugar
Plantation Company, will be payable at the
office of the company, 327 Market St.. on and
after SATURDAY, June 15th, 1901. Transfer
books clossd Monday, June • 10, 1901, at 3
o'clock p. m. ¦ E. H. SHELDON. Sec.
HOTEL Las Palmas, 1820 Market— Suites, 2 or
iTTooms, bath, connecting: beard optional.
HOTEL Repeller, 781 Sutter— Newly furn.;
excellent table; special rates to tourists.
ALMORA Hotel. Twentieth and Mission— Ele-
gantly furnished suites or single, with board.
PINE. 1006 (The Victor)— New management;
thoroughly renov. ; sunny suites, with board.
. C7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
* (Tuesday), at 1 o' clock, from his late resi-
dence, 938 Hampshire street, thence to I. O.
O. F. Hall; where services. will be held un-
der the auspices. of Ccncordia Lodge No. '122.
.. I. O. O. F., - commencing at 2 o'clock. ¦ i In-
terment; I.- O.,O. F. ; Cemetery. • .¦;¦:,%
KOCH (COOK)— In '; this ' city, • June '¦ »,* 1901
Simon, beloved husband • of .Elizabeth : Koch
• and father.. of ' Simon, ':' Henry, . Otto, * Carrie
. C? Notice of funeral hereafter. ¦
FORTMANN— In Bremervoerde. .. Germany. June
7, 1901, Magdalena, widow of the late Fred-
erick Fortmann, and mother of Henry 1 F.
Fortmann, aged 72 years. ... ¦ . . ; : ' -,-
GIFFIN— In this city, June 10, 1901, Coleman
; Joseph, beloved 'husband of Annie GIffln, and
r brother of Elizabeth and John GIffln and
Sister Mary Paul, a native of Albany, N. Y.,
• aged ; 62 ¦years. 7 months and: 9 days. \ .
ITGEN— In this city, June . 9, 1901, Carl Her-
man. ' dearly beloved husband of Louisa
. Itgen, beloved father of Herman Itgen, step-
father , of Charles : and Henry .Smlti, and
" brother of i Mrs. ' C. . B." Grass, ! a I native of
Dorum, Hanover, Germany, aged 66 years 2
months and 6 days. A member of Concordla
Lodge. No. 122, I.' O.' O. -F. t and : Walhalla
Encampment 'No. -7. I. O. ¦ O: F. •:- v v .. •
IcyFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
' fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 3 o'clock, from the parlors of
the' California Undertaking Comsany, 405
Powell street, near Post. Interment Laurel
• Hill Cemetery.. .. • . - ' . . . . . .
COUGHLIN— In this city, June 9, 1901, Michael
1 Joseph, dearly beloved son of Mary and . the
late David Coughlin, and brother of ¦ John',
Frank, Mamie , and William' Coughlin and
Mrs. John O" Donnell. a • native of . San ' Jose,
aged 33 years 1 month and 12 days. (San
Jose papers please copy.) r -^ .
tE7"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited .to 'attend the funeral to-morrow
, (Wednesday), at- 8:30 o'clock, from his late
residence, 434 Brannan street," thence to St.
¦ Rore's Church, where a solemn requiem mass
will be celebrated . for the repose of his soul,
commencing at .9. o'clock. Interment Holy
' Cross Cemetery. • :
DILLON— In this city, June 6, 1901, William
• Dillon, a native of Pennsylvania, aged 70
• years, ' ¦ ';¦*-. 1* "* •-' ¦-"¦ ¦ « * " • *
lETThe funeral will be held this day (Tues-
¦ day), at 11 o'clock, from the parlors of A.
W. Martin & Co., 819 O'Farrell street. In-
terment Mount Olivet Cemetery. > ' .
DOUD— In this city, June 10. 1901.: Aaron, be-
¦ loved husband of Flora H. Doud; j and father
of Mrs. H. B.; Edwards and the late W: A.
Doud, a native of New^York,. aged 68 years
1 month and 1 15 days. "
icy Notice of funeral hereafter!
CLEMENTS- In this city, June 8, 1901, Baard,
bftloved husband of Annie Clements, a na-
tive of Norway, aged 41 years.
ICTFrlends and acquaintances are ' respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 9 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 1264 vEddy Btreet, thence to St. Igna-
tius Church, where a solemn .requiem mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul
at 0:30,o'clock. Interment Mount Calvary
Cemetery. . . . . !
BYRNKS— In this city,' June 10. 1901. Mamie
A. Byrnes, beloved sister of Rev. " Joseph F.
Byrnes of Novato, Cal., Michael J. and
Henry T. Byrnes and Mrs. A. R. Pf aff, a
native* of San •Francisco.
tt"7"Notlce of funeral hereafter. Remains
at the parlors of J. S. Godeau, 305 Montgom-
' ery avenue., •
BRADLEY— In thi* "city, June 8, 1901," Alex-
ander B.. beloved son of Bernard and the
late ¦ Elizabeth Bradley, a native of - San
¦Francisco, aged 32 years.
(^"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 10 o'clock, from St. -John's
Presbyterian Church, corner California and
Octavla streets. Interment 'Cypress Lawn
Cemetery, by 11:30 o'clock train from Third
and Townsend streets.
BEAv. CHAMP— In- Oakland, June 9, 1901. at
- 5711 McCall street, Anna Mildred, daughter
of Livingston and. Lena Beauchamp, a native
of San Francisco, aged 5 months and 22 days.
BKNSON— In this city, June 10. 1901. John A.
Benson. A member of the Longshore Lumber-
men's "Protective Association, Local 224.
. ICTFriends and acquaintances and members
of above court are respectfully 'invited to
attend the funeral this day (Tuesday), at
8:30. o'clock, from his late residence. . 1208
Flllmore street, between Turk and Eddy,,
: and thence to the Church of the Holy Cross,
where a solemn requiem, mass will be cele-
brated for the rejjuse of his soul, * commenc-
ing . at. 9 o'clock. Interment "Holy Cross
Cemetery.
BALCH-In • this' city, June 10, 1901, Neilie D.,
beloved wife of Daniel W. Balch, and mother
of George T.,.Maud, John A., Daniel F. and
¦ the lcte D. Herbert Balch, a native of New
York, aged 56 '.years 11 months and 22 days.
(Syracuse, N. Y., papers please copy.) . •:
IC? Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 9 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, D street, thence to St. Matthew's
Church, San Mateo, where a solemn requiem
mass will be celebrated for the repose of hia
Interment St. John's Cemetery. :
AURADOU— In this city, June 10, 1901, Eu-
genie Auradou, relict of the late Alex L.
Auradou, and mother of A. Leon Auradou
and Marie Dumont, a .native of Belfort.
• France, aged 62 years 11 months and 3 days.
(ETFriends and acquaintances, are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 1309 Powell street. Interment Odd
Fellows' Cemetery.
BANK— In this city, June 8, 1901, George J.,
dearly beloved husband of Bella G. Bank,
and father . of Walter. Gertrude, Joseph,
Freddie .and the late George Bank, and
brother of Mrs. Julia Heins of Eureka. Cal.,
a native of San Francisco, aged 41 years and
21 days. A member of Court Seal Rock No.
45, F. ,of A., and Golden Gate Chapter No-
711, American Guild. (Eureka, Cal., papers
please copy.)
AHLERT— In San Mateo, June 9, 1901, Louis
F. Ahlert, beloved son of John G. and Min-
nie Ahlert,' and. brother of Lavina, Joseph,
Frederick, William and Francis.. Ahlert, a
native of San Francisco, aged 23 years and 6
• months. ' . '. -\ ¦
Giffln, Coleman J. Thompson, Edward
I teen, Carl H. - "Wallace, Bernice
Kocfl (Cook), Simon Wells (Infant)
Laden, Mary . '
Dillon,. William Stephens, Ellas G.
Doud, Aaron Stephens; Sarah
Fortmann Magdalena Stuart, Annie J.
DIED.
Ahlert, Louis F. - Lefevre, Henry B.
Auradou, Eugenie Loose, Anna
Bank, Georse J. ,- McGreeor, Ellen A
Balch, Nellie D. Martens, Margarethe
Beauchamp, Anna M. Mibach, Peter J.
Benson, John A. Mullen, Jane \V.
Bradley, Alex B. Pierce, Fannie , '
Byrnes, Mamie A. Piombo, Frank >.
Clements, Baard . Rainey, Ella C. ¦ ¦ .
Coughlin, Michael J. v Shoebrldge, Frederick
: /J5^:L,!i STRC3IE:vrr5 —^-«i-
A LIST of fine second-hand bartrCns— 1 ~r^XT
~i. , ( - lKTA7 ' & SON. 10 O'Farre'l «t
SSSw&fc Vcse. Sterling Aeency- also
Apollo, king of eolf-rlaycrs. Acenc > • aI «o
SAHMKR & Co.. Byron Mauzy. Gsbier Lester
"cs'pos?. 11 and Spieljnaan P'anos. Bj-rckMluzy;
a t r ctry
3^^t^a^s^&^
X 'Y??3w ??A nos the most Popular. WILEY B.
ALLEN CO.. general aeepts. 933 Market «st
6 FiEChCT Uprlght -. 21?
A F3?F upri 8 ht Piano for sale cheap. E37 Me-
AT WILSON- S STORAGE. 1706 Market stl. you
can get storage pianos almost for a eong.
n *A?MT?^ e U « 6Old: nlce ur>rie:ht Iano -
SCHMITZ. 16 McAllister, next Hlbernla Banlt.
Sl w E r I i I 2J? cIlnE . zithers, old and new. H. j
MTTLLER. maker, repalrtr. g Latham place. '
OFFICES AND STORES TO LET.
EMMA SPRECKELS building. S27 Market Et.—
¦ Bunny offices. $15 to £!0: usual services.
OIL.
-.. ii-iaj mx.r.nn n_i..n.i ji J pj 1 .n.n.n,n.rLiijirunj,j..i- U w 1 .., J '
EEST oil land !n the State: enormous pro-
ducers around us: a fortune in our stocks: -we !
know it, will prove It. by giving you negrotia- j
Die bond: bears 3 per cent interest; guarantees ]
J""ur stock against any loss; you can't lose; '
Kilt edge references: call, write, investigate.
Paxton Gold Bond OH Co.. 318 Kearny Bt.
CALISTOGA Oil and Development Company;
operating on 2120 acres of oil land in nine
districts. Office, 23 and 24 Merchants' Ex.
COSTA RICA— Last chance at 10c: big advance
In a few days. Pacific States Mining and In-
vestment Co.. 326 Post Open evenings.
OIL tanks. 6econd-hand. In good order: all
sizes: cheap. H. S. WHITE. 516 Mission st.
Oil. L,A3fDS.
FOR SALE-?10,000.
One-Xourth interest In 2000 acres first-class oil
land In Kern County: a fortune for the -man
who pets this, or •will exchange for Improved
property in Bay counties and pay cash dif-
ference: no agents; principals only. Box 42S7.
Call office. _^
PAIJfTEnS AND DECORATORS.
WALL paper, window 6hades; rooms papered $3
up. Jensen & Bath. 308 Sixth; open evenings.
WE paper parlors or rooms from $3 up: paint-
lng done. 319 Third ct. Hartman Paint Co.
PAPER-HANGING, house painting: good reli-
able work. Clark's. 808 Larkin:tel. LarktnlOft).
PHYSIOGNOMY.
SCIENTIFIC delineations of character by face
or photo. Mary O. Stanton. S10 Leavenworth:
verbal read'g. >l; printed chart, it 50; lessons.
PAL31ISTRY.
MME. GERMAINE. the business palmist of
the Pacific Coast; 1 to 5. 906 Market st_
H. JEROME FOSSELLI. scientific palmist. 515
Taylor ct.. bet- Geary and Post; tel. Black 56L
MRS. LAMB, scientific palmist and character
reading; lessons in class and private. €17 Jones.
MRS. WM. McMANUS. scientific palmist. 1149
Market. 10 to 5: residence T31 Guerrero st.
PHYSICIANS AND SURGEONS.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL— Office and residence.
1921 Market et.. between Sixth and Seventh.
DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor, successfully
treats ail diseases of the human body: see
teftimonialp at office. 115-117 Mason, nr. Ellis.
PERSONALS.
WHT THROW YOUR LIFE AWAY ? ? ?
Going without sleep and turning yourself Into
a nervous, irritable wreck; all nervous and
mental diseases cured; sleep assured : ballu-
' oina\ions' dispelledl DR. VAN LANDEGHEM.
CCS Geary Et.; tel. Brown SO; hours. 10 to 4.
A— IF your hair is falling or you are bald, call
on DR. G. S. MOORE. 4S8 Geary st.. and you
¦will not be disappointed: this remedy is posi-
tively guaranteed: preparation sent to all
parts -of the world: call or send for circular.
A WOMAN on exhibition, old and wrinkled on
one side of face, other f-'.&e made smooth and
youthful by expert specialist in charee. Call
N. Y. Ir.st. Dermatology. 105 Ellis, r. 20-21. S.F.
EL.ECTEIC light in every room— Winchester
Hotel. 44 Third St.. near. Market: 700 rooms;
25c to tl 30 per tright; $1 50 to $6 i>er week;
-*ree 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
II WEEKLY— Suits to order from genuine
Scotch. SIS up; fine drees Milts. JZO up; ele-
gant overcoats, 115 up. LEON LEMOS. 1117
Market tt.. between Seventh and Eighth.
WHITE enamel iron beds, eina-le. three-quarter
or double, 12 25. EASTERN OUTFITTING
CO.. 1330-1312 Stockton st.. near Broadway.
FOR sale — Automobile. Fteam: about 1000 miles
of use. T. B. ROEBE. 2 Waller et.
LafileE* and gents' cast-off clothing bought and
told. J. Silverman, SS4 Folsom; tel. Folsom 11SL
TOADIES' tailor suits made to order: reasonable.
S. KRAMER. Ladies' Tailor. 220 Powell st.
TAILOR made euits. f7 60; dress pants. $2 50.
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
Dr. Dunton: disease* of. men only: sanitarium
63S Clay et.. cor. Kearny: consultation free.
FPRING styles Standard patterns now ready.
"Domestic" office. 1021 Market St., nr. Sixth.
Dr. Harriet Welch. 2115 Bush: hours 2 to 3, ex-
cept Th. and Sat.; electrolysis: 17 years' exper.
OLD gold, silver, diamonds and precious stones
bought. J. R. JENKEL. 817 Market st.
ALFREDUMS Egyptian Henna; restores gray
hair' to its natural color: fl; at all druggists.
MASQUERADE costume*, play books, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mkt.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles destroyed with
electric needle. MISS EATON. 1119 Sutter Bt
DR. LAMOTTE'S French Corn Paint, the best
com cure: 25c: all druggists.
PILES. ' ' "¦¦' _'___¦.
-NEARLY 1000 permanent cures here in your
midst; many who have suffered 20 to 30
years; over fifty names of prominent busi-
ness men sent as reference; no chloroform,
eurgery or delay from business, and no
talves for tale. Particulars, address Physi-
clin. box 19,S0. Cull offlr*. R. F.. Cal.
REAL ESTATE — CITY — FOR SALE.
A VL SPECK & CO..
667 MARKET BT.. OPP. KEARNY.
Genuine Bargains in Best Portion of City.
V>1, 000— Poet Bt. corner, downtown; splendid
building; CO feet front; paying 6 per
cent net.
JELOOO— Sixth-et. corner; VA blocks from Mar-
ket; renU J225; fine building.
J40.OOO— Grand Investment: few blocks from Tl-
voli; modern building: leased to one ten-
ant for 6 years at $4000 per annum; only
Vt cash. . . .
£40.000 — First-et. corner; 75 feet front; whole-
sale and manufacturing district; vlcin-
.'..** lty new Crocker building.
$37,500— Ellis Et.. close to Taylor; new* building;
. • ' one tenant; leased -with security; annual
rents about $2S0O.
(36,000— Downtown Mission-st. bargain; 70 feet
front; this is a rare buy; the largest
lot to be had on Mission st. to-day.
I2E.000— Best Improved; north - of Market St.,
close to Geary and Grant ave.: 4-story
and basement brick building; 40 feet
frontage; rent f!70.
flS 600— Howard Et.. near Third; splendid 4-story
and basement structure: no better buy
- * to be had In this district ; low rents $125.
$17,500 — Western Addition business property;
. stores and flats on best street; 50-foot
i S." lot: this la a clean investment; rents
$107, • ¦ •
$15,000— Sansome-eL corner: wholesale district:
S3 feet frontage: rents 1135.
til 000 — Modern flats; rents $140; lot 50x137:6;
facing Golden Gate Park.
$J1CO— McAIHster'St. Income property: near
Octavla; two frontages; rents $85 per
'"¦¦ month; lot 27:6x120.
A. M. SPECK & CO..
-v - 667 Market Btreet.
¦ 1
RICHMOND Land Co., 323 Clement - et.. has
several attractive bouses, 4, E, 6 and 7 rooms,
that ore -offered at less than cost of con-
struction: " First choice Is best.
$1200— FOR -sale, house of 6 rooms; lot 25x100;
newly painted; nice garden; everything in
bert condition. 82 East Park St.. Holly Park,
near Mission et. •
NEW modern houses, 6 rooms; bath; on Mont-
gomery ave.. near Leavenworth st. : $2300. | In-
stallments $15 monthly: take Hyde-st. car.
FLATS on San Jose ave.; always rented; $3500.'
T. J. MAY. «S Market Bt. -
M, GRIFFIN. '13 Market— Lists of farms and
¦' city property for eale & exchange; send gtarap.
IF you have lots to sell north of the Park,
then call on W. J. GUNN, C30 California et:
STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES.
p7E^C^ROD^LTH^ito1 : aeTlinTlao^mT % Co7
oftice Post and Powell sts. ; tel. Main 5713.
GOLDEN WEST Storage Warehouse. S40 Mis-
sion St.; tel. Howard 941. F. W. ZEHFUSS.
BE KINS Van and Storage Co.. 722 Mission St.;
tel Main 1S40; shipping at cut rates.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged, re-
palrert: open even. : phone Black 1124. 205 4th.
SEWIXG MACHINES A\D SUPPLIES.
BAD tenants ejected for $4: collections made;
city cr country. PACIFIC COLLKC.TION
NOTICE — Abandoned children in the Roman
Catholic Orphan Asylum since January. 1900:
Elsie Harris, age 6 years; Mary Kevill. age
S years.
LADIES— Chlchester English Pennyroyal Pills
are the best: safe, reliable: take no other;
Eend 4c- stomps for particulars, "Relief for
Ladies" in letter by return mail: at drug-
rlets. Chlchester Chemical Co., Phlladel.. Pa.
, . - (Successor to Flannagan & Gallagher.) ¦> ¦
¦ ¦¦ DANIEL P.- DONOVAN. Mgr. ;
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMEKS.
.20 Fifth St., opposite Lincoln School. *
. ¦ Telephone South 80.
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.
jambs McGinn;
Formerly .with McGinn Bros. , has opened
new Funeral Parlors at 214 Eddy St.. I bet
Taylor and. Jones. ".-Telephone South -576. j
' tl and 29 ¦ Fifth i it -/..Tet; South"' 167.' --;3
I UNEBAL DIBIOTOES ¦ AKi) | K1UAI.MEBV
- Finest 'Equipment * at Moderate*' Rates. '
UNITED; UNDERTAKERS,
PROPOSALS.— State Prison supplies.— Sealed
proposals will be received at the office of the
clerk at the State Prison. San Quentin, until
10:30 a. rn., Saturdav. the 15th day of June,
: 1901, and at the office of the clerk at the
State Prison at Folsom, until 9:30 a. m
Monday, the 17th day of June, 1901, at which
times and places thejrwill.be opened in the
presence of bidders, for furnishing and deliv-
ering supplies for said prisons, consisting of
subsistence stores, forage, fuel, fuel oil. fur-
nishing power to run the Jute mill at San
Quentin, clothing, medicines. ¦ lime, cement
and other staple Buppliea, from July 1/ 19W,
to .June 30, • 1902, inclusive, on conditions as
• per printed schedules, which will be furnished
upon application at either of the above of-
fices. No bid will bt considered unless made
' upon said schedules, nor unless accompanied
by the certified check therein required, nor
- from any other parties than bona fide dealers
• Jn the classes of articles to be furnished.
* Each bidder' must accompany his bid with
a certified check upon some well known and
responsible banking house for at least 10 per
cent of the amount of - his bid. payable to
R. M. Fitzgerald, president of the board.
. ¦ conditioned that the bidder I will . enter Into
. a contract upon notice of acceptance, as re-
, quired, by law. Bids for either prison must
. be .marked separately.. All payments made
on contracts will be paid in : cash ' or Con-
: troller's warrants. 'Bidders will carefully fol-
, - low the ' conditions of the schedules. ' The
board reserves the right to reject any or all
bids, as the, public Interest may require, 'and
to i order, any quantity over t or under < the
amount "" ¦rjecifled. R. M. ' FITZGERALD,
president; F. W. REYNOLDS, acting : clerk.
BAILWAY TBAVZL.'
CALIFORNIA
LIMITED
- . After June 3, and during the
-. '¦• ' summer, this train will run
semi-weekly, leaving San Fran-
cisco at 9:09 a. m. Mondays
and- Thursdays, arriving at
Chicago 2:15 p. m. Thursdays
and Sundays.
No other train, compares
with it for beauty or perfec-
tion of service. -
SANTA FE
"y *•'¦. ""¦ '.'¦
SOUTHERN PACIFIC.
frslnv 1<m*v#» i*ntl >nrt* <§tt^ to nrrlvti <••
WAN FKABUUMVO.
' ¦ ' ¦ (Main Line, Foot of Market Street)
ICATK — From Jmts 0. 1301. . — areitb
7:OOa Bcnicia, Suiaun, Eisiira, Vacarille,
Ramsey and haemmento 6:£3r
"' .-:$»* Martinez, S«a IUmou, Vallejo, Napa,
(Jaliatcjjim.ndSii.ijSa Uosa 0l33p
S:OOa DavU, Woodland. Knlgbts Landing,
MarjBTille,Oro»iHe_ 7sS.lF
8:OOa Atlantic Kxpreu— Ogdeu mad But 13:S3p
»:o«a Mies, Lithrop, Stockton <£33r
»:«4>A»:ies, il enact*, Hacford, Visalia,
PortarrUlo 4:S3»
S:3V& Shasta Express— Davia. Williama (for . -
Bartlett Springs), Willows, Sod
Bluff. Portland. 7i5S*
•trtO* Sau .loss, Lirermote, Ktoektoit,
Imie. Sacramento. PlaeerfUle, -
afnrjsTiUe. Cbicn, Keil Muff 4(SSr
SiSoa Oakdate, Chinese < Yosemite). 80-
"¦ • ~ nora. Carters 4:25*
»:««»* H»yw*ril, Miles and Way Stations.. I IsMa
9:O»a Vallejo.. l*S*3r
y :00a Los Angeles Express — Martinez,
Tracy,' Latlirop. Ntoekton, Merced
Fresno and Los Aneetea ' 7:S3f
•J::tOA VallRjn, KUrtiuez and Way Stations ?:&3r
|U:OUA Tha Onerlautl Limited — Og Jou, D«n-
Ter, Oiuaha. Chicag.i « Ss»Sp
flrOOp Sacramento Kiter 8:.e»iiier» {SiOOA
«:3OP Ilajward, MU^-b and Way Htations.. 7:33r
4t«(ir Ufuici-.v, Winters. Mactaniento,
Woodland, Kniglits l.oudlug, ' ¦
MarysTille. Oro.illo 1O:O3a
4:O«p Martiuez, Ktui IUiuom, Vallejo,
N»l>n. llaliHtoua, .Santa Itnm »¦»»<
4:00p Niles, LiTermore, Stockton, Lo<M... I2.«3r
. 4:3<>r H»y»*rd. £iUea,.Sau J«we, Iinrmore tSi^.l*
4<30p Port Cos a, Tncy. Lathrop, St-ckton 1ox23a
5:««pTlie Owl Limited— (T/t=ai.o, ToUre,
Bakersfleld, Sangiis for Santa itax- .
ban, Los Angeles...*... 8:33 1
3:«0p Martin z, Antiuch, Stockton, Mer-
ced Fremo ....................... ll:23p
5:O»p Yoseuitte 1 12:«3p
3:3Op New Orleans Exprera — Mendota.
Fresno, Bakcratteut. Los Acgeles, "
D ming; El Paso, New Orieana
• ' ¦ and EkSt. '.7«35a
6:«0p Hayward, NiiesaudSan Jose '.. 7s33t
tC:O<ip Valloji> ."...^ - 11:83*
O:O«p Oriental JIall— Ots'len, Cheyenne..
Omaha. Chicago „ 13sS3p
" O:OOp Oriental Jlall— Ogden, Denver,
. St Lonii. Chicago. 4:»3r
7:OOp Oreifon aud CalififfnU Kx|ireM,Hac-
ntiiiniitu. Muryntlllo, UbiUHuk,
rintln.1.1. Plight Huniitl anil Kast S:3-1a
§:»Sr San Pablo. TnA Costa, Mirtinez
ami Way atatious 11>S3a
1W.-O5P Vallfjo.... » *^V>P
COAST LINE (Xarron tla« S e).
(Foot o( Market Street.)
1 4 :43a Santa Cruz Excursion to 4snt& Cruz
• iudPrincpal W»y 8t»tt-ns J«:03y
S: I H\ Newark, CViittrrYille,.San Jure. Feiton,
Boul Jur (Jt«k, Santa Onu and Way
.SUtlum...... 3:3<»r
1 StISr Newark, Csiiterrllle. ten Joae. New
Alruaden, Fulton, IbmUler 4U«ek,
Santa Croz and Piinclpal Way
SUtious.^ tl»:»«»*
4:1. -»p Newark, 8an Jose. Los Gates | {l o|a«t
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
fraa 815 ZfUHCIiCO-f oov «f Market Strict (Slip 8>-
t7:lS ».00 11:00a. M. 1:53 3:03 6:I3i-.m.
•mm0lIUHa~r«l.lBrii»i««».— T«:00 td:0O 13:03
10:00 «.M. 12:00 3:00 i:D3 r.M. -
COAST IilNE (Uroatl Gange).
(third and Touruaend Sts.)
A:Ki« San Jose and Way Htations. *''£ ap
I7:«OA Han Jose ami Wa» Bt»th«i» Is»«»F
t7:»OA Sunday Exctxrsion for Sao Jrse.
Bants Cnra. P«dfic Grow and ¦
Principal Way SUtiooa. ;8:3«r
»>OOa Han Jose. Tres I'inos. Hunt* Cruz.
PmcUic (Jro»e, >alin»a Ran Luis
Oblspo and Principal iutenxxedi»te
SUtious... 4tlOT
IOiSOa. San Jcse and Way Stations. J .V a ° T
/1»:3»A New Almftileii.; / 3:30p
II:3(>A Han Jose ami Way Ktationa Si3Up
?3:l»p San .MatBO, lledwooti. Menlo Park.
Palo Alto. HanUCTiara. San Jose,
Tres Plnos, SanU Cruz. Salinas, '
Monterey and Pacific Grore 110:43*
RsSUp Han Jose and Way Stations 8:3»a
f I:l3p San Jose and Principal Way SUtious »:43a
- t3:OOp San Jose. Los Gatoa and Principal
Way SUtious i»«««»
3:3Op San .1 osn and Principal Way Stations 8:33a
OMiOp Kedwo-d. Han Jose. Giln>y. Sallna., vv
8anta Barhara, Los Angeles 10:03.4
6:00p Del Monte, Monterey. Paafic Qiotc. •
Loiupoe • IOiOSa
6: nop San Jose and Way SUtlons ffttAOA
all:45p San JoseaiKl Way SUtlons 7i3dy
A for Morning. P for Afternoon.
t Sunday excejited. i Sntv" » only,
a Saturday only. /Tu^Jays and Fridays.
Saata Fe Trains
Leave Market-street Ferry Depot. .
¦ I Local I Hm'd lOvrl'dl Local
I Dally \ * I Daily | Dally
Lv. San Fran 7:20 a 9:00 a 8:00 p 4:20 p
Ar. Stockton.. 10:lS a 11:45 a 11:10 p 7:13 p
"Merced ;. 12:22 p 1:17 p 1:13 a 9:11 p
, " Fresno ... 2:05 p 2:35 p 3:05 a 10:50 p
" Hanford . 3:12 p 3:27 p 7:06 a
" Vlsalia:.. 3:40 p 4:48 a
" Bakersfld 6:15 p 5:20 p 7:30 a
. " K&na. C'y 2:40 a 7:30 a
- "-Chicago .. 2:15 p 9:00 p
! a for morning;, p for afternoon.
•3:00 a m. train la the California Lim-
ited, leavine Monday and Thursday only.
carrying Palace Sleeping Cars and Dining
Cars through to Chicago. Chair Car runs
to Bakersfleld for accommodation of local
first-class passengers. No second-class
tickets honored <on this train. Correspond-
ing train arrives at 5:55 p. m. Tuesday and
Friday.
4:20 d. m. ia Stockton and Fresno local.
Corresponding train arrives at 12:30 p. m.
daily.
8:00 p. tn. la the Overland Express, with
through Palace and Tourist Sleepers . and
Free Reclining Chair Cars to Chicago;
also Palace - Sleeper, which • cuts out at
Fresno. Corresponding train arrives at 5:55
p. ' m. daily. *
7:20 a. m. la . Bakersfleld Local, stopping
at all points in San Joaquln Valley. Cor-
responding train arrives at S:40 a. m. dally.
Offices— 641 Market street and in Fer~7
Depot, San Francisco; 1112 Broadway. Ock*-
land. ...¦¦-¦'
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausallto Ferry. '
Commencing April 28. "1901,
FBOM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLET
, .AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— S:S5. 8:30,' »9:30. 11:00 a. m..
12:45. n:4& 3:15. 4:15. 5:15. *8:1S, 8:45 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and San
Rafael on .Mondays, Wednesd^ys, Saturdays
and Sundays at 9:30 and 11:43 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 7:00. 8:00. »9:00. »10:00. 11:00. 11:30
a. m.. 12:45i n-.3O. 2:80. •3:45. 5:00. 8:00.7:30
p. m. 11:00 a. m. does not run to San P.afaei
Sundays.' . <
Trains marked (•) run to San Quentln.
F R -OM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK ¦ DAYS— •5:23. 8:27. 7:47. 8:35. 10:15
a. m..>*12:25. 1:15. 2:20. •3:35. 4:40. 6:30 p. m. -
EXTOA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 6:45 and 10:00 p. m.
SUNDAYS-«:15. »8:0O. 9:45. Tl:0O a.m..-»U
m..l:00. 2:15. *3J0, 4:30. "SMS. 6:45. 7:30, 10:10-
p. m-' • ' •
Trains- marked <•> start from San Quentln.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS-6N5, 6:45. 7:55.. 8:55, 10:30
a. m.. 12:35, 1:43. 2:45. 3:50. 5:10, 5:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:35 p. m. •.
, SUNDAYS— «:35. 8:00. 10:05. 11:10 a. tn.. 13:14,
l-'O 2:30. 3:45. 5:00. 6:15. 7:15. 10:30 p. m.
• ; THROUGH TRAINS.
6:55 a. m. week days— Cazadero and way sta-
tions.' *• '•%*"-' '.¦'¦¦ ;-"-.¦
¦ '3:15 p. m- Saturdays — Cazadero and way sta-
tions. * T »»£j?P'."«f*«"y*6lr^ - ¦ T
5:15 o. m." week dan (Saturdays ¦ excepted>—
Tomales and way stations. • : , ,
. 8 a. m. Sundays— Cazadero and .way ' stations.
10:00 a. re. Sundays — Point Reyes -and , way
stations. ' .-.¦- 1 ».-:';¦-»•..'; . .»•
VnHr Call iLOOiffi
i ; " Get aboard in California — get off at Omaha, ChicagoT!
| Kansas City or- St. Louis.
Kg There *s the whole story of a trip cast, with one of the
fig Burlington
I Overland Excursions.
I No changes; no delays; no bother about tickets or bag-
1 gage; porter to do your bidding; experienced excursion
§5 • manager to look after you; fast time; finest scenery on the
1 -globe., . ~
fig I -.. | ' From Los Angeles Mondays and Wednesdays; San Francisco,
S fwrewajgaH Tuesdays and Thursdays. Tickets and berths at Southern Pacific
8 llitiillhiiinTi!! ticket offices or by writing
8 iilmffijpl W ' D< Sanborn ' Gcn>1 A Sent» 631 Market St., San Francisco.J. R. Lusk of Newcastle, Pa_, president;
John P. Mann of Knnls, Tex., vice president;
J. F. Mackie of Chicago, secretary and treas
urer. Executive committee— F. S. James, of
Cherokee, la.; A. D. Caulfield of Wilson. La.;
J. W. Culneen of Auburn, N. T.; G. H. Brown
of Alamosa, Colo.
The convention closes Thursday, when a
flying trip will be made to Santa Cruz.
On the return of the railroad men from
that place the delegates will go East over
the Southern Pacific via Ogden.
The officers of the association are the
following named:
James Li. • Flood filed suit yesterday to
enjoin the Board of Public Works from
proceeding .with the work of joining the
sewer pipes emptying from the Baldwin
Annex to the outlet from the old Baldwin
Mock proper, which has been purchased
by Mr. Flood. In his . petition for an in
junction Flood avers that he purposes
immediately erecting a building on the
old Baldwin Hotel lot, and the sewer out
let is inadequate for the purposes of his
building If the proposed connection with
the Baldwin Annex is made. The fact
that Flood announces that he purposes
immediately erecting a building on his lot
lends Interest to the suit.
Flood Will Build at Once.
from want until another execution can be
levied against any other property whJch
investigation may prove belongs to- Hay
den. • * , •
The Crystal Hot Sea Baths.
..Tubs and swimming. » Best, tonic for nervous
and bodily 'exhaustion. ." Bay.'st.,.near Powell. •
I The Keswick Electric Power Company
of Shasta- County; filed a': mortgage ¦ yes
lerday ' for \ $200,000 ¦ with the County = Re
corder, r The mortgage has been given to
the Mercantile ? Trust ; - Company ¦ of this
city to: secure the. payment of 200 bonds
for - $1000 ¦• each, ' running . for thirty yeans
and £ bearing; interest, at ;the rate of 5 per
cent per annum. ;.".The; war; revenue taxes
on the filed mortgage amount to $100. . The
mortgage *•¦ has v a'so ¦ been •',; recorded ¦/. in
Shasta t. County, •¦; where • the : head ¦ office of
the company is : located.: ' .; . . . '¦**. ¦
Place Big Mortgage on Record.
'. The 'only route , having, through sleeping
car service between San Francisco and St.
Louis ; daily. Stop-overs : allowed ; at Salt
Lake City. For full -information ask L.
M. Fletchjer.; 212. California street. •
"The Missouri Pacific Limited"
¦Inhid efEort to avoid execution' by the
Sheriff on an alimony Judgment obtained
by Ms wife, I Edwin Hayden testified dur
ing the hearing of an order to show cause
that he -had no interest -In -the Hayden
Packing Company. An execution waa is
sued, however, -and Hayden's, Interest in
the firm was sold to Mrs.-» Hayden for
$55 35.- Now James Mahan, who was Hay
den's partner in the firm, wants to know
•who his. partner is, and hence has insti
tuted a suit to dissolve the copartnership
and to secure an accounting.. Judge Hunt
determined yesterday that Mrs.. Hayden's
purchase of •¦ her . husband's interest was
legal,: and. hence she was r made a- party
defendantin Mahan's suit. - Though Hay
den*: was sent to jail recently for failing
to pay his wife alimony, it Is. probable
that Mrs., Hayden t will net: a sufficient
amount- from the business in which- she
Durchased a; half interest to ' secure her
Hayden Lose His ; Business. '
TWO CHINESE SLAVE
WOMEN DISCHABQED
United States District Attorney
¦WoodwoVth/Has Adopted a' Plan :
; ; V ,. to Save!; Time. ,; >•,
On motion of United States District At
torney Woodworth,; who said the Govern
ment had no evidence to convict the de
fendants, United States Commissioner
Heacock has discharged Chen Yuk and
Wong Yuk Tim, Chinese . slave • women,
captured in • Sullivan alley in the recent
Federal raid. > ' ¦ ¦' ' .... - ' : _¦
The United States District Attorney . Is
rapidly cleaning up the remainder, of the
Chinese ' slave cases. | Wherever i he finds
that ..the' Government .has no case h«
moves -for- a: -Jismissal. This procedure
lightens the .work, of the court and saves
much .valuable time.
" To-morrow (Wednesday) again • there
will be on salo 1200 all-wool $20 men's suits
for (4 65 a suit at the clothing assignee
sale of the Boston, 773 Market street, near
Fourth.- / : . ¦ .;¦ •
You Are Asked to Attend.
_The trial of "SirV Harry Westwood
Cooper, alias Ernest' Moore Chadwlck, on
the charge of sending a forged telegram
to Norine . Schneider; at Valle jo Junction,
to induce, her to, marry him, was contin
ued before Judge^Cook and. a Jury yes
terday. Miss -Schneider, was called I and
Attorney Murph'yjat once offered 'the ob
jection ' that she; could not .testify against
her husband, arguing that it had ; not been
proved legally, that Cooper had been mar
ried ¦. to a girl ' in v Canada. The Judge de
cided to admit her", evidence with the'res
ervation', that it could be stricken out of
£ e _* record if » ' af ter examining the au
thorities, ¦/< he-.: considered 'the objection
well taken. - >. ¦•• • • . >
During the whole -time she was "on the
witness stand Cooper, t leaning forward
on -the table at which' he was seated with
his head resting on" his hand, kept his
eyes, steadily fixed upon her.: His basilisk
gaze confused her and two or three times
she contf adicted f herself : in . cross-exam
ination, but put herself right again
Cooper kept' prompting his attorney to
ask her; questions. ¦!.'.>..,' ,' •
Miss r Schneider testified" in effect that
she always told the 'defendant she would
not marry him 1 without the consent of
her mother, and on 'February 22, the day
prior . to the receipt ; of ; the : forged . tele
gram, she returned to him a "dress" ring
he had given her, telling him that as her
mother objected to „" their marriage, she
could not marry him.- The following even
ing the telegram-came, purporting to be
signed, by her mother, advising her- to
marry the defendant,', and she did so af
ter his arrival by; the evening train. - .»
¦Her evidence was -corroborated 'by her
sister, Miss . Mamie. Schneider, and > J her
mother, Mrs. Marie ; Schneider. The 1 lat
ter testified : that she had. not sent the
telegram,, nor- had * she .' authorized ¦ any
one to send'it«for her. -.¦ : :i •¦ ... !
Captin Seymour proved ¦ the prior con'-'
viction against Cooper and Detective
Byram testified ' to , arresting him ; in , Og
den and having : a conversation . with : the
defendant, ; .in,. which' he -had -expressed
regret at not ; going north < instead of ? to
, Ogden. ¦':. This ( ended the ; case • for ; the
prosecution and the' defense ;will, proceed
¦this 'morning. -'Attorney .¦" Murphy said fie
would put. the. defendant; on., the stand. ¦ •-
Judge Cook Allows Coop
er's -Victim to
/''¦.'¦'[ Testify. .
MISS SCHNEIDER
ON THE STAND
To increase interest In San. Francisco, a
series of, rallies has been arranged at
which prominent . religious leaders < and
public officials .will speak. There will be
four of these meetings in all. . The - firs*
one will be held in the Trinity," Presbyte
rian Church next Monday night, and th<>
others at some time and place net yet se-
Local interest is also awakening to the
full importance of the event and through
out the State • the people are preparing
to visit San Francisco during the
vention. Much assistance, financial and
otherwise, has been promised by different
California towns and nearly every county
has arranged. for its exhibit.-
The people, of Sacramento met last
week and discussed arrangements for a
reception to be tendered the visitors as
they pass through that' city. Mayor
Clark has promised to give his assistance
to make such an affair a , success. The
officials in charge . of the missionary ex
hibit at Mechanics' Pavilion announce
that one of their finest departments will
consist of a display of maps of all coun
tries," charts and religious mottoes. They
will also have an exhibition, of handsome
ly engraved shields, representing the
flags of all nations. . ' - ¦ - - . ¦ : -
The attendance from New York, Penn
sylvania. New Jersey, Ohio, New Eng
land, Illinois and the District of Colum
bia promises to be exceptionally large,
and several special trains have been en
gaged to carry the thousands of visitors
from these States to San Francisco. Asido
from the official excursions, the railroad
authorities in ' New York alone have se
cured passengers for four extra trains.
Cincinnati and Pittsburg will send espe
cially large delegations.
Dr. Beard reports that all is progress
ing In a satisfactory manner and that
the attendance- probably will be even
larger than has been anticipated. Hun
dreds of communications are being re
ceived dally from all over the United
States and Canada giving information of
delegations that are coming and request
ing accommodations.
Preparations for the Epworth League
Convention, which is now but little more
than a month distant, are being pushed
rapidly forward and no efforts will 'be
spared to make the great gathering a
credit to California and an event long to
be remembered by those who shall be for
tunate enough to attend.
Increased Enthusiasm in
Eastern States
Is Noted. ; .¦ v ¦¦¦
EPWORTH LEAGUE
PLANS MATURING
Wants to Again Be Sergeant.
Policeman James Kelly filed a petition
yesterday for a writ ©/ mandate to com
pel the Board of Police Commissioners to
reinstate him to the position of sergeant
of police. Kelly alleges that he was ap
pointed to the position of sergeant on Oc
tober I. 1889. and that on September i
tm. the Board of Police ComSioners
disrated him to the position of policeman
Boy Accused of Burglary.
Adolph Bruhns. a boy 15 years of age
was booked at the City Prison yesterday
by Detective Bailey on a charge of burg
lary. He Is accused of breaking into thp
residence of Clement Loveder. 5 Carm
street, and stealing a gold watch.
TWO OF THE OFFICERS OF THE TRAIN DISPATCHERS' ASSOCIA
TION OF AMERICA, WHICH WILL CONVENE IN ANNUAL- SESSION
AT RED MEN'S HALL TO-DAY.' ' \ . , • * '
. Him, Notwithstanding Chinese
' Minister's Objections.
The Chinese reform leader and -adherent
of Emperor Kwang Hsu appeared before
United States Customs Collector Stratton
yesterday to show cause .why , he should
be permitted to land on his section 6 cer
tificate as a traveler,. notwithstanding the
objections of Wu Ting Fang, the Chinese
Minister at Washington, and Ho Yow, the
Chinese Consul General at this port.
Su Shih Chin impressed the Collector as
a gentleman and a scholar arid not • be
longing to the classes excluded by law.
His section 6 'certificate, setting forth
that he came to the United States as a
traveler, bore his photograph and was
filled out In due form.
After examining Su Shih Chin and his
papers the Collector expressed the opin
ion'that he had a legal right to land.
This conclusion was : announced by tele-'
graph to the Secretary of the Treasury,
and an answer is expected to-day.- .
The Chinese who were landed with Su
sympathize with the reform" movement,
but no request has been made by Minister
Wu that they be arrested and held for
deportation. It is reported among the
Chinese here that a reward of $50,000 has
been offered by the Chinese Government
for the head of Su.. .;,
Collector Stratton Is Disposed to Land
SU SHIH. CHIN HAS .
A GOOD CERTIFICATE
The final battle between the children of
the late James G. Fair and the trustees
under his will was commenced yesterday.
A petition was filed yesterday by Charles
Lb Fair. Theresa A. Oelrichs and Virginia
Vanderbilt for the distribution to them
of the personal property belonging to de
cedent's estate.
The personal property set forth In the
petition which the trustees still claim by
virtue of the trust provisions of decedent's
will includes the stocks and bonds of the
estate, the Lick House furnishings, the
office furniture .it 230 Montgomery street
books, pictures and jewelry. The petition
has been pet for hearing before Judge
Troutt on Thursday morning. The prop
erty involved is valued at about $5,000 000
The petitioners are represented bv Lloyd
& Wood. Bishop & Wheeler, Wilson &
« J ' s , on - Kni&ht & Heggerty. James H.
Hilda and the old firm of Garber, Boalt &
Bishoj).
FAIR CHILDREN SUE FOR
THE PERSONAL PROPERTY
Ask Judge Troutt to Distribute to
Them Securities in Hands of
Trustees.
Judge Seawell banded down a decision
yesterday, removing all copyists in those
offices declared in the recent decision of
the Supreme Court to be "county offices"
from the jurisdiction of the Civil Service
Commission. Through this decision,
which was reached on demurrer in the
action instituted by W. H. Garnett, a
copyist in the Recorder's office, to com
pel Treasurer Brooks to pay his demand
upon the treasury for services rendered,
the Civil Service Commission loses the
right of appointment to positions num
bering about 100. In his decision Judge
Seawell says:
This is an application for a writ of mandate
to compel the defendant to pay the amount
of plaintiff's demand for sen-ices rendered by
him as copyist in the office of the Recorder.
The demand has been allowed by the Auditor,
and the only objection raised to its payment
is that plaintiff was not legally appointed.
Plaintiff was appointed such copyist with
out being examined by the Civil Service Com
mission as to his eligibility. The question,
therefore, to be determined Is whether the
provisions of article XIII of the charter, in
reference to civil service, apply to the appoint
ment of copyists In .the Recorder's office.
The case of Crawley against Freud is. In my
opinion, decisive of that question. It has been
held that the Recorder is a county officer and
that it was not competent for the charter to
provide for the qualifications of either the
Recorder or his deputies.
It is also urged that if plaintiff's appoint
ment-was made under the laws of the State,
as distinguished from the provisions of the
charter, his demand was improperly audited
and should not be raid because It does not
refer to any law authorizing the same, but to
certain provisions of the charter. By the-
State law in force when the charter took
effect the compensation of copyists in the' Re
corder's office was 12 cents per folio. The
rate fixed by the charter is only 8 cents per
folio In the act of 1861 the persons who per
form the duties of copyists are denominated
deputy clerks. I think that the word "depu
ties," as used in section SM of article XI of
the constitution should be liberally construed
so as to include all the subordinates of a
county officer: and such seems to have been
the view of the Supreme Court in sustaining
the injunction prohibiting the commissioners
from holding examinations for employes of the
Recorder.
Thus construed, it was competent for thi
charter under the rule of Crowley against
Freud to provide for the appointment and
compensation of copyists in the Recorder's
office, but not for their qualifications. The
demurrer will therefore be overruled and a
writ of peremptory mandate issued as prayed
Civil Service Commis
sion Loses Another
Action.
COPYISTS LABOR
FOR THE COUNTY
ciation.
The officers of the "Widows' and Or
phans* Aid Association of the Police De
partment have decided to give a week's
entertainment soon in one of the thea
ters for the benefit of the association. A
similar entertainment was given about
four years ago in the California Theater
and it proved a great success.
There was a meeting yesterday after
noon in Captain Wittman's office, when
the entertainment committee was formed,
consisting of Captain Wittman, chairman;
Charles M. Janes, secretary; Sergeant
John T. Fitzbenry, treasurer; Sergeants
Donovan and Conboy. Lieutenant Ander
son, and Policemen Fraher, Rainsbury.
Lake and R. F. Graham. A sub-commit
tee was appointed, consisting of Lieuten
ant Anderson, Sergeant Conboy and Po
liceman Rainsbury. to consult the man
agers of th<? different theaters and report
io a meeting at the call of the chairman.
ows' and Orphans' Aid Asso-
POLIQE PREPARING FOR
A WEEK'S EMTERTAINMETTT
It Will Be for the Benefit of the Wid-
: A meeting of Republicans waa held last
evening at- 40 New Montgomery street, at
which Chairman . Irving of the Central
Republican Association, otherwise known
as the Grand Hotel movement, presided.
One representative was present for each
Assembly, district. The subject of con
tinuing the movement was discussed and
the decision was affirmative. ' It was voted
to hold another meeting next Friday
evening, to be attended by those 'who were
present last evening, each to bring in the
names of two others to make up. an ex
ecutive committee of three from each dis
trict It was also voted to have an ad
visory committee of five from each dis
trict. ¦ ¦¦¦:¦-'¦¦¦ :
Central Republicans.
Citizens should keep in mind that the
battle for good government must be
fought at the primary election. So far
as registration is concerned, there is not
much time to lose. Every voter who has
changed -his place of residence since the
general election in November last should
register anew. All citizens who were reg
istered as voters last November and who
have not since changed their respective
places of residence will be entitled to vote
at the primary election. In the line of
awakening Interest . in registration .. the
Republican Primary .League will render
efficient service. A new system of reach
ing neglectful and indifferent citizens will
be tested. Members of the league are fully
aware of the fact that Republican success
in November next will depend upon the
character of the party convention chosen
in . August. Hence special effort will be
put forward by the league to induce all
the friends of good government In the
party to interest themselves in the pri
mary election. .....'
Battle for Good government.
All intelligent citizens know, that one of
the committees contending for the right
to be recognized as- the governing body
of the Republican party in this city is
composed of men wno were appointed to
register the will of bosses." Another com
mittee claiming the same right has been
demoralized by general incompetency of
leadership. Associations in the interest
of several aspirants for ofiice are taking
shape under : the mantle of reform. | Re
publicans having no axes to grind, no fac
tions to uphold and no personal aspira
tions to advance fancied that some
.method should be devised to give the
workmgmen, .merchants and taxpayers
generally an opportunity to put forward
Kepublican delegate tickets to be voted
for at the primary election on August 12.
The Republican Primary League was
therefore created to give the. citizens a
chance to wrest control of the party from
the bosses and # create a Republican mu
nicipal convention that will be free to
nominate representative men to fill the
offices of the city government.
The primary election law insures a fair
count of the votes cast for delegates to
the nominating convention, but something
more is reaulred to insure a. convention
composed of representative citizens. Goo<l
men to serve as delegates must be placed
on the district tickets. In every district
the Republican Primary League of San
Francisco will put forward a ticket, and
voters can judge by the character and
standing of the men proposed whether
the league is on the right course or not.
Delegates to the Conventions.
- As set forth in the articles of Incorpora
tion, the league is formed "to foster and
maintain the political principles of the
Republican party, to arouse and maintain
the interest of all electors in the mainte
nance and enforcement of the . primary
election law and of all laws relating to
elections." As long as the league ad
heres to this purpose it will deserve the
respect and support of Republican voters.
In upholding the organization the Repub
lican taxpayers should take an active
part..
The announcement of the- league's for
mation is received with general ; favor.
Assurance j that the - promoters - of the
league 'are not candidates for office and
have no candidates in sight, or in the
background to recommend to the conven
tion of the party is received with special
gratification. The prompt establishment
of central headquarters signifies that the
league means active work , throughout
the campaign. **'
Spacious - permanent headquarters for
the Republican Primary League has
been established in the Baldwin Annex.
Five rooms on the Ellis-street -side of the
building have been appropriately furnish
ed. The main entrance to the headquar
ters is on Market street. The rooms re
served for the use of the. league will be
opened this afternoon and ' kept open
hereafter from 9 a, m. until 11 p. m. daily.
Prompt Action Taken by
Republican Primary
League.
HEADQUARTERS
FOR CAMPAIGN
It is not known at present in what man
ner the new owners of the Blythe block
will improve the property, but In real es
tate' circles statements are freely made
that the present unsightly shanties that
cover the property will shortly be torn
down to make way for handsome build
ings. '
In the purchase of the Blythe block the
purchasers come Into possession of 54,345
square feet of land, with a Market street
frontage of 271:S% feet. The Baldwin
Hotel site has an area of 34,127 feet.
The present rentals from the Blythe
property are stated to be $140,000 per an
num. That portion of the Blythe block
sold last year to the Mutual Savings
Bank for $290,000 has a frontage of 53 feet
on Market street and 74 feet on Geary
street.
The' lncorporators, who are also the di
rectors, of the new corporation held ,a
meeting yesterday and organized by elect-
Ing I. W. Hellman, president; J. Henry
Meyer, vice president; L W. Hellman Jr.,
secretary, and the Nevada National Bank
treasurer. The capital stock so far sub
scribed for is divided among the directors
as follows: I. W. Hellman, 47 shares; I,
W. Hellman Jr., 42 shares; J. Henry
Meyer, S5 shares; Henry F. Allen, Louis
Sloss. John C. Coleman, C. de Guigne and
Thomas Magee, each 23 shares, and A.
Haas. 11 shares. The articles of incorpo
ration have been filed at the City Hall.
While they do not set forth the purpose
of the incorporation In specific terms the
stockholders agree that the combination
¦was formed to acquire the Blythe prop
erty. The directors are nearly all largely
connected with the banking interests of
the city.
The capital stock is divided into 20,000
shares at $100 a share, and the amount
subscribed is $25,000.
L -y?. Hellman, president Nevada Na
tional Bank: Thomas Magee, director San
Francisco Savings Union; Christian de
Guigne, Parrott- estate: L W. Hellman
Jr., J. Henry Meyer and John C. Cole
man of Ant. Borel & Co.; Henry F. Al
ien. A. Haas and Louis Sloss.
It developed yesterday that the pur
chasers of the Blythe block are all local
men and that no outside capital is inter
ested in the deal. The capitalists who
have purchased the famous Market-street
property have Incorporated under the
name of the Bankers' Investment Com
pany, with a capital stock of $2,000,000.
The articles of Incorporation were filed
late on Saturday afternoon, . the incor
porators being as follows:
New Owners of the Property
Form Bankers' Invest
ment Company.
Blythe Block Purchased
by San Francisco
Business Men.
OUTSIDE CAPITAL
NOT INTERESTED
I was taught in the Episcopal church that the
soul had no infinite Immortality, and ¦ that
church denied many things. Including the" res
urrection. Are you surprised that I became a
Catholic? I am not here to teach you theology.
I found that if I wanted a church I must have
the Catholic church. I speak in no unfriendly
or "critical manner of the - Kplscopal ¦ church.
They are my old friends in - that church and
they are dear to me. i ' . •
When I was a boy I once went to an Epis
copal church. My mother told me that the
Kplscopal church was next door to the Church
of Rome. I am not here ,to quarrel with a
church that is pouring men and ; women into
the Catholic church. I say. thank God for the
Episcopal church that led me from the feet of
Theodore Parker and his lnfldel crew and land,
ed me In the Catholic church at .the feet of
God. ¦ ¦• .- ' ¦-,-•¦¦
I saw much to applaud and much to condemn
in that city. One day I was Informed that ar
rangements ' had been made to Introduce -me to
the Pope. I told . my Protestant friends and
they eald I was insane. I told them that it
was the greatest honor of my life to meet the
Pope of Rome. I was charmed • with the
grandeur of Pius the Ninth. He was - like a
simple priest from his mountain I home, j who
had stepped down there to the Vatican. Ha
was simple- in his manners and put us all at
ease.. He blessed us and that blessing has
clung to me ever since. I venerate the memory
of that sweet, holy man. •- - . .. • \
I went abroad to St. Michael's Mount and
saw the fervor, of the many pilgrims. I heard
a voice saying to me. "Some day you may be
a Catholic." I traveled along the road. I
reached the Eternal City of Rome. * ;
Reaches the Eternal City.
Rumors were spread as to the character of
the nucs and a big .mob gathered and. de
clared • that ithe convent was a menace to so
ciety and the state. .. "It must be destroyed,"
waa the cry of that mob. My aunt was one of
the nuns. The mob came, the torch ¦ was ap
plied and the convent was destroyed. The nuns
took refuge with the Sisters of Charity. \ This
is how the Protestants treated ' the' Catholic
church in my town. My sister once took me
to see my aunt. There in the home'of the Sis
ters ! of , Charity I remember standing in the
hallway and hearing a sweet convent belK- It
was unlike anything- 1 have ever heard since
in life. It sounded like a bell, of heaven. .- 1
thought" I saw an angel at the head of the
stairs. It glided down the stairs and came to
me. I was enfolded in that angel's arms. It
was my aunt — a nun, a consecrated -nun. She
pressed me to my heart and I have never been
out of. her arms since. . ;
¦Why am I a Catholic? It Is a long story and
the evening is far jj too short to give you all
my reasons for such a step. I remember when
I was four years old an Ursuline convent stood
on a hill In the city in which I lived. It was
a delight to linger there on the hill and see
the. g lory of the surroundings. There the nuna
planted their -home and taught.' ¦¦ —
The Journey, from Canterbury to 'Rome Is a
peculiar one. More . than 600 clergymen of the
English church, have taken that journey, and
with such men as Manning, Newman. "Wilber
force zn England and Bronson. Hecker and
Ives In this country, they are all marching from
Canterbury to Rome— coming into the Catholic
church. I I am not here to teach you anything
about the Catholic church.'- I am old-fash
ioned, In my ideas and believe that the truth3
of the church were delivered by saints, and
any one who comes to you with new doctrines
gives you what Is false.
A Peculiar Journey.
-I urn deeply grateful for the cordial reception
tendered • me in . this city. Before I proceed
with my lecture I desire to correct an 1 error
published in the papers yesterday.- I was
quoted *as "condemning the system of public
school:]. It would be a grave mistake on my
part to do any such thing:. I am an old pub-
He school - boy of Boston, and I am proud of
the privileges conferred on me by the public
schools of that city. . - ; - :
- My subject to-night will be "From Canter
bury to Rome, or How I Came to Be a Catho
lic." Artemus Ward once delivered a lecture
In London • entitled "The Panorama," and
when he finished a man in the audience ob
jected for the reason that he had seen "no
pictures. The glorious series . of pictures on
the Journey from Canterbury to Rome are no
grander than the sublime scenery you have
here in California. . Like Ward's lecture, you
will not see my pictures, but only hear the
speaker. . ."¦'... .'..•„.
.Dr. '.. Benjamin F. . de Costa, who for
many years was a minister of the Episco
pal church; but who recently joined the
church of Rome, .. delivered an -address
last : evening at Metropolitan Temple, en
titled "From Canterbury to Rome; or,
How I Came to Be a Catholic."
The .lecture was: under :the auspices of
the -Catholic Truth Society, and Frank
Kiei-ce, its vice president, acted as chair
man. The audience was a large one, and
among those on the platform were Rev.
Fathers O'Ryan, M. Smith, H. C. Wyman,
McGough, McMahon, Gannon and i Mac
kinnon. '¦• : . •. •;. . •..•• .
A short concert preceded the lecture of
Dr. de Costa, who said in part: •,
Metropolitan Hall Crowded
, by an Interested V
Audience.
Dr. B. P. De Costa De
livers First of Series
i of Lectures.
GIVES REASONS
FOR CONVERSION
THE SAN FBANCISCO 1 C&Uti, TU±u»JJA3lT, el TJHTE£ 11; l»vx;
TRAIN DISPATCHERS ARRIVE HERE
TO HOLD THEIR ANNUAL CONVENTION
They Will Remain 1 in Session Several Days in This City; and
Be Entertained by Local Railroad Men, Leaving for
the East After a Flying Pleasure Trip to Santa Gruz
ABOUT one hundred delegates to
the fourteenth annual convention
of the Train Dispatchers' Asso
ciation arrived in this city on a
• special . train yesterday and are
staying at the Occidental. After they
had rested from their journey they- were
taken In hand t-y their local brethren and
spent the rest of the day sightseeing. :
This morning the convention will open
In Red Men's Hall, 320 Post street, where
the delegates . will be formally welcomed
to the city by Mayor Phelan. The real
business of the convention will then be
transacted.
Train dispatchers hold possibly the
most responsible positions in the railroad
world. In their hands the lives of the
passengers rest. They receive their in
structions from the division superintend
ents, and after- these orders have been
received the train dispatcher is responsi
ble. He is the man behind the gun, and
should he make a mistake a train wreck
and perhaps a big loss of life might re
sult.
¦ It Is on account of their heavy respon
sibilities and the different rules used by
each railroad that this convention is held
by the train dispatchers. They hope by
meeting together and discussing proposed
changes to Increase the efficiency of their
work and the general dispatching system.
An extensive programme of entertain
ment has be<jn arranged for the week.
Train, rules committee— H. A. Daley, J. W.
James, E. M. Woodruff, J. M. Chiles and B.
B. Baujhmann.
12
THE PROBLEM. ;>
l-^^OROTHY in the nursery can calculate the
' ifePSf price of 'Ivory Soap per cake, but it- would
J^gJl take a mathematical genius to calculate its
™sr I true value. For he must take account of
time, labor, and materials. He must deduct from the
apparent cost the saving in the longer life of the. cake,;
in the longer life of the washed fabricrin the labor
required, in the time r consumed, in the strength ex-
pended, in the results obtained. When all is finished,
Ivory is the cheapest soap in the world. It floats* jj
ADVERTISEMENTS.
World Famous Marian! Tonic
Has a remarkable effect in .strengthen-
ing the voice and maintaining its tone.
It is largely employed by clergymen,
lawyers, teachers, singers and actors.
AH Druggists. Refuse Substitutes.
pUMfTEBStCO.
Specialists. Dis-
ease and "Weakness
of men. Estab-
lished ISO. Consul!
tation and privata
book free, at offlco
or by mall. - Cures
guaranteed. 731
Market > street (ele-
vator . entrance).
San Francisco.
DR.MCNULTY.
O^HIS WfcLL-KXOWN AND RKLrABLE OLD
.1 -Specialist cure* Blood Poison, Oor.orrhCBa.Gleet.
..r^JG** spml " a l Weakness. Impotence and their
allied Disorders. Book on Diseases of Me.i, fre£
9to3daily :6:30to3.30eV B s. Sundays. 10 to 12. ConauN
tatlonireeandsacredJy confidential. Call oradditw
:P. ROSGOE MeXCLTY, 1I.D.
S«JJKearny »t.. San trancisco, Cs*-
AD V EB-TISEUTENTS. j
CANDY CATHARTIC . ««
Genuine stonpid CC C Never sold lnbuCt
Beware of the dealer who tries to sell
something "just as good.
CurrftiOHT no* »y th« moctm* oukls co. Cincinnati ¦ \.
Most convenient trunk
in the world to take on a
. ! trip. Has all the essential
qualities of a dresser, and
is made very compact and
strong.
• 132 Ellis Si, San Francisco.
"VANVROOM" I
DEMTAL' PARLORS, It
1001 MARKET, Cor. 6th. I
I for Little Folks' shoes that are so B
I exactly adapted to the shap? of the I
I foot that not a single toe is cramped, §j
la that perfect liberty of movement is §
I made easy and pleasant, that at no I
g point is the action of the foot re- 1
i sisted and the leather weakened or I
1 6^/fML kind of footwear - an d I
I T 0pjf^\ you will find it among 1
I W^ ' f) lhe Ort hopedic Shaped I
mfj'Lrj Shoes for children at 1