PRICE FIVE' CENTS.
SAN FRANCISCO, FRIDAY,
APRIL 19, > 1901.
VOLUME LXXXIX-NO. 14O.
Prince Styles Count von Bulow the Most Capable
German Diplomatist, but Demands That He Fol
low Up Present Policy With Agricultural Tariff
HERBERT BISMARCK CRITICIZES -
THE EMPEROR'S ZIGZAG COURSE
AND PRAISES THE CHANCELLOR
Now that The palace is entirely destroyed
It may have a bearlnsr on the return of
the imperial family. While there' is no
longer the objection that the palace is oc
cupied by' the foreien commander yet a
pation of the imperial palace was a mov
ing cause for the rejection of all over
tures for the return of the imperial family
to Peking. From the Chinese standpoint
it was impossible to even consider the
return of the imperial family as long as
the commander-In-chlef cf the allied
forces was in actual occupation of the
Empress 1 palace.
The suspicion of incendiarism is j not
borne out. It is believed the . fire orig
inated in the pantry near Von Waldersee's
kitchen.
BERLIN/ April 18.— The body/of Gen
eral Schwartzkopp, if. was announced
this evening in a dispatch j from* Peking,
has been found. The body of his dog was
first found, and It is supposed the general
re-entered the palace, to rescue his dog.
LOSES LIFE TO SAVE DOG.
besides those of Waldersee and his staff;
were gutted. • , . .
Revival of Military Activity Causes Considerable Apprehension Among Mem
bers of the Diplomatic Corps—Li Hung Chang Instructs the General Com
manding Chinese Troops to Avoid If Possible a Clash With the Allies
FRENCH AND GERMAN TROOPS LEAVE PEKING
FOR THE PURPOSE OF TAKING POSSESSION OF
THE PASSES LEADING INTO SHANSI PROVINCE
SON/ OF THE IRON CHANCEL
LOR, WHO CRITICIZES EM
PEROR WILLIAM. .
VIEWOP.ftlE ENTRANCE OF THE EMPRESS DOWAGER'S PALACE
. AT PEKING, WHICH WAS BURNED WEDNESDAY. SCHWARTZ
KOPP PERISHED IN THE FLAMES. ¦ ;
Somalis Severely Punished.
/
MOMBASA, East Coast of Africa, April
IS.—The British expedition against tha
Ogaden Somalis has reached the far end
of Towata Island. Its advance was con
tinuously opposed, but the Somalis were
everywhere defeated, their villages burned
and their crops destroyed.
LOOMIS, April IS.— Mrs. Taylor, widow
of the late E. F. Taylor," who was United
States land agent at Sacramento, was
knocked down and . seriously . injured last
evening by a horse at her farm, a few
miles from Loomis. The woman was milk
ing a cow, when a horse, frightened by a
dog, ; ran against her. . Mrs." Taylor was
trampled. under, the horse's hoofs, one of
her ; wrists was fractured and her body
was seriously, bruised.- It is feared that
she is injured internally.
• Trampled by a Horse.
The ' discovery was made by workmen
who were excavating for a building bein^
put up at Guadalajara by the Standard
Oil Company. L. Blumenthal, who owns
stores at El Paso and Guadalajara,
brought the news from there to-night and
vouched for the truth of the story in de
tail. Blumenthal states that the well
when discovered was p^ifectly dry and
very deep. After the yase3 had escaped
a man was sent down end the treasure
drawn out. Many sucn discoveries, but ia
smaller amounts, have been made in the
different States of Mexico since the evac
uation of the Spaniards, and the theory
advanced is that the Spaniards when they
were driven from . the City of Mexico
sought the smajler towns and buried their
treasures for safe keeping. Many never
returned to reclaim them and thev ars
now occasionally found. It Is stated in
several of 'Mexico's hiftorlcs that over
$5,000,000 worth of pur»» silver was taken
from churches and other public buildings
by the Spaniards when they left the capi
tal, "and much of it has never b»jen found.
EL PASO, Texas. April 18.— One of the
largest finds of treasure [ Ii^ Mexico was
made at Guadalajara vesterday when a
crew of workmen unearthed $12,000 in olrt
Spanish coins and sliver bullion weighing
out over $100,000. The coin wa3 dated 1S03
and was found with the sHver bullion
slz. the bottom of an eld well, which had
been covered up and "forsrotten. '
Special Dispatch. y> The Call.
Guadalajara, Mexico, the Scene of
the Discovery of Spanish Treas
ure Worth More Than
$10O,0CO.
VAST WEALTH FOUND
AT BOTTOM OF WELL
Concerning Colonel Woodruffs dispatch
in connection with that sent by General
MacArthur it is apparent that the com
missary department proper has been re
lieved of all responsibility, for the frauds .
that have occurred. The j seriousness of
the frauds is apparent from the fact that
three officers and a number of enlisted
men are being tried by court-martial and
a number of civilians are undergoing trial
by a military commission. Basing his
opinion upon facts at hand, a high offi
cial of the War Department said to-day
that the frauds grew out of the sale of
rations by officers, men and civilians to
whom they had been issued to storekeep
ers in Manila, who could only Import sup
plies at a high cost. Army stores could
be . purchased from army men and civil
ians, who were allowed rations at about
the same price that they could be ob
tained at retail In Chicago. The men im
plicated in the frauds, according to this
official, probably fcund the business re
munerative, and It was. of cour3e. advan- '
tageous-to hotel and store keepers. Tho
aggregate amount of losses sustained by
the Government Is believed to be com
paratively small. At the same time Gen
eral MacArthur will take Immediate
measures for preventing any further ras
cality of the kind.
Will Check the Kascality.
Commissary General Weston received a
dispatch from Colonel Woodruff to this
effect: "Do not permit J scandalous re
ports to worry you. The affairs of the
subsistence department of the army are
administered honestly and satisfactorily
to officers and troops."
There Is no further disguise on the part
of the War Department of the fact that
fraud has been perpetrated at Manila In
connection with the disposition of Gov
ernment stores. That such practices have
been extensive is officially denied by Gen
eral MacArthur: that they are certainly
serious is shown by him in a dispatch
containing his denial- General MacAr
thur's statement was received this mom-
Ing and was in answer to an Instruction
sent by Secretary Root directing him to
report by cable "on the Associated Press
reports from Manila implicating certain,
subsistence officers of the army in fraud
ulent practices," arfd enjoining him to
take severe and drastic measures to pun
ish the guilty.
No Further Disguise of Fraud.
" When asked concerning the Identity of
the prisoner Secretary Root and other
officials of the department insist that ha
is Emillo Aguinaldo and no other. Some
of them refer to the conferences Aguinal
do has had with Filipinos known to be
friendly to the United States, and It ls
said that if there was any doubt as to the
identity of the prisoner. Secretary Root
would certainly have been definitely ap
prised of It before now.
There ls a curious report concerning the
prisoner in circulation in the War De
partment, which is only whispered by
responsible officers. It is that the insur
gent captured by General Funston is not
Emllio Agulnaldo, but a cousin of the in
sursrent chief.
If Aguinaldo refuses to aid this Gov
ernment in effecting a surrender of the
Filipinos in arms, the authorities say, he
can be tried for violation of the laws of
War" and severely punished. General Mac-
Arthur "has doubtless impressed upon
Agulnaldo the delicate position he occu
pies.
Aguinaldo Can* Be Tried.
permitted to communicate.
General JlacArthur* en Died Secretary
Root on March 29 that "m a result of
conferences now In progress it is probable
Agulnaldo will Issue an address" advis
ing acceptance of American supremacy.
Three weeks have passed and the address
has not yet appeared. There have been
frequent exchanges of messages between
Secretary Root and General MacArthur
relating to Aguinaldo'3 attitude, but these
are kept secret for reasons of state.
Enough was learned, however, 1 to show
that Agulnaldo is disinclined to comply
with General MacArthur's wishes, and
this change is ascribed to his former
counselors in Manila, with whom he was
"War Department officials, who were at
first Insistent In their belief that a proc
lamation from Agulnaldo would have an
excellent effect in ending the insurrection,
now profess to place little faith in the
results of such a document, and assert
that they care little whether Agulnaldo
sisms it or not.
CALL BUREAU, 1406 G STREET. N.
W.. WASHINGTON, April IS.— Agulnaldo
has reconsidered his promise to issue an
address to the Insurgents In arms advis
ing them to surrender and accept Ameri
can sovereignty. Additional pressure,
which will be applied by Major Geiieral
MacArthur, may have the effect of in
ducing him to return to his original pur
pose.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
If Captured Chief Remains
Stubborn He WilVBe
Punished.
War Department Is Also Worried
Over the Frauds in Govern
xnent Stores at
/ " Manila. ' •
Fails to Issue an Ad
dress Advising Insur
gents to Surrender.
ADDITIONAL
PRESSURE ON
AGUINALD0
committed suicide at the home of ¦ her
parents, eighteen '• miles_ west: of this "city."
yesterday by .taking; carbolic acid.; Her
name .was Hazel Beilby, . and the cause Is
said to have , been due to a severe repri
mand . she -received from her mother. " ¦ r :
Thirteen- Year : 01d Girl Commits Sui
i ' cide by Drinking Carbolic
- Acid* Near Ukiah.
UKIAH, April 18.— A" girl aged 13 years
CHILD. TAKES HER LITE
BECAUSE OF REPRIMAND
BOULDER. Colo., April 18.— Miss Cora
Bailey, a. pretty young sister of N. B.
Bailey, will appear to-morrow on the wit
ness stand to testify in behalf of the six
miners accused '"of the murder of her
brother. Miss Bailey has left her relatives
since coming to Boulder to attend the
trial, and is living" with Mr. and Mrs.
Martin Wolf. 'She has no sympathy with
her brother's treatment of his miners, she
says, and is angry, , too. it Is reported,
over the alleged relations which existed
between the murdered man and his house
keeper, Mrs. Crane. , :
November 18 last twenty-five men came
to the door of N. F. Bailey's house in
Eldorado during ;a family reunion, . at
which seventeen j t were present. In the
midst' of the dinner they called out Bailey
and demanded that he pay the wages due
them. Bailey tried to put them off, but
they insisted, and when he refused
warned everybody, to leave the house. All
but Bailey, three other men and Mrs.
Crane did • so.". The miners set' fire to the
house .and -began to shoot. Bailey, was
mortally wounded .while on the roof try
ing to put but the fire.
Student Actors in a Farce.
STANFORD UNI\ ERSITY,. April, 18.—
A clever cast of student actors ,wlll pre
sent a laughable farce, '.'Saved by a Knock-'
er." • In V the ¦ assembly - hall to-morrow
evening.'.The production Is the work of C.
M. Marrack '01,' and is thoroughly repre
sentative of college life. The scene Is laid
in Encina Hall, :the men's dormitory; and
every, act teems with grinds and Joshes on
prominent 'students, . as well | as : members
of the faculty. , r The ' entertainment : is to
be given; for . the benefit of the training
house fund. wiBiiBiir«rTyfniTir'n"T >
Cora Bailey, - Pretty Sister of Man
Killed by Miners, Will
Testify.-
WILL DEFEND" THE ACT .
OF HER BROTHER'S SLAYERS
Chile will be asked to explain her ac
tion, however, before the Chilean " Min
ister to Argentine arrives home.. The Ar
gentine Minister in Chile will be directed
to request an ' explanation.
Minister of Foreign Affairs Alcorta
conferred with the Chilean Minister here,
but as the latter was about to start for
Santiago, Chile, he decided not to sen-1
a written communication to that repub
lic " " . . ' -- ¦¦:¦,,-*
BUENOS AYRES. April 18.-The Ar
gentine Government is alarmed by the
announcement that Chile has opened a
pass through the Andes at every strate
gical, point leading into Argentine terri
tory.
ARGENTINE WILL DEMAND ~
EXPLANATION FROM CHILE
tionary engine manufacturing companies
In the United States are to be consolidat
ed into one gigantic concern, with a cap
ital of $25,000,000. Charles Allis and Will
iam Allis of this city will be president
and chairman of the board of directors
respectively. If the deal now pending is
consummated. The companies which are
expected to be included Into the new
corporation are: The E. P. Allis Com
pany of Milwaukee, the Pennsylvania
Iron Works Company of Philadelphia,
the Gates Iron Works^ Company of Chi
cago, the Fraser & Chalmers Company
of Chicago, and the Dixon Manufactur
ing Company of Scranton. Pa.
A dispatch from Peking says no hope re
mains that Major General Schwartzkopp,
the chief of staff of Field Marshal Count
von Waldersee, was saved. His body has
not been found and it is supposed to have
been completely consumed. So far as
known General Schwartzkopp was the
only victim; A number of documents
were saved. The Quarters of six officers.
BERLIN, April 18.— Field Marshal vo:i
Waldersee reports that part of the Winter
palace at Peking was destroyed by fire
last night. General Schwartzkopp met his
death In the fire, the cause of which is not
explained. He adds -.hat the French and
Japanese troops gave the most prompt as
sistance. The field marsra.1 and the other
officers lost nearly everything.
new objection ls created In the removal
of the palace itself, for. under Chinese
usage, the imperial family must occupy
those exclusive quarters reserved for them
within the prohibited orecincts.
. RATHDRUM/ Idaho, April IS.— Post
Falls isVrougnt'.up to a high pitch over
the wrecking of a saloon there last night
and threats that ¦ unless ' the Jolntkeeper,
Charles Rover, leaves town to-night his
building will be fired. A large force of
armed men ls patrolling the 'streets to
night. , . : '« %,
War Over Saloon Wrecking.
ROME. April 18.-At the public consis
tory to-daythe ceremony of Imposing the'
red hats on the new Cardinals occurred in
the Sala delle Benedlzloni in the presence
of all the, Cardinals. Bishops. . prelates,
diplomats, functionaries of the Vatican.
Roman nobility and numerous Invited
guests. The Pope, wh^ was In excellent
health, was warmly cheered. The PonttfT,
seated on the throne- and surrounded by
his court, performed the ceremony of Im
posing the hats and pronounced the ponti
fical benediction: Thero was no allocu
tion. Subsequently tho Pope received tha
new cardinals in. his private apartments.
No appointment was n-.ade to-day in , the
case of th'o vacant bishopric of Port
land," Me.
Cheered.
Health and Is Warmly
The Pontiff Seems in Excellent
KEW; CARDINALS GET RED
. HATS FROM POPE'S HANDS
1 General von Lessel. who was to have
taken charge of the Poatlngfu expedi
tion, lost all of his clothing and will be
detained here until Saturday.
Before the fire was discovered it had
ft"«^o* Un^?K trollabIe dimensions, and
it spread with great rapidity over the
scfore of buildings containing unique art
treasures. Valuable presents destined for
Emperor William were destroyed -
The appliances for fighting flro were
inadequate and the flames were not ex
MdYha^clerman
£S» SS^SSST ls -^ng^n-^
; Colonel Marchand, the
French officer who came into promi
nence at the Fashoda incident, distin
guished himself in the work of rescue
The Germans are greatly grieved over
the -loss of -General Schwartzkopp
Count von Waldersee and most of his
staff escaped in their night clothing, the
fire having broken out about midnight.
Many valuable treasures were - lost and
also the German records of the allied
forces.
BOULDER, Colo., April 18.— A terrible
accident occurred on the Colorado and
Northwestern road near this city. Two
big engines attached to a passenger train
coming from Ward to Boulder and due
here at 4:10 this afternoon were struck
by a huge - snowsllde and hurled into the
chasm below. ' Four trainmen were killed.
They, are: \ .;,:'. ¦ . . •
ENGINEER HANNON.
ENGINEER FITZGERALD.
FIREMAN : MILLER."
CONDUCTOR BLAIR..
I The second fireman has not yet been ac
counted for. and Jt is believed he, too. Is
burled under his engine, dead. ¦ None of
the bodies have been recovered. , ,\
Few details of the accident are obtain
able. The passenger train left Ward for
Boulder drawn by two engines.
When the train reached Boomervllle ths
engines /were uncoupled and started up
the hill to buck ' the 3now, which was deep
upon " the tracks. /A sharp : curve occurs*
near the apex of the mountain and just
as the engines started to plow through
a huge snowdrift a. vast avalanche of
snow. and earth was loosened from above.
It came down with . a ; terrific force and
gained momentum eery second.
It Is said that \thc tram,* which was
quite heavily, loaded with passengers, was
not touched -by the slide. ¦
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Two Big : Engines Drawing Train
Are Carried With . Their' .
Occupants Into Deep
Chasm.
TRAINMEN PERISH
IN GREAT SNOWSLIDE
B- ERLJN,\ April 18.— Prince. Herbert
j Bismarck, V In' a speech at Burg,
criticized iEmperor William's zig-
zag course,' quoting j Bismarck's
' . words: "The way of destruction
for the Government is to do first this and
then : that, and promise to-day what it
does not do^to-morrow." '
Prince Herbert praised Count von Bu
low as the most capable German diplo
matist, and recognlzedVon Bulow's inter
est in agriculture, but demanded that 'he
follow this up with the' assistance needed,
which was an agricultural tariff.
ous : religious riots have- occurred at
Nictheroy as the result of an evangelical
campaign' against the Catholics and of the
. recent' 'antKCathollc demonstrations con
sequent upon the presentation of the
Spanish drama ; "Electra."
- Feeling .between the religious elements
has" been particularly bitter in Nictheroy.
.While a; clergyman was preaching in the
Evangelical Temple yesterday some Cath
olics made' an attack upon the edifice, in
tending to stop the services. Serious fight
ing followed, and many of those engaged
were 'wounded. \' r ¦¦ ¦'
Religious Disturbances in Brazil Fol
low Upon the Presentation
. V of Play.
¦ RIO JANEIRO, Brazil, April 18.— Seri-
DRAMA "ELECTBA" CAUSES • ,
;.M0RE DISASTROUS RIOTS
.."Prince Herbert has no right to find
fault with the present legime," says the
Vossische Zeitung, "or to talk of zigzag
'courses, inasmuch as his father, through
out his- whqle. career, avowedly .made poli
tics "" a 'zigzag science." ' .'.; ". ..'.•¦
Considerable comment is attracted to
Prince Bismarck's criticism of the Empe
rot. which is referred to as'"showine a
wide breach between the. Prince- on the
one hand and the Kaiser and the Chancel
lor on the other."
MILWAUKEE. April 17.— The Sentinel
>-raorrow will say: The five largest sta-
With $25,000,000 Capi
talization.
Five Companies Will Form Concern
HAKEBS OF STATIONARY
ENGINES PLANNING COMBINE
Western Kentucky. The first point to
which their attention will be directed is
Eebree, which is about two miles from the
point of landing. About ten days ago the
Cr.lted Mine Workers of America In Ken
tucky adopted a new scale of wages,
which is about S3 per cent below the In
diana scale adopted at Terre Haute some
three weeks ago. This difference in
wages has caused a complete paralysis
of the mines in Southern Indiana. The
object of the Indiana miners Is to set the
co-operation of the Kentucky miners In
an adjustment of the differences, both be
lnjr competitors in the same field of dis
tribution.
Eastwood Landing, Ky., to-night to.en
deavor to close down the union mines In
600 coal miners gathered from Southern
Indiana points left here by steamboat for
Striking Coal Miners of Southern
Indiana to Extend the
Trouble.
EVAJCSVILLE, Ind., April 18.— About
MAY CLOSE THE MINES
JN WESTERN" KENTUCKY
Patal Incident That Complicates the
Chinese Situation.
WASHINGTON, April 18.— The Secre
tary of State received a cablegram this
morning from Mr. Scu'ers, United States
Charge at Peking, dated ac Peking, April
IS, saying: "Winter piiace occupied by
Von Waldersee accidentally destroyed by
fire. General Schwartzkopp, chief of staff,
fatally bilrned."
This incident may prove more seriou3
than appears on the surface. It Is known
from diplomatic communications receive-!
In Washington that intense feelinc ha-j
been aroused among the»Chinese over the
occupation of the Empress Dowager's
palace by Count von Waldersee and his
military staff. This was graphically set
forth In a letter recertlv received here
from one of the. foremost officials at Pe
king. He described In detail the manner
Jn which the palace had been turned over
to military uses and- commented upon the
indignity which it involved to the Chinese
people and to the imperial family. More
over, it is known that this military occu-
BXTRNTNG OF -THE PALACE.
Viceroy Li Hung Chang- told me he had
cent a courier to General L>u. commanding
the troops in the Shansi passes, and call
ing upon him to avoid a r-eetlng. if neces
6ary, by retiring ;from his position, which
Is Incontesta-bly Chinese. But the Viceroy
Is not confident that the general will ob?y
orders unless sanction comes from Sian
fu, which he is endeavoring to secure.
There Is apparently no military or po
litical reason for this advance. -
activity.
PEKING. April 18.— General Loes
sel, commaudinjr the . German
troops in China, started this
morning for Paotingfu with 1000
additional men. He was accom
panied by the French commander. General
Ba.llla.ud. The Franco-German -forces
available for the exoedition number 8000
men.
The greatest secrecy is maintained as to
the object of these military preparations,
but I am confirmed in the belief that 'it
Is proposed to take possession of another
of the Ansoling passes into Shansi, where
the Chinese troops are reported. Members
of the diplomatic corps without exception
are mystified and manifest considerable
apprehension at this revival of military
BY STEPHEN BONSAL.
Special Cable to The Call and Xew York Her
ald. Copyright. 1S01, by the Herald " Pub
lishing Company. • -
SIgnor .Esteve expressed .the opinion
that if there were any substantial foun
dation for the Buenos Ayres dispatch the
whole affair must' be a. conspiracy con
cocted^ by ¦ Government spies for. the
double purpose of casting discredit x upon
Paterson anarchists and of demonstrating
to their home Government that they are*
doing something in return for their sala
ries and their large expense accounts.
"We do not draw^lots to determine who
shall kill kings or emperors nowadays,"
said he, "though that kind of thing may
have been done thirty or forty years ago."
NEW YORK, April 18.— In the Inner
most circles of anarchy In Paterson and
West Hoboken to-night the news con
tained in the dispatch from Buenos Ayres
was read with deep Interest. Pedro
Esteve, editor.. of La Questione Soclale,
the organ of the v socialistic anarchist
group of Paterson ' and recognized leader
in its councils, was inclined to ridicule the
entire matter and averred that If any such
plot .had: been. hatched in Paterson or its
vicinity he could hardly fail ,to have
heard of It. ' . ¦ > • • • .
Whether any specific action has been
taken to carry out the resolution j of the
Patorson society for. the. assassination of
the Czar of Russia and the Italian ruler
the police. will not say. The German,
Italian and Russian legations, however,
have been placed in possession of the
facts. '.. ... V
, Discredited by Esteve.
Important papers bearing upon the or
ganization of the' society were seized.
These showed that Romagnoli acted upon
direct ord'ers from Paterson.' A letter was
sent to him telling;him that he had been
chosen by lot to r kill the German Em
peror, and instructing him to 1 go immedi
ately to Berlin. He left Rosario soon aft
erward and sailed from this port. He did
not go directly, to Germany, but -to Rome,
where it Is supposed he communicated
with, the Italian anarchists. He then went
,toNew- York, . evidently '. to receive final,
instructions"^ rorn -lea refers 'in Paterson.' . He
came \ to Argentina.-; again; and t held 'com
munication* with ¦ his friends, • and then
sailed for. Germany, where he was ar
rested before he could execute his orders.
Shown by Seized Papers.
The movements of Romagnoli, who re
cently left this country, were traced by
Government agents. It was found that he
came from Rosarlo, where an anarchist
society has long been in existence. The
police of that town immediately began an
investigation, and finally . made a raid
upon the o.uarters of some of the most
prominent anarchists. \ ;
: An investigation was begun here on re
ceipt of the dispatches from Berlin an
nouncing that the police of that city had
discovered a plot against the life of Em
peror William. These* dispatches stated
that anarchists from Argentina were the
moving spirits in the plan, and that one
named Romagnoli had been arrested.
BUENOS AYRES, April 18.— The police
of the town o£ Rosarlo, in the province
of Santa Fe, have seized papers which
prove that the plot against the lives of
the Emperor of Germany, the Czar of
Russia, the King and Queen of Italy and
Count Turin was recently, laid In Pater
son, N. J.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Interesting: developments Follow
Schemes Reported to Be
Hatched at Paterson,
New Jersey. .
Rulers of Germany, 'Russia
and Italy, Doomed by
the Anarchists.
Seized Papers Show-That
Royal Heads Are
in Danger.
GIVE PROOF
OF THE PLOT
OF ASSASSINS
The San Francisco CallPROSPECTORS IN LTTCK
IN NORTHERN OIL LAND
Wells Near Fort Townsend and Pozt
Angeles Said to Furnish, nn
Excellent Product. / ' -
TACOMA, April 18.— The oil boom is ex
tending to Dungeness/ Valley, near Port
Townsend. Experiments show that the.
farm of Levl H. Cays Is Impregnated with
petroleum. On several occasions during
the past ten years Cays has been unable
to secure good water b|- the sinking of
wells because the waWr thus obtained
was heavily coated with oil. Ben Pilcher,
a son-in-law of Cays, had been spending
the winter in California investigating the
oil business there. He has returned and
arrangements are being, made to sink an
oil well this spring.
E C- Hickman, representing Hawes and
Hoagland of San Francisco, has arrived
at Port Angeles to obtain leases on land
supposed to be oil-bearing. , He has se
cured leases on 3000 acres east of Port
"Angeles and is now negotiating for leases
on property west of that town. Hickman
states that an expert sent to that section
last year I by his company reported the
presence there of first class oil indications.
His principals agree to sink a nine-inch
.well In the near future.
Sale of Murphy Rancho.
SAN JOSE, April 18.—The . Commercial
and Savings Bank of San Jose has Just
sold the Dan Murphy rancho in Durango
County. Durango, Mexico, comprising 500,
000 acres, to an Eastern syndicate repre
sented by T. J. McGarry of Grand Rapids,
Mich., for $1 per acre, Mexican money.
The bank took the land for a loan of $175.
000 made to Murphy a number of years
ago. It is understood that Murphy, whs
is an invalid, will receive some benefit
from the sale. -•'¦'
SKATTX.K. "Wash., April 13.— President
James J. Hill of the Great Northern, who
Is now In this city, on being asked by a
correspondent If he had anything further
to say touching publications concerning
the merging of various railroad corpora
tions Into a great syndicate, said:
"Say that I have read the various state
ments published and that where there Is
one clean-cut statement of facts there are
about a dozen of an erroneous character.
It is trno that several large railway cor
porations are endeavoring to make closer
traffic arrangements, and that such ar
rangements involve the Burlington, but
up to the present time there has been
nothing consummated upon which to baso
correct statements."
It Is apparent that HIU has been greatly
annoyed by the coupling of many rail
roads other than those with which he has
been dealing, and he did not hesitate to
say that interviews which had been given
out by the heads of such railroads were
merely "guess work" and contained Jittio
truth.
Hill left Seattle for St. Paul at noon to
day, his visit to the coast at this tl mo
having? been more for the purpose of Keep
ing bis promises to take the party with
him across the continent than for any
thin? else.
TRUST YIELDS
TO THE UNION
Dismissed Men Taken
Back and Strike Talk
Is Ended. .
Steel Workers Gain Point
Over Which Trouble
Originated.
PITTSBTTRG, ApHl IS.— There will be no
strike in the plantsof the American Sheet
Steel Company. The trouble that broke
out in the "W. Pewees Wood plant in Mc-
Keesport last "week and which for a time
threatened ta' cause a general strike of all
union Iron and steel workers in the coun
try has -been- settled in -air amicable man
ner. The members of the general execu
tive board, of the Amalgamated Associa
tion of Iron, Steel arid ; Tin "Workers held
a long session to-day. 'It started out with
a general feeling that a strike would
come, as the workers would not concede
the only point in dispute (reinstatement
of the men discharged, it la claimed, for
joining the union), and so far as could be
learned the officials of the American Sheet
Steel Company were equally determined.
During the. morning session of the ex
ecutive board John Jarrett. acting for the
American Sheet Steel Company, appeared
with' a proposition for the members to
consider regarding a settlement of the
difficulty. In general this proposition was
that all men discharged from the "Wood
plant should be reinstated, including Hol
loway, and that all but Holloway should
return to work at once, Holloway to be
returned within ten days.
The board insisted th?it Holloway should
be treated in the same manner as the oth
ers, and finally Mr. Jarrett changed his
proposition to include Holloway after
three days' suspension, and the agreement
was drawn up and signed at 7 o'clock to
night, as follows:
"We have discovered after a careful examina
tion of the points at issue that, as usual, mis
takes and misunderstandings underlie the
trouble at "McKeesport, and we reach the con
clusion that It will be to the advantage of all
parties concerned to start the "Wood mill with
the old employes on next Monday, April 22,
1901.
And it Is- further agreed that the contract
with reference to working- conditions In the
mill and scale matters shall be observed until
July 1, 1901. and in the meantime Mr. Smith
and Mr.. Holloway shall have a meeting to
adjust any difficulties which mar exist between
them. T. J. SHAFFER.
President A. A. I. S. and T. "W.
JOHN WILLIAMS.
Secretary-Treasurer A. A. I. S. and T. W.
JOHN JARRETT.
American Sheet Steel Company.
. In explanation of this agreement it was
stated that the matter will remain in ex
actly the same position as before the
trouble broke out. The organization of the
locals of the Amalgamated Association
among the employes of the mill will be
continued, though the company will not
recognize it in any way In dealing with
the men. The Amalgamated Association
stated they did not wish the company to
recognize their organization at present,
and sjmply asked the company to allow
the men to do as they pleased and act
with freedom when outside of the mill.
The company officials, on the other hand,
say that so long as tha local among their
men does not try to force recognition and
the men work under the personal agree
ment with the.m they would not allow
any feeling against the men. Both sides
are satisfied, and the strike that has ex
isted for a> week nas in reality, according
to the officers on both sides, been due to a
misunderstanding between the two sides
to the dispute. •-. ; .". , ..
The settlement will bring the matter to
an issue, it is raid, when the scale for the
coming year is brought up for settlement.
The union will seek at that ttroe to hav«
the Wood plant included in the next scale
agreement, and the company it Is believed
will be ready to oppose this part of the
agreement emphatically. •. . , .
When asked to-night concerning thia the
'officials of the Amalgamated Association
said they would not cross a bridge until
they came to it. The company officials
replied in the same strain. At the conclu
sion of the conference this evening the
members of the executive board departed
for their homes. There did not* neem to
be any dlspostton on the .part of either
side of the dispute to claim a victory or
the better of the settlement.
binations Have Been
Unfounded.
Says Many Reports of Com-
Great Northern Presi
dent Talks of Syndi
cates.
NOT ALL TRUTH
SAYS MR. HILL
' ' ' ' . . ,--.-. .- .'¦•. I. ---_-- ..;•-¦- .
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FK1DAY, \£PftlL 19, 1901.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC PREFERS
THE COURT- OUTSIDE OF POMONA
rapid track laying.
The Short Line attorneys have drafted
an appeal to the General Land Office at
Washington from the decision "of the
Land Commissioner at Carson City, Nev.,'
giving the. disputed grade to Clark's com
pany, v . I
. - The Clark people have barricaded both
ends of the tunnel, securely bottling up
their opponents In the darkness. The im
prisoned | forces have food ' and water to
last several - days, but unless ' reinforce
ments! from the outside come to their aid
they will soon be forced to capitulate, j In
v the. meantime the; imprisonment" of so
many. Short .Line men , has checked ¦- the
SALT LAKE, April 18.— The . railroad
building: war In Nevada continues. Those
of the Short Line forces who were In pos
session of both ends of tunnel No. 1, west
from Nevada, • have been driven 'Into the
tunnel by the San Pedro, Los Angeles and
Salt Lake men — Senator Clark's crowd. _ -
Some Short Line Laborers.
Senator Clark's Partisans Bottle TJp
imprisoned : nr a tunnel.
It is over this right, of way that tho
present, fight between the Senator ¦ Clark
and Harriman interests Is being waged.'
The appealing roads ; allege error on the
part ;of the Carson . City officials in de
claring the grade forfeited because it
had to be abandoned. . According to re
ports- from. Nevada- the Clark • Interests
and the Short Line" forces are j actively
engaged. In pushing the work of construc
tion, but no further trouble has occurred.
SALT LAKE, Utah, April j 18.— The Ore
gon Short Line and Utah Northern Rail
roads and the Utah,: Nevada and Cali
fornia haye, through their attorneys, ap
pealed from. :. the . decision of the register
and receiver of the -United States Land
Office i at ] Carson " City, declaring their
rights to the - Lincoln County (Nevada)
grade forfeited. The matter, now goes io
the : Commissioner of ; the General Land
Office at Washington for final- settle
ment. ¦ .; ; .. ¦ '
¦ The cases, which > are those of' Th?
People against E. J. Mulvahill, Woods
and Maag, for alleged disturbance of th->
peace, j^rew;out of the railroad troub'e
last Saturday. : The defendants .were in
charge of the j construction gangs of tlie
Southern Pacific ;thatl attempted to lay
a track through -the streets of Pomona.
The place, of trial; was transferred to the
next township'* at 'the -request 'Of 'the de
fendants on account of alleged bias of the
Pomona , Justice and -on account of pub
lic sentiment against ' the railroad people.
r The action'--of the -" Southern .' Pacific
.agalnst-.the city of .Pomona for $1000
damages ...and to permanently I enjoin It
from Interfering with thia. work of laying
tracks will be j set for '• trial . to-morrow.
POMONA, r April IS.— Three railroad
cases have j been ¦ removed from Pomona
to Azusa. : The papers were transferred
to-day. '
of £5,100,000 from this tax. The West Indies
will not be excepted.
My next proposal is a novel one; It Is an ex
port duty of a shilling a ton - on coal.- - In
aiming to secure a revenue from coal I am not
sacrificing trade. The imposition of a shil
ling, which is infinitely less than the fluctu
ations in price, will do no real Injury to the
coal trade, even supposing that the export of
coal is checked. I am not -sure that even the
result will be an evil.- From this source I ex
pect* £2,100,000, making an aggregate of £11,
000,000 from new taxation.
My final balance sheet will be, from taxa
tion, a revenue of £122,200,000; from non-tax
ation, £21,055,000, a total of £143,255,000. I
propose to reduce the expenditure by again
suspending the sinking- fund to £182,962,000.
This shows a deficit of £39,927,000, to which
must be added £1,250,000 for tha fresh debt
I have to borrow, I must ask the House to
give me borrowing powers considerably In ex
cess of this deficit of £41,000,000. In order to
finance the exchequer I ask power to borrow
£60,000,000 by means of consols.
AS to obtaining: contributions from the
Transvaal, Sir Davis Barbour'a reports are not
encouraging at present. I think the House
will see the war. has brought the country to
the verge of ruin (opposition cheers greeted
this remark). This can no longer be consid
ered, The small war has coat £151.000.000,'
douele the cost of the Crimean war. -There was
£67,000,000 of the unfunded debt redeemable
within the next ten years. I have tried to put
before the House a true account of- our
finances for the present and immediate fu
ture. In our time no Chancellor of the ¦ Ex-
Chequer has had so difficult a task and none
has had a more indulgent audience. -." I hajre
not laid proposals before the House with the
view of gaining transient popularity, but I
have endeavored to establish I a principle I of
contribution by , the whole community to the
burdens of the state. • '
Sir Michael concluded at 6:44 p. m. amid
loud applause, having spoken two hours
and twenty-six minutes. ~. •
Sir "William Vernon Harcourt compli
mented the Chancellor of the Exchequer
on the ability he had Bh«wn, declaring
that his speech was characterized by hon
esty, a quality very much lacking in the
conduct of the war, in telling the House
and the country the truth in regard to the
position. The budget, continued Sir-Wil
liam, was but a chapter In .the disastrous
incident of thev war. It was ¦ purposed to
borrow altogether £127,000,000 more — four
times as much as was borrowed for the
Crimean war.
Irish Member Protests.
John Redmond, ' the Nationalist leader, ¦
asked what Interest Ireland -had in the.
war which led to this extraordinary, dis
astrous and disgraceful financial situa
tion. He protested against fresh taxation,
which, he ; said, imposed great injustice
upon Ireland, which, as admitted by the
Government commission ¦ in - 1893, ¦ ;¦ was
greatly overtaxed.' He severely attacked
Joseph Chamberlain and the war policy. -
Replying: to 1 criticisms, - Sir -Michael
Hicks-Beach said there were valuable as
sets in -the Transvaal colony,- but that It
was Impossible to say .¦: what -the Contribu
tion- for ;the war,.in' the present . state of
that country, would be. '¦,¦" v .- .
"At 1:48 this . (Friday) morning Balfour,
the Government leader, said it was neces
sary to pass the ; resolution to authorize
the war loans to-night, whereupon- the
House divided . on the sugar duty, which
was adopted by a J vote of 183 to 125. 'The
coal" duty was adopted *y a. vote of 171 to
127-- • •¦- -¦: n- - _¦¦¦.:. - ¦- - -¦-» - . « ;.;,
¦ On . the resolution to authorize the war
loans being put before .the House,- John
Redmond* moved; to report progress. Sir
MichaeK Hicks-Beach assented and the
House then adjourned. .
GLIMPSES OF SOME OF THE MEN WHO ARE TAKING A PROMINENT
PART IN THE^ PROCEEDINGS OF THE TRANSCONTINENTAL PAS
SENGER ASSOCIATION'S SESSION IN DEL MONTE.
In Chicago July 25-SS, must avn.ll them
selves of the Pan-American rate, and
tickets must be bought on July 3 and 4.
For the Grand Army encampment, that is
to be held in Cleveland, Ohio, September
10 to 14, a thirty-day rate is allowed. Tick
ets must be bought on September 5 or 6.
For the- National Irrigation Congress at
Colorado Springs, July 12 to 16, a one-half
rate has been granted. The Trans-Mlssls
sippl Congress takes place at Cripple
Creek July 17 to 20, and the railroad men
decided that they would allow a thirty
day rate for this meeting.
The Modern Woodmen of the World,
who meet in St. Paul on June 11, get a
thirty-day rate, but tickets must be
bought* on. June 3 or 4. A thirty-day la
also allowed the Nobles of .tho Mystic
Shrine, who hold their annual meeting in
Kansas City on Juno 3 and 4. The time
allowed on these tickets Is the same us for
the Pan-American excursion.
The. rates for. tho Benevolent and Pro
tective Order of Elks at Milwaukee, the
National Educational Association at De
troit and the linighta of Pythias at St.
Louis had been made at the last quarterly
meeting of the /Transcontinental Associa
tion: ¦ To-day the time was extended on
these three tickets from thirty to sixty
days. ¦ •
Special ' Dispatch to The Call.
•fi-*^ EL MONTE, April 18.— From ear
\V ly this morning until nearly mid
• II night the members of the Trans-
J_ continental Passenger Associa-
tion have been hard at work
striving to get through with the docket,
so that;";they" all may be able to return
home. ~ They have been in session several
days/and it will be almost a week before
some of them will be back at their head-
Quarters. This has caused a great amount
of dissatisfaction to a large number of
the delegates. . ,They accordingly to-day
made a motion- that 1 the headquarters of
the association be moved from Denver,
where they' are at present located, to Chi
cago. Should this motion prevail' it Is
probable that ell the quarterly meetings
will be held In Chicago. The motion is
now on the table and will be taken up at
the next meeting of the association,' at
Denver, in July.
The rate to the 'Pan-American Exposi
tion from San Francisco and the entire
Pacific Coast was not changed to-day, but
a few more details were added for .the
convenience of passengers. Tho rate will
be $50 for a first -class ticket, or, In other
words, a thirty-day fare, to the Missouri
Itlver. * Thia rate will bo good by all di
rect and tho usual branch routes- that
tickets are sold on. Tickets sold oneway
by Portland, Or., or Puget Sound, by tho
Shasta route of the Southern Pacific, or
by steamer by tho Oregon Railroad and
Navigation Company, will have $12 60 add
ed to the amount of the ticket. For tick
ets via Portland, or Puget Sound by other
California point n proportionate arbitrarles
will be added. The tickets for this special
rate can be bought only on June 3 and 4,
July, 2 and 4, August 22 and 23 and Sep
tember 5 and 6. Ten days will be allowed
west of Chicago, Memphis, St. Louis and
New Orleans. Sixty days will- be the limit
for the return trip.
Delegates to the Baptist Young People
of America's convention, that takes place
ARMED MEN- WILL TRY : J .
TO REGAIN OH* LAND
Prospect of Serious Trouble When
the Opposing Forces Get To- .
, Gether at McKittrick. /;
LOS ANGELES, April' iS.—C. A. Neil,
one of the, directors of the Mount Diablo
Oil Company, whose land at McKittrick
was seized by contestants Wednesday,
left Los Angeles to-day accompanied by
a. number of men, and stated before de
parting that the company would at once
threw fifty armed men on the land and
recover by force what. had. been taken
from it by force. It is stated that there
were tfftc-en men in the party which seized
the claim. . , :
A special dispatch to the Herald says
arrests may follow the latest clash of oil
men. After the story of the seizure of a
portion of the land held by the Mount
l>iablo Oil Company comes the report of
trouble yesterday on the section east of
25. Frank Lar.ning. representing one
party of locators, moved lumber upon the
ground last Tuesday for the purpose of
beginning operations. The men were en
gaged in erecting buildings when they
were ordered to move by the opposing
locators. .This order was not obeyed, and
yesterday the same parties, reinforced by
others, who were alarmed, went to the
land, and after hitching six horses to the
material hauled it away. Lanning's crowd
then moved off. The matter may be set
tled In court. %
STATE MEDICAL SOCIETY
NAMES ITS OFFICERS
Dr. Da-arson of St. Helena Given the
Presidency at the Session in
Sacramento.
SACRAMENTO, April 18.— The morning
cession of the State Medical Society to
day was given over to the discussion of
various papers. This afternoon at the be
ginning of the session there was a dis
cussion of the proposition to so change
the by-laws as to allow the publication
of a monthly Journal by the society. The
change was refused by a viva voce vote.
At 2 o'clock the selection of a place for
the next annual meeting was taken up
under . a special order. San Francisco
vat unanimously selected. The follow
ing named officers were selected for the
ensuing year:
. j President, Dr. W. J. G. Dawson of 8t.
Helena; flmt vice president. Dr. F. 13. Car
penter of San Francisco; second vice presi
dent. Dr. K. L,. Adams of Oakland; secretary.
Dr. Georgs II. Evans of San Francisco: first
aaxlstant secretary. Dr. Z. T. Malaby of Sun
Francisco: second asulstant secretary, Dr. W.
V. J:<<i li.it of San Francisco; treasurer. Dr.
Elmer K. Kel'.ey of gan FrancUco; board of
censors— Dr. C. H. Krone of Oakland, Dr.
William Ix-moyne Will* of Lou Angeles, Dr. R.
1- lliirdon of Ban Franc-info, Dr. 1). F. Itooncy
of Auliurn, l>r. Thomas \V. Jluntlnrton at San
Francisco; board of examiner*— I >r. Dudley
Twit of San Francisco, Dr. C C. Wadsworth,
]>r. O. h. Hard of Ventura, Dr. David I'owail
of Marynvtlle. Dr. D. 12. Onborne of St.
ju-ifiiu: alternate*— Dr. Henry M. Pond of Ala
in.-.la, r>r. J. li. Mcnride of Pasadena, Dr.
8. 11. Hinrin of Oakland.
QUARANTINE OFFICERS
HAVE CHARGE OF YOUNG
Sakerefield Oil Man Who Disappeared
Was Taken From a Train Near
. £1 Paso.
LOS ANGELES. April 18.-C. S. Young,
the lost Bakersfleld oil man, has been
found. He had been taken from the east
bm ml train near El Paso and Bent back
to Deminpr, TJ. Mex., by Quarantine offi
cers. Tills information reached W. S.
Collins, a business associate of Young, to
day in a telegram from Young.
Those who are closest to Young were
not at first frightened by his sudden dis
appearance, but when they began tele
graphing to various points In Texas and
even the quarantine officers could give
no clew to his whereabouts every one of
them was frightened. The exact condi
tions under which Young was taken from
his train and deported are not known, but
It is understood that he was taken while
passing from one .car to another, thus
avoiding attracting attention, and that he
was taken to Deming by a petty official,
who neglected to notify his superiors.
..LONDON, April 19.— The exceptional in-
Uerest taken in this year's' budget state
i roeht' was evidenced by the crowded con
dition vf the. House of Commons when- it
reassembled yesterday. The attendance
of members was unusually large, while
the appearance of the -galleries testified
to the deep interest of the public in the
fresh taxation proposals required. to meet
the expenditure for 1901-02. which, accord
ing to a Parliamentary paper, totals £1S7,-
C92.000, inclusive of war" charges, this be
ing an increase of £32,901,000 over ia.st
yearv
The* national balance sheet for/ 1300-01,
as shown by the same paper, stands as
follows: Revenue, £13y,3S5,000: expendi
tures. £183,592,000;. net deficit,'' £53,207,090.
Balfour, the Government leafier, indi
rectly announced the forthcoming loan.
Opening 'Ho£ Promising. .
The 'Chancellor of the Kxcheauer, Sir.
Michael Hicks-Beach, rest, at 4:18 p. m.
amid rounds of cheers and commenced che
budget statement; His opening sentence
was not promising:. Ha began:
During the last five vears we have been in
variably able to congratulate the house on a
general increase in the prosperity of the
country, but the year.lHOO, especially the last
tix months, showed symptoms of a change.
Our foreign trade during the year consider
ably increased, but- in value rather than in
volume. It is mainly derived from the high
prices of certain articles, notably coal, which
naturally must have injured important in
dustries especially railways. Nevertheless,
the revenue for the past year showed no sign
of decrease and the exchequer receipts showed
a surplus cf £2.866,000 over the estimates. I
am bound to say, however, that the excess
was due to forestallment on dutiable articles.
But for this my estimates would have been
barely realized. Much can be said for and
against forestallment. but It is an unmiti
gated nuisance to financial statistlcans. The
forestallments of 1S99-1900 amounted to £3,250,-
CCO, which properly belong to the revenue of
the last vear. The forestallment of the past
year somewhat exceeded the previous year. I
will say that the consuming power of the peo
ple is maintained, but there is no material
evidence of the expansion of that power be- ;
yond what is fairly attributable to increase
of population.
Beer Estimate Too High.
The Chancellor then proceeded to review
the various items of revenue, mentioning
that the revenue from beer was £4,000,000
lose than the estimate.
"That decrease," said he, "is probably
attributable to the fact that very many
beer drinkers are in South Africa, and
also to the decrease in the spending power
of the people, owing to the high price of
coat. Experience has shown that we have
practically reached the limit in the'profit
able taxation of spirits." The receipts
from duties were £1,500,000 below those of
the preceding year, but he had better
expectations for next year. »
The prolongation of the war and the
absence 'of buyers on the stock exchange
¦were responsible for the unsatisfactory
yield for stamps. In noting that the yield
from the income tax was £1,150,000 above
the estimate, the Chancellor remarked
that in twelve years the income on which
taxation was paid had been, increased by
no less than £120,000.000, a fact that he
hoped the House would remember when
he reached a l^ter part of his speech.
The only other points, of the revenue
"which ho heed touch upon, were ths ex
ceptional receipts owing to the mint, sil
ver, coinage- and the telegraph receipts,
which compared very favorably with the
expenditure. The total receipts amounted
to £130,385,000 and the expenditures £1S3,~
592,000. of which £65,000.000 was for the
war in South Africa and £3,000,000 for
China. The deficit, £53,207,000, showed
that they had paid £15,413,000 out of the
revenue for the cost of tho war. The to
tal amount provided by the Btate last year
aggregated tho enormous sum of £19S,
346,000.
"As to the national • debt," said the
Chancellor of the Exchequer, "it stands
in painful contrast with last year. But
thu funded debt has decreased by £1,425,
000. April 1 the national debt stood at
£6S7.500,000. an increase of £55,000,000 on
account of the war."
Proposes Sugar and Coal Tax.
Turning to the present year, the Chan
cellor of the Exchequer said that the to
tal estimated expenditure was £167,600,000.
On the existing basis it was estimated
that the revenue would be £132,255,000,
leaving a deficit of about £55,000,000. Sir
Michael continued:
How is this deficit to be met? I will never
be responsible for the fatal policy of paying
the whole cost of the war out of loans with
out putting a. reasonable amount on the tax
payers of the day. The real difficulty, how
ever, is not so much the cost of the war in
South Africa as the operations In China, as
they will, Increase our ordinary expenditure
even if the war came to an end witbin three
or four months (this statement .caused cheer
ing from, the Irish members), or sooner than
the honorable members suppose. Our ordinary
expenditure would not permit of the remittance
of the additional taxation proposed for war
purposes last year. It therefore becomes'neces
sary to put our expenditures on a broader basis.
The country has reached a point when it is
necessary to widen 'the scope of taxation, but
direct taxpayers must, bear their share of the
burden. I propose that 2 pence shall be added
to the income tax, making 1 shilling and 2
pence in the pound. The extra 2 pence will
realize £3,800,000. There will be no addition
to the beer, wine, tea, spirits or tobacco duties.
I am not disposed to oppose a customs duty
on manufactured im pur ted goods as suggested
by Sir Howard Vincent.
The average consumption, of sugar Is flfty-slx
pounds per head. Sugar is taxed in every
other community in Europe and is taxed in
the United States. In this country taxes re
mained on sugar long after the institution of
free trade. What I propose is not a protective
duty, but an adequate public necessity has
arisen for some duty for which th« laboring
classes should bear a fair share. The effect
of my proposals on the price of sugar is doubt
ful, as the price of sugar is governed by the
bounty-giving countries. . :
The Bounty System. ;
The bounty system is that a country giving
a bounty encourages production within its
borders and at the same time does its best to
restrict consumption by its own people by
every possible means. The result is that there
is an enormous surplus which has to find a
foreign market, and this country under the
present circumstances is the only market.
Therefore it is quite conceivable — unless, of.
course, the bounty-giving countries either re-
I duce the area of their sugar production or
1 lower their own duties on the sugar for the
benent of their own population, both of which
actions would mean the abolition of the
bounty system — that the result of the new.
tax, although at first . the price might rise
. and consumption consequently be reduced,
would be that there would be such an inflow
Into this country of bounty-fed sugar unable
to go elsewhere that the price might be
brought down. Again. I do not believe the
duty will injure manufacturers using sugar,
to- anything like the extent feared. Of course
provision will be made for imposing a duty on
manufactured articles from ' foreign countries
coming Into competition with the home article
and for allowing manufacturers a drawback
on articles which they export.' - 1 allow £ 240,
000 for the payment of these drawbacks. I
have endeavored to reconcile the conflicting
interests. Nothing must be done to protect
the British refiner to the disadvantage of the
British consumer. But. on the other hand,
fair play must be given to the British refiner
as "compared with his Continental rival. The
refiner of beet sucar must not be favored as.
arainst the refiner of cane sugar, or vice
versa. I propose a duty on refined sugar of
four shillings and two pence a hundredweight.
A haif penny per pound would be four shil
lings and eJght pence, so a. margin of six
pence is left to cover the customs, •handling,
etc. There is therefore no reason why a tax
of four shillings and two . pence should in-.
crease the retail price more than a half penny
per pound.. The graduated scale of taxation
would be as follows: Refined Bugar.^whlch is'
polarized at 98 and upward. , which represents
two-thirds 'of . the ? total imports, would pay
the full tax. This will -diminish to a , mini-- 1
mum of two shillings per hundredweight on
raw, sugar polarized at 76. This scale is only
tentative and I am perfectly willing to listen
to criticism and the btnefit of experience
and better knowledge., ¦¦ ¦ • . . •.. .
Molasses, In which are included the grocery
syrups consumed largely by the poor, pays two
shillings per hundredweight; glucose ,of which
a great -deal has been, heard lately, and which
is used in the manufacture , of ' jams and
aerated waters, ¦ will < have to bear a ¦ tax of
1 shilling and 8 pence. I .'anticipate a yield
Thousand Inmates Are
Endangered in Aus
tralia.
Dread Disease Spreads With
Alarming Rapidity in -
Cities. . k . '
¦ VANCOUVER. 3- C, April 18.— Bubonic
plague has broken out in an Australian
insane asylum. The steamer Aorangl
from Sydney brings nsws of. fresh out
¦fcroaks of nlapue at Brisbane and'Perth.-
The most serious phase is the appear
ance of the bubonic plegue in the Dun
wich Asylum, where f.iere are 1000 in
mates. Nearly all ths inmates are said to
be ag-ed or incurable, so the outbreak has
aroused the gravest apprehension. Duns
wieh is situated on Strandbrpok Island
and is the asvlum for the entire fltat;.
The afflicted patients have been isolated
on the a^Jum farm. 1 he -carrying of the
plague to^he asylum ic- ascribed to rats.
All sewers Jn the Australian cities are
being fumigated in -order to destroy in
fected vermin, with the result that thou
sands of dead rats have been washed out.
PLAGUE ENTERS
INSANE ASYLUM
Levies- Duties on Coal
and Sugar to Defray- \
¦ ¦-. War Cost. , : ;^.
Commons Listens to' Reading j
" y. | of, Year's" Budget '
. ' J Statement. ¦'.''¦¦ . i&
ENGLAND FACES
HEAVY DEFICIT
Members of the Trariscoritinerital Passenger Association,-'- Now in Session at
Del Monte, Busy Themselves With Important Temporary Revision of
¦.' the tariff Schedule for Many of the Prominent Organizations in the Country
RAILROAD MANAGERS CUT RATES
TO ASSIST NOTABLE CONVENTIONS
2
637 Market Street,
San Francisco, Cal.
CARLTON G. CRANE,
i
Pacific Coast Agent New York
Central Lines,
Have you got it ?
Got what ?
Why your ticket to the
Pan-American Exposi-
tion, via the Michigan
Central Railroad or Lake
Shore and Michigan
Southern Railway.
% Direct routes. Fast
time. Superb train ser-
vice. Everything up to
date.
For rates and infor-
mation, call or address
4l |i S
ADVEBlfSE3EEin:a.
DR.PJERCES
MEDIC/V'C •
OiSCOVERV
¦ _ FOR THE
I BLOOD.UVER.UJ1VGS.
<VC33«V**"bnH£l »medj - for Gonorrhoea,
Jb^rCVHE^yM Gleet, Spormato* rhcea,
ASS5y la ltoS Jtji.^l White*, unnatural dij<
J095E7 Qunateed 13 ch&rjl . or any inflaomm-
jK*>>9 not to itrlotare. tion. I ritatloa or n!cer&-
i^-^?retreu caat»«i«n. tion it'mncona mem-
ET^TKeEvANS ChEMIMiCo. b«ne«. Non-antringont.
iggfflSlNIIXNAn.O.EICa Sold by J>rarr*«t»,
U.S. a jSSror aent In plain wrap:**,
L^fe£ka^l_~_*k» lS i3 h r exprw* prepaid, tot
(1 ."patents: ;)
'DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogues and Price Lists Mallei
¦:¦-'¦' -k 'a - on Application. -''.V;.' v
\COAL, COKE AND Pld'lRoff.
J. C WILSON & CO n? Ba ««y st«*t.
4- V- n lit JVll U \AJ' . Telephone Main 1864.
COPPERSMITH.
CW. SMITH f^ 1 ? S. umb «n*. Steamboat and
V« n* OJT11I11> ship Work a specialty. 18 and
18 'Waghlngton at. Telephone. Main 5641. .' .
/ FRESH AND SALT MEATS '"
JAS. ROYES & CO' SnJPPln* Butchers. 104
JAJ» Utfltjft WV- clay. Tel. Main 1234.
OILS. .:
LUBRICATDTO OILB. - LEONARD & ELL13.
,-- 418 Front St.. S. F. Phone Main 1719- '-
. . PRINTING.
F r HTTfiHFS printer.
»* W» UUU1IC3, S11 sa n3ome .t.. g. F .
.-¦ ¦-< V -V: -POINTERS.-" BOOKBINDERS.
THE HICKS- JTJPD CO.. ',,. :
r-: rt -yv-'. ¦>•- •,?,%¦•¦>¦& First Street. ;San Frandico.
STATIONER AND PRINTER.
306 .SSSr 4 rABTRIDGE
NERVOUS DYSPEPSIA.
A. CUBE-. FOB. .IT.
Not a Patent Cure- All, Nor a Modern
Miracle, but Simply a Rational
Cure for Dyspepsia. - -?.*>
In these days of humbuggery and decep-
tion the. manufacturers of patent medi-
cines, as a rule, seem to thinK their medi-
clr.e? will not sell unless they ¦claim that
it will cure every disease under the sun.
And they never. think of leaving. out dys-
pepsia and stomach troubles. ¦.; They are
sure to claim that their: nostrum is abso-
lutely certain to cure every, dyspeptic and
ho need look no further.
In the face of these absurd claims it is
refreshing to note that the proprietors of
Stuart's Dysrpepsia Tablets have carefully
refrained from making- any undue claims
or false representations regarding the
merits of this most excellent remedy for
dyspopsia and stomach troubles. They
make but one claim for it, and that Is,
thaf* for indigestion and various stomach
troubles Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets Is a
radical cure. They gt>" no farther than
this and any man or woman suffering
frcm lndlpestion. chronic or nervous dys-
pepsia, who will pive the remedy a trial
.wiil find that' nothing is ; claimed for it
that the facts will not fully sustain.
It Is a modern discovery, composed of
harmless vegetable ingredients acceptable
to the weakest or most delicate . stomach.
Its great success in curing stomach
troubles is due to the fact that the medi-
. cal properties are such that it will digest
whatever wholesome food Is taken into
the stomach, no matter whether the
stomach Is in good working order or not.
It rests the overworked organ -and re-
plenishes the body, the blood, the nerves
creating a healthy appetite gives refresh-
Ing Bleep and the blessings which always
accompany a good digestion and proper
assimilation of food. .
In using Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets no
dieting is required. Simply eat plenty of
wholesome food and take these Tablets
at each meal, thus assisting and resting
the. stomach which rapidly regains its
proper digestive power, when 'the Tablets
will be no longer required.
Nervous Dyspepsia is simply-a condition
in which some portion or portions of the-
r.ervous system are not properly nour-
ished. Good digestion invigorates the ner-
vous system and every organ In the body.
. Stuart # % Dyspepsia Tablets are sold by
1 al! druggists at 50 cents per package. - >-•
They are manufactured by. the F. A.
Stuart Co. of Marshall. Mich. , . .•;;u.
Any druggist will tell you it gives uni-
, versa! satisfaction. -
If ' yon haveRheumatism.writeDr. Shoop.Radne,
,Wls.,boxl37,for six bottles of , hisRheumaticCure,
express paid.". Bend no money. - Pay 13.50 if cured*,
A Month's i,Test • Free.
OR. MEYERS&CO, ijll^
Specialists. Dls- jSgS?
ease and "Weakness fs|«5
lished 1881. Consul- MTO
tatlon and private \J5JK), \ -r^Al
book free, at office 'wSSJ
or by mail. Cures WSii/L^UfGf9ff
guaranteed. 7111 Wwt*3fl{l<wl
Market street (ele- l^^aMfW
vator entrance), -^sShv /IPS9§53L
San Francisco. j^^gfi^Sfc^SoSS^
H ' The golf shirt has the distinction of being the proper shirt for |I
H. summer, and, by happy coincidence, it is the most comfortable tl
B • too. We have just received a swell, 1 lot from '¦ New York. . The 11
¦j bosom of the shirt-ismade of gorixl quality taffeta and the "'body-' O
IS of : good percale that matches tne 'bosom in color and pattern* ¦-"" Rl'
|U colors: Blue,* lavender, purple," • pink and white—^the colored W
H shades have white- perpendicular stripes; the colors are fast and O
H 4tie seams are double sewed and'Veinforced. " Price but soc. ra
ADVERTISEMENTS.VIENNA. April 18.— As anticipated, the
acceptance of the patronage of the Aus
trian Catholic Schools' Association on
Wednesday by Archduke Francis* the
heir-apparent, and his utterances on the
occasion led to stormy scenes In the
Reichsrath to-day. The Pan-Germans In
terpellated the Government on the subject
and violently attacked the Archduke for
supporting "the fighting union of the cler
ical party." declaring that his action was
olic Schools' Association Upsets
Pan-Germans.
Sis Acceptance of Patronage of Cath-
BEICHSRATH IN UPROAR
OVER ARCHDUKE'S ACTION
That the fire was a deliberate attempt
at incendiarism Is the belief of Mrs. Mor
gan and the men who fought the flames.
The latter declare that the fumes of coal
Two Japanese orchard hands while pass
ing the home cf the Rev. James Morgan,
a colored Baptist minister, discovered the
north end of the house in flames, while
fire was shooting from beneath the build
ing. The Japanese ran for assistance, and
H. Bullock, the nearest neighbor, respond
ed. Fortunately a large barrel of water
stood in Morgan's yard, and Bullock 1 and
the Japanese went to work with buckets.
The six children, who had been locked in
the house, were carried out almost uncon
scious.
LODI, April IS. — The prompt arrival of
neighbors was all that saved six little
children from death in a burning house
near this place last night. There is every
indication that the fire was the result of
an attempt at incendiarism.
SWALLOWED CARBOLIC ACID.-Thomas
Brown swallowed a dose of carbolic acid in
his room at 402 O'Farrell street yesterday. He
was taken to the Receiving Hospital, where
the poison was pumped out.
oil were strong, and especially so in the
cellar, where the fire originated. Mrs.
Morgan had come into Lodi from her
home, which is on the Cherokee lane, a
half-mile east of town, with her eldest
son, leaving her other six little ones alone
In the house, with the<|£>ors locked. They
had no light, and no fire had been in the
stove for several hours. Shortly before
the neighbors arrived to awake the sleep
ing children the oldest girl was r.wakened
by the watch dog, -which barked and ran
back and forth on the front porch in an
excited manner. She looked through the
window and saw a woman and a boy ap
proach the gate, but thinking it her moth
er and brother returning paid no more at
tention to them or the dog. Then she
dropped off to sleep. The next thing she
remembered was ' the arrival of Bullock,
who yelled to her that the house was on
fire. The Morgans had no oil of any sort
in the cellar. Their oil can was at the
rear of the house, in its usual place, and
none had been taken from it.
Affectionate Farewell Bet-ween Aged
EMPEROR FRANCia JOSEPH
KISSES PARTING GUEST
Monarch and Youthful Crown
Prince Frederick William.
VIENNA. April 18.— The German Crown
Prince Frederick William left here to-day
for Berlin. Emperor Francis Joseph ac
companied the Crown Prince to the.rail
road station. The parting of the aged
Emperor and his youthful guest was most
affectionate. The Crown Prince stooped
and kissed the hand of the Emperor,
whereupon the latter raised the Prince
and kissed him on both cheeks.
KIEL, April 18.— Prince Adelbert, third
son of the Emperor of Germany, formally
entered the navy this morning. The Em
peror and Empress and other members of
the imperial family participated in the at
tendant ceremonies. At divine service
Prince Adelbert took the oath of loyalty
to the flag and subsequently reported him
self to the Emperor as his superior officer.
WASHINGTON, April 18.— John C./Gil
more, colonel in the adjutant general's de
partment, was placed on the retired list
to-day by operation of law on account of
ace. -
SAN BERNARDINO, April 18.-For ten
days an epidemic of mumps has existed in
San Bernardino, the victims being young
and old. Ordinarily the disease has beon
of a light form, but In the case of C. A.
Poole it has attacked him in an unusually
violent manner and fears aro entertained
that he will lose his reason. One week
ago he became afflicted snd he has bsen
dangerously ill.
- ¦ - ¦ - ? — . - .
Colonel Gilmore Retired.
Mumps in Epidemic Form.
g REDDING, April 18.— The finest hotel
building; In- Northern . California, not ex
cepting the capital city, will be construct
ed in this city immediately. The hostelry
will be known as The Lorenz. It will face
on California street and the railroad res
ervation. The hotel -will be four stories
in height and modern In every detail, con
taining an electric elevator. The build
ers, the Lorenz estate, own considerable
realty in Santa Cruz and in this city. >
Fine Hotel for Redding.
SAN JOSE, April 18.— The Standard
Electric Company tested its -wires from
Blue Lakes yesterday morning, the elec
trical current being sent to San Jose, San
Francisco and Oakland. Everything
worked : satisfactorily here and the trial
•was a. success. Electricity was transmit
ted over 252 miles of wire. The power
house ' and • receiving station in this' city
are complete, and It is reported the actual
delivery of power for business in this city
will begin on Friday.
Standard Electric Company's Long
Wires Are Tested and Work
Satisfactorily.,
TRANSMITS POWER FROM *
BLUE LAKES TO THE BAY
LOS ANGELES, April 18.— Angelina Lo
p«, a Mexican woman 80 ycar3 old, was
assaulted last nig-ht in her , little cabin
near Santa Anita and was brutally beaten
by Francisco Duarte, a Mexican des
perado. The woman i3 in a precarious
condition. Duarte spent the greater part
of the night at the cabin and escaped this
morning. Officers are now in pursuit.
• Four years ago Duarte was tried for
murder but was acauitted on the ground
of self-defense and has oince been a terror
to the neighborhood where he lived.
¦ - ' m - ¦
and Leaves Her in a Dying
Condition.
Ruffian Enters Her Cabin at Night
MEXICAN DESPERADO
ATTACKS AGED WOMAN
Dr. Bassian served as a surgeon in the
Turkish army and ¦was special court
physician to the Sultan. A cablegram has
been sent to his daughter in London noti
fying her of the death.
FRESNO, April IS.— Dr. John Bassian,
aged 70 years, was found dead from, nat
ural causes in a room above his pharmacy
on Mariposa street this morning. He was
a native of Turkey, an eccentric man, ono
of profound learning and one who had at
his fingers' ends all the languages of the
Mediterranean and of the Levant. He
was the father of Alexia Basslam. who
Is well known in the musical world. ' She
once sang- before the Prince of "Wales and
exhibits a solitaire and diamond cluster
ring as a gift and memento of the occa
sion.
Singer, Passes Away at
Advanced Age.
Dr. John Bassian, Father of Famous
SCHOLARLY TURK DIES
SUDDENLY AT FRESNO
Captain Julius A. Penn, Seventh Infan
try, and Captain William A. Shunk,
Eighth Cavalry, upon their muster out as
majors of the Thirty-fourth Infantry will
report to the chief mustering officer, San
Francisco, for temporary' duty. First
Lieutenant Grover Flint, Thirty-fifth In
fantry, now in San Francsico, will pro
ceed to his home preparatory for muster
out. ¦ -
On recommendation of Senator Perkins
and Representative Wood a pension ex
amining board is established at Placer
vllle, Cal., consisting of Drs. N. W. Moun
tain, B. H. Rentz and J. E. Frazier.
Washington— Original— John F. Deber
nean (dead), Seattle, $6. Increase — John N.
Starr, Welbur, $8. Original widows — Clara
L. Debernean, Seattle, $8. ; r , .
Oregon— Additional— Fletcher Bogue, Tu
lino, $12. Reissue and increase— George
W. Stoops, Ashland, $8. Mexican War.sur
vivors, increase — Robert S. Dunlap, Jack
sonville, $12. * .
These pensions were issued to-day: Cali
fornia— Restoration and reissue — John S.
Sargent (dead), Santa Rosa, $6. Increase —
William Long, Soldiers' Home,. Los An
geles, $16; James G. Stevenson, Arroyo
Grande, $8; William W. Caldwell, Soldiers'
Home, Los. Angeles. ?10. | Original widows
— Christiana O. Bogle, San Francisco, $8.
Washington— Additional— James H. No
ble, Reardan, $S. Reissue— William Cober,
Centralia, $10.
The Postofllce Department has issued
the following orders: Postoffice estabi
lished— Washington— Rock Cut, Stevens
County, Suprien Bourbonnais, Postmaster.
Postmaster commissioned — Oregon — Rob
ert Walker, Brandon. Postmaster ap
pointed — California — H. O. Purlnton, Plain
field, Yolo County, vice Alexander Esson,
resigned. ...
Pensions were issued to-day as follows:
Calif ornia— Original— Francis Turner,Ven
tura. $6; Ellery Willis, Oakland, $6; Asa
T. French, Alameda, $6. Additional—
Eleazer Newcomb, Verdugo, $12. Renew
als—Nathan Bristol; Auckland, $6; Benja
min F. Cook, Covina, $6. Reissue— John C.
Smith, Los An B eles, $17. War with Spain,
original — Harry Kern, Mare Island, $8.
Postmasters commissioned: California-
Henry S. Keeran, Norman; -Frank M.
Leonard, Hernandez. Washington — John
Ingersoll, Bismarck. . k
Postmasters appointed: California— E.
T. Foss, Hydesville, Humboldt County,
vice H. G. Tilden, resigned.
From Washington.
WASHINGTON, " April !§.— Poatofflces
were ordered established in California as
follows: Coffee, Trinity County, Francis
Bennet, Postmaster. Washington — Wills,
Stevens County, Charles J. Alyea, Post
master.
sued and Army and Naval News
Postoffices Established, Pensions Is-
OF, INTEBEST TO THK COAST.
Evidence of a Fiendish Attempt to Destroy Six Helpless
Little Ones While Asleep Near Lodi.
to The Calll
Special Dispatc!
the parade. These mines are of quicksil
ver and have been actively in operation
since the heavy increase in value of this
metal. The float will be symbolical of the
business and will be gorgeous.
Many other-floats are being reported to
Director Greeninger dally, and the array
will surpass all expectations. Yesterday
the Foresters of America and the Willow
Glen school district signified their inten
tion of participating in the procession of
floats.
The ladies* auxiliary committee held a
meeting this afternoon and all portions of
the work were reported as proceeding
smoothly. Mrs. E. O. Smith, the chair
man of the' committee made several sug
gestions for the beautifying of St. James
Park, which were accepted. The follow
ing chairmen of the sub-committees on
decorations and arches reported that the
necessary flowers and evergreens for the
work were being contributed: Mrs. C.
Cordes, Gilroy; Mrs. Dr. Stocking, Ag
news; Mrs. F. Goodrich, Cupertino; Mrs.
F. E. Samuels, Mayfield; Miss Jennie Far
well, Saratoga; Mrs. Frank Stevens,
Coyote; Mrs. it. R. Bullmore, Campbell,
and Mrs. Laura Delaney, Willows.
TORCH SET TO A COUNTRY HOME
TO END THE LIVES OF CHILDREN
PROMINENT MEMBER OF THE
SAN JOSE ROSE CARNIVAL COM
MITTEE.
SAN JOSE, April 18,-From every
section of the State the reports of
the bicycle clubs invited to par
ticipate in the parade and meet of
the Carnival of Roses are encour
aging. Orlando Stevens has returned from
a trip to San Francisco, where, he has
been to secure the co-operation of the bi
cyd© organizations, and announces satis
factory results. Floyd Macfarland, who
with Stevens Is preparing this part of the
carnival celebration, is now in Sacramen
to on a similar errand and to secure the
entries of the professional riders who are
now taking part in the races there.
The reception committee, which will
have personal charge of the entertain
ment and comfort of the Presidential
party, will hold a meeting to-morrow aft
ernoon to make final arrangements. The
offer which has been made by George M.
Bowman to place his beautiful home at
Floats of Wondrous Beauty Being Prepared in San
Jose for the Gorgeous Parade in Honor of the
Chief Executive of the Nation Next Month
RIDERS ON GARLANDED WHEELS
WILL ENLIVEN THE ROSE FIESTA
Session.
NATIVES READY
FOR REJOICING
Elaborate Preparation
Participate in the
.Meeting. .
Five Hundred Delegates to
for Santa Barbara
SANTA BARBARA, April IS.— Native
Sons in all parts of the State are making
preparations to attend the twenty-fourth
annual session of the Grand Parlor, NV S.
G. W., which will open in Santa Barbara
April 22. It is expected that at least 500
delegates will be in. attendance, i Over
$4000 has been raised for entertainment
purposes, and the following programme
has been arranged: '¦..... .'
Monday, April 22 — Grand Parlor session;
local excursions; grand public reception
at night.
Tuesday— Grand Parlor session; polo;
ball at night. "
Wednesday— Parade to ¦ special train for
barbecue grounds; Grand -Parlor session,
at nijrht. - ; •-• •'-- . - ¦:
Thursday — Grand Parlor- session; ban
auet at night. . . . : . .-. . • '
Friday — General amusements and excur
sions. ¦¦•... - •
Saturday— Athletic sports.
Sunday evening there ¦'will -be -a sacred
concert. The general entertainment, in
cluding, barbecue and. games, will be free
to all visitors. All . stores of Santa Bar
bara, will be closed the day of the grand
barbecue. _ ¦ : . « • . '
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, APRIL 19, 1901.
AN* ILLUSTRATED LECTURE.— Albert J.
Le Breton -will lecture before the California
Camera Club at Metropolitan Temple to-night
on "Poems and Pictures." -The ladies of the
club Trill receive their friends in the quarters
to-morrow frcm 3 to 5 p. m. 'William Lussier
M'ill give a demonstration In the club g-allery
Sunday morning.
The Pr«nler, Dr. Koerber, replying,
said the Archduke's action was purely a
personal matter, and that his alleged re
marks were private utterances, without
constitutional responsibility. The Premier
regTetted the disrespectful attacks of the
Pan-Germans. The Premier's remarks
were interrupted by stormy shouts, criEs
of "away with Rome" and "shame" re»
sounding through the hall.
3
the disposal of Mr. and Mrs.- McKlnley
will probably be declined. It being deemed
best for the comfort of the visitors to
house them at the Hotel Vendome the one
night of their stay.
The New Almaden mines, one of the
institutions of Santa Clara County, has
announced through Superintendent Thom
as H. Derby that it will have a float in
ADVEBTISEMENTS. ;
Blue Serge Suits $7.50
Mixed Tweed Suits $10.00
¦.¦"-¦-' • ¦ ¦ • * • ¦
There's the story in a nutshell, but we want to supplement it with a few
remarks about the making of the suits, just to make your interest keener. They
have been made in our workshops by union men. In the inside pock&t of every
coat is a label that proclaims this. It is the Union label—the stamp of quality, the
symbol of fair merchandise and the<emblem of good workmanship.
As the suits are our own make you buy direct from us, the makers', and thus
actually save all the middleman's profits. You get better quality at lower prices.
Let us prove it to you. * \ V
In addition to the Union label the suits bear our own "Yeargood" label, which
protects you. The Union label is a guarantee of the workmanship— our label is a
guarantee of the material. You are doubly safe in buying here.
The serges are all wool, well dyed a fast blue, stylishly cut from the collar of
the coat to the bottom of the trousers.
The tweeds are swell patterns of checks and stripes, also fashionably cut in
this season's latest styles.
A glance at our.windows will prove interesting.
Bargain Week in Our Boys' Clothing Dep't
_^_^^ This is bargain week, in our children's, boys' and youths' de- * --^^
&M ilJIwJk partment. We call it bargain week, as the values are so strong — tf^^k
\ ifLjP The regular prices are always low in this department — when l£ J
S^Hifow The first bargain is a line of Sailor Suits for boys from 3 to 9.
The suits come in three materials— cheviots • in brown, Venetian jfflW^Hlll^Mi
ik ' blue ' nav y blue ancl red ' w * tn embroidered designs on collars and
shields; serges in Venetian blue, navy blue and red, with braid JotIm
trimmings; cassimeres in neat, '.small checks; pants lined fi'Mv
, Second bargain is a. line of two-piece suits for boys from 9 to Wlli^Mff' fllfflKlIwi^
Bill! wiS Overalls in blue and brown, well riveted, double sewing, flJji ¥!n|
llPpa*" ! — iibbkS *'-'¦ ; crotch reinforced with an extra piece, extra large bibs; ages 2 to fiSHi feSsT
_/3m i Boys' fedoras in dark and light gray, no binding on rim, $1.30. ffily^^^^lnltk
w/^r , ('/Boys' pajamas, many patterns, $1.00 a suit. ~ |?
jSsp^&sss ft • At W 1 1 1 1 1 1 & 1 1) . 4 r? k
"What toJWiar/' which \mJ I ?" '-^/ i^T X^ % ~\J'' . "^nishin"' o'rhatT
718 Market Street.
stomach, and the result is ||5
p«sa . sivc. It requires immense |||
L'jvJ refrigerating rooms (ours g§j
mm ho^ 265,000 barrels) and an even temperature of 34 ftp,
ffvtf degrees. Fermentation is" a process of months. fj\
. rTim 5 These Main 447, Sherwood &Sher-' @fr|3IMPRESSIONS GATHERED AT THE
BAY CITY CLUB BY A CALL. ART
IST. •
- SUE THEIR STEPMOTHER.— Vincent and
Geraldine Donovan filed suit yesterday, against
Lizzie M. Donovan, their stepmother, ; to .re
cover possession of property - on Ellis street,'
near Stelner, a deed to which they allege the
defendant procured from their father, ¦ Michael
J. Donovan, through the exercise of undue in
fluence. - ¦ 'v '-iC-'
Medical Students Givf Ball.
The student body of the College of Phy
sicians 'and Surgeons held a' very success
ful ball at .' Mission Parlor i Hall, . Seven-;
teenth street, j last night.'- About 1 200 stu :
dents* and lady friends were present 'The
dance programme consisted', 'of twelve
numbers, for which Spink's orchestra fur
nished • music. Light, refreshments .were
served during the intermission. The di
rectors of the affair were W. H. Walkins,
R. Lw Hursh and L.' B. Hine. G. O. Rader,
Thomas O'Connell, F. 'T. 'Brown, ¦ A:>E.
Gross, H. R.-Buell nnd H.'H.Keene com
posed the committee ' of arrangements. ¦ r
SACRAMENTO WINS.
Ninth Inning.
SACRAMENTO, April 18.— Sacramento
won to-day's game from San Francisco by
hard up-hlllflghting with a score of 6 to 5.
Senators Pull Out a Victory in the
Arrellanes, 2b 4 0 0 0 3 4' .0
Streib, lb 4 .0 0 0 12 01
/Dunleavy, .1.. £ 1 0 \ 1 1 0 1.- 0
Moore, 3b 4 0 10 1 4-1
.Held, r. f. 4 - 1 0 0 2 0-0
•Lohman, c 4 ¦ l' 0 0 3 21
Borchers, p 4 0 0 0 0 3 0
Totals 33- 3 4-. 1 24 16 o
LOS ANGELE^. . ¦ ;
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Brockhoft, 2b .4 1 ' 1 0 '4 3 0
Hutchinson, lb 5 0 2 0 12 . 0, 0
Householder, c. f.... i -•«; 1 OS 1 0
Spies, c. 2 110 4 1\ 0
C. Reilly, 3b .3 11 0 0 3 1
Kelly, ss. :....,.../.. 3 1; 1 0 1 3: 2
Swindells, r.- f 3 0-0 0 .0 0 0
"Bowman, 1. f.'. 4 0 10 3 0 0
Jones, p 4-0 0 00 1,0
'*•" Totals ............32 4 8 . 0 ",27 12 3
: HITS AND RUNS* BY INNINGS. *
Oakland ............:... CO 0 0 0 12 0 0—3
¦ Base hits ."...: 0;l 0 10 110 0—4
Los Angeles............. 0 0 0 1110 1 •— 4
Base hits.... 11 1 1 3 0 0 1 *-8
J SUMMARY.
Runs responsible for — Jones_ 1, Borchers 2.
Two-base ¦ hits — Brockhoft", ' PYancks. Sacrifice
hit— Swindells. First base on errors— Oakland
3 Los Angeles »3. First base on called balls-
Oakland 4, Los Angelos 4.. Left on bases—Oak
~land 7, Los Angeles 10. Struck out— By Borch
ers. 2, by Jones 2. Hit by pitcher— Kelly.
Do'nble plays — Borchers to -Arrellanes to Streib.
Householder to Hutchinson. Wild pitch— Jones.
Time of game— 1 hour and 50 minutes. Umpire
— Donohue. Official scorer— McFarlln.
Dr. Cole's Memory Honored.
The ashes of the late R. Beverly Cole
were placed yesterday under a tablet in
the main hall of the Affiliated Colleges
on the heights near Golden Gate Park.
A pleasing musical programme' . was
given during the evening, participated in
by Messrs. Rigel, Driscoll, W. AV. Brack
ett, L. Spencer, E. Hogan, C. Franklin,
P. A. Dunsworth, F.- A., Grifflng, G.'
Cheney, G. Kemp, Ed Sweeney, C; Becker
and M. Calish. Hiram Deckelman acted
as sire of the jinks, and a most enjoyable
evening was spent by j the 'large assem
blage. , .
- Th'e officers ' for the j ensuing- year are:
Val Ritchie, president; I., Abrahams,. vice
president; R. Oppenheimer, recording sec
retary ; Al Strohmier, financial . secretary ;
E. P. Roach, treasurer"; A. Nitschie,.trus
tee; G.' Heintz, employment | - secretary,
and J. Bianchi, sergeant at arms. /
. The Barbers' Protective Union met last
evening at Foresters' Hall in the Alcazar
building and after installing officers for
the ensuing year enjoyed the pleasantries
of a "high jinks."
The officers -elected in 'February were in
ducted Into office by "W. , Barron and H.
'A. Deckelman, and the initiatory cere
monies were witnessed by a large num
ber i of members of. the union.- ' '¦ . "¦
stalled and a High Jinks Is
Then Participated In.
Officers for the Ensuing Year Axe In-
BABBERS' UNION" '. MEMBEBS '
ENJQY MIRTH AND MELODY
In the seventh innin?, bv bunching their
hits, assisted by an error of Sheehan on
third base, the "Wasps scored four runs,
but after that they were unable to connect
safely -with Stricklett's delivery and the
Senators, scoring twice in the ninth; won
the game. Score:
"SAN FRANCISCO.
¦ • AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Hildebrand. c. f 4 12 0 3 0 0
Schwartz, 2b. 5 12 0 2 3 0
,Krug, s. s ;"..".¦ 4 11 0 4 -6." 1
Holland, 1. t 3 0 10 2 0 1
Pabst.- lb 3 0-0 0 12- 0 ---.0
Graham, c 4 0 2.021 0
Reilly, 3b. ..4 i0 - 1 0 0 2 2
Nordyke, r. f 4 1 0 0 2 0 0
Iburg, ,p.' 3 1 0/10 1 0
Totals 34 5 9 . ' 1 27 12 4
SACRAMENTO. ,- , -
:' AB. R. BH. SB.*PO. A. E.
Devcreaux, s. s. 4 1 0 2.4 40
McGucken, c. f 40102 00
Courtney, 2b 5-1 10 61 0
Hanlon, lb. 5 1 2 0 7 0 0
McLaughlln, 1. f 5 1 2 0.3 1.0
Sheehan, 3b. •:. 4 2 10 1 2 2
Stanley, c. ..4 0 0. 0 4 3 0
Mitchell, r. 1 4 0 10 0 0 0
Stricklett, p. 1 ... 4 0 0 0 0 1.0
Totals .....89 ' 6 .8 2 -27 12 2
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
San Francisco .". 0 0 1 0 0 0 4 0 0 — 5
Base hits 0,11 1 0 1 4 0 1—9
Sacramento 0 0 0 10 2 10 2—6
Base. hits..., 0 0 f .1 0 2 2 0 2— »
SUMMARY.
Runs responsible for — Strlcklett. 3, Iburg 4. .
Two-base hits — Hanlon (2). McLaughlin, Shee
han, Holland. Sacrifice . hits^-Stanley 2. First
base on errors— Sacramento 5, San Francisco
2. First base on called balls— Off Strlckett 4,
off Iberg 3. Left. on bases — Sacramento .9, San
Francisco 6. Struck out — By . Stricklett 3, by
Iburg 1. Double play — Sheehan to Courtney to
Hanlon. Time— 2:05. Umpire— J. O'Connell.
Scorer— E. C. Rutherford. . ;
Financs Committee Thinks Jail Em
ployes Are Not Entitled to
Delicacies. •
The Supervisors' Police Committee lis
tened to representatives of the San Fran
cisco Athletic Club, Twentieth Century
Athletic Club and the National Sporting
Club yesterday, all of which had filed
applications for boxing exhibitions, g The
San Francisco: Club wanted permits for
July, September and November, but ac
tion was postponed until next week, as
Chairman Tobln insisted that the club
must comply with the ordinance by pay
ing its yearly license of $1200 and also pro
duce its articles* of incorporation. Staf
ford opposed the granting of the permit
asked by the Twentieth Century Club, for
Jure.' . Action on the application of the
National -Club for July was • postponed."
Stafford : stated that he was .opposed to
granting any, more. permits to'. any club.
Manager Groom denied V>, the -v allegation'
made by Secretary. Harrington of the San
Francisco -Club that the other two. organ
izations, had combined... ¦ ,
The demands of ' Sheriff ' Lackmann I for
$34 for^oranges, bananas- and apples fur
nished-the keepers of. tho county jails
were rejected.* : Lackmann said itwas the
custom to feed the keepers with all fruits,
including; strawberries, In season. -
RIVAL FICrHTINa CLUBS :
'-;' AIR THEIR GRIEVANCES
: , ..; ; -. McMullin.
;/The wedding of Miss Mollie Thomas and
Latham McMullin i- will ;take place j on
Wednesday, May 8r at noon, at'.the"resi
dence of the bride's parents. Mr. and Mrs.
William Thomas, 2614 Pacific avenue. It
is to be a quiet wedding,' that is, for a girl
who has as many friends as Miss Thomas.
Probably, J 200 invitations : will be issued.
Miss Daisy Van Ness is to be the maid of
honor and Robert Eyre is to be best man.
There will be » no bridesmaids. E.-.M.
Greenway, Harry Hough ton,- Nat "Wilson
and Ed Sessions will be the ribbon bear
ers:''/-" '. .¦' ¦ ¦¦ ¦ '¦' .:".:'
Attendants Chosen • for Nuptials ' of
' Miss Mollis Thomas and Latham
DATE ANIJ-OUNCED FOB -
'¦[¦ \> NOON WEDDING IN MAY
writer and narrator of . stories : concerning
animals, their'. » habits jV bf living, f their
abodes,, their likes. and their dislikes, will
lecture next. Monday? afternoon at; Metro
politan Temple.. "Wherever books are read
Seton-Thompson is known for: his 'ability
to 1 write :, interesting short s stories about
the, dumb creation. Those who have heard
him once in the capacity ¦- of 1 story teller
are always .desirous of hearing him again.
The California Club," under whose auspices
the lecture .will; be gi\en^ anticipates that
Metropolitan Temple will be thronged. .
EUJSTEST-SETOIT THOMPSON ' . i
• WILL SPEAK ON ANIMALS
7 ' :¦. ,- % • ¦ ¦ ¦ — ' — ; -f« •. ¦¦¦
Successful Narrator of Stories Con
i cerning^ the _ Dumb Creation . to
• Lecture at Metropolitan Hall. ; :
Ernest " Seton-Thompson,* the successful
' Los Anrg:eles4; J Oakland 3. ' /;•
The Dudes made their initial bows at
Recreation grounds yesterday and were
so abashed and flurried over the introduc
tion that at the critical moment the team
played a successful sHrship act and Los
Angeles scored. This was in the sixth,
and the one run the Orangemen made was
enough to win the game. .
The most sensational feature was the
toppling over of "King" Kelly from below
the Tehachapi. His head instead of the
bat deflected one of . Chief Borchers'
choicest in-curves and the "King fell
over, measuring his length in diamond
dust. Seventeen men, copious draughts
of Spring Valley and the sopping of the
brow brought the monarch out of a.30- r
second sleep. When he returned from the
paradise in which there is no baseball he
asked for Morley and an out-curve. ;
It was not until the fourth inning that
either side scored. Then the Angels took
wing and sent one of the chosen over the
route.' In the fifth this was repeated* and
also In the sixth: The Dudes scored* in
the sixth when Francks rolled out a
double and came -home-later on a fielder's
choice. It was Drennan's hit in the sev
enth that tied the score. With Held and
Ijohman on the sacks Drennan drove a
far-away grounder to center and the < boy
rang' twice at the end of the inning. -
The game was -won in the eighth, the
inning in which Kelly was laid low.
Reilly got into the running on a legiti
mate hit, Kelly got hit; Swindells sacri
.ficed and Bowman made a safe. one, which
sent Reilly over the rubber.- ' ; " : ¦ ¦ :
The Dudes .had -a» difficult. time in con
necting with Jones, landing on him but
for four hits. Borchers was found for
twice as many. : The: score: • -."
OAKLAND. . -
. " ' AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. > E.
Drennan, c.f 4 01.0 000
Frar.cks.vss 4 1. 1 0 3 2 2
OBJECTED, TO HAGTIME . .
* COURTING ON BALCONY
Joseph Bellegard, a Riveter, Is Con
vlcted of Battery Committed
; • Upon S. H. Miller. :¦•
Joseph Bellegard is a riveter at the Un
ion Iron Works and is courting a girl
named Lucy. He lives at 'the Pennsylva
nia Hotel. 128 Michigan 'street, and he and
his sweetheart have been in the., habit of
playing the "Borneo- and Juliet": balcony
scene on the upper v porch of , the hotel.
After billing and cooing for a time they
always became gay and started in singing
ragtime songs and doing a turn at buck
and wing dancing. A-j ! ' :
. S. H. Miller is an engineer at the Union
Iron Works and also ' lives at the Penn
sylvania Hotel. His bedroom window
opens on the balcony, and as Belle
gard's vigorous - wooing disturbed his
slumbers he protested Wednesday night.
Just in the midst of a ragtime song Mil
ler, who was > in bed. shouted, "Oh, cut'
that out." Bellegard replied. 'Til cut
you." The noise ceased and Miller pre
pared to enjoy his disturbed slumbers
again. In a few minutes Bellegard burst
open the door of Miller'sroom and'eom
menced to punch him on the face with his
fists.- Miller, yelled for help, and Police-;
man O'Connell appeared on the- scene and
arrested Bellegard for battery.
Bellegard appeared before Judge Mogan
yesterday, and after hearing -the 'evidence
the Judge convicted him and ordered him
to appear for sentence this morning. Both
of Miller's • eyes were "clo'sed and his face
swollen to twice its natural size. .
Garneaf Recreation Park Is Settled in the-EightK Inning by a Single Run.
At Sacramento the Senators" Win by Scoring Twice in the Ninth.'xi.
..
fiehtine Ryan displayed true grit by re
fusine to" be counted out. He arose four ;
times and accepted further blows an.l
mieht have continued tout for the humane ,
action' of -Ms seconds in throwing up a
soiled towel -
thereby lost a decision. Barry was ag
gressive and meant business. Otts. how
ever, tried fancy sparring and suffered.
Dave • Gilmore,' a ybu*h who ouerht to
have been home in bed, was pitted against
hard-hitting Frank Neal, but after a half
minute of fighting Sergeant Helms stoppei
the bout and ordered Gilmore out of this
ring. His action was heartily approved
by trie disgusted ring-goers.
The final bout of the evening capped l.ha
climax of a poor night's entertainment.
Jack McCarthy of the Olympic Club/was 1
matched to fight Gus Salsbury, but the
latter was unable to apt>ear through sick
ness and* "Cyclone" Kelly and Charles
Hawley were substituted. Throughout
their four rounds of verv tame boxlnsr. the
crowd hooted the boxers and maae merry
at their expense. Kelly was awarded a
decision; but those wno saw the alleged
bout appealed to the referee to declare it
no contest. . ;
LOS ANGELES DEFEATS OAKLAND IN THIS CITY
AND SACRAMENTO WINS FROM SAN FRANCISCO
Many Alumni Gather Around Festive
Board and Listen to Witty
' Addresses.
The annual alumni banquet of the Mu
Graduate Chapter, Phi Gamma Delta, of
the State University, was held last even
ing at the Merchants' Club, 222 Sansome
street, many members of the fraternity
beinsr present.
B. J. Upham was the chairman arfd was
assisted by the following committee o£
arrangements: R. Hathorn, E. A. Sel
fridge Jr.. J. A. Marsh. Dr. Morton Gib
bons, J. Meux. P. T. Clay. J. W. "White.
W. H. Houston and R. I. White.
A fine repast was enjoyed by the mem
bers, and the pleasures of the menu were
followed by witty - and instructive ad
dresses. %V. P. Humphreys acted as
toastmaster, the toasts and speakers be
ing as follows:
"Our Fraternity." H. M. "Wright: "Delta XI
Chapter." Bryan Bell; "Our Absent Brothers."
Ralph L.. Hathorn; "Our Literary Men,."
Frank Norris; "Any Old Thing." I. I. Brown;
stories from "The Old World," Oliver Dibble:
"Tha Bell Hop," Carelton Curtis; a few
"Stunts " William H. Smith.
PHI GAMMA DELTA HOLDS
ITS AJNNTJAL BANQTJEr
George Mahoney, the notorious bunko
steerer, known as the "Irish Farmer,"
was again arrested Tuesday night on a
charge of vagrancy. Attorney Mack toM
Judge Conlan yesterday morning that
Captain Wittman had agreed to the
charge being dismissed, as Mahone y . had
promised to leave the city never to re
turn. Captain Wittman was sent for and
denied Mack's statement. He said what
he did tell Mack was that Mahoney might
leave the city if he felt* that way, but ie
would not agree to the. charge of vagrancy
being dropped. The case was continued
till Tuesday and Mahoney was released
on bail, which will give him. a chance to
lea^%
Tlie "Irish. Farmer" Arrested.
TANFORAN PARK— Thursday, April
18, 1901.— Weather fine. Track fast. .
2314. FIRST RACE— Six furlongs ; selling ;
four-year-olds and up; purse, 1 $350. '
Index. Horse, Wt, Jockey. St. %. Str. Fin.
(230S)Foul Play, 4, 106... Dom 5 3 2 1 h 11
2274 McAlbert. 6, 111 .Seel 2n 4 2 2 1
2231 Un Cadeau, 4, 108. Conley 2 1 2 2 >4 3 %
(2307)Canejo, 4, 106. ...Ransch 8 4 h 3 1 - 4 2
2005 Novia, 6, 109,... .Mounce 6 6 h 6 4 5 1
2283 G. Finder, 4, 108.Materne 7 7 1 5 Vi 6 4
2287 R. Prize. 6, 111... Bergen 9 10 9 5 7 n
1570 Lost Girl,- a. 109,. Thorpe 4 9 1 7 18 2
2290Tizona, 4, 108 HafleylO 8 >4 - 8 h ; 8 6 ,
- 2199 L. Hooker, 6, 109..Flynn 3 5 h 10 ' 10 ;
Time-U. :24%; %. :48; %, 1:14%. Good start.
Won cleverly. Second and third driving.
Winner, B. Schreiber's b. m. by Imp. Foul
Shot-Theresia. Foul Play seems to be of the
improving sort. Too far for Un Cadeau. No
via cut off soon after start. Lost Girl ran
badly. Scratched— Rainier 111, William F 108.
Betting— Foul Play. 5-2; McAlbert, 15; Un
Cadeau, 20; Canejo, 30; Novia, 11-5; Gold Find
er, 60; Royal Prize, 15; Lost Girl. 9-2; Tizona,
8; Louise Hooker, 200. ' . " .
2315. SECOND RACE— Four furlongs; maid
en two-year-olds; purse, $400. ; - ¦ ,.
Index, Horse, Wt, Jockey. St. %. Stri Fin.
2303 Irma A. 108 Gouin 4 2 2 ... 1%
2303 Redan, 108 Mounce 7 3h ... 2 2
2293 Minerva, 108 .., See 2 6 2 ... 3 1
2279 G. Greene, 113.. ..Turner 14 2 «.' 4 h .
2267 Lulette, 108 ......Conley 5 6h ... 5 4
2267 P. Crimmins, 111. Thorpe 8 7 2 ... 6 %
1830 Parizade, 108 Ransch 6 8 4 ... \7 %
2069 Lady Carlo, 108,.Fallehy 3 1 h ... 8 4
2298 You Tou. 108.. Alexander 9 9 2 ... 9 5
2237 Dan Collins, 108..BasngrlO 10 ... 10
Time— %, :23%; %, . :49. Good start. Won
ridden out. Second and third driving. Win
ner, J. Sullivan's b. f. by Rey El Santa Anita-
La Vlente. Irma A had all the Minerva
very badly handled. Lady Carlo quit.
Betting— Irma A, 7: Redan, 5; Minerva, 13-10;
Graham Greene. 10; Lulette. 7; Phil Crimmins,
10; Parizade, 15; Lady Carlo, 20; You You,
coupled with Irma A; Dan Collins, 12.
2310. THIRD RACE— Six furlongs; three
year-olds; purse, $400. j
Index, Horse, Wt, Jockey. St. %. Str. Fin.
22§0 Bard of Avon, 102.. Dom 112 1 2% 1 3
<2284)Ada N, 107 Mounce 2 4 1 4 5 2-2%
(2260) Andrattus, 102 ..Ransch 4 3 5 2 # 3 2
2293 Jim Hale, 102 Flynn 3 2 h 3 1 4 %
2265 Sublime, 107 Thorpe.5 5 5 5
Time-44, :23y 4 : %. :47%;-%, 1:13%. Good
start. Won easily. Second and third driving.
Winner, C. R. Ellison's b.- g. by The Bard-. ;
Water Lily. Winner away first and much the
best at weights. Mounce let Ada N drop out
of it first part. Andrattus no stayer. Jinx
Hale had speed. Scratched— Seide 112.
Betting— Bard of Avon, 5-2; Ada N, 1; An
drattus, 11-2; Jim Hale, 12; Sublime, 30.
2317. FOURTH RACE — Four furlongs;
maiden two-year-olds; purse, $400."
Index, Horse, Wt. Jockey. St. %. Str. .Fin.
2261 Hainault, 10S Thorpe 1 11 ,15 18
2267 Silesian. 108.. ..Dominick 4 4 3 21 2 1
2154 Pep. Sauce, 113... Turner 5 3 h 3 3 3 1
2293 Achilles. 106, Hounce 3 7 ' 51 4 4
¦ 2285 Tibs, 108..: Russell 2 2 5 6 2 5 2
2237 Wand"ng Boy, 111. Ranch 6 5 1 7 6 14
22S5 Highwayman, llL.Flynn 7 6 *,i 4 1 7
' 2082 F. Atterbury; 108... Fogg Left
Time— V*. :24%; %i :49%. Poor start. Won
easily. Second and third driving. Winner, E.
Lanigan's br. g. by St. Carlo-LJbbertiflibbet.
Hainault played in luck.. Atterbury wheeled ae
barrier went up, spoiling chances of Silesian
and Achilles. Scratched— Frank Bain 111.
Betting— Hainault, 4; Silesian, 7; Pepper
Sauce, 10: Achilles, 9-10; Tibs, 300 ; Wandering
Boy, 15; Highwayman, 150; Fred Atterbury, 100.
2318. FIFTH RACE— Mile and a quarter;
selling; four-year-olds and up; purse, $40Q.
Index. Horse, Wt, Jockey. . St.. %. Str. - Fin.
2222 St. Slmon'n, 6. 113.Turnr 5 2 3 2 VA 1 2
228S Gauntlet, 6. H0..1Iounce 1 1 % i 1V£ 2 2
2288 Twinkler. 6, 107.Matthws 2 - 3 h 4 6 3 1
2264 Topmast, a, 112... Thorpe 4 5 5 4n
r22SS The Bobby fc _4,J.03.Domn : k 3 4 4 3;^ 5. ;
:Time-4%.-S23%-, %. :51%';' %, 1:16%: '¦m'lle,
1M2%; l'/im, 2:09%. ,Good start. "Won handily.
Second and third.. .driving. Winner, ; T. Hi
Ryan's b.'lirby'St Saviour-False Queen. Win
ner well ridden and best. Gauntlet • quit the
lai?t sixteenth. . Tppmast pulled' up' lame. Bobby
no account.. , ¦
— St. Simonian, 16-5; Gauntlet, 11-10;
Twinkler, S; Topmast. 5; The Bobby, 12.
2319. SIXTH RACE— Five and 'a half fur
longs; selling; mares; four-year-olds and up;
purse. $400. I
Index. Horse, "Wt, Jockey. St. %. Str. Fin.
2302 Alas, 4, 99 Ransch 4 lh U 13
2296 Alleviate, 6, 105;..Howell 1 "4 2-43 23
2302 Spry Lark, a, 109..Mncs 3 3 2 -3% 3 2
2290 Al's Garter, 4, 106.Faunt 2 2^22 46
-2&J2 Nettle Clark; 4, .104. Fogg 5 5 16 5 3
216S Morelia, 4, 106...Materne 6 6 6 2 6
Time-1-16. :06%; %, :WA; ¦-%. :4S&;
1-4)8. Good start. "Won easily. Second; and
third driving.' Winner. H. C Ahler'a ch. m.
by Herald-Alasco. Alas plenty of speed. Sad
dle op Alleviate turned. Garter not very game.
Scratched — Genua?102. f . . ..
Betting— Alas, .8*5; Alleviate, 2; Spry Lark,
7; Alary' s Garter. 7; Nettle Clark," 20; Morelia,
60. '.' ¦ .
TRIMBLE WAS UNABLE
¦•.... TO PUT OUT STIFT
DENVER, April 18.— By ' fajr the. most
interesting fistic contests that : 'has' oc
curred in Denver for some. time took plape
at the Denver '"Wheel Club to-night, when
Ben-Trimfele of San Francisco ~fbuglit a
ten-round draw with Billy Stiff Th.e fight
i-as'fast and at' different, times it looked
as "though either-might land the "finishing
punch. StiXt was the agrgTessor^ most of
the time, but Trimble's clever blocking
and ducking kept Stift from landing with
any effect. On the. other, hand, Trimble
frequently jabbed his. right hard to Stiffs
stomach as the latter \would rush in, and
several tiroes Billy, appeared to be winded.
Trimble was loth to mix it up with Stift,
cr the result might have been different,
for there were times when the latter
seemed tired and handled himself care
lessly. Stift tried hard to land one of his
vicious swings, but Trimble was not there.
In the last minute of the' tenth round
Stift quit fighting, evidently discouraged,
and Trimble "tried to put him out, but
could not "hit him hard enough, although
he landed several, g-ood' punches.
In the preliminaries Eddie Toy of San
Francisco put out Jack Jennet of St
Louis in the fourth with a hard right on
the stomach. - '- • - .
NATIONAL BASEBALL ; .
LEAGUE OPENS SEASON
PHILADELPHIA. April 18.— The Na
tional League baseball season opened here
to-day with Brooklyn pitted against Phil
adelphia. Overhanging clouds threatened
rain throughout the .day, and the raw
and chilly atmosphere was most" uncom
fortable for players and spectators." The
visitors were more successful at- the bat
than the local team." Attendance 4500.
Score: :.?.-*; '¦¦¦<¦. ¦ . '-.'-.
Clubs— R. H. E.
Brooklyn .12 16 2
Philadelphia ................./... 7 .. 14 2
Batteries— Donovan and McCTuire: Dunn, Dug-
Bleby ftnd McFarland. Umpire— Colgan.
ST. LOUIS, April J8. — The opening: of
the baseball season . has been postponed
until to-morrow, on account of the wet
condition of the grounds at League Park.
St. Louis and Chicago were to have
played' to-day. : ...
. * ¦ / -
Lorillard Captures Stake.
LONDON, April 18.— At the ¦third day's
racing at Newmarket , to-dav the Double
Trial plate of 200 sovereigns, for two-year
olds, the winner to be. sold by auction for
200 sovereigns, five furlongs, was won by
P. Lorillard's chestnut filly Cornette, with
Danny Maher.in the s&ddle. ¦ -. ¦¦-,•,
• The Craven' stake of 5O0 sovereigns, for
three-year-olds, was won by Mr/ Russell'3
bay gelding Rigo. Sir J. BlundelL Maple's
colt Petronius, ridden bv L. Reiff, came
in third. Twelve horses ran.
Valuable Mare Poisoned.
. LEXINGTON, April IS.— The mare Sara
Maddern. five years old. ,-by,. Axtell.., dam
Marguerite, the property of the Patchen-
Wilkes Stock Farm, is dead. Symptoms
indicate poisoning. A week ago the own
ers refused $10,000 for the mare.
By F. E. Mulholland.
htmm^, HOSE race-goers who plunged on
M |* the -favorites at Tanforan Park
j yesterday— and the list was a long
II one-put in a cold, bleak, unprof-
Itable ootine of it. Of the five
choices that suffered defeat. Ada N prob
ably carried the most money. The filly
was backed down to even money favorit
ism to take the third event, a six furlong
tprint, and Bard of Avon, the second
choice, won galloping in 1:13%. Mounce
Jet the favorite fall out of it at the start,
later coming with a rush and finishing
ahead of Andrattus for the place. Mounce
explained his ride to the satisfaction of
the Judges, and Charley Maybury gave
good reasons for the improvement shown
tar the I3ard.
It was reported around in inner circles
that Novia had regained her beat form,
and the mare with Mounce up ruled fa
vorite for the first event, a six furlong
tprint. Cut off soon after the start, she
wns never a contender. -Conley on Un
Cadcau, a 20' to 1 ehot, led to the stretch,
where Dominick took up the running with
Foul Play and at the wire won cleverly
lrom McAlbert. •
See rode Minerva, favorite for the first
maiden two-year-old dash, and it was a
* v«rx cheap looking event. Only a few
dajs'ago m the Great Trial stakes tha
filly showed a world of speed, yet in this
latest essay she was beaten three lengths
in :<9. The winner turned up in Irma A,
piloted by Gouin, against which, coupled
with You You, 8 to 1 was laid. Redan ratt
a Rood second. .
. The chances of Achilles, first choice for
the second maiden scramble for two
year-olds, were ruined by Fred Atterbury.
Just as the barrier was sprung the last
named youngster wheeled around, com
pelling Mounce on "Achilles to pull up.
Escaping the mix-up, Thorpe on Hainault,
a 4 to 1 shot, went out and won easing up'
from Silesian and Pepper Sauce.
Billy Randall's Gauntlet had a decided
cail in the betting on the mile and a quar
ter selling run, closing a 11 to 10 chance.
After leading to the paddock St. Simon
ian,' which had been trailing throughout,
passed the choice, scoring very handily in
2:(#Vi. Topmast went lame, losing the
chow to Twinkler. The winner went to
the post at odds of 16 to 5. '
Alas, the 8 to 5 favorite, ran away from
hie .field in the closing five furlong dash.
Howcll, who rode Alleviate, had his sad
dle, turn, but stayed with the music pluck
ily, finishing in the place ahead of Spry
jUirk. -
To-Day's Entries.
First Race—Five and a half furlongs; four
j-ear-olds and up; selling:
2175 First Shot 111 2301 Valencienne ..112
2199 Katie Walcott.109 2305 Senator Matts.114
2308 1 Don't Know. 104 2307 John Welch....Ill
2308 Saul of Tarsus.Ill 2080 Summer 104
Second Race— Four furlongs; two-year-olds ;
purse: • ~
Coal Oil JohnyllS .... Little Devil. ...115
.... Clear Sky ....110 .... Jacqueminot ..110
.... Jennie Hughes.110 Ivine lie
.... Gerardo 113 .... St. Philippina..I10
• Twenty-Four .UM Flossies King.. 113
Third Race— Seven furlongs; three-year-olds;
celling:
22S5 Fondo 104 2295 David S 105
<2269)Prncs Titania..lO9 22S1 Rollick Ill
2305 Rasp 102 2316 Sublime 103
2269 Matilda O ..,..100 2313 Tony Lepping..lO7
2318 Flatterer ......107 2280 Triple Cross. ..102
2313 Compass 107 (2204) Moonbright ...106
Fourth Race — One and a - sixteenth miles;
purse: gentlemen riders:
.... Filon d'Or. 160 2318 Topmast ...' 160
2306 Free Lance ..160 2306 Rio Chico 163
Fifth Race— One and an eighth miles; four-
* and up;- selling: ' •
2312 Parmenion 97 2312 Don Luis 106
2306 El Mido 106 2312 Wyoming 106
2287 Merope 101 2306 Einstein ........103
¦234 La Borgia .... 95 -
Sixth Race— One mile; four-year-olds and up-
Belling:
3116 Facade 105 2302 Joe Mussle ....118
2231 Sugden ........115 "2009 Strung m
2230 Estro 103 2307 Frank Duffy 101
2289 Whaleback 105 22S9 Meadowlark 115
2289 Will Fay Ill 2307 May Boy .....'lOa
2288 Mary Kinsella.103 22S6 Barney F .. Ill
/.Probable Winners.
First Race— Valencienne, I Don't Know, Saul
of Tarsus. .
Second Race— No selections.
Third Race— Princess Titanla, Moonbright,
Rollick. .
Fourth Race— Free Lance, Rio Chico. Filon
d'Or. . ¦ t
Fifth ttaee-Wyoming, Don Luis. El Mldo.
Sixth Race— Will Fay. Barney F. Sugden.
EESULTS; OF RACING
ON" EASTEKN TRACKS
\ CHICAGO. April 18.— Lakeside summary:
First race, four and a half furlongs— Rud
Hynlcka won. Last Night second, ..Arletan
third. Time. :59>4. •
Second race, six and a half furlongs — Joe
Martin won, "W. J. Deboe second. Debrldge
third. Time, 1:23 2-5.,
Third race, five and a half furlongs— Tarsus
won, C. ' B. Campbell > second, Cora Havlll II
third. Time, 1:22 2-5.
Fourth race, fiv« and a half furlongs — Edu
cate won, Emma R second, Odnor third. Time
1:10.
Fifth race, four and a half furlongs— Tana
von,' Blue Ridge ¦ second, Edna Kenner third.
Time. :5S 3-5. -
Sixth race, mile and an «ig-hth — George Lee
won. Chancery second, Phidias third. Time,
1:6S 2-5.
CINCINNATI. April 18.-Newport results:
¦ First race, six furlongs— Miss Aubrey won,
I>r. Black second, ITterp third. Time, 1:19.
Second race, one mile, selling — Peter Duryea
¦. won, Castine second. Little Tommy Tucker
third. Time. 1:*S>A.
Thjrd race. Bix furlonps. handicap—Horse
shoe Tobacco won, J. J. ,T. second, . Tusculum
third. Time. l:20«<i.
Fourth race, half mile — Wedding March won,
Mamie English second, Montana Pioneer third.
Time. :52»4. f .;
Fifth race, seven furlongs— Jessie Jarboe
won, Lord Frazer second. Insurrection third.
Tlm«. 1:35%. .
Sixth race, .^nile and an eighth, selling-
Chub won. Alcaskey second, Banquo II third.
Time, 2:04*.
MEMPHIS, April 18.— Results:
First .race, one and a sixteenth miles, sell
lBK—El Caney won. Bequeath second, Water
crces third. Time, 1:541*. - .
' Second race, six furlongs— Vehna Clark won,
Harney second. Edith Q third. Time, 1:1S^4.
Third race, four and a half furlongs — Left
Are won, Kaloma second. Best Man third.
Time, :58%. > .
Fourth race, one mile. Turf Congress stakes
—Duelist won, Sllverdale second. "Wild Pirate
third. Time, 1:44%.
Fifth race, six furlongs, selling — Tom Col
. line won. High Jinks second, Expelled third.
Time. 1:18." ."' •
SJ*th race, one and & sixteenth miles, . sell
ing—Sun Locks won. Albert Vale second. Dleu
donne third. Time, 1:54%. .
XEW YORK, April IS.— Results at Aque
duct:
First race, five and a half furlongs—Brig
adier won. Royal Sterling second. King Bram
ble third. Time. 1:07 4-5. •;
Second race, four and a half furlongs, sell
ing—Starter won, Margie S second, Shandon
fleW third. Time, 1:57.
Third race, about seven furlongs, selling-
Gertrude Elliott won. Animosity second, Alard
third. Time, 1:25 3-5. . . -
Fourth race, the Ross stakes, four and a half
furlongs— Elsie L won. The -Hoyden second,
Miss Hastings third. Time. :56 1-5. "
Fifth race, mile and seventy yards, selling—
. Radford won. Sir Florian second. Matt Simp
eon third. Time. 1:48. ...¦-:---
Sixth race.' mile and seventy y^rds— Tyrshena
won. Double Dummy second, Robert Metcalf
third. ;TUne, 1:48 1-5.
Will KeceiveTCorintliians^ "
VALLEJO, April 15.— The Vallejo Yacht-
ing: and Rowing Club war receive the Cor
inthian Club of Tlburon on Saturday, M.iy
II, In fitting fashion. The new clubhouse
will be far enough advanced in construc
tion to entertain the quests. The plans
of entertainment include luncheon, music
and fireworks. The building Is being con
structed . by individual •' members of the
Vallejo club under the direction of Car
penter George Warford. United States
navy. Commodore W. V. . Wood is .presi
dent of the club, which numbers upward
of 100 prominent citizens of Vallejo,
THE New California Jockey Club
is now possessor, of the three
magnificent properties, Oakland,
Ingleside and .Tanforan Park
tracks. In accordance ,with the
original terms of the big turf deal
Thomas H. Williams Jr. tendered Prince
Poniatowski in his office in the Crocker
building a certified check on the London,
Paris and American Bank for $200,000. the
first Installment on the $600,000 given for
Tanforan and Ingleside tracks. Tlie
check was signed by Thomas H. Williams
Jr.. president, and R. B. Milroy as sec
retary of the New California Jockey Club.
There were present besides PresidentUil
liams when the transfer was made Prince
Poniatowski, president of the San Fran
cisco Jockey Club, and Attorneys Ach.
Ruef and Goodfellow. -
While racing will be conducted at Tan
foran Park under «»e old regime to-day,
the San Francisco Jockey Club has prac
tically ceased to exist. President Wil
liams announced last evening that
Charles F. Price of Louisville. Ky.. pre
siding steward at Oakland track, had
been appointed general manager of tha
tnree great tracks under control of tha
new turf organization, assuming his du
ties at oncel Mr. Price is eminently
fit|d for the position he will hold. For
I/ATJREL HALL CLUB •
ENTERTAINS SOCIETY
Splendid Programme and a Big Ex
ception at the Semi- Annual
Open Meeting.
The ladies of the Laurel Hall Club en
tertained their friends Wednesday after
noon at a delightful open meeting in the
rooms of the Sorosis Club, on California
street There was an excellent programme
of music and recitations and a paper of
more than usual excellence. "The Twen
tieth Century Woman," by Miss Saran i>.
Mrs. Jacob Brandt, president of the club,
received the guests, assisted by the fol
lowing ladies: .
Mrs. T W. Collins. Mrs. Nelson J. Bird.
tfBSBH
Mrs George Ross. Mrs. Hallett, Mrs. K C.
Prieben mI s. Morris and Mrs. Ringo Carmany.
The programme in full for the afternoon
was as follows: ' . : •
Paper-"The Twentieth Century ,. Woman"
. Miss Sarah D. Hamlin. _.„,„
Piano solo-^BaUade." Op.^..^ -Chopin
Contralto^olo 6 ..^.. M . ( .. 4i . iSi .^ — -------
Recitation M^.. i^ e ...™.. £^--- d -"-»
Among those present were:
•Mrs. -A Bull, Mrs.. Smiley. Mrs. Sidney U
Strletland. Mrs. W. H. Barrows. Miss Eliza
beth Bartlett. Mrs. J. M. Moss. Miss Mai
Shannon, Mrs. S. Miller. Mrs W J. Gray.
Miss Lulu McNeil, Miss Reid .Miss Amelia N.
Bliss, Mrs. C. E. Grimsky, ajrs. John Farn
ham, Mrs. Thurlow McMullin, Mrs. M. M.
Fitzgerald, Mrs. F. E. Crane, Mrs. Howard
Smith, Mrs. Sara E. Reamer, Mrs. John
Stephens, Miss Morgan. Mrs. C. R. Ga f, an '
MrS. C. H. Fhilpott, Mrs. JH. Powell. Mrs.
A. W. Brown. Miss Mary Kelleher, Mrs. M.
A. Wheaton, Mrs. M. W. Bruce. Miss Falk
enstein, Mrs. A. H. Warnecke. Mrs. J. S. Gray.
Miss Alice M. Gray, Mrs. R. L. Taylor, Mrs.
William E. Dennison. Mrs. John Bermingham,
Miss Stadtmuller,* Mrs. Field, Miss Rightmlre.
Mrs. G. Spitzv, Mrs. B. N. de Leon. Mrs.
Nelson J. Bird, Mrs. William Crocker, Mrs.
C V. Anthony,' Mrs.-B. Faymonvjile. Mrs. W.
W. Sanderson, Mrs. H. N. Solomons, Mrs. W.
Manning, Mrs. J. W. Ferry. Mrs. Miss
Ruby A. Jewell, Mrs. Robert Watt, Mrs. E. O.
Reiser. Mrs. W. I. Mack, Mrs. L. G. Wheaton.
Miss Vesaria. Mrs. L.. W... Seeley. Mrs. A.
Nickerson, Mrs. Norton, Mrs. Robert Vance,
Mrs. Julius Remmel, Mrs. George F. W °^ h -
Mrs. L. R- Tuttle. Miss Julia, Haste, Miss
Elliott Mrs H. Barrows, Mrs. Nathan H.
Frank,' Mrs.' W. R. Parnell. Mr^ Z. J. de
Haven Mrs. A. Nickerson, Mrs. X. TLemans,
Miss Ayers, Miss Landon. Mrs. G. Landon,
Mrs M A "Wills, Mrs. Swett. Miss Laidley,
Mrs' Lo*uls Welnmann. Mrs. William M. Gill,
Mr3 A J. Runyon. Mrs. C. . J. Paddock, Mrs.
Edgar A. Cohen, Mrs. Brewster, Mrs. C. W.
Thaver Mrs. Hewton. Mrs. John A. Hosmer,
Mrs F. Swett, Mrs. W. Shaw. Mrs. E. Bon
nell.' Mrs. F. H. Porter, Mrs. M. L. Frost,
Mrs L. P. Behnins.. Mrs. George C. Ross.
Miss J 'Crowe. Mrs. L. B. Ludlum. Mrs. M. V.
Lawrence. Mrs. F. L. Whitney Mrs. W. R.
Eckart Mrs. Theodore C. Smith, Mrs. J. S.
Gray Miss Jennie Hartmann. Mrs. E. C.
Prieb'er Miss Linda Prieber, Mrs. R. Car
many Mrs. Leila A. Taylor, Mrs. E. R. Tay
lor Miss Amy White, Mrs. Whiting, Mrs.
Allan B Evans, Miss Brandenstein, Mrs. James
Polk Mrs. C. J. S. Durbrow, Miss G. C.
Hutchinson. Mrs. "Watson. Mrs. "Wolfsohn. Mrs.
Karl Kreppe. Mrs. E. B. Copp. Mrs. F. L.
Wischt Miss Mabel Porter, Mrs. Malcolm John
son Mrs. Mackay, Mrs. J. W. Hoitt. Mrs.
Morrill Mrs. Hanchett. Miss Vera O'Leary,
Mrs K. Durbrow. Miss Mabel Gordon, Mrs.
Fred S. Johnson, Mrs. George H. Hooke, Mrs.
Henry Wise, Mrs. H. N. . Solomons.
years he acted as secretary and presid
ing Judge of the Louisville Jockey Clul>.
making that association a power in
Southern racing, and has presided or
been associated in the judges' stand ac
Latonia, Chicago and the other Middlo
Western tracks, where he was popular
and respected for his fairness by all
classes of horsemen.
In speaking of the future of California
racing Mr. Price said many new innova
tions will be introduced next season and
more money in stakes and prizes will be
hung up than ever bsfore. The board of
stewards will be reorganized and all de
cisions or rulings of tha judges will be
laid before them for consideration. Dur
ing the month of August Mr. Price will
take a trip East, which will be for both
business and pleasure. He will endeavor
to Induce many new stables to nead tfcts
way next season.
As before stated, this will be the last
day's racing at Tanforan under the pres
ent officials. To-morrow the officials of
the New California Jockey Club will bo
placed in control of off sirs, Joseph A.
Murphy presiding in the stand, with C. H.
Pettingill aeting as assistant Judge in tha
absence of E. C. Hopper. The chanee in
management, however, will not affect
those persons holding privileges or men in
charge of the gates, but does include thd
pool boys, a new forca being put on Sat
urday to make wagers for the fair sex.
VEREIU" EINTHACHT'S
AXNTJAL EXHIBITION
Many Guests Entertained by Singing
Section at Opening of Four
Days' Fair.
The annual fair and exhibition under the
auspices of the women of the Verein Eln
tracht was opened at Eintracht Hall. 237
Twelfth street, last night. The Interior
of the building was tastefully decoratei
for the occasion with evergreens and ban
ners anfl booths were erected around the
sides and in the center of the main hall.
The singing section entertained the guests
with popular German songa and an or
chestra furnished music for the dancers.
An especially attractive feature was the
Eintracht booth. In which all tho differ
ent sections of the society were represent
ed. Other interesting booths were tha
Turkish harem, the German village, tha
fortune-teller, the Katzenjammer booth,
the flower booth and the fancy work
booth. The fair will continue for three
days longer and new and pleasing features
will be added each day.
. The committees in charge of the fair are
as follows:
Arrangements committee— Mrs. A. Johanson.
president; Miss L. Heinicke, vice president;
Mrs. J. Hermann, secretary; Mrs. P. Ceer
kens. treasurer; J. Hermann, J. Hartmanshen.
F.^Huber.
Entertainment committee— K. Scheel, William
Scheppler, J. Loeffler.
Music committee— Miss A. Gerlchten. Mrs. L.
Steers. Louis Schelb.
Decoration committee — Mrs. E.- Thlele, WT.
Scheppler, Miss E. Miller.
Reception committee— O. Thlele, O. Ludwigr,
L. Schmidt.
Booth committee— L. Sass. H. Behrens, C.
Roeber.
FAVORITE PLAYERS EXPERIENCE
ROUGH WEATHER AT TANFORAN
Ada N Is Plunged On and Bard of Avon Beats Her
in a Canter— St. Simonian Finally Secures-a Pair
of Brackets-- Alastfie Only Successful Choice
BIG TURF DEAL CONSUMMATED
BY FIRST PAYMENT OF $200,000
New California Jockey Club Now Controls Ingleside,
Oakland and Tanforan Tracks— Charles F. Price
Made General Manager of Racing Properties
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, APRIL 19, 1901.
Bay ;City Athletic flub Presents a Fistic Exhibition That Proves a Big
Disappointment to a Large Number "of Ring-Goers-Untrainecl Youths
Brought Together and Put Up Poor: Contests—Police Interfere.
ALLEGED AMATEUR BOXERS PUMMEL
EACH OTHER FOR CHEAP TROPHIES
CALL'S RACING FORM CHART
ALLEGED, amateur boxers put up
poor exhibitions last night inja
veritable flretrap on O'Farrell
street under the auspices of the
Bay City Athletic ; Club. The
arena was pitched on the ; tbp floor, of a
stable and /the atmosnhere reeked: with
the odor of horses. The .evening's pro
gramme contained oight bouts, but in
only half that number did "the lads who
originally signed ' materialize, so others
were substituted. The exhibition did not
begin until an ' hour after the scheduled
time and the 1500 spectators who crowded
the hall waited impatiently for the man
agement to mollify the Chief of Police.
Eddie Hanlon loBt to George White on a
foul In the third round of "their contest.
Hanlon had the better of the, bout, but
gained the disapproval , of the crowd by
hitting in clinches. In tho third Ground
he accidentally or deliberately struck his
opponent low and the referee stopped the
fight and awarded it to White.
Teddy Wolff outpointed . "Red" Kelly in
their four-round bout, but weak judges
declared It a draw. Wolff has a good left
and he used it to advantage; in stopping
Kelly's rushes..
John Moran pummeled James Ryan into
submission after two rounds of indifferent
.'¦ Eugene Grossman, a pugilistic wonder
from San Rafael, met a tartar in Georga
Hammond, a' lanky box.jr from the South
Side. The . latter put up an aggressive
fight and had | Grossman dancing- stiff
legged around the ring. The judges aei
clared the bout a draw but Hammond
should have received, the decision on ag
gressiveness. "Kid" Parker made Dan
Dally quit after a round and a half of
fighting. Both youths fanned the thick
atmosphere with wild = wings. Parker was
.first to land properly and Daily did .lot
arise until counted out. "Nobby" Otts
tried to be clever witn Dan Barry and
4
OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO OO OOOOOOOO O.O OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
oooooooooooo o.o ooooooooooooo oo ooooooooooooooooooooooooooo
otioooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo_o_ci c lg^i>_ 0 _ 0 _ 0 _o_P_g_
HOW I WAS MADE A GENERAL IN THE CHINESE ARMY.
BY HOMER LEA, j
o o o ooooooooooooooooooooooooboooooooooooooooooooooooooooc
o o"o o o oooooooooooooooooooo o o oo o o ooooooooooooooooooooooo o o
0 o^™ 1 ™ ""'^^""^"^"^O OOOO 0 1~ mm^ m —^ mmm^~^ m^^ mmmmmmmmr q Q
If 'ONE' HUNDRED . iiliii THE -• -. H
So' -AND' -.IIIHI COMMUTERS ;;
SS TWENTY-FOUR S||||| AND . %i
II ¦ . . ' DAYS IN HHH THEIR II
DO ' OOOOOO OO
%% BESIEGED %%it%% $. VARIOUS Zl
II KIMBERLEY. HUH "STUNTS." ||
oo oooooo- oo
oo By E. S.Clark of San Francisco, oooooo By Isabel! Fraser. oo
oo oooooo ¦'-... oo
O o ][__ i . •— oo>a>Ma» OOOOOO O O
0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000-0000000000000
ooooooooooooooooooooooo. ooooooooooooooooooooooooooo oooooo
o ooo oo ooooooooooooooo oo-o ooooooooooooooooooooooooooaooooo
THE SUNDAY CALL
—-.APRIL THE TWENTY-FIDST— .L \ j
ooooooooooooooooooooooooooo co ooooooooooooooooooooooooooo
OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO OO OOOOOOOOOO O.O OOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
OOOOOO OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO O O OO O O OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOQ O O O O O O O
o oP 1 " 1 '^^^™ 1^"^^^ 1 ™™ 1^™™™ 1 "^^ 0 o o o o c m^^ m "^ mm^ mmm ~ m ~^^^ mm^^^ m ~' 0 o
si THE COTILLON HUH FICTION, H
II AS IIIIII FASHIONS, ¦. II
oc oooooo * O0
oo DANCED g^gggg BOOKS %%
o o • ¦ ¦ ¦ -, o o oooo o o
II-,:. 'BY,. 7=^! and is
0 NEW YORK'S liiili HUMAN INTEREST II
OO OOOOOO n n
ii FOUR HUNDRED. ittt'A STORIES. I!
o o ..:-.¦ . , . o o c o o o o o
— * n n "' 00
OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO OO COOOOOOOOO OOOOOOOOOOOOOOO O O
OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
ooooooooooooooooooooooooqooooooooo o*o ooooooooooooo o oooooo
WHOWERE THE HITTITES? j
ooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooTooooooo^ooTooooTSoo
ooooooooooooooooooooooooooo oo ooooooooooooooooooooooooooo
OOOOOOOOOOOOOOO OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO OOOOOOOOOOOO <\O OOOOOOOOCOLOX— Arrived April 15— Stmr City of
Washington, from New York. *
HONGKONG — Arrived prior to April 17— Br
stmr Buckingham, from Tacoma; stmr Olym
pic, from Tacoma.
PANAMA— Arrived April 15— Stmr Roanoke,
hence A?rll 2. . .
¦ GIBRALTAR — Passed April 16 — Br stmr
Yangtsze, for Seattle. April 18 — Br stmr Glen
farg, from Tacoma, for London.
COLON— Sailed April 14— Stmr Michigan, for
New York: stmr Finance, for New York.
PLYMOUTH— Sailed April 17— Br ship Cortez,
for Dublin.
QUEENSTOWN- Sailed Acril 17— Br ship
Port Caledonia, for Cardiff.
MAZATLAN-Arrlved April 16-Schr Hal
cyon, hence April 4.
Sailed April 16 — Stmr Colon, for San Fran
cisco. . •
HULL— Arrived April 17— Br ship Speke,
hence Nov 11. .
PORT PIRIE— Arrived April 18-Br stmr
Port Stephens, from Port Blakeley.
GUAYMAS— Sailed April 17— Stmr Curacao,
for San Francisco.
NANAIMO— Arrived April 18— Nor stmr Tlta
n!a, hetce April 12. . • -
OCEAN STEAMERS.
SOUTHAMPTON — Arrived April 13— Stmr
New York, from New York.
BALTIMORE— Sailed April 18— Stmr Enter
prise, for San Francisco.
BOSTON— Arrived April 18-Stmr Ivemia,
from Liverpool. - «• •
NEW YORK— Arrived April 18— Stmr Mesa
r>a, from. London. - - ~ ;
Sailed April 22— Stmr La Lorraine, for
Havre; stmr Deutschland, for Hamburg, via
Plymouth and Cherbourg. i
GLASGOW— Arrived April 17— Stmr Ethiopia,
fri>m New York. - - •. ¦ ¦ . ,
Sailed April 16— Stmr Sicilian, for New York.
- PORT PIRIE— Arrived April 18— Stmr Port
Stephens, from Port Blakeley.
QUEENSTOWN — Arrived April 18 — Stmr
Commonwealth, from Boston, for Llverpoool;
Btmr Germanic, from New York, for Liverpool.
Sailed ADril IS — Stmr Teutonic, from . Liver
pool, for New York, i- . » '
LIVERPOOL- Sailed April 17— Stmr Ikbal.
for Philadelphia. April 18— Stmr Cambroman,
for Ecston. ¦ • ••-..'.."
LONDON — Sailed April 18 — Stmr Theano, for
Sault Ste Marie; stmr Loyalist, for, Halifax,
N S, and St John, N B.
SWANSEA— Called April 18— Stmr Leafield,
for Sault Ste Marie.
TORY ISLAND— Passed April 18— Stmr On
tarlan, from Philadelphia, for Glasgow.
NAPLES — Arrived April • 18— Stmr - Trave,
from New York, via Gibraltar, for Copen
hagen, and proceeded.
BREMERHAVEN — Sailed April 18 — Stmr
Dresden, for Baltimore.
ROTTERDAM— Sailed April 18— Stmr Potts-
for Boston.
FRIDAY, APRIL 13.
Sun rises ; 5:29
Sun eets .• 6:48
Moon sets 3:0S p. m.
Steamer Movements.
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given In the left
l:and column and the successive ; tides of the
day in the order of occuiTence as to time of
day; the third time column gives the la-st tide
of the day, except when there are but three
tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights given
are In addition to the soundings on the United
States Coast Survey charts, except when a
minus (— ) sign precedes the height, and then
the number given is subtracted from the depth
given by the charts. The plane of reference
h the mean of thc lower low waters. -
TO ARRIVE'.
TO SAIL.
. The first of the Nome fleet will get away
to-morrow. The Pacific Steam Whaling
Company's Jeanie leaves about noon for
the gold fields with a big crowd of passen
gers. She is to call at Seattle on the way
and will leave that port on the 26th inst.
The Government has made a mail con
tract with the Steam Whaling Company,
and the Jeanie and Nome City will carry
a regular letter and newspaper mail to all
£ome points. The Nome City will. leave
Seattle on the 27th inst. Last year the
Jeanie^ was the first passenger steamer
Into Nome, and Captain . Mason says he
Intends repeating the run this year.
Pat Hirrel, a fireman on the steamer
Water Front Notes.
The steamship Australia, Captain Law
less, eleven days from, Tahiti, arrived in
port last night and Is tied up at the
Oceanic wharf. The Australia had a par
ticularly good passage and put in a day
ahead of her schedule time. She brought
twenty-two passengers and a miscella
neous cargo, .principally vanilla.
Following is the list of cabin passengers:
Lieutenant P. Colllard. Judge R. Vig;ne. G.
L. Kennedy. Mrs. Kennedy. Princess Pomare,
Mrs. Atwater, A. T. Srander, M. Kurka, W.
' H. Benteen, P. joutn, ' Mrs. Jouin, Jeanne
Jouln, Peter Jouin. ixsrmaln Jouin.
Australia's Quick Passage.
The Monitor was built in 1862. but has
always,, been conslderd a stout old vessel.
Captain Donnelly was in command and
was accompanied by his wife. The bark
entine, being' lumber laden, may have
been partially dismasted and driven off
shore. In that event the only trouble
would be over running short of provisions.
People along the front are beginning to
wonder what has become of the old bark
entine Monitor. She sailed frqm Grays
Harbor twenty-six days ago in company
with the schooner Letitia. The latter
made the run to San Francisco in six
days. She parted from the Monitor In a
northwester. Kothlng has been heard of
the barkentine since and fears are en
tertained for her safety.
Barkentine Monitor Overdue.
Ventura Sails for Australia.
The Oceanic Steamship Company's Ven
tura sailed for Sydney. N. S. W., via
Honolulu, Pago Pago and Auckland, yes
terday. She was crowded with passen
pers and had an immense cargo of freight.
Many of those aboard are for the Islands
but the through list for Sydney Is very
large for this time of the year.
p-rj-^HB United States army transports
|| Lawton and Rosecrans were re-
I leased from quarantine yesterday
Jt morning and later In the day an
chored off the Government wharf.
The officers and cabin passengers were
brought ashore on the Slocum, while the
men "were sent to the Presidio on the river
steamers Resolute and Grace Barton.
Besides the cabin .passengers, whose
names were published In yesterday's Call, ¦
the Lawton brought from Manila twenty
nine officers and 642 men of the Thirty-'
ninth Infantry, one prisoner and elx stow
aways. The itosecraxLS brought, ten ' of
ficers and 281 men of the Thirty-fifth In
fantry, 260 casuals and discharged men,
two men of the marine corps, twenty-two
ex-Government employes, nine cabin pas-
Eeng/ers and five deported men.
The deported men are classed by the
authorities at Manila as "worthless."
They were too lazy to work and not
ashamed to beg. One of them Is a son of
Genera! Maceo, the Cuban patriot, and to
hear him talk one would think he was go
ing to raise a email rebellion on his own
account 'when he reaches Havana. His
name is Santiago Maceo and he went to
the Philippines from Cuba about a year
ago. For a time be acted as an Inter
preter for the liacabebe scouts, but the
Government found he was playing both
ends against the middle and discharged
him. The young fellow finally grew so
troublesome and obnoxious that he was
deported.
Among those who came up on the Kdse
crans were Lieutenant Colonel Walsh,
Major A- Lams, Major Dr. Matzget, Cap
tain Prescott. Captain Aldrich. Captain
Bucker, Lieutenants McNamara, Varis,
Fisk, Lefort, Chaplain, Swift, Harrison,
Malay, Cecil Humphreys and A. J. Gies,
Mrs. Guthrie, Mrs. Ehewbridge. O. F.
Cross, C. B. Prosprey, Fred Reed. P.
George. C. F. Brown, A. Dillard; M. Olsen.
P. Hopkins, A. Anderson, George Curtis,
H. E. Crow, John W. Foster, A. Carlson,
L. C. Painter. William Kelly. Peter Wink
ler. F. D. Henry. 'Walter Allen. W. E.
Thornton. W. K. Staler. Frank Jones, Jo
seph A. Wells and L. J. Wickett.
The Rosecrans left here in September
last, and in the meantime has been car
rying prisoners to Guam and Subig Bay
and provisions to Taku. Among the men
taken to Guam were generals, colonels,
majors, captains and civilians, one of the
latter being Mabini, Agulnaldo's secretary
of state.
On her way from Honolulu the Lawton
passed the Oceanic Steamship Company's
Mariposa on April 11, at 1 p. m. On April
14 the British bark Vanduara. forty-eight
days out from Caleta Buena for San
Francisco, was spoken in latitude 32 de
grees 28 minutes north, longitude 135 de
grees 58 minutes 30 seconds west The cap
tain wished to be reported "all well."
The Lawton had a narrow escape two
days before leaving the Philippines. She
was backing out from Nasugbu Bay un
der a slow bell and struck a sunken rock.
Luckily the engineer had his hand on the
throttle and promptly shut off steam, the
vessel getting off with a severe bump.
The navy transport Solace will probably
get away for Manila to-day. All her
stores are in and everything Is In readi
ness for a start. --
The horse transport Arab ¦will be here
for several wesks. Twelvt new furnaces
:have been ordered from New York for
her, and until they arrive repairs cannot
be made. The Arab, it will be remem
bered, broke down soon after leaving here
with horses for Manila and had to put
back. She was passed as ready for sea
fejr the Inspectors of hulls and boilers at
Seattle.
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED. |
Thursday, April 18.
Stmr Australia, Lawless, 12 days from Pa
peete.
Btmr Geo Loomis, Bridcett, 34 hours from
Ventura.
Stmr Santa Barbara, Jamleson, 38 hours from
San Pedro.
Stmr Point Arena, Hansen, 14 hours from
Mendoclno.
Stmr Coquille River, Green, 35 hours from
Ventura.
Stmr Samoa, Gunderson, 25 hours from. Eu
reka. .
Stmr Gipsy, Leland. 22 hours from Monte
rey.
Stmr Santa- Rosa, Alexander, 40 hours from
San Diego. v
Etmr South Coast, Olsen, 26 hours from San
Pedro.
Bark Gerard C Tobey, Gove, 25 days from
Honolulu.
Schr Maggie C Ruse, Kallenberg, 12 days
from Port Gamble.
Schr Bertie Minor. Ravens, 26 days from
Honolulu: bound to Eureka: put in in distress.
Schr Coquille, Anderson, 27 days from San
Pedro: bound to Coquille River; put in to land
a sick sailor.
Schr Endeavor, McAllep, 7 days from Port
Gamble.
CLEAEED.'
Thursday, April 18.^
Stmr Ventura, Hayward, Honolulu and Syd-*
nev; J D Spreckels & Bros Co.
Stmr Corona.' Gielow, San Pedro; Goodall.
Perkins & Co.
Stmr North Fork, McLellan, Eureka; Chas
Nelson.
Stmr Pomona, Shea, Eureka; Goodall, Per
kins & Co. . ¦?
Stmr Geo F ' Haller. Haaven. Bristol Bay;
Xorth Alaska Salmon Co.
Nor stmr Kvarven, Kanitz, Comox; Cal &
Oriental SS Co.
Schr Laura May. Johnson, Bristol Bay;
North Alaska Salmon Co.
Bchr Gem, Johnson. Bristol Bay; C Johnson.
SAILED.
• -Thursday, April 18.
Stmr Ventura, Hayward, Honolulu and Syd
ney. ¦ . ¦ - - . ¦ - - ¦ . ¦ '¦ ,
Btmr Arcata, Nelson. Coos Bay. . ¦ *
Etmr Geo W Elder. • Randall. Astoria.
Stmr Pomona, Shea, Eureka.
Stmr Aberdeen, Jensen, .
Stmr North Fork, McLellan. Eureka.
Stmr Whitesboro, Olsen. .
Stmr Mackinaw, L.ittlefleld. Seattle. -
Stmr Santa Barbara, Jamleson. Eureka.
Stmr Coquille River, Qreen, .
• Stmr Navarro, Hansen, .
Br bark Kllloran. Jones. Queenstown.
Schr Amethyst. Zimmerman, Waldport.
Schr Mary C. Campbell, Fort Ross.
Schr Laura May, Johnson, Bristol Bay.
SPOKEN.
Per TJ S stmr Lawton—April 14. lat*33 28 N.
Ion 135 SS W —Br ship Vanduara, from Caleta
Buena, for San Francisco.
Per BChr Eva—April 11, lat 37 12 N. Ion 132 10
W—Ship Sintram. hence April 3, for Lorlng.
April 4. lat 49 N. Ion 6 W—Fr bark La
Bruyere, from Shields, for San Francisco.
MEMORANDUM.
'Per schr Bertie Minor, from Honolulu, April
18—On April 16. In lat 33 26 N. Ion 129 W, in a
strong NW rale, versel sprung a leak. Put
into San Franciaco for repairs. ,
TELEGRAPHIC. *
POINT LOBOS, Acril 18. 10 p m—Weather
hazy; wind west, velocity 12 miles per hour.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
ROCKPORT—Arrived April 18—Stmr Scotia,
hence Ajiri! 17.
SAN PEDRO—Sailed April 18—Stmr San
Pedro, for San Francisco.
EUREKA—Sailed April 18—Schr Eureka, for
San Francisco.
ASTORIA—Sailed April IS—Stmr Columbia,
for San Francisco; Br ship Thistle, for Queens
town.
Arrived Apr IS —Stmr Alliance, hence Apr 12.
COOS BAY—Arrived April 18—Schr Glen, hnc
April 4. .
Sailed ADril 17—Schr Melancthon. <for San-
Francisco. - »
POINT LOBOS—Passed April 18. 12 noon—
Stmr Westport. from. Eureka, for San Pedro.
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived April 17—Schr
C H Merchant, from Salinas Cruz. April 18—
Schr Eric, from Honolulu. . . ¦
Sailed April 17—Bktn Chas F Crocker, for
Kobe.
Arrived April 18—Schr Eric, from Honolulu. -
PORT LUDLOW—Arrived April IS—Schr C H
Merchant, from Port Townsend; bktn Skagit,
from Honolulu. •
FORT BRAGG—Sailed April 18—Stmr Na
tional, for San Francisco. ¦ . -
• TILLAMOOK—Arrived April 18—Stmr W H
Kruser. hence April 14. * • -i »>•-•¦;.
TACOMA—Sailed .April 18—Ger ship Nereide.
'or Queenstswn; bark Levi G Burgess, for San
Franeslco. . - _ -- ' . .
ISLAND PORT.
HILO—Sailed April 5—Bark St Katherine,
for San Francisco. *
' FOREIGN PORTS.
OYSTER ] HARBOR—Sailed April 18—Stmr
Hyades, for San Franclsso.
VICTORIA—Arrived April 17—Br Btmr Aor
angi, from Sydney. - ;• .
The cteamer Ventura sailed yesterday for
Sydney and way ports with a general cargo
valued at 1195,672. exclusive of the shipments
to Honolulu, and manifested as follows: For
Australia, $118,643: New Zealand, $66,853: Sa
moa, J2740; FIJI Islands, J226; South Africa,
$7210. The cargo included the following:
For Australia— 12 cs ammunition, 10 cyls am
monia, S3.600 lbs biuestone, 19S2 cs canned
soods, 158,774 lbs coffee, 12 cs drugs, 14,675 lbs
dried fruit, 30 cs dry goods, 12 cs electrical sup
plies, 5149 doors, 21 cs fuse, 23 plcgs groceries
and provisions, 203 cs hardware, 94,674 It lum
ber, 48 pkgs ieather. II pkgs machinery. 26S
pkgs 112 cs metal polish, 365 rolls 163 bales
newspaper, 17 bales overalls, 300 bbls 25 cs
oil, 78 pkgs paint, 13S5 cs rolled oats, B10 cs
shoes, 3S cs scales, 10 cs salmon, 22,400 lbs
shot.
For New Zealand — 4 cs arms and ammunition,
28 crs bicycles and sundries, 331 cs canned
goods, 3000 It>s coffee, 24 pkgs car material, 1000
lbs codfish. 22,275 lbs dried fruit, 43 cs electrical
supplies, Bl pkgs machinery, 282 rolls 2S bales
newspaper, 12 bales overalls. 165 bzs raisins,
344 cs salmon. 5S cs shoes. 100 cs whisky.
Ftor Samoa — i080 lbs bread, 300 lbs beans. 30
cs canned goods, 250 lbs dried fruit, 42 bbls
flour, 141 pkgs groceries and provisions, S kegs
nails, 30 cs 15 half-bbls salmon, 6 bdls shovels,
9235 lbs rice, 5000 lbs euear.
For Fiji Islands— £ cs canned goods, 50 cs sal
mon, 100 lbs dried fruit.
For South Africa— <5oO cs salmon, 17,775 lbs
dried f nilt, 1350 cs canned . fruit.
The Ventura's Cargo.
The barks S. C. Allen and W. B. Flint and
the barkentlne S. G. Wilder will load merchan
dise for Honolulu; the Carondelet, lumber at
Port Ludlcw for "West Coast, prior to ar
rival; the Stlllwater, lumber on Puget Sound
tor Cape Town, Dt-lagoa Bay or East London,
66s, prior to arrival.
NEWS OF THE OCEAJT.
Queen, -was badly burned yesterday. He
opened a tin of gasoline, thinking it was
kerosene, and the gasoline exploded.
The new schooner Mlndoro is to be
launched from Hay & Wright's yards at
Alameda Point next Saturday.
TIME-EXPIRED SOLDIERS COME HOME
FROM THE PHILIPPINE ISLANDS
Transports Lawton and Rosecrans Bring/Back More Than Twelve Hundred
Officers and Men of the Thirty-Fifth and Thirty-Ninth Infantry—Santiagb
Maceo, Son of the Cuban General) Deported Because of Bad Conduct.
ARMY TRAXSPOKTS IAWTON AND BOSECBANS JTJST AFTER ARRIVING FROM MANILA. NAVY TRANSPORT
SOLACE READY FOR SEA AND THE CHARTERED TRANSPORT ARAB, WHICH BROKE DQWN AT SEA
AND HAD TO RETURN HERE FOR REPAIRS: .
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, APRIL ? 19;' 1901.
NOTE— The nigh and low waters occur- at
the city, front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide is the same at both jlaces.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
united States Coast and Geodetic Survey —
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.' . " ' ¦¦ . .»
5
Time Time Time . Time
Date Ft. Ft. Ft. — i — Ft.
L \W H "W t, W H W
19... 6:31—0.8 12:27 5.2 5:27 1.9 11:41 63
20... 6:22—0.9 1:24 5.1 6:12 2.2 .
H W L W H W L, W
II ... 0:27 6.3 7:13—0.9 2:21 5.0 7:03 2.6
22... 1:15 6.1 8:10-0.8 3:20 4.9 7:58 2.9
23... 2:15 6.9 9:09—0.5 4:22 4.8 9:10 3 2
24... 3:08 5.6 10:10—0.2 5:25 4.9 10:30 3 2
25... 4:16 5.0 11:11 0.2 6:21 5.0.11:52 2.8
Steamer.
From.
Due.
South Coast Humboldt
Argo.. Coqullle River j...
Eureka.. Humboldt
Acme San Pedro ... ........
Del Norte Crescent City
Mattewan Tacoma ., "
San Pedro San Pedro
Progreso Tacoma
Columbia ;. Portland and Astoria.'.
Rainier Seattle & N. Whatcom
Hyades Oyster Harbor.
Empire Coos Bay .¦
Pomona....;.... Humboldt .' ........;
Bonlta , Newport
Queen San Diego.... ;
Tanis Hamburg & Way Pts..
Tltania Nanalmo j .....;....
City of Puebla.. Puget Sound Ports
Crescent City... Crescent City .;..
Colon Panama' & Way Ports.
Newburg........ Grays Harbor "..
Alliance .'...Portland and Coos Bay
Arcata.. Coos Bay
Mandalay Coqullle River ..........
Mariposa... Honolulu
North Fork.:... Humboldt
Corona Newport
Washtenaw Tacoma
G. W. Elder.... Portland & Astoria....
Santa Kosa San Diego
Point Arena Point Arena..
|Apr. 19
Apr. 1»
Apr. 19
Apr. 19
Apr. 19
Apr. 20
Apr. 20
Apr. 20
Apr. 20
Apr. 20
Apr. 20
Apr. 21
Apr. 21
Apr. 21
Apr. 21
Apr. 21
Apr. 21
Apr. 22
Apr,. 22
Apr. 22
Apr. 23
Apr. 23
Apr. 23
Apr. 23
Apr. 24
Apr. 24
Apr. 24
Apr. 24
Apr.' 25
Apr. 25
Apr. 25
Steamer.
Destination.
[Sails. I Pier.
Acme....
Robt. Dollar..
Corona
City of Para-
Sari Pedro....
Argo
Point Arena..
Jennie
Leelanaw
Santa Ana
Eureka
ITmatllla
Santa Rosa...
April 'ID.
Tillamook Bay
Seattle .......
Newport
Panama & Way.-..]
April 2O.
Humboldf ......
Coquille River......
Point Arena .......
Nome via Seattle..
N. T. v. Panama.
April 21.
Seattle & Tacoma.
Humboldt ..:.......
Puget Sound Ports.
San DIeg-o
April 22.
Tahiti direct.. ..
April 23.
Humboldt ..¦...:;...
Newport
Seattle & N. What.
Astoria & Portland
April 24. •
San JJiejfn ..;;
, April 25.
Coos Bay
China & Japan.....
- April 2O.
Grays Harbo.r. .'....
I I .
12 m Pier 13
5 pm Pier 2
S am Pier 11
12 m PMSS
2 pm Pier 2
4 pm Pier S
2 pm Pier i
2 pm OilWk
2 pm Pier M
10 am Pier 2
» ampfier U
II amlPler 9
9 am Pier 11
4 pm Pier 7
2 pm Pier . 9
9 am Pier 11
5 pm Pier 2
11 am Pier 24
9 am! Pier 11
112 mlPior 13
1 1 pm PMSS •
i Pier —
Australia.....
Pomona — "...
Bonlta........
Rainier..*.....
Columbia......
Queea.. .......
Arcata '..
Doric
Newburgr..... {
Time Time Time . Time
Date Ft. Ft. Ft. — i — Ft.
L \W H "W t, W H W
19... 6:31—0.8 12:27 5.2 5:27 1.9 11:41 63
20... 6:22—0.9 1:24 5.1 6:12 2.2 .
H W L W H W L, W
II ... 0:27 6.3 7:13—0.9 2:21 5.0 7:03 2.6
22... 1:15 6.1 8:10-0.8 3:20 4.9 7:58 2.9
23... 2:15 6.9 9:09—0.5 4:22 4.8 9:10 3 2
24... 3:08 5.6 10:10—0.2 5:25 4.9 10:30 3 2
25... 4:16 5.0 11:11 0.2 6:21 5.0.11:52 2.8
Steamer.
From.
Due.
South Coast Humboldt
Argo.. Coqullle River j...
Eureka.. Humboldt
Acme San Pedro ... ........
Del Norte Crescent City
Mattewan Tacoma ., "
San Pedro San Pedro
Progreso Tacoma
Columbia ;. Portland and Astoria.'.
Rainier Seattle & N. Whatcom
Hyades Oyster Harbor.
Empire Coos Bay .¦
Pomona....;.... Humboldt .' ........;
Bonlta , Newport
Queen San Diego.... ;
Tanis Hamburg & Way Pts..
Tltania Nanalmo j .....;....
City of Puebla.. Puget Sound Ports
Crescent City... Crescent City .;..
Colon Panama' & Way Ports.
Newburg........ Grays Harbor "..
Alliance .'...Portland and Coos Bay
Arcata.. Coos Bay
Mandalay Coqullle River ..........
Mariposa... Honolulu
North Fork.:... Humboldt
Corona Newport
Washtenaw Tacoma
G. W. Elder.... Portland & Astoria....
Santa Kosa San Diego
Point Arena Point Arena..
|Apr. 19
Apr. 1»
Apr. 19
Apr. 19
Apr. 19
Apr. 20
Apr. 20
Apr. 20
Apr. 20
Apr. 20
Apr. 20
Apr. 21
Apr. 21
Apr. 21
Apr. 21
Apr. 21
Apr. 21
Apr. 22
Apr,. 22
Apr. 22
Apr. 23
Apr. 23
Apr. 23
Apr. 23
Apr. 24
Apr. 24
Apr. 24
Apr. 24
Apr.' 25
Apr. 25
Apr. 25
Steamer.
Destination.
[Sails. I Pier.
Acme....
Robt. Dollar..
Corona
City of Para-
Sari Pedro....
Argo
Point Arena..
Jennie
Leelanaw
Santa Ana
Eureka
ITmatllla
Santa Rosa...
April 'ID.
Tillamook Bay
Seattle .......
Newport
Panama & Way.-..]
April 2O.
Humboldf ......
Coquille River......
Point Arena .......
Nome via Seattle..
N. T. v. Panama.
April 21.
Seattle & Tacoma.
Humboldt ..:.......
Puget Sound Ports.
San DIeg-o
April 22.
Tahiti direct.. ..
April 23.
Humboldt ..¦...:;...
Newport
Seattle & N. What.
Astoria & Portland
April 24. •
San JJiejfn ..;;
, April 25.
Coos Bay
China & Japan.....
- April 2O.
Grays Harbo.r. .'....
I I .
12 m Pier 13
5 pm Pier 2
S am Pier 11
12 m PMSS
2 pm Pier 2
4 pm Pier S
2 pm Pier i
2 pm OilWk
2 pm Pier M
10 am Pier 2
» ampfier U
II amlPler 9
9 am Pier 11
4 pm Pier 7
2 pm Pier . 9
9 am Pier 11
5 pm Pier 2
11 am Pier 24
9 am! Pier 11
112 mlPior 13
1 1 pm PMSS •
i Pier —
Australia.....
Pomona — "...
Bonlta........
Rainier..*.....
Columbia......
Queea.. .......
Arcata '..
Doric
Newburgr..... {
lust a little better,
than anjr other train
' , —a little better service- 1 - .
a more homelike
feeling on the
CALIFORNIA
LIMITED
than you find elsewhere,
and It runs like this
LEAVES SAN FRANCISCO
9 an Mon Tues Wad Thur Fri Sat Sun*
ARRIVES CHICAGO
2.15 pm Thur Fri Sat Sun Mon Tues Wed
75 HOURS TO CHICAGO
r ON THE
SANTA FE
EAILWAY TRAVEL.
MOUNT TAMALPAli5 RAILWAY
Via Siusalito Ferry— Foot of Market St. " '¦':¦¦ , ..
lv. san rn an. ' . tn.'ttN rniN.
? : «i* *J-l»— --WEEK DAYS.. ..........( 2:22^JJ-
4:00 p. m. ) Stay over nigh tat the tavern ( 10:35 a. m.
8:00 a. m.1 , f 1:00 p.m.
10:00 a. it. ( > STJXDAYS J 3:00 P - M -
11:30 a.m. f" SUNDAYS v — 1 , 4:2S P.M.
1:15p.m.J • •-•' . I 5:55p.m.
Tare. San Franasco to Summit and Return. $1.40.
Ticket Omces. 621 Market St., <fe Sausallto Ferrr.,
Via Sausallto Ferry.
; Commencing: September 30, 1900. '
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL. VALLEY
.. , AND. SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 8:55,' *9:15, 11:00 a. m., n:45,
3:15, 4:00. 5:15, *6:15, 6:40 p. m.
EXTRA. TRIPS— For Mill Valley and San
Rafael' on Mondays, Wednesdays and Satur-
days at 9:00 and 11:35 p. m. -
SUNDAYS-'8:00, »10:00. ¦ »ll:30 -a. m.,~ 'lAo,
3:15, *4:45. 6:30, 9:00 p. m.
Trains marked (?) run to San Quentln. .
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DATS— 5:20, *6:30, 7:45, 9:30 a. m.,
•12:30 1:45, *3:30, 4:30, 5:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, "Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 6:45 and 10:20 p. m.
- SUNDAYS— 6:20, »8:00. 'IOiOO. *11:43 a; m.,
•1:40 *2:15. 4:45, *6:30 p. m. - . -
Trains marked (•) start from San Quentin. ! i
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DATS— 5:45, 6:45, 7:55, 9:30 a, m.,
12-35, 2:10, 3:30, 4:54, 5:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on ' Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS — 8:05, 10:05 a. m., 12:05, 2:15, 3:30,
B-CO 6:45 P. rn. . .
6 ;^' -THROUGH TRAINS. >
6:55 a. m. week . days— Cazadero and ¦ way
stations. ' • '•_','
1:45 • D. rn. Saturdays' — .Tomales and way
stations. ¦ ¦- '
,8 a. m. Sundays— Tomales and way. sta-
tions. ¦ . ¦ ."»' •' * :,;
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
tttfi Fa*
T* ' ; ' • ' ' '
I Tains— Daily.
Leave Market-Street Ferry Depot,
Local LJro'd Ovrl'd Local
Daily. Daily. Daily. Dally.
Lv. San Fran 7:20 a 9:00 a 8:00 p 4:20 p
Ar. Stockton. 10:25 a 11:45 a 11:05 p 7:25 p
¦ '• Merced .. 12:25 p 1:17 p l:15.a
" Fresno .. 2:20 p 2:35 p 3:03 a .......
" Hanford 4:22 p 3:27 p 7:06 a
" Vlsalia .: 4:10 p 4:10 p 4:45 a ...
. " Tulare .. 4:27 p 4:27 p 5:03 a .......
" Bksfleld 6:50 p 5:20 p 7:30 a ...
" Kan City 2:41a 7:30 a .......
"Chicago......... 2:15 p 9:00 p .......
a for mornins. . p for ' afternoon. 7
9:00 a. m. train' is the California Limited
Carrying Palace Sleeping Cars and Dining
Cars through to Chicago. Chair Car runa
, to Bakersfleld for' accommodation of local
first-class passengers. No . second-class
tickets are honored on this train. Corre-
sponding train arrives at 5:55 p. m, daily.
4:20 p. m. is Stockton Local. Correspond-
ing train arrives at 11:05 a. m. dally.-
3:00 p. m. Is the Overland Express, with
through Palace and Tourist Sleepers and
free Reclining Chair Car. also Palac*
Sleeper, which cuts out at Fresno. Corre-
sponding train arrives at 5:55 -p.: m. dally
7:20 a. m. Is Bakersfteld Local. • stopping
at all points in San Joaquin Valley. Corre-
sponding train arrives at S:40 a. m. dally
Offices— 641 Market street and in Ferry
Depot, San Francisco; 1118 . Broadway.
Oakland.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC.
Train* Intro nml are «]¦•<• la nrrlxni
NAN MIANl'IMCO.
(Main line. Foot of Market Street)
!Jav» — From A?ml 14; 1301. — Am»rr»
7:30a Benlcla, Sulsuu, Elmira, VacaTUl*.
Ramsey and Aacrsuiento 7>S9p
*:SOa DarU. WoodUnd. Knights L»ndlns.
Marysrille. orotilla.. 7iS.lv
7>30a Atlantic Kxpress — OsJjn and Ernst 13i*3p
S.-OttA Martinez, Situ Ummiu, Vullejo, Naps,' '
Caliatogit ami Santa Uoa* «;23»
S:OOa LiTensorx, Stockton. Ilai-ford, VUm.
1U, l-orter>iU« .-. 4i2.ir
8:UOa Kilrs. Lathiop. Merced. Frusuo. B*-
ktrafieia -t-.aSr
S:8f>A Shasta Expreas-DaTis, WiUIams (for
Bartlett Springs), Willows, Bed
Biuff, l'orUand. 7iOS»
SiXOa San Juno, Liiermore, Htookton.
I lone, Sacranifiitii, riaeerrills.
ll»rjs»Ule, Chics Ite.l Hluir 4>S9r
Si30a Oakdalr, Chinese (Yosemlte), So-
nora, Cartcri <:2-Tp
ViOAa Hajwarila, NilnaDd Way HUtion*. I Is.ISa
l»:«o a Los Aneales Express — Martlnes,
Tracy, Ljktlirnp. Mtockton. Merced
Fresno mud Los Aiigules 7:53fc
O:»»a V»lii.j(.. Martinez ait<l Wny Htatloiu 0i3Sr
1 O:«»a The Orerhml I Jmited-Ocdec, Den-
ver, Uiuaba. Chicago 0t.1Sy
fliOOr 8*cr».iiBi.ti. Kl.er Hte>iiu«ra t'"*>O fl A
*:3»r Usywarda. Nllrs aud Wsy Ktstinns. T.SSr
3:3»p r"ort Coit*. M*rtlmz Lathrop, Her-
eed ; Be rend* (Yoaeml e), Frtsao.. ? :23 r
4i00p ll^uicla, Wiuccra, HaeramsuUi,
VVtMitllMid. Knlithls l_»uUIii».
M.nrn.Ill.-, Oro.ille...... IO:»3a
4tO«r Martinez. Man IU1110... Vallejo.
Nitpn. tfelUtnica, Hmiti* llofa WiSS^
4 rOOp Nile.«, Lirermore, Stockton, Lodl. .. I AiSSa.
¦lillitr Hajwitda, Mien Han.liuie.LlTirmora (SiAftA
3:«op Tim Owl limited— Tracy. Btcekton.
Kreano, ItakersHeiil. .Sanguo (or
Santa Baibara. Los Angeles ...... . S.-SSa
ffstxlr Ilaynardit, Miles aud Mail Juse 7i3->4
f«!OOr Vulfejo lliA34
« <««p Oriental Matl-Ogdeu. Chfjenno.
Omaha, Clilogi. '. laiS-ir
•tOOp Orloi.tal Mail — Ogdeo. DenTer.
Omil)», Chloago. 4it3r
7:OOpOreK<»iaud CalUurnla Ki|>riiiw,Haa.
Miiieiitu. M»rj»»il!«. Ke.l.lliiK.
roriun.1. r.igri M«,,.a .,,,t k m , a,.%3A
SiOSp San P*b"o. 1'ort <.'o»ta, Ilartlsez
sn.l \V*i fJtstious 11<»Sa
|8rt>ap Vallcjo 7i33r
" COAST LINE (.farrow Ua»xe).
' ' (Foot of Market Street.) '
. t<si*A 8*iiU Unu Kxcan.oo to dut» Cini
and Ptjjc pal Wiy StatUn* J<sO."i»
Sil.1* Newark. Oenl«r»lllf,.Saii.l ose, Krlton,
lioiililer Crrek.Saula Cruz slid Way
Btatloim a..l»»
t*<!9p Newark. UenterTille. San Jose, »»»
Alma.lftij. r«lton. llottlder Creek,
Santa (,'rui ami 1'riDcipal Way
. Station! t»»i3ii*
4»I3p Newark. Han Jose. T^aCato* { Ji2la»t
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
friiuSlB failUISM— Flit «r Xarkit Slri.tiSliiiS)-
t7:ll 9:00 11:C0a.u. 1:33 3:33 8:18rM.
fr««0«USD— r.«t .l»r.W-«j.— tH:OO 18;00 tSKSS
10:00. M. 12:03 3:03 1:13 r.M.
COAST LINE (iuo«.i (anR«).
. (Third ..n.l To'»n^.»l Sk) -
«: I DA Ctoutn Mall Franciiw., r*«lu AllO.... "iKtlf
n:<»iA Km Jnn>ml Way StitUons Ii3«p
/7:»«A N»» Alinmlnn / 1lS«»
J7:I5a Sunday Excursion for Fan Joe.
«vu t rnz. P'cUc Giore and
Priocipal Way Station? JS:.tO»
8:OOa Co*st LineXimlted. San Josr, Gilror.
S. Unas. Fkso iicbl.s, 8>n Luis
Obiipo, Lompoc, fl»nti K:rbira, '
Let Aogeles IO:43r
¦ •O»AHan J<Mn. T>es Plum. Hm.U Ctu»,
Pacific lirora. halin'a Pan l.nij
Ob'spo aiitl Pilnciya.: iiiterrnedi.te
MUtluiis. -iilOr
lvtSOA 8m Jcse and Wty Stations. 7;3or i
. I IiZ«a Han Jnss nntl Way Stations SaSO*
1«:I-"Vp.Saii Matro, Itnlwooil. Mrnlu Park. .
]*alo Alto. Kanta Clara, Man Jose.
Tres Flnoc Santa r.tmt, Saliuaa,
Monterey ami Pucilic Gn.Te tl»>4Ss>
4»t3w r Han Joao ami Way Stations 0:3»a
Htl»p dan Joaeamt Principal Way Sutkws »t43i
<t4: : jp Snnset I.imit»«l— El P«so, Kew Or-
leans ai d Kact « IwtlSA
t3:00rS»n Jose, Los Gatos and Principal
Way Station P<«3i
- 3i3ap8an.ln*a ami Principal Way Statioua N:30A
«:3op.<)anJ«sean<l WayStatiuns fSiWOA
TiwOp Snr Orleans Expreiw, S»n Jose,
- ' Santa Barbara. L*« Angeln. V>- m-
Ike. El Paso. Kew Orle.i.« and2»tt T:OOa
7i00r Del Monte, Moutertr. PadSc Grote,
Loapoo ;.... Iwi45p
«ll:«rS»«Jw»«mlW«T Stations 7lS*T
A for Monti n ; .- I* far Afternoon.
. t HmMay excepted. * Sunday only.
8 Wedaesdays. ; / Tn»«days and TddftysV
e SQndsjs. a Saturday only. - . >
RAILWAY TBAVEL.
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DAMIANA BITTERS. THE
great Mexican . remedy; gives health and
strength to sexual organs. Depot. 223 Market.
rt 1 PP- : n fill A I - Corner Fourth -and
I ALL 111 Iff Al Market. SF. Try
I H rr ' 111 I I 111 our Brew.
¦ . valises checked free.
St. ' Louis, i Mo.
ROSS C. CLIN'E, P. C. P. Agt..
* Los Angeles, Cal.
C. S. CRANE. G. P. Art..
Lr. Chicago.. 11 a.' m., Mondays and Thursdays.
Arr. Boston.. .5:20 p. m.. Tuesdays and Fridays.
Arr. New York.. 5:30 p. ra., Tuesdays & Fridays.
. You can use Santa Fe, Rock Island. - Burling-
ton or Union Pacific excursions to connect with
Wabash. -Tourist cars. " Inquire of your agent
for -particulars. •- - . ¦ . •
Tourist Cars
Wabash
1% Hours.
CALIFORKU HORTHWESTERH RY. CO.
¦ ¦ -LESSEE ' ' '
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY, COMPANY.
TIburon Ferry, Foot of Market St.
- : San ; Francisco to San Rafael.
WEEK-DAYS— 7:30, 9:00. 11:00 a. m.; 12:35. 3:30.
. 5:10, 6:30 p.m.- Thursdays— Extra trip at 11:30
, p.m. Saturdays — Extra trips at 1:50 and
11:30 p. m. - • - • ¦ -• -. • ¦
SUNDAYS — 8:00, 9:20. .11:00 a." m.; 1:30, 3:30,
&:C0, 6:20 p. m. ¦ . ' . . ¦. .
San Rafael to San Franelao*.
WEEK DAYS— 6:10, 7:50. 9:20, 11:10 a.m.; 12:43,
3:40, 5:10 p.m. Saturdays — Extra trlp3 at 1:55
and 6:35 p. m. ••
SUNDA*YS— 8:10,- 9:40, 11:10 a. m.; 1:40, 3:40,
,5:05, 6:25 p. m.'V
., Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Park.
same schedule as above. •¦•¦••
~~L(^\'e .'•¦'• I In ¦¦ Effect I' ' Arrive
San Francisco. [April 15. 1901. {San 'Francisco.
Week I Sun- |- I Sun- I Week
' Days. 1 days. | Destination. | days. | Days. ,
7:30 am 8:00 am Novato, . 10:40 am 8:40 am
3:30 pm 9:30 am IJetaluma, 6:05 pm 10:25 am
5:10 prn 5:00 pm Santa Rosa. 7:35 pm 6:22 pm
"7 ~~~ I Fulton. 1
7:30 am| Windsor. • 10:25 am.
Healdsburg,
" . ¦ Lytton, ¦
GeyBerville. ¦ - ¦' -
3:30 pm 8:00 am Cloverdale. 7:35 pm P:22 pm
7:33 ami I Hopland I 1 10 :25 am
: 3:30 pm| 8:00 am| and Uklah. | 7:35 pm| 6:22 pm
. 7:30 ami - 1 ' 10:25 am
i v 1 1 8:00 amf Guernevllle. 7:35 pm
13:30pml ,-. ¦. -..' - I '- .-'".-¦ . 6:22 pm
; 7:30 am 8:00 ami I Sonoma I 9:15 amt 8:40 am
¦' ¦ ¦¦ ;, - •' I " '•• • and ' ' .
5:10 pm 5:00 pm] Glen Ellen. 6:05 pm| 6:22 pm
7:30 ami 8:00 am| . ' 1 110:40 am!10:25 am
3:30 pm[ 5:00 pm| Sebastopol^ I 7:35 pm| C:22 pm
Staffss connect - at ' Santa . Rosa for Mark
"West Sprlnes and: -White Sulphur Sprln.es;- at
Lytton for Lytton Springs; .at .Geyservllle for
Skag-gs - Springs; at Cloverdale for - the Gey-
sers; at - Hopland for Duncan Springs, High-
land . Springs," Kelseyville, • Carlsbad Springs,'
Soda r Bay. - Lakenort and Bartlett Sprlnjrs ; at
TJktah for Vichy -Springs, Saratoga Springs,
Blue Lakes. Laurel Pell Lake. Witter Springs,"
Upper Lake, Porno. Potter "Valley, John-Day's,
Riverside, : LI erley's, ¦ • Bucknell's. *." Sanliedrin
Heights. Hullville, Orr's Hot Springs,' Mendocino
City. -Forti'Brajcjr. WestDort,, Usal. Willetts.
Laytonville." Cummlngs. Bell's Springs. Harris,
Olsens. Dyer, - Scotia and . Eureka. - '. . ¦
. Saturday to Monday round-trip' tickets at re-
duced rates. *:- . >, ' ¦¦' ¦¦-.¦;• - . .
-On Sundays, round-trip tickets to all points
beyond ¦ San Rafael at half rates.'.. . - ; :
• ticket of0c«,- 650 Market St., Chronicle build-
inc. - . - . -R.X.RYAN. .:.
r H- C. iWHITING. - Gen.. Pass. Agt."
. General .'llanaser. '¦¦¦'¦: ¦
Weekly, Call^l.00 per Yia?
Telephone Brown 931.
Residence. 821 California at., below Powell.
1A/. T. HESS, /
K0TAB7 PUBLIC AND ATT0B5S7-AT-LAV.
Tenth Floor, Room 1015. Claus Spreckels Bids.
/^V Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
S^tf *J*3 6J2J) KEABST ST. Kstabllshed
fartW^SSk 1 " 1S54 '«"" the treatment of Private
r*LJ .O-'^Ef Diseases, I^wt ManSfwxl. Debility or
HM^BflMdiM>as<>Trearins:nn body and mind and
fcjyaBJSWgSlcin Disposes. The Doctor cores when
otners ' a|1 - ' rT y bim - t'narses low.
?K£!iA<a('nrp< enarantrrd. Cullor write.
Dr. J. I*. Oinno.V. han F randscc. CaL
'DR. GROSSMAN'S SPECIFIC MIXTURE.;-
For '' the 'cure.? of : GONORRHKA. . GLEETS,
STRICTURES 'and analogous complaints of the
Organs '¦ of Generation.; . . ¦;. . - -.;,.-¦ .-
. Frlce ?1 a bottle.- For Bale by drug-gists.
I'm. Triumph El Betmont ¦gHBg ffiiM^^BliE^ Jackson Square We sdithei 3 .' ;
% ,,,, fte B, , Cigars, |i [ E""r?*w5.S!J|ii§ Cigars, mcusSTETSOH %
JJ »lu!3 tiiace &ia Th= a for^5c Reina Victoria size, HBpV &n<l I?H OdstandarJ 5c brand, on sp:c : »l sa'.e Men's HatS I or .<
5 Gloves $1.10. • on £ aVto^a y and,^tuJay,/ OoWCIll^nle aaUCAAP. «<«Jar «nd S.turdayorg, , $4 instead o! JS. \
X. I — — •*' fOfft^mZSGm CALIFORNIA'S LARGEST-AJnERlCA'S GRANDEST STORE & TOT 3 25 C* _H j. j»
1 ffiZSs r^'T^ Silk Remnant SaieTo-Day I
X *»-*""«**'«*•* fancy waist Silks, a!so • ¦ ¦ *M UpSGJcsJSa partment in the \V«s\ .»
plain, colored and black Taffetas, the accii- #"*/\TI*frill5%f T/\M /\? tVir> i( f%AA Cttaf We buy only the best mateiiah and we ha-re jL
** mu'ation of the busy months of February ani .; WilllllHUUllUll Ol Ulv , VlUVl tJlIAC^ the prcttest millinery In town. These arc $
jj March, will be placed on special lals to-day, . >„ J D««l,/»i. T aIb W C»l/» a? -Millintry Sbtcixls for Friday and Sat- X
| Friday, only jtone-UIfa^O/. O/f ail(l BrOKCIl LOIS ialC OI ur Jar only: «
•J mantoa prices* Inthslotwil ' , -,_ -\ • _ . ¦ -^^ # ••_-•. Trimmed Hats fl7>''- : X
I Clothing, Furnishings £5^- jjj^ j
X includes co.'ored Taffetas. Poplins, Btnga- . TUlf] Tf7»f J ust from the -AT^^^^V «
|f lines, Fou'ards, Surahs, Merve-lleux, Louhine ¦ /. U11U «WW» \- workroom on *^^^^^^ "?
5 and Indus; also Black Peau dc Sole, Taffeta, MM SKI So-,**—** 4Mf/ J^MAC? C C»»fl»4*«^»#tf* 5a!e to-day and . *
% Satin Duchesse and Grenadine. iWiiiit ilBi*^f SkStU tJP&SS &P&G£32B&* to-morrow; we W*^^^ %
J "^T" — Unusually Rrofitablc Picking lor Prudent Purchasers h . 1Te "V" \Tz "• 5
5 /•—/># .: ' \ . ..-•«* « » *«. 1 • • given such a Nas. • X
5* S?7^ j^fe. " A during Ihc last two days of the wceK m trimmed hatbr- _Wa •;
i Brooches m^' twenty dillcrcnt departments £*, £ |
h[ t&Gm MR <M# Of tllC big StOrC. > do not expect to 'J
\ Bro 8 o°cbw 'breaths with' garftets, .white and CMtdren'S fZrizy l^-chf- *^ *^ . -mwOCm and ' Saturday 5
5;g:^>W^^i?^*iUfeii^j4; 'HdsiervM dren * S £xtraCted Polka Another of our>pular tale, for Friday only; '^3^^^ ,
J - lilies and rcss-gold finnh Broochea in snake ¦¦¦f»"»-» JT ». Dot jj,^ Thread , __ , ,. . 9OfOCl J*
g designs, warranted to wear and keep their :" Hose, a fir.e qua'ity in the n:w shades of red • . * Crcima 7— «*« klai that we 8 M j Jse$ ' Trimmed Hats $5.00— Handsome 5
K color, on tpecial sale to-day, Friday, ' w and French 1 lue, with white dots; sizes 5 to offer at thes: sales— in regu'ar-dzed squares, ' ones, and trimmei charmingly, made of oar $
* only, each.. ............ .*. . .. IOC 9; the kind so!d every whe-.e at 25c *0* t the "quality guaranteed; per square _-^ iplendid materials and our very best making, X
$f. ¦ ' — '—— — - •' a pair;" special for tfces: two day.-.. WmS z C ' ¦ ZSG Friday and Saturday only . mm f%f% t&
g Bureau. ... ..-, •; The Odd Sizes and Broken Lot Sale sioosfriwivi'iid'nVHaiiwc-M^i'str.. Z
t S ?^:^TL*£*^X« ? f Men's fhd Boys' Clothing, Furnish- %
J . is a»large variety of designs, and very pretty ItlQS Btia iiStS ClO£e5 tO-mOrrOW nignt. beVeral Saturdiy only TOG X
ones, too but the quantity is so smau that new'iines. are added for the last two days, and, not- t ¦ ! jj
fiT we are ariaid they will hardly . last the day .. : ,.-« .- '. •/¦• r Z * «-k m "«> » j* • 2* «_• s - -r% •
g cut, two sizes, i8x 4S f»ch« am 18x54 withstanding the big^sales of the first four days of the Sale of fWe *
* 'r^S ?it soc CiZh> thc week." we still have fair assortments of: " Ladies' ¦ *< iaw n , three" ro^ 3 J
»? SPCC1 . . . F "" : ." .Y'." '. f '""32C Men's $15.00 Fine Seek Suit:— Coats cut in Boys' $4.00 two-piece Su'ts, now $1,98 Df*£& WGf*Sa hemst5tcl1 n 8 an! dee? 'x
fif •••-•_ •••• t jj C popular military style, the materials all- Boys* $6.00 three-piece suits, now. .$3*43 . . edg= of fine embroidery, «
K .... mmm •** c u r wool cheviots, cassimeres and wor.tsd?, in Boys' $7. 50 long-pants suits, now.. .$4,95 " a quality that is always to!d at nn -
J %BG Writing \S oo f °l the X y ' the new stripe and over-plaid- -_ Boys' 50c unlaunderei Shirts, in size 14 only t*SO, spcciaKFriday only... &1.UU £
6 Ts*haC»t*S Rf- \- af ta !> Iets ' made effects, for. §9.45 ...... . '. 29C d "' Muslin Drawers with wMe rume and *
X '«"*" r "V «»«»f ' « sat'n wove, 5Q nd $2 0.00 Suits for $11.45 Men's and boVs* 75c Golf Shirts. ...... 47c d=c P k=ni 5 tkcheJ heai, an extra good rzuz *
j... .heavy wnmg^ paper, in tbr« s^es-ncte, Men ' s $| 7 . 5 0 Top Coats for ...•.-.. J/1.45 Men's $1. 00 Musk Nightgowns, «m 16 to at 35 c, on special sJe trxJay only.. J
J? packet and letter; our regu!ar x 5 c „-£: Boy V $0.00 Russian Blouse Suits-Made 18 o^ly/... ... 57c - - 25C X
*< Friday only;... »C iSo^&cJEn^^and.yelWt^l^.ifor Men's 50c H ,flk Teik S^T. ...... 22b " ~ 2
— " ~ ages %% to 6 years, for. ;. $4. 86 Men's $1. 00 Underwear, various styles. . 77C LttMUOr We keep every brand of
5° Sal© LadieS 5<;°>«n /* ovs * CorttU- _ Men's 50c Bibrigga.i Underwear 39C CnofSolc ?• „.. ? " U:US *
fi? kb ti-tlLr- Mm" f Women's * ¦ m- f^*- * ~'^r?fr M'n's Si 4< Flanne'e'te Pjjama3 72c **ff^*»*^*' ; "*^*-'' L'^ucrs, Wiaes and *S
g nSnStifeff*OnierSm nandker- ; *L°y. j^°' G - mmM^M^m Men's colored bordered an 1 white* henit itched Mineral Waters that are in d-mand in this Vj
* chiefs at special jalc. Friday ody at 3c, 9c . rBHtS *WC— | 1 fffll Handkerchieft. 5c n-arket, all at Department Store prices. Rrad X
f and I9:.each.:;" . .. .-. ..... Only a small lot' of." I 1 Men's 50c fancy' web'SusoradersV.V. V.'.27o th-se three extracrdiniry off. rngs for Friday j
IS .300 dozen fancy tape bordered sheer Javrn hem- •" -Knnf - r>a?r« v in " I ' H K mm' m r**r^r m '¦ m- > < n *y« X
X stitched Handkerchief 5c value, on _ • bO " t 4°O pairs, in | H flffl Men's Stiff and Fedora W he n's Rye Whisk ey-B.tted at the dLtifcry $
If F.icay....; 3G ' drab «nd:'-brown,- J |I I . HatS that were | 3 . 35, a-.d I4.00, an! reju'ary $1.25 bottle, on Q _ *
j£ 150 dczen shter lawn and embroidered insertion patent waist bands, . || 1 M l||| in^ browns and black, special -j^ q^j jp-cial tale Friday %JYQ 5
X Handkerchiefs, trimmed with Val-n- made extra strong l| I Iiillllll////f • this week. . . . .' 9«*V0 Domestic P<:ritr— B st in market, o — %
Jf ciennes lade, a 15c value, en Friday.. &G regular Si OOVaV I 111 1 1 I /////If Men's Stiff and Fedora regularly 1 1.25 dozm, to-day .... SfSG X
h 100 dozm all-linen extra fine quality hem- 6 ..." ' "' || ll|(j|W HaiS that w«re $2.35 and $2.45, in F'avcr.n< Syrupi— Raspberry, Strawberry or «J
£ stitched Handkerchiefs, 335c va'ue, _ on S F ecla^ J9 2$*% ftl' 1 Ml/ 'Jlilll/li/f browns, pearl-, contrasts and *•*% Grasadine, rrguUry 45c bottle, _ \
K on Friday.. '; HS?C saleto-day"'*'^*^ . . black, ths week &Wmb& tc-d»y. Jf&C X
if ¦ RffZBtBBIgsnfe Tapestries, Body Brussels and Axminsters; Iffi £F% >_. :?
fe # g% * lengths from 5 to 20 yards; u orth 6?c to $1.25 MJ& •«
OF *jrS&l*pG1S yard; on. sale Friday and Saturday. mr^tmW %*r *
o ..... ¦¦.¦.-¦-..-'- * «V
THE EMPORIUM.
THE \ EMPORIUM.
THE EMPORIUM.
THE EMPOBIUM.
RAILWAY TBAVEL.
I ONE PIIDETC
r^ssSSk bottle lunhS
/ MCBURNEY'S
' /«k> Wz$& Kidnev* 1 " 1 Bladder
/ v^ % iviuiicy curb
VJ5 , Vr ft A thorough" cure lot'
K\ •:. | t . pains la the back, : .
'¦ .,y V. BHICHT'S DISEASE,
A^W 24 r / female troubles, lncon-
tlueuco Of urine, brick dnst deposits, bed-
wetting oi children, gravel, gall stonso.
drojsy, diabetes, and rheumatism. -• -
_ — FOR SALE ¦ AT— ¦'
No Percentage Drug : Co., 949-951 . Market
St. ; • Dahlbender Drug Co.. 214 Kearny at.
•Send 25c in 2c stamps, to W. F.-McBurney,
418 S. Spring St. Los Angeles'. Cal., for 3
days'. treatment. Prepaid $1 CO. Druggists.
H - Pintsch gas, marble wash- * /(~2Sv iT^*^^^^ la
S ALL the modern improve- w—fj
H % They leave San Francisco Tues- IKw "v^fc^Qv^ •-^M«
M days and Thursdays — Omaha, Chi- «JSf/ -^^^^^c2& V""^^Scot's Pride.of National Ancestry. ,
A capital - story illustrating the Scot's
pride of national ancestry is .exhumed by
"T H.- P." i n tno Rochester . Post-Ex
press* A party of tourists was inspecting
the exterior'of Royal Castle, in Fifeshire,
and was told by the conductor that here
Cronrwell's grandmother: lived and died,
and that here also his mother was born.
"Nonsense, man!" cried' alcarping ob
jector "You Scotchmen try to hang your
selves on to all the celebrated men who
ever lived. I suppose that you'll be tell
ing us that Pontius Pilate was Scotch
next" "Nae, me; slrr,": responded the
dignified old guide; "w.e no claim ta cal
lant for a Scot, but a', to eaam he was pe
porn in Scotland."- And he then gravely
proceeded to quote from Marshall's "His
tory « of; Fifeshire," wherein it is. stated
that Pontius Pilate's progenitor, sent on
a mission -to King Metaelanus of, Scot
land brought with him his spouse, and it
was'while they, sojourned at a place now
called Fortingall. in the northwest of
Perthshire, that Pontius was born. The
objector was silenced, .but • perhaps the
most pregnant utterance in the • contro
versy - was that of a ; gardener ¦ who had
listened, ~open-mouthed..; ."Hech! . Jock,"
said he to his mate as the twain resumed
work, "after a' Scotland's a graun: kin
tral"—Buffalo. Commercial. ¦ *L
' SUMMER RATES' at Hotel del ¦ Corcnado.
Coronado Beach, • CaL ,V effective after, April; 13,'
$60 for round trip. Including- 13 days at:hotel.
i'acific Coast S. S. Co.. 4 N«w Montgomery at.
NEW YORK, April 18.— Tne following
Callfornians are in New York: From San
Francisco— A. Classen and wife, at the
Astor; A. Mantuer, at the Cadillac; J. F.
Boure and J. R. Tobias, at the Grand
Union-' Dr. Medlander, at the Cadillac.
From Los Angeles— N. "W. Myrick, at the
Victoria. From San Jose— W. Hunter, at
the St. Denis. ...
CAIilFOBNIANS IN UTEW YORK.
It is estimated that the extent of unexplored land
within the Antarctic se^s is not less than 10,000,000
square. miles, more than twice as large an area as. the
whole of Australia. Here and there, certain points
have been traveled over by explorers, but the extent
of land covered by thom is so small in comparison
with the immense range of the Antarctic continent
that virtually the region is completely unknown.
It is for the purpose of acquiring a fuller knowledge
of-the region that the four expeditions have been or
ganized. According 10 v. recently published pro
gramme the^ continent - for the purposes of the ex
ploration is to be divided into sections. The'British
Government expedition willdeal with 1 by far the lar
gest area, viz., that to the south of Australia and;
New Zealand, with" its land base on Victoria Land.
The Scottish expedition will operate to the south
east of Cape Horn to the western side of Grahams
Land. The German Government expedition will work
in the area between Australia and the Cape, .with
rOUR expeditions, one each from England,
Scotland, Germany and Sweden, are ; to start
1 this year for a combined attempt to explore the
vast unknown regions' ol the south polar circle. The
expeditions are to be fitted out separately and will act
separately, but arrangements have been made "to as
sign each a particular field foe operations, so fhat
their efforts will not conflict nor the work of one be
in any way a duplication of the work of anotHer. To
that extent, then, it may be said they will co-operate,
and consequently much may be expected of the results
of their explorations. - . , . ¦ . ¦, ';
ANTARCTIC EXPLORATION
It may appear absurd for the Democrats to be <=o
eagerly searching for a Presidential candidate three
years ahead of time, but it must be remembered the
task is something like looking for a needle in a hay
stack, and time is necessary.
A' Paris paper says President • Kfuger is coming to
this: country, as a guest of Tammany Hall, so we may
2 et ¦ hear of him as': ah Alderman. ,:\
J. Pierpont Morgan emphatically declares he; has
gone.toEuropeTfor "rest," but whether he means a
rest for, himself 'or to get the rest of the earthis not
clear. ' * : ¦
It is reported that Admiral Schley has about made
up his mind to retire, so the prospect of gettingrid
of the Schley-Sampson controversy is at last bright
enough to be. pleasing. .
¦Washington, correspondents report' there are. rea
sens'for believing a new .treaty is being arranged be
tween our Government and that of Great Britain. with
regard to the -Nicaragua /canal, and should it be "so the
Senate will have another opportunity to show whether
it would rather construct the canal or twist the lion's
tail.' - ¦•'¦ V ¦•• : . ¦ •¦¦' , .i ¦ . .
T^p Germans are having a "nice little argument
ever the right. of a newspaper to publish reports of a
speech by the Emperor when the Emperor objects to
the publication. Herr Richter, one , of the leading
members of the Reichstag, maintains that a speech by
the Kaiser is public property, and says the subject
was fully discussed by the committee on copyright re
form and decided as' he has stated. If that be so the
Kaiser has but one recourse left— that of keeping his
mouth. shut. . . ;:':
Among other troubles Russia has a treasury scan
dal of large proportions. It is stated that in the ac
counts of the Imperial Control Department there have
been discovered inaccuracies extending from 1893 to
1898 with- indications that clearly point to fraud.'. The
sum missing is in the neighborhood of $22,500,000,
and constitutes the largest defalcation in Russian his
tory. It would appear from . this that even when
sleeping in a steel safe the Czar is'not secure. He may
wake up some morning and find himself stolen. '
THE New York Sun is opposed to the acceptance
of Carnegie's great gift for public libraries in
that city. It regards the Cost of sites and main
tenance as too much lor the city to bear, and thinks
that libraries do not contribute much to public intel
ligence, anyway.
This is a surprising attitude to be taken by an
.American newspaper. Public libraries have been from
the earliest times considered a valuable means of self
education. It is notorious that in the sections of this
country where there are the most public libraries
there is the least illiterscy.
With the public schools administered according to
their original purpose all young people are furnished
the key to further knowledge, which they may ac
quire by the use of books. That was exactly Car
negie's case. He received the rudiments of an edu
ucation and acquired the rest by self-exertion. He
has said that his greatest difficulty was in getting such
books as he required for study. By great privation
and sacrifice these were secured, and in them he found
the way to a career that has astonished the commer
cial world. He then m^dc up his mind that, if he ac
quired wealth, he would put within reach of youth the
books which he had to obtain by enduring physical
privation.
In his case we find all the elements that make for
the public library. It opens to ambitious and ab
stemious youth the whole field of self-education. It
is the open university to all who will enter. A well
selected public library will equip a man for a trade, a
I-rofession, a scientific or industrial specialty. Where
a free library is there is the door to higher education.
It is amazing that ihe Sun, which so illuminates its
ntdius, fails in that great light to see this. The pub
lic library is the extension of the public school. It is
tlit projection of all scholastic opportunity. Carne
gie's gift to New York City is the addition of nearly
$6,000,000 and eighty public libraries to the public
school system. It economizes the administration of
the schools by doing away with the necessity for
school libraries, which at the best would fall far short
of the advantages furnished by him.
It is the duty of the metropolis to set a wise and
useful example to other cities, and New York would
xVi; in this duty if it refused to accept the gift offered
to its children. /
But the Sun insists that there is already too much
reading, and that it diverts attention from more se
ricus things. This is an argument for abolition of the
printing press and destruction of books already accu
ir.rlated.
According .to the Sun's views the destroyers of
libraries and not their collectors ¦ are the real bene
factors of mankind. Its heroes would be the men who
burned the Alexandrian library, and not Ptolemy
Soter, who gathered and housed it. *
We cannot believe that such a reactionary view will
be accepted by New York or indorsed by the coun
trymen of Mr. Carnegie.
London papers report that at the taking of the re
crnt census an y effort was made to have the police
rornd up and count all the vagrants in the city, but as
the vagrants were not informed of the object of rhe
round-up they hid out where the~police co#!d not find
them, and as a consequence the census will show less
than 400 vagrants for the whole city. VJ / 'C
About the best thing China can do would be* to put
thst big indemnity demanded of her before the pow
ers in a lump sum. Ey the time they finish fighting
over the division of it she would probably be strong
enough to take it away from the survivors.
OPPOSING CARNEGIE LIBRARIES.
"I love the very ground she automobiles
on," was the way the up-to-date young
man put It.— Tonkers Statesman.
Patience— Did you say her aunt uses a
brogue.
Patrice— No; I said she used .an ear
trumpet. — Tonkers Statesman. •
Patience— I noticed your face light up
when Will began talking to you.
Patrice^ — Tes; I suppose the gas had
something to do with It.— Yonkera States
man.
She— Don't you think Painter la clever
with the brush?
He — Yes; I've noticed that the heels of
his shoes always seem to be as well pol
ished as the rest of them.— Yonkers States
man, .^i
"I suppose you have to beg your daugh
ter to get her to play the piano?" said tha
vistor. - ¦
"No: on the contrary, we have to bes
her to quit," said the father.— Yonkers
Statesman. 7 .. V
Bill— When a dog wags hl3 tail, what Is
It a sign of?
Jill— Why, It's a sign that he's glad.
"Glad of what?"
"Glad that he's got a tail to wag."—
Yonkers Statesman.
Church— I see some of the theaters ar»
reducing their prices 7
Gotham — Yes; It looks as if a fellow
would be able pretty soon to see a 25-cent
show In New York for only 60 cents.—
Yonkers Statesman.
"Didn't I hear your husband quarreling:
with you this morning-?" said the woman
in the next flat.
."Yes: he didn't like my first biscuits."
"Well, some people would rather fight
than eat." — Yonkers Statesman.
"Charlie," said a visitor to a bright little
5-year-old, "are you going to be a dentist
like your father and pull people's teeth,
when you grow up?"
"No, sir," replied Charlie, 'Tm going to
be a lawyer like Uncle George and pull
people's legs."— Chicago News.
Mr. Selfmade— Remember. children,
when I was a boy I often went to bed
hungry, and seldom had a square meal.
Little Tommy (who is tired of hearing:
about It)— Well, that Just shows how
much better off you axe since you'va
known us.— life. t j . v
Church— Yon say Styles Is txp-to-aate?
Gotham— TV oil. I should rather say ha
is. Do you remember that Prince Albert
coat he's worn for so many seasons?
"Distinctly."
"Well, he calls It a King Edward now."
— Yonkers Statesman,
A CHANCE TO SMII*E.
From the conduct of the experienced men and
women who were on the.stage of the Boston Theater
that night the public can learn a profitable lesson if
it have sense enough to. do so. The moral of the
lesson is to avoid interfering in other folks' quarrels.
Let no one undertake to" pronounce judgment for or
against the prima donna, or even suggest a basis for
compromise. It is enough to know, that when the
queen singer is on the stage no one else is to receive
flowers unless they ire sent in by the back door.
Mme. Melba's victory should forever prevent any
further controversy on the subject. . . \\
It will be noted that no one on the stage interfered
in the controversy or offered any -advice in the way
of conciliation. From the impresario, and the stage
manager down j;o the ballet girls arid the supernu
meraries all kept quiet and went right along, each
one attending strictly to his own business. It is evi
dent, therefore, that the whole troupe has learned
wisdom from experience. They are nbt like the fools
who rush in where angels fearto tread and who try
to reconcile contending parties. They are wise in
their generation, and recognizing that the affair was
one 'of high operatic etiquette they left it for Mme.
Melba to settle by the exercise. of her sovereign prima
donna powers. - . . . .
Madame relented . just enough^ to suggest a morsel of
consideration. Said /she, "If - you want to receive the
dowers over the footlights why don't you postpone the
affair and . celebrate^some evening when I am not sing
ing?" : But De Reszke simply smiled. . And so the audi
ence did not know very much about its being the anni
versary of De Reszke's quarter century run on the
grand opera stage. >
And she had her way. M. de Reszke shrugged his
shoulders and said, "Very well; have the flowers sent
around to the stage.''"
Melba wouldn't have It. She got after De Reszke like
this: "I will not allow It. I will not go on the stage
with a man and see him' receive flowers when there are
none for me. If you wish to accept the flowers over the
footlights you must go alone, for I certainly shall not
accompany you." In the meantime the audience was ap
plauding and at the same time Madame Melba was pro
testing. "There is no other star here above me, and I
will not submit to the indignity."
It appears that while singing in that city Edouard
de Reszke" reached the twenty-fifth anniversary, of his
debut on the operatic stage, and his friends and ad
mirers thought it would be a fine thing to -celebrate
the event. Among other forms of celebration" they
a: ranged to present him with such a mass of bouquets
as would make the stage of the Boston Theater look
like a Californian rose festival. The programme was
to have the flowers passed up from the auditorium
across the footlights at the close of scene I of the
third act. De Reszke was aware of the programme
and by way of making it easy for Mme. Melba he
suggested that she come to the stage with him to re
ceive the offering. , The - Madame peremptorily re
fused.
The .story of what took place behind the scenes is
thos told in one of our Eastern exchanges:
\z"l ADAME MELBA has just given the people
/ \ of Boston a lesson in the etiquette of the
stage. /Sh£ lias upheld the rights of a prima
donna against an enthusiastic but ill advised attempt
to ignore them, and Boston will know better next
time.
A PRIM A DONNA'S RIGHTS.
FRIDAY :". ..:.... . .APRIL 19, i9°*
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address All Comannieiti«a» t> W. 8. LEASE, Manager.
MA.1I [ACER'S OFFICE. . . yj» j j; TelepUone^Preiii^gM
rCBLICATIOX OFFICE! .. Market and Third, S. F.
Telephone Press 201.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 ta 221 Stevenson St.
Telephone Prem 2O2.
Delivered by Carrier". 15 Cents Per Week.
Sinfrle Copies. 5 Centw. .
Term* by Mall. Including; I'ondice:
rVAILY CALL {Including Sunday), one year t^-00
DAILY CALL (Including Sunday). 6 months 3.00
DAtLT CALL, (including Sunday). J month* 1-60
DAILY CALL— By Elngle Month '. 65«
WEEKLY CALL. One Year.... i- 00
All postmaster* are authorized to receive
subscriptions.
Sample copies will be forwarded when requested.
Man subscribers In ordering ohanre of addrera should be
particular to rive both NEW AND OLD ADDRESS In order
to Insure a prompt and correct compliance with their request.
OAKLA5D OFFICE 1118" Broadw jy
C. GEORGE! KROGXESS.
Bulger Foreign Advertising, Mtrqstttt Building, Chic&ga.
(Long Distance Telephone "Central 2619.")
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
C C. CARLTOJT Herald Square
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
STEPBEX B. SMITH ....3O Tribune Ilnlldlnfr
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS:
Waldorf -A rtorla Hotel; A. Brentano, a Union Square:
Murray Hill Hotel.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Sherman House; P. O. NewsfCo.; Great Northern Hotel;
Fremont House: Auditorium Hotel.
WASHINGTON <IJ. C.) OFFICE. . . .1400 G St., N. W.
MORTOX E. CRAXE, Correspondent.
BRANCH OFFICES — 527 Montgomery, corner of Clay, open
until 8:39 o'clock. SCO Hayes, open until 9:30 o'clock. t33
McAllister, open until 9:30 o'clock. 615 Larkin. open until
S 30 o'clock. 1941 Mission, open until 10 o'clock. 2261 Market,
corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock. 1086 Valencia, open
urtll 9 o'clock. 106 Eleventh, open until 9 o'clock. NW. cor
ner Twenty-second and Kentucky, open until 9 o'clock.
FULL DRESS STiIT— A Performer, City.
A man who appears on the stage or else
where in a full dress suit, either swallow
tail or Tuxedo, should wear what fashion
calls • for. He should not wear a silk
shirt With such a suit. The regulation
calls for a white linen bosom shirt.
THE CHURCH MURDERS— Inquirer,
City. No one . knows the exact time
Blanche Lamont and Minnie "Williams were
murdered in the church on Bartlett street
in April, 1S95. The body of Minnie Witl
llams was discovered on the 13th of that
month and that of Ulanche Lamont on the
following day. It was believed, however
that they were murdered on the 10th.
CORPSE IN THE HOUSE— R. F San
Andreas, Cal. If the owner of a house
permits the /corpse of one who was a
friend to remain in the house until the
funeral, the owner should defer to the
wishes of the family of the deceased as to
who should visit. By allowing the body
to remain there the owner of the hm»i
for the time being turns the premises ovl?
to the family or relatives of the declaS
SQUARE OF A CIRCLE— A K Clrv
To fin<3 the square surface or'areanf .
circle the following rule is given: Saul™
the radius (half of the diameter) and r^ 1
tiply that by 3.14159; for small eate£tat? ul "
3 1-7 is nearly the same as 3 wa'VhJ 11 *
to find the area of a circle whose dl»™?'
ia eight feet, the radius Is fow £?t m ?w r
squared is 16 feet; then 16 times I iVi-V 1 8
50.265 square feet. If the diameter i* If I s .
inchel the arCa W ° Uld ta^WS
CASINO— N.' N., City. Unless at th« h*»
ginning " of the game . It , is ajn-e<M thf *
points shall be counted. as theyWm»H
by each Player the order of%ou n u™ Is
cards, spades, big casino, little casfnnanH
sweep. If in a game of thirty-one ooint,
on the last play A had twenty-six Lnd
made spades, big casino, little casino «n2
two aces,; and B had twenty-seven
and made cards and two aces he would
go out, as he^would have ?he first count
by reason of having cards. ut
ANSWERS TO QUERIES,
TO CORRESPONDENTS— Answers to queries
sent to this department are sent In as soon as
obtained and they appear In print in the order
that they are turned in, as space will permit.
Questions are easily 'asked, but . answers are
not easily obtained la every instance, so If
correspondents do not see the answer two
or three days after, they send in the query they
should not feel disappointed.
FKEBLE-MINDED— Subscriber, 7. City
There is no home in San Francisco or in
the State for feeble-minded aged people.
There are several homes for aged people.
THE CAR SHOPS— C. R., San Mateo,
Cal. To obtain information as to how to
get one as an apprentice into one of the
car shops of a railroad company address
the superintendent of the shop In which
it is desired to place the individual. .
SHOULDERS-G. H., City. The best
way to develop the shoulders is to use
will power. Make up your mind to walk
erect If there is no natural physical de
fect the shoulders will in a short time be
as they ought to be.
SAN FRANCISCO BLOCKS— S., City.
The length of the .block on Market street,
between Third and Fourth, Is 825 fe»t; on
Fulton street, between Laguna and Bu
chanan, is 412:6 feet, and on Octavia
street, between Grove and Hayes, is 275
feet. . •
ous combustion was a great theme.
A modern reader of the Aurora of Feb
ruary, 1801, would be surprised to see so
much of its few columns taken up by one
item. There had been a flre in Philadel
phia In a tallow chandler's, and he pub
lished an elaborate explanation of the
cause. A workman had melted up, to
recast, some old candles that in some way
had lost their shape and become fused
together. He strained out the old wicks
from these melted candles and cast them
aside, and these wicks became fired in
some mysterious manner akin to spon
taneous combustion. The chandler pub
lished this relation, also the long and
wordy affidavit of hajf a dozen workmen,
candle-makers, who affirmed that they
had seen flre generated from a similar
cause, and that they gave their testi
mony simply out of kindly Interest in the
world at large, to warn others against
similar loss by fire from a similar cause.
The Fire Plugs of Early Times.
There will occasionally be seen- in the
streets of Eastern* cities the wor^ls "Fire
Plug" cut into a wall or post. Until a
year or two ago (and I presume it is there
still) the inscription "Fire Plug, 26 Feet,"
was cut in the granite wall of the burial
ground In "Washington street, opposite
Rutland street, Boston. These flre plugs
are primitive relics of the old wooden
.aqueduct days when . the water supply
came through a row. of willow logs laid
on either side of the wall from Jamaica
Pond into the heart of Boston. At the
point marked by this inscription there
was a sort of tank formed of oak boards
that would hold about three hogsheads of
water, and in it a small wooden plug was
set. . At an alarm of flre the plug was
drawn and the flre engine took— what
water It could get. The words "26 feet"
indicated the force of the water. There
were in all twenty of these fire plugs In
Boston. The word "hydrant" has In gen
eral supplanted the word "plug," though
I am told the latter is still used in some
of our cities. t . ¦
A Great Fire in New York.
The flre of the Merchants' Exchange
in 1835 was a gi eat crisis in the develop
ment of the city of New York. The water
supply of "the city had been meager and
miserable to an incredible degree. There
were wells, but even "horses refused to
drink the water from them; the water
was full of filth: there was a tea-water
pump which supplied drinking water, then
carried by carts all over the town. There
was a very scant aqueduct system by
which a poor supply of brackish water
was pumped up from wells and carried by
hollow logs through a few streets. After
this disastrous fire the Croton water sys
tem was evolved and perfected. It was
opened with a etreet parade, a formal din
ner, a ball and a concert, at which an
anthem was sung having such verses as
these:
Water leaps, as if delighted.
While her conquered foes retire.
Pale contagion riles, affrighted,
With the baffled demon, Flre.
IX.— EARLY FIBE PROTECTION.
-
nance these musters until certain restric
tions were enforced he was threatened
with personal assault and a general riot
seemed inevitable.
When Fire Engines Came Into Use.
When fire engines came into more gen
eral use still more attention was paid to
the formation of flre companies. Small
wages were paid, fire drills were held,
certificates of conduct were given. A cer
tain number manned the rope and each
had duties assigned. When the fire was
over and the engine was again In the en
gine house a roll was called and all ab
sentees were fined. .
"The newspapers had constantly from
persons who had lost property by flre
cards of thanks to ail who had helped
them in their time of need. Thus In 1827
in a Hartford newspaper Enoch Perkins
presented his cordial thanks to the engi
neers, flre wardens and members of ttte
fire society for their assistance at tha flre
at his dwelling place.
About Spontaneous Combustion.
Public spirit was also shown in warn
ing against the causes of flre. Spontane-
COPYRIGHT, 1901.
AUTHOR OP "COLONIAL DAYS IN OLD NEW YORK," " "STAGE COACH AND
Fire Laddies of the Olden Days of
trie American Union.
By .A.lio© Morse lEa-rles
Picturesque and Interesting History" of the
PAPERS ON CURRENT TOPICS.
Prepared by Experts and Specialists for
The San Francisco Call.
There was scant fire Insurance a century
ago. In Philadelphia was "The Philadek
phia Contrlbutorship for the Insurance of
Houses by Lobs by Fire," which is sup
posed to have "been founded by Franklin,
and which, still exists. The rate was 20
shillings on £100, the policy running for
seven years. The premium was In the na
ture of a loan, returned at the end of the
term without interest. No house with
shade trees near it would be insured. A
label was tagged to the insured house. A
rival insurance company was started and
took the' distinguishing tag or label of a
tree to affix to the house, since' it insured
tree-embowered houses.
For many years these two Philadelphia
fire insurance companies were the only
ones. It is not known that by 1795 a single
building In Boston was ¦ insured against
fire." There existed a primitive sort of
mutual insurance, which was another ex
ample of the general helpfulness, the
neighborliness which everywhere existed.
It was. a recognition of the principle that
the loss which is sharp to a single person
falls lightly on many. A citizen whose
house or shop had been destroyed would
send out a paper or publish a notice call
ing attention to his misfortune and ask
ing the assistance of his .fellow-townsmen
on the ground t that- God's hand might
next visit them/and they would need the
help he now implored. These petitions
were not necessarily from those in desti
tute circumstances and It may be assumed
th'at liberal response was given. There
were also friendly societies which carried
out these methods. The Massachusetts
Mutual, the first company in Massachu
setts, was established with the century;
it had some curious rules. If a policy
holder allowed his pump to get out of
order and remain so after his,- attention
had been called to it he had to pay a fine
of $2. He was also fined If his chimney
caught fire. The first fire insurance law
suit in the United States was brought
against this company in 1807.
Caring- for the Firfe Buckets.
Fire rules were rigid enoukh everywhere.
There was a fine of £1 for disobeying any
order of the fire warden. If the house
holder could not display to the warden
his fire buckets hanging In good order In
their proper place he was fined. In New
York if the constable fetched home the
fire buckets t.n the owner after the fire
he got 6 shillings apiece for his pains.
This was deemed excessive and it was
more than hinted that the constable hid
them in order to claim the reward. Us
ually the buckets were left in a pile or
set up on fence posts and owners and
their servants came to claim them the fol
lowing day., • Sometimes they were lost by
being put carelessly into the river to be
filled and left to sink to the bottom. So
they were not a cheap accessory to the
household. '
The Old; Volunteer Firemen.
The old volunteer • firemen of the first
half of the nineteenth century were a Ric
turesque and. Inspiring group. All classes
of society, from the wealthy merchant to
the humblest . workman, served under the
volunteer's heavy hat. Men left their
homes to risk their lives for the preserva
tion of the homes of others, and they did
it unasked, and as simply as if they were
walking to church. The fire laddies of
the first salaried companies were made
immortal by Chanfrau on the stage and
through innumerable caricatures in the
press. "Mose" in his red shirt, with black
broadcloth trousers tucked into boottops,
and his distinguishing "soap locks" hang
ing down his shaven cheeks, was a real
character. It is told that in New York
in 1820 there were 500 alarms of fire, so
the companies were never Idle. The fights,
contests of skill, rivalries of love and
"washouts" of the different companies
were episodes of American life, and the
engineer with his trumpet was a hero.
The orgies of 'the firemen's .annual mus
ters grew -to be obnoxious to many law
abiding citizens, and when my father, in
a position of authority, refused to counte-
PERSONAL .MENTION.
Dr. Nat Green of Watsonville is at the
Grand. : . (
Colonel T.-.M. McGregor is at the Occi
dental. . • "
¦William of Riverside is at the
Palace
W. P. Thomas is registered at the Grand
from Ukiah. . .
E. ' S. Lippitt, an attorney of Petaluma,
is at the Lick.
Brigadier General James M. Bell is at
the Occidental.
Clay M. Greene, is registered at the
Grand from New York.
; John F. Campion' and ¦William Lawrence
of Denver are at the Palace.
George A. Belcher/assistant cashier of
the Bank of Eureka, is at the Grand.
David Starr Jordan, president of Stan
ford University, is at the Occidental.
Frank R. Wehe, District Attorney of
Sierra County, is registered at the Lick
*rcra Downieville.
Dr W E. Poole of Treka left for his
home last evening. He haa been spending
the' winter in the city. f
" B. M. ¦ Lelong, secretary of the State
Board of Horticulture, is registered at the
Grand from Sacramento. *
A further examination of the subject will in most
ir-stances trace this difference in cost^to the con
st'mer to a difference in the cost of the supply which
is reflected in the quality of the water.
Chicago, Washington, Philadelphia, New York and
Boston are the leading large cities of the country which
have a water supply. under public ownership. In each
of them the supply is of very poor quality, and for a
considerable part of each year non-potable and dan
gerous to health. A standing notice is seen daily in
the Chicago papers warping consumers not to use the
city water. This is an official notice, and is con
tinuous throughout the year. The districts where
the water is fatal, where it may be used if boiled,
where it may be used with caution and where it is safe,
are numbered, and the people are put on their guard.
In Washington . City the United States owns the
water supply, and it is probably the worst water,
chemically and physically, that is to be found in the
country. The Philadelphia supply is but little behind
in vileness, and that of New York is so dangerous
that only those use it who have to. In New York
a large number of people make a profitable business
of supplying pure water from a large spring that flows
near the Harlem mere, which is sold at ten cents a
pail.
In Boston the spring water wagons peddle pure
water just as milk is peddled in cities. If these water
plants were in corporate ownership the people,
through the authority of Government control, would
compel the filtering and purifying of the water, as is
done wherever the supply needs it.
Making the water uniformly fit and safe for us?
adds to its cost and may account for a large part of
the two and a half cents a day which it costs in ex
cess of the unfiltered and unfit public supply. To
point out these things is not opposition to public
ownership, but it is the giving of proper information,
which the people should have.
In order to have a complete view the vital statis
tics of cities should be considered; Zymotic diseases
are influenced by water supply, and if they are more
pievalent and' more fatal in the public ownership
cities where an unfit supply is furnished it will be
readily seen that in the cost of sickness the small mat
ter of two and a hajf cents a day is wiped out.
The ownership of water, light and railway plants
is a business proposition, whether public or private,
and the public should give it the same careful fore
thought that is expected from a private investor.
SUPERVISO R REED somewhat mistakes the
attitude of The Call upon the question of rmmi
. cipal ownership. of public service industries.
The proponents of that policy have held the front of
the stage and have done all the educating of public
opinion on the, subject. The opponents are, natu
rally, thepresent owners of those industries, who arc
temporarily intrenched behind franchises that have
various periods to run. Between the two are the tax
paying and ratepaying people, who are finally to de
cide the issue, and'with whom is the public opinion
which is to influence the decision.
1 As far afc The Call is concerned it feels no other in
terest than oViginates in' a desire to enlighten pub
lic opinion. It cannot be said that the advocates of
public ownership have .been nicely scrupulous nor
exact in' their, statement of facts. They have widely
published that the profits of municipal ownership of
street railways and wafer supply pay all the cost of
government in Glasgow and relieve the people en
tirely of taxation. This statement was made by
Mayor Phelan, doubtless upon authority of that pub r
lication. Nothing can go farther to, influence public
opinion favorably to the proposition.* But, upon in
quiry we found the statement to be untrue. We found
that in addition to all the revenue derived from her
public service industries the people of Glasgow are.
taxed a trifle higher than the rate in San 'Francisco
and Oakland. Therefore, if the people of this city
were induced to adopt public ownership in the belief
that they would be free from taxation they would act
under a deception, and in the reaction which would
follow might abandon 4 he policy of public ownership,
as the people of Philadelphia did in respect, to the
lighting of that city.
Again, we deprecate a policy of spoliation intended
to destroy the capital invested in* public service in
dustries, which is too often the motive of its advo
cates. In that connection we have pointed out that
in Europe wherever public ownership is adopted the
existing plants have been taken' over at a valuation
that does not despoil' the stockholders and destroy
thtii capital.. The destruction of capital is not a sound
public policy. "To oppose it is not opposing public
ownership, but is removing from that policy the spirit
of revenge and reprisal which is, unfortunately, too
apparent in its advocates.
Mr. Reed makes the argument of greater cheapness
of a public water supply, quoting the statistics gath
eied by the Merchants' Association of New York.
The average cost in the United States for water per
family is $21 55 per annum for the public supply, and
$.30 82 for the private jor corporate supply, a differ
ence in favor of public ownership of two cents and
five mills per day. x
MUNICIPAL OWNERSHIP
> From these combined explorations we may expect
many of the secrets of the great southern continent to
be revealed, and doubtless from the revelations science
will know how to derive a profit that will repay the
cost and the labor to attain it. Pole-searching is not
now the dangerous adventure it was in the days of
Sir John Franklin, and, moreover, it is not being
conducted for the same purposes. Franklin and the
men of his time were looking for a passage for com
merce. ,The explorers of to-day are looking, only
for facts to widen the boundaries. of science/. Con
sequently, while the old explorers were foredoomed
tc failure/the new may be reasonably expected to suc
ceed. ' ,
Of all the expedition? that of Germany is said to be
the only 6ne that has been fully equipped by the Gov
ernment. The others are to rely to a considerable
extent upon funds furnished; by voluntary contribu
tions, and it appears j that all of ~ them are thus far
hampered by a lack of funds. It is expected, how
ever, that all will, be Avell supplied before the time
comes for them to start. . The .German ship will sail
in August/ and the Scotch and Swedish in Septem
ber, and the English Government vessel will leave
Melbourne in. November.
. The (frraan; and the' English-expeditions will give
especial attentigji to magnetic work, while the Scot
tish expedition, it is;5aid, will concentrate its atten
tion almost wholly upon bceanographical exploration.
It is to be conducted under control of W. S. Bruce,
who has already made four voyages to the Arctic and
one to the Antarctic, and is therefore experienced in
the \Wk he has undertaken. *
headquarters at Kerguelen Islands and the .Swedish
expedition on the mainland and islands directly to the'
south of Cape Horn. The Antarctic will thus be at-,
tccked from every. point, the various landing parties
each proceeding from their bases and pushing into the
unknown : toward a fb'mmon center. "V
The spring: publishing: season fs now be
ginning In earnest. Thu year there Is
some talk of extending .the season well
into the summer. Mr. Helnemann haa
again chosen August for the publication
of Hail Caine's new novel. Dull as things
have been, dull as has been the outlook,
booksellers are now anticipating a brisk
market till at least the end of June. "V/e
want Americans over to wake us up," re
marked a "West End bookseller the other
day. Americans seem to be large boalc
buyers when they come to London."
One feature of the season is the enor
mous output of sixpenny reprints of. popu
lar novels. Publishers have been selling
these paper-covered editions literally by
hundreds of thousands. Messrs. Cassell.
for instance, have calculated that thirteen
of their sixpenny editions have sold a
million and a quarter copies. The secret
of their success, of course, is that tha
popularity of each book has previously
been tested in the more expensive form.
Among the new bocks which have re
cently run into second editions are Chur
ton Collins* "Ephemera CriUca. Lady
Hodgson's "Siege of Kumasi." FrankBuL
len's "Sack of Shavings"' and Barry Pain s
"Another Englishwoman's Love Letters.
An American novel wbich is havins: an
unusual run in this country, where It if
being published both by Fisher Lnwlnand
Grant Richards, is Irving BacheUer •
Eben Holden," Unwln's alone having
reached the third edition of the book.
Messrs. Methuen's most successful novel
of the year is Miss Findlater's "A Narrow
Way," which will shortly reach Its third
edition. Mrs. Croker's "State Secret and
Mrs. Dudeny's "The Third Floor.' also
published by the Messrs. Methuen. are la
second editions.
Considerable prominence has been givea
in some London papers to a circumstantial
statement of tha existence in the Publlo
Record office- of a certain sealed bag, sup
posed to contain love letters of Quee^
Elizabeth, which presumably are of sucfi.
a compromising nature that the tag in
question can only be opened by Joint con
sent of the sovereign, the Lord Chancellor
and the Archbishop of Canterbury. Th«
statement evidently was made In good
faith, but the Athenaeum, commenting on
the subject, says: "Those who are cuiu
ous in such matters will perhaps feel in-\
clined to speculate on the possible* con
nection of this legend with the title of th»
medieval "Baga de Secretis' and with the
famous casket of letters and miscellane
ous collection of state papers known as
King William Ill's chest, which has late
ly been described in ihe new Home Orac« •
calendar, published in th« Rolls series.
Even so, the association of the "sovereign
for such purpose with the two dignitarijs
referred to seems to savor somewhat or
Gilbertian humor. The story no doubt Is
of foreign origin."
After spending six months in exploring
Christmas Island Sir John Murray ha*
Just returned to England. Sir John 13 a
distinguished writer as well as explorer,
and was appointed editor in 1882 of tn©
most extensive scientific work ever pub
lished—the scientific results of the Chal
lenger expedition, which Ihe British Gov
ernment sent out to investigate the physi
cal and biological conditions of the Atlan
tic and Southern Pacific oceans. The re
port embraces nearly fifty large volumes
and is said to have cost the Government
abqut £100.000 (?500.000X
GOSSIP FROM
LONDON'S WORLD
OF LETTERS.
THE SAN FBANpiSCO CALL, FRIDAY, APRIL 19, 1901;
6
FOR OLD AGE •
To the old, as to babies, the
even balance ol health is more
important than anything else
in the world. The possible
health, in age, is net high and
strong ; it is only even.
There is no end, but death,
to the trouble that comes of its
loss. It ought to "be watched
like a baby's.
Scott's emulsion of cod-liver
oil for very old and very young
—in different ways — is the food
to secure this even h'ealth.
We'll send yea s little to try, if yon like.
SCOTT &. EOWXE, 409 Pe«l »trs*«. Urnm York.
ADVESTISEMEHTS.
Call ftnbscrfbers contemplating a change of
residence during: the summer months can ham
Ihflr paper forirarded by mall to their new
addresses hy notifying: The Call Business Office.
Thin pajicr Trill also be on sale at all Bummer
resorts and Is represented by a local agent In
all towns on -the coast.
TO SUBSCRIBERS LEAVING TOWN FOR THE SUMMER.
Choice candles, Townsend's, Palace Hotel.*
CaL glace fruit 50c per lb at Townsend'a.*
"Ex. strong hoarhound candy. Townsend's.*
. Ice cream chocolates, Boston mints, ala-
cuma. Townsend's, 639 Market street. •
Townsend's California glace fruits, EOc a
pound. In fire-etched boxes or Jap bas-
kets. 639 Market. Palace Hotel building. •
Special' Information supplied dally* to
business houses and public men by tha
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont*
eomery street. Telephone Main 1042. :-\ .
' ¦ m m
"Tou see he was in the Belgian har«
raisinz business and he failed.
"Didn't pay?"
"No; but that Isn't all. He appointed m»
receiver, and everybody's calling mo a
hare receiver."— Yonkers Statesman.
Columbia — "More Than Queen."
California— "The Countr Fair."
Central— "Julius Caeear." '¦
Tlvoli— "The Idol's Eye."
Orpheum — Vaudeville.
Alcazar — "Oh Susannah."
Grand Opera-house — "East Lynne."
Olyznpia, corner Mason and Eddy streets— Specialties.
Chutes, Zoo and Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon and
even Inc.
Fleeter* b— Vaudeville.
Mechanics' Pavilion— Art Exhibition.
¦ Recreation Park— Baseball.
Metropolitan Temple— Lectures Monday, April 22, afternoon
and evening.
AMUSEMENTS.
AUCTION SALES.
By John Eld^r .* Co.— Monday. April 22. at 2:30 o'clock.
Dry Goods and Gents' Furnishing*, at 1722% Market street.YOUNG COUPLE WHOSE MARITAL /WOES WILL SOON BE . AIRED IN
COURT. THEY HAVE BEEN MARRIED LESS THAN A TEAR, BUT HAVE
HAD MUCH TROUBLE AND NOW SEEK DIVORCE.
Supervisor Jennings is authority for the
statement that the Finance* Committee, of
which he is chairman, has practically de
cided to pay only 50 per. cent of the old
debts of the city contracted under former
administrations. Jennings believes :that
the constitutional amendment recently
adopted and providing for the payment of
the old claims gives the board discretion
ary power in the matter of settling them.
This action is in' consonance with the rec
ommendation of Auditor Wells, made some
time ago, that the claims be pro rated.
Wells states, however, that there are final
judgments against the city amounting to
$80,000, and these must be pafd in full. The
teachers are included in the pro rata
proposition, and it is quite likely that all
the city's creditors will obtain final judg
ments to secure the full amount . of their
claims.
CITY'S 'CREDITORS WILL
NOT BE PAID IN FULL
The Supervisors' Street Committee cited
Jere Burke of the Market-street Railway
Company to appear before it. yesterday to
explain why the unused tracks on Fifth
street,' between Howard and Townsend,
had not been removed. This action was
the result of the petition of the Soijthslde
Improvement Club that the tracks be
taken up. Burke stated that the company
intends to complete immediately the con
struction of tracks on Fifth street 1 so as
to afford communication between the
Market street line and the Southern Pa
cific depot.
Captain Payson of the «, San Francisco
and San Joaquin Valley Railway Com
pany asked that the petition for a fran
chise to lay tracks on, Fourth, Michigan
and Georgia streets be granted. Payson
explained that the tracks will be neces
sary in order to reach the Potrero indus
tries in the operation of the Illinois street
line pending the filling in of China basin
and the construction of a seawall.' Action
was postponed for one week. •
UNUSED TRACKS ON FIFTH
STUEET TO BE TAKEN TJP
Valley Road Asks for Additional
Franchises in Order to Beach.
Potrero Industries.
Miss J. Frank, Miss B. Dworzazek, Miss M.
Gambitz, Miss M. A. Wright, • Miss M. E.
Holmes, Miss Elizabeth McDonald, Mrs. F.
A. Deane. Miss Lucile O'Connell, Miss E. T.
Holmes, Miss M. Liner, Miss A. B. Cookson.
Miss Rose M. Stack. Miss N. Etb, Miss I.
Hemmlngway, Miss E. B. Cleary, Miss M. E.
Harrington and Miss S. E. Kelly.
-Of these Miss S. E. Kelly will return to
the substitute list when she reports for
duty, as her leave has been so long con
tinued that' she has agreed to -waive her
right to. her old position. The names of
the teachers now serving in place of those
who will come back on July 22 and who
will be relegated to their old places on
the substitute Dst follow: < «
Mfss A. D. Miley of James Lick School: Miss
M. E. Callaghan, principal of Clement School;
MIfs S. E. Kelly. Mission Grammar; Miss K.
L. Williamson, Fairmount Primary; Mrs. E.
Schmidt, Adams Cosmopolitan ; T. B. White,
Washington Grammar; Miss Elizabeth McDon
ald, substitute; Miss S. M. Kingsbury, Lowell
High; Miss Pearl Hobart, Emerson Primary;
Miss Charlotte Thompson. Pacific Heights;
Miss K. Callahan, Dudley Stone School; Miss
M. A. Ryan, Agassiz Primary; Miss C. L. Mor
ton, .Longfellow Grammar; Miss A. E. Suther
land, Grant Primary: Miss Tlllle McCarthy.
Lincoln Grammar; Miss Ruth G. Campbell,
Broa'dway Grammar: Miss Mar&aret Bailie.
Bernal Primury; Albert W. Lyser, Lincoln
Evening; Miss E. M. Stafford. Richmond Even
ing; W. D. Plunkett, Lincoln Evening; Miss
A. M. Wolfe, Cooper ! Primary; Miss L. E.
Wolfe, Cooper Primary. ' ¦ . .
, The only way In which the. displacement
of teachers assigned to regular classes
may be avoided "will be for tho board to
net favorably on tho recommendation ot
Superintendent Webster that thirty addi
tional teachers bo employed in overcrowd
ed districts. The fact that the board Is
not disposed to look kindly on the sug
gestions of the Superintendent'* office and
that the Supervisors are disposed to cut
considerably tho estimated requirements
of the School Department makes the pos
sibility of additional teachers a remote
one. The board announces, however, that
in no event will the salaries of the tpach
ers at present employed be reduced, as
feared by Superintendent Webster. .Pro
vision will be made to keep the salaries
where they are, and teachers, say the Di
rectors, need not- share fVebster's fear.
The names of the teachers who are on
leave of absence until July 22 and are ex
pected to return on that date follow:
. The fact that. at least twenty teachers
are about to return from long 1 leaves of ab
sence will preclude the possibility of any
more appointments by the Board of Edu
cation for some time to come. Director
Mark stated yesterday that th© absentees
have until July 23, or the beginning of th«
fall term,; to report for duty, and those
now aenine In their atead wm be returned
to the substitute Hat in the order ot their
appointment.' As it la intended to limit
the substitute list. to fifteen, the surplus
will of necessity bo put on the day unns
ftlgned list.
Those Who Replaced Absent
Tutors. Will Become
Substitutes.
Twenty About to Ee^
turn From Leaves of
Absence.
MORE TEACHERS
NOT NECESSARY
Mrs. Alice Carroll;, wife of . an engineer
on a Sacramento River * freightboat,* was
found ' dead ?n her i residence ' yesterday,
178 Thirteenth street, kneeling by a chair.
Her -husband' is In Sacramento. . It Is be
lieved that death .was caused by a stroke
of apoplexy. -
Dies While on Her Knees.
An entertainment will be given at the
Girls' High School this afternoon for the
benefit of the Teachers' Annuity Fund.
The talent will include representatives
from all the local theaters. Tickets may
be obtained from any of the students of
the school and at the door this afternoon.
The entertainment begins at 3 o'clock.
Teachers' Fund . Benefit.
Em'l Rivierre, whose domestic troubles
have been paraded in the newspapers for
some days, and his wife have become
thoroughly reconciled. Rivierre tele
phoned to Captain Seymour yesterday
morning that he was agreeable to his
wife having the custody of their boy.
Rivierre said he and she would live hap^
plly together In this city. ,'
Rivierres Reconciled.
The largest attendance of any afternoon
since the opening of the California Club
exhibition at Mechanics' Pavilion reward
ed the efforts of- the committee in charge
yesterday. An unusually attractive _ pro
gramme gave assurance of a delightful
afternoon, but independent of that influ
ence the attention bestowed upon the ex
hibits was proof that public interest is
growing day by day. \\ * ' .,
Robert Downing's address and readings
were the feature of the afternoon pro
gramme that evoked most praise from the
audience of fair women. He gave a short
and most instructive address on" the "Art
of Staging a Classic Play," and concluded
by reading the "Seven Ages of Man,
first as he had heard it given by aspirants
to the stage and then as he has so often
read it for the pleasure of theater goers.
His resonant voice and virile acting car
ried the audience by storm, and in re
sponse to' an insistent encore the trage
dian gave a humorous recitation, imita
tive of a Sunday school boy reciting
"Mary Had a Little Lamb."
Miss Julie Cotte sang Arditi's "Speak"
and "The Holy City." Arthur Cunning
ham sang "Let Me Love Thee,". by Ar
diti and "Maureen," by Needham. Both
he and Miss .Cotte were in fine voice and
elicited much applause. •.
Mrs. J. P. Wilson sang as a contralto
solo "Dost Thou Know That Sweet
Land?" from "Ml&non," and "Allah," by
Chad wick.
Mrs. J. C Crawford, chairman of com
mittee A, and her committee were in
charge for the day, and were the recIpi-[
ents of many compliments upon their suc
cess. .
The musical programme for the evening
was in charge of Mme. E. To^ietti. Among
The growing popularity of : the bicycle Is
chiefly beyond doubt due to the fact that It
meets so perfectly the wants of the American
people of all classes.' The business man, \ the
health seeker, the clergyman and physician,
and lovers of outdoor exercise, all find In, It
what they need. No other invention ever had
in it so many elements to win popular favor.
But the price at which it is now offered to
the public removes the only obstacle that ever
existed to its universal . adoption by the
people as a whole. Its . moderate cost puts it
within the reach of all, even of those of a very
limited income. The popular response . to this
Btate of things is truly astonishing. Every
manufacturer Is busy, and new agencies are
being established everywhere. There is no
""boom," but a legitimate ; expansion ¦ ot ¦. the
business in . response to an actual and vast
increase . in ; the demand. The price settles it.
The people of the whole country have discov
ered that they can afford to own bicycles.- they
know . there is no pleasanter, more ; effective
means of obtaining. the exercise they . require,
and that Is why the supply can barely equal
the demand. All hail to the Wheel! . . :
The annual competitive drill of the or
ganization will be heldthis year; in Me
chanics' Pavilion on May 17. It is expect
ed that President McKinley will' review
the regiment. ' • ; *?£" ¦ ¦
Why the Bicycle Is Popular.
The following additional appointments
were made: Lieutenant Vinnie I. Carroll,
to be captain and inspector; Lieutenant
William Beasly of Company H, to be
first lieutenant and quartermaster; Cor
poral J. E. McCormick of Company D, to
be lieutehant of Company D; Lieutenant
James Toohy ?if Company G, to be cap
tain of Company G, and Thomas Eccles
of Company H, to be lieutenant of Com
pany H. . • - , . .' .
ganization in July. . .
At a meeting* of the officers of tnfe
League of the Cross Cadets held 'last
Wednesday evening it was decided to hold
the annual encampment at Napa f roiri
July 13 to the 21st. The camp will be
called Camp Power, in honor of the
colonel of the regiment. The members of
the organization are already planning for
the summer outing, and the encampment
promises to surpass previous, ones. Napa
residents are arranging entertainments in
honor of the cadets. The camp site is an
Ideal spot near the depot. There is a large
pavilion close by which is used for danc
ing. ;
Annual Outing of the Or-
CADETS TO HOLD THEIR
ENCAMPMENT AT NAPA
Arrangements Being Made for the
those who participated were Signor Pletro
Marino, Signora Polettini, Signor Zani,
Miss Katherine Black, David Manlloyd,
S. J. Sandy, Miss Freda Ohlandt, Miss
Mamie Schoken, Professor R. Laraja,
John Desmond, Harry Factor, Miss Emma
Strowbridge, F. G. Gantner, Mrs. Frank
J. Thayer, Miss M. Cumming and William
Davis.
The rare print of the Japanese madonna,
by . Helen Hyde, which has been greatly
admired during the exhibition, was pur
chased yesterday by Mrs. W. S. Leake.
Mrs. Aylett R. Cotton will be chairman
e ¦ I .. I . I .. I .. I .. I .. ! .. I .. I .. I .. ; .. I 4. I .. I .. I .. I .. I .. I .. I .. : .. I .. I . Q
In charge to-day. She will be assisted by
Mrs. William R. Plunkett, • Mrs. W. L.
Dickinson, Mrs. Mathilde GrothWell, Mrs.
Morris Newton. Mrs. William Irelan, Dr
Amy Bowen, Mrs. Sidney L. Strickland,
Miss ' Aileen Day, Mrs. C. J. Kaighln
Mrs. J. W. Hoyt. Mrs. Cleo Kilburn, Mrs.
C. L. Hovey, Miss K. Ball, Mrs. C. A.
Warren and Mrs. Paris Kilburn.
In the afternoon Mrs. Austin Sperry will
illustrate the use of the spinning wheel
and A. V. Robertson, the most famous
thrower in the United States, will, as us
ual, mold clay into beautiful , shapes by
aid of the potter's *wheel loaned by Mrs.
William Irelan. Robert Tolmie will ren
der a piano selection- and the Jewish Or
phan Asylum Band will play during the
afternoon." In the eveninr a more elabor
ate musical programme will be given, in
which well-known musicians will partici
pate.
Joe Green and C. H. Merrill, the not >-
nous pickpockets who came from the
East a few days ago to await the ar
rival of the Presidential party arid were
arrested Tuesday night for stealing a
diamond pin from F. C. Berry, are,
through their attorney, making the usual
effort to get the complaining witness out
of the way so that he will not appear
and prosecute the case against them.
When the case was called in Judge
Fritz's court yesterday their attorney
asked for a continuance till Tuesday, ex
plaining that Berry was going to Fresno
and would not return till'then. The Judg«
granted the continuance, and after fixing
the men's bonds in $1000 or $500 cash trans
ferred the case to Judge Cabaniss'
court. Fritz will be out of the city next
week. v
When Captain Seymour learned of the
long continuance he came to the conclu
sion that a scheme was on foot to get
Berry out of the way, and he waited
upon Judge Cabaniss and asked him that
The bonds be increased. The application
ivas strongly opposed by Attorney Mack
but the Judge decided to take no chance3
and increased the bonds to $2000 or $1003
cash In each case. Berry has promise 1
to be on hand Tuesday to prosecute the
case.
Ex-Chief Lees interviewed Green In the
City Prison yesterday. The,ex-Chief con
siders him one of the cleverest crooks In
the country. The Pinkerton detectives
"nave their eyes on Green and Merrill, as
they think they may be the men who rob
bed Clarence Waterhouse.
NOTORIOUS CROOKS
PLAYING FOB DELAY
TRAGEDIAN AND POPULAR MUSICIANS LEND ASSISTANCE
IN ENTERTAINMENT AT CALIFORNIA CLUB EXHIBITION
Mrs. Macondray could not be seen at
the residence of her parents, Mr. and
Mrs. Richardson, last night, "but her
nother discussed the rumored story of
iivorce freely. She said:
"The papers in the suit have not been
lied yet, but will be within a few days.
: am very sorry that the matter has been
riven so much publicity, but now that
t is known I have no objections to tell
ng the story of the troubles of my
laughter and her husband. The troubles
jriginated a short, time after the. mar
*iage and are due- to Mr. Macondray's
nsane jealousy. Hardly had they arrived
n the Philippines when we heard that
:hey were coming back. The reason for
:he return -was that the newly made
:ouple could not agree.
"They resided here with us for a time,
ind several times we were compelled to
nterfere to preserve peace. They then
eft us and went to a boarding-house, but
;heir disagreements still continued.
fVbout two months ago my daughter
:ame back to us and Mr. Macondray
went to live at his home. Under the cir
cumstances we thought it better to ask
[or a legal separation, and in a few days
the papers will be filed.
"There will be no contest, as near as I
can understand, and we were in hops
that the divorce could be procured witn
out this notoriety.
"The rumor that Mr. Macondray in
tended at one time taking the initiative is
all bosh. He could have no reason for
desiring a legal separation from my
daughter. The cause for the divorce has
been furnished by Mr. Macondray. His
Insane jealousy is simply cruelty, and his
wife has stood it long enough."
In the Divorce Court.
Decrees of divorce were granted Wednes
day to Annie A. Byrne from J. W. Byrne
for extreme cruelty, Sarah E. Simpson
from' Angus W. Simpson for • desertion,
Susan B. Newell from John R. Newell for
failure to provide and Lillie M. Crowley
from John W. Crowley for desertion.
Suits for divorce were filed yesterday by
Hattie Foster against Frank L. Foster for
desertion,- Annie Marie Loggie against
James J. Loggie for cruelty, E. L. Lenen
berger against Amanda Leneberger - for
cruelty, Mabel Corcoran against James
Corcoran for cruelty, Milton x.. Miller
against Mary E. •- Miller for desertion,
Edith Krohn against . Henry Krohn for
cruelty, Gertrude B. Day against Alfred
H. Day for failure to provide,- Lucy Par
ker against Louis E. Parker for failure to
provide and Louis Abraham, against Re
becca Abraham for cruelty. -
Decrees of divorce were also granted
yesterday to Sidney Sanders from Matilda
Sanders for desertion and Augusta Breun
er from John Breuner for desertion. Suits
for divorce have been filed by Lottie J.
Harding against John H. Harding for cru
elty, Charles E. Warn against Henrietta
Warn for desertion. Alice Himmel against
Edward Himmel for cruelty, Maud M.
Henry against Lusby Henry for desertion
and Kate Strand against Gustave Strand
for failure to provide.
THE sea of matrimony has provid
ed other than smooth sailing- for
the bark of yountf Arthur Macon
dray, which, though launched but
eight months ago, Is all but
wrecked from the buffetings and tosslnga
it has received.
Within a few days divorce papers win
be served and the law* of the State util
ized to sever the bonds that have brought
nothing but unhappiness to Macondray
and hi* bride, who was formerly Mlss»
Madge Richardson, vi '
Maeondray ancl Miss Richardson wre
married less than a, year as*, despite
strenuous objections of their parents, and
their troubles commenced shortly a-ftet
the ceremony was performed. Their
honeymoon trip Included a voyage to the
Orient, where younsr Maeondray was
*lated for a position in thft forctcn
branch of the- house rt Macondmy * Co.
Little la known of the happenings of tho
Irlp across the ocean, but within a month
after their arrival word was received that
th« newly wedded couple w&a bound for
this city. They arrived he 1 *© and took up
their residence with the parents of the
bride at 109 Frederick street. Hardly had
they become settled when people were
startled by the rumor that the young hue.
band had attempted suicide. The rumor
was denied and all seemed ecrcno until the
story of the prospective divorce was made
public yesterday. . ¦." '
Mrs. Macondray will be the plaintiff
and her grounds, as seated In the papera
now under preparation, is cruelty.
Last night Cannon went to the Lombard
street house and found that it had been
stripped of all its furnishings, and that
Mrs. Jacques- was at the St. Nicholas Ho
tel. He met only the deaf and dumb at
tendant, and after displaying an order of
court succeeded in locating Jacques. The
lawyer questioned him in regard to the
expenditure of O'Hare's money, and was
told that it had been used In the purchase
of the Lombard street and other prop
erty. Jacques finally refused to talk fur
ther, and Cannon, believing that he was
about to leave the State, as the. vacated
house would indicate, had the warrants
issued. Thus far the police have not suc
ceeded In finding the aged man.
On January 1 of this year Cannon found
that O'Hare had $12,000 on deposit in the
German Savings Bank. After $2400 had
loen drawn out the balance was made
payable to the old man or Jacques' son.
The latter closed the account and drew
out ?S0O0 on March 29. Recently $8000 has
been drawn by the son from the Hibernia
Bank, but the old man was present at the
time. This, with the exception of some
real estate, is all of O'Hare's property
that Cannon has yft been able to locate.
Mrs. Gowdy has repeatedly tried to see
her brother. He disappeared in Febru
ary and did not return until a few days
ago. In the meantime the Jacques fam
ily had communicated with O'Hare's other
Fisters in the East and urged her recall.
Attorney Cannon then commenced pro
ceedings for the guardianship of the aged
and incompetent man in Judge Coffey's
court, but failed in the serving of cita
tions. Jacques claimed that O'Hare had
been taken East by one of his other sis
ters and the Judge ordered him to appear
for contempt of court.
Mrs. A. Gowdey of Brcoklyn. O'Hare's
Fister. came to the coast last winter for
the purpose of taking: her brother East
and enrine for him for the remainder of
his life. She claims that age had robbed
him of his mind nnd that he was incompe
tent to manage his own cifairs. She re
tained Attorney W. M. Cannon and the
unsuccessful efforts of the two in even
meeting her relative occasioned the Issu
ance of the felony warrants.
Joseph O'Hare ram© to the Pacific Coast
In ISM. I*>" frugal hat>lt8 bd mH<J© weekly
dt-tiositii i» tho savintfg bnnka and ten
\.-«n» apo was rrpute^ to bo Vk-orlh JGO.OOO.
.\!n> ¦: « the men who *i«vo him omploy
inent was the father ot Ilioma* Jacques.
O'Hare roniatmtl with tho older Jacoues
i.- •¦'. th« time of the <>:; th of tho la«t
Minie'1 ««»i then retired to a modest horns
cm .<<¦•:¦¦ !¦•;¦¦•<¦' *o end his dav«. llts
money fUII remained ,'n the bHnkt and th*
tr.trn-M nddo«1 to the principal. At th«
rjitw of t!io century h<> had reached t'10
npe of 71 years and wa« feeble In both
mind nnd body.
In November of Inst year Thomas
jM.-qtit-s located his fathers former em
riloy* nnd Invited Mm to come to his
home at S2S L«ombard street. The Imita
tion was nceentcd and O'Hare moved his
few helor.g-lnps. He remained there until
February, when the house became almost
fli sorted and only a deaf &nd dumb woman
rofpor.ded to callers. Even before his dls
npsicaranoe from the Lombard-street
house his money Hai drawn in large
nmounts from the banks, some in hi*
presence and pome by Jacques' son, who
had been made a partner in the account.
The plranse story of the dir.appearanco
of an aered and demented man caused
warrants to be Issued iatc last r.lght for
the 7.rrcst of Thomas Jacques and his
wife on a charge of abduction. Money to
tSie extent of a small fortune ts Involved
ar.d Its whereabouts, like that of the age-1
man, will remain a mystery until the pi
ties now fought by th* police arc brought
lr.to court and made ta £*lv© an «xi>Jana-
Joseph O'Hare and His Money
Cannot Be Located
by Sister.
Thomas Jacques and His
"Wife Charged "With
Abduction. '
TRIES TO FIND
AGED RELATIVE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, ' FRIDAY/ 19, l?pl;-
Mrs. Arthur Macondray, Who Wedded Despite Parental Objections, Seeks
Release From Bonds That Proved Anything but Pleasant—Young Wife
Claims Her Husband Is Very Jealous and Therefore She Brings Suit
REPENTANCE AT LEISURE FOLLOWS
UPON HEELS OF A HASTY MARRIAGE
7
To-night, JOCKEY NIGHT,
NOW PLATIXO TO THE CAPACITY OT .
OUR VERT WALLS.
NEIL BURGESS,
ABIGAIL PRU^ "MSucridhof.
THE COUNTY FAIR
EVENTNO.....25C. 33c. 50c. 73e." *1 00
MATINEE SSc. 50c. 73o
Next Sunday Nlsht Charles H. Tale'»
' "THE EVIL EYE."
f*rtl IIUHIA SA-l FWCISCO-1
vUkUHlBlA IWISB IHEATBJ
LAST S NIQHT3. MATINEE SATHSO1T.
Last Time Sunday ISl&ht.
Blanche Walsh
In ths Imrertal Spectacle.
MORE THAN QUEEN
Th* moat corteous production known to th«
•ta*«.
This attraction win not *pp**r In Oakland.
Th* Columbia wtU b« dark durln* th« «Mkt
of April S3 nml f.>. owtn* to th« Ulncu
ft June* K. tuokott nrut th« can*
cellatlnn of hta tour.
IU«p«iUTt* May * with H*rn«*«
"8AQ HARHOK."
ORAND* OPERA HOUSE
,'.'¦ EVERT EVENXMO TI1I9 WEEK.
MtSS FLORENCE STONE AND JACK WEB-
STER In a Succ««sfut Revival of
EAST
LYNNE!
Prices— 10c. 15c. SSc. 50c. A Few Seats 75c.
Good Orchestra Seat Saturday and Sunday
Matinees 25 Cents.
Branch Ticket Office- Emporium.
Next 'Week— Tho Great Eastern Succeaa.
"UNDER TWO FLAGS." Florence- Stono aa
Cisarette. • y . -,'
VAUDEVILLE EXTFtAOTtDlN ART.
Francesca Redding and Co., Horace
Goldin, Barbareschi and Caste!-
-lano, Prevost and Prevost, Hal
Stephens and Co., Josephine Gas--
man and Picks, George H. Woods,
The Great American BiogTaph.
Farewell "Week of
. Tschernoff's Famous Dog Circus.
Reserved Seats, 23c; Balcony, 10c; Opera
Chairs and Box Seats. 50c.
Matinees "Wednesday, Saturday and Sunday.
BE LAS CO a*b THAICS Jfefftg.
TO-NIGHT, SATURDAY and SUNDAY EVG3.
MATINEKS TO-MORROW AND SUNDAY.
Last Appearances of
ROBERT DOWNING
In the Most Magnificent Production Ever Given
on This Coast of
JULIUS G^ESAR
Supported by a Powerful Company, Including
MASON MITCHELL.
. . 200— People on the Stage— 200.
PDffEC EVENINGS. .....10c. 15c, 25c. 33c, 50c
IftlLCj MATINEES 10c. 15c. 23<j
Next Monday— "A FAIR REBEL." the Most
Thrilling: of Military Dramas. .'•¦ *--¦
*TIV_PL.I*
Evenings at S. Matinee Saturday at X
. THIRD ENORMOUS WEEK!
The Greatest of All Hits.
THE
"hoot morv."
It Crowds the Theater Nightly.
HARTMAN as ABEL CONN.
WHEELAN as "HOOT MON."
POPULAR PRICES 25o and Mo
Telephone— Bush 9.
ofL "f* U 13? H. TD B? • ¦ -A ¦ 9
'Funniest Farce of the Year.
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
OH
Made all New York laugh.
SEATS NOW ON SALE FOR NEXT WEEK.
New York's Sensational Comedy.
"TJHE CONQUERORS."
UNDER THE AUSPICES OF THE
CALIFORNIA CLUB.
AN EXHIBITION
— OE^THE—
Industrial and Allied Arts
IS NOW IN PROGRESS
IN THE ART GALLERY
OF
MECHANICS' PAVILION.
TO CLOSE ON
SATURDAY EVE.. April 20.
Osen Afternoons and Evenlnzs.
Admission. 25c. Season Tickets. $1 50. Chll-
¦ . dree, 10c. - •
DA TEC TANFORAN
1 SAN FRANCISCO JOCKEY CLUB.
SIX HIGH-CLASS RACES DAILY.
April 15 to 19. Inclusive.
FINE CARD EVERY DAT. :-®mj&t
First Race Daily at 2:10 P. M.
Trains from Third and Townsend streets— 1,
10:30. 11:30 a. m.; 12:40, 1. 1:30, 2 p.m.
Returning, leave track at 4:13 and thereafter
at short intervals. Rear cars reserved for
ladles and escorts.
ADMISSION (INCLUDING R. R. FARE). » H.
E. J. POWER.* Racing Secretary.
CHUTES AND ZOO ¦SFiSSJ-.
-BIG VAUDEVILLE BILL.
LEAH MAY, the Giantess.
TO-MORROW NIGHT.
CAKEWALK and Gans-McGovcrn
. Fl£ht Pictures.
: Telephone for Seats— Park 23.
In the programme of /the LANE FREES
COURSE OF POPULAR LECTURE*., at
Cooper Medical College that on "Blood In
Health and Disease." by DR. HIRSCHFEL-
DER was erroneously dated April 13. It win
be delivered on FRIDAY. April 26.
YOU CAN BE BEAUTIFUL!
Every woman wants to be and can be beautiful—
if she will. It's not only an honest desire but a duty
each owes herself and to the world at large.
MME. IDALINE'S FACE CREAM
a perfectly harmless compound of vegetable sub-
stances, beautifies at once— showing no trace of its ap-
plication, while giving that softness and delicacy of
complexion, like the bloom of the peach, which we all
love to see. All face powders contain chemicals and
all other face creams contain grease and are a con-
stant menace to the skin and its clearness and beauty.
Ask your druggist or bend 50c and we will mail it to you.
Send 2c stamp for samples.
MME. IDALINE'S FACE CREAM CO., fflfrs.,
204 Powell St., San Francisco.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
LE ROY CIGAR
PACKETS Or"
URGE SUE 15 f
\ L. MILLER & SONS,'
543 BROADWAY. NY.US.A.
Strlotly Reliable.
i?^J Dr.Talcott
%*m* & co#
y^l^T/tfrv Weakness of
fWjMENONLY
THEnB IS NO SUCH CONDITION AS
: \tcaknesa in a man under fifty yearn of age,
other than general debility. Prematureness.
loss of vitality, etc.. are but symptoms ot
tome damage «to the reproductive system,
caused by a contracted disorder or early dissi-
pation. In looking for the location of this dam-
age we generally nnd un enlarged, swollen and
Inflamed prostate glaml. As this gland Is the
very center of the reproductive system It can
readily be understood that Inflammation of It
must cause disordered function. These cases
are promptly benefited by proper treatment,
otherwise the patient goes from bad to worse.
The essential point In all of them Is the neces-
sity of the cure of the focus of the trouble in
the prostate. Many men have unsuccessfully
treated for a weakness and become discour-
aged, when. If an antiphlogistic plan of treat-
ment had been adopted Instead of tonics, a
euro would have been the result. In our ex-
perience there Is no druff in the Pharmacopoea,
taken into the stomach, that will even benefit
this class of cases. Our plan of treatment Is
entirely a local one, anu prompt results are ob-
tained, as Indicated by increased circulation
and return of natural vigor. Our colored chart,
which we mail on application, is interesting to
any one wishing to study the anatomy of the
male.
ear market street. Cor, sixth.
—1 ; ¦¦ ,
MUNYON'S INHALER
i^V^^P" Colds, Coughs,
! 0£m$S$g§L Influenza, Bron-
W$Mm^ iliill chitis > Asthma
liiiiifcdr HP and fl N Diseascs
iW °* the Throat
and Lungs.
Clouds of Medicated Vapor are inhaled through
the mouth and emitted from the nostrils, cleans-
ing and vaporizing all the inflamed and diseased
parts which cannot be reached by medicine taken
into the stomach.
It reaches thesore spots— heals the raw places
— goes to the seatof disease— acts as aoalm and
tonic to the whole system- f 1.00 at druoqtsts or
by mail. Munyon, New TorkandPhilaaelphia
®V1M, VIGOR. VITALITY for MEN
MORMON BISHOP'S PILL3
have been in use over fifty
years by the leaden of the
Mormon Church and their fol-
lowers. Positively cure the
worst cases in old and young
v arising from effects' of -. self-
abuse* dissipation, excesses or
cigarette-smoking. Cure Lost
. Manhood. Impotency, Lost
Power, Night Losses, Insom-
nia, Pains in Back, Evil Desires, Lame Back,
Nervous Debility. Headache, Unntness to Mar-
ry, Loss of Semen, mmm Vericocele or Con-
stipation, Stops Ne *"5 fl rvous Twitching
of Eyelids, Effects ZTtL-JiTLa r e Immediate.
Impart vigor and* 3 *™*^potency to every
function. Don't get despondent; a cure is at
hand. Restore ' small, undeveloped organs.
Stimulate the bratn and nerve centers; 50c a
box; 6 for $2 50 by mail. A written guarantee
to cure or money refunded with 6 boxes. Cir-
culars free. Address BISHOP REMEDY Co..
40 Ellis St., San Francisco, Cal. GRANT.
DRUG CO., 33 and 40 Third St.
World Famous Mariani Tonic
The medical profession as well
as all who have used Vin Mariani
pronounce it unequaled.
All Drtigfclsts. Refuse Substitutes.
HOTEI>
Visitors to San Francisco who make
their headquarters at these hotels en-
Joy comforts and conveniences not to
v be obtained elsewhere. Desirable loca-
tion, courteous attaches and unequaled
cuisine. American and European plans.
»GRAND~HOTEL«»
CDTTCXI17Q FOR BARBER3. DAK-
JjJ\U O JlliO e ". bootblacks, bath-
•*"****** houses, billiard tables,
brewers, bookbinders, candy-makers, canners,
dyers, flourmills, foundries, laundries, paper-
hangers, printers, painters, shoe factories, sta-
blemen, tar-roofers, tanners tailors, etc
BUCHANAN BROS.
Brush Manufacturers, 609 Sacramento Sfc
REmOVED.
PATRICK & CO;,
RUBBER STAMPS. ETC.. ; :
TO 22ISANSOmB ST.,.
Between Pine and California sts.
: ;: ** AMUSEMENTS. -'.
METROPOLITAN HALL,
" FIFTH ST.. NEAR MARKET. "
ERNEST SETON-THOMPSON,
The Famous Naturalist and Writer,
Will Lecture MONDAY, April 22, Afternoon
and . Evening, on
." HIS WILD- AMMAL F'lENDS." .
Under -the Auspices of the California Club.
- Prices— $1, 75c and 50c. * Children half price.
Tickets at Sherman. Clay & Co.'s.
BASEBALL.
-Thursday and Friday. "Ladies' Days,"
-¦^/\T 3tl5,P. /V\.
LOS ANGELES^s. OAKLAND.
RECREA T1ON FARM, .
and Harrison streets. \
FT^CHFR'S CONCERT HOUSE.
¦ Damery ' and Bancroft,'" 1 Laura Lopez, Jack
Symonds. Agnes Fried. Tom Mack. Moll and
Karl, ¦ Leota Howard and ; Melville Coakley.
- Reserved seats, ¦ 25c. Matinee Sunday.
,lhe |; jpSp ordy
IH ( Here's the hat that's made a hit. Last '.*$ [! 5 ;jj&
(¦ W Saturday we sold dozens and dozens of v /7$$^Sf!{s,^ Jfla
J. n '¦' them, because the hat is so popular and ' .'.';i^ w^SjSl
! v \j>' the price so low. .The colors of this flat '.' ''vQfll
I !'/"• brim golf hat are black, brown, cedar, pearl, blue pearl and v'vDsi
'&'/ steel. ¦:. .... " .-•.¦¦••.¦ ; ;.>, •-. , -. : ' : Ma
¦fy Derbys, Fedoras and Grecos in all' shapes and shades al!>$ M
x'; the -same price — $i.f)5- " - ' '/'•/I Ira
fa- Grand Duke Stiff Hats, $2.50. ¦ ; . .T.lLaL I .^__ '/% j|H
$ Out-of-town orders filled— write us. ji
b fc* > • d \iUfnnn c dc\ % I
T18 rWaT«ket Street, ( /f< VB
AXUSEM V, NTS.Bay C P C 58.103^ — Oak W Co 5S.102V4 —
Cal-st Cab 53.117 — Oceanic SS 5s.lO4 —
C C Water 5s.lO9Va — Om C R 6s 126 130
E L. & P 6s...l28V2l33^ Pac G Imo 4s. — —
F & Cl Ry 6S..115 — Pk & O R 6s. .117 —
Geary-st R 5s. — — Pk & Cl R 6s.lC5 —
Haw C 5%s...lO6i4 — Powell-st R 6sl20 —
Haw C 5s: 102V4 — S E G & R 5s — 101
L A R R os.. 113 — S F &SJV 5s.H8^ —
L A L Co 6s.. ..102 S R Of Cal 6sllO —
Do gntd 6s.. — 1C4 S P of A 6s
Do gntd 5s. .100 .. (1909) 112%113^
L A P R R.5s.lO2-Vi — Do (1910) — 114Vi
Do 1st C 5s.. 101 — S P C 63 (1905,
Market-st C 6sl25 127'^ . Series A)....106^i —
DoR lstC 5s.l22til23 DoCSeries B)107^i —
N C N G R 7s — 113% Do (1906) 110. —
N "R of Cal 6S.113 — Do (1912) — —
N R of Cal 58.119 — . S P C 1st g 5s.lO6>/J —
N P R R 6S..10U4 — S P Br R 6s. ..133 —
N P R R 5s.. 108% — S V Water 63.113 —
NCR 5s 111%— Do 4s.... 103?i —
O G L & H 53.110% — Do 2d mtg.. — 103Vi
Oak Tr Co 6S.115 116 Stkn G & E6s.l00 —
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa.. 72 72^|Spring Valley. 91 92
Marin County. 53% — I
GAS AND ELECTRIC STOCKS.
Cent L & P... 3 — ' Pac Lt Co.... 42% 43%
Eqult Gas .... ;!# — Sac E G & R- — —
Mut El Lt... 4% 6% S F & G E ... 44% 44%
O G L & H.. — 50% San Francisco. i\i *%
Pac Gas Imp.. 39# 40 Stktn G & E. — 14
INSURANCE STOCKS.
Firem's Fund.232 : i4 — |
• BANK STOCKS.
Anglo-Cal 72 SO Lon P & A 147 —
Bank of Cal.. .406 412 Mer Ex (llq).. 16 —
Cal Safe Dep..lO5 — S F National. 120 125
1st N of S F..310 315
SAVINGS BANKS.
German 1830 1900 Sav & Loan... — —
Humboldt .... — — Security 275 —
Mutual ........ 50 — Union Trust...— —
S F Sav U....515 —
STREET RAILROAD STOCKS.
California-st... — 140 |O S L & H.... 40 —
Geary-st 47% — Presidio 23 30
Market-st 70 — J
POWDER STOCKS.
Giant Con Co... 78% 79%|Vlgorit 2% 3
SUGAR STOCKS.
Hana Plan.... 7 7% Kilauea 20^ —
Haw Com 57 58% Makawell 40>4 —
Honokaa 31% 32 Onomea ....... 27% 29
Hutch S P.... 20% 21 Paauhau 31 —
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
Alaska Pack.. .126%127K Oceanic SS Co 48 48 '
Cal Fruit Can — 98 Pac A F A 2 —
Cai Wine Asn.100 — Pac C Bor Co. — —
Mer Ex Assh..H0 — Par Paint Co. IS —
• Morning Session.
Board—
190 Alaska Packers' Association 127 00
35 Contra Costa Water 72 00
50 Giant Powder Con 78 00
125 Giant Powder Con 78 50
10 Giant Powder Con 78'62%
25 Giant Powder Con ; 78 75
40 Giant Powder Con. .."...'..'.-.;.. .*.... 79 00
$4,000 Hawaiian C & S Co 5a ....102 25
• 25 Honakaa S Co....:; .....;;.....; 31 25
20 Hutchinson S P Co 20 87%
10 Kilauea Sugar Plantation Co 20 75
- 100 Makawell. b 10 2 40 00
125 Makaweli ~ 40 00
20 Oceanic Steamship Co.... 48 00
100 Paauhau S P Co, b 5... 31 00
10 Pacific Gas Imp 33 50
50 S F Gas & Electric Co 44 12%
50 S F Gas & Electric Co 44 25
; Street—
150 Alaska Packers* Association 127 00
46 First National Bank 310 00
2C0 Hutchinson S P Co ...2075
130 Kilauea Susrar P Co 20 62%
$12,000 Northern Ry of Cal 5s bonds 119 00
$4,C0O N P C R R 6s bonds... 103 00
$1,000 Oceanic Steamship bonds — : 104 00
Afternoon Session.
Board—
475 Alaska Packers' Association 127 00
50 California Wine Association 100 00
10 Kilauea Sugar Plantation Co 20 75
Jl.OCO Los Angeles Ry 5s bonds 113 25
Sl.CiOO Oceanic Steamship bonds 104 00
- 50 Pacific Coast Borax 152 50
15 Paauhau S P Co 31 00
25 Paauhau S P Co, b 10.... 31 12%
25 Paauhau S P Co. b 5 31 12%
60 Paauhau S P Co 31 12%
40 S F Gas & Electric Co 44 25
$1,000 S P of A bonds (1909)......... 113 00
5 Spring Valley Water 91 87%
$1,000 U S 3s bonds (coup) Ill 50
Street— • '
50 Alaska Packers' Association.. .....127 00
PRODUCERS 1 OIL EXCHANGE.
Morning Session.
Board —
200 Cnlifornia-Standard 33
300 Central Point Con..'. 1 35
3 Hanford 93 00
100 Home Oil .'. 3 80
100 Junction ;•. 62
400 Junction 51
10O Junction .: • 50
1CC0 Lion - 19
100 McKlttrlck Consolidated 12
300 McKittrick Consolidated 10
5C0 Monarch of Arizona 60-.
. 500 Monarch of Arizona...., 59
1000 Monarch of Arizona, s 30 : 69
200 Occidental of West Virginia 52
1000 Oil City Petroleum 26
500 Reed Crude *j>
150 Shamrock w
140 Sterling » • 2 10
100 Sterling f ij>
50 Wolverine •• 1 0o
Afternoon Session. .
Board— . '-'„':/'-/
1500 Bear Flag ....: i»
1000 Bear Flag • 17
200 Bear Flag 18
500 Bear Flag 19
100 Caribou "¦ '0
300 Four •"
1000 Four '. • -• «
2 Hanford 94 CO
400 Hanford-Fresno-Kern River. IS
700 Home ¦— 3 70
200 Junction . ol
50 Junction :••• 5«
25 Kern .' 7 00
12C0 McKittrick Consolidated 10
500 McKittrick Consolidated 09
200 Monarch, of Arizona 59
100 Occidental of West Virginia....: 52
200 Petroleum , Center 13
100 Sterling * 2 15
100 Wolverine 1 05
¦ Street — . . •
50 Kern 7 00
300 Home 3 70
SAN/ FRANCISCO OIL EXCHANGE.
Morning Session. .:••.¦.•*¦/••;
Board—
330 Kern Oil 7 12%
100 Occidental of West Virginia 53
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Bid.Ask. - Bid.Ask.
4s coupon ....113V4114-14I4S coup (new) .139%140-|»
4s registered.. H3?sll3% 1 3s quar coup..lllVJll2%,
UNITED STATES BONDS.
THURSDAY, April 18-2 p. m.
# Business was good on the morning" session
of the Bond Exchange. Alaska Packers' ad
vanced to J127 and Giant Powder to 179.
In the afternoon Sprtnjc Valley Water sold
up to $91 87^4. ,.;"
The oil stocks stood about the same, ¦with
moderate sales. Bear Flag sold up to 19c in
the afternoon.
The Makawell Sugar Company will pay a
dividend «£ 40c on the 25th.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
THURSDAY, April IS— 4 p. m.
3id.Ask. Bid.Ask.
Alpha 03 05 Justice 07 OS
Alta U4 07 Kentuck 01 02
Andes 05 1)6 Lady Wash .... 01* 02
Belcher 19 20 Mexican 36 37
Best & Belcher 21 22 Occidental 03 05
Bullion 03 04 Ophir 80 81
Caledonia 69 70 Overman 21 22
Challenge Con. 15 17 Potosl 09 10
Chollar 10 11 Savage 08 C9
Confidence 70 75 Scorpion — 04
Con Cal & Va.2 30 2 35 Seg Belcher.... 03 05
Con Imperial... — 01 Sierra Nevada. 29 3ft
Con New York. — 01 Silver Hill 3S 40
Crown Point... 09 10 St Louis 06 —
Eureka Con .. 06 — Standard 4 00 —
Exchequer — 01 Syndicate 05 —
Gould & Curry 19 20 Union Con .... 13 18
Hale & Norcrs 24 K Utah 04 05
Julia — 03lYellow Jacket. 13 14
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
Afternoon Session.
200 Best & Belcher 21| 300 Mexican 37
100 Caledonia 63 100 Ophir 84
100 Caledonia ..... 70 300 Ophir S2
300 Con Cal & Va.2 40 200 Ophir 7S
450 Con Cal & V.2 27Vi 300 Overman 21
250 Con Cal & Va.2 3«> 200 Sierra Nevada. 30
10O Mexican 3S 600 Union Con ... 18
500 Mexican 36 200 Yellow Jacket. IS
The following were the sales in the Pacific
Stock Exchange yesterday:
700 Alta OS) 300 Hale & Norcrs 23
300Alta 07 1200 Justice 07
500 Best & Belcher 20 500 Mexican C9
500 Bullion 04 700 Ophir 81
300 Challenge Con. 14 1000 Ophir 82
250 Con Cal & Va.2 35 500 Ophir 83
600 Con Cal & Va.2 iJ\ 200 Overman 22
700 Gould & Curry 20, 800 Sierra Nevada. 33
Morning Session.
300 Belcher 21, 800 Justice .07
100 Con Cal & Va.2S5 200 Mexican 33
400 Con Cal & Va.2 40 400 Ophir 81
50 Crown Point... 10 3C0 Overman ...... 22
300 Gould & Cuiry la 100 Savage 12
200 Hale & Xorcrs 2S 2C0 Sierra Nevada. 32
Afternoon Session.
800 Andes 05 ilCOO Justice 07
700 Belcher 2u 500 Mexican ....... 33
500 Best & Belcher 22 600 Ophir S3
200 Chollar 10 50 Ophir 83
100 Chollar C9 400 Overman 21
700 Con Cal & Va.2 33 1C0 Potosl 09
800 Con Cal & Va.2 30 1200 Savage 03
100 Gould & Curry 21 450 Union Con .... 15
300 Hale & Norcrs 25) 100 Yellow Jacket. IS
Morning Session.
The following were the sales in the Saa
Francisco Stock and Exchange Board yester
day:
2000 Petroleum Center 13*
Street—
1 Hanford 92 00
Afternoon Session.
Board—
SCO California-Standard 39
5 Hanford 94 CO
2CO Home Oil. s 30 3 SO
ICO Kern Oil 7 12^4
2C0 Monarch of Arizona 59
100O Petroleum Center 13
100 Stertlng 2 15
MINING STOCKS.
THE STOCK MARKET.
FOR THURSDAY, APRIL IS.
Flour, qr sks.... 25. 774 .Tallow, ctls .... 203
Wheat, ctls 5.230|Sugar, ctls a.OOO
Barley, ctls 8.700 Hides. No £!>
Oats, ctls 230 Pelts, bdls 31"?
Potatoes, sks ... 1.24G Silver, flks «
Bran, sks 4,000 Leather, rolls ... 14.
Middlings, sks... *4(, Wine, gals 51.i0<»
Hay. tons ...:... 691 Lime, bbls la-
Wool, bales 77 ¦ ' -.
Receipts of. Produce.
$8 45 per 2000 pounds and J8 50 per ton. accord
ing to brand. . . ,. ..
SUGAR-Prices have been advanced 10c all
around. The Western Sugar Refining Company
quotes, per lb. in 100-lb bags: ,-_„•,
Crushed. 6.13c: Powdered. S.73c: Candy Granu
lated, 5.75c; Dry Granulated. 5.65c; Confection
ers' A." 5.63c; Fruit Granulated, a. 80c: Mag
nolia A. 5.25c; Extra C. 5.15c; Golden C. 5.0oc.
barrels, 10c more; half-barrels. 23c more: boxes,
30c more;" 50-lb bags. 10c more. No orders tafcen
for less than 75 barrels or its equivalent. Do:nl
nos. half-barrels. 6.40c: boxes. &65c per lb.
Foreign Futures.
CHICAGO, April IS.— CATTLE— Receipts.
8000; choice, firm;.:, others • steady; butchers'
stock, steady; good to prime steers/ J5@6; poor
Ch icago Livestock Market,
Liverpool! -- '
Wheat— ¦ . :.•.•*"; May. . July.
Opening v.5': 5 9% - - 5 9%
Closing ..-..-::: 6 9%" ~ 5 9*4
- .. ,¦-" v ; Paris.. . -
Wheat— • April. - May-Aug.
Opening 18 50 ¦ ' ' 19 10
Closing ........';.".. ..„., 18 45 ' 19 05
¦ Flour — " : : - - .•¦_. , .
Opening 23 40 ' 24 00
Closing . — . — ..... — . . 23 15 23 90
¦ Cash -quotations .were as follows: Flour,
steady; No. 3 spring wheat, 70@70%c; No. ,2
red. 7Hf"T73c; No. 2 corn. 43%c: No. 2 yellow,
43%c; No. 2 oats. 27>4 @27%c; No. 2 white. 29@
30c; No. 3 white, 2SVS@29%c; No. 2 rye, 53c;
good feeding barley, 46c; fair to cholcemalting,
48@55c; No. l.flaxseed.-.Jl 59; No. 1 Northwest
ern. $1 59; >prlme timothy seed,- $3 60<g"3 75; mess
pork, per barrel. $14 10<H14 15; UCWf. per 100
pcunds, $S 12%(i?8 15; v ehort-rlb sides (loose).
$S@S 2U; dry salted Ehoulders (boxed); $6 87%@
7 12%; short clear - sides, (boxed)/ $S30@S 35;
whisky, . basis of high wines. ?1 27; clover, con
tract grade. $lt • - . ¦ *¦;*.-
Artlcles-r ' '.-: Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels.... ".... 32,000 ¦ .' ', -, 35,000
Wheat, bushels IDl.OflO ' 65,000
Corn.'bushels ..131,060 ,' - 72,000
Oats, bushels .....i ...".235.000 . \ 20«.0no
Rye. bushels'. {......'.:...' 6.000 „; ' •¦¦¦ S.000
Barley, bushels .............. 6,000 <* '_.-, ¦' .<."3,000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the ; butter
market was weak; creamery; "15@19%c; dairy
ll©19c. Cheese, steady, .9%@llUc. : Eggs, firm;
fresh, 12c. . :- " • <* ';
Articles— " Open.
Wheat So. 2—
May 71%
July .'.". .' .. 71">4
Corn No. 2 — .
April ..: ....
May ,44%
July 44%
Oats No. 2—
May 25%
July 25'A
Mess Pork, per barrel-
May 14 15
July 14 22%
Lard, per 100 pounds —
May 8 07%
July 7 95
September 7 95
Short Ribs, per 100 pou:
May 8 12%
July 7 92%
September .... .7 85 /
;. ' High. Low. Close.
"71% 70% -71%
71% . 71H 71^
1 •••'. .... ' 43%
- 44% -43% 44
, 44',i 43% : 43%
25% 25% 25%
2aVi 25 , • 25
14 15 I 14 07% 14 10
14 35 14 22% 14 27%
8 07% 8 00 8 05 '
8 00 7 95 " 7 97%
8 00 7 95 7 97l<.
inds— ¦ . «,"
8 15 8 10 8 10
7 92% 9 7 87% 7 90
7 87%- 7 82% 7 85
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Shares - . .'.. : ¦ Closing
sold. Stock — . bid ¦
rwi.000 Atchiaon 69^
37.100 Atchison prefd S6"*:i
4,-SOO Baltimore & Ohio 83'
....... Canadian Pacific 9Ui
11.200 Canada Southern ;..; 675i
NEW TORK. April 18.— The promise of a
good bank statement on Saturday and the fur
ther relaxation in the money market which
resulted were the main motives in the renewed
speculative buying of stocks to-day. The move
ment of prices was exceedingly irregular and
profit taking was on a very heavy scale. The
reawakening of speculation was not achieved
without aggressive leadership by the profes
sional element, who called to their assistance
&11 the arts of manipulation to move prices up
ward, so as to afford the requisite attraction
to the cutside speculative world. While they
were developing new points of strength they
or their professional brethren were actively
Bell.ng to take prottts in the recently exploited
etocks. The influence was etUI manliest of
a lailure to announce the terms of the Bur
lington deal and also of the, suggestion coming
from St. Paul that 1'resident J. J. Hill had
6old out his holdings of Erie ttock at a specu
lative profit and that no great transcontinental
system was projected. The Erie stocks. Bur
lington. Northern Pacific and the Grangers gen
erally were affected by these considerations
early in the day. The active profit taking in
Amalgamated Copper and in Sugar were also
influences on the tide of depression. Sugar
was temporarily strong because of the advance
in the price of the refined product after the
market had closed last night, but sagged away
In a characteristic manner on the news later
in the day. Its depression was emphasized by
the heavy import duty levied upon refined
sugar in the British budget. Amalgamated
copper, on the other hand, scored practically a
complete recovery of its lots in the late deal
ings. The most effective leaders of the market
were Atchiton and Union Pacific. The deal
ings in both were on a very heavy scale and
a professional campalgifVor a rise was clearly
being: conducted In both. The irosBip to ac
count for the rise was that Atchison was to
be placed on a 4 per cent dividend basis and
that Pennsylvania interests were to be repre
eemed in the directory as a result of the al
l< ged acquisition of a large interest . by Penn
sylvania in the company. In Union Pacific it
was eaid .that the Southern Pacific collateral
bonds were to be redeemed, thus releasing the
Central Pacific stock, and that Union Pacific
was to co-operate with Northwestern in the
fcrmation of a transcontinental system to offset
the Burlington deal. Atchison enjoyed an ex
treme advance of 2 T i as a result of these ma
neuvers and Union Pacific was lifted 2',i.
There were other advances among the South
western and Southern railroads, which were
largely, sympathetic. New York Central, the
Cleveland, C. C and St. Louis stocks Canada
Southern and New York. Chicago and St. LouU
etocks advanced from 1%-to 3^ in sympathy
and Pittsburg. C. C. and St. Louis rose 4*4
over last night In sympathy. The New York
public utilities had their period of strength, as
fiid a number of other specialties, notably Colo
redo Fuel. Tennessee Coal, New York Mr
Krake. Pacific Coast and United States Ex
press., the latter on. the election as directors of
o.ficlals of other express companies. The gains
in this lot. of FtocJcs ran from about 3 to 10
points. The relaxation in the money market
had the greater effect since there was no re
fpr-nsive hardening of the sterling exchange
rater. The weekly statement of the Bank of
Enpland in fact makes It . clear that the pre
paratory earing of the money ~ market there
lor the coming loan has already commenced
c^rr- la^ e ln : rea(:e ln th * P u b»c deposits of
$ll.CCo,COO reflects the heavy clearances of
Fucar and other goods in anticipation of the
new taxes In the budpet. Hea\-y disbursements
of public deposit* will doubtless be incident of
the period preceding the loan In order to ease
the money market. The budget speech was re
ceived too late in Wall street to attract much
•mention, but the decision for a $300 000 000
loan, which is equal to the maximum esti
mates, is bound to be a potent factor in th«
future of the New York money market.
I -palin?> <n bonds continued large and the
market irregular. Total sales, par valu»
S4.4S0.CCO. . . • . ¦ "
United State* new 4s advanced »i per cent
on the last call.
Nnv York Stock Market.
CHICAGO, April IS.— Allegations of frost In
Kansas and . other portions of the Southwest
stimulated the wheat market at the start, al
though it was recognizsd that frost is not good
medicine for insects, which seem ' to be about
the only present blot on the generally rosy crop
outlook. The climatic conditions, however,
combined with steady cables and small North
west receipts, was enuugh to alarm nervous
shorts. This Interest ani some outsiders bought
at the opening, when May sold from 71c to
71 %c, an advance of >4@%c over yesterday" s
close. •- During the first hour.it reacted to 70%c.
Large export engagements caused the shorts
to cover and May advanced to 71%c. Profit
taking sales caused a reaction from this to
70%c. The close was firm, May '54@%c higher
at -71@71%c. "' :.-. ¦ - .
The corn market waa a professional affair
Bull leaders apparently did not care to have
it advance a point to a level where it would
be an object to detain, corn-laden boats in the
harbor to . deliver their cargoes on May con
tracts. May closed Vit(Z*%c lower at 43%@44c.
Selling of May and buying July was .the
feature of a quiet session in the oats market.
May closed He lower at 25%c.
Provisions had anotlTtr dull day. The cash
situation was easier and 'pork and lard eased
off a trifle in consequence, but ribs held steady.
The range was. narrow. . May pork closed 5c
lower, lard 2"&c down and ribs unchanged.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
EASTERN MARKETS.
Chicago Grain Market.
i,. The markets under this head show.no change
whatever. ' ' ' ; ..,¦*- ¦ •
;* BEANS— Bayos.' $2 50@2 70; Small 'White. $4 75
©4 90; Large . White. " $4@4 15; Pink. $1 75®1 90;
Red. J3@3 25; • Blackeye.- $2 75@3; Limas, $6 25
@6 50; Pea. nominal; Red Kidney. $4 50 per ctl.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, nominal; -Yellow,
Mustard. ' nominal ; Flax,' $2 50<g3: Canary, 3%@
.This is a curious 'year as far as Hay is con
cerned. ' The weather is dry and more j rain : is
needed to produce a fun crop, but , the market
shows no tendency whatever to improve. . The
feeling is steady, and that is all. ' There la
nothing new in Feed,stuffs. ¦ v -• -
BRAN— $15 50®16 50 per ton. - - " '-
'- MIDDLINGS — $16 50@19 50 per ton. -V .. »
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled. Barley. $17 50@18 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill, $25@26; Jobbing,
$25 50; Cocoanut Cake, $17@1S; Corn Meal, $25@
25 50 ; Cracked Corn; $25 50@26: . Mixed* Feed,
$15@16.. " . ¦ ¦ .
I HAY— Volunteer." $5j"f8; Wheat." $11®13; Wheat
and Oat, $3@12; Oat,$9@ll 50: Clover, nominal;
Alfalfa, . $8@9 50; Barley, $7 50@9 50 per ton.
., STRAW— 35@47%c per, bale. . . , - -
Beans and Seeds'" ¦;.,
FLOUR-Californla Family Extras. $3 23@3 50.
usufcl terms; Bakers' Extras, $3 15@3 25; ¦ Ore
gon, $2 75@2 83 per barrel for family and $2 75®
3 for bakers' ; "Washington bakers', $2 75@3.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in sacks are as fol
lows, usua) discount . to the trade: Graham
Fjour. $3 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, $2 75; Rye
Meal. $2 50; Rice Flour. $7; Corn Meal, $2 75;
extra cream do, $3 50; Oat Groats, $4 50; Hom
iny, i $3 50@3 75; ' Buckwheat Flour. *4@4 25;
Cracked Wheat, $3 50; Farina. - $450; Whole
Wheat Flour. $3 25; Rolled Oats (barrels), $6 10
07 60; in sacks, $5 75@7 25; Pearl Barley. . $5;
Fplit Peas. $5; Green Peas, $6 50 per 100 lbs.
„ Hay and 'Feedstuff s.
"WHEAT— Liverpool was higher and Paris
lower. ' . " .;
Chicago opened firmer and a sha.de higher on
unfavorable weather and unsatisfactory crop
news from the Southwest, which set the bears
to covering. The local demand was light, save
for the heavy buying of May by a large short.
The market appeared oversold. Uncertainty as
to proposed tax measures in Parliament is be
coming a factor in Liverpool. The Cincinnati
Price Current says the growth of the crop is
slow, but that its condition is favorable. Min
neapolis expects a decrease in' stocks for the
week of 700,000 bushels.
This market was firm, with a slight advance,
both on and off call. . , - .'
. Spot Wheat— Shipping, ?1@1 01&; milling,
$1 02%@l 05 per ctl.
CALL BOA"RD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— No sales.
Second Session— December— 2000 ctls, |1 06%;
May— 2000, Jl 02; 2000, U 02%. ./
Regular Morning Session — May — 24,000 ctls,
$1 06%. - ¦
Afternoon ! Session— May— 20,000 ctls, |1 06%;
2000.. $1 06%.
BARLEY— The market continues to advance,
chiefly 'on account of dry weather, though light
offerings have something to do with it. There
is not much selling, however, except on call,
where there is more doing than for months. ¦
Feed, 83%c for choice bright, 80@82%c for N"o.
1 and 77%@7S%c for off grades; Brewing and
Shipping grades. 85@S7 1 / 4c; Chevalier, nominal.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— December—
2000 ctls, SOc.
. Second • Session— December— 18,000 . ctls, SOc;
4000. 80^c. • • . ¦ :¦
Regular Morning Session— December— 2000 ctls,
80%c; 6000, 80%c; 2000, 79%c; 2000, 79%c; -2000,
79Vsc; 4000, -79c; 6000, 79^c.
• Afternoon Session — No sales. .'
OATS — The "market is quieter again, though
the ..feeling is as firm as ever. 'White, $1 37%@
150; Surprise, nominal; Red, ?1 32%@1 4a;
Black.' Jl 15@1 25 per ctl.
• CORN— Yellow, $1 10@l 15; White,. $1 10@l 15;
Eastern Mixed. $112% per ctl. . .. •.
RYE— 80@82%o per ctl. - .
BUCKWHEAT— Is quoted at $1 65@1 70 per
ctl, ex-warehouse.
.. Flour and Millstuffs. • •
¦ Silver continues to advance. - . . .
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — - $4 85%
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 88%
f-terling Cables — 4 89%
New York Exchange, sight — 15
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 17"i4
Silver, per ounce — : 69%
Mexican Dollars, nominal 49% @ .50
. Wheat and Other Grains.
Exchange and Bullion.
LOCAL MARKETS.
(120th Meridian-Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. April 18. 5 p. m.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date as compared with those cf same date last
B&aEon, and rainfall !n last 21 hours:
Ean Francisco data— Maximum temperature,
C6; minimum, 46; mean, — .
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The Dressure has fallen slowly over the
southern half of the Pacific Slope. It still
continues relatively hlsher. however. The
temperature has risen about 10 degrees over
Utah and Northern Arizona. Elsewhere it has
remained nearly stationary. Not a single sta
tion west of the Rocky Mountains reported
ram. -
Korec£«t made at San Francisco for 30 hours
ending midnight April 19. 1901:
Northern CsJiJornia— Fair Friday, becoming
cloudy in the arternoon; light northerly winds,
changing to southeasterly.
Southern California— Fair Friday; fresh west
erly winds.
Nevada— Fair Friday; light northerly winds.
Arizona — Fair Friday; light northerly winds.
Utah— Fair Friday; light northerly winds.
Sen Francisco and vicinity— Fair Friday,
with fog in the morning; cloudy in the after
uoon; fresh westerly winds.
ALEXANDER G. McADlE.
Forecast Official.
EVAPORATED APPLES— The market for
evaporated apples ruled tolerably steady all
day, with a fair business in progress at old
prices. State, common, 3@4c; prime, 4U@4?ic
choice. 5@5%c. and fancy, 6@6%c. .
California dried fruits were inactive; but
"nominally steady at unchanged prices
PRUNES— 3U@7c per pound.
APRICOTS— Royal. 7%@12c; Moorpark, SU®
12c.
PEACHES— Peeled, 12%@20c; unpeeled, 5^@
10c.
DRIED FRUITS,
WHEAT— Receipts, 46,500 bushels; r exports,
148,513 bushels. Spot— Firm. ; No. 2, 79c f. o. b.;
No. 2 red. 77%c. elevator; No. 1 Northern Du
luth, S6V4c f. o. b. afloat; No. 1 hard Duluth,
89%c f. o. b. afloat. Options— Had a firm open
ing and were generally strong all day on un
favorable crop news and weather reports, but
mostly on good foreign buying and export ru
mors. Closed firm at %@%c net advance. May
i'%@77%c, closed 77%c; July. 76%@77%c, closed
"% September, 76 i-i6@76%c. clcsad. 76tfc.
HIDES— Steady.
WOOL— Quiet.
COFFEE— Spot— Rio, weak; No. 7 invoice,
6%c nominal: mild, dull; Cordova, 8W@
12Hc. ¦ Futures— Closed steady, with prices
net 10 to 15 points lower. Total sales, 55 000
bags, including: May, $5 10; July, J5 25; Au
gust. $5 30; September, $5 40@5 45; October, $5 45
<&5 50; November. $550; December, $5 60(3*5 65;
March. $5 80@5 S5. ,
SUGAR— Raw, strong; fair refining:. 3%c;
centrifugal. 96 test, 4 3-16c; molasses sugar.
3 7-16c. Refined, strong; No. 6, 4.90c; No 7
4.80c. . ...
BUTTER— Receipts, 35100; steady. Creamery,
lG@21c; factory. lH@13V6c. ...
EGGS— Receipts. 15,644 packages: steady.
Western regular packing, 14@14V4c; Western
storage, 1456c.
NEW YORK, April 18.-FLOUR-Re6eiptSj,
IS, 155 barrels; exports, 4210 barrels. Sustained
by further strength In wheat and had a fairly
active trade.
"Haisins continue very weak and demor
clized. Spot coast seeded are quoted at 6V«c,
the laid down price of fresh goods from Cal
ifornia, but trade is lislit. Sale of a car was
reported yesterday. Almost no trade Is doing
in seeded to arrive from the coast, sales in
Oils market Eince the cut probably not being
over two or three car:. No further business
is reported in California layers. Three-crown
loose raisins can be bought at CVfcc. Other
lines of dried fruits are generally quiet and
without special feature."
Weather Report.
Latest mall advices from New. York say:
"There is very little buying in this market of
prunes from the coast at the new prices, the
number of cars sold tluce the reduction was
made being variously estimated at from seven
to twenty. Many believe the lower estimate
nearer the correct one. It is understood on
very good authority that coast prices are be
ing virtuclly cut about 5 per cent under the
association basis on Santa Claras, and some
business is stated to have been done at V»c
under en Sonoma goods.
"Prunes on the spot are meeting with quite
a steady trade at about %@*»c above the
equivalent of the coant basis on large sizes
and about above or» small sizes. Goods to
arrive in a lew days may be had at lees prices,
and thfre are reports that some holders of
goods about due are offering on the exact asso-
Prunes and Raisins in New York.
15.CC0 Chesapeake & Ohio 46%
2,300 Chicago Great Western 22%
54,100 Chicago Burlington & Qulncy 193%
-~7«0 Chic Ind & Louis : 36%
500 Chic Ind & Louis prefd 71
400 Chic & East Illinois ...116'/4
2.100 Chicag & Northwestern....... 204
12.200 Chic Rock Id & Pacific 153
S.6OO C C C & St L 89>«
11.6C0 Colorado Southern 13^
700 Colorado Southern 1st prefd 48
2.100 Colorado Southern 2d prefd 22%
4,700 Delaware & Hudson .17S 1 /.
300 Del Lack & West 221
1,600 Denver & RIt Grande 45%
1.400 Denver & Rio Grande prefd 93 J A
58.500 Erie 40V4
10.400 Erie 1st prefd ' 71V4
4.400 Great Northern prefd ......: ....1S2
2.100 Hocking Coal 19%
500 Hocking Valley 52^.
SCO Illinois Central 14u£
500 Iowa Central 32%
SCO Iowa Central prefd 62
400 Lake Erie & "Western . 61%
Lake Erie & Western prefd 125
Lake Shore ..2S0
29.100 Louisville & Nashville 105%
27,600 Manhattan L 127^
30,500 Metropolitan St Ry 173-ft
1,200 Mexican Central 23%
700 Minn & St Lcuis 84^. !
Minn & St L prefd ....Ill"
57,700 Missouri Pacific 104%
SCO Mobile & Ohio 8'iJ
69,600 Missouri Kan & Texas 30%
84,800 Missouri Kan & Texas prefd 67
100 New Jersey Central 153%
8.300 New York Central .....152U
6.900 Norfolk & Western 52'i ''
100 Norfolk & Western prefd 86 I
34,S0a Northern Pacific " iu2"J
9,700 Northern Pacific prefd SVm [
8.000 Ontario & Western. 34U
Oregon Ry & Nav 42
••••••• Oregon Ry & Nav prefd 76
19,800 Pennsylvania 15&R4
4.9C0 Reading....; ""' 36% i
3.900 .Readinglst prefd '" 75U I
7C0 Reading 2d prefd 5914
Rio Grande Western 79
"«¦;;; Rl ° Grande Western prefd 102%!
9,100 St Louis & San Francisco.: 44^ \
»i£! f. 1 Lou!s & San Fran 1st prefd S4
2,300 St Louis & S»n Fran 2d prefd CS
j.600 St Louis Southwestern : ... 3s
MISS it Paul 8 Southwestern P«" m
2.200 st Paul preM";!!;!;!;! w
100 St Paul & Omaha '.""* 140
31,100 Southern Pacific .. "" 4514
95.300 Southern Railway '.'.". """ 2'j\l
17.300 Southern Railway prefd "'9'%!
37,800 Texas & Pacific . .. """""" 4?
199,600 Union Pacific ...: . " kta
11.300 Union Pacific prefd. ..'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'. 85%
1,200 Wabash I ohu
7,600 Wabash prefd ..'..'. £314
3°0 & Lake Erie !;...!!! igg '
, 400 \V heeling & Lake Erie prefd 34»A :
1.000 Wisconsin Central -20?4
200 Third Avenue 123
1.5uO Baltimore & Ohio prefd "." f.(H4
National Tube 66%
National Tube prefd 118
Express Companies—
— ... Adams i~n
1.000 American 20' i
3,100 United States .: .'.'.'.'.'.' !'.'.'.'! 97
Wells Fargo ; !""l4»
Miscellaneous —
1,000 American Cotton Oil 26
American Cotton'Oil prefd ' 85
1,100 American Malting 6
400 American Malting prefd 24W.
46,600 American Smelting & Refining.... 64%
3.100 American Smelting & Refining pfd 9SV4
American Spirits 2%
American Spirits prefd 17
American Steel Hoop ... . 4S*£
- American Steel Hoop prefd ...".'..'.' 95
200 American Steel & Wire 477j
American Steel & Wire prefd 110%
American Tin Plate ...1. 76
American Tin Plate' prefd 117
15,400 American Tobacco ...128V4
.". American Tobacco prefd ..: 148
9,600 Anaconda Mining Co 50'*
40,100 Brooklyn Rapid Transit 83'i
9.600 Colorado Fuel & Iron 9iv,
3,300 Continental Tobacco . 47^4 |
300 Continental Tobacco prefd 104
200 Federal Steel 5314
Federal Steel prefd 103
200 General Electric .....224
1,200 Glucose Sugar 52
100 Glucose Sugar prefd 97
2,400 International Paper ....: 25
1,703 International Paper prefd 77%
100 L&clede Gas 85
200 National Biscuit 39 ¦
200 National Biscuit prefd 96
1,200 National Lead 19
National Lead prefd '. 84
National Steel 5714.
National Steel prefd 117
3,600 New York Air Brake 163
S00 North American 85%
800 Pacific Coast 571^
Pacific Coast 1st prefd 90 
200 Pacific Coast 2d prefd 65
300 Pacific Mail 35%
13.200 People's Gas 114V*
2,700 Pressed Steel Car 45%
200 Prised Steel Car prefd 84
700 Pullman Palace Car 210%
Standard Rope & Twine ; 4U j
47.700 Sugar ...147%
Sugar prefd ;122
19,400 Tennessee Coal & Iron 67U
4.400 United States Leather 13H
1.900 United States Leather prefd ......'.. 77%
1.000 United States Rubber 20y>
. 200 United States Rubber prefd ....... 61 "
10.200- Western Union ...93%
60.100 Amalgamated Copner ;.y. ...123%
3.1«0 Republic Iron & Steel Co 20
3.2ao Republic Iron & Steel Co prefd.. 76H
77.400 n S Steel Co .¦ 4 r .%
32,800 U S Steel Co prefd 94%
P C C & St L prefd.. 71'^
1.SS3.100 Shares sold. t
CLOSING BONDS.
U S 2s ref reg....lOS% N Y Cent lsts....lO7^
Do coup 106^4 N T J Cent gen 5S..132V4
Do 3s res 110% Nor Pac 3s 72%
Do 3s coup 111H Do 4s 105>.4
Do now 4s reg..l8SV6 N Y C & St L 4s.lO7
Do new 4s coup. 139^ Nor & W con •is.. 101
Do old 4s res....llS*i Or Nav lsts 103
Do- old 4s coup. .113^ Do 43 -:..104'/2
Do 5s reg 110V; O S Line 6s 12S
Do 5s coup ......111V- Do con 5s 116
Dist of C 3.65s.... 124 Read Gen 4s 95
Atchison gen 4s. ..102 R G W lsts 101%
Do adjt 4s 95% S L & I'M con 5s.ll3
Canada So 2ds ..10SU S L & S F gen 6s. mu
C & O 4'^s lOSKjSt Paul con 19IH4
Do 5s 121H'St P C & P lsts..H8H
2 & N con 7s 141% Do 5s 120U
Do S F deb bs..l24 ISo Pac 4s 93
Chicaeo Terra 4s. 95ViiSo Ry 5s ..117
Colo So 4s S7>i Standard R & T 6s 59
D & R G 4s.. 101V;' Tex & rp a c ' lsts.. 11314
Erie Gen 4s SSlb Do 2ds . ....... .v.ino "
Ft W & D C.lsts.lQoV Union Pac 4s .....1054
Gen Elec 5s. :.....lS5'i Wabash lsts ....;. 120%
Iowa . C*nt~lstE 117 -Do 2ds llO^i
L & N Uni 4s 102%'WVst Shore 4s liStf
M K & T 2ds.... S1H Wis Cent lsts. 89Vi
Do 4s SS% Va Centuries .... 93 ..
MINING STOCKS/
Adams Con 23 Little Chief 14
Alice 36 Ontario 9 00
Breece - 1 30 Ophir 75
Brunswick Con . 20 Phoenix OS
Comstock: Tunnel.. 06 Poto^l ....; :: OS
Con Ca\ & Va... .2 20 Savage 07
Dead wood Terra . . 5C 1 Sierra Nevada 27
HoVn Silver 1 H"'|SmaII Hopes ...... €0
Iron Silver ........ 60 Standard 4 00
Leadville Con ¦ 051
BOSTON STOCKS AN'D BONDS.
Money—" '; West End J..'. 93-
Call loans ......3 $H Westingh Elec ... 67
Time loan's* ....3l£'{@4£ Bonds—
Stocks— Atehlson : 4s , .'. . . ;. 102
A T & St Fe 63% N E Gas & C 5s. K
Do nrefd ........ 9SU Mining Shares—
Amer Sugar 147'.4 .Adventure "lSU.
. Do rrefd 123 Blngham" Min- Co.-2«U '
Am Tel .;,.17> Arnal Cor>per -.;-.. :°123H
j Boston, & Albany.263 . Atlantic; ..-;>r'... 34
Boston L ¦........:. 175 Boston '&-*Mont...425
Roston A- Maine...l95 " |Butt«*-& Bos tort ..116
Chi Bur & Q. ....193% ralamet & Hecla.S41
Dominion. Coal -.-.-36 .Tentennial : 31!?
Do prefd 112'iFranklIn ......-.:... 7S'
-Fitchburg rrefd ..147^]Humboldt 25
f>n Electric 2?.'. Osceola 87
Ed Elec HI -10 'Parrott 53
Sugar marked up ioc. . '
Silver continues to advance. Exchange as before. i
Wheat and Barley higher and firm.
Oafs quieter, but firm. Com and Rye continue neglected.
Hay and Bran unchanged. ;
Nothing new in Beans and Seeds.
Potatoes in moderate supply and firm.
Onions steady and Vegetables weak.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs as previously quoted.
Poultry market overstocked with Hats and very young fowl.
Receipts of Cherries increasing.
Oranges firm. Lemons and Limes in ample supply.
Dried Fruit market as before quoted.
No further cJwnge in Provisions^
Meat market as previously quoted.
Continued fair trading on tlie Ideal exchanges.
WASHINGTON. April 18.— To-day's state
ment cf the treasury balances in the general
fund, exclusive of the $150,000,000 gold reserve
in the division of redemption, shows: Avail
able cash balance, $153,201,272; gold, $95,659,204. '
«' ¦ ¦ « ~ ¦
Condition of the Treasury.
NEW TORK. April IS.— Money on call steady
at 3(§-5 per cent; last loan, 3 per cent; ruling
rate, 4% per cent; prime mercantile paper, 4@
PA per cent. Sterling exchange steady, with
actual business in bankers" bills at H 87% for
demand and at.Jl S4?i for sixty days; posted
rates, J4 S5%@4 S9; commercial bills, $4 S4@
4 84^. Silver certificates, nominally 60c. Bar
silver, 59%c. Mexican dollars, 4Sc. Govern
ment bonds, strong: State bonds, ; Inactive;
railroad bonds, irregular. •'
Nrd> York Money Market.
LONDON. April ]8.— Atchison, 69%; Can
adian Pacific, 97%; Union Pacific preferred,
SiVz; Northern Pacific preferred, 100; Anacon
da. 10%; bar silver, uncertain, 27%d per ounce:
money, 2H@3 per cent. . . ..
CLOSING
The budget which" was anounced to-day im
poses an addition of 'two pence on the income
tax, making it Is 2d in*the pound; a duty of
4s 2d.per hundredweight on refined sugar and
graduated on raw sugar; 2s a hundred on mo
lasses and syrup: Is 30d a hundredweight on
gluccse. There Is no increase of the duty on
tea. tobacco, spirits or beer. An export duty
of one shilling ha3 been imposed on coal. -
A deficit was announced of £39,000,000 and
power was asked to issue £60,000.000 of consols.
The markets were idle, awaiting the budget.
The detahs were not known during business
hours. The tone of trading was heavy, con
sols dropping on the expectation of a big issue
of the war loan.. American shares, were much
more active and cheerful. The lower level yes
terday in New York encouraged buying from
the very start, j T,he Erie iseues were the lead
ers here on the advance. Steel stocks rose in
spits of the strike stories, which are being
circulated here, with contradictions in pur
suit. .
The bank bought £30,000 in gold bars.
Money was very easy.
Silver spurted on' buying that' was regarded
as. speculative. ...
NEW YORK. April 18.— The Commercial Ad
verti.sor's financial cablegram says: •
London Market.
Mexican Cent '....- 23% Qulncy 183
E Gas & Coke. 11 Santa Fe Copper. 9Vi
Old Colony .......210 Tamarack .' 338
Old Dominion .... 35% Utah Mining ..... 36%
Rubber 2O» 4 Wtnona 4»?
Lnion Pacific .... 95Tj Wolverines 13&
Union Land 4 • • = .
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
WHEAT— Spot— Dull; No. 1 California, 6s
l%d; No. 2 red Western winter, 5s 10%d; No. 1
Northern " spring, 6s »fcd. '.'•¦¦ Futures— Quiet; May
5s 9%d; July, 5s 9%d.
CORN— Spot— Firm ; American mixed, new, 4s
l>4d- old, 4s 2d. Futures— Quiet; May, 4s Id;
July; 3s ll%d; September, 3s ll%d.
CLOSING.
LONDON, April 13.— Consols, 95%; silver,
27%d; French rentes, lOlf 27»£c; wheat cargoes
on pas3rge firm but not active; No. 1 Standard
California. 29s 4%d; Walla Walla, 29s 3d; En
glish country markets, quiet but steady.
LIVERPOOL. April 18.— Wheat, steady; No.
I Standard California, 6s l%d@6s 2d; wheat In
Paris dull; flour in Paris dull; French country
markets part cheaper; weather in England
fine; cotton, uplands, 4s 21-32d.
Foreign Markets.
TACOMA,' April 18.— WHEAT— Steady; blue
stem, 55c; club, 56V4c.
WASHINGTON.
PORTLAND. April 18.— WHEAT— Walla
Walla. 57@57%c. , '
• Foreign wheat exports from Portland for the
week ending to-day were 882,476 bushels.
OREGON.
Northern Wheat Market.
PORTLAND, April 18.— Clearings, $403,245;
balances, - $60,393.
Portland's Business.
LONDON, April 18.— A sale of sheepskin3
was held here to-day". The offerings w«re 408S
bales. Good merinos firm and %d dearer, me
dium coarse and crossbreds were %@Ud lower.
Most of the offerings were taken by the Con
tinent, but the home trade secured a fair
amount.
Sale of Sheepskins.
BOSTON. April 18.— The Boston Commercial
Bulletin will say in to-morrow's of the
wool' trade: The receipts of wool in Boston
since January. 1; have been 41.650,250 pounds,
against 54,005,700 pounds for the same perio-1
In 1900. The shipments .to date are 73,019,725
pounds/against sales of 53,633,500 pounds for
the same period in 1900.
The total stock on hand January 1, 1901. was
76,309,500 pounds; the total stock to-day is 44.
940,035 pounds. ¦ • ¦ ¦
. All classes of fine wools" are firm here, but
with no higher prices paid.
Dtalers : are meeting the demand at current
prices. Medium wool, particularly half-blood
and No. 1 'washed, is easy, and several trans
actions this week show lower prices.
Foreign advice3 are . strong on fine wools.
London prices are higher on better auction
sales. Some large sales of Australian fine are
reported here at 22@35c.
Boston Wool Market.
NEW YORK. April ' U.— Cotton closed quiet,
net 2 points higher to 2 points lower.
Nezv York Cotton Market.
NEW YORK.. April 18.— There was a decided
break in tin .in the local metal market as. the
result of a decline of 7s 6d in that metal
abroad and the large arrivals at' this port,
amounting j to 1200 tons.- After a slow trade
the market finally closed easy at ?25 90@26 25,
while at London the closing tone was report
ed as weak and S pot quoted at £117 5s and
futures at £114 12s 6d. Spelter was again
higher to-day on a further rise of 2s 5d abroad
when prices closed at £16 7s 6d. The. close
here was firmer at $4@4 05, with the tendency
upward to still higher values.
There was nothing new in copper circles,
prices being nominally unchanged at $17 for
Lake Superior and $16 62^- for casting. Lon
don copper closed at £70 for spot and £70
11s 3d on futures. Lead continues dull and
unchanged here, while the London* market
was Is 3d' better, closing at £12 3s 9d. . Amer
ican iron markets ruled rather 5 quiet 1 but
about steady at -- unchanged prices. Piglron.
$9 50@10 50; Northern foundry, $15 25@16 50;
Southern foundry, $14@15 50 and soft .South
ern $13@15 50. Glasgow warrants closed at 53s
lOd and Mlddlesboro 45s Sd.
New York Metal Market.
SHEEP— Receipts.' 7tC0; sheep ' and Iambs,
steady; good to choice wethers; $4 75@5; fair
to choice mixed. $4 10S4 70; Western sheep,
$4 C5@3; yearlings, $4 fb(S* 90; native lambs.
$4 fc5S5 30; Western . lambs, H 95@5 30. ¦ , • . ¦
HOGS— Receipts to-day, 20,00a; to-morrow,
18,000; estimated left over. 2500;- heavy,* firm:
light, slow, closing stronger;, top, $6 10; mixed
and butchers, »5 75S6. good to choice heavy,
*5 £0(^6 10: roueh heavy. J5 75@5 90; light. $o 70
@5 95; bulk of sales, $5 GC1B6.
to medium, $3 S5®'4 90; stockers and feeders,
52 70@4 S3; cows, $2 9<".@4 50; ! heifers, $3@4 80;
canners, J2ff?2 $5; bulls $2 75®4 30; calves, $4@
5: Texas- fed steers. - $4 25@5 30: Texas grass
Eteers. }3 50@4; Texas bulls,. $2 75@3 SC. '. , -
COAL— ¦Wellington. - J9 per ton: ? Southfleld
¦Wellington. J9; SeatUe. $7; Bryant, $6 50; Coos
Bay. J5 50: Wallsend. $9; Co-operative Walls
end,, $3; Cumberland, $12 in bulk and $13 25 in
sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite \ Egg, $14; Can
nel.':$10 ¦ per ton: Coke, Jlo per ton in bulk and
J17 in sacks; -Rocky Mountain descriptions.
EAGS — SanrQuentin ' Bags.'- $5 65: -Calcutta
Grain Bags,;6%c; local : make, . He , less than
Calcuttas; "Wool Bags', 3O(g34c; Fleece Twine.
7^@Sc. ;.-' :.\ ¦¦¦'¦' ... .- r. ; : , .-.;- •¦ .
General Merchandise.
PORK— Live Hogs. ISO lbs and under. 69ic
180 to 225 lbs. 6%®i6i4e: 225 and , over, ¦ 6@6Vlc
feeders, ; dressed Hogs, 8%@9%c. 1
LAMB— Spring. 9@9%c per pound.
There is no further change in quotations.' "
. BEEF— 7@8c for Steers and 6@7c per lb for
COWS.;"' ".'¦''. - - . -. , ; . •' - ¦'
I .VEAL- Large. 7@8c; small, S©9c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers, 8@8%c; Ewes, 7%@Sc per
pound. - .. .:¦ ¦._.¦¦¦.. . ;
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, 4%c per lb; No. 2,
3%@4c; grease, 2@2%c. .,
WOOLlf-Springr. 1900 or 1001 — Humboldt and
Mendo.clno,. 15@16c per lb; Northern, free, 12@
13c; defective, 9® lie; Middle County, free, 10@
lie; do, defective, 8@10c; Southern, 12 months,
8@9c: Southern, free. 7 months, ; 7@10c: do, de
fective. 7 months,, 7@Sc; Oregon Valley.' fine,
15@16c: do. medium and coarse, 14®15c; Oresron.
Eastern, choice, 12@14c; do, fair to good, 9@llc;
Nevada. - 10@12c. •
' HOPS-15@20c per'lb.. : ;
San Francisco Meat Market.
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about*. l%c under quotations. Heavy ! Salted
Steers^ 9%c; medium, 8%c; light, 8c. ¦ Cow
Hides, 8%c for heavy and 8c for light; Stags,
6c; Salted Kip, 9c; Salted Veal, 9c; Salted
Calf, 10c: Dry Hides. Jo^c; Culls, 13c; Dry
Kip, 15c; Dry Calf, lfic; Culls and Brands, 12@
13c; Sheepskins, shearlings, 15@25c each; short
Wool, 20@40c each; medium, 50@65c; long Wool
75cffl$l each; Horse Hides, salt, $2 50 for large
and $2@2 23 for medium. $l@l 25 for small and
50c for Colts; Horse Hides, dry, $1 75 for large,
fl 25 for medium. $1 for small and 50c for Colts.
Deerskins — Summer or red skins. 35c; fall or
medium skins, 30c; winter or thin skins, 20c.
Goatskins— Prime Angoras, 73c; large and
smooth. 50c; medium, 35c. i • . ¦• •
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
COTTOLENE— One half-barrel, 8%c; three
half-barrels, 8%c; one tierce, 8%c; two tierces,
S%c; five tierces, 8%c per lb. ¦ . ¦
I LARD— Tierces quoted at 6%c per lb for
compound and lO^c for pure; half -barrels,
pure. 10%c: 10-lb tins, HVic: 5-lb tins. ll%c
CURED ME ATS— Bacon, 12c per lb for
heavy. 12%@13c for light medium, 1314c for
light, . 14 J /4c for extra light and 15%c for sugar
cured; Eastern sugar-cured Hams, 13c; Mess
Beef. $12 per barrel; extra Mess, $12 50; Fam
ily, $13 50; prime Mess Pork. $15@15 50; extra
clear, ?22 50;. Mess, $19; Smoked Beef, 14c per
lb. •- ••• '- • ¦
The market continues quiet and unchanged.
Provisions.
HONEY— Comb, 13%@14c for bright and 12%
®13c for light amber; water white extracted.
7@7%c; light amber extracted, 5@6c; dark, 4@
5c per lb. ~ " " • .
BEESWAX— 25@28c per lb.
NUTS — Chestnuts, 8@10c per lb for Italian;
Walnuts, No. l.softshell, 10c; No. 2, 7%c; No.
1 hardshell,' 9}£c; No. 2,. 7c; Almonds, -12@loc
for papershell. 9@lle; for softshell; Peanuts,
B@6c for Eastern; Brazil Nuts. ll@HV4c; Fil
berts. 12@12%c; Pecans, ll@13c; Cocoanuts,
$3 50@5. ¦ r. ' >:¦-¦¦<
¦ RAISINS — The Raisin Growers' Association
has established the following prlfces: Bleached
Thompson's fancy. 12c per lb; choice. He;
standard 10c; prime, 9c; unbleached Thomp
son's 9c'per lb. Sultanas^ — Fancy, lOVic per lb;
choice, 9%c: standard, 8%c; prime, 8c; un
bleached Sultanas, 8c; Seedless, 50-lb boxes,
6%c; 4-crown, 7c; 3-crown, 6%c; 2-crown, 6c.
Pacific brand, 2-crown. 5c; 3-crown, 5%c, and
4-crown, 5%c; seeded (Fresno prices), 5c; Lon
don Layers. 2-crown, $1 50 per. box; 3-crown,
$1 60; Fancy Clusters, $2; Dehesa. $2 50; Im
perial, $3. All prices f. o. b; at common ship
ping points in California.
Reports from New York do not indicate much
additional buying of Prunes in consequence of
the recent cut by the association. It was said
there at the time that the cut came too late
in the season to do much good. Still, free
sales are being made and the large sizes are
getting scarcer every day.
FRUITS— Apricots, 54£7%c for Royals and
8M>@10c for Moorparks; Evaporated Apples,
Zhi^c- sun-dried, lV4@2c; Peaches, 3@3%c for
standard. 4@5e for choice and 5@6c for fancy;
Pears, 2@7c; Plums, pitted, 3V£@5c; unpltted,
l@l%c; Nectarines, 404V2C for red and 4@5c
for white. ¦*¦ "
PRUNES— Santa Clara. 4 sizes, 2c; 30-40s, — ;
40-50s 1%c; 50-60s. 3%c; 60-70s, 2%c; 70-80s, 2>4c;
80-90s, l%c; 90-100s, lV4c; 100-120s, l%c. . These
prices apply to all districts alike, no more dis
crimination being made.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
CITRUS FRUITS— Navel Oranges. $1@2 23;
Seedlings. 75c@$l; Tangerines, 50c@$l 25;- Lem
ons, 75c@$l 25 for common and $1.50@2 50 for
pood to choice; Grape Fruit. 50c@$l 50; Mexican
Limes. $4 60; Bananas. $1 50@3 per bunch for
New Orleans and 75c@$l 50 for Honolulu; Pine
apples, 75c@$2 per dozen..'
APPLES— U@2 50 per box.
STRAWBERRIES— $6@S per chest for Long
worths and $4@6 for large berries. Receipts
were 210 chests.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS-
Seven cars of Oranges are announced for to
day's ¦ auction. The market rules firm at the
recent advance, with light supplies. The best
Lemons are higher, being rather scarce, though
there is plenty of medium stock on the market.
Limes are quiet and in ample supply.
There was no particular change in Strawber
ries.
Arrivals of Cherries were 28 boxes, selling at
$1 25@2 ' per box.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Dairy— Extras, 15c; firsts, 14V4c; seconds, ;
store, 12c. " . '¦'
CHEESE— Faqcy. full cream, 9%c; choice,
9c; common, nominal; Young Americas, 10%c;
Eastern, full cream, 14@16c per lb.
EGGS— •¦'-:-. ..
California Ranch— Selected White, 16c; mixed
colors, 15c per dozen.
California Gathered— Selected, 14c; standard,
13c; seconds, . ,
DAIRY EXCHANGE QUOTATIONS.
BUTTER—
Creamery— Extras, 16c; firsts, 15c; seconds,
BUTTER— Creamery. 17@17%c per lb for
fancy, and 16@16%c for seconds; dairy, 14@16c
per'lb. ¦ ¦
CHEESE— Choice mild, new, 9%@10%c; old,
9c per lb.
EGGS— Ranch. 15%@17c for good to fancy;
store. 14@15c per dozen.
OPEN MARKET QUOTATIONS.
In spite of northern orders and local packing
the Butter market is liberally j supplied and
most dealers report it dull and weak. Cheese
is rather firm than otherwise.
Eggs, like Butter, are in liberal receipt, but
the surplus Is taken care of by the speculators
who are" buying for . cold storage. Prices for
everything on the list remain unchanged, ex
cept a fractional advance in Cheese.
• Receipts, were '61,700 pounds and 27 tubs of
Butter, 1399 cases Eggs. 790 cases Eastern
Eggs. 38,750 pounds California Cheese and
pounds Eastern Cheese.
Butter, CJieesl and Eggs.
The market is overstocked with Hens and
more' or less stock is carried over from day to
(Jay. Fine young Roosters and Fryers keep up,
but old Roosters and small Broilers are weak.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, 9@10c g for Gob
blers "and 12@13c for Hens; Geese, per pair,
$1 50@l 75; Goslings, *2 25@2 75; Ducks, $5@6
for old and J6@7 SO for young; Hens," $3 50<g>3;
young Roosters, $5 50@7 50; old Roosters. $3 oO
@4 50; Fryers, $5@6; Broilers, $4@4 50 for
large and . $2@3 SO for small ; Pigeons. 52 per
dozen for old and $2 50@2 75 for Squabs.
GAME— Gray Geese, $3; White Geese. $1;
Brant $1 50; English Snipe. 53; Jack Snipe.
$2; Hare, $123; Rabbits, $1 25 for Cottontail
and 75c@$l for Brush.
Poultry and Game.
Potatoes rule firm under light receipts.
Onions are steady and unchanged. Sew Red
have appeared from the River. : ¦
The canners got about 5C0 sacks of Peas at
,1c pe'r lb. Receipts were very large, as will
be seen. |
Garlic is scarce and higher. String Beans
appeared from Yacavllle. selling at 10c per lb. ,
Receipts were 1250 boxes Asparagus, 476 boxes
Rhubard. 1114 sacks Bay Peas and 510 sacks
New Potatoes. ¦ .
POTATOES— Early Rose, 70@90c; Burbanks.
40@60c for River and $1@1 20 for . Oregon ; Gar
net Chiles from Oregon/ $1@1 15; Sweets, 50®
60c for Merced; New Potatoes l@l%c per lb.
ONIOXS— Oregons, ?3@3 35 per ctl ; Nevadas.
$303 50; Cut Onions, D0c@$l 25 per sack; Aus
tralians, $3@3 75; Green Onions, 25@-50c per
box; New White, $2 £0@3;;New Red, $2.
VEGETABLES— Rhrbarb, 50c@»l 23 per box:
Asparagus, $1 75 for fancy. $1 25@1 50 Der box
for No. 1 and 65c@$l for No. 2;" Green Peas.
75c@$l per sack; String Beans. 5<g*8c; Cabbage,
SOffCOc: Tomatoes, Los - Angeles, • $l-50@2 per
crate; -Egg Plant, Los Angeles, per lb;
Green Peppers, Los Angeles, 25®30c per lb for
Chile and for Bell; Dried Peppers. 12@lSc:
Dry-Okra, 20@25c per lb; Carrots, 23@35c per
sack; Hothouse Cucumbers, 40@75c per dozen;
Summer Squash. $1 50 per box; Garlic, 8@10c
per lb. ¦ *•*..*. . . • ¦
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
S%c for Eastern; Alfalfa,' 7%@S%c for Califor
nia and v 9@9Hc for Utah; Rape. 2@2%c; Hemp.
3%c; Timothy. 6%c. i ¦ -'
DRIED. PEAS— Niles. $2@2 50; Green. $2 70@
3 per ctl; BJackeye. nominal.
THE SAN vfFRA^CISCOlCAiili;' FElDMr;^APKIJj 19, 1901.
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
PALACE HOTEL
Mrs I> Greene, Ohio
Mrs F E Keys, Ohio
A S Dibblee. Ohio
J G Stokes, N Y
A E Booth, Baltimore
Mrs Booth. Baltimore
J F Barker, N Y
G O Ferguson, Los A
Mrs Ferguson. Los Ang
Mrs A G Burton, Colo
G S Hoasr, Colo
Mrs Hoae & c. Colo
J D Armstrong, Cal
3 W Bowen, Detroit
B U Stelnman, Sacto
J Kellger, USA- ,
W Collins, Riverside
W B Clancy, Cal
R H Herron. Los Ang
W W O' Boyle, Pa
J A Bullard, Pa
J B Russell, Pa
G Finch, Gen Falls
Mrs Finch. Gen Falls
J L Atwater, Chicago
R T Cohn, Sacto
Mrs Cohn, Sacto
G V Calhoun, Seattle
W Lawrence, Denver
C H Keating, Ohio
Mrs Keating. Ohio -
J Cox & wf. Idaho
"W Walling, Chicago
Mrs Walling, Chicago
J F Campina. . Denver
Mrs Campina. Denver
Miss A Daly. Denver
H P Steltz, Ohio
Mrs Steitz. Ohio
E G Wheeler. NT
S H Fields, Salt Lake
C E Miner. Cal
Mrs Miner. Cal
Mrs W C Johnson, Cal
F W Seamans, Ind
Mrs Seamans, Ind
R Spar, U S N
*¦> W Manning, Boston
Mrs E A Murry, St Pal
Miss E Murry. St Paul
W L Wardrow. S Jose
Mrs Wardrow, S Jose
W F Eells. Phila
H R Roberts. Phila
J Bassett, Milwaukee
K A Spencer, Portland
E Hindekoper, Md
R Powers, San Diego
J S Bartler. N T
J S Wilson Jr.. Phila
A P Massey. Boston
E D Worcester Jr., NT
£ Schnldt. N T
Mrs Schnidt, N T
Miss Florance, N T
E H Emery, Ottawa
A B Conn, St Joe
W S Porter. Los Ang •
H B Ellla, Los Ang
A Wedl, N Y
J C Schwab, Chicago
J E Briggs. Boston
C E Morehouse, Mich
D S Hill, Ind
Mrs Hill. Ind
E H Storthoft*. N T
I> Stark. X X
GRAND HOTEL.
J W Long. Los Ang.
W D Stephens, L. Ang
J Lanth &. wf. Okland
Mrs I M Lazelle. Cal
Mrs. W J Skinner, Cal
J D Hanscom, S Jose
A Smith. Los Angeles
J R Gouthslde. Cal
Miss E Simpson, Mass
D A Conolly, Keswlck
W G White. Chlco
H Wittenberg. Portl'd
J F" Schlingman.- Cal
C L Miller, San Pedro
C M Wolf, Cleveland
B L McCoy, Oxnard
J S Beach, Los Angel
F M SmlU»r Vacavllle
G A Morton. N T
G V Calhoun. Seattle
E E Bush. Bakersfleld
L B George, San Jose
E Bradway & w. Iowa
Mrs H M Box, N T
R D Glllesple & d. NT
R H Hussey. Bakersfld|
O Scrtbner, Bakersfleld
W G Hegorth. w & 2
children, Duluth
S W Heintzelman & w.
Sacramento.
W Foster, Portland
R H Weil, Sacramento
Mrs A E Cro'vrley.Chgo
J S Brown. - Cal . :
R W Morse, Cal' j
G Watther. Denmark
C Haydock, L Angeles
J P Laurltzen, CaL I
M Doyle, Santa Rosa
K A Middleton. Wlllits
Mrs V B Card & sis
ter, Cal
E P Hilborn, Sujsun
K L Falkenberg. Mo
R C Smith, Portland
C M Greene, ,N-T >
E P. Stacey. : Mlnneap
H B Stacey & w. Minn
B M Delong, Sacto
Mrs L A Stevans. Goto
Mrs. II II Kelly &
child, Los Angeles
Mrs S Corquevllle, 111
Miss M Corquevllle. HI
H M CorqtleviHe. Ill
L A Whip-pie, Los An?
D W Brooks. Pasadena.
D Otero, New Tork
O Ayera, San Jose
H G Ott, Los Angeles
R T> Kerr. Jackson
D P Vlclnl & w. Cal
V Brlgnole. Seattle
C B Arditte, Jackson
W Going, Jackson
T Clark. S Barbara
D L Oilman. Stanford
E>r Wat Green. Cal
J Kuppenheimer. N T
J K Corlett, Tucson
W N Ketchum. Ill
W P Thomas. Ukiah
J K Whitmore. Ceres
J R Aitken & w. Cal
Miss L M Aitken. Cal
Mrs M E Bltftell. gac.
Mrs E Feeney. Sac
The record for the filing of bankruptcy
petitions in the United States District
Court was broken yesterday, no fewer
than eight petitions having been filed.
The petition representing the largest sum
was that of Eli D. Bannister, mining man,
residing in Los Gatos, who has creditors
for $64,114 60 from Butte and Helena,
Mont., to San Francisco and Los Gatos.
Telephone, water and other corporations
are represented on the list. The assets
are JCOOO, and there is I670O worth of ex
empt property.
The seven other petitions were as fol
lows: Alfred B. Johnson, machinist,
Menlo Park, liabilities $1993 and no assets;
Frank Loehr, carpenter, Sacramento, lia
bilities $560 25, assets $93 60; Byronw J.
Ithcdes, soliciting and traveling agent.
liabilities $2903 90, no assets: B. F. Flem
ming, manager telephone company, Oak
land, liabilities $1209 60. no assets; Victor
R. Smith, laborer, Oakland, liabilities
$402 43, assets $100; Bernardo "Weyl. sales
man, San Francisco, liabilities $4S,!O2 92,
no assets. These debts were . contracted
by Weyl in 1894 and 1895 as a partner in
the firm of Leas Bros. & Co., in St. Louis.
George W. Burch, plumbing and hard
ware, Santa Rosa, liabilities $5353. assets
$5625.
Eight Petitions Handed in tor the
Clerk of the District
Court.
BANKRUPTCY FILING
RECOBD IS BTLOKESS
Nezv York Grain and Produce.
8
STATIONS.
reka
1 Bluff
•rair.ento
i Francisco
sno
ppeadence
i Luis Oblspo
i Angeles
i Ditaro
Last This I Last
24 Hours Season. | Season
0.00 . 44.49 47.31
0.00 j 22.67 20.56
0.00 17.50 J6.40
0.00 18.99 17.89
0.00 1U.3S 7.36
0.00 5.S0 2.S1
0.00 27.S8 15.26
0.00 14.17 5.71
0.00 10.55 3.41
STATIONS.
reka
1 Bluff
•rair.ento
i Francisco
sno
ppeadence
i Luis Oblspo
i Angeles
i Ditaro
Last This I Last
24 Hours Season. | Season
0.00 . 44.49 47.31
0.00 j 22.67 20.56
0.00 17.50 J6.40
0.00 18.99 17.89
0.00 1U.3S 7.36
0.00 5.S0 2.S1
0.00 27.S8 15.26
0.00 14.17 5.71
0.00 10.55 3.41
AUCTION SALES
PUBLIC AUCTION OF DRY GOODS WITH-
OUT RESERVE. DRY GOODS AND
GEN'TS* FURNISHING GOODS to be sold at
1722^ MARKET, between VAX NESS and
POLK, commencing MONDAY. April 22. at
2:30 and 1:30 P. M. JOHN ELDER CO..
Auctioneers.
p-M^/E YO U-^
*f a small amount' of ready money which you' would §T
I like to invest in safe securities with aninsur- J
1 ance that the in vestmehT\vill yield excellent re- h
¦ turns? If so, r>o other company can offer such *
I - favorable opportunities as ours.. B
§p .A call at our office will interest any one with fp
TT one hundred dollars or one hundred thousand. |
m • We can take care of either with mutual sat- 9
I \A/EST^(pASl 1nVEST7AENT(^- &THE SECRETARY OF THE SEN
ATE OF THE NATIONAL UN
ION. "
Juvenile laborers employed by the Tubbs
Cordage Company, 'at the . Potrero,' emu
lating the efforts of their elders, are out
on strike. : The youthful strikers demand
an "Increase of pay varying from 10 to 25
percent.
Youthful Strikers Make Demands.
An unknown . man, evidently about 50
years of age, was found unconscious yes
terday afternoon on" Geary street, near
Brook, and sent to the Receiving-Hos
pital, where he was treated for a . wound
on the head. He died at the hospital. late
last night. It was learned that he had
fallen down the steps leading to the sa
loon at 25 Geary street, but had risen after
falling and walked away. 1 ,*~ *
Killed by a Fall.
QAKLAND, April , 18.— Leo Block, - a
schoolboy. 11 years of age, 5 has been /re
ported to .'the police t as missing "from. -.his
home at 727 Magnolia street, where for six
months he has been living with his father,
who came : here from Los Angeles. The
boy's parents separated , four .years' agro,
the mother. ; retaining^ the 'custody., of . a
daughter. The father does -not know
where his wife is now\ residing.- He says
the boy disappeared about 7 o'clock Mon
dav morning under circumstances which
lea"d him to fear 'that ¦ his son . has . been
abducted. ¦
"Mrs.- Mary Rupert, my next door
neighbor, told : me : that she had observed
a strange woman 1 hanging : • around . the
place for several days befoVe the boy dis
appeared." said Block/ "Shelwas in the
neighborhood ; ¦' the morning . , the : boy
dropped out of- sight. y;-I have no 'idea las.
to her identity." , :
FEARS HIS : SON^ MAY
HAVE BEEN ABDUCTED
Congressman Kahn was the principal
speaker at an enthusiastic meeting. held
last night under the auspices of the Nuevo
Potrero Improvement Club in Rasmus
sen's Hall on Rhodes Island street. Mr.
Kahn spoke of the needs of the district
and stated that he wou'd advocate at the
next session of Congress a bill to appro
priate a sum for the investigation by the
United States engineers of Islals Creek to
determine whether it can be used for har
bor purposes. He also spoke of the oppo
sition manifested in Hawaii against the
deportation to the islands of the lepers
now in this country. He wilt suggest that
the lepers be moved to some island on the
coast where they can be kept in seclusion.
Peter Stalberg presided at the meeting,
which was also addressed by Supervisor
Dwyer, Max Popper and M. Roundey,
president of the Federation of Mission Im
provement Clubs.
Kahn Talks of Potrero's Needs.
Woman Member of the Library Board
Expresses Opinion on' Contro
. . versy Over Appointments.
ALAMEDA, April 18.— "Those men can
resign of they want to, but I'm going to
stay in this fight to the last ditch. , If
they think so much of Mr. Bowers- and
deem him indisDehsable to the Board of
Library- Trustees, why don't one of the
four of them withdraw- in- his v favor?
There's. nothins to stop them. And even
If they do all withdraw, why I guess there
are enough people in this town to fill their
places. All this talk seems to me a little
bit inconsistent.
"As for the statement that our appoint
ments : were illegally made, just because
Chairman Forderer did not make them
personally, I think that is drawing things
pretty fine. Wasn't Mr. Forderer present
when the appointments were made and
didn't he acquiesce in everything that was
done? Well. then, that ought to be suffi
cient It was just as if the president of
the board had done It personally. The law
was strictly obeyed. These technicalities
have been brought to light simply because
a mistake was made and they want to get
me out." ' ' ' .
These are the sentiments of Mrs. I. N.
Chapman on the Library Board question
which is agitating the Alameda common
wealth. ..Mrs. Chapman is what is known
as a "spunky little woman." She is one
of the kind that stand" by their guns to
the last, else she wouldn't be, probably; a
contender for universal suffrage. She will
not be pushed off the Library Board with
out a struggle, as can-be inferred from
her remarks about four men.
City Attorney M. W; Simpson has given
it as his opinion, that the action of the
Citv Trustees Monday night : when each,
made an appointment of a Library Trus
tee is not according to the provisions of
the new library law. Former City Attor
ney-Taylor concurs '.with him. • The four
male members of the Library Board have
said all they are going to say for a while.
MRS. CHAPMAN WILL STAY
IN FIGHT TO THE LAST
t^r<iay reported in favor of the petition
of J. L. Flood for permission to erect a
Hi oproof building ISO feet in height on the
1-A at Market, Powell and Ellis streets.
Similar action was taken regarding the
Petition of Charles E. Green and H. T.
f?oott for permission to build a fireproof
hotel twelve stories high on the northwest
ocrner of Geary and Powell streets.
The committee also recommended the
liasxapp of an ordinance regulating and
controlling the storage of crude oils and
explosives and giving additional powers
to the Fire Marshal in connection there
with.
Several citizens? ' made protest' ag&Jnst
Ihe r-ftition of T. Saunders to maintain.
•in engine and boiler In connection with
a small canning establishment on Morris
avenue. It was claimed that property
¦would depreciate DO per cent in a district
already burdened with the Southern Pa
cific tracks. County Hospital and Pest-
Vntise. Action or. the petition was de
ferred until Anril 22.
Supervisors' . Fire Committee Favors
Improvement of Old Bald
win Hotel Lot.
The Supervisors' Fire Committee yes-
TXCOD OBTAINS PEB.MIT
TO ERECT HIGH BUILDING
To-day's action is based upon the action
of Wilson in liring three shots into the
Scouler home in Corte Madera at 9 o'clock
last Tuesday night. To-day the Scoulers
refused to prosecute Wilson. They be
lieve that he meant to do them.no harm.
James R. McCue, however, who lives ion
adjoining property, does not intend to
drop the matter so easily. He contends,
as do the officers who have investigated
the case, that AVilson made a mistake in
the houses and that the McCue home was
the one he intended to riddle. Wilson ad
mits the shooting, but -protests that the
bullets were fired at a skunk. ;
SAN RAFAEL, April 18.-A warrant
was to-day issued by Judge Belrude -of
Sausalito for the arrest of Charles R. Wil
son' upon a charge of assault to commit
murder. The complainant was James S.
McCue. ¦
cause of Shooting.
Arrest of Charles "Wilson Be-
James McCtie of Corte Madera Cause3
CHlAiRGED WITH ATTEMPT
TO MTJBDEB NEIGHBOR
J. Scoville, J. W. Cuthbert, J. N. Bunting, H.
W. Maas, Edgar Rust, E. H. Hill, T. H.
Rumpf C. E. Forris, William Wallace, J, R.
McCufflck. C. Schuldt, F. H. Hastings, W.
W. Healy. A. G. Maas, E. H. Kidd. J. L. Mor
ris, H. Blass, A. H. . Milberry. J. H. Schu
macher, F. Schumacher. L. W. Clarke, H.
A. Graves, H. L. Tickner, J. H. Culler, ¦ J.
Blewett. J. Ottenberg-, P. A. Doane, F. Rock
ford. H. Baum. H. G. Krasky. M. Kllch. M.
Helduska. E. C. Stock. A. McPherson, W. S.
Ccleman, D. W. Burchard.. W. Healy. Joseph
A. "Wilson, L. Vincent. \V. A. S. Nicholson,
E. Dreyfuss, Norman R. Arter, M. Todd, M.
E. Stanford. Julius Caiman, A. v Hockwald, A.
Farless. Emile E. Kahn. W. C. 'Anderson. W.
R. Davis. M. . W. Levy. M. Gerst, T. Moss,
Leo Blumenthal, W. B. Thomas. William Wal
lace, M. A. Fraser. F. G. Wilson, M. Gold,
Charles D. Wheeler, A. Slchel, F. Nowden, C.
H. Blinn. C. H. Van Orden, A. J. Sparrow, M.
Burris, George H. Bahrs.
ROUTSTEIN'S LEG BROKEN.— "Wolff Rout
eteln of 623 California street fell from the roof
of a building- at Ninth and Harrison streets
yesterday and broke his leg.
DISCHARGED SOLDIER ARRESTED.—
Charles A. Rosk, a discharged ' soldier, was
arrested at 1659 Market Btreet by Police Officers
J. H. Clancy and J. H. Nolte yesterday on
the charge of exhibiting a deadly weapon In
a rude and boisterous manner. '
ROW IN RESTAURANT.— John Linsley was
arrested by Officers Clancy and Cassldy yester
day and booked at the City Hall for an as
eautt with a deadly weapon. He had a row
witn a man named O'Brien In a restaurant at
751 Mission street and struck him on the head
with a piece of gas pipe.
BARTENDERS' UNION.— The f Bartenders"
Union of San Francisco will meet In Pythian
Castle Monday evening to elect officers and to
organize. They will apply for a charter from
the Bartendere' League of the United States
and will also apply for membership in the Fed
erated Trades of this city.
EDWARDS CASE DISMISSED.— The charge
of assault to murder against Lewis Edwards,
bartender in the Chicago saloon. Third and
Howard streets, for shooting Edward Barry on
February 17. was dismissed by Judge Cabaniss
Wednesday, as the evidence showed that Ed
wards acted in self-defense.
GIRL TELLS STRANGE TALE.— The police
are investigating the case of Lillian M. How
land, who was found sleeping in a vacant house
at 47 Gilbert street last night by the policeman
on duty on that street. She was formerly an
| inmate of the Glen Ellen Home for Feeble
minded Children. She claims she was ill
treated by a family with whom she was liv
ing.
HANCOCK FILES ANSWER.— Robert J.
Hancock filed answer yesterday to the com
plaint for maintenance made by his wife, Ella
Wood Hancock. In the answer Hancock denies
that he deserted his wife or refused to main
tain her, but avei? that she refused to accept
his effer of $150 a 1 month. The sum named is
all he can afford to pay, Hancock avers, his In
come being only $562 a month.
WANT THE STREETS CLEARED.— G. H.
Roundey and others have filed a petition for
a writ of mandate to compel the Board of
Public Works to direct owners of property in
i the district bounded by Salamls avenue and
Thirty-fifth avenue south, Dwlght street and ,
Barnevcld avenue to tear down fences and re
move other obstructiont. which. It Is alleged,
now render the streets of the district impas
sable.
FINED FOR CONTEMPT.— A. E. Buckraan
was fined $20 for contempt of court yesterday
by Judge Kerrigan for failing to obey the
mandate of a subpena directing him to ap
pear last week and testify in the case insti
tuted arainst him by the Union Collection Com
pany. Buckman explained that he was In Eu
reka on the day the tubpena called for his
presence in court, but Judge Kerrigan was of
opinion that he had willfully disregarded the
summons.
PASSED A WORTHLESS CHECK.— A war
rant was Issued yesterday by Judge Cabaniss
for the arrest of "Jolm Doe" on a charge of
obtaining money by false pretenses. Tuesday
he called at the office of the William Cluft
Comp*any. 20 Front street, and represented that
he was Henry Meyer of 35 Eddy street. He
asked as a favor if tlie firm would cash a
check for him for $65 on the Wells-Fargo Bank,
eigncd by "G.-F. Krueger." He got the money,
but the check was foui.d to be worthless.
JUDGE VAN FLEET TESTIFIES.— Ejc-
Juetice of the Supreme Court Van Fleet was
a witness yesterday in the case of Horace W.
Philbrook against Van R. Paterson. Judge
Van Fleet could throw :io light on Philbrook's
conspiracy theory. Philbrook sought to prove
that the fact that Juciye Van Fleet had mar
ried a cousin of Charles F. Crocker demon
strated his connection with the railroad, but
Judge Van Fleet said that all he knew of
railroad affairs he gathered from public rumor.
The case will go on again to-day.
BRIEF LOCAL NEWS.
Officers Are Elected for ths Ensuing
Term — The Red Cross Degree
Conferred.
The forty-third annual conclave of the
Orand Commandery. Knights Templar,
rpened in the Masonic Temple yesterday
morning, with all the grand officers and
representatives from the several com
manderies of the State present. The fore
noon was taken up in the presentation of
the officers' reports of the work of the
past year, and in the afternoon the fol
lowing, .-officers were elected: George B.
McKee of San Jose, grand commander;
"William F. Pierce of Oakland, . deputy
prand commander; William D. Knights of
Pacramento, grand generalissimo: George
Fisinbaugh of Los Angeles, grand captain
funeral: John B. de JarViatt of Colusa.
prand senior warden; B. P. Flint of San
Francisco, grand junior warden; Edward
Voleman of San Francisco, grand treas
urer, and William A. Davies of San Fran
cisco, grand recorder.
In the evening Golden Gate Command
ery gave an exemplification of Red Cross
degree before the Grand Commandery.
GRAND COMMANDERY
OF KNIGHTS TEMPLA3
Stockton's Democratic Ticket.
STOCKTON, April. 18.— The Democratic
City Convention to-night nominated the
following ticket to be voted at the city
election May 21 next: For Mayor, George
E. Catts; Superintendent of Streets, James
Gianelll; City Engineer. H. T. Compton;
Assessor, W. E. O'Connor; Councilmen—
H. A. Wright, J. J. Quinn, C. W. Yolland.
George Leiginger, Jacob Klemp: School
Directors — Mrs. L. • Clare Davis, E. \VY' S.
"Woods and J. M. Kile. -
Fire Destroys Oil Drill.
SUISUN, April 18.— The ¦ drilling, rig of
the: Rochester Oil .Company, which was
organized by local residents to bore for
oil on the Dickson place, about eight miles
northeast of Suisun, was burned at r an
early hour this morning. I The loss is $1500.
Accompanied by Nate Hill. His
Double, Little Jockey Leaves
on Deutschland."
NEW YORK, April 18.— James Tod
hunter Sloan and Nate. Hill, his. double,
sailed on- the Deutschland to-day. The
former goes to England to apply for a
license to ride. Nate Hill is en route to
Austria to fill an engagement with C.
"Weinberg to pilot his horses this summer
for $5000.
Sloan said he fears no trouble In ob
taining a new license from the English
Jockey Club stewards. He felt sure that
when the stewards hear his side of. the
story the necessary permission to ride
will be accorded him. In the event of his
quest being successful he will stay in En
gland all summer. If he is refused per
mission to resume his vocation, he will
return in three weeks; . •
St. Petersburg Operatives Enraged at
Being Refused Demand De
stroy Company's Property.
LONDON, April 18.— A dispatch from
St. Petersburg says that although the
students remain quiescent the authorities
are disturbed by the attitude of- the ¦work
ing people and isolated troubles are con
sidered unavoidable on May 1. The work
ing people are attempting to introduce
Labor day observances. Practically the
whole of the operatives of the St. Peters
burg Steel Company, an immense con
cern which, among other things, manu
factures ordnance, recently demanded a
half holiday on full pay. When the de
mands were refused they broke into the
manager's office, forced the company's
officials to flee for their lives, tore their
fur coats into shreds and burned valuable
books and papers. Police and mounted
gendarmes chased and routed the rioters.
SLOAN SAILS FOR ENGLAND.
Men at Stanford University Nomin
ated for Various Positions in
the Student Body.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, April 18.—
The nominations of student body officers
for the ensuing college year were held to
day. With the exception of the office of
treasurer, which is the most important, a,
full quota of candidates presented them
selves. The election will take place next
Wednesday. The nominations follow.:
For student body president— McCormick,
Cowden, Schwartzkop.
For vice president of student body — C. DeW.
Scott, K. Cooper.
Secretary of student body — A. B. Sill, 1>. S.
Loofborough, W. R. Hamilton.
Treasurer— John T. Nourse.
Executive committee: Class of 1902— E. W.
Kice, E. M. Chadbourne, G. C. Miller, F. H.
Foster, L.. H. Roseberry, F. L. S laker. Class
of 1993— R. L. Brooke, Frank Hess, Paul Par
ker. Class of 1904— A. S. Henley, R. McFad-,
den, W. B. Chandler, O. C. Spenser,
Athletic committee— Whipple Hall. V. D.
Lousley. H. Hamilton. N. Dole, "W. B. Barn
hisel. C. B. Rlatt, W. H. Mlsner, R. B. Ball,
J. C. McCaughern, L- P. Bausboch, W. H.
Dunn, B. Adams, .A. Preston.
Editor of Daily Palo Alto— Frank Hinman.
Manager of Daily Palo Alto— C. A. Cantwell.
Editor of Sequoia — C. A. 'Whltmore. J. K.
Bonnell. Manager of Sequoia— C. J. Crary, N.
C. Grlder.
TEAR MANAGER'S FUR COATS
WHEN DENIED A HOLIDAY/
COLLEGE CANDIDATES
BEGIN THE CAMPAIGN
MEMBERS of the local councils of
the National Union of this city,
Berkeley and San Jose tendered
a ba*nquet in the California
Hotel last night to Captain J.
W. Meyers, secretary of the senate of the
order, a position equal to supreme secre
tary of like orders. There were present
about .eighty, who enjoyed an excellent
menu.
J. E. Field, acting as toastmaster, spoke
of the good work that the guest of honor
has done for the order since the organiza
tion of the senate, and then called on him
for "just a tew remarks." He was fol
lowed by F. H. Hastings, W. A. S. Nich
olson, president of California Council; a
musical interlude by the California Hay
seed Band, F. W. Burchard of San Jose
Council, specialties by 'Billy Hynes. Past
President Norman R. Arter of Golden
Gate Council. J. W. Culberth of El Dora
do Council, .vocal solo by J. Fowden of
Berkeley Council, remarks by Deputy J.
N. Pounting, J. E. Field. C. H. Blinn
and A. Farless, after which all bid the
guest bood-by. as he will leave for his
home in Toledo, Ohio, to-day. The fol
lowing were at the banquet: '
H Sheppard C. R. Ford, J. Thompson, J.
E. Field, J. B. Carmany. R. T. Onyon, W.
K. Wheelock. H. D. Corbett, W. A. Smith.
J. H. Baker, E. M. Elliot. D. E. Bescher.-J.
Refusal to Grant Advance in Wages
Causes Th?m to Take
Step.
CLEVELAND, Ohio, April 18.— A strike
of all the firemen and linemen employed
on harbor tugs 'controlled by the Great
Lakes Towing- Company at Cleveland,
Erie, Conneaut, Fairport, Loraln. Huro-i
and Ashtabula .has -.been authorized to
take effect immediately. The Great Lakes
Towing, Company owns practically all the
tugs at the ports nam n d. • ;
The strike was decided upon as a resu'.t
.of the refusal of the company to grant an
advance in wages\of $5 per month. , Th-j
men now get $50 a month. As few tugs
have thus far gone; Int o commission not
more than 200 men are affected. . - ' . ¦
Evidence of Crime Lacking.
SUISUN, April ,18.— George Gibson and
Ed Dichs,. who were arrested two weeks
ago .for the murder of Albert Anderson
near Winters, had their preliminary ex
amination before Justice of the Peace R.
H. Brown in Dixon to-day. They were
dismissed on the motion of District At
torney Frank R. Devlin, as . he did not
consider the evidence against them was
sufficient to warrant holding them for
trial before the Superior Court.' No testi
mony was. offered connecting them- with
the crime. ¦ _ ¦
LAKE TOWBOAT FIREMEN
AND LINEMEN' STRIKE
Delegates.
WICHITA, Kans.; April lS.-Nearly 700
Scottish Rite Masons banqueted here to
day, the feast being the culmination of a
consistory jubilee, during which 170 candi
dates were. given from the fourth to the
thirty-second degrees. To-night's function
was. very elaborate in every respect, the
adornment in Masonic symbols being espe
cially artistic. Judge Henry C. Sluss of
this city, member of the Court of Private
Land Claims, was toastmaster. Congress
man James D. Richardson of Tennessee
responded to the toast "The Supreme
Council, Southern Jurisdiction"; Henry L.
Palmer of Milwaukee, "The Supreme
Council, Northern Jurisdiction"; Freder
ick Weber of Washington, T>. C, "The
Centennial of Our Supreme Council";
Martin Collins of St. Louis. "The Scottish
Rite at the Dawn of the Twentieth Cen
tury"; Senator Henry M. Teller of Colo
rado, "Free Masonry and Our Country";
Thomas W. Harrison of Topeka, "The
Rite in Kansas"; Henry Wallenstein of
Wichita, "Albert Pike," and J. Giles
Smith of Wichita, "The Rite in Wichita."
All of the speakers were thirty-third de
gree Masons. The receipts of ' the local
consistory from initiation fees were $20,4C0.
The banquet cost $7000. ' '.-... . . .
Consistory Jubilee Culminates in a
Great Banquet to the Order's
SCOTTISH RITE MASONS
FEAST AMID SPLENDOR
EMPORIA, Kans., April 18.— Dr. Oscar
Chrisman, the founder of the science of
child study, who over a year ago created
a sensation before the National Mothers'
Congress by the .assertion in a lecture
that women alone were capable of love
and men were Incapable, has lost his
chair in the Kansas State Normal School.
His relations with the president and fac
ulty have been strained ever since his
notable lecture, and it is thought influ
ences were brought to .; bear on the re
gents against him. :
Dr. Chrisman, Author of Sensational
.Lecture, Alleged Victim of
Regents' Prejudice.
FOUNDER OF CHILD -STUDY
DEPRIVED OF HIS CHAIR
: Department.
..WASHINGTON, April 18.— Several im
portant naval changes were announced at
the Navy Department to-day. Command
er P. R. Ingersoll has been ordered to 'the
command of the Bennington, relieving
Commander C H. Arnold. Commander
William Smith has assumed command of
the Concord as the relief of Commander
Colby. Commander E. H.- Gt een has been
detached from command of the Marietta
and ordered to the command of the Bru
tus. Commander J. K. Cogswell has been
detached from the Cavite station and or
dered to the command of the Marietta.
All the vessels named are on the Asiatic
station. - .'"•*•
Commanders of the' Vessels of the
Squadron Are Transferred by
IMPORTANT NAVAL CHANGES
ON THE ASIATIC STATION
BOSTON, April 18.— The first authorita
tive announcement concerning the nego
tiations for a purchase of the Chicago,
Burlington and Quincy Railroad Com
pany by the Northern Pacific and Great
Northern Railroad ! companies was given
out to-night from the office of the Bos
ton News Bureau in the form of a state
ment from Director and ex-President
Charles E. Perkins of the Chicago, Bur
lington and Quincy, as follows, f
Mr. Perkins says it was practically
settled this afternoon that a formal offer
of $200 per share willl be made \ in the
course of a week or two, payable in the
Joint 4 per cent bonds of the Great North
ern and Northern Pacific companies, se
cured by a deposit of Chicago, Burling
ton and Quincy stock In trust, and that
J. P. Morgan & Co.; in behalf of the syn
dicate, will offer to buy $50,000,000 of the
bonds at par. Mr. Perkins says that per
sonally he is in • favor of accepting the
proposition.
Director of the Road .Issues First
Authoritative Announcement
of the Situation.
PERKINS FAVORS MORGAN'S
OFFER FOR BURLINGTON
Mrs. Florence Granville Testifies to
the Fighting in Mrs. Marvin's
Home.
The preliminary examination of Mrs.
}!*££:e Pfaff on the charge of murder for
throwing a lighted lamp at Mrs. Mary
I.JuivJn. 1411 Folsom street, on the night
of Aj-ril 9 and' causing her death from
burns, was commenced before Judge
Kritz yesterday afternoon. Corporal R'.is
re!l of the Police Department exhibited a
•iiagram of the Marvin home, showing
where the lamp was thrown.
Mrs. Florence Granville, 3507 Seven
if^nth stroct, testilied that she took din
::<r with Mrs. Pfaff on the night in ques
tion. After dinner they went to Mrs.
Marvin's, and when they got to the door
Mrs. Pfaff in a spirit of fun tied some
ihingi 1 to the knob of Mrs. Marvin's door.
Mif. Marvin was ar.gr>' when she opened
\ho door ;:t peeing the things on the knob,
iind r-hf and Mrs. Pfaff started to tight.
Witntss separated them and said if they
<lld net behave themselves she would
leave. For trie sake of peace Mrs. Gran
"•llle raid it was Mrs. Pfaff's boy who tied
the things to the door, and Mrs. Marvin
or lied the boy an offensive name. They
started to fight again and witness left the
room. She heard screams, and on re
lurning saw both Mrs. Marvin and Mrs.
Pfaff with their clothing on fire.
Thl? concluded the evidence for the day
and the case will be resumed this morn
ing.
MRS. FFAFF'S HEARING
ON MURDER CHARGE
WASHINGTON, April 18.— News has
been received at the Navy Department of
the death of Commander Charles O. Alli
bone, commanding the gunboat Wilming
ton, at Cavlte this afternon from heart
failure. Commander Allibone was a na
tive of Pennsylvania and was appointed
to the naval academy from the State of
New Jersey. He entered the service In
July, .1S63. ,
Charles O. Allibone.
SANTA ANA, April IS.— A telegram was
received here to-day announcing the death
of George Abram Smith, the well-known
singer. Mr. Smith and family left hers
a short time ago for Mobile, Alabama, for
a visit to Mrs. Smith's people. Deceased
was a brother of Conscrtssman Smith of
Michigan and waa well known In musical
circles in Lt)s Angeles, San Jose and San
Francisco.
George Abram Smith.
TELL.URIDE, Colo., April IS.— H. J.
Oakland, contractor for the Smuggler
Union mines, was Instantly killed to-day
by a cave of loose ground. He was about
40 years old.
THE DAY'S DEAD.
Mining Contractor Killed.
WASHINGTON, April 13.— The three
*days' pool tournament between De Oro
and Frank Sherman for the world's cham
pionship ended to-night In a victory for
De Oro, who made a total of 600 points
against 498 for his opponent- ¦ •
De Oto Wins.
McKeesport Connecting Railroad
McKEESPORT, Pa., April 1?.— After
safely passing- through one labor trouble.
McKeesport has just entered another. At
7:30 o'clock to-night all the hands em
ployed on the McKeesport Connecting
Railroad struck for a longer dinner hour.
The men at present have to return to
work immediately after they are through
eating* their midday meal, and they now
demand forty-five minutes. The strikers
include the engineers, firemen and brake
men in the yards of the National Tube
Works' rolling mills, the Monongahela
blast furnaces rind the Monongahela Steel
Works of the National Tube Company,
numbering about fifty men. The men are
all members of the Brotherhood of Train
men, and that organization is expected to
back the men In their demands. A com
rnltteeman who waa appointed to confer
with the officials was dismissed when he
had stated the demands of the men. The
action of the railroad hands will cause
the suspension of the entire plant, and
this will cause 10,000 men to be thrown
out of employment. Up to 9 o'clock to
night the plants were all running, but It
Is thought work will be suspended before
morning.
Sands Demand More Time for
Midday Meal.
STRIKE FOR DINNER HOTJR.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
' 1118 Broadway, April 18.
The prospective battle between the late
Volr.ey D. Moody's children, their step
mother and her daughters over the distri
bution of the dead man's fortune has given
rise to many gossipy stories about the
strained relationship which existed be
tween the family factions during the life
time of the pioneer banker. But the prime
I cause of dissatisfaction above all of the
property Interests themselves is the ob
jection the three children.' W. C. Moody,
Mrs. Jessie L. Appleton and Mrs. "Wil
liam F. Blood, make to the way their
father arranged for the distribution of
their stepmother's? two-fifths portion of
the estate. # .s
According to the will, Mrs. Mary S.
Gray and Mrs. Robinson; Moody's step
daughters, will come in for that bulky
part of the property their mother Is to
receive. Special provision was made in
the will that in the event Mrs. Moody No.
2 died before her husband all he Intended
to give her .should go to her daughters.
Now, after she dies, in the event the two
daughters survive, her share will go to
them.
According to the children's point of
view, therefore, two strangers with no
claim of blood relationship whatever are
to phare in a fortune that they, the off
spring, believe should be their- portion.
This is one of the chief bones of con
tention in the disturbance that has caused
so much friction in the Moody families.
It is doubly a source of complaint in the
eyes of the children because they are con
vinced that the share of the estate de
vised to the stepmother is very much
greater than the fractional two-fifths
nominated in the will. This is due, claim
the trio, to the many specific allotments
of property which , were made to Mrs.
Mcody by deed before her husband's
death and then by confirmation in the
will.
It is practically settled that there will
be a strong effort made to adjust matters
out of court. The hearing of he execu
tors' petition for letters testamentary Is
sot for Monday, but a 'continuance will
undoubtedly be requested in order that
the attorneys may meet together.
William F. Blood, the son-in-law, who
resides In Oakland, expects that there
will be a conference on Saturday between
the lawyers and that the situation will
then be reviewed. Although the purpose
is to reach a settlement out of court and
to avoid the litigation which must open a
long campaign, the existing ill feeling be
tween the branches of the capitalist's
family is an acknowledged obstacle to the
accomplishment of that end.
Some Obstacles Bar the Way
to Settlement of the
Quarrel.
Children Do Not Want
the Stepdaughters
to Inherit.
FIGHTING OVER
MOODY ESTATE
Soon after breakfast Mrs. Phillips went
downtown to do some shopping. A little
later Sweeney, who it is presumed arrived
in the city last night, called at the apart
ments and was admitted by Mrs. Phillips'
6-year-old son. He asked for his wife, and
hearing a voice, she appeared. Seeing her
he drew a revolver and told the boy to
run. Before the terrified 'woman could
scream Sweeney sent a bullet through
her brain, killing her instantly. Placing
the weapon to his own head he fired and
dropped dead beside the body of his wife.
Mrs. Sweeney was a daughter of Thom
as P. Morgan, an extensive planter in
Greenville, Ky. W. I. Phillips, at whos9
home the. tragedy occurred, is a local to«
bacco merchant.. ' . ¦•'....
The tragedy .was the result of . domestic
difficulties. A month ago Sweeney and his
wife separated, and she came to Chicago
after notifying • her J husband that she
would obtain ••* divorce. -¦ He replied.' it is
said, that he would kill her if she did so.
Mrs. Sweeney , arrived here a few days
ago, taking up her residence with her. sis
ter, Mrs. W. I. Phillips, in the Dubuque
flats.
CHICAGO, April 18.^CharIes H. Swee
ney, a wealthy cotton planter of Green
ville, Ky., early to-day shot and killed his
wife and then blew out his brains at the
Dubuque flats, in Rush street. .
Double Tragedy the Result
of Quarrels and Sep
aration. ; •
Planter Keeps a Threat
and Then Shoots
Himself.
FOLLOWS WIFE
AND KILLS HER
Just what the committee will ask for fs
not known here. It is not supposed that
their requests will be for more than the
diversion of a portion of the freights now
carried in chartered vessels not owned
by the Government. It is : understood
here that the committee has proceeded
with all possible secrecy that no opposi
tion might be developed prior to its arri
val at the capital. There Is a direct line
from the Northwest to Manila, and trade
rivalry between the Pacific Coast sections
may be made manifest in the proceedings.
CALL BUREAU. 1406 G STREET. N.
"WV, WASHINGTON, April 18.— The de
partment people say that the Pacific
transport service Is a fixture that will be
maintained permanently. This declara
tion is brought out' by the news" that a
committee of prominent Californians, re
spectively representing the San Francisco
Chamber of Commerce, San Francisco
Board of Trade and the San Francisco
Produce J Exchange, is on the way to
"Washington for the purpose of ' having 1
freights now carried on the transports
diverted from the private steamship lines
for the purpose of helping to establish a
direct steamer line between San Fran
cisco and the Philippine Islands for com
mercial purposes. .
News of the Californians*
Committee Prompts
the Action.
Department Says Pacific
Service Is Here
to Stay.
NO WITHDRAWAL
OF TRANSPORTS
NASHVILLE, Tenn.. April 18.— Senator
W. B. Eldridge of Memphis. In open ses
sion of tho Senate to-day, accused ex-
Controller James A. Harris of an at
tempt to bribe:' I He charged that Harrla
came to him at hla seat in the Senate
chamber this morning and offered him
$500 and promised him to have withdrawn
a suit pending against him on, the condi
tion that he would vote for the terminal
bill when it came up on a motion to re
consider.
The terminal bill, which provides an
amendment to the charter or the Louis
ville and Nashville Terminal Company,
forcing it to allow the use of the terminal
facilities by any railroad which may de
mand It, and which was advocated as
a means to let the Tennessee Central Into
the terminal station here, waa defeated
in the Senate Tuesday, but a motion to
reconsider was pending.
In accordance with the Senator's re
quest, a committee of three, was appoint
ed to investigate the alleged bribery. Har
ris declined to make a statement further
than to declare Senator Eldridge's charges
untrue.
Ex-Oontroller of Tennes
see Accused in the
Senate.
?
Senator Eldridge Claims He
Was Offered Money
for Vote.
POINTS HARRIS
OUT AS BRIBER
Arthur Dipple and Paul Werner, two
!e<!s of tender years, who began a crim
inal career as safe-crackers last Febru
sry, have been agrain taken Into custody
by the police. Dipple and Werner v/ere
trrested last night by Detectives Ed
Wren and George McMahon and brought
to the Hall of Justice to explain their con
nection with a hold-up that occurred at
I^envenworth and Greenwich streets last
Wednesday afternoon. On account of
their youth they were soon liberated, the
stolen property having been returned to
it? owner.
Dipple and Werner, who are each 11
yours old, held up Charles Maxwell, a son
of George Maxwell, formerly of the rire
<'ommlssion. a«d robbed him of his watch.
1 he affair was conducted a la highway
man and in broad daylight. The detec
tives succeeded in landing the culprits
lifter they had located the watch.
The boys entered four Ftores on Mont
promery avenue on the night of February
23 j;nd* attempted to blow open the safes.
In two of the places they broke off tho
safe knob? and afterward fired the prem
ises.
Dipple and Werner Hold
Up and Rob Another
Lad.
Commence as Safe-Crackers
and Now Have Turned
Highwaymen.
BOY CRIMINALS
AT WORK AGAIN
NATIONAL UNION GIVES BANQUET
IN HONOR OF SENATE SECRETARY
Captain J. W. Meyers of Toledo, a Prominent Of
ficer of the Order, Is Entertained by Councils
of San Francisco, Berkeley and San Jose
THE SA1ST FRANCISCO CAIJL, FRIDAY, APRIL 19, 1901;
9
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
4 visit DR. JORDAN'S great
5 MUSEUM OF ANATOMY
6 GJ ::ni:iESt:rc.iet.c±«?i,s.r.w. l
\ ' fjf The l^arpest Anatomical Museum in tbe .
M __JV__ World. Weaknesses or iny contracted
7 5S3J c.sease p..iii.,lj r .,,d i, y the oldest
Q fgg g I ijpecialist oa tbe Coast. EsL 36 years. (
h fl^gi OR. JORDAN-DISEASES OF MEN ,
i FiSjHljftl Consultation free and strictly priTXte.
&¦% jBer H Treatment personally or by letter. A i
» *» M V r *" c "* t Cure ¦¦> erery case undertaken. '
A r II A Write for Book. MULOSOPnV of ,
W « j I naRBIAGE. MAILED FREE. (A\
A <i U valuable bock for mrn)
" OK. JUKI) A.3T A CO.. 1051 Mnrkpt fit.. S. P. I
TRY IT.
It acts promptly and effectually but
gently, without a gripe or pain.
A 100- Page Book of Stories and H'^Wf
Anecdotes of Abraham Lincoln free -<^»»^=3,,.
wi'.h every ?-,-cent package. %$j'SJ$&'
ATT. nptTr;r:T<;T«. t^SmuS
Are you real certain 'your liver is in
good working condition ? If it isn't
you know it, the symptoms are too
positive to allow you to be deceived.
That coated tongue, yellow skin,
headache, etc., can be relieved by
ADVERTISEMENTS.
r 1 - Y/fffftf/f a Every day you clean the house you
X^M^wM^'K ** ve '0: t0 gct ricJ - °* tJie dust anc * dirt *
Your body, the house your soul lives in,
i^^^ff^^ i(^^^^S- a k° becomes filled up with all manner of
* '•iT*^£^~~- ' afeS? tilth, which should nave been removed
¦^gpSf •" :=^\^ lsl( - ' from day to day. Your body needs daily
'¦ '^^ft^fftf^^fr^- flv cleaning inside. If your bowels, your
•^Si^^*^^i Sllw liver, your kidneys are full' of putrid filth,
:^^^^^i s^^ a y° u c * on ' t c^ ean them out, you'll be in
: -'^^i2BKto0BwI4/^v bad odor with yourself and everybody else.
DON'T USE A HOSE to clean your
"^^^^^^^^P , body 'inside, but sweet, fragrant, mild but
''^SK^\9mmm/J P° sitive and forcefuI CASCARETS, that
• WORK WHILE YOU SLEEP, prepare
"^^PWm liF^W/// th * fifth collected '4 y° ur bod y for
. vXW .* j ' ' V^2^= X • removal, and drive it off softly, gently, but
Y\ay' I Zr \ v^ /f\ none *he less surely, leaving your blood
- I ¦•».¦'• P ure anc^ nourishing, your stomach and
Sv*v»A bowels dean and lively, and your liver
V \ > and kidneys healthy and active* Get a
50-cent box today, a" whole month s
treatment, and if not satisfied get your, money back— but you'll see how the cleaning
ofy(?urbody.is^^^/ V ¦ /, .
HADE EASY BY ¦".;/";
ffS999J^B ' VMK&a&W^Jw) a vHMjfBjjs ¦ ¦ . nwiCT. ' ' " * mSStSM w!B£9& * H -BUSS Bnv^L F«C— 'J T V'X.* *\ nil S£f«a
25c* ; 50cT^^Br^i^^^^rsr i never
mt ppT Tr r / TTsrs 1^ ltt ffl-fii,^p SOLD IN BULK.
Alifftl" aI1 bowel troubles, appendicitis, bll- AIISI l inAIVi lll P a n TO CURE: Five yeara as»
I ' I H ii L Iou«ness, bad breath, bad blood, Tvind I'liliUnRSSLLSa t h £ flr>t box ° f *v AS : t l f'
IiBIbBB °" t!le stomach, bloated bowels, foul Ililflllilltl 8 l^rSa ETS wo» «««•*• >£%r It I.
UUIIIb mouth, headache, Indigestion, pimple*, .UUnilflll I EaLaU "*r «r«5U£ "h££ £«x
; . pains after eatbasr, liver trouble, call ow complexion .imllar medicine la the world. T*i« l> abiointeproof.r
and dizziness. .When your bowels don't movo re;;a- . great merit, and our best testimonial. We bare faith and
- 'larly you are getting sick. Constipation kills more will «ell OA8CAKETS absolutely guaranteed to care or
people tban all o tlier diseases together. It Is a 5» OI1 « i y re*u»«lecJ. Go bay today, two SOe boxt.. = ! j* then a
starter Tor the chronic ailment, and Ions yean of P V?IvV, pe V!riSl2^i? > iSfo^?i^™f™aSo2
* • ...nv»inn> # i.,,* **v*»»«k <.r*«M«r a *.ia - it « v»«ttA«i> v«~i* n # no* ¦atlsfl^cl. after qiiq^ one i»Oc nox» return the named «*uc
suffering that come afterwards. , No matter what box and th ; mpty u. by mail, or tbe dmsgut from
alls 700, Start taking: CASCABETS to-day, for 700 whom you purchased it, and getyoor money back for both
will never get. well and bo well all tho time until boxes. Take onrad-rlce-no matter what alls yoa— start to-
'¦¦' yon put your bowels rlsht. - Take onr advice; start < - day. Xlemith will qaictiy follow aid too will bios the day
with CASCABETS to-day, under an absolute soar-., : '- i I??^/^5t^ I %*5t% r^/ n 3A ?^lhM^SuSKo M^
antee to cure or money refunded. 452 .. Address? • bTEBLI>G BEMEDI €O., >EW TOKk, or CHlUkUO.THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, APRIL 19, 1901.
10
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — F^ M J^J k1^
R—T^IN^tTmlddle-aged lady wishes position as
housekeeper; city or country. Call 6S-16 E1H3
st., room 57, between 1 and 4 p. m. -
COMPETENT woman wishes work by the day.
washing, cleaning or any kind of work, a
Jessie st. . * ¦ '. •
MIDDLE-AGED woman wishes light house-
i work or taking- care of an old lady. Apply
2 Hampton court, off Harrison st., bet. 2d&3d.
COMPETENT girl wishes situation as house;
parlor maid and waitress. 1022 Larkln st. ;
phone Larkin 186_ ; ¦ • . ¦
•RESPECTABLE woman wishes situation to do
! light housework and - assist with children.
Address 1103 Powell st. -. ./ ¦- » .
A. WELL renned girl of good references would
like a position as cashier In restaurant:
would like work also in icecream parlor.
,-• Box .3868, Call. ' :
SITUATION wanted by Nova Scotia Scotch
women In private family; good cook. Call
*1231 Market at. ¦ . ¦ ¦
"VVANTEDr-Situation as cashier and bookkeeper
In commercial establishment by a young lady;
have had exeperlence and can give ; refer-
/ ences. 149 Russ St. ¦ . • ¦
WANTEI>-A position by a young lady to as-
sist in offlce work, clerk in book or music
store; small salary to begin with. Address
box 3791. Call office. ' - ' - ¦ '¦ ;
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third st, near Mar-
ket— 200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 per night; $1 50 to
$6 week; convenient ana respectable; free 'bus
and baggagd to and from ferry. .
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call, branch office. 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions /has been established j at 1096
Valencia st. '
E3IPLOYMENT WANTED— MALE.
WANTED— By , middle-aged single man, posl-
- tlon as coachman or '¦ gardener; city or coun-
try; can milk and do general work around
private place; references from last employer.
Address P. L., box 3835, Call office.
MAN and wife want positions; man under-
- stands farming and Incubator and chickens;
j wife a good cook and housekeeper. Box 3806,
Call offlce. ¦ :
ELDERLY man, neat, wants, light employ-
ment; can fill any position; wages no object;
steady and reliable; geed references for hon-
¦ esty. Box 28S2, Call office. ¦
YOUNG man wants position in grocery and
bar; had one year's experience in bar work;
can speak German and English. Box 3836,
Call offlce. ¦ , '
WANTED— A position as good barkeeper by
respectable middle-aged man, German; sober
and reliable. Address 331 Kearny st, room
34; phone Red 5333. : . .'
SITUATION wanted by young man at window
and house cleaning by the day. HENRY AN-
' DERSEN, 620 Van Ness ave. .- . .
A COMPETENT young man wishes position in
. grocery store; experience and reference. Ad- i
; dress FRED RODRIGUEZ. 412 O'Farrell st.
YOUNG man wishes 2 or 3 hours' work dally.
Address J. W., box 3706, Call office.
MAN and wife -vish positions on pYlvate place
or take charge of small ranch. 312^6 Eighth.
RELIABLE miUBle-aged man, 20 years' ex-
perience in care .of. horses, garden, etc.,
wishes situation on private place. Address
ERNST BOEGEL, 812 Twentieth J St.. Oak-
. land, Cal. - ¦
YOUNG man about 26 would like position In
wholesale or commission house ;• Is . not
afraid of work; good references. Address
box 3858, Call- offlce. ' '¦ .
FIRST-CLASS confectioner and baker wishes
situation in country. Box 3859, Call offlce.
COACHMAN wishes situation in family; good
- driver; can milk; good all around man; refer-
• ences. E. _, New Western Hotel, San Fran-
cisco, Cal. -..- , ' .' ' - ' •' ;
MIDDLE-AGED man wants work; strong, will-
ing; used to horses, gardening; useful In gen-
eral; wages no object; references. Box 2219,
Call of flee. ¦ Oakland. • " ¦ . ¦ ¦
SITUATION wanted by middle-aged barkeeper
- In country hotel; references. Address D.
LOVETT. 16 Fifth st. ' .
JAPANESE first cook .wants place to do
work; hotel In city; wages $35 up. Address!
418 Post st. . ¦ " '
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions., has been established at 1096
Valencia st.'^ ' . . . -
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore st.
EXCHANGE.
FOR sale or- exchange — Good country hotel,
orchard, etc Owner,, box 3807. Call. -•
. ' FINANCIAL..
FOR INVESTORS ! ! ! ~ ~ "~™
I -OFFER FOR SALE
;. Unimproved '¦ and • income city property; gilt-
edge bonds and stocks of electric, gas. - rall-
; road • and industrial corporations; " money to
loan: . investments made; bank references;
-correspondence solicited. » ?
T. OTWAY SADLEIR,
.." : Room40, 310»Plne st,; ,
f ;••-.-¦¦.: - San Francisco.
FLATS. TO > LET— Furnished.
A NICELY furnished modern flat of 4 rooms,*
/complete: reasonable. ¦. 513 ¦¦ Eddy st.
,$42 50— SUNNY furnished • flat," " 6 rooms, bath;
.plane; Golden Gate ave. \\ Box 3S70, Call offlce.
654 '¦ CHtrRCH st— Furnished * corner flat ; of i i
rooms; near Eighteenth st. -V % '/;;_; : -'!
FLATS jTO ;; LET. .
UPPER flat of 7- large sunny rooms; nicely
furnished ; would sell furniture cheap. 1313
Leavenworth st. .;-.- - ¦ . - '. . V.; ,
A— SUNNY lower, flat, 4 rooms and basement,
$10. : 110 Perry st, near Third.
FLAT to let; carpets and Magee range for
sale. 1S06 Gear- st. • ¦• ¦
FLAT of 4 rooms and bath.' 5 Birch ave.
NEAR City Hall;; fine sunny top flat, 6 rooms
and bath. - 12 Grove, st • ¦
TO let— Elegant new large flats. Washington
st. between Scott and Devlsadero. '.-.. .-.'¦-
3 NEW elegant flats on Church St.. near Mia-
slon High, School. .. . . .. .
$18—3 rooms.' on first floor; large basement
underneath and yard. 812 Ellis st. nr. Polk.
; FURNITURE FOR SALE. />«-".:
FURNITURE of a 4-room flat ~a_~b_th*for
sale; rent of -flat only $10 per month. 614
Laguna st. near Hayes. • .
4 ROOMS furnished In cak, $4S 60, with No. 7
range. King 'Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
ASSORTMENTS cf~ furniture .carpets and
stoves; give us a trial. 1114 Mission st.
'.I.''.-!. FURyiTIJ ~~ WANTED.
TO receive highest value for furniture, carpets,
etc.. see W.E.Cody. 757 Mission; tel. Red 3353.
AUCTIONEER John Elder. 22 Keaxny." buys £
- sells your bus., merchandlse.fur., carpets.,- etc.
IF you want to sell f urn., mdae., etc., see J. A.
Munro & Co., 240 Stockton St.; tel. James 1341.
A. WOLLPERT, 773 Mission " sf, pays highest
price for second-hand furniture: tel. Red 1354.
Auctioneer— L. Vincent, 1305 Larkln ; tel. Polk 634;
furniture & furn'd houses bought; spot cash.
CHAS. LEVY buy* ;xur furniture, carpets,
pianos, etc. 1135 Market ft.: tel. Jessie 7S1. .
HELP AV ANTED— FEMALE.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S. ..Phone Grant 185
HOTEL DEPARTMENT .........
Chambermaid, country hotel, fare paid. ..$20
15 waitresses, city and country $25-$2O
Cleaner, institution :..'.,. *20
.... ....FAMILY DEPARTMENT
Cook, . country, see party here $30
House girls and secord girls, country.. $25-$20
' Cooks, house girls, second girls, city and
country ......*.... '.
C. R. HANSEN & CO..; 104 Geary st
; 10 EXTRA' waitresses, $150 a day and free
; " fate both ways.:
•C. R. i HANSEN & CO 104 Geary st.
MRS. M. E. DAY & CO..... Phone Main 1575
HOTEL ¦ DEPARTMENT
Waitress, Sacramento, $25;" 2 waitresses, same
hotel, $20; 10 waitresses, city and country,
$20 and $25; 4 chambermaids to wait, $20;
. chambermaid. $20, firct-class resort
FAMILY DEPARTMENT
Woman cook, country, $25, see party; second
girl, city, $20;/ nurse and seamstress, $20;
many choice places for city at highest wages.
¦MRS.VM. E. DAY & CO., 335 Geary st.
15 EXTRA waitresses, country, $1 50; free fare
bothways. MRS. M. E. DAY & CO., 335
•Geary st. , " ' .
WANTED — 2 German girls for second work,
$23; 6 second girls for city and country, $20
and $26; ironer. $160 a day; nurse, $20; 8
cooks, T>laln wash, German style, $25 and $35:
. 8 waitresses for city and country hotels, $20
and $25; Protestant cook, 2 In family, plain
wash, $30; 41 girls for housework in city and
country, $20 to $30. Apply to J. F. CROSETT
& CO., 316 Sutter st.
A— HOTEL GAZETTE. 26 Montgomery, rm. 12.
Waitresses and chambermaid's, country. $20.
FIRST-CLASS sewers on plain and corded un-
derskirts, : etc., to take work home. H.
.FRIEDLANDER. 338 Fell st. . ¦
WANTED — A young German girl for- general
-housework; aged 20. 2298 San Jose ave., near
new carhouse.
WANTED — A- few experienced operators and. a
limited number for instruction. Standard
Shirt Factory, Gough and Grove sts.
WANTED— A German or Swedish girl for
housework; small family: wage& $15. 523 Mc-
Allister st. * -
WANTED — A young German girl for general
housework; age 20. 298 San Jose ave., • near
new carhouse. ,
A— SEWERS to takefwork home. 723 Market
st. , room 35. • •
NOON waitress. 513 Brannan st., near Fourth.
A GIRL. for general housework and cooking;
small family; wages J20. . 1810 Laguna st.
WANTED— An experienced apprentice on cus-
tom pants. 103 Fifth st.
EXPERIENCED girl* to work on folding
1 boxes. 522 Market st., third floor. ~j \
WANTED— 1500 young women or girls for
, opera.' Address 3200 Mission st. . !
WANTED— A girl to wait at table; no'experi-
' ence needed. 2-15 Fifth st. r
GIRL to do light housework in small family:
wages *$!2. 1173 Bush st. .
WANTED — Girls to sew shirts; good class of
work; good pay; steady employment guaran-
teed; a few beginners taught. Apply . THE
L. ELKUS CO., 29 and 31 Battery st. ¦
WANTED— First-class trimmer In millinery
department. ¦ Apply at HALE . BROS., 979
Market st., before 11 11. rn.
WANTED— First-class finisher on custom coats.
JACOBS, 127 Russ al; ; : . ,
WANTED — First-class dressmaker; must un-
derstand cutting and fitting. Millinery store,
2332 Fillmore St.
1 EXPERIENCED sewer on underskirts; steam
power; good pay. A. AARON. 579 Mission st.
MORE young girls to learn cigar making, $3
a week while learning. 621 Montgomery st.
POSITION of trust for upright, honest woman
¦ between 25 and 35; small bond required. Re-
liable, box 3838, Call office.
HAIRDRESSING taught in 4 weeks; positions
secured when finished;- eve' g. classes; terms
reasonable. Halrdresslng College, 574 Geary.
MILLINERY taught In 3 months; positions se-
reasonable. Millinery "College, 574 Geary st.
PA^TS finisher wanted at 233^ Stevenson St.,
between Third and Fourth.
WANTED — Good finishers on coats. 13514 Na-
toma St., near New Montgomery.
COLORED girl wanted for general housework.
Call at 1019 Post st.
WANTED — Girl .to attend office . and assist in
laundry: wages $4. 114 Hayes st.
STEADY finishers and girl to learn on coats.
354 Geary st. .
WANTED — Experienced shirt or I waist opera-
tors. EAGLESON & CO.. 535 Market st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 FUlmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st. ¦ .
HELP WANTED— MALE.
AT C. R.' HANSEN _* CO.'S, Phone Grant 183
RAILROAD WORK...
20 tunnelmen see boss here $2 to $2 50
20: laborers R, R. work ...$2 00
10 teamsters .'... *. Ukiah ...$2 00
Free - Fare Free Fare
j . . ¦ • — . ¦. . .¦ ;
' 2 cement finishers, country, $,4 a day and
board, see boss here; 10 milkers, $30; 6 farm-
ers, $25 and $26; man about place, $25; black-
" smiths and helpers, $50 and $25.
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Head waiter and 4 waiters for springs, see
boss here, fares advanced ; ¦ roast cook and
broiler, country hotel, $75; fry cook, hotel,
$65; second cooks, broilers ' and fry cooks,
city, $55. $60, and $65; third cook," springs, $3C;
pantryman, springs. $22 50; 10 dishwashers,
pot washers and kitchen hands, city and
"'country, $25 "and $30; bell and elevator boys,
• $10 and $20.
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. ....... ....104. Geary st.
A— MURRAY & READT 'Phone Main 5848.
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
........./.WANT— 7 A. M. TO-DAY.............
Millwrights - Painters — Harnessmaker
carriage painter painter Institution
50 laborers. ; mines, sawmills and woods; no
experience ....;... $26 and $30
.' 6 boys for_ paint, machine and other shops,'
city; jquarryman and sharpen drills; stable-
man, country...... Farmer and wife; man and
wife, . small resort, suburban...
.25 farm hands, work 'In hay fields, run mow-
ing machines, etc :..:.... ........$2« and $30
• Stenographer and 'type, writer...'. :; ....
Steward \ for club, see boss here : 2 waiters,
mines-w.see boss here; cook, officers' -mess.
see boss here. HUNDREDS OF POSITIONS
ON - OUR - BULLETIN BOARDS— CALL
DOWN AND SEE.
:¦ MURRAY,'* READY,' 634-636 Clay st.
HEAD laundryman, $40 to $50 and found," see
boss i here; ' farmer and wife. $45: man and
wife, . private family,"- $50; milker and; wife,
$50; 8 milkers, $30 to JS5, farmers, $25 and $30;
choreman, $25; vegetable gardener. $26; wood-
I . choppers, tiemakers and many others. J. . F.
CROSETT & CO.. 628 Sacramento St. - '
WAITER and wife, private . family, $55; /deli-
catessen man; cook, country hotel, $40; porter,
• country hotel, $25; head waiter. $20 and found;
hotel waiters. $25; restaurant waiters, pantry-
men, dishwashers an i others. ¦ J. F. CROS-
'ETT.&,CO:,'.628 Sacramento st ; .' •; ¦
A— HOTEL GAZETTE, 26 Montgomery. R. . 12.
¦.-. Head ¦¦waiter."'- $40; porters, $20 and $30; bar-
man, $35 and found; blacksmith, resort. $30
- and found.".- '-. ¦ ,' .. -. . . ¦_ '. . -.
JOURNEYMEN Barbers' International Union—
Free employment; only recognized union.; 1 115
- \ Turk ; tel. Folsom. 1583. - I. LESS, Secretary. ;
HELP W^TEP---IAL_^-Cp~» ._,
A— WANTED ....... ..•.•."••••••••••••••l"VAlVrt
Carriage painter :.. ...... .$45 and board
Vineyard- hand. ......•• v »-g
Farm hand • JTX
2 milkers,', near city.......:.... ." «JJ
Road teamster, city • rjX
Four horse teamster, country.. ••••• **J
2 laborers for mine.. ...$34 50 and board
Butter maker and milk ...v. •¦••¦ *r{
3 single hand miners........ — . «2 **<* J*»™
- 3 quarrymen for mine $42 and board
Third hand on bread $40 and found
W. D. EWER _ CO.. 610 Clay.
AT CAL. EMP. AGENCY. 39 3d; phone Red 31.
2 milkers at $30 per month. •
1 potwasher, hotel, country. $25 per month.
Dishwasher, country. $20 per month.
3 waiters, city. $25 and room.
Edgerman. country, $3 50 per day.
. 10 men for mills and woods.
4 men to make posts. $3 per hundred.
WANTED for U. S. Army— Able-bodied un-
married men between ages or 21 and i>; citi-
zens of United Slates, of good character and
temperate- habits, who can speak, read ana
write English. Recruits specially desired for
service In. Philippines. For Information apply
to Recruiting Officer, 1?1 New Montgomery
st." San Francisco, Cal. « '
A WHOLESALE house wants an office boy
about 16 years old; well educated and quicK
at figures. Apply, with references, box 3S34,
Call office.
WANTED— At once, man of 30 to 33 to act as
agant with travelirg doctor; no former ex-
psrience required; good salary; none but
steady, sober, and reliable need apply. Call
to-day at 1000 Valencia. -
APPRENTICE wanted— A young man who has
•had 1 year's experience In composing-room of
printing offlce; good wages and steady posi-
tion. Address, with references, JOS. M.
ANDERSON. 416 J St. Sacramento. Cal.
WANTED— Middle-aged single man to assist in
grocery and saloon: also *o take care of horse
and wagon. Apply MR. STOESSER. 131 Beale
St., near Howard.
CASHIER for restaurant in the best location,
with fine growing business and cheap rent;
must invest $500: will pay $73 month sure and
Increase. LUNDIN & CO.. 906 Market st.
W ANTED— Man who can' run a lever electric
elevator. Apply , HALE BROS. (Inc->. 979
Market st. -
GOOD pants and vest maker for-Arlzona. fare
advanced; $3.50 for pants; steady work. J.
BAUMGARTEN _ CO.. 7 Montgomery st
WANTED— Blacksmith; must be handy on
woodwork; light work. San Bruno Road.
Baden.
WANTED— Manager with capital to handle ex-
hibit at Buffalo: the best of Its kind in
America. Box 2883, Call office.
WANTED— Steady man; permanent place; light
work; will pay $63 per month to start; must
have $2C0. READ & CO., 1007% Market st.
MAN to run Universal printing press. Ad-
dress by letter.Printer, 1635 Todd St., Berkeley
WANTED— A waiter that is used to short or-
der work; call at 1005 Valencia st.
ABOUT TEN more agents wanted at 347 Third.
WANTED— Bright, intelligent offlce boy. Box
3862, Call offlce.
BOY 16, who -has worked In merchant tailor
store. M. WEINER, 222 Kearny st.
TAILOR— ROOS BROS., 25-37 Kearny st-
WANTED— 5 boys; carriage painting. N B.
. GRAVE, 421 Pacific st. . -
GOOD barber for Saturday and Sunday; steady.
623 Clay st. ¦ - .- .'¦
WANTED— A good oyster cook; wages $30. 135
Powell St. • .'?•..¦
STEADY man with $200 cash can make $S0
month. Apply 209 Kcarny St., room 1. .
WANTED— A boy with experience in painting.
1144 Folsom st.
FIRST-CLASS steady waiter for a French
waiter. Call after 8 a. m. at 25 Taylor st. -
BARBER shop for sale cheap; $25. 217 Fourth.
FOR SALE— Barber shop; established 35 years;
"cause, sickness. 503 Howard st.
FIRST-CLASS preeser on pants. BELASCO-
HARRIS CO.. S41 Market st. /
COATMAKERS. pants and " vestmakers for
¦ country. Apply REISS BROS.. 24 Sutter st.
WANTED— A bright boy for offlce work. Box
3361. Call. ' '.
BARBERS — A meeting of the proprietors of
: barber shops - charging 10c for a shave will
be held on SUNDAY, the 21st Inst, In Ma-
sonic Room, B. B. Hall, 121 Eddy st,
2 o'clock.* Business of importance. By order
¦ of many proprietors. .
"WANTED — Recruits for the marine corps, ¦ U.
S. navy; able-bodied unmarried men of good
character, between the ages of 21 and 35;
not less than 5 feet 4 Inches and not over 8
feet 1 Inch; able to read and speak English.
For further information apply at the Recruit-
Ing Otfice. 40 Ellis St.. San Francisco.
MEN— Our catalogue explains how we teach
the trade In two months, saving two years;
mailed free. We have 'no 5c shop In connec-
tion with our. college: chairs and furniture
are all made to our own order, with a view
to cleanliness and convenience.
MOLER'S BARBER COLLEGE, 635 Clay st.
Beware of any cheap Imitations.'
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin, Reno House proprietor; still
¦ runs Denver House, 217 Third st; 130 large
rooms: 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
W ANTED— Cash boys, 14 years of age and
over. Apply at HALE BROS.. 979-937 Market
st, before 11 a. m. • ; - - v
WANTED— Youngr man for Janitor work: state
age, experience and salary expected. Apply
box 2879. Call office.
WANTED — Flr3t-class window dresser, and a
dress goods salesman; state, age, experience
and salary expected. Apply box 2891, Call.
WANTED — First-class cook - for hotel: refer-
ences required. C. E. EMERSON. Susan-
vllle, Cal. .
RELIABLE and capable married man to work
on ranch. Apply 222 Dolores st; between 8
and 7 p. . m.
BARBERS — Good shop: 4 revolving chairs; $225;
. a snao. DECKELMAN'S, 106 EU1* st.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. S62 Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
WANTED— 100 men to take rooms. 10c. 15c and
20c. Boston House. 980 Howard st '/
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 23c
to 50c. 562 Mission st, bet. 1st and 2d Bts.
"WANTED — 500 men to buy new and 2nd-hand
army shoes, $1 up; soling 20c up. 923 Howard.
McDONAKD & PERRY have £00 pairs second-
hand shoes for sale. 5Cc up. 241 Third st.
AT cash prices for $1 per week, men's suits to
order. NEUHAUS & CO., 115 Kearny st.
YOUNG man to do janitor work for hts tuition,
S. F. Barber School, 741 A Howard st.
; SAILORS, blacksmiths, seamen & green hands;
all parts of world. HERMAN'S, 26 Steuart st.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St., near Mar-
ket— 700 rooms, 23c night; reading-rooms; free
'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office,2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1056
. Valencia st. '
HORSES ANP AyAGONS.
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market.
327 Sixth St.; auction sales every "Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
FOR sale— A fine black mare In good condi-
tion; 4 years old: weight about 900 pound3;
can be seen at 3293 Mission st.
FOR Sale— At Eclipse Stable. 1375 Eddy st,
span of brown mares, 15% hands, gentle;
. beautiful black horae, \st. 1250, gehtle for fam.
S. F. VETERINARY College will commence its
3d session June 10. Catalogue by applying to
M. L. Pancoast. sec. 510 Golden Gate ave.
$120— A FAMILY bay mare, buggy and har-
, ness: nearly new. 130 Second ave.. Richmond.
FOR sale — Gentle horse, harness and surrey ,
426 Ninth st .
YOUNG light span of mares and camping
wagon. 1202 Mission st, room 2.
A — 100 SETS second-band harness; wagons,
carts, buggies, surreys,, horses. • 1140 Folsom.
SECOND-HAND hack In good condition for
. sale cheap. 321 Eighth st. Oakland.
5 SECOND-HAND sprinkling wagons In good
order for sale.- 377 Shotwell st "
ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, harness,
-.etc.. cheap. EGAN & SON. 2117 Mission st
GOOD business horses, wagon horses. - heavy,
light, fast pacers and trotters. 721 Howard.
AN ; a No. 1 express wagon, single, also light
camping wagon, for sale cheap. 532 Mission.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
16 pages. In wrapper for — oMlng. $1 ner year.
..'•-¦ ¦ HOUSES TO LET.
A— PRINTED LIST Houses to let; send for cir-
. cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
HOUSE to rent— 104 Guerrero st, near. Thlr-
" teenth: 10 rooms, besides bath. -laundry and
servants" room: high ground; sanitary plumb-
ing; garden; 1 .block "from '3 lines of cars;
, rent : very reasonable. :'..-,
ARLINGTON. 333. near 34th— Cottage.' 2 rooms;
.•: yard, chicken house: $6 50. .-.
HOUSES TO LET— FTRJflSHED.
LOW rent to reliable party: a choice «unny
corner of 8 rooms and bath; fine piano; 3
months or longer. 601 Buchanan at.
DESIRABLE sunny corner flat 3 rooms and
bath; Oakland; $18. Apply at 14 Grant ave..
• room 2. _____——_¦____—-.
COUNTRY HOUSES TO LET.
TO let In 'Santa Barbara— Furnished house;
bouse and furniture new; fine location: two
blocks -from Arlington Hotel and one block
from trolley line: ten minutes' ride from
beach; house contains -four • bedrooms, serv-
ant's room, etc.; gas and electric lights; th»
most complete and best furnished house In
Santa Barbara. For particulars address
FRANK M. WHITNEY. Santa Barbara. Cal.
HOTELS TO RENT.
FOR rent, cheap — Hotel of 32 rooms; near city.
Apply at Cozy Restaurant. 1003 Valencia st
LOST AND FOUND.
LOST — Pocketbook: name Inside cover. Alfred
Voligny: two army discharges, C Troop,
Seventh Cavalry, and Battery E. Third Ar-
tillery; receipts from Odd Fellows* Alt*
Lodge No. 205; Knights of Pythias. Mars
Lodge No. 202. Please return to Odd Fellows'
building, room 4; reward.
LOST— A gold locket with diamond setting and
monogram J. C. L.: between Alcazar build-
ing and Golden Gate ave.. Larkln and Polk;
Wednesday evening. Return to i22 Golden
Gate ave.: liberal reward.
LOST — A discharge and an order for a ticket
from San Francisco to Fort Smith, Oregon
Reward if returned to GARLAND J. SHU-
FORD, Cosmopolitan Hotel.
LOST— A flexible gold bracelet with buckle as
ornament. Liberal reward for return to W
K. VANDERSLICE CO.. 136 Sutter st
LOST— A cocker spaniel on Wednesday after-
. noon. Finder will receive reward by return-
1 ing to 2221 Gough st.
LOST— Last . Sunday night, a Newfoundland
dog. at Camp Taylor; well known about the
paper mills. Finder return the same to
CHARLES THORPE. Camp Taylor. Maria
County; liberal reward.
BOAT lost. In Petaluma Creek, after 10 o'clock
Saturday night; painted dark outside, light
Inside, with anchor In the boat Finder
please notify Golden Eagle Mills, or FAIR-
BANKS, Petaluma, CaL
LOST— A passbook with the Hlbernia Savings
end Loan Society of San Francisco, in the
name *>f Pacific Coast Commercial Travelers'
Association; No. 212- 124a The finder will
please return to bank.
LOST— Certificates o* deposit on the Pacific
Bank an*. People's Savings Bank and mining
stocks. Reward $3 on delivery at -862 Bryant.
FOUND— a! white cockatoo. Apply 53 Carme«
llto st, off Waller.
Wanted— Old gold for manufacturing. O. Nolte.
Jeweler. 248 O'Farrell. bet Powell and Mason.
MATRIMONIAL.
GENTLEMEN wishing to marry wealthy ladles
send 10c for list. MRS. HERTZ. 708 Kills st.
.MATTRESSES ANO UPIIOLSTEnY.
MATTRESSES and upholstery; tel. South 732:
to order or renovated, feather and hair
cleared; expert carpet cleaning: strictly rell-
able. HOPKE BROS.. 318-320 Eleventh rt.
HEDIOAL.
A— RENOWNED specialist: those who desire to
obtain results promptly; I treat ladles only;
my regulator has no equal; all classes of fe-
male complaints relieved by treatment su-
perior to all others; the only treatment that
helps the unfortunate; the most obstlnata
cases are Immediately relieved without pain;
no other treatment will do this: the most dif-
ficult cases treated; scientific methods guar-
anteed. DR. G. W. O'DONNELL. 1013 Markt
DR. AND MRS. DA VIES. 1228 Market, ladles*
specialists; 3? years' practice: all cases treat-
ed by our wonderful herb remedy; a reliable
treatment, superior to any other; positive cure
guaranteed at offlce; patients treated can re-
turn same day; those wishing to treat them-
selves should send for the Hindoo Herb Home
Treatment; harmless; consultation free.
DR. and MRS. GOODWIN. 1035 Market St.. nr»
6th— Expert specialists; well known and reli-
able; 25 yrs. experience; treatment guaranteed
to give Instant relief from all female troubles:
avoid Incompetent specialists: consult free.
MRS. DR. WYETH. reliable specialist; 25 yrs.'
successful practice; guaranteed treatment at
office; any ailment; home before and during
confinement 943 Post, bet Hyde and Larkln.
MRS. DR. ALLEN. -1113 Market— Reliable la-
dies' specialist; best medical care; low fees.
ALL cases of female complaints cured; expert
for 37 years. -Dr. V. Popper. 333 Kearny st.
MRS. T)R-.KOHL. 112? Market St.. bet. Mason
and Taylor— Reliable ladles' specialist.
MISCELLANEOUS — FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engine* ?d-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH & ¦yvOLFMAN. 195-197 Fremont st.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, counters,
linoleum, new and second hand: we always '
have a large stock of saloon outfits on hand: *
32 complete outfits o:» one floor, ready made;
we can ship everything In 24 hours. J.
NOON AN. 1017, 1019, 1G21. 1023 Mission it.
above Sixth; write for catalogue.
A — BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipes, shafting, pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW. 213 Spear St.
BUY one-^f those diamond collar buttons:
price $6 and $9; worth double the money.
UNCLE HARRIS, 15 Grant ave.
FOR sale— Fine stock of chickens, all kinds
and sizes, from 10c up. Derby st, west of
Magee ave. Lorln. Berkeley.
FINE suits. $10; dress pants. $2 75* MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery at.
A— $3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats, $1 7». Popu-
lar Price Hatters. S30 Kearny st. near Pine.
BASEBALL calendar, containing pictures of
Bill Lange and Geortje Vin Haltren; 30c post-
paid. S. R. CHURCH. 307 Sansoroe St.. S. F.
TYPEWRITERS at any price to close them
out: different makes: call early for bargains.
TYPEWRITER EXCHANGE. 409 California.
RUNTS, white homers, fliers and squab breed-
ers; prices reasonable. 2041 Linden, Oakland.
FIRST-CLASS. second-hand modern engines and
boilers bought and sold. KROGH MFG. CO.
GAS. steam, oil and mining machinery bought
and sold. Livingston. 558 Mission St.. nr. 2d.
CANARY birds; choice stock: male and fe-
male. 1377 Minna, rear l.'th: upper flat
2C0 LIGHT marine set. directly connected: good
shape: cheap. H. S. WHITE. 518 Mission st.
ENGINES and boilers; second-hand machinery.
J. BURKE. 133 Beale st
Gasoline or distillate engines, new & 2d-hanrt;
all sizes; guaranteed. NEWELL. 56 Bluxome.
PHOTOGRAPHIC and maslc lantern goods
bought, sold, exchanged. 109 Montgomery st.
SAFES — New and second hand. THE HER-
MAN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento »t.
MAGIC lanterns, new a::d 2d-han4 moving pic-
tures. BULLARD & BRECK. 131 Post it
SAFES — New and second hand: all sizes. THE
WALTZ SAFE. 109-lli Market St.. San Fran.
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
SECOND-HAND windmill complete; capacity
tank about 3000 gallons: state particulais.
price. I etc. Address Station Agent, ' Corte
Madera. . -
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 154 Ninth: tel. Folsom 2522.
MONEY TO' LOAN.
A— MONEY to loan at rates which peopIeTcan
afford to pay on furniture, pianos, etc.: do
not borrow of your friends or you will losa
their friendship; do business with strangers
and you will be better satisfied: no delay; no
publicity. Rooms 9 and 10, 906 Market st.
_______________ _______
. : _. IS MORTGAGED
and you need more money, see B. MURPHY.
630 Market st. Leans on estates In probate,
undivided interests in estates, second mort-
¦ gages, etc.
ANY proposition.- any amount: 8 per cent: first,
second mortgages, estates in probate, interest
in estates, legacies; corporation loans, chattel
mortgages and securities. Room IS, 1st floor.
Chronicle building. HALLORAN _ OLSEN.
ANY- amount at 6%; first. 2d and 3d mort-
gages. . undivided interest, real estate In pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought; no de-
lay; get my terms before doing business else-
where. R. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery, r. a.
$300,000 AT 6 £er cent in sums to suit in city:
JliO.ooo on large ranches at fair rates: second
t mortgages. R. J. MERCER & SON. 412 Pine.
LOWEST rates on furniture, etc.. by private
party; no removal; no commission; conflden-
tlal. Room 3. Conservatory bldg.. 301 Jones.
ON furniture, pianos; no- removal; money
quick; lowest Interest: easy terms; no broker-
age; reliable party. 1170 Market at. room «8.
HOST ¦ reliable place to borrow on diamonds,
watches. Jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL, 10 Sixth;
highest price for old gofd.- silver, diamonds.
Z% on.furnlture and pianos; $15 up; no removal;
no commission: private. Room 81. < Eddy st.
CASH loaned'on salaries; New York plan. THE
TOUSLEY CO.; 321 Parrott building.
LOANS. l»t or2d mtgs: city, country. 8%. undl-
vlded lnts.; estate- HARPER. 337 Parrott big.
M S N t^ T loaQed »->-ried people without security.
HILL, rm. 44, Merchants' Ex.. 431 California.
LOAXS on salaries without lndorser or secur-
ity; i.as tern plan. Pearson, 309 Phelan bids.
DENTISTS.
AT the _L_CTRO~-I)ENTAL CLINIC, 809 Ma£
ket st., cor. 4th, rm. 7, Flood bldg., you can
have your extractions done painlessly: teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns,
$3 50 up; plates, extractions free, $4 50 up; of-
fice hours, 9 a. m. to 10 p. m. ; Sundays,9 to 2
p. m. J. W. THATCHER, M. P., Manager.
EIGHT prizes for "best crowns, plates, bridges
and fillings; extractions or fillings by my
wonderful secret, painless method; 20 years'
experience; no students; advice free; prices
cheapest and guaranteed; lady attendants.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, 20 O'Farrell St.
A— NEW unbreakable plate, the Rose Pearl,
warranted for 20 years; crowns, $3 50; fillings,
50c; plates, $5; full set; all work painless and
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth.
DR. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 Market, nr. Eleventh
—No charge for extracting when plates are
made; old plates made over like -new; teeth
from $8 per, set; extracting. 50c; gas given.
EXPERT dentist in order to build up a prac-
tice will fill teeth, make plates, gold crowns
and bridge work at bedrock prices; payments.
Office 1141 Polk St.. cor. Sutter; open Sundays.
CURRY. : "Dentist" ; all work guaranteed. 214
St.; phone Mint 276. -
MEYER, 6 Turk— Painless extraction; vitalized
air;crowns;brldgework. Open Sundays to 12 m.
PARIS Dental Parlors,' 235 Kearny. cor. Bush—
Full set of teeth, $4 ; crowns, $3; fillings. 25c.
DR. R. L. WALSH.815% Geary, nr.Larkin— Pain-
less extraction 50c;plates $5 up;phone Polkll35.
DR H G TRUEMAN, dentist, third floor. Ex-
aminer building; formerly In Murphy bldg.
LOWEST prices in S. F. Painless extraction,
50c. N. Y. Dentists, 969 Mission St.. cor. 6th.
VAN VROOM— "Painless" ; evenings and Sun-
days. 1001 Market St., corner Sixth.
SET of teeth without plates. DR. H. G.
YOUNG, 1341 Polk stj . •
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School-
Class rates; patterns cut. 1019 Market st.
ACCORDEON pleating; country orders prompt
attention. 121 Post, over O'Connor & Moftatt.
SKIRT iflaker wishes engagements by the day.
Box. 40, 14 McAllister st ¦
EDUCATIOyAL.. .
GA_L/AGH_R^MARSH College, 1 Parrott bldg.—
Shorthand, typing and bookkeeping; Robert
F. Gallagher, expert court reporter, teacher of
• shorthand: reportorlal phrasing taught; prac^-
i tical bookkeeping, full course, $50; catalogue.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 Post st,
S. F.— Bookkeeping, shorthand, typing, - lan-
guages, telegraphy, English branches, civil,
electrical and mining engineering,; etc.; day
_ nrght sessions; new 80-page catalogue free.
AYRES' Business College, 723 Market st— Day
& eve. ; bookkeeping, shorthand, typing, teleg-
raphy, etc.; life scholarship, $50; Individual
instruction; positions secured; catalogue free.
A — THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school for the . university, law . and medical
colleges; references, -President Jordan or any
Stanford professor.. Phelan building.
CALIFORNIA* BUSINESS COLLEGE has posi-
tlons guaranteed to it by written contract and
can therefore with confidence guarantee posi-
tions to all Its graduates. 305 Larkin st.
ENGINEERING — Civil, elec, mining, mech., sur-
vey, assay, cyanide; day, eve.; est. 1864. Van
i der Naillen School, U3 Fulton, . nr. City Hall.
A FULL course of Ellis bookkeeping , and the
Gregg shorthand costs only $60. San Fran-
cisco Business College, 1236 Market st. *
A SPECIALTY — Perfecting beginners; business
college graduates; bookkeeping: figures; short
time. TARR, exp. acct, 220 Parrott , bldg.
MERRILL-MILLER College, shorthand and
typing, removed to new quarters, rms. 40-45,
Parrott bldg. ; Individ, instruction; catalogue.
PROF. MERKI, from Paris, "violin, mandolin,
guitar; experienced. 1008 Mission st.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc.: day or eve.; $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
ILLUSTRATION— PARTING TON'S DAY and
ILLUSTRATION— night class. 424 Pine sf .
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES. : ¦'¦•
JAPANESE Employment . Office and House-
cleaning Co., best help; send 'men at ¦ short
notice. 1125 Sutter, nr. Polk; tel. Larkin 2331.
JAPANESE ' and . Chinese help of -all kinds;
cooks, waiters and , house servants. " GEO.
AOKI & CO., 421 Post st; tel. Bush 135.
JAPANESE, ' central hbusecleanlng &¦ employ-
ment; all kinds help. 1046 Sutter; tel. East 203.'
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese employment of-
fice ; all kinds help. 315 Stockton ; Main 5188.'
ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese, Chi-
nese _elp. 426 Powell, nr.Sutter; tel. Black 5072
CHINESE and Japanese employment offlce—
Best help. 411 M O'Farrell st. ; tel. East 426.
EMPLOYMENT WAJiTED—FEMALE.
BAKER or pastry ; cook ' or ' short ' order cook
wishes situation; is an American woman; un-
derstands delicatessen work : and ' best of pas-
try for hotels. . Can be found by leaving word
with J. F. CROSETT _ CO.. 316 Sutter, st.
EXPERIENCED young lady desires position as
chambermaid In country. Address box 3860
. Call offlce. . ;/
YOUNG girl wishes a place . as ; second girl; ¦
wages $20 a months Call 2 o'clock this after-
noon at 1781 Haight St., bet. Shrader and Cole.*
WANTED— Work by. young girl In store or
small restaurant;, no Sunday work. -Address
M. ; C.. 924 Jackson st
faCSIJtEM CHANCES— Continued.
PENSION— Active partner wanted in long-es-
0 tablished business; small capital • required;
n email expense; quick returns; best refs. given
& required. Pension Partner, box 3731, Call.
• QUARTZ mine for sale or lease; 4-stamp mill,
water power; will sell cheap or lease on
favorable terms. Address room 6. 906 Broad-
way, Oakland.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at CaU branch office. £200 FUlmore rt
3 ' ¦ * — ""^
LODGIXG-HOl'SES FOR SALE.
SELECT A HOUSE FROM ALL
THE BARGAINS IN THE CITY
16 rooms; corner; fine for transient $1000
10 rooms; on Eddy st., near Market 500
= 14 rooms; on Third st. near Market 550
14 rooms; on Mission st. 550
40 rooms; rent $60; clears $150 1000
24 rooms: north of Market; clears $200.... 2000
E 27 rooms; Just finished; very fine 2S0O
20 rooms; on Geary st; clears $135 2400
44 rooms: positively the best; clears $300. 3700
KO-room boarding-house; clears $600 SOO0
8-room fiat; sunny side 700
6-room flat; very good.. *—
500 other houses, 3 to 700 rooms.
ABSTRACTS FREE. PHONE MINT 796. ?
$1CO,000 to loan at 1H per cent
' H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market st. opp. Sth.
A, CAMERON _ CO..
S50 Market st and 8 Stockton st.
Rooms 21, 22 and 23. Phone Bush 328.
1 If you have hotel, rooming-house or busl-
' ness to sell list with us. We have cash cus-
tomers for all sizes and prices.
Buyers, see our list of bargains:
S5 rooms: Sutter; central location; good tran-
sient house; rent $200 ...S3600
49 rooms: Market; Al location; rent $170;
good furniture; sunny $3500
24 rooms; Van Ness; rent $180; boarding-
house; good furniture and carpets..... -$3500
27 rooms; Post; transient; new furniture and
carpets; rent $115 $2600
10 rooms: Mason; rent $70:. partly unfur- :
nished;. sunny; good location; yard $800
i SELECT YOUR HOUSE FROM THE
LARGEST LIST IN TOWN. I
t 10 rooms; Ellis St.; fine house; only $430 ]
t 15 rooms; cheap rent; well furnished 475
S2 rooms; corner house; north of Market.. SOO
. 42 rooms; big money maker; a sacrifice... 2200
76 rooms; splendid location; downtown... 3550
US rooms; clears $450 mo.; worth double.. 2100 i
Hundreds to choose from $100 to $100,000
Also boarding-houses and country hotels.
I See our special bargain list before buying.
WALTER HAYES & CO.. 838 Market st.
BEE OCR LIST OP 200 HOUSES BEFORE
buying. - We have them all sizes and prices;
¦ 60 rooms, close in, elevator, «tc $4500
12 rooms, new, clean; cleary$50 900
14 rooms, sunny corner, good condition.'... 1000
50 rooms, all conveniences, select, central. 8000
11 rooms, only ?200 cash, balance pay~-
¦ merits 500
Vacant houses furnished .....'.
We furnish the money— you pay as you can.
DONALD INVESTMENT CO.. 850 Market St.
18 ROOMS; Mission st; rent $60; price $725.
: 18 rooms; Fifth at: rent $65: price $1000.
12 rooms; Ma«on st; rent $45; price $750.
35 rooms on Howard; rent $80: price $1000.
19 rooms on Grant ave.: rent $75; price $1500.
EUREKA REAL ESTATE. 28 Sixth St.
LODGING-HOUSES, boarding-houses and ho-
tels to suit every buyer; this office Is licensed;
I am established since 18S2; I loan money to
.buyers; general satisfaction guaranteed. Call
G. W. SCHWEINHARD, phone Mint 1911.
Rooms 1, 2. No. S17 Market st. opp. Mason.
FISHER & CO.. 935 Market st, opp. Mason.
4S rooms; north of Market; only $1600
, 16 rooms; Hyde: very finely furnished 600
20 rooms; rent $50; location desirable 900
If a bargain we have them at any price.
j^ j^ j^
M. GRIFFIN. 719 Market, by Call building.
Lodging-houses of all sizes and prices for sale
and exchanged; I will lend you part of the
money and get you a good title. -.-.•-.".
JOSEPH BAILIE, 759 Market: phone Black 4071.
25 rooms; sunny; rent $110; Post st $1800
18 rooms; rent J50; Third st; cheap 850
S8 rooms; Powell st; elegant 2100
Many others to choose from.
24 BUNNY rooms; rent only $70 $1700
17 rooms; all light; transient 1550
' 45 rooms; Post; half can stand 2500
S5 rooms; Howard: well rented 1000
EITEL & CARROLL, moved to 1032 Market.
OLD established boarding-house; 25 elesrant
large rooms; corner; fine grounds, with
Ftable: downtown; must sell; leaving; no
triflers. Box 2998. Call office.
ROOMING house, 8 rooms, kitchen ; -well fur-
nished; rooms rented. Box 3S55, Call office.
14 ROOMS; central; transient: neatly furnished;
rent $40: bargain. Donnelly Co.. 632 Market.
______________
ARRIVED— The celebrated gypsy Prince Les-
ter, whose free tests, calling your name, the
name of the one you love and the name of the
one you will marry; the only medium In the
world so sure of his occult power that he will
give every person who comes prepared a won-
derful free test. Call or write, with stamps
for answers, 1382 Market St., opp. Seventh.
AFTER a severe illness. Mrs. Dr. Farnham. the
world-renowned spiritual medium; advice In
all affairs of life; lawsuits, divorces, deaths;
unites the separated; mining « specialty; cir-
cles Sun., Wed., Frl. eve. ; letters answered.
Resld. (no signs). 513 Eddy. bet. Hyde-'Larkln.
FREE— W. Brockway, nervo-pathist locates
disease without asking questions, looking at
tongue or feeling of pulse, and prospect of
cure; nervouc _nd chronic diseases treated
without medicine. 327 Larkin, cor. G. G. ave.
A-MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance, business
medium, life reader, medical clairvoyant; sit-
tings tl. 1164 O'Farrell. nr. Gough, Ellis car.
DEVELOP your mediumshlp; come to-night;
developing circle, 8 o'clock. ARNOLD DICK-
SON.. 148 Sixth St.
KATIE HEUSSMANN, symbol question circle
to-night. 25c. 124 Rues St.. off Howard.
MRS. DUNHAM. 14 McAllister st. room 33;
circles to-day, 2 and 8 p. m.; sittings daily.
MRS. HARLAND'S circle to-night: also Sunday
evening: best tests; 10c; sittings dally. 148 6th.
SWAN'S spiritual test meeting 'to-night. 513
Jones st.: admission 10c.
C. V. MILLER'S materializing trumpet seance,
8 p. m.; 50c. 10S4 Bush St., near Leavenworth.
MRS. LOUISE S. DREW. Psychic. Electric
and Magnetic Healer. Room 14. 205 Larkln st.
PROF. GEE. readings. L. 50c; G. $1; mall, $1;
dr. Tues., Thurs.. Sat. S p.m.; 10c. 513 Jones.
EARLE. 622 Geary St., telephone Polk 1297 —
Readings dally; seances Tues. and Thurs.
FRIENDSHIP Hall. 335 McAllister— Mrs. C. J.
Meyer: sittings dally: tests to all tn-nlght: 10c:
- CLAIRVOYANTS. ™
MME. M. BERNARD, ™~ ¦:_
THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, permanent-
ly located 17 Third St.. next Examiner bldg.
She reads your life correctly, gives an accur-
ate description of the past, reveals the present
happenings and portrays events to occur In the
future. If you are In trouble, discontented, un-
happy or not satisfied In life, or have domes-
tic, love or business troubles, consult this
great medium and you will be told how to
overcome them. Valuable advice In all affairs
of life; 23c up; perfect satisfaction guaranteed.
MRS. DR. F. CLARK, the well-known trance
medium. Is permanently located at 1206 Mar-
ket St., corner Golden Gate ave., rooms 25
and 26; take elevator. Perfect satisfaction
guaranteed by mail; sand stamp for pam-
phlet with special terms. Daily and Sunday.
MME. ARXDT. the preat clairvoyant, -tells
past and future; never fails; has " the greatest
Egyptian secret; shows picture of future hus-
band or wife; . fees 25c up; satisfaction to
everybody; tips on races. 215% Sixth at
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader, born with double veil — second Fight;
diagnoses disease with life reading; ladles 50c,
gents $1; palm, and clalr. sit $1 50. 126 Turk.
ISMAR, the Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located 1148 Market, op.
6th; private readings daily. 10 a. m. to 5 p. m.
MME. LAROSE, best clairvoyant, card reader,
test medium; 25c up. 472 Stevenson st, cor.6th.
MRS. MELVILLE well-known clairvoyant, water
reader. 11 6th:German spoken ;tel.Howard 1S46.
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant, card reader; la-
dles. 25c; gents. 50c. 132 Sixth st
MME. ZEREDA. the gypsy, is the great palm-
lst and card reader; I5c up. 7 Seventh st.
MME. SCHAFFER, clairvoyant, card reader:
sittings dally. 44S^4 Jessie st.. bet. 5th and 6th.
YOUNG MISS ZEMDAR. clairvoyant: names
given; L. 50c; G. $1. 1203 Market, cor. Eighth.
MME. AUGUST. • clairvoyant, card reader and
palmistry; truth or no pay; 25c. 1149 Mission. -
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
advice: names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth st. •
CARPEfr BEATIXG AXD CLEANING.
WHE^TjjoubecomedlsguTto^^
send to'SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-Beat-
Ing Works. 353-357 Tehama. st. ; ¦ tel. South 40.
SANITARY -cleaning and -dyeing company.
342-344 McAllister st; phone South 146..
CITY Steam Carpet-Beating Works. G. H.
STEVENS, mgr.. 38-40 Sth St. : tel. South 250.
J. E. MITCHELL." Carpet-Beating and fteno-
vatlng Co.. 240 Fourteenth st. ; tel. Mission 74.
ADVANCE! Carpet-Cleanlnsr Co. . 402 Sutter st ;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM. Propriotor.
CARPETS cleaned at the lowest rates. STRAT-
TOX. 3 Eighth st; telephone. Jessie 944 .
CONKLIN'S Carpet-Beating Works. 331 Golden
Gate ave.: telephone East 126. .
CHIUOPODISTS. ' ~~
i CORNS; buniens, ingrown nails, warts, chll-
blalns; painless cure. Dr. Duncan,' 415 Sutter.
j^COLXiECTIOX OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency— No^hargTun^
less successful. Room 310, 927 Market »t. '.
1 . . ' , T--—PHOX _ Wo.
WE8TERN i_OATS cqMPAJ^Y
_3\"F\ Pearson
, 309. BDTtiDING. 806 MARKET STREET
CabH Loans on Sammies
SAN PRANCTSOO/^^H^->^^ 19o/
<*>3La_ t ex^^ /uuLuAfy v
¦ - -" • a J 'y- r /f" : - •
SAX FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of The San Francisco
Ca. . corner of Market anfl-Thirfl streets: open
until 12 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— 527 Montgomery street
corner Clay: open until 9:80 p. m.
SOO Hayes street; open tntD ?:S0 p. m.
tSi McAllister street; open nntll 8:!0 p. m.
C75 Jerkin Etreet; op- until 9:30 p. m.
If 41 MlEElon etreet; open until 10 p. m.
STCl Market street corner -lxteenth: epen
tir.tll » c. m.
1C6 Eleventh street: epen until 9 P. n_
1C96 Valencia street: open until 9 p. — . .
Northwest corner Twent--second and Ken-
tucl—^.streets: open until » p. m.
MEETING NOTICES.
CALIFORNIA Comraaiidtry No. 1. & fcjfc«
T 8 Po-t Ft.— Regular assembly THIS T|B|
(FRIDAY) EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock. |PJ
Order of the Temple. All fraters Off
courteously Invited. By order of the **
Oo*n_T__L n d _• r.
HIRAM T. GRAVES. Recorder.
OCCIDENTAL Lodge No. 22, F. and A. •
M -Special meeting THIS (FRIDAY) j\^
EVENING, 7 o'clock. Third degree. /^^
Master Masons are cordially Invited.
W. G. ANDERSON. Secretary.
REGULAR meeting of the Caledon- v «y >»,
;rn Club THIS EVENING at 8^, CffV^J
o'clock sharp. Open meeting for "tStaWHT
ladies and gents at 8:30. Good pro- "-»_"•
irramme. Scottish Hall, 117 Larkin Et.
A. M. MACPHERSON. Chief.
JAMES H. DUNCAN, Secretary.
SAN FRANCISCO Tent No. 18, K. _^_
O. T. M.— Review THIS (FRIDAY) /2p£?©.
EVENING at 8 o'clock. Pioneer B^"^?^
HaH. 14 Fourth st V2ti&%3
H. H. CASTLE. >S*ggF
LABORERS to hold mass-meeting SATUR-
DAY EVENING. April 20, under the auspices
of the Laborers' Protective Union No. S944,
. A. F. L.; a mass-meeting will be held at
Teutonia Hall, 1320 Howard st; prominent
labor ieaders will address the meeting.
AGENTS WA.VTED.
AGENTS wanted— County rights for best hard-
ware novelty in America. Apply between 8
and 10. W. B. PALMER. New Western Hotel.
HUPICAL aeents to sell our tyrolean harps.
Call at 1523 Market betwei-n 11 and 12.
ADOPTION. ~
GOOD home open for healthy boy and-<lrl
babies. MRS. DR. FUNKE. 1416 Sth. Alameda.
ASl'HALTCSl ROOFING.
J. PELTIER, asphalt roofing, sidewalks re-
paired: postal. 1186 Mission: lei. Folsom 1607.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW. £
ADVICE free: divorce law a specialty; private;
no fee without success; collections. G. W.
HOWE, atty at law, 850 Market cor. Stocktn.
A D VICE free : no charges unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. S2" Market ft., opp. Mason.
L. S. CLARK. Emma Spreckels bldg., 927 Mar-
ket st: consultation free; no fees In advance.
UOARDI.VG KOK CIULDRES.
LADY with nice home would like one or two
children, over 2 years old, to care for. MRS.
A. BURROUGHS. 705 27th st, Oakland.
WANTED— Child or baby to care for; reason-
able. Box 3707. Call o_ce.
WIDOW with a child wishes 2 or 3 children to
board : yard : best of care. 1607 California st
Ul'SI.\_SS CHANCES. ~
I wf_H to sell my business; first-class paying
barroom close to Chronicle building; stock
and flgtures will Invoice about $2500: price
J27M; my agent, R. G. WILKE, 26^4 Kearny
et., will give you particulars as I must leave
at once for Seattle. CHAS. F. T.
X — $?50 — BARBER shop; Market and Mason
sts.; good business. R, G. WILKE, 26V4
Kearr.y et.
A— $1350; RESTAURANT and coffee saloon on
Kearny Et. ; rent $75; clearing $180 per month;
_ally receipts about $60. Call R. G. WILKE.
16-4 Kearny st
A— 12000; HOTEL of 15 rooms, barroom, dining
hall, etc.; rent T75; place established many
years; doing a. steady, good-paying business;
rare chance for party speaking French and
German. R. G. WILKE, 26V4 Kearny st
A— $350; STATIONERY, candy and branch bak-
ery with living rooms; corner; Western Ad-
dition; rent $10; good business: clean store.
Call R. O. WILK.E. 26% Kearny st.
A— 5650; PARTNER wanted In commission
business. Call R. G. WILKE. 26% Krarny.
A— S4000; SALOON on Market St.; place estab-
lished many years and doing a lar.se busi-
ness; net rent $135; sickness in family com-
pels owner to sacrifice; a mint Call R. G.
WILKE, 2614 Kearny st
A— t;COO; PARTNER wanted in old established
flower store, with nursery, hothouse, etc.:
boiler, horses, wajons. plants and trees of
all description; established many year" and
doing a tnor.ey-making business. Particulars
R. G. WILKE. S6^ Kearny st
A— J1300; DELICACY and provision store- 1
block from Market st; daily receipts from
{35 to $40; a first-class, paying business. Call
R. G. WILKE. 26^ Kearny st.
AAA — 100 CIGAR stands. 200 groceries and. bars.
soo candy and ice cream stores, MO restaurants.
fOO f tores of all kinds; partners wanted.
Parties with $100 up can bs suited. If you
want to buy a business call and see us.
WALTER HAYES & CO.. 8SS Market st
FOR private tale; some of the best saloons In
the city. WALTER HAYES & CO., 633 Mrkt
GROCERY and bar on Howard st; rent $50;
4 living rooms and stable; large basement:
_500. JOSEPH BAILIE. TS9 Market Et.
RESTAURANT; clears $150 a month; down-
town; $X0; good location. JOSEPH BAILIE
759 Market st
A— $350; CROCKERY, glassware and stoves,
with fixtures worth $1000; rent $25; fine open-
Ing for a bazaar. Kredo & Co., 32 Flood bldg.
$250 — GROCERY and bar; 4 rooms: rent $14; re-
ccipts $15 a day. Kredo & Co.. 32 Flood bldg.
SPECIAL NOTICE— We have several excep-
tionally desirable candy, notion, bakery and
lunch, grocery and bar and delicatessen
stores; also restaurants, barber shops and
saloons. FISHER & CO.. 935 Market St.
5T.V.— PARTNER wanted In an old established
caFh business; owner well known practical
business man; profits average $80 a month
to each.- Particulars with DONNELLY _
CO.. 62* Market st-
PW-CORKER saloon: business location- full
value for price asked; retiring from business
cause of sale. MCLAUGHLIN & CO 777:4
Market st. --. ; . >
A— $350: RESTAURANT: no better location in
the city: this Is positively worth over 11000
but it must go immediately. Business Board
of Trade. 326 Pine st; phone Davis 326.
10 NEW restaurant bargains! We have the
best bargains in the city. Call LUNDIN &
QQ.. 9QG Market st. _ ¦
LARGE and profitable agency of San Fran-
cisco newspapers in one of the best towns of
the State and handy to San Francisco: 3000
subscribers; business cculd be divided ud
Address box 2SS4. Call office.
RESTAURANT; cheap; good location; good
business; must sell; going to gamoa. 610
St_nyan st
FOR sale — Candy store and ice cream parlor-
pood location. Inquire at 1642 Market st.
$3*0— SALOON; oia-establlshed corner; 2 living
rooms; must sell; other business. 554 Fourth.
WAXTED — A partner in saloon business. 640
Ccmir.ercial st. . ..-.-.
RESTAURANT for sale; good reason for sell-
ing; sell cheap. SSS Broadway, Oakland.
A FIRST-CLASS new and second-hand ladies'
clothing store for sale cheap, as the owner
has other business; the rent Is cheap and lo-
cation first-class. Apply between 12 and 1
o'clock at 1022 Folscm Et '
WANTED— Respectable young lady or man as
partner in candy business. 941 Folsom st.-
J7T— LADY partner for shooting gallery. 532
Ttlegraph ave.. Oakland; hours 11 to 3 daily.
£100— GOOD-PAYING business ;. dairy produce
and delicacy store: rent J12; call early; leav-
ing city. 32* Fifth et. ; furniture included.
HARDWARE end ship supply store; doing good
business; if you are looking for something
that will pay Investigate. 16 Folsom st.
I15O&— FOR sale, well paying liquor store and
vrine house; transfer corner; fine basement;
everything new; owner having other busl-
ness. Box SS46. CaU office.
1<ARBERS— Byrnes' Hotel barber shop and
bathhouse. Woodland. Cal., must be sold
this we?k; price $150, complete.
FOR Sale— Half-interest in first-class patent-
cheap. Box 2S42. CaU office.
FOR sale— A good general merchandise store In
city. Box 3765. Call office.
NICE. bakery, notions and candy place; estab-
lished 20 years. 106 Eleventh st .
P*0— PARTNER In dyeing, cleaning; good man;
experience not necessary. 1421 Point Lobos av.
FOR sale— "Sood saloon: cheap; proprietor goes
to Germiny. Box 373S. Call office. .
RESTAURANT for sale on account of depart-
ure; living rooms complete. 136 Second sf-
SALOON and furnished rooms for sale. 119
Second ct.. corner Minna.
OLD-ESTABLISHED mechanics' boarding and
lodging hcuse for sale. Apply Call office.
VlAN with $300 to join advertiser to work pla-
cer claim at Cape Nome. <Box 2433. Call.
214The ladles of the First Unitarian
Church will hold a benefit In behalf of
the Pilgrim Sunday-school In the churcn
parlors to-night Professor Floyd will
give a sleight-of-hand performanca and
there will also be special musical fea
tures.
Pilgrim Sunday-School Benefit.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
¦.¦*-; ¦;¦ .-¦ . ————,- • ¦ \ >:.-¦ ¦ . ;
Thomas H.'and Sarah D. O'Connor to Mich
ael E.: Golden,;lot on SE corner of Webster
and Filbert streets, S 25 by E 100; $1500. -:.':
M. L. Levy. to Rose Levy, lot on S line of
Jackson street, 192:6 E of Stelner. E 27r6 by S
127:8%; gift. ~ '
"Hyman, Lena, Isaac! and Lillie ' Wolf to
Clark J. Burnham, lot on NE corner of McAl
lister and Broderick streets, E 62:6 by N
112:6; $10,000. ¦ .. . •
London and San Francisco Bank, Ltd., to
Louise R. Barrollhet, lot on S line of Broad
way, 60 E of Baker street, E 87:6, S 90, SE 33
W 7,;S.9:9%,.W 87:6 N 137:6; $11,000.
•Leon and Lillian Lewin to same, lot on N
line of Pacific street, 122:6 E of Baker, E 15
by N. 127:8%, to be used as a driveway, etc.;
$3000.; - ,
• Thomas H.. and Evelyn E. Rabjohn to John
F.*. Kennedy, re-record 1865 D. 75, lot on N line
of Page street, 156:3 E of Clayton, E 25 by
N 137:6; $1003. •
John F. and Alice Kennedy to Marcus Shef
tel,;-lot on N line-of Page street, 231:3 W of
Ashbury.W 25 by, N 137:6; $2500.
Patrick and Ann Lehaney to Mary E. Leha
ney, lot-on S line of Twelfth street, 80 E of
Folsom,-E 26, S 83:6%. W 25. N 85:4%; $4000.
Eleanor and-Patrick- Mulstay "to- William
Nicol, -lot on N line of Fifteenth street, 180 W
of Sanchez, AV 25 by N 115; $10.
• Andrew B. and - Jennie G. Knox to Mary
Wyre,-lot on N line of Nineteenth street. 180
W of Sanchez. W 25 by N 114; $3000. ' .
Fernando and Julia A. Nelson to Fanny
Faure (wife of Frank), lot on W line of Hart
ford street, 403:9 N of Eighteenth; N 23 by W
102; $3500. • • . ¦ • .
Same to Hans P." Lauritze'n. lot on W line
of Hartford , street, 303:9 N of Eighteenth, N
25 by W 102; $3500.
Lucy Ellis to Henry H. Ellis, lot on S line
of Hancock street, 1450:8 Wof Castro, S 260,
W 28:8, S 260, W 129, N 260, E 25:8, N 260, E
129; also lot on S Una of Hancock street. 1840
W of Castro, S 620 by W 132; also lot on W
line of'Ninth avenue, 150 S of Point Lobos
avenue, 8 25 by W ISO; also lot on SW.llne
of Fifteenth avenue, 75 SE of M street, SE
75 by SW, 100, block 30*-, South San Francisco
Homestead and Railroad Association; also lot
on NW corner of'Third avenue and E street,
NW 600, NE 127:8, SE 112:11. SE 513:3V4, SW
200, block 39, Salt Maruh and Tide Lands; also
undivided H of lot - on W line of Wisconsin
street, 100 N of Tuba, N BO by W 100: also un
divided 1,4 of lot on SW corner of Marln and
Minnesota streets, 1 S 50 by W 100; also lot on
N line of Caselli avtfnue, 183:4 W of Douglas,
W 33:4 by N 242. portion of lots' 7 to 10. block
1, San Miguel Rancho; also lot. In Masonic
Cemetery; gift. .
Vrooman Company (corporation) to Edward
W. Hopkins, lot on E line of Front street,
25:8.6 of Washington, S 111:10 by E 120, sub
ject to property wall agreements on north and
south; *S2.500.
Frederick Wegener to Dora Leisen, lot com
mencing 78:9 E of Hyde street and 137:6 N of
Lombard, E 10:2 by S 60, to correct 1916 D.
8; $10. . . . -. . - .» ? -• ¦
Paul and Catherine Heltzeberg to Ernest W.
and Mary Kaufmann, lot on E line of Dodge
street, 97:6 S of Turk, 8 20 by E 66; $2500.
. Charles B, and Emma Sylvester 4o John C.
Brickell, lot on NE line of Zoe street. 137:6
SE of Bryant, SE 20 by NE 75; $2500. '
- Joanna M. A. Boland to William and Charles
Betz, lot-on NW line of • Folsom Btreet. 100
NE of Ninth, NE 25 by NW 90; $3500;
William W.'and Carrie F. Rednall to Bat
tista. and Madalena Fabris,. lot on E line of
Wisconsin street, 300 N of Twenty-fifth (Yolo),
N 25 by E 100; $1500. • , .
• . /Alameda County.
Lester A. Pelton (single) to ¦ Roady - Kelly,
lot • on S corner Jackson and Cameron streets,
SW 95 by-SE 100, portion ¦ GhlrardelU tract,
Berkeley Township; $1750. ,
J. W. and Rosa A. Llnder to Frank L; Bate
man, Jot on W line of.Ninth street, 150 N of
Bristol, N 50 by W 130. lot 8, block 78, tract
B,. Berkeley Land and Town Improvement As
sociation, .Berkeley; $10.:. • . ...
Antolne and Grade Borel' to Charles Groos,
lot'on S Hne of Central avenue, 100 E of St.
Charles street, E 100, S 300, W 50,-N 100, W-50,
N 200 to beginning. Alameda; $2000.
- James Bowie, executor of estate of James
Johnson, to Louisa C. Lucas, - all interest in
lot on N line of Fifth street, 75 E of Filbert
E 25-by N" 96, lot 7, block 484, Market-street
tract, Oakland; $1000. .
David J. Clark to Mary Clark,'lot on W line
West street, 33:4 N of , Twentieth, N 33:4 by
W-100, portion -of block 300 on Boardman's
map,: Oakland; g'ift.
James McElroy to James Shea, all-interest
in lot on N line of West Third street,-75 E of
Linden. E 25 by N 94, lot • 7, ¦ block 480, map
of Adeline and Market-street Homestead, Oak
land; $500. . . '
Sarah C. Hatch and Mary B. Pratt to John
W Tompklns, lot oh S line of Seventeenth
street. 125 W of Clay, -W 25 by S 50,' block 270.
Whltcher's map, Oakland:-gift • ;
-John W. Tompklns and Mary B. Pratt to
Sarah C. Hatch, lot on N line of\ Seventeenth
street, 100 W of Telegraph avenue, W S7:6 by
N 108, Oakland; gift. ¦¦ ¦ * - >
Sarah C Hatch and John W. Tompklns to
Mary.B.«Pratt, lot on E line of San Pablo ave
nue 55:6 N of Twenty-seventh or Park street,
E 100:8, N 50, W 124:8, S 55:8 to beginning./lots
3-and 4, block 2025, Whltcher Tract, map 2,
Oakland; gift.
George M. and Hattle Meese (his wife) and
Charles H. Meese (single) to Wesley J. Baker,
lot on N line of West-Tenth street, 103:9 E. of
Cypress, E 22 by N 75, being the W half of
lot 3, block 559, map ¦ of Eighth-street Tract,
Oakland:. $1500. ' '
Rod W. and Mattie - Church to Clara A.
Thwing. all interest in lot on NW line of
Eleventh avenue, 130 NE of East Twenty-sec
ond street. NE 60 by NW 150, block 138, Clinton,
East Oakland: $1000. •
Emille A. Bertsch (wife of William H.) and
Charles S: Tripler Jr. to Rod W. Church, all
interest'in lot on'SE line of Tenth avenue, 50
NE of East Twenty-second street.. NE 14C, SE
300. SW 60, NW 150, SW 80. NW 150 to begin
i Ing, block 138, same; $1500. - •
Leopold Klan ¦ to George F.. Foye, | lot on SE
corner of Lowell street and Central avenue,
S 210, E 3:9, N 266.88, W 120.68. to beginning,
lots 1. to 3, block G, J. E. McElrath Tract,
Oakland; $1500.. : ; :
William T. ' and Sarah B. Harris to Francis
J.~ Turner, lot on NW line of Howe street,
175 SW of. Fortieth, • SW 50. NW 176. NE 50,
SE 182:7, to beginning, 1 lot 1, and NE 10 feet
of lot 8. and SW 10 feet of lot 6. block C,
Thermal Hill, formerly the Howe Tract, Oak
land; $2000. . '
William H. and Louise S. Lange to Katha
rlna'MV Lange. lot on N line of Eighth street,
83 .E. of-Poplar,. E 32 by N 90:2, block 549,
Boardman's map. Oakland; $2000. : .
George ' E. - and Ellen L. . Grant . to ¦ N. -H.
Chamberlain, lot on N. corner of East Sixteenth
street and Fourth avenue, NW 150 by NE 100,
block 80. Clinton. East Oakland: $3500.
Ross; Morgan and J. M. Moffltt (by W. F.
Kroll, commissioner) to Union Savings Bank,
lots 10 to 12, block 3, map of East Oakland
Heights,'East Oakland;"$2500. ¦
¦ ' Rod W. and Mattie Church to ' Emill* A.
Bertsch (wlf<? of William H.) and Charlen P.
Tripler Jr., all interest in lot on' S - corner. of
East Twentieth street and Twenty-thir.i ave
nue, SE 110, SW 50. NW to SE line of Twenty
third avenue, thence NW to beginning, portion
of block I on map of subdivision 60 Associates
Tract.'East Oakland: $2000. , . . ¦. ¦
•-S '• F and Ellen'Sinclair to Bertha Hetzog.
all interest in the following: Lot on SE corner
of Harmon and Baker streets, S 100 by E 160,
block 7, Herzog Tract. Berkeley; also lot on
£ line of Harmon street, 320 E of Baker, S 100.
E 121.52. N 100,-W 119.78 to beginning, block
7 "same; $5. . j * ." ' -. • ¦. •
>HVA.'and Christine S. Pleltner to James Fln
leyson. Mot'on S line of Olive street 628.54 E
of Peralt»tavenue. E 81. S 106.92, W 81. N 106.13
tocbeglnning, lots 38to_40 on map of Peralta
avenue Tract," Brooklyn.Township; $1000. ¦
William - M. - Minton ' to Lovina T. Coming
(widow);.lot on NE-corner of Clinton avenue
and f Lafayette • street. N 50 by ; E 108, lot -12,
block 15. amended map of Bartlett Tract. Ala
meda: $5000. ; . \
¦i C.E. Hatch to Mary B. Pratt, all interest In
the following: r. Lot, on S»Tine of Seventeenth
street 125 W. of.Clay.-W 25 by S 50, block 270.
Whitcher's.map, Oakland: also lot-on N.llne
of Seventeenth street. • 100 :W of Telegraph ave
riue,' W:37:6 by N" 108. Oakland; $10.
.-John B. and Ida L.-Watson to H. C.Watson,
lots • 12. - 13 and 14. block B, Peralta Heights,
East Oakland: $2000.' -•
• Horace C'and-DeliaE.- Watson-to Ben F.
Woolner, • lots 14; and 15. • SE ' 23 ; f eet of lot v 1.
block 79,- map of subdivision of portion of Wat
son property (subdivided ; April 22, ¦ 1896),- East
Oakland; $2000. .' -
i-'BenF. and Clara.N. Woolner to D. H.'.Mc-
Laughlln. lot'on NE line of ' East: Eleventh
street' 100 SE of First avenue. SE 50 by NE 100,
block s 27.. Clinton." East Oakland; $3000. '.. - .
Thomas »E. and Georgenia /A. i Pope '(by'J.
B. Lanktree, commissioner) to Elizabeth A. and
Arthur Rodgers. lot on N corner of East .Twen
ty-second ¦ street and. Seventeenth. avenue, i NE
280 'by '• NW- 150. >¦ portion of •, fractional-block : 71
on map of Northern Addition to Brooklyn,' East
Oakland; $12.C0O.•¦BWHBWBW"JF^B*W*-**ft3 Bi.;h
"-May E. and E.-I* Richards to Victoria Sund-'
berg, lots 9 <• and 10. V block - B.' Prospect; Hill
Tract.'« Brooklyn Township (subject- to a mort
gage for $1000);: $1000. " ..- ¦ ' •:
.: John and Ellen Whalen to Alexander Massey
and: George Walters, lots 34 and 35 on map of
M. Kalisky (owner) with same contractors,
architect game— Same work for same style of
building on W line of Webster street, 55 N of
Eddy, N 27:6 by W 100; $4525. .
.Louis Kalisky (owner) with same-contrac
tors, architect same— Same work for same style
of building on W line of Webster street, 82:6
N of Eddy. N 27:0 by W 100; $4525.
Rafaello Tardelll, M. Louis and Samuel Ka
lisky (owners), with W. R. Gardner (contrac
tor), architect same— Paintlnsr. tinting and
wood finishing for four . three-story frame
buildings (12 flats) on W " line of Webster
street, between Eddy and Ellis, 110 feet front
age by 10O feet deep; $1360. . . -
¦Paul Oakley (owner) with Eugene B. Hal
lett (contractor), architect . — All work ex
cept finish hardware for a one and one-half
story frame building with basement on B line
of Seventh avenue, 108:594 N of California
street. Nr25 by E 120: $2310.
_. William W. Young (owner) with • Otis Ele
vator Company (contractors), architect Her
mann Barth — One combination ' electric passen
ger and freight elevator for a four-story and
basement brick building, on SW corner of
Grant avenue and Tillman alley. S 15 by W 70;
$2300. ¦ ¦
William and Charles Betz (owners) with J.
B. ' Reite (contractor), architects Rousseau &
Son— All work except plumbing for a four
story frame building (flats) on N line of Fol
som street, 100 E of Ninth. E 25 by N 90;
$6980.
Same owner with Henry Ernst (contractor),
architects same— Plumbing, sewering, water
and gas pipes for game on same; $1000.
Samuel Kalisky (owner) with Davis & Lanc
lanti (contractors), architect Philipp Schwerdt
—All work 'except mantels, gas fixtures,
shades, plumbing and painting for a three
story frame building with basement on W line
of -Webster street, 110 N of Eddy, N 27:6 by
W 100; $4525. • -
Rafaello Tardelll (owner) . with same con
tractors, architect same— Same work for same
style of building on W line of Webster street,
27:6 N of Eddy, N 27:6 by W 100; $4525.
Builders' Contracts.
William O. Henshaw (trustee W. K. Pease)
to Union Savings Bank, all interest In 670 D.
363, lot on NW corner of Fourth and Jackson
streets, N 100 by W 100, being lots 19 to 23.
block 33, Kellersberger's Map, Oakland, trus
tee's deed; $3000.
Hans F. Lausten to Cecllle M. Lausten. lot
on E line of Union street, 225 N of Thirtieth.
N 25 by E 133, Oakland; $1.
Mary N. Cutler to John Youner, lot on N
line of Clement avenue, 230:8% E of Everett.
E 25 by N 150, block 4, Jenks and Mead Home
stead Tract, Alameda; $500. '
Peebe B. Gilson to Mary C. Priest, the E
100 teet of lots 1/ 2 and 3,' block C. map of
town of Pleasanton, Murray Township, war
ranty deed; $1000.
Linda M. and W. A. Knowles to Ira
Vaughan, lot on S line of Eighth street, 126 E
of Kirkham, E 29 by S 146:5, ibloqk 533, Board
man's Map, Oakland: $4000.
Jennet Rutherford to Emma B. Dowton (wife
of Louis C). lot 154, block J, map of Vicente
Peralta Reservation Tract, Oakland; $500.
Oakland Water Front Company to Henry
Rog-ers (trustee of estate of Catherine M. Gar
celon), parcel of land bounded on the N. by S
line of First street, E by center line of Wash
ington street if extended, SW by center line of
Clay street if extended S, S by north pier head
line of Oakland harbor. Oakland, quitclaim
deed; $1.
A. S. and Selina . F\ Woodbrldge to Herman
Hertzel, all interest in lot on NE line of Glen
avenue, 200.68 SB of Short street, SB 75 by
NE 110.25, portion of Bond Tract, Brooklyn
Township ; $500.
Same to Emma Wlnterson (wife of Samuel),
lot on HE line of Glen avenue. - 275.58 SB of
Short street, SE 25 by NE 110.25, being the
SE 25 feet of lot 9, same tract; $500.
William G. and Hetty T. ilenshaw to Mel
rose School District of Alameda County, all
Interest in lot on SB line of Stewart street,
275.76 3W of East Fourteenth, SW 200 by BE
2iO, lots 17 to 24 and 57 to 64, block C, map of
Linda Park, Brooklyn Township; J150O.
subdivision of Frank Sllva Tract, Brooklyn
Township; $1000.
• Anna C. Hansen to Walter F. Lloyd, lots 3
and 4, block B, Latham Terrace. Brooklyn
Township; $1000.
Andrew M. and Clara B. Ortlip to l*wi» M.
Meyers, all Interest in lot on S line of Davis
Btreet, 315 W of Peralta avenue. NW 60 by
SW 123. Brooklyn Township; $500.
"The growing necessity to California
fruit-growers," writes Mr. Goodwin, "for
advices in regard to the conditions . of
competing markets -and crops In Europe
will be apparent when It is known that
the shipments from this State have
grown by. leaps. and bounds, so that they
are to-day the controlling Interests In
this country and are competing . for the
trade in foreign markets." A table of
fruit shipments from California is In
cluded. • The letter then continues as fol
lows: ' . .' / -. *
If prompt and fairly accurate Information
on the . lines suggested can . be furnished the
handlers of our fruits they will be in a much
better position to market their products ad
vantageously, not only in the United States
but abroad, where there is being developed a
constantly increasing and broader market. It
the plans outlined meet with the approval of
the State Department and the consular offices
at the points named are Instructed to furnish
the desired information each year I have the
honor to suggest that their mail and cable ad
vices be transmitted to the Pacific Commercial
Museum at the earliest possible date after their
receipt by the department and the museum will
make it its duty to place the information before
all interested parties in California.
It will be apparent to the department that
one of the chief elements of value of this ser
vice will be the promptness of its origin and
of its. transmission to this Institution, and the
suggestion is therefore offered that cable ad
vices be repeated by -telegraph to us.. If It
should be developed after a fair trial that
consular officers are unable to obtain infor
mation on the - lines suggested we would be
glad to be advised thereof, accompanied by a
statement from the Consuls of the difficulties
surrounding the acquirement of the desired in
formation.
The questions proposed provide for In
formation concerning the prospects for
the prune crops, together with the stocks
on hand from about June 1 to June 15;
for advices about July 1 to July 15 as to
whether the crops are fulfilling the ear
lier predictions, and for cable advices
concerning the crops as soon as the
sales of a new crop have begun. Thesa
queries apply to the ' Consuls at Bor
deaux, Belgrade and Budapest. Cable
advices are also asked for from. Ham
burg, u soon as the new crop of Euro
pean prunes reaches that market. Cablo
advices are to be supplemented with
communications by mail. Questions of
similar character are propounded con
cerning lemons, to be answered by the
Consuls at Catania, Messina, Palermo
and Sorrento, and concerning raisins, to
be replied to by Consuls at Malaga, Va
lencia and Almeria, The foreign walnut
market, it is suggested, can be covered
by information from Consuls at Mar
seilles, Bordeaux, Grenoble, Sorrento,
Budapest and Havre.. ' ; • *
The- Commercial Museum, by. Director
Eugene Goodwin, has forwarded | to the
Secretary of State at Washington a se
ries of inquiries on the markets and
crops of prunes, lemons, walnuts and
raisins In Southern Europe, to be an
swered by United States Consuls at Bor
deaux. Belgrade, Budapest, Hamburg,
Marseilles, Grenoble; Sorrento. Havre.
Catania,. Messina, Palermo, Malaga, Va
lencia and Almeria.
Letter Sent to Department
at Capital Making Sug
\ gestion. •
Wants Our Consuls to
Assist the Commer
cial Museum.
SEEKING FACTS
FOR FRUIT MEN
day. The . plaintiff seeks to recover a
£5000 commission for procartng: the Duka
a loan of £10,000. The defense pleaded
that the terms of the loan were unreason
able. Mr. Zimmerman, the father-in-law
of - the ¦ Duke, was In court. Sangulnettt
testified that the Duke said he wanted;
£500 in connection with a marriage, that
he had insured his Ufa for £30.000 and that
he was making a pood income as corre
spondent for a New Tork paper. The>
plaintiff admitted that he charged 25 per
cent yearly Interest, which, he said, was
not exorbitant.
After evidence that the Manchester es
tates In England and Ireland showed a
yearly deficit and that the income did not
suffice to meet the mortgages, charges
and jointures of the Dowager Duchesses
Judpment was given in favor of the de
fendant on the ground that Sangulnettl
had never found any one able or willing
to provide the loan on which he claimed
commission on the actual security avail
able.
Duke Said He Needed Money
¦ in Connection With
a Marriage.
LONDON. April 18.— The suit of San
guinetti against the Duke of Manchester.
which was postponed February 27 last.
owing to .the Duke's absence in America,
occupied the Court of King's Bench to-
His Loan.
Sanguinetti Does Not Get
Commission on v
DECISION GOES
TO MANCHESTER
THE SAN FRANG1SGO CALt; -FRIDAY, APRIL 19, , 190K
11
MONEY TO WAS — Cfrm tinned.
private place to obtain
M^ral adTa^eW on diamonds. Jewelry at low-
Baldwin Jewelry Store. 846»Market
rt; tel Malnlj44. Branch 19 Third st.
1100 000 TO loan on real estate or for building;
low rate. 22? Sansome et.. room 2.
<^A«m lnaned to salaried people on note without
fndorse£_MORRELL. 609 Examiner building.
TO salaried people without collateral or ln-
dorser. S. F. D'scount Agency. 143 Phelan big.
MONEY WANTED.
WANTED— J3000: real estate security ; good in-
terest. Box 3S67. Call offlce.
isofifl WANTED In manufacturing shop; flrst-
class. Box 3S43, Call. -,
MUSICAL _ INSTRUMENTS Con. ~
AT BYRON MAUZY'S. 308 Post st ~™
Chickerirg $40
Hallett & Davis _ So
Dunham 76
Svmphony 100
GUbert & Co 125
Steinway 150
Ricca 150
Gabler 275
Steck Baby Grand (like new) 450
Sohmer Baby Grand Oike new)......,, 750
These pianos are all in excellent condition
end thoroughly warranted, and can be ex-
chan*red !n three years for a new SOHMER
or BYRON MAUZY Piano.
Pianos rented— Squares. U 50; uprights, &
up. and rent allowed on purchase.
ANY person having use for a piano can be ac-
commodated at Sherman, Clay & Co.'s with
easiest payments, lowest prices and most re-
liable makers to choose from. Each the best
of their grade, from Steinway down. Privilege
riven to exchange medium and low priced
pianos for a new Steinway any time within
three years from date of purchase. Beautiful
new uprights 6old for $6 cash and $6 per
month. We offer to sell some pood pianoe at
J3. $4 and $5 per month. SHERMAN. CLAY
& CO., Steinway dealers, corner Kearny and
Sutter ets., San Francisco; corner Broadway
and Thirteenth Bt, Oakland. _
ABSOLUTELY lowest prices and easiest terms.
1 Novella upright... *651l Schiller *265
1 Emerson upright.. 55 I Gabier l»s
1 Vose Sa I Waverly in
2 Stelnways ....1SS up 1 Fisher upright.... 119
I Helnes 315 up 1 Mason-Kamlln .. 390
1 Hallet-Davls 4SJ I Hardman 85
2 Behr Bros 25<U Miller ............ 125
/and fifty others; rented and rent allowed.
rents $3 tip; we handle all makes; agents
for sime of the oldest and most famous
pianoe fn existence: agents wanted. HEINE
PIANO CO.. 217 Geary st.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
weet of Chicago is KOHLER & CHASE'S, 26.
28 nnd 80 O'Farrell st ; pianos, organs and
all other musical Instruments of all grades
and prices; terms easy; prices lowest; every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy the
customer.
IT 1« Useless for you to look elsewhere for bar-
rains, as we have lots of them; you can buy
for cash or payments and have many styles
to select from. MAUVAIS MUSIC CO., 76S
Market st . j ¦
f PIANO enaps— $60, $75. $80, $125. $130; easy
payments; also Apollo slightly used, ft bar-
gain. BENJ. CURTAZ Cl SON, 16 OTarrell
et., CHckertng agency.
$45 UPRIGHT. $125 Knabe, $135 Steinway &
Sons, at FAY'S piano factory, 1729 Mission.
ELEGANT 3-pedal upright piano: used 6 mos.;
must be sacraficed in 5 days. 618 Eddy st
AT WILSON'S Storage, 1706 Market et, you
can pet storage pianos almost for a song.
$3 PER month rents a beautiful piano. SCOTT-
CURTAZ PIANO CO.. 660 Hayes st . ' '
J135-MAHOGANY Fischer upright left on Bale.
217 Geary et.. room SS.
BEAUTIFI7L new pianos. I15S up; rents and
easy payments. KLARE. 2200 Fillmore et
SPECIAL sale of pianos this week; Steinway,
Knabe and others. BRUENN. 208 Post Et
BIGGEST bargain In Fisher upright piano;
nearly new; must be sold. 301 Jones st
HIGH-GRADE- pianoe; Bteck. Hartman, Con-
over and others. Wiley B. Allen Co.. 314 Post
BARGAIN — Must be sold; nice nprlgrht piano.
6CHMITZ. 16 McAllister, next Hlbernla Bank.
A NEARLY new grand upright cheap; brilliant,
powerful tones. HORNUNG. 216 McAllister.
AT KEEFFE'S. 923 Market Ft.. 4 elegant up-
rlghte at your own price. Shonlnger agency.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
OFFICES AJV-U STORKS TO LET.
FOR rent— Nice store; opposite Postoffice; good
country town. C. HENDERSEN. 304 Mont-
g-om«?rj\
LAKKIJT, 1001. cor. Post— Modern, sunny; will
altpr to »ult; «40. ¦-. • .--¦¦¦¦¦¦
OIL.
C CENTS per share; the greatest money-mak-
ing- opportunity ever offered; sold over 100,000
shares last week to the best people In town;
send for prospectus to the fiscal agents here.
PACIFIC STATES MINING AND INVEST-
MENT CO.; 228 Post et Open evenings.
Agenta wanted. « -
TO get rich quick and easy buy undeveloped
oil lands in the heart of Coallntra district;
only $1 25 per acre to-day; perhaps $10,000
within a year. American Exploration Co..
14H Call building. -
THE W. R. THOMAS CO.— Oil Lands In the
beet districts; Investigate; Fearless Oil and
Water Co.; a good Investment: water trans-
portatlon. 409 Examiner big.. 464 9th. Oakland.
JOSEPH B. TOPLITZ. -SM Pine «t -~~
MEMBER PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
Country Correspondence Solicited. .
OIL tanks. - second-hand, in pood order; all
rir.fr: ohf>*p. H. B. WHITE. BIS Mission «t.
OIL LANDS. .
OIL lands for Bale or lease in all parts of the
Etate. We can furnish you with lands In -the
best localities. If you are looking for lands
or wish to Invest In stocks of the leading oil
companies, call on us before going else-
where. SHEA & PETERSON. 301 Examiner
building.
7S.OO0 ACRES oil land In various counties for
lease and fb!». ROBINSON. 36 Geary st. r. 6.
PAINTERS AXD DECORATORS.
ROOMS papered from $3 up; city or country.
Hartir.an Paint Co., 319 3d st.; tel. Red S52L
WALL paper, window shades; rooms papered. $3
on. J>tii>*ti * R«th »r>« P«xth: ripen .vi-nino
PALMISTRY.
II. JEROME FOSSELLI. scientific palmist 615
Taylor et.. bet. Geary and Post: tel. Black E61.
" PATENTS AND PENSIONS.
ADVICE free: no charre unless successful.
CTO. P. CAMPBKLL. Lawyer. Examiner big.
PERSONALS.
A— IF your hair is falling or you are bald, call
on DR. Q. S. MOORE, 4SS Geary st.. and you
will not be disappointed; this remedy is posi-
tively guaranteed; preparation sent to all
parts of the world; call or send for circular. _
THE Microbane Medical Co., removed to 411'
Geary et., where they give you free treat-
ment for bald heads, falling hair and dan-
druff; Microbane Hair Grower cures all cases; I
we also remove supei-fluous hair; call and see
us. Microbane Medicai Co., 411 Geary et.
WANTED— Those having cancer or tumor to
write for free book on home treatment of
this disease by absorption; no pain, no p'as-
ter. C A. MASON. M. D.. Chatham, N. Y.
PRIVATE detective work; reasonable rates; 10
years' experience. J. B. RAY, 357 Jessie st.
CIGARETTE arid tobacco habit cured at
hoznet $5; valuable information for liquor,
morphine, opium, all drug habits. MRS.
WILLIAMS, lSS9 ; Polk Et, San Francisco.
REWARD— $1030 paid If your wrinkles, freckles
or eup. hair return after our treatment; sam-
ple free 'at branch offlce. N. Y. Institute of
Dermatology. Glasgow bldg.. 105 Ellis st.,S.F.
$1 WEEKLY— Suits to order frorf genuln*
Scotch. $15 up; fine dress suits, $20 up; ele-
rant overcoats. $15 up. LEON LEMOS. 1117
Market et.. between Seventh and Eighth. _
C. LANDECKER, 20 Montg'y— Watches cleaned
tag repaired, no matter wha.t'8 broken. $l;guar.
EPUIXG styles Standard patterns' now ready.
"Domestic" offlce, 1021 Market st. nr. Sixth.
OLD geld, Bll\-eK diamonds and precious stones
bought. J. R. JENKEL. 817 Market st - .
Ladies' & gents' cast-off clothing bought A
sold. J. Sllverman. 884 FoIsom;tel.Folsom 1111.
ELECTRIC light In every room— Winchester
Hotel. 44 Third st. near Market: 700 rooms;
26c to 1150 per night; $160 to $6 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
ECHOOL to learn hairdresslng. hair work, man-
icuring: private lessons or class. MISS A. V.
DOYLE. 1704 Market, bet Polk and Van Ness.
WHITE enamel iron bed*, single, three-quarter
or double. ?2 25. EASTERN OUTFITTING
CO.. 1310-1312 Stockton et. near Broadway.
ALFREDUMS Egyptian Henna; restores gray
hair to Its natural color; $1; at all druggists.
"KINGSLAND Art Colors." for leather, wood
and photos, at all first-class art storem. '.
ALL KINDS of bamboo fancy work to order.'
HORISHIMA & CO.. 248 Ellis; tel. -Red. 186*.
Masquerade costumes, play books, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.; 733 Mkt.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles destroyed with
electric tteeole. MISS EATON.- 1119 Sutter st
DR. LAMOTTE'S French Corn Paint,' the best
corn cure; 25c; all druggists. , '
PHYSICIANS AND SURGEONS.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL— Offlce and residence,
1021 Market St.. between Sixth and Seventh.
DRi WONG HIM, herb : doctor, successfully
treats all diseases of the human body; see
testimonials at offlce. 115-117 Mason, nr. Ellis.
REAL KSTAlt CITY 1'OB 8AM3.
GET ycur home when a chance like 'this is
offered; it is cheaper to own your home than
to pay rent, besides it makes you feel more
independent; if you are under a salary read
this carefully. I have peremptory order to
cell the remaining 4 lots In a tract, and . in
order to make immediate sale have reduced
the prices. I will also sell in installments.
J20 first payment, lots graded, all street work
done/ brick sewers in, easy of access, . Sac-
ramento-Bt. cars pass in front, the Geary
and branch of Sutter-st. road within ¦ a few
steps, 2 lines to choose . from. Choice lots
like these are not offered in. Installments/
and besides they are close to town; first-
class residences are to be erected on the
other lots that J are -sold. ¦ Only $685 each.
These are the cheapest - lots in Richmond,
and even to" buy to' sell again a handsome
. profit can be made. They were appraised at
$900 each in the Probate Court.
W. J. GUNN. 630 California st.
EXECUTRIX AUCTION.
We have been instructed by the widow: of
the late John P. Poole esq. to Bell their grand
ten-room house and lot,' stable and outhouses,
198 Laldley st.. cor. Fairmont st; lot 176x150.
Cottage of 4 rooms, 140 Laldley st. ; lot lOOx
110.
' One lot, 60x121, on Palmer st., near Fairmont.
One lot. 100x100, on Laldley st., near Mateo
street. . .
Sale Tuesday. April 30, at 10:30 a. m.. on the
property. -
The above property must be sold regardless
of cost or value. This is a grand chance to
buy good property at your bwn prtse -. v i i
Send for descriptive catalogue. ¦ .
J. A. MUNRO & CO.. Auctioneers.
Office 240 Stockton St., S. F.; tel. James 164L
A LOVELY trip for Cc; electric cars to Ocean
View, the prettiest suburb of S. F.; THIS-
TLETON, 272 Sadowa St.. will show you 2
choice lots. {125 each; 4 extra fine lots. $150
each; beautiful cottage with 2 lots, S800; a
greenhouse ready for a florist, cost over J200
for glass; small cottage $150/ barn and well
$200, and lot 33x150, valued $500. the whole
business can be bought for $600. ¦
LOT In Mission— Corner, 25x90; excellent lo-
cality; residence district; suitable for gro-
cery or other business; no opposition. - 791
Stevenson et.
AT a bargain— That elegantly decorated | new
modern 10-room residence, 775 Cole St.; open
dally. • -, . ..
FOR sale — Well-constructed, modern' residence.
8 rooms and bath, in a desirable location
near park; reasonable terms. 660 Mission »t.
$600-82x130; FRONTING on San Jose ave.;
must be sold. Apply at 415 Fourth st.
IF you have lots to sell north of the Park.
then call on W. J. GUNN. 630 California st.
FOR the best located lots In Richmond and the
cheapest call on W. J. Gunn. 530 California.
MODERN cottages and flats built; reasonable;
plans furnished. Salsbury. builder. 1333 Market.
REAL ESTATE — COUNTRY — For Sale
3V4 ACRES choice orchard and vegetable laid
In full bearing. $4000; cherries and apricots;
large barn, well, outhouse and chicken cor-
ral; Hay wards, opp. Hay wards Park, en the
electric railway; beautiful surroundings; will
net 6 to 8 per cent as the place stands by
raising vegetables for early Eastern ship-
ments; the above, per cent can be doubled or
even trebled; fare on S. P. Co. $6 per month.
Room 4, 420 Montgomery st . .- . - .
BUY in Napa County; no droughts, no irriga-'
tlon, no failure of crops; write us for- free
copy "Naoa County VlticulturUt." The W.
A. MACKINDER CO.. St. Helena. Cal.
M. GRIFFIN. 719 Market st. by Call bldg..
sells hotels, lodging-houses, stores, etc. Print-
ed r~ts of farms and city t~— T»erty for sale.
160 ACRES of land and some cash to trade for
a stock of merchandise. Address L. H. MON-
ROE. Placervllle, Cal. ¦
"WRITE J. W. HORN. 812 Main. Petaiuma. for
free copy of Sonoma Co. real estate bargains.
REAL ESTATE WANTED.
LOT wanted; contractor will build and take
lot as part payment. Box S853, Call office.
OAKLAND ADYERTiSEMENTS.
. OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATES. \ --
aSTIn^ve^t^e^jt^o^ho^e^snTpT^^^'
JJOOO each— Two 2-story houses, 8 rooms;
good order; rents $20 and $22 &0, worth $25;
each lot 28 and 32 feet; sure business proper-
ty; f rents main street; solid blocks of stores
within one block; must sell; see at once;
land worth more. •
LAYMANCS Real Estate Co.,
460-462 Eighth st.. Oakland.
FINE Oakland Income property- rents ?840; a
snap for quick buyers. Box 2218. Call. Oakl'd.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
AN Introduction to you from H. Schellbaas, th«
furniture dealer. 11th and Franklin, Oakland.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
A FLAT of 4 beautiful large rooms, wide hall.
stationary tubs, with bath, completely fur-
' nlshed for 'housekeeping; gas and telephone;
new house; fine view; healthy location; In a
small, private family; no children wanted;
rent reasonable. 4231 Twentieth, nr. Castro.
EDDY. 743 — One large alcove room and three
others; furnished or unfurnished.;. . : ...
ELLIS, 621, near Larkin— Front room, fur-
nished for housekeeping; gas stove; $10 month.
ELLIS, 639, cor. Larkin — Large' bay -window;
$16; um of kitchen, $17; also room, $11.
FOLSOM, 834 — Sunny housekeeping room;
closets: Ftove; bath; private; $6 month.
GEARY. 729. rear— 3 or 6 unfurnished sunny
housekeeping rooms; yard. .
GEARY, 1012— 4 sunny furnished housekeeping
rooms, with use of bath and telephone. ¦ . -
GOLDEN GATE ave., 622— Sunny bay-window
suite, ' 3 rooms, nicely furnished; gas/ bath.
HOWARD, £23 — Housekeeping rooms and sin-
gle; very reasonable.
LANGTON, rb%Vi— 3 sunny, nicely furnished
rooms for housekeeping; private family.
MINNA. 172, near Third— An elegant suite com-
. pletely furnished for heavy j housekeeping,
with sink and laundry; price $12. .
OAK. 119 — Sunny basement room, furnished for
.housekeeping; stove; yard; $4. ,
OAK, 119 — 2 sunny parlors; furnished for house-
keeping; range; closet; yard; 2, beds; $15.
OAK, 125 — Two nicely furnished rooms for
housekeeping; gas; bath; $16.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce, 2200 Fillmore st.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing; $1 per year.
ROOMS TO LET— Fnrn. and t'nfnrn.
AHLBORN HOTEL. 321 Grant ave.— Best ,doi-
lar a day family hotel In city; polite attend-
ance; large rooms; modern conveniences;
rooms 50c up; first-class meals 25c; free coach.
A— BRUNSWICK HOUSE, 148 Sixth— Rooms,
25c to $1 per night; $1 25 to $5 per week, and
light housekeeping roqms; open all night.
BURNETT. 1426 Market (old No. 1364)— Fur-
nished rms., suites, single; also unfurnished.
DEVISADERO. 1311%— 3 or 4 sunny handsomely
furnished rooms for housekeeping; reasonable.
EDDY, '874 — Newly, elegantly furnished rooms;
new flat; running water.. . ;
ELDER Room-renting Bureau, 22 Kearny st—
Tel. Red 2334; rooms furnished or unfurnished. •
GRAND SOUTHERN, southeast corner Seventh
and Mission sts. — Sunny rooms/ en suite or
single; ladies' parlor; reading-room; elevator.
JESSIE, 363, near Fifth and Market— Furnished
rooms, $4 and $5. '
NEW ARLINGTON. 1015 Market ¦ st— Nicely
furnished rooms. $2 a week up; 35c a day up.
O'FARRELL, 20— Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator; elec. lights; day, week, mo.
ROYAL House. 126 Ellis— Incandescent light;
reading-room, smoking-room and ladles'- par-
lor; rooms, per night, 35c to $1 50; week, $2 to
$8;. month. $8 to. $30;. elevator on ground floor;
rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
ROSEDALE • House, 319-321 Ellis st— Rooms,
night, 2Sc to $1; week. $1 25 to $4; open night.
SHERMAN Apartment ' House. 28 : Eighth' si.,
near. Market — Furnished or unfurnished. ¦ :
THE Oxford,' 271 O'Farrell— Suites and single
. rooms from $3 up. ¦--:.,''¦••'.
.................. VAN NESS, 930 '....
Bachelors' apartments;- elegantly furnished;
all south rooms; references. .«.-•¦ ¦ ¦
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
¦ : subscriptions has been established- at ¦ 1096
Valencia Et. :. ' . -.¦:'. ..':¦. . ¦
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
-¦ received at Call branch offlce, 2200 Fillmore st
' ROOMS AND BOARD.
AT summer rates: attractive rooms; special
table; .wine dinners. - 807 California st. >•*".•:¦; ,
CALIFORNIA^ 222s— Sunny : rooms, with board;
private family. - * * . • -I
~~~ ROOMS WAKTED.Vr. ;v^-
FURNISHED room ' ' for - gentleman; • between
Larkin. Taylor and Post sts. ; , rent $5 or $6.
¦ Box 3833,. Call office..-- :v -. r .*,\.
SPECIAL NOTICES.; -- .
NOTICE is hereby given, that the Maria Kip
Orphanage of 620 Lake . St.. San ' Francisco,
Cal., has received the following orphan and.
half-orphan girls from January 1 to April- L
1901: -Alice F. Debts, 10 years; Eleanor Robi
f.rts, 2 years 10 months; Mary Phillips, . 7
years; . Annie Sharman, . 6 years; - Harriet
Sharman, S years 4 months; Lillian L. Koa-
felt, 2 years 7 months; Bertha Koepp, 3
years 6 months; Pauline E. Olson, 9 years 6
months; Frances Follis. 10 years 6 months.'.'
A PHTSICTAN making a specialty of dia-
betes desires a few more patients. Address
box ?805, Can-office.- . - . . \\ ¦;'.. ..-:
BAD . tenants ejected for $4-; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION CO..
415 Montgomery St., rooms »-19; tel. B580. ¦.:-•
MATERNITY HOSPITAL, 997 Market st.— La-
dles during conflnemcut w. 10 days' care. t20.
SEWING MACHINES . AND SUPPLIES.
ALL kinds bought, sold and renairlng guaran-
ieed. Charles Plambeck, 1915 Mission, nr. 15th.
ALL kinds bought, soM. rented, exchanged, re-
paired ; open even. ; - phone Black 1124. ' 205 4th.
BOUGHT, sold, rented* repaired; needles and
: shuttles: reduced rates.' 145 6th: phone Mint 5.
STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co.,
¦office; ;Posf and Powull' sts.: tel.- Main 6713. .
BEKINS Van and Storage Co., 722 Mission st.;
tel. Main 1840; shipping at cut rates.'. ... V
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany, . 2320 v Flllmore ot. : phone Jackson 2S1. ,
GOLDEN WEST Storage Warehouse. 840 Mls-
slon St.; tel. Mint mi." F. . W. ZEHFUSS,
___::,¦_;__.;'.^9\'.}t 1^f¥h'-'' „„„„!-' „-„'•'
LOVELY HOME.^
To lease for a long term to responsible
party,. 40 acres of best land, good locality, in
Santa Cruz County: only half a . mile ' from
depot; ' consisting of about 25 acres of best
" wine grapes and balance best -fruit; apples,
cherries, plums, etc.;, lovely cottage, fur-
nished, also ¦ horses, carriage, phaeton, etc. ;
also fine winery and cooperage for 30,000 gal-
lons. Box 3841. Call offlce. ' '
TYPEWRITERS AND SUPPLIES.
GREAT BARGAINS IN TYPEWRITERS— We
sell better machines for less money than any
1 house in the city; rentals, S3. The Typewriter
Exchange. 536 California; telephone- Main 266.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND NOTICE— Dividend No. 90 (twenty
cents per share) of the Hutchinson Sugar
Plantation Co.. will be payable at the of-
flce of the company, 327 Market st., San
Francisco, on and after Saturday, April 20,
1901. Transfer books close Saturday, April
13, 190L at 12 o'clock m. •- ,•
E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
r * ,. .
PROPOSALS for Woolen Blankets, Depot
Quartermaster's 'Office, 36 New Montgomery
St.. San Francisco, Cal., April 6, 1901.— Sealed
proposals, in triplicate, will be received at
thlB office until 10 o'clock a. m., Saturday
April 20, 1801, Pacific Standard Time, and
then opened, for furnishing Woolen Blankets.
Quantity to be subject to an Increase of 20
per cent, if desired by this Department. Un-
guaranteed bids, and bids upon samples dif-
fering from standard and specifications, will
• under no circumstances be considered; pro-
posals for less quantity than advertised for
will be entertained. Bids will be opened for
the delivery of the Blankets at either ' the
- San Francisco, Boston, Chicago and Phlla- :
delphla' Depots, ' but none' will be given con-
sideration for Inspection or delivery at. other
points than those named above. Early de-
liveries are essential. The. rate and time of
delivery must be stated by bidders in their,
proposals, and no proposition should be made
which they are not positive that they can
absolutely fulfill. Preference will be given
to articles of domestic production and manu-
. facture, conditions of' price and quality being
equal (Including in the price of foreign pro-
duction and manufacture the duty thereon),
i<nd such preference will be given to articles
of American production and manufacture pro-
duced on the Pacific Coast, to the extent, of
the consumption required by the public ser-
vice -there. The United States reserves the
right to accept or reject any or all proposals
or any part thereof. Information and blanks
for proposals will be furnished on applica-
tion. Envelopes containing proposals will be
Indorsed "Proposals No. 3447," and addressed
to MAJOR OSCAR F. LONG, Quartermaster,
U. S. A., Depot Quartermaster.
PROPOSALS for mineral oil.— 36 New Mont-
gomery st.. San Francisco, Cal., March 20,
190L ¦ Scaled proposals, in triplicate, will be
"received here until 11 o'clock a. m.,' April 20,
1901, end then "opened- for furnishing and
storing here 150,000 gallons Mineral Oil, 135°
flash test. In cases of two five-gallon cans
each. Preference will be given to articles of
domestic production and manufacture, condi-
tions ' of price and quality being equal (in-
cluding In the price of foreign productions
the duty thereon) . and such preference given
to- articles of American production and man-
ufacture produced on the Pacific Coast to the
extent of the consumption required by the
public service there.- The United States re-
serves the. right to accept or reject any or all
proposals or any part thereof. Information
and blank proposals furnished on application.
Envelopes -will be endorsed "Proposals for
Mineral • Oil." and addressed' Major OSCAR
F. LONG, Quartermaster, U. S. Army, Depot
Quartermaster. . . ¦¦
ADVERTISEMENT— Offlce of the Chief En-
glneer. Division of the Philippines, Manila,
- P. I., March 1, 1901 — Sealed proposals -for
constructing a harbor at Manila. P. I., will
be received at this offlce until 11 o'clock a.
m., August 1.- 1901. and then publicly opened.
Work to be done includes about 150,000 cubic
yards riprap. 21,000 cubic yards concrete and
rubble masonry In ' breakwaters, about 5.000,-
000 cubic yards of dredging and a pile bulk-
head • 4700 feet long. Dredjtfng In mud, sand
and shells to a depth of thirty feet. Dredged
. material, to be used for reclaiming land.
Bids must be accompanied by a bond of one
hundred thousand "dollars <$100.000) in gold.
One contract will be made for the whole
work. Contractor's bond will be 10 per cent
of the amount bid. ' The right Is reserved to
. reject any or all bids. .For specifications and
. blank forms apply to this offlce, Bureau, of
Insular Affairs, Washington, D. C. ; United
States Engineer Offices at New York. Chi-
cago and San Francisco. " JOHN ' BIDDLE,
'Captain, Engineers. •- ¦ •¦=:<-.
MABRIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were issued
yesterday: _ ' •.
Fiore Belluomini, 26, 301 Hayes street, and
Levantina Giovannoni, 17, 301 Hayes street. :
John McCann, 24, 130B Church street, and
Kate Quinn. 26, 130B Church street.
Charles E. Consrdon. 35. Jamestown, and
Eelle Hall, 25, 906 Devisadero street.
• James T. Roach. 31, Oakland, and Amelia C.
Seisle. So, Oakland.
Michael Feeley. 33, Glamls, and Ellen Gal-
lagher. 23, Lick House. .....
Hans L. Isaacsen. 30, 9 Newell street, arid
Annie C. Eriknen, 30, 9 Newell street.
Jesse S. Halstead, 34, 279 O'Farrell street,
and Josephine Culver, 24, Berkeley.
Edward P. Muller, 28, 407 Hyde street, and
Augusta M. Schartzle, 23, 3525 , Twenty- fourth.
Joseph Pontacq, 25, 119 Trenton street, : and
Jeanne Tresarrieu.- 20, 1207^ Golden Gate ave.
BIRTHS-MARRIAGES-DEATHS,
BJrth, marriage and death notices sent by
mall will not be inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
HOLDEN— In this city, March 27, 1901, to the
wife of John E. Holden. a son.
HORN— In this city. April 6, 1901, to the wife
of Isidore - Horn, a son.
PARKER— In this city, April 10, 1901, to the
wife of Captain F. O. Parker, a. daughter,
POLLOCK— In this city, April 18, 1901, < to the
wife of William Pollock, a son. -^
MARRIED.
CACCIA— MARTINONI— In Alameda. April 17,
1901, by the Rev. Father T. J.-- O'Connell,
Joseph P. Caccia' and Marie ¦ Martinpni. ;.
CADY— KAISER— In this city, April 16, 1901/
¦ by the Rev. J. Fuendeling, Albert C. - Cady
and Mary Elvine Kaiser.
HOFFMANN— BARTELS— In this city, April
14, 1S01. by :• the Rev. J. Fuendeling, L. A.
Otto Hoffmann and Lulu Bartels.
JOHNSON— BENDLTN— In this, city, April 14,
1901, by the Rev. J. Fuendeling, Shirley ,Weg-
mann Johnspn and Bertha Marie Bendlyn. .
MEYER— IMSICK— In -this city, April 14, 1901.
by the Rev. J. Fuendeling, Henry Meyer and
¦ Julia . Imsick. ; , .
MURPHY— KING— In this city. April 14.' 1901.
at St. Paul's. Church, by the Rev. M. . D.
• Connolly, James J. Murphy, of San Francisco
and Mamie King of Golden. Gate.
REMUS— BARTHOLDY— In this city, . ADril 17,
¦ 1901, by j the - Rev. . J. • • Fuendeling, . Hermann '
.Remus and. Marie A. Bartholdy. ' .
WULFF— ROWALD— In -this city, -April 15,
. 1901, by the Rev. J. Fuendeling, Otto H.
Wulff and Mrs. Minna Rowald.. - - - ¦ ¦ . .
¦ . - :.;¦/•;: .died.;;
Biese. Charles • ¦, N . ; Lane, Jacob C.
Dietrich. Louise Le Fevre, Lottie '
.Dodd. Fredrick > : Leopold. Herman
Edelmann, ¦ Carl J. • Lynch, Michael ¦
-' Flynn,' James ' * McLean, Zelma E. '
¦ Frost. Andrew Merk, Albert A.
Habermacher. Ferdi- ' Mersing, John B.
nand • - - . Mooney. Robert E. '
Hahn, Joseph. M. ¦ Moynihan, Annie/ V.
Hare, Stanislaus D. Peter, *Henry: E. .
Hartshorn. Elldridge Shannon. Henry -'.
: Hession. John M.'V.\. ¦ Urry, . Susan ¦;¦¦¦'
' Hillmann. John " Walter/. Davis P. 2
. Hughes, Julia •.¦ • . Whelan,' Joseph P. -"
Jackson. - Jacob G. Willers. Bernard ¦ ¦
Judge, Frank W. • - • » ;-."
Sttom'* ««tfrjjw mgg^ > — ; -¦ V .. ' -¦ .-'-.-
BIESE— In .the .City : and^ County ; Hospital,
April '17.: 1901, Charles • Biese. a * native of
Switzerland, aged \ 44 yeare.~£&S3&B9Mgp^
DIETRICH— In this city, April 18, _1901, Louise
, BAY AND BIVEB STEAMEES.
FOR U. snttAvTYARrS^AaEJO.
Steamer " Montlcello."
MON. TTJES., 'WED. THTJRS. . AND BAT..
at 9:43 a. m.. 3:15. 8:30 p. m. (except Thurs-
day night); Fridays. 1 p. m. and 8:30; Sundays.
10:30 a. m.. 8 vt. m. Landing and offlce. Mls-
Blon-st. Dock, Pier No. 3. Telephone Main 1508.
C0MPAONIE - . GENEBALE TSAN3ATLANTIQUH
DIRECT, LINE TO ; HAVRE-PARia J+a*.
Sailing every Thursday. . instead of
Saturday, j at 10 a. m., from Pier 42. "^"23«s»
North River. -foot of Morton street. • First class
to Havre, $55 ' and . upward.' Second . class to
Havre, 145 and upward. GENERAL AGENCY
FOR » UNITED STATES and CANADA. SJ
Broadway (Hudson building). New Tork. J. F.
FUGAZI & CO.. Pacific Coast 'Agents. 5 Mont-
gomery avenue, San Francisco. .Tickets sold by
all Railroad Ticket Agents.
PACIFIC STEAM NAVI6ATI0H GO.
And CIA SUD AMERICANA DE VAPOSBS
To Valparaiso, . stopping at Mexican. Central
and South American ports. Sailing Section t.
Seawall. 13 m.
PERU May 2PALENA May 30
.GUATEMALA .May 13 LOA Juno 13
These steamers are built expressly for Cen-
tral and South American passenger service.
(No change at Aeapulco or Panama.) Freight
and passenger offlce, 318 California street.
- : BALFOUR.-GUTHRIE & CO.. AgenU.
Round-trip tickets : at reduced rates. ¦ For
freight and passage apply at company's offlce,
421 Market street, corner First.
• W. H.: AVERT. General Agent.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF, COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, at 1 p. m.,
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hlogo), , Nagasaki ; and ¦ Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for
India, etc ; No cargo received on board on day
of sailing.' •
SS. NIPPON MARU. .......Friday. May 3. 1901
SS. AMERICA MARU.-Wednesday, May 29. 1901
SS. HONGKONG MARU-.Saturday, June 22. 1901
TOYO KISEN KAISHA.
OCEAN TBAVEL
AMERICAN LINE.
SEW YOBS. B0UTHAKPT09. LONDON, PAEI3.
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New Tork Every Wednesday, 10 a. in. ',
New Tork May li New Tork May 12
St. Paul May 8 St. Paul May 23
St. Louis, May 15!St. Louis ..'.....June 6
RED STAR LINE.
; - ;. New York and Antwerp.
From New Tork Every "Wednesday, 12 noon.
Zeeland May I Pennland May 23
Friesland May 8 Kensington May 29
Southwark May 13. Zeeland June 5
INTERNATIONAL. NAVIGATION COMPANY.
- CHAS. D. TATLOR.
General Agent Pacific Coast, 30 Montgomery st.
©ceanles.s.€©. sk&e&k
SS. AUSTRALIA, for Tahiti
About April 22. 4 p. m.
SS. MARIPO3A (Honolulu only) .
- ......:. Saturday. April 27. 2 p. m.
SS. SIERRA, for Honolulu, Samoa, New-
Zealand and Australia......:
Thursday, May 9, 10 a. m.
I D.SPRECKLS k BEOS. CO., Gissral touts. 327 Martat St
Btn'l Passenger Dffia, 643 Karfet St., fisr Is. 7, Kcife St
PANAMA R, R. %m
TO NEW YORK VIA PANAMA DIRECT.
Cabin, 91OS; Steerage, »4O.
6. 8. Leelanaw sails Saturday, April 2O
6. 8. Argyll . sails Monday, May 6
8. 8. sails Monday, May 2O
From Harrlson-st. Wharf, 2 p. m.
Freight and passenger offlce, 330 Market st.
F. F. CONNOR, Pacific Coast Agent.
. . LOWEST RATES t
Steamer Tickets Include Berth and Meals.
SS. COLUMBIA Sails Apr. 13. 23. May 3
SS. GEO. W. ELDER.Sails Apr. 8. IS. 2S, May 3
D. W. HITCHCOCK. General Agent,
1 Montgomery st.. S. F.
PORTLAND, Or.,
And Short Rail Line from Portland to all
points East. Through tickets to all
points, ell rail or steamship and rail, at
Only Steamship Line to
O. R. & N. CO.
TICKET OFFICE —4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO., Gen. Agts.,
> 10 Market St, San Francisco.
• Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
«». Steamers leave Broadway
PRt - wharf. San Francisco:
IV g T*rfii» For Alaskan Ports — 11 a. m.,
I WJ^QSk April 21. 26, May 1. Change to
Jj §3ip* l ?<«2« l $*jk Company's steamers at Se-
I Es3&2*RjEal For Victoria, Vancouver (B.
II ft'fifmTF**^il C.). Port Townsend. Seattle,
U> Tacoma. Everett. Anacortes
and New Whatcom (Wash.)—
11 a. m., April 21, 26, May land
every fifth day thereafter. Change at Seattle
for this company's steamers for, Alaska and O.
N. Ry. ; at Seattle or Tacoma to N. P. Ry. ;
at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka, Humboldt Bay— 2 p. m.,. April
18, 23, 26, May 3, and every fifth day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Santa Bar-
bara, Port Los Angeles and Redondo (Los An-»
geles) — Steamer Queen. .'Wednesdays, 9 a. m. :
steamer Santa Rosa. Sundays, 9 a. m.
For Santa Cruz, Monterey, San Simeon, Cay-
ucos. Port Harford (San Luis Oblspo). Gaviota,
Santa Barbara, Ventura. Hueneme. San Pedro.
East San Pedro (Los An*reles> and Newport-—
Steamer Corona, Fridays, 9 a. m. ; steamer Bo-
nlta, Tuesdays. Um.
For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay, San Jose del
Cabo, Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz, Santa Rosa-
lia and Guaymas - (Mex.)— 10 a. m.. 7th each
month.
For further information obtain company"*
folders.
The company reserves the right to change
steamers, sailing dates and hours of sailing
.Pacific iCoast . Co.
few F0R
teNOME
, **^Bk^ goldfields.
THE STEAMSHIP ']
CITY OF PUEBLA
win Ban A
From San Francisco May 26
Connecting at Seattle with the Company** New
and Splendid
Steamship Senator
For Nome Direct.
Leaving SEATTLE May 30th.
The Senator made five trips to Nome last
year, being one of the first to arrive there,
landing all her passengers and freight without
loss, mlshaD or material delay.
For passenger rates apply TICKET OFFICE.
4 New Montgomery Street.
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO.. Oen. Agta..
10 Market Street.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
¦' dence," 866 Filbert street, • between Mason and
'; Taylor. *. Interment Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
SHANNON—In:; Sacramento. April 14, . 1901,
Henry, '•> beloved V son • of Charles J.' and Jo-
sephine Shannon, a native of California, aged
: 4 years 1 month ¦ and 2 days, v . . . -
URRY—In this city. April 18,^1901. Susan Urry,
beloved mother of Daniel J.. James B., John
R. and George E. Keefe and the late Richard
W. Keefe, f a native . of Newmarket, County
Cork/: Ireland, aged 68 years. ! .
* - (ETFuneral to-morrow - (Saturday), - at 2
i • o'clock,. from l the rooms of N.. Gray &. Co.,
641-Sacramento street. Interment private. . ¦
WALTER-In this city, Aoril 18. 1901. Davis
P.,! beloved husband.of Lizzie Walter, a na-
tive of London, England, aged 51 years.
WHELAN—In San Mateo, April 17. 1901. Jo-
oseph P... beloved son of Michael' and Sarah
-- Whelan, a native of. San Francisco, aged 16
¦ years. — » .
E7 A solemn requiem mass will be celebrated
this day (Friday), at St. • Matthew's Church,
- San i Mateo, for the repose of his soul, com-
8 mencing at 11 o'clock, thence by train leav-
ing San Mateo at 12:30 o'clock to Holy Cross
Cemetery for interment. 'J
WILLERS— In t this city, April 17. 1901. Ber-
nard, > dearly - beloved and only son of John
and'Rebecca Willers, and brother of Rebecca.
Willers, a native of San Francisco, aged 1
¦ year 10 months and 9 days. . ;
• • IE?"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the-funeral to-morrow.
(Saturday), at 1 o'clock, from the residence
of his parents, 627 Stevenson street, between
Seventh and Eighth. Interment Masonic
' Cemetery. . -
1
i
• Dietrich, . beloved • mother of ' Mrs. H. - Heidt-
mann, Mrs. J. 'Tiedemann - and" Carl,~> Frank.
¦ Herrman. Otto and Albert j Dietrich, . a . na-
tive of Pommenn, -Germany, aged. 70 years 8
• months and 15 days. -
DODD— In this city, April 17, 1901. Fredrick
Dodd, beloved "' husband of Mary E. Dodd, a
native of ; England, aged 49 years 11' months
and 7 days. > ¦ - "¦ - ¦•••'¦¦ ¦¦¦-''¦.'¦.:'
E^Notlce of funeral hereafter. ".- Remains at
the funeral parlors of Charles H. Jacob :&
Co., 318 Mason street, between O'Farrell and
I Geary. * ¦ . .
EDELMANN— In this city, April 18, 190L Carl
J., eldest and beloved son of Matthias A. and
- Margarethe Edelmann, and', brother of Mrs.
A. W. Borchers and Oscar and Adele Edel-
¦ mann, a native . of San Francisco, ; aged 23
years 11 months and 25 '.days. •_ \__ ¦'
FLYNN— In' this city, April 18, 1901. James, be-
loved son of Luke and the late Rose Flynn,'
' and J brother • of Joseph, Mary and Annie
¦ ' Flynn, a native ' of i San • Francisco, aeei • 25
years, and 10 months. .
{CyFriends and acquaintances, are respect-
• fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the parlors
• of the Henry J. Gallagher Undertaking Com-
pany, 20 Fifth street, thence to St. Joseph's
Church, where a solemn requiem mass ¦ will
be celebrated for the repose of .his soul, com-
mencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Mount Cal-
vary. Cemetery. : .-'.-¦ '. ¦
FROST— In Fruitvale. Alameda County, . Cal..
April 18, 1901, at corner of Peralta avenue
and Hyde street, Andrew,' beloved husband of
Mette S. Frost, a native, of Denmark, aged
.74 years and 3 days.
HABERMACHER— In this city, - April 18, 1901,
.Ferdinand, beloved husband of Susana Hab-
ermacher, and father of Ferdinand, George
Emil, Mathilda and Albertina Habermacher,
a" native of Luzerne, Switzerland,' aged 64
years. -A member of Mount Hamilton Lodge
i No. 43, A. O. I U. W., San Jose, and .the San
Francisco Grutll Verein. (San Jose papers
,' please copy.) . - '
Ey Friends, acquaintances and members of
' . the Grutli Verein are respectfully invited to
¦ attend the funeral Sunday, . April 21, at 10
. o'clock, from the funeral parlors of Charles
' H Jacob '& Co., 318 Mason street, . between
O'Farrell and Geary. Interment I. O. O. F.
-Cemetery. " " ' .' - "..- ,:
HAHN— In this city, April 17,' 1901. Joseph
Michael, • beloved son of George and - Mary
Hahn, and brother of George William Hahn,
a native of San Francisco, aged 3 years 5
months and 10 days. .-. . -
HARE— In this city, .'April 18. 1901, Stanislaus
'D., dearly beloved • husband of Mary. Hare,
beloved son of P. M. and Bridget Hare, and
beloved brother of John P. and Fanny Hare,
a native of San Francisco," aged . 23 years 4
. months and 15 days. " < -. .. ,
EyNotlce of funeral hereafter.
HARTSHORN— In this city, April .17," 1901,
Elldridge G. Hartshorn, beloved father of
Miss Ida M. Hartshorn, Mrs. A.: C. Soule,
Mrs. F. Rogers and Mrs. S. Heino. a native
of 'Walpole, Mass., aged 81 years 7 months
and 7 days. .J - * •
EXFrlends are Invited to attend the funeral
this day (Friday),, at 1 o'clock, from his
late residence, 68 Lotta street, off Parnassus
avenue, between Stanyan and Willard streets,
thence to Masonic Temple, corner Post and
Montgomery streets, where services ,will be
held under the auspices of Mount Morlah
Lodge No. 44, F. and A". M., commencing at
2 o'clock. Interment . Masonic Cemetery.
HESSION— In this city, April 17, ' 1901. 1 John
M. V., beloved son . of Joanna . and the late
Michael H. Hession, a native of San Fran-
cisco. • ' - v ' * - - ' - '• ¦
C^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 2041 Polk street, thence to St. Brigld's
Church, where a solemn requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul,
commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery. Kindly omit flowers.
HILLMANN— In this city, April 18. 1901, John
Hillmann, beloved brother of D. Meyer and
John Meyer of San Francisco. H. Meyer of
New York, and • Metta Sorges of Canada, a
native of Leeste. . Hanover. Germany, aged
59 years 11 months and 22 days. A member
of Concordia Lodge No. 122, I. O. O. F., and
Walhalla Encampment No. 7. I. O. O. F. •
(DfRemalns at the parlors of H.'F. Maass,
917 Mission street. , ' . ,
HUGHES— In this city, April 16. 1901. Julia,
beloved wife of John Hughes, and plother of
James J., Kate and Jennie Hughes and Mrs.
Joseph Verheyan, a native 'of County Gal-
way, Ireland, aged 52 years.'! (Boston and"
Pittsburg papers please copy.) .....
tCT" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
. fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late resl-
donce, 166 Tehama street, thence tc St Pat-
rick's Church, where' a solemn requiem high
mass will be celebrated for the repose of her
soul, commencing at 9 o'clock. Ihtennent Holy
Cross Cemetery. V ;,"¦ ' '
JACKSON— In this city, April 17, 1901, Jacob
G., husband of Mrs. Elvenia D. Jackson,
father of Mrs. Henry Krebs. and- grandfather
of Clarence E. de Camp, Caslmir J. 'Wood,
¦ Mrs ¦ F. A. Wakerley and Miss E.lvenia J.
and Jacob Green Jackson Jr., a native of St
Johnsbury. Vt. , * aged 84 years, - - • •
lETFuneral services will be held at. the
First Unitarian Church, corner of Geary and
Franklin streets, at 11:30 o'clock this . day
(Friday). -Interment private. . .. ¦:
JUDGE— In' this city, April 18, 1901. Frank. W.
Judge, husband of Julia Judge,- and beloved
father of Kate G,. .and May Judge, a native
cf Mayo, Ireland, aged 60 years. . '*- "
E7"The funeral will take place " to-morrow
(Saturday), from his late residence, 95 Silver
street, thence to St. Rose's Church, where a
solemn requiem- high mass. will be celebrated
for the repose of his soul, commencing, at 9
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery. : ¦
LANE — In : East Oakland, April 18, 1901,. Jacob
Cooper Lane, husband of Nellie C. Lane,- and
brother of Dr. L. C. Lane of Lane Hospi-
tal, ased 49 years. ' ' ¦-
LE FKVRE— In this city, April 16. 1901, Lot-
¦ tie Le ¦ Fevre, dearly beloved dauehter. of
Mrs. Mary ' and Gus Le Fevre, • and beloved
sister of Mrs. William A. Rowland, a na-
tive of Albion, Mendocino County, Cal., aged
12 years 8 months and 15 days. (Fort Bragg
papers pleasa copy.) ','¦•¦¦ .¦:...
(E7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the -funenil services,
to be held at"G. Iaccheri's undertaking par-
lors, 629 Broadway, Sunday, April 21, from
there to 'Laurel Hill -Cemetery. Services, at
1:30 o'clock. - -.- . ,..--...-•
LEOPOLD— In this city, April 16, 1901, Her-
man Leopold, a native of Missouri, aged 60
years. ¦¦•¦ '¦•'.'. --»• > • •
Cy Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), : at '8~ o'clock, from the parlors, of
j. -C. O'Connor & Co., 767 Mission street,
thence to Old St. Mary's • College, .Mission
road where a requiem high mass will be
celebrated for the repose of his soul, . com-
. menclr.g at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
LYNCH— In this city, April IS, 1901. Michael,
beloved" son of John and the late Mary
Lynch, and ' brother ' of Hannah,- Ellen and
Mary Lynch, a native of San ' Francisco,
ared 25 years.' . . - - — > ¦ '. .
C?"Notice of funeral . hereafter. ( .
McLEAN— In this city, April 17, 1901, Zelm'a
Elizabeth, beloved daughter of John R. and
Catherine McLean, and sister of Marian M.
•McLean, a native- of San Francisco, aged 8
years and 1 month. : •-. .•
¦ r^Friends • and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the. funeral this day
(Friday), at 1 o'clock, from the family resi-
dence 1022V4 Hyde street. Interment Holy
- Cross Cemetery, by carriage.
MERK— In this city, April 18, 1901, Albert Au-
gust Merk,' beloved son of the late John and
Augusta Merk. and brother of Annie, John,
Joseph and Lillie Merk and Mrs. James
Rowe a native of Minnesota, aged 25 years
3 months and 9 days. (Minnesota papers
please copy.) '.'. > ¦ ¦
ic^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the ; funeral to-morrow
' (Saturday), at 2 o'clock, from the funeral
pariora of Charles H. Jacob & Co.. 318 Mason
street between O'Farrell and. Geary. Inter-
ment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
MERSING— In this city. April 17, 1901, John B.,
dearlv beloved husband of Helene Mersing,
and father of Mrs. C.*F. Brauer, Mrs.- L. K.
Hagenkamp, Mrs. G. ,G. Stanford, and George
J Merslngi a native of Badbergen, Germany,
aged 73 years 1 month and 3 days.
r-y FHends and acquaintances are respect-
: fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday^, at 2 o'clock, from his late rest-
dpnee 451 Devisadero street, corner of Fell.
Interment I.' O. 0. F.% Cemetery.
MOONEY— In this city, - April_ 17. 1901, Robert
Emmet Mooney, a native of San. Francisco,
atted 27 years 9 months and 22 days. -
ICTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
• f TTvidnv* "at 9:30 o'clock, from the residence
•of Frederick "O. Wallace, 2516A' Sutter street,
thence' to St. .Dominic's Church, where a re-
quiem mass :will be celebrated for the re-
pose of his soul, commencing It 10 o'clock.
Interment Mount . Calvary . Cemetery. :
MOYNIHAN— In this city, April 18, 1901. Annie
Mo^ihanT- beloved sister of Lizzie Moynihan
and MraBrompton, a native of County Lim-
pripk Ireland, ~ ajred 42 years.
at the parlors of J. C. O'Con-
nor & Co., 767 Mission street. Notice of fu-
neral hereafter. » -•
PETER— In this city. April "16, 190L • Henry
Edward, dearly beloved son of Catherine and
the late Konrad Peter, and brother of Emille
and Elise Peter, a native' of San Francisco,
- aced 26 years 2 months and, 16 days.
¦ " Peaceful be : thy silent slumber, >
Peaceful in thy grave so low..
Thou no more will. Join our number,
, . Thou no . more . our sorrows know. ; \ _
Yet again' we hope to meet i h * e - "-". : "
'• • When the : day of "life is fled. : . . ,
A -And in heaven .with joy to greet thee. .
' :¦-¦ .Where no . farewell tears ; are shed.
IC7"Friend« ; and acquaintances arerespect-
' f uliy invited ; to • attend ¦ the ¦ funeral t this : day
'¦ (Friday), > at 2. o' clock, \ from his .late -resi-
fiBNRY.tJ. GALLAGHER CO..
(Successor • to Flannagan & Gallagher.)' '
-¦•-.' DANIEL P.". DONOVAN, Mgr. - ¦-.••¦
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS,
• - 20 Fifth st; ¦', opposite- Lincoln School. -.—
"". VW Telephone South 80.'.. .. :
Eugene McGinn. - McGINN BROS.
- Funeral- Directors and Embalmers, , -
, x^31 EDDY. STREET. ->., r
Telephone South 252. .._ San Francisco.'
No Connection With Any Other House. ":i
I-,- . - ;¦ aica uoy, <fc co;.- :;|
FUNERAL 1 : DIRECTORS *& EMBALMERS. I
1239 Market St.," between 8th and 9th.-' I
. ¦ .Telephone South 247. 1BURNETT PRIMARY SCHOOL,
DAMAGED BY FIR.3 OF MIS
-•TERIOUS ORIGIN.", '¦
Nellie Davids, a well-dressed, middle
aged woman, was arrested yesterday by
Detectives Harper and Armstrong and
locked in "the tanks." To-day several
charges of grand larceny will be recorded
against her.
According to the police Mrs. Davids,
who claims to be the wife of Frank Da
vids, at present engaged in looking out for
the financial interests of Al Neil, the local
pugilist, at Hot Springs. Ark.. Is an adept
thief. Her scheme Is to visit a house on
the pretext of being anxious to rent fur
nished apartments, and after gaining tho
confidence of the mistress of the place
steal anything of value. She also repre
sents herself as a fortune teller and palmist
of renown when necessary to gain admit
tance to a house that she Intends to rob.
Among the woman's victims are A. C
Walker of 2*72 Market street and Mrs.
Saphos of 1691 Geary street. By pretend
ing that she was in search of furnished
rooms Mrs. Davids gained admittance to
the residence of Mr. Walker and stole.
several articles of jewelry, valued at $100.
To Mrs. Saphos she represented that sha
was a fortune teller, whose fame had ex
tended from one end of the globe to tho
other. After gaining Mrs. Saphos* con
fidence she purloined jewelrv valued .at
several hundred dollars. Shortly after
she had left Mrs. Saphos missed her jew
elry, and suspecting that her strange vis
itor had stolen it lost no time in notifying
Captain of Detectives Seymour. The lat
ter detailed Detectives Harper and Arm
strong on the case, but It was not until
yesterday that they located tho daring fe
male thief. She was found on Market
street and at ence removed to the City
Prison.
In her possession was found several
pieces of Jewslry which she had stolen
from the residence of Mr. Walker. It Is
claimed by the police that Mrs. Davids Is
also wanted In Stockton and Sacramento
for robbing unsuspecting housewives of
their Jewelry.
Nellie Davids Accused
of Stealing Costly
Jewelry.
WOMAN BURGLAR
HELD IN TANKS
Delightful Ocean Trips.
Steamers Santa Rosa and Queen sailing
every ' Sunday and \ Wednesday for San
Diego", stopping only at Santa Barbara
and Los Angeles ports.'.- Improved service,
low. rates. Pacific Coast Steamship Co>,
office 4 New .Montgomery street, under
Palace Hotel., , ..
the evidence of witness Black.' Glaze
stated • that Black • had ; been»*alschar ged
from - the . hotel and . had not resigned.
Clerk Heany of the Windsor Hotel,-how
ever, testified that Black had informed
him of his resignation. •,•-'.¦« • -
E. A. Calisher, C. Merchant. Miss Tillie
Wilson. George L. Deal and Detective
McMahon ¦ were call ed - In rebuttal by - the
prosccution^to contradict "evidence given
for the defense. :
W ith the announcement that all the tes
timony '.was .^presented-* Judge - Dunne . ad
journed the' hearing -until this morning
at 9:30 after admonjshing counsel" that the
cace must go to the Jury this evening, v
JOSEPH . ABRAHAMS . . •
TURNS ON THE GAS
Aged Invalid Found .. Dead in His
Room, the Victim of an
Accident.
Joseph Abrahams of S23 Polk street was
found dead in bed at a quarter of 7 o'clock
yesterday morning by Mrs. Gruman. one
of , his daughters. The ; gas was turned
on : and the room was full of the poison
ous fumes. . , , . .
Mr. Abrahams was 78 years old and had
been an invalid for- some time. He-suf
fered; a? stroke -of paralysis last Decem
ber, since which ..time he has been very
feeble and helpless. It has been the prac
tice to leave, the gas burning in his rcom
all night. It is said by. his relatives that
he;must"have attempted., to .turn It off
when he arose : in ' the •morning, and that
owing to his feeble and nervous condition
ho accidentally turnedtit on again;
¦ -¦ Mr. Abrahams ¦-¦' was ¦ a . •. widower -' and
leaves' . four- children— Mrs. > Asch/ Mrs.
Sarah Gruman, Marx Abrahams and Si
mon Abrahams. • .."¦
pilot and; doctor 3
: . .:,'..- . , win their cases
Testimony, Shows Discrimination by
Customs Inspectors and That
¦ Accused Were Innocent.
The- cases of Dr: George C. McDonald
and Pilot \ Charles T. Korts were heard
yesterday -before United States .Court
Commissioner Heacock. VThe charge
against . t#s\< doctor .was 'boarding the
British ship Saint "Bede against the
orders of Customs Inspector Hans Meier,
and that against the pilot was interfer
ing with the inspector in the discharge of
his -duties. ¦ The * evidence was that the
doctor did not board the ship, but merely
stood on the ladder at the rail, and that
Kortz, instead of demanding that the doc
tor should be allowed to board the. vessel,
had' shouted to the doctor that 'he could
not come on board. It was shown also. that
Daniel O'Callaghan was allowed to go. on
beard and remained there an hour before
Dr. .McDonald made his appearance. >
Both cases were dismissed after Attor
neys Pohll and Frank had submitted
their evidence. .
The transport Warren came off Hunters
Point drydock yesterday and docked at
Folsom-street wharf. Before being taken
off the drydock there was an accident, in
which two men were badly injured, sev
eral received, slight wounds and the 7C0
workmen aboard got a scare they will not
forget in a hurry. The big transport was
ready to be taken out of the dock and the
water to float her was being let in. The
bow rose before the stern, and the blocks
slipping from under the latter the steam
ship gave a lurch and the next .instant
went over to-starboard. She partially re
covered herself and then went over again
to an angle of 45 degrees,: and. remained
in that position for a half-hour. '
"When the "Warren gave her first. plunge
a connecting rod *broke loose and pinned
Aaron Astill, an electrician, to the side of
the ship, breaking his ankle. The main
binder also broke loose and struck Ben
Hall, a bollerrr.aker, crushing his hip.
Several men were knocked off the cylinder
head and received scalp wounds. After
the second lurch it did not take five min
utes t<J clear the ship, nnd some of the
bollermakers and machinists did not stop
running until they were safe among the
hills. -Over 400 of > them refused to make
the trip down the bay on the vessel and
walked in from Hunters Point. The War
ren was not damaged.
Transport "Warren Goes
on Her Beam Ends
in DrydoclL
PANIC ABOARD
LURCHING SHIP
An earnest appeal is" made to citizens to
decorate their places of - business and
homes in honor of President McKinley,
who will be here next month. The follow
ing call to the people was issued yester
day by the committee on decoration,
which is composed of A. Sbarboro. chair
man: Charles R, Allen. P. J. Currier. L.
R. Mead. Paris Kllburn and Thomas J.
Welsh:
The President win be here on May II ac
companied by his Cabinet and many officials,
including United States Senators, Congressmen.
p£?s™!lh™wor d .£ UnSUt8he<1 P * r8On3 frOM * } \
.v?*" 1 . 1 }* 'J 18 w ** k of th « President's 8tty In
this city thousands of people will flock hither
to witness the launching of the Ohio, which
will be unquestionably another Rlory for our
city an honor to the officers of the Union IroA
ysorks and a credit to the unexcelled skill of
the mechanics of San Francisco.
This is th% first time In the history of our
city that .*.•* Mil have had the pleasure of en-
JoylnR the precoace of the President with hla
Cabinet and so many Government officials.
...The decorating committee will attend to the
Illumination by electric lights of some of the
principal streets of the city, but we rely upon
the patriotism of the residents of San Fran
cisco to tastefully decorate each his own prem
ises and Rive our visitors California's pro
verbially waim welcome.
Let '"Old Glory," the emblem of one of the
greatest -and • most progressive nations on
earth wave from every housetop durin* Presl
aentlal week.
The following additional subscriptions
were received by the executive council of
finance yesterday: .<
r^ 1^** 0 }™™'^ P^Pa-nr. «00;~Balfour.
Guthrie & Co., »1QO; Southern Pacific Milllnr
Company. 1100: Haas Bro 8 ..*l00; Tillman & Bin*
deI «'» 50 : J - V A - Folder. $30; Sperry Flour Com
pany, $o0: Nathan, Dohrmann & Co.. $50- Se
curity Savings Bank. $50; Pacific Oil and Lead
\Jorka. $25; Koshland & Co.. $23: Parrott &
Co., $25; JayvLugsdin. $25; Hind. Rolph & Co..
S25; Meyer, Wilson & Co.. $25; W. R. Grace.
J25: Hooper & Jennings. $25; Western Commer-
. c ?l 5 om T Pa^ y ', $25: Stockton Milim* Company.
$2a; H.-N. Cook Belting Company, $25; Gorham
Rubber Company, $25; Waterhouse & Lester.
$25.: Meese, Gottfried & Co.. $25; Blake Moffltt
& Towne. $25; R, D. Hume, $25: Tatum &
Bowen,. $23; Madison & Burke. $25: Cunning
ham. Ourtlss & Welch. $25; W. M. Pierson $25.
Total. $1150. -
.The committee of the Union League
Club which has in charge the club ban
quet to President McKinley. met yester
day- and .made • arrangements with th«
Palace Hotel people to give the banquet
in the maple room just after the launch
\ ns of- the • Ohio:, It is expected that at
least 300. guests, will be present and these,
with the exception of the presidential
party, will all be members of the club.
Earnest "Appeal Made to
Citizens to Honor
McKinley.
WILL DECORATE
THEIR HOUSES
The case for prosecution and defense
closed yesterday in the trial of Robert E.
Glaze on the charge of havin", willfully
murdered his partner, William Trewhella,
at the Windsor Hotel on January 14 last..
Glaze was under cross-examination for
two hours, and the prosecution submitted
the defendant to a rigid examination. In
answer to questions by District Attorney
Byington, Glaze told of his business deal-
Ings with his partner. Trewhella. He re
peated the story of alleged threats made
by Trewhella to kill the defendant, and
admitted that on all the occasions when
Trewhella made the alleged threats he.
the witness, had a loaded revolver in his
pocket.
Impeach Aron's Testimony.
Glaze stated on cross-examination. that
the various alleged threats of Trewhella
made no ill-feeling on his part toward his
partner. He stated that on each occasion
that Trewhella had made the alleged
threats he. the witness, had tried to paci
fy Trewhella. - • \ ¦ -
Coming down to the day of the shoot
ing. Glare testified that he had gone down
town on business, and had also gone to a
gunstore to purchase cartridges for the
revolver he always carried. .- . ...
Glaze again detailed his doings on the
day of the shooting, and told how he had
gone to look for his partner in the after
noon tn order to pet him to sign certain
papers, and that on entering the old bak
ery of the hotel, Trewhella had entered by
the opposite door and with a threat had
told the witness he would kill him. Glaze
repeated the same testimony as given yes
terday of the way in which he pulled his
pistol and fired, thinking his life was in
danger. ¦ ¦ . -
Glaze stated that on .the morning of the
shooting Trewhella had made threats to
kill him and had placed his hand on a big
butcher's cleaver, but that he, Glaze,, had
walked away, although at the time he had
a loaded pistol in his possession. 'The
cross-examination of Glaze did not pro
duce anything different to the story he
had told on direct examination. •
A number of witnesses were called .by
the prosecution <to impeach the testimony
of the witness Aron, who claimed that
Trewhella had made threats to kill Glaze
because he had paid a business account.
All the witnesses stated that Aron was
not to be believed under oath and that his
reputation was bad as regarded truth. '
F. M. Black was called by the prosecu
tion to testify to threats made by Glaze
against Trewhella on various occasions.
Ah Jim, a Chinese cook, testified to see
ing Trewhella and the bellboy, O'Connor,
near the table in the kitchen on the day
of the shooting. - The witness testified
that he was close to Trewhella and O'Con
nor before the shooting, but did not hear
Trewhella say anything previous , to the
shots beinc fired. . \ -
Mrs. Trewhella, widow, of the man killed
by Glaze, was called by the prosecution
and contradicted the evidence given by
Mrs. Glaze as to the trouble on the night
of January 13 at the .Windsor Hotel." Mrs.
Trewhella stated that Mrs. Glaze came
to her rooms in an intoxicated state and
created a scene, and that Mr. Trewhella
had grntly placed his hand? on her and
asked her to leave the rooms.
Blind Witness for Prosecution.
Mrs. Williams, the blind mother of Mrs.
Trewhella. was • led to the witness stand
and' corroborated the evidence of her
daughter. . Sympathy wns aroused when
tho witness in a trembling voice " said :;¦¦ >
"I am SO years old and have not come
here to tell a lie."* . , '., v.
The witness in an emotional manner
sold that she had never heard Trewhella
use vulgar language and that* he : did riot
drink. • , . ..-••"¦..
Glaze was' called to the stand 'by "his
counsel for the purpose ' of contradicting
TRIAL OF GLAZE
NEARS ITS END
Pathetic Scene Occurs
When Blind Witness
Testifies.;
A letter has been written by Secretary
of State Curry that is Interesting the un
derwriters of this city and will concern all
foreign corporations that intend *o engage
in business in this State. The letter was
received by Baggs & Stovel and was
called out by correspondence concerning
the addition of three foreign insurance
corporations. At the, last session of the
Legislature a law was enacted that was
devised to affect principally the numerous
oil companies in the State that were go
ing to Arizona to incorporate, and it was
calculated to bring the State a consider
able sum In money for fees for filing pa
pers at Sacramento relating to incorpora
tion, such fees to be paid to the Secretary
of; State. In his letter Secretary of State
Curry says to the underwriters:
My construction of the law Is that all for
eign cnrDoratlons dolns business in the State
that. have failed to comply with the regulations
requiring foreign corporations to file in this
ofnee a deslgnaticn of agent prior to the pas
sage of the act requiring them to file certi
fied copies of their articles of incorporation
must comply with the act approved March 8.
1901. and pay therefor the same fees as do cor
poratiens formed under the laws of this State.
In other words. I do not understand that th*
prwisiens of section 3 of the act. approved
March s. 1901, should be construed that foreign
corporations . have forty days in which to file
their designation of agent, hut that the mean
ing is that they must comply with the act In
relation to foreign corporations.
The law has set up a scale of fees for
filing the articles of Incorporation of for
eign corporations, which range from $15 to
$150, the latter fee being for a company
having a capital of more than 11,000.000.
Air trusts that come hereafter to the
State and all large corporations from
abroad, organized under the laws of New
Jersey or any other locality favored by in
corporatorc. that wish to begin in the fu
ture to do business tn California will have
to pay a fee under the new law. The ag
gregate of these fees will be quite large
In the course of a year.
Underwriters Get Letter,
From Secretary
of State.
NEW LAW CALLS
FOR MORE FEES
tramps and others from the building. But
when the firemen reached the place last
night there was no evidence that any one
had been in the building. Mrs. Kelly, the
recently appointed janitress, declares that
she did not remove any ashes from the
stoves in the building yesterday after
noon. . The barrels ¦ in which the ashes
should have been placed are situated us
ually some distance from the place where
the fire apparently originated. An inves
tigation into the matter is now being con
ducted by Fire Marshal Towe. ' '
Burnett School was built in the 'latter
partof the sixties or the early part of
the seventies, during the incumbency of
present School Director James Denman as
Superintendent of Schools. The building
was originally an eight-class building but
was later, transformed into a twelve-class
schoolhouse owing to. the demands *f in
creasing population. Since then its scope
has been extended by the renting of out
side classrooms. . :
v After over thirty years of usefulness, the
building has outgrown its original pur
poses. There has been an' agitation on
foot through many successive Boards of
Education to replace the ancient struc
ture with one built on more modern ideas
All these efforts have failed through "dol
lar limits" and other causes. Six hun
dred children are crowded into rooms de
signed for less than half that number.
At the reauest of Mrs. . Kincaid, School
Director Benman signed an authorization
for . Principal W. W. Stone to have the
damage to the building repaired at an ex
pense of $50.
AFIRE neculiar at least in its or
• igin occurred shortly before 7
o'clock yesterday morning in the
Burnett Primary School, at Four,
teenth . avenue, near_. Railroad
avenue south: A few minutes before the
alarm was turned in Mrs. Franks, who
resides in the neighborhood, saw smoke
coming out of the school building. Other
residents in the neighborhood also saw
the signs of fire and an alarm was quickly
turned in. ¦ , •
No time was lost in extinguishing the
incipient blaze. Its origin was traced to
a room in the basement, -where the coal
is stored and the garbage barrels are lo
cated. The fire ate its way through the
partitions to the upper floor, entailing a
damage estimated not to exceed $50. The
alarm spread consternation through the
district, and out of 600 pupils attending
the school only 100 were present when the
roll was called in the morning. ¦" ., .
All kinds of conjectures are being ad
vanced sfe to the origin of the'fire. Dur
ing the afternoon the only fires j used in
the building were those needed for heat
ing -water for luncheon. These fires were
not disturbed until several hours after
the school had closed for the day, so that
the coals in all the stoves had ample time
to 'cool.
On several previous occasions the po
lice attached to the South San Francisco
police station' have been called to eject
THE SAN yFRANCISCO^ CALIi, FRIDAY, APRIL r. 19, 1901.
Ancient Building Which Has Long Furnished Sleeping Quarters for Tramps
Narrowly Escapes Destruction by Flames, the Cause of Which Has Not
Yet Been Fathomed—Presence of Fire Spreatis Consternation in District
MYSTERY SURROUNDS THE ORIGIN
OF FIRE IN THE BURNETT SCHOOL
12
stomach IS
PvPJI B »>>H terror of lard-ma.de Q
K§&a(£-jl9§3ffL Pt fcS > ¦ . . . miff
"-I 1 " 1 "* 1 W«U:«w, Impowncf and th«Jr
olllert DUord»ra. Hoot on Diveiurs ol Men, Uf.
9to!dally:6:»to A. JOpt'r^. Sund.ir^. 10 lr> 12. Consul-
Utlon free and ftucrertly con adenilal. C»n or ftddracs
P. KO8COE 2I«XIH.TY, M.D.
SC>| licarny HU San FraneUe% Csl-
fl^tk Scotch fabrics have their
Pllll ' - * . inning to-day; you know,
Y^a^ those good; reliable, sturdy,
xdwSlS&^feiQeik. can' t-w ear- out Scotches.
MiS^^fl^^ Opposite we picture one,
W^^W'^^% \xf*f 7itaoZe for chaps beticeen
&^^^MaYa ie a * es ° f 9 an & 1 vea™,
Wfe^te^^^^^ra^l^ built with the broad inili-
tar y shoulders, all-wool
Scotches. If you paid $5
/^Mmy/'^^^^^^.^M^^^ f or a ' sio^ we couldn't give
awmnS^m^''^^^^^^ V 010 anything to wear bet-
1e-r t and you know what
fM^^^^^^^^P^ Raphael's say is so. The
\Mi^^^>^^^ patterns are handsome;
¦ /''i^SasK*^^^^^^^ a^ Scotch patterns are;
Mfii $5*1® p|f Z7Z/ V r etty plaids; no end
Is Hi I ilf These suits* will be on
Spicy Values for Spicy Styles.
O ¦!"I"I i '!"l"I"M"I > 'X it i"!"l"!"!"! M l"l"l"l"l"l"I"l' •!"I" > !"!"I"I"!"I"!"!"I"'!"! M ! ii ! <i !"! ii I ii I"!"! ii !"I"!"! > ©
That smart little Suit *J
you see "pictured opposite, [Il^^sPs?^ t
with its Vest, in Scotch fa- //i/fffjfi.^S^^^^^MU
brics; the same in plain u I l!M^^^^^M^M\
co 7 ori7igs; a, bewi'derin-s (J0$0*_ T^^~y0fB§^ i ! ll
assortment, made in every (|^^^§|fe§^s©^'|/
conceivable style, and, you |B'^^^ife^^^S||||feSf//
know, made as Raphael's I t^^^jttSS^Ii^i®/
make 'em, no better at any '»lffi^®ffil^l mW&
vrice, for little chaps be- W^^^^^MlQi
tween the ales of 3 and 8. Iff i|||^^Sffli /// V
No end of'emiopicbfroin. . ' lW|p|^Hf' W ' / '
Scotches Have J
Their Inning.
The Name of Raphael's Is Coupled to All' ThatlTIrSc!
o-i-i-i-i-i-i-i i ; : i : i : i .i-M-i-i"! i : 1 1 1 : i : .m-m-m..;, :¦ : : ; i .; ¦i-:..i-.i»i..i..i i o
Scotch SaiJ ors, and what
a Vrztty lot of jaunty sai l-
>^^S^^Pf^^SlM ° rS ' in Scoicl1 faorics, in
le Scotch heather jnix-
lures— greenish, pearl, Ox-
ford fray. To make the
fewS^f line unusually attractive
WstWf u ' c llctVG added, some blue
HI fei S< >lj your pick of a jiy of these
HI smart little sailors at
9 -i-i-i-i--! -i i •: 'i m 'M i ¦: n i-i-i ¦! i m m m i : i n n :¦ i-k-i-v m : ;»i..;. •
Prices Are Immutable— —Values Speak.
• -H-1.-H-H-I-H M'a I I"I-M;M I I-H-I I ¦! I I I I I I M-f'M 1 I I I I I I II I U*
You want to keep in J-?=4L ((S^^S4
mind our. Wash Fab-
Lines complete to- "^l^^J^iS^
handsome styles in "^^m^^^^M^
Send your name a/id> ad-
0^1..;..I..I..1..I..H"1"1"I-1-: : I I ! I I I Mil I H-H-I'M I I II M I ¦I-_I"l-l"-I"I"l"I-I»X-j^
*€ Incorporated m '^n 5qvaj?e Avc
AS^iTESTISEMENTS.
AD VERTISEMEUTS.
K||?j Chaintess. $60 ttacer .... $50 f?-:]
p|| Xight Roadster. $40 Roadster. .$35 MM
Watch our ads - they win to J you what is most stylish f .. "^^fc^sL
to wear. V. . ('iffi^Wz
r - The summer attire for juveniles is very /yOOL^Cv^^lJ
Jainty, and. the styles were never more be- /j// |f J*V\* i; «'
coming. Long waists and short skirts are (J[J fX'^-^j&w
now the mode. Little girls from "3 to 6 years I
of age wear .their skirts to just cover the ffrfl I
knees, and even for the babies of one and 1
two years dresses have greatly decreased in |
ength. The always popular sailor suit is as tr * j d
fashionable as ever. Guimpe Frocks, Russian and French j |
Jresses will be principally worn this summer. '¦ |
I , !.We are anxious that parents should know what I
I Dreparatiou we have made in order to meet every clothing
I want of childhood. We have imported many beautiful
I Jresses and have manufactured a large number — both
I plain and elaborate.
I '•', .-. We assure you that it is here' where, you can dress the
I child tastefully and stylishly — yet inexpensively.
1 -lill(Pi%v We mention styles and prices of a
I fevv from our vast assortment :
WE^^W . SAILOR SUITS
1 ~ *" ~r*l\ . a de' of .'grass linen, trimmed 0 I Pft
I Vra*»*Z^0»y wuh band of white pique and \l nil
£>^PiSPiL<> fanc y colored braid .' sizes 4 to 12 l0llUU
C ! UIMPE D5^ESSES
l^^pt^[tO^yN Made of imported zephyrs and ginghams; re-
nipt n^®Ssiii5
|/P^*^lWi I CMld ' s Shaker Bonnets! „ i
M^^rOi- \ ' VI Made of im P<>rted batiste; col- J A _
M&&%d? Tk* :: | MP • ors P ink > blue and white; regu- /f_l| 0
/^l^^^'^lF ... ... "•C-',;i-,----^ I
<^ ' - L |_ tfllf fi { IHIIW
i|| f3j Makers of Ladies', Children's and Infants' |
\1 \\ 9I8"922 MARKET STREETi powe!i e &Eni«. I
.1 7 s l'-'-I % £••?•*'> Country Orders Solicited. . I 3