The exceptional officer in question Is Os
car W.' ; Farenholt, who Is ".unique , In our
navy, j There was - a somewhat \ similar
cam - a«v«ral years ago; when, i in. UOS. J.
was .withdrawn from active service and
placed on the- retired list who is a re
markable exception to this rigid rule. He
Is a> man of foreign parentage, who has
ilaeiy.atep by stepy from, the lowly grade
Of »e&man,to the rank of rear admiral,
the highest rank attainable by American
naval officers, except in such cases as
those of Farrasut, Porter and Dewey, for
whose especial benefit," as * a reward* for
distinguished public services,: the grade
pf.full admiral. has been successively.cre
ated," to expire, however, with the, death
of the incumbent. ¦ U
The navy of the United States is not
able for the fact that, according to ex
isting law, there Is no promotion from th*
ranka to an officer's commission. In th*
army many promotions from the ranks
take place every year, but no one can be
come a commissioned officer in the line
of the navy without graduating from An
napolis. True, there are still a few of^"
fleers in the service who were transferred
from the volunteer to the regular estab
lishment at the close of the. civil war.
But these entered the volunteer navy, not
as enlisted men, but . as officers— they
have always. been officers. .
,On September t last, bowevir, an 'officer
the 'light of whaFTarerihoIt fau done, the
tar's ambitions are awakened.
THERE'S hope ahead for the jack
tar. He may be rear admiral yet.
Farenholt has done it.
Seaman and rear admiral — those
were the chores of an uncrossed
gvli until Farenholt, the Norwegian eail
crnMLn. performed the miracle. Forty
years ago be started out In life wearing
the blue blouse of the common seaman;
and this month he retires frcm active ser
vice, having won the big buttons ' and
cpsulettes of rear-admiralty. -
There's hope ahead for the jack tar.
He has been used to look upon himself
\ SJ! once & eallor always a, sailor. He has
yb'een eatlEfled, to be cure. He has, for
that very reason, been known as the Jolly
tar. Those days are ovvr for him. For In
IC-Wlnn *was~retifed as a commander. Ho,
too. flVat entered the service as an enlisted
man aijd : served as such ; for-/ eleven"
-months,; but his case was "' quite ' different
from Farenholfs, not only because be
retiched . no further than commander but .
for other reasons. " .- * v. •
¦¦'• Farenholt, "with the exception' of Wlnn,
was the only man to achieve r the peculiar "
distinction of -'obtaining a- commission
from the enlisted ranks. All the -other,
line "officers, of the >Wvy, entered as; offl
"cers. His experience was. the result. of. a
remarkably brilliant .war record/combined
with, ; recognition, of his cqnduct by his su
•perlors. '•,*¦." "'";"- :: : rr. ¦' ¦.'¦-'•~,'c-'
. Born lii ; Texas, . of Scandinavian par- ' i
entfl. 'Farenholt. who had . been a sailor -'
from boyhood, at tHcr- outbreaks of . the
Civil War decided to cast his lot with the
North,. "and on Aprils 21,' ISO.,' almost as*
soon, indeed, as F6rt ; Sumter ;ha'd; been
flrod upon,' enlisted as a common seaman
in the j United Spates ?' nayy. Of sturdy,
build, .; he was -.a likely jacik" . 'tar, but , no
rnore .so, apparently; than , thousands of
dthers/T' He; - c was /.\ friendless,-^ i obscure. •
Speaking- with a -strong foreign., accent,
he was glven £ 'even.iess- consideration than
if. hc_ had been ' a : ty-pleafYankee of r the
'Gloutbster... fishermen'..? of New Bedford
.whaler class. -1 v -^.v . :-,
%. But '-he ¦.'soon . ehowed that he had. -the
stuff; of which old yikings were made.
Being '..''Immediately, drafted to. the .b'g
steam -frigate Wabcsh., at that period re-r
garded as one of the finest '.and Jmost.
fprni|dable war vessels aflont, he.^soon
founVJ himself attached to *the North At
lcntic blockading: squadron off the Caro
lina, coasts,. and the dull moments became**
ecorce^y He had' fighting galore. On.board
the/,Wabash he j took' part jn the attacks
on : Forts Hattefas- and -Pulaski, and '*ln
the .battle^ff Port Royal. -He also was a
membef v of t every one of the boat'e'xpedU
'tlona, .and they-, wore .nsany, whicli the
Wabash' ,sent-J.QUt on -various. jmiasions
during' 'l861 and 1SB2. His gallantry . was
always conspicuous.;'". .¦ ! . . • ¦
But he could not T always escape un-
Bcathed from these many hazardous ex
periences, ana finally "on *ohe Hf , tnese* ex-''
podltlcns; which' landed four- howitzers to
assist • in'! : cbverinjr r " the " ' retreat of > the
army at;Pocotailgo,;N. C. f '.h"e ,'was '^'eyefe
ly wounded. .-_ After, the '.. engagement he,
was brought back to- ljis-,3hip, and : thence^,
transferred to the New .York: Naval :Hfib}^
pltal, where he , lay a s !on$ whije disablejjl.
Upon his recovery lie /was'-hohbrably ' dis"
charged ; from ". the ' na yy^-^but ** as . soon as
his health was \ well restored,* In Febru
ary, 1863, his appetite for ¦ war whetted
rather than ¦ lessened by his hard , experi
ence, _ "..he .•"re'-enllsited . and was- promptly
again sent to the front, where the hard
est kind of fighting was the order of the
day.^ : •-.':.;" ".. , .'. ¦¦ ¦'" >'.;• : ''-^-S' ' 1';. .'; ...;.-.
; This. time, he was assigned to the monl-
tor" Catskill, and\on' this doughty little
Ironclad he took . part in- air the | engage
ments Charleston, S. G.~, during
the 'balance\of .1863 'and the 'early part of :
1861. '•.'.'. ;,' '.-' i-. . ', •....-¦ ..;
, On K August^ lTf; J863, , he exhibited the
heroism which, combined j with his jj pre
vious excellent record, won for. him his
commission . and j opened . up -" the" '
which has' Just clq3ed in honorable retire
ment with 'the 'highest rank and good pay'
for life ?"v-\ :: -l-": : '--.-"'-'-'"'-^.''-;'i."- i ':
-On. that daj^." the Catsklil was actively
engaged with the formidable" forts and
batteries -of Charleston harbor. I Getting
close In, she was. soon the If a vored target
of 'a' terrible.' converging- fire. .Farenholt
was at the- wheel and,, although . shx>t,
.shell and shrapnel ._'. were hurtling and
bursting all about him. he continued to
steer-as coolly as^, though "doing his
'trick"' oif v a "peaceful I sea. Commander
George *W: Rodgers, one of the navy's
most gallant officers, and Paymaster Xv
C. Woodbury, who, was acting as his aid,
were both killed by Farenholfs side, but
he' continued unmoved at his post of duty
and steered tho vessel to safety when sbe
was withdrawn*. ' : - v ¦ ¦ ¦;-<
His conduct on this occasion was »©
conspicuously meritorious that it' attract
ed';"-the attention of the higher,, officer a,
and,' : . strong as la .the sentiment In .the
.navy against the .forecastle "Invading the-
Tra'v<ir6om, i *en'brts were Inaugurated to, re-.
Vard him suitably for his • behavior . in
gucfi a trying time. He' added still more
.Ulster --to his- record . in , the , following
month. '(September, 18S3), when he was a -
member ; bf the disastrous storming party",
which -the : ; fleet landed ' to " assault Fort
Surnter;, Here.; too, he distinguished him
self by his gallantry. ' . , .'
.-."Chief, among ¦those. ¦ who appreciated
Farenholt's mettle ¦ was ' Captain.' aft4»r- '
ward 'Rear- Admiral, Daniel -Ammen. who',
commanded a division 'of the. . blockading ;
fleet* oft f "tlie^'coastyof '? South'. Caroiink.1
Ammen;' by?. the -.way; •' was " a ; "warm r/ar-.
sepal friend 'Vandsboyhobd's. playmate of-
General _Ulysses ;S.^Grant,/- having. '--oiiee ;
caved the.: latter's llfe'J frpm drowning
when : both- boys Were "in -swimming 1 in -
bhio.-/\y- : 7 "J... •'¦¦<' •-I.'-", k^.''- t
Aided- by "Ammen's Influence '"and the.
recommendations of others j Farenholt In ¦
August,' 1S64; was appointed an acting en*
sign. -.'-He-j was now- an officer, and his
first duty as such was the command of
the ordnance schooner Henry James. His. 1
fighting was not by any means over, and I
before the clo3t> of the war he participated
In seyeral more pharp engagements, nota
bly In the Chowcn and Black Water riv
ers and the battle an J capture of Fort
Fisher by the combined military and
naval 'forces, in January, 1865. ,.,. ...
As a result of his fine war. record-Faren
holt was .selected as one of the volunteer
officers. to be retained permanently, in the'
navy, and on March . 12, • 1868, Rafter passing .
an .examination, he .was commissioned an
ensign: In the regular establishment,
r .From that time; on he has passed suc
cessively by strict seniority through all
the intermediate grades up to and Inclu
sive dt that of captain, .which waa his lasf'
rank. on, the active list- He reached the
grade of rear admiral on the - day of his
retirement by", virtue, of the law passed
two years ago, which permitted officers
Finally In 1S82 he was assigned to duty
on the old steam . frigate Wabash, • the
same vessel upon ¦which he saw hist first
naval service as a seaman in the stirring
days two . decades previously. Ea re
mained on the old Wabash, which had
ended her active days and been converted
into a receiving ship at .Boston, 'until 1SSO,
except for about one. year, when he was
attached to the •' steam sloop-cf-war
Swatara on the Xorth Atlantic station.
• Most of his- later years have been spent
on the Pacific Coast. He commanded th©
gunboat Pinta in.Sltka, Alaska, for a
couple'-of years, and afterward served as
lighthouse inspector for the northwestern
district,, with headquarters at Portland,
Or.:,;.: zfgti '-¦ '¦ ¦ ¦ ' '
His last 'sea service, which he completed
shortlybefore'his'retirement, was In com
mand of the double-turret monitor Mcnad
nock, stationed In Manila Bay. Curiously
enough, his tlrst and last duties as an.
officer in the navy were as the command
ing officer of a vessel— the schooner Henry
James, In 1SS4, and the armorclad Monad
nock, in 1901, and both vessels were la
hostile waters, for the MonadnocU wa*
frequently under Filipino flre.
Admiral Farenholt la tall, w»U built,
and with the blonde hair and blue eyas
of the typical, Norseman. Ha Is socially
inclined, and while a L'ghthou'se Inspector
made himself quite popular with the peo
ple of Oregon and Washington. . He is
known, too, in San Francisco, having
served on a court-martial at Mara Island
not very! long ago, prior to his departure
to assume command of the Monadnock.
He has a son In the navy. Passed Assist
ant Surgeon Ammen Farenholt, named
for his friend anti * benefactor, to* laX»
Rear Admiral /Ammen.'
Farenholfs. life has. been unlQua. Its
volumes are summed u; In ttis cca &)•>•
juent sentence:
"from seaman to fear admiral."'
While' ReaY Admiral Ammen wai duet
of tr-e Bureau of Navigation durinr th«
'70s. Farenholt- received some fairly sood
details, but. as a general thins the berth»
he had drawn were undesirable. Ha
was not always wantod as a shlpmaU by
Annapolis-bred officers, for,' aside from
the prejudice against forecastle exper
ience; hl3 foreign accent was very marked,
his education was below the Naval Acad
emy standard and his manners wer» alow
In acquiring the polish desired. Many of
ficers, too, thought of numbers of enlisted
men cf their own acquaintance whoaa
heroisms had Mjeen Quite as great If not
greater than Farenholfs and their othe*
qualifications for a commission, better.
Hence Farnholt's persona! friends In the
navy have . been comparatively few. *?t«
ships have usually been storeshlps or
something' of the kind, which do not offer
ell the enjoyments or advantages of the
regular cruises. Farenholfs rather limit
ed acquaintance at first with ordnance
and other .technical subjects also mili
tated to some extent against bis assign*
merit to ships where he would ba called
upon to act as an Instructor to others.
His firit duty after the war was on" the
Email nronltor Shawnee and then at the>
Boston navy- yard. In 1S66 he was ordered
to the storeship Purveyor and In tho one
1SG7 to the _ receiving ships New
Hampshire and Ohio . and the atoreshlp
Idaho. He was bandied about with very
little, ceremony and only on two occa
sions completed a. full cruise in on» vessel.
In 1SG8-70 he served on the Aahuelo t. In
Asiatic water?, and In the latter year wag
attached to the Norfolk navy-yard, fol
lowing in . close order by duty- on the
cruiser Shenandoah, the receiving ship
Relief, the flagship . Minnesota, tho prac
tice ship Supply and In 1S73 back again to
the Norfolk navy-yard. He spent a year
there and then from. 1377 to 1379 was
placed. In charge of the naval clter depot
at Maiden, Mass. He made a full thre«
years* cruise In the -"double-enderf' gun
boat-Monocacy In Chinese - water* 'from
1879 to 1SS2. .
Farenholfs naval career since the Civil
War. however. has r.ot always led through
flowery paths. He has ever had to con
tend with a certain prejudice which ex
.'lets in trw navy against officers who are
not graduate* cf Annaj>oli3. This preju
dice hog been particularly marked In his
case owing to the fact that he did not en
ter even the valunteer service as an of
ficer, but as an enll«ted man. The social
gulf in | the navy between forward and
aft is a vast one, and naval officers wish
It to be kept impassable. The only bridge
they perm!*, and even that reluctantly. Is
an Annapolis education separating the en
listed period from the commissioned. At
one time a certain number of enlisted
naval apprentices were given appoint
ments to Annapolis, but the practice was
chort-IIved. Of the few who graduated
three are" still on the active list^-Com
mander W. P.= Bay, Lieutenant : Com
mander J. E. Holler and TV. H. H. South
'erlahd. Twx> are oh the retired llst-^-Ueu
tenants'T. G. C. Salter and Eamuel Sea
l»«ry. These, with Farenholt and Wlnn.
ore the only American n\val officers who
have- ever been enlisted men. All but
Farenholt and Wlnn graduated from An
napolis. Farenholt alone has reached the
hipnest grade in the service.
who served during the Civil War to re
tire with the rank and pay of the next
higher grade. Rear admiral la tha grada
next above captain.
FROM ORDINARY
SEAMAN
TO
DEAD ADMIRALTHE HUMAN BEAST OF BURDEN IN MEXICO
I went for a drive or a walk Intfie aft
ernoon I had my delsarte lesson and my
language , instruction, > for. .'German and
Italian as well as ; French J and: English
were necessary for grend opera. I. went
to bed at' 9 o'clock, and; so each day
passed, .with no interruptions and no
change Jn the ( programme; and I .was
never bored an-1 never found It monoton
ous. So, you fee, my ideas of amuse
ments are limited. I am fond of society
and like to read and ¦ sing and . see people,
but, I .study continually.' .You know, I
think that the best, work of .which I am
capable' has never, been brought out. : I
am anxious to sing German opera: Wag
ner is dramatic. and the music la gloriuua,
and when (5ne- feels, that' there Is, always
something before one— when each step
tells one more and more 'how much there
ia to be learned— why,' one must keep very
busy and study very constantly. And then
to rest, 'to care for one's voice and. to keep
one's nerves in proper, order is not child'g
play." .'.
.Mrs. Story, however/finds time to meet
musicians, to # end new Looks and to go
out ¦ into society occasionally, ' She also
¦ ¦ ¦ ; .'...¦ ' ¦ .
wears very lovely gowns, and hats which
are marvels of grace.
As r he presides over the tea txble sho
wears a clinging gown yellow crepe,
.with ruffles; of chiffon arranged on yok«
andBleevesi A girdle of coral velvet ia
confined ,withVa clasp of filigree gold.
' .Her gowns, while made of a3ton'.shlngly
rich and handsome materials, are all rather
simple and extremely, becoming. A recep
tion gown of ivory satin,; which, will grace
more than one smart lunction this sea
son, is ;most attractive. The skirt Is made
very full and outstanding, lined through
out with, white taffeta and finished with
a double balayeuse of pink taffeta.- Tho
bodice Js made after the Grecian style,
with no seams in the satin. Narrow bre
tellco of dead whltesilk, handsomely em
broidered with seed pearls- and small sil
ver spangles, fall from the shoulders; a
girdle of this embroidered silk finishes the
waist. The. shoulder puffs .are«of whlto
moussellne de soic over, tho satin. One of
her cloaks for street wear is long, made
of heavy black crepon cloth, ¦ lined with
heavy Lyons satin, with a deep collar and
revers of black fox. A large black fox
muff goes with thia cloak. Then there Is
a jacket of nouveau ne Pers'an Iamb,
trimmed with mink tails, and a, large muff
of mink tails to be worn with Jt.
THE lady who rushes about on a
, grand opera stage with her hair
down her , back, clad in raiment
.more gorgeous than were. the bro
cades and cloths of gold of old Solo
mon, is a very different creature In real
life. Sho usually likea beer and cold
chicken at midnight and rarely calls her
husband such, endearing names as Lucia
calls Edgardo or Faust' calls Marguerite.
Life is usually a very practical affair and
as full of work as the operatic roles are
steeped in sorrows. . • . ' . ¦
Mrs. Emma Eames-Story, one of the
mo3t beautiful and -most American mem
ber of the Grau Opera Company, which Is
to.ooen its season of . three weeks at the
Grand Opera-house on November 11* has
an exceptionally lovely home life:
Mrs. Story has remained a real Amer
ican girl despite her residence abroad.
Her fair red and white complexion, bright
blue eyes and rippJing bronze-brown hair
serve to. enhance the refinement of her
face. Built In a heroic moldand exceed
ingly tall,- with sllrn feet and tnper fin
gers, it la ho wonder that Mr, Story, who
is the eon of Julian Story, the well-known
sculptor, thought pretty Emma Eam,es the
most perfect woman he had ever met—
physically as well as mentally.
Mrs. Story's home Is In London and
there she' entertains a great deal when
not singing. She is also very fond of rid
ing and adores horses and flowers. Flow*
er cultivation. is one of her favorite pas
times, and even when in New York during
the coldest months fragrant roses nod
their gorgeous ' heads from tall glasses
placed about the rooms at her hotel. Mm.
Story Is an. ardent music lover, as Is' per
fectly, natural, and has spent much time
studying the lives of well-known ' musi
cians. She is also fond of athletics and
long walks and "rides, v • .
"But I have euch a busy life. I am on
theistage.' then I have a dinner and go for
a walk' and read a book and study— there
is time for no move— for no hobbies or ex
travagances,", rhe says, with a- laugh.
"Why, I led the Ufa of a rcllgleuBe when
I was studying In Paris. One must be an
artist or a femme du monde, and I prefer
to be an artist. In Paris I used to go to
my lesson every morning at 9 o'clock;
then came back and practiced. Sometimes
) Thus, partner leads knave of spades; C
k plays 3; B holding 10, 9, 8, 6. plays theJJ>,
( fourth hand; D wins with the ace. A to
i lead again leads the queen; C plays the
7; B plays the 9, and D trumps. Partnvr
can now read, B unblocking; sec;-nJ
hand (C) cannot have the 6 or he wquM
not have played the 7; D has no moro; I?
must have the 6, and having tho G must
also have the 10, as he played the S and
the 3 before the 6, therefore is unblockin;?
and must have held four cards exactly la
the suit. '. .>/ ¦
fohouiu partner lead a suit" headed l>y
ace. king and 4 small, and you had four
cards in his suit headed by queen, he
would know, after the second round ex
actly where the queen was in the sanvj
manner as . before, and knowing this
would make a great difference to 1.1s
hand, as he would know, when the queen
was heid by an -opponent also, by part
ner unblocking or not as the case may be
When partner leads a fourth best card
.as high as the 8 or 9 and you can road
by your own holdings'exactly what he i<--<!
f Ui™!' v. you . can BOro etimes pass the S at
third hand. As an example A leads fc of
hearts; C does not cover; B hoJdln"
queen. 10, 2 of hearts has two cards'hlKhrr
than the S. Now as partner must have
three cards higher, they must be aw
knave, 6, or king, knave, 9. There Is only
one card against, and it must be the ace
Wishing to call for trumps and also un
block play your second best card to part
ner's Uret lead and third best to the sec
ond round. For example, A and B are
partners, A leads the knave of spades, li
holds the 10, 8. 7. 2 in spades sind wishing
to call for trumps pla> s th« 8 to th»
knave, C played the 3. fourth hand wins
with the ace. A to lead again, having six
in suit, leads the queen. C plays the 9, B
plays the 7 and D trumps. Now if trumps
are out and A again leais the suit he ieaas
the kins. C discards, t5 plays the 10 and
D discards. A leads the 6, C discards, B
plays the 3 and D discards and A makes
the 5 and 4 of spades without losing thft
lead.
When holding four cards ln partner's
suit that must block, no matter how they
are played, you should still make the uu
blccfcing play for the information it con
veys to partner.
Whtn your partner by his first le-ii
shows five cards: or more in that eult you
should, holding fcur cards exactly in that
suit, begin to unbioil: at once. This con
ventionality of the game is very Import lr.t,
for besides gettir.g out of your partncr'3
way it enables him to read your -length
ln the suit and he ituuws how many times
his .suit may go arcjr.d.. This information
may be of gteui value tJ nan snouid he
hold some strength m trumps also.
When partner leads act', queen or knave
he shows five caru= at leusi in that suit,
as has already been shown, and his part
ner holding any four cards exactly ln the
eame suit should play his third best card
to the first lead on the Fccond round, If
not compelled to take (as you wouiJ be,
holding ace to the queen or knave led)
should piay second best card il u.i have
followed suit to tho first round. Now II
this suit is led <again or you should dis
card from this suit you should discard or
play the highest, retaining; the lowest card
to put your partner ln the lead again
should you obtain the lead.
n IGH-CARD leads and fourth-best
{ \ leads have revolutionized the play
I j of third-hand as well as second-
X I hand and here Is whore tho un
•• blocking- play comes in. Unblock
ing means throwing high cards that may
block partner in hi* great suit, in other
words, getting out of hin way.
To tnderplay succegsfully you must
«av« a full understanding of the sltuaTSn:
The good player will sfa the chanco to
underplay at fourth hand a* quickly Q8 at
any seat at the table, it lsa joudrul*
to never pass a trick unless you are Jure
to take two ln Mace of the one pSEcS"
Sub-echclng means telling partner by
J^JP 1 * 5^ 11 a P i aln " uIt aft " nis call for
trumps if you have exactly three trumOT
Holding exactly three trumps and of
course, not echoing to partneF's call »
you would holding four trurans! gStn"
does. not. know whether you have threh
trumps or less; he only knows you havS
not four trumps. Should vou however
echo m a plain suit (after having -I
chance to echo four trumps and not do
ing so) that tells him you nave three
ssassBsss %&Ssi Si '
ff^^^Hfes^r^sw-
Ing two trump, for one If he w?sh",? r * Wr
an^Vo^carT 011 WlU De U^ on *™»
or king, for had A both It would be a
high card lead and not a fourth best lead
therefore A's 8 will force the play of me'
card against or hold the trick. B shoul<l
P ay the 2 at third hand. Had B the
king. 10, 2, he should play the kin*, for
if partner has the ace, knave, 9, he has a
cnanco to finesso the knave on the return
or If he has tho queen, knave, 9 and
fourth hand wins with the king, with the
ace A b hand is now cleared.
Third hand play depends entirely upon
.?w ra /L k °' the 5 ard led ln conjunction
with the cards In partner'* hand and
your own card*, you must become famil
iar with tho combinations from which
fourth beet cards are led to make the
correct third-hand play. Fourth-hand
player, as a rule, plays to take the trick.
it not already won by partner, as cheaply
as possible. But there are exceptional
situations where fourth hand passes a
trick or perhapa two or thre-s tricks, on*
of which miarht have been taken. Hamil
ton says: - T rhe fourth-hand player who
thinks he mujt take every trick that
comes to him simply because he can has
much to learn and unlearn."
Trj-owing the lead conies under this
neaa, as also docs undcrptay, and a play
cr needs keen wnhit perception to know
when to pass a trick: at fourth hand,
thereby throwing the lead, or to overtake
a trick alr«ndy won by partner so as to
lead up to a tenace mar*od In partner's
hand. For example: A holds second
beat trump, guarded ence (king and eight
of hearu). tho thirteenth diamond, ace
C leads t the 7 of clubs, Q plays the S.
D playa the oiuecn, new A as fourth-hand
l-layer knows D has the. remaining
trumps in the ace and . the 10. u A
trumps the club he cannot make another
trick He should throw the , .mail Sp^d"
refusing to tako the trick. Sliould D now
lead his ace of trumps, A playg the S D
is now compelled to lead a npade and A
takes with the ace. draws the rsmatnini*
trump and makes the thirteenth diamond
When partner 13 marked with a tena e
In a suit over hla right-hand opponent
and you can over-taka a trick already
won by partner for the purpose of leadina
through the riant-band opponent this ra ?
13 « om £tlmes a trick winner, but needs
good whiat perception or will lose a trick
WHTST I
Fifth Paper on How the
Game Should Be Played.
THE HOME LIFE OF EMMA EAMES-STORY
Franc is co Whist Club.
WHTST I
By Mrs. Ado/phHess cfSan
',• " ' ' ' •*' ¦ • . f
1 The- gait of these" burden bearers consist's 'of short qulc* steps, n>K un
like the trot of a small pony. Few are able to lay it aside entirely 11 for
tune happens to cast good luck In their way. '
There la a brighter side to the carrying trade In and about the City of
Mexico which onl/ those may aea who are early risers. In th.9 morning
hours, when hundreds of Mexicans are hurrying to early mass, fruits,
flowers and vegetables are ppuriner in from prettv outlying 1 village.) and
those nestling among' the foot hills of the mountains girdling the valley. ..
From two directions coma electric freight cars— furgonea— filled with
chattering market folk with their tastefully arranged wares. Some, have
to lay the wreaths of flowers around their fiats and shoulders and let them
swing from their arms to mako room for all- Even the tops of tho fur
gones have their share.
On. certain corners of the streets. In the general markets and f.n th«
flower market, under the shadows of the gray old cathedral, the brown folk
, sell their dainty ware3. Tho frulta and vegetables find their way to ac
customed places, . In a short time, buyers present themselves. Oil each
market basket will be a of flowers, varying according to the purse
¦ presented." _'-v..\ '..- . . -: ¦¦:'; -., ¦
jfe ;2^"S sellers may be pc-or," tut fresh air and pleasant occupation stow la
their smiling faces and pita" ?•»"*»«> v ¦ • ,
UNT.IKE freight car,, human carriers in Mexico are not labeled!
"capacity so many, pounds or tons," their capacity being limited by!
the weight to.be gotten onHheir backs. Some consideration is dual
cars of wood and iron, ami a certain degree of mercy shown four
footed beasts of burden, but neither is extended to the heavily
laden men who stagger through the streets of .Mexico with every nervei
and muscle srrained to its utmost.
The carrying power of a Mexican carjrador is far greater than his lift
ing. A negro of the Southern States of America is equal to great feats,
of strength, but a large, powerful nerro would not be ablo to carry any,
distance the weight which he could lift. Yet a small peon could trot-along 1
with It for a. surprising length of time. The sarr.e man could not have
lifted the same vreig-ht with his hinds. . . ¦ ..-..-...- , >¦- ¦
Two or three men are often noeded to adjust the lorid one man Is to 1
carry. 1 once saw a carpenter's chest, full of tools; placed on' the back
of a cargador: on that was pined a valise which a sturdy American
lifted with difficulty. At first the man "could not stand under his load; but'
his compadre steadied him until the poor fellow got his tit>t. Then he ¦
kept it up for «ive blocks. For tMs he received 35 centavo*. . thrush be
begged for £0 on account cf t"*.e r^'suMe <!a-nna<? to ;:!¦> bic'v ?"* . ">
THE SUNDAY CALL.
2
perspiration burst -from h!s every pore and hie eyes were staring wide
open. No wonder Nature sometimes rebels and the victims of "man's in
humanityto man" drop In their tracks, - • ¦'-
Much of the houKehold moving In Mexico ia done by men with parl
huelas, or double-handled barrows. Two men are needed- one tor eooh pair
of handles, which they grasp with hoth hands, bearing the chief weight
on their shoulders by means of broad straps,' Bureaus/ bedsteads, all
manner of household poods are piled on ana borne from one point to an
other. • Uprtpht ptenoa are »wunp to the shoulders of four men and car
ried downstairs, through the streets and upstairs, lifted'over railing* and
handled with apparent ease.: • ¦ . •
, Some of the cargadorea are dishonest and trot to a' pawnshop with the
articles Intrusted to their care ln'tead of delivering them at the proper
plaoo. But that la a trait riot confined to Mexico, ,."•• • ._¦.••.¦-.
The value placed on the Mvo* of iauch men.ls small. Far cheaper than
machinery, they are more plentiful than horses, mules or even burroa.'
Why pay them. to make four or flvu trip* If they -can be forced' to do the
movlnp in two or. three? -> : v '-,'¦< ¦ • •¦-
Their pny ts rraall pnd unoer!^ln. After a '.few ytfarir they .have varl
core velrs— uncared for— trnmonrqiy swollen -.feet with deeply cracked heein.
No wonder few- old enrgadorcs ure ceen.- 1 . , . ' .
The. country Indian who ,(?oea with majost-ic tread over, mountains and
through valUyp to tho city. ; with a load, of hJs own ralnimy. or making
"on his sturdy shoulders, lens different -. frprh the overloaded, poorly .fed
«-itv caTter ns n tPir'}\>*hbre<i horsf.'.^nmpcr^d^and jjroomed.-rfrom a -poor
Mc'A hc <<v 'v r.rr'> >< l'l^' > o?id .h(a a r'r.-:tV!..-: !2 " :. c ••>¦••¦ ¦-.. ,GARDEN PLANTS MUST HAVE SLEEP.
IF. the n6xt time you go into your
friend's garden, he rxclalmc, "lluwh,
don't wake tho geranium*:" don't bo
KurnriKf>d natnnlvtN hip hint now
flowers and'plants and tree**. A well
known botanist who has been lnvcstigat-
Ing the causes which retard ths growth of
trees and flowers in citlcn has laid especial
.tree, upon the fact that the main reason
that they do not flourish as they do In
the country is that they are kept awake
too much-at night. The smoke and duet,
of have something: t» do with it
but one of the principal causes of their
tack of vigor is want of proper sleep.
All forms of vegetable life must, at
regular Intervals, be allowed to relapse
into a condition of repose or some radical
change will result In the form Of the
plant. A geranium cannot be out all nlgnt
wlth the larkspur and look bright and
fresh the next morning. Neither can the
Or tree neglect its proper sleep to sit up
all night with the H«h without ruining it*
lieulth tttid (trowing to look a demoralized
nnd «ll8reputuble old tree long before its
time* *» the country the trees and tho
tpntloncd shrub, the most circumspect
and otaid trees, will be kept awake by a
variety of causes; while an Immoral holly
fi£ k Mf^ a £' 8?& a«»! f^d^J 1*. 8,,?* "holt
' V«t caTs^wWcWeVpW triS-.nd
flowers awake nights the botanist .say*
that, in the flrst place, there is the matter
ot noise In all its forms and the vibration
Sg^f-piXS ift
fi,eep best away from the glare; so the
lights of a city, which shine all through
the night, must contribute to this inter
ference with vegetable sleep. Electricity,
Sh& K
seeming to make trees and flowers irritable
and nervous and to break up their constl
tution. But, above all, a plant must have
sleep; so don't wake the, geraniums or
disturb the slumbers of the sunflower.
BT is odd that the nation of all on tho
earth which stands in need of u great
*r population is the' one which puts
the most ob&taclcs in thu way of mar
riage. A while ago a workman «.ced 30
wanted to marry a woman aged 35, who
was divorced and an orphan. Armed with
every document bearing on his identity
he could think of. the workman repaired
to the town hall of his district. His cer
tificate of birth was pounced on at once
by a clerk. It was out of date,- a recent
law requiring that all such documents to
be valid must have been delivered within
the" previous threo months. To obtain a
fresh ' certificate the workman had to
write to the villa g& where * he wail , born.
The delay was fatal." While he: was wait
ing for a reply his parents unexpectedly
came In for a little -money . and 'In their
altered circumstances 9 their pros pectivo
daughter-in-law . ceased ¦ to ¦ find' fa.vor In
their, eyes. In France, whatever one's
age. I one cannot marry without the con
sent 7 of ¦. parents until after the accom-
WHEN A FRENCHMAN WANTS TO MARRY.
plUhmcnt of certain formalities
His family remaining obdurate, tha
workman duly had them served at tha
appointed intervals with the prescribed
number of "respectful notices'* at tha
cost of (13. The operation over, he re
turned to the town hull, where the clerk
pointed out to him that ho was Just a
week too late. Kvery one of the baker's
dozen of documents he had to product*
vats now more than three months old and
aa worthiest) as waste paper.
He possessed his soul m such patience
as he v.ivj able, did as he was bid and re
appeared, before the registrar with hU
batch of newly delivered and attested
"papiers."
Then he was asked to produce a copy
of the sentence pronounced by the divorce
court. He had not got It. being: ignorant
that it was necessary. However, he was
rather comf :-rted on hearing that nothing:
was easier than to procure it. ar.d he hur
ried off - to the palai* de Justice for tha
purpose.' There he learned that he muse
pay $40 for the required document. Tha
sum exceeded his means and he la still
unmarried.
has Rood furniture, but it la ¦trangcly ar>*
ranged. ' *,,
The, lounge Is a favorlta piece of furni
ture,'and one sees It In every 'Indian
household,, always in the parlor. If tho
Indians havo a piano or organ It goes into
the' bedroom. The young buck's best sad^
die also'goes' Into the parlor and in many
houses it is hung upon the .wall. Red rib
bons are tied, to everything, even the tall
of the., cat.. .For no Indian household is
complete "without a cat and a dog.
,- FOw books are found in the houses, but
newspapers and' magazines are common.
One may spend 1 a week in an Indian home
and every day he will pet the news of the
outside world by the daily paper Just the
same ' as at his home in \ the East. " The
young men are very fond of. yellow-back
novels, especially those dealing .with so
ciety. - Translation's ; of French novels are
their boon 'companions in the book"line. .
. The young wife has. been trained to look
well - to , the ',ways of ' her : household^ For
Banco beglnn. Not Iph'm than u hututrcd
elk teeth adorn tho bosom of a droon.
and sometimes two hundred are used.
They can bo sold at from ?5,to $10 apiece.
Then ft row of Bold braid must ro around
the bottom of tho skjrl, and a' string. of
pearl beads should adorn every bolt. 'Wit li
additions cf elk teeth, pearls'- and oyst«r
shells the dreas soon becomes very, vulu
able. •
As the ComAnches and their neighbors
the Kiowas'were great hunters they have
the most elk teeth, and buffalo hides;
hence in Indian circles the women of these
two tribes are Bupposed to be the best
dressed.
Not until last Easter did. the squaws
introduce the wearing of hata, but they
spent money freely for headpieces when
they once began. They* all had; their hats
trimmed with red roses and: violets. Some
of- the hats were as large -as a bushel
basket. The fashions they follow 1 are
very amusing to the '.white people, but
with them It !¦ a lerlutu builncni, nnd
tlio women are n« much Interested in their
Bhopplng n« n white woman would' be In
front of the counter of one of tho Urgent
millinery housea In New York, lv' . %.
Civilization Is steadily growing with
these people, N and the ways of the whites
bIiow in many, matters besides those of
dfesstjj Most of the young married couples
of the Kiowa'and Comanche tribes have
comfortable houses instead ; of 1 tepees.
They are well, educated, -having been
forced to attend the, Government, schools.
To those new manners of life the young
men and women take kindly,' but the old
er class will have none of them. They
continue to live in tents, as do full-bloods
of other Southwest tribes.
The' young. Indian wlfe^ of to : day* is"
clean, a fairly good cook and tidy with her
house." She is. not yet _well versed in the
art of • decoration . and red and . green ara
predominating colors In all of her rooms,
whether in ;harmony or not. The house
outfllrto their houweii, nn th« . iiiilnn* who
huve rtn liuomn from tlin United HtatfH
do not farm, All of ihn money duo tha
womfn Ih paid direct to them, and they
¦pond It to |ilrn!»o thdr own trtwtuH, whk'h
meniiH fo'r <l!'ffiK.
Th« .HwtiiHit go,wni are tnnrln from
tuiimd liuftnld lililtM, vvlild) at UiIm ll:un
arc very H<ar< i «. Tho lent her In nod nnd
ilmnhlo it Im made up Intu a. comfort
nhly lltiliii! elllrt nnd lnu:t.. v/nlHt, All
•I t •hc«h Mic cut hi about tii>' Mum-' style!
They cost vory Ilitlci until the decorations
tiru o tided, ThlK Is whore tho extravi-
the inor> popular Khe \n nt them* weekly
n tings n't tlir ajjency luilldlnKi*. They
examine cat'h^tither'i drctitAi carefully
and freely express to tin- Wearer opinion*
upon the <iu.iiiiy intd cost, if a drc/«k
tncrih with llin dlsHpprbvul of onoi nh<;
lutH no hosltbncy about Kuylng ho to tho
owner of nuch dfcDB, who ictorls im <hi<
urn lit. Sumetlm^H op/n <|un t rr In cn«n.i
at therm H<'f'><.!oii». Id ciiiiHi' Miiiv< woman
han b< en too bold In l ( cr crltlflnm.*
Tic i»4uaws Jo not huvn to work us hunt
as Ik k. ii« inlly suppofti-d. They do Illllo
Before they «o home they take a voln
on Iho drcARCf, and the uwnor or tha lic^r
in crowned leader of funhloh for ihr ii<*st
woeki mid all must refrain from crltl*
ciilng her 'iicm. Dujrlng the •¦nnulnn wVoSc
there Im m grcot race lu bulah'ne her'ga/*
monts, and HiIh In generally iiccjid
pllsbcd; no matter how hard shu may
have ut riven in hold her place in the Icud,
IT has just cropped out in social cir
cles that the Oklahoma Indian wo
men are among the most extra vacant
dressers in Arnericn. This fact is
worth prc8ent!ns to tho*e who look
to Paris for their fathJons. There nsay
come a time when Paris look* to Okla
homa, if things: gr? on in th!s way. —
It it a fact very narrowly known that
many womfn of the EClowa. Caznxnche.
Arepaho*- and Por.ia tribes have dref^ei
costing from $75'J to fi;>oj apw.ee. They
are not marie in what we shrju!d call t*i»»
latent etylea: the- t*^coratiuv.f are what
count. Any or.e who wants to be In cd
van<:e of the fcj-hlons can tafe!y copy
from in* vtodf'.n on thl* pajje. its they are
photograph* O f Olcla'.iomu'*' h^< :al lea.l
crs in thoit rmartr-jit, gowns; but it will
take a Ion* purw to copy anything but
the cut of the Bown*. an their psssonjon* 1
terie In each i:axc Im worth more tlun
many of th'« Import* d kuwm* that daz^;.j
theater and ballro'-m.
The equ«w«' money in utarly »li up'-'.
in purchasing costly ornamenta f.^r their
clothing. „ Thru* ornanrata are In tliu
•hape of itwtlrr «nd phecU>us stones; vlh
t*eth and pcati. It t% nothing «<m <,f th<«
common t<> in- mi Indian g;»i wulklti^
• round over ln«r reaefvation with |M
worth of elk u-eth t^a to hrr dr. w. in
decorative style. Again, m two-katut dia
mond It no curiosity to tbftie dusky bell^
M«»t of the <lrt:tnt-* aiv ni.n'o from null
buckskin Unrd with rllk oi satin Hp-i
?atln Is a great fnvorlt* fur droxn' lining
• nd/«hlrt waists among the Indian wo.
men. Yellow rllk In nnothrr of thHr f.i
vorltes, but vlolot won the prevailing
color this year. Next >-c, ir tho .Indian
woman who Ifadu the fashion will d.crp«
a new and fiorhy color to Iip tho up.to
date thing nnd of cnuroc nil of th<! wom<ii
will follow her.
Society *• w* nomo It In a tljln« un*
known among the rcnrrvntlon liidlan wo
men, but they have a certain envy Of ho
rial standlnit Junt th«» KHmc When thoy
come to the smnll Iowbi on trudlng tfaya
there may be awsemtiled m«wri»l hunOiv.J
ef the women from vurloiix pafu of tlio
country ana tney father In th«- agency
and talk over eventu among thcmsel\vs,
goailp upon the scandHU and rail against
the whites for hour* at at time.
It is during this function iinu they nviy
be seen In their bent dross, nnd each ono
tries to outdo her neighbor In ornjimfin*.
The more elk teeth one Iims on her dro«4
i »
breakfast In nn Indian home one will ha v«
hot corn caken, muih, hominy and bread,
with corn *yrup.
For, dinner, rc-ait nv.itM. hominy, potu
tnnn nnd'rk-a.
For supper, hot biscuit, fried meat and
coffee,
A noticeable thing 1* that coffee l« only
usod at the evening m^nl. Tim reiisan
for this lu that Indian:* bulluvM If taken
In dm iinii'Dliiif or ut iniiiii It ni'in th-'lr
bruins In u whirl, whilu ut it
fitiMoM thorn to sleep wHI und nuuudly,
TIimm' In it Hiiiii'iMiltluii, too, that coffee
In tho drink of thu evil brie tind should lio
taken only when ono la about to sleep.
iHcfi ho can rid Mmm-ir of Its civil isrtuct.4,
I'tMiniiiM.of oourttthlp und murrlagu urn
Very dlffcrt'nt^froni Whit tnty w«r<i yciim
BgO, it utttd to be Hint tho butrothed
Hwoot Water looked forward with dread
to 'a Ufa of wedded Hlavory to iUolIIng
Pony. Tho wadding would hcuI Jisr fate
to a Ufa of drudgery. Nowuiluyti IiicIh
ponrfence Is coming to Indian women ns
well a* white on**. The dlvtiilon of lnbor
la about the rame ns In families of our
own people Tha man of the fumlly jp«a
forth to cam tho bread while tha woifian
¦lays at home to hnke' it.
Tho courtghlp of nn Indian Is brief and
to thu point, It uiod to bo thru th« young
buck whs forced to buy his brldo from her
i
tatner. fcut now all that Is done away
with.. The young: man sees a girl that
he fancies, he call3 at her house. The
fecend time he calls he asks her to marry
him if he !s in love with her. There is
nothing to do but accent or refuse. Tha
Indian girl who is found to be flirting will
be reported to her father and he will ban
ish her from his home. If "she refuses her
suitor she Is at liberty to tell as many girl
friends us she choo3ss, but if she accepts
him. then it ia h'a privilege to announce
the cngasement at whatever time ha
chooses.
¦After the announcement of a betrothal
to a distinguished man the girl may ba
seen sitting in' the shixje of her lodga
while a long line of Indians passes befora
her. each one's head bowed. They ara
clad in gay colors and she wears a head
dress tha: would do honor to a South Sea
queen. Her people are honoring her as
befits ono of her station.
Whether or not the yroom be a great
man, the marriage ia always celebrated
ut his house. The girl Is brought there
by htr mother, who gives her away at tha
altar. The minister must be an educated
Indian if tlie ceremony is to ba fashion
able. No white people are allowed to at
tend. All tho Indians wear blankets dur
ing the ceremony. After It Is over they
throw off the blankets and aro found to
bo drewed In up-to-date Oklahoma fash*
Ion.
T»:e bride stands behind the minister
ftnd th« groom In front. H« takes thu
Klrl by (he rL'ht hund and the young man
by the left. Then h« ouyn: "Do you taka
thl* mun (jjlvlng name) to bo your hut*
band until thy Grt'ut Spirit shnll call you,
to have no tithi r huMbund but him, to love
and obty him?"
Ehe answers In tht affirmative. Then
I li<t young man in, asked if he loves the
girl and If /ie will support her. After hi*
r*»ply th« minister pluces tha right ham!
of tho girl In the left hand of the youn*
mun, kisses ''"'I' of them, and the cere*
mony is ended. Uvery mun In the house
rnuy kiss tho bilUo on ih« rlfjit cheek
und thu women each embruco htr. Then.
tli.' gruum brings forth his wedding pru
tnt, which may be u sewing machine of
a gold watch, und before tho asiicmblage
mukts hi- tlrxt sift to his wife. A wed*
ding feuar follows; It Is held at the now
liniiic of tho young people.
Thtre are mnny young Indian couples
living in the Klowu und Comunche reser
vution. Of course, u great mnny of them
ure nut full-blood Indiana. It li surprU
iuir Id m. .1 tho number of ImJIan families
who II \f huiipily und thus overthrow tru
dltlomtl fiction, Th« young man UHUully
Iiivi-h ttiM girl he wills und would not hesi
tate, to kill any one who would »cuk to
break up th*< fumtly circle.
imttiiM wive* urn seldom untrue to their
husbands, und It docs not go welt with
them if they ore found to bo so. They
lovo their children, and some of th« moat
congenial family circle* In tha world may
lio found among tha tribes of the Mouth
went. WILLIAM It. DOAPEn.
• THE SUNDAY CAIiTi.
UNCLE SAMS WEALTHIEST
INDIAN MAIDENS
AND HOW THEY
DRESS
3Frank Burlingame Harris is- a name
that will appear on the title page of but
one book, for death claimed, the young
author before his first effort; in the Held
of fiction had gone to. press. ! Ke had at
least the email consolation: that the last,
and to him most Important, work ei his
life had been accepted- by a publisher*
but beyond this there 'was little." He did
not even live to see the first proof sheets
of his novel.
Harris died VhUe y et a i-oung ma« . <n
The Eoad to Eidgeby's.
Another Eugene Field treasure has been
discovered and will soon be issued in book I
form' by the New Amsterdam Book Com I
: Love and gambling are adroitly mixed
In a new novel soon to be issued from the
press of. ,R._F, Fennoft Co. The title of
the' book is : VFranks, Duelist," and the
author is Ambrose Pratt, Primarily it is'
a .story; of- adventures and the period is
that'of Naupleon's contemplated invasion
of England," ;
"The Private 1 Life "of .the Sultan," by
George 'Dorysfia announced for Immediate
publication by D. Appletorr & Co. Recent
events .have imparted a peculiarly timely
interest to^this book, which Is said to give
a remarkably : intimate , insight into the
life and character of thie Sultan of Tur
key, ¦'¦' ' ' ¦¦'..'' . \ ¦
Literary No te si.
'¦to the authority 'Blades, 1 and' is. a;transla-.
. tlon .of the. work. "cdmpyled and. made atte 
v'the'requeste. of. KyngPhelyp of Fraunce*
j in the, yere MCCLXXIX." : Further : the
; tltlo:goes on:^'Translated Or -reduced out
¦ ; .ofjfrensshe ; ln'tu englysshe by me, WyU
exit.^ .. ¦; .;¦. ¦ : ]/"\. ,; : , : ¦- ''; ' ; ' • ¦- ;
There are only four, other copies. of -this
book extant, and '.'these are in public, libra
ries,. two, -.of: course,' being in the British
Museum and tho ; magnificent Ryland Li
brary.at;Manchester,! which; contains' %hs
Althorp/ collection,, purchased from .'Earl
Spencer for £230,000, this wonderful, nu
cleus^lncludlng fifty-seven examples . of
Caxton's patient art., : ,The book is printed
in I the -type' know n ¦ sis- "No. ! 5" I according
Seven hundred pounds,"'" £S00, ; £900 were
¦quickly passed.' Mr. Denham, an American
buyer, being especially prominent/, up 1 to ¦!'
this stage. './;'. "/¦-¦";'.¦'•;'..., • ' .":''/'¦
Not^ until :£J050; had. '.been : reached did
. Mri Quaritch". weave in. -From this polnti
• up to the final. bid of £1550 the, affair re
solved Itself Into a duel between 1 the great
dealer and Mr. \ Pickering's representative.'
After . Mr./ Quaritch .'¦¦ h«d [ smilingly said ;
"fifteen hundred and, fifty, V wlth-nppar-
ently. every ¦; intention < to go ; on, hl« . op
ponent /was "• silenced. 'VI '.'I'll, take ¦: it," rB
' marked .the successful-, bidder, : and vwlth
? the '! Caxton 'under his arm he made his-
gan at 100 guineas,: leaped to. 200 guineas,
and thence to 500 guineas; '"but as book
sales, are generally , conducted in . pounds
sterling Mr. J Hodge momentarily steadied
the company ; by saying .. "500 pounds.' 1
Thus it fell out. yesterday that the Cax
ton' fetched about- £500 more : than . the'
most-eanculne estimate. The bidding be
¦ ?¦-¦• • . ¦ "• ¦¦: - - - ¦ ., ¦: ..
.This Is an extraordinary prlce^when It is
considered that tho copy ; is- not'- of the
earliest prodnctions of : the Caxton Press,
beinjr. printed -. In "1487-8; whereas -.the
"DIctes and Say'lnges of the Philosophers"
was-, printed- eleven years befWei . and ; a
good copy of it fetched- only £1320, in the
Ashburnham sale 'of books, 1S97. V Again,
It might" be reasonably argued : that , yes
terday's' submission is inferior /to ; the
"Jason," the. "Chaucer," the V'King .Ar
thur", on the "Godefroy of 'Boulogne."
But book collecting- of j late .'has .received
nn enormous, impetus, and "as. the" big na
tifmnl libraries -gradually ; absorb tho fin»
flcur of. collections; there is greater eager
ness displayed by private, persons , to: se^
cure the few spoils' remaining.;-.' : ¦,-'¦,
ST is now nearly a quarter of a century
ego since the late Mr. Gladstone opened
the Caxton Exhibition and
one of those illuminating 'and erudite
discourses expected of such ay man van
such an occasion. '.. In the course of- his
remarks he said: "Westminster did little
fnr Caxton.",. alludinp. of course,, toj the
poor "patronage bestowed v by that' rich
parish. To Wellington street would seem
to have fallen the duty of rendering full
Justice, and yesterday, '-.at. -.Sotheby's
rooms, Mr. Quaritch gave the huge sum
of £1G5O for the book known asi''The
Kyall (or. Royal) ; Book: Or Book for; a
Kinff."--. -••;¦-•:;,>.'¦:¦.¦.¦. V / ••¦ vVv . -
,fAs might .be expected, this book formed
the-i chief ; feature of ,the' Bale,, although
there were other lots which', on anyother
day, would have: been considered .'re'mark
'able. Mr. Pickering bought the next suc
ceeding 'lot," "Promtorius. Puerorum," <for
£203— a fine arid perfect 'copy of the first'
edltLonof the first English and. Latin, dlc
tionarj',, ; the /source of many:. old 'English
words and phrases now obsolete. ; . A sim
ilar ¦ observation applies,, by 'the way, 'to
. that rare compilation Randle Cotgrave'B :
French-English dictionary, to which even
French writers ov/e many : obligations,
: Spenser's V'Shephearde'B ¦¦Calendar" and
other writings in one volume fetched £130
(Quaritch), and a number of
, sketches,"; formerly . the property J of g hta
.housekeeper/ £101". (Sabln), , Admirers of
Stevenson'B; workB' should -note that the
-."Edinburgh Edition." in thirty volumes,
,reallzcd£35 10s (Bain), and a. book of Ital
- Ian wood cuts, , by: Jacobus i Bergorrrenais,
,"De • plurlmls Claris , mulieribus,! ¦ went for
£28 10s, a previous copy , having realized
. £41, in" July, 1899." Altogether the day's sale
amounted to; £2875 in 6d. — London Danily
i Telesrapb,;-/- r ;;;,' :^^ngtoBMriBHBB
lyam. Caxton. • * • Wyche book Is
callyd . in , frensjhe le' llvre Royal, - that is
to say the ryal book," or book' for a king.
*., *•,; * .Whlche' translation was achyeved,
f ynysshed - a'nd ¦ accomplysshed the xlll
day ; of ':''.. Septembre, - in the year
MCCCCLXXXHII."> The copy measures
tenjiby^Bevt-n and {one-eighth' Inches, all
these particulars being of vital Import to
bibliophiles. ".. .
The Ketterllnus Lithographic Company,
Fourth and Arch streets, Philadelphia, la
already In the Held with some very dainty
calendars ' for 1902. 'It Is publishing col
ored | four-leaf { brlstola abou t 5x7 Inches
that will especially appeal to the younger
generation. The ¦ calendar : for three
months isglven at : the bottom of'each
sheet, and in the middle of the leaf is th«
figure of some little boyor girl in fancy
pose and^ costume. 1 . Its larger calendars
with colored figure drawings by Leon
Moran,' are very attractive; the drawing
is good and the color work excellent. • °
Calendars for 1902.
GREAT PRICE FOR A CAXTON
Books Received.
THE POETRY OF NIAGARA—Compiled hr
Myron T. Pritchard. Lothrop Publishing
Company. Boston. $100.
' VERANA—By Cart Jaecer. The Abbey
Press, New York. 60 cent:.
THE"AMERICAN JEWISH YEAR BOOK
E662—Edited by Cyrus Adler. The Jewish Pub
lication Society of America. Philadelphia.
HOW JACCJUES CAME INTO THE FOn-
EST OF ARDEN-An Impertinence by EHa
W. Peattle. The Blue Sky Press, Chicago.
BIOGRAPHICAL. AND OTHER ARTICLES
—By William C. Todd, A,» B, Lee & SheparU.
Boston. 11 £0.
THE AMERICAN THOTTINO AND PAC
INO HORSE—By Henry T. Coates. Henry T.
Coates & Co., Philadelphia! 75 cents,
THE STORY OF BOOK8-By Gertrude B.
HawUngs." D. Appleton & Co., New Yorlc.
SO cents,
WHEN 'IjOVE FLIES OUT O' THE WIN'
DOW—By Leonard Merrick,. D, Appleton >«
Co., New York. $1 CO,
GENERAL. McCLELLAN— By General Pet?r
S. Mlchle, D, Appleton & Co., New York. $1 W.
Paul Travers' Adventufss.
"Paul Travels' Adventures" is a llr.^
book for. boys, by the editor of the Chi
cago Evening Post. Samuel T. Clover. In
his story, Paul Travers, a young Chicago
lad who wishes to be a journalist, first
determines to see the world, and, almo3t
penniless, sets out on his tour as a globe
trotter, determined to tramp his way
. The book Is beautifully illustrated by
sixteen characteristic and notable views
of Niagara and should be prized- as a de-,,
lightfui souvenir by the thousands who*
visit the falls. It Is especially timely this
Pan-American year, when to. the. multi
tudes who visit Buffalo, Niagara, will be
an even grander natural sl|;ht than the
exposition Itself. (Published by the Loth
rop Publishing Company, Boston. -Price
• To Americans "the falls" means but one
cataract— Niagara! The mighty torrent
has inspired brilliant descriptions and
moving Verse, but little has been done in
the way of compiling the poetry of the
great cataract as Myron T. Pritchard
has done in this charming souvenir vol
ume, "The Poetry of Niagara." Witn
wide margins, clear type and all that good
printing and paper cun do to make the
book attractive as a presentation volume,
it ; contains poems and 'poetical extracts
inspired by Niagara as it appeared to such
poets of to-day and yesterday as Glider
and Howells, (Jranch and Mrs. Sigourney,
Brownell, Charming and Herudia, Hough
ton, Brainard,; Mrs. "Whlton-Stone and
others./ .
The Poetry of Niagara.
FRANCIS CHURCHILL WILLIAMS, the author' of "J. Devlin— Boss,"
is a young. 'Philadelphian, -whose, short stories in : Scribnet's - and
other' magazines during ths two or three years 'brought hini
to the attention of tho Lothrop Publishing Company, which has justin
sued his first '¦novel:*-. He is.one of the increasing, circle of men who have
,to credit, this i. newspaper training with a share of whatever success they
have won in the field of fiction. Mr. Williams during the past nine years
has served in various -editorial capacities. on Eastern newspapers,. and
much of what went into "J. Devlin'- was drawn from his experiences and
observations- then. He is a son of Francis Howard Williams of the Au
thors' Club of New York, and in 1891 graduated from the University of
I Pennsylvania,' where he played football and rowed on the crew. His short
stories have dealt largely with tho workers ! in the, big steel mills and
. with politics." It. was an incident which he witnessed one day in' the
I home of the local; "boss" that gave him" the idea of ': his novel. "J. Dev
lin" was not .written primarily' wi th. a purpose. , Its author believed
there wasa g'ood story in the life of a figure which is so intensely Amor •
lean, and there is 'scarcely an occurrence or personage in his book which
could not bs referred to the characters and happenings in any -one of our
big cities during the past few year s\ However,", as _¦ the story .stands, ~ it
is Mr. Williams' hope that it will suggest to some readers that, after all,
the political boss is a man likethsmselves. ; Curiously enough, consid
ering the fact that 'the book declares itself a ."romance of American poli
tics," women have bought, it in largo numbers. ¦
FRANCIS CHURCHILL WILLIAMS
AUTHOR OF "J.DEVLIN--BOSS."
. "How They Succeeded," by Orison Swett
Marden, is the life stories of successful
men told by themselves. This is certainly
a unique and original .method of recording
chronicles of success. :.Dr. Marden. in this
book has set down the story of successful
men and women told by themselves, either
". In a series of interviews or . by . se'ml
autoblographical sketches. This plan gives
to the book an even greatfer authenticity
and interest than'if the career of the char-,
acters selected were recorded by- another
hand. The interviews were, secured '. for
Dr. Marden's magazine Success, and many
of them were the onlyinterviewsthus'ac
corded. Combined as they have been in
this bock, they make", a', most entertaining
and inspiring series of life stories, full of
incentive to ambitious youth and of inter
est to older persons. The book is a re
markable record of success, achieved in
spite of obstacles and circumstances, and
"shows that honesty of purpose,' strength,
of will and- native" ability are. sure to win
at last. The life stories ihere told are
those of Marshall ';', Field, Alexander
Graham Bell, Helen Gould, Philip ;D. Ar
mour. Mary E. Proctor," President Schur
man of Cornell University,' John Wana
fnaker, Darius Ogden Mills, Madame Nor
dlca, William Dean vHowells, John " D.
Rockefeller," Julia Ward Hov.e. Thomas
A. Edison. General Lew Wallace, Andrew
Carnegie, John B. Herrcshoff, Amelia E.
Barr, Theodore Thomas, John Burroughs,
P. H./, Vreeland and James Whltcomb
Riley. . Portraits and pictures of achieye
'. ment illustrate the volume. (Published by
the Lothrop Publishing Company, Boston
Price, ¦ $1 SO.) .
How They Succeeded.
In "Pauline" Mrs.' G. R. Alden
("Pansy"), has attempted a seri.ou3 study
of complications which, arising In mis
information, or rather in Insufficient in
formation, lead to the flight of a high
spirited young wife from her husband,
and to all the distress and difficulties of
baffled , search/, struggle with experience,
and the sad regrets and self accusations
of sundered lives. Mrs. Alden treats the
story she has told with cleverness and
conscientiousness, believing that all
problems and .troubles are ; solved by
faith H and- she weaves into 1 a romance
that in other; hands might easily drop
Into; the sensational that 'strong thread
of personal' religion' and • helpful charity
that strengthens^ the suffering soul, and
leads, as in this story, the most compli
cated path to peace and reunion at last.
Her story is most interesting. Her reci
tal of it is in this gifted writer's most
approved " style. The book iss well - illus
trated by 'Elizabeth Shlppen Green.
Published by the Lothfop Publishing
Company, Boston. Price Si 50.} -
Pauline.
ministered to his father on the scaffold.
You know that he has a hopeless task
before you and you sigh a sigh of relief
The historical novel is not in a? h'gh
favor as it was a year ago. but that is be
cause so. many \or>r ores have been thrust
upon us. If you enjoy a good one -get
"Lazarre" and lead it. It is worth while.
Mary Hartwell Catherwood has done
her best in this book, for the very good
reason that ?he has put her heart' and
s-cul in the work. It is a story that she
has had -in ber mlr.d for year?., and sh«
has planned and read on her subject until
to her the characters have become living
persons.
When Fhe vras a little girl she read an
article en "Have We a DauphSn?" where
in the author was positive In his belief
that the young son of Louis XVI did not
die in prison, but vras sent to America.'
The v.-riter succeeded at least In convinc
ing his young reader that this was really
the case, and frorn that day until "La
zarre" was finished the possible romance
of the young Dauphin haunted the brain
of Mrs. Catherwood. . :
Even to this day no cne can say posi
tively that Eleazar Williams and the
young Dauphin were not one and the
same person, so we might as well take
Mrs. Catherwood's story for gospel truth
as anything else. The romance that she
wpaves. around -Lazarrc's life is such a
pleasing one that^n^ "almost wishes it
could be true.
It is known that Williams himself was
sincere in his belief that he was the heir
to the French throne, and. further, that
he was a man of refinement, culture and
education. History says that the Prince
de JoinvIIle visited him. and Williams
pays in his di?ry that the Prince asked
him to relinquish his claims to the throne.
In any event, be the history as it may,
Mrs. Catherv.-ood's romance makes, capi
tal reading, and that is what most con
cerns the readers of fiction.
"Lazarre" is naturally a story of many
disappointments for the hero, but in the
end. though Mrs. Catherwood cannot give
him the throne of France, still she re
quites him with that which, to Americans
at least, seems greater yet. She gives him
the opportunity of taking the throne if he
wishes — that much she can do without up
patting the history of nations— but his own
choice will be found much more to the
taste of the reader.
There is no lacK of incident in "La
zarre," and through it all runs as pretty
a love story as cne could wish to read.
We tneet the Dauphin in England on his
¦way from the French prison to America.
He is only a little boy at this time, and
made almost idiotic from his hard experi
ences in the dungeon of Paris. We see
him here just long enough to have him
recognized by the members of an exiled
royalist family and then he is spirited
Eway to the wilds of America.
Next we see him when the tirst dawn of
consciousness has broken. He has been
out swimming with his Indian compan
ion, has dived into the limpid lake with
euch vigor of youth that he has struck
his head on a rock and knows nothing
more until hs finds himself an invalid in
the house of the Count de Chaumont. '
This blow on the head is the climax In
the life of the boy imbecile. It is the
knock that he needed to send his revivi
fied senses into the right channel. The
life In the woods since his abductor from
Paris first put him in the hands of an
Indian chief for adoption has made of
him a healthy animal that needed but
this blow to set the wheels of mentality
Into motion and bring the warped mind
back to the normal.
From that time on, with a few lapsed
of unconsciousness, this Indian foster
child grows back to his white estate. He
picks up a thread here and there that re
freshes his memory by degrees to the
truth of his birth and finally nothing will
satisfy him but a trip to Pari3 to find
he knows not what. Napoleon the Great
is at this time in power, and what can a
poor pretender with but the support of a
devoted teacher and an Indian chief, who
Insist upon following him, do against
euch a monument of strength? .
In Paris even he finds among the royal
ists, the old royalists, one at least who
believes in him— one who saves him from
the morgue of those who are drowned in
the river, eaves him on account of Ins
likeness to his beloved King Louis XVI,
has faith in him and turns over to' him
the jewels of the royal family which he
had secreted at the time of the sacking
Of the palace. This worthy man doe3 all
that he can to help Lazarre, and had he
lived might have given the history of
France a different turn.
Mrs. Catherwood handles the young
Dauphins life in France most skillfully.
She works the Interest of the reader up
to the highe&t pitch and yet so cleverly
keeps within the bounds of history, that
while you read you sa>v "How dramatic
and yet how plausible!" * ¦
You folfow' Lazarre with breathless in
terest to Mittau, to the mimic court of
the- Count of Provence, where he meets
and U". recognized Is a brother by his
sister. Marie-Therese. You.see his claims
fall .before the witness of theiinan who
had abducted him lo Anierica'^and the
evidence of the Abbe Edgeworth, who ad-
THE Bowen-Merrill Company will
add another to their long list of lit
erary successes when they place
"Lazarre" before the reading pub
lic. 1 have just had the pleasure of
reading an advance copy.
W. O. Stoddard is so well known as
a writer of . boys' stories that, his many
young friends will be glad to know' that
he has written another stirring tale,
'both. instructive and entertaining, for
them. .There is a wave of interest over
us for. 'historical fiction and Mr. Stod
dard's, new; tale fits well in with this de
mand.. It has been the custom to dis
parage our second j war with England,
giving all glory to our fighters on -the
sea an4 but little to our soldiers on
land. In some respects it may have been
a» leaderless war; but,, as the events are
¦ studied at' this distance, "the land actions
-as well as those,' on water art; standing
out " more clearly [ and receiving more of
1 the justice they deserve. In this new
view of'the war of 1812 Mr. Btoddard's
story, is something more tfian a mere
t tale of adventure and action written for
younpr people. It is a conscientious and
most interesting study of the operations
on the Ohio border and on Lake Erie,
which resulted in General Harrison's
masterly defense of the frontier, culmin
ating in the battle of the Thames and in
Perry's glorious victory of Lake Erie." - Of
course against ' ' this , background Mr 4
Stoddard has thrown a capital story.
Jack Morgan, a sturdy boy of the fron
tier, is a fine lad, and his adventures will
stir the bloo<i .'of , all, young Americans;
while the varied life, of the border, with
Indians, scouts, frontiersmen, ' British
. soldiers, anxious but : earnest -women and
•brave, determined ••' men, "Is 'full of color,
and is almost electric with action. (Pub
lished by, thV -Lothrbp Publishing.Com
pany, Boston. Price, $1*23.) f
Jack 'Morgan.
"Biographical and Other Articles," by
William C. Todd; A." B., president of the
New ' Hampshire Historical Society, is of
unusual interest, -both on account of'tbe
value of its contents and the personality
of its author, who has a'yery strong claim
on the reading through his recent
gift of $50,000 'to the city 'of Boston tor'. es-
Biographical and Other Articles.
' Antbirio Muzzarelll, cfflcler d'ncademle,
profeEBor of modern languages and lit
erature, author of "The Academic French
Course/': has Just prepared a new volume
In conformity; with the new laws of syn
tax promulgated by the French (Jovern
ment. March 11. 1901. This work is called
"MuzzarelU's Brief French Cotirse." It
it prepared on the same general ltnes as
the author's two-volume academic French
course; and alms at clearness combined
with completeness and thoroughness. The
grammatical topics discussed have ,been
wisely chosen, and all matters oi primary
importance are fully 'treated. The exer
cises In reading and writing French fur
nish abundant practice on all points of
syntax. : It .has the distinction of being
the first text book to conform In all re
spects, to the radical reform incorporated
In* the new' laws of syntax adopted by
the French - Government. (Published by
the American Book Company, New York.
Price $125.) : - , :
Muzzarelli's French. Course.
his twenties, and from the promise
shown in his book, "The Road to Rk'ge
by's" his death has been a loss. "
He began newspaper work at the early,
age of 18, and soon attracted attention
among the : members of the local news-:
paper fraternity. It was alwaVs one of
his life's -ambitions to write a novel 'of
-farm life of the Middle West. Such a
one is his "The Road to Ridgeby's." ; ..
.-vNct only does this book combine all
the elements of a good i story, : but '( the
character studies show thought and
careful development. His plot has a cer
tain degree 'of novelty about it, and the
air of mystery that hangs over both the
head of the heroine and the life of the
hero will carry" the "reader's attention
until the end. ' v
;A prettty little love story, top, is "The
Road to Rldgeby's." Newton Jlilla
comes as a tramp to Ridgeby's;farm, but
not as 4 a tramp of the ordinary kind.i
Ridgeby himself insists upon bringing'
him' home; for he finds Mills horsewhip-
ping a brute cf a fellow who had' beer}"
cruelly beating- a. worn-out team of
horses. .; : . -¦ .. • •.¦-.' •' - ;' '"¦¦'
It is easily seen that Mills'! is a gentle
man in' breeding and- education, • but . to
all .questioning?" he - answers that -he
"conies from nowhere and is going—no
where."; ; . . " ¦ ' : .
' Of course he "falls in love with Sibley,
theadoptfcd daughter of Ridgeby. "
Sibley is a girl out of the ordinary; She
has beei^ educated at Vassar and has seen
a lictle Of th-3. world, but' her education
has not- spoiled" her in the least and she
is now back on the old, farm and gladly
trying to lepav o little of the kindness. of
her adopted parents. Ridgeby^nortgaged
•the fdrmto give the" girl her education
and now she has. allowed herself to be
come engaged ' to '.' Abner Hawkins, whose
father holds- the mortgage. . Sibley has
done, this simply beoause she thinks .that
by her. self sacrifice she may be able to
save the roof over the heads of those who
are so dear to i?er. . . . ¦ ''
After we becomi;" better acciualntedwith
the.character of Abner it Is easy to under
stand what -a foirlorn hope there' Is In'eyen
this great offering of Slbley. She comee,
in' time, to, rea-ize that, herself and 'finds
that the mortgage 1 - ,!s to be foreclosed and
she. is to' be held to her word as /well.
Whether Mr. Harris leaves his heroine
to fall into the clutches of .the. dreadful
Abner or helps out the deserving Newton*
is not for the reviewer to say. - ' • •
Ridgeby and his wife play a little part
of their own in the book, with an under
current-story of love and mystery — very
pretty and quite well v/orked out.
the fire, big hearted and strapping hired
man, is a character worth reading about,
and Newton MUls is a liero well out of the
ordinary. He wrestles like one from the
professional mat, he handles the plow and
milks the cows llks.a born farmer, and
¦yet through it: all he shows the refinement
, of an elegant'" home and gentle /parents
/Lnd. tlje broadness of a college. education.
" In partis of;Mr. Hariis';work tbere is the
of Hamlin Gariand's talcis of the
Middle ,Wpst; ;in y s'6me. of his . characters
there is shownL the." same careful^svodyVof
-human nature that hag made a success' of
"David Hiirum' * and ."Eben HoldenV ; arid,
for the whole (here is a good ¦ story '¦ well
narrated. (Published by Small, Maynard
& Co., Boston. Price, ?1 50.) ~~. ¦'¦;¦: " - '.
(Price. Jl.) ' ; :' ¦.
"Three Fair. Philanthropists,", by : Miss
Alice Muzzy, is a bright novel showing
the general insincerity of the charity
fiend society girl. T.he ladies, who give
their name to the story succeed ". admir
ably in imposing upon themselves, .but not
upon others; they at least serve the pur
pose of entertaining the reader. (Price,
n 50.) . ;... ¦¦-¦ ' " ; -. , - : , • ; :;- .-;
"A Pacific ' Coast Vacation." ¦> by. Mrs.
James Edwin Morris, is an elaborate.vol
ume, of 250 pages devoted to travels, on .
this coast.. One chara of the volume is
the great number, over. sixty, -pfi excellent
half-tone Teprociuctlons "of ', • phbtograpfis
that illuml:iat« the text. Her descriptions"
cover Alaska, Washington;. "pr'egon, Cali
fornia and • Yellowstone Park. (Price,
$150;) ¦ ¦ '. : -¦¦ ; V ¦;.>/ . ':¦ -; ¦ ¦'¦¦¦
"Old Glory" Is. a romance ' of Baltimore'
by Lulu K. Eubank." The story pertains
to that period of our history Mn the/ war
of 1812 when we were making: our v last
fight for supremacy against the 'mother
country. The invasion and .burning of
Washington by the British and the bom
bardment of Fort^McHenry in the harbor
of Baltimore during the same year are the
objective points of the work. ' (Price, $1.)
"The New Swiss. Family Robinson," by
Helen Pomeroy, is a narrative of the ex
periences of a family who have been left
a tract of land in South Africa. 'The ex-\
act location of the property is unknown,
so they set out through the wilderness to
find it. Like the original tale the story
is especially, interesting for children.
(Price, $1.) ¦. '" ;
"Birds l.ncaged and Other Poems", is a
book of verse by Burton Langtry Collins.
He takes for his themes birds and bird
songs, the beauty, grandeur and freshness'
of nature, the changes of time and sea
son, the mystery and majesty, the smile
and the wrath, of the sea. In cheerful or ¦
serious mood he treats of the joys* of
youth and the sorrows of age, of prob-; .
lems of life, death and immortality, of
hope, faith and trust in the Creator. -
(Price. *1.)
"Monsieur Paul de Fere," by Anthony
E. Wills, Is a story that begins in .Lon
don and after twenty years continues its
action in Paris. It deals v/ith the life of
a- leader of Parisian society whose past i3
not without blemish. Incidentally a' pretty
story of love and devotion runs through
out. The climax of the plot is well sus
tained until the last pages. (Price, $1.)
"Green Valley," by T. D. Bulringtcm, is
the etdry of a man unjustly accused ot'
crime und of a woman's heart conquered
by love. The rural Texan llgures to ad
vanUige and a mob scene adds to the
dramatic interest of tho tule. (Price, $1.)
: "Viola Livingstone, J or Whut'8 in a !
Name," by Mary B. Payne, teila of social
life in New. York as it exUts to-day, it
takes up the desire among certain ciassei'
for titles. Thtj hero comes ucrosd the sen
in search of gold and finds a golden bait
awaiting him. The heroine, above the
average in ¦ Intellect, rebels, and the hero
tinds that riches have' v ings, for the gill
disappears without .'tjlvnijr. warning.
(Price, SI.) ; ; V>
* "A Flower of the Tropics" is by Warner
P. Sutton, former Consul General to
Mexico. The book includes a number of
short stories of Mexico and the border
that are tilled with romance and adveh-'
ture. Mr. Sutton has aiso written ruytcli
about Porto Kico and Cuba. (Price, M.)
• "Old. School .Days," by Andrew James
Miller, is a memoir of buyhood. from
earliest youth to. manhood,, including tho
era of the civil war. Its opening chap
ters introduce a multitude of incidents in
the schoolroom, upon, the playground, the
sports of vacation and holidays and many
of the arts and crafts of childhood. The
succeeding chapters are in turn devoted
to the air casties, day dreams and heru '
worship;' vacations, ; sports, and recrea
tions, and . the superstitions, terrors and
.griefs that mark that period. In conclu
sion, the old memories are brought, up
and dwelt upon in pleasing vein. (Price,
$100.) ¦ . ..-.'. - "
"With a Policeman in; South Africa,"
by E. W. Searle, is a narrative of per
sonal experiences in connection with the
mounted police in' Natal. The book pos
sesses the Interest of a novel while at the
same time imparting a large' amount" of
valuable information about a country and
peoples who have commanded the atten
tion of the world. (Price 75" cents'.) ' ;
Recent- Books From the Abbsy Press"..
Here is a brief., mention of some lead-,
ing books recently "published by The Ab
bey Press. of New York: " • .. •
"The Arickaree Treasure," by Albert-G.
Clarke Jr., is a book of short stories de
voted to unique characters of Montana —
many of them are said to have their pro
totypes In real life; There is humor in
the story called "The Sun ' River Stam
pede"; then, too, a laughable description
of Harrun's treinens in the story of his
search for the big sapphire: a double de
nouement—two stories in one— in the tale
entitled '"Tis an III Wind," and the cli
max b unexpected and odd in "The Un
professional Conduct of Dr. McCall."
him wondering what' will happen nexU.
besin to read ' "La*2arre" and no
one. else can get a glimpse into it until
you have finished the book.: . ¦ . ¦ V
'•¦- .-•:„ • """•':¦> b. g: lathrok^
themselves from -page to page ho'.d the
reader's breathless" /attention and keep;
urally, but'. the surprises that reveal
In the ending of the book is the real
climax of the" plot. £ Circumstances force
on Lazarre one of two things: He mudt
either give up the woman he loves or
else sacrifice his ambition of becoming
the ruler of . France. The author leads
up to this condition of affairs very nat-
when he realizes his own inability to cope
with the powerful forces against him and
is willing to return to his 'foster country,
which to him has proved so kind a moth
er. He does not do this, however, until
he has made a gallant fight- which loses
nothing in the able telling of the author.
One might imagine that after his-re
turn to America the story would be.
over, but the best part is yet to come.
He takes sides with his foster country
against the British and would seem.-.liere
to sink into oblivion as far as his inherit
ed rank is concerned but the chain of
events brings film, back to parts of his
old life. He has been hopelessly In love
with the daughter of an exiled royalist
family of high rank. Mrs. Catherwood
develops this side, of her story very
strongly now, and it will -be easy J for
American readers to decide -at once that
Lazarre's success here is of more impor
tance than the throne of France. '
The latest in .that', excellent series of
"Great Commanders" .; published ¦¦ by D."
' Appleton & Company," New York, is the
life of General McClellan f by . General
Peter. S. 'Michie- and edited by General.
James. Grant Wilson. The late General
C Michie's :hlgh rank as a student and his j
: impartial temperament have. afforded em
: inent qualifications for the preparation of
the military biography of a soldier whose
; career": presents to the: general reader
many difficult, questions.' While .the serv
ices of McClellan in the Mexican War and
;hls intelligent observations of the war in
the : Crimea are rich In features Of inter
est,' the; most important part of,- his life.
Js the brief period from April," 1861, when
'^he was' commissioned 'major; general of
volunteers in Ohio, to November.V 1S62,
•when, he! was relieved from the -command,
of the Army of the Potomac and ordered*
; .to Trenton, N. J., which" was the end of
; his; military, career. General McClellan's .
¦ work; of-- organization,^- his campaign in',
. Western ..Virpinia. his preparation; of the ;
defenses . of Washington, his creation of
the Army of the Potomac, his conduct of
¦the siege of ! Yorktown and of the Penin
sula campaign (with- its-reaction upon'
himself individually), the battle: of South
Mountain and the bloody conflict of Antie
tam are all analysed in this volume by a
' writer who has had the advantage of per
' spectlve ;as. well.^as military 'knowledge
and a familiarity with the later literature
*of the war." McClellan's ability as an or
ganizer and his power to secure" the devo-
General McClellan.
The present volume^ U .compact and
adapted to everyday use.. The' type is
large and clear, the paper of good weight
and the illustrations are excellent. Both
cover and frontispiece are .printed in
colors. (Published by • Thomas Y; I Cro
well & Co., New York. ,, Price 60 cents.)
"Gulliver's Travels," • by" Dean Swift,
has been for nearly, two cen
turies as one of the_very greatest nursery
stories ever written. : It carries such an
air of verity :that the most astounding
adventures T seem almost^ 'credible; while
Its-dry, humor never falls of its mission
to ; charm. Viewed simply as a child's
book it must ever remain a classic. Chil
dren rever in the tales of wonder, . where,
a, traveler meets pigmies so small that
his middle finger can measure them, and
giants so' large that'he can find "refuge
in the hollow of their hands. They laugh
at the amusing results of 4 these unusual
adventures. They marvel perhaps at the
accuracy of the ' author's measurements.
Arid reveling, laughing . and marveling
as children, they are not concerned with
the terrible satire ¦ hidden-,' between : the
lines. The irony and the sting which first
caused the book to be written \ were di
rected against the foibles of a generation.
That, and many other generations, have
passed by, leaving to the book its gentler
missiori of charm and pleasure to childish
minds. : - ' •. .¦ . ' • ': . ; - ; -
Gulliver's" Travels.
tablishing and maintaining a free news
paper and periodical reading-roon In con
n^Uon with the public-library. Previous
to this the. liberality of Mr. Todd .made It
possible for the city of ;Newburyport. -
Mass., to establish and maintain what is
believed to be the first: absolutely free
reading-room in the. United-States, for
making newspapers and P^ 10^?- *J"
cessible to the public. The Nejr Hamp
shire Historical Society, of which he Is
president, has also found in this modest
scholarly gentleman its i ".-most 1 beral
donor. Mr. Todd is a native of Atkinson,
N H. and a graduate of Dartmouth Col-«
lege, who has traveled widely, observed
Intelligently, arrV had exceptional opportu
nities for personal acquaintance witn no
table men. The papers comprising .tnw
volume, dealing with ''Daniel Webster.
"Caleb Cushlng," "Thomas Hart Ben
ton," "Lord Timothy Dexter," ; of £ew
buryport. "Some Persons, I Have, Met,
"A Summer in Norway," etc.. are not only
ably written, but have great historical
value, in that>hey present incidents and
details of much interest which came with
in Mr.' Todd's personal knowledge and
which are not recorded in any oiher pub
lication. 2 Not only the friends of Mr.
Todd. who are legion, but all who are In
terested In the life and history of our
country will find these papers crntertain
ing. and helpful. (Published by Lee &
Shepard, Boston. .Price Jl 50.)
Mention has already been made of tha
resurrection of "Sherlock Holmes" by Dr.
Conan Doyle, writes James Walter Smith
from London to the September Literary
Era, Messrs.. Newnes managed to Induce
Dr. Doyle to revive his first and greatest
hero, and the publication of the new de
tective story has begun in the Strand
Magazine. A well-known American pub
lishing firm , offered a huge sum for tha
right to publish this story serially In
America, but Messrs. Newnes preferred to
run it in the American edition of tha
Strand. What success thl3 venture of
Doyle's will have remains to be seen, but
it is not improbable ' that .""Sherlock
Holmes" will be one of the successes of
the autumn publishing season. William
Gillette will open in September at the
Lyceum Theater with hia dramatization
of "Sherlock Holmes," and if the success
of that play In America is repeated here
it will give a valuable fillip to the sales
of the new bock in London. The pretty
point in literary ethics which has been
raised by. the resurrection of the dead
hero of fiction— although Dr.. Doyle has
cleverly avoideJ the direct charge of rais
ing Sherlock from the dead— would better
be left for discussion among those who
are less busy than we.
Little, Brown & Co. announce for this
fall these new books for younger readers:
"Brenda's Summer at Rockley," by Helen
Leah. Reed, author of "Brenda, Her
School and Her Club;" "As the Goose
Flies," by Katharine Pyle, author of 'The
Christmas Angel;" "High School Days in
Harbortown,". a new book by .Lily F.
Wesselhoef t; "Four on a Farm, and How
They Helped," by Mary P. "Wells Smttb;
"The Magic Key." by Elizabeth S-.Tilley;
"The Captain of the School," by Edith
Robinson; "Teddy, Her Daughter," a
Sequel to "Teddy. Her Book," and
"Phebe, Her Profession," by Anna Chapin
Ray; "Morgan's Men," a sequel to "Scout
ing for Washington," by John Preston
True, author of "The Iron Star," etc.;
"The Story of a Little Poet." by Sophie
Cramp Taylor; a new edition of "Another
Flock of Girls," by Nora Perry; "HoUy
berry and Mistletoe," by Mary Carolina
Hyde, author of "Christmas at Tappaa
Sea"; also the two children's plays. "The
Little Women Play" and "The Little Men
Play," adapted by Elizabeth Lincoln
Gould from Miss Alcott's famous stories.
publishers are now about to supply. Mr.
Payne ha» written for the new edition a
supplementary chapter which gives an
analysis of the six plays that Ibsen has
produced since Jaeger's book was writ
ten. This makes the book a complete ac
count—the only one existing In English—
of the life and writings of the great Nor
wegian whose career Is now unhappily
drawing to a dose.
"When Henrlk Ibsen celebrated his six
tieth birthday to 1883, his friend. Henrlk
Jaeger, wrote the critical biography
which. In William Morton. Payne's Eng
lish translation, was published eleven,
years ago by. Messrs. A. C. McClurg &
Cor The work . has for some time been
out of print, owing to the destruction of
tho remaining copies In the fire of Feb
ruary, 1900. Since it la the standard Eng
lish work upon Its subject a new edition
has been greatly needed, and this the
The Baker* & Taylor Company will pub.
llsh this fall another book by W. I. Lin
coln Adams, the author of "Amateur Pho
tography," "Sunlight and Shadow" anci
"In Nature's Image." Mr.' Adams vaa
formerly editor of the Photographic Times
and the American Annual of Photogra
phy, and as a manufacturer and editor
became one of the most skillful men '.a
the country with the camera. "Woodland
and Meadow" Is not primarily a work on
photography. It Is- really, a series o!
charming country sketches on a New
Hampshire farm, dealing with the phase3
of life in various seasons. But thesa
papers are grouped about and illustrated
by a rare lot of photographs taken by Mr.
Adams and others. There are to be over
200 illustrations in the book. In addition
the skill of the camera has also been de
voted to initial pieces and tail pieces of
a novel character.
The American Board of Commissioner*
for Foreign Missions, which will hold its
ninety-second annual meeting at Hart
ford, Conn., October 8-11, 1901, has pub
llshed a very attractive souvenir pro
gramme. Charles Dexter Allen, the edi
tor of the programme, i3 deserving cf
high praise for the excellent arrangemen;
and selection of matter. The souv»sfc>
comprises nearly a hundred pages neatly
bound in paper and is In the convenient
form of 5x7 Inches. One of *he greatest
charms of the little booklet is the numb op
of - halftone 'reproductions of interesting
photographs of buildings and place*. The
articles vary in scope .from... points on
transportation arrangements • and enter
tainment- of delegates to historical
sketches, articles on. .. missionaries and
lists of names.
' Mr. "W. A. Kelsey has just sold out h!j
interest and retired from the manase
-ment of the'Loa Angeles Express to as
sume the presidency of. the new consoli
dation of the 'Western Graphic and th<j
Capital. For years the Graphic has dp.
voted itself to the general . interests of
Southern California and the Capital has
been given over to society matters. By
the consolidation of th» two a twenty or
thirty page weekly, printed on exception.
ally good paper and illustrated by up-to
date process, half-tones, is promised.
Judging from the first copy, Los Angeles
Is .the gainer of a very superior weekly.
The A. "Wessels Company will Issue im.
mediately VFrench .Cookery for American
Homes," an excellent little cookery book
containing over 600 recipes clearly ex
plained. i\i'.~ ';.>¦»
pany. It is a fairy story designed f or ,j|
children, containir*? a number of original'
poems, which, having the charming touch
of Mr. Field's genius, will " appeal to the
adult as well as the juvenile reader.
, tion of I his soldiers are fully, recognized,
! but the ; writer also places Impartial ;em
. phasis upon,- his' excessive, prudence, ¦ and
on the deficiencies of his information serv
ice.; The? various 1 phases of his , strategy
; and , tactics i are : candidly . reviewed. • j Gen
eral Michie's judicial volume will be wel
? corned for its thorough and fair presehta
• tioh of one of the, most striking chapters
; of the Civil ;War. It. is /well illustrated
j with portrait and maps. (Price $1 50.)
around the worldl and to pay his own ex
penses ¦•; as. ', he goes: • \J-I6w lie does ' this,
from'.. Chicago', to Chicago, in a, self-sup
porting tour of a year and, a half ;. the ad
ventures, 1 "the-, trials, the 'disappointments;
and the" successes he experiences ;lthe dan
gers^he faces on. land and sea; the hard
times he. has in -trying to keep alive and
keep going;; the" sights lie sees in the Far
West; on the. Pacific .waters ,.and-,islands, :
and.Hhe .methods by which he" finds -his
way.'around the world and finally gets
back to; his home and .his^work- all- these
Mr. Clover tells in straightforward .'simple
and absorbing-.; style, so .that" one.does'not
hesitate to accept the' assurance that the
"Adventures" were largely * founded -on
fact- (Published; by the Lothrop Publish
ing Company, Boston. Price, $123.) I ;
THE -SUNDAY; CALL;:
WRITERS
OF BOOKS
4
"WORTH READING."
FOR THE B-LUE
AND GOLD
A Tale of Life at tna University of
California.
By JOY LICHTENSTEIN
St. 50 Nat
"A rattling good atory of undergrad-
uate life. Us work and its play. Thera
are DCojpeB of healthy, placky. fun-lovinfi.
¦turdjr' young American* who keep tna
interest at a glow frora start .to flnUh.
. It f l« a book that should bo read by all
college graduates, by all in college, and
by those, intending to enter college"
— .New Orleans Plcayt^no.
A. M. ROBEP,TSO!; # Publisliar,
126 Post Stpect,
• ' • &»n Franclscc, Caf.no_textAt the present day no outdoor recreation
or pastime * is more , fashionable in the
united States than golf, and 1 nearly every
lady whose husband or father is possessed
Mrs. and the Misses Fln»tta ' and many
others. The swimming Is delightful and
here the Misses Flnetta show to great ad
vantage, for they are superb swimmers
and rarely miss a half-hour every day in
th<* 4 surf. The Misses Ham ot San Rafael
are. also graceful swimmers. • .
of any considerable means or- social lm^
portance at least feigna.Jf. she does^not
reel, ; nn Interest ; in the royal and ancient
game. .She must at least know enough of
the terminology of ! the r game 'to be, able
to foUowvwlth.some understanding the ac
count'of'a match and -must
form one of the gallery which follows the
more notable golfers In an Important con
test. \; - •. ; . . ,v -v •¦•-.; ¦ ;.-.
1 She must know, the ¦ difference between
match, play, and medal play and must not
First- among the genuine lovers of golf
must -be placed , Mrs. R. Gilman Brown,
wife "of the secretary of the San Rafael
Golf Club. She has practiced assiduously
and plays a stronger game than any other
lady ; on the Pacific Coast, probably not
even excepting Mrs. Jean. W. Bowers, who
is the woman champion of Southern Cali
fornia and a very steady,' consistent golf
er. Mrs. Brown plays like a man, so her
opponents say, and it is a fact that her
score on the Del Monte links would have
qualified tor. the men's contest for the Del
fall Into. the vulgar and. unpardonable er
one° 8u PP° sln B a hlgh^ore to be a good
¦ fche must be able to tell a putter from a
loiter and must know what "bunkers"
and water hazards" are. She must be
able to talk of "stymies" - arid I "sliced
drives', and must have at least a speak
ing acquaintance with the doughty "Col
onel Bode. Vv ¦ . - •
• But;, U» bfj l quite corame ilfaut. she ought
to play the noble game herself, and to be
more concerned about a • "topped ball"
than a hat awry or a freckled face. ;
¦-She should don a short golf skirt, with
thick flat-soled shoes, a shirt, waist (with
the sleeves rolled , up to the elbow . and
tramp around the links at least twice a
day three times a week- : ' > -
.It should delight her heart more to pull
off a long/sweet drive than to get a two
pound box of candy, and she should be
prouderof a pewter pot won in a club
handicap than of a higr bouquet of-Amer
lcan^Beauty roses from a millionaire's
¦ ¦an.""' ¦¦.¦: r ¦ .¦.•¦'. ¦ ¦'•¦; - ¦ ¦.¦-¦.• x .
.And there are reveral of our fashionable
girls and young -matrons who really. do
( seem to'take more • genuine pleasure in
trudging round a; links than in traversing
a bal'toom— who prefer golf to gossip and
broad 8cotch\*.o scandal. .
THE "society cirl" Is no longer with
us. She ha? been relegated to the
I past. It is now the smart athletic
I young woman— the young woman of
JL to-day who shoots, rides, swims,
goes boating and yachting and plays golf
and tennis. The pink and white flowers of
the ballroom have evoluted Into this.
Where In the old days the maiden fair'
donned her sunbonnet and gloves she now
tears them oft, rolls up her sleeves to dis
play a correctly sunburned arm and turns
her collar down to show an equally sun
burned neck.
She is to be Been every day on the
beaches of California, romping in the
breakers: or in the mountains, swinging
a_team along at a lively clip. She tramps
with the hounds after the deer over the
ridres. or casts a fly into the shady pool
as well, and often a little better, than her
brothers. And as for tennis and golf— she
plays them like a man. What more could
be eaid? ,':;¦¦'
San Francisco is especially well favored
In location for her fair daughters who
love the outdoor life afleld and afloat. In
an hour's time you can be on tne high
seas or in the wilderness if you wi.«. ' .
Mies Alice Hoffman spends much of her
time during the deer season hunting in
Liberty Canyon, in Marin County. She
rents the shooting and has a shooting box
up la that part o£ the country. It is a
common occurrence to see hrr drlvo a
smart little unicorn, or four-in-hand team",
at a ripping pace between San Rafael and
Liberty8. She also ¦ occasionally brings
them over the ridge down to Bollnas.
She is quite a whip as well as a crack
shot.
Miss Marln "Waterhouse of Bolinas ia
also an ardent Dtana. She prefers the
quail or snipe shooting to the deer hunt
ing about Bolinas. as she gets better deer
stalking at her father's ranch in;Napa
County than at Bollnus. where he also
has an extensive property.
Miss "Waterhou.se is not afraid to hunt
the wildcats which do damage very often
to young animals up the coast' near Point
Reyes. She and her, father .: organized
quite a hunt during her last visit to Bo
linas. As she is completing her education
at MIes Head's School at Berkeley, she
cannot, of course, until after her debut
have as much shooting as she would Ilka.
Miss Crosby of San Rafael ls another
young lady said to be a good shot. She
is often u» at Llbcrtys with Miss Hoff
man.
. Many well-known society girls often run
over for a few days', sport. The shooting
is splendid, as the properties are nearly
all large and preserved, and the Country
Club is within easy driving distance.
Several well-known society women have
summer cottaees at Bolina3 Beach, as
Mrs. Hepburn Wilkins- and Mrs. Parks
also Mrs. Vincent Ncalc of San Rafael'
Moiitw cup. ; Mrs.' Thrown. . besides club
prizes galore, has won the ladies' cups of
the San * rancisco and San Rafael Golf
clubs, and last month captured the Ponia
towski'cup at Burlingame. Mrs. Brown
golfs not only bare-armed, but bareheaded
as well, and it is a pleasure to see the en
thusiasm, to say nothing of the accuracy
and good judgment, with which she plays.
Another well-known golfer 1b Miss Alice
Hager, who up to the time of her recent
departure on a trip to the Orient was on©
of the most regular morninfr visitors to
the Presidio links. She is a strong, vig
orous girl and often drives 8. longer ball
than Mrs. Brown. She worked her way
up into the final round of the woman's
championship at Del Monte.' being. beaten
only by the winner. Miss Caro Crockett.
A year, or two ago, before her marriage,
there was no'iocal golfer better known
than Miss Alice Momtt of the- Oakland
Golf Club. now. Mrs. George Doubleday of
New York. She won the ladies' trophy or
.the Oakland Golf Club,- and hers is the
first name inscribed on the . Ponlatowskl
"cup. The second name is that of Miss
Caro Crockett, who Is a familiar figure on
the . links of ' San . Francisco , Del Monte
and the Burlingame Country Club. '. .
Miss Crockett playa an accurate gama
and never allows any mishaps occurring
either to her opponent or herself, to dis
turb . her* equanimity. Her careless de
meanor is apt to deceive h«r adversary
but she never allows her own Judgment
to be clouded or her good i;emper to be
ruffled. For these reasons, as well as for
her good play, sUe Is a dangerous oo
ponent In a match game.
Among other San Francisco girls who
are fond of golf may be mentioned Miss
FlorenceJves, Miss Maud "Hulling, Miss
Minnie Houghton. Miss Ella "W.- Morgan
Miss Therese Morgan, - Mlssi Alice Moff-
man and Miss Edith McBean. At Eur
llngame nearly all the ladles play golf,
amohcr them being Mrs. Henry T. Scott.
Mrs. Walter Martin. Miss Genevieve Car-
QJan. .Miss Emily Carolan and Miss Rowe.
The women of Southern California are
even fonder of the open air and of out
door recreation than those of San Fran-
Cisco and neighborhood. It would ne
hard to rind half a dozen ladies more de-
X?« to outdoor games than Mrs. Sey
mour, Miss Merita Seymour and the four
i-^i. °t n = lsters ' Ma >'- Florence. Violet ami
• i h *l, ennis ls tne f orte of the Sutt-n
girls, Misa May being the open woman
champion of the Pacific States, she and
A% T M Ste l Florence being the women's
double champions, and the other tw>
being experts. It has been said by tho3d
Fi 08 * competent to judge that the play
ofJ? 1 r. th^« four Il3 ses Sutton In the re
at «i» a » fl 5 S , tates championship grame 3
?L~ 1 waa of a higher duality
Ar« i ny lartles &ame ever seen here.
«,» ,i yn \°,n I i, an(1 MiS3 Merita Seymour
f«H °* skillful wielders of the racquet
ana good golfera as well. It is stated that
t^» ™ ana £ e roent oi the Hotel Redomlo
£r?™« J \ offered half a dosen or ™' >ro
?« i i, at a ,? olr and tennis tournament,
ana when all the contests were finishwl
in^f i oun( l that every trophy had been
snapped up by a Sutton or a Seymour.
Srmt"w« £ known ' golfing ladies in
Southern California are Mrs. Martin
«nH S *V f °™wJy Miss Bertha Crouch.
?£tlr Mrs ; J U H* Fost «T. wife of the ¦«
ifrt th< L I ' oa A »sele3 Country Club.
fi^ff os i er haa w »n many prizes for her
¦""•„ and ranks in the best half dozea
women golfers of Southern California.
th£» a 2 i n t0 the ladie3 already nam^rl
««tJ&«f e plent >: m ore who are devoted tn
S^ntinn Amon 5 them may ba
mentioned Mrs. P. E. Bowles, wife of tba
; •£'£•¦ c aptaln of the Oakland Golf Club.
£ n' S f »? enthusiastic advocate of *>lf
on t H» clse J or . w °raan und who played
t?aA? nf S5 1 ?l°^ land tables against a
vm?- mi.!\? 8 t1 10 i a(1 y lifers early ihia
?fr. 'tko 9 M * S»"«I»an». Miss Lucy Sloffltt.
mJw mi* 8 >J aS r? e Jt - Mr9 - William A.
Mrl Or^t. 8^. 1 - Dean e. Miss B. Palmur.
THE SUNDAY CAIili.
THE GIRL
6SOME POPULAR SONGS THAT BROUGHT RICHES TO THEIR COMPOSERS.
«|7vP N American was talking with a mu-
If \ sic publisher in London recently of
jf~^ the immense sums a few of . our
song writers have received for their
•wares, believing • that they were excep
tional cases. The Englishman speedily, un
deceived him. \ • ¦,
"Why." he said, "I could name offhand
a dozen songs that have yielded a profit
of £10,000 ($50,000) • each and over and the
value of the copyright of which is to-day
reckoned in the thousands/-, . ' -
"Take, for • instance, Mascheroni's ex
quisite ballad. 'For All Eternity.' I should
not like to say what- weight of gold that
song has yielded, but not very lone ago
the copyright in it was considered to be
worth £2240, a sum for which it was sold
by. Messrs. Puttick & Simpson, the.auc
tioneers. And yet I believe- that .very sons
was offered to a London publisher for a
£10 "note and refused- by him.:. Think Tof.
refusing a thousand sovereigns for. every
one laid down! ,- ' "¦¦ .;. ,
"But then, of. course, one must remem
ber the risk we publishers run. It is a fact
that, of every hundred songs offered to
me barely one is-worth the.cost of print-
Ing and publishing;; and a song that will
yield a few /hundreds of profit is' literally
one in a thousand. .- :,--¦ *¦-¦ • [ ¦-¦... ;-..
"Among songs that have produced more
than £10,C00 in pro 'it I should place firat
Sullivan's .world famous 'Lost Chord.'
This song was ' substantially composed in
less than an hour, and for that, ¦¦• hour's
work • the composer received tin. royalties
quite £10,000— probably, the largest •¦sum
any man has ever earned 'in an hour "by
his '.brain.'.' ,-; • °\ ,
"Then, • again, that ever ~ green song,
'In Old- Madrid,'" must have brought-it3
publisher a profit of nearly £20,000 by. this
time, for. its popularity was at the flood
for many years. • ' ; . .* , • ; : ..
- "Among 1 other goldmines I should place
'The' Better-Land,'.; 'The River of Years,'
'Forever and' Forever," ¦'Goodby,'.. The De
vout, Lover,' 'Nancy 'Lee'— to mention only,
half a dozen, the aggregate profits from
which cannot have been a penny less than
£60,000. .-¦/¦- ¦" ->•¦ ! .: ••
."Among more recent favorites, which,
however,- ¦ are", far from: supplanting, the
older ones, such songs as -.'The River -of
Life,' 'The.Flight of Ages' and 'Beauty's
Eyes', promise to be quiteias rich harvest
bringers to! composers and publishers.
- "Of course, if a song' has anything-in
it, it is a fatal thing to 'sell it outright
to a publisher, as, so many , composes
have ¦ done, to their lasting • regret.
. ; "It is : an old . story that 'Kathleen Ma
vourneen," which never ; seems to lose its
charm : for !. the- public,' was sold for five
pounds sterling. I scarcely.' dare: specu
late how. much the / unhappy , composer
must have lost by this bargain. Some of
Mr. Milton Welling's. best. songs changed
hands for . absurd .prices. -the" composer
scarcely receiving a pound for every thou
sand made by t his publishers. . ¦¦ ,
':'¦ "Fancy being the possessor of such a
song as 'Some Day' for a ten-pound note,
and making- as many- thousands by It!
Alas! Such chances never come ; my way.
•" 'Nancy Lee" was at one time on offer
for, ten pound and refused; although for
some years Mr.' MaybrJck's profits from
this one song averaged over £1500 a year.
That beautiful " and ,- ever, popular ' song 1 .
!To Anthea,' ! was,*I belleva, sold fcr. v a
couple of guineas." * * -1
back yards or standing in the hot sun
until they were; colored to the much-de
sired, necessary russet? ¦ - ¦- ¦• -¦¦¦ ¦:
¦..The fad has struck this town suddenly
Txciwiicirid enough to discuss such a deli
cate subject. If i they couldn't get the
proper shade -by > the country winds; who ;
was to :hlnder them sitting In their -own'
planned yaras or lie on the beach minus
their hats and gloves. They swarm 10
the baths and play in the salt water and
then dress without a shower.
Never do such a foolish thing as that.
Salt water tans quicker and more
evenly.
If that does not work fast enough It la
easy to sit near the water and now and
then casually, you understand, wet the
face on account of the sweltering heat.
San Francisco weather is furiously • hot
when it is hot, so It la not difficult to cora-,
prehend.
The bare-arm girl Is seen Indoors and j
outdoors to-day. .
1 You may tinci her strolling to the letter
box and even downtown shopping.
!? She Is comfortable indeed., and no man
would dare to make goo-goo eyes at her.
Her attire suggests that she Is dying
for a rough and ready fig-ht right on th«
sidewalk and that she would commence
' at the drop of the hat. Nobody would,
ever dream of telling her that black was
white, for she looks absolutely capable or"
' thoroughly disputing the fact. ~
; This bare-armed lassie • Is ever present.
She puts on a dashing hat and goes, to
the theater in the most complacent fash
ion in the world: her dinner frock is made
In the same style, and so. In fact, is her
morning gown. • trsKNMtH
All toilets seem to the masculine eye to
be made to impress upon the spectator
the advantages and healthfulness of a life
in the country.
The ¦ bare-arm girl Is omnipresent with
her skin of tan. ¦ • • ¦ ; •
I What will be the next sunburn, fad?
apparently, but. ,.x,<. really so suddenly.
Now even the girls who are working for
a living air -themselves, every Saturday
•afternoon and Sundays<in the two-by-;!our
*^rf RMS and the man I sing."
f I That, was what Virgil warbled
/ I when the fly-away girl didn't cut
a swath at the beach or where she
JL didn't count for even one in the
mountain*.
To be strictly up to date, the old bare
should begin his epic with a slight revi
sion of the catchy first line:
"Arms and the woman I sing."
That would be much more likely to com
pete in the whimsical market of to-day
•with the Jingle from the jungle by our
popular Kipling.
The bare-arm girl has followed the bare
arm chap Just as she has followed him
in everything else. She is an evolution
from what she was to what she is— slow
but sure, like the development of a shape-
Jess mass into anything beautiful and
symmetrical.
When the maiden fair decided to go In
for athletics she shed her stays, threw
away the eunbonnet, donned a skirt that
suddenly rose from the ground to the
knee and sallied forth in the long-sleeved
shirt waist and high boots as the proper,
thing- to wear In most all kinds of
weather. .
Then came the rage to be at least three
colors darker than one ought to be.
A face and hands painted a dusky
brown became a mark of great distinction.
But even then the girls looked askance
at their brothers* shirts, which were nine
times out of ten sleeveless, or if they
boasted eleeves, were always rolled to
their shoulders when they were working
or even playing. .' • ¦ '
The style seemed to remind tnem
strongly of a farmer or a labor hand.
Then golf struck the town and the ladles
took it up enthusiastically. ¦> - .'. r
It didn't take long for them to under
stand that, be as fashionable and proper
as you please, they couldn't get a good
cut- at the pesky ball with two or three ,
yards of flowing sleeves* waving In tn«
7
. ' .• ¦--,-,: /- - •-. ¦; ,-:¦.¦: ¦ ¦ ¦ ¦
THE SUNDAY CALL.
air and getting mixed up with tne «ud
and. getting torn from belt buckles.
Then the bravest pulled up their sleeves
about an inch.
It was an experiment.
It worked beautifully.
Cautiously, with considerable mental
agitation, the arm was disrobed inch by
inch, day by day. until one maiden, leEis
conservative than 'the re3t, cut away th©
whole bothersome thing.
She found that she couldn't be so horri
bly nice and hope to win the game.
Society nearly had nervous prostration.
People talked -and talked.'
But when the match went down from
115 to the fifties, a mixed foursome, the
bare-armed girl became the most popular
pardner on the links. She;was simply
unhampered in her movements over the
turf. Her muscle was unrestrained, her
cut terrific and her strokes brought vic
tory not only to the golfer but to the
short sleeve. - .
It was swept out of style in .the twink
ling of an eye. . • -
And then all the girls took a lesson In
common sense and put some of their.pru
dish notions behind them without even a
backward glance to see if somebody was
watcnnig. •¦- •
The girl who essayed to row founa that
she could bring more strength to bear on
the oar and that It didn't fly out of the
water half as much If she could devote
her entire attention to the stroke ana not
to her troublesome sleeve.
Another victory for the bare- arm.
The tennis fiend Soon found out. that a
more powerful ewipe could be attained
minus that superfluous bit of cloth, and
she promptly cut it off, tore it off, sawed
it off— anything, in fact, to, get- rid' of it
and win a rattling good game from some
smart chap.
When the little ladies returned from the
shore and tarried for a day or two they
didn't want to lose. any of that lovely,
becoming coat of tan which covered the
face and throat, and that extended from
the tips of their fingers to the bend. In
their elbow. They wanted everybody > to
see, and everybody was' more than pleased
to look, and the bravest even went so far
as to applaud and to do it right heartily.
. That iinished the rest of the girls.
They heard the news from their escorts
and promptly became the hue of the
green-eyed monster as they listened ,- to
favorable comments from the men i who
WITH THE BARE ARM
IS HERETHE SUNDAY CALL.
8
with a theory, and showed that in prac
tice his theory was perfect.
When' he was Police Commissioner he
did not wait for reports, but got out late
at night, and up -early in the mofning;
went the rounds and saw for himself
what was wrong. ' He studied - the crim
inals as he had studied natural history.
He studied the helpless poor, and he stud- /
ied the politicians and the political'meth
ods which he considered responsible. His
work and his books have told the world
with what result.
He studied law until he knew it, so that
none could tangle him in Its meshes, and
then had the good sense to keep out of it.
He wrote magazine articles and books,
not selfishly for the money that he might
make, but for. the go*od they might do.
and the result Is that they are good
books,' of which he and other Americans
may be proud. V >•
Americans will insist on shaking their
President by the hand and they will in-
F'st in the same way on knowing all
about his family. It belongs to them.
Mrs. Roosevelt has fought against pub
licity with a success that speaks for
her ability.' During all the stirring. times
of the reports of San Juan Hill, when
correspondents flocked to her. house; for
news, her strongest request was always
"Leave me out." It was upon that con
dition only that she gave the desired
news, and her wishes were respected
so , thoroughly * that j when the recent
events have brought her more strongly
into notice there was nothing In the way
of Information to be gleaned from writ
ings. ¦ .
But for all that- she is not a woman
IT Is not difficult to be virtuous Jn a
cloistered and negative way.
"Neither is Jt difficult to eucceed
after a fashion in active life if one Is
content to disregard the considera
tions which bind honorable and upright
tn*>n. It la by no mean* easy to combine
honeaty and efnel^ncy. «nd ftt It la ab»o.
lutcly necessary in order to do any work
rfally worth doing.
"It 1a not hard while sitting In on«'p
f>tu£y to d^vlae* admirable plans for the
bettfrment of politic* and sociul condi
tions, but in practice It often proves very
hard to make any nich plans work at all,
no matter how imperfectly.
"The doer la 1»* tte r than the critic, and
the man who strives stands far above the
man who holds aloof, whether because of
pessimism or sheer weakness. Success,
can only come <o the player who 'hlta the
line hard.' "
There is in Roosevelt's own words his
unconsciously drawn description of him
self. It Is from the preface to "American
Ideals," and through the rest of the work
one finds here and there interesting opln-
Jons, for they were written four years be
lore the happenings which have placed
him In the White House, and are there
fore valuable as showing what manner of
man he thinks a President should be.
Speaking of the office of Vice President
he says in a chapter in "American Ideals":
"He presides over the Senate and he has
In Washington a position of marked so
cial importance, but his political weight
as Vice President is almost nil. I
"There Is always a chance that he may
become President. As this is only a
chance It seems almost Impossible to per
suade politicians to give it proper weight.
This certainly does not seem right.
"The Vice President should,' so far as
possible, represent the same views and
principles which have secured the nom
ination and election of the President. He
should be a man standing well In the
councils of the party, trusted by his fel
low party leaders and able in the event
of any accident to his chief to take up
the work oi the latter Just where It was
left. - "
"It Trill be a matter of much Importance
to the nation that the next Vice Presi
dent should stand for some settled policy.
"It is an unhealthy thing to have the
Vice President and the President repre
sented by principles so far apart that the
succession of one to the place of the' oth
er means a change as radical as any pos-
Bible party overturn."
With President Roosevelt there goes
Into the White House a typical American
family; a man who is of the people and
human, a wife -who is first, foremost and
above all things a wife and mother, hap
py in devoting her life to a family of
children who look as though they had
stepped out from a canvas by Sir Joshua
Reynolds.
A man Is as many times a man as he
speaks languages, said one who Is a lin
guist. It might better be said that a
man Is as many times a man as he has
occupations. Gauged- In this wav, Theo
dore Roosevelt is a whole community.
He has run the gamut of human oc
cupations as far as the limitations of
time in his comparatively short life have
permitted. He has ridden wild bronchos
on the plains, when running a ranch in
the West. He has pulled mired cows
from the swamp and branded ' young
calves. He has hunted wolves that were
pulling down yearlings on dark nights.
He has gone on month-long bear hunts
to exterminate ' marauders that were
killing his young colts. . He^ has been a
lawyer, a soldier, an official of the navy,
a writer for magazines, a maker of
books, a regulator of municipal politics,
Governor of a State. He has done all
of these things and each of them well as
the best can do them.
He passed through the tenderfoot stage
and bucked up against bad men, he with
his fists, they with their guns and other,
weapons, until they were glad to give him
a wide berth. When he had demonstrated
that & tenderfoot could break horses
faster, lasso steers more surely" and gen
erally get more profit out . of the woolly
West than the men who. had spent their
lives tangled in It, he went back to the
bad, wild East/and there In Mulberry
the Five Points and the Bowery
he showed what cool grit and clean hands
could do In besting rowdy politicians and
their "adherents. He went Into politics
rhowed hmlth and aplrtts to be rampant
Jn the child.
The six Roosevelt children make a re
markable croup, Hiid It ta easy to ae«
¦why they uttructed all eyea when they
showed themaelv** at the Inauguration
At Washington. The atrlkins picture pre
vented here i» the noted photograph by
Pirle Mucilonuld, who hu» made auch sue
vett* r/lth his camera portraiture. 8e*te<l
In th.< center is Alice, the oldeat and th*
only child of Mr. Koosevelt'a rtrst wife.
Stundins on her right la KtheL and In
trunt of Ethel on the floor sit* Theodor*
Jr., who can hold hi* own with much
larger boy» from all account*. Quenttn.
the bnby of the family. Mtandn on the iett
of Alice. He U Juxt tii old u» the Span
iih-American wur, ami can always re
member hla birthday by that. Next to
him ia Kermlt. and on the extreme light
of the picture the necond youngeat. Arch
ibald, it is well to be acquainted with
theao chiMren. for in the next four year*
they are bound to be brought much befora
the public and will have a tendency to
make the White House a merrier plac«
than it has been for many a day, espe
cially when -"egg-rolling" time comet at
Easter and the children of the city of
Washington congregate on the Whit*
House lawns to roll eggs racing down th»
terraces and peck egss to see whose hard
shelled egg shall win.
It will be Roosevelt's greatest regret on
coming into power that he will have so
little time to devote to the family that Is
so much to him and to which he means
so much, but there 13 a busy life ahead
of, him. for he has the will to make a suc
cess of every one of the theories which
have been so heartily approved by tha
people.
His remark that "the next Vice Presi
dent should stand for some settled pol
icy" is full of meaning. Roosevelt's pol
icy in office has been "enforce the laws."
There are no dead letter laws left lying
around -where he is enforcing them. H»
believes that it is the duty of an execu
tive tc enforce all laws which apply,
whether good or bad. If bad they should
be repealed, and he says "the best way to
get a bad law repealed Is to enforce It.'*
¦There Is one law that he may enforcs
as it has never been in the latter half of
the century anywhere In the world. It
will be remembered that during the first
day that It was known he was to b«
President an assassin started on his
track. The world was once rid of assas
sins. It may be done again. Up to the
year 1&00 there had been the usual num
ber of killings of rulers or assaults updo
them scattered through the decades. Dur
ing the latter part of that year a deadly
bomb was thrown under the coach of
Napoleon as he was passing through a
street on his way to the opera. He said,
nothing much at the time. Went to tha
opera. Went home. Saw Fouche. There
after and even long after Fouche left his
office "as Minister of Police he was a busy
man — he and his agents all over Conti
nental Europe. There were many long
chases apparently without purpose and
many men marked for police capture
without apparently adequate reason, but
for nearly half a century after that tiraa
tn«>re was not another attack worth men
tion on any ruler of the civilized world.
'A century ha3 rolled round and there
jnay be some more repetition ot history.
lacking" In strong , personality. Her ex
treme ¦ good sense; and the grace with
which ' she has always retired from -the
I ublfc glare is shown in. one of thefew;
statements' which' she has made' public.
It was when at the time . of the inaugu
iation pa some "one" asked . as .to whether :
she would live at Washington, and, she ¦:
answered that "they had not enough
money to afford to live at the capital in
the style g in which a Vice President's
family, should live and still do their duty
In properly- educating . and bringing up
their children." Yet there must have
been strong temptation on- the .part of',
any I ordinary -.woman 'to avail . herself of
the 'social .opportunities afforded to -her
as wife of the next to the highest of
ficial in* the 'United: States. .
:At the same time, ,too, a foretaste was
given of the interest which "Washington
would r.tako in' Roosevelt's interesting
family,, for there they sat in the front,
row of-the Senate gallery, Mrs. and Miss
Rocsevelt and the five younger children:
Surrounded byforeign and domostic not
ables, ; they were yet _ the center of all
eyes, tcv it is-a rema"rkable family even
,to look at. Miss Alice Roosevelt is the
fiaughter of a first wife, who died at her
birth, and the other, five children, are the
present Mrs. Roosevelt's. Miss Roose- -
] velt inherited craigiderable sums of
money from her mother and some from
her mother's family, bo that now -Mr.
Roosevelt frequently remarks with a
laugh that he always pays particular" at
icnticn to her. as Hhe Is the only moneyed
one of the family. The younger Roose
velts arc "nt hampered with dignity :
either by Inheritance ; or example, for
their Jolly father IkUcvcs in H«sclng chil
dren Le clnuuen. and he joins in their
- rumps. ...'..
When the eldest uon of Mr. rtoonovclt
-went away to school it v:n* but a mliort
tinelcfcre he sent bncK an account of
torn and destroyed clothing which would
have upnet any errfinaiy father, but to
lt*icso\clt itwug the bent report that ho
cared to , have, for he knew that It I
;¦ ¦ ¦ ¦ ; v
THE NEW PRESIDENT AND HIS FAMILY' They are taken out in groups of six,
and at this stage of their preparation are
given "no severe work. They are walked
quietly about; two miles, are then jogged
the same distance and canter for a mile.
Some of the more sturdy ones are
"breezed" a quarter through the stretch
occasionally. •
Every: move on the part of the young-
!:ng through their veins, are learning
day by day simple lessons of conduct on
the ground over which In days to come
they must strain. every nerve and sinew
In races on , the outcome of which much
money will be wagered. Where all is
peace and quiet now the scene will change
and. 'a « seething. . struggling, cheering
throng of humanity will take the place
of j the birds which are now flittering
about the flowers on the lawn. The exer
cise' boys will give way to jockeys equip
ped with whip and spur, riders whose
whole. education has been to get the last
bit of speed out of the game animals they
are engaged to ride.
' By 6 o'clock each morning the grooms
and exercise boys have disposed of a
substantial breakfast and are ready for
the work of the day. The old horses are
the; first out, and at this season of the
year are given merely enough exercise
to keep them In health. They are walked
and cantered a total of about four miles.
After all these have been disposed of the
yearlings " take their turn." .
' w LTHOUGH the New - C^alifornia
"';•" #-V -Jockey- Club will ,not • open Hhe^
, Mm^L racing season Until November,
: - r .-. work 'of preparation is already
*- .', pi under way. ' Over at Emeryville
track the racing firm of Burns &
Waterhouse .has- 'a~ kindergarten -for •
.thcroughbfeds, the workings of .which
are - a delight. " to ' the horse lover.
Here thoroughbreds, with the
of the most : fashionable families cours-
YOUNG RACEHORSES
ARE UNDER TUITION
The cultivation of sugar extended from
India to Persia some time in the niatix
century.
¦ '¦ ¦' • ";¦ ¦- ' '.-.:, -;¦...;. :• . :
At Bates College, Lewlston. Jle., this
year, sixteen cf the twenty-five honors
were captured fcy girl student*. .
It's .all right for I a man to wake up ! in"
the morning .fresh as a daisy, but; he.
' shouldn't allow his ' freshness to' become
'chronic.,- • '¦• V-jt ""¦¦
-.-"*¦ - . i ¦ '
The tie between R. Gilman Brown and
j. j. Crooks for the Admission day handi
cap for men was played off over thirty
eix holes, medal play, last Sunday, two
rounds being made in the morning and
the remaining two in the afternoon.. In.
the morning's play the contestants were
ne-arly equal, but the strong wind In the
afternoon considerably " Interfered with
the play. K. Gilman Brown proved the
¦winner.
California will be well* represented at
the American Waterloo . meeting, which
will be run at St. Louison the 5th and 6th'
prox. The Pasha Kennels will have Rural
Artist, Rocker and Real Article to try for
honors. E. M. Kellogg has gone on with
his string. Frank ! McComb intends to
winter at St Louis. He will probably
have Anchor and War Eagle of the Curtis
kennel and some /dogs of the Sterl &
Knowles kennel In charge. D. J. Healey
has declared he will be In the stake .with
one or two of his coursers. From \ this
it would seem . California greyhounds,
should bring home the honors of the
event.
•. The . Oakland Golf Club has engaged as
instructor for the coming ' season George
Smith, brother of Willie Smith,' who won
the professional _ championship . of the
United States last year,; and of "Alecik"
'Smith, who -'has been instructor at" the
Coronado Golf Club. -All three brothers
irn ufcll knownito local eolfftrs.
was. played off and resulted in a c victory
for R.G. Brown, _who scored -4 points .on ¦
five drives,' the scores being made up ac
cording to the four-sided •- spaces into
which the balls dropped. The prize offer
ed for the best handicap score, made-by a
! lady over nine holes by Mrs. H.' E. : Skin
ner was captured by Miss Grant,
net score, after deducting a heavy hanci
cap/was-53. -.- .: .;¦¦_• ,-, ' , ; •;
Berkeley's coaches are getting., tha
men in shape 1 in good style. , No heavy
scrimmages have occurred, but various
elevens have' been lined up for practice
in team work without opposition. W. NV.
Smith, the "Locomotive" of half back
fame, returned to college this week to
help coach. He will remain with the
squad until he goes north in about three
weeks to instruct the University of Ore
gon pigskin kickers.
' The college boat club is planning for
several interclass regattas after the in
tercollegiate football' game. They will
take place on the Oakland estuary. •
The University of Oregon has com .
municatcd I with Graduate Manager De
coto, asking California to send a team
rorth for a game. in Portland on Thanks
giving, day. Oregon will guarantee the
expenses of fifteen Berkeley men or glvu
them half the gate receipts. The north
ern university's offer Is under considera
tion. • • / . . '
The provisional date for the University-
Reliance game is the 28th inst,, tho
teams to meet on the Berkeley gridiron.
eleven within a' day or so with,
the team fr6m St. Matthew's School in
opposition. The freshman eleven has:
not been picked and when the game takest
placemany substitutes will be put in. to
give all the. men possible an opportunity
to shW.what they can do against &
strange .team. The freshmen will play
several practice games with the prepara
tory schools about the. bay.
BKRKELEY, Sept. 2i.-Plans are
; being made to jj have . the ¦ first
practice game of the University
of California freshman football.
The most promising of : the younger
players among . the men , are j John Gibson,"
Charles Kuehn and Carl Gardner." ¦ ¦
! On' the local courts" there are at least
a dozen ladies playing regularly. • While
none: of the ladies: are: experts, several
give promise of developing into good play
ers. • Miss' Ethel Smith is by far the most
promising of the : fair'; sex, and although
only a beginner she alre'ady plays a good
game. ; ; ,
The biggest tournaments of the «- week
were held on the. .courts of ..Congress
Springs, Santa Clara County. Several of'
the local cracks were on hand, and with
the experts of Santa Clara and, San Joae
played ¦ some exciting matches. Thesei
courts are probably the best earth courts
in the State.*. They are almost as true as
asphalt courts. Had these" tournaments
beeh # held earlier, in the season a i much
larger^ntry ri list would ; § have resulted.'
Next . year some invitation tournaments
will be held and player's from all parts of
the State will compete.
On Monday last the lady guests of the '
Hotel Rafael held a tournament at that'
place, in which only novices were allowed
to enter. Although the ladles hardly
played. as well as the Suttons, the matches
were close arid interesting. •
? fact that the season is about over,
tournaments • are being held In all" parts
of the State. During the past week three
important tournaments were held. The
first was the Initial one on the Golden
Gate Park courts and was held last Sun
day:. It was a small affair, but it brought
out some promising young players. Those
in charge of those courts^ do not 'favor
the plan of holding tournaments, but in
this they make a " mistake, as. nothing
creates more interest in' the game than
lively competition, with something: to
play for. The five pourts ' already . in
do. not begin to accommodate the players,
and it has become necessary., to' build
three new ones. It would greatly add. to
.the comfort' of the players'if dressing
rooms and showers were at their disposal.
These could easily be put in, as the old
band stand is lying idle and water is plen
tiful. - ' ¦;.•' . ' ¦_ -.¦¦.;¦ ¦;.;. ¦¦;;/¦ ... ;
TENNIS is regaining its former popu
larity, and -the coming year will ap
parently see the game once; more, in
'a, flourishing: condltioh. Despite the
The tie: in the day. driving!
competition for men between | R. Gilman >
Brown/- C. . P. ¦ Pomeroy," and : W. ? jV Casey ;
.,jThe competition for the new trophy em
blematic, of the " men's ', -championship •; of
the San Rafael Golf Club has been going
on at intervals, and with;an interruption
on' account ; the. President's : death.. In
the opening match- play., round the results
were as follows: ¦ R. J. Davis beat George
Heazelton 7 up 5 to play; ,C. :P. :Pomeroy
beat Douglas Hardy' 5 up ". 4 '. to 'playV RI
Gilman Brown-beat C. A. Belden'4 up 2
to play, and J.J., Crooks beat E. J; Hoop
er 8 up 7 to -play.' The .semi-final round
took place yesterday, R. "; J. Davis being
matched against C/J*. ' Pomeroy and R.
Gilman ' Brown • against "j. v J. Crooks. The
two winners . will play the final round at
their mutual convenience.! '" '-¦ :
be seen on the Presidio links on
'Saturday afternoons and Sundays. The.
first event to take place will be a contest
for the council's cup for men, the qualify-;
ing round for which will probably be held
early in October. ¦ • .'• > ; . ¦ •
.' The Oakland; golfers are already prac
ticing, ftnd the club/expeets to do^well in
competition's this season, as it is said -its ;
:rank3 ¦ will' be strengthened by the addition
of B. D.' Adamson, i one 'of -the best and
most consistent players on- the Presidio
links, : and of H. M.. Sears, : who won .the
men's championship of .'the Los Angeles ;
C,ountry .Club, on Admission 'day. .- Sears'
score of SS, SI, total 167, for thirty-six holes
is the record amateur score for.the Coun
try Club course, and beats the previous
record of 169 held , by C. E. . Maud. ; .
5J.W. Byrne and. C. E. Maud have been
playing recently together on the Presidio*
course. After the first rain has fallen the
¦newly. 'mp.de greens of the Fresidio links
.will 'be ready, for • use,. and the course will
..bg^considerabiy longer and better than be
fore. ' .The fault of ' the San Francisco
course is its monotony, all the holes ex
cept the fir3t,' third and ninth, which have
a ."bogey." of five each, being fours. '• The ¦
.course as rearranged will take in a 'piece
of land on the northerly side of the road
beyond the third putting green and will
'considerably, lengthen the third hole.
Other, holes will be somewhat changed,
and the ninth hole will " be " considerably
lengthened, so that'"bogey'\-wlll v be 6. '
OFFICIALS of. the : San Francisco
Golf Club have notvas yet pre
pared any schedule jj of events,
though . numerous playerslare to
- With -. these goers r and such youngsters
as. Cold : Shivers, Freeze Out, the speedy
A. J. Martin. Amedee and : Farinie Hughie,
which represent the' pick of • the Futurity,
the"; Junior. Champion" stake .will indeed
have a fine list "of f entries.'*:":-, "
'¦' '., Tralee Boy has undoubtedly earned the
.right, to travel in the best coursing society..
His victory in a stake where his oppo
jhents , were : experienced . and seasoned
campaigners places him in the front ranks
of ctfursers. Tame Tralee, his litter
brother, has fulfilled early predictions and
can find a good share of backing for any
honors he. tries for. ,:. : v ¦
:.. ' John Rqsseter . has a \ great puppy in,
' Royal ' Archer", whose work has stamped :
i him a; fast, strong and willing "candidate
*in any company. "Real Aristocrat, \toq, is
. to be heard from. ;While not; 'possessed of : :
y the .-speed"'; of ; Archer, he; is, regarded:?a'
great worker \ jon S;the game. \ Hickory
\ Dick's showing In/ the classic event makes
Vhim an ¦eligible .- for "any" select affair.-,
'Wherever he runs" he will have wise back
; ing. ; ~' V.- v . K'-J '¦ 'v ; ' ¦ ":.:: r ¦'• •.-¦¦ ,¦'¦¦¦¦¦'"' ¦.'.•
¦ -Aeolus, was the-unfortunate of the FiP
turity. He \ had two-, heart-breakingr
courses, that put him oft what certainly
looked the sure* road to first" .honors.
George Malcolm, his owner, is. glad of the
opportunity prove -the fast .-youngster
a champion. -..", 'y '¦¦¦'¦ ' ;'. ¦¦
'<: The .Union Coursing Park management
hit upon an idea which when presented'to
the- owners 1 , met with- their hearty 'and
ready'-appfoyal. . The: plan is to have a
Junior stake* to \ be'- run on '• the
28th. and 29th .inst, foivV'hich any puppy
whelped Jn ''¦ 1900 .is eUgiWle^ An
fee"- of ¦ $15 . adds ... ginger, to '. the . suggestion,
and the .'rivalry is already so pronounced
that. the! owners are talking of makirfg It
a sweepstake affair. '•. ."--... : *
- : ; K formed. in this country. Some go'
so far as to claim they are not excelled, in
any country. That the puppies of the last
Futurity are considered the equal of any
thing in the coursing Jine is shown by the
earnestness of their owners in declaring
them for the rich 'John Grace challenge
cup stake.':' Before. that big event is. "run
the youngsters .will be • seen .in a stake
that is "made to order" for them, and, It
is .almost a, certainty every dog that,
makes a. satisfactory, showing • will be
named for theseason's greatest meeting,
tho'John Grace cup. _i r . > 1; _'/ ;
AS with one voice the followers • of
coursing affirm • that • the young
greyhounds of this season are
., by far , the best that have per-
Newly Made Greens on Presidio
\ Links Will Make the ; Course
a Much More Desirab.'e One
Y%/ng Dcgs Seen on Ccursmj
¦¦Field This Year Pronounced
v the Finest Ever Slipped
Pastime Att acts Many of /ts
• Old Devotees — Golden < Gate
Park Grounds Przve Popular
The Football Elevens Are Lining
Up on the .Gridirons at
'.', the Universities and E'ss where
PRACTICE IS ON
FOR THE BIG
GAME.
GOLFERS AWAIT
THE WINTER
RAINS
TENNIS PLAYERS
ON VARIOUS
COURTS.
OWNERS FRAISE
CALIFORNIA
HOUNDS.
-The training is not all done. under sad
dle. In recent years some horses are
given their exercise hitched to a cart.
This takes the weight of a rider off the
horde's legs. 'Some horses. behave, much
better in harness than.' under saddle.
They can be walked, cantered or galloped;
their handlers usually selecting a time
when the track Is clear of other horses.
Much'of the steady jogging is done on the"
road. ' ¦ . :.
The majority of the exercise boys are
sturdy youngsters ranging in weight from
fifty to eighty pounds. Nothing Is re
quired of them outside the riding they do,
the remainder of the day being their own.
They are all fond of baseball and other
games. In the winter they spend the long
evening at school in their home adjoin
ing the training stable. There is the best
understanding between themselves and
the trainers, no severity nor harsh
language being required to keep them up
to their work. The actions of the horses
show the boys to be thoroughly compe
tent. Jockey J. Ransch is a graduate
from this school. At present he is one of
the stable's head jockeys.
Among the youngsters which will sport
the orange, blue sleeves of Burns &
Waterhouse are youngsters by Altamax.
Libertine. Mount McGregor. Torso. Lov
dal and Figaro. ¦ They .are out of such
well known mares as Paloma, Picnic.
Early Rose, Toluda, Burna, Sweet Rose
and Juanita.
r. This does not end the cares of the
trainer. Before retiring for the night,
lantern In hand he» visits the stall of
every,horse in his charge. The mangers
are inspected to see that none of the
horses are off their feed. Blankets are
readjusted and the horses made as com
fortable as possible for the night.
In the evening they are quietly walked
about, the yards and are then made, up
for the night. .
When the allotted amount of work has
been done the horses are ridden back to
the grand stand as though at the end of
a race. The exercise boys dismount,
saddles are removed and the horses are
rubbed down. This is merely intended
to quiet them and accustom them to the
track and its surroundings. This rub
bing process continues for ten minutes
and is not intended as a complete toilet
for the embryo racers. When it is com
pleted, the horses are walked down tho
track and past the 'stand and then back
to their stables. Here the grooms take
them in hand in earnest and rub them un
til their coats glisten in the sunlight.
sters is done under the direction of Ben
Timmons, the trainer. He stands on the
track and gives his orders and then sees
them carried out to the letter. If one
of the horses Is off his feed his exercise
may be of the simplest character.
YOUNG' '-THOROUGHBREDS.' RECEIVING; TffiEi&FjRST; LESSONS ON THE TRACK AT EMERYVILLE.
It is probable that the programme of
;he San Francfscos, which in former
years Included half a dozen hops at the
clubhouse, will next year show very few
dances, as they were found a source of
serious expense and to do the club or its
members very little good. Formerly the
club used to hire a tug; at a~cost" of $30
or more to convey guests back to j the
city after the dance, but this expense has
been cut off.
The clambake which was to have been
given in Paradise Cove last Sunday by
the San Francisco Yacht Club was called
off on account of the President's death,
though the clams, sweet potatoes, corn,
etc., had already been sent up to. the
lendezveus. It cannot take place during
the present season as all the Saturdays
and Sundays to the end of October are
already filled with scheduled event?.
During the week just passed W. M.
Edgell, recording secretary of the . San
Francisco Yacht Club, left the, city for
New York, where he will witness the
races for the America's Cup. After they
are over he will go across the Atlantic to
England, where he will remain for some
months. W. G. Morrow, formerly finan
cial secretary of the San Francisco*, will
act as corresponding secretary during
Mr. EdgelTs absence. '•
•fhe sloop Freda of the Corinthian Yacht
Club and the Secret of the California
Yacht Club have lately been under repair
at Tiburon. At the end of the season the
sloops Speedwell and Genesta of the Co
rinthian Yacht'Club will be taken up the
Corte Madera Creek and will remain dur
ing the winter at Larkspur.
so variable as to make the time
of return from a long cruise somewhat
doubtful. As the tide runs out all morn
ing till 12:30 p. m. to-day [conditions are
favorable for an outside cruise and sev
eral of the yachtsmen will sail out to or
a little beyond the heads. The San Fran
cisco Yacht Club has a cruise outside on
signal from the flagship on its. schedule
and the Corinthians will also take an
ocean sail. The day Is open on the-pro
gramme of the California Yacht Club.
Next Saturday, the 2Sth inst., the San
Francisco and California Yacht clubs will
take the last cruise of the season to
Vallejo, sailing back to their anchorages
next day. The 'Corinthians will sail to
Paradise Cove next Saturday afternoon
and evening, where clam chowder will be
prepared for the yachtsmen. 1 Next day
there will be a race for small boats over
a course to be selected by the regatta
committee. ¦¦•'"¦ ¦ * . •• "
WITH the approach of winter the
yachting season is rapidly. draw-
Ing to a close. The winds have
already become so light" and
Variable, Making the Tme
of a Boat's Return Doubtful
Winas Hav3 Become Light and
YACHTS READY
FOR FUR LING
OF SAILS.
Space on ihe Water Front So
Valuable That Desirable Lo
cations Are Hard to Find
Association, the oarsmen being more
genuinely amateurs then many of the
other athletes.
managers of the Pacific "Association it
was suggested that a trophy should be
offered to the barge crews in the form of
a challenge cup which must be won three
times before passing into the possession
of any crew or club. As the Pacific Asso
ciation has not given any championship
regatta during 1901, the races held on July
4 or Admission day will be considered as
Fettling the championship of this season.
Rowing is In the- cleanest condition of
aH the sports contro'led by the Pacific
The rowing Beason of 1901 will be
brought to a conclusion by the Alameda
Boating Club, which has appointed a com
mittee to prepare a club championship re
gatta to be held next month on Lake
Merritt. The committee originally con
sisted of three members, but at the last
meeting of the club the number was in
creased to five, these belns "W. B. Hlnch
man (chairman), A. G. Bell, W. G. Han-
Een, Fred W. Ayers and H. E. Nelson.
There will be senior. Junior a-nd interme
diate barge races, and senior and Junior
outrigged ekiff races. As the South End
barg* crew that went to Astoria is not
satisfied with the results of the racing
there, it will be Invited to a friendly con
test on Lake Merritt. The Boating Asso
ciation of the University of California
may also eend a crew.
If the Olympic Club succeeds in getting
the ground near Sessions Basin, East
Oakland, for an athletic field, it is certain
that boating will attract much more at
tention among the members than it has
hitherto done. It will then be impossible to
reach the boathouse in forty-five minutes
from the foot cf Market street, and to
return every half hour during the day. It
is not unlikely that the Columbia Rowing
Club, the quarters cf which are on Ses
sions Basin, would combine with- the
Olympic Club. Oaklan-J Creek would then
become the headquarters of oarsmen on
San Francisco Bay, as clubs would feel
certain of remaining undisturbed on the
creek for many years, whereas two of the
city clubs, the Pioneers and the Ariels,
are at present without houses or any im
mediate prospect of securing them. Space
on the city front has become so valuable
for commercial purposes that it is hard
for clubs to find suitable locations -for
bcathouses, and even after they have got
them they are not certain of being able to
retain them.
At the first meeting of the new board of
barges and ekiffs in another Ions
trip by rail. The Alameda barge was
blistered and injured and S. J. Pembroke's
outrigged 6kiff had a hole punched in her.
The Dolphin Boating Club Is bo prosper
ous and has so many boats In Its house
that It has been compelled to refuse to
permit any new member to put a boat in
the clubhouse, as all the available space
Is already occupied. T. R. Keenan, who
is an excellent amateur boatbuilder, has
been at work on the Dolphin barge, and
has lightened It so much that It Is now
but little. If at all, heavier than the new
est barges. Mr. Keenan has built an out
rigged skiff on the same lines as the new
TV>)phin skin! built In Massachusetts,
which is like a miniature barge. The club
will hold a ladies* day next month, at
which there will be races in outrigged
eklffs, canoes and barges, as ¦well as div
ing and swimming contests. The junior
single sculling championship of the club
¦will be raced for between Loo "Wienand
and T. J. Sherry, a medal being offered
for the winner. The German and Irtish
sections of the club will also hold their
annual barge race, an event which gen
erally excites a great deal of interest.
THE oarsmen who went to the As
toria resatta have received their
boats at last. It Is unlikely the
clubs will consent to eend their
BOATING CLUBS
IN QUEST OF
QUARTERS.
THE SUNDAY jCALli.
CANDIDATES FOR TURF HONORS
9THE i SUNDAY CALL;
here are two delicious frosty desserts
that come-in like cold breezes..
STRAWBERRY CHARLOTTE GLACE.
Partially freeze a pint of cream and a
pint of milk cooked with a quarter cup
of sugar, one teaspoonful arrow root. Add
a box of strawberries passed through a
sieve, one cup sugar, half teaspoon lemon
juice, i Line a mold with ladyfingers, pack
with frozen cream, cover securely and
pack In Ice and salt for an hour.
COLD STRAWBERRY PUDDING.
Soak a box of gelatin in a half cup
cold water until softened, add one cupfui
boiling water, juice of two oranges, one
cupful sugar, one pint strawberry juice
stir until sugar is^ dissolved, turn- into a
mold which has been dipped in cold water,
set on ice until thoroughly chilled. When
firm fill the remaining space in the mold
with the following:
Soak a half- box of gelatin, in three
quarters of a pint of cold water/dissolve
over the flre. add the rind and juice of
two lemons, four tablespoonsful sugar, a
pinch of salt, strain; place on ice until It
begins to grow firm, then add the stiffly
beaten whites of two eggs and whip until
it becomes the consistency of sponge.
When the'. whole is! ready to serve dip
mold an instant in hot water, invert; on
dish, garnish with whipped cream : and
strawberries.
THE WAY TO CLEAN
AN OIL STOVE.
THE first thing to-be done in clean
ing an oil stove is to remove the Iron
top which acts as a chimney. Turn
'' ;^ e'ach wick as low as possible In the
burner.- Wring a small. soft cloth out of
hot .suds and rub it hard on z.- cake of
sand soap, then with a wooden skewer or
a small - pointed . blunt-- knife .push '.'; the
cloth dowron theinside'of the burner a
good quarter of an Inch and rub off all the
brown deposit; this will probably- require
considerable scouring. ' if it cannot; be got
rid of^in this way scrape It off with the
knife. 1 Next scour the outside off the
burner, . lift : off. the netting and scour
thoroughly. Wipe all parts with a dry
cloth." : Turn th'e.wick upland rub off tjie
charred edge.". If necessary, cut each wick,
then light to make sure that* it is even.
Once it is cut true it will seldom need
more' than a daily rubbing off. 'of :-~ the
charred portion and the clippingVof loose
threads. "When not in use the -wick should
be turned down until just; below!. the top
of ¦ the burner. * The \ iron' chimney .rwill
probably need a cleaning, : : rub
bing hard with the soaped cloth and skew
er.. When ; every "corner is perfectly clean
it-is rubbed dry/ and replaced oh the
¦stove." ;A^;.V •• '•'¦¦' y\- ¦':''...¦ '^\ - \vV '*¦"-£ '-¦ ¦¦
' This ; first cleaning',; especially If the
stove -has been ¦' in. use : for. some time, is
likely to ;be; difficulty but \ once clean 'the
Lu.-ner and chin-.ney can ue nepc-in gooa
condition by "going" lightly over them
daily. Then by beings careful to avoid the
smoking the oil stove should prove what
it is intended to be— a thoroughly useful
article, and with care should last', for
many years.— Cornelia C. Bedford, ip Aug
ust Ledger Monthly.;' 1 ¦ * r -^
WHY MUST BUTTER
BE SALTED?
<a<aC>tfHY is, butter salted? Mrs. C C.
\V^ :Frank?arid; gives a scientific an
' \i\l • swer:: "We -must fi rs t realize
- - >'. »*"• -that' the bacterial population
of aimoderate-sized pat of butter mav : be
reckoned; by minions; that a tiny : lump
only r large enough ," to ¦ go^lnto ' a thimble
has ' been known to be tenanted .^by nearly
48,000,000; that; ' in fact, "^ in*! consuming f a
•lice ; of i bread : and " : butter.' you may un-
consciously ds assimilating Individual
lives exceeding in number those of the
whole of Europe! . ¦; " *
"Thus the urgency for keeping these,
hordes in check, and' hence tha efforts
which made first to set up effectual
barriers to their ingress by taking proper
precautions in the production /of milk,
and, secondly, in the conduct of the pro
cesses involved; in 'the manufacture - and
distribution of. the finished 'article. In
cluded In these 1 processes Is the addition
of salt in such quantities as to justify the
butter being known as salt butter, this
addition being made with the object of
extending the keeping powers of the • but
ter, or. In other words, to suppress* to a
large extent the activities' of the butter
bacteria. That salt does act In this man
ner is shown by .th°yf act that in butter
thus /treated a very, large reduction in"
the number of micro-organisms present is
effected. ; There can be little doubt, there
fore,' that the common butter microbes do
not : by any means regard salt as their
elixir 'of life/' ' ' '„ ."¦¦ ""¦ i
The writer aiso refers to the Invest**
gations of a Russian savant. M. Zakher
bekoff. who carried out an elaborate in
quiry into the bacterial quality of th«
milk supplied to St. Petersburg. The fig
ures he obtained are appalling. Milk de
scribed and supplied as the purest pro
curable was found to contain a minimum
of over 1C.00O.C0O and a maximum of no
less than S3.000.000 of bacteria In from 20
to 25 drops, while in other samples a
.minimum of 2,400,000 and a" maximum of
114,500,000 -were found. How unnecessary
such bajcterial pollution of milk is may b«
gathered from the fact that milk under
normal healthy conditions contains no
bacteria whatever as It issues from th«
cow; that If due precautions of cleanli
ness, etc.. are observed milk may be ob
tained absolutely sterile, or, in other
words, entirely devoid of bacterial Ufa.
Such milk has frequently been procured
from cows in cases where It has been re
quired in its natural state, free from bac
teria, for experimental purposes.— Long*
man's Magazine.
THERE are certain dishes that the
ordinary housekeeper sets down as
out of her line. She looks upon
them as prcfefs:onal. The imported
chef surrounds them with a mys
tery that she never probes. As a matter
of fact, there are few. if any. of the dishes
served at swagger restaurants that cannot
be fairly reproduced by the. amateur if
she has only the genius of infinite pains.
Frogs' legs are one of the«e. Now that
frogs are raised for market. near by. there
is no reason why we should not be vary
ing the routine of our ov.-n simple tables
by means of a recipe like this.
FROGS* LEGS.
Dip the saddles into fine commeal. then
into beaten ecrg seasoned with pepper, salt
and lemon juice; redip into the meal and
fry in deep, smoking hot fat.
Serve on a folded napkin with pieces of
lemon.
That point of the commeal is a good
one to remember, anyway. Use it with
clams, oysters or cutlets as a change from
cracker crumbs.
Another article that the amateur han
dles gingerly is a planked fish. It's easy
if you know how and own the planking
board.
PLANKED FISH.
Any kind of fjsh can be treated in this
manner; split dojwn the back, after scaling
and removing fins, retaining head and tail.
Remove entrails and wipe inside and out
with a damp cloth, then fasten to a but
tered planking board with large-headed
steel tacks. Set on trivet in dripping pan,
cover with bits cf butter and set in. hot
oven to roast, basting frequently. When
done, dust with salt, sprinkle with lemon
juice and serve on the planking board
placed on platter.
Ancther school of cooking that the
young housekeeper usually steers clear of
is that of the past generation. Pie crust
and biscuits that our mothers tall grand
mothers made had a deliciousness that we
don't dare try to eaual.
There is nothing like taking the bull by
the horns. Here are some, explicit direc
tions for old-fashioned dishes? that ought
to find the well-known way to any man's
heart.
STRAWBERRY SHORTCAKE.
Mix one. of flour, one teaspoonful
salt, two teaspoonfuls baking powder; cut
in two tablespoonfuls butter; when like
meal add one pint 'of milk. Divide into
i thirds, roll oyt and bake in greased pans.
When done, spread with butter and crush
ed strawberries, dust wJth fine sugar and
serve with cream.
When strawberries are out cf season the
shortcake can be varied like .this: -
ORANGE SHORTCAKE.
Make dough as for strawberry , short
cak». dividing the dough into halves
Spread with butter, dust thickly with fine
pugar and cover with sweet orange slices.
Pass whipped cream.-
FRIED CAKES.
One-half cup butter rubbed smooth with
one scant cup sugar, one egg well beaten,
one and a half cups milk, one and a ha!f
pints of flour, two teaspoons baking pow
der, half teaspoon nutmeg. Mix into a
soft dough, roll out about a half inch
thick, cut into circles and fry in smok
ing hot fat. When cold roll in fine sugar.
BAKED BOOK ROLLS.
jOne quart flour, half teaspoon salt, two
teaspoons baking powder, rub in one ta
blespoonful butter, then mix into a smooth
dough with one pint of milk. Knead once
or twice on a. floured board, roll out a
half inch thick. Cut rolls with circular
cutter, fold one half over the other half,
brush with milk, lay on greased tin-and
bake Sfteen minutes in hot oven.
COLESLAW AND SAUSAGE.
A tempting way to serve coleslaw is to
shred it fine, season with pepper, salt and
a little melted butter; arrange on a di*h
with sausage nicely browned. Just be
fore sending to the table add vinegar.
It is not every one who knows the value
of a simple salad. Salads are overelabor
ate these days. Here is a delicious recipe
for these warm fall days:
TOMATO AND CUCUMBER SALAD.
Dip the tomatoes into boiling water for
an Instant, then Into cold, when the skins
will be readily removed. Chill, then cut
into slices.
Pare cucumbers which have been thor
oughly chilled, cut into slices.
Arrange individual dishes as illustrated
end serve with a dressing:. <¦
.While we are talking- about warm days,'
DISHES FOR
THE EPICURE
10\ ¦ ¦ i" ... . • ¦
This, though generally true, cannot. Ilka
more ambitious weather prognostications,
be always relied on.
There never Is a Saturday withoufsun
shlhe. Just why Saturday should be se
lected Is rather difficult to determine.
St. Swithln and the ground hog are very
generally.' regarded as sure weather
prophets, for. although the former Is de
creased; his day, when marked by rain,
means forty continuous days . of . failing:
weather. • The ground hog also, has his
day, upon- which should he see. his shad
ow, he retires, confident in the anticipa
tion of a protracted speil of bad waafher.
Another weather guide connected with
the moon is that to see "the old moon* In,
the arms of a new one" is reckoned a
sign of fine weather, and so Is the turn
ing up of the horns of the new moon.
The list of popular superstitions, some
• confined to certain districts, peoples or
countries, others, more or less universal.
fo welt-nigh endless and affords ctirlous
illustration or-: the methods adopted -by
•man for reading the "inscrutable futUr*.—
' The applicationof this is that if the new
moon happens on a Saturday, the" weather
will be bad for the ensuing month.
./Rain before seven, ; ' - .. r
. : Fine before . eleven, :. _.. :
It' is good „ luck to see ; . the new moon
over the right shoulder, but over the left
shoulder the reverse. If you see the hew
moon; through "a' window and have coin
about you, '..every piece of -coin should be
turned' for luck. Superstitions regarding
the moon are more prevalent In. the coun
tryr doubtless," ; than, Jn the city. Thus
some farmers consider It unlucky to kill
a'. pig; in.',the -wane of the moon; '. If It la
done the pork will waste in boiling. Often
one hears the shrinking of bacon in the
pot attributed to the fact of the pig. hav
ing been killed. In the moon's decrease,'
and the death of poor piggy is frequently
delayed, or hastened, soas to happen dur
ine" its increase.
x A Saturday moon,' If It comes once ' In
seven years, '• comes ,once top soon.
gar ding the moon and the weather, which
one hears every day. The following may
be mentioned: • - " : >>v v^
As hot cross-buns are being Introduced
into this country, It may be noted In I con-
.."It is unlucky to enter a house, which
you are going to occupy, by the back
door." "Lightning will not strike elder
wood.". : The reason for this superstition
is probably the tradition that the cross
on which our Savior was crucified ! was
made of this wood. .Dean French, in one
of the notes to his "Sacred Latin Poetry,"
accounts for. the trembling of; the leaves
of. the aspen tree by saying, that the crosa
was made of Its "wood and that since then
the tree" has never ceased to, shudder. .
¦ If one would have' good luck h« must
wear something new on Whitsunday, not
KasteY. -*.,¦ . :.' : . r ' ¦
Among miscellaneous superstitious say
ings the following' may be' noted: ¦•¦ .''¦'
frock, that I? a sign that her father loves
her better than heir mother does; perhaps
because It Is plain that her mother does
not attend s«o much to her dfesB as ahe
ought to-'do; whereas her .father might
love her very much and at the same time
be very ignorant or unobservant of the
rluhts and wrongs of female attire.
town of Bury St. Edmunds. About four
miles from this place is Barton Mere^ —
an eccentric piece ofwater, which varies
In size from' twelve to fourteen ; acres to a
email pond, and ;, is "entirely
dried up. It Is regarded locally as a sure
Indication of the value of corn stalks. .. It
Is, in fact, a well-attested fact' that the
price of corn and the height of. water, fre
quently do vary together. It is ' supposed
that ¦: the character -. of ) tho weather may
affect both in common. /
T In the c 'same'mann«r"- the saying: 1 ."If
the raindrops; bang on the window, more
will come to join them," may be account
ed for ;by the fact that' it Is a sigm of
slow . evaporation^' of, the presence of
abundant moisture; which will be likely
to precipitate itself in the form of more
rain.' "', ' \_ -"V • "' . ; -^ '
If, when you are fishing and count what
you have taken, ; you^wlll-.not catch ' any
more.' To discover- a drowned* body, cast
an apple into the stream at a point above
the spot where the body.ls supposed to be.'
The; apple .wilj'drlft down; and -stop over
the ; place;. where the: corpse He's.'- '¦
, There are \ some i odd • buperstitions imr
Readers of the .Immortal . "Pickwick
Papers"- will recall mention therein oi Um
' 'Mushrooms 'will not grrow after they are
seen. ' Very naturally, the first person that
sees them gathers. them. ' .
Superstitions with ; respect to the cut
ting of the nails are of - ancient date."
Heslod, In his! 'Works and Days" says:
"Not to cut from the five-branched with
glittering iron -the dry from the quick in
the rfch feastj of the :g6ds." « . '¦/,, :
nectlon with that pastry that, according
to English superstition, they will; If prop-,
erly made, never get moldy. To make
them, properly.', the" materials, muat'be
mixed, the dough', mado and , the buna
baked on. Good Friday. :
Regarding the cutting of the finger.
nallS— ¦ ¦ ' ; '¦''[ \\ . ', ¦ ¦ '" . : .'..¦ •.
Cut 'em on 'Monday.' you cut 'em for health;
Cut >m on Tuesday;- you cut 'em for wealth; jj
Cut ,'em on Wednesday, you cut :'tm ' for, newt;
Cut 'em on Thursday,,*, pair .'of newohoes; . :
Cut ' 'im on Friday.': you cut ,'«n . for Borrow; ¦
Cut 'em on' Saturday,- you'll' see your true love I
'to-morrow; " ' • ' * . ','
Cut .'em on Sunday and you'll have the devil
' with you all the week. ¦
STUDENTS of human nature declare
that almost all persons are supcr
e'Jticus. The belief In good nnd
b&C vCiens. the construing of trivial
accidents and happenings of the present
Into grave portents of the future Is as old
as recorded hibtory. Such apparently
childieh mental process Is often attributed
t-ontemptuously to peasants or persons of
inferior knowledge or education, but it is
a well known fact that Dr. Johnson, one
of the grave5t. most learned and phil
osophical minds of modern time*, was a
veritable slave of superstition.
Without entering Into the origin and
"history of this peculiar form of belief,
common to many of the greatest men of
antiquity artf the present, It is interesting
and curious to gather eo.me of. its most
popular and current forms in England
and this country.
Old sayings regarding clothes are still
Implicitly believed In by many; as for
.Instance:
It Is lucky to put on any article of dress,
particularly stockings, inside out; but if
you wish the omen to hold good, you must
Another and weird belief regarding per
sonal attire is that the clothes of the dead
will never wear long. When a person dies
and his or her clothes are given away, to
the poor, it is frequently remarked: "Ori,
they may look very well, but they won't
wear; they belong to the dead." *
I -If a girl's petticoats are longer than her
When William the Conqueror, In arming
himself for the battle of Hastings, hap
pened to put on. his shirt of mail with the
ihlndslde before, the bystanders seemed to
have been shocked as by an Ill-omen, un
til William- claimed It as a Rood one, be
toktnlng that he was to be changed from
a Duke to a King. The phenomenon of
the "hindsidc before" Is so closely related
to that of "inside out" that one can hard
ly understand their being taken for con
trary omens.
continue to wear the revertwl portion of
your attire in that condition, till the regu
lar time comes for putting It off— that is,
either bedtime or before a bath. If you
net it right you will "change the luck." It
w!lf bo of no use to put on anything with
the wrong sidg out on purpose. '
GOOD AND EVIL OMENS FOR THOSE SUPERTITIOUSLY INCLINED
Ex-Speaker Reed- was In the 'Suprema
Court at Washlngton.D. C, recently.wnen.
the Justices were slow In assembling. [ Mr.
Reed waited with an elephantine patience.
Presently a frjend of his leaned, over, to
him and whispered, "Mr. Speaker, can't
you count a quorum?" A look of grava
reproach* overspread the retired states
man's face. "Sir," said he. in a tone of
dignity, "you forget that when I counted
a quorum there always was a Quorum."—
I Her face wreathes In intense admiration
at her father's prowess, when, as" is his
wont at these, oft recurring feasts, he
He is drifting how, afraid to meet the
issue, and while he waits the- happy, bird
like girl throws her whole Eplrit Into the
primitive pleasuie3 of the Igcrrotes, tread
ing the shuffling dance at native feasts
to the' sound of monotonously pounded
wooden drums,' dipping her dimpled hands
into the communal dishes of boiled hog
and rlce^and watching, .with awestruck
-face, the incantations of the'. witchllke<
sorceress as she smears great splotches
of warm hog'a blood on the cheeks of the
family to propitiate the spirits.
It is a mortal hurt to him. however. He
knows the day will come— and not so fur
distant, either— when this girl-woman will
be out of the chrysalis entirely, and will
flutter her Wings. What then? His lave
for his daughter Is a fierce and frightful
devotion and Jealousies consume him, even
in conjuring the future that he knowa
must come: broken hearted dismay over
whelms him at the thought that his duty
and honor, as a father, demand he shall
make her future compatible with her
training. and blood.
UKe surprising and wounding a lion with
her cubs. He positively roared in anger
that any. one had dared to Intimate i-st
her life ameng the Igorrotes might have
little possible breadth. '
.The ;writer once thoughtlessly asked
Scherer what were his intentions for the
future of his girl. The result was much
In the comfortable wooden house of adze
hewn boards and ; wlth grass thatched roof
he. did most of; the domestic; work until
the girl, growing each year Into greater
beauty of face and form,' naturally, took
from him these cares. He taught' them
each day, with the systematic effort of a
- schoolmaster, until they were faJrly^well
versed, in all the branches of a common
".school education, and further he imparted
some of hia wonderful knowledge ¦ of lan
guages, until :they have a fair grasp of
German and'French, while It goes without
haying that they speak Spanish, Tagalog,
IHocano and Isorrote fluently.
A lonely man. with a lone'lness made
greater by the Idolatrous worship of his
children. th«: hatred of fellows, and the
dread of the- coming day when those little
ores came to man's and woman's. estate;
The butterfly must have tup ro?es and
the sunshine. ; and, how could. tho lauKhter
lovtr.s heart 'of the Filipino woman do
without the ballroorn, . the pansion, of the
great cathedral, and the moonlit sunsets
of the Luntrta. where all thos&*»«he had
known thronsed in the balmy evenings?
11 were beitpr. after all, that he had taken
her t<* Grnni.ny. !
rau^^ii ejevpt the c;anglng of tom-toms in
th»» wild, nativfl dance. fi '- ' /
'Another bitterness.- ,w:is ;added td'this'
mon'* heart-stung life. 'They 'say the wo
man left him—left '¦/him, after , he had
tjU'cn up for love till, that most men count
of value. Left him ' because the air of the
high country was cold and damp. anU the
dripping clouds ¦ hemmed them In for
weeks during t no '.rainy: season, .'in ) their
lonesome, eerie ; homor- L,ef t him, because
there were no "ballea," no "teatros," no
. There. among the baj-e-leggcd Igorrote3,
who graze their herds-of cattle. on th«
wind nll^a of tho. fir forests, and,
cultivate.' • scanty, rice fields in tbesun
.warmed. fcheHered yaUeya, he has aeen hla
.children, spring to -tho verge of-, maturity.,,
to live among honest, warrn-hoartocT bar
barians rather than civilized monstrosities
aiid thieves." Ha! ha! Isn't that funny?"
Svherer left Bjlanlla,' as nearly as the
writer could find but. -because he becamo u
marked nun, and hia friends were ever
too ready to twit. ulm on the. quixotism of
caring -whether a. brown^aklnned woman
and her progeny lived or died. It wrenched
hit heart and made. him hate his fellow
man to the extents th»u one day ha took
hta; little- family .of£ Into the wilderness,'
up the mountain sklis, and he did not stop
traveling until a -hundred <a:id fifty miles
separated him. from Manila, and, ncven
thoiiBuna feet'ror altitude gave, him that
fre-a breath of air lie must havo-or" kill
fomemne, \-V- j..'1-i'-- ¦•':.'¦¦.'¦'¦• .¦'..'.¦•"• • y :;..;
beautaully contoured face lit by the fiut.
tering rays of a coco*fcut oil lamp. Tho
thing was done, arid Otto Seherer in the
tropics was in love with one of those
petite. brown-Sitinned beauties who blos r
som as the rose in the dew bedecked
morning, and who, alas! shutter, with tho
sun-scorched noon.
Moet white men fall in love in the lan
guishing atmosphere of Manila,' for the
air, the flowers, the music, tho vine-hung
gateways, the eetheticism of the life seem
to demand some one to share sympathet
ically these plrusures with you, but it is a
love seemingly easy for most fore'gners
to set uside when called back to their
more temperate homes of the north,
where conscience and convention re'gn.
It was not so with Otto Cchercr when,
as is the custom of these great mercan
tile concerns, ho was asked to come and
cccupy a position in the home ofilee fur a
few years. He was staggered.
Here was the woman whose heart i was
entwined -with his. while binding, them to
gether so both must bleed if wrenched
apart wer* two beloved children, a tod,
dling girl and an infant boy.
He had seen, many of his men friends
confronted^ with the/ same problem. He
had wntrhed the eteamer.for Hongkong
warp away from the "Muella". landing
and glide down the Paslj. while from her
deck a man waved his handkerchief
shoreward v lo a huddled little .group— a
forlorn woman, with Uny ones, paler than
Fhe. clinging to her >>klrts. a? she. grief
stricken, waved frantically back, covered
her eyes and waved ngnln. The difficulty
was so easily surmounted by eojne men.
He was of different stuff. He asked to
be' allowed to rema'n where he was. for he
would not willingly take the litt:e sun
tanned woman, with dark, appealing' eyes,
back to his fatherland— the land of th*
bluc-eyod, fair-haired . Gretchens. It was
not so much on his own account, mind
ypu. r.nd tho four that he would be made
the public prey of gossips as it wafe the
firead of thnkt'r.s the timid, brown wom
an and her o'.f-1'iko children into a civil
ized atmosphere-- ho at variance and: so
oirt of harmony with their whole previous
life." He could not part with them, and
in noble renunciation, made doubly bitter
by the Jeorn'of his Caucas'nn compittrlots,
he cave up all the material advantages
and connections Which might have lei
him on tp wraith, - ¦¦..-.'
Fcr the love of a native elrl. lie" Uku a,
fool. »hey said, ruined his life and lost all
hia butlnesH connection, but then there
were many dull-souletl men, -unkin to
Otto' Pchcrer. who understood- not the
meaning of tho /clutch of a baby. hand
around a father's flnrers. What la the use
of ' ctui.njj when one can have Ions, cold
whisky and jjodan on the club veranda?
Yes. it did ruin hlaJIfe, in spite of him
self, and the Tierce denial he ''would give
if you intimated mieh a thing ccTnnot alter
the facts. The men at the Manlia.'Club
hanar -their legs over the arm? of the long"
bamboo chairs, sip from' glasses with
clinking ice and say:
"Oh. yes. that man Seherer Is a wild
man; he prefers living with the naked
povqgea on tho mountain* to associating
with white men. Isn't .It sad about that
pretty daughter of hi*?... Yes, ho. went
Hway years ago and seldom comes to Ma
nila now, because, as he says, he prefers
What becomes of him now? Does he fall
back .Into the grim shadows again?
springs, with, outstretched anas and fold
ed blanket undulating about hia bare legs,
into the circle of the dance. It can ba
seen that she looks upon him as the ideal
of dancers, but who can say how long
before the day when some bulging mus
cled Jjorrote l»d will seem fairer after all
thr.n the pale skinned father?
It almost seemed that the. coming of the
Americans *lmo the Philippines might
solve for Scherer the problem of his life,
and that the cordiaT relations growing up
between the American soldier and tho
Gorman recluse might extend to the petite
daughter, with the. father's consent: but
how. after 'rendering, most valuable as
sistance iji establishing civil government,
he has had a cuarrel with the American
Governor of the province and who la thera
In power In Manila, who will appreciate
the unselfish services of this foreigner to
the American cause after those with In
terests at stake have made their explana
tions of the trouble?
He may now carry out his threat, made
to the writer nearly two years ago, when
the American advance guard first reached
far-off Benguet, of taking his children
and going another hundred miles into tho
Interior among the "head hunting" Igor
rotes of a really, unknown land— provided
the whites had come to stay.
If he does one must pity his children the 1
more, while it will be most unfortunate
for the government to lose the services of
a nan who throughout the entlra Insur
rection consistently preached peace to the
Filipinos, whosa leaders he knew, and
who. when opportunity offered, acted as
a conscientious go-between, endeavoring
to establish friendly relations and a fair
government. . -.•-•¦.,
When he was a young man. a decade
Ego, he was launched from a corafortaWo
Berlin home Into the world of trade by a
great German Importing: house, which he
represented for a number of years in
Manila.
It was a lucrative position, as all such
positions In the Far East are. and he
could live quite regally In the Spanish
Island city, where the price of one's ne-d*
Is a mere bagatelle, comparatively. a:nl a
houseful of courteous Filipino servants to
fulfill one's every wish may be had for the
salary of a single English valet, atid
where the tariff on carrvmatas and <iuil
ezes. with eleek little horses, would not
buy beer for a New York Jehu's daily
consumption.
Here Seherer lived amid the witching
greenery of palms and vines, intermingled
with tb# rich-hued flowers ami foliage
plants of the tropics. At evening the soft,
cool breezes waved the plant fronds si
lently to and fro against a starlit sky.
and below his conch-shell casement the
waters of his parden fountain trickled In
rhythm to the notes of the mandolin ris
ing and falling lroro the bamboo thatched
hut beyond.
A cweet voice, a Spanish love song, a
It is too tempting, however, to rc«l*t
EJiyip.p that Mr. Whltmarfch flrst appeared
in the Philippines Pbout two years ago :ts
a representative of a New York weekly,
but finding that the gold dust and eoffc
which the Igorrote chiefs had hoarded up
during the insurrection were profitable
commodities in which to deal, he launched
out on the new enterprise of ecqulr!ii5
¦wealth by commerce. To be made Civil
Governor of a province where gold and
coffee abounded and returned twice their
cost price at the coast and in Manila wa«
a decided advantage. Mr. Whitmarsh re
ceived the appointment.
Otto Seherer, the man who would not
desert a Filipino love and his half-breeJ
children, the man who Is a scholar and
master of a doren languages, is a most
interesting and fascinating; character
when the hermit's shell of pessimism is
broken through and his warm heart is
reached.
What started the quarrel between the
untrained American civil srovemment ap
pointee and the onty white man who I1.1V
the entire confidence of the mountain rar$
in our new possessions the State Depart
ment has not yet divulged, even If it
knows, but as this ia a story of Otto
Scherer's pathetic life rather than an ar
raignment of administrative blunders
made in the Philippines, suffice it to any
that Mr. Seherer was let out of office on-i
Mr. Whitmareh was allowed to resign,
though it is said that charges were prr
ferred against him for abuses perpetrated
in an official position.
This p.tssuge at arms between Phelps
"Whitmarsh. the American Civil Governor
of thfe province of Benguet. a.nd Otto
Seherer, hermit, polygjot. the most beloved
¦white man among the bare lepged Igor
rotes of the highland country cf Luzon,
and lastly secretary to the Civi! Governor,
has shattered, for the time being, the
kindly relations which existed btjween
the new American masters and the semi
barbaric race of the breechclout.
naturally and having lost the
cunning of his boyhood, he only succeeded
In punching a hole in the air alongside of
"WhitmarEh's ear.
WHITMABBH slapped Soherar's
face. Seherer. Jn turn. tried to
blacken Whitmarch's eye, but.
not being an aggressive man
THE SUNDAY CALL;
11
SAVE UP EVERYTHING FOR HIS
FILIPINO LOVEity of his work by sayingi that he
attempts; to interpret and not to
copy. — - 'M ¦
He claims^that
side of any aspect of nature must
be exaggerated in order that the
common man may the better un
derstand it. It is this peculiar
There is so much of the human
in his portraits that they will ihr
terest men in every epoch. The
artist explains this peculiar qual-
picture, and it is only-; after long
and careful study that one; may
hope to catch all thexideas as
portrayed by the brush. ;
of Art in San Francisco.
Some of the leading Parisian
critics have rightly declared that
this picture should hang )n the
Louvre. The \ most ; remarkable
thing about Martinez' work is its
power of ; suggestion/ A first
glance does not reveal the whole
in the salon at the International
Exposition in Paris last year. A
splendid reproduction of this pic
ture is given above. It is of Miss
Marion Holden, a San Francisco
girl, who is now studying art in
Paris. She was at one /time a
student at the; Hopkins Institute
TWO weeks ago there was;
published in the Sunday Call
a series of sketches by Jan
vier T. Martinez that attracted
great attention. In that issue
mention was made of the re
markable portrait that won for
Mr. Martinez honorable mention
PRISE PICTURE "MAVION HOLDEN," AT PARIS SALON
THE; SFNDATsCALt;
decorating. This great versatility
brought 'him into: contact with
men in every branch of art.
Eugene Carrier, the portrait
painter; Rodin, the sculptor;
Carpentier, the decorator; Stein
lein, the illustrator— all are his
friends.,.
M art Inez is not only a painter
of portraits and landscapes, but
he_ is an artist in all branches—
etching* lithograph, modeling and
characteristic of emphasis in his
work that has brought him such
I high compiiments' from the con-
Khoisseurs of Parish
12Continued on Page Fourteen, .
Admiral Higginson, was ' then recalled
and questioned especially concerning his
statement of yesterday that the fleet was
only two or three miles out from Santi
ago harbor.. He modified his statement by
saying that during the first portion of the
blockade 'the fleet stood out farther, prob
ably, five miles by day and four miles by-
mony the Day Before.
HIGGINSON IS BECALLED.
Modifies a Statement Made in Test.' •
THE unfortunate feud In the navy which has
developed Into a national scandal, -likely
to culminate with serious 'results to several
officers, originates from tlie : fact that n
Junior officer w*s ?•Jumped" over eleven
- •• seniors nnd mode cotninander-ln-chlet oZ
. the North Atlantic squadron during the
fipanlsh - American war. On February IB, 1*0*,
when the battleship Maine iviih destroyed In the
harbor of Havana, there were s|x rear admirals,',
¦of which Klrkland headed the llnti ten comma- '
dores, with McNalr nnd Schley as senior and Ju
nior, and forty-live captains on the ll»t, of which
Sampson stood second. Henr Admiral Hleard was
In command of the North Atlantic squadron, but
Ill-health compelled him to relinquish 'his com
mand, to which Captain Sampson was selected hy
the Navy Department on March 20. On April 21, .
the rank at rcur admiral was conferred upon'nim
by the department nnd confirmed by the Senate
August 10. During the few months of the ' war
Commodores Howcll, ' Ilemey, Watson and Schley
vrere, subordinates to Captain Sampson I" Howcll "
commanding the flrst squadron! of the North At
lantic fleet, Ilemey in charge of the naval base at
Key West, Watson In command nt , the -Eastern
nquadron and Schley ' commanding the flying
squadron from March 28 to May. 24, Independently t
and from May 24 to June 21 under orders of
Sampson, and . from June 21 to the close Of: the war
In command of the second North Atlantic squad
ron, still under orders from Sampson.* Of the
other seven slighted officers, Dewey ' made his
record at Manila and gained his promotion 'to rear
admiral, while', the other- six' performed duty on
shore during the, war. The law, by. the provisions
of which the Navy Department selected; Captain.
Sampson, Is. that of section 143-*, H. S-, of December
21, -1801, which reads i ¦ ?•The President; max select
any. officer not . below, the grade jof commander. on '
the active list ' of the navy, and. assign him to the
¦ 'According to the' nnvy regulations! - «'A rear
admiral may command e, fieri, a 'nqnadron or a
naval station i a commodore : may ¦ commund a
squadron, n division of a sqiindron or a naval stn
fliiii. and a cnptaln/niay command n divlnlon of n
mi nail r»n. etc." ; The .term ./'squadron" 1* the dl
vlsion of a fleet, finch an' van, center and rear, an
iiNHeinhlnffc of ve.ir.eln smaller than a fleet, and
there doe* not appear to have been a well-found
ed authority Riven by the sections quoted to moke
Captain Sampnon ' ' Commander-in-chief of the
North Atlantic! fleet* and - detailing Commodore*
no-well, Watnon and Schley as commander* of
squadron*. ¦' When on April 21,' 1898,' Captain Samp
son .was ordered to hoist his flag as rear admiral,
the law under -section 1303! had not been com
plied -with, as ; Sanipson had : not been the recipient
of a , vote of thanks from ConRpem, nor had he dis
tinguished himself * by 'superior ' skill and genius
in his profession to* make - him .more conspicuous
than many other officers above and below him In
rank. ¦ ..The . selection -was contrary i to law, ' and an.
injustice and humiliation to those officers who out
ranked fhe favorite at 'Washington. ¦•¦'¦>. ; :
Another law, x section l.ion, II. 8,, of .Inly 1(1,
1N02, prcucrlbcm "During, war rear adinral* shall
he selected from! those, oflleerri on the active lint,
not In-low Hip urnili' of commniulpm, who nluitl
have eminently distinguished themselves Uy cour
age, nklll and gen I tin in their profession T hut no
officer shall he no promoted, under. thls.provlslon,
uuiiT.H, upon recommendation of the President l>y
mr.nn', he has received the thanks of Congress for
distinguished service." "¦,¦''
command of a squadron, with the rank and title
of 'flnpr oflleer'. \ nntl nny olUcpr so n unturned shall
have the same- authority- nnd receive the same
obedience from the'comuiander* of ship* In ill*
sutindran, holding conimtKNloiin of nn older ditto
, than bis, that he would be entitled 'to receive If
hi* I'lijiiminKiriii Were the oldest."
of the fleet steamed eight miles to the
eastward and seven miles to the westward
to the mouth of the harbor. The point was
sought to be made that to make this sail
of fifteen miles would require greater
speed than three knots to an hour, which
he testified was made, but Captain Harber
maintained his position, saying ¦ he had
'given his best Impression. Some of the
log entries he considered worthless as evi
dence. . :
"Admiral Higginson, who preceded you
on the stand," said Raynor, "testified tint
the blockade of Admiral Schley cruised
SAMPSON'S SELECTION AS COMMANDER IN CHIEF
AN INJUSTICE AND CONTRARY; TO LAW OF LAND
finger at him, saying, he construed it as
a menace.
Raynor insisted that he meant to-be
entirely respectful and not to menace the
witness. / .-'
Counsel questioned the witness concern
ing his estimate that at night the vessels
OFFICERS WHO WILL BE IMPORTANT 'WITNESSES IN SCHLEY INQUIRY.
The witness also said that v when Com
modore Schley first came aboard he had
said that it was his Intention to take the
bombarding ships very slowly and to have
them fire deliberately, "so as to sink the
Colon at her moorings." "With this In-
The witness then stated that the com
mander In chief had addressed him later,
telling him to "starboard the helm," add
ing, "and let us get out of this." but he
found when he started to give the order
that it was already being executed. He
had inferred that the order had been al
ready given by. the of the ship.
The court. withdrew to decide the point
at issue, .and upon returning announced
that the objection had been sustained.
Asked to state in detail any conversa
tion on the part of Commodore Schley
during the engagement, the witness uilrl
that at the end of the run to the east
ward he had gone to tt\e conning tower
and found Commodore Schley talking
with Captain Hlgglnion. The captain
had then directed him to port helm and
he (Schroeder) had suggested that in ense
this order should be observed the Iowa
would, blanket the fire of the Maaaachu
setts. He was proceeding with this state
ment when counsel for Admiral Schley
raised an objection because the witness
could not say whether the commodore
had overheard the conversation.
Referring: to the bombardment of th«
Colcn. May 31. Commander Schroeder said
he did not observe that there wan any
firing from the Spanish shore batteries.
Bombardment of the Colon.
Commander Schroeder was questioned,
as to the details of the entire compalgn.
He knew, he said, of no efforts to com
municate with the shore while the "Fly-
Ing Squadrcn" lay off Cienfuegos. Ha
could give no details concerning the voy
age from Cienfuegos to Santiago, having
been on the sick list. On the first arrival
off Santiago the fleet had, the witnes3
said, been twenty miles to the south of
the port. He did not know of his own
knowledge why a westward movement
had been undertaken until arriving at
Santiago, nor did he know how far the
fleet had traveled In that direction. Ha
stated that upon the return to Santiago
on May 23 he had sighted the Spanish
ship Colon., and that It lay 1200 feet In
side the harbor, the American fleet being
six or *even miles out.
The first witness called after the noon
recess was Commander Seaton Schroeder,
now Governor of the island of Guam,
who, during the Spanish war, was execu
tive oeffler of the battleship Massachu
setts.
paign in Cuban Waters.
Replies to Questions Relating to Cam-
SCKHOEDEB, ON THE STAND. '
"You could not call it Bprlnglng a leak.
The plates were Indented) and In th« Tex
as a very little water tamo, iceplng
through."
"So the sea at that time was bad
enough to cause these vessels to collide?"
"The Inference, sir, ?i quite wrong.. That
was due to n float which wo put in be
tween the vessels and did not notice that
It 'wns Just abaft the armor belt. Thi
Hun i constated of »f|imro timbers."
"That would have been worse In a worse
sea. and It wns bad enough In that. sea?"
told It was not necessary
to, ubo that sort of th.ng."
did not have 'ao much experience
then in coaling as you have had since,
did you?"
"With that sort of sea. yes. sir."
By the court— What was the state of the
sea when the Texas- coaled on May 27, aa
compared with the state on the 26th?
"The weather was smoother somewhat,
I believe: more favorable."
This concluded Captain Harber'a testi
mony, 1 and he waa excused.
Hanna asked whether It is practicable
in times of urgency to make log entries
of signals. The witness replied that it
was not practicable for the person who
usually made such entries to put them
down at that time. It was necessary to
write them out later, he said, trusting to
memory. He also stated that it was pos
sible; for him to. have had knowledge of
signals from the Texas, as Captain Philip
usually managed the ship personally.
"It' Is," said Hanna, "a more critical
matter to coal a ship in^the open with a
battleship oh either side than with a ship
on only one side?"
' "Decidedly."
Captain Parker here asked: "You did
eome coaling on the 27th and 28th of
May?"
"On the night of the 27th and niornlng
Of the 28th."
."In the course of coaling did not the
collier spring a leak because of a collision
with' the' TexaB?" ' 1 .
When the Texas Coaled.
Trusting to Memory.
nearer. ''.at night; tnan : dayVfJ Now do you
stm; maintain Vthat you? did. r not cruise
nearer ait* night' than durljj&the day?".
,"Gertalnly;*.I Igave you -'my : estimate."
' ,"l; just\wanf ta> refresh^ your, memory."
! "Itj. don't- refresh* my memory at all."
- "Is.it notposslblefor.youtb be wroni?"
"I- did^not' say. anything 'about that.
Certainly it-is possible : f or ,me to be
wrong. I want to state that I am here to
answer, questions pertaining to this tes
timony 1 and not to. have, words made In
that way, as though I had made the
assertions."
Raynor announced his cross-examina
tion closed ; and the witness was cross
examined by Hanna, assistant judge ad
vocate.
Admiral Higginson was then excused,
and the court at 1 o'clock tt>ok a recess
for lunch.
Admiral Higginson : "J think It would
have been difficult on account of the high
land and the shadows under the land."
' By the court: "From the distance at
which the blockade was maintained at
night, could you have seen any vessel at
tempting to leave Santiago under ordi
nary circumstances of weather?"
"I have not."
"Have you any memory that the fleet
ever drew after that date a distance of
more than six miles?"
"I don't remember such an excursion,
and if made. the log book should show the
facts." . •
By Captain Parker: "Then after twelve
days out you would not have been able to
get anywhere?"
- "No, we would not."
"Did the fleet after the 29th of May ever
get off a distance of twenty-five miles?"
"" "I »don*t remember that it ever did."
VThen. the story to the effect, by whom
soever told, could not be true?"
In reply to a question by Captain Par
ker, the witness said with 800 tons of coal
aboard - the Massachusetts could have
steamed 2500 miles, or could have re
mained on blockade duty for about twelve
days.
night. He confessed, however, that after
three years his memory waa indistinct.
Objects to Having Memory
Refreshed and Differs
From Views of a \
Superior.
Captain Harber Sticks to
Evidence Given About
Coaling.
Makes a Correction
» • » ¦
as to Distance
From Shore.
ADMIRAL
HIGGINSON
MODIFIES
COMMANDER SEATON SCHROEDER TESTIFIES BEFORE SCHLEY COURT OF INQUIRY
CONCERNING THE "FLYING SQUADRON'S" CRUISE AND BOMBARDMENT OF THE COLON
NOT FAST
ENOUGH TO
SUIT HIM
Witness Says the At
tack Was Not as
Planned.
Sailing Time of American
Ships Said to Be
Too Slow.
Former Executive Officer of
the Massachusetts Criti
cizes Work in Cuban
Waters.
WASHINGTON. Sept 2L-Only one
new witness was introduced to
day to the naval court which is
-Investigating the conduct of Ad
miral Schley during the Spanish-
American war. This witness was
Commander Seaton Schroeder, who was
executive officer of the battleship Massa
chusetts during the war and is now Gov
ernor of the Island of Guam. His testi
mony dealt with the cruise of the "fly
ingr squadron" from Cienfuegos to San
tiago and the bombardment of the Span
ish ship Cristobal Colon as she lay in the
mouth cf the harbor at Ssjitiago on
XL The commander said that the cruise
•was not as expeditious as it shoud have
been. He also said that in the bombard
ment of the Cclon the fleet had not act
ed as deliberately as the commander-in
chief had announced it to be Bis pur
pose to have it act.
"While Commander Schroeder was giv
ing his testimony ex-Judge Wilson, coun
sel for Admiral Schley, sought to have
him make a comparison of the distance
of the fleet from the shore under Ad
miral Sampson after the latter officer
arrived and took command, but the judge
advoca-te objected and Wilson withdrew
the Question, saying, however, that he
did so only temporarily and that he
would raise the point at a later stage in
the investigation. The forenoon sitting
was devoted mainly to the cross-exam
ination of Commander Harber and Ad
miral Higginson, the latter having been
recalled. Admiral Higginson corrected
his statement made yesterday .concern
ing the distance from shore maintained
by the fleet during the blockade of San
tiago. He said that early in the blJck
jjfae the fleet was five or six miles out to
sea, moving up closer later.
HAEBEE CEOSS-EXAMINED.
Grill by Itaynor.
Loses His Temper When Put on the
WASHINGTON, Sept. 21.— Admiral
Dewey observed his usual rule of prompt
ness in calling the Schley court of inquiry
to order at 11 o'clock to-day. All the
members of the court were present on
the minute and Admiral Schley sat with
his counsel at the table set apart for
them, on the left of the witness seat. The
attendance of the public was somewhat
larger than on yesterday.
The first witness called was Captain
Harber, executive officer of the Texas
during the Spanish war, who was on the
stand when the court adjourned yester
day.
The Judge advocate asked no question
of him and he was Immediately turned
over to Raynor of counsel for Admiral
Schley, who questioned him concerning
his statement made yesterday to the ef
fect that he did not recall that there was
any picket line established inside the line
of blockade at Cienfuegos. A report by
& hley was read to the effect that a pick
et line had been maintained, but the wit
ness declined to change his statement.
Could Not Recall Signal.
Asked If the Brooklyn had not, on May
24, signaled the Texas to go alongside the
collier and coal, he rsald he did not recall
anything of the kind. Itaynor read tho
flr.nsil message an follows :
"Go alongside the collier and coal as
rapidly as possible" but no amount of
pressing could bring the witness to, say
that he remembered the incident. He had.
he said, very little to do with the signal-
Ing. The same replies practically were
made In rcsponw to questions regarding
other signals. Raynor quoted several of
these. One transmitted from the Texas
to the Brooklyn read, "On afterthought
the captain thinks it unsafe to put a col
lier between battleships." Another from
the Texas read: "Do not think it safe to
collier. The two ships will surely crush
her."
Captain Harber replied that he remem
bered there was some talk of the collier,
but he could not recall what It was.
Speaking of the signals observed off
Cienfuegos, he said his supposition, as
was that of the other officers, was that
they ,were between the Spanish forces.
C*t>taln Harber was also Questioned
closely concerning the rate of speed of the
fleet on the sail from Cienfuegos to Santi
ago on May 25.
Ho said the weather, was fresh and the
sea moderate; that it was hard for small
vessels, but It was "nothing much." He
thought the Texas could have made from
ten to twelve knots. Raynor had the'
witness read logs of the Massachusetts,
the Iowa, the Brooklyn and other vessels
concerning the weather at that time.
Raynor read a report from j Captain Hijf
glnson saying that the weather had been
"rough and squally" on the 35th. Captain
Harber stated that the report of Captain
Higginson was not borne out by the log
book of his ship.
"It does not correspond with the log,"
the witness said, and he added that hav-;
ing given his best recollection concerning
the weather he thought Raynor had an
ulterior motive in his questions. Raynor;
declared that he had no such end in view.'
"Then," said the witness, "I have given
you my best recollection concerning the
weather."
"That is what I want," responded the
attorney. »
"That Is what I have given you," re
peated the witness.
Captain T^emly objected to the examina
tion of Captain Harber on the record of
a ship which he had no part In preparing.
Objection Is Sustained.
The court retired to consider the point.'
After an absence of ten minutes the
court returned, announcing its declMon,
sustaining the objection that the witness
could not be examined on the log of the
Massachusetts.
Continuing his testimony. Captain Har
bcr Insisted that the weather on May 25
was not "rough."
He also maintained that it was his
recollection, as stated yesterday, that the
fleet was farther out at night than In
the daytime. When his attention was
called to a contrary statement by. Ad
miral Higginson, the witness said that it
was not material to him what any other
men hadsald; that he had given his es
timate and was not concerned about . tho
statements of others.
"Then you object to having your mem
ory refreshed?" said Raynor. ' . _, '
'I said nothing of the kind," replied the
witness. "I am here to give my test!-!
mony, and I object to be spoken to In the.
way you speak to me." ¦ ¦'."•'
He also objected to Radnor's shaking his ,
Paps 13 to 22
Pages 13 to 22
PRICE. FIVE CENTS.
SAN- FRANCISCO, .SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER- 22, i 1901— THIRTY-TWO PAGES.
VOLUME XC- NO. 114.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL.The Spanish ships came out at a speed
of about nine knots, with the steam
bottled up, and rapidly Increased their
velocity when clear of the harbor. Th>*
American ships lay with engines turning
slowly, the Brooklyn with steam for
twelve knots, the Iowa and the others for
five knots. The much discussed topic of
the "loop" made by th& Brooklyn will un
doubtedly be fully explained before the
board, and it suffices to state that the
Brooklyn does not appear to have been
responsible for the fact that the Texas,
Oregon and Iowa got into a bunch In
position No. 2, blanketing the fire of the
Texas and Oregon. The Spanish ships,
being inshore, were taking the longer leg
of the triangle, exposing for several miles
their broadsides to the American ships.
Fifteen minutes after the Teresa came
out the race was fairly started and the
total run in miles and average speed in
knots per hour made by the several ships
from 9:35 a.'m. to 1:15 p. m. is as follows:
Spanish Ships Ar« Swift.
At 9:33 a. m. Maria Teresa came out of har
bor. At 9:50 a. m. Pluton, last vessel, came out.
At 10:15 a. m. Teresa, turned to run ashore.
At 10:25 a. m. Oquendo turned to run ashore.
At 10:30 a. m. Furor blew up and Pluton turned
to run ashore. At 11:05 a. m. Viscaya tun'ied
to run ashore. At 1:15 p. m. Colon surrendered.
The chart .illustrating the naval battle
off Santiago was platted by the- navigat
ing officers of the Indiana, Texas, Iowa,
Brooklyn and Oregon, constituting a
board, with Lieutenant Commander
Wainwright as senior member. It shows
the progress of the fight at seven differ
ent periods, the positions of the ships be
irg indicated by numbers corresponding
with the time of occurrence as follows:
sels during the run of 3 hours 40 minutes
on July 3, 1898. was so low in at least two
cases as to demonstrate the absolute fail
ure of the Indiana and Iowa, and it would
b« interesting and instructive to know the
causes. There are three possible expla
nations, all. of which jointly or separately
might lead to such results, namely — inher
ent bad workmanship on engines and boil
ers, lack of proper supervision and care
on the part of the engineers in charge or
interference by the commanding officer
with the duties. of the chief engineer. The
good record made by the Oregon on her
14.000-mile run from the Pacific to the At
lantic, the fairly good average at Santi
ago and her voyage to the Philippines a
few months later proves an absence of all
defects in the machinery and Its manipu
lations, while the Iowa and Indiana have
kept up the records made July 3, 1&98, and
are to this day "lame ducks," almost con
stantly being overhauled and unable to
come within a reasonable margin of their
trial speeds.
able. Their heaviest guns were 11-inch,
and of these the other three Spanish ves
sels had two each, while the Colon had
none, but instead ten 6-inch quick-firing,
six 4.7-inch quick firing, ten 6-pounders,
ten 1-pounders and two machine guns.
The other three vessels had also each ten
5.5-incH' quick' firing, 'eight 6-pounders,
eight 3-pounders and four machine guns.
Armament of Americans.
Of the Americans the Brooklyn had
eight 8-inch guns, twelve 5-inch rapid fir
ing, twelve 6-pounders, four 1-pounders
and four machine guns. The Oregon had
four 13-inch guns, eight 8-inch, four 6-inch,
twenty 6-pounders, six 1-pounders and
four .machine guns, and the Indiana the
same. The Iowa had four 12-inch guns
instead of 13-inch, eight 8-Inch, six 4-inch
rapid firing, twenty 6-pounders, six l
pounders and four machine guns. The
Texas had two 12-inch guns, six 6-inch,
twelve 6-pounders, six 1-pounders and four
machine 'guns.
The fire from the Spanish fleet was very
wild and ineffective, as shown by the
slight damage to the American ships and
the extraordinarily few casualties to their
crews. The Colon fired 184 rounds from
her battery of. 5.9-inch gunsand 117 4.7
inch>>shells; the Viscaya delivered 150
rounds of all calibers. What the other
Spanish ships fired during their brief run
is not known, but the damage was only
25 hits on the Brooklyn, 3 on the Oregon,
2 each on the Iowa and Indiana and 1 on
the Texas. The casualties were one
Killed and one . wounded, both -on the
Brooklyn, while the Spanish ships were
hit by 123 shells, the vessels destroyed, 323
men- killed ¦ and 151 wounded, equal to
J2. per. cent of their complements.
Big Shells From Battleships.
The Oregon fired thirty-six and the In
aiana thirteen- thirteen-inch sheila, only
one of the. forty-nine taking effect, and
that on the Teresa, which also was
struck by the only one of the thirty-nine
twelve-inch shells fired by the Texas
(8) and Iowa (31)."
, T hree hundred and forty-one eight-inch
shells. were fired, 100 from the Brooklyn,"
145 from the Oregon, 35 from the fowa
and 61 from the Indiana— 341 in all. Of
these three struck the Teresa, eight the
Qquendo and four the Viscaya. The
Americans fired besides 171 six-inch shells,
473 five-Inch (all Brooklyn), 251 four-inch
and 5984 six-pounders— a total of 7288, of
which 123, or 1.68 per cent i took effect.
According to the most reliable reports,
examinations of the wrecks of the Span
ish ships the American shots were dis
tributed as follows, besides the one
twelve and one thirteen-inch shells men
tioned above as striking the Teresa.
Fifteen of the eight-inch shells from the
Brooklyn, Oregon, . Indiana and Iowa
struck as follows: Teresa 3, Oquendo 8,
Viscaya 4.
Eighteen nve-lnch shells from the
Brooklyn struck as follows: "Teresa 4,
Oquendo 6, Viscaya 5 and Colon 3, the
heaviest punishment the latter received.
Twelve four-Inch shells from the Iowa
took effect as follows: Teresa 1 Oquendo
6, Viscaya 6.
Seventy-Blx ehcts from the slx-pounders
from all the American ships struck as
fallows: Teresa IB, Oquendo 47. Viscaya
11, Colon 3.
Of tho 171 six-Inch shells fired by the
Oregon, .Texas and Indiana nono took
effect. The Colon received but six .shots
In all-three five-Inch . shells from the
Brooklyn and three slx-pounders.
"Waste of Ammunition.
The general average-making a liberal
allowance for the shells which may have
struck the destroyers and for other hits
not discovered on the submerged parts of
the wrecks of the Spanish cruiser*— will
probably bring it up to 2 per cent, indicat
ing an enormous ¦ waste of ammunition
and that effective gunnery depends large
ly on luck. Thero has not been sufficient
attention paid to this all-Important part
of naval warfare, and even at the present
time the appropriations for target prac
tice and prize shooting are ridiculously
small. Only $12,000 was allowed by the
late Congress as the payment of prizes
for excellence in gunnery exercises and
target practice, for hiring and maintain
ing established ranges, etc., whereas
Great Britain has voted $26,000 *in prizes
for good shooting, and all other naval
powers are likewise giving due encour
agement to this essential, without which
the battery of a ship-of-war becomes an
idle threat. It has been pointed out how
our past vessels did not come up to the
anticipated high standard of speed and
that the "man behind the gun" requires
some more drilling and encouragement In
order-to bring the navy up to the high
standard of actual efficiency only partly
realizes in'the late war.
ing. One ot the small ships was delayed
and that may be tho cause of the other
ships alowlngdown."
Concerning: tho Merrimac.
.'"How about tho Merrimac? What was
her condition between Clenfuegoa • and
•Santiago? 1 !
"I expect «her condition was very bad."
, "Do you recall that she was badly out
of repair and that the Brooklyn was send
ing carpenters and people to repair her
all tho tlmu?"
"She was said to have been somewhat
deranged, but what the extent or the
nature of It was I do not know."
WUBon-In'What respect did you say she
had not proceeded with all possible dis
patch? Did you moan she did not start
with sufllclent alacrity or did you mean
that they did not go fast enough in pass-
Ing from one place to tho other?
"I would not undertake to criticise the
time of our starting, as I did not know
anything nhout the ordors, but my recol
lection is that our upced was nothing llko
as great an it could have been."
"And keep the fleet going?".
And keop the lighting ships going."
"How about the MerrTmao? Did you
keen her with you?" , y
''She probably could not have kept up."
Turn you would have gone off without
a collier? ... •
'*8l\o would have canrnt up with us."
« hen?
"Probably n«xt day,"
"If you could steam faster, how could
you expect hor to catch up?"
*'Wo expected to stop off Santiago." .
"Have you any other criticisms a«~to
patelVP 0 tf Wlth a11 » OM ! W * dli
/"I did not offer that aa a criticism. I
?R^rnr^[ l e ?h^rtm q <; 8 r^ n patS' 8 - thdr
mWKS! 1 ?'!!^. 8 ? 40 ' ftdJoumd untn
Appointments by the Presidont.
WASHINGTON, Sept. 21.-The follow
ing appointments wore made to-day by
the President: ' . ".'¦¦<¦
State— To' be Consuls of the United
Stntcs-GGprffe' O. Cornollus, Pennwyl.
vanla, at St. Johns, N.F.; Alonzo H. Qar
rett. West Virginia, at Nuevo I^iredo,
Mexico; Jessee II. Jonnson, Texas. «t
8antos,»Braall.
Treasury-B. Rldgeley, to be Comptrol
ler of the Currency.
Navy— Edward T. Hoopes. to be assist
ant paymaster in the navy, with the rank
of ensign.
More Than a Hundred Officers of the Navy Are Summoned to Testify in the Cele
brated Controversy Known. as the Case of the "Navy Ring" Against f|
a Rear Admiral-Review of the Santiago Sea Battle.
STORY OF THE DESTRUCTION OF THE SPANISH FLEET BY
AMERICAN SHIPS PERSONALLY COMMANDED BY SCHLEY
at one time o-roed largs tracts in this
county. The Briones grant took in thou
sandi of acres of land near Bolinas. The
estate has dwindled away until at pres
ent there is very Uttls In the family's pos
session. /
Thirty-Two Victims in Accident
BUCHAREST, Bohemia, Sept. 21.—Thir
ty-two persons wero killed In the collision
between the Vienna express and a petrol
eum train at Palota yesterday. Instead
of eight, as at first stated.
GERMANS SHOW
NO JEALOUSY
YACHTS READY
FOR THE RACE
France's Reception of the
Czar Considered Un
important.
Columbia and Shamrock
II in Satisfactory
Condition.
BERLIN, Sept. 21.— While the papers
have devoted much space this week to the
reports of the festivities In France on the
occasion of the Czar's visit to that coun
try, the discussions on the subject were
few and showed that Germany is little
concerned thereby. Confidence in the
Czar's peaceful intentions is so strong
here that the French wooing excites no
Jealousy.
The papers, however, take delight In
pointing out that the Czar used the most
measured language in replying to Presi
dent Loubet, whose utterances are here
regarded as an ill-disguised intimation of
France's thirst for revenge on Germany.
All the Czar's utterances are here under
stood as meaning no interference on the
part of Russia in the affairs of other na
tions, respect of tho existing frontiers and
abandonment of all plans of warlike ad
venture on behalf of. France. '
The German papers reproduce with sat
isfaction the utterances of M. de Cassag
nao and other French Chauvinists to tho
effect that the Franco-Russian alliance la
devoid of any practical advantage for.
France and means the final renunciation
of the lost provinces. The Czar'a words,
"reasonable principles," are here under
stood to be a gentle hint to France not to
misinterpret the alliance in the direction
of the recovery ot Alsace-Lorraine. Hence
tho Gorman press concludes that the
Czar's visit docs not chango the status
quo, and that France must be contented
with the bloodless victories gained over
Germany in winning the Czar's favor.
The tariff discussion grows warmer.
The expressions of the Chambers of Com
merce against the bill are becoming more
froquent and sharper. The latter direct
their attack chletly against the system
of maximal and minimal duties on grain.
The Conservatives advocate an extension
of tho double system through the other
schedules. The Kreus Zoltung (Conserva
tive) points out that tho Dlngley aot
offers a model to follow, by permitting
a 20 per cent reduction of all duties for
reciprocity treaties.'
In this week's tariff discussions the re
cent Bpoech of Herr Moeller, the Prussian
Minister ot Commerctt, played an import
ant part, particularly his admission of
tho absolute nocosalty for the renewal of
the commercial treaties. Ilerr Moeller's
speech, which In understood to have ex
presiwd tho Government's vlows, threw
cold water upon tho exaRKGratod agrarian
hopea of Ineutlng on a oompromUo upon
the duties midway between the extremes
demanded.
The Agrarian premi has begun to attack
Horr Moeller violently for his speech, and
also for his friendly attitude toward the
UoorsQ rofcvrm law, dubbing him "Cnprlvl
Mottllcr." Tho Chamber of Commerce
,ha» unanimously condemned the tariff
bill bocauso of the extraordinary Increase
of duties on the necossarles of life.
The affairs of tho United States have
naturally occupied munh attention Hits
week and much biographical and anecdo
tal matter about the late Pre«ldent Mo-
Klnley and President iXoosevelt has been
printed. President Roosevelt's probable
policy and the possibility of Cabinet
changes excite great Interest.
"LTJCKY" BALDWIN HAS
RECOVERED HIS HEALTH
MONROVIA, Sept. 21.— E. J. Baldwin
has completely recovered from his long
siege of sickness. He now has under
headway a plan to reclaim about 13,000
acres of land and place it upon the mar
ket. The land is a portion of the famous
Santa Anita , rancho, lying southwest of
Monrovia. In its present sagebrush state
it is valueless.' It is Mr. Baldwin's pur
pose to develop a sufficient amount of
water to supply all this land and then of
fer it to legitimate homeseekers on such
terms that It will be settled and culti
vated Immediately.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, Sept 2L-Both the Colum
bia and Shamrock II will come to the
starting line for the first race for the
America's cup In practically tho condition
they are now in. A little more burnishing
may be given to. their under bodies, but
it will scarcely be' of any service, as they
are now smooth as mirrors, -while it Is not
probable that additional sails will bo
tried' or stretched.
In a measure It-is the defending side of
the International match that is not thor
oughly prepared In the present challenge.
The failure of the Constitution to meet
the requirements of the challenge com
mittee of the New York Yacht Club was
both a surprise and to an extent a set
back for the home yachtsmen. Had Mor
gan of the Columbia felt that the old
champion would be selected to defend the
cup in time sufficient to give certain
orders, that yacht might have been a trine
better fixed for the struggle that will soon
be commenced oft Sandy Hook.
American yachtsmen, however, need not
fear about her condition when the pre
paratory signal is given from the regatta
committee's steamer nc::t Thursday morn
ing, Alt through the Bummer her form
was equal to that of nr y racing yacht on
tho face of the waters and she has not
gone back in the least The. challenging
party expresses great confidence that It
will win the cup, but that confidence Is not
new to Americans, and It is now heard,
as it has been heard in the past, without
causing any uneasiness on the part of the
custodians ot the old trophy. * :
Little Money Wagered.
Certain It Is. so far bj known, but little
money has been watered by visiting
yachtsmen or their frtonds to back their
opinions that Shamrock II will defeat the
Columbia. The same o4ds, fiooo to jsoo on
tho home boat, ruled yesterday morning
among the yachtsmen of Wall street with,
out takers, as has be»n the case for
weeks.
The practice spins of tho challenging
yacht In American waters have been sat*
ufaotory to those concerned, and It ia
well that they have b«ien so. All yachts
with spoed are apparently startling on
somo of their 'performnncea when sailing
alon*, hut just what they aro really able
to do can never ba fully shown until they
are alongside of lomo other fast boat. A
second in a mll.i may win an international
match; and what cxp<srt that live* can
tell whether this or that yacht whon salU
Ing alone Is so much faster or no mucn
slower than some other fast vessol? it is
easy enough to Judge how a yacht carries
her sail and how good ci sea boat she may
b» If tried under varying conditions of
wtather, but to confidently predict that
¦he will be an old and con«lstent per*
former without having another com«
ngniunt her will be belloved only by man
unfnmlllar with yacht racing and the
peculiarities and caprices of modern r»c-
Ing craft.
Columbia's Fine Itecord.
It Is well to pin one's faith to matters
of record in this sport. The Cotumbla has
been tried under all conditions of wind
and weather and she has not been disap
pointing. Her record In 1S89 was excellent.
How she caused the Shamrock I to euc
cumb is yachtln? history. That she is a
far better boat to-day that sho was then
is reasonable to suppose. How consistent
ly she performed In her many trials with
the Constitution her friends well know
and It was that fact that caused her to
be again selected to meet the challenging
vessel. It is Just this condition of things
that causes observing: yachtsmen of this
country to believe that the Columbia will
once more carry her fighting flag to the
front. It is said that the foreign yachts
men are so sanguine of winning the cup
that they are passing away the hours at
Brie Basin speculating: upon the condi
tions which the Royal. Ulster Yacht Club
will impose uson the i Ne-v? York Yacht
Club when its people come to Belfast after
the cup.
McKerron' s Fast Mile.
CLEVELAND, Sept. 21.— At a matinee
of the Gentlemen's. Driving _, Club to-day
the bay stallion John A. McKerron, driven
by his • owner, H. K. ¦ Devereaux, trotted
a mile to a wagon in 2 :05%, establishing
a new world's, record for amateur drivers.
The first half-mile was trotted in 1:04 and
the last half in 1:02%, and the last quarter
in :30?i. - 1 ••
son blockade from 'the entrance to the
harbor?"
"My recollection- was that at first we
were about four miles In tho daytime and
closed in a little at night. Later on we
were all close in day and night, and there
was a battleship stationed about a mile
from the entrance all night wltha searoh-
Ught. • The Iowa,- the Ma»sachusettB-and
the Oregon took two hours on. and four
oi'f searchlight watch at -tho entrance ail
through tho night."
Hanna— If the court pleaso, I should like
to ask the purpose of these inquiries as
to the conduct of tho blockade.
Wilson— Well, I want to show, as a mat
ter of course, that while you are com
plaining of tho blockade that was made,
a day or two after, when Sampson came
up and brought additional nhlpa, the dls
tunce out was Just about tho same aa
these others wore that were cruising 1
backward and forward.
Objects to Comparison.
Ilantm— If that In the purpose, may It
pleano the eourtf. we desire to object to
any comparative ¦tatementi of this
blookade with any other blockade inBtl
tuted at any other time and place. W«
have avoldod Introducing comparisons.
Wilson— Well, for the prevent I with
draw tho aui'Ntlnn. Hereafter It will be
como a very material question, and I
don't wnnt to take tho time of the court
now In discussing It.
Commander Bohroodor said that during
tin- Bnhloy blockada his vessel did not got
Off twenty-flvfl. mlloti from shore at night.
\Vll»nn quostlonod tho witness concorn.
lnff I'ldtTH for bnttle.
Commander Bohrocdor »fUd he had hpnrd
inn hiim concf rnlnpf nn order not to ex
pope Nhlps to tho Uro of land, bntterlon, Ho
mado tho eamo reply to an lnciulry con
cernlnsr tho orders to the flying squndron
with reference to what dhnuld be done If
they found, tho Hpanttih tlc«t In port. Ha
then rend tho ortlor of Admiral Sampson
of May 2, iwRinnlng: "Spuninh nquadron
probably at MantliiKo de Oubt\— four ships
ond thr«y> torpodo boat d««troyers. -If you
aro tmllftfled that thoy aro not at Cfcn*
fii«nro8, proceed with all dispatch, but
rautlousfy, to Santiago' do Cuba, and If
tlm enemy Is thero blockade him In port."
:lho witnf!R8' declared that he knew
nothing at all about this order at the time
or until he saw It In the 'official 1 report of
th« campaign.
"Thero would be no wuy of knowlnr."
ho Bald; "thero .was no communication
with tho flagship." .. > '¦,.';
Wlleon then returned to Commander
Schroeder's statement ;t concerning- m tho
bombardment of the Colon and Becured
from him the statement that the only
suggestion he had to make In connection
with that event was that' the ! vessel
should havo gone In closer and fired more
deliberately. SSlfl^^gSm^mmmS^- .
V
Not at Top Speed.
On redirect examination ' Hanna; speak
ing of the departure; from Clenfuegos for
Santiago, asked: : : . ;';.'. ;. i ; 'V»"--V- . ?.. -'•¦ ".'
"Presuming, then/ that 1 the admiral' was
satisfied that the Spanish squadron .was
not in that harbor, did you proceed with
ell dispatch to Santiago.de Cuba?'.' .
"No, air." • ¦ - i
"When you left Cienfuegoa was it day
light or was it afte.r, dark?" \:
"When we left Cienfuegosit was after
dark, about 8 o'clock." ¦¦¦--¦
Raynor— You said , you did - not • proceed
with all dispatch to Santiago? .^ •••¦-
"That is what I said, sir." *;
"What was the condition of the weather
and sea between Cienfuegos and Santiago
that prevented you from proceeding faster
than you did, if it did prevent you?"
"I do not think t there 'was anything- in
the weather to Dre vent the bie shiDS ro-
Dies Suddenly on a Train.
SAN RAFAEL, Sept. 21.— Mrs. Frank
Mesa of Bolinas died suddenly on a train
near Redwood City this afternoon. Mrs.
Mesa was 70 years - of age and had re
sided in this county nearly all her life.
She was a* daughter of. Mrs. "Gregorlo
Briones,' who died some • months ago at
the ago of 108 years. The Briones family
THE SA?? FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, ftEPT^MBER 22, 1901.
Into the Controversy.
WASHINGTON, Sept. 21.— The name of
Admiral Sampson was mentioned to-day
for tho first time since the opening of the
inquiry, when Wilson of counsel for Ad
miral Schley indicated a purpose to com
pare the records of the two naval com
manders. Addressing Commander Schroe
der, he asked him If tho character of the
blockndo of Santiago had not been
chnnsed after Admiral Sampson's arrival.
Commander Schroeder replied that It hnd
been, and that then tho blocado became
vtntlottbry, Rnmpson having more ships
thnn Schley had.
"Now about how far out was tho Samp-
Attorney Wilson Brings Sampson
WOULD COMPARE RECORD.
the speed was nothing like as great as it
might have been. The battleships, he said,
ehould not have been held up because of
the collier; it could have been depended
on to come up later.
In reply to a question by the court Com
mander Schroeder said that the flre of
the 8panlsh battleships had not been
heavy enough to seriously injure the
American fleet.
Commander Hchrocder Bald that during
tlu- blockade off Santiago and while the
larger vessels were six or seven mllea
out there were small shins on the lnsldo
of the line, and on« of them, tho Vixen,
jirrd upon a railroad train one night.
Commander Schroeder eald that he had
not known of th<* order to Schley to pro
ceed from Clenfurjros to Santiago if sat-
JfH.iI tiuii the enemy was not at the for
m«r place. -", . ¦
On redirect examination Mr. Hanna
nFkrd if, In accordance with th« terms of
this order. th« fleet had prooof>dc»d "with
nil dUpntch to Hantinivo." Tho wltneutt
replied that It hud not. !!n -thought that
Blockade Off Santiago.
tcntion they passed the mouth of the
harbor at the rate of ten knots an hour,
and th«- firing was as rapid as possible to
K*t Rood riointlnKP.
Judge Wilson cross-examined Command*
cr Schroeder.
UPWARD of one hundred naval of
ficers of all grades have been
summoned to Washington as wit
nesses in the . case cf the
"Xavy Ring versus Rear Ad
miral Schley." The Sampson side, which
Is to prove that the officer whom the pub
lic at large has credited with destroying
the Spanish fleet at Santiago, is only "a
caitiff," "a coward." "a disgrace to the
navy." "a- man who would have been
hanged in any other navy"— is represented
by about sixty persons, chiefly of the
higher srades, while the witnesses for
Schley, numbering about forty, are of less
exalted rank. The fact, however, that
most of the latter served on the Brooklyn,
and therefore have a personal knowledge
of incidents prior and subsequent to the
battle off Santiago, is likely to make the
testimony of these witnesses of more im
port than that of the Sampso« witnesses,
many of whom, including the commander
in chief, did not participate in that mem
orable light.
Glory Enough for All.
It was on July 3, 189S, that the Spanish
fieet in Cuban waters was annihilated,
and the present reunion of officers and
others who served in that war is a de
plorable incident in our naval history.
"There was . glory enough for all," as
Schley said, and but for the lack of dis
cipline among high rank officers, the ab
eeane of -esprit <ie corps, and. the conse
quent wagging: of envious tongues, there
•would have been glory enough for all,
•whereas now the testimony and findings
will go to prove that all naval officers are
not gintlemen and that some of them
fhoulu be dismissed with a view of im
proving the service.
The testimony before the court of in
quiry is likely to bring out many facts
net hitherto known, or only brought out
5n nan. Immediately after the battle off
Santiago naval experts a.t home and
abroad summarized a number of lessons
as the results of the fight. These deduc
tions were, in the main, so obvious as not
to impress the general public with an ad
miration for the clear-headedness of the
professional naval expert, and pertinent
questions were either not investigated or
dealt with in a gingerly fashion. To the
public at large the result of the battle
v.as enough to satisfy it that our navy in
Its material and personnel was all that
was claimed for it. Five of the Spanish
*h|ps were destroyed by the guns of our
ships and the sixth was run ashore and
surrendered to the Brooklyn after a race
nf a couple of hours. There was the
"magnificent burst of speed" of the Ore-
Eon, and the increasing speed of all the
ether vessels, not to ignore the New York,
the speed of which Captain Chadwick as
sorted was seventeen knots at the close
of the race.
Fcssible Explanations.
The average speed of the several ves-
As to Show of Speed.
Arthur Ward, a writer In the Engineer
ing- Magazine of December. 1S9S. charged
that our fleet was "unprepared to mak<j
a Quick movement of any kind in the face
of the cn*>my": that the ships were
"ready to shoot, but not to give chase."
This utatement was contradicted by Cap
tain Chadwlck, and the subject was not
lollowed up until the present time. Now,
however, a« the conduct of the nenlor
oftlr*>r In rank at that battle is to bo In
quired into it. in also possible that some
facts may come to light explaining the
jioor show of *peed made by our nhlp»
during the engagement, reconciling, if pos
sible, the great difference between the
trial speeds when new and their records
during the chase on July 3, 1893.
The following for each vessel shows tho
<3ate3 of trial speeds during four hour«.
premiums paid for excess over contract
epeed and highest *pecd on July 3, 1S38:
New York— On trial. May. 1833, made 21
fcnots; earned premium 1200,000. Highest
ppeed July 3, 1SL>8. 14.43 knots (for IS min
utes).
Brooklyn — August. 1896. made 21.91
knots; premium 1200,000. Best speed July
S, 1838, 14.75 knots (for 5 minutes).
Oregon— May, 1K»6, made 16.79 knots;
premium $175,000. Best epeed July 3, 189S,
J6 knots (for 5 minutes).
Iowa — April, 1897. made 17.0S7 knots; pre
mium $200,000. Be6t speed July 3, 1S3S, 12
knots (for 5 minutes).
Indiana— October. 1S33, made 15.547 knots;
premium $o0,000. Best speed July 3, 1893,
8.25 knots (fsJr IS minutes).
Texas— On trial, 1893, made 17.8 knots,
earning no premium. Best speed July 3,
18HR, 1G.25 knots (for 5 minutes).
Total premiums earned. $975,000.
COMMUDEB SCHROEDER TESTIFIES
Continued From Page Thirteen.
speeds attained at stated periods shows
most extraordinary humps and depres
sions for the American ships, while the
curves of the Spanish ships indicate a
gradual increase of power, the Viscaya
reaching her zenith of 16.75 knots at 10:35
and the Colon her highest speed of 19
knots at 10:45 and keeping it up for nearly
fifteen minutes. The latter ship was fitted
with water-tube boilers of the Niclausse
type, and her failure to keep up her
speed was probably due to the uncom
fortable proximity of the Oregon's 13-inch
shell, as well as to the fact that her
stokers were not Americans.
Lessons From the Battle.
Thet lessons which Engineer in Chief
Melville drew from the battle off Santiago
are to be found in his report under date
of October 1, 1S&8, and are briefly as fol
lows :
1. That fresh water for the boilers is almost
as Important as coal. . • '
2. The great tactical advantage of water
tube boilers. ¦ v . • . ¦
3. That if more than two main engines are
to be fitted, there should be three engines
driving three screws, and not two main en
gines on each shaft. ' The New , York ! and
Brooklyn had their engines disconnected at the
time of the Santiago tight' and could not stop
to couple them. ••,->". .,
4. That there I should be frequent trials under
forced draught to -keep the blowers in ' good
condition and to . make j the men - thoroughly
familiar with working .under maximum condi
tions. It appears that some of the ships had
never been under forced draught since their
contract trial until the day of the fight at
Santiago.
5. That the location of the forced draught
blowers is a matter of serious " importance. . •
6. That the personnel of the service should
be adequate to the material. • •- .
. 7. That we must make provision for training
the enlisted men of the engineer department.
S. That our fighting ships must,- have the
highest practicable speed. ¦ ¦
The foregoing condensed but literal com
ments by Engineer in 'Chief Melville are
practically an admission that our ships
fell short of what they were expected to
do as to speed in actual warfare. It was
the guns that gave the victory to. the
Americans, and not the speed of the ships.
The high speeds credited to. the vessels of
all na-wies are in the great majority de
ceptive, and those of our navy are as mis
leading as those of other navies.
Beady /With Their Guns.
Unprepared as our ships ¦were in the es
sential requisite of speed, there is no
question about their being ready with
their guns. The rapidness with which the
several vessels delivered the first fire is
certainly commendable. It Is to be as
sumed, of course, that* all the main bat
tery guna were loaded, ready for the
emergency, and that the supply of ammu
nition had been anticipated. The gunnery
practice, as it turned out to be, was only
good as compared with that of tke Span
ish ships, which was very bad. The con
ditions for good shooting were all that
could be desired, there being a* smooth
sea, little or no swell and the broadside
targets presented by the Spanish ships
were within range of the nve American
ships for nearly one hour. During thia
period the Teresa, Oquendo and the two
destroyers wero mink, tho VlBcaya shar
ing the same fate at 11:05 and the Colon
surrendering without any serious damage
having been dono to her, hut realizing
that the guns of tho Oregon and Brooklyn
having got her rango were likely to hit
and sink the ship. The Indiana, by virtue
of her closer proximity to the mouth of
the harbor, hn.l the advantage over the
other tthips of tho American squadron,
and no doubt the Teresa received her
death wounds from the Indiana. The
course taken by the Spanish ships and the
closing in of tho American vessels was
such as to shorten the distance between
the two contending forces for upward of
a half-hour, after which the Viscaya and
Colon , showed their sterns to _the pur
suers.
Distances Between Combatants.
At 10:30 the distance in yards between
the Viscaya and the then rftearest Ameri
can ship was as follows: Brooklyn 2300,
Oregon 3000, Texas 5100 and the New York
19,000. At 11:05 the distances were; Brook
lyn 2650, Oregon 2750, Texas 5100 and New
York 15,500.
At 10:30 the above named American ves
sels were distant in yards from the Colon
as follows: Brooklyn 3150, Oregon 3000,
Texas 4900 and New York 18.300.
At 11:05 the distances were: Brooklyn
9850, Oregon 10,800, Texas 13,200 and New-
York 23,650. At 1:15 the distances were:
Brooklyn 6500, Oregon 8600, Texas 14,800
and New York 18,100. . . ..
That the Spanish squadron was inferior.
In numbers, classes , of ships-and>arma
ment is well known, rthe disparity in tho
latter particular being especially notlce-
Course of the Colon.
The course made by the Colon, as de
picted on the chart, does not correspond
with tho report made by Captain Cook,
which states that tho • ''Colon kept clos<]
to the land, running Into all the blnhte."
This would probably Increase her distance
run by two and one-half miles, inaUlu;;
. llfty-two nautical mllus, or an avera«e
speed of U.1S knots during three hoars
and forty minutes. On the other hand lh<i
claim of Captain Chadwlck of seventeen
knots made by the New York at the end
of the chase Is not borne out by the locn
tlons on tho chart. Her average speed fell
from 14.43 knots, between 10:30 and 11:03
a. in., to 13.18 knoty* between 11:05 a. m. and
1:15 p. m.. and when the Colon struck her
nag the New Tork"wus 8.68 miles distant.
She arrived one hour later, thus making
an average epeed to 8.68 knots In the, last
hour and covering the entire distance of
55.01 miles In four fours and forty minutes,
Riving an average speed of 11.79 knots per
hour, a rather poor showing for a ship
with a trial speed of twenty-one knots.
With forced draught applied the Ameri
can ships should have reached their top
speed In half an hour after the race be
gun, yet at 10:15, or forty minutes after
starting, the Brooklyn had only reached
13.03 knots, and by 10:30 was bowling along
at the rate of 15.68, the Texas at 14.34, the
Oregon at 13.81, the New York at 13.03. the
Iowa at 10.92 and the Indiana, rated at
15.547 paper speed, was plowing up the
briny at the rate of 8.88 knots an hour.
The spurts of the several ships were only
for brief periods, followed by great reduc
tions In speed, and indicating something
radically wrong In the boiler-room. A
speed curve drawn through tho average
The Teresa and Oquendo made before
going ashore, respectively 5.58 and S.U
knots.
New York. 48.33 miles, 12.635 knots; Brook
lyn. 43.30 miles, 11.61 knots; Oregon, 42.85 miles,
11. 6S knots; Indiana. 11.42 mtleg, 7.61 knots;
Iowa. 14.81 ml lex, 8.87 knots; Texas, 89.21 miles,
10.GJ knots; Vizraya, 18.83 mile?., 12.55 knots;
Colon, 4'iM miles, 13.51 knots.
14
CONGRESSMAN CROWLEY
Uses Pe-ru-nia in His Family for Catarrhal and
Nervous Affections.
to declare their appreciation and Indorse-
ment of this greatest of modern remedies.
It ia exactly as Congressman Crowley
says: "Peruna Is a swift and sure rem-
edy for coughs, colds and la grippe and
all catarrhal complaints. It is an ex-
cellent remedy in all nervous troubles. It
never falls to prove itself a powerful
tonic and a lasting cure." This Is what
Congressman Crowley says, and thi3 is
what thousands of other people are say-
ing all over the United States.
Congressman Romulus Z. Linney, from
Taylorsville, N. C, writes: "My secre-
tary had as bad a case of catarrh as I
ever saw, and since he has taken one
bottle of Peruna he seems like a different
man."— Romulus Z. Linney.
Congressman A. T. Goodwyn, Robinson
Springs, Ala., writes: "I have now used
one bottle of Peruna and am a well man
to-day."— A. T. Goodwyn.
U. S. Senator W. N. .Roach, from Lari-
more. N. I>., ¦writes: "1 have used Pe-
runa as a tonic It has greatly helped
me in strength, vigor and appetite."
Congressman H. W. Ogden, from Berry
ton, La., writes: "I can conscientiously
recommend your Peruna." — H. W. Ogden.
Congressman G. W. Smith, from Mur-
physboro, 111., writes: "I have taken one
bottle of Peruna for my catarrh and I
feel very much benefited. "—Georga W.
Smith.
Congressman David Meeklson, from Na-
poleon, O., writes: "I have used several
bottles of Peruna and feel greatly bene-
fited thereby from my catarrh of the
head."— David Meeklson.
Senator Mallory of Pensacola. Fla.,
writes: "I have used your excellent rem-
edy, Peruna, and have recommended It
both as a tonic and a safe catarrh rem-
edy."— Stephen R. Mallory.
Senator M. C. Butler, ex-Governor of
South Carolina, writes: "I can recom-
mend Peruna for dyspepsia and stomach
trouble."— M. C. Butler.
Senator W. V. Sullivan, from Oxford.
Miss., writes: "I take pleasure In rec-
ommending your great national catarrh
cure. Peruna, as the beat I have ever
tried."— W. v. Sullivan.
Senator J. M. Thurston. from Omaha.
Neb writes: "Peruna entirely relieved
me 'of a very Irritating couch."— J. M.
Congressman H. G. Worthington. froia
Nevada, writes: "Ihave taken one bottle
of Peruna and It has benefited me im-
mensely."-H. O. Worthington.
Congressman Howard, from Ft. Payne,
Ala., writes: "I have taken Peruna for
la grippe, and I take pleasure In recom-
mending Peruna as an excellent rem-
edy."— M. W. Howard.
Congressman Willis Brewer, from
Haynesvllle. Ala., writes: "I have used
mebottle of Peruna for lassitude, and
I take pleasure in recommending It —
derive prompt and satis-
factory results from the use of Peruna
write at once to Dr. Hartraan. grtvin**
full statement of your case, and h« will
be pleased to give you his valuable ad-
V Addles" Dr. Hartman. President of The
Hartman Sanitarium. Columbus. Ohio.
the effects of the Intense strain of public
life; to ward off the 111 effects of the
changeable climate of Washington. They
keep it In their homes for family us*.
They recommend It to their neighbors,
and they do not hesitate In public print
Hon. Joseph B. Crowley, Congressman from Illinois, writes from
Robinson, III., the following praise for the great catarrhal tonic,
Peruna. Congressman Crowley says :
"After giving Peruna a fair trial I can cheerfully recommend
your remedy to any one suffering with coughs, colds and la grippe,
and all catarrhal complaints.
"Mrs. Crowley has taken a number of bottles of Peruna on
account of nervous troubles. It has proven a strong tonic and fast-
ing cure, lean cheerfully recommend it" — J. B. CROWLEY. ~%\
No other remedy Invented by man has
ever received as much praise from men
of high station as Peruna, Over forty
members of Congress have tried It and
recommended it to suffering humanity.
They use it themselves to guard against
The' diseases most feared are those which otj _^r55o^^i^^^^Sl
Inherited — linndrti down from generation to Ren* *&Jsyfa/ TmT' rSf^V^§>
eration, and family to family. Dy far the most y^l^ftwJtflYVWo^ilv
destructive of these is Cancer, which finds the t
greatest number of its victims amonff the children yW}^'IWrWW^^\\.
iind grand-children of those whose blood was tainted
with this dreadful malady. You may carry this poison in the blood for years, but
us the vital nowcrs begin to wane a 6light bruise or cut, wart or mole, aore or
pimple may develop into Cancer. From middle life to old age is the time when
the slumbering poison is most apt to break out, a core or ulcer often degenerating
into Cancer, and Tumors become more progressive and ulcerate through the skin,
the sharp, 6hooting pains causing the most intense Buffering. I
The Cancer patient naturally grows despondent as one after another the usual
remedies fail, and the Bore shows no Bign of healing. The impurities that have
been accumulating in the system, perhaps for generations, cannot be eliminated nor
the poisoned blood made pure by salves, washes and plasters. The proper treatment
{s to purify and build up the blood, remove the cause, when the sore or ulcer heals.
Mr. J. B. Arnold, of Greenwood, S. C, writes: "A into'theb'lo?<f dert^ro
tiny nicer came, just under the left eye. It bepan JS)?, -£,« r?™?. 7
epreadinir,.ana erew worse rapidly, destroying tho the virus, stops the for-
¦ ileEh as it went. Aa Cancer Is hereditary in my family niatiou ot Cancerous
I became thoroughly alarmed, consoltlncr tho best phv- cells and cleanses the'
, Biciana and taking many blood medicines, none if system of impurities. -
which did me any pood, when one of our leading: What we say ofS S S
dru8rsl8ts advised mo to try S. S. S., and by tho time as a cure for Cancer ia
I had taken the second bottle the Cancer bejran to "AJSwi i£ +£« V,L?
ehow eiffns of healinp, tho discharge grow gradually Ba PP° rt fd by the testl-
less and finally ceased altoeother, the sore dried up mony of those who nave •
and nothinar remains but a slight rear. I feel that I tested it and been re-
ovre my life to S. S. S." » • *i, . stored to health.
. ., . . , , . Begin in time, don't
wait until the blood is so polluted anc ti^ system so thoroughly saturated with the
poison that no medicine, however efficacious, can check the progress of the disease.
If there is a taint in your blood get it out at once, don't wait for some external evi-
dence of it, the appearance of a tumor or ulcer. We have prepared a special book
- on Cancer which we will mail free. . Our physicians are ready to help you by their
•dvice and such direction a3 your case requires. Write us fully and freely— no
charge for medical advice. TKE SWIFT SPECIFIC CO., ATLANTA, GA.
Day > -in; and » but there is that feeling ot
.weakness that makes a burden ot itself.
v. Food does not strengthen.
V Sleep does not refresh.
It is hard to do, hard to bear, what
8h6uld be easy,— vitality is on the ebb, and
the whole system suffers.
For this condition take
Hood's SarsapariUa
It vitalizes the blood, gives vigor and tone
to all ¦ the organs and functions, and is
positively unequalled for all run-down or
debilitated conditions. ; -. '¦ •
' Hood's Pills cure constipation. 25 cent*. . •'"
General Debility
- . r ¦ ¦ m^^mm
teff^jff? v>w H .'T"T.^-n""-'rfffffi
"% **^^ - - = Fy-- j.
y.-ftii i-^pW v CONGRESSMAN •^^fe.'.'j.,'* J
W J.. B. Crowley. W' s M
B.KATSCHlNSKll
PHILADELPHIA SHOE GO. P
10 THIRD STREET, SAN FRANCISCO.
viscolizedI
Means Waterproof, rj
What every man wants and re- P
QI i!r e8 u f0 / wlnt « r wear— a ghoe that H
will shed water and will keep the n
feet dry. Our shoes are mude of M
the best box calf, which has. been Eg
thoroughly saturated with VI3COL. %
OIU thereby making- it water- |
proof. The toes are a neat Wauken- W
phast, with tips. The soles are 9
hand-welted and heavy, with ex- i.
tenilon edxes. All sizes from 64 to S
12; width B to EH. The prlco onlv. I
PC pair .^ fia.Ji'O H
'HI IP K /
f#l 1
Remember, we guarantee every m
pair of these shoes. They were K
made specially to our orderly the 13
1*. Cox Phofi Manufacturing Com- JB
pany. Mlwes* and children's F«b- I]
ble Grain Button 8hoe». medium EM
broad toes and Up*, heavy soles H
and sprtnir heels, widths I: to KK. ¦
Formerly anUl at $1.25 nnd 11.60. but P
Mnrelally reduced to— 23
ChUd'n nlxrm 0 to 11..... SOo K
Misses' sizes, 11^ to 3 OOc ||
COUNTRY ORDERS SOLICITED, fj
. "We have no branch stores nor m
traveling salesman. . 2*
PHILADELPHIA SHOE GO. 1
10 THIRD STREET, R
San Francisco. jf|
vBDTTLHATTiEblriLLERY' *
. •EUgl-ASBajffKSjjEsoMS ; ; '
(fact m fa Medcd/ Departments oft/ie
U.S.*RMY $ NAVY Service \
. ; -William^.wolff & co. *
/Sam Francisco, ; . distributors/
etwarw of/zn/fafionj 9f , rtf/Mea Borrrti *
% -- \
ADVERTISEICENTS.15
SAULT STE. MARIA, Mich.,' Sept. 2L—
All doubt about the fate of the steamer
Hudson was removed when the steamer
J. B. Ford landed here to-day with the
body of Sherman G. Brooks, one of tha
Hudson's wheelmen, aboard. The body
was picked up seventy-five miles from
where the Hudson is supposed to have
foundered last Monday, in the pilot house
of the wrecked craft, which was floating
bottom side u?. «.
Body From the Hudson Found.
It was a crowded courtroom which
greeted Swift when he appeared with Con
stable Russell. His bonds were fixed at
$10,000. City Clerk Newby and Contractor
Giddings swore to the complaints. Swift
is well educated and a graduate of Yale,
class of '89. The feeling against him is
strong. He has resided in OJal Valley four
years.. He came from Boston.
"If • he .did— we say it deliberately— he
ought to be hanged. If he did not, he
ought to be dressed out as a fool, and,
with fool's cap on his head, carried up
and down the country to establish tradi
tion for those magistrates who would
hereafter trippingly force this country
Into criminal wars.".- .sjv- . 1 -
VENTURA, Sept. 21.— Morrison I. Swift,
an alleged anarchist, is in the County
Jail charged with libel for having de
famed and blackened the memory of the
late President McKinley. Swift is charged
with having used in part the following
language:
"It has been our charge throughout that
this insatiable murderer at the White
House never intended the American peo
ple to decide this question of expansion,
that he Intended to saddle Imperialism on
to them and buckle it so fast before they
felt its weight that though they bit ami
kicked and rolled later it would not come
off. When warsot McKinley brought this
wanton conflict upon us did he know the
horrors he was calling down on our brave
men?
Ventura County Jail.
LIBELS DEAD PRESIDENT.
Yale Graduate a Prisoner in the
Both Canadians and Americans were In
tensely angered. There was talk .of a
lynching by the big crowd which soon
gathered, but the man was safely cared
for by the police.
VANCOUVER, B. C, Sept. 21.— News
was brought by the steamer Hating this
evening that a citizen of Dawson, sup
posed to be an anarchist, was given rough
usage at the hands of a small mob on
Dawson's streets on Wednesday after
noon. The dispatch relating to the death
of President McKinley had been received
there early In the morning over the ¦wire
from Skaguay. Dawson is a Canadian
town, but probably more than half of its
population is American, and the grief of
countrymen on both sides of the boun
dary line at the loss of the great Presi
dent was intense. Everywhere was the
feeling of regret and sorrow expressed.
One man— a foreigner, whose name it
was impossible to learn — was bold and
foolish enough to say within the hearing
of people on the street that the assassina
tion should have been done long ago.
Two or three miners jumped at him and
dared him to repeat the remark. This he
doggedly did, and then for a moment he
was lost in the scuffle. A couple of
mounted policemen ran up, and but for
their interference it .would have fared ill
with him.
by the Mounted Police.
Anarchist Sympathizer Is Rescued
RAGE OF A DAWSON MOB.
LONDON, Sept. 21.— A dispatch to the
Central News from Rome says the Pope
has directed Cardinal Martinelli, papal
delegate to the United States, in his name
to pay a special visit of condolence to
Mrs. McKinley. His Holiness ¦will also
allow many Americans to be present at a
special mass in the Pauline Chapel to
morrow.
Cardinal to Visit Mrs. McKinley.
VENTURA, Sept. 21.— Morrison I. Swift,
who has lectured throughout the State on
socialism, was arrested to-day at his Ojai
ranch on a warrant issued on two com
plaints charging him with criminal libel
against the dead President The alleged
libelous statements are contained in a
book published by Swift entitled "Liberty
and Imperialism." Swift was held to
answer in $5000 bonds.
Accused of Libel Against President,
OFFICES JOHN KELLY
A DIES AT ST. MARY'C
Was Formerly a "Well-Known Ath
lete and Noted for His Superb
Physique.
Police Officer John Kelly died last even
ing at St. Mary's Hospital, the cause of
death being diabetes, from which he had
euffered for more than a year. The de
ceased officer was 32 years old at the time
of his death and had been on the police
force foT three years, being attached to
the Southern Saticn under Captain
Spillane.
Kelly earned a good record for himself
as an officer, and general regret was ex
pressed by his comrades and superior offi
cers when they learned of his death.
The deceased was unmarried and a
native of Ireland. When he came to
America as a youth he located in Sacm
mento. where he secured a position with
the Capital City Gas Works. B. U. Stein
man, president of the gas works, was im
pressed with Kelly and advanced him
until he became foreman of the company.
Kelly was well known as an athlete and
an amateur boxer and eome years ago
won the Olympic Club diamond med-il
against all comers in the . middle-weight
boxing competition. H!s superb physique
¦was a subject of comment ¦with all he
came In contact with. Kelly was gTanted
6ix months' leave of absence without pay
by Chief Sullivan in April last.
Kicks a Police Officer.
Bartholoraew Caville, who was arrested
a few days ago on a charge of assaulting
Police Officer Daniel Owens with murder
ous intent in a saloon at Market and
Brady streets, was brought to the Rcc.iv
ing Hospital last night suffering from
delirium tremens. Police Officer John
Ryan, who arrested him at 22 Colling
wood street, was badly kicked by Cav^le
and had to be relieved from duty.
Bishops, and by virtue of that ofiice and
his ability as a controversialist wields
a vast influence. He is known to - favor
the proposed canon of marriage and di
vorce and. can be countel upon to favor
its general adoption. No Bishop has pro
voked more argument by the advanced
position he has always advocated on ec
clesiastical subjects. ¦ •
Dr. Doane is the first of American Bish
ops to adopt rhe distinguishing costume
of Anglican prelates. He has built a
fine cathedral in his See city, and in addi-
ONE of the most remarkable per
sons who will be seen. at the com
ing general convention of the
Episcopal church is the Right
Rev. William Cresswell Doane. D.
D., LL.D., Bishop of Albany and leader
of the high church wing of the church
and champion of the extremest views re-'
garding the rights and prerogatives of the
episcopate.
Dr. Doane is chairman'of the house of
RIO JANEIRO, Sept. 21.— A revolution
has been declared in the southern part of
the State of Matto Grosso, near the fron
tier of Paraguay, against the government
of the State. The rebels have occupied
Bellavista, San Carlos and Taruma, The
Government forces, assisted by the gun
boat Caricoa, succeeded in expelling the
rebels from those points. A brother of
the Governor, who was pursued by the in
surgents and who succeeded in crossing
the frontier and entering Paraguay, ar
rived to-night in Asuncion.
Revolution in Brazil.
LEADER OF HIGH CHURCH WING OF THE EPISCOPAL DENOMINA
TION AND CHAMPION OF EXTREMIST VIEWS REGARDING THE
RIGHTS AND PREROGATIVES OF THE EPISCOPATE.
Bishop Doane will arrive in this city on
the "Bishops' special," which leaves N*w
York on the 27th inst. and reaches this
city the day before the convention meets.
Word was , received at Southern Pacific
headquarters yesterday that a private car
containing thirty-one delegates to the con
vention would leave Raleigh, N. C, in a
few days. •
Among»the d-iegates will be Bishop Ar
thur H. Hall of Vermont, who was or.ee
superior- of the Cowley Fathers in Erg
land. J. Pierpont Morgan will also be in
attendance. H2 will occupy the Crocker
mansion during his stay here. Bishop Pot
ter of New York will be his guest.
MILWAUKEE, Sept. 21.— Major General
MacArthur announced " to-day j that he
would leave for Denver in about ten da.ys
to take command of the Department or
Colorado. Owing to the fact that a num
ber of generals will be retired within the
next year, General MacArthur expects to.
be ordered to Chicago within the isix
months.
tion his diocese .is well appointed in
church schoools. hospitals, sisterhoods
and other institutions of a churchly char
acter. - , , . ; - ¦ ¦' : •; » ¦
MacArthur Going to Denver.
VANCOUVER, B. C. Sept. 21.— A man
whose name Is said to be Martin or Far
rell is being sought by the police in this
city because he made a remark aJleged to
be treasonable, last Sunday evening dur
ing a public meeting. The orator of the
evening was referring with regret to the
assassination of President McKinley when
this man shouted that the same thing
should be done to the Duke of York. No
action was taken by those present at the
time, but to-day instructions were issued
to the detectives to apprehend the fellow.
Accused of Treason.
American Police Looking for Man
REVILES DUKE OP YORK.
McCall for many years was a warm per
sonal friend of McKinley. It /was ascer
tained to-day that it was McCall and Sen
ator lianna who induced McKinley to in
crease his life insurance in the last few
years. The President had many expenses
during his life and he had not been able
to save much. Up to 1SS7 his life insur
ance policies aggregated about $12,000.
Mrs. McKinley's Income from insurance
policies, the pension of $5000 a year which
Congress will grant and the money saved
by the President will be about $13,000 a
year, j
"The remaining $17,000 was carried by
smaller companies. This statement is ab
solutely correct in every particular."
"It is not necessary to mention any
name, but all of McKinley's friends in
Washington will understand who is speak
ing. The exact amount of McKinley's
policies Is $67,000, and not a penny more.
Of this amount $50,000 was carried by the
New York Life Insurance Company, of
which John A. McCall is president.
NEW YORK, Sept. 21.-In view of the
exaggerated reports of the amount of in
surance policies . on McKinley's life an
authoritative statement was made to-day
by one of the late President's closest
friends in New York City. He said:
sand Dollars, Placed in Several
Companies.
Total Amount Is Sixty-Seven Thou-
FBIEND GIVES FIGTJBJES
ON McKINXEY INSURANCE
received here to-day from. "Vienna says
that Archduke Frederick, a cousin of
Emperor Francis Joseph, was shot at by
a poacher at his country seat in Hungary
yesterday. The bullet traversed the sleeve
of the Archdjike but did not injure him.
POACHER TAKES SHOT
AT AUSTRIAN- ARCHDUKE
Bullet Passes Through the Sleeve of
a Cousin of Francis
Joseph.
LONDON, Sept. 21.— A* special dispatch
SAN . . BERNARDINO, \ . Sept. 21.-Addl
tional interest attaches to the forthcom
ing court-martial of Captain O. P. Sloat
of the Seventh Infantry, National Guard
of California, because of the fact that
Major Prescott, who has just returned
from 'two years' service in the Philippines,
will act as Sloat's counsel before the mil
itary tribunal. Major Prescott has been
for years a close friend of Colonel Berry
of the Seventh, who preferred the charges
upon which Captain Sloat will be tried,
but on behalf of an old comrade in arms
he has decided to oppose his former com
mander. He has had much experience in
the Philippines as provost judge and as a
member of military courts and commis
sions, and is likely to put up a strong
fight for the accused captain. •
The court-martial will open in Los An
geles on September. 28. The charges em
brace twenty-nine specifications, are pre
ferred by Colonel John R. Berry in person
and are elaborately and skillfully drawn.
They relate entirely to the . paper work
of the service and involve no hint at
moral lassitude or conduct unbecoming
an officer and a gentleman.
The judge advocate who will prosecute
the case Is Major Jones, a lawyer of Los
Angeles, who is on General Last's staff.
Special Dispatch to The . Call.
There was no material " change in the
condition of Mrs. McKinley during the
day. Those about her say that she is
holding her own and that this is as much
as can be asked. To correct an impression
that has gone out in some quarters. Dr.
Rixey to-night authorizes thi3 statement:
i "Mrs. McKinley is not being kept up on
opiates or other artificial stimulation."
Crowds continue to visit the church, the
courthouse and the cemetery. The court
house will be kept open Sunday to accom
modate the people.
To all outward appearances the McKin
ley home this morning is but one of the
pretty comfortable homes of North Mar
ket street, Canton's most desirable resi
dence section. No guard surrounds the
beautiful lawn and no doorkeeper stands
at the door to greet and hold in check
the 6teadj r stream ' of callers that was
wont to seek admission during the life
of the late President. j *
"Mrs. McKinley's grief is intense. She
is doing as well as could be expected, how
ever. Too much encouragement should
not be taken at this early day regarding
her." 4>r
"Mrs. McKinley is Improving rapidly,"
said the doctor. "This matter of driving
out is a solution of the problem, I think.
She needs little or no medicine, but ex
ercise and good healthy mental occupa
tion will work a great change. I . feel a
high degree of confidence in' her ultimate
recovery, and am almost certain that the
dreaded collapse wjll not come.
CAXTOX, Sept. in.— Mrs. McKinley was
one of the' first in her North Market
street house to arise to-day. She said she
had enjoyed a good sleep and that she felt
better than at any time since the fateful
night in Buffalo when her husband was
ehot. To Dr. Rixey she expressed a wish
to take another drive to-day. . r!-vvV r
Out of respect to the death of President
McKinley the exercises had been, post
poned for a week, but they lost nothing in
fervor or enthusiasm. When the curtain
rose it disclosed a. circle of the prettiest
Benioritas the Mexican colony could pro
duce. In the center was the honorary
president. Hon. A. K. Coney. Consul Gen
eral of Mexico, flanked by Dr. D. Trevino.
president: Gustavo Levy, vice president;
A. de la Torre, secretary, and Hon. Sam
uel M. Shortridge, the orator.
The declaration of independence was
read by A. de la Torre, who prefaced his
reading by a brief sketch of the causes
leading up to its promulgation by Hidal
go, whom, he termed the Washington of
Mexico. Seventeen misses, including Zell
Elvina Meganon, two years old. were seen
in a number of fancy dances, followed by
Mrs. Guadaloupe M. de Olsen in a con
tralto solo.
Glowing Tribute to Race.
A glowing tribute to the Mexican race
"was paid by Hon. Samuel M. Shortridge,
who said in part:
There is no spectacle 60 worthy of admira
tion, so pleasing in the Bight of heaven, as the
heroic etrugrgle of an oppressed people to be
free. Such struggles call forth the noblest qual
ities of man. They mean danger and sacrifice,
courage and patience, the agony of tears and
blood. The sacred causes elevate and ennoble
«nd make of the lowly and obscure heroes of
the world and benefactors of mankind.
Every free, independent nation has her natal
day— some day when tyranny meets resistance
and freedom unsheathes her sword. Such a day
we who believe in freedom and walk under her
banner are met to commemorate. For the cry
of Dolores, uttered on the 16th of September,
ninety-one years ago, was the cry of freedom
end those who responded to her appeal were
heroes and martyrs, the memory of whose deeds
of sacrifice shall not die.
God Bless Sister Itepublic.
With etricken heart and choking voice Amer
ica turns from the graveside of her precious
deafl. and. touched by Mexico's tribute and
sympathy, says to her. "God bless you, my
sister republic; God bless you and keep you"
from all harm."
"The Star-Spangled Banner" was sung
by the Paloma quartet, composed of the
Misses Lily Laws.' Millie- Murray. Ethel
Carroll and Eugenia Breitengross. F.
Carranza read a patriotic original poem,
and C. F. Jirninez delivered an oration in
Spanish, in which he dealt upon the fea
tures of Mexico's struggle for existence
and her friendly relations with this coun
try, and praised the late President Mc-
Kinley and Poifirio Diaz, President of
Mexico, in glowing terms. A series of
musical selections followed.
Dancing concluded .the evening's cele
bration. The floor was under the man
agement of Gustavo Levy, Vice Consul of
Mexico, assisted by James E. Green.
Liberty-loving: sons and daughters of
sister republics united last night In cele
brating the ninety-first anniversary of the
Independence of Mexico. Odd Fellows*
Hall, where the official celebration under
the a.uspices of the Mexican Patriotic As
sociation was held, was radiant in the col
ors bf Mexico. It was crowded to the
doors with an audience that rapturously
applauded the utterances of the orators,
who dealt mainly upon the intimate re
lations between, the United States and
Mexico which have developed In recent
years. •
A Mentone carpenter named , French
came to blows with a Socialist named
Hamilton to-day because of the latter de
fending Cox. Hamilton was severely dealt
with and came to Redlands for medical
assistance. The citizens are greatly
aroused.
Mr. Garstin, his employer, who is in
Bear Valley, heard of his utterances and
immediately telephoned his discharge. It
is said Cox had several friends in readi
ness, who claimed they would protect him
from bodily danger.
When the report of the committee was
heard in • Redlands by those interested a
tar-and-feather project was arranged and
last night a goodly crowd went to Men
tone to witness the ceremony. In. the
meantime Cox had fled and no trace of
him has. been found.
Cox is a member of the Redlands So
cialist Club.
REDLANDS, Sept. 2L— At , the time of
the assassination of President McKinley
Granville Cox, a laborer, working for H.
H. Garstin, one of the wealthy citizens
of Redlands, made the remark, "I am
glad of it." And later said, "It's worth
$100 tome." Not much attention was paid
to him at the time, but on Thursday aft
ernoon, when the people of Mentone, a
small town three miles east of Redlands,
returned from memorial services held in
the Congregational church in this city
Cox asked several, of the party, among
whom were three ladies:
"How many crocodile tears did you
shed for the old man?"
This enraged the residents. A commit
tee consisting of J. H. French, J. C.
Christie, P. W. Thompson, J. H. Tyler.
H. H. Bartel, J. F. Collins and E. C.
Morse, prominent in business circles,
called upon Cox and ; requested him to
make a retraction of the statements made
by him. or • leave the community. He re
fused to do either and said that he would
be at home in his cabin with three Win
chesters. .
Day of Nation's Independence
Celebrated With En
thusiasm.
Goes Into Hiding to Elude
'Crowd of Indignant
Patriots.
Her Desire for Driving Indi
cates That She Is
Improving.
Veteran of the Philippines
War Takes Up Cause of
. >; Old Comrade.
Redlands Anarchist Es
capes Wrath of
Citizens. I
• Court-Martial.
Will Be the Captain's
Counsel Before »the
Patriotism Exhibited by
Children of South
ern Republic.
Mrs. McKinley's Condi
tion Is Satisfactory
to Physicians.
BEARS SORROW
WITH FORTITUDE
RUNS FROM TAR
AND FEATHERS
MAJOR PRESCOTT
DEFENDS SLOAT
JOY IN THOUGHT
OF MEXICO FREE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 22, 1901.
the "..High- Church Wing; Will Champion
the Proposed Canon Regulating Divorce
Bishop Doane of Albany, Who Represents
WILL BE AN IMPORTANT FACTOR
IN THE EPISCOPAL CONVENTION
Nos. 832-834 Washington Street.
Large, centrally located corner brick build-
Brick Building! Nos. 915-917-919
Dupont Street.
Between i Washington and Jackson; lot 47:3
feet by 137:8 feet: best location In. Chinatown:
present rental $125 per month.
Choice Pieee of Business Property.
Nos. 910, 912 and 914 Kearny street, between
Jackson and Pacific, extending through to
Montgomery avenue; two frontages. 49:6 feet
on Kearny and 60 feet on Montgomery avenue;
will pay well when properly improved.
Prominent Third-Street Corner,
. 200 feet of Market Street. Larga
frontages on Third, Stevenson
and Jessie Streets. The largest
available corner left in this sec-
tion of the e.ty. Offered in three
subdivisions— N>; 2-~.
1. North corner Third and Jessie sts.. 69 ft.
on Third St.. 83 ft. on Jessie at. Stores and
offices; rents $5220 per annum.
2. Three-story and tasfement brick building
and lot fronting 1 60 ft. on Stevenson St.. 57:6
ft. east of Third st., and fronting 27:8 ft. on
Jessie.
3. Three-story and basement brick b-j tiding
and lot fronting '60 ft. on Stevenson st-, 117 :S
ft. east on Third st. and fronting 47 ft. oa
Jessie st. .Annual income from these last two
pieces $4000; can be separated and increased
with small outlay.
Nc. 14 Montgomery Street.
6. H. UMBSEN & GO,,
At Salesrooms ¦ of
Monday, October 7, 1901,
12 O'CLOCK NOON.
Crooks' Estate Properties,
BY ORDER OF COURT.
FINAL OFFERING OF
Referee's Auction Sale
For the benefit of those who are unable
to consult her during the week Ismar has
consented to give readings on Sundays,
from 10 to 12 a. m.
Don't let any foolish sentiment prevent
you from finding out what the future
holds 1n store /for you. Forewarned la
forearmed. '" *.- ; • ¦
Ismar can be consulted dally from 10
a. m. to 5 p. m. at her office. 1148 Market
street, two doors below Weinstock ¦ & Lu-
bin's, opposite Sixth street.
There was a social gathering the other
evening, and among other topics Ismar
was spoken of. Said one lady, who has a
very large acquaintance and stands so-
cially high, "Ismar, the Egyptian Gypsy,
is a most remarkable -woman. I called on
her some time ago, and ahe told ma
among many other things that on the 2d
of September my house would be broken,
into and many valuables would be taken.
I scarcely could give . credence lo her
statement, as I have always been some-
what skeptical, and accordingly paid no
attention to the warning. I am sorry now
that I did not, for, true to this remark-
able woman's prediction, on the 2d of
September burglars obtained an entrance
to our residence and got away after se-
curing a large amount of valuables. It's
strange, but it's the truth, nevertheless.
If I had . taken Ismar's advice it would
never have occurred." Several others re-
lated how . the Egyptian had correctly
foretold some remarkable happenings in-
cidental to their lives. The evidence of
those who have called on this -wonderful
woman is of such a nature as to convince
the most skeptical that the past, present
and future can be told.
A Prominent Society Woman Ad-
mitted to Friends Predictions
Which Came Too True.
True Prophecy.
ADVEBTISETyTRTCTS.
E r "PATEjjTS: J
;. MARKETST. ?F. Vw*^
rt'i FT nnif t I Corner Fourth*.' and T
I RLL LtllVAl "arket. S. F. Try
I llrr Kill ill our Special Brew..
LsHTL ¦iU lHL steatn and "^w-
VIII fci I'WI a»a- 5c . Overcoats and
valises checked free.
SIOtTX FALLS. S. D., Feb. 18. 190L
"For 32 years I suffered constantly from
protruding piles and finally had to aban-
don my trade of stonemason. Four
months ago I began using Pyramid Pile
Cure and before I had used up one 50c
box the disease had entirely disappeared
and there is no sign of its ever return-
ins I am completely cured. F. Capps,
216 X Minnesota. Ave." Sold by all drug-
clots '50c a box. Book. "Piles, Causes and
Cure!" mailed free. Pyramid Drug Co.,
Marshall. Mich. /
Awf ie! Pile Agony.
Cured— 32 Years of
SHOULD USE DA1UANA BITTERS/ THE
great, Mexican remedy; gives health and
strength to sexual " organs. Depot. 323 Maxluu
Weak Men and Women
AUCTION!
J. T. HARMES, 626 Market St.
G. H. UMBSEN, 14 Montgomery St.
JP. J. SULLIVAN, Parrott Building.
Arkansas to Wisconsin streets.
Nineteenth street. S. "W. corner of Wisconsin.
86:10 feet on 19th by 83 feet on "Wisconsin st.
See diagrams for further particulars, or the
Referees. » ; j^- ¦
Three Large Pieces of Property In
/ ..*: Potrero District.
Coming manufacturing center of the city:
described as follows:
Almost entire block bounded by ISth and
19th, Wisconsin and Arkansas streets.
Arkansas street frontage of 2C0 feet, from
Ing in Chinatown, northwest corner of Wash-
ington street and Stouts alley, between Dupont
and Stockton streets; 64:6 by 137:6 feet; renta
$350 per month. ' ¦ • ;'
/% Rupture Cured. ;
/( $k T 116 celebrated California In- 1
I V « iJiS^n ventor. Dr. Pierce, dlucoTered J
/¦Y^yT^t tcat the ° nlv reme<i y or u p-|
V? "Ji£a tureia ElectrlcJty, and In per-|
/ 1 vJSsf fecting his ironderf al Electro-
Xas- A\ y^^fW ftv Magnetic TruEB and estab-
t^n*\ i'^i^jy- **»&.N lithicgite sale throughout
&* world, he paTe to suf-
FM^ScSStSB^aW feJ*" fromthisdangeroua
«li^aW^B^S waUdy the relief and se-
'Vt^y^-^P^Sj curity ralnly Bought for
• *§*' elsewhere. This renowned
appUance is radically dif-
ferent from aU others and its action on the
£Sw4^ parU is quick and effective Cures
i^offpS«hed by ita u*e are numbered by the
If rnptnred inyestigatoat oa« .Call
or send a 2-cent etamp for new " Booklet ho. \.
Iddresa Maonetic Truss Co.. 1145 Broadway (near
v\ » f^**^T-
I CALIFORNIA
I LIMITED
j "THE SUPERIOR OF
I " THEM ALL"
H Everything " that tends . to
tl speed, comfort, pleasure and
M luxury unlimited. $87.00
§3 Buffalo and Return. October
B 3 and 4. Beserve berths for
H this famous train at 641
y Market Street.
I IT LEAYESEYERY MONDAY AND
I THURSDAY.-9.00 A. M., ON THE
B SANTA Ft
The Owl Wants 1000 Extra Mail Orders This Week.
No matter where you live you can buy drugs, medicines, chemicals, toilet articles, soaps, etc., cheaper from The Owl-
Drug Co. than j r ou can at home. We can sell you goods. at lower prices than your local druggist pays for them. We are
the original cut-rate druggists — we have three stores and sell to over 1,000,009 customers annually — we buy in carload
• lots direct from manufacturers, pay spot cash, and sell so much we are satisfied with a very small profit. We not only sell
at lower rates, but our goods are the very best you can buy— we guarantee everything^ve sell as the very freshest, most de-
pendable and purest in quality. We will fill your prescriptions at cut rates.
Special Offer. ¦*""^ ' — ~ " — ~~~ — ~ ~ -"""* Special Prices. <
Cut this ad out and send • : '^^^^^Btt^^^^^^^l^^fe-/*^^^^^ Prices printed inside the
us an order amounting to '^^^^^^fffWnWff^^^^^ Owl P ictures are special
$5 and we will deliver if iil» cut rates offered for one
free to any railroad sta- «Mm^wI# tJK^^Sw WCek °" ly> ¦ No Orders
tion within 100 miles. \wM^9^^A f^S^Prll filIed at theSC priCeS aftCr
«ii p u d 'j ' 'd&^~' *¦ ' '¦''.• '3?<ii -^Lablache Face Powder 35*-
... . /jfHr g _ H y _. - _ •&. nr» a-QTi /fk «<"> v^sk .Laxative oromo yuinine 20c
' „ , r - 20c, 40c # V/WIS'CuipnC'VO X % v Mellin's Food— large 55c
Allen s x* oot iiase * 20c /yjSty ¦ \*5^\ Alorsc's Pills 20c
Allen's Hair Restorer $1.00 to ._^ Xc *?%. \^ \' <r£ €£. £3h ¦ tfa>«<C McLaine's Pills 20c
Angier's Petroleum Emyl-; M JHGl C& SI & J3 1 ! jpl. d Q i V nj fv\ Malted Milk 40c
Ayer's Hair Vigor. 75c /w 1 - "We prefer quick selling and large sales VVlth \¥i , Mexican Mustang Lini-
Ayer's Sarsaparilla 7"5c« Ifi' r 1 • 1 ' • ¦ j 1 11" Tko^-'o ta "~" rnent f . . 40c
Ayer's Cherry Pectoral 20c Ml small profits to high prices and SKW selling. 1 natS |\ Merchant's Gargling Oil. 40c
Buckien^Arnica S 4 °° W why we CUt the prices of everything we^seH, and |j\ McBurney's K. and B^^
BScklen'l Electric Bitters 40c /» that's why VOU save here . on every, purchase. "iU Maltfne Preparations 85c
Bromo Seltzer 1 oc, 20c, 40c | This list of special prices good until Saturday \\ -Modene. 85c
Benson s Capcine Plasters 20c . . . o i r o .u o«L« "¦nlrrht- unA rlnv ill i Munyon s Remedies --
Boschee's German Syrup 65c f night, September 28th. Open night and day. L 20c, 40c, 85c
Bovinine 85c ;| Yvcttc Face Powder 25c Strychnine : . OZ. 75c . ,. Ozomulsion . - 85c
Blue Grass Bourbon I I- »*,:, 7«-6ave IOC • a i- oz ; bottle sell, regularly for $!¦¦¦¦ Md Our Native Herbs 83c
: Whiskey " $i oo |r«1 - x~ ' CjtmtWme. 30c VI i Pierce's PiHs 20c
Borax Powder-pound 10c W Malvina Cream 30c p o C r '" he face-xoc below regular price • /' gerc^s Prescription 75 c
Box Seidhtz Powders 15c w . we usually charge 4oc-oth«» 50c _ , n . u .*» ««j, K<- '« Pierce s Discovery 75c
Bath Sponges " . e c ¦ r|\ s «" Granular Phosphate Soda I5c .Hi .. Pi er ce's Smart Weed 40c
Beecham's Pills ¦ 20c 1)V Hoyfs "Cologne »I5c one ib. tins-regular 25c .-. IM Peruna 85c
Carter's Pills 15c \ft\\ ' , The regular 10c bottle . ;. Listerine^ Soap JQt hfu Pears' Soap 15c
Chamberlain's Cough 1*V u i nit D ' <i Good soap at small price , Ml Pinkham's Pills ' 20c
Remedy 4OC W\V Hunter . Baltimore -i^ e . ¦ *» Tuscan Olive Oil 35c jM Pinkham's- Compound 75c
Chamberlain's .Pain Balm 40c M sells everywhere for $.. S o, quart bot. IUS^ ere^ lar5OCDOttle .. If/// Pozzoni's Face Powder 35c
. Chamberlain's Diarrhoea M p r GJyccr i nc pint 30c Java Face Powder 25c //// ¦¦¦ g? ck , er > Tar .- s ° ap 7OC
Remedy / 4OC Wl _,/ A r , A lendld powder _ regu ur iS c ffJ/ ¦ Piso s Cough Cure 200
-Castoria 25c \«c\ - * *. " ?? •"- V ' $%t -S Paine s Celery Compound 75c
Cuticura Soap i^c ¦''^TTTW^T^-rT^^—^ Vtf'"~V>i V""- :7 Vv "TTvSaM ~"""m4 Radway's Ready Relief . 40c
Cuticura Resolvent 40c 'IM8M WIW7l3i^^»T T '^ ! £^$«§0 r JMMbhjffl Swift<s S P ccific ?5C
Cuticura Salve ] oc R ° Ot H * * * R-c"
Carlsbad Sprudel Salts . 85c <^JJJJB^ il^Sx V r™*^™ A\\\ KKA m^ m v" iyj^ . J^ZjjgjS* 5^. . . Grower 85c
Perry Davis' Pain Killer ,20c '' if? «JT (£7V /^//^^^ Seven Sisters" Hair
De Witt's Witch Hazel s % x /ifaO iylO/% Mfififfs* Mff ¦' Grower 40c
Salve 40c • \v\ '.k%™^- S?& ~» $¦// Shi'.o's Consumption Cure 40c
Ely's Cream Balm , 40c !\Jv^ ¦. lI2B **"'?« stl; s«h rr»neise© **•"' ?/(/ — : -*r '¦ •- — * Syrupfof Figs \ . | 35c \
Eskay's Food ' . . 20c Wi^o '?'" <!w " F « >o=>> s<- -Oakland' (/M ~ ¦ Scott's ¦ Emulsion 40c
Epsom Salts — pound. 10c • WV^Csy-p <f7V w 't/£A.'h£ SantaLMidy 85c
Fellow's Syrup of Hy- • " Ml 1 '^t€l^Q y)M.UMW'^^'m " Stuart's Tablets 40c
pophosphites $1.25 - * fflM&'ih • iftfllV StearnV-Headache Cure 20c
Green Mountain Asthma * ". '• '- ' WwMMi/l'M^ v 'r ", tS.t'rll'^Mvti ( Smith's Dandruff Pomade 40c
Hood's Tooth Powder 20c , '¦' ¦ -. ¦ ¦ • • ' • ¦ : :-'¦•' j*--~i!k^— _ >. < •. — . ¦ -^^ | : VinjMariani:' $1.06
Harrison's 4-Day Hair *"" " ¦ . -••¦¦• - •¦¦. . ¦ ~ '. — ~7 : ~ ¦ • • :. . " ! — ~~~~- * Wyeth's Vichy- Salt . 40c'
Restorer 85c Hamlin's Wizard Oil . 40c Hoff's Malt (Extract - . 25c Wyeth's Malt ¦' Extract—
Hostetter's. Stomach Bit- * . Halpruner's Pain Remover. ! 40c JayneVPills , : .'-¦ 20c S.y.for . . . v 65c
ters . 85c Hoffman's i Headache Cure." ..- 20c Jayne's iTonic Vermifuge 30c William's- Pink Pills '40c.
Hay's Hair Health .*..•; 40c". -Horsford's-' Acid -Phosphate ¦'••* ¦•• 40c Kilmer's Swamp-Root ;; ' _.. 40c, 85c William's Shaving: Sticks 20c
;[ \ t •; — — ~ — —— — ',"" — ¦ — : — - — ¦' ; ; .'". '•''•' — ' "'"';* "^; \ ]_ ";' : "Ym,-^ ;.¦'¦.;, — — ;"*"•' ' - '' ; — ¦ ¦/. . ¦";'; ; \'" ';." r '\'\ _ '." .'"-
ISMAB.Investors in California mining proper
ties are turning their attention in so many
different directions that no one can ques
tion the general interest attending the
mining industry. In the northern coun
ties the copper prospects continue to at
tract the great share of attention. On the
Mother Lode Eastern men have recently
placed money and old mines bid fair to
be made productive once more. The in
fluence of the Sweepstake deal in Trinity
County is still felt in that section and
the inquiry for gravel mines continues to
be brisk. Great hopes are built upon the
developments in the gold dredging indus
try in the vicinity of Oroville and also
in other parts of the State where dredges
have been installed or will soon be oper-
Bhasta County has maintained the con
per interest- strongly. In addition to other
deals reported in the past few months it
is given out that eight- claims known as
the Brush Canyon group, .located one and
a half miles west from Copper City have
been bonded for $20,000. The old Burnnam
min - e I". El Dorado County has been sold
to G. H. P Master. The price paid is not
made public by the parties. Six claims
in the Pittsburg mining district n ShSta
County have been transferred to the^Mc-
Cormick-Saeltzer Company, with ditch
fi? d 1 Wa l e I rl #l ts -n, It is also reported by
the Nevada City Transcript that the old
Eureka mine on Gold Flat has been bond
ed to - Colonel James of Los Anrelp* hv
Robert Simmons Jr. and Joseph Foyer
The old French mine in the Plumbago dls
trict, also in Nevada Count j V will beOpen
ed up by San Francisco parties
The Angels Record says that a com
pany ha9 been formed to take charge of
the Prince mine at Altavllie. A strike
has been made at the. Duchess mine
Sheep Ranch promises to become one <if
the liveliest mining camps. The Calaveras
Mining, and Power . Company Is making
progress with its work. A mill building
for the Melones mine at Robinson's ferrv
is under way. - ¦ - ¦ .
•The owners of the gravel mine at Phila
delphia Diggings in | Tuolumne Countv
have incorporated the Mountain Water
and Electric Company, for the purpose of
supplying water and' : power for miners
Graham & Loftus are receiving 85 cents per
liarrtl for the oil produced on their lease, and
their contract will r.ot expire for several
months. The Standard Is reported to be buy
ing the entire product of the Columbia Oil
Company p.t $1 45 a barrel. .This is very de-
Mrable oil for refining-. The Columbia com
pany -buys a low gravity of oil to burn in Its
engines to pump, selling every barrel of its
output for refining purposes. The Standard is
also purohaslne all the oil produced by the
Puente Oil Company, and under Its contract
The Bakersfield Californian reports that
the Standard Oil Company has recently
offered to pay 20 cents per barrel for the
Kern River district oil and to take all
that it could get at that price. No greater
price than that has been offered to the
lvcrn County producers by the great cor
poration of ¦which any knowledge has been
made public. The first offer was at the
rate of 15 cents per barrel. While th<j
syndicate had men in the Kern River field
offering these small prices other repre
sentatives were In the Fullerton field pay
ing from S5 cents to $1 45 per barrel. On
this point the Los Angeles Times says:
Throughout the oil fields there is more
of a stir than there has been for some
time past in the line of development work.
Cooler weather has something to do with
this. Los Angeles, by the formation of
its combination among the producing oil
companies , has already begun to reap
benefits In the .shape of better prices for
oil. Progress continues to .be made in
the Kern County sections. According to
the Los Angeles Herald there is little
seeming inclination to resume develop
ment on a large scale In the Los Angeles
t:ity fie!d. There is absolute Idleness on
the MoJave and Colorado deserts.- The
strike by the Western Union Company
has revived interest in Santa Barbara
County. Whlttier and Fullerton are more
active than cvor before in their history
as oil producers. Most of the rigs work
ing in Los Angeles are deepening old
wells.
New Deals Testify That
Interest in Ores Is
General.
Revival of Activity in
the Oil Fields Is En
• s couraging.
MANY SECTIONS
ENRICH MINERS
WELL DRILLERS
SHOW NEW LIFE
At the Chula Vista oil well the drill made
but two or three feet yesterday, but it went
through the ¦. hard formation In which It has
been working for three or four days, just at the
time of quitting work last night The drillers
aid not find the oil sand beneath the coping
and will not be able to decide in what forma
tion they are until this morning. They do not
expect to strike the oil for some distance yet.
but the drill has been doing good work in
making depth. ; • ¦
This morning the workmen will. begin load
ing the oil well machinery of the Yuba Oil
Company, preparatory to taking- It to the
desert, where drilling will ue commenced at
once. The well is to be sunk near 1 Coyote
\Vells, somewhat further south than any of the
wells which have been started there thus far.
There is no work being prosecuted on any of
the desert wells at present. Mr. Bailey came
in from the desert recently and Mr. Hanna is
also In the city. The Barrett well had hardly
etarted and at the Harper well they are not
now working. Some of the promoters assert
that they are waiting simply lor the return of
cooler weather on the desert. -
George W: Marsh, who is greatly interested
la the well at Encinltas, Is trying to eet
enough people to subscribe to the stock of the
company in lots of 120 shares each, payable in
monthly installments, to carry on the work
The tools are in the bottom of the hole, at
present, but an expert is at work there getting
them out.
The San Diego Union gives the follow
ing account of operations In 6an Diego
County:
The Coast Advocate-Pennant says that
Messrs. Frick and Parker have started
to drill at the Holtje place and will run
two shifts. They are operating in San
Mateo County. Messrs. Sallee, Hayne and
Guiberson have secured a new rig to
work on the Shoults ranch in Purissima
Canyon.
Although the Chanslor & Canfleld water
pipe line has been completed, so says the
Bakersfleld Californian, the property
owners along the line are still hampered
by the .price charged for water. One
property holder in the Midway made a
statement that he was paying $500 per
month for water to Chanslor & Canfield
for each rig in ¦ use, regardless of the
quantity of water consumed.
The grading work on the Sunset road is
about completed and the track will soon
be down. The proposition to extend the
line Into the Midway district is again be
ing agitated by the people of Midway. '
Water Is High Priced.
To take asphaltum out of a 16-inch vertical
hole may seem a tedious task, but the feat
has been satisfactorily accomplished In the
Kern River dlctrict, and why not here? The
process is simple and requires only the Intro
duction of steam to reduce the asphaltum to
a liquid state and the ordinary oil pump does
the rest. The only difference between the
work here and elsewhere is that here the work
will necessarily be easier, for the asphalt here
is almost pure, and In consequence may be
more readily reduced to a liquid state, while
In other localities It is found mixed with for
ei^n matter.
According to the Santa Ana Blade, as
phaitum has been found by the Bay Oil
and Asphalt Company at Newport at a
depth of eighty feet. A sixteen-inch hole
has been made and through this the com
pany will attempt to take out asphaltum.
The Blade cays:
The Los Angeles Record claims that the
Association of Producers in the Los An
geles city field now control 90 per cent
of the entire output. The oil committee
has received an offer from a large con
sumer for not less than 25,000 barrels of
oil. The first twelve months the con
tractor offers to pay 90 cents and for the
second twelve months will pay ?1 per bar
rel for the oil. The oil committee can
raise and lower the price according to
the condition of the market.
The Colusa Sun says that the well of the
Williams Oil Company is down 500 feet.
A company has been organized to go
after natural gas near McKittrick.
Producers Control Output.
la paylne $1 30 a barrel.- The contract Is on
long time. The oil Is also used for refining.
The Santa Barbara Independent is re
sponsible for the statement that the new
well at Careaga, in the Los Alamos Val
ley, in Santa Barbara County,' spurted
three times In one day and eighty barrels
came from the gusher in three hours. Op
erators will pump the well dry for the pur
pose of sinking deeper.
In the Bakersfield Oil Exchange, in ad
dition to oil shares, stocks that pay divi
dends will also be marketed. The mem
bership of the exchange is limited to 200.
Paraphrase Nesvadba
"Funeral March.""' Chopin
"Rock cf Ages"
••Beyond the Gates of Paradise" Kilns?
Paraphrase, "Nearer, My God. to Thee"....
Re«ves
Hymn, "America" '
Following is the programme for tho
sacred concert at the park to-day:
•'Solemn March" Batiste
Overture to "Stabat Mater" Hossinl
Andante from * "First Symphony" '....Beethoven
"The Lrst Chord" Sullivan
Music at the Park.
Morphine Caused Death.
Coroner Leland held an inquest yester
day into the cause of the death of Mrs.
Mary Jobson. alias Dolly Maxwell, a hab
itue of the Barbary Coast. The jury re
turned a verdict. that death resulted from
morphine "administered by some parties
unknown."
Veteran Soldier's Funeral.
The funeral of Hugh J. Brady, a veteran
of the civil war, will be held this after
noon. The body will be Interred by
Crockett Lodge, F. and A. . M. Lincoln
Post will escort the body to the National
Cemetery at the Presidio.
* Editor Pedrotti Sentenced.
Ferruccio Pedrotti, editor of La Voce
del Popolo, convicted by Judge Cabaniss
of a charge of battery upon Ettore Pa
trizi, editor of L'ltalia, appeared for sen
tence yesterday. In consideration of the
fact that Patrizi had accused Pedrotti of
being a friend of anarchists, which Pe
drotti denied, the Judge Imposed the light
fine of $20. with the alternative of ten
days in jail. The fine was at once paid.
That the above act has Impaired the con
fidence and respect of the parents I ara
assured.
• 2. That as evidence of her unfltness to be In
my school, and upon information and belief,
I charge that according to Miss M. O'Brien'3
jpstatement Miss Jean A. Dwyer, on the 4th
day of June last. di<i. In the presence of two
classes, take her. Miss O'Brien, by the shoul
ders, forcibly put her out of th>i room and slap
her face.
. 1. That aa Miss Jean A. Dwyer Is possessed
of such an ungovernable temper I consider her
presence as a teacher in the Sherman Primary
School Would be a perpetual menace to th3 har
mony and good discipline no* existing.
I hereby" charge Misd Jean A. Dwyer with
conduct unbecoming a teacher. In support of
this charge I hereby specify:
At a special meeting of the Board of
Education held yesterday the date for the
trial of Miss Jean A. Dwyer on charges
of conduct unbecoming a teacher was set
for next Thursday at 10 a. m. Miss Hurley,
principal of the Sherman Primary School,
has put her original charges against Miss
Dwyer in writing. They are as follows:
Dwyer of Exhibiting Pugilis
tic Tendencies.
Principal Hurley Accuses Miss Jean
The ¦ widow of Theodore O'Neill, the
painter who met his- death recently by
falling from the City Hall dome; yester
day returned to the donors the sum of
$350, which had been raised for her bene
fit by, employes of the Board of Public
Works. It was the intention to increase
the amount to $500,*but Mrs. O'Neill's
action will stop* further collections. Mrs.
O'Neill feels deeply grateful to those who
desired to aid her. but her brother. Dr.
E. M. Bailey, declines to allow her to be
come the, recipient of charity and .will pro
vide for her wants.- She has four chil
dren, who were left fatherless by the un
fortunate accident. • -
Widow Declines Donation.
Ci>rrdRK engagement has just been an
1 nounced of Miss Maybelle Stone
1 1 to N. P. Cole Jr. Both are well
XL known and popular in society.
Miss Stone is the youngest daugh
ter of W. W. Stone, long identified with
educational work in this State. She was
a- notable figure at the cotillon and Pre
sidio hops last winter.
SAYS THAT ONE TEACHER
" SLAPPED ANOTHER'S FACE
The motion to dismiss the temporary in
junction, issued on petition of the Laurel
Hill Cemetery Association restraining the
city from enforcing an ordina.nce prohib
iting burials within the city limits was de
nied by Judge Hebbaid yesterday. The
motion to dissolve was made by the city
upon the ground that the court which is
sued the injunction had no jurisdiction.
The injunction, hence, will remain in full
force until *the final determination' of the
suit. . . . • .
Motion to Dismiss Is Denied.
Mrs. M. Johnston and daughter of Sac
ramento are. guests for the season at the
Hotel Lenox. . . ¦ .
Lieutenant and Mrs. Ward have taken
apartments at the Hotel Lenox for the
winter.
Announcement is made of the marriage
in Napa on Thursday last of Prentice
Sherman Gardner, son of Dr. A. H. Gard
ner, to Laura Edn& Conn, daughter of
Dr. I. E. Cohn. The ceremony was per
formed by Rev. Richard Wylle. . • ¦
Mr. Cole Is associated with his brother
In the. furniture business, in which their
father made a fortune. The date of the
wedding has been fixed for October IS,
and Miss Stone has be.en the recipient of
numerous social attentions.
MISS MAYBELLE STONE, WHOSE
ENGAGEMENT TO N. P. COLE IS
ANNOUNCED.
Mrs. J. Bertz, president: Mrs. James Elder,
first vice president; Miss S. E. Cowell, second
vice president; Mrs. S. B. McLenegan, treas
urer; Mrs. W. E. Jackson, recording secretary;
Mrs. T. I*. Gould, corresponding secretary;
Mrs. William Frank, Mrs. O. B. Burns. Mrs.
R. H. Countryman. Mrs. William Hollls, Mrs.
M. H| Hecht, Mrs. C. M. Kinne, Mrs. Guy Man
ning, Mrs. A. H. Martin, Mrs. H. E. Osborne,
Mrs. E. F.- Preston, Mrs. William Thomas, Mrs.
F. V. Wright, Mrs. W. S. Leake. Mrs. A. Dern
ham.
Quite a number of San Francisco's most
fashionable and charitable ladies were in
attendance at the San Francisco Nursery
for Homeless Children yesterday after
noon. The occasion was the eleventh an
niversary of the founding of the institu
tion. Seventy-five tots, dressed In their
best and looking the^picture of health,
went through an interesting programme.
Richard Jose, the popular tenor, rendered
some choice selections. Miss Elizabeth
Bartlett recited and Miss Grace Freeman
played the violin. At the conclusion of
the exercises refreshments were served to
the little ones.
The following named Iadle3 comprise the
board of management:
Music and Partake of Re
freshments,
Orphans Enjoy a Programme "of S-weat
and others. The Sonora Union-Democrat
says that work has been abandoned on
the main shaft of the Clio mine, the rea
son being the shifting character of the
surrounding ground.
Preparing to Work.
The Jordan placer properties at Sum
merville and Petersburg, in Siskiyou
County, have been sold. They contain 300
acres of mining ground on both sides of
the South Fork. Fifty men will be kept
at work at Summerville. Mining is re
ported, generally speaking, to be quiet on
the South Fork while the fitting . up for
the season's run is in progress. The Black
Bear mine is* reported to have struck a
new body of ore. The King Solomon mine
is working and is doing considerable de
velopment 'work.
_ The Yreka Journal says:
"'Fred Mahler is now making an effort to se
cure the ground of the Yreka Creek bed and
each Bide, between the southern boundary of
the town and the Blue Gravel mine on Green
horn, tb put in a dredger apparatus. He has
secured most of the ground already at a fair
price, but if blocked by unreasonable figures
may not be able to succeed. This ground will
no doubt pay.'well. but It will require a great
outlay for opening the same. The work is to
,be ¦ undertaken .by Eastern capitalists, for
whom Mr. Mahler is acting-, and when they
see a ,wide difference In the price asked for
the use of the land, or really right of .way to
reach bedrock, it is doubtful whether any
agreement can be reached.
Several interesting announcements are
made ¦ by ¦ State Mineralogist Aubury,
which are summed up as follows:
The work of collecting data for the forth
coming copper bulletin, giving all available in
formation concerning the copper deposits of the
State, is nearly completed and nearly all the
counties have been visited by. the field assist
ants. George A. Tweedy has been sent to
Colusa County to gather facts concerning
quicksilver, concerning which metal a bulletin
will also be . issued. G. K. Bailey will start
very soon for Southern California, having been
commissioned as a field assistant, to inquire
Into the saline deposits of the State. He will
visit Salton and portions of San Bernardino
, County and will examine the nitrate and borax
deposits of Death Valley. A map will be com
piled to give the location of these substances.
In the bulletins to be published Information
will be given for the benefit of the miner and
prospector , especially. The California State
Mining Bureau has received a gold medal
which was awarded at Paris for the exhibit
made by the bureau at the French Exposition.
Northern Developments.
The Redding Seachlight says:
A deal was consummated In Redding Wednes
day which seems to sound the death knell of
the Eureka tellurium mining property near
Middle Creek station. It was that in which
the' Eureka Tellurium Gold Mining Company
sold to the Tyrer Mining Company of Siskiyou
County all the machinery of the plant, Includ
ing that of both mill and mine.
The purchasing company will have the plant
set up on its property near Klamathon. The
Eureka tellurium once attracted great atten
tion.' ' It was believed to be Immensely rich.
The 1,000,000 shares of the corporation were
bought all over the country. The plant which
has been sold was installed, but the rock
could . never be worked successfully with it.
The anticipated values failed to show and for
years the property has lain idle.
According to the Trinity Journal work
l.as begun , on the Ajax group of mines
on the Oregon mountains. These claims
include 1800 acres of mining ground ad-
Joining ' the Sweepstake property on the
south. C. D. Galvln, managing owner of
the Galvln Dredging Company, will have
drifts run and will thoroughly prospect
the : gravel this fall. Upon this ,work
will 1 depend whether the mine will be run
as a drift or "as a hydraulic proposition.
In addition to the 1800 acres already held
by the company Mr. Galvin has patented
640 more. Trails are being made over the
property. ,
A. great amount of mining in quartzjin
addition to much prospecting, has, so
bays the .Yreka Journal, been carried on
at Humbug Creek. A new short cut road
between Yreka and Humbug is proposed.
Prospecting is proceeding on the north
and middle forks of the creek." The old
Knapp ledge on Humbug will be worked
again. • ' . .^ •
The Coe mine, situated on >the Nevada
City road, near Grass Valley, has been
closed. down. The company that has
operated the Coe mine Is back of the Erie
mine at Granlteville. Operations may be
resumed, but the local' papers are not
sanguine on that point.
The Tuolumne Independent says that
the Brown, mine, near Tuttletown, will
soon, resume operations. Workmen are
retimbering and sinking an old" shaft at
the Badger mine, which was formerly
worked by. Ballard and Martin. A haHf
interest In the Newcomer mine has been
sold by John T. Newcomer to Adam
Elliott. v
Fifty-three cars of bullion are on stor
age at Bella Vista, twelve miles east
from Redding, so says I the Searchlight,
the product of De la Mar's Bully Hill
mines, and there is enough bullion at the
smelter awaiting transportation to make
up many carloads more. The SearchI5ght
says that /the bullion will be sent by De
la Mar to the Atlantic seaboard in five
treasure trains, which; will be decorated
with banners and placards telling specta
tors that the »¦ wealth; comes from Cali
fornia.-. 1 . ' - \- ' ' ; , • ' ''' ' "- ¦¦.'.¦.::.
The Los Angeles Mining Review says
that the.Ratcllff mining property in the
Ballarat section <• will : soon -,¦ be running
again with ! a: full complement of : men.
The Panamint -property; i- in the'- same
camp, ; will also' be started up.* .The Sduth
Inyo group at -Mountain Springs and the
San I Francisco ; mine | on uhe Slate range
crc being prepared for opening. ;
Runs Into a Fruit Wagon and Pain
fully Injures Joe Figioni, the
Driver.
Trolley car No. 1104 of the Kearny
street line succeeded in having things its
own way yesterday forenoon at the inter.
•eectlon of Pacific street and Montgomery
avenue. ¦ As soon as the car made the
turn from Broadway street into Kearny
the motorman lost control of It and, as
the track was wet and slippery, it came
down the sharp Incline at a lively rate.
On the crossing of Pacific street and
Montgomery avenue ! there were two
wagons. The one nearest to the car was
hit with sufficient force to throw the
driver, Joe Figioni, a fruit peddler, from
his seat onto the fender of the car» He
was carried a block in this perilous
tion before the car was stopped at Jack
son street.
He was taken to the Emergency Hos
pital, where he was attended by Dr. Armi
stead, who found nothing more serious
than a slight lacerated wound over the
left eyebrow and a contused injury to
both legs. The animals attached to the
wagons fared worse, however, as a mule
hitched to Figioni' s vegetable wagon was
severely injured and a horse attached to
the other wagon, which came in for- a
second collision with the car, was badly
hurt.
MOTOBMAN LOSES CONTBOL
OF A KEABNY-STBEET CAB
H"0MEI*ESS CHIIiDREN' ARE
BOYALLY ENTERTAINED
Lieutenant Raymond S. Pratt, artillery
corps, who has been attached to the Nine
ty-fourth Company. of Coast Artillery, at
Fort Flagler. has been ordered to join the
Thirteenth Field Battery here, relieving
Captain H: G. Bishop, who Is under orders
to go t.o Fort Adams, R. I.
General Robert H. Hall, U. S. A., who
Is to be retired shortly, is home on leave.
Colonel Haan, artillery corps, who, is in
command of the Twenty-eighth Company
of Artillery at the Presidio, is on a short
leave of absence.. • ....
. Colonel Jared A. Smith, chief of the
engineer, corps of this harbor, has been
ordered, to Philadelphia and will be suc
ceeded by Lieutenant Colonel David P.
Heap. . •
Lieutenant Colonel Henry' O. S. . Hei
stand, assistant * adjutant general, has
been : relieved from duty on , General
Young's staff and. ordered to. report at
once to the adjutant general at Washing
ton, D. C. He was adjutant on' General
Chaffee's ' staff during the trouble with
China. •
' During an intermission the juvenile
guests were treated to refreshments. The
children furnished numbers for a pro
gramme of entertainment which added
much to the pleasure of the evenins.
There were recitations, fancy dances an<l
vocal music by Baby Hazel, Mae Charles
ton, Clara Fahrenh jlz, Frances Robinson,
Homer and Estelle Sosso, Isabel Han
cock, Louis Jones. Edward Jones and
Miss LInnie. In addition Billy Hynes sang
for the children, five ladies dressed In
children's attire gave a zolo concert an.l
eight young girls danced the backward
lancers. Then followed dancing for the
grown folks. Mrs. Ada R. Duncan was
the head of the committee of arrange
ments.
Golden Gate Chapter No. 1, Order of the
Eastern Star, gave a party Friday even-
Ins In Golden Gate Hall to the children of
the members. There was a large attend
ance. It was joy for the little ones from
the time the doors opened until mldnlgnt.
Colonel Jared A. Smith De
parts"for His New Station .
at -Philadelphia.
Little Ones Have Pleasure
From Early Hour Until
Midnight.
Colonel Heist and Goes
• to Join \ Adjutant '
General's Staff.
Eastern Star Entertains
Youngsters in Golden
Gate Hall.
OFFICERS LEAVE
FOR THE EAST
CHILDREN ENJOY
EVENING'S FUN
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 22, 1901.
COUPLE WELL KNOWN IN SOCIETY
ANNOUNCE DATE OF WEDDING
Very Popular in the Younger Set, Select
the Middle of October for Wedding Day
N. P. Cole Jr.' and Miss . Maybelle Stone,
16
Another carload of Call
Premium Atlases left Chicago
Thursday, September 12. They
will arrive in this city, and be
ready,' for distribution .about
September 23.: % . .•• -J
Every Call subscriber is en-
to a copy of this fine
book at the premium price of
$1.50. None but CALL read-
ers are entitled to the Atlas..
¦:..v. ( Z-i.' ¦ " ¦. "'¦ .
CALL ATLASES
WILL SOON BE
READY FOR ALL
) FREE ANOTHER WEEK!
Drs. Shores, the Catarrh and Chronic Disease Experts,
Give Their Services Free This Week Only.
.etf^Sg^tes. TN ORDER TO DEMONSTRATE TO THE SICK AND AFFLICTED
y£r?gg|^i|||^^ * the value of CORRECT DIAGNOSIS in the cure of Deafness, Catarrh
and all forms of Nervous and Complicated Chronic Diseases, Drs. Shores have
/^i^^T^ W. arranged to examine absolutely free of charge all who apply before September
r*Sm% mM 29- -^ rs - Shores will tell you, FREE, what the disease is from which you suffer,
/,/jKTO \k the "CAUSE" of your ailment and "WHETHER" or not you can be
fiww/flr Ki « This grand special offer goes into effect AT ONCE and holds cood every
MM **£*«»? 00Bmm day this week up to SATURDAY NIGHT AT 8 O'CLOCK. SEPTEM-
MrW ®^ ImSW BER 28. to all who apply. DIFFICULT AND OBSCURE CASES ESPECI-
[\l\iM "ZS?' \^nj ALLY INVITED. Apply any day this week. WRITE, if you live away
V Wv ' \ III from th ? city> for FREE EXAMINATION BLANKS and get a complete
\A 4 7v • diagnosis of your case, free. . '
]\ ' JmBbK-l TEST DRS. SHORES' SKILL
1\ jM&zS^kls AT HP^ SHOPFV FYPPM^F
1 / This free expert examination Is eiven by Dra. Shores for the sDeclal benefit of those
yV • *"*¦ JL -w-hoare in DOUBT as to .what their ailment really ia. It will also allow the public to test
jd \ >e>_^ W FREE Dt9.' Shores' skill as expert physicians and specialists at Drs. Shores* expense. Drs.
vfjffl \ * Shores court the fullfst investigation. This expert examination is absolutely free to all who
• T0 T fF*
iKffi ( \BrSiy//Af SfffHli 11 ' Urs Shores know there are thousands o£ sick people with Catarrh or some OBSCURE
fflmywaVSffll mall' NERVOUS OR COMPLICATED CHRONIC OR PRIVATE DISEASE who blindly doctor year
M\ >* «EWK 1SBBSS#f after year with this doctor or that, and spend hundreds of dollars on "FAKE PATENT
ta^ MEDICINES," who have no correct or definite Idea of WHAT THEIR AILMENT
• ' • " ' REALLY IS or the CAUSE of their sickness. It ia to this class of sufferers that Drs.
J E WELLS 3942 20th St., San Francisco, Cal. Shores" free, expert examination will, prove of INESTIMABLE BENEFIT. -
« " " ¦ ¦• _ _«-•-«• %,r- « no If you « re a "Doubting ThoniJis" as to Drs. Shores' skill; If you are deaf: If you have
ASTHMA 1-4 YEARS. Catarrh; if you suffer from any Chronic Disease and are In DOUBT as to the CAUSE of
. • ¦-, ... ,, your ailment Drs. Shores, especially invite you to come. This free expert examination 19
Read the Tesfmc ny of J. E. Wells, made to^|^|trat^c^^^
the Well-Known Restaurant Man.
Mr. Wells says: "\ am an old resident of San H q M r PEOPLE EACH WEEK POINT TH E WAT. If you apply this week Drs. Shores
Francisco, havlns lived here since 188S. and a m t n free wnat your ailment is and If you can be cured. DO NOT DELAr.
creat many people know me. I have been a rOMF .vy D\Y THIS WEEK.
great sufferer from CHRONIC ASTHMA, ca- • Afte r you have had your case diagnosed FREE. If you want to be CURED Drs. Shore**
tarrh and bronchial trouble for the past FOLR- Driceg an( j termg are within the easy reach o f all— $5 a month for all catarrhal chronic dls-
TEEN YEARS. My asthma bothered me so £ med lcines free. .
much it Interfered with my sleep. I would
WEIGHED 117 POUNDS. I felt weak and run wou!d BLOAT UP after eating: anfi PAIN ME A^P NK^^f
down' in every way. I HAVE DOCTORED greatly. My food did not seem to do me any .MR* fl^^v
™ ,L S-ourteEN DIFFERENT DOCTORS Rood, and after I would eat a hearty meal I {>&&? ifflgSft
for ¦mvESubl^ bu t nona of them did me any would STILL BE HUNGRY. My condition l®^. &*** &2g&\
pcrnwnent good. This was my condition when grew gradually jy o rs e. iiritil the past year X ,flM/£^\ ¦»%=&? $&&l
1 came to Urs. Shores ONLY FOUR MONTHS have been UNABLE TO V -ORK. 1 also grew dti& >j*Z^ <CB£- mfg%)\
AGO I CAN SAY I FEEL LIKE A NEW. very NERVOUS and MELANCHOL.r. and was y^SJ *^J»7 IKSSfiU
MAN \ HAVE GAINED TWENTY-K)UK v^ WEAK AND RUN DOWN In evenr W. . W 1 TtfB,
SCi-icrm ¦' IN -WEIGHT I SLEEP FINE Thi3 was my condition when I came to L>T3. a Vi*,/,
SoW^AIJL NIGHT7 AND MY -COUGH IS Shores ONLY TWO MONTHS AGO I can say ferfPUTV JjRlW
MUCH BETTER. | I FEEL STRONG. THE that Drs. Shores have helped me more in the U\ . y~ N •&&/£.
NOW^D BETTER THAN I HAv4 BEEN ANY MORE AND 1 DIGEST OT FOOD My gE* f W^S
ik- FIFTEEN YEARS. . I take oleasure In kidneys and liver are much better and my 1^^ faSMy
recommending Drs. Shores to "all sufferers, for nenous system is also much impro\«:d. I sleep •. M^S^A.
they have done wonders for me. Rood now. and feel better and stronger in every J=^-i^S||fi^S>^
"Any one doubting this statement Is at lib- 'way. ' ,9
rrtv to call on me and I will jrladly verify the "IT GIVES ME PLEASURE TO RECOM- «\
truthfulness of- this" testimonial. , MEND DRS. SHORES' : TREATMENT to all <«/\ v^N^A
, "(Signed) ' ¦¦. ' J. K. 'WELLS, . \ sufferers, for. they have ¦ done WONDERS for ¦' \ ' -, . OaTTj
i "3^42 Twentieth st., San Francisco, i Cal '! me." .' \<^^\ ~~ r%^} /2SiKj
DlRS. SHORES & SHORES, specialists. W>^ '¦¦Wfr-
Permanently HISTORY Rl 111 HlMfi 7?^ MARKFT ST 2d Hoo^.'San /.".... : :
Located in »i<J»V"» DUILUINU, / J. J lYmi\l\l_ I <3 I . Francisco, Cal. MRS. MAY E. Wn^ON. 2H Turk *.. tea
. Olfice Hours— \Veek Days, 9 a. m. to 1 p. m. Evenings, 6 to 8. Sundays, 10 a. m. to 12 noon. Francisco. .. -
E black COOOS OUR STORE WILL BE CLOSED TO-MORROW. ANOTHER 2!
mm> •_ BARGAIN "'* * r ""»»tim"i'-~~'~~"~~"~'~'**~^"'* —^ — — ——.———¦— i^^g—^——v miftM^n . , - . net
I "MfSr Reopens Tuesday, Sept. 24th, With a "»" 6 " |
ZZ For Tuesday.. 15 -Black Chantllly -•
a^— pieces double width. _ -. _ ¦BB /S£)K ' H > an< l Escurial Gal- _•
SH; On Tuesday, September 24, we will inaugurate the most gigantic Silk Sale that trade circles have ever
g- known. The quality, style and extraordinarily low prices prove this statement to be an incontestable fact. Over =^!
y 15,000 vards of new choice Novelty Silks were closed out by our New York buyer from the Receiver of an em-
£ barrassed Silk Manufacturer, which we secured at just ONE-HALF THE REGULAR SELLING. PRICE. It
y-- is the Silk opportunity of the entire year because we are enabled to offer you $1.00 Silks for 5Oc and $1.25 and
= $1 50 values for <»»c yard. They represent an unrivaled collection of Fashion's Fall Favorites in HIGH-CLASS
•- PERSIANS, NOVELTY DRESDEN TAFFETA, in serpentine effects, PEAU DE CYGNE and SILK- -*
Jf STRIPED GRENADINES, in all the pretty evening and street colorings. . -Sg
SI! 6000 yards All-Silk Grenadine, in jBS af^ A QOOO yards handsome $1.25 igpSk /$F|i jfl
beautiful silk stripes, with small H ||H and $1. 50 Fall Novelty Persian | S @ ||
fc polka dots suitable for evening g^ | | Bj d Dresden Siks, warranted !«. ELM Ij I =3
SI- dresses and waists: in colors of ** M gS 19 *•"» . ' . r« i^*TH '!I2
5= pink, light blue, maize, lavender, _||| .. pure silk, in the most exquisite $|
SE= rose, cream, white and black; also Mji || color combinations and • de- |JBj|n
SI PTJTCLE SILK PEAU DE CTGIXE V^ signs, suitable for complete' IU| 2
~- in street and evening colorings; a Reg. Value $1 dresses, waists or petticoats; Worth $1.26 and $160. =35
~: beautiful and soft fabric; every . were made to sell at $1.25 and $1-50 a yard; 3
y- vard positively worth $i.oo. At the extraordinarily low it • r **r\ J "25
5^ price Tuesday of 5Oc yard at the sensational lo\v % pnce of.. . . . .69c yard
S^ As we have exerted our best efforts tp outdo all former silk sales, and anticipating big selling, we advise
early attendance to enable the thrifty buyer to procure the choicest. On display in our large show, windows. ZZ
|= FRENCH FLANNEL SALE. RIRRONS BIG DRESS GOODS OFFERING. j|
£ TUESDAY 50c YARD. HIDDVIIOi COLOftED VENETIAN 98c YARD. 3
S= Regular Value 75c and 85c. AN EXTRAORDINARY BARCAIN. Regular Value $1.25. =3
g- 12&0 sards of the best imported French 5Qg RIRBON FOR 29C YARD. ». A rare ofte J il }^ so e " lj ;J n * he season. -^J
S= Flannel go on sale Tuesday at 60c a yard. 0Ul ' niDOUH run '"" c 5, Ut Y* W ? nt tO . £ r^ d .. the d ,? partI ? le^ ' '
•— You pay elsewhere for the Identical qual- 300 Dieces Liberty Taffeta Ribbon, 5 Tuesday. Imported \enetian, all-wool, 50 ~5
S^ lty and similar styles 75c and 85c. A great Inches wide, warranted pure silk, soft and Inches wide; a rich, soft fabric for tailor ~*m
«~_ var'ety of cretty depleijs In polka dots, lufetrous finish; In all the leading shades, suits; in colors of old rose, reseda, tan. ;3
••— strires scrolls and Persian; in the lead- incluijinff white, cream, light blue and brown, royal, cardinal, garnet, castor and _^
§i l?f... < :?:?. r !^?:... i : u .!! d . a . y .... ram 50c ttZLto^l^ J?^!:..?^ 29c
B GREAT SHOWING OF NEW A MONEY-SAVING LINBNG 3
WOOL DRESS SKIRTS- SALE. * =1
Our* first ffrand opening sale on Tuesday of Ladies' ' For Tuesday and Wednesday we will offer our patrons an =5
Z~ ~ :,r. |. . *L. . , s .. , i,- „ nn A unusual opportunity for purchasing Linings and Notions at far "^
5^: DreSS and Walking bkirtS — the Correct new snapeS ana below the regular selling prices. We made a big purchase from r25
IT" ideas of tilis fall Made of the very best and choicest a wholesale house about to retire from business, which permits — «¦
materials in Cheviots, Venetians, Broadcloths, etc. No 25c auallty 3
•r matter what price you pay, if you buy here there is the SATtEN WAIST LINING iSCTtl. sat'en ffning? 2 3
21 satisfaction of knowing that the skirt is correct in Regular VfllllB 25C Yd. ?. n i he est colorings and
every detail. They were made by New York's lead- 6a £ at b !f. c . k :..°?.. sP Ya?d 18C 3
inp manufacturers, having the ideal shape and hang and oil If IMRPFN Yrf Tnese Moreens are extra heavy _*•
Zl perfect tailoring. Marked at «•: »u en .i en T ith a h !f h , , fin l sh and brllllan t 3
£ :... .f-oo, ?7.r>o to ?ir>.oo Each - - Wortb 50c and 60c. iK^S^m^Kli#3
ti and brown grounds, with bright stripes of yellow, red, green, *
*r— • purple, light blue and navy; actual value 50c and 60c. QQr» ~^X
Z^ _ . On sale at Yard OOv •—^
S= FOR TDESDAY 1° han^ Ome D I5. 5S Skl^ tS « J? u adc . Of 25 dozen Nainsook Shields, a Corduroy Binding, a good
ivn lUliJUrtl* ne Black Diagonal Cheviot, fine quality; regular Ckr quality; worth 5c yard Q^ "^
£= beautifully tailored, trimmed with 3 rows of satin vaIue 15c P^ir; at.. .Pair »^ On special sale .Tard OO
band andfinished with 7 gore, full flara A «^ c-Q °£^£ Ipe-^ lengths; valul £2 3
«»_ great bargain at... ..Each v^'^vr clal at Piece <jw ioc. Special Dozen O^ *^*
r n VJ^!VZfr?'M'if^ BIG SHEETING SALE TUESDAY. EXTRAORDINARY OFFERING. J
£ FRENGH FLAHKEL WAISTS. K ™ g * w s.JSxrC NEW SILK WAISTS ' 1
•T The grandest gathering- In variety of da . for less than preS ent mill price. We "™ WIU . =3
;£: styles and colorings ever brought together. secured it under price and so can you if C flfk r_-L z^S
w- The swellest Parisian novelties in Flannel. you come eart y ; ful i y T2 inches i f*~ CpO.vlVF LoCll. - =35
**^— Cashmere and Corduroy, handsomely em- wide- at . . Tard £Ow
Si— broidered and tucked. ' '¦"."* """" We will have ready Tuesday morning ~**
¦t- the grandest collection of new Pall Silk ZZS
5= FXTRi SPFfiliL FDR TUESDAY Waifcts ever at jps.oo eaC h. =S
,^_ CAinft OrtUIAL run IUCOUMI. U/UITC BIIUIfCTS 3C0 P^ 8 Whlte Ca »- The best of silks were used for them- *"?
g— 500 French Flannel "Waists. Just from the ft III It PLMniVtlCI fornia Blankets, ex- finished in the latest fashion- every one z^
»__ makprs. of the be?t quality Flannel, tucked CO QS ESCU^ tra heav >'- for double guaranteea to fit perfectly in all the new ""*
¦*— In front and back, with bishop sleeves, in v^«wv mwhi St nicely silk colorings and black; in sizes 3' to 44 On
ZrT £ll the best coloring^; a $3 waist CO 0 " bound; good value at $4 50. Extra CO-« Special sale Tuesday at c? S* 00
2S= for Tuesday Each «I>^ special at Each O-4 ..., Each OO—
2£= $10.50 COUNTRY ORDERS RECEIVE PROMPT 1 ATTENTION. LADIES' ' 3
E SILK 1 PETTICOATS — — • FALL UNDERWEAR. 3
g jj (25 Eachi 3
ADVERTISEMENTS.
If roa haren't a rcculor, healthy increment of the
bov.cls every day, jon're 111 or will be. Keep your
boxTciscpen, and bo vrelL Force. In tho ehapoof rio-
lcr.tphTt.iccr pill poison, is dangerous. Tbo smooth-
¦st easiest, most j.erfect way of keeping tbe bowel* .
dear and clean is to take
/y&fya OATHARTIO
EAT *EM LIKE CANDY
F!»as«it, Palatuble, Potent. Taste Good, Do Good,
Never Elcfcen. Weaken, or Gripe, 10, E5, and 69 cenU
per box. Write for frea sample, and booklet on
tfilth. AddrcsH - ' . • •» •
ymr.Txn eEMEDY COZPjLXT, CHICAGO t XEW TOES.
KEEP YOUR BLOOD GLEANCountry Residence Burned.
SANTA CRUZ. Sept. 21.-The charming
home; of Mrs. Catherine " McKenzle - lii
Scotts Valley -was burned to the ground
The Lyceum Clothing Company.
P. C. Kelly, assignee of the Boston, will
sell Thursday 5C0 all-wool suits for men,
worth $1S, for l\ 65. -These suits are from
the Lyceum Clothing Company's stock,
made In all the latest shades of tweeds,
cheviots . and worsteds, single and doubla
breasted, cut in all the latest styles, tailor
made and only W 65 a suit at 773 Market
street, near Fourth. C. P. Kelly, As
signee. •-.;•- • ¦¦ • •
.The subscriptions now amount to about
JGOOO and no canvassing has been done.
Special committees were named . to. have
charge of the work and subscription lists
are to be ¦ placed in the various banks.
All the school .children will* be given* an
opportunity to subscribe and the .monu
ment . will . be : the popular creation - of * the
entire county.
SAN JOSE, Sept. 2O.~The work of erect
ing a monument to the late President Me-
Klnley wlll.be rushed. Organization of
the monument committee was effected to
day by electing J. R. Lewis chairman
and AV.'G. Alexander secretary. The
tender of the $3G00 by the San Jose Art
Association was accepted under the con
ditions named, that the balance of $10,000
be raised and the association be consulted
in regard to the. style cf monument. .
Monument Fund Is Growing.
SANTA CRUZ. Sept. 21.-The injury to
Governor Gage in Big Basin yesterday
was not so serious as was at first report*
cd. His horse kicked him on the Instep,
cutting the shoe and lacerating the foot.
After- -hia: associates 'had dressed tho
wound the Governor pluckily mounted hi!>
horse and continued on to the camp.< i
The Commissioners spent to-day in, in
specting the Basin. Those composing thtj
horseback party are:- W. H. Mills, Gen
eral N. P. Chlpman. Father Kenna, A. W.
Foster. Professor W. L. Dudley, H. Lind>
ley and Duncan'McPherson.
Foot of the State Execu
tive.
Kick From His Horse Lacerates the
INJURY TO GOVERNOR.';;^
¦ GAGE IS BUT, SLIGHT
UKIAH, . Sept. 21.— The planing mill of
Probably Incendiary Blaze.
Alto Congregational - Church officiating.
Only relatives: and close friends of the
young couple were present. ' , .
"Miss Wilbur was a student in the Latin
department while at Stanford and Is a sis
ter of Dr.. Ray Lyman Wilbur, . head of
the department of physiology and histol
ogy. Her home is in Riverside. ' The
groom is a son of C. P. Bailey, the San
J o?e stockman, whose specialty is the
raisins , of thoroughbred , Angora goats.,;
nership.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Sept. 21.—
Miss Cello. Wilbur, ex-'Ol, and Charles
Everett Bailey, .a business man of Ban
Jose,'. wore united In marriage at the home
of Dr. Ray Lyman Wilbur at 1 o'clock this
afternoon. Rev. Mr. Baldwin of the Palo
GARDEN CITY MAN WEDS
V',; FORMER STANFORD CO-ED
Charles Everett Bailey and Miss Cella
Wilbur Form a Life Part-
, SEATTLE. Sept. 21.— Notwithstanding
assurances ; from the- owners that every
thing is all right,' there is- some uneaoi
ness.ln shipping circles over the non-ar
rival* of the steamship Oregon. According
to the most relfable Information, she left
Nome for Seattle fourteen days ago, yet
she . has not been reported. Shie> is the
record boat-'on" the Nome route,- having
made the v round trip a short time ago in
twenty days. Her owners say. that In tha
present case there was no, reason why sho
should attempt to make « fast, time and
that-onithis account there is l no occasion
for apprehension. .-"., •¦ ••
Crack Vessel on the Nome Bun Is
Overdue and Has Not Been \
Spoken. .
ANXIETY OVER DELAY
n;:;£; TO STEAMER OREGON
Orr & 'Evans ot this city was destroyed
by tiro liiHt nlKlit. The loss Is $8000, with no
Insurance. The flre is believed to have
been tha work of an Incendiary.
SANTA CRUZ, Sept. 21.-The sinRlnjr
section of the Turn Verein of San Josno
arrived this evening and were the itue*t9
of tho Arton • Singing Society. At the
Ocean House Hall the two societies {ravo
a concert,, which was followed by a danco.
To-morrow afternoon they will have a
picnic and dance at beautiful Wagncri
Park. The visitors will return home on
Monday. •
Guests of Santa Cruz Arions.
yesterday. Mrs. McKenzle was awny at
the time and found her place In aahca on
her return.
Thief's Quick Trip to Prison.
SANTA ROSA. Sept. 21.— William, Jones
stole some buggy robes from a loco I stablo
OL.YMPIA. Wash.. Sept. 21.— At this
morning's session -of the Puget Sound
conference of the Methodist . Episcopal
Church the resolutions introduced Wed
nesday practically boycotting: the Boston
Theological School and G-arrett Biblical
Institute were reported from the special
committee greatly modified but still con
taining: a. Bcathlnsr attack on the two in
stitutions and deploring the further re
tention of the teachers. .The resolutions
as reported were adopted unanimously
with? but- little debate. This. places the
conference on record as being opposed to
"hisher. criticism." ,¦ ;
Pufret Sound Methodist Conference on
Record Against "Higher
Criticism."
ATTACKS THE BOSTON
THEOLOGICAL SCHOOL
and was arrested yesterday. Ilia prellm-
Inury henring occurred to-day. Ho plead
ed guilty anawna sentenced to four years'
Imprisonment. ¦ <
R?dwood City's New Depot
REDWOOD CITY. Sept. 21.—CotiKider
tb]« of the material to bo u»«>d in the
f ruction of '.he new depot at this plars
nas olrcttti/ onived. " 'n«c original pinn«
nave been moOlrled, anC It Is now tho lr>
:rnt1on of the r"«;» tlutn Pacific Compmy
*o build a much larprer and more Impos
ing structure. The depot win be erected
opon the triangular block of land eevcrul
hundred yards south of the present build
ing and nearer the center of the city. Tho
Fpaee not occupied by the depot will be
'urned Into lawns and flower gardens.
CONSUMPTION CUBED.
An old physician, retired from practice, had
>'.a/?ed in his hands by an East India mlpslon
iry the formula of a simple vegetable remedy
lor the epeedy and permanent cure of Con
iumntion. Bronchitis. Catarrh, Asthma and all
Throat and Lung Affections; uIpo a. positive
inil radical cure for Nervous pebllity and all
Nervous Complaints. Having tested its won
ii-iful curative powers in thousands of cases,
tnd desiring to relieve human suffering, I will
*end free of charge to all who wish It, this
<Vpe In German, French or English, with
\J directions for preparing and using. Sent
ly'ir.all by addressing, with stamp, naming
his paper. W. A. Noyea. 847 Powers block,
tochteler. ti. X.
1,09 AN0KLK8. Sept. 21.-Jo* Knto, ft
Jap&nop In the rmploy of tho Hotel Van
Kuyr. wok nccldentally killed yp»terd«y
.n a pctullnr matinrr. Knto wnn anx
ious tt» i*rp liow the rlovator worked, nm\
climblnjr to the kIiIp of llu< phnft ho istuck
hin IuwmJ ihrouch Just ns the elevator wuh
• nrenCtnK. In «n ln«stnnt the rj^nvy Iron
weights which balance tho elevator do
ncendrd upon hi* head. He whs crushed
by the <W'O pounds of Iron into the nar
row rpacc between the weights and the
grating. _
Curiosity Costs His Life.
The following California pensions. were
granted: Thomas W. Ward, Carpinte
ria. $S; Hiram Dyer. Madera. $10; lienja
xnin V. James, 1'arterviile, $S; Gardner
Pattlson, Sebasttij>ol. $10.
Patents were Issued to-day as follows:
California— Gabriel A. liohrick, Los An-
Seles, system lor utilizing liquid atr or
other cues for jiurpust-s of refrigerating
or power; Joseph Herbs, U<nllumis, auto
matic device for covering boils; Francisco
li. Joy, (ilcndo.ii, metal i:o«t» coupling ami
washer: Charlcn K. Keller, Los An«:e>len.
l^outlieel; J<»hn H. Madison, petalunm. In-
Tubator heater; Mortimer McUoberts, Ban
l'rnncisco. parkins ••aso fur Incandescent
mantel*; Frank EL Proud. Orange, frult
rlranitiK machine; Jnrnen M. Wlshart,
Oakland, pular heutor: l^wls T. Wright.
KeKwli-k. mastim: furnace (rvlBHUe);
James 1*. Sutsun. Han Francisco, and W.
J. Thomns, SnuMnlito. steam boiler.
Or**i;<>n— Frederick Kdenzer and J. Hullt,
Hooil Hlvrr, blry<lt> rousirr brukft Fran
cis M. Humphrey, )*< ndlelon, elt»«tlun
booth, kniH-kduvvn Mructuic, e-tc; nnnu',
dnuttlt'-tlcrk cur: Thomas J-\ I.;uii;.i\ .
CorviilllH. turntable; Jnmc* White and J.
Bnyder. Mnrphttrlil, ««r lock.
Watihlniciun— Krinard K. Harris, Ab«>r-
C"cori. means fur uttuchlnx mw teeth J
Georpp C. I in-- .mi. South Tiirumn. harce-
Ehorr'it knife; Kmmi J. Thornton, pem-
Inn, toothpick.
WASHINGTON. 8cpt. 2I.-Thc Tout
offlco Department to-day announced tho
full'.wiiiK- Po*tmRi«ter commlcKlonoO—
California— Josf-ph U. Fowler. Uryn Mawr,
cm.
Th» following pensions wore granted:
California — Increawp — JoflVreon Carvll'o,
Riverside, $10; Joncph 8. Htcjvart, Coluna.
112; ThomttH J. Hliukhurn. Bun IjIoko, JS;
Waltrr 11. NorthiiM, Kan Diem, JS; Jummui
HrvMni. Vrterutm' Home. Niipn. $10; ill-
Inry W. Houlre. Hun Kriuicinco, $:».
Wldown— MfNuaa Wi\r— lirldfjet Lynch,
Oakland, IV ¦,
orfjron— Increniip— Henry Ilopklnn, New
t.crffh. $X; Jiimn W. McFurlund. Ulaila,
$10.
>Vai>h!ncrton — Incrrai*** — Thomaii Grny,
nicklftoji, %y, Albert Mornt*. Clnrkmn,
$12; Charlrs W, Young. Tucuina, $S.
Postmasters commissioned: Oregon —
Frank G. Jones, West Call; Luman Ray,
Box; Charles 1>. Pearson, Dothan.
WASHINGTON. Sept. 21.— The Postofflce
Department has issued the following:
and Pensions and Patents
Granted.
Changes Made in the Postal Service
OF INTEREST TO PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
STOCKTON, Sept 2L-The San Joaquin
Valley Commercial Association convened
here to-day, with delegates present from
all of the counties in the valley. Presi
dent S. C. Smith of Bakersfleld called the
meeting to order and an address of wel
come was delivered by Orrln S. Hender
son, chairman of the Board of Supervi
sors. Irving Martin acted as secretary.
In calling the meeting to order Presi
dent Smith referred feelingly to the re
cent national bereavement. In speaking
of the San Joaquin Valley and the work
of the association he was very optimistic,
but at the same time referred to the ne
cessity of energetic, co-operative, organ
ized effort.
A. R. Briggs, ex-president of the asso
ciation, read a paper on the Supreme
Lodge of the Knights of Pythias, which
Trill meet in San Francisco in 1902. It
¦was a careful and exhaustive presentation
of the subject and served to bring out an
interesting discussion, participated In by
Mr. Briggs. President Smith, the railroad
representatives. C. B. Brown and other
delegates and F. E. Covey, who spoke
from the standpoint of a Knight of Py
thias.
The meeting resolved to undertake spe
cial advertising among the Eastern
Ivnlghts of Pythias, as the forthcoming
national convocation at San Francisco
will bring thousands to the coast. It was
the opinion of members that they should
be reached before they set out 'for San
Irancisco. as advertising would do little
good after they arrived and became en
grossed with fraternal business. The rail
road representatives promised to co-ope
rate, to the end that visitors be given in
ducements in the way of transportation,
by which they could pay a side trip to
this section.
At the afternoon session an interesting
paper on "Oil in the Construction of
fetreets and Roads" was read by H. A
Jastro, president of the Board of Super
visors of Kern County. He strongly ad
vocated the use of oil on roads and gave
the experience of Kern County with oil.
A paper prepared by A. G. Wilson of
Visalia on "Colonist Rates From the
East" was read. He took a decided
ground to the effect that the railroad
companies must radically, reduce their
rates in order to bring desirable colonists
to the State. He scored the railroads for
the policy of charging all the traffic would
bear. He claimed, in brief, that the
growth of the State had been retarded by
thetransportation companies.
V."hen the paper had been read Presi
dent Smith glanced at the coterie of rail
road men and remarked smilinglv, "It's
up to you, gentlemen."
T. C. Hocking of Modesto read a paper
on "Improving the Appearance of Things
in This Valley," which was In effect an
advocacy of making every day in the vear
an "arbor day." He said the unbroken
and dismal appearance of the valley in
summer did much to discourage immigra
tion. •
"How to Make Money in This Valley"
was read by Thomas H. Thompson of Tu
lare. He advocated diversified farming
and the offering of liberal inducements to
manufacturers.
The railroads wore represented at the
conference by Paul Shoup of the general !
passenger department of the Southern j
Pacific, Industrial Commissioner Davis of
the Santa Fc, G. W. Lupton of the Santa :
Fe. Division Passenger Agent Jones of
the Southern Pacitic and a number of
agents from valley points.
Sr>ecia; Dispatch to The Call.
Advertising Will Be Done
Among Eastern Knights
of Pythias.
San Joaquin Commer
cial Association in
Conference.
VALLEV CITIES
PLAN TOGETHER
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 22, 1901.
17
I Men's Ustderwear Mew Flannels, VHHK'"'l"BfllMKI^H < Bilk J Sheep Skins 41c. Women's Under' J
tf and Night ShirtS. A gr«t wu: in twilled French Flannels, a |^'i9|«Eag H^6J9 BvP H K I B We have secured another ti 5 lot of those 75c 1 rr l r»^ 9 * 2*11*3 flnciat«v '^
j* "** t 50c quality in the leading plan colors, just WH-BHjMHH^. BB*" * W JW M^^ MB IBM H Bffi^^g colored Shee S'cins at a little "more than Wlfl1 ****^ **M1W flS/MCl Jf* >x
S* MM A^'i Frece- Lined ««^ • - . fl V P! ha f their va us. They ars good arrrage u r j n |.. b v .^N A#& «
S;° V rj aXC Merin ?» m ico pieces Printed Wnppsr Flannel*, styles [P* fi^BIE^ . 75c sk : ns for burning ani decorating, and the A^ool Mixed FfelA M 7$i>J ) «*»
£ : J<lm\l(K Z^ CALIFORNIA'S l^RQECT- AMERICA'S GRANDEST STORE be^f * *^ 1^7/ I
5 /^ Vl iW RV") m d' C ' '' U 'r0% high neck, UM / L \ij \
I A/ \W cp^ Ty^oUnnaatohmbKo Dross Qoods'Bargatnsi^Monday 1^^ v ) I £- g \
*' 7 _ A\ | ""'en r t ta for W0 ° y ards oJ 38 " inch All-wool Sacking— Excellent quality and waight, in all of the n2w fall shades and mixtures, fengt^oior /(( A WA J
f /r\TXll Srv/earj i uch as' reseda, old rose, cade: blue, royal blue, castor, navy, brown and garnet, a very useful fabric for . JJ^^J \ki^^r === \/ %
*' (I //# i?#^Ji" waists, wrappers and children's dresses, and.one of the B : g Store's" greatest dress goods values, -'&mmg% Efig^-JjS \ \ V\ *
* \\ / I™ $S.OU to-morrow's soecial Drice, per yard... ...... .....:...........:..... %***%* n*M-* \ ; \ ilf£$
j: \ I I fS^SSSSSS^ 500 yards oIS2-mch.BlacK Cheviot— Positively all wool, warranted fast dye and a splendid quality, an excep'ion- SoV mS unfoS \ WM "S
% bratei N ?w Brtain make, a w di made and ally good value . at the': regular price, Ji.oo yard, an extraordinary offering at to-morrow's fi€&*% ¦ *&*-}?** fi , ttin 8» t u "j
h nicely finished fibric, good wint r wc ; ght, rr f ° .. te r . ° @W tfce Onelta «>' lc . Atoned across chest,
6 and a sp'endid va u: at the -j-j *" X * ' ' 'V ; ... . ccJon natural or white ; suit . ' [ •
ib price ; suit np2*BM%JfU ' . ! '. ! ". ~~ .. . ; ~~~7 ', ! ~~" • • &mmW <•
I M |LSs!^HlH? S r?==nm Sale Loom Ends Ribbons. Sf'SfSSt^
I ill|iSlitei?S ¦ A t^fiShi/t u- , We have bought about 9^00. yards^of Manufacturer's Loom Ends of Jj IZ^ZZZZ *" f
* ."'r. S-f m c"*" nk,i, E ' „ =^3si I A VM^^W// i'W High-Grade Ribbons at about half, what they would have cost us if they had m .=.«.'«. ho«.dM<»^ii>,thek U d {{
J. tnmmoii ..ch 5UC ¦ been full pieces. These Loom Ends home h leng hs from 2 to 7 yards. o*rf m , m»i» i«i >>d • ¦ «
\ S£JSi2|^SM W^^^^^mMX^\ , Are in P erfect condition, ail of this season's weave, the finest goods manu- K«i^fe«%«^ j
5 >shed gaopent that win not shrink, _ — ¦ 7^-^F^f^^^///// /> \W/ V fsctured, such as Satin Merveilieux, Liberty Satin, Taffeta Parisian, in solid ««ee-iined, high spiked hec!s, .«
i j^.^W-SS X colors cr changeable, in white, pink, blue, cream,. nile, turquoise and cardinal. affi'SS^i^iS^iSS " *
Z Bovs Oolf Shrts— Nice, neat patters, co:.i- r^ —^^^-7///7// / Hi hi /// ' ' *r -n L • j. j • r .? . ../• 1 r? t . - L xl r t s fibbed Wool nose— 1x1 aad 2x1 5J
i. flrtaUe shirt fcr school wear, cuffs of same \WWW//A/ /'// /' I /A' " ' To-mCTfOW- We. Will begin.tO .dlSpOS6 Of these beautiful RibbOnS at the fol- Ribbed Australian Lamb'. Wool Hose, war- S
*C materia', to be wor.i with white _ 0% f i^/— t X\ lO win^ DriceS * ranted fast back, doub'e knees, Merino '3
?» collar each 5OG ' .'//// / / / /¦'/ $'1 H//^^~ li T ''""'*'- ' ' he-els and toes, sizes 5 to 9 ; pair. }5
J ' "*"." . - m'f^l'^illLjM'UUiW V I 5" Ectl br ' llant Parisian Taffeta, solid of changeable 7-inch Taffeta Parisian and 6-inch Liberty Satin Rib- 2OC %
. :;:.j//M/|r/p(ffa{|p|nf( 3 ! ' colors, 35c per yard quaity, for. ;.... -q_ bon, 50c, 60c and 65c per yard quali- Wj» -_ _ , . 5
V&MBK&& tft&BW<&*& • |,||. m, , jj| , (/( 5^ , inch Lustrous TafFeta> also 4 . inch double-face 6 and 7 inch High-Gradc Novelty Parisian Lumi- TiflQ NBW SIlO&S S
*' _^. eh \^ nttos:^ oursh ° w . :n f fnewwt [j 'ii: '' liJ - J ! Satin Duchesse, 35c and 40c per yard *%**^ neaux Ribbons, rich colors, 75c per *%0%^ ." w V-^> 4J -J
jl* Fall Silks. \\ e vc got som: ot the brst va u?s ¦ . i I HI i .. . , JJ T r ' •*!#* , ,. - , » /^ r A stock second to none, evsry new and de- «X
g that we have ever shown, most of them un- ) k J I J- j t qu« l?e V<or . ... . . . . . . * . . *m* Z, ya , rd. q uality ......... atattm J t T»
» equaled e"te*hcre for exdusivenes3 and eco- • ,ij li {! / 'I ]UA — . 6-inch 1 atteta ransian and 4. }<£ -inch Satin Mer- 6 and 7 inch Satin M'jrveillcux double-face Ribbon,' T „ ', . , "2
» • 1 •• tjt »u c »> i 1/ i(X "t^K. x -v 1 -i 1 ¦ 1 -r t 1 . . • In • 11U . there are more than 430 styles; space .-• •'^
J SS^S^^^SS^I^ • ! / !LU if%.' ' Veil ; eUX * ; be ' 45C 5 ° C 27C fcea f ful r Color^ the^- 2 5 P« yard ff^ fi will permit of the m:nticn At hifa'diea J
J Persian Novelty SUk-a, inches wide, -naU • !|i]/ l^rW^!^a^ qualities, for J* * *~ ouahty for. ; . . . «*•*« of - g
tf cf the new co'oiings and ccmbnations that li m<- N /^f\ W\ fli^^> A1.0 abC \l\ IOOO VardS Of NOVe tV FanCV RibbOnS— Sh^rt LOOm EndS **&***«* «?? P*tent leather l«| *& *
%f ari to be ttvH h th : s s:ason lor shirt waists *j£**% srr~J V/^v^=- I J t t j. Z <i m m i r» t. • t. le i I* 1^ thoes, hke picture, best 8 I EytA •»
I and trimmings; F r yard « a5<^ — justwhat youwant for yourNew Neck Bdw£— at about hall regular qB1 ut y of Vent feather, ««, «[ f #S 5
J» %&tavHwjP JJJ' 1 ' ¦ PriC€Sl f '- ccin toe and imitation tip, a me- 5K^§£§3 Jl
* Peau Di Levant-24 inches wide. This silk . '. '. f jm flcx . ibl1 8o!e » 9 ub , an /MMfi *«
ft has a brauti:ul finifh and is t uarant«d to bob m^ * nm, /m a ma x*» b? * . ' «a »-» ¦ hre s, all sizes and widths, i^V^^^ai X
i wr.r and warranted to wash w,» ; will make FU B*8% B$£g §*& .Q&i*&SG£ *"*d HSM^SBie tVGW Gi&&fc&-~~MGW DtTOSSCSa M%&Z4 *
K good shirt wants and costumes; cjmp'cte * ¦ * IWX • . • *i*m*m%0+* £f*fej£a&!tt/ ¦J
g lire of new coloring-, per __ Quality— Style— Low Prices. , Jff9^) Never before have we had such a **. new styles of J^mJF& - %
£• yaid iS>S«t»C# WfcP^Sk/ , ... . . , -Lidies' but qua'.-
j S»* Panne Ve'vet — 19 and 20 inches wide; exra Gooi Tapestry Carpets — Bright, cheerful pattern-, for par.ors, dining- CeWlluering Variety and assortment itv patent leather < g**£%«*St**' *%
|'Jt quaUt)-: all new rich co orings: the velvet is rcoms » bedroom-; a'o haj md stairs; worth 75c per yjrd. Special lacrrics «?#.<? 'jtst^fk , nf nnVP»1tif>Q flQ \ire» nnw hflVP hpfA a;rid ici Kid Jf
Is- very much in demand at present for miliirery Roxbury Tapestry BrUSSCh— The kind with the double Strips on _^ V \ "WVCIU«dS-WC I1UW lldVC I1CIC. Lice Shoe?, cloth tops and kid tops, pfent ,<f
|g P^s«; F»:ard...5/ggand A^SI, th e e, ck; gooJ ch fl , pa , t?rns; reg », ar P :i.e *x.co Our spcchl lri « . . . . &2c ;'jg&K New Jackets, ' in all lengths.. $6.45 iO $35 U £ n y:L^£ S
I g Bod y Brussels— Whrttals and Lowell make; borders to match; an exceptionally /'W'^C \ V New Long Coats and Wraps. . . . $10 fa $1OO or Louis XV hec^s, have been placed in stoc!c %
\* f/flwr jap>««j'i/i»f«* En £««i^neof patterns; none re tw roads; regularly $1.40 per yard goodj. Our *g-*j-» \JX *. VVA New Velvet Coats and Cap:s. . .$25 to S150 within th: week an i marked _ Jg
ij. SVGW *%r~F'MV<~i& in fpe<11 i price> iewed> , a - d and infd : .;; &¥.£& V A/r\ New Dresses S/S #O 5/55 •¦•• ¦ $3m5O -J
j J* LadieS* and GlrlS* Linoleums — 1 2 feet wide, made of the finest quar.y of linseed cil and pulverized \ feA \ N cw Woolen Waists S12Sit%^7 45 Ladi:s * Vid Kd Sbocs> n * w st - ?Ie •'
| Furnishing Dapt. p^|lg|Silf p|| ©Co liiSi^lirii^ I|
*•* - Babies* Xevv Bonnet? .. . Liacn Warp Mattings — Our own importation; beautiful lint of color- _^ J^^^S . - / — , fKg% 'g n '" w co ' n toe and patent leather tip, wrlted J«
S 4^>?f .."53Gto$6s5!) ings and deigns; KwrsiVeanl durable; worth 35c per ya-d. Sprc : a sa'e price. .. 7GH-G /•» tXtra OpeClal tfprgaiit. «tens:on sole, spring hecs, " ' :^
S ?ir^ Chjdrsa'f New Hats.... All-Woo! Art Squares— Heavy and durable all-wo^l high art designs. Special / : fe^ «#/» «f<7 «#« Gillr-l /» D rf | a «fr S' res 8^ to n for $1.25 J|
tf «--*!?. $t.COtoSS3 5O this week as to lows- ' J HX^. *'v V^-T a S>UK-LMea UaCK- siz:a X1^ t0 4 for $1.5D *
% J¥$L Bab^wooisac q u,s size 9x6f . '^ ft ft loft ; 65n ., f: . llf ,. x9 r t . 1Jr >. 6 in.x 9 ft. yj%^Jt\ f^ s , $7 ' 4 r 5 ~ A ¥ e^ }?' of . szm^' e . Sllk - Our $3.53 line Men's Shoes $
12* n Z'"&?° to &*> 50 P'ke $4 23 $5.25 $6 30 $7 35 $8 40 $9 45 jr/l^mK Lined new Jackets, in a big variety of lengths consists of the n:w«t styies b patent .'eather, n
S S&To^ob Hall ScttCC ofGo.den Oak, pDlished with fancy spindled back; 32 /C^/ / J/ \ and sha P es ' %nt and dark tan and black; all Vid kid, box calf, velour calf and calfskin, Jj
I GrTOi »ff§SSSf5S i-he.^wou^^o. Sp^Uaepr-c, f. I ........... L $5.&5 C€f j// " * A sorts of cV.hs and all sizes; some few.re slightly
T- r> / vAl J £3 on to «« nn ¦ • /y Zcv. /'/ \ soiled and some s lghtly mussed, but all are very v inn ° l D - ra f ac lo «=" at e^i? f?5^ .12
*" / oIS^^^" " <fi^jggpP^Rock» IBc«. cut-Highly" po-J.hed, of golden oak •\^T\L&- fine Jackets; regularly Lo to p»c e< per pair S^frCJ jj
*l / I y?i¥ $3.25t°$t6 59 Y^^d50^§§^{ °> mahoginy, unusual fhiped arm? with 6 sp :ndl:s su Pj o:t- < I 8 • while lot lasts.. %^ /ff aT&'^L^ «
•£ / I JSj Children's Drrsstf. . . fc^r^S=-^^U^SH ing each arm, wortli |8.oo; special sxle m B t% B * • '• ¦ ' -*:'.* * V* -?»" ¦ 'fi'X*--- " - mav '~mm A' m 4.— B \
t Wf^^ n ~ I^Siiii^PISi NewMillineryl NowSVSsliineryf W^^l^^m^ I
$ J^s* B *3ttl?fd° ( Wm] X 75i^^^... S2mQ5 v "Ready-to- Put-on Hats" for 7? c to^^.ob, in a P^s only posaible in the big store. J
K 59oto $t.OO MfiMll ] I ii mfllWi! - «r" "j""b j'"r '".",'," ¦ ", "*,j V /• • , . . • . ffi2 r "I — -ii - -,••"¦ »"'~V K r rk*s Turenile Soap, the coc box SSo'-'aI
g Ladies- Aprcns-New S tye.2Scto^.75 MIIbs! I I jjtfi Wooden Fed of su table ash, golden fin sh, three- great variety, that will give any one a -choice.' And Emporium viovt water, tie 5 octotde. 35o i
IJf B»M«* Mittens 25CI>$1.U>J> QgOTtS'^i* . Jffi^ ' qu mer tuc, ¦ nicely ornamented, woith ft -. _ qirh vqlll»«? S'lk Dra nPfi Ha t «; thnt hflVf* TPal <;tvlp n^r Umbeit's L'steiine, the 75c battle 65O
x L.dies- Farcin«o !S sjctoft.oo sS^tz^—SSe $5.00; s cdai sa'c prce. 0?fV0 jucnvaiu.s. urapea nats, inai nave real style, 93c Royil Tooth Powder> th ; 3 I5c can fo© 5
£" /f "fi * a^rt Kitchen Cabinet— Made of hard wood, double and $1 .^O. Camel S Hair "HatS, with feather pompon Extract Witch Hazsi, the zoc bo-.tk . . . . I5o *¦ jj
5 Book SnecaaBs /LJ^U^ f^^re^^^^ S
jj. *^ .»*««p M^^^'vF^'/ LadiES ' Drcsstn 8 Table-In golden oak or ma- you do VOUr " OWn trimming, hatS" at 7^C tO $6 CO, and Dr- I-»««f« Skin S«p t asee«k«f5o J5
It; Captain Ravinshaw, by the authoi of Philip & Ft/// hoganv, with a Fr;nch-plate mirror, fancy thip-, size nx ,, ., " ' . 4 - • .7, , . u " J -, Imported Tooth Bruihes, 15c quahty for./ IJO *
\i Winwoo.\ pub liber's price $1. 50, our price (uZj^ [My 18 inches, w.rth $13 oo- sp-eial sale price «Q " gff all the neWeSt trimming?, DirClS, leathers, pOmpOnS and Im r erial Paste for all shoes, box tOO J
|i — •••- ; '"'"¦ ' materials of /all kinds at astonishingly low figures. — Jj
|j: price $1 .so, the b E s.ce ' 8 P ric« ,Mcnd», All-Over Yoklngs, Groce^ r Specials , Here is an Extra Special f=^L= a n^f^Z*^ spooiat $
I MrT urcoin's-pieMVsi'coVK'Bocfi'Mof 9UB0 Kind, 98c. for Monday, for Monday: ' - C °"lt °*l * x *l fc , *?? \
\ J d iy ony f5o t; h li a 'ot of fine waihab'e yoking! and ma- Ffouf Salo $1.00 Fdt Shapes 7S: - Ro led rim, short back WjJ/Z^^^ Fine White WifornU BUnketi-For law
\K . urai, for making who'e W4k 8 They are To-day-Ty <* * fc't, bound with lihbon; style' as in picture; 7"//^^ih^ f • wVlrht fSg^ ' " ' V 5
II* — m Mk m ' made of fin 1 lawn wl h tuck* late ani em- p;num brand, /¦ y\ ... . li 1 u l/y 27 t*s If,' wenjnr, J^^^n^ Jl
IM Yb*1BMB£ §£B§&. llllid "v. Not a piece in the* lot « o-th l« 1 makes the beit of frl/M f»/i/ M ;:\ eclors p:ar, castor, tan, black, navy, brown; //M /) • » «««!- "^^^WWM {|
il V „ • «^CT#^« than fi. S o per yard-»meofhSi.oo»n4 krea I, « thorough- ¦ fpi| 1 and the price IS regular y $1.00} "^^.^ hC // hnt , __^g '^yfMW
|^ ii,", 0 "*, 7 ,'"/ , ,_, .' -1. over— on special .a'e Monday ly'tailsfa c t or y,^ : . |jL^U;^ - ?1 to-morrow on^y. £ %3%M /^H^? Ttui "Wffi A}ff)/lW£lk2 J
ft ei'e'lTwrVrocf j^^^^^^^. on'y, r cr y.rJ ,,,,,, -^ <C^B~~W§§? >"»^ ijSS— ll^H S
; x.ts^^^ PPs^M PiiiiiiiP p^^^SilSlii^ I
• » a lull ccv^ril >'-* 7^ tv'V.V"..'^"!"^"^ in. Monday 3 tlni,...' :, % 4&<$J*0 A ilmp!e mechanical apparatus for cnlarfilng A superb Stock Of the new fill Inehei wlJe, WfU napped, warm and leitlee- ¥
\\ top tray «ith large ap»tme.t for ¦hut , and an Ben-' |.pore f.uce~Th. grnulne, -excellent . . . >-—^., weaves ready for ycur app- oval. Priest- ab!e, h red or bhn botden, 5
i[ &^^s^^ffi't,$ »j^^^i^« i^« S 1^ reBU<a V 5^ -^rdrf^- lcy ' s ;^ ou8 black p> r^ repre - •rtf"s-«v^i^ S: S
K and two all arouni body of trunk : t>x rite* and "L> 1'htn Mmh." Monday wnly, w hctt^. ,,, 2oo r^^.>»3 \ scntei in greater \aeicties than ever. $1*35 Oomfortova 98o — A ;x
K jc^h.Rpibryfrw, M ™i.ij..jtO.3U LtOUOr SBBCfalS WcC'wn'J lm|ltrlll(K««-Clubilir, j«r.. X^^" 1 •^^^maSt, \ 52.1 ch Bl.ci P<bbl« aevlol-AH wool, ,rint«l, . dcf«t which doti not caul. ih< S
I S^SiiifliS IsIk^ ¦ &|fi||iWiS \^z~M^ ssgi^ii^ SfeHMSS J
S liiZu J??,i.l~ 53«S"4S' o . Aiti Cole nyCUret-lU good tabhw'm that V— per yard &M.UU , ml filled with clean white eotton, fl
k j8 Inch, ifjuary; 9.00, Monday...$0,0j| wj a wayi tell at 40c T » gallon, .pcla' <Cfo« «#,¦„„#» C«l rt 46-I1 ch Sitln Kruiulla-Ths leading fa I theipeclal pice Monday only, each 98C '4
V ; Monday at 33 O f «f#WC«ff#,|f >*«** O» picture^ an ammlns md Inilruttlve Imple- weavsfor c'riiiygown', a «yli»h and durab'c ' «
> J\ GOMlCfo GtiVPM m J4 Jtsi Mtor* AA Whlskty— The genuine, A moi' excellent cju» Ity of undr.wd D eoched mert which rrubln ar.y peiion to at once maUrla', per jarJ ......... € *-%r~ ' " C
Ik «#vm«««* vuvc "'° tl at \Ve «H regulnrly 95c a bctt f , jpeclal Shtcllng, 81 Inchtis wide f.»r djub'r b« 1, for >raVe drawlrgi whl.h wou d r quire a 'onj &M»SbO Slrlft PatiOfitS *
!** and PHiOWS. Monday which tho freient mill ctr Ii aoc p;r yar 1 , • lour.e of • !n«ructlon without the \tx\\.' 45>lnch Crepollne- Prlf«!ey'i make, a new wfl*#-« #-<fii«f# iM&a J
i «.* „, . . . . ..„. , Coed Urandy— Fu!l quait, 85c dem'john, on has bsrn ipecfa'ly rrlctd . lor Men- .- __ Rraph.' Oi ip;rf*l tala on ireond and very da'nty w av;, war« — xm —«• A great nlue In twilled Flannehtts Skirt Pat- S
y We h.ve ja« rece.ved so d»iT rent pafcMS In M.ni.y... .62O d.y'url Ing. 17C «*'r, Monday^Wy, e.<ch f0O rantei to w<ar r er j.rd. ... $1.5O l:ern», embroidered bottoms, a Vge ranje of S
K couch covers, Jfravy, n Id O.iemal rflecji, ; Z _J !_ 7> " } ?¦•v^ dainty co'otlngi, worth <oc each, S
I SSSZ^*»^fe*% Speotals W Cannot Duplicate raz&rj& ""'¦'—" 29 ° I
I m ';u"l1'!?:,m,'" m ' w " y ' Mi ¦'' . g^^fe, xs^a^- '¦¦ • r .rfS^f^s^te^ '*JfJ Rubber Goods S
g J'-°g> <*ag. SS.OO, S3 OO CSIIZ 1 I^^ S=S^H^\ 1 !^^^^? r^^S^SS^^! * IJ^^M^n jft: "3\|fe.v|l» B«t gr.dtl « depmracm .»« price J
|: Photographs Sf.OO. V '/ gl il4^^^l'vl fff^^^^^^^*' sWhMw!? Ite 111$ ]| fOmr u?70«. i^'aoS 3
*. • •. T . v *— — . — ¦ "^ u^ - . « '"".y Y?.^.-. ~r i JJr r * I' '¦'" ¦¦¦¦¦¦i.rjtmg ,^r/: ii? >^ ya^ 1 . 1 , m^ij ' I l\\ EneeUlor rounti'.n svrlng«, eotnpitte outrlt, b»»t J*
ft tOMOn OS ThOy , ' •—¦ . » .-^ a/ , ,, )f ,\n ( . ' ' ' ' jg-yJiW omllty, I nt., 6SOS * "I'm 75c 1 nt «*
J Should Bo Tattsn. Lipped . Siuee. K lea B Hers- Sad Iron Stand Windsor Sauce. Two . burner Gas 0 a 1 Toaster- Ova! or Dirlln .(\n\ Chopper- ©fi| lLsw flflo. . '"'' J
K Carte de VI Ite— a Inch 1 onhfaw P' n ~ 3>quart f' I8 J Beit ena railed ard Handle— pan-Den enam- «tov« — Doub'e - ling ' Dread toi.trr for gai shnie 5nuc:pa\— ..R.miy »!*r, hr»t <&y LW^* 4 R,kh<r D.tMn.ot D ul tln«Ci B »«'. r « "5
S beJeleJdw imoana M doien ' Sf oJ b«'«n«m..« j»a«, imWe: boiler Dc quality nick- eei ware, re- fl.nv, .olid eatt rmtal, .tovei, the regu'ar Ho'd. 8 n u»,«» a m»ke; cutiaU kin . V R«bbtr Jthlnf or Du«tag Cap, 0»y....tf5 O g
t" *™T\T Tx ? C' ? > *>". « f 6u'aMy hoMi a qua.ti, reg- el-p'ated Iron, Ml tinned cover, regu'.rly $i.coj , on Wilton toaster*, pyr- ceod, bis rot for gen- of raw or cooked & Rubber O'ovei, b«t ,ua'lty, .U co'en, pair. .. §
ftintcl.0Slls-4«6 inches, on heavy Jfveed* a S c 5 ipecV. Mon- ¦ u'iry 9Sc ( Mon- completejon 3^ - quart 45c i r ecLl atle Monday tmldityle; Intt aJ eralu*, reguarly fooJ, meat or vegetables, regularly i ? OSO 2
S &%5S!^iz&% '•!::¦:::. ; to, *§:: ero Jft* 4Oo 33o ;rr::::: >/.io . i£s^ 2 e» BOo 'd^M $t . 23 A M%W£*$fM?£*& \
THE EMPORIUM.
THE ; EMPORIUM.
THE EMPORIUM.
THE EMPORIUM.
THE EMPORIUM.
THE EMPOBIUM.ONE OF THE CHARMING MEM
BERS OF THE COMPANY THAT
WILL PRESENT "FLORODORA."
NOTED ARTIST WHO HAXDLES
THE 'CELLO BOW IN A MAS
TERLY WAY.
ticular pleasure to me to hear him, as he
was the first wonder-child faf my experi
ence, and I have not heardjhim since. He
was just 10 years old when I heard him
in recital In Manchester— November ,11,
1SS7, to be exact-a slim little fellow irra
sailor suit, rather large-eyed and white
faced, but with a wonderful technique
even then. I well remember his funny
little trot across the platform to the piano
and his unconventional delight In a huge
box of candy that some wise admirer sent
up after one of his numbers; also- the
frown of his black-browed papa as Mas
ter Josef received it! His father taught
him then, I believe, and used to accom
pany him in arrangements for two pianos.
Little Hofmann's programme was a big
affair for a small boy. He played the
Beethoven "Moonlight- Sonata," a Chopin
nocturne, mazurka and valse; the "Weber-
Liszt "Polacca," Chopin-Liszt "Chant
Polonais," a Mozart sonata for two
pianos with Hofmann Sr., and the U3ual
selection from his own compositions. He
also improvised on a theme given by the
audience— it was ."Auld Lang Syne" by
all that's pathetic— and it all seemed to
me then a very wonderful sort of per
formance. K must have been, too, for
the small genius was accorded a splendid
reception by the great audience, 2500 peo
ple at the least, gathered to hear that
tiny, talented mite thundering away on
the big grand piano. But he is one of the
few wonder children that have amply ful
filled their early promise, ranking now
with the foremost pianists of the day,
and It Is good to know that he is on" our
musical menu for the season. . V:^.
Grand opera comes nearer, and the list
of names for the season grows longer
and richer every day. - It includes now
Calve, Emma Eames, Gadski, Sembrich,
Sybil Sanderson, Schuman-
Heink, Suzanne Adams, Louise Homer
and Carrie Bridewell. The list of men is
yet incomplete, but counts so far Marchi,
the new Italian tenor, about whom all
Europe is talking and whom Mr. Grau
picked up at the fag end of the Covent
Garden season, where he had electrified
an audience bored to death by a long
string of more or less tiresome tenors;
the favorite Van Dyck, Edouard de
Reszke. Dlppel, Scotti, Campanari, Jour
net and Blass.
The Royal Italian Band is one of the
nearest musical attractions. It "will be
heard at the Alhambra next month. ,«,It
is now under the • musical direction ¦ of
SIgnor Creatore, whose trombone playing
won him here last year. the title of "Angel
Gabriel," and who has since found much
fame in the East as a conductor of the
band.
• • •
Two recitals of exceptional* Interest will
be given this week at Sherman & Clay
Hall, the first a joint piano and song re
cital by Miss Annette Hullah and Harry
H. Barnhart to be given on Thursday
evening. Miss Hullah is lately from Lon
don and Is a member of the distinguished
musical family of the name. She is a
pupil, of Leschetizky. Mr. Barnhart, who
takes chanre of the vocal end of .the re
cital, is a pupil of the famous Florentine
teacher, Corteszi, and of Randegger of
London. Their unusual programme runs
as follows:
Variations In ,G.. '..Mozart
"Lleder Ohne Worte"... ....Mendelssohn
"Glgue" , ...Bach
Maonietto secondo ....; ..Rossini
"Philemon et Baucis" '...Gounod
Sonata. E. minor Grieg
"O, Ruddier Than the Cherry" Handel
"A Voice by the Cedar Tree". Borton
"A Garden Serenade". '...:.. .'..¦...... Levl
Bong of the Waves Arthur Henton
Humoreske .......; '. . .Leschetlzky
Rondo, Op. 16. .•..Chopin
"Torreador" ,,........, .Utsatl
and humble effort it might be hers in
bu*. a few years that she can now so well
spare — for she numbers only 24 years — I
think Collamarina has the grit and hu
mility to face the situation.
She acts now by grace of the gods with
a tine natural audacity and emotional in
tuition that, with her strong personal
magnetism, not seldom compels belief in
her as an artist. But she is without real
artistry, without subtlety, without finish
or fineness in her work. -She lays on the
reds and yellows of gesture and expres
sion with heavy hand, and with only
the crudest attempts at blending cne
into the other. Carmen, perhaps her
most characteristic performance, ex
hibits her in all her glory and
imperfections. Sometimes, vocally and
histrionically both, for her altogeth
er delectable voice answers to her
every mood, there is a bit of pure per
fection that simply dazzles one into com
plete submission for the moment, leav
ing one later to tear one's hair at the
rough work that follows. It is only rare
ly that her instinct is at fault in the emo
tional coloring at the. role — the part is. of
course, one of the least complex in the
operatic repertoire — but it is as destitute
of shading as the conventional poster.
One moment she is the»angry Carmen,
the next Carmen fascinating, and she is
both with all her body and soul for the
time. But there Is no transition period,
all is sharp-edged, untempered, disjointed.
Then, too, there are amazing gaps in the
conception, when she simply stops acting
altogether — as after the dance When she
sits and mops her brow In the most art
less manner imaginable and is frankly
Collamarini, not at all displeased with
what she has 'done and wholly willing to
let Don Jcse have his whack at the work
while she cools off a lelt.
She is a very good illustration of the
principle that there is no standing still
in the art we rid. It is either retrogade or
advance, and Collamarini is not advanc
ing. Her Carmen of last year was better
than this from every standpoint. She has
lost In looks from putting on flesh, that
further gives an appearance of coarse
ness to the role— in itself a frankly
fleshly concepUon— that it did not have
last year, and her breath control from the
same reason is by no means so good. Her
sins in the use of her voice are more
marked, and altogether this richly gifted
young woman is not taking the place that
is hers by right of natural endowment
She has apparently every qualification for
an opera singer of all but the first rank,
* an adorable voice, temperament, beauty,
personality and rare capacity for hard
work and physical strength, all only need-
Ing training and direction under the stern
hand of a master. Whether or not there
is the intellectual equipment necessary for
the recognition of the fact, Collamarini's
future career will show, and that right
"Carmen" goes again this week at the
Tivoli, and "JCabucco." one of the earliest
Verdi operas, in which Salassa will be ex
cellently placed in the name role. The
overture should by no means be missed.
• • •
Jean Gerardy, now on his way from
Honolulu to San Francisco, will be the
first of the great artists to be heard here
during the present season. It will be the
'cellist's first appearance in San Fran
cisco, and the first appearance also of a
very lovely Stardivarius 'cello that has an
unusually romantic history, even for the
muchly storied instruments of the old
Cremonese. I have never heard Gerardy,
but he Is said to know how to handle the
'cello better than mosY, and he certainly
looks that way. We have not had any of
the great 'cellists here for some time now,
and to hear again the round and golden
tone of this most glorious instrument will
Indeed fill a lone felt want,
Josef Hofmann Is another musical per
sonage on the season's • programme, his
date not yet announced. It will be a par-
FOR the last two weeks we liave '
had the Collamarini "Carmen" at
the Tivoli, alternating with a
"Faust" that has perhaps been
the best thing all round that the
Tivoli has yet done. This week will see
"Carmen" again on the bill. It is perhaps
iate in the day to say things about Col
lamarini in the part, but one feels more
strongly each time she is heard that here
is one of the loveliest voices, the richest
temperaments going to a comparative
waste in her present work. Contrary to
what seems to t>e a general impression,
Collamarini is really a quite modest sort
of person. She by no means assumes
that she "knows it all," . as the genius
of slang has it, and it is right here that
the hope of her situation lies. If she
could but once be persuaded that she has
within her material for a success a thou
sand times more worthy, more enduring
than that she now enjoys, that by hard
With an expert musician to lead the way. in the campaign for the mayoralty the Labor
Union -party . will doubtless be able to toot' its horn with vigor, from now. to election day.
"Go Away Back and Sit Down."
It Is said that certain people cannot sing this
sons, but anybody can go away back East and
sit down in the comfortable trains of the Nickel
Plate Road. These trams carry Nickel Plato
Dining Cars In which are served American Club
Meals at from 35c" to $L0O each. Call or write. 1
for free book sho-wlns views of Buffalo- Paix^
American Exposition. Jay "W". Adams, P. ;c.
P. A., 37 Crocker Bldg., San Francisco C*i.
M. Waldeck-Rousseau Is an expert and
enthusiastic fisherman. His Sunday ex
cursions up the Seine are fraught with
disaster to the important finny denizen*
of that river.
Special information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by tha
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont
gomery street.- Telephone Main 1042. •
Cal. glace fruit 50c per Ib at Townsend'a.*
It is worth noting that notwithstanding the 'popularity of .President Roosevelt, and the
familiarity of the people with his nickname, 1 not a single paper of importance since his accession
to the Presidency has referred to him as "Teddy." *" " V«" iV
If it be true that ; Admiral Ramsay never at any time expressed an opinion on the Sarhp
son Schley : controversy, he must have been very indifferent to the news of the day or else had feel
ings that were too. deep for utterance. : * • ¦•¦.•'¦¦
No othercause-of the fires that destroyed upward of $161,000,000 worth of property in this
country last, year was ;so> frequent as defective flues, and people who are thinking of building
houses; had better make ;a note of it.
Choice candles," Townsend's. Palace Hotel*
"I won't, mamma," dutifully responded
Penelope. Then, sotto voce. "I'll do it on
purpose next time!" — Chicago Tribune.
Could Promise That.— •"¦renelope," said
her mother, "I noticed you allowed young
Hankinson to walk home with you from
church last Sunday morning. Don't let it
happen again."
WHILE the relations between the Governments of Germany, and Russia are apparently
the most cordial and pjeasant, those between the people of the two countries. are by
no means so happy.. The Kaiser and the Czar have none but affectionate and admir
ing words for one another, but the press of Germany, reflecting doubtless .the sen
timents of the industrial and commercial classes, has for Russia no words' much more pleasant than
a mild warning that Germany will not tolerate too much, and the Russian press retaliates in kind.
The contrast between the tone of'the governments and the tone of the press is sometimes"
amusing. The Kaiser recently issued an official manifesto concerning the Czar's visit, in the
'course of which he'said: "We welcome the Czar ; warmly. We owe it to the, mighty ruler who, -
while directing the destinies of many nations, endeavors to be the prince of peace and the pro
tector of humanity. Europe owes to him largely the shaping of the present conditions of the
world's affairs, which permits us to accompany his further trip with the siricerest wishes."
About the time the manifesto was issued and a welcome was being arranged for the
"prince of peace and the protector of humanity" the German papers were discussing Russian tar
iffs, and the Deutsche Tageszeitung -said: ''The Russians must learn that German friendship is as
valuable to Russia as is Russian friendship to Germany. Bismarck's declaration 'we run after no
body'was intended for. Russia also." v..:
, -The. Russians on their part are angry because of the proposed construction, of a German
railway from the Bosphorus to the Gulf of Persia. Referring to the road the Novoye Vremya
says: "There will then.be a new base of operations against Russian troops in Central Asia, be
dsides the capture of markets 'in which the Russians will no longer be able to hold their own." It '
will be seen the war lords are much more friendly in the two countries than the captains of in
dustry. Perhaps after all the Kaiser and' the Czar really maintain their big armies solely to keep
GERMANY AND RUSSIA.
THE Eastern press is at present
busily engaged in cordially con
demning the insulting reception ac
1 corded to William Gillette In his
*¦. recent production of "Sherlock
Holmes" in the English' capital. With
the co-operation of the author. Dr. A.
Conan «Doyle, Mr. Gillette undertook the
production in London of the play ;
written about his melodramatic and
world-famous, hero. Sherlock Holmes,
and those who remember his work in "Se
cret Service" will jiot doubt that as the
cool, keen detective Gillette could not
avoid success. The play, as a play, seems
to have failed, but Gillette, according to
Impartial critics, has done h,is r»art as he
• might have been expected to do it. Not
withstanding this, he was "booed" re
peatedly, and at the curtain call after the
last act could not make himself heard for
fully ten minutes under the storm of ad
verse demonstration that in London takes
the form of "booing." He won out,
though; waited until his courage under
trying circumstances compelled a hearing,
and then told the people a few things
about the whole duty of audiences. It
is largely alleged by the press that the
demonstration is the direct result of in
sular prejudice against the Americanizing
of the British theater, and was indeed an
organized .effort. Some of the best Eng
lish papers express sincere regret for the
occurrence, saying. that it is a matter of
almost national moment. Othors, again,
are inclined to the belief that the demon
stration was a rough but justifiable ex
pression of feeling against this American
invasion. Lyman B. Glover, commenting
upon; this In the Chicago Record-Herald,
says:
"it has been pointed out In these columns
many times that there was no inter.tion on the
part of England to permit a fair reciprocity in
theatrical matters with this country. Forrest,
Booth, Mansfield. Jefferson and other of our
important actors have been made to feel that
they were . not wanted in London, and such
unimportant exceptions as Goodwin, who is
j>n\y tolerated because hre wife Is a beauty,
or of "The Belle of New York." who had
legs to exhibit, do not alter the fact.
- Mr. Irving' Mr. WHIard, Mr. Haru and other
English actors of breadth, who are always
welcome over here, have sincerely attempted
to break down this bigoted unfriendliness to
Amerclan plays and players, but they have
not succeeded. Nor will' any one succeed dur
ing the present generation or until some politi
cal convulsion brings about the education and
enlightenment of the English common people.
It is the public schools that have given breadth
of sentiment to the masses in the United
States, and perhaps It is the compprative lack
of. them that has . made - the English lower
classes so narrow and 111 ,bred.
The popular "Florodora,". damned by
most of the critics and. adored by the
crowd, will follow the funny current fias
co at the Columbia miscalled "A Mod
ern Crusoe." It is a curious result of the
existing - haphazard policy of some thea
ters that their patrons may one week
happen on a piece ' of dellciousness like
"A Royal Family" and the next wander
Innocently into the hopeless mares of "A
Modern Crusoe" at the same theater. And
there Is seemingly no defense. One may
no more sample the play than : one may
try on a toothbrush. You pay your money
and the play Is yours for better or worse—
usually worse. The theater of the tour
ing company is. a dramatic grab-bag, with
more blanks than prizes, and no means of
knowing beforehand whether the goods
are fast color and a yard wide other than
the interested reports of the passionate
press agent. This doubtless makes for a
particular delight when such gems as
"Mrs. Dane's Defence" and "A Royal
Family" dawn upon one's astonished
gaze, but it takes all of these to make up
for such awful blanks as "A Modern Cru
soe." '-. ¦ «.
¦ The prophetic proofreader who read my
criticism on "Crusoe," by the way, was
inspired to substitute "pathos", 1 for "ba-
There is, just the same, a good might
have-been in the play. The plot is inher
ently humorous, but it is worked out in
most extravagantly wrong-headed fash
ion.. A millionaire, accustomed to touch
ing the button for everything on the pro
gramme, is cast with a singular menag
erie of friends upon a desert island. He
has before spur-r-rned with scorn the ad
dresses of the usual poor but honest young
man In love with his niece, for whom the
millionaire intends to buy a prince. But
on the desert island the poor young man
gets in his aeadly work. No one knows
how to do anything with his hand3 but
himself, and science (a professor), wealth
(the millionaire), ran*, (the prince), litera
ture (a journalist!) have all to acknowl
edge their comparative uselessness in tiie
desert environment with the common
sense equipment of the son of toil. Not
a bad plot, but the treatment — well, like
her w-ho is never mentioned, it ia best left
unsald.
I don't know what kind of a "Floro
dora" we are to be favored with, only a
few of the original company— among them
the pretty Miss Dudley of the picture
above — coming here, but I do know the
operetta is very good to whistle, and that
it has vastly pleased the people on the
other side. • ¦.
• • • i
Here is the latest about that Indefatiga
ble little Californian, Alice Nielsen, culled
from the Dramatic Mirror of Septem
ber 14:
Alice Nielsen Is now at Scorra, Italy, pur
suing her studies for the grand opera stage
under the tutelage of Lawrence Russell. In a
letter to a friend of Miss Nielsen's in this
country Mr. Russell states that he consider*
Miss Nielsen one of the best pupils he haa
had and destined to win much success in jfrand
ppera. Miss Nielsen, recently sang before Sig
nor Mancinelli, director of the Maurice Grau
opera productions. He expressed himself as
delighted with her voice and desires that she
take the prima donna role in an opera that
he is now completing. Miss Nielsen is also to
study under Tosti. In recent cabled reports It
was erroneously stated that she was to appear
In grand opera under Mr. Russell's manage
ment, whereas she is to receive vocal instruc
tion from him. .
It is certainly difficult to picture th©
chic and vivacious little comic opera star
ascending into the solemnities of the
grand opera firmament, but one never
knows. Alice has done most of the '
things she set out to do. and ManclnelU
Is credited with knowing j most things
worth while about grand opera. So here's
to you, Alice of California, and may you
twinkle with the best of them!
1 thos"— a "queer mix-up of socialism, sen
tlmentalism and bathos." I had it; but tha
god who guards our etymology spelled
better than he knew — the performance
was pathetic, truly pathetic. A band of
players none too clever trying to make
bricks without straw, to get a laugh out
of the addled nonsense of this alleged
comedy, to lift the dead weight of a colos
sal dullness into some semblance of joy.
to the chilly silence of a vanishing audi
ence.
CARROLL D. WRIGHT, United States Commissioner of Labor, has on exhibition in the
department of labor at the Buffalo Exposition a record of strikes in this country dur
ing the twenty years ending December 31, 1900. The Commissioner is reported to have
stated in a recent comment on the display: "During the period named there were 22,793
strikes] with a wage loss of $257,863,478, a loss through assistance rendered by. labor organizations
of $16,174,793 and a loss to employers of |i22,73*i;'i2i| The lockouts during the same period
numbered 1005, with a wage loss to employes of $48,819,745, a loss through assistance rendered
by labor organizations of $3,451,461, and a loss to employers of $19,927,983. The total losses by
strikes and lockouts reached the vast sum of $468,968,581." :
A great part of that loss was an absolute loss not only to the employers and employes in
volved in the strikes, but to the community as a whole. The days that were wasted in idleness
can never be regained, nor can we in any way win back the profits of what industry might have
produced had they been days of work. The cost of strikes to the community has therefore been
enormous, and the damage is irrecoverable.
Out of the .direct losses there flow indirect losses to an amount which cannot be accu
rately computed, but must be verylarge. Had the sum of $468,000,000 lost .by the strikes during
the twenty years been earned, it would of course have been a stimulus to further enterprises and in
creased industry. jSuch portion of it" as was saved would have added to. the amount of capital
available for the payment of wages and the improvement of the community. . Thus the effects of
the strikes have been about as costly as would have been a great war, or the consequences en
tailed by a widespread famine.
The statistics relate only to the pecuniary damage done by strikes.' It would not be pos
sible to sum up in figures the wrongs done in other ways by the lawless and brutal elements of a
community who take . advantage of strikes to assault peaceable workingmen, and even at times
to commit murder. Nor do they show the extent to which cowardly officials of cities, and fre
quently State officials as wel\ degrade .the/, authority of their offices for the purpose of getting
votes among the lawless. The moral loss/in that way is as serious as the money loss, and there is
no telling how much American communities " have lost in their business \and_ their industries
through the cowardice of "officers intrusted with the duty of enforcing the laws and protecting
/ San Francisco is at present undergoing such a loss day after day. It is a loss inflicted upon
her not by. genuine workingmen who are seeking to better their condition, but by gangs of ruf
fians who will neither work themselves nor permit others to work; and who in their efforts to in
timidate others have committed outrage after outrage; some of their assaults leading even to the
death of their victims., There is ample evidence that many of the strikers would gladly return to
work 'if they were assured of protection. That assurance is denied by, the Mayor. So the whole
community suffers while a cowardly official does politics.
THE COST OF STRIKES;
rTP^ HE need of law. for human .government has existed since the organization of society.
1 ..The law as it is found everywhere is the latest "and best expression of the people who live
I under it. If it be defective, say in Russia, it is the best growth of the genius of ihat
¦¦¦ nation from Rurik to • Nicholas.. If.it broaden and is better in the parliamentary nations
of Southern Europe, it is because the people have chosen to have it so. If in Great Britain it is
administered by a committee of Parliament, called the Ministry, but really chosen by the people,
it is because there Saxon institutions have reached a higher development and the people have
more power. Whether in the. United States or , abroad, law, for the' government of men and
nations, is the expression of popular genius, and between all law there is a kinship.
This sense of kin has been shown by the world's community of lamentation over the assas
sination of tlie President of the United States. The venerable Emperor of Austria added his
presence to the funeral formalities' of the American colony and legation in his capital. Royal and
.republican administrators of government vied with each other in lamenting the* slaughter of the
President as a blow at the common kinship of law.
The American people have received their third lesson in the vanity of that, boast we'liave
felt and used to make, that our institutions w/re proof against such a murder. When Orsini
started the long list of tragedies that blacken history, by throwing bombs at the French Emperor,
we raised our voices in republican pride, declaring immunity from such attempts in this country.
But this is all over now. ; The Czar that freed the serfs and the President that freed the slaves,
both fell under the hand of the assassin. The Prime Minister who destroyed slavery in the Span
ish dominions shared their fate. In each case a benefactor of mankind fell. But there is no dis
crimination. Wherever there' is law, its chief administrator is marked for murder. The murder of
a King is as much a blow at liberty as that of a' republican President, for it is law at which the
assassin aims, and law cannot be so light and so liberal as to avoid his destructive rage. ; ;
Americans can well make common cause with the people, and the governments of all
nations in isolating this pest of anarchy. With 2000 anarchists in Chicago, several hundred in
San Francisco and numbers of them in every city, it is time to be alert-and/banish this pest from our
soil. Nor is it useful to spare those who call themselves philosophical anarchists. Let them go
into isolation along with the /'Propaganda of the Deed"— the murderers who turn the philosophy
of. the school into pistol and poniard. They don't believe in government. Let them be isolated
where there is none. • .'-,.."
THE KINSHIP OF. LAW."
JTPHB SAN FRANCISCO CAjUL^
JOHN D". SPRECKELS, Proprietor. ' "•¦.'* ¦ y " Address .Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager
SUNDAY ... .*-... ........ SEPTEMBER 22. 1901
y " ' ' • ¦ ' ' ¦ ¦• '• - ' — — • • • ¦ ,•¦••¦ _ —
Publication Office • '. . < 5^^^^^^*. • ¦ Market and Third, S. F.
COLLAMARINI LACKS
REAL ARTISTRY
IN HER EXECUTION.
By Blanche F»ai-tlrigtori.
ByGulsard.
PREJUDICE AGAINST
AMERICANIZINC
BRITISH THEATER
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL., SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 22, 1901 .
18FRATERNAL
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 22, 1901.
Every time a man does a charitable act
somo vinegar- visaged misanthrope is
ready to swear he -has an ax to grind.
On the 13th inst. the members of San
Francisco Lodge of the United Moderns
were entertained with a lecture on "Young
America" by Professor Alexander B. Col
fey of the Washington University, an In
teresting review of the rising generation
of this country. This was followed by
selections on the violin by Bernard Wal
ter of the Boston Concert Company The
next lecture will be by Samuel M. Shori
rldge.
United Moderns.
General George G. Meade Corps No. 61,
L. R. C. of the G. A. R., is building up
rapidly under the energetic and popular
president, Mrs. Annie Page. Within a
short time the roll of membership haa
been increased by the addition or seven,
who all promise to be valuable acquisi
tions to the corps. The meetings are be
ing well attended. and v the indications at
this time are that it will not be long be
fore "Little Meade Corps" will be known
as the "banner corps" of San Francisco.
The social functions of this corps are al
ways most attractive.
Meade Relief Corps.
Grand Patron Conant and Past Most
"Worthy Grand Matron Mrs. Partridge left
for the East during the early part of the
week to attend the session of the Gen
eral Grand Chapter of the United States,
which is to meet in Detroit. Mich: At that
session there will be present about ten
members of Oak Leaf Chapter of Oak
land, who are now in 'the East visiting.
A new chapter of the order, to be known
as San Francisco Chapter, was instituted
in Elks' Hall last Monday night by Grand
Patron Conant, assisted by Grand Secre
tary Mrs. K. J. Willats. Grand Chaplain
Mrs. Ada Dalton, Grand Sentinel Mrs.
Lizzie Tonningsen,; Past. Grand Patron G.
L. Darling, Past Grand Matron Mrs. Ella
T. Hall, Past Grand Associate Matron
Mrs. Sarah Cassidy, Past Grand
Treasurer Mrs. I. S. Hubbard and
Past Grand Conductress. Anna John
son. Eleven chapters were repre
sented by the instituting officers.
There were present representatives of
all the local chapters, save King
Solomon, and representatives of chapters
in Aiameda County. The' new \ chapter
starts with eighteen members and makes
the ninth in this city. All but three have
never been members of the order. C. P.
•L. Marals and Mrs. Marais have been
chosen patron and matron of the new
chapter. The meetings will be held on the
ilrst, third and fifth Mondays. It starts
out under favorable auspices and with as
surances received it will become one of
the interesting subordinates of the order.
To-morrow night Beulah Chapter in
South San Francisco will have an un
usually intersting meeting and it is ex
pected that there will be a. large attend
ance. • .
On the night of the 14th inst. Mission
Chapter. of the Eastern Star had an un
usually' interesting meeting, there being
more than two hundred members of the
order present to witness the initiation of
six: strangers into the order's mysteries.
There were present present and past of
ficers of every » chapter tyn the city, who
Were delighted to witness the very satis
factory manner in which the work was
performed by the officers. The music in
cidental to the ceremony was rendered by
Miss Savage, Mrs. Freeman of Willows
and Mr. Menrie. After the ceremonies of
the evening a collation was served. This
chapter is steadily advancing and has at
this time 2S0 members, " with several
strangers yet to bo initiated.
The Eastern Star.
A new court will be instituted at Mar
tinez shortly, such having been organised
by Special Organizer Danlelwiz. .
Tho members of Court Madrone. at Red-
wood City, with the assistance of the ex
ecutive council, dedicated a new hall at
that place last night. There was a large
assemblage ami a pleasant evening was
spent after the ceremony of dedication.
On the night of the 20th Court'Elmhurst
celebrated Its first anniversary. There
was initiatory work by the team of Court
Unity, music by the Hay wards Court
brass band and addresses by members of
the executive committee.
with prospects of renewed action. At
Fresno twenty-one were initiated into the
court, including the entire membership of
tho Raisin City Band, which hereafter will
at meetings furnish music for the court.
At each place the visiting official was re
ceived with great fraternal courtesy, and
was at many places the guest of honor
at banquets.
In the presence of a large number of
persons belonging to the order El Dorado
Circle on. the night of the 12th initiated
one candidate in first class style. Four
applications were received. At the proper
time addresses were. made by J. M. Bow
ers and Mary B. Bowers of; Olympia Cir
cle and P. Barsottlof Golden Gate Grove.
El Dorado in a body . will ¦ visit Oly mpia
Circle on the 30th inst.
TlLe Druidesses.
Organizer S. Daniel wiz on the 7th. inst.
instituted a new court at Modesto with
thirty members. .. , . -.
Grand Senior . Woodward Gabriel will
pay "an official visit on the 19th inst. to
Court Golden Eagle. - ¦".
District Deputy A. Cordelia paid a visit
to Court Stockton last week.- .
Grand Recording Secretary J. E. O'Brien
has returned from a visit to the interior,
during which he called officially upon the
courts located at Sutter Creek, San An
dreas,, Poloma. Selma, Sanger, Hanford,
Visalia.v Porterville and Fresno. \ He re
ports ¦ that with ¦- ¦= one exception all the
courts are active and r working with a will
for, the advancement of the .order. ;;, The
exception had - an attack of : fraternal
drowsiness, but it has been awakened,
Court El Dorado has changed its nights
of meeting | to the second - and fourth
Wednesdays of the month. At the meet
ing last Wednesday the members after
business had an exciting whist party. ;-<
Court Ferndale was instituted at Fern
dale on the 5th inst. by Grand Secretary
Corny,, assisted: by a large delegation from
Eureka, which came on a special traia.
The new court starts with 'forty charter
members. On the 10th- of the month tne
gran-3 secretary paid Court Eureka • an
official visit.' > •„ ,
Court Sutro Heights of the Foresters of
America held its first meeting in its new
quarters in the Pioneer building on last
Wednesday night, and there was present
a large number of tho members. There
was an Informal - house-warming and a
very interesting, and pleasant meeting it
was. The next meeting of the court will
be a summoned one and will take place
on the 23d Inst. ' . .
Foresters of America.
Now that Sherwood Circle has moved
Into the Shiels building It will give a so
cial on the first Saturday of every month
M. Anderson, the pianist of the circle, has
composed and dedicated a two-step to the
circle and called it "The Sherwood." > This
circle Is thriving under the direction of
the popular, chief companion, Mrs. Llllie
Severance.
Ivanhoe Circle is arranging for an en.
tertainment and dance on the 5th of Octo
ber.
' Washington Circle at its last held meet
ing had a number of visitors from Bohe
mian and Bournemouth circles. Washing
ton will have a social on the night of the
29th inst. • . -
Loyal Circle of the Companions of the
Forest will have a dance on the nitrht of
the 27th inst.
High Chief Ranger Boehm of the An
cient Order of Foresters will return to
this city about the 26th inst. after several
weeks' touring in the eastern part of the
jurisdiction.
Court Eureka is preparing for an anni
versary entertainment on the 24th inst.
The Twentieth Century Club will give
its second monthly social on the 28th inst
in the Foresters' building. •
Ancient Order of Foresters.
Mfs. Lizzie C. Whiteside, past president
of Beven Pines Circle, I>adles of the Grand
Army of the Republic, was stricken with
paralysis In Stockton on the 9th Inst and
after three days passed away without
having recovered consciousness. The fu
neral took place from the First Presby
terian Church of that city and the re
mains were laid at rest in the rural cejnc-
Passed Away.
Will be the last days upon which Pan-Ameri
can Excursion tickets to Buffalo will be 6old
JS7 for the round trip. Full particulars at 641
Market et.. office of the Santa. Ke.
October 3rd and 4th
The recent meeting of the lodges of
district No. €7 of the Independent Order
of Odd Fellows, which was presided over
by District Deputy Grand Master XV. E.
DuboiP. was well attended. There was a
good literary programme, and the meet
ing proved not enly ah interesting but a
most instructive one. The lodges of the
district are Farns worth. Unity. Pacific,
Ophir, Alta and Golden West
The open meeting of the lodges of dis
trict No. 55 in the hall of Excelsior Lodge
on last Monday evening was well attend
ed and there were many ladies present.
There were good addresses and an enter
taining programme, which were followed
by dancing.
'Parker Lodge had work in the initiatory
degree at Its last held meeting.
Odd Fellowship.
tery. Her husband, children and grand
children were with her at the time of her
demise. She was the wife of James H.
Whiteside, a well-known printer of this
city, and prominent member of San Fran
cisco Tent of the Knights of the Macca
bees, and the mother of Mrs. George V.
Leroi of Fraternal Hive of the Ladies of
the Maccabees. Mrs. Whiteside was an
energetic a'nd earnest fraternal woman,
being a member of several organizations,
but her most earnest work was as a mem
ber of the. Grand Army Circle. She did
all she could to make comfortable the de
clining days of the old soldiers who served
in the War of the Rebellion.
• Knights of the Maccabees.
At the last held review of San Fran
cisco Tent of the Maccabees a generous
welcome was extended to Sir Knight Theo
Frollch, the record keeper, on his return
from Louisville, Ky., where he attended
the session of the Knights Templar with
Golden Gate Commandery. He gave an
interesting account of his visit and, while
appreciating all the courtesies shown him,
he is of the opinion that there is no place
like San Francisco. This tent has been
doing quite well during the past month,
initiating candidates at each review, all
through the efforts of Sir Knight Green
berg, the special deputy, who has demon
strated that he is a "hustler" as well as a
famous story teller. This tent' has ap
pointed a committee to confer with com
mittees of other tents on a proposition to
have officers exchange places in the rit
ualistic ana degree work. It is believed
that where officers of one tent will do the
work for another tent, both in this city
and in Oakland," a new interest will arouse
In the work of the order. San Francisco's
degree team is improving and the claim
is made for it "that Sir Knight Shaw as
Judas is without a peer; that Sir Knight
Gafney is unusually good as the King;
that Sir Knight Savery is the embodiment
of the historical Eleazar, and that. Sir
Knight Vincillione presents Mattathias
true to life. As to the soldiers, they are
true types of those of ancient times." The
social games of whist of this tent are still
a feature of the evenings after reviews. ,
The Factory Sale of Shoes.
Will sell Tuesday morning- ladies' and
men'3 $3 50 shoes for $1 85 a pair. These
shoes have just arrived and are therefore
the latest styles of vici and king kid and
box and vclour calf, hand sewft. Sold
everywhere for $3 50, yet $1 85 will buy a
pair at the Bee Hive Shoe Company, 717
Market street, near Third. ?
The Bebekahs.
The minstrel show which was to have
been given on the 21st inst. by Templar
Rebekah Lodge in aid of the Orphans'
Home was postponed until the 28th. out
of respect to the memory of the late Pres
ident McKinley.
The entertainment which had been ar-
A new lodge of the order will be insti
tuted at Courtland on the 11th of Octo
ber.
On the 2Sth inet. Suisun Lodge will be
visited by the {rrand chancellor and other
grand officers. On that occasion all the
lodges of the. county will visit Suisun
Lodge. On the 30th there will be a visit
to Avalon Lodge at Santa Cruz, when a
new company of the uniform rank will
he mustered in.
At the next meeting of Unity Lodge the
knight rank in long form will be conferred
by the degree team. This team will on the
~£th of October confer the same degree in
the same form on a class of ten candidates
for Tamalpais Lodge.
.Will J. Beatty of Damon Lodge, also re
corder of Franklin Lodge of the A. O. U.
"W.. has gone into the interior for two
weeks for the benefit cf his health.
Mark Ettling, a member of Damon
Lodge and an old-time volunteer fireman,
recently had to have one of his limbs am
putated, gangrene having declared itself
after the rupture of a vein.
Knights of Pythias.
A committee of all the local lodges of
the Knights of Pythias, consisting of three
from each lodge, has # organized for "the
purpose of entertaining the subordinate
lodges during 1902. Will J. Beatty of
Damon Lodge was elected chairman. A.
Marion! cf Roma, vice president; Franlt
Brooks of California, secretaryt and James
Healing of Eureka, treasurer.
«m h, ow ni f ht LoyaI R ebekah Lodge
Z* % X a " en . tert ainment in its hall in
d i If th n , Or P han8 Home, a feature of
which will be a graphaphone recital
On the 18th inst. District Deputy Presi-
No n \*T r o C « Ur §, uh «t of District
£" °V 5# I - J °- °-" F -' San Francisco, assisted
by her daughters, Mrs. Willard Flemin°
and Agnes Urquhart, entertained her staff
of officers, which is composed of Llllie B.
Holcomb, Helen P. Larimer, Allle Parker,
Li?zie E. Braley, Florence Giovanessi
Marguerite Derby. Minnie Homeyer, Ab
bie Ewing, Emma L. Brauer Sarah C
Crawford Hattie M. Fenn, Alma Isabel
Jensen, Susie A. Pracy and Thirza A
Crossman, at a sumptuous luncheon at
her home. in Sausalito. The seat selected
for each member of the staff was marked
by a handsome souvenir in the shape of
a painting representing her particular
station in the team. After luncheon the
charming hostess took her guests in a
tallyho for a drive to Mill Valley and
other points of interest in Marln County
The affair was a very enjoyable one
The Passion Play as Presented at Ober
ammergau," a lecture by Past Grand G. G.
Burnett, assisted by. his wife, who pre
sented -views of the play and the actors
r»>? v S u a T y i' nde J th e auspices of Oriental
Rebekah Lodge for the benefit of the Or
phans Home, was well attended and
proved a most entertaining event.
Walhalla, which has become one of trio
flourishing Rebekah lodges ofthis ciVyi
m«^ e t« a + n ° th f r Of lts Phasing- entertain
ments to a large number of members and
friends last.nisMt in its hall. The pro
gramme was a musical and literary oiv»
R°,Jiw d^ Miss Apparious, Miss Elsie
Bulwinkle, Miss Alice Perrin, Miss Dora
fvf« *' x^ iss lr S Blanc he and Bcs?ie
C 2 &?' B S SB o Hazel Aubrv . Joseph Allen
and Miss F. Coonan.
ranged by Jubilee Lodge for the 17th inst
was postponed until the 24th inst. on ac
count of the death of the President
Cherokee Rebekah Lodge, in Cherokee
Butte County, with a membership of sev
enty-four, upon learning that a donatfon
was to be made to the Orphans' Home
tL th % annlv ersary of the institution of
th! °i r *f r or f a ?' z ed a sewing circle among
the ladies of the lodge, and last week it
announced through Maggie Herbert the
secretary, that it had collected J40 f or thi
home and had made twenty-five gar
ments upon measure for the little ones.
i mo , nej i,r and garments have been re
ceived by Mrs. Donoho, the secretary of
the assembly, and an Inspection of the
garments shows that each article has
been made with as much care and with as
hSrt£,? I in h t£ s \ f Jt^ ha^ been made for the
highest in the land. If every lodge will
do as well as Cherokee, In far off BuUe
has^done the home will be greatly bene-
Pride of the Forest Circle at its last
held meeting had a very enthusiastic ses
sion, and during the evening the applica
tions of four strangers to become mem
bers .were read. . . .
San Francisco Circle celebrated its sixth
anniversary last week in a very pleasant
manner after the business of the evening
and the initiation of four candidates.
Mary Erett, chief companion of Inter
Nos Circle, having resigned her position,
the circle at its meeting on the i7th inst.
accepted the same and elected Patrick
Henry Coyle to fill' the vacancy. The
meeting that night, in honor of the first
official visit of the grand chief companion,
was one of the most pleasant that has
ever been held in this city.
On the 12th inst. there was a large
number of people at the social given in
the Alcazar by Lorely Circle. The fea
ture was a basket auction, Henry R.'
Oeverndiek being the auctioneer. Each
purchaser secured a basket of lunch, and
he then had to find a lady partner to help
him eat it. There was a good programme
of dancing and a great deal of enjoy
ment. The committee lhat'had charge of
this function was Miss Martha Pape, Mrs.
F. Kohler, Mrs. M. Pape, Mrs. J. Yung
claus and Mrs. S. Brooks.
Grand Chief Companion Miss Alice
Ticoulet announces the following official
visitations during the current and next
month: September 24 to.Mizpah Circle,
October 1 to Golden Gate Circle, 7th to
Rose Circle at Santa Rosa. 9th to Rich
mond Circle, 16th to Live Oak Circle, 23d
to Elmhurst Circle, 28th to Santa Lucia
Circle, Watsonville. and 29th to Pajaro
Valley Rose Circle, "Watsonville.
Bay City Circle held its first meeting in
its new quarters on the 16th inst., initiated
two candidates and received three appli
cations. (.
The first official visit of the present
grand chief companion. Miss Alice Ticou
let. will be to Inter Nos Circle on the
18th inst. The official visit which had been
set for the 26th inst. to Martha Washing
ton Circle has been postponed until the
12th of December. * .
Live Oak Circle will have a social func
tion on the 7th of November.
Mrs. L. Atwood,. P. G. C. C M who went
to Niagara Fails to attend the session of
the Supreme Circle as representative from
California, the first to go to that body in
many years, returned September 15 with
supreme honors, having been elected by
acclamation to the second highest position
in the order, that of supreme sub-chief
companion. Mrs. Atwood is one of the
most conscientious workers for the order,
has filled every office in a subordinate cir
cle and many in the grand circle, is at
present treasurer of Robin 'Hood Circle
and grand recording' secretary, and being
one who makes friends at. sight all the cir
cles will gladly extend their congratula
tions on her return., She gained supreme
honors and she deserved them.
Furrucio Circle has arranged for a so
cial in Washington Square Hall on the 3d
of November.
On the night of the last day of August
Richmond Circle of the Companions of
America had a most successful party in
its hall in Franklin Hall. The affair was
under the control of the following com
mittee: Mesdames E. Gregory. E. Brown,
P. Gallagher, R. Gregory. Ella Wehe; D.
Decker, S. Dieckbrown, A. Wehc and R.
McBurney. ' .
American Companions.
On the 16lh Jnst. Mrs. L. Atwood, grand
recording secretary of the Companions of
the Forest of America, who the day be
fore returned from Niagara Falls, where
she was elected by acclamation the grand
sub-chief companion of the order, was
tendered a reception and welcome home
by Miss Alice Ticoulet, grand chief com
panion, at her home on Howard street,
near Fifteenth.- There were present about
twenty members of the order, who greet
ed the supreme official and congratulated
her. Then followed an evening of music,
song and story-telling, after which all
partook of an excellent collation provided
by the hostess. In the dining room, which
was profusely provided with flowers, ever
greens and flags, the special guest of the
evening was welcomed by A. Levy of
Martha Washington Circle on behalf of
the hostess, and after the walnuts and
fruit there were addresses appropriate to
the occasion by the guest of honor, the
grand chief companion. Past Grand Chiel
Companion Mrs. Harrington, Miss Rap
pin, grand trustee; Companion Mr. Enkel
of Inter Nos, and several others, includ
ing "the modest member of Inter Nos."
The affair was a pretty compliment to a
very deserving officer.
The Atwood Reception.
y n. N the night of the 17th Inst.
y^rrN?\ trie hall of Inter Nos Circle,
A \\ \] Companions of the Forest of
IV Ax V America, in Alcazar building,
V^Ai/ was decorated . with green
•/^— iS boughs and white roses, flags
, and Japanese lanterns and
umbrellas, giving it a gala appearance
that it never had before. Not; only were
the walls and ceilings decorated, but the
several . stations were covered with flow
ers, and the altar was covered with the
American flag draped with crape, out ot
respect to the memory of the late Presi
dent. The hall was decorated in the
manner described in honor of the first
official visit of Grand Chief Companion
Miss Alice Ticoulet, who was accompanied
by Supreme Sub-chief Companion Mrs. At
wood, Grand Sub-chief Companion Mrs. H.
.Worms, Grand Financial Secretary Miss
Bremer, Grand Treasurer Mrs. Kemp Van
ISe, Grand outside Guard Mrs. J->. O'Cal
laghan and Grand Trustees Mrs. N. K.
Smith and Miss E. Kappin. There were
as visitors Robin Hood. Bay City and
lx>rely circles in a body, members ot
Martha Washington Circle, San Francisco
Circle and representatives of nearly every
circle in the city. The grand officers were
welcomed, and for the purpose of show
ing how well the officers were up in the
initiatory work four strangers were re
ceived into the order, the work being al
most free from fault. Under new Dusl
ness the grand chief introduced an inno
vation in official visits. She called up
each officer of the circle in turn and ques
tioned each to satisfy herself that they
thoroughly understand the duties of their
respective stations and carry them out
in the spirit and letter of the law. It was
a novel idea in this order and was favor
ably commented on. Under good of • the
order she gave the circle some good ad
vice and called special attention to the
necessity of preventing suspensions in the
various circles. Addresses were made by
the grand officers named, except the
grand financial secretary and the grand
treasurer, who were forced to retire be
fore good of the order was reached; also
by Mrs. Wlshman, D. D. G. C. C. Tributes
of fraternal love in the form of bunches
of delicate flowers were presented to Mrs.
Atwood, S. S. C. C., and Mrs. Worms, G.
S. C. C, after which the circle, desiring
to show its appreciation of the good work
that Miss Ticoulet, the youngest member
who has ever held the office of grand
chief, is doing for the order and her en
deavor to place it on a high fraternal
plane, presented her a fine willow rock
ing chair. The next visit of the grand
chief companion will be to Miz:-aSi Circle
on the 24th inst.
19
We Furnish Your Home Completely.
25,000 Yards Fine Carpets.
It isn't often that a chance to save comes to you, an opportunity for such
large economy in Carpets as we offer this week. It's only another example o?
the keen way we look out for the interests of our customers, for the Carpets
on sale are all new in design, choice in pattern and cannot, be duplicated at
this present time at wholesale for the prices we quote you by the yard.
Bigelow and Lowell Axminsters. Bigelow Lowell Body Brussels.
Absolutely the best high pile carpet made; the In an endless variety of patterns, v for hall, . parlor.
latest fall patterns and colorings; regular |' ok library; bedroom; the regular downtown price for the
price $1.75; this week, sewed and laid. ...... * -JO carpet is $1.50; this week, sewed and laid 1 >y r y 1
Roxbury & Stinson Tapestries. SmithV and Sanfnrd's Rest Velvets
In dainty n e » patterns, txact copies of fine Axmin- 5ffl »n S SaUIO™ S iKSt Y elVeti- :
sters and Body Brussels; regular downtown aa Exquisite new designs and colorings, suitable for
price $1.00. This week, sewed and laid... .... " "UC parlor, hall, dining-rooms; borders to match; 1 aa
•j«) j r» p ' * ' regular $1.25; this week, sewed and laid. .... ¦•vfv
bmith s and Sanford s Tapestries. E xtra Snper Ingrains. *
mftS- h Sut n r m °/ "'aY-U b ° rd " tO 75r 3« Ache's Wide; warranted' all wool and ab- 7n _
match, regular 90c; sewed and !a.d ./OC sofutely best quality; regular 90c; this week.. 70C
Inlaid Tile Linoleum. American Cork Linoleum.
English and American tile. linoleum, indestructible; Made 12 feet wide and of extra heavy quality; new
25 diifercnt designs; some stores ask as high 1 qa designs of imitation hardwood floors; also a ftE~
as $1.75 Jor no better goods '••JU few floral patterns; regular 80c; square yard. . OJL
FURNITURE BARCAINS THIS WEEK.
SEPTEMBER SALE,
szz^lSks^ DRESSERS AND CHIFFONIERS. PARLOR. FURNITURE ITEMS,
C fp5 Solid Mahogany Colonial Dresser, $S5 Old Colonial Sofa, In solid mahogany,
\ X%^%- g * a T&&&&3}) /3 glass knots, special: <fij.ei hand-carved, upholstered In silk <z;d.Q
J >*'. it^ Prtce CD'+D velours, sale price 3>*friJ
j j j^JzJlFfi ' J110 Mahogany Chiffonier, swell CTK H2.50 Parlor Platform Rocker, upholstered
II //¦ PjSy\ front, hand carved «|J J and^ bac k y;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;; $7.50
J)i A /¦/ \ ft 1111118 $60 * so Parlor Chair," "hand-carved CIS
*yAlL . .^> /L .ft \\ front . swe11 ends . claw f eet *pw and polIshed sal ' e prlce q>li3
inr J^r \V\ $45 Mahogany Dresser, swell front, 30x36 $18 Parlor Divan, full carved back, up-
l\vMrZ>^<_->^^ ! x_^J*-«^evJy)I ¦ French plate mirror, claw «'3'> et(\ holstered seat. Sale price CIQ 7«
/y , -^ Jll — »—^S^^f *i= c nlM o, inrtpP a nTCA j r,. w r^ff nn \ a r. 4 Parlor SuI .t. hand-rubbed and polished,
V ~^^^ j£s^«- *^$mS8 P U K! s^ d .^ ts :. s . a ! e ::::::::.$(8.75
mSSMSSm il^^^Sili S45 p^^pSii^
I ' C sam°e nIer tO match -" $50 W Davenwrt, In rich golden oak or genu- .
* ine mahogany veneer, upholstered In
* t -^•'^r* ~" Curl y Birch Chiffonier. Bwell front, 6 large 5,^ h a^ p , es f ry or im P°rted cor- ««
K — "¦«,. Z5--G&&* drawers, cast brass handles; regular price duroy and velours, special price....^J
KSSSB: BEDDING DEPARTMENT.
\ — ,---¦¦* — ' \ swell front, large French plate mirror, hand SPRINGS
V -- - polished: regular price ?35 00. COO Kfl vjriviiivj^.
V» SaIe Price tp^^.UU The Imperial Spiral Spring is highly tem-
<\A ii ¦ ' pered — is clean, comfortable G? st *y ez
w Birdscye Maple ChifConier, swell front, 6 draw- and durable tJ>T-« C O
ers and cabinet French plate mirror; regular Our SDecial Box Srjrlnfc In mndo at «,,^ «..,«
in rftDresser. Made of selected '?H?.™*.™ prlce $24.50 e gR
lU|0U^d C \iSl?To1f S hed niSl t^ A handsome solid quarter-sawed Oa k Dresser. MATTRESSES. ! '
¦ W I ** V ana mgnij po iSiied, the swell front, top drawees. French plate mirror. O ur Elastic Felt Mattress is th* h* t A « A
grain Of the wood being clearly pre- cast : bra« 'handles; .regular price §O| on fhrmarLfand^sens for- ! • $10
served. The fancy shaped French rnir- *" 8 °°- Sale price..,.....,,... t^^l special Hair Mattre». k ibs.' m' the S«o
ror is 24x30 inches. It will harmonize Birdseye Maple presser. -double swell' front, beBt ticking, for tp •
with a brass, iron or WOCgi bedstead. l ° p dra . wer !;» 0 /^* 1 ~ Frencl1 plate mlrror -" re e- V/e make at our factory every mattress we
Sells regularly for $22.00. U . l P . n . C l.l. S . a . e .. P . 1^.? $29.50 SlaS!* guarantee P erf «tlon in the different
mSm. You 8ave Money" at Pattosi^^KaT
MISCELLANEOUS.
Purely vegetable, mild and reliable. Causes
perfect digestion, '. complete !" absorption and
healthful regularity.'. M,
For the cure of all disorders of the Stomach,
Liver. .Bowels. -\ Kidneys. Bladder, Female Ir-
regularities, Sich Headache,- Biliousness. Con-
frtlpa'lon,'- Pil'W and all derangements v of the
Internal Visceral 25e a' box. "At Druggists. . or
by mail. ; . KADWAY & CO., New York.
Ki XS9 vvtiM ffV rffB &»* iSs» x*sy «
— -OF THE^ —
CONDITION |ND AFFAIRS
—OF THE
FIRE INSURANCE COMPANY
OP PHILADELPHIA. IN THE STATE OF 1
Pennsylvania, on the Slst day of Decem-
ber, A. D. 1900, and for the year e&dlne on
that day, as made to the Insurance Commis-
sioner of the State of California, pursuant to
the provisions ' of sections 610 and 611 of thu
Political Code, condensed as per blank fur-
nished by the Commissioner.
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock. Daid up
in Cash M0O.OC«_O>
ASSETS. V
Real Estate owned by. Company...'.. $229, 66« 67
I/3ans on Bonds and Mortgages 735,100 00
Cash Market Value of all Stocks .
and Bonds owned by Company 3.6S0.075 00
Amount of Loans secured by pledge
of Bonds. Stocks, and other mar-
ketable securities as collateral 243,200 CO
Cash In Company's Office..... 1.632 91
Cas* in Banks, l«.0ol 61
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loins 1,664 a3
Interest due and accrued on Bonds
and Mortgages ." r... 12,344 40
Premiums In due Course of Collec-
tion ...: - 289 -^'!
Rents due and accrued - 333 it
Total Assets $5,337,222 43
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid..... $56,509 M
Losses in process of Adjustment or - ',„
in Suspense -- 13 ?-f09 82.
Losses resisted, including expenses.. 8.60O 00
Grors premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning one year or less. $1,678,113 42;
reinsurance JO per cent S33.056 Tl
Gross oremiums on Fire Risks run-
ning more than one year, $1,635.- ......
57122; reinsurance pro rata 879,944:58
Amount reciaimable by the insured
,on perpetual Fire Insurance poll- .
¦ cie-5 ........•...•¦...••.¦.-. 851.117 'Jo
All other liabilities ." 4.000 W
Total Liabilities ,. $2,775.038 58
INCOME. .'
Net cash actually received for Fire
premiums .-..$1,915.994 54
Received for interest on Bonds and .
Mortgages "••••••¦"¦ ¦ 29,204 62
Received for interest and dividends
on Bonds, Stocks. Loans, and from
all otfcer sources 174.357 23
Received for Rents 9.66S 43
Received for Transfer Fees, etc.... 1,06128
Total Income $2,135,288 09
EXPENDITURES. ~~
Net amount paid for Fire Losses
(includinff-S losses of pre-
vious years) - $1,2.>1,O1O 16
Dividends to Stockholders 100.000 00
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage' '•"••- 445,125 67
Paid for Salaries, Fees, and other
charges for 'officers, clerks, etc.... 93,538 00
Paid for State. National, and Local
taxes 61.910 35
All other payments and expendi-
tures 101.844 94
, . Total Expenditures ....'.......$2,053.483 12
* • . ' Fire. '
Losses incurred during the year. $1.258.714 30
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net- amount of Risks • '. . *
- written during the
year $232,423,355 $2,531.808 12
Net amount of Risks .
expired durin? the
year 1 213.370.054 2.127.854 S3
Net amount in force
-December 31. 1300 . 343.292,886 3.313.684 64
¦¦.-•¦ R. DAT.E BENSON. Prest. i '
v W. GARDNER CROWELL. Secy. .
Subscribed and sworn to before m». this :.'2d
day of January. 1901. THOS. ! J. HUNT.
.; Commissioner for California In Phiia.
pacific coasTdepartment:
v^ !P T- EDWARD POPF, Manager.
R. VV. 0SB03N, Jssti Mgr.
503-5(0 CALIFORNIA STREET. $.
Free trial packages of a most remark-
able remedy are being maileO to all who
will write tho State Medical Institute^
They cured so many men who had bat-
tled for years against .the mentar and
physical suffering of lost ; manhood that
the Institute has decided to distribute free
trial packages to all who write. It is a
home treatment, and all men who suffer
from any form of sexual weakness result-
ing from youthful folly, premature loss of
strength and memory, weak back, varico-
cele or emaciation of parts can now cure
themselves at home.
The . remedy has a peculiarly grateful
effect of warmth ana seems to act direct
to the desired location, giving strength
and development just where. it is needed
It cures all the ills and troubles that come
from years of misuseof the natural func-,
tions and has been an absolute success In
all cases. A request to the State Medi-
cal Institute, 328 Elektron building. Fort
Wayne. Ind., stating that you desire one
! of their free trial packages, will be com-
I plied with promptly. The Institute is de-
sirous of reaching that great class of men
who are unable to leave home to be treat-
ed, and the free samples will enable them
to see how easy it is to be cured of sex-
ual weakness when the proper remedies
are employed. The Institute makes no
restrictions. Any man who writes will be
sent a free sample, carefully sealed In a
plain package, so that its recipient need
have no fear of embarrassment or pub-
licity. Readers : are requested to write
delay.
to All Who Write.
A Free Trial Paekasre Sent by Mail
SENT FREE TO MEN !
A Most Remarkable Remedy That
Quickly Restores Lost Vigor
to Men.
STATEMENT
OP THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE—
UNION
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF PHILADELPHIA, IN THE STATE OF
Pennsylvania, on the 31st day of Decem-
ber, A. D. WOO. and for the year ending on
tbat day, as made to the Insurance Commis-
sioners cf the State of California, pursuant to
the provisions of sections 810 and 611 ot th«
Political Code, condensed as per blank fur-
nished by the Commissioner.
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock paid up in
Cash $200,COO CO
ASSETS.
Real Estate o-wned by Company J160.C00 eo
Loans on Bonds arid Mortgages 9,S0O 03 '.
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company 273.1S7 73
Amount of 1-onns secured by pledge
of Bonds. Stocks and other market-
able securities as collateral 4.400 0*)
Cash in Company's Office 1.197 3»
Cash In Banks 2o,i)8S 25
Interest due and accrued on Bonds
and Mortgages tso oft
Premiums In due Course of Collection 56.107 1^
Bill Receivable, not Matured, taken
for Fire ami Marine Risks 1,120 S2
Due from Perpetual Insurance on
building 742 50
Cash In hands of Manager at San
Francisco 6,925 37
Total Assets $545,uiT7i
LIABILITIES.
Losses Adjusted and Unpaid $12,376 TS
Losses in process of Adjustment or in
Suspense 17,53s 27
Losses Resisted, including expenses... 4,000 CO
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning one year or less, $205,401 S5;
reinsurance 50 per cent 102 700 32
Cross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning more than one year, |2O2,1S2 63;
reinsurance pro rata 103,335 27
Amount reciaimable by the Insured on
perpetual Fire Insurance policies 33.833 I*
-All other liabilities l^ 734 is
Total Liabilities J2S3.5S3 SI
INCOME. •
Net cash actually received for Fire
premiums -. $278,601 St
Received for Interest on Bonds and
Mortgages 43500
Received for Interest and dividends on
Bonds. Stocks, Loans and front all
other sources J« »«5 £(>
Received for rents 2 72191
Profit and loss ;,.
Total Income '. $23S.3SJ €5
EXPENDITURES. .
Net amount paid for Fire Losses
(including I33.7SS 34, losses of pre-
vious years) • Jt5fl,«s -n
Dividends to Stockholders 12,000 CO
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage S6.2S1 38
Paid for Salaries, Fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc 43.332 42
Paid for State, National and Local
taxes : J.067 C!J
All other payments and expenditures.. Zi.lii t>
Total Expenditures 1344,123 (<l
'&£ ¦:':- * : • "ilre!
Losses incurred during the year .$lSn.317 .3
Risks and Premiums. Fire' Risks. Premium*.'
Net amount of Risks
¦ written during the
year $33,574,655 $354.!»5 90
' Net amount of Risks
1 • expired ' during the
year..... : 31,368,531 331,193 80
Net amount In force
December 31, 1900... 39.714.874 407.B81 48
"~~ C. S. HOLLINSHEAD. Prcst-
. E. R. DAN'NELS. , Secy.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this id
day of March. 1901. J. BURN'S ALI.EN,
; Notary l*ublic
pacific coasTdepartment:
T. EDWARD POPE, Manager.
R. W. OSBORN, AsstJ Mgr.
508-510 CALIFORNIA STREET.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
HEADQUARTERS FOR HEATING
APPARATUS OF ALL KINDS...
WARM AIR.
STEAM.
HOT WATER.
O 9 © \/ M. H V 4^3^ U. \J T S y^ » » U
BLUE FLAME.
WITH OR WITHOUT WICKS.
NO ODOR.
S§ ImSkI; . 309 to 317 Market Street,
/ San Francisco.
BBBEBBEBBBBBBBBBHBBBBBHBBBHBBBBBBBBBBBBaHHBB
1 VIM VFfiOR VITALITY i
1 ....FOR MEN.... I
I " 1 MORMON BISHOP'S PILLS HAVE BEEN IN ! ¦
S use o\'er fifty years by the leaders of the Mormon Church B
H i3J??SrfJ^f\ a "d their followers. Positively cure the worst cases in 01
3 P&&tz$t!& °'d and young arising from effects of self-abuse, dissipa- H
tS f*''Vf>iyi tion, excesses or cigarette-smoking, Cure Lost Man- jj£
hood, Impolency, Lost Power, Night Losses, Insomnia, ££
M ?/^f Fains in Back, Evil Desires, Lame Back, Nervous Debil- q
P ity, Headache, Unfitness to Marry, Loss of Semen, Vari- q
m J cocele or Constipalion, Stop Nervous Twitching of Eye- H
¦ " lids, Effects are immediate, Im m^- , , parts vigor and potency to B
B every function. Don't get de C^flE spondent: a cure is' at hand. ||
E Restore small, undeveloped or Agtt S ans - Stimulate the brain and H
\ i nerve centers; 50c a box; 6 for XLr V $2.50 by mail. A written guar- g
r2 antee to cure or money refund ,«» ed with 6 boxes. Circulars free.- m
M Address BISHOP REMEDY CENTS. CQ 40 Ellis St.. San Fran- p
H Cisco, Cal. GRANT DRUG CO., .38 and 40 Third st.- m
BEBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBEBBBBBBBBBBBBflBBBBSSBRB
I Robert Wallace!
p 219 Grant flvcnuc ||
m Busioess Bringers II
|j§ Arc what v/c publish. No room for any others. (\ wealth of • l«
jBJ . bargains all over the new store. If njoney ever talked It Is 3g
g here, Vociferous. If njoney" ever accomplished It Is here, *£j
m] Phenomenal. IK
r| FIRST FALL FfSH«ON* ' l«
I Fur DepartmeQt j0)jJ0 1
1 (Third Floor.) . ®«|i 'SSSfeS P
3 Fl//?S--fln opportunity suchasv/as never )S?" -!\ 4Z2&C *ii\ 3?1
3 / slven to the purchasing public of San fan- v^-^S llj
ra flstrochan Capes, beautifully roade, hand. >^5?S^ 7»^ZyW N EJ?
glj some y lined with brocaded satin; length 16 Vl'i/AvA !{A
tcJ £4 Inche-r; your ctjolce, regular SI6 50. «*S«ii^ • V. ; /H-j fl \i\A Ifl
ffl Alorree Astrachan Capes, llrjed with flnefi^^^^)^iHjJl;A v A\ E*
M quality of : atin. edged Wltb real SealsKln:^^%>^^^1| 4&2if.>\ S3
M '8 to 30 inches !ong; re 3 ular, $10,00; spsclal t"%A\ X II
ffil BlacK Marten Collarette, tab effect, seven t *^&^33ff$ 'uXilvk II
ffl tails; bsautlfulqualityof brov/n satin Inlng; S . «'C^33fSl S?l
gj» all the rage at the presen: time; worn by I fl^ySwKrV^ff' 18»
m every one over their tallor-roade gowns; reg- J r-RA)WflL r**' \H
Hi ulor $20 00: special $12.50- - -jP'Wl^' 1^
A Deep Drop in Selling Figures. "* " . ' !¦ ¦ '¦ j \ 5
M Prices liKc tJ}ese Will create a veritable 1
S ' > sensation. 1
Wl '&$&W&%£Z1 .A very floe as- Or^irtS A/^\ \
1 t^&sgM' W O aKa en i5at 0 ,! First F«oor. Mfi) I
«^Bfe.^S?S»K?i regulari $230. Mercerized Sateen G— -4T v i>S^_ *
PJ $3.00. $3.50: Petticoats. w I t h J&JS W&% I
KH IS[ w ¦ Jftg special $2.00. Spanish flounce. <S&>.\ 4^^ 3
$1 \T Jt' Ao elegant corded, edged with %2^3sj£dr S
jm X . line of Trlnjmed oarrow. ruffle: as- . 1?
raj hats, regularly sorted shades: regu- "- <C2i->f55y^ ¦ j
a JS, i7, ti, spe- lorly $1.50: special 7b^ S
i| - We also carry a full Une of Alpaca, jpf
*S Another Una of beautiful goods; u ar#en anc t sillr swirt* nt r»am.*r*- )n
m everyone possessing tbe'styfe and mor een ana su< SKlrts at reason- m
l M erfe:t of the higher priced hats: . ablc P^ces. , «B
| regulcrly$l2. $14. $15: speclol $10. | j pianoel Waists, tucked yoke ef- m
i Absurd Prices on Pretty Goods: , f ? ct \ ba .?^ ?" d w fron^ "TBular shirt jd
wL n , a n i ¦ /» 'sleeve, lined throughout; regularly £4
y Plums for Early .Comers. $2.60, special $1 SO. ES
m Daring Drives that rnal^e regular. filso a fine Francb F'aocel, SI
M prices seem exorbitant. Why pav corded, lined throughout; bishop 13
23 regular rates, anyway, whjen such sleeves: regularly $2.75; special 2
£\ stirring specials exist ? ¦ $2 10 B
B Fop the Past.. Eight Years at 115 Kearny St. ,i
RUPTURE CURE.
The benefit of our large ex- jSS©^. '
pcrience in fitting, and curing "f^^|Sw|i^
Ruptures by the Fidelity Method |L A^ara
is secured in this office. We fPjwpWfi
only charge for ex-£SS\ eSSk^^PSJ %
TRUSSES FReS|SB|l
We can cure reducible &&nmxr sS
rupture3 in 60 days by our sS^-wai »«
method without pain or loss K"x*^S^M /^T
of time. Over 20,000 cures Mffljaralfj^
in 10 years. The fee may 8teW^®L.
be deposited in a bank, pay- BgHHaHJM^^P- '.
able to your own order, to be flfjfjisifl
handed us when cured; NOT' mOJ Ham *
BEFORE. Successful on WM lt|[
men, women and children. {«% ]^S
Branch offices in all large fcSS| feg|
cities. • Consultation free. H» \M
Fidelity Rupture Cure. -Jt; %
RGomsi, 5 & 6, No. 26 }4 Kearny St., &F.Organizer K. F. Wells of the W. O. W.
organized a new camp at Corte Madera
last week with twenty-two charter mem
bers.
California Camp at its last held meeting:
had work in the initiatory degree, but out
of respect to the memory of the deceased
President the side degree was not given.
The camp was visited by the degree team
of Mission Camp, and these officers con
ferred the degree.
Last week Tamalpals Camp of the
"Woodmen of the "World, together with
Its famous band of twenty-flve pieces,
paid a fraternal visit to Athens Camp in
Oakland. After the business of the even
ing in Woodman's Hall the host camp, the
visiting camp and members from other
camps went to the banquet hall, where all
enjoyed a sumptuous banquet. There
were speeches galore and music by the
band, also piano and vocal selections and
recitations. When the time came to catch
the last boat a procession was formed for
the depot and the band played en.
The Choppers' Friendship Club on the
13th inst. added , several to the roll of
membership by initiation.
"Woodcraft.
IONE, Sept. 21.— A. D. Dennis, aged 69,
a harmless. imbecile, went to a ca.bin near
Mount Echo when its owner waa absent;
took down a shotgun and committed sui
cide. He was a pioneer In this section.
Imbecile Ends His I/if*.
erelgn Grand Lodge, I. O. O. F., to-day
decided that where a saloon is run in con
nection-with a hotel, the proprietor of tho
hotel shall be regarded as a saloon
keeper, and not eligible to membership in
the order. The Grand Lodge holds its last
session to-day.
New. Rule by Odd . Fellows.
INDIANAPOLIS, Sept. 21.— The Sov-
' The : management ¦ , of tho Boston . Shoe
Company has ' transferred ' their | entire
stock : of shoes from 773 Market ¦ street, to
1506 Market street, formerly the I Califor
nia Shoe Company, in future to be known
as the Boston" Shoe Company," with fac
tories at Lynn, Mass., and Santa Rosa,
Cal. Toe sale of shoes will begin' Wednes
day. • • .. • ;
A. Large Shoe Deal.
NEBRASKA CITY, Neb., Sept. 21.— Hall
Frampton, a negro, ; who murdered his
step-daughter' February 17; was to-day ar
raigned,- indicted, : tried and sentenced . to
life imprisonment In the State I Prison .In
less - ; than thirty ; minutes. Frampton,
after ; an : altercation ' with his, step
daughter, unloaded the contents of a shot
gun into her body -and f then '-beat sher
brains out with the butt of the euro. . .
Murderer Quickly Sentenced.
CHEYENNE, Wyo..'- Sept. 21.— It is re-;
ported here on goofl authority that 'the
Burlington is getting ready to build' Into
Salt -Lake by the extending of the. Alli
ance-Guernsey line across Wyoming.. The
company has secured title to the right of
way for the entire distance, it is said, and
the route has been accepted by the direc
tors. ' „ ." • /-"¦-; .:':. V '¦-*.:¦:- ¦ ¦ ¦ : y : \
Burlington Road to Salt Lake.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Sept. 21.—
J. • B. . Llllard. Stanford '98, has been ap
pointed assistant in the physiology depart
ment, Mr. Lillard has been teaching phy
siology in preparatory ; schools - since
graduation. ; ¦
Becomes Assistant Instructor.
COLUMBUS. O., Sept. 21.— A special to
the Dispatch from ;'; Wheeling-, W. Va.,
says: The "American Sheet Steel Company
was, bluffing when it the largest
department of the s Aetna Standard Plate
at Bridgeport removed to .Vandergrif t. Pa.
The plant is' now ".being- returned and
orders have been given for the duplica
tion of It at once, in ' addition to other
increases of the facilities which are to be
made. . . " / - , . ,
Says Corporation Was "Bluffing."
In the semi-finals with the champion
ship cup as the trophy R.Gilman Brown
defeated J. J. Crooks with •. a score of 2
up over eighteen holes. C. • P. Pomeroy
won from R. J. Davis by a score of 1 up.
The final play for the cup will be between
Brown -and Pomeroy and will- take place
next Saturday. -• .:- . ¦ -
SAN RAFAEL, Sept. 21.— A new ama
teur golf record was made to-day by J. J.
Crooks on ' the links of the : San Rafael
Golf Club. Crooks finished the round in 42,
being one stroke short of the professional
record of 41. . His play by individual holes
was 5, 4, 5. 4, 5, 6, 4, 4, 5.
New Record on San Rafael Links.
SANTA CRUZ, Sept. 21.— The body of
Amos LuTit, the i former executioner ; at
San ' Quentin ' Prison, who died in - Napa
Insane Asylum yesterday, arrived here to
day for interment. Lunt was formerly
Chief of Police of this city. He was a
member of the local lodge of the Ancient
Order of United Workmen.
Lunt's Body Taken Home.
SACRAMENTO, Sept. 21.— Cora Elma
Evans, a native of Canada,: was to-day
admitted to citizenship by Judge Hughes
on the testimony of two citizens of Sac
ramento. This is the first time a woman
has been naturalized in this county,- so
far as any of the officials can remember.
The reason why Miss Evans desired to
become a citizen was that she might ex
ercise a power of - attorney over certain
property. Miss Evans is a handsomo
young woman of 23 years and answered
the Judge's questions with great intelli
gence. She came to this State from Cen
tralla, Canada, in 1888. '
Woman Admitted to Citizenship.
The members of Court -Washington No.
37, Foresters of America, have passed res
olutions of sympathy for Jhe widow of
the late President, which were ordered
spread on the minutes. ' > -= ¦ ' *
At a meeting of U. S. Grant Council of
the, Junior Order American Mechanics
resolutions condemning anarchy were
adopted and spread on the minutes.
Court Apollo No. 7S02, Ancient Order of
Foresters, at a recent meeting adjourned
out of respect to the memory, of the late
President. - * "
Resolutions of Sympathy.
A wire rope ferry of 4000 feet, the long
est-of its kind in the world. Is to be built
across the , river at Dawson. . • .
Edwin Daniels, accountant for Charles
Bartsch & Co., commission and meat deal
ers in Dawson, is said by, a Dawson tele
gram of the 17th to have left that city
for downriver points hurriedly with about
$40,000 belonging to the firm. Daniels was
practically manager of the concern under
James Cameron for a long time and was
•never- suspected of dishonesty. ; He Is
supposed to have taken ' a large part of
the money with, him." A telegram was
sent to Eagle City, and the American au
thorities there took him in charge. It., is
likely that he will be returned to, Dawson
at once. . ,
¦Since the passengers left Dawson the
remains of a supposed victim of murderer
O'Brien, who was recently hanged, were
unearthed by the mounted police. - A skel
eton was j found just above Dawson, not
more than a dozen miles from where
O'Brien was seen in company with a man
named Graves, who j afterward ' disap
peared. There was a bullet hole in one
of the bones and there were other Indi
cations that the man was murdered.
Graves was the companion of O'Brien In
some of the earlier escapades of the lat
ter, and the supposition is that he was
murdered to prevent his giving evidence
regarding their crimes. * .
The body of P. Burkholder, one of the
victims of the Islander wreck, 'which had
just been found, was brought down by the
steamer.
VANCOUVER, B..C, Sept 21.-With a
full passenger list and the passengers rich
to the extent of an ' aggregate of about
$450,000 in gold dust and deposited drafts
on board, the steamship Hating arrived
this afternoon from Skaguay. She made
a record run down the coast and did the
round trip from Vancouver in' a jj little
more than six days. ' - :
Special Dispatch to The Call.
The .men gave fictitious names. The
counterfeits were perfect and could easily
have been passed. ¦
PUEBLO, Colo., S'-pt. 2L— By' obtaining
a lucky pointer the local officers to-day
captured three men who were about to
work a clever scheme by which to get
possession of a considerable share of the
$196,000 of to-day's payroll of the steel
v/orks company. % . /
.•:• They had printed and prepared counter
feits of the pay checks to the amount of
several thousand dollars and had arrange
ments made to pass $3000 worth when de
tected and arrested.
Lucky Discovery Made
by Officials in
Colorado. '
Dawson /Police Charge
Another Crime to
O'Brien.
PARIS, Sept. 21.— One of the most famous
physicians in Paris, whose name I am not
authorized to give, says that McKinley,
having escaped three dangers in the stom
ach wounds— sudden death from shock,
which is rare; hemorrhage, which is fre
quent, and blood poisoning or primary
perltonltls^ — his physicians were justified
In issuing favorable bulletins. This phy
sician does not believe in the theory of
poisoned bullets, but attributes the gan
grene to the tearing of the wound, owing
to the small velocity of the missile. If
food could. have been given, nature might
have overcome the gangrene,; but as it
was, the case was beyond medical science.
Comment on Late President's
Wounds.
Famous Medical Man in Paris Makes
SAYS THAT THE CASE
WAS BEYOND SCIENCE
Jamestown Welcomes Nevills.
JAMESTOWN, Sept. 21.— It became
" aown at noon to-day that the Rawhide
nines had passed again under the control
¦:i W. A. Nevills and that the captain
xculd arrive on the evening train from
3an Francisco. Several hundred persons
gathered at the railway station and greet
ed the captain enthusiastically as he
stepped from the cars. As the train ap
prcached town salutes were fired by min
ers in the adjacent hills, several boxes of
giant powder being exploded in a. brief
neriod. • r-
COUNTERFEITERS
ARE CAPTURED
"We have got to protect ourselves
against the introduction into this country
of undesirable immigrants," said Edward
F. McSweeney, Assistant Commissioner of
Immigration, to-night, "and the only way
to do that is to enforce the immigration
laws. This will be done from now on with
the utmost stringency. -Some persons may
be inconvenienced at first, but an Ameri
can should have no difficulty In convinc
ing the authorities of his nativity, and
when the matter is properly understood
I thlnk'our people. will approve the plan.
If Americans want to travel they must
carry their, passports with them, for in
future nobody, can land here unless he Is
able to establish his identity and right ofi
entrance into the United States."
by the boarding officers, and several na
tive. Americans, being without passports,
had difficulty in establishing their iden
tity.
NEW YORK,- S;pt. 21.— The follow
ing letter has been received by
the New York Herald:
"Office of Robert B. Pearcy,
Municipal Judge, Princeton City
Court, Princeton, Ky., Sept. 14, 1931— To
the' Editor of the Herald: On receiving
the sad news of the death of our beloved
President McKinley I wish to say that
there should be no delay whatever in get
ting rid of the brutal murderer of our
honored and beloved President, and it is
unnecessary to waste any time on him at
all. ¦*""
"After discussing the modes of punish
ment that should be inflicted upon the as
sassin. Leon Czolgosz. the first should be
to make a box just the length and width
of the assassin and make it out of three-
Inch' well-seasoned oak lumber, put to
gether -with 40d nails, and then saw the
box in two with a redhot crosscut saw,
running at the rate of one stroke per min
ute. By'the time the box is in two pieces,
if Czolgosz does not think that hell has
FIND MURDERED
MAN'S SKELETON
Citizens of the United States who carae
home to-day in the steerage of the Amer
ican. liner St. Louis from Southampton,
were the first co experience the rigors of
this new rule. Many questions were asked
As a result of a discovery before the as
sassination of President McKinley that
anarchists and other undesirable persons
had been permitted to enter the United
Stats3 on the presentation of fraudulent
passports, the laws relating to immigra
tion will be more rigidly enforced here
after than ever before. Americans re
turning from abroad must be prepared on
landing to establish their identity, while
in the case of steerage passengers failure
to produce a passport, or citizenship pa
pers will be considered sufficient ground
for deportation. . . ,
broke loose in old Georgia, I will set up
the cider and ginger cakes.
"ROBERT B. PEARCY."
Hon. "William McKinley, President, "Wash
ington", D. C— The citizens of Sltka are greatly
grieved and shocked to hear of attempted as
sassination and through . special meeting of
the Chamber of Commerce send 'heartfelt and
'deepest sympathy and , hopes for your speedy
recovery.
SITKA CHAMBER OF COMMERCE.
The news ot the shooting was received
in Sitka the. day the President died.
SITKA, Alaska, Sept. 15 (via Seattle,
Septi 20.)— The first news of the attempt
on the life of President McKinley reached
here to-day on the Al-Ki. It was brought
by Postal Clerk Andrews, who had a copy
of a Seattle paper of the 7th Inst. The
news created great excitement and indig
nation. A meeting of the Chamber of
Commerce was called to take cognizance
and to send a message of sympathy . As
a result of the meeting the following tele
gram was addressed to the President: . J
Chamber of Commerce Hastens to
Express Sympathy With.
, Wounded President.
STTKA'S FIRST UKWS
OF BUFFALO TRAGEDY
THE WORLD TO UNCLE SAH: "Come on, Uncle ; I'll Help You
Wipe Out the Anarchistic Pest and Its Yellow Ally."
Accident. »
SUISUN. Sept. 2L— Otto Hansen was
-net by his hunting dog this morning
'vhile rowing on the preserves of the
Cordelia Gun Club. Hansen was standing
i few feet from his boat when his dog
getting out of the boat, struck the ham
istr of a shotgun, discharging the load
nto Hansen's left arm. Amputation was
:-ec<";ssary. Hansen is keeper of the srun
.-¦Sub and is 35 years old. He may not sur
vive the operation.
the Victim, of a Peculiar
TT.-;epcr of the Cordelia Club Preserves
LOG DISCHARGES GITN
AXTD "WOUNDS HASTEB
SAN DIEGO PHYSICIAN
HAS NEW SNAKE STOBY
Four Hours After It Is
Bemoved." ,
SAN DIEGO. Sept. 21.— Dr. B. F. Mertz
mann of this city has come to the front
with the latest snake story. The doctor
is home from a mbnth'r hunting trip in the
Smith Mountains and gives the following
account of his experience with a big rat
tler:
"I had shot a dove and the bird fell close
by a bowlder. On going to pick it up I
discovered an immense rattlesnake under
the bowlder and shot it. It was three feet
four inches long, with eleven rattles. The
customary button was missing.
'"1 took the snake to camp, it wrig
gling and squirming the entire time, even
while it was being skinned and cut into
mince-meat on the chopping block. The
hearts of warm-blooded animals cease to
beat almost immediately after removal
from the body. With cold-blooded animals
5t is different. The hearts of these ani
mals will continue to beat under favor
able conditions for many hours afterward.
I removed the heart of the dead rattler
with its envelope — the pericardium — and
about two inches of the aorta (main blood
vessel) and the same length of pneumo
gastric and sympathetic nerves at 3:30
p. m. and placed them In a clear bottle.
The heart kept on beating with rythmical
regularity with its empty chambers, as
though it were still within the body of
the snake and pumping blood for dearlife.
The next day. twenty-four hours later, it
was still beating, but the pulsations were
becoming perceptibly weaker and more In
frequent.
"The thing seemed to reproach me for
having slain the snake, and I determined
to get it out of my sight. As I consigned
the rattler's heart to its last resting place
urder an oa.k tree it was still palpitat
ing v.ih grewsome regularity."
Heart of a Battler Beats Twenty-
FRESNO, Sept. 21.— A mass meeting of
the Raisin Growers' Association was held
here to-day, M. Theodore Kearney pre
siding. The proceedings were markedly
free from the personalities which have
characterized raisin meetings on previous
occasions, and harmony was the prevail
ing feature. The meeting approved a
motion to allow the directors another
week . in which to obtain signatures of
growers to the new contracts. The most
important announcement made was 1 that
the directors had consulted leading pack
ers In San Francisco: on the previous day
and had approved proposals from certain
named I packers to pack ¦ the . association's
raisins under the new contracts. This may
lead to keen and disastrous competition
with outside packers.
Signatures to the New
Contracts.
Further .Time in Which to Obtain
RAISIN-GROWERS GIVE
DIBECTOBS ANOTHER WEEK
SAN JOSE, Sept. 2L— The move made
by a number of prune growers to bring
about the dissolution of the California
Cured Fruit Association is being freely
discussed by the orchardists and the out
come of the attempt to obtain the support
of two-thirds of the members is anxiously
watched by the officials of the associa
tion. "While the plan will receive consid
erable support in this valley, many be
lieve that other parts of the State will
hesitate about "taking action.
The committee appointed at the meeting
several days ago has formulated the peti
tion and submitted it to the directors of
the association. After requesting that
the affairs of the association be wound
up, it seta forth that under the- present
management of the association " and its
contract with the- Packers'- Company the
cost of marketing the fruit products has
been "vastly Increased' and made extraor
dinarily burdensome to every, fruit grow
er, and. that the association lias been un
able to maintain stability of prices or to
increase the prices of ; fruit in proportion
to the increased cost of marketing. It
is declared the past year's experience has
demonstrated to the growers that they
have been unable to obtain advances, on
their fruit after it is delivered to the
association, as heretofore, and that the
disastrous results attending the efforts
of the association -during the past year
have caused widespread distrust of the
efficiency of the plan of co-operation.
In their judgment further co-operation
under the present plan is futile and hope
less. Owing to this disaffection but a
small amount of the present year's crop
will be delivered to the association, and
the association will be unable to market,
maintain stability of prices or carry out
the purposes for which it was formed.
In requesting the dissolution ot the as
sociation, Philo Hersey and A. K. Whit
ton of this city and B. F. Walton of
Yiiba City are named as receivers in the
liquidation and six months from the 1st
of next November is the time fixed for
closing its affairs.
President Woods of the association de
clares the commercial packers are behind
the move and that. in bringing about the
association's dissolution they hope to ob
tain control of the prunes now In the
association's hands. The board of direc
tors will consider the problem at a meet
ing to be held on Monday afternoon and
define Its position. .
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Kalliday has been for several years ju
nior partner of the building firm of Pea
cock & Hailiday, with offices at 318 Bush
street. His habits were such as to win
the confidence of a largre circle of friends.
He is unmarried and has two sisters and
a brother. On receipt of the news of the
tragedy yesterday Mr. Peacock and Miss
Margaret Halliday, a sister of the victim,
left for Oreer<->n.
David Halliday, who was shot by Frank
McCar.n in Grants Pass, lived with his
brother and sister at 1110^4 HydA. street.
He left this city on September»3 on a
business trip to Oregon and expected to
return next week.. He was born In Nova
Scctia thirty yeare ago and came to' San
Francisco eleven years ago.
GRANTS PASS. Or., Sept. 21.— A shoot
ing affray occurred last night in the lobby
of the Layton Hotel in this city. David
Halliday of San Francisco was shot
through the head by Frank McCann, pro
prietor. The wounded man will die.
Halliday is a member of the firm of
Peacock & Halliday, contractors and
builders, of San Francisco. He arrived
ir. this city a. few days ago to look up
mining interests In which he and Mc-
Cann were concerned. They had had
trouble previously. The quarrel last night
ended in McCann drawing his revolver
and firing, the bullet entering over the
left eye and passing out over the left ear.
The immediate cause of last night's quar
rel is not known. McCann is in jail.
David Halliday Victim of an
Affray in a Grants Pass
President "Woods Says Com
mercial Men Are Behind
the .Move.
Robert, Pearcy of Princeton Gity, Horrified at Contempla
tion 'of the Abominable Grime at Buffalo, Makers a
Grewsome Suggestion as to Best Mode pf' Punishment
San Franciscan Fatally
Wounded by Mining
Partner.
Differing Opinions as to
Dissolving the As
sociation.
GHOOTING ENDS
THEIR QUARREL
PRUNE GROWERS
IN A QUANDARY
JUDGE IN KENTUCKY WOULD CLEAVE
ASSASSIN'S BODY WITH RED-HOT SAW
THE SAN FRA1S CISCO CALL, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 22, 1901.
20
ADVERTISEMENTS.
DIRECTORY
on Application.
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogues and Prica Lists Mailed
DR. BALL'S REINYIGORATORWgWJ
Five hundred reward for any akis^KSa'
case -we cannot cure. This secret {jiHn "**M
remedy stops losses In 24 hours. " N 3 9
cures Emissions. Impotency. Varl- ff33 P-ltfl
cocete. Strictures, Gleet. Drains, nffl Pmt
Lost Manhood and al! other wa3t- UIaJ sHM
ing eflects of self-abuse or excess- EKsHfiSSa
es. Sent sealed. $2 bottle: 3 bottles. £5£2se*O*I
$5; guaranteed to cure any case. Addreaa
HALL'S MEDICAL INSTITUTE. 855 Broad-
way. Oakland. Cal. Also for sale at 1073ft
Market St.. S. F. All private diseases quickly
cured. Send for fre« book.
H. R. BRADFORD, General Manager,
7 North Market St.. San Jose.
Prospectus and exhibits at branch office. US
Kearny st.. San Francisco.
•I\ DK FREITAS. Agent.
"We are developing more ore every day and
will build a large furnace as soon as possible.
A limited amount of treasury stock Is off'rreA
at EOc per share for this purpose. At the Silver
Creek Quicksilver Mine the furnace la running:
and producing Quicksilver and large bodies of
rich ore are being uncovered. Quicksilver for
sale In - lots to suit.
Investigate this offer.
SAN BEMTO CO.
BRADFORD
QUICKSILVER MINE
By a slight painless operation our surgeon
corrects ill-sbawed noees. double chin, saggy-
cheeks, drooping mouth, puffy, taggy lids, and
removes freckles, scars, hair, moles, warts,
eruptions, red veins, red nose and all marka
and blemishes.
Call or address New York Institute of Der-
matology. Columbian bldg.. 918 Market st..
San Francisco (opposite Emporium). Take el*.
vator to fifth floor.
Of this city and State have had their wrinkle*
removed at the N. T. Institute since its locattoa
In San Francisco five months ago. To shotr
Just what the treatment will do, one side of a
badly wrinkled woman's face has been treated
— that side showing the smoothness of youth,
while the other side shows the ravages of
time. Call and see her — seeing I3 bellevlns—
the difference in the two sides Is almost beyond
belief.' astonishing: the crowds of ladies who
call dally to see her. The wrinkles guaranteed
not to return, no matter how deep or how old
the case. Consultation fre«. Strictest confi-
dence observed— positively no names men-
tioned. Lady In reception at parlors to show
demonstration.
Ut 357 LADIES
St. Germain Billiard Co.. late Jacob Strahl*
& Co. (est'd. 1852). 409 Market St.: uoon In-
stallment or rented: also beer apparatus.
BILLIARDS, POOL AND BAR FIXTURES.
COAL. COX I; ANJ PIT 1RO*.
jcwasoN&co., &gszn£&.
FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
I AC EflVEC ,¥• C\\ Shipping Butchers. 104
JA>- BUIE5 O. til- clay: Tel. Main 1234.
Specialists
I \ lor .
STRICTLY RELIABLE.
Dr. Talcott & Co.
BY FAR THE MOST FREQUENT CAUSK
of nervous disorders of the male Is " \
A Damaged Prostate Gland
The Prostate Gland (so-called neck of blad-
der) is a structure very rich in nerviis. When
the terminations of these nerves are kept in a
constant state of excitement -by chronic in-
flammatory processes it- appears very clear
that by transmission of this irritation, to other
nerves the patient may be subject to nervous
phenomena of the most varied character. ; Pr^-
m&tureness. .Loss of Vitality, .' etc., " are not
weaknesses, but j symptoms of this Inflamma-
tion. ""We have prepared a colored chart, which
we will send free on application, by which any
one Interested can readily understand why, if
he has been treated for a weakness, he has not
been cured. "We particularly, solicit this class
of cases, and can promise a speedy cure
997 Market St., Cor. Sixth.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
OILS.
LUBRICATING OILS. LEONARD & ELLIS.
418 Front «t.. S. F. Phone Main 1719.
PAINTERS AND DECOR ATOS.
I C DnUUWE «*> GOLDEX GATE AVE.
J. 1/ HUillAlWC. Telephone Howard 1313.
LUBRICATING OILS. ENSIGN A McGUF-
FICK. 23 Spear St.. S. F. TeL Main 5320.
Pioneer Dry Goods Store.
Sells Ladies' and Children's Hose 5c a pair;
Ladies* Linen Skirts, 23c: ilen'a Fine Dress
Shirts, worth $1. for 40c. at 105 Fltth street.
FMINT1NO.
E C- fiUfiWBS. 5U Sansome st.. S. P.
PRINTERS. BOOKBINDHR3.
THF HICKS-JUDD CO..
23 First street. San Franclsc*.
Weekly Call,$1.00 per Year
HUSEUM OF AHATOIiY
Ca .1051KA8ZET5T.let.6±47fl,S.r.teL
'. W - The Largest Anatomical Museum in the
OTi<i - Weaknesses or any contracted
fl^^A DR. JORDAN-DISEASES 0? MEN
# w5i'5)3 Consultation free and strictly private.
B 'ISMS? H Treatment personally or by letter. A
¦ ff VI H AWm Curt in every case unde r talc en. .
T I 11 W w ''tefor Book. FOILOSUI'nVor
I II BIARHIACE. ; MAILED FKBE. - f A
' t» "ir Mluable book for mrn) .
DB. JORDAN A CO.'. 1031 Market Bt-.S. F.
visit DR. JORDAN'S great
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Sterling furniture is inade to satisfy and make the cus
tomer our 'staunch friend.'.
i— • :7 TTy~'rp : ' : "^^Oy^^ Golden |
"p^^^j^^^'^^ Extension
SilBS.lfJ Bo' Table i \
'ill -W _V \\ W' As good as you'd j
y -^ Jffl "~T \J iffl' 'espect to get for a
||.\ - . &y •• - • ¦ j&- -third more money,
j'; i^—Sj'. ' - - »* Extends 10 six feet.
Four inoh fluted legs and In every respect exactly as represented
in this picture.
Just as temping bargains in higher grade tables, too, but fine
tables look no better in newspaper pictures than cheaper ones. You
hare to SEE THEM.
Table for Sick Folks Jg^g^?^
The foot goes trader; iShe top over the
bed. The top can be raised or lowered or .
White enamel iron base, polished oak top |
$3.00 buys one at the "C *
§\t\ 00 bn y s a sood Oak Side JcS^^-
vPlU.VU Board a beveled &^^ ====: =^^i \
French Plate mirror. ,j ft ,. nf \\> ' \
Prices go up by easy steps (four bit3 and — 9. |
a dollar a step) into the hundreds. "We're showing 155* sample side-
boards, actual count.
CII is the sterling price for the prettiest little Quarter
vjJH.t/V Sawed Osik Buff eft in San Francisco. French
legs, and the front curves outward in three graceful sweeps. \Polished
of course. *
I M / n J r js^_JlK^f\\ Dnr\nrTnh\(>
-I —^a^^w^SS^^^. \i H i {•• r UrlUI I ULMv/
L.y'^V -^T'^^^g^^^S^^^U ,1 (It's almost a library
¦^cJJ^-^i^^^^^^^^^^ j table, top is so large.)
7/\ Ari '^ Cit.* m - f i\^»i^ i^^ ( I Q polished oak or ma-
\'l ff ~TJ r* ' '" lTvi\ toganized *yc<&- (might
) ff JJ \ 'T^i M ' M we^ ca^ * 6 mahogany
"^Tj ~\) \ ~~~~ 4f— -=•¦" % V\ rV^V/ some dealers do.)
\t A ft ~ 5 " = ' Vl % boxed. Picture is exact
JL v ' 'in*.- ff mi *^'- in every detail.
We've a new line of carpet— I M PERI A L» VELVET-We sell
it for j£l.I2>£ a yard, laid on your floor, We will guarantee it
indefinitely (almost forever) for wear. "We. think you'll agree with us
that the patterns and colors are the richest in town.,
. . • " •
; ' opposite McAllisters k • * *'
I -M \ porcT!iroat|
%M]i Band Lung
T r o u b 1 e JJ
Tzir nunr i nniu i nnviTi 18 Don't you take any chances KK
THE TiVQLi PRIM i DONNA bl wlth a sore throat-it is too wg »a
IUL *»» Vm IIUIUA IMJiWA. Bg a risk> A lot of Amenta come il
|| under the head of "sore throat." Hfl
A Sore Throat Nearly Prevented Si E or ! nsta " c . e - tonsilitis. bronchi- Hg
n^ , n e ~"^zX HS tis ' trachitls— all of them sore BH
a POpuiar Performance. BS throat in a different form but Bg
The present popular opera season at || remedy? 6 Halpruner's Pa!n SJ Re- il
the Tivoli Opera-house brings to mind 11 mover -will cure a sore throat tjfi
/*,--¦• ~ r , , BS in less time than any other BH
a story ot some ten years ago, when |fl known remedy. In fact, It is ga
Signorina Ida Valerga was prima donna Ha l !} e fcest JP eaiclne made for sore H|g
. ,.• _. , Eg throat. First, "rub the throat HH
at this playhouse. BH thoroughly with the Pain Re- gjl
The opera "Theodora" was on at the gff mover and saturate a piece of Sa
time and vras thetalk of the city, and the IS flanne i with it and bind it BM
theater was crowded nightly. Signorina 11 K^ L£?i "«n C * Pi'n'i^Pil 6 . II
ValTsa had a severe attack of snro 11 bIes POoniul in a wine glass of IB
throlr In facf. it wls^o severe it seemed Eg TL^L *$L*?£ y <? T ,' f* rBl f* *}* II
almost impossible for her to go on with 18 ~ a lf°A^ "AlfS™ 7£ \ S 11
fo/hYrTto get b anTone to^ke&pSce 6 11 SfSlS^SS 16^^!^ 00 ? 6 18
Signorina Valerca was Induced to try IB ™«Jl ll hl»S? \Ja ?^l |L£ e «, Very II
Halpruner's Wonderful medicine. • which iff m JiotiJ?«- t5iii o^,, ? , P " ; ID
pave her immediate relief. The following |E Plications . will cure you perma- il
letter from the Signorina explains how in n;' 5 .; , oMh .,„„.„...,,,„ Bl
Ehe used the medicine: 1H ,VJ et druggist talk you B|
fiAX kraxcisco. Oct. l. 1S93. |i out o£ the genuine. II
To the Public: I Buffered with a severe sore KM B/ B V HS
throat four days after the opera of "Theodora" Su. JV*1fF\ aVTW^t B1T1£?T*^ 68
fit the Tirol: Opera-house. I used Dr. Hal- Bl «• IVi 1 tkj I Vll 1^1-^7 IB
pruncr's Pain Remover as a gargle and to §58 ¦ , \ SS
bathe my neck, and found Instant relief; la MH ir vniir rfT-uix<H K + >,,„.» _.„«. i f IB
fact. I wa. almost Immediately cured and was KM *h l£wt Jif u fj, *"„' ¦ S ?i,i t fl
able to continue with my role In the opera. I| *ftL W -° t " \& e l 0 * > 0U< teI f,', 11
SIGNORINA IDA VALERGA. fffl 5 n ,° ne to Bush 4S3 - and we will Ml
Prima Donna Tivoli Opera-house, fig deliver you a bottle. Halpruner Bfl
Dr. Halpruner's Pain Remover, is. for BH d T ca I '^W'U™f«" rl t n|r -» C % m ~ 11
sale by. all drug & ists-50c and $1.00 a bot- - iB ft 1 " 15 ', 25 California ; street, San H
tie. If your druggist hasn't It telephone H0 * rancI sco, Cal. ,• ¦ \^ Bif
to Halpruner Medical Manufacturing: Co., BE Bfl
28 ' California St.. Bush 4C3, and a bottle N^t^-^^ujiJBiiM^J^JH^ji^a^,!! _ vMfju^fff
will be ut?«i vcrcd at once -' ae ' "^ rJ *H ; flfth hj j jj BgBMni-BmnnMrf^SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 22.
/Diplomacy never kicks at the cur that
barks at its heels.-
The Santa Fe will sell tickets to Buffalo and
return October 3 and 4 for $S7. Free reclining:
chair cars, j Pullman's latest vestlbuled palace
and tourist sleeping cars. Full particular at
641 Market street.
Excursion to Buffalo.
Cornelius Manning, who after three
trials was convicted by. a jury in Judge
Lawlor's court of the charge of man
slaughter for causing the death of Mrs.
Mary F. Kennedy by throwing a lighted
lamp at her in his mother's ' house, -2141
Jones street, on the. night of July 4, i899,
appeared for sentence yesterday. Hewaj
sentenced to ten years in San Queniin,
which is the limit.
Manning Given Ten- Year Sentence!
NOTE— In tha above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time; the
fourth time column gives the last tide of the
day, except when there are but three tides, as
sometimes occurs. The heights given are in
addition to the soundings on the United States
Coast Survey charts, except when a minus (— )
slrn precedes the heigrht, and then the number
.given is subtracted from the depth given by
the charts. The plane of reference is the mean
of the lower low waters.-
Judge de Haven yesterday handed down
a decision in the . .matter of the . several
libel suits against .the¦British-shipVMel
anope He found that the surplus aris
ing from the sale of the ship, etc., was
$27,466 91, and -that two-thirds should be
distributed .to the estate of Klma Mabel
Taylor, deceased, and one-third to the es
tate of John R. Craigen;. deceased, after
deducting from both awards ;the costs of
the clerk and the Court Commissioner.
Melanope Surplus Distributed,
Southern Pacific sells round 'trip tickets
October 3 and 4, $87. Shortest route, least
time en route, best mountain scenery,
road of famous "Overland Limited." Per
sonally conducted excursions via Cincin
nati and via Chicago. 613 Market street. .
"Last Excursion to Buffalo.
NOTE — The . high and low waters occur at
the city ."front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five . minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of. tide is the same at both places.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
United States Coast ! and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights o£ High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the- Superintendent.
The management of the Emporium and
Golden Rule Bazaar has Invited its em
ployes to be its guests at a theater party
to be held at the Columbia Theater on
Tuesday evening next. Every employe In
the big/',- institution will on that evening
enjoy the hospitality of the management.
More" than 1300 people employed in the
Emporium will be present. This is an
annual \ event and is looked forward to
with pleasure by the employes.
, Each year the management brings its
employes into closer relationship by hold
ing ari\ affair^ of- sdme : kind. Balls and
parties have been. given with great suc
cess. . Theater .parties have been also
given and* have been so greatly enjoyed
'that "-"the management decided to hold
another one this season. Every seat in
the Columbia will be occupied by em
ployes. Outsiders will not be admitted
unless possessed of an invitation. "A
Modern Crusoe" will be presented by
Thomas Q. Seabrooke and company.
the Columbia Theater for an
Evening.
Management of Institution Leases
BIG THEAjTEB PARTY FOB
EMPLOYES OF EMPOEITOI
Instrumental music; "The Origin of the
Species," by Dr. C. A. Crockett; recitation;
instrumental music; debate on '.'Resolved that
the Corona Club should have a permanent
home." Mrs. Mary G. Foster and Miss F. V.
Meeker will speak on the affirmative and Mrs.
H. N. Stevens and Mrs, R. L. Yulltle on the
negative. The meeting:' will close with the
singing of "Auld Lang Syne."
The club has a limit to. Its membership
of 200, and there are now twenty-seven
applicants who : will, have to wait until
there are vacancies in the membership
roll before their applications can be acted
upon.
At the next meeting to be held on the
26th inst_, at half, past 2 o'clock, the fol
lowing programme will be rendered: ¦ i ,-- ;
Following .the. election there was an
open meeting in Mission Masonic Hall, at
which there were many invited guests
who enjoyed a delightful" programme of
high class numbers,' which included a
piano solo by Mrs. E. P.; Peltret, readings
by Mrs. L. R. Tuttle, vocal selections by
Miss Vivian. Bailey and Mrs. Taafe and
an exhibition of Indian curios and an ex
planatory address of a most" interesting
nature by Mrs. N. C. Mitchell. In this
she told much that was new in relation
to the mythology* and the customs. of : the
various tribes from which' the, curios were
obtained.
Mrs. Annie * Little Barry, president; "^Mrs..
John Wajtner and Mrs. -J. K. C. Hobbs. vice
presidents; Mrs. Mary Garton Foster, record
ing: secretary; Mrs. Elizabeth Peltret, corre
sponding secretary: Mrs. \V. C. Doane.v treas
urer; Mrs. Frank Dalton, Miss F. V. Meeker,
Dr. Louise B. Deal,' Mrs. Robert McLellan and
Mrs. Clare O. Southard,'* directors; Jennie Part
ridge, historian. - ¦ ¦ '¦. ¦ : .-;
¦The following committees were ap
polnted: : ; . . ..
Literature— Mrs. George T. Smith, Mrs. Fan
nie Bell, Mrs. F. McLauehlin.
. Abstract subjects and debates— Mrs. John
Bullock, Mrs. L>. H. Bailey, Miss Emma Van
Berren. . • • . ¦
Current topics and civics— Miss E. Anderson,
Mrs. L. F. Southack and Mrs. ,W. A. Ruth
rauff.
Art and science— Dr. Louise B. Deal, Mrs.
George Fredericks and Mrs. E. J. Boole.
Music— Miss Charlotte Dorr, . Misa Elvira
Hobbs, Mrs. H. B.. Arnold, Miss Addle Munns.
Mrs. J. W. Ruggles, Mrs. K. L. Peltret and
Mrs. M. B. . McKay.
The Corona Club, a literary organization
composed*- principally,: of .ladles living in
the Mission has elected the fol
lowing officers for the current term:
Seven men . have been discharged from
,the battalion of artillery on account of
removal, four on account of expiration of
term of service, three for the good of *he
service, two on account of exemption s.nd
two'by a two->thirds vote of the battery.
Privates E.R. Armstrong, John E.
Flynn and Edwin F. Tooker have been
appointed corporals in Battery C.
A criticism by Colonel Wllhelm In re
gard to the appearance of ; the men at
Camp Gage has resulted in. the issuance
of an order by Major Bush of the First
Battalion of Artillery to the'effect that
there must be a uniformity in. the collar
worn with the blouse, and that in future
a white collar according- to pattern shall
be worn by each man a* battalion drill
and on all occasions of » ceremony. He
recommends that each, enlisted man pro
vide himself with a celluloid or rubber
collar and' keep the same in his locker, to
be ready for use when occasion may re
quire. ; .-•--¦ - i: t ¦
Lieutenants Varney, Ross and Neumann
have been appointed a board .to examine
the non-commissioned officers of the First
Battalion of Artillery. AH recommenda
tions for promotions in the several bat
teries must De presented before the lath
of each month.
An election has been ordered In Com
pany A of the Fifth for first lieutenant,
vice Covalt, term expired.*
The cruise of the n&val militia having
been delayed on 'account of the death of
President McKinley, * the various divi
sions, . except, theone-.locatedv at Eureka,
"which were to have gone on the U. S. 3.
Philadelphia last- Sunday •will embark on
that vessel to-morrow and before noon
will be on their way to Santa Barbara
channel. Captain Nerney has completed
all - the arrangements ¦ for the seven-day
trip. . • ¦ . ¦
J. B. Dixon has been re-elected captain
of Company C of the Fifth Infantry, lo
cated at Petaluma.
Orders have been Issued to the various
divisions' of the National Guard. of tbls
State that the Sags shall fly at half-mast
over every armory out of respect to trie
memory of the late President McKinley.
Society Desires a Permanent
Home, to Be- Chosen
A » E«ater.
Naval Militia Will Sail
To-Morrow on Cruiser
" Philadelphia.
Corona Officers Are Se
lected for Current
Term. >
National Guard Armories
to Honor Martyred
President.
LITERARY CLUB
HOLDS ELECTION
ORDERS FLAGS AT HALF-MAST
Steamer Movements.
TO ARRIVE.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
LONDON— Sailed Sept 21— Stmr Minneapolis,
for New York.
NEW YORK— Arrived Sept 21— Stmr Penin
sular, from Lisbon. ¦ _ ¦ ¦ '
Sailed Sept 21— Stmr Menominee, for London;
stmr Potsdam, for Rotterdam, via Boulogne;
stmr Pennsylvania, for Hamburg, via Ply
mouth and Cherbourg; stmr Lucania, for Liv
erpool; stmr Aller, for Genoa, etc; stmr An
choria, for Glasgow.
HAMBURG— Arrived Sept 21— Stmr Kabysses,
from San Francisco, via Valparaiso, etc.
ANTWERP— Arrived Sent 21— Stmr Vader
land, from New York, via Cherbourg.
Sailed 'Sept .21— Stmr Southwark, for New
York. • ' ¦
SOUTHAMPTON— Arrived Sept 21— Stmr Bar
barossa, from New York, for Bremen.
LIVERPOOL— Sailed Sept 21— Stmi Campa
nia, for New York; stmr Northman, for Chl-
Ca BREMEN— Sailed Sept 21— Stmr H H Meier,
for New York.
HAVRE— Sailed Sept 21— Stmr La Cham-
Dairne, for New York.
CHERBOURG— Sailed ¦ Sept 21— Stmr Phila
delphia, from Southampton, for New York.
NANAIMO— Arrived Sept 20— Stmr Callfor
nlan, hence Sept 16.
YOKOHAMA— Sailed Sept 21— Br stmr Cop
tic, for San Francisco.
MANILA— Arrived Sect 20— Bark Challenger,
from Ne-wcastle, Aus. Prior to Sept 1— U S
stmr Kllpatrick. hence Augr 1.
Sailed SeDt 5— U S Etmr Thomas, for San
Francisco.
DOVER— Passed Sept 19— Ger stmr Kamby
ses, hence May 29, for Hamburg.
DUBLIN— Arrived Sept 14— Fr bark Com
mandant Marchand,' hence May 7.
LIMERICK— Arrived Sept 20— Br ship Bute
shire, from Astoria.
LIVERPOOL— Arrived Sept 20— Ger ehip
Weca, from Astoria.
DUNGENESS- Passed Sept 20— Nor bark
Prince Victor, from Vancouver, for Queens
borough.
SYDNEY— Sailed July 31— Ship Kennebec, for
Acapulco.
CALLAO— In port Auk 1— Ship Great Ad
miral, for Puget Sound.
GUAYAQUIL— Sailed Sept 21-^Ger stmr Se
sostris, for San Francisco.
FOREIGN PORTS.
Arrived ,Sept 21— Stmr Noyo, from Lompoc:
Btmr Santa Barbara, from Santa Cruz; stmr
Alliance, from Portland. *
SEATTLE— Arrived Sept 21— Stmr Excelsior,
from Valdez. Sept 20— Stmr Chico, from Santa
Barbara.
Sailed Sept 20— Stmr Garonne, for Nome.
Sailed Sept 21— Stmr City of Puebla, for San
Francisco.
YAKUTAT— Arrived Sept 15— Schr Martha
W Tuft, from Ballard.
ASTORIA— Arrived Sept 21— Br bark East In
dian, from Valparaiso.
SOUTH BEND— Arrived Sept 21— Stmr Rival,
hence Seyt 18.
EUREKA— Sailed Sept 81— Stmr Pomona, for
San Francisco.
PORT LOS ' ANGELES— Arrived Sept 21—
Stmr Fulton, from Astoria.". '-'¦ :.-
Sailed Sept 21 — Stmr Iaqua, for Eureka; Btmr
Fulton, for — . - ..
- COOS BAY— Sailed Sept 21— Stmr Arcata, for
San Francisco. - ¦ . -
XEAH BAY— Passed in Sept 21— Stmr Valen
cia, hence Sept 18, for Oyster Harbor; Br stmr
"Wellington, hence Sept 18, for Oyster Harbor.
Passed outward Sept 21 — Ship . J B Thomas,
from Tacoma, for San Francisco. .
BALLARD— Sailed Sept 21-Schr Ruth E
Godfrey, for San Pedro. • •. .
DOMESTIC PORTS.
POINT LOBOS. Sept 21, 10 p m— Weather
thick; wind S, velocity 20 miles per hour.
TELEGRAPHIC.
SANTA - ROSALIA, Sept 9— Br ship Ivemia
and Ger.ship Alster have been in collision and
both slightly damaged.
LONDON, Sept 20-Manila reports bark Chal
lenger, from Newcastle, Aus, ashore at Pulo
Caballo Correeldor, and will have to lighten
to get off. Later — Got off undamaged and ar
rived at Manila Sept 20.
MISCELLANEOUS.
Aug 24, lat 19 S, Ion 38 W— Br bark Cadogan,
from Antwerp, for Port Los Angeles.
Sept 10, lat 49 N. Ion 9 W— Br ship Sllber
horn, from Liverpool, for San Francisco.
SPOKEN.
Saturday, September tl.
Stmr Santa. Cruz, Hlnkle. Moss Landing.
Stmr Geo Looxnls. Brideett. Ventura. ' .
Stmr Eureka. Jessen, Eureka.
Stmr Washtenaw, Zollinsr, Tacoma.
Stmr Luella> Madsen, .
Btmr MarlDosa, ' Rennie, Honolulu. •
Schr Amethyst, Christiansen, STuslaw River.
Schr W F Jewett, Mlkkelson, Klawack.
Schr C H Merchant. Carlsen, Port Gamble.
SAILED.
Bktn W H Dimond, Hansen, Honolulu: J D
Spreckels & Bros Co. ¦ • •¦ •
TBchr Falcon, Burseson, Honolulu; C A
Hooj>er & Co.
TO SAIL.
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
CLEARED.
Saturday, Smtember 21.
Stmr Columbia, Doran, 63 hours from Port
land, via Astoria 46 hours.
Stmr Acme, Lundqulst, 42 hours from Frank
port.
Stmr Whltesboro, Olsen, 16 hours from
Greenwood.
Stmr Bonita, Nopandcr, 65 hours from Re-,
dondo. . . \
Stmr Navarro, Olsen, 19 hours from Hardy
Creek. < . - "
Ual stmr F S Ciampa, Cafaiero, 25 days from
Talcahta.no. '
Br stmr Cycle, Long:. 24 dayi from Kobe.
Bktn Araeo, Perry, 10 days from Columbia
River. . '
Schr Glendale, Falk, 11 days from. Tacoma.'
'.' ..'¦¦ •' . ' Saturday, September ZL
Stmr Marlzwsa, Rennie, Honolulu: J D
Soreckels & Bros Co. -¦ . • .. • .
Stmr Czarina, Seaman, Seattle; E T Kruse.
Br etmr Glenlochy, Hill, Et Vincent; Glrvin
& Eyre. . ¦" ¦ '. i
Br shlD County of Inverness, Gray, ' Queens
town; Eppinser & Co. - - • •••¦~>; ~i "¦.."".'
The steamer Australia sailed Thursday for
Tahiti with a general cargo valued at $33,927,
including the following merchandise and pro
duce: 1274 bbls flour, 4265 gals wine, 18,719 lbs
sugar, 37,169 Ids rice, 27 crs bicycles and sun
dries, 4750 lbs bran, 515 gals bottled beer, 165
ctls barley, 682 lbs butter, 12 cs bootsand shoes,
63S3 lbs beans, 27 cs 24.627 lbs bread, 1760 gala
coal oil, 215 cs canned goods, 500 lbs codfish,
69 pkgs dry goods, 14 cs drugs, 2112 lbs coffee,
374 pkgs fruit and vegetables, 39 pkgs furniture,
1246 pkgs groceries and provisions, 132 cs hard
ware, 14 pkgs harness and saddlery, 163 lbs
hams and bacon, 6 bales hay, 14 cs lamp goods
72,681 ft lumber, 4500 lbs lard, 110 lbs millstuffs,
20 pkgs machinery, 36 pkgs nails, 77 crs pota
toes and onions, 16 bdls, paper.- 32 pkgs paints
and oils, 900 lbs rolled barley, 33 colls rope,
3700 lbs ealt. 9 pkgs efclp chandlery, in cs soap,
398 bdls shingles and shakes, 125 cs 7 bbls sal
mon. 38 bdls steel and Iron, 614 bdls shooks,
15 chests tea, 61 pkgs mill work, 30 ctls wheat,
109 pkgs carriage material, 10 reels wire.
Merchandise for Tahiti.
The British steamer Glenlochy cleared yes
terday for St. Vincent for orders. with 30,766
ctls wheat valued at $30,773, 69,980 ctls- barley
valued at $65,750 and 42,000 ft lumber dunnage
valued at $630. The steamer also carried 30,714
ctls barley for London valued at $27,640. ••
The British ship County of Inverness cleared
yesterday for Queenstown for orders with 64,177
ctls barley valued at $48,816 and 16,000 ft lum
ber as dunnage valued at $204:
Shipments of Grain.
The Sierra will be due from Australasian
ports and the Colombia from South Amer
ican ports to-day. . •
The cruiser Philadelphia finished coal
ing and taking ammunition on board yes
terday. She will be In readiness for the
naval reserve men to-morrow morning.
Henry B. Soule, one of the gunners who
served so gallantly during the war, went
to Mare Island yesterday to pass his ex
amination for promotion to the rank of
ensign. He has been attached to the bat
tleship "Wisconsin, and came here from
the Sound to take the examination.
Captains Bolles and Bulger, local In
spectors of Hulls and Boilers, are now at
Yuma, looking over the vessels plying on
the Colorado River.
Captain Carter has taken command of
the barkentine Benlcla, vice Captain
Bowes, who takes command of the new
barkentine Amaranth.
Water Front Notes.
The Norwegian steamer Kvarven will load
flour and merchandise at Portland and this
port for China; the O. J. Olson, lumber at
Hadlock for Callao. 40s 6d: the Alex Black,
wheat at Tacoma for Europe, 40s, prior to ar
rival; the British steamer Glenturret, wheat at
Portland for Europe, prior to arrival."
Shipping Merchants.
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
The Ciampa .was 25 days coming from
Talcahuano, while the Cycle was 24 days
coming from Hiogo. The former is 4040
tons gross and 2634 tons net burden. She
was built in Genoa, Italy, in 1899, by-N.
Odero & Co., and is 340 feet 5 incnes long,
45 feet beam and 19 feet 8 inches deep.
Captain Cafaiero, who commands her, has
scores of friends in this port, as he traded
here for years in the ship Francesco
Ciampa.
The Cycle is 3411 tons gross and 2227
tons net burden. She was built in Sun
derland. England, in 1900, by J. L. Thomp
son & Sons, Ltd., and is 331 feet 2 inches
long, 49 feet beam and 24 feet 5 inches
deep. -Each steamship will take away
about 5000 tons of grain.
Among the fleet that ma.de port yester
day were the Italian steamship F. S.
Ciampa and the British steamship Cycle.
Both were under charter to load wheat,
but the Ciampa was twelve hours behind
her canceling date, and now the charterer
does not want to pay as high a rate. The
matter will probably be amicably adjust
ed on Monday.
Drops Anchor in Port.
F. S. Ciampa, Flying Italian Flag,
BIG TRAMP STEAMSHIPS ABKLVE
They were a sad-hearted lot of men that
brought the schooner Glendale into port
from Tacoma yesterday. Captain Falk
was accompanied by his wife and daugh
ter. The child was four years old and the
pet of the crew. A few days out from the
Sound she was taken sick, and on the 18th
lnst., when twenty-five miles northwest
of Point Arena, she died. It is thought
that the little one died of diphtheria, so
the body was taken to the quarantine sta
tion as soon as the schooner came in. The
schooner made a good average run of 11
days from Tacoma to San Francisco.
Eer Flags at Half-Mast.
It is only a few days ago that Captain
Carlsen was married, and this is really
the honeymoon trip. Captain Dan James
cf the Ida W says he fully expects to see
Mrs. Carlsen come back as chief officer
cf the schooner.
Captain Carlsen of the schooner C. H.
Merchant discovered yesterday that his
¦wife can stand a trick at the wheel as
¦well as any sailor on the coast. The ves
gel was cleared, the tug Ida W was along
eide and everything in readiness for a
start for Port Gamble, when the men re
fused duty. For a minute the captain was
In a quandary and felt like giving in. His
•wife came to his assistance, however, and
BfcidL, "I'll take the wheel and you and the
mate and cook can gret the anchor up."
ICo sooner said man done, and inside of
fifteen minutes the Merchant was going
down the bay in tow of the tug. Passing
Meiggs wharf the captain, mate and cook
began making sail while Mrs. Carlsen re
tained her place at the wheel. Off Fort
Point the men saw they were going: to sea
•willy-nilly, so they went to work and
Mrs. Carlsen retired to her cabin.
Merchant's Crew Sefused Duty.
>vere spread on the minutes.
Resolutions of sympathy were adopted
by. Oakland Council, No. £54, of the Order
of Pendo and a copy ordered sent to the
¦widow of the late President.
The members of Montezuma. Tribe No.
77, Improved Order of Red Men, passed
resolutions of sorrow and ordered them
spread on the minutes. The charter of
the society will be draped for thirty days
out of respect to the honored dead.
WILLIAM L. DUNCAN. Secretary.
A committee composed of Milton A.
JCathan.' Thomas J. Kerrigan and Richard
J. Cline of the Army and Navy Parlor,
Native Sons of the Golden West, submit
ted a set of resolutions of sincere sorrow
for the loss of the late chief executive, and
after they were unanimously adopted
your and the nation's bereavement. Most re
epectfully ¦ ¦
W. C. BURNETT, President.
Send a Message of Condolence to
Widow of the Late Chief
Executive.
The following message of condolence has
been telegraphed to the widow of the late
President by the Associated Veterans of
Ihe Mexican •wax:
. SAN FRANCISCO. Sept. 14. 1901.
' Mrs. Presient McKinley, Honored Madam:
The Associated Veterans of the Mexican War
desire to tender to your their profound sorrow
and soul-felt sympathy In this ead hour of
KEXICAU WAS VETERANS
EXPRESS THEIB, SORROW
THE .Oceanic Steamship Company's '
Marlposa did not get away for
Honolulu until shortly after 8
o'clock last evening. There was
an unusual rush of- freight at the
last moment and the hour of sailing had
to be postponed. Considerable merchan
dise had to be left on the wharf, as the
steamer could not carry it. The mail boat
took away seventy-five cabin passengers
and twenty-eight in the steerage. This
will be the Marlposa's last trip for, some
time to come. When she gets back from
Honolulu she will be completely over
hauled and the engines changed from
compound to triple expansion. The cabin
passengers who went away on the Mari
posa were:
F C. Atherton. Mrs. F. C. Atherton. Mrs.
C O Berger, Rev. M. J. Boarman, Mrs.G. M.
Bright W. C. Bunner, Mrs. W. C. Bunner.
C. A Burns G. W. Carr, R. H. Chamberlain,
Mrs R. H Chamberlain and two children, W.
B Chandler, F. E. Coombs "W. G. Cooper,
Mrs W G. Cooper, J. "W. Farwell. Miss A.
Gardner H.' Gorman. Mrs. D. Heitman. C. R.
Hemenway. Mrs. C. R. Hemenway, Mrs. Dr.
George Herbert, Mra. C. P. Hind, C. Hustace,
Miss Hustace, Miss S. M. Jacobus, Rev. W. M.
Klncald Mrs. W. M. Kincald and son, James
Kirkland. J. P. Llbbey. • ¦ Mrs. F. W. Macfar
lane and. son. Rev. E. A: Magebney, B." Man
lerre C S.- Marshall, Mrs. C. S. Marshall.
"William Scott May, Mrs. H. G. Noonan and
child John H, O'Connell, James .. O'Connell,
Mrs James O'Connell. T. O'Dowda, Mrs. J.
Ouderktrk, D. F. Parker. Mrs. ' T. R. Reed,
F E Richardson, Mrs. F. E. Richardson and
two children P. W. Richardson. Mrs. J. F.
Rielev A. T. Russell, F. O. Sodersren. Mrs.
E D Tenny. child and maid, E. M. Walsh,
Hi Wicks. G. N. Wilcox, J. T. Woolley, Mrs.
J. T. Woolley, Peter Zahnen.
The electric properties of this piece of
pavement became well known to the
throng later on, and until midnight groups
of men were standing there and using all
kinds of grips in their handshakes in the
hope of provoking good-fellowship and
curing supposed ills. The spot is now a
Mecca for all who are ailing, and unless
the electricity is soon turned on its
proper course the traffic of the street may
be blockaded by persons seeking a free
charge of electric fluid.
The newsboys and others enjoyed the
discomfiture of the shocked persons all
day. It appears that the underground
electric -wires had got out of order and
the electricity took possession of the
pavement. The dampness helped matters
along, and when handshaking or kissing:
occurred about the spot a circuit was
formed and the shocks resulted.
ihey wandered on their way in a quan
dary, and that piece of pavement contin
ued to be a stage for most peculiar re
sults and bewilderment for all who had
occasion to shake hands or display their
love with a vagrant kiss.
"\\ hy, my dear May," ejaculated a lov
able belle, arrayed in a rainbow creation,
as she threw her arms about May and
made an effort at osculation. It was only
an effort, for they parted without smack
ing their lips and so determinedly that
passers-by thought one had suddenly
learned some dread secret from the other.
xheir laces were pictures of astonish
ment and dread.
"Did you feel any peculiar sensation,
May?" asked the lovable creature after a
moment's pause.
•'Did I? Well, I guess yes. It was
awful peculiar— and eo forcible," was
Hay's response.
It was rather shocking: for matinee girls
to shake hands or kiss their friends yes
terday at O'Farrell street and Grant ave
nue. The neighborhood is all right, but
the conditions were all wrong:. Right
where people board and alight from the
O'Farrell-street cars all the trouble was
occasioned. There is no excavation there,
end the pavement to all intents and pur
poses was in a perfectly normal condition.
A. dampness, however, had strolled over
the pavement before the matinee girls
appeared upon the scene.
Crossed Wires on Street
Furnish Amusement
for Many.
Matinee Girls Osculate
With Electric Ac- i
companiment.
SHOCK KISSES
ARE THE LATEST
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAI/L, STJNDAYj SEPTEMBER 22, .1901.
Departure Is Delayed Owing to Rush of* Freights-Italian
Tramp Steamship F. S. Ciampa Loses Charter Owing to
Arrival From Talcahuano Twelve Hours Behind Time
MAIL STEAMSHIP MARIPOSA SAILS
WITH MANY TOURISTS FOR HONOLULU
TRAMP STEAMSHIPS F. S. CIAMPA AND CYCLE THAT HAVE COME HERE TO LOAD WHEAT FOR EUROPE.
THE FORMER IS THE FIRST VESSEL, OF HER CLASS FLYING THE ITALIAN FLAG THAT HAS COME TO
THIS PORT.
FROM SEATTLE.
21
Steamer.
Destination.
Sails.
Pier.
Czarina
Santa Rosa..
UmatUIa...-.:
Point Arena. .
t
Columbia
Empire
Mandalay....
North Fork..
Pomona
Arcata
September 22.
Seattle: fej/Tacoma.
San Dieg<*>& Way.
September 23.
Puget Sound Forts.
Point Arena..:.....
September 24.
Astoria & Portland
Coos Bay -. :
Coqullle River
Humboldt .....!
Humboldt
September 25.
Coos Bay
September 20.
Humboldt
Redondo- & Way..
September 27.
Seattle & N. What
China & Japan —
September 28.
Valparaiso & i Way
Puget Sound Ports
Panama & Way..
Humboldt
September 29.
San- Diego" & Way
12 m
9 am
11 am
2 pm
11 am 1
12 m
4 pm
» am
1:30 p
12 m
Pier 8
Pier 11
Pier 9
Pier 2
Pier 24
Pier 13
Pier —
Pier 2
Pier 9
Pier 13
Jvoreka. ......
Corona
I 9 am
I 9 am
i Pier IS
[Pier U
Rainier..
Nippon Maru
5 pm
1 pm
Pier ; 2
PMS3
Colombia
City Puebla.,
Ban Bias
San Pedro....
12, m
11 am
12 m
10 am
Pier 10
l'ier.9
PMSS
Pier.< 2
Santa Rosa.".
"9 am!
|Pier 11
Steamer.
•om.
is.
Xellus Oyster Harbor (Sept. 22
Arcata Coos Bay (Sept. 22
Sierra Sydney & Way Ports. .iSept. 21
Colombia....... Valparaiso & Way Pts. Sept. 23
Femora Humboldt Sept. 23
City of Puebla. Puget Sound Ports Sept. si
Cciona.... Redondo & Way Ports. Sept. 21
Eureka Humboldt Sept. 21
San Pedro Humboldt Sept. 24
Victoria Oyster Harbor Sept. 24
Tucapel Valparaiso & Way Pts. Sept. 25
Progreso....... Taeoma Sept. 25
Santa Rosa.'... San Diego & Way Pts. Sept. 26
City of Sydney Panama & Way Ports. Sept. 27
Point Arena... Point Arena Sept. 27
Peru China and Japan .: Sept. 2?
Enterprise N.'Y. via Panama . Sept. 28
Walla Walla.. Puget Sound Ports.... Sept. 23
Steamer.
Destination.
Sails.
Ccttage City... Skaguay & Way Ports. Sept 22
Humboldt Skaguay & Way Ports. Sept. 23
Excelsior Cooks Inlet & Way.. Sept. 25
Dolphin Skaguay & Way Ports. Sept. 26
Dirlgo Skagruay & Way Ports. Sept. 27
Chas. Nelson.. Skaguay & Way Ports. Sept. 27
Nome City..... Nome and Teller Sept. 29
Senator Nomo direct ..'..'.-. Sept. 28
iun rises .;.' ...5:5i
iun sets ..: 1.6-0;
loon seta-.... 0:00 a. m
Time - Time (Time Time '
Date . Ft Ft. Ft. Ft.
L. W .. .~. H W L "W H W
22 .. 0:21 0.7 7:40 4.4 12:30 Z.O 6:18 4.:
23 ... 1:12 0.6 8:20 4.7 1:30 2.6 7:24 6.'
»4 ... 2:01 0.5 8:58 5.0 2:20 . 2.1 8:2} ,5.
25 ... 2:46 0.5 "9:32 6.2 3:C9 .1.5 ' 9:22 5.
26 ... 3:33 0.6 10:06 5.4 8:52 0.9 10:16 5.
!7 ... 4:11 0.7 10:39 _5.6 4:40 0.4 11:09 5.i
!8 ... 4:53 1.0 U:13| 5.S 5:22 0.0
4.
6.
,5.
5.
5.
5.
Steamer.
Destination.
Sails.
Ccttage City... Skaguay & Way Ports. Sept 22
Humboldt Skaguay & Way Ports. Sept. 23
Excelsior Cooks Inlet & Way.. Sept. 25
Dolphin Skaguay & Way Ports. Sept. 26
Dirlgo Skagruay & Way Ports. Sept. 27
Chas. Nelson.. Skaguay & Way Ports. Sept. 27
Nome City..... Nome and Teller Sept. 29
Senator Nomo direct ..'..'.-. Sept. 28
iun rises .;.' ...5:5i
iun sets ..: 1.6-0;
loon seta-.... 0:00 a. m
Time - Time (Time Time '
Date . Ft Ft. Ft. Ft.
L. W .. .~. H W L "W H W
22 .. 0:21 0.7 7:40 4.4 12:30 Z.O 6:18 4.:
23 ... 1:12 0.6 8:20 4.7 1:30 2.6 7:24 6.'
»4 ... 2:01 0.5 8:58 5.0 2:20 . 2.1 8:2} ,5.
25 ... 2:46 0.5 "9:32 6.2 3:C9 .1.5 ' 9:22 5.
26 ... 3:33 0.6 10:06 5.4 8:52 0.9 10:16 5.
!7 ... 4:11 0.7 10:39 _5.6 4:40 0.4 11:09 5.i
!8 ... 4:53 1.0 U:13| 5.S 5:22 0.0
4.
6.
,5.
5.
5.
5.
Steamer.
Destination.
Sails.
Pier.
Czarina
Santa Rosa..
UmatUIa...-.:
Point Arena. .
t
Columbia
Empire
Mandalay....
North Fork..
Pomona
Arcata
September 22.
Seattle: fej/Tacoma.
San Dieg<*>& Way.
September 23.
Puget Sound Forts.
Point Arena..:.....
September 24.
Astoria & Portland
Coos Bay -. :
Coqullle River
Humboldt .....!
Humboldt
September 25.
Coos Bay
September 20.
Humboldt
Redondo- & Way..
September 27.
Seattle & N. What
China & Japan —
September 28.
Valparaiso & i Way
Puget Sound Ports
Panama & Way..
Humboldt
September 29.
San- Diego" & Way
12 m
9 am
11 am
2 pm
11 am 1
12 m
4 pm
» am
1:30 p
12 m
Pier 8
Pier 11
Pier 9
Pier 2
Pier 24
Pier 13
Pier —
Pier 2
Pier 9
Pier 13
Jvoreka. ......
Corona
I 9 am
I 9 am
i Pier IS
[Pier U
Rainier..
Nippon Maru
5 pm
1 pm
Pier ; 2
PMS3
Colombia
City Puebla.,
Ban Bias
San Pedro....
12, m
11 am
12 m
10 am
Pier 10
l'ier.9
PMSS
Pier.< 2
Santa Rosa.".
"9 am!
|Pier 11
Steamer.
•om.
is.
Xellus Oyster Harbor (Sept. 22
Arcata Coos Bay (Sept. 22
Sierra Sydney & Way Ports. .iSept. 21
Colombia....... Valparaiso & Way Pts. Sept. 23
Femora Humboldt Sept. 23
City of Puebla. Puget Sound Ports Sept. si
Cciona.... Redondo & Way Ports. Sept. 21
Eureka Humboldt Sept. 21
San Pedro Humboldt Sept. 24
Victoria Oyster Harbor Sept. 24
Tucapel Valparaiso & Way Pts. Sept. 25
Progreso....... Taeoma Sept. 25
Santa Rosa.'... San Diego & Way Pts. Sept. 26
City of Sydney Panama & Way Ports. Sept. 27
Point Arena... Point Arena Sept. 27
Peru China and Japan .: Sept. 2?
Enterprise N.'Y. via Panama . Sept. 28
Walla Walla.. Puget Sound Ports.... Sept. 23
m Steamers leave Broadway
&_ Wharf, San Francisco:
ICk.~. ' For Alaskan ports— 11 a. m.,
HreSSlftE Sept 13, IS. 23. 23. Oct. 3-
Is5Pt22!«s». Change to company's ateam-
BST vEJvSkft ers at Seattle.
BB^igFlXflrl F °r "Victoria. Vancouver ("B.
BBBg^WMl C), Port Townsend. Seattle",
; M^BEIjgjafWM Tacoma, Everett and New
ir Whatcom (Wash.)— 11 a. m..
Sept. 13. 18. 23. 23. Oct. S.
. Change at Seattle for thl3
company's steamers for Alaska and G. N. Ry.;
at Seattle or Tacoma for N..P. Ry.; at Van-
couver to C. P. Ry. _ „
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay)— 1:30 p. m., Sept.
H. 19. 24. 29, Oct. 4. '
For San Dieso. stopping only at Santa Bar-
bara. Port Los Angeles and Redondo (Loa An-
geles)— Steamer Santa Rosa. Sundays, 9 a. m.:
steamer Stat« of California. . Wednesdays, 9
a. -m. ¦'• . ¦'.-¦
For : Los Angeles, calling at Santa Oral,
Monterey, San Simeon, . Cayucos. Port Harford
(San Luis Oblspo), Gavlota. Santa Barbara.
Ventura, Hueneme, East San Pedro. San Pe-
dro and •Newport (*Corona only)— Steamer Co-
rona. Saturdays, 9 a. m. ; steamer Bonita, Tues-
days 9 a. m.-
For Ensenada. Magdalena Bay. San Jose del
Cabo, Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz. Santa Rosalia
and Guaymas (Mex.)— 10 a. m.. 7th each month.
For further information obtain company
folders. . ;••*.
The company reserves the right to changs
steamers.-, sailing days and hours of sailing
without previous notice.
! TICKET OFFICE— i New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agents.
I 10 Market St.. San Francisco.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
OPT1CIAN5^ H0T^h^arat W .
642 Market 5t. instruments
unDEa,CHBOX!Cit ButtoiNt. CATALOGUE fR't.
AT NO EXTRA CHARGE. - ¦)> v
OCULISTS' PRESCRIPTIONS FILU3D.
FACTORY ON PREMISES.
QUICK REPAIRING.
i PHONE. MAIN 10.
Boston-System
Eye=Glasses
Walla "Walla and Spokane, and the Baker City,
Lewlston, Coeur d'Alene and Boise City
Gold Mining: Districts.
D. W. HITCHCOCK. General Agent,
No. 1 Monteomery st., San Francisco.
Superior Service — Quick Time.
THE SHORT UNE TO
"Chicago-Portland Special."
"COLUMBIA RIVER ROUTE."
Portland to all points East and In the North-
O. R.&N. CO,
J. D. SPHEttELS 4 BROS. CO., Saner* Agents. 327 Harks St
Gsn'l Passsnger OtScs, 643 Marbt St., her la. 7. Pacific St
S. S. "SIERRA, for Honolulu, Samoa, Auck-
land" and'Sydney.. Thursday. Oct. 3, 10 a. m.
S. S. AliAMEDA, for Honolulu
...7 Saturday, Oct. 12, 2 p. m.
S. S. AUSTRALIA, for Tahiti;
Oct. 24, 10 a. m.
A AAoni i» €T C PA HA1V *"« 8AM0a * ne ™
From New York Wednesdays, at 12 noon.
Friesiand Oct. 2|Kenslngton Oct. 23
Southwark Oct. 9 'Zeeland Oct. 30
•Vaderland Oct. 16i Friesland Nov. 6
•Stop at Cherbourg eastbound.
INTERNATIONAL. NAVIGATION CO.,
'CHAS. D. TAYLOR.
General Agent Pacific Coast. 30 Montgomery rt.
RED STAR LINE.
New York and Antwerp.
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York "Wednesdays, at 10 a. m.
Philadelphia Oct. Si Philadelphia. Oct. 53
St Paul • Oct: i Haverford .".i — Oct. 25
St. Louis Oct. 16|St Paul Oct. 30
AMERICAN LINE.
HI YOBS. SOUTHAMPTON. LONDOff. PASU
TOYO KISEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS WILL. LEAVE "WHAKF. COR-
ner Tirst and Brannan streets, at 1 p. m.,
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, catling at
Kobe (Hiogo), Nagasaki and Shanghai and
connecting at Hongkong -with steamers for
India, etc. No cargo received on board on
day of ratlins.
SS. NIPPON MARTJ.. Friday. September 27. 1301
SS. AMERICA MARU...... ..................
Wednesday, October 23, 1901
SS. HONGKONG MARU •
Saturday. November 18. 1901
Round-trip ticket* at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's office,
421 Market street, corner First.
- W. H. AVERT. General Agent
BAY AND BIVEB STEAMERS
Made at the pure food factories of the
Postum Cereal Co., Ltd., Battle Creek,
Mich. ..... ¦¦..'¦ •; ¦; ¦
One advantage about Grape-Nuts Food
Is that it is pre-digested In the. process of
manufacture; that is, the starch contained
in the wheat and barley is transformed
into grape-sugar in exactly the same
method as this process Is carried out in
the human body, that is by the use of
moisture and long exposure to moderate
warmth, which grows the diastase in the
grains and makes the remarkable change
from starch to grape-sugar. Therefore,
the most delicate stomach can handle
Grape-Nuts and the food is quickly ab-
sorbed into the blood and tissue, certain
parts of it going directly to building and
nourishing the brain and nerve centers.
"This is an Ideal food and evidently
furnishes the elements necessary for a
baby ,as well as for adults. "We ' have
used Grape-Nuts in large quantities and
greatly to our advantage. F. "W. Leavitt,
Minneapolis, Minn." , .
"I have a boy, two years old, weighing^
forty pounds and In perfect health who
frag been raised cm Grape-Nuts and milk.
A UNIVERSAL FOOD.
Following Nature's Footsteps.
•- ¦ ' ¦'¦> ¦¦¦¦";.¦ ¦¦-¦ ;¦' ' -."• "• :M- — ¦ ' ' H-
Ik 11^11^ "X Dr. McLaugMin's men
5 "Leteveryman.know.it." "I will preach the merits of '. / /•••:" \' •.'-"• Sv
9 your wonderful treatment wherever I go." "It has been worth // f I ¦ • 1 - '<?* '
9 its weight in Rold to me, and I will never, cease shouting its // v I, ' ll *<^ 00n^t _J .. : j -
% praise." // i^r^ •- • . .> • .,
| S uch a re the messages of : If '^\ r *
© gladness sent in to me rom
S patients restored to health aiid^^^^^X \\i
1 strength by my Electric Belt They \^V a^%
| come dailyi and nearly always afteir "nS^^^^Nw
8 other treatments had failed.
| IT. CURES RHEUMATISM,
0 Lame and Weak Back, Sciatica, "Come-and-Gb" Pains, Constipation, Loss of //Jl Ils // J
• Appetite, Wasted Vital- Strength. Nervousness, Dyspepsia, Indigestion, Sleep- / / s^sCs*' r '
• lessness, Lost Energy and all ailments resulting from exposure and excesses iij / /^V l<
g young and middle-aged men. . ' "^ - v j • " >: 7
• TRY IT NO\Vl V Generil Debility. ; . "
Lay aside your medicines, Rive up the - ' ' Albany. Or., July 11, 1S0L
• drugs. which are only stimulating you .^bei^SlY^^Sv'e used your belt every night since I purchased It. and
• while you take them, and use this • • must say that It has done me more good than anything I have ever taken
• never-failing cure!' It willnot fail. My or used.- Electricity, as you apply it, is better than drugs or any patent med-
• Fiertric Relt nours trinwino- warmth' idne In existence for any disability,? and I can,^^ and will, recommend your belt
9 Electric tieit pours glowing _ ; warmth .- to. air in need of treatment. Touii sincerely, O. C. CHURCHILL.
J into every organ of your body.- It re- ;. . • ... T . ". . ;'.
q '¦¦ news nerve life, circulation and the ' :. . . Vital Weakness* .'. \
© -Strength you ' have lost. It does not \. . ,. 4 .. ¦ . . Kendall, Wyo., Aug.' 18, liKKL
©burn nor blister, and is warranted for : ,DR.'McL,AUGHL.lN, ' " '• • .
• vears ¦ - *•:" ' 'Dear Sir:— A few months ago I 'bought one. of your high grade belts, and
a J ' -, . used it thirty days. After five days' use I could feel quite: an improvement,
2 Fre a Test« Free Rnnk ¦ - and at the end of thirty days' I' was cured. I would not take double the price
2 ¦-¦¦-" , i ." - ".•,-' I paid for the belt, and cannot praise it too much. I recommend it to < all
25 Call and test it, free, or send for my whom I know to be suffering; from overwork, nervousness or a run-down
9 hpatitiful tlltistratprf hnnk ' ahniif it with - system. In' fact, I was a total wreck, but I soon gained in flesh and
• '• ? < a Ia* lllustrat f a ?9 olc . at)OUt \ l - witll • strength, and now feel able to do a good day's work. You may .refer .any
.••hundreds- •¦ of testimonials. .Inclose ° • one to me, and if necessary I will gladly write them further In regard to
0 this ad. ¦ ¦ - What I know of t the treatment. Yours very truly, _ S. P. FREEMAN.
• DR. M. C: McLAUGHLIN, Kidney Trouble and Rheumatism.
• 702 Market Street, Ccr.ner Kearny, ' - Hurieton.Cal., Aug. 15, 1M1.
• V San Francisco 'DR. McLAUGHLIN, ... • , ; .
9 ¦ n««. v,«,,«T fi » «, *« t.tn „ « ".' e * . : . Dear Sir:— If Is no more than just that you should hear from me in re-
• ¦¦•lo to 1 - • • v : 8.30 p. m.; Sundays., . , gardto what your belt -has. done for me. It has been a remarkable success.
2 . * .• The slcidney; trouble and -rheumatism have both disappeared.' I assure' you
2 . never SOLD IN DRUG STORES OR BT.. that I- shall always be glad to recommend your treatment to any one whom
• • .- .AGENTS.- .:•' I know to be in .need of it. : Yours yetp truly, B. F. CHRISTNOT.
GRAPE-NXTTS.
And Clfl SUD^AMERICAMA DE VAPORES
To Valparaiso,' stopping: at Mexican. Central
and South American ports. Satllng from How-
ard 3. Pier 10. 12 nv
COLOMBIA.... Sept., 28JAREQUIPA Oct. 13
TUCAPEL... Oct. 3.JLIMABI Oct. IS
These steamers are built expressly for Cen-
tral and South ¦¦ American passenger service.
(No change at Acapulco or Panama.) Freight
and passeneer office. 31S California street.
BALFOUR, GUTHRIE & CO., Gen. Agents.
PACIFIC STEAM NAVIGATION CO.
9:45 a. m.. 3:15 and 8:30 p. m., except Sunday.
Sunday, 9:43 a. m.. 8:30 p. m. . Leaves -Vallejo
? a.m., 12:30 noon. 6 p. xn.. except Sunday.
Sunday, 7 a. m.. 4 :1S p. m. Fare 50 cent*,
.Telephone Main 1508. . Landing and of Oct. »ier
2. Mlsslon-st. dock. HATCH BROS.
Steamere GEN.FRISBIE or.MONTICELLO
FOR It. S. NAVY YARD AMD YALLEJQ
COXPAQMB GENERALS THAN3ATLANTIQD3
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. -J^a^p
Sailing every Thursday, instead of <^?COl
Saturday, at 10 a. in., from pier 42. ««™»
North River, foot of Morton street; *i. AquJ-
taine. September 19; La Bretagne. September
26; La Champagne. October 3; »La Savole. Oc-
Flrst class to Havre. $70 and upward. Second
class to Havre, *<5 and upward. GENERAL
AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES and CAN-
ADA 33 Broadway (Hudson building). New
York" J. F. FUGAZI & CO.. - Pacific Coast
Agents. 5 Montgomery avenue. San Francisco.
Tickets sold by all Railroad Ticket Agents.
• 'Twin Screw Express Steamers. „
Cabin. $105: Steerage. $40; Meals Free.
8. S. Argyll sails Monday, Oct. 14
6. S. Leelanaw sails Thursday. Oct. 24
S. 5. Argyll sails Monday, Dec. 2
From Howard-street "Wharf at 2 p. m.
Freight and Paiaenser Office. 330 Market st.
F. F. CONNOR, Pacific Coast Agent.
PANAMA R.R. S S ?
TO NEW YORK VIA PANAMA DIRECT.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
: f,;;.,32S*feMi(ii If! 1 v
White Enameled Iron Bed, $2.00
Call and see. our Special
Comforter this week... 51.15
Get an estimate from us on
everything required to furnish
your entire, establishment.
Credit and free delivery within *
ioo miles. We close at six.
except on Saturday.
T. BriSSiant
FURNITURE CO,, \
338-342 POST STREET,
Opposite Union Squars. . 'THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,; SUNDAY, 22, 1901."
"Files of Louisville papers just received
through the thoughtful kindness of our
efficient quartermaster and commissary,
Sir Knight Reichert. teem with praise of
our' commandery and corps. Never for a
moment did our boys forget their allegi
ance to their commandery, and though
winning and wearing their • laurels as
members of the crack drill corps from the
Pacific Coast, they were first, last and nt
all times members of Golden Gate Com
mandery, and to the honor of our order Le it
said that every Sir Knight of Golden Gate
Commandery who attended the conclave
helped by his gentlemanly and knightly
bearing to sustain the reputation of which
Golden Gate is, so justly proud."
To-morrow night Golden Gate Com
mandery will make arrangements to ten
der a reception to Its drill team which
returned to its asylum with one .of the
trophies offered at the competitive drill
at Louisville. Commander Loveland in a
letter to members of the commandery
says: ¦ ....
During the first week In October Cali
fornia Commandery, Knights Templar,
will tender a reception in Odd Fellows'
Hall to its drill team which recently re
turned from Louisville, Ky., where it was
awarded a fine trophy for the appearance
it made during the conclave. The trophy
Is a magnificent, large sized silver, gold
lined punch bowl, appropriately inscribed
and with panels on which are views of
the Masonic Home of Louisville and other
prominent buildings.
Receptions to California
and Golden Gate'
Sword- Bearers.
KNIGHTS TEMPLAR
TO HONOR TEAMS
'•-¦ Trapper's Oil cures rheumatism and neuralgia.
DrucElsts. Me flask. Richard & Co.. 406 Clay. •
$8 50 round trip from . San Francisco.*
Oakland, Alameda. Berkeley, Sacramen
to and intermediates by special train from
San Francisco, 8 a. m.' Saturday, October
5 including lake trips. -Tickets good one
: week. Special low rates ' at hotels. The
last excursion of the season. .Details 013
Market street.
You Can Go to Lake Tahoe.
Fathers Crowley and Morgan returned
yesterday with the thirty-one boys of the
Youths' Directory who were sent out as
an experiment in hop-picking. They were
located on the Do wdall ¦ ranch, in Sonoma
County, and - had a ! splendid time. • - They
¦were, comfortably:, housed ¦ and ¦¦fed and
earned the same .wages as the elder labor
ers. The boys were wanted to pick fruit,
but had to return to attend school. ' .
Boys Succeed in Hop Fields.
Maria Conmy of. San Jose, giving her oc
cupation as "lady and housewife." filed a
petition in Insolvency yesterday In the
United States District' Court. Her liabili
ties are $8672 55, and consist chiefly of her
responsibility as a stockholder in • the
bankrupt Union Savings Bank o:' San
Jose. She has no assets. ¦
A Bankrupt Lady.
Salvatore Lorrgo, an Italian boy aged
10 years, was crushed between an electric
car and a heavy truck yesterday on the
corner of Broadway and Sansome streets.
The base' of the child's skull was frac
tured and he will die" Salvatore % was
playing on the street, and in trying to get
out of the way of the car was run down
by the truck. ' • ¦ •
Crushed Under* Carwheels.
The Catholic . University extension
course will be f resumed by the Rev.
Thomas J. Shahan, D. D.. to-morrow
evening in Metropolitan Hall. One lec
ture of the course had been delivered be
fore postponement and the four; others
will be given this week, f The lectures
treat of the great movements of the Mid
dle Ages from a philosophical and his
torical standpoint. Rev. Dr. Shahan- is
professor of history in the Catholic Uni
versity of America. . • f
The subjects and dates "are: Monday,
September- 23, "The Cathedral Builders of
Europe"; Tuesday, September 24. "The
Crusades— How the Middle ,Ages Expand
ed" •- Thursday, September 26. "Medieval
Ireland, the Teacher and Civilizer of
Northern Europe" ; Friday, September 27. ,
•'The Renaissance, Christian and Pagan."
General' James F.Timith.'Will preside on
Tuesday evening ' and : deliver an intro
ductory address. Tickets : already issued
hold good for these dates and additional
tickets may be had at room S7, Flood
building.' • V,
tcj Be Resumed in Metropolitan
• Temple.
Catholic "University Extension Course
REV. FATHER SHAHAN TO *-
CONTINUE HIS LECTURES
. Mr. Collins then proceeded to argue de
murrers to the indictments. In the flrat
indictment the defendant is accused "of
presenting a false, fictitious and fraudu
lent claim for $198 37, which said fraudu
lent claim, Mr. Collins said, was admitted
to have been paid previously by the
United States.. Therefore, continued the
counsel, the admission is made that in its
origin the claim was not fraudulent. Sec
tion 5438 of the Revised Statutes of the
United States, under which the indictment
was found, means, according to the attor
ney's contention, . that the claim in its
origin was false, fictitious or fraudulent. ~
The second count was attacked on the
ground that it is alleged that on January
3, 1900/Dimmick presented to Cashier W.
K. Cole a false claim for $498 37 "that had
been fully paid by the Government on
March 26, 1900." S. C. Denson, Bert
Schlesinger and United States District At
torney Woodworth admitted that this was
a clerical error and that the date of the
presentation of the claim should have
been stated as "January. 1901, instead of a
year earlier." .
Mr. Collins demurred to the third count
charging Dimmick with having embezzled
the sum named, and contended that the
charge of embezzlement was an admission
that Dimmick had come lawfully into
possession of the' money, otherwise the
charge would- have been larceny; hence
the allegation in the second count that the
claim was false- was contradicted and
denied in the third count. Another point
was attempted to be made on the ground
that none of the indictments set forth the
kind of money alleged to have been em
bezzled and stolen.
Another charge was taken up that Dim
mick had failed to deposit in the United
States Sub-Treasury $362 47 on the 30th
of December, 1S99, and that when he was
requested by Superintendent Leach to
deposit it on December 31, the following
day, he had neglected to do so. There
was nothing in the indictment to show
he had embezzled any of the money in
this count. Embezzlement could be- com
mitted ' only when the accused failed to
deposit the money at all. Thejacfwas,
continued Mr. Collins, that all these sums
had been deposited by the accused long
before his arrest and indictment.
It was contended further that , the In
dictment charging Dimmick with embez
zling $30,000 was void, because it did not
state the kind of money and because It
did not lay the venue, that is, it did not
state that the crime was committed in tho
Northern District of California or- any
where else.
Mr. Denson replied briefly, and the mat-'
ter was taken under advisement.
denied by Judge de' Haven, sitting in the
United States District Court.
Wives Charge Crueltv.
Suits for divorce, the grounds being cru
elty, were filed yesterday , by Margaret
Godwin against John H. Godwin and
Flora Podepta s gainst Gulseppi Podepta
Dr. L.. A. Alvey has removed to St. Ann's
Bldg., 6 Eddy St., 3d*flobr, rooms 45-46. •
. John McCann, the young hoodlum who
assaulted Mrs. Sanchez on Bernal Heights
two months ago, was sentenced to fortv
days' imprisonment in the County Jail bv
Judge Dunne yesterday, and Wong Ah
Lim.-a Chine33, who assaulted a fellow
Celestial with a hatchet, was sent io the
same jail for two years.
Judge Dunne Deals Out Justice.
Start October 3 or 4 and return in December
Full particulars regarding Pan-American Ex
cursion tickets, which cost only $87 for the
round trip, at the Santa Fe office, 641 Market
street. '
Best Time of Year to Go East.
Edward J. Gallagher, alias Yarrow, was
booked at the City Prison yesterday by
Detectives Dinan and Wren on three
charges of burglary. He Is accused of
having broken Into the room of Mrs E
Edgerton, 1206 Stockton street, on Septem
ber 4 and the rooms of two boarders and
stealing a lot of valuable jewelry, which
has been recovered by the detectives
Gallagher is the son of respectable par
ents, but he seems to have decided upon
a criminal career. February 10, 1900, he
was held to answer before the Superior
Court on a charge of grand larceny but
on March 23 the charge was reduced to
petty larceny and he was sent to the
County Jail for three months. March 31
this year, he was held to answer for
breaking into the residence of Slmoi
Donau, 1516 Franklin street, but on July
18 he was acquitted by a jury in Jui^e
Cook's court, although a niece of Donau
positively identified him as the man she
discovered in one of the rooms.
Edward J. Gallagher, AHaa Yarrow,
Is Once More Aires ;ed on
Burglary Charges.
YOUNG MAN" CHOOSES
A CRIMINAL CAREER
Lnder the Spanish regime the Catholic church
was the sole educator of the islands. Priests
were distributed in different parts of the
islands. Where there was no priest there was
a native who taught the children how to read
and. write. Of course, where the priests were
the children received a better education. In the
larger towns, where there were colleges the
young men received splendid educations— medi
cine. la*w, chemistry and all the useful arts and
sciences.
Efforts of the Church.
Father McKlnnon told me that Archbishop
Xozaleda had told him, and there is no reason
to doubt the Archbishop"s word, that he was
the first to urge the Spanish authorities to sur
render after Dewey fought the battle of Manila
Bay. Father McKinnon was the first American
to enter Manila during the hostilities, and he
was received most graciously by Archbishop
Nozale.-la. The Spanish priests are loyal to this
country and are doing all In their power to
make the natives respect our laws. The teach
ing of the Catholic church is to "honor th»
King." The priests therefore are obedient to
those who are in authority over them. These
priests were all from Spain, and it Is only
natural that they were loyal to Spain while
they were under that Government, but now
that Americana are ruling the country they are
loyal to the ' United States.
Archbishop Chappelle is now at Rome making
a report of his observations in the Philippines.
I cannot say what changes or reforms he will
suggest. I often met Archbishop Nozaleda, his
predecessor, who was the head of the church
during the war. I do not know whether he ever
made the statement that the American troops
Would abuse the women of Manila should the
town fall into the hands of these invaders,
but If he did I. do not blame him; I will tell
you why. I think that Archbishop Riordan's
actions would be Justifiable, if a Spanish force
attempted to invade San Francisco If he tried
to enthuse the soldiers to resist until their last
drop of blood was shed in defense of their
country.
Archbishop Is Reporting.
Any man of fair and impartial mind could
not fall to be impressed with the work that
the Jesuit order has done m the Philippines.
The Jesuits have magnificent colleges estab
lished there and they have educated the bright
est minds in the island. In Manila they have
a college which is attended by 1S0O pupils.
Men of the brightest intellect who have paid
a visit to this college have never left there
without gaining more knowledge than when
they entered. ' •
..The Jesuits at the college in Manila have an
observatory that has proven so efficient that
it has received the compliments of this Gov
ernment and is, I am almost eure, receiving
a subsidy from Washington. When the Ameri
can Government took possession of the Philip
pines they received from the Jesuits all the
data and statistics of the islands, and they
were all found to be absolutely correct. This
data was forwarded to Washington, was print
ed and is now in book form on file in the de
partments.
That certain orders of the Catholic church
have lost the affection of the natives is -true,
but I will give you the cause. Under the
Spanish regime in many districts the friars
or priests were placed in office as magistrates
as well as spiritual advisers. These priest3
were held responsible to the Spanish Govern
ernment for the good order of the district they
lived in. The ¦ feeblest mind can understand
that when a priest had to act as disciplinarian
and administer justice and sometimes punish
it would naturally follow that the affection
that should be held for him by the natives
would be obliterated.
If you take a plant and attempt to force its
growth you stand in danger of killing it. The
same situation confronts the church in the
Philippines. The priests have gone very slow,
but they have -worked faithfully to educate
these savages. The Filipino is a savage and
will be one tor hundreds of years .to come.
The Situation in the Islands.
A fair way to look at any work is by re
sults. The ' natives of the Philippines are the
most civilized and advanced race of savages
in the Orient. The Chinese have been pouring
into the islands tor hundreds of years, yet the
Fiiipino race has still been preserved. The
Catholic church first took a foothold in the
Philippine Islands about £00 years ago. Since
that time she- has slowly but surely educated
the Filipino race. Their work may appear
slow, but then, on the other hand,' it has been
sure.
In an interview last evening he said:
Persistent rumors have been circulated
at different times to the effect" that the
friars, and in fact the whole Catholic
church in the Philippines, were guilty of
various off enses.' -The question became so
serious that Bishop Potter took the stand
that the entire property owned by the
Catholic church in the Philippines should
be confiscated. President HcKinley was
requested to look into the charges, and
he with cool and fair judgment referred
tho matter to the Philippine Commission.
The controversy is not yet settled and the
views of General James Smith, now at
the California Hotel, will be of interest.
General Smith was a resident of •the'Phil
ippines for over three years and is in a
r<-sition to know- the true state of affairs.
He boldly champions the cause of the
Cfctholic church.
The executive committee is composed of
Mayor Phelan. W. Greer Harrison, Ra
phael Weill, W. H. Alford, J. S. Rosen
baum. Supervisors Wilson. Connor, Bran
denstein and Sanderson; Rolla V. ¦ Watt
F. W. Dohrmann. A. A. Watkins, D. J
O'Leary. Andrea Sbarboro. Truxton Beale
W. W. Montaeue, E. B. Pond, B. J Ca
hill, General Warfield. Charles Bundschu,
W. H. Jordan, Julius Rosenstirn, H. J
Crocker. Irving M. Scott, Dr. Clinton and
II. E. Stover.
Resolved, That In response to' the general
sentiment of the community, the McKinley
memorial committee hereby resolves Itself into
a committee for the purpose of erecting a mon
ument in honor of our. martyred President; that
we agree to render any service in this behalf
when called upon, and that the executive com
mittee of this body be instructed with full
power to collect and receive funds for such
purpose and erect in the city of San Francisco
a suitable monument to commemorate the vir
tues and patriotism of William McKinley lat«
President of the United States.
After a discussion in which the project
mot with the hearty favor and the prom
ised co-operation of the members of the
committee the following resolution was
adopted:
Committee Adopts Resolution.
That our citizens desire to raise some testi
monial expressive of their love of William Mc-
Kinley, the man, and President McKinley, the
martyr, there is no doubt, and I ask this com
mittee to take such action as it may deem
proper.
It has been suggested that in one of the
oval spaces of Union square, as you approach
it from the corner of Geary and Stockton, for
instance, a sitting or a standing monument
be erected to him which will harmoniously
blend with the navy monument in the center,
thus associating his administration and the
achievements of our .navy, particularly In the
Pacific; and it -has also been suggested, as a
new and original idea, to erect a monument of
granite and bronze— a column,*- group or a
tower — on or near the shores of the Pacific,
in or at the termination of the Park, looking
out upon our distant possessions, Hawaii < and
the Philippines, which have fallen into our
hands directly or indirectly as the result of the
war, and all under his administration. . San
Francisco is in a particularly favorable posi
tion in this respect, having the shores of the
great ocean, the Pacific, which will be indeli
bly associated with the name of McKinley. so
far as American history is concerned, within
its own proper confines.
Suggests Location for Monument.
Our citizens have provided a monument in
honor of "the American navy in- commemora
tion of Admiral Dewey's victory at" Manila
Bay," for which the contract has been' let and
which will stand in the center or Union square.
A contract is about to be let within the next
few weeks out of the surplus of the fund raised
to receive and honor the troops who returned
from the Philippines, especially the First Cal
ifornia, for the construction of a monument
on whese base will be inscribed the names
of the men who enlisted in this State
and gave up their lives gloriously, at the call
of the President, to their country..
Now, we have the sad yet loving duty of pro
viding a permanent memorial to the President,
the glory of whose administration was the
achievement of victories by land and sea, which
lifted the American name to honor and re
spect among the nations of the world.'
Gentlemen: It was suggested that- after wo
had penormed our willing labors in providing
for tntj memorial services we stiouid meet as
an executive committee to erect a permanent
memorial in commemoration ot the virtues and
patriotism of our martyr i'reslaent. No time
is more fitting for mid work than the pres
ent, when the people desire to give tangible ex
pression to tneir sympathy and love for a great
and good man and to hold up his example to
after generations.
Mayor Ph.elan Urges Action.
The executive committee of the Citizens'
Committee of One Hundred, which had in
charge the memorial exercises in honor
of the late President, met yesterday morn
ins in the Mayor's office. The committee
decided to effect permanent organization
for the purpose, of erecting a monument
in commemoration of the martyred chic-r.
The monument will be erected either in
Linon Square or on the shores of the l'a
c-fic Ocean, the precise location to be se
lected later. . •
It is intended to raise the sum of *25,CO3
by popular subscription, but the commit
tee is of the opinion that the public will
bo so eager to subscribe for such a tesci
mcriaJ 10 one who was universally be
loved by the people that the amount will
bo auuuieu. Iviayor Pneian subscrioed tho
sum of $1000 . immediately and ; (Jiaus
Spreckels donated a litce amount. Rapnaei
\veiil subscriDeu $5lW. The newspapeis
win be asuesa 10 6pen subscription uses.
In calling the meeting to order Mayor
Pnelan ouuinea the intentions of the com
mittee in tne roliowing remarks:
Archbishop -Nozaleda -First
;, . to Advise*Surrender to-
Admiral Dewey.
Raised by Popular
Subscription.
Necessary Money Is to Be
Defends Catholic Church
and Jesuit Order in -
,. Manila.
The Committee Hopes to
Erect a- Permanent
Memorial.
SMITH ANSWERS
BISHOP POTTER
CITIZENS START
MONUMENT FUND
George D. Collins, counsel for "Walter N.
DImmick. made a desperate effort yester
day to quash the indictments against his
client. Mr. Collins did not allow a point
to escape him In his hour's argument, but
his. motion to quash was peremptorily
Judgo de Haven Denies- the
Motion to Quash and
Hears Demurrers.
His Counsel Attacks the
Indictments as f
Illegal. -
DIMMICK MAKES
TECHNICAL FIGHT
22
EXIEBT OPTICIAN.
,* • f 4.4. ~ + 5w« +f\
We call special attention .to
the following lines of Goods
which we will place on sale
MONDAY, September 23d, all
of which will be found to be
exceptional values.
GENTS' NECKWEAR.
2 cases GENTS 1 NECKWEAR, in TecRs, imperials,
Bows, Scarfs and. Four-ln-Hands. These are all new
stales and colorings, and are in dark, medium and
UgM shades. _ _ ,
Prices 25c to 75c Each.
HANDKERCHIEFS.
We have Just opened a large importation of LADIES'
AND MEN'S FINE LINEN CAMBRIC HANDKER-
CHIEFS, fieautifullu hemstitched, in Quarter, half
and one Inch hems. These Handkerchiefs ara from
the factopu of Richardson Sons & Owden, Belfast,
. Ireland.
Prices $1.75 to $9.00 Dozen.
LADIES' SKIRTS.
3 Cases MERCERIZED MOREEN SKIRTS, with deep
accordeon-pleated flounces, in all the leading
colorings j also Blacks. These Skirts were made to
our order and will he sold at
. $3.75 Each.
GLOVES.
We are sole agents for the Celebrated REYNIER
glove, and have Just opened up a vepu large con-
signment in the latest shades— Doth Glace and Suede.
FEATHER BOAS.
15'Dozen.NEW FEATHER BOAS, In White, Black,
Gray and Natural, U to 2 uards In length, Yeru
fine Qualities.
111. 113. 115' 117. 119. 121 POST STREET.
Every Call subscriber is en-
titled to a copy, of this fine
book at the premium price of
$1.50. None but CALL read-
ers are entitled to the Atlas.
Another carload of Call
Premium Atlases left Chicago
Thursday, September 12. They
¦will arrive in this city, and be
ready for distribution about
September 23.-
CALL ATLASES
WILL SOON BE
READY FOR ALL
NEW WESTERN HOTEL,
KEARNY AND WASHINGTON ST3.-RE-
modeled and renovated. KING. WARD *
CO. European plan. ' Rooms. 50c to Jl SO day;
Jj to 33 week: $8 to $20 month. . Free baths: hoc
and cold water every room; fire crates la tvtry
room; elevator mas all oUbt. .
DR. G. E. SUSSDORFF,
Late Superintendent Physician City
and County Hospital.
MENTAL. AND NERVOUS DISEASE*.
SPECIFIC TREATMENT
For 1JQUOR and MORPHINE HABIT3.
Twenty Years' Experience.
Patients may be treated at home or prl-
. vate sanitarium. OfBca Glasgow Building.
105 Ellis st., near Powell. Hours, 10 to U
i «. m., 2 to 4 p. m.
CUT THIS OUT.
(Opposite Hibernia Bank), San Francisco, Cal.
See City Directory for Eye Specialists.
Persons ordering glasses by mall should state
their age, also whether glasses are wanted for
reading or distance, or both, and what price.
107!£ Market Street
Consultation. Examination and Advice Free.
Telephone South 572. Open Evenings Until 9.
German Eyewater, 50c.
1O71^ market Street
(Opposite Hibernia Bank).
MR. GEORGE MAYERLE
GERMAN EXPERT OPTICIAN
Mayerle's Glasses.
Highest U. S. Army
Navy and' .Government Officials are Using
MR. GEO. MAYERLE, German Expert Op-
tician, 1071 V£ Market St., San Francisco, Cal.:
Agreeable to promise that -after two years' use
of the glasses you fitted to my sight I would
tell you what I thought of them, I take pleas-
ure in writing I have never had so much com-
fort in the use of glasses as I had with those
procured from you. .Their use has demonstrated
that they restored normal sight, and I add
further that the dally use of them for many
hours by day and by night has not produced
any strain on the eyes, such as I experienced
with other glasses/ Respectfully,
, ERNEST C. STOCK.
SAN FRANCISCO. March 4, 1901.
("S. F. Call.")
FRATERNAL. KDITOR OF THE SAN FRAN-
Cisco Dally Call, whose career as Journalist
in San Francisco for more than .thirty years
has been marked with brilliant success, after
using Mayerle's glasses for nearly four years
highly appreciates their superiority, and sends
the followins testimonial:
Fpom Mr. Ernest C. Stock,
HIGH PRAISE
Choosing from a stock as
large as ours is both difficult*
end pleasing. Evsry iasto,
ev2ry purse fitted.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Nevzr in our successful
history have we prsparsd so
largely end so well for your
winter needs as this season. '
ADVERTISEMENTS.
A procession of buyers greets our First Winter
Announcement, and many and many were th,» kind
expressions heard, touching upon the beauty of our
Winter Fashions and the large variety of " 'em."
Wt'JI just quote a few special items priced ex-
ceptionally low, considering the high grade of
merchandise handled by us.
•I"!"!**."*-* I" www wvv w wvvw vwvvv vvv'J"! 11 ! 1 *I*'l"l*vvv v*I**!*'I"I* 'I"I"I"I*
f' <(f4^ *^\ ) Special of Unusual Merit,
f0^\y fijiiSJ /SS^jv'y Tk e tW0 Coats which we picture op-*
H* <»*£±if <=i— v i *§§2# 1 P° site > made 0* high-class fabrics/
SR Pj?2*>j IJ^g Vf *r?*\ 1 those very swell Scotches, yoke front
Iji -»F» y^ _; / |P^g \\ %.} V and back, and the same idea without the
if 1 r^ > Tk^^: :^'"i& C 7f rjr 'ril - voke - The introduction of imported
J'y^^NfjR I - fabrics int0 Yoke Coats for Iittle ch ?P s
*sJ^ ) \ T^Mi ml 1S a " ew e P arture » but we're aiming
""¦^p \ yt-t'wfiiX \ Y$ constant b' to' get up something differ-
V V f=Si^"T^' \ ent ' sornet1nm S swell, something smart,
n l\ vIUtoNp -s and , tnese t wo Coats exemplify it.
//' \,X'*''' : $ ['''¦ I! They're for lads from 6 to 16 years.
It \\M/ : '$ II they're lined exquisitely, and it's im-
VI J Wi'"i ¥y\ . r 1 possible to imagine handsomer tailored
\ ; <yj"/ \wSr'£J ' & arments - - •
WJ$J \ \y^$r^ f ai } cv Scotches are not to your
1 ¥$}'< liking in Overcoats, while they're re-
W +: ; ill/ markably swell, yet the same idea in that
p l/'f, I I ''j very pretty Oxford Gray, which is so re-
fi • v If ' fi n€<^ an d dressy.
fe '¦>/, I f The same idea in those pretty Eng-
'jjff {'/¦; I (i lish Covert Cloths in the new'shades —
%L VJf I gy ' '•¦« f*^"^ nile green, tan and mode.
fy> '/¦'' JW - HI They're examples of high-class tailor-
"W£&*~^ &'\ fe^»r>, n^ an<^ a r ' ntsr Coat that will make
EjT -t=r^_ j%fl^=»^^B> your chap look real smart. These at
THE FADMERE^
Ssi\jl^A?l^< .P. .-*v V2,,^7^^^L\ /.j The. Coat illus-
V' a(\ \ Fl5§bfl&*T« iV^^I !~STs2sWb trated ° n the side
¦ml- 1 H P W--P -^ §2W ¦ for men is what €
mfyi/f- f // ' yV<l ' f^rf' consider one of the
ViiW I ' '^ f\ A prettiest of winter
i§ v^jDIM SllttfiHP- armentSj made
mi > 11^''* \ it i Just as you see lt;
X '^^j^:m^MM^c^m long and made
/X Wm i Oxford Cheviot in
tfA IvifJ f- .' \ a pretty shade of
/ifl \W& ; i steel gray ' a re ~
'MW'Jii iioP' - markably /swell
iaWA ] ; Coat, remarkably
'hMl-'. "'Bill ¦ \ smart;-: in..-, appear-:]
WnM '¦ fe^S: ' \i ance, particularly
WMfi , i®/ :v 3 : dress >V an d made
HrH 1 tW/ l ' r with'.e ve f.y. new
J pl ¦lllp ' ¦' kink/ known, .to
I Ifi. Hip high'-xiass '¦' tailor-
/ IK' \lml [ ' ~i n g'»" a garment,
/ w, 'U wnf' were" you taxed i
it I'.' wii'' 2O or itf y° n I
Mi- Wtfj would be. paying;
11 1; lS| about the right
' M^Tfr^^^^^ second floor, at
We're King Pins
LONQKOTE, on Overcoats.
Knee-irOUSer A P«tty selection of all-wool Tweed added SrtPrml at
SnPrJ^I to these - Those English Corduroy Knee %Xr!r>T
opeLicii .... Trousers, ages 4 to 14 years, 75c. Trousers 39 C
•H-MTT'TT! ¦! ¦!¦ :¦ <H-K-H- 4-J-W-V4- -H-H-K- •I-H-:-!":- .H-H-K- •M-H-i- -K-M*
MTfTff iW V / ¦ Hi The illustration on the side brings to
rli/nMil vour kind notice two very smart j?ar-
*'/ /^ rtr^l&ii%L~— wAkVK I e su ' t w ' 1^ vest ' s ma de from that
¦**- {jwirHuP txW^^VS aI smart R o>al Blue Serge, a fabric never
V^; ~7_ Xw3&Jrt^*' r^"~"| excelled for durability or dressiness, and
" V j,j ff/^Azr .11 V_ if \ tailored in a fashion leavincr nothing:
j-if ITjL } wan *ing whatever; fit little chaos
between the ages of 9 and 15 years.
' /\ WV\ r < iV// 7\ Special at
V %-j » • $*%^J •Sid" \T |§ The double-breasted Suit you note in
V t? I * /[\ {K 4 the picture is also made from the Royal
jvsaK^a J L _J i \'_^gL Blue Serge, built with the . broad, ex-
JjELyfrSuitf Jr IT A 1 tended shoulders, which impart such a
IT *T~ I'v \ ji 1 I ,f 1 ill smart air to the suit, and tailored in an
/"# *i l \\ Jf \ £l exquisite fashion, and of course the
. 1 1 j# 1 1 if \ "1 durability of a Royal .Blue Serge is
' // >a \JLj V^ j known to every one. Made of double
53/ |3 bjB KWjj and twist worsted yarn, and no such
|H M R|M P'jB thing is ever known as the color fading:
£¥ af Kf Va to fit chaps between the ages of 8 and
j$l . 8 yf \jj| 15 years. Special at
•H"H-i-> *X"I 1 v i I'v -S—2--I-I--I— 3- •I-I-I-I-K- -H-I-H"! 1 •M-H-K* •H"H"I"fr 'H-M"fr 'I-M-I-
We have catalogued our # r > One of our great hobbies f
Winter Fashions: that\ \ is Overcoats, and every \
cxtalotue is yours for thz \ X so . rb . °f an Overcoat, for the \
y . ~ * « > thtiest tot andu for that tot's >
4?rMC©i$©«ATCi> ¦ ' LfNibN'sS&cAvt' ¦
Ready for Winter in Every Department.;
IT PAYS TO ADVERTISE A
GOOD THING,
Provided th< GOOD THING is not
all contained in the advertisement.
STUDEBAKER Vehicles have stood
the test in California for fifty years.
STUDEBAKFR
RftOS.fOMPANY
Market and Tenth Sts.
THE J. NOONAN FURMTUHE CO., Inc.
DINING TABLES.
Just received a full line of beautiful,
selected, quarter-sawed, golden finish,
highly polished Oak Dining Tables. In
the very newest patterns; all styles;
all prices; 6, 8 and 10 feet, with elegant
pedestal or carved legs. We furnish
your house complete. Carpets, lin-
oleum, matting, rugs. etc. All at bot-
tom prices. Try us and see.
THE J. NOONAN FURNITURE COMPANY
(Incorporated).
IOI7-IO23 MISSION STREET,
Above Sixth. San Francisco.
\7« close at 6 p. m. every day bat Saturday.
Is a game in which a number of persons standing //
behind a sheet are recognized by their* shoes. /
There is so much difference in shoes that it is '.very .7
easy to identify some people in this way. There is |
so much difference/ in the shoes we carry in our f
$3.50 DEPARTMENT and all other $3:50 footwear '
that it is easy to recognize the distinctly superior,
quality. It is easy to see that they fit * perfectly,
are well and carefully made, and have that ''smart"
effect which other $3.50 shoes try in yain to attain. |.
We keep, in this department, all fractional sizes and I
all the new shapes and materials. /Soldiers of France March Past the Czar
on Plain of Bethany and Emperor and
President Pledge the Nations to Peace
THOUSANDS FOLLOW THOUSANDS
IN DAZZLING MARTIAL ARRAY
TO HONOR RULER OF RUSSIA
SAN FRANCISCO'S CHAMBER OF COMMERCE FORMALLY EXCLUDES TEH EXAMINER
FROM ITS ROOMS AND ADMINISTERS A SCATHING REBUKE TO THAT JOURNAL
(Dounsel, District Attorney and a Noted Alien
ist Have a Conference With Czolgosz
and the Prisoner's Sanity Is Found Intact
FORMER STATE SUPREME JUDGES
ACCEPT ASSIGNMENT TO DEFEND
ASSASSIN OF THE PRESIDENT
J/f /^ HERE AS, The Examiner, a daily newspaper of San Francisco, caricatured and ex
y y posed to the hatred and contempt of mankind the late President, William McKinley, dur
. . ing his most useful lifetime, and afterward affected sympathy during his sickness, and to
lament his tragic death; therefore the Chamber of Commerce of San Francisco has
Resolved, That the freedom of the press, ¦while always allowing fair criticism to public, men
and their official actions, should not be permitted to cover vile attacks, willful ¦misrepresen
tations and indecent caricatures ; and therefore be it
Resolved, That we hereby most emphatically disapprove and condemn the said action of the
Examiner; and be it further ; •
¦ Resolved, That the secretary of the Chamber of Commerce of San Francisco be and he is
hereby instructed to exclude the Examiner from the rooms of the chamber and to refrain from fur
nishing news to the Examiner or any of its reporters. . ¦. ¦. . E. SCOTT, Secretary. .
CONDEMNS THE EXAMINER
AND BARS ITS ENTRANCE
TWO PROMINENT MEMBERS OF THE BUFFALO BAR WHO WERE
APPOINTED. ACCORDING TO A LEGAL REQUIREMENT. TO AP
PEAR AS ATTORNEYS FOR THE DEFENSE OF CZOLGOSZ.
Continued on Page Twenty-Sflvta,
HAB.BISBURG, Pa., Sept. 2L—Resolu
tions bitterly condemning the Rev. Dr.
Ellas W. Swallow of this city for an at
tack on the late President McKinley in
a recent Issue of the Pennsylvania Meth
odlrl, of which he Is editor, were adopted
at a public meeting held to-night, attend
ed by 100 persons/ under the auspices of
the McKinley Veteran Patriotic League
of Da.uphin County-
Resolutions Condemn Clergyman.
¦• The. trapshootlng. tournaments under;the
direction of Olympic Gun Club 1 and -Union
GuiiiClub, 1 - which" were.- postponed 1 because
of "the'Presldent's death.iwiir be .held to
day.' at Ingleside grounds. "V This meet
ing iwill mark . the .close 'of ithe/ season Vat
the traps. * The Olympic will smash blue
rocks, while the'-' :> Union : Club > men 1 -will
shoot- at N live ; birds*.' ,The of .'the
Olympic Club card will be a 100-blrd record
race, 1 .: . ; '"—" '.'¦' .-.'• "::— - .¦;——¦ - ->^
Trapshooters at, Ingleside.
Yellow journals of the sensational, an
archistic type are banished from nearly
all . of the social clubs of ' San Francisco:
Official action • to<\ exclude the'. Examiner
has been taken by the University, Mer
chants', Cosmos, Concordlaand San Fran
cisco Clubs and the San Francisco .Verelh:
The . Burllngame | Club ¦ of . Sari ; Mateo ; has
taken similar action. I ;/ Propositions to ; ex
clude the paper are pending in the Pacific^
Union, Bohemian and Union League clubs.
loyal San Francisco a new and impressive
chapter. " • ; " ' ; .'¦' ¦ • - ''¦:
Chief Surgeon Bunnellof the Emergency
Hospital has made several changes
in the "staff of his subordinates. Mrs.
Annie j Andrew, . formerly . stationed at the
General Emergency Hospital, was trans
ferred to the Harbor Hospital, and, Miss
Brown was transferred to the insane de
partment at the City Hall. Mrs. E. Bwtet,
who has been in charge of the insane de
partment, was transferred to her original
position in the Emergency Hospital.
Driver Martin iWalsh • exchanged places
with Tracy at the Harbor Hospital. ' '
Surgeon Bunnell Makes Changes.
Policeman John' Kelly died . at St. Mary's
Hospital yesterday. He was attached tp
Captain John Spillane's division five years.
Kelly, acttag under the advice of his
physician, intended. taking a. vacation for
the benefit of his health, which com
menced : to -break down about five months
ago. So conscientioua was he that he
asked for leave without pay. This i was
granted him, but. instead of going to the
interior he went to the hospital, where he
died. His ailment was diabetes. ! He was
an unmarried man. He resided with hla
sister at 3345 Eighteenth street.
Policeman John Kelly Dead.
YUBA : . CITY,. Sept. 21.— There was an
enthusiastic : meeting in the Courthouse
to-day, farmers from all sections ; of tli«
county gathering to elect delegates to the
Sacramento convention. Those chosen
were": Louis Tarke, H. Luther, B.' F. Wal
ton, J. C " Gray. William Humphrey, W.'
G. Dewitt, »Tj L. Smith, A. Graffls, L. D.
Nash and S. H. Pipln. . ', : .
• MODESTO, Sept. 21.--At a. meeting of
the farmers of Stanislaus County to-day
the following were elected delegates to the
convention of grain" growers at Sacra
mento: C. N. Whitmore, J. S. Wootten,
Fred Bartch, Willis Bledsoe and George
W. Schell. *.'¦':? , ' - . ¦ ; •
WOODLAND;. Sept. 2L-A .number.', of
Yolo 'County farmers met in Judge Gad
dis'. chambers this afternoon and selected
delegates to the Farmers' Convention to
be held in Sacramento. The following ap
pointments were announced: G. A. Pierce,
Clarence Day, P. . T. Laugenour, Joe
Craig, W. S.Wright, J. P. Marsh, W. W.
Nelson, Henry Oeste, Robert Bobson and
J. R. Jones. During the discussion several
speakers took occasion to sharply criticize
the attitude of Governor Gage.
The delegates selected are: W. F. Bry
an, Y. O.Yost, N. ', Lauridson, E. B. 1 Moore,
Daniel. Donahue,. George McConnell, Wil
liam; Mitchell, Paul Sims, A. E.Leimbach
and J Thomas Stevenson. The ' chairman
was added to the list as ex offldo member.
y Gage.
SACRAMENTO, Sept. 21.— The Sacra
mento County Wheat Growers met in the
Superior Court room this afternoon toelect
delegates to the State convention of grain
men, to be held In this city on Wednesday
next. | The attendance was small, most of
the wheat men being out to look after
their wheat, In view of the threatened
rain. The crop is' for the most part in
sacks *n the •river banks. K. H. Bryan of
Oakland was elected chairman of the
meeting and David Reese secretary.
cize the Attitude of Governor
Speakers in Woodland Sharply Criti-
WHEAT-GROWERS NAME
. ! CONVENTION DELEGATES
Miles of the Soldiery.
. The spectable before the Czar 'was one*
of. the most imposing ever .witnessed.
The Czar followed the carriages. He
first rode around the maneuver grounds
and inspected the Immense army, and
then ascended the dais and took a seat
with Mme. Loubet on his left. Then the
Czarina seated . herself, with M. Loubet
on her left. The Czar wore the uniform
of a colonel of the Prevbrakenski regi
ment of the Guard. " President Loubet
wore evening dress, with the Grand Cor
don of the Order of St. Andrew. The
Czarina was dressed in black. . Mme.
Loubet .wore a light blue dress. Behind
them,, closely .packed on -benches in the
pavilion, were the,, officers of the Czar's
fleet and * French "generals "and* admirals
In- gala" uniforms, glittering with various
insisniaa and decorations.
The guard. of honor at the pavilion was
chosen from troops who have returned
from the- Chinese expedition. Prominent
among them was a company of turbaned
zouaves in their picturesque uniforms.
The pavilion of honor, which faced the
plain on the south side, was covered with
an awning of red and white stripes. The
interior was hung with purple velvet with
gold embroidery and was adorned with
military devices of swords and bayonets,
while breastplates were fixed on the out
side walls. "A dais jutted out in the cen
ter of the pavilion, on which the Czar,
the Czarina, President Loubet, M. Des
chanel. President of the Chamber of Dep
uties, and M. Fallieres, President of th8
Senate, and their wives took seats. The
whole wa3 profusely decorated with flags,
and the French tricolor and the Russian
standard waved from masts at either end.
A small area In front of the pavilion was
converted into a sort of tropical garden,
planted with palms and flowers. There
were four heavy cannon at each corner
of the garden; with their muzzle3 pointed
upward, as though defending the dais.
Immense stands covered with bunting
were situated at the side of the position
of honor and ten Invited guests witnessed
the review therefrom.
BETHANY, Sept. 21.-The plain cf
Bethany is about six miles wide and two
miles deep,- and is surrounded by rising;
ground which forms a sort of amphithea
ter of pasture.' and woodland. This was
taken as a coign of vantage by a great
concourse of the general public, who thus
dominated the review' ground, though,
from a considerable distance.
paralleled Magnificence.
B«view of the Great Army of Un-
RARE MARTIAL SPECTACLE.
p.AV JOSE, Sept 2L— San Jose Council
ef th© National Union, composed of the
most prominent men in the Garden City,
entertained this evening more than 100
visitors, members of the several councils
In San Francisco. The visitors arrived on
the 6:30 o'clock train in special cars and
•were met at the station and conducted to
the council rooms. The crack degree team
of California Council was with them and
gave an exemplification of the amplified
degree- A banquet followed In the St.
James Hotel. Judge M. H. Hyland acted
as toastmaster, and responses were made
by Jackson Hatch. G. D. Worswlck. C
M. Wooster and . W. G. Hawley of San
Jose, and J. W. Cuthbert. J. E. Fields
and W. A. S. Nicholson of San Francisco.
ffon Jose Council of the National
Union Is Host at a
Bs.TKiu.et.
BUFFALO. Sept. 2L— Leon F. Czol
gosz, whose trial for the assas
sination of President McKinley
will begin next Monday, "was ex
amined as to his sanity or in
sanity for one hour this afternoon by Dr.
Carlos F. McDonald of New York, the
eminent physician, who was for years the
chairman of the State Board of Lunacy
Commissioners. The prisoner's counsel,
former Justices Loran L. Lewis and Rob
ert C. Titus, were present at different
times during the examination. At its close
Dr. McDonald declined to discuss the case,
and the attorneys would not express their
opinion as to the assassin's mental con
dition, although the inference drawn
from their answers was that they believed
CzolgoEZ to be cane.
Dr. McDonald was brought to Buffalo
through -the efforts of President Moot
and other members of the Erie County
Bar Association for the purpose of pass
ing upon . the murderer's sanity, as the
association has promised to assist former
State Supreme Judges Lewis and Titus,
who were suggested as counsel for the
defense by the trustees of the Bar Asso
.clatlon.
* The examination was held in the pri
vate office of District Attorney Penney,
In the City and County Hall, and prepar
ations for It -were kept secret. .Lewis and
Titus appeared at the City Hall a few
minutes past 3 o'clock and went at once
Into the District Attorney's private office.
ENTERTAINS VISITORS
FBOM SAIT FRANCISCO
NEW YORK, Sept. 2L— The officials of
the Peary Arctic Club deny the published
statement that Surgeon T. S. Dedrick was
put ashore from the steamer Erik at Etah
on August 27. On the -contrary, it is said
that Dedrick left the Erik against the
orders and wishes of Peary, Secretary
Brldgcman of the Peary Club,
Wickoff and Dr. Cook. It is asserted that
Dedrick declined to return south on. the
Erik, resisting every argument of the club,
the surgeon and other members of the ex
pedition. He Insisted on remaining with
the Eskimos, in . spite of Dr. Cook's
warning, that .to remain in the Arctic
might be attended ¦with serious results. to
him, particularly In regard to. his mental
condition, _ _
Dedrick Not Put Ashore.
SEATTLE, Sept 21.— Californlans who
are making their homes in Manila gave
a reception and banquet to Representative
Julius Kahn of Calif ornla on August 1L
Hotel Metropole was the scene of the fes
tivities, and according to Oriental advices
nothing was left undone to make the oc
casion an honor to the Native Sons. Many
distinguished leaders, both military and
civil, were present." .
Congressman From the
Fourth.
REPRESENTATIVE KAHN
GUEST AT A BANQUET
Calif ornians in Manila Entertain, the
At 4:35 o'clock Czolgosz was taken back
to the jail via the tunnel, handcuffed to
Detective Solomon.
"He is talking more freely* but he is not
a voluble chap. He said nothing upon
which we might work in basing; a de
fense."
When questioned as to whether or not
the. prisoner would talk to his counsel, as
he had refused when Lewis visited him
on Tuesday before the arraignment to say
a word, the venerable ex- Judge said: v
They remained alone for exactly a half
hour, when the prisoner's attorneys again
entered the room. Five minutes later
they came out, and Lewis left to catch
the train for his summer home at Lewis
ton.
The prisoner sat at the end of the Dis
trict Attorney's desk and Dr. McDonald
sat in a chair directly in front of him,
stooping down and peering into Czol
gosz's face.
At 3:25 Czolgosz was brought into the of
fice, handcuffed to Assistant Superintend
ent Cusack of the Police Department.
He had been taken through the tunnel
under Delaware avenue. The prisoner
was left alone with Judges Lewis and
Titus.
• At 3:40 o'clock Dr. McDonald appeared
in the District Attorney's office and went
at once into the private office with Pen
ney. Ten minutes later the two lawyers
and the District Attorney came out, leav
ing 'Dr. McDonald alone with the pris
oner.
The Alden Club, I. S. S., will hold an
international day next Saturday, com
mencing at 2 o'clock, at Century Hall,
1213 Sutter street. The proceeds will be
devoted to philanthropic work. A farce,
"Place Aux Dames," under the direction
of William Wallace, will be presented, fol
lowed by a reception and music by the
Fachutar mandolin orchestra. The cast
of the farce will be as follows: Juliette,
Miss Josephine Chapman; Ophelia, Miss
Dollie Chapman; Lady ' Macbeth, Miss
Mary Inglis; Portia, Miss Lillian Quinn.
The Alden Club, I. S. S., is composed of
the following named:
Members— Miss Mabel Adams Ayer (presi
dent). Misses Abbie Edwards, Elizabeth Ed
wards, May W. Merton, Jennie McFarland.
Florence Benjamin, Lannla Giestlng, Nettie
Sexton. Alice May, Jessica Blake.. Grace Whit
ney. Olivia Nerden, Miss Pedlar, Edna Spinney.
Meta- Stofen, Paula Wolff and Marie Dener
vand and Mrs. W. ' H. Jardlhe.
Associate members— Mesdames J. H. Jewett,
G. J. Bucknall, A. G. Booth, J. F. -Merrill,
Ella M. Sexton. Josephine de Greayer, A. B.
Pratt and Washington Ayer. .... y ,.. ¦• ,-,
Honorary members— Judge R. B. Carpenter
and Alfred Holman.
Alden Club Arranges Entertaining
Programme for Next Saturday
Afternoon.
LADIES PREPARE TO GIVE
AN INTERESTING FARCE
Monsieur le "Presidente:"*" At the moment "of
leaving France, where we have again received
so' cordial and warm ¦ a welcome, . I . desire to
express .to ; you our sincere' gratitude and ' the
' The Russian" anthem was then ; played,
and the Czar in a clear voice read his re
ply: as follows: ~
If 'none may doubt the essentially pacific idea
from which -it 'arose no more can any one fall
to perceive that it has contributed powerfully
to the maintenance of the balance between the
forces of Europe, a necessary condition of
peace, which, to be fruitful, could not remain
precarious. It has . developed , with the years,
and the questions which have arisen have
found it watchful and resolute, •reconciling its
own interests with the general interests of the
world. ; It is moderate because it is strong, and
is won over, in .advance to settlements which
are ; inspired ; by Justice - and humanity. The
good which it has done i3 a pledge that it will
do still more, and it is on that full confidence
that. % ' after paylnsr * pious ¦_ tribute .to . the mem
ory of the noble founder of the work, of which
this day is, a magnificent consecration, I raise
my glass to the glory." and ' happiness t of your
Majesty, the happiness of her Majesty and', of
all her family, and. to the greatness and pros
perity of Russia, the friend and ally of France.
Value of the Alliance.
Sir: In thanking your Majesty and her
Majesty the Empress in the name of the
French republic for having- been so eood as
to attend' the cheering spectacles of the last
few days, 1 my thought goes back to the great
political act which preceded them and which
lends them their whole significance. Prepared
and concluded by your august father. Emperor
Alexander III, and President Carnot. and sol
emnly proclaimed on board the Admiral Pot
huau by your Majesty and . President Faure,
the' alliance of Russia and France haa had
time to affirm its character and bear fruit.;
The Sheikhs were attired in the most
brilliant colors— scarlet, blue, browp,
green' and yellow robes, which flowed over
the haunches of their Arab steeds. The
Oriental . . group . formed ! a kaleidoscopic
mass of color of the most brilliant de
scription imaginable and constituted the
most . attractive feature . in ! the entire
, In his "speech at the luncheon which
followed the review, President Loubet
created a sensation by saying in effect
that the I Franco-Russian alliance is
pledged to settlements Inspired by justice
arid humanity. Whether rightly or other
wise, some of his hearers took the re
mark to refer to. affairs. in South Africa.
The full text of M. Loubet' s speech fol
lows: '
Gorgeous Sheikhs in Line.
ETHANY, France. Sept. 21.— The
Czar, the Czarine and President
Loubet to-day reviewed 140,000
____ troops on the plain of Bethany.
The march past lasted from 10:45
a. m. to 1:10 p. m., terminating in a
magnificent charge of 20,000 cavalry. The
spectacle was very imposing, as the in
fantry went by 150 files deep with fixed
bayonets.
¦ The Czar and . Czarina and President
and Mme: Loubet left Compiegne at I
o'clock this morning • and arrived at
Bethany at 10,. o'clock. The Czar on
leaving the station mounted a splendid
bay '..charger, ] handsomely ' caparisoned.
The other members of the party entered
carriages, each drawn by four, artillery
horses. Waiting at the station were
thirty Arab Sheikhs, who had obtained
special ' permission to leave Algeria and
Tunis to attend the review. They gath
ered around the imperial procession as an
escort to the review ground.
strons feeling: which stirs us. We shall ever
retain, ' the Empress and myself, the precious
memory of these few days, so full of Impres
sion- profoundly engraved on our hearts, and
we shall continue both far and near to as
sociate ourselves with all that concerns friend
liness for" France. The. ties which units our
countries? have Just been again affirmed, and
have received fresh confirmation in the mani
festations of mutual sympathy which have *
been so eloquently made here, and have' found
so warm an echo in ' Russia. The Intimate
union of the two great powers, animated by
the most pacific intentions, and who, while
able to make their rights respected, do not
seek to injure in any way the rights of others,
is a precious element of appeasement for the
whole of humanity. I drink to the prosperity
of France, the prosperity of a friendly an-l
allied nation, and to the gallant army and the
splendid fleet of • France. .Let', me repeat all
our thanks and raise- my glass in your honor.
* The "Marseillaise" was played and the)
speech was cheered to the echo.
RULER OF ALL. THE RUSSIAS AND
HIS WIFE, WHO REVIEWED THE
TROOPS.
News of the adoption. of resolutions by
the Ol»amber of Commerce was ¦ received
In the business portions of the city yes
terday ¦with goneral expressions '. of ap
proval and hearty indorsement. The trus
tees of the Chamber o' Commerce; took
pains to ascertain the sentiments- of the
hundreds '<. of . large v business 'houses . that
they represent and then acted in full'ac
cord therewith, adding to the history of
They say. that the public temper is such
that each cf these bodies will adopt meas
ures to set forth reprobation for the'Ex
aminer. Steps will be taken to-morrow
to as=k the directors of the Board of Trade
of San Francisco to act, and this' will be
the first to be called by the business men
to act with tlie Chamber of Commerce. :
Such action upon the part of the board
of trustees of the Chamber of Commerce
of San Francisco requires no comment.
The members ¦ of the ¦ Chamber are " con
nected with other commercial organiza
tions in this city. They have, announced
their intention to introduce ' resolutions
similar to thos 2 adopted by the Chamber
of Commerce before the trustees and di
rectors of the kindred bodies in San Fran
cisco. Among these are the Merchants'
Association, the Manufacturers' and Pro
ducers' Association and the San Francisco
Board of Trade;
The bare statement of the facts, the se
verity of the humiliation which the lead
ing business men of San Francisco have
seen fitting to put upon a jour
nal of great pretensions as an exponent
of public opinion, and the evident earnest
ness which actuated the trustees— more
than all, the enormity of the offense that
is laid at the door of the Examiner in
connection with its actions before and
since the hand of an assassin struck down
the late revered President of the United
States— make up an arraignment which is
impressive.
The board of trustees which has re
buked the Examiner includes the follow
ing in its membership: President. George
A. Newhall; first vice president, Henry V.
Allen; second vice president, William E.
Mignell; Wakefield Baker, E. R. Dimond,
W. J. Dutton. A. B. Field, William L.
Gerstle, William. M. Bunker, C. Osgood
Hooker, George W. McNear Jr., H.
Rosenfeld, A. G. Towne and Charles 'M.
Yates.
Resolved. That the secretary of the Cham
ber of Commerce of San Francisco be and he
hereby is instructed to exclude the Examiner
from the rooms of the chamber and to refrain
from furnishing news to the Examiner or any
of its rer>orters.
We emphatically disapprove and condemn the
eaid action of the Examiner; and be it further
Then the trustees passed over a review
of the true limitations of the liberty of
the press to speak of the Examiner by
name, having mentioned with scorn "vile
attacks, willful misrepresentations and in
decent caricatures" and In their resolu
tions they say:
A daily newspaper of San Francisco carica
tured and exposed to the hatred of and eon :
tempt of mankind the late President William
McKinley during his most useful lifetime, and
afterward affected sympathy during his sick
ness and to lament his tragic death.
At the beginning of * the preamble to
their resolutions the trustees of the
Chamber of Commerce, all representative
men. arraign the Examiner with scathing
words, which they have Judged to be suit
able for the occasion. They say:
¦¦From* this brief statement of the con
stitution of the Chamber of Commerce it
will be inferred that this commercial body
has not taken radical action without rea
son. , Moreover, the causes which have im
pelled its action have been set forth in
formal resolutions, . adopted only after a
discussion sufficiently long to determine
the opinion of each of the gentlemen who
make up the board of trustees as to what
should constitute their fitting, proper and
dignified action in the premises. A set of
resolutions, which is published herewith,
was adopted without a dissenting voice.
The secretary of the chamber, acting
under instructions of his superiors, has
furnished a copy of the resolutions to each
of the daily papers published in San Fran
cisco, with the exception of the Examiner.
The Chamber of Commerce is known
throughout the world. It embraces in its
membership more than 400 great commer
cial houses, the banks and insurance com
panies of San, Francisco, the representa
tives of its vast shipping interests, promi
nent manufactures and leading men in all
walks of commercial and industrial life in
the metropolis of the Pacific Coast.
from its rooms. As an additional
mark of disapproval of the course of the
paper mentioned, it has also voted not to
supply any news to the Examiner or to
any reporters employed by it.
THE Chamber of Commerce of San
Francisco, through its board of
trustees, has instructed its secre
tary to exclude the Examiner
You had not then a friend to stop the
slaver of your hate; but in the name of
a nauseated humanity recoiling at a mon
strous exposure of moral idiocy, have you
none now to stop the slobber of your
fears?
"Bar one, the most despised and
hated creature in the hemisphere; his'
name is hated; his figure burned in
efflgy."
And when he was doing the hardest of
his best, and doing it In such a way as to
enable him to "face the other world with
a quiet, confident hope," such as, you say,
no other great man has .been able wholly
to entertain, you said of him that he was—
• "An obedient jellyfish."
"An abject, weak, futile, incompe
tent poltroon." ¦ i-' ¦
He faced the other world and the other life
with the quiet, confident hope of a man who
had done his best.— New York Journal, Sep
tember .IE* ' ¦ . . ¦'•' ' ., .
Among great men, one bemoaned some plan
left incomplete, another asked for "more
light," another, fretting for the political fu
ture, sighed. "My country, how I leave thee."
Nowhere In the history of great men's lives,
or of great men's deaths, can be found such
resignation' and deep religious faith as marked
the last hours of William McKinley.
NEW YORK, Sept 21.— On the 16th
inst. the New York Press pub
lished a scathing rebuke to Wil
liam R: Hearst, "editor 'and ! pro
prietor of "American Instigators
of Anarchy," as appended:
"Emma Goldman and her teachings
have had their good share In the terrible
deed of Czolgosz, but our yellow press
has to assume its part of the work too;
and it is yet an open question which of
the two parties has to shoulder the great
er responsibility for the crime."
"After this paper had tried to under
mine all respect for authority by all the
means that unscrupulous demagogues
have at their disposal, it is weeping tor
rents of crocodile tears now that its seed
has. produced the disastrous, bloody re
sults.
"The present boundless exaggerations
of its praise, extending over many. pages
of the papeV, furnish the absolute proof
of its insincerity and of the baseness of
its opinion.
"However much this paper Bhared in the
personal insults to our national leaders,
the late Mr. McKinley and Mr. Roosevelt,
it was not at all abashed when the storm
of public indignation had 'broken loose to
glorify Mr. McKinley as the greatest of
the Presidents that the United States has
had.
"Has the Examiner treated ex-President
Cleveland more Justly and decently— the
man who was once the leader of his par
ty, for which this paper pretends to have
a weakness at certain times, although it
long ago abandoned the principles of that
party?
"Has It not pcsed them as brainless
fools in the hands of powerful politicians
for contempt and ridicule here and
abroad? ' • • '< ¦
"Has not that- paper always insinuated
the basest motives for all. the actions of
these men?
"Has not the Examiner for. many
months, andeven years past, by word and
caricature almost dally grossly Insulted
our lamented late President and his suc
cessor? .- ..
... raignment of the Examiner. A
portion of that article is published below
and is as follows: ¦ "
p«T|^HB California Demokrat, thelead-
I ing German paper, of the Pacific
1 Coast, in its principal editorial
UL yesterday, published a stinging- ar-
Demokrat's Editor
Scores the Exam
iner for Its Actions
Press of New York
Gives Advice to
"Red" Journalist
Trustees Instruct Their
Secretary to Make
the Discrimination
ACCUSATIONS
ROUND OUT A
BITTER LIST
"STOP SLOBBER
OF YOUR FEARS,"
EDITOR HEARST
BODY ORDERS
WITHHOLDING
OF ALL NEWS
TV c\c\ ,. r\r\
Pages 23 to 32
SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 22, 1901.Academic Athletic League Games.
UEn.KEL.EY, Sept. 21. — Two cames of
the Academic Athletic League football
series were played to-day. The Berkeley
and Alameda High School elevens met
this morning on the university gridiron
and played a one sided game, the necomt
half closing with a ncore of 22 to 0 In
favor of the former school. The Oakla^l
High School team defeated Peralta by \i
score of 16 to 0.
Berkeley outweighed and outplayed Ala
meda and in each of the. fifteen-minute
halves made two touchdowns and kicked
one goal. Kearns and Mayo, right and
left half respectively, for Berkeley, car
ried the ball through Alameda's linn tor
long gains on many occasions and did
good work throughout the game. Baker.
Alameda's plucky little quarter, kept In
the thick of the struggles and success
fully tackled more opposing men than
any one else in the same. The playlnjf
by both teams was fair. The officials
were as follows:
Referee, E. Mini; umpire. A. Powers:
time keeper. G. C. Brown; Una men. Saelt
zer and Hart.
The fallowing Is the lineup of the teams:
Berkeley. Position. . Alameda.
McCoy Center- Carrlgan
Merritt. Dorn. R. — G.— L. Slmondsona
Lamb '.."....L. — G. — L. ........... Anthor.y
Plummer (Capt.)...R. — T.— L. Reeves
Baldwin L.— T.— R Mitchell
Llnscott R.— End— It.. Eschen, Warren
Lowsle L.— End— R. Jones
Sollnsky Quarter Baker
Ferruson. Patton Full Pratt (Capt.)
Kearns R. — Half — L. Robertson
Mayo L.— Half— R. ..Butler, Weeks
WALTEB TRAVIS BETAINS
THE GOLF CHAMPIONSHIP
ATLANTIC CITY, N. J., Sept. 21.—Wal
ter J. Travis of New York, champion am
ateur golfer of the Unltsd States, again
won the national championship by defeat
ing Walter K. Egan of Chicago to-day on
the links of the Atlantic City Golf Club
at North flohl. near here. Egan played
Kood golf, except toward the end of the
first nine holes this morning, when he be
came a little unsteady. Travis' play wan
also faulty. There were several periods
during the match when he plnyed tar bo
low his usual form, but, being a veteran
of many a golf battle, he recovered more
quickly than did his younger opponent.
The champlon'u strongest point was his
long game, and It was through his good
drives that he was enabled to win. Ho
outdistanced Egan on every drive, except
In two or three instances. Travis' direc
tion was also above that of Egan, tho
latter several times being handicapped In
a drive too far to the right or left. There
was not much to choose between in the
short game of the two men. Taken as a
whole, the work of both on the green was
a little below their top game.
The morning round of eighteen holes
was a much better exhibition of golf than
the afternoon performance. A-t the end
of the first nine holes Egan was one up,
but Travis, by clever play, managed to
make the match all square at the end -of
the morning game.
In the afternooniit soon became evident
that Travis would win. He was two up
at the turn and made four up on the next
two holes. Here the Western youngster
held him for two holes, but on the four
teenth the champion, by excellent golfl,
won.
The card for the morning journey fol
lows:
Travis (out) 4 5 4 5 • 4 7 S «— 44
Ks-an (out) ,. 45646563 6 — (4
Travis (in) 3374452 5 6—40
Egan (In).... ....3 3 6 5 6 4 4 6 6-42
The afternoon card:
Travis (out) 4 5 4 18 5 8 4 5— «
Egan (out) 4555B485 5—49
Travis (in) 3 3 6 4 5
Egan (in) „. 4 4 8 4 8
The meeting of Joe Walcott and Georg
Gardner in the ring at Mechanics' Pavl
ion next Friday night is furnishing foo
for animated discussion among the fa
lowers of boxing.
W'alcott's physical condition and Gard
ner's hand, which he injured in the Car
ter light, form the basis for much of the
discussion. From the manner in which
Tom O'Rourke's boxer has settled down
to work it can safely be said he will be
nt to tight for hi3 life when the gong
sounds. He was in fair condition when
he arrived here ana settled down at once
to strict training. Ho covers ten miles
on the Mann County roads every morn
ing and works for an hour or more each
atternoon in his gymnasium at Larkspur.
The work he is uoing under the direction
of V"oung Mitchell has already commenced
to show.
His eyes shine like diamonds, and he
got'3 through his allotted work as though
ne enjoys u. His breathing apparatus is
in good order. He shows no sign of dis
tress no matter how severe the work may
be in which he is taking part. He haa
been boxing all com<:r3, from heavy
weights to lightweights, accepting what
ever punches they could land ana giving
others in return.
Gardner's only boxing is done with Alex
Greggalns. The latter wears a protecting
shield like that worn by baseball catchers.
This reduces to a minimum any danger
of injury to Gardner's hands. His sprained
thumb is practically as strong as ever.
He punches the bag with as much aban
don as tnough the thumb had never been
Injured.
The disparity in the size of the rival
boxers i§ .remarkable when set down in
black and white. In reality It will not be
so great when they put up their hands In
the ring next Friday night. Gardner is
ten and one-half Inches taller than dusky
Joe, but when he assumes the crouching
attitude of the boxer the disparity dis
appears. Ring followers who have seen
Jeffries in action will remember that when
he crouches his head isi hardly four feet
above the ground. This give3 Walcott
an advantage, as he can stand In a nat
ural position, ready to use either hand
with telling effect.
. In spread of arms from tip to tip Gard
ner has twelve inches the advantage over
Walcott. This is also deceptive, as the
actual "reach" of a boxer is a quality hard
to determine. Gardner has an unusually
long left arm, which- It is difficult to get
under. Walcott haa the arms of a heavy
weight. They are out of all proportion to
the rest of his body and', are smooth and
round, apparently devoid of muscle. This
is deceptive, as the smooth, easy working
muscle is there ready for action.
O'Rourke, Walcotrs mentor, has left
New York for this city. He is due here In
ample time to necond his man In the ringr.
Measurements of the Boxers.
GARDNER. WALCOTT.
6 feet Height 6 ft. IVi in.
158 pounds Welirht 142 pounds
77 Inches Reach 65 Inches
39 inches Chest «40 Inches
W inches Wals;t 27V4 Inches
11 Inches Biceps W inches
!> inches Forearm 12V4 Inches
17 inches Thlgl 22Vi inches
.11 Inches Calf 13Vi Inches
7 inches Ankl) 'J Inches
Two rounds of a aeventy-two-do« open
stake were run off at Union Courslnc
Park yesterday and a good day's sport
•was the result. The hares* were a lively
lot and stron* enough to make the trials
Interesting". ¦ ,,' .
A number of the Futurity performers
were on the card and as a rule showed to
good advantage.
While the day could be classed as a win
ning one for the price setters, the occa
sional reverse made life worth the living
to the backers o* long shots. The \ng*
course of the day was especially dlsasf
trous for the wise ones. The fast Annie
Hall was quoted a favorite at 1 to 6 over
Aeneas Mclnermy's courser, because of
he?recent steady work, looked good to
I'SS-edmen and many °f them In
vested to win their fare home. In a close
course Aeneas won out. scoring one point
to the good. Ncalon's courser Is In a good
Dosition to be close to the big money and
?s quoted at 1 to 4 in the long oAte 'book
Roman Athlete la favorite for the stake
at 1 to 3, while Aeolus Is well backed at
1 The Drommme for to-day consists of
the finals In event and a thirty-two
do| cfasl stake. In the last named event
every entry is a champion of record, the
affair being in reality a warm-up for the
John Grace cup stake, which is on the
cards for next month. Sacramento . Boy
the winner of last year's stake ia in the
running. Wedgewood holds first place in
[he order of choice, being quoted at 1 to 4.
Vandal Is close up at 5. Harlean Gladjs
Homer Boy an.i Flying Fox are at 6 and
W FolFdXg* are the day's results, with
Judge John Grace's official scores:
Open stake, first round-Pastia Kennel's Ro
marAthlete beat T. J. <> onln * I ?' y - *;;
Chlarinl Brothers' Master _y°. rl 2 n £ n i *?"
Pasha Kennel's Flyaway. 5-1: Star * Knowles
Sleety Mist beat M. Nealon's Achilles. «-2. A.
R. durtls' Lord Beaconstteld beat E. Gfeary^
Minnie Sankey. 4-3: H. Lynch '» A. J. Mart n
beat E. Geary's Boy Hughie. 11-W; E. Geary a
Fair Oaks beat Sterl & Knowles" Ripple. 5-2:
D. Poland's Pleasant Girl beat P. Reilly s Lady
Granard. 7-4; J. A. Klein's Coronado beat W.
Calms' Gold Ore, 6-4; H. Perigo'. Contralto
beat W. C. Glasson's Slelyh Bells. 3-1: J. Wil
lis' Half Moon beat P. J. Reilly' s Glencoe. 4-0;
A. Vanderwhite's Flora McDonald beat II.
Lynch' s Cotton Ball. 9-«: George Sharman s
Chicago Boy beat P. J. Reilly's Honesty, 4-0;
M Sullivan' » Toss beat P. M. Curtis' Boodle
Boy, 12-6; S. F. Bartels' Beat Eargaln beat
I O'Brien's Statesman. 5-0; J. Moriarlty's Klt\
tieman beat George Sharman' a Bowery Boy,
6^2; Aeneid Kennel's Aeolus beat E. Geary's
Fannie Hughie. 7-2; Ed Neave's Strayaway
beat T. J. Cronin's Wild Tralee. 3-0; T. Barres"
Amedee beat J. I. O'Brien's "Wanderlne Tom.
5-1- E. Geary's Bonnie Hughie beat W. Cairns'
Imperial. 5-2; P. M. Clarkson's Sofala beat T.
J. Mclnerney*a Regina ¦ R. 7-5; M. Nealon's
Agamemnon beat P. M. Clarkson's Prompto,
7-2; P, Tiernan'a General DeWet beat P. M.
Clarkson'a Miss Brummel, 10-0: A. R. Curtis'
Loyal Lad beat Ed Neave's First Foot. 3-2;
G. McKenna's Patriot fc«»at T. Tlernan's Granu
vllla, 6-2; M. Walsh's Thorndale beat F. Klr
lln's Mike Wright. 7-5; P. M. Clarkson'a Gold
en Garter b*at D. J. Healey*» Ellata, 24-14; A.
Vanderwhite's Le-ar King beat C. O. Peterson's
Lady Nellie, 8-0; C. O. Peterson's Haphazard
beat T. Ti«rnan'a General Botha. 14-3; Star
Kennel's Fontenoy beat Pasha Kennel's Rus
tic Arbor. 11-2: Sterl * Knowle*' OUta. beat
J. H. McNeil's BlackhawV, 4-1: A. It. Curtis'
Leola beat D. J. Healey's Fine Form, 15-7; J.
M. Halton's May Hempstead beat P. Horan's
Lady LIsbet, 3-2; M. R. Parkinson's Ben Lo
mond beat Clilarlnl Brothers' Boney Boy. i-2;
George Nethercott'a Red Rock beat E. Gwiry'a
Ruby Sank»y. 6-5; T. J. Mclnerney's Annla
Hall beat Kelley & Hanley*s Liuhmajr La<4,
8-1: M. Nealon's Aeneas a bye.
8econd round— Roman Athlete beat Master
Workman. 4-2; Lord Beaconsnetd beat Sleety
Mist, 7-5; A. J. Martin beat Fair Oaks, *-2:
Pleasant Girl a bye; Controller beat Half
Moon. 4-3; Chicago Boy beat Flora McDonald.
8-4: ISest Bargain beat Toss, 7-0; Aeolus beat
KlttWnan. 7-4; AffleM b«at Strayaway. (-1;
Bofata beat Bonnie Huthi*. 4-0; Alamrmnon
beat General DeWtt. 4-0; Patriot b#«t Loynl
Lad, 19-3; Golden Garter beat Thorndale. 12-4;
Lear King beat Haphazard. 7-3; Ollta beat
Fontenoy, 6-3; May Hemp«t*ad beat Leola, 1-U.
Red Rock beat iten Lomond, 6-1; Aeneas beat
Annie Halt, 4-3.
Union Park Offers Two Events
Between Well Matched
Champions.
Jones* Dog the Talent's
Choice in Special
Stake.
STRONG BACKING
FOR WEDGEWOOD
FOOTBALL ELEVENS OPEN WHAT PROMISES TO BE A SHORT BUT BRILLIANT SEASON
Forest Fire Near Soquel Canyon.
SANTA CRUZ, Sept. 2L— A forest fire
Is raging about. twelve miles from here.
It is in Hinckley Gulch, near Soquel Can
yon. The fire can be seen from here end
during the day Loma Prleta "" Mountain
•was hidden from view by the clouds of
smoke.
SAILED.
September 21.
Btmr Santa Crui, Hlakla, for .AmeBport.
»
> September Hf
Stmr Santa Cruz, Hinkle, from Amesport.
ARRIVED.
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
Discuss Athletics at a. Banquet.
The third annual banquet of the Aca
demic Athletic League was held last
night. Toasts were responded to by Pres
ident Charles Harris. Professgr L. D Ins
keep, William Greer Harrison, the Nestor
of athletics on this coast; J. F. Sturtivant
J. H. Pond "and Joseph O'Connor. Those
present Included: William Greer Harri
son, Herbert Hauser. T. V. Reeves Dr
Scott, C. F. Laumelster. Joseph O'Connor'
A. W. Osburn. George Elliott, C. D. Sny
der. Charles Harris,- S. D. Inskeep; J. F
Sturtivant. E. B. Gould. H. Clough. W. L.
Potts, J. Eggers. E. Depuy. F. M. Cat
tell, H. Pond, R. Westdahl and E. A. Fos
dick.
JEFFRIES WILL TBAIU"
AT HARBIN SPRINGS
Champion's Brother JSays. Any Son
Franciscan Will Be Acceptable
" :.' : -' as Referee. '.' r * :
FRESNO, Sept. 21.— The main attrac
tion of this evening in Armory Hall was
the sparring exhibition between Jim Jef
fries and his brother, Jack. Jeffries will
go to Visalia from here and from I there
will go directly to Harbin Springs to
train for his battle with Ruhlin. Jac't
Jeffries said to-night that any referee
selected by the Twentieth Century Club
would be acceptable to the champion. Jim
had a preference, of course, he added, but
any good San Francisco man would do.
Jack Solomon of Fresno received, the
decision In the sixth round In the eighteen
round contest scheduled with Gean West
of St. Louis. Jack Jeffries, the referee,
after cautioning West several times on
account of his foul tactics, declared him
the loser. ¦ •
"Sailor" Sullivan -was given the decision
over Fred Lord on a foul in the sixth
round. .
Notes of the Game.
A number of the fans seemed to think that
Dun'.eavy played "dirty" ball when he blocKed
r.eilly at third. On the contrary he did a
clover stunt, cs it is always the baseman's
]-r;vil«xv to cover his base as long as he doea
not touch the runner with his hands. Dun
leavy did not hold Reilly.
Drennan robbed Pabst of a double when he
made his sensational one-hand catch in the
**cond Inning.
Moskiman was played in the right gardeD.
and he showed up strong-, making two runs
tTK 4 - ah many hlte.
Dunleavy was on third base yesterday and
p.ayed a fast game, accepting .several chance?
without an error. He should make an ex
cellent lnflelder.
Nordyke bad his batting- eye with him, and
rappt-d out three clean hits, one a two-basrser
to right flejd.
Brockhoff was put in to bat in Iburg's place
in the seventh, but fanned the air three
times.
Cal Ewing would do well to keep Strelb on
the initial, bag. as he is undoubtedly the best
man in the league when it comes to handling
badly thrown balls.
Nordyke. Krugr and Wilson 'did the ¦ bulk of
the locals' = batting yesterday. They made
seven out of the nine hits secured by the Ger
mans.
SUMMARY.
Runs responsible for— Hartwell 1, McNeely 1.
Two-base hlt»— Flood, Hall. Sacrifice hit-
Courtney. First base on errors — Sacramento 5.
First base on called balls— Los Angeles 2, Sac
ramento 6. Left on bases— Los Angeles 6, Sac
ramento 14. Struck out — By Hartwell 8, by
SlcXeely 1. Hit by pitcher— McLaugrhlln.
Double play — Sbeehan to Flood to Davis. Time
of game— 1:45. Umpire— Hardle.
Senators Win at Los Angeles.
LOS ANGELES. Sept 2L— Hartwell wu wild
to-day and h*d poor support, whil« McNerty
received perfect backing. Score:
LOS ANGELE3.
AB. R. BH. SB. TO. A. E.
Dougherty, r. f 4 0 1 0 0 0 0
Atberton. fb 8 0 0 0 3 4 0
Uemphilf. 1. f 4 0 10 3 0 0
Householder, c. f.... 4 0 10 2 0 0
Klhm. lb 4 0 1 0 10 0 0
nellly, lb 10 0 0 2 2 1
Hall, is 4 110 12*
Spies, c 8 0 10 3 10
Hartwell. p S 0 0 .0 2 2 1
Totals 22 1 6 0 *26 11 6
•Devereaux out; bunted third strike.
gACRAMENTO.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Devereaux, tt, 4 0 0 0 0 6 0
Flood. 2b 6 2 10 6 8 0
She*han. 8b 5 14 114 0
Courtney, c f 2 0 0 0 2 0 0
Doyle r. f 4 0 0 0 2 0 0
McLaughlln, 1. f.... 4 0 0 0 1 0 '0
Davis, lb 4 0 0 0 IS 1 0
Stanley, c 4 0 2 0 2 0 0
Mc^reely. p S 1 1 0 1 0 0
Totals 37 41 1 27 . 1* 0
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Los Anpeles 0 10 0 0 0 0 0 0—1
Base hit* 08101100 0— fl
Sacramento 00011200 0—4
Base hits 00111302 0-8
On the eve. of bis departure for Austria,
where he will join the colony of American
riders now winning fame and dollirs,
"Chub" Russell made a "Garrison finish"
of It yesterday at Oakland. Through all
around good work Russell landed first lit
the wire on four winners, in Flamero, 3 to
6; Shellmount, 3 to 2; Vantine. 2 to 1,
and Decoy, 9 to 5. . His followers got all
the coin. A good rater and strong finlshor,
"Chub" should more than hold his own on
the other side.
In the one harness event, a ' special
trot, George W. Kingsbury carried off
all the honors. The popular hotel
man held the ribbons over Lynall, 2 :10V4,
and, though an amateur, more than held
his own with the professional drivers,
winning the second, third and fourth
heats through clever relnwork.
While the weather was gloomy and
threatening, racing has such a strong hohl
on the affections of the public that both'
the grand stand and becting ring wct-3
crowded. Betting on the trot was nervous
and shifting, but on the running events it
was heavy, with Flamero and Decoy the
only successful favorites. ¦ .<
At first the supposed knowing ones
picked Puerto Rico to win the trotting
fixture, but the brown gelding, although
made a favorite, proved a disappointment.
Ed Lafferty, behind Floradora took the
first heat, backed down to favoritism,
with Lynall a good second, in 2:29. After
this Kingsbury went out and won the next
three heats in commanding fashion with
Lynall, the victory being a popular one.
Flamero Outclasses His Field.
Cameron's Flamero apparently out
classed the other starters in the seven
furlong run, next to oe decided. The
gelding's friends accepted the 3 to 5 laid
about him and cashed their tickets with
out ever having cause for worrlment. El
Mldo bled slightly, losing the place to
Lost Girl.
At last Lief Prince- earned a pair of
brackets. One of six starters in the six
furlong sprint following and 5 to 1, H,oar
brought the colt home first, a length be
fore the favorite, Mamie Hildreth. Tullett,
on Pegalong. finished third.
Beyond question the 2-year-old handi
cap at five furlongs furnished the prettiest
contest of the day. There were but four
starters and the quaicet got away on
even terms to a flying start. Russell
rushed Shellmount to the front, and in the
stretch wa^s challenged by the favorite,
Hainault, with McCarthy up, and the
light weighted. Flo Culver. Shellmount
stood a long, hard drive, getting the ver
dict by a scant half lengxh, with Flo Cui
ver only a head farther away. More
Judiciously ridden,' the -latter filly "could
have won. Louwelsea is not at her best.
Rollick, the Burns & Waterhouse entry,
went to the post an even money favorite
for the fifth race. - Cut off soon after the
start, the gelding finished third. Vantine
made all the running and, with little to
spare, downed Mike Strauss a length.
Owing to the slipping of McCarthy's
saadle, David S ran away two miles be
fore he could be stopped and his tired
rider assisted back to the paddock.
A four and a half furlong dash for 2
year-olds saw Botany close a slight favor
ite over Quadra. Ransch, on Dawson, a
3 to 1 chance rode a splendid race and,
outflnlshlng Howson on Wandering lioy,
won by a neck. Botany, after cutting out
the pace, ended up in the show. '
Looking best on paper, Decoy, the
favorite, well handled by Russell, cap
tured the seventh and closing event, a
mile and fifty yard affair. Toribio led for
a time, when the first choice went ahead,
scoring cleverly from Alicia and Lizella. '.
Summary. — —
First race— Special trot; heats, 3 in E:
Lynall, cb. g.. by Lynraont-Ualance '
AH (G. W. Klngsbury) 2 111
Floradora, cU. m., by Sabel Stclnway
(Lafferty) 1 2 8 8
Lena Holly, blk. m. (H. Patrick) 4 3 2 6
Puerto Klco, br. g., by Sabel Wllkes
(Culcello) 8 6 6 2
Prince Howard, blk. h. (Hooper) 6 4 4 4
Time-Z:27, 2:29, 2:28, 2:30.
Becond race— Seven furlongs, selllcr; purse
(250:
r>. Cameron'* cb. r. Flamero 6, 105, by
Flambeau-Bonlar (Hussell), 8 to 5 1
Lost Girl, ch. m. a, 106, by Sobrante-Ncllie
K (Ranich), 3 to 3 • 2
El Mldo, b. ?. B, 105, by Sir Modred-Ethel
(Hoar), 6 to 2 3
Time— 1:30.
Pongro 106, Ringmaster 103 and Firelight 107
also ran.
Third race— Six furlongs; puree $250:
TV. M. CahlH's br. o. Lief Prince 3, 105, by
Prince Lief or Bermuda-Natalie (Hoar), ' 6
to 1 1
Mamie HUdreth, b. f. 8, 113. by Thornhlll-
Mamie H (Ruiz), 2 to 3 2
Pegaloni?, br. g. 8, 109, by -Crichton-Sweet
Peggy (Tullett). 15 to 1.... 3
Time— 1:16.
Darlene 104, Aphrodis 104 and Ravlno 93 also
ran. -
Fourth race — Five . furlongs, handicap, two
year-olds; purse $250:
D. Cameron's ch. jr. Shellmount 112, by Sal
vation-Plumerla (Russell), 3 to 2 1
Halnault, br. g. 110, by St. Carlo-Llbber
tlfllbbet (McCarthy), even 2
Flo Culver, b. f. 90, by Lew Welr-Juanlta
(Dug-gran). 6 to 1 ; 3
Time— 1:02.
Louwelsea 105 also ran.
Fifth race— Six furlongs; purse $250:
G, "W. Enlder & Co.'s ch. m. Vantlne 4. 107,
by Anchorite-Vestina (Russell), 2 to 1 I
Mike Strauss, br. g. 4, 100, by Iroquols-Gypsy
(Hoar), 5 to 2 , 2
Rollick, ch. g. 3, 110, by Take Notice-Happy
.Maiden (Ransch), even 3
Time— 1:15.
David S 110 and Trladitza 105 also ran.
Sixth race— Four and a half furlongs, sell
ing; -two-year-olds; purse $250:
W. B. Sink Jr.'s b. g. Dawson 110, by Maxlo- :
Easter (Ransch), 2 to 1 1
"Wandering- Boy, br. c. 108, by Brutus-Wan
dering Nun of Argyle (Howson), 8 to 1 2
Botany, br. g. 110, by Watercress-Pensa
(Ruiz), even 3
Time— :57.
Quadra 110, Irma A 115 and Arthur Ray 103
alto rcn.
Seventh race— One mile and fifty yards, sell
ins; puree $250:
George Miller" e b. g. Decoy 4, 109, by De
celver-Nantucket (Russell), 8 to 5 1
Alicia, ch. m. a., 109, by Malcolm-Vlney
(Gouln), 6 to 2 2
Lizella, b. m. a, 109, by Morello-Llszie Dun
bar (J. G. Woods), 2 to 1 :.. 3
Time— 1:4714.
Toribio 109, Kastaine 109. Galanthus 99, Ar
tilla 109 and McFarlane 109 also ran.
Oakland 4, San Francisco 3.
Cal Swing's much abused aggregation of
cripples, as if to atone for the miserable
farce which they enacted on Friday, took
the measure of Uncle Henry's Germans
yesterday to. the music of four to three.
The weather was dull and cloudy and the
players, expecting rain at every moment,
exerted themselves to their utmost In or
der to give the tans at least their money's
worth. Their eilorts proved highly suc
cessful, for there was not a dull moment
In the whole, game, the end being in doubt
until the last man was retired.
Uodson, the twirler who is haunted by
the spirit of hard luck, officiated In the
box for the Dudes, while Iburg and Wha
len alternated lor the Dutch. The pitch
ing was even up, each team getting nine
safe bumps, but the Dudes bunched theirs
just at the proper time. Uncle Hank can
eafcly lay' the blame' for his defeat on
••Josh" Reilly. In the seventh, after two
were out, Shav and Reilly were on the
bases, when ICordyke sent out a clean
double. Shay came home, but Dunleavy
blocked Josh at third. Reilly instead of
coming home ran out in the field and be
£an an eloquent discourse . with Rube
*vy. Dunleavy got the ball, tagged him
and the locals' last and best chance to
score was gone.
The Benedicts made their four runs In
the second and sixth. In the second a
pass and singles by Mosklman and Loh
man and a two-bagger by Arrellanes
earned three tallies. In the sixth another
¦was added by means of an error and'
Drennan's hit.
The Germans made their three points in
the fifth and seventh. In the fifth Krug
and Reilly went the route, aided by a
couple of good hits and a fumble by Hod
eon. Their last chance was spoiled in the
seventh by Reilly's endeavor to make an
orator of himself.
The features of the game were Nor
dyke's hitting and Drennan's great one
hand catch against the center field fence.
For Oakland Dr. Mosklman, Lohman and
Arrellanes did the best stick work. The
score:
BAN FRANCISCO.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A.' E.
Kordyke, cf 4 0 3 0 3 0 0
Wilscn, c 4 0 2 0 4 0 0
Hildebrand, If 4 0 10 10 0
Schwartz, rf 3 0 110 0 0
Fabet, lb 4 0 0 0 11 0 0
Knig, 2b. 4 12 0 2 2 0
Shay, es 3 10 0 14 1
Reilly, Sb 4 10 0 2 2 1
Iburg, p .* 2 0 0 0 0 2 0
•BrocUhoff 10 0 0 0*00
Whalen, p 10 0 0 0 10
Totals 84 3 9 1 24 11 2
•Batted for Iburg in seventh.
OAKLAND.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Drennan. cf.. ........ 6 0 10 10 0
Mcbler. 2b 4 0 0 0 2 4 0
Strelb, lb 3 0 1 1 10 0 1
Eagsn, fe 4 0 0 0 3 4 0
Dunleavy, Sb 3 10 14 2 0
Mosklman, rf 4 2 2 1110
Arrellanes, if 3 12 0 6 0 0
Lohman, c... 4 0 2 0 110
Hodson. p 4*0.1 0 0 2 0
Totals 34 4 9 3 27 14 1
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Ban Francisco 0 0 0 0 2 0 10 0—3
Base hlta 1 00130220—9
Oakland 0 3 0 0 0 10 0 •— t
Ease hita 0 S 0 1 1 2 A- 2 *-4
SUMMARY.
Rum responsible for— Iburg 3, Hod6on 2.
Two-base hits— Arrellaoes, Mosklman, Krug
<2). Nordyke. First base on. errors— Oaklard 2.
First base on called balls — San Francisco 2,
Oakland 3. Left on bases— San Francisco 6,
Oakland 8. Struck out— By Iburg 1, by Hodson
J, by Whalen 2. Double plays— ilohler to
£agan to Strelb, Krujr to Pab»t- Time of
nalne _l:35. Umpire— Levy. Official scorer—
H. 8. McFarlin.
Safe Hits Evenly \ Divided,
but Dudes Are More
Fortunate.
Amateur Pilots Lynall to
Victory in the
Gk W. Kingsbury Gives
Regular Drivers a
Reilly Spoils Splendid
Chance to Tie the
Score.
BENEDICTS WIN
A SNAPPY GAME
RUSSELL RIDES
FOUR WINNERS
SATJSALITO GOLFERS
TO OPEN CLTJBHOTJSE
Driving and Putting* Competitions
for Prizes Will Be Held on Fort
Baker Linksr
A meeting of the members of the Sau
salito Golf Club was held at Sausallto on
Friday night, Major T.\"W. M. Draper,
president of the club, being in the chair.
The extensive building operations which
have lately been carried on at Fort Baker
have for several months past rendered the
links practically unavailable, though a'
few enthusiastic members have, kept up
practice even under the discouraging cir
cumstances. ¦ The changes made by | the
United States military - authorities . have
rendered It i necessary to lay out afresh
the first, second, third' and ninth holes,
but the new putting greens are now ready
for use. The club has a good sum in the
treasury, and will proceed at once to put
the course Into playable condition. The
clubhouse will also be formally opened.
Milwaukee 1 9 3
Batteries— Howell and Bresnehan; . Garvin
and Maloney.
WASHINGTON, Sept. 21.-Washlneton cap
tured ' both | of the ; games to-day." . In the first
game McNeal was sent' to the bench after a
fusillade of hits in the initial inning." ¦¦ Moore's
v/ildnesa and wretched support threw: the sec
ond same to Washington. The home team
scored six runs through two : singles.' a wild
pitch, . a ' passed . ball, - two passes and six er
rors in the ¦ fourth inning. Attendance, - 3200.
First came:
R. -,H. *E.
Washing-ton ........'...... 18 ' 23 3
Cleveland .................-....:.:..... 7 11 7
. Batteries— Patten and Clarke; McNeal. Dono
van and Conners.- Second game: . " ,
R H * E
Washington ..11 6 3
Cleveland .....3 6 9
Batteries— Gear and ,'Luskey; Moore V' and
Wood. •. ¦ . '
i BOSTON. Sept. 21.— Detroit won In ths first
Inning of to-day's game by bunching hita with
two bases on balls. Boston's only. tally camo
in the fourth, resulting from a' pass, a scratch
hit and error. ( A running catch - by Stahl was
a feature. Attendance, 1300. Score:
. .",¦¦ ..,.. ;.. ¦. -r. ; h. ; . e.'
Boston 1 7- 0
Detroit 3 7 3
• Batteries— Winters and Schreck; Stievcr and
McAllister.'
ONLY ONE BUN SCORED IN
SEVENTEEN-INNTNG GAME
Grand Circuit Races.
CINCINNATI. Sept. 21.— Oakley Park
grand circuit summary: .
2:10 trot, purse $1500 (three heats Fri
day)—Sister Alice v/on first, uecond and
fourth heafs In 2:17V4, 2:15 (no time taken
in last heat). Miss Sllgo won the third
heat In 2:14. B B P also started.
2:30 pace, purse $1500— George Castle won
the first, second and fourth heats in
2:13% 2:12i£, 2:11%. Cambria Maid won
the third heat in 5i:0J>%. The Grazer, -An
'nlo N, Tuxbcrry, Lady Brooks, Emma
Lou, Tom Keene, Harry, Myosotls, Etnel
Brown and Cricket also started.
Grand Hotel, purso $3000, for 2:14 trot
lers—Palm I^af won the fifth, sixth and
seventh heats in 2:13, 2:15, 2:18*4. Janice
won the first and fourth heats in 2:12, 2:15.
Ozonam won the second and third heats
in 2:12 1 A, 2:13%. Lady Thisbee. Prince of
India, Oracle Onward, Ida Sultan, Carrie
J, Escobar, Whitewood and , Molo also
started.
The Ohio purse. $3000, for 2:14 pacers-
Dan Patch won three straight heats in
2:09V£. 2:07. 2:11. Captain Sphinx, Council
Chimes, Martha Marshall, Lady Allright
and Paul Dingley also started.
READVILLE, Mass., Sept. 21.— The
great stallion Cresceus (2:02%). obtained a
firmer grasp on his crown as king of
trotters by defeating his only rival, The
Abbot (2:03 l /4), on the Readville track .to
day in three out of four heats. The two
fastest trotters in' the world raced for a
$20,000 purse offened by Thomas W. Law
son. The money' which the 12,000 people
paid to* see the event all went to a well
known local charity. The weather was
perfect, but the track was heavy, so no
records were broken nor approached, the
fastest time, that in the last heat, being
only 2:07%. - :
The race was disappointing to a large
majority of the crowd and seemed to lead
to the conclusion that The Abbot has not
recovered from his sickness of last spring.
The Abbot broke repeatedly and lost val
uable distance. In the first heat he went
oft* his feet before reaching the first turn
and was ten lengths behind at the finish.
He managed to keep up in the second and,
lo the delight of the crowd, passed Cres
ceus at the half and won -by a length.
In the third, however, another break came
right at the start and the Scannell horse
barely saved his distance at the finish.
Finally too weights were resorted to, and
while they apparently steadied The Ab
bot, at' the same time they sapped his
vitality, bo that when the moment came
for the supreme effort in the dash for the
wire in the last heat exhausted nature
rebelled and Cresceus won the heat 'and
race by several lengths.
The Abbot Breaks Badly.
It was early In the afternoon when tlie
two great trotters camo out for their
first trial. Ketcham won the toss, giv
ing Cresceus the pole. After scoring
three times the word was finally given,
and away they went with Cresceus in the
lead. In the scoring The Abbot had acted
badly, so that few were surprised when
at the turn he suddenly went into the air
in a bad break. By hard work Geers got
him back on his feet, but by thin time
Cresceus was far in tho lefed, over a
dozen lengths to the good. It looked like
a hcpele3S race for The Abbot in . that
heat. At one time it seemed Cresceus
might be able to shut out the Scannell
horse, and win the big purse, then and
there, but Geers managed to pull up a
little and at the half was only ten
lengths behind. This distance was still
farther reduced by the time the three
quarter polo was passed, and at the turn
Into the stretch The Abbot was safe.
Geers made no attempt to push his h»»rse
further, so Cresceus won the first lieat
by ten lengths.
The second heat proved most exciting.
This time The Abbot kept his feet, but as
usual Cresceus went out at the start and
again led at the turn. At the quarter
pole he was a length to the good and. in
creased this distance to two lengths at
the three-eighths. Then .Geers began to
drive, and rapidly cut down the distance
to a length, half a length, a quarter of
length, until, just after the two swept by
the half-mile pole, The Abbot dashed
ahead and for the first time took the lead
and the pole. The crowd, which seemed
to favdr The Abbot, was frantic. Geers
made the lead two lengths, and then
three, and so the flyers entered the
stretch. Ketcham gave the big chestnut
the severest punishment he had ever
undergone at this point, and smarting
under the stinging blows of the whip,
Cresceus dashed after The Abbot. Geers
touched his horse lightly with the whip
once or twice and then only enough to
keep Cresceus from winning. The Abbot
finished first by half . a length.
Horses Score Repeatedly.
In the third heat The Abbot again* acted
badly, and the two horses scored five
times before they got the word. Ketcham
kept sending Cresceus out ahead, with the
apparent intention of getting The Abbot
off his feet. He- succeeded so well that
when they finally got the word The Abbot
broke right un3er the wire. In fact, the
break came with the starter'3 word, but
too late for the horses to be recalled.
Again Cresceu3 sped out ahead and was
around the turn before The Abbot had
even started In the race. This time it
seemed Ketcham had won his trick and
had The Abbot fairly out. He drove
Cresceus like the wind and was over fifty
yards ahead at the half. But Geers did
not despair. He once more sent The Ab
bot along and managed to get well with
in the distance flag when Cresceus passed
under the wire, a heat winner by nearly
forty yards.
Before the fourth heat was called two
ounce toe weights .were put on The Ab
bot's hoofs in order to steady him. Both
drivers came • to the conclusion that the
track was too heavy near the pole, so the
horses were started well up on the outside
of the track. They scoied twice. Then at
the word Cresceus immediately went out
in front and was three lengths to the good
at the quarter pcle. . For a few hundred
yards The Abbot trailed along behind,
but before the half was reached he began
to draw up and was only two lengths be
hind at that point. Foot by foot the Scan
nell horse pulled down Cresceus' lead, un
til at the five-eighths pole the two -were
racing along on even terms, to the evident
delight of the crowd. : At the three-quar
ters The Abbot was in the lead, but. could
not take the pole, which Cresceus kept to
the ¦ finish. The brush around the < turn
killed The Abbot, and when at the .begin
ning of the stretch Cresceus came up
Geers found his horse exhausted.
A perceptible groan went up from the
crowd as the big 'chestnut dashed" away
from the struggling gelding, and it was a
relief to see Geero finally pull up and al
low Ccesceus to win the heat by a good
six lengths. Summary:
Special match, trotting 1 , purse $20,000:
Cresceus, ¦ ch. h., ¦ Robert McGregor- ,".¦ ;
Mabel, • by Mambrlno - Howard
(Ketcham) : ,11 I I
The Abbot, b. g., Chlmeg-Nettie •
King, by Mambrlno King (Geers)... 2 1 2 :
Time by Quarters— First mile, :82%, 1:05,
BERKELEY, Sept. 21.— The Berkeley
High School athletes won the Bay County
Athletic League field day held this after
noon on the University of California
cinder path. This is the first time the
local school has gained a victory for sev
eral years and it was over its old rival,
the Oakland High School, by.. the meager
score of one point.
The day was not one for record break
ing, although two weru lowered. A driz
zling rain fell at the beginning and end of.
the meet, wetting athletes and spectators
alike. In spite of the overcast sky a good
crowd attended and' remained until the
close. The women gathered on the bleach
ers under the trees at the north and were
protected from the worst of the weather.
The track was poorly policed and spec
tators crowded the oval, shutting off the
view of those on the Dleachers and hinder
ing the athletes. During the field events
the oval was packed.
The Central and Polytechnic high
schools and the Lick School of Mechanical
Arts were In the "'also ran" class, -for the
points they made were far below those of
Oakland and , Berkeley. The scores were
as follows: ' .-.'',. ¦ ; . •
Berkeley, 59; Oakland, 58; Lick, 9; Polytech
nic, 8; Central, 7..
Oakland won the relay race, which aided
Its score materially by giving it ten
polntH, as against Berkeley's (second) six
points. Stanley of Berkeley lowered- the
fifty-yard dash record, held by Llgda of
Oakland, from 5 4-5 seconds to 5 3-5 sec
onds, and tht! 100-yard dash record, held
by the same person, from 10 3-5 to lOVi
seconds. Chaplin of Berkeley tied hla
own record of 18 3-5 seconds in the 120
yard hurdles.
The events In detail were as follows:
CO-yard dash— Stanley, B. H. 8., flrnt ; Hughes,
O. ri. S., second; Chlng, II. II. S., third. Time,
:05 3-5.
880-yard dash— Norton, 0. II. H,, first; Coyne,
O. II. 8., second; MacNichol, Lick, third. Time.
2:16 1-5.
Two-mile run— Backus. O. II. H., first; Lumly,
O. II. S., second; La Grange, Ji. II. H.. third.
Time, 11:59. ¦ ,
100-yard da«h-Stanley, D. H. S., first; -WIL
cox, O. il. S., second; Long, Lick, third. Time,
:10>4.
120-yard hurdle— Chaplin, B. H. 8., first; KUt
ler, B. II. S., second. Time, :18 3-5.
440-yard dash— Boettiger, B. H. 8., first; Shee
hnn, O. H. S., second; Nelson, B. H. 8., third.
Time, :54%.
220-yard hurdle— Boettlser, first; Klstler. sec
ond: Finn, third: all of Berkeley. Time, :42 3-5.
220-yard dash— Wllcox, O. H. S., first; Norton,
O. H. S., second; Griffin, C. H. S., third. Time,
:25.
Mile run— Coggin, P. H. S., first: MacNichol,
Lick, second; Cooper, O. H. S., third. Time,
5:05. .
Relay race— Won by Oakland; Berkeley sec
ond, no third. Time, 3:33 2-5.
Pole vault— Shipman, C. H. S.. first: Chinp,
B. H. S., 6econd; Burpee, O. H. S., third.
Height, 9 feet 1 inch..
Broad Jump— Chaplin, B. H. S., first; Kearns,
B. H. S., second; Megerstadt, Lick, third. Dis
tance, 20 feet 5% inches.
12-pound shot put— Hinds, O. H. S., first;
Bonefleld, P. H. 8., second: Boettiger, B. H. S.,
third. Winning distance, 41 feet 5 Inches.
High jump— Girvin, B. H. S.. first; Meger
stadt. Lick, second; Shipman, C. H. S.. third;
Height, 6 feet 2% inches.
12-pound hammer throw — "Williams, O. H. S.,
first; Hinds, O. H. S., second; Boettiger, B.
H. S., third. Distance, 101 feet 8 inches.
The committee in charge of the field day
consisted of A. H. Norton, Bert Chaplin
and W. MacNlchol. ¦ .j ¦
Proves His Right to the
Title of "King of ¦
"Trotters."
Eerkeley High School Is
Victorious at Field
Day Games.
On Eastern Bacetracks.
NEW YORK, Sept. 21.— Gravesend results:
First race, about six furlongs— Cervera won,
Flora Pomona second, Belvino third. Time,
1:11 1-5.
Second race, steeplechase, about two miles
and a half— Dr. Elchberg won, Jessie S second,
Bacchanal third. Time. 5:03.
Third race. Holly handicap, five and a half
furlongs— Endurance by Right' won. Whisky
King second, Chllton third. Time, 1:07.
Fourth race. Second Special, one mile and a
half— Blues won, Water Color second, Advance
Guard third. Time, 2:33.
Fifth race, about six furlongs, selling— Mary
Worth won. Man of War second. Lady Ster
ling third. Time. 1:11 2-5.
Sixth race, selling, one mile and a sixteenth-
Black Dick won. Alfred Vargrave : second,
Ethics third. Time. 1:1S 1-5.
CHICAGO, Sept. 21.— Hawthorne results:
First race, seven furlongs— Constellator won,
Toah second, Johnny McCarthy, third. Time,
Second race, five anfl*a half furlongs—Merri
ment won. Evening Star second. Rag Tag
third. Time. 1:07.
Third race, steeplechase, handicap, short
course— Corrlllo won. Captain Conover second,
Eva Moe third. Time, 2:57. •
Fourth race. Iroquois stake, one mile—Ar
gregor won. Cluster second, St. Marcos ' third.
Time, 1:U%. , r.
Fifth race, six furlongs— George Arnold won.
Money Muss second, Boney Boy thard. Time,
l:13i!.
Sixth race, one mile and a half, selling—Ken
tucky Babe won. False Lead second, Tammany
Chief third. Time, 2:37%.
Seventh race, one mile— McChesney won,
Uledl second. Barrica third. Time, 1:39%.
ST. LOUIS, Sept. 21.— Delmar Park results:
First race, six. furlongs, selling— Fairbury
won. Flying Eagle second, Aline S third. Time.
1:16 . ¦ . : •
Second race, one mile, selling— Orris won,
John Morton second, W. G. Welch third. Time,
Third race, six furlongs, purse— Talpa won,
Sambo second. Marque third. Time, 1:15.
Fourth race, eix and a half furlongs— Luna
won, Fitzkanet second, Miss Mae Day third.
Time, 1:20%.
Fifth race, one mile and a sixteenth—Peace
ful ' won, Beana second. Wall third. Time,
Sixth race, one mile and twenty yards, Bell
ing—Kitty Clyde won. Guide Rock second,
Nekamio third. Time, 1:14. ' -
Seventh race, one mile, selling— Marlon
Lynch won. Satin Coat second, Ceylon tnlrd v
Time, 1:42%.
1:8SV;. 2:10%: second mile. :32%, .1:04%. 1:34.
2:08V4: third mile. :32. l:04H. 1:38, 2:0DV4; fourth
mile, :32, 1:03%. 1:35H. 2:07%.
COLLEGE TOWN
ATH LETES WIN
Where Played.
September 28.
California-Reliance . . - Berkeley
Stanford-Olympic Palo Alto
October 6.- ....
California-Olympic Berkeley
-Stanford-Reliance San Francisco
October 12.
California- Reliance '.Berkeley
Stanford-Olympic San Francisco
October 39.
Freshman game— University of Cali
fornia-Stanford San Francisco
•Reliance-Nevada Reno
October 26. . •
California-Olympic San Francisco
Stanford-Oregon Pulo Alto
October 30.
California-Nevada Berkeley
November 2.
Callfornia-Oreifon > .Berkeley
Stanford-Nevada San Francisco
November 9.
Berkeley-Stanford San Francisco
V. a 'SHORT and" a merry one will bo
t\ this year's ; football season. It
ZAY opened yesterday at % Belmont
JL - ~JjL~ with • the game between the Stan-
: ford freshmen and the eleven*rep
resentlng Belmont School, and at Berke
ley, where elevens representing the Aca
demic Athletic league faced one another
on tha gridiron- field. ' • . •
The big elevens will line up for the first
time next Saturday, when the University
of California will meet the Reliance Ath
letic Club eleven on the Berkeley field,
and Stanford University will oppose the
Olympic Club players at Palo Alto. Tho
teams will alternate In games every Sat
urday until November 9, when the big
intercollegiate game between Stanford
and Berkeley will bo decided. The Six
teenth and Folsom street grounds will
again be the scene of the struggle. This
will end the regular season, but it is ex
pected a game will be arranged for
Thanksgiving day between the best of
the California eleven and a team possibly
from the East. : ,
Much interest centers about the open
ing games next Saturday, as it is expect
ed tho athletic club teams will be able to
•make a much better stand against the col
lege men than in former years. They set-
CRESCEUS WINS
FROM THE ABBOT
tied down to practice some time since,
while the college teams have done but
little work up to the present time.
The rules remain practically unchanged
since last year, so that devotees of the
game will have no difficulty In following
the various plays.
Stanford is considered in better condi
tion-than Berkeley, having seven of last
year's men on the big eleven. These In
clude the four backs. Slaker, Smith, Hill
and Raltt. Having played one year"to
gether gives them a big advantage. Stan
ford Iose3 both guards, but.. Horan- from
Lafayette College i will fill- one of these
vacancies. Traeger, the tackle, is with
the team, while McFadden, who played
one of the end positions, is gone.
Berkeley has Albertson. the last year's
back, together with Overall 'and Stow,
the guards. Cornish, who played center,
did not return to college. The team still
has Hudson, Starr and Wpmble. •
Berkeley has seventy-five freshmen,
from which some good timber Is expected
to develop. .; •• .' '{'
Stanford Freshmen Win Easily.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Sept.. 21.—
Tho first football 'game of the season was
played between the Stanford freshmen
and the Belmont -Military School on the
latter's grounds to-day. In the first half
the Stanford contingent made three
touchdowns the first four minutes after
game was called and kicked two goals.
At the end of the second half the final
score was Stanford 23, Belmont 0.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 22, 1901.
Will Be Considerably 'More Advanced in Condition When
tKe (First Regular Games/ Are Played Than Either
ii the : Wearers of the Blue and Gold or the Cardinal
ATHLETIC CLUB TEAMS ARE PREPARED
TO MEET THE BIG COLLEGE ELEVENS
Joe Walcott Rapidly Round
'v ing Into Fine Con
dition.
Anticipates No Trouble
From It When He
Fights.
GARDNER'S HAND
IN GOOD SHAPE
24
Boston and Chicago Play What Is
Pronounced tlie Greatest Ball
in. History of the Game.
NATIONAL LEAGUE.
CHICAGO. Sept. 21.— Boston and Chicago to
day played " one ot the greatest, if not the
greatest game in the history of the National
League. Both pitchers did remarkable work
and for thirteen of the seventeen innings were
supported without a mispla.y, a great "many
of the chances on both aides being extremely
difficult. The work of Lone and Hlckey was
especially brilliant. Dexter scored the only run
in the seventeenth, taking first on Long's fum
ble, second when Hickey was hit, third on a
force out and home on Childs" fourth single.-
Attendance, 1800. Score:
y R. H. E.
Chicago ../. 1.8 1
Boston 0 8 8
Batteries— Hughes and Kahoe; Dlneen and
Moran. Struck out— By Hughes 13. by Dlneen
7. Base on balls— Off Hughes 5, off Dlneen L
ST. LOUIS, Sept. 21.— The locals were unable
to hit Donovan to-day and Brooklyn won by
scoring runs in the first three innings. At
tendance, 1800. Score:
R. H. E.
Brooklyn ..3 8 0
St. Louis 1 8 1
Batteries— W. Donovan and Farrell; Harper
and Hayden. Umpire — Bmslle.
PITTSBURG, Sept. \ 21.— Philadelphia cele
brated its last appearance here by defeating
Pittsburg in a hard-fought game of ten innings.
Townsend was too much for the home team,
but splendid support of Chesbro kept the score
ev«n until the tenth. Attendance, 4400. , Score:
¦.; r. h. c.
Pittsburg ..'...... 2 4 1
Philadelphia 4 .11 1
Batteries — Chesbro, O* Connor : and Zlmmer;
Townsend and McFartand. : Umpire — O'Day.
CINCINNATI. Sept 21.— Matthewson was at
his beat to-day and the locals could not touch
him. Attendance, 1200. Score:
*¦.'¦-•• ' > R.V.H., E.
Cincinnati ..*. .."..........., 1 8 I
New York ' 5 12 1
Battaries— Phillips and Bergen; Matthewson
and Warner. Umpire — Brown.
AMERICAN LEAGUE. "
Philadelphia, Sept. 21.— ChicaEo played
a ragged gams to-day and Patterson was In
effective. As r a result the home team won
.without" difficulty. ; Attendance, 4400. Score:
¦',-",.- R. 'H. E.
Chicago .............'. 4 11 6
Philadelphia 10 15 0
Batteries— Patterson," Katoll and Sullivan*
Bernhardt and Powers. . ¦ -
BALTIIIORE, Sect. : 21.— Baltimore took ¦ two
games '• from ¦ Milwaukee ] to-day." McGlnnlty
and Howell pitched fine ; ball for ' the home
team. Attendance. 1000. Scores— First game:
, R. H. E/
Baltimore S ¦ 8 3
Milwaukee 2 6 2
Batteries— McGlnnity ! and Robinson : Reidy
and Maloney. - Second game: .
R." H;Ve. ;
Baltimore ...¦"................ ......... 7 7 3
S Specialists Who if
Cure Men
..*_ , . „ * .
AlJ.-i T «»,_, ->-, X nyl J| lest cures. No remedy Is used which haa
UluGSt, LicirSrcSL 3.I1U. *= U1 «*•<* "» «>• constitution or blood;
> ° In fact. Dr. Meyers & Co. "build np the
£--:Op'Aof Tn Of if Ilfl An Bystem "^ Btna Sihtn the nerves while
Debt lIlbllLllLlUIl ">ey treat th* disease. Thus a p*tlent
leave* -with ¦ & ruddier and stronger con-
The apparent stt^bbornc<!ss with which stitutlon than when he began,
many men's diseases resist a physician's •»
treatment is not to be explained by the A 11 TV* k
severity ofthe disease so much as by'the All lJlSfi9.SftS AfP
inadequacy of the. treatment. ***» "awwm.mwm "i v>
. Dr. Meyers & Co. have be«n so success- . fn . j ;
ful in curing men for tha past twenty JLF63.L6Cf
years that their methods have won na- * vmvvu
tional ¦ reputation and have been Imitated
. by scores of other physicians. Including ruptnre. special diseases, stric-
Dr. Meyers . & - Co. base much of their tore, bladder and kidney diseases and loss
success on their thorough- knowledge of of power. ... '
the human anatomy. .-After examining Dr. Meyers & Co. not only extend to all
a patient- they know exactly wherein men a free consultation, bnt they have
- the aliment lies, exa'ctly how it should be perfected a system of treatment through
j treated, »nd ¦ they then employ the most • the mail that haa cured thousands of men.
• recent and effective remedies. , Their home cure system has been a sue-
Nothing Is left to guesswork. No reme- cess for many years. If you cannot call, J
dies are used which have not proved them- write for private book for men. diagnosis
. selves to , be the best, surest and speed- sheet, advice, terms, etc. all free. .
DR. MEYERS & CO., 731 "S&Sa* M
Hours 9 to 13; 1 to 4; Evenings, 7 to 8. Sundays. 10 to 13. >YOUNG LADY GRADUATE OF OAKLAND HIGH SCHOOL SOON TO BE
- COME THE BRIDE OF A SAN FRANCISCO COMMERCIAL TRAVEL
ER WHO WAS ONE OF HER SCHOOLMATES.
THE BRIDES OP THE WEEK
WHOSE WEDDINGS WERE
SOCIAL EVENTS.
Lynn's Case Set for Trial.
OAKLAND. Sept. 21.— The case of A. J. :
Lynn," accused ; by W.. P. Ward, presided
of the Building Trades' Council, with hav
ing stolen the official seal of- that organi
zation, has been set for trial in the Police
Court on October 3. c^s»pSa«p«Bi|sa
•; Onthe night. of the 6th cf October.Cre
mieux Lodge .' No. 325 : of r the ; Independent
Order of B'nai B'rith will give a souvenir
Simchas Torah " ball | in Odd Fellows' Hall
in celebration of the feast of the taberna
cle. *. , V . . . .
Feast • of the Tabernacle.
OAKLAND, Sept. 21.— The solemn
Hebrew festival of Yom Kippur, the Day
of 'Atonement, will be ushered in to-mor
row evening with special services at the
synagogue of the First Hebrew Congre
gation. A large choir will render the ap
propriate music for the exercises. RaDfol
Frtedlander ¦ will give a discourse upon
"Friends." &&%&
Hebrews at Solemn Festival.
OAKLAND, Sept. 21.— Through .the ef
forts of Congressman Metcalf the Postal
Department has been prevailed • upon/ to
establish . an independent Postoffice at
Piedmont. Julia Extier^jjas \- been ap
pointed . Postmistress and the t office will
be located -near the entrance to the Syn
dicate. Park, It will be entirely independ
ent: of the Oakland office. '
Postof fice for Piedmont.
OAKLAND, Sept. 21.— The local Salva
tion Army began Its harvest home festi
val this evening in a canvas pavilion at
the corner of Ninth and Clay streets. The
speakers were Colonel George French,
Major and Mrs. Harris, Staff Captain- and
Mrs. Connett. After the speaking a sup
per was served. The festival will con
clude on Tuesday evening.
Salvation Army Entertains.
The social recently giverf by San Fran
cisco Hive of the Ladies of the Macca
bees in Occidental Hall was a success in
every way. It was well attended by the
members and by ladies of the other local
hives and those In Oakland. Sir Knight
George V. Leroi of San Francisco Tent
assisted Ladles Droit and Miller, the
members of the floor committee.
On the Cth of September this hive was
visited by Deputy State Comand
cr Lady Minnie W. Aydelotte and a num
ber of members of the order. The visit
ing officer suggested the appointment of
a deputy organizer for the hive, which
Fujrgestion was acted upon. It was also
decided to select two teams, one to be cap
tained by Lady Droit and the other by
Lady Miller, these to enter into a mem
..bership contest for a limited time, the
? winning team to be banqueted at the ex
pense of the losing one.
Ladies of the Maccabees.
The Mayor's "fight is still open. Dr.
Keeney is the latest addition to the list
of candidates. The leading "aspirants are
John C. Kirkpatrick, Thomas V. Cator
and George Stone. The" list of the
available embraces • Reginald Webster
Charles R. ' Patton. Judge Bahrs, r H. J.
Crocker, Phil Lillienthal, Asa R. Wells
and C. S. Laumeister. v.-.-jj
The committee on platform and resolu
tions will meet , to-morrow . evening: If
the convention adopts.; unmeaning and
wishy-washy platitudes instead of a clear
cut declaration of American 'principles
applicable to existing . conditions, thou
sands of citizens will insist- on a non
partisan indorsement of the best 'candi
dates in the field, regardless of party ties
There are Indications that . Supervisors
Boxton, Jennings and Sanderson . of the
present board will be renominated. ' The
Thirty-eighth -'=¦ District presents, three
aspirants for Supervisor— Dr. Ira B. Dal
zell,"- Fred • Stuermer and; Martin Lewis '
Dr. Dalzell is ¦ said to • be . slated. . U s
Strauss , of • the Forty-third District is,
mentioned as ' a candidate for. Supervisor.'
He is recommended by many, of the tax
payers and leading citizens -of * the dis
trict.' ... ;
Mayor's Fight Still Open.
made in advance: of the election of dele
gates that the bosses would ' pull him
through. The , compact, it is saia, em
braced a promise to give Faraham the
nomination for Public Administrator.
OAKLAND, Sept. 21.— The temperance
committee of the Alameda County Chris
tian Endeavor "Union has arranged a ser
ies of special temperance meetings, first
of -which will be held in the - following
named churches at 6:15 o'clock Sunday
evening: - - " . -
First Methodist Church, Oakland— Address by
Rev. Dr. Jenness of Berkeley. Brooklyn Pres
byterian. East Oakland-^Led by " Mrs. X>. J.
Spencer, State secretary of.W. C. T. U. Ches
ter-street M. E., West Oakland— Address by
Mrs. F.I. Wheat, superintendent Christlar.
Citizenship, ' State' W." C. T. U. First Congre
gational, Alameda— Address by George A,
Moore. Berkeley— Address by Rev. Franklin
Rhoda. Alden Presbyterian— Address by George
P. Lowell.
Endeavorer Temperance Meeting.
OAKLAND, Sept. 21.— The Brotherhood
of Teamsters will meet Sunday night to
consider the report of -its arbitration com
mittee, which has been appointed to settle
the strike on this side of the bay. There
is little doubt that the thirty-five men still
on strike will return to work on Monday.
The strike here waa wholly sympathetic,
the drivers having no grievance against
their employers. The move the teamsters
have made looking toward an ending of
the trouble here is in large . measure
prompted by the action of the longshore
men two weeks ago when they refused to
longer remain idle..-.?'
Want to Settle Strike.
OAKLAND, Sept. 21.— Colonel H. Wein
stock of Sacramento will lecture to-mor
row at 12:30 o'clock at the First Unitarian
Church on "The Greatest Man of An
tiquity—Moses." • The following: Sunday
his subject will be "The Ethic3 of Moses."
The lectures will begin at 12:15 p. m. • Fol
lowing Mrs. Benjamin Fay Mills will give
a series, the .subjects of which are: -Oc
tober 6, "Jesus and the Twentieth Cen
tury": October 13. '"The Keynote"; Octo
ber 20, "The Kingdom of Heaven"; Octo
ber. 27. '.'Counting the Cost." -
Lectures on Moses and Jesus.
OAKLAND, Sept. 21.— Licenses to marry
were issued to-day to George W. Young.
aged 23. San Francisco, and Annie E.
Laubenheim, 19. Alameda; Henry Ed
wards, 22. Vallejo, and Margaret L. Wyc
koff. 22, Oakland; William C. C. Kreatz
kamm. 37, and Tereslta F. Convez, W, both
of San Francisco; John P. Dalton, 23, and
Mamie Agnes Lynch, 22, both of Oakland;
Alexander Cruden, 34, San Francisco, and
Mary Whittins. 28, Alameda: Robert von
Eyssen Crawford, 26, Klmberly. South
Africa, and Noine Maud Johnson. 23, Oak
land; Henry Paulson, 38, and Reblna Reid,
20, both of Oakland.
Licensed to Marry.
Council No. 1, San Francisco, P. J.Hagan;
No 2 San Jose. Nicholas Bowden; No. 3, San
Krancisco. J. E. Richards Jr.; No. 4, San Fran
cisco Dr C A. Glover; No. 5, Stockton, James
H Ford;' No 6, Oakland, W. V. Harrington;
No 7 San Francisco, M. T. Reilly; No. 8,
Oakland William Hennesey; No. 9, Petaluma,
FA Meyer; No. 10. San Kafael. William J.
Eden; No. 11. Sacramento. F. J. O'Brien; No.
U Santa Cruz. J. J. Doran; No. 13, Va»ejo.
John Cunningham; No. 16, Benida, Charles
Stenson- No. 18. Marysvllle, Herman Berg; No.
21 Napa Daniel Martin; No. 24, Alameda, Rev.
t' J O'Connell; No. 25, Martinez, James Mc-
Kenna- No 27. Sacramento, Tom A. Cody; No.
29 ™ra' s r Valley. J. Louis Cassldy; No. 34. San
Francisco W. H. Growney ; No. 3o, San Fran
cisco J "K. Cosgrave; No. 41, Virginia City,
GeorKe *D Pyne; No. 42, Watsonville, J. F.
Kane- No '43. Menlo Park. George E. Lucas;
No ii Gilroy 'J. P. Fitzgerald; No. 45. Sonoma,
I> S ' Frldegar; • No. ¦ 46, s San , Luis Oblspo. T.
J * Bowen ; No. 47. Li vermore. Augustus Hart
iriann; No. 55. San Francisco. R. A. Miller;
No 59 San" Francisco. W. . E. Dorn; No. 61,
Castroville, J.M. Walsh; No. 64. Fresno, T.
B Collins ;¦ No. 67, Eureka, Pierre H. Ryan;
No 72 San Francisco, J. H. Plnkham; No. -74,
San Francisco,; John Reldy: No. 86. Port Costa.
Edward P' Lynch; No. 87, Merced. P. J.
Thornton; -No. 88. Salinas. J. P. Dougherty;
No 94 Ferndale,.E. A." Aggeler: No. 129. San
Francisco, .D. Hurst: No. 304, Monterey. Wil
liam'Hunt; No. 307, San Mateo, John D. • Daly:
No 308," Santa Ro3a. William J.- Plover; No. 310,
Ocean View, M."- J.," Neubauer; No. 450, San
Francisco, 'John ¦ P. ,. Cresalla; • No. . .470. San
FranciBCO. ¦ F. J. Daunet ; No. 473, . Los Angeles.
Anthony Schwamm; -No. , 5OS, San Francisco,
W *M. GUI: No. 543. Los Angreles. J.M.' Lynch;
No ¦ 564. Crescent City, L. E. Lake; No. 563.
San Francisco. S. B. Fugazi.
The grand ¦ president has also appointed
the following named as council deputies:
Councils'' 1, 3, 4, San Francisco, J. E. Rich
ardr, Councils 7, 34, D08, San Francisco, \V. H.
Orowney; Councils 35, 6B. B0, San Francisco. J.
K. Co8grav« ; Councils 72. 74. 470, San Francisco,
J. II. Plnkham; Councils 129, 310, San Fran
clsco D. Hurst; Councils 460, 663, Ban Fran
cisco' S. D. Fugazl; Councils 6, 8, 24, Oakland
and Alameda, and. 47, Llvermore, Rev. T. J.
O'Connell; Councils 473, t65, Los Angeles, A.
Schwamm: Councils 17, 27. Sacramento, and 5,
Stockton, F. J. O'Brien; Councils 9 of Peta
luma. 10 of San Rafael, 45 of Sonoma and 308
of Banta Rosa, F. A. Meyer; Councils 13 of
Vallejo. 15 of Benlcia, 21 of Napa. 25 of Mar
tinea and S6 of. Port Costa, James McKenna;
Councils 12 of Santa Cruz, 42 of_WatspnvUle.
44 of Gilroy, J. f. Fitzgerald; Councils 2 of
San Jose, 4$ of Menlo Park and 307 of San
Mateo, Nicholas Bowden; Councils 61 of Caa
troville.,88 of Salinas and 304 of Monterey. W.
Hunt; Councils 29 of Grass Valley and 41 of
Virginia City, George r>. Pyne; Councils 67 of
Eureka and 41 of Ferndale Pierre H Ryan;
Councils 61 of Fresno and 87 of Merced, T. E.
Collins; Council 18 of Marysvllle, Herman Berg;
Council 46 of San Luis Oblspo. T.J. Brown;
Council 564 of Crescent City, L. E. Lake.
D. J. O'Leary, grand president of tho
Young Men'B Institute, has named the
following district deputies for the order:
J. C. Stubbs has the appointment of thw
next general freight agent Who will ge;:
the post is not known at present. It hi
expected that Stubbs will wire the- ap
pointment in the next few days, as Shep
ard's resignation goes into effect on ¦ the
1st of October. Under the rules of civil
service G. "W. Luce stands next In line for
promotion. • -
Old officials say that Markham was
placed over Shepard on account of the
brusqe manner of the latter official when
dealing with patrons of the road. It is
said that complaints were numerous from
merchants, who charged that Shepard
was far from a Chesterfield in his manner
when they consulted him upon freight
rates.
Shepard said yesterday that his resig
nation was tendered because he was of
fered a more responsible position with the
Pacific Improvement Company in Vic
toria, B. r C. . This hardly seems correct ,
however, as a railroad man is not golni;
to resign a responsible position with a
large railroad corporation to go with a
much smaller concern unless he feels that
there is no prospect of promotion ahead
of him.
Tho resignation of A. D. Shepard as
general freight agent of the Southern
1'acltlc was tho chief topic among ra.Il
road men yesterday. AH sorts of rumors
were ufloat as to the cause of the resig
nation, the most general being that Shep
ard felt slighted at the action of J. C.
Stubbs In appointing C. H. Markham over
him.
> OAKLAND. Sept. 21.— "Camllle." with
opecial staging, will be the bill at tho
Dewcy Theater during the week com
mencing Monday evening. Fannie Gillette
will be cast for the title role, and the full
support of the Stevens Stock Company
will be given the production.
"CAMILLE" TO BE CARD
AT DEWEY THEATER
Is Next in Line as Suc
cessor to A. D.
Shepard.
Selected for Young
Men's Institute.
District Deputies Are
LUCE MAY GET
THE POSITION
The incident Is recalled that, the con
vention rejected the proposition for a com
mittee to pass upon the qualification of
delegates. Boss Martin Kelly insisted
with vigor and clearness that the list of
delegates certified to by the Registrar of
Voters should be the roll of the conven
tion, and the delegates by a large major
ity voted .in favor of Kelly's motion..
Hints were thrown out that bosses rep
resenting certain factions were figuring on
a scheme to unseat two delegations, but
the proposition seemed, so raw and reck
! less that the politicians treated the rumor
as idle gossip. The appointment of a com
mittee to pass upon the qualification of
members may signify something . that is
not clearly understood by the convention.
• A conference of politicians was held at
Mose Gunst's rooms yesterday afternoon.
Later in the day reports were circulated
that Auditor Wells would be an active
candidate for Mayor. Reports were also
circulated that A. ' Ruef and Martin Kel
ly had the convention - so tied up that
.Herrin. Dibble and Lynch could not safe
ly count on the execution of a programme.
The facts seem to be that the spirit of in
dependence has taken hold of a majority
of the delegates. It is not a sure thing
that John Lackmann.will have - a ¦walk
over for Sheriff, although a bargain was
Kelly's Motion Prevails.
Frank French, chairman; James H. Lennon,
Twenty-eighth District; . Jeremiah P. Collins,
Twenty-ninth; D.avld E. Sheehan, Thirtieth;
John Campbell, Thlrty-flrst; Joseph W.
Ahearn, Thirty-second; Robert Gordon, Thirty
third; A. H. Menne, Thirty-fourth; • C. B.
Kitch. Thirty-flf th ; John B. Curtis, Thirty
seventh; Emmett P. Barrett, .Thirty-eighth;
Thomas J. Morton, Thirty-ninth; Edward Kel
ly. Fortieth; I. J. Well, Forty-flrst; Richard
Alexander, Forty-second; James L. Copeland,
Forty-third; John Chrlstenson, Forty-fourth;
James Carr. Forty-fifth.
Chairman Riordan also announced the
appointment of a committee on elections
and qualliicatlon . of delegates. The com
mittee follows: r •¦ . . ;
H. O. W. Dlnkelsplcl, chairman ; Martin Kelly,
Twenty-eighth District; Leon Samuels, Twenty
ninth; S. SchlosB. Thirtieth; James J. Mlley,
Thirty-nrst; David F. Kenney, Thirty-second;
James Boyle, Thirty-third; Ralph L. Hathorn,
Thirty- fourth; Joseph Windrow, Thirty-fifth;
Eugene D. Berrl, Thirty-sixth; Henry Trevor,
Thirty-seventh; J. J. Murry, Thirty-eighth;
John A. McKenna. Thirty-ninth ; H. F. Peart,
Fortieth; Louis F. Beedy, Forty-second; Wil
liam Lyons, Forty-third • Thornhill, Carmany,
Forty-fourth; William Clarke, Forty-fifth.
Thomas D. Rlordan, ghairman of the
Republican local convention, .yesterday
announced* the appointment of the follow
ing committee on organization and order
of business:
The Local Situation.
Ills chief supporters hold that If the ex
pression Is not distinctly favorable he will
etlgnify a desire that his name shall not bo
presented to tho nominating convention.
In the light of recent comment tho Gov
ernor is likely to bo convinced that efforts
on his part to succeed himself as Gov
ernor will surely provoke ono of the
bitterest struggles In the history of th«
Republican party of California. Tho oillca
of Governor is not the only prize In the
political lottery. The United States Scn
atorshlp Is an alluring berth, ami the
fact that a candidate htis served as Gov
ernor is no handicttp In the race. Senator*
Booth, Stanford and Perkins had guber
natorial honors before they were com
missioned to represent the State in the
United States Senate.
The next surprise In State politics may
be an announcement from Governor Gage
that he Is not a candidate for another
term. His closest friends- assert that,
while he has had the question of another
term under consideration, he has not
authorized any one to say that his name
will be presented to the Republican 8t.Ua
Convention as a candidate for rcnomlna
tlon. It is well understood that he is
anxious to elicit an expression of public
opinion touching the merits and policies of
his administration.
Locked in her bedroom. Mrs. Josephine
E. Blacow, widow of the late Arthur Bla
cow. ended her life with carbolic acid
yesterday afternoon at her residence on
the Blacow ranch, near Irvlngton. De
spondency because of ill health Is the only
reason the members of the family can
assign for the suicidal deed, but that does
not satisfactorily explain to the bereaved
relatives the strange and distressing act.
Mrs. Blacow waa n member of onu of
the prominent families of Alameda
County, and her death comes as a mattor
of great surprise to many who know her.
The Mrat disclosure concerning the aul
clde was uncovered by Mrs. Blacow'u
daughter. Miss Kmma Blacow. a teachor
at Centervllle High School. The yourus
lady returned from her day's work at n:3u
o'clock. Falling to find her mother at hor
accustomed place, preparing for the even
ing meal. MUs Blacow went outside and
looked about, but could not see anything
of the object of her search.
Then che went to her mother's bed
room. The door waa locked from the ln-
Blde. Fearing* that there was Bomethlnj?
wrong, tho alarmed young woman ran
acro88 the road and summoned her uncle.
Richard Blacow, whose residence was
Immediately opposite Mrs. Blacow's
place. He hastened to the hoube, broke
into the room and found his siBter-ln-law
dead on the bed, an empty vial labeled
"carbolic acid" resting on a table at the
head of the bed. The woman's lips were
badly burned from the poison.
Physicians were summoned, but they
could do nothing, for the despondent
woman must have been dead for some
time before her body was discovered.
Later the family learned that the poison
had been purchased by Mrs. Blacow at a
Centerville drug store.
The death was reported to Coroner
Mehrmann, who will hold an inquest on
Tuesday. The surviving members of the
family are the daughters, Miss Emma
Blacow and Miss Blanche B.lacow, the
latter being a teacher in the Mastlck
School at Alameda, and a son. J. R. Bla
cow, who has of late been employed as a
special clerk by the Board of Supervisors.
Mrs. Blacow's deceased husband was a
son of Robert Blacow, who settled in
Washington township In the early '50s,
where for many years he had a large
business importing merino sheep.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
1118 Broadway, Sept. 21.
SEATTLE, Sept. 21.— The steamer Ex
celsior, Captain Humphrey, arrived to-day
from Copper River and Cook Inlet with
136 passengers, bringing about $75 .POO of
Chestochena gold, the tirst large consign
ment of treasure ever received fro/n that
district. .
In tho Excelsior crowd there were fifty
men from the Chestochena. They report
the district a scene of mining activity and
the richness fully up to the expectations
of the more conservative men of the
camp. Their opinion is that the bulk of
the season's output of the Chestochena
will not reach Seattle for a month or six
weeks.
Good reports are received from tho
Cook Inlet plncer dippings. The hydrnulio
mining plants Installed on the tributaries
of Cook Inlet and Turnagaln Arm art*
proving a success.
GOLD FROM CHESTOCHENA.
Delegates to Republican
Qonvention Balk at
Programme.
Poison Ends the Life of
Wearied Josephine
v E. Blacow.
PARTY LEADERS
ARE CONFUSED
LOCKS HERSELF
IN ROOM TO DIE
OAKLAND, Sept. 21.— The engage
ment has been announced of Miss
Edythe Corwin to Wendell C.
Thomas. The young people have
known each other for several
years, an acquaintanceship formed dur
ing their school days having given Cupid
the opportunity which the merry god Love
did not fail to seize', as the formal an
nouncement of to-day disclosed. -Miss
Corwin Is a graduate of the Oakland High
School and among her accomplishments
possesses a marked ability in music. She
is a pianist of considerable local note.
Miss Corwin is a daughter of Mr. and
Mrs. Everett Corwin of this city.
Mr. Thomas is a commercial traveler,
in the employ of a large San Francisco
firm. He is, like his intended bride, a
graduate of the Oakland High School.
His father, Mark A. Thomas, Is one of the
prominent citizens of Oakland.
Both Miss Corwin and Mr. Thomas have
been popular among the younger social
set. The announcement of their engage
ment will be the motive for a large num
ber of interestine social affairs this win
ter in honor of the bride-prospective. The
wedding day has not been definitely set,
but the nuptials will be celebrated some
time during the coming Christmas holi
days.
Lester, Mr. and Mrs. A. Hobson, Mr. and Mrs.
G. Lester, Mr. and Mrs. Lagona, Mr. and Mrs.
Rodgers, Mr., and Mrs. Bliss, Miss Blanche
"Wimble, Harry Thornley, Mr. and Mrs. Thomp
son. Miss Katherlne Sarak, Miss Annie Hob
son, Miss Edith Hobson, Mr. and Mrs. George
Holladay. Mr. and Mrs. F. H. Williams. Mr.
and Mrs. William Watkinson. Mr. and Mrs.
Ingler. Miss Maude Ingler. Harry Ingler, Mr.
and Mrs. Young. Mrs. Becker, Mr. and Mrs.
E. S. Harbert, Mr. and Mrs. Ed Rowland. Mr.
and Mrs. Louis, Mr. and Mrs. Gracier, Mr.
and Mrs. Jesse Hobson and Mr. and Mrs. B.
Croshaw.
NAMES OFFICERS
TO ASSIST THEM
OAKLAND, Sept. 21.— The Wdingr
of Miss Matie Leonard and James
Hopper was solemnized this
evening at the residence, of Mr.
and" Mrs. Joseph E. Leonard,
parents of the bride, at 1052 Ellis street,
San Francisco. The bride formerly re
sided In Alameda, where she has many
friends. The groom is at present instruc
tor in French at the University of Cali
fornia. He is also prominent in the foot
ball work. For several years Mr. Hopper
was a leader In the university football
team, being one of its most active mem
berfe. During his university career he was
editor of the Occident for two years. He
was graduated with the class of '98. Since
then, he has engaged in journalism and
was recently admitted to practice as an
attorney. Mr. and Mrs. Hopper will
reside at Berkeley after the honeymoon.
Miss Maude Hamilton, daughter of Mr.
and Mrs. Claude Hamilton, became the
wife to-night of William G. Holladay, the
wedding being celebrated at the home of
the bride's parents, 763 Brush street. Tho'
Rev. James McDonald, assistant pastor of
the First Presbyterian Church, officiated.
The ceremony took place In the parlors,
which were decorated Jn pink and green.
Miss Genevleve Fain was maid of honor.
Miss Hamilton and Miss Ivy - Holladay
acting as bridesmaids. Albert Holladay
was best man. Miss Norma Goodmanson
played the wedding marches that ushered
in the wedding party. The bride wore a
gown of white organdie, trimmed with
white satin, and she carried a bouquet of
Bride roses.
After the wedding tnere waa a recep
tion and supper in honor of the newly
married couple. They departed to-night
on a wedding trip to Southern California.
Mr and Mrs. Holladay will reside m Bin
Francisco, where the groom is in busi
ness. Among the guests weref
Miss Norma Goodmanson, Mr. and Mrs. A.
Grand Master Morrison will take a
hand In the movement for a grand initia
tion on the anniversary of the institution
of the order and will talk to the lodgea
in Joint meeting as follows: October 7—
Magnolia, Washington, Memorial, Supe
rior and Myrtle In the ha.ll of Memorial;
8th — TTnity, Liberty, Prosperity, Olympic
said Triumph in the hall of Unity; 9th—
Valley, San Francisco. Fidelity and
Friendship in the hall of Valley; 10th—
Golden Gate. Burns and St. John in the
hall of Golden Gate; 11th — Yerba Bucna,
Franklin, Hercules and Bay View in the
hall of Yerba Buena; 12th— Harmony,
Spartan and Golden West in the hall of
Spartan; 14th— Bernal. Noe Valley, Alta,
Fairmount, Crocker. Excelsior and Eure
ka Valley in the hall of Bernal.
Grand Master Wetmore of the Jurisdic
tion of Michigan recently issued a chal
lenge to the Jurisdiction of California to
enter a competition for increase of mem
bership between the 1st of October and
the 1st of December. Grand Master Mor
rison has accepted the challenge on be
half of California, and suggested that the
losing Jurisdiction give the winning one a
banner.
Grand Recorder Spencer visited Unity
Lodge laFt Tuesday night and addressed
the membership in a very enthusiastic
vein.
Forget-me-not Lodge of the Degree of
Honor has decided to give a social In the
Red Men's building on the night of the
lfeth of October.
Grand Recorder Spencer and Deputy
Grand Manor Workman William Hanson
will adorejs the members of Liberty
Lodge at Ocean View on the 1st of Oc
tober in relation to the monster Initia
tion for the 28th of October.
Magnolia Lodge ha« decided to post
pone its monthly entertainment for thirty
.lays out of respect to the memory of the
late President.
To-morrow nlgrht Past Supreme Master
"Workman Jordan will speak to Wash
ington lA)dge and Past Grand Master
Hirshbcrg will address Kureka Valley
Lodge on celebration matters.
Th<*r« will be a grand open meetingjun
rtor the direction of the city lodset on
the night of the 2(5th in the Alhambra
Theater in the Intm-st of the celebration
of thp anniversary of the order. There
will be present all of the grand officers
and a number of prominent speakers and
in addition to the rpcaklng there will be
an interesting programme.
Special Deputy Malloy was In this .city
last week, having returned for a few days
after having made a trip in the interest
cf the order to Grass Valley. Nevada
City, North San Juan, Camptonville For
est City, Downieville, Sierra City and
other place?. During that trip he fuc
ceeded in placing twenty-eight members
in the order, twelve of these being In Si
erra City, eight in Forestville and five in
Camptonville. In the other places he
laid the seeds of workmanship which
promise a good harvest In the future.
During the past week Past Grand Over
seer Schaffner and Grand Medical Ex
aminer Mayon addressed Superior Lodge,
Past Grand Master Bahrs addressed Me
morial Lodge, Past Grand Master Dan
?orth and Past Grand Overseer Schaff
?ior addressed Alta Lodge, Past Grand
Mastrr Hirshberj? addressed Crocker
l^odge and Past Supreme Master Jordan
addressed Myrtle Lodge on the subject
(if the celebration of the anniversary of
the order.
At the several meetings where the mat
ter of the celebration of the anniversary
was talked up by special speakers a de
gree of enthusiasm was aroused and the
members promised to do what they could
to make the affair the success that it de
serves to be and one of which the visiting
supreme officers will be proud.
Prosperity Lodge has decided hereafter
to give the degrees in the amplified form.
its team having perfected itself in that
line of work. The team has been provided
with new costumes and It proposes to
carry out the degree wortc in the fullest.
Magnolia Lodge at its last held meeting
initiated four candidates and received
seven applications. This is one of the
results of the recent social session held
under the auspices of the lodge and the
liberal distribution of those delicious Mag
nolia sandwiches that are built to give
all who partake of then; that there Is
something worth living for.
3ay View Lodge has through the efforts
of Special Deputy Hawley been aroused
to an activity it has not known for mauy
vears. On the 6th inst. It initiated six
strangers and on the 13th inst. it initi
ated ten more.
During the current week the speakers
who have been selected to address the
local lodges on the subject of the anni
versary celebration will talk to the mem
bership of Memorial, Alta. Crocker ami
Myrtle lodges. The speakers are Herman
iSchaffner. P. G. O.; W. H. Jordan, P. S.
M. \\\; J. L. Mayor, G. M. E.; G. II
iiahrs, P. G. M. W.; D. S. Hirshberg. P.
<J. M. \V. and ex-G. R., and Edwin Dan
lorth, G. L.
Spartan Lodge has secured the Assem
bly Hall of the Red Men's building for a
daucing social in the near future.
On the night of the 10th of the current
month Alta Lodge held an open meeting
at which there was a large attendance,
and those who were present, ladies and
gentlem- n, were treated to an excellent
programme of music, song and literary,
as well as oratorical efforts in the inter
est of the order. The principal speaker
v»as Past Supreme Master Workman \V.
H. Jordan. After the programme thtre
traa dancing.
Ancient Order of United "Workmen.
Dr. Charles A. Dukes, who attended
McGuire and performed the autopsy upon
his body, testified that the man had come
to his death from a blow inflicted upon
his head by some blunt instrument, -which
had produced cerebritis and death. The
skull had been fractured by the blow.
There were no other wounds.
A few minutes, after leaving McGuire,
Officer McGowan testified, they heard,
frightful screams, which appeared to
come from the direction which McGuira
had taken. They ran toward the spot in
company with two other officers whom
they had met and found McGuire lying in
the middle of East street, between How
ard and Mission. He waa almost uncon
scious, but was trying to regain bis feet.
They took him to the Emergency Hospi
tal, where, after treatment, he became'
conscious again. In reply to questions of
the officers he replied that he had
been struck by some men whom he did
not know, who had disappeared in the
darkness. He did not understand why ha
should have been struck by strikers when
he was a union man himself, being a
boiler-maker.
McGowan's story of the assault was
corroborated* by Officer Edner. He said
he saw the forms of men disappearing In.
the darkness when they ran to McGulre'3
assistance, but that it was impossible to
catch or distinguish them. He saw blood
trickling down the head and face of tho
wounded man.
Struck in the Dark.
McGulre was identified by omcers
James McGowan and J. T. Edner of the
San Francisco police force as the man
they had found lying unconscious in the
street on the- morning of September 6.
McGowan testified that he was in com
pany with Edner on that morning on the
water front. About 1 o'clock, they were
attracted by the heated words of two
men in an East-street coffee saloon. The
men were arguing the strike situatton.
After listening to the men for a while,
the officers separated them and ordered
them to go home. McGuire told the offi
cers that he had arrived that day from
Alaska on the ship Fresno and that ha
had relatives living- in Oakland and the
Mission. '/.-.¦.',¦.
Pound Unconscious by Policemen.
Witness Cumming said McGulre acted
stupidly for several days after his arrival
at hia house and four, days before his
death had relapsed into a comatose con
dition from which he did not recover.
The testimony of Mrs. Mary Cumming,
McGuire's sister, was corroDorative of -
that of her husband. She had not been
told as much of the assault, however, as
her husband, her brother having been
loth to inform her of any of the details.
James Cumming, the deceased's broth
er-in-law, at whose house he died, was
the tirst witness called by Coroner Alehr
mann. He testified that McUuire'cajne
to his home on the evening of September
b and made the statement to him. that ha
had been beaten by strikers In San Fran
cisco the ntcrh't before. McGulre had told
him that just after coming off the gang
plank of the ship Fresno at the Oregon
dock on tho previous evening he had
been attacked by four men, who beat him
on the head with some blunt instru
ment. The men had knocked him down,
he said, and pummeled him into insensi
bility. But for the timely arrival cf po
lice officers he would have been killed.
He had been taken to the Emergency
Hospital for treatment and released tho
next day, when he made his way to Oak
land.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway. Sept. 21.
The following verdict was rendered to
night by the Coroner's jury, after listen-
Ing to the testimony of witnesses regard-
Ing the death of Francis McGuire, • who
died as the result of injuries inflicted
upon him by strikers on the San Fran
cisco water front: -
We, the Jury, do find that the name of the
deceased was Francis MeUulre. a native of Ire
lurid and aged u yearn ; that he came to hia
death at U4 Forty-ntth street, - Oakland, at
about 4 o'clock on September 13. and that death
was caused by cerebrltla. resulting from a
wound In the head Innlcted upon the deceased
by an Instrument in the hanui of parties un
known to this Jury.
On Wednesday all the school children of
San Rafael and Sausalito will be brought
up on a special train. That will be Marin
County day. The attendance promises to
i>e large, and the directors are puzzled to
know what to <!o with the great number
of exhibits being sent in.
SANTA ROSA. Sept. 21.— The street fair
that will open here on Monday promises
to be the most successful event of Its
kind In the history of Santa Rosa. For
the past six weeks the various commit
tees have been working almost day and
night to Insure its success, and to-night
everything Is practically ready for the
opening. The canvas pavilion, stretching
all the way. from Exchange avenue to li
street, is a novel feature. It consists of
a covering stretched across Fourth street,
tent fashion, the entire distance. It is
Kaily decorated and brilliantly lighted.
H°_Y'' n tne cent tT are erected the main ex
hibition stands, with supplemental stands
on each nlde, built directly over what is
the gutttrway when the»street is serving
1U u>ual purpose. lit ing closed at cither
end and aJl around, all teams are of course
i u f <? ul i" 1 * 1 the result is a gay. beautiful
ly lighted pavilion more than 300 feet long
and seventy-Jive feet wide.
The Midway is located around Court
house square, and the various booths are
models of their kind. The Courthouse will
be brilliantly illuminated, streamers of
electric lights etretching in all directions
from the groat dome. The entire business
portion oJ the city is decorated.
Ten stand? have been erected in prom
inent locations, and every twenty minutes
during the week free open-air exhibitions
will be given by Jugglers, acrobats and
other entertainers.
San Francisco Water
Front.
Set Upon by Men While on
Main Thoroughfare Is Trans
formed Into One Vast
Tent for the Fair.
Conclusive Evidence Put
•' Before Coroner's
**ury.
Santa Rosa's Great Pa
vilion a Novel
Structure.
STRIKERS CAUSE
M'GUIRE'S DEATH
CANVAS SPANS
ENTIRE STREET
Miss Matie Leonard and James Hopper Are
Married— W. G. Holladay, San Francisco
Business Man, , Weds Maude : Hamilton
FORMER ALAMEDA BELLE BECOMES
BERKELEY INSTRUCTOR'S BRIDE
KING CREATES
MANY KNIGHTS
Edward's Son Conducts
the Ceremonial at :
Ottawa.
Statue of Queen Victoria on
Parliament Hill Un- >
veiled.
OTTAWA, Ont., Sept. 2L— This was a
day of pretty ceremonial in the visit to
the Canadian capital of. the Duke and
Duchess of Cornwall and York. It began
with the "investment with the decoration
of their orders of the Knights created In
honor of the visit of the Duke and
Duchess. The great ballroom at Rldeau
was the scene of the investure. The scene
at Rideau Hall when, tho new Knights
presented themselves before the brilliantly
uniformed Duke and court, with its action
copied from another age, ,was a pictur
esque one.
Sir John Anderson read the royal war
rant making the rare grant of power, and
Viscount Crichton, bearing the insignia of
the orders, escorted the Knights forward
In groups. They knelt before the Duke,
who in succession touched each upon the
Hhoulder with his sword and commanded
him to arise. Lord Wenlock read the
admonition of loyalty to the crown and
their particular orders to them, and the
Duke offered each his congratulations.
After the investiture ceremony the
Duke and Duchess, escorted by a detach
ment of the Royal Canadian Dragoons
and attended by hie personal staff; drove
through the city of Hull and then on to
Parliament Hill to unveil a. statue of
Queen Victoria. The statue, from the
design, of Philip Herbert, the French-
Canadian sculptor, stands on a command
ing site on a knoll just east of the hand
some Commons building. The unveiling
of the statue was Immediately followed by
the presentation of South African medals.
LURES A GIRL
TO HER DEATH
Jealous Lover Commits
Murder and Ends ,
His Life.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
EL PASO, Tex., Sept.* 21.— At Del Rio,
Texas, a neighboring village, a . crime
shocking In its details was committed at
midnight last night. Crazed by Jealousy,
Mike Wood, a bartender, shot and Killed
beautiful Teresa Fossatti, a 19-year-old
girl, and then took his own life with a
dagger. The girl was shot through tne
heart and . Wood was slashed in more
than a dozen places.
The bodies were found at daybreak a
mile from town, near the public road.
Wood lay about fifty yards distant from
his victim. The dagger with which he
had ended his life was clenched in his
right hand.
The murdered girl had • been Wood's
fiancee and lately he became Insanely
lealous because she seemed to encourage
the attentions of a wealthy, rancher of
that neighborhood, and frequent quarrels
had .resulted. Last night Wood asked her.
to take, a walk and neither was seen
again until their lifeless bodies were
found at daylight.
Wood was 21 years old and came from
Ranger, Texas. By committing suicide
after murdering the girl he escaped being
lynched by indignant citizens.
MANY FRIENDS ATTEND
JAMES MTJNSELL'S FXTNEBAIi
OAKLAND, Sept.. 21.— Many friends at
tended the funeral services held in honor
of the late James Munsell, the well known
Insurance man, which were held this
afternoon at 2:30 o'clock from Trinity
Episcopal Church. The services were con
ducted by the Rev. John Bakewell, rector
of the church, of which' the deceased had
been a member for many years. A quar
tet of male voices sang several hymns.
The pallbearers were Colonel George C.
Edwards, Dr. Charles N. Elllngwood.
Charles Fish. Stephen T. Gap*» John
Landers. Dr. Henry Gibbons Jr. and Dr.
George Moore.
Garrity'a Widow Wins Contest.
OAKLAND, Sept. 21.— Mrs. Margaret
Garrlty was appointed administratrix to
day by Judgo Melvln of the estate of her
husband, tho late Thomas Garrlty. She
Is thus tho winner of the bitter contest
that has been wagins between Mrs. Gar
rity and Peter Garrity, the deceased's
brother. The will dated November 26 nnd
presented by Thomas Garrlty was thrown
out of court on the testimony of Mrs.
Garrlty that her husband had made one
on December 6 annulling all previous wills.
Deeded Property to Wife.
OAKLAND, Sept. 21.— Mrs. Dora Qlrard,
¦widow of the lnte former Councilman F.
R.' Olrard.' placed three deeds to real prop
erties that had been conveyed to her by
her husband before his death, on fllo In
the County Recordor'n ofllco to-day. ' The
properties are at Thirty-second and Orove
utroets In the Rowland Tract, In the Lynn
Tract In East Oakland, and In Monterey.
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 22, 1901.
Miss Edythe Corwin/ Oakland High School
Graduate and Popular Among Younger
Set of Bay City, to Marry W. C. Thomas
SCHOOL DAYS ATTACHMENT LEADS
TO THEIR ENGAGEMENT TO WED
25
The CALL Premium Atlas
is the very hest Atlas offered
newspaper readers. We invite
comparison with any other
Atlas now offered on this
coast.
This fine Atlas is offered to
CALL readers/ at the ex-
tremely low price of SI. 50.
All new six months sub-
scribers to The CALL are enti-
tled to the Atlas at the pre-
mium rate of $1.50.
CALL ATLAS IS
BEST OFFERED
ON 'THE COAST
SAN FRANCISCO BUSINESS COLLEGE,
1236 Market Street.
Actual business bookkeeping ; only expert ac-
countants and 'reporters as teachers; Gregg,
shorthand, the easiest, fastest and most read-
able. Day and evenlny. FULL COURSE. SfiA.
LEADING, BUSINESS COLLEGE OF THE-WEST
24 Post st, Saar Francisco. Cal.
Established Nearly 40 years. Open Entire Tear.
• - Write for 80-page catalogue (free).RELATING TO SOCIETY
• • •
Th* llrtt monthly Ounce of ft aerie* that In
tn bo Klvcn on the fourth \Vndni>«d>y of *nch
month at Unlnn>i«iiiaro llnll. I'ont *tront, by
• • •
A thentor pnrty wan enjoyed Wednr*rlay
(•venlnK, Beptomlier 11. •>>' th*> munbrni of tho
Twentieth CYntury Cotillon Club of Houth Ban
KrnnelHio, After thentfr the mrmbprn 'ail-
Journal to a downtown rotaurnnt. when* coven
wer« laid for fifty. Thone In charge of the
nffalr wore; MIhh Annlr> Ayern, Mrs. Counlhnn,
MIhm Mill.- J'lKullUnn, MU« Nora \u kuii, Mr*.
Troy. Minn Lttlln Turnrr, Mr*. Jlonlca, M1«n
I.mI||,< 1 ti nilcit. 'IVivni Mnlutio", MInn OudrIo
llullnhnn, Mini- Allco Turner, MIm Mny HIkrh,
Mint Kitty llowenberK. Mm. Cullry, MIm Alma
I'ftciNon, Ml* JiiNln .Miilniir-y, Mr*. Hrunlng,
MIxh Nolllo liiiwwiln'Kt hikI Mm. DoerlnR.
• • *
. The MlHseu Herthn and Jennie Llchtlg will
be at home tho second and fourth Thursday
fvenliiKH of each month.
• * *
MIfs Ullle Meyer will be home the third
Thursday of each month at 1M1S Webster utreet
• • •
Mrs. Lud Zobcl will be at home the third
Thursday of each month at 2418 Webster street.
* * •
Mr. StelnberKer of Toronto, Canada, la visit
ing his Bister, Mrs. A. Nussbaum, at 603 Taylor
etreet
* » • •
Mrs. J. Czerwlnsky and son and Miss Magr
ncr have returned from the south and will be
at home on the third Tuesday of the month
at 9C8 O'Farrell street. . ¦ ¦
•¦•.••
Mr. and Mrs. J. Moyse announce the con
firmation of their son Joseph at the Bush
street Synagogue Sunday. September 29. and
will receive Sunday afternoon at their resi
dence, 1S3S Ellis street, from 2 until 5 p. m.
« • . • %
Garret McEnerney and Louis Roeenthal left
last Sunday for the East and Europe. They
expect to be gone several months.
• » ' ?
Mrs. H. N. Butler and Miss Evelyn K.
Aronson will be pleased to see their friends
prior to their departure for New York and
Europe on Saturday, 28th inst., at 134S Geary
street
" • • •
Miss Bessie Mlghels. only daughter of the
late Major Henry Mighels of Carson City, Nev.,
will be married next Tuesday at the residence
of her aunt. Mrs. Henry G. Shaw. 1116 Devisa
dero street, this city, to Irvln G. Lewis of tne
Los Angeles Record. Hon. Samuel P. Davis,
State Controller of Nevada, and his wife, to
gether with a few Immediate friends of the
family, will be present at the wedding, which
is to be a quiet affair. Mr., and Mrs. Lewis
will proceed to their future home in Los An
geles immediately after the ceremony.
A quiet -wedding took place at noon on Sep
tember 4, when Miss Jessie L. Duff was mar
ried to Charles J. Phlpps by the Rev. Dr. S.
D. Hutslnpiller of Central Methodist Episcopal
Church.
• • •
The preparations for the grand carnival of
ancient and modern arts are being busily car
ried on. As the proceeds are to be for the
charitable purposes of* the Women's Educa
tional and Industrial Union the carnival has
created widespread Interest. It will be held at
Native Sons 1 Hall, beginning the 30th of this
month and continuing six nights.
Beautiful living pictures will represent the
art of America, England. France, Germany,
Italy and Ireland. The music, the pictures and
everything on the programme for each even
ing will be characteristic of one of these na
tions.
The carnival will open each evening with a
grand march by the participants/ These, in
their fancy costumes and with the aid of the
calcium lights, will make a brilliant scene.
The executive committee is composed of the
following: Mme. Louise A. Sorbier (manager).
Mrs. Paris Kilburn. Mrs. Nellie Blessing L.ys
ter, Mrs. P. D. Hale, Mrs. II. I. Haber, Miss
Celia Perkins, Miss Angela Sullivan, Mrs.
Hutchinson, Mrs. M. A. Cachot Mrs. Mar
garet Deane. Mrs. Louis Glass Mrs. Joseph
Spear, Mrs. W. M. Searby, Mrs. S. L; Braver
man, Mrs. M. Wheeland, Mrs. R. E. .White.
Mrs. J. M. Dixon, Mrs J. F. Blrlem. Mrs. H.
T. Berliner, Mrs. J. Franklin. Mrs. J. S.
Mitchell, Mrs. Frances Hunt.
beloved President. There is noth
ing In prospect until the period . of . official
mourning is over. There will be a few quiet
home affairs and a few charity entertainments,
but nothing else in the social line for some
time to come.
/ £^_ -^HERE has been nothing of Impor
r /^"""T tance in 'the social world during
(I \ the last sad week. 'It has been
I V I a tale of the postponement of one
\^ — L-^ social function 'after another out
' of respect to the memory of our
Among the late arrivals at Laurel Dell are:
E. R. Bacon. Mrs. H. Cohn. F. N. Lassell,
Mr. and Mrs. J. N. Brittain, Miss McCowen,
MIes Standley, C. S. Dowling, H. Forsythe.
H. P. Blanchard,- H. B. Chase. C. de Rose,
G. A. Applidorm, A. J. Jacobs, J. M. Harlan,
Carrie E. Wyler, J. e. Marldere, Frank Mug
fin, A. Strauss. N. N. Wulf, Professor Wein
scoff of New York. Mr. Belfore and wife of
London, Maggie de Rose, E. A. Payson, Jack
Wilson, Henry 'Ward and wife. E. F. Lans
dale, David J. Balrd, M. Dewitt, R. Roberts
and wife, P. Boge. - - : f • ¦ ¦
The latest arrivals at Gllroy Hot Springs
are: From San Francisco— Caotaln M. A.
Madsen. wife and child: Captain A. E. Smith,
B. A. Miller, H. H. Boden, N. A. Holllngs, E.
F. Morey. J. J. Kuhlman, Mrs. M:- E. Brown.
Miss A. M. Caffron, Miss W. E. Daley. F. D.
Parsons. From Chile, South America— Captain
Robert Peterson. From Santa Clara — James P.
Tread well. From Sacramento— M. J. O'Brien,
C. M. Colgan. From San Jose— John J. Clay
ton. Thomas E. Field. From Vlsalia— F. F.
Barton, L. W. Cowles. Oakland— Miss Lillian
Peterson, M. S. Adams. J. T. Nostrand. From
Centervllle — Mr. and Mrs. Jose Fields. From
Chualar, Monterey County— Captain- A. Ander
son, Henry T. Sawyen From Santa Cruz-
Joseph Nolan. P. J. Fltzpatrick.
At the Summer Home Farm, Glenwood/ the
following guests registered during last week:
From- San Francisco— Miss Lottie Saalbunr,
Miss E. Rosener, Miss Maggie Kerrigan, Miss
Guasle Kerrigan, E; T. Green." From Hono
lulu—H." M. Jones. Mrs. H. M. Jones. J. J.
Reynolds. From Santa Cruz— Miss M. Cooney,
M. Urlnella.
Rosco Felts and Julian' Cohen.' The party was
followed by games and dancing.
the Elsin Orchestra will take place next
Wednesday evening. . " ¦ •
Mr.- and Mrs. H.B. UnderhiH Jr. have an-i
nounced the engagement of their daughter
Clara to John B. 1 Chace. No date for the wed
ding has yet been set. •
Mr«. J. C. Gensler announces ¦ the engage
ment of her youngest daughter, Lena, to Louis
Lefkovltz. They will receive Sunday after
noon, September 29, from 2 to 5 o'clock, at 771
Eddy etreet.
Mrs. J. S. Levy of 1721 Pacific avenue an
nounces the engagement of her daughter Elsie
to Joseph Weiebaum.
A turDrlee party was given in honor of
Henry Scharlin Tuesday evening, September
17, at the home of his parents. 1621 . Bush
street. Among those present were: Miss Har
riet D. Herbst. Miss H. Packscher. Miss Mary
Meyer. Miss Clara Meyer, Miss Dora Ehrlich,
Mis3 Pauline Levit, Mies Cella Shirpser, Misa
Hannah Hartman, Miss Ray Levy, Miss Pau
line I Davis, Miss Rose Ehrlich, Miss Carrie
Ehrlich, Miss Dora Cohn. Miss Mamie Mc-
Ouirk, Mr3. Levit, Mrs. Meyer, Mrs. Ehrlich,
Mr. and Mrs. Scharlin, Al Ehrlich. Isle Gold
stein, C. Davis, Isie Scharlin, Jack Ehrlich,
Jack Scharlin, Nate Scharlin. Ed Scharlin.
Ed Heps, Theo Rosenthal, Henry Scharlin,
Herman Levit.
Mrs. M. Bonner of Los Angeles, after
an absence of two years, is visiting her
parents at 3340 Twenty-first street.
A surprise party was given in honor of Miss
Gertrude Rotholta by her friend. Miss Flora
Gollobtr, on Saturday evening, September 7,
1901, at her residence, 671 Hayes street. Those
presen* were: Misses Gertrude Rotholtz, Flora
GoUc.ber, Carrie YVolfrom, Mary Bartlett, Ma
bel Franklin. Ida Senary, ¦ Matilda Birnbawn,
Rose Rotholtz. Florence Roy, Grade Rotholtz,
Annie Gollober, Ruby Friedbergr, Master Frank
Mayers, Saul Kaiser, Miltoa Bernard, Julius
RUlInger, Georeie Katz, Joe Rosner, Lewis
Cons,tlne,. Isadore Mendleson, Isador Scharlin,
WILL ASSEMBLE
IN SYNAGOGUES
Members of Jewish Faith
to Observe an Im
portant Day.
To-night in all the synagogues of the
city the most solemn day in the Jewish
calendar will be celebrated. At sundown
begins the eve of. the Day of Atonement.
Prayers will be offered in all the temples.
The pious will ask forgiveness for their
sins and ommissions. Traditional melo
dies will be'rendered by choirs, augmented
by orchestras. The services in the even
ing and to-morrow will bo extremely
solemn and Impressive.
The congregation Beth Medrash Hozo
dol will hold services In Odd Fellows'
Hall. Special prayers will be offered for
the late President. Rabbi E. Berman will
deliver a Bormon and Cantor E. Goldstein
will officiate. A choir will render sacred
music.
At Bethany Congregational Church Rev.
W. C. Pond will preach in the mornl.ig'
on "McKlnley Among tho Immortals" and
in tho evening Judge Paterson will speuk
on "Loyalty to Our Now President."
The Rov. William Rader of tho Third
Congregational Church will preach this
morning on "Overloaded People" and In
the .evening on "Tho Religion of tho
Nation." .
Tho Rov. George C. Adams of tho First
Conitrt'gatlonnl Church will preach this
morning on "The Limitations of Liberty"
and In the evening on "Borrowing Unto
Ucpontanco."
"Reality" will be tho subject of discus
nlon at tho Flrut Church of Christ, Scient
ist, thin morning. .
'111.- rtov. Hrndford Leavltt of the First
Unitarian Church will preach thin morn-
Ing on "Tho Cost of ProgreKO."
Tho Rev. E. II. Avory of the West
minster Prosbytorlan Church will preneh
thin morning on "Present Duty of Ameri
can Citizens" and in the evening on
"Helping Comrades."
Tho Rev. H. H. Bell of tho United Pres
byteriun Church will preach this morning
on "Evidence ' of . the Resurrection of
Christ" and. in the evening on "A Big
Marn 'Builder."
Tho Rev. John Hcmphlll of Calvary
Presbyterian Church will preach this
morning on "Shall We Have Christ?" und
In tho evening on "Christ's Plain Speak
ing."
The Rev. S. D. Hutslnplller, formerly
pastor of the Central Methodist Church,
will occupy the pulpit this morning ami
evening. He will preach in the morninij
on "The Many Mansions in the Fathor's
House" and In the evening on "The In
numerable Company o\i High."
The Rev. E. A. Woods of the First
Baptist Church will preach this morning
on "The Martyr Spirit" and In the even
ing on "When to Say No," with a prelude
on "Afterthoughts on the Death ot Picbl
dent McKlnley."
The Rev. John Stephens of the Simpson
Memorial Methodist Church will preach
this morning on "The Gift of the Ascended
Lord" and in the evening on "Young
People and Their Father's God."
The Rev. A. C. Bane of the California
street Methodist Church will preach this
morning on "The Keynote for the Year.''
A rally for young men will be held this
afternoon in the auditorium of the Young
Men's Christian Association building. Thu
Rev. John D. Kerr, D. D., will deliver his
third address. The music will.be appro
priate to the death of the late President.
This evening the members of the Junior
Order Mechanics of America will hold
memorial service In the First Christian
Church on Twelfth street, near Mission.
The Rev. F. S. Ford will preach.
Memorial service will t>e held this even
ing in the California-street Methodist
Church, the only one that the late Presi
dent visited during his visit to this city.
Rev. A. C. Bano will conduct the service
and deliver an appropriate address.
The Rov. Milton D. Buck of Trinity
Methodist Church will preach this morn-
Ing on "Tho Most Important Christian
Work" and In tho evening on "Sclcntlrtc
Temperance."
The Right Rev. Etholnert Talbot, D. D..
bishop of Central , Pennsylvania, i will
preach a sermon at tho Central Mission
this evening.
The Rev. T. Brown or th© Starr Kln»
Afrtcan Methodist Church will preach this
morning on "The Ulhlo, tho Christian's
Text Book," and in tho evening on "What
a. Boy Can Do." « ,i. ¦ >
Vandals Get Six Months.
Ch&rlei McLaughlln and John Kennny,
who were convicted by.Jmlgo Conlun Fri
day of a charRO of ninllcloiiB mlochinf for
tearing down mourning drapery and flngs
In front of n. Kiocory ut Twoniy-founn
and llampuhlrcs BtreutM, appeared for «on
tence yesterday. Tho .IikIro, nfter severe
ly rebuking them for thflr dl«gruceful
conduct, »entnnced them to nerve six
months each In the County Jail.
A Reminder.
Tht last days of Rale for low rate Excursion
Tickets to the Pan-American Kx^sltlon at
Buffalo will be October S and 4. On}* IS? for
the round trip. The California Llmued leaves
at 0 a. m., October 9. Becure your reservations
early at the oftlce of the Santa Fe, 641 Market
street.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 22, 1901.
26
Have you dandruff? Then you have
a contagious parasite disease, unpleasant,
unhealthy and one that will eventually
lead to baldness. To cure it you must
destroy the parasite that eats at the root
of the hair. The. only preparation for
destroying these germs Is Newbro's Her-
picide. Charles Klein of Laramie, Wyo..
Bays: ¦ "Herplcide allayed the itching,
cured the dandruff and stopped my hair's
falling out; and it is bringing a new crcp
of hair." Herplcide is free from grease
or dangerous drugs, and makes hair glos-
sy and soft as silk. One bottle will con-
vince you of its merits.
In "Herpicide," the Hew Scientific and
Successful Dandruff Treatment.
2TO GREASE OR DANGEROUS
DRUGS .
MRS. NETTIE HARRISON
DERMATOLOGIST.
78-80 Geary St. Son Francisco.
before it spoils your beauty, and puts
the seal of age on a youthful face. /.
MRS. NETTIE HARRISON'S
4-Day Hair Restorer
Is a harmless preparation that restores
gray or faded hair to its natural color,
without any inconvenience or disagree-
able after effects. Not a dye; cleanly
to use; free from . sediment or sticky
matter. Price $1.00 a bottle. All drug-
gists. ¦ . '
Stops
Gray Hair
P. O. EL VERANO, Cal.. Verano Station
(Kings. CroBsing), on California Northwestern
Railway. Hot mineral baths near by. Term*
fl per day and upward. PETER GOUILIIAR-
DOU, Lessee.
BELLBVUE HOTEL.
The only place in the United States where
Vichy Water Is abundant. The only natural
Klectrlc Waters; Champagne Baths; Springs
Numerous; Baths Unequaled. Three miles from
Uklah. J. A. REDEMEYER & CO.,
. Proprietors.
VICHY SPRINGS,
LAKEPOltT AND BARTLETT SPRINGS
STAGE LINE.— Hopland to Bartlett Springs,
via Lakeport, carrying passengers for Lake-
port nnd Bartlett Springs. Stages connect
with trains at Hopland. Leave Hopland at
12:30; arrive at Lakeport at 3:80; arrive «t
Hartlett Springs at 7:50. New 6-horse U-pas-
*eni?er tourist wagons, made to order for this
stage line, with all the most modern improve-
ments. Passengers for Lnlceport or Bartlett
HpringH call for tickets by Bartlett Springs
Htaee Line.
MILLER A HOWARD, Proprietors.
AMTJBEMENT3.
PHI IIIURIA SAN FRANCISCO'S
vULUin_DIA LEADING THEATRE
TO-NIGHT.
TO-MORROW BEGINS THE
SECOND and LAST WEEK.
Mr. Melville Stoltz Presents
THOS. O...
SEABROOKE
In Sydney Rosenfeld'3 Uomantlo Comic Play,
A MODERN CRUSOE.
An Admirable Supporting Company, Including
MISS ISABELLE EVESSON.
PRICES J150, |1, 75c, 60c, 35c and,25c
R^ffJgff? SEPTEMBER 30,
• Under the Direction of . v
Messrs. John C. Fisher and Thos. "W. Ryley.
1OO— IN THE GREAT CAST— 1OO
The Musical
Hit of Three
Continents.
DIRECT FROM THE*
NEW YORK CASINO.
BEATS ON BALE NEXT THURSDAY.
GRANDS
LAST MATINEB AND N1OHT OF
"RICHjOslElJ."
Week beginning TO-MOnrtOW (MONDAY)
JOSEPH HAWORTH
IN. 'vr- 1
"DR. JEKYLL AND MR, HYDE."
Founded on Xtobert Louis Stevenson's Story. '
POPULAR PRICES: 10c, IBe, 25c, 50c. 78c.
Hood Orchestra Beats All Matinees, 28c.
Hmnch Ticket Office Emoorlum.
GHUTESandZOO
The Standard Quartet, Camelia and
Amelita, Val Vousden^Lynton and
Wild, Ada Sweeney, James J.
Mackey, New Moving Pictures. v
Amatenr Night • • Thursday
Cakewalk Night ¦ ¦ Satorday
Telephone tor Seats, Park 23.
dPENNIGHTS
SUTRO BATHS. '
¦ « Open dally from ,7 a. I m. to ; ll . p. m.
•.' :.'•:;. Bathing from 7 a, m. to 10:30 p. m.
ADMISSION, IOC. CHILDREN, 6C.
Bathing, Including admission, 25c. Children, 20c.
Santa Fe Trains
Ixtivw Mil rk>t. street Ferry Depot.
bI l/5cal iiim'd Ovrf'rt *I<ocnl
Dally * Dally Dally
Lv. 8nn Krnn 1:i')n. 9:00 a 8:00 p 4:S0p
Ar. Htorkton. in:lD n 11:45 a 11:10 p 7:18 p
'• Men-M.... 12:23 p 1:17 p l:l«n 0:11 p
" rroimo.... 2:03 p 2:SS p 8<05 a lO:COp
" Unnfnril.. 8:12 p 8:27 p 7:00 a
•• vimiiu.... 3:40 p 4:4Sa ........
•• nakr«n#l<1 6:1G p 6:10 p 7:30 a
" Kan. City S:40a 7:30 a
" _</ 1 '! rBgc !'"-L"i i -'"l. 8!lg v 1 9!(l ° t» ly-'J:,'.',
a for morning, p for aftprnoon.
») ti. in. train Is the Cnllfornla Ltm-
ltpd. leavlnjr Monday and Thursday only,
rarrylnd Palace Rlneplns; Cars and Dlnlnff
Cars throuth to Chicago. Chair Car runs
to Dakerefleld for, accommodation of local
first-class passengers. No second-class
tickets honored on this train. Correspond-
ing train arrives at 5:C5 p. m. Tuesday and
Friday.
4:20 p. m. Is Stockton and Fresno local.
Corresponding train arrives at 12:30 p. m.
.dally. '
8:00 p. m. is the Overland Express with
through Palace nnd Tourist Sleepers anfi
Free RecllnlnK Chair Cars to Chicago; also
Palace Sleeper, which cuts out at Fresno.
Corresponding train arrives nt 6:S5 p. m. :
dally. ? . ¦ ..
7:20 a. m. ie Bakersfleld Local, stopping,
at all points in San Joaquln Valley. .Corre-
sponding train arrives at 8:40 a. m. dally.
Officcf— 611 Market street and in Ferry.
Depot, San Francisco; 1112 Broadway, Oak-,
BAILWAY TRAVEL.
* AMUSEMENTS.
Week Commencing This Afternoon, Sept. 22
Vaudeville's Jeafflng Lights!
ATTRACTION EXTRAORDINARY!
THE SVENGALIS,
Bewildering*, Mysterious, Thrilling*.
PRESS ELDRIDGE
Amerlca'i Greatest Parodist.
' PARROS BROS, -
Aerobnti ExtraonllnAry.
dorothTmorton
Tho Comfo Opera Queen.
Misses DELMORE & GO.
In "The Drldej-room's Reverie."
MR, and MRS. KARSY
and ttehjjIMT MYRIOPHONE
STELLA LEE .
Vivacious Comedienne.
MARSH and SARTELLA
Singers and Dancers.
New Pictures on BIOGRAPH,
Including one of the late PRESI-
DENT with MBS. McKINTjEY . and
friends on the Observatory at Mount
Tom, Holyoke, Mass.
Parquet 25c any seat; Balcony, 10c: Chil-
dren. 10c. any part except reserved. A few
front Orchestra rows reserved, 50c; rront rows
of Balcony, reserved. 25c. -
: • ¦ . ' ¦ ' ' -C.- ¦¦%]"'_ y,.y..;
. THE RECORD BREAKER.
TO-NIGHT. ALL. THIS WEEK.
MATINEE SATURDAY ONLY.
H/V*7*'CJ Best Work
1, lUy L O » nd Masterpiece
A TEXAS STEER,
ALIi STAR COMPANY.
Direct from Hoyt's Madison ( Square Theater,
New York.
FRICEB-2Ee. 35e. SOe. 75c. |L
. BEATS NOW SRLLINO.
Next Sunday Nlght-WEST'S BIO MIN-
8TREL JUHIL.EE. :
BEAT8 THURSDAY.
com^nemft MATINEE TO-DAY (SUN.)
TO-NIOUT and All Next Week.
An Elaliorato Production of the Famous Play,
LITTLE LORD
FAUNTLEROY.
Magnificently 8tatrcd and Presented by the
Augmented Central Theater Company.
PRirPC Evenings 10c. ISc. tuc, 33c. 60o
rnlWCO Matinees.. ..:. ....10c, lie. 25e
t%ff H IAT R ST^A>
MATINEE TO-DAY AT 2.
J TOi-NIGHT AND SUNDAY— LAST TIMES.'
FLORENCE ROBERTS.
THE TAMING
OF THE SHREW.
NEXT MONDAY NIGHT.
FLORENCE ROBERTS' FAREWELL WEEK,
Extraordinary Revival
SAPHO.
EXTRA SOUVENIR MATINEE THURSDAY.
prcruiTR'Q concert house.
r lOUil£<n O AdmlsRion IOc.
• Lester Reeves, Pearl dough and Arthur Rou-
sell; Robert Nome. Cora Granvllle, Ljnton an4
Wild; the v Bernards, Prof esaor Showern and our
unrivaled orchestra.
Reserved Seats, 23c. Matinee Sui.day.
AMTJSEMEMTS.
EVENINGS AT 8 SHARP.
MA TINEE SA TURD A Y AT 2 SHARP.
"DELIGHTING THE CITY."
GRAND OPERA
PAUL STEINDORFF Musical Director
To-Night-- CARMEN
* WEEK OF SEPTEMBER 23<f,
ANOTHER GREAT BlLL! v
Monday, Wetlnendny, Friday, Paturdiy
First ITouuctlon at this house of Verdi's lubll-
cai t>pera,
(NEnUOHADNRZZAn.)
SALASSA In the Ro!c o? the King.
ItAnOARKSCItl— DADO, rOlXKTTINI
MAGNIFICENT MOUNTING ar.tt OOSTL'U-
Tuesday, Thursday, Hun.iiy Nl«ht» and Satur-
day Matlno*.
Owing to th>» Tremendous Demand,
With the 8ama Splendid Cast. Includln*
COLLAMARINI.
POPULAR PRlCES~25c, 50c and 75c
Telephone Bush 9.
UNION COURSING PARK
JOHN GRACE, Judge; JAS. F. GRACE, Slipper
TO-DAY, SUNDAY.. ..„. SeDtember 13
Champion
Stakes.
. .. .10-4 .v;;
NOMINATIONS
...1O4 .. .
JICOO TOTAL PURSE 11000
TRAIN 8EHVICE.
Leaves Third and Tawnaend 1 streets 10:tJ
5-..i n " J J f; , m ". 13 m - and * P. m.: Twenty-
fifth and VuWiciii streets flve minutes later.
Returnln* «t 4:« p, m. and after the last
course. Ban Mateo clectrlo cars every six
mtnutps. SVCM
ADMISSION 25 CENTB. LADIES TOEE.
Racing Jg^ Racing
AT CAUFOItNIA JOCKET CLUD TRACK AT
EMERYVILLE.
Under the Auspices of the
GOLDEN OATE RACINO ASSOCIATION.
HcKtnnintf munhav, Sept. la-Conttnuln«
Eight t'ivr«
Great TROTTING and PACING Events.
Three or More RUNN1NO RACE3 Each Day!
Berkeley tratnn meet boat.* from foot of Max*
ket street every halt-hour direct to track.
• ' RACING t RACINO ! RACINOt
BASEBALL.
SAN rRANCISCOvs. OAKLAND.
TX>-DAY AT 2:30.
RECREATION PARK,
Eighth and Harrlaon stre<-U. :' .-
PALACE HOTEL.
For a quarter of a century the3e
hotels have been the headquarters oi
tourists and travelers who have
journeyed from all parts of.ths world
to San Francisco. Guests enter-
tained on the American or European
plan. " ' ' •
GRAND HOTEL. '
SOUTHERN PACIFIC.
Trains lft«««- -....I Mr* Hwm la nirlii m»
M*K I'd % M'l%« <>.
(Main Line, root ot iluket Street)
HA.TB — ritOII JrLT II 1201, — iiK»IT»
~io«a Brnlcta, HnUuu, lllnjlr* and Beer*'
- iin-i:t.. , eitsr
"iO«4 V»o»»Ul«, WUtm. llnusej 7iftSr
<i3ua MfcrUncT. hniiltutiioti.Viili.jo. M»j»,
('al)tl«cs«u«lH«iiiii Ittita Oit3r
KiO«A Davit, U Oodlfcud. Kul^UU Liudln^,
Mkr>««lll«. <>ro«lilr ?i«nv
K:O«* Aii.i,tl<- r.ipreM-Ooilen and EmI< I«it3r
m««* Xtl-js. Lstlirjp, btocktoa , <i8»r
ssttOiMlm. MunduU, Hsnford, VltsUt,
l'oitrrrl:lf 4(03ff
¦:SUa Chwu Uzprnss-IMTU, Willlinw (tat
li«j-Jrft Rprine*). \VUlo«v, lt*d
i;:i.H. I>uri:nnd. 7l K 9r
••••* Ran .lute, l.itrnnojr, Htockloti,
I'n.e. taeraitirtito. I'licrrtille,
• MbijutIi;.. riiic.i. PM mult 4tS3r
HiS0a Oakdalr, Uklacsa (Yosemlte), Bo-
oora. Carvers 4s93y
:>tno» Tlaj wiitJ. Miln »ud War Bu.tloin.. • l :».¦>*
»:«Ca Vallrjo U.tZr
biVtta Los Atigelet Exprcu — Msrtlnm.
Tracy, liStlirop. .Stockton, Uerot-d
Froiuo and Ixic Ajuro'a 7:35r
»t3«4 V»l|. |.,, Martinex ana Wty KlaCotu 7>Har
IO:OUa Th« Orerlni.1 i Jir.lted— O(d«D, l)«o-
»«. Omaba. Chic*e» ¦ Oi«3*
fltOOp Sanhinriitii Cltrr riip.ninn. . „ f8iO«A
8:3O r II»jitar<l, NO-r. m-tl Wty Ktttlo'si.. ?:33r
«t««r Itenlcia. \ristrn. Haorauieuto.
V, ., ...liM.d. Kultliti jAudlnc.
W,ir r .rii:«. iHotiUe 10:33a
¦tiuor Murtliim, han JUuion, Vallejo.
Kapa. (!Rll8ti>Ea, Hunta Itrma MiBSl
\ »Ofip m'.m, Llrcrmore. Stockton. Lodl... 12:25*
4W:i«m- lieymtrd. M 1 **. r-a:i.li.ii>-, IJurmon ISiSSa
«:S»F I-crt Cos a. Tracy. Lathrop, Btockton 1«j23a
S:UOf> Tli« On-1 Uniitnd— Frmun. Tularr.
lUkerzdeM. >San(in for Huntm itar-
l»»ra, Los A nr>tle» 8:33a ¦
r.toorMartlmc, Atitioch, Btockton, Mer-
ced, Fresco 19:25?
B«O«r Yosaicit* lSiSSy
ftxS*r New Or:«nn Erprr* — Menaota,
Fresro, Bakeniinid. <<os Anjelea,
U n.ing. El l'a«o, New Orlaans
ttid 1j« 7i55a
Ci:««r l!fc)»«ul, Mien kiitlKi.li Jos* 7i5IS»
4«il»«i|. ViilleJ lli2S4
«.:Ot»i "i .-r.tkl M«ll— Ofileta. ObeycDBs,
Otnalta. CIi«ct»<. 1S|SS»
liOOr Orieiiiu.1 A'.ail— OgdeB, Dcnter,
r;t Lou'.s. <::.im>o , «i»a»
*tO«r <ii>-f'><> san«t l'«tlliirnla Ki|<rrss,Mte>
rmiiniilii Mmj»»|llf, Itm1illii(,
|-.«L!-.,.i. |'n K «t Huiih.1 and I ..k StSSA
• i «•."»!• 8au I*ab'o. Tort Coata, Martloes
K..rt Wair MUUoua HiCSa
I'tOSr Vallr)» 7tft»»
COAST LlNi: (N.nou UaBft).
(I'lM.tnt M»rkftHlre«t.>
It »43» B»tit« » 'rut U*eurs!uu tu »*•»•• Onu
and Yi:uM'.\,t\ Way Button* J»iO3»
• ll.t* TJrnuil..l'>'lilrl»l:|p,l all.liit*. CrttDII,
lloiiMnrCritV.HtiiUUntltlidWat
HUtluiX , ftt»»»
t*il» r N, »,,t, <!».,t«tfmi>, hi>ii Juts, N«w
Almailvu, I 1 rlum, Jloulnw t.'rffok.
liaiiiu < ni« ami Irlurlfal Wai
diaUoiis IOiI)»a
«iir»r Jifumk, Nan ,l..p, l«««!»to» tNi*"*
»«tlftr Uirturoid.nfrtiliitit O»>.HMiUCrss »"ia»A
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
rrtmSlI rKM.Cl:CD-r..ui %\ snUl Mt*n {Slip t)-
41:11 t/OJ ll:O0t.M. 1:03 J.90 6ll6f.M,
rn*(iiii.»«»-f«i. i H(ii l i«». 1 -.tii.iio jo oo is ci
i0:UO«.M. 13X3 1:03 «iC3r.M.
COAST Iii MS (Itrnsd Uaag*).
, t • : (Tlilnl nnd lawttMtid Hit.)
"i.iI»a oaa Jototii'l VVt; Hutlimt . UiUoa
1* IHU ,ln-»»"il Wojr nutl.ini IiK«p
/7ii>"« N«w Alms a—. /4i1Of
}.<U«a Butidiy ICxmmlon for Han Jtta,
Hai in C'nu. rielRo Orors ami
lV.uri|*l War HUUODI {tlltr
»>••» hau .Ins*. HellUUr. Mn.ta (Init,
r»r!iir tlrotr, t-allnts. San Lull
Ohiiipo. Haota Darbmra and l'rlu-
di'» lntcrrm-rtUtc Htatlunt 7t30r
IOiBOa Rail J. »t and Wiy Btkiloos «;UOf
I ItSUA Han Jiiih bimI War NUllon OiUtlr
fJilOr Sun Mat™, ltrdwi.o.1, Mmlg Park,
Tain Atto, hanla Ui»ra, Km Jiiaa.
llol'lcter. Smila «:rn/.. Balloaa,
Wuiileir^anU Pacllig tlrnT 1IOt43a
tiSOr tta Jnur, Ties PIdoi, fitut* Cruz,
l'^eine Orore and \Y«y titaliont 4tl0p
• Itlftr Saii.l<.»rim<ll'rliiciral Way KUtlom lti4St
Il.oiir han Jcwr. Los (latos and Trludpal
Wa«8taUon* 1»tOOi
AlSOir t-»ii.ln«f nml 1'rlncipal \V«j8i»tlout Si SO A
Otnor Kcdirojd. ran Joh>. Gllrny, Btiinas,
Banta Barbtn, Lot Aujtlet 10:00a
•irHOp (•»!,. 1..b«»ii.1 Wajr Ktatloul 1»>«u*
ell :•*•¦>!¦ San ,l<«r mifl War HUtlntit Tl3«r
A for M«>riilug. 1' for A f ternooa.
1 Hiiurtar eteepted. \ Pnndar only.
• BaturdaronlT. « Monday. ' ,".
• Saturday in 1 Bandaj. / Toesdayt sad Frldajj
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
; •/; Via SausoIHe F*rry. •• •
Comtntinclna; April S3. 1»OU
FROM BAN KUANUI8COTO .MILL VALLBT
ANU BAN llAFAHL.
WI'.r.K DAYH-6:M, l:«0, »K:J9. u a. m..
K:<S. *l:4S, 1:16. 4:lS, B:1B. 'i;:\ 6:43 p. ra.
EXTHA TMPS-Kor Mill Valley and Ban
Itafarl on Mondays, Wrdneedays, Saturday*
and Hundsys at V:xo and 11:40 p. m.
UUNUAY8-7:00. B:00. »l:00, 'IOiOO, 11:00. 11:10
a. in.. lt:U, «l:3fi. 2:30. '3:45. 6:00. 6:00, 7:39
p. in. 11:00 a, m. does not rua to Ban itafaol
tiundays,
Truins marked <•) run to Ban Quentln.
FROM BAN JIAFAEL TO BAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYB-»5:«, i:27, 1A1, 8:35. 10:13
a. m., »lJ:a. 1:16. 1:20. »3: 88, 4:40. 6:30 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays at R:4S and 10:00 p. m.
BUNDAYB— «*. •1:00. »:45, •11:00 a. m.. »H
m.. 1:00. 2:15. -3:30. 4:20. •5:45. C:4$, 7:30, lO:lv
p. m.
Trains marked (•) start from Ban Quentln.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DATS— 6:45, <:45, 7:SS, 8:55. 10:33
a. m., 12:33. 1:4S. 2:4$, S:KO, G:I0. 6:20 p. ra.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:36 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 6:35, 8:00, 10:03. 11:10 a. m., 12:15,
1:20. 8:30, S:45. C:00. e:J5. 7:15. 10:30 p. m.
THROUGH TRAINS.
(:E3 a, m. week days— Catadero and. way sta-
tions. . . .
3:15 p. to. Saturdays— Cazadero and way sta-
tions.
8:03 a, xn. Sundays— Caxadero and way sta-
tions.
10 a. m. Sundays— Point Reyes and way sta-
tions. ¦
CALIFOBNIA NORTHWESTEBN BY. CO.
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlburon F«rry. Foot or Marti** 0*>
Can Francisco to 6nn ftafuc!.
WEEK DAYS-7:»0, 9M. 11:00 a. in.; 12:55.
3.M. CIO, 6:30 p. m. Thursdayi-Extra trip
at 11:20 v. in. Saturdays— extra trlpa at l:S0
and 11:20 p. in.
EUNDAYS— 8:00, 9:30. 11:00 a. in.; 1:30, 3:30,
6:00. S;20 p. in.
6on Knk'acl to Son Frnnclsco.
WEEK DAY8-«:10. 7:60. 9:20. 11:10 a. m.; 12:45.
3.40. 6:1S p. m. Saturdays— Cxtra trips at 1:SI
and £:3S p. in.
EUNDAYS— 8:10. S:«; 11:10 a. m.; 1:40. 3:40.
6:05, 6:25 p. m.
Leave I In Effect j Arrlvo
San Francisco. |Aprll 28. 1901. [ San Franclgco.
"Week I Sun- I " Sun- I Week
Pays. I dayw. [ De*tlniitlon. | days. | Days.
7:S0 am 8:00 am Novato. 10:40 am 8:40 am
3:30 jim 9:30 am Petaluma, 6:05 pm 10:25 am
6:10 pm 6:00 pm Santa Rosa, 7:35 pm C:20 pin
~ ¦ FuTtorT
7:30 am Windsor, 10:25 am
5:00 pm Healdsburg, 10:40 am
Lrtton,
Oeyewvllle,
S :30 pm 8:00 am Cloverdale. 7:35 pm C:20 pm
7:30 ami 6:00 pml Hopland 110:40 am|10:25 am
3:30 pml 8:00 am| and Uklah. I 7:35 pm| 6:20 pm
7:30 am 10:40 am 1 10:25 am
8:00 am Guerneville. 7:35 pm
3:30 pm 5:00 pm | 6:20 pm
7:30 am 8:00 ami Sonoma I 9:15 am 8:40 am
I and I
5:10 pm 6:00 pm| Glen Ellen. | 6:05 pm 6:20 pm
7:J0 ami 8:00 ami 110:40 am 1 10:25 am
8:30 pm| 6:00 pml Sebastopol. | 7:35 pm| 8:20 pm
Stages connect at Santa nosa for Mark West
Epringv and White Sulphur Springs; at Fulton
for Altruria; at Lytton for Lytton Springo; at
Geyeerville for 8kagc B Hpringg; at Cloverdale
for the Geysers; at Hopland for Duncan
Hprlngg, Hishland Springs, Kelseyvllle. Carls-,
bad Eprlnirs, Soda Day, I^akeport and llartlitt
Hprirgs; at Uklah for Vichy Sprints, Saratoga
Hprlnss, Blue Lalie*. Laurel Dell Lake, Witter
Kprln|js, Upper Lake, Porno, Potter Valley,
John Day'*, Riverside, Llerley's, nucknell'v,
Kanhedrln llelehts, nullvllle, Orr*i Hot
Bprlnes. Mendocino City. Fort I'.rnRK. West-
port, Usal. WlliliB, Ijaytonvtlle, Cummins,
ikhh Rprlnci, Harris, Olien'i, Dyer, Bcotla
•nd Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duerd rat**.
On Pundays round'trlp tickets to all points
beyond Kan Unfurl at half rates.
Ticket ofnet, e&0 Market street. Chronicle
bulldins, ,'; ,v
n. C. WHITING. n. X. RTAN.
Pen. Manager. O»n. Vntm Ant.
rnEBt Frtiscf -" .
'."¦VArrtyrwils |H>rnmncully rnnovfld by Dn.
MUB. A. W. TrtAVkllHK.
liulldliiK. 1170 Mnrkrt St..
»¦•• -i?**/2NC: ultl1 1l11 ' 'l'Ctrln npi'dl". without
iV^fejw 'Ajf pain or scar. Klret slttlniT free.
¦¦?Mlry i s> *W llmiri". 1 to 4 p. m. Urnhmun
tliW» • Jjl'iill^t Cream Cue; Kruhmnn Tooth
r*w —^Sj 'I'owdcrn, 25c. All druwlstn.
WwkPtoM?^ r -" r «" "'ock uhvays nt J. 8. Volts
SUPERFLUOUS HAIR.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
RAILWAY TRAVEL.
If uou are having trouble in getting a corset
to fit and uou are not entirelu pleased with uour
appearance try one of our straight-front shapes,
We do not ask uou to huu. All we want is to
show uou what we can do. We show more stules
at popular prices than anu other house in San
Francisco. Ramsmbsr, W3 fit and alter all
corsets free of charge,
We have the best + < <• -^ We have the best three
Ftraight Front Corset you. f tm A dollar corset made— the
ever taw for the money; nedfprn — made of fin«
rr.n<1<? In the latest style: ®»«*»2. Black Italian and English
very low buet and Ions Wu} Coutll; bened with gonu-
hlps; bias cut and full I*^bP ' ne whalebone; low bust
Kor?d; black, white and t I V^ and medium length hips.
"price, $1.00 per pair, A>>s Price, $3X0 per pair.
<i S# \ REDFERN STRAIGHT
cTrniriiT n>n"T **m i^&jtrJSL \ FRONT. made of fine
FTRAIOHT J-I.U*»1, tne aJp'J' \ ninrV Italian nnrt W'hlf^
t,.«. .),,,.» niir- cifn>mplt> B»StW V \ t»iacK Italian B,na \\ nue
made of Black Sateeit. / / ? P i ! J ?°* ? Is partlcu-
Gray and White English 7WM / lajly adapted to reduce full
Price, $L50 per pair. Price, $3^00 per pair.
r~r>.T^,,~ VVARNER'SlS. - il|\ REDFERN STRAIGHT
STRAIGHT FRONT. mm-moorl K» \ FRONT, made of an extra
with the iredlum hiph bust ZINGARAJ 7 \ tine quality of French
effect, long hip; made of STKAtcKT-nxWr / \i Coutll. very low bust:
Jllack Italian fine Gray and N~ ' ¦* Jons hip; full pored and
White Coutll; full Bored; IVAniWR «rV( P b!as cut = heavily boned;
bias cut; well boned. • . L.nAUlMx blYLE black and white
Price, $2.00 each. of to-day. p r j ce> $6.00 per pair.
Have you Been our FaJl Waist? "U'e are ahcwlne a very pretty all-wool flannel
walet at *l r,0 each. Also a Silk Taffeta Waist, button down back, tucked and
lancy hemstitched yoke, at $5 00 each.
Gp&SG&nt Corset Go asf
742-744 MARKET ST., I successors to | 1157 BROADWAY,
SAN FRANCISCO. | FREUD'S CORSET HOUSE | OAKLAND - - CAL.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
All new six . months sub-
scribers to The CALL are enti-
tled, to the Atlas at the , pre-
mium rate of SI. 50.
.This fine Atlas is offered to
CALL readers at the ex-
tremely 'low price of $1.50.
. The CAiLIi Premium Atlas
is the very best Atlas offered
newspaper readers. ,¥e invite
comparison with any other
Atlas now" offered pn this
coast.
BEST OFFERED-
ION THE COAST
CALL ATLAS IS
DDrTCUT7Q' r OR barbers, bak-
X>ii U U nil O ers. bootblacks, bath-
bouses, billiard tables.
brtwers, bookbinders, candy-tr.akrrs, canners,
flyers, flourniills, foundries, laundries, paper-
Liineera, . . printers, painters, shoe factories,
lUUrmcn, tar-roofers, tanners, tailors, etc.
BUCHANAN BROS. '
Krush Manufacturers, C09 Sacramento st
0ft CHICHCVTCH'B ENGLISH
pEHMYROYffiL PSLLS
' Br-^TTW . . ~- Orl«l»al and iialj Oeanlno.
try*^*(g3\ ln UE1) »u4 Unld tnstalllo bom. ttilti
ifaA SrWJf« thlll ' l<rtbb0ll -T»keno€rther. RcPhjo
PJ T 4 *Xp Jf B *CPr«MS fub«Ut»Uoo« and ImlU.
I L'f • »T «•»•• Buyef jmr Dnttin. or»rnd4o. In
— \Tji_A r , . £«"» *««U. lO.OUATntlnoaitl.. Hold •.»»
TU BasMltw fury— tot *r Mkrktt 8k
ii(M ••« »«»<•- , •¦Hive a*N m»
8^) A. M. 1 WITTTK nAVR ( V™ *' ¦>•
sstjts^-— :-r~«" J tats
8O0a. M.) ;;> • 12:16 p.m.
SAO a.m. 1:15 P. U.
10.00 A. M. I inWDATa ' 8:30 P. I*.
120 r. m. y 6*0 p. K.
840 p.m.] ' • ¦ ¦ - ¦ . . I 7:10 p. it
ftn. (u rriMliM M SiuM nl htui, |1.N
Ticket Offices, 621 Market St., ficSansaU to Perry,
MOUNT TAMALPAI5 RAILWAY
ADVERTISEMENTS.
NEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
¦fl-l-l- I**** ****** ************ ****** &.<r&-Hr*W-*****f
II Dry Goods «^^^fe Company, j
•I* . - . • j~ _ ,-ii-T . ¦ • J.
I ...ANOTHER SHIPMENT... *
I THREE INTERESTING ITEMS. J
+ A FULL SUIT OIF %
t /1\ Melrose Suiting, French Poplin, t
± \ / Birdseye Granite or Striped Fru- a^ a t
f c \ nella Cloth, in all the leading Ak Mil |
j« shsdfis for '4b5iw^»f 5
I A FULL SUif OF t
J ('2\ P eau Gant > Striped Armure a» »^ |
I w Suitings or 'Granite Zibeline, in 5| hl| ¥
j all the leading shades, for fl bvw ?
* A FULL SUIT OF |
•m3^ . Camel's- Hair Melange, French ?
i v§^/ Shooda Cloth or Chevron Suiting *** t
*] (solid colors), in all the leading wU |||| t
± » shades, for ' ija WU j-
Icity of ?arIs~dry goodsTcompany, I
• - - £E. Corner Geary and Sbdrton Sfcrasts, San Fransisss. f
I', UNION SQUARE.
•• MAIL AND EXPRESS ORDERS RECEIVE IMMEDIATE ATTENTION j£
¦i-i-fpto- ****** ¦!'¦!¦ ¦!•¦:•¦:¦•:- ¦s-i-m-h- ¦r-i-M-j-t- **~h*** ******- -r-i-i-M- ****
" :^^^^_ *>*^- i»y»<C>— —- A
Folders Tell ¦]
All About Them.
i Call at this office and ask the ticket agent for a
folder descriptive of the Burlington Overland
j Excursions. It contains a map of the United
: States, time tables, illustrations of the exterior and
¦ the interior of Burlington tourist sleeping cars, as
: well as a great deal of information likely to be of
; value to persons contemplating an eastern trip,
j It's free, of course.
1 fP^siiTJ^'l^t V I '^' ir Burlington Overland Exclusions 1-avr San Franchco Tucidaji
*ffifll m tn^ Thursdays- -Omahj, Chicago, Kansas City, St. Louis —
Jy^^-tJJl EVERYWHERE Eait.
nfc Ticket Ofticr, 631 Markrt Strrrt
< IB^SCThSaSawl W. D. Sinborn, General Actnt, San FranclKO.
itxawimujMiiiiin mi ¦waiTi.i-iT.i^'wiw ihiiiimi a» ntmmm ¦¦ iniii, jHJiLWWiumwrww '.switiamsa
jr Fade Powder
tor summer: keeps off freckles and
blemishes. Absolutely pure. Sample
free. ¦ J. A. Pozrom. 8L I.ouls, Mo.Out on thn Face
COLON. Colombia. 8tpt. SI, .via tJnl
.vcnton.— It .Is announced that th« V«no
suelnn Oovernmeivt hn* canceled tho an
notntment of I. H, Curdoae., the Vciu'tnc
Inn Consul «t Pnnnma. The Krenob
crulfer Buchet has returned to Colon nnt
l« likely to bnhere for some, time.' The
Colombtnn guiiboiu Ovncr»l Pinion U lay.
Iiik vi ji ut Culon,
Cnncels Appointment ot Consul.
8AI.T IJVKI-5, IMnh, Bcpt, SU-A mar
supposed to bo l'"ri\nU Mitchell wun struci
nml Instnntly killed by n Ulu Orund« irnh
In this city last Tuesday night. Then
was nothing nbout the mnn by which ,tc
Identify him, except n notebook bearliu
tho inuiir. "I'tank Mitchell" nnd tho ad
vcrtUtmcnt of t\ Urns* Vnlfoy (Cnl.) boot
»iotv. The body was burled Wednesday
by tho county officials.
KUUd by Train in Utah
\ Jnnu* J. Hughen. residing at lfi« T«
hnmu street, an assistant to the. trucV
driven* of C, U. Rode, was assaulted tail
nlsht «t Fourth and Brnnnan ttr««t« bj
wtrikpra. llughen t?lnlmii that he was »ur
rounded by a crowd of men and was aakev
to Join the men on strike. When he re
ru»«-il to do «to ho wa« kicked utul bQAtei
nnd rohbed of %\\\ I In waa t rented nt tht
City Ueoelvlne llospltnl for a numb«r oi
eontuwton* nrut lacerntton", lluuhen salt
ln*t night that he recosnlied one of hi)
nvimUnnt* nn Wliiiuin iy««hlor, son ot tin
forcmnn for node's drayins llrm.
Strikers caused a slight disturbance yes
terday morning at the corner of Sixth and
Harrison streets by cutting the ropes of
«n Overland Freight Transfer truck
which waa loaded heavily with sewing
machines, 8overnl of the machines rolled
to the pround and were conjldernbly dam
ngfd. The driver and the special police,
orttcer who was guardtne the truck fled
for safety. They were. Induced to return
to the truck under the protection of Po
lice wnn Arnllanem,
Strikers Cut the Ropes.
Petitions in Insolvency.
Petitions in Insolvency were filed yes
terday in the\Untted States District Court
as follows: Charles P. Redman, farmer.
Coaumnes, Sacramento County, liabilities
$1190, no assets; L>uke B. Tercovlch. team
ster, San Francisco, liabilities $1232 23, no
assets.
The Coroner"? Jury In the Inquest held
yotcrday morning In the case of William
T. Sullivan, the striking teamster who
d«e<! last Tuesday at St. Kuke's Hospital,
found that death was caused by a gun
chol wound mulcted by a party or parties
unknown. Tho Jury failed to fix tho blame
for the death of Sullivan on any particu
lar person because of the insunicicncy of
the evidence. None of the strikers who
vcr* present when Bullivan was shot put
la mi appearance at the inquest.
l>t. Hairy M. Khrrman and Pr. James
O. 8<*i«w«U, Rurgfims of St. l*uke.'s UoHpi.
tal. were tho nrst witnesses summoned.
]>r. Hi u will tinted that Sullivan wat> In*
toxlcatfd when he applied for admission
to the hospital. H«« informed the witness
thnt ht« rfi't-f»cd bis wound while with »
crowd in h luiubtrynrd. A woinun who
called to tee Hulilvan during hla Hlm-^
told the doctor that Sullivan Imd con» out
to hunt non-union mm on the inorntnir
that he wan tfhot. l-»r, Sherman tf«stin«d
lhat Fulllvan was shot In the forearm and
that drain was caused by general tnfeo-
Herman Klaiesen and Frank Itoth, the
men who ar«> employed by th# KvteMor
Hrdwood t'umpnny, in who»t> MtnUtei th«
? hootlne occurred, told of tim rvniia
v iii. ii i ""i* !»!»*"•> "i> " iri moritlnff of th«
1 1... it mt:. KIhiwm m«tfd that h« w«i»
,!rm;iuii n Imrnr' tu th* rtut>W when flvn
ur i«Ik innt rntrrHt throush » door shout
twenty f«'ct frtun him, The lender of th«
in. ii . tn i t'-'i n i'i> t<ii In tils Imiid nnd ntter
trlll'ill Hi" vl« "¦¦•"• that lid llltrn.lrd to
Mil him opened lite. - - •
M»>Mii claimed 'but lie took rt>fuK» be*
litnd one «»f th«« *uii« nnd returned the
phot". «nd thnt nlthnURh ho tt>ok nlm nt
uin" or the mm li- mw no nnn fall, Itoth
n-.rr«>bonited Klsusrn's testimony In full
and ntntcd thnt durlnir the nlKht previous
to the RhootluB peveml men cam« to th«
».'.n'|iitui ounrtrrs of himself and Klnsscn
ii.i-i (iiiMntiti'ii tn irnln ndmtn«tlon.
None of Hulllvnn> frlen«5s appeared to
r,iv« tetitlmohy thnt would determine who
tiled the fat.il xhot.
Striker's Death
ELAMES UNKNOWN PERSONS
Jury Fails to Fix Responsibility for
"I may say that the alarm occasioned
the industries of Great Britain by Ameri
can manufacturers at the present timi
has not been exaggerated try the press. ]
believe myself that the competition most
feared by the English at the present time,
and rightfully so. is that of the Iron and
steel Industries of America. On the other
hand, England has so large and steady a
source of Income from our American trav
elers thnt she can afford to tolerate our
poaching on her Industrial preserves."
"1 mean." Gates replied, "that Ameri
can and British steel and iron manufac
turers will ngreo on a uniform scale of
prices for their productions. Who was it
sum in a certxln instance that tnern wm.
enough glory to so around? Well, in thin
case I believe our steel manufacturer!!
and those across the water will agree ul
timately that there is enough money In
the business for both of them.
John W. Gates, the steel magnate, made
tho foregoing declaration to-night upon
his return home from a pleasure trip
through Great Britain nnd^on tho conti
nent.
"What do you mean by amicably di
vided?" was asked.
CHICAGO,. Sept. 21.— "The next three
years will sec that big bono of conten
tion—the steel and iron trade— amicably
divided between the Industries of America
and England now warrlnff to the knife in
tho latter country. At the same time An
glo-American competition In other lines
of production will be growtnR steadfastly
more strenuous and at this time the result
cannot be foretold."
Special DlKpnteh to The Call
As a result of thn InvcHtlaattons of tho
various streams and tho conditions thus
scheduled Professor Mend, in tho report,
makes recuuuucudaUona vvIUdv w\> «v*
The uresent situation Is ihe natural outcome
of thla combination ot favorable and adverse
conditions. Althourh Irrigated land In Cali
fornia has a .^renter value than In nny other
arid Htate. the wutered «r«-a is at yet iniilg
niniant w^Jien ooTiu>«r«d tu what la possible
and the rate of exte»»lon »• slow. While water
rents for a higher price than elsewhere more
runs to waste than Is used, There are f..\v
nlares In the world where rural I w> lias (he
ttttrarttons or possibilities wltlch i\« with the
trrl«ate.rt home In tvutornls. >et Immtarotlun
Is uluiost at « »tan>i»uu ana popvilutlon In
»ome of the farm*-*! dUtrlct* ha* det-reased in
the »a*t ten ><%** u u rertain that *om«
patent but «»'t natural cause l« r^H|»on»lhlo
for this, an* U neenis t» be the h.-unnl* which
attend inch t.ull.llnH, »W«l »lw»ys rvsult In
IttlsMtlnn « n »t th* Hf>lEl»l«?rhiH»a ill fwltna
which lovers of eeneGrd »le*lre to avoid,
•ih"re U wldeujMwa feelinx that the time
h«» i<ew« t« tm»row this «uvi»tlen. The cmII
fi»r the convention wh|»h B av» the tlrttt Im*
pulM ta tl»l« invenlsstlun wm rtvje la th*
J.iH>iiH'tti»K» «f ft« »w«krnoa puWIp spirit, ««ek.
ln« Mt fhlely the lt\r«f r «na l»»«trr vut of Ih*
HtSte's reitturwa, but the cr*«Uen of letter
iiVim and Imlustrittl p«itjaittt»M.
The nl*n ©f work pwfermwt by tl»» Invcutl*
antivii ii\\"U<''t the «>M»niln!iil>nt «f nln« typl»
"«1 »»r»«ms In dlfffwnt part* of the J«tme,
The hnnirx or the e|ipi-lnlirtn inMtttne? thp»« <»•
«mltt«tloh« »«'» »h* h^»»ln<» «f their Ulwrti are.
n» rollnwe: William !¦:. r.ni>Uir. KUkatt Itlver;
M«l«.|ri. Matirrti. Yuba Itlvofj JatnoH M. \\ ||-
eon Cache I'rreU: <\ Ii Uruh»k»\ Klnf» Itlvert
l-'iimk i'i>ulr, Han ,l<>»<iulii Itlveri C h. M«rx,
halitiae mver:Kd«ard M. 1»"«bi». l^« An
u»lr» itlvert JBWii l>. Ik'huyler,* K«n Jaclhto
• mt Kwretwater rivers.
The eprcinllsts made thoMURh examinations
ot the *tr»»iim* nstneit ami reported on amount
of water In the strrnnis, duty <<t water In the
dlfTercnt In It '<""•' basins, clnlinn ¦ ii|nin the
water, foliated if ftrenms and not by rounttra
as iiuw; iintiiK' of witt'-i ¦•rlr.lit title*, nd.lmll
rated cIsIiiim upiin the wnteis, Intuls now irrl
gated mill Mis<-i'i<tibl» < X lrrlRatlon. possible in
nmir «if water for beneficial use by utornite In
rach rvMrtn nml extent to which the lrrl|»l>ln
• re* can tie Incrrnaed by better methoils of
dlrtrlhutlon and use.
Settlers Fear Litigation.
call nunr.AU, hog q stoert, n.
\\\, WASHINGTON. Sept. 21.-The " De
partment of AKrlculturc to-day Issued nn
exhaustive roport on Irrigation prepared
under the supervision of Professor lClwood
Mead, expert In charge of lrrlpatlon In
vestigations for the department. Tho,pub
licatlon is u report of Investigations con
ducted In California during 1000 by irriga
tion specialists in co-operation with tha
California Water and Forest Association,
und while It deals entirely with Irrigation
problems In California these are no per
linent to other portions of the country
that tho report will bo found of Interest
and of valuo to those Interested in irriga
tion In all of the so-called arid land
States. In describing the agricultural ult
uatlon In California I'rotessur Mead says:
Tim history of Irrigation In California, from
the tln>o tvln-n the mission futhem llrnt turned
Ua nrrams i-n Ihe thirsty soil, has Hhown an
unusual mlnrllns ot romance ami KHni>hncnB.
Men hav« wut'knl with each othtr and for ouch
other in vo-op«ratlvo ditch enterprises, many
of xvhlch have l>ccn rcmarkubly Buocessful.
uhlle on tho otlirr hand they have sought to
ylare Iheir nctKhbors >n bundng*. by speculative
approj-Matlons «.f »t reams. Along with remark
ab\c ul.lllly shown hy enKlnecrs an.l Irrlnators
In dlverlitm and usliiB rivers has »ono contro
vert ovt-r wutrr rights in the courts and
armed raids to neulroy head rates or Intcrftro
"lUi th. u" o of oanals. Ability and success
111 material developmentii havo twn rmoar
ra^ed by an equally marked failure In legis
lation Som<» of the best examples of ditch con
struction to be found In thla country are to be
found In Cnllfornla. but the operation of these
isork" 1« embarrassed by le K lalatlon which vio
lates every principle necensary to enduring »uc
cct».
Eprelnl Dlopntch to The Call
Government Expert Re
ports on California'
Conditions.
John W. Gates Says
Steel and Iron Men ,
Will Agree.
Tho Ctnr, President Loubet nnd th«
others entered tho carriages In wnlt'nir
and drove to ltotheny, where luncltoon
wan served In a tent. As the iu.iierlul
party passe,! iuiom »! e, review gtou'..d tho
entire foivo «.f cavalry ivmuhuvl on tlic
laie wherg It Vutl flnlsliod thg cIuii^q w mj
Tho Cunr stood up to watch the rhnrac
Which Khook ihn Kround. I1U fnca \vas
animated nnd ho pointed out to the
Ccnrlnn the Inuncnso stretch of horse* us
they approached the pavilion,
Charge of tha Cavalry.
Th« crowning feature of the review was
the charge of 20,000 cavalry, Th« ctwalrv
lined up, twenty de<>», on the further *uu>
of the revtow ground, with th« drawn, um
lt\ tho center. Am the linn moved for
ward General ltrunur« rotlw to tho venter,
U was a marvelous puwtacto to watoh the
homimtMi nuprottclilnB, Th« trumiutu
coultl ho heard HouiulittR the trot until
about n half mile front iho front of tho
tlutn. when they bin red fortlt the clurut,
On cniro tbn liornen, tlt« tuundcr or tholt
hoot i»n'« totiittlititf with tho. rnttlci ef
tko.e.outi i t«n»Mttn, »ii>- troo|i,,,'-» wavioii their
nwordi*. Then, at fifty yards t'nin tho
dais, th« «mU to halt was bouihIimI n n the
trumpets, the omcei-a wavod their nwortls
nn a ttlgunl to »lop nnd tho men reined \\\
their horses ft the outer limit of the
gulden in front ot thn dad,
The. weather was perfect for tha re
view. It waa cavil and occnslonallv there
worn it tow dronn of ruin. Haln had fatten
all night lone and the dust wan l^id,
.Mnally came several regiments of cul
rutwlers, Tho sun shone intermittently
and with curious effect on their breast
plates, which one moment looked to bo a
nut*a of dark blue ateol nnd the next
seemed uhlmmerlng silver. The brat«a
hemlota nlno glittered like gold or turned
iv dirty yellow color, according as tho
tunahJnn. nmota them or the. clouds inter
cepted Its rays.
The Infantry was followed by the divi
sional artillery, twenty field guns afront,
the long slate-gray cannon 'being kept In
excellent alignment. After tho tlrst four
divisions of Infantry came the cavalry,
thirty-six regiments-solid brigades of a
thousand men each, thirty afront. First
cumo tho dragoons, carrying lances from
which lluttered red and white pennants.
They advanced at tho trot, headed by
trumpeters, who executed r funfare Reg
iments of hussars In light blue uniforms
with whtto taclngs nnd mounted chas-
Heura in blue tunics with dark trimmings
followed,
Each division was preceded bv tho reRl
mental standards, which wore lowered na
they passed before the dais, and each time
tho Czar a>fl Czarina rose, as did Presi
dent Loubet. and saluted, the Czar bring
ing his hand to the peak of his red nnd
white cap and keeping It there until the
standards had passed. Klght Infantry di
visions llled past and every time the mov
ing force of bnyonets passed cheers rent
the n!r.
Salute of the Standards.
General Brugure nnd IiIh staff, reaching
trio front of tho dais. 1 saluted tho Presi
dent nnd the Czar, nnd with tho foreign
attaches took up a position facing the
dais, so that tho rest of the army passed
between the Czar nnd General Brugure.
General Andre, tho Minister of War, who
rodo with tho Czar to tho pavilion, sat In
thn front row of the tribune on the Czar's
left nnd followed tho march past, which
was almost faultless throughout In lt«
mnchlne-likft precision, with a happy ex
pression, evidently proud of tho spectacle
he was offering to tho Czur.
Around the. review grounds was a deep
mass" of red anil blue Infantry, cavalry
and artillery. The wholo lino extended
several miles In spite of the fact thnt tho
troops were drawn up 150 Hies deep. Sud
denly, nt a given signal, thin vnst body
began to swing around, thus bringing tho
heml of tho lino across Ihe rovlow ground
nnd In front of the Oenr. Tho effect was
to glvo the Impression of n wide stretch
of landscape slowly movlnsr In a elrcle.
The commnndor-ln-ehlef, Gone, ml Hru
gure. surrounded by hla Btnff. led tho
march pnst, with the foreign military ut
tnehos at nomo dlHtnnne on his loft. Hc
hlnd. tn four heavy columns, marched a
whole division of Infantry with fixed bny
onets. It wna nn nptoundlng sight to soo
thl« forest of bayonets ndvanco across tho
plain In a huge oblong block. Tho divis
ion wna headed by tho mossed bands of
nil Its reKlments. which played u popular
mnrch. tho "Sombre et Mcus."
A pettifogging lawyer, or n "wmnrt"
editor ot mime one,«hoMJ newitpniter might
have ne.lned upon this noltit nnd have. l£«
norml the positive knowledge tho Governor
uottHCssetl hut for the executive of a great
BtnlB like California to do It Is shameful.
It was his duty In writing on tho nubteot
to have stated nqunroly all tho conditions
he^know existed. A failure to do this
shows that he was looking for the Hldo
wilh tho most voles, nnd that, ho cared
morn for »a re-election to the oinco ho
•hold* than for the Interests of California.
The point -would have been a good one,
IP. the Sheriff had* not used, that stupen
dous IP, and IP the Governor had not
known at thu time nf thu refusal of tho
Supervisor* to pay the posse! •
lr thnt letter had been, written to a
loveMwuled flxeeuMve. he would at oneo
hnvn nNkpd what oour«« the Supervisor*
were taking, for ho hiul not yet fovind out
officially whether or not thn lueal uuthnrl*
tie* eouhl handle or were likely to hamll«
ih« dltlleulty, We have reason to Know,
howttvor. that tho Governor Old know
from the-. Up* of tho Whcrlff that tn«
Hupervlftor* imd refused before h» Indued
Ul« remarkable manifesto, Ortnlnly a
tfenUemttn wnos* word the Governor will
not bring into question told him »o. nn<)
the sii.M-lrr was In the city und in reach
«f tha Governor.
The San Francisco Examiner says that
Governor Gage, In his reply to tho State
L'orird of Trade, wanted to reply to W. S.
Green. There was nobody holding him.
Why didn't he do It? The Examiner could
not nnswer. Guge perhaps told the Exam
iner thnt he wished ho had the ability to
do it. Gage made a single point on the
Str.te Board of Trade, and that a mere
technical one based on a false statement
of fact— It had naked him to Interfere
when. the. Sheriff of the county had said
he could do It, but the Sheriff's great big
IP was not noticed. He wrote Governor
Gage that he could hnndlo the mob at
Port Costa IF, the Hoard of Supervisors ot
Contra Costa County would pay n posse,
liut the Supervisors aforesaid had refused
tu pay the posse before the Governor
wrote tho letter, and we have very good
reason to know that the Governor knew
of th* refusal at the Unit* ho put out hla
learned epistle, Tho Sheriff did not tell
him that there waa no mob at Port Coata
that needed handling, but on the other
hand ho told him there waa a mob that
needed handling by some one; h« only
said >»" could do it IP he had a poatiel Ho
tho testlmaniy cf the Bherlff, printed with
no much eu«to by hia Excellency, is teaiU
mony against him.
Colufui Sun
"Accept our sincere prntltmle, and bo
good enough to Interpret It to nil those
who with touching cordiality have taken
part In the festivities of which we hnve
been the object.- It Is to tho French na
tion, so much loved nnd appreciated by
Russia, that, wo address our slncero
thnnks. accompanied by our wannest
wishes. NICHOLAS."
Gage a Vote- Seeker.
As the tniln moved nut tho Czar nnd
Czarina both Blood nt tho window of tha
private our bowing nnd saluting. Then It
was thnt a'tlnul saluto to th« Czur and
CBnrlnii thundered forlh. Hnnds played
.tho national airs of Franco nnd ltussln,
while tho crowds repeatedly cheered "Vive
la Russie!" At Pngny Su*. Moselle the
Czar sent the following ilnul message to
President Loubet:
The C*nr nml Ocarina crossed the fron
tier nt l*ngny Sur Moselle, nnd It Is ex
pected that th?y will reach Kiel Sunday
evening. As they wore entering tho train
nt Rhclmu tho Csar and Cisnrlnn iiRtiln
shook hands with tho members nf^the
Cabinet' of. President Louhct. thnnking
them njrntn nnd ngnln nnd Raying to the
President. "We houo wo shnll come to
Prnnc** ngnln soon." •
Hefore going on board the train at the
Ptntlon her« tho Cznr lequestod M. Wul
dcck-rtoiiHspnn. the Premier, to contribute
on his behalf 100,000 francs tn Paris chari
ties. He ordered the distribution nf f>000
frnncs to the charities In each of the
towns of Dunkirk. Complogno nnd Kheims
nnd remembered to nsk tho Prlmo Mints-,
ter on his behulf to make liberal dona
tions to the .surfereTR from the recent
powder explosion at Klpault.
pnluted with drawn Bnbera nntl lanccN,
Continued From Page Twenty-Thron,
Another truck driven by a non-union
teamster got stalled on Geary street, near
Kenrny, yesterday aftornoon. and the
driver falling to get his team to move tho
truck vlgorousl" applied hla whip to the
horses. Over 500 people gathered near the
truck, and as the driver used the lash
many of them hooted and jeered him.
The special officer who accompanied him
stood at his post prepared to prevent any
attempt on tho part of a number of
strikers who were present to do any dam
age. While the crowd kept Jeering the
teamster several police officers who were
sent from tho Central station appeared
and drove the crowd away.
Tho timely arrival of a strong posse ot
policemen under the command of Lieuten
ant Martin prevented a riot at Sixth and
Folsom streets last evening. One of the
Stetaon-Renncr Drnynge Company's
trucks, driven by a non-union m«in named
Reynolds, got caught in a rut In the
street and In .V: few minutes the driver
nnd the special officer who accompanied,
him weire sv.rrounrtcd by a howling mob
of atriKivs and th*lr sympathizers. The
special, scenting serious trouble, drew hla
revolver nnd threatened to shoot the first
man who attempted to offer vlnienco to
him or the teamster. Some citizen, evl
dentlv realizing that n clash between the
rlvnl forces was imminent, telephoned to
Captain Wlttman. The latter at once sent
Lieutenant Martin and a formidable, squad
to the scene, and with thu ntd of their
riubs they Boon dispersed the strikers.
One of the latter refused to move on and
was severely clubbed.
MOB MENACE DIUVEKS.
One of the pickets managed to get on
the dock later, on pretense of buying a
ticket. He was discovered, however, und
forcibly ejected. I
At this Sorenson seized the young3tor
and two other ptckcts closed In. Morrl*
stepped back, pulled his revolver and C2«v1
at Sorenson. The shot hart the. effect of
scaring tho picket party and before Uvy
had recovered Morris wna inside the duck.
A warrant has been issued for the arrest
of Jena J'eter Borenson, one of the union
pickets at whom Morris llred.
Thn shooting occurred at Drondwny
whnrf. Vouna Morris, on his way to
work, was accosted bv Sorenson.
"Where , arc you going?" asked tha
picket.
"To the Kureka."
"What are you going to do there?"
"I'm working aboard of her."
"Then you're a scab."
"And If 1 am that's my business. Let
me pass."
pHiiuit to murder
riaymond Morris, 13 year* old,* who llvcsi
With h!g Hitrcntrt tit 631 Hallrmut nvn»\i,\
Ahiiunln, (»ml l.i employed on board itn>
steamer Gureka, yesterday nsiterted h!M
rlftht to <earn »n honest llvlntt nnd ever
enm« the opposition ot three union ptcXot*
with the ahf of his revolver,
Morris ttenttered tin* pickets, hut wu*
later arrested nnd tockcu up, charged witiv
ITIS riSTOt, SAVE3 HIM.
Young Raymond Morris Shoots a
Union Picket.
A leaden »lung*hnt waa found on th.*)
pennon of Adolph Vt>ler»on, » union nallor
picket Rrwatetl fur drunUennejm by Her«
Heant lilank. ,
Most of the "dives" along the front
have been closed up and many ot the
saloons, hitherto headquarters for tha
concoction cf violence schemes, are now
only open from sunrise to sunset. The
reign and rule of the picket Is, for tha
present, only a memory.
William Kofrers, a union fireman, was
one of i the thirty-nine. He was arre*teit
en East street, between Vallejo ami
Uroadway, by Servant Brophy ami
charged with carrying a concealed
weapon, Rogers, who was on ptcket doty.
tried to prevent the officers arresting two
Intoxicated firemen, Hereeant Urophy ar
rested him, When searched at* the luir
bor police station there, wan fount) ton
cenled In the waistband of hl« pantaloons
a formidable looking weapon, the jfouxd**
tlon of which was a eobulo atona welsh
ing about four pounds,
At 11 o'clock last ntffht ther* was hnrd
ly a in an to bo seen along tne lino ot
docks from Vallejo street to the Mall
dock. Tho reinforced peace squad Is
working under tho orders ot Lieutenant
Price. His orders ure being carried out
to the letter.
tln>r« was little work for the sur
geons at tho Harbor Hospital, but be
tween the hours of 9 and 11 p. m. thirty
nine prisoners were locked up at tho
Harbor police station. Most of them wr*
one reed with "drunk," the police rinding
it little use, tn vlow ot tho attitude ot tho
Police Judges, to prefer tho more serious
charges called (or by tome of the cases.
THE picked squad detailed to sup
press vlolenco alonjf tho water
rront was kept busy last nUht.
For the ilr»t time tn many wueka
REFORM NEEDED
IN IRRIGATION
Furuseth T»lKt,
Andrew V\iru«eth wn» lUe ttrsl ppenkrr
« r thn «-\«-!iii\u. In part he said:
N« er^at vtolfnce has marred the parrying en
of this Mrlhe, There ar*> ©f oeurse « few ln«
> inn. > » ftdm tiuiP to time, but on the whole
the Mrlhe \* a i<«»«eeful «ne..
They, the Kmph»y*rV Aaswlatlfln, *ay they
will hot t>»rri us, h»ik at u», p|»h(U t<> us, in
m df.in« they i<Ib> «ti^ part er th^ »'«j»r «^f ltti*>
kI« mid the Uuu« ror of t*bln«, \\V cannot un«
dersttiiui w\\? they ahowM adopt this policy
titwntil their own Mlow-eltUt-na, We hav*
•-nid »hnt ilit* sttiKe w«» an uutgrowih iflf eon«
rtlllon* of fcwelrty, thnt thp wtwhlnntlrtn of
i>i!<ein< ¦¦¦¦<"• intn trust r<>»rr« runibltiatloh* of
Utmr nn«i both «r» uhdphUbly trur, Hie leu*
Islativr brnhclt nf I his government has i>nld
lhat Inhor combination* should be tolrraieil
n»id thnt limy are A nr'TRsnry thlhtf undi-f
m>«lrrn eondltlon*. The jwdlelsry of the couti*
try bus snU *hnt tnbor orBRnlrntlon* urn not
Father Peter C. York* wnt tho spenket
of the evening, nnd hl« predecessors. An
drew Furuscth nmi Walter MncArthur.
toted merely In a proludtl way to put
tho vest nnsctuhlitKft In ft mooJ ready for
n reception of tho priest's words, leather
York* played upon the emotions of his
ntuilcnce with n sur« hnml. His mlUivts,
elenrly thought out nnd nnalyuil, pro
prcuscil step by ptep towanl his certain
climax, when ©very man In tho house rose
ns one nnd cheered with nil tho luttlnesa
of wcll-excrclatu' throata hihI lungs.
Father York® practiced all hi* arta of
oratory. Several times h« atopped, fenr
lnij that ho was encroachtnff upon tho
ttmo of hi» audience, only to tic told by
hundreds of volcea to co on with lila
fpeech. And Father Yorke went on. Ho
exhorted the strikers and the laborers to
tlRhten tin- bunds of unionism nnd clown
ihoe«- who, nceordlnn to the priest's
wonK nn» trying to muUft chattels of free
men. He Htlcrly Ueuguiued the bualneaa
men of San KroncUco aa nntlnuated tn
methods and ideas. 1'resa and politics
cquully sulTered at the hnnds of th« pre
late, l^abor alono waa accorded a majes.
ty and a dignity. All else received the
treatment of lh« Iconoclast,
Ufviewtncr th« history of the contllet b««
tween the Taborlns man and the employ
cr, l<\»thiT Yorfce vnded with a severe do.
nunciatlon of the mrthnda o( the ui»rtern
«mpU>yer, whom h« t'Uixspti »» tl\« wnue*
? arntr'a enemy, Ho uwUl ho would sju-ak
In no unc«Tti\iu terms, Hla epeeoh shciwu
a coini'lete ourryirg out or hia inu'utu.u*.
ering of ptrlkcr* hml their »ym
rnthtscra alnce the> befilfinlnB of tha In
duFtii-il conflict. Kr\mi ntntst to roof fh«
hull w«« packfi.1 with an ntuMcuco over
chnrircJ ami ebullient with enthusiasm
T11K uisis.o-tui elini; hold at Metro
politan Temple Iftit night under
the auspices of tho City Front
Federation win the largest gath-
CZAR OF RUSSIA REVIEWS THE MANEUVERS OF THE ARMY OF FRANCE
The man that irlrn to put a division between
union men Is Ihe emissary of th* tlrvil, no
matter what the organ is.nt Ion or the posiltlon
What Is the duty of the wag* enrnsr*? fMIek
together closer than the rich men, Ynu must
tlejiewi upon youi'Mlves and be knit with httinls
Of Steel.
Now, 1 am porry t« see merchant* In the
stale of mind thnt th»y think sudden death
is fc'niiitf on. The Merchants' Association, I
think. Is another name for the Kmployera* As
sociation, The government of the cuyls In
their hand*, ami the newspapers, with one ex*
<w»lfln. They have the City noarn of Trade
and Mr, Newhall, They have the farmers, the
Htate Hoard of Trade aod .tflhn l\ frlsh, hut
they haven't set the Uovernor, All people eon*
neeteti with lfi> employ-era have put themaelvea
on one side, the rteh wni mut lite hnnoeis-nii,
ami they nre against every man and every
woman who in ettrnltift wages In thn titate oi'
Callrornla,
Th elty I* divided Into two side* to.ntght—
%'nU'l«\,M-M, a mysterious body that appear* tn
be ashamed to know Itself, and the worker*,.
Von have also war, an Industrial war, ,
Side Ajyjilnjit Side.
The rich men have seen the good of It and
they have come together In unions. The Em
ployers' Association Is a union that la bent
on driving out unions of poor men. They be
lieve the only right the warklngman has I*
to work and to take hla wage* and bo glad
that he la working at nil. The Kmployer* 1
Association Is long-hatched, They went against
one union after another until they met the
teamsters. They sneered at the unskilled la
borer and one by one they fought It out until
they thought they would strangle all unionism.
\ou might a* well go to the town pump and
try to get blood out of It as tn get an idm
or nn argument out of those men who call
themselves the clvlo leaders of Ban Franolsco,
Their plan I* the destruction of all unionism,
that you men »r* to be their chattel*, their
slave*, and to be treated worse than chattels,
wnd slaves, were ever treated,
It Ii the business of every ' worker to Join «
""I™ «o that In days of stress he will feel the
helping shoulder ot a friend. So you see what
good has come from unionism. ¦
Chattels nnd Slaves.
«o to th* employers. They will say: "The
laborer is my nniuu and I nave no duties to
see that he is well housed or well fed," That
N nt the bottom of the minds of those people.
\\ hen one man Veil* to another the man that
buy* Is not a benefactor to the human race.
The** two Ideas have been worklns; tn friction
at nil times, So It wns that lahor was brought
together. We have labor to cell and will only
sell u on conditions. That I* why trades union
ism was born. Priesthood la the oldest ot pro
fessions and the oldest ot unions. ,
came prisoners of war, slaves. All work w«s
done by slaves. Christianity came In and
saved them. The downfall of the Koman em
pire resulted. Then commerce wai born unit
agnln enme master nnd servant, Some who ob
jected to this state became free men and they
banded themselves Into guilds. These guilds
wens destroyed by the Trench Revolution ami
the old relationship of master and servant camo
ng&ln, When these merchants of San Francisco
wtr* growing up they had the old world idea
of master and servant and since then It has
grown mere mossy.
Co-operation Is Necessary.
C. There should lw entire harmony and co
operntlon betwern the State and national gov
ernment a, looking to the fullest possible uoo
of the waters of the Stnte for Irrlgntlon, par
ticularly In. nil cane* where the diversion of
water from the streams may tend to render
navigable strenm* non-navlanble. To.accom
plish this purpose thu natlonftl Government
Should take measures lor canallclnR the rlvern
and making slack-water navigation on the
Ktrcanm, thus giving maximum navigability
with minimum use of water. A wise aillust
ment and determination of the volume whlo*
can be safely tnken from the tributaries of
nnvlKuble streams for Irrigation without inter
fering with Black-water navigation should bo
urped upon tli<> nutlonal Government as an
urgent necessity.
6. The work of the national Government In
promoting (Irrigation development. In addition
to the Improvement of .navigation, should also
Include the fullest protection of the forests,
costructlon of atornce reservoirs for Impound
ing water to be used on thn public lands, and a
continuation of tho hydrographlo and topo
graphlo work of the geological survey and thn
work of the Department of Agriculture for the
promotion of Improved economic methods of
ivrliiiitlon.
7 National aid In constructing storage works
to be chiefly used for private land* should be
discouraged, although cases might occur where
leservolr* built to serve puhllo land* would nlso
b« serviceable to adjacent land* In private own- 1
rrshtp lhat had once been owned by the. United
Slate*. In such eases the use -of reservolred
water for private lands should not ue prohtbi
S The- use of water for domestic* pur
pose* Bhould «»K« precedence- over all other
u*V» The use of water for the production of
power applied to the pumping of water for clo«
mestlo purposes and Irrigation should he reo
oiinttfrt as next In rlsht. In those sections of
the mate- where mining Is the pre-valllnu In
dusttv mtntn* rlghta to water should also take
precedence over all other us r g, domestlo u*«
alone e*eepted,
», The (Governor ot the State should be asked
to appoint nn expert nenpartlsan commission
ta frame an Irrigation law or laws, which should
nt «nrt adapt the fureiftlnt recommendation*
n> the Htate eonslltutlan and pi<es»nt the result*
In the form that they should be passed by th«
§tate liegUlaturf. _ ' , ¦
10, Tho Ktttte Honid Of fVutrol should be In*
trusted with the. power, and duty nt rlxlnif
ettnltsble rale* for the sale of water for Irriga
tion by private reservoir and cannl companies,
at well »* for the sale of water i lahts,
only a pood thing for labor but tho community
ltstlf.
There must be something which prevents
these men, the employer*., from Acting In the
ordinary way, thnt of conference. It Is our
duty to resist usurpation on the part of the
Kmployer*' A*»oc!nt!on and to u>*i»t from In
borlnsr until they attiee to treat us In n hu
man and honorable wny.
We have been In this struggle- for eight
weeks nnd there «re women and children thst
should be taken care of. That I* why we a*k
f>v contribution* from thn people of Hit* city
In order to nvottl »uch hardanlp*. We feel
rMUfled that we have the public with us and
thnt they will hnek us up In this course, We.
ask thnt the publle rend their contribution* to
Harry U White, secretary of the Typogrnpldcal
t'nlon. Kearny strert, and we n*k of the
l>re»* to roci'lve contribution* also,
Kurusotb corrUuled with n further np
ticnl lor help for the Blrlktrs nnd their
ttraUIci,
MncArthur's Speech.
M'nlter MncArthur. editor of the Coast
Scnmon'a Journal, followed. Ho Mild:
It Is now eight weeks since the City Front
Federation entered upon this struggle, one that
ha* compelled the ndmtratton of the world. To
day we stand where we did eight week* airo,
confident ot the sufcetN ot the struggle, In
this battle there have been drafts upon \m
nnd we have called upon affiliated unions In
behalf of the men In the maritime trade*. And
we have been generously ***.l«teil. Thl* I* a
•lgn of succets.
On the other hand, the employers nre getting
more desperate every day. They have called
on the police and vtteelnl*, nnd through the
Htate Hoard of Trade have asked for the
iiiiltitn. There I* no Justification for auch «n
appeal nt thla time, They know th.it never
before have so many diametrically opposite In
terests been brourht In ccntllct and tho tight
waned more lawfully,
The great nmaaea have made up their minds
not <o buy Anything until the employer* recos;*
ntse ue, The V5mvloyer»' Association must do*
clde to-day whether It will rewinls* the rluhl
of the enii>loye* to prpanUe or go out of huaU
net:*, We can see nothing In this fight but a
victory for organised labor. As lone a« th«r*
nre rwwiw* In the pnrketa of the eltlsen* of
t*nn Francisco we feel sure that Ihls. strike
will not come to nn end, and we will flpthl for
our oraanlMllon vinttl the wolf u at the door,
We ask* bVitll this plnmele be Uist because ««f
hunger? Shall freedom and liberty b«» crushed
l^eause Pan failed to respend to the
crlea of « child ler food? No, flan Francisco
will not w It, That I* why we ask for svib>
Paiher Yerke Begini.
Amid prolonff«»d npplftu»» l^athpr Torlte
ttcppeti te the platform, He sutd [\\ imrti
Bom* hwnle seem »o be very trmihlrrt In ihNr
wlnil* »n»t 1 should t ( iim«" nut of my proper
tiiiu re and mw«I, for the men that have *nme
liHiitn which the i-it-b men are bound to iv
epeet, t have n*>t»it the noxious pmwth of a
spiitlment that Pun Kmnelaen, founded by rich
men, thnula 1* preserved only by Holt men, I
come to speak before the people nf thl* meet
ln« becmise t him a eltUprt nf '*>tttt J^rnhclseo
and bPcnupR the Interrxt* of this city nre n*
close to my heart as to any man who may
own real «ntate by tho mile. The Interest*
of « city are not found In the clubs or In the
merchants, but In the men. The/ make the
city.
1 nm here to speak on Wlulf of those who
do not poimess wealth and because I «m a
«"nthr»He prlet>t. The Cntholle church ha* stood
«ifc*ln*t the Ulna* of the world. Why thoubln't
1, an humble imc»t of thnt church, do my b«»t
for the wot'klngmenT I owe nj apology to
••l.i'itk in behult of labor, but would owe one
to the mvni men of my church It I were found
In iiny other plnc« tn-nlHht. Thore I* one
organliatlon In thl* city to-day thnt I* *up>
potied by tho poor .and we hope never to see
ihe day when Its thi^esholds thnll n»3t be worn
by the footatrps of the poor,
Seep nnd Basic Struggle.
1 believe we are engaged In n struggle that
got* down tu tho ruumlttUon of thins*.
This slrupgie |* not nn ordinary trouble be
tween employer «nd employe. You are out
ukIiUiik for a principle nnd It Is principle th.U
maken IU'« worth llvlns nnd gtvea dignity to
everything that men do, The employers recog
nice this,
You have had mediators, some wise, som<i
knave*., some fool*. The employers knew that
between you nnd them th*ro I* a dlfferenoe of
principle which, a* they stand, Is Irreconcil
able. 1 believe now thnt In a tight you must
hivvo *mokele«s po\\<l«T. The. principle, of the
ISmplnyr*' Association, nnuther ntme for all
the eaiiltul In the city of San ]>'rnnclaeo en
jrnircd in retitl and innnuracturlng business, la
that unionism imiNt be destroyed. They are
thinking only of unionism, which must be torn
up by the roots, chopped Into pieces thrown
Into the fire and the aahea ncattert>d to the
four winds of heaven, Tho principle of the
otiur ••¦iiit. I* that unionism mu«t be preserved.
That 1* what you ere lighting for, If imv of
you ci\n mnko u happy mnrriaKe between these
two, then I will withdraw,
San FvancUoQ ft VUtag«.
The roRknn that these men are opnoeed to
unionists Is a cause of the heart, of the mind,
The finnlovfr h«» been n«i>d to look \l|>on \\\*
iHhorer a« If he himself wtcre a. king- and when
he en\>iloy* he buy* body, soul and brewhe*,
When ne enu>l«yn you he wante ti» hire an ani
mal, a machine,
l*«n Kranc-lMM* U only r gren.t overerown
vllUne, not a etiy, We av« imh off from the
United »!«<«>« l>y an Immense denert. You're
not known, and the eo«ner we realise that the
belter for ««. We are out of the euvrent. af
American life awl tho merchAnta of this elty
<ftme here without atnpplnu on the route, Most
of them eame from a font*ervRtlve natlon«llty
thnt h«* suffered, They are men of old liles.*.,
The ordinary- huilneaa methotle of Pan Kran
elfien «\n <»iri htiudretl year* bnlihiil Dm tinimi,
Han l^r«Hvtse« in't>n«« of the nlowMt town* on
ihe eoittiin'Ni, Thii»,ilulls \ta ant] we are even
wt-ttiina fHHhlnns e( three yeara ago, if mioh
m<> onf lilrii* of InipiiicB* ymi oan expect Mean
on thf reUtloiw eklatlntf Itetwwn labor and
eu|ilt:il to be imiuhII.v n* nlntolrte,
Kmploynrit Never Sutlsflctl.
When yttu comti to thlitU of H, why should
tme. mntt vvet-U for altnthprt The ni-lainnl Won
In thnt ench own work*, for himself, Men
weren't *i»tl«fled to work, »o they fouhht. Thru
pllcnblo to every rtrid land Rtntowhloh
dv.oa not pon»ei«s « eomprphcnslvo Htnto
syatcm of water control. These rccom
inendatlonB are its i"ollo % \v.««:
1. There ihould ho created In California a
¦peclnl tribunal entitled "Tli>> ltourd ot t'ontrol
of WmIitk," which ihnlt hnve the detprmtna
tVnn of rxIrttnK watir rlghta and the control
ot the ertAbllnliment ot right* hereafter. Thl*
bonrd ahoultl consliit of vn« attorney, one butd
nctt man nnd one civil unRlnetT, all of good
ehnrnct<»r and ostabllnhed reputation, to be se
lected nml appointed by the Hupreme i'o»irt of
thn State and to bold oftloe until removed ror
i-iiiiM-. Thn Hiihiry of thU bonrd should not
bo le»» thnn JJOtXl ppr nnnum each, nnd they
fthould bo allowed n. clerk At n ralury of $1800
per nnnum, to b<« Appointed by the 1 bonrd.
K. TIhto uliuuld be nn executlvo officer of
tin* board, Hpi>olnteJ by thrtn, who kIuhiM b<»
a competent, experienced civil vnBlneer ami
have HUprmte control ovor the ntlmlnlntrntlon
of tho walrr supply nnd It* dlntrlbutlon to thn
pnrtli'* entitled to Its uh*. The title of tht!
officer uliould l>» "Stnte hydraulic engineer."
S. Tho KtKte I^>Rl*lntur« should by statute
rtcrl«ri« lhat the common law doctrlno of «•!-•
luiriitn rlKhts U tnnppllrHble to the prevailing
condition* In California, except no tnr n» to
nmkn rlparlnn owner* on MreaniB puefcrred
tisifr* of tho natural stream tlow for domestlo
und i>tnok purponFn.
4. The HtHtutM of Cnllfornla passed for the
Kovcrninent of the appropriation of strenmH
Bhould declare thnt all unappropriated wntcr*
not utilised for Irrigation At the dnte of the
paneagn of the act. rlther by eannln or reser
voir*, are imblln property, nnd all IrrlRnllon
rlghtH to be established hereafter shnll be at
tached to the land for which the appropria
tion Is made. | The volume permitted to be ap
propriated should In all ease* be limited to
th« actual neccHnltles of economical use. to b«
determined from time to time, by the Ktnto
hydraulic engineer. Priority ot uno should
Blvo the better right aa' between putties. using
water for the samo purpose.
PEACE TO END
A TRADE WAR
Yeu are In this •tnutgle fpr but one thlrit,
Tut nM your truat In polUlflani »r a nolltU<«l
V»arty-, I Imnlere you, H\ippo«e jtivi elect nil
ihe men frem top t»» bottom, wh«t em<\ will
It d© j«ut \Vh«4i?ver veu will eleet t»-marr«iw
will be Juftt as fnr from jom an It y,ni )nu
him en Mount Hhnntn, IHifltlea U a ftuMlnfM
hikI tin oMiniiim- fan tifrrtk In, Hee Umt ih«
Uws, nrr B-lniinlsirtp.l pr«ip««Hy, The pAlltlelMt
!• nrtni.i fit men whn nr* not tied to a pArlr,
t n|>iirnl to you ttt>nt*ht, li-\\ar<» th«> |mlltl<<| n tiV
1M»><1«»» j*o\n"it*lf tf) no man, to no party, Whfn
Urn d.-ty "f the. poll* emm» ttod Will guide ruu
to e«nt your vote and CBKt It with good effetit.
' Hut ntmve all thine* Mtand together and be
of »to«t h*>«rt. You are rtghtlng; n srent fight
««d you tmist have faith,
B&w&ra of Polltloi.
When thl* terrible crime saddened m»r eoun»
try «ome new"r*per» stood over tne hl«r of
the martyred President like nsherwomfn. Ise.
cause they thnustn It would Injure the bu«l«
w**n of their rival. If I* be r crime ta fnallun
nr parlealur* the hlgh^et authority, U ls> every
hit at mw\\ a crime tn f«lMmnl»te the «av*
erner the State, They both derive thi'lr
power from Ootl, jf Hits muntry were a* \w\
hh the paper* anarchy would be a relief.
Doe* violence help you? I don't thtnk It
floe*. After all, by violence you weaken yo'jr
came: you alienate your own people. Let
them b« the men who break the law. Tou
have nothing to do with It. It la Juat whit
tho jiatcra opposed to you want. The Chron
icle iui.1 Call a* much aa aay that every acci
dent U due to striker*. I myselt do not be
lieve It. A* a cltlxon of Ban Francisco I pro
teat a»tn*t It. I protest against It In the
name of truth, John D. Spreckeli and Mr. de
Young, if you want to fight why In th* nane
of common decency, why In the name of com
mon bravery, don't you attack a man aa bis
aa yourselves?
we've been told that the foreign-born la t!ie
¦cum of the earth and you foreign-born peotie
have been told to keep your mouth* shut. I'm
foreign-born and I'm a ctttien of the country,
nnd I have done aa much for this country aa
any one whose ancestors have been her* for »
century. The man that trie* to put a thorn
hetween the native and the foreign horn la a
traitor to hln country, \V«« Oaolgosi foreign
l«»n\? Waa Qulteau? AVa« Hooth? We run
be taken out and put In the balance and w«
shall not be round ¦ wantlnx,
Element of Violence.
Alto take care that none of your money rcea
back to th« people ftfhttnx you. You have
enough peopl* working to keep utrtkrm In lux
ury. They should p«y their way. for the otn«r*
are flRhttnx for them. The store, wholesale
rnop or newnpaper agatnat you In this flftht I
will go without rather than patronlie, U > 1Jl1
can do I hat th* ttrlkt will not Ui>t. Demand
always creates supply. The. only way you cun
.reach them Is to reach them through their In
ter««ta. Your tnterecta la to force them to «hut
up shop.
fr thn place may be. Such a man to an cn
clean lrp*r whoi>« place '¦» outsida th« cnnip.
You are ctronK a* Ionic as you k*?p together.
Your one hope h In union, cordial union, and If
you are to hand down a ht»rltn«» to your chil
dren you must stand together and fight Ilka
m*n. Tho proof that you are atnmllnc to*«ttier
l» In knuwiiiK that every \vug« earner Ii •.«»e»»>
In* htm!><>lC lor hU friend*.
Lieutenant Price and His
Force Close Saloons
and Dives.
The day had its share of outbreaks on the water front and in the region traversed by drays. Two riots occurred in which thousands of people gathered and
the police were forced to charge the crowds. x \ , , , • • . , .
J»n« IVtrr Jonwn. tho union pnllor who
wn« convicted by JuiIro I'rltt. Krtday, on
tho charge of disturbing the peace, ap
peared for sentence yesterday and the
Ju<3rc arnt him to the County Jail for
thirty dnya. Thursday night Jensen and
Bcveral other strikers armed with cluhB
and i>lrk handles commenced an attack
OH N. M. Hailow. an enRlneer at tho Arc
tic OU WorltM «m Kentucky street. Po
liceman McKnt.'.- happens! to be pasMnR
on a enr nnd t!ie strikers lied, but Me
lCntce Buccccded In capturing Jensen.
James Dnuuherty, a litrlltor. appeared
l>eforo Juiljto *'?ibnul8» yesterday on ii
charso of <-arr>li\K a com-^HloJ weapon
In the (Oini'P <>f a club. Th« ovlilenco
showed that l><»uuherty and m'ven other
Ftrlkcrs were patrolilmi tho water front
when Pollcrmun 1>. Mathewson up
proachwl llirm. He observed the ond «>f
the iluti stUklne out of I>nUKheriy'5 v«-st
und pullod It out. Tin* JiulK'- di-clded that
«? two or three Inches of the club could
be seen It could not Iw a concealed wea
pon within tin- meaning »>f the law. and
dismSKur.l tli<» rase.
P. Vahey ami Albert Nelson, union pall
ors who were arrested on MoJurs wharf
by Scrfienut Duke while forcibly prevent
ing men from unloadlne a vessel, np
utnrrd before Judpp Omlan yesterday.
J"l"-> were out on 15 bail «-aeli nnd <iio
Judpe lucreatud It to J^it each. Tho de
fendants promptly demanded a trial by
jury and tli«* eases were continued till
t-ci'trralw'r 28.
J. M. y.>UK>\. Harry Ix>nR. William Cole,
Herman Nelson mid Qua HoilnRren, union
tailors arrested for knocking down and
robbing John ISdar, carpenter on the
steamer Kdlth, tipiienred before JudRo
Cabantr* yesterday. Kdar, who had been
arrested on a bench warrant, us he failed
to ariiear In court I'tlday. declared that
lie could not IdenliTy any of the defend
ants h»t1 ibe cam* were ilif.mlssed. He
ldentllH-d ZeiiK-1. Lone. Cole and Nelson
when tln-v were arrested early Wednes
day morning at tho harbor police elation
and also jdentllled Holprcn tho same
morning In the corridor nt the Hall of
Justice.
duBtvial Warfare
gthiker bent to jail.
Courts Busy With CttBri Due to In*
*
IK any nrlkor.x. or t«uppo»e<1 MrtU.-rw.
nuetryit to hoard your vesfd or try
to Inttmtdnto your crow, warn them
nwny and If they per*l»t 1 udvis*
you trt shoot thrm down."
The tbpvt Ftntrtn<*m wna tnnde yester
day by Chief of IMieo Sullivan to Charles
Huie, the Bdlltoudra lumberman of Dun
cana Mill*, when the Inner calle.l *t
|»ullc* headquarter* to nr-k for protection
for the crew and longshoremen who have
been engaged to load the steam schooner
Navarro.
Itule encaced the steam schooner to
curry a cariso of ouk wood and tan bark
to Itedwood Oily, but the act-nts, A. \V.
lieadio A: Co.. were noi willing to take
the enrno unlc?* Hule provided armed
mm to protect the crew and longshore
men working on the wrsel.
The : •.< :np. schooner Is tying at Berry
rti-eet wharf and officers have been de
tailed to uroleit tho non-union crew who
will work on her.
'i In Instructions given to the police of
ttcers are to allow no Interference on the
part of the Milkers or their delegate* end
the orders will 1><? carried out to the let
ter.
Ohtef Sullivan ndvli><Ml Mr. Rule to Iteep
li!.- crt-w on t»u"! vr.'M'l at night and not
to have them omim H^hore to Bleep, at
the i-.iiu.- time informing the lumberman
that he would t>e jus'tlued 111 protecting
hla < ¦- 1 1 1 • i > ¦ > .¦- from molestation, even to
Uio extent «<f thi u*e «>f rtr«*Mrm«.
The advice jjlvrn »<y OhU'f of PMIpe
Bulltvan to Ki.u- i» Miniai to that k'vcu
by eV't'hltt l.<'«'» «lun»8 u perhnl \vh»*n
luehway ii'bln rlrt* were frequrnt In thin
cliy Home l«w y^»rn »b«
\\ hf n « nwn'.tier of t-Ttlaena approached
\h» «istd Chief niwi ashed for |»erm(>>ton
\« carry firettrmn for nrvMPCilwn «U(\liu»t
midnight marawdeft". Ue> tola them that
pormM* were nut i*vjulr#>d,
"Vuu eo hiuI set revolver*," snld Chief
l<efH, "«tid If any of you ni^e molested at
lUgnt on tl»p iireeti« ihoot Ui§ ieoumlrflu
Thpadvu^ of Chief \#t* resulted In tha
nlnta«t immriimi* rhdina vof the war It of
\\\P fonipadit hnit the »im>l* v»f lh*» city
wprt mad? ?ttf**. .
Itulp in « iictcrinlnert mfti\ a»«1 \\\*>*»
who know him *t>y thrtt It* will fully
tuolrrt hi" rhiployrn nenlnpt mii>' attempt
R t m • : .,i!i r>r lut imli'nt ion on thp ptnt of
the mm who might *<rU to prevent the
loading of liln t=|rnm Kihoom-r, Wofk mt
wiihh win brsin twnorrow.
Determined to Load
a Schooner.
Millionaire Charles Rule
Gives Stern Advice
to Employer.
Chief of Police Sullivan
Water Front Police Guard
Arrests Two Score
Strikers.
7 HE mass-meeting in Metropolitan Temple was the feature of the strike situation yesterday, .The strikers were urged to stand firm, and union men at zvork were ex
horted to contribute liberally to tife strike fund. Father Yorkc asserted that the employers, of San Francisco ivere moved by Old World ideas, and they ¦ were
forcing the contest because they wished the relation to be that of master and servant, not that of employer and employe.' He urged his hearers to see that iheir
money did not go into the coffers of the men who stood against them, whether merchants or ncivspaper publishers. Father Yorkc digressed from the strike question to
defend the Examiner against the storm of condemnation, aroused by the assassination of President William McKinlcy.' He expressed in effect his disapproval of the
Union Labor party. While asserting that striker^' violence was a newspaper phantom, he pleaded with the strikers not to weaken their cause by rioting and attacks upon
non-union men. •
FATHER YORKE ADVOCATES CAUSE OF THE UNIONS
SHORT SHRIFT
FOR VIOLATORS
OF THE PEACE
INTIMIDATION
TO BE MET BY
RIFLE BALLS
LABOR'S HOSTS GATHER IN MASS-MEETING AND LISTEN TO BITTER WORDS
OF DENUNCIATION OF THE EMPLOYERS BY CHAMPIONS OF THE STRIKERS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 22, 1001.
NAPA, Sept, 21,— There wnn n .consul
ortiblo full of rnln hero to-night. It In
UM'Kneu'wUU vlntngo fruit' drying, ,.
8ANTA l'M2. N. M., Sept. 21,-The henr
hur In thn cobo of Mugglo, the anarchist,
8uspeet*»d of complicity In the conspiracy
to nsunsslnnto President McKlnley, • hnn
been postponed owing to the absence of
UuUvU States Attorney W. ll/Childont.
Case of Maggio Postponed.
Thomns P. Strafford, m. ex-soldier, who
\\!i!« convicted In Judirn l.iiwloi'u court on
a charge of attempting to commit a
,i!inliiul aanault upon Hilda l.lnilrmann.
n iftrl 9 years of uk«\ on July S last, «|>
scared ft»r sentence, yesterday. The. JudRO
sentenced him to six j car* In 8au Quontlu.
Btrnffo: d Get* Six Years
Carl ttalltlW who tends bnr at 1B1 Fifth
ntreet, won enverely cut on the face in*t
night* In front of. the plncn wh*rn ho
work*. A womnn broK-a n window In
front of tha tmloon while passing. X<I
scn run out unit wan nttttoked by her
escort, who tll*l the cutting, NHsfn'n
wounds were, attended, to nt the Central
Kinergency llospltnl.
27
MURDER
Reward
$1000
V\> will pay ON'R THOUSAND
Pot. t. Alts cfttth n» a reward for
tht nrreat «nd conviction nf mur-
tier of the pnrty or tmrtlen who n«-
wiulted KUANK Mi'iinilH In thtf
city an September ft, 1901, nnd In-
flicted Injuries upon him from
which h« lins since died.
Mr. McQutre wna In nur employ
ns iv boller»maker at l'rlnoe Wil-
liams Bound, nnd was 'assaulted
shortly after his arrival on tho bark
Kresno on said date.
Alaska
Packers' AssociationTHE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY,* SEPTEMBER 22, 1901.
28
EMPLOYMEXT WAXTED--Fn31ALI3.
DRESSMAKER and aeamatreaa. good fitter,
aewa 60c a day or $3 SO a week: during dull
aeason. M. C, box 830, Call office.
TOUNO German woman wanta work by the
day: nrat-clasa laundress or hause.cleanlng:
31 SO a day. Apply to • Marye Terrace, oft
Turk at,, near I~rkln.
WANTED-By competent woman, position; la
good oook, ean do any kind o.' housework,
city or country. Call at 838 Mission at.
DRE8aMAKRR~withrVhe~beat ot r«fereneea:
•ngagementa by day, tatlor and fa.iey
dresses or work taken home. 10 Metealf plaoe,
near Mason St., off Oeary.
WANTRD-Oy Canadian Proteatant ~*man,
altuatton In private family; goo<l oook. Call
at 161 Seventh at.
A 8TRONO woman wants work by the day} Wf
kind, Pleaja call or addrtsi in Minna it.
PLAIN sewing and mending done. 101 '.<**ven.
worth at., room 8, aecond floor.
TOUNO woman wishes any ktnd (it housework
by tht day, Addreit 141 Uitmten ave.. b«t,
KUthtatnth and Nlnttitnth, Mltiion and Va-
lenela.
nariNBD woman wishes position as «hamber-
mni.1 and aewtng or assist with children, $tt
ta $28. AddrtM ft, ua Mission st.
EXPRtUENCKI) young lady wl«h(« position In
bakery or candy store: referenda. Call or
apply 3UV4 Uartfatt at. '
GIHL of 18, ot good parents, wants position to
help In houaework. Call at »0l Mission St.,
corner Twenty-fourth.
YOUNO woman wishes any stei.dy work In
Oakland by the day; Bunday ralf-day; ex-
perienced with babies and platn sewing. 7S6
Beventh St., Oakland.
AS housekeeper by neat elderly American
woman, experienced with children, cooking,
washing; references; wages $10 month. Box
491. Call otnee.
A WOMAN wants work by the day; washing
and housecleanlng. 723 liroalway, near
Powell^ at.
A REFINED lady with a child deitlres a sltu-
atlon as housekeeper where goad home la
assured. Ilox 2318, Call offlce, Oakland.
EXPERIENCED young lady wlslies position
aa glove fitter. Box 2:119, Call office. Oakland.
mcr.IAIU.K woman wishes work by the day
washing and housecleanlng. MRS. FAK-
RELL. i Welsh St.
SITUATION wanted by competent woman aa
cook In an American family of af.ults; wages
*23 to |30. according to work. Do]: 663. Call.
WANTED- Hy respectable girl, work by the
day. Apply or address 114 Elevetth st.
RELIABLE woman with reference will give
services for partly furnished room. Address
MRS. A. P., box 6C5. Call otnee.
RELIABLE, elderly Protestant woman wishes
a position to assist tn light housework Iu
small family; good platn cook; no postals.
1611 Mission st. ________
ELDERLY woman wishes situation to do light
housework In American family: , good refer-
ences; olty or country. Dox 79a, Call offlce.
EXPERIENCED tailor dressmaker from Kust
wishes work; shop or private; cutting or fit-
ting preferred; would go to private houses,
$3 day; suit completed 2*_ days. Address
box 356, Call office. ________
AN English lady of refinement to care for
children or companion to lady; spoaks Prenoh
and Spanish, it. A., 1K3 Uevlsadxro St., Ban
rranclwco.
ItEKlNED girl with knowledge of music. Oer*
man and sewing wishes to assist In family
with one or two children. Call morning, S04f
Pine at.
WANTED— Position either aa ceatiier, sten*
ographer or general offlca assistant; highest
possible references. Don 370, Call office.
POSITION as ranch cook by woman with boy
aged 13: used to cooking for large crews. Dos
378. Call offlce.
WANTED— A position as practical nurse; but
references. Ilox 161, Call offlce.
HICPINBD English lady dealree position ae
companion to lady or care ot children; musi-
cal, aewer, reader aloud and can upeak Ger*
1823 Devliiadero st.
SITUATION wanted by respectable healthy wet
nurse for baby 3 or 4 months old. Address
Nurte. box 4»H. Call ofHce. „_____
, WANTED— PoMtlon us German nursiry govern.
ess by reflned young lady: best of references.
A. U., box 833. Oakland branch C»U.
JAt'ANKSK girl, honest, faithful, urlshen sit-
uation to help cook and do housework In email
family. 321 Powell at. ,
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st.7near Mar-
ket— 200 rooma; 2So to $1 60 per nlgtit: $1 80 to
M week: convenient and respectable; free
bus and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisement* and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce. I2C0 PMImore at.
.'. HitANCll offlce for Call advertiaementa and
subscriptions has been establlshel at 109*
Valencia st.
ISM PLOYMnNT WAXTED— MALE.
FIHHT-CLAB8 coachman, single, for private
family; neat appearance; sober; -use no to-
baceo; willing and obliging;* good horaeman
and driver; flne all-around man; many yeara
with name employer; undeniable referencea;
wagea $46 and found, Addreaa t. hla week.
M. M,, 221 Blxth at.
JEWISH young man wishes position with re*
tall store where services of all around man ia
required; 18 yeara' experience In clothing,
furnishings, hata and shoes; good salesman
nnd window trimmer; atendy and 'thoroughly
reliable; references; reasonable salary; will*
Ing to go anywhere, liox 162, Call.
THOROUGHLY experienced atenogra>pher,
bookkeeper and general offlce man desires po-
sition with good house; good references. Box
47S, Call.
EXPERIENCED candy and ice creum maker
desires position; best of references. Addrete
box 602. Call, offlce.
SOBER, reliable man, clerk, small grocery,
clear store or lodging-house; small wages;
exixtrlcnce and best references, Addresa box
163. Call.
A CAREFUL young man wlahes position as
elevator boy; well recommended. Address
box 301, Call.
WANTED— Situation as assistant stock clerk
or porter In wholesale house by married' man;
some experience; good references; low wages
if Hearty place. Box 344. Call.
WKLLKORER wants contract In San Mateo
Co. ror water wells. Address box 4992. Call.
FOREMAN wishes care of grain or cattle
ranch; married; no children; referencea. 1347
OTarrell st. |
RELIABLE man wants poaltlon as watchman;
best of referencea. Addresa box 7S0, Call.
YOUNO man wanta opportunity to learn the
candy and glace fruit business; state terms.
Box 609. Call offlce.
COMPETENT bookkeeper with over twenty
years' city experience and highest references,
deslrea situation. Address Box 793, Call offlce.
SITUATION wanted In grocery, meat market
or wholesale house by sober. Industrious
young man of 24 with aeveral years' experl-
ence. Box 607. Call office.
UNIVERSITY law student with business expe-
rience wishes work outside of class time. Ad-
dress Box 631. Call office. ¦
YOUNG man, speaks French, Spanish, Italian
and English, wishes position as clerk and In-
terpreter In hotel. Box 661, Call office.
SITUATION wanted by an engineer of 18
yeara' experience; understands tho dynamo
oil burner and steam fitting. Box 660. Call.
WANTKD— By educated man, capable and
sober, position In Hawaii or Japa.3: under-
atanda Japanese; references given. Box 794,
Call offlce.
INTELLIGENT man, aged 43. would like eome
light offlce work; well acquainted- with real
estate; small salary expected. Address A. 8.,
care A. Duncan, 127 Beventh st.
MECHANICAL draughtsman and practical me-
chanlo. . fully understanding construction, la
open to engagement. Uox 667. Call office.
BARBER wants Job evenlnga and Sunday
morning. Box C60, Call ofdro. .
GROCERY clerk wantu position; city or coun-
try; reference*. Ilox 664, Call office..
AN elderly reliable poltaher and cabinet maker
wishes work aa repairer and pollshtr on any
ktnd of work; will work for small wagea In
a good place, Dox 368, Call office.
GERMAN (married), 38 yenra old, wlahea post-
Hun nil watchman, Janitor or other respon.
kIIiI.i place; firat*clasa references. Box 353.
Call offlce. '
WANTI3t>— Work as millwright or foreman of
sawmill or wood working factory; over 20
yeara' experience; aober and reliable, Ad«
rtrc»a box 3Sfl, Call office,
Al ".TrNBMiTii~at"all branchea of the trade
wanta Job; country preferred; low v/agea for
nKreeaMq situation, Addremt Tinsmith, box
4S7, Cull office.. , /,. ,*"
POSITION on ranoh: mariied>man; foreman S
' years; vlneynniut. blackamltli, carpenter; tin-
(Inrstnmia chickens: wife good coo*; refer*
enenw, flox l7Mfen_offiC«.
MAN ami wife, experlenemramT reliable, want
fhargd'of plaea or work on ranch. Call or
BrttlfMiw C. 13,. a:.1 Minna at. ,
POSITION wnntefi by young gentleman as prl.
vate secretary or traveling companion. Ad*
drefi* haxlim, C«H office.
W A N Tl«n- Work as plumber's helper: three
yeara 1 experience In gas flttlng; young man
anil will J»"_ki AdiirpM box 3m, Citll offluo,
POIXT1ON tiy nn nxporl«nc*d mnn with horses;
ran milk rows, make butter; Is generally use.
ful. Addresa T. D,, tfilo Howard at.
MEETINGS— UntTeraal Brotherhood.
UNIVERSAL. Brotherhood A Theoeophlcal Soci-
ety, 810 O'Farrell— Publlo tneetlnga lat Sun..
1st & 3d Tups, of month; children's Lotus
Group Sun. 11; to-night members' meeting.
MEIflTIKG NOTICES.
MEMBERS of Ban Francisco Chapter as
No, 1, Iloyal Arch Masons, are re- __f% -
quested to attend the funeral of our ~K/f
late oomp. and P. H, P., BAMUBLTV 1
BTBRNHEIM, at lb:l» o'clock, THIS MORN-
ING, from the residence, «**$,£ Bta .
PACIFIC Ufit* Ko, M8, V. and A, M,, •
in Jiadyst., will meet en SUNDAY,
t^- & *£sx o-f ?ur W-bM; a*
CnOCKBTT Lodft No. W, F, and A, •
M.-Uffleors an3 niMiib^rs ar* W*n\>j^£\^
n<.im»4 tu ftlt»nd the funeral wf oui XyT
P, m, B y «*^?JM!hfa
O. «», if.-lnltuilon MONOAttiS^~*5^
RVISNIKO, H-pt-nilt-r II. I VS \fVSz7
o'clock! at 3318 Mission at, lireth*
i mi invited, U, M. COLUUUN, N. O.
tt A, WniS-hKU, It. 8.
umitv t*A.* N.» iii t\ ti » ¦¦iVI'tt-T"
8l*tepnth nnd Valpiifla sta.— All
limtiibcri are requpatod to RttPtnl i^vf^^S'
the regular meeting TUK8DAY
KVDN1NO, Beptembrr T4. Our Grand Master
and the Veteran Odd Follows will pay Ua a
Maternal visit on the occasion. All members
of the order 'cordially Invited.
J.- It. HUDSON, Noble Grand.
OEO. H. BTKWAKT. lleo. Sep.
THI2 California Debrta Commission having re-
ceived applications to mine by the hydraullo
procera from A. K. Jones In the Hamton
placer mine, near Johnsvllle, l'lumaa County,
to depoelt tailings In Nelson Creek: from
Ellen C. Sargent ot al., In the Quaker Hilt
No. 2 mine, at Quaker Hill, near Nevada
City, Nevada County, to deposit tailing! on
a flat below the mine, and from the Calaveras
Mining, Water and Power Company, In the
Round Butte placer mine, near Sheep Hunch,
Calaveras County, to deposit tailings In O'Ncll
Creek, glvea notice that a meeting will be
held at room 59, Flood building, San Fran-
Cisco. Cal.. on September 30. 1901. at 1:30 p*. m.
ADOPTION.
GIRL and boy baby for adoption. MRS. DR.
FUNKS. 1418 Eighth st. Alameda.
; AGEOTS WANTISD. ¦
AGENTS, also general traveling and resident
district managers to handle the only author-
ised official, authentlo life of President Mc-
Klnley; also giving Uve» of our other martyr
Presidents, Lincoln and Garfleld; complete In-
side history of the villainous worklnga of the
•narchlstlo societies; profusely Illustrated;
over 100 pages; liberal commissions to agents
and a straight guaranteed salary to those In
the advanced positions; you never had a bet-
ter opportunity to make big money quick
than you have to-day; you can make $500 a
month for the next three months pushing this
marvelous book: strike now while the lrqn Is
hot; do not delay, for every day Is worth
from $10 to $20 to you; and bear In mind that
If -you demonatrate to ua that you can' Bell
books that later In the fall we will be willing
to employ you under a atralght-out, guaran-
teed mlnry to appoint and Instruct other
agents; this Is the chance ot a lifetime;
credit given; freight paid; outfit free: write
to-day and aend lOo for postage on outfit. Co-
operative 1'ubllahlng Co., 9O9-3S6 Dearborn st,
Chicago. _¦
AGKNTB— Splendid chance to make money; our
new I'ufkM Atlas contains maps of every
8tate In Union and every country In the
world; bJbo lfOO census complete; over 400
psg«<s maps and descriptive matter: sells at
siBiit: send :'.'.q for Bample and terms to
at-enta. Ranfl, McNally A Co,, Chicago, III.
McKINLlJV'H Life, by Murat HnJsted; b~t
author; Iwt book; best terms; retails $1 60;
will duplicate any offer on Inferior books;
credit given; freight paid; outfit free. J. 8.
y.lKOLKK A CO,, Chicago, 111.
AGENTS wanted-Ufo of. McKlnley: five hun-
dred page large book; handsomely illustrated;
t>u mi free; now ready; 75 iier cent discount to
agents; freight paid; credit glvea MKNHV
NEIL, 823 Dearborn at.,_Cliilcaeo.
TO sell Improved "Heat" Light; beats eleo-
trlclty; cheaper than kerosene; makes and
burns Its own gas; light with a match; no
alcohol usod; big pronts. Tha Best J.lglit Co.,
Canton. Ohio.
LIFE of the lamented President MuKlnley by
Murat IluUieud and all the beat subscription
and holiday books: agsnta wantrd everywhere.
TUB J. 1JBWINO COMPANY", rooms IS, 18,
14. Klood building.
AGENTH-Do you wont something more profit-
able and easier to sell than booka or Insur-
ance7 Ad. F. FBrtBON. r. 412. I'arrott bldg.
AGENTS, either Bf x. splendid seller; 40 per
rent commission; don't fall to examine. 718
Kills xt,. old No,, next to 748 Bills, 4-7 p. in.
Itr.KIAHl.l-J young man of good addreHS to
work on salary; references required. Apply
California Photo-Kngravlng Co., t!3 Market.
AUliNTS wanted for the Electrlo Creamalade
Co.; call between 3 and 4. 1231 Myrtle at,,
Oakland.
LADY agenta to Introduce a very effective rem-
efly for ladles; big profit. 17»i McAllister st.
LIVI3 agents: authentlo Ufa McKlnley. W111T-
AKRR A RAY CO.. W. F.
A » V 11 A LT U I .M It OOF I NO .
3. PELTIER, anphalt roofing, sidewalks re«
paired: postal. 1188 Mission ; tel. Folaom 1477.
~ ...ASTItOLOOY. _
KNOW YOUR FORTUNES
From cradle to grave— past, present, future
correctly treated; success assured in iove and
business; my horoscopes are wonderful divin-
ers; Bend date of birth and lOo to pay for sam-
ple copy of magazine of New Ideaa and I will
send free typewritten horoscope of your life
and descriptive photo of person you should
love. They call me wonderful wizard of the
2Dlh century because of true predlctlona; only
89 yeara old, I have made ovor $100,000. Be-
lieve 1 can make you equally successful If you
need my advice. Write and let me read your
life. PROF. ASTRO, box 3CS3, Philadelphia.
ASTROLOGY— Your Immediate prospects and
test sketch of life by an expert predletlonlst;
rend date of birth, aex and 12c. PROF. SER-
RANO. box 6238. Boston. Mass.
AmUXlSY^AT^^LAW.^
ADVICE free— Divorces a specialty; quick;
quiet; no charge without success; collections,
wills, deeds, etc., prepared; charge low; estb.
18 years. Atty. G. W. HOWE. 800 Market st.
ADVICE free;dlvorces private; bankruptcy ;col-
lections ;attachments; mortcages;bllls of sale;
partnerships :decds; wills drawn;fees low;open
eve's. THURSTON. 1008V4 Mkt.. r. 4. op. Ith.
ADVICE free; open eve.; moderate fee It suc-
cessful. EDW. R. SHIRRAN, 927 Market st.
ADVICE) free; no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON, 927 Market at.', opp. Mason.
L, B. CLARK, Emma Spreckels bldg., 927 Mar-
ket st.: consultation free; no fees In advance.
BOARDlrfGt FOR CHILDREN.
YOUNG boy to board In reflned family; refer-
ences exchanged. MRS. GEORGE SANDOW,
7«3 Clayton st.
MOTHER'S care and good home for two or
three children; low terms. 1607 California st.
BOOKS — NEW AXP OLD.
BOOKS of every kind bought. Tel. Red 2958.
HOLMES DOOK CO.. 704-708-708 Mission at.
BUIUS AC TRUNKS. ' ¦
A8K to ice Lundbeck's Improved drawer
trunk; at all dealers or factory. 826 Howard.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
PARTNER wanted in a restaurant; $U0. Mo*
HKIDE A CO., 1018 Market st.
CHOP house, $128. McBRIDE A CO., 1016
Market st
A DELICACY and lunch room, $250. McBRIDB]
A CO., 1016 Market st.
GROCERY and bar, $600. McBIUDE A CO.,
1016 Market at
$no-PARTNER wanted; great chance In a
paying offlce. McURIDE A CO.. 1016 Market.
A— $2500; LIVERY and boarding stable north
of Market St., clearing above $300 per month;
full value In sight; u rare opportunity, Call
H. Q. WILKE, 2<SV4 Kearny at.
OKO, NRWTON, 7t» Market at,— Karga Hat of
lodging-houses, restaurants, hotels, ranches,
bualneas chancca; all kinds for sale or ex.
$7S-PAUTN!C»l wanted In real estate offlce.
_OI{Q, NEWTON A CO., 76» Market at.
A (mookliY and Tfrult store for aale;
$W0i rent $27 10; rtally rales $15.
M. OUimw. hi Market atl, ima, 1 and I.
NOTICJ3— The enpartnr rxlilp heretofore exist*
L l ?F..£: l .? r<wn .. w ' J- ANURIBWB and IC. T.
HCHAW, under the firm name and atyle of
ANimicWH.A BCIIAW, la this <1«y fli.!
solved by mutual consent. Dat»d Bapt. 80,
•Ml. ' , W. J. ANUniflWB.
10. T. 8UIIAW,
A ? H y^J« interests. In having a little money,
from $20 upward, earn for you a permanent
rash Innomp, Mgg»r every week than a wliola
•Wi?" '"S 1 "H*' 1 "* wp°n the Bam* amount?
If bo, Bend ua ynur addreaa. No apenulatloa
or iramhiing acheme, but legitimate buslnesa.
nr«t>clasB references In niiv part of the
United MiMira. jg, j, AMNni/j A CO., Ninth
and Pine its., Bu J^uis, u<,,\
IAJT FRAXCISCO CALL.
DUFINES3 OFFICE of The San FraneUeo
Call, corner of Market and Third atreets; open
until 12 o'clock every night In tha rear.
BRANCH OFFICES-ttT Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 8:19 p. m.
800 Hayea street; open until 8:80 p. ra.
CSl McAlllater street; open until *:30 p. m.
«18 Larkla street; open until 8:80 p. m.
1M1 Mission street; open until 10 p, re,
mi Market street, corner Sixteenth} open
until 8 p. ra.
8M eleventh etreeti epea until • p. m.
30>l Valencia etreeti open until I p. nu
Northwest corner Tw»nty*»eoon4 at>4 Kea*
tacky streets ; open until I p. ra.
tm nilmore atreeti opea until I p. ra.
ciiuucii Bisnvicus.
FIRST Conrreg attonal Church, eorner Post and
Mason sts.-Mey. Ueorge a Adams, D. 1>,,
pastor. r*rrvirr» at 11 a. tn. and 7:4$ i p, rn.
Morning lopio. "Ttie Umltatlona ot UWty. '
Uvemna to^te, ¦¦Borrowing Unto Kepentanoe."
All are welrome.
JlicilMOND CengrfgatUwal Church, corner
frvmth av». and rimirnt at— Paator, it»v.
I 'Mill. Coombe; rraldonce. 3<1$ Jaekson st.i
jrirjf.nji* 1'inn 44T6. 11 a. m. sermon, theme,
'¦National (Salvation Through Mysterious
W'ii'i"l T:4» p. m., subject, "William Me*
Ktnipjs MalilfrHHtlnti ot the lUvlne Spirit
ot rorrlveneaa." Sunday school, Il4t a. tn.
C. IS. Boclrty. I.C p. m.
L'NITAIUAN Church <rinit), southwe*t corner
or Oeary and Franklin ets.— Hev. Bradford
Leavitt, mlnlater; Uev. Dr. Btcbblna, minister
emeritus ; Charles A. M unlock, superintendent
of Bunday arhool. The Bunday school la at
10 o'clock. The morning rrrvice Is at 11
o'clock. Ilev. Mr. L>eavltt will pr«ach; sub-
ject, "The Cost of Progress." All axe cor-
dially invited. There la no evening aenice.
On Thursday evening the Young People's So-
ciety will meet, and all young people of the
church are invited to be ptvsent.
UNITARIAN Church <S*cond), corner Capp
and Twentieth sts.— Rev. K. F. Dlnemore,
minister; residence, 82. Capp st. Bunfiay
school at S:46 o'clock. The minister will
preach at 11 o'clock on "The Higher Prophy-
laxis." There will be no evening service dur-
lng September.
EIMP8ON Memorial Methodist episcopal
Church, corner ot Hayes and Buchanan
ets.— Rev. John Stephens, the pastor, will
preach at 11 a. m. and 7:4S p. m. Topic for
evening. 'Xeaaona for Young People I'Vom
the Ldfe of the Martyred President,'' followed
by installation of Kpworth League officers.
Special muflc. All Invited. Seats free.
CENTRAL Methodist Kplscopal Church. MIs-
elon street, between Sixth and Seventh— Dr.
8. D. Hutalnplller will preach at 11 o'olock on
the topic "The Many Mank'.ons In Our
Father's House" and at 7:45 on the toplo
"The Innumerable Company ot the Redeemed
Gathering Home." Thla la the last Sunday
of Dr. Hut»lnplllfr's pastorate In thla city.
CALVARY Precbyterian Church, 1» St. John's
Church. California and Octavla ats.— Rev.
John Hemphlll, D. D., pastor; Rev. George Q.
EidredRe, associate pactor-elect. Dr. Hi-mp-
hill will preach at 11 a. in.; toplo, "Shall We
Have a Christ?" Mr. Kldredce will preach
at 7:4t p. m. ; topic. "Christ's Plain Speak,
ing." Sabbath school at cloro of morning
service. Y. P. 8. C. K.. 6:80.
TRINITY Church, corner Bush and Gough
ata.— Rev. Frederick W. Clampett. E>. D..
rector. Holy communion, 7:30 and 11 a. m.
Morning service, 11 o'clock. Uvenlng prayer,
4 o'clock. Friday sf-rvlee at 11 a. tn, for
army and navy. The rector will preach.
. EMMANUEL Baptist Church. Dartlett St..
near Twenty-third— Pastor, ilev. J. Gaorge
Glbaon. Morning eervlce, 11 o'clock: sermon
by Rev. Joseph Ellison; barytone solo l>y Hev,
J. aeorge Qibson. "My Ltcht" (Fuller).
Kvenlng. 7:45 o'clock, baptismal service; bary-
tone solo. "Pray for the Peace of Jeruealem"
iTowht).
BUSH-ST. Chapel, between Hyde and I^arkln—
J. Wlllway Treadwrll will speak upon the
three names of Jehovah handed down to us
by the Jews. Deut. vl:4, "Jrtwah Goda of
ua la one Jehovah." Brnioes, morning 11
o'clock and 7:4S p. ra. Subbath school, 9:30
a. in. C E., «:S0 p. m. ¦¦
CATHEDRAL MIssTon of the Good Samarttan,
Beeond st.. near Foisorn— Hev. J. P. Turner In
charge. Holy communion. 7:30 a. m. Morn-
ing prayer nnd nrrmon. 11 o'clock. Choral
evensong and sermon by the Rlcht Rev.
Ethclbert Talbot, D. D., Bishop of Central
Pennsylvania. 7:45 o'clock.
niGHT RBV, ETHE7-.UKIIT TAL.IJOT. D. D..
of ontritl Pcnnrjivanla will preach at 4 p.
m. to-morrow In Trinity Church.
CHTRCH of Bon'a Hptrlt, B;>lrlt ot Charity—
Hrlected choice sermons of Ilev. T. de W Ht
Talmar*. delivered by Dr. W. H. IlrUra. Bea-
•on tlcketa, A lecturea II; ntngte admlaaton,
rsc. Good muni.', soul inspiration, gems ot
thourht. Beasnn tickets can be obtained at
Occidental Hall, offlre corner Larkln and Me-
Alllater »ts., ctty. Flint meeting on Thurs-
day fvenlnr. Beptember It. ¦
riHST Church of Christ, Scientist, Central
Mock, S2S Sutler at., between Kearny at. and
Grant ave.— Christian science Bible lesson
at 11 a- nv; subject, "He-llty." Sunday
erhool for chlldrva at the aame hour.
Wedneaday evening meeting at I o'clock.
Free reading-room, 2C< Kearny at., room 610.
AH are welcome.
SEVENTH Day Adventlat Church, 914 Laguna
pi . between McAllister and Golden Gate ave.
—Preaching this evening at 7:30 o'clock by the
paator, IClder W. 8. Sailer: aubJect, "The Di-
vine Teat, or Truth vs. Miracles." All art
cordially invited to attend. Heats free.
CONGREGATION U«h Homedronh Hogodal
will hold Yom Keepor services at Odd Fel-
lows' Hall. Tlcketa can be obtained Bunday
nil day at same hall.
THE First Mental Hclenee Temple meets every
Bunday morning at 11 o'clock in Oolden O>te
Hail, C38 Butter st. Subjects considered from
the new thought standpoint. The. publlo cor-
dially Invited. This morning Dr. J. M. Case
will lecture; aubject, "Ideaa." Beate free.
Collection will be taken.
GOSPEL Tent, corner Page and Gouch eta., 1
block from Market— Free publlo lecturea by
J. McDonald, evangellut from Australia, com-
mencing Lord' a day, September C2, at 8 and
":4S p. m.. and each evening In the week
<except Saturday) at 7:48 o'clock. Subject,
"The Tabernacle In the Wilderness," Illus-
trated by magic lantern. All cordially In-
vlted. No collection.
THEOSOPinCAL Society— Free public lectures
every Sunday at 8 p. m.. Flood building. 80B
Market st. Subject to-night. "A Twentieth
Century Woman," by MIbb Marie A. Walslu
Free lending library open Monday, Thursday
and Saturday, 1 to 4 p. in., and Saturday
evenlnga. lilble claes Sundays, 11 to 12. 'l"h.-o-
aophlcal study data Thursdays. 2:30 to 4 p. m.
THEOSOPHICAL Society— Public lecture In
Oc"d Fellows' building to-night at 8 o'clock;
subject, •The Master— the Perfect Man," by
W. J.. Walters.
MEBTIKG9 — 5U.MJAY.
AA— Dr. John A. Kergan will lecture this even-
Ing at Crystal Hall, Pythian Castle, floi Mar-
ket et. Subject— "The Mechanism of the Hu-
man Car"— to be followed by magnificent
views of our country. Those attending may
procure free tickets to the wonderful X-ray
exhibition at the Sanitarium next Tuesday
evening. Beats free; no collection. Don't
forget the Question Dox.
COME A see C. V. Miller* e wonderful seances;
Sun., Tues.. Frl., I p. <n., 50o; you can speak
to rplrtt friends face to face, recognize them;
give namea; received roedala from many
countrlea; taken tact world's record medal
Paris Fair. 1084 Push Bt.; tel. 2275 Larkln.
EVERYONE! attends Brockway'a aeance to-
night becauae each recelvea a teat with full
sajnea; he tella you about your business and
soda] affaire and helpa all In doubt and
trouble; 22>c. 218 Hyde at., corner Eddy.
A GRAND rplrltuat test meeting, to* Market
at., rear hall; 1L free; 2 to 8, 10o; Mr. Swan,
Mm*. Maxwell, Wrrnn, Stoddard, Harrason,
McKee. Inspiration singer; others.
EDWARD EARLK, lie* Droadway, Oakland,
to-night, A. O. U. w. Hall, in hla marvelous
tetta, messages, etc. (No afternoon seance.)
A— X. F. T. BIBLE S. S. and Church, SO) Mar-
ket— n, free; 2-1. 10c; Mrs. Holdgson. 8eeley.
Dr. Wheeler, Hargrave. Wilson, others.
VAN ANKEN removed from 423 Ellis to 830'
Ellis, near Jones; free palmistry lectures;
8 thiB evening; free readings for all.
LADIES' Aid— Old folks' concert for the young
folks; come and Bee it; Friday, September 30
Occidental Hall. 8 p. m. '
MRS. EBIsnUAItirrS spiritual test meeting.
S2&0 Twenty-«econd St., bet. Mission and Va-
lencia, 8 p. m. ; lOo.
PROGRESSIVE Spiritualists. Occidental Hall
80S Larkln. September 2}, 7:30 p. m. Bpeaker,
Mrs. It. H. Llllle..
MUSTAFA. Egyptian materializing seanoe,
Hun., Wed.. Frl., 8 p. m., 25c; alttlnea dally.
lClO Bush at.
A SPIRITUAL Beance thle evening, 7:3ft. JOn;
readings dally. COe. MJtfl. Hi: JlilA Itl>. 10)
Oak «t.
"AHT of Living," lecture, Odd Fellows' Hall,
Henry Harrison Ilrown. 8 p. m.; free music.
Ml'.B. WKRMOt.'TH, 416 O. G. ava., *oanco to.
nlrht. tie; Mon., Frl., 3 p. m.; Wed,, 3;80,
MRB. HTOnnAUD, convincing te*t to all; clr".
rim, lOn, Sunday. Tues,; rued, daily. 27K Pth.
A-PItOK. OICK, medium, 108 Sixth st; circle
to-nisrht, 10c; full namea given; questions ans,
MMi".. YOUNO'R Aemonstratlon of spirit return
to-night. Cot McAllister, 10c; coma, skeptics.
W. O, KEIDGAN holds spiritual meeting every
night excrpt Bat.; io«i. 148 HUth at., M floor.
MRS, OILUNailAM'8 spiritual test meeting
this evening, lOo. 301 Larkln ; hours I to I.
Katie Itmissniann'a bene-flt circle to-nlarht, Ka.
HI W. Mlssioa, nr. 13th | sittings dally.
A WCRX'S news tor I rents-Tha W»»kly Call,
II pagss, Id wrapper, for matllhg, II ptr yrar,
CLAIRVOVAXTS—Cow^lnned.
MME, M. BERNARD.
THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, permanently
located at 17 Third St., next Examiner bldg. She
reads your life correctly, glvea an accurate de-
acrlptlon ot the paat, reveala the present hap-
penlnga and portrays events to occur In the fu-
ture. If you are In trouble, discontented, un-
happy or not aatlsflea In lire, or have domes-
tic, love or buatneaa troubles, consult this great
medium and you will be told how to overcoma
them. Valuable advice tn all affairs ot lite!
23o up: perfect satisfaction guaranteed.
MRH,MALLORYi spiritual card reader) lend
atamp for circular! Udlea, ;5o; gents, 60o. 917
Howard it.
MMR. BCHArrzm, clairvoyant, card reader!
sittings dally. 44$ H J»ssle at., bet. 6th and ttn.
MMJiJ RAVHNNA readi lift fluently; buitn«»
a<1vle«»: na.rn»« flv>ni it* up. ft r<"irth_st.
CARPET nBATINQ AND CLBANINQ.
WIIBN you beeom* disgusted wltlvpoor work
send to MfAUUMNU'M v\w*et fl-rMt.h»at«
Ing Worki, >M.IW Tehama it.i UI South «.
AMBRIGAN Carpet.beatlng Works-Cleaning,
8eirtnovatedirelald..l08 14th at.l tel. Capp 8843.
CAttPRTt beaten or laid, »a p*r yard. CHAR.
PARHY, Him Market st, | phont Mint KUl
ADVANCQ Carpet'.eieanlnt eo>. 40i'Butteftt.t
_l!^JJJ lln J l JL < -__o BO -A VA A COM A c P"....ggP*.
RUDOLPH A CO., carp»t-beaUng works; prleea
reasonable. 1701 Harrison,' tel. Mission 263.
CONKLIN'B Buperlor Carpet»beatlng Works,
8M Golden Oata ave. 8 telephone East lit.
CITY Btenm Carpet-beatlng Works. O. M.
BTEVENB. Mgr.. 38-40 »th st. j tel. South 380.
J. B. MITGHRLti Carpet-beatlng and Reno-
vatlng Co.. 240 Fourteenth st. ; tel. Mission 74.
CHIROPODISTS.
PROF.Btraaaburger fromN.Y.,apectallst on feet,
diploma T.P.B.B.N.Y.; Chronicle big., rm. 71.
BUNIONS, corns, Ingrown nails; palnleaa cure.
DR. DUNCAN. 206 Kearny St.. room 307.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGB W, KELLY'S Agency— No charge un-
leaa aucceaaful. Room 810. 127 Market at.
COTTAGES TO 1, 1ST.
MODERN cottage of 7 rooma and bath. 2319
Uush st.
NEW cottage. 6 rooms, batha; lot 37:6x100 feet,
MlBBlon. $2800:terma to suit buyer. 418 Kearny.
~~~~T
A^DrVt." 8. ifiaaiNS, 927 MaTkeT~atreetT
Emma Spreckela building. Reasonable prices
for'painleaa dentlatry; pure gold Ailing $1 60;
artificial teeth, on plate, look natural and
guaranteed, $5 up; a good metal platt $15;
gold and porcelain crown i $5 to $10; teeth
. without plate: palnlesa extraction.
AT the HLECTRO-DBNTAL CLINIC. 809 Mar-
ket at., cor. 4th, rm, 7, Flood bldg., you can
have your extraotlona done painlessly; teeth
without plates our ipeclalty; gold crowns,
$2 CO up; plates, extraction! free, 84 E0 up; of-
fice hours, 8 a. m. to 10 p. m.; Sundays. 9 to
8 p. m. J. W. TIU-rCHRn. M. P., Manager.
KU1I1T prices for best crowns, plates, bridges
and fllllngs; extractions or fillings by my
wonderful secret, painless method; 20 years'
experience; no students; advtot free; prices
cheapest and guaranteed ; lady attendants,
Bit, OKOUQ12 W. HCKK, 20 O'Farrell st.
A— nkw unbreakable plate, tha Rose Pearl,
warranted for £0 yean; crowns, $3 BO; filling!,
(Oo; plates, $5; full aet! all work palnltas and
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth.
AT Ideal Dental Co., I Eddy St.— Work done
on weekly Installments; lowest rates.
PARIS Dental 1'nrloiH, 235 Kearny, oor. _u*h->
Kull set of te»th, $4; crowns, $3; fllllngs, 25o.
YOU can save 40 per cent on dental work by
going to im, IinOWN, 64 Sixth at.
HKT of teeth without pints. l>ii. IU Q.
YOUNO, 1241 Polk tt.
DR. H. L.WAL81I.SUK Geary, nr. Larkln— Pain-
lesa extraction too; plates IS up; phone Polk 1133.
DR. H. Q. THUMAN, denlst, third floor. K\-
amlner building; formerly In Murphy bldg.
VAN VHOOM-"Palnlesa"; evenings and Bun-
days. 1001 Market at., corner Blxth.
POO HOSPITALS.
bit.'' CnRiELY'Bc/ I\ dog'iioap by 'druggist*
or at the Hospital. C10 DoMen Gate ave.
nilKSaM AKEI184 AWO 8 W AMSTnCMBS
FRBNCH aocordlon and knife pleating. WM.
PILOKR. 121 Post, over O'Connor A Moffatt.
• EDUUATIUMAL.
OPKRA Academy, Ernest Qeorga, itsgt man-
ager; connected for ten yeara with the leading
operatic atagca ot IZurope; vocal and dramatic
Instruction; pupils assisted to best positions:
repertoire In tho Kngllsh. French, Italian ana
German languagci* Studio, 104 Kills it,, near
Van Neaa ave.
A VltlCS' Leading Dualneaa College. 723 Market—
$8 per month; $60 Ufa scholarahtp guarantee a
complete hualnosa education; shorthand, typ*
Ing, bookkeeping, arithmetic, penmanship,
spelling, Spanish, eta ; experienced teachers;
new typewriters; positions secured: cat, free.
YOUNG man who haa traveled extenalvely
wishes to exchange ICngllnh conversation with
an Italian, Iftenehman, Spaniard or Herman
of best class who haa time to apare. IS. D.
LOV13, 410 l'ost at.
A— The official reporters of the Supreme Court ad-
vise their friends to attend the GALLAGHER-
MARHH COLLKG1S; la this advice worth fol-
lowing? Life Bcholarshlp $50; catalogue.
A-'I'HK liVCKUM, an accredited preparatory
school for the university, law and medical
colleges; referencea, Prealdent Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building.
CALIFOUNIA Medical College, regular term
open* October 7. Full Information write D.
MACLEAN, M. P., dean. Donohoe bldg., 8. F.
ACTING, elocution, specialties, Hallett School.*
usscclated with theatrical agency securing
poBltlonn. Alcazar building. 120 O'Farrell st.
MKRR1LL-MILLEII College— Shorthand, typ-
Ing, practical bookkeeping. Roomn 40-45, Par-
rott bldg.; Individual instruction; catalogue.
ENGINEERING— Civil, elec.ml^Ing.mech, sur-
vey, assay, cyanide; day, eve. ; test. 1864, Van
rter Nalllcn School, 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
ACTING, elocution, specialties, Hallett School.
Associated with theatrical agency securing
positions. Alcazar building, 120 O'Farrell st.
BOOKKKKl'INU, figures; the one man who per-
fects bcslnnera, college graduates A bookkeep-
ers in TAItlt, the expert. :»0 I'arrott bldg.
A FULL course ot Bills bookkeeping and the
Gregg shorthand coats only $60, Ban Fran-
cisco Business College, 1238 Market st.
FRF.E introductory lecture to clasces In astro-
p«ychology, .Friday. September 27, 8 p. m.
526 Eddy st.
VAUDEVILLE School of Acting-Pupils pre-
. pared for the stage. 125 Mason st.
eVCTING — Send to Grand Opera-house for clr-
cular of Grand Opera-house School of Acting.
Chicago Business Collesre. 1435 Market, nr. 10th.
Pitman shorthand, typing, bookkeep.. $6 mo.
MARY P. WESTIIAUS. plar.o. mandolin, guitar
lessons, tOc: piano -for practice. 39 Fifth st.
PROF. L. MERKI, experienced teacher: violin,
mandolin, guitar; Juvenile clane. 1008 Mission.
ILLUSTRATION-PARTINGTON'B DAY and
ILLUBTRATION-nlght class. 424 Pine at.
HEALD'S ntiatnena College, 24 Poat at., 8. F.;
founded 1863; new 80-page catalogue free, ,
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing.
etc.; day or eve,; $5 mo. 1C24 Mission, nr. 6th.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertlsementa and
subscriptions haa been eatabltahed at 1096 Va-
lenrlq st.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
jXpaNESeT Vnd^ChfilesV'hels T of alt"'kinda';
cooks, waltcra and houae servants, a ISO.
AOKI A CO.. 421 Post St.; tel. Bush 138.
CHINESE and Japaneie Employment Offlce—
Peat help, 411V4 O'Farrell at.; tel. Kait 426.
SAM KEPI A CO., employment offlce— Dest help;
estbd. 1860. 621^ California st.i tel. It*d 401.
JAPANESE Intelligence Office-Furnish most
reliable help. 524 Rush at.; tel. Push 516.
ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese, Chi.
nese help. 426 PowoU.nr.Butter; tel. Ulack BO72.
RELIAHLn Japnnese.Chlnese Employment Of-
fleet all kinds help. M5 Stockton; Main 61K8.
Ki^li5t^'Jj££Z^^ a l ia .
AWAITING ultiintlons— American cooks.^rtotw
lull rook, flrst'Olnvs nursos, chambermaid and
sewing, second girls and girls for housework t
all with the nest of refnranaea, full at
ANUniyil, 31d T Btorkton at. ; Main 1304.
UHKBHMAKHH, thoroughly competent; per-
fnutlon In nuing and' trimming; costume* re>
iiiim1hI.iI: int. 'Hi styles; ruperlenoml in l^it
Work; $1 B0 per day, Address Modiste, box
din, (,'all uffloe. «
OQOD ilr»»pm.iHar would Ilka to go out by the
day, Him. tako sowing horns, Call at ;tw
CftllffiililH. it.! tel, Hakfr 749,
WANTED by a refined young woman, position
to da office win U. I'.inylHif, iuii|rTilii«: beat
refereneeii. ' tlox HOI, fall. ¦
A F"1IIBT«CI<AHS laundress wnntu "vnHhlng to
ia nt her hema, Cull at 511 MeAlllntflr at.;
i phoiifl Kolonni 1(191, '
FIRBT.fJI.AHH tironiniBker from New York di-
sires tiitKHgnments or at- htim«; perfeut fit;
rwrilili rBft'iPiuHs, 72H t )•> vKftdsre it.
LAbV fcarlwr wents work In Urbdr ahou; city
I or country, Ilox 976, Call,
LOpQlNO HOUgES^qn gAJ.W~ron.
ATTENTION, BUYERS 1 '
COME TO US FOR BARGAINS.
HEADQUARTERS FOR ROOMINO HOUSES,
Any of the following on monthly payments:
24-room workingman's house; cheap rent. $sco
6-room flat; all rented.. 225
21 rooma; country; transient; clears $150, ., 1400
70 rooms on Butter; always rented., 3600
WB HAVB HOUSES IN EVERY PART OF
1 CJTT.
II roomi on Ellla; flne location) dean $75 659
70-room apartment. houae,, .................. «uco
14 rooma; a grand corner; clears $123 1500
43 rooma wand halls: fine Income... 8600
CALL, WB CAN SUIT YOU.
15 rooms; sacrifice; clean fiM> „,,.,.„...,, ISO
7>rooin flat; a bargain ™Q
14 rooms; transient; clears $125. WO
21 roomsj $500 cash; balance payments.... 1W0
60 rooma; rent $100; elixu-e $150.............. 1&W
100 roems: granel earner; eleara $400........ 8000
MONBY LOANED,.... Phen* John Ml
A, H. RBTBLQyy, 198 MrU., cor, BllU, r. 11.
A. CAMKUON A CO., ¦ _ ...
• 160 Market St., and I Stockton ft., _
Roomi 91, 83 Rod 83. Phone Bush I2I.
» you hftvt hoUl, reemtng'hous* or builnsii
to i«U list with ui. We have caah cuitemen
for all iImi and prleei. 0«« Hit el i barjalni,.
40 r.srsm $U0ieleg.fur.!pays well!redueedu$8*60
»7 r.j rent $140; oak fur.; Al location..,, tm
SO r.i rent 8*0; b. h, «v».| Kuartmewta.,.. 1M0
Notlefr-18 r.j rent $80t Nfo, eor.i e years'
lease) new houie) eUgitnt turn.) inv««lKBt»,
Money loaned on deferred payments, itt p. p.
0 r.i modern flat! nleely fur... BoO
8 r.; rent $35; oak rur.i Inc. 180............ 888
5>ypr 600 houwes listed. Call before buying.
ATTENTION t-nuyers will flnd It to their- b.1-
vantage to call and examine lint of FIBH_n
A CO., 835 Market St., phono Folsom 1592.
84 r $1400 11 r $800 16 r $800
SO r 1150 20 r 800 14 r 450
15 r 1000 13 r 600 « r 400
15 r..... 700 8 r..... 3fiO 10 r 400
8 r..... Cf.0 < r 223 7 r 226
WINSTON A WOLF, 1026 Market st.
16 rooms; Geary st.; $600 cash: payments. $1150
22 rooms; elegant furniture; only ltOO
22 rooms; muBt aell; make oftor.... -— •
42. rooms; modern building; rent $125 3200
60 room a; corner; rent $78; only 2000
....MANY OTHEItB TO BKLKCT FROM....
$378— A GRKAT bargain; furnished house. 7
• rooms, newly furnished; rent $35. From 1 to
8 p. m., 804 Oeary st.
WANTED- For cash, good 15 to 25 room house;
oentral: well furnished. Address box 668, Call.
_ODGINO-HOUBE of 13 furnished rooms for
sale; price $295. 149A Fifth Bt.
SPHUTUALISM^ j
BROCKWAY'S psychlo seance Bunday, Tues-
day. Wednesday, Thursday and Friday, 8:15
p.m.; 25o. 299 Hyde.cor.Eddy; phone Hyde 2564
A-Mrs. Dr. Farnham, spiritual medium and
life reader; mining a specialty; dr. Sun., Wed.
and Frl. evenings. 1038 Market at. -
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance, bua, medium;
life reader; medical, clairvoyant; alttlnga, $1;
letter. 12, 1184 O'Farrell St.; Ellis car.
FRISK; proof, ladtea, boforo beginning, develop
your medlumlstlo trifts; guarant. full names;
90 days. 724 Post at,; Franklin on door. "
MRS.' HUDBAnD, 103 Oak St.; circles Tuesday
and Friday, 8 p. m.; Wednesday ladles, 8:30
p. ro., 10c; readings dally. 60o.
BARL1D. Independent slate writer; 328 Kills; tel.
Folk 1601; seance Tuea. and Thurs., 8 p. m.
FRIENDSHIP Hall. MS McAllister-Mrs. C. J.
Meyer; sittings dally; test to all to-night. lOo.
~ CLAIttVOYANTS.
¦innrju ji. uii' I-. i. - -. . .1 jjj-fuJ.L-jTJiv.i
ALWAYS roNSULTJTHlO DKST.
MnS. .DH. CLARK, * . .
The well-known trance medium, 1306 Market st.
Are you In trouble? '
Dad health, business worry, family dlfflaultlea,
legal compllcatlona or undue evil Influence!?
Mra. Clark will help you. She dealt with life
and Its practical bearings, and many are they
who rtae to call her name "bleased. Her enor-
mous and varied experience for years ot study
and travel, and above all her marvelous power
of knowing all things at a glance, make her
advice Invaluable. Tht most complicated dis-
ease business entanglement or business dim-
oulty Is Instantly perceived* and the remedy
suggested. There la no < i«<» too difficult fer her
to handle, aa thousands can testify. ( .
Life In all Ua viuioua phaaea ahe haa made
her one study.
The cause ot failure, the road to suocesa, de-
nominate conditions and rise above all evils of
whatever kind she naa maatered.
No man or woman need remain under the
cloud. There la alwaya a way out. Bht will
discover It and help you. ...... .......
Read Her Circular.
Sent fret on application with 2-cant atamp,
and learn more about the lawa of lift and her
own peculiar and wonderful powers than you
have ever known,
She Gtvea Advice on Duatneaa,
Bpocutation, etocka, Inveatmenta, law, eto. She
will tell you what trade, buitnent or profession
you art adapted for. Tells you when and whom
you will marry and how to mak* It a peaoeable
and happy union. Has your lover deceived you?
Or are >'<>u In trouble? You can be aided and all
ran be made right. Family love and, In fact,
all domestlo trouble! of publlo or private nature
can be mndo right and kept right after a visit
to thla Inspired medium of modern times.
Removes evil Influencta.
She never fulls to unite th«
Separated by proper advice. •
7/ca.rn the aecret power to control.
Have you ever noticed how aotpe people are
lucky, nappy and prosperoua In life, whllo
othera merely exist and are Just aa miserably
unhappy? Why la this? Can you answer 7 Ask
nor and she will tell you why. Mrs. Clark has
devoted ten years of her life to the study of
clairvoyance.
Mra. Clark haa been located In this ctty for
several ycara and la not compelled to aeek other
localities.
! She Has Stood the Test and Is Here to Stay.
Call and test the doctor to your heart'a eon-
tent and you will deport thoroughly satisfied
that there Is at least one reliable medium .and
clairvoyant now in your midst. Nothing In Ufa
Is too obscure for Mrs. Dr. Clark to reveal.
If you have lost faith and given up In despair
because of former failure, takte courage now
and call on Mrs. Dr. Clark without delay. Con-
viction will be sure and happiness and auccesa
will follow.
Alwaya Consult the Dest,
Perfect satisfaction guaranteed by matt. Send
stamp for circular and special terms. All bust-
ness sacred and confidential. Sickness, losses,
deaths, etc., will be omitted from- your reading
at your request; otherwise everything, good and
bad, will be given.
• MRa DR. F. CLARK,
1206 Market Bt.
Parlors 25 and 26; take elevator. Ofllce hours—
¦ 10 a. m. to 5 p. m. daily.
MRB. DR. F. CLARK, the well-known trance
medium, la permanently located at 1206 Mar-
ket at., corner Golden Gate ave., rooma 25 and
26: take elevator. Perfect satisfaction guar-
. anteed by mall; aend Btamp for pamphlet
• with special terms. Dally and Sunday. -
MMK. ARNDT. the great clairvoyant, tells past,
future; never falls; has the greatest Egyptian
aecret; ahowa picture future husband or wife;
fee 25a and up; aatlaf action to everybody; open
Sundays; houra 10 to 8 p. m. 215V4 Blxth at.
ISMAR, the Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant and
palmlat, permanently located 1148 Market, op-
poatte Blxth; private readings daily, 10 a. m.
to 6 p. in. Sundays from 10 to 13 a. m.
Bee my large ad on page 15.
A-LINCOLN, CLAIRVOYANT,
HIGH PSTCHIST.
The moat wonderful clairvoyant on the coaat;
' he aucceeds when othera fall; permanently lo-
cated at 126 Turk st. ; readings by mall.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant. & card
reader, born with double veil— second sight;
diagnoses disease with life reading; ladles 60oj
gents $1; palm, and clalr. sit. $1 50. 126 Turk.
PROF. JOHN J. HULTHISN, clairvoyant,
palmtat and card render; reveals past, present
and future; BOc' 1007V. Market st,,near Sixth.
MISS ZISMDAR, young glftml clalr. and imlin,;
she lias pneond sight; a wonderful prophetens;
names given; L. 00o, G, $1, 1070 Mkt,, cor, 7th,
KNOW your fatn, MM13. 'RICHARDS, nstro-
loglcal palmist, reader of human destiny;
never falls; 25o A too; t.y mull, 60o. 1203 Mlssn.
ITOBB, ladles, morning, Bnptamber; free teat
readings, future events and questions; absa<
, lutwly free. 724 Post; open 10 to «, Franklin,
MMJfl. LAItriflR, twit Clairvoyant, card render"
Oermnn spoken j g5o up, 777V4M«rUet itt., mum IS.
MHB, JlUOWN, clairvoyant, PRriireiiderj YndleiJ
2S«; genls f.0oi*r«ni1lnga dully, 132 HUlh at,
MMW, WA~LTKHR7 great card render';' I»rile'a2.inj
Bi'iita 60o. P51 M Union, nr. 6th; optm Buiidaya.
MM10. CATHKniNTslir3AN~«p|«»ntlflo,llfe and
ca.nl rentier. 089 Howard »t,, cor, flth; offlea g;».
CLAIRVOYANT rard reader from Louisiana;
only IQn; from 1 to 8, 262 Minna Bt., nr. I'uurih,
MItB. M15LVILL,wfl!l. known nlalrvoynnt, wM«r
reader. It flthiUnrnmn mtokPniUUiewHrii 18)H,
M, WII.M1, crystal neer, elntrvnyiwt, medium:
alttlnga, B a. m. to 8 p. in,, M)o, V <128A Bills.
MTtft. Dr. Vaieon, Kt.3 Mnrket at,, nr, ititu
clairvoyant, palmist, bus, msfllum; ftdvloc,
MMflJ. AUOTJIT, elalrvoynnt, reniinritinintlatryT
truth or.no payi tSo, imj Mlsslan, over store.
DUSINRSB CHANCES— Continued.
A BAN FRANCISCO bualneaa • company haa
deolded.to enlarge Ita plant beyond original
llmlta, and often a limited amount ot Its
stock to aubBcrtbera, We know thla to bo a
rare chance for Investors, aa tha buslneaa is
sure to pay to to 80 ptr cent ptr annum. Aik
about It at onct If you would make quick
money. TUB AMERICAN GUARANTY *
THUS." CO., IIP Pa.fl Ptpoilt building.
A-Bwouja parting with your good money for
a hotel, lodging.house, cigar stand, . groocry,
saloon, poultry ranoh or any buatneaa it will
certainly pay you to procure a oopy ot the
"Uuyeri 1 Qulda," which exnlatm fully Juwt
how to ImviiiUMi enoli and every, builntti
befort paying out your hardearned eathi eoin«
piled by a man ot wM« •xperienct; It may
nave you hundredi ot dollarai price II by mail,
Addresa U, LKituY, 6U Ifiddy St., Han l'Yau.
CllOO,
TO tha right imitiPB- a retular inaei to roomi
on Washington st.| furnished or unfurnished.
liooo— A nlet well-paying candy businesa on
mala street,
OEOnOR W, AUSTIN A CO,,
1001 l_»roadway, Oakland.
RBLIABLQ party from Central America, thor*
oughly understanding cultivation of rubber,
wants to meet two or three parlies with view
ot starting plantation; can bring to produc-
tion large plantation with small capital; thli
Is a rare chance and will bear investigation.
Address Pox 4M3, Call office.
FOR HALU- Printing establishment; well
equipped; business over $000 In August; plenty
work In; long established; central location;
low rent; $1000: half cash, balance easy: owner
has other business. Address owner, Box 670,
Call office.
WANTED— A gentleman with $1000 to Invest
In a business that will net large returns:
this Is an opening seldom offered and will
stand Investigating. Paclfla Coast Patents
. Kxchange. 318-320 Parrott building.
$300— GENERAL blackrmlthlng shop, close to
Market St.; cheap rent; right party can clear
1$ to $10 per day; owner engaged In oil bust'
ness: a snap; Investigate Immediately; owner
will bo In city Mon. and Tuea. Uox 603. Call.
SMALL, amount of money to Invest In stock In
a new steam laundry that will be running In
t weeka; this Is a gilt-edge chance for man or
woman; shareholders get choice of positions.
BualnesB Board of Trade, S2g Pine at. .
FOR aale— One of the bent saloons In Vallejo.
with 12 newly furnished rooms: price $1800,
with itock, For particulars call at Vallejo
Express Offlce. Ml Market St., San Fran-
clBCo, 1 to t o'clock p. m.
WANTED— Good business partner with capital
In a new manufacturing enterprise; an ar-
ticle of high merit; a big money making prop-
OBltlon; call and Investigate. 236 Valencia st.
tXO-SACRIFICED; pleasant, lucrative bual-
nesB for reflned lady or gentleman; strictly
legitimate; netting handsome Income; party
obliged to go Kast. Address box 3417. Call.
ISOO-PAUTNER wanted; light bUBlness; sultod
to plain steady man satlsfled 'with $18 to |25
a week; no experience required: trial given.
Western Investment Co., 26 Qeary st.
A— IIUSY cigar stand; centrally located; ele-
gant fixtures; neta $100 monthly! will be aold
$476; aoct. slclt, Hedges Bros., 410 Parrott bid.
MAN and wife, business people, who command
$1000, can nnd splendid opening tn prontable
business. For Interview address box 611, Call.
WANTKD-Laiiy of beat (uldrens, age 2S to IS,
to Invert 11000 In business which nets from
$U,0 to $250 per month. Box 671. Cull offlce,
CANDY buatness, complete, store, parlor and
factory; county seat near H, i«\; Invited to
Investigate; no CBtrits. Box 4D6, Call,
UNINCTJMHKHKD lady partner for offlce; big
returna; small capital required. P. O. Box
M2, Oakland. '
AN oyster house; theater district; snap; $(00;
good Inootnt; owner leaving city, Uox 064,
Call offlce. i
WIXDOW and half stors to let for milliner, or
hair dresser; ladles' trade eatabltahed, 106
Fourth st.
PAUTN1C11 wanted; wholesale buslneaa ship-
ping dally to 10 Blates A B. O. Uox IU. Call.
IJCO-i/AUNlMlY route; rood borse and wagon;
full lnvestl8atlon._Apply 1 p. m,. 8372 Mission.
COAL yard; flno watfona, eta: est. II yrs.J also
horse, buggy and harness; cheap. Hi Fulton.
FOR ¦a 1 «~ n »» t>urmnt ' A PP )y ** * Prumm at.
YOU salt or exchange— Good country hotel;
well located. Owner, box G13, Call office.
ISr.0-VAM13TY etore In Alam#da clearing $60
a month. Address 8. J., box 186, Call.
BRANCH bakery and t variety store; a bar-
gain, 2700 Mission at, no agents,
A IJRANCII bakery' for sale. 1601 Mason at.,
corner Vallejo.
AN Income ot $1000 per yesr can be socured by
any ont who will take the trouble to Invet-
tlgate our plana; no gold mine, oil well or
gambling echeme; elmple, straightforward
business proposition. The Junlap* Co., 616-
G21 Fullerton bldg., Ht. Louis, Mu,
roll sale— Candy nnd let cream parlor; flne
stand; eatabllahed 3 yeara; thla ta a good pay-
ing Investment. SMITH'S Candy Kitchen,
1»4 FoUom St.. near Twelfth.
WANTICD-Partner with a capital of about
$2000 to embark In manufacturing business for
articles of universal use. Address box 874,
Call offlce.
CIGAR stand to rent, 819. cor. Third and
Townacnd, opp. railroad depot. C. SH1CA.
$300' AND $300— Fine opportunity to invest In
established blackslmth business; price In each
case covers Block, tools and good-will. Ad-
dress box 283, Call offlce.
$000— CHI2AP restaurant and lodging-house; 145
beds: eHtabllHhed 4 years; monthly receipts
over $500. Call room 6, 1430 Market Bt.
DAIRY route, 21 cows, complete, tn operation,
FHBD ROHRKR, P. O. box, Trestla Glen,
Eoat Oakland.
FinST-CLARS restaurant: 13 rooms; 16 beds;
always full:revory convenience: must sell;
111 health. MISS M. HICATH, Belvedere, Cal.
A— CIGAR stand; flno location; rent only $15;
monthly sales $450: owner getting old; will sell
cheap. IIBUGKB HROH.. 410 Parrott building.
A BUSINESS chance of a lifetime; hotel mak-
ing money for a small money Investment.
Cyll 20 Montgomery at. ¦
WANTED- A paying barber shop for cash;
no other need answer. Box 432, Call offlce.
SALOON for sale cheap; must be aold this
• week; good location; cheap rent. Inquire
120C Market Bt., ;oomi 9-10.
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE). -..
$250— FLAT, 7 rooms and bath; worth $C00; muat
sell. DECKER, 1020 Market at.
20-ROOM house; clears $100 $1400
88 rooms; worth $2800 1600
10 rooma; very good 400
• 32 rooms; corner 600
ANY HOUSE IN THE CITY SOLD ON
PAYMENTS.
10-room house; flne location , 425
• 14-room house; good transient.. COO
24 rooma; on Geary at 1900
100 rooma; cleara $360; payments to ault... 6000
16 rooma; transient; only $400 caah 7E0
6-room flat; flne corner .' 800
86 rooma; on Market at 1900
10 rooma; north of Market at 4E0
42 rooms; cleara every month $300 1600
8 rooms; flat near Ctty Hall 425
15 rooms; flne corner; clears $80 600
8 rooms; good piano; muet sell...,.....,., 426
48 rooma; hotel and bar 1600
18 rooma; on Blxth at.: cleara $80 800
24 rooma; on Market at.: cleara $l&0 1600
18 rooms; corner; Just like home ,.,,., 1500
10 rooms; on Mason St.; new ,, 7(0
32 rooms; offlce/i; clears $250 S&OO
£1 rooms; $600 cash, balance payments..'.. 13C0
FRENCH AND GERMAN SPOKKN.
H. O. DECKER, 1020 Market; tel. Mint 796.
MARION GRIFFIN, 719 Market, nr. Call bldg.
I have 4 salesmen; money to loan; long lint.
9 rms.; rent $20; good furniture: N. Mkt.. $350
18 rma,; rent 160; good corner house 1000
40 rma.; flno hair mattreaaea; cleara $96 mo 2600
20 rma.; rent $80; Income $198; .central.... 1500
28 rmi.j fine; respectable- location; cleara
$77 month; I will lend' $700 on thla house 1500
14 rms.; boardlng-houae; clears $G5 month. ,
12 nnH.; rent $00; Income $110; nice; quiet.
80 rma.; corner; rent |C0; a bargain; anap 450
100 rma.; $10.00d: $0000 and. 7000
60 rms.; family hotel; clears $375 month... 6500
84 rms.; rent $4lt; cleara $80 month 750
Office open 8 a. ro, to 6 p. m,
11 nOOMB; rent $35; muat be nold $400
13 rooma; cholos location; rent only $40.. 4S0
7 rooms; nicely furn,; good home ' 375
10 rooms; K»od fur,, carpets; Bush st,.., 800
45 rooms; flne sunny corner; central,,;, 3700
100 r, i Una location; good money maker., 0000
12 rooma; newly renovated; flne; sunny.. 1200
17 rooms; rent $70; a money maker r.'.'.o
S3 rooms; cor'ner: good transient: clean,, 1500
19 rooms; something good; see It,.,,,,,, 2,*.mii
Hi rooms) elegant; ana of tha best...,,,,. HQOO
JMHKKH7 rooms; Hills; clears isno over all.
$650—14 rooms; O'Farrell; rent $45; bargain. '
We furnish fill the money you need,
PONALn 1NVI5HTMKNT CO., 8IS0 Market at,
MoTJHWra * CO., 10ia Market at,, opp, Fifth.
XO.rnom house. $3f,fi; 6>room house, |12R; 10<
ii.'ijn house, 8150; 10-rnom house on ISddy at.,
SAfiOl li-rmiin liiiiiMn, '»il',0; 30-rooin lintisn, Ittoio;
f I •infill house, |1250; halt cash, tialanco to
mill tlia tniyer. ¦ - - ¦ ,
THIS largest and best list of lodglng.housei
and hotela ean r>e found at office of. ,j
O. W. IJi'llWIHINIIAUli, phona Mint 1911,
017 Market at., near Fifth.
Foil HAL1 1 ?-20J Mnprtmi Kt,, It roomi fiiriiUhr.1i
light and airy; a bargain. -
EMPLOYMENT WASTED— MALE.
GARDENER, flrat-elasa. alngie. oC Ions ex-
perience In landscape gardening, growing of ,
flowers and greenhouse work, wiahea a altuy
atlon on a private place. Ilox 450, Call office.
RESPECTABLE colored man, lately from Aua.
tralla, wtahea a altuatton aa Janitor or porter.
JA8. HEADLEY. 137 geoond at., city.
BLACKSMITH wants work on mine; 10 ysari'
experience: good hand about iteel. Address
m N. P^ WINTER. WO I Howard at.
COOK— A' middle-aged man who Is a plain eool«
would like to get a plage to da plain cooklngi
moderate wages. Address Coo*. M Howard.
OOOD experienced Japanese oouplo want pom|.
tlona aa eook, waiter or houeawork. Call at
133 Bddy at.
CltASSiriRD advertlsementa and luhacrtptlont
received at Call branch offloe. 1300 FUlmoTt at.
A BRANCH effle* tor Call advertlaemtnta ant
aubaerlptlona haa beea eetabUaae4 at wve
Valenefa at.
HXCHANOB.
ron eteh«n«*-A beautiful hornt tn laa J*oa«
for Ineome tan PraneUea property i pUre
eentatne about I acr*s f\ill>b«artn« ercnAM,
all varieties frulti an elegant i-room hnum*
with large baaem*nt: flne welt, windmill nnt
tank I flowen and lawni modern Improve,
menta: worthy InveatUatlnni good Income
property. Address box 159. Call office.
riNA.NCIAlH
COMPANIES promoted and financed; stock
taken In payment for services; good mining
and Induatrtal propositions wanted; golit
bonda furntnhed. 1'ACIKIO HTATES MIN1NU
AND INVESTMENT CO.. 328 Post st.
PACIFIC Coast Underwriting Co. (ineO-W*
hava 41 otflcei In operation; new method ot
placing atocka and bonda; compantea lncor.
porated: etocke and bonds underwritten. Call
or address main office. 607-l-a Parrott bldg.
FLATS TO LET.
LOWER and upper flats, I large rooms an.l
bath, 4 beautiful rooma In attic; elegant
grounds; keeping no expense to tenants; com-
pleted Sept. 23; large bay window In every
room: NW. cor. Portola and Duboce Pails,
off Waller, bet Pierce and Stelner. \
EDDY, 954, bet. Pr&nkltn and Oough— Flat:
9 rooms, bath and separate toilet; parlor,
dtnlng-room and hall ceilings frescoed; sun
all day.
COLK, 773-775, bet. Beulah and Frederick ata,—
Fine new aunny flats. 7 rooms and bath:
rent reasonable. * *
UPPER flat. 1915 Filbert at., near Laguna; i
rooma, bath and washrcom; sunny; gat; eel*
lar and garden; rent 115. Apply on premises^
337 60— MODERN, desirable fiat ot 7 rooma.
bath, attic and basement. 1CS Green st..
near Van Ness ave.
FLAT, 4 rooms; new plumbing; rery sunny:
reasonable rental. 2108H Baker st. or TllR
PHKLPH-LEWI3 CO.. 702 Market: teU Bush.
Fl^AT of 4 rooms; hot and cold water and gaa;
312. 124 Gilbert at., between Townsend and
Brnnnan.
A— TWO brand new, 8 rooma; porcelain bath.
411 Hermann at., near Webater.
UPPER flat, 6 aunny front rooma and bat hi
rent |1>. BW. corner Geary and Wood ata.
A— NEW sunny i rooms: porcelain bath. 1UJ\
Qreen at., near Van Ne»< ave.
LOWER flat to l»t of t room*, bath, porch
and basement. IU Cherry, nr. Sacramento.
M0DEHN 6- room flat to let, I3U Fiftieth
at, | rent 111.
NEW upp«r sunny modern flat ot I rooms an4
bath. »75 Golden Oate ave.; no children.
O'FARRELL, I!t33-Modern flat, I rooma, bath,
basement, yard; reasonable to good tenant.
HimADlcrt, 7:<l-Kl«gant modern upper flat of
t rooms and balh, LYON A IIOAO.
SUNNY modern downtown flat; rent reasonable.
Apply DAKIN. 104 Hutter st.
UNION, 1CS4, near Van Net*— New flat of ats
rooms and storeroom and yard. 331. .•
WALLER. 204-5 rooms, bath; modern. PAT«
TERBOft ft CO,. 11 City Hall iquart,
PLATS TO LIST— FtmXlSn-P.
BUNNY flat of l/rooms, nlgely furnished; very
reaaonable. 713 Fulton at.
FLATS WANTED.
FURNISHED flat or 4 or 6 rooma: reaaonablei
near City Hall. Box 113. Call offlo.
FRAMES AND IMCTUHES.
CLYDE L. KELLER. 12S-130 Hayes. nr.V. Ness-.
Stylish effects; High-grade work; Lowest prloes.
FunxiTunu fop, salb.
FOR BALE— One *i bedstead with woven wtre>
and hair mattress; trunks, cheats, two lamps,
vallte, refrigerator and blankets. Apply Mon*
day. Tuesday and Wedneaday. 857 Minna at.
117 60— SOLID oak bedroom aet; plate mirror.
II— Solid oak chair; factory price.
h- Enamel beda, all atsea. Tel. rotsom 13:t.
Hearey's Credit House, 1429 Mission, nr. 10th.
« ROOMS furnished In oak. |4S V>, with No. 7
range. King Furniture Co.. 1137-1131 Market.
NEW furniture of upper 5-room flat for salt|
flat for rent. 122 »0. 1257 California st.
CARPEVT8 and furniture for oiil* aad house tor
rent. 433 Fair Oaks st.
four- nob m flat complete at a bargain. 621
Franklin st.
FURNITCIl£l "W ANTED.
CAL. Auction Co.. 1462 Market— Buys furniture,!
merchandise, etc.; phone Jeaale 2071.
A. L. 8TORRS, 130 Golden Gate av». ; tel. Jeaatai
1464; highest price paid for furniture, carpets.
Auctioneer; W. P. Beauchamp. 2 Oolden Oat*
ave.; tel. Jessie 126; furniture, mdae.. bought.
TEL. Jeaale 761 before aelltng furniture, car-
peta. pianos, etc. CHAB. LEVY. 1133 Market.
A. WOLLPERT. 773 Mission st. pays highest
price for second-hand furniture; tel. Red 1334."
GLOVES. — -—
D. A F. new %\ glove, retailed at faotory price;
warranted: kept In repair. 121 Grant ave.
HELP WANTED FEMALE.
AT C 'l£ HANSEN A CO.'S....Phone Orant'lM
Waitress, Bakersfleld us
Waitress, Marysvllle 120
Waltresa, Napa $2<j
Waitress. Orovltl» j:>
Waltresa, Latbrop $30
10 waitresses, city |:o-$:i
Laundress, country hotel }:•>
2 chambermaids to wait, ctty 33)
FAMILY DEPARTMENT
Cooka and houseglrls, second girls, nursegtrla
can secure positions in thla department by .
calling on
O. R. HANSEN A CO KH Geary at.
WANTED— 3 cookl no wash, |35; Swedish
second girl, $23, 3' In family; t tartar maids
and w&Ttreaaea, |23; houaeglrl, 1 In family.
S2S, San Rafael; laundreaa and chambermaid.
133, private family: nurae. $26; I second girls,
$3O-$2S; cook, small hotel. $40, country; laun-
dress. Institution, $30; 10 hotel waitresses, $20«
$23, city and mining towns. J. F. CROSET'C
A CO.. 316 Butter at.
MISS 1IORGAN. 323 Butter at.
Girl for Alameda ............$:s
Cook, city, 130; 3 second girls 123
20 housework gtrls |;.-,
> cooka, Alamada and Frultvaie $30
6 cooke and 4 aecond gtrla $;j and izt
I nursegirla. $20; 4 waitresses $20
Chambermaid. $11; 13 houseglrls.. ..$13 and $»0
LADY tn each county for branch of flee work:
no canvassing; straight, bona fide salary paid
each Tuesday with all expenses direct front*
headquarters: permanent position; money ad-
vanced for expenaee; no capttat required ex-
cept good referencea; Incloae aelf-addressed.
. atamped envelope. Manager, 137 Caxton
building. Chicago.
SO OPERATORS on ladlea' underwear In fac-
tory. I. MAGNIN A CO.. 661 Mtastoa St.,
fourth floor. Apply Tueeday, morning.
ORPHAN girl or middle-aged lady to help do
housework on a ranch; no objection to a
woman and child; will be treated as one ot
the family. Addreaa box 49t)4. Cal I office.
LIMITED number ladles tn learn photngraphlo
negative retouching; position* when qualified,
|U to 11} per week; instruction and position
secured, Apply Itetouchtng School, tOu Mar»
ket at., 10 a. m. ta 4 p. m.
WANTED— A competent young lady stenog-
rapher and (Remington) typewriter; neat an<t
sonia office experience, Ad'lreaa In own hand-
writing, stilting salary, ate., bo* -ui, Call
Offlce, Oakland,
WANTBD— Neat German girl, not over 1«, as
companion ami to assist with light house-
work; a good home to right party, AiMresn
ho* «!!!>, Cull efflfift
A FAMILY of 2 adults and S-ysar-alt1 ehll.t
wnnt a neat, steady girl. German preferred,
fer light housework ami assist with child;
wsgM IU. Unit «». £5'lj f !*£•,__
\VANTJir>-A competent girl for upstairs work
and to watt at table for small family; state
nationality and furnish references. Address
box 600, Call office,
LAD1KH to tin piecework At hnmtj w# furnish.'
materials and pay 17 to IU weekly. lltYv;*
stsmped envelope Royal Co., 14 Mgnroe si.
Chicago.THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 22, 1901.
29
_HKH» WASTBP — KCMAI.lt— Con.
INTELLIGENT, trustworthy woman, over A
25, tiy wholesale house; no bookkeeping or
stenography. Box CIO, Call office.
OPERATORS wanted to take work home. T ¦
MAUNJN & CO.. C.'.O Mlnslon et., fourth
floor. Apply Tuesday morning.
WANTED— First-class eklrt, waist and coat
makers; also helpers. Apply from 12 to 6 at
-SOP Geary st.
GIRL: general housework and plain cooking*
family 3 adults; small flat; $20; references
2340 Pine at., corner Btelner.
MIDDLE-AGED woman for general house-
work, cooking: one in need of home preferred;
$10. 1-Tuit More. Kulsoin and Twenty-fifth.
WANT1CI>— Mliidle-agfd woman for general
housework; isaod wagfx; Ocean Beach, next
door to the shooting nailery; car fatv paid.
WANTED-'-Firat-claM cook Tor family of 2;
mum rurnlnh reference*; tiun- nationality; 2
in help. Addrens box 4H9, Call office. -V
KXIMJIUUNCIII) hands on Indies' «l|k~and wool
waists; good pay: Heady work. Ban Francisco
Mfg. Co.. ISS Market »t.
COMPETENT young woman to assist In house,
work and tare of Uby; food home to right
l*rty. <*p!1 jut? Ping at., evenings.
tJ<Kjl> «'(]-i|H'«"U<ir and en« npprentleo on
ii.. in in. nt weekly; i» 'tiiiutu-iit liuRltlon. Oox
an, <*uii cfflci*.
KM'KUlHNVKi) oj>fi_ton on muslin und>t-
fmri «l»u Ir-nrnem: |>_ld while learnlnu. U.
\\. IUS> NQLtn*. W Ml»*li>n. cot-hit 8<»eond.
LAl)ii:n to Irarn millinery; school established
12 >'c_r»; pupil* nttrd for ro*ltlon«; 8 weeks;
rtf>, glvrnj __i_crm> n*y. lOOo Van Kcm »v*.
IVAMT--ft Will llMl alteration hands. Ai>-
|.<1>- •! ii<-*,!. ,y at • a. m. LIVINGSTON*
imog., in jvm _t.
<>1UL£ to Irani trnde; steady rmployment. Ap-
ply Tursday. 1J. BLUM15NTHAL St CO.,
?& and £7 Hattrry rt.
LM>li:s wishing pleasant and profitable local
nr travFlln* r>of=itlnns rail at 328 O'Farrell *t.
MRP. M. 13. ROGERS.
WANTED— A neat you nit woman for treneral
houaework and conking; In family of 3 adults;
Ji'ifa *15; flat. Call at r.03 I>eviMidero et.
NEAT younc woman or cldrrly lady to do
Mght housework. Call Sunday after 1 p. m.,
Stevenson ft. '
COMPETENT young woman to assist In house-
work and care of baby; good home to right
Tarty. Call 2S27 Pine Ft. evenings.
GIRL v.-anted; good cook and general house-
work in tamlly of two. Apply SJO Cddy et. ;
Sood -wajT's. •
¦WANTED— A girl to assist with general house-
work. 710 Hyde bt. .
WANTED — A girl for cooking and housework*
1710 Geary St., near 'U'ebeter.
EXPERIENCED girl wanted in spice factory
to lab«l and wrap. Bo_ T'J?, Call offlce. ',
YOUNG (rirl to assist with general housework;
small family: good wages. 19 Scott Et.
OPERATQKS and apprentices on braiding ma-
chines. 121 Post St.. room 31.
DRESSMAKER help; also apprentice wanted.
1207 '4 Busih Ft.
GIRLS wanted to wrap chewing gum. Apply
27 Main st.
WANTED — Competent, experienced stenogra-
pher and typewriter. Address box 673. Call.
WANTED— Paper box maker. Inquire The
Stuparich Mig. Co.. V.I and 147 Frement _t.
CHAMBERMAID for email hotel. SE. corner
Cenlr&l ave. and Sutter et.
YOUNG sir! to learn to be a medium; willing
to travel when taujrht. Box Ct3. Call offlce.
GIRLS wanted for higrh-claca factory work.
Ap^ly at CS6 B*ttery «>t-
WANTED— Young girl to assist with light
houstwork. 3_0<J Ellis tt.
HOUSEKEEPER wanted in family of S. Box
STI. C-ll office.
WANTED— Experienced talcs'.adle6. Apply at
HALE BROS,' bPtween 8 and 11 a. m.
1'ANTS finisher wanted. ":_!_ Stevenson St..
between Third and Fourth.
TWO pianists to play fof lessons. Hoover
University of Physical Culture. 13?7 Market.
DRESSMAKER— A firrt-claea one at S14A Sut-
ler et.
WAXTED— Young ladies to train for nurses.
Apply between 6 and 7 p. m.. 1C03 Jackson.
TOl'KO rirl for dre^emaklng. 123S Market St.,
rocm S3.
OPERATORS en overalls at Levl Strauss &
Co.'s factory. Zi'.i Fremont et. : pood ~ ares;
do experience necessary. Apply to MR.
DAVIS.
$25 TO $25 r"»r we^k cuaranterd; 5 ladles and
S gentlemen; theatrical sketch: no previous
experience necersary. Caldwll College of Ora-
tor}' and Acting. Hoover Hall. 1327 Market «t.
A LADY -of h.-omitable energy, possessed of
eelf -assertion; cood opi>ortunlty to right par-
ty. F. PERSON, room 412. Parrott building.
"WANTED— Young lady who is an experienced
pattern saleslady. Apply at HALE BROS.'
before 11 a. rn.
yOXTNO lo<1v «x«x»rlenced in taking orders In
tailor Kowna and acquainted with the fine
trade, ltox 377, Ca^l^
"WANTED— Neat girl for general housework
and plain cooklne: I in family; wages tlS.
Apply <119 Twentieth St.. near Castro.
KXITRIENf'ED tallorcra; al*o a buttonhole
maker wanted. A. KAHK. 1« Geary sL _
CHAMBERMAID wanted at the Manhattan
House. >Ci Hattcry st.
GIRL lor second work: good sewer; JI5. Call
736 nallroad ave.. Alam-da.
OPERATORS and riveter* on overalls.
HEYNEMANN & CO., 410 Mission tt .
AP/'RENTICK to learn operating; on pants.
213*_ Stevenson St.. bft. Third and Fourth.
' yiVE -living glove makers and apprentices.
< 'arson Glove Co.. 35 Market et. *
OPERATORS on overall*. 9 Hill St.. off Va-
lencia, bet. Twenty-first and Twenty-second.
TAILORESS; good hand on coats. 100314
Broadway, room 19. Oakland.
GIRLS to wrap chowinjt (rum. Apply Newton
Gum Company. Peoond end Folsom ets.
GIRI* for plain rooking and afisist with light
housework. S2ys Twentieth st.
KXPERIEXCED operate:-: on fancy and neg-
ligee f-hlrtu, also a few bright girls about 16
vears of age for instruction; paid while learn-
ing. Standard Shirt Factory, cor. Gough ani
Grove ets. .
HAIRDRESSING, dyeing, bleaching, massase.
manicuring taught Jn 2 weeks for J5; employ-
ment guaranteed. College. 1« Stockton, r. 15.
A WOMAN for light houF»~ork and cooking.
S118 Baker St., corner Jackson.
WAKTED-Womta lor llgbt worlc on Zrult.
I7S1 Folsom rt. .
S, OLASEIFTED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce. ?200 Flllmore St.
HELP WAKTBU MAL_T
AT C. H. EULNBEN & CO.'S 104 Geary st.
To-day (Sunday)
To-day (Sunday) '
To-da;- (Sunday)
Pa_!'rcad work Railroad work
Free fare » Free fare
FOR UKIAH
100 teamsters tt a day
100 laborers - *2 a day
FOR TIIUCKEE
E0 masons' helpfrs and laborers
I $1 75 to ti a day
" ;;; for nevada
100 tea— .fters and laborers 12 a day
._..; FOR SANTA FE SYSTEM
sn laborers, eection work $1 71 a day
Free fare Ship to-day Free fare
5 carpenters, railroad work, $3 a day, board
$4 H) a week, free fare, ehlp to-day.
. c. R. HANSEN & CO 104 Geary st-
AT THE CAL. EMPLOYMENT AGENCY,
£.» Third tt., nr. Call bldg.; phone Bush 405.
RAILROAD LABORERS
BAMTA FE It R FRESNO DIVISION
I'KIAII UKIAH
UKIAH ..... rnrn _ AnE
fiTtc-meters for Uklah. ...U to tt 2fi per day
Milker. tmU city $30 per month
t-'a'lors nnd deckhands for coast, Mexico, Hon-
olulu Australia and Japan S40 per month
4 carpenter*, big electric company
J3 to $3 SO per day. 4 to 6 months" work
OairVp cook, near city $25 per month
4<> fruit pickers at once
JOURNEYMEN Barbers* International Union—
—-re employment. 927 Market et.. room »7.
j_ LESS, necretary: telephone Jessie 1I7J.
CANVASSERS wanted; "Life and Distinguished
Ken-ices of Wm. McKlnley," byMuratHalsted.
Chauncey Di-pew, C. H. Grosvenor. A. J. Munscn
•nd others; big book.CCO pages; profusely lllus.;
art tm-morlal edition; only fl; lowest In price;
best Btller; bi_ge*t commissions; inclose five
2-cent etamps for postage on free outfit.
Standard Pub. Hoube, Depart. D. Chicago.
MANAGER— Faithful, energetic man to man-
«_e branch this city. Bent references given
end expected. Old established house doing
large Increasing business. Must furnish 11200
rath, be willing make permanent engagement.
Halary t-* ;i " > 1Hr an(1 chance advancement.
Superintendent, Bo- Ml, N«w Haven. Conn.
>' GOOD toy wanted; permanent position with
' nriiortunlty to learn buslnee*; references re-
' quired. Address Uo» tl5, Call offlce.
V. AKii.lJ-A responsible man to drive laundry
wkti-n. \iu* ffl, Call offlca.
UEAL ESTATE — CITY — FOR SALS.
G. H. UMBSEN & CO..
'• 14 Montgomery st.
AUCTION
AUCTION
AUCTION
AUCTION
AUCTION
AUCTION
At our Salesroom. MONDAY. September 80.
. 1901. at 12 o'clock noon.
REFEREE SALE. . . i
S28 Capp St., near 23d— Cottage of 7 rooms and
bath; large grounds; rent $17 £0 per month; lot
35xl2J:t>; subject to confirmation by court.
J. PICHON ESTATE.
Executor .Sale.
NW. cor. McAllister and Webster sts.— This
choice corner would pay handsomely If prop-
erly covered with stores and flats; present Im-
provements belonc to .tenant; ground' renfe $30
per month; lot 37:6xS5; subject to confirmation
by the court.
JOHN M. CARROLL BSTATE.
Administratrix Sale.
No. I. '
SE.' cor. Harrison and 23d sts.— Desirable
building lot, 26x73.
No. 2.
Harrison st.. east line, south of 23d— Desir-
able building lot, 26x70; subject to confirma-
tion by the court.
WASHINGTON-ST. RESIDENCE.
2408 Washington St., north line, near Web-
ster st.— Choice modern residence of 9 rooms
and bifth: brick foundation; cement walk, etc.;
lot- 25x112:4.
WESTERN ADDITION RESIDENCE.
2006 Uutih st.. north tine, near Lyon st.—
Choice modern residence of 9 rooms and bath:
brick foundation, cement walk, etc.: lot 25x75.
BOUTH SIDE INVESTMENT.
36 A. K. Ci D. Welsh St., north line, near
4th St.— Good substantial improvements consist
of front and rear house, containing 7 tene-
ments ot 3 rooirs eacti: In perfect order; sani-
tary plumbing, etc.: rents $54 per month: lot
SOxSO; mortgnge of $3CC0 at 6 per cent can re-
ma "' TRENTON-ST. INVESTMENT.
IB Trenton st.. between Stockton and Pow-
ell, Washington and Jackson sts.— Improve-
ments consist of 2-story house, leased for $23
per month: tenant makes all repairs; lot 2ix
6; two frontages.
FORECLOSURE SALE.
Market St.. north line, bet. Church and San-
chez sts.— Choice bulldine lot. which will un-
questionably enhance In value; bank mortgage
of $2400 at 6 per cent can remain; lot 25x126,
Irregular.
URIDGET CARROLL ESTATE.
Administrator Sale.
1420 Montgomery st., near Filbert st.— Cot-
tage of 5 rooms; lot 20x16:3; two frontages;
subject to confirmation by the court.
MARY LEAHY ESTATE.
Administrator Sale.
440-442 Harriet tit., off Brannan, near 6th st.—
Two cottages of 3 rooms each; lot 25xT5; sub-
tect to confirmation by the court.
For further particulars apply to
G. H. UMBSEN & CO..
14 Montgomery st.
U500— Large corner, 160x1141 right opposite new
power house ot San Mateo electric line;
'very cheap.
$350— Best corner In Ocean View; corner Broad
and San Jose road; right on electric road.
$200— Fine level lots on East Park St.; each
25x100: well worth $300 each.
$1700— Good tasty cottage of 5 rooms and bath;
Sanchez, near 26th; must be sold at once.
$700— Cheapest lot on Sanchez St.. 25x100; mort-
gage can stand.
McEWEN pROS., 118 Montgomery st.
SANTA FE THE TERMINAL CITY.
AT POINT RICHMOND.
All lots level and ready to build on.
Ptretts f.raded; pure water;iio alkali.
Will bo great manufacturing center.
Between two railroads; also water trans-
portation; near the great plant to b« erected
by Standard Oil ,Co.
_ Lots from $125 up: $10 cash. $5 monthly.
, McEWEN BROS.. H" Montgmery st.
JACOB HEYMAN CO. _ ' ¦
Our G-room house on Twenty-third St., near
Douglas. Heyman Tract, is ready for In-
spection; look at It. J. COTTER. 113 Hoff-.
man ave., is our resident agent.
$S50— 3-room house, $100 down. $10 per month>
$650— 4-room corner cottage; Forty-seventh
ave. and K sts. ; $25 down. $5 per month.
$750— Boulevard lots; fronting the ocean.
Ocean Beach lots, near Ocean House; $1
down, $1 per month, i _
$50— Lots 23x100; Alvin Tract, near Oakland;
$1 down. $1 per month.
JACOB HEYMAN CO.. 117 Sutter St.
AT 259 Frederick st.. near Clayton, on Ash-
bury Heights, elegant home, containing 7
rooms, bath, dressing-room and cedar closet,
laundry and servants' room In basement;
Reception hall, dining-room and staircase
finished In solid oak: this Is an unequaled op-
portunity to secure a beautiful home at a
moderate cost; house was • built for, owner
about two years since; Is In perfect repair and
Is a model of convenience and comfort; fine
lawn and flower garden; lot 25x106: reasons for
sale, owner about to remove permanently from
cltv. Apply on premises, or to FLORIN L.
' JONES, 630 Market st.
$3200^-410 ELIZABETH st.. 7 rooms, bath; lot
$5500— 828 Waller; 0 rooms, bath; lot 25x112.
$2100— N. E. cor. Powell and Chestnut; rents
$1600—7 Chenery: 7 rooms, bath; lot 24x75.
$2100— Lapldgo. bet. 18th and 19th; 7 rooms,
bath: lot 25x85.
PATTERSON & CO.. 11 City Hall square.
WANTED— To purchase a property on Valen-
cia. Mission or Howard sts.. from' 60 to 100
feet frontnge, aa far as 24th st.r Improved or
unimproved. W. J. OUNN. 630 California st.
WANTED— To purchase a property that Is
• bringing In an income to cost from $4500 to
$80nO; In Western Addition or Mission. W. J.
GUNN. 630 California st.
FOR SALE— Elegant new 5-room restdence and
.modern two-flat building on west side of Flll-
more. st,, between Union and Oreen; also
handsome building on Union st., between Fill-
more and Btelner; contains everything; must
he seen tn bo appreciated; prices reasonable.
8. A. BORN, owner and builder.' on premises.
I*OLBOM-«t. liits on $10 monthly paymerts—
. Lai'ftu level lota on Falsr.m st.. near 96th;
griiiletl and towered, cement slilewalks lulil
(tiid from I iitc .Mfctrlu pars; thu bout Miisslun
building \ai* for the nioney.
OSOA.rV HMYMAK. 14 Pmt tt.
MISSION ST- |n'» Vt bwrrajn: >«rm» and »w
¦ najfrntnl«i MM* HAWIn, m M«»rny »!*
A— UUYS. sells or rents gear, machinery, en-
Bine*, boilers, water pipes, shattlng, pulleys.
etc. WHITELAW. 253-S55 Spear st. .
Kin?T-CLASS second-hand modern engines and ;
boilers bought and gold. KROGH MFG. CO..
9-17 Stevenson gt.. near First.
CASH register (Hall wood): brand new; $55;
reduction. Apply II. V. ALLEN, 202 Califor-
nla «t.
NEW or 2d-hand clothing, shoes, tools, metals.
Jewelry bought, sold, exch.; 1 4-H. P.'. Covey:
1 2V4-H.P. Hercules: gasoline eng. 910 Kearny.
FOR Sale— Sealskin, finest quality, $100: cost
$173; used one week; or will trade for dia-
mond; size 38. Box 659, Call offlce.
THOROUGHBRED black . Mlnorcas . and
white Leghorn roosters Tor sale. 333 Fifteenth*
ave., Richmond district. '
FOR SALE— One good Domestic and one White
sewing machine, cheap. Call Sunday and
evenings, 6391. Natoma st.
FINE suits, $10; dress pants. $2 75. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437. Montgomery st.
A— $3 to DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 "5. Pop-
ular Price Hatters, 330 Kearny st.. near Pine.
COCKER spaniel puppies from champion Toot*
slo W by famous Hampton Goldle. 633 Halght.
FOR Sale— Skyterrler pups. Apply 1911 Har-
rison et., bet. Sixteenth and Seventeenth.'
ONE friction hoist drum, b&ndnew; cheap.
H. B. WHITE, 616 Mission st. , ' ¦
LUMBER, fire escape, slates, sashes, doors,
weights, cost and wrought pipe. 61 Sliver st.
FOR SALE— Cheap, a young black mare, sound
and good traveler. ?.3"3 Nineteenth st.
WANTED— Barn for two horses and three rigs.
: Address M... 221 Sixth Bt..- city. .-.,
FOR sale— Horse & phaeton for family or doc-
tor. Call morning at drug store, 1044 Valencia.
GASOLINE engines, all sizes, new & 2d-hand,
and launches. J. E. DOAK. ¦oil Mission st.
SAFES— New and second-hand. THE HER-
MAN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st. . , ¦>
PHOTO bargain list No. 17 now ready for
mailing. 109 Montgomery st.
BAR outllts. showcases; all lengths and sizes.
JACOB SCriWKRDT. 821 Mission St. . .
DIAMONDS, watches, jewelry: cash or Install-
ments. Theoi Fershtand. 126 Kearny. r. 29.
ENGINES and boilers; second-hand, machln-
ery. J. BURKE. 139 Beale st.
FAIRBANKS' 10-ton hay scale; Jeweler's steel-
lined safft, perfect order, .216 California st.
MAGIC lanterns, new ancl'2d-hnnd moving plc-
. tureir. RTTLLARD & BRECK. 131 Post «t.
. j MISCI-ILI/.V.NVPOIJS WANT-.
WANTED-A 7.5 to 15 K..W. generator In good
condition; state make and price. Address
box 795, Call ofilce. . . .
ALL unused stamped bank checks bought; also
documentary stamps, R. Garvey, 1008 Call bid.
WANTED— To purchase large 'fire and burglar
proof safe. Box 659, Call office.
WANTED- Uood »ecqnd?hand cosh register.
Qqx 857,- Call ofnea/ ,. ¦
WANT^Il-W9""-'« r nln^> lathe, heart, anil tall
. , stocks. ' U,ox ?W, Oql| cuflea,
TiiiTON'wantii ppo'l ppcpndtii«n<1 piothlntp imj
Ihcutrlial goods. 151 Sth St.: ul.- Fplaum HSi
REAL ESTATE— CITY— FOR 8AI *^:
EASTON. ELDRIDGE & CO..
CCS MARKET STREET.
AUCTION!
AUCTION !
AUCTION!.
TUESDAY irr. SEPT. M, M«
At our salesroom. 13 o'clock m..
<US Market at,
CAUFORNIA-BT. RESIDENCE LOTS.
North side of California st., MO feet west of
Cough: 2 elegant building- lots en sunny side of
California st; surrounded by new and elegant
homes; thU Is the only unimproved property
ror sain In this section of the city; will sell
separately or, aa an entirety; tuts :3xl77;S>* and
35x127:8*4 feet. v.';^
HANDSOME WESTERN ADDITION RCSI-
. DENCE.
Northeast comer (No, ioo> South Brodarlrlc
and 14th sta.;- modern resldenoo of 7 rooms ana
bath and basement; well built and up t> date:
In nna condition; magnificent panoramto vlow
of Hun Francisco and bay shore cities: only «
short distance from Hat_ht-«t. cars; 20:3x30:3.
COZT MISSION" COTTAOE.
West side (No. 17U) Church St., 23 tttt narth
of Day; handsome cottugo of 4 room* nnd high
basement and bath; In lino condition; light un.l
sunny; lot !3xsv feat.
PROOATB PALES. ,
Entnto of Jflmen A. Juhnnon. dtCMifld.
The following properties will, be mid, subject
to tho approval ot tho Superior Court:
Northwest nldo (No*, fif to MW Cli>m»ntln_
St., 333 feet northeast of (toennd; 10 flats, I,' >. »
rooms; In good condition: rents $103 p<r month:
nlwttv* rented to _ ttooa ctai* uf tenunti; lot
DO* so f««t.
Southeast side (Nos. 17 to $3) Nhtpley *t..
3*2:0 feet northeast ot Fourth; * welt-bullt data
of 4, 6 rooma each; rents $473 per annum;
these flats are In one of the best renting por-
tions of the city and are always In demand:
lot 42:attxtt> feet.
Northeast side (Nos. I7A to SID) Morri* av*..
210 feet southeast of Harrtson »t. and Hi ff-t
east of Sixth; 6 Mats of 3,' * rooms each; rent*
$792 per annum; In good condition; always
rented; lot SOxSO feet.
South side (No. SS33) Bush St.. 50 feet east o(
Lyon: improvements consist of residence of It
rooms and bath in good condition; rents Jt ;>
per month; lot 62x37 feet
CHOICE BUILDIVO LOT.
West side of Stanyan St.. 2S3:3 south ot
Rlvoll, near 17th: fine level lot ready for build-
ing- near Affiliated Colleges and Golden Oate
Park; no winds, no fogs; street sewered an I
macadamized; lot 23x120 feet.
SOUTH OF PARK LOTS.
West sldo of ISth ave.. 250 feet north of M
st.; 2 fine lots overlooking Golden Gate Park;
magnificent marine view; lots 2oxl20 each. ¦
OCEAN VIEW LOTS.
East side of Victoria st.. 100 feet north of
Randolph: 2 choice lots ready for building;
lots 25x100 feet each.
GIFT MAP LOTS.
Lot 376, gift map No. 1. east side of Ells-
worth st., 10O feet north of Blaine, 25x70: lot
895. gift map No. 2. east side of Pulaskl St., 10!)
north of Old Hickory. 25x100 feet; lot 903, gift
map No. 2. northeast corner of Pulaskl and
Old Hickory sts.. 25x70 feet; lot 82$. gift map
No. 3. west side of Ellsworth St.. 250 feet north
of Powhattan. 25x70 feet; lots 1023-1025, gift
map No. 3, west side Dunkirk st., 375 feet north
of Powhattan, lots 23x70 feet each.
EASTON. ELDRIDGE & CO..
63S Market st.
I ____________________————————————— — —
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO.,
633 MARKET ST.
NORTHEAST CORNER ON LEAV_afW(>ltTH
STREET.
• A Full 60 Vara.
$38,000— Five houses on Leavenworth st. and two
house* on crosj street; In a raptdly
growing portion of the city; magnificent
location for modern flats; present old .
Improvements pay $3120 per annum,
¦ • .
REDUCED TO FORCE SALE.
¦ " MUST BE SOLD THIS WEEK.
$5,000— The elegant modern residence. 9 room .h
and bath, basement and attic; four
beautiful mantels; porcelain tub; open
sanitary plumbing- and every conven-
ience; house well planned and built to
catch the sun; this house cost over $SOOV;
short distance from Park Panhandle;
key lot 25x100.
BARGAIN.
SOUTH OF MARKET STREET.
$4,000— Four well-built tenements of 3 rooms
each; near Tenth and Harrison sts.:
improvements only 6 years old and In
first-class condition; always rented;
¦ ' brick foundation; lot 25x35.
MISSION HOME.
$3,800— A well-built, house of 7 rooms and bath
In good condition; north side of Twen-
ty-fourth s:.. near Guerrero; lot Zox
87 :8 feet.
MUST BE SOLD.
$1,900— Two-story house on Norfolk st.. near
Folsom and Eleventh streets; well built
and in good condition.
WESTERN ADDITION COTTAGE.
$1.500— A cozy sunny cottage of 4 rooms and
bath and basement; on Stetitar st.. near
Filbert; Improvements only two yearn :
old; well built and In fine condition;
key lot, 22x100 feet.
FINE BUILDINO LOTS.
$3,000— Southwest corner Padfla and Larkln
sts.; 27:8V«xll2 feet.
$3,250— Larkln st., south of Pacific; 25x113 feet.
$3.000— Pacific at., west of Larkln; 27:8Tl~:St;
EASTON, ELDRIDGE tt CO..
638 Market st.
A M. SPECK & CO «87 MARKET St!
¦ ' Opposite Kearny. '
' Real Estate Agents and Rent Collectors.
$700 CASH.
Balance $1300; mortgage can remain; 5-room
rottage; In the Mission; Twenty-fourth-st. car
" ne - • $2350.
Close to Sixth st.; 2 houses; rent* $24.
|3S00.
Jones st. flats; rents $41; lot 13 foot frontage.
$1950.
2 modern flats: only H block from Market
nt.: rents $40; cost nearly $7300.
$S500.
Corner; marine view; splendid improvements;
'• ent9 * 6 °- $8000.
Vicinity Post and Stockton sts.; 9-room
house and lot. ,
$12,730.
New Van Ness ave. flats; rents $123; a saf«
bUy - $18,500.
Panhandle corner; 2 new buildings; rents
M42; lot 37x115 feet.
$13,000.
Leavenworth-st. Investment; 57- foot front;
renta $105; always rented. • :
$19,600.
Modern Improvements; lot 72x137:8; rented at
m $23,500.
Polk-st. business property; In best block; an-
nual rent, $1650. :
Mission st.. near Fourth; splendid brick struc-
ture; elevator; good high basement; rent $250;
one tenant.
Sutter-st. corner; east of Jones; store* and
lodging-houses; 80- foot frontage.
$33,000. *
Ellls-st. income property; 100-foot frontage:
ients about $5000 p«r annum.
Market st.. near Taylor; EO-foot; splendid
funding; rents $760. v^ &
667 Market it
H-VLDQUAKTEBS FOR PARK LOTS! •
$300 to $300-^-Bargalns In "Sunset" lots; ajl
jraded; elegant view; $10 monthly.
$100 to $300— Choicest Ocean Boulevard lots.
$75 $100 to $250— Unexcelled, bargains; near
!llssion:»t-.-ears; $5 monthly.
$400 to $800— Cheapest and best Richmond lots;
very easy terms.
$1000 $1300 to $3000— Splendid cotta«ej. RJ;h-
nond,' Sunset and Mission; easy terms.
$5000— Choice corner In Mission: great bar-
gain; 50x100, with' new store and flat; rent $40.
Sunset branch offlce. Ninth ave.. near H st.
SOL GETZ & PRO..
64 Chronicle building.
5400 CASH, $20 monthly: modern «-room homes
In Mission warm belt. HENRT FEIGE,
builder. 1024 Capp st.
TOR SALE-'As a whole or In subdivisions. S0-
v_ra lot. south line Union st. : 137:6 fnet east
of Pterce. Lot. northeast corner Green and
Pierce sts.. 103:Sxl37:ft feet. Inquire o*
CHARLES C. BEMIS, Real Estate Broker.
324 Montgomery st. ___________
SIELECT your lot anywhere, we will buy It for
you. erect a house to suit and sell It to you
on very easy terms. THE MCCARTHY CO..
846 Market st. '
NEW house 7 rooms, facing Duboce Park; easy
terms; west frontage; sun all day; large- yard;
basement; near cor. Waller and Stelner.
QEO. II. MOORE. €3 Portola St.
ilX ttven and eight room cottages: also two
flat houses In block between 17tn. 18th, Castro
and Noa it*.; U cash, balance monthly pat*
menti; Castro cr Uuerr tro-st. cars. ~. NIC-.-
6ON. builder. _________________
SPLENDID bargain— I<arffa double house and
cottage; house 334-386 8-n Josa ave (corner
Twenty-sixth st); cottage 8603 Twenty-sixth;
desirable sunny corner. Address Pox 2S0. OH.
5'rOPEHTY must go— 4 lots ' In Richmond.
North Park, north sldd California st.: offer
wanted n«.t 5 day*. Apply 1036'.j Mission st.
V*'KL!<-HIIlLt mod«rn 7-room residence, with
¦ Imthj 3 Mocks from park.- Inquire Mfl Mission.
For Additional Classified AdvertUa-.
MENTAL and nervous diseases cared for st San
Elmo Hospital. 230 Douglass St.. San Fran.
IIOKSIJS AM) \VA«O.\S^^
H. BRANDENKTEIN & CO.. has removed from
631 Mission at. to 819 Kolsom st., with an as-
sortment of tsalo horses; also livery and
boardlns; new boarders solicited; brick stable
to let for 20 horses.
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggl**,
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market,
J27 Sixth St.; auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN St DOYLE. Auctioneers.
1 SET light double harness, complete; patent
leather collars; genuine rubber trimmed: £10.
Sawyer House, Kulton and Devltadero sts.
FOR 8ALE— 21 head high-class horses from In-
yo County at Nelson Training Btabics; Ala-
meda. '
ONES black road tram, onn carriage team, onn
fast road team. 721 Howard st. ,
A BARGAIN In good carriage, saddle, business
and road horses. DALZIEL. 605 O. Q. ave.
150 HEAD stock horses for sale. A. M. SCOTT
& CO., 35" Pore St.. S. F. ________
FOR sale— Pair ot stylish dapple gray carriage
horses; French stock. Box 68, Call office.
SECOND-HAND surrey, phaeton and Toomey
blko cart; cheap. O'BRIEN & SON. Golden
Gate ave. and Polk st.
WANTED— A light, strong wagon In trade for
painting, paper-hanging, whitening, etc GEO.
VON GLAHN. 1510 York St. |
FINE camping wagon and outfit; double har-
ness, saddles, etc.- 1237 Valencia st. ¦
CHEAP— New panel body delivery, 1 laundry, 1
baker's, 1 shoe, 1 grocery wagon. £28 Harrison.
BOYCOTT the ROBERTS Harness and Wagon
Co.; he sells too cheap. C4 Eighth st.
FOR sale— CouDe and buggy; cheap. Address
box 68. Call offlce.
ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, harness,
etc., cheap. EGAN & SON. 2117 Mission st.
AN A No. 1 express wagon, single; also light
camping wagon for sale, cheap. £32 Mission.
DISSECTING- subjects wanted. S. F. Vet.
Col., t.10 G. G.ave.. Dr. E. J. Creely, dean.
; HOUSES TO LKT. ~
A — PRINTED list houses to let; send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN &. CO., 14 Montgomery.
TO let— Residence, 104 Guerrero st., near 13th;
10 rooms; sunny; high ground; garden; sani-
tary plumbing: 3 lines of cars; rent cheap
to permanent tenant. ¦
TO Let— House of 6 rooms and bath; large base-
ment, stable, yard tor chickens and garden;
rent $20; water free. 2257 Lombard st.
JONES. 1809, near Green— Sunny house. 8 rooms
and bath: excellent marine view. (
OAK, 322 bet. Laguna and Octavla— House;
sunny side; 8 rooms, bath and basement.
TO let— A house of 5 rooms; large yard. 2307
Polk st. :
HOUSE to let— 7 rooms and bath. 140S Stelner
st., near Ellis. ¦
STORE. 29x40. with four rooms above: Kearny-
Merchant sts,, Hall of Justice. 413 Kearny.
10-nOOM corner residence: fine order: top man-
teis: porcln. bath. 1363 Webster, cor. O'Farrell.
HOUSES TO LKT — FURNISHED.
FINE large handsomely, fur. house; 11 rooms,
finished basement; near park; 11G3 Oak; suit-
able for boarding-house or san.; reas.; I to 5.
TO let— Furnished 7-room house on Presidio
Heights; marine view; $85. Bos 167, Call,
office.
UNION, 2224— Six rooms and bath. W. H.
CRIM & CO.. '118 Montgomery st.
/ ¦¦ . HOUSES WANTED. .
FURNISHED house wanted; north Butter,' east
Hydt; 10 rooms; small family; 6 months. ¦ Uox
m, Call oftlce. ..
FIVE or 6 room house and stable; 4 horses;
central. S. B.. 31S Commercial st. »
MATTniSSBlSti ANI) I'lLI^UWp.
TO order, also rlean.ai! ami BterllUed, uphol-
' ktery; Al carpet cleaning; honest work tuur-
-ntee.1. lJOP*fJ3 )l!tO&"JU \9 «S P9W«ll »^i
tfj..push 421,
HOSPITALS.
1301 RAMBLERS, Eagle*, light Stearns, Snell
and others; Zd-hanil bicycles; cheap; send
lor list. LEAVITT & BILL S09 Larkln St.
FOR SALE— Two bruutiful whlto diamonds;
tach over 2 karats; wou,ld mako a delightful
pair earrings; will sell cheap. Inquire 1206
. Market St.. room 10. ________
Uraphophonen, Phonographs. Gramophones, $5 in
$K0; easy terms; children's toy graphophonej,
SI 60: 2d-hand PhonoRruphs.Oramophones very
cheap. Columbia Phonograph Co.. 125 Oeary.
75 II. P. RETURN tubular boiler, complete,
$350; 60 h. p. return tubular boiler, complete,
$2'0; 30 h. p. boiler and 28 h. p. enulno. com-
plote, ready to run, $350; 100-llght Edison
dynamo with Instruments, perfect, $1L'5. II.
B. WHITE, 616 Mission St.
A— CLEARANCE sale and removal to 17 and
19 Fremont st. of billiard and pool tables anil
• sporting goodH. St. Germain Billiard Co., 4CJ
Market tt. ¦ .
MISFIT parlors (upstairs), 23 Stockton, rents
full dress, Tu.\edo, Prince Albert or mourn-
ers' black suits lor $2 GO; misfit tallor-mada
rults and Raglans for snle and to rent; a big
Murk ot travelers' «umple» in trunks, valise*
and full drnfj reasonable.
BARS, back burs, mirrors, restaurant and po-
r ker tables, barroom chairs, linoleum, new and
tecond-baud: we always have a largo stock of
caloon outllts on hand; 32 complete outllts on
one floor, ready mad*; we can ship everything
In 24 hours. J. NOONAN. 1017. 1013. 1021. 1023
Mission st.. above Sixth: write for catalogue.
MISCELLANEOUS — FOR SALE.
UOIl'eRS. engines, 2d-hand' machinery. Me-
1NTOSH -& WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont st.
MCDOWELL'S fall opening of millinery Sept
25 and 2G, hours 9-5. 1019 Market, et. ' '
MILIjIMSRY.
OPENING—
Ladled are cordially Invited to attend our fall
opening of artistic millinery and class work,
Sept 23 and 26, hours 9-5. MCDOWELL'S,
1019 Market st.. above Sixth.
MRS D. KOHL, ladies' specialist, confinement,
removed from Market st. to 410 O'Farrell it.
HINDOOHERB AND MRS. DAVIES' original
method of treatment; maternity horni«;honj«
In confinement. 112G Market st.. S. F.
MRS. D. ALLEN, 1118 Market-Reliable la-
dles' specialist: a prlv. home before and dur-
ing confinement: best medical care; low fees.
THE original MRS. DAVIES, who lias been In
business here for 25 years, is still located at
122S Market: maternity home provided ; office
hours 10 a. m. to 4 p. rn. nnd C to 8:30 p. m.
MRS. D. WVET1I, reliable ladles' specialist:
private home before and during confinement;
removed from Post to 410 O'Farrell st.
DR. O'DONN'ELL— -All who are sick and In
trouble call and consult - the specialist. My
medicines have been used for many years by
thousands; the unfortunate helped; relief In all
cases taken; the most obstinate cases .have
been relieved by my medical treatment; fre'j
confidential advice on all subjects of a deli-
cate nature: all classes of female complaints
treated: relief to tho longest cases. DR. G.
\V. O'DONNELL. 1018 Market st.. opp. Fifth.
MRS. DR. GOODWIN, the eminent specialist
for diseases of women, has returned from Eu-
rope. During her sojourn she visited the most
celebrated hospitals and returns ready to in-
troduce the most modern and scientific meth-
ods in vogue. Her former phenomenal success
will surely be eclipsed on this occasion. A
sanatorium for the' reception of patients haa
been fully, equipped and a staff of trained
nurses and surgeons retained. A cure In all
cases is fully guaranteed or no pay. • Office,
SC6 Market St.. opposite Fourth, rooms 7, 8. 9.
MEDICAL.
'• HELP -WANTED — MALE— Con.
200 MEN to buy suits made to order, $1 per
week. A. K. SMITH CO.. 1.'8 Ellis st.
WANTED-Able-bodled men able to handle
grain, etc.; none others need apply; wages EOc
per hour, board, lodging and protection In-
cluded. Apply to WM. THOMAS, 614 Bat-
tery St."
WANTED— Stevedores, seamen, ' firemen, coal-
imsners, cooks and waiters; Rood wages; per-
fect protection afforded on Rroadway wharf,
where employes bid boarded and lodged on
tteamtr lying alongside; men working for
tlm company and giving satisfaction at- this
tlnto will l>» given preference in future. Ap<
fly to Paclfle Count Steamship Company,
(roadway, wharf, £nn Francisco.
100 MEN wnntfrt-Snllors, ilov«dor»(i, firemen,
labor*™; ntNidy employment; good watrrs.
Lumber Dealers' Asuoelatlon, Son Kxamlnor
i.iiIIiIImk. (limit in in Ml on vmpM and trans<
port-Men ntght and morning provided, <
TKAM8T13nS-Bteat5y work; good wflgei. 203
Front *t.
WANTED-llollerrrmkt'rS. out of city. Apply
74 Geary Bt., room 18. from 9 a. m. to 6 p. m.
OFFICE boy! must write and figure well;
wages J5 per week. Hox 371. Call office.
GET your fhoes half-Boled while waiting; 25o
to COc. E63 Mission St., bet. 1st and 2d sts.
GOOD steady boy', 17; references; good op-
portunity. Carson Glove Co.. 35 Market Bt.
RELIABLE boy, about 13. must be a good
penman. Rox 373, Call office.
DRUG clerk assistant wanted; Btate salary
•wanted. Box 160, Call offlce.
BILL clerk wanted: wholesale house; $30 per
month to start. Box 372. Call office^
i WANTED— Teams, city work. $5 per day. 2
I horses and driver. 57 Eighth St. ?
BARBER shop for sale: good location; good
business. Box 2315, Call office. Oakland.
WANTED— Boys over 17 years old to learn to
run lathes, drill presses and milling machines.
Apply to UNION GAS ENGINE CO., 241
First st., city.
WANTED— A good plumber and tinner to open
a business In country. Inquire of A. T.
HEMBREE. 2201 Webster st.
McDONALD & PERRY have 500 pairs second-
hand shoes for sale; 50c up. 241 Third st. ¦
WANTED — Flrst-claes saloon porter; wage-
$40. Northwest corner of Howard and East
st«. ; call early.
WANTED— Recruits for the marine corps. U.
S. navy; able-bodied, unmarried men of good
character, between the age* of 21 and 35; not
lees than 5 feet 4 Inches and not over 6 feet 1
inch; able to speak and read English. For
further information apply at the Recruiting
'office. 40 Ellis st.. San Francisco.
1000 MEN wanted— nock drillers, tunnel, brush
and shovel men to work on ditch line being
constructed for the Sweepstake Mining Co.
near Weaverville. Trinity Co.. Cal. : apply on
work; steady work, cood board and best
wages in State. San Francisco Construction
Co.. 26 Montgomery et.. room 25. San Fran-
. Cisco. Cal.
: MEN to learn barber trade: only requires eight
weeks; positions secured at $60 monthly;
epecial Inducements this month; write at
i once for free catalogue. MOLER BARBER
COLLEGE.. 635 Clay St. ¦ :
. WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 217 Third st.; luO large
rooms; 25c per night: $1 to $2 per week.
» GOOD driver for mineral water wagon: must
; have reference and security. Box 294, Call.
PENSION atty.. E. A. Bullis. r. 40. Phelan
; big. Past com. Geo. II. Thomas Post, G. A. R.
¦ ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 603 Mission st.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
' YOUNG man to do Janitor work for tuition In
Ean Francisco Barber. School. 741 A Howard st.
WANTED— 500 men . to buy new and 2d-hand
army shoes, $1 up; soling 20c up. 923 Howard.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st.. near Mar-
, ket— 700 rooms, 25c night; reading rooms; freo
j 'bus and baggage to and from ferry^
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
'¦ received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore it.
f A BRANCH Office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has. been established at 1096
• Valencia st
MIXES AXI> MIXING.
SHASTA- GOLD AND COPPER CO., last
chance at 10c; will be 25c In few days; com-
pany owns 14 claims. 326 Post st.: open eve's.
to LOAM.'^ .„.___._.
AT^LtNIL^T^ATrL^NXO^IPANY.
$300,000 at 6 per cent In sums to suit. City and
Oakland, town and country property; second
mortgages, life Insurance & securities. Loans
on unsettled estates, undivided Interests in
real estate and legacies. We will purchase any
- cf above securities. Tel. Red 6024. MANH AT-
TAN LOAN CO., Uh floor, Crocker bldg.
ANY AMOUNT AT 6 PER CENT
First, second and third mortgages
Undivided Interest In real mate In probate,.
Mortgages and legacies, bought; no delay...,.'
Get niy terms before doing business elsewhere
, R, McCOLUAN
'',,,,.......24 Montgomery »t.. room 3..
HICRMAN MURl'HY, 803 Kxamlner building—
|i,CQO,O0Q at t% or Iris In large, sums; loan*
on second mortgages, eittttei, etc,; rlnancl.il
problems of all torts and alxes, If your prop*
crty I* mortgag«d and you need mor» monay
*** " lillMAN M U m • i iy • 3 J'*, i L a j"iH. e L r _ _ b ' lt f'.
ANY prupofiitlon, any amount; 8 per cent; first,
second inortRaa«i, eitnU» In probate, Interevt
' In ratiitec, l»'Kit«'li«»*. uiiulvirlfd Int9r#8ts, i9cu«
iHIi-n, niuiiufhviui'lfttf, nifi'.MiiilIrt unit tlmbiir
Intrrxnts; nu piiivitluii lonm. It. 1», ftr*t floor,
ChionU'lH I.iiIIiIIub. (TICitnajgJi^OLHEN.
ANY proposition; nny Hniount; fl per cent, en
iiinriK.iKrM, eitatei, umllvldeil lnt*<r«>iti: chut*
tel in.Htii.iu.'r, »!¦•¦ D. J. 1IALLORAN,
Adamw liwll.llng. t0« Kfitrny tt.. loom 814. ,
mSLIAHL. Incorporation, e*tntil)ihe(t IMS. pr<)|i*r
-ploee lo borrow nionpy on dlnmonti*. Jewelry,
plmmx niul imiliklm at lowest ratv of mi -t--3«t.
t (Irant avo.. yaj^ _Mark*t gt. ; t«l. Black 6471.
IlKlTll-Y ' reiipeelibl* private tilaco lo obtnln
liberal advances on dUmotids, jewelry «t low-
c«t rutes. tlaldwln Jewelry Store, 84U Market
it.; tel. Main 1(H4, Uranch 1? Third »t.
MUNICIPAL Loan Orflce, 103 Grant ave.. n#*r
Geary st. : phone Red 1603.
ON real estate, 1st or 2nd mortgages & on furni-
ture or pianos without removal; any amount;
lowest rates. Keeker & Co.. 26 Montgomery.
CASH loaned- to salaried people on note with-
out Indorscr or on mortgages at 6> per cent per
annum. MORRELL. 609 Examiner building.
LOWEST rates on furniture, etc.. by private
party; no removal; no commission; confiden-
tial. Room 3, - Conservatory bldg., 301 Jones.
ON furniture, pianos; no removal; money
quick; lowest interest; easy terms; no broker-
• age; reliable party. 1170 Market St.. room .63.
ON REAL estate— 6 per. cent per annum; no
brokerage. LICK. 116 McAllister st.
3% on furniture and pianos: $13 up; no removal:
no commission; private. Room 81. 6 Eddy st.
IF you want a home 1 will loan you money to
buy It. A. E. RUDELL, 222 Sansome st.
THB TOUSLEY Company; loans and discounts.
221 Parrott building.
MONEY loaned salaried people without secur-
lty. Hill, r. U. Merchants' Ex.. 431 California.
UNCLE HARRIS has retired from business.
ON salaries or wages: no indorser required. S.
F. DISCOUNT AGENCY. 143 Phelan building.
LOANS money on salary; no Indorser: Eastern
plan. Western Loan Co... 303 Phelan bldg.
BIOXKY WANTED.
WANTED— 1250 for Al security; Rood Interest;
no scalpers needed. Box 493. Call- offlce.
MUSICAL IX STRUM EXTS.
AT co\t— We have taken In exchange over" 50
pianos in the past month, which have been
thoroughly repaired. Among these are the
Tallowing bargains which we offer at cost
with repairs added, ¦ all uprights:
3 Stelnway $133, $163, $285
7 Chickeiing from $122 to 235
1 Sommer •• ••••• 13»
1 Jewett 2X5
1 Vose .160
1 Marshall & Wendel 165
1 HalltH & Davis, large style 3»J
2 Heine, good order ; 490
1 Mason & Hamlln 385
6 Sohaffer, new from $139 to 233
1 Behr Bros 285
1 Novella 37
1 Knabe 132
1 Steck. etc. etc 95
HEINE PIANO CO., '217 Geary tt.
A BONANZA KOR SNAP HUNTERS.
PIANOS. '
) good upright. J55; 1 better, $S5.
2 rood grand?. $1*5, $195.
b uprights, $135. $155. $180. $190, $191
Also Conover, Stelnway. Weber, Vose.. Curtai,
¦ Decker Bros., Pease. Standard, littla used.
ORGANS.
1 «-stop. $3»: 1 7-stop. 144. ; -•
1 7-stop. $4S; 1 Ane like new, $84.
1 2-manual. $T5; 1 16-stop. Liszt styl«.
Maton & Hamlin. very fine, $150.
Ka«y payments. BENJ. CURTAZ & SON.
16 O'Farrell st. Chlckerlng Agency.
14,000 sq. feet; largest and oldest piano house.
ALL pianos purchased ot SHERMAN. CLAY A
CO. may be exchanged for a new gtelnway
upright or baby grand piano any tlm« — Ithln
t years from date of purchase, and have full
price allowed. New upright planor. St per
month: come good pianos sold for $i. $1 and
$G per month. SHERMAN. CLAY ft CO..
Eteimvny dealer*, corner Kearny and Sutt«r
•is..' Pan Francisco; corner Broadway and
Thirteenth St.. Oakland. •
A SPECIAL fcHture of our trade Is selecting
pianos for persona at a 'distance who are
'not able to call; every mall bring* us such
orders and If you are In need of help In this
way do not wait, but «cnd In an order at
once and we will guarantee to suit you.
Our celebrated Decker or Uaumelster al-
wavs give mutlsfactlon.
The ZEXO MAUVAIU Music Co.. 763 Mrkt.
ALL highest grades sold by Heine I'iano Co..
tole agents for famous and oldest Amerlca-i
makes. Including Hallet-Pavls; ureat bar-
calu list. JSO up; Rielnway. I1S5 up: Klsch«f.
Ill*; Chlckorlna. SIC.".: !0 others, rtnts $2 up;
great Inducements to agents. t!7 Geary st.
ANY nlano sold by us taken back any tlmt
wllhln a years and full purchase Drlce aN
lowed on a new peerless Knnbs at regular
rrlce; costs you only !0c a day to buy a piano
frchi us. KOHLKR C CHA_E. 80 O'Farrell
it.; •?tabll?h_d_l____ .
1'IANOS— Steck, Kverttt, Hardman. Packard,
Ludwlg and others: 50 different ' ac t° r , 1 f", re ,P-
re«*nted: wholesale snd retail. THE WILEY
D. ALLEN COa 333 Market st. (opp. Mason);
branch i>tore. 911 Broadway. Oakland.
A FIRM'S failure to realize on account of
ttrike ha» placed two carloads of h!gh-<;rada
planoa in stornge to be sold at Eastern fac-
tory prices ; second-band pianos for a song.
WILSON'S STORAGE. 170fi Market st.
LEFT on sale— Antlsell larae upright. $126;
Stelnway. $105. 217 Oeary St.. room 86. i
MAGNIFICENT hltrh grade upright piano; sac-'
rifice; lcaving^clty. 770 O'Farrell Et.
$50— ttmereon and 7 bargain uprights and baby
grand. Fay's Piano Factory. 1729 Mission.
WANTED— Sohmer square piano. BYRON
MAUZY, 203-312 Post st. ' ¦' '• • ¦
SQUARE piano, stool and cover, for sale. 149A
Fifth at. : '
WANTED— Uprlsht piano, first class make
and condition; cash. 1953 Pine st. .
STEINWAY. $200; Hartman, $100; elegant new
pianos, $150 up. W. C. Hamilton. 8 Flood bldg.
•ELEGANT piano as good s» new. standard
¦ make: i\ yacrlfice. Hornung's 216 McAllister.'
AT KEEFFK'S, 22 Turk *t.. r.ear Market-
Shonlnger. Schubert and Stelnway bargains.
I7B AND upward— Fine uprlghtu- PIEKCE'3
riano Factory. Market.. 14th and Church sts.
A .SPECIAL for this we»k-$4U0 piano for $273.
BRUENN. 208 Post st.
FLEGANT new upright pianos for rent. 13 p*r
. ?mo. FCOTT-CURTAZ Piano Co.. 6«0 Haygs.
SUPERIOR violins, xlthers. old and new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
ennn oerond-hnnd upright . for salt* cheap.
prHMTTT 1 .. IS McAllister rt.
OFFICES A>D STORES TO LET.
ToTJease^J sunny lofts or separate, 65x60 feet;
electric elevator service and water free. Ap-
ply COLLINS. 501 Mission st.
GUERRERO, 1043, nr. Twenty-third— Store, fix-
tures and living rooms; suitable for dress-
maklng. etc. - . , • '.'
PACIFIC* S2S— Handsome large store; rent
cheap. ; .
"¦'"¦ . _ ¦ 01L ' , ;:_ . ' _;_
OIL tank*, recond-liand. .In food order; all
¦ ,,,„. r h,_n TT. S, WTTTT~. SU Ml»«lr»n St
~- I'Aivrmt* am* . i »!•;<:<> h.\tor«».
ROOMS papered from $3 up; "whitening done.
Hartmann Paint Co,. 319 3d: tel. Red 8521.
PALMISTIIY.
MMK. ZELLA, celebrated : palmist and . card
reader, from N. Y. 311 Mason St., parlors 1-2.
¦ ;. . . l>ARTM£ll-~ WANTED.,
PARTNER for carpet cleaning works. 2413
Hanta Clara qve., Alameda.
______ _____________
THE Stnr Hair Remedy positively restores gray
ii nil failed hair to natural color without dye.
Proof, ono preparation rustores all tthaclus und
colors, blonde, asli hlonde, red, all sharleg ot
brown (invnurvliiK thn glint or golden hua pe-
culiar to brown hair) and blnck. If a dye it
' would .'iyii all shades, same culur. Also cures
iiiimli'iiif, titopK fa||lng, grows new hair. Sol. I
)>y (initfKisU ami halnlressera. Ask for It.
Takft' no -other. It's guaranteed.' '¦ Tfte SUr
fioniBily Uci., 3S5 ftoaryst;, p. V.
pUcm's MermanenY SMi>ei'ftuou»Hnlr Hamovep o|
(IrHg j!«|!«'iha|n1v« 1 »!»»'9"! »' I'** ll'iRIt §«9 W^rHs^i
LOST AND ' FOUND. _ [
LOST—A wlre-halr fox terrier dog- white with
black spots and a black head; had a chain
dragging when he left the yard. Return to
1920 Van Ness avc. and receive suitable re-
w'ard. '•' ¦ .• '¦ • . ' ¦ ¦
LOST— Between Ban Francisco and Kscalle,
«lther pn ferry-boat or train, a painted picture
of elderly lady in gold setting. Suitable re-
ward by returning to Hotel Argyle. 231 Mc-
Alllster st. - . '
LOST-Emerald rinir with 6 diamonds and 1
ring with 6 diamonds at Haas'; $50 reward;
no questions asked. Return to 2024 Bush Bt.
LOST— A passbook with the Hlbernta Savings
and Loan Society of Sun l^ranclsco, In the
name of JAMEJ MORGAN RULOFSON; No.
. 202-4(11, The finder will pleaBo return to bank,
LOST— Ladles' fur collarette Friday eve. ut
Odd Fellow*' Hull; taken from ladles' dress-
Ing room, for party Is known. Return to 44
O'Furrell at. end receive reward.
LOHT-(]olil wutch; InltlnU M. C. M. on case,
with pin; liberal reward. W. H. RHODK8,
California Hut* Uppowlt-nndTruwt Company.
HlJNcTl of itVy* loct between 231 Kill* and Sec-
ond Nt,; a HUltnliln reward will be mid. for
Nil lilt' Bt 231 Kill* Pt.
LOHT— A hunch of keys !"; a Illienil rp-
ward by iviimiliiu to tlin 'IVmtliiitl llni.<l,
llnlulu Hml Hiunymi >(h. ____________
LOW, (truyed or atnien-A parrot 1 from . 409
Uolden Onta nvn.; nultnblft rrwwrd. ' .
LOST— Hold wiitvh fob. Return to UHAULKH
A. OOB, 428 i'Hllfoi'nlaj<t,;_rcwar<l.
LOSTTHnturiTny, n puppy (Daclinliund), brown.
l'Mcnjia_r_turn Jy__!li.j_yi^i_A t jl_'^Ji 1 '^' „
LOST-^On MTsVlon, 21st or Uurtlett *t«., ft pin
representing mlnerj_tools. 19th; reward.
LOST— A watch and chain on Sixth St.. be-
tween Kolsom ond Jess!*. ' A sultabla reward
will be given by returning It to 5u7 California
St.; no quertlonn nuked. ¦
LOST— FemnlH cnrrlHRe dog: has om« china e>'n.
Return to 81(5 Florida nt. and receive reward.
LOST— Small silver watch; reward. 1312 Gold-
en Gate avo. _______
LOST— A pass book with the Hlbernla Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco, in the
name of SARAH SNOW. No. 229-334. The find-
er will please raturn to bank.
LOST — Black French poodle, trimmed; liberal
reward. Hospital. Fort Mason.
FOUND— On September 19, a chain purse;
owner can have same by proving identity and
paying for the ad. Inquire F. MORY. 2S
California "st. „
IT will pay to "Remember" that the Califor-
nia Watch Cas? Co.. 22O.5?utter St.. needs oM.
gold ami silver to make new wntfh rase*.
HELP WAXTED MALE— Con.
A-MURRAY & READY Phona Main 6848
...Leading Employment and Labor Agents...
SPECIAL TO-DAY. SUNDAY
OFF1CB OPEN 8 A. M. TO-DAY
WE SHIP R. R. MEN FREE. .•••••••
FREE FARE FREE FREE FARE
FREE FARE FREE FARE
UKIAII
...C. N. W. RY
SANTA FE
UKIAH ••••'
60 teamsters, Uklah Fre« fare
60 laborers. Uklah Free fare
M men for Meel. ballast and extra gangs,
Uklah Free fare
SANTA FE CO.'H OWN WORK........
STOCKTON MERCED ...FRESNO
BAK1CRSF1ELD AND OTHER DIV8.....
Carload of laborers, no experience required
Free fare Ship To-day....
MECHANICAL HELP ••
Painter. Government institution, near city...
Carpenter, ranch. *outh..... »M and founrt
Ranch carpenter. (1 W fnre *"?,"?. f , ouml
Carpenter, factory W«» » orei
Wlncmaker, see bo»» here; tank cooper;
cooper, alack work ilrVSiiii' fjkVf*
HAWM1LLH WOODB. K1C.
1'or a largo nawmlll company .wood* .'¦"_*•
vomilntlntt of th« following: Head donkty
mm, fOt> and found j 6 cronxcut nawynn, M
and found; :. men to work around donkey en.
B i n# , fCS and lound
t> l»f/l_r». $Jo and found; 25 laborers, no ex-
iwrlriu-o iPMUlrwd. to work around mwiiiIIU
.n.l yard*... |U to *>» and fuunrt
KAUMM l)AiniI!» 8TAUMM, ETC.
2& farmers, orrlmrd «nd vln«y«nl liundi,
M#>ody John. |2« nnd $30; 4 ranch tcamntPrm
ISO nnd found: « milker*, different j.U.pk. Wo;
dairyman, mnuh. Heady Job, *3i; 7 Mtublamen,
buggy wnNhetM and hui>llrrH ¦ •••
....;.. LAUOltKltH, DUtLLKItH, KTC
11 laborer*, no pxnerlcnc*. to work In brush.
137 t>9; 22 laborer*, to work around different
cold silver and other mlnp«, no experience,
»T.".. f'.fi nnd tm mid found; teamster for u
minlnit company; 10 driller* and hammersmrn,
160; 210 laborer*, different tiluces, city nn.l
country. 1175 to $» day
HOTEL DEPARTMENT. KTC
Cake baker, country shop, J14 wepk; *<-cond
cook, camp, J40 and found; 7 cooks, different
places; 3 ranch cooks; » waiters, porters,
kitchen help, etc
Cook for a ranch, steady Job. $40 and found.
call early to-day. Sunday: young man as order
clerk, etc., city store
MURRAY & READY 634-636 Clay st.
AMBITIOUS representatives; wages $8 day;
large house, new lines, bona fide opening men
and women good character willing to work;
permanent chance advancement. 206 State St.,
New Haven. Conn^
TOUNG man about 16 years of age to make
himself generally useful in our factory. Ap-
ply Monday between 8 and 8 a. m. only at
Standard Shirt Factory, corner Gough and
Grove sta
MARK TWAIN'S works as premiums with
Harper's Weekly. Harper's Masaiine, North
American Review, make big money -for good
solicitors. Harper & Brothers. 206 Kearny st.
NO DUES— Wanted men cf good character to
Join National Guard. Apply any day bet.
10 a. m. and 8 p. m. at FISHER & CO., 835
Market st. '
WAXTED— Steady, sober man with $75 for a
plain every day business; will pay $12 to $15
per week.; experience not required; place per-
menent. Apply 78 Third St.. room 2.
WANTED— By a wholesale house, a reliable
traveling cigar palesman; one with an estab-
lished trade, preferred. Address, stating ex-
perlenc* and references, box 608. Call offlce.
WANTED— Competent office man for general
auditing work; must be quick and accurate
at fl— area. Call with written application
Tuesday superintendent's oftlce. Emporium.
WANTED— 200 ablebodled men. ex-soldlers and
marines preferred; bring discharge papers or
recommendations; wages |3 per day and
bonus. Apply 325 Montgomery St.. room 10.
MECHANIC wanted, for iron pipe work and
connecting; eteady Job; mention experience
and wages expected. Address box 615, Call.
OUTSIDE man, full charge; established city
business: must be good talker, hard worker
and genteel; guarantee $15. R. 115, I'helan big.
WANTED— First-class forwarder for blank and
printed books. Apply SANBORN. VAIL &
CO.. 741-743-745 Market st.
WANTED— Shoemaker to work In shoe store In
San Rafael: references required. Apply to R.
MAGNES. 25 Second et.. San Francisco.
GOOD porter and bedmaker, sober and steady,
for country hotel in Nevada; wages $30 per
month and found. Address Box 4S&6, Call.
STENOGRAPHER and typewriter; one who
writes good hand and understands something
of bookkeeping. Apply room 415. Call Bldg.
WANTED— A handy man about saloon; must
know something about cooking; aged French-
man preferred. Apply 1231 Market et.
WANTED— Retail salesman experienced In
either the grocery or crockery business; steady
.position.' Box 700, Call office. ' '
MAN (Hungarian) to nail and last; good Job.
Inquire at 29 Second St.. Dolllver Bros. D.
IRWIN.
BOY to nsslst In store and run errands: age
about 14: must be neat and clean and well
recommended. Uox 6S2. Call office.
WANTED— Men to work on Iron and bress prill
work. S. F. Novelty & Plating Works, Bay
and Stockton ets.
WANTED— Smart and thoroughly experienced
entry clerk for large wholesale house. Box
614. Call office^
WANTED— Man to work on mattress machine.
Apply at 221 Terry st.
STEADY young man to carry route this paper.
Call 1SV4 Bernard St.. from 8 to 11.
WANTED— Driver for 4-horse team. Apply ED
FE1L. 2SPO Clay st.
ELDERLY gardener; good home; steady em-
ployment: small wages; country. COO, Call.
13OY wanted at Electrical works. Northeast
<orner Point Loboa and Fifth aves.
WANTED-2 bright boys by BUCKINGHAM &
HECHT. Twenty-sixth and Valencia sts.
BOY about IS years; good address. Apply Mon-
day. 10 to 12. 221 Davis St.. upstairs.
CASH boys wanted. Apply Tuesday at 8 n. m,
LIVINGSTON BROS.. 123 Post St.
KNIFE cutter wanted. I. MAGNIN & CO..
cr.fi Mission St.; apply Tuec. morning. 3d floor.
BOYS wanted In can factory; 17 to IS years
preferred. 434 Jackson st.
• •
PRESSBOYS or pressmen wanted In can fac-
tory. Anply at 434 Jackson st.
BOY to work In paint shop and learn the trade.
112 McAllister Bt.
EXPERIENCED young man to tend bar. Ad-
dress K. K.. box 65S. Call offlce.
I GOOD boarding-house cook. $60 and found. Call
; at Potrero Hotel, 301 Twenty-second Bt.
BOY 18 years old. to learn glove trade. Empire
Glove Works, cor Battery and Washington.
BOY wanted: steady place to right party, In
blacksmith shop. Call 1221 Webster st.
WANTED— Elderly man to cook. 322 Main st.
WA NTED— Tailor. ROOS BROS., 25-37 Kearnj
street.
GOOD errand boy. E. MESSAGER, 145 Post
- street. • '¦
WANTED— Young man who Is a first-class
dress goods salesman. Apply at HALE BROS.'
before 11 a. m^
¦WANTED— First-class domestic salesman. Ap-
ply at HALE BROS.' before 11 a. m.
WANTED— Experienced hands on cloak and
suit alterations. Apply at HALE BROS.' be-
fore 11 a. n_ ¦
WANTED— Cash boys 14 years of age or over.
¦ Apply at HALE BROS.' before 11 a. m.
CIVIL service Government positions— 9500 ap-
polntments last year; probably 10,000 thli
year: common school education required foi
examination; catalogue information free. Co.
lumbian Correspondence College. Wash.. D. C
MANAGERS in each State; wealthy corpora-
tion; salary $1S weekly and expenses: lnclos<
self-addressed stamped envelope. Manager,
305 Caxton building. Chicago.
GENTLEMAN of indomitable energy and push
good opportunity to right man. F. PERSON
room 412. Parrott building.
WANTED— Boys from 15 to 20 years of age ti
learn to operate sewing machines; good pay
rteadv work: also experienced man to teach
Apply at GREENEBAUM. WEIL & MICH
ELS. 021 Mission st.
WANTED— Large boys, not under 15 years o
age, of good family, who want to loan
crockery business. Apply at 9 o'clock Sun
day morning. September 22. at 130 Sutter st
KATHAN-DOHRMANN CO. ¦
BAND teamsters wanted; 12 23 per day; pa:
«very week. Apply room 12, f.th floor, Mill
building, or t" Eighth it., or Seventeenth urn
Harrison sts. ,
WANTED— Thoroughly competent and experi
••need shipping clerk for large wholesal
house. Box STB, Call office.'
AN experienced bookkeeper and collector by i
reliable electric light corporation; one whi
will Invest $10,000 preferred. Box 495, Call.
WANTED-Bakery wagon driver for stead:
place in Oakland; state particulars, : forme
situation, etc. Address box 2317. Call, Oakland
WANTED— Boy that speaks German. 108
Twenty-fifth it., near Harrison. A, J
HUECHLEU, '
AN experienced boy wanted to feed a Job presi
NEWTON GUM CO., Second and Folsom sti
BOY to feed ]nh press; good place. Appl
HEWTON GUM i-'O., Second and Folsom «ti
BRIGHT strong boy shout 18 la mako hlinscl
generally useful, S, F, Mfg. go., 6?8 MarHfi
PEnSOyAt.S--.Con tinned. f
ANTIHIRSUTE removes superfluous hair by .
the roots without pain or Inflammation: hair
follicle permanently destroyed without Injury
to the skin; prepared from the purest ol!
drugs and guaranteed: free demonstration ai:
the office ot The Antlhlrsute Co., 143 Powell
at.,, San Francisco, Cal. Agents wanted.
AN elegant line of remnants for suits to or-
der, fl6; with these suits we make an extra,
pair panta free of charge; other suits on In-
stallments, |1 weekly. L. LEMOS. 1117 Mar-
ket st,, between Seventh and Eighth.
3TYLISH young widow of refined family,,
stranger In the city, desires to meet a well-to-
do gentleman: object, matrimony. Uox 604.
Call omce.
ALL scalp and hair dUeascu cured; hair crown;
gray hair r«slor<>>!; dandruit and falling hah'
cured; shampooed hair dried by the sun. MUH
H. R. X> UN LAP. 34 Kearny: phona red 213!*
ONI) 11OTTL15 of 1'linia will cure any case ol
rhcunmttim, vcuUlca, neuralglu or gout; prlc<
13 CO Her bottle. For circulars, l'inus Med,
Co., 734 Valencia -t.. v g. F.; tel. Church 1571.
KUK8TKH, thn hair doctor, 1152 Franklin, Oulf ¦
land; established ISM; killing g«rms, ¦ m\«
crobes, rmrniilt«H (Huini»tliliiK not pxinlnc) In
ttll'iound humbug. Band stump for cause cure
KLlUniUC light in every room— Winoheattl
Hotel, 44 Third St.. near Market; 70-1 room*;
no to |l (0 ii*r night; It 60 to |i p«r w#«k;
frtt 'bui Una baggage to >nd from tht ferry.
HA'l «¦»«! tn't m wove to order and for sale: also
(,'henllle-wuve rug*, silk portieres; dealer In
carppt twine, In hank or chain, at loweni
rates. GEO. MATTHEWS. 703 fifth. Oakland,
CANCER cured at home by Internal treatment;
no knife, plaster or pain; book and testt>
inonlaU nialltd fret. Cancer Institute, 121
Wf»t Forty-second St.. N. Y. .
WlllTfi rnartt'l Iron beds, single, three-quarter
Or double, I'i 23. L'ASTEIt.V OUTFITTING
CO.. iaiQ.1318 BtocUton St.. near Broadway.
SEND Ftnnui for list books which can't b«
bought elsewhere. Hooks, 406 East 75th, N. Y.
eTleCTRICITY Is life; all run down systems
rejuvenated. 311 Mason St.. parlors 1 and g.
MARRIAGE paper; best published; free. J,
W. GUNNELS. Toledo. Ohio. -_^
A— If your hair Is falling or you are bald, call on
Dr.I.G. Moore, 332 O'Farrell; send for circular.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles destroyed with
electric needle. MISS EATON, 1119 Sutter st.
OBESITY cured: no dieting; no weakening. THB
A' VIDA CO.. 736 Valencia St.. bet. ISth and 19th.
DR. LAMOTTE'S French Corn Paint. th« best
ccrn cure; 25c: all druggists.
ALFREDUMS Egyptian Henna; restores gray
hair to Its natural color; $1; at all druggists.
TAILOR-MADE suits. $7 50; dress pants. $2 50.
Misfit ClothlnK Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
OLD gold, silver, diamonds and precious stones
bought. J.' R. JEXKEL. 817 Market st.
MASQUERADE costumes, play hooks, wigs;
country ordpr*. OOLDSTKIN &r CO.. 733 Mkt.
PLAXI5Q AND TURXIXG MILLS.
WOOD and Ivory Turning. Planing. ' Shaping
and Sawing. CARL F. HAAS. 95 Fremont St.
IMIYSICIAXS AND SURGEONS.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL— Office and residence,
J021',4 Market st., between Sixth and Seventh.
DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor, successfully
treats all diseases of the human body; se*
testimonials at offlce, 115-117 Mason, nr. Ellis.
A— DR. WONG WO, herb doctor; sanitarium.
764-766 Clay St.; see testimonials at office.
DR. NG TOY KEE. 210 Stockton St.. opp.
Union square; all diseases cured by herbs.HOTEL ABRIVAXS.
PALACE HOTEL.
J W Clise. Seattle
R J Hubbard. N Y
R F Hubbard, N Y '
A H Sawyer, NY
A D Falrbaeln. London
W Weddel. London
Major Sevno, Berlin
L Dreasel. Chicago
Dr K U Chung. China
F Auler, N Y
Y M Dassett & w.
Honolulu ¦ • •
Mrs S H Dassett & c.
Honolulu
A McKibbln, Honolulu
J M Wilson. Berkeley
C Morgan. U S N
W J Cotton, Oakland
J B Ettinser, N T
W H Thornton, NY
C Hurlburt. Detroit
J Van Meter. Mexico
F 2 S? I ? !y - Detroit
E p ,, M J lcox . Detroit
F Shroder..Chap.»He
3*rs W Reed N V
WB Roberts. In5 -
K A Eddy & w. Mont
J G Carey. Chica 5 o °
Mrs Bowers. Sacto
Miss Bowers. Santo
G Lion & w. s Jose
M Lion. S Jose
Sr A^ A J derson - Denver
W Zuchschwerdt. N T
C, Ament & w, L Ang
J C Kemp Van !Ee &
son. Hodson
H Jackson & w. Pa
GRAND HOTEL!
J . Mansfield. Stanford I
W J Cutter, Stanford I
Capt Bradman. -,U S N
C Crane, Berkeley |
WR Bacon & s. L Ang
E W Freeman, L Angj
AV Collier & w. Cal
F Wood, Visalla ¦ '
R McCormick, Chicago.!
M Breene. . Denver ,'|
P Pierson & w, Denver!
H Malloch. - Marysville
MM Harris, L Ans .
A E Smith, Bolinas
D W- Pierce, L Ang >
P S Mattel,. N Y
W H Hawley & w; Cal
J R Anderson & w, Cal 1
W Grant. Biggs .
F H Cooper. Chicago
P Baumgartner. Chiso
H Jameson. Visa'lia
D Patten. Napa I 1
H Schaefer. -Micii*
H G May, Sac to i.
J Kattenstroh, Dsnver
•H J Dect, Arizona
F Barrett & d, Cal
W Brickley. N T
Miss Buckley, 2f<-vada
P E Hill, Cal V
H Wandesforde, Cal
F E Edwards, Fortld
J Danver, Spokane
W- Murray, -Woodland
Metropolitan— J. E. Hayden and F G
Walters and wife, San Francisco- John*
P. Crane and wife. Riverside; Oscs r B
Smith, Los Angeles.
WASHINGTON, Sept. 21.— The following
Californians have arrived at the hotels:
St. James— Miss Frances E. Judd, Oak
land; Charles Kahn, San Francisco-' D M
Godin and wife, F. C. Bekeart and wife'
Miss E. Richmond and J. A. Love Sari
Diego; J. B. Harris and wife, Miss 'j T
Thomas and H. D. Miller, San FramMsco'
Raleigh— George E. Morse,- San Fran
cisco.
National— J. J. Alluny and N. E. Estes
San Francisco. : . . '
Californians in Washington.
A. P. Bowers, the well-known dredger
patentee, returned yesterday from a tour
of Japan, the Philippines and Hawaii. He
Eays he would not accept any . dredging
contracts in the Orient, owing to the high'
price of acceptable labor.
Right Rev. Sidney E. Partridge, Epis
copal bishop of Kyoto, Japan, and Right
Rev. J. H. Eccleston, Bishop of Balti
more, both of whom are delegates to the
coming Episcopal convention, are at the
Occidental. • •
J. E. Kemp Van Ee, the well-known
mining man, returned yesterday from In
specting his mining interests in Northern
California. He is at the Palace.
It. A. Eddy, a millionaire railroad con
tractor of Montana, is at the Palace. He
¦will spend the. winter months in Califor
nia.
James "W. Van Meter, one of the lead
ing merchants of Lima, Peru, is staying
at the Palace.
H. B. Hickey, an extensive lumber deal
er of Albion, registered at the Lick yes
terday, i
W. H. Thornton, a diamond deal er of
Maidenlane, N. Y., Is a guest at tho Pal
ace.
Gus Lion, a merchant of San Jose, is at
the Palace.
W. F. Chandler, an oil man of Selma, is
spending a few days at the Lick. k
Ex-Lieutenant Governor Jeter of Santa
Cruz is at the Palace for a few days.
Murray Harris, the well-known organ
builder of Los Angeles, is at the Grand.
Personal.
Beecher stole a valuable lot of j«welry
from Mrs. Amy Johnstone, with whom he
lodged on O'Farrell street. . He fed to
Portland,- where he was apprehended by
Detective Kyan a short time after the
theft was committed. He was brought
back here and tried on a charge of grand
larceny. In offering his- defense he> tried
to show that the jewelry was - given to
him by his landlady as a proof of her af
fection. Judge Dunne, in sentencing
Beecher, who is a young man, said that
it was customary in sentencing a man for
his first offense to deal lightly with him,
but that in this case he felt in duty bound
to take into account the prisoner's at
tempt to besmirch the character of the
woman whom he had robbed and would
therefore sentence him to eight years'
confinement, which is only two years less
than the limit for grand larceny. He
will go to the Folsom Penitentiary.
If Arthur Beech er had not been s:> anx
ious to besmirch the character of the
woman whom he robbed of jewels he
never would have received such a heavy
sentence as that given him by Judge
Dunne yesterday, and he would have es
caped the scoring which the jurist gave
him as he pronounced the sentence.
Scoring of Prisoner Who
Slanders Woman He
Robbed.
HEAVY SENTENCE
FOR THE THIEF
The Board, of Supervisors of Los An
geles County has voted an additional tax
levy and among the purposes for which
this la- designed is the erection of a new-
County Hospital, which will cost about
S150 000 The present buildings are old and
not' fireproof. The county owns thirty
acres of land upon which the present
structures' stand, and there Is almost un
limited room for expansion. The new
County Jail will cost $135,000. Frank D.
Hudson won the prize offered fpr the best
dci^n for the building that was offered
hv^the Supervisors. The structure will be
three stories high. It will be built of light
brown granite topped ' with terra cotta
brick with granite facings and mansard
roof of gray 3late. It will stand upon a
lot 90x91 feet on the northeast corner of
Buena Vista and Temple streets.- \;
Fifty-three acres of land In the souths
ern portion of Los Angeles have Just been
sold for $50,000. The Santa Monica branch
of the Southern Pacific road runs through
the tract, and the San Pedro street elec
tric line skirts the southern edge.
The Richmond district. Is- steadily ex
tending westward. Its principal business
thoroughfare, Clement street, is growing
steadily. H6w a retail center Is built up
in San Francisco in the outlying districts
is finding ready illustration In the section
west of First avenue. Several nice resi
dences are also going up in that section.
Georgiana M. Perkins ' has bought from
the estate of Maria F. Judah property on
the north line of "Washington street, 113
feet east from Locust, the lot being 50x
127:8 feet, for ?5400.
Five modern cottages will be erected by
Oscar Heyman on a lot 100x120 feet on the
east line of Folscm street, between Army
street and Precita avenue.
r An ice plant to cost $32,000 will . be con
structed at Bakersfield. The contract for
the work has heen secured by Girade &
Edwards.
The new Shattuck block In Berkeley will
cost $30,000.
Building in State.
There are about 3Q0 architects In the
State, but only half of that number has
applied for registration under the new
State law. After to-morrow no certificates
can be filed and those who wish to act as
architects who have failed to register will
be compelled to pass an examination.
One of the largest of recent transfers
of suburban realty has just been recorded.
The amount Involved was. approximately,
as Indicated by the internal revenue
stamps attached to the papers, $127,500.
Charles C. Judson. as executor of the
estate of Egbert Judson, together with
John I* N. Shepherd, conveyed to the San
Francisco (Jhemical Companv their larg»
Interests, including the Rancho San An
tonio in Alameda and Contra Costa coun
ties, holdings in Berkeley and East Oak
land, property in San Francisco, 12.300
acres in Monterey County, 320 acres in
Fresno County and holdings in other
countie's.
Three lots on the north line of Vallejo
street, 103 feet east from Devisadero, each
34:4 by 137:6, for. $18,000; two lots on the
southeast corner of Devisadero and Union
streets, 68 by 103 feet, for $8500.
The projectors of the club are much en
couraged and anticipate a brilliant suc
cess.
McAfee Bros, report the following sales
of realty:
H. E. Nye. M. Friedman. E. L. Youngbert.
E. G. Bolles, A. S. Bugbee. E. Florest. B.
Huff, A. F. Ehrenpfort, Charles J. Rosaeau
and H. Allen. ¦
The new club of architectural draughts
men will hold its initial meeting: at the
Builders' Exchange for organization on
the yth ir.st. In addition to the names
of members previously reported the fol
lowing named have signed the roll: «¦
The auction sale of the properties of the
heirs of the late Matthew Crooks, by the
trustees, which was advertised to taka
place to-morrow, has been postponed on
account of Yom Klppur, to October 7.
Club of Architects.
Residence lots on the north line of California
street, 2C0 feet west from Gough, 25x127:8 and
35x127 :8U: residence on South Broderlck street.
at the northeast corner of Fourteenth; cottage
at 1718 Church street, near Day; properties be
longing- to the estate and situated respectively
on Clementina street near* Second. Shipley
street near Fourth, Morris avenue near Har
rison street and Bush street near Lyon; build
ing lot on the west line of Stanyan street. 233:3
feet south from Rlvoll: lota on the west line of
Eighteenth avenue, 250 feet north from M
street; lots on the east line of Victoria street,
100 feet north from Randolph; lots in the gift
map tract. In the properties of, the Johnson
estate that are offered are six flats renting at
$672 per annum and six other fiats renting at
$792 per annum.
. Easton, Eldridge & Co. announce an
auction sale to take place on Tuesday,
September 24, at noon, in their auction
room at 638 Market street. In the list of
properties that will be offered are the fol
lowing:
Nos. 292S to 2930 Pacific avenue, near Brod
erlck street, three Oats renting for $175 per
month and lot 33x137:6, for $17,000, the seller
being C. E. Knickerbocker; four lots for $3000
on Ninth avenue and K street, 100x120 in total,
for George P. Lyon to John E. Hill, who pro
poses to erect four houses there: lot 50x100 on
the west lln* of Mission street. 200 feet south
from Eighteenth street, for $2000; lot and im
provements on the west line of Mississippi
street. 125 feet north from Twenty-fifth street,
for John Bashford to B. F. Cooley, for S1S00;
lot 50x100 on the north line of Twenty-second
street, 50 feet west from Minnesota, for the
Potrero Land Improvement Company to "Wil
liam Anderson, for 12400: lot and improvements
on the east line of Leavenworth street. 40 feet
south from Vallejo, for $2150, the seller being
the estate of Robert Willis and the purchaser
Mary A. Furkert; lot on the west line of
Minnesota street, north from Twenty-second
street, 25x100, for the Potrero Land Improve
ment. Company to Charles Berger. for $1200: lot
25x100 in the same vicinity for the Potrero
Land Improvement Company, for $1200.
Other Recent Sales.
Lyon & Hoag report the following re
cent sales:
A. M. Speck & Co. report the sale of
No. 367 Minna street, near Fifth, for $3500.
The lot is 24:8x80, and upon it is a seven
room dwelling. The seller is A. M. Speck
and the purchaser George Jacobs. The
same brokers have also sold No. 1515 Hyde
street, 112:6 feet north from Jackson, for
$8000. The lot is 32:6x137:6. The improve
ments are two flats. E. F. Bernard Is
the seller and Ugo BIzzi the purchaser.
Thomas Magee & Sons have sold three
flats and a lot on Sutter street, the lot
being 27:6x100, for $10,400.
In addition to the foregoing sales lesser
transactions are reported by various real
estate brokers. Shainwald. Buckbee &
Co. have sold a lot on the north line of
Broadway, between Devlsadero and Brod
erick streets, for Dr. R. A. McLean to F.
J. Martin for J9Q0O. The lot commands a
fine marine view.
Several transactions In the realty mar
ket of some size have characterized the
last week. Some of them. It is true, have
been under consideration for some time,
but the final steps have just been taken.
Raymond, Baldwin & Co. have wound up
the deal by which C. H. Voight conveys to
Messrs. Aden, Hirst and Harrier for $50,
000 the property on the north line of Sut
ter street, 137:6 feet east from Mason, the
lot being 68:6x137:6 and the improvements
brick structures containing stores, offices
and apartments. Thomas ilageo & Sons
have sold southwest corner of Bush street
and Clara' lane, the lot being 30x137:6
and the Improvements a four-story brick
building, in which are the editorial rooms
and other departments of the Bulletin,
for $53,000. Shainwald. Buckbee & Co.
have sold a fine residence property on tho
northwest corner of Jackson and Bu
chanan streets to Mrs. Belle Curtis, tho
seller being M. Adler. The price was $20,
000. The lot has a frontage of 34:4% on
Jackson street and 127 :8& on Buchanan.
The improvements consist principally of
a two-story and basement house, in which
there are ten roams.
Another sale of some moment was the
transfer of the southeast corner of Beach
and Stockton streets, 275x137:6. by Eliza
beth A. Heydenfeldt and others to th»
Simpson Lumber Company for $30,000.
This sale has been confirmed by the Pro
bate Court. The court has also confirmed
the sale of a water lot on the east line of
Beale street, 1S3:4 feet south from Mis
sion, by the estate of John "W. Farren to
Morton L, Cook for $28,000.
Brokers' Returns Show That
Prices Received Are
Satisfactory.
Week^ Dealings in Real
Property Are in Favor
of Home Sites.
SOME EXTENSIVE
SALES CLOSED
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 22, 1901.
30
RE.VL ESTATE CITY — FOR SALE.
J1T00— SUNNT cottage of 4 large rooms, high
basement, nice garden and chicken yard; half-
block from cars and Falrmount School: half
cash, balance mortgage, 6 per cent interest:
lot 22x100. Inquire 213 Palmer Bt.. or 619
Valencia. . .
THIS must be sold; $5300; make offer; substan-
tial 9-room sunny house; large lot; 2942 Clay
Bt.; perfect condition: finest plumbing: easiest
terms; house open for Inspection. JOSEPH
NASH. 11 Montgomery St.
A BEAUTIFUL home, B rooms and bath, all In
first-class condition; lot 65x114; In the warm
belt cf the Mission; two lines of street cars.
Apply 4115 Twenty-fourth et., near Castro;
no agents.
$175—30x100 FEET: n. e. line 27th ave. south,
between L and M sts. south, block 496. Bay
City. Homestead Association. JOOST. FISHER
& CO.. 137 Montgomery et.
FOR SALE— Well-built modern 8-room resi-
dence; 2 baths: suitable for 2 flats; Geary St.;
opposite Hamilton square; concrete basement;
rents for H3. Address box 494. Call offlce.
FOR SALE— In Sunset, new l«i-t=U>ry cottage
of 6 rooms, bath and basement, on Ninth ave.,
1>4 blocks frcm park; sold on easy terms. Call
and see it.
CAN be had cheap if purchased within two
weeks. 5-room house in Richmond; bath, pan-
try. 7-foot basement. Box 605, Call offlce.
RESIDENCE or building lots with unob-
structed marine view: Pacific or Presidio
heights. THE PHELPS-LEWIS CO.. 702 Mkt.
$550—82x130 on San Jose ave.; must be sold.
Apply 415 Fourth ft. I
$1250— HOUSE 4 rooms and bath. See owner on
place. 1C22 Tenth ave.. Sunset District. ' -• -
$1050— COTTAGE of 6 rooms and bath; easy
terms. J. ANDERSON. 309 Rutledge ave.
REAL ESTATE — COCKTHT— For Sale
SPECIAL bargain— ISO acres land, near Tub*
City, Sutter County, ehort distance from
M& rye vllle; all rich valley land under culti-
vation: good bulldir.es and well watered and
fenced; this land will be eold In whole or In
part at a very low price; also 140 acres, all
under cultivation; rich valley land; good
building*?; well fenced; short distance • from
Tuba. City. Butter County; will be sold in
. whole or la part to cult purchaser, and at an
extremely low price. The two above pieces
are situated in the heart of the fruit grow-
: Ing district of Northern California and should
be teen to be appreciated. If contemplating
purchasers will address box 4980, Call office,
tor information a bargain will be given.
$?00— 170- ACRE stock ranch: Lake County:
house; barn; orchard; abundance of wood and
water.
$2250— 40C-acre Etock ranch; Lake County:
mostly fenced; house; barn; orchard; wooJ
and water in abundance; about SO acres of
alfalfa land. C. F. MOORE, 935 Market, r. 6.
FOR SALE NEAR SAN FRANCISCO
Email tracts, $60 to $90 per acre, on Rancho
Cotati, Sonoma Co.; future value assured, as
Francisco is growing rapidly: location
best for poultry and general farming. Apply
to The Cotati Co., 302 California St., for pam-
phlets and Information.
FOR SALE or exchange for city or Oakland
property, 1G0 acres In Salinas Valley, -with
house and outbuildings ; also horses and farm-
Ing Implements complete; SO acres in full
bearing orchard. For full particulars call
on owner. 68 Ninth st,. San Francisco. '
600 ACRES with Improvements, stock, toola,
etc.i finest located ranch for stock or dairy
purposes in Alameda County; near Oakland.
For particulars, box 228. Haywards.
FOR bargains in timber land, fruit ranches,
suburban lots, farms, all through the State;
al-«o large list of desirable city sites. See
The Phe!ps Lewis Co., 702 Market st.
NEW YORK State etock farm with half-mile
track; 270 acres: mansion: Al barns. H. L.
REED. Amsterdam, N. T.
MOUNTAIN fruit ranch, fully equipped, is of-
fered for lease to responsible tenant only. Ad-
dress box 362, Call offlce. "
HOMESTEAD fruit, grain and stock Ianrt. For
information call at 1563 Seventh St., Oakland.
K5CO— IMPROVED foothill farm, 204 acres: El
Dorado County, near R. R. Box 222. Call.
CHOICE f» r ri bargains; call or send for ll»t.
Wocster. Whltton & Montgomery. 634 Market.
POULTRY and dairy ranches for tale: write for
free »st. C. R. WINFIELP. Petaluma. Cal.
REAL ESTATE-SANTA CRUZ.
S3 ACRES rich level land; creek: will trade for
R. F. property or cattle ranch; ranches for
rent or sale. HAMMOND & TOWXE, Santa
Cruz Cal.
REAL. ESTATE TO EXCHANGE.
I HAVE properties and businesses to offer in
exchange to all bona fide traders. Send stamp
for exchange catalogues.
G. W. SCHWEINHARD,
917 Market St., San Francisco.
S^ ACRES and four-room cottage, clear of
debt, at the noted Paso Rob'es health resort;
will exchange for Oakland home or homo
arcund the bay and pay cash difference. S.
T. ALLEN. S05 Eleventh St.. Oakland; call
evening?.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS
ALAMEDA KEAL ESTATE.
FOR SALE— Purchase now! Bargains!
tllGO buys a nice, cozy cottage. 4 rooms and
bath, large lot; compelled to leave on account
of health
J1&00— A new modern cottage, 4 rooms and
bath, lot 50xi;0. . .
flSCO buys a new cottage. 5 rooms and bath,
lar^e let, between the Bread and Narrow
Guage trains, close to schools; a bargain.
$2500— An elegant 6-room cottage, all mod-
ern improvements; lot 40x100; to close an es-
tate.
$2500 buys th« greatest bargain ever offered.
A fine 6-room colonial 2-story house; cost
J40C0; don't deity.
$2500— 8-room 2-story house, lot 25x150; fore-
closure.
$"S50— A modem 2-stcry 8-room house, nearly
new. lot 36xioo.
JE250 — Lot 40x207, windmill and fine S-room
house on Central ave. See this property.
Houses built, rented and exchanged.
Homes for sale on easy terms.
Insurance and loans given prompt attention.
ALAMEDA LAND COMPANY. 1500 Park st..
Alameda.
Office open Sundays and evenings.
$1250— MODERN 6-room cottage; this Is a nice
home and a great bargain.
$2100— Modern 6-room cottage, nicely located.
$3500 — Beautiful 6-room cottage,- stable; lot
50x150; one of the choicest locations in town.
Building lots a specialty.
HAMMOND & HAMMOND,
2326 Santa Clara ave.. Alameda.
BARGAINS ; 1mpro\e<l A unimproved property
acoulted hv fr.r*cli*ur*: 14 rash. Rank of Ala.
ALAMEDA KOO MS. *
SEE THIS! •
A snap: on'y tl2; 3 large sunny rooms; like
Email flat; water free; gas and electricity;
also bath, laundry, large yard and basement;
best location; Ehort distance from Morton-st.
station. Inquire at premises, 121C Paru et.,
Alameda.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
$3000— DO you want a bargain? Just look at
thle; fine house and lot, house in perfect
order, containing 6 rooms, together with a fine
corner lot, feOxlO'tt street work all done; only
. one block from station, and within 5 minutes
of university rrcunds.
JOSEPH J. MASON.
• 5?** Est «- te . Berkeley Station.
$C30C — NEW 9-room house, ready for occupancy,
equipped with window shades, combination
fixtures, pas and electric lighting; corner lot;
street work all done; very accessible to rail-
ruad and electric cars.
Only $1400 — o-room house, large lot, within
walking distance of university.
JOSEPH J. MASON.
Real Estate. Berkeley Station.
$2500— A FINE new two-story house of 6 rooms,
large lot: Ftreet work all dene; near the new
hizh school.
$:000— New house of 5 rooms; lot 50x130; fine
barn, near high school.
$1400— House of S rooms; lot 59x130; near
Bchoolhouse.
Apply to JOS. J. MASON,
Real Estate. Berkeley.
$32£0 — REDUCED from $45C0; must be sold at
once; if you are looking for a bargain sec
this house cf 9 large rooms; 2 blocks to U C
grounds. \V. C MORAN & CO.
$500— WHEELER Tract lots; call and get one
before they are all gone; will double In price
inside or 2 years. W. C. MORAN & CO.
- $4500— REDUCED from $7500; 20 acres of land
and a new 7-room house and barn; only 2
miles north of Berkeley; all fenced.
W. C. , MORAN A CO..
./, -¦; . Lorin station and Schmidt block.
$500— LOT 50x125; tightly and within 3 blocks of
college; situated on the hillside; a snap.
MAY & MORTIMER, Berkeley Station.
$1000— SIGHTLY corner lot In the Scenic Park;
£0x114: street work done.
MAY & MORTIMER. Berkeley Station.
$2800— UP-TO-DATE cottage of 6 rooms, etc.;
large lot; fully Improved.
MAY & MORTIMER. Berkeley Station.
$5000— MODERN horn* of 7 rooms, etc., on Baa-
croft way. near college.
MAY & MORTIMER, Berkeley Station.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS ;
BERKELEY REAL B STATE?. .
$1800— 6-ROOM house; new; *200 down; monthly
payments like rent. . " •
$3560— 8-room house; 1 year old; lot 50x160; this ¦
is a splendid bargain. ,
J1500— Takes the finest corner in North Berke-
ley; 60x130; view unexcelled. It will be
offered for a few days only at this price.
One of the finest corners in Scenic Park; street
work and sidewalks all done; only $1650; •
Ktxl25. • „ ,
A bargain in a 5-room cottage In Scenic Park;
- large lot; fine view; $2350. ,
S. S. QUACKENBUSH,
Opp. First National Bank. Berkeley. „
MUCH less than cost of improvements; 18-room
3-story and basement house at 191S University ,
ave., Berkeley: will pay 10 per cent net on
investment. Address owner Monday and
Tuesday. 730 Pacific aye., Alameda, Cal. ;
$28— NICE furnished cottage of 7 rooms, stable, .
etc. NW. cor. Grove and Blake sts.. Berkeley.
FRUITVALE ADVERTISEMENTS :
FRUITVALE REAL ESTATE.
H. A. PLEITNER. Fruitvale Station, Cal.
$630— New cottage of 3 large rooms; fine lo- :
cation; only 2 blocks from electric cars; city -
water; easy payments.
$1000— Bay-window cottage, of 4 rooms, partly
furnished; 2 closets, etc.; also summer house of
3 rooms and pantry; stable and chicken houses;
choice flowers and berries; good well and force
pump; easy terms if desired; only 2 blocks from .
electric cars.
$1075— Cottage of 4 rooms; 3 closets, high base- ,
ment; all cemented; lot 55x105; connected with
main sewer; only 4 blocks from Fruitvale sta-
tion.
$1300 buys this place— Cozy modern cottage of
6 rooms on one floor; large hall, porcelain bath; .
Z rooms finished in basement; brick foundation;
summer house; fruit trees and choice flowers;
stable, rabbit, piegon and chicken houses; lot
73x108; all fenced; improvements worth alone '
the price asked.
$1650— New modern cottage of 4 large rooms .
and bath; high basemenj; good brick founda-
tion: chicken houses,- etc.: lot 75x200; fronting
on two streets; fine location.
For sale in East Oakland— $1060, $100 cash and
$12 monthly will buy a pretty cottage of 4
large rooms and bath; high basement; good
brick foundation: -fruit trees; lot 35x100; good
neighborhood and a bargain.
$1700— Chicken ranch of 2% acres; house of 4
rtfoms, stable and chicken houses; fine location;
only one block from electric cars.
For particulars apply to
H. A. PLEITNER. Fruitvale Station. Cal.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFiCE— 1118 BKOADWAY.
OAKLAXD REAL ESTATE}. •
$2350— A very neat home in Peralta Heights;
cottage of 6 rooms and bath and barn; lot
40x137:6; 2 years old; elegant view of the
lake; see photo at the office of
GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO.,
1008 Broadway, Oakland.
$2500— BEST bargain in Oakland. This pretty,
cozy, modern,- Eastlake cottage of 5 large
rooms, bath, hall, bay window, brick founda-
tion, high basement, etc., and all In the very
best condition; street work is all done and
stone walks are laid; within the immediate
vicinity qf. the City Hall, narrow gauge depot
and new postofflce, and adjoining property
that is worth $200 per front foot; belongs to
an estate and must be sold; $2500 is the bot-
tom price; title perfect and no mortgage:
renting for $20 per month; this is a good
buy for an investment and is an exceptional
bargain for a home; look Into this at once.
GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO.,
1008 Broadway. Oakland.
J2500— EASY monthly payments to settle an
estate; 2-story house of 9 rooms, bath, hall,
bay window, etc. ; all in good condition; lot
63x120 feet (note the size); with gravel drive-
way; barn, toolhouse. carriage house, fine
fruit trees, lawn, shade trees, bowers, etc.;
street macadamized and sewered and stone
walks laid; rental value, $20 per month; In-
sured for $2000; bank mortgage $1300; the
property cost $3500; handy to • schools and
churches; choice location; close to Telegraph
ave.; price {2500; on monthly payments; lib-
eral discount for quick cash sale; chance
to get a bargain; title perfect and guaran-
tee*; investigate at once.
GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO..
100S Broadway ' Oakland.
$500 CASH. 18 50 monthly— 5-room cottage and
high basement; water in house, barn, shed,
fine nursery adjoining: lot 62x34O*feet; fine for
chicken run; half block to electric car line and
2 blocks from a wide boulevard and fine pub-
lic school; grand view; well sheltered and
level; fronting on main county road; adjoining
East Oakland; price all told. $1600. Call or
send for circular, 453 Seventh st.. opposite
Broadway station, Oakland; carriage free. H.
Z. JONES, Land Owner. m
$300 CASH, $20 monthly— A rare buy for a phy-
sician; prominent location; up-to-date modern
2-story house of 9 rooms, all conveniences;
lot 40x150. on Fruitvale ave.; no fogs nor raw
winds; a lovely home at a great bargain;
price, all told, $2600; will make terms to suit,
or discount for cash. 455 Seventh St., oppo-
site Broadway station. Oakland; carriage free.
HENRY Z. JONES. Owner.
WILL pay a few hundred dollars cash for
equity in Oakland home. Call evenings at
S05 Eleventh St., Oakland.
OAKLAND FURNISHED HOUSE ».
FURNISHED rooming-house of 30 rooms in
heart of Oakland. MITCHENER & PORTER,
466 Eighth St. -
OAKLAND FURXITURE FOR SALE.
AS introduction to you from H. Schellhaas. tha
furniture dealer. 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
CALIFORNIA 1304— Three large sunny desira-
ble rooms; clean and convenient; reasonable.
CALIFORNIA, 1527— Sunny furnished house-
keepings rooms to let ; gas and bath.
ELLIS, 1164, near Gough— 3 or 4 unfurnished
rooms in a. new fiat; gas and bath.
FIFTH, 353 — Furnished housekeeping; two, $12;
three, $14; three, $2»y^lso single, $i, $5 and up.
GOLDEN GATE ave., M21— 3 rooms and bath,
completely furnished for housekeeping; front
and back parlors, dining-room and kitchen
combined, with Eras range; bath; private;
rent with cas. $22 DO. ,
GOLDEN GATE ave., 1404— Sunny front room
and kitchen; also front single. $4.
HOWARD.' 732 — Large sunny basement room
frnshd. housekeeping; other rooms; rent low.
HOWARD. 1058— Nice room and kitchen com-
plete for housekeeping.
HOWARD. 1703— A nicely furnished bay-win-
dow room for housekeeping; also single one.
HYDE, 408— Sunny front basement suite, yard,
laundry. $15; -also one more suite, $12; for
housekeeping.
JACKSON, 1513-^Two nicely furnished house-
keeping rooms; private.
JESSIE. S63, near Lincoln School— Housekeep-
ing rooms, $9. . _,
LARKIN. 716— Two sunny furnished housekeep-
ing rooms. $13. ¦ -
LARKIN, 1307— Three large sunny unfurnished
housekeeping rooms; use of bath; cheap.
MINNA, 2S — Sunny furnished front housekeep-
ing rooms and single rooms, cheap.
MISSION, 56L near Second— Large front room
and kitchen; complete for housekeeping.
MISSION, 1161%— 2 front rooms, kitchen, house-
keeping; gas stove; call forenoons.
MISSION, 2045—2 rooms furnished complete for
housekeeping; hot and cold water; no chil-
dren. . ¦
NATOMA. 701 — 2 sunny housekeeping rooms for
¦ man and wife.
OAK, 119—2 large sunny parlors, furnished for
housekeeping; yard; range; 2 beds; $17.
O'FARRELL. 332 — A handsomely furnished par-
lor floor of 3 rooms; light housekeeping if de-
sired.
POLK, 10P2— J and S room suites, completely
furnished for housekeeping:; cheap: reference.
POST, £27 — 2 or 3 unfurnished rooms for light
housekeeping; 1 front furnished; gas, bath;
reasonable. -
THE Bt.' James, cor. Laguna and McAllister
sts.— Large. ' well-furnished single -room, $8;
handsomely furnished suite for light house-
keeping. $15; handsomely riiiaUlnil corner
suite for light housekeeping, extra kitchen in-
cluded; select home for families.
THE Bell, 1773 Market— 2 sunny housekeeping
rooms, gas range. $10; one single, $6.
THE SALISBURY. 299 Hyde— Nicely furnished
housekeeping suites; complete. . . *
TURK. 625— Solar flats, fine, new, Chicago
style;' 3 and E room suites for housekeeping;
unfurnished and furnished; elec, hot water.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and suDscriptlons
received at Call branch offlce. 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH efflce for Call advertisements and
eubscriptlons has been established at 1094
Valencia >t. - " ¦
ROOMS TO LET — Fnrn. and Unfnrn.
AHLBORN HOTEL, S21 Grant ave.— Best $1 a
day family hotel in city: polite attendance;
large rooms. 50c up: meals, 25c; free coach.
A-BRUNSWICK HOUSE. 148 Sixth-Rooms,
ftc to $i per night; $1 25 to $5 per week and
light housekeeping rooms; open all sight.
ROOMS XO LBT— Fnrn. and Unfnrn.
ARGYLE, 234 McAlliitcr— New, elegant, tunny;
grill attached; country visitors find no place
like the Argyle; take McAlllster-st. cars.
AT Shasta House, 246 Third— 200 rooms; newly
renovated; 25c to 75c. $1 to $3 week. '
A NICE sunny suite; also single rooms; neat,
clean and cheap; bath; tel. .332 Stockton st.
BACHELOR Hotel. 18 Mason st.— 100 newly fur-
nished rooms, $1 60 per week up; elevator,
electric lights in every room, return call bells;
first-class;- quiet; central.
BURNETT. 1426 Market (old No. 1S64)— Fur-
ni«hed rms.. suites, single: also unfurnished.
CALIFORNIA. 1242— An : elegant sunny parlor
suite; bay windows; gas fireplace; hot and cold
• water; phone and bath; finest location; pri-
vate family; gentlemen preferred.
CLIFFORD, 204 Ellis, corner Mason— Elegantly ,
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
EDDY, 210— Back parlor, newly furnished, sult-
able for 2, gentleman and wife;
EDDY, 486— Sunny furnished suite to let.
EDDY. 732— Nice clean' room; private family;
breakfast optional; central; modern flat
EDDY, 826— Large newly furnished room with
kitchen. $15; also single frooms.
ELLIS. 616— Front sunny rooms,- $10; 1 single
room, $6. ¦¦'
E^LIS. 825 — Two sunny furnished rooms, to-
gether or single; bath, gas; private family.
EVELYN, 208 Powell— Bright, cheerful, well-
fumished rooms; excellent location; thor-
oughly respectable; jl 50 per week up.
FOLSOM, 776%— Neatly furnished bay. window
room ; every ¦ convenience ; reasonable.
FOURTH, 225— Nice front room; suitable for
two. • . . - .
GEARY, 405, The Navarre— Elegantly furnished
suites and- single; travelers accommodated.
GOLDEN GATE ave., 409— Front and back par-
lor, single, suite, neatly furnished, for couple.
GOUGH, 437— Light furnished rooms, sunny;
cas, bath, sinele or suites. . ¦ >
HARRIET. 54, near Howard— 4 rooms newly pa-
pered; large yard; rent $11. '
HOTEL ST. DENIS (European plan). 24 - Turk
et.. near Market— Central location; new build-
ing, elegantly furnished; strictly first-class;
\ tOc per day and upward; special rates by the
week or month; best in the city; references;.
take Market-st. cable cars to Turk et.
HYDE, 133— Sinele and double rooms; sunny,
airy. $8 to $10. *
JESSIE, 363, near Emporium— Furnished front
room, $6. . .
LADY wishing nicely furnished sunny room
call at 1520 Pacific ave. * .
LAGUNA, 1615, ' near Sutter— Newly furnished
room in private family for gent; closet, gas,
bath and telephone; reasonable.
LARKIN, 715— Newly and handsomely * fur-
nished sunny single or double rms.; all front.
MARTINET, 1101 Geary, one door above Van
Ness— Suites new fur.; single rooms. $10 up.
McALLISTER, 465— Nice sunny, room; gas,
bath; rent reasonable. ¦
McALLISTER, 1400, corner Pierce— Choice sun-
ny furnished rooms with board.
MINNA, 631B— Sunny furnished room, bath, for
gentleman; private family. -
MINNA. 667, corner Eighth— Newly furnished
bay-window room. $1 per week; transient.
MISSION, 930%. Laurel House— Rooms to let;
«f transient. - *
NATOMA- 450— Sunny front room suitable for
1 or 2 gentlemen or man and wife; rent cheap.
NEW ARLINGTON. 1015 Market st.
O'FARRELL. 20— Sunny furnished rooms and
offices: elevator: elec. lights; day, week, mo.
OXFORD, 271 O'Farrell— Furnished front suites
and single rooms, $3 week up; transient.
POLK, 603— Sunny 6Ulte and single room.
ROYAL House. 126 Ellis— Incandescent light;
reading-room, smoking-room and ladles' par-
lor; rooms, per night. 85c to $1 50; week. $2 to
$?; month, $8 to $20; elevator on ground floor;
' rooms with hot and cold water; baths. ;
SHERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth St.,
near Market— Furnished or unfurnished.
SIXTH, 523— Large newly furnished front
rooms, single or double; private family.
iTEVENSON, 511— Sunny front single room, $5
per month. ¦ ;, .
SUTTER. 320% (The Stanford)— Suites from $3
to $7; singles $2 to $5 per week; transient.
VAN NESS ave.. 800— Two large nicely furnish-
ed rooms with excellent board; reasonable.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call hranch office. 2200 FMlmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st. ' _
ROOMS AND BOARD. "___
~—~ /*
HOTEL Lambourne— Strictly high' class; most
elegantly furnished; reasonable In price;
' suites and single rooms; board optional. 420
Eddy at., near Leavenworth.
THE Crocker. 915 Lea'venworth— Fine i sunny
rooms, slnde ».nd en suite; beautiful grounds.
THE NIARA. 615 Taylor st (formerly the
Clairmount) has changed hands. MRS. MAY
BOOKER has thoroughly renovated and re-
furnished the house; rooms single or en suite,
with or without board; home cooking; refs.
BOARDING— MRS. K. A. D'ARCY has taken
charge of the dining-room of The Niara, 615
Taylor St., and it is under her personal super-
vision; family or transient; home cooking.
ALMORA. Twentieth and Mission — Sunny cor-
ner suite, newly furnished, $60; smaller suite,
J50; house modern; American cooking.
A SUNNY suite., with excellent board; mod-
ern; also table board. 1184 Ellis: reference.
BUSH, 1220— Sunny rooms; furnished or unfur. ;
with or without board; private family.
California. 807— Stevenson mansion; select fam-
ily hotel; exceptional table: attractive rooms.
FIFTH, 119, top flat— Nicely furnished sunny
rooms with board, $5" per week.
GUERRERO, 114— Three unfurnished house-
keeplng rooms; other sunny rooms;. with board.
HOTEL Repelier. 781 Sutter— Newly furnished;
excellent table; special rates to tourists.
O'FARRELL. 605 (Johnson House)— Sunny con-
servatory suite and others; excellent board.
POST. • 739— Exceptional rooms and board;
beautiful grounds : table board- given to few
select ¦parties; refs. MRS. J. CALHOUN. ¦
ROOMS AND BOARD WANTED.
COZY 5-room cottage, modern, also piano, nice
garden. In exchange for room and board;
neighborhood Mission. Box 369, Call office.'
COUPLE with child 3 years desire board and
room; private family; north of Market. Box
652. Call office.
GENTLEMAN wishes room and board near
Twenty-fifth and Howard sts.- Box 663, Call.
BY lady, 2 sunny unfurnished rooms; cheap;
v quiet; -state terms; references. Box 796, Call.
REFINED gentleman wants room and ¦ board
in private family. Box 799, Call offlce.
ROOMS WANTED.;; .¦;.:¦
WANTED— By October 8, for two adults, a
bedroom and sitting-room and board; must
* be first-class;- state terms and locality. Ad-
J dress box 4995, Call offlce. •
WANTED— Board in Alameda by a young mar-
ried couple with 2. small children. Box 606,
Call offlce. ¦ ¦ • ¦
LARGE sunny front room; single gentleman;
between Halght. Page, Buchanan and Baker
sts. Box 65S, Call offlce.
WANTED— 3 unfurnished rooms, bath, yard.
E. E. M.. 116 Sixth st. ; state price, J location.
LADY wants furnished room; ¦ willing to ex-
change for work. Box 637, Call offlce.
SINGLE room for young man; private family;
central; best references. Box 476, Call office.
SEWING MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
ALL kinds bought/sold, rented, exchanged; re-
pairing; lowest rates. Tel. Black 1124. 205 4 th.
ALL kinds bought. ' sold, rented, exchanged: ro-
palrlng: lowest rates: phone Mint 45. 145 6th.
:' : . ; SPECIAL NOTICES.
ODD Fellows' Cemetery Association— The an-
nual meeting of the lot owners of the Odd
Fellows' Cemetery will be held ori MONDAY,
September 23. 1901, at 2 p. m., at the offlce
of the association. Point Lobos ave., for the
election of Trustees, . etc. J By ¦ order of the
Board of Trustees. .;'• . - :
-.- GEORGE T. BOHEN. President.
.GEORGE PENLINGTON,, Secretary.
|50 REWARD for the arrest and conviction ol
the party or parties who destroyed the sinkei
and lead pipe at 521 Mission at/ - JAMES
TOMPKINSON. 57 Minna st. >/.,..,.
BAD . tenants ejected -• for $4 ; collections made ;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO., 415 Montgomery St.; rooms 9-10; tel, 5580.
RHEUMATISM ; > positively . relieved - In bJ j
treatments by * magnetism. DR; . BAAGO,
1344 Market st. - - • • ; .;: >, t ,;
DISEASES and ailments of men treated; con-
sultation free. ' American Dispensary, 514 Pine.
STORAGE AND WAREHOPSEa. \
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co..
offlce Post and Powell sts.; tel. Main 5713.
• GOLDEN WEST Storage Warehouse. 840 Mis-
sion St. ; tel. Howard 941. F. W. ZEHFUSS.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving: Com-
pany, 2320 Fillmore st. ; phone Jackson 281.
BEKINS Van & Storage Co., 722 Mission st.;
tel. Main 1840; shipping at cut rates.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
16 pages. In wrapper for mailing. .$1 per year.
TO LEASE. ','_.,',', .-.,,.'
WANTED to lease for 3 or 5 years, a dairy of
from_2Q to -60 cows; correspondence solicited
In regard to same. Address box 457. Call.
GREAT BARGAINS IN TYPEWRITERS— We
sell better machines for less money than any
house in the city; rentals. $3. The Typewriter
Exchange. 536 California; telephone Main 26C.
WEBSTER Typewriter Inspection Co. — Expert
typewriter doctors; estimate free. 209 Sansome.
TYPEWRITERS. 2d-hand. all makes, at low
figures. L. & M. ALEXANDER. 110 Montg'y.
- PROPOSALS.
UNIVERSITY of California— Notice to Con-
tractors. Builders and Material Men— Notice
5 Is hereby given to all concerned that sealed
proposals or bids are solicited for the heat-
ing and plumbing of a building, to wit: A
residence for the President of said University
at Berkeley, California, and for performing
tho labor and furnishing the materials nec-
essary therefor; and said bids or proposals
will be received at the offlce of the Regents
of the University of California, in the Mark
Hopkins Institute of Art, corner of Mason
and California streets, San Francisco, Cali-
fornia, at or before 12 o'clock m. of the 30th
day, of September, 1&01. ¦
And notice is hereby further given that
the plans and specifications of said building
and of said work to be performed and mate-
rials furnished thereon have been made and
adopted and are placed in the offlce of Al-
bert Pissis, Architect, 307 Sansome street,
San Francisco, where the same may be seen
and examined during each day from 9
o'clock a. m. until 4 o'clock p. m. from this
day until 12 m. on the 30th day of Septem-
ber.. 1901. . -
No S bids or proposals will be considered
unless the same are accompanied by a cer-
tified check or a bond of said proposer in the
sum of ten (10) per cent of his proposal, with
sufficient sureties, conditioned that' if raid
bid or proposal shall be accepted the party
proposing will duly enter into a proper con-
tract to faithfully perform the duty and ob-
ligations in accordance with said proposal'
and plans and specifications, which shall be
. and are hereby required to be a part of s^ch
• contract. The right to reject any and all
bids Is hereby reserved.
This notice is given pursuant to an act en-
titled, "An Act to Amend an Act entitled,
'An Act to create and Organize the Univer-
sity of California.' approved March 23, 1868.
: and an Act amendatory of Section 25 thereof,
approved March 28, 1872, relating to the con-
struction of buildings," approved March 3,
1SS7. ;.
By Order of the Committee on Grounds
and Buildings. - >
W. A. McKOWEN. Acting Secretary.
Dated September 19. 1901.
PROPOSALS— State prison supplies and power
—Sealed proposals will be received at the of-
flce of the clerk at the State prison, San
Quentin. until 10:30 a. m., Saturday, the
fifth day of October, 1901. at which time and
place they will be opened In the presence
of bidders, for furnishing fuel coal, fuel oil,
and electric power, or other power to run
the Jute mill at San Quentin, from the 1st
day of January. 1902, to the 30th day of
June. 1902, inclusive. Each bidder must ac-
company his bid with a certified check in the
sum of one thousand dollars upon some well- I
known and responsible banking-house, pay-
able to R. M. Fitzgerald, president of the
board, conditioned that the bidder will enter
into a contract upon notice of acceptance, as
required by law. All payments made on con-
tracts will be paid In cash or Controller's
¦warrants. Bidders will carefully follow the
conditions of the schedules, and all bids must
be made upon the schedules, which will be
furnished upon application to the Clerk of
the Board, at San Quentin, Cal. The Board
reserves the right to reject any and all bids,
as the public interest may require, and to
order any quantity under or over the amount
specified In the schedule.
R. M. FITZGERALD, President.
J. M. OLIVER. Clerk. -
MABRIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were issued
yesterday: ........
Albert R. Brunskull, 23, 10 Falmouth street,
and Julia E. Wall, 19, 10 Falmouth street.
Arthur F. Mason, 28, 191 Seventh street, and
Mary A. McLaughlln. 23, 61 Shipley street.
Godfred Deucher. 43. 2633 Sutter street, and
Helen Clerc, 28, 675 Willow avenue.
Patrick Donohoe, 34, Selb", ~and Julia "Mc-
Donough, 32, 130 Second street.
Walter Hammond. 31, city, and Anna S.
Witte, 26, 'Petaluma, •
Frank B. Sherman, 35, 573 Ellis street, and
Lottie B. Robinson, 24, 516 Ellis street.
Wilfred S. Kellette, 36. 597 Noe street, and
Harriet J. Raynor, 26, 433 Tenth 6treet. *
John O. Tombler. 21. 2060 Green street, and
Edna C. Anderson, 21, 2510 Washington street.
James Leckle, 29, 414 Brannan street, and
Sadie Alexander, 18, 414 Brannan street. •
Jean Nicolas, 32, 829 Sutter street, and Maria
Gonsalin, 18, 816 Larkin street.
Oliver Rlccominl. 24, 431 Green street, and
i Amelia Podesta. IS. 433 Green street.
Nf-cholaus Malman, 26, 58 Tehama street, and
Betty Nelson, 27, 2 Washington street.
Joseph I. McMullen, 27, Presidio, and Fran-
, ces Bruce. 25, 2525 Fillmore street. .
; TlRis^RmSES-DEMHST.
BORN.
BURK— In this city. September 15, 1S01, to the
wife of Martin T. Burk, a son. ; t
DELANO— In this city, September 6, 1901, to
; the wife of Frank M. DeLano, a daughter.
EVERS— In this city, September 17, 1901, to
the wife of the late J. J. Evers, a son.
" FARRELL. — In this city, September 20, 1901, to
the. wife of J. H. FarrelT, a son.
FOLLANSBEE^-In this city, September 9,. 1901,
to the wife of George S. Follansbee, a
daughter.
HINTERMANN— In this city. September 12,
1901. to the wife of Berthold Hintermann, a
'• daughter.
JACOBSEN— In Alameda, September 20, 1901,
¦ to the wife of Henry P. Jacobsen, • a son.
KEVILLE— In this city, to the wife of Bartley
• Keville, a daughter. . ¦
' LEDDY— In : this city, September 11, 1901, to
the wife of Daniel A. Leddy (formerly Eva
Calvert), a daughter.
' LUTGEN— In Berkeley, September 5, • 1901, to
1 the wife of C. J. Lutg-en, a daughter.
; POFE— In this city. September 19, 1901, to the
wife of John Pope, twins— a son and a
dauchter.
' SAND— In this city, September 18, 1901. to
¦ the wife of G. F. Sand, a son.
'¦ TREIBER— In this city, September 15, 1901. to
f the wife of H. Treiber. a son.
'¦ ¦¦_¦•¦ : MARRIED. ~-
ERICKSON— KNUS— In this city. September
20. 1901. by the Rev. Dr. C. J. E. Haterius.
5 pastor of Lutheran Ebenezer Church. John
; ( W. Erickson and Menna Knus.
1 GARDNER— COHN— In Naca, September 19,
1 1901, by the Rev. Richard Wylle, Prentice
c Sherman Gardner, son of Dr. A. M. Gardner,
and. Laura Edna Cohn, daughter of Dr. I. E.
Cohn.
r HESSLER— MCCARTHY— In this city, Septem-
ber 4. 1901. at the Paulist Church; by the
' ! Rev. Father McNichol, George E. Hessler
and May C. McCarthy.
: LEE— DOULTON— In this city, September 18,
1 1801, at Simpson Memorial M. E. Church, by
Ihe Rev. John Stephens, William Grant Lee
• and Mac Doulton, both of San Francisco.
MURRAY— GARDINER— In this city, Septem-
ber 4, 1301, by the Rev. Father Clancy of St.
Dominic's Church,' James M. Murray ¦ and
Mae F. Gardiner, both of San Francisco.
\ .- — - DIED.
Backer, Anna M. : Kelly. John
Banks, Cyrus . Letson, Arthur H.
Blacow, Josephine E Mackenzie. Robt. H.
Bower, John * McCreery, Margaret
'• Brady, Hugh J. McNalley, Peter
Bray, Margaret Maddox, .Irma G.
', Christensen. Anna Mathewsen. Renal
' ' Clayton. Rose V. Purcell, -Laura
r Cotter, Katie Riffhtmire, Wm. J. :
Doran, Patrick Rothermel, Phillip
I Ely, Mary Shinkwin. Cornelius
,' Fennell, Mary Sternheim, Samuel
- KustinI, Pietro Taylor, Mary J.
Grimm (infant) Wolff.. Marie ;
Hyne, Frederick N. ' Wulff, Francis
I BACKER— In this city,' September ¦ 20, 1901,
Anna Maria, dearly beloved wife of John
! HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.
(Successor to Flannagan & Gallagher.) .
• DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mgr.
- FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
to Fifth et.. opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South 80.
: Mt. Olivet Cemetery,
a . ¦ "; Ban. Mateo County.-
e OFFICE 916 MARKET STREET.
« J. HENDERSON. Manager.
Eugene McGinn. - : McGINN BROS.
• Funeral Directors and Embalmers.
Z \ 31 E.DDY STREET. -
\ Telephone South 252. ' \ -San Francisco,
g No m Connection^With ' Any - Other House.
\ NEW FIRM OF UNDERTAKERS.
I. Eamuel • McFadden, 18 years manager for
- the United Undertakers' Association: ; M.
x • J. McBrearty. with • the same . company ; for
», 10 years;, P. F. . Green, i late with J.-.C.
- O'Connor & I Co.. have ' opened new Funeral
- Parlors at 1171 Mission, street.- 1 between«Sev-
'- tnth and Eighth. Telephone South 44. '
One Bottle Always Cures
The Infallible Remedy!
a Perfect and Permanent Cure
For $2.50
No salicylated soda or potash; cannot
Injure the most delicate stomach.
For circulars and testimonials ca.ll
or address,
FINUS MEDICIN ? CO...
• . 734 Valencia St.; tel. Church 1571
San Francisco, Cal.
<Shanahan Florist Go.
Vw/ ARTISTIC FLORAL DESIGNS
Prices Reasonable .
107 POWELL ST.ncaaELLIS 52Sf KOS6
Interment Lau-
rel Hill Cemetery. *. ,
SHINKWIN— In Livingston, ' Mont.. : September
?;17, '1901. Cornelius, -beloved brother -of John
and Charles Shinkwin, ' a native of Macrboru,
; County Cork, Ireland. •¦-: - . ' .- -¦ '
• JC^Notice of funeral . hereafter. .
STERNHEIM— In this city, September 19, 1901,
Samuel, beloved husband -of Rose Sternheim,
-, father ¦ of Benjamin and • Blanche ' Sternheim.
'¦- and brother of . Mrs. S. . Kohlman, a - native
tween Seventh' and Eighth.
E7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
' (Sur.doy), at 2 o'clock, from the First Pres-
. byterlen Church, Van Nets avenue, corner of -
- Sacramento street. ; .
McCREERY— In this. city. September 21, 1901,
Marjraret J..^ beloved wife of Andrew Mc-
Creery, < and mother of William J., Andrew
' T., Walter E. and Agnes McCree'ry, - Mrs. A.
' B. Johnston and Mrs. Lintine M. Riddell.
McNALLEY— In Oakland, September ' 20, 1901
Peter McNalley,. beloved husband of Mar-
gaiet McNalley, father of Annie, Willie and
I Mai?Kle ¦ McNalley, and brother of Felix Me-
Nfilley and Mrs. James O'Neill of Santa
;. Clara, a native of County Derry, Ireland, i
: aged 22 years. ¦ . ¦ .-
(CFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Mcnrlay). at, 8:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 721 Center street, thence to St. Pat-
rick's Church, where a requiem mats will
be celebrated for the repose of his soul, com-
mencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
MADDOX — In Vallejo. " September 21. 1901." Irma
Greenwood Maddox, brother of John H. and
Martha Maddox, aged 1 year and 1 month.
MATHESEN— In Alameda, September 19, 1901,
Renas, beloved son : of Anna Mathesen. and
brother of William and Charles Mathesen and
Mrs. John F: Rasmussen, a native of .Den-
mark, aged 42 years 9 months and 8 days.
in^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
to-day (Sunday), at 2 o'clock, at the late
residence. 914 Central avenue. Alameda, . En-
cinal Park station, : narrow-eauge. Interment
Mountain View Cemetery, Oakland.
PURCELL— In the City and County Hospital,
- September. 20, 1901, Laura Purcell, a. native of
-. California, aged 30 years.
RIGHTMIRE— In .-'"• Manila. P. I., Ausrust 13,
1901/ William J. Rightmlre, son . of Hlizabeth
A. and the late A. D. Rightmlre, and brother
| of -Mrs. Samuel P.' Smiley and Mrs. 1 Frank-
lin P. Bull, a native of Sacramento, ' Cal. .
ROTHERMEL— In this city. September 21,' 1901,
at his residence, 445. Noe ntreet. Phillip Roth-
ermel, beloved ¦ father of Louise J.. Fred C.
and Henry P. Rothermel, , a native of Ger-
many, . aged ; 68 years 9 . month3 and 19 days.
A member of Harmony Lodge No. 13. I. O.
O. F. ; ' Ernst von Bandel Lodge No. 3. O. d.
r H. S.; Schiller Stamm No. 278; U. O. R. M.;
"Verein Eintracht, ¦ and Olympic ; Lodge No.
127, A. O. U." W. ' > ¦ .
£7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
' fully invited to attend" the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), ¦ at; 2 o'clock, ¦ from the parlors of
• H. F. Suhr & Co.,~ 1137 .Mission street, be-
C^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day-
(Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 3S7 San Jose avenue, thence to St.
Paul's Church for services, commenclns at
2 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
FUSTINI — In Colma, SeDtember 20, 1S01, at
Nine-mile House, Pietro Fustinl; a native ot
Italy, nged 52 years 8 months and 1 day.
(n7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, Nine-mile House. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
GRIMM— In the' City and County Hospital,
September 10, 1901, infant daughter of Blanche
Grimm, a native of California, aged 7 days.
HYNE— In this city, September 20, 1901, Fred-
erick N. Hyne, dearly beloved son of Mrs.
Francis Hyne, and brother cf Augustus ami
Ruby Hyne, a native of Lily Dale, Victoria,
England, aged 29 years 4 months and 8 days.
v ICTFriends are. respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral to-day (Sunday), aL 1:30
o'clock, from the parlors of H. F. Sunr &
. Co., 5127 Mission street, between Seventh and
- Eighth. Interment Mount Olivet Cemetery.
KELLY— In this city, September 21, 1901. John,
beloved son of the late. John and Ann Jan?
Kelly, and dearly beloved brother of James,
Susie, Bridget, William, Michael and Eddie
Kelly, Mrs. J. Mclntyre and Mrs. G. Fltz-
cerald. a * native of County Derry, Ireland,
ased 29 years 11 months and 29 days.
EyFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 9 o'clock, from the parlors of
McAvoy & Co., 1239 Market street, between
Eighth end Ninth, thence to the Chanel of
the Passion, attached to St. Mary's Hospi-
tal, -where a solemn requiem mass will be
celebrated for the repose of his soul, com-
mencing at 10 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
.Cemetery. 1
LETSON— In this city, September 17, 1901, Ar-
thur- H. Letson, a native of Georgia, aged
33 years 5 months and 10 days.
MEMBERS of Battery A, First Battalion Ar-
tillery, N. G. C, and ex-members and vol-
unteers of Company F, First Regiment In-
fantry, ¦ N. G. C. are requested to report at
. armory, 815 Ellis street, to-day (Sunday),
at 1 o'clock, to attend the funeral of Private
Arthur H. Letson. r
MACKENZIE— In Davisville, Cal.\ of pneu-
monia, Robert E. Mackenzie, dearly beloved
husband of Inez Mackenzie (nee Casebolt),
father of Lillian H. Mackenzie, beloved son
of Donald Mackenzie, and brother of Wll-
lir.m, .Daniel. Helen, David 'and Ethyl Mac-
' kenzie, aged* 24 years and 4 months.
ICTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), at 12 o'clock, from the residence
of his niece. Mrs. J. Rooney, 1019 Montgom-
ery street, thence to St. Francis Church for
services at 12:30 o'clock. Interment Holy
¦ Crct3 Cemetery. A solemn requiem high
mass will be celebrated for the repose of his
soul at the above church Monday, September
23, at 10 o'clock.
ELY— In this city, September 20, 1901, Mary,
widow of the late Nicholas Ely, beloved
mother of Nicholas, John and Maggie Ely.
Mrs. P. Masonave of Los Angeles and Mrs.
A. Olsen, and sister of Mrs. B. Carr, a na-
tive of County Wexford. Ireland, aged 61
years 8 months and 26 days.
E7"Friends are Invited to attend the fu-
neral- to-morrow (Monday), at 8:30 o'clock,
from her late residence. 224 Eleventh street,
thence to St. Joseph's Church, where a sol-
emn requiem mass will be celebrated for the
repose of her soul, commencing: at 9 o'clock.
v Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
FENNELL- In this city. September 20. 1901,
Mary Fennell, beloved wife of ' the late
Thomas Fennell, and mother of Willie Rowe
and I/eslie and Morine Fennell. and beloved
daughter of Mr. and Mrs. James McRae, a
native of San . Francisco.
E^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock, irom his late resi-
dence. 674 Brannan street, thence to Masonic
Temple, corner Post and Montgomery streets,
where services will be held under the aus-
pices of Crockett Lodsre No. 139, F. and A.
M., commencing at 2 o'clock. Interment Na-
tional Cemetery. • ¦ ¦
LINCOLN Post No. 1, G. A. R.— Funeral ser-
vices will be held at Masonic TemDle to-
day (Sunday), at 2 o'clock, under the
auspices of Crockett Lodge, F. and A. M.
Comrades of Lincoln Pest No. 1, G. A. R.,
win assemble at post headquarters, 24 Fourth
street (Pioneer building), at 1 o'clock, to take
part in the services. Interment National
Cemetery. Presidio. By order
JOHN C. INNES. Post Commander.
BRAY— In this city, September 21, 1901. Mar-
garet Bray, a native of Ireland, ased 73
years.
CHJUSTENSEN— In Mount Eden. Alameda
County, Anna Christensen,, beloved .mother
of Mrs. _ Peter Mathisen. a native of Den-
mark, aged 67 years and 3 months.
in? 1 Friends and acquaintances are respectr
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
- (Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from' her late resi-
dence, thence to Mount Eden Union Church
for services. Interment Mount Eden Ceme-
tery. \ . -
CLAYTON— In this city, September 21, 1901,
Rose Violet, beloved daughter of Ernest and
Bridget Clayton, and sister of Ernest, Ar-
thur, Charles, William and May Clayton, a
native of San Francisco, aged 1 year 1
month and » days.
(CTThe funeral will take place to-day
(Sunday), at 11 o'clock, from the residence of
her parents. 38S8 Seventeenth street. Inter-
ment Holy • Cross Cemetery.
COTTER— In this city, September 20, 1901, at
her residence, 664 Grove street, Katie, be-
: loved wife of Peter J. Cotter, daughter of
Michael Healey, and Bister of Bernard, Mar-
tin, Sabina and Lena Healey, a native of San
Francisco, ased 26 years 2 months and - 2.-.
days.
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 9 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 664 Grove street, thence to St. Igna-
tius Church, corner of Hayes street and Van
Ness avenue, where a solemn requiem high
mans will be celebrated for the repose of her
soul. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
DORAN— In this city. September 20, 1901, PaU
rick Doran, beloved uncle of Hugh Quinn
and Mrs. J. Rooney, a native of Countj
Down, Ireland, aged 65 years. |
(E^i'riends and acquaintances are respect-
' • fully mvited to attend the • funeral services
to-day (Sunday), at 2 o'clock, at the resi-
dence of Richard R. Blacow, near Center-
ville. Cal.
BOWER-In • San Lorenzo, September 21, 1901,
John Bower, beloved husband of Rebecca.
Bower, "aged 72 $fiars and 7 month*
C7"Interment ra. take place to-morrow
(Monday), at 2 o'clock, at San Lorenzo Ceme-
tery.
BRADY— In this city, September 20, 1301, Hugh
J., beloved husband of Mary E. Brady,
father of Tecumseh, . Benjamin, Virginia,
May and Callie Brady, and brother of Mrs.
G. Dougherty, a native New York, aged
57 years 3 months and ' 3 days. Past Post
Commander of Lincoln Post No. 1, G. A. R. ;
also a member of Crockett Lodge No. 139,
F. and A. M.
E? Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to . attend the funeral to-day
B (Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 1% 'Wall street, off Jackson, between
Leavenworth and Hyde, thence to St. Boni-
face's Church, Golden Gate avenue, between
Jones and Leavenworth streets, for services
at 2 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery.
BANKS— In the City and County Hospital.
; September 21, 1901, Cyrus Banks, a native of
Virginia, ased 4S years. ;
BLACOW— Near Centerville. Alameda County.
September 20, 1901, Jcsephlne E. Blacow, be-
loved wife of the late Alfred Blacow, mother
of J. R., Blanche E. and Emma R. Blacow.
and sister of Julia Gerinell, Aggie Haile and
Albert Threlfall, aged 46 years 6 months and
IS dsys. ¦ - ¦- ¦ . . .. ¦ • • .
William Backer, and . mother of Charles
Backer, Mrs. J. C. Stammer and the late
Henry Backer, a native of Eburg, Germany,
aged 64 years 8 months and 26 days.
E?"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), at 9:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 85 Cumberland street, thence to Mis-
sion Dolores Church, corner Sixteenth and
Dolores streets, where services will be held
at 10 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery, by carriage.
EyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), at 10:15 o" clock, from his late resi-
dence, 172S Bush street. Interment Home of
Peace Cemetery, by train leaving Third and
"Townsend- streets .at 11:30 o'clock.
TAYLOR— In thisV city, September^ 19. 1901.
Mary Jane Taylor, beloved mother of Harvey
p. Taylor of Hearst and Mrs. O. J. Joly. a na-
tive of New York City, aged 6C years.
E3"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), at 1:20 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 522 Larkin street. Interment Mount
Olivet Cemetery, by electric funeral car.
WOLFF-In this city. September US. • 1301,
Marie, relict. of the late William Wo:;fi\ and
beloved mother of Julius Wolff, as*d 72
years. (Boston. Mass., and Concord, N. H.,
papers please copy.)
(E7"Funeral services to-day (Sunday), at
. 10 o'clock, at 2058 I-'ell street. Crt-matlon
private. Odd Fellows' Cemetery. Please omit
flowers.
WULFF— In this city, September 20. 1901.
Francis, a dearly beloved son of Henry J.
H. and Annie T. P. Wulff. devoted brother
of Cecile. Aloysius, Percy. Grace and Irene
Wulft, stepbrother of John James Kln-
sella, and grandson of Mr. and Mrs. John M.
O'Connell and Mr. and Mrs. H. Wulff. a na-
tive of San Francisco, aged 10 years 4
months and 22 days.
of Halnstadt. Baden, aged 61 years 11 months
and 9 days. . '¦EASTERN MARKETS.
Sterling Exchange. 60 days...:..;; ' — .' ''$4 83' J
Sterling Exchange," sight......... — 4 85%
Sterling Cables .....'.;. ....,.— . .486%
New York. Exchange," sight.....:. — > 10
Exchange; and .Bullion.
Dealers continue to report the same conditions
day ' after day, v the market j for* fruits • being
steady,' with ' a-good demand for shipment.'
Prices on. ntw Walnuts were. fixed as fallows
yesterday,' f. o. b.; Southern. California: .No. 1
softshell, :9Vic; No.\-2 -do,\7%c; No.\l hardshell,
9c; No-. 2 do, 7c per lb. .
• ' FRUITS— Apricots. 7*4@9 t ,£c for Royals and
Dried Fruits; Nuts and Raisins.
LOCAL MARKETS.
New York Stock Market.
2CEW TOHK, Sept. 2L — The acute weakness
of Amalgamated Copper as a result of the
omission at the directors' meeting yesterday to
declare the usual extra quarterly dividend of
% per cent with the regular %\i per cent was
en unsettling influence on the whole market
to-day. The reluctance of all having official
connection with the company about offering
any explanation of the action, or any assur
ances as to the condition of the company's
Tntsiness, added to the influence of the break.
•The policy of the Insiders In the etock seemed
to be let the sellers make the opening price,
frbtcb waa from 103 to 101 on simultaneous
NEW YORK," Sept. 21.— FLOUR-Recelpts,
14,800 barrels; exports, 23,289 barrels. Steady;
winter patents, $3 50@3 80;. winter ' straights,
$3 30@3 45; Minnesota patents, $3 65@3 90; win
ter extras, $2 50® 2 80.
WHEAT— Receipts, 102,900 bushels; exports.
186,600.. Spot, steady; No. 2 red, .76%c f. o. J>!
afloat and 7«%c elevator; No. 1 Northern, 76%c
f. o. b.- afloat; No. 1 hard, 81%c t. o. b. afloat.
Options, ' steady with corn and on the • cable
news, but trade being very light, eased off a
II ttl8 • toward midday -on disappointing export
demand. Closed easy at %c net loss. May
79%@80%c, closed 79%c; September closed 74%ic-
October, 74%@74%c, closed 74V4c; December
closed 76%c. . ••'.,.•
¦ HOPS— Steady; State, common to choice. 1901
crop, 13(jH5c: Washington crop, 13@15c; Pacific
Coast, 1900 crop, ll@15c. ' -
HIDES— Steady: Galveston, 18c; California 21
@23 pounds, 19@19%c; Texaa, 14%c • • . ¦
WOOL— Dull; domestic fleece, 25@26c; Texas
16@17c. ...;.. . -.:,:¦. .. ...- . i .
.., COFFEE— Spot Rio, steady;' No. 7- Invoice.
The proprietor of a small country, storo
displays a card in his : window • bearing
tne following inscription: "Hams and
cigars, smoked and unsmoked." "¦•
LONDON, . Sept. _ 21, —Consols, .93 9-16: ¦ silver.
27d. Wheat- cargoes , on passage, quiet but
steady; English country "markets/quiet but
steady; Indian shipments, wheat to United
Kingdom,* 37,000;' Indian shipments wheat to
Continent. 9000. * , .
LIVERPOOL, Sept. 21.— Wheat, steady; No. 1
Standard California, 6s lld@5s HHd; weather
in • England, unsettled." ¦ -. ;v
• COTTON— Uplands. ¦ 4 ll-16d.
HOPS— Pacific Coast, dull, at £3 3s@£3 5s.
Foreign Markets.
New York Grain and' Produce
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA,.- Sept. > 21.— Wheat— Unchanged;
Bluestem. 55%c; Club, _54%c. -
PORTLAND, Sept. 21.— Wheat*-Walla Walla,
54@54%c; Bluestem, 65@58c; Valley, 65@56c.
OREGON.
Northern Wheat Market.
WASHINGTON, Sept 21.— To-day's statement
of the Treasury balances in the general fund,
exclusive of the • 1 BO,000,000 gold reserve in the
division of redemption; shows: Available cash
balance. $185,820,890; gold. $106;365,557. °
Condition, of the Treasury.
Portland's Business.
PORTLAND,* Or., Sept. 2L— Clearings. $365,
946; balances. $80,267. - . . .. - y v.
Bay C P C 5s. 106 106% Oceanic SS 5s.l02**103
CaNst 5s.. .,...118 — Omnibus C 63.132 " —
C C Water 5slOS 108*4 Pac G Imp 4s. — 100
Ed L & P 6s;..128%133H Pk & Cl H Bs.109 — 1
Fer & Cl R 6s. — — Pk & O R 6s.ll7 —
Geary-st 5s.... — —> Powll-st R 6s. — —
H C &-S 5&S.106U — Sac E G R 5s. 95 —
Do 5s — — ' S F k SJV os.123 —
Los Ang R 5S.118 120 Sierra Cal 6s.: — —
L A Light 6s.l01*,i — S P of Ariz 6s
Do sntd 6s. .100 — (1909) ....112*A113
Do gntd 5S..103 — (1910) ..113*4 —
L A & Pac 5s. - 102% SP of Cal 6s '
Do 1 c nl 5s. — — (1905), Ser A. 109 lM 1 !;
Mkt-st Cab 6s. — 12SH (1905), Ser B.110% —
" .Do 1 c m 5s. 121 — (1906) ..112^ill2';i
Nev C N G 7s. — — (1912) ..121% —
N R of Cal 6s.U2 113 S P of Cal 1st ,
Do 5s 122% — e gntd 5s 110 —
Nor Pac C 6s.l01*q — S P Br Cal 6s. 136% —
Do 5s.. ... ....106 — . S_V Water Is.lUH —
'Nor. Ca.1 R 5s. .111 — Do 4s .:.102"&103"5
Oak Gas 5s.. ..Ill — Do 4s. 3d m. 101% — '
Oak Trans 6s.l20Vil21 StktnGas 6s..lO4 —
Oak Wat g 5s. 102 — -
¦ : . 'WATER STOCKS. -
Contra Costa.. 76% 78 I Port Costa 60 65
.Marin County. 58 . — *| Spring Valley. 87 ." 87*4
GAS AND ELECTRIC. '
Cent L & P.I. 4 5 Pacific Light 4512
Equitable .....'• 3*ii -4' Sacramento ...' — _
Mutual 4V4 5*4 S F G & E.... 42% —
Oakland ......—••¦ 52 San Francisco. 4*A 4«
Pac Gas Imp.. 38 40% Stktn G & E.. 8 —
'., ...INSURANCE..
Firem's Fund.— 247 i. '
-.':-.:V-' .;,¦'.-•'¦• BANKS. • ¦ :
Anglo-Cal "....— 80 iL P. & A.... ...153 159V»
California 405 — Mer Ex (liq).. 16 —
Cal . Safe Dep.lC8 — ' S F National. 127%129
First Nationl.305 — J
, i / SAVINGS I BANKS.'' "
. German ... ...1S90 • — Sav '& Loan... — — ''
Humboldt .... — — . Security ..;... 275 —
¦ Mutual Sav.... 62 — Union Trust .1600 — "¦
San Francisco.520 - — •_ .'-¦¦; . -¦
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Bid.Ask.| BId.Ask.
4s quar coup.. 113 114 4s qr c (new). 139 140%
4s quar reg..'. .112 113 1 3s quar coup.. 108 109
UNITED STATES BONDS. '
SATURDAY, Sept. 21, IS m.
STOCK AND > BOND EXCHANGE
LONDON. Sept. 21.— The offerings at the wool
auction -sales ¦¦¦ to-day j numbered 11,248. bales.
Withdrawals of offerings were frequent, owing
to the firmness of holders. Americans operated
freely, taking parcels of superior medium cross
breds at very full rates. Merinos were in strong
demand, for France. During the week 65,861
bales were offered, of which 1600 were with
drawn. ' . ¦ , . ¦ . • ¦ ;
London Wool Sales.
Southern California — Cloudy and unsettled
¦weather Sunday; probably showers; fresh
6cuthwert winds.
Nevada— Showers Sunday; high southerly
San ' Francisco and vicinity— Cloudy, unset
tled weather Sunday; probably showers; fresh
southerly winds. -.-
ALEXANDER G. McADIE,
Forecast Official.
Southwest storm warnings are displayed
elong the coast frcm Point Reyes northward.
Forecast made at Ean Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight, September 22, 1901:
For Northern California— Cloudy, unsettled
•weather Sunday, with showers; fresh southerly
winds. c ,
Raisin and prune dryers should cover or stack
their trays. Wheat and barley In sacks and
exposed should be placed under cover. .
High southerly winds are reported at Port
land. Salt Lake, Winnemucca and other points.
The etcrfn continues over the northwestern
portion of the country. Barometer readings of
29.38 inches are reported at Neah Bay. Port
Crescent and Seattle, while generally through
Washington and Northern Oregon the pressure
Is about JS.iO Inches. Rain has fallen generally
on the Pacific Coaet from San Francisco north
ward and conditions are favorable for showers
Sunday over neariy all of the Pacific slope.
FORECAST.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
LONDON, Sept 21.— Anaconda, 8%; Atchlson
78%; Canadian Pacific, 114% ; Denver and Rio
Grande, 50; Denver 'and Rio Grande preferred,
97%: Northern Pacific preferred, 99%; Southern
Pacific, 60; Union Pacific preferred. 91%. Money
1 per cent.' Bar silver, quiet, 26 15-18d. '
CLOSING.
-The Stock Exchange was empty and business
was finished in the first hour of trading to-day.
The tone of the market to-day was heavy on
the discouraging telegrams regarding British
reverses In the Boer war. The American de
partment opened a shade under parity and re
mained there until the close with practically
no .transactions.
NEW YORK, Sept. 21.— The Commercial Ad»
vertiser" s. London financial cablegram says:
London Market.
Temperature— 7 a. m,, V, degrees.
There were 'no changes In stocks worthy of
note, business being light on' all 'the boards.
Sales on the . Producers' OH Exchange last
week were 34,712 shares, valued at $31,335, ths
leading, sales being as follows: California
Standard.' 270O shares; Four, 1429; Independence
8150; Junction, 1S0O; Lion, .2500; Monarch,. 2200;
Monte Crlsto, 2200; Petroleum Center, 3800*
Reed, 1100; Oil City. 2S00; Peerless, 2080.
The Spring Valley Water Company paid no
dividend for the current month, notice to ths
contrary effect being an error. ' ¦ . .
The Pacific Coast Borax Company will pay a
dividend of $1 per share on the 30th.
. CITRUS FRUITS— Oranges, 50c@?3 50; Lem
ons; $1@1 25 for common and $2 50&3 for good to
chqtce; Grape Fruit, $1@2 50: Mexican " Mmes '
repacked, ¦ ?3 5C@4 50; Bananas, 75c@$2 25 per
bunch ; ¦ Pineapples, $1 50@3 ' per i dozen.
9 GRAPES— Large open'; boxes ! bring about ¦ 50.'
per cent, nsore than 'small boxes and crates,
which are , quoted '¦ as follows: Fontalnebleau
and Sweetwater, 30@50c ¦ per box and . cr.it«-
Tokay, -35<S65c per box; Muscat, 25@65c; lilnck
25@60e; Isabella, 40@75c; Cornlchon, 75c^?l:
Wine. Grapes, $27@30 per, ton. for Zinfandel and
$22(325 'for white. ¦¦• •. ,;¦... -¦ *
MELONS— Nutmegs.M5@50e per box; Canta
loupes, 25@75c-.per crate; : Watermelons, $5@15.
per ICO. *¦'-.: ..'".. ' '.-¦ * -
PEACHES— 25@50c per box; Peaches in car
riers, 30@50c; Mountain Peaches, ' 30S50c per
box. -'¦>.;•; ¦ • - -
• NECTARINES— Red, 75c per box for cold
storage. * ¦ / ¦
POMEGRANATES-60c per box for small
and $1 25 for large boxes. . • . -, .
PEARS— Bartletts. $1@1 50. per box; Winter
Peers, 25©75c per box. • .
QUINCES— 30@50c per box. -.
STRAWBERRIES— $5@7 per chest for Long
worths and $3@5 for large berries.
BLACKBERRIES-$3@5 per chest." "
j LOGAN BERRIES— $6 per chest.
RASPBERRIES— $3@7 per chest. '
•HUCKLEBERRIES— 6Vi@8c per lb. : \ •
i FIGS— Black, 12&@50c tor doublelayer boxes;
White, 25635c.'' • ,':.-':• .. '
CKABAPl'LES— 5Cc@$l per box, ace ji din* to
package. . - • . .
PLL'ITS— 30®60c per box; Prunes, 50@75c per
crate. - * •¦.. ¦ ¦¦¦ . ¦ . •
. DECIDUOUS FRUITS.
APPLES-75c@$l 25 per box for good to choice
and 85@65c for ordinary. • , .
TelesT8ms from Europe report a serious shorr
ase in '.he Grate yield along the Rhine and say
that increased quantities of California W'ne
will have to be imported to supply the»defi
ciency. This cucM to make our Wine Graiw
i- arket firmer. - .
Oranges are doing a little better. The ad
vanced . quotations for Limes is due to repack
ing, which increases the cost. There is no
clianifc In Letnom.
There was no improvement in conditions yes-''
terday. . Stocks were less excessive perhaps, but
were still heavy. ? Peaches are weak and are ly
ing around in large stocks. Figs are selling
low down, as will be seen. Only a fortaieht
ago they were scarce and now they are und?r
everybody's feet. ..There are also plenty of
Grapes. The Apple market Is quite steady for
good stock, free from worms." ¦¦• ¦•
Deciditous an d Citms Fru its.
Astoria 29.54 E.8 U SW Rain .49
Baker -29. r» 60 58 NW Cloudy .02
Carson 23.78 6C 28 SW Pt.Cldy .06
Eureka .' 2S.S6 64 M SW Cloudy .12
Fresno 23.84 74 54 NW Clear .00
Flagstaff 23.84 72 48 SW Clear .00
Pocatello. Idaho. ..23.C2 72 60 W Cloudy .00
Independence 29.C2 80 54 W Clear .00
Los Angeles 29.S2 74 58 6W Clear .00
Phoenix 29.«>2 SS 68 W Clear .00
Portland 23.54 f6 64 S Rain .88
Red Bluff 29.72 70 54 SE Pt.Cldy T
P.oseburg ?9.72 62 56 SW Rain .IS
Sacramento 29. S6 GS £6 SW Pt.Cldy .00
Salt Lake 2S.S8 78 62 SE Pt.Cldy .00
Ban Francisco. 2S.90 €2 56 EW Cloudy T
San Luis Obispo...2. : *.S2 66 l/l W Pt.Cidy .00
San Diego 23.86 CS 62 NW Clear .00
Seattle 29.28 C9 12 S Rain .53
Spokane 28.44 62 58 SW Cloudy .12
Neah Bay...* 62
Walla Walla 29.46 70 58 SW Cloudy .22
Wlnnemucca 29.62 66 50 E Cloudy .02
Yuma 29.60 as C2 SW Clear .00
HOGS— Receipts, 4100. Market 5@10c hlgner.
Light and light mixed, $8 75®6 95; medium and
mixed, $6 SO© 7 10; pigs, $3 85(3)6 50; bulk, $6 80
@7. ¦ • ¦ .
CHICAGO.
CHICAC-O, Sept. • 2L— CATTLE— Receipts, 700,
IncludlnjfljgOO.Texans. Nominal and unchanged.
Good to prime steers, $6 10@6 50; poor to me
dium, $4(&6; stockers and feeders, $2 50@4 30;
cows and heifers, $2 25@5; canners, $1 50(J;2 40;
bulls, $1 80@4 75; calves, $3(g-6 75; Texas steers,
$304 50: Western steers, $3 75<g>5 25.
HOGS— Receipts to-day, 14,000; to-morrow,
31,000; left over. 3 1000. Opened 6@10c. higher,'
closed weak. Mixed, and butchers, $6 60@7 20;
good to choice heavy, $6 95@7 30; rough heavy.
$6 30@6 85; light, $6 75@7 10; bulk of sales, $6 85
@7. . - '
SHEEP— Receipts, 500. Steady at recent de
cline. Good to choice wethers, $3 60@3 90; West
ern sheep, $3 25ff3 65; native lambs, $3@4 75;
"Western lambs, $3 75@4 60.
, ST. JOSEPH.
ST. JOSEPH, Sept. 2L— CATTLE— Receipts,
400. Market steady. Natives, $3@6 30; Texans
and Westerns, $2 75@5 85; cows and heifers.
$3 S0@5 10; bulls and- stags, $2 25@4 85;. stockers
and feeders, $2@4; yearlings and calves, $2 25®
3 85; veals. $2 50@5 50.
Eastern Livestock Market.
FOR SATURDAY. SEPTEMBER; «.
Flour, qr sks.....' 12,696 Straw, tons ...... 2*
Wheat, ctls 20.860 Wool, sks 401
Barley, ctls 132.6S8 Mustard, sks 60C
Oats, ctla 663 Hldff, no -.... 759
Beans, sks 2.72."i Pelts, bdls ......." 603
Potatoes, sks ' 3,270:Tallow, ctls 2U
Onions, sks 490 Sugar, ctls 12,671
Bran, sks 2. 729, Quicksilver, risks" 5>
-Middlings." ska ... 250iLeather. rolls-.. 9$
Hay, tons .... " 455i"\Vlne, gals ... 24,40)
OREGON. .
Bran, sks 704/ ••;• -:
Receipts of Produce.
New York Cotton Market.
NEW YORK, Sept. 2t— Cotton futures closed
steady 6 to 8 points lower.
THE COAST RECORD
EGGS— Ranch, 30@34c . for choice . to fancy,
and 27i4@29c for fair to good ; store. 22@25c per
dozen; cold storage, 22@22%c; Eastern, 17@22<£e.
BUTTER— Creamery, 24@25c per lb for fancy
and 22%@23c for seconds; dairy, 18@22V-c ;. store
Butter. 15@17%c per lb; Creamery Tub, 18@21c:
Pickled Roll. 19@20c; Keg, 18@19c per lb.
. CHEESE— New, ll@12c; old, 10%c; Young
America, 12%c per lb; Eastern, 13@l5c.
Receipts were. 30.400 pounds' of Butter,
poundr Eastern Butter, 602 cases I of Eggs, 400
cases Eastern Eggs, 23,100 pounds of California
Cheese and 30,080 pounds Eastern Chee3e
There has been no change jin this market
worth talking about for a week. t of
ai: descriptions are ample for the; demand, and
those of Butter have been too large. The ad
vance in 'Eggs,- as already, mentioned, has been
too rapid, and the market has lately shown a
tendency tc drag In consequence, though prices
have keDt up.
Butter, Cheese and. Eggs
Boston. ES-46: Cincinnati. 66-46; Jacksonville,
76-66 : Kansas City, 62-46: Philadelphia, 60-50;
•Washington. €2-4? ; New York, 62-48.
Eureka, 64; Mount Tamalpais, SI: Independ
ence. SO; Red Bluff. 70:- Fresno. 74: Los An
geles, 74; Sacramento, 66; San Luis Obispo, 66;
San Diego, €S.
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
62: minimum, £6; mean, 59.
The following maximum arid minimum tem
peratures vrere reported from Eastern stations:
. a2Cth Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO, Sept. 22—5 p. m.
The following maximum temperatures were
reported frcm stations in California to-day:
Weather Report.
NEW YORK, Sept. 21.— Trading in the local
metal market was along narrow lines to-day
and,' as usual on Saturdays, price variations
were immaterial. The absence of market in
formation from abroad helped the apathy. Tin
was quiet at $25 15@25 25. Lead dull at $4 37%.
Spelter steady at $4 05@4 10. Lake Superior cop.
per nominal at $16 50@17. and $16 37%@16 62% for
casting. Iron dull at $9@10 for pig iron war
rants; No. 1 foundry, Northern, $lp@15 60; No.
2 foundry, Southern, $14@14 60; No. 1 foundry,
Southern. *14 75<gl5 £5; No. 1 foundry, Southern
soft, $14 75@15 25. • . . . .
New York Metal Market
The Financier says: It will be remembered
that the bank statement of the previous week
quite naturally failed to reflect the large pay
ments on September 12 of $8,479,678 for bonds,
these disbursements counting for only one day—
or say $1,413,279— In the bank averages. There
was, however, a balance of $7,066,399, repre
senting the remainder of those payments of
the 13thj which it would seem should have been
reflected, in the bank statement of last week,
instead of which • It would appear that only
the payments for bonds purchased last week
were accounted for in the returns. It is scarce
ly likely that the banks would withhold from
their reported cash so Important an amount
as the $7,066,399 above noted.- The explanation
for its absence in the return may therefore be
that the corporations which sold bonds to the
Government were mostly savings banks and
that the money received by them for these
bonds was rather promptly Invested In" other
securities or temporarily deposited, awaiting a
favorable opportunity for Investment. Moreover,
some of the private bankers who sold bonds
have placed the cash in their own vaults. The
disclosures made by the preliminary estimate
of the movement of money last week, that the
ordinary operations of the treasury continue to
absorb large sums, of >money from the banks
and also that the movement of currency to the
interior appears to be Increasing, are not alto
gether assuring. There will, however, be no
occasion for anxiety regarding the situation so
long as the policy of bond purchases Is con.
tlnued, through which depleted bank reserves
may be partially restored. The money market
will soon be directly relieved through Imports
of gold from Europe and from- Australia and
also through Yukon gold, which will be trans
ferred to this center.
Surplus, $13,654,225; increased. $6,543,675.
NEW YORK, Sept. 2t— The statement of the
associated banks for the week ending to-day
shows: •
Loans. $865,954,000; decreased, $6,316,900.
Deposits, $930,261,900; decreased. $1,071,100.
Circulation, J31.O98.3OO; increased, $302,200.
Legal tenders $70,842,900; decreased, $1,170,600.
Specie, $175,401,800' Increased, $7,446,100.
Reserves, $246,244,700; increased, $6,275,900.
Reserve required, $232,590,475; decreased, ?267,
775. . • •
Associated Banks' Statement.
. GAME — Doves, per dozen, .$1; Hare, $125-
Rabbits, $1 25®1 50 for CottontaU and $1 25
for Brush; English Snipe, $3 50; Jack Snipe,
$2 per dozen.
, POULTRY— Live Turkeys. 9@10c for Gobbler»
and 12@13c for Hens; Young Turkeys, 16@18c;
Geese, per pair, $1 50@l 75; Goslings. $1 50@l 75;
Ducks, $3@3 50 for old and $3 50@5 for young-
Hens, $3 60@4 50; young Roosters, $4@4 50; old
Roosters, $3 50@4; Fryers, $3@3 50; Broilers, $3
@3 50 for large and $2 25<§'2 50 for small; Pig
eons, $1 25@1 50 per dozen for old and $x 75 for
Squabs. ¦ » ' . . . . .-..-.
; ,.The week closed on a dull and soft market,
owing to the heavy arrivals of the past six
days. .' ¦-. ¦ • ¦¦•¦.• .
Poultry and Game.
The imports of specie this week were $125,856
gold and $42,765 sliver.
The imports of <Jry goods and merchandise
at the port of New York ! for this week are
valued at $11,247,804. - r ."-.'.
NEW, YORK, Sept 21.— Exports • of silver,
from : this country to ' alL countries for this
week -aggregate $558,165 and of gold $4760.
Exports and Imports.
Simon Kafka (owner) with J. J. Collins (con
tractor), plans by owner— All work except man
tels, gas fixtures and shades for alterations
and additions to a two-story frame building
(flats and store) on NE ¦ line of Sixth street.
50.NW of Tehama/NW 23 by NE 73; $2500.
Builders' Contracts.
Frank Wlnterburn (owner) with A. Andrews
and Joseph Warren (contractors), architect
Thomas D. : Newsom— All work for a one
story - frame cottage ' with rough basement
on lot commencing at a point 32:6 E from
NE corner of Sixth avenue and Clement street,
N-1C0 by E 25; $1393. ' ..,. ' ¦ ,.
D..w. C. and Emellne D. Gaskill to Oscar
Heyman. lot on E line of Folsom street. 50 N
of Preelta place. 'N 100. E 10O. S 150. W 23
N 50. W 72, lots 63 and 63. Preclta Valley lands
$10
- John Norton to John Hlggins. lot beginning
2CO W. ; of Bartlett (Harper) street. W 30 to Mer
ced or Noe. S 232 to Laldley. SE 33. N 235.
block 24, Falrmount Tract: $10.
J. C. and Florence E. McKenzIe to W. A.
Dougherty, lot on W-llne ot Fortieth ¦ avenue,
100 N of U street, N 25 by W 120; also lot on
W'llne of Fortieth avenue. 200 S of T street,
3 25 by W 120; JJ10-
American Surety Company -«*-• New York to
Alice G. Campbell, lot on E line of - Seventh
avenue. 375 S of California street. E 120. 8 48.
SW 120:2%, N 39 (redeed of 1S69 D. 117): $10.
Margaret Stack to Margaret L. Stack, lot
on SE line of Clementina street, 350 SW of
Fifth, SW 25 by SE 73; gift. ,
' James Tyndall or Tyandall to Terrence Tyn
dall, lot on NE line of 'Raurfch street, 200 SE
of Howard. NW 25 by NE 112; $10.
Medor Plche to Sallle PIche (wife), lot on N
line of. Glover street, 91:fc W of Jones W 2S
by N 60; gift.
Franklin J. and Martha L. King to William
H. King, lot on 8 line of Twenty-fifth street.
240 E of Cistro. E 80 by S 114; lot on SE corner
of Amador and Maryland streets. E 10O by
S 200; also lots 7 and 8. 21. and 22, block 34,
tide lands: also lots 9 to 20. block 430. same* $10
Gertrude L. Rossiter (wife of Paul> to John
and Sarah Hayden. lot on W line of Dolores
street, 195 N of Twenty-third, N 65 by W 117-8
$10. ¦ • v .-
Nancy E. Cooper and Emma I*. Maule to Al
bert Wilford. lot on 8 line of Fulton street
53:3 W of Shrader. W 26:6 by S 80; $10.
Ellen Feehan to James B. Feehan. lot on 9
line of Page street, 72:8 E of Webster. E 40 by
S 137:6: also lot on S line of Page street. 220
W of Scott. W 30 by S 137:6: also lot on SW
line of Ninth street, 225 NW of Folsom, NW
2».by SW 100; also lot.on.SE line, of Clemen
tina street. 250 SW of Eighth. SW 23 by SE
75; also lot on NW line of Folsom street 150
SW of. Eighth, SW 25 by NW 85: also lot on
NW line of Folsom street, 225- SW ot Eighth
SW 50 by.NW 90; gift.
Ernest F. Sautter to. Nellie Sautter, lot on >T
line of Rlchland avenue. 352:3 W of Andover
street. W 100 by N 100. block 7. Holly Park-
Si' 1 - ¦ _- . . ¦_ . _
John Pforr to Olive Verkouteren, lots 18 to
21. .block 4, Garden Tract Homestead Associa
tion; $10. . . , . •
• William T. -Dudy to Hester O. Dudy lot on
S line of Parker street, 205 E of Columbia
place, E 25 by S 100, Precita Valley lots 206 to
210; also lot on S line of Parker street. 230 B
of Columbia place. E 25 by S 100, same; gift.
Benjamin F. and Hattle Cooley to John Bash
ford, lots 1569 and 1570, gift map 3; $10.
J. W. Wright & Sons Investment Company
to Elizabeth W. Farish. lot on S lln» of J
street, 95 E of Forty-fifth avenue. E 50 by 3
Solomon and Dora Getz to Thomas F Chat
field, lot on E line of Twelfth avenue. 150 3
of Clement street. S 50 by E 120; $10.-
Mary Connolly to Thomas Day Company
(corporation), lot on N 11ns of Minna street
175 W of Third. N 55 by W 20? $10t
Francis and Caroline Bernard 'to Ugo and
Teresa Bizzl. lot on W line of Hyde street, 112-9
N of Jackson. N 32:6 by W 137:6; $10.
Dorothea M. Klumpke to Bessie H. and Her
man Nolt. lot on W line of Valencia street
97:7% S of Twenty-second. S :1 by 75:5; $1.
N. W. Miller to San Francisco Savings Union
1741 D. 400, lot on SW corner of Twentieth and
Collingwood streets, W ICO. S 97:6. W 25 3
75, W 125. S- 347:6. E. 230. N 520; also lot' on
SE corner of Twentieth and Diamond , streets
S 97:6 by E 73 (deed of surrender); $
Elizabeth W. Burbank to Elizabeth Maas. lot
on S line of Seventeenth street, 25 E of Castro
street, E 25 by S 100: $10.
• Elizabeth W. Burbank to Philip Maas, lot on
S line of Seventeenth street, 50 E of Castro
street. E 25 by S 100; $10.
Amelia Ursln to Annie Reynolds, lot on E line
of Folsom street. 23 N of Thirteenth street. N
25, E 80. S 22:8%. W 80; $10.
•Estate of Maria B. Judah (by Union Trust
Company of San , Francisco, trustee) to Georgi
ana M. Perkins, wife of W. F. Perkins^ lot on
N line of Washington street. 115 E of Locust
street. E 50 by N 127:8%; $5375.
Frank Pauson (by R. H. Fitzgerald, commis
sioner) to Frank Pauson, lot on S line of Mc-
Allister street, 156:3 W Lyon street. W 23 by S
137:6; |3669. '
Annie Mueller to Lena Gehrels, lot on S line
of Post street. 27:6 K of Lyon street, S 137:8 by
E 27:6; also lot on S line of Filbert street, 82-S
E of Jones street. S 137 :« by E 40; $10.
E. S. Heller to Clara H. Heller. lot on N line
of Jackson street. 83 W of Octavlaj W 62:6. N
100. SE 40:1%. SE 13:1%. S 93; gift.
Thomas I. Bergin to Clara H. Heller (wife
of Emanuel S. Heller), beginning 96:9 N of
Jackson street and 97:5% W of Octavla street.
N 30:11%. W 41:5?6, S 27:7%. E 40:2%; grant.
Dorcas Nathan (by James H. Budd. attorney),
to Paulina N*athan, lot on N line of Post street.
85 W of Larkln. W 25 by N 120; $ .
BEAT* ESTATE TBAUSACTIONS.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— • Dec. March.
Opening 5 8 5 9<ft
Closing ; -6 8 5 9%
PARIS.
Wheat— "... , . Sept. Jan. -Apr.
Opening Closed.
Closing Closed.
Flcur — , ' . .
Opening i,.. ............ .......j,. Closed. ,-, .
Closing .'....; Closed. :
Cubes, Crushed and Fine Crushed. 5.Mc; Pow
dered, 4.95c; Candy Granulated. 4.95c; Dry
Granulated. 4.S5c; Confectioners* A. '4.85c; Frul'l
Granulated. 4.85c; Beet Granulated. 4.75c; Mag
nolia A. 4.45c; Extra C. 4.35c; Golden C, 4.25c;
barrels, 10c more; half-barrels, 25c more; boxes,
50c more; 50-lb bags, 10c more. No orders ttken
for less than 75 barrels or its equivalent. Doml.
nos. half-barrels. 5.35c; boxes. 5.60c per lb.
I COAL OIL— Water White Coal Oil, in bulk
13c; Pearl Oil, in cases, 19c; Astral.- 19c; Star,
19c; Extra Star, 23c; Elaine, 24c; Eocene. 21a:;
deodorized stove Gasoline. In bulk. 15c: In cases.
21c; Benzine, in bulk. 14c: In cases. 20c: 8«-de
gree Gasoline, in bulk, 20c; In cases, 26c.
TURPKNTINE— 58c per gallon in cases anil
52c In drums or Iron barrels.
SUGAR-The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, per lb, in 100-lb bairs: ¦
RICE— China. No. 2, $4 15@4 20; No. 1 14 70*>
4 90; extra, $5 10@5 50; Japanese, $5 25@6- Lou-'
islana. $4 25ft 6 75; Hawaiian, nominal
OILS— California Castor Oil, -In cases No
1, 70c; pure. $1 20 r Linseed Oil, In barrels
boiled, 74c; raw, 72c; cases. 5c more; Lucot
59c for boiled and 57c for raw in barrels; Lard
Oil,, extra winter 'strained, barrels, 80c: cases."
85c; China Nut. 55072c per gallon; pure Neats-
foot Oil. barrels. 67%c; cases, 72%c; Sperm,
pure. 65c; Whale Oil, natural white, 40@45«
per gallon; Fish Oil. in barrels. 37%c; cases,.
GRAIN BAGS— Calcutta " Grain Bags, 7%g>
7%c; local make, less than Calcuttas; Wool
Bags, 32@35c; Fleece Twine, 7%@8c; Fruit Bags,.
5%@6%c for cotton and 7@7%c for Jute.
COAL— Wellington, $9 per ton; Southfleld
Wellington, $9; Seattle, $7; Bryant, $6 50; Cooji
Bay, $5 50; Wallsend, $9; Co-operative Walls
end, $9: Cumberland. $12 50 in. bulk and $13 75
in sacks; Pennsylvania .Anthracite Kgg, 114-
Cannel. $10 per 'ton; Coke. $15 per ton in bulk
and $17 in sacks; Rocky Mountain descriptions
$8 45 per 2000. lbs and $8 50 per ton. according to
brand. • ' ¦ •
General Merchandise.
VEGETABLES— Green Peas, l@2c; String
Beans, l@2%c; Limas, 2%@3%c; Cabbage, 40®
EOc per ctl; Tomatoes from the river, 20<g:30c
from Alameda, 25@40c; Dried Peppers, 10@12%c-
Green Okra. 25@40c per box; Carrots, 25@35c per
sack; Cucumbers, Bay, 20@30c; Pickles, 1%@
l%o per lb for small and %<8)le for large; Gar
lic, 2©3c; Green Peppers, 25@40c per box for
Chile and 25@40c for Bell ; Egg Plant, 25@50c
per box; Green Corn, 50c@$l per sack; Alameda
75c«g$l per crate; Berkeley, 50@75c; Summer
Squash, ' large boxes, 20@35c; new. Marrowfat
Squash, $10@12 per ton; Hubbard Squash, $rj
@12. • .
POTATOES— 90c@$l 25 in sacks for Burbanks
from the river; Salinas Burbanks, $1 25@1 60;
Sweets. 50@75c for Rivera and $1 for Merced.
ONIONS— 90c@$l 10 per ctl; Pickle Onions 50
@75c per ctl.
The Weather Bureau reports the Oregon Po
tato crop short, though of excellent quality.
Dry weather has caused the deficiency. The
local. market stands as previously quoted, with
a very fair demand for shipment and local use.
There Is no change in Onions. .. ¦ .
Vegetables continue in excessive supply and
cheap. /\ ••
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
"Prune drying has commenced and a fair
crop of prunes will be harvested. Th*! Italians
are ripening slowly, but they promise tc be
of superior quality, although rather smaller
than usual. A fair crop of apples and pears is
elowiy ripening and the early varieties are
beinj; marketed."
'"Potatoes, althcufjh of excellent quality and
free from blight, will be a light crop. The
late rains have not bper. sufficient to material
ly improve their condition, and the crop is
nnw too far advanced to l>e helped, even if
abundant rains should occur this week. Pas
lures are unusually siiort for this season of
the year and stock is falllrg oft In flesh, and
there has been a considerable shrinkage in the
milk supply in the dairv diPtricts.
"Hop picking will be about completed by the
end of the week. The weather has been very
favorable for this work and the crop will be
secured in excellent condition. There are no
complaints of lice or mold, but the yield is
below expectations and will not be more than
one-fourth as much a£ last year.
"The wheat harvest is practically finished
end threshing is mostly done. The yield has
% been very satisfactory. Fall seeding has be
gun on summer fallowed land in the Wil
lamette Valley and in Eastern Oregon. In the
WilUmette Valley this land is in excellent
condition for seeding-.
The Oregon Crops.
The weekly report of the 'Weather Bureau
on the condition of the Oregon crops is as
follows:
CALL. CALENDAR.
Bank Clearings.
Local bank clearings during the past week
•wore Pl.73.ca. against $20,5r9,7?9 during the
eam» week last year. .
PORK— Live hogs, 200 lbs and under 6©6*.ic
over 200 lbs, 5%@5%c; feeders, ; sows, 20 per
cent off;, boars, 50 per cent pft and stags 40 pet
cent off from the above quotations: dressed
Hogs; 7%®9%c. ™°
Previous quotations rule for all descriptions
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers;
are as follows:
BEEF— 6@6%c for Steers and 6@5%c pep it
for Cows.
VEAL— Large, 7@Sc; small, 8@9c per lb -
MUTTON— Wethers, 6%@7c; Ewes. 6@6%c per
pound. •
LAMB— 7@8c per lb. . .
San Francisco Meat Market
The situation remains unchanged. Several
descriptions are momentarily steady, but. gen
eral weakness Is expected with heavier . ar
rivals of the new crop. ¦
i BEANS— Bayos, $2 65@2 75; Small White. $1 83
@5; -Large White, $2 75@3; Pea, $4 90@5; Pink,
$2 25@2 50; Red, $2 75@3; Blackeye. ?3 50@3 65;
Lima's, nominal: Red Kidney, $4 per ctl.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard. $3 15; Yellow Mus
tard, $3 15@3 25; Flax. $2 25@2 50; Canary, 3%
@3%c for Eastern; Alfalfa,. nominal; Rape, 1%
@2Vic; Hemp. 3%c per lb. -
DRIED PEAS— Nlles, *1 65 perctL
Beans and Seeds.
SATURDAY, Sept- tt-ttY m.
Bid. Ask. Bid: Ask.
Andes .......... 01 0? Julia ¦ — 01
Alta 02 05 Justice 03 04
Alpha 01 03 Kentuck — 02
Belcher 09 11 Mexican 19 20
Bullion 01 02 Overman 04 05
Best & Belcher. 16 17 Ophir 76 77
Con Cal & Va.l 75 1 80 Occidental 05 07
Chollar ..... 07 OS Potosl .......... 05 06
Crown Point 03 04 Silver Hill .....36 38
Confidence 63 M Standard .'. — '3 25
Caledonia 28 29 Seg Belcher..... 02 04
Challenge 13 14 Savage ..: 62 ftl
Excnequer — 01 Sierra Nevada. 21 23
Gould & Curry. 05 00 Utah 03 04
Hale &. Norcrs. 17 18 JJnlon 05 07
Imperial — 01 [Yellow Jacket.. M 07
Cash quotations were as . follows: Flour,
steady; No. 3 spring wheat, 67@68%c; No. 2
red, 71%@71%c;;.No. 2 oata, 36%@37c; No. 2
white. 38%@39%c; No. 3 white. 3S@39%c; No. 2
rye. 55%@56 1 /4c; fair to choice malting barley,
54@58c;,No. 1 flaxseed. $160; No. 1 Northwest
ern, $162; prime timothy seed, $5 40; ' mebS
pork, per barrel, $14 90@14 95; lard, per 100
pounds, $10 16@10 20; short ribs. sides (loose),
$8 S5@9 05; dry salted shoulders (boxed), 7%@
7%c; short 'Clear sides (boxed), $9 45@9 5o;
whisky, basis of high wines, $1 30.
Articles— . Receipts. ' Shipments.
Flour, .barrels ................. 30,000 J 13,000
Wheat, bushels 299.000 113,000
Corn, bushels .226,000 . 305,000
Oats, burhels 185.0C0 112,000
Rye, bushels 1,000 2,000
Barley, bushels 90,000 . 23.000
On tha Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was firm; creameries,' 14@20%c; dairies,
13@17c. Cheese, steady, 9%@10%c. Eggs, flrro;
fresh, 15%ffj;i6c.
Previous,, quotations ruled for : everything.
The feeling in Hay was- fairly steady. - .
, BRAN— $20 50@21 50 per ton. .; : . .
MIDDLINGS— $22@23 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS- Rolled Barley, $16@17 50 per
ton; Oilcake Meal" at the mill,- $25@26; Jobbing,
$28 60; Cocoanut Cake, $17@18; Corn Meal, $34®
35; Cracked Corn. $34 50@35 50; Mixed Feed,
J18 50@19 50. ; '¦•"¦•¦
HAY— Wheat, *7@9 50; Choice, $10010 50;
Wheat and Oat, $6 50@9; Oat.. $6@8 50; Barley
and Oat. $6@8; Alfalfa, $8 50@10 50; Clover, $5 50
@7; Volunteer, $4 50@5 50.
STRAW— 25@42%c . per bale. : • c • . . . •
Hay and Feedstiiffs.
Articles— v Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2— •
September ......... 69% 69% ' 6S% 6S%
December 71% 71% '70% 71
May 74% 74% . ,74% 74%
Corn No. 2 — .
September ......... 56% -•_ 57% 56% 57%
December.. • 58% 59-. . 58% c8%
May ..."........ 60% 61% . 61% 60%
Oats No. 2— . . .' * ¦ . '•
September .35. , 35 . 34% 34%
December 36.% 36% 36%- 36%
May .38% 38% "38% 38%
Mess pork, per barrel—. '. ¦
October 14 90 .15 00 14 82% . 14 85
January 16 40 16 40 ,16 25 16 25
May. 16 55 16 55 1637%:1637%
.* Lard, per 100 pound&r- • ..• , . : •' ..-,
September ¦.......•-.10.17% -.10 17% 10 07% 10 07%
October 1025 ,10 25 10 02% 10 02%
January 9 65 . 9 72% 9 52% 9 55
Short ribs, per 100 pounds-
September ....;.... 8 97% 8 97% ' 8 87%. 8 87%
October 8 95 9 10 8 85 8 85
January 8 57% 8 57% , 8 42% 8 42%
"Prunes on the srot were very dull. A few
cars of n«>w crop sold during the week at a
S"»c basis lor 40s and smaller Santa Claras and
at a 3c basis for outsi.le jprunes. There were
reports also of occasional tales of some sizes
of SSenta Claras at a S l «c basis. Not many
ears were offered Saturday, however, at a 3Vic
price."
New crcp currants will likely command
most attention this \v«H.k. The first of the
rew goods ere expected to-day on the Cevic
from Liverpool. The quantity coming on this
steamer is n-jt known but is believed to be
considerable. In expectation of these receipts
or new goods spot currants were pressed for
eale last week at very low prices, but so far
as could b>? learned buyers were not interested.
J>.e\v Valencia layer raisins sold quite frfely
at Sc. The quality this year. Judging by the
goods so far received, is better than last spa
?on. California loose raisins were easier.
Sc-f-ded, Just arrived irom the coast, sold in
round lots at T^sc and several cars of seedless
Muscatels changed hands.
"There was almost nothing doing In dried
fruits Saturday, the tragic d-^ath of tie Presi
dent further depressing an already dull mar
fc*t. Trade is likely to be very quiet during
the present week in view of the , national
calamity, but the opinion is general In the
local trade that neither the market nor grocery
conditions generally ivill be at ail seriously
affected.
Mail advices from New Ycrk ~sav
Dried Fruit in New York.
sales of S500 shares. Some degree of" support
was accorded after this, although ! the price
touched par during the second hour, an ex
treme decline of 7% from yesterday's close
and 3 points from the high level of the year
on June '7. The stock closed at 100%. a net'
loss of 6%. Selling for London account also
was a depressing factor, . where news of an
other setback in South Africa discouraged re
cent hopes of an early termination of the war.
Brisk bidding up of the local traction stocks
.was the only notable influence toward an ad
vance. Prices were generally below last
night's level when the bank statement ap
peared. The loan reduction, in spite of the
week's activity by -speculative • poots in the
market, relieved some apprehension and al
lowed the surplus' reserves to derive additional
advantage from the gains of cash on the sub
treasury operations. The strength of the local
tractions and a lively demand for Louisville
ami Nashville and Union Pacific steadied the
market, but the close was Irregular and with
the day's net changes mixed.
The-rrice movement of stocks this week con
stituted a remarkable demonstration of con
fidence in the stability of the financial fabric
I and the continuance of prosperity. On
Monday, which was the first day of dealing
in stocks after the death of President Mc-
Kinley. prices recovered practically all the
losses of the week before, the market opening
with a buoyant up-rush of prices and clcsing
strong at the top level. This movement was
not less significant as a de .onstratlon of con
fidence because it was to some extent artificial
and due to manipulation. Artificial support is
powerless to check general selling by real
holders of securities, who act always on their
own conviction that the value of their shares
has become impaired. The action of the mar
ket on Monday morning showed conclusively
that there was no general liquidation tu be
faced. Real holders were confident in the
value of securities. The timid class of holders
had evidently done their selling during the
previous week at the threat of the calamity
which fell upon the market during Friday
night. The professional bears instead of Fee-
Ing prices dip so as to afford a profit on the
short sales saw a sudden rebound, which
forced them to buy back at a loss emphasizing,
the recovery by their bidding for stocks. Evi
dently the action of the market was a sur
prise to the whole speculative world. Com
mission houses had orders to buy at the mar
ket which represented the hopes of bargain
hunters that the opening drop ir> prices would
afford a price level that would make profitable
investments. These orders were executed at
prices from 3 to 6 points higher than the pre
vious Friday's closing. This condition of
affairs added to the enormous supporting rid
ers for account of great capitalists resulted
in the over-stimulation of the market. Many
brokerage houses also had had additional or
ders to buy*' at fixed prices below the market,
which would have proved an obstacle to any
fall. . These technical causes must not be lost
eight of in Justly estimating the manner of
the recovery, although they impair the signifi
cance of the fact. Undoubtedly the opportune
relief to the money market by the Treasury
measures was a dominant factor to steadying
the market and relieving the anxiety which
had become acute. A striking contrast is
afforded by the easing conditions of the money
market this week . and the daily conferences
last week of the clearing-house authorities and
the devising of measures to meet what had
reached the proportions of a crisis. The gain
in cash from the subtreasury has been aug
mented to many millions through the redemp
tion of Government bonds, the division of In
ternal revenue collections Into bank deposits,
the anticipation of October Government inter
est payments and the normal increase in pen
sion payments incident to the mid-monthly
period. Last week's loan contraction resulting
from the liquidation in the stock market also
Fenslbly relieved the position from the banks.
The importance of early Imports of gold has
somewhat diminished in view cf thia relief
from domestic sources, but the almost hourly
expectation of gold engagements has played
its part in sustaining th$ stock market. The
fact that exchange raids have not actually
reached the profitable gold Import point, al
though one small engagement was made, is
accounted for by the less urgent pressure for
money in New York. A movement of gold to
New York Is confidently anticipated, but ex
change authorities differ widely in their opinion
of the probable volume of the movement. The
amount of this country's unliquidated credit
balance abroad has grown debatable, owing
to- our large purchases of home securities from
foreign holders and large borrowings by
American syndicates from foreign capitalists.
The recent large receipts of Australian gold
which have found their way ultimately to New
York bank reserves cuts off a customary source
of supply for London, and in fact, represents
liquidation of London obligations to New
York, thus leadening future claims. The Ausi
tro-Hungary Bank continues to buy gold in
Kuropean markets for currency purposes: The
latest estimate of the Russian loan to be taken
at Paris is $200,000,000 and German capitalists
are floating a lesser loan for Russian railroads.
The present abundance of resources from the
European banks is therefore not to be counted
upon as freed from future large obligations.
It is therefore not impossible that money market
conditions may recur when the effect of the
Treasury measures of relief begins to be lost
a *Raiiroad bonds have recovered iri sympathy
with stocks but in much less degree.
United States new 2s advanced % and the
new 4s advanced 1 per cent over last week.
Ktoek— Sales.Hlgh.Low. Close.
Atchlson 5.800 77 76% 76%
AtchuSn pfd 2.700 97% 96% 96%
Baltimore & Ohio 800 104% 103% 104%
Baltimore & O pfd 100 94 94 94
Canadian Pacific 400 111 110% 110%
Canada Southern 300 80 79% 80
Chesapeake & Ohio .... 1,100 47 46% 46%
Chicago & Alton 100 39 39 39
Chicago & Alton pfd .. 200 78 78 77%
Chi Burl & Qulncy
Chicago. Ind & Louis.... 2,000 43% 42% 42%
Chicago. Ind & L pfd 75
Chicago & East 111 126
Chicago & Great West.. 1,100 24% 23% 24%
Chi & Great W A pfd... 200 86% 86
Chi & Great W B pfd.. 100 48% 48% 48
Chi & Northwestern ; 196%
Chicago. R I & Pac. 100 143% 143% 143%
! Chi Terminal & Trans. 7.100 23% 23*4 23%
Chi Term & Trans pfd. 7,500 44% 42% 43%
C C C & St Louis 200 97% 97% 97
Colorado Southern UOO 14% 14% 14%
Col Southern 1st pfd • .... 65
Col Southern 2d pfd 25%
Delaware & Hudson 165
Del, Lack & West 225
Denver & Rio Grande. 200 48% 48% 48%
Den & Rio G pfd 400 S4% 94% 94%
Erie 33.100 43% 43% 43%
Erie 1st pfd 900 71% 71 71%
Erel 2d pfd :..- .... .... 57
Great Northern pfd .... 900 188% 1S7% 188
Hocking Valley .... 54
Hocking Valley pfd ....' 75%
Illinois Central 500 146% 146 145%
Iowa Central 100 39% 39% 33
Iowa Central pfd 72
Lake Erie & Western... 200 «7% 67% 67
L Erie & West pfd .... 100 131% 131% 131
Louisville & Nash....... 7,800 105% 104% 105%
Manhattan 29.900 123% 120 122%
Metropolitan. St. Ry 7,400 168% 165% 167%
Mexican Central 600 24% . 24% 24%
Mexican National ....... 2,700 14% 14 14%
Minn & St Louis :..;. 107%
Missouri Pacific 1,600 104% 104%" 104%
Missouri. Kansas & T.. 700 £9% 29% 29%
Mo. Kan & Texas pfd.. 400 66% • 66% 56%
New Jersey Centra* ....163
New York Central 7..... 4,500 157% 157 157%
Norfolk & Western 1,800 55% 55% 55%
Norfolk & Western pfd. 100 89% . 89% v 87
Northern Pacific : .... '-.... ....
Nor Pacific pfd 200 97% ¦ 97% 97
Ontario & Weetern .... 2.600 35% 25% 35%
Pennsylvania 4,500 146% 145% 146%
Reading 800 43 42% 42%
Reading 1st pfd 6C0 77 " , 76% 76">4
Reading 2d pfd 500 C4% 54 54
St L & San Francisco.. 200 46% 46% 46%
St L & San F 1st pfd *.... 79
St L & San Fran 2d pfd. 68%
6t Louis S'Westera 200 31% 31 31
EtLSW pfd 600 63% 63 63
St. Paul 3,700 164% :163% 163%
St. Paul pfd ..' .... ¦ .... 188%
Southern Pacific 6.900 58% S8% 58%
Southern Railway 24,100 35 -34% 34%
.FLOUR— California Family Extras, $3 25®
3 50, usual terms; Bakers* Extras, $3 15@3 23;
Oregon, $2 50@2 75 per barrel for family and
$2 75@3 for bakers'; Washington bakers*, '$2 75
@3. ' ; " v
MILLSTUFFS— Prices In sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour. $3 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, $2 75; Rye
Meal. $2 50; Rice Flour. $7; Corn Meal, $3 25:
extra cream do. $4; Oat Groats, $5; Hominy, $4
@4 25; Buckwheat Flpur, $4@4 25; Cracked
Wheat, $3 50: Farina, -. $4 50; Whole Wheat
Flour, $3 25; Rolled Oats (barrels), $6 85@8 35;
in sacks. $6 50@8: Pearl Barley,; $5; Split Teas,
$5; Green Peas, $6 50 per 100 lbs. -
Flour and Millstuffs.
The Oregon Hop crop is turning out short
Late estimates place the yield at from 60.00(1
to 65,000 bales, against 82,000 bales last year.
The Weather Bureau says that there are no
complaints of vermin or mold, but that th«:
yield is below expectations and will not exceed,
one-fourth of last year's. The secretary of th*
California State Hop-Growers' Association has;
also sent out a circular advising growers that
the crop. is short this year.
HIDES AND SKINS-Culls and brands sell
about l%c under quotations. Heavy salted
Steers, 10%c; medium. -9%c; light, 9c;» Cow
Hides. 9c for heavy and 9c for light; Stags.
6%c; Salted Kip. 9%c: Salted Veal. 10c; Salted
Calf. 10c; Dry Hides, 16@16%c; Culls, 14c; Dry
Kip. 16c; Dry Calf. 18c; Culls and Brands, 15c-
Sheepskins, sheerlings, U®30c each; short Wool
30@50c each: medium. 50@75c; long Wool. SOcSr
$1 each: Horse Hides, salt, $2 50@2 75 for large
and $2@2 25 for medium, $1 50@l 75 for small
and 50c for Colts; Horse Hides, dry, $175 for
large, $1 25^1 50 for medium. $1 25 for small and
50c for Colts. Deerskins— Summer or red skins,
35c ;. fall or medium skins, 30c; winter or thin •
skins, 20c. Goatskins— Prime Angoras, 75c;.
large and smooth, 60e; medium. 35c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 4%@4%o per lb-
No. 2, 3%@4c: grease. 2%@3c. *^ J
WOOL— Spring. 1900 or 1901— Southern, defect
ive,' 7 months. 7@8c; Oregon Valley fine, 11®
15c; do, medium and coarse, Il@l3c; Oregon
Eastern, choice, ll@13c; do. fair to good. 9®ilc :
Nevada. 10@12c . '
Fall— San Joaquln, 6%@8%c; San Joaauin
Lambs', 7%@9c. Middle County. 8@10c; North
ern Mountain free, 9@llc; do, defective. 8@9c
Humboldt and Mendoclno, ll@12c per lb
HOPS— New. 12® 15c per lb.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
CHICAGO, Sept. 2L— Wheat had a dull, heavy
market, December opening a shade higher at
71%c on steady cables, although given slack
support. The Northwest was a seller where
good harvests were reported. Under light trad-
Ing December eased off to 70%c, ¦ closing easy
%@%c. lower-, at 71c. . ¦-.';. . -
Corn was -quiet, ; with but little" outside in
terest. December opened higher, on steady
cables, but on liberal selling by local and ele
vator interests eased off. December closed firm,
%c hisrher at 58%c.
Oats developed little Interest, but prices ruled
steady with corn. December closed a shade
higher at 36%@36%c.
Provisions had a quiet ' market. Most of the
trading was for the January account, with
higher prices at the opening on Jbetter prices
for hogs, but on liberal offerings all products
eased off. January pork closed 10c lower, lard
12%@15c down and ribs 12%c lower, i
The leading futures- ranged as follows:
Chicago Grain Market.'
COTTOLENE— One half -barrel. 9%c;. three
half-barrels, 9%c; one tierce, 9%c; two tierces,
9%c; five tierces, 9%c per lb.
LARD— Tierces quoted at 7%@8c per lb for
compound' and 12c for pure; half-barrels, pure,
lC'^ic; 10-lb tins, 12%c; 5-lb tlns,12%c; 3-lb lius,
13c. ,'v ¦ ¦ . .. ' .
CURED 'MEATS — Bacon. 12c per lb for heavy
12%c for light medium, 13%c for light, 14%o for
extra light and ' 16c for sugar-cured. Eastern
sugar-cured Hams, 14®14%c; California Hams.
13%c: Mess Beef, $11 per barrel; extra Mess,
$12; Family, $12 50; prime Mess Pork, $15; extra
clear, $23; Mess, 119; Smoked Beef, 14c. per
pound. ' ¦ . ,
Pure Lard has been advanced %c, as Intimat
ed in yesterday's Call, and- Bacon and Hams
are expected to go' up any day now, as they are
very firm. In fact, local importers have al
ready paid %c advance for Hams in several
cases. . • - . , • . . ...
The Chlcaso market was off a little yester
day.- . . . - ¦ •
Provisions.
Local bank clearings gain for the week. '• •
Silver and Exchange unchanged. -
Light business on the stock exchanges.
Wheat quiet. More business in Barley futures.
Oats contract reported gone to the north.
Corn and Rye as before quoted.
Beans quiet and unsettled. /
Hay and Feedstuff s unchanged.
Oregon Potato and Hop crop said to be short.
Vegetables continue to glut the market.
Poultry dull, with large receipts. :
No change in Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Fresh Fruits continue in heavy stock.
Dried Fruits in good demand and steady.
Prices for new Walnuts fixed.
Lard advanced i-2c and Hams and Bacon expected to follow.
Meat quotations as before.
STREET RAILROADS. -
California ....130 — O S L & H... 40 — .
Geary — 60 Presidio U —
Market — 82%
POWDER.
Giant 72% 73%|Vigorit 4 VA
SUGAR.
Hana 5% 6 Kilauea 9% —
Hawaiian — 50 Makawell 23% 24
Honokaa 10% 10% Onomea — 23%
Hutchinson ... 14% 15% Paauhau ...... 10 11
MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska Pack..l3S — Oceanic 3 Co.. 47% 4Sfc
Cal Fruit Can. — 96 Pac Aux F A. S% —
Cal Wine Asn. — 93 Pac C Borax. .185 —
Mer Ex 110 — Par Paint M —
Morning Session.
Board—
15 Alaska Packers' Assa 138 12V4
25 Alaska Packers' Assa 13S 23
SO Hana Plantation Co 3 6 00
60 Hana Plantation Co (9 90) 5 75
25 Makawell 23 87*4
60 Makawell (s 30) 23 75
23 S F Gas and Electrio Co 42 «2%
30 S F Gas and Electric Co 42 75
20 Spring Valley Water 87 87%
. 40 Spring Valley Water 87 23
Street— •
1000 Honokaa Co 10 00
$2000 S P Branch Ry 5 per cent bonds 136 50
*5000 S V Water 6 per cent bonds.. .111 75
PRODUCERS* OIL EXCHANOB.
m _. - r
Morning Session.
Board— «
150 Homo 3 53
1000 Junction (s 90) 24
500 Junction 23
200 Monarch of Arizona ..." 24
600 Oil City Petroleum ' 26
20 Peerless ..".'.. 5 00 '
100 Petroleum Center .' . 03
130 San Joaquln OH & Development.... ' 8 09 •
. .- MINING STOCKS.
Following were the sales In the ' San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Mornlne Session. •
100 Chollar : 08 100 Mexican .• 20
750 Con Cal & Va.l 75 200 Ophlr ,..— 7«
10O Confidence ; 60 100 Potosi ..i. ...... 05
100 Confidence 4U 300 Silver Hill. 37
600 Hale & Norcrs. XI 300 Yellow Jacket.. 07
Following were the sales In tha Pacific Stock
Exchange yesterday: : • •--
Mornlnff Session. " .
, 300 Best & Belcher 1Z 200 Sierra Nevada. Ti
} 750 Con Cal & Va.1 73 100 Stiver Hill.:.... 33
200 Confidence 50 700 Yellow Jacket.. OH
600 Potosi 04 100O Yellow Jacket.. 0/
• CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Southern Ry pfd 2,600 89%' 89% 89%
Toledo, St L & West.... 1,000 22% . 214 22&
Toledo St L & W pfd.. 100 36 36 36
bSloSla^pfd::::::::": 900 100% 9m
Wabash i >0 00 22% 22H : 22
wS ,1 h pf , d ;-: — • L500 40% 40% 40^4
wneci^ifE^pfd!!!: .- 30 ? ;18% u * .-gs
Wisconsin Central 1,400 22% 22% 22%
Wisconsin Central pfd.. 400 44 43 43%
Express companies-
Adams • •-••.••¦•..•••.... ..... .... .'.. . 180
American ¦ 190
U 11 "^ States -100 94% 94% 93
-yrai«-F!arflro iso
Miecellaneous —
; Amalg CoEper 102,400 103% 100 .100%'
Am Car & Foundry 400 S0">4 30 29%
Am Car & Foundry pfd « 85
Am Linseed Oil .... .... 17
Am Linseed Oil pfd.... .... .... 49
Am Smelting & Refln.. • 1,600 46%' 45% 45%
Am Smelt & Refln pfd.. 3,200 98% 98 98%
Anaconda Min Co -5,700 43% 41% 42%
Brooklyn Rapid Tran.. 11,100 69% 66% 69
Colorado Fuel & Iron... 600 99% 99 99%
Consolidated Gas 300 223% 222% 223
Continental Tobacco pfd 115
General Electric 100 263% 263% 261
Glucose Sugar 2,400 19% 19 ¦ 19%
Hocking Coal • .... .... is
International Paper iCO 24% 24% 21%
International Pap pfd.. 79
International Power 100 95 95 ' 94
Laclede Gas ; 90
National Biscuit 43%-
National Lead 19%
North American ........ 600 99 98 '97%
Pacific Coast ; 64
Pacific Mail 200 41% 41% 41%
People's Gas 200 10S% 108% 108%
1 Pressed Steel Car ' ..„ 4o£
Pressed Steel Car pfd 81
Pullman Palace Car ' ....' .... 210
Republic Steel 400 15% 15% 15%
Republic Steel pfd 800 67% 67 67
Sugar ..TT 2.8P0 133% 132% 132*i
Tenn Coal & Iron 600 64 63% 63%
Union Bag & Paper Co. '.... 15%
Union Bag & P Co pfd '-¦ 70
United States Leather.. 600 13 12% 12%
United States Leath pfd 60O 81% 81% 81V.
United States Rubber.. 200. 18% 18% IS "
United States Rub pfd ....^53
United States Steel 12.S00 43% 43% ¦ 43%
United States Steel pfd. C.700 94% 93% 93%
Western Union 300 92% 92% 92%
347,600 Shares, sold.
. NEW YORK BONDS.
U S ref 2s reg....lO8% Hocking Val 4%s..l0«%
Do coup 109 L. & N Uni 4s.... .101%'
Do 3s reg 108 Mex Cent 4s 85'
Do coup 108 Do 1st inc 33
Do new 4s reg — 139 Minn & StL 4s 102%
Do coup 139 M K & T 4s 98%
Do old 4s. reg 112 Do 2ds 83
Do coup 113 N Y Cent lsts 105%
Do 5s reg 108 Do gen 3%s 107
Do coup 108 N J Cent gen 5s... 130
Atch gen 4s 104% Nor Pac 4s .......104%
Do adjt 4s 97% Do 3s 72%
B & O 43 103% Nor& W con -4s. ..102%
Do 3%s 94% Reading Gen 4s.... 95%
Do conv 4s 107 S L & I M con 5S.116
Canada So 2ds ....106 S L & S F 4s 95
I Cent of Ga 5s.. ...107 St L S W lsts.. 97%
. Do 1st inc 82 Do 2ds 7&V.
C & O 4%s .........105% S A & A P 4s 86%
C & A 3%s 85 So Pac 4s ........ 92 !
C B & Q new 4e.. 96% So Ry 5s 116%
: C M & S P gen 4s.llO% Tex & Pac lsts. ...119
C & N con 7s 140 T St L & W 4s 84%
C R I & P 4s 106 U P 4s .......105%
C C C & St L g 4S.102 Do conv. 4s 107%
Chicago Term 4s.. 94 W'nbash lsts 119
Colo & So 4s ...... 87% Do 2ds 110%
D & R G 4s 102% Do deb B 63i,i
Erie prior lien 4s.. 98 West Shore 4s ....113%
Do gen 4s 88% W & L E 4» 91 •
Ft W & D C lsts.102% Wis Cent 4s ....'.. 8S%
NEW YORK MINING STOCKS.
Adams Qon 20 Little Chief 12
Alice 47 Ontario 12 50
Breece 1 40 Ophir 75
Brunswick Con.... 00 Phoenix ........... 08
Comstock Tunnel. ..06% Potosi ;. 02
Con Cal & Va 1 70 Savage ...;... 01
Deadwood Terra .'. 50 Sierra Nevada. .... 17
Horn Silver 1 75 Small Hopes 40
Iron Silver 61 Standard 3 25
j Leadvllle Con .... 05
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money — [Union Pacific ....100%
Call loans .-. 5<g>6 Union Land .. 3H
JTime loans 5(g;6 West End 93%
Stocks—. Westingh Elec 71&
A T & St Fe...... 76% Mining Shares-
Do prefd ...;.... 96% Adventure .;-. 26
Amer Sugar ..; 132% Blngrham Min Co.. 35 "
Amer Tel ..... 164% Amat Copper: .....100%
Boston. & Albany. .257 Atlantic 35
Boston' L 173 Calumet & Hecla..72O
Boston & Maine. .192 Centennial ..... 23
Dominion Coal 45 Franklin 18%.
U S Steel 43"* Humboldt 40
Do prefd 93V> Osceola ..104%.
Fltchburg prefd. ..143Vi Parrott .............. 47%
Gen Elec 263% Santa Fe Copper.. 6 -
Mexican Cent ...24 Tamarack ..330
N E Gas & Coke.. 6% Utah Mining 25
Old Colony 206% Winona 2%
Old Dominion .... 30%
CALL BOARD SALES.
¦Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— No sales.
Second Session— December— 2000 ctls, ! 69%c;
4000. 69c; 10,000. 68V4c; 2000. 68%c. May— 2000,
71c. ¦ . v
Regular Morning Session— December — 4000
ctls, 68V4c; 4000, 67%c; 16,000, G8c. ¦•' -
OATS— Yesterday's market was lifeless and
depressed, owing to a rumor that the 4000-ton
Government order had gone up north. Other
wise there was nothing new. . ¦
Grays, $1 10@l 20; whites. Jl 10@l 30; black,
90c@$l 10. and red. $1 05@l 20 per. ctl. .
CORN — There was nothing new, either here
or at Chicago, except that the latter market
was firm, with some foreign acceptances.
Eastern is quoted to arrive in bulk at $1 62%
for White, $1 52% for Yellow and $150 for
mixed. .
RYE— 75@77%c per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— Nominal: none In first hands.
r Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— December— 2000
Ctls.,93%c; 16.000, 99M-C. . ¦ ¦'¦
¦ Second Session — No sales. . . .
Regular Morning Session-f-December— 2000 ctls,
99%c.
•BARLEY— There is more '¦ activity on call,
but at lower prices. • The spot market is un
changed.
Feed, 73%@75c for choice bright. 72%c for No.
1 and 70c for off grades; Brewing and Shipping
grades, S0@S5c; Chevalier, 95c@$l 05 per ctl.
CALL BOARD SALES.
.. WHEAT — Liverpool was firm. The French
markets . were closed, the day being a "holiday.
Chicago ¦ was quiet and steady, with net
much ¦speculation. There was a good demand
for spot wheat, ! however. News from the Ar
gentine, was contradictory, .some advices say
ing that the crop was suffering- from drought'
and - others that it was looking well. .
This market was 'dull and featureless.
Spot Wheat— Shipping, 95@96*4c; milling, 98%c
@J1 02% per ctl. ¦••.¦ .• . . ¦ ' •
Wheat and Other Grains
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL
New York Exchange, telegraphic — ' 12%
Silver, per ounce ;.; — - - B8V4
Mexican Dollars, . nominal 47 © , ... iVfr
DRIED FRUITS;
The market for evaporated apples ruled rather
quiet and about steady. | State, common to
good,- 5@8c; rrime, -8*4@S%c; choice, 9c; fancy,
9%@9%c. . • . ¦ ' . '
California dried fruits were dull but about
steady at old prices." '¦ • .... . • -^ •
PRUNES— 3% @7c. ¦ .•
APRICOTS— Royal, 8%@13c; Moorpark, 8@12o.
" PEACHES— Peeled. U@18c; unpeeled, 6@9&c.
6%c; mild, quiet ; Cordova, 7%@llc Futures
closed steady. 5@10 points net lower. Total
sales. 16,000 bags. Including:; September. 4.90c;
October, 4.95c; November, 5.00c; December,
6. 15c ; January, 5. 25c ; March, 5. 40@5. 45c ; May,
5I55@5. 60c; July, 5.70c' ¦•"¦ ¦¦•¦•. \-'-. '
..SUGAR— Raw, steady; fair refining, ¦ 3%c;
centrifugal, 96 test, . 3%c; molasses sugar,
2 13-16C Refined, steady; No. 6, 4.65c; No. 7,'
4.55c; No. 8, . 4.45c; No. 9 r 4.40c; No. 10, 4.35c;
No. 11. 4.30c; Nos. 12. 13 and 14, 4.20c; Standard
A, 5.05c; confectioners*. A, 5.05c; mold A, 5.60c;
cut loaf,' 5.75c; crushed, - 5.75c; powdered, 5;35c;
granulated. 6.25c; cubes,- 5.50c*. :-....
BUTTER— Receipts, 1358 packages. State
dairy. 14@20c; creamery. 15@21%c; "June' packed
factory. 14*£@15%c. -•- •.--¦. : -.., ;. :
EGGS — Receipts. 6740 packages. *". Firm ; : West
ern, candled, 18V*@19%c; Western, uncandled,
15%c. ___ „ •__ ..
8(g>12*4c for standard to fancy Moorparks;
Evaporated Apples. 7@8c: sun dried. 4@4V4c;
Peaches, -6@8c; Pears, 7@9c; Plums, pitted. 4@
5%c; unpltted. l@2c; Nectarines, 5@6c- for red
and 5%@6>>ic for white; Figs, 3%@3%c for black.
PRUNES— New crop are quoted as follows, on
the basis of 3%@3%c for the four, sizes: 30-40's,
5%©5%c;' 40-50's, 5@5*4c: 50-60* s, '4%@4%c;
60-70's, 4@4%c: 70-80*s. 3M>@3%c; 80-90's. 3@3*4c;
90-100' s. 2> / 4@2%c per lb. Old crop are being
cleaned ud at 3@3Uc for the four. sizes.
RAISINS — Are cleaned up and nominal
NUTS— Walnuts. No. 1 softshell. 9*£c; No. 3.
7%c; No. 1 hardshell, 9c; No. 2, 7c; Almonds.
13@14c for papershell. • 10@llc for softshell and
5@6c fcr hardshell; Peanuts, 5@7c for Eastern;
Brazil Nuts, 12@12%c: Filberts, 12@12%c; Ps
cans, ll@13c: Cocoanuts, $3 50<E5.
HONEY— Comb, 12@12%c for bright and 10®
12c for light amber; water white extracted, 5V4
@6c; light amber extracted. 4%@5c; dark. 4@
4%c. ¦ ¦ • ¦ •
. BEESWAX— 25@2Sc per lb.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 22, 1901.
Foreign Futures.
September. 1901.
B. JM. T. W. T. | F. | 8. Maon'g plm«g.
1 JS 4 ~~5 8 T ((T September S.
— i Last Quarter.
-lJ-H.2L2L2L2Lto September 12."
13 16 17 IS 19 » 21 " New Moon.
_fi JL Ji JL iL _?L JL FirsMftiarte^,
29 30 • /C3v September 27.
W Full Moo>i.
££*£ 1 f If i |l !~ I
STOCK MARKET.
31
#W FOR SALE OR EXCHANGE 4*feSv
A^ FOR HORSES, two. four and S^£^>»
six horse wagons, wheel. Fresno. . slip and
buck scrapers, road plows, all sizes, stabls
tents, etc. FRED H. CHASE & CO.. 1732 Mar-
ket st. S. F.
£3* Don't Forget Our Regular Auction Sales
At 1140 Folsom street EVERY TUESDAY. 11
a. m.. of all classes of Horses. Wagons, Sur-
reys. Buggies. Carts and 100 Sets of New and
Second-hand Harness.
AUCTION SALESWASHINGTON. Sept. 21.— Senor Que
eada. the special Commissioner from
Cuba, accompanied by Senor Tamayo, the
Secretary of State of Cuba, under the
Insular Government, and by Dr. Mifan
<3cl. called upon Secretary Hay to-day.
They expect to leave for Havana to-mor
row night. The delegation is making an
effort to further the cause of reciprocity.
Cubans Call on Secretary Hay.
AMUSEMENTS.
AUCTION SALES.
California— "A Texas Steer. 1 '-
Grand Opera-house— '"Richelieu."
Columbia— "A Modern Crusoe."
Orpheuns— Vaudeville.
Central— "Little Lord Fauntleroy." :
Alcazar— "The Taming, of the Shrew."
Tivoli — "Carmen."
Chutes, Zoo' and Theater— Vaudeville • every
afternoon and evenln?.
Fischer' s— Vaudeville.
Recreation Park— Baseball.
Sutro Baths— Open nights.
Union Coursing Park— Coursing to-day.
EmeryvMe Park— Races to-morrow.
By F H- Chase & Co. — To-morrow, Horses,
Wagons etc.. at 1732 Market street.
Horses. Wagons. Etc.— Tuesday. September 24,
at 11 o'clock, at 1140 Folsom street.
Bv G H Cmbsen & Co.— Monday. October 7.
at i2 o'clock. Crooks Estate Properties, at 14
Montgomery street.
TRENTON. N. J., Sept. 21.— The Quaker
Oats Company with capital stock of '$12,
000,000, divided into $8,000,000 paying 6 per
cent cumulative dividend and $4,000,000
common, was incorporated i here to-day.
The company is to deal In cereals and
cereal products of all kinds.: 1
Great Cereal Company Formed.
SIXTEEN OPERATORS
ON A SINGLE CIRCUIT
French Academy of Sciences Receives
Report on a New Telegraphic
Invention.
PARIS. Sept. 21.— The Academy of Sci
ences has heard a report on a telegraphic
invention recently made by M. Mercadier
of L'Ecole Polytechnlque,' It combines a
multiple with the Baudet apparatus so
as to enable sixteen operators to work
simultaneously on the same circut.
CALL BUREAU, 1406 G STREET, N.
•W., WASHINGTON, Sept. 21.— Far more
satisfactory than any of its friends had
dared to hope for is the outlook for nego
tiations and the ratification of a new
Hay-Pauncef ote treaty between this coun
try and Great Britain covering the con
struction of an interoceanic canal. The
Call is authorized to say:
"The State Department is greatly en
couraged to believe that it will be able
to make* a treaty embodying all the ideas
agreed to by the Senate and at the same
time satisfactory to the President and to
Great Britain."
• This statement means much, because
Secretary Hay has never been optimistic
regarding the success of the treaty after
it was laid aside by the Senate near the
close of the long session of Congress in
the spring of 1S00. . The subsequent amend
ment of the treaty last winter in such a
manner as to require the defense of the
canal by American fortifications, thus de
stroying the principle of neutrality, led to
the rejection of the convention by the
British Foreign Office. Since then the
work of negotiating a new treaty has
been actively under way.
Senators who had been hostile to the
first treaty partly because they had not
been consulted were all Interviewed and
their ideas obtained as to what they would
stand out for. Then there were long talks
between Secretary Hay and Lord Paunce
fote, the British Embassador, followed by
the departure of the latter for home to
consult his Government. What has hap
pened since that time has indicated that
speedy progress Trill be made.
Indeed, the impression given here is that
the British Government is assuming much
the same position that it occupied when
the first treaty was being drawn and that
it is showing • a disposition to give the
United States everything it wants within
reason. There is high authority for the
statement that there is as. yet no draft of
the perfected treaty. The negotiations
¦that have- been in progress through the
summer have been confined to a series of
notes, and the document will not be put
in form until Lord Pauncefote returns to
this country. He will return next month,
and the .work of preparing the treaty will
at once begin, at the State Department.
All signs now point to the acceptance of
the treaty by the Senate. .
President Roosevelt will do everything
in his power to bring about this result.
SiJecial Dispatch to The Call,
The Times, wMle it has no misgivings
as to the final issue, accuses the home
authorities of lack of organized, .sustained
effort, of a disposition to postpone mili
tary for financial considerations and of
failure to grasp the moral and intellectual
damage which the prolongation of the
struggle inflicts upon the empire. Other
Ministerial supporters aver that precious
months which should have been sDent in
preparing for another campaign were
wasted in electioneering- and that Lord
Kitchener has not been supplied with the
requisites.
THE HAGUE, Sept. 21.-Baron von
Lynden, the Minister of Foregn Affairs,
has forwarded to the legations and mem
bers of the Council of the Court of Arbi
tration a copy of the Boer appeal for ar
bitration, with a notification that he in
tends to bring up the appeal for consid
eration at the first meeting of the Coun
cil. The date of the meeting is- not
fixed.
The Government's publication of these
reverses causes an outburst of exaspera
tion against the conduct of the war, not
in South Africa, but by the Ministry. The
creat Ministerial journals accuse the Gov
ernment of trying to run the war "on the
cheap" by not providing Lord Kitchener
with sufficient resources.
British. Are Indignant.
The situation is singruularly like the
opening of the war two years ago, the
names of the same places recurring in
the dispatches. Utrecht, where Major
dough was entrapped, was the scene of
a similar ambuscade eighteen months
back. Acton Homes, where the Boers yes
terday reappeared, is eighteen miles
southwest of Ladysmith, prominent in the
early hostilities, and the Xatal Colonials
are mustering- for the defense of the Tu
pela. as when General Joubert invaded
Natal in 1S99. In Cape Colony fighting is
again going on south of Stormberg, in ter
ritory traversed by raiders and their pur
suers half a dozen times.
While Kruger and Dr. Leyds are draw
ing up petitions to President Rdosevelt
and tne Czar, asking them to intervene,
the Pghting Boers are helping themselves
in South Africa by, celebrating the expira
tion of "the period in which lx>rd KUchener
proclaimed they must surrender, by lour
notable successes, killing sixty-eignt of
ficers and men, wounding sixty-three and
capturing five guns and three hundred
men.
Whence Come the Horses?
Where, too, do the Boers get their
horses? The number which the Britisn
are reported to have captured during
even the last six or eigtit months is enor
mous, yet the Boers seem still to have no
lack of remounts. One would imagine the
world did not contain such a large supply
of horseflesh as has been us'etl up during
the present war, for horses cannot be
made in a comparatively brief period like
ammunition. • • . • _ ..
This news was- in two separate : dis
patches from .Lord Kitctiener, reporting'
surprises and defeats inflicted .by Boers'
on the British forces,.. showing how the
Boers ar« determined, more than ever,
perhaps, to tight to the bitter end. That
they are far Irom being done yet is evi
dent to every ordinary man.
Xothing in connection with the war has
been racne amazing than tne manner in
which tne Boers are abie to keep uptneir
euppiy of ammunition. If. one considers
the extraordinary amount of this wnich
has t>een tired oif since the start of the
war and recalls the millions of rounas
which, according to war correspondents,
axe being captured well nigh daily when
no single cartridge has been supposed tu
make its way into tne country irom .out-
Bide sources since the start of the war,
one cannot but think it, to say tne least,
rather curious if not amazing.
LOKDOX, Sept.' 21.— Following: the ex
piration of the time left to the. Boers .for
surrender after- Lord .Kitchener's proc
lamation, the news which arrived from,
London on Tirursday rather tended to'
divert public attention from the last sad.
rites being performed here as well as in
America in connection with President Me-;
Kinlej-'s funeral. V ' ." -I
Special .Dispatch to. The Call, j
Boer Methods to Get Ammu
nition and Horses Inex
plicable. '. •
Preparation to Begin When
Pauncefote Arrives Next .
Month.
Prolongation of the War
Causes Bitter Criti
cism.
State Department Conn
dent It Will Be Sat
isfactory.
BRITONS WROTH
AT MINISTRY
CANAL TREATY
WELL ASSURED
CHICAGO, Sept. 21.— The George H.
Phillips Company, with $500,000 capital, 20
per cent paid up, was formed here to-day
with the former "Corn King" as presi
dent.' The plan to form a company, of the
creditors of the old company was recent
ly abandoned. Phillips owns twenty -five
per cent of. the stock of the new com
pany. He will draw a salary as president
and manager of the new concern and
stated to-day, that whatever dividend his
stock paid him would be applied on the
debts of the defunct company.
Former "Corn. Zing's" Corporation
DENVER, Sept. 21.— A special to the
News from Battle Lake. Wyo., a mining
town, says forest fires are rasing inside
the city limits and that at least a part of
the town is doomed. Every man, woman
and child still in the place is fighting- the
fire, though hundreds have fled to the
hills for safety. One mining shaft house
ha<? already burned with a number of
smaller buildings. The fire is five miles
wide and is being driven by a wind blow-
Ing at forty miles an hour.
GREAT FOREST FIRE
SWEEPS ON" A TOWW
application for a writ of habeas corpus
will tie filed in the United States District
Court this afternoon for the release of
Peter C. Demlng.late captain of volun
teers, from the Federal prison. He was
sentenced by a court-martial to five >ears
for defrauding the Government. The
Judge reserved his decision.
. Representative Livingstone of Georgia
was especially pleased with his reception.
The Georgia Representative had con
gratulated the President, had expressed
tho hope that his administration would, be
a success, and had informed him that as a
Southern man and a Georgian he would
contribute everything in his power to that
end. The President replied: that it would
be hJs aim to be the ' President of ' the
whole people, without regard to geograph-
Ica. lines or class distinction; that it was
the welfare of all which he should seek
to promote. ' . . ¦ . ¦ ' . v
- The President was even more emphatic
To the Minnesota . Representatives the
President recalled the fact that it was in
their 1 State he had made his last . public
utterances as .Vice President, and that in
that "confession of faith," as he charac
terized it, he committed himself to the
policy of McKinley, to which he pledged
his adherence upon assuming the respon
sibilities of his office at-Buffalo. :
Indorses McKinley's Policy.
Among them were" Senators Scott and
Elkins of West Virginia, Senators Pritch
ard of North Carolina, Millard of Ne
braska and Burton of Kansas, and Repre
sentatives Heatwole, McCleary and
Stephens of Minnesota, Gibson of Ten
nessee, Livingstone of Georgia and Day
ton of West Virginia. All were delighted
with the reception accorded them. Sen
ators Elkins and : Scott congratulated the
President upon the decision he had made
when he took the oath of office: •¦ ;
'T?hat simple declaration," said Senator
Scott,. "immediately restored confidence in
the business, world." . • • .
Secretary Hay and Secretary Gage came
almost upon his heels and saw the Presi
dent for a few minutes in the Cabinet
room. The doors of the White House
were closed to the public, but admission,
of course, was accorded to those who de
sired to see the President personally, and
within an hour a score of men prominent
in public life had called to pay their re
spects and to extend their good wisnes for
a successful administration.
WASHINGTON, . Sept. a.— President
Roosevelt walked early to the • White
House to-day from the residence of his
brother-in-law. Commander Cowles of the
navy, arriving shortly before 9:30 o'clock.
President Gives Pleasur
able Assurance to
Lawmakers.
NO SECTIONS,
SAYS ROOSEVELT
Convicted Captain "Wants Belease.
LEAVENWORTH, ¦ Kans., Sept.- 21.— An
The. other passengers jumped Into tha
river and escaped with only slight In
juries. The boat was the A. C. Barney
and was propelled by gasoline, which
escaped and ignited, causing the ex
plosion. The boat was destroyed. Every
body has not yet been accounted for, and
it is feared that there may have been
some passengers drowned.
The explosion occurred Just after the
boat was loaded with passengers from tha
morning train at Palestine. The latest re
port from there states that nobody was
killed, but the following- were seriously
and perhaps fatally injured: Captain
Webb 'of Parkersburg, A. P. Woodyard,
Harvey Thorn and H. H. Hopkins, all of
Palestine.
PARKERSBURG, W. Va., Sept 21.- A
gasoline ferry-boat running between
Elizabeth and Palestine, on the Little.
Kanawha River, blew up to-day.
The Comptroller, expresses his apprecia
tion of the successful endewors of .Mr.
Cromwell: and . the others connected with
the 'reorganization of the bank.The bank,
it is stated,* t when reorganized under either
of these plans will have on deposit, when
it opens its- doors a sufficient amount in
cash to pay, all depositors and other cred
itors in' full and leave an unimpaired cap
ital'of upward of $1,500,000.
In order to carry out the I first plan,
which is the one preferred by the com
mittee, . one or two minor adjustments
now in progress with stockholders will
have to be made before it can be effective,
but the second plan has been agreed to if
such adjustments are not made, in order
to make certain the payment of depositors
in full.. ¦ I
WASHINGTON, Sept. 21.— William Nel
son Cromwell, counsel - for the reor
ganization committee of the Seventh Na
tional Bank of New York, accompanied
by E. K. Stallo and Forest Rayner, re
ceiver of that bank, called at the office of
Comptroller Dawes to-day and submitted
to the Comptroller a plan for' the read
justment of the affairs of the bank, under
authority of which the depositors will be
paid in full, with Interest, as quickly as
the legal requirements can be complied
with, which will be but a few weeks. One
million seven hundred and twenty-five
thousand dollars in cash has been sub
scribed, over $1,500,000 of which has al
ready been paid Into tl\e hands of the
committee. • ......
The reorganization committee has pre-^
sented two alternative plans for reorgani
zation, both of which have been approved
by the Comptroller. The decision as to
the one which shall be followed will be
determined by the committee within the
next week. One plan provides for the re
organization of the present bank under a
new name with an increased capital of
not less than $1,500,000. The other plan
provides for the practical accomplishment
Of the same end through the organization
of a new bank, which will purchase, with
the approval of the 'United States court,
the assets of the Seventh National Bank
at a figure which will enable it to pay its
liabilities in full.
Ferry-Boat Blows Up on
the Little Kanawha
v River. .
Plans for Adjustment of
Seventh National
V Affairs.
MEN INJURED
IN EXPLOSION
WRECKED BANK
TO REORGANIZE
in his declaration to Senator Pritchard of
JSorth Carolina and Representative Klutz
of North Carolina, and Representative
Gibson of Tennessee.
Assurance From the South.
"The South will support you most heart
ily," Senator Pritchard had said, speak
ing for all three of the Southern men.
'The Democratic newspapers are predict
ing for you success, and the feeling of all
the people for you, irrespective of party,
is most kindly."
"I am going: to be President of the
United States, and not any section," re
plied the President. "I don't care for
sections or sectional lines. When I was
Governor of New York I was told I
could make four appointments In the
army. When I sent in the names there
were three from the South and the other
from New York. '.They -were brave men,
who deserved recognition for. services in
the Spanish war, and it did not matter
what States they were from."
-..The President talked . in the same vein
with Senator Money of Mississippi when
the latter called. Senor Quesada and Gen
eral Nunez, Governor of Havana Province,
both members of the Cuban Constitutional
Convention, called 'to pay their respects.
They talked briefly witn the President
about Cuban, affairs. General Leonard
Wood, Governor General of Cuba, was
present during this interview.
The President returned to, the White
House about 3 o'clock, but' saw. no callers
during the hour he remained here. - At 4
o'clock he went out for a horseback ride
with General Wood. ' ' •• .¦¦-:•
Secretary Cortelyou to-day was busily
engaged in collecting - the papers ! of the
late President, and Mrs. McKInley's maid
was in . the private apartments of the
White House packing the personal effects
of her mistress.' All the personal prop r
erty of the late : President and Mrs. Mc-
Kinley will be. removed from the "White
House early next week, and upon the re
turn " of Mrs. Roosevelt from Oyster Bay
next Wednesday the -President and his
family will take up their abode in the Ex
ecutive Mansion.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 22, 1901.
32
I Friedman's Furniture j
I In every house I
I There is at least one room where a low priced car- |
\ pet is the most economical «and most appropriate. I
'f Tapestry Bruessels is the best of them all for looks i
I and wear. This week we are offering I
1 TanP^tPV RpflCCpIc Three nice patterns that sell reg-CAp |
i I apt/Ml y Dl U33^I5 ubrIy for 75 cents a yard for-OUt I
1 T^flOCtri/ RrilCColc' Three choice patterns that sell 7Kr 1
a idinftiry Brussels resularIyfor$I oo a yardfor _/ oc |
g In S. F., Oakland, Alameda or Berkeley we'll measure your rooms, sew, H
a line and lay on your floor those carpets, in our best manner at above prices a
k >^^^^^^^^^^^§ Two especially attractive §
Patterns, in any quantity, |
of a quality that usually I
i^^^^^f^XT^ sells for 6o ce nts a yard, ' §
t^^^v^jfjic^K^^^^^w this week for a.c cent<; II
lV/Tri +** 4-1 p A mantle drape is a most effec- I
IVJLdll Llt^ tive embellishment — often a I
I necessary one where the mantle I
I Ur^OCS 1S . ° Ut ° f harmon y- A n elegant 1
K 1 line of rich silk mantle drapes, 1
many shades and patterns, as low as $2.50 each. I
««The Credit House." Six Stories High. a
Another ' carload of Call
Premium Atlases left Chicago j
Thursday, September 12. They
will arrive in this city, and be
ready for distribution . about •
September 23. , ,
J Every Call subscriber is en- *
titled . to a '; copy of j this fine ' _
book at the premium price of
$ 1 .50. - None but CALL read-
ers are entitled to the Atlas.
CALL ATLASES
WILL SOON BE
READY FOR ALL
LOOK FOR OUR
¦ |..,SPECIAL SALE... |
t IN THIS PAPER
1 TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 24, 1901 |
GOLDEN GATE CLOAK AND SUIT BOUSE
1230-1232-11234 Market Street. 'ii£&i*r
t ! ; — '. J
Hale's.
Hale's.
Hale's.
Hale's.
Hale's.
Men's Niffht Shirts 42C. W^^O^-^ latest Pillow Tops 50c now shown (by wnght.
1 " VO 4^f. #a /^ «^S They lust came in by express yesterday, shown for the first time to-mor-
Muslin. • ; .¦ : : ¦: . v /Mf /jW (^^/^^(i^^J^flBj fow You know we're ahead of everybody else in pillow tops.
Full size and length: prettily trimmed in blue and red. It's a good, ser- /Sly ./*¦/ . >cas5*^ The four subjects by this famous artist are: „
viceable garment, and at this price is a rare value. The twenty-five dozen t WY —~~^?^ "Golf as It Is Played. 1 " "Music Hath Charms.
can't last long. : ¦¦.-¦¦ >^^OiOflm GOOD^*^ 0^ "Good Luck." "Her First Dip.
Wew Laces and
stit^eJSSv^' 5 / Ik - tUcked and hcm - V.^HBk' I * .(-•'; WILL BE SHOWN THIS WEEK.
The plain silks, before. waists are begun, cost |ji^#^% At last we are read y to show y° u a11 the clever things to make your dress look pretty. It's
more than_ $3.45.- Here you get all this tucking OljF %/$ the fourth exhibit of the Fashion series we've planned this me nth. Millinery was first; then dress
nothing^ The^ar^said he'd work forglory^fo^k ;^5« ' goods,' and last week it was women's suits and wraps. It's enterprise women like,
while at first in order to open up relations with • £*. Y' Having the right things— having plenty of them; having them early and having room enough to spread them
Hale's California stores. He said he'd make these . \flj\ l ' out > are big advantages in Hale's favor this September.-
waists OF SUCH HIGH-GRADE ; SILK, SO - J*i"S^^ ¦ -'- — — ¦
STYIilSH AND SO. INEXPENSIVE, that" Wd . " _.._~ THE I*ACES embrace the choicest and rarest creations ever seen— Parisian novelties of highest order. The
be sure to buy from him again. '.' m^ifMtWll\\kMim^h -Fillet.Net, with square mesh, stands first (ecru and black); then Galoons in every width; then Cnantilhes and
It's so much more for the money than we ever WBIMIMll^i ' % "* SSfj t abundance " And » riccd on
K^SPth?^ from Appliques, b ,ack and
found l5tn\^£rA P ' I ««^W^f 11 white with' or without the new torpedo effect. By the way, this new Torpedo Style is the thing this season.
iuuuu up iu biduudru. , r,j «£ h jg^^&gMl SI The braid is heavy in center, tapering to ends, and is twisted on the net into many striking ways. Spangles are in great
Our cloak chief is a silk waist expert. He says|j| gq, 1 ((PSs^I^^^u^li favor and great variety^ here. •
You'll get as much for • ilil^^^wll n/i •>. \ '• &M "7" *,t r^-n -
Wa* IllJi^P^ Magnificent Showing of. New Silks.
¦I W$8iliP^~^\ NEW TINSEL LOUISENE, 81.25-It has a beautiful ELEGANT PRINTED WAEP SILKS. S1.7.>-Printed
<*^ V J$%W^ X sheen, the colorings are soft and rich- one of the season's on a- Louiscne ground: it's one of the new Indistinct figure
as you usuallyget.for $5.00 ' £?.«/£ ¦ > tar""* 8 ' but priced In the most reas ° nable y - *¦* a f&V i^&£ 1 &^r™o^& t^£*^ llit *' k ' ott
Black, and seven best colors. Every size from J FANCY CORDED SILK. S1.0O-A very pretty style but A : LOUISENE NOVELTY. $1 .50-Ifs a style that will .be
32 to44 - , ¦ — ••-.• . xv Tr Th ir u r^ ¦¦^^^^^^¦^^i^JSR^S'^
Extraordinary • • • with two-color stripes, with raised cord in both colors. . a perfectly distinct sheen to the folds when made up into
Ribbo^i^i5, 0 ,^^-... ,,BlacV Goods-Rarer Values Than Ever.
AH OUr making such a stir with in the last month: ¦ , 1>1J^9J i£^t E F B n? 3 5 S S5< xT 50 inch ? a: iV * one of the new SPONGED- AND-SHRTJNK CHEVIOTS Sl.OO-W laches
f* i," !• Choice stvles hut herau^ wp haven't verv much of weaves-that will be much worn this fall. and winter. It wide; rain won't hurt it. It's closely woven fabric, dyed
broken lines styles but Decause we. navent very I »J«'»V« comes in a deep, rich black, soft finish. One of our best a splendid black.
ir-lncinrt any one thing is nothing against them. The ribbons values 85c - ""«>"- «^ne CHEVIOT 5Oc— Every thread wool, firmly woven, a splen-
ClUfc>ing out. | are what you'd choose from any regular stock for a figtjrED BLAOK GOODS Sl.OO TO «2.T5-Our stock -Md weight, good dye and flniah. An exceptional value at
half and two-thirds more. Thus of novelties is broad and exclusive. There are so many GRANITE' SUITING 50c— One of the new weaves for fall
Th^cp Tflt*^** Ac4-rknictiin6 Dmrec new fancy, weaves and stylish effects, figures both small which wears well and looks good. Comes in a beautiful
1 UC8W * 111 CC /-*»LU!lII»IlIIIg rUvtO and medium and large. It's worth your while to see them. | black and luster finish.
demand your immediate attention. The reductions noted are from our own , __ m t
prices, which to begin with were under the average. , i_O I OfPli I lf*P66 linn/lCssA RnJitlfvAT l\JA\H7flPkCC
p- The very highest quality cf DOUBLE-FACED SATIN and SATIN AND V/ 1 VJ1 WU Ul VO^ VjUUlJ.O .T\ DU 5.1 II Lj' Ul llOY 11 C^^
v -**-' helio. navy, salmon, etc. S Some 2600 yards that last week WINTKR GREITAjIUNES 9Oc— One of the most effective CH1AELK LINE SUITINGS Sl.OO— They're much in vogue
were selling at 15c and 20c. "While they're new and you want them we mark . of the new weaves for fall and winter costumes. "We have for fall street wear. We have them in a large assortment
them at this ridiculous price, to-morrow and while they last, 5c a yard. it in all the popular shades; 48 inches t wlde. : • of .modest colorings; 44 inches.
7 4 For regular ISc and 25c ribbons, No. 12 SATIN AND GROS GRAIN, and -pATCrrv PTTT?VTfMT«s «inn q m ««^ »a .i,™ B t «. ?• SATIN PANNE OLOTH *2.75-So«t, velvetllke surface.
f* Nos 22 and 30 DOUBLE-FACED SATIN- also an extra fine quality of xAJMCY CHEVIOiTS SI .OO— Sponged and shrunk; that's One of the exclusive things for falL Makes swell cos-
2^ N A S FFETA RIBBON, fn stch^oodshadesas "navy.'brown. Sapphire. a^rtm^nro^colorinls^fe taSks™" 8 *' In * complete tumes - , deluded in the collrings are the new greens, rose,
heliotrope, gray, tan. etc.; 1880 yards thlt we've never sold less than 18c and 25c, assortment of colorings, 56 Inches. . porcelain, tobac. national blue; 50 inches,
marked to-morrow morning for the first time 7%c a yard. . . —m—m—mm^* ¦*¦¦^mmmm—mmmmm—mmm— -****—**—**,
tS\ For 23c ribbons, and they're the very best quality SATIN AND GROS . ' • " v . ¦
B«lP Grain, nearly three inches wide; also Nos. 40 and CO FINE HEAVY u -w**""*^^^ — """X . - <u o /r J *J*SKHBfekJ$S>-
l\J?K, TAFFETA; also No. 60 PURE SILK LOUISENE ribbons, with silk yV r V 1 W&F'f£& Ss
corded polka dots. Colors in this lot are salmon-pink, green, lilac, navy, tan, f . s— =^3,^ M1J I X^^'N^S. -^ffltir^StyPwCrtr^Wl A/ -\
gray and a few pieces of cardinal. The cheapest ribbon in the lot is worth 23c; I . /^£/7i\ ' '*>y /. ////' v^vV ¦\ ' !/V k&%&&V&t{WJ&KI s^ >v — *N J
you find many of them that are worth 3Sc. All one price Monday for the first J- ffi- hi Lli' / // /'.V\\\ V\U^^ A{ ''Wz&^'jtffljr'JBl /
Tapestry Pillow Slips 55c. (j^^<d urnm!^ %^^jjm ( 'Wy^p^h
Look designs (both sides alike)— trimmed with a heavy tassel «5», — '• < *^v)fe-^^V^^^>>^ ?^M^ (// 'll^«3£^^> -r > X* V/l
|||^ at each corner. Old rose, bluette, cardinal, green, etc. \. "^ J&Ei*''^^S^- : - '¦¦ :: -l^Z // *f» OO \ "" W£$$L\ Or— "^5fl \^
$l»50 tOpS. i t ' s one 0 { t h c many things in the Art Department MUB&r*^ v4^ V—^^ \\
~ r " ¦ " you won't find any place else. ' T/t .
m _ \ ¦ ¦>'¦¦¦¦ . ¦ Very Important. ,
PQ%^fel Mention of Ready =to=Wear Hats.
-~~~". . . ...• J^vC^X?^ . This is^ t0 be e reatest season of a11 for ready-to-wear millinery. You would think so by the amount of hats
r.^^Xf£L^Z>' ) • weve got. The variety is as broad and safe as human knowledge with plenty of capital can make it.
Every woman will want a ready-to-wear hat, and no woman cares to choose from a narrow selection or from
n f*P» <lf Pino* Q ci 1 p Ns \S- VAj .doubtful styles. That's why we've been so careful to get so much of everything to see that it is all correct and as fairlv i
VJ1 ydfe IV***£»> *^c»iv' \ [ $y priced as it is possibleto be. .- *
"WE EVES? H5LDI \Jr , $2.25 — CTJT I — "THE MEREDITH," a short-back sailor SI. 75 CUT HI— Large Fedora, broad brims h»»w .nv
Every kind of a ring-plain or set-and every one of _^ «$*•£& °po^a blac 6^ tn§ * wJc&SVS
them underpriced. And not one of them but's fully 4fcZ§y white quills. • . • . ¦ '' ~™Z ' ' macKs - .
'rJl o-naranteed '< W&^ $1.90— CUT II— A very jaunty shape, with a drape of two Sl.OO—CTTT V— "The Amazon," In brown, navy, red. cas-
f gW X3 j I* c j ,.„ „,„,; cfor.1*. ,;««« imripr tVipir , shades and large ornament; comes in brown and white, ton stylish Fedora shape, trimmed with black velvet band
\es3gg Hard to find very many staple rings under their <f«*^- black and white, blue and white. By adding pompons one and soft puff rosette.
worth, but we have, and they re here, plenty of them. • pj "S\ _ can make a very dressy shape: ;/ . . , 81.85— CTJT VI — A broad brim, soft felt hat. set off witn
CX cisco he tobu y e ing e .o-m'"row? ey >Vi " Mt *" "^g- %mef!^V aSl'M. "" h R ° ma ° Sg SSSi $$£.*&&%?&.& " & ~
25c for Solid Gold Shell Rings. y^jj *-^ M a • j^7 « rp f w-^,
! /^5) (Women's and Misses')— With single stone settings, fatf r J^f°^TT1^f" 1* I f\ Tl Tl P* I C 1 M f\ fl f-< \Ti^t m \
C*f$$ embracing a large assortment, such as pearls, rubies. O® * f VvtlVl • 1 laillJVl^ lllCl.il 1-W V Cl#
yv>> " • earnet's. opals, sapphires, emeralds, as well as .plain v ' .. , v r .. " ., ¦ J , , * ,
••^-=^ band rings Each ring stamped and guaranteed. All \^^=^ . New, and more of them than ever before so how can you keep away from seeing: them? Your flannel wants
excellent values at 25c each. , . /S^ hav f J 3 u been antl «g ated ' a , nd " ow ?« "ady to supply them. We never saw the time when a little flannel money
£__^y CAU "" L i cu II n* taff^ could buy so much flannel beauty. This list hints of the variety: '
? 0C , f0 / S ?, h r 1 Old <t\ « q l\ 'CX 0^-. 2^^^.!^ s^IbleTo^ "SgiES wfd^ N1TELS «H§S Pink-and b lue .tripe,. *
m%%X Considered excellent value even at $1.50 and as high %3,J\ > wrappers and dressing sacques. .. TE2TNIS FLASTTCELS Tc-Heavy. fleecy quaJlty nlaln
>^^j| as $2.50. Some of them have clusters of settings, QQri' WOOL EIDEBDOWN" FLANNEL 45 c— Full yard wide, pinks and blues and cream grounds, on which arestrlDes
jy^x) many of them are plain. They come in all sizes; each A comes In plain colors and 311 the leading shades. and checks. It's a quality we never saw sold under 10c.
IU "^^B^vs»ja&K*3iit'asreaK; w^|§;^^jss^Hs!Sxfs
W $1.00 for Solid Gold Shell Rings. s ?L^ 1 se ¦"^".Ifffi'ls^^.^ais?*-
' With four or five settings of opal, garnet, emerald NEW WAISTING FLANNELS 75c— In fancy woven GERMAN COTTON FLANNELS lSc-Lleht and fl.^v
/^l and California diamonds, as well as large assortment of XZZw r!ped pa J ter " s = . b J7 U f^ h f« geSl greens ' shrlm P- cardinal. » colors 27 inches wide; some 200 pieces; a broad and choice
. <«&^ ' plain band rings. They are the kind you usually see at navy, pink, gray. 27 inches.^ . . , . .. selection.
(P^ $2.50 and up to $.3.50 each. Our price to-morrow and ys^ _xt i^fT /MfT *7Mr/ —
V^, while they last. $1.00. Each and every one'is guaran- /&/ yiSg^^s^y^r"^ OllP Egyptian WritCP
. - , • . JssgzJfiM. ft!?/ s\ /&&=!=* <35§bML Is as busy as he can be. He is on the main floor at stationery de-
Solid Gold. Rings with Opal Settings , 91.50— A$P /fflf (WtgSgt r ($3^ *(^^^^^^ partment. He wrltea # a auonerjr ae-
y^**} and the settings are larger than common— and guaran- y^^Ji /JrI/ -^®Lx*^— —— _J - — — "^r- . Dozen Calling Cards ?or 25c,
fj@&f teed to be genuine opals, too. On sale to-morrow JffSt fi*>4tI>SL*^ ; dTzen *ftr I 2 t 5c beautlfully nd ««lckly. You usually get only one
I morning $1.50 each. * . • j <b=gg??' | '" ¦'¦¦¦¦ "^^ . . •¥ :