Honored by Legislature..
CALL, HEADQUARTERS. . SACRA
MENTO, March 13.— This evening v when
the Senate and Assembly adjourned '"they
did so In respect *o the memory' of ' the
that the Government's proposals for the
civil list show a total of £470,000. being
£110,000 for his Majesty's privy purse and
the rest for the expenses of the royal
household. At a meeting" of the Civil List
Committee of the House of Commons
yesterday the Chancellor of the Ex
chequer, Sir M. Hicks-Beach, who was
elected chairman, explained that the Gov
ernment proposals | contemplate an aboli
tion of the- royal ' buckhoiinds, intimating
that the substitution of a pack of fox
hounds would r be regarded as a suitable
appendage to the royal ' establishment.
'The- Queen.; Consort's' allowance Is £50.
000,.; and is Included In the total already
given. This will be increased to £70,000
in the' event of the death of the King
Government's Proposals for the Civil
List Show Aggregate of Nearly
Half Million Pounds.
LONDON. March 14.— The Times asserts
KING EDWARD WANTS
A PACK OF FOXHOUNDS
With the exception of ex-Secretary of
State John W. Foster, who Is traveling in
Mexico, and could not be located, the fol
lowing received the notices forwarded:
Secretary of the Treasury Charles W.
Foster, Fostorla. Ohio: Secretary of War
Stephen B. Elkins. Elklns, W. Va.; Sec
retary of the Navy Benjamin F. Tracy,
Prominent Men Notified.
To-morrow morning a meeting will be
held In the office of the Governor to per
fect the details of the funeral. It has
been decided that the honorary pall
bearers shall be the members of his Cab
inet. It Is not known positively how
many of them will come, but it is sup
posed by the members of the family that
all will be here. As far as they could be
reached by telegram the members of Gen
eral Harrison's Cabinet, who were at
tached to his official household at the
time of the expiration of the term of his
executive office, were promptly notified
of his death and most of them will attend
the funeral.
The highest honors which it Is in the
power of the State of Indiana to pay will
be rendered to the remains of General
Harrison.
The funeral will take place next Sun
day at 2 o'clock. The services will be
held In the First Presbyterian Church, of
which General Harrison was a member
for nearly fifty years. Rev. M. L. Haines,
pastor of the church, will have charge of
the services. This afternoon it was de
cided at a meeting of Governor Durbin
and a number of the other State officers
that the body of General Harrison should
lie in Btate in the rotunda of the Capitol
all day neit Saturday.
Funeral to Be Held Sunday.
In his semi-conscious condition, when
the sentinels of discretion and propriety
had gone from their posts and the mind
of the man was wandering, he began to
speak of the Boers and their hopeless
struggle for national life. His voice was
weak and trembling, his thoughts were
not connected, but the listeners bending
over him could hear words of pity for the
dying farmer republics.
which could be misconstrued or twisted
Into a seeming disregard for the dignity
for the high office which he once held.
as at all times careful to say nothing
Frontier Is Being Vigilantly Watched
to Prevent the Possible Incursion
of Disturbing Forces.
RIO JANEIRO. Brazil. March 13.— Ther»
are persistent rumors cf a revolution.
The Government 13 having the frontier
watched carefully, fearing Incursion of
revolutionary bands. The arrest of several
military chiefs is regarded as probable.
A dispatch from San Pablo announces
the death of Count de PlnhaJ. a wealthy
planter and leader - the monarchical
element. Count Pinhal wa3 g-oins from
San I'ablo to Rio Janeiro, when h<? lost a
bae containing CD7 contos collected for a
monarchical propaganda. This loss af
fected the Count very much, as he feared
that it might cause him dishonor. He
died in Montevideo of cerebral trouble.
Harder Done at Stuart.
SPOKANE. March IX— A special from
Stuart savs: John L. Morrison was shot
and killed by Daniel McGann yesterday
afternoon. McGann and Nelson Hether
quarreled over a piece of land. Morrison
championed Hether against McGann. and
when ordered off the land refused to
leave. The shootioc followed.
REVOLUTION IS SAID
TO THREATEN BRAZIL
Thousands of Desert Larks Found De
capitated by Fury of the Storm
Near Denver.
DENVEH. March 13.— Out on tha
Brighton road, near Denver, thousands cf
desert-born larks, commonly known as
snowbirds, lie dead along the fences^ and
paths with their heads, wings or legs cut
off. The birds were beheaded or maimed
by telegraph wires strung along the road.
The high winds of the past few days.
catching them in droves, have forced
them violently against the wires.
The momentum must have been terrt
ble. tor the frail bodies, not heavy enough
to adc" much weight to momentum, struck
the wires with sufficient force to cause
wholesale decapitation. The birds rls»
from the srround during 1 a lull, are caught
In the swift current of wind and hurled to
their death, unable to reach the outer or
more quiet air.
WIND HTJKLS BIRDS
TO DEATH ON WIRES
MANILA. M.areh 13.-Paymaster John
A. Pickett. with $73,300 in gold and an es
cort of ten raounte i men from Company
D of the Sixteenth rt gulars*. was attacked
by a party of thirty bandits on the roaJ
between Bayombon? and Echague. In Him
province of Nueva VIscaya. A hard ff?ht
ensued and the robbers were routed. The
funds were saved. Corporal Hooker was
killed and a private wounded.
INDIANAPOLIS. Ind.. March 13.— Frank
W. Vaille. who has just returned from
the Philippines, wh^re he was director
general of posts. In speaking of Philippine
affairs here to-day said General Otis had
told him he did not want to capture Agn!
naldo. "Tt Is better for him to be In th»
bush." Vaille quotes General Otl3 as say-
Ing, "than for him to be In the hand3 of
the American army poslns as a martyr."
Valllft Says Otis Told Him That Ha
Did Not "Want to Capture
Agninaldo.
AMERICANS DEFEAT
PHU-IPPETE BANDITS
INDIANAPOLIS. . March 13.— General
Harrison's wealth Is variously estimated,
public opinion rating it as high as half
a- million dollars.. Those who are best
Informed about the ex-President's affairs,
however, 6ay he was worth about $250,000
'or ' $300,000. At the time he was elected
President \ he was reputed to have ac
cumulated a fortune of $125,000 from his
law practice, and this has been doubled
at least since that time. Of late his
practice, owing to his great reputation
as a constitutional lawyer, was very lu
crative. His fee in the Venezuelan boun
dary dispute, in which he represented tho
South American republic, was $100,000.
General Harrison's "Wealth.
MILLBRAE. Cal., March 13. General
Harrison ranked Intellectually among
the 'ablest of : our Presidents. His
conduct of his office was labori
ous and conscientious, and he was
ready when occasion required it
to assume at the same time the detail
duty of the most exacting of the depart
ments. His administration was pure, and
the country under it was prosperous. His
absorption. In .his work sometimes led to
a brusqueness of manner which was mis
construed, and those who knew him
sllshtly, or not at all. thought him cold.
Those more Intimate found him hearty
and genial, and In private life full of quick
and tender sympathies. He never forgot
a friend or a service, though hl3 critics
sometimes said that the same tenacity of
character, might occasionally make it dif
ficult for him to forget an Injury- He has
distinctly gained In public appreciation
since his retirement from office. The loss
of such a man when beyond further ambi
tion and trusted by the country la almost
the greatest we could experience.
By WHITBLAW REID.
Those Who Knew Harrison
Intimately Found
Him Genial.
KIND WORDS BY
WHITELAW REID
late Benjamin Harrison, ex-President of
the United States. The motion was made
In the Assembly by Fisk and In the Sen
ate by Belshaw. .
"He turned over to his son and daugh
ter about $100,000 accumulated In the prac
tice of law and saved from hi3 salary as.
President. Since his second • marriage he
has accumulated about twice that much,
and lam" told his will will cut off his
children by his first wife with mere men
tion, and leave his second fortune to < his
second wife and his child by her. Since
the second marriage his son Russell and
Mrs. McKee have not visited their
father's home In Indiana perils."
LOUISVILLE, March 13.— "Public ' sen
timent condemned General Harrison when
ho married a second time," salda'Loula
ville Judge who Was associated with Gen
eral Harrison in legal cases, "but this
would not have : been so had the public
urderstood all the circumstances of that
marriage. His second marriage. was op
pesed by his two children, Colonel Rus
sell B. Harrison and Mrs. Mary Harrl
son-McKee. Feeling, that their opposi
tion was In a manner Justified. General
Harrison turned over to them his whole
fortune with the exception of his house
in Indianapolis and said with character
istic firmness, 'I shall now start out again
ln^llfe. and whatever I may make shall
belong -to my wife and any children God
may bless me with.*
Harrison Accu mulates
Present Wealth.
After Second Harriage
GIVES MONEY
TO CHILDREN
PRINCETON. N/J.. March 13.— When
Interviewed to-night by the Associated
Press correspondent ex-President Cleve
land made. the following- statement on the
death of ex-President; Harrison:
"I am extremely moved by the sad in
telligence of Mr. Harrison's death, 'for,
notwithstanding the late discouraging re
ports of his condition, I hoped his life
might yet be spared. Not- one -of our
countrymen should for a moment fail to
realize the services which have been per
formed In th'elr' behalf ; by. the • dis
tinguished dead. -In 3iigh public office he
was guided by patriotism and. devotion to
duty, often at the sacrifice of temporary
popularity, and in private station his In
fluence and example were always in the
direction of decency and good citizenship.
Such a career and the incidents related
to It should leave • a deep and useful Im
pression upon every section of our na
tional life." ¦ ' * ,
Only Surviving; Ex- Presi^
dent Speaks of Harri- j
son's" Useful Life." i
TRIBUTE PAID
BY CLEVELAND
there.= white the President and j Mr. Cor
telyou proceed to Indianapolis.
WASHINGTON. March 13.— President
McKInley will attend the funeral of Gen
eral Harrison. He will leave here prob
ably to-morrow night, accompanied by
Mrs. 'McKinley and Secretary Cortelyou.
The party will stop at Canton for a day
or more, and Mrs. McKinley will remain
President to Attend FuneraL
I Other telegrams were from Chief Justice
Fuller of the United States Supreme
Court and ex-Secretary of State Fo3ter.
"PRINCETON. N. J.— Accept my heart
felt sympathy In an affliction which many
millions share with you."
. The following Telegram from ex-Pres!
dent Cleveland 'vas received to-nlrht by
Mrs. Harrison: ¦
A telegram of condolence was also re
ceived from Justice McKenna of the Su
preme Court. Another was received from
John Wanamaker, who was Postmaster
General during the Harrison administra
tion, stating that ha will attend the
funeral. •"..".'X;;'"',
"Mrs. Harrison— Please accept con
dolences from himself and Mrs. Azplrez
in your grief."
The following telegram was received at
the Harrison home late to-nljrht from
Senor Azpiroz, the Mexican Embassador:
General Harrison loved a good dinner
and a bright 6oclal atmosphere of witty
conversation to go with It He accepted
Invitations to dine out freely and little
dinner parties at his own house In honor
of intimate friends were frequent. With
in the last three weeks, with Mrs. Har
rison, tie had accepted a iiumber of din
ner Invitations.
INDIANAPOLIS. March 13.-Since Gen
eral Harrison's retirement from the Presi
dency he had devoted himself almost en
tirely to his law practice, his only public
service being his appearance In 1S9S as
counsel for Venezuela «n the South Ameri
can republic's dispute with England with
her boundary line. Notwithstanding his
large law practice. General Harrison had
devoted much time since retiring from the
Presidency to amusement. He attended
the theater, receptions, was a great diner
out and was at all social gatherings, one
of those most thoroughly entertained and
happy. He attended local musical con;
certs, was president cf the University
Club, which he assisted in organizing
three years ago. was a member of .the
Independent Dramatic Club, and made
many Informal coclal calls. In all of
these affairs he was attended by Mrs.
Harrison.
General Harrison Attended
Social Functions With
His Wife.
TIME DEVOTED
TO AMUSEMENT
Mrs. Bevin of Ottumwa, General Harri
son's sister, will not be able to attend the
funeral on account of ill health.
A telegram from Mrs. Mary Harrison
McKee. received In the city to-night, an
nounced that she will arrive at noon to
morrow. She will be accompanied by her
husband.
New York; Secretary of the Interior John
W. Noble. St. Louis, and Postmaster Gen
eral John Wanamaker, Philadelphia.
Mayor Parker and C!tv Attoraev Neth
erton were seen ti-n'ght. and th?jr
thought the only effect the death of Har
rison, would have would be to delay th«
trial a little while. They were of th*
opinion that an Eastern attorney would
be employed tn assist Tudsre Garber.
The case is that of Waite vs. the City nf
Santa Cruz to rf cover «n refunding bond*.
The case was d-eeided against the city in
the Circuit Court, but the decision waj
reversed in the Circuit Court of Appeals
and a decision was rendered in favor of
the city, holding the bonds absolutelr
void. The case waj then tak»n to th*
United 1 States Suprem* Court on a writ of
review.
SANTA CRUZ. March 13.-By the death
of Ex-President Harrison. Santa Cn*r.
loses one of the attorneys In the bon.l
suit, as Mr. Harrison was to argua tho
case before the Federal Supreme Court at
Washington. The cad<» is on the calendar
and was expected to be heard between th<*
1st and 13th of April, but owing to th<*
death of General Har-Ison 'here )a a pos
sibility that the case will be delayed
somewhat. Judge Oarber I? still acting a%
attorney, and was to be assisted by Harri
son. Hen. J. G. Mac7tir<? of San Fran
cisco and Carl E. Lindsay of this city.
Judge Garber may argue the case, but
the probability is that some leading at
torney of the East will be employed In
Harrison's place. Th<? one 13 not known,
but a number hive been suggested. Har
rison was to receive $5000 as his fee and
Sloty had been paid on the contract.
Ex- President Was Coun
sel in the Celebrated
Bond Suit.
ATTORNEY LOST
TO SANTA CRUZ
by noon to-morrow. The McKee children.
who were suffering from an aggravated
attack of measles, exhibit signs of im
provement.
Speeding to Indianapolis.
SARATOGA. X. Y.. March 13.— Mr. and
Mrs. James E. McKee, who left here this
afternoon, expect to reach Indianapolis
"The country had very great respect
for General Harrison, and his death will
bo universally deplored Vs a great pub
"lle loss. He was one of the ablest men
who filled the Presidential chair. In in
tellectual force. In chic virtue. In deep
and genuine patriotism, he ranks among
the first half-dozen In the whole list. His
greatness as a lawyer. hl3 thorough
knowledge of affairs, hla rare adminis
trative capacity, which enabled him to
jrulde any one of the executive depart
ments as he actually gufded several r.t one
time and another during the disabilities
of their chiefs, have rarely been equaled.
His administration was one of the best
and most prosperous the country has ever
had. The general admiration for his high
Intellectual powers and for the sii?nal
capacity with which he handled affairs
has deepened with passing years."
Postmaster General Emory Smith, who
returned to Washington late to-night,
said of General Harrison:
Death, a Great Public Loss.
"Ex-President Harrison was a descend
ant of an illustrious grandfather, and
their countrymen will ever recall with
gratitude and admiration the work of
both In the development and exaltation of
our country."
"President Harrison was one of our
strong Presidents. He was a man of un
questioned ability and made an Impres
sion upon the country that will challenge
the Investigation of the historians."
Secretary of the Interior Hitchcock
said:
Secretary of Agriculture Wilson said:
"President Harrison made a distin
guished record as President of the LTnlted
States. He was a conscientious, painstak
ing chief magistrate of absolute Integrity,
who maintained the honor and prestige of
his country and whose highest ambition
was to do his duty toward and serve the
best Interests of that country."
Secretary Long said:
Served the Best Interests.
"The death of Mr. Harrison is a na
tional loss. Independent of the great offi
cial position he had held, he was a man
of extraordinary mental capacity and ac
tivity. He was a true statesman, lawyer
and orator and he has left few men his
equal behind him. In character as well
as abilities he was a man of very unusual
force and value."
Secretary of State Hay said:
Naturally the proclamation the Presi
dent will issue setting out the adminis
tration's estimate of General Harrison's
character In a large measure will include
the personal views of a majority of the
Cabinet, and consequently they did not In
most case3 care to enter into extended
analysis of the good qualities of the de
ceased. Secretary Gage and Attorney
General Griggs are out of town. Post
master General Smith was expected to re
turn to 'Washinsrton to-night.
The late President Harrison was per
sonally known to every member of the
Cabinet and all its members in the city
spoke in praise to-day of his magnificent
intellectuality and nigged force of char
acter.
Tributes of Cabinet Members.
It is a curious fact that two orders Is
sued by President Harrison himself prob
ably brought about the enactment of this
law. January 18, 1S03. the President was
obliged to issue an order announcing the
death of ex-President Hayes, closing the
departments on the day cf the funeral and
ordering all public buildings to be draped
in mourning. Almost before this period
of raourninir had expired ex-Secretary
Blalne died and another funeral procla
mation issue'd from the White House. The
long continuation of the exhibitions of
mourning were too much for Congress,
which promptly passed the act above re
ferred to, prohibiting mourning display
and the closing of the departments on the
occasion of the death of an ex-official.
Display of Mourning Prohibited.
~yS£f WASHINGTON,
wk H» / March 13.— Deep
>^^ #w% m Interest was ex
«sk / fak / hlbited In all
t^r rjaf °' ttie executive
ytir ySf depart ments
* * throughout the
day in the re
ports that came
as to the condition of ex-President Har
rison. As office hours had closed for
the day before the end came the
first official action regarding the
death will be deferred until to-morrow,
when, following precedents. President Me-
KInley will issue his proclamation to the
people notifying them of General Harri
son's death and setting out In becoming
terms his virtues and characteristics. He
also will order salutes to be fired at the va
rious army posts on the day of the funeral
and on shipooard when the news is re
¦ ceived. The Secretary of War and the
, Secretary of the Navy will send out spe
cial notices to soldiers and sailors convey
ing the President's directions in this mat
ter. Little more can be done officially, as
the act of March 3. 1SD3. specifically for
bids the draping of public buildings in
mourning or the closing of the executive
departments on the occasion of the death
of an ex-official.
One cf the most pathetic Incidents of
the whole Illness of the- general occurei
Tuesday before he became unconscious.
The general's little daughter. Elizabeth.
•was brought Into the *Irk room for a few
mcrnerts to see nsr father, and offered
him a Entail apple p'e which she herself
had made. General Harrison smiled bii
recegnltfcm of the child and her gift, but
the effort to speak was too much and he
could <!o nothing more to express his ap
preciatlon.
To-day all efforts to arouse the slowly
<C}irg man to consciousness failed, and he
died without a word of »ccognition to any
cf the loved ones who surrounded him.
Pity for Struggling Boers
From one who was present at the death
bed it Is learned that Use allegations of
cruelty and injustice dealt out by England
to the Boers In their struggle for liberty
had been a subject of thought In the
mind of*Oeneral Harrison. To hi« friends
he had often CDOken of the pity aid
eharae, as he viewed it, that the brave
and sturdy farmers of South Africa
present
None of General Harrison's children
were present at his death. Neither Rus
sell Harrison nor Mrs. McKee had
reached the city, although both were hur
rying on their way to the bedside of their
dying father as fast as steam would bear
them.
Elizabeth, the little daughter, had been
taken from the sick room by her nurse
before the end came.
The gTOup at the bedside included Mrs.
Harrison. W. H. Miller. Samuel Miller,
the Rev. M. L. Haines. pastor of the
First Presbyterian Church, which Gen
eral Harrison had attended for so many
years: Secretary TIbbetts. Drs. Jamleson
ar.d Dorsey. Colonel Dan Ransdell. ser
jeant-at-arms of the United States Sen
ate and a close personal friend of the
ex-President; Clifford Arrick and the two
nurses who have been in constant attend
ance at the bedside. General Harrison's
two sisters and an aunt were also pres
ent.
Mrs. Harrison Iineele-5 at the right hand
eide of the bed. cer husband's hano
grasped in hers, while Dr. Jamieson heki
the left hard of the dying man. count ; ng
the feeble pulse beatv In a few moments
after the friends had Lfen summoned to
the rocm the end came. Dr. Jamteson an
nouncing the sad fac*. The rreat silence
that fell on the sorrowing watchers by
the bedside was brokrr. by the voice of
Dr. Haines. raised in prayer, supplicating
consolation for the bereaved wife and
family, mingled with the sobs of the
mourners.
Steps were at once taken to notify the
friends and relatives abroad thai the end
had come. Colonel Aansdell dispatched
telegrams to prominent men at the na
tional capital, indud'ng the Indiana Sen
ators. Messages to relatives in other
cities were also dlspAtched immediately.
Unconscious for Hours.
General Harrison hal been unconscious
Jer hours before his death, the exact time
when he passed into a comatose state be-
Ir.g hard to determine. The greater part
ef Tuesday, too, he was in a eemi-con
ecious condition, although he was at times
e.V> to recognize *hoso at his bedside.
At that time he reogr.lxea' and spoke to
Mrs. Newcomer, his aunt, who had Just
reached the home. H* also spoke to Mr.
Sillier, the wcrfls bein^ very Indistinct,
however, only 'doctor" and "my lungs"
being urtierstood. Almcst the last words
he uttered were addressed to his wife, of
whom he inquired «shcrt!y before he be
came unconscious. If the doctors were
Children. Hot Present.
INDIANAPOLIS. March 13.-For
mer President Benjamin Harrison
died at 4:45 o'clock this afterr.oon
without regaining consciousness.
His death was quiet an-1 painless,
there being a general sinking un-
til the end came, which was
marked by a single R.isp for
breath .is life departed from the
b^y of the statesman. The relatives, with
a few exceptions:, and several nf the for
mer President's old and tried friend? were
at the bedside when he passed away.
The general's condition was so bad this
rrr>rr:lr.?. after a restless nfsrht. that the
attending physicians understood that the
end could not be far off, and all the bul
letins sent out from the sick room were
to this effect, so that the family and
friends were prepared when the final blow
came. The gradual failing of the re
markable strength shown by the patient
became more noticeable in the afternoon,
and a few moments before the end there
was an apparent breakdown on the part
of the sufferer as he surrendered to the
disease against which he had been brave
ly battHr.gr for so many hours. The
change was noticed by the physicians,
and the relatives and friends who had re
tired from the sick room to the library
below were quickly summoned and
reached the bedside of the general be
fore he passed away.
News of the death spread Quickly. Worj
¦was flashed from bulletin boards of the
newspapers and was thus communicated
tc people on their way home. The an
nouncement produced the greatest sor
row, nearly every cne having r.ui lured
the hope that General Harrison would r?
c<~.ver. In a few moments the flags on
nil the public buildings and most of the
downtown business blocks were hoisted
et ha!f-mast. and other outward mani
festations of mourning were made.
Death Comes to the General After
Many Hours of Uncon=
sciousness.
*
Unable to Recognize or Speak to
flembers of the Family at
the Bedside.
should be robbed of their country, of all
they bare in the world, and forced to
submit to terrible miseries In resisting tha
oppressions of a world tnwer.
General Harrison, it is stated, would
have liked nothing letter than to com»
out frar.kly and strongly and say to every
fine who would hear ¦what he thought of
England's alleged cruelty; It ¦was on his
mind constantly, but he believed that an
ox-Pre?idcnt should observe the same
proprieties of epoech which are obFerved
by a President of the United States. He
Nation Will Pay All Due Honors
to the Memory of the Noted
Statesman.
President to Issue Proclamation
and Army and Navy to
Fire. Salutes.
FORMER PRESIDENT BENJAMIN HARRISON
PEACEFULLY FROM EARTH'S CARES AFTER MAKING
GALLANT STRUGGLE AGAINST INROADS OF PNEUMONIA
SAN FRANCISCO, THURSDAY, MARCH 14, 1903.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
volt:m£ lxxxix-no. io-M
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL.WIFE AND CHILDREN OF THE
LATE GENERAL BENJAMIN
HARRISON.
Story Relating to the Killing of Six
Hundred Macedonians Is Said
to Bb Untrue.
VIENNA, March 13.-There is no truth
In the report circulated by a news agency
In the United States that Turkish troops
have massacred COO Macedonians
CONSTANTINOPLE. March 13.-Noth-
Ing Is known here in any quarter of the
report circulated In the United States by
a. 11^" 8 agency of the alleged massacre of
W0 Macedonians by Turkish soldiers.
TTTKKS NOT GUTLTY OF
REPORTED MASSACRE
Though small of stature, he was a giant
In intellect and high resolve for the right.
His work and his utterances were for the
good of the whole people, present and to
follow, and the results of both will mako
a fitting and Imperishable monument to
his memory. In the history of his time a
nigh place among America's great states
men and patriots will be accorded to
Benjamin Harrison.
Benjamin Harrison stood for a type of
American citizenship not often seen In
these later days. Retiring at the end of
his four years' service from the highest
position that any man on earth Is called
upon to occupy, he returned to the modest
home where he had spent the greater part
of his life and resumed his duties as a
plain and unpretentious citizen. -Yet with
his name and talents he could have com
manded professional employment with
any one of several metropolitan corpora
tions bidding for the use cf his name at
any salary he might shoose to fix. Though
taking the largest interest In the policy
and acts of the Government of which he
had been the head, he meddled in noth
ing until forced by his conviction of im
pending danger to raise his voice and
point his pen in firm but vigorous protest.
He spoke with no uncertain sound and
called down upon his head the wrath of
those against whose ulterior purposes he
gave warning.
Among his addresses on the subject
those of December 14, 1900, at the Uni
versity of Michigan before 3000 students
and at the Columbia Club, New York, on
January 2 last,' were masterful exposi
tions of the correctness of his position
and are still fresh in the minds of the
public.
vigorous opposition to that policy, which
he denounced as unconstitutional and un-
American, and declared his conviction
that only evil to our own people could
follow the adherence thereto and the con
summation thereof.
gi-ntleman seated rear the foot of tfca
table. "He has the most intellectual head
I have ever seen. He should be distin
guished in some way."
"Th.-it," replied General Barnes, "la
Lloyd Tevls."
The friendship existing between Harri
son and Stanford was very sincere ancj
lasting. It bejan In the days when the
two were in Congress together. Harrison
Invariably relied on Stanford's recom
mendation when extending California pat
ronage.
In 1804 Harrison was on the coast again.
This time It was to deliver his series of
lectures on International law at Stanford
University. His ability as a lecturer waa
notable, and he developed many valuable
theories. More recently his name was in
even* one's mouth when he and Judge J.
A. Way mi re were engaged in the great ir
ritation cases.
What he said in the conclusion of his
speech was no mere flourish of rhetoric.
Harrison always had a warm place in hla
heart for California, and to-day San
Francisco will honor his memory.
CAPABLE AND
CONSERVATIVE
London Newspapers Pay
Tribute to Harrison's
High Character.
LONDON, March 14.— All the morning
papers publish long memoirs of the lata
General Harrison and editorials dealing
with his career. The Daily Chronicle
says:
"It may be long before America finrt3
another President a.i capable, honorable
and conservative."
The Standard expresses the opinion that
General Harrison hns not left a deep
mark in the history of his country, but
like all the papers it pays a tribute to his
high personal character.
General Barnes was at his side all
through the evening, and was kept busy
answering the President's questions about
his fellow-diners. "Who is that man?"
asked Harrison of Barnes, indicating a
Harrison made a speech brief but suc
cinct on the current political events of the
day. and concluded gracefully in the fol
lowing words: "Right royally have you
welcomed us," with all that is rich and
prodigal In provision and display, with all
graclousness and friendliness, and I leave
my heart with you when I go."
Leaves His Heart Here.
But Mrs. Harrison made up, in her de
light at every fresh sight, for the lack of
enthusiasm in the President. Then came
the grand parade up Mferket street to the
Pavilion, where the reception was held.
There was a terrible crush, and numbers
of persons fainted.
The great banquet at the Palace Hotel
was, however, '.he most spectacular piece
of hospitality the city, extended. Two
hundred, and fifty guests sat down, num
bering all the best-known men In Siin
Francisco. His mnnner of accepting the
Invitation to it was thoroughly character
istic of Harrison. General Barnes, who
was chairman of the committee on recep
tion, attended the President with the in
vitation.
"Going to be any big speeches?" asked
Harrison".
General Barnes reassured him, and he
promised to be present. He kept his word
and made a brlMiant speech himself. A
speech which lingered long in the mem
ory of all who heard it. In the earlier
stages of the affair Harrison sat looking,
as usual, cold, uninterested and somewhat
bored. Gradually, however, he began to
thaw out. He addressed himself liberally
to his glass, and when the coffee and ci
gars were reached and he rose to respond
to the toast proposed In his honor by Gen
eral Barnes and waited till the cheers
which greeted him should have subsided
there was a geniality in his manner which
had been missed hitherto.
Beception and Banquet.
"As the boat drew clear of the slip and
turned her head to the cool night wind
which swept in from the ocean he drew
his hat closer down about his ear3.
turned up the collar of hl3 heavy coat
and sought refugo behind the pilot
house." He spoke hardly at all on the
trip across, vouchsafing no reply to the
eager explanations of the reception com
mittee. As the boat ne'arcd the city dark
ness fell, and two rockets shot up from
the hurricane deck of the steamer. At
the same moment the guns from the
Charleston thundered out a salute, and
a red glare was cast against the sky
from the brilliantly illuminated streets.
Bonfires blazed on every elevation, and
high above them all, on the summit of
Telegraph Hill, hundreds of rockets and
roman candles added to the splendor of
the* scene. Against the brilliant back
ground the masts and rigging of the ships
swinging at anchor showed fine as an
etching. Harrison turned toward the city.
At last he spoke. "That is one of the
most beautiful sights I have seen.
Do you know, somehow those silent ves
sels remind me of phantom ships?"'
Harrison's visit to the coast gathers
particular interest from the projected ex
cursion of President McKinley. When
Harrison came here the city was not
nearly the size it is to-day, but in point
of enthusiasm it can hardly have in
creased. A mighty series of entertain
ments were prepared, and the resources
of decorators and caterers were taxed to
their uttermost, but when Harrison ar
rived he lmpresed the people as being
singularly impassive, not to say cold,
over all the preparations which had been
made for his reception. The Presidential
train pulled into Oakiand on the evening
of Saturday, April 23, and a passenger
who made the trip across the ferry with
the visitors gave at the time the follow
ing 1 pen picture of the President's way of
carrying himself in public:
1891. when all San
Francisco donned gala attire, when there
were excursions by day, banquets by
night and continued rejoicing in honor of
the presence of the same man. then Pres
ident, to whom the tribute of sorrow is
paid to-day.
April and May.
"^3^ imy -b^IIEN the flags of
v^A IE*? y tho city wave -at
Jsijj. / half-mast to-day.
wak #w3k / * n fnemorlnm of
l!a / X» / Benjamin Harrl
«Br «w son ' an nin "
y$f ciscang will be-
T T think themselves
of the days in
Manner of the President Finally Melts and
He Is Visibly Touched by the
Hospitality.
Great Welcome of San Francisco During
General Harrison's Visit Ten
Years Ago.
His time for the next two years was al
most entirely absorbed with this impor
tant matter, and as the court sat In
Paris he was absent from home a good
part of the time. Though opposed by the
most eminent legal talent of the British
Empire, he made his case successfully,
and was paid a fee of 1150,000 for his serv
ices by the grateful South American re
public. But a short time ago he was ap
pointed by President McKinley as one of
the four American members of the Inter
i national Court of Arbitration suggested
by TheJIaguo peace conference.
History Will Accord Him High Place.
In the early part of 1S9S, when the
whole country was concerned as to the
Cuban question, Mr. Harrison announced
himself as in favor of armed intervention
and lent his most cordial support to the
Government in the. subsequent prepara
tions and operations against Spain. When
the enemy was beaten, however, and the
object " f (yr which the war was under
taken, accomplished he fell out of accord
with the policy of the administration,
which began to show Imperialistic and
expansive. tendencies, and later as a Re
publican and within the lines of his party
he used both his pen and his voice in
In October, 180S, he was retained by the
Venezuelan Government as its chief
counsel before the Court of Arbitration in
the Anglo- Venezuelan . boundary dispute.
/.On resuming the. practice of .his profes
sion he fioon had a large and profitable
clientele, and his services were In demand
in some : of the most important cases in
the country. -
Resumes Legal Profession.
In the latter part of 1893 and the first
half of 1S96 Mr. Harrison's name was
widely mentioned for the Republican
nomination for the Presidency and he was
urged to make the race. The delegation
from his own State went to the national
convention at St. Louis under instruc
tions to vote solidly for him. while those
from Illinois, Ohio and other States Were
largely divided in his favor. He, however,
declined to have his name go before the
convention.' On the' nomination of Mr.
McKinley he threw his full force into the
fight for the success of the ticket, not
only stumping Indiana from tho Ohio to
Lake Michigan but making strong ad
dresses in New York City and other
strongholds of the Democracy. Durlnsr
the following year Mr. Harrison published
a. work entitled 'fThls Country of Ours,"
which made most evident the- soundness
and depth of his mind,; his ability as a
writer, and his qualities as a far-seeing
statesman. In the same year he made his
celebrated "Plea for a Better Judiciary"
and delivered other lectures, among /yhlch
were "The American Union," "Federa
tion":; and . "State Institutions," all of
which attracted much attention and were
mo?t 'favorably commented upon by the
press over the United States.
Mr. Harrison was from early life a con
sistent Christian and a member of the
Presbyterian church, in whose councils
for many years he took a prominent part
as a member of the General Assembly.
He took a most lively interest in thi ad
ministration of affairs of his native city,
and never failed to go early to the polls
nnd cast his vote for the man of his
choice.
After forty years of sweet companion
ship President Harrison lost his wife, who
died at the White House October 22, 1S02.
When nearly four years a widower, on
April 6. 1S0G, he was married in New
York City to Mrs. Mary Scott Lord Dlm
mick, a relative of his former wife, who
had often visited them at -the White
House. This lady, with a daughter born
February 21, 1SP7, survives him, as do also
a son and daughter by his first wife.
Russell Harrison, late major United
States volunteers, and Mrs. Mary Harri
son McKee. wife of his former secretary,
Robert J. McKee.
General's Second Marriage.
people. These, for " fertility . of thought
and force and felicity of expression and
adaptability to the place and occasion,
called forth the most favorable comment
from the press and the people of the en
tire country. .
In March, 1S93. he again visited Cali
fornia and' delivered a course of lectures
on international -law at Leland Stanford
Jr. University. ¦ •
In the spring of 1891 President Harri
son made an extended trip through the
South and- Southwest and to the Pacific
Coast, stopping at the various towns and
cities en route and making In all 119
speeches on questions of interest to the
•In 1832 President Harrison was a can
didate for re-election, being opposed by
his former antagonist, ex-President
Cleveland, but owlngr to the unpopu
larity of what was known as the "Mc-
Kinley bill," the protective . tariff meas
ure passed by Congress and approved by
himself in 1890, he was defeated. At the
expiration of hJs term In March, 1893, he
left Washington and returned to In
dianapolis, and thereafter resumed the
practice of his profession.
The laws and regulations relating .to
civil service were widened and extended
pnd improved lo a degree of faithfulness
hardly deemed possible before, not only
according to their letter, but In accord
ance with their spirit. All departments
of the Government were conducted with
energy and on business principles, and
Mr. Harrison's regime came to be
generally known and spoken of as an
honest and business administration. It
was singularly free from any crying
scandal such as had characterized some
previous administrations.
Beaten for a Second. Term.
Under President Harrison treaties of re
ciprocity were made not only with the
countries of South and Central America,
but the leading countries of Europe, re
sulting in a much freer admission of our
goods and products, and a wider exten
sion of our markets.
As during his term In the Senate he was
an advocate of the upbuilding and restor
ation of our navy, so as President he used
his best endeavors to that end and pushed
forward the construction of armored ves
sels with high-power guns, which result
ed in placing in the water the "White
Squadron," the nucleus of our present
splendid navy. The new vessels included
the Chicago, Baltimore, Charleston, Phila
delphia, San Francisco, Yorktown. New
ark, Benningrton, Concord, Machias, the
fine cruiser New York and the battleships
Texas and the ill-fated Maine.
Though the matter ended at the tlipe
by the withdrawal from Washington of
the Italian Minister on an indefinite leave
of absence, the position taken by Presi
dent Harrison was maintained, and' be
came a precedent for future dealing with
such cases.
In the spring of 1S91 the demand of the
Italian Government for Indemnity and re
dress for the hanging of members of the
Mafia at New Orleanswas met by Presi
dent Harrison in a courteous but firm re
ply to ).he. effect that , the United States
could not recognize any responsibility in
the matter unless It was shown that the
public authorities at New Orleans con
nived- at the execution, and that the
United States did not undertake to insure
the lfves of alien residents any more than
of its own citizens.
An Indian outbreak In the Northwest
during the winter of 1890-91 was managed
by the Federal authorities in such a man
ner as to be roon quelled, with much
less expense and cruelty than Is usually
characteristic of such wars, largely due to
the* directions of President Harrison.
Some Firm IHplomacy.
During his administration a number of
Commissioners were appointed under the
direction of the Secretary of the Interior
to make treaties with the various tribes
of Indians for the purchase of lands held
by them, with a view of opening the same
for settlement. This resulted In the ex
tinguishment of the Indian titles to vast
tracts of country and the establishment
of. the new "Territory of Oklahoma," with
all the forms and advantages of civil gov
ernment.
During the first two years of his ad
ministration six new States, North and
South ' Dakota, Washington", ' Montana,
Idaho and Wyoming formed constitutions
and were admitted into the Union.
The Pan-American Congress, which
convened at Washington in the winter of
1883-90, was largely due to President Har
rison's efforts and advocacy. •
pute by arbitration, which disposed of a
much vexed question.
If you haveRheumatism,wrlteDr. Shoop.Raclne,
Wis,,boxl37.for six bottles of htsRheumatlcCure.
ftxjtrp'ss pai'J. Send no mon»y. I'ay $3.50 If cured*
A Month's Test Free.
BENJAMIN HARRISON, the
twenty-third President of
the United States, was a
most worthy representa
tive cf the illustrious i
name uhlch he bore. As |
soldier, lawyer and states
man he stood with the (
first'of as grand an army of contempora
ries as It has been the honor and pride of
any country or lime to muster. Like his ii- j
lustriouis grandfather. "Old Tipp^.-anoe." j
he carved with his sword fame for him- !
self and honor for his country before be- I
ing called to the first plate in the gift of I
a grateful people. Renjamin Harrison was
born August 20, 1S33, at North Ccrd. O.,
near the scene i of some of his grandfath
er's gallant exploits beforehand during his
governorship of the "Indiana' Territory."
His chain, of lineage was jaade-nf strong
links back as far as any prood American
noeds to go. Vtta father. John Scott Har
rison, was the third son. of General -Will
iam Henry Ha.-rismv the nijuh President
of the Ur.Ued States, who was 1he third
and youf.pest fon of Benjamin Harrison j
of Virginia, one of the signers of the De
i-Jaration of Independence.
.On 'the" other side also Benjamin Harrl
pon came of good Revolutionary Ftock,
his mofhor, who was John Scott Harri- j
!«on'«? second wife, being -a Mi?s Elizabeth j
Irtfin. daughter of Archibald Irwln of
Mcrcersfeurg. Penn.. .whose :male -piogcni
tors of one ¦ arid two removes followed I
Washington thrcugh the whole of the war
Early Display of Ability.
for independence.
Benjamin was the second son of this
marriage, and a great favorite with both
of Ws parents, who wt?re ready converts
to the belief that he would one day rise to
eminence.
Secures Good Eduction.
They early secured for hiirm.n excellent j
private tutor, under whose instruction he j
made great progress, and in 1?47. when he
w.tf only 14 years of age, he was sent, j
with his elder brother, to Cary's Acad- |
*-my, TS'alnut Hill, near Cincinnati, where j
lie remained for two years. When he en- j
t«rcd the junior class at Miami Univcr- |
Fity. Oxford, 0.. whence he was gradu- j
at^d In June. 1?^2. with a standing of j
fourth in a class of sixteen.' One of his |
rlnsFmates at "Cary's" was Murat Hal-
Ftead. long editor of the Cincinnati Com- |
mercial. whose fondness and admiration j
I>>r "Bfnjy." thus early began, only in- j
<roaj=ed in after years as the character j
and ability cf his more diminutive friend
developed.
In . October. 1S£3. just after turning j
his twentieth year, young Harrison i
was married to his college sweetheart, i
<"aroline Scott, daughter of Dr. John W. j
F<-ott. president of Oxford Female Semi- ',
nary, from which she had graduated the j
year before. When Dr. Scott was in his
declining years his son-in-law took him in |
as a -member of his own family, and as j
Furh he was an inmate of the White
House during the grihter part of Presl- |
dent Harrison's term, and up to his death,
which or-eurr^d In November. 1S92. soon
: after that of his daughter, the President's
wif>. . ¦' •:•' - " •¦ ¦
Young. Harrison began the study rt law
cnon after leaving college "in the office of
Ftnrer & Gv/ynne. in Cincinnati, and was
admitted to the bar in 1S54, He at. once
began practice at Indianapolis, Ind..
¦where he thereafter made his home. -John
H. Rea, the Clerk of the United States
District Court, took a great. fancy to the
ycung men and gave him desk room in his
own office and soon after procured his ap
pointment as' crier of the Federal Court j
at a salary of 52 50 per day, which was a j
pood deal more at that time than it would
be reckoned now. This was the first
"work for pay" that he ever did.
Opportunity soon came for the young
lawyer to show the stuff he was mide of.
He was called to assist Jonathan W. Gor
don, one of the leaders of the Indiana bar,
in a prosecution for burglary and in
trusted with the plea for the State. . He
had taken ample notes of the evidence
throughout the case, but as it closed at
night and the courtroom was but dimly
lighted with tallow candles he could not
pee to read them when he roFO to address
the eourt and jury, and had to depend
on his memory- He found this perfeet,
and better still that he could think and
ppcak standing, with ease, vigor and co
herence. He made an eloquent plea,
which produced a marked lmpt-ession and
I When he began his administration ho
found- himself confronted by* the contro
versy between Great Britain and the
tlnlted States In reference to the killing
bf seal In Bering Sea. to which under the
treaty of purchase with Russia this coun
try claimed the exclusive right on the
ground that that body of water was a
closed cea and within our . territory of
Alaska. When the sealing season opened
the Government vessels were instructed
by order of the President to enforce that
claim. A diplomatic corre3pondencs,
however, begun at , this 8&mo time ' re
sulted in an agreement to pcvUs the els-
T ,*7ork of His Administration.
! He was again a delegate at large to the
.Republican National Convention in !SSlan-l
his name was mentioned in connection
with the Presidency, as Indeed It had been
at the previous convention. At the next
at, Chicago in 1SSS, he was a
leading candidate from the start and was
nominated on the eighth ballot by a vote
of 544 out of 830, the nert highest belr«
John Sherman, who had 113 votes. In
November following he received 233 elec
toral votes against 1G8 for the then Presl
'dent. Grover Cleveland, the Democratic
candidate, and was duly Inaugurated
"March 4, 1SS3, as President of the United
States.
In 1873 -he was appointed by- President
Hayes a member of the Mississippi River
Commissloji, and in 1SS0 was made chair
man of the Indiana delegation to the Re
publican National Convention at Chicago,
where ho cast nearly the whole vots of
;the State for Garfleld "when the crisis
came. He took a most active part In the
campaign which followed and was offered
a seat in the Cabinet by President Gar
fleld, which, however, he declined, pre
ferring tne United States Senatorsh'p
from Indiana, to which he had Just been
Ichosen and which he held from 1SS1 to
1SS7 (the full term). While a member of
,that body he spoke frequently and was
.well known as an advocate fcf protective
duties on imports, of civil service reform
and of the restoration of the American
navy, and also as an opponent of Presi
dent Cleveland's vetoes of the pension
bills.
As a National Delegate.
. Returning to Indianapolis he resumed
the duties of court reporter, to which he
had been re-.elected- ir. 1SC4, while at the
front, "nut JnlSGT declined a renomlnation
and began to' devot3 himself more closely
to his law" practice. He was a strong sup
porter of General Grant in 1868 and 1872
and canvassed the State, speaking to very
Varpre audiences in b<-half of his election.
In 1S70 he declined :'ie nomination of his
party for Governor, but the regular nom
inee having withdrawn he ' finally con
sented to make the race, and though de
feated, ran 2000 votes ahead of his ticket.
Brevetted for Bravery.
"For ability and manifest energy and
gallantry in command of the brigade"
the brevet of brigadier general of volun
teers was later conferred upon him, to
date January 20, 1SS5. When Sherman
captured Atlanta. September 2.'1864,-Col
onel Harrison received his first furlough
to visit home and -was assigned to th«
important duty of . making a systematic
canvass of his State to recruit the forces
in the field. Returning to the front he
was placed In command of a provisional
brigade at Nashville on' the occasion of
Hood's attack on that place, December
15 and 10, 18C4, and then sent in pursuit of
Hood's retreating forces. He was later
ordered to report to Sherman at Savan
nah, via New York, but was stricken at
that place with scarict fever and did not
reach Sherman for some weeks, when the
latter was -at Goldsboro, N. C.\ and the
war nearly over. R; then resumed com
mand of his old brigade and marched
with it to Washington. D. C.,.to take part
in the grand army review, at which he
was duly mustered out, June 9, 1S65.
He joined General Buell at Bowling
Green, Ky., when he was engaged in re
pel!!r.g Bragg's invasion of that State,
and was brigaded with the Seventy-ninth
Ohio and One Hundred and Second. One
Hundred and Fifth and One Hundred and
Twenty-ninth Illinois regiments under
General Ward of Kentucky. His regiment
had the right of the brigade and was oc
cupied at first in guarding communica
tions and fighting guerrillas. He spent
much energy In drilling his men, being
extremely systematic and painstaking.
Tils theory was that every day In camp
should be a preparation for that other
day always to be kept irt a soldier's mind
—the day of battle. Upon Rosecrans' ad
vance on Chattanooga General Ward was
sent to Nashville January. 1S63, and his
command sent to the front under Colcnel
Harrison, acting brigadier general. Later
this brigade became the First Brigade of
the Third Division of the Twentieth
Army Corps, under "Fighting- Joe"
Hooker. His first engagement of any im
portance was at Resaca, Ga., In Sher
man's campaign against General Joe
Johnston, and here Colonel Harrison was
the' first to cross the parapet of the re
doubt from which the Confederates were
driven. Later he took part In the ac
tions at Cassvine, New Hope Church,
Golgotha Church and the battles of
Kenesaw Mountain and Peachtree Creek.
There was plenty of lighting blood In
his veins, however, and when the Union
arms met with so many reverses in the
first half of 1SG2 he threw down his pen,
and, grasping- his sword, stood forth to
do or die for his country. He appointed
a deputy reporter to attend to the duties
of his rtfflee, and securing a colonel's com
mission from Governor Morton went into
camp with Company A of the Seventieth
Indiana Regiment, and in thirty days,
having recruited it up to 1000 men, led It
to the front. Space will not permit here
any 1-ut a very succinct statement of his
military career. - ,
Takes Up the Sword.
In I860 Mr. Harrison was chosen reporter
of t Jse Supreme Court of Indiana, on the
Republican ticket, for four years, by a
majority of ft.SS: This was his first active
appearance in the field of politics. His
election to this office and the important
duties incumbent upon him in connection
therewith are responsible for his not en
tering the army until the second year of
the war. .
won the case. This may be said to have
been his starting point. Before his pow
ers were hardly known to himself and
not at all to others. His services came in
demand and from that time he was always
an impromptu speaker. Forming a part
nership with "William Wallace, a prom
inent lawyer of Indianapolis, he had sev
oral years of good experience In the rou
tine of practice, drawing deeds, making
collections, trying cases before. Justices of
the Peace. In the Probate and Circuit
Courts*. ¦ When, iniiSCO.. Mr. Wallace was
elected Clerk of Marion County, and with
drew from the firm, his late junior took
a partner and became the senior of the
firm of Harrison & Fishbaek. which ex
isted until 1SC2, when Mr. Harrison en
teied the army.
Shows Firmness and Justice During His
Administration as the Nation's
Chief Executive.
Career of Benjamin Harrison as a Gallant
Soldier. Able Lawyer and Capable
Statesman.
STERLING FIFE OF THE TWENTY-THIRD PRESIDENT
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, MARCH 14, 19.01.
2
1 PAFE. because their wheel* were fitted
with tfce MORROW COASTER BRAKE.
The wheel *« always under control.
SATISFIED, because the MORROW
COASTER BRAKE <Jld Just what we
claimed for 5t:
"RIDE FIFTT MILES. HUT PEDAL,
ONLY THIRTY-FIVC MILES." -
Have your new twentieth century bicy-
cle fitted with it, or put it on your old
wheel. Fits any bicycle, and Is guaran-
teed to elve eatisfactlon. Booklet free.
ECLIPSE MFO. CO.. Elmira, New York.
100,000 SAFE, SATISFIED
! CYCLISTS LAST YEAR.
MORROW COASTER BRAKE,
: - .^ To Cure a Cold in One Day.
Take Lexative Bromo-Quinine Tablets. 25a. •
Stuart's Catarrh Tablets have been on
the market scarcely one year, yet they
have met with such popularity and suc-
ress that druKRista everywhere in the
United States and Canada now have them
Jn stock and report a constantly increas-
ing demand for them.
The remedy is in the form of larre 20-
prain . lozenge?, pleasant and palatable,
composed only of wholesome antiseptics
and bo safe to use that little children us«
them with perfect pafe-ty and benefit if
the. little on* is suffering from colds,
croup or cough from any cause.
There are few troubfrs'Tor whfch* there
are so many . remedies .apd. so-called
•"cures" as lor catarrh, and-' it • ir-sy' bo
edded there are few diseases bo dsillcult
to really and permanently cure.
• Inhalers, 'sprays, powdor? afld douches
are all applied locally and give temporary
relief, often for only a few hours, and It
is doubtful if anything like a real cure of
catarrh was ever accomplished by the use
cf local applications.
Catarrh is a constitutional disease; it is
In the blood like rheumatism, and to cure
It requires an internal- medicine -to -act
upon the blood to drive out the catarrhal
poison from the system entirely, and any
one can reafilly see that a salve or pow-
der or inhaler whicii simply clears oft the
mucous membrane of the nose and throat
can have no effect ort the real cause' of
catarrhal disease. ' * • • • - ¦
The remarkable success ot the new ca-
tarrh remedy, Stuart's Catarrh Tablets,
is because it drives out of the system
throuph the natural channels the ca-
tarrhal poison. .the perms of grip, bron-
chitis and consumption that cause the
hawkinjr. Hpittinp and pagping because
the excessive secretion is no longer sup-
plied when* the blood Is made healthy
from the regular use of Stuart's Catarrh
Tablets.
The Heasorx So Many Catarrh ILeto-
'" edies Are Unsuccessful.
WHY SO MANY FAIL.
ADVEBTISEMEIJTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
JiF^i il PILLS
Positively cured by thess
Little Pills.
They also relieve distress from Dys-
pepsia, Indigestion and Too Hearty
Eating. A perfect remedy for Dizzi-
ness. Nausea, Drowsiness. Bad Taste
in the Mouth. Coated Tongue, Pain in
the Side. TORPID LIVER. They
Regulate the Bowels. Purely Vegetable
Small Pill. Small Dose.
Small Price.
OB. MEYERS &C0. *#§%
Specialists. Disease JBgfiP'" if
and weakness of f§*/
men. Established )iy;l C^^iX^iI
1SS1. Consultation O M fv3* V-f
and private book VSa';., V
free, at oUlco or by MSS&m
mall. Cures guar- wJtfejSmsfrSBtr
anteed. 7:51 Mar- f^lWOT
ket street (elevator l/^H^^P
entrance). San y^v/i^t»5&.
Francisco. <<^S ES?SW1!3»aLss3y
IT'S FOLLY
To put your dress shirts to the test ot
standing the wear and tear of ordinary
laundries— expensive, too.
Better put us to the test of doing them
right. We'll prove to your satlsfactlo i
that we can please you. *add to the wear
of your linen and afford you peace of
mind in wearing it with our domestic
finish.
Collars and cuffs— as well as dreys
shirts— prove the rightness of our work.
Xo saw edges.
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY
Office 1OO4 Market Street.
Telephone — South 42O,
Oakland Office— 54 San Pablo Av%
THE a
SAFE DEPOSIT BOXES
IN THE VAULTS OF THE
CALIFORNIA SAFE DEPOSIT
AND TRUST COMPANY
ONLY COST S5.OO PER YEAR
(And Upward).
WHY THEN WORRY OVER THE SAFE
KEEPING OF YOUR VALUABLES
ANT> IMPORTANT PAPERSJ*
Comer California and Montgomery Streets.
n A rr V\ f\\l S I Corner Fourth ant
UHlL nuiHL -rs^srss
valises or.ee seed tre»
gceti I IBB <?3k LaOIn & Rand Waterproof
H H S HlAH^L FmokeleFS Powder, la bulle
jj n a jf*M and loaded In shells. S«nd
Sol llnBl for catalogue of spcrtinj
M> %» B H Xt& Kocds. GEO. W. SIIUEVE.
733 Market »t.
DR. CROSSMAN'S-SPEGIFIC MIXTURE.
For the cure of '. GONORRHEA. GLEETS.
STRICTURES and analogous complaints of th«
Organs of Generation.
Price %1 a bottle. For rale by OrugststS.
| SYMPTOMS OF INDIGESTION.
H "W NDIGESTION or Dyspepsia shows itself by feelings of : '
H Is P a * n » tenderness, weight, fullness, distension, oppression, I
II H or Reneral uneasiness after partaking of food, Heartburn! ;
U | Flatulence, Drowsiness, Nausea, Vomiting, either after
I 1& meals or in the early morning; flushings of the Face, with
1 e redness about the Nose; Sick Headaches, furred, dry, or I
I . .? white-coated Tongue; foulness of breath, acidity,' frequent
jj rising of a watery, acrid, sour fluid in the mouth: loss of :
appetite (more especially after breakfast"); Giddiness. Faint- :
ness, feelineT of Languor, and Restlessness with disinclination
I. to move after eating; Irritability and Mental Depression, some-
• times amounting to Melancholy; Feeble or a Torpid condition of
j the Bowels. Nothing acts so readily upon these stomach de- I
' t rangements as Warner's Safe Cure.
; It increases the quantity and improves the quality of the Gas-
. . trie Juice and the highest digestive efficiency is thus maintained |
i The appetite returns, Digestion and Assimilation are rendered
5 perfect. The most acute suffering from the above symptoms is *
quickly subdued by the use of Warner's Safe Cure
j ¦ '
I DON'T GO HUNGRY NOW. CAN EAT ANYTHING. ¦
1 MINNEAPOLIS. Minn., * NEW YORK, 138 Bleecker 8t..
| :.''¦:., *'.Cy':'. Vs ..Nov. 20. _ 1900. . Jan. S, 13CL \
N Warner's Safe Cure Co.: . Warner'a Safe Cure Co.:
m GENTLEMEN:. As a cure for In- ¦ GENTLEMEN: Late hours and
¥ digestion or stoniach troubles I be- Irregular habits caused Indigestion
R ¦ hot-«' isa« to .... ,v »¦, - ¦' . and sleeplessness. I found War-
fi lleve there la none that is equal to n( ,r' 8 Safe Cure an honest remedy.
g Warner 8 Safe Cure. Some months It cured me within three weeks. ;
I .,. . ago I was Buffering from Indlgeu- toned up my entire systeirt. built ;
B / >i nn k,i«- ti.-«,t,«;-. a , r^ Z U P m Y Physical and mental faeul-
M / tlon. but Warners Safe Cure ab- ties and stimulated my appetite.
g solutely cured me. (Hon.) PATRICK KENNEDY.
U f. a. McDonald.. c j . ., « <r *. :
I (Deputy County Auditor. Hennepin . J^^&JnJZsJil c£e'
l| County.) , . ¦;. Co., Rochester. IN. Y.With reference to the bill" appropriating
money with which to pay the coyote scalp
claims, Governor Gage intimates that the
measure will be vetoed.
In his message the Governor makes it
plain that he will not approve any bills
for road construction, which is of much
importance in view of the fact that there
are now pending: bills lor this purpose
carrying nearly $1,000,000 In appropriation*.
In his veto message, the Governor ca«'3
attention to the obligation of the legis
lative branch of the government lo legis
late economically and widely, and he dep
recates the policy that allows everythlr.ji
to pass, shifting much of the burden
which properly belong- to the Legislature
to the executive. He expresses the ho«(>
'that a wiser course wl : i' be pursued. Tna
message was sent to both houses.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
LI EXTO, March 13.— The Governor his
rebelled at a favorite pastime of this
Legislature — a willinsness to pass up to
the executive all manner of bills In order
that upon hJm phall lie the blame for
their rr.artrnent or the'r death. Appro
priation hills nave been passed up to him
without number on thin "inderstandinp.
and he started his opposition with a veto
of Ray's bill providing a large sum for
the Yost-mite road.
of "Passing the Buck."
Hebels Against Legislature's Habit
PROTEST FEOM THE GOVERNOR.
I make this first use of surplus wealth upon
retiring from business as an acknowledgment
of the deep debt which 1 owe to the work
men who have contributed so greatly to my
success. I hope the cordial relations which
exist between employers and employed through
out all the Carnegie Company works may
never be disturbed"; both employers -and em
ployes remembering what I said in my last
speech to the men at Homestead: "Labor,
capital and business ability are the three legs
of a three-legged stool. There Is no prece
dence, all being equally necessary. He who
would sow discord among the three is an enemy
of all." . I know that I have done my duty in
retiring from business when an opportunity
presented Itself, and yet as I write my heart
Is full. T. have enjoyed so much my connec
tion with workmen, foremen, clerks, superin
tendents, partners and all other -classes, that
it is a great wrench inde*d to, say farewell.
Happily, there is no real farewell in one sense,
because.- although no longer an employer i
am still and always must be a frleSd. • deeply
interested in the happiness of alL whom it
has been my good fortune to know and work
in" sympathy with (or so many happy years.
Always truly- yours,
ANDREW CARNEGIE.
NEW YORK, March 13.— Andrew Ca.'-
Your president and myself have been con
ferring for some time past as to the possibility
of Introducing a pension and beneficial sys
tem to which employes contribute, resembling
that' so admirably established by the Penn
sylvania and Baltimore and Ohio Railroads.
We find It a difficult problem to adjust to a
manufacturing concern, but should It be solved
hereafter the trustees have authority to make
this fund the foundation of such a system.
Kach superintendent will report to the presi
dent such cases in His department as he thinks
worthy of aid from the fund, ami the presi
dent will in turn report to the directors with
his recommendation for action.- A report to
be- made at the end of each year, giving an
account of the fund and of its distribution,
shall be published In two papers In Pittsburg
and copies posted freely at the several works,
that every employe may know what is being
done. Publicity In this manner will. I am
Flan for Pension System.
000 be left, after "ten years' operation, then
for all over this workmen in mills other than
the Carnegie Company in Allegheny County
shall become eligible for participation In the
fund, the mills nearest the works of the Car
negie Steel Company being first embraced.
This fund is not Intended to be used as a
substitute for what the company haa been in
the habit r*, doing In such cases — far from It.
It Is Intended to tro still farther and give to
the injured or their families, or to employes
who are needy in old age through no fault of
their own. some provision agaiiiFt want as
long as needed, or until young children can
become self-supporting.
ANDREW CARNEGIE, WHO
HAS DONATED $5,000,000 FOR
AN EMPLOYES' FUND.
the wisdom of this course, although the change
is great, even serious, and seldom brings the
happiness expected. But this Is because so
many, having abundance to retire upon, have
so little to retire to. The fathers In. olden
days taught that a man Hhould have time be
fore the end of his career for the "making of
his soul." I have always felt that old age
should be spent not as the Scotch say in
••maklne -mlckle mair." but in maklngr good
iib»> of what has besn acquired, and I hope
my friends of Plttsburg will approve of my
action Id retiring while still in full health and
vigor and I can reasonably expect many years
for usefulness in fields which have other than
personal alms.
Praise for Sis Employes.
The pain of change and separation from
business associations and employes Is Indeed
keen; associates who are at once the best of
partners and the best of friends; employes who
ore not only the best of workmen, but the
n'Ost self-resr-ecting body of men which the
world ftas to show. Of this I am well assured
tr.d very proud.
Uut the separation, even from a business
point of view. Is riot absolute, since my capi
tal remains In Plttsbure as before, and. in
deed I am now Interested In more mills there
than ever and depend upon Pittsburg as hith
erto for my revenue. I shall have more time
to devote to the institute and to the technical
pchool. which are In the higher domain of
Plttsburg's life, and these 1 have long seen
tn be my chief work, the field In which I can
dc the greatest because the highest good for
Fitteburg. The share which I have had in
the material development «of our city may be
considered only the foundation upon which
the things of the spirit are built, and, taking
th>» proceeds of the material to develop the
things of the spiritual world. I feel that I am
pursuing the Weal path of life and duty.
Kor all these reasons, and for another more
potent than all. vi«.. that Pittsburg entered
the core- of my heart when I was a boy and
cannot be torn out, I can never be one hair's
breadth less loyal to her or less anxious to
rtlp her in any way than I have been since
I could help anything. My treasure is still
with you: my heart is still with you, and
how best to Mrve Plttnburg is the question
v hlch recurs to me almost every day of my
Hfe. ANDREW CARNEGIE.
The second communication is as fol
lows: ::'«:..:
Purposes of the Donation.
NEW YORK, March 12. 1901.— To the presi
dent and managers of the Carnegie Company-
Gentlemen: Mr. Franks, my cashier, will
hand- over to you. upon your aeceptance of
the trust. JS.OOO.COO of Carnegie Company bonds,
In trust for the followinir purposes-
The income of ll.CCO.CCO to be spent In main
taining the libraries built, by me in Braddock,
Homestead and Duquesne. I have been giv
ing the interest of *250.CGO to each of these
libraries hitherto and this will give a revenue
of $SO,COO hereafter for the three. The income
of other $4.COO,0&0 is to be applied:
First— To prrvlrf» for employes of '• the Car
negie Company 1» all lt« works. mim-s, rail
ways, shops, etc.. injured In Us service and
for those . dependent upon such employes a»
are killed.
Second— To provide small pensions or aids
to such employes an. after long and creditable
sen-ice.- through exceptional circumstances,
need such help In their nld Hge and who make
a (?cod use of It. Should these uses ¦ not • re
quire all of the revenue and a surplus of |200,-
PITTSBURG. March 13.— Two com
munications from Andrew Car
negie, -which are officially made
public to-nlght, tell of the steel
king's retirement from active bus
iness life and cf his donation of $5,000,000
for the endowment of a fund for super
annuated and disabled employes of the
Carnegie Company. This -benefaction is
by far the largest of the many created by
Mr. Carnegie and is probably without a
counterpart anywhere in the world.
This fund will in nowise interfere with
the continuance of the savings fund es
tablished by the company fifteen years
ago for the benefit of its employes. In
this latter fund nearly $2,000,000 of the em
ployes' savings are on deposit, upon if hlch
the company, by contract, pays 6 per cent
and loans money to the workmen to build
their own homes. One of the letters reads:
NEW YORK, March 12.— To the Good People
of Pittsburg: An, opportunity to retire from
tunings came to me unsought, which I con
sidered It my duty to accept. My resolve was
made In youth to retire beforte old age. From
what I have seen around me I cannot doubt
J. J. Van 'Alen of New York fitted out
a field hospital section In January, 1900,
and offered it to the British War Office
for \T«e in South Africa, It was accepted
by the War Office and called the Ameri
can section of the hospital to which it
was attached.
negle, accompanied by Mrs. Carnegie and
their daughter. Balled for Southampton
to-day on the St. Louis. Mr. Carnegie in
tends to return in October. He will spend
most of the time while abroad at Sklbo
Castle in- Scotland. On his return to th!s>
country he Intends to move frqm his resi
dence, 5 East Fifty-fifth street, to hN
house now being- built on Fifth avenue
between Ninetieth and Ninety-first
streets.
When questioned is to his plans. Mr.
Carnegie said he was not disposed to talk
because he had retired from business.
He said, however, he was px>Ing away en
tirely for rest and that he exDectr^ to
spend the pleasantest seven months of his
life. . j
JEFFERSON .CITYi Mo., March 13.—
The bill appropriating $1,000,000 for the
Louisiana Purchase "World's Fair at St.
Louis, with Senate amendments incorpor
ating an emergency clause making the
money available at once, passed the
House this afternoon. The bill now goes
to the Governor for his signature.
Money for a Big Fair.
Steel King Retires From Business and Endows
a Fund for Employes of His Company.
MILLIONS FOR HIS MEN,
CARNEGIE'S LATEST GIFT
LONDON. March 13.— The Gazette
to-day announces the appoint
ment of Mmes. George Cornwallis-
West and Jennie Blow as ladies
of grace oi the Order of St. John
if Jerusalem and J. J. Van Alen as an
honorary knight of grace. In connection,
respectively, with their work in fitting
out the American hospital ship Maine
and a field hospital for South Africa.
Mrs. George Cornwalils-West is better
known as Lady Randolph Churchill, htr
name before her recent marriage to Lleu-
RECIPIENTS OF HONORS FROM HIS MAJESTY KING EDWARD VII IN RECOGNITION OF THEIR SERVICES TO
WARD ALLEVIATING THE SUFFERING OF BRITISH TROOPS IN SOUTH AFRICA DURING THE WAR
WITH THE TRANSVAAL REPUBLIC AND ORANGE FREE STATE. |
i
The bill provides for the purchase of the
grove and the appointment of a commis
sion of five members to care for It. the
Governor to be ex-offlcio one of the Com
missioners.
CALL. HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, March 13.— The bill to appropri
ate $250,000 for the purchase of the Big
Basin trove of bie trees in Santa Cruz
County passed the Senate to-day with
but two dissenting votes, and It has now
only to meet the approval of the Gov
ernor.
The dissenting votes were those of Sen
ator Smith of Kern and Senator Rowell.
Senator Smith spoke against the bill be
cause, he said, it was a measure of senti
ment. He said that if the Legislature ap
propriated the money asked this would
be but the first of a long string of similar
requests. The next Legislature, he said,
would be deluged with requests from all
over the State for the purchase of "beauty
spots." and he believed it was better to
stop thi3 thing at the outset. Smith said
the danger of exterminating thesTedwoods
was being greatly exaggerated.
Senator Oneal spoke for the bill, and
Shortridge followed him. The roll call
showed a vote of 30 to 2.
Votes Against It.
Only Two Senators Record ' Their
BIG TREES BILL IS PASSED.
Sutro explained that the act by which
the Harbor Commissioners were empow
ered to make the lease was an enabling
act fimply. drawn in general terms, but
for the specific purpose of permitting the
lease of China Basin to be made. It had
served its purpose and protection of th«
State's Interests demanded the repeal of
the act. Johnson gave notice that he
would move to reconsider the vote on Sen
ate bill 353.
Johnson. Kincaid. Trcadwell. Hasson and
I^aird were the five who stood out against
the latter bill. During the consideration
of the bi!l Treadv.ell said its object wa3
to prevent the Harbor Commissioners
ever leasing other property to any other
corporation. Johnson also viewed the bill
with suspicion and-continjued in the same
captious vein that marked hi3 opposition
to the ratification of the lease.
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO, March 13.— Senate bills 333 and
396, companion ! measures to the China
Basin lease bill, which was passed yes
terday, were declared urgency measures
in the Assembly this afternoon and given
second and third reading and passed al
most without opposition. On the first biil
there were 50 ayes and 2 noes and on the
second 62 ayes and 5 noes.
Through Assembly.
Companions to the Lease Measure Go
CHINA BASIN BILLS PASS.
•"I. John Henderson: colored. £2 years
rid. murdered r.n unknown* white lady
thrr«» miles north of Corsicana the 6th of
March. 1301. There was r.o one present
tiut myself, the woman and two little
The committee that had been appointed
to see Henderson secured the following
confession from him. which was signed
and attested by Justice of the Peace H.
*i. TUlierts:
Thousands of people poured into, the
city and at 10;30 o'clock the streets were
*» arming. It was jriven out that the
jk'Pto would be burned alive at - p. m..
l>m a rumor became current that a Sher
iff's pesse was being organized to rescue
the prisoner and the mob changed its
plans and announced that the execution
would talce place immediately.
Crowds at the Burning.
Henderson reached here early this
morning, end when he learned that he
was to be executed by a mob made a full
confession. He told how Mrs. Younger
had bravely resisted the assault and how
in his frenzy he had butchered her before
the eyes of her little girl. In the mean
time runners were sont to ail parts of
Navarro County to notify the people that
Henderson had been brought to the
»>cene of his crime and that he would be
executed during the day.
Henderson was arrested, several days
ago and placed in jail at Waco. Later
'.he r.csro wzs spirited avray to Hillsboro.
Last r.tght the officers, fearing- mob vio
lence, quietly arranged to take the pris
oner to Fort Worth, and at 9 o'clock they
Loarded a train. At Itasca a dozen citi
zens from Corsicana entered the car
where the officers. and their prisoner were
Foated and at the point of revolvers took
The negro und in a short time were on
liielr way overland to Corsicana.
CORSICANA, Tex., ilarch 13.— John
Henderson, the nepxo who brutally out
rsgeu and murdered Mrs. Conway Young
er, was burned at the stake by a mob in
the courthouse yard shortly before noon
to-day in the presence of 4000 persons.
Frenzied' Thousands Wit
ness tiie Horrible
Spectacle.
Negro Slayer oi Wo
man Suffers Ter
rible Death.
TEXARS BURN
A MURDERER
AT THE STAKE
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, March 13.— The Ways and Means
Committee introduced this afternoon the
tax levy bill. The committee on the In
troduction of bills recommended that its
introduction be permitted, and it was sent
to the printer with rush orders.
The tax levy for the fifty-third fiscal
year, based on the valuation of 1900, ac
cording to the figures prepared by Chair
man Fisk, is -J3.S cents. The total valua
tion Is $1,156,250,672. The general tax levy
is 48.8 cents and the university tax 2
cents.
For the fifty-fourth fiscal yepr the gen
eral tax. levy is 3S.2 cents and the univer
sity tax 2 cents, making the total 40.2
cents.
The tax levy bill (Assembly bill SSI) di
rects the State Board of Equalization, for
State purposes for the Hfty-third and
fifty-fourth fiscal years, to fix such an ad
valorem rate of taxation upon each JIOj
as, after allowing 5 per cent for delin
quencies, and cost of collection of taxes,
will raise for the fifty-third fiscal year
the following amounts: For the general
fund. $2,750,000: for the school fund. $2.5:S.
071: for the Interest and sinking fund,
$141,433.
And for the fifty-fourth fiscal year the
following amounts: For the general fund,
$l,7o0.000; for the school fund, J2.52S.071;
for the interest and sinking fund. $141,435.
A similar bill was Introduced in the
Senate by Smith of Kern.
Exclusive of the amount for the uni
versity there will be provided for the
fifty-third fiscal year J3.419.50S and for the
fifty-fourth fiscal year 34.419.503. The to
tal for both years is $9,S39.012. There
should be added to this $300,000 for the
university for the two fiscal years. This
makes the total amount $10,333,012.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Total Amount to Be Provided During
the Ensuing Two Years
Slightly in Excess of
$10,339,012.
Rate for Fifty- Third Fiscal
Year I3 Fixed at
48.8 Cents.
TAX LEVY BILL
IS INTRODUCED
In view cf the abov» telegram the Gov
ernor says that the civil authorities of
Navarro County imposed upon him. He
says that had he not received the assur
ance that the prisoner would hava been
protected he would not liave permittoa
him to have been taken out of the Waco
Jail. He sent some very strong telegrams
of condemnation to ihe officers at Corsl
cana to-day. When *he Governor was in
formed this morniris that a mob had th*»
prisoner and intended burning him he
wired the District Attorn p.v to give the
negro protection. Steps were taken to
call out the militia at Corsicana by order
of the Governor, but the mob had done Its
work before any attempt was made to
execute the order.
AUSTIN'. Tex.. March 12.— Hon. O. C Klr
vea. District Attorney, Corslcana, Tex.: If
you and the Sheriff feel sure that the prisoner
will b» fcure from mob violence and that
the law win be permitted to take its course,
not only before and durinsr the preliminary
trial, but also afterward, then there can be
no objection to his being brought back. But
his eaftty must be assured beyond question.
JOSEPH D. SAYERS, Governor.
CORSICANA. Tex.-, March VL.— Governor Jo
seph D. Sayers. Austin. Tex.: Citizens In
masi meeting give assurance which I believe
that John Hendereon can safely Ftand his pre
liminary trial. Will you wire Sheriff to re
turn prisoner. Anower.
O. C. KIRVEN*. District Attorney.
The Governor replied to the above tele
gram as follows:
Governor Sayers is highly indignant at
the authorities of Corslcana and Navarro
County for the- alleged manner In whJcn
they imposed upon him to get the prisoner
back to the scene of his crime. H?
charges that these authorities played into
the hands of the nub. Last night the
Governor received the following telegram:
AUSTIN, Tex., March 13.— Governor
Sayers will to-morrow send a special
message to the Legislature on the sub
ject of the burnlnff o! the negro, John
Henderson, at Corslcana to-day. He feel.?
that the State has been greatly outraged
by the act of the mob in lynching ths
prisoner and he will recommend vigorous
legislation with the view of bringing tl;e
guilty members of the mob to justice and
to protest against such crimes in this
State in the future.
sicana Authorities Imposed
Upon Him.
Texas Executive Declares That Cor-
GOVERNOR IS INDIGNANT.
At 1 o'clock to-day Justice II. G. Rob
erts, acting Coroner, held an inquest over
the remains of Henderson and gave the
following verdict: .
"I find that the deceased came to his
just death at the hands of the incensed
and outraged feelings of the best people
in the United States, the citizens of
Xavarro and adjoining counties. The evi
dence, as ¦well as the confession of guilt
by deceased shows that his punishment
was fully merited and commendable."
nX 11:30 o'clock Lee French, whose wife
was beaten to death by the negro Ander
son Norris last November, climbed a tree
and made an impassioned speech to the
crowd, asking them to help him get the
murderer, who had been taken from the
jail here last week to a place of .safety,
and deal with him rs they had just dealt
with Henderson. The crowd .yelled back
that. they ¦would assist.
The. north-bound Central train arriving
here at 12 o'clock was crowded with peo
ple from the southern part of the county,
who expressed disappointment at being
too lute. There was no militia on the
train.
At no time during the burning did Hen
derson give any indication of pain or suf
fering. He rolled his eyes so as to get a
Slimrse of the angry faces which sur
rounded him and his hands moved slight
ly It was about ten minutes before he
was dead, during which time the move
ments of his ha_nds were becoming fee
bler. At no time did he make an outcry
other than once a. groan.
Just before the pile was fired Conway
Youngrer. husband of the murdered wo
man, jumped at Henderson and slashed
him across the face with a knife. As the
flamrs encircled the negro and ran over
his clothing the crowd yelled and yelled
ana Younger .isain attempted to cut the
murderer.
Sihnt During Torture.
The men formed a circle, holding on to
a chain which completely surrounded Hen
derson to prevent an attempt of the en
raged ptorie to get at him and tear him
to pieces. Th^y rushed to the pile of wood
and prepared for the lire, fastening the
negro to- the iron rail with wire and
chains. Cans of oil were dashed over his
clothing and dozens of lighted matches
touched the inflammable material. At
that time the nre alarm bell was rung
and the stores of the city were deserted
and the streets were full of men rushing
to the courthouse grounds to witness the
burning'.
The confession was read and then a
railroad rail was driven into the, gTOund
in the corner of the courthouse lot anl
bcy.es and wood piled around it and sat
urated with oil. The crowd had Increased
to about 4000 at 11 o'clock. About forty
made a rush from the jail across the
street to the courthouse. In their midst
was the negro handcuffed.
cnildren. I murdered her and left her in
the house without any intention of rob
bing her. I don't know why I did it.
"JOHN J. HENDERSON."
Sutro induced McNeil, who voted aye,
to give notice of a motion to reconsider,
and in half an hour Tyrrell was over from
thr Senate and Martin Kelly from the
lobby and the wildest, sort of excitement
prevailed. McNeil nied to withdraw hij
notice, but Cowan objected and the notice
stands. However, tiie motion to recon
sider doubtless will be defeated to-mor
1OW.
'"Colonel" Martin Brady was most ac
tive in lobbying for it on the floor of the
Assembly and Franklin, Hourlgan and
others of the San Francisco "pusti'Vwere
willing assistants.
Johnson was the measure's champion in
debate, but his only argument w.as that
the San Francisco Senators and Assem
blymen v.anted the bill passed. James
and Kincaid denounced it. but the neces
sary 41 votes were easily drummed up for
the bill.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, March lS.-Tyrrell's Senate till
5C3, •which is designed to knock out the
civil service regulations of the San Fran
cisco charter, passed the Assembly to
night by a vote of 42 ayes to 16 noes.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Beforxaer Martin Kelly Invades the
Lobby to Force the With
dra-cral of a Notice to
Beconsider.
Assembly Favors Tinkering
With San Francisco
Charter.
VOTES GAINST
CIVIL SERVICE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAIiL, THURSDAY, MARCH 14, 1901.
Titles Granted to Those Who Contributed to Improve=
ment of the War Hospital Service.
AHERICANS ARE HONORED
BY GREAT BRITAIN'S KING
tenant George CornwaIlls-"West.
Mrs. Jennie Blow is an American lady
•who took a prominent part in the work
of the committee in charge of the Amer
ican hospital ship Maine. She Is the wife
of A. A. Blow of Denver and Chicago,
who Is largely interested in mining in the
West.
3
The most concentrated form of nourishment for
the strong, weak, healthy, siek, old and young;
PLASMON is the most digestible and nutritious food known
to medical science.
PLASMON is a light powder made from fresh milk, and is
albumen, in its purest and most natural form.
PLASMON is a muscle building, nerve sustaining food,
• easily digested and immediately assimilated by the
most delicate system.
PLASMON in wasting diseases, chronic affections of the
stomach, intestines and liver, diabetes, brings rapid and
PLASMON is perfectly soluble and may be mixed with any
other food or beverage. It is tasteless, but makes every
PLASMON has a higher food value than any other food;
added* to other foods it greatly enriches their nour-
PLASMON may be used as a substitute for fresh meat and
eggs. It is the cheapest form of pure nourishment
known. One teaspoonful contains all the nourishment
of one-quarter pound of the best beef.
PL'ASMQN is recommended by the world's greatest physi-
cians for invalids -and convalescents.
PLASMON is not a substitute. It is itself Nature's nutriment.
For Sale at Leading and Grocers
AMERICAN PLASMON SYNDICATE, Ltd.. New York
; Information cheerfully given at offices of Syndicate •
i 204 Crocker* Building, San Francisco
cf Germany
Discovered by the emi nent Chemist. DR. SIEBOLD
Endorsed by the great Medical Authority, PROF. VIRCHOW,
fi\:°r.:~ OR lORDAN'S QRCATO
iMUUU® OF flBSTOHYlf
a 5& u3SASznsr.i«.e±Ma.t»Ai.i
W Wr The Largest Aaaw-ateU MaseamioC'e \
> -ji~ " V'crld. * cmkueum a *nj con»actco 9
f, F3;<3l .';.:.:-...i;r.'^l.o'lt I-fi jC ycjut 9
A !&%3\ &L *C523. ! i»-*8n&T£ DISEASES 4
in ? \V«/n T rt UTrfBM prrwnsly or i-y lrtter. An
P '' V- tvt'** Curtin cirory casern Jerukeo. T
AM if 11 /i. Un>cforbo^.?niLO*OPIIl'*ta
(ft' i :jt:"' KiBUl/ltt.. KAiUDfUI. (Af
i A it »» -•¦• '- tiooe to* rjrnl i
V DIt WCDAS & tO, K61 M3rtetSt..& F. V
vii. HALL'S RfclNYiuOKATOgp^ngl
FJve hundred rewanl tor any WHTT®S|
cake we ¦ ..r.i. ,t cure. Ti:l» eecnrt &*^
reinKSy > : ;•» all losses Ir. 21 bourn, ?» m^JS
ti-r.T ;;.¦:. ..->¦.¦ ns, Impotencjr, Van- 3?**| y'.-i'A
coc«le. tJCEorrtJ^ea. CJIeet. Kit». IjJTS » illl
f t: • '..'-;, Lost ManhocxJ asd all (jftU ti&M
«»«««ee. Eent sealed. 13 bottle; 3 MS3331CI
l^ttiea, $i: (^uaranf^ed to cure any rase.. AC-
«!r«rm IIALL"S MEPiClL INSTITUTE. »J5
Iiroi<3*ray, Oaklar-O. Cal.TAI»o for cale at 1073S
Market rt.. S. F./ All private Cl««L»ei quickly
«.vred. £end fcr free book.
Every M2n Should Know Himself.
*"fe» Et-Jarr:« A«n.. Box EU.Cnclnnatl. O-ha»
ir«tem. whlcn ti»« wd km u> *n r V 11 T l_ ¦
«a!e applicant, •»!*¦¦•¦
CT MUfcC »Q^V 230 ELM ST.,
bh JA51C5 A2$.\., Cincinnati! Ohio.
•Gran-SoiTenf-^tMOlTe* Stricture like, snow b+-
B <~*-'< tbe ccn. reduces Prostate anl
r".rf r.ctUen* tn* 8«rinal Duct*, flopping Urain* asa
K:r.i»k'.ois» la Ftrtesa l>ayt- *
>o dnrs M r° !n tbe etonacfi, tmt» Clrect local
as<; oo»iitre a|ip:icaticn:otbe entire nrethral tract
:,V,r--j ••¦:/ It nnt a liQtiid. It i* prepared ia
t*e f-jra> ofCrarons or I'encilf. •^i_«.:c ana CexISlft
»ti <: mo um> - » to rui tt>e closest stricture.
t Cured While
You Sleep
In Fifteen Days
" S wrote: Drm Phxrco rGgsrif-
ing nr.y czca, zzsd rooolyod
a pjKzmsst re&ly, ft*€5&m ft
— -— ,j t u B I endured nearly
i -£~»"* V"2l\ four years of suffer-
L%O =41^- L- Myers, of
A T ! (Ji Washington, W.Va.,
1 .TT«* i n'"c^ :a ! fci principallv
¦A ¦»^"} i J&lisZA from iinproper med-
v ' '^^-V^J?;^^ icai stwntion after
iu.ii*;, |^Hfj£^5 a n d female weai-
? a«E, reriltiag in a
"=i^i>S»^;'.-^ ; »] complication of dis-
SSg^^^. _JlZ ec&es - Ha4 a terTi "
»?^^?"r"4 / incessant pain a^d
Was reduced in flesh from 184 pounds to
about 100 pounds in eighteen months. I
load no appetite, and became so wealc
and nervous I coald scarcely sit up. I
doctored with c*^r home physicians for
two years with no benefit, I was finally
induced to trv Dr. .
Pierce ' s medicines.
I wrote to Doctor «Piw
Pierce regarding v!^^*\
ray case, and re- .J^^* (
ceived a prompt JTtfr
medicines for my S©^vij|
case. After taking
Pierce's Favorite uffi*$J*$$]h -y» i
Prescription a-nd
four of his \ Golden Medical IMscovery,*
three doses each da)*, also taking one bot-
tle of Dr. Pierce's Compound Extract of
Smart- Weed and sons of his | Pellets,' I
ceased coughing, and b.tA now enjoying
splendid health and haz? gained thirty-
jive pounds in weight. I again feel like
xny former self, thanks to Dr. Pierce and
bis j^reat tnedicinea."
. Sick zxxmten are invittd to consult E>r.
Pierce by letter FREE. Ail correspond-
ence sasrtdiy confidential and all wom-
anly corfidfKcrs guzrded by strict profes-
sional privacy. Address Dr. R. V.
PUra, Buffalo. A*. V.
ADVEETISEMEKTS.
-AGEERHAN & KOEN
IForcaerly with the California Fursitur*
Company).
The Only Exclusive Carpet House oa
the Coast.
THE LARGEST DEALERS LN
Bigelow
Axminster,
Ths most beautiful and desirable ol
all Carpets.
Patterns Arc All Our Private ¦
Designs
And can be purchased nowhere else.
Before purchasing call and inspect
our immense stock of Carpets, Lino-
leums, Mattings, etc.. of every jrrada
¦ and lowest possible prices.
ESTIMATES FURNISHED.
ACKERHAJT-& KOHN,
Exclusive Carpeters.
Starr Kirg Building, 123 Geary street.
FOR STOMACH DISORDERS,
GOUT and DYSPEPSIA,
DRINK
Best NATURAL Alkaline Water.
Broken
Eyeglass
t*ns«i r»plae#<! for 3O cents.
Any Astigmatic lenses duplicated far 91.00
tr.d *t.r,it.
Gua.rante«d carr+c' «cd b*st quality.
Oculists' prescriptions filled. . Faetcry t%
presBises. Quick repairing- Phone. Mala IX
nDTiriAM^J^s x?»pH>CAPPARATU5
64Z Market ot. instruments
ui»ot«» cxaoMTCLt build:mo. CaTAICGoT FrII.
eONE PIIDCC*
BOTTLE tUntS
MCBURNEY'8 ,
KidnzygSUW
A thorough cura fw
p&lns in the baci,
BRICBT'S DISEASE.
female troubles, incon-
iueacdcf urlao. brie* dast deposits, bed-
¦.vot tin; of children, gravel, gall atcaea,
iropsjr. diabetes, and rheumatism.
KOR SALE AT . {
DAHLBENDER DRCG CO.. ZU K-arny St.
Send 25c in Ic stamps to W. F. McBurney.
41S S. Spring it.. Los Angeles. Ca! . for S
iaj-3" treatment. I'reraid Jl SO. Druggists.
PiCIFIC~DEIfiBTS,
SO feet on north side of tlaclcsan street,
near Octavia,
THOS. MAGEE & SONS.
5 Montgomery Street.
$10 * RUPTURE CURED
\^ : 2kV&£hZlit* '«»«• TEN DOLLARS.
tf^yivtrF: T 5^ r^ at t!wir own homes tm lists
VV^^Sjl^^ty Teat ; otiof Ite.xee. Swrar-
\M^; :l nil W$£r Ity »rul i-mil ort to the rop-
•5^^&2^itS2^1^, ture^. No worthies* «atT»«
f^55S«i^~!— ~S2^a or;.r:nr<torol>on. lidc^
Vi> '-•' ' ka*'" t h • -work. rnre»tiicate :
"BoolVif.. I" gtr!ajt fnll tafornation mal!frt.imiTif.i;-
ately on re<^ : pt :r. »uni? and CBl adrt. ( a! 1 ot i » ( 1<1rj*»
UAaim: ts'Jss cc. v»MM**am*, sam rBANCisca.
for Ucnorrhfft,
1 ! Olwt, SrTtn»to, rha-i,
>S»Kialu4.i.Tt.\[l Whit*v n:. natural dij.
£TSbJ noi ut ,trt«icr-. tion. ! Ktatioo or uicerv
gbM^;"rt'eau naiMiti, tion f mucous men*"
te%THj£«S8C9a*wC& br » nM - Non-Mttlagtau
l£«m:;H::«iATi.O .gEg3 Mold by DruKUta,
Weak Men and Women
SHOUU USH DAMIANA BITTEKS. THE
great Mexican remedy; gives health anl
strength to sexual organs. ; Depot. 123 Market.
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogues and Prlca Lists Malbi
on Application.
COAL. COKE A >O PIQ IR »X
\ C TV II SftM t fft m B*««T7 Stre-t.
Jv- UJLjUil U tU-. Telephone Main iS»».
COPPERSMITH.
CtL r CM1TH Ship Plumbing. Steamboat an.i
• W* - iiHIIl. stjp Work a specialty. It and
IS Washington »t. Telephone Marn an.
FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
11^ RIIYFS&n Shlpplni: Butchers. 104
JA5- DV I CO (X WJ- clay. Tel. Main 1SJ4.
OILS.
LUBRICATING OILS. LEONARD * ELU3.
413 Front St.. S. F. Phone Main 1713.
i**l.>iTlN3.
EC HITiFTfC PRINTER.
W« lilUiiCj. sn Sanaomg St.. B. F.
.PRINTER*. EOCKUINDER3.
THE HICKS- Jl TDD CO.,
23 First otreet. San Francisco.
STATIONER ANO PRINTER.
,06 California p A 2TRIDGE T 'f Set"* . •
ADVERTISEMENTS.
wigSAN JOSE. March 13.— Evidence in the
Mansfleld-O'Keefe libel suit to-day tended
to reveal a lack of Interest on the part of
Sheriff Mansfield Is the prosecution of
DesireUo lor the murder of young John
eon. District Attorney Bullock at San
Mateo was on the f rand all forenoon.
He enumerated instances which he
claimed showed partiality for Desirello
on the part of Jud«;e Buck and Sheriff
STANFORD UNIVERSITY. March
13.— It took the Stanford Varsity ball team
eleven innings to defeat the San Jos©
Normal boys in a pame played on the
campus this afternoon. The final score
was 11 to 10.
Eullock Continues His Testimony.
Eleven Innings Played.
Stanford's Tennis Champion.
STANFORD UNIVKUSITY. March 13.—
\V. I*. Roth of th« freshman class won
the tennis championship in singles to-day
from S. H. Coons. The Fcore by sets was
€-2. 3-6 C-2. Roth will represent Stanford
in the intercollegiate singles match with
Berkeley on April 3^
, •
Fourth race— Glendepnln*, Victoria S, Mar-
Fifth race— Telamon. Advance Guard, Beau
Ormonde.
Rixth race— Vohlcer. St. Wood, Gibraltar.
Oakland Selections.
Flrrt race— Killdoe, Zlrl, Jarretlcrre d'Or.
Second race— Skip Me, Miss Rowena, Scally
*at. . . • »,fv:i
Third race— The Light, Mocorito, Tame Irish
tr.aa
Pix'h race— Seven furlongs; four-year-olds
end upward; jelling. SiT
1572 Grand fachem. 1^3; V$l Cromwell ins
EOaVobtcer 10«j 2fl73 Gibraltar 105
<2C4S)St. Wood 106: CS2 Meropa 105
Fifth rac» — One mile and a Fixteenth; three
vear-clds and upVard; Gunst handicap.
T% My Gyr^y B| 2 f >S4 Eea.u Ormonde. 96
2<i".3 Telamon 1001 1?<23 MacGyle S9
!1<* Herculean V4 if*<; I'arda S3
«2'«">>A<lvanc« GuardUl] 2MI Florlzar 1OS
2m Sea Lio.-i l".i 2074 Former* 110
""13 Yellow tall ' U0| 14% Goldone 92
Fourth race— Three furlcngs; two-year-olds;
frilling.
<I^5S><"onstaMe 1"3 CTOOGlendenniBg ...109
Tellowstone .V.IM 2 f «5S Warder 103
KM Estado 106 — Juros VI
;<¦',« Maraschino ...A'*, 2010 R. • Bonner II. .103
1S50 Victoria S 105,
Third r»rf — Six furlongs; four-year-olds and
i!r n ~ ar/ i; wiling.
nSODDadcoy lei; 1477 Gauntlet 107
Cl*5 riarando 106 2(C2 Gold Baron ....104
C'llTb" Light K* ?M Mocorito 102
;r.37 Paul of TarsuF.101 20;4 Mitten 98
1S^6 Tame Irishman. 1071 .
Second race — Futurity course; three-year-olds
sr.d upward; Belling.
2f>4S Flm Call IIS' 2rS7 Skip Me 97
mr Morlnita 120: 2"14 Yodel 97
2"S3 Fide! Youlin ..J<>4 5<*>1 Miss Rowena.-llS
lsK» Downhearted .. 92 O'CMSuhliizy* l ft 2
193 Rsthpar !<4 < 204 S). Mike Strauss.. .US
2.yT Scallywag ...... K4. ?fCi Alleviate 118
S'itS Free Pats 103: 2CK Mldlove 113
F"irFt race — Four furlongs; two-year-olds;
purs*.
(^TDKHMoe lloi roSTZirl 110
i'ftTl Jarreti're d'Or.l'.O 2'A"9 Gartha 110
IT.'T You-Yuu 110)
Oakland Entries.
21O5. FEOOND RACE— One mile and an
-«»i(rhth: selling; four-year-olds and upward;
I'Urse, J4C'O.
Jirlex. Horse, Wt. Jockey. St. «j. Str. Fin.
20TS Ponator. 6, lf'S...Mounce 3 2 1 In 12
?•«« linn I.u;f, a. lin..I>omnk 4 1 l j 2 3 2 5
VH» Alicia a. 101. K. Mathwp 2 3 1 3 5 3 8
?r.44 Rinprtfcster. a. l<i3..Ftlry 5 4 2 4 6 4 2
2WS Kastainf. 5. 101 Hoar 1 6 5 5
Time— H- :13: U, -«: S. iSV&i *«. 1:204: mile.
145 1 .: l**m. \:IS. Good Mart. Won cleverly.
Feeond anj third <lrlvin£.» Winner. «:. Mul
!¦ .-¦ . - br. g. \;y imp. Brutus-Miss Gift.
Iterator much the best. Demlr.lck on Don
LuSf laid over tgainrt him all through, the
•¦tretrh. Alicia ran a fair race on!y. Scratched
— Barney- F 39. Im|»rlone 106.
Donator. 3-5; Don Luis, 3; Alicia, S; Ring
rnaEter. 15; Kastalne, UO.
21OO. THIRD RACE— On» mi!e and a six
(rf-mh; et-llinc; three-year-olds and upward;
jiurse, J400.
Inflex. Horse. Wt. Jockey. St. 4. Etr, Fin.
<:oiT)Sc©tch Plaid. «. 110.. Bull 1 1 n 12 12
SES G. Badge. 3. 92. .Jackson 4 2 n 3 1 2 2
MR VamMl. a. 103 llounce 5 5 2 2 14
2*3 Herculean, t, lCV.Howell S J2 4 5 4 12
S'« R Lyons, 2, SL.Sheehan 2 4 4 6 5
Time— 1-16. :C7; »4. :20: 'r. :51; »i. 1:1S: mile.
I:43'i: 1 1-lSm. l:5C l i. Ocxl etart. Won eas
ily. S-rond and third driving. Winner. Bums
£• Waiejhouse'B h. g. ty imp. Midlotliian-
Mcule. Winner much the best. Gold Badgn
stayed v/ell. Vassal did his best. Howell on
Herculean rode, like a. \avjuero. Scratched—
Morellito 110.
Bettinjr— Scotch Plaid. 1-2; Gold Badge. DO;
Vassal, S; Herculean, 3; Billy Lyons, 100.
21OT. FOURTH RACE— Two miles; three
year-olde and upward; rurse. $500.
Index. Horse. Wt. Jockey. St. 14. Str. Fin.
ISM Locochee. 5, 1<* See 4 15 18 120
:."** Dr. Marks. C. lOSt.Fallhy 3 3 5 2 5 2 2
2irrr Bangor. €. Ill M ounce 2 4 5 3 50 3 100
3057 Kvirato «>. 109 Golden 5 S 4 4
O*7)E! Mido. 5. 10*..lx>mnc!c 1 2 3 Bled...
Tlme-U. :S5; mile, 1:01; 14m. 2:46^; l^m.
l:H; 2m. 2:«1. Good etart. Won easily. Sec
ond and third driving. Winner. C. E. Dur
nell'e ch. g. by Locohatrh«-Ssarg. Locochee
jralloped throughout. El Mido bled aMer guing
a mile and a quarter. l>r. Marks ran a fair.
race. Bangor ran ia etreaks. Scratched— The
BobLy 1C2.
Betting— Locochee. 3; Dr. Marks, 15; Bangor,
7-5; Evirato, 100; El Mido, S-5.
2IOS.. FIFTH RACE-Seven furlongs; selling;
four-year-olds and upward: purse, $400.
Index. Horse. Wt. Jockey. St. \±. Str. Kin.
OteOVtiVr. Cup. 6, lW.Mathws 3 14 14 1 na
:<73 Horton, 5, lC3...Eullr:ian 4 3 2 2 4 2 5
V.~6 Fiamero, T., 119... .Kelly 6 3 3 3 1 3 2
UKSISe* Lien. 6. H3..Domnk 2 2 3 4 5 4 1
2M7 Opponent. 6. 105..Meany 5 6 5 5 5 S
2<M* Ikmndlee. 4. 107..Mounce 1 4 h € 6
Time-4. :134: »;. -5; 4. :*?V. T 4. IM. Go^d
ftart. Wen first three drivir.s. Winner, George
W. Miller*, b. m. by Belvldere-Lizzette. Buil
::.;•.? on Horton had race wen. and then tossed
It off Jn a. fit of gayety. Fiamero closed strong.
!->a Lion barked at head of stretch. Coundlee
has lort his form.
IJrttir.R— I>jving Tup. 9-2; Horton, 1; Fiamero,
20; Sva. Lion, 5-2; Opponent. 20; Boundlee, 20.
:i(K). 5IXTH RACE— Futurity course; pell
'.np; three-year-olds and upward; purse, $300.
Index. Hcrse, Wt. Jockey. St. \' t . Str. Fin.
19.-.1 Peace* 5". 1<* Ransch 1 1 n 12 In
<lS<>6»;ullah. 4. 104 Mounce 2 2 5 2 4 2 1
l«fi* Lfceonoroo. 6. 103.. Golden 4 3 h 3 3 3 18
2059 Parsifal, 3. S»l..Fauntlroy 6 4 4 4 1 4 4
2T.36 Maydine. 4, 103... Howell .3 6 * 7, i
?ffl Follow Me. S. 91. ..Hoar 3 3 1 5 1 6
2056 Gartaline, 5. 110. Bozemn Left
Time— To J^. :22; to H. :46Vi: la« S. 1:03;
fhort *t. 1:13. Good Mart. Won flrst three
driving. Winner. George FoEter"e ch. m. by
imp. Midlothian-Turniiil. Peace, lidilen from
the Jump, joutfooted Nullah. Loconomo ran
fairly well. I'arslfal can do better. Scratched
—Romany 1C5, Skip Me P2, Rlnaldo 110, Quiz
II P7.
Bmirjf— Peace, 1; Nullah. 13-3; Loconomo,
:.".; Parsifal. 6; Maydine, 9; Follow .Me. 40;
Gartaline. 6«.
maiden Ipiijmi nlfll. purse, 1300.
Index. Horse, Wt, Jockey. St. V fitr. Fin.
2 *I Monastic, 115 nail 2 2 4 32 In
506» Jrtr.a A. US Cansin 1 12 12 2 2
2^2 Botany. IIS-.K. Mathe-ws 4 4 4 4 5 3 4
:?M6 I,e*rato. 113 Weir « 3 2 2 1 4 4
?r«9 Flattered, 110 Hoar 7 7 6 151
2'"46 iFar 110 MnuTice 5 €1 5 1 6 1
Ml I'ort IJell. 110 Golden S S 1 7 7
Tim*- 1 ,. SStt: St. :51%. Good start. Won
fir-fit three driving. Winner, Atkin & LottridKe's
br. (?. by imp. Anrhcrite-Roke. Oarsln on Irna
A had race ui> h'.s sleeve, cased up. and was
thec outf.nished and out^'m-raled. tJotany not
a stayer. Lecato had !"]-rf»«vi to the Mretch.
Benin*— M«nasti<\ f-l; Irma A, S: Botany. 3;
Legato, 10; Flattered. I.'.; Isar, *; Poet Be'.l, 100.
OAKLAND EACETEACK — Wednes
day, March 13, i:*)l.— Weather fine.
Track slow.
2IO4. FIRST RACE- Four furlongs; selling;
CALL'S RACING FORM CHART.
Results at New Orleans.
NEW ORLEANS, March 13.--Weather
cloudy: track muddy. Results:
Six furlongs, selling — Tom Collins won. Uterp
ee<?ond, Georte B. Cox third. Time. 1:18.
Four and a half furlongs— Lou \yoods won.
Blue Hidge eocond, Ardita third. Titae, :59«.
Steeplechase, handicap, short j-.oursc— Dic"«
Furber won, Divertlsemeat aecor.t!. Seiden
bach third. Time. 1:54.
One mile, selling— Swordsman won, J. H.
Barnes recond, Brdwn Veil third. Time. 1:47.
One and a sixteenth miles, selling—Linden
ella won, Trebor second. Goodale ttiird. Time.
X>&5. ' . "¦;""¦¦¦.:.
Six furlon**. selllne-^-Velma Clark won. Vlr
gie d'Or second, Amoroso third, "nma, V.Xy.
THE favorites fell down many
flights of stairs at Tanforan yes
terday afternoon, and the bookies
gathered up the pieces with more
than an unctuous satisfaction.'
Threet days of happy and good behavior
sent Chills of remorse over the favorite
hoofers that went to the post and paid
their most humble respects to the book
maker.
Surprise" number one was launched In
the first race, when McAlbert, at 10 to 1,
cast the first shadow underneath the wire.
Valencienne and Letiger were on the
boards at the same odas, 2 to 1, and re
ceived the play. Dunboy and Pat Mur
phy started out to make the pace, and
they kept in advance of the field to the
stretch, when Burns moved Letiger up
and Woods sent McAlbert right along
from the fifth position. Dunboy then fell
back. McAlbert winning, Letiger petting
the plac? and Dunboy tne shpw.
Lady Bird, a 3 to 5 favorite, ridden by
O'Connor, was not the performer the tal
ent imagined. After a bad start, in which
Burns on Lapidus got all the best of it,
the Held of seven ocgan a hot, cutting 1
pace over the three and a half furlong
course. "Lapidus was never headed, nor
did Contestant ever lose sight of the
place. Lady Bird got the show.
Catastrophe was the first real favorite
of the day to get the first money. The
race was between Catastrophe and
Diomed. though Onyx led all the way to
the stretch. They went over the mile
route in none too fast timfc.
Hands went up into the air and a joyous
shout came from the grand stand when
Dr. Cave beat out Tuthill In the seven
furlong race. Dr. Cave could be had at
any price from 15 to 1 to 30 to 1 and was
foolishly slighted by the bettors.
Soon after the start Thorpe took Dr. Cave
to the front, and all that Henry on Tut
hill or Burns on RedwaW could do availed
little as far as reaching Dr. Cave was
concerned. Toah was the 6 to 5 ftvorlte
with O'Connor up, but did not conj«j with
in the money.
Bard of Avon, pteered by Tommy Burns,
furnished another surprise. Wo de Altar
and Bonnie Lissak were considered the
likely winners, but there was no -other
horse in the race over the full five and a
half furlongs but the Bard. Bonnie Lis
sak, steered by O'Connor, worked her
way up through the field for the place.
Rio got the show.
So heavy was the play on Owensboro in
the last race that the odds were backed
down from 4 to 6 to R to 20. Owensboro
was the only horse in the race, though
Macy made a strong finish and got the
place. • ' .'i .
BY LOUIS H0NIG.
AT TANFORAN TRACK
MOBTOX. the game little red
horse, lost another purse at Oak
land track yesterday In a nailing
hard drive with Lovinpr Cup, and
what a howl of dissent went up
from some of his backers because the
mare's number was flashed first. The pair
met in the fifth race of the day at seven
furlongs, and Horton, with Johnny Bull
man in the saddle, received stanch back
ing at even money. Bullman had already
put Scotch Plaid over the plate winner,
and as this latter mount was to mark his
iinal appearance prior to departing for the
East, a great many left-handed and mati
nee speculators bet the limit. From the
start Bullman took no chances with Hor
ton, never letting Sea Lion or Loving
Cup get more than two lengths in front
of him. Losing three lengths by an un
usually wl»ie turn Into the stretch with
Horton, Bullman. by hard riding, later jon,
headed Loving Cup. taking the front po
sition. After passing the paddock, then
half a length to the good, Johnny made a
fatal err-jr. Putting his whip uway, he
eaped Horton up a bit, and as he did.
Loving Cup responded to Matthews' call
and. compelling Bullman to again resort
to the whip, nipped the favorite a head on
the post. Of course, to many on the other
side of the wire. It did not seem possible
that Loving Cup could get up, but people
will make many mistakes trying to pick
close finishes fT.m an. angle. To any of
the spectators in the grand stand on a
direct line with the wire it was plainly
apparent Loving Cup had won. It is diffi
cult to please all, however, and the Judges
came in for an unjust and uncalled for
display of hissing and jeering from fifty
or sixty disgruntled bettors.
The track was still . very heavy next
the rail, necessitating the use of the
'"overland route." Even with this draw
back, favorites managed to arrive on
echedule time in three instances. The
crowd was the largest of the week.
As distance event* are always popular
the two-mile run. a sort of preparatory
drill for the Thornton stake starters,
proved a most fetching attraction. For
some- inexplicable reason the public in
sisted on making Bar.gor favorite, taking
the chance that he would forget to sulk.
"Well, he didn't, and after a mile had been
traversed See on Locochee cut across loto
at the turn and assuming the lead fairly
cakewalked home, twenty lengths before
Dr. Marks. After going one mile and a
quarter El Mido, the second choice, was
attacked with a hemorrhage and Dom
inick pulled the hotss up. The winner, a
4 to 1 chance in the betting, is owned by
"Boots" Durnell, the Anglo-American
trainer, -who hissed the Horton decision,
because it was so deucedly unlike the
English custom, "doncher know."
A four furlong da^h for two-year-olds
opened the racing. Kddie Cassin looked
to be winning with the S to 1 shot Irma
A, when he eased uo and was downed
a neck by the favorite, Monastic. Botany
ran a fair third.
Five started in tlie.mile and a furlong
selling event, -with LJ^nator ruling a 1 to ?
favorite. Dominick on Don Luis tried
very hard to land- his mount, but tne
choice had too much in reserve, winning
cleverly by two lengths. Ringmaster ha3
lost all form, for Alicia led him out eight
open lengths for third place.
Bullman piloted Scotch Plaid and at 1
to 3 took tMe mile and a sixteenth purse
as he pleased. Little L. Jackson made
quite a hit bv getting the place on Gold
Badge, a 50 to 1 shoi. Old Vassai, pulling
up very lame, ran third.
Fred Foster's mare Peace, an even
money favorite, captured the last event
over the. Futurity course. Xullah trailed
in second place the entire route, losing at
the wire by a neck only.
Track Notes.
Oakland track offers the racegolng pub
lic one of the finest cards of the season
this afternoon. Besides five other well
filled events the rich Gunst handicap,
with a great field 01 horses starting, will
be the feature. Ad.-ance Guard and Tela
mon are now at Oakland track and are
certain to face the barrier.
U. V. Bell, the wealthy JCew Tork turf
man, had a swell wjger down on Horton
and took occasion to tell the judges {iiat
from his position their decision was per
fectly right.
In bidding good-by to friends Bullman
said that he bore none out the friendliest
feelings toward the Oakland officials. He
stated that he had received an offer to
stay over and ride Articulate in the
Derby, but for certaiu Reasons would un
der no conditions accept a mount away
from Oakland track.
Bullman is persevering and his honesty
above reproach and his California ad
mirers wish him every success the coming
season in the East.
AT OAKLAND TRACK.
BY F. E. MULHOLLAND..
Bullman flakes His FareweH Appearance on Hortoi
at Oakland and Loses to Loving Cup.
DR. CAVE AT 30 TO EASILY
BEATS TUTHILL AND TOAH
To Be Extended Only to Officials and
Persons Specified in a
Circular.
CUSTOMS COURTESIES
. ABE CURTAILED
Lyman J. Gage, Secretary of the Treas
ury, has notified Customs Collector. Strat
ton that the extension of special courte
sies to arriving passengers will be'IImited
hereafter as follows: To foreign embas
sadors, ministers, charges d'affaires,
secretaries of legation and high commis
sioners and to similar representatives of
this Government returning from abroad.
All these officers are entitled, by interna
tional usage, t6 the free entry of thq bag
gage and effects of themselves, their fam
ilies and suites without examination.
Courtesies may be extended on authority
from the department also to such high
officials of foreign governments as shall
be the iiubjects of special ¦¦ Instructions
from the department, to invalids and their
companions,. to persons arriving in charge
of their dead or summoned home in haste
bynews of affliction or disaster.
It has been found necessary In the in
terest of the revenue to withhold. the is
suance of passes on the revenue vessels
which carry" the boarding: officers to' their
assigned vessels, and such passes -will be
furnished.no longer except by special au
thority of the department.
CTowds Gre«t Heroes at Presidio.
} The Twenty-seventh • Infantry was met
at the Presidio wharf with the usual mil
itary ceremony and escorted to quarters
in Upper Model Camp. ¦ Fully 2000 civilians
witnessed the arrival of the troops from
the bay stearoars.
INSOLVENT HESTAl-JtAXT - KEEPER. —
Thomas J. May. r^staurant-ke»per." «an Kran
cisco. filed a petition in Insnlvpncy yesterday
Klvinjt his liabilities at J?S2 37 and his assets at
notr.incT.
A meeting of the milkmen ¦was held yes
terday at 20 Eddy street. One hundred
and fifty men were present, but no defi
nite action was taken in the matter of
forming an association. Another meeting
will be held at the same place Saturday
afternoon. • .
Milkmen Meet.
A new organization to be known as the
Retail Trades Council is the latest addi
tion to the ranks of labor organizations.
It is compored at present of delegates from
the Shoe Workers', Milk Wagon Drivers'
.unions and the Retail Clerks' Association.
The following oflicers were elected: Presi
dent, A. R. Andre; vice president, August
lten; tecretary' and treasurer, A. Dljeau:
sergeant at arms, J. Hamilton. An appli
cation was received from the Steam Laun
dry Workers' Union for membership, and
a committee was appointed to examine
into and report on the application.
The Retail Clerks' Association has
agreed to raise a considerable sum to be
expended in educating the public on th.»
early closing movement. The member'
will each be taxed $2 50 per month for trio
next twelve months. - The Carpenter:--'
Union has indorsed the actions of the
retail clerks and will levy a fln« of $5 on
any of their members who purchase goods
after 6 o'clock.
The Barbers' Union now has a member
ship of 950. The charter cf this union will
be closed the last day of this month. The
charter of the Laundry Workers' Union
will also be closed by April 1.
Techau's Tavern Is under the ban. A
fine ot $2 50 will *be imposed on any unlo.i
man who dines there.
the New Body.
Delegates From Various Labor Unions
Make Up Membership of
RETAIL TRADES COUNCIL
NEW LABOR ORGANIZATION
The grand pipe organ now in course of
construction for Stanford T'niversity Me
morial Chapel will be installed for use at
this concert and tho convention.
All singers possessing a good voice and
a fair ability to read music are invited t>
membership in this chorus. The Invita
tion is not extended solely to members of
the Kpworth I^rbup but to singers from
all religious societies and to all individ
uals possessing the requisite qualifica
tions.
The first rehearsal for the grand chorus
of two thousand voices now organizing
for the concert to be tendered the fifth
international convention of the Epworth
league will be held In the auditorium of
the Young Men's Christian Association
building:, corner of Mason and Ellis
streets, to-nlgbt at S o'clock.
Preparing for Immense Chorus.
man'e Bowery Boy vs. XT. J. Leonard's Tom
Hurllek; S. Handy's Twin City Girl vs. J.
Hurley's Bluest: H. A. Deckelman's Van
Chlbie vs. r>. Dillon's Granuvilla; George Shar
man's' Black Floss vs. Russell & Allen's Faith
ful Lad; R. E. de B. Lopez & Son's Jewess
vs. W. Delaney's Oriole; Yosemlte Ken
nels' Beauty Spot vs. P. J. Reilly's Laugh
neagh; W. Barters Best Bran.l vs. H. A. Deck
elman's Lawrence; J. J. Kenny's Hot Haste vs.
Clark & Grotages Ideala: D. j. Healy's Tapi
oca vs. H. Lynch' 3 Lottie 51: D. Tolman's
Pleasant Girl vs. J. Hurley's O. K. Capftol;
Chlarlnl Brcs." Brass Buttons vs. T. Jackson's
Golden Russet; F. W. Bartels' Mac's Meiaoy
v*. Sterl & Knowles' Olita; Pasha Kennels'
R?al Article vs. Pasha Kennels' Roundabout:
Aeneid Kennels' Alecta vs. J. Smith's Boney
Boy; Aeneid Kennels" Aethra vs. H. H. Gray's
Rona: R. E. de B. Lopez & Son's Para vs. F.
F. Bartels' Banner Brleht: . Pasha Kennels'
May Hemrstead \h. j. Mooney's Silent Treas
ure; Sterl & Knowles' For Glory vs. Chlarini
Bros.' Santonin: J. Hurley's Hurricane vs. J.
Moriarity's Kettleman; Erskln & Jones' Lstven
der vs. Georae Sharman's St. Ives; J. P.
Thrift's Tyrone Prince vs. Star Kennels' Mas
ter Lawrence: O. Zahl's Miss Wilson vs. J.
H. McNeil's B!nck Hawk: W. Glasson's Dew
Drop vs. F. A. McComb's Motto; Clark & Gro
taice's Lady Flavia vs>. C. O. Peterson's Silver
Cloud; Clark & Grotage's Memory vs P
Doyle's Liberator; Pasha Kennels' Royal Anns
vs. E. Kcllogg's Iowa Boy; T. Tierney's Lu
cretia Borgia vs. Pasha Kennels' Random Aim;
Reserve ttake — J. O. >CardlneU's Union Jack
vs W, Kahn'B Gold Ore; W. Glaseon's lone
vs! Pasha Kennels' Southerner; F. A. Mc-
Comb's Bona ¦ Fide vs. P. Stelnhoff's Veto;
Sterl & Knowles' Sleety Mist vs. T* Doyle's
Thelma; Pasha Kennels' Rollicking Airs vs.
Kay Bros." Hawker; P» J. Rellly'a Warship
vs. George Parkerson's, Ben Lomond; Larkey
& Bock's Ladies' Choice vs. E. Kellogg's Buck;
F. A. McComb's Frosty Morn vs. Pasha Ken
nels' Risky Attempt; F. Jones 1 Lovlna vs.
Correll Bros." Los Boy; F. A. McComb's Craw
ford Late vs. J. Smith's Master Workman;
P. J. Relay's Honesty vs. T. McCook's Fin
McCool; D. J. Healy's Urania vs. Gold Dust
Kennels' St. Michael; Sterl & Knowles' Rip
ple vs. R. E. de B. Lopez & Son's The Levite;
W. Aconite vs. D. J. Healy's Tib
uron: Aeneid " Kennels' Aeneas vs. YQsemlte
Kennels' Freedom's Bmner; Russell & Al
len's' Rosle Clalr vs. T. Jackson's Honor
BrlKht; H. A. Deekelmnn's Snapshot " vs. J.
Moriarity's Jimmy Anthony; E. Geary's Amer
ica vs. E. Kellogg's Kid "McCoy; George Shar-
Champion Rtake — Pasha Kennels* Rural Ar
tist vs. P. J. Rellly's Royal Union; M. Dun
lea's Erin vs. George Nethercott's Floodgate;
D. J. Healy's Larty.Clalr vs. E. Geary's Palo
Alto: George Sharman's Chicago Boy vs. Rus
cell & Allen's Spiteful; Yosemlte Kennels'
Mose vs. J. Dow-llng's Sir Lawrence; Pasha
Kennels' Roman Athlete vs. E. Geary's Ire
land; P. Jones' Harlean Gladys vs. F. A. Mc-
Comb's Little Sister; F. Jones' AVedgewood vs.
T>. 3. Healy's SUnuoc.
The courses for *the champion stake,
with sixteen entries, and the reserve
stake, with ninety-six entries, were drawn
at Pythian Castle last night. The courses
will be run off ut Union Coursing Park to
morrow and Sunday instead of Saturday
and SJunday as usual. The champion stake
will be decided on Sunday.
1 The results of the drawings are as fol
lows:
Hounds Selected to Compete
This Week Are Well
Matched.
FAST DOGS DRAWN
FOR THE STAKE
pj-np^HERE is an impression among the
I roomers in an Ellis-street lodging-
I house that one O'Brien, director of
i\ physical culture for the Young
Men's Christian Association, must
be a. holy terror. Not only that, but also
that he is turning docile and Irreproach
able young men of San Francisco Into
truculent young counterparts of Hercules,
who will, if nothing is done t& stay them
in- their progressive career, eventually
punch an end out of the lodging-house
that abuts upon their gymnasium. In the
meantime O'Brien smiles complacently,
entirely unconscious of the sensation
which he and his muscular pupils are cre
ating nightly.
Every evening, from 7 to 8 o clock, there
Is a volleying of hard-shut windows in the
lodging-house, simultaneously with the
beginning of a rattling in the gymnasium, r
which gains in speed and intensity up to j
about 10 p. m. At first the supposition |
was abroad that the progressive O'Brien j
bad some new sort of handball game from j
the East, whence he came,' that the balls !
were coming out of a repeating gun of the
Gatling fashion and bounding against the I
gymnasium wall, and that he was acting [
as "gunner and preceptor at one and the |
same time. This idea was laughed down j
by the men boarders. What then was the j
mysterious din? An emissary was secret- 1
ly sent to talk it over with O'Brien. This !
walking delegate arrived about 7:23 p. m. !
and was ushered into a room where the
instructor, in tights, was teaching a Bible
class of young -men, similarly arrayed.
The visitor gazed at their prodigious bl- 1
ceps development and their ponderous I
calves and suddenly became aware that j
he was in the presence of the "church i
militant." I
E. Kellogg'g Iowa Maid vs. Vlne'.l & McCar
thy's Prairie Princess: T. Tlerney's Tea Rns«
vs. C. Bonar's Wild Nora: L,. F. Bart»!s* Best
Bargain vs. Aenehl Kennels* Achilles.
Being a timid man, the emissary falt
ered out some excuse that would make a
recording angel -weep by reason of its in
sincerity and turned back to the lodging
house, petrifiea with astonishment at
what he had setn.
The whole nightly whirlwind of sound
which disturbs the lodgers cornea from the
young Men's Christian Association
punching bags, •which are close to the
party wall between the Y. M. C. A. gym
nasium and the lodging-house. These an
kept bounding back and forth with a din
that might fill a Chinese orchestra with
envy. Very likely the lodgers are right
in one respect. If one of the muscular
Christian athletes should miss the ba«r
once, nothing rould stop him from punch
ing In the lodging-house wall. Hence the
athletes will be cautioned to hold their
muscle3 a bit, for demolishing lodging
houses is not vet included in the Y. M. C.
A. course of physical culture.
TRUCULENT YOUNG ATHLETES OF THE YOUNG MEN'S CHRISTIAN ASSOCIATION "SLUG" THE BAGS WITH
SUCH VIM AS TO CREATE CONSTERNATION AND FEAR IN A LODGING-HOUSE ADJOINING, "WHERE THE
. GUESTS SHIVER IN TERROR.
Messrs. Dunne, Hampton, Nealon and
Lenihan in an Exhibition Match
at Olympic Club.
Half a hundred members of the Olympic
Club, who are devotees of the game of
handball, and a number of ladies, guests
of the club, were last night given a cor
rect idea how the game should be played.
Ex-Alderman James Dunne of Brooklyn,
J. C. Nealon, Al Hampton and "Dick"
Lenihan, masters of the game, played a
four-handed contest, and during the en
gagement the enthusiasts went wild over
the brilliant playing. The "rubber" was
played in honor of Miss Dunne, the Misses
Nealon and Miss Hampton, none of whom
have ever seen their father and brother
play the game.-
Messrs. Dunne and Nealon have passed
the fifty year mark, but to see them skip
ping about the court, a spectator, might
be convinced that they were but one score
and ten. Hampton and Dunne paired off
and Nealon und "Dick" Lenihan, the
"over-hand s'.vip£r." were -their oppo
nents. The latter team secured the first
game by a score of 21-19. The next three
games went to Hampton and Dunne by
the following scores: 21-19, 21-13, 21-13.
The work ' of the men was brilliant.
Dunne's play was eagerly watched, and
his playing created enthusiasm. His easy
manner of returning the ball, meeting it
in the air and Killing. it with the left was
the best seen at the Olympic court since
its erection. The games were hard-fought
and were only won by the hardest kind of
playing. Mr. Nealon played a more con
sistent game than his partner, Lenihan.
The latter was bent on "killing" the ball
and. although he was successful in a ma
jority of attempts, he failed at. critical
moments. Hampton played his usual great
game.
MASTEES OF HANDBALL
PLAY BRILLIANT GAMES
four-year-olds. and up; purse, $350.
Index. Horse, Wt, Jockey. St. *H- Str. Fin.
2f>52 McAlbert. a. 110.. Woods S 3 1 2 h 1 1 Vi
2C21 Letter, 4, 107 Burns 7 6 3 4 Vs 2 ns
2050 Dunboy, a, 110 Henry 4 1 h 1 h 3 \<,
17M St. Anthcny. 4. .107.O'Con 6 5 3 3h 4'^
1958 Faunette. 6. llO.Alexndr 5 8 6 6 5 1
2f'52 Valencienne. 6, lOg.Mlllr 2 4 H 5 H 6 12
P14 Pat Murphy, a, HO.Thrp 12 1 7 10 7 12
2i'E0 Lady Maud. 4, UO.Wedd 8 7 1 8. 8 '
1&71 Sw. V^ill'm. 6. HO.Petsn Left .:. ..."
Time— 14. :26H: H. :4S«4: %, 1«15U. ' Good
Btert. Won fhst three driving. Winner, James
Woods' ch. g. hy imp. Albert-Verona C. : Mc-
Albert outgamed his field. Letiger closed up
a lot of ground in the stretch. Valencienne
frtoppefl bedly. Murphy some early speed.
Scratched-Sweet Voice 105, Amelia Fonso 108.
Betting— McAlbert, S; Letiger, 7-2; Dunboy,
1S-5; St. Anthony. 10; Faunette. 8; Valencienne.
7-2; Tat Murr'hy, 20; Lady Maud. 50; Sweet
William, ICO.
20J)J>. SECOND RACE— Three and a half fur
lor.gs; selling; two-year-olds; purse, $400.
Index Horse, Wt, Jockey. St. %. Str. Fin.
IMS Lapidus. 110 Burns 2 14 12 12 I
2C27 Contestant. 107 Daly 12 3 2 3 2 n
(2OO4)Lady Bird. 107.0'Connor 3 3 4 3 3 3 3
2022 Pepper Sauce. llC.Knos 4 5 3 4 % 4 1
2(><M Itemele. • 105 Ross 8 6 2 6 1 5*i»
197it Sir Claus, 110 Thorpe 5 4 >4 6 2 6 3
1£SJ Dr. MeN'utt. 110... Henry 7 7 7.7
Time-3-16, :18U; 7-16. :42%. Good start. Won
ridden out. . Second and tb.lrd driving. Win- '
Per. W. B. Jennings & Co.'s b. c. by imp. Star
Ruby-Pearl V. Burns outgeneraled the others
at the start. Lady Bird was a bit shy on
speed to-day. Contestant showed Improve
ment. Pepper Sauce acts stale. Scratched—
l.epal Maxim 109. . ¦
Betting— Larldus, 9-2; Contestant, 30; Lady
Bird. 3-5; Pepper Sauce, 12; Remele, 100; Sir
Claus. 10; Dr. McKutt. 12.
SI OO. THIRD ?ACE- One mile; selling; four
year-olds and up; purse, $100.
Index. Horse, Wt, Jockey. St. H- Str. Fin.
2043 Catasfphe, a, lll.O'Con 6 3 3 13 12
2U19 Diomed. 4, 107.... Thorpe 4 5h 4 H 2 2
2019 Limelight, S, 111. .Henry 5 4 h 5 1 SI '
1M3 Sidelong, 5. 106.Burlngm 7 6 5 3 Ai 4 3 '
2052 Onyx, S, 111 Enos 2 1H 2(j 52
1?71 Talma. 4, 110.' Miller 3 2 1 6 4 6 1
2'j73 Mar. Seven. 4. 105.Watrb 17 7 7
Time— 14. :26: H. :MV4; %. l:16'i: mile, l:43?i.
Good Etart. Won easily. Second and third
driving:. Winner, D. H. Barnes' b. g. by imp.
Mldlothlan-Mtsfortune. Diomed sulked all the
way to the stretch or he would have won. '
Limelight ran his race. Sidelong ran a fair'
race. Slow pace made It easy for Catastrophe.
Scratched— Rufalba 104, Rapido 106.
Betting— Catastrophe, 4-5; Diomed, 2; Lime
light. 7; Sidelong, 30; Onyx, ICO; Talma, 60;
Slarch Seven. 100.
2101. FOURTH RACE— Seven furlongs; three
y car-olds and up; purse, $400.
Ii.dex. Horse, Wt, Jockey. St. **. Str. Fin.
(2043)Dr. Cave. 4, 115.. Thorpe 4 13 11 11
2066 Tuthill. 4. 115 Henry 13 1 2 h 2 ns
(2O55)Redwald,'4. 113.... Burns 2 5 5 3 1
<i02S)Toah, 3, 103.... O'Connor 5 4 h 3 2 4 6
207S Ada N. 3. y9.......Meade 3 2h 42 5
Time— U. :25Vi; », :49li; %. l:0H4: %. 1:27>4.
Good start. Won flrst three driving. Winner,
Martin & Patton"s b. h. by imp. Regalls-
Maud B. Dr. Cave had all the speed. Tuthlll
ran his race. Toah hung in the .last fifty yards.
Ada. X is stale. Redwald closed strong.
Betting— Dr. Cave. 30; Tuthill, 8-5; Redwald,
f; Toah, 6-5; Ada N, 10.
£102. FIFTH RACE-Five and a half fur
lcngs; three-year-olds;" purse, $330.
Ir.dex. Horse. Wt. Jockey. St. »i. Str. ' Fin.
202S Bard of Avon, 109. Burns 2 12 11 1 l^i
(2054)Bonnie I-issak, 107.O'Con 13 2 2 12 8
(2C62)Rlo de Altar, 112.Thorpe 3 2 h 3 2 3 1
2C42 llliluon, 104 /Daly 4 6 514 1
.... Bronze Wing. 112. Henry S 4 h 4 1 5 2
2C31 Cushion, 107 Miller 5 5h 6 6
Time— 1-16, :f!6»i; 3-16. :lS*i: 5-16, :30>i: B^f,
1:O"H- Good start. Won ridden out. Second
and third driving. Winner. C. R. Ellison's b.
p. by The Bard-Water Lily. Bard of Avon
best. Hfirmie Lls*ak ran her race. Rto de
Altar acted very badly at the post, wearing
himself out. Scratched— Ma rcy 104, Commuter
107. . • •
Betting— Bard of Avon, 8-5; Bonnie Llssak,
2: Rio de Altar. 11-5; llliluon, 100; Bronze
Wing, 50; Cushion, 30.
2103. SIXTH RACE-Mile and seventy yards;
selling; four-year-olds and up; purse, $400.
Irdex. Horse. Wt. Jockey. St. M. Str. Fin.
2077 Owensboro. 4, llO.Henry 2 2 2 12 1 IVi
2073 ifacy. a. 114... .O'Connor 6 3 >£ 2 1 2
2055 R. del B'dos, a, lll.Brns 3 6 5 2 3 3
2031 Royal Prize. 6. 111. Enos 4 4 h 4 2 4 8
2023/lEtler Joe. a, 114. Thorpe 5 5 3 6 5 6
2013 Sir K'gston, 4, 107.Bergn 1 1 n 3 *i . 6
Time-70 yards, :04%; U. :25H: M, -^V*: %.
1:15H: mile, l:42^i: lm 70yds, 1:47. Good start.
Won cleverly. Second and third driving. Wln
rer. S. C. Hlldreth's ch. -h. by imp. t>e Beau
volr-Fannie Lyons. Sir Kingston stopped
badly. Owensboro the best horse. Bandidos
closed stoutly. Maey and Ostler Joe both sore
and dicky. Scratched— Artilla 105, McNamara
107.
Betting— Owens.boro, 1-2; Macy. 7-2; Rey del
Ban-lidos. 15; Royal Prize, 30; Ostler Joe, 15;
Kir Kingston, 30.
TANFORAN PARK — Wednesday,
March 13, 1301.— Weather fine. Track
2O0S. FIRST RACE— Six furlongs; selling;
CALL'S RACING FORM CHART.
It is known that Burns is with Williams
to the end. and that all his influence and
money will be behind the Emeryville
track.
When the transfer of the smaller inter
ests was .made, those selling assured Mr.
Williams of their loyalty and support,
and said they would stand by him .to the
finish and lend him every assistance.
"I wish to retain your friendship and
advice and ask the present board of direc
tors to remain in .office, each to hold Ju;.'t
enough stock to legally qualify hint
"I have heard" rumors of a proposed
compromise. No one has bee'n authorized
by me to offer a compromise. The only
offer I have made is one of purchase. I
have offered $600,000 for the Tanforan and
Ingleside tracks and the offer still stands.
The only compromise I'll make is to buy
these tracks at a liberal price. I have
looked for no compromise and have asked
for none. Furthermore, I will not enter
tain any proposition for one.
"I know I am right, and I know I will
eventually win."
"While I appreciate the loyalty of all
of you in the track war that Is on I wish
to in no way embarrass any of you and
for that reason have, with Mr. Burns,
secured all the stock. 1 have my own
ideas of how this battle should be con
ducted and want to carry. them out.
"I have no doubt of the outcome. I feel
certain of success.
Furthermore it is announced by Messrs.
AVIlliams and Burns that there will be
no compromise with the San Francisco
Jockey Club, which • owns the Tanforan
and Ingleside tracks.
While AVilllams and Burns have always
held a controlling interest in the Califor
nia Club there hav« been a. number of
6mall_ shareholders. These*- were called
together at the rooms of the club on
Kearny street last night and Mr. Wil
liams said to them:
Thomas H. Williams Jr. and Colonel D.
M. Burns are now sole owners of all the
interests of the California Jockey Club
and sole proprietors of the Emeryville
racetrack. They have bought the Inter
ests of Mose Gunst and all others who
owned stock in the club.
President Says He Will Fight to a
Finish and Has No Doubt of
Williams and Burns Buy All
Stock of California •.
Jockey Club.
THEY BECOME
SOLE OWNERS
SAN JOSE, March 13.— Sheriff H. J.
Langford was to-day made defendant in
a' $25,000 damage suitby Mrs. Emilie T.
Spring, the divorced wife of H. M: : N.
Spring, formerly, a • \\ ell-known . merchant
of this city. Mrs. Spring alleges that -the
Sheriff seized and sold without her con
sent a half-interest' in the T. W.' Spring
Company belonging to her. The suit is
the culmination of ihe divorce troubles of
the Springs.
Sues Santa Clara's Sheriff.
The Park Commissioners at their meet
ing next Thursday will adopt rules gov
erning the use of "autos" in the park. In"
order that they can make suitable regu
lations the Commissioners will . be given
a ride through the park In a machine
handled by one of the club's experts.-
At a "meeting of the Automobile Club
last night In the Parrott building the
members dl^cusred the advisability of ad
mitting members without the payment of
the Initiation fee of $15 for a period of
thirty days. By this plan it Is hoped to
secure a large membership.' During the
last month a great many applications for
membership in the club have been re
ceived. The first club Yun to. be held
through the park will take place Sunday,
April 7. D. H. Rogers was selected to
marshal the chaffeurs, who will assem
ble at the comer of Van Ness and Golden
Gate avenues at 11 a. m.
Automobile Club Meeting.
Fourth race— Six furlongs; three-year-olds
and up; high-weight handicap: .
2076 Dang. Maid....U2 (207S)MaRffle Davis.. Ill
203S Sad Sam 110 1923 MacGyle 106
1966 Genua 95 2029 Our Ll?zle 108
2013)Sly 125 (20«7)Theory 118
Fifth race— Six and a half furlongs; 'maiden
three-year-olds; purse: : y.
....Master Carl. ...103 2031 Lucera 107.
1702 Wardman 112 1740 Golden 104
2031 Robert J 107 2031 Road Agent 107
20<S2 Immodell 107 1 1954 Aphrodls ... 107
2031 The Gaffer lC'iJ 2028 Mrs. Brunell...lO7
20U Alpha Lee lO* 2031 Tilt 104
Sixth race— Mile and a half; on the flat:
handicap; for qualified jumpers: '
20R8 Tom Sharkey...llO 2C07 Rapldo 105
2018 May Boy 110 J063 Ollnthus 12S
2063 J O C 115 201« Koenlg 112
Tanforan Selections.
First race — Prejudice, Tizona, > Brenhllda.
Second race— Princess Tltanla, Moonbright,
Alzura.
Third race— Star Chamber, Tuthill, Gonfalon.
Fourth race— Theory, Sly, Maggie Davis.
Fifth race— Golden, The Gaffer, Aphrodls.
Sixth race— OHnthus, Koenlg. Rapldo.
Third race — One mile;- four-year-olds and up;
purse:
1S49 Star Chamber.. 110 (2074)Pupll 110
2101 Tuthlll ...110 2074 Gonfalon 110
Second race— Five and a half furlongs; three
year-old fillies; celling:
2062 Sinn HI 2091 Artena 1...107
<2014)Telephone Girl. 107 2078 Nellie Forest. ..109
2028 Alzura 113 2054 Moonbrlght ....113
2014 Luca 107 U541)Pr' cess Tltanla.107
First race— Six furlongs; four-year-olds and
up; selling:
19S2 Silver Garter. ..1101 1969 Prejudice 105
21CO LlmeliRht 100' Jennie 108
2086 Foul Play 95! 2052 Tizona ....102
SI* Taruba 1101 2018 Brenhllda 110
Tanforan Entries.
TUB- SAU JfKAACISUO CALr/v, THUKSDAT, MARCH 14, 1901.
O'Brien's Doughty Christian Association Athletes Send
Wave of Fear Into Lodging=House.
GUESTS TERROR STRICKEN
BY PUNCHING BAG RATTLE
4
What is wanted of soap
for^ the skin is to wash it
clean and not hurt it.
Pure soap does that. This
is why we want pure soap;
and when we say pure,
we mean without alkali.
Pears' is pure; no. free
alkali. There are a thou-
sand virtues of soap; this
one is enough. You can
trust a soap that has no
biting alkali in it.
"All sorts of 6tores, sell it, especially
druggists; all sorts^of peoole use it.
MARCH SEVENTEEN.
ooooo oooo oooo oooo oooo oooooooooooo-TobVocooooooooooc
OOOOO OOOO OOOO OOOO OOOO OOOOOOOOO OOOO OOOO OOOO OOOO OOOO
OOOOO OOOO OOOO OOOO OOOO OOOOOOOOO OOOO OOOO OOOO OOOO OOOO
2222 OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO ° ooooooooo oooo oooo oooo oooo oooo
ooooooooo oooo oooo oooo ooooooooo oooo oooo oooo oooo oooo
OOOOO OOOO OOOO OOOO OOOO OOOOOOOOO OOOOOOOOOOOO OOOO OOOC
ooooo oooo oooo oooo oooo ooooooooo oooo oooo oooo oooo oooo
OOOOO OOOO OOOO OOOO OOOO OOOOOOOOO OOOO OOOO OOOO OOOO OOOO
OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO ¦' i i ii OOOOO OOOOOOOOOOOO
ooooooooooooooooo oocoooooooooooooo
OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO A Tk«.—*«J OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
SSSSSSSSSSSSSS°S° A Thousand oooo6o555o5oo6oo5
ooooooooooooooooo . ooooooooooooooooo
nn«nno«nSSSSSSS°S Of Salt OOo5o6o§§§§SS§S§§
S 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 000000000 $¦•> coooooooooooooooo
oSSSSSSoSoSSSSSSS ByJosedeOivares. ooooooooooooooooo
ooooooooooooooooo J ooooooooooooooooo
OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
S2SS22S22 00000000 ooooooooooooooooo
ooooooooooooooooo -.- • ¦:- ">• ,¦:. ooooooooooooooooo
ooooooooooooooooo £* the "Dlinnv ooooooooooooooooo
OOOOOO . " V DiAiiuj OOOOOO"" " ¦
ooaooo . Htrd" T\7inft> oooooo
f 1 !,^ oooooo llv g uance. oooooo t»1-
1116 oooooo b« a--- n,-. oooooo lnC
oooooo uy Anne page. oooooo . a***'
c-»* oooooo oooooo --. _
Xf/\|«\7 oooooo ¦ oooooo tZffl
*JI\J1 V OOOOOO OOOOOO \lll 1
oooooo TJi C Dirf|Hin(5 nf oooooo
oooooo *«c . uviiumg ui oooooo iT7»tl«
OI OOOOOO IlMnn't Mow OOOOOO Wllll
oooooo LlptOn S M2W oooooo ww ****
Mv •••••••t*- Yacht. •»«»«••»«» fhg
_ ._ oooooo •¦ oooooo __
I TTO oooooo oooooo Dnrp
L,W£. oooooo Farlv I^jiu oooooo IvUjv
oooooo Eany nay oooooo
Bv °o°o°° Thcatricak in §§§s§s in Her
*-*J r oooooo _ . . oooooo •" *T
oooooo San Francisco. o Q o o o o u # .
T\-nv\Tv»t-Ti oooooo oooooo I17ITT*
Papiilla. gOOOOO ByHarryGa^ gggggg IlalF
nnnoOO •__ ¦ ' nnnrmn
OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO w* i-_ . OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
ooooooooooooooooo liOOIsS, ooooooooooooooooo
ooooooooooooooooo . _. . ooooooooooooooooo
ooooooooooooooooo riclion ooooooooooooooooo
ocooooooooooooooo ooooooooooooooooo
ooooooooooooooooo nn( i Hon^phnld ooooooooooooooooo
ooooooooooooooooo ana nouicuuiu ooooooooooooooooo
OOOOO OOOOCOOOOOOO M»*i»»»«« " OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
ooooooooooooooooo iHtillClj. ooooooooooooooooo
ooooo oooo oooo oooo ooooooooooooooooo
COOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO 1^"«— ™^^^^^-«^^ OOOOO OOOOOOOOOOOO
oooooooooooooooooooooooobooooooooooooooooooooooooo
OOOOO OOOOOOOO OOOO OOOO OOOOOOOOO OOOO OOOO OOOO OOOO OOOO
ooooo oooo oooo oooo oooo ooooooooo oooo oooo oooo oooooooo
oooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo
OOOOO OOOOOOOO OOOO OOOO OOOOOOOOO OOOO OOOOOOOO OOOO OOOO
OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO O O OOOOOOOOOOOO OOOOOOOfOOOOOOOOOOOO
ooooo ooooo o p.o. o ° o.ojp.o P_o_o.o Q ° ooooooooooooooooo oooo ooooTO ARRIVE.
Steamer Movements.
NEW YORK— Arrived March 13— Stmr No
madic, from Liverpool.
Sailed March 13 — Stmr Liruria. for Genoa,
etc; striir Siberian, for Glas&o\y; stmr St Louis,
for Southampton; stmr Germanic, for Liver
pool.
Arrived March 13— Stmr Philadelphia, from
Liverpool: stmr Majestic, from Liverpool and
tiueenstown.
DOVER— Passed March 12— Stmr Isls. from
San Francisco, via Valparaiso and St Vincent,
C V, for Hamburg:.
CAPE' SPARTEL— Passed March 12— Stmr
Hy«on, from Tacoma, via St Vincent, C V, for
Naples.
CONSTANTINOPLE— Arrived March 12-Stmr
Auguste Victoria, from New York, on Orien
tal cruise.
ANTWERP— Arrived March 13— Stmr Neder
laiifl. from Philadelphia.
QUEtrNSTOWN-Sailed March IT- Stmr Lak-
Megantlc, for St John, N B, and stmr Sax
: onia. for Boston, both from' Liverpool.
SOUTHAMPTON — Sailed March 13 — Stmr
Lahn. from Bremen, for New York.
SYDNEY, NSW— Arrived prior to March 13—
Stmr Ventura, from San Francisco, via Hono
lulu and Auckland.
ROTTERDAM— Arrived March 13— Stmr Rot
terdam, from New York, via Bouloirne.
HONGKONG— Arrived March 13— Stmr Doric,
from San Francisco, via Honolulu, Yokohama,
Nagasaki and Shanghai: etmr Mllos, from
Portland. Or. via Yokohama.
Sailed March 13— Stmr Empress of Japan, for
Shanghai, Nagasaki, Yokohama and Vancou
ver, H C.
YOKOHAMA— Arrived March 11-Stmr Em
press of China, from Vancouver.
OCEAN STEAMERS,
hence March 11: schr Ida McKay, from San
Pedro; stmr San Pedro, hence March 11; stmr
Aberdeen, hence March 11.
• Sailed March 12— Stmr Brunswick, for Ban
Krarici^co: stmr Scotia, for San Francisco;
stmr Alliance, for Portland.
Arrived March 13 — Stmr Eureka, hence
March 12.
Sailed March 13— Stmr Chas Nelson, for San
Francisco.
GRAYS HARBOR— Arrived March 15— Bktn
Monitor, hence March I; schr Lettltla, hence
Feb 24.
ASTORIA— Arrived March 13. from sea— Schr
Louis, leaking.
TACOMA— Sailed March 13— Schr Sailor Boy.
for San Francisco. " •*
POUT GAMBLE— Arrived March 13-Schr
Queen, from Kahului.
TILLAMOOK-Sailed' March II— Stmr W II
Krueer. for San Pedro; etmr Chlco. for San
Francisco.
AVHATCOM— Sailed March 13— Schr Wm Ren
ton, for San Pedro.
KEHEI-Arrivcd Feb 25-Bktn Addenda,
from Newcastle. Aus.
COOS BAY— Sailed March 12— Stmr Empire,
for San Francisco.
Arrived March 12— Stmr Arcata, hence Mar 9.
CASPAR— Sailed March 13— Stmr Luella, for
San Pedro.
FORT BRAGG— Arrived March 12-Stmr
Xoyo, hence March 11.
FOREIGN" PORTS.
BARRY— Arrived Feb 22— Fr bark Cambronne.
from Rouen, to load for San Francisco.
LIVERPOOL— Arrived March 11— Ship Roa
nok«\ hence Oct 24.
SYDNEY— Arrive.! prior to March 12— Ship
Fort George, from Chemainus.
MADEIRA-Passed Feb 23— Ger stmr Kam
bypes. from Hamburg, for San Francisco.
LIVERPOOL— Sailed March 1— Br ship Red
Rock, for Vancouver.
ACAPULCO- Sailed March 10— Stmr Colon.
for Panama.
MAZATLAX— Arrived March 10-Schr Gen
Banning, hence Feb 10.
Sailed March 1C — Chil ship Tucapel, for San
Francisco,
hence N'ov 24. for Hamburg'.
l-SHANT— PassM March 12— Br stmr Glen
lochy, from Tacoma, via Naples, for Liverpool.
NANAIMO — Arrived March 12— Stmr San
Jose, hence March S.
VICTORIA— Returned March 12— Kor bark
Prince Victor, in distress.
YOKOHAMA— In port Feb 4— Ger stmrWega,
for Orp.on.
VALPARAISO— In port Jan 5— Br ship Van
duira, for .
Sailed Feb 2— Br stmr Tucapel, for San Frair-
Cisco.
TO SAIL.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey—
That youns man who consented to have a
portion of his blood let out to save his em
ployer set a remarkable example of heroism.
The incident shows what power there is In
good blood. There is only one natural wav f>
Ret goo4 blood, and that in from the ctomacn.
If the ftomach needs assistance try Hostetter's
Stomach Bitter?. This wonderful medicine cures
dyspepsia, indigestion, constipation, and makes
rich red blood.
Loyalty to His Employer.
Mailboat Newport Arrives.
The Pacific Mail Company's steamship
The steam schooner Cocuille River has
been In hard luck of late. She made e.
good run from here to Coquille River, but
when loaded and readv to return it wa3
blowing so hard that she could not pass
out over the bar. For a week she lav at
anchor awaiting an ODDortunity to make
a start. When the chance did come. Cap
tain Thompson lost no time, but under a
full head of steam rros^ci out. No sooner
was the Coquille River safely across thj
bar than the pale came up again stronger
than ever. It linallv blew so hard an-J
such a heavy sea was raging that the
steamship had to be hov> to. The waves
breaking over her caused 'he deck lash
ings to carry away, and In a few minutes
the deck load of lumber was gone. With
th^. deck load went part of the bulwarks,
while the standing rigging was considc
ably damaged and part of the deck houso
carried away. The rudder head broke
and It took thirty-six hours to rig a Jury
steering gear.
Coquille River in a Storm.
C. O'Xourse. Second Lieutenant C. Suther
land. Eleventh Cavalry: Assistant Surgeon U.
Goodwin; F. C. Kearns and H. G. Coffman,
clerks Quartermaster's Department, and Lewis
Morris. Paymaster's Clerk- '
Besides these the Buford brought up S55
enlisied men, 75 discharged soldidrs from
Manila and 4 discharged soldiers from
Nagasaki.
Tne remains of the following came up
on the transport:
Floyd Dakln, Robert Jackson. E. R. Slona
kin and S. T. Whlteslde.
Sunday last at 3 p. m. Gustavo Zerver
of Company I. Twenty-seventh Infantry,
jumped overboard and was drowned. He
had been showing: signs of insanity and
was under guard. A life buoy was thrown
and fell within ten feet of the drowning
man, but he would not swim to it. Before
a boat could reach him he threw up his
hands and sank.
The following left Manila on the Bu
ford, but stopped off at Nagasaki:
Colonel Cummins. Major Hunt. Captains Jud
son. CaEteel, Ploan. Curry. Sturges. Bowen,
Graham, Gracie. Becht and Taylor; First Lieu
tenants Hartshorn, Weed. Griffiths, Grlffln,
I'lummer. Knm. Shaw. Mumfcrd. Vernon. Hy
man. T. M. iCnox. McCoy: Second Lieutenants
La Cour. Kooth and Smith, and Dr. Gravf.
Lieutenant West an<i Assistant burgeon Cha
but. Marine Ccrpe; Mrs. Curry (wife ot Captain
Curry): Mrs. Graves (wife of Dr. Graves);
Mr. and Mtss We?t iwife and daughter of
Lieutenant n»?t); Miss E. Hine and Miss C.
Farr. F. S. Carm<na, A. H. Grifby, Lieuten
ant wlMlani O. Wright Jr.. Nineteenth In
fantry: L\ S. Parsons. Captain P. whitsworth.
Quartermaster U. S. V.. and Mrs. Whitsworth:
Captain Thorp and Lieutenant S. Elliott. Ma
rine Cnri>s; lieutenant Pettte, Mrs. H. C.
Danes. Miss Coulling and J. Gllpin.
THE United States army transport
Buford, that arrived from Ma
nila late Tuesday night, had a
hard time of it during the run
across. She was caught in a
monsoon between the Philippines and
Japan and some of the soldiers thought
they were never g-oing- to see land again.
From Nagasaki to San Francisco nothing
but head winds and heavy cross seas were
encountered. Added to these unfavorable
circumstances the Buford has not been in
the drydock since she left Xew York,
nearly a year ago, and her bottom is very
foul. She will go to Hunters Point for an
overhauling In a few days.
The Buford is a sister ship to the Kirk
patrick, now on her way here from Ma
nila with 400 sick soldiers, and both of
them are very much like the Warren. The
Buford was built in 1S30 by Harland &
Wolff at Belfast. Ireland. She is 3732 tons
gross and 23SS tons net burden, 370 feet
b inches long. 44 feet 2 inches beam and
26 feet 6 inches deep. She will be ready to
pail for the Philippines again on April 1
next.
The following: officers of the Twenty
seventh Infantry, contract nurses and
civilians came home on the transport:
NEAH BAY— Passed out March 13— Br stmr
Bristol, from Chemalnus, for San Francisco;
pchr Lcttie Bennett, from Tacoma, for San
Pedro.
• In bay March 13— Schr Elvena. from Eureka;
stmr Kobert Dollar.
Paired in March 13— Br shin Lynton. from
Liverpool: schr Commerce, from Hongkong.
BAN DON— Arrived March 12— Stmr Manda
lay. hence March 7. •
SOUTH BEND — Arrived March 13— Stmr
Rival, hence March 7.
PORT TOWNSEND— Parsed In March 13—
Schrs Philloplne and W H Smith, Ger bark
Anna, Br ehff> llala. -^7
Arrived March 13— Schr Queen, from Ka
hului.
SEATTLE— Arrived March 13— Stmr Macki
naw, hence March 9: etmr Dolphin, from Dyea.
EUREKA— Arrived March 12— Stmr Samoa,
DOMESTIC PORTS.
LONDON. March 13— Br ship Cape Wrath,
bound from Callao for Portland, Or, has been
posted at Lloyds as missing.-
MISCELLANEOUS.
Per etmr Coqullle River— Saturday. March 9.
at 9 a m. while laying hove too in gale of SE
wind about 15 miles south of Cape Blanou.
the rudder head broke off. The vessel was
lying In a helpless condition for 36 hours.
Part of the house gave way on the starboard
side. Then three afterdeck lashings gave way.
Lo-t overboard about 10 to 15 M lumber Sun
day, March 10. 9 pm. Got fired so we could
steer the vessel again with Jury rig.
MEMORANDUM.
POINT I/)BO§, March 13, 10 p m— weather
haiy; wind NE, velocity 8 miles per hour.*
SPOKEN*.
Feb IS, lat 3S N. Ion 59 W— Br ship Hydera
bad, hence Oct 17, for Queenstown.
March 1, lat 31 N, Ion 13 W— Br ship British
General, from Antwerp, for San Francisco.
Feb 21. lat 2 N. Ion 30 W— Fr bark Europe,
from Portland; for Queenstown.
TELEGRAPHIC,
Wednesday, March 13.
Stmr Queen, Thomas, San Diego.
Stmr Brunswick, Andresen. San Pedro.
Stmr South Coast. Olsen, Eureka.
fitrar Orace Dollar. Foaen. Grays Harbcr.
Br ship Lord Cairns, Davles, Queenstown.
Br *hlp Celtlcburn. Davidson, Queenstown.
Br shtD Arranmorc, Howes. Queenstown.
Bark Santiago. Engalls. Hllo.
Br bark Auldgirth, McConnell, Queenstown.
Schr Chas Hanson. Dannevig, .
Schr Mary Bidwell. Verry, .
Schr J G Wall. Jensen. Eureka.
Schr Abbie, Peterson. .
SAILED.
CLEARED.
Wednesday. March 13.
Stmr Czarina. Seamnn. Seattle: E T Kruse.
Stmr Columbia. Doran, Astoria; Oregon Rail
road & Nav Co.
Whaling stmr Grampus, Porter, whaling
cruise; Pacific Steam Whaling Co.
Stmr Washter.aw, Zolling, S4 hours from Ta
coma.
i: S- rtmr Buford. Merkeng, 30 days from Ma
nila, via Nagasaki 21 days.
Nor stmr Tellus, Pederson, 90 hours from
Oyster Harbor.
Wednesday. March 13.
Stcir Newsboy, Ohlstrom, 16 hours from Cas
par.
Stmr Corona. Glelow. 5S hours from Newport.
Srtmr Westport, Erlckson, CO hours from San
Prdro.
Stmr Hyades. Garllch. 90 hours from Seattle.
Strr.r Coqullle River, Thompson, 5V4 days
from Gra;-» Harbor.
Stmr Walla Walla. HaJl. 63H hours from Vic
toria and Puset Sound t>orts.
Stmr Geo LoomU, Bridgett, 36 hours from
Ventura.
Stmr Brunswick, Andresen. 23 hours from
Eureka; bound to San Pedro; put In to land
Shipping Intelligence.
Notice ig hereby «;lven that on or about
April 1, 1301. Light Vessel No. 70. moored about
3">i miles outside of the bar off th« entrance
to San Francisco harbor, will be temporarily
withdrawn from her station for repairs and
the station will be marked by a jjaa buoy,
painted red. with "Llsfht Vessel Moorings" In
black and showing a fixed white llpht.
Light Vessel No. 70 will be returned to her
station aa soon as repairs have been com
pleted and the buoy withdrawn, of which due
notice will be given.
This notice affects the "List of Lights and
Fog Signals, Pacific Coast, 1901," page 14, No.
24, and the "List of Beacons and Buoys, Pa
cific Coast. 1001." pa*e 18.
By order of the Lighthouse Board.
FRANCIS J. HIGGINSON,
Rear Admiral, 17. S. X., Chairman.
SAN FRANCISCO LIGHT VESSEL NO. 70.
It is reported that the Point Buchon whistling
buoy. red. marked "Pt. B.," about one mile
W.N.W. 14 AW from Poin^ Buchon. seacoast
of California, has parted its moorings and gone
ashore. It will be replaced as soon as prac
ticable.
This notice affects the "List of Beacons and
Buoys. Pacific Coast. 1901." paee 13.
By order of the Lighthouse Board.
U. SEBREE.
Commander. U. S. X., Inspector Twelfth Light
house District.
POINT BUCHOK, CALIFORNIA.
Notics to Mariners.
The Otto Gildermelster loads wheat at Port
land for Europe. 413 3d. prior to arrival; the
Alice A. Leiffh, wheat at Tacoma. for Europe,
37s 6d; the Anna, lumber at Moodyvllle for a
direct nitrate port, C2s 6d, If Callao 65s, prior
to arrival.
Charters.
The transport Logan, which sailed from
Nagasaki on the 7th inst. for San Fran
cisco, had besides the Thirty-third and
Thirty-fourth Infantry the remains of 250
soldiers on board.
The transport Egbert sailed from Manila
for Taku yesterday. She will take the re
mains of soldiers and sailors who died in
China to Seattle for transhipment East.
The British ship Cape Wrath, long over
due at Portland from Callao, was yester
day posted as missinp. The reinsurance
gamblers will now have to pay up and
look pleasant.
Divers and pumping machinery are still
at work on the South Portland, but the
vessel Is just as near to bein? raised out
of her bed in the muti as she was two
months ajjo.
"Water Front Notes.
Newport arrived from Panama and way
ports yesterday. Sho had to contend with
strong- westerly gales all the way up tho
coast, so the passage was not a. very
pleasant one. She brought up thirteen
cabin passengers. Among them waL En
carnaclon Mejla. Consul to San Francisco
from San Salvador. He has been on c visit
home and says that everything is . mov
ing along quietly in the Central American
republic, and the people are contenteu,
whilo business Is on the increase. Edgar
Battle, agent for the Mail Company at
Acapulco, was another passenger. He is
suffering a great deal from rheumatism
and had to be taken fiom the ship to a
private hospital In an ambulance.
NOTE— In the above exposition of the* tides
the early morning tides are jttven In the left
hand column and tho successive tides of the
day. In. the order of occurrence as to time of
day; the third time column gives the lost tide
of the day, except when there are but three
titles, as sometimes occurs. The heights riven
are in addition to the soundings on tho United
States Coast. Survey charts, except when a
minus (— ) sign rrecedes the height, and then
the number given is subtracted from the depth
given by the cbarti." The plane of reference
Is the mean of the lower low waters.
Bun rifles 6:22
Sun sets 6:16
Moon Rises 1:55 a. m.
THURSDAY, MARCH 14.
• "When accosted by the detectives Thorpe
atempted to "brazen it out." and when
the officers showed that they were not to
be hoodwinked he started to run. He was
overtaken after a chase of several blocks.
"Jim" Thorpe, alias Wilson, an Eastern
crook, was arrested last nlg,ht by Detec
tivps McMahon and Bailey and sevesal
charges of petty larceny were placed
against him. Thorpe had since his arrival
hero Irom the East a short time ago been
working a neat swindle on several mer
chants, securing from them hundreds of
cigars. He would telephone an order to
the merchant asking that he deliver
three or four boxes of cigars at a certain
place, invariably naming as the place
where they were to be delivered the busi
ness address of a customer of the mer
chant. He would be there and take them
when delivered. The aid of the detectives
was invoked and they captured Thorpe
while he was awaiting the delivery of
three boxes of cigars sent on his order to
a cigar store on the corner of McAllister
and Folk streets.
Clever Scheme.
dles Several Merchants by a
"Jim" Thorpe, Alias "Wilson, Swin-
WORKS A NEAT RUSE
IN STEALING CIGAB3
President Charles M. Hays of thi
Southern Pacific Company, whose return
from, the East has been feverishly awaited
by railrcad officials for weeks, arrived la
a, special train from Los Angeles las*,
evening. He immediately went to his
rooms at the Palace Hotel, dined, anl
then received the representatives of the
press. ,* ¦
President Hays is not a man who im
parts any more information than he con
siders good for the general public to know
and last night he absolutely refused n
discuss the future personality of th»
Southern Pacific Company, lie also wouM
not talk on the reported engagement oz.
E H. Fitzhugh of the Central Vermont.
He diplomatically intimated, however,
that an official circular containing soni.?
desired Information would be publisne I
soon, and this document will be awaited
with great interest.
Mr. Hays says that the Morgan Steam
ship Line that at present handles tho
freight of the Sunset route between New
Orleans and New York will shortly be re
inforced by four new steamers of 5000 tons
each. These ships are now being con
structed in the East. Two new steameis
of 12.000 tohs are also being constructed
at the same Eastern yards for the Pa
cific Mail Steamship Company and will
be dispatched to the coast the moment
they are completed.
Mr. Hays says that he visited Galveston
Mr. Hays says the Harriman syndicates
deal will make no difference in the rela
tion between the Southern Pacific ami
Union Pacific roads.
and was surprised to see with what activ
ity tne large wharves are being construct
ed. The great storm delayed thla work,
but In a short time the work will be com
pleted. Galveston will then be used as
the shipping place for freight to New
York, instead of New Orleans.
The wharves are also nearly finished at
Gauymas. Mex.. Mr. Haya says, and in
a short time all freight between Central
American ports and Now York will so
East via Benson. President Hays is con
sidering the advisibility of building a
branch of the Sonora road down the Gulf
of California as far as Mazatlan.
Through this part of the country them
have been rich coal mines found. The
Mexican Government is also anxious to
see this contemplated road built.
Will Not Discuss Personality of Southern Pacific
Staff —To Issue Official Circular.
PRESIDENT C. M. HAYS RETURNS
AND TALKS OF FUTURE PLANS
TRANSPORT BUFORD IS CAUGHT
IN A MONSOON IN THE PACIFIC
NOTE-*-The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-ftve minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide is the same at both places.
Times and Heights of High and Low
"Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
The arguments to-day were almost en
tirely technical. Involving nice legal
points, though including exhaustive In
formation regarding the character of tho
lands of Kern County, processes of oil
production and the exact condition and
status of the claims of the various par
ties. Ward's argument was that the
lands in dispute could be taken up under
the forest reserve lieu land act, notwith
standing such Iand9 may have been found
to be mineral. This was strongly com
bated by Judge Chapman. The merits
of the entire question are Involved in the
case, and the decision of the department
is looked forward to with great interest.
WASHINGTON, March 13.-The hearing
in the matter of the so-called "scrippers"
against the petroleum miners, involving
the possession of oil lands in California,
began to-day before Judge- Van De Van
ter. Assistant Attorney General for the
Interior Department. Arguments will
probably be concluded to-morrow, when
Judge Van Dc Vanter will take the mat
ter under consideration and render his
decision several weeks hence. The attor
neys for the "scrippers" were S. C. Ward
of Los Angeles, Jeff Chandler of San
Francisco, ex-Senator Thurston of Ne
braska. Senator Mitchell of Oregon, Dud
ley & Mlchener and several other attor
neys of Washington. Counsel for the
petroleum miners were Judge Chapman
of Los Angeles, C. Llnkenbach of Bakers
field, Frank H. Short of Fresno and ex-
Senator Hunton of Virginia.
Trouble Bstween Ccrippers ana
Petroleum Miners Now B;ing Pre
sented to Interior Department.
CIL LAND LITIGATION
BEGINS IN WASHINGTON
The Nevada State Journal says a Cali
fornia company has made extensive loca
tions for oil near Reno and is promising,
big things. y
There is considerable activity among the
oil- men In Santa Barbara County. The
Elizalde Oil Company Is operating in
Sherman canyon, eight miles from Santa
Maria. Close lo the Elizalde is the Cas
malia. oil well, owned and controlled in
San Francisco. This company is putting
in another rig on the Arrelanes ranch and
operations will begin at once. Tlllmann &
Bendel are building a rig on the Holland
ranch, which will also be in operation in
a few days. The Western Union, which
is also owned by Los Angeles capitalists,
and which has now a well, has just se
cured a new boiler and will start drilling
another well at once. In this district
there are now about twelve companies at
work, not one of which Is selling stock.
One day recently forty-two claims were
filed on the desert in San Diego County,
the whole aggregating 6720 acres. All the
claims except four were filed by nine per
sons.
Ten wells will be drilled from the end
of a new wharf, 700 feet long, to be con
structed at Summerland.
The operators in Kern County who have
been trying to lease Eastern cars for the
moving of their oil have stopped negoti
ating upon learning the Southern Pacific
Company will refuse to move private cars.
The Sunset District now has a stage
line. A full-fledged postofflce is expected
to be the next addition.
A surveying corps is on the srround run
ning a preliminary line from the McKit
trick branch to the terminus of the road
soon to be built to the Sunset District,
says the Bakersfield Californian. The
right-of-way has also been secured for a
branch railway up the "32" canyon and
into the interior of section 29-1S. 2S. An
attempt will be made to have the South
ern Pacific Company construct the spur.
Owing to tho increased output of the
Fullerton field. It has been found neces
sary to employ two trains daily to move
It. The Standard Oil Company is buying
largely in the 'listrict. A new pipe line is
being put in place.
An oil expert has reported favorably
upon the prospects for finding oil in the
vicinity of Gllroy.
The developments north of the bay are
awaited with great interest by the in
vestors who believe in the northern por
tion of the State as a great possible oil
field or succession of oil fields. Arrange
ments are more or less perfected for work
on the west side of Glenn Valley, near
Colusa: on the Jo Shearln place, near
Sites; on the Bob Houseman place, about
ten miles east from Vina; on the Lyons
ranch, seven miles west from Capay, and
on a tract about twenty miles west from"
Williams.
The Guerneville X-Ray says the hold
ings of former owners of lands in the
Red Slide and Cedar districts have beer,
increased largely during the past week.
Four oil companies liave been formed to
explore for oil in thtse districts.
Fresno's oil exchange has B. Hutchin
son as president; W. O. Miles, vice presi
dent, and F. W. Breed, secretary.
Utah is about to spb what can be done
In the oil line. The »first" company in the
State has been incorporated to work along
the Green River. Ylie claim embraces
eighty-three acres and Is situated about
lour and a half miles south from Green
River City. Already the boomers are tell
ing the public how many miles the belt
extends in all directions and that before
a well has been sunk. The experts, too,
are telling what a llr.e quality of oil there
is on the place. This may be all true,
but there is too muc:t known oil territory
on the coast to get people wildly excited
with a proposition where everything re
mains to be discovered.
The News Messenger of Lincoln, Placer
County,, says that money sufficient to
build a. Standard rig lias been at last sub
scribed. Whether a start will be mado
shortly will depend upon developments.
The Chico Enterprise reports that pipe
has been received tor ihe well going down
on the Richardson Springs property.
What is known as the Hesperian dis
trict, in Butie County, is to be mapped.
It is said to include the lands between
Mud and Deer creeks.
"Faking still flourishes," says the
Eakersfield Californian, "with Kern Coun
ty oil as a basis. The latest story conies
from ¦ Seattle, where a female rustler Is
selling stock in a company which has not
yet struck the sand and may never do
so at $3 per share, with representations
of immense gushers> discharging high
grade oil."
Testerday being- the time set for the
hearing in Washington of the much dis
cussed issues between the scrippers and
the mineral claimants to oil lands curios
ity is on the alert concerning the decision
to come. No issue of greater importance,
so far as the matter of dollars and cents
is concerned, has been up for public hear
ing in a long: time.
Attempts to Boom Lands in Utah and
Nevada on Petroleum Basis.
Situation in. Various
Localities.
Great Interest Attaches to
Proceeding Pending at
OILMEN AWAIT
COURT DECISION
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. THURSDAY, MARCH 14, 1901.
UNITED STATES TRANSPORT BUFORD, WHICH ARRIVED FROM MANILA LATE TUESDAY NIGHT WITH THE
TWENTY-SEVENTH INFANTRY. SHE WAS FORMERLY THE BRITISH STEAMSHIP MISSISSIPPI, BUT
WAS PURCHASED BY THE GOVERNMENT ON OUTBREAK OF THE WAR WITH SPAIN.
5
Steamer.
•estlnatlon.
ISalls.l Pier.
March 14.
Czarina Seattle & Tacoma.-. 5 pm Pter 8
Pomona Humboldt 2 pm Pier' 9
Columbia.... Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
Nome City... Humboldt I 2 pm Pier' 2
31arcli 13. - ¦ ~
Australia.... Tahiti 4 pm Pier 7
Amer. Mam. China and Japan... 1 pm PMS3
Corona....... Newport 9 am Pier 11
Argo Coqutlle River .... 4 pm Pier 2
March 1Q.
Marlposa Honolulu ' pm Pier 7
Handalay.... Coqulllo River pier 2
Point Arena. Point Arena 2 pm Pier 2
Santa Barbar Seattle direct 10 am Pier 2
-'.March 17.
Arcata Coos Bay .... 12 m Pier 13
Eureka Humboldt 9 am Pier 13
Walla Walla. Puget Sound Ports 11 am Pier 9
Santa Rosa.. San Diego 9 am Pier 11
Empire Coos Bay 4 pm Pier 13
March 18.
Rainier Seattle & N. What. 10 am Pier 2
W. Kruger... TiUamook Bay .... 6 pm Pier 13
Newport Panama & Way Pt 12 m PMSS
North Fork.. Humboldt .". 9 am Pier 2
- March 10. • -
Coronado Grays Harbor 6 pm Pier 2
G. W. Elder. Attoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
Bonlta Newport 9 am Pier 11
March 20.
Tucapel ..Valparaiso & Way Pier —
San Pedro Humboldt Pier 2
Queen San Diego 9 am Pier 11
Acme Tlllamook Bay Pier —
Steamer.
From
I Due.
Australia Tahiti ....Mar 14
Tucapel Valparaiso &.Way Pts. Mar. 14
Washtenaw.... Tacoma Mar. U
Nome City San LHego Mar! 14
Empire Coos Bay Mar'. 14
Chlco Tlllamook Bay Mar. U
Argo Coqullle River ..|Mar. H
Mandalay Coqutlle River Mar. 14
Leeiinaw Seattle Mar 14
Point Arena Point Arena Mar. 14
Santa Rosa San Diego Mar. H
Titania N'analmo Mar. 14
Tellas Oyster Harbor Mar. 14
Crescent City.. Crescent City Mar. 15
Arcata Coos Bay Mar. 15
Eureka Humboldt Mar'. 15
Argyll New York via Panama Mar! 15
City of Peking. China and Japan Mar. IS
North Fork Humboldt Mar 15
W. H. Kruger. Tlllamook Bay Mar. 15
Santa Barbara San Pedro Mar! IS
Rainier San Pedro Mar! IS
Samoa Humboldt Mar. 16
San Pedro Humboldt Mar. 16
Kvarven Japan via San Diego.. Mar 16
Q. W. Elder.... Portland and Astoria.. Mar. 16
Pompna Humboldt Mar 17
Willamette Oyster Harbor Mar' 17
Acme Tillamook Bay Mar 17
Bonlta Newport Mar 17
Mattewan Tacoma Mar" 17
Queen San Diego Mar 17
Sonoma Sydney & Way Ports.. Mar! IS
UmatUla Puget Sound Ports .... Mar 18
Mackinaw Seattle Mar ' 13
Coronado San Pedro Mar 19
Corona Newport ] M ar ' 20
H Time • Time Time) Time
p ' Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
a H W L. ,W H W L. W
H ... 5:21 4.9 12:40 0.6 8:00 4.4
L. W H \V L. W H W
Yi ... 0:44 3.0 6:34 6.0 1:34 0.3 8:43 4.7
18 ... 1:45 2.6 7:40 6.2 2:25 0.2 9:23 5.0
17 ... 2:38 • 2.0 8:42 6.4 3:10 0.1 10:00 5.3
IS ... 3:25 1.5 9:40 5.5 . 3:56 0.2 10:32 5.5
19 ... 4:12 0.3 10:35 5.6 4:3S 0.4 11:08 5.7
SO"... 5:00! 0.5J 11:29 5.6| 5:19| 0.71 11:41 5.S
Steamer.
•estlnatlon.
ISalls.l Pier.
March 14.
Czarina Seattle & Tacoma.-. 5 pm Pter 8
Pomona Humboldt 2 pm Pier' 9
Columbia.... Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
Nome City... Humboldt I 2 pm Pier' 2
31arcli 13. - ¦ ~
Australia.... Tahiti 4 pm Pier 7
Amer. Mam. China and Japan... 1 pm PMS3
Corona....... Newport 9 am Pier 11
Argo Coqutlle River .... 4 pm Pier 2
March 1Q.
Marlposa Honolulu ' pm Pier 7
Handalay.... Coqulllo River pier 2
Point Arena. Point Arena 2 pm Pier 2
Santa Barbar Seattle direct 10 am Pier 2
-'.March 17.
Arcata Coos Bay .... 12 m Pier 13
Eureka Humboldt 9 am Pier 13
Walla Walla. Puget Sound Ports 11 am Pier 9
Santa Rosa.. San Diego 9 am Pier 11
Empire Coos Bay 4 pm Pier 13
March 18.
Rainier Seattle & N. What. 10 am Pier 2
W. Kruger... TiUamook Bay .... 6 pm Pier 13
Newport Panama & Way Pt 12 m PMSS
North Fork.. Humboldt .". 9 am Pier 2
- March 10. • -
Coronado Grays Harbor 6 pm Pier 2
G. W. Elder. Attoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
Bonlta Newport 9 am Pier 11
March 20.
Tucapel ..Valparaiso & Way Pier —
San Pedro Humboldt Pier 2
Queen San Diego 9 am Pier 11
Acme Tlllamook Bay Pier —
H Time • Time Time) Time
p ' Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
a H W L. ,W H W L. W
H ... 5:21 4.9 12:40 0.6 8:00 4.4
L. W H \V L. W H W
Yi ... 0:44 3.0 6:34 6.0 1:34 0.3 8:43 4.7
18 ... 1:45 2.6 7:40 6.2 2:25 0.2 9:23 5.0
17 ... 2:38 • 2.0 8:42 6.4 3:10 0.1 10:00 5.3
IS ... 3:25 1.5 9:40 5.5 . 3:56 0.2 10:32 5.5
19 ... 4:12 0.3 10:35 5.6 4:3S 0.4 11:08 5.7
SO"... 5:00! 0.5J 11:29 5.6| 5:19| 0.71 11:41 5.S
Steamer.
From
I Due.
Australia Tahiti ....Mar 14
Tucapel Valparaiso &.Way Pts. Mar. 14
Washtenaw.... Tacoma Mar. U
Nome City San LHego Mar! 14
Empire Coos Bay Mar'. 14
Chlco Tlllamook Bay Mar. U
Argo Coqullle River ..|Mar. H
Mandalay Coqutlle River Mar. 14
Leeiinaw Seattle Mar 14
Point Arena Point Arena Mar. 14
Santa Rosa San Diego Mar. H
Titania N'analmo Mar. 14
Tellas Oyster Harbor Mar. 14
Crescent City.. Crescent City Mar. 15
Arcata Coos Bay Mar. 15
Eureka Humboldt Mar'. 15
Argyll New York via Panama Mar! 15
City of Peking. China and Japan Mar. IS
North Fork Humboldt Mar 15
W. H. Kruger. Tlllamook Bay Mar. 15
Santa Barbara San Pedro Mar! IS
Rainier San Pedro Mar! IS
Samoa Humboldt Mar. 16
San Pedro Humboldt Mar. 16
Kvarven Japan via San Diego.. Mar 16
Q. W. Elder.... Portland and Astoria.. Mar. 16
Pompna Humboldt Mar 17
Willamette Oyster Harbor Mar' 17
Acme Tillamook Bay Mar 17
Bonlta Newport Mar 17
Mattewan Tacoma Mar" 17
Queen San Diego Mar 17
Sonoma Sydney & Way Ports.. Mar! IS
UmatUla Puget Sound Ports .... Mar 18
Mackinaw Seattle Mar ' 13
Coronado San Pedro Mar 19
Corona Newport ] M ar ' 20
Numerous stocks arc selling below
their resl value; some will advance.
Shall I tell you WHICH?
JAS. R. T. MERSHON,
537, 538, 539, 550 Parrott Building-,
SAN FRANCISCO. CAL.
Member of San Francisco Oil Exchange.
Tickers from both Oil Exchanges in my office.
OIL ¦ ¦ WATER.
W. W. MONTAGUE & CO.,
- MANUFACTURE
IRON PIPE
FOR OIL WELLS. FOR IRRIGATION. FOU
POWER PLANTS. FOP. J'.IN23.
TANKS ;
FOR OIL. FOR WATER. FOR CYANIDE
PLANTS.
SAN* FRANCISCO.
DIRECTORY of REPUTABLE
California Fortune Oil Co*
SO acres E'^cset, SO acres McKlttrick. 320 acres
!-. Coalimtra. Now drtlllr.K in Sunset. Limited
amount cf stock at 60c. Information and pros-
j Mtu furaisheii en application to E. DEX-
1CKE. r-ecretary. rocm €:« Parrott bide. S. F.
COLUSA
CONSOLIDATED
OIL and REFINING
COMPANY
O-xr.s <IU acre* S miles west of Arbuckle.
Coiusa County, in the heart cf the oil district.
Paraffin* base oil. Limited amount of stock
Bt Me. 30.000 shares solj In 10 days. Inrorma-
t->n and prospectus furnished. Office
630 MARKET ST., San Francisco.
COMMONWEALTH OIL COMPANY.
!..-.•..> :n heart of Kern River Dist. ; owns 323
;acr*«: 100.0C4) shares capital stock; limited
amount cf treasury stock for sale at 73 cents.
Vrite cr call for inforinaticn and :ir wrwtus.
CHAS. CONKLIN. P*c. Genl. office. 667 Market.
EL MEDIA OIL CO.
LANDS AT McKITTRICK.
STOCK - -_^25 CENTS.
Corri7>ariy has no debts, mor.ey In tho
treasury; soon commence drilling.
Eafe Deposit Bldg., 22S Montgomery St.
famoso Oil & Investment Co
IN KEUN RU'EIl DISTRICT.
One well finishr-d producing over 400 bb's.
r-er day. \Ve;i No. 2 commenced. Water well
corr.jilcted. Small amt. of stock at £0 cents.
«'j3 Parrott bid*.. S. F.
Investors* Assured Stock
In a compary owning: producing well.
I*: Per Share.
Write cr call for information.
OCCIDENTAL OIL CO.. 471 Parrott Building.
JUAMTA* OIL CO.
3100 acres In McKitfrick: drilling 2 wells. 6
contracted for; 10G.OOQ fhares selling at 6c; non-
assessable. Pr*ee 10c March 15. A^phaltum for
«j|r. by c<tttract. Prr*pertus and rr.aps fur-
r.lshM iy W. M. RICHARDS. Vice President.
Ctt Market Et.. Kan Franclscou
VAPA AND BERIITEESA VALLEY OIL
COMPANY— Controls 1000 acres of U. S. patent-
ed land In Napa County where the finest lubrl-
oa'irjr oil In California Is found: stock at »
cpr.tf pro5p*** u * furnished. 170 and £71 Parrott
fcuilcinc. San Francisco.
SAUNAS OIL AKO DEVELOPMENT CO.
1£SO ACRES IN' MONTEItEY COUNTY.
Well down £00 feet; small amount of treasury
stork at iic per share. Prospectus and map
Tnd in'crtnatiSn en application. J. B OLEEK,
Jicretary. £74 Parrott building. San FraacUco.
SILVER STAR OIL CO.
Lend* in heart of McKlttrick District, ad-
irininp laree producing well*. Small block of
Ftook for siJe. Prot-pectu* and Information fur-
nished £t room 60S Safa Deposit Building. 33
Montgomery et.
THE WELLINGTON
OF SUNSET— PROVEN OIL LAND.
Centroli «0 acre*. Are <lrlllinr. Sorae stock
Is b*ing cold at We per share. Information and
proroectus furnished on apullcation. No. I,
fcecond Floor. Mills Sulldlng. San Frandsoo.
330 PINE STREET,
Ean I"raxie:seo.
Fcr oil in car lots apply at above
office.
Clan you invest mnnej- to a better ad-
V£Etag« than la tfa^ir Mrxk?
Offices cr the Company,
CcTCir.cr.cir.p April 1 each month the
Pabnry Oil Co. will pay dividend? of
not Itfr than 1 jr*r cent per montiu
SI.OO PER SHARE.
Its. a. srr.a.11 block cf Its Treasury
Stcck at
GILT-EDGED
INVESTMENT
Th<« Dabr»y Ccrr.pany cZcrt a
HAS TEN
PRODUCING
WELLS,
IS DRILLING
FOUR MORE,
WILL PAY A
DIVIDEND
APRIL 1st,
ARE SELLING
OIL IN
DABNEY
GUSHER.
THE FAMOUS
OWNS
(IKC0HP0RATED\
OF McKITTRICK
%d? m feg
DABNEY
THE
Teeth without Plates, $5; Crowns. S3. S4.S5
133 s%:?" Chalmers Dental Co.
Is perfection Itself. Teeth made by us loo!c
natural, flt perfectly and wear splendidly.
These prices cannot be duplicatsd.
CROWN and BRIDGE WORK
Are far In advance cf many others. Each
case Is considered carefully, and all work dona
skillfully and according to the moat improve 1
methods. Our
DENTAL TREATMENT
It can be mad« clear to any oaa that our
methods of
A DEMONSTRATION OF VALUE.
B. O. Tucker.
Peruna not only cures catarrh of th«
bladder but catarrh of a'.l the pelvic or-
gans, which constitute the majoiity of
those ailment*? generally known as female
diseases. Catarrh of the internal organs,
known as systemic catarrh, find3 a spe-
cific in Peruna. Peruna is the oniy in-
ternal specific for these cases.
Peruna is also a reliable remedy for all
climatic catarrha! diseases that beset a
family during the winter months. Thou-
sands of families rely on Peruna to pro-
tect the family against the inevitable at-
tacks of coughs, colds, bronchitis, pneu-
monia and other catarrhal diseases of the
winter.
If you do not derive prompt and satis-
factory results from the use of Peruna.
write at once to Dr. Hartman, giving a
full statement of your case and he will
be pleased to give you his valuable ad-
vice gratis.
Address Dr. Hartman, President of
The Hartman Sanitarium, Columbus, O.
A Systemic Catarrh Remedy.
B. O. Tucker. Treasurer of the Indepen-
dent Order of Foresters, also of the
Woodmen of the "W'Qrld, and member of
the Owl Club, .of,
Council B 1 u ft s. l"™"^—— ¦—^¦"—¦¦"
la., writes:
"Perttna has jffCSfa -A^
been both doctor h^^^^i
and m e d 1 c 1 nc ¥ *fea
chest at my I __ flu
mother's home fif^
for years. It has C ** f*^
cured frequent \ i^A fl
ailments end 1 !2_ s j
saved many a \ ca
doctor bill in the Fv*&i*' J"
family. AVe used <L>J e V^W
it successfully in j\
kidney troubles, A j '|^1»
liver complaints. i^c\|V«5 v J >^V
and stomach end JL /^ '•"'''»/
bowel disease?. % "^V ?
Person ally. T _ -.._ fc ._
find it a torJc of B - °- Tu >-* sr -
more than •"¦¦'•'¦-
rniTy merit and as
such Kladly recommend it."— B. O. Tucker.
Cursd of Kidney Catarrh.
Any one so afflicted should not fail to
write Dr. Hartman. All letteis an-
cwered free.
Catarrh of the bladder is not only a
distressing disease, but very difficult to
cure. If the function of the bladder
could be suspended for a few days it
would be much- easier to treat it. but to
undertake to treat an inflamed organ
and yet cive it no rest from its regular
function is quite difficult.
Peruna has proven itself, after many
years' experience, a remarkable remedy
for these cases.
Tho two cases given are only two of
hundreds we could cite. After doctors
hava failed, Peruna cures. After months
cf suffering and illness Peruna restores.
It sometimes happens that after years of
chronic catarrh of the bladder has been
endured a course of Peruna permanently
cures.
People who have had any experience
with this disease know, without any
words of ours, the agony which it brings.
Cystitis is catarrh of the bladder. It
would be difficult to describe the distress-
ing and annoying symptoms which this
disease occasiors. "We shall not attempt
to do so for many reasons.
Catarrh. .
Cystitis Is One Form of Chronic
"I have been troubled for fifteen years
with catarrh of the digestive organs and
the bladder. Have tried all medicines
recommended for my trouble but could
not find anything that would relieve me
of my terrible suffering until I was
advised to take Peruna. I have taken
six bottles of Peruna and thanks to Dr.
Hartman.' of Columbus. Ohio. I am now
soundly cured of all my suffering.
"I highly recommend Peruna to all
and every one suffering with catarrh in
any form."— Charles Lindsay.
Mr. Charles Lindsay, of South TCayne.
Wls., who is C3 years of age, writes Dr.
Hartman as follows:
Catarrh of Bladder or Chronic
Cystitis.
Mrs. C. L. Byron, of 546 Lincoln Avenue, Chicago. 111., Is President o? the
Chicago German Woman's Club. She has the following to say of Peruna.
the great catarrh remedy, which relieved her of a serlou3 case of catarrh of
the bladder:
The Peruna Medicine Company, Columbus, Ohio:
Gentlemen— "I was cured of a very severs case of bladder trouble
which ihe doctors did not know how to reach. I had severe headache
and dragging pains with it, but before the second boiite was used / felt
much relieved, and after having used the filth bottle life looked differ-
ent to me. This was nearly a year ago, and I hava had no recurrence
of the trouble. I cannot praise Peruna too highly." — Mrs. C. L. Byron.
Mrs. President Byron, of Chicago.
A CHICAGO LADY'S RECOVERY.
How Pe=ru=na Cures Catarrh of AH
Internal Organs After Doctors Fail.
ADVZETISEMENTS.
ADVEBTISEMEUTS.A determined and organized effort is to be made
in New York to save the morals of the poor. This
seems to be a particularly unjust discrimination
aeainst the rich.
Senator Hanna, it is said, intends to discipline Dela
ware for neglecting to elect two Republican Senators
Perhaps an exposition of what he knows of methods
in Ohio might be more efficacious..
Fears are being expressed that California, in the
abundance of prolific nature, is producing too much
oil. This does not deter the great oil monopoly, how
ever, from trying to grab all that we produce.' -
"-- The young rascal who was convicted of bigamy in
a local court the other day and pleaded that he did not
know the nature of his offense was probably laboring
under the delusion that he was operating in Utah.
The Federal investigation into the wreck of the
steamship Rio de Janeiro has established at least one
fact. If the hearing of some of the life-saving look
outs is as bad as their memory their service to the
Government is absolutely worthless. "
Some of Uncle Sam's soldiers raised a riot in an
Eastern camp the other day because they had no can
teen. With this mild inspiration for trouble it would
be interesting to know what the troopers would have
done under the exhilarating influence of a camp can
teen. « * .
The State Legislature has adopted a measure which
gives San Francisco power to appoint new police offi
cers but leaves to us the serious problem of how to
pay their salaries. This biennial effort of our legisla
tive friends to sell us a gold brick is becoming tire-
The decree has gone forth that employes of the
municipality must not sell their salary warrants to
money brokers. The repeated efforts which have been
made to convict an ex-employe for selling his war
rant to too many money brokers are evidence that
the new rule may be a distinct saving for the criminal
courts.
No grippe, no pneumonia In the earTy winter,
those who build up their systems after th« hct
season by uslns Dr.Siegert's Angostura Bitters.
Man, wiser than his Maker, is steeped
In ignorance and deems himself a para
gon.
Special information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by tha
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 510 Mcnt
eoraery st. Telephone Main 1042. •
Cal. glace fruit 50c per 1b at Townsend's.*
Choice candies. Towmend's, Pclace Hotel*
NEW TORK, March 13.— The following
Californlans are in Xew York: From San
Francisco— T. J. Davis, at the Belvldere;
S. C. Davis, at the Delavan; F. "W. m"
Draper, at the Park Avenue; W. F. Her
rln. Miss Herrin, at the Holland: J. F
Ulrich. at the Hoffman; C. F. iloore at
the. Herald Square; L». J. I. Stephen at
the Gilsey. v ' at
CALIFOKNIANS IN NEW YOBZ.
IN this called as in the regular session of the Senate
Morgan of Alabama has abrogated the Clayton-
Bulwer treaty, declared war on Great Britain,
whipped her without the loss of a man, destroyed the
British empire, plowed it up, sowed it with salt and
danced on the desert he has created.
One is at a loss to decide whether this old man is
more bad than foolish. He has been an extreme sup
porter of all the expansive measures of McKinley't.
administration, and then has joined rapidly the politi
cians who denounce those policies. He is a self
elected champion of :he Nicaragua canal and has ad
vocated nearly every device of its enemies to defeat
it. His course is to be accounted for only by the
j theory of periodical exaltation due to artificial aids of
enthusiasm, and the corresponding reaction in which
he abstains from the hair of the dog. He pursued the
same course with the Cleveland administration, and
is about as useful in public life as a Populist who gets
1 office by advocating the abolition of salaries and im
mediately appeals to the Legislature to have his own
increased.
When the Hay-Pauncefote treaty was made it was
intended to supersede the Clayton-Bulwer treaty. It
was an honorable agreement, assented to by Great
P#ritain and this country. .Anticipating its ratification
by the Senate, our Minister to Costa Rica and Nica
ragua, Captain Merry, was instructed to negotiate
with those States protocols for canal treaties, based
not upon the Clayton-Bulwer but upon the Hay-
Pauncefote treaty. This was to economize time, and
in the event of the ratification of the latter treaty to
enable the last Congress to pass a canal bill and permit
the work to begin this year. The three treaties were
consistent parts of a system of international agree
ments which must be made if this Government is to
build a canal on the territory of two independent
sovereignties. But the Senate refused to ratify the
Hay-Pauncefote treaty as made, and amended it into
a sort of chronic declaration of war against the civil
ized world. By its terms, if ratification were not ex
changed on the fourth day of this month it fell and
expired, and the Clayion-Bulwer treaty stands unsub
stituted and, by our own admission, in force.
Of this Senator Morgan is perfectly aware. He
is not such a fool as to be ignorant of what is known
to every citizen vrho has traced the current history
of the canal measures. Yet he tells the Senate and
the country that the President in making the Central
American protocols "nobly defied Great Britain" and
ignored the existence of the Clayton-Bulwer treaty.
W r hereupon Morgan hypocritically commends the
President's defiance and bellows for war.
Patience with such a creature is difficult. No {in
telligent man can read the Clayton-Bulwer treaty and
the explanation of it made by John M. Clayton in the
Senate of 1853 without seeing that it was made at the
instance of this Government, that in entering into it
Great Britain yielded to our wish and that it was for
the purpose of promoting the speedy building of the
canal which Mr. Clayton had advocated in the Senate
in 1835. We have from its ratification to this time
ceaselessly recognized the existence of that treaty and
itsjiinding force. In the face of its history to abro
gate it against the attitude of Great Britain would be
an act of national dishonor, or, in its best aspect, an
net in h* pxrnsftH onlv in thp nrKpm-f «-»f -,~ „
MORGAN AGAIN
We are an industrial and a commercial people. The
men who gi-»e employment to labor, who convert raw
material into sources of wealth, who find profitable
markets for all sorts of products, who construct rail
ways, build up cities and advance the prosperity of the
people r.nd the greatness of the republic, are the men
•whom we delight to honor. Among such worker*
and builders are the trade kings who are coming to
us from Chicago, and their guests from other cities.
For ail of them California has a cordial welcome, and
San Francisco should show it in every form of enter
tainment hospitality cm devise.
\ recent decision by City Attorney Lane indicates
that he would prefer to sec the Board of Public Works
receive the money which should pay the back debts
of the city. Mr. Lane ought also to suggest some
means by which San Francisco may accept insolvency
without its sting of discredit.
The recent escapade of a prominent sculptor, who
made noisy the hours of the night, indicates that the
artistic temperament U sometimes liable to exhibitions
which, though brilliant in their conception, are some
times loo spectacular in their execution.
Recent dispatches are authority for the announce
ment that our commercial policy is puzzling the Ger
mans. This should Lc a reasonably safe indication
that we are not making any serious mistakes.
Over ;ir.d above any direct business interests that
may be advanced by their visit there is the gratifica
tion of making the acquaintance and establishing
friendships with men of their type and character. Cali
fornia is so remote from the East that comparatively
few opportunities exist for cultivating personal rela
tions with the leaders of Eastern industry and trade.
Every such opportunity ought to be made use of tc
the fullest extent. Consequently the members of thU
party should be received with a cordial welcome that
wili be memorable to them so long as they live. We
wish their friendship even if we never have any direct
busincss^dealings with them, and that fact should b:
made manifest in every feature of their reception.
It is gratifying to have such men visit California
even though it be but for a holiday tour. No matter
bow fleeting may be their course through the State,
they cannot fail to rote the richness of its resources
and something of th? vast possibilities for business
that exist here. Consequently we have much to gain
from the visit of these keen, enterprising, sagacious
business inen, and everything should be done to inter
est them in the State.
The party is now in the southern part of the State,
having left Los Angeles for San Diego on Wednes
day. It is therefore probable they will reach San
Francisco within a few da\-». Their reception will, of
course, be in the hands of commercial men, and no
doubt ample arrangements have been already made
for giving them a genuine San Francisco welcome.
The matter, however, should not be left wholly to
merchants. The visit of so distinguished a company
concerns the whole community, and as far as possible
their welcome should be made in the name of the
whole city.
OX the night of March 4 there left Chicago in
what is described as "a special train of six
palatial coaches'' a company composed of a
number of the leading men of the Commercial Club
¦of Chicago with a few friends bound for the West.
The Chicago Chronicle in noting their departure
Epoke of them as "Trade Kings." They are deserving
of the title, for among them are many of the most
enterprising and influential business men of that pro
gressive city. The gentlemen who travel with them
x. 5 guests of the club ire Robert T. Lincoln, Marshall
Field, General Wesley Merritt, Arthur J. Caton and
Dr. E. C Dudley, of Chicago; Robert M. Burnett
and Frederick B. Carpenter of the Boston Commercial
Club, Edwin C. Goshorn and William Worthington
of the Cincinnati Commercial Club, and Isaac \V.
Morton and H. X. Davis of the St. Louis Comme-ciiil
Club.
OUR VISITING "TRADE KINGS."
Benjamin F. McKinley, assistant post
master of San Francisco, has returned
from "Washington, where he went to wit
ness the Inauguration of his nephew, tha
President.
Hon. Charles T. Caldwell, a prominent
attorney of Parkersburg, W.Va.,la spend
ing a few days'in the city and is regis
tered at the Lick.
L. C. Smith, the manufacturer of the
Smith-Premier typewriter. Is at the Pal
ace with his wife, from Syracuse, N. y.
II. P. Goodman, a banker of Xapa. ac
companied by his wife, Is registered at the
Palace.
J. P. Rapln of Santa Cruz Is at tho
Grand.
H. A. Bee of Sacramento Is a guest at
tho Grand.
"W. F. Price of Santa Rosa Is registered
at the Grand.
F. A. Hihn, a Santa Cruz capitalist, Is
at the Grand.
G. M. Martin, a "Watsonvllle merchant,
is a guest at the Lick.
J. W. Nelson, a mining man of Mojave,
Is staying at the Grand.
J. M. Coleman, an oil man of Bakers
field, Is at the California. ,
George Jessen and wife of Watsonvllla
are guests at the Grand.
G. W. Crystal, a fruit grower of Vaca
ville. Is staying at the Grand.
L. T. Hatfleld, an attorney of Sacra
mento. Is staying- at the Lick.
Parker Wilson, a resident of Stockton,
Is at the Grand for a few days.
Bank Commissioner A. "W. Barrett of
Los Angeles Is at the California.
V. S. McClatchy, proprietor of the Sac
ramento Bee, Is a guest at the Palace.
PERSONAL MENTION.
E. M. Durant of Los Angeles fs at tfcs
Palace.
Such are the experiments that are now going on
toward providing for the safety of ships along our
coasts. Of course nothing that science and invention
can do will ever suffice to make up for a lack of vigil
ance and care on the part of captains and pilots, but
if the experiments now being made prove successful,
the danger of wreck will be materially lessened. It
is of course easy to be too sanguine in matters of this
kind, but nevertheless wireless telegraphy has been
advanced so' rapidly since its first introduction by The
Call in practical news-gathering that there are good
grounds for expecting some practical system of
signaling the location of dangerous rocks will soon be
In describing the methods of signaling employed
in the experiments, the report goes on to say: "A
metallic conductor is fixed on an elevation on shore,
or on a lightship or leef. From this, etheric waves
are transmitted over a zone which has a radius of
seven miles. All vessels fitted with receivers, when
within that area are warned of their proximity to dan
ger, the distance and the point of the compass- being
registered. * * * The automatic part of the in
vention consists of steel bearings with a number of
teeth which pass over a Morse transmitter. No
operators are needed. The machine works absolutely
automatically." It is zdded: "In its elementary prin
ciples the system resembles Marconi's method of wire
less telegraphy, but in detail the system is essentially
different."
While our Government is thus directing its energies
toward increasing the value of the service that notes
the approach of storms, the Canadians are working
directly toward the end of providing danger signal*
for ships. In "Consular Reports" for this month
there is published a statement from Consul Dudley at
Vancouver, giving an account of steps now bein^
taken to assure the safety of ships on the British
Columbian coast. The account says: "It will inter
est those whose calling takes them into these waters
to learn that an invention is now being investigated
by the marine authorities and navigators at South
end-on-sea, which, if it may not go a long way toward
making lighthouses obsolete and unnecessary, is ex
pected to be of much value in the prevention of ship
wreck from any one of 00 per cent of the usual causes.
This is an automatic system of signaling which will
warn ships of their approach' to dangerous rocks and
coasts in all weathers when even a flashing light might
not be seen and the booming of a foghorn might hz
unheard." .
Dispatches from Washington announce that Secre
tary Wilson is experimenting with wireless telegraphy
along the coasts of Virginia and North Carolina for
the purpose of increasing the efficiency and reliability
of the reports of the Weather Bureau and has obtained
good results. Professor Moore, chief of the bureau.
is reported to have said in a recent interview: "The
most efficient method of long distance transmission
has been found to be from wire cylinders. The new
coast stations are being equipped with cylinders of
sixteen wires each and 140 feet in length. From these
cylinders it is expected to cover a magnetic field of
not less than- 500 miles. The stations now in opera
tion are at Hatteras and at Roanoke Island, in the
Pamlico Sound, North Carolina. Workmen are be
ginning the construction of a station at Cape Henry
which will be the third station. When this is finished
the two remote stations will be 127 miles apart. The
three points now are connected by a Government
telegraph line, but this line will be abandoned on the
completion of the Cape Henry station. This, inci
dentally, will save the expense of maintenance of a
half dozen repair stations."
WHEN commenting upon the wreck of the Rio
The Call directed attention to the fact that re
cent successes obtained in experiments with
wireless telegraphy give reason to believe that within
a time comparatively short science will devise a means
by which the officers of a ship proceeding along a
dangerous coast or through a narrow channel will be
able to know exactly how near theyare to the coast,
or to any rock that menaces their safety. The mean3
of attaining that much desired object seem to be well
nigh at hand. In fact we may soon see them estab
lished not only around our harbor but at every point
of note along our Pacific Coast.
PREVENTION OF SHIPWRECKS.
i THURSDAY MARCH 14, 1901
JOHN D. SPRECKELS. Proprietor."
Ltirttt £11 Cosncaintlcni t» W. B- LEAKE, Mtntgtr.
MANAGER'S OFFICE. ....*.. .Telephone Prea» 2O4
I'l'BLICATIOX OFFICE... Market and Third, S. F.
Telephone Press 201. .
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson St.
Telephone Pros 202.
Delivered toy Carrier*, 15 Cent* Per TVeelt
Single Contea. O Cents.
Terms Iiy Mall, Including: Postagrei
PAII/r CALL (Including Sunday), one year T«00
2 AILY CALL (Including: Sunday). 6 monthi S.OO
r>AILT CAXJ, (including Sunday). S months 1.60
PAILY CALL— Ey Single Month «c
gUNDAY CALL. One Year 1-50
WEEKLY CALL, One Yew 100
All postinafitf ri Are itndiorfzcd to reeelve
¦ nbicri ptfous.
Eamp'.e ccpiei will be forwarded when requested.
Mall *ufcscrlber» In orderlnr chanire of «ddr»sB should be
particular :o eive both ICK'W AXD OLD ADDRESS la order
to Insure a prompt and correct compliance with their request.
OAKLAND OFFICE 111S Broadnar
f C. GEORGE! KROG5ESS.
Kistgtr for:iga Afirertitiag, Mkrqaetts Building, Cfclcig*.
(Lous Distance Telephone "Central 2619.")
ICITSV TORK CORRESPOKDEKT:
C. C. CARLTOX Herald Square
NEW TORK He'prESENTATTYE:
JTEPHEX n. SMITH 3O Tribune Balldlne
KETT TORK NETS BTANDS:
Vr&l&cri-Aetcr'.a. Hotel; A. Brentano, a Union Eanare;
Kmrmr hiu Hotel. I
CHICAGO XEWS STANDS:
fchenr.a.!i House; P. O. News Co.; Great Northern Hotel;
Frersost Hotse; Auditorium HoteL
WASniXCTOX (D. C.) OKKICI3. . . . 14OO G St.. ST. XV.
2I0RTOX E. CRAMS, Correspondent.
BRAKCn OFFICES — £27 Mosteomery. corner of Clay, open
until f:SC o'clock. SCO Hayes, open until »:30 o'clock. 6?3
McAllister, open until J:SO o'clock. 615 Larkin, open until
$:»! o'clock. 1M1 Mission, cpen until 10 o'clock. 251 Market,
corner Sixteenth, open ontll t o'clock. 10S6 Valencia, open
antn S o'clock. 106 Eleventh, open until 8 o'clock. NTS', cor
r,*r Twer.ty-specr.d and Ker.tcckr. open until 9 o'clock.
mastering necessity, for which there was no other
remedy. £ 'y:
It is so plain that none should fail to see it, that
the men who oppose a reasonable substitute for the
Clayton-Bulwer treaty, as was the Hay-Pauncefote
treaty, and who inspire the jingo cry in favor of lin
ing the canal with garrisoned fortifications, and there
by making it a challenge to the world, are the enemies
of the canal; and the best plea that can be "made for
Morgan is that he is the tool of those enemies of the
work. The country is weary of the delay and is dis
gusted with Morgan, his followers and his methods.
COPTRIGHT, 1901-
JOHN RHEA BARTON PROFESSOR OF SURGERY, UNIVERSITY OF PENN-
By- 33r. J. "William. /Wla-ito.
IV.— VALtJE OP EXERCISE IN PROLONGING LIFE.
¦
My belief in the value of exercise and
athletics in the prolongation of life has
its foundation in certain scientific princi
ples which are connected with the early
life history of the' race..
If we begin at the real beginning we
should understand that we are animals
very much like other animals, and that
we are made up, as they are, each of us;
of myriads of cells that are practically
identical for all animals and have prob
ably not changed materially for countless
ages. The health and vitality of these
cells— and of the aggregations of cells that
make up the individual animal— which
have enabled, them to multiply, to survive
the struggle for existence and to bring
about animal life as it exists to-day re
sult from qualities that have been devel
oped through untold centuries of fierce
competition for food, for shelter, for the
preservation of tamily or tribal relations
—in fact, for life itself. In thi3 way the
necessity for bodily exertion for the full
development of the powers of the indi
vidual became established as a basal con
dition in relation to the health of the hu
man race. The comparatively brief pe
riod covered by "history" "and the still
more insignificant time assigned to "civ
ilization" have not affected in the very
least the primal attributes of an anlnral
organization whose essential qualities are
the result of Immeasurable ages of strife
with other animals and with the ele
ments, of exposure without covering to
sun and wind and rain— to conditions, in
other words, the conquest of which was
necessary for the preservation of the life
of the individual and the perpetuation of
the species.
The effect of these ages of struggle,
when, to use the phrase of the day, life
was truly "strenuous," has been that
every separate cell of the millions that
make up a given human organism is the
descendant of similar 'cells that owed
their life and their ability to reproduce
their kind to a resistant power to the at
tacks of disease and injury and exposure
developed under conditions of extreme
physical stress and exertion.
Primitive Requirements of Healtli.
It is Inconceivable that in the compara
tively few years of which we have any
knowledge any essential change should
have been wrought in the primal qualities
developed In the organism through the
infinitude of centuries during which the
race was developing to its present status.
There has not been time yet for us to loao
entirely even such gross and now unes
sential structures as the muscles. that >n
some of our ancestors— the carnlvora, for
example, were used fcr pricking up tho
ears, but are valueless to us; the little
crescent-shaped fold of skin at the Inner
angle of the eye, useless to us, but of
great value to the sharks and other primi
tive relatives of ours; or the appendix
vermiformis. worthless and, dangerous to
u ;, but larger and most useful in the di
gestive processes of our. vegetarian pre
decessors. It is evident to the scientist,
whether he studies disease and notes the
fact that some of the most deadly enemies
to life, as the bacillus tuberculosis, for
example, die and are powerless in direct
sunlight; or studies health and observes
the victory over such microscopic intrud
ers obtained by the living cells of the bodv
when they are young and vigorous and
active, that in the advancement of civili
zation many elementary hygienic princi
ples have been lost sight of. Disease has
been lessened, It Is true, by the discovery
of technical methods of prevention ami
cure, but the needs of the body, tha
essential and primitive requirements .n
health, as old as the race Itself, arc con
stantly forgotten or Ignored. The alr
breathed by crowds, the dust and dirt of
great cities, the covering of the body sur
face so as to exclude the direct rays or
the sun. the substitution of sedentary and
slothful habits for a life of Incessant ac
tivity, the modification in diet and drink
in other words, the changes in environ
ment with little or no change in the or
ganism itself, are responsible for much of
the disease and death with which tn-3
physician has to deal, and for many of
the failures and not a few of the crimes
that concern society at large.
Some Disadvantages of Progress.
The diminished general death rate due
to the labors and discoveries of the medi
cal profession is, of course, gratifying,
but it should be remembered that even,
tills has another side, and that it neces
sarily means the preservation of thou
sands of weaklings, who. If they perlshcJ
in childhood, or soon after middle age was
passed, would, at least, not perpetuate
their imperfections' in coming generations
The lowered price of meat in many
countries has put within the reach of the
laboring classes an amount of animal
food vastlv larger than ever before in
historic times. This has been in some
ways an obvious advantage, but there are
keen observers who associate the com
parative excess of meat eating, and the
coincident lessening of the hours ofMabor
and of physical effort required to procure
a subsistence, with the Increase in cases
of cancer that is thought to be taking
place in most civilized countries.
Education in modern times is far more
general Is begun earlier, is continued un
til later in* life, and embraces a curricu
lum which has widened with the develop
ment of human knowledge until it has
perforce been divided and subdivided so
that the fear has arisen that the days of
a really broad education are numbered,
and that we aro on the eve of developing
only specialists. There can. at any rate,
be no doubt that the stress ami strain
have increased, examinations with the at
tendant nervous tension have multiplied,
competition has become keener and re
wards greater and disappointments have
been correspondingly more bitter and de
pressing. All this occurs during the devel
opmental period, when the foundat ons of
health and strength should be laid and
when the nervous system especially is
most sensitive to external Impressions. A
child will have a general convulsion from
an attack of Indigestion that would give
an adult only i stomach ache. Mental in
digestion produces correspondingly grave
results in other portions of the brain.
With all the goofl that flows from the
comparatively wide diffusion of educa
tion and of knowledge at the present day
comes the counterbalancing evil, the in
creased percentage of insanity, associat
ed undoubtedly with the substitution of
mental for physical strain in the struggle
for existence «nd -having its foundation.
In too many cases, in the period devoted
to education. It must be noted here that
it is strain, not activity, that causfes men
tal disease. The proper use of the brain,
just as that of the body, tends to the
preservation of health.
The Cave Man's Legacy to Moderns.
Mr Treves has called attention jocular
ly to' the fact that with precisely the same
alimentary canal as served the cave man
after his meals of raw hyena meat we at
tack the aldermanie public dinners of the
nineteenth century. It i3 equally true
that while our lives depend upon the
health and strength of the same sort and
kind of cells— each In a sense an Indivi
dual—that made up the bodies of our'an
cestors thousands of centuries before -the
cave man appeared, the race to a great
extent has changed its habits and meth
ods of living, with no reference to the
ba«al habits and needs of the cells which
compose it- The less we conflict with
these habits, the more we recognize and
meet these needs, the higher will bo the
average health of mankind.
This line of argument may seem to take
me far afield, and yet it is the scientific
justification, for the belief in the value of
exercise. .
Darwin has shown us that the chain of
life has begun In the simple and ended in
tho complex. Haeckel has demonstrated
that under the. influence of heredity the
human embryo still passes during Its de
velopment through the stages of fish and
fowl, as well as of various forms of
"flesh" that we speak of as "inferior."
before it takes its final shape. Even" the
effect of the rise and fall of the tides on
the nutrition of our . marine ancestors is
thouzht still to be shown in the periodi-
city of some of the functions of the hu
man species. '. .. „»
Indissoluble ties link us to all the rest
of organic nature, and the f ° ur . m0Sl
primitive requirements of health—sun
light, oxygen, food to replace worn-out
cells, and (as soon as we reach the ani
mal kingdom) motion, or "exercise —are
the same now as they were when the
pulse of life first began to beat on .this
planet.
Keeping the Tissues Healthy.
Health in a human being to-day, as al
ways, consists in such a condition of
growth and development of all the tissues
and organs of the body as enables them
to fulfill their functions easily and com
pletely, respond promptly to occasional
unusual demands upon them and resist
effectually the attacks of disease. It de
pends upon the activity with which the
numberless atoms or cells that constitute
the body are cast off and replaced by
others, and upon the strength and vitality
of the latter, and this strength, there is
every reason to believe, is In almost direct
proportion to their newness. The young
cell, like the young person, has a reserve
force, an energy, a. vitality, a power of
resistance that Invariably begins to di
minish as soon as full development has
been attained. The physiologist or physi
cian, who, Aladdin-like, could offer "new
cells for old," would have discovered the
secret of perpetual youth.
Every time we move or breathe or even
think, certain cells die. are disintegrated,
and must be replaced by others. This
work la done bv the blood, which lays
down the new material and carries off the
old, to be thrown out by the lungs, the
skin and the kidneys. The succession of
events makes up "life," and, reducing the
statement to the simplest possible terms,
we may say that the health and strength
of any individual are in direct proportion
to the thoroughness and celerity with
which these occurrences take place. Con
sequently, we are able to understand how
an agent of any sort which Influences
these processes favorably must be one
which will promote at the same time the
destruction of the old cells and their rapid
replacement by new ones; in other words,
on which, while it hastens the death of
certain tissues, will at the same time send
t hem an increased amount of material
with which to repair damages, or which
ma / ** v J en ? nabl e them to Improve upon
and add to the original structure. Now,
when we look for such an agent, discard
ing drugs, of course, as inapplicable and
injurious, and assigning food to its proper
?^Z e f? a "k 1 w , hlch ma y °e transformed
Into force, but is useless alone and unas
wfthk V ? flnd W there is but one m<fans
within our reach for effecting this purpose
safely, continuously and healthfully, and
that is exercise.
a he Chief Agent in Prolonging Life.
5 5? hav ® voluntarily, perhaps neces
™h y> c V, t ours elves off (by our clothes
Qnni£h» ?° U3 £? and our habl ts) from the
sunlight In which the entire bodies of our
ancestors-not alone their hands and faces
7™f f ba *h* d continuously— not on little
the bacteriacldal effect of sunlight, the
£n!M C , treatment of consumption tho
IFn ? n^L r J^ mettt 2 f Bur * lc al tuberculo
ar^enTa^rrel^t! ** d ' SmlSSe3 M *
Ihe supply of oxygen to tho individual
has been similarly limited by the greltfy
woT S or°for el pS e r f e: Si: ' ""^^
i ood is probably better in quality and
quantity than ever before, but relative
overeating has followed, and as a result
special diseases, not only cancer, as has
been stated, but gout and Brlghfs diseaL
are thought to be Increasing! '
We thus have left ol tne four elemen
ary requirements only exercise as a prac
hSSf&SSSSSSSSi or prcscrvill = f
By "exercise" is meart certain move
ments made by means of the contractiop
of . the voluntary muscics-those muscle",
which are under the co:.trol of the will
and made with sufficient force and rapid
ity to quicken the breathing and the cir
culation of the blood; ihat is, to augment
the act on of the involuntary muscles con
cerned in those functions, chiefly the hear'
and the diaphragm. ; *
What Exercise Does for the Body.
Exercise Increases the breathing power
rids us of carbonic acid and purifies our
blood; increases the action of the heart
sending a larger quantity of this purified
blood to all the tissues of the body re
moving their waste, supplying the mate
rial for their renewal, and quickening all
the vital processes: It thus fulfills all the
conditions necessary In an agent which is
to Increase health and strength. The most
obvious but least useful effect of exercisb
is the Increase in the size and power of
the voluntary muscles: the most import
ant effect is a strengthening of the in
voluntary muscles concerned in the pro
cesses of respiration and circulation
which enables us to use the increased
power of the voluntary muscles with
Health and Life Depend Most Seriously Upon
Exercise Taken -Systematically and
Scientifically.
Prepared- by- Experts and Specialists for
The San -Francisco Call.
PAPERS ON CURRENT TOPICS.
The generally accepted axiom of tr>-dar
that too much food Is one of the most
notable factors in causing fatal dlsf»aso
should In the majority of cases read "too
much food relatively to the amount of
exercise." Less food, even in the absent
of exercise, would save many lives: tho
same amount of food with abundant et
erclse would save manv more: but tY.<3
most useful text from which to preach to
modern communities would be "much less
food and much more exnrcise."
comfort and safety, and . to Influence
through these processes not only the
health and strength but also the growth
and development of the whole body, and
even the activity and force of th« mental
processes. With these conditions 13 as
sociated an increased resistant power to
the attacks of disease and a postpone
ment of the degenerative processes in
separable from advancing years, that,
taken together, render irresistible tha
conclusion that we have for the prolong
ation of life no more valuable factor than
Judicious exercise.
In the opinion of the writer, exercise 13
beneficial largely in proportion to what
Hamerton calls the "faith" in exercise —
the firm conviction of its value and neces
sity which makes one go out In all weath
ers, or take time under all circumstances
for the discipline and hardening of the
body, even leaving for that purpose tha
most urgent intellectual labors. Inalvld
ual examples might be adduced without
end. but to take only two from the rec
ords of the two great English-speaking
races — when we hear that William Cullen
Bryant, a most remarkable example of
the preservation of undiminished mental
and physical vigor to advanced years, at
tributed It to a habit formed in early life
of devoting the first hour or two after
leaving his bed In the morning to moder
ate gymnastic exercise, his allowance of
¦which he had not reduced "the width of
a thumbnail" in his eighty-fourth 'year;
and when wo read that Mr. Gladstone, on
the morning that he introduced his home
rule bill, while all England— indeed, the
whole world — was to be his audience in a
few hours, and while the fate of great
parties and of an entire race was involved
in his presentment of hla case, in spito
of his advanced age, "spent an hour in
his private gymnasium, after which h«
bathed and ate a Hffht breakfast," w«
may well believe that exercise has some
thing to commend It to thoughtful atten
tion.
Costly Results of Indifference.
I believe that as a rule It does not re
ceive this attention to the degree It mer
its, either from my profession, from
f>arents or guardians, or from the govern
ng bodies of educational Institutions.
Physicians and surgeons too often advise
it in a merely pcrfunctorv manner, anil.
their real indifference' being: reflected in
the conduct of the parent, turn to drugs
to stimulate skin or kidneys or heart or
lungs— work Infinitely better done by ex
ercise.
youth, making his home in a free State and vigorously
opposing every effort at the extension or the increase
of the slave power.
When the war broke out young Harrison was
among the first to enlist for the preservation of the
Union. His military capacity was such that despite
the fact that he had no education or training in the
art of war he rapidly rose to command and was among
the most eminent of the generals of the volunteer
army. After the war he returned to the practice of
law and to an active engagement in politics. His
career in Congress, while not brilliant, was sufficiently
notable to attract to him the attention and win for
him the esteem of his countrymen in all parts of the
Union, so that he soon became recognized as a Presi
dential possibility. His nomination for that office
was not the result of a political accident. He had
abundantly merited it, and his career in the office
proved him to be in every way fitted for its highest
duties.
Despite his statesmanship and his never-questioned
fidelity to duty, Harrison was not a good party leader.
He became involved in controversies that disturbed
the Republican organization throughout the country,
led to the retirement of Blaine from the Cabinet, and
in the end brought about Harrison/ defeat when a
candidate for re-election. Those controversies, how
ever, have long since been forgotten by men of this
generation and will not occupy much attention from
historians. Since he has been out of office he has
borne himself in such a manner as to win the esteem
of all classes of Americans. Of late he became a not
able contributor to reviews and magazines, and gave
promise of taking a front rank among statesmen who
have in retirement cultivated literature. Such fortune,
however, has been denied him. In the maturity of a
superb manhood he has fallen a victim to the dread
disease of pneumonia, and the republic has to mourn
the loss of a great man whom she can ill spare.
BY the death of Benjamin Harrison the United
States suffers a genuine loss. He was not an
old man. His strength was not exhausted by
age or weakened by disease. In the ordinary course
of nature he might have lived for many years and con
tinued in full vigor to serve his country with that zeal
and patriotism for which he was noted from his ear
liest manhood to the day of his death. That service
he would undoubtedly have given, and its value would
unquestionably have been as great as any he had ever
given in the past, and consequently the loss of it is in
the nature of a public disaster.
The Harrisons are among the few families of this
country in which a capacity for the highest public
service has been transmitted from generation to gen
eration. In fact with the exception of the Adams
family of Massachusetts none other compares with it
in that iespcct. Nor coes the Adams family equal it.
for while that family furnished a signer of the Declara
tion of Independence and two Presidents of the
United States, as did the Harrison family, yet the
Adamses have never been distinguished in war, while
both President William Henry Harrison and President
Benjamin Harrison served the republic with as much
patriotism and efficiency on the battlefield as in the
Senate or the White House.
Born of an illustrious parentage, but to nothing of
wealth or social prestige, Benjamin Harrison passed
his youth amid conditions that best fit the American
for the service of his country. He was one of the
people. He knew poverty and learned the lessons of
equality and of the worth of labor that "are essential
to the formation of the character of statesmen who
are to guide the politics of a republic. Though
descended from Souhern ancestry he had no sympathy
with slave-holding, and like that great Kentuckian,
Lincoln, he espoused the cause of freedom *in his
BENJAMIN HARRISON.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, MARCH 14, 1001.
6
John D. Spreckels, Proprietor of The Call,
San Francisco: Owing to delay of Govern-
ment in compiling and revising census it will
be impossible to ship first carload of atlases
ordered by_you before March 30th. They
will go forward promptly that day by fast
freight. GEORGE F. CRAM.
A slight delay has become imperative :n
the delivery of The Call's premium atlas, but
what is lost in time will be more than com-
pensated for in the added value of the splen-
did work which will be offered to subscrib-
ers of this paper. The atlas is not only to
be absolutely accurate, but will have the lat-
est official statistics obtainable. The Federal
Government has be*en slow in compiling and
revising the census, and The Call atlas,
which must have this latest information, has
necessarily been delayed. The following tele-
gram explains the situation:
CHICAGO, March 7, 1901.
IN COMPLETING
ATLAS.
C r 4 - fa eu 23— Vau Seville.
Grand Opera-house— "Around the World In Eighty Days."
Orand Opera-house — Sembrlch Opera Company, March IS.
Alcazar — "The Last VTord."
Coluir-bia— "The Highwayman."
Alhacbra— "Under Sealed Orders."
Tivcli— -Wizard of the Kile."
Cer.tral— "Carlaia Iirrmdence."
Central— Benefit pcrronr.ance Ttursiiay night. March ZL
California— "The Telephone Girl."
Clyirpla. corner Mason and Eddy streets— Specialties.
Chutes. Zoo and Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon and
evening.
Fischer's— Vaeflevllle.
Mechanics' Pavilion-Trained Animal Show.
Sherman-Clay Hall— Piano Recital to-night.
California Jockey Club (Oakland;— Races.
Tanforan Tark— Races.
ABTDSEJIEJfXa.MASSON'ABE PLEADS aUIIiTT.-Damos
Massonabe. the old man who attempted to kill
his divorced wife, Anna, on January X last,
and who pleaded guilty when arraigned be
fore Judce Cook two weeks aeo, changed hi*
plea to guilty yesterday and was ordered to ry>
pear for sentence Saturday.
ISAAC n. HALL'S ESTATE— The Inventory
and appraisement of the estate of the late Isaac
R. Hall was filed yesterday. F. B. Flndley,
N. A. Harris and O. H. Umbsen, the apprais
er*, fix the value of decedent's estate at
$C7S.4~8 96. Tbe most valuable asset of the es
tate is cotton in bales, though the deceased held
large • interests In mines, real estate and local
ccri«ratlons.
THOUSANDS OF SOLDIERS
QUARTERED AT PRESIDIO
Three Regiments Awaiting Muster
Out and New Commands Are
in Process of Formation.
The Presidio presents an animated
scene since the return of the volunteers
commenced and the issuance of orders
calling for the organization of new regi
ments. There are at present quartered
on the military reservation more than
7000 men. exclusive of the 600 patients in
the general hospital. Within the next
few aays 2300 men will leave for Manila,
but their places will-be filled by the in
coming recruits and returning regiments.
A cablegram was received at headquar
ters vesterday announcing the departure
from Manila of tne transport Garrone on
March 10 with 41 officers and 843 men of the
Twenty-sixth Infantry. Company F of
the Twenty-sixth will be brought home on
the Grant, which will leave Manila In a
e Troops B *B and D of the Fifth Cavalry
arrived at the Presidio Tuesday night and
went into camp alongside of Troops A
and C. Headquarter* band and Troops I,
K. L and M are expected here Saturday.
They are now en route from Fort Meyer.
Lieutenant Colonel T. W. Jones has
been assigned to thecommand of the two
squadrons of the Fifteenth Cavalry, now
being orcanlzed at the Presidio.
Recruit Frank W. Wilson, having been
tried by general court-martial and found
guilty of fraudulent enlistment, has been
sentenced to dishonorable discharge and
confinement at Alcatraz for eighteen
months. . •
SUPERVISORS WILL
EXTEND FIRE LIMITS
Recommendation of Fire Commission
That Sutter Street Be Dividing
Line Accepted.
The Joint committee oa Fire. Judiciary
and Buildings of the Board of Supervis
ors recommended yesterday that tr e flra
limits be extended to both sides of Sut
ter street out to Van Ness avenue: alsD
to Include Polk «treet from Sutter to
Jackson, extending 137V& feet on each side;
also to take in the streets from- Firs:
down to East, between Folsom and How
ard. This was decided unon at a confer
ence with Commissioner Manson of the
Board of Public Works, Flra Commission
ers Watt and Hecht and Fire Chief Sul
livan.
The extension was favored by the Fir<»
Commissioners, who de«lre to make Sut
ter street a sort of a fireproof barrier In
case of a big conflagration. It Is under
stood that only tho<?e buildings to be
erected in the luture shall be of brick or
fireproof material. Tho Fire Commission
ers desired to have incorporated In the
new tire ordinance a Diovislon that all
buildings in excess of four stories to be
erected hereafter snail be of brick, but
this was opposed by Booth and Dwyer,
who held that it would interfere mater
ially with building operations.
The committee will also «recommend
that the Grand Opera-house be permitted
to extend its fire wall separating the audi
torium from the stage by adding: a cor
rugated iron partition to reach the roof;
als6 to substitute an asbestos curtain for
the one now in use.
Kate A. Besore was granted a divorce
from C. J. Besore yesterday on the
ground of cruelty. Suits for divorce were
tiled yesterday by Mary K. Phillips
against John M. Phillips for cruelty,
Jeanne Palu against Jean Palu for deser
tion, Rosa Friedman against Israel Fried
man for defeertion and Paul A. Cullen
against Catherine Cullen for cruelty.
In the Divorce Court.
There Is a posslbilitr that the Govern
ment may be asked to assist the merch
ants of San Francisco in getting direct
steamship communication with Manila,
w.wch has not been granted by the
steamship lines doing business between
this port and the Orient Since a com
mittee was named at a meeting held at
the rooms of the San Francisco Board of
Trade to take up the matter of placing
San Francisco In a oosition to compete
with other American ;>orts that have the
facilities that they need frr carrying on
business with Manila, a systematic In
vestigation has been going on concerning
the amount of tonnage and the value of
the same that can be taien as a safe
basis of estimating the buz'ness that can
be offered. The committee named has
been subdivided and all the various con
siderations are being made the subject of
study. Very soon, therefore, the entire
subject of the shipping situation es re •
lated to the Philippines will be better
understood here by the merchants than It
has ever been before. Ihe urgency in the
matter is the consideration that if other
ports get the trade from San Francisco It
willl be harder to get it back later than
it would be to secure it if the proper ix
ciltles were provided 'or this port in
the near future.
T. J. Parsons Is the chairman of tb*
committee. He said yesterday that noth
ing definite could be done until all the
figures that are beine collected can be
brought together for vlie purpose of 3tudy.
It had been suggested by some members
of the committee that If the volume of
private business was not sufficient to fill
steamships to carry the traffic to Manila,
the Government might be appealed to for
assistance in establish'r.g a private line.
Some of the supplies for the soldiers in
the Philippines are carriel from Xev
York by private lines.
Another member of the committee sail
that perhaps some room might be found
on the transports. As the purpose of the
pacification of the Philippines was partly
commercial, the Government might not be
averse to extending some facilities to tlio
merchants of the P-ic.flc Coast, If that
could be accomplished without interfer
ing with the regular and full movement of
the supplies for the soldiers abroad. In
the study of the freight situation that is
being made, statistics are also being
gathered from other ports that might shl;>
advantageously through the port of San
Francisco. Another conference may be
held with the management of the Oriental
steamship lines.
Merchants Dsvising Outlet
for Trade Direct to
Philippines.
HOPE TO OBTAIN
GOVERNMENT AID
Julius W. Raphael, president of the
Raphael Clothlrg Company, has returned
to this city after a tour of the principal
trade centers cf the East. Mr. Raphael
has made a careful study of the commer
cial outlook In that section of the coun
try and of the attitude of leading busi
ness men toward California and San
Francisco.
There Is a quietness in general trade In
the East, Mr. Raphael says, which con
trasts sharply With the life in business
here. The eyts of the commercial men
throughout the country are on California,
and great Interest is being taken In its
progress and development. Everywhere,
Mr. Raphael stites, there is ageneral pride
felt In California fruits and wines, and
dealers find the advertising of our pro
ducts a successful inducement to custom
ers. Great Interest Is felt In the Hawaiian
cable enterprise, and the effect of the
ship subsidy bill in reference to Califor
nia was much discussed. Oil and /the mat
ter of Hawaiian sugar, which directly
concerns this State, are also questions of
paramount commercial importance, and
are attracting a large amount of atten
tion among Eastern capitalists. There
never was an opportunity like the pres
ent. Mr. Raphael states, for Callfornlans
to help their State, and there is plenty of
capital In the East, which would seek in
vestment here i' our opportunities were
properly presented.
Other portions of the State, Mr. Raphael
observed, are surpassing San Francisco in
the advertisement of their industries and
drawing- attention away from this city.
Another important matter Is representa
tion at Washington. Memorials to rep
resentatives are well enough In their way,
but there shou'.d be a strong permanent
organization at the national capital to
properly present the cause of California.
The city should be built up. Mr. Raphael
says, and 'made attractive In order that
local confidence in the future of San
Francisco may be shown. "We are," Mr.
Raphael states, "too apathetic. We have
the finest kind of an opportunity now, and
what we want most or all Is to wake up."
Julius W. Raphael Tells of
Trade Situation in
the East
TAKE INTEREST
IN CALIFORNIA
The Supervisors' public utilities com
mittee decided at its meeting last night
to cite the officials of the Market-street
Railway Company to explain why certain
ttreets, from whic.^ the company had tak
en up abandoned tracks, have not been
put in their original good condition. Chair
man Reed stated that the resolution of
the board directing the company to re
store the streets had not been compiled
with, and referred particularly to Oak and
Ellis streets. None of the officials of the
company were present and the matter
went over until next week.
Chairman Reed and City Engineer Grun-
Eky had a wordy tilt over certain bills In
curred in Investigating water supplies.
"The Board o; Works seems to have un
limited power to employ men." said Reed,
"but it does not have the power to con
tract other bills without the authority of
the Supervisors. This board instructed
the Board of Public Works to make an
alyses of water until the winter rains set
in, but bills for work other than that
continue to ccme In."
"Plans were made for that work before
any action wa? taken by the Supervisors,"
paid Grunsky. "To get results you must
spend money."
Reed asked tf the Board of Works would
proceed on the assumption that it had an
unlimited supply of funds, and Grunsky
replied that it would be governed by the
Fum of money available. Reed then asked
Grunsky when he could make a report on
water supplies, and Grunsky said he
would ask the Board of Works, as he was
not answerable to the Supervisors. He
finally said that a report on the estimate
of the cost to bring GO.OOQ.OOO gallons of
water daily from the Tuolumne RH-er
would be ready in June, though it would
be Incomplete. He would also report on
the cost of an electric light plant by next
week.
Russell L. Dunn explained the offer of
himself and William C. Albereer to sell
the "Giant Gip" water supply on the
American River for $17,400,000. He said the
water rights and adjacent lands would be
sold for $2,000,000, and the sale of electric
power would meet the operating expenses.
The rights of the American Ditch Com
pany on the American River would not be
impaired, as his concern had a prior right
to the water. He was prepared also to de
fend the city against any litigation
brought by the Folsom Power Company.
The offer was then referred to the Board
of Works for a fuller Investigation.
Public Utilities Commute?
Is After Market-Street
Railway.
STREETS LEFT
IN BAD SHAPE
~:.q members of the Chicago cemmer- j
< :.H bodies will arrive la this city
t'l-morrow, and the most olaborate j
plans have been arranged to make their
Btay here enjoyable and give them a !
chance to realize the haaenw commercial !
opportunities vhich Sa.ii Francisco pre- j
Bents. Previous to their arrival they will j
have seen Southern California, and after i
thev leave Vtnej will visit the Northwest. ;
The Btroncest effort* will be made by San j
Francisco commercial and other promi- i
r.ent men. therefore, to make the visitors ,
appreciate the fact that San Francisco is ,
g)-.t r^ r "t ict: - a r star cf this section j
cf the oouritr>*.
The excursion is conducted by the offi- I
rial? Of *¦'¦<¦' A'chison. Tcpcka ar.d Santa \
F« Bailriaul. and Captain A. II. Payson j
has charge of the reception to be accorded
live, visitors i:i this city. The Mayor and !
• mlnest buslsesi men -will welcome the i
visitors 0:1 their arrival, ar.d the party ;
> ill lc conducted to the Palace. Friday i
r.tcht will be fr 'iven for rest from the fa- I
LlgTie cf the journey. ¥
n Saturday carriages "Brill be prodded 1
:J the Easterners will be afforded an op- j
rtunity to visit the many points of in- ,
{erest la the city, after which viill come j
banquet at the Mark Hopkins 1
Institute cf Art. For Sunday a bay trip ¦
bus been planned ar.d incidentally the |
arbor laciiitics will be shown to the vis- i
Ar.'.ons those who -will come appear the j
:;;imes of such men as Robert T. Lincoln.
1 tins president of the Pullman Company; 1
SlarebaJI Field, owner of one of the lars- j
• t-t department stores in the world: John !
V. Farweli, 'vho has an International ;
mercantile reputation; E. G. Keith, A. C. ¦
Baxtlett and others, who have control 01 .
tlraost Delimited capital and.who are vis- J
iting the West for the first time, to ob- ;
serve its opportunities for favorable in- |
vestment. .
Following Is a complete list of these
w :io are coming:
wmtam T. Baker, Terr.rle building:' A3ol- 1
• I o> C liartlett. vice president Hibbard, Ep^n- |
t>-r. Bartlett &. Co.; J. Harley r.radley. presi
¦ Dftvld P-r&c!!ey Mar.ufacturir.g Company;
:-:<:» ard B. BuUcr. Buti*r I5rc».: Easfce i'ary.
• u afr Gfrmaa-Amn-lran Insurance Coal- j
¦ 8 'v WUllam J. <'halmen>. pr«?sidf>nt Kras^er & ;
¦ ¦>: Jofcn M. CUrk. praMent Chicajro ;
Telephcce Ccrr-ar.y: Jarr.p* H. Eckels, presl- .
.;.:¦¦ r t ir.merc'al National Bank: John V. Far- '
t>-:i Jr. treafuirr J. V. Farvrp'.l & Co.: Mar- J
*-t:i FifU Marshall Field & Co.: William A. |
Fuller. Pa!m«r. Fuller 4: Co.; Franklin H. j
!{.ad I60 Wa^hir^tcn ftr*«-t; CfcriEtoph Hotz, ;
- tittJer & II tz; John J. Janps, Moore& Janes: ,
::r. A. K'Ve«. Franklin HacVeagh & Co.: j
:ridpe O. Keith, president Metropolitan Na- ¦
• al Iiark; Cherles F. Kimball. pr^fider.t an.l i
ocatsrer C. P. Kimba'.l & Co.; Robert T. Lin- j
'.n rre5ii*r;t l"u!!n.an Palac* Car Company; .
Keory J- Mirfarlanil. M. D. Wells & Co.;
Slurrr Nelson. Murry Nelfrn & Co.; Edward P. (
;.., : >--. prr5id<*r;t AtchSson. Top*ka and t^anta .
F« Babvay; Byron L. Smith, president North- I
• -Ti Trust Oorr.jany: Alt*rt A. Spra^ue, i
f-pragruf. Warner & Co.: Oeorxe C. Walker. J
r-sl eFtute; A. J. Caton and General Wesley A. *
V.frritt.
Guests: Cr>ir.rr.*rcial Club cf Bcstcm— Robert
?.! Burnett. pr*Fld»nt Jceeph Burnett Company,
ed4 Fred*-rick B. Carrx-nttr. Georce O. Carpen
ttr tz Son. Commercial Club of Cincinnati —
Kdwin «-. Cofhcrn, manager National Lead
OatafUXT, an! William Worthing, attorney at
'.:-.¦»•. 1 "on-.Tnercial viiub of St. Louis— Isaac W.
Mortor.. director Sirnmons Hardware Company,
end H. N. Davis, president Smith & Darla
Manufacturing Company. Chicago — E. C. Dud
\oy, M D.
No r'aris have b«>en formed to present
Fan Francisco's advantages to the vis-
Itorc in a public mcetinp. but the proml- 1
nest oommereia! men who will accom- !
•I.any them in their excursions about the
< ity <rfij endeavor to interest them In
further investigation of commercial pos
sibilities for this part of the State.
EASTERNERS AT SAX DIEGO.
Southland City.
Sevel in the Balmy Ozone of the
FAX DIEGO. March 12.— The Chicago
Commercial Club and ts guests from Bos
ton. Cincinnati and Si. Louis, the entire
party the puests thus far of the Santa
Fe Railroad, arrived at the Callfornla
ptreet station at noon to-day. On leaving
the train the party found conditions vast
ly different from what they were when
they pr.tered the train iri Chicago nmo
days ago. There the mercury was only
J degrees above frcez'r.g and they bade
pood-by to their families in furs and
warn wraps. Here thev were greeted by
fri^nds without overeats, while the
thermometer registered 71 In the shade.
The committee had arranged for a
launch ride down the bay to the entrance
end outside to the bat'iechlp Iowa, at
nr.rhcr opposite Hotel del Coronado. All
member! of the party, with the excep
tion of Robert T. Lincoln and General
CTecley Merritt made the trip, returning
!n time for dinner at Coronado Hote 1 .
This evenJrjr a ball was (riven at the hote!,
pr.t particularly In the Sastcrr.ors' honor,
Th* train will leave «o-morrow r.ight at
« o'clock for the north, to remain ov'rr
Sunday at Fan Krancisco.
Visits to All Points cf Interest, a
Bay Excursion and a Ban
quet Are Leading
Features.
An Extensive Entertainment
Prepared for Chicago
Visitors.
COMMERCIAL MEN
BUSILY PLANNING
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, MA"ECH 14, 1901.
7
Hale's.
Hale's.
AXTJSKZCENTS.
ViSS^io MARKET ST. Sf.^S^
Made from the choicest
fruits and cereals grown
in California.
Possesses a delicate flavor
and aroma not found in
any other Cereal Coffee.
All grocers sell it.
I Fruit 1
146%;
A Perfect Food Drink
Cereevi
Proven territory, en lla* of rmtlroid. Cor
tale. Cpleadld ehinc* for tfcos* about to
form aa ©fl company. NEWTON. Ca&-
MEN * 8O1TE3 (3. C. MASON. «*«aO.
101 Ctroalcle bid;.. Saa Francisco.
KERN RIVER OIL LANDS
PALACE
and
GRAND
HOTELS,
San Francisco.
These hotels pos-
sess the attributes
that tourists and
travelers appreciate
—central location,
liberal manage-
ment, modern ap-
pointments and
perfect cnisfns.
American and Eu-
ropean plans.
Oalj ft Ttw Ifexthi Ap Tfc!» I*tj Wu Ktarljr B»U.
Th« remedy hai cured thousaniSi and no one
r.<vd fear that It Is hanr/ul. We do not ask
vou to take our word for It or any one else's.
Pr-nd for the free trial and learn for yourself
Jufct what this wonderful remedy Trill actually
The remedy also cure« Itching and dandruff,
rure >:,-r> of arproachlnx baldness, and keeps
\t.t f :,:;• bealthy and »"lrorc»us. It also re-
Mcres gray hair to natural color and produces
thick end lustrous «yebrow« and eyelashes. By
ending your naroe and adfireet to tlie Alten-
htlm Medical Dispensary. 2SC1 Butt««rfleld Build-
lr.jr Cincinnati. Ohio, enclaeln* m. 2-c«nt rtarap
t • ewer ; ..--.- ¦nc. they wi:l mall you prepaid a
'.re* trial package cf their remarkable remedy.
A TRIAL PACKAGE FREE.
£SflB»
Prevents Ha'r Falling Out. Re-
moves Daniruff, Stop3 Itching 1
and Restores Luxuriant
Growth to Shining: Scalps,
Eyebrows and Eye-
lashes.
Cures
Baldness
Tn Fi ff n D
EVENINGS AT 8. MATINEE SATCRDAT 1
AT 2.
LAST WEEK! LAST CHANCE!
"BE SURE AND SEE HIM BEFORE HX
WIZARD
% E NILE!
March I8-"THEJVEDDING DAY."
POPULAR PRICES Sc and 50c
Telephone— Bush J. ' -' «'r, ; ,
•PHONE SOUTH T73.
1TVERY EVE THIS "WEEK.
MAT. SAT.
STAMPED WITH THE SEAL OF SUCCESS.
UNDER the
SEALED romantic
ORDERS C0MEDY
PRICES:
15e. 25c. 35c. KOc.
Next— Sunday afternoon. March 17, the bis
New York sensation.
(SOMETHING NEW AND NOVEI*)
"THE ANGEL OF THE ALLEY."
EVERY EVENING MAT. SATURDAY.
"HELLO Main 1731 — How Is THE
TELEPHONE
GIRL? IMMCHSKI
THE PERFORMANCE IN ITS ENTIRETT
UP TO THE MOMENT!
A" * f-» ¦ t- WHO ARE PRETTY!
| I I L> I .S WHO CAN DANCE!
VJ1 »>' I - it *- 7 WHO CAN SING!
Evening 25c. 33c. GOc, 75c. 91.
Matlne* 23c. 50c. 73c
Seats now ready for next weeic
••TELEPHONE GIRL."
RACING I RACING! RACING!
1SC0-WINTER MEETING— 13d.
CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB.
OAKLAND RACETRACK.
Racing Monday. Tuesday. Wednesday. Taurj.
day, Friday and Saturday. Rain or solas.
i"lve or more races each day.
Races start at 2:15 p. m. sharp.
Ferry-bcats leave Sen Francisco at XI ra. aa4
12:38. 1. 1:30. 2. 2:30 and 3 p. m.. coontcttac
with trains ttopplnr at the estranc* to ta*
track. Last two cars on train resenr-d tor
ladies and their escorts; no smoking. Buy your
Zerry tickets to Shell Mound. All trains via
Oakland mole conneot with San Pablo arena*
electric cars at Seventh and Broadway. Oak-
land. Also all trains via Alameda caol* con-
nect with San Pablo avenue cars at Fourteenth
and Broadway. Oakland. These electric cars
so direct to the track in fifteen minutes.
Returning— Trains l*-av<? tbe track at 4:13 ant
4:45 p. m. and Immediately after the last rac*.
THOMAS H. WILLIAMS JR.. Pre*ld«at.
R. B. MILROY. Secretary.
FT^fHPR'^ CONCERT HOUSE.
riOl/n&tt D Admission 10c.
Fiechtl's Tyrolean Troupe, EgTy. Irene Ko&er.
George Sisters. Trlxt-d-i, the Leons, Chester.
Matt Ke«fa an-1 Htnricha" Orchestra. Reaerre4
Seats. 25c Matinee Sunday. •
GRAND 1 OPERA. HOUSE
MATINEES SATURDAY and SUNDAY.
Last Four Nights of the Gorgeously Beautiful
Spectacle, •
AROUND THE WORLD
IN EIGHTY DAYS.
PRICES 10c. 15c. 23c and 50c
Few Front Rows la Orchestra. 75c. Good
Reserved Seats In Orchestra at all Matinees.
Branch Ticket Office, Emporium.
MONDAY EVENING— SEMBRICH GRAND
OPERA COMPANY.
SEMBRICH.
SEATS NOW ON SALE AT BOX-OFFICE.
First Appearance. In San Francisco.
SEMBRtCH OPERA COMPANY,
Direction of C. L, GRAF.
MOROSCO'S GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
COMMENCING MONDAY EVENING NEXT.
Two weeks, with performances, first week,
on Monday and Wednesday evenings and Satur-
day afternoons. Second Tuesday and Thursday
evenings and Saturday afternoon.
REPERTOIRE, first week. Monday evening—
"The Barber of Seville": Wednesday evening.
"La Travlata" ; Saturday afternoon. "Don
Pasquale." Second week— "Faust," "Lucia. *
"Pagllaccl," "RIgoIetto." etc.
MADAME SEMBRICH WILL SINO AT
EVERY PERFORMANCE.
Single seat sale opens at box office thia mors-
Inr at * o'clock.
PRICES— Orchestra. $3 and $3: Dress Circle,
(5 and $3; Family Circle, $2 and Jl 50; Gallery
(not reserved), Ji. .
VAUDEVILLE'S VERY BEST,
Bunth and Rudd Co.. Mr. and Mrs. Mark Mur-
phy. Beatrice Moreland and Company. Les
Trots Freres Macagno. Wilson and Warinar.
Katherine Bloodtrood. Johnny Johns, the
Great American Blograph and
Reserved seats. I3c: balcony, 10c; opera chairs
end box seat?. CCc.
Matinees Wednesday, Saturday and Sunday.
MECHANICS^ PAVILION
...TO-DAY...
AND EVERY DAY THIS WEEK.
performances at 2:30 and 8 p. m. dally.
NORRIS & ROWE'S
BIG TRAINED ANIMAL SHOWS.
LAST PERFORMANCE NEXT SCXDAT.
300— PERFORMING .VNIMALS— 30O
The Greatest Aggregation of Educated Animals
In the World.
Elephants. Zebras, Goat*. Sea Lions. Ponies,
Monkeys, Dors. Ant Eaters and Zebus.
First time in this city of Mr. Winston and his
- wonderful school of EDUCATED SEALS, the
most marvelous animal act in the world.
HERR SETTLER, the famous German animal
trainer, and his email Clown Elephant.
Seat sale opens at Pavilion To-day at 10 a. m.
PRICES— ADULTS. ISc: CHILDREN. 10c
Phone South 720.
RAfFS TANF0RAN *
1 niilli
THfc SAN FRANGISG3 JOCKEY CLUB,
Week March 11 to 18, six high-class races
each day. Thursday, high-weight handicap.
Saturday. GREAT CALIFORNIA * DERBY.
$5GC0 added. All the Crack Three-year-olds.
First race daily at 2:1*) p. m. Trains from
Third and Townsend. 7. 10:40, 11:30 a. m., 12:40.
1. 1:30. 2 p. m. Returning, leave track 4:15 and
thereafter at short intervals. Rear cars re-
served for ladles.
(DTWeekjjf March IS, SEVERAL BIG EVENTS
ADMISSION, INCLUDING R. R. FARE. |1 23.
MILTON S. LATHAM. Secretary.
E. J. POWER. Racing Secretary.
SHERMAN, CLAY & CO.'S HALL.
TO-NIGHT,
MME. TERESA
CARRENO,
THE WORLD'S GREATEST PIANIST.
Last Recital Saturday Afternoon at 3:13.
Reserved Seats, $2 CO, $1 50 and f L On sale
at Sherman, Clay & Co.'s.
BEIASCO Amo THAWS*- tfWE?
Phone South 533.
TO-NIGHT and Every Evening This Week.
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
Superb production the patriotic drama.
CAPTAIN
IMPUDENCE
A Picturesque Romance of the Days of 1W»,
During the Invasion of Mexico by Our Troops.
t>o Storming of Fortifications Around Cbapul-
tepec.
PDirCC Evenings lOc. 15c. 35e. r.Oe
rniVCj Matinees lOc. 15c, 25c
N'ext Week— "COLLEEN BAWN."
BELASCO & THALL'S
CENTRAL THEATER.
THURSDAY NIGHT, March 21,1931
FOR DEPENDENT MOTHERS. WIDOWS
AND ORPHANS OF ENGINEERS WHO
LOST THEIR LIVES IN THE DISAS-
TROUS WRECK OF THE*
S.S.RIODE_JANIERO
Given Under the Auspices of the
MARINE ENGINEERS' BENEFICIAL ASSO-
CIATION No. 35.
Tickets - - One Dollar.
#WM 1 1MB! A SA3 FRANCISCO'S
bULUIHBSIA LEA0I-I8 THEATRE
Every Night. Including Sunday. Matinee Sat
HAS MET WITH POPULAR APPROVAL.
DE KOVEN AND SMITH'S
THE
MOST SUCCESSFUL MM i XJ MM m
OPERA. W/l Y~
MAN
Together with the World's Greatest Dancer.
LA LOIE FULLER,
PRESENTING THE GRANDEST EFFECTS
EVER SHOWN!
In "The Archangel" and "The Tempest."
PRICES— Kc to.$l BO.
Box and Lore Seats. 12 and $2 50.
n$?H EAT R £^AP
LAST FOUR NIGHTS.
Aujrustin Daly's best comedy,
TheLastWord
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
Next ! Week— The New York Madison Square
Theater Farce Hit.
THE PROPER CAPER.
CHUTES and ZOO
SPECIAL TO-NIGHT!
THE AMATEURS
Yfi
SPECIALTIES
-AND A-
LADIESV BATTLE ROYAL.
Telephone for Beats— Park 23, '._
ADVEETISEHEIJTS.
AMUSEMENTS.
Aarus.-EarENTs.
Hale's.
Ealc's.
Hale's.
Hale'a.
for yoi
It's a fashion show worth seeing, fine and broad and suggestive. A SOPt of a hand-shake tO £ive yOU a H<fo " ' " *.?
An exposition of styles— authentic and original. You women, after warm welcome. " 1^5^?^^^ - '(
tne prettv. the beautnul. the practical, will be delighted with the A . . • v , • . • • j i •« »u " « Q (li^^WiWmm ~ \W SB=m uT
..." 1 5 And there isn t a woman who isnt invited— not one who will not eniov the »— .fA / U/f( f£>,\>S E&i?'' '_• 8 v> * IU
exlli bit WC uncover to-day. . sight-md not one but who would feelwhen she leaves that she wouldn't have id 1 ' J V ? "? '
The great store is trirged out in its finest toggery. ioranythini! - No - ratd!wmb < i^ d - «.-»»*»•••»•»»>'¦ l^^|#«|||i- : Jfj%'
To=day we swing wide open the doors==Come=^Welcome % ¦ ''&
Palms and flowers and genius. have wrought a wonderful background. The second floor is a panoramic scene of style and beauty. - vor y^ySMlwil^^^^^^n itV ' - " l *:=r—
The Millinery. The Suits and Wraos ' ..' L^^l-^^^^l'^lv^
READY' After weeks and months of toil and travel and study our hat, »»»** 4_>M*»-^ ""« TT » *x.yrj. "*X W^^W/V/- ''¦ '¦ ¦'' XS^VllX
.« read. The, *g^ - A)| ape nQW> Jhey be P^H I |Q8i
n^%^r e them Is to be lsnorant of many of the cle ™-«' ™* p" 1 - Shnwn trwlav for thp first iimp -^^9^5133^^^ ' Wm Ili^^^K '
Their character, their refinement, their taste. wHl be your first impres- JHUWil IU UOy iUl MIC HIM U1UC. J '•==" \ twi /'//'/ Wtff^&Oh
v£l: t£ ?hS!. e «SSi??ltty. hat '- tV<^ On °- Thf " y0U>l! be SUrrriS ° d at thCir Women after style and dl.tinctiv.ness in dress will be Interested in Wi I I lljfttfW^L
When we tell you there are more hundreds to take in at a look than tnIs exhibit. To gain those two points our cloak chief went from factory JW/[ i YdW^^/^/^^ii^^^fL, W 1 I ///• 1 1 < ! *^'l\\\\^
you usually EC« you may ealn a faint idea of what beauty is awaiting vou tO factor >' consulting with weavers, gutters art& desipers. He had his MtillY^^^-^y'W^^^S^ Mill mil III flwX^s.
All those Paris names we know fo well are found in to-day" dSpS? n ld , eas ° t f T wha^ >°H J ked : " e ""^'^ that, wasn't made to £&W I V^^^T^HW^ a * J ¦' ' / I hWWSXS
New York-s best artists have also contributed very generously. You'll en- h!s order - Ho & ot noth!n & &n ? one elsc h^. That s why \ \^=S^Z_^J 'M ®5Ti y V? //' Will I 'lUW'-'A^NN
joy fully ::s well creaUons by our own expert milliners. " • %fA.Nh\X W&Sr??i&*Z // |/ ill / ' '¦' '¦ >'*¦ ¦ \\Vn\\\V
This Paris Hat S23.0O— We picture it hero fn the left hand corner. Fola'c I- Fricrft'c Pn-f C«If Hnnco P>^OU 7 'f't^O-J \L //Ill/Ill I lity VWVSVV \
Mr^ Ies b rnscos lQii Suit ilouse * Vl I '} \\W
i^h C t e he a unde- F bV1ni. ° £ l ' IaCk "^"^ kn ° l ° f turauolse tin- strated in thrse ?oup iten:s. ~ : S] SjW //-'/'• .''/¦/ f , \\\\\\\\\
Thia^SW York Hat S2o.0Q- : It i? on the lady sitting down It was SILK "XED JACKET?. f3.C0-Made from fine quality yr^^P^MW^Fws^^^^^^ 2 I^^fP'Jj/M. 'il ! H 1 ltW< \ \A\W\ J
desigrfU .t:J tr;:nrr.o.l by o-^.e of New York's best nTi^intr-j \, "t s a cr , Venetian cloth with th* newest shaped collar ami cuffs *T A OTV^''. 1 ";"'/// '¦¦/-•77V I i \ \ >\ Vl
n p^ftspsg&'i sate i si aass ss^fH m£®$M&^MS&IM (iw^Mmi^^^^M^P^ /#Hiil^fi>ffl
fRose Foliaee n 30c a m Bunch— taffeta sirfk waists. »3.oo-They ar* made from • /<^^|^MW } ! '^iitW^A^^
spring. Three sprays to a bunch Ftlched bands running around— the front and collar are \\\ /w vv'S^^^vO i!^ v \vW| yi&S^i YfiC}/^^^^ Hrll fi*' ¦ #i£^ i . (T^' '/ \ I f I
Headv-to-Wear Hats-Here Is trimmed with Kun metal buttons. Choo»e from old rose, NSsX AiS^v\\\\\\\v\\VnVi(*X& »"• O »'c^mu\ fi+^$iSS lS==^\Wy^S^^tWf I J\ V-7 // \\A \ ! sK' ¦>'> ' ' 'Mil
urtl wfu aS k yOU . r fanc >' or vour Hned »ith a splendid quality ol near 8llk-black only. «§f^f§§^ VXA "\TrVi^V "W^\^W\'^SflM/fl *J$£^^ V \)^y//7/M
Market Street, near Sixth, opposite Golden Gat: Avenue. ?<aenff ' '" ' '¦ ' =ssas .KcW York Stock Market.
NKW YORK. March 13.-T!:* dealln^J' In to
<!ay's stock market covered an extraordinary
range cf serur!t!es. Quotations were made for
*r,me tt'jchs wht'-h liave !ai:i dormant for many
da) 1*. and a nurol*r r>t usually \'ery quiet Flocks
were made active. Ktorks of nome email rail
n*(!fi w'.-.lch ai-e usually obscure by reason of
th»> Mria!l an-ount of their canJ tal Ftock-were
i.iad- <-o:n).»ratlvc-ly oori-i'lcuoux la to-da>-"i»
narkft. Operations were constantly shifting
from- one stock; to anotiirr or from- one group
to another, no one «-tock maintain;!, sr itn pr^m
lner.ee during the whole '-v. It was a notice
able fart. also, thot m?.ny of the ctandard
•t>jcks that ».r» usunlly looked to for th» bulk
"* tradlns were comimraUvcly quiescent and
EASTERN MARKETS.
Chicago Grain Market.
MILLSTITFFS— Prices ' In packs are as fol
lows, usual discount . to the trade: .Graham
Kluur. • $3 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, *2 75; -K> e
Meal, J2 50; • nice Flour, $7; Com Meal, « 73;
«xtra c.-eam do, J3 DO: Oat Groats. $4 50; 'Hom
iny. . i3 50«3 75; Huckwheat Flour, UlU 2b;
tracked; Wheat.. $3 50: $4 50;
Wheat Flour. *3 25:Rolled Oats .(barrels). '$(> 10
Si7 00; In Kicks, fa 75*1.7 25; ' Pearl ; Barley, Jj;
Split res*, $5; Green 1 Peas, ?6 50 per 100 lbs.
FLOUR— California Family Extras. 13 25©
3 00, usual > terms: . Bakers' Extras, $3 lbftZ 23;
Oregon. ; J2 75@2 So per barrel for family, ana
?2 75C&3 for bakers' ; Waf hlneton, bakers', Sj 75
<y3. " . .•
Flour and Millstuffs,
CORN— The market drags along- at nominal
quotations, with no sales of any consequence.
Yellow, ¦ $1 105J1 15; White, si io@l 15; East
ern mixed, 11 12V4 per ctl.
11YK— S0®S2*c per ctl.. ' .
BUCKWHEAT— Nominal; none coming l n .
¦White. $1 K@l i'r. Surprise, nominal; Red,
fl 25Q1 40 for Feed and $1 35®1 45 f jr Seed;
Gray, nominal; Black, for- Feed. |1 17*4@1 2o;
for Seed. Jl 2301 30 per ctl. =
OATS— Continue dull and unchanged.
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— No sales.
Second Session— No sales.
Regular Morning Session— May— 4000 ctls.
69*c. ,
Afternoon Session— No sales. .--./..- -. % •;¦'.¦
CALL BOARD SALES.
Feed. 72Uc for choice bright, 70@71Uc for No.
I and C7*c for off grades: Brewing and Ship
pine grades. 73@80c ; Chevalier, nominal.
Afternoon Session— May— 4000 ctls, 99%c: 2000,
99%e- ' 34,000. ¦ $1. December— 2000, $1 OoVi; 80C0,
$1 05*.
BARLEY— Was dull and not materially
changed. ¦ . ,
Regular Morning Session— May— 26.000 ctls,
99%c; &tO0.,99fcc. December-iCOO, $105^: 2000,
$1 03; 13.000. Jl 05V&.. •
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— May— 2000 ctls,
9S&C: GOOO, 99Vic: 10.000. 99Vie: 11.000. 93c. De
cember— 14.000. SI 04*4; 2000. .$1 05: 10,000, U 04%.
Second Session— May— 2000 ctls. 99%c; 6000,
99*c December— 2000. $1 04T»; 14,000. $1 05.
CALL BOARD SALES.
The local market was firm, and futures ad
vanced vjnder a marked increase in business.
Spot quotations were also a fraction higher.
Spot Wheat— Shipping, 86Uc; milling, 97*@
SI 02* per ctl.
Chicago was firm enough but dull, the pit
being bearish. There was continued scarcity
cf news. Commission houses had some sell
ing orders. There have been few crop damage
complaints thus far.
WHEAT— Liverpool was firmer, Paris weak
er, and New York advanced several fractions.
Wheat and Other Grains.
Sterling Exchange. 60 days — $i gjtj
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 8S%
Sterling Cables — 4 89»i
New. York Exchange, sight — 15
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 17H
Silver, per ounce — 61>i
Mexican Dollars, nominal 50 @ 61
Exchange and Bullion.
Hrht northerly wind.
' Nevada — Fair: warmer Thursday.
Vtah — Fair Thursday.
' Arizona— Fair: warmer Thursday.
?an Frar.clt.ro and vicinity— Fair; warmer
Thurrday; lijht northweet wind.
% G. II. TVILLSON.
Loral Forecast Official.
Temporarily in Charge.
Clc-nrraV.y c!e»r ' weather prevails over the
country' woft of the Kocky Mountains. Light
of rain hav? Jallen curing the day In
Utah and fTestGrn Montana.
An area of unusually high pressure overlies
the plateau rcrion.
Tne ;en-.r*rature hae ri«»n over Southern Ore
gon. Nonhwretern Nevada and the extreme
northeastern portion of Call'orrJa. Elsewhere
ihe changes In temperature have been slight.
• "or.ditiors are favorable for fair and warmer
wather in California Thursday.
Forepart irjid* Rt San Kranclsco for thirty
hours undine Tnldnigljt. March 14, 1S01:
Northern California— Fair; warmer Thursday;
!lf r.t northTi e?t * Ind.
• Southern California— Fair Thursday; warmer"
FORECAST.
?»n Francisco data : Maximum temperature,
t2. minimum. 47; m*«n. IS.
UTEATUER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
?AX FRANCISCO. March 13. 1901—5 p. m.
The follcrnlns are the seasonal rainfalls to
<late, as compared with those of the same date
la^t season, and rainfall In the last twenty
lour hours:
O2"th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
Weather Report
"The chief oause of this sweeping and per
¦lltrnt boom has been the consummation of a
spfiis of financial "<i^a.\e," covering Immense
fitnounts of capital and calling for the manip
ulative cn-«r*ratioa of tiie tnoi^t influential cap
italists ar.i bankers of the countrj'."
"The lowest averajf* market value of this
froup cf stocks last year was $, r >8 per share and
the higheft $S3; the Mghest range of values
b»iry reached near the <-lose of the year. This
Fhows an increaj-e. during 1900. r.t 43 per cent
in the &mt>unt of loans required for carrying
¦tocks. Comparing row current prices with
the hlghm values of 1300. we find a further
ripe of t« per share, with no indications of
any present reactionary tendency.
Carh quotations were as follows: Flour, dull;
CHICAGO. March 13.— The provisions mar
ket assumed the leadership at the start, dis
playing marked activity at the tap of the
gong. By its bulge tq-day May pork shows
a rise of $1 50 since ten days ago. The open
ing advance was based on light hog receipts
and higher prices in the market at the yards
A heavy general demand existed throughout
the day. Straggling shorts who had hoped
against hope for a reaction covered at a loss
with the result that the market, having made
Its advance during the forenoon, held at its
best during the remainder of the session. The
market was at times extremely nervous under
a scarcity of offerings, and such sales as
were mado came from profit-taking lone*
Hog receipts, have been on a diminishing
scale for ten days, and prices at the yards
are above the parity of the manufactured
product. " making it more profitable to buy In
the pit for future deUyery than to buy and
kill and pack the hogs. May pork opened at
*14 97^ to $15 02'4 and advanced to J15 52H
closing: at that figure, 62^c over yesterday
May lard closed 12%c up and ribs 15©17«c iml
proved. .
Wheat was dull bat firm. May opened Uc
higher to unchanged at 75V4c to 75c. Under
the influence of firm late cables, moderate
receipts, unsettled weather, heavy seaboard
clearances and in sympathy with the pro
visions strength, an advance to 75»ic followed
The demand was mostly local and not large'
but offerings were scarce.. For half an hour
the market remained at a standstill on this
advance, there not being a single quotation
The close was firm. May %©He up at 75*0
Corn was quiet but firm, under the , fnflu
ence of unfavorable weather and in svm.
pathy with the provisions strength M« v
closed %c higher at 43«(543«Sc J
Oats were dull but flrm. In sympathy with
corn. May closed %c higher at 25(5.25*0
The leading futures ranged as, follows':-
Wheats. 2- 1I1^^~cTo^
A^\:::::::::::::: ?& ?$ ?^ f?&
May..... . 7SH 75% 7.1 «£
Corn No. I- .'"'»
March ; .;,;¦ ¦¦¦,' '' ,j' T '.
" "* «•" «*
March 21 24'i "4 •«»•
•J?V 24T4 ... 23H zi'i kV. \
Moes pork, per barrel— ' |
Ma* • l*97«t 13 B2Vi 14 97% 15 Wu
July - ....14 SO. 14 90 US0 UX> 3
I-ird, per 100 pounds —
Mny .7 62* 7 71* 7 GZli . 7 5'U
July 77.-, 777Vi 772* 777U
September......... 7 77V6 7 82«i • 7 T?2' 7 HU
Short ribs.. per 100 pounds- . . "J*
May .•. . . 7 37* 7 5ft 7 371.; - 7 50
Septemher 7 42* 7 47* 7 42* 7 47*
New York Metal Market.
NEW TORK. March 13.— Prices at the start
In the metal market were considerably higher
and remained eo all day. the chief factor be
kijf the advance In tin of about 20 to 40 points.
Total transactions were of moderate propor
tions, but the market was not active at any
time. Copper was dull at *17 for Lake nnS
J16 62* for casting. The shipments o? copper
oil ring the month are only 3000 tons, against
March Bhlpments of Ian year of 18 650 tons.
Lead v/as -dull and unchanted. Spelter was
unchanged at J3 90@3 95. Plgiron warrants un
cnansed.
The market for evaporated apples ruled
rather quiet, but about steady at unchanged
prices. State common. 3%@4%c; prime, 4«;ft5c
choice, 6HSCc: Tancy, 6@7c.
. California dried fruits, inactive
PRUNES— 3V4@8Hc per pound, as to size and
i3 APRicOTS-Royal. 7«iffl2c; Moorpark. 8>49
io PBACHES-Peeled. 14®l8c; unpeeled. 6«®
DRIED FRUITS
*- ~ . *
NEW TORK. March 13.— FLOUR— Receipts.
16.463 barrels; exports, 26i5 barrels; active and
steady.
WHEAT-Receipte. 110,700 bushels; exports.
51,931 bushels; spot, firm. No. 2 red. 80U C f
o b aJloat ; No. 2 red. 79^c elwator; No. i
Northern Duluth. SS%c f. o. b. afloat 1 No 1
hard puluth. 9iHc f. o. b. afloat, ofuons
opened steady and had a subsequent slight ad
vance on firm Enelish cables, heavy seaboard
clearances, strength of corn and provisions and
llKht speculative offerings with a. fair demand
from shorts. Closed btrong %@\ic net higher;
March closed WVSc; May closed 79?,c; July
closed iStsp.
HIDES-Steady.
HOPS— Quiet.
Quiet.
COPFEB-Spot Rla No. 7 invoice, "He nomi
nal; mild, quiet; dordova, SfS^c; futures
closed steady. W®25 points net lower; total
jales. 36.2S0 bagB. including: March and April
»o ,a: May and June. *5 85; July. $5 90; August!
US! Janu e aTy b . er |6 $ 2 6 o: ° CtOber ' >*<*¦- **™"»^
SUGAR— Haw, dull, but steady; fair refining
3|ic; centrifugal, 96 test. 4c; molasses sugar
BUTTER- Receipts. 7301 packages; unsettled
Fresh creamery, I6<g22c; June creamery 195S
20c; factory. 10^1 i^c. tf
EGGS-Receipts. 12.000 packages; steady
Western, at mark, 13%®14c; Southern, at mark,
U014C
Nezv York Grain and Produce.
Th« New Tork circular of Henry Clews says 1
"The tenacity with Tvhich the stock market
r'ir.cs to the high ranpe of values is remaxk
«He. It is now four months since the boom
ft In and yet there !ias been no distinct break
during th« ir.tenal utiJ prices now range at
the highest figures and are. en the average,
'.fir alxivf the highest level ever before reached.
The f oll<v« ins .;uoratlo:-.s of twenty-seven active
frti-«-Vs on March ".. compared with the highest
find' loweft for the year WK). affords an lnter
•¦¦stinK Illustration of the course of values for
the last fourteen months:
The Rise in Stocks.
"In rairir.s the market continues quiet, with
Mule movement to not*. There has been a
pradual 8b*->rpt!on of stocks by distributors.
end 2 and 3-crown lo.->ee are reported in light
*;:pp]y in first han''.*. On 2-crown loose saJes
are noted on the basis of 5"»c to 6c for small
lot*, and 6c to 6Vic far 3-crown jrrade. Some
holders are asking up to 6'*e fnr best quality.
pr. far as can be learned there Is no buying- In
this market from the coast, sellers here being
Iqvcr than open iris basfa there. In imported
raisins there is a small JobhinK demand noted.
In currants the mark<-t shows no particular
Mature. A little buyinE in small lots con
•Inupf. at shout the qucted basis for nearby
shipment. In apricots a little movement Is
nr>ie<i for Western buair.efs in cheap grades.
« >n Vx"st prades s?Ilers' views are steady, with
a licht interest shown. Peaches are dolns b*t
t«>x. there being more inquiry noted for un
!*f'pd. In tips sel!!>r«f note a moderate busl
n<?K* within the quoted range. Dates are
yuiet."
'lour Blses.' The directorate of the afsacia
tion has. lt is stated, decided not to reduce
prices on the stock held. This betns the case
the field is clear for the outside holder, and
jiroFpeets fer a further advance in his views
are not remote.
(a a noticeable improvement, sales being re
ported at Dc to 6'»<\ It If believed, however,
that a little Mock i« available at 4\c. There
is little demand at the tnom-nt for 60-7fs. this
e'.ze being ttlll much neglected. We hear of
a little better feeling on the smaller sizes,
cr.-sr* and S»o«iC0s. but buying in all cases Is
• n jobbir.f quantities. Our coast advices note
increasing firmness anionc holders of non
f.F?o<~iation ftork with prices quoted to the
trade here on the basis of J'lie f. o. b. for the
latest mall report* from New Tcrk ?ay:
"The Eituatlon throuxhout the list is quiet.
a few articles only tliowing a measure of
e-tlvlty. In spot prunes we note a continued
Improved tone on 50->V>s and 60-70s. the same
being- due to the depleted condition of stocks
on tho?e rizes. together with a continued Job
bing inquiry for them. We hear of business
in Mt-6'» on the ba*is of £>^c. and some holders
have advanced prices to 5«ic. On 60-70s there
New York Dried Fruit Market
moved very narrowly. Some of this class were
moved late in the dav apparently through
manipulation, as though the professional opera
tors were prompted to correct the appearance
of singularity In th' market, due to the special
character of the trading. Nevertheless the day's
operation? footed up. quite an Important aggre
gate and the general appearance of the market,
notwithstanding its peculiar features and the
difficulty of analyzing It. was one of activity
and Btrer.cth. There was a tendency to yield
the highest pricea as Interest was shifted to
new joints. Extensive realizing was going on
in the general list under cover of the Btrengtli
In Fpots, and in the last hour an active selling
movement to take profits caused a General re
action reaching a point or more in some of the
active stocks. The closing itself was rather
easy and much below the beat all around.
Among the day's special movements the South
western stocks were prominent, led by St.
Louis Southwestern, the common rising 4 and
the preferred <\.. The Lake Erie and Western
stocks were very strong, the common rising
4?» and the preferred 4. It is believed that the
movement indicates new conditions for that
system. Buffalo. Rochester and Pittsburg pre
ferred and Burlington. Cedar Rapids and
Northern rose 4 points each. The express stocks
were strong. American Express rising 4. Wells
Farro 2%t and United States 3, with a reaction
of 14. Smelting stocks were weak throughout,
the common falling 3*4 and the preferred 14.
Many of these movements were without any
explanation and others were based on vague
rumor? for which no official sanction could be
had. The movement In the Southwestern group
was the most consistent of the day and was
based upon the evidence of substantial prosper
ity among the railroads In that region and the
general l>ellef that plans for extensive consoli
dation are working out.
The money market continued unruffled in
spite of the absorption by the Sub-Treasury
thus far this wefk of $2,167,000 and the knowl
edce that $20,000,000 must be provided for the
disbursement of the Standard Oil dividend on
Friday.
Business in railroad bonds continued larpe
and many substantial advances were scored.
Total sales, i:,3SO,000. United States 3s ad
vanced H.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
£?m' 8 c. », Cloning
:6.6«O Atchison m 1
20,100 Atchison prefd q?i'
3,0<vi Baltimore & Ohio "" jV
300 Canadian Pacific '.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.' PO
450 Canada Southern
41.4W Chesapeake & Ohio "..'. 471;
2/'j£0 Chicajro Great Western '". 22^
J;r^ *^ ka^°. Burlington & Qulncy Bltt
n.WO Chicago. Ind & LoulsvllTe...... .33??
J'?£! 'U^so. In <* & Louisville prefd.... 71>.
•,^ oaso & Eastern Illinois no>!
W) Chicago & Northwestern 173
l ?S5 chtca K°- Ro <* Island & Pacific.. "!l26'-,
2.200 t C C 4 St Louis 751/
S.400 Colorado Southern io«i
« 2 22 '' olora<1 o Sputhern 1st prefd '..'.'. 45
2.100 Colorado Southern 2d prefd . «>i
3C>0 Delaware & Hudson ""l65U
-•££ P*Iaware. Lack & Western 1 195*
o.&OO Denver & Rio Grande.. 4o£
l.«<) Denver & Rio Grande prefd....".*.".".'." Sa "
11.400 Krie •>)-,/
11,400 Erie 1st prefd ".'.".'. Jck
4.100 Great Northern prefd 204*7
J.O00 Hocking Coal ...... is- 4
2.200 Hocking Valley .'.V* S4'a
L2OO Illinois Central 159 "
14,700 Iowa Central 30K
7.S00 Iowa Central prefd "" &gi'Z
3.6* Lake Erie & Western "" 451*
2.400 Lake Erie & Western prefd Ub^l
Lake Shore "iiov
li.sso Louisville & Nashville .'." 4
22.200 Manhattan Elevated .. "ill
,H5£ Metropolitan Street Railway. '.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.lh-'i
11.200 Mexican Central iou
S.20Q Minneapolis & St Louis 794J
c?JS MJnn*-apollB & St Louis prefd... .."""lOsii
8,100 Missouri Pacific ojr
400 Mobile & Ohio "" ci
19.700 Missouri. Kansas & Texas wti
27,500 Missouri. Kansas & Texas prefd""" 56»i
New Jersey Central "155
300 New York Central ' 144
13.700 Norfolk & Western -jo t ;
Norfolk & Western prefd ;.; E5
o.KO Northern Pacific $41;
1.000 Northern Pacific prefd is
4.KO Ontario & Western 3214
Oregon Railroad & Navigation 42
Oregon Railroad & Nav prefd "" 7fl
10.900 Pennsylvania ,-'{.,
4.100 Reading gi,*
16.2f.O Reading 1st prefd 72
1.600 Reading; 2<1 prefd 4?
KIo Grande Western "!."."."."'" 63
.. l« RIo T Gra nde Western prefd 96«
Pt Louis & San Francisco 441!
• J22 S l I" 0 " 18 & San Fral > l»t prefd K74
,$•¦£2 I 1 Lou!|t & s »n Fran 2d prefd 7l£
32.4fO Pt Louis. Southwestern.... «2
It p2 u i Bt Southwes « r n prefd."::::::: k5
Pt Paul prefd \'.\'.\ icj 5
Pt Paul & Omaha ...V..' rs
12.700 Southern Pacific 44V
16.400 Southern Railway " jiaj
5.100 Southern Railway prefd.. "" 7SV
21.700 Texas & Pacific.:...::.. jft
IXSM Vnlon Pacific l\^
1.CT0 I'nion Pacific, prefd ¦-•-.-•.... 1^
1.700 Wabuh ?Z V "
16,C<y> Wahavh crefd A}»?
60S Wheeling & Lake Erie'.".'.".". i?i/
1.C00 Wheeling & Lake Erie 2d Drefii till
4.200 Wisconsin Central VTtza.... 34
Third Avenue A]' 1
72i National Tube prefd | iniu:
Express Companies— ""
Adams .»•
tM American ' \T
100 fnlted States c?
i 100 Wells-Fanco I."." ,7:
j 1.200 American Cotton Oil 2 -
I American f'ntton Oil prefd ' si
l.fiOO American Malting .. %,
• 2.7P0 American Malting prefd •n
' l hzH -^merlran Kmeltln* Jfc Refng.'.'." 541^
! American Snlrlts ore'd .'.' 17
i 2.K0 American Steel Hoop """ ->cxl
2.000 American Steel Hoop prefd sirt
5.W-0 American Steel & ¦ Wire IJ
l.cno American Steel A Wire preVd";'.."" 071:
2C0 American Tin Plate «^
2.700 American Tin Plate piefd in u
21.1C0 American Tobacco .....?..." JSP
Amerlonn Tobacco prefd * *•••"••••'»
1.CCO Anaconda Mining Co.. i«
S2.5OO Brooklyn Rapid Transit . rlv
4<rt Colorado FuM & i ron JJ?
K.«M Continental Tobacco 4-1/
1.C09 Continental Tobacco prefd! inail
2.100 Federal Steel ~.,J*
5.W> r>d>-,! pteel prefd .'...'.".".¦. £{?
200 General Electric ,, , 4
Olucofe Sugar t .
Glucose Fujrar prefd .'.' «
100 International Paper •¦¦•• ¦¦•
COO International Paper prefd " -'li
1.4^0 IJirlrdr Gas ' iV
700 National Biscuit -*,* Jiu
Natior.al BI*ruit prefd .... oe
K-0 Nntlcnsl I^ad ;?„,
4.2C0 National Steel IV
3.2*"-0 Xatioml fcteel prefd "" " T itai
. 7<-« Xev.' York Air Urake IHviTlH
1C0 North American (new stock). " 74
Paclflr Coast " tl
Parlflf. Con^t 1st prefd '.'.'.'.'. ss
Pacific «V«« 2d prefd * «<»
I l.V* racifl-? Mall ,;i-
I 22.700 I'oople's O»«i "" -ijZi?
V* PresrM Fteel Car V-v
WO Prised Steel Car prefd '.'. -3'u
Pullrran Palare Car '"20;
Standard Rcpe & Twine "" 4
IS.SC'O Sajrar "iav
Buitar i>refd J?,"*
'.2'*> Tcnnes^e Coal &- Iron ; r 3V
ZW T'nited States leather '" ij«
2f0 I'nltcd Staten leather prefd. .\\ k2
S."0 T'nited State* Rubber " 19
2tO fnited States Rubber prefd..."."."".'.' ssii
Weft*m I'nion " r^i7
K.7C0 Anialeamat^d Conper ""'nvii'
Repnblle Inn A- Steel Co '. ij-l
1.CM rtenuNIr Iron k Steel Co prefd" «v
P C C & St Loui* [{ -j*
ft-.SW Shares i«old.'
1 CI-OSING BONDS.
j IT S 2s r»f ng lOWiiN T Cent lutrf... tMu
I Do coup IUS^iN J Cent ren Bs..l34
H° I s rCB JIOTi .Vo,th-rn Pac 3s.. 71»;
¦ Vo 3e coup JlOTii po 4s ics? 4
. Po new '.» retr...l37%|N V C & S i^uHlOS
; I)o new 4s cou P .137vi|N f: W con 4j... 103
I I)ood4sreg 113 |Or Nav 1st* 110
Do old 4s coup. ..114 Do 4s 1MU
Tto 5» rc« «...J11»i Or Short Llne"cilCB
' ™ :*<??. U1V4 I1U -?" ?• "•
CORN — Spot — Firm. American mixed new,
3s 10d; American mixed old, 3s 11'4<1. Futures-
Quiet. March, nominal; May, 3s 9%d; July, 3s
9V4d ' .
WHEAT— Spot— Firm. No. 2 red Western
winter, 6s llVid; No. 1 Northern spring. 6s 24d;
No. 1 California, 6s 24d. Futures— Quiet.
May. 5s ll»4d; July. Ss llTid.
LIVERPOOL. March 13.— Wheat, steady; No.
1 standard California, 6s 24dig6s 34d; weather
in England, foggy.
COTTON— Uplands.' 4 13-1 Cd.
CLOSING.
LONDON. March 13.— Consols, 96 9-16; sliver.
2S 3-16d; French rentes. 102f 35c; cargoes on
passage, quiet and steady; cargoes No. 1 stand
ard California, 29s 3d.
Foreign Markets.
TACOMA. March 13.— WHEAT— Unchanged;
blue stem, 67c; club, 544c.
WASHINGTON.
PORTLAND, Or.. March 13.— WHEAT—
Seven ships carrying over 800.000 bushels of
wheat have finished loading this month, and
there are ten more in the river. Quotations
are nominal at E6c for Walla Walla and SSc
for blue stem.
Cleared — Ship Combliebank for Queenstown,
OREGON.
PORTLAND, Or., March 13. -Clearings, $447.
115; balances, J1C2.C70.
Northern Wheat Market.
-Portland's Business.
NEW YORK, March 13.— Cotton closed quiet,
prices net 2 points higher to 5 points lower.
New York Cotton Market.
SHEEP— Receipts, 18.000. Slow to 10c lower.
Good to choice wethers, $4 40@4 80; fair to
choice mixed, $4@4 50; Western sheep, $4 40@
4 80; yearlings, $4 75®6; native lambs, $4 50@
6 35; Western lambs, $5i@5 35.
CHICAGO, March 13.— CATTLE— Receipts,
18,000, including 700 Texans. Choice steers
steady, others weak to 10c lower. Good to
prime steers, $4 90@6; poor to medium, $3 60®
4 80; stockers and feeders, $2 80@4 60; cows
and heifers, $2 60@4 70; canners, $1 90^2 60;
bulls. $2 60@4 25; calves, $4ff6; Texas fed
6teers, $-lf? t 95; grassers, $3 35@i; bulls, $2 60@
3 75.
HOGS— Receipts to-day, 30,000; to-morrow,
22,000; estimated left over, 4000. Opened shade
higher, closed weak; top, $5 75; mixed and
butchers, $5 4241? 5 70; good to choice heavy,
to 60@5 75; rough heavy, $5 45@5 55; light,
$5 42H<35 67%; bulk of sales, $5 53@5 674.
Chicago Livestock. Market.
LONDON. March 13.— The offerings at the
wool auction sales to-day numbered 13,630
bales. A much better feeling prevailed and
competition was spirited. Be6t scoured realized
full rates and greasy was firm and sold > freely
at unchanged prices. There was an Important
demand for the Continent, and buyers secured
good lines of scoured merinos. Crossbreds
were taken freely, fine grades selling at full
rates. Inferior crossbreds were irregular. A
smaller supply of Cape of Good Hope and
Natal was offered and lt sold fairly well, but
there were withdrawals, as bids were V4®4d
below sellers' views.
London Wool Market.
There Is a steadier tone to the wool mar
ket, and on the whole a more careful feeling
Is apparent than has been manifest for some
time. A large volume of business has been
transacted, and it has been done without
making any further concessions in prices. The
pressure to sell wool is decidedly less marked
than lt was, and some holders have refused
to let wools go on a difference of only 4c
between their views and those of the Intend
ing buyers. Reports frpm manufacturers as
to the business which they are doing indi
cate that orders on large weights have been
surprisingly large, but that fancy worsteds
have been slow. *
Sales for the week in Boston amounted to
4.913.000 pounds domestic and 1,310.000 pounds
foreign, making a total of 6,233,000 pounds,
against a total of 3,729.500 pounds for the pre
vious week and 1,907,000 last year.
The sales since January 1 amounted to 40,
659,800 pounds, against 34.408,000 pounds for
the corresponding time last year.
BOSTON, March 13.— The American Wool
and Cotton Reporter will say to-morrow:
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— May. July.
Opening .• 6 n« § 6 11*4
Closing s n>y4 6 11T»
PARIS, l
Wheat— March. May-Aug.
Opening = 18 55 I9 60
Closing 18 65 19 60
Flour-
Opening .'..... 23 75 24 93
Closing 23 73 24 95
Boston Wool Market.
Foreign Futures.
Exchange as before. Sihcr tinner. .
Wheat higher on spot and call.
Barley, Oats, Corn and Rye dull.
Hay and Fccdsiuffs uncjiangcd. Pink Beans lower.
Shipment of 4000 sks river Potatoes to Honolulu.
Onions weak and dull. Vegetables arriving freely.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs as pra'iously quoted.
Poultry continues hrm under moderate stocks. Game nominal.
Oranges firmer and arriving in better condition.
Lemons easy and Limes slill scarce and Hrm.
No further change in Dried Fruit.
Previsions in slow demand, but firm.
Meat market as before quoted.
Stocks and bonds continue to sell fairly.
WASHINGTON, March 13.— To-day's state
ment of the treasury balances ehown: Avail
able cash balance, $149,452,783; gold, $89,6S3,755.
Condition of the Treasury.
New York Money Market.
NEW YORK. March 13.— Money on call,
steady, at 2 l ,4®24 per cent; prime mercantile
paper, 34g4«4 per cent. Sterling exchange,
steady, with actual business In bankers' bills
at $4 87% for demand and at $4 $44 for 60 days
posted rates. $4 85ig4 854 and $4 SSU; commer
cial bills. $4 S4%@4 S4. Silver certificates, 614
«i«Sc; bar silver. 614c; Mexican dollars. 49c.
Go\ernirent bonds, steady; State boada, Inac
tive; railroad bonds, strong.
LONDON. Marcfc 13.— Atchlson, ESTi; Cana
dian Pacific 947i; Union Pacific preferred. 87;
Northern Pacific preferred, 90; Grand Trunk.
7H: Anaconda, 9\. Bar silver, steady, 2S>4d
per ounce. Money, 3®34 per cent.
CLOSING.
The stock market here was stagnant and dull
to-day, though prices hardened a little at the
close. This was on a private announcement
received by a big African house that several
Transvaal mines have been allowed to resume
operations. Americans were quiet, and except
for a spurt in Missouri Pacific and Kansas Pa
cific, were featureless. This spurt was in the
street after hours. The bank bought £10,000
gold bars. Money was easy.
NEW YORK. March 13.— The Commercial
Advertiser's London financial cablegram says:
London Market.
Do prefd 190 jQuincy 1744
Ed Elec 111 241 Santa Fe Copper... 74
Mexican Cent 19 Tamarack 337
N E Gas & Coke.. 12 ! Utah Mining 344
Old Dominion 36^4 Winona 64
Rubber 184 Wolverines 53
Money— | Union Pac 91H
Call loans 24ff4iUnlon Land 34
Time loans 3H@4 West End 97V4
Stocks— Westngh Elec ....62
Atch Tod & 3 F.. E7T4 Bonds-
Do prefd 92 Atchlson 4s .".102
Amer Sugar 139?4 N E G & Coke 6s.. 6S4
Do prefd 1204 Mming Shares—
Amer Tele 139 Adventure 134
Boston & Albany. .253 Blngham 21%
Boston Elev 171 Amal Copper 1004
Boston Sc Maine. .3944 Atlantic 32U
Chi Bur & Q 151*4 1 Boston & Mont 350
Dominion Coal 394 Butte & Boston... 104«i
Do prefd 110 Calumet & Hecla..86o
Federal Steel .... 43 Franklin 22U,
Do prefd 89 Humboldt 50
Fitchburg prefd... 4J* Osceola 87
General Elec 2l0>,4 i Parrot 614
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS,
Adams Con 20 Little Chief 14
Alice 35 Ontario 8 25
"reece 1 20 Ophir 60
Brunswick Con 23 Phoenix OS
Comstock Tunnel... OS Potosi V>
Con Cal & Va 1 50 Savage 06
Deadwood Terra. .. 60 Sierra" Nevada 25
Horn Silver 1 10 Small Hopes 65
Iron Silver CO Standard 3 90
Leadville- Con ' 05!
Dis of Col 3.65s. ..123 1 Reading Gen 4s 944
Atchison gen 4s....lO4«i R G W lsts 100%
Do edj 4s 93% -8 L & I M con 5S.11S4
Canada Sou 2ds...ltS4,S L & S F cen 6s.l31
Ches & Ohio 44s..lO74'fit Paul con ..1S44
D <> 5s 121HjSt P C & P lsts.ll8V»
C & M con 7s 140«,i Do 5b 121
Do S F Deb 5s..llS^'Routhern Pac 4s... 82%
Chic Term 4s %\ Southern Ry f,s 1154
Colorado Sou 4s... SK14 Stand R & T 6s... 65
D & R G 4s 102'4'Tex & Pac lsts. ..120
Erl* Gen 4s S6Hl Do 2ds 8S
F %V Be L> C lsts... 94T» Union Pac 4s 106U
t.eneralEIcc 5s. ..176 Wabash lsts 119^
Iowa Cent lsts. ...116 Do 2ds 1094
I' * u nl *B 1014;Wrst Shore 4s UbVt
M K & T 2ds 79Tijwis Cent 4s 89%
i>o ¦*» OS'.iiVa Centuries 95%
. MINING STOCKS.
SUMMARY GF THE MARKETS.
WOOL— Spring, 1900— Humboldt and Mendo
clno, 15016c n«r lb: Northern, free. UQVic; do
defective. 10@llc; Middle County,' free, lOfillc'
do. defective. 9#10c; Southern, 12 months. 8®
5>c: Southern, free. 7 months. 7@10c: do, de
fective, ¦ 7 months, -7(5ISe: Oregon Valley, fine.
l",(f?16o: do. medium and coarse, U'gloc;-Ore
gon Eastern, choice, \.lZQUc; do. fair ta'gocd,-
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
Steers. 94@10c; medium. 8V4©3c; light? Si/sUcr
Cow Hides. 84c for heavy and Sc for lleht :
Stags. rifi64c; Salted Kip, 9c; Salted Veal 9©
940: Snlted Calf. 10c; Dry Hides. 15H«lSc^
Culls.' 1346 14c: -Dry Kip, laQlfic; Dry Calf 16 W
17c: Culls and Brands. 14315c;" Sheep.'klns.
shearlings, 20@S0c eaoh; (short Wool 50<330c
each: . medium. 60@75c: long Wool.' 75c0il
each: Horse Hide*, salt. . $2 S0JJ2 75 for lare^
and S2«i2 25 for. medium. $1 25 for small and 60c
for coitn: Horse Hides/ dry. $1 75 for large $1 '0
for medium, tl 23 for small and 50c for colts
Deerskins— S-ummor- or red skins, C3c: fall or
medium skins, 30c; winter or thin skins «0c
Goatskins— Prime Angoras, 73c; laree and
smooth. .We; medium, SSc.. . ...
TALLOW — No.,1 rendered.' 4V i ©4»ic per lb-
No. 2. 464'4e: grease. 2#2«ic.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
. LARD — Tierces quoted at 64c per lb for
compound and 94@Mic for pure; half-barrels
pure. 10c; 10-lb tins. 104c; 5-lb tins, 10%c.
COTTOLENE— One half barrels, Si»c; three
half-barrels. 8c; one tierce, T%c; two tierces
7%c; five tierces. 79ic per lb. ' *
CURED MEATS— Bacon. Il@114c per lb for
heavy. 114@12c for light medium. 12HS>13c for
light, 13@llc for extra light and lofilo'ic for
sugar-cured; Eastern sugar-cured Hams, I2<g>
124c; Mess Beef, $12 per barrel; extra Mess
$13; Family, $14; extra fine Pork. $15® 15 50;
extra clear, $19 50@20; Mess, $17; Smoked
Beef, 13c per pound. -
Firm prices and a slow demand are still
quoted by tha trade.
Provisions.
HONEY— Comb. 134@»c for bright and 124®
13c for light amber; water white extracted
7>4c: light amber extracted, 64<g7c; dark 6(ui
64c per lb.
UEESWAX-24@:Gc per lb.
RAISINS— The Raisin Growers' Association
has established the following prices: Bleached
Thompson's fancy. 12c per lb; choice, lie;
standard, 10c; prime, 9c; unblc-ached Thomt^
sons. 9c per lb. Sultanas— Fancy. 10%c per
lb: choice. 9«4c: standard. 8*ic; prime, 8c; un
bleached Sultanas, 8c; Seedless, 50-lb boxes
64c; 4-crown. 7c; 3-crown, 64c; 2-crown 6c'
Pacific brand, 2-crown. 5c; 3-crown. S^c, 'and
4-crown. 54c: seeded (Fresno prices), fancy. 1S
ounce, 7c; 12-ounce. 54c; choice, 16-ounce, 6»ic;
12-ounce. 5Uc: London Layers, 2-crown $i 53
prr box; 3-crown, $160; Fancy Clusters, $:• Dc
hesa, $2 50; Imperial. $3. All prices f. o. b at
common shipping points In California.
NUTS— Chestnuts, 8®10c per lb for Italian*
Walnuts, No. 1 softshell. 10c; No. 2. 7Hc; No.'
1 hardshell. ' 9V&o; No. 2, "c; Almonds. 12<QVic
for papershell. 9@llc for softshell; Peanuts 5@
6c for Eastern; Brazil Nuts, 13c; Filberts, 13c-
Pecans. ll@13c; Cocoanuts, $3 50® 5.
PRUNES— Santa Clara. 4 sizes, 3c: S0-40s 7c*
40-aOs, 6Hc: 60-608, 44c; 60-70s, 3%c; 70*-80s, ZKc'
80-90s, 2%c; 90-lOOs, 2Mc; 10O-12Os, 14c; rubies,'
V4o premium; Swnomas, 4c and San Joaquins
«4c less than Santa Claras, except 100 and over
which stand the same.
FRUITS — Apricots. 5®7c for Royals and 8>4@
10c for Moorparks; Evaporated Apples, 4@5W 
sun-dried. 14@2%c; Peaches. 3@34c for stand
ard, 4!?44c for choice and'5@<ic for fancy
Pears. 2@7c; Plums, pitted. 4@5c; unpltted. l?j
lV4c; Nectarines, 5<g54c for red and 54@6c for
white. .
The situation shows no further change. Con
tinued activity in Prunes Is reported from
New York, as will be seen in the first col
umn, but it is almost exclusively In fruit
outside the Association.
CITRUS FRUITS— Nave] Oranges. $1®2;
Seedlings, oOcfitl; Tangerines, 25c@$l 25:
Japanese Mandarins, $ltfl 50; Lemons, $l@
1 50 for common and $1 70@2 25 for good
to choice; Grape Fruit, 50c@$2; Mexican
Limes, $S; California Limes, nominal: Ba
nanas. $1@2 per bunch: Pineapples, 7ic@f2 per
<lczen.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
The Orange market is working into better
shape, owing to the improved condition of
the fruit, very little frost-bitten stock being
received now. At the auction nine cars of
sound fruit were eold as follows: fancy Nav
els, $1 60@I 85; choice do, $1 1001 50; standard
do. 60c<Sl 20: Lemons, $1@1 60.
Lemons and Limes show no further change.
The former are c-asy and the latter firm.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS
APPLES—50@73c per box for common, 90c®
$1 EO for good to choice and $1 75@2 for fancy.
PEARS— 75c© $1 to per box and nominal.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
CHEESE — Fancy, full cream, 9c; choice.
Sc; common, nominal; Young Americas, 94c;
Eastern, full cream. 15@164e per lb.
EGGS—
California Ranch — Selected White. 124c:
mixed colors, 114c per dozen.
California Gathered— Selected, 114c; stand
ard, lie; seconds, .
Fresh Eastern — Fancy, ; standard. ;
seconds. .
Storage — California fancy, ; standard,
; Eastern fancy. ; standard, ; sec
onds, .
Receipts as reported by the Dairy Exchange
were: 55,900 pounds of Butter, 1S27 cases Eggs,
25,700 pounds California Cheese and 33,500
pounds Eastern Cheese.
BUTTER—
Creamery— Extras, 17c; firsts, 15c; seconds.
14c.
Dairy— Extras, 15c; firsts, 13c; seconds. 12c;
store, lie.
Storage-7-Creamery extras. ; firsts, ;
seconds, - : ; dairy extras, .
Pickle. per pound.
Keg. per pound.
Another day passed without any change in
quotations on the Exchange. All grade of
Butter were quoted weak, with free stocks
and large receipts, while Eggs and Cheese
were reported steady. The demand for Eggs
continues active, and there Is no accumula
tion of supplies.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Dealers are still quoting a very firm Poul
try market, supplies being moderate and the
demand good.
Game Is nominal at previous prices as a
rule. ¦ j
POULTRY — Live Turkeys. lO011o for Gob
blers and 124014c for Hens: Dressed Turkeys,
nominal; Geese, per pair, $1 60©2; Goslings.
$2 60@2 75; Ducks. $4£5 for old and $6@7 for
young; Hens. $436; Young Roosters, $6@7; old
Roosters. $4®4 50; Fryers. $5 60@S; Broilers.
$4 50<g5 for large and $3<g4 for small; Pigeons,
$: 75<g2 per dozen for old and $2 50S3 for
Squabs.
GAME— Gray Geese. $3: White Geese. $10
1 25; Brant, $1 50®l 75 for small and $2 for
large; Honkers, $3@4 50; English Snipe. $3;
Jack Snipe, $l 50; Hare, . $1@1 25; Rabbits,
$1@1 25 for Cottontail and 7Gc for Brush.
Poidtry and Game.
The feature of this market Is the shipment
of nbout 4000 sks of River Potatoes to Hono
lulu, which greatly reduces stocks of this de
scription, and prices are firmer In consequence.
Karly Rose are also firmer, but Oregon Pota
toes show no Improvement.
Onions continue quiet and weak.
Receipts of Asparagus are not Increasing very
rapidly, and prices show no further decline.
The same remark applies to Rhubarb. Peas,
en the contrary/ are in much larger receipt and
weak.
Receipts were 391 boxes Asparagus, 579 boxes
Rhubarb and 294 sk* Bay Peas.
POTATOES-Early Rose. &5c0$l: Burbanks.
40@55c for River and 60@90c for Oregon: Garnet
Chiles from Oregon. 60<ljSOc; Sweets. 50@75c for
Merced ; New Potatoes, 2<3"3c per 'lb.
ONIONS— $2<S2 75 per ctl; Cut Onions, 50c@
$1 50 per sack; Australians are jobbing at 5c;
Green Onions. 3o@40c per box.
VEGETABLES— Rhubarb. 75c0$l 50 per box:
Asparagus. 11®12V4c for fancy. 8©10c for No. 1
and 4© 7c per lb for No. 2; Green Peas, 2(g4c
for 1,08 Angeles and 3(fT5c for Bay; String
Beans, 7@8c; Cabbage, 80c: Tomatoes. Los
Angeles. 50c@$l 25 per crate; from Mexico,
75cff$l 23 per crate; Egg Plant, Los Angeles,
124c per lb; Green Peppers, Los Angeles,
8@l0c per lb for Chile and 124c for Bell; Dried
Peppers, 12@18c; Dry Okra, 23c per lb; Carrots,
25#35c per sack; Hothouse Cucumbers, 73c@
$1 50 per dozen; Summer Squash, Sl@l 25 per
box; Garlic, 24©3c per lb; Marrowfat Squash,
530 per ton; Mushrooms, 1C@15c per lb.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Pink Beans are much lower. This . Is the
first variation In Beans for some weeks. The
market continues dull.
BEANS-Bayos. $2 60@2 75; Small White, $4 60
©4 90; Large White. $4@4 23: Pink. $1 90@2;
Red. $3lgr3 50; Blackeye, $3®3 25; Llmas. $5 60©
5 70; Pea. cleaned up and nominal; Red Kid
ney, $3 7o@4 per ctl.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, nominal; Yellow
MU3tard. nominal; Flax, $2 50@3; Canary. 3V4@
3*4 for Eastern; Alfalfa, 7%@8Vic for Califor
nia and 9<m>%c for Utah; Rape, 2S2%c; Hemp,
3Hc; Timothy. 6^Jc.
DRIED PEAS-Niles. $2@2 50; Green. $2.70®
3 per ctl; Blackeye. nominal.
Beans and Seeds.
1
Hay and Feedstuff s.
Dullness continues to prevail and quotations
show no change. _.
BRAN— $15@15 60 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— $16 50@19 60 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley, $16@15 50 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill, $25026; jobbing.
$26 60; Cocoanut Cake, $17@1S: Corn Meal. $25®
25 SO; Cracked Corn. $25 50@26; Mixed Feed.
%'lo'yjlfi.
HAY— Volunteer, $5@S; Wheat, $11®13; Wheat
and Oat, $9@12; Oat, $9f 11 50; Clover, nominal;
Alfalfa, $S@9 50: Barley. $7 50S9 50 per ton.
STRAW— 35® n\ic per bale.
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS
Bay C P C 5s..lO3>4 — Oak W Co 5a. — 101
Cal-st Cab Bs..H6h — Oceanic S3 58.105*41084
C C Water 5s. — 109 Otn C R 6s.... — 130
E L & P 6s...l2Sm33' / i Pac G Imn 4s. — 100'4
F & Cl Ry 6s.. 112H — )'k i Cl K fe.105 —
Geary-st R 5s. — — Pic i O R 6s. — —
Haw C 5^is....lC8>i — Powell-st R 6s.l20 —
Haw C 5s lOSVa — |S E G & R 5s. — 9S'i
L A R R 5i....ll2t, _ IS F & SJV 5S.120H —
; L A L Co 6s... — — S P of Cal 6s. 110 —
j . Do gntd 6s.. — 104 S P R of A 6s — li:u
j Do gntd 5s. .100 — S P C 63 (1905.
L A P R R5s.lO1^102U Series A)'.... — 110-i
1 Markt-st C 6s. — 127 Do Series B).U1U11H,
Do 1st c 5s..l21!i— Do (19M> _ 113s?
N C N G R 7s. — U3ii Do «l<!r3).....122 ! !i —
N U of Cal 63. - 1M% arc 1st g 5s.lC6H —
N R of Cal 5s.i;O«4 — SPBrR 6S...131H —
N P C R R 6S.IOU2 — S V Water 6S.112V1 —
N P C R R 5s.lCS'.*10SH S V Water 4s. — 104
NCRR 5s. .111 — Do 3d mtg...lOH4 —
O O L. & H 5s.U3 — Stkn G & E 6s.lOO —
Oak Tr Co 6s.. 11* 117
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa.. 70% 71U Spring Valley. 9O*i 91*i
Marin County. 63^3 —
GAS AND ELECTRIC STOCKS.
Cen.t L & P... 3 4 Pac Lt Co 43 —
I Eqult Gas 3»i — Sac E G A R. — 40
Mut Elec Lt.. — !!i S F G 4 E.... 47H 47Ti
O G L & H.... 30 51<* San Francisco. 4* -•
Pac Gas Imp.. — 45 Stktn G & E.. — 14
INSURANCE STOCKS.
Firem's Fund. 233 — |
BANK STOCKS.
Anglo-Cal .... 77 — ,Lon P & A. ...147 —
Bank of Cal... — 4114 Mer Ex (liq).. 18 —
Cal Safe Dep.. 105^106 S F National.. 110 1C3
»lst X of S F.. — 312',i|
SAVINGS BANKS.
German 1S30 WOO Sav & Loan...— —
Humboldt — — Security 275
Mutual 60 — Union Trust... — —
S F Sav U....515 —
STREET RAILROAD STOCKS
Cal-st — 140 O S L & H.... 40 —
Geary-st 474 — 'Presidio 24 30
Market-st 694 70 I
POWDER STOCKS.
Giant Con — 84 Jvigorlt 2J, 3},
SUGAR STOCKS.
Hana Plan.... 7 8>4 Kilauea 23U —
Haw Com — S7H Makawell 43'.,—
Honokaa 32% — Onomea 30 —
Hutch S P 25 2G>,. >aauhau .4 24U 34H
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Alaska Pack.. 1194 — Oceanic SS Co 49H 504
Cal Fruit Can. 9!>»4 S3«4 Pac A F A.... Va 31!
Cal Wine Asn.100 — Pac C Bor Co. ISO
Her Ex Assn.l02V& — Par Paint Co.. 1O4
Morning Session.
Board—
190 Alaska Packers' Assn 119 75
10 Equitable Gaa 3 37L4
, $1000 Hawaiian C & S Co 5s 106 60
100 Honokaa S Co 33 00
5 Oceantc S S Co 54 00
5 Oceanic S S Co 53 jo
20 Oceanic S S Co 51 00
60 Oceanic S S Co 50 00
10 Oceanic S S Co 50 60
40 Oceanic S S Co 51 50
70 Oceanic S S Co 52 00
35 Oceanic S S Co 51 75
75 Onomea Sugar Co 30 00
25 Paauhau S P Co 34 371^;
.200 S F Gaslight 4 371"
60 Spring Valley Water 90 75
5 Spring Valley Water, cash 90 75
100 Vlgorit j™
Street— *
6 Bank of California 410 60
$3000 Spring Valley Water 4s <2d mtge>..lO3 75
Afternoon Session.
Board—
33 Alaska Packers' Assn 119 55
60 Alaska Packers' Assn T ."!!!ll9 6 >l i
H> California Canners' .¦— 93 5JJ
150 Contra Costa Water 71 <v\
71 Honokaa S Co ...• U ¦£
110 Hutchlnson S P Co « m •
10 Kilauea S P Co « L;
5 Oceanic S S Co |X S
10 Oceanic S S Co it JC;
60 Oceanic S S Co rj, Z t
10 Oceanic S S Co •" vi™
$2ooO Oceanic S S bonds V"in« ti
11000 Oceanic S X bonds •* ins «I
23 S F Ga3 & Electric Co V.' 4- rc
10 S F Gas & Electric Co J7 c-,>
J20C0 S P of A bonds iii iA
5 Spring Valley Water '. w fi?«t
5 Spring Valley Water '. ,1 „*
Street- 91 w
$1000 Hawaiian C & S Co Ss I05 jq
- PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
Board- Mornln S s «slon.
100 Bear Flag, b 30 jn
200 Bear Flag
1000 California-Standard li'.II!!!'."!" 55
2 Hanford " 93
230 Home !!!!!!!"!!! 4 oo
500 Junction !..!!""*"" 63
50 Kern goo
100 Lion -»i
S30 McKittrick '.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'. 45
200 Occidental of .West Virginia a
200 Occidental of West Virginia 47
1000 Petroleum Center, b 30 IS
. 21 Reed Crude 60
53 Sterling '. 250
200 Twenty-eight 135
200 Twenty-eight, b 30 1324
250 Twenty-eight ....1 130
40 Twenty-eight ..." 125
200 Wolverine 1 :S
Street—
SO San Joaquln Oil & Dev 10 87*i
Afternoon Session.
Board—
200 Bear Flag 13
2400 Bear Flag 15
500 California-Standard 51
i:» California-Standard, s 30 • o3 \ t
50 California-Standard '... 53
1000 Central Point Con 173
300 Home > 4 00
2300 Independence - 20
200 Junction 67
300 Junction (8
100 Lion • II
500 Monarch of Arizona, s 90 55
100 Monarch of Arizona 5s
100 Monte Oristo, * 20 523 j
100 Monte Crlsto 333
1000 Occidental of West Virginia....:.... . 47
200 Occidental of West Virginia .45
60 Peerless S (U)
200 Pertoleum Center -'13
50 Twenty-eight 1 30
! ¦ SAN FRANCISCO OIL EXCHANGE. I
Morning Session.
Board —
1000 California-Standard 53
DO Caribou , «
1 tlanfuid n
Bid.Ask.i BId.Ask.
4s coupon ....114 1144 4s coup (new).137* 4 13iU
4s registered... 113 113tj',3s coupon 1U —
UNITED STATES BONDS.
WEDNESDAY. March 13—2 p. m.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
Business 'on the morning session of the Bond
Exchange was fair. Onomea was firmer, sail
ing up to $30. and Spring Valley "Water sold
down to $90 75. Oceanic sold from $54 down to
$50, but recovered to $52. **?*
In the afternoon Oceanic sold at $43 7Sff52.
the other stocks standing about the same.
The oil stocks were fairly active on the morn-
Ing- sessions, with some fluctuation in Twenty
eight. There was nothing new In the after
noon.
The following dividends will be paid to-mor
row: Four Oil, lc; Oakland Gas. 25c: Paclflo
and Sunset Telephone, the usual dividends. •
The California Street Cable Company paid
a dividend of EOc per share yesterday.
Receipts of Produce.
FOR WEDNESDAY. MARCH 11
Flour, qr sks 4.620'Straw, tons S
Wheat, ctls 1.7701 Wool, bales 23
Barley, ctls «23|Alfalfa Seed. sks. 3
Oats, ctls 2,250 Broom Corn, bdls 278
Beans, sks 71, Pelts, bdls 225
Corn, ctls 410' Hides. No 711
Potatoes, sks 2.1S7lL!me. bbls 216
Onions, sks 452[Tallow, ctls 4S4
Bran, sks 1,1731 Leather, rolls.... 53
Middlings, ska.... 50O { Quicksilver, risks I".
Hay, tons 330!Wine, gals 92.940
BAGS— San Quentln Bags. $5 65: Calcutta
Grain Bats. June and July. 6^g8»4c; local
make. «?4c; Wool Bass. 3O@32V4c; Fleece Twine.
COAI^— Wellington. J3 per ton: Southfleld
Wellington. *9 ; Seattle. $7; Bryant. $7; Coos
Bay. $5 50: Wallsend. J); Co-operative
end. $9: Cumberland. J12 In bulk and $13 23 in
sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Kss. $14: Can
nel, $10 per ton; Coke, $13 per ton J:i bulk and
$17 in sacks; Rocky Mountain descriptions. $S *¦>
per 2000 pounds and $3 50 per ton. according
to brand.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refinlne Com
pany quotes, per lb. In 10O-lb bags:
Crushea, 6.05c; Powdered. 5.85c: Candy Gran
ulated, 5.65c: Dry Granulated, 5.55c; Confec
tioners' A. ».55c; Magnolia A. 5.15c; Extra C.
B.Ooc; Golden C. O5c; barrels, 10c more: half
barrels, 25c more: boxes. £0c more: 50-lb bags.
10c more. No orders taken for less than 75
barrels or its equivalent. Domlnos, half-bar
rels, 6.30c; boxes, 6.55c per lb.
General Merchandise.
There Is no further change to report.
BEEF-703c for Steers and &®7%c per lb for
cows.
- VEAI^-Large. 7©8c; small. 9c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers. 9©9>-ic; Ewes. 8HCC per
lCc per lb; Spring, 10©
lH4e rer pound. , ,,, .
PORK— Live Hogs. ISO lbs and undei\6 l *c.
1«0 to 223 lbs. 6c; 22"> «ri<1 over, irfic: feeder*.
S^c; dressed Hogs, 8?;®3 1 ,$c.
San Francisco Meat Market.
9©llc; Nevada. 10®12c Fall— Humboldt and
Mendoclno. ll©12c; Middle County and Nortn
ern. »ftOc: San Joaquln. TJTSc.
HOPS— 15020c per lb.
WEDNESDAY. March 13—4 p. m.
Bid. Ask. f Bid.Aslt.
Andes C5 06 Justice €3 (n
Alta P2 C3. Julia 01 nj
Alpha 05 f>6 Kentuek Cl 03
Best & Belcher 17 19: Mexican 17 11
Belcher ,.. in lliOphtr «•» «7
Bullion "I C2 Overman 13 13
Challenge V> 17 ; Occidental (\\ 03
Caledonia 70 7i;Potosl :4 15
Confidence 72 731 Sierra Nevada. 29 31
Chollar 04 05'Savajre 10 \\
Crown Point 30 11 :S*< Belcher 02 OS
Con Cal & Va..l f* 1 63' Silver Hill 41 43
Exchequer 01 02 Standard 3 HO —
Gould & Curry. 18 H Utah 04 M
Hale & Norcrs. 13- 1* Vnton IS 19
Imperial Cl C2 Yellow Jacket.. H 20
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
200 Pest Sc Balcher V -SCO Overman \%
1CC0 Chollar 05 100 Sierra Nevada! 30
SCO Crown Point... 11 20O Yellow Jacket.. 13
SCO Ophir 861
Afternoon S-'essinn
20P CaJfHlonia 70i inn Ovprrran i*-i
300 Challenge Cnn.. 17|lW0rvtnsl " "l?
SCO Oould & Currv. lti MO Sierra Nevada' •*>
200 Hale A.Norcrs. t»i l^o Yellow Jacket 11
Mexican 17, 200 Yellow Jack-:" 13
250 Ophtr 65!
Morning Session
1CC0 Chollar M, E"0 Overman .. H
S0O Con Cal & Va.,1 «o; loo Pavaj;e \rt
100 Oould & curry. 17| 3M Pie rra tfwrnOa. *f»
I0O Ophlr «6' CW> ftah 03
Following were 1 the sales In the Taciflc Stock
Fxchar.se yesterday: .
Afternoon Seysirn.
Morning fv-sion.
ZCA Belcher lit iMt Hal»' & Norcrs. It
4CO Chollar 0Z< 1M ( »rh!r . .. 65
3<TO t'hollar 04 100 Savage . . ' 1»
10O Crown Point... Hi
Following were the »al»9 In the San Fna
c!sco Stock and Excharce Board yesterday:
MINING STOCKS.
SOO Junction tt
100 Junction f)
510O Petroleum Center 13
100 Sterling 133
• 100 Wolverine i i?i
Afternoon Session.
Board —
13tO California-Standard: 53
1000 Independence, b ii ;t
900 Independence 20
Street..
TOO Petroleuir Center l",
500 Monarch of Arizona, s 90 ii
No. 3 eprlns wheat. 69@73c : No. 2 red. UV,&
76Hc:_ No. 2 corn. 40c; No. 2 yellow. 40c; No.
? oats, 25<325%c; No 2 -white, 29c; No. 3 white.
27<&27%c; No. 2 rye. 52c; common barley. S7»-4@
3Sc; fair to choice malting barley, 4S©:8c; No.
1 ¦ flaxseed. $152; No 1 Northwestern, tl 53;
prime timothy seed $4 40;. mesa pork, per bar
rel,' $15 35@15 40; lard, per 100 pounds, $7 70@
~ 12M; short ribs sides (looee). $7 3507 55: dry
•salted shoulders (boxed), 6%<86}»c; short clear
sides (boxed), V 70©7 90; whisky, basis of high
wines. $1 27; clover, contract grade. $10 75.
Articles — ¦ Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 43 000 39.000
Wheat, bushels 90.000 65,000
Corn, bushels 431.000 193,000
Oats, bushels' 439.000 27S.0C0
Rye. bushels 8.C00 R.OflO
Barley, bushels 15.000 16.000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was dull- creameries. 15<g-21c: dairies,
ll©19c. Cheese. steady. l<H4©ll»ic. Eggs,
weak; fresh. Il%<gi2c.
«- "-
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL., THURSDAY, MARCH 14, 1901.
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
STOCK MARKET.
LOCAL MARKETS.
8
VE
I-ast I Th!«
I Hours] Season.
I Scasor
**~<j
¦f
12.34
H.fiS
IS. 79
10.28
.... j 5.70
.... 17.62
! 14.05
I S.61
(2X1
j <«.•¦.¦(
15.44
17.C2
T.04
2.19
14.70
fi.M
3.12
M
Jar. 5.
19<Xt. !
High. !
] Low.
140
1J7 I
ft
LAG
«
i i»
90 !
si
I 6.
! «
i 144
21
119
n»
lf>9
. 126 !
j J^i
I 5oi
202
166
28
]?7 I
1M
27
144
107
11
215 |
I 200
J 120
hi'iif
cas p
49 J
«
00 |
144 i
43
!. s?
i •-
i 145
30
69
27
33
IS
I -^
a &
if.c
est..
33 j
! 32
19
4«
S l<t
i "-«
"HI!
5
44
19
S"i
30
i:3
:i
27
70
27
>
31
14
44
7 stn.
FtOCl
<cks.
=-^i
! :.2.'.2 I
f S3
! S
VE
I-ast I Th!«
I Hours] Season.
I Scasor
**~<j
¦f
12.34
H.fiS
IS. 79
10.28
.... j 5.70
.... 17.62
! 14.05
I S.61
(2X1
j <«.•¦.¦(
15.44
17.C2
T.04
2.19
14.70
fi.M
3.12
M
Jar. 5.
19<Xt. !
High. !
] Low.
140
1J7 I
ft
LAG
«
i i»
90 !
si
I 6.
! «
i 144
21
119
n»
lf>9
. 126 !
j J^i
I 5oi
202
166
28
]?7 I
1M
27
144
107
11
215 |
I 200
J 120
hi'iif
cas p
49 J
«
00 |
144 i
43
!. s?
i •-
i 145
30
69
27
33
IS
I -^
a &
if.c
est..
33 j
! 32
19
4«
S l<t
i "-«
"HI!
5
44
19
S"i
30
i:3
:i
27
70
27
>
31
14
44
7 stn.
FtOCl
<cks.
=-^i
! :.2.'.2 I
f S3
! S
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
as. Steamer* leave Brcadway
W. . wharf. San Francisco:
tQjfcg.- For Alaskan Ports— 11 a. m..
|SSnS3»v March 7. 12. 17. 22. 27. Arr!'. 1.
FS'KJw*^ Change to company's st»-irr.?r«
f.^^JCS XS1 For Victoria. Vancouver Hi.
£Sg&££jS31 C). Port Townjend. ?»att'.».
Ill Tacoma. Everett. .Anrrrfs
and New 'WTiateorn CWasJi.V—
11 a. m.. March 7. 12. 17. 22. T!.
April 1. and erery flfth day thereafter. Chant*
at Seattle for this company's steamers fnr
Alaoka and G. M. Ry. : at Seattle or Tacoma to
N. P. Ry.: at Vancouver to C. P. Ry,
For Eureka. Humbnldt Eay— 2 p. m., Afare!»
9. 14.»19. 24, !9. April S, and every flfth day
thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Santa Bar-
bara. Port Lob Angeles and Redondo (Los An-
geles)— Steamer Queen.. Wednesdays. 9 a. m. :
steamer Santa Rosa. Sundays. 9 a. m.
For Fanta Crux. Monterey. San Simeon. Cay-
ncas. Port Harford <San Luis Obt.«po>, Gaviota,
Fants. Barbara. Ventura. Hueneme. San Pedro,
Kast San Pedro «Los Anseles) and Newrwrt—
Steamer Corona. Fridays. 9 a. m. ; steamer Bo-
nlta. Tuesdays. 9 a. m.
For Knsenada. Masdalena Bay, San Jns» fl»I
Caho. Mazatlan. Aitata. La Paz. Santa Rosalia
and Quayman (Mex.) — 10 a. m.. 7th earh month.
For further Information obtain company's
folders.
The company reserves the right to chang*
*t»amers. sailing dates and hours of salltaff
wlthont r>rrr!ou« notice.
TICKKT OFFICE- « New Montgomery
8 tr*»t /Palace IIf>t»l>.
GOODALL. PFRKINS & CO.. Gen. Acts..
10 Market St.. San Franclscn.
THE 0. R. & H. GO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORT'L.AND
From Spear-street Wharf at 11 a. m.
Zh DC $'2 First Clas» including Sarth
I rill L. S3 Second Clas« and Megls.
COLUMBIA Mils Mar. 14. 24. Apr. 1
GEO. W. ELDER sails Mar. 9. 13. 70, Apr. »
Short Line to Walla Walla, Spokane. Butte.
Helena and all points in the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East.
E. C. WARD. General Agent. .
1 Montgomery st.
AMERICAN LINE.
VS* T0KK. 60UTHAJ£?TC5. L0SD9*. PAS1\
Stopnin* at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New Tork Every Wednesday at 10 a. m.
New Tork Mar. ?n]New Tork April W
Vaderland Mar. 27 Vaderland April 17
St. Louis April 3ISt. Louis April 2*
RED STAR LINKi
New York and Antwarn.
Frcin New Tork Evenr Wednesday. 13 noon.
Kensington Mar. 2f|Southwark April 1H
Noordland Mar. 27 Westernland ...April IT
Frie«land April 3lKens'.ngton April 24
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO..
CHAS. D. TATLOR. General Agent.
Pacific Coa«t. SO Montgomery it.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS WTLL LEAVE THURT. COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, at 1 p. m..
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hlogo), Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for
India, etc. No cargo received on board on day
of sailing.
SS. AMERICA MARtT Friday, March 15, 190t
SS. HONGKONG MARU.. Tuesday. April 9. 1901
S3. NIPPON MARU Friday. May 8. 1901
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's offlce,
421 Market street, corner First.
W. n. AVERT. General Agent.
SS. AUSTRALIA, for Tahiti
Wednesday. March 13, tp. n,
SS. MARIPOSA (Honolulu only)
Saturday. March 16. 2 r ra.
SS. SONOMA, for Honolulu. Samoa. New
Zealand and Australia
Wednesday, March 17. 9 p. ra.
J. 0. SPRECXELS & B30S. CO., General Agents. 327 Hjrtat St
Sen'l Paasngar C»im, 643 JUrtst St.. Piar la. 7 ? PzcSsSt
PANAMA R, R. SSS
To NEW YORK via PANAMA Direct
Cabin. 9105: Steerajre. $40.
S. S. Argyll sails Saturday, Mar. 23.
S. S. Boanoke sails Tuesday, April 2.
S. S. sails Tuesday, April 1G.
From wharf, foot of Lombard at., at 2 p. ra.
Freight and passenger offlce. 330 Market st.
F. F. CONNOR. Pacific Coast Agent.
HAMBURG-AMERICAN LINE.
Twin-Screw Express Service.
PLYMOUTH-CHER BOURG-HAMBURO.
A. Victoria April lljColumbJa May J
Deutschlainl ...April IS IF. Bismarck May •
Twin-Screw Passenger Service.
PLTMOUTH— CHERBOURG— HAMBURG ,
Pennsylvania. March T0[ Pretoria April U '
•Bulgaria April «i*Phoenlcla April 20
•Sails to Hamburg direct.
' Harnburg-Amaricao Line, 37 B'way. N. Y.
i HERZOO & CO.. General Agents^ for Paclflo
Coast, 401 California street.
PACUIC STEAM NAVIOATI0N CO. A53
C0X7A3IA SCO AXERICAIU DS VAP0S73
To Valparaiso, stepping at Mexican, Central
and Scuth American ports. Sallins:
SS. TUCAPKL. ....» March », Wl
KS. AREQUIPA Aprfl 4. 1301
SS. LJM,\U1 April 17. 1301
SS. PERU April — . 13UX
At 12 m. from Section 2. Seawall.
These steamers are built expressly for Cen-
tral and South American passenger nervlc#.
(No change at Acapuleo or Panama). Freight
and passenger offlce. 21S California street.
EALFOUR. OUTHRIE A CO.. Ager.tm.
tOMPAQNIS GENEBALZ TRAUSATLASTlQCi:.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. - A!W
SalllnB every Thursday. Instead of <J5fW»
Saturday, at 10 a. ro.. from Pier 4i
North River, foot of. Morton street. Flrst-claa»
to Havre. JJJ and upward. Second class to
Havre, 143 and upward. GENERAL. AGENCY
FOR UNITED STATES and CANADA. 33
Broadway (Hudson buiMInc). New York. J.
V. FUGAZI & CO.. I'acinc Coast Agrents. 5
Montgomery avenue. San Francisco. Tickets
•old by all Railroad Ticket Agents.
BAY A3TD RIVER STEAMERS.
m U. S. HAVY YARD AND YALLEJO.
Stea«— »r "^ontieel^o. ""
( MOX.. Tues.. TTed.. Thurx. and Sat. at »-43
a. m.. J:15. S:30 p. m. («. Thursday ntghtj- Fri-
days, 1 p. m. and 8:3i); Sundays. 10:30 a, ra |V^
p. m. Landing and offlce. Mission-street Dock W
Pier No. 1 Telephone Main 1503. ' \
OCEAN TUAVEL.
WgbKIy Gall $1, 00 uer YearSCHOOXER REL1ANCK LIBELED.— A. W.
Beadle filed a libel in tbe TL'nlted States Dis
trict Court yesterday against tbe schooner Re
liance to recover |Ul it for labor and material
famished.
NILES. Mich.. March IX— The directors
of the First National Bank (suspended)
to-day filed a declaration against Charles
A. Johnson, the missing cashier of the
bank, alleging that forgeries amounting
to $100,000 against leading citizens of this
conSraunit7 have been committed by him.
It was reported to-day that there' was
a large quantity of forged paper held by
tbe Institution. Bank Examiner Seidon
filed papers with the County Ckrk at SL
Joseph attaching ali cf Johnson's prop
erty, but It will not cover the shortage
by a large amount. No trace of Johnson
was discovered to-day. _
Of the fotged paper found $20,000- was
against T. L». Wilkinson of St. Joseph, a
member of. the abstract tan of Dix &
Wilkinson, which did a large business
with the bank. A petition will be sent to
the ; Comptroller of the Treasury asking
him to appoint some business man re
ceiver of the bank. So many local manu
facturers and business flrras are embar
rassed by the suspension that it is vital
to the town that -the bank's affairs be
settled with the utmost speed. The re
port of the Bank- Examiner is being
anxiously watched by the depositors.
Michigan Bank Dinctors
Are Out One Hundred
Thousand Dollars.
CASHIER LEAVES
MANY FORGERIES
Albert Tanzer*s Body Interred.
FAXT A ROSA. Maxch 13. — The body of
Albert Tarxer, tl?e aped German, who was
frond dead In a San Frandeco lodging
house last July with C5.W0 on his person.
•*a.s brought to this city to-day and- given
appropriate burial in Rural Cemetery.
Fcr eight months the casket containing
tbe remains has teen in the receivir.*
vault In San Francisco, wt.ere It was
placed according to the Instructions of
Sirs. Virrir.ia. Hutchins, the putative
<is.-i£-J-.ter s^A claimant of the property of
the dec eased.
LONDON, March 14.— "We understand
that there has been an active interchange
of telegrams between the home Govern
ment and the Cape authorities and Lord
Kitchener," says the Daily Chronicle,
"concerning the negotiations with Gen
eral Botha, and also that immense quan
tities of foodstuffs are reaching Pretoria
by -way of Delagoa Bay on which to feed
the Boers when the final surrender Is
made."
The Daily News says: "In addition to
the modifications announced by the Dallv
Xews yesterday in the 'unconditional sur
render' policy, we understand the Govern
ment has authorized Lord Kitchener to
j?lve a distinct promise that the govern
ment of the new colonies shall culminate
in a complete grant of free Institutions."
Dr. Leyd? arrived at Utrecht yesterday
and had a long conference with Mr. Kru
pr. A dispatch to the Daily Mall s from
Ltrecht corroborates the statement made
by the Daily Mail yesterday regarding
the concessions offered to the Boers ' It
Is generally expected, as a result of yes
terday's Cabinet council, that the Gov
ernment will make some announcement
to-day as to the result of the negotia
tions at Pretoria. .
It is understood that the British Cabi
net Its meeting yesterday considered
among other tblftjrs the negotiations pro
ceeding between Generals Kitchener and
Botha and formulated Instructions for
General Kitchener, which defined on
broad lines the terms on which a peace
settlement might be effected.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CALL BITREAXT. 14^6 O STREET, X.
W.*, WASHINGTON, March 13.— Naval as
well as diplomatic pressure will again be
applied to Morocco and Turkey to secure
the payment of American claims. Rear
Admiral Frederick Roger?, flying his flag:
from the cruiser New York, has been in
structed by Secretary Longto proceed to
Tangier, where he will receive as a pas
senger Consul General Gummere. Tho
vessel "will then steam to Rahat or Salte
and Gumrocre will go on to Fez, where he
will Investigate minor claims by- Ameri
cans against the Moorish Government-
The Ezagul claim was settled a short
time ago soon after the visit of the bat
tleship Kentucky, and it was understood
all other claims would be disposed of with
out delay.
Turkey has not yet paid the missionary
claims which the United States has been
continuously pressing, and her procras
tination may result In a visit from the
Xf-wr York. The call of the Ken
tucky at Smyrna rvulted In the
slpnlnir of a contract between the
Cramps and the Turkish Govern
ment, under cover of which it was be
lieved the American claims would be paid
The money has not been forthcoming:, "and
the State Department win instruct. If It
has not already done so, Mr. Lelshman.
the new American Minister at Constr.nl
nople, to a train bring- the matter to ' the
attention of the Porte.
If the Cramps have received money on
account of the cruiser they are bulfdlntr
for the Sjubllme Porte, they have not
transmitted any portion of It to Washing
ton for disbursement-
BRITISH SEND
FOOD FOR BOERS
United States to Makt N«w
Naval Display Against
Moor and Turk.
PRESSURE UPON
DERELICT SULTANS
Cleveland, and am taking a trip for my
health. My diocese Is very cosmopolitan.
There are thirty-eight parishes In Cleve
land under Tny charge, and every church
is a handsome one. We only build fine
and commodious churches In Cleveland,
and they are built by the quarters and
half dollars that are put in the plate. We
"have no rich Catholics In our part of the
country. -like you have in San Francisco.
"In my diocese eleven different lan
guages are spoken and consequently we
have English. German. Bohemian. Polish,
Italian. Slavonian. French, Greek, Rou
manian. Corinthian and Hungarian
churches. There are ?6S .priests under my
charge and U) parochial schools, in which
32.000 jchildren are educated, and we pay
all the teachers ourselves."
Bishop Hcrstmann is accompanied on
his trip by Right Rev. Mgr. T. Thorpe of
the Church of the Immaculate Concep
tion of Cleveland and James McHenry. a
prominent business man of that city.
QfEENSTOWX, March 13.— Captain
Cortglese of the Dutih steamship La
Flandre, from Antwerp for Philadelphia.
which was towed into Queenstown on
Monday by the British steamship West
Point, which picked her up while on her
way from London to Philadelphia w'th
her rudder ar.d stern p^st carried away
ar.d with three of her propeller blades
iron*, the vessel also being leaky ar.d un
manageable, has made a statement relat
ing his experiences.
The La Flandre became unmanageable
on March 9 and her commander bitterly
commpnu on the callousness of the cap
tain of h. lar-re French steamship which
passed the disabled v-^t-s-el arid the fail
ure of others to assist the La Flandre.
The first ship sighted was the French
vessel referred to, which failed to re
spond In any .way to the La Flandre's
urgent signals- of distrexs.
On the following day the Red Et3r lire
steamship Friesland, Captain Nickeia.
whJch arrived at Antwerp on March 10
from New York, offered to take off the
crew of La "Flandre If they were prepared
to abandon their ship, i*ut when th!s was
declined the Friesland proceeded. Then
a Wilson line* steamsh'n bound for Hull
passed La Klajidre. and the latter, tho
captain says, refused tc lay by and await
better weather.
The next steanirhir> communicated with
was the Norwegian steams*iii> Uv. Cap
tain Itasroussen. from Barry. March 2,
for Hampton Roads. She • attached . a
hawser to La Flandre and began to taw
her in the direction ot St. Michaels.
'Azores, but the hawser immediatelv part
ed and the Liv proceeded on her voj-ag'j.
The worn-out crew of La Flandre were
almost in de«pai r when tho West Point
was sighted and • towed the d'sabled
steamship to Cueenstown.
Ominous Friction Betwean
British and Russians at
Tientsin.
LONDON*. March 13.— The. afternoon
papers express some alarm over the fiic
¦tl.n -which has arisen at Tientsin betwee-i
the British and the Russians over a piece
of land alleged to have belonged to thi
railroad company for some years, which
they consider may possibly lead to un
pleasant complica.tlons. While approving
tne action of General Barrow, the British
chief of staff In Peking. In ordering work
on. the Fiding in the disputed .ground to
*>? continued, they think the incident
proves that the harmony of the nations is
liable at any moment to lx» disturbed.
VICTORIA. March U-Captain Suther
land of the bark Ser.atori which arrived
from Weihaiwei this morning after a vo/
atre of thlrty-thr*^ days, says that b:?
tween that port, Shanjrhai and Hongkong.
Great Britain will have placed on th»
Asiatic coast J.QQO.CjOO tons of coal. Naval
rupplles. including sruns. ammunition, etf.,
are continually being landed., and al
though there -were no immediate prospects,
of war, preparations are tminous. Cap
tain Sutherland" says that there is now &.
force of 3000 men at Welhalwd. but th!*
r.umbfr. now that the Pckln*r troubles are
about over, -will b*» rodured to 500 men.
PEKING. March IX— Tt«» foreign Min
isters to-day sent to the Chinese plenipo
tentiaries a list of the towns a id cities in
China where the examinations for the
civil service would not h* permitted for a
period of seven years. They aJso request
ed the Chinese authorities to appoint a
commission to act with a man appointed
by the Minister?, to assess the value of
the private property taken for legation
purposes.
REFUSE TO AID
HELPLESS SHIP
RIGHT REV. IGNATIUS HORST
MANN, Bishcp of Cleveland, ar
rived in San Francisco yesterday
end is a 3ue«t of Archbishop
Riordan at his residence. 1122
E-idy street,. Bishop Horstmann is trav
eling for his health ar.d has been sojourn
ing in the southern part of the State for
several -weeks. He taid yesterday that
owing to his need of rest he would not
prea:h or appear publicly during his brief
stay in this city. Tbe noted ecclesiastic
spent a very busy day yesterday. In the
mom!ng he held "a long consultation with
Archbishop Riordan. and In the afternoon
he paid a rtsit to the Jesuit Fathers at
St. Ignatius Church, also calling on the
Kranciscan Fathers on Golden Gate ave
cue.
'This Is my first visit to California."
fald Bishop Horstmann yesterday. "I
have lets of work when I am home in
POWERS EDGING
ON A QUARREL
Officer Tayler of the Chinatown squad
had a lively experience with a highbinder
in a lodging-house at the corner of Wash
ington street and Waverley place last
night. After a long chase the policeman
had cornered the bloodthirsty Mongolian
when the latter drew a huse. revolver
and placing it against his captor's breast
tried to pull the trigger. He was dis
armed after a desperate struggle and
brought to the City Prison.
For the past few days the Impending
war between the Suey Dins and the Hop
Sings has caused the highbinder situation
In Chinatown to a?<*t*me a serious aspect.
The members of Lieutenant Price's squad
have all been Instiucted to search sus- #
plclous characters for weapons and last
night Officer Taylor discovered a revolver
concealed under th-» blouse of Ah Bun,
who was out evidently looking fora vic
tim on Dupont street- As Taylor was
about to seize Bun the latter started in
run and entered the building where the
struggle took place. Taylor was close be
.-hlnd and succeeded in stopping him In
one of the corridors. •
When the Mongollac found himself cor
nered he drew the revolver and pointing
it at the officer raided the "hammer, but
before it could descend on the- cartridge
Taylor slipped "his hand over it and the
fight for possession oJ the weapon began.
It took Taylor some time to disarm the
heathen and after he did no he took him
to jail. /
Polictman Taylor Has a
Despsrate Battle in
Chinatown. .
AT the Tivcll on Monday evening
nest a new conductor will occupy
the chair In the person of Paul
Stelndorff. who was here last as
the musical director of the Alice
Nielsen Opera Company, and who won
many admirer in this city by his mas
terly work in directing the operas pre
sented by that organization. Born in
Dessau, Germany, thirty-six vear3 ago,
Mr. Stelndorff has risen to the top rank
In his chosen profession through the pos
session of great talent, coupled with as
siduous application. When quite young
he was taken In charge by Herr Tetz'.aff.
one of the singers in the ducal opera
house at Dessau, and shortly after ap
peared in concert. Later on he studied
with Xavier Scharwenka. so well known
In this country as a solo pianist. He con
certlzed for a time on the Continent and
played before several crowned heads, the
Kings of Greece. Denmark. Saxony, and
any number of grand dukes and princes.
Mr. Stelndorff made his debut as an
orchestra leader at Koenig?burg when but
20 years of age, . the opera being "The
Daughter of the Regiment." Fifteen
years ago he came to this country at the
solicitation of Amberg. who at that time
controlled the destinies of the Thalia
Theater in New York, and remained there
three years. He led grand opera in New
York for Manager Morrtssey, and directed
the first presentation of "Cavalleria Rus
tlcana" hi English in the United States.
For four seasons. Including a London sea
son, he was the director of Lillian Rus
sell's company.
His crowning work was his season spent
a3 conductor In New York for the Society
of Musical Art at the Waldorf-Astoria,
an honor for which there was great com
petition among the musicians of the
metropolis. Last year Mr. Stelndorff was
the director of the Alice Nielsen company.
"The Wizard of the Nile" 13 In the
fourth week of a successful run at the
Tlvoli Opera-house. An elaborate produc
tion of Stance and Kdward's "The Wed
ding Day" will be put on next week.
. • • •
This Is an off week at the theaters, one
of the very few poor -weeks of the season.
"The Highwayman," at the Columbia, is
going somewhat better than on the first
night of its appearance here, but. It Is a
pretty woe-besone performance.- badly
dressed. badly mounted, and only fairly
sung. La Lole Fuiler. w^o Is the better
h8lf of the attraction. i3 at her be3t. how
ever, and her four dances are well worth
the price of admission.
. • • •
"The Telephone Girl" is" doing excellent
business at the California Theater. It Is
a bright, up-to-date show, of the slimmest
of plotleta. but with some catchy songs,
good dances, pretty girls galore, and a
comedian who is absolutely funny. Harry
Hermoen, as Hans Nix, Is a Joy forever.
"The Telephone Girl" is good for another
week.
• • • .
"Captain Impudence" Is the Central
Theater's programme of the week, and_ the
old Mexican war romance Is playing to
good houses. "The Colleen Bawn." *wlth
James M. Ward as Miles Na Coppaleen,
will be put on next week.
On Thursday evening. March 21. a. ben
efit will be given at this theater for the
dependent mothers, widows, and orphans
of the engineers who lost their lives in
HIGHBINDER TRIES
TO KILL OFFICER
the wreck of the Rio Janeiro, under the
auspices of the Marine Engineers' Associ
ation. No. 23. The twenty-six boxes have
been purchased at large figures by the of
ficials of the various steamship com
panies', and the theater will be handsome
ly decorated with hundreds of flags se
cured from the various vessels. Tickets
are being sold at all the newspaper of
fices, the banks and the leading hotels.
"The Last .Word" !s the current play at
the Alcaiar Theater. "The Proper Caper,"
a broad farce, and one of the Madison
Square 1 heater successes, ¦will be the bUl
for the coming week.
"Under Sealed Orders." a romantic
comedy, is the bill at the Alhambra. and
one of the poorest that the popular the
ater has had for many month?. "The An
gel of the Alley 1 ' is the piquant label of
next week's attraction.
"Around the World in Eighty Days**
will continue to occupy the Grand Opera
house stage until Sunday evening next,
and will then gtTe place to the Se'mbrich
Opera Company in "The Barber of Se
ville" on Monday evening next. Six per
formances in all are to be given by the
company, extending over a period of two
weeks, and Mme. Sembrich will appear at
every performance. The first week's re
pertoire will be: Monday evening, "The
Barber of Seville"; Wednesday evening,
"La Travlata." and Saturday matinee.
"Don Pasqua-te." The sale of single seats
is now open.
Paplnta. the Fuller r-r-rival and sln
cerest" flatterer. Is the starriest of star at
tractions af the Orpheum this week.
Katherine Bloodgood is in her successful
third week at ihe home of vaudeville, and
Bunth and Rudd. Mr. and Mrs. Mark
Murphy. Beatrice Moreland and her com
pany are others in an extremely good bill.
Fiechti's Tyrolean Troupe is still the
top-notcher at Fischer's, and Egry, Irene
Kober. George sisters.." Trixeda. the Le
ons, Chester and Matt Keepe are other
good entertalners.-
The Chutes and Zoo announce for this
evening's special attraction a "ladles' bat
tle royal." The usual* amusing amateur
proerarnme will b« given along with the
good vaudeville bill.
The Hawaiian Quartet, Carroll, Querita
Vincent. Mabel Hudson and Birdie Bright
onlng are at the Olympla this week.
Xoriis & Rowe's trained animal show,
at Mechanics' ' Pavilion, Is delighting
crowds of children dally, and will give its
last performance on Sunday next. Mr.
Winston's educated seals. Herr Settler'*
clown elephant, and the various monkey
tricks are receiving special attention. -
Carreno's second piano recital will -be
given this evening at Sherman-Clay HalL
"The programme that the great pianist will
play will Include the "Etudes Sympho
nlques" of Schumann In their entirety:
the B minor sonata of Chopin; the Schu
bert-Tauslg "Marche Mllltalre": Schu
bert's "Impromptu" (op. 9), Xo. 2): Schu
bert-Llsifs "Hark. Hark the Lark." "Dn
Blst die Ruhe" and. "Erlkonlg." and the
Beethoven Rondo (op. 51. No. 2).
EASTERN ECCLESIASTIC WHO HAS CHARGE OF AN IMPORTANT
CATHOLIC DIOCESE WHICH EMBRACES THIRTY-EIGHT PAR
ISHES AND ltt PAROCHIAL SCHOOLS WITH 32,000 PUPILS.
PAUL STEINDORFF. THE NEW CONDUCTOR AT THE TIVOLI OPERA
HOUSE, WHO HAS WON MANY LAURELS BY HIS WORK BOTH IN
THI3 COUNTRY AND EUROPE.
M. A. Barlow and VT. Guerin. two well
dressed young men who recently arrived
from the East, cleverly fooled two bunko
men yesterday^ After having the table*
turned on th#m and losing their money,
amounting to X1Z0. the bunko men became
belligerent and attempted to "mix it"*
with their Intended victims, with the re
sult that Barlow and Guerin were ar
rested and charged with, grand larceny.
According- to the story of Guerin. he was
approached la the 'court of the Palacs
Hotel yesterday morning by . a weli
dressed young man. who after Introduc
ing himself as the son of a wealthy cattle
dealer of Montana asked him if he wanted
to make some "easy" raoriey. Gueria re
plied in the atSrmative. and at the invita
tion of the stranger* he walked outside.
where they were joined by another man.
who wa3 introduced by the bunko man
as the owner of a large racing stable.
The swindlers then unfolded a achesio
whereby Guciin could make a fortune by
taking their tips oa the races. At their
invitation he accompanied them to a room
on Kills street, where Guerln was Intro
duced to aootner man, who represented!
that he was a bookmaker. Suspecting
that he was In the bands of bunko men.
Guerin left the place on the pretense tha;
he had an engagement with a. friend who
had ••money to burn" and promised to re
turn with him in a short time.
Meeting Barlow he confuted his sus
picions to him and together they resolved
to "beat" the men at their own game.
Upon the return of the Eastern men to
the alleged poolrooa:. one of the bunEo
men, who proved to be "Kid" Blakeley.
a well-known confidence operator, impor
tuned Guertn to bet on a horse, which ha
claimed could not lose.
"It is a oinch," assuring!}* remarked
Blakeiey. "He'll win i:. a walk unless ho
drops dead." • -
As both the Intended victims claimed to
be "broke," Blakeley offered to advanc4
Querin some money on his diamond rla£
to bet on the horse. Guerln refused to
part with his ring, but turning to Barlow
ne asked him. if. he could not borrow sonvj
money from the proprietor of tho hotel
in which h© was stopping so that they
could play the hgrse. Barlow, who wu
determined to "skin" the bunko men. im
mediately left the place, after sayins that
he was going to th& hotel to get soc»<»
money.
After waiting a short time the bunk.-*
men. at Gu«>rin's Invitation, walked to
Powell and Market street?, where Barlow
met the*. Exhibiting a check for J150 b»
claimed that the money which he expect
ed to receive from his father had not ar
rived, and asked them to cash It.
Thinking that the check was genuine.
one of tbe bunko men, after having Guer
in and Barlow Indorse It. handed him th»
amount called for. After receiving tfca
money Barlow grabbed the check and tore
it in pieces.
Angered at Barlow's action the bur.»e
men started to make him a subject tor
the Coroner, when Guerin. who was stand
ing Idly by. took a hand in tne fight, ami
soon placed the schemers hors-de-cornba?.
Just then two policemen appeared and at
Blakeley's request they placed Barlov
and Guerln under arrest for grand lar
ceny. It Is more than likely that their
cases Trill b« dismissed to-day.
After Losing Their Money They
Cause the Arrest of thr
Strangers for Grand
Larceny.
Pair of Smart Bunko Men
Fooled by Two Eastern
Visitors.
FALL VICTIMS TO
THEIR OWN GAME
Ownership of Railroad Bonds of. the
Par Value of $304,000 the
Subject of Contro
versy.
Special Dispatch to The CalL
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO. March 13.— Two pitched battles
were fought in the Assembly to-day over
the franchise assessment bill, for which
the railroad forces are making such stren
uous efforts. The opposition gained some
temporary advantages, but In the end the
corporation men were . triumphant, and
there Is scarcely a doubt that the bill will
be passed to-morrow. -
Fish's motion to reconsider prevailed at j
the morning session. He at once offered f
two amendments, one striking out the j
following words In the first section: "The
franchises of rl! other quasi-public cor
porations shall be assessed In the county
in which such corporations owning or
holding them have their principal place of
business." This was a concession aimed
to win the votes of enough country mem
bers to carry the bill, and apparently
they have risen to the bait.
The bill was allowed to go over tempo
rarily en request of Dunlap, and at the
evening session he offered an amendment
striking out the provision, which, as the
railroad partisans admit, is the milk in
the cocoanut, as follows: "In. the assess
ment of franchises of a corporation the
assessable value thereof shall be ascer
tained by taking from the. full cash value
of its entire issued capital stock the full
cash valu^ of all other property assessed
to it."
The motion by Dunlap to appoint a select
committee of one to amend prevailed by a
vote of 32 to 30, but the report of the se
lect committee of one. amending the bill,
was rejected by a vote of 31 ayes to 26
noes.
The amendment wa« thus killed and the
bill will appear on final 'passage to-morrow
with the- clause Just referred to contain
ing the -following, added by amendment,
offered by Fisk: "And also the full cash
value of property owned by it."
MRS. PHEBE HEARST THANKED.
Assembly Acknowledges Gifts to the.
State University.
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO, March 13.— Anderson of Solano
this morr.ing presented the following con
current resolution, which was adopted by
the Assembly by a unanimous vote:
Whereas. By the recent conveyance to the
University of California of a girls' gymnasium,
fully equipped, together with the land belong--
Ihir thereto. Mrs. Phebe A. Hearst has again
Riven public evidence of her devotion to the
interests of our State University; and
Whereas. The people of the State of Califor
nia ar? under Breat and many obligations f>
the above named donor for former expenditures
of money for the permanent beneflt of that in
stiutlon. the good of Its students and the cause
of. education in seneral: and
Whereas. All loyal, progressive citizen; of the
State feel under special indebtedness to her for
the procurement of the splendid architectural
plar.y. under which all permanent Improve
ments at Berkeley will be carried on in the
future, and which when completed will redound
to the lasting glory of our State; therefore,
b* it
Resolved. By the Assembly, the Senate con
curring, that the thanks of the p*op4e of the
Slate of California arc hereby extended to Mrs.
Ph»be A. Hearst for her philanthropy to deserv
ing? students, her unostentatious R^neroslty and
her lovlns loyalty to our Htate in thus aiding
one of its greatest institutions, and with the
thanks give an assurance that her beneficence
and public-splrltedness are hlyhly and sincerely
appreciated; be ft furtVer
Resolved. That the Se^ret»ry of State Is here
by directed "to nave prepared and forwarded to
her aa engrossed copy of these resolutions.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC'S VICTORY.
Senate Passts a Bill Nullifying Suits
Against the Company.
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA-
MENTO. March 13.— Savage's bill to limit
the liability of a railroad company, upon
violation of the terms of a contract based
upon the possession of a ticket, to the
actual damage sustained by reason of
such violation, ¦was passed by the- Senate I
to-day.- There had been a hard fight
against the bill, but there was 'a line-up 1
and It went through after much dredging
of votes on the part of some of the more
weak-kneed. There -was no discussion on
the bill, even when A?he arose and asked
its meaning. No one answered, for it was
evident a discussion was not desired, and
the bill went through by the following
rollcall :
Ayes— Bettman. Byrnes, Caldwelt, Corlett.
Cutter. Devlin. Leavitt. Massard. Nelson.
Nutt. Oneal. Plunkett. Selvage. Shortridge.
Simpson, Smith of Lo* Angele*. Tyrrell cf
Nevada. Tyrrell of San Francisco, Wolfe,
Greenwell. Hoey and Laird — 32.
Noes— Ashe, Belshaw. Curtln, Davts, Goad,
Lcrdner. Muenter. Taylor, Luchsinger, Lukens
and Rowell— 11.
Absent— Burnett. Currier. Flint, race. Sims,
Smith of Kern and Welcli — 7.
The effect of the bUl will be to nullify
the suits- now beln,e prosecuted by Dr.
Robinson of Alamtaa and a number of
others who fought for certain stop-over
privileges on first-class tickets. The
amounts sued for aggregate more than
51,000,000..
CLASH OF THE TWO HOUSES.
Assembly Sefuses to Recede From
Certain Amendments.
CALL, HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO. March 13.— The Assembly this
moraine, upon recommendation ,of the
Committee oil Ways and Means, voted to
concur In the Senate amendments to the
general appropriation bill.
By a vote of 54 to 7 the Assembly re
fused to recede from its amendments to
the reapportlonment measure, Senate bi'l
441. .Johnson, Duryea and Rutherford
were appointed as a conference commit
tee to meet a like committee from the
Senate. .
The same action wa3 taken In regard to
the Assembly ' amendments to the Senate
bill by Taylor for the nrotectlon of the
meadow lark. Anderson of Solano. Sutro
and Stewart of San IMc-go were named as
the conference committee.
FRANEXIirS' PECULIAR ACTION.
Kills a Slot-Machine Bill of Which
He Was the Author.
CAL.L, HEADQUARTERS. SACHA-
MENTO, March 13.— Another nlckel-ln
the-slot machine bill met an untimely end
to-nlRht in the Assembly. This time it was
Franklin's Assembly bill 569. The author
himself, the reformer from Martin Kelly's
district, offered an amendment, striking
out the word3 "slot machine." and the
amendment was adopted. In Its present
form the bill adds nothlnjr to the present
statutes, and it will be allowed to die on
the files. It was regarded as a cinch
measure from the beginning and the
members are now asking why the author
killed the only new, feature In the bill,
which he fathered.
Bills That Have Become Laws.
SACRAMENTO. March 11— Governor
Gage has signed the following bills: .*
By Ralston— Continuing for two years th»
efflec of Debris Commissioner.
Br/ Johnson— Continuing ¦ for two years the
Supreme Court Commission. • .
By Corlett— Increasing the allowance for the
support of the Veterans' Home at " Totmivitle
from J45.CCO to SS3.P0O.
By Oneal— Empowering the Governor to make
certain appointments without confirmation by
tfce Senate.
By Etavis — Relating: to the Incorporation of
Downievllle, Los Angeles County.
Kahn Addresse.s the Senate.
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA-
MENTO, March 13.— Julius Kahn.-Con
gressman from .the Fourth District, came
Into the Senate lobby this afternoon and
was at once spied by Ashe, his campaign
opponent, who ' moved that ' he be given
the privilege or the floor. He was escorted
to a seat beside lieutenant Governor Neff,
who was presiding," and on. Ned's invita
tion ht addressed the. Senate briefly, say
ing how glad. he was" to be home again.. .
Franchise Assessment Bill
Is Likily to Pass on
Reconsideration.
RAILWAY FORCES
ARE TRIUMPHANT
BISHOP OF CLEVELAND
HERE FOR HIS HEALTH
Right Rev. Ignatius Horstmarin Tells of the
Work. Being Done in His Diocese.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SEATTLE. "Search 13.— Nome papers
published as late as December 5 reached
•eattle to-day. A number of adventurous
N'cr.e miners, early in December, risked
:heir I!ves to stake claims out on Bering
Sea. They went out on the ice and drove
stakes, by which they intend to hold the
placer ground during jhe ccminsr summer.
The ground in Question is car the mouth
"f Snake river, where the sandspit is sup
posed to be rich. The men who did the
fcta^tirg have ;n places cut through the
ice and got prospects from the bottom.
They intend to work the land with dredg
ers. William Armstrong. G. "W*. S'.atter
and William Sutton are the holders' of
these unique claims.
Much winter vrork is being done on some
cf the creeks near Xcme. according to
the Gc'.d Digger. Upon the benches of
Grass Gulch and Newton Gulch there are
rr.anv cabins and there is much thawir.g
and cinkln^ golns on. On- Nickela Gulch
trcrk was beine done during the early
part cf December. Messrs. James and
Benbrcke, owners of the Daisy claims.
have fhrc men at work. They drifted into
•he pay etreak about fifty feet. The dirt
showed pans cf from J2 to $23. Drifting
wes done en the Mattie claim on the
same tr-lch. owned by C. D. Lane.
Gold on Alder Gulch.
A big bench c'a!m Ftrike xras madt In
the early part of December on Alder
Gulch, near Tc-iier City. The g-old runs as
h!eh ts J1S. according- to the reports.
The headwaters cf Quartz Creek was
the seen" cf a 1-te strike reported at Tell
er City. A party oJ Laplanders made the
£rd. As soon as the news reached Teller
City several reindeer teams left for the
epot.
The richest strike cf the winter at N'cme
w»s tr.ade by a prospector named O'Reilly.
He discovered and staked a coal mine.
The strike was made on what has since
betn christened Skockura Ear. This bar
was formed by the wreck of the barge
Skcokutn. Out of the f.rst shift fifteen
5acks cf coal— and already sacked at that
— were tak«?n. A rush was made to' the re
corder's office, but at last accounts the
discoverer was holding: his rights with a
Fhotrur. in preference to taking the law's
rrotecticn. The total takeout of the
Skockum is reckoned at 13) tons. O'Mai
ley ar.d O'Brien staked below O'Reilly
and made several rich clean-ups, faking
cut sixteen sacks in two hours.
Dcgr stealing F«ezns to be the worst of
frr.se !r. Nome thi* winter. Frequently, in
nif of a ftar.pede. huskies are taken and
each ru«h to new di^rsringrs sees several of
these animal? missing-.
The schooner Lady George was wrecked
'.n Norton Sound during the £rst week in
December.
Captain Banks Arrested.
Captain Ear.ki- cf Ncnie was arrested
ear!v in I>ec<?mbcr on complaint cf his
•wife, oa a charge of assault with a dan
jrerous weapon. The captain threatened
his irife with a pistol, according to her
Eton*. Ke was placed under I10O3 bonds
pending trial.
A bold atterrrt at a hold-up by two men
In Xorae wss fci:ed by the bravery of
their intended victim. Pat>cocks restau
rant trap the scene. The cook was in
- barn of the rlare. the proprietor being'
ssleep. The robbers, ¦wearing black masks,
••ntered and ocdered the cook to hold up
his tP.TitSs. Hi enlied for help a"*-d Bab
r".rk rnri in. In the fijrbt which ensued a
¦Inzer, shots •»*•; exchanged. The rob-
V#r» escaped, r-jt or.e of them was badly
we-unc-d and left & trail of blood Jor a
lcr.-r <i:Etar.ee.
Indcy Miner Waxes Opulent Through.
Finding the Cargo of the
"Wrecked Coal Barge
SkoolmmJ
Nome Prospectors Will Work
Beach Sands With
Dredgers.
STAKING CLAIMS
IN BERING SEA
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, MARCH 14, 1901.
TIVOLI TO HAVE NEW
MUSICAL DIRECTOR
Paui Steindorff, Late of the Nielsen Company,
the Man—Attractions at the Theaters.
• - •
c
9
ADVERTISEMENTS.
GB.APE-NTTS.
Dr. Lyon's
PERFECT
Tooth Powder
Used by people of refinement
for over a quarter of a century.
World Famous Marian! Tonic
All who have tested Vin Marian:
agree as to its great superiority — thij
can be readily verified by a personal test
—but guard specially against daneero*x3
substitutes and would-be imitators.
All Dinggists. Refuse Substitutes.
MSJ. A2*7XX~«lIT0~f.
toms. Her experience in treatin-r fe-
male ills is greater than any other
living person. Following is a letter
from a woman who is thankful for
avoiding- a terrible operation.
*• I was suffering' to such an extent
from ovarian trouble, that my physi-
cian thought an operation would \»
necessary.
"Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Com-
pound having been recommended to
me, I decided to try it. After using
several bottles I found that I was
cured. My entire system was toned
up, and I" suffered no more with my
ovaries."— Me*. Atsx AsTOX.Troy.Ma
FOOD AND WISDOM.
Brain Workers I/earn the Secret.
Anbitious stuier-ts who study hard and
try their best to e^ia an education, fre-
C*-ei;t*y glv* Cw~zi under the pressure and
tre *rreE.t2y Clfappotnted when they find
they carpet carry out the cherished desire
ei their life-
*T*hJ» result is nearly always caused by
th"e lack cf the right kind of food to make
cp tho wasto caused by excessive brain
-wcrlc
The average rtafieat does not know how
to select the right kind cf food, but a food
expert has been at wcrk ar.d has produced
a food especially Intended to norarish and
reb?*J".d th« brain and the nerve centers
throughout the body. This food is known
as Grape- Nuts.
A sfuder-.!. Rcsa Scott, cf Eenosa, Mo.,
eaye, "I was very efcbitlous to succeed at
Echocl. end started usder favorable cir-
rumrtancei- with pood health and used
That is renerally rupposed to b« rood,
f utrtar-tial articles cf food, Euch as meat,
v?^tab!es. etc.
"I -jrorked hard and soon beeanie trou-
fc><l -with distress !n tny stomach- I no-
ttcefl a co-ifusicn of thought and Inability
to memorize. I four.d it almost Impossible
to «?--•-- Its the ecndltlon I was In. and re-
eortea to medicine, but that did riot re-
"!eve me cf rr.v s-fferir.jr. ar.d I seemed to
pr<Dw worse. I was in oespalr until i*_e
day a friend, who had pass<»d through a
FiTnllxr rxjw?rlenc*. told rce to step using
rnp^Sr'r.r ari in r>!ace cf ordinary food
•j«* Orar^-Xirts Food. He sa'd It con-
tained certain flcmpr.ts n»c«s«a.ry to re-
build the wcm-c-Jt tiroes of both body
end bra!n. and positively aj-Fured me that
If I would use the food I would pet well
tird b* able to eo crs with ay wcrk.
"It Ffemed too pood to be true, and I
at once b**ran the u«e of Grspe-Nuts Food.
with ar +KZ for breakfast. For the mid-
day rrs*>al I used four heaping tr»aspoonfuls
rr'th *^m«? rr»-am or milk a^.d nothing el*i
Tbea* fnr the evenlns meal I used Grape-
rtots nn.J fruit. Risht frcm the beRinnln-?
rr.y pufTfririKs wr* not so preat. and grad-
uri'fry my -.trcr.jTth returned, and I could
*^e that my. brain was ; regaining Its
former ac*»vity_
•TTsr^" favorable symptoms continued
•jrtil I was entirely relieved from my
trouble, and ra now stronger than I ever
was b^forr. Can study ten or twelve hours
a day with results that I- feel are a credit
to trvself.
"I would like to have FtufifT.ts all over
the iruria lcr.cw of the powerful properties
«-ont*».iT!#»d In Grar>*-Nuts Food as com-
pared w1*J» any. ordinary diet."
Th5» sort cf rxixrience teaches plainly
the fact that there ss everything in the
ejection of food If one desires to work
hard and mak<» a. euctxx* in this world.
There Is probably no food known that is
a* i*?rf«-<:t for the rebuilding of the body
oad brain as Grape-Nuts.
A dull, throbbing pain, accompanied
by a sense of tenderness and heat low
down in the side, frith an occasional
shooting' pain, indicates inflammation.
On examination it Trill be found that
the region of pain shows some sirell-
in?. This is the first stage of oraritis,
inflammation of the ovary. If the roof
of rour house leaks, my sister, you have
it fixed at once ; rrhy sot par the same
respect to your own body ?
You need not, you ought not to let
yourself go, when one ot your own aex
holds out the helping- hand to you, and
will adrise you without money, and
without price. Write to Mrs. Pinkhaxo,
Lynn, Mase., and tell her all your s jx-j*-»-
WHAT IS OVARITIS?THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, MARCH 14, 1901.
10
¦AX FRANCISCO CAM-
nCKECEES OFFICE of Tfce San Francisco
CaM. comer of Market an3 Third rtreets; open
trtil 12 o'clock every night tn the year.
imANCH OFFICES— it' Montgomery street,
cr-rrer Clay: open until 9:"0 p. m.
ZTD Raye* Fti-eot; cpen until 6:S0 p. rn.
<-Z5 KcAJUstcr street; cp?n until 8:30 p. m.
OS LAi!:'.n Mrect; cpen until 3:30 p. n_.
15<1 Mirsicn street; cpen UStU 10 p. l_-
TZC1 Market street, corner Sixteenth; opea
cntll S p. n.
Id Bcvest- ftreet; cr»n until S n. m.
IEK Val-^cia rtrcet; ';pen until 3 p. m.
Northwest corner Tweaty-Eccond and Kcn-
fjeky >tr>:«: open nr.tU 3 p. ra. .
MCCTiam NQTicra^
A~ REcl: I. Alt msr'Ar-.z of Yerba Duen* ,^.
i^tlge o£ i-rrfectior. No. 1. A. an-l A- tT
Scottish lUte of Freer.uiFonry. will n
l^ J^Sr^%HURSD*AV M
rVEVIXG i-reh 14, WM. at S o'clock.
Fifth <i^e. iziisnr m-nxE__e^_
MISSION Cfcpjitrr N«. 7!> - Jh.^.^vt 4,
Facial neetbtt THIS (Till .-RbDA. > A
KVKN1NG. I_3 & clock. Royal Arch )T1?
_e£-ee By orcer of the H. P. '
ceg.ee. N<) 1||aMAXi Secretar:.-.
CALIFORNIA Ltxlpe. No. L F._ and A. ft
M will meet THIS (Tlfl R^UA^ ) _J\-
EVENINO. March 14. at T:? 1 ) O<!ock -7WS
Kir«t <Jesr~. By order of th- Mister. 'V>
™~ FRANKLIN 11. PAV. Secretary.
FIDET.ITT I^odpe No. O9, F. and A. «
M -Special neet-ag THIS <THi:Ri5- J\^
IJAV) EVENING at 7:C0 o'clock.X»
First dpjrrte Ma-ons corilia.'.y invited
By order of the W. M.
FBEDEBICK BARP.T, Secretary.
DORIC Lodjre No. -If, F. and A. M — ft
Special .meet'np THIS <THl"Rt3DAV) _#%_
KVENING at T o'clock Khnrp. Firs! }^J\
d-'grte By order of the Master. / ~r '
J. R. GOLDSMITH. Secretary.
CROCKETT Lodge No. 1H9. F. and A. ••
M.— Special meetlrg FRIDAY. March _*%_
13. at 12:S0 i>. m.» for the purpose oi /t^\ I
ccnductinK the funeral service? cf our ' "
late brother. JOHN COSOROVH. DjT order
of the W. M. II. FORTRIEDE. Sec.
YF.KBA BLENA Indite No. 15. I. <«_*_^_2_
O. O F.— Initiation TKURSDAt #5_a!&
KVENING. Merch 14, 1901. Mem-
bers please attend. ' "''I* 1 '
JOHN A. OHLSON. N. G.
V»'M. P. IIX'MPHREYS. Kec.
ADOU BEN ADHHM I^odpe No.
112, I. O. o. I'.- Initiation THIS
tTHURPDAY) EVENING. All ??fe53?SJF
BBemb^rs reQUe^tcd to be present. *wM«^
Vlsliore welcoroed.
R. F. KINSMAN. N. O.
OCCIDENTAL Lcdlje No. 179. I. r sr>^iC^'
O. O. F., meets in I. O. O. F. ! 5_55_~
build'.r.p. Initiation TO-NIGHT
• THCRSDAY). March 14. 1901. ftSMwTT
Vleltore welcome. I3y
AVM. G. McKIBDEN. N. G.
THE 6. F. Scottish Thistle Club v <->,
meots THIS iTHntSDAYi EVEN- *, Ck 3j
ING. Fraternity Hall. 32 OFarrell "fVTKjf
tireet. at S o'clock. A full attend- **¦_*»
ence Is reQueFtrd.
GEORGE MILLER, Royal Chief.
-GEORGE \V. PATERSON. Rr-corder.
MEMBERS of the Hoisting Enpinwrs Asso- '
elation ere rcquested to attend special meet-
lrc to he luld THURSDAY EVENING,
March 14, at 7 o'clock.
AXM'AL Meetinp — The annual meetinsr cf the
ftnckholdere of the WeEtern Sugar RefinlnK
Company will \>e held at the office of the
company, Z21 Market Ft., San Francisco. Cal.,
rn MONT>AY. the .Dth day cf March, im.
Bt the hour of 12 m.. for the. purpose of
electing: a board of directors to serve for
The ensuing year ami the transaction of
such other business as n-.ay come before the
meetinp. Transfer books will close o_ Fri-
day. March :;. im at 12 m.
TV. IT. HASN'AM. Pe-retary.
AGE.VTS WASTED. j
AGENTS and solicitors wanted to represent s.
weU-fstatllFhed publishing company: male or '
f^niale; w_<roa or commission guaranteed, i
"akland. Aiameda. S. F.. etc. Pox T6S1. Ca.ll.
AGENTS— Do you want somethingr more proflt-
eb'.e and easier to pell than books or insur-
ance? Add. F. PERSON, r. 41*. Parrott bldg.
EXPERIEXCEP Insurance apentn. Ca!l at
r<x>m id. 5?T Market Ft., corner Sixth.
VANTED— Apents ln each city; pood money.
Pacific Coast M. & L. Co.. 4CQ Tth, Oakland.
ATTORXEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty : prl\-ate;
no fee without success; coilectlcns. G. W.
HOWE, otty at law. s:.O Market, cor. 'St'>cktn.
J. If. McKNIGHT. collections: damages; es-
tate*; mining; open even. CP2 Parrott bldg.
FRANK \V. SMITH. minlnR and probate law a
siieeia'ty. Mills big., r. h. 4th fir.; tel. Red "616.
ADVICE free: no charsre unless successful W.
-.V. DAVIDSON. '.T7 Market St.. opp. Mason.
L S. CLAP.K. Emma Spreckels bid*., 927 Mar-
ketrt.; consultation free: no fees la advance.
ASPIIALTtM IIOOFIXG.
J. PELTIER, asphalt roofing, sidewalks re-
rt'.rf-d; postal. . USC Mlysion; tel. Folsom 1607.
BCSI2VESS CIIAXCBS.
A-t30('; CTGAU~stanT;~rtnt JloTdaiiy' receipts
J12: located close to Palace Hotel. Call R. G.
VILKE, 2CU Kearny Et.
A— $12^0: CORNER Grocery and bar on Cali-
fornia et. ; choicest location in this city; gooi
paying place; ciean etock, good fixtures. Call
H. G. WILKE, a\_ Kearny et.
A— t20Q: STATIONERY ttore; 2 li\-ir.g rooms;
rer.t J10; food hUEincss for man and wife.
Call R. G. WILKE. 2€H Keamy st.
A-J1K0; RESTAURANT and chophouse; rent
tCO; place estab. years; daily receipts tJO;
trial clven; a good busineys and best loca-
tion. Call R. G. WILKE. 26VJ Kearny st.
A— J7M); SALOON; clearing $150 per month; rent ¦
$40; established many years; only day busl-
res*; location best in this city. Call R. G.
WILKE. S6U; Kearny tt.
-» — $TiC: CORNER tcracer>" and bar; northern
part of city; death of owner caus« of sale; a
Rood business for man and wife. Call R. G.
WILKE. SC4 Kearny ft. ¦
A— JlCiO; CORNER saloon: location Third anl
Sflssion st*; rent $50. lease; corner can't be
beat; about S1000 etock on hard: owner must
have cperation performed, only cause of eale.
_ H. G. UILKE. 26H Kearny Et.
A— 11130; SALOON close to Montgomery St.;
place established 10 years: clearing at least
"_00 rer month: 3 furnished rooms Included:
rent tC5. Call R. G. WILKE. 2CH Kearny st.
A— %1ZA; CAFE and restaurant: elegantly fitted
up and doing a. rushing business: located
close to l'owell and Market sta. Call R. G.
•UILKE, 26H Krarny ft.
A— $800; CORNER butcher shop in northern
part of city: rent JCO: horse, cart; selling 1
cattle and about 15 sh»ep per week; a ca«h
custom. Call R. G..V.TLKE. 2CV4 Kearny Bt.
jry*— Corner falom: bargain: sickness cause of
_ rale. MCLAUGHLIN & CO.. 777«i Market Et.
1350— PARTNER -.-anted; - Indoor commission
business. MCLAUGHLIN -: CO.. 777H Market.
I<W- CAX.T rtore and factors-; barpaln; |eav-
Inr city ca*.:se of sa'.e. UcLAL'GHUN &
CO.. 777H Market e_ '
A— tTOC; PARTNER -.-anted; l'.ffht business;
•mist be ratisfled with US to 525 a week; no
experience requirert. 25 Geary St.. room 1.
A-S200; PARTNER wanted: lisht business;
must b* *atl£f>d •'••Ith JJ8 to }25 a w«k: no
««_r>erieTice reijuir«"i. 23 Geary rt.. room L
IIOTHL. countr:,-, 40 rormt; rent $75; livery at-
tarhed; ccM t-urlness; price SZ'Jfi; eaBy tencs;
call car:;' fcr tbls barjrain.
G. W. SCIIWEIXHAIID.
Room Z. ?17 Market st.. opp. Mason.
ion CIGAR ft!in«5. .00 eroceries nnd- bars.
IOC casdy ard icecream ttores. GfiO restaurant-.
TOO stores of nil kinds; partners wanted,
r.rtles with flCO cp ran be suited
WALTER ITAYES & CO..-A3S Market St.
J4.v>-T:nPTAURANT; cool '.ocaticn; dally re-
c<ipts t2fr rent f!3 nor month: Rood f.xturen-
2 rp>rns ln rear. Apply LL'NDIN & CO J>06
Mar lift rt.
AA--H00; <JHANI> opiv.ir* unity for laJyor gent '
'.oration perfect: cirars. pericfiicals. notion/
W.ltinc-rffom. _:d ave. station. E. Oakland.
I'KT srood.-' r-HUlir.B, country route, and
j«jm; bip Dinner: owner retiring rich. Cai
Hus. Stoat:, SC5 Market Bt.
J'XCrcu^iCXT change to step <nto an old cs-
taf.lishtd ravins crocerj- business; on!y firht-
• :.:•- g-rKKl« for. firrt-clas! customers carried:
! ri<e. lnc^uriinar Ft«v-k. fisturc-s. horse and
wagon, etc., i^vjO: reason for telii^; too much
<!hr-r butincr,K. Cor. Aiateeda ave and Park
*t.. Alam»v1a.
|4BQt~1YQOD and coa! yard; rftablished 41
years: la central location: never chanped
lutnd?:. clears rrom CCfl to $4'« per month;
- fine wacr^r.s an<l h^rseF;'Iow rent; for refer-
rucc F?e all r.-ho!e=a!« <T,r.^.l»alers. Addres«
.Owner, box 2C.'S, Call ofScc.
KANKP.rPT sal*- Seated bijs for etock of
:-:!lo». i'.-oss roods an-l other merchandise of
t»,e c«t_te rr J. i:ri_tt & CO.. In buik or
In lr<* r.re solicited. For particulars apply
"?7 2-irket Rt^
T"f>H fiaie — Or'tr.tJil bo.-.th in art s^illery of
ilccJinriics" .Pavilion; l»_J0 feet; has cost over
iV*>: no reawruihle olTer vill be refused by
PROF. HAL'SSLKR. :m Market et.
GOOD opportunity far ycune man de'irirjr to
invert In the print Injt buclnes!": vrcil e«tab-
:irh<»<1 effice for sale. -Apply HaJ'.eclc block,
220 SanBori*" t:t., room CS.
HKSTAURANT for fs>; wtahlished CO years;
<inl-» li-j*<Tw-ys cf ftbout JU per day.- Inquire
_t«C_U office.
BUSINESS CnAXCES— Continued.
JGOO— BOARDING-HOUSE, *4 rooms and bar;
SO good boarders; one of the best paying
houses ln the city and the greatest barcain
¦ ever offered for eale; will clear $150 to $203
per month; must pell this week; as the owner
has other business to attend to In the coun-
try. Business Board of Trade. 226 Pine St.,
opposite San Francisco Stock Exchange.
CALL to-day for bargains. Business Board of
Trade. Livery and boarding stable,- $1600;
cash grocery arid bar, for the Invoice: half
Interest ln old reliable etore; fine lodglng-
houf=e, 13 rooms. S2S Pirie st.
WOOD and coal for sale; yard belonging to
the estate of Ralph Mclntyre. 1133 McAllister
et.. near Fillir.cre; large coal wag;on. one
delivery waRon, on' bug-gy, harness, 3 horses,
sealer*. " Ehe<;!> ftnd improvements and 21
months' l»afe;'rent practically fr*=e; bids
vcXW be received till Thursday the 13th Inst.
at 32 o'clock. P. BOLAND, Public Admin-
istrator, 2CS Montgomery Bt. '
A— HOME bakery and restaurant; first-class
trade; ilolr.g excellent business; well fur-
r.lfheU llvfas rcoir.s; low rent; will be sold
_t n bargain: opportunity for right
party. 2700 Uisrlon St.
DRUG «=t ore. 14SS Market St.; call between »
a r.t. and 5 p. m.. •¦ ¦
PLUMBING shop for ealeMn Palo Alto. Ad-
dress Plumber, box 179, Call offlce. '
IN city, near Grant ave.; good paying dress-
making business cheap. Box 264o. Call office.
BAKERY for sale— Largest and best: located
In large country town. Box 2CS9. Call.
COOD paying, old-established lumber business;
including sawmill, timber lands, yards, -lum-
l>er stock donkey engine, horse teams, etc.
U. & F. I_ COOPER. Nevada City. Cal.
FOR tale— A steam laundry ln the Sacramento.
Valley, doing a business from $100 to $150 per
vr<»?k: no other laundry within 50 miles. Box
1645. Call offlce.
¦WILL sell half Interest in a good carpenter
1 an-l Etore fitting business; well established
and paying. Apply at carpenter _hoi>. 11:
Buth Et., between 9 and 10 a. m.
FOP. sale or lease — The Bay View Stables, San
Rafael. Marin Co.. Cal. For particulars ap-
ply to M. MURRAY, on premises; cleared
over $500^ a month for last 8 years.
OUTSIDE route on this pap-r for 6ale. Apply
Call Business offlce.
LARGE outside route (No. 10) fcr 6ale. Apply
at Call Business office.
HOTEL, tn lease — 21 rooms at San Rafael; new-
ly painted; ln first-class order. Owner, 11
Lyon Ft.
BUTTER and egg stall ln Grand Western
Market. Inquire J. II. EGGERS. 1312 Polk.
SALOON for p_le; old established corner; good
location. AddreFS box 2633, Call offlce.
FLANING-MILL in this cUy for sale. F.
GEIER. Market and Dolores sts.
SMALL restaurant for sale, cheap; doing a
good business. 506 Howard St., near First.
BAKERY for rent: oven complete; pood busi-
ness. 1532 Phattuck ave.. North Berkeley.
$30 WINS $300 per month at races: references
given. Information Lyons, J21 Market, .r. 4.
LARGE inside route on this paper for sale.
Apply business office.
LODGIXG-norSES FOR SALE.
100 BARGAINS— All sizes, from 3 to 500 Rooms.
Consisting in Hotels
Rooming Houses
Lodging Houses
Boarding Housep
Flats and Private Homes
40-room house: rent ?G0 $1,000
14 rooms on Third st 4V>
10 rooms on Taylor st 3S0
23 rooms on Market st R-V>
33 rooms on Market st 1.700
106 room?: modern house 10.000
H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market St.. Mint 796.
SEE OUR LIST OF 200 HOUSES BEFORE
buying. TVe have them alf sires and nric-s:
60 rooms, close in, elevator. «?tc $4500
12 rooms, new, cl*an, clears $50 900
14 rooms, sunny corner, good condition 1000
£0 rooms, all conveniences, select, central. S0O0
11 rooms, only $200 cash, balance pay-
ment* E0O
Vacant houses furnished
We furnish the money— you pay as you can.
DONALD INVESTMENT CO.. So!) Market.
SELECT your house from largest list ln town.
7 rooms: well furnished: only $200
9 rooms, fine Jocation 425
14 rooms; elegant; must pell 800
29 r. apartments absolutely new. cash — 1000
£3, S2. 112 and 138 r. houses: values excellent-
Buyers from $100 to $100,000 can be suited.
¦\Y> lend half purchase money at lo— rest rates.
WALTER HAYES & CO., 838 Market et.
MARION GRIFFIN has a big list. See it....
719 Market St.. nr. Call bldg.: tel. Black 1S03..
40 rooms, respectable, clears $145: rent $1M...
nice location: terms *5 cash: big mortgage
11 rooms, new house: new heavy carpets; fine
oak furniture: income $160 $600
Houses nf all Flzes. kinds and prices.
City hotels. $.".000 up to $in.000
FIFHER & CO , 1132 Market st.: telephone l!>S9.
4S rooms, N. of Market: oirtV $1600
16 rooms, Hyde; very finely furnished... 600
20 rooms, rent YA\ location desirable... 900
If a bargain we have them at any price
north or south of Market st.
LODGING-HOUSES— Sizes afid 'prices to~sult
all buyers: titles gu!U-_nteed; money loaned
buyers"; before buying call.
I G. \V. SCHWEINHARD.
! Phone Mint H>lt. 917 Market St.. bet, nth & 6th.
60 ROOMS, nice corner, w«ll furnished, cheap
rent, half cash, balance Bt I per cent. $4500;
12 rooms, good location, $650, half cash, bal-
nnce nt 1 per cent; money to loan at \\$. M.
K. RIVES. ?16 Market, r. 69. tel. Main 128.
I O'FARRELL ft-.. 12 rooms $300
Ptockton fit., near Vnlon Square. 9 rms. CM
Leavenworth f=t., 27 rooms: see thK.-2000
DOBLE & TURNER. 3 Eddy.
CALL and se* our llet of bargains In houses:
we have them in ar.y part of the city and at
nny price. EUREKA REAL ESTATE, 28
Sixth ft. ; • .-
?S0«— 26 ROOMS: fine location: well furnished;
all rented: low rent. BASILE. 3 Eddy st.
jgOO— Bay-window house. IS rms., good furniture;
always full: rent $44: bargain. S3« Folsom Bt.
FOR sale — 10-room house: nicely furnished ; al-
ways full. Innuire at 792 Ellis Ft.
SPIRITUALISM.
MMeTaRNDT, the great clairvoyant, tells past
and future.' cures diseases by sympathy: never
falls; has the seven rfKla, the greatest Egyp-
tian recret of the world: shows picture of fu-
ture husband nr wife: gives lucky numbers:
advice ln all speculation, love and legal af-
fair*: any cue consulting the madame will be
ccnvlnced that Fhe Jp no Fham: prices 25c and
up; come and you will be surprised: gives
satisfaction every one; op. Sundays. 213H fth.
ARRIVED— The celebrated gypsy. Prince Les-
ter, whose free tests, calling your name, the
nsme of th» on* you love and the name of the
cne you will marry, for a short time; the only
medium ln the world -so pure of his occult
power thst be will (rive every person who
comes prepared a worto>rful free test. Call or
•write with stamps for answers, 12S2 Market
et. crpo?ite O<54 Fellows' Hall.
I AFTER a sever* illness. Mrs. Dr. Farnhffm. the
•world -renowned spiritual medium: advice In
all affair* of life: lawsuits, divorces, deaths:
unites the separated: mining a specialty; cir-
cles. Sun.. Wed.. Frl. eve.: letters answered.
Resid. (no bIrt.s). r.13 Eddy. bet. Hyde. Larkin.
A— MRS. -t. J. WHITNEY, trance, business
medium, life renn>r. medical clairvoyant: sit-
ting*. $1. HC4 O'Farr^U. rr. OmiRh. Ellis car.
MRS. GILLIN'GHAM. SC5 Larkin; spiritual test
me»t. this eve., h- 10c: sealed questions: read.
dally except Wed. nnd Sat.: hours 1 to 6.
MRS. Winchester, trance medium, has returned
from the E»*t & will be found at 1C10 Clay
tt; circles Fun/ even.- and Tues. afternoon.
MRS. KLPIE REYNOLDS' last materializing
seance Thursday erf.. 1916 Market st. ; SO cts.
MRF. LOUIFE S. DRFw! Psychic. Electric
and Magnetic Healer. Room 14 203 lArkln et.
MME. VOTING'S convincing test circle to-:
night: 6-15 McAllister; I0<-; come skeptics.
MRS. EBERHAP-DT'S convincing tests to-
ni.ht, 10c. ?2S0 22d ft.: skeptics Invited.
j MRP. WKST. -rond>rful medium and healer;
readinrs <1sil~. 10 to 1". 1104 Market, room 14.
MRS. LESTER— ReadlnpsjCOp; circle every eve.
er.. Pat. 10c.; dovel. circle Tues eve. .222 Turk.
! _____ .
! FHinNnSHIP 11*11. 33T> McAllJrfer— Mr-. C. J.
M^ver: Fittinr« tlailv: t«":ti« to. nil to-nleht: lOv.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MME. ll'. BERNARD, "
1 THE FAMOUS
1 Clslrvoysr.t and business medium, permanent-
I ly located 17 Third St.. next Examiner bldg.
Fhe reads your life correctly, gives an accur-
ate description of the past, reveals the present
happenings and portrays events to occur in the
future. If you are In trouble, discontented, un-
happy f r not ratisfied in life, or have domes-
flc, love or business troubles, consult this
great medium and you will be told how. to
©verooyie them. Valuable advice ln all affairs
of life; ?5c up: perfect satisfaction ruaranteed.
MRS. nit. F. CLARK, the well-known trance
medium. Is. iwrnmrfntiy located at. 1206 Mar-
ket ft., ccrner Oolden Gnte ave.. rooms 23
• und 20; tak» elevator. Perfect satisfaction
ruerantfd by mail: tend stamp for patn-
plilct with f.pfrg!a1 terms. Daily and Sunday.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader, born with double 'veil — second sight-
d!apno*es disease, with life reading; Indies 60c
pents Si: palm, and clalr. clt. SI fO. 126 Turi.
M1IE. LA ROSE. be«t clairvoyant, card rea<Vr,
lest ai»3!um; 2Cc up. 472 Stevenson Bt.,cor.Cth.
CLAinVOYAXTS— Conttnned. .
ISMAR. the Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located 114S Market, op.
Cth; private readings daily, 10 a. m. to 5 p. m.
MRS. E. .SANDERS, medium* and palmist;
teaches mind vibration, the greatest secret on
earth; readings dally. 1104 Market St.. r. JS.
MRS. MELVILL. well-known clairvoyant, water
reader. U Cth; German spoken; telHowardlS16.
MME. ZEREDA. the gypsy. Is the great palm-
ist and card reader. 25c. 7 Seventh st.
MME. BCHAFFER. clairvoyant, card reader,
sittings cially. 44S»_ Jessie St.. bet. 5th & 6th.
IIME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card rfader and
palmistry; truth or no pay; 25c. . 1149 Mission.
MME. RAVENNA, reads life fluently; business
advice: nnmpa given: 2."ic up. K Fourth et.
CARPET BEATIXG A.VD CLEANING.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
•end to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-Beat-
Ing TVorks. - 853-3J7 Tfhama st ; tel. South 40.
CITY Steam Carpet-Beating Works. G. H.
STEVENS, mgr.. 3S-40 Sth St.; tel. South 250.
CARPETS cjeaned at 3c per yard, laid at 5c
STRATTON'S. 3 Eighth st.; tel. Jessie 944.
-. E. MITCHELL. Carpet-Beatlnsr and Reno-
vating Co.. 240 Fourteenth st.; tel. Mission 74.
ADVANCE Carpet-Cleanine Co.. 402 Sutter st.;
tel. Main S94. GEO. WALCOM.- Proprietor.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-Beatinu Works. 233 Golden
Gate ave.: telephone East 128.
CHIROPODISTS,
CORNS, bunions, in_ro-ivn nails, warts, chil-
blains; painless cure. Dr. Duncan, 415 Sutter.
COLjLKCTIOX OFFICES. •
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Acency— No charge un-
less successful. Room 310. ?27 Market »t.
COTTAGES TO LET.
CO^XA73E~oTT7ooms and bath. 670 Walnut
ave.. bet. Octavia and Laguna sts.
DRESSMAKERS AXD SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWELL Dressmaking and Millinery School;
patterns cut; special clas3 rates. 1019 Market.
ACCORDEON pleating; country orders prompt
attention. 121 Post, over O'Connor & Moffatt.
DISXTISTS. ;
A^~Uw"el^E^TRO-DENTAI/CLINIC, 809 Mar-
. ket St., cor. 4th. rm. 7. Flood bldg., you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; cold crowns.
$3 50 up; plates, extractions free, S4 50 up; of-
fice hours, 9 a. m. to 10 p. m. ; Sundays.9 to 2
p. m. J. W. THATCHER, M. P.,' Manager.
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, bridges,
and fillings: extractions or fillings by my
wonderful secret, -painless method; 20 years'
experience; no students; advice free; prices
cheapest and guaranteed; lady attendants.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell st.
A— NEW unbreakable plate, the Rose Pearl,
warranted for 20 years; crowns, J3 50; fillings,
COc; plates, $5. full set; all work painless and
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market, nr. Eleventh
— No charge for extracting -when plates arc
made; old plates made over like new; teeth
from $S per set; extracting, BOc; gas given.
THE New York Dentists have moved to 969
Mission St.. cor. Sixth. Consult us on crowns
and bridges; difficult plate work solicited;
positive painless extraction, 60c.'
PARIS Dental Parlor, 233 Kearny. cor. Bush-
Full set of teeth. $4: crowns. $3jflUi_________-
DR.R.L. WALSH. 813% Geary, nr.Larkin— Pain-
less extraction 50c;plates $5 up; phone Polk 1133.
DR. H. G. TRUEMAN, dentist, third floor, Ex.
amlner building; formerly in Murphy bldg.
VAN VROOM— "Painless" : evenings and Sun-
days. 1001 Market St., corner Sixth.
SET of teeth without plates, DR. H. G.
YOUNG. 1341 Polk st. __^-
" EDUCATIONAL..
AYRES' Business College, 723 Market 6t.— Day
and evening; *S per month; $50 life scholarship
guaranU-es a complete business education, in-
cluding the commercial' and shorthand course:
telegraphy, penmanship, etc.; positions se-
cured for graduates; catalogue.
WANTED— An offlce boy to work 2 hours daily
in exchange tuition. Ayres* Business College.
GALLAGHER-MARSH College. Parrott bldg.—
Shorthand, typing and bookkeeping; Robert F.
Gallagher, expert court reporter, teacher of
shorthand: reportorlal phrasing taught; prac-
tical bookkeeping, full course. $50; catalogue.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 Post St.,
H. F. — Bookkeeping, shorthand, typing, lan-
guages, telegraphy. English branches, civil,
electrical and mining engineering, etc.; day
and night sessions; new &0-page catalogue free.
A— THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school for the university, law and medical
colleges; references. President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building.
CALIFORNIA BUSINESS COLLEGE has posi-
tions guaranteed to it by written contract and
can therefore with confidence puarantee posi-
tions to all its graduates. 305 Larkin st.
ENGINEERING-Clvil, elec.ir.inlng.mech., sur-
vey, assay, cyanide; clay, eve.; est. 1S64. Van
der Xalllen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
A FULL couroe in Ellis bookkeeping and the
Gregg shorthand costs only $C0. San Fran-
cisco Business College, 123G Market st.
A SPECIALTY — Perfecting beginners: business
college uradunte3; bookkeeping; figures; short
time: TARR. exp. acct., 220-Parrott bldg.
MERRILL-MILLER College, shorthand and
typing, removed to new quarters, rms. 40-45,
1'arrott bldg.; Individ, instruction: catalogue.
FRENCH, Spanish. etc PTof.DeF"ilippe'sAcademy
of I^erguages,320Poft;estab'd 1871;ablest profs.
PUOF. MEUKI, from Paris: violin, mandolin,
guitar; experienced. 100S Mission st.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc.; day or eve.; J5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
COACHING in high school mathematics a spe-
clalty; simple methods; successful. «3O4O 16th.
ILLUSTRATION— PARTINGTON'S DAY and
ILLUSTRATION— r.lght class. 421 Pine st.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES. •
JAPANESE Employment Offlce and House-
cleaning Co., best help; send men at short
notice. 1125 Sutter, nr. Polk; tel. Larkin 2331.
A— UNION Japanese-Chthese Emp. Offlce— Best
help turn.; domestic servants: work executed
with care, dispatch. 417 .Powell; tel. Bush 376.
JAPANESE aTid Chinese help of all kinds;
cooks, waiters and house servants. GEO.
AOKi. & CO., 421 I'ost St.; tel. Bush 135. ¦
ABC EMPLOYMENT Offlce; Chinese. Japan-
ege^help fur. £44 California; phone James 2601.
JAPANESE, central house-cleaning & employ-
ment; all kinds help. 1046 Sutter; ___ East 203.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese employment of-
fice;, all kinds help. 31.". Stockton; Main E1SS.
ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese, Chi-
nese help. 426 Powell, nr. Sutter; tel. Black 5072.
JAPANESE and Chinese employment office^ —
Best help. C2C O'Farrell St.; tel. Hyde 2191. ¦
CHINESE and Japanese employment office—
Best help". 411^ O'Farrell st.; tel. East 426.
ISMFLOVMENT WANTED FEMALE.
NEAT, responsible, middle-aged, real good
cook, capable of taking full control, desires
(situation in small family: references; carfare.
Call from 2 to 3 p. m., or aut.ress S., 230 Fell
St., for three days.
MIDDLE-AGED lady wants situation to do
light housework; wages $12 to $15. 612 Second
gt.. Oakland. .
GERMAN girl wishes a situation as cook or
peneral housework, with references; wages
'$25 per month; small family. Box 2C37, Call.
GOOD, competent American' cook; call Thurs-
day and Friday forenoon. 7',4 Grand St..
near Tenth and Mission.
COMPETENT woman wishes to do house-
v.-ork. or by the day washing or house-
cleaning. Apply 31 Fulton st. . •
DRESSMAKER. Just arrived from New York,
wishes c-neascments in families by the day;
$1 10. Apply to Drersmaker. 5C8 Mission et. _
A RELIABLE young woman wishes light
housework: steady place ; references. Please
call 4_5A Fifth Et. • .
COLORED girl, experipneed child nurse, would
like position: can sew and mend; references.
Apply 1104 Taylor st., 9. to 6.
YOUNG girl wishes place for houso cleaning
by the day. Call for 3 days. &30>I> Mission st.
SITUATION wanted by good cook; will : do
housework: city or county. 172 Minna st.-
A YOUNG woman would like' to work by the
day. CaH or write 106 Eleventh st., box 23.
LARKIN, 1022 — Good plain cock wants situation
. or general housework. Phone Larkin 1SG1.
WANTED— Position bjr American woman an
nurse to the sick by day or niprht or as
working housekeeper. Call 144 Silver St.,
I bet. Third and Fourth. _ >~ ¦
COMPETENT Swedish girl wishes general
housework or upstairs work in American
family: wages ?;o. $25. Call 1714 Octavia.
COOK wishes place In private family or will
take charge tf residence for the summer- 6
years Jn last place; references. Address MISS
COOK. ¦5200 Fillmore. ct.
RESI'ECTABLK lady wants work of any klnri
by the, day. 112 Miles ave.. Alden. Oakland.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
kct— 200 rooms: 25ctojl 50 per night: $1 SO to «1
week; convenient and respectable; free "bui
and bapgasfr to and frcm ferry ,.'
E5IPLOYBIEXT \VANTEp—-M^iE^ HELP WASTED~.FEMALE--Con. HELP WANTED — MALE— ¦Con. MISCELLANEOUS -jf£on.
WANTED— EmDloi-ment by elderly respectable SKIRT .hands for dressmaking; also appren- MEM OR WOMEN TYPETVRITER3 at any price to close them
active man- knows city well; city reference ticea; paid while learning. 121 Post, room 49 iPaid Big Commissions out: different makes: call early for barga.n*.
of probity and trustworthiness from past em- _„.-,-.„-, _,„_,,_. _,._,. A r — : . - ' UTICA CLEANSING COMPOUND COM- TYPEWRITER EXCHANGE. 403 California.
ployers for 7 years; nominal salary. Address AMATELR singers wanted. Apply at Chutes PAKY, -1 Sp^ar et. c_ W q_~ Z . K . TH - her 1
box 2401 Can r.rfw at 6 p. m. this evening. __— SAFES— New and second hand. THE _I£k-
: • ua " OIHCe - — ; WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know MAN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento s^
SINGLE, active, middle-aged registered phy- F i? S ,I: CLASS flnlsher. on custom coats. 223 that Ed R 0 lkln. Reno House proprietor -till - . . . " , -,^i-. -<^'
siclan offers Bervices particularly to steam- Kearny st. . _„„, De nver House, 217 Third st.; 150 Urge MAGIC lanterns, n%w and 2d-han<l movins plc-
8 hl P company needing^ surgeon and- to cor. PANTS flnIshers warted 253% Bteven80n st . rooms; 25c per night; $1 to >2 per week.- turw. BULLARD _.- BRECK. 131 Port st.
poratlons. Graduate, box 2*00. Call ornce. between Third and Fourth. . . ' barbers all Invited to call and see the latest SAFES-New r»_J second-hand: all sixes. THE
YOUNG man would like position running en- • ; '.... ; improved revolving chair, called the "Auto- WALTZ SAFE. 109-111 Market st- San Fran.
Sine or firing;, handy around machinery. J. NURSE , , w _nted at 863Havea Rt ' back"; It's a corRer STOLTZS new head- .
C. S.. 7 Fourth st. .¦ ¦ r^UKSE clrl wanted at 863 Hayes st. quarters, 723 Market St.. first Qoor up. MJSCELLAXEOUS WANTS.
RELIABLE and honest young man from the A .^ U 1 ng D^° ma n 1 0 ,_? adTOnU^B^'^'cill 5 McDOXALD & PERRY haveKCO pairs second-
country desires employment ln the city. Box small place, home advantages. Box 263o. Call. hand shoes for sa le: 50c up sam- . ize . cheap for cash- ariswtr at once-.
26S7. Call/oKlc*. " GIRL: housework and plain cooktng ln small pies and slightly damaged shoes. 241 Third. Box 26S9. Call office. .
SITUATION -wanted by ft German to drive family. 1444 O'Farrell at. after 10 a. m. MEN t(> , ear _ barbe j. trade; cat _i oirue malled SECOXD . H \ND steam eas and electric ma-
a delivery wagon or as a »ale«nan: has ex- TOUXG _,., t0 ass , st ,_ „, housework ; free S. F. Barber College 741A Howard st.; *'£££ wamei 2^ Mifsioa si. near.M_ln.
perlence for the last S yeara. Box 2402. call. no CO oklng. 1308 Buchanan st. • no barroom chairs, used ln this college. __ — . — 1_ 1 _
F p^.T,o C n n S e S st C o^ty^fere^T Se Bor °S?2d^lS^t^? eh ° lM 1 gT^Z^e™:
¦ Ca " ° fBce - 1 — " WANTED-Good^experienced vestmaker and BLACKSMITHS for ' whaling cruise; also car- T a £? a^i/*^
COACHMAN, first-class, wishes position; thor. apprentice; good pay. E2S Stevenson st. penters, at HERMAN'S. ;s Steuart st. ade ladles . gents cloth. i.>4. 3th. tel. roi.^--.
a,aa^^^« W^TE^rst^ss -n^r on pant,. 1,4 COAT g a^vest^ker^cou.try. Ap- O^gy^>d^r^n d diamond, bought. 20,
E ?S??n?r<^l "jy-aSrffl-- aS OPERATORS on ffiSgt unde^ear^to work good g ardener of
STATIONARY engineer and machinist, strictly ¦ __._._, T^ „ ; — — _. .„ ., _.-. ,., CTPR(! _. ntK , AddIv at E'7 Fourteenth MATTRESSES and upholstery: tel. South 733;
sober and industrious, capable of making all APPRENTICES to learn tailoring. 541 Mar- -HAMSTERS wanted. Apply at 6. j -ourteenth to order or renovated, feather and hair
repairs, 20 years' experience, wants steady ket at. Blreelj ; ¦ steamed: expert carpet cleanins: strictly re-
MsV 1 Call 'Z*L ° r C ° Untry ' AddreS3 b0X OPERATORS shirts and overalls; Inexperienced BAILORS, blacksmiths seamfn* :{fm .hands: liable. HOPKK BROS.. 31S-KO Eleventh »t.^
¦«)9S. Call office. lnitructed. Heynemann & Co.. 410 Mission st. all parts of world. HERMAN S, 26 Stenart. - —
M mM B ?ho™_rtTi Sh *_^rtin^° n |^5f^-w-S: FIRST-CLASS flnish*™ on coats. BELASCO PENSIONS-J. H Shepard & Co old reHable ™2™}i~Z2~22£Z!!z _.
wife Is a good cook P Inqufre HelvetS Hotel. & HARRIS CO., 641 Market st. flrm. 806 Market, .room 40. Phelan building. A _ MQXET t6 , oa _ at rates whlch peop , e ca ,
«l Pine Et. • FIRST PLAPS onerators on nants- steady WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St.. near Mar- Jfferd to pay on furnltur- Pianos, etc. : _ da
¦ _— . — ; ¦ *i«t>i-L_.Afc& operators on pants, aieaay . fr- -i-ht- reai'ine-rooma- free not borro-f of your friends or you will lo»»
GARDENER, practical, handy with tools: can work; good pay. £41 Market st. >_»£ _^ d r^ > ™*' a^ t S^nd from fer^! ' thetr friendship^ do bwlnew with stranser,
run gasoline engine and steam pump: first- CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions 5 — and you wU1 be better satisfied: no delay; no
class references. Address Gardener. Call. received at Calf branch o^ffic^ 2200 Flllmore st? CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions publicity. Rooms 9 and 10. 9C6 Market st.
WANTED— A position as bookkeeper or corre- .-. BRa m CH o f flce » or call advertisements' and . receAe at — _]] — ranc ° — _!___! m ° rC . S ¦* ANY proposition, any amount; 6 per cent; first.
sponding cleVk; years of experience.. 106 "bscrlDtions has been T establlshja at 103G A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and .econd mortises, estates ln probate, interest
Eleventh St., box 19. Valencia e? estaDllsceu ai iu^> - ubscrl p tlon3 na , been B established at 1096 ln estates. le K ac1»s; corporation loans, chattel
¦ — — vaiencia si. . . Valencia St. mortgages and securities. Room 16. 1st RT>or.
A, GENOSES. 995 Market St., room 9. wants = i . » Chronicle builrlln* 1IAIT/^R*V & OLSEN
place as cook', or will care for sick man, ref. } HELP WANTED— MALE. ~H7^ev* ivn ivtrnvs inronic.e pu.Kiins. hallok.^.n a v^*<. .
— — — : " ¦¦¦._. . ¦ ¦¦-¦ :---- _. HORSES A>D »AUIH!>. ANy _j-. ou: ? t at 6 per cent . flrgt _ d and U mort .
CLASSIFIED advmiscmen^ and su^bscrlp_Uons HANSEN & CO.'S 104 Geary st. 40 HORSES for sale; also wapons. buggies. f»f". undivided interest, real estate In pro-
recelved at Call branch offlce. 2200 Flllmore St. RAILROAD WORK carts, harness Grand Arcade Horse Market. J> ate : mortsagc- and legacl*9 bought: no (!f
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisement, and Freeware.. ......Ship Dally..... ...Free Fare S 27 Sixth St.; auction Bales every Wednesday. ''ff;.^ 1 JP* ?*V
•ubscrlptlcns has been established at 1088 20 drillers for the biff tunnel, Chatsworth SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers. where. R.McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery, r. 3.
ValenClR Bt - ¦¦^*t^t^J?a"^^iVthw«ftJSi^}? 6-YEAR-OLD well broken horse, suitable for "^K^^K^fe^^
FEATnER p»,i,ows. r^ k F a a h re-:v.:v.:v.:^::v:.v::.:VFr^-Far J e ra&^T^.r^S^^^gg^- IKi^SF Sg^ tSH "*° Zt
FrA t THrA M rA i ?TlS? P^ e st 8 ev m n a ion a s? re9S »of« »" ke™.W 'S •?•. VSrS^lA M..L. Pancoa,t. sec., 510 Golden Gate ave.
FEATHER FACTORY. .44 o * r^^ bn.ygoat kid. pure^"^ «**VlCI-? MOST reliable place to borrow on diamond*
" FLATS WASTED. ' to ?2. HARDT Mw PostoncP Alameda Co etches, jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL. 10 Sixth:
_^. HOTEL DEPARTMENT HARDT. Melrose Postofflce, Alameda Co. highest price fcr old gold, silver, diamond-.
FLAT or cottage • five rooms or more and bath: Head laundryman. country hotel. $50: washer FOR sale— Nine-passenger wagon. 5 Montgom- O m f.,^,it,,™ _•„_„„. ZZ — ,__,„_,,. — _,„___
r^th W cffif^rSk, fl UJ^r_r_v!^«nt n^odl «*.^™^ bt^S^ 1 ta £g?7_ 1 »J| « d cI^ I &- ery .t. or 1340 East Fourteenth St.. Oakland. °^,^»^ t gSSSj.'^ t^Tno b"rX^
erate: no children. Box 2598. Call office. ____ PoH 8 her._ country hotel. J45; starcher. clt>, »30 THREJ _ f __ t r ___ j-_"-j: _ lg0 g()me goo _ age; reliable party. 1170 Market St., room 83.
_ 6 waiters, first-class restaurant south JU a business hors- 9 . at 721 Howard at 3% en furniture and pianos;' m up: no removal;
: • A - i( ? s b ETS t ««»«-»-« nocomm laslon: prlvate - lta " a -' M " t -
TO LET— Lower flat of 4 rooms; rent J10. 1002 waiters, country hotel. *30; 6 hotel waiters, carts, buggies, surreys, horses. 114O yoiaom. i^jANS. 1st or 2d mtgs; city, country. «%. undl-
McAlllster st. Apply G. H. UMBSEN & CO., city, J3or$32 00. $35; German cook, hotel, city, j^ A No j eX press -<7agon single also light vided ints.; estates. HARPER, 397 Parrott biff.
14 Montgomery Bt. ' $55; cook, country $55; short order cook City, -nmnlne' wairnn fnr fs.1« ehein 532 Mission ~~~~ — —
¦ ' — $12 a week. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary! camping wagon, for.e^ie cheap. 53Z Mission. M0 NEY loaned salaried people without security.
' - -. . ; HILL. rm. 44. Merchants' Ex.. 431 California.
FLAT of 5 rooms anfl bath. $18. 1939 Mason st. A— MURRAY & READY— PHONE MAIN 584S. HOUSES TO LET. — — •
Leading Employment and Labor Aeents .^^^^~^^^^~^~^.~^^~-~~~~~-~-.~-~>~~~~^~^ $100,000 TO loan on real estate or for bulldlnir;
SACRAMENTO. 1365— Flat of three rooms; sep- ; whlte ma]e ne i p of _n kinds furnished " A— PRINTED LIST Houses to let; send lor dr- low rate. Home Bids. Co.. 223 Sansome, r. 2.
arate entrance; rent $12 50. FREE OF CHARGE TO cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO., 14 Montgomery. ¦ _ — — — ¦ — ; — — -
— — — " ~" _sJ«w Tv«-i«i_V «* iiii« ' CASH loaned on salaries; New York plan. TUB
SUNNY flat of 6 rooms; modern improvements. „! ? . employer or neip. NICELY furnished house, 9 rooms and bath; TOUSLEY CO.. 321 Parrott building.
Kev 836 Halirht st • indicate too large, no nrm too small for ,,, _._» f urn i-he_ cr unfurnished- reason- '
ivey Sib Jiaignt St. _ s tQ supply _ No ol)Jec tion to distance. We T?j' «23 Prat »t untu ™ 1! ? M - reason CASH ]oaned to sa i a ried people on note without
3-noOM flat; corner McAllister and Polk ets. ship cood help to all parts <rl the world. . " i Indorser. MORRELL, 609 Examiner building.
Inquire at butcher shop. Employers of help: Phone, telegraph, write — -,^.. t .t-. " *
: ¦ or call in person an3 procure your help from LOST A^D I'Ol.VD, TO salaried people without collateral or In-
4 ELEGANT new sunny flats of 9 and 10 rooms. MURRAY & READY. *~ ¦ dorser. S. F. Discount Acency. 143 Phetan bl«.
872 to S80 Eddv St.. near Van Ness ave. -yv,. Kave employment LOST— A passbook with the Hlbernla Saving =3
•¦ iWto upward of 17.000 men. £* n -f& let _ 1 , O 4JlF l CftSsW^LL 0 MONEY WASTED.
FURORE FOR SALE. In 1S98 to upward of 19.000 men. ,
.~»~>~_. . Jn 1899 tc upward of Zl.ooo men. ; •; WANTED— A loan of $2u00 secured by chattel
FURNITURE— 8-room modern flat, elegantly In 1900 to upward of 3o.000 men. LogT-Blue enameled watch, fleur Je 11s pin; mortsraKe on machinery worth 510.000. Apply
furnished; owner ill and going East.. 1043 HELP WANTING A\ ORK— Hundreds word "Manila" on. dial; liberal reward. 419 box 2403. Call offlce. •
Ellis. " •* • Of places awaiting: your selection. Ellis st ¦ ¦
i COME READ our BULLETIN BOARDS. : .„.,.,„,, ivsTRIMPVTa
•4 ROOMS furnished ln oak $48 B0, with No. 7 MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay st. LOST-Sunday. March 10. diamond bar pin; .MlMtAL !.>MKt3ihM».
range. King Furniture Co., 1127-1131 Market. W^ NTED ' .-liable- reward. Box 2636. Call office. ANY person havlns u»' itoTtta^^toTZ
FtlRM^H. WANTED. ' i^t^^^h¥i^T^ 1^i ST ™* ™ B^^^S^^ M^F^
Auctioneer-L.Vincent.1305 Larkin; tel.Poik 694; r^lf k k e r Sa f 0 TorlSon! P fare a p?id? $30 t - y m*Uk a er d^or Wanted-Old pold for manufacturing. O. Nolt», of their _rade. from Steinway down. Prlv-
furniture &¦ furn'd houses bought; spot cash. "liw^J"*.^^^ $30; pl7_nlrt_r mill man. jeweler, 248 0'Farrell. bet. Powell and Mison. JJ^/p^JVa n^Tst^nwa^any tlm^
IF you want to sell furn., mdse.. etc.. see J. A. COU , n l!7'.J 3 a i day i 2 ers ; 8 lack «J3 OI _ D ,_ ______ d | amo - d - _ n d precious «tones within three years from date of purchase.
Munro & Co.. 240 Stockton st. : tel. James 1541. iP^r^^o £r!n Vin r? ? y ' boueht. J. R. JENKEL. »17 Market St. Beautiful new uprights «old for S6 cash and
¦ — — . D. Ti\\ ER & CO., 610 Clay gt. _______ , _- jg p^- month. offer to s«ll some Kocxt
BEFORE disposing of yourfurnlture tel. Folsom - AOFVCY E9 Third Rt nhona ui-ni(tnmi planes at $3. $1 and $.". per month. SHER-
2*45 New Enterprise Furn, store, 1114 Mission. AT^£M^^..g g^^*™. MATRIMOMAL, MAN CLAY & : TO.. «elnw.j deaten K cor-
TO receive highest value for furniture, carpets. era for pipe line, 13 per day; mm to plow GE XTLEMEN wishing td marry wealthy ladies BroadwaV and Thirteenth st.. o a _:
etc.. see W.E. Cody, 757 Mission; tel. Red 3333. i-lneyard, $1 per day and board: man for B end 10c for .list. MRS. HERTZ. 706 Ellis st.
¦ ¦ ¦ dairy. $23. bed and board; 4 teamsters, coun- ——-----—-—--—-- ¦
C^i«^« LE ,y Y iir- H Mnrv2r K t f " r t n e 1 i tU JeV, s l? r 7 P 6i t8# I™' V,- per day an^b?^: w - lter - »'° teI . co " n - MFntTAI OUR advice to-day is short and to the point-
pianos, etc. 113a Market st.; tel. Jessie 761. t r y # j2o, room and board; gang of men for JH-IUL-AL. Bu _ _ ow -^y froI _ ua Buy _ D ec _ er
» ->nT r dt?d- I?-™ «n n .i«_ .> — ~..« ki~k>.» ZTilll nxii woods; 10 men to make redwood ties, - .. ¦ .- ¦ ¦- — ¦.-. .^ -. — ~— — _ -- .- ,...- ..—«..__._ _ .. n _ a e« nr( * it If voii cannot the-»
nrL f£ Jcond VLl furnHnre- ffi^id'SSi to cut * ft - redwood. 73c; pine $1 25 per cord; A-RENOWNED specialist: those who desire to g» « ]££& 'tSSniuter. ft iiarn"
price for gecond-hand furniture, tel. Red 1354. p i ckets> $ 6 pe r thousand: posts. $3 hundred. obtain results promptly; ladles only; my reg- °r a wfnard piano. We sell on easy pav.
¦ — — — ¦ ulator has no equal; all classes of female ™«J», if vo u do not want to pay cash.
HELP WASTED FEMALE. . A-HOTEL GAZETTE. 26 Montgomery, rm. 12. complaints relieved by treatment superior to MAUVAIS MUSIC CO. 7S3 Market %t.
J%^^^ l^. njlJ^ ru -^ Ju^ ru - l . n .- IJ - l . l - u - J -^^ J -,- l . r . ru^ l -. riJ^^ JJ Bel l b <»> * 10 : head cook . *70; man and wife, a n others; the only treatment that helps the MAL>Ai • .
AT C R IIANSEN & CO 'S. Phone Grant 185 porter, $55; waiter, country hotel. $30. unfortunate; the most obstinate cases are ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest hou**
HOTEL DFPARTMEVT »*7T£ a if_ «.. r^-f O - ..-^ .h.-^-n.M i- Immediately relieved without pain: no other west of Chicago Is KOHLER & CHASE'S. 2*.
VwalVressesflrat-class hotel short distance' M i^-? nd lfe M t-I° rte J SS? Ch^?S% ?r treatment will do this; the most difficult j8 and 30 O'Farrell St.; oianos. orzans an.l
«¦>- s rh,ir« «t^rt m dav- l w_?S.««M I_» !? om . ln _ r "5? Use i,- 1^ *""* r 001 "- MRS - M - E - cases treated; scientific methods iruaranteed. all other musical iDstniments of all grad^*
JfSWlles^lS: free' f_reT y . S w5tJSSS_T > .h-rt DAY ft CO.. 33, Geary st. dr. G. W. ODONXELL. 101S Mrkt, opp. tth. and Drl ces: term, ea,y; price, lowest: every-
dlstar.ee. $25; 2 waitresses, commercial hotel, THREE woodcarvers. 2 cabinet- makers, 1 ~~ . „_,- n , vr -,, „,, M -,v_f th_ w.n lhlns P osslble done t0 P lMS « aa « -aMsfy u«
$22 60; 2 waitresses, springs. J20: 15 wait- painter; non-union; no office fees.. Mechan- D R- and s -.^l.,,,,;^ 'V "*?ll ' nr L-7ici" CU8t0mer - ! .
STfd's' siral^work^ty 20 *^- 2^ ..Sct"™^ I^b' Registration Bureau. 410 Kearny st. S^tly^lfabfeT-^Ulve SSfVSSSSd A STORAGE auction pi_no sale: 21 fine pianos
™ c'ty ?l S 50 'aSay ' ? y JOURNEYMEN Barbers' -International Union- at office; patients treated can return same Just removed from storage room and placed
ers, c - ty - F > A^ IL l Y a D y E p ARTMENT Free employment; only recognized union. 115 day; those wishing to treat themselves should on sale; offers wan tea to force them cut.
BGemkn and B Scandinavian Thouse^^ girls) $25. Turk; tel. Folsom 1583: I. LESS. Secretary.- fsnd for the HINDOO HERB HOME TREAT- WILSON'S STORAGE. 17C8 Market st.
bousekeeper. $20. C. B. ZIAK8EK & CO.. 104 WANTED _ Flrst . clas9 brass flnlsher . 8croll \f^^ O mS^tl. b£r& ttStSbS £ A FEW ne wptawte ™'™»£ -_
Uflto "• , , makers and pattern makers. S. iF. Novelty be sent; t! years' experience. 323 Kearny st. 111 ,,* 30 : B £,i C .} RT A x-*.- .»;--»
A MAN and wife as waiter and chambermaid-; Works. Bay and Stockton sta. "'' * FTH J, ablc 8P eclaUst- -5 yrs ' st. .Chicking and \05e agency.
C Th""vs1'n- & * 35 - GENTLEMAN of indomitable energy a^d push; M^e?.^p" «S_^~ t'e^r^Vmtn^t ™g .''X^OCo' ***
C. It, HANSEN & CO.. 1M ueary 8t. goo _ opportunlty to rlKht man _ F PERSON. offlce; any ailment; home for patients; con- price. PEKING CO.. 1- Flood tmuamg.
A GERMAN nurse for Institution. $20. C. R. room 412. Parrott building. suit free. fr>2 Tost St.. bet. Hyde and Larkin. BEAUTIFUL new pianos. $i:>5 up; rents and
HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary St. | WANTED _ 3 fl rst .class cabinet makers. W. T. MRS. GOODWIN. 1033 Market-Private home easy payments. KLARE. .JOS Fillmore st.
j&M£^*&%i§^&®& J™™Ll™^ c ZZZZl^°T:*a
S^^ifw^t^e^cSy^S^^ business agency. mM Market ,t. MRS. *&^-$5S^™*£iS&* t -- SPECIAL sale of pianos this week; Stelnway.
taurant waitresses, J7; 4 chambermaids to BARKEEPER with references for family liquor bet y specialist Knabe and othe rs. BRUENN. 208 Post st.
wait. J20; chambermaid. St. Helena. $15; store; must be acquainted. 528 Third st. Mn - ES AXD MIXIXG ' BIGGEST bargain In -Fisher upright * piano;
chambermaid by the day. $6 week, sleep WANTED _ steady youn _ man to , earn ,.,__.. _J ~*~ '~ nearly new: must be sold. 301 Jone. .t.
'.... FAMILY DEPARTMENT making. 247 Fifth St.. near Folsom. MONTEZUMA COPPER STOCKS CLOSING out stock of elegant pianos: nend
French second girl, $20; German cook, $25; STEAd y man wlt h $100 cash can make 173 _ «mn- in for price. W. C. HAMILTON. 8 Flood bldg.
German nurseglrl, $20, same place; cooks oit.Aux man win »w casn can make $.j are selling ln 1 — _ — . .
and houseglrlsf $20 and $25; nurse and seam- month. Apply 610 Folsom St.. room 2. — HIGH-GRADE piano-; Steck Hardman Con-
ptress.%20* MRS. J_. E. DAY _ CO.. 335 YOUNG man to wait at table: small place; J20 increasing amount each_ over and others. Wiley B. Allen Ca.. 314 Pot.
Geary st - : to $25 and found. 700 Mission st. succeeding month. Knowing BARGAIN— Must be sold; nice upright piano.
GERMAN or Swedish girl for general house- ~ ; : BCHMITZ. 16 McAllister st.. next Hib. Ban_.
work and cooking: wages small family. B0T wanted at B29 Mission st. them to offer the best investment -early new grand upri K ht cheap; brilliant.
52 Bartlett St.. near Twent> -second shoemaker wanted. 1343 V,.«_cla- -t.. near on the market. andlSal the powerful tone. HORNUNG. n« MeAUl-fr.
ACTIVE elderly woman to assist w^ltn Dat>y Twpntv-flfth - " Tjv_>n>T V1TI7V «i»-»t»c— ¦ A m Ttvr nn
;__>,---«,,.--»¦« E , s ,,;'I 5 H E n'. Mt ea^ U , lt . TO ,r. 1 -,. , """"" "" °". __7=™- W"*"
take work home. II. , FRIEDLANDER, 333 . ¦ . insnectlon our Mr Thompson
Fell, st. * • BOY wanted: florist. 240 Kearny st. inspection, o-r -ar. xooroproa SUPERIOR violins, .ithers. old and new. H.
A. LADY of indomitable energy, possessed of PAINTERS wanted. Slip No. 5. Ferry Build- ' has gone to Washington to MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
self-assertion: good opportunity to right par- j--. . . «„_,_._ _--„_.,„- CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
ty. F PERSON, room 412. Parrott building. 1 ; ; arrange for an early summer excursion c _ n 16 ,-,-„. to any address in th»
'¦ — — — TTT zr-r, GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 23c .. , , \ ¦ _ , - United States or Canada. on« year for H.
YOUNG girl, for housework; family of .. Call to 6Oc . 562 Mission St., bet. 1st and 2d sts. t0 mines (copper and coal) postage paid,
forenoon at 1C72 Post St. ' • ¦ ¦ . «_-__-_-_»_-__-_-__-_-_»__--_-_-_-__-__-_-__-__-_¦
WANTED-Young ,1,1 for general housework; W £g™J?" A flnt - clMi - dl8hwashc^ »• 1S ln the Mt. • Ralnler_r_gion. Wr . "^i-Icl^^D STORES TO~Tet.
¦ R6Cd " Ot CO ° k - 1S31 Eddy Bt - — — - BOOKFOLDERS and .ewers wanted. 422 Sac- ' hope to make this _excur,lon
OPERATORS on white duck coats. MAJOR ramento st " viO'-lJ: to stockholders File Valencia St.. near 51st. ; will make any neces-
CONWAY, 79 Flood building. . . , . _ * '"^ , Bl " cll "« * » .___ a i terat iona of front cr Interior to suit
FIRST-CLASS finisher on pants. 211^ Te- S»B ' CO.? « mK™ 0 """- your application now_and «ocd tenant.
hama St.. upstairs. -_- _iV__i~ —m k» -,iim ¦ STORE and 2 rooms; rent $3.. 1172 Harrison St..
_„_ _- _ ~. ; Z 7. SHOE repairer with $15 to buy shop; 441 Bush; particulars will PC mailed between Seventh and Eighth.
FINISHERS and apprentices to work on cus- ,. barcain to-day 814 Pine «t ' —
torn coats; steady work. 615 Natoma.st. , as soon as arrangements SMALL store, with livlns rooms. 2133 Mission
w a v-itlv : ,. ' .__- «. — p o ii -» i«i BARBER SHOP for sale; $35 cash. $40 Install- : ,' 1 ' ' street
%\ANTED-Nursegirl; wages $8. Call at 1364 mentg 1612^ Fol?om Bt near Twelfth. are com_leted. . r r .; i , i
Geary st. . m'JI
¦ - WANTED— An up-to-date. energeUc. cpmpe- THE AMERICAN GUARANTY AND TRUST . O11 *- .
FIRST-CLASS waitress wanted. 43 Third st. ' n f n * *^r" n 5 n J^' am * n *° **.£ COMPANY JOSEPH B. TOn.ITZ. Z30 Pine St.
_____ _. resent a. wholesale liquor house; answer with COMPAQ-. MEMBER PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
. particulars regarding experience and terrl- Country correspondence solicited.
GIRLS wanted: bookbindery. BS6 Clay st. tory ccvered; must have Al references: per- Selling Agents. < -
1 . manent position to right party: correspond- . « i. . — > .^ _. ,. .. - • ¦ _ . . __._._,— »_ • »-.» ..nr,..,. . ~ mr»m
GIRL for general housework; no children. 1456 ence strictly confidential. Box 2690, Call offlce. 810 Safe Deposit Building. San Francisco. PAINTERS A>P nSCOn.VTORS.
Fulton »t.. near Baker. - ___ MEN _ Our nt&:ogue how we teach the MINES bought and eold; also stocks in mines WALL .paper, window rooms papered. $3
WANTED-Young girl for light housework and tra( j e in .two months saving two years; and oil companies. Prof. John Tiltcn. rms. up. Jensen & Bath. 2Ca Sixth; open evenings,
care of children; sleep home. 2517 Bush st. mailed free. -We. have*. no 5c shop ln connec- 4.5-4.6. 4th floor. Parrott bldg: 10-12; 1-3. ROOMS papered from W up- city or country
"gtsa s-y-sg* -HK&.TF- ris__Ett^SSite ji™«™«»^ »"¦=• """" """' c °' " " "- '" "* "•
BUTTON-HOLE MAKER, finisher, apprentice; MXDLER'S BARBER COLLEGE. 635 CTay st BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. Me, _^J_^i!ri!__. i_L;
paid while learning. - 609 Kearny St.. room 2. Beware of any, cheap Imitations. IXTOSH & WOLPMAX. 19S-197 Fremont bu MME. TELORE FRANCA ISE— Just arrived:
YOUNG girl for general housework; new low- WANTED— A single man. sober and of g-ood BARS, back bars, mirrors, snowcases. counters. palmistry, readings. 847 Howard st.
er flat. Hush, near. Webster . st. habits, who understands runnin,- milk separa- linoleum, new and second hand; we always jj JEROME FOSSELLI scientific palmist 513
r : r ,„ „, tor and is a good cheese maker: board and have a large stock of saloon outfits on hand; Tavlor st bet Oearv nnd Post- tpi nincv'stn
GOOD FINISHER on custom vests. 622 .Clay, room; easy p,^. sta te wages. Address San »2 complete outfits on one floor, ready made! *a>ior st.. net, ueary nnq rost.^ter. mackjsv
room ISA. • .•-.•¦ ¦_ . Juan Creamery. San Benlto Co.. Cal.- NOO^AN'^un Tcif^ 'ikl^Mlssl'Jn- st" 1 " PATESTS AXD PENSIONS.
FIRST-CLASS flnlsher on custom coats. 8 FIRST-CLASS coatmaker to work Inside by the above Sl'xth; write for catalogue
Pine place, off Pine st. week; steady work. ROSEN BLUM & ABR A- ' ADVICE tree: no charge unless succe-sfu!.
, WANTED-A girl, to tend store . In bakery. HAM, 1103 Market it. A S« T .L!Sri S wateTpfr^^hffUn^^p^iieyl* r ' KO -, D - «-AMPRKLL. lawyer. E*"^^'*-
Inquire box 2628.- Call office. CENTRAL Hotel Barber Shop. San Rafael: 2 ft" 'wHrrELXw!^ « *' P y * rERSOslLT
>Q^^O^^avt^ r Tw^tr nC ° 0lt - m^rie^^we^" ~« ™ S g& A-!F your *^<^l^^ t
GIIU. wanted for light, housework; good home. GROCERY .^^_^^ ; L Grant HARRIS,
C23 Halght st. _f — ___ ___ . __ lively nuaranteed: call or send for circular.
HAND sewers wanted at LEVI STRAUSS' & w t AXTE , D T p 2 rs^i makerS ln Kern R : R " 8ta - ro , R fale -2 f 1 ' 0 *" «¦«. 1 counter, 1 desk: all FFRKIN -^_ MR c T. rl ,- rrreK -Tvq o, MR~
CO/Sfacton-.^Kremont st.; good wages. tlon. Bakersfleld. like nev,-. 230 Van Ness ave- near Grove st. |SK^^^^SSS^i1ilSSS
Appl> to MR. DAV.»^. WANTED-Practlcal gardener for work ln for Sale-One SO-horsepower boiler. 2 drums. to her. Call or address ZENA3 V. lX>non
' EXPERIENCED operators on pants- ' wanted nursery. 2.15 Hayes 6t. ¦;. ¦;.¦? ..-¦ Fulton mine hoist. For particulars address Egg., attorney-at-law. 508 California. St.. S. V.
\y S. K.VoOD.- CO. Apply at factory. 27 BARBER shop for sale. Lurllne Baths, north- J- POItRICELLA. Angels Camp. Cal. RAQ carpets wore to Order and for sal?: aiso
Geary st. •¦ west corner Bush nnd Larkin sts. A-20-TON H| we wagon scale; compound beam chenille-wove rugs, silk portieres; deader In
' PANTS finishers wanted by S. N. WOOD & GARDENER wanted for nursery: young man Apply at 216 California st. carpet _«|_» e^ n h ""\__'^ *_!?; th "oakiar5!
CO. Apply., at factory. 27 Geary »t. willlns to work. GEO. KARMAN, Elmhurst. X-15 AND K H P boiler- 8 H. P. enslne- MATTtt-.^b. ,09 Fl.tn.oa__ar.c_
1 WANTED-Girls who understand book folding WANTED-1C0 men to take rooms. 10c." 13c and cheap. J. BURKE, 1X1 Beale «.; J WHITE enamel iron b»d^***£. $££$*$<&
¦ 20c. Boston House. 930 Howard st. ; FOR sale-Merry-KO-round: B oo.l running order. CoTml'mi ttoc^l f^?Ur^^
' •nwl™ V i" 1 .,!¦ BARBERS-Good paying 2-chalr 6 hop for sale. Addrcs, box 63, Oakland P. O.'. general office. -,^____-__ ____----
;, ™£& K £r™'&F£ r ™&c^ito«.V i £: - atpowt " rt -' — -- — — _ F §£,s I I I r_; n uprlsht piano: BOOd order - 2U " Dom * Mlc " offlce - 10 -' Mar^ 1 *'•- nr - suth -
' low Kearny. - . 1 : " ¦--.•¦ FOR sale— S-chalr barber shop: bathrooms; . J »"""'" ". _ A _ J3 w DK j {B y ___ F v dnra natg. ji 75. p O pu-
' rnnn p 1T ivp i, Ql -^^-« c i-- nnH manicirin- ¦ - near city. Box 203o. Call offlce. ' FO R eale-EUeant bar- and fixtures; good aa lar Price Hatters. i» Kearny st.. near Pin-.
t GOOD-PAYING halrdressing and --.manicuring . : _____ _«,„.. * in o 1 v «?chomer 24th and- «?hotw«>n -
i business; done at residences; established 6 GOOD barber, steady job. Apply 725 Fourth "*" ' * lou ' J ' *' t?cnomer ' *"" ana "notweu. _. 1NB <10 . __ eA3 j» 73. MISFIT
yeara. Addres3 M. A., box 2201. Call. Oakland. at., gan Rafael, tel. Red 15. . i .,- Valuable tide and marsh land records. Apply CLOTHING PARIa)^. 437 Montgomery »t. •
. BUTTON -sewers on shirts wanted at LEV! PANTS and vest makers wanted. 201 and 203 ,. JAS - MASON. Notary Public. 42o California. SCHOOL> to , earn na i r _ r^ssing. hair work, man-
I STRAUSS & CO.. 36VS Fremont' st.' Apply to Montgomery st. and 1110-1112 Market. J10— NEW HOME sewing machine, in good con- leurir.g: private lesson* cr claas. MISS A V
1 Mn Hen-haw.- ¦¦ ¦ - ¦:--.. WANTKD _ Prcss boy . Aup!y at 53- Commer . dltlon.', 1571 .Market St.. near Twelfth. DOYLE. 1704 Market, bet. Polk and Van Nssa.
. Al FINISHERS on cloaks. M. SIMINOFF, cial Et. TYPE^\'RITERS. id-hand, all makes, al low PRIVATE detective work; reasonable rates: »
I V 1.-28 Market ,t. : COATMAKER" on custom coats. 927 Market flcwr " 1 - U & M. ALEXANDER. 110 Montg'y. year,' experience. J. B. RAY. 3G7 Jessla rt.
•' * •• — : — ¦ . St.. - room ' 721. - Gasoline or diftlllate engines, new and 2d-hand; JAMES" Detective Bureau. 127 Slontgomery »t
WANTED— Waist Imnrover. 1037 Post st. FOr sale chea->-2-chair 5c barber sh'<i Tiicw n11 8lze? ' guaranteed. NEWELL. 56 Eluxome. room 21: phone Bush 2S3; chases reasonable.
; WANTED— Clever* widow over 2S; good . man- Howard Bt. * Apply at SC4- Seventh st.. city. FIRST-CLASS second-hand modern ensrlnes and ASTHMA; rure cure. MU3. S, M. LEE Fair-
!' wr...Box:M93.-CaIlomce.. •:,-¦¦¦.--¦ barber .hop; -cheap.' DECKELMAN filers bought and aoM. KROGH MFO. CO. caks. Cat: route No 1. '
¦ APPRENTICE on coats; -.wages: paid, while , BROS., 106 Ellis St. - \ 2D-HAND steam. «a». oil. water and air ma- MASQUERADE c6-»turr«.». play books. wi K »-
I 'earning. .H.; DAVIS. 1 119 Russ st. ¦.-.-.• BniGHT - mea of eood ad( jress: money ad- chl ""-y bought and wold. Wfrlte. 516 Mission. country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mkt."
> WANTED— Good girl, for cooking and general ..• %-anced to rijrht party. Call- between S and PHOTOGKAPHIC and magic lantern goods GOOD home open for health- boy or clrl hah-
, hcuseworli;. good wages. Call 3601 Clay st. . 9 a.m. at 2C2 P6st st. • ' bought. . Bold, eichar.ged. 109 Montgomery st. ill-. Dr. Funke. 1413 Eighth *t ai.JLZ*?HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL.
PALACE HOTEL.
M J Porter. Denver
N Caddy. New York
Mrs Caddy, New York
T W Hersey & w. SJse
F E Coe & w, Denver
Mr & Mrs J \V Bur
drick. New York
Miss Burdrlck, N Y .
H S Babcock. Stanford
0 O Kruse. New York
Mr & Mrs W A Frost.
Chicago - - •
J J Dolling, N Y
Mrs H Wllkins. S Rafl
Miss Wllkins. S Rarael
Miss Nichols. SlRafael
J W Cook. Peterson
Miss II Cook. Paterson
J E Kitty, New York
D B Chandler. NY "
Mrs O Dennis. N Y
"W B Jennings. Sacto
G G Glfflns. Stanford
C A Birch. USA
T Holland. Pa
C Rankln. USA
Mrs J F Rankln. N Y
Mrs O N Denny. Prtld
Mrs Struver, Seattle
Miss de Cologan, Paris
E M Shlnkle. USA
W F Frost & w. Onkld
V) F Yarrlngton.SDlego
F W Yarrington.SDleg
Mr & Mrs W Christy,
. Akron
Mr & Mrs E S Day.
Akron
W H Jones & w. Mich
E Van Pfluzl. Vienna
S S Anlyne, Taris
W E SchulU. N Y
Master Bchult*. N Y '
H Estrlcher. NY"
1 I Gerson. Pa
J B Ettinger, N Y
S Kaiser, New York
Mrs Schnedersky. NY
E M Durant. L Ang
W G Krlckhoff. L Ang
A O Crane & w, Chgo
J C Curtis. Chicago
W B Burns & w. N Y
L C Smith, . w & c,
New York
B L Smith. New York
L H Smith & w. N Y
Mrs G Llvermore. N Y
Mrs Dr F W Smith.
New York
W Nottlnrham & w,
Syracuse
H D Nottingham & w,
' Syracuse
T P Thorr>e, Cleveland
J McHenry. Cleveland
M La?slz & w, Chgo
J R Wad*. Pittsburg
•U J Trimmer. Hanford
O E Schmidt. Crockett
Mrs W Smith. N Y
Miss H~ Smith. N Y
G P Holman. Utah
A Marix. U S N
¦H T Marponhard.USN
T B Wllcox. Portland
C H Lymberg. N Y
C V Church. Chicago
W Ballln. Portland
A "Brady & w. Iowa
H P Goodman & w.
Nana .
G W Gillette, w 4 »,
New York
E J King & w, N Y
E W Mlddaujth & w.
New York
Miss Middaugh. N Y
L Plttell. Del Monte
G T Cook, w & d. Ga
J C Stebbins. N Y
W A Sherman & w.
Colo
G L Adams & w. N Y
Miss J I, Gair. N Y
G W Galr. New York
W F Bradley. N Y
A Bevln ft w. St Louts
S R Hayes. Minn
G. Pay son & w, Chjo
G Lupkin. St Louis
J M Engle. Ill - - ,
B H Goodwin. Jf Y
C Bear & w, Chicago
H B Gillespie, Denver
J Shirley. N Y
J H Sastellar. Buffalo
V L McClatchy & w.
Sacramento
R J Anderson & w. Pa
Mrs E J Douglass, Pa
Mr Ofhima, Japan
Mrs L H Morgan. N Y
Miss C Lustlc, N Y
Miss Leonard. N Y
W L Brown. N Y
M D Lawson. • Pa
M E Harvey. Pa
Mrs Burns, Pa
'Mrs Dr Rood. N Y
J It Weeks, Los Ang
A W Smith. Shingleton
J W Winston. Los Ang
Mrs H D Aitken, Aris
A W Kimball & w.Arlz
G S Strait., Sacto
A J Younzer, /Sacto
L S Sherineer. N Y
A Dickie, Sulsun
G D Korts. CrI
A Robinson. Benlcla
T T Bellhouse. 1 Socto
G Pelrari. San Jose
W D Buckley. Stktn
E G Miller,* U S A
EC Smith, U S A '
R A Priest, Alameda
J Sandersford. : L Ang
W J Nelson, Mojave
R Williams & w; Cal
J J Weaver & w. Wash
C W Admas & w, Cal
J W Nlley, Bakersneld
B S Walker. Ft Jones
W Smith, Chicago
J W Selover,' Portland
M Brody, Des Molnes
F. Brody. Des Molnes
V Gottslenv D Moines
W P Dickson. 1 Or c - ¦
F Ilarkneas, LoS Ang
F J Rothschild. N Y
J M Barnes, LAng
J Hcrt S: w, St Paul
MI.«a. K E Hart; Minn
Mrs C P Dougan, Minn
W J Fleming. Ohio
P Sweed. Petaluma
A G Smith, Ind
T- Smith. Ind» '
M C Smith. tJT •
O Olympla
F O Hlhn. S Cru»-. _
C E Brlgham. II S A'
V S Caples. U 8 A .
O Y Woodward & w,
Woodward
Mrs A C Israel, Chlo
C I Best,& w, Minn
G Jessen & w, Wtsnv
H S Johnson, Nebr
E W Parker. U S Oeo
Survey
F A.Mecham & w, Cal
CH Hosklns, Folsom
K L Oallgaher, Mont
F Glab & w. Mont
E Carsten. Seattle
J Carsten. Wls
F D Gatter & w. Tac
D K = Melllson. Toronto
WM Clark & w. 8t
•~Andr#w
S H Jenninrs, Conn
A D Gheselln. Mo
J JRupp, Los Ang
F L Amea, Iowa
J E Clinton. S Lake. '
J D Thayard, Nome
K B Young, Lewlston
P Wilson, Stockton
S J Service, Detroit
M Orosvenor - & ¦ fy.Cal
J Rasplnl, S.Cruz
A Lefuff & w, Iowa
J Richardson & w. Mo
A '¦¦ Green, > Kans
A Hell, Sncto
G W Crystal. Vacaville
F Devlne. Slskiyou >¦
V Young.- S D
H Agnew*. Minn
F .Price. Stn Rosa
M J Montelth. Chicago
Mrs .Steinbeck Stktn
Mr* J Lewis, Stktn
A II Wrightson. N Z
J B'Relter, Chicago .
N C McClue, NY
W II Braden. Portland
I NEW WESTERN. HOTEL.
Is Q Carson, Chicago
C Lanbert. Grass Val
H ; T, Malloney. " Cal .
8 Lee,' Colo '
O : Hocke,- Presidio ..
W M McCandllsh. Colo
t>"H Duman.'-Tuma
M ¦ M ' Intnand, 111 - I
J P Granlock & w. 111!
E Field. Angels Camp
E ; D Stratford," Ore
Dr Arnold, Ky .-£¦;/'•
F W -Marymand, Stle
Guy . Slagle, Cal ¦; .
(t Ottare. : San * Jose
TK Pcndergrass, Colo
H E-Henworth.' Conn
W Chinn. Cal
SAILS TO INTERCEPT
JAPANESE SMUGGLERS
Revenue Cutter Grant Receives Ot
ders to Cruise Among San
Juan Islands.
SEATTLE. March 13.— The United
States revenue cutter Grant left port
to-day on a cruise to attempt t»
intercept the Japanese smugglers, who
are reported to be landing the little brown
men in large numbers among: the island.-*
of the San' Juan group andin the vicinPy
of Bellingham Bay. The Grant went di
rectly to Port Townsend, where it is sad
two or three immigration inspectors will
be taken on board and a systematic watc'i
maintained iicross the straits for soma
time to come. , -
It has been suspected for some time by
Immigration authorities that Japanese
were being brought across the boundary,
both by land and water. A patrol was
established along the boundary sonic
weeks ago. but so far has reported uo
sign of smugglers. This led to the belief
that the larger operations were being con
ducted by water and orders were issuc-1
to the Grant. . • .
GIFTS TO A UNIVERSITY.
Bishop Hamilton's Appeal at a Ban
qu-t Brings in $86,235.
LOS ANGELES, March 13.— At the ban
quet given by Methodists In his honor at
the women's clubhouse last night. Bishop
Hamilton made an appeal for funds for
the endowment of the University of
Southern. California. In a few minutes
$66,235 was pledged, the largest contribu
tors being Mrs. A. M. Hough and "a
friend," whose identity has not yet been
disclosed.' Each contributed $25,000. It Is
hoped by the university authorities to
raise $200,000 to add to the permanent en
dowment of the Institution.
Dr. Farman Sentenced.
NAPA, March 15.— Dr. C. H. Far/man,
who was convicted last week in the Jus
tice's Court of malicious mischief for
having smashed the .Revere House bar
on February 25. was to-day sentenced to
pny a fine of $1UO. He will appeal to the
Superior Court.
HEAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Lillian F. Brady to Louis Frledlander, lot on
N llneof McAllister street. 62:6 W of Webster.
W 25 by N 85; $4000.
Sarah E. Johnson to Tlllie M. Zelmer (wife
of Charles), lot on N line of Broadway, 92:6 E
of Steiner street. E 30 by N 137:6; $5500.
Estate of Eleanor M. Carlisle (by John W.
Root and Vincent P. Versalovlch. executors) to
Henry Lohmann, lot on W line of Devisadero
street, 87:6 N of Sutter. N 22 by W 10,0; $3650.
Julian Le Roy and Sophie White to William
J., Joseph K., Herbert L. and Emily A. Haw
kins, lot on SE corner of Page and Baker
streets, S 27:6 by E 96:10; $3500.
Louis and Jennie Frledlander to Theresa L.
Lee lot on SW corner of Baker and Washing
ton' streets, S 25:4V4 by W 106:3. and secon'd
party to convey to first party as consideration;
also lot en N line of McAllister street. 62:6 W
Of Webster. W 25 by N 85; $5500.
E N and Mary H. Harmon to Alfred Olson,
lot 'en W line of De Lonjr avenue, 176:6 N of
Frederick street. N 50 by W SO; $1500.
Grace M. Anderson to Charles J. Anderson,
lot on W line of Ashbury street, 159:9 S of "Wal
ler, S 57:6 by W 1S6:3; $20,000.
Owen and Margaret Wright to Eugene M.
Wright, lot on W line of Florida street, 195 N
of Twenty-sixth, N 25 by W 100; gift.
Eliza C. Herbert (Comerford) Jto William and
Matin J. Ferns, lot on ,W line of Capp street,
55 S of Twenty-fifth, S 25 by W 115, quitclaim
deed. $1. .-
Estate of* Joseph M. Comerford (by Eliza C.
Herbert, executrix) to same, same; $1175.
Franz or Franz E. V. and Pauline Slebrecht
to Thomas W. Butcher, lot on N corner of Bry
ant street and Stanley place, NE 87:6 by NW
100; ?13,600.
Mary A. Behan to Elizabeth J. Holley, lot on
NW line of Minna street. 120 NE of Ninth. NE
35 by NW 75: also lots 1 to 4. Gift map 4; also
lot 4, block 16. University Mound; also lot 29,
block C. lots 17 and IS, block N, lot 23. block
D, Railroad Homestead No. 2; also lot 133, lot
89, lot 421. Holliday Map A, quitclaim deed; Jl.
Edith C. Sedgley and John Kelso (surviving
trustees of estate Rosetta A. Sedgrley) to In
laid Floor Company (a corporation) lot on BE
corner of Harrison and Eighteenth streets
(Solano). S 60 by E 124:3; J25OO.
Bridget Donahue to Mary A. Rlley, lot on
W line of Tenth avenue, 275 N of Point Loboa
avenue, N 25 by W 120; gift.
Mary and Michael O'Doherty to Laura B.
Persons, lot on S line of J street, 67:6 W of
Forty-sixth avenue, W 25 by S 100; $300.
Edward Calame to May M. Calame, lot 9,
block A. Spreckels subdivision Fark Hill
Homestead No. 2; gift.
Mary A. Behp.n to Kate M. Handy, lot C,
block 1. University Mound, quitclaim deed; $1.
Elizabeth Koch (wife of Simon) to Olive Ver
kouteren. lot on SE corner of Silver avenue and
Goettingen street. E 120:2. S 65:2. W 120, N
£9:5, block 16, University Extension Homestead;
$500.
Elizabeth w. Ranlett and W. C. Bruson (by
Francois Codee, trustee) to Mary Howard.
1801 D 18. lots 6. 7 and 10 to. 20. block 25. Lake
view, trustee's deed; $1280.
Hiram S— and Elmira W.-Baldwin to A;-M.
Crane, lots 364, 26$ and 367, Gift Map 8; $400.
A. M. Crane to William A. Piper, same, quit
claim deed; $1.
Alameda County.
Lizzie G. and Walter E. Adams to C. J.
Cameron, the N 25 feet of lot 11, block H, map
of lands of Peralta Homestead ''Association,
Oakland; jr.OO.
C. J. Cameron to Frank L. Bayley same,
Oakland; $10.
Mary Kavanach (by Edward A. Kelly, at
torney) to Edward R. Lttzinger, lot 7, block
C-650, Golden Ga,te Homestead, Oakland, war
ranty deed; 110.
Charlotte H. and Frederick Elliott to Wil
liam A. Mathewson, lot on W corner of East
Nineteenth street and Sixteenth avenue. NW
150 by SW 70, block 42, San Antonio. East Oak
land r J25OO.
Lucille B.'Forman (wife of S. W.) to Wil
liam A. Murlson, lots 19 and 20. Map of Elm
hurst Park, Brooklyn Township (warranty
deed): $10.
. Alice A. Williams and Susie Goff to Hubert
Judge, lot. on S line of Buena Vista avenue,
91:7% W of Everett street, W 30 by 9 100. Ala
meda (subject to a mortgage for $1000); $300,
Thomas RaiTerty to G. Rossi, lot commencing
at W line of Main street at SE corner of lands
of Reyes Bernal. thence S C2. W 100. S 60, W
102:6. N 118, E 203 to beginning, being portion
of plat 44 of Bernal portion of Ro El Valle
do San Jose, Town of Pleasanton, Hurray
Township: $2500.
James and Marion -C Nelson to Rose B. QI1
lingham, lot on N line of Charter avenue or
Twenty-second street.' 299 :2H W of Telegraph
avenue, W 50 by N 129:4%, being lot 32, map of
Tuttlo Homestead Tract. Oakland; $5000.
John P. and Edna F. Beckett to Neeble and
Lizzie Ambrose, lot on S line of Thlrty-elorhth
6treet. 335 E of Market, E 50 by S 148. portion
of block D. M. J. Evoy Tract, Oakland: $1000.
Matilda H. Wetmore to Blanche I. Sherman,
lot on S line of Eleventh street: 100 W of
Clay. W 31 by S 100. lot 13 and E 6 feet of
lot 12, block 146. Kellersberger's map, Oak
land (quitclaim deed): $1.
Pierre and Eugenie C. Jou&lard or Gouglard
to Auaruct Faure. lot on W line of Ninth street.
M.S7 S from S line of the avenue traversed by
Berkeley Branch Railroad, thence S 100 by W
1C0, lots 4 and 5, block 29. Beaudry and Pela
e"eau property, Oakland Township; $1000.
Alvin F. Merriman to Luclnda A. Merriman.
lot- on SW line of Hillside avenue, distant SE
80 from center line of Piedmont Consolidated
Coble Company, thence SW 300, SE 180.79. NB
290.36. NW 180.79 to beginning. Oakland Town
ship; also lot on SW corner of Hillside avenue
end right ' of way of Piedmont Consolidated
Cable Company, thence SW 300 by SE 15, Oak
land Township: gift.
Olivia G. and Howard S. Holmes to Arthur
J. Weeks, the S 275 feet. of lot 12, on map of
La Loma Park. Berkeley; $1000.
Maria V. Doponte to Francisco Doponte, all
interest in lot on E line of Haven street. 100
N of B street, N 25 by E 135. subdivision A,
in lot 2, block 802, Watts Tract Map 2, Oak
land : $500. .
John Nelson to Anna D. Nelson, lot on NW,
line of Howe street. 120 SW of Booth. SW 50
by NW 125. lot «. and NE 20 feet lot 5, block
D. Thermal Hill, formerly the Howe Tract,
Oakland; gift.
Marie L. S. Vincent and Julia Bouquet to
William Corbln, lot on SE line of Fontalnebleau
avenue, 200 NE of Madison (or East Fifteenth).
NE 101.40 by SE 109.73, block 4. Fontalnebleau
Tract: also, lots 17 and 18, block E, Knowles
and Potter subdivision Kennedy Tract. East
Oakland: $10.
J. S. and Mary I. A. Myers to Josephine F.
Crane, all Interest In lot on NE line of East
Twenty-eighth street. 225 NW of Eleventh
avenue. NW 75 by NE 131.89, lot 6 and W half
lot 5 block B, Map of Bella Vista Park. East
Oakland.: $1500. ¦
William -J.- and .Virginia R. Din gee to Va
leria A. Lester, lot. on N line of College way.
23S.34 E of Louisa street. E 40 by N 134.31. lot
14. - block 4. Amended Map Sea, View Park,
Berkeley: $500.
Susanna and C. R. Donnatln to George A.
Gray lot on E line of Frultvale avenue. 150
SE from S line of NIchol avenue. S 119.15 by
E 250. hloek D, De Wolf Tract. Brooklyn Town
ship: $1500.
i George A. Gray to Augusta M. L, Llbby,
same, Brooklyn Township; $1500.
Builders' Contracts.
Rer. M. D. Connolly, rector of St Paul's
f^-.urch (owner) with American Bridge Com
pany of New Jersey- (contractors), architects
Shea- &" Shea— Steel structural work of roof
trusses, girders,' columns, arch ribs, etc.. for
new SL Paul's Church on SW corner of Church
end Valley streets. W 177:4 by 8 120:3; .
Miss Isabella Levy (owner) with W. L. Hol
ir.an (contractor), architects Salfleld & - Kohl
berg—Elevator work for one freight elevator
for a six-story and basement brick building on
P line of Union-square avenue, S5 W of Grant
W 45:6 by S; 60; $1700.
Same owner with William Horstmeyer & Co.
(contractors); architects name — Excavating,
brick, carpenter and mill work, plastering,
glazing, tinning and hardware, , etc., for- a
three-story and basement frame building on
W line of Hvde street. 87:6 ti of Geary, N 25
by. W- 87:6; $5785.
Julius Schroff (owner) with P. Eskilson (con
tractor), architect :;H. Hess— All. work except
n«antels, ' shades and tiling around . sink and
wood carving • for a frame cottage and ) fences
on E line of California avenue (Holllday), 200
S of Kva street, S, BO by K 132; $1700.
O. H. Peterson and wife (owners) with Ed
ward Glnley ; (contractor), v plans* by owners—
All 'work (owrers to furnish gas fixtures, win
rtcw'rhndes and mantels) for u. two-story frame
1 ullrtlntr on K line of Seventh avenue, 133:5 2-3
N of California street, N 25 by E 120; $2100. ; ,\
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SEATTLE, March 13.— One of the most
awful cases of, parental cruelty that ever
came to light in this city, according to
the officials, resulted yesterday evening
in the arrest of Mrs. Jane Arlington, aged
41, and her husband, John Arlington. They
have been living at 1207 ; Grant street
bridge with an adopted daughter, Lizzie
Hall, aged 15, an orphan child, who for
merly lived in Vancouver, Wash. The
Arlingtons are jointly charged with the
crime of criminal assault under the State
statutes, and have been held in bonds of
$50(Meach. The case will be heard in the
Superior Court to-morrow morning at 9:30
o'clock. . -
Lizzie Hall wa's apparently beaten al
most to death j yesterday. It is charged
that John Arlington sat in the room and
watched his wife whip the girl until she
was almost unconscious, all the time com
mending 'her, for giving the girl, as he
said, "what she needed."
Although there were no eyewitnesses to
the actual whipping,- the poor girl's
screams and moans as the infuriated
¦woman lashed her savagely with a heavy
stick and beat her about the head and
body attracted the attention of the neigh
bors, and Mrs. Butler, wife of Patrick
Butler, who lives near by, ran into the
house to investigate. De3plte the cruel
ferocity displayed by the child-beater
Mrs. Butler tore the bleeding gin from
the grasp of Mrs. Arlington and naif car
ried, half led her into a grocery,
where she was safe for the time being.
Woman Clubs Fifteen- Year-Old Girl
Almost Into Insensibility While
Her Husband Looks on
Approvingly.'
Suttlt Man and Wife Ar«
¦ Placed "Under Arrest
for Assault. •
CRUELLY BEAT
FOSTER CHILD
OMAHA, March 13.— In support of a mo
tion for a continuance James Callahan,
charged with being cne of the kldnarJer3
of Edward Cudahy Jr., filed an affidavit
asking that Pat Crowe be brought Into
court to testify for the defense when the
case Is called. He swears that he can
prove by Crowe thp.t he was not Impli
cated in the kidnaping on December IS.
as alleged; was not with Crowe at the
prison-house when young Cudahy was
held for ransom, and that he has not been
in Crowe's company since December 1 of
last year.
The case against Callahan is set for
trial next Friday. In the affidavit it id
alleged that Callahan has been Incar
cerated in the City and County Jails for
Beveral weeks and that he has been pre
vented from consulting with friends and
attorneys; that having been so confined
he has been unable to secure witnesses
who will swear to his whereabouts on
December 18-20.
If, Crowe Is called us a witness for the
defense Callahan says that ne (Crowe)
knows he (Callahan) had nothing to do
with the kidnaping. Callahan says he
can prove by Crowe that he and Callahan
were together In Omaha on December 1
of last year, but not since. In the affi
davit It is alleged that the police are
making no effort to find Crowe, nor do
they wish to locate him at this time.
Ha Says That the Supposed Arch
Criminal Can Prove Him Inno
cent of the Heinous
Crime.
Interesting Affidavit Prom
One of Alleged Cudahy
Kidnapers.
"CALL CROWE!"
SAYS CALLAHAN
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, MARCH 14, 1901.
11
Eugene McGinn. McUINN iiHOS.
Funeral Director* and Embalmers.
• .31 EDDY STREET.- '
Telephone South 252. -¦ . San Francisco.
No Connection With Any Other House. .
PROPOSALS.
NOTICE TO ARCHITECTS— General instruc-
tions, to competitors for designing and fur-
nishing plans for a hospital for the German
General Benevolent Society can ' now be ob-
tained at the office. 860 Geary st. «-* ftanafeiagS
THE BUILDING COMMITTEE.
OAKLAND FLATS- TO LET.
ABOUT completed— 6-room flats, entirely mod-
ern; Z blocks from railroad station In choice
residence section. $20 to 127 60 per month.
HERON & HOLCOMB. 1060 Broadway.
OAKLAMJ FCKXlTlItE Foil SALE.
AN Introduction to you from H..ScheIlhaas. tha
furniture dealer. Uth and Franklin. Oakland.
McGinn
Has opened Funeral Parlors at 214 Eddy
St.. bet. Taylor and Jones. Tel. South 576
REMEMBER 214 Eddy st. U on -the rlght-
hand fide of the Btreet going from Market .
JAMBS
OT 3 in plat G. Piedmont Park. a« a whole
-r In part to suit. ALFRED J. KELLEHER,
fi24 Clay st.. S. F.
EXTENSION; of protest-Captain XV. Wilmsen,
master of the German ship Otto Gildemels-
ter of Bremen, will extend his protest on
Saturday. March 16. 1901. at 10 o'clock a. m.,
at the office of the Imperial German Con-
sulate In this city, 218 Sacramento st. San
Frandeco, March 13, 1301. O. LOHAN, Im-
perial German Vice Consul. '
THROUGH TRAINS.
6:55 a. m. week days— Cazadero and way
stations.
1:45. p. m. Saturdays — Tomales and way
nations.
8:00 a. m. Sundays — Tomales and way
stations.
Via SrmutaUt* Furry.
. Commencing September 30. 1500.
FTIOM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL. VALLEY
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS- «:55. '9:15. 11:00 a. m.. •1:1$.
3:15. 4:00. 5:15. *«:15, 6:40 p. m. -
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and San
Rafael on Mondays. Wednesday! and Satur-
days at 9:00 and 11:85 p. m.
SUNDAYS— *S:00. 'lO:!*. «ll:30 a. m.. »1:15.
3:15. '4:45. 6:30, 4:00 p. m.
Trains marked <*) run to San Quentln.
FROM SAN RAFAEL XO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS-5:20. »6:30. .7:45. 9:30 a. m.
•12:30. 1:45. *2:S0. 4:S0, 5:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 6:45 and 10:20 p. m.
¦SUNDAYS— «:20, *8:00.: »10:00. '11:4s a. m..
•1:40, '2:15. 4:45. *6:30 p. m.
Trnin« marked <•) start from San Ouentln.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
"WEEK DAYS— 5:43, 6:45. 7:55, 9:30 a. m..
12:33. 2:10. 3:30. 4:14. 5:20 p. m. .
- EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesday*
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:10 p. m.
SUNDAYS~S:05. 10:05 a. m.. 12:05. 2:15. 3:30.
6:00. 6:45 p. m.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
A BANKER'S home. 8 rooms; grandly tltuated;
half block; magnificent grounds: over S17.0C0
expended; quick sale: price $S000: going to
Europe LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE CO..
46O-4C2 Eighth st.. Oakland.
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.
(Successor to Flannagan & Gallagher.)
DANIEL P. DONOVAN, Mgr.
PTJ2JERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
20 Fifth St., opposite Lincoln School. -
Telephone Soutfi SO. •.
$450 CASH. $7 to monthly till paid for; price all
told J1000; cottage of 5 rooms and bath; large
barn; chicken house and run; fruit trees and
rhrubbery: a nice, ccty hom« In the right
tpot, being healthful: 2 fine Iota, 150 feet deep;
picket fence: city water and sewer; near a
moi^l fchoolfcouse and electric cars; nice
neighborhood; sandy loam coll; view some-
thin*; grand; away from cold winds and fog;
adjoining East Oakland; call or send for cir-
cular for cheap lots or acreage. 455 Seventh
»t~, Oakland. Broadway station; carriage free.
II. Z. JONES, owner.
$1000— ORIGINALLY cold for J20C0; cottage S
rooma and bath; hicii basement; t blocks
from local station, public school; street work
complete; terms If desired; this Is a positi\e
bargain end murt be eold. J. E. MTERS &
rO.. 1CC2 Ercadway. Oakland.
LEGAL ADVERTISEMENTS.
IN the Superior Court of the City and County
of Ban Francisco. Etate of California— In the
matter of Honolulu Sugar Company, a cor-
poration, upon Its application for a Judgment
cf dissolution. Notice.— No. 75.2S7. Dept. 10.
Notice la hereby given that Honolulu Sugar
Company. * corporation organized and exist-
ing. under and by virtue of the laws of thn
State of California, and having its offlca and
place of business in the city and county of
Ban Francisco. State of California, has filed
Us application, duly verified and s!gn»4 by a
majority of Its board of directors, address**
to th« Superior Court of the city and county
of Ban Francisco, State of California, pray-
ing for a judgment of dissolution of said
corporation: and that Monday, March 25th.
1901. at 10 o'clock a. m., at tha courtroom of
said court. Department No. 10. in tha City
Hall of the city and county of San Fran-
Cisco, have been appointed as tha day, tlm«
and place for tha hearing of said application.
In witness whereof I have hereunto set my
hand and affixed the official seal of said Su-
perior Court, this 20th day of February, 1WX.
lEe«I] WM. A. DEANE. Clerk.
By E. M. THOMPSON. Deputy Clerk. (In-
dorsed.) Filed Feb. 20. 1M1. WM. A. DEANE.
Clerk, by E. M. THOMPSON. Deputy Clerk.
TYPEWRITERS AXD SUPPLIES^
GRKAT BARGAINS IN TTPEWRITERS^Wa
rell better meahlnes for les» money than any
house in the city: rentals. J3. The Typewriter
Erchanre. KSS California: telephone Main 26«.
J12C0— ONLY J330 carh. balance easy; new
bungalow cottage S rooms, porcelain bath and
latest in everything: cute and cozy; neax
broad-gsuger close to cars, school and busl-
ne»s centers: would cost 13000 to duplicate.
J. fi. MYERS tc CO.. 10C2 Broadway. Oakland.
f;COO FOR a 13000 almost new E-rocm cottage
in East Berkeley, at Dwlght eta tion: sunny
and A No. 1 neighborhood; 2 blocks from
elation; done walks and street complete;
owner ncn-resUcnt; has Instructed me to sell
almost without reserve; eaey terms If de-
cired. J. S MYERS & CO.. 10C2 Broadway.
Oakland.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
TRESSES.
MAN"CT*A*R: elastic stocking". «hould»r braces,
•upoorters mad*, repaired. Merr*. 603 Kearny.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co.. 722 Mission st.;
tel. Main 1S40; shipping at cut rates.
GOLDEN WEST Btoraee Warehouse. 840 Mis-
sion St.: tel. Mint 1821. F. W. ZEHFUS3.
A WEEK'S news for 6 cents— The Weekly Call.
1? pages, in wrapper, for Trailing. Jl per year.
STORAGE AXD WAREHOUSES.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co.,
of flee. Post and Powell sts.; tel. Main 8713.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2320 Fillmore St.; phone Jackson 2S1.
I"OIt sale — A country home: fine grounds; house
of € rooms: 10 minutei" walk of local trains:
on II ay wards electric road. Fruitvale P. O..
box 120.
BOUGHT, eold, rented, repaired; needles and
shuttles; reduced rates. 145 6th: phone Mint 5.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged, re-
paired; open even.; phone Black 1124. 205 4th.
SEVVIXC MACHINES AXD SUPPLIES.
ALL kinds bought, sold and repairing guaran-
teed. Charles Plambeck, 1915 Mission, nr. 15th.
FRIITVALE HKAL ESTATE.
£5rj— . S-ROOM house with latest improve-
ments, including flpctrlc light*; lot 00x165; a
bccnla: beautiful view.
tllOO — 6-room bou!*e: all modern Improve-
ments: lot, Mxir/i; In beautiful Fruit-
vale- terms rvv. Call or a«Mress A. R. PE-
TERSON tc CO. 478 Tenth St.. Oakland.
SHOW CAItnS A\D POSTERS.
EKOW cards, window tickets, posters. DES-
MOND. 1170 Market, r. 1CS. phone Folsom UW.
FRUITY ALE ADVERTISEMENTS
If ATlION GHIFFIN.
TIS Market, rear Call bldg. Tel. Black 1803.
I have a lor.g list of city and country prop-
erty for sale and rxchanpe. Please call.
REALTY TO EXCHANGE.
LATJIES— Chichester English Pennyroyal Pills
are the best: tafe, reliable: take no other;
send 4c stamps for particulars: "Relief for
Ladles" In letter by return mail: at drug-
gists. Chichester Chemical Co., Phlladel., Pa.
BAD tenants ejected for J4: collections mad»;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION CO..
415 Montgnmery «t.. rooms 9-10: tel. KM).
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
16 poeei". in wrapper, for mailing. Jl P«r year.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
WRITE J. W. HORN. 812 Main. Petaluma. for
free ccpy of Sonoma Co. real e6tate bargains.
CHICAGO
THREE DAYS
Sen Francisco At 10 A. M.
¦ Chicago, Union Pacific
& North-IVes'tern Line
Y"\OUELE Draving-T^oom Slttting
I J Cars, Buffet, y making and Library
-*S Cars, ttith barbr. Di-ing Cars—
meals a I* cart*. *Dailv Tourist Car
Service and Personally Conducted Ex-
cursions ivtrv ueek from San Francisco
a: 6 p. m. Tht btsi of everything.
ft. K. RITCHIE
617 Market it. General Agent Pacific Cbatt
Palace Hotel SAX FBAXCISCO
AT 130 v>er acre: choicest level orchard and
rrain land :n State: Enjoins R.R. : easy terms.
Cal. Farm Land Asm.. €16 Examiner bide.
ROO3IS WANTED.
PROFESSIONAL man wants parlor suite
rooms; 15 minutes walk from Emporium. Box
2€27. Call office.
GRAZING or dairy land to lease. 280 acres,
with large outside range. In Humboldt County.
CxlI , for term of years; plenty wood and
water. M. R. JAGER. 110 Taylor et.. S. F.
ROOMS A.\D BOARD WANTED.
WANTED—- Board and room for young lady in
reflned private family: Ban Rafael preferred.
Address B. J.. box 2404. Call.
ROOMS and board; prices reasonable. 413
First Ft.
ROOMS AXD BOARD.
AT the old Stevenson mansion, opp. Grace
Church, with annex SC7 California st.. may
be found a most exceptionally good table, at-
tractive and elghtly rooms at modegt rates.
THE BERLIN. 238 Kearny— Elegant suites;
Uncle rooms; running water: transient.
EUTTKR. 320H — Changed hands; newly reno-
vated; single rooms. J8; suites, J12 to J25 mo.
TAYLOR. 106— Sunny rooms en suite and sin-
gle; $5 month: 23c per night.
AN exceptionally charming, highly improved
and fully equipped SO-acre foothill ranch.' S
rc!!«*s by l»vel road from Napa: only J1S50. N.
1>. t-'I'^knLS— the— LAND AGENT. 6 Gear}'.
Full tale !n Centra Costa County— JO acres;
en attractive country home, highly Improved
• n3 productive, with many natural advan-
tages; superior climate; large and commo-
Ciojs dwelling house. 6 rooms and bath;
rir.all house for workmen and two fine barns:
oat buildings: there are 4!>00 fruit trees of
following varieties: Almond, cherries, prunes,
r^ars. peaches, apricots, orange, quince, per-
Flmmons, plums, apples, olive und fig; trees
eieht year* old and in full bearing; abund-
artre cf rhade trees.
There are several natural eprinc*. also well
and tank of IP. 000 gallons, which «upplie«
houre and grounds ; also a live creek. It Is
f:tuated rot far from the famcus Bancroft
orchard. Terms, JiOOO cash payment, balance
can remain en mortgage for 3 years. Inter-
est at 7 per cent, or would accept good city
or Oakland pror*rty for balance, for fur-
thT rarticulars call on EDWIN W. "WOOD-
WARD. U Mortgcmery Et.. city.
ROTAL Hous*, 126 Ellis— Incandescent light;
reading-room, smoking-room and ladles' par-
lor; rooms, per night, 35c to Jl 60; week, J2 to
$8; month. JS to $30: elevator on ground floor;
rooms with hct and cold water: baths.
ROPEDALE Hous*. 319-321 nills St.— Rooms.
night. ZZc to Jl; week. Jl 25 to J4; open night.
SHERMAN Apartment. House. 2S Eighth »t..
near Market— Furnished or unfurnished.
AN unrrecedented faerifice; 75-room brick hotel
and furniture: Aoir.g immense first-class <J2
a da>> business; cost and worth J50.000; of-
fered for j:6,WK>; lias rented for J4J0; now
run by owner.
N. D. EICKELS. the I.rnd Arent, 6 Geary st
O'FARRELL, 20— Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator; elee. lights; day, wk., mo.
SEW ARLINGTON. 1015 Market St.— Nicely
furnished rooms, 12 a week up; 33c a day up.
MINNA. CC7. corner Elghth-Newly furnished
bay-window room; $1 per week: transient.
LAGUNA. 1129. near Eddy— Sunny furnished
and unfurnished ronms: light housekeeping If
to desired: hot and cold running water.
MARIPOSA. 1169 Mission— N'ewly furnished
*unny rooms. Binsle and suites, from Jl mo.
GRAND SOUTHERN, southeast corner Seventh
and Mission ets. — Sunny rooms, en suite or
elngle; ladies' parlor; reading-room ; elevator.
BJ3&L ESTATE — COBSTHY — For Sale
A QOOD g-rncral farm. ISO acres; 25 cultivated;
btlance wooded hill fenced; liv-
ing Etrea:i); v.-eli; family orchard: residence,
bain, etc.; I'j mile* from two railroad sta-
tions; Sonor.-.a County: S35G0. Only $1100: 10
acrf-s. bordering living Btream: richest level
alluvial end roiling laud: 160 bearing treep;
5-roora residencp, barn. well, etc.; only one
mile from Napa. Remember I'm accurately
acquainted with mcr* country property fcr
sale and exchange than all other agents in
San Kranclseo: SuoO rai,chps nn my liet. State
what's wanted and get reliable descriptions
cf bargains. N, i). S1CKELS, the Land
Apent. 6 Geary et., £an Francisco.
CLAY. 2421. near Fillmore— 2 large unfurnished
upper rooms; nice conveniences; rear; rent J7.
SEART. 1137 — Nev.-ly furnished rooms; hot and
cold water; bath; phone East 233.
CALIFORNIA, 1423U— Unfurnished front and
back parlor, with gas> and bath.
BUSH. 32SH— Double rooms, week, Jl B0 to J3;
single. *1 to Jl r.0; night. 23c to JL
BURNETT. 1428 Market (old No. 1S64) — Fur-
nished rms.. suites, single; also unfurnished.
A— BRUNSWICK HOUSE. 14S Sixth— Rooms
T5c to SI per nigrht: SI K to B per week, and
light housekeeping:; open all night.
I HAVE buyers for lots north of the Park
fjcm Firet ave. to the ocean. W. J. GUNN,
T.CO California st.
|:r05— CHEAPEST horr.e in the city; ro effect
* quirk sale: 4 rooms and stable; well of water
prcxlucs 1000 pallons per day; Ftr«"*t accept-
ed by city; cement fld^walk; plank side en-
trano*; rart oas-h. Call immediately on H.
TV. DAVIS. 413 Twenty-ninth, nr. Sanchez.
T~OTl tli» 4iest located lot» in Richmond and the
thoEr^Ft call on \V. J. Gunn. 530 Ca!!fomia-
MODERN cnttsges and f.ats built; reasonable;
t'.ans furniFhfJ. GEORGE M. BALSBUBT,
bu'lder: office 1^*3 Market et.
JK you have lot* to *»ll north of the Park,
then ra'.l rn W. J. OT*N"N. f.JO California ct.
AHLBORX HOTEL. 821 Grant ave.— Best dol-
lar a day family hotel In city; polite attend-
ance; large rooms; modern conveniences;
rooms EOc up; first-class meals 23c; free coach.
EVERY cn*> comes to me who has lots to sell
north cf the Park; quick sales made. W. J.
OUNX, 520 California et.. between Mont-
gomery and Kea.rr.y.
GO t"-day and see those 7 and 9 room houses
on Clayton ft.. ; blocks sjuth of Haleht;
transfer to Mesnnic-ave. ear and get off at
LISII. 11 Montgomery et.
DIED.
Bucklin. Edward P. McDermott Henrietta
Campbell, Charles P. Mayhew. Alida J.
Conlin. Rita Mikel. Sidney F.
Cosgrove. John Mitchell. Ella
Dence, John O'Malley, Charles
De Rome. Mrs. C. A. O'Rourke, Mary
Doman, Leeslie Patchell, Sarah
Dowd. Lillie Purcell. Edward J.
Forbes. Eileen Remillard: Philip H.
Ganter, Mrs. Julia Thiery. Charles
Kelly, Thomas F. White, Mary A.
Lavorel, Pierre Wilder, Mrs. Isabel
Leeper, Granvllle Zlhn, Abigail A.
McCann. Catherine •
BUCKLIN— In this city. March 11. 1901, Ed-
ward P. Bucklin. a native of Providence, R.
I., azed 75 years.
OTrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors
of Charles J. B. Metzler, 636 Washington
street. Interment Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
CAMPBELL— In this city. March 12, 1901,
Charles P. Campbell, a native of Rhode
Island, agred 54 years 10 months aud 14 days.
CONLIN— In this city, March 13. 1901. Rita,
beloved daughter of James and Mary Conlin.
a native of San Francisco, aged 1 year and 7
months.
COSGROVE— In Oakland, March 12. 1901, at 360
East Twenty-second street. John, beloved
husband of Margaret Cosgrrove, a native of
New Hampshire, aged 64 years 11 months
and S3 days.
ITTFrionds and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
• Friday), at 1 o'clock, from Masonic Temple.
the auspices of Crockett Lodge No. 139, F.
and A. M.
DE ROME— In this city. March 13, 1901, Mrs.
C. A. de Rnmc, mother of Wllferd. Louis,
Albert. George and Louisa de Koine anj
Mrs. W. Corcoran.
DENCE-In this city, March 11. 1901, John
Dence, beloved father of John Dence and
Mrs. William Wlldermuth. a native of Scot-
land, aged 73 years and 3 months.
ICFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
Charles J. B. Metzler, 636 Washington street,
Interment Odd Fellows' Cemetery. '
DOMAN— In this city, March 13. 1901, Lesslie,
beloved son of Henry and Annie Doman, a
native of San Francisco, aged 6 years 10
months and 6 days.
DOWD— In this city. March 14, 1901. Lillie, be-
loved daughter, of Hugh and Margaret Dowd.
a native of San Francisco, aged 2 years 9
months and 6 days. . -
FOKBES— In the City and -County Hospital.
Msrch 13, 1901, Eileen Forbes, a native of
Scotland, aged £3 years. .
GANTE.R— In this city. March 13, 1901. Mrs.
Julia Ganter. beloved wife of the late
Charles A. Ganter, a native of San Fran-
cieco. aged 83 years. - . .
E7Rema!ns at McGinn Bros.' funeral par-
lors. 31 Eddy street.
KELLY— In this city, March 13, 1901, Thomas
F., dearly beloved son of Michael and the
late Mary Kelly, and beloved brother of
Catherine Kally, a native of San Francisco,
aged 2S yeara 2 months and 22 days.
(O^Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 9 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 13 l ,4 Eeideman street, thence to Holy
Cross Church, Eddy street, between Scott
and Devisadero. where a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his eoul.
commencing at 9:20 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
LAVOREL— In Oakland. March 13. 1901. Pierre.
¦ beloved husband of Anastasla Lavorel, and
father of Mrs. Tilley de Mont and Eugene.
Cecile, Gabrtelle and Joseph Lavorel, a na-
tive of France, aged 47 years 6 months and
6 days.
LEEPER— In the City and County Hospital,
March 13. 1901, Granvllle Leeper, a native ot
"West Virginia, aged 62 years.
McCANN— An anniversary requiem mass will
be celebrated for the repose of the soul of
Catherine McCann at St. Joseph's Church,
to-morrow (Friday), at 9 o'clock. Friend*
and acquaintances are respectfully Invited to
attend.
McDERMOTT— In this city, March 12, 1901.
.Henrietta McDermott, dearly beloved wife of
¦\Villlnm McDermott, dearly beloved mother
of Evelyn and Katun McDermott. and sister
of AVilllam O'Brien and the late Mrs. J.
"VVightman, a native of New York, aged 33
years and 1 month.
CyFriendB and acquaintances are respect-
fu'Iy Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), -at 1 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, fca California avenue. Interment Mount
Olivet Cemetery.
MAYHEW— In this city, March 13. 1901. at her
residence. 2114 Howard street. Allda J.. be-
loved wife of William E. Mayhew, and mother
of Jennie, Nannie and Sadie Mayhew, a na-
tive of PitUburg, N. Y., aged 48 years i
months and 1 day. . . •
11^ Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from the Third Con-
gregational Church. Fifteenth street, between
Valencia and Mission. Interment private.
MIKEI»— In Oakland. March 13. 1901. Sidney
F., beloved husband of Mary A. Mlket,
. father of Rosseter Mlkel. son of Mrs. Nancy
Mikel. and brother of Joseph A., James K.
and C. M. Mlkel, Mrs. George P. Burkett and
Mrs. W. H. Hamilton of San Jose, a native,
of North Carolina, aged 48 years.
MITCHELL— In this city, March 13, 190L Ella
Mitchell, a native of Pajaro, Cal., aged 12
years 11 months and 21 days.
O'MALLEY— In this city. March 12, 1901,
Charles, dearly beloved husband of Mamie
O'Malley, father of Gertie, Oracle. Grand-
vill, Evert, Charlotte, Edward and Charles
O'Malley, son of the lat« Thomas and Annie
O'Malley, and son-in-law of Mrs. Mary J.
Fits and nephew of Mrs. J. Fltzslmons, a
native of San Francisco, aged 37 years 9
months and 3 days.
E7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 1:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 1612 Jones street. • thence to St. Fran-
cis Church, where services will be held for
the rerxme of his soul. Interment Mount
Calvary Cemetery.
O'ROURKE— In this city. March 13. 1901, Mary
O'Rourke, dearly beloved mother of John,
Hugh and Richard O'Rourke. Mrs. Annie
Hughes. Mrs. Catherine Hoop, Mrs. Mary
Toomey and Daniel O'Rourke of Birkenhead,
England, a native of County Mayo, Ireland,
ascd 67 years.
TATCHELL— In this city, March 13, 1901,
Sarah, dearly beloved wife of E. Patchell,
and mother of W. E. and T. A. Patchell. a
native of England, aged 62 years 2jjnonths
and 13 days. (Woodstock, N. B., papers
please copy.)
(ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 8 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 700 Ellis street. Interment Masonic
Cemetery. ,
PURCELL— In South San Francisco, March 12,
1S01, Edward Joseph Purcell. dearly beloved
son of> Edward, and Hanora Purcell, .and
brother of Mary. Katie, John.' Maggie' and
Rose Purcell. a native of San Francisco, aged
18 yeara and If days.
BT'Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
nOOMS TO LET— Furn. and Unfnrn.
ARGTLE. The— Ready for occupancy: Just
what yon have been waiting: for; most ele-
pantly ..-rnUhed rooming-house In the city:
parties with references invited to inspect; all
the latest Improvements. McAllister • st,
comer Larkin; rooms shown in the evening.
ROOMS TO LET.
A — For rooms, apartjnenta. housekeeping, fur-
nished, unfurnished, with or without board.
finest la city, see ELDER ROOM RENTING
CO.. 22 Kearny st.. td. 2334 Red.
RCO--3 LOTS. ZSHS each; 2 blocks from elec-
tric cars; 4 blocks from Ocean View, on north
elCe cf Lobos ft.. TCO fen caFt cf Plymouth;
ready to build on; anbr 5c carfare; worth J49y
each. DECKEfi, 1020 Market st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
FUberrlptions has been cEtabllshed at 1096
Valencia et
VAN NESS, 1612 — Klegant sunny alcove, newly
furnished, with connecting dressing room;
also larre sunny room, gentlemen.
MARRIED.
HURBT— IRVINE— In this city. March 12. 1901,
by the Rev. Dr. John A. B. Wilson. John
Richard Hurst and Minnie Irvine, both of
Ban Francisco. -
TWELFTH. 12. near Market— Front furnished
room, with stove, for housekeeping.
THIRD, CT3 — Three sunny unfurnished rooms
for housekeeping; use of bath and washtubs.
TEHAMA. 44—3 housekeeping rooms,
BIRTHS-MARRIAGES-DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be Inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
SCHULZ-In this city, March 12, 1901, to the
wife of Otto Schulz, a daughter.
SOUTH PARK, 144— Sunny suite complete for
Housekeeping.
SIXTH. £41— Sunny front and back parlor for
housekeeping. $10; ringle room with stove. $5.
SHOTWELL. 121. near Sixteenth— 2 furnished
front rooms for light housekeeping; cheap.
SECOND. 212— Furnished housekeeping rooms;
neat, clean and respectable; reasonable.
OCTAVIA. 1403. cor. Geary— Large sunny room
and kitchen complete: also single for two.
MISSION. lC04-Kront bay-window rooms and
kitchen; housekeeping; no children.
Cheapest and choicest lots ever oSered.
On Seventh. Eighth. Nlr.th avenues and K St.
*i-E OUR XEW SUNSET BIX>CKS.
j;co. ?c;o -.o srso.
Only J50 down. $10 monthly.
All Eraded. ready to build on. Splended view of
l'ark j.ud Ocean.
Don't kIes this opportunity fcr bargains.
Eunwt branch effice. Ninth avenue, near H
Etreet. Open every aay and Sunday.
J'.DO to ?t:J— Choice Richmond lots— 110 monthly.
J75. J:00 to J3S0; bert Occsn boulevard lots; JS
monthly; ee'ect them now.
JlCO— Mission lots, rear ccrs; t- mcnth'.y.
JTB3. $:000 to C5.30: modern cottages; Sunset.
JUrhmond or Mission; ail bargains; easy
terms.
£OL GETZ & BROTHER.
Room 54, Chronicle buildine.
MCALLISTER. 331— Upper part house, 3 rooms
and alcove; unfurnished; no children; $18.
Ut.Al. ESTATE — CITY— FOR SALE.
JACKSON. 820, near Mason— Furnished sunny
large front housekeeping rooms. $7 to t&.
LINDEN a\-e., 216. nr. Gough— Large sunny fur-
nished room for one or two. reasonable, for
housekeeping.
HOWARD. $22—2 newly furnished housekeep-
ing rooms: hot, cold wat. ; separate yard: $16.
HARRISON. 73;.— Front and back parlor fur-
nished for housekeeping; large yard; rent *13.
f ravMciAya amj bdblgboxs.
iCwH Market gt.. between Sixth and Seventh.
I R. WONG HIM. herb doctor, successfully
tn«ta c.l diseases of the human body: Kee
wy.mpnials nt office. 115-117 Muon. nr. Ellis.
MABRIAGE LICENSES.
• The following marriage licenses -were Issued
yesterday:
Accureio Manlscalco, 32. 407 Francisco Btreet.
and Giovanna Gerardi, 24, 420 Francisco street.
Francis Green. 40. 2495 Mission street, and
Sarah Plttsen. 40. 1016 Mason street.
Charles N. Johnston, 32. 726 Mission street,
and Alice M. Hodgklnson. 1 24, Los Angeles.
Timothy Hayes, 45, 324 McAllister street, and
May L. Burke, 25. 422 Fell street.
John A. McGowan. 29. 43S Fifth street, and
Josephine Malley. IS. 79 Converse street.
George S. Hale, 25. 145S Sacramento street,
and Lucy F. McLalne, 25, 1907 Stockton street.-
William C. Ross, 65. Los Angeles, and Chloe
Bowen. 62. Los Angeles.
George M. EiFen. M, «4915 California street,
and Jcannette Andrews, 19, 13 Johnson avenue.
Douglas R. Blackloclt, 41, city, and Leoni I.
Barr, "JL city.
Johiuw. Walnwright.. 48, St. Louis, Mo., and
Sallie B. Talbot. 24. Columbia. Mo.
Angelo Lercari, 23, city, and Maria Glussl.
20. city.
GUERRERO, 305— Furnished bedroom and par-
lor: pie no; use of kitchen & bath; porch: $14.
GOLDEN GATE ave.. »1J— Unfurnished rooms;
no children.
GEARY, 861— Two and three rooms; housekeep-
ing: sms range-; running water.
EITERFLUOUS hair and moles destroyed with
riectrie need'.e. MISS KATON. His Sutter tt
Vll. LAMOTTE'S Krrnch Corn Paint, the beat
corn cur*: I£c: all druggists.
AUFBEDCXa Egypticp Henna: restores rray
hp.ir xo It? natural c.-k.r; SI: at all druesi*ts.
FRANKLIN. 202, nr. Hayes— Sunny furnished
room; use of kitchen for light housekeeping.
ELECTRIC !lg"t !a every room— Winchester
Hotel. U Third Ft., near Market: 700 rooms-
rrc to 5 T-C per night; Jl B0 to $6 p*r wetk;
free 'bus and bapgafc-e to and from the ferry.
FOLSOM. 8S0— 2 connecting, sunny rooms for
housekeeping, Ti-lth yard.
(ymrstnm vs 5's'<nnryg"yTrgTnrg'gy>
O . o
o o
I LIKE THE I
I WHIRLWIND I
> You go on the ©
5 CALIFORNIA °
g LIMITED
c but you ride gently %
S as the breeze £
o San Francisco °
o to Chicago o
.% In 75 hours %
> on the «
I SANTA FE j
£» Leaves San Francisco °
S at 9.00 a. m. daily. I
So \ o
ij> 0 o 0.0.Q..Q. 0 _q.fl_qjLff_o_q g p ffpoo o o o^
•OUTIIKU!! IMCinC COMPANY.
(PACIFIC STSTIU.)
Trains !*»>• nn.l ««••> tin* (• nrrlf. m%
& MAM riUNVHro. ,
V (Main Line, Foot of Market Street)
lkavi — Frou March 14. 13CI. - axut*
7:00 a Martinez. Saa Rtmon, V»llejo. Napa,
Ualiatoga »ml H&nta Rom «:23r
7t3OA BenicU. aiilauu, Elmir», Vac»'Ule,
RtunMT »nd Sacramento 7:33f
\ Ti30* D»vK Woodland, Knighti Lkndlof,
Marji'ille, oro.lile. 7tSS»
"i3O» Atlantic Kxpresa — <><den and East lSiSSr
8:OOa Nllei. LiTenuoro, Tncr, l*tkroj>,
x Stockton 7:33*-
•:30a Eh&sta Expr«a-D»Tii WlUiaias (for
Bartlett Springs), Willows, Bad
Bluff. PorUaud. 7>33r
• ::!•* San Jma, Llformore, Stockton, ,
lone, tiacramentn. FUcrrVUle.
>Urj»»iIlr, Chico, He.l lilull 4iS3r
¦:3Ua Oakdilc, Chinese, Honors, Carters... 4:23r
11:00* Hsjwuilt, Nile* and Way Stations. 1 Is33a
U:i»o a Los Angeles Express — Martinez,
< : * Tracy. Lathrop, Mtoektoo. Merced
Treauo and Los Angeles 7iS3 p
V::tO a Valli'Jo. Martiuri ami W«r Stations »i53r
1 0 :oo a The O»erl»ml Limited— Ogdeo. Den-
tor, Omaha. Chlcaji 0i3Sf
I 11:00a Nilrs. Stockton. Maeramento, Men-
i dot*. Fresno, tlaaford. VU»1I».
PorterTiilo 4iS3r
> 1 1:00a LiTermore, 8ang«r, Goshen Juuo-
; tion, Bikenfield. Lcs Angeles
fl:OOp Sucrameuto KWer Mteaaiei* f 3 ' 00 *
8iu«»r li-uicla. Winters, ftaeraiuenko,
; WtxMlla.nl, Knights l*udi»c
: M.rj ••ill... Ofovllla 10:0.1a,
fliOOr Hajwarda. Nile* and Way Stations. Si33r
4iUOp Miutlurr, Hail itamoii, Vullejo,
Maps, C.ilUt.oi:*. Hunt* Itou . VitSA
04:OOp Suniet limited, El Paso, Stw
Orleans and Kaet «11i23a
4:OOrThe Owl IJmtted— Tracy. Frrtno.
' Bakeredeltl. Mangns for aaiita Bar-
i liara, IjOS Aoiceles • 1I:S3\
t JinOFHsynrds, Mlo» and 8tn Jose tA:33A
S:OOp Kew Orlranv Express— KakarsAsM.
1 HuiU lUrliata. Los Angeles. Dom-
ing, El Paso, Mew Oileaus aud
, Kant 7.3.1a.
5:00r Mies. Lirermore, Stockton. Lodl.... 10*33*
i O:«M»r Howards, Jiilea and S»n' Jos« ?i33*
tfliOOr Vallejo Ill334
: S:Our Oriental Mail— Ogtlen. Cheyenne.
Omaha. Cbloago 13:33»
O:OOr Oriental Mail— Ogden. DenTer.
Omaha, Chictxo 4:33r
7:00p Oregon and California Kxnrens.Hao-
rmiipiitii. Marjsfllle. UeiMlng.
I'ortl.n.1. I'.iget Mi,n..d ami Kut »iMl
Sia.ip San Pablo. Pott Costa. Martiaes
a. i.l Way rjtatlons HiSSa
1H:05p ValHn..... 7t3.->y
COAST DIVISION (Narrow (;»n;e).
[ (Footot M.rket Street. I
»:l"u Newark. CVntrr»illp.S»n. I o»e,F«>lton,
BonlderCn-ek.^aiitaOriizand Way
HUtliitm Oi30j»
fSilSr Newark CenterTille. San .Inse, Naw
Alouulen, Fulton. llmiMer Creek,
Santa Crus and Principal Way
Stalloim.... ,.. 1l«iM*
; 4 tl.ip Newark, Han Joae, Ix>s Gatos 8:."H>»
I a9:30p Hnnters' Ezeonlon, San Joss and
j Way Stations tWl»
CREEK ROUTE TERRY.
rrtmStl rRlICISCO— fut *f Hi(k»t Sltitl {Silt »)—
17:13 0.00 lliOOi.tf. 1:C3 3:33 3:15r.M.
fuai0aUll9-fnl«f3riJJ»»j.-frt:OO (3:00 f3;03
1000 «.M. 12:03 8:03 1:33 P.M.
COAST IM YIN I ON (RraailllaiiKd).
j (•|hlril»mrrownnefMlSt'«.)
t«:IOA Ocean View, South Man fpkndtcn.. |tfi3Or
~iOOASai> Jose ami Way 8Utti>n* (Net* ¦- •
Almaileii VVe.lnemUj* ynly) !•>•*
• iOOa Kan .lose. Tim Pinoa, Muita f'rnx.
Pacific liro»«. Vnnn Itnhles. San
Luis Olilnpo, Hiirf, Lompoc and "' ;¦-.'"•
l*rineipal War Htatl.ms 4i!«*
lmi»A San .lose and Way Station*. Ma.'M*
IIi3<tA San Jnaa ami W«j Hutlom 3i:ii>r
tas-tSp Han Matro. Itcdwoo<>. Menlo Park.
Palo Alto, Santa Clara. San Jnne,
Tres Pino*. .Santa Cruz, Saliuaa.
Monterey ami I'aeille Grufe IIOiSAa
* S:.inp San Josa ami Wm» MUtlmii ?:»»p
Hil-V 8»n Joieaii.l Principal Way Station* 9:43a
13:UOp3an Joss. Los Gatos aud PrluCJIpal
Way .Stations.... f*:O»A
S:3Op San Jnse ami Principal Waf Stations *:3.1.a
fl : nop8an Jose ami Way Stations f*:"<»A
qlla4.1r 9an Jc«»»ml Way SUtlonii ?»3l>r
A for Morning. -P for Afternoon,
t Hnmta* etrnpf rft. J bmiday only.
g Mondiya, Wednesday*, Fridays.
cTwtdsys. Tkundars, daad»ys.
a Saturday only, , -— .
CALIFORNIA NORTQ¥tSTEBH fil. Ca
%m FRANCISCO AND NiSTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlburon Ferry. Foot of Market £t>
• Smn Francisco Ca San Rafael.
TIBTJRON FERRT— FOOT OF MARKET dT.
WEEK DAYS— 7:30. »:00. U:0O a. dj.; 13:33. 3:30,
5:10. 6:30 p. m. Thursday*— Extra trip at 11:30
p. m. Saturdays— Extra, trips at 1:30 and
11:30 p. m.
SlTNDAYS-S:0O. »:30. 11:00 a. m.; 1:80. •.»,
5: CO. 6:20 p. m.
ojtii ..:i.uil to San Francisco.
WEEK DATS-«:». 7:50. 9:20. 11:10 a. m.; C:ti.
3:40. 5:10 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at l.ii
and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS-3:10. >:«, 11:10 a. m.; 1:40. Z.1O.
5:05. 6:25 p. in.
Between San Francisco and Scbnetzen Park.
ianM schedule za above.
Leave I In Effect I ArrlT»
San Frandgea [Xov. 7. 13C0-I San Francisco. __
Week I Sun- I 1 Sun- j Wwk
Day s. I days. [ Destination. I days. 1 Days.
7:30 am 8:00 am Novato. 10:40 am S:40ar>
J:30pm 9:30 am PeUluma. 8:05 pm 10:25 am
6:10 pm 5:00 pm Santa Rosa. 7:35 pm 6:23 pro
Fulton.
7:30 an Windsor, 10:35 am
Healdsburs.
Dytton.
Geyservllle.
8:30 pm 8:00 am Cloverdale. 7:35 pm 6:23 pm
~Tizt> ami I Hopland i I
I 8:00 am[ and Ukiah. [ 7:35 pm| <:S pm
7:30 am 10:23 am
8:00 am Guernevllle. 7:35 pm
8:30 pm VJ2 ym
7:30 am 8:00 am Scncma 9:15 am 8:40 am
and
5:10 pm 5:00 pm Glen Ellen. 6:05 pm 6:23 pm
7:30 am) «:0O ami 110:40 am|10:2S am
3:30 pm| 5:00 pm| Sebaatopol. | 7:35 pm| 6:22 pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs and White Sulphur Springs; at Fulton
for Altnirla; at Lytton for Lytton Springs ; at
Geyservllle for Skaggs Springs; at Cloverdale
for the Cey*er>; at Hopland for Duncan
Springs. Highland Springs. Kelseyrtlle, Carls-
bad Springs. Soda Bay. Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs; at Uklah for Vichy Springs. Saratoga
springs, Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake. Witter
Springs. Upper Lake. Pomo, Potter Valle/,
John Day's. Riverside. Lierley't Dncknell's.
Sanhedrin Heights. Hullvllle. Orr's Hot Springs,
Mendocino City. Fort Bragg. West port. Usal.
Willetts. Laytonville.* Camming*. Bell's Springs.
Harris. Oisens. Dyer. Scotia and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates.
On Sundays, round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket office, 6S0 Market it.. Chronicle build-
In*. R. X. RYAN.
H. C. WHITINO. Gen. Pass. Agt.
Gen. Manager.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
Via Sa jujto Ferry— Foot of Market St.
! lv. s*n »»«». H.'sm »«»«.
1:45 r. x. V WEEK DAYS „ <:;3 p M
4:00r. w.) Stay over nisbtattbeTAVxn^ (10:35«.m.
8:00a.m. > f 1:00 p.m.
i 1:15 r. u.) • • I 5:55 r.u.
Tare. S»n Francwcn to Summit and Return. 1 1.4».
Ticket Offices. 621 Market St.. A Sansallto Ferry.
/^%. Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
ffSSrSS^fkln I"t5» tor the tn^atment of Privat*
UaAa^mM Diseases, I^>><t ilanbood. Debility or
iffeBKNS^fcrt^ras" wearlnenn body and mtn<! and
Z^£M]QKSMSkln Diseases. The Doctor cures when
J«K£§SiW nth «" ' al1 - TrT hlro - Charges low.
!Sf?^-a2{aVtfT|1'iirr- rnnTrtr'TT- 1 Call or writ*.
X»r. J. *\ U I UBO.N, Ban Francisco, Cai _ •
DIVIDEND notice— Dividend No. 89 (twenty-
five cents per share) of the Hutehinson Su-
gar Plantation Co. will be payable at the
office of the company, 327 Market st., on and
after WEDNESDAY. March 20. 1901. Trans-
fer books close on Thursday, March 14. 1901,
at 3 o'clock p. m.
G. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
rEIlSOXALS Continued.
Jl WEEKLY: eults to order from genuine
Scotch. :.." up: fine dress suits. $20 up; de-
cant overcoat*. SIR IA LEON LEMOS. 1117
Market »t.. between Seventh and Klghth.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
EDDY, 833—2 large connecting rooms; newly
papered; private residence; no children.
ELLIS. 621— Nicely furnished front room, com-
plete for housekeeping; gas stove; (10.
fully invited to attend tha funeral this day
(Thursday), at 1 o'clock, from the residence
of his Darents, 2022 Fifteenth avenue, be-
tween R and S streets south, thence to All
Hallows' Church, N street and Sixteenth
¦ avenue south. South San Francisco, for ser-
vices. Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery-
REMILLARD-In this city, March 12, 1901.
Philip H., beloved son of P. N. and Cordelia
Remillard, and brother of Emma and Lil-
lian Remillard. a native of Oakland. - Cal..
aged 32 yeara 9 months and 18 days.
(E7"Frierids are respectfully Invited to at-
tend ' the funeral services to-morrow (Fri-
day), at 2 o'clock, at the residence of the
patents, 654 Thirteenth street, Oakland. In-
terment strictly private. Please omit flow-
ers.
THIERT— In this city, March 13, 1901, Charles
Thiery, dearly beloved son of Charles Sr. and
Jane Thiery, a native of San Francisco, aged
1 da:-.
WHITE— In Alameda, March 13. 1901. Mary
Alison White, aunt of Mrs. Walter N. Haw-
ley of Santa Barbara, ased 91 yeara and 19
days.
|E7"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday) at 10 o'clock, from the residence of
Mrs. Foftman, 82S Taylor, avenue. Interment
Laurel Hill Cemetery. San Francisco. .
WILDER— In this city. March 13. 1901, at the
Hotel St. Nicholas, Mrs. Isabel Turner
AVIIder. wife of the late Theodore S. Wilder
of Brooklyn. N. Y., and sister of Mrs. A. M.
Peterson of Santa Cruz. Mrs. Lucy E. Card
and Mrs. B. A. Osborn of Watsonville and
Mr Joseph Knowlton of San Francisco, a
native of Augusta, Me. (Brooklyn, N. T.,
paper3 please copy.)
E7"Interment Brooklyn, N. T.
ZIHX— In this city. March 13, 1901, Abigail A.,
beloved wife of Andreas Zlhn. a native of
Haverhill. Mass., uged 57 years 10 months
and 21 days. (Boston papers please copy.)
CyFuneral and interment private.
ST DOMINIC S Church Building: Association—
The monthly requiem high mass for the de-
ceased members of St. Dominic's Church
Building Association, and for the parents and
relatives of living members, will be suns in
St. Dominic's Church this day (Thursday),
at 9 o'clock.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND Notice— Dividend No. 19 (twenty-
five cents per share) of the Kilauea Sugar
Plantation Company will be payable at the
office of the,company, 327 Market St.. on and
after Friday. March 15, 1901. Transfer books
will close Saturday. March 9. 1901, at 12
o'clock m. E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
RAILWAY TBAVEL.
OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
Santa Fe
Trains— Daily.
Leave Market-Street Ferry Depot.
Local Llm'd Ovrl'd Loral
Dally. Daily- Daily. Dally.
Lv. San Fran 7:20 a 9:00 a 8:00 p 4:20 p
Ar. Stockton. 10:25 a 11:45 a 11:05 p 7:23 p
11 Merced .. 12:23 p 1:17 p 1:15 a
" Fresno .. 2:20 p 2:35 p 3:05 a
" Hanford 4:22 p 3:27 p 7:0« a
•* Vlsalia . 4:10 p 4:10 p 4:45 a
•• Tulare .. 4:27 p 4:27 p 6:05 a r.
" Bksfleld 6:50 p 6:20 p 7:30 a
•• Kan. Cty 2:41 a 7:30 a „
" Chicago •.. 2:15 p 9:00 p
a for morning, p for afternoon.
9:00 a. m. train Is the California Limited.
Carrying Palace sleeping Cars and Dining
Cars through to Chicago. Chair Car runs
to Bakersfleld for accommodation of local
first class passengers. No second class
tickets are honored or. this train. Cor-
responding train arrives at 5:55 p. m. daily.
4:20 p. m. is Stockton Local. Correspond-
ing train arrives at 11:05 a. m. dally.
8:C0 p. m. Is the Overland Express, with
through Palace and Tourist Sleepen and
free Reclining Chair Car. also Palace
Sleeper, which cuts out at Fresno. Corre-
sponding train arrives at 5:55 p. m. dally.
I 7:20 a. m. Is Bakersfleld Local, stopping
at all points In San Joaquln Valley. Corre-
sponding train arrives at 8:40 a. m. dally.
Offices— 641 Market street and In Ferry
Depot. San Francisco; HIS Broadway, Oak-
land.
Folders Tell all
About Them.
• Call at this office and
ask the ticket agent for
a folder descriptive of
the Burlington Oven-
land Excursions. It
contains a map of the
United States, time
tables, illustrations of
the exterior and the in-
terior of Burlington
tourist sleeping cars, as
well as a great deal of
information likely to
be of value to persons
contemplating an east-
ern trip. It's free, of
course.
The Burlitjgton Overland Excur-
sions leave San Francisco Tues-
days and Thursdays — Omaha,
Chicago. Kansas City, St. Louis —
EVERYWHERE East.
"W§|fiTCf ||#] 631 Market Street, f. You never have a head in the morning from
drlnklnr Jesse . Moore "AA" whiskey. Try it. I
/ George Murphy.' 23^ Moss .street, swore
'to 5a complaint in Judge Conlan's ¦ court
yesterday for the arreat of Willmer Har
ris on a charge of assault , to murder.
Murphy and HaMs wer« at a party given
by: a friend -on. Silver- street on. the night
of February. 24, and they quarreled about,
a young lady,; who .was ore of the cueste
During the quarrel Hurria stabbed Mur
phy over the heart- and-' the '.last named
was confined in the City and County. Hos
pital until yesterday. -
Fight at Party Over Girl.
Bay City Club Bouts.
Tho Bay City Athletic Club will hold its
monthly boxing exhibition in its club
rooms -at 320 O"Farrell street jto-morrow |
evening. Manager Crowley has prepared
an excellent card. The main events will
be between Jack McCarthy and "Nobby"
Otts and Frank Neal and "Spike" Wal
lace. - The balance of the card Is as fol
lows: "Young" Snallham vs: "Young"
McFaddcn, "Kid" Corvin vs. Jerry Mitch
ell, Mike Curtain vs. "Cyclone" Kelly.
Oeorge - Doherty va. ¦ Ed Tillson. "Jack"
McCormick vs. Frank Dillon, "Jack" Mc-
Ginnis vs. Tody Everett. James Me-
Doavitt ¦will: referee all bouts. J. Jen
nings and James Griffith will act as
JUUgC3. ". .
Father.
The Board of Health is preparing to do
port a boy leper name-i Lucien Coulon to
Papeete, from which p'ace ho was brought
with his father some seven weeks ago.
Tho father arrived here with his son on
the Tropic Bird and has been in the cara
of a family during that time.
The Health Board made an effort to
send the boy back on one of the Oceanic
steamers, but the steamship authorities
refused to take him as n passenger, rtj
will be sent to the Pesthouso to-day until
such t'.me as the Tropic Bird, which is
now. on the way from Tahiti, will sail
back again for that port. The leprous lad
is. but 10 years of age and his disease Is
pronounced to be. of the tubercular
variety. _ ¦ *i >;
HEALTH BOARD WILL
DEPORT A BOY LEPER
He Is Ten Years Old and Was Brought
From Papeete by His
SUPKEME COURT MAKES
MANY NEW ATTOENEYS
Thirty-Five Applicants Are Success
ful in the Examination and .
Will Get Licenses.
Forty-four aspirants for the privilege
of practicing in the courts of this State
appeared before the Commisisoners of the
Supreme Court on Wednseday last, and
nine failed to come up to the require
ments. The following named successfully
passed the examination: •
Otto Reimer, Rolan Beesey. William S. Wall,
J. L. Grlgsby, Charles Quayle, J. T. Bur
cham. W. J. Connell. John M. Batchelder.
Alexander Cordell, 1« Kaufman. William S.
Angwin, George H. Moore, George T. Thomp
son, UeorgoK. Ford, Gforgo'D. Perry, Roy
S. Bartlett. Willis Lynch. II. E. Methever.
Alban. E. Wray. A. B. Kawson, Edmund \V.
Madden. Carl Pearson. Krnest S. Page, Jame*
A. Mackenzie, Francis St. J. Fox, S. C.
Glover, Charles Pickler, Thomas D. Cole
stock, Charles O. Strong, Charles H. Bray
nard. Charles Murcell, WlRglnton Creed. .
Franklin P. Nutting. Frank W. Morrison and j
Edwin R. Zlon. . . 1
"I never made a mistake In, my work
In all my life." said Kytka. "and in 100
Jury cases I was declared wrong in onlv
two cases, and then the Jury was a politl-
C3.1 one ,
- Police Officer Bryan, who arresfert
which had been found in the prisoner's
possession when he was arrested by the
authorities In the State of Utah -
Captain of Detectives Seymour testf
fied that last Friday he had a conversal
*!°J?"'*3 th ... th J? P^soner -and -that Cooper
had admitted being responsible for the
pending, of the telegram .in the name of
M S;'i Sc^ neld ,l r - but would not admu
writing it. The witness also stated that
Cooper had tried to find out what h"
sentence would be if he entered a plea of
guilty to the charges against him ¦
».i } th P 011 ! 1 .! 116 hearing went over uni
til to-day at 2:30 p. m.. when the attorney
J-^ defendant .will make a motion ti
Kytka Never .Made a Mistake.
Theodore Kytka, handwriting expert
testified that the original telegram handed
In at the branch office of the Western
L « nl0I 3, £ om P an y on February 23 and
signed Marie Schneider was in the same
handwriting as the signatures signed by
the prisoner to the documents drawn ud
by Attorney Humphreys and identical to
the letter sent by "Chadwick" to the
palmist a few days ago. -
Attorney Murphy sought to break down
the testimony of Kytka, but failed to
do so.
Misa A. j.| Birch, an operator for the
Western Union Telegraph Company, tes
tified to having sent a telegram from San
Francisco to Vallejo Junction on Febru
ary 23. The telegram sent by witness was
the same as the one produced in evidence
Laura Germaine, a palmist, was called
to the witness stand and told , how two
days ago she, received a letter from Dr.
Ernest Moore Chadwick aBklng her to
call at the City Prison and read his palm
The witness identified the letter, which
was produced in evidence.
Attorney Humphreys told of how he
had been requested by Mrs. Schneider to
send cablegrams to England to test the
assertions of Cooper as to the estate ho
claimed an Inheritance from. The first
cablegram was sent to the High Court of
Chancery, and the reply showed that no
such branch of the English courts exist
ed. Cooper, however, stated to the wit
ness that an error had been made In send
ing the message and that it should have
been sent to the "Probate Court." An
other cablegram was sent and before an
answer was received Cooper had sent a
message to Miss Schneider purporting to
be from her mother. Immediately after
the couple were married.
Attorney Humphreys detailed how pa
pers had been drawn up by him by which
a large sum of money was settled on
Cooper's future wife, the money to come
from Cooper's alleged Inheritance.
Witness detailed how on February 23
Cooper and Mrs. Schneider were in his
office and that Mrs. Schneider denounced
Cooper as a fraud.
Trying to Traca the Estate.
ness stand. She testified to the receipt
of a telegram by her sister on February
23 and that it purported to come from her
mother. The witness said that on the
strength of the telcpram her sister Nora
went away with Cooper to get married
and that she did not return until after
Cooper was arrested at Ogden.'
The evidence of Mrs. Schneider showed
that Cooper had gone so far as to issue
cards of invitation three weeks before the
wedding and that she had called him to
account for so doinjj. The witness denied
however, that she had given a positive
consent to the wedding; all she had done
was to hold out hopes.
Miss E. Schneider, sister of Cooper's
young wife, was then called to the wit-
The witness was badly rattled on cross
examination and was forced to admit that
she had allowed Cooper to fix a date for
the wedding to her daughter, but "only
if everything was all right."
Chadwick to her and her daughter and
told stories of a large inheritance coming
to him from England. The witness said
that she had doubted the truth of Coop
er's assertions and had asked Attorney
Humphreys to cable to England to lind
out. if there was such an estate as Cooper
had claimed existed
ier. Mrs. Schneider told how Cooper had
¦assed himself off <>.-s Dr. Ernest Moore
PRINCIPAL ACTORS IN THE PRELIMINARY EXAMINATION OF
HARRY WESTWOOD COOPER. ALIAS DR. ERNEST MOORE CHAD
WICK, WHICH BEGAN YESTERDAY BEFORE JUDGE FRITZ.
Assistant District Attorney Whiting ap
peared for the people and the prisoner
«as defended by Attorney Frank Murphy.
The afternoon was taken up with show
ing how Cooper had pent a forged tele
*rram. in the name of Mrs. M. Schneider
to her daughter Nora and that the youn^
lady had been induced to marry the pris
oner in consequence of having recefved
the supposed message from her mother.
The witnesses ranged from telegraph ope
rators, railroad men and attorneys to ex
perts of handwriting and a palmist.
T. H. Reynolds, local manager of th*»
Western I'nion TeKsrrapH Company, was
the first witness called. He testified to
certain telegrams having passed from the
main office in this city to Valiejo Junction
on February 23 last.
Miss J. A. Smith, an operator for the
Western Union Telejrraph Company, tes
tified that she had received a telegram on
February 22 at the branch office. 100 Jlar
k«t street. The witnebs could not identify
the prisoner as the party who handed in
the telegram, but said that the writer was
"an ordinary sized man." She identified
the original telegram and told how she
had sent it on the relay wire to the main
office of the company. Miss Smith stated
that it was sent "rush" as requested.
The message was us follows:
The prisoner presented a natty appear
ance, bin beneath the surface could be
detected the anxietr of the "old timer"
¦who fear.s the yawning of prison doors.
Before Judge Fritz took his 6eat Cooper
glanced with a /elf-satisfied smile upon
the many pretty women who focused
their eyes upon him. but with the intro
duction of the strong evidence against
him he concentrated his attention on the
witnesses and frequently consulted his at
torney.
Gazed At by Pretty Women.
Cooper was dressed in a suit of black,
long Prince Albert coat, black derby hat.
immaculate linen, dainty pink tie and car
ried a pair of black kid gloves in his hand,
i DC garments and other articles of dress
were mostly relics of the time previous
to Mi last conviction and banishment to
San Quentin.
throrg and the services of a dozen police
offieers were required to maintain order.
Old and young men and women, people
of Ftandinc in the community and people
of Ill-repute crowded through the doors,
all anxious to secure a look at the ex
oonvict who had duped an innocent girl
into marriage by stories of his wealth
and social standing within a few days of
his discharge from San Quentin Prison.
Welch's ceculatlons to be very large and
had reported the matter to the American
Ticket Brokers' Association that Welch
might be blacklisted and be unable to fln«i
employment in any office of the American
Ticket Brokers' Association.
The case of Charles H. Smith vs. Cali
fornia Safe Deposit and Trust Company
and C. K. King as administrator of the
estate of J. W. Smith, deceased, is \>n
trial In the United States Circuit Court.
The action was brought about a year ago
to determine the ownership of 304 bonds
of the railroad company of the par value
of $1000 each. The bonds are in the pos
session of the Safe Deposit Company,
awaiting the order of the court. The
plaintiff claims the bonds as his personal
property, while King contends that they
belong to the estate.
Testimony., in the case had been taken
by United States Court Commissioner
Heacock, who reported to .United States
Circuit Judgo Morrow his findings that
the bonds belonged to the estate. But a
new complexion has since been given to
the case by the production on the part of
the plaintiff, who is a son of the deceased
J. W. Smith, of the following assignment:
OAKLAND, Cal., August 14. 1S33.
For value received t hereby sell, deliver and
assign to C. II. Smith all the bonds which I
own of the California and Nevada Railroad
Company, belnc 301 In number, all of J1000
each, including the order and the requisition
on the Central Investment Company for seven
ty-five of the said bonds, subject to the option
given to F. M. Smith, which I also assign to
C. H. Smith. J. W. SMITH.
The Introduction of this assignment
practically reopens the case In the Cir
cuit Court, and the whole of yesterday's
session was spent in examining experts
as to the signature of J. W. Smith, the
contention being made by the opposition
that the signature on the assignment was
not genuine. The taking of testimony will
bo resumed thi3, morning.
Dispute Over Genuineness
of Signature to an
Assignment.
HUT OF FORGERY
IN SMITH CASE
Railroad men claim that Newman will
not prosecute Welch, but will let the mat
ter drop. LJndrrberger. however, stated
before he left the city that ho had found
Welch is well known In this city and
has been employed in cut rate railroad
ticket offices for a number of years. He
was also known as a patron of the Cours
ing Park and at one time had political
aspirations. He gained notoriety two
years ago when he mysteriously disap
peared with a cash box of the San Mateo
Coursing Association. Newman was heav
ily interested in this park, and when
Welch reappeared he Immediately re
sumed his work in the Newman ticket
office.
S. Newman, the head of the firm of
Newman & Co., said yesterday that he
had nothing to say about the Welch mat
ter. He admitted, however, that Welch
was no longer with the firm.
amount of money which did not belong to
him.
F. A. Linderberger, an expert, who was
sent out under orders of Secretary Carter
of the American Ticket Brokers' Associa
tion to look over Newman & Co.'s books,
after a hasty investigation says that
Welch committed peculations that 1 will
run into a large amount of money.- The
expert left last night for the East, but
before going he said in an interview that
Welch had opened letters belonging to the
firm that he was employed by and that
In a number of ways he had taken a large
A sensation was created among the rail
road ticket brokers yesterday by the with
drawal of Mike Welch, one of the best
known clerks !n tHe business, from New
man's cut rate office at 634 Market street.
MIKE WELCH RETIRES FROM NEWMAN'S OFFICE
AND HE WILL PERHAPS BE PUT ON BLACKLIST
The premises at No. 534 Castro street
were rented as an additional class room
for the Douglass School.
The rules were amended so that a teach
er must hereafter serve- a probationary
term of three years before oeing perma
nently elected into the dpartment.
A leave of absence was granted to Miss
Tillie McCarty of the Lincoln Grammar
School from April 1, 1901, to beginning of
fall term.
The five classes in stenography in the
commercial department of the Lincoln
Evening- School were consolidated into
four classes, and Angelo Byrne was dis
missed.
Under suspension of rules, permission
was given the Annuity Association to
hold a May day festival.
Miss M. F. Mooney, number one on the
substitute list, was assigned to the Doug
lass Primary School (new class).
Miss N. Krb, number one of the umis
signed day list, was placed on the substi
tute list.
The board was unable to agree upon the
selection' of a principal for the Cooper
Primary School. At the last meeting
there was a deadlock, easterly and Mark
votinrj for Miss Nora Sullivan and Kln
caid and Denman for Miss Jessie ;3mith.
Five more ballots were tcken yesterday,
but the deadlock was not broken.
Attorney Mlze addressed the board with
a petition that I^iitln bo taught In the
Polytechnic High School. The Directors
were not favorable to the proposition, but
Superintendent Webster stated that thore
were sixty pupils who desired to take the
course. President Kincaid then said she
would investigate as to whether Latin
could be introduced without Interfering
with other studies.
The Board of Education yesterday de
clined to accept the decision of the Su
perior Court ordering the reinstatement
of Mrs. ivlary Mead Morrissey to her posi
tion in the department. A resolution was
adopted requesting the City Attorney to
take an appeal to the Supreme Court.
Mrs. Morrissey, who was formerly Miss
Mead, was deprived of her position by the
board because she married. Superintend
ent Webster held that a teacher was ap
pointed with the understanding that she
agreed to obey the rules of the board.
Now, one of the rules is that a teacher
who marries while in the department loses
her position. Webster held that this was
a vital point, which Judge Murasky had
not touched upon, and that the Supreme
Court should pass upon it.
Refuses to Obey Court Order
V to Reinstate Married
Teach«r.
BOARD APPEALS
FROM DECISION
"I'm glad to be rid of the woman," said
the Klondike millionaire. "AH I want
now is my furtniture back. She got more
money out of me than I dare tell, but I
have still some left and am going back In
the spring to the Klondike and will no
doubt make more. My ex-wife is not in
town. She has gone down to Los Angeles,
where she Is known once more as Grace
Drummond."
Anderson is the owner of several valu
able claims in the Klondike, and his name
is good on 'change for a sum not exceed
ing a unit and six ciphers. In June, 1S99,
he wooed and won Grace Drum
mond, an "actress," who with her
sisters was doing a turn at the Dawson
Variety Theater. It was a hasty
wooing ' and progressed with unusual
rapidity, aided by the encouraging tinkle
of the gold nuggets Anderson flung at the
feet of the charmer. At the end of six
days of wedded bliss Grace Anderson sud
denly discovered that the severity of a
Dawson winter would mean loss of health
to h,er, and her doting husband let her
come to this city to remain until summer
came round again. Grace asked for $16,
000 for her traveling expenses and she got
it. She came to town, bought things and
asked for more money. This Interesting
programme was kept up until the lady
had obtained about $150,000 of her million
aire husband's Klondike gold, and then
she brought suit for a divorce. The di
vorce was granted on the 8th of March,
and Anderson says that when he gets his
furniture back lie is done with Actress
Grace Drummond forever.
On the Sth of March Anderson lost his
wife through the . medium of the divorce
'court. When the legal separation was
granted it was decided that the hushand
should have the home located at 721 Ash
bury street and all its gorgeous fur
nishings. On Saturday, when Anderson
went to take possession of the house, he
found It in a condition not calculated to
inspire thoughts of home comforts. All
the furniture was gone, the linen had
disappeared, the china and glass closets
were empty and the pictures no longer
adorned the walls. All that remained in
the house were a couple of beds, the car
pets on the floors and a silver-plated tea
spoon. Anderson believed that his ex
wife, with the assistance of "Captain"
Morgan, her brother-in-law, had had the
furniture removed to 52S Golden Gate ave
nue. But when with the aid of a police
officer he made his search yesterday aft
ernoon he found there but a few towels
and sheets, a couple of forks and spoons
and a bronze cuckoo clock. The Klon
diker will continue his search to-day.
Charles J. Anderson, a Klondike mil
lionaire, says ho "wants his furniture
back." and with that end in view he ap
peared before Judge Conlan yesterday
and swore out a search warrant for his
property.whlqh he claims has been stolen.
Will Stand the Loss of His Money,
but Insists That His House
hold Goods Be Re
turned.
Klondikt Millionaire Glad
toBtRidofHisEx
pensiTe Wife.
ANDERSON WANTS
HIS FURNITURE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL., THURSDAY, MARCH 14, 1901
SAX FRANCISCO. Cal., Feb. 23. 190L— Do
what Ernest tells you at once.
MARIE SCHNEIDER.
The telegram was addressed to Miss
Nora Schneider at Crockett. Cal.
W. S. Cowin. station agent at Vallejo
Junction, testified to having received a
telegram on February 23 from San Fran
cisco, addressed to Miss Nora Schneider
at Crockett. The contents of the tele
gram were identical with the original pro
uuced in evidence, which was handed In to
the Market street office.
Mrs. Schneider Testifies.
Mrs. Marie Schneider, mother of the
girl whom Cooper married while pretend
ing that he was a wealthy man, testified
that she was in San Francisco on Feb
ruary 23 and that she had not sent a tel
epram to her daughter on that day or
authorized any one to send a telegram for
TANDING room was at a prem-
turn yesterday afternoon In the
courtroom of Police Judge Fritz
£^*/ when "Sir 1 " Harry Westwood
Cooper, alias I>r. Ernest Moore
Chadtvick, appeared to answer to charges
of forging a telegram and a seal of record
in connection -with his recent marriage to
younc Nora Schneider of Crockett. The
notoriety attained by the ex-convict drew
the largest audience seen in any room in
the Hall of Justice since its opening and
Cooper, as he is ircr.erally called, seemed
rather enjoy the smiles of the crowil
of men and women as the testimony of his
cunning deception was presented.
Long: before the hor.r set for the ar
raignment of the jailbird the corridors of
the Hall of Justice were besieged V>y a
Crowds Hear Testimony of How Ex=Convict Cooper
Duped Norine Schneider Into flarriage.
"SIR HARRY'S DUPLICITY
IS TOLD IN POLICE COURT
12
* *¦ A. |g^ >^> Hot-breads
w* * pastries
&& SI IC 1 T\ Sf requiring
£? a leavening
P o w d © r or raisins
Risen with Royal Baking Powder, all these foods are
superlatively light, sweet, tender, delicious and wholesome.
Royal Baking Powder is the greatest of time and
labor savers to the pastry cook. Besides, it economizes,
flour, butter and eggs, and, best of all, makes the food
. more digestible and healthful.
The "Royal Baker and Pastry Cook"— -con- There are cheap baking powders made from
taming over Soo most practical and valuable alum, but they are exceedingly harmful to
cooking receipts — free to every patron. health. Their astringent and cauterizing
Send postal rerd with your full address. qualities add a. dangerous element to food
ROYAL BAKING POWDER CO., 100 WILLIAM STREET, NEW YORK.
ADVEBTISEKENT&
ADVERTISEMENTS.
DR.MQNULTY.
rrms vv'&ll-kxown and rouble old
.1 Specialist cwret Blood Poison, (ionorrhcau.Gleet.
S i l ,jy B^T I • M 'l ni1 "* 1 Weakness. Impotence and their
ollto.1 Disorders. Hook on JDiseaxen of Men fr»«.
£ v Vt ro .T f>r VXT x TlI*'" < :'*- T * rn " reasonable. Hour*.
Oto.1.!.ally:5:.TOtni:»ev'Ki. Kurnl:irvl0 to 12. Cunsull
tiUonfreeurSsacredly confidential Call or addies*
P. RO8COB MeNCLTY, M. D.
2O'I liearny »t,, 9an * rauclsco, C-J-
1212-1214 MARKET ST.,
Between Taylor and Jonea.
MAIL ORDERS RECEIVED.
Children's Capes.
Made of good quality white pique: lined
with white canton flannel: trimmed with
three ruffles of wide embroidery: worth
"¦. 2 .' : ..?.".".'.'::°. t .v.v.v.-.::::::: $1.45.
Women's Wrappers.
%Z quality: made of best percale: lined
throughout: flounced bottom: bretelle*.
collar and- oleeves, trimmed ffl ngj
with linen laco; on sale at.. tpliZO
Boys' Waists.
75c quality BOYS' WHITE LAWN
WAISTS, sailor collar, cuffs and front
trimmed with embroidery: on /(O,,
sale at T^OW
25c quality BOYS' PERCALE fCT^.
WAISTS, all sizes; on sale at... 1OI
Children's Dresses,
75c quality^, made of best percale: waist
und sleeves lined: bretelles. collar and
sleeves trimmed with linen lace; A Q ~»
on sale at ;.. IOC
Hosiery.
15c quality CHILDREN'S RIBBED HOSE,
fast black and full finished, all Or*
sizes; on sale <7C>
20c quality WOMEN'S FAST BLACK
HOSE, full finished, double iqi'
heel and toe; on sale at ¦ ¦**•!{*
all colors and sizes: on sale.... f>sr ~
»1 quality SHIRT WAISTS, new- £*eS~
est effects; on sale DOv
$1.23 quality SHIRT WAISTS, latest styles,
vest of white pique: on sale....
EOc quality WOMEN'S SHIRT WAISTS.
SPE
SALE
vlAL
DAY!
MANUFACTURERS
ADVKRTISEMENTS.
SPECIAL SALE I
Thursday— Friday— Satnrday.
Sugar Corn, 3 cans 25c
Splendid value; Eastern Cora.
Regularly 10c a can.
French String Beans, can 15c
Honey Dew brand— «ztra fancy.
Regularly 20c.
Condensed Soups, 3 cans 25c
Chicken. Oxtail. Mock Turtle.
Mulligatawny, Vegetable. Tomato.
Consomme, etc. Regularly 10c a <•»*¦
Table Fruits, can 15c
Peaches, Fears, Plums and Apricot*,
Selected fruits la heavy syrup.
Regularly 20c.
Horseradish Mustard —
. . .small tot 10c, large bot 15c
Bayle's, the original and genuln».
Regularly 15c and 20c.
Cocktails, bot. 75c
Whisky. Manhattan. Martini and Gin.
Perfect In flavor and made from choicest
materials. Regularly |l 00.
Lily Cream, 3 cans.... 25c
Lily brand Evaporated Cream.
Healthful, clean, economical.
Regularly 10c a can.
Ginger Ale, dozen $1.20
Corry's celebrated brand cf
Belfast Ginger Ale.
rionrc Aur»V» AC\n
All the leading brands
COUNTRY ORDERS SOLICITED 1
CATALOGUE FREE. *.'•
39 STOCKTON ST., near Market.
Telephone— Main S522.
I 1 /4 iikndDiningH
\ ll /jfipyl ffRoom Chairs \
y \ (ash or GUlc at a lim c {
> New and Beautiful Pat- *%
\ # terns in Golden Oak Ex- J
1 tension Tables and Din- I
j ing-Room Chairs. A ;|
I monster new stock sold at £
? the lowest prices, on easy pay- [
1 ments. '¦
I THE J. NOONAN ;
»V FURNITURE COMPANY. Inc. K
1017-1023 MISSION STREET $
Above 6th. £aa Francisco. &
§^ AT'OV/R S B^I
\q»gjjg2jv The people's appreciation of our lion- /(S!fo*k&H5y
i j iimhi TI est and sound business methods, and wmy
|^ S the sterling shoe values we olace before 0 CT
B,— | M them is daily attested by the crowds £3 I
fl 3 that visit our establishment. This has GB
R^^ 3 been going on for over twentv-thrce |j ¦^¦^
S years. One patron recommends our ga Ed
E firm to a friend, and thus eains for us - fel " -"*¦
a-rew customer, and so on indefinitely. Ij
Ml WHY? Because we have won the con- »j iA/ - *
f fidence of the public, and have never M vw
IS ijetrayed it. and we never will. OUR 19 f^
T£* I NEWDEPARTMENT-Theonehun- | *^Z ',
hma* C dred varieties of Rosenthal's $.r.-.o p Af\
NP slwes for men and women — all sizes— all M * m
i widths — all styles — deserves vour clo^e [3 K-«
i examination, and an carlv visit. This H- *"—*
i will surely gain your patronaee. Mon«v Pj I^J
__J» refundcJ in all cases if dissatisfied with sfi 1^1
?5^" We have no branch store?.
I Jl)0e5| KEARNVJ5T- \kT^\
"ZXT DOOR TO WMTEHOUSE^gggd)
\ "VAN YROOM"
i
I PAINLESS DENTISTRY!
j . : - .
"... i