PRICE FIVE CENTS.
SAN FRANGISCOj MONDA1T, JUNJE [3J ; 1901: j
VOL.U3JE XC-NO. 3.
GAGE WOULD SAVE STATE FROM
ODIUM CAST UPON IT BY CRIME
OF THE LAWLESS MOB OF MADOC
After Communicating With the Officials of the
County Involved the Governor Issues a Strong
Proclamation Offering $5000 in Rewards
Increasing: : iri :-^;Ehgland v;bver^vthe/:;Suppressipn i of .''News^ From -.Souths Africa; ; While . Long
Casualty Lists Give Evidence of the Continued Activity of the Burgher Patriots and All Military
Hospitals, in theiU Crowded With Soldiers Suffermg From Enteric Fever
SMALL DETACHMENT OF BRITISH YEOMANRY SURRENDERS TO A BOER
FORCE AFTER A SHARP ENGAGEMENT NEAR DORDRECHT AND IS GIVEN
LIBERTY AFTER YIELDING ITS ARMS AND ACCOUTERMENTS TO CAPTORS
For the arrest and conviction of ringlead
ers of mob ...$1000
For the arrest o? accomplices $400
Rewards will be paid of the character
designated up to... ...$5000
GOVERNOR GAGE OFFERS LARGE REWARDS
FOR APPREHENSION OF MODOC LYNCHERS
LONDON, June\2.— A military riot,oc
curred last night', at Shorncliffe.i A de
tachment • of the Dublin Fusile'ers, actu
ated by some sniaglnary /. grievance,
wrecked their barrack rooms. The guard
was called out, to arrest, the. ringleaders
and shots were fired by the Fusileers, who
met tlie reinforced guard with ".v vof-"
ley. of ball cartridges and bayonets. Two
men of the guard seriously Injured
byj.baj r onet- thrusts. -The riot lasted far
two hours. ' ; ' '- ¦•"•'. -.ill-': .',
>-:-. ¦ ' * . - . ' ' ' '¦• -^~ •
DUBLIN FUSILEEES r . :;
CAUSE A MILITARY RIOT
It Is Believed That a Final Settlement oMhe Protocol Has Bpen Reached and All Foreign Troops Will Withdraw
v -From Peking as Soon; as the Return of Emperor KwangSu's Court Is Assured.
: Special Dispatch to The Call.
PEKING, June. 2.— The Chinese," much
to the surprise 'of everybody,- having
agreed to j the. main points of the indem-;
nity demand and being anxious to resume
authority, .'the, Germans. have, made defi
nite arrangements : for . leaving . r Peking.
Field /Marshal Count /von Waldersee i will
"start to-morrow. '; He •will , -however,-, leave
here temporarily^ nine '.skeleton' battalions
of 300 ; men * each , , which : nearly, equals the
number i'of , . British* -Urobps V here. . The
French .are: withdrawing; from, the prov
ince" of i Chili. ; ' Nine .thousand ;lapanese,'
3000 British*:: and the .Twenty-sl^thlBeluchV
istdn . Regiment ', lef t? yesterday.;* The J rest*
of /the . troops will remain ;until'l Juiy/^or
until the court's return 1 is ;certaln r and^evl-.
dence-is I'giv'erUthat.lthe; Chinese; author! -'
. ties are able to maintain order, ' It Is cer-'
tain ! that the simultaneous r withdrawal of
all the- allies would, tend . to ' inflame
Chinese ; conceit and endanger foreign in
terests in , the northern provinces. : -
; Nothing vhas > beeni.i decided •: regarding
Russian V evacuation • of ; Majichuria. \\ The
Ministers are Ignoring this question.
7 ¦ It is the > general ¦ impressioni that a' set
tlement of protocol has* been reached/,
.Yesterday ;. the \ Ministers ; recelve'd : a. com
munication Xtiom '•-.. Count von ; Waldersee
announcing his Intentions.',;* . ,
r ;,The failles ;are"now; left 'without, a com
mander. ."> The command here of Count Ivoh
( WaIdersee' '¦; engendered '; some ' unpleasant
nes^ibut*ln^thVmaln'it*.'W^jsaUsfMtorV.'
Personally} he' ; was, hlghlyVappreciated and
\i[ is Jbelleved Hhat*? nobody;' under ;. the ">. clr-'
cumstane'es? could ' have 'succeeded* better,
The site has been selected and definite
plans are being, formed by the Chinese,
according to '- the terms of the protocol,
for. a' monument to 'Baron yon Ketteler.
the ' German \ Minister,' . who i was - killed
shortly after the 'outbreak of the Boxer,
troubles.- The monument will be in ; Hata
men- street, ' at *. the - spot? where the Ger- :
roan" representative .was slain, j It is •' pro
posed I to _ erect * two j pillars 7 and / a . temple, ¦
and', the: German, approval \ of r the plan.!
which . Is .essential,': will" be asked. . An]in
scription in ;Chineae^ Is- being prepared by
a former member' 1 of Tsunc II Tameri. ¦
Another | meeting 1 ' has . been . held' to : con-,
slder s the "questlon'of a distribution* of fthe
fund -raised >y.i the Christian i Herald for
the-j relief of. famine sufferers , In the prov
| incW^of£ Shensi.' "The; missionaries , here ,
have .¦telegraphed £ to" Chairman 'Arthur -
.'¦¦' ..','' V\V.i: .- -,-:< ¦'-¦ '¦-:: r^V*-.. 1 '• ¦•¦•:
Smith at Tientsin, stating that the com
mittee' requires unrestricted, power.'. and
that - a I distribution - of the * fund ¦ by for
eigners - Is impracticable, this' being pos
sible only, through' native 'officials. It also
asks' for funds, to send; missionaries to
Shensi. ' \The J most credulous are • of the
opinion' that if the funds are placed in
the] hands of. native officials about 60 p?r
cent' of ; the. money win reach sufferers.
Those who are best info'rmed say that tho
offlclajs/.who resent the spirit -of the don
ors, f^will • steal fully 60 per \ cent of the
money.. ' . .' ''¦'*'?
May -Try to "Annex Hainan.
June's.— "I i am , Informed."
says * the -, Hongkong " correspondent of the
Times,' wiring Saturday, "that the French
intend tojuinex Hainan inj July ."..' ".
FIELD MARSHAL COUNT VOW WALDERSEE WILL TO-DAY EVACUATE CHINA'S
CAPITAL AND THE ENTIRE FORCE OF GERMAN SOLDIERY IS SOON TO FOLLOW
Victor Emanuel Reviews Troops.
ROME, June 2.— To-day was the nation
al fete day and a large crowd witnessed
a review of the troops by King 'Victor
Emanuel, who was enthusiastically re
ceived. - :'•-"•• : ' .'
MARYVILLE. Mo., June 2.-A; W.
Walker objected to Owen I.ogan. a prom
inent young stockman, calling upon his
daughter, and, coming upon the couple
suddenly, last night as they stood at the
Walker gate, emptied a load of buck
shot Into Logan's breast, fatally wound
ing him. Walker gave himself up. He
had, it is said, frequently, threatened to
kill Logan if he did not desist calling on
or paying attentions to his daughter.
SHOOTS THE SUITOR FOR
HIS DAUGHTER'S HAWD
CINCINNATI, June 2.— The first "ag
nostic" marriage in this country occurred
here to-day, and formed the closing fea
ture of the agnostic Sunday-school that
has been established here. The' princi
pals were Frederick Federlc and Martha
S?aman. Justice Alexander Roobling
performed the legal part of the cere
mony, after which both the principals
made their pledges, including one not to
resist divorce proceedings. The bride i
also repeated the words: "Should I dis
cover that we are" uncongenial or mis
mated. I hereby pledge that I will not
bear children that are not born of af
fection."
Subscribe to a Pledge That Th»y
Shall Not Resist Divorce
QUEER MARRIAGE VOWS
OF AGNOSTIC COUPLE
President.
TOPEKA, Kans., June 2.— Mrs. Annie
Diggs, the prophetess of the People's
party of Kansas, has prepared an inter
view in which she deals with the question
of fusion of the Popuiist and Democratic
forces. She says:
"The strength of the People's party
never did lie in its party organization. In
deed, one of its mfnor impulses was a
protest against tho dangers and the
tyranny of permanent party organization.
"What foolishness to let the fetich of
party name prevent the political co-opera
tion of people who believe alike. But
whatever comes or does not come next
year or may happen the few years after
that^ the intelligence of the American
voters is growing. Tom L. Johnson will
be the next President."
Mrs. Anna Diggs Says Tom L. John
son Will Be the Nation's Next
POPULIST PROPHETESS
DECLARES FOB. FUSIO2J"
end "lieutenant- of Coiapany B. First Regi
ments-Colorado National Guard. . was
drowned in the lake at City Tark . this
afternoon In full view of 5000 people. With
t wo companions he was rowing on the
lake when the boat was accidentally
Fwamped and Thaute. who could net
f=wim, drowned before help could ' reach
him.
from the Rocky Mountains are very high,
Including the Fountain Creek. The Ar
kansas River has been threatening Its
bridges, but subsided somewhat to-day.
An enormous" amount of water which the
big Irrigating canals, all of which are wide
open, canHot receive. Is flowing to Kan
cas.
The four-year-old boy of John Turling :
ton. playing along the Fountain Creek in
the north suburbs to-day, fell in and th<»
body was swept away.
Drowns in Sight of Many People.
DENVER, Col., June 2.— William E.
Thaute, 24 years old. a machinist and see-
PUEBLO. Col., June 2.— AH the streams
Water Which Big 'Irrigating Canals
Cannot Hold Is Flowing to
, Kansas.
ALL STREAMS FROM THE
KOCKT MOUNTAINS ARE HIGH
Five Large Crevices Open and Popu
lace Is Filled With
: . Alarm.
BUTTE, Mont., June 2.— The strange
sliding movement of the city of Butte,
•which has been noticeable at intervale for
several years, has again manifested itsei*
by five large cracks in the earth in dif
ferent sections of the city. The largest
crevice occurred on West Galena street,
where a crack twelve inches wiJe and of
considerable length and deptn has ap
peared. Three of the- opening's occur on
the west side of the town and two t n the
east side. There is no caving, but a dis
tinct parting of the earth and the gran
ite walls can easily be seen In them.
The gas and water compani*"? have
much trouble on account of the strange
movement, which frequently breaks tbeir
underground pipes. City Engineer Kick
enbach says the engineering department
of the city encounters the same ;rouble.
hf elevations a.nd bench marks in certain
parts of the city are constantly changing.
This is particularly true of the section
west of Main street and north of Broad
way, where the marks have been known
to shift to the extent of a foot in a very
fchort space of time.
The continuance of the stran2« phe
nomenon is beginning to . cause seine
alarm among the citizens of Butte.
EABTH-S CRUST CRACKS
UNDEE CITY OF BUTTE
to be paid as follows: $1000, respectively,
for the arrest and conviction of each one
of the ringleaders, and $400. respectively,
for the arrest and conviction of each one
other than a ringleader actually aiding
and abetting in the commission of said
crimes— the total of said several sums not
to exceed in any . evnt the aforesaid surn
of live thousand dollars.
"Said rewards to be paid only in case of
arrest within six months from the date
hereof, and upon subsequent final con
viction of the perpetrator or perpetrators.
"In witness whereof I have hereunto set
my hand and caused the great seal of the
State to be hereunto affixed, this second
day of June, A. D. 1901.
(Seal) "HENRY T. GAGE. Governor.
"Attest: C. F. CURRY,
"Secretary of State."
Governor Gage has also offered a re
ward of $300 for the arrest and conviction
of E. A. Illinssworth. who killled Con
stable II. S. Walker of Modoc County. II
lingsworth, who had escaped from the
County Jail, killed the Constable whfie
resisting arrest. , •
Size of Reward Unprecedented.
The action of the Governor is regarded
as extraordinary in view of the fact that
the usual amount of the reward in cases
of murder is but $300. In fact, the pres
ent offer is declared to be without piece
dent and testifies to the abhorrence with
which the crime is viewed.
It Is rot. probable that the State will
take other action than the present/ at
least not until it is shown that the county
officials of. Modoc are unwilling or power
less to administer justice. In that event
the Attorney General would probably be
called upon to act, and^the secrat service
fund at the disposal of the Governor
could be utilized to fasten the responsibil
ity far the lynching upon -the shoulder's cf
the guilty^ Governor Gage has'bjen re
. markably chary in the matter of Issuing
offers of reward for the apprehension of
murderers, and his present action is 8n
Indication of the strong sentiment of con
demnation of the acts of the Modoc
lynchers-which pervades official circles.
Governor Gage left last evening on the
Owl train for Ja>s Angeles, where he will
probably remain for ten days or two
weeks. He will not cease, however, to
urge upon the officials of Modoc County
the necessity of vigorous action to appre
hend the guilty leaders of the rnob.
"Now, therefore. I. Henry T. Gage, Gov
ernor of the State of California, by virtue
cf the authority in me vested by the con
stitution and laws of said State, do here
by offer a. reward of five thousand dollars.
Disgrace Upon the People.
"Whereas, The notoriety and audacity
of the crimes if tolerated will likely lead
to a repetition of similar crimes in other
localities In this State, will brine disgrace
upon our law-abiding people, obstruct the
orderly conduct of courts of justice and
will tend to render life and property in
secure from the willful and wanton acts
of lawless mobs.
"Whereas. The said crimes w'ere com
mit by the said unknown perpetrators in
open defiance of the laws of the State of
California, by hanc'ug the said victims
until they were dead, under an unlawful
and audacious claim of a right to wreak
their personal vengeance upon the said
victims, on account of the alleged com
mission of petty crimes, for the punish
ment of which the laws of California ade
quately provide; and
"Whereas, On May 31. 1301, Jive men. to
wit: Calvin Hall, Frank Hall. James Hall.
Martin Hall and Daniel Yantis. were mur
dered at Lookout, ntar Alturas. in the
county of Modoc. by a mob of lawless per
sons unknown, some of tne victims being
forcibly taken by the murderers from the
custody of the law; and
QOVERXOR GAGE, after spend
ing the last two <3avs 'jci com
munication with officers cf Mo
doc County, has offered rewards
for the arrest and conviction of
the men who lynched Calvin Hall and his
three tons and Daniel Yantls durinz the
right of Hay 3L The rewards ho offers
«re most unusual In size, as befits a crime
without parallel in the historv of ihe
State. By proclamation issued yesterday
the Governor offers rewards assreg'a.thiK
Tint to exceed $5u00 for the apprehension
cf the ringleaders and their accomplices.
Governor Gage was in San Francisco
Saturday and yesterday and was ?n tele
graphic and telephonic communication
T.1tb the Sheriff and District Attornev,of
Modoc County. Being convinced that
nothing in the evidence against the five
victims warranted In the least the out
rage upon law and order and justice per
petrated in their lynching, he drafted the
following proclamation, which was issued
from. Sacramento:
NEAL UNDER
ARREST FOR
FORGERY
legation that Neall had something "to 'do
with' the issuance of duplicate '..vouchers
while stationed at the Presidio. Neall de
nies having committed any forgeries and
claims he will be able to prove his inno
cence. -
The case of Captain '"Jack" Neall at
tracted a great deal of attention in this
city three years ago. He ¦was one of the
most efficient and 'popular, officers in the
army and the news of his downfall cre
ated a. furor in army circles and in. the
upper crust of San Francisco society. :
• At the outbreak of the Spanish war
Neall was located at the Presidio. Many
of his fellow-officers were ordered to the
front, which resulted in the placing of
added responsibilities upon the shoulders
of Neall. In addition to the 4 duties con
nected with his troop command he was
made exchange officer and also sprved as
officer in charge of the Presidio Club.
These duties wore onerous and brought
with thorn the handling of considerable I
cash. Under the strain of his multitud- |
inous duties Neall commenced to break
down and finally he resorted' to the U3c
of stimulants to enable him to continue at
his- post. Neall haul, a passion for cards
and when in liquor would play for high
stakes. He lost steadily, but played on,
hoping to recoup and restore the army
funds which his losing game had induced
him to use. -'>->' .'-,* '-""'>'*¦;
¦*-' - *l>ared Not- Face "Disgrace." '~ \
Early in February. 1899. Captain Neall
was notified that the quarterly inspection
of his books would be made in a few
days. At this time he was short $4300.
"With disgrace staring him In the face, he
knew not which way to turn. He deter
mined.to run away and when the next
morning an orderly went to' his quarters
to deliver him an order assigning him to
duty as officer of the day he was not to
be found.
His failure to appear caused a suspicion
to arise that all was not as it'should be,
and a hurried investigation revealed the
fact of the shortage. It was feared that
he, had committed suicide and for days
parties patroled the Presidio woods in
search of his body.
Neall had not taken his life, but had
gone to Old Mexico. His whereabouts
soon became known and ¦ friends urged
him to return, informing him that his ac
counts would be made straight. He came
back and paid over to the military author
ities $4300, the amount of his shortage,
which was advanced by men of promi
nence who had faith in him. Ho reported
at the Presidio, however, too late to pre
vent 'a chafte of desertion being placed
against his name. He was court-mar
tialed and the findings of the court were
that he be dismissed from the : service.
Every effort was made by the California
delegation in Congress to save his com
mission. John \V. Mackay and Senator
Jones of Nevada made personal appeals
to the President, but at the time of the
trial army scandals were plentiful and
the President refused to disapprove the
verdict. ¦ After losing his commission
N«all went to Mexico and sought employ
ment as an engineer. He was unsuccess
ful and returned to this city after an ab
sence of little more than a year.
Neall is a brilliant Spanish and French
scholar, and while at West Point 'enjoyed
the, reputation of being a master of math
ematics.
About a year ago he accepted a posi
tion as engineer at the Anaconda mines'
in Butte, and advices from' that city say
he has been leading an exemplary life
during his residence there. ,.
News of' Arrest a Surprise.
AH seemed well with the unfortunate
captain and the news of his arrest' is a
surprise.
At the time of his trial Captain JCeall
was in the possession of ample funds and
made good every known shortage. At no
time, during the proceedings was " there
any intimation of forgery and on no occa
sion was he accused of the misuse of Gov
ernment papers. - -
Captain Neall's wife and two children
reside in Berkeley. Mrs. Neall is the
daughter of the late General Hardie, who
was inspector general of the army under
Secretary Seward.
Captain John M. >7eall. who was tried
by court-martial at ihe Presidio in Feb
luary, 1S99. and dismissed from the army
for^ "absence without leave," was arrested
at Butte. Mont., by a - deputy ' United
States Marshal yesterday on a warrant
charging him with forgery. ,11 e will be
brought to this city for trial. „
The forgery charge, is based on the al-
Working in Butte, Mont., "as Mining
Engineer Wlien Apprehended ' '-:
by a Deputy 'United
States Marshal. .-. '.'-'.'". ' '¦¦
Former Army Officer Is
Accused of Duplicat- :
ing Vouchers;
Crime; Is Alleged tq. Have
Been Committed Three.- .;¦'
Years Ago.
The San Francisco Call
APE" TOWN. ; June 2.'— Thirty-two'
nf of Wodehouse's ¦ yeomanry' hacl an
V\. with 700 Boers rnear
Dordrecht 'yesterday.- After" one 'of
the British had been killed and five
wounded '.the . detachment \ surrendered.'
They were .subsequently ..released,, after
having: been relieved of 'their arms. ¦ '•
NEW YORK," June 3.-^-The Tribune has
the. following from London:
.The uncertainty with .regard to recent
operations in .South Africa * is { causing a
good deal of uneasiness in this country. It
is believed that responsibility, for the con
cealment of news does not, lie with. Gen
eral Kitchener.- The British commander
is certainly, 1 not even in his most exuber
ant moments, a very, communicative man;
but during", the latest phases of the war,it
is reported jj in ; ¦ usually well informed
quarters that he has* 1 sent home the fullest
information.' He has'.also' told' the -au
thorities at the War Office that it .would
be . unwise to give Uo the world any.-in
formation , which could- be telegraphed
BOER AND BRITISH LEADERS WHO HAVE FIGURED IN =THE LATE
: ENGAGEMENTS -THAT HAVE BEEN PRACTICALLY A SERIES OF
.VICTORIES. FOR THE PATRIOT COMMANDOS. "
back, mentioning instances of Important
facts which he has sent here being known
to. the Boers a few days laten V This sug
gestion on' the' part of General Kitchener
has been seized upon by the home officials
as a pretext for suppressing almost all the
news he has forwarded.
Meanwhile the daily j lists of casualties
are anxiously studied, but these lists do
not' fully Indicate " the actual - number of
deaths of British soldiers caused by the
war. .A .good 'many men- invalided hotna
have died in- England without- being in
cluded In the list. ' At the present moment
all military hospitals In the United King
dom > are ; crowded with ' patients, a large
number of -whom are suffering from en
teric fever contracted in- South Africa.
The -war news- this morning points to
the. probability" of a renewal of Boer ef
forts to obtain peace terms. General
Smuts and Botha's : secretary are at
Standerton. Their visit seems to hav»
greatly disconcerted Mr. Kruger and his*
entourage, who are busy in explaining
that; there is no truth m the suggested,
request for Dutch mediation and that tho
burghers were never in better spirits nor
more resolved. to fight to the end. Jingo
newspapers here are also somewhat con
cerned , at- the news, and the Mail ! say3
the country will ratify no such demands
asVere made by Botha on a previous oc
raslnn*'The Missouri Pacific Liinlted'i -
. The only route 'having through sleeping
car service between San Francisco and St.':
Louis .' dallyj ¦ i - Stop-overs *. allowed fat t Salt ?
Lake ¦ City. - For f ull ¦> Information " ask i IX. •
M. ¦ Fletcher, 212 " California street. -*•; "¦•• ¦ • '¦' t
WASHINGTON, ; June 2.— Fraak IL
Hitchcock, qhief of the ' foreign" mar Vets
section ' of the Agricultural Department,
has .prepared . a comparative article -on the
trade betweeen the United States and
Denmark, Sweden and Norway during the
ten yeara.from 1890. to: 1900, which "shows
that in that period, our exports to those
countries rose ; from ; $9,000,000 . - to nearly
$29,000,000. Our imports ¦ from Scandinavia
are small, being, below $4,000,000 In 189 j and
only - a little more than $5,000,000 'in- 1900
which was the record year in imports.-
Our Trade With Scandinavia.
| CLEVELAND,'. June 2.— The\ Leader to
morrow will say: J.", * ; -'\"< ¦"¦;. :- v
'VI. D. Hazard,' financial secretary of the
colonization | and "social settlement j depart
ment of the Salvation Army Ms
ity for the ; statement that , negotiations
are being carried ion' looking to a recon
ciliation between General William Booth
and -his . son.'-'Ballington.",- Father and son'
have been estranffed for five' years. Sib e
son 'having In the. mean time organized the
Volunteers of 1 America. ; 'If the reconcilia
tion is effected it -: will mean BalllnEton's'
return -,to the ' SalvationTArmy > and prob
ably result in the ¦: abolishment f.f ; the
Volunteers and its affiliation , with the
Salvation Army. ?>> : ¦'¦¦--
End > Are Being Conducted * by
jj Salvation- Army Officers.'
Negotiations ' Looking Toward That
GENERAL BOOTH "AND SON- ¦
MAY : BECOME RECONCILED
COULD NOT PREACH
, . PEACE TO IRISHMEN
Rev. Thomas Vincent Finn's R?.asoa
for Dbmng the Garb 'of a
Priest. ' •
NEW YORK, June 2. — The Cunarder
Etruria. which had been anchored all
night off Sandy Hook, came to her dock
this morning. ¦ She brought 318 pafeacn
gers, among them the Rev. Thomas Vin
cent Finn. Rev, Mr. .Finn is a graduate
of St. Patrick's Roman Catholic College
at Carlow. Ireland, and an ordained
priest, but he explained that he had sev
ered his connection with the- Catholic
church because he could not preach peace
when he believed that only ¦ war -could
save his country from being depopulated.
He has written books on the insurrection
of 1798 and other Irish, subjects. He/says
that while here he will work for the lree
dom. of Ireland. . a. . . .
Railroad Commissioners Coming.
SEATTLE, "Wash.. June 2.— The mem
bers of the thirteenth annual national con
vention of State Railroad Commissioners,
which is to begin -at San Francisco Tues
day, passed through Seattle this evening.
The party numbered 153 members. After
the convention, which will last three days
and- which will discuss topics of. railroad
legislation, they will return via the
Northern route to Chicago. In addition
to the railroad commissioners the mem
bers of the Interstate .Commerce Com
mission of Washington, D. C. are in the
ford 'started a row at a church festival" at
Pleasant Valley, thirteen miles from here,
last night.- ,B... S. "-, Hedrick • and ,-,VJJaC"
MacLaughlin ; were - dangerously cut. . and
P. . G.': Knopp had *his -teeth knocked out.
Robert *¦" Crawford."-,'MacLaushlin.- , Jobn
Stanley ,'^.Grover Alterman and John Pet
tit'.were arrested. .'.•:•
Row at ¦ a' Church Festival.
: ., PARKERSBURG. W.>^a..V June 2.^The
slngingof a risque ' song , by Robert Craw-
WASHINGTON. June 2.— The Division
of Insular Affairs of the "War Department
makes ; the % following , statement concern
ing the" customs revenues of .the Philip
pine > Islands for ¦ the vtwp months ended
•February- 28,-\ 1901. fc as compared with the
same .'months of = 1899 and 1900:' • ~ '
/'Total'- revenues: February, 1901, $1,455.
359; February, 1S9S,$o63,356; February, 1900,
$724,024;/ ;: : - v : -.- . -. ¦ ' ' ' v •*.
The -figures indicate an increase* in 1901
over. 1899 of $891,402 and over, 1900 of $731,333,
ormore than 100 per cent. ¦
Figures- of , War Department Show
Gain of More Than One Hun
dred Per Cent.
GREAT. INCREASE IN.
REVENITES OF * PHILIPPINES
to the Observer from Bennetsville, S. C.,*
the home 'of Senator McLaurin. say a
there are good reasons for believing that
just prior to the meeting of Congress in
December, Senator McLaurin , will resign
and request Governor McSweeney' to ap
point -his successor. Should* the: Senator
do. this, it. is understood he would expect
the"; Governor to appoint . a man repre
senting the» same -political views as Bry
an and Tillman. The Senator would then
meet this gentleman in 1902 <¦ on the hust
ings for the purpose of regaining his seat
in the Senate. - The Senator maintains he
has as much right to define Democratic
principlesas Mr. Bryan, Mr. Tillman or
anyone "else. Mr. McLaurin claims that
Mr. Bryan and Mr., Tillman both opposed
true Democracy Jand advocated popu
lism, socialism and communism.- The
earnestness with which, the fight is to be
carried on may be judged from the an
nouncement that a daily morning paper
will : : be established at -Columbia with a
South Carolinian, now residing in" Rich
mond,"' Va,,* as editor. . ' ."" -. , ; .
SENATOR McLAURIN IS
ANXIOUS TO RESldN
Will Then Go on the Hustings for
the Purpose of Regaining
. His'Seat.
CHARLOTTE, N. C, June 2.— A special
HOLYOKE, .; Mass. , June " 2.'- ; -To"-morro w
inaugurates 'the- first 'complete day of the
big strike. : -. ' If > the ',' expectations -j of % the
strikers >are^realized .therei.will be : nearly'
3000 :operatives: out -from -the 1 various mills
which . have '. not '/ agreed to ) the v strikers'
'demands.' ¦'< Pickets will j be ; posted > at L all
of 'the -the : morning, '.but* no" se
rious trouble is anticipated." * ' . - '- ¦ '
Big' Strike of i OperatiVes.
The fastest, time made by any railway, "' It
Is said. Is on the road between this city . arid
Bayonne, .where a run of ¦ 123 miles ' is made
every day. In 128 -minutes.-;'- It' is quite to the
credit ; of the American mechanics that i the
honor of making this run is accorded to Amer
ican / - . . • '
NATIONALISTS ELECT
> MAYOR OF HAVANA
Their Candidate y Gets" More: Votes
;• ; Than Are ; Cast by.. 1 Both' Repub- 'r >
i '•¦_ , :. : . licans and Bemocrats.* : i ;, : : 'J. ;
> HAVANA,' " : June . - 2.— In '¦¦'¦ • yesterday's
municipal ; Senbr ; Miguel ; Gtrjer,'
the r Nationalist, .was / elected Mavor of
Havana, receiving 11,115 votes against ,7533
for. Senor Mora, - Republican, and 3211\for
Senor * Garcia,"; Democrat.Y-. The National
ists elected", eighteen! members 'of, -tho
Municipal Council, 7 the^ Republicans i four
and' the Democrats' two. v
; ¦ The houses of this district, -whlch-some years
ago -• furnished ¦ fine French; hardware to '.the
United,- States, • have : almost , entirely, lost .".that
trade : . within v the last, two; decades ; and .'they
are . enabled to hold their own here only . on a
protective tariff. ' Aftierican stoves. -base burn
ers . and smaller heating stoves ; find a steady
market ; here, . the French . make being \ unable
to replace : them. •.¦.;'-,' :¦ ; .-.'•'. --'¦.-¦
¦. American, saws ; and ¦ other : wood cutting in
struments" are- pronounced the best: in the
world. ¦ because Americans are the greatest
wood using people. Agricultural Implements
of American patterns and', bearing an Ameri
can , name ', are met . in -. every county . fair . and
are highly prized. ¦ • They '¦ are . often I made In
France, on account ¦ of :¦ the high tariff duty.
Farmers tell me' that ¦ they prefer to, buy
the Ohio ¦ or - : , Illinois "narvestinsr and haylnsr
machines,- notwithstanding', the increased ; cost, j
' Consul Tourges of Bordeaux says: ¦ I
¦ "WASHINGTON, June' 2.— In a further
series j of extracts from ; the forthcoming
volume two of commercial relations," deal-
Ing with 'United States trade in Franco,
Consul Brittain of Nantes notes the de
velopment of the trade in „ American ma
chinery in "Western France. During tlie
past season, he says, 'about. 9»-; reapers,
mowers and horse hay rakes arrived at
that port. American mowers give good
satisfaction and the ; increased prices
asked for farm -labor -.will stimulate the
sale of such .machinery, in the future. -The
American mower was |a' common sight- in
the ': hay. "fields last r summer. ' . Con&al
Covert; of. Lyons says:. V : ¦ • ' : '
ies Tell of Increasing Trade
Relations. '¦¦ ¦ '.'¦_ '.'• '¦¦• %
AMERICAKT MACHINERY
I GROWS IN PtJtXTLARITY
i .. •¦'¦. ' ¦- ¦ . ¦ • ¦ - .
United States Consuls in French. Cit-
• ;¦; They- will - spend • two days' at Victoria;
B. C. Returning, the Duke- will spend "a
week in Ontario, visiting Niagara ; and
other points; and will then sail down -the
St.' Lawrence to. the Thousand Islands.
Their Highnesses will entrain' again st
Montreal for St. John, N. B., and HaK
fax, and embark here October 15 for Eng
land, calling at St. Johns. N." F. for a
.few hours October 17. The royal train
to be used in ' Canada- is being built for
the occasion. . ¦ .. . «.*. i
HALIFAX, N." S., June 2.— The' Duke of
.York's visit to Canada was- officially an
nounced ,to--nlght. The royal party will
receive a'-grand state welcome 'at; Quebec,
the. place of landing,. September 16. They
will be guests of .Lord' ¦ StrathconI at
Montreal next; and will reach Ottawa
September 20 and depart September 24 for
the Pacific coast, stopping for short, in
tervals at W'.nnipeg, • Brandon, ¦¦< Regina
and Calgary e:i route. . , ¦ ¦¦ '•¦¦.— -.
Made of the Duke's
: Visit;
CANADA AWAITS
EDWARD'S SON
Official Announcement
- , a -— r*— — ¦: .-;;..; vVa:.^
DENVER, Col., June 2.— The University
Chapter of Beta Thcta Pi last night ini
tiated Into the fraternal mysteries Julian
H..; Moore,, a son of Blsflop Moore of the
Methodist church, and having dragged
him over the cacti to the Gamma Phi
chapter house, told him to remove his
shoes, steal into the dining-room and take
what silverware he could find, j It had
been prearranged with Mrs. Slocum, tho
preceptress, that she should appear on the
scene when the. would-b« robber was mak
ing his escape, call the janitor and have
the culprit locked up. The girls - decided
to take the Intruder into their charge and
young Moore found himself surrounded
by a dozen fair captors, who, after bind
ing t and blindfolding him,' locked him in
the pantry. ¦ The -Betas waited outside'for
an . hour, and then' John Stephenson and
Vincent Daniels climbed over the porch.
Mounting the roof, they let themselves
down through a skylight and.- to the great
surprise of the girls, admitted their com
panions. The - - Betas found their victim
eating pie in, the pantry and his pockets
full of salt-cellars and spoons.
New Student Is Forced
To Play Rple of
Burglar.
LIVELY PRANKS
OF COLLEAGIANS
Exciting Races in New- York.
NEW YORK, June 2.— A crowd: of more
than 70QD persons j saw, some exciting con
tests of {speed • to-day ', at the meet • on the
Vallburgjboard track. Results :• ; x r „, -- -
- Quarter-mile, . professional, i flying - start— Won
by Frank Kramer of East Orange ;¦ Floyd Mac-
Farland, : San Jose, Cal.", second-; H. > B. ' Free^
man, ; Portland, Or., third* .Time, >:27 4-5. '--/¦¦• r
' Five-mile,', professional, i handlcfepr-Won by H.
B." I Freeman (SO yards) ; Tom Cdoper {scratch),
second ;J- ; F.-/ A:-' MacFarland • (scratch), s * third ;
Hardy-- Downing-. ¦ Los ".Angeles ¦; (100 . " yards),
fourth." ..Time.: U:02 ; .V5. ; ,
BUFFALO, N.Y.. June 2.— The exhibit
buildings at 'the. -Pan-American Exposi
tion had their first open Sunday to-day.
While the gates have been open every
Sunday frorn 1 to 10 p. m., .the exhibit
structures have been closed to the public -
The Midway. -shows and the : Government
buildings were closed. The weather-was
changeable, 17 a v heavy * hailstorm occurring
early in' the "day and a heavy' f all* of; rain
alternating '¦¦¦ with . - sunshine fn' J - the j-af ter
iioon; ¦' To-night only four carloads fof ex
hibits remain '-'to be unloaded and the' in
stallation work'is rapidly nearlng an end.
-;*The Intercollegiate games to be held in
the -Stadium on Tuesday will' be in- the
nature of a dedication of^that great'arena
for athletic sports.' As a large number of
entries .have been" received from colleges
of -both, the East and the West- the event
will have national interest.", ; ¦'
CROPS ARE DAMAGED BY
HEAVY RAIN AND WINDS
One ; of the Severest Spring Storms
Known Passes Over,' Pittsburgh ;
:'¦ , : J>fVa'nd- ; y.icinity.y ¦'^^K
'PITTSBURG, Jtme S.^One of the heav
iest 'spring; storjns.icnowivf to the weather
bureau here" passed over' 1 this section to
day.,- Much! damage/ was done to prop
erty and; four people- were' badly hurt.: --:"
At Whittaker, a partly finished store and
dwellin-g ; was ; • wrecked, vburylng ¦ in the
ruins three boys, and .a man, all of .whom
were badly hurt/ ' Daniel Martin may ; die
from ";the effects I of 'the injuries. George
Marley. aged 15 years : : Frank Sturgis, 13.
and ¦ Daniel AShton . : 16, when dug ; out •> of
the ruins were in -bad- shape,, -but all will
recover. The ; boys had been playing ball
and ¦ took ; refuge from - the ; storm ; in , the
building. ... : . . • ...,,..-
The storm : lasted nearly fifteen minutes,
but in that time an - inch \ of , rain ' fell,
heavy hall ruined > crops and heavy winds
blew. down, many small ."houses. -_- .;."'. ¦••- ¦¦
American Exposition.
itors Away From the .. Pan-
Rain and Hailstones Keep Many Vis-
FIRST OPEN SUNDAY ;
i 'of exhibit .buildings
¦ .The paper advocates, as one of tlie best
means of meeting • this - friendly rivalry,
that. British employers and: workman
alike should visit | the United States and
observe for themselves American ousines3
methods;' and- it declares that, "the .fact
of. the two countries being inclespenaable
to each other.makes all plans of Euro
pean Industrial coalition agrainst the
United States an idle dream so .far as any
British participation '.is concerned.".
"It stamped, the royal- seal upon a na
tional welcome. There could have been
no more fortunate" suggestion at che out
set of this remarkable visit- of, the true
spirit' In which American business rivalry
is regarded in Great Britain."-- y- - '
LONDON, June 2.— The Daily Telegraph
in the course -'of an editorial upon Kin 1 !
Edward's- reception of the visiting, dele
gation from the New York Chamber of
Commerce", Saturday,- says:
can Visiting Delegation Is So
Viewed by English Press.
King Edward's Reception .to Ameri-
STAMPS THE ROYAL SEAL '
UPON A NATIONAL WELCOME
Two new buildings, will be^ erected— a
shop building and a memorial building-,
for P. X). Armour Sr. Co-education in the
future will be "no part-' of,, the school's
work. Since the establishment of the
Armour Institute the academy, which has
been conducted as a general preparatory
school, has been attended alike by young
men and women. In , restricting the fu
ture attendance to young men, the inten
tion is to make the academy conform
more closely to the work of preparing
students for the engineering course of the
institute. . '
CHICAGO,.. June 2.— Enlargement and
complete .reorganization of the Armour
Institute , of ¦ Technology will be efleoted
within the nest year. Rev. Frank W.
Gunsaulus, who a year ago resigned as
president, will again become the head of
the ' school, ~ : and his plans for radical
changes in the. conduct of the institute
will be indorsed by the trustees.
President Gunsaulus, Who Resigned
a Year Ago, Is to Resume Con
trol of the School.
WILL BEOHGANTZE ARMOUR
INSTITUTE OF TECHNOLOGY
.Miss Sartoris has had all her trousseau
made in Washington. The gowns filled
four large trunks, and are said to be as
dainty a collection "as . any fashionable
bride could wish for. ;The honeymoon will
be. spent on the Balfour estates in- Scot
land. . Mr. Balfour and his bride will make
their winter home in London.
mary Sartoris will attend the bride as
maid of honor. Unless the health of Mrs.
Grant and Mrs. . Sartoris improves consid
erably neither will be able to cross the
ocean to attend.
¦ ¦¦ ' — — - V
OAXACA, Mexfco, June 2.— Further de
tails Of the great fire which raged on the
Isthmus of Tehuantepec for several da> s
have been received here." 1 More than sev
enty people were unable to escape the
rapid progress of • the flames and were
burned to, death..
The fire started on a coffee plantation,
and' owing to the dimness of. the vegeta
tion it ¦ was soon beyond control ¦ and
wrought great destruction to growing
crops. Many, thousands of. acres of cof T
fee trees, bananas, orange trees and other
tropiqal. products were destroyed: ': '. •.
Those who met 'death in. the flam's were
all families' of plantation ' laborers. ¦ who,
being unable to escape the flre, periahed
in their huts. .The fire burned for ten
days and was .finally quenched by a heavy
tropical rain. I
More Than Seventy Per
sons Perish in the
Tehuantepec Fire.
FLAMES CLAIM
MANY VICTIMS
a NOTHER . of General . U. S.
J\ Grant's granddaughters, } Mis3
/lA\ Vivian Sartoris, 'is -soon to wed
A. XV a foreigner. The groom-elect is
Archibald Balfour, a cousin . of .
Arthur Balfour of Lord Salisbury's Cabi
net. The wedding will take place in July
at the London residence of Mrs. Gordon,
aunt of the bride-elect. Captain Algernon
Sartoris will go" to London tQ^ bestow the
hand of his sister in marriage. Miss Rose-
ship of his wife. They were in their, mar
ried life singularly helpful and consonant,
Herne being an ardent advocate >of. the
emancipation of woman, giving her an
equality with man before the law and be- !
fore society, as a means for purifying !
politics and elevating mankind. - Throe
daughters were born to them, Julia
Chrystal and Dorothy. •-
Mr. Herne's marked uuccesses as P.n
actor were in character parts, ranging
from Bill Sykes . in "Oliver Twist" to
Nathaniel Berry in "Shore Acres." His
first plays, "Hearts~bf Oak" and "The
Lighthouse on the Cliff" were produced in
this city in 1878: his "Minute Man" -at
Philadelphia In 1S85 and "Drifting Apart"
at the People's Theater in New York
City. "Shore Acres," the next of hU
plays, was not produced until after "Mar
garet Fleming," which was written ex- |
pressly for his wife, as were also the
"Minute Men" and "Drifting Apart.".'
"Shore Acres" was produced in- Chicago '.
in 1892, two years after the successful ;
production of -^'Margaret Fleming" at
Lynn, Mass. • . . . -
Mr. Herne toured the • country with
"Shore Acres" for a few seasons and. then '
produced two plays which did not meet'
public favor, r He quickly withdrew, them'
•and wrote "Sag Harbor." and it achieved
as great a triumph as did "Shore Acres."
The play was recently seen at the Colum- j
bia Theater by a road company. . -. »
Mr. Herne was a realist, both on and oft I
the stage. As an actor, he iived rather
than acted his characters, and In writing
he made his characters picture life as he
viewed it. He was simple in his habits '
and domestic in his traits. In nolitics he '
was independent, and in religion an evo
lutionist. He was 1 a disciple of Henry
George in his land philosophy, and be
lieved that free land means absolute lib
erty, not of one sex or of one class, but
of the race.
In many of the large cities of the East
and middle West Mr. Herne was i.ot only
popular as an actor but also as a lecturer
Thousands have listened to his views on
the question of "single tax." and the an
nouncement that Mr. Herne would deliver
an address on the subject' was suttlclent
guarantee of a crowded house.
Mr. Herne was stricken with illness
some months ago and he was obl'.g-ed to
relinquish : his role in "Sag-. Harbor" to
an understudy. Recent ad vices from New
York stated that the author-actor was
improving and ' that his return to -the
stage could be looked for.. The news of
his death was heard with deep regret last
night In theatrical circles here.
The , investigaton of the country's milk
supply will be the first Important prob
lem of which the directors will' take
hold. Their work' is . to be chiefly bac
teriological..* , ¦ •¦¦'* •'¦ .--.- -i- '.'.-. ;
. The work may go on for a year or two
before definite plans are made for a per
manent institution, i- , s • ;..-,,
The heads of the various laboratories
will have general charge of the investiga
tion, whether they happen to be direct
ors of the institute or not. Periodically
the' directors," whose Judgment 'will ", be
the sole ¦ regulator of • the expenditure of
the $200,000, will meet to discuss the re
sult of the work and will 'jointly give out
the - information which it. may have de
veloped " through the lnitiatorlal chan
nels. ¦ - : ¦.•¦;.. ¦-. • - ;-:¦¦•„ y, "•,;.;*'¦¦>
The work will be done at Columbia
University, Harvard University, the
University - of Chicago, the University of
Michigan, the University of Pennsylvania,
John Hopkins University, McGill' | Uni
versity of Montreal and the headquarters
"of the . New York Health Department.
The directors of the new Rockefeller in
stitute will have supervision over" It, but
it will be performed by physicians whom
they will employ and who will work
more or, less independently in the differ
ent places mentioned. *:¦:; ¦ ' . • - . ¦¦ ¦ . ¦ ¦
NEW YORK, June 2.— Within -a " r com
paratively jfew days the work on , Behalf
of - science *and "humanity which the new
ly incorporated .Rockefeller Institute.' of
Medical . Research is to- carry on j will be
started In" the pathological'- laboratories
of half a dozen universities. Indications
are that the. $200,000 which Mr.- Rockefeller
has given las • the- capital, of the* 'new
institute is a trifling sum compared to
what he contemplates giving, ultimately
to the cause. - *
Aim of Rockefeller In
stitute of Medical/
I Research.
Returning to this city Mr. Herne ac
cepted the management of the Baldwin
Theater, and it was -while playing there
that he met and was married to Katlier
ine Corcoran. Mr. Herne always credited
his greatest successes as an actor and all
his xeputation as a playwright to the in
telligent criticism and unfailing- friend-
WOULD PROMOTE
HUMAN HEALTH
From Washington Mr. Herne went to
the Walnut-street Theater, Philadelphia,
and thence to the Theater Royal, .Mon
treal. In Canada he engaged as leading
support to Helen Western, and traveled
with her for two seasons, subsequently
marrying her. At the end of the engage
ment he came to California, and opened
>ns a star at Platt's'Hall and at Maguire's
Opera-house in this city in 1864. He next
joined Lucille Western, a sister of Helen
Western, and. starred jointly with her for
several rears..
Mr. Herne delivered the opening address
at the inaugural performance at Ford's
Theater, a playhouse afterward made his
toric by the assassination .of President
Lincoln on April 14; 1865. -.'. ' . -.;
James A. Herne, actor and playwright,
was born at West Troy, New York, 1'cb
ruary 1, 1839. As a boy he attended the
public schools of Albany, New York. He
early displayed • histrionic talent, and
when 20 years old made nis first pi of es
siOnal appearance at the Adelpht Theater
in Troy. This engagement was made at
a salary of $6 per week. He afterward
went to Baltimore, where he became the
leading man of. the Holliday-street Thea
ter, and then to Ford's Theater, Washing
ton, both at that time under the manage
ment of John T. Ford.
NEW ' YORK, June ' 2.— James A.
Herne, the well known actor and
playwright, died at his home in
this city this afternoo'n of acute
bronchitis and pneumonia, alter
an illness of eight weeks. "Mr. Herne was
taken 111 in Chicago while playing in 'Sag
Harbor," a play of his own composition.
He came at once to his home, took to his
bed and never arose. It had been sup
posed for some days that he was improv
ing:, but Saturday night there was a
change for the . worse, which resulted
fatally. At hlsj bedside when he passed
away . were Mrs. -. Herne, . his three
daughters' and his 5-year-old son.'. The
body will be cremated. It has not yet
been decided when the funeral will be
held. .
THE, LATE JAMES A. HERNE, WHOSE DEATH REMOVES A STRIK- .
ING FIGURE FROM THE STAGE. THE ILLUSTRATION IS FROM A '
PHOTOGRAPH BY THE ELITE GALLERY.
mous vote, of^ the delegates who attended
the meeting * of \ the' Central Federated
Union this afternoon to ""reconsider the
action taken by the meeting on the pre
vious Sunday and- to give the committee
on rapid transit full power to effect a
settlement" the strike on the rapid transit
tunnel virtually is brought -to an end.
Strike Brought to an End.
NEW YORK. June 2.— With -the unani-
BOSTON, June 2.— The nine-hour com
mittee of the Machinists' Union estimates
that 2200 machinists in Boston and vicin
ity have secured the nine-hour workday
and an advance in wages demanded, and
that 5000 other workers within the terri
tory -.named have secured shorter hours.
Gelding & Co., printing- press makers, to
day granted their forty machinists the
concessions demanded and thq machinists'
strike is now confined to five shops, em
ploying in all 1720 hands.
Only Five Shops Are Now Holding
Out Against the New Wage
Schedule.
BOSTON MACHINISTS' ABE
WINKING THEIR STRIKE
It .was said no word had been received
cither from the striking machinists or
the superintendents of the shops where
they have been employed. Several tele
grams that came last night stated that a
considerable number of the strikers had
been around to announce that they would
report for work Monday morning, in con
formity to the company's ultimatum.
Officials of the company say the men
who do not return to-morrow will be
paid oft! ¦ .
Southern Bailway Company Will Pay
Off Hen Who I>o H"ot- Return _
Immediately. ; ;-. ,.
WASHINGTON. June 2— At the offices
of the Southern Railway Company to-day
Appeal to Presby
terian Asseinbly.
CHICAGO. June 2.— Prayer from the
Presbyterian Assembly and from preach
ers of every religious denomination was
requested for the success of the eight
hour workday by the Chicago Federation
of Labor at a meeting here to-day. The
federation formulated a telegram to the
eynod, now in session at JPittsburg, and
the Secretary was ordered to send the
message to-night ' -
In this dispatch the «ynod was re
minded that no scoring of labor unions
for meetings on Sundays would be neces
sary if the hours of labor were shortened
to the union standard of eight a day,
and that the Chicago labor assembly in
vited the synod and religious workers
throughout the countr y to inaugurate a
vigorous campaign of prayer for the suc
cess of the eight-hour movement.
From the declarations of President
Bowman and other speakers favoring the
sending of the message it was apparent
that it was intended as a bit of satire
amounting: to a rebuke to the synod for
the criticisms recently uttered against
union labor on v the floor of the religious
assembly.
STRIKERS WILL - REPORT
• BACK FOB "WOBK TO-DAY
Chicago Unions' Send an
LABOR LEADERS
ASK FOR PRAYER
LONDON. June S.— A dispatch' to the
Standard from Corunna says there has
been a general strike there since Friday.
The trouble : was instigated by employes
of Octroi. Civil guards fired on a mob in
the streets, killing eighteen and ..wound
ing many. Martial law has been pro
claimed, and cavalrymen' are patrolling
the streets of the city.' -Shops are closed
and business and .traffic are .at a stand
still. The local papers -have been sus
pended. Matters were outwardly <in!et on
Sunday. - - . ¦ ¦¦ "V __: . •¦¦ »«-ii.
Several of the leaders of the workmen's
union have been imprisoned. The balcon
ies of a number of the workmen's houses
are draped with crepe inscribed, "To the
martyrs of yesterday." The Captain
General has offered to release the leaders
If they will co-operate with th© authori
ties to restore order. It is said that the
Government has dismissed the prefect,
being dissatisfied with his action.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Martial Law Is Proclaimed
v and. Oayalrymen Patrol
the Streets.
Eighteen^Axe Killed and
Many Wounded in
Corunna. i
SPANISH GUARDS
SHOOT RIOTERS
but met 'Judge' 1 Watson of '• Ohio, an old
friend, oh*;the,way; r and the latter accom
panied him to the White , House. There
were many caller's at the White House
during the. day and' evening, ' making
anxious inquiries regarding Mrs. McKin
ley. With few exceptions they simply left
their cards after' being assured' by the
doorkeepers that there was no change in
Mrs. -McKinley's condition. .'¦.-. j
| Drs. Rixey and Sternberg were both in
attendance, at the White House during
the' evening, although the latter did not
remain very long. Dr. Rixey was at the
mansion for more than two' hours,-- and
when he left for the night, shortly be
fore 11 o'clock, he announced that at that
time' Mrs. McKinley was resting com
fortably, . as she had done all the after
noon. ¦•:•;: = .
Senator Elkins called on the President
during the evening, and was with him for"
about fifteen minutes.
McKinley, has sKowri'T&ntif kabla 'vitality,
but her ¦'¦ Illness i; has/ .' v so., reduced' her
strength as' to leav'e -her •veryj feeble* in
deed; • It is feared that' unless- iv change
for the 'better soon manifests /tself \ her
strength may, become so near exhausted
as to leave her. without rallying, power.' !
• The news given out by the '¦ physicians
in attendance , to-day was not reassuring:,
though- hope of better things continues.
After a consultation between the doctors
the following bulletin was. issued:
. "Mrs. McKinley 'passed a -comfortable
night, but her condition has not -natcrial
ly changed . since the report of yesterday."
There. were no further consultation's of
the physicians during 1 the * day. ..but Dr.
Blxey called during the evening and spent
some time' with the patient. In' response
to inquiries' fronv time to time the slale
mehtT was* made" that there- had ; oeen no
change. President McKinley spent rpost
of the day at? the bedside of his wifs,
though late in the afternoon he went out
for. an hour's drive. '".' He departed aloiie.
; Out'HopeVof Her Ultimate
¦: Recovery .,
"WASHINGTON, r June • 2.—MrsA-McKin
ley continues very- -weak. f& JKer condition
is not.' greatly changed : f roni' .' that . of yes
terday, but each day that elapses without
|a gain In j strength lessens her power | of
recuperation. • The | complaint -; which . came
hear ending her : life 1 : in' San 'Francisco is
still present. -: It- ia-in^-a-rtiehth^-less-afi'- |
gravated form,*: but -gives .the^physicians J
and the f President' 'much' concern. Mrs.'
Physicians Unable to. Hold
Each" Day Lessens the
; Patient's Power of )
\ ; v Recuperation. Y
MRS. M'KINLEY
FAILS TO RALLY
DEATH GALLS JAMES A. HERNE
FROM THE BUSY STAGE OF LIFE
Playwright -and Actor Whose Creation of "Shore
Acres" and "Sag Harbor" Endeared Him to
Theater-Goers 'Succumbs to Acute Bronchitis
CONGRESS MAY
MEET IN JULY
Cabinet* Member : j£drmts
Extra Session Is if 6w
\ Probable.
Depends Upon Opinion to Be
Rendered by Attorney
General.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CALL BUREAU, 1406 G STREET N. W..
WASHINGTON, June 2.— Officials of the
administration to-day . for the first tlnvs
since the announcement of the decisions
of\ the Supreme. Court in the insular cases
began to admit that there is a growing
possibility of an extra session of Congress
in July." - • ' , . , . ,*>¦:! i
If Attorney General Knox, after" a care
ful review of the decisions, concludes that
the President will not have "power under
the Spooner amendement to the army ap
propriation bill to impose duties on goods
going into the Philippines from the UniteU
States or coming into the United States
from the Philippines, the President wtil
seriously consider the advisability of issu
ing an immedate call for an extra session
of Congress.
| This statement is made on the authority
of a member of the Cabinet who is devot
ing much time to a study of the situation
raised by the decisions. Attorney General
Kncx and Secretary of War Root spent
several hours to-day discussing the legal
points involved. Mr. Knox is
hard on his opinion in order to have it
ready for the Cabinet meeting on -Tues
day. This meeting is expected to be ' of
great importance. The question which
will then be presented, and the one which
the Attorney General is now considering,
is whether the President will have tha
power not only to- promulgate a tariff for
the Philippines, but" to direct that either
the Dingley rates or some other rates of
duty shall be collected on goods coming:
from the "Philippines into- the ' United
States. . The only authority ¦which tho
President would have for such actinr*
would be. the Spooncr amendment to the
army appropriation bill.
BOBBERS SET FIRE TO
* A TOWN AND DESTROY IT
First Bob the Postofflce and Treasury
and Make Good Their
Escape.
BEAUMONT. Tex., June 2.— The town
of Jasper, capital of Jasper County, was
entirely wiped. out by flre to-day. Seven
teen .houses, including every business
house in the place and a number 'of resi
dences, were destroyed. The town has no
flre department.
Previous to the flre the postofflce safe
and the safe of the County Treasurer
were blown open and robbed. The con
clusion is that the burglars blew open
these safes and then set fire to tha town
to create excitement and afford them, an
opportunity .to escape.
The loss by fire is estimated at 1100,000.
The robbers escaped. It is not known how
big a haul they made. : ¦•
? . .¦¦'.-
Lightning 1 I>estroys Crops.
LONDON, June 3.— For several day3 in
: tense heat has prevailed over the Con
j tlnent, accompanied by heavy storms of
thunder and hall. In various sections the
crops have been destroyed and many
deaths have been caused by lightning.
Miss Vivian Sartoris Will in July Become the Bride
' of .Archibald Balfour, the CeremjJny to. Take
Place at the London Residence of Mrs. Gordon
GENERAL GRANT'S GRANDDAUGHTER
TO WED AN ENGLISH GENTLEMAN
.¦ . - '.•**. ¦ '¦'-¦:. ¦- ¦ ,-., ..- .* , „ . - . - '. « ¦ .. .
THE SAK TOA^CISCO CALL, MO^DAYy JUNE 3; 1901.
miss viviAn sartoris. granddaughter of^general "grant,
"who is to marry. archibald ealfour, a cousin of arthur
BALFOUR, THE BRITISH STATESMAN.
party.
2
ADVERTISEMENTS.
The first brewery of Jos. |^
Schlitz was a hut, but the §71
beer that was brewed there LeU|
was honest. That was fifty WS&
years ago. Today the mag- SpS
nificent Schlitz brewery TY]
forms a monument to that r||P|
From the very beginning P|m
the main object has been to pB3
attain absolute purity. In w$8a
Schlitz beer pure yeast was S!j/i
first introduced in America. sg2£
In the Schlitz brewery are |^j
all the inventions men have af^l
made for protecting beer tjLj
from impurities. fPPi
Schlitz beer is even cooled vjrx
in filtered air; then it is fil- Frn
tered, then sterilized. It is* W&&
well aged to avoid the cause |pa
of biliousness. , O_j
Ask your physician about |*|j|
Schlitz, the beer that made Ijffl
Milwaukee famous. F^M
Thonc Main 447, Sherwood & Sher- Sxspl
wood, 212 Market St., San Francisco ft^i
BBJETEBSiCfl, JMB%
Specialists. Di3- JK
ease and "Weakness |§g2j .- V
of men. Estab- iT^S
UshedlSSL Consul- IlTf.' 5^V
tation and privata ,^^A, '' — .*>• I-
book free." at office -• 1 ; ' -AaKvi '; •
or by mall. Cures .
guaranteed. 731 hSwHK^^P
Market street (ele- J?^&gk?<>%>
vator entrance;, j^l^- _/^tHHmL_
San Francisco. . .-,. '
BAJA CAi.IFQBJpA:
PamiahaMSer$
IS A GREAT fRESr(SRa?PT<fcE!/r INVIGORA-
tor and : rferyiae. :' 1Jt 2 k *« v-.-,-- > ¦ •/»/-
The moat woriderful-'abhrodrslac and ' Special
Tonic for the'Se^tOar OrgSMS, 1 for both sexe* -.>'
The • Mexican Rernedy for Diseases of tho Kid*
neys and- Bladder .'"¦SeH* o'h Us own merits.-. J
- .NABER, ALF3 & BRUME, Agents.
32S Market St., S. F.— (Send tor Circulars.)
/[ll H\ings come to „ \-
.. , those., wt^o yva/t-v
California i <^v
Chutney -ItIk 1
Sauce j^^
: ' Supplies a y*\ pfy"
fdng felt want ii\
f* r Oam b. Ste aks i "
Chops etc ;
¦~>/\IS*'&£5* AUGBOCpU.During May we received over one hun
dred cases of mouldings and fine frames
from the East, and our factory was run
ning to its fullest capacity,, giving us a
complete • stock -of . all the newest " and
daintiest patterns for summer and'? fall
trade. 'We have "a larger force at work
—more orders, and taking better car- of
them than ever before at this time of the
year. The generous custom of ali our
friends and the public in general is great
ly appreciated at this time. Sanborn.Vail
& Co./ 741 Market St.. . • ..
Picture Frames and Mouldings.
Oakland' Lodge No. 123. of the Fraternal
Brotherhood, but one | year old, . already
has a membership of more than 500. It
will give a picnic at Sunset Park on the
19th of June,^ leaving the Market-street
ferry for that point- at 8:15 a. m.
. Harmony Lodge No. 69 has decided to
adopt ' the name San ¦ Francisco. This
lodge has been gaining an enviable repu
tation'for the entertaining, socials it ha a
been giving of, late. The lodge proposes
to keep these up, as it appears to attract
the membership. " -:¦¦¦-..
The lodges in Sacramento, Stockton,
Llvermore and San' Jose are reported \ as
continually adding to the membership. '
Fraternal Brotherhood.
CINCINNATI. June 2.— Rev. Thomas H.
Pearne, aged 81 -years, and for sixty one
years a minister in the Methodist church,
died at his home here last night. He was
.United States Consul in the British West
Indies during part of his missionary esrv
ice. . . '
Rev. Thomas H. Pearne.
NEW YORK. June 2.-Richard. C. Mc-
Cormick died at. his home In Jamaica,
L. I., to-day. He was born in this city
in 1832. In 1866. he -was appointed Terri
torial Governor of Arizona. He served In
this capacity until 15C9. He was" Assist
ant Secretary of the United States Treas
ury in 1877-78, and was elected : to Con
gress in 1835. serving one term. He served
as United States representative at • the
"Paris Exposition in 18S9. He married a
daughter of the late Senator Thurman of
j Ohio, who survives him.
Richard C. McCormick.
BERLIN, . June 2.— Emperor William
cent a very sympathetic.telegrajn of con
dolence to Countess Wilhelm von Bis
marck upon the death of her husband.
Sends Message of Condolence.
MEMPHIS. Tenn., June 2.— Max Rosen
stein, a- well known young man, . was
drowned to-ni?ht by the sinking of the
gasoline launcn Sapho in the river In
front of the custom house.
Drowned on River Front.
The Junior Order.
Reports from various parts of the State
show that the several councils are doing
well, adding to the membership at every
meeting.. It is said if this increase is
kept up for the Jiext few months the
order will make the best showing to the
State Council* that has ever been made
General Georgre A. Custer Council at it«
meeting last Tuesday received three ap
plications and - Inducted three strangers
Into the mysteries of. the order. This
council has. for. some time past been ad
mitting strangers by initiation at every
meeting, and the - prospects for the cur
rent term are most flattering. The coun
cil ' has arranged for an entertainment
and dance on next Tuesday evening, and
the committee promises a most enjoyable
time to air who sh,all attend. . .
MADRID. June 2.— The Spanish military
attaches^at the various embassies and le
gations abroad have been/withdrawn for
reasons of economy. .¦:•";.¦; •
Military Attaches Withdrawn.
Quartermaster's Clerk Short in/ His
.' Accounts to Extent of More- ¦
' • Than S1OOO.
Detective -McMahon, who was detailed
to "find Richard Clayton* the defaulting
quartermaster's clerk -on the. transport
Sheridan, has so jj far been unsuccessful.
Clayton failed to show -up at .his usual
haunts Saturday night or yesterday, and
it is supposed he has > fled from the city.
Policeman Freel was detailed .yesterday
to assist McMahon and if Clayton is still
in the city his arrest is a foregone con
clusion. . ; , ': . - ¦
¦ Clayton was formerly connected :wlth
the transport Logan and bore a -good
reputation. When the deficiency in his
accounts was discovered, he . promised to
make it good and .was allowed to leave
for that purpose, but he never came back.
It is said that the shortage amounts to
about $1200. ; '
Thirtieth Annual Picnic of the Pro
tective Union Held at Schuet
. zen Park.
SAN RAFAEL, June 2.— The thirtieth
annual picnic of the Retail Grocers' Pro
tective Union of San Francisco was held
to-day at Schuetzen Park. About 3000 peo
ple attended and enjoyed -a good time.
The day was warm but this did not stop
the merry grocers from dancing all day,
nor displaying their prowess at the differ
ent games and contests and. many" valua
ble prizes went to the. winners. .
The commitiees in charge of the picnic
were as follows: • . /
General ' committee of arrangements— Vice
President D. W. Frlscbe, chairman; James K.
Taylor, secretary; J. T. Hurley, Hermann
Methmann. Henry Hartje, J. Q. Florence, II.
¦Wolklng, Ij. H. Kohn, Charles Luhre, Charles
HennlnR, George Wilkens. S. Vock, Dick Itjen.
M. J. Dempsey, Kdlef . Atzeroth, G«orge Bar
tels, William Boger, J. B. Mahony, J. M.
Foege, James O'Connor, Valentine Hassmer;
Jerry Dugan, Carsten Luhrs, William Morken,
F. W. Mack,' P. J, Ryan, J. F. Bullwlnkel,
Dick Hennlng. F. P. Creede, George Bastlan
and Charles Venker. ¦ . .
Reception committee— Valentine Hassmer,
chairman; James O'Connor, J. D. Slemers, • J.
G Florance, James Rellly, S. Vock, John D.
Heise, J. B. Mahony, M. W. Bergin, John F.
Bullwlnkel. Charles Venker, J. M. Foege, Fred
Hartje, Fred Meyer.' H. " F. Michaels, Fred
Steimke, ,H. C. Me'sel, John Plath, Louis
Kchoefeld. Henry Kohn. . ' ,.
Floor committee— William'Bastian. floor man
ager;. Carsten Luhrs, William H. Welby, Cord
Meyer. - ' V .,¦-.• . . . ¦• :* \
' Games committee — Georgre Bartels, chairman;
J. T. Hurley. William Ring, Henry Hartje,
Jerry Dugan, M. J. Dempsey, ¦ L... H. Kohn, J.
B. Mahoney,' James K. Taylor, H. Wolklng.
DETECTIVES SEARCHING.
: FOR RICHARD ; CLAYTON
RETAIL GROCERS MEET %
FOR JUNE MERRY-MAKING
WASHINGTON. June 2.— The . Depart
ment of Transportation reports 1024 steam
and sail vessels of XW.7S9 gross tons built
in the United States and officially regis
tered during the eleven months preceding
June L Of these 640 were* built along th'}
Atlantic and the Gulf, 135 on the Pacific
Coast, 43 on the Great Lakes and 156 on
Western rivers. The number of wooden
vessels continues to be far greater than
those of steel, although the total Includes
14 steel sailing vessels and 91 steel steam
ers. The gross tonnage is about -30 per
cent more than that, of the same period
last year. ' ...
Ships "Went Into Service During
, / Past Eleven Months.
Kore Than One Thousand American
gTVTA.T.T. PERCENTAGE OF- x
•NEW VESSELS ARE OF STEEL
Killed at a Railroad Crossing.
ERIE, Pa., June 2.— While driving
across the tracks of the Lake Shore
Railroad, 'sixteen miles east of Erie to
day, Hugh Walters and Michael Fin'dley
were killed and Bruce Hazlett fatally in
jured. - Their rig was struck by the fast
mail going at -a terrific speecL The men
lived at Findleys Lake, n/y.
Daniel D. Blackburn, Who Came to
This State in the Pioneer Days,
Passes Away. ..
PASO ROBLES,- June 2.— Daniel D.
Blackburn, a pioneer and the founder of
Paso Robles, died here at 1 o'clock to
day, aged 85 years. His death was
caused by extreme age. He was born
at Harpers Ferry in 1816, and came to
California in 1849 with D. W. James
now of San Francisco. He founded the
town of Paso Robles,, and built the fa
mous Paso Robles Hotel. A widow and
ten children survive him. He was a
prominent Mason.
PASO EOBLES' FOUNDER
DJES . AT ADVANCED AGE
NEW YORK, June 3.— The Sun has this
from Baltimore: An anonymous letter
has been received by Harry Lehr." from a
crank, threatening his 'life. The missive
says that the popular young society*man;
who will wed Mrs. John yinton Dahlgrcn
In New York to-morrow, 'will be shot at
the altar. Mr. Lehr is riot; in* town to
night, but frienSs in his confidence vouch
for the authenticity of the statement.
It has also leaked out that an enterpris
ing printer has duplicated the cards of
admission to the services at the church
and has disposed of thousands of them.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
VICTORIA. B. C. June 2.— Captain Clar
fnce Ccx, one of the- best known sealing
• aptains. who for years cruised to Bering
£f a and latterly had been master of river
Eteamen on the Yukon, died suddenly at
his residence this morning. Heart failure
5s said to have beeii the cause.
Prominent Sealing Captain Dead.
Portland Man's Suicide.
FERGUS FALLS. Minn., June 2.— A
stranger who last night came to the O.
<-idental Hotel and -registered as. George
Gilbert of Portland. Or., was this moru
ir.fj found lying on the noor of his room
with a bullet hole in his forehead. He died
a short lime afterward without regaining
<onFciousness. Gilbert had evidently
kilJed himself. He was 30 years of ajre,
well dressed and had considerable money.
Chlco and also a member of the Sutter
Fort trustees. The Governor has also
accepted the resignation of A. B. Spreck
els of San Francisco as a mem
ber of the State Board of Ag
riculture and the resignation of D. E.
Hays of San Francisco as a member of
the State Board of Prison Directors; also
nt George M. Hawley and J. E. O'Brien
as members of the San Diego Harbor
Commission.
The Governor has appointed Dr. W. J.
Hawkins of San Francisco to be a trus
tee of the State Normal School at San
Francisco, vice M. Cooney. deceased.
Men Occupying State Positions Give
Up Places and Normal School
Trustee Is Named.
SACRAMENTO, June 2.— Governor Gage
has. .accepted the resignation of s Frank
D. Ryan as a member of the board of
trustees of the State Normal School at
GOVERNOR ACCEPTS
SEVERAL RESIGNATIONS
CHICAGO. June 2.— At a meeting to-day
of- the Chicago Protective League, which
formerly was the Jewish Peddlers*
¦Union, an appeal for justice was made for
the entire Jewish race, both rich and poor.
It was pointed out by numerous speak
ers that, while the poor and ignorant were
assaulted on Chicago streets, the wealthy
and educated were reviled and insulted on
frequent occasions. It was declared that,
regardless of the persecutions of the Jews
in Russia, they waie safer from, assault
and insult in that country than they were
on the streets of Chicago, and the charge
was made that the laws of Russia were
better, enforced than were the laws of the
city of Chicago.
Severe criticism was directed toward
many individual members of the Chicago
police force for their failure to furnish
protection to the members of the associa
tion.
Declare Their Race Is Safer
in Russia Than in the
Lake City.
-. * « X I w- ' V - - >1 i „- M ¦ ¦ '
Special Dispatch to The Call. .
CHICAGO JEWS APPEAL
AGAINST PERSECUTION
BINGHAMTON. N. Y., «June 2. r
Michael Doran, who has slept for two
years, has been discnarged aft cured from
the BInghamton State Hospital. When
he was sent to that institution his case
puzzled the doctors. He had an uncon
trollable desire to sleep. and his naps be
came longer and longer. All efforts to
awaken him proved unavailing and finally
he went to sleep and remained in a som
nolent state for two years, his only mpve
ment being to turn from one side to the
other, as though restless.
It was found necessary to feed him.arti
ficially and he remained in this state until
four months ago, when the attendants
noticed an occasional flutter of the eye
lids. This lasted for several days and then
as a man carrying bread passed through
the ward he asked for "bread," the first
word spoken in two years. It was given
him and from that time he recovered rap
idly, until he was able to go out in the
sunshine. This quickly restored the use
of ihis limbs and now he has been dis
charged as perfectly cured of any desire
to take lengthy naps.
• Special Dispatch to The Call.
Case of a New York State
Hospital Patient Puzzles
Physicians.
TWO YEARS OF SLEEP
RESTORES HIS HEALTH
Groom-to-Be Is Warned, That
He Will Be Shot at
the Altar.. - •
CHEERFUL PROSPECT
FOR HIS WEDDING DAY
LOUISVILLE, Ky., June 2.—Pocahon
tas, a pigeon owned by S. J. Schreck,
broke the local homing pigeon record to
day by flying from Alligator Lake, Miss.,
a distance of 400 miles on an air. line, in
nine hours s.nd forty-one minutes.
Homing Pigeon Breaks Record.
LOS ANGELES, June 2.— Miss Marie
Schwartz, a • well-known society girl of
this" city; was married yesterday- to
Charles W. Reed of Boston by the Rev.
Dr. Webb of the 'First Presbyterian
Church. -After . the ceremony the couple
went to the Arcadia Hotel, Santa Monicd.
Mr. and Mrs.. Louis Schwartz, parents of
the bride, learned of the wedding several
hours after the ceremony. When seen at
the family home, on . South .' Flower street
Schwartz had • just heard . the news
through his youngest daughter, Miss
Laura Schwartz, who was the only one in
the- family let into the secret. Schwartz
said he had" no objection to Reed as a son
in-law.^ - .... ¦ • — '. ¦
Marries Without Telling Parents.
Two Prisoners Escape and Police Au
thorities Are Searching the .
Hills for Fugitives. :
REDDING, June 2.^-Oscar Kohlsdorf,
awaiting sentence for burglary, and
George Brannon, who was to have been
examined Monday for grand larceny,
sawed their way through the window bars
of the County Jail' to-day at noon and
made their escape. No one outside the
prison saw them at 'the time of their de
parture. • " ' •
Police officials • are scouring the hlll3
west of, town in "search of the fugitives
and.it is. believed they cannot elude cap
ture. •
CtJT THEIR WAY OUT '-'
* . OF THE REDDING ' JAIL
SHASTA HEAXTH OFFICER
TELLS OF THE SMATXPOX
Authorities Believe . They Have ths
Disease Under Control, but They
Advise Precautions. ,
REDDING, June 2.— It is believed hero,
that Shasta County in general and' Red
ding in particular Is being injured by ex
aggerated reports of the prevalence of
smallpox In this region.. As a result Dr.
B. E. Stevenson, county health officer, has
given out the following statement of the
facts In the case:
"In justice to the public and notably the
traveling public It lr. but fair to make a
statement of facts. -We have in.. Redding:
four cases of smallpox, three of which are
In strict quarantine at their, homes and
the .remaining one is quarantined in a
tent on the hospital farm. Anderson has
oup case, Frank Sprague, nearly recov
ered, but still under 'Strict ¦ quarantine.
Copper City has seven In all, under strict
quarantine. Keswick has none reported.
Iron Mountain has one suspicious case,
'reported by Dr. . C. J. Teass, who has
Isolated the 'patient and is awaiting, de
velopments.']. This may not be smallpox.
We health .officers believe we have the
disease under-full control, -but would ad
vise all persons- not- to neglect any proper
precautions." . .<
their, fancy leads, them and staying just
as long as they please. | On Friday after
noon Mrs. . Poyot '¦ entertained some
friends at euchre in her apartments at
the Palace." There were, nine tables.
Mrs. W. M. Hardy won the first prize, a
set of Browning, and 'Mrs. Henry L.
Dutton carried off the second prize, a cut
glass dish, -Mrs. Wm. Dutton got the con
: solation prize, a Dresden cup and saucer,
and Miss Ida Lewis was awarded the
lone hand prize, a magnificent Dresden
'chocolate pot.
• • • •
Mrs. Frank Carolan is once again re
sto'red to perfect health. She left the
hospital on Saturday laet. Mrs. Frank
Griffin Is also now on the road to com
plete recovery, and all her inquiring
friends have received the most encourag
ing reports.
Marie Wells has gone to the Yosemite.
This is Miss Well's third visit to the val
ley, and still she enjoys It. Best' of all
things Marie loves her. horse, and the
fact that there are so many opportuni
ties for the winsome lass to ride in the
beautiful country probably explains, her
fondness for it
Mr. and Mrs. Sam Buckbee have taken
a cottage at San Rafael for the sum
mer. Mrs. Buckbee Is a delightful
hostess, and has always entertained ex
tensively during the summer. This year
Never, was' I there a more thoroughly
Jolly garden party than the one over
at Casa Boyd, San Leandro, on Saturday.
Mrs. Colin M. Boyd is a perfect hostess,
and the ladies of St. Mary's Guild real
ized that fact perfectly. A delicious
lunqheon served on the velvety lawn
was not among the " least of the day's
many delightful attractions. .. :
K-W-I"I"i"I"l"I"I"M-M"M"I"I I"! I ! !¦¦!¦ •
Mr. and Mrs. Charles B. Alexander are
now at their place at Tuxedo Park,"
where they will make a short stay pre
vious to leaving for Monterey, where
they have arranged to spend the- sea
son. '• ' .
. ' - • • • •
Mr. and Mrs. Osgood Hooker, Mr. and
Mrs. Bla.ndir.sr and Miss Susie Blanding
and Mrs. Edith Coleman-have also de
cided to spend the summer months at
San Jose. .
¦ Mr. • and Mrs. Robinson and their
charming daughter. Elena, have come to
San Jose for the summer.. Miss Robin
son was without exception the most pop-
ular debutante of last ¦ winter. She is
round and rosy, and good natured j and
charming, and, unlike the other • girls,
does not pine to be of the. dimensions
a lead pencil. . . .
she is in mourning, and although many
will enjoy her hospitality there will be
r.a elaborate entertaining.
MRS. FREDERICK HEWLETT, THE BELOVED AND POPULAR PRESI
DENT OF THE CENTURY CLUB, FAMOUS FOR HER RARE TACT,
GOOD TASTE AND WONDERFUL STOCK OF PATIENCE. . .
"You talk about your democracy. Bah!
I tell you democracy has been trie'd In
the balance and failed. The . government
of the people by the people ' and for the
people is twaddle. I stand loyal to the
flag and countenance no revolution, but
I demand here and now that the name of
God must be placed foremost in the con
stitution of the United States and the
supreme authority of God over all things
must be recognized. ¦ . • .
"Listen to the first message of the
prophet," he demanded. "You must pay
your tithes and offerings into the store
house of God. Accursed be ye if ye would
seek to rob his house of its fullness by
not obeying this, his will, sent through
Elijah." • > - ..
Proclaims Himself Elijah
/ Returned to Live
llil^illi
Threatens With' Dire j Punish
ment' Tliose i Who Refuse
. , Him Tithes.
CHICAGO, June 2— "I am j Elijah,^the
prophet, who appeared first ; as Elijah'
himself. ! second as "John I the Baptist and
who now comes/in rae.'.thp restorer of all
things. Elijah . was a prophet, John was
a preacher, but I'combine.f in myself the
attributes of prophet, priest and ' ruler
over men.; -Gaze on me, then"; : I say. It
fearlessly. ¦' Make '-' the > most ; of ; it, you
wretches in ecclesiastical garb. , I am he
that is the; living physical and spiritual
embodiment of Elijahand' my commission
on earth ; a second 1 time. has been prophe
sied by Malichi,.>by God himself, by his
son Jesus, -by. Peter and 3000 -years ago
by Moses. Ml who believe me to be in
very truth arl of this will stand up."
And more, than 3000 people rose to their
feet and" -greeted the declaration with
cheers and hand clappings. ; ¦
John ' Alexander Dowie, true to . his
promises, made this statement from the
platform .of the Auditorium to-night in
the presence of 5000- people. It was the
.culmination of a frenzied speech, in which
he denounced; everybody and everything
not in Zion, cursed the Pope and the Ro
man Catholic- church, spat 'literally at
"Masonry, ; the . newspapers and the bank
ers of. Chicago ' and ¦' raged i - and - • tore - up
and down the stage like a madman.
. "Understand- well what I I mean," he
continued: "I ywlll.take no counsel' in' my
methods of government. , I have come to
prcfclaim theocracy, pure and simple, the
government* of God, by God and for God,
and I will- never rest until all other forms
of government have been driven from the
earth. ' . . ' * i • . ' ' " '-,-
DOWIE SPEAKS
AS A PROPHET
MAYBE we did not all get ex
cited last week, .when it
was discovered that we, the
jjonerous public, who dipped
our hands Into our pockets
and brought forth the shin-'
S Ing subscriptions, were the
true entertainers of the President. The
Henry Scotts Just let him have the use
of their home, but We — and It was a glo
rious privilege— we paid his board bill. I
cannot understand how Henry Scott with
such a chance to do the generous, passed
the opportunity along.
And oh, what a gossiping it caused over
the teacups! And the many exclamations
j that were flung into the air. The. general
cry seemed to" be, however, that such a
thing had never, .in the history of hos
pitable California, been heard of before.
"Entertaining on such lines." said one
smart matron, "is dead easy. It was
nothing to. let tlie President use their city
'roof for cover. They are at their place at
Burlingame. Any of. us could and would
have done as much at so little an outlay,
and with such glorious returns."
I tried to dr.iw a dear, sweet, generoua
and well-known society woman into the
discussion.
"I offered ray home to the President,"
she said, "and would have .considered it
an honor to have had him for my guest."
.That Is as far as she would commit
herself. However,. I could read between
the words that had the President accept
ed, the citizens would not have had the
privilege of ' paying the caterer.
All the fun, though, is not confined to
one camp. The Ohio Society got. its little
surprise. It oa'me in the shape of a
laundry bill for the washing of a military
guest's linen-. As the general is worth
only about five millions, the Ohioans
must be excused for the gasp they gave
when they got the laundryman's account.,
* . * • •
What a glorious place the Voorhleses
have. I never saw it show up so beauti
fully as on ' Saturday, the.. day that
made sweet Anna Voorhies and Tom
Bishop one. I do not believe that any
other house in this city can boast' of so
many pieces- of old mahogany as can be
found up at the Voor-hles place. There is
a wonderful table and sideboard in a din
ing hall quite worthy of them, and a ta
ble more wonderful still in the bright and
cosy library. The library table is the
one on which Fresident Madison signed
the treaty of Ghent and the Voorhieses
value it beyond everything. Some of
Anna's presents were quite In keeping
with the many valuable old pieces of fur
niture in her home. One of. the presents
was a set of twelve silver candlesticks,
low and broad, and altogether ancient as
to pattern and design. Two other darling
candlesticks found. among the splendid
gifts were tall and graceful and slender,
just such ones as all collectors pine to
possess.
I never saw a family so uniformly
handsome and all gowned so beautifully
as were the Voorhies ladies on Saturday.
Mrs. Voorhies looked magnificent in a
gray satin gowr. trimmed with some rare
old Duchesse lace. Miss Voorhies was a
stunning pictuie In fluffy white chiffon
and Mrs. Malcolm Henry, nee Voorhies,
was radiant in white crepe with a dash
of pink at the neck and waist. •
• • •
Mr. and Mrs. Henry Payot left yester
day for Denver en route to Buffalo. The
Payots are about to travel again in their
own delightful fashion, going wherever
HUSBAND FACES
MURDER CHARGE
Kansas Suspect Claims
Eis Wife Committed
Suicide.
Says He Buried Her Secretly
in Order to Avoid
Disgrace.
Klensmire is a farmer. 48 years old, tall,
pp&re and uneducated. He talks with hes
itation and appears dull of mind. .The
possibility that he will be tried for mur
der seemed secondary to the disgrace that
would result from the publicitj' of the af
fair. Klensmire was born near Holton,
and has always lived in that vicinity. His
mother and two or three brothers and
sisters live there and are prosperous and
respected. •
All this was got from Klensmire In
short, hesitating sentences. Asked aboui
the condition of his wife's crushed head,
he said:
"Maybe the dirt falling on it mashed it
in. • 1 would not strike her."
There was no more than two feet of dirt
over the body when it was found.
My wife and I disagreed frequently, but I
usually let her have her own way. Just before
her death she was very angry because I
¦wanted to sell some land to which she had
Klsned a deed. She said she would leave me.
But I did not want people to know she had
left me. and told her to say she was going
away en a visit. We had a few words on
Sunday (May 12) about it. She went away,
and later I found her -body hanging from a
rcpe in the barn. I took her down, but was
ai'raid of the disgrace and hid her body in the
ftraw. The next day I buried her. I told the
«Ii!ldren she had gone to Texas, and the tele-
Rrsm I had sent EKylng; that she was dead was
intended to keep them from knowing she had
k;i!ed herself.
• When arrested to-day Klensmire was at
the depot waiting to take a train, as. he
said, for Hoi ton. ¦When told that he was
wtmted on suspicion of having murdered
his wife he refused for a time* to talk.
Then he declared that his wife had com
muted suicide on .May 12. On the follow
ing morning, he said, .when he found the
poay hanging from the rafters in their
house, he took it to the trench and buried
it. Klensmire denied that he Had mur
dered his wife. He was traced to Kansas
City, Kans.. by a Tcpeka detective, and
said that he hud arrived here on May 30.
He was taken to Topeka to-night.
Avlensmire was supposed to have gone
to Texas, but it appears that detectives
who have been working on the case traced
him to Kansas City yesterday. On Friday
List the . Klensmire children, in Holton.
received a telegram from Texas and ap
parently frpm their father stating that
-ills. Klensmire had died there of yellow
fever. Following: the finding of the body,
the mysterious murder in 1S92 of Paul
Swetlick. Mrs. Klensmire's brother, who
tarried $66,000 life insurance In favor of
the Klensmlres, was brought forth as a
suspicious circumstance, and this led to
coupling - Klensmire's mvsterious disap
pearance with the murder of his wife:
J^naHr Klensmire was Induced to make
the following statement:
KANSAS CITT, Mo.. June 2.-W. H.
Klensmire, whose wife was yesterday
found murdered near their home at Hol
ton. Kaas., buried in a shallow trench,
was arrested In Kansas City, Kans., to
day. Marks on the body, which Is be
lieved to. have been burled since May 29,
Indicated that Mrs. Klensmire's skull had
been crushed with a <Slub and suspicion
was directed against the husband, who
disappeared on that date.
SOCIETY
ANENT SCOTT HOSPITALITY
AND SOME BITS OF GOSSIP
BY SALLY SHARP.
.THE :y SA#i FRANCISCO; ; CAIiIi,' -MONI)iY;:'rJ,UNE' ; 3,t' ?»??•
3
THE DAY'S DEAD
fi* OCEAK TBJLVEL.
Pacific Coast, Steamship Co.
'^ . . Steamer* . leave Broadway
¦t . ' Wharf. . San Francisco: \ •
Hafej^. For Alaskan ports— 11 a. m..
ffl^_ Juna 5, 10, 12. 20. 23, 30. July
hPKB% 5- Change to company' 3
! BsVbWI\K9 steamers at Seattle.
For Victoria. Vancjuver (B.
I BB^||<Si C). Port -Townsend. Seattle.
P^mH Tacoma, Everett, Anacor-.es
and New Whatcom (Wash.)—
--^ 11 a. m., June 5, 10, 15, 25. 25. SO,
July 5. and every flXth day thereafter. Change
at Seattle for this company's steamers for
Alaska and G. N. Ry.: at. Seattle or Tacoma
for N. P. Ry.; at Vancouver to a ?.^Rj. -
For Eureka and Humboldt Bay— 1:30 p. m..
June 2. 7. 11/ 16. «. 26, July 1. and every firm
day thereafter. • •
For San Diego, stopping only at Santa Bar-
' bara. Port Los Angeles and Redondo (Los An-
geles) — Steamer Queen. Wednesdays. 9 a. m ;
steamer Santa Rosa, Sundays. 9 a. m.
For Los Angeles, calling at Sant* Cms. .
Monterey, San Simeon, Cayucos, Port H-irford
fSan Luis Oblapo), Gavlota. Santa Barbara..
Ventura, Hueneme. San Pedro. East San Pe-
dro. .•Newport <*Corona only)— Steamer Corona.
Saturdays. 9 a. m.; steamer Bonlta, Tuesdays.
9 a. m.
For Ensenada, MagdaJena Bay. San Jose del
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata, La Paz. Santa. Rosa-
lia and Guaymas (Hex.) — 10 a. m., 7th each
month. ¦ .
For further Information obtain*, company's
folders.* . , .
The company. reserves th» rlrht.to chan**
steamers, sallins dates and), hours of sailing
without previous notice. ' - - ¦
TICKET OFFICE— 4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL, PERKINS £ CO.. Gen. Asents.
• 10 Market St.. San Francisco. •
O. R.&N.CO.
. ' Only Steam«hlp Zdn. _«o
PORTLAND, Or.,
And Short Rail Line from Portland to alt
points East. Through tfckets to all
points. »V mV <->r» utejunnSm «*>irl rail, at
XjO-WTEIS-X* RATES.
BTEAMEK TICKETS INCLUDE BERTH tad XXAL3.
SS. COLUMBIA.. Sails June 2. 12, 22 • July 2 13
SS. GEO. W. ELDER... '
'.'. Sails June 7. 17. 27. July 7. 17. 27
D.W.HITCHCOCK. Gen. Act. 1 Montsom*y.S.F.
TOYO KI»KAISBA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, at 1 p m
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hiogo), Nagasaki and Shanghai and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for
India, etc. No cargo received on board on
day of sailing.
BS. HONGKONG MARU.Saturday, June 22. 1901
SS. NIPPON MARU...W*dne9day. July 1? 1901
SS. AMERICA MARC. Saturday. Aug. 10. 1901
- Round trip tickets • at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's office.
421- Market street, corner First. I
• . -. W. H. AVERT. General Agent/
Occaiflc8.8.co.E«s
ES. ZEALANDIA (Honolulu only). .......I.'; : '-*:.
Saturday. June- i. S p. an
SS. VENTURA (via Honolulu) for Samoa.
• New Zealand and Australia.
• .- Thursday, June 20, 10 a. m.
SS. AUSTRALIA for Tahiti
:Sunday. Juna 30. at 4 p. rn.
I D.SPRE61EIS k BROS. CO., finara! Igenfs. 327 larbt St
fen'l Passsngsr Offica, 643 Marfcit St., Piar lo. 7. Pacific St
PANAMA R.1 UX
TO NEW YORK VIA PANAMA DIRECT.
Cabin. 91O5; Steerage^ 94O.
¦S. S. Leelanaw • sails Monday, Jan* 3
8. S. Arftyll sails Monday, Jane 24
8. 8. Leelanaw nails Monday. July 15
From Harrison-street WTiarf at 2 p. ra.
"Freight and passenger of flee,- 330 Market st. 2
F. F. CONNOR. Padflc Coast Agent. .-
C0KPAONIE .OSKEBALS TRAN3ATLA5TIQCS
DIRECT UNE TO HAVRE-PARI3. -^.^ -
Saillns every Thursday, instead; of 4&3O%
Saturday, at 10 a. m.. from Dier 42, ~3«*WEs»
North River, foot of Morton street. La Cham-
pagne, Jilne 6; *La Lorraine, June 13; *L'Aqul-
taine. June 20; La Brttnrne. June 27. .-- :. "¦' '
First class to Havre, {33 and upward. Seeoml
class : to Havre. . J45 and upward. GENERAL
AGENCY. FOR UNITED STATES and • CAN-
ADA,'. 23 < Broadway •¦ (Hudson ' building), - Ne*r
York. , J.y F. FUGAZI.. & CO.. Pacific Coast.
Agents,' 5' Montgomery avenue. San Francisco.
Tickets sold -by all Railroad Ticket Agents. •
?Twin Screw Express Steamers. ¦
-. SAT '¦ AND ; Ttm V>to- STJHA3£EB3.
fOR\U. SSNAYY^YARD AND YALLEJD.
GEN? FRI3BEB or M0M0BLLO .
•0:45 a. m., 3:15 and 8:30 p.- m. (except Son-
day): Sunday, 9:43 a. m., 8:30 p. m. Leaves
Vallejo .7 a.-m., 12:S0-noon, -6- p. m. (except
Sunday): Sunday 7 a.m.. 4:15- p. m. Far« M
cents. Telephone ¦ Mala 1503. HATCH BBOS.
is recommended
' because its -siiper-
1 (^^K^> ior tonic qualities ;
: ¦ 1^^ are thoroughly
established by the infedical fraternity
and all users universally.: It gives
appetite- healthj yi^% wfelcomed
by the new mother^ the aged, the weaky
- :6'the; convalescent. Vi^^^ : ;;V.r
Anh^u^r-BiischBrcw^
*¦¦¦ „;':',:¦ /•^^•¦¦.¦¦: ¦ -: :^ ¦/st.-Loiiis^u^s.-A.-':;^.^^-^^ ¦¦-¦ ::--,..:- : -:.. : .
.;.:. .Brewers of the Original Budweiserj Faust, Michelbb.Anheuser-Standard,
v; Pale-Lager,i Export Pale,: Black & Tanand Exquisite. . - ' ;
jgf*"***. ¦ Strictly Reliable.
jp^J Dr.Talcott
S i-^i ' co. .
)&£j$#F ' Diseases and
_>/ Weakness o*
fTOlMEN ONLY
THERE IS _NO SUCH CONDITION A3
weakness In a 'man under fifty years of tee,
other than general debility. . Prematurenesa.
Ions of vitality, etc., are but symptoms of
som« damage to the reproductive system,
caus«6 s.t a contracted disorder or early dissi-
pation, la looking for the location of this dam-
age we generally find an enlarged, swollen and
Inflamed prostate glantl. As this gland is the "
very center of the reproductive system it can
readily be understood that inflammation of it
must cause disordered function. These cases
are promptly benefited .by proper treatment,
otherwise the patient cues from bad to worse.
The essential point in all of them is the neces-
sity of the cure of the focus of the trouble. in
the prostate. Many men have unsuccessfully
treated for a weakness ani become discour-
aged, when, if an antiphlogistic plan of treat-
ment had been adopted 'instead of tonics, a
cure would have been the result- In our ex-
perience there is no druK in the Pharmacopoaa,
taken into the stomach, that will. even benefit
this class of cases. Our plan, of treatment is
entirely a local one, ana prompt results are ob-
tained, ' as - indicated by increased circulation
and return of natural vigor. Our colored chart,
which we mail on application, is Interesting- to
any one -wishing to study the anatomy of tha
male. " . J . )•: - ' / ,
997 MARKET STREET, Cor. Sixth.
8^*3^»>'<^%^%^^^^%>'^>'%.O
£ visit DR. JORDAN'S great 6
JNUSEUM OF ANATOMY*
f 6? 1351 KABZET ST. tart. 6'Ji&7a,S.F.C»l. 4
j. ' Car ?^' *- ilr ? est Anatomical Museum in the \
m __i/li__ World. Weaknesses or any contracted A
r KSsWQ disease positive!]' c«r«d by the oldest f
fH MSi %&i bpeaaliit on the CoasL Est. 36 years. O
i flgjjgl OR. JORDAN-DISEASES OF MEN i
\ I «<w98 Consultation free and strictly priTatt. \
w I i«Sn Trnatment personally or by letter. A B
\ 9 Jf *!l V ro**tne Curt in eTexjr case undertaken. T -
a r // Hi ¦ Write for Book. PH1LO«UPH IT «r A
V ¦ IJ II 't BABRU6E, MAILED FREE, f A J
m " *• li' valuable book for n.i-n)' , . \
" »«. JORDAN A CO., 1051 xMarketSt..S. P. V
..... ~~ J ' : ; f •• . . ~; "7*
|-^ FAVORITE
pSCRIPTION
|1 FOR WEAK WOMEN,
' OCEAN TBAViEL.
NOME
telleS^city.
. ' The fast and commodious " steamer
; ¦
Will .sail from San. Francisco ', June V>.' Tor
tickets and freight space apply at 634 MARKET ¦
ST. McCALL & SCAMMEL.L. Gen. Agents.
AMERICAN LINE.
IISW TOaS. SqUTHAHPTON. lOMDOH. PAXI3.
'..", Stopping at "Cherbourg, westbound.
j From New York Every Wednesday, 10 a. m.
St. Panl.. ....... June 19 St. Louis........ July 17
St. Louis........ June 26 St. Paul Aygust 7
St. 'Paul...... ...July 10 St. Louis. ....August 14
RED STAR LINE. ' ,
New York- and Antwerp.
From New Tork Every Wednesday, ; 12 noon.
Friesland .......June 12|Kenoington .....July 3
Southwark . June 19l*Zeeland ." July 19
•Vaderland .....June 26IFrlesland* V.July 17
?Stop at Cherbourg, eastbound.. •'
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO.,
¦ \- CHAS. I?.. TAYLOR.
General Agent Pacific' Coast. 30 Montgomery st.
PACIFIC STEAM NAVIGATION CO.
And CIA SUD AMERICANA OE VAPORES
.To - Valparaiso.' • stopping at Mexican, < Central
and ' South American ports. . Sailing Fremont-
street wharf, 12 m.- f~"" » ¦¦'¦*¦- ¦'"; ¦ ¦>•¦¦" •'
PALENA ' ......June ' 71 TTJCAPEL '..:.. June 27
COLOMBIA' ....June 12| AREQUIPA ;-.»;. July ..
These steamers are built expressly for Cen-
tral -and South .'American passenger.. 1 * service
.(No change at Acapulco or Panama.) Freight
and passenger office, 316 California street."
1 BALFOUR. GUTHRIE & CO., Gen, AgenU.
.•• • ••• «>*'««>.»¦«»•'. . . . . r. . ,',,"j. .-. . ... ,iV,'m . . . .. ... *;
SWEETAS ROSES
MORE SOOTH NG THAN COLD CREAM; MORE HEALING THAN ANY LOTION, LINIMENT
? . OR SALVE; MORE BEAUIIFYING THAN ANY COSMHIC. #
-^^ 'W',-'.' Munyon's .* •
/^^^J.v^fNature'siGrcatcst Remedy Qrior\ :
J^-kv^^^W 7^ for the Skin. - m^'^^^ m -ff ?
: '--vt^Jf : -'- :/ - Makes the skin soft as velvet ','}
.^^^^^^^/^' l ¦(- Softens the roughest hands. !!
Will improve any complexion, no matter "¦
I^^^SS ¦¦¦:. Chapped lips and hands cured in a night. ',',
•WHl^^ • Cures chafing and all skin irritations. Cures pirn- |
tjlSlr^- - : '*' -¦' p^ es - blackheads and most facial blemishes. Cures ',', ¦
$ MkmrN^^ ¦ ¦ • ' ? uts - wounds and sores, and allays inflammation. It ¦
MKttJMWflBf^ ' '¦ •' N * ! s tf" e est dandruff cure ever made: simply invaluable *
Trr^^^Sw^"^- -' in all scalp diseases. Splendid for the hair; stops fall- \\
Wz/^\A\ ' n^ out 5 ?- Ve . s vitality and vigor tpthe^ roots. Gentle-
W/wC mA\ - men find it simply delightful for shaving.
'BEST SOAP FOR BABY. ;;
•^^^^^^^3^>4f^^^^r Munyon's Witch Hazel Soap is a blessing
. f-M»: '^^^^-jfEr^^r . in the nursery. Nothing is heard but praise ',',
fffl '"'' IP'^L^i^viP z^*^ from mothers. It cures all the skin torments "
'' Vfl^ ld$ir of babyhood. Is just the soap for delicate. \\\
¦ K lfe™^k " tender skins. Cures rash, teething spots, [',
fM y*^^=siilllill^ chafing, hives and eruptions. Gives com- ".
' *1f\C fi2*L^~^Z$r^$\ ¦ ¦ fort, ease and peace to the little ones; soothes '
• v . and calms; produces sleep; its de- \\
\ Large size cakes 15 cts. Trial size 5 cts. At AH Druggists.
; • ' <If you have .any skin disease that- Is due to Impurity of the blood or an !!
Inactive liver, use in conjunction with Munyon" 3 "Witch Hazel Soap. Muaycn'a > ¦
1 1 Blood Cure and Munyon's Liver Cure. " The blood and liver cures will -make
I good, rich blood, and all traces of dull, sallow complexions will soon. dlsaD- "
a. pear. If you have rheumatism, try Munyon's Rheumatism Cure; If you hav« " t [
, dyspepsia, 'try his Dyspepsia Cure: If you have kidney disease, try -his Kid- 1
" ney CureMf you have a cold, trj* his Cold Cure: II you have a sore throat, f
try his Sore Throat Cure; if you have headaches, try his Headacha Cure; If "
I you have liver trouble, try his Liver Cure. Professor Munyon has prepared a
, specific remedy for most every disease, with which anybody can doctor and
I cure himself. They are mostly 23 cents each: at all druggists. If you have ! !
!i any disease of the head, nose, throat or lung, try Munyon's Inhaler.. It ¦will •>
positively cure Catarrh. Colds, Grip, Bronchitis, Influenza, Asthma. Two '
' kinds— "hard rubber" and jrfass "Family." Price $1.00 each (Including all "
[] medicines). Write for free medical advice to , ... "
;: BROADWAY AND 26th ST., NEW YORK. " •:;
ADVERTISEMENTS.
for gentlemen's street
or ' dress purposes, in
the best and latest fab-
rics, made and cut rig.t
, up to the hour. Our
cerms are a little down
and a dollar a" week
thereafter.
We keep open until
11 this evening. ill
28-132 H!is"St*5anIhnclsa
§VIM. VIGOR. VITALITY for MLS
MORMON BISHOP'S PILLS
have been in use over fifty
years by the leaders of the
Mormon Church and their fol-
lowiers. Positively cure the
worst cases in old and young
arising from effects of self-
abuee. dissipation, excesses or
. cigarette-smoking. Cure Lost
Manhodd. Impotency, Lost
Power, Night Losses, InBom-
r.ia. fains in Back. Evil Desires, Lame Back.
Nervous Debility, Headache. Unfitness to Mar-
ry, Lqss pLgemen. mm Varicocele or Con-
rtlpatlonv Stop-- Ne^J U rvous Twitching
of Eyelids." . JEJlects t^.^!zL » r e immediate.
Impart vJcwr- -aHd*-^" * ~ potency to every
function." ©qaCt Jfet. despondent; a cure is at
hand. Restore-— «mtul, -- undeveloped organs.
Stimulate the brain and nerve centers; 50c a
box; 6 for $2 SOiby' mail. A '-written guarantee
to cure or money refunded v.ilh 6 boxes. Cir-
culars free, idar***- BISHOP -REMEDY CO..
49 Ellis «t.. Ban JCranclaco. ". Cat. ..-. GRANTCal. glace fruit 50c per lb at Townsend's.'
Special information supplied daily to
business houses and public men', by ' tha
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main -JM3. -.- •
'. ¦ , . . - - ' -• ' — — — . .. I '
- Berlin Is to have a school for coaclunen*
In which drivers are to be -taught htftv to
get along, in ,the crowded cityistreetjl
. '•'".-' ¦¦¦ ¦ ¦¦¦¦ .-s«,^ f ¦
Low Rates and -Past Tiia«-^jutU^!Pan-
American Eippsitipn. - . •
rate to Buffalo. $37. Time of the
Union Pacific RaUroatf.niAaiWaM: a half days.
Tickets- on, sale, at' all offifc'Wf^W tbe Southern
Pacific and Knlod'.Picifl^psjirvact companies.
D. W: Hitch"c6ck.*eea^$*fcsent..l Montgomery
street, San Etaoctoeb. - jit.v . . *- .» "¦ : •"'•
Such reports'gave justification for the belief that the
\ Boers were being worn down and that further opera
tions by them, on a large scale were not tobe expected.;.
I The movement. against Vladfontein has,' however.V re-*
vealed the fact that the Boer armies have not yet'been
; scattered, the rank arid file have not become clespon-
I dent and the generals are as, resourceful and as ener
i gc'tic as ever. In fact, it is now feared that the recent
I movements were intended to cover' an , advance into-
Cape Colony, and that the British armies, so Carefully
i stationed to harry every section of the Transvaal, may
\ have to hurry away to protect the Cape. t '
[.. Some 'time ago. the correspondent of; the" London
Standard wrote to his paper: "The task .which faces
Lord Kitchener is as heavy/as if is possible to" con-;
*, ceive. Unless something unforeseen: occurs, "such as
¦ the_ submission of the Boer leaders,. months of weary,
'fighting are before us. Already there is every. prospect
! of the stock reserves of the two colonies being, wiped
The news is the more interesting because all reports
that immediately preceded it we're to the effect that the
armies of the Boers had been dispersed and that the
British were slowly but surely overtaking and. captur
ing the scattered guerilla bands. Thus, in a dispatch
giving a report of. the operations during the first fif
teen days in May, Lord Kitchener notified the .British
War Department that 115 Boers -had been killed or"
woun"ded,,437 made prisoners and 341 surrendered, an
average of over 50 a day. Besides. this he reported, in
the same period of fifteen days, the* capture of 4
guns, 469,000 rounds of atrimunitiori, 600 wagons and
4300 horses. . . • ." .-,.';¦ ; '"V • .'.'
AFTER a "little while of seeming inactivity, and
just when the public lost expectation of any
further exciting news from the Transvaal, the
Boers have again taken the aggressive, have attacked
a British' stronghold at* Vladfontein and, according to
.on"e : report,. have won-a victory and captured six-guns
almost within sight of Pretoria itself. . >'
THE TIRELESS BOERS.
." Senator Clark of Montana ought to transfer the
scene of his remarkable abilities to control Legisla
tures to Arizona. An annual tax of $240,000 has been
-placed upon his Territorial mines, and still there is no
indication that Arizona is to be removed from -the
map..-- • ."' "- • •
• Despite. the. claims', made for ' it, \, the- invention ; has
not received the unqualified indorsement of engineers.
Some of Dr. : ;Kennelly's : auditors were unwilling to
concede that the battery will riot deteriorate, and they
cite'd ' instances j of other batteries that 'worked .'well 'for
a while,. but after a time, for orie reason or. another,
broke down^; There is, therefore, a natural disinclina
tion to accept the new --battery until it has" proven its
worth.by more severe tests than, can be given it in a
workshop or a lecture; room. . . ,'\ ' .";
• "In a technical way, it can be said that the new stor
age battery: is , composed of -iron and nickel-oxide
plates in a solution. of potash. Both*. the positive and
negative poles are formed of comparatively thin steel.
The active material is made of rectangular cakes, the
positive composed of a. finely diyided compound of
iron with an almost equal amount of thin flakes
of.; ;¦ graphite"; • the negative . • of * , finely ¦ , divided
nickel and graphite flake's; 'also pressed irit6-cak.es.'" It
is said: that the new.- storage '-cell already is* in, use on
autbs being run for demonstration* and positivelyis
faultless. It is impervious, to weather conditions and
can be charged, recharged and overcharged with elec
tricity, without detriment. "; ; s . ¦ ... ;
EDISON'S STORAGE BATTERY.
>*-^ CONSIDERABLE. interest has been awakened
I in 1 the East by the recent exhibition of Edison's
• >—^ncw storage battery at a meeting of the Amer
ican Institute of Electrical Engineers. v The exhibition
was accompanied by "a lecture by Dr. A. E. Kennelly,
who is reported to have affirmed that the new battery
is a masterpiece of. simplicity that will remove all ob
jections hitherto made to the bulk and weight of such
batteries when used as an independent propelling
power for vehicles.
It is well known that the electric storage batteries
in use. up to this time have been so bulky and so heavy
that they are unprofitable as a motive power for any
kind of machine that^had to carry" them. Cars run by
such" motors have bpen found to be costly, irregular
and comparatively . slow, j while electric automobiles,
although swift, have also been subject" to the same
objections of: weight and cost.' If the claims made for
the Edison battery; be sustained something like a revo
lution in the propulsion- of vehicles and small '-boats
may be soon accomplished. * / -1 *
• In; describing the battery exhibited at the lecture the
¦New York Press says: . - - . ,. y' :
SHELL POLISHING-^C. Fl B.; Sacra
mento, Cal. To polish abalonc«'or qtb*r
sea shell the surface is cleaned r/lth 3 rasr
dipped In hydrochloric .acid and rubbed
until the outer dull covering is rem<?vi-<?.
Then it Is washed In warm water, dried in
sawdust, made -hot. and polished with a
chamois. If the shell. is destitute^of n
natural polish it Is rubbed with a mixture
of tripoli and turpentine applied by mtans
of a piece of wash leather; then it !a.'-pol
ished with fine trlpoll, wiped free from
dust, rubbed with olive oil, and polished
with a chamois. The hands should bc,pro
tected from the acid. . . ;» • >
Choice candles, Townsend's, Palace Hotel*
HIERONYMUS— R. H. R., Reclamation.
Cal. This correspondent Is anxious to
know what the old game of "hieronymas"
was. This department would be obliged
to any reader who can explain what the
game was.
SIPHOID— G. T., City. A siphoid Is a
vase or apparatus for receiving and sivlng
out gaseous water, .A soda water, bo tila
may be technically held to be a siphoid.
as in the flllineit receives gaseous. water
and when it is opened it give* It out.
RECORDS DESTROYED— 3., .City. .To
ascertain what became . of "the 'inhaler
Anna that came to San Francisco tn 1851
and sprung aleak while entering the,Har
bor you will *ave to search the files of
the' Alta day by .day, as the records of
that year were destroyed by the firs that
swept away tha Custom-house.- .*. .¦.,¦:¦ •
CHECKERS— A. S., Marysville, Cal.
The "American Hoyle." "Bohn's "•Hand
book of Games" and "Draughts or'Check
ers,'" by Henry Spayth, author and player,
treat on checkers.
COOPER'S CASE— J. I* S.. Grab Gulch.
Cal. The case of Sir . Harry WeStwoort
Cooper for forgery is pending In the Supe
rior Court of San Francigcp.
THE "EDWARD EVERETT— S.. Oak
land. Cal. There is no record in this city
of what became of the old ship Edward
Everett that reached San Francisco in the
early 'days.
ANSWERS TO OOBBESFONDENTS.
NO PREMIUM— C. G. P., Traver, Cal. A
five-dollar piece of 1836 doe3 not command
a premium. * * , ' '• -' '
THE RIO— C. F.' B.. Sacramento* Cal.
No effort was being: made in the latter
part of May to locate the wreck of the Rio
Janeiro. * -.
THE ARAGO— S.. City. The steel steam
er Arago was launched from the Union
Iron Works In 1SS5.
TELESCOPE— E., City. The* diameter
of the lens Intended for the recent Paris
exposition was forty-eight inches.
The crop outlook continues; good, though it is not
a§ promising as a month or so ago. While this is the
season for crop 'damage reports, which are set afloat
every year by speculators to affect the grain markets 1 ,
it is undeniable that rain is needed in s6me parts of
the West to insure a full yield,, and that the Hessian
fly is cutting down the total in other sections.* But
thus far the damage has hot been 4 serious enough to
produce any 'marked effect on. "quotations, though
wheat has been more buljisji for the past day or' two. .
? In our local market there is, little new to repo-t.
Our crop prospects are still fine. Fruit. is developing
more of a shortage than expected, and it is now ap
parent that the, estimates of damage by the unusually
-severe frosts of April were not exaggerated. The
whtafit • fruit 3'i eld,- with- the exception of peaches, will
be 'lighter than usual this' year, and the cannersare
already. paying. high' prices, for. some varieties in the
, country/ .But the outlook for grain, hay and kindred
products could not be better. The grape crop will be
.short. It is the general expectation that prices for fruit
will be much^ higher tbis year." than last, nor does'
anybody look for very low prices for other product?
of the farm. This creates general confidence in the
future, stimulates the demand for goods, expands
credits, eases collections and makes good times' all
around. . - • ' \
ing offt Heavy rains in the East have interfered with
this line, and have also caused a decrease in the move
ment in -cotton and -.woolen goods and clothing,
though there is more activity in wools and woolens
than in the other fabrics. The cotton plantations are
suffering as the" result of heavy receipts of raw cotton
at the principal markets and a further -reduction .in
quotations at the New' England mills.
General trade conditions, however, continue prom
ising. The labor situation is reported clearing, many
of the May strikes, which hung like a cloud over the
country for weeks ahead, haying been settled," and''
more are being" settled every day. The iron and steel
trades are sending in good reports, most works being
in full operation and new ones starting up. Prices are
stea*dj% but there is no disposition to advance quota
tions. Rails and railway cars, farming tools and struc
tural material are particularly in demand. The boot
and shoe industry is quieting down. Some factories
are suspending operations and shipments show a fall-
r-p»HE weather was rather against business last
¦ • I week. The eastern part of: the country com
..¦*• plained of lack of warm, sunny weather, and. the
Southwest and Northwest clamored for rain to revive
theraxying crops. All this affected the retail and job
bing distributive trade,.' and the bank clearings
reflected the unfavorable conditions by falling sharply
to a gain of only 21.9 per cent over the same week last
year, whereas the gain for the past two months or so
has been, from 'two to three and even four times av
much. New York recorded an especially sharp de
crease, the increase there over 1000 being only'26.0 per
cent. This loss was due to the flattening out of busi
ness. inAVall street.- Times, are now dull there. All
the steam Uas fizzled cut of the market andnot a-ves-.
tige of the recent boorn remains. 'The public, finding
itself "milked, liquidated, swallowed its. losses with a
wry face, expressed thanks that the matter was no
worse, and left the street. Nor can the public be
induced to return, for the present at least. All of which
,is distressing to the street, and the market reports say
that it is causing the professionals 'much perturbation.'
THE BUSINESS SITUATION.
It. is reported that public opinion in Modoc con
demns the outrage, that good- citizens are. shocked,
that the event is greatly deplored and that the lynch
ers are 'being everywhere denounced. " All of that is
excellent in its way, but it is not enough. California
has a right to expect the Jaw abiding* citizens of
Modoc' to cordially co-operate wj.th the officers of the
law in bringing 'the offenders to justice. , Where so
many persons are engaged in a crime it is not impos
sible to identify and convict at least some of them.
There is no reason, therefore,' why this outrage should
be permitted to pass as a "mysterious crime" com
mitted by "persons unknown." It is in the power of
the people of Modoc to vindicate the law and- the good
name, of California, and it is to be hoped they will
promptly do so. ¦ .
• So far as .the facts have heen made known not the
slightest excuse can be given for the Modo'c lynching.
Theaccused men were in the.hands of the authorities;
they were to have been tried in the county where their
offenses are alleged to have been committed, and the
law provides ample punishment for any crime of which
they might have been'convictcd. Under such circum
stances the action of the lynchers was a far worse
offense than' anything* of- which the. victims were
accused or suspected, V, r */,"' r^ V" '•'•'." ".V.
, The most portentous fact, about the evil is the fre
quency with which it is being resorted to.- It is. no
longer confined to any particular section of the coun
try, or for the punishment of atiy especially abomin
able crime. It has' occurred not only in sparsely' settled
and backward localities, but in some of the most pop
ulous and advanced States in the Union. It has t been
committed for nearly all kinds of suspected offenses,
an.d in the'Modoc case it appears the victims s of the
mob we're accused of nothing worse than petty theft:
This tendency of mobs to violate the law, ignore jus
tice," trample upon every dictate of right and. reason,
and inflict death and not infrequently torture upon
persons who are merely suspected of crime,- is • ah
actual menace to society. It calls for the most earnest
and vigorous efforts on the part of the authorities to
stop it by drastic measures before it becomes even
¦more appalling and more menacing. than at present.
THE MODOC LYNCHING.
FOR the welfare of California as well as for the
maintenance of our laws, the perpetrators of. the
lynching! outrage in Morioc County should "be
brdught to the -bar of justice to answer for the crime.
Murder committed under -the -name : of lynch law has
now: become so frequent, in the United States -that -it
can' be no'. longer palliated.or.excusedMn.the old days,
when there '.were vast border districts where
ments had not.beeni organized, aixd -when .lynch -Jaw
was carried out with something of rude justice, it was
tolerated as a sort" of necessary .evil; but those times
have - long passed away and their conditions have
passed with them. At the. present time' there is no
justification whatever for sucK offenses, and they have
now become nothing more nor lessthan crimes which
should be punished by. the severest penalties, ; - •"-,; •
. A visitor in our midst who was robbed of $5000 by
bUnko steerers says' he is puzzled to understand how
the trick was turned. It is safe to wager that he does
not. wish to repeat the experiment in order. to satisfy
his curiosity. ¦ . . ? /
r uf....... v^JUNE3, 1901
JOHN p: Proprietor. ~. ;
"^^7ddrti?7irComBtiai»tioiii to W. S. LEAKS, Xuiger.
MANAGER'S OFFICE Telephone PreM. 204
PUBLICATION OFFICE Marlcet and Third, S. V.
V . • , Telephone Prew SOX. "<; " • )' ; ¦
/;•¦.>'. ': .-.!_: ¦ • ¦ . ' •;. - '.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Ste.Ten«on St.
:.. " :.-« :• ¦ ''. .' Telephone Prew 202.;
'-.'-Delivered l»r C«rrler«, 15 Cemt« Per Weelc »
« Single Copies, 5 Cent*.
Terms by Mall. Including; Postage!
DAILY -CALL Suni-ay). one year :%SM
DAILY CALL, (including Sunday). 6 months »-°°
"DAILY CALL (inducing Sunday). 3 months....: .-... 1-50
DAILY* CALL—By Single Month '. 65c
"WEEKLY CALL. One Year • • •'• 10 °
V All postmasters are authorized to receive
¦nbicri ptlons.
B&sjple copies' will' be forwarded when requested. ,.
. ; ¦ *. ' _ ¦ ¦¦ •
Mall Bubscribers la 'ordering change of address should be
'particular to give both' NEW AND OLD ADDRESS -in order
. to insure a prompt "and correct compliance with their request.
OAKLAND OFFICE. .1118 Broadwiyr
• Q. GEORGE KROGNESS. ,
Xutgcr Foreign AdTertiiint:,l?»rqcetU Bllldiag, Chicago.
<Lonx Distance Telephone "Central 2619.")
." ' - NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C. CARLTOJT. : ...:... Herald Square
. * • NEW- YORK -REPRESENTATIVE: »
STEPHEN B. SMITH.".:.. 3O TriUtane Building:
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS: •
• Waldorf -A6torta " Hotel; A. Brentano. 31 Union- Square;
Murray Hill Hotel. ¦ '• ¦ ,
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
'Sherman House: -.P. O. News Co.; 'Great Northern Hotel;
Frenicnt House: Auditorium Hotel. ••**". •'
•J ¦ ________ ..¦;-. i
. WASHINGTON- (D. C> OFFICE. . .1406 G St^ N.;"W. r
MORTON E. CRANE. Correspondent.
"BRANCH OFFICES— —427 Montgomery, corner of Clay, open
until 9:30 o'clock. 300 Hayes, open until 9:30 o'clock,* 623
McAllister, open until 9:30 o'clock. 615 Larkln. open until
' ¦ 8:30 o'clock. 1911 Mi'stlon. open until 10 o'clock. 2261 Market. :
' corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock." 1096 .Valencia, opeh I
: until 9 o'clock. 106 Eleventh, open until S o'clock. NW.
; corner Twesty-second and Kentucky, open until 9 o'clock.
'" 2200 Fill-iore. open until 9 p. to. . .
COPYRIGHT, 1901.
- "Now, boys." ; said the Sunday school
teacher, "surely some one of you can tell
me , who carried off the gates of Gaza.
Speak- up, William." '.. •
" "1 never^ touched . 'em," sajd the indig
nant'"William, with a suspicion of tears
in his youthful voice. "I don't see why
folk«*alway3 think when things get car
ried off that I'vehad something to do with
it!"— St. Louis Star. • • ¦ •; .-•/;¦
Clergyman (after being rescued from
shipwreck)— Mr. Smith, did I really ap
pear scared when we thought all would
be lost? . ¦ - '.»—¦'¦ ' •
Mr. Smith— i can't say that you were
scared, but for a roan who has been try
ing to go to heaven all these years you
appeared most reluctant to accept the op
portunity.—Harper's Bazar. , •
'.'Pa." said Miss Slangay, "you'll have to
be thinking -of digging up some loaf sugar
for me." - '. . • , . •
"Loaf sugar?" exclaimed pa'. "What on
earth do you mean by " •
•"Vacation- money, pa." '— Philadelphia
Press. . - - ...
«rl He . re> u. son> JO} 1 '^ studied French.
What's this word here on' the eatin' list?"
•'That's "fillet.' " , ¦ . ._
.'¦Fillie! Do they think- 1 want horse
meat? —Plain Dealer.,
Miss Richman— He is the -light of my
life, pa. • • * .
. Mr. Kichman — Well, perhaps' he Is - I
notice that he saves gas bills.— Judge
Yeast — What-ir a poetical genius?
Crimsonbeak — Why. he's a fellow "who
gets $30 for wnat he ought to get thirty
days" for.— Yonkers Statesman. "
A CHANCE TO SMILE.
and Hazel. Green was" a central location
for the mountain trade. Under the. new
management branch .-stores were estab
lished. The business prospered and had it
not been for the construction of the rail
road the partnership might have contin
ued until this day. Floyd Day", however,
saw that Hazel Green's . prestige -.as an
important business center of the moun
tains would pass as soon as the construc
tion of the railroad was completed, and
that Jackson would become the business
center for the mountain country. - Mov
ing to Jackson, he established a store for
general merchandise.
This . parent store now has many
branches through the mountains. The
Jackson store does a large jobbing busi
ness as well as attending to its retail
trade. Mr. Day has another large store
at Clay City, but the others are smaller,
having stocks valued at from J2000 to $5000
each. They are at small stations along
the line of the railroad' and at points
through the_ mountains. The connection
between the lumber business and the busi
ness. of running a number of stores carry
ing a line of general merchandise can be
surmised when the crossties, staves, tan
bark and logs piled around them are seen..
The lumber dealer becomes a merchant
and makes a profit in' both ways. ! Very
.little money is used in the transaction of
business. The mountaineer cuts his trees,
hews out his crossties and splits his
staves from the wood not tit for ties,
strips his tanbark and brings them by
wagon to the general store of the neigh
borhood. He rarely carries away any
money with him. When he returns home
he carries sugar, coffee, lard, bacon, calico
for dresses for his girls and jeans for his
boys. ¦ . •
Merchandise and Lumber.
In. speaking of this trade recently Mr.
Day said: "Of course, it is necessary to
have a man in charge who thoroughly
understands his business. Jn the case of
the larger storts there are two men; one
attends to the portion of the business
which relates to lumber and the other to
the merchandise, department. In -aH of
these stores I require, four accounts
against the name of each man. These- are
under the hearts of sawed lumber, cress
ties, staves and tanhark. It is necessarily
an additional burden in keeping the
books, but it systematizes the business to
such -an extent that I can tell which of
these departments is paying best and,
whether it is, worth while to maintain all
branches of the trade or whether I shall
let drop any department."
¦ The Clay City lumber yards" are the
largest in the South. The little town of
the name is about forty miles from Lex
ington, on Red River. This is the largest
plant of the Day & Swan interests and
about 150 hands are employed. There are
large planing mills as well as stave works,
and there has been as much as 10,000,000
feet of lumber stored in the yards at one
time. Poplar lumber is the specialty of
the firm, but large quantities of oak are
sawed as well. The sawmills at the place
have a capacity of about 60,000 feet a day.
The yards' have a private electric plant,
which also furnishes the town with light,
and the large ?tore supplies the wants of
the employes. Day & Swan have mills at
.Beattyville and Natural Bridge as well,
the former running about 50.0U0 feet, the
latter about 30,000 feet a. day. At Jackson
are the mills cf the Day Bros.' Lumber
Company, with a capacity of 40,000 feet,
and at Torrent are the interests of Day
& Congleton: Here are three portable
mills, working now on Walker's Creek.
The capacity of the .three mills Is 30,000
feet a day. ' r " . '
' , Hoads'for Hauling' Logs.*'; .". ¦. .'
•At Natural Bridge the narrow gauge
roads and at Torrent what are called
"tram roads" can be seen in operation.
Mr. Day owns about ten or twelve miles
of narrow gauge road and about .twenty
miles of tram road. It is by this means
that logs are taken to the mills and to
the railroad stations at points where there
are no facilities for sawing. Th.ese roads
are invariably built in creek beds. The
narrow gauge roads are the more durable,
having light weight steel rails and light
ties. Small steam engines operate on
them and pull from six to eight cars of
logs at a time. The tram roads are built
with small saplings for rails and larger
ones for ties. On these roads "mules
draw the cars of logs, bringing between
1000 and 1800 feet at a load.
In the mountains of- Kentucky timber is
necessarily, cut according to the creeks.
These small streams flow down every ra
vine: . Up the' ravine the tram road or the
narrow, gauge road is laid. The timber in
the ravine is first cut. and then the trees
from -the cliffs on either side.
Floating Logs to the Mill.
Where the creeks are large and a'consid
erable amount of water is available the
tram-road method is not" resorted to. The
roads cost from $300 to $-100 a mile in their
construction and have to be abandoned aa
soon as the timber -of the small district
has been cut away.' When possible the
creeks are dammed in rough but effective
fashion and wide sluice-gates are con-'
structed t>f timber sawpd .by hand on the
banks of the stream. Logs are rolled into
the stream and the dam remains closed
until several thousand logs have, collect
ed. The water meantime has backed up
into a small lake, and when the gates are
raised the logs are carried several' mile3
down stream, where another dam again
serves to collect them and supply water
to send them forward. The rivers near
.the headwaters are treated in the same
"fashion. ; • ' .
At Clay City, Beattyvilie and Jackson,
the first being on the Red River and the
other tvro on the north fork of the Ken
tucky River, booms of logs are run along
the shore for the purpose of catching the
timber .floated down stream with the
freshets in the spring and fall. At Jack
son and Beattyville, 60,000 to 70,000 logs are
floated down "and caught in the booms
each year, while at Clay City between
40,000 and 50,000 logs are caught.' .
Mr. Day and hia family reside in a pret
ty home in Jackson. Mr. Day '• gives this
advice to young men starting in business:
"They should remember two things— first,
to look' after their health: and,' second,
not to -think any detail of ' business too
trivial to merit their personal attention/' '
XVI.— FLOYD DAY,
The most .influential man in the moun
tains of Eastern Kentucky is. Floyd Day.
lumber dealer and merchant. Forty-six
years of age, In 'the quarter of a 'century
that has elapsed since he began business
for himself, on a borrowed capital of $30,
he has accumulated : a large fortune.
Thousands of families are dependent on
him for a living; he owns outright.be;
tween 10,000 and 15,000 acres of timber
land in the mountains and his men oper
ate over tracts aggregating between • 40,
000 and' 50,000 acres. A thousand men are
busy in his log camps, 500 more find regu
lar "employment in his mills. The' scope
of his business reaches through a dozen
counties; his logs come: from i.ne head
waters of . the Kentucky Riter and tra :
vel to Jackson, or 200 miles farther down,
following- the windings of the stream to
Beattyville. " He-. owns a doaen stores
scattered inall- parts, of. the mountain Ois
trict and a' large wholseale "house at Jack
son. -His'.iriills . working at .full capacity
the year, round could cut almost i.ooo.OW,'
000 feet of lumber. ;The Kentucky. ar.d the
Red River and .the Lexington and 'Ka -tern
Railroad cars, deliver to him .130,000 to 17?;
000 logs a year.-Tepresenting between 30,
000,000 "and "50,000,000" feet '.'of lumber. Ue
sends:to the great, railroads of the coun
try between" 250,000 and 3OJ.0O0 ties annual
ly/His' stave mills produce 1,500,000 staves
each year. It would take a train of from
200 to 350 cars to haul to market the Ian
bark that is stripped by his men each
year. , . ' « ... •
The business of Mr. Day ani hi? part
ner, James Swan of New York, is Incor
porated under the nameof the' Qlsy City.
Lumber and Stave Company.- Under the
control of -this company are the mills at
Clay City, Beattyville . and Natural
Bridge. At Jackson, the terminus of the
Lexington and- Eastern Railway, a.e lo
cated the mills under control of tr-e D.av
Bros. Lumber Company and at Torrent
are the portable* mills of Day & Congle
ton. AU these mills are alone the line of
the Lexington and Eastern Railway,
which with Lexington as a terminus
etrates.a hundred miles, into the moun
tain region of Southern 'Kentucky.
t Dealing With the Mountaineers. ¦
Floyd Day, the brain and nerve force of
these'great business interests, is one of
the most kindly, retiring, unobtrusive men
in the district in which he lives. Nearly
six feet In height, v/ith brown eyes and
hair, a nose rather long and thin, droop
ing brown mustache and a complexion al
most as brown, deliberate .in movement
and in speaking, modest almost to a fault,
•lie would never be picked out in a crowd
as one capable of directing such an ex
tensive business. His success has taken
away none of his kindly .llsposilion.
Mr: Day has been property called
"the- father of the; mountain poo
ple," in the" sense that he gives each of
nis employes his personal- attention.. The
simple people of the. more remote -dis
tricts see him during his annual rounds,
tell him their difficulties and follow his
advice. Business in the mountains has to
"be conducted on a paternal basis 'that
would cause astonishment in the large
cities. Every year- Mr. -Day sets aside a
certain sum for the profit and loss ac
count, which represents the amount that
he will practically give to -hundreds of
men through the counties of the district
in which, he operates his mills. F.amilies
of the improvident mountaineers almost
starve during the winter. Then the father
of six or seven or even elsht.or nine' or
ten children . comes to . one of the. Day
•stores in his neighborhood and gets pro
visions on i,he promise of logs to be cut,
of crossties to be delivered at the store as
soon as the weather will permit of work.
But the premise is more often forgotten
than kept and there is never a rebuke for
the' storekeeiJer when- Mr. Day appears on
his rounds of annual inspectfon. "You did
right; it won't do -to let them suffer," 13
his most frequent comment. '
His First Business -Venture.
Mr. Day was born on Frozen Creek, in
Breathitt County. December 18,: 1854, being
one of a family of nine, five brothers and
four sisters. William Day, his father,
was one 'of the most prosperous men of
the section. He owned large holdings o£
farming and timber lands and engaged. to
a considerable extent in the logging busi
ness. His home was a favorite stopping
place for travelers, who then traversed
the country on horseback, and the big
frame house was therefore. the center of
nev/s from the outer world. Floyd, re
ceived I the common school education of
the county and nothing more. When
about 20 years of age he began work for
himself. .His father's logging bu !e:s,
! however, soon needed his help, and he
was made superintendent of it, serving
thrf:e years in that capacity. During tJiis
time lie made his first, business venture.
Borrowing $50 to make a first payment,
he bought between 300,000 and 400.000 feet
of poplar, trees. • He had the use of his
father's, teams arid wagons and- also the
paternal indulgence to the extent of credit
at his grocery near the home on Frozen
Creek. This was necessary, as almost in
variably the logmen take their pay in
trade at the store. He established a camp
•and- went to work with a will. The logs,
were cut and sawed into proper lengths
and rolled into the river, according to
contract." They sold for about $1500, leav
ing a profit of $500 in the hands of the
young man.- ; .
Goods- for Mountain Men, .
Shortly after this time he moved to Ha
zel Green, a small town in Wolfe County,
where his eldest brother, J. Y. Day. con :
ducted a grocery. For. three years the
younger brother worked as a clerk.' Then
he bought a grocery of his*o.wn for $5000.
He paid his entire savings, $1000 in cash,
and gave a mortgage on the business for
the rest -.*-.* ¦ --•'¦.¦
The father in the meantime divided a
portion of .his land • among: his -sons.
Floyd's share amounted to $3oOO when sold,
and with -this and his earnings all debt
was removed : from his business. After
four years the , two Tarothers consolidated
their stores and remained together for
ten years. At that time the Kentucky
y nlon Railroad, now known the Lex
ington and Eastern,- had not been ...built,
PERSONAL MENTION.
By R. Ij. McOlure.
Sixteenth Article of the Series on ..'jThe. Op
portunity: and the Man," Dealing With /
;• "an Influential Kentuekian:
The San Francisco Call.
PAPERS ON CURRENT TOPICS
Prepared by Experts and Specialists for
The effect of taxing public bonds is even- worse. in
California than in New York, for it not only lowers
the value of the bonds, but it drives them out of the
State into the hands of outside holders,- and we "thus
lose the tax we put upontheni and the interest we pay
upon them. It. is, in fact, a losing business all around,
and the amendment should undoubtedly be again sub
mitted to the people and a thorough campaign of
education' made to explain its purposes and its merits.
* The third and final resolution urges a resubmission
to the people'of the proposed, amendment to the conr
stitution providing for. the exemption from. taxation^
StateY county, municipal andjschbbl- bonds, and re-,
solves .-^- V* / : ; ';';:* '''.''^ •'
"That the California Bankers'. Association take. all
honorable means to instruct the voters of this State of .'
the benefits that. may be derived by the. adoption" of an
amendment to the constitution of our State exempting..
from taxation State, county, municipal and school
bonds." : ." ¦ t ? ' "V "' ¦• \' . ¦ •¦
The legislation recommended in each] and all of the
resolutions. will. tend directly to the general good. It
is undeniable that great inconvenience will result to a
considerable, number of persons if incorporated banks
or other corporations be forced to go through liquida
tion upon the expiration of the term of their articles
before they can obtain an extension. It is equally
evident that financial business will be greatly facili
tated if our laivs governing negotiable instruments.be'
made uniform, with those of the great States of the
East, with which the bulk of our- trade is carried on.
Of the third resolution it may be said that while the
vote of the people against the amendment exempting
public bonds from taxation shows that it is difficult to
clear the minds of the voters from misconceptions
concerning" the incidence of taxation, it is nevertheless
worth while to continue the campaign of education.
California loses so much by the present law that the
repeal of it is a matter of prime importance. ..,
An object lesson on the- subject is afforded by the
recent experience, of the city of New York in selling
bonds to the amount of .$3,855,000. . The bonds,.bear
ing 3 r A per cent interest, brought a much smaller
premium " than was expected, and . the New York
Times, in commenting upon the «ale, said: .
"Under the conditions of previous sales the bonds
sold on Tuesday should have brought. 108 or no. In
expressing his disappointment the Controller said that'
at least 75 per cent of the, fair in the. price of city
bonds was due to laws passed by the Legislature. The
laws of the session of 1901 in reference to taxation, he
declared, 'have cost the city of New York on this one
bond 'sale alone $300,000.' He specified in particular
the law imposing a tax of 1 per cent on the trust com
panies . * * * It- appears, therefore, that while the
•city was.able in January to. borrow money at 2.93 per
cent interest, and oh previous issues of bonds even at
a lower rate, it must now, by reason of the new tax
laws, pay something over 3 1-3 per cent. The trust
companies, which are among the chief buyers of city
bonds, have simply shifted the tax, or as much of it
as they are able to shift, upon the general taxpayers."
The second resolution deals with the important
problem of providing throughout the Union some
thing like uniform. laws governing negotiable instru
ments. This is a reform that has long been desired by
all classes of business men, and considerable progress
has been' made in attaining it, as many States have so
revised their laws as tobring them into harmony. The
resolution asks the Code Commission to make- such
amendment to our laws as will place us on an equality
with other progressive States in that respect.
'j-^ Y. the California Bankers' Association, at the
H^ annual convention in San Jose last week, there
,1—/ w^ s 'adopted a series' of resolutions which merit
the consideration and the support of the people. They
are in the nature, of suggestions for legislation in the
financial interests not of bankers only but ,pf the whole
b'usinesiVworld, and* as they cannot be accomplished
except' through the Legislature and the votes of the
citizensVthey- should be borne in mind so that ample
support will be found for'them when the time comes
for action. . . • -.. ' / •'
. The first resolution refers to the approaching time,
wrfen the corporate existence of a number of banks
wjll' be terminated," arid points out the desirability of
permitting them to renew their existence without hav
ing to go through liquidation. The benefits accruing
from such a privilege would, of course, be shared by
depositors and all persons .doing, business with the
banks* It is, therefore, resolved to ask the enactment
of a law by the next .Legislature authorizing in some
form, at the option of the parties interested, the exten
sion of the corporate existence of corporations.
THE BANKERS^ RESOLUTION.
. The projectile weighs 2370 pounds, and"
no. armor protection carried by any war
ship would prevent the sinking of the
ship if hit at a range of tea' to fifteen
miles. The gun is the" largest yet built for
coast defense and is not likely to be- dupli
cated either in this country or abroad. .
¦ - . - ' Miles.
At WOO feet, muzzle velocity 14.9
At 2100 feet, muzzle velocity.. ¦..."i.C.-i— •'•.:-.. 18.2 .
At- 2200 feet, muzzle velocity 4n&IZ.a
At 23*) feet, muzzle velocity .19.1
At 2400 feet, muzzle velocity ....;. ...... .30.7
At 2500 feet, muzzle velocity,.... ;.,>.. .22,4.
At 2C0O feet, muzzle velocity 24.0
The range of the j6-Ineh breech-loadins
rifle made at Vatervliet gun foundry has
been figured out at velocities varying
from 2000 to 2600 feet per second, a3 fol
low?: . /-. '.
To have an engineering representative In the
Admiralty, and finally an increase in force,
pay and rank. . ¦ -..-.'
The" senior engineer officer should have minor
disciplinary powers under the captain in the
entrlne department. ; , .'¦
I To have ' the right to sl£ on courts-martial
and to' have all the privileges of the military
branch, save command. '.' .
The engineer corps in the British navy
Is becoming restless under existing dis
criminations and failure of the Admiralty
to properly recognize the value of the en
gineer branch. It? grievances and de
mands are briefly as follows: ...
The engine room complement to be classed as
a military branch.
Prince Adalbert, son of. Emperor "Wil
liam, who recently joined the navy, has
received his first lesson in naval disci
pline. The youngster had. a terrier as a
constant companion and the dog followed
Its master on board the training ship. The
captain objected to the. dog's presence as
contrary to the regulations, but the younpr
Prince demurred against .being 1 subjected
to a strict interpretation of navy law in
hi3 case, which, he contended, might ap
ply to other ordinary officers, but not lr>
a Prince. The captain wrote to' the Em
peror, who in turn notified his sailor son
to submit to navy regulations, and the
dog was sent ashore. : . .."..* .'.
The Belleville boiler, originally intended
for seven ships in course of construction
for the British navy, will be displaced
by some other type legs objectionable. The
battleship Queen is to have large Yarrow
boilers, and a sister ship, the Prince o*
"Wales," will- be fitted wKh Babcock and
Wilcox boilers. The Encounter, a second
class cruiser, is to have' the Durr-Thorr
eycroft boilers, and "a sloop named Merlin
will be fitted with Niclausse boilers.
Sixteen ironclad vessels . have been
struck off the active navy, list of Great
Britain durjng the past fiscal year, name
ly: Achilles. Aginceur.t. Audacious, Black
Prince, Belleisle, Invincible. Iron Duke,
Hydra. Minotaur. Nelson, Northampton.
Neptune. Northumberland. Swiftsure. Tri
umph and "Warrior. There still remain
eighteen ironclads built from, thirty to
twenty years ago, the utility, of which
has ceased long ago, but are still retainer!
on the active list. as. a part of their'bat
teries consist of breech-loading gun3.
while, the sixteen vessels retired were
armed solely with muzzle-loaders. • .
The Reina Mercedes, which was sunk in
Santiago harbor July. 4. 1S38, and after
ward raised and towed to the United
States, is to be extensively repaired and
fitted with new machinery to become a
training ship. In view of the fact that
our navy has several cruisers which the
advances of recent years have made next
to obsolete, It appears not to bo econom
ical nor'wise to expend half a million, dol
lars on a vessel built fourteen years- ago.
The new- 9.2-inch gun made at Elswick
has a recQtd.cf firing five shots in one
minute. This, of course. Is not to be ac
cepted as its capability, on board ship, but
one round per minute will be Quite satis
factory if attained in actual practice at
sea. - * * * • .
WORLD'SsNAVAL .NEWS.
Estimates of? to! cast of/ the (recently
built battleship*** frf I&slartd- have been
largely exc.ee.dea.. -The excess on the
Ocean Is" J21(J,*JS.;the2<fin(j^U3 $130,000 and
the Goliath-f^Wjj **?; |»
-Two battleships nameb-i* feepubllc and
La-Patrle are about.to.be built in France.
They are to have a speed of eighteen
knots" arid to carry batteries ofJJpjV 12
inch, eight 6.4-lnch and ' twenty-elghi
smaller guns. -,
So there is to.be a long fight as well as a<hard fight
before Kitchenercan go home with victory to receive
the rewards of a successful general. The Boers are
evidently as tireless as they are- patriotic, and there is
no sign of diminution in either their courage or their
endurance. : •.....•
, - "At home two' months ago, when I heard that 30,000
more mquhte^ nien were;coming to South Africa, I
fell in withlKe general impression that this would see
the, finish of the struggle ina few months. Now, after
following Dewet : for six . weeks, the situation seems
more interminable than ever.;- The means for desper
ate' men to, carry oirguerilia '.' warfare : in 1 tliis country"
seem infinite. An organized enemy, willing to balance
the;issue of, the 'struggle in battle,' could not live for a
fortnight against our, present organization, but an
enemy who' refuses to stand, and who", when pressed,
vanishes in' a hundred small- detachments into a vast
desert of prairie, presents a problem which it may take
us 'months to solve."- • }¦"¦'¦ "- '•
out."' The correspondent of. the Times^cbnfirms the
opinion of his colleague of the Standard by saying : .
THE SAN^PRAITOISCO FGALL- MON^Y V JFNE|3, :i901V
The latest. Eastern slang is to say a thing is. "all
skeeky" when you mean it Js just what it should.be;
arid accordingly it is quite proper to. say the phrase
itself isn't skeeky. V ¦-•• ¦ •¦¦-.'.
It-looks as if. Europe owes us so much on thelbal
ance of trade that' she 'cannot pay 'it and we shall have
to send over about half a mijlibn tourists to take it out
.inboard? and luxuries;^ .\V""->'r-" • ''-V 1 ¦'"¦'• • •"' • ' ¦•*'
F. C. Lusk, an attorney of Chico, is jxX
the Falaee. • --.'/..' '¦¦¦¦ . • •
Mrs. F. H. Hanson. of Boston is staying
at the California. '.",' .' • \ - . •
. Mrs. 'James " H. '. McLeod of Santa Rosa
is a guest at the Grand. • " '/
V. S. McCJatchy of the "Sacramento
Bee is at the California. .• . • "
Mrs. H. G.. Alexander of Honolulu is a
late arrival at the Occidental. ¦•"- ."
L. K. Carmlchael.; a- merchant of Santa
Rosa, is registered at the Lick.; \ ,.'. ,
j; ' F. Dickinson and Mrs. Dickinson of
'Atlanta. Ga.. are at the Palace.-
Mrs. William Hammond of Livermore Is
one of the guests at the Occidental.
Baron ; L. Ambrosy, who is connected
with the Swedish . legation at Washing
ton, I>: C. is at the Palace. -.
W J. Berry' and W. G. Scott. of Pelma, '
engaged in the; oil business, in' Fresno
County. , are • located at - the :. Lick.
-Subbubs (in great glee)— Shout with joy,
Mar«! Celebrate! v ¦ • .'¦ • ¦
Mrs. Subbubs-I guess you re going
crazy, aren't you? We've had new cooks
before, you ; know. '.:. . • -. •¦ "•. :¦ • "• ¦
Subbubs— Yes,' I know; butthis one had
her pocket ,¦ picked ; on the train coming:
out and lost both -her purse and return
ticket.— Brooklyn Life. y '
: CORONADO '• TENT.-: CITY. Cororiado . Beach.
Cal.. will be I the po™>lar. »umn«r resort this
season. : " It became famous last year, for com
. icrt; entertainment and' health. '.* It« ¦ splendU
, cale »k>t ¦•; wonder,'* the fishing -unexcelled. :
4
TOSeSCRIBERSIiEATOTOWI FOR THE SUMMER.
I Call aubacrlberK contemplating, a change •!
MRideacf daring: fhe tnrnmcr' months can harn
tlielr paper (orvrarded by mall to their new
¦ddreiies by -notifying: The Call Business Office.
Thla pa/icr will alio be on sale at all ismiaer
Nurti'tnd Is -represented by a local agest Ui
•U t«wii» «u tlis coast. . . . -
AMUSEMENTS.
Orpheutn— Vaudeville. »
rolumbia— "The Importance of Being Earnest."
Alcazar— "For Bonnie Prince Charlie.'?
1 -Grand Opera-house— "La Twca."
California— "A. Colonial .Girl."
Olrmpta. corner Mafon and Eddy streets— 6 pecialtiea.
Central-"Old Glory." • • -f .
Tlvoll— "The Toy Maker."
Chutes. Zoo and Theaters-Vaudeville ivery afternoon and
even-ns-
Fischer 1 »^-Va«devUIe. •"
¦ Evtro Baih«— Su-lmminr.
Emeryville Racetrack— Races to-day.
AUCTION SALES.Three of the saloon-keepers near' the
Presidio were arrested yesterday morn
ing: and charged with selling liquor with
out a license.. They had been doing busi
ness under the I old | subterfuge - of sell
ing a cigar and "giving" the liquor away.
The police watched the three places
closely, and came to the conclusion that
liquor could, be purchased straight. . < .
Evidence Secured by Police
Officers Dressed in Army
. Uniform. .
Saloon-Keepers Near tlie
Presidio Sell Liquor
Illegally.
LAW-BREAKERS
ARE ARRESTED
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent..
NOTE — The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide Is the. same at both places.
MONDAY. JUNE 3.
TO SAIL.
FROM SEATTLE.
The average woman would rather have
a little flattery than a lot of sympathy.
PENNSYLVANIA SYSTEM \ of Rail
ways.. Office- 1^ Montgomery street •
Howard, the two-year-old son. of Mrs.
Fred Fox,' who resides at 2694 McAllister
street, was • seriously j injured -yesterday
afternoon by falling from the .: balcony ;
of the pavilion in" the children's play
ground in Golden \ Gate . Park. .The
little child fell a distance of about fif
teen feet, and struck upon the left side
of his head.' For a short -time he was
unconscious. ¦ He was carried into the
pavilion, and after his injuries had been
temporarily attended to an ambulance
was summoned andMie was removed to
his home. . - . • ¦ " ¦ ••
Little Boy Injured.
The Santa l ,Fe is now. carrying passen
gers to the Yosemite via stage from Mer
ced. Starting on California Limited to
day, you are at the Sentinel Hotel to
morrow' afternoon, passing Merced Big
Trees -«n route. < "
Ask about it at 641 Market street. • .
Yosemite Valley via Santa Pe.
.expected. to be present. . ; .-. '
} Mr. Moseley says that, so far, only
one member of. the Interstate Commerce
Commission, Charles A. Prouty of Ver
mont, has signified his ' intention to at
tend the gathering, which will he held
in the maple room of the Palace next
Wednesday. Thursday and Friday. Mr.
Prouty tef t Washington last Thursday,
and will arrive in this city to-morrow at
noon. ' ¦ ¦• • '. ... v ¦ ¦>:¦,
Mr. Moseley has been connected with
the commission e,ver since .its organiza
tion In 1S88. He declined to mention the
questions which would be considered at.
the convention," but said .that they were
of the gravest importance. 1 He \ says
that among the distinguished delegates
who will be in attendance at the con
vention are Lieutenant Governor J. P. S.
Gobin of Pennsylvania, General James
\V. Latta, Secretary of Internal Affairs
for Pennsylvania, and Isaac B. Brown,
Railroad Commissioner of Pennsylvania.
It Is • expected that there will be over
100 delegates present, most of whom will
arrive by, a special train to-morrow.. •
Edward A. Moseley, secretary of the
Interstate Commerce Commission, ar
rived in this city yesterday, and is reg
istered at the Palace. Mr. Moseley is
here to record the proceedings of the
National Convention of Railway Com
missioners, at which the members of
the Interstate Commerce Commission are
in This City.
WILL REPORT RAILWAY
COMMISSIONERS', MEETING
Secretary Moseley of k the Interstate
Commerce Commission Arrives
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive > tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time of
day? the third time column, gives the last tide
of the day, except when there are but three
tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights given
are In addition to the soundings on the United
States Coast Survey charts, except when a
minus- (— ) sign precedes the height, and then
the number given Is subtracted from the depth
given by the charts. The plane of reference la
the mean of the lower low waters.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
United States ' Coast and Geodetic Survey—
¦ Times and Heights of ¦ High and Low
Yesterday being Sunday, the. Boston
Clothing" Company, 773 Market street, re
frained from, mentioning more than in a
simple' notice of the great clothing deal
that has been assigned to said firm. The
Brown" Clothing Company of New- York
had a national reputation. They made
the best fittine clothes in America with
out exception. While in business they al
ways selected the best clothing, store of a
city to sell their goods. No one ever wore
one of their suits and was dissatisfied
You can well afford to wait for this -z rand
offering of men's suits, which we hbye to
be able to hold this coming Thursday
June 6. Everybody is workins hard in
order to be ready for the openlnj, of
which due notice will be given. v C
Kelly, Assignee. - . . •
A Very Considerate Finn.'
AXTJMNT OF ST. MARY'S
IN. ANNUAL MEETING
Former Students of the College Elect
Officers — Banquet to Be Held
' To-Night. .
The annual meeting of the alumni of
St. Mary's College was held yesterday
afternoon at the Sacred Heart College,
corner oX Eddy and Larkin streets. There
was a large gathering of the former stu
dents of the college and the reports of
the officers showed that the association
was In a flourishing condition. Brother
Erminold. president of St. Mary's and
Brother Agnon of the same institution,
delivered short addresses. .The election
of officers for the ensuing years resulted
as follows: 1 • . *
' John J. McDonald '31, president* William J.
Magxiire '94, vice president: Louis H. Ward
'96; secretary; E. R. Myrlck '81, treasurer:
Dr. T. D. Maher '97, Robert McCarthy '-Jl,
John J. Greely '97, F. J. Klerce '82 and T. J.
Lermon '85, directors. # . '
A vote'- of thanks was tendered to the
retiring president. Dr. C. D. McGettigan.
The eleventh annual j banquet of the
alumni association will be held this even
ing at a downtown restaurant.
Gains and losses on both sides were re
ported in the matter of the bakers' strike.
The employes seem eo far to have the
better of the situation. The men will re
port for work twenty-four hours after
leaving- Their demand is for seven days'
pay for six days' work and they are confi
dent of securing this concession.
A long and practically technical sched
ule of wages was adopted. In some
branches of the trade nine hours was
adopted; in others ten. Some men may
commence work in the early hours of the
morning, others later in the day; but the
schedule. : say the journeymen, must be
observed". In the event of the Inability of
the employers to secure a union man, a
non-union man may be employed. Instead
of demanding notification immediately
when a question of emergency work is
raised; the employer is relieved of respon
sibility of reporting the matter.
On the usual working days the ten-hour
limit will prevail and on Saturdays and
days preceding holidays thirteen hours
shall constitute a- aay's labor. Sausage
makers are to work ten hours daily u..u
slaughter house men nine hours.
"If the proprietors do not wish to put
out the union card, and are willing to
accede to our other demands, we will be
satisfied," said .Secretary May. ; "Some of
"the proprietors *could not afford to put out
this card, so we are willing. to meet them
half-way. We feel, though, that we have
our contentions won. About hiring non
union help our position has been mis
represented. If the tosses cannot find a
union man, let them take the first best
man they can get, and then we will try
to make him a union man."
It was reported by Secretary May that
all employers could agree to accept the
union rules and rates of wages except as
to the displaying of the union card. Some
friction is expected until this matter is
adjusted. The members will meet every
night at the Turk-street Temple until the
details are adjusted.
Differences between employing and em
ployed butchers are likely to be settled
without any strike. Concessions are be
ing made on both sides and the ten-hour
working day asked by the workingmeu,
except in a very few -instances, is likely
to be granted. The Journeymen Butchers
met at the Turk-street Temple yesterday
afternoon and so modified their demands
that the proprietors of butcher shops who
are willing to give the working' hours and
the pay asked may display the union card
or not as they see fit.
JOURNEYMEN BUTCHERS
RECONSIDER SITUATION
Shops Need Not Display Union Cards
if Wage Agreements Are
Reached.
NEWCASTLE, Pa., June 2.— The strike
oi the boiie'rmakers of the Pennsylvania
Engineering Works of this city for a
nine-hour day has been declared off
•with a victory for the men. > . : *
Boiler-Makers "Win Their Strike.
There is little cargo offerinff from
Colombian ports, in consequence of the
heavy export duties imposed by the
Colombian Government to meet expenses
incident to the revolution.
Fp&nish Liberals Carry the Election.
MADRID. June 2.— The elections for
the renewal of the elective half of the
Senate were held to-day. The Liberals
elected 117 of the candidates and the
Conservatives 5G. The various other
parties . will be represented by 24 mem
bers.
KINGSTON, Jamaica, June 2.— It is re
ported that the revolution in Santo Do
ming-o has been completely crushed at its
Inception and a number of the prominent
rebels shot or imprisoned. Among the
latter is a son of the late President
Hereaux, who is said to have been the
leader of the movement.
Number of Prominent Rebels Said
to Have Been Shot or Im
prisoned.
XV. S. Champ," who has charge of the
equipment- cf the steamer Frith jof, the
.supply vessel of the expedition, left en
route for Tromsoe by the City of Rome
on Saturday. Messers. Andree. Rilliott
and Sandin, members of the expedition,
left by the same steamer to . join the
America, now lying at Dundee awaiting
Commander Baldwin's arrival.
REVOLUTION IN SANTO
DOMINGO IS CRUSHED
"I shall return to New Tork in about
ten days," said Mr. Baldwin. "The ob
ject of my present trip Is to pay a tare
well visit to my parents and other friends.
1 expect to leave New York for Dundee
en tne 12th or 13th of this month to as
sume command of the expedition sched
uled to leave Tronsoe. Norway, on the
25th. : I am not at liberty to announce
the personnel of my party at this time,
but will do so before I leave New York
for my polar trip."
Commander Baldwin Leaves New
York to Pay Farewell Visit to
His Relatives.
NEW YORK. June 2.— Evelyn Brlggs
Baldwin, commander of the expedition
for the discovery of the north pole, left(
to-night for Chicago, St. Louis and
other points In the West- ' :
EVERYTHING IN EEADINESS
FOB THE POT, A ft EXPEDITION
, ' • Sunday, June 2.
Stmr Greenwood, Faperlund, 12 hours from
Greenwood.' ¦
¦ Stmr W H Kruser, Krog, B8 hours from Tll
lamook, bound to San- Pedro; put In to land
passengers. '
Stmr Aberdeen, Jensen, 64 hours from San
Pedro. .
Stmr Luella, Madsen, 13 hours from Caspar.
Stmr Gipsy, Leland, -29 hours from Moss
Landing, etc. ¦ ' . .
Stmr . Queen, . Thomas, 33 hours from San
Diego, etc.
Stmr Grace Dollar, Fosen, 103 hours from
Grays Harbor. - - .
Stmr G C Llndauer, Allen, 103 hours from
Grays Harbor. I • . .
Stmr Coos Bay, Nopander, 72 hours from
Newport and way ports. •
Stmr Celia, Higgins.21 hours from Usal.
: Ship Falls of Clyde, Matson, 16 days from
Hilo.
Bark R. P. Rithet, McFhnJI, 27 days from
Honolulu. -¦ . ' ¦ N. . • '
Schr Helene, Christensen, 28 days from Hon
olulu. .
• Schr Rio Rey, 16 hours from Mendo
cino. '
Schr Jennie Gflffln, Campbell, 5 hours from
Point Reyes. • • .. -. .
Schr Mary -C, . Campbell, 8 hours from Bo
desa. -~ SAILED.
Sunday. June 2.
Stmr Newsboy, "Warner, Cape Nome.-
Stmr Rainier, Hansen, Seattle.
Stmr Newburgr, Petersen, Grays Harbor. :
Stmr Geo Loomis, Brldgett, .Ventura.'
Stmr Santa Rosa, Alexander, ' San Diego.
• Stmr Columbia, -Doran Astoria." ¦. • ¦
1 Stmr Chas D Lane, Ames, Seattle.
Stmr. Sequoia.. Winkle.. Fort Bragg.
Stmr Pomona, Shea, ~ Eureka. . - '
Stmr W H Kruger, Krug, San Pedro. . .
¦¦'. Stmr. Aberdeen, Jensen, Eureka. «'.V ., '
. : Schr Bender _Bros,- Weetzel, Bowens Landing.
Schr Amethyst, Zlmmernlan, Waldport. v V ¦
Scbr Ocean . Spray, Olsen, Iversens . Landing.
TELEGRAPHIC. f .K- "
POINT* LOBOS, June 2— 10 p. m.— Weather
ha^y, wind northwest; velocity 20 miles per
h0Ur * . MEMORANDUM. . ". , % .
Per ship Falls of - Clyde-^June 1— Carried
away, foretopmast yard. . •" ...-.• ,.-¦ . ..- ,..
Per bark R P Rithet— Experienced light ' E
winds and calms first ten days to lat> 30 N,
lone 158.20 ' W ;• thence light S winds to May
. - ¦¦.•.¦- - ' ¦
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
Three boatmen and the employes of the
Harbor Hospital were sent on a wild
goose chase yesterday. Somo one told
Jack Tracey that the body of a woman
was floating off the end of Mission-street
wharf. Four boats were soon hunting
for the alleged corpse, which when found
proved to ' be some old petticoats tied
around a piece of a pile. - *
• The ferry steamship Tamalpais is not
a success ¦ and she has- been withdrawn
from the Sausalito run to see if some de
fects in her construction can bo rectified.
Her paddles are fitted with feathering
buckets, and when the vessel is gong
ahead these work well, but when going
astern they will not feather, and the-ves
sel Is nearly jarred to pieces. This is the
defect the builders are trying to remedy.
The steamship* purchased by ;ho Ger
mans to run- between Apia and Honolulu
is the Ringarooma, not Ringraroons., as
given in Samoan dispatches. She is a
small vessel of 623 tons net burden. 215
feet long, 30 feet beam and 14 fe^t Oeep.
She. was built in England in i.875. Her
name is to be changed to Samoa, and she
will run under the German lias.
Water Front Notes.
A big crowd on Meiggs wharf watched
an interesting race between two crab
boats yesterday. James Sennett and W.
Barlow are two of the boatmen -al the
foot of Powell street, and last week they
made a match to sail a race from oft the
barge office around Blossom- Rock, back
to the barge office, thence around Anita
Rock and back to the barge office. The
race wzts to be sailed in two of the crab
fishermen's boats, the winner. to receive a
$10 purse. Sennett won the race with six
minutes to spare. A strong breeze was
blowing .and the winner showed hmi c elf
more familiar with the kind of craft he
was handling than did his competitor.
Raced in Crab Boats..
THIS steamship Charles D. Lane
got away fur Nome, via Seattle,
on time yesterday. There was
a big crowd dowji to see her
away and' Captain Dunlevy had
a squad of police on the wharf 'n antici
pation of trouble. Two officers in a
Whitehall boat patrolled the slip in which
the vessel lay and followed the craft in
to the stream. Everything passed off
quietly, however, and the Lane is now
well on her way to 'Puget Sound.
The vessel took away auite a number of
passengers, the majority of whom are
men going north to work Mr. Lane's min
ing claims. Charles D. Lane himself went
along and says that work will bes;iii in
earnest as soon as he reaches Nome. Off
Melggs wharf a thorough search was
made- for stowaways, but not cne could
be found. Outside, however, two made
their appearance on deck and Captain
Ames at once gave orders to transfer
them to the pilot boat. One of the stow
aways ran to a gangway and disappeared
and could not be found. The other was a
negro boy and he begged so hard that
Mr. Lane told the captain to let him work
his way as a cabin boy. • • . • • "
The troubles of the Lane began with
the machinists' strike. When the ! men
walked out she required a new- shaft and
her machinery- had to be overhauled.' At
one time it looked as if she would not go
north this year, but the bosses o£ tho
machine shops came to the rescue. They
took off their coats" and with the assist
ance of a few outsiders' completed the re
pairs and last Thursday had the steam
ship ready for sea. There was much r-ard
feeling over the matter and at one time it
was feared that something- might be done
to the machinery in order "to prevent the
vessel going to sea. The police were
called up and a watch kept from Friday
evening until the Lane sailed yesterday.
TO ARRIVE.
NEW YORK— Arrived June 2— Stmr Etruria,
from Queenstown; stmr La Champagne, from
Havre; stmr Slcilla, from Genoa.
Steamer Movements.
LIVERPOOL— Arrived June 2— Stmr' Phila
delphian, from N£w -York; stmr Umbria, from
New York, via Queenstown. if • ¦
MOVILLE— Arrived Stmr State of Nebraska,
from New York, for Glasgow, and proceeded.
GIBRALTAR— Sailed June 2-^Stmr Trave,
from Genoa' and Naples, for New York. ¦ • •
QUEENSTOWN— Sailed June 2— Stmr Cam
pania, from Liverpool, for New York. ;•
PHILADELPHIA— Arrived June' 2— Stmr
Waesland. from Liverpool, via Queenstowri.
LIZARD— Passed June 2— Stmr Pennland,
from Kew York, for Antwero: stmr La Gas
cogrne, from New York, for Havre. I
OCEAN STEAMERS.
ASTORIA— Sailed June 2— Stmr Geo TV Elder,
for San Francisco. Arrived June 2 — Ger bark
H. Hackfeld, from Nagasaki. .
. GRAYS HARBOR— Arrived June 1— Schr
Guide, hence May 18; stmr Scotia, hence May
28. • ' ' ¦
BANDON— Sailed June 2— Schr Corinthian,
for San. Francisco. .- • .
TACOMA— Sailed June 2— Bktn Northwest, for
San Francisco. . •
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived June 2— Br bark
Elizabeth Nicholson, from Shanghai. ' .
- PORT TOWNSEND— Passed . in June 2— Br
ship Howth, from tliogro, for Victoria. Ar
rived June 2— Schr Nokomls, from Santa Ro
salia.' • ¦
REDONDO— Sailed June 2— Stmr Acme, for
San Francisco. ...
" PORT GAMBLE-Salled June 2— Schr Wm
Olsen, for San Francisco. "
DOMESTIC PORTS.
22; thence strong NNW winds for two days;
thence various moderate winds until 300 miles
E of port strong: N winds increasing to a gale.
"Three days out from Hilo a hawk
came aboard and stayed with the ship
for four days. How the bird got so far
out to sea is a mystery. We were all
of 700 miles from land, and that is a
long fly, even for a hawk. When the sail
o-s saw the bird they felt better," and
said it had been sent to take away the
hoodoo. For four days the bird stayed
/around, and during that time I never
had better sailing weather in my life.
j Every stitch of canvas • drew, and for
ninety-four hours the, men never took a
! pull on a brace. Then one night the
hawk . disappeared, and for a week we
had baffling winds that would have made
a saint swear. What became of the bird
is a mystery, but maybe he flew to some
other vessel of the sugar fleet. ' .
""With the disappearance • of the hawk
all the men's superstitions came back;
but everything moved along quietly un
*il last Saturday night, when a gale
came up in a few minutes. A big sea
flooded the decks and washed all the
rope ends out through the portholes. Be
fore the men could get hold of the braces
the pressure of the sail broke the fore
topgallant yard in the sling, one of the
lower topsails split, a jib was blown out
of the bolt-ropes, and 'I was nearly wash
ed out of the jigger rigging. I was aloft
looking for the Farallone light when the
wave climbed around me and gave me
a soaking from which my clothes are
still wet.. It blew so hard that under
topsails we were making ten knots, so
I had to heave the ship to and wait for.
morning. The men are satisfied now.
They knew that three hoodoos meant
some mishap, and Saturday night's
breeze has convinced them they were
right."
Among those who came up on the Falls
of Clyde are S. G. Walker, and wife, Miss
M. Margetts, Miss Hilton. John Akau
and H. L. Achilles and wife.
"We made a splendid run of twelve
days to Hllo." said the Clyde's Jolly
master, "and I fully expected to come
home in thirteen days or less. The
crew swears we would have done it, too,
had It not been for three hoodoos. First,
w^ sailed on a Friday. Jack passed
that over until he counted noses and
found we had thirteen passengers aboard.
Then the men swore by Neptune that
there would be trouble before the voy
age was over.
The best run was made by the four
masted Bark Falls- of Clyde, and Cap
tain Matson says if it had -not been for
a hoodoo he would have made port three
days ago.
Ship TUlle E. Starbuck, 18 days from Hono
lulu, 54.094 sacks: barkentine William H. Di
mond, So days, Uilo. 10.400 sacks; brig: Con-
Euelo, 23 days, Mahukona, 7223 .sacks; schooner
Helene, 28 days, Honolulu, 26.400 socks; bark
R. P. Rithet, 27 days, Honolulu, 32,860 sacks,
and ship Falls of Clyde, 16 -days, Hllo, 60,313
sacks. . . .
A fleet of sugar vessels made port yes
terday, and the refineries should now
have enough of the raw material to keep
them going for a few weeks. Over 10,000
tons of the sweet stuff came in on the
fleet, and was distributed as follows:
Sugar Fleet. Brings in Much
Raw Material for the
Refineries.
- . - .-...¦
One Is a Hawk That
Joins the Vessel Out
at Sea. •
HOODOOS DELAY
FALLS OF CLYDE
LONDON. June 2.— AH Indications point
to a rational resumption of business, on
the Stock Exchange in the near future.
There is no reason why this should have
been delayed as long as it has, except
* that London recovers| slowly, and there
fore the effect of the recent panic has
been a week during which transactions
have been decidedly dull. New York has
continued sending higher prices, and
these were marked up here in a per
functory fashion, but .actual business
has been very small. Leading critics
now point out that the material pros
pects of the United States, which caused
the recent advance, in stocks, are as
{rood as even and that the interests of
the "community of interest" campaign
that is essential to the development of the
American railways system is certain to
cause higher prices.
London's Northern Pacific settlement is
now practically completed, and money is
easy. Home rails are dull, and Ameri
can securities offer the most attractive
rield for operations. The depression in
home rails Is due to unfavorable traffic
reports; the recent holiday period did
not bring the traffic improvement ex
pected. .\
The decided ease in money. was due" to
immense Government disbursements, and
there are confident predictions of an
early reduction In the. bank rate. The
Government, however, owing to the large
amount of foreign money which might be
withdrawn if money oversharpened, is
cautious.
It is reported that Berlin is investing
In Chinese bonds, owing to the clearing
of the political atmosphere in the Orient.
Quotations Lower on Berlin Bourse.
BERLIN. June 2.— It is a significant
fact that the announcement of the with
drawal of the allied troops from China,
which the Bourse had long expected,
would give an impetus to business, was
almost wholly- without influence upon
trading last week. Its only effect was
tj increase transactions in Chinese loans
at rising Quotations.
In all departments the Bourse had a
very bad week, with lower quotations
everywhere. The causes were the un
satisfactory reports from the Iron cen
ters and the general industrial situation.
The weakest spot in the market was the
iron section. All iron shares fell off,
the decline in some instances reaching
seven points.
The general industrial situation is re- '
parded as less favorr.ole. Canadian Pa
cific developed strength upon the in
creased earnings, but Northern Pacifies
were neglected.
The Prussian Government has an order
for 305 locomotives, at an aggregate cost
cf 17,500,000 marks.
LONDON MARKET
REMAINS WEAK
t StalI-.: Feels the Effects
of the Recent •
Panic:
American Securities Offer
the Best Field for
Operators.
.- . . - :¦ ¦ - - - .. - - - ¦ T . ¦••¦-¦. -¦.¦¦•,•¦.¦ -1 ..-;>--¦¦ ,-: •••¦-.- ;-:.•!¦ ¦-',¦¦•- .¦.,.¦.,-;•¦¦. ¦....._¦
THE S&N FRANCISCO CALIi^ MONDAY- JUNE : ; 3. 1901 V
Machinists' Strike .Delayed Her, as a New;Shaft Had to Be Put In and Her
Machinery Overhauled-Union Men Would Not Do the VVVork, So in
Order to Get the Vessel Away the Shipyard Bosses Did It "Themselves
STEAMSHIP CHARLES D. LANE SAILS
AT LAST FOR THE NOME GOLDFIELDS
STEAMSHIP CHARLES D. LANE SAILING FOR NOME AND GOLOFNIN BAT. HER OWNER FEARED THAT
SOMETHING MIGHT. BE DONE TO PREVENT HER DEPARTURE, SO. A SQUAD OF POLICE STOOD GUARD
OVER HER FROM FRIDAY UNTIL NOON YESTERDAY. '
BALLARD, June 2.— The farmers of the
Santa Ynez VaHey are beginning to har
vest the heaviest and best crop raised In
fifteen years. The outlook at one time
was anything but promising, but the
splendid x rains during the last days of
April performed wonders and thousands
of acres of grain now await the header
and thresher. • ¦ - •
Santa Ynez Grain Abundant.
Warrants will be procured to-day for
the • arrest ' of ; a number of the soldiers
who took part in the riot of Friday night,
and they will be served on the offenders
as soon as they are mustered out.
' To secure evidence i that the pro
prietors of- the groggeries were break
ing the laws ' was an easy ¦•"- matter.
Three police officers wearing the uni
forms of soldiers entered the places
and purchased numerous rounds pf
drinks, which were served without any
questioning.
Ample evidence was secured by the of
ficers, and they swore to warrants for
the arrest of Adolph Rehfeld, Otto Weln
hold and Leon Borel. The warrants were
served yesterday by Officer Pete Fan
ning. ¦¦>,:. . '
Rehf eld's corner has been a source of
trouble -to the police - for the last three
years, and the news, of his arrest afford
ed the officers at the Presidio great sat
isfaction. His place was burned down
by the soldiers two years ago, and he
has been threatened repeatedly with trou
ble since resuming business.
The soldiers of .the Forty-fifth Regi
ment were confined to their camp yester
day, and a strong guard was placed -to
keep out all visitors. The guard- of
mounted artillerymen patrolled the streets
last night and prevented the gathering
in any one spot of many soldiers. It was
feared that a repetition of the attack of
Friday night would be made. The men,
however, were disposed to be orderly,
and made no trouble.
5
Steamer.
From.
Due.
Victoria Oyster Harbor
Matteawan Taccma
Noyo....' Humboldt
Robert Dollar. . Seattle and Hadlock
San Pedro...! '.. San Pedro
Czarina........ Seattle and Tacoma....
Acme.... San Pedro
Eureka Humboldt
Santa Barbara. Grays -Harbor
Titania. Nanalmo
Gaelic China and Japan
G. W. Elder Portland- and Astoria...
Mandalay Coquille River
Coronado San Pedro
Zealandia Honolulu ..: .'
Colombia Valparaiso & Way Pts
Arcata..'. Coos. Bay
Pomona Humboldt
Washtenaw.... Tacoma ..-. I
City of Puebla. Puget Sound Ports.....'.
Point Arena. ... Point Arena '..
Corona.......... Nevyport .*
Santa Rosa San Diego
City of Para.... Panama & "Way Ports.
Crescent City . . Crescent City
June 3
June 3
June 3
June 3
June 3
June 3
June 3
June 3
June 4
June 4
June 4
June 4
June . 4
June 5
June 5
June 5
June 5
June 5
June 5
June 6
June 6
June 6
June 6
June 8
June 8
Steamer.
Destination.
[Sails.
Pier.
San Pedro
Leelanaw
Rival....
Czarina.......
Noyo.:
North Fork...
Bonita *
Grace Dollar.
Coronado
Eureka........
Umatllla
Queen
•Jane 3.
Humboldt
N. Y. v. Panama..
Wlllapa . Harbor . .
- June 4.
Seattle & Tacoma.
Humboldt
Humboldt
Newport
June S.
Grays Harbor
Seattle & Everett..
Humboldt
Puget Sounds Ports
San Diesro
Jnne 6.
China and Japan...
Seattle & Hadlock.
June 7. .
Mexican Ports ....
Astoria & Portland
Valparaiso & Way.
Coquille River
Coos Bay
¦ Jnne 8.
Panama & Way..
Honolulu ..:
Newport ..."........
Point Arena
2 pm
2 pm
5 pm
5 pm
5 pm
9 am
9 am
5 pm
5 pm
9 am
11 am
9 am
Pier 2
Pier 16
5th st.
Pier 8
Pier 2
Pier 2
Pier 11
Pier '2
Pier 2
Pier 13
Pier 9
Pier 11
City Peking..
Robt; Dollar.
1 pm
— pm
PMSS
Pier 2
¦ I ¦ . ¦ '
Curacao.......'
G. W. Elder.. I
Palena ....
Mandalay
Arcata
10 am
11 am
12 m
A nm
12 m
Pier 11
Pier 24
Pier 34
Pier 2
Pier 13
City Sydney..
Zealandia
Corona.'. ....'.'.
Point Arena..
12 m
10 am
9 am
2 pm
PMSS
Pier 7
Pier 11
Pier 2
Steamer.
Destination.
Sails.
Conomaugh Nomo ¦ via. St. Mlchaef. J uho 4
State of Cal — Skaguay & Way Ports. Juno 5
South Portland Nome.. Teller & Topkuk June S
E. Thompson... Nome & St. Michael... June 5
Dolphin ;.. Skaguay ' & WayPorts. June 6
Farallon..i..,.. Skaguay & Way Ports.. June 7
City of Seattle. Skaguay & "Way Ports.. June 3
Cottage City. .. Skaguay & Way Ports. June 9
Sun rises
Sun ' sets
Moon rise;
4:48
...>.. ..7:27
3:31 p. m.
• Time
Date
II wi
S .. 6:05
4 ... 6:43
H W
5 ... 0:16
6 ... 1:00
7 .:. *:E3
8 ... 3:00
9 ... 4:16
I Time 1
! Time
Ft.
L W
4.6 5:34
4.7 6:23
H W
—0.5 2:49
—0.2 3:27
- 0.0 4:09
0.5 4:49
| ;0.9 5:30|
Time >
Ft.
H W
11:34 5.7
l'w
7:15 3.2
8:18 3.1
9:25 2.9
10:38 2.4
11:46 1.8
?M
i
HW
~
—0.6
—0.6
1:30
'2:10
L W
7:24
.8:02
8:48
9:36
10:291
3.2
3.2
¦ 5.6
5.-3
5.0
¦4.7
4.3
4.8
. 6.0
6.0
5.2
I 5.4
Sun rises
Sun ' sets
Moon rise;
4:48
...>.. ..7:27
3:31 p. m.
• Time
Date
II wi
S .. 6:05
4 ... 6:43
H W
5 ... 0:16
6 ... 1:00
7 .:. *:E3
8 ... 3:00
9 ... 4:16
I Time 1
! Time
Ft.
L W
4.6 5:34
4.7 6:23
H W
—0.5 2:49
—0.2 3:27
- 0.0 4:09
0.5 4:49
| ;0.9 5:30|
Time >
Ft.
H W
11:34 5.7
l'w
7:15 3.2
8:18 3.1
9:25 2.9
10:38 2.4
11:46 1.8
?M
i
HW
~
—0.6
—0.6
1:30
'2:10
L W
7:24
.8:02
8:48
9:36
10:291
3.2
3.2
¦ 5.6
5.-3
5.0
¦4.7
4.3
4.8
. 6.0
6.0
5.2
I 5.4
Steamer.
From.
Due.
Victoria Oyster Harbor
Matteawan Taccma
Noyo....' Humboldt
Robert Dollar. . Seattle and Hadlock
San Pedro...! '.. San Pedro
Czarina........ Seattle and Tacoma....
Acme.... San Pedro
Eureka Humboldt
Santa Barbara. Grays -Harbor
Titania. Nanalmo
Gaelic China and Japan
G. W. Elder Portland- and Astoria...
Mandalay Coquille River
Coronado San Pedro
Zealandia Honolulu ..: .'
Colombia Valparaiso & Way Pts
Arcata..'. Coos. Bay
Pomona Humboldt
Washtenaw.... Tacoma ..-. I
City of Puebla. Puget Sound Ports.....'.
Point Arena. ... Point Arena '..
Corona.......... Nevyport .*
Santa Rosa San Diego
City of Para.... Panama & "Way Ports.
Crescent City . . Crescent City
June 3
June 3
June 3
June 3
June 3
June 3
June 3
June 3
June 4
June 4
June 4
June 4
June . 4
June 5
June 5
June 5
June 5
June 5
June 5
June 6
June 6
June 6
June 6
June 8
June 8
Steamer.
Destination.
[Sails.
Pier.
San Pedro
Leelanaw
Rival....
Czarina.......
Noyo.:
North Fork...
Bonita *
Grace Dollar.
Coronado
Eureka........
Umatllla
Queen
•Jane 3.
Humboldt
N. Y. v. Panama..
Wlllapa . Harbor . .
- June 4.
Seattle & Tacoma.
Humboldt
Humboldt
Newport
June S.
Grays Harbor
Seattle & Everett..
Humboldt
Puget Sounds Ports
San Diesro
Jnne 6.
China and Japan...
Seattle & Hadlock.
June 7. .
Mexican Ports ....
Astoria & Portland
Valparaiso & Way.
Coquille River
Coos Bay
¦ Jnne 8.
Panama & Way..
Honolulu ..:
Newport ..."........
Point Arena
2 pm
2 pm
5 pm
5 pm
5 pm
9 am
9 am
5 pm
5 pm
9 am
11 am
9 am
Pier 2
Pier 16
5th st.
Pier 8
Pier 2
Pier 2
Pier 11
Pier '2
Pier 2
Pier 13
Pier 9
Pier 11
City Peking..
Robt; Dollar.
1 pm
— pm
PMSS
Pier 2
¦ I ¦ . ¦ '
Curacao.......'
G. W. Elder.. I
Palena ....
Mandalay
Arcata
10 am
11 am
12 m
A nm
12 m
Pier 11
Pier 24
Pier 34
Pier 2
Pier 13
City Sydney..
Zealandia
Corona.'. ....'.'.
Point Arena..
12 m
10 am
9 am
2 pm
PMSS
Pier 7
Pier 11
Pier 2
Steamer.
Destination.
Sails.
Conomaugh Nomo ¦ via. St. Mlchaef. J uho 4
State of Cal — Skaguay & Way Ports. Juno 5
South Portland Nome.. Teller & Topkuk June S
E. Thompson... Nome & St. Michael... June 5
Dolphin ;.. Skaguay ' & WayPorts. June 6
Farallon..i..,.. Skaguay & Way Ports.. June 7
City of Seattle. Skaguay & "Way Ports.. June 3
Cottage City. .. Skaguay & Way Ports. June 9
' . ADVERTISEMENTS. -•'•-
TELEPHONE - - M ¥Y1 A
222-224 SUTTER ST.
Country buyers are entitled to iQ the
• " • ¦ "roeclal sale" prices.
FOR PICHrcAHD'CAMPDlG.
. We have In stock small and convenient
packages in the way of Dainties and Deli-
cacies, also Baskets and Straps, Forks,
Knives, Paper Napkins, Wooden Plates,
etc. " - ; .
SPECIAL "REDUCTIONS.
MONDAY»TU£SI)AY : -WEDNESDAY
OIlYeOil,R^r«c: large bot 43c
L. L. & Co.'i. lmoorted. . .
Coffee, 'p^i Ib20c
. Prom Sandwich Itlanfla." Roasted or
ground. We claim to tell the best Kona
. In the city. . : - r .
Fruit Syrups, fcST 1 ' 1 Qt bot 40c
Raspberry, ' '• Strawberry. Grenadine,
Pineapple,* Lemon. -
Telescope Baskets.
txis in. nxi7> t n*n~ .
Res. 45o 80o 5So 40c So . 6Oo
Laxxer. sizes reduced In proportion. -
Shawl Straps, from 10c to $1.25
Rubber DMIng dps, 15c
New-^Just th« thins for picnics and
outings; can be pat In your Test pocket.
PhflOC 0 • Eastern, full erasm : U' Th 47 1
1116656, R.fcularly 25ft , *" **JW
Martin's Herklmela X" \ .
Moth Balls, f»««"'«Hy io* Ib Be
To preserve your winter clothing- and
furniture. "
Deifled Ham^-JS . large tin 15c
. P. &. "W. Exqulslta for sandwiches. \,
I Claret, r^Wsoc i gal 85c
Excellent value for the moneiy— w« sell
at this old price while stock lasts. All
wines have advanced.
HammeUs,* bot tS c pIntbo t r»c t25c
Witch Hazel for poison oalL • sores,
bruises, etc.
Wood Alcohol, ¦"•* *'« gal 95c
For burnlns only. • - '• . •
Alcohol Stole, R^'«rfy so* 20c
With class font; and screw cap and
regulator. ¦ ....
Best Tonic, Pabst Malt Extract-
Reg. 23c bot 8Oe
12.50 dOZ 92.25
Cigars, "Yelasqnez,"
Finest clear Havana Key West, all '
banded. . i .
Our price 3 for 23c Elsewhere lOo each
" " 12%c " " S for SOc
" . " 3 for SOc " " 25c each
Other brands; boxes of 25 from $1.00 up.
' AlCTJSEMENTS. .
VAUDEVILLE'S GEMS
HINKS AND sREMTNGTON. FLORpNCB
- BINDLET. MAKTINETTI AND SUTHER-
LAND. FLATT AND SUTHERLAND, THE
"BIOGRAPH
-And Final Week of.
GRACE VAN STTJDDIFORD. LEW SVUL.T,
. HENRT'LEE.. .
Reserved Beats, 25c; Balcony. Me; Opera
Chairs and Box. Seats. 60c. ...
Matinees Wednesday. Saturday and Sunday.
*T I VOL I*
* "BUSINESS UNFRECEDENTEDr
KVENTNGS AT 8.
ANOTHER BIG TOY SOUVENIR
MATINEE SATURDAY, Jnoe 8th, at 2.
• EVERT CHILD WILL BE PRESENTED
WITH A SOUVENIR TOT ATTENDING
\W:M THE >.
TOY MAKER!
POPUXtAR PRICES..*. JSc and Me
; v . ¦'- ' ; . . Telephone — Bush 9. " ' .
QPtANB' OPEPIA. HOUSE
, ' MATINEES SATTJRDAT AND STJNDAT.
Commenclns -THIS ' (MONDAY) • BVENINCk
MELBOURNE MacDOWELL
¦¦ •
Supported by FLORENCE STONE, In'
Sardou's Great Play. •
"LATGSCA"
MELBOURNE MACDOWEXX, as "SCAIIPIA.**
Another $2 attraction at popular -prices. -
10c, 13c. 25c. 50c. A Few Seats 75c.
Good Orchestra - Seat all Matinees 25c
¦ .' Branch Ticket Office — Emporium.
BELASCO AmaTHAUSjUf^f
Beginning: TO-NIGHT-A11 This Week.
MATINEE SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
Mammoth Production of the Patriotic and
Realistic Naval Drama,
"OLD GLORY"
The . Story of the American Bluejackets '
• . - . . : in Chile. .
Thrilling Naval Batile— The Baltimore Saved
¦ From Destruction— Mobs Assail Ameri-
can Tars, Etc. Etc -"-V
PDirF^ Evenings.... 10c. 15c. 25c. 33c. Me
IlllvCO Matinees 10c. 15c. 25e
Next Week— "A NIGHT AT THE CIRCUS."
~~T~ ~~- : ¦¦..,- "
RACING I. RACING I. RACING t
SPRING MEETING— OpenlS* April 21.
CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB.
OAKLAND RACETRACK:
Racing Monday. Tuesday. Wednesday. Thurs-
day. Friday and Saturday. Rain or iUml
Five or more races each day.
Races start at 2:15 p. . m. sharp. .
Ferry-boats leave San Francisco at 12 m'.'and
12:30. 1. l:30.'2. 2:30 and I p. m.. eenaeeUnc
1 with trains stopping: at the entrance to tit*
track.- -Last two can on train reserved for
ladies and their escorts; no smoking. Buy your
ferry tickets to Shell Mound. All trains via
Oakland mole , connect with San Pablo avena*
electric cars at Seventh and Broadway, Oak-
land. "Also all trains via Alameda mala con-
nect wiUKSan Pablo avenue cars at Fourteenth
and Broadway. | Oakland These electric • car*
go direct to the track in fifteen minutes.
i Returning— Trains leave the track at 4:15 and
' 4:45 p. m. and Immediately after the last race.
THOMAS H. WILLIAMS JR.. President.
¦R. B. MILROY. Secretary.
FTSCHFR'9" CONCERT HOUSE.
riOUnnn O Admission lOc.
CHARITY MARTIN. Matlldita and Ballet.
Katherine Krieg and Mlnni« Huff. Carrol. At-
lantis. Charles Held and Sam Hold-worth. ¦ . -.
Reserved Seats. 23c. Matinee Sunday.
SUTRO BATHS.
.OPENNIGHTS.
' Open daily- from ,7 a. m.~ to 11 p. aa. .- •
BathiiiK from 7 a. m. to ' 10:30 p. m,
' • ADMISSION 10c . CHILDREN. 5c.
. Ea thins. Including admission. 25c. Children, 20c.
NEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
QUEEN VICTOBLA'S HAUL
Its Profusion, at Her Age, Has Al-
¦wuys Been a Wonder. -
' Over 80 years old. Queen Victoria yet
has luxuriant hair, which has for years
been a marvel. The court physician, fol- t
lowing Prof. Unna's discovery, has treat-
ed her -Majesty's scalp with a Kerm de-
stroying preparation, which he has al-
ways kept secret. It is now known, how-
ever, that the remedy for dandruff, the
g-erm destroying element. , Is embodied in
Newbro's Herpicide, the only hair prcpar-
; ation on the market that does destroy the
dandruff germ. Without, dandruff. . hair
will grow profusely, and falling nair will
be stopped. "Destroy the cause, you re-
move the effect."
HOTEL^
' .Visitors to San Francisco who mako
! their headctuarters at these hotels en-
joy cemforts and conveniences not to
be obtained elsewhere. Desirable loca-
tion, courteous attaches and unequaJed
cuisine. American and European plans.
*»GRAND HOTELS j
AJTUSEMOBNTS. ' 'i.
wU&UUlvBDE** leading theatre
THIRD "WEEK OF THE ¦ :J.O,"
HENRY MILLER
¦ ' .. 'SEASON. l~ - .,'
TO-NIGHT,- TUESDAY AND WEDNESDAT
NIGHTS AND WEDNESDAY MATINEE,
Last Time of Oscar Wilde's Comedy." .
"THE IMPORTANCE OF BEING EARNEST."
THURSDAY, FRIDAY AND SATURDAY
NIGHTS AND SATURDAY MATINEE.
. DOUBLE BILL. ' / , • /
' The Empire Theater Success,
, "GUDGEONS."
: ' ' ' And the One Act Play. -
-.. "FREDERICK LEMAITRE." . " "
Next Monday Henry - Miller Will ' present for
the- first time on any. stage the new
- : • romantic love story.-
J. "DARCY OF THE GUARDS."
EVERY EVENING THIS WEEK. . "
MR. JAMES NEILL
Presenting
' The Beautiful Romantic Comedy,
A COLONIAL GIRL.
A Noveity in the Poetry of Motion.'
PRICES— Evening, 2Sc. 33c, 58c. 73c, $1
' Sat. Mat.— 25c, 50c. 75c. -
BARGAIN ¦:teAlliiEES-- ll lHJ|RSDAYS.";
¦ \ ._ ¦ :_2, ¦-¦ 23<s and 50c. '
,V NEXT— By 'special request,
A PARISIAN ROMANCE.
TO-NIGHT-
FLORENCE ROBERTS
Bupported . by White WhSttlesey, in Julia
Marlowe's Success, :\
"FOR BONNIE
PRINCE! CHARLIE."
• Orchestra,' * first 6 rows, 75c". j ; Reserve seats
six days in advance. . -' -• -
ONLY, MATINEE SATURDAY. — V-
GHUTES_and ZOO
"KVERY AFTERNOON AND EVENING. '
THE FLYING JORDANS. \
EVANS, DEVERS AND EVANS, .THE GIL-'
:. LEN TRIO, CLIOTON MONTGOMERY,
; MLLE. ADELAIDE," BABY l RUTH RO-
- LAND. 'NEW MOVING PICTURES. . » .
FORREST SEABURY^
HIGH DIVEIU
amateur mSt, Thursday.
• ' Phone for Seats— Park 23.
ADVEBTISEJIENTS.
R at prices of the
\-:'y- ' '¦¦' .; lowest limit is
H a leading .feature of oar
I great Camera Sale, which
B will continue this week.
I 50 Per Gent Reduction
I en Premos, Pocos, Koronas
fl and Monroes mean> rec-
a ord-breaking opportunity to
I g;t a fine camera for little
I money. v
E M?v > SfilrjnprPnip "»
.r.!*i1t*->»~l': ¦_
OB. GROSSMAN'S SPECIFIC MIXTURE
For the cure -U>f- GOXORRHEA. GLEETS,
STRICTURES and analogous complaints of the
Organs of Generation. - ¦*¦.'>•¦— . .
Prlc« $1 a bottle. For sale by drucglstt.
THE TRIPLER
LIQIIID COMPANY.
. • (Parent Company.). ' ..
/: Owing' to' the very libexal subscriptions and great demand for 'Oxe'H
" stock of THE TBIPI^EB LIQUID AIR COMPANY, the subscription •¦
. books are to-be opened again, and permanent offices maintained in •
this city, in^conjunction with the PABENT COMPANY ' OP. NEfW
YOEK.' The. stock will bsr offered for a. short time only, at $9.00 r-.
per'sHare. This same price is* quoted in New .York and Paris.
The right "is reserved to reject or reduce any subscription^ Send for
¦i prospectus, or call in 'person. , Subscriptions should' be acpompanied .
.by check or draft, made payable to the order of TAYLOR & CO.,- PA- %
|? CIFIC- COAST FISCAL AGENTS; ROOMS 66-67 CHRONICLE"
SAN FRANCISCO, CAL. .I'HUMOROUS VIEWS OF THE MEN BEHIND THE GUNS AT SHELL MOUND PARK AS SKETCHED BY A CALL
Game Full of Blunders PoorlyPlayed
at the Capital.
SACRAMENTO. June 2.— Sacramento
took the series by defeating the cripples
again to-day by a score of 13 to 8. The
game was of the amateur order, and a
series of blunders from start to finish,
with just enough hard hitting to make it
endurable; and.it dragged along for two
hours and a half. MoEkiman officiated
for Oakland, and was hit safely four
teen times, while Doyle, who twirled for
Sacramento, was found thirteen times,
and both men walked seven players. The
score:
OAKLAND.
4*—^ . AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Streib. r. t. 6 i 2 o- 2 o o
Drennan. c I. ..%.... 4 2 2 0 1 0 'o
Held. lb..... ........ 4 0 0 1 10 l o
Arrellanes. 2b... S 2 2 0 1 5 2
Dunleavy. 1. f..... v . 4 1 2 0 10 1
B&bbitt. s. a......... 5 .1 o o •> •> i
Moore. Sb t :.... 6.12 0 2 Z o
Lohraan. c 1 6 0 o 5 o o
Mosklman, p.. 6 0 3 u 3 4 j
.-Totals :•>"-., ....3S S 13 I 27 12 1
;- SACRAMENTO. *
: ¦"-'.¦• : AB. R- BH. SB. PO. A E
McLaughlin. X. t.... « : 2 3 b 2 0 0
• Courtney, 2b ;. 6 2 1- I 2 1 1
I>oyle. p S 12 0 0 4 0
McGucken» c. t 4 0. 0 0 1 n n
Hanlpn. lb 6.2 ; 1 £ £ X 1
Stanley, c — 3 '1 i "\ o- 6 1 0 :
Hheehan. 3b SO 1 0 0 2 1
Stricklett. r. f.........4 2 2.1 1 i {
: Totals 43 13 14 4 27 14 "3
RUNS AND HITS BY IXNTNGS.
Oakland . : 2 02 0 4.0 000— s
Base hit* .-.2 0 l*i 4.1 \ 0 5J13
Kscramento ...4 16 0 0 0 00 2— ij
JJase hit* 41 S. 10011 i_JJ
SUMMARY.
Rune "responsible for — Mo^klman 6 Doyle 4
Home runs— Arrellanea, Strlekleti. Three-base"
hH— Dunlea\T- Two-base hits— Doyle 2. First
base on errors— Oakland 2. Sacramento 5. First
base on called balls — Off Mosklman 7, off Dovle
7. Left on bases — Oakland 12. Sacramento "lL
Struck out — By Mosklman 2, by Doyle 5. Hit
by pitcher— Devereaux, Lohman. - Double plays
— MoEkiman to Held; Courtney to Hanlon
Wild pitch— Doyle. Time of game— 2:31 Um
pire—Tyler. Official »corer— Rutherford.
Three runs apiece and a game extend
ed within an out of- eleven complete In
nings was the Oakland verdict. Until the
seventh inning the Angels led 3 to 1, but
then Nordyke. with .McCarthy in the run
ning, drove the ball over the left field
fence and the score was tied. Both pitch
ers. Hale and Evans, were in good shape
and performed well. Errors, with the ex
ception of glaring ones by Brockhoff, who
dropped two flies, could only be discov
ered by the aid of a producing glass. The
score: . -
SAN FRANCISCO. " ' .)
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Hlldebrand. If ...... 5 0 0 0 4 0 0
Schwartz. 2b 5 0 0 0 3 '3 0
Krug. ee 6 0 0 0 2 2 0
Pabst, lb ...6 1 1 0 13- 0 0
McCarthy, cf 4 1 2 0 3. 0 0
Is'orclyke, rf 5 1 2 0 11 0
J. Rejlly, 3b 4 0 2 0 0" « 0
Graham, c 4 0 116 2 1
Evans, p 4 0 1 V.O 0 0 0
Totals 41 3 9 1 *22 15 1
LOS ANGELES.
'¦'.'¦¦ ¦ AB.. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Brockhoff. rf. 4 0-0-0 4 1 2
Hutchinson, lb 4 0 2 0 7 0 0
Householder, cf 6 1.21 4 0 0
Spies, c S 11 0*20
C. Reilly. 3b S 0 1 1 0 8 0
Kelly, ss 5 12 0 6 0 0
Bowman. If 3 0 116 0 0
Briseno. 2b 4 0-0 0 1 1 0
Hale, p 4 0 0 0.020
. Totals 37 3 8 * 3 33 9 2
•Game called with two out_in eleventh inning.
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Ean Francisco ... 0100002000 0—3
Base hits 0 2. 01203010 0-3
Los Angeles 2jO 00 0.1 00 0 0 0—3
Base hits 3 0 0 0 1 20200 1—9
SUMMARY.
Runs responsible for— Evans 3, Hale 3. Home
run— Xordyjte. Two-base hits— Pabst, Hutchin
6on. Kelly. Sacrifice hits— HutchinBon, Spies.
First base on errors— San Francisco 2. First
base on celled balls— San Francisco 1. Los An
geles 3. Left on bases — San Francisco 6, Los
Angeles 7. Struck out— By Evans 4, by Hale
C. Time of game— Two hours. Umpire— J.
O'ConnelL ; Official scorer— H. S. McFarlln.
¦ : ¦ - m
SACR.ATVnSNTO WINS SESIES.
San "Francisco 3, Los Angeles 3.
HOBNDfG GAME.
The latter game was scientific to the
core, the work devolving upon both pitch
ers, who labored in glorious fashion in
the box. Hartwell, the Angel twirler.
pitched remarkable baseball one inning
after the other and Iburg came close to
a perfect imitation of It. The Orangeman
etruck out six men, allowed but two hits
and gave two men free transportation.
Iburg's hitting allowance was three hits,
passing one and striking out one.
To him. is accredited the single run of
the day. Reaching the first bag In the
third inning on a hit to left, he skirted
to third on Bowman's error and scored
latterly on Hildebrand's out.
Hlldebrand forced a cheer from the
crowd by the one featural play of the
day. With Hutchlnson on second. House
holder sent the ball out. to the far-away
left field. Hildebrand brought the spheroid
down by a remarkable one-hand catch.
This saved the game for San Francisco
just as Bowman's error, allowing the ball
to slip through his hands, lost it for Los
Angeles.- The score:
SAN FRANCISCO.
AB. R. BE EB. PO. A. E.
Hlldebranfl, If 4 0 0 0 2 0 0
Schwartz, 2b 4 0 1 0 12 0
Krug. ££ 4 0 0 0 4 3 0
Pabst, lb 4 0 0 0 14 11
McCarthy, cf 2 O 0 1 0 0 0
Nordyke. rf 2 0 0 0 2 0 0
Keilly, Sb SO 0 0 17 0
Oraham, c 3.0 0 02 1 0
Ibarg. p 3 110 15 0
Totals ...... ......M 1 2 1 '27 13 1
;. ANGELES.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Brockhoff. rf 4 0 0^200
Hutchinson. lb 3 0 0 0 9 0 1
Householder, cf .... 8 0 0 0 10 0
Spies, c S 0 0 0 6 10
C. Reilly. 3b 3 0 10 2 10
Kelly, ss 2 0 1 0 i 4 0
Bowman, If S 0 0 0 TO 1
Briseno. 2b 3 0 0 0 18 1
Hartwell, p 3 0 1 p 0 0 0
Total* 27 0 3 0 27 14 . 3
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Ean Francisco 00100000 0—1
Base hits 0 0 1 0 0 0 0 A 1-2
Los Angeles 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0—0
Base hit* 00101001 0—3
SUMMARY.
Sacrifice hit— Kelly. First base on errors-
San Francisco 1, Los Angeles 1. First base on
called balls— San Francisco 2,> Los Angeles L
Left on bases— San Francisco 1, Los Angeles
2. Struck out— By Ibursr X. by Hartwell G.
Double playe — Schwartz to Krue to Pabst,
Briseno to Kelly to Hutchinson. Time or gatui
—One hour and thirty minutes. Umpire— O Cor •
. nelL Official ecorer— McFarlln,
After playing three close and exciting
games the Los Angeles and San Fran
cisco teams ended the series yesterday by
a couple of matches that will mark a
strong white line in the season's play. On
the Oakland grounds In the morning an
eleven inning game, terminating in a. tie,
was presented to the Freeman Park pat
rons. Then the teams bustled aboard the
train and on. the Recreation Grounds in
the afternoon played to a 1-0 score.
San Francisco 1, "Los Angeles O.
Orangemen Are Shut
Out After an Eleven
. Inning Tie.
>
Score of Morning Game
Is Three All— Close ..
BasbalL
ANGELS STUNG
BY THE WASPS
. Trifles- light J as -hair »have turhed ; the
whole course of. many a man's appetite. .-
An itemized statement from a pretty
woman's dressmaker Is only a bill of fair.
Saxon Wins French Derbv
June 3—The Prix du Jockey Club
(French , Derby) ot $27^40. for, three-year
olds, one and- one-half miles .was run t«_
day archantilly and won by Sa X0 ™ Jea^
Bart n being second and TibTre thfrd
Thirteen ran. The victory of th« *avUrit6
wm verjr popular. . . ' -*T?" te
Another ¦ carload of trunks, valises and
dress suit cases -just received. v Also large
shipment of pocketbooks, belts, bill bocks,
card and- cigar ' cases, s. On " all- fine leather
goods, kodaks and cameras included, your
full name lettered in gold free of charg-e. 1
Sanborn, Vail & Co.,' 741 Market st. : . • ;
A . Carload of Truiiks.
Not His Day, for Selling.
"Doesyou want to see de presidentof de
road?" : queried the colored man- who sat
in a chair at the head. of the stairs.
:"Yes, he's the ¦ man I want^to see," re
plied the caller, r ¦¦•• ¦:
" ..'Bout " a pass or suthin' ?" \ • * "
"About buying out the road for $50,000,000.
Can you attend to the business forme?*'*
"I *spect3l could, sah; but dis bein* my
second - day • yere an' ; v bein' I ain't , f eelin'
powerful well/ perhaps you'd better see de
president hlsself— right down the hall an'
second doah ; to de -left. . sah/'-^Chicago
News.""; - . ._
The Central California Baseball League
organized last night, with Santa ¦ Cruz,
Watsonville, San Jose and Salinas teams.
G. Foley of Wateqnvllle is president, and
C Dennis of Santa Cruz secretary, j Each
team will play eighteen games. The sea
son will open next Sunday. San Jose
will play Santa Cruz here, and- Salinas
and Watsonville will, play at Watson
ville. ' . - •
SANTA CRUZ, June' 2.— The • baBeball
game this afternoon between Santa; Cruz
and Watsonville was won by the former.
The score was 8 to 3. , .
HEALDSBURG, June 2.— Trie Healds
burg team defeated American Steel
and Wire Company' sv team, by a score
of 13 to 4 at the local grounds to-day.
This makes ten \ straight victories I for
the locals this season. *' ' • .'¦'» ¦¦:'
HOLL.1STER, June 2.— In the ? game
to-day; the Nobles scored 10 and Hollls
ter 4.- Batteries— Tyson and Ford; Mills
and ¦ Sexton. . . * -.- •* ¦ . " • ¦
Minor Baseball.
HABPER IS PITCHING
GOOD BALL Df THE EAST
Keeps the Cincinnatis Down to One
Sun on Their Home
I ¦ Field.
: NATIONAL LEAGUE.
CINCIN*NATI, June 2.— The Cincinnatis were
welcomed home from their successful Eastern
trip by the largest crowd of the season to-day.
The St. Lou's pitcher was at his best and held
the home team safe from start to finish. Hahn
pitched a poor game of ball. He was hit hard
and his support was not of the best. St. Louis
fielded superbly. Attendance. 14,494. Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Cincinnati 14 4
Et. Louis .'« 11 2
Batteries— Hahn and J3ergen; Harper and
.JCichole. Umpire-^-Cunningham. ¦
CHICAGO. June 2.— The Chicagos did a great
deal of sensational fielding to-day, -but were
helpless before Leever'e great pitching. A
clean single. . a' stolen base, an error and a
scratch hit saved them from a shut-out. At
tendance, 7<00. Score: •
¦ Clubs— • • . R. • H. .¦ E.
Chicago 1.4 1
Pittsburg 6 11 .4
Batteftes— Waddell and Kahoe ; | Leever and
O'Connor. Umpire — Dwyer.
. AMERICAN LEAGUE.-
DETROIT, June 2.— Philadelphia captured
the first game of the series from Detroit to-day
quite handily. For .four .innings It was close
and exciting, but after that Bernhard kept the
hits scattered. Score: ' • . .. .
Clubs- .' R.* H. E.
Dttrcit : 8 11 3
Philadelphia « 11 11, 5
Batteries— Friske, Owen and Buelow; Berri
bard and Powers. - . ; •
CHICAGO. June 2.— Two bases on balls and
four singles gave Washington five runs in the
first Inning. The home players put up a great
fight, but could not overcome the lead the
visitors had gained.- Attendance, 11,000. Score:
Clubs— R. H. " . E.
Chicago 5 10 4
Washington '. '. .. 7 10 2
. Batteries— Griffith - and . Sullivan; Carrlck
Lee and Grady. - ; . *
MILWAUKEE. June 2.— With two men out
Boston landed on Reidy. for four singles, five
doubles and one home run. scoring nine earned
runs and clinching the game In the ninth in
ning. Score :
M^wat*w .,.:..., ;.\ ;.,..? • -V.3
Boston ......V............... ;;..13 ig J
Batterles-Reldy- and Leahy; Young and
eenreck. ¦ ¦ /: '. * • . ,. -
Clubs played yesterday on the Alameda
grounds, ended in a draw,' time not re
maining to play it out. The Pacifies made
a good display of even batting, no fewer
than six of their batsmen scoring double
figures. When eight wickets were down"
for 156 runs. Captain Casidy called the in
nings, John Myers having scored 39, C. P..
Coles .33, A. »w. , Wilding 14, D. Jameson
22, F.' Bennion 18,- and J.,J. Theobald
20. •' T. J. A. Tiedemann and V. P. Sollom
did not bat. . F% Croll . took three wickets,
while Ward Jr. s captured " two - and i Ward
Sr. the 'same number. tfW^hen the Ala
medas went to the bat- with 157 to make
to secure a victory and three wickets were
down for 49 runs; it looked like a win for
the Pacifies; but. F.,Croll's excellent 65 not
out put ''a' different complexion , on affairs,
and at the: call of time only, five Alameda
wickets ,were dpwn for 103 ; runs. » Casidy.
took two wickets, and Coles and Jamie
son one each. -G." J. Baugh ,¦ contributed
21. .and ,B. Bird 15 to the Alameda total,
Croll and F. Stahl : being not out, -and A*.
S. Willis, H. '¦¦ Ward Sr., ' J. Brown', and
W. J; Bichter not going to the bat. •
CBICKBTERS PLAY !
'. ' s A DBAIWIT CONTEST
Pacifies' Compile Total That the Ala
• nxedas Are Unable to Beat '.
• : Within Time Liinif. {. ' '
: T The second match' of the season be
tween the Alameda and Pacific Cricket
ITAZLIAN SOCIETIES
.HOLD AUtTUAL PICNIC
Anniversary of Coucessloii of Italian !
¦ Constitution Is Celebrated at
Shell Mound-Park.; - >. ,
Eight local Italian societies, their f am-^
Hies and friends, celebrated the ' festival
of the "Statuo" In commemoration of the
fifty-third anniversary of the Concession
of the Italian constitution, at Shell Mound
Park. yesterday. "The affair was given
under the auspices of the Garibaldi Guard
Mutual Aid Society. More than 3000 guests
were present and the day was olealaatlv
spent in sports and dancW"' v caaailuy
The members of the guard and the so
ciety of . veterans, attired ingress urfi
forms, met at Garibaldi HaH In the morn-*
fngr and escorted the members of the vis
iting to the ferry depot s£vl
eral, bands and singing ,• societies wp«»
present at the park and furi shed entlr
tainment for the gueste. . G. Calegaris de
llvered an oration | pertinent . to tie " Inni
committees in charge of ihe celc
bratlon • were a3 follows : - - . , ceic-
Gate-P. Pitto, S.Cereghino A. Corh««- •»
a i ClgalUPi -: F -;. Anflb!l0 '
to^P^r^^e^S 1^^-^-
Garbarino, L. Perata. G. Ertola. L jEIZ' A-
N. Stagnaro, G. L."vale n tlTD*" E \ : L^^? e>
slno. G. Iaccheri/ . ' ,^; 1 *; L a«omar
- Guard— A. Delucchl. L. . Rossi a Rm ~~t ' t
Flgone. G. B. Ostlno; L. Cereghlno E^ fit. ¥
Emil Kehrleln to L. Nathan, undivided 1-13
of lot on E Una of Dupont street &7:S S 'of
Pine. 3< 40:10, E 22, N 10 inches E 38 N 40
W 60;: ?10. ' • . . . •:
• Estate of Bernard E. Tlttel, or I B. -Ernest
Tittel (by Joseph C. .Tittel, executor) to Eu
gene A. Brldgford. lot on S line of Bush street
40 W of Mary Lane. "W-20 by S 137:6; $15,100.
-Eugene -A. Brldgford - to-Neva B. Butler,
undivided one-half of same; $1000. - v
Estate of Louis or Louis P. Rosenberg (by
Bertha Rosenberg, executrix) -to George Avan
cino, lot on V/ line of Powell street. 70 V .
of Green. N 20 by W,77:6: $2250. ' . .
- Chrlstoph "and Metta llack« to O- D. Bald
win, lot on i NE corner of Eddy and Larkln"
streets, N 87:6 by E 137:6; $^,000.
• Builders' Contracts. :
Matthew J. and Thomas P. Kusslck (owners)
with John : J. • O'Brien (contractor), architect
Thomas J., IWelcli — All work for a three-story
and basement frame building (three flats) on
•N line of Folsom street. 102 W of Tenth N
100 by E 28*, M. B. 7: $5S0O. V" ,.
Mrs. TV.- -3. ¦ Byrne (owner) with • Hush
C Hare (contractor), . architects - Salfleld &
Kohlberg— All work for. a two-story- and base
ment frame- building on.W line of ¦ Webster
street, 81:6 S of Pacific avenue, S 46-2%: bv w
110: $4150. • ¦ * - y
Mrs. Bridget Fltzpatrlck • (owner) -with K C
Gardner and P. • Rogalle (contractors) archi
tect M. J. Welfh_AU work except paln«ng. '
plumbing, gas fitting and sewerage for alter
ations and additions to a three-story I ramo
building on S line of Greenwich -street lfin-ff
W of Mason. W 23 by 8 60; $940 .".>,#
• Mrsr Myra A." Greenwood (owner> ; with,-ick#'3 ¦
helmer Bros. • (contractors), architects!^ ReS ¦
Bros.— Plumbing and gas fitting ¦ for "A* threif
stonr ¦ and basement frame building oa S IlnS
of Mission street running througli«4o "tlnna •
3 T7 t "*l9 n 87 ShaW mXlt *- m »? SecSa U f^f s ,^oS n | ?
- Bridget" Cooper (own'erKwitW^ic'&nn (cVj- '
tractor), architect — ¦ — ¦•i---AH > wnrV- tn*' -Y^V '
ations and addltion^tb- i twSrtow frW
building to be madeHntp'^tmW-.^rv «5
basement .building <three-rfat^n >?w Tin- "1
Bryant street, 173 SW ot^rt^W M b" NW
F. Whittler to Llewellyn and Isabell E.
Da vies, lot on N line of Union street 199 41
B of Franklin. E 25.017 by N 143 67- $2000
Brightie B. Low (wife of Josiah O.) to "W.
£" =" V S lUUer ' lot on S lin0 ot Pacific street.
27:6 E of Lasruna, E 60. S 122, W 60, N 117.
quitclaim deed; $500. :,"•¦"'
Charles B. Coons to Sarah C. Coons lot on
I b^S 0 '^; 8^ 193:9 W '° J Web ' 3ter ' W
Estate of • Emll D. Rosenbanm (fcy Sarah
Rosenbaum and J. B. Lankershim, executors)
to A.-J. Rich, undivided 1-18. of lot on SB cor
?£ r 4 Of . P i?- rce and Yalle J° streets,. E 350 by S
137 : 6 ; $12 i o. ¦ • ' ' .
-Estate of Samuel LewU- (by Solomon Lewte
surviving administrator) to L. R» ! SulzberRer'
lot on X line of Sacramento street. 87:6 E of
Walnut, E 25 by N 102:8U: I1S50.
•Ely I. and Helen 'J. Hutchinson to Jeremiah
and Mary Crowley, lot on N line of Thirteenth
William B. and Ella E. Dowllng" to Frede
rick E. D. Belhner, lot on S line of .Eight
eenth street, 160 E of Sanchez, E"25 by S 114:
tiooo. .-•- • . •. ¦ .. *
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
First race— Futurity . course ; , three-year-olds
¦and upward; selling. -.,- . ¦'.'-. • 5
2470 Lindo .......'....110 /.^ .* Marineusa .....103
2422 Edith O.. ...101 2532 El Kara.... 108
2536 Bagdad ........115 2536»Hnary ..........115
2500 Bonltary .......101 J 253<rTlnkle Tinkle..l01
2422 Abba-L..'...... .101 2519 Spindle ......'.; 103
2539 Carlonian 108 ; 1912 Pidalia ....... .113
' Second race— Seven furlongs;, four-year-olds
and .upward; selling. . •. ¦ . ..- '•"-••*' .
2514 Formatus "...... 107 2535 Klckumbob . .'. . 107
2383 Grand Sachem. 109 . 2521 Prejudice HI
2527 Alas :....105 (2536)Firsf Shot...... 107
1172 Odd Eyes 109 2532 Mike Rice.. ....Ill
Third race — Five, and* a half furlonss; two-*
year-olds; selling. :•'- i, •-.-"- .'' .
2520 Irma A....... ...107 (2528) Vasallo^ ........ 107
2468 Torso Maid.:... 107 2531 Quadra .........107
2508 Huachuca ..."..110 2534 Halnault .......107
Fourth race-^-Futurlty course; three-year-olds
and up ward; 'selling. ¦ . -
(1922)Thracia ........106 2500 Matilda O...... 106
2500 Aphrodls .......106 2423 Frank Woods.. 115
-.2536 Gold Finder:... 115. ....El Rey. :...1O3
2500 Count Hubert. .108 2541 Canejo 113
2435 Triple Cross 106 (2509) Katie "Wolcott..ll3
2524 Follow Me. .....108 1698 Bob Palmer.... 108
Fifth race— Six furlongs; mares; three-year
olds and upward: selling. , . , .':..-".
,'¦ 2527 DolHe We»thoffll4 2516 Foul Play 117
2527 Clarando ".. ..114 2530 Galena 112
2522 Mocorlto .......124 2'537 Lucera ..;;... ...100
2532 Homage -......"T.105 ..-" • . ; . ..-•-.
Sixth race-^-One mile and "a. sixteenth; four
year-olds and upward; selling 1 . -. - : *;• i:
2532 Rio Chi co«'..... 107 2525 Sunello .",.. "..".. .107
2502 .The Buffoon... ;107 2524 Cromwell:. .'..... 110
2514 Rainier ..'......107 2529 Burdock .-*. 107
(2524) Pat Morrisaey .107 2528 Sylvan ' Lass: . . .105
2525 Lost Girl....... 105 2529 Tom Cal vert.... 107
Probable Winners.
First race— BlKarn, Bagdad, JCarlonlan.
Second race— Prejudice, First Shot, : Formatus.
i Third race— Vasallo, Irma A. ¦ Huachuca. • [¦, ,
Fourth race— Frank -Woods, ThracIa, r Aphro
dis." ¦•: ..; -¦¦¦:¦; :•: ¦/¦¦:¦¦ -'.¦ ¦ *' ' : ' ¦ ..'¦¦;, . .:—-,
¦ Fifth race— Foul Play, Homage, Mocorlto. .'¦
Sixth race— Cromwell, ' Lost ; Girl, - Pat • Mor
rissey. '. - ¦ .' • . ¦ ¦'.«¦ j- « v- . •¦' ..: :
Probable Winners.
OAKLAND RACES.
Entries for To -Day's Events and the
Last Friday night be visited the Ratto
residence and rented a room- While 'the
family was asleep Mehler, It Is clalme-i.
unlocked the folding doors which sep
arated his room from thej one adjoining..
He then entered'the room' and „ stole sev
eral costly Japanese swords, a suit of
clothes and some articles of Jewelry of lit
tle value. After wrapping the swords and
clothing in a sheet. Mehler ouietly left
the house with the booty under hia arm-
Early yesterday morning Mehler was
seen entering a house on Pacific street
and he was placed under arrest. After
being taken to. the patrol box the suspect
ed burglar broke away from the officer
and ran;down the street. Dinan followed
him, and taking out his -revolver threat
ened to shoot unless the fellow stopped.'
The threat only caused Mehler to increase
nis speed, and rather: than run the risk
or shooting: some Innocent person Dinan
put up his revolver and started after the
man. After a chase of three clocks he
finally .overtook him and quickly snapped
S he i -J2 andcuffs on his wrists. Mehler
fought to r escape, but was subdued and
taken to the City Prison; where his name
was registered on the detinue book. The
property • which_. he is -supposed to '. have
stolen, has not been recovered. ~
After an exciting chase of several
blocks Policeman Dinan early yesterday
morning arrested a man who Is supposed
to hfcve committed a burglary in the iesl
den'ce of J. Ratto on Stockton street near
Broadway. The prisoner gave his name
as Gustave Mehler and his occupation as
that of . a ship caulker." r'
G-us Mehler, Suspected
of Burglary, Landed •
in Prison.
CAUGHT AFTER
A LONG CHASE
Rifle, ten-shot scores, 200 yards—^A. ' H. Pape
38, 50, 69, 59; G. M. Barley 55, 71; Ed Hovey'
57, 84; CM. Dalss 57; Captain Fred Kuhnle
62, 68, 71 74; H. Hinkel 67. 84; George Man
nel 75: Alex Pape 87, 119; E. A. Allen 103, 147;
F. L. Pape 144, 167, 178; Dr. Twist 133, 135, 138;
F. Page 146; MrB. A. H. Pape 194. .
Rifle three ehots, 2C0 yards— Captain Fred
Kuhnle 12, 15, 20, 22." 23; G, Mannel 14, 15, 16;
C. M. Daiss 15, 18, 19,25, 25. :
Pistol, fifty yards, ten-shot scores — F. O.
Young 42. 63; Dr. J. F. Twist B5, 62, 63. 64, 78;
G. Mannel 68: Mrs. G. Mannel 76, 79, 88, 85.:
Revolver, fifty yards, ten-shot scores — F. O.
Young 38, 42, 45, 47, 50, 52, . 56. 67, 58; A. J.
Brannagan 40, 61, 52; P. A. Becker 49, 60, 70;
S. Carr 66. 79; Dr. W. F. Browning 106.' ' •
¦Rifle, 22-caliber. fifty yards— F. O. Young 25,
26: H. Stevens 30. 83. 36. 42; E. A. Allen 84.
39; C. Bachman 37, 38. 40. 42, "44; J. Heller 94,
94; A. Emich (30-30) 71. , . -.
Columbia Club Scores.
At Harbor View yesterday the Colum
bia Pistol and Rifle Club had a large at
tendance. A.H. Pape lead with the fine
rifle with the best ten-shot score, ' as
follows; 4,. 3, 4, 6, 4, 3, 1, 6, 2, 5-38 all his
shots being in the 6-inch ring. Captain
Fred- Kuhnle led in tire three-shot rifle
match with 3 5, 412. F. O. Young led
with revolver and pistol with A. . J.
Brannigan a good second with the revolv
er, both beating the pistol scores with
their revolvers.
Scores, off-hand on Columbia target: '
Opening Games in the San Francisco
Handball Tournament Arouse .
\ . Interest.
At Phil Ryan's handball ..court yester
day the amateurs held sway morning and \
afternoon in the opening event . of the j
handball tournament which will be some
days in the completion.
The main event was the mtich talked'
of game between J. C. Nealon and Al
Hampton. After a very hard struggle,
Hampton won by a score of fifty-one to
thirty-seven. Xealon refused the handi
cap which was offered- and played on
even terms. . . ¦
This game puts Nealon out of the
finals and places Hampton in a posi
tion to carry off the tropny of the class.
Below will be lound the results:
T. Finn and T. Ke'lleher. .....21 19 21.21,
J. Madden and P. Farrell ..17 21 13 20
J. Ryan and P. Quinlan ...21 21 21
E. White and T. Lavelle .16 12 18
C. Smith and P. Munz ....21 21-18 20-21
A. Tavares and C. Lakin 11 14 21 21-15
O. Barrett and M. O'Rourke 21 21 21
A. Gratius and T. ' Mamhamatt 12 20 ' 16
G. McDonald and M. McLeod...21 18 21 19 21
M. McNeil and P. McKinhon..l3 21 lo 21 17,
H. J. Rogers and W. Fisher. .21 .21 18 19 21
G. B. Hayward and W. H: Sie
berst ; 14 18 21 21 16
M. Levy and D. Connelly 21 21' 11 14 21
J. -Lawless and M. Basch 17 "13 21 21 19
J. Killion and Eugene White.... 21 19 21
M. M. Guthrie and I. J. Smith 17 21 15
First class: '
A. Hampton 51
J. C. Nealon 37
" Secpnd class was won by T." Serres by de
fault on account of non-appearance of M\ Mc-
Clure. .
Third class was won by "W. . H. Sleberst by
default on account of non-appearance of D. •
McCarthy.
The tournament will continue on Wednesday
evening at 7:30 o'clock. -The games will be:
J. White vs. R. ' Linehan. R. Hausman vs. T.
Leach, M.. M. Guthrie vs. G. B. Hayward.
AL HAMPTON- BEATS
JOT NEAXON HANDILY
Ability medal, 25 targets— Scores: Iverson
22, Lewis 19; Sylvester 17, Burnell 20, Deben
ham 21, Pisani 19, Francis 10, Fisher 19, Wal
pert 21, Iversonwon the medal with a score of 22.
. Medal shoot, 25 birds— Scores: Fisher 17.
Walpert 21. Gordon 13, Javette 18. F. Feudner
21, M. J. Iverson 24, H. Hpyt 16, Mlchelssen 20.
Pisani 21, Debenham 22,- Herrinff 17. Iverson
won first medal with a score of 24. Fisher and
Herring tied for second medal with a score of
17. In the shoot-oft* with '¦ 10 targets to a man
Fisher won out with 9 targets to his credit,
while Herring- secured but 5.
Barker .../.... ............* 1 1 2 1 2 0 w
Halght .....'. ....2 2112 2 2 l-r-8
Simpson ......;... ...:..... 2 2 1 0 2 • 1 1— «
Williamson : ....-I 10 1.12 2 2—7
Shields ..........1 112 1111—8
' Fourth pool, 8 birds. Scores: ¦
Walsh .....2 111112 1—8
Feudner ....: 3 1112 11 1-8
Halght ..................2 11 1 1 2 1 M
Williamson ...............10 2 2 2 2 2 2—7
Simpson :...\... 2 121222 1—8
Barker 0 111112 1—7
Roos :... .........0 2 2 • 1 1 • •— 5
Fifth pool shoot, 8 birds. ' Scores:
O. Feudner *....:..... 1 2 11112 1—8
Walsh ...;...-.....: * 110 2 0 1 0—4
Williamson ..............2 111112 2—8
Simpson :..:. l'O withdrawn
Halght :'...:.. .1*2 1112 12-8
Rpos •' 2 0 2 1 • 2 2 2-6
•Bird : dead out" of: boundsJ •"
¦ Union Gun Club's monthly bluerock shoot, 23
targets — Scores:. Shields 16, "Thomas 15/ Deben
ham 21. Iverson 23, Mitchell 19, Knick 21. R.
Herrini Jr. -14, - Burnell 19. Hoyt 19. F. Feud
ner 24, Waloert 19, R. Cooper 19, Francis 9.
F. Herring: 19, Lewis 16. Flickinger 23, Gordon
J.8. ' G. Thomas" 18, F. Knick 17. O. Fisher 17,
Hess IS; Javette Jr. 16, Schnlffer 16, Drlesch
man 20. Bonner 16, Nollam 16, Michelssen 16,
Sylvester 22. " '. . . . •
F. • Feudner, with a score of 24, waa awar Jed
first money. Mitchell, Burnell. Hoyt, Walpert.
Cooper and Herring divided second money-
Thomas, with a score of 15, took third money
and Francis, with 9 broken birds to his credit,
took fourth money. . ¦
.TACOMA. Wash., June 2.'— Reports re
ceived to-d.ay from Wilkeson throw fur
ther light on the probable motive for the
poisoning of Vincent Burgis, or Hen
dricks» last week by his young bride. It
Is claimed at Wilkeson that Stella Worc
zek, the girl, waa sold by her father, who
was paid $300 by Burgis. The girl was in
love with another Hungarian named Joe
Rye, and objected to being delivered to
Burgis. Her father is said to have, com
pelled her to accede to h-is wishes and In
spite of her reluctance she wedded Bur
gis last Sunday night.
It was noticed that the girl took little
part in the wedding festivities. Indicating
that she was brooding over her sorrow at
being compelled to marry a man she did
not love. The Idea of using poison is
eaid to have been suggested to her by an
other Hungarian woman, who once tried
to poison herself in consequence of do
mestic trouble. - • • .
• The "Wllkeson people who give this ver
sion claim that Burgis demanded the re
turn of his $300 by the girl's- father, but
the latter had rpent the money.
Wilkeson Residents As
sign Reason for a
? Poisoning.
SAY THE BRIDE
WAS PURCHASED
ALTHOUGH but three organiza
tions had official shooting con
tests at the Shell Mound ranges
yesterday,. candidates for honors
in the international shooting fes
tival were present in hundreds from early
morning until the sun set behind the hills
of San Francisco. The time set for the
bund shoot is but "six weeks distant and
all of the large clubs have some of their
crack shots practicing every day.
All of the old-time marksmen who have
won honors in other international con
tests are in the best of trim and promise
to eclipse all previous performances. Dark
horses are appearing daily among the
younger shots and some of them are said
by the local bund officials to be in line for
some of the best prizes. The local lovers
of the sport are consequently expecting
that many marksmen from San Francisco
will stand pre-eminent among the crack
shots of the world after the festival.
New and valuable prizes are being re
ceived from time to time, but still there
are many lacking from the desired num
ber. It Is expected however, that this'
difficulty will be overcome within the next
month at most. The ranges have been
put in the best of condition and several
new buildings have been erected in antici
pation of the event.
'The organizations which shot yesterday
were Companies D and L, First Infantry,
National Guard of California, and the
Deutscher Krieger Verein. The scores
•were as follows.:
• Company L, First Infantry, National Guard
of California, held both its May and June
monthly medal shoots yesterday. May— Corporal
V. R. Branch 37. Elmo Fenton 37, W. R. Davis
14, Captain J. F- Egbert 40. Sergeant L. M.
Rey 23. Sergeant H. G. Stindt 41, H. Dougherty
14 C. Chester 34. Sergeant A. E. Brown 39,
J." Li. Popper 9. M. Gans 27. M. Waldstein 26,
Corporal Senstack 34, W. G. Johnston 39, C.
Chereghino 22.
The only yacht club having a. scheduled
event for Saturday and yesterday waa the
San Francisco, which had., on its pro
gramme a four days' cruise to Napa City
and >" return. On "Wednesday night Vice
Commodore R. S. i Bridgeman's • sloop
Thetis and Dr. T. L. Hill's sloop Cvgnus
left Sausalito, reaching Vallejo at 1
o'clock on Thursday morning, and Napa
City at 1 in the afternoon. At Napa the
Cygrnus and Thetis. were Joined bv A. C.
Lee's > Surprise and Port Captain James
Kitterman's launch America, which
towed the yachts out of the creek on Fri
day, Petaluma drawbridge being reached
about 8:30 p. m. on the-flood tide, and with
a light breeze. Leaving tne^drawbrlOse
at 3 o'clock on Saturday afternoon Mc-
Nears landing was made two hours later.
Here they were joined by the sloops Sur
prise . and Amlgo, and on Sunday by the
sloops Clara,- Queen, Truant, Harpoon and
other . Corinthian craft. J. R. Saony'a
sloop Juanlta, the yawl ; Phyllis and sev
eral other yachts cruised to Paradise
Cove yesterday; On board the sloop Cyg
nus were Dr. and Mrs. T. L. Hill. Mrs.
C. B. H111..H. G. Toll. G.B. Sleeper and
Arthur Inkersley; while oij. the siocp
Thetis . were Vice Commodore R. Sv
Bridgeman, Mrs. Bridgeman and J. S.
Cockerlll. The California yacht Paclolus
returned yesterday from a week's cruiae
up the Sacramento River. .
Yachtsmen * Reach j Their Moorings
After Long Sails Up Sacramento
River and the Creeks.'
At the conclusion of the regular club
shoot and pool contests M. O. Feudner.
and several others indulged in a little
•practice at the bluerocks, during which,
out of 125, Feudner lost only five targets.
California- Wing Shooting" Club's "regular,
monthly shoot, 30-yard rise. Scores:
"Slade" ....:.. 20222121022211^-13
P. J. "Walsh ail21111»imi— 13
W. H. Williamson .221212221112»22— 14
M. O. Feudner..'..; ¦.,122112122222212—15
Shields ; :..21112111221012i-r-14
Slms.on .....".... . .102111211111121— 14
Donohoe : .;... 11112101*122201— 1Z
Halght 122122222011122—14
Barker ................022112211221101—13
Roos 22»22122221*2*»— 11
First pool shoot, '8 birds. Scores:- '..' •
Walsh ....; l l • 12 2 11—7
Feudner 2 2 2 12 2 2 2 — S
Donohoe "........ .....2 11110-1 2—7
Barker 1 112 12 0 1—7
Haight • .'.... ..1 2 0 2 11 2 2—7
Williamson 1 2 2 2 112 2—8
Shields 1 0 112 2 2 1—7
Simpson -. 1-2 0 12 0 1 1—6
"Slade". iT.V.» 2 • 1 1 1 0 1 1—6
Second pool, 8 birds. Scores:
Walsh 1 111112 0—7
O. Feudner 2 1 1 2 2 1 2 •— 7
Donohoe :.„ .2 111111 0—7
Halght rr..... ...2 2 • 2 2 2 1 2—7
Barker .....i ......2 12*111 1—7
Shields ...........1 12 2 12 12—8
Williamson 1 11112 2 2—8
Simpson .-..:..:..l 0 2 2 2 12 1—7
Third pool of 8 birds. Scores : .-
Donohoe .1 2 1112 1 1—8
O. Feudner ...»..; 0 12 12 111—7
Roos 2 2*2212 2—7
Walsh 0 withdrawn
SLOOPS RETURN' PROM % .,..- {
NAPA. CITY CRTJTSE
At the Union Gun CLub^ shoot Fred
Feudner, with a score of 24, was award
ed first money. Iverson' won the ability
medal with a score of 22, and the first
medal in the regular medal shoot- with
a score of 24. . •
of pools were subscribed and contested
for. • . ¦ •...';
Some years ago Lee, who claims to be
a regularly licensed doctor, was arrested
while trying to dispose of twenty thou
sand dollars' worth of bonds which had
been stolen'in Kansas City. He claimed
that they were given to him by a friend
to seH*and as the police were unable 'to
show/that he knew the bonds had been
sto.len, he was given his freedom.
¦ When Captain Seymour learned that
Lee had got away he ordered his men. to
continue the search and spare no effort
to land him. Lee, learning that the de
tectives were after him, telephoned to
Captain Seymour last evening and in
quired if he was wanted. Seymour told
him he was anxious to see him, and in
vited him to pay him a visit.
Lee visited the Hall of Justice and- was
promptly placed under, arrest and locked
up. To-day the three men. will be shown
to the different watches and special in
structions given to every policeman in the
city to arrest them whenever they dis
cover them in a crowd. ¦ -' «
Lee managed to escape at the time, but
Sullivan 1 was caught after,- a chase of sev
eral blocks, together with another pick
pocket who is known as "Slfppery" Har
ris. .- ¦ . - ¦ • " .
"Doc" Lee, who gained considerable no
toriety several years ago through" his
connection with the alleged scheme i by,
which Bob Fitsimmons was bunkoed out
of a decision in his fight with Tom Shar
in this city, is in the City Prison accused
of being a confederate of Joe, alias "Kid"
Sullivan, a noted pickpocket. \
Several nights ago word reached Cap
tain of Detectives Seymour that Sullivan,
and. Lee were hanging about the Chutes
and he sent three of his men to arrest
them. ' . ¦
Accused of Being a Con
federate of Two Pick
pockets. •
"DOC" LEE TAKEN
INTO CUSTODY
Flying Target Pulverizers Rest After
¦¦ the. Tournament. . .
Moh of the trapshooters • who distin
guished themselves during the Inanimate
Target tournament remained away from
the trap's yesterday, and in consequence
the ¦ shooting- was not 1 up to its usual
high standard. At ' the • bluerock bulk
heads,-which were utilized by the Union
Gun Club, not a single clean score was
accomplished, while at the live-bird
traps, where the California Wing Shoot-
Ing Club held Its regular "monthly shoot,
M. O.' Feudner was the only one to make
a straight score. Following the club
shoot at the live-bird traps, a number
AT THE TRAPS.
First champion class— F. E. Mason 221, 212 ; F.
P. Schuster 216.- 208; D. B. Faktor 219, 212; A.
Strecker 215. Second champion class— F. 'A.
Kuhls 215, 207; C. Meyer 206, 199; E. Ladd 193,
174; O. Burmelster 188, 1S5; (V Bremer 208, 204;
F. J. Carroll 213, 199; W. Ehrenpfort 184, 153;
A. Rahwyler 192. 191. First class— A. Gehret
212, A.. Utschig 188, 180. Second class— R. Stet
tin 202. 189; F. A Schumpf 191, 156; L. C.
Babin 169, 141; A. von Royl 150 163: Captain
Attlnger 198, 192; A. Jungblut 191; M. Blasse
185, 180; W. F. Blasse 177, 153. Third class—
C. Sagehorn 2C6, 186; J. C. Waller 168, 182; M.
Reubold 171. 121; F. C. Hagerup 131. 138; F.
Reide 146, 153;. W. Relchmuller 193. 183; H.
Kuhls 153, 154; W. Dahlbender 179, 154. Fourth
class— O. Orthland 177, . 139; C. Gut 141, 139; F.
Acker" 164, 139. Cadets— H: Becker 171. 119; R.
Meyerhofer 120. 134; F. Carroll 146, 136. ' • "
The California Schuetzen Club held a
medal shoot. The scores were as follows:
. . Champion - class— J. Zahn 407, R. Stettin 403,
Captain F. A. Kuhls 404, C. Muller 355, E.
Reimenschneider 352; first class. A. G. Stroh
352; second class. C. Auer 331; third .class, L.
Scheib 282; best first shot. Captain F. A. Kuhls
25; best last shot, John Zahn 24.
German-American Societies at Rifle
Ranges Across the Bay.
SAN RAFAEL, June 2.— There was a
large attendance . .of " marksmen at the
Schuetzen Park ranges to-day. Some
good shooting was, done by the members
of the different clubs. In "* the Grutli
shooting section the winners in each
class In the medal shoot were. as follows:
Champion class, A. Gehret ,«2S; first class,
A. Hinterman 3S0; second class,. Theo Lim
men 364; third class, O. Imdorf 285; best last
shot. F. Baumgarten 24. Glinderman medal,
O. Imdorf; Adam -Brehm medal, Charles Gut.
The Vereln Elntracht Club held .a medal
shoot and King 'shoot. Captain F. A.
Kuhls won the latter. Scores made in the
medal shoot were as follows:- ¦*¦ •¦ > ¦
Monthly medal shoot — First ¦ champion class,
C. Weggenmann 403; second champion class,
O. Dammer 365; first class, -J. Bender 345; sec
ond class. X Sllberzahn 331; third class, C.
Meyer 293; fourth 'class. J. Koeberle-260; first
best shot, J. Lankers 24; last best shot. X.
Silberzahn 20; most centers, Captain Franke.
SCHUETZEN PARK SCORES.
Company D, ¦ First Infantry, National Guard
of California, monthly, medal shoot— W. Boyle
12, F. Bottke 27, E; M. Isaacs 15, H. H. Varney
37, F. Huebner 16, M. Getto 4, S. O. Fales 40,
W. McKeough 37. J. Nelson 8, J. Staples 36,
E. Wright 24. W. Spillman 16, W. Noder 24,
J. F. Dever 12, G. H. Anther 19, A. Block 18. !
Deutscher Krieger Vereln,. monthly bullseye
Deutscher Krieger Vereln, monthly .bullseye
shoot— The prizes *were won in the • following
order: O. Dammer, G. Hetzel, J: Lankers, H.
Mohr, J. Laubsker, X'. Silberrahn,. C. Meyer.
June— Captain J. E. Eggert 43, Corporal V.
R. Branch 35, Sergeant A. E. Brown 41, Ser
geant H. G. Stindt 38, L. M. Rey 38, Elmo Fen
ton 35; W. R. Davis 10, C. H. Chester 40. J. L.
Popper 9. ¦ M. Gans 37. M. Waldsteln 24, Cor
poral Sengstack 36, W. G. Johnston 35, C.
Chereghind 25.
•Sapling stake, third round— G. Graham's
Lady Newark beat F. A. McComb's Fiery
Friend. 6-3: J." Kerrigan's Prometheus beat C.
Graham's Emln Bey, 8-2.
Deciding course — Prometheus beat Lady
Newark, 7-0. ' •
Fifth round— Wedgewood beat Narcissus 3-0-
Little Sister beat War Eagle, 4-0; Santonin beat
Rector. .9-7; Spiteful, a bye. ¦
Sixth round— Wedgewood beat - Uttle Slater
2-0; Spiteful beat Santonin, 5-0.
a Deciding course— Wedgewood - beat Spiteful
8-0. -"¦¦••¦ . .
Open stake, second round — Pasha Kennel^
Real Article beat Gold Dust Kennels' Brutus.
7-4; F. Jones' Wedyewood beat F. A. McComb's
Bona Fide. 3-0; P. J. Reilly'a The Grafter beat
P. M» Curtis' Anchor, 10-6; Pasha Kennels'
Random Aim beat Russell & Allen' a Scotland
-Yet. 4-2; L, F. Bartels' Best Bargain beat P.
M. Curtis" Echo. 6-3; P. M. Curtis' Narcissus
beat Pasha Kennels' Round About, 8-2; A. R.
Curtis* King Cotton beat P. Jackson's Honor
Bright, 12-2; F. A. McComb'a Hot Haste beat
A. R. • Harrison's Briar Root. IS: Yosemtta
Kennels' Mose beat Russell & Allen' 3 . First
Foot, 8-2; A, R. Curtis' Vulcan beat Russell
& Allen's Daisy Clalr. 2-0; P. M. Curtis' War
Eagle beat E. Geary's America, 12-2; Georga
Sharman's Black Flush beat P. M. - Curtis'
Warpath. 18-14; F. A. McComb's Little Sister
beat Georgre Sharman's Chicago Boy, 8-1; A. R.
Curtis' Luxor beat P. J. Reilly's Warship. 7-0;
Pasha Kenels' Rocker beat B. M^KeUogg'fi
Buck, 6-2;- J,. P. Thrift's Tyrone Prince beat
Pasha Kennels' Fiery Face. 5-0: E. N. White
side's Gold " Bug beat " Pasha Kennels' Snap
shot. 15-10; J. Cane's Greenhall beat ¦ Pasha
Kennels' Lawrence. 7-2; A. R. Curtis' Rector
beat F. A, McComb's Sir Pasha. 3-2; Star Ken
nels' Mayflower beat Pasha Kennels' Roman
Athlete. 3-1; George Sharman's Bowery Boy
beat Sterl • & - Knowles' Sleety Mist, 5-1* Rus
sell & Allen's Rosle Clalr beat E. M. .Kellogg' •
Iowa Lad. 16-0; Chlarlni Bros.' Santonin beat
P. Jackson's Golden Russet, 7-1: Ei N. White
side's Greenback beat P. J. Reilly's Ploughboy. „
2-1; Pasha Kennels' Rural Artist beat L. M.
Connell'a St. Helen. 7-4; Russell & Allen' a
Castaway beat A. R. Curtis' Candelaria, 4-0;"
Russell & Allen's Spiteful beat Sterl &
Knowles' Olita, 4-0; T. J. Cronin's Vandal beat
A. R. Curtis' Loyal Lad, 4-0. j
Third round— Wedgewood beat Real Article. I
5-0; The Grafter beat Random Aim. 4-0; N'ar-i
clssus beat Best Bargain, 10-5; King Cotton
beat Hot Hfeste,. 8-5; Vulcan beat Mose 4-3- >
Black Flush. beat War Eagle, 6-0;-Little-Sis
ter beat Luxor, 5-0: Rocker beat Tyrone Prince
4-0; Greenhall, a bye: Rector beat Mayflower"
4-3; Rosle Clalr beat Bowery Boy. 8-2- Santonin
beat Greenback. 4-0; Rural Artist beat -Cast
away, 3-0; Spiteful beat Vandal. 4-0.
Fourth round— Wedgewood beat The Grafter
3-0: Narcissus beat King Cotton. 4-0: War
Eagle beat Vulcan, 5-3: Little Slater beat
Rocker. 6-2: Rector beat Greenhall. 5-1; San
tonin beat Rosie Clalr, 4-0; Spiteful beat Rural
Artist. 9-4. • . •
Little Sister, the stake favorite, reach
ed the semi-final where", she sold a slight
choice over the final flag raiser. The
course was one that commanded the at
tention of the entire crowd, and was well
played. From the slips a blanket could
have covered both dogs, but on neafing
the hare Wedgewood dashed In suddenly
and killed.
Spiteful, the runner up, showed that he
Is a hound that can go a bit. Twice he
helped the pikers, beating Vandal point
less at 5 to 3. and First Foot In a bye at
the same price. Rector displayed speed
enough to get quite a few to back him
for the stake, tut Santonin put him out
In the fifth and added to the list of short
ends. " .
In the sapling stake "Coachdog" Prom
etheus took first honors, making a double
victory for the St. Lawrence stock. Best
Bargain beat Echo at 5 to 1; "Vulcan beat
Mose at 3 to 1; Rural Artist beat Casta
way at 2 to 1; The Grafter beat Anchor,
Random Aim. beat Scotland 4 to l;Tyrone
Prince beat Fiery Face; Mayflower beat
Roman Athlete; Bowery Boy beat
Sleety Mist; Greenhajl beat Golden Rus
set in a bye at 5 to 3.
The day's results • follow, with Judge
John Grace's official scores: /
¦Wedgewood was In trim and it is doubt
ful If the proverbial scared deer could
have set a pace too warm for the courser
Bona Fide, Real Article, The Grafter*
•Narcissus, Little Sister and Spiteful
greyhounds well up in the game and with
hard earned reputations to sustain, took
to the slips with Wedgewood in the order
named. To them all the fast ones had
but one story to tell and he repeated It
without change. One after the other of
the clever lot had to succumb to the pace
of the brilliant performer and when, in
the deciding course, the final flag was
raised, the result showed that the stake
winner's day's record was a clean on©
and that In his six trials he had beaten
his opponents without a single point be
ing scored against him.
•The one ¦ noticeable feature of the win
ning hound's work was his strong driving
disposition, and the fact that his courses
were of ¦ short duration- was because of
his successful dash in reaching the
game. Wedgewood certainly showed him
self a great killer. *
If F. Jones' Wedgewood, an able repre
sentative of. the St. Lawrence- Moonlight
stake- winning iitter, did not make a rec
ord in the open stake at Union Park yes
terday, his work will at least make those
who doubt the 'claim look a long way
back to find a showing to equal It.
Goes Through the Stake and
. Keeps His Opponents
. From Scoring.
Makes a Great Record in
< the Open Event at .
Union Park.
WEDGEWOOD HAS
SPEED GALORE
PRACTICING FOR THE BUND SHOOTINGS-LOCAL BASEBALL TEAM SCORES TWO VICTORIES
CRACK LOCAL SHOTS CROWD THE RANGES AT SHELL MOUND
IN PREPARATION FOR INTERNATIONAL SHOOTING: FESTIVAL
THE : S AJs- x niy'js CISCO CALL, MONDAY; JUNE 3V 19Oli
6WELL-KNOWN YOUNG LADY AND
PROMINENT PHYSICIAN. WHO
WERE MARRIED YESTERDAY.
"What is your favorite salutation?" she
asked the dilatory youth.- ;
-, "Eh! Why, I don't. know. What's
yours?" .
The fair girl yawned wearily.
"It- would have been good-night," she
•said. "But : In about two minutes It will
be good-morning." 1 * ...
• "Good-by." said , the dilatory youth.—
Plain Dealer. ¦ > ¦¦ ¦.¦ ; .
Farce for "an "Open Might! "
' ALAMEDA.; ' June -2. '— ."Second Floor
Spoopendyke,". fa twofaCt farce; .will be
produced to-morrow,night in'' Armory: Hall •
at an ; Vbpen •: night'Mo" be held bythe'En
cinaT,Literary. Society. .""Those: who .will
appear in the 'cast are Miss Grace Lang
ley,} Miss' 'Alice ; Entzman, Miss ¦' -Helene
Entzmanr-W. W." Bradford, ,C. Bradford
H: Ellis,' F. Griffiths and C. Rogers. -J -
MEMORIAL SERVICES
FOR HEROIC WOMEN
The Bev..B. F. Sargent Awards Them
Greatest Honor for Patriotic -
'. Sacrifices. ' > :
BERKELEY. .'June * 2.— A aervtce
especially . designed to commemorate the
heroism of the women in the civil war
was held io-night in the North .Berkeley
Congregational '.¦ Church.V The \ Rev. Ben
jamin F. Sargent preached the." memorial
sermon and patriotic music was rendered.
The. clergyman said:..; ';
A half 'million boys in blue, the bravest and
strongest of our land, did "¦ of ¦ their abundance
and strength- cast much Into -the treasury of
their country. ' But - in , that procession, so viv
idly brought -before . us on Memorial day, n I
behold certain , women— 30,000 of them on the
field and in M hospital service— by t many mil
lions at home. ' who quietly and humbly, made
their . offering I to their I country's I need. ¦ And' I
rise to-night to give the verdict that woman' ¦
part -In ; the conflict was. this: .She ;cast in
more than .they all into- the treasury.. 'The
gift was greater 'in proportion, in the- cost* of
the self-sacrlflce, in, the motives which in
spired it and in the resutts. . :For It Is not too
much I to eay that without woman's ¦ aid, her
labors, , her service, • her faith, her prayers, we
should . never • have achieved the , victory i n
which we rejoice to-day.
SABBATH SERVICES IN
' CTCtTItCHES OF OAKLAND
Pastors Discourse on Themes . Calcu-
V** lated to Interest Christian
Worshipers.
OAKLAND, June 2.— A* series of gos
pel meetings was commenced this even
ing at the Golden Gate Methodist Church
by the Rev. J. B. Orr. The meetings
will continue for. two weeks.- .
". Professor - S. B. Randall of California
College occupied the pulpit this even
ing at the First Baptist Church. • E. R.
Bennett conducted the morning' services.
Children's day exercises, led . by Su
perintendent J. H. W. Riley. .were held
to-day at the Fruitvale Congregational
ChapeL - t
The Rev. Alfred Bayley. pastor of the
Fourth Congregational Church, preached
to-day at tie First Congregational
Church.
The tenth anniversary of the founding
of Trinity Episcopal Church parish was
observed at the special services this
morning. The Rev. John Bakewell, the
rector, gave a general revjew of the
work and of the prospects for the fu
ture, with an address to the communi
cants at the church. •* .......
rf^jrr ISS MAYBELLE GETZ, only
l^\\ daughter, of Mr. and Mrs. Sol
I \| Getz, was married last evening
Jy ]\ . at- the. residence of her parents,
507 Devlsadero street, •• to Dr.
Aftred J. Zobel, in the presence of many
relatives and friends of the contracting
parties. . •
-The bride wore a handsome gown of
ivory white satin- .The long , train was
trimmed with chiffon plaitings and.ruch-
Ings, over which was placed a. flounce of
real rose point lace, the gift of Mrs. Getz
to the bride. The waist was cut high and
trimmed with, chiffon . plaitings, . over
which was draped a point lace fichu and
orange blossoms. ' The yoke and sleeves
were fashioned of tucked bands of satin.
NOVEL FEATURES
FOR THE FOURTH
Oakland's Celebration
• Will Be of Large
Proportions.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1113 Broadway, Jupe' 2.
The plans of the committee of arrange
ments for the Fourth of July celebration'
embrace attractions' for morning, after- .
noon and . evening, each excelling any
thing of its kind before attempted here.
The committee is now; working out ..the
details of an " electrical • display which,
while only one feature of the night"dis
play, will bea notable eight. y Buildings
In the central part of the city' will be se
lected for decoration with thousands of
lights outlining every feature of .the struc
tures. Electrical fountains and cataracts
will add to the brilliancy of the scene. .
At Lake Merrltt a night scene of',fairy
like beauty is planned. A water carnival
will bring out scorfcs of gayly lighted
pleasure craft on the water, while the
shore of the lake will blaze with the main
pyrotechnic display of the evening. There
will also be firework*. up town. ¦, . ¦
In the forenoon there will be a' military
and . civic parade, with plenty of • music
and* cannonading. The; business- houses
along the line of march will generally dec
orate Inhonor of Independence day." After"
the , parade there -will be an oration by
'some well-known speaker.. : '. , '
A new feature , of the. afternoon pro
gramme will be the rowing regatta on
Lake Merrltt. A full card of races by the
fastest crews of the bay region. is ' ar
ranged for. •¦-:•.' ,.• ¦¦"'¦' ¦ '." '. V ¦'"' -I' ''"'
¦ To-day the committee on finance made .
its first effort to secure pledges toward
the fund for the celebration. * A few
hours' work resulted in •subscriptions
amounting to $1250. . .The committee re
ports much enthusiasm toward the project
among the merchants. ,. u .
4 The electrical dlspiay.on the evening of
the Fourth will probably be furnished by
John A.-Britton for the Oakland Gas.
Light and" Heat Company, co-operating
with the Bay Counties Power. Company.
Mr. ' Brltton Is *- confident' that a display
can' be , presented surpassing any • hereto^,
fore seen;6n. the coast. - i'y .'¦¦_:. - (¦'¦
BUILDING MANY
PRIVATE HOMES
Moderate-Priced Houses
. Going Up in All-'.
¦-.*:¦:¦ Directions. ;,
• Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
, ;¦ '¦ 1118 Broadway, June 2. .
Moderate pilced private homes are be
ing built everywhere in Oakland. \ During
the last week more contracts | were en
tered, into for residences at -prices ranging
from $2000 to $5000 than In any other week
since" the return of good. times. The con
tracts are nearly all l'or good, substantial
and architecturally modern houses. ¦
. The largest contract .of the week was
for a residence for Francis Cutting, the
wealthy .packer .of San . Francisco, the
price being $20,000. It will be built on the,
north side of" Durant street, opposite
Alice, It will be a cottage after the col-'
onlal ' style of architecture,- covering a
ground space 85x75 feet.. A broad veranda
.42 feet < in . length will extend along the
front.. The main\tloor -will contain the
living-room,' a large hall, two bedrooms,
dressing-room, batha, sewing-room, serv
ants'-room, kitchen, butler's pantry, and
closets. There, will" be a basement, fin
ished In hardwood, to contain- a billiard
room,' wine-room; laundry and. store-room,
fruit-room, heater and dryer. The second
floor will contain four bedrooms, two for
guests and two for servants. D. F. Oliver
is the architect' and George R. Lang the
contractor. . • . ¦ .. -
Josiah. Stanford has 'contracted fore a
residence to cost $10,000, to be built near
his- present home at Warm Springs. W. T;
Veitch & • Bro. ¦ of Oakland . are • the (con
tractors and 'Will Knowles Is the archi
tect: --"It will be two stories, with a fin
ished basement., The> base will ; be con
structed of stone and rubble work. There
will be nine rooms— four on the first floor,
four" on the second and one in the attic.
The ' house will ' be - heated by « a . furnace.
The windows 'will be of .the latticed; type,
with small, pan.es. '..-,- , •
- A $2000. home win be built by Leo L.
Nichols on Fifth avenue 'near Nineteenth
street for Frank T.' Wilkinson. It will be
of the -Eastlake style of architecture and
contain five rooms.' '.'".'.''. - .
I J/H.' Breed will occupy a residence that
will be built for him on Chestnut street in
Alameda. The contiact ' price is $2000. •
. The Alameda Land ¦ Company ! has I com
menced the erection of a $10,000 residence
at 'the: corner^ of Santa Clara avenue and
Lafayette street for/ Mrs. Margaret -Wall.
The house will be of two stories and b'aso
ment ¦ and ¦" contain - fourteen " rooms. The
old-home; of, the Walls has * been moved
from the -site, . •-^..i *"^ i :;.uV..n>".
A residence ; to cost $5000 •will be 'erected
for A.. E. Nye/ managing .editor of the
Oakland Enquirer, on .Vernon street: Oak-
Arrests Alleged^ Pickpocket.
OAKLAND,' June 2.— James McMamw. a
boiler maker, was arrested on "the 12:25
o'clock broad. gauge ferry-boat from San
Francisco this morning; upon complaint of
O. A; Rudolph of Lorin/who accusws Me-
Manus of paving tried to pick' a purse
out' of : his pocket.;, McManus was turned
over "to Policeman '. Brannan • and sent ! to
tl4 «; C " y : PrIson: ' : " :/' t'1 ¦/ "' ;
WILL PICNIC IN PARK
AT NILES dAXYON
Big Programme for the Annual Out
ing of St. Francis de . Sales
: Parish.
OAKLAND. June 2.— The annual picnic
of St. Francis de Sales parish will be
held on . June 12 at Fernbrook Park,
Nlles Canyon. The committees have been
more than usually successful in ' ar
rangements .. for the entertainment of
the people. A lonpr list of games,- with
prizes that will, stimulate the contest
ants to their best, efforts, has been pro
vided. There will be a large orchestra
on .the grounds for dancing, that por
tion of the day's programme being in
charge of - P. N. Hanrahan, . L. Moriarity
and N. Carey. • ...
The young man who has to scratch for
a living seldom sows any wild oats.
Young Dingwell was a student at the.
Central High School, particularly apt- and
clever, with a decided bent toward . theat
ricals. Ever since childhood he has mani
fested a keen Interest In everything that
flavored of the stage. He was the leader
in many amateur • theatrical entertain
ments and had gone so far as . to write
plays that" were subsequently produced by
his young companions, under his own di
rection and supervision.
At home his leisure time was occupied
in constructing scenic eets and building
stage mechanical -appliances. i • ¦
.His parents saw nothing harmful in his
boyish ambitions. Although they had
never given him any special encourage
ment.'no obstacles had been thrown In his
way to prevent I him from" employing .his
youthful talents in the direction he had
selected.
Friday afternoon the lad went home
from school and at 4 o'clock left the house
to go to an evening, newspaper office to
handle his route, which he wa« serving to
earn money for his theatrical endeavors.
Dingwell dld'not arrive as usual . at the
office and he has not since been seen
at home. He departed 'without a word of
warning. He left without taking any
clothing excepting the: garments he wore;
and to no one, so far as the family and
the police have been able to learn, did he
.confide his intention to depart. .
¦ ."We cannot Imagine what Induced the
boy to • leave," • said the father, a promi
nent building contractor of this city, "un
less It be that his. ambition to go on the
stage has mastered his good sense. He
had everything at home that a boy could
expect to .have and .was j a. lad of good
morals and habits." •» .'.-.• .
The youth Is about five feet six Inche3
tall of medium physique, with fair com
plexion and medium brown hair. ¦ : .
OAKLAND BOY LEAVES |
. HOME TO GO ON STAGE
Young Alonzo • Dingwell, Yearning
for Theatrical Fame, .Suddenly .
Disappears.
OAKLAND, June 2.— Because he had a
yearning to become a'n actor Alonzo Ding
well, 17 years old, the son of J. H. Ding
well, residing at 1506 West street, has run
away from home, leaving his anxious
parents without a clew by which the'miss
ing youth might be traced. The services
of the police have been invoked to assist
in the search for the'young man and the
parents have sent broadcast throughout
the State circulars announcing the disap
pearance. ¦
The new bill which opens, at the Chutes
to-day includes the Flying" Jordans;
Evans, De Vers and Evans, high claes
character • artists: the Glllen trio, club
jugglers; Mile. Adelaide, high wire artist:
Clinton Montgomery in illustrated songs;
Baby Ruth Roland, and a series of nuir
moving pictures. . '
Charity Martin is Fischer's . headllner
th^s week, and other name's are Matiidita
and Ballet, Katherine Kfieg and Minnie
Huff, Carrel. Atlantis, Charles Held and
Sam Holdworth. . . ¦
The favorites.' Grace Van Studdiforcl,
Henry Lee and Lew Sully are in their last
week at the Orpheum. There are other
good names on the week's excellent bill:
Hines and Remington, In the clever
sketch. "Miss Patter of Paterson"* Flor
ence Bindley, comedy musician: Martln
etti ar.d Sutherland, and / Flatt ard
Sutherland. .
The Central Theater this week offers a
patriotic and realistic naval drama, "Old
Glory." to Its patrons. "Old Glnrv" is a
story of the American] bluejackets In
Chile, and is enlivened by a striking rep
resentation of*a naval battle.
Special meeting at- Kohler & Chase Hall,
corner Eleventh street and Broadway, Monday
evening, 8 o'clock, June ,8, 1301. At our last
regular meeting a motion was made and car
ried that all members not being present at thla
meeting be fined tin.
AUO. CXODIUS. Secretary.
OAKLAND, June 2.— The following
notice was sent to-day from the office of
the Laundry Workers' Union to all of th,<*
steam laundries in Oakland, AJame/la and
Berkeley, excepting the White Star,
which signed the agreement:
OAKLAND, Cal.. June 1, 1901.
- You are hereby notified that at the regular
meeting of our union held Saturday evening.
June 1. It was decided by unanimous vote that
all work at present in the laundries of this
county should be finished in order that no ona
be inconvenienced by being unable to -get
their clothe« In case the union •. decides to
strike on Tuesday morning. But no worlj not
at present In' any laundry -is tr> be finished
unless the union conditions are agreed to by
the proprietor thereof. A special meeting has
been called for Monday. June 3. to take final
action and decide once and for all what course
•will be pursued by the union toward those
laundries which refuse to agree to the union
conditions. Respectfully your*.
;:t ' AUG. CLODIUS. Secretary.
The union also posted the following
notice at the laundries:. */ -
Final decision Will Be Beached
To-Night.
Officially Inform Proprietors That a
LAUNDRY-WORKERS
SERVE THEIB. NOTICES
"The Toy Maker," with Annie Myers in
her famous "doll" role, is one of .he most
notable of the Tlvoli successes of bte
years. 1 The show is good all round,
music, scenery and acting, and bids talr ¦
to rival even the "Idol's ¦ Eye" in popu
larity. The children approve the pretty
opera, and are given special welcome at
the Saturday matinees, when a souvenir
toy is given to each small playgoer. 'The
Toy Maker" is on Indefinitely.
• « •
The Alcazar celebrates to-night the
"Cleopatra" at the Grand Opera-house
to-night gives place to perhaps tno most
6angTjinary**and 'powerful • of- the Sardou
dramas. "La Tosca." with Melbourne
MacDowell as Scarpla and Florence fctone
in the title role. The MacDowell engage
ment Is a notable one, and the p*-rlorm
anceS are all round on- an unusually hlirh
level. Worse attractions have neen sf j «i
at $2 prices, and. the .Orand Opera-house
patrons are getting very much more than
their money's worth. Other Sanlou
dramas will be put on during the limited
engagement.
• • • . •
international marriages, and as James
Ffolliott Treherne, the clever swindler.
Miller has: one of his most entertaining
opportunities.
. The groom, with his best man, Albert
M. Getz, awaited the bridal party under
a floral canopy. After the ceremony the
bridal party sat. down to a banquet and
later In the evening the bride and groom
departed on a short wedding trip. } t ¦
The bride Is a favorite in social circles.
She graduated from Miss West's school
and is an accomplished .musician. *.Dr.
Zobel is , prominent in his profession and
has a lucrative practice. He was former
ly an assistant police surgeon and a dem
onstrator, of anatomy in the Cooper Med
ical College. .He Is now connected with
the • San Francisco Polyclinic, the post
graduate department of the University of
California. . • - '
Dr. and Mrs. Zobel will reside at 1448
Leavenworth street, .where the groom
| has fitted up an elegant home.
followed by Miss Mattle Zobel, the maid
of honor. Then came Mrs. Getz anO her
son, Edgar, Mr. and Mrs. - Zobel, the
groom's parents, the bride on the arm of
her father. ¦.,.-.
LADY WHO HAS TOP PLACE ON THE BILL AT FISCHER'S AND SOME
OF THE TOYMAKERS "WHO ARE BRINGING JOY TO THE AUDI
ENCES AT THE TIVOLI. ' ¦ ¦
' The Columbia management has decided
to continue the present bill. Oscar Wilde*3
delightful comedy. "The Importance of
Being Earnest," until next Wednesday
evening, including a matinee performance
on Wednesday afternoon. Tieglnulng
THERE is a good play spoiled in
Grace Livingston and A*bby Sage
Richardson's comedy "A Colonial
Girl," presented this week by the
James N'eill company at the Cali
fornia Theater. The first act is a charm
ing bit of comedy, picturesque in. inci
dent and plausibly built The second act
Is loosely constructed and overcrowded
with characters, wi—le the third act drops
into pure melodrama.
The story deals with colonial days, and
every possible picturesqueness cf the
time has been levied upon for the inci
dents of the plot. • A j-oung scapegrace
returns from England to Xew York . to
find himself "heir to a stern uncle, who
has left him large estates. He finds,
also, that his cousin, with whom he is
in love, has married an old man for his
•wealth and title. Stung into madness at
this latter discovery, he marries a charm-
Is* young girl that fate (in the shape of a
couple of sturdy ruffians) has thrown in
his way on the day of his return and dis
covery. A charming scene takes place
between these two. The girl. " Molly
Heddin (Julia Dean). . daughter of an old
soldier friend of the disappointed lover
(James Neill), mistakes the house of the
hero for a tavern, and, after her res
cue, innocently orders dinner there. Sup
posing her rescuer to be- a poor soldier,
though knowing him to be the nephew
of his uncle, and Godfrey Remsen by
name, she also orders dinner for him,
and then confides that she has run away
for a day from the home farm, where
she is tyrannized over by a cruel step
mamma. At this unconventional feast,
charmed by the simplicity and kindli
ness of the country girl; Godfrey con
ceives the idea of making good a boast
of his on receipt of the news of his
cousin's marriage — that he, too, was Just"
on the point of being married. He there
fore asks the roma;nic little person trom
ihe country to be his wife, and she, with
head full of tl)<> point-lace romances; of
the time, joyfully consents. The scene
end? v.-lth the entrance upon the scene of
Lady Danvcrs, tb<* first" love, who is
Btfll in love y."ith Godfrey, arrd who in
forms her poor little rival, that -.her hus
band has married -her out of pique. The
music then begins, and the plot is fur
ther complicated by Godfrey- becoming
involved m the plot of the Rebellion.
Lady Danven betrays him, and impli
cates his wife (who wcuW have nothing
to do with him after Lady Danvers'
declaration of his love for her) in the
transaction. It all ends happily, how
ever, and just misses being, a clever
crmedy.
James XeiH is well s=een as the lover,
though it is by no' means one of his best
parts. One of the best bits of acting Is
done by John W. Burton as a peppery old
colonel with a ratner overtorrld vocabu
lary. Frank McVickars is an excellent
¦old family servant,"' a faithful and. per
sistent husybody. Jack Osborne is over
emphasized, thoug-h on the right side of
impulsiveness.
Lady Danvers was given with the right
melodramatic touch by Miss Edythe
Chapman, -and Julia Dean gave a dainty
and delicate interpretation of the part
of Molly Heddin. The work of Mary
Elizabeth Fort>es shows promise as
*Lady Sarah Ketelas, but her diction
stands in much need of improvement.
One of the largest classes in the history
of St. Peter's parish 'was presented. yes r
terday to Archbishop Riordan for con
firmatfon. Owing; to thelmany children
j waiting the reception of the rite, the usu
al high mass was omitted, Father Casey
celebrating a : low mass -instead. The .
Archbishop was assisted by^Fathers LjV
ons.arid Connolly, while Fathers Larkin
and Mulligan. were the masters of cere
mony. Fathers Lynch, Brady," O'Ryan ;
and McDonald' were also in' the. .sanc
tuary. • l • . ' .
Father" Yorke had charge of the young
conflrmants, -and .-was -assisted by a num
ber of of Mercy from the con
vent school, adjoining. -The clicir was
under the direction of. Miss Desmond. ;
She was assisted by Miss Annie Rooney, j
James O'Donnell, . H. S. Qgilvie, Mis3es
Kay and Judge and a large chorus.
At the conclusion of the mass Arch
bishop Riordan delivered a. brief address, .
impressing upon, the young people the t
sanctity of the occasion and .the relig- i
ious significance of the ceremony*. ., .
Those confirmed • are the , following
named: jj ¦. .' . . ¦ '• ; • • .. • .
Girls— Edna R. '• Radford.' Eva C. Coleman,
Mary A. Duffy Gertrude • E. Sparrow, Anna
L Pignaz Edna JI. Sml.th, Katherlne. C.
Resch, Elizabeth H. Wanderer, Mary ; B.
Moyles, Emma A. Wanderer. Mary C. Glen
mln, Anne R. Coleman, Anne A. Jones, Mary ¦
M. Fulton, Mary M. Lengsleser. Emily T.
Foley Grace A. Devenj', Agnes C. Rae, Mary
C. Mclntyre Elizabeth -R. Oolan, Katherlne "
M. Deasy Mary M. Ahern, Irene T. Bradley.
Katherine I* O' Brien. Mary L. i Breshahan,.
Mary I Kerrigan, Cecilia L. Collins, . Jane K.
Amiot ' Katherlne ¦ I. Criramins, "Elizabeth H. .
Sullivan, Camilla D. Keane, Emma G. Hughes,
Anne U O'Brien. Henrietta M. Henceman,
Helena E Demechille, Grace R. Gallagher,
Mary I. Barry. Marfcaret K. Inskeep, Mary C. .
Ru«Fell Mary i G. Smith. Mary M. Dusan,
Katherine M. Cody, Maria F. Doyle. Ellen C.
Dillon Margaret M. Hannigan, Ellen B. Lam
bertson • Mary V. Call. Rose -C. • Walsh, Mil
dred C. Shovelin. Frances C. Moyles, Dorothy
F Fltzpatrick Margaret V. Mulcahy, Florence
B Deveny, Loretta K. Keenan. Mary B. Mc-
Gary Margaret V. Normlle, Katherlne E.
Traynor, Anrie V. Gllhooly, Teresa M. Norton,.
Anne C. Doran, Isabel A. Connolly, Ethel M.
Burroughs; Jane V. Brooks, W. M. McCabe,
Anne L; McGary. Ida C. Burke. Ellen -V. Big
gins Gertrude M. Butterworth. Anne T. Fac
rell.'. Madeline R. Baxter, Agnes T. Bonr.ey,
Margaret C Costello, Teresa Tissot, Minnie F.
Bechle, Harriet M. La- ChapeTle, Julia M.-
Keyser, Roee C. Pistolesl, Margaret E. Grum
moii, Elizabeth A. McCarthy. 1 Mary J.
Matthews, Mary* T. Lovett. Nora M. Dodd.
Mary A. Murphy Isabel M. Catton. Mary L.
Gafflgan," Ann A. George. Mary E. Creegan.
Edna C. Albrecht, Irene B. McNeil, Josephine
1 M B • Makowskl. Ethel M. Strenli. Laura. C.
i Reed Margaret M. P«ly. Anna E. Chrfetenson.
I Florence L. CaHag/nan, Edith J. Page, Frances
i V Reed Martha J. Kenney, Emma A. Murphy,
' Emma 'G. Pistolesi. Josephine R. Greeley,
Edna R. Fitzpatrlck, Elizabeth B. Gibbons,
Helen V Kelly Eva E. II. Bolder, Mary C.
Akalan. 'Charlotte C. Holden, Mary P. Rae,
Ahne.A. Doyle. Rose M. Kerr. Mary A. Hob
son. Margaret F. Crimmlns, Margaret L. Spar
row, Mary G. Milan. Nora C. Mulcahy. Fell
cltas >t' Burroughs. Katherlne C. .Keneally,
Ellen L Keneally, Katherlne M. Flnnlgan,
Katherlne I. McCarthy, Ellen M. Dillon. Dor
othy B Driscoll, Zana Limpach. . Margaret -V.
| Greeley. Margaret P. Keane. Helen M Mc-
Cauley. Katherine C. Felvey, Ellen F. Small.
! Iren» C' Fof)piano Anna M. Bresnahan, Anne
"E lionavan. Alma O. Jourden, Ellen A. Ryall,
Rose L. McCarthy. Johanna K. Brown, Prances
B Burke. ! Cecelia A. Anern, Katnenne v .
Toomey. Ethel R. Heffernan. Alice M. Comer
ford. Laura A. CavanftBRh Ellen Q. 1 ;
Mary C. Keenan. Elizabeth M. Kevner. Isabel
M. Ambrose, Matilda B. Townsend Kthel M.
Cramer. Mary - A. O'Brien. Elizabeth T:
O'Brien, T^mise" M. George. Anna A. Healey,
Winifred M.' Gibbons, Alice Cr-Ryall. Josephine
K O'Connell. Mary'J. Dugean, Lucy C. Far
rell Stella G. Marlani. Dorothy R. Doyle,
Katherlne C. McDonnell. Loretto B. Murphy,
Blanche A. •¦ Waters. • Josephine M. Semorlle,
Anne I. Wynne. Anne E. McDonald- and Rose
¦^Boys-^Frederlck C. f?mith, John J. T; Gran
aghan William J.» Mullins. Bernard B. Galla.-
Kher Thomas A. McMahon. Charles J. McCol
ean ' Francis K. Greenan, Thomas C. Butter
worth Lawrence J. Klein. Gecrse B. McPher
»on Ga'rrett J. Pierce, William B. Johnson,.
William L. Sullivan. Jerome K. Barrson. Albert
Charles Evans, Frederick P. Lauterwasser,
George J Hutman. William J. Bryant. William
J. Ncirton. Eugene d'Artcnay. David J.
Musante Thomas P. Barden, John J, Walsh,
Peter Joseph O' Brien, Lawrence A. Pilffur,
Emile Arthur Benner. Edward A. . Ligorlo,
Tames J Benn, John T. • lx>well, Michael R. -
Doly Ge'o'wre V. McKeevcr. James D. Costello.
John'j. Sloane. Eugene A. McAuHfTe Paul J.
Makowpki Robert J. Smith. Edward M. Kelly,
James F. O'Neill. .James E. Smith. John J.
Plllon .Tames A. Farlej-.. Georse W. Webb.
Arthur T Kins: .William J. Reardon, Matthew
R roleman. Patrick 'M. O'rjonn<»ll. I Bartholo
mew A Felvy Joseph M. Palin, Charles J. Be
han, James L. Greeley. Joseph Ji McGee, Jo
seph P Thoney. Francis A. Sullivan. Edward
F Crimmlns ¦ William C. O'Connell. George
A* Gallagher. Georsre L.- Pyne, Albert V. Car
roll George J. Milan. Andrew I. Duffy. John
T Vizzard 'Rome A. • E-fngelser. Georgre R.
Crawford. George I. Creely, Francis J. Plato
lesi Herbert A.Behan, James W. Delehanty,
John J O'Hare, George L. Melody, Francis
J Bell Euprene J. Walker, James L. Kenney,
Charles L.. McKeaney, Henry J. Lauterwasser,
Thomas J. Klnnegran. Bernard. A. O'Cqnnor,
GeorB<» A.- Hlfruera, Cornelius A. Callnehan,
Francis J. Lautlllpe. Walter J. O'Brien. William
J Blake, Bernard P. Flaherty, John P. Ryall,
Edward- C. Jones, William P. RosenberRer,
John I Burk. John- J. Walsh. John J. Cratty,
Ijawreiice I. Dwyer, Samuel J. Slavich, Michael
J Flaherty William P. Bapala. "William R.
Erwin Patrick P. McDonnell, Joseph J. Ken
nedy William B. Fitzeerald, Edward F. Mc-
KlttHck Eustacfe- I. Ryan, John A. Hoifan,
Henry J. Bradley. Henry J. Egtn. -X>avid J.
Deasy William J. ! Morrison. Joseph I. Calla
nan John M. Cunningham. Edward .J. -Rosen
bertfer. Walter A. Inskey. Henry A.. BAjrala,
Thomas P j Payton, Charles Francis Neper, :
James Tlpsot. Charles A. McKee, James J.
Dunn Michael M.- Griffin.. Edward P. Barratt,
John H McCarthy, Martin. P. Slavech, Charles
R ". Burgers. Albert F. Morrison, James A.
Gorman John M. Nelson. Wllliam.V. Coleman,
Peter W. 'Lally. Carl P. Conrad, John A.
O'Connell. Joseph D. Kennedy, Francis J.
d'Artenay, Francis V. Doyle. . William M.
Cummlnes. Arthur B. Butterworth. Edward
J J Guenley. Henry J. Butterworth. JoTin H.
Miller Thomas J. Bndley, Martin P. Salmon,
Antone T. Pegnaz, Francis R. Sullivan, Hugh
L. McGarry. : -Frank W. Thoney, Bernard G.
McGranaghan. James J.. McKeever, Peter P.
Muldoon. -John H. Connolly and George J.
Lasater. ' ¦ ¦ [ •¦ .
At the conclusion *of the ceremony l all
united In singing the "Veni' Creator"
and "Te.Deum"' while the boys took the
pledge or . the League of the Cross.
The long bridal veil was draped high on.
the head and caught with a spray of or
ange blossoms.* The bride carried a
bunch of bride's roses. ' V "•
The wedding ' ceremony was performed
-by the Rev. M-.S-'Levy, music being fur
nished by an orchestra. The bridal pro
cession entered the pallors to the strains
; of the Lohengrin Wedding March. Mas
ter Harold B. Getz carried the wedding
ring on a white .satin cushion and was
Pastors' From Nearby Par
0 ' ishes Assist in the Cer
' -¦ emonies.
LARGE CLASS
AT ST. PETER'S
The r Archbishop Oon
firms Many Young
People.,
land Heights, j The design Is after the
style of an English country home, the ex
terior to be enclosed with cedar shingles
and half-timbered plaster work. The main
floor will- include a living-room, dining
room, hall, kitchen, pantry and the neces
sary closets. Three large bedrooms win
be }n the second, stcry. There will be a
large attic and basement.
- Hans Holmes is building a cottage on
Pacific avenue in Alameda, the contract
price for which- Is $1700. It will contain
five rooms. A two-story house is bein^
built • for Margaret A. Dunn on Leonard
street in Berkeley that is to cost $2500.
Another house that will.be built next to
it will cost $2700. A J3000 residence will be
built for Charles J. Woodbury by. George
Scott on the south aide of Fifteenth street
near Brush. Six flats are being built for
Mrs.- S. E. Reamer on Telegraph avenue,
opposite Jones; for renting purposes.
Stephen T..Gage is preparing to build a
home for his daughter, Miss Ethel Gage".
whose marriage to George JE. Gross is
soon to take place: It will be built on a
flfty-foot lot on Grand avenue. Boulevard
Terrace, that was recently purchased by
Mr. Gage from "Victor H. Metcalf.
. A handsome, reslder.re on Twenty-second
street, west of Telegraph avenue, has
been t onveyed to' George "W. Terrill. presi
dent of the Oil Producers' Exchange; by
M. C. Gllban. H.,L. AVright and 3. Reame.
, . 1118 Broadway. June 2-
The California Conference of Seventh
Day Adventlsts will convene on June 4 at
Thirteenth and Grove streets and con
tinue In session to and including June 1* .
The pitching of tents .has already begun
and -before the opening of the' conference '
there will be 250 tents on the ground.*. •
Members of the sect will come from all
over the State, to the number. !t is estt«
mated, of 1500. ' ; y. ',". .
The ' conference will be notable on aoi
count -of the number of prominent Sev
enth Day Adventists who will attend and
address the meetings. Among xhesc w4U
be the Rev. A. T. Jones of Michigan, con
sidered one of the most eloquent pulp't
orators In the country; Mrs. Ellen Q.
"White, who recently returned, from mis
sion work in Australia, . and I>r. J. K.
Kellogg of the Battle Creek Medical and -
Surgical Sanatorium. Services will be held
dally at 2:30 and 7:30 o'clock for the pub- .
lie, and devotional services at.. *:30 o'clock,
for the Adventists. »' " •.. '
The daily programme to be followed
during the conferepce will be as folio W3:
Rising bell, 3 a. m. ; devotional meeting.
5:30 to 6:30. a. m.t young people's meetlzisr. 5:3H
to 6:30 a. m-; breakfast. 7 a. m. ; district
meeting. 8:30 to 9:30- a. m.: children's meet
ing 8:30 to 9:30 a. m.; public service, 10:30
to 11:45 a. m. : dinner, 1 p. m.; public service.
2:30 to 3:45 p. m'i private devotion, 4 tp 5
p. m. : special service,. 5 to 6:13 p. m. ; yafuns
people's meeting:. 5 to 6:15 p.. m. ; children's
meeting, 5 to 6:15 p. m. : public service, 7:45 to"
9 p. ro.; retiring bell, 9:30 p. m.
Special services will be held each day as
follows :
Tuesday. June 4 — Public service opening. 7:43
to 9 p. m. •" ••¦•'.
Wednesday, June 5— Organization "conference.
9 to 10:30 a: m.; conference, 10:45 a. m. to 12:15
p. m. ; public service, 2:30 to 3:43' p. m. : con
ference, 5 to 6:15 p. m. ; public service, 7:43
to 9 p. m.
Thursday. June 6— Conference, " 10 a. " m. to
12:15 p. m.; public service, -2:30 to 3:45 p. m. :
conference. 5 p. m. to. 6:15 p. m. : teachers'
meeting, 6:30 to 7:30 p. m«; public service,
7:45 to 9 p. m.
Friday. June 7 — Conference. 10 a. m. to 12:15
p. m. ; public service, 2:30 to 3:43 p. m. ; con
ference, 5 to 6:15 p. m. ; public service, 7:45
to 9 p. m.
Sabbath (Saturday). June 8.— Sabbath school.
9 to 10:15 a. m.; «or missionary service. 10:45
a. m. to 12 to.:" public service. 2:30 to 3:45"
p. m.; public service. 7:45 to 9 p. m. *
Sunday, June 9— Public service, 10:30 a. m. :
public service,. 2:30 p. m.; public service, 5
p. m. ; public service. 7:45 p. m.
Monday to Friday.' June 10-14— See daily jjto- j
gramme. • .
Sabbath (Saturday}. June 15 — Order of, service
the same as June 8.
Sunday. June 16— Order of service the same
as June 9. . ;.-<":
. The present officers of the State confer-*
ence of the Seventh Day Adventists are
the following: . - ¦ "
President, Clarence Santee; secretary* J. J.
Ireland; executive committee, M. H. Brown,
C. F. Gardner, R. 'S. Owen, Clarence Santee.
J. "W. Bagly. G. A. Snyder. C. N. Martin.
Seventh ;Day Adventista
V . to Hold the Annual
Programme" for Each of tHe>'
. Fourteen Days of .the
Conference.
• Oakland Office San Frandseo Call,
TENTS UP FOR
CAMP MEETING
Thursday evening Miller and his company
will be seen in a double bill, conslstine of
"Gudgeons,", which made so favorable an
impression .here before, and the one act
play, "Frederic Lemaitre." Next week
the 1 much talked of "Darcoy of the
Guards," a play by Louis Evan Shipinan,
will be put' on.
"Gudgeons", deals with the, subject of
CLEVER ACTORS OF NEIL COMPANY
REDEEM COMEDY THAT HAS FAULTS
Gran^rppera-House Presenting Splendid Attractions— Columbia to Continue
JWilde's Comedy Till Wednesday— Orpheum Show One of Best Ever
Seen at That House-Central Offers Patriotic Naval Drama, "Old Glory"
opening of the Florence Roberts season,
with a new play, "For, Bonnie Prince-
Charlie." Miss Roberts will, as usual, bo
supported by White Whittlesev, "and- this'
strong'combinatioh will doubtless find its
customary favor with Alcazar patrons.
"For Bonnie Prince Charlie" is one of the
Julia- Marlowe 'successes, and Is earn to
be a telling play. , " ' ; : ;
Accomplished Daughter of Promihent Business Man
Becomes the: Bride ofa Well-Known Physician,
Ceremony taking Place Beneath Floral Canopy
GETZ-ZOBEL WEDDING PERFORMED
IN PRESENCE OF MAN Y FRIENDS
7
THE "VSA-N FRANCISCXn ;cALfef jMOKDAYy^JlJy E 3, 1901.
GolciDust 3-lbpkgi5c
" Washing Powder. Regular, 20c
Coffee" ¥™£ eltng :. per lb 27c "
Fresh .roasted." Quality unsur-
; :passed. ... -.-.-- ¦
I Ham. '^° e .. per.lb 12 I-2C
]' Genuine Eastern sugar cured. "
I Prunes . ' 10 lbs 25c
French cured. • Grown In Santa
Clara Valley. .. * '
Olives ¦"¦ quart 20c
Fancy Manzanllla. -
? Guckenheimer Pure Rye
• • 75c bottle
- Highest score of awards World's
Columbian" Exposition. Reg. , $1.25. ,
Qld McBrayer Bourbon
90c bottle
r Highest type of American distll-
Zi ,'' la tlon. Regular, J1.25. . -\
I ; Jesse Moore Whiskey .
|> ".'.' . , • 65c bottle
«; "Genuine G. H. Moore.' Reg.. $1.
|: 'Port or Sherry Wine gal 50c
5 From the celebrated Los Cerrito*
2 Vineyard: i vintage 1895. Reg.. 75c.
j Velvet Cocktail . 85c bottle-
! .; Smooth , arid palatable; perfect In,
' ••flavor: preoared in expert fashion..
i " . Regular, $1.25. . "
Ruinart Champagne j'
" ! Pints $1.45.; case $34.00, •
;Quarts : $2.75 ; case '$3^ 5°
< ¦ The : highest " grade or Imported .
. 1 '.French wine. • A - ' - - J -;
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Mjw thQ bottles -
#/HIRESm
WJKi Drink it for pleasure fljj
JUDWAT'S HEADY EELlKlf has stood
unrivaled before the public for SO Tears aa u.
Pain Remedy. K -Instantly relieve*. and quickly
cures all Colds, Eore Throats, Influenza, Bron-
chitis. Pneumonia, KheumatlEin,: Neuralgia.
Headache. Toothache and all pain. - Internally
tor Malaria and all Bowel Paine. All drugsrlsU.THE SAN FRANCISCO fCALL, MONDAY, JTJNE 3, 1901^
8
,. SAW FRAKCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of The San Francisco
CalL corner of >Iarket and Third streets; open
until 12 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— 627 Montgomery street,
corner Clay: open until 9:30 n. m.
8O0 Hayes etreet: open until «:30 p. m.
633 McAllister etreet: open until 9:30 p. m.
«1£ Larkln street: open until 9:30 p.' m.
1$4I Mission street; open until 10 p. m. ;
S261 Market etreet. corner Sixteenth: open
ur.tll S p. m. '." ' '-,'"i
166. Eleventh street: open tmtU » p. m.
1096 Valencia street: open until » p. m.
Northwest corner Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky streets: open cntll t p. m. * ~..j
smo Ffllmow street: open untll_g_I>._jri : __^ -- _
MEETING • NOTICES. '
ASYLUM of Golden Gate Comiiiandery _ ._-_
No 16 K. T.. Golden Gate bulldinp. "SB*
625 Sutter St.— Stated assembly THIf- Jfc3
EVENING at 8 o'clock. Order of Red w .
Croes. All fraters are courteously in-
"vited H D. LOVELAND, Em. Com.
THEO. FROLICH. Recorder. • •
BAN FRANCISCO Chapter No. 1, Royal
" Arch Masons, meets THIS EVENING. Tt^
Business only. . ¦ - .
OCCIDENTAL Lodge No. 22. F. and A. ; _
M-— THIS <MOXDAY> EVENING at 8
o'clock. Stated meeting. • /L/\
WALTER G. AN PERSON Sec /^r
HERMANN Lodge No. 127. F. and A." m
M.— Stated meeting THIS DAY <MON-/J_
DAY). June 3. 1S01. at 8 p. m. By or- TK 3f
der of the W. M. 'V^
I_ SCHUMACHER. Secretary.
KING SOLOMON'S Lodge No. 260, F. ¦
and A. M.. Franklin Hall, Fillmore _J_
¦ ft., between Bush and gutter.— Stated TZ.JK
meeting and third degree THIS EVEN- /^r>
ING at 7:30 o'clock. HARRY BAEHR. See
EXCELSIOR Lodge No. 310. I. O. ,-*gTTT*
O. F.— Ir.lUa.tion MONDAY A3_S_&
EVENING. June 3. 1301. Mem- S_feflg-SP
.bers and visitors Invited, -SUB^"^
• S. SCOTT. R. S. T. C. NIXON. N. G.
A. O. H. DIVISION No. 2.— The regular to_^*.
monthly meeting of this division will : VWJr
be held at Hibernla HalL 120 Ninth JaVC*
tt., on TUESDAY. June 4, 1901. at 7:30pflfe«8
p. m. Election of officers for ensuing m^Ks
term will be In order at this meeting.
• i . JOHN KENNY. President.
T. _ CLANCY. Secretary. ' ' -.'
ALL arenotlHed to redeem their articles Im-
mediately, as I am going out of business.
UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant ave.
AGENTS WASTED.
AGENTS to solicit etock subscriptions for a
reputable local building and loan associa-
tion : large commissions. ] Send name and ad-
dress to box 3296, Call office, and receive
further 0 information. ! ¦
ASPHALTPM - ROOFIX °' 7
J. TELTIER, asphalt roofing, sidewalks re-
paired: postal. 1186 Mission: tel. Folsom 1607.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty; private;
no fee without success: collections. G. W.
HOWE, atty at law. 850 Market cor. Stockton.
ADVICE free; no charges unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. 927 Market St., opp. Mason.
L. S. CLARK. Emma Spreckeis bldg.. 927 Mai>
ket ft: consultation free: no fees In advance.
BOARDING FOR CHILDREN.
,-¦-¦-- ' '- ,.' - »
MOTHER'S care and instruction in music; ad-
vertiser can accept S> children to board: ages
4 to 12 years; rates, !6 a month. Call room 2.
917 Market ¦ St.. opposite Mason. -
A GOOD country home for children with best
of care. S23 Forty-sixth Et, Oakland.
2 OR 3 children to board, week or month: beat
«r»:tur.ny vard:nr.echool:reasonable.l607 Cal.
* BUSINESS CHANCES.
A— 11250— FANCY grocery with selected stock
of wfnes and liquors; no bar; bottle trade;
close to City Hall; living rooms; good busl-
ness. Call R. G. WILKE, 26V4 Kearny st.
A— $600— DELICACY. ¦ with home cooking de-
partment, doing a business of $30 per day;
rent IH; a money-making place. Call R. G.
WILKE. 26*4 Kearny bU .
A— $$&0; RESTAURANT and coffee saloon on
Geary st; rent $40; first-class business, clear-
ing about 1150 a month. Call R. G. WILKE.
26\i Kearny st.
A— J600; PARTNER wanted In restaurant and
coffee saloon' clearing about $250 per month;
choicest location near the Presidio: a rare
chance. Call R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny Bt.
A— S3C0; RESTAURANT; rent $30; location
close to Kearny Bt. ; 4 living rooms; good
business. Particulars, R. G. WILKE, 28^
Kearny st.
A— S600; PARTNER wanted in manufacturing
.business r a rare- chance for right party, as
there is money in sight. Call R. G. WILKE.
C64 Kearny et.
A— $400; BRANCH bakery with nicely fur-
nished room; rent $12; dally receipts S10; lo-
cation Rplk Et. CaU v R. G. WILKE. 26V4
Kearny et.
A RARE chance; price $1900; dairy, produce
and delicatessen store, clearing above $150 per
month; rent $15; stock will invoice price;
location can't be beat Call R. G. WILKE,
26% Kearny st
A— $700; SALOON; no better located place in
this city: rent $50; place clears easily $150
per month: no night work. See R. G.
WILKE. 26% Kearny Bt.
A— $2000: BOARDING and livery stable: West-
crn Addition; net rent $48; clearing above $150
per month; large patronage; stock of bug-
gies, hordes and harness first-class. Call R.
G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A— JS50; CO RXER. grocery and bar with 4 llv-
Ing rooms; established years; rent $20; loca-
tion can't be beat and the business Is first-
dasE. Call R. G. WILKE. 26^ Kearny st
AAA— S3P0: downtown cigar stand: good value.
$600— Grocery, branch bakery; good location.
$1100 — Union restaurant; no competition;
nr. 2 factories; good proposition; Investigate.
$500— Saloon on Market st. ...
$CCO— Cigar store; best location: night trade.
$500 — Saloon; merchants' lunch: good.
1400 — Cigars, notions; E. Oak.; fine for couple.
$1000— Road house: splendid location.
AAA— 100 cigar stands; 200 groceries and
bars: 300 candy and Icecream parlors; 500 res-
taurants; hundreds of- businesses to choose
. from. Call in «.nd see what we can offer- you.
¦WALTER HAYES & CO.. S38 Market st.
A— FOR private eale: some of best saloons in
city. WALTER HAYES & CO.. 838 Market st
A— CANDY etore In Western Addition $350
Delicacy store; good stock; no opposition. 603
Saloon In business- district 4500
Saloon near beach, $400; saloon and lodg-
ing-house 800
.Photograph gallery: pays well: Market et 2000
Merchandise business in good town 1200
Corner grocery and bar. from' $400 up to.. 4000
Stationery stores, cigar stands, bath houses,
delicacy stores, in all parts of city, from $150
up. EITEL & CO.. .1032 Market st
A— $300; PARTNER wanted in old-established
commission business; will clear $75 to $100 per
month to each; no experience required. See
STRAND & KAISER. 209 Kearny st.
S125C — ACTIVE man wanted as a partner in a
boarding and livery stable: sure profit of $100
a month to each; good value In Eight DON-
NELLY CO.. 632 Market Et
I HAVE bareaina in erocerles and b«trs>. res-
taurants, bakeries, candies, cigars notions,
drug stores, etc JOSEPH BAILIE. ?£>» Mkt.
WELL-ESTABLISHED millinery business for
sale.- owing to owner 1 6 departure from State;
good location. For particulars apply BUT-
LER. SCHUTZE CO.. 723 Market st. .
A YOUNG man wants to buy an interest in
well, established tailor business; Is a cutter
and K-eneral tailor: best of references. Ad-
dress box 2317. Call offlce. ., -¦
$160— PARTNER wanted; saloon. 640 Ccmmer-
clal st. second door from Kearny: rent $20.
GOOD paying ehoe chop for sale. 252V4 Ellis
etreet. • - c • - /- > _.;
WINHALL'S candy store, factory; bargain.
2008 Mission et., one door -from Sixteenth.
WANTED— To buy an interest In a well estab-
lished business or manufacturing concern
where purchaser can take charge of office
and books. Address, stating kind of Business
and amount of capital required, box 3362, Call.
DENTAL office, well advertised, doing a busi-
ness of .$£00 a. month; this Is a rare chance
for the right party. Address box 41144. Call
efflce. _^
A— $130: RESTAURANT clearing. $75 month or
no eale; cheap rent; living rooms; good place
for man and wife. 436 Fourth et.-.
GOOD paying dairy depot; this Is a bargain:
price $250; Investigate and make offer; living
rooms. Box 3379, Call .office.
$125ft— CORNER grocery and bar and 4 rooms
nicely furnished; northern- part city: take at
once; roing East; no agents. -Box 3344, Call.
$650 — SALOON and fixtures; selling on account
of elckne-s. Call at 610 Sixth st.
BRANCH bakery and variety store; good place
for man and wife. 691 Fourth st
A— $180; RESTAURANT clearing $75 month or
so eale: cheap rent; living rooms; good place
for man and. wife. ¦ 496 Fourth st ¦ -
AA— $400; GRAND opportunity for lady or gent
location perfect: cigars, periodicals, notions.
Waiting-room. 22d-ave. . station, E. Oakland.
A whole building to lease; IS Grant ave.: fine
location: >ultaj>le any business; rear entrance.
BEST place In America' for roadside resort;
cheap. ;. Owner. 454 Thirty- fourth _t, Oakland.
¦ •¦¦?-".*•'/' . " ' ' > "" .¦'**->"¦:
BUSIXESS . CHANCES— -ConflnnetL
A DRUG, store in , mf g. • town In San Joaquln
.Valley; doing a good business :* worth about
. $5000; for. sale or to trade for other prop-
erty; the owner Is an old man and wants to.
retire; it will be sold for cash for much less
.than Its - real' value. Address • O. T. RED-
FIELD. Sanger, Cal. . . ¦ ¦ _.-
FOR SALE — Blacksmith ehop; splendid open-
¦ Ing; In a thriving town 60 miles from San-
Francisco; well stocked, together with four
- lots; best location in town; established 30
years; good trade; satisfactory • reason for
selling. * For particulars apply Box 3345,. Call.
OLD. established transfer saloon;' living rooms;
. Mission; rent $30; lease; owner other, impor-
tant business; sacrifice; $650. Box 3347. Call.
MAN with $300 to Join party to work placer
claim at Cape Nome. Box 2433. Call office.
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
A. CAMERON & CO.. . ,
.850 Market st. and 8 Stockton st. \
Rooms 21, 22 and 23. Phone Bush 328.
. If you have hotel, rooming-house or business
to sell list with us. We .have cash customers
for all sizes and prices. See list of bargains.
61 roosfts; corner: rent $140; income $350. .$3000
66-rooms hotel; rent" $150; pays well 3000
60 rooms; 2 ect; good fur., cpts; pt cash. 3500
27 rooms; cor.; good location; see it 2300
1? rooms; rent $75; fine fur. ; pays' well.. 1500
15 rooms; Geary; apartment house: mtgr.. 1100
10 rooms; Bush; rent $50; $650 cash.' 850
8- room flat; modern; nice home 450
6 rooms; rent $16; gocd fur., carpets 250
18 rooms; cor.: sunny; pays weli..:..; 900
12 rooms; California st; rent $50: apart-
ments; oak and mahogany furn.; first-class
roomers '¦ 800
MARION GRIFFIN. 719 Market, by Call bldg.
$200... 6 roomsj$lG00... 20 rooms $3500... 50 rooms
$350. ..10 rooms!$1200...18 rooms $4000... 80 rooms
$550... 9 roomsl$1400... 21 rooms $4500... 70 rooms
$600...12 rooms!$1500...26 rooms $5000... 60 rooms
$700. ..86 rooms If 1600.. .10 rooms $5500,.. 63 rooms
$750. ..14 rooms ',$1650.. .29 rooms $6000... 75 rooms
$S00...12 rooms IS1S00... 50 rooms!$6o00... 42 rooms
$S50...lk roomsi$2500..-.30 rooms I $7000... 65 rooms
$900-...17 rpoms|$3250...60 rooms | $3000... 110 rooms
ATTENTION, BUYERS! ~^"
You may buy any rooming-house In
' . the city, and pay for It
In' monthly payments "
from the profits
of the house. . . ¦
Vacant houses furnished.
DONALD INVESTMENT CO.. 850 Market
WINSTON & WOLF,
1026 Market Bt.
21 rooms: part cash; central $1200
32 rooms; rent $40; cleaxs $100 1200
42 rooms; cheap rent; clears- $100 2000
35 rooms; rent $80; reduced to 800
20 rooms, corner, only.... 600
FISHER & CO.. 935 Market pt.. opp. Mason.
37 rooms, price $800: 35 rooms, price $1400.
24 rooms, price $1000: 12 rooms, price $35C.
26 rooms, price ?1400; 11 rooms, price $325.
8 rooms, finely furnished, 'rent S30, *5<X>.
If a bargain we have them at any price.
LODGING-HOUSE and hotels— Buyers will,
find headquarters . for bargains, good loca-'
tions and guaranteed title? by calling
I G. W. SCHWEINHARD.
I.. 917. Market st. opposite Mason.
9 ROOMS on Minna St.; price $250.
14 rooms on Taylor st; price $700.
» rooms on Sixth St.; price $450.
19 rooms on Grant- ave. ; nrice $1500.
¦ Eureka Real Estate. 28 Sixth st.
JOSEPH BAILIE. 739 Market st.— A eood list
of lodging-houses.
12-ROOM house, good location, good furniture,
$200. Apply 823 Howard st.
SXAP — 2S-room house, all full; good reason for
selling: rent $60. 420. Sixth st. ' .
SPIRITUALISM.
MRS. J. J. "WHITNEY— ¦¦ '
Trance, business medium; life reader; exam-
ines ore; oil locations; medical clairvoyant;
treats, cures sick: cancer removed without
use of knife. 1164 O'Farrell, nr. Gough; Ellls-
st car: sit. $1: letter. $2. Tel. Hyde 2461.
DR. WHEELER, medium, will read your life
correctly; circles Tuesday, Thursday and Sat-
urday evenings; readings daily, 1 to 4: ladles
EOc. gents $1. 305 Larkin St., fourth floor,
¦ rooms 87 and S8; 25 years- a medium.
MRS. HUBBARD, 109 Oak St.— Circles Tues-
day and Friday. 8 p. m. ; Wednesday, 2:30
p. .m., 10c; reading- daily, 50c.
MRS. LOUISE S. DREW. Psychic. Electric
and Magnetic Healer. Room 14, 305 Larkin
St.; tel. Howacd 2711: hours 10 a- m. to 6 p." m
JOHN SLATER, circle to-night, 25c, 8:15 sharp;
sittings 10 to 4. 1S03 Stockton, nr. Greenwich.-
EARLE. 622 Geary st. telephone Polk 1297—
Readings daily: seances Tues., Thurs. & Sun.
CLAIRVOYANT, mineral psychometrlst, palm-
• 1st and "card reading. 25c. 1241% Market st.
MRS. LESTER. 148 Sixth, rm. 11; cir. every
eve., 10c; except devel. dr., Friday eve., 25c.
Mrs. Gillingham. hrs. 1 to 6; circles Sun., Wed.,
Fri.. 10c. 303 Larkln. Wed.,Sat.,Oakld. 532 22d.
FRIENDSHIP Hall. 335 McAllister— Mrs. C. J.
Meyer; sittings dally; test to all to-night; 10c.
RAYMOND, boy medium, grand trumpet se-
ance to-night; tests to alL 509 Gough st.
KATIE HEUSSMANN, 136 West Mission st,
nr. 13th— Circle fun, eve.. 25r: rUtines da'lv.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MME. M. BERNARD,
THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, permanent-
ly located at 17 Third st. next Examiner bldg.
She reads yemr life correctly, gives an accur-
ate description of the past, reveals the present
happenings and portrays events to occur in the
future. If you are in trouble, discontented, un.
happy cr not satisfied in life, or have domes-
tic, love or business troubles, consult this great
medium and you will be told how to overcome
them. Valuable advice in all affairs of life;
25c up; perfect satisfaction guaranteed.
ARRIVED ARRIVED
MADAM MONTAGUE , —
.Clairvoyant and palmist Are you anxious
concerning your future, love, marriage,
money. ' business, employment, health, etc.?
Consult Madam Montague at once; holy power
and advice await you; she gives names
facts and dates; perfect satisfaction by mail;
hours 10 a. m., 8 p. m. 1382 Market, op. 7th.
MRS. DR. F. CLARK,, the well-known trance
medium, is permanently located at 1206 Mar-
ket st, corner Golden Gate ave., rooms 25 and
26; take elevator. Perfect satisfaction guar-
- anteed by mall; send stamp for pamphlet
with special terms. Daily and Sur.day.
MME- ARNDT, the great clairvoyant, tells past
and future; never fails; has the greatest
•Egyptian secret: shows picture of future hus-
band or wife; 25c up.; satisfaction to every-
body; cures diseases by sympathy. 215% Sixth.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader, bom with double veil— second sight;
diagnoses disease with life reading; ladies 50c,
gents $1; palm, and clalr. eit. $1 50. 126 Turk.
Mrs. Dr. Saylor, queen of clairvoyants and palm-
ists; names "and dates; 1, 25c; g. 50c; mall $1,
1511VJ Market, op. Van Ness; tel. Mint 109a.
ISMAR. the Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant and
palmist permanently located 114S Market op.
6th: private readings daily, 10 a. m. to 5 p. m.
REMOVED— Mme. Sanders, 127 Mason st.', medi-
um; palmist: teaches mind telegraphy; gives'
advice on all business; hours 12 to 8. •
MONK! Clairvoyant, test medium; circles
; Sunday. Tuesday, Thursday 8 p. m., 25c. J33
Taylor st. . • .
MME. LAROSE. best clairvoyant, card reader,
test medium, £5c up. 472 Stevenson st..- cor. 6th.
MME. WALTERS, great card reader: ladles 25c,
gents 50c. 9.51 Mission, nr. 6th; open Sundays.
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant, card-reader; la-
dles 25c; gents 50c. 132 Sixth st
MRS. MELVILL. well-known clairvoyant, water
reader. 11, Cth; German spoken; tel. Howard, 1846
FOR peace of mind see Mesmar. the great
clalr.. life reader; truth only. 1152 Mission.
MME. SCHAFFER. clairvoyant, card reader:
sittings dally. 448% Jessie st. bet Gth and 6th.
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
palmistry; truth or no pay; 25c. 1149 Mission.
MME! RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
advice; names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth str
CARPET. BEATING AND. CLEANING.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-Beat-
Ing Works. 353-357 Tehama st; tel. South 40.
ADVANCE Carpet-Cleaning Co., 402 Sutter st;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM, Proprletor.-
RUDOLPH & CO.. carpet-beating works; prices
reasonable.- 1*03 Harrison;, tel. Howard 2351.
JONES & CO... reliable carpet cleaners and ren-
ovators. 25-27 Eighth St.; tel. Jessie 1061.
SANITARY cleaning and dyeing company. 342-
344 McAllister st; phone South 146. ¦
CITY Steam Carpet-Beatlag Works. G. H.
STEVENS, mgr.. 38-40 8th st: tel. South 250.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet-Beating and Reno-
vating Co.. 240 Fourteenth gt; tel. Mission 74.
CARPETS cleaned at the lowest rates. STRAT-
TOX. 3 Eighth st: telephone Jessie 944.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-Beating Works. 333 Golden
. Gate ave.; telephone East 126.- • -. ¦¦
\S ¦':.£" ¦'; CHIROPODISTS. ' -.'. ". '.•_' v-
INGROWN nails, bunions, corns.. warU. chll-
blain_: painless cure. Dr. Duncan.. 415 Butter.
„ COLLECTION ' OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY" S 'Agency— No~chargeTun-
less successful. • Room 210. 927' Market st
•; . COTTAGES v TO LET.
LOVELY sunny* cottage; water. free. ; ' 637 Do-
lores et. near Twentieth.
'..'.' DENTISTS. V (^2^__u;
AT the ELECTRO-iSeNTAL CLINIC,- 809 Mar-
: ket St.. cor. 4th, rm. 7, Flood bidg.. you can
have your extractions' done painlessly: teeth
without plates our. specialty; gold crowns,
. $3 60 up; plates, extractions free, $4 50 up; of-
flceihours, 9 a. m. to 10 p. m.; Sundays, 9 to 3
. p. m. J. W. THATCHER. M. P.. Manager.,
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, bridges
and filings- extractions or fillings by my.
wonderful secret, painless method; 20 years
g experience ; no . students ; advice free ; . prices
cheapest and guaranteed: ' lady attendants.
DR.- GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell St.
A^-NEW unbreakable plate, the Rose Pearl,
¦warranted for 20 years; crowns, $3 50; fllljngs,
60c; plates, $5: full set; all work painless and
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth.
EXPERT dentist in order to build up a prac-
• tice will fill teeth, make plates, gold crowns
and bridge work at bedrock prices; payments.
Offlce 1141 Polk st.. cor. Sutter: open Sundays.-
A NEW thing in gold filling; no hammering as
before: absolutely no pain: Investigate; exam-
inations free. IdealDentalCo^Eddy^r^M&S^
PARIS Dental Parlors. 235 Kearny, cor. Bush-
Full set of teeth. $4: crowns. $3; fillings. 25c.
DR R. L. WALSH.815% Geary.nr.Larkin— Pain-,
less extraction 50c;plates $5 up;phone PoIkU35.
DR. H. G. TRUMAN, dentist, third floor Ex-
aminer building ;• formerly in Murphy bldg.
LOWEST prices In S. F.I Painless extraction.
60c. N>Y. Dentists. 969 Mission st... cor. 6th.
VAN VROOM— "Painless" : evenings and Sun-
days. 1001 Market St. corner Sixth.
SET of teeth without plate. DR. H; Q.
VOrryr?. 1341-.Polk st. -¦ ' ..'__
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWELL" Dressmaking & millinery School—
Class rates; patterns cut. 1019 Market St.
ACCORDEON pleating; country orders prompt
• attention. 121 Post. nr»r DTnnnor & Mnffatt.
..-EDUCATIONAL.
GALLAGHER-MARSH College,- Parrott bldg.^..
' Shorthand typing and bookkeeping; Robert
• F. Gallagher, expert court reporter, teacher of
shorthand: reportorial phrasing taught; prac-
tical bookkeeping, full course.: $50; catalogue.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, -24 Po»t St..
p. F.— Bookkeeping, shorthand, • typing, lan-
guages, telegraphy. English branches, civil,
electrical and mining engineering; .etc.; day
& night sessions: new SO-page catalogue free.
AYRES' Business College, 723 ' Market St.— Day
& eve.; bookkeeping, shorthand, typing, teleg-
raphy, etc; life scholarship. $50; Individual
Instruction; positions secured: catalogue free.
A— THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school for the university, law and medical
colleges; references. President Jordatt or any
Stanford professor. .Phelan building.
CALIFORNIA BUSINESS COLLEGE has posi-
tions guaranteed to it by written contract and.
can therefore with confidence guarantee posi-
tions to all its graduates. 365 Larkin St.
ACTING, elocution, specialties; Hallett School,
associated with theatrical agency . securing
positions. Alcazar building:. 120 O'Farrell st
ENGINEERING — Civil. elec.,minlng,mech., sur-
vey, asEay, cyanide; day! eve.; est. 1S64. Van
der Naillen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
A FULL course of Ellis bookkeeping • and the
Gregg shorthand costs only $60. San Fran-
cisco Business College, 1236 Market Bt. ¦ *
A. SPECIALTY— Perfecting beginners; business
college graduates; bookkeeping; figures: short
time. TARR.. exp. acct. 220 Parrott bldg. .
MERRILL-MILLER College, shorthand and
typing, removed to new quarters, rms. 40-45,
Parrott bide.. Individ, instruction: 'catalogue.
PROF. L. MERKI, successful teacher of violin,'
mandolin and guitar. IOCS Mission st.,' nr.,6th.
SHORTHAND taught by mail and personally.
MISS M. G. BARRETT, 802 Montgomery st.
Munson. School Shofthand.Typing.Bookkeeplng,
Spanish. 137 Montgomery. E. M. Carpenter. p»\
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc. ; day or eve. ; $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. 16 cages, sent to any address in the
United States- or Canada one year for $1,
postage paid. ¦ . ¦ ¦
ELECTRO-T11ERAPUTIC-
Electrtc-Chemic medication cures f aulty • nutrl-
• tion. nerve, blood & constitutional diseases.
¦ Drs. K. & K-*s EltK-tHo <3ar.<i-arlnm. 8 Mr son:
. EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
JAPANESE Employment Office and House-
cleaning Co.; best help: send men at short
notice. 1125 Sutter. nr. Polk; tel. Larkln 2391.
JAPANESE and Chinese help , of a'.l kinds;
coots; waiters and house ' Eervants. GEO.
AOKI & CO.. 421 Post 'st.;. tel. 'Bush 135.
ORPHEUM Employment Offlce — Japanese. Chl-
.nese help. 426 Powell. nr.Sutter: tel.Black 5072.
JAPANESE, central housecleanlng and employ-
ment; aH kinds help. 1046 Sutter; tel. East 203.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinesa .employment of-
fice: all kinds help. 215 Stockton: Main 5183.
CHINESE and Japanese employment offlce —
Best help. 41U4 O'Farrell st: tel. East ' 426. -
EMPLOY3IEXT WASTED — FEMALE.
A competent colored cook desires situation, city
or country; ref. MISS CULLEN, 325 Suttcr.
A FIRST-CLASS German cook desires situa-
tion; -best of references: city or "ccuntry.
MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st. -
STRONG, good, willing woman; great house-
cleaner; can do most any kind of work; good
references; wages $1 25 per day and car fare;
good washer flannels. 88 Third st, upstairs.
RESPECTABLE girl wants general housework
and plain cooking. Please call at 422 Tehama
st, near Fifth.
LADY wishes position to do light housework
and plain cooking in small family. Address
100 Jones st. .
HOWARD, 1050— A Swedish girl of experience;
a good cook; also housework; city references.
Call from 12 to 3, room 18; no postals.
COMPETENT ladles' nurse wishes situation in
confinement or ae invalid's nurse; refcrenpes.
MRS. L. Me; 2406 Post St.
I A NORWEGIAN girl wants to do housework
for a smallfainily. 73 Thirteenth st.
Respectable young married -woman with child
- 2 yrs. of age would like situation a? working
housekeeper. Address K. P., 1535 Masonic ave.
A TRAINED nurse from the East wjould like
the care of an Invalid. Address MISS Me-
LEOD, 1259 OTarrell St., Y.. W. C A.
A FRENCH cock wishes a situation In a prl-
. vate family;' l'as good references. Address 114
Trentcn St., -between Jackson, and Pacific
SITUATIONS wanted by two young women ;
Americans; one as*"companion for an« Invalid,
the other upstairs work; no 'waiting. Box
10, Call offlce. • ,. ¦ . •
YOUNG lady wishes place as . housekeeper. Call
at P27' Howard- St., rocm 15.
WOMAN wants washing or other work to do.
M. REICHOW, 417 Harrison St. .
AN elderly lady wishes position to assist In
light housework in small . family; small
wages. 23 Eddy st, 2d- floor, ¦ room 31.
YOUNG lady would like to do upstairs work.
Apply at 717 Fillmore st. ' -' • ,- ¦•
FIRST-CLASS' dressmaker, late of New York,
wishes to go out for $2 a day. Apply to MRS.
N: WAHLQU1ST. 5.09 Kearny st. '
WOMAN with child wishes position as house-
. keeper or general housework. ' 332A Tweirth.
ALL' are notified' to redeem their articles im-
mediately, as . I am going out of business.
; UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant ave. -
.A GIRL wishes a position as second girl; $2£
. per month. 1432 Mission st. - • -
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St., near Mar-
. ket— 200 rooms; 25c to $1 CO per night; $1 50 to
$6 week; convenient' and respectable; free ;bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
i CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
i received at Call branch offlce. 2200 Fillmore.
! A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
. subscriptions has been established at 1096
¦Valencia st. . • . . " -
! EMPLOYMENT WANTED— MALE. ¦'¦
GROCERY, manager— I am successfully manag-
¦ ing a grocery house, doing a business of two
hundred and fifty thousand ($250,000): yearly;
would make a change; best reasons and ref-
' erences; can handle both wholesale and retail
trade. Address box 3287, Call offlce. ¦ •
NURSE (male), who Is also competent secre-
tary, stenographer, etc., desires position;
•would take charge of invalid ;¦ first-class ref-
•erences. Box 3358, Call offlce. •,.' :
A STEADY, reliable man wants a position at
marker and distributer in a country laundry-
. will make himself generally useful. Address
box 3293. Call offlce. ' •..<¦•,.
• EXPERIENCED office man, stenographer and
• ,¦ secretary (26) desires -position; small salary;
references. Box 3359, Call , offlce. .=
i BY gardener, Alln all 'branches.. -thoroughlj
# reliable, industrious, strictly sober, position
! • on private place; generally useful; best ref-
. erences. P. R. L., box 3285. -Call. offlce. -. -• •
. MIDDLE-AGED man. handy with: horses and
tools, wants light work: no milking; s'mal]
wages if good place. HOWARD, 115U Sec-
ond st. - ' . • : . . . • . ¦• . . .. '- ,
SITUATION wanted by a German baker; good
second hand on bread.- Address G. F." A.,221
- Minna ef ¦ . . - ; . . .j.}_ :^v. -.'
, BONDS GIVEN— Reliable young man desire!
. position of trust- as cashier, receiving clerk,
etc. Box 3378, Call offlce. . . .,
• YOUNG ¦ German • butcher wishes position.
. Please address .62 -Second street;'-" ' . " »'
EMPLO Y»IBNT WA^TBP---WALB^
RANCH i foreman wants ' a >.': position to ; take
.charge of ranch; has had 15 years' experience;
¦. can furnish -good California references. Box
3365. .Call- of flee. '; ¦ ¦ .'-,¦¦ " :, '¦-'..
WANTED-^A ¦ ', position as cutter * and general
; tailor, city or country; young man,' steady and
.-* industrious; ' best of . references. ; Address; G.'
C. WII»TERBERG. 1618H Turk.gt. ¦
SAWMILL men; a" good blacksmith or engi-
i neer,) also -.millwright, '.wants position; refer-
' ence. Address E. If. V.; Berkeley. Postof flee.
ALL are notified to redeem their, articles im-
mediately, as I am going out of business.
UNCLE HARRIS. .15 . Grant ave. ¦¦ . . . ",
EXPERIENCED engineer wishes situation; go
-anywhere; references." Box 3271,' Call office. .
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
¦ Valencia'- st. v ¦ .."..' ""' \ ¦¦'¦-'¦'
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore.
/ FEATHER RENOV aTINGJ
Feather beds, pillows, hair mattresses steamed,'
- purified. Owen McCabe. S7Q. Mission, cor.. 5th.
WANTED— $4000, 9% per cent, on ranch; within
65 miles; ample security. Box 2841. Call office.-
FLATS TO LET. " ]¦
FINE sunny flat, 24 Baker st, near Halght; 6
. upper rooms and bath; rent reasonable. G. H.
-UMBSEN & CO., 14 Montgomery . st. ¦-',;
ALL are notified to redeem their articles im-
mediately, as I am going Out of business.
' UNCLE . HARRIS. 15 Grant.ave. .; *.- . ,
LOWER \ flat/ 6 rooms; stationary tubs; I rent
reasonable. 329 TehamaNst, bet. 4th and 5th.
APPLY at 1722 Howardst. for~flat of 6~roomT;
very sunny; '3 front; water free: rent, $17.
CLIPPER st., 18— Sunry flat of 4 rooms, bath, ¦
laundry; $10. . ' , '¦:-,- > .
FINE : upper ¦ sunny modern flat of 4 rooms
arid bath; large yard. 615 Grove St., near
' Laguha. .- / - . . . . „<
FLAT, 5 rooms; perfect order ; 'modern im-
provements; rent $18. Inquire 1303 Powell. st
NATOMA, 714— Flat . of 4 sunny rooms; large
yard; cellar; no children; $10. .. ; •
TO let — Modern flat, -recently built; • 6 rooms,
bath, yard and basement. 1935 O'Farrell st.
TO let— Flat of 3 rooms. 1331 Pine st, east of
Larkln. • • , . ¦ ' ; : .
$32 50— SUNNY corner flat, 6 rooms and bath.
218 Van Ness ave. ¦ . . ¦ \
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,'
¦ 16 pages. In wrapper; for 'mailing. $1 per year.
" " . • FURNITUMK FOR . SAL19. .
•WE will furnish your house on monthly pay-
. ments. A. B. SMITH Furniture Co., 128
and 132 Ellis st. • ¦ "¦'¦'.-¦
4 ROOMS furnished in oak, $48 50, with No. 7
range. King Furniture Co., 1127-1131 Market.
FURNITURE WANTED. .
CAL. Auction Co.,' 1462 Market— Buys furniture,
. merchandise, etc.; pbone Jessie 2071. ...
AUCTIONEER John Elder. 22 Kearny, buys &
sells your bus,, merchandise, fur., carpets.etc.
IF you want to'sell furn., mdse.', etc., see 31 A.
tlunro & Co.. 240 Stockton St.; tel. James 1541.
BEFORE, disposing of . your . furniture . see
. Golden Gate Auction Co., 928 Howara St.. ...
A.-.WOLLPERT. 773 Mission st. pays highest
price for second-hand furniture: tel. Red 1354.
Auctioneer— L. Vincent. 1305 Larkln; tel.Polk694;
furniture & furn'd houses- ljcught; spot cash.
CH AS. LEVY buys your furniture, , carpets,'
, pianos, etc.. 1135 Market st. ; tel. Jessie 761.
' A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
16 pages, in wrapper fog mailing, $1' per year.
. HELP WANTED-lFEMALB.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S.. Phone Grant 185
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Stewardess and 2 waitresses, springs,' see
party here Monday. . ¦,. ¦ ¦* '¦ •
* 10 waitresses, different springs, fate paid:. $20
6 waitresses, Santa Cruz .\:......:$20
.2 -waitresses, Red Bluff, fare paid $20
2 waitresses, short distance north....' $20
• 2 waitresses, different places J south, fare -'
i paid '...... $20
Waitress, .summer resort, see party here.. ..$20
2 waitresses, summer resort, short distance. $20
10 waitresses, different commercial hotels. .$20
Chambermaid to wait, summer resort $20
10 waitresses -& chambermaid to wait, clty.$20
¦Laundress, country hotel ...; ..$20
Pantry. woman, springs, see party here: $25
. Head waitress and 2 waitresses, springs, see
party here. . . • »;,
.......... FAMILY DEPARTMENT ..„
Any woman or. girl looking for a situation aa
cook, housework, second work, nurse, cook for
' dairies, - lumber camps, etc., can obtain same
by applying to -. - • ,
C. R. HANSEN & CO...: .104 Geary st.
A— 3 WAITRESSES for first-class commercial
hotel, "country; see party this morning; $25.
C. R. HANSEN & CO..' 104 Geary st.
¦ MRS..M. E. DAT & CO...*... Phone Main 1573
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
6 waitresses, first-class resorts, $20; 11 'wait-
resses, commercial hotels, $20 and $25; 6 wait-
resses, city, $20; " restaurant . waitress, $7:
'lunch waitress, $3 50. no Sunday work; cham-
bermaid and laundress, country hotel, $22 50;
4 chambermaids to wait, $20.
. FAMrLY -DEPARTMENT ..........
Positions in this department of all kinds toe
numerous to advertise. MRS. M. E. DAY
& CO.; 335 Geary st . .
, NEAT young saleslady for retail store; no ex-
¦ perience necessary; $7 week; steady 'work.
MRS, ill. E. DAY & CO., 335 Geary st.
i GIRLS to learn bookbinding. R, I. WHELAN
& CO., 42-44 Steuart _t. . . . . '
; GIRL wanted to do general housework. 117
Clipper st, bet. 25th and 26th, off Church. .
! GIRL wanted ; light ' housework, plain cook-
i . ing; small family. 1829 Deylsadero ¦ st. ¦
AN - experienced apprentice girl to work on fine
custom coats. . 334 Kearny st, room 9. .,
EXPERIENCED girl as apprentice, to. work
on coats; call at once. E35 California, room 8.
; WAITRESS wanted. Central Restaurant, 119L
Market st. . ¦ v . ' ' • • '. " .
j WANTED— Good cook. Apply 2030 Seventeenth
1 Bt.; corner of Vermont ¦ - ¦ • .
FIRST-CLASS finishers on vests; also appren-
tices; good wages. 956 Mission st. .
' GIRL to assist In light housework and mind
child. 320 Twenty-ninth st.
; WANTED— A girl for .housework; must sleep
home. 825 Geary st. . • . • .
•FIRST-CLASS waitress wanted; good wages.
: People's Restaurant (Independent),' 631 Clay.
GIRL*) for * light housework. 3627 Seventeenth.
St., near Dolores. t ' . " • -
WANTED— Reliable young girl for housework.
• Call at 2C30 Mission. St.. bet. 16th- and 17th. ~
1 A NURSE girl used to young baby, 16 to%.18
years of age. one who can do some -mending,
$12-$15. Apply 233 Third ave.. Richmond Dis-
trict; take Geary or Sutter st cars; car fare
paid: Apply to-day and to-morrow (Sunday.)
1 WANTED— 200 operators on overalls :and
shirts for a union factory, j Apply at oflice of
' .United Garment Workers of.' America, room
205, Emma Spreckeis building, t»27 Market st.
• OPERATORS wanted at Levi Strauss & Co.'s
overall factory, 32V4 Fremont st. Apply to
MR. DAVIS. . ..- . • - .-¦¦•¦¦¦•-.¦
WANTED— Unincurribered woman for respon-
j sible position; doctor's, widow preferred; sal-
ary and expenses; references. Box 3395, Call.
! WANTED— A Swedish or- German girl for gen-
, eral housework In' Alaiheda. "Apply. 531 Cen-
i tral ave., 2nd station, narrow gauge.
. OPERATORS .on muslin underw&ar;" also learn-
, . ers. • G. W. . REYNOLDS, 597 Mission st, cor-
¦ ner Second." .'•••'•
i HAIRDRESSING thoroughly taught In 2wks.;
; entire course $5; positions guaranteed; big sal-
ary at start. Halrdresslng College. 574 Geary.
! ALL are notified to redeem their articles im-
mediately, as I am going out of business.
• : UNCLE HARRIS. ¦ 15 vGrant ave. ...
' WANTED— Pants finishers. Appl> at factory
' of S. N. WOOD & CO.. '27 Geary st' ,
' WANTED— A competent colored : girl for gen-
' eral housework and cooking. 1434 Golden Gate.
• FINISHERS on ' ¦ coats and operators. J.
; BLOOM. 63UJ Stevenson st. ¦ - .
• 60 GIRLS wanted. - Apply at Long Syrup Ref.
. Co.. Eighth and Brannan sts.. ..
i FINISHERS "on vests. BELASCO & HARRIS
; ' CO... 541 Market st . — - • ¦ - '-
, FIRST-CLASS' talloress on good custom coats.
' 631V& Stevenson, st .. * . ' ¦'"¦'¦» •.'..--
; WANTED— Talloress on vests. . 604 - Merchant
i - st. -rocm' 15: . ¦-• ••¦ < " -. ¦ . ' '¦- '¦ ; '
r WANTED— Good machine operator. 1139 Mfs-
i -.slon st. •¦ : >-. ¦ - ... . / ../---; ¦'¦¦. ,'-->>..• ¦.' '»•• ';-i.-.\.\
" WANTED— Young girl for, light -housework and
. '< assist : with young child. 535 Frederick ..; st. . ".
} LADIES seriously wishing to marry send ad-
| ' dress and description. to Mrs.' Hertz. 706 Ellis.
GIRLS • from 15 : to IS years of age. < Apply ¦ at
j -once. 'AMES & HARRIS. 100 ' Sacramento st
I ¦,-¦....-'-*. ¦ - . -¦ . •¦•...;-¦ ~-
'¦' GIRLB wanted. : Bookblndery.' 536 - Clay, sf'l':
' CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
. ¦¦: received at Call; branch - offlce, 2200 .Flllmore.
- A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions .has been established at ,1036
• Valencia st '.-..
. V , HELP WANTED- -M ALES.
A— MURRAY & READY. . .V. ..Phone Main ES48
- .' Leading- Employment and" Labor Agents. .-'
. >:.... ....... WANT 7 A. M. MONDAY
..4283 men for different positions, . all parts of
. California,' Nevada, ¦ Arizona, $105 to .$20 and
found. ". -• ¦¦• :¦¦¦ ¦ ¦ ••¦ . -...•.... .- •
.• - :.. ...... ;'.. WE "SHIP MOKDAY...... ........
/ 60, teamsters, Ukiah, $2 day, free fare........
60 laborers. Ukiah, $2 day, free fare. ..........
'......IB. P. R. R. CO.'S OWN- WORK.... ...
.Los Angeles and Santa Barbara Division. -
125 laborers, section, steel, ballast, rock and
: other gangs. $1 75 to $2 50 day,' free fare.......
• FOR A NEW SAWMILL CO.. .......
10 more laborers to work in mills, yards and
woods, no ~ experience required, : steady = * Job
- year round, $35 to $65 and found, special re-
'. duced railroad rates '..¦...¦.;'.;.'.. .;.v.:..^v:..V...
• • 6 crosscut - sawyers, $35, free fare: sawyer,
teamsters, cant hook men,- setters and edger-
men, . $35, $40 and $45, $3 50 and $3 . day. saw-
mill company, Arizona, special reduced rail-,
:'road rates ......:...:........ ."..'....;..:.-.
S ............ MECHANICAL HELP ...•.......'..."
5 • more carpenters, . sawmill company . . . :
' .'."...".;•.....;... $60;and found
' Painter, plain work $40and found
9 blacksmiths, different country shops. $3 50
and J3*day; 4 ranch, blacksmiths, - $4'0 v and . $52
• and' found; .3 helpers '...' ......:;...
Q FOR A NEW MINE •••;"•
,6 muckers. $60; 6 laborers, surface work, $60;
•3 machine , miners, $90; 15 laborers, no ex-
1 perlence required,- for different : mines, $60,
$50., $34 and $30 and found......... ••
.%'..¦*..:-.... LABORERS— TEAMSTERS
- 6 more men. to handle grain. $2 60 !day; 4
laborers, San Mateo County, $52; 10 laborers,
quarry,. $2 day;, 10 laborers, pick and Bhovel,
• $27 50.- board-, and lodging; 150 laborers, city
and country, $1 75 and $2 day - ••••-•
FRUIT PICKERS— FARMS— DAIRIES
15 men and boys to pick and work in fruit,
$30; 27 haymakers, run mowers, $X 25 day,
• $175 day: 58, farmers, orchard and vineyard,
$26. $30 and $35; 15 milkers, $30 and $35; cheese
..maker; 7 stablemen and buggy washers, $o0,
i. $40 and $30 and found;, milk, wagon driver:
; delivery .' wagon driver ••••
HOTEL AND OTHER HELP— BUTCHERS.
All-around butcher, country shop, $o0; o
butchers, "packing house, slaughter and shop,
i $65, 150 and $30 and found; 9 ranch cooks, $2a
and $30; 4 cooks; haypress and harvest crews;
¦ 3 camp cocks, $35 and $45; 9 cooks. ' $30 to
$50; 17 waiters, $30 and $35; foreman baker
and 7 bakers, different places. JSO. $50 and
$40: vegetablemen, kitchen hands, etc. MLR-
RAY & READY. 631-636 Clay st. . -..•«-
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S 104 Geary st.
........FOR NEW RAILROAD WORK....:...
60 Teamsters; Ship to-night.. free fare..Truckee
50 Laborers.. Ship to-night.. free fare^.-Truckee
:¦ ¦ ¦ . ¦¦¦ . ¦ ¦'•¦ ' \ • . ¦ '
100 tunnelmeii. drillers and muckers.. $2, $2 50
For Chatsworth Park. .Ship to-night.. free fare
60 Laborers!.. ".Ballasting track.... Coast Road
' 50 Laborers, Santa Barbara & L. A. Divisions
¦ 'Ship to-night Free Fare.. Ship to-night
50 Teamsters, ship daily, free fare," Ukiah.. $2
60 Laborers,. ship daily, free fare,. Ukiah.... $2
'.......„.....-. MISCELLANEOUS .... •..!........
Gardener, good greenhouse man, country, $35
and found; mining . blacksmith, $3 a -day;
horseshoer, R. R. camp; $2 50 a day, free fare;
blacksmith helper, country $2 50; 6 laborers for
mine, $3 a day; 20 farmers, $1 and $f 25 a day;
10 milkers, $30; choremen, $20 and $25: German
grocery clerk and tend bar, $25, -see boss here.
HOTEL DEPARTMENT .......
' Lunchman, $50; baker and pastry cook, hotel.
$60; second cook and baker, resort; $50; second
.. cooks, fryers and broilers, $60 and $50; 6 bread
and cake bakers; 8 hotel waiters, . country, $30
and $25; dishwashers and. kitchen -hands. $30
: and $25; silver man, country hotel, $25 and
fare paid; 10 bellboys, $15 to $30; all-round
laundryman, summer resort, $30; polisher,
country, $35. '•; ¦' ¦ . „
C. R. HANSEN & CO .104 Geary st.
A— SUB-CONTRACTS to let for grading on
California and Northwestern Railway, above
Ukiah.' • For particulars address MUIR BROS.
6 MUIR, Ukiah. Cal., or C. R. HANSEN &
CO-.. 104 Geary at.. S. F. ' . '
A— WANTED^To hire. 20 teams suitable for
I railroad scraper work; $15 per month. Apply
to C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
•MILL and woodsmen for- California and Ari-
zona, $30 to $70 and board and $3 to $3 50 day;
milker and run separator, $35 and - found;
cheese maker. $37 50- and found; 5- milkers,
$30 and $35; farmers, $25, $30 and $135 and
$1 50 day; header wagon driver. $40 and found;
loader, $35 and found; farmer and -wife, $45;
man and wife, with school children;- chore-
men. $25 and $30, 'and others. J. F. CROSETT
&\CO., 628 Sacramento st.
2 COOKS and wives, ' $50 and $60; hotel cook,
$40 and - found ; cook, small resort. $30 and
found; porter and barkeeper, country, $20 and
£$22 50 and found; bedmaker, $1 day; vegetable
men, dishwashers and others. J. F. CROSETT
& CO.. 628 Sacramento- st. ' ' . "
WANTED— An" elderly man; must be good
penman; wages $10 per month. ANDRE, 316
. Stockton - st. ,--..,:. . ¦-.- .
WANTED at Master Bakers' Protective Asso-
ciation, - foreman, ' second and third bread
bakers; also confectioners; good pay; perma-
nent positions. 127 'Mason st ' "
A— HOTEL - GAZETTE, 26 Montgomery, room 12
- —Second and third cooks, . springs, $40 & $30.
JOURNEYMEN Barbers' International Union
meets to-night, 8:20, 32 O'Farrell .1. Less, Sec.
JOURNEYMEN Barbers' International Union—
Free employment. ¦¦ 927 Market st, room 207.
; I.. LESS,. Secretary; telephone Jessie 1176.
YOUNG . man wanted in paint shop to. learn
trade, aged about 16. Apply, between 7 and
¦ 9"a. m., - 533 • Mission St. • .- - .
SHOEMAN WANTED.
Large manufacturing house wants traveling
. man of experience to sell widely advertised
line of boots and shoes on commission; good
territory- Address, with references, box 2229,
Boston. Mass.. . •¦ '. . . - :
WANTED— Experienced and competent cutter
' for country! Apply REISS BROS. & CO.,
¦24 Suttv st' . . " .
PANTSMAKER . for country. Apply REISS
BROS. & CO., 24 Sutter st
.WANTEDr-Oold miners; steady work: $2 per
day and. board: Nevada. L. H. ROGERS,
•Grand Hotel. - ~ ,. " _ •
WANTED — First-class operators on cloaks and
suits. 1228 Market st. . ; .
WAITER wanted; good man for restaurant. -5
East et. '.;; . . . • -
"WANTED— 2 bootblacka. $10 per week each, at
Russ | House Baths, 217 Montgomery st.
SIGN painter wanted ai 783 Folsom st. ,
BARBER every afternoon. Saturday and Sun-
- day; wages $3. ¦ 1322 Stockton st. '
BARBER wanted^ steady. ' 519 Kearny st
. BOOTBLACK wanted at 1631 Polk st
WANTED— An underpresser on vests; good
wages; Iteady work. 956 Mission st."
ALL eizes men's shews, tligbtly damaged, half
price B62 Mission *?.. bet. 1st and 2d sts. .
SECOND on bread; good wages; short 'hours.
V 613 Kearny st.-- • • » "-.
¦ STRONG boy to ' help In bakery. 3116 Six-
teenth st.,, near Valencia.
PANTSMAKER wanted. 121 Post st. room D.
YOUNG man to ' work • in grocery store and
. drive delivery, wagon. 425 Third st.
WOOD turner wanted for Monday morning.
Pacific Planing Mills, /Berry st, near.'SJxth.
WANTED^-Practical gardener; work in nur-
sery. '215 Hayes st. ._ >.\-- •
GOOD shoemaker wanted.. Apply 1949 Mission
street.;; : -'.':.' -•;.. "¦•¦'•¦ ' . - '¦ ¦-.
•WANTED^-Men ' . to . learn ¦ barber trade; $60
monthly ' paid '. our i graduates ; ' two months
•'completes; more calls for- our barbers than
we. can' supply; tools presented ; wages Sat-
urdays; diplomas granted;: busy season now;
-call or write -for our special offer - to-day.
. MOLER BARBER COLLEGE, 635 Clay St. .
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to; know
that Ed J .Rolkln,': Reno House proprietor, still
• runs " Denver . House,- 217 Third st. ; :• 150 large
.. rooms:. 25c per night: $1 to $2 per week.
WANTED— Experienced • on ladles'
S wrappers: electric power: steady work;- good
pay. MARKS BROS.. 1212 Market St. , :
PENSION AGENT EDWARD A." BULLIS/
• - Past Commander Geo. v H. Thomas Post No. 2,
..G. A*R., room 40, Phelan. bldg., -806 Market
WE can give steady employment to 100 first-
class book canvassers. • WESTERN BOOK
.COMPANY, Fresno,. Cal. ; : .-*;.- ..
ALL are notified ¦ to "• redeem their . articles im-
mediately.^ aa I am going out of business.
. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant ave.
WANTED — Pressers on pants. : Apply, factory
of S. N. WOOD & CO.. 27 Geary st.
TWO Al furnishing ; goods "salesmen. ROOH
BROS. ,¦•-¦¦¦--¦ . -.¦-.-':
WANTED— Good co9k for country hotol ; : $50 a
¦ month. Apply 616 Clay St. • _-'•-• -.
BARBERS^Snap ; ¦ 2 - chairs : $10 week : other
• business; sell at .once. Room; A, MS Market.
WANTED— A"> cook for country family . board-
•-. Ing -house.- ¦Box- 3400; Call . office. -^ ¦¦_ ' • •
COMPETENT man to repair Wheeler & Wil-
.' son , eewing machines. '¦ 410V4 Mission st. . :
MAN to : solicit printing and advertising. : Ap-
¦ply 519 Filbert, st. - ,...;: ~\ .,'¦',
McDONALD & ' PERRY have 500 palrs'secorid-
'. : hand shoes for sale, 50c up.- '241 .Third st. ' -
WA NTED-^-500 men to ¦ buy new and 2nd-hana
, .army; shoes. '$!¦ up; soling 20c up. 923 Howard.
MEN '. to : learn barber trade ; [ catalogue ' mailed
: free. ; S. ; F. , Barber School; 741A Howard at.
AT. cash prices for $1 per. week, men's suits to
-.;• order. ; NEUHAUS & CO..:115 Keamy ¦__, S:
PENSIONS^-J.- H.-'SHEPARD & CO.. V attys..
Hearst bldg., . Third and • Market, room - 316.
¦-^^^^^AWTEj^MALE^^M. " _|_ /.
WANTED— Recruits for ' the marine corps, U.
• S.,Navy; able-bodied, unmarried men of good
. character, between the ages ot 2J. and 35; not
less than 5 feet 4 inches and not over 6 feet 1
inch, able to readand speak. English. For
further information apply to the .' Recruiting
Office.. 40 Ellis st.. San ¦ Francisco.
WANTED— Three or four chair oak wood
modern barber's outfit or part thereof; must
be-in first-class condition. Address "Bar-
•ber." box 3338. Call office. . :
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting: 25c
-to 50c. 563 Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st.near.Mar-
ket-r70O rooms. 25c night; reading-rooms; free
¦ 'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been • established at 1096.
¦ Valencia st. ' ; •¦.--' .'• . ¦ '
CLASSIFIED advertisements and itubscriptlons
received at Call hranch rfflrr. gOO Flllmore st
• . HORSES AXD WAGONS.' _ '
40' HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies.
carts. . harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market
til Sixth st; 'auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN. _ DOYLE. Auctioneers. -
S. F. VETERINARY College will commence Its
- Sd- session June 10. Catalogue -by applying to
. M. L. Paacoast Sec. B10 Golden Gate ave.
FOR sale — 2 good horses, cheap; also 1 icebox:
large. .6935 Mission st. opposite -Ocean View.
40 HEAD work and driving horses. 721 How-
¦ ard» «f - ; . * .. " .'.
ALL "kinds of ¦ camping wagons, buggies, sur-
reys and . carts. _.1634 Mission st • " .'.
ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, harness,
etc.. cheap. EGAN & SON. 2117 Mission st.
AN A No. 1 express wagon, single, also light
' ramping wagon, for >ale cheap. KS2 Mission.
• HORSES WANTED: •
HORSES wanted to work on scraper Job; four
or five months' work. Apply at 26 Montgomery
gt. room 25. ¦ * ¦ ¦ ¦ .
. Wi HOUSES TO LET.
A— PRINTED LIST Houses to let: send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
HOUSE 7 rooms; 109 Rose ave., between Gough
and' Octavia. Halght and Page sta; rent
$17 50/ Apply 244 Stevenson st . ' • •
HOUSE, 6 large rooms; yard; basement. Apply
1222 Stelner st, cor. Eddy; modern impts.
6 ROOMS and bath; 14 Reed St.; yard and base-
menfr; $15... Apply 1325 Washington, st
HOUSES. TO LET— FURNISHED.
BUSH. 2104-Elega-ntly furnished house. 10
rooms, very reasonable, for 6 months only.
¦ LOST AND FOUND.
LOST— In district between Park Panhandle,
Jackson st, Lyon and Larkin sts., June 2,
lady's blue enamel watch with fleur de 11s
• pin; reward for return to Call business
; office. E. W. SCOTT. -
LOST— Passing to the creek boat Garden City,
near P. O. building, a gold specimen stick-
pin. Finder will receive liberal reward by
leaving at 33 Geary st. " - -
LOST— A passbook with the Hlbemia Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco, in th»
name of ZITA B. WHITTEMORB, No." 230-
932. The finder will please return to bank. '
-LOST — On Oakland ferryboat 10 ». -m.. Sun-
. day, child's coat. Reward 1507 Folsom st
LOST— A fishing boat: from Long Bridge;
finder will receive- $5 reward. Apply at H.
BENSEN, Sixth and Bryant sts.
LOST — Puppy dog. black field spaniel, five
months old.- Return to 3214 -Jackson st. and
receive. reward. ¦ • . . .
LOST— Gold/ quartz fob and locket: Initialed
. -M. S. Return to Beach Tavern, Ocean Beach,
. .and receive liberal reward. m;..V-'.
,LOST— Yorkshire dog; female. Return to H.
DANERI, 811 Howard It,; reward.
ALL are notified to redeem their articles im-
mediately, as I am going out of business.
UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant ave.
Wanted— Old gold for manufacturing. O. Nolte,
Jeweler, 243 O'Farrell, bet. Powell and Mason.
ij ! MATTRESSES AND PILLOWS.
.TO order;. also cleaned and sterilized; uphol-
j ftery; Al carpet cleaning; honest work guar-
- anteed. HOPKE BROS.. 318-320 Eleventh st:
telephone South 792. ¦ - ¦
MEDICAL. ~~ ~
A— RENOWNED specialist; those who desire to
obtain results promptly; I treat ladies only;
my regulator has no equal; all classes of fe-
male complaints relieved by treatment su-
. . perior to all others; the only t.-eatment that
. helps the unfortunate; the most obstinate
" cases are immediately relieved without pain;,
no other treatment will do this; the most dif-
ficult cases treated: scientific methods guar-
anteed. DR. G. W. O'DONNELL. 1013 Market.
HINDOHERB home treatment; the most won-
derful, simple, sure remedies ever known for
indigestion, tapeworm, neuralgia, leucorrhea.
gonorrhea, eczema, scrofula, syphilis and all
troubles of male and female sexual organs;
treat yourself; be your own doctor; 4 months'
suppository treatment, $4; send stamp for
circulars. 1126 Market st. S. F.. Cal.
A TREATMENT that is guaranteed to give in-
stant relief for all female complaints: th«
longest and most obstinate case? immediately
relieved without • pain: travelers helped; no
delay; consult free. MRS. DR. KOHL. 1123
Market, bet. Mason and Taylor, opp. Hale's.
DR. AND MRS. DA VIES. 1228 Market, ladies'
Fpeclallsts; 32 years' practice; all cases treated
• by our wonderful herb remedy: a reliable
. treatment, superior to any. other; positive cure
guaranteed at office; patients treated can re-
turn same day: harmless: consultation free.
DR. and MRS. GOODWIN. 1033 Market, bet.
Cth & 7th— Expert specialists; well known and
reliable ;25 yrs experience; treatment guarnt'd
togive instant relief from all female troubles;
avoid Incompetent specialists: consult free:
A POSITIVE cure guaranteed 'in all -female
complaints or money returned; my regulator
never falls: the. most- obstinate cases relieved
without pain: b««t cure: fe<» low; consult free.
MRS. DR. ALLEN. 1113 Market, nr. Magon.
MRS. DR. WTETH. reliable specialist: 26 yrm.
successful practice;- guaranteed treatment at
• office: any ailment: home before and during
confinement 9« Post, bet Hyde and. Larkln.
ALL are notified to redeem their articles lrti-
rvo'l««tMy. »» I -am going out of business.
UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant ave. •
DR. -POPPER, female specialist: no pills or
. T"«"H"lr'" n«ed 1-jH TlttHwilf^ «t. ny fj^nr r.
MIXES AND MINING..
A MINING man holding working bond on good
mining "property will dispose of all or an
interest en reasonable terms. Box 3392. Call.
.DIVIDEND paying mining stocks at 3c. 5c and
' 10c per sTiare; send for prospectus. • Pacific
States Mining and Investment Co. 32S Post st
WANTED — Good * smelting, ores near railroad
by parties, who will erect" smelting /plant.
Box 3393, Call office. • . •
WELL developed paying Alaska mines: ex-
change for property ot business. 303H Turk.
.... _ MINING .AND ASSAYING. ¦
MINING men and others are invited to exam-
ine the Dean-Oviatt ore roaster | and desul-
phurizer; saves all products; shares for sale
¦ 321 Phelan building, S. F. . ... , , .. .'' •
SlISCELLANCOCS— FOR SALI_~
BOILERS. • engines. 2d-hand machinery/^Mo^
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont st
BARS, back bars, mirrors, restaurant and po-
ker tables, barroom chairs, linoleum, new and
second-hand; we always have a large stuck of
saloon outfits on. hand; 32 complete outfits on
one -floor, ready made; we can ship everything
In 24 hours. J. NOON AN. 1017. 1019 1021 1023
Mission st. above Sixth; write for catalogue.
A— 15-horsepower Herre<«hoff compound steam
launch: 20 ft. long:* 7 ft. beam; in perfect or-
der; cost $5000; price $1500. i UNITED EN^
GIXEERING WORKS." 256 Spear st. . *X*-_
A-4-SIDED. 3-sldcd; 2-stded. 1-slded sticker-
all in good order; cheap. • H.^S WHITE'
516 Mission St. -¦ .. .•".;_
A— BUYS sells cr rents gear machinery. ' en-
gines, boiler?, water pipes, shafting pu leys
etc. WHITELAW. 216 Sp^ar st vu . ueT^\
FOR , SA A LE T A No-' 1 fresh family cow and
. calf. .Apply 4126 Seventeenth , st, near Dla-
mon. y - ' . . -. '
ALL are notified to redeem their artlcfes Im-
LNCLE HARRIS, loi Grant ave. .<
FOR _ sale— Horseshoeing tools and stock-
• . 5°od business: rent cheap- owner -oing to
Nome. Address. Box 2249., Call. Oakland.-
A r* 3 5?_pERBY and Fedora hats, $175. Popu-
lar Price- Hatters. 330 Kearny st. near Pine.
F J££~? ult8 - * 10: dre » s P-nts. $2 75. -MISFIT
. CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery st.
8^°^?" HAND m - ch «n»nr of all , kinds
, WH^E.'^Mis^n:^ d '" h ' n *'* ¦ H- t.
NEW Singer sewing machine; 5 drawers; oak;
complete; cheap. 1S15 Mission st, near 15th!
CHEAP— A No. 7 range; good condition; must
: be sold : leaving city. 1535 Masonic ave.^ -.
MANUFACTURING Slant.' 3 months lu use;
• must be sold at once. 2320 Market ¦ st . « -
READ -THE -RAVEN." ¦ U. C. . prize - stories.
For gale by all dealers. : ¦ ; /'¦:.•
FOR sale- 1 striped tent; S ft. wall; UxlS; bar-
.• gain. -114 Eighth st . •.'¦¦•
MISCELLANEOUS FOR SALE— Con.
FAIRBANK'S 10-ton hay scale: Jeweler's ste»l
lined safe, serf ect < order. itlS st
$48. 10il2 "UNIVERS AX. outfit, new; $32 SO. 109
Montgomery st<;' -f iff.' ¦ ¦
30 H. P.. .steam enelne.. stationary: 3 H. p..
gasoline enslr.e, marine.. S5 Fremont st
GASOLINE ens-ines,' 2d-h_nd, and other ma-
chinery bought and sold. 'Epstein. .633 Mission.
Gasoline or distillate, engines, new & 2d-hand;
all sizes; guaranteed. NEWELL.- 56 Blaxome.
FIRST-CLASS second-hand modern engine, and
boilers bought and sold. KROOH ; MFO. CO.
WE pay big prices for sealskins.- 'Pprtlaad
Loan Office. 25 Stockton st. ¦ »*trM
MAGlC lanterns, new and 2d hand moving pic-
' tures. BULLARD & BP.ECK, 131 Post st.
ENGINES and boilers; second-hand machinery. '
J. BURKE. 139 Beale st.
SAFEST — New and second hand. THE HER-
MAN SAFE CO..- 417-423 Sacramento at.
SAFES— New and second-hand: all sizes. THB
WALTZ SAFE. 109-111 Market st. San Fran.
MISCELLANEOUS W4«TS.
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 154 Ninth; tel. Folsom 2___
WANTED— 2d-hand upright piano or organ for
¦ cash. H. L. WHITEH-AD. 1708 Market St.
/ JlO.VEr TO LOAN.
¦ A^MONEY^o loan at rates which people'can
- afford to pay on furniture, pianos, etc.- do
. not borrow of your friends or you will loso
'. their friendship; do business with strangers
and you will be better satisfied; no delay no
publicity. . Rooms 9 and 10, 306 Market it.
IF YOUR PROPERTY ~~~ '
\ '• -.- IS MORTGAGED
and you need more mon«y> see H. MURPHY
630 Market st Loans on estates In probate'
undivided Interests In estates, second mort-
gages, etc. • - . .
ANY proposition, any amount; 6 per cent; first,
second mortgages, estates In probate, interest
In estates, legacies; corporation loans, chattel
mortgages and securities. Room 16. 1st floor
Chronicle building. HALLORAN & OLSBn!
ANY amount at 6%"; first. .Sd. and 3d mort-
gages, undivided Interest real estate in pro- : '
bate; mortgages and legacies bought; no do- •
lay; get my terms before doing business else-
where. R. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery, r. JL
HIGHLY respectable, private place to obtrln
liberal advances on diamonds, jewelry at l-.»-
. est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Stofe, 84S Market
ct; tel. Main 1S44. Branch 19 Third st.
LOWEST rates on furniture, etc., by private
party; no removal; no commission; confiden-
tial. Room 3. Conservatory bids.. 301 Jones.
ON furniture, pianos; no removal; money
quick; lowest Interest: easy terms; no. broker-
. age; reliable party. 1170 Market st. room S3.
MOST reliable place to borrow .on diamonds. '
watches. Jewelry. "W. J. HESTHAL. 10 Sixth;
highest price for old gold, silver, diamonds.
ONE per cent on furniture: $5 a month on each
J1CC0; any security. 302 Montgomery st, r. 1.
MONEY loaned -salaried people without secur-
ity.* HILL, r. 44. Merchants* Ex.. 431 Califnia,
LOANS money on salary; no indorssr; Eastern
. plan. Western Loan Co.. 309 Phelan Bldg. -
DEAL direct; furniture, pianos; no- removal:
low rate: strictly private. Lick. 116 McAllister.
3% on furniture and pianos: $15 up: no removal:
no commission; private. Room 81. S Eddy st.
ON ralaries or wages: no lndorser required. S.
F. DISCOUNT AGENCY. 143 Phelan building.
$100,000 TO loan on real estate or for oulldins;
low rate. 222 Sansoma gt.. room 2.
THE Tousley Company; loans and discounts.
821 Parrott bnlldlng. . ¦ . •
CASH loaned to salaried people on note without
indoraer. MORRKLL. 609 Examiner building.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
A MODERN piano factory Is at your disposal
to have your piano thoroughly overhauled
. by first-class workmen In every department;
yon can have it repaired while you are away
- for the summer, tuned, tone regulated, pol-
ished and delivered to you on your return:
you ¦ pay no more to have it repaired in th»
factory than you would have In some small
shop,- and have the advantage of skilled
men In every department: we. Invite you to
Inspect the factory. BYRON MAUZY SOS-
310-312 Post st.. sole acrent. Sohmer. Byrcn
Mauzy. Gabler. Hamilton * & Spielmann
, pianos. -_. ; _ ' •'
TO keep up our reputation aa a "bargain
house" we offer to-day:
A small rosewood" French upright for ft*
A fine walnut Gibson upris-ht for ,$150
A fine walnut Arlington upright for.. -,.'.$150
A fine walnut Decker .upright for $250
Squares for $65. $75. *10O, $123. $1501 • ¦
Wlllard. Smith & Barnes. Baumeister and
Decker & Son pianos at special prices — we do
not allow anyone to undersell us. Easy terms .
and long guarantees.. THE ZEXO MAUVAIS
MUSIC COMPANY,. 769 Market st.
ALL uprights lowest prices and easiest terms.
1 Novella $K« 2 Chlckerings (like
1 Heine baby grand I new) S20O
(like new) J323I 1 Hallet-Davts $403
1 Stelnway $1S5 1 2 Heines $315 up*
And fifty others: rents $2 up allowed on pur-
¦ chase. We handle all makes. Agents for fa-
mous Hallet-Davls-Halne. etc. ; agents want-
ed: live salesman wanted: big salary right
man. HEINE PIAXO CO.. 217 Geary St.
ALL pianos purchased of SHERMAN. CLAY
& CO. may be exchanged for a new Stelnway
.upright or baby "grand piano any time within
Z years from date of purchase, and have full
price allowed. New upright pianos. SS per
• month; some good pianos sold for t3. $4 and
J3 per month. SHERMAN. ¦ CLAY & CO..
Pteinway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
*ts. San Francisco: corner Broadway and
Thlrte»nth st." Oakland. " •
RKMOVAL of KEEFFIT3 piano store from
Market st. to our large and elegant quarters.
814. Post st. opposite Union square. Are now
prepared to offer several new makes and all
of our old stock at greatly » reduced prices.
JAS. KEEFFE. 314 Post st. between Stock-
ton and Powell. • ¦
ANY piano sold by us taken' back any time
within 3 years and full purchase price al-
lowed en a new peerless Knabe at regular
price; costs yoji only ,20c a day to 1 buy a
' piano from us. KCHLKR & CHASE. 30
P'Farrell st: established 1850.
A LIST of line second-hand bargains^ — t Emer-
son, 1 Hallet & Davis. 1 Conover. 1 Curtaz. I
Fterllng. $75. $125; $143, etc. ; easy payments.
• - BEXJ. CURTAZ A SOX. 16 O'Farrell st.
Chickering. Vose, Sterling Agency; also
I . Apollo, klnc of self-players.
BARGAIN?— Good Gilbert upright piano for
$60; also lady going East sacrifices her ele-
gant upright piano, walnut case, standard
make, for $175, at Dewlng's, room 10, Flood
building.
BARGAIN?— Clearance sale bargains; uorleht
pianos, $75 and upward; Steinway. Knabe.
Emerson. Hartmnn and,, others; squares $10
. up. BRUF,NN. 208 Post\st.
DON'T buy pianos at Wilson's Storage. 1701
. Market st, befcause It's tinfalr to sell pianos
so cheap: they are slaughtering. prices.
FINE standard upright piano; also paintings*
Facriflce; leaving city. 736 .O'Farrell st." ;
AN uprlsrht piano: must be sold: owner leav-.
lp«r. HORXTJXG. 218 McAllister »t
CLOSING- out stock of pianos; prices reduced
one-half. , W. C. HAMILTON. 8 Flood bldg.
LUDWIG . pianos the most popular. WILEY B.
ALLEN CO..' general agents. 933 Market st ¦
$3 PFR month rents a beautiful piano. SCOTT-
, CURTAZ PIANO CO.. £69 Hayes st.
$117— MAHOGANY case Fischer upright, 217
¦ Ceary.st. room 33. • . •
A SMALL Chlrkerlng upright. $125; 6 uprights. J
second-handed, your choice at $110. 211 Geary.
AT WILSON'S Storage. 1708 Market st." you
- can. get storage pianos almost for a song.
BARGAIN— Must be sold; nice upright piano.
. ' SCHMITZ. 18 McAllister, next Hlbernla Bank.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
Mrr.T.FB. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
. OFFICES. AXD STORKS TO LET. ".
SAN POME. 804— Handsome large store; reduced
to $8 per month. -. •¦
EMMA SPRECKELS building. 927 Market st—
Sunny- offices. $15 to J20: usual service*. V
_______ ____________ ___
BEST oil land in the State; enormous produc-
ers around us; a* fortune In our stock; w«
know it. will prove It. by giving you negotla-
- ble bond; bears S percent int-vest: guarantees
. your stock against any loss; you can't lose;
gilt edge references; call, write. Investigate.
Paxton Gold Bond Oil Ct., 313 Kearny >t
___ — _ . — , . , ¦ ¦ — . *
CALISTOGA Oil and Development Company:
operating on 2130 acres ot oil, land In ntna
' districts. Oflice. 23 and 24 Merchants' Ex.
COSTA RICA— Last chance at 10c; big advanca
In a few days. Pacific States Mining and In-
vestment Co.. ' 328 Post Open evenings.
OIL ' tanks. • second-hand, "in 'good order; all
>l»e»: -cheap. H. S. WHTTF-. M« Mission st.
OIL LANDS. • -'•;• * ) -
OTL lands for tale or lease In all parts of the
State. We can furnish you with. lands In the
' best localities. It you are looking for lands
or wish to Invest in stocks of the. leading oil
companies' call on us befor* trohnr elsewhere.
PTTFA * PF.TKRPON. 301 Kxftminer bnlldlng.
" I^HYSICIANS . AXpt STgRGEONai--
DR. C. cTo'DONNEi—^Cifflce and residence. 1
1021 Market .it, . betwgen Sixth and Seventh. /
DR: "WONG HIM./ herb doctor, successfully/
. treats all diseases .Of • the human body; se<j
".testimonials- at' ef See. 113-117 Mason, nr. ElUaWeather Report.
¦ - SAN FRANCISCO, June' 2—5 p. m.
"The • following maximum .temperatures were
reported from stations in California to-day:
Eureka ...'...... ......56 Los Angeles .........64
San Francisco ..... .64 Sacramento 88
Independence ........S3 San Luis Oblspo....70
Red Bluff .. 90 San Diego ..;... .....62
Fresno 94 : : . - ' .
San Francisco data: .Maximum temperature
64; minimum, 50; mean, 57.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL.
FORECAST.
Generally | cloudy ' and threatening weather
prevails over ' Washington, ' Idaho, \ Montana,
Arizona and the ! extreme southern portion of
California; elsewhere on the Pacific Slope fair
weather prevails. Light rain has fallen in
Washington, . Idaho and Montana : and light
sprinkles on the Southern ; California coast.
The pressure has .risen over- the - Rocky
Mountain region- and fallen In other districts.
An area of ; high pressure Is central off the
Washington • coast and areas of low ; pressure
over Arizona and Southern California and in
North Dakota. .-'-.- ...-• - • •-• ¦-• - . ¦ .;
• The temperature has fallen decidedly In IdaV
ho and remained ' nearly stationary in other
districts. In the valleys of California the
temperature ranged ' in the vicinity of 90 de-.
grees. .'.-.-• .-¦ - ¦ - :'. ' •-- , ¦--: -. . • ,
Forecast made at San Francisco for' thirty'
hours, ending midnight, • June 3, > 1901: .
'Northern California— Fair ' Monday; 'contin
ued warm weather In . the . interior; fresh
northwest wind. " ¦ . . • -.¦• -
J Southern California— Partly cloudy and some
what: threatening; / probably showers on the
coast and in the mountains; fresh, west wind.
Nevada— Fair Monday ; fresh northerly wind;
• Utah— Partly cloudy and .unsettled weather;
probably showers ; fresh northwest wind.
Arizona— Cloudy ; <: probably with showers;
light southerly wind. '.
'San Francisco and vicinity— Fair.. Monday;
fresh northwest wind. V G. " H. i WILLSON, •
¦ :"¦.; *¦.-¦¦¦* Local » Forecast ' Of flclal. :
HOTEL ARBIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL.
W.H Kelly, Antioch
Miss M E Kelly. Watt,
Miss M j Morrissey, Wat
S L Howe, Sacto .
W Stanford & w. Oak
L W Seeley, Belvedere
Mrs E McCudden Vail
Miss Sanford; Vallejo
E Holmes, S Jose
W A Jewett; N Y '
C E Stevens, Boston
Mrs J F Goddard, N Y
Miss Goddard, N Y
F Goddard, N Y :
G Fosser, Portland !
E Gilbert, Colorado
R E White, Spokane .
ME Raunbell & w,
¦ t5t Louis
L H Bartlett. Boston
D J W^olff, Sacto
G M Isley, Sacto
Mrs J H McLeod, Cal
L H Rogers, Cleveland
H H Spencer, Ogden '
G A Selnoter, Denver
W S Lewis.. Cal
C P Steuart & w. Mo
HL Achilles & w, Ha-
I wail
Mrs M Margetts, Ha
waii ' • - - '
MreH J Whitney. Cal
S W Van Syckel, N J
Dr J Hadsell, Minn
R S Fisher, Stanford
M>A Folsom, • Spokane
J Rennie. Toronto ..* ¦'
J L Bryan, Cal * ', ":-'.
M R-Kane, Cal . '
P F Simonds, Cal
Lieut & Mrs R F Gard
ner, U - S A .
Mrs R F Gardner. Cal
W H Arnold, N Y
J F Brooks, S Diego
A Bull, Lob Ang
S M Kennedy. L Ang
Mrs G L Hardison, LA
Miss L Nordyke, L An
J.Mayer, Downievllle
L Chisholm, Pasadena
B Barmer, w &" ch,
Cal
R Lawsen,' Stocktop ..
J H Smith, Stockton -
J H Edwarde, Cal i '
J F McCary, Cal
J H Wallace, Cal ;
M Glaister & w, Cal
C Gulling, Reno
W ! Schaw & ' w, « Sacto
Dr L E . Cross, Stkton
G W Peltier & w, Sact
A Riley. St Joseph.
S H Cullen, Williams
K H Harlow & w,
' Santa Fe , ' . ,
J M Day, Los Ang
E C Smith, Eugene
I S Jameson, Colusa
PALACE HOTEL.
E Carroll & w, StLouis
S Frank, New York
W J LeeJ,- San Jose
A C Bunnough, Vallejo
TL Ely. Los Ang
Mrs O Hodgklns, Bostn
F C Lusk,- Chlco ' • • -
A B Cohn, St Joseph'
J W Engle. Qulncy
J Dentz Jr & w, Mex
H P King, Baltimore
Baron. L Ambrozy, D C
Hon E A Moseley DC
W H Connelly, DC
C Bingham, DC
C B Dewiea, Sacto .
H E Lesan. St Louis
R J Stanton, Chicago
Mrs F McLaughlin. Cal
Miss A McLaughlin. Cal
Mrs Lamotte. Bremen
Mra Lunqushauser.-Ger
Miss Hilderbrand, Ger
C Dunphy, Mllbrae .
F W Henshaw, Oaklnd
W P Scannell. Oakland
C Nielson. • New York \
M Leopold. Chicago
M Velitchke, NY
A Holmes, New York
F H Hartwell. Ky
R T Pelton, NY
EH Cox, -Madera
H de Eildt. DC '
J DCarr, Salinas v
J F Dickenson & w,Ga
S P. Cfcnnon, 'ITenn -
J F Stewart & w. Cal
H Lendley,' Oregon ¦
C F Kohl, Phila -
NEW WESTERN HOTEL:
E E Graham, Denver-'
M Varaaza, Sta Cruz
J F Billings & w. Cal
T J McGaff ry, Sta Crz
J Walsh. New York
J F Cook. New York
S W Mitchell, Sn Jose
P Konan, Mass
S C Holmes, N Y
W Strong, Cleveland
E T Hutcheson. 1 Texa»
E F Westman, Denver
L W Snyder,.N Y
J Broder, . Torrlngton
P Vernon, Providence '
P Wehrli, Mo'
J Schrantz. Mo
J J. Buchanan, Sacto
THE SAN FRA^CISCOSCALIi r $>MQNDAY, JUNES, 1901;
9
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for . tl. ¦ . i
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city cr . country. PACIFIC, COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery St.. rooms 9-19: tel. 5580.
ALL kinds bought,- sold and repairing guaran-
teed. Charles Plarr.beck. 1915 Mission, nr. 15th.
SECOND-HAND machines, all makes at. al-
most any price you want to jtay; all kinds
rented J2 mo. 143 Sixth St.; phone. Mint 10.
SK WISU MAC1UXKS AXIJ SUJ'l'LIES.
ALL kinds bought. Bold,. rented, exchanged, re-
paired; open, even.; phone Black 1124. 2C5 4th.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Movine Co.,
i office Post^and Powell As.; tel. Main 6713.
STOU^UK AXI) WAIIKHOUSES.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co., 722 Mission St.;
tel. Main IS 10; shipping at cut rates.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany, 2320 FUlmore st.; phone Jackson 281.
GOLDEN ,'WEST Storage Warehouse, 840 Mis-
sion st. : tel. Mint 1821. F. W. ZEHFUSB. ¦
WANTED to rent— Four months, house eight
I rooms, Santa Cruz • Mountains, near coast;
' dally mall; all kinds fruit: ' nice vegetable
' garden ready for use; family just vacated;
plenty wood, water; can. keep horse; -every-
thing; entire season, $10. Address or call and
Bee (narrow-gauge, Fulton) JAS. KILGOUE,
• Bonny Doon. Cal. ¦ ¦ ¦ -•• ' -^ \ -;
TO LEASE.
house in the city; rentals, $3. The Typewriter
Exchange, C36 California; telephone Main 266.
G^EAT^ARGAINS IlTTYPEWRITER^-We
sell better machines for less money than any
TYPEWRITERS AND SUPPLIES.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND NOTICE-The Giant Powder Com-
pany, Consolidated — A dividend, .No. SO, of
seventy-five cents (75c) per share, on the Is-
sued capital stock of the company has 'been
declared, payable ' at the office ot ' the com-
pany, 430 California St., Ban •• Francisco, on
June 10, 1901; transfer books close: June 3,
1901. at noon. A. A. SPARKS. Secretary.
. ¦ cy Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 9 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 1812 Seventh street, thence to St. .Pat-
rick's Church, where a solemn requiem mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
commencing . at 9:30 o'clock.' Interment St.
Mary's Cemetery, Oakland. . s
"WATSON— In the City and County Hospital;
May 31, 1901. James D. L. Watson, a native
or England, aged 31 years.
WIENSINGER— In this city, June 2, 1901.
John Wienslnger, dearly beloved husband of
BaJ>ette Wienslnger.- and brother of Maria
Wlensinger, a native . of Austria, - aged 49
years 2 months and, 9 days.,
(CFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Wednes-
day, June E, 1901. at 9 o'clock, at the Chapel
. of.- St. Joseph's Home, corner of Park Road
avenue and Baker streets, where a • solemn
requiem high mass will be celebrated for the
repose of his : bouI, commencing at 9 o'clock.'
Interment Holy Crfcss Cemetery; " .'
YOUNG— In this city. June 2. 1901, Annie W.,
; beloved wife of Carlos G. Young, and mother
of Leah S. and Minnie H. Young, and sister
of Mrs. Elizabeth Bisbee and Lewis and Ben
Williams, aged 51 years. . ' ".
• ICT Notice of funeral -hereafter. \
•- (E^Funeral private, .' Wednesday, 1 "June ,¦ S,
•1901,' at 10 o'clock, " from the funeral parlors
of Theodor - Dierks. 957 Mission ' street, be-
• tween Fifth and Sixth. Interment* Masonic
Cemetery. . V . ¦ . . '
RENDICH—In this city/. June 1, 190i; Nicola
Rendich, a' native of San Pietro Brazza, Dal-
. matla. Austria, . aged fiO years. .-.-.'¦ • . .;-
; ¦'¦ . IT^Friends and acquaintances are' .respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
p (Tuesday), at ¦ 2:30 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors of McGinn & Hansen, 214 Eddy street
STEWART— In Mill Valley, Cal.. June 2. 1901.
Jeannette. daughter of Jane M. and the late
John W. Stewart, p. native of San Francisco.
IC^Friends are respectfully Invited . to at-
tend the funeral services this day (Monday),
at 12 o'clock, at the residence of F. F. Bost-
¦ wick. Mill Valley, Cal. -....-
SMITH— In the City and County Hospital,
June 2, 1901, James Smith, a native of Scot-
• land, aged 63 years.* . •
SMITH— In : Oakland,\ June 1, 1901,' Jane, Toe-'
; ' loved wife of i Daniel Smith, and mother of
. William, • Robert, • Alice. Bertha and Katie
Smith, Mrs. C. Roach, Mrs. L. Fossland,
Mrs. ,H. Foster and Mrs. C. Cheeks, a native
of Ireland, aged 65 years. ¦ •
James Puttock and Mrs. : A. A. .Thorpe,' a na-
tive of Petworth, near Gillford, Sussex, Eng-
\- ; land." aged 55 years 4 months and 1 day." 1 :-?- >}
¦•* CTFriends and . acquaintances are respect-
1 fully Invited" to attend the'funeral Wednes-
- day. June 5, 1901. at '11 o'clock, from his late
residence. 1603 California street. Interment
¦ Cypress t^awn- Cemetery. V >; ;*'-'. * J ¦
RADLOFF— In this city, June 2, 1901, I>udwlg,
¦beloved -husband :of Bertha - Radloft, : and
father • of Otto,". Herman, • Oscar ; and ¦ Ernest
IRadloff and Mrs. - P. • Thornberg, - a native of
Germany, aged ,62 years 2 months and ; 22
• days. A member of . Gesellschaf t ,Teutonla. tt
PAINTERS 'AND 'DECORATORS..
VE iKJper rarlcrs cr rooro^ from S3 up; pqfnt-'
ing done. 315 Third Et.,-JI§«man. Paint Co.. ! ' i
mmm ¦ — ' — ' t y ¦— ¦ ' .
WALL paper, Ti-Sndox^- ; f?tJati^s:*roon;s' pauered.
1$ up. Jensen & Bath. »5S' Sixth; Opes even.
PAPER-HANGINCC r f)?usi> twrhtlnfir: pood rell-
¦ ble work. Clarify. La'rfciTitlp'..- Larkin 1C60. .
AUIISTRY.
». JKP.OME FOPSELLl.- scientific palm"lstf*3li
Taylor s<i,i»j«t; Otaryand Post; tfl. Black 561.
miS^^AMBi-Tfecientiil;. palmist and character
rc-aftlng: lessons in Claris and private. 617 Jones.
•¦ilRS. Y*M. McMANUS. scientific palmist. 1149
Market. 10 to 6; residence 731 Guerrero st.
MSfn GERMAINE. the business palmist of th«
»»*rlnc Coast. 90« Market st. • ' . .-
•% PnVSIOGXOMY.
SCIENTIFIC delineations of character by face
or photo. Mary O. Ktanton. 810 Leavenworth:
verbal read's, tt; printed chart. 12 60; lessons.
— — _____ _ _-
lit-.t-T ca eartb — Iilo3«l ix>isoi. ttchinx. ekln
else a sep. rheuma:lsm. piles, catarrh, s_y dis-
ease that doctors and old remedies have
1 ailed. We guarantee to cure cure. Call or
write lor full information to the old reliable
King Liniment Medicine Co.. permanently
located ™8 Montgomery rt.. room 22. third
floor. DRS. KING and JONES.
A— IF your hair is falling or you are bald, call
en DR. G. B. MOORE. 4S8 Geary Et.. and you
will not be disappointed; this remedy is posi-
tively truaranteed: preparation sent to all
parts of th« world; call or send for circular. •
CIGARETTE and tobacco habit cured at
heme: J5; valuable Inlormation for liquor,
morphine, opium, all drug habitn. MRS.
WILLIAMS. 1S89 Polk gt.. San Francisco.
A.VOMAN on exhibition, old and wrinkled on
one side cf face, othrt- side made emooth and
youthful by expert specialist in charge. Call
y. Y. Inst. Dermatology. IPS Ellis, r. 20-21 S- F-
ELECTRIC llsht In every room— Winchester
Hotel. 44 Third St.. near Market: 700 rooms:
rr.c to tl 60 per night; tl f0 to 55 per week;
free 'bus .and baggage to nnd from the ferry.
11 WEEKLY— Suits to order from genuine
Bcctch. $15 up; fine dress fulw. {20 up; ole-
trant overcoats. $15 up. LEON LEMOS. 1UI
Market rt.. between Seventh and Eighth.
WHITE enamel Iron beds, single, three-quarter
or double. 12 25. EASTERN OUTFITTING
CO.. 1210-1312 Stockton St.. near Broadway.
Ladles' and gents' cast-off clothing bought and
¦ sold. J. ¦Sllveraan. 984 Folsom: teUolsom 1UL
LADIES" tailor raits made to order: reasonable.
B. KRAMER, Ladles' Tailor. 220 Powell et.
TAILOR made suite. $7 50: drees pants. $2 SO.
' Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
Dr. Dunton; diseases of men only: sanitarium
CS9 Clay St., cor. Kearny: consultation free.
EPRING Etvleo . Standard patterns now ready.
"Domestic" office. 1021 Market tt.. nr. Sixth.
Dr. Harriet Welch, 2115 Bush: hours 2 to 3. ex-
cept Th. and Sat.: electrolysis: 17 years'exper.
OLD cold, silver, diamonds and precious etones
bought. J. R. JENKEL. S17 Market et.
ALFTIEDTTMS Esyptlan Henna: restores gray
. hair to Us natural color: $1; at all druggists.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mkt.
SUPERFLUOUS hatr and moles destroyed with
electric needle. MISS EATON. 1119 Sutter st.
DR. LAMOTTE*S French Corn Paint, the best
corn cure: _c: all druggists. ¦ ..
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call; 16 pas^es, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for Sli
postage paid.
PILES-
NEARLX 1000 permanent cures here In your
midst; many who have suffered 10 ¦ to 30
yearr; over fifty names of prominent busi-
ness men sent as reference; no chloroform,
Eursrtry or delay from business, and no
salves for sale. Particulars, address Physl-
ciart. box 19r,0. Call office. S. F.. Cal.
REAL ESTATE — CITY — FOR SALE.
A_L~^3E^£'INE^TR^AI^S^N^THis~LiiT!
Apply A. M. SPECK & CO., 667 Market st,
11300— Eight-room house on Union Et.
$1500— Five-room cottage, near Buchanan st.
S1600— Seven-room house on Broadway;. a snap.
J220O— Three flats near Mason and Sutter sts.;
rents ?;l
J2500— Store and 4 rear living rooms on ' Mission
etreet.
S24.'iO — Flve-rocir. cottage, half a block Irom
Ninth and Market sts. - ; . • ¦
SECO— Store, flat and house; rents $36; near
Fourth and Mission sts.
5S10C — McAllister £t.; rents $SS; near Buchanan
et. ; two frontages. ¦ . ¦ .••'¦.
$37^)— Two nice flats near Hyde and California
tts. ; rents 137. ¦ .. .
$11.000— Choice flats near Golden Gate Park;
rent? J140: lot 50 foot front; third cash.
fl5. 000—8 modern fiats on corner near Larkin
et. ; ai! rented for $145.
' tlt,3CS— -Grand investment; modern Improve-'
rnentr; lot 70-foot front; near Taylor Et. ; rents
flTO; all rented.
115,500— Near Stockton St.; one tenant; rent
1120; lot SB-foot front. ' • .. .
£40,000— Grand Investment; few blocks from
Tivoli; one tenant leased 5 years at 14000 year.
Other banrains.
Apply A- M. SPECK & CO.. 6t7 Market st.
A. BARGAIN — Owner going- East: lot and two-
story house, seven rooms and batn; high
basement; Capp st.; house newly painted and
cleaned; will sell or rent with or without
the furniture; cheap for cash; one-half the
purchase price can remain on mortgage.
Box 3350. Call office.
POST-ET. PROPERTY FOR SALE.
Lot south side of Post st; dxty-slx (66) feet
front: situated between the Crocker building
and .Mechanics* Institute building. For par-
ticulars apply to JAMES A. WHITE, room
U. tenth floor. Mills building.
—ROOMED house In Western Addition; good
location; fine view; excellent neighborhood;
a bargain: no real estate dealers wanted. A.
E. BRADLEY. 18? McAllister gt. ¦
FOR SALE— One lot, 23x100. on north line of
Persia ave. S3 feet off Mission st. Address
THOS. LOUXDS, Battle Mountain. N'ev.
IF you have lots to sell north of the Park,
then call on W. J. GUNN. 630 California st.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call, It pages, sent to any addrees - In the
United States or Canada one year for $1.
postage paid. ¦'. - • -
REAL ESTATE COUNTRY For Sale
BUY In Napa County; no droughts, no Irriga-
tion, no failure of crape; write us for free
copy "Napa County Vitlculturlst." The W.
A. MACKINDER CO.. St. Helena, Cal.
RANCHES — Fruit ranches, dairy ranches,
chicken ranches and general ranches fer rale
and to rent. JOSEPH BAILIE. 7S9 Market.
HOMES T_ AD land— Get located on 160 acres.
Call bet. 6:30 and 8 p. m., 211 Fourth et.. r. 5.
POULTRY and dairy ranches for sale; write 'or
free list. C R. winfielD. Petaluma, Cal.
CHEAPEST and best In America — The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for $L
. SAUSALITO ItEAL —STATE.
FOR EA—_ or for rent— $3S50; Just completed;
ft-room residence In the choicest part for
view and sunshine; every convenience; strict-
ly modern and built by day work; $400 rash;
(30 t* 1 * first month, payments decreasing
each month If desired; lot 60x120 feet. DR.
CRCMPTON, Sauealito, or Albert Wllford.
. 8009 Jackson et.. San Francisco, from 12 to 5.
HEAL ESTATE WASTED.
"WANT to rent cnlcken ranch, S to 20 acres,
¦within 40 miles of San Francisco. Bex 3353,
Otll office. .-
BBAL ESTATE TO EXCHANGE.
A— PRINTED list of city and country prop-
erty for exchange or sale on easy terms. Call
on MARION GRIFFIN. 718 Market, by Call
. EXCHANGE— Butcher chop for city or country
real estate; reason, going to Nome. - 3055 16th.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
SPECIAL THIS WEEK. V/" '"'' , .
$3,200 — Modern 2-story house bf 9 rooms; lot
23x170: near Bay and Morton st. stations;
terms to- suit. CHARLES ADAMS _ CO.,
Bay station, Alameda. '
8-ROOM furnished house for June and July.
1511 Everett et. ¦ •"- '
8EMELET ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
S10S0— FOR a fine sightly lot in North Berkeley,
.about 4 blocks east of the It. R. depot;
etreet macadamized; size 60x134; grand
view; perfect title.
- J500.*-For the biggest bargain in town; lot
k- .£_6Jc_4; situate on Milvia et.. near Vir-
.'• i >1 ffirAs. ; Etreet work done. — S
W7B0-*Near anodern, up-to-date house . in the
5 ,, ¦"^¦¦•*cenJci park, near the college; 7 rooms;
=¦_- * large tot: f. ¦- ' ¦ ' /
MAY'—^STOKTXSIER. * Berkeley station.
-*»RETTIEST flttle home Jn Berkeley—
.*'-CC-«w. complete*^ open, fclumblr-g; 'ronts main
.rl*«tr*«t; electric cats; In .front. .rear station; lot
— r. *S?xI36: eiopics lawn. flDweriv chicken houses,
t'-Bt&ae^walks, etc.,, esc.:, easy tepms if desired.
iu._ -T- •• IW^rQ^W.rO-cland.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFiCt— 1118 BkoADWAY.
OAKLAND KEAli ESTATE.
t"fino — A SKLECT rooming-house; on main
etreet; pays well: furniture nearly." new;
fully occupied; rent $100: clears »93 per month.
GEO. W. AUSTIN * CO..
1C08 Broadway. Oakland.
$15 PER month: no cash required; cozy home,
5' rooms; neatly new; lot 37x120: total (1200;
house cost $1600 to build; a big. bargain.
$2200— A snap; fine home of 7 rooms; lot 40x
130; Juet off Telegraph ave." 5
GEO. W.. AUSTIN & CO..
"1008 Broad way, Oakland.
tl6C0— ON Grove St.; mu6t be Fold; 7 rooms;
easy-monthly payments, or will rent for $11
per month. See owner to-day at 100S Broad-
way. Oakland. ¦ ¦ ¦
OAKLAND FIRMTl'ttE K*Ott SALK.
AN Introduction to you from H. Scliellhaas. the
furniture dea.ler. 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
nooMS~Fbu~iidusEKEEPn«G.
ELLIS. 616— Elegantly furnished sunny parlor
suite, S rooms; gas stove; rent $35.
EL.L1S, 825— Three furnished rooms, complete
for housekeeping; gas, bath.
FIFTH. 853— Furnished double parlors, kitchen
and bath. $20. 2 beds; three. $14.
GEARY, S13%— Two or three furnished house-
keeping rooms ; bath, gas range- '¦
HOWARD, 7614— Nicely furnished, iunny bay
window suite; kitchen; man and wife;
others: reasonable. ¦ •
MINNA. 28— Furnished housekeeping rooms for
4 or 5 in family, $1 60 per week; single rooms.
NINTH, 113— Two sunny housekeeping room«, #
running water: other rooms. ¦• ¦
OAK. 119 — Larre sunny basement room fur-r
nished for housekeeping; stove; yard; $6.
POLK, 1CC2— 3 and 6 room suites, completely
furnished for housekeeping; $1S up; reference.
POST. ? 223— Elegantly furnished front, eulte for
housekeeping.
SILVER,. 165. near 4th— 2 or S furnished rooms
for housekeeping; cheap. '
TWENTT-THIRD, 8726, near Dolores— 4 sunny,
bay: window rooms; :niee, neat, complete.
VAN NESS, | 400— Entire upper floor. S rooms
and bath; sunny NE. corner; elegantly fur T
nished; gas range; no children. :
VAN TCESS ave.. 815 — Sunny parlor floor; 3 or 4
rooms and yard; bath, phone. '^ j
VAN NESS. 232— Housekeeping rooms complete. ¦
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 FUlmore st. ,'
A' BRANCH orfice for call advertisements and [
Fubscriptions has been established at 1098 '<
.Valencia gt. - j
ROOMS TO LET — Fnra. an«l TJnfnrn.
AHLBORN HOTEL, S21 Grant ave.— Best $1 a
day family, hotel in city; polite attendance;
large rooms, 50c up; meals 25c; free coach.
A— BRUNSWICK HOUSE, 118 Sixth— Rooms,
26c, to $1 per nlgrht; $1 23. to *5 per week and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
ALL are notified to redeem their articles lm-
¦ mediately, as I am going out of business.
UNCLE HARRIS.. 15 Grant ave. |
BURNETT. 1426 Market (old No. 1364)— Fur-
nished rme., suites, single; also unfurnished.*
CLIFFORD.' 204- Ellis, cor. Mason-Elegantly
furnished sunny roomsj prices reasonable.
DALE place. 12. off Golden Gate- ave., near
Leavenworth — Sunny rooms suitable for one
or two gentlemen; gas; side bell. . .
DENTIST— Sutter, 043— Handsome furnished
bay window; north liffht; hot and cold water.
EDDY. 872— Elegantly furnished rooms, from
$10 to $15; new flat. .
ELDER Room-renting Bureau, 22 Kearny Et—
Tel. Red 2334: rooms furnished or unfurnished.
ELLIS, 732 — New. elegant rooms, suits and sin-
gle; $2.50 up weekly; tourists accommodated.
GALT House, 1206 Market— Fur. rooms. Mr. &
.. Mrs.I.F, Sweeney, late of the Esmond House
GOLDEN GATE ave., 730— Nice light single
hallroom, ?6; bath;, private; German.
GOLDEN GATE AVE.. 1050— Large sunny, well-
. furnished room;- private family; free telephone.
HOTEL St. Denis (European plan), 24 Turk st.,'
nr. Market — New bullaing, elegantly furn. ;
Just opened; strictly first class and up-to-date
in all appointments; Inspection invited; must
be.eeen to be appreciated; 75c day . and up;
special rates by week or month; references.
HOTEL FRANCISCO— Elegant suites; single;
, transient; baths. Mra. King. Turk and Taylor.
LARKIN, S19^i— Sunny front room ; gas, battf
and phone; private; $8 per month.
LEAVENWORTH, 405. near Ellis— Furnished
room to let.
MARKET, 1015 (New Arlington)— Nicely fur-
nished rooms $2 a week up; 33c a day up.
MARTINET, 1101 Geary — Elegant suites, newly
furnished; private; bath; single rooms $10* up.
MARKET, 1219— € eunny rooms; rent f J.5. water
Included. ' . ;¦ '
MCALLISTER, 412, room »— For rent, one
sleeping room; reasonable.
METROPOLE. « Turk, cor. Market— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; 50c to $3 per day.
MINNA, 667, corner Eighth— Newly furnished
bay-window room; $1. per week; transient.
OAK. 626— Three or four minny unfurnished
- rooms; all modern conveniences; before 12 m.
O'FARRELL. 20 — Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator ;-elec. lights; day, week, mo.
O'FARRELL, 402— Large sunny corner room;
' bay windows; fine view; furnished; reas'n'ble.
O'FARRELL, 691 — 2 nicely furnished rooms,
suitable for one or two persons. '
POLK, ' 603— Sunny suite and 2 other rooms;
rent reasonable; running water and gas.'
POLK, 153»— Large front eunny room; single;
back; comfortable; desirable; private; reason-
able. ..... , ¦ . , ¦ , .
POLK. 1911—3 unfurnished sunny rooms.
RUSS, 154,. off Howard— Sunny single and dou-
ble rooms, $§ up. .
"ROSEDALE House, 819-821 '.Elite St.— Jtooms,
i night, 26c to $1; week. $1 25 to $4; open night.
ROYAL House, 128 Ellis— Incandescent light;
reading-room, smoking-room and ladles' par-
lor; rooms,' per night, 36c to $1 SO; week, $2 to
$8; month. $8 to $30; elevator on ground floor;
rooms with hot and cold water; baths. .- -
SHERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth St.,
near Market— Furnished or unfurnished.
STEVENSON. 449, nr. 6th — A sunny front room;
private family; for 1 or 2 gentlemen.
THE .Crocker, 915 Leavenworth— Fine "unny
rooms, single and en suite; beautiful grounds.
TURK, 32— Newly furnished rooms, from $1 50
to, $3 per week. , : ', . , -
TURK. 1206%, near Buchanan— Four nice sun-
ny rooms furnished for housekeeping ; $15.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
- received at Call branch office, 2200 FUlmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and.
subscriptions has been established at 1098
Valencia et. : ' - - ..¦-.....
ROOMS AND BOARD.
IDEAL apartments; cozy suites with bath,.
private dining room; • perfect illumination;
elevator service; if in town for the summer
your stay will be of comfort. Roanoke
. 80S Bush et. . ' ...
PINE and Mason (Hotel Oliver)— Elegant sun-
ny suites or single rooms; private baths; ex-
cellent table and service. '• • . - ' - •¦'
PINE. 1222 (old Ralston home)— Elegantly fur-
nished sunny - rooms, en suite and single,
with board. - •• . .- . ,<.
VALENCIA-ST. Hotel, 718 Valencia st. Mls-
' 6ion warm belt— Good board; fine rooms;
¦ reasonable rates; cars pass the. door.'
AN exceptional table; pleasant rooms;- good
gervlc*; ppoalar'rates. - 807 California at.
ALMORA Hotel. Twentieth and Mission— Ele-
gantly furnished suites or single, with board.
HOTEL Repeller, ¦ 781 Sutter— Newly • furn. ;
excellent table; special' rates to . tourists. ¦
HOTEL Las Palmas, 1820 Market— Suites, . 2 or
. 3 rooms, bath, connecting; board optional.
OAK. 1907. cor. Cole, Panhandle of Park— New-
ly furnished rooms, with or without board. >
PINE. : 1006 (The Victor)— New management:
thoroughly renov. : *ur.ny suites, with board.
SECOND, 523— 3, nice front sunny rooms; back
and front parlor, kitchen, gas range; $14.
VALENCIA, 471, near. 16Lh— A large sunny front
room for 2 gentlemen, with or without board;
reference. • . ' '¦:' • ' • '• : . ' -.. ; • • . .
THE GAGE, 428 Geary— Nicely furnished rooms;
excellent service: board optional: reference*.
ROO3IS AND BOARD WANTED. *
LADY occupied all day wishes 1 large unfur-
nished room or 2 small ones, with board. 'in
family. Box 3315, Call office. - !
; . : ; ; rooms wantei). . ':.':
THREE or four large sunny. unfurnished rooms
with modern conveniences. .Address box 3346,
Call offlc*. . ... -.-.«..
; BATLWAY TBAVEK
banta re
1 rains--paiiy.
¦ ;-:•¦, Leave Market-Street - Ferry Depot. • . -„
- , Local Lim'd Ovrl'd Local
. ¦- " Dally. Dally. Daily. Dally..
Lv. San Fran 7:20 a 9:00 a 8:00 p 4:20 p
Ar. Stockton. 10:23 a 11:45 a 11:05 p 7:25 p
, •• Merced .. 12:25 p 1:17 p 1:15 a .......
"Fresno... 2:20 p 2:35 p 3:05 a ...:...'
"Hanford . 4:22 p 3:27p 7:06 a ;......
"Vlsalia,.. 4:10 p 4:10 p 4:45 a
¦".. Tular»-... "4:27 p 4:27 p 6:05 a ......
"Bksfleld . 6:50 p 5:20 p 7:30 a .......
*•• Kan City. ........ 2:41a 7:30a ........
, ".. Chicago ........... 2 :15 p 9 :00 p
¦ * a for . morning. • p for : afternoon. . . i ¦ ¦
'¦, 9:00 a. m. train Is the California Limited. '
Carrying Palace Sleeping Cam and Dining
. Cars^through to Chicago. Chair '.Car runs
¦ to Bakersfield i for accommodation of . local -
"first-class.*, passengers." No second-class
¦' tickets | are I honored I on this train. I Corre-
: sponding train arrives at 5:55 - p. ; m. dally, •
¦'-...¦ 4 :20 p. ta. Is Stockton Local. Correspond.
.Ing train arrives at 11:05 a.m.: dally. :'
- 8:00 ' p. ¦ m.' Is the Overland Express, I with
: through Palace and • Tourist . Sleepers ? and .
free -. Reclining -: Chair . Car. • also *: Palace
' Sleeper, ;. which cuts ' out at Fresno. ' ' Corre- ¦
sponding train arrives at 5:55 p. m. daily.
• -7:20 ' a. • m.".- is ; Bakersfleld Local, • stopping
I at all points In San Joaquin Valley.- Corre- ;
¦ spon ding . train : arrives at 8 :40 a. \ m. \ dally ••
•-. x Of flees— 641 ' Market ; street - and ¦ In Ferry '
'.DeBot,v- San Francisco; 1118 Broadway.
Oakland.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
- ; : / TU SumIIui Ferry^-Fpot of Market 8t.' ; _', '- v'j-'i
8:0OA.M.S> v ' •'-. fl2:l5p. »t-
»KK)A. M. : /:--:•? ..' . :". - 1:15 P. M.'!
r 1:30p.m. .'. . '-..¦l-BdJOp.'Bfc'i
230P.M.J •>•/(, 7:10P.M.
' , .. Fare. San Fraasfno to 8<rm»lt and Semrn, fl.M . : . y;
Ticket Offices, 621 Market St., & SausaHto Ferry.
BIDS WANTED— Notice is hereby given that
sealed proposals will be received By the Board
of Directors of the Veterans' Home of Cali-
fornia,' at Its office, room 13. S20 Sansome st.,
San Francisco, Cal., up to 10:30 o'clock a. m.,
SATURDAY. June 8. 1901, and opened Im-
mediately thereafter in the presence of bid-
ders, for furnishing and delivering quarter-
master and commissary supplies for the Vet-
erans' Home. Napa County, Cal. (railroad sta-
* tion Yountvllle), for six months commencing
July 1, 1901, and ending December 31, • 1901.
. Schedules with Information and Instructions
for submitting bids will be furnished upon' ap-
plication by the undersigned. .Bidders will
carefully follow the conditions of the sched-
- ules, and no bid will be considered unless it is
In accordance with such schedules. Each bid-
der mtWst - accompany his 'bid with a certified
- check upon some well-known and responsible
banking, house for at least 10 per cent of the
amount of his bid, payable to C. Mason
Kinne, treasurer, conditioned that the bidder
will enter into a good and valid contract upon
notice of acceptance as required by law. The
board reserves the right to reject any or all
bids and to order any quantity over or under
the amount specified. * ; v . •- - i
Address J. J. SCOVILLE, Secretary Board
of Directors of the Veterans' Home of Cali-
fornia, room 13, 320 Sansome St., San Fran-
cisco, Cal., By order of the Board of Direc-
tors. .-.. . J. J. SCOVILLE/ Secretary. ;
ADVERTISEMENT— Office Of the Chief En-
glneer. Division of the Philippines, Manila.'
P. I., March 1, 1901— Sealed proposals for
constructing a harbor at Manila. P. I.,' will
be received at this office until 11 o'clock a.
m., August 1. 1901. and then publicly opened.
Work to be. done Includes about ISO, 000 cubic
yards riprap. 21,000 cubic yards concrete and
rubble masonry in breakwaters, about 5,000,-
. COO cubic yards of dredging, and. a pile bulk-
head 4700 feet long. Dredging in mud, sand
and shells to»a depth of thirty feet. Dredged
material to be • used for reclaiming land.
. Bids must be accompanied by a bond of one
. hundred thousand dollars ($100,000). in gold.
.One contract will be made for the 'whole
work. Contractors bond will be 10 per cent
of tbe amount bid: The right. is reserved to
. reject »ny or all bids. ' For specifications and
blank forms apply to this office. Bureau of
' Insular Affairs. Washington, D. . C. ; United
States Engineer Offices at New York; Chi-
cago and San ; Francisco. JOHN BIDDLH.
Captain. Engineers. , • ¦ .,-.
' ;5 ¦
WOODS— In.this city. May 14, 1901, to the wife
¦ ¦ f o R. H. ¦ Woods, a daughter, - .- •-' --- , .-
. Birth, marriage . and' death notices sent ! by
mall will not be inserted. They must be handed
in at j either of the publication offices and be
Indorsed with the name and -residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BIRTHS— MARRIA&ES— DEATHS.
PROPOSALS. — State Prison supplies. — Sealed
proposals will be received at the office of the
clerk at the State* Prison, San Quentin, until
10:30 a. m., Saturday, the 15th/ day of June,
1901, and at the officeVof the clerk at the
State Prison at Folscm, until 9:30 a. m..
Monday, the 17th day of June, 1901, at which
times and places they will be opened In the
presence of bidders, for furnishing and deliv-
ering supplies for said prisons, consisting of
subsistence stores, forage, fuel, fuel oil. fur-
nishing power, to. run the jute mill at San
Quentln, clothing, medicines, . lime, cement
and other staple supplies, from July 1, 1901,
to June 30, l»02, inclusive, , on conditions as
per printed schedules, which will be furnished
upon application at either of the above of-
fices. No bid will be. considered unless made
upon said .schedules, nor unless accompanied
bj; the certified- check therein ..required, nor
ffom any other parties than bona fide dealers
in the classes of articles to be furnished.
¦ Each bidder must accompany his bid With
a certified check upon some well, known and
responsible banking house for at least 10 per
cent of the amount of his bid. payable to
R. M. Fitzgerald, 1 president of the board,
conditioned' that the bidder will enter Into
a contract upon* notice of acceptance, as re-
quired by law. Bids for either prison must
be marked separately. All .payments made
.on contracts will be paid in cash or Con-
troller's warrants. Bidders will carefully fol-
low the conditions of the schedules. The
board reserves the right to reject any or all
bids, as the public interest may require, and
to order any quantity over or under the
amount specified. F. W. REYNOLDS, acting
clerk; R. M. FITZGERALD, president.
PROPOSALS for Clothing and' Equipage, Depot
Quartermaster's Office, 36 New Montgomery
Bt.. San Francisco. 'Cal., May 29,' 190li-rSealed
proposals, in triplicate, will be received at
this office until 10 o'clock a. m., Wednesday,
June 12, 1901, Pacific Standard Time, and then
opened, for furnishing • S. " B. . Kersey, Black
Last ling and Buckskin Gauntlets. All to con-
form to standards ahd specifications; quanti-
ties to be subject 60 per cent Increase. If de-
cided upon by this Department. Bids will be
opened for the delivery of the same articles
at either the San Francisco, Boston,' Chicago
and Philadelphia: Depots. ; Deliveries to com-
mence July 1st next, or as soon as practicable
thereafter. Bidders must state in their pro-
posals the rate and time or delivery should
contract be awarded to them,: and that no
proposition should be , made which they 'are
not positive that^ they can absolutely fulfill.
Bids upon samples differing - from specifica-
tions and samples upon. which bids are invited,.
- will under no circumstances be • entertained,
ncr will unguaranteed bids be considered.
Proposals for less quantities than advertised
for will be entertained. Bids for delivery or
Inspection at other points than those named
above -will not be /considered. To avoid mis-
understanding as to the exact 'nature of the
articles to be furnished, bidders will carefully
examine the standard samples. and specifica-
tions, so that proposals may be submitted by
them with a full knowledce of what will be
required. Preference will be given to articles
of domestic production and manufacture, con-
.' dltions of price and quality being equal (in-
cluding in the price of foreign production and
manufacture the duty thereon), and such pref-
erence will be given to articles of . American
production and" manufacture produdfed on the
Pacific Coast, to the extent of the consump-
tion required by the public service there. The
United States reserves the right to accept or
reject any or all proposals or any part there-
of. Information and blanks for proposals will
be furnished on 'application. Envelopes con-
taining proposals will be endorsed "Propo-
sals No. 5212" and addressed to Major OSCAR
F. LONG, Quartermaster, U. S. Army, Depot
Quartermaster. s
PROPOSALS.
.^Solemn requiem man .wlll.be ceiehrated' for
th» • repose, of her . bou1, j : commencine , at ,9:30
o'clock, v Interment 'Holy Cross Cemetery. "
BARRY— In this city, June 2, 1901,- James, be-
.- loved son of Bridget and the late John Barry,
"and brother of John, and Philip .Barry and
Mrs. J. E. Campbell," a native of San Fran-
, Cisco, aged 35 yeara and 12 days. ;
' " IE5" Friends and : acquaintances are' respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday),' at 9:30 o'clock.," from his late resi-
dence, £09 Fell street,; thence. to Sacred, Heart
¦ Church, -where a requiem high mass will be
' ; celebrated- for thfe repose of his soul, com-
. mencing at 10 o'clock.- .Interment Holy Cross
• ¦ Cemelpry. . • »;•:.. :•:¦.=•••'. < ¦'¦¦ : ¦
BAUER— In ¦ this city, - June. 1, 1901, John, be-
loved huaband bf'Justlna Bauer, • and father
of Jacob G.,- Fred H; and the late John W.
' Bauer, 1 a native of Bavaria; * Germany, ¦ aged
07 years. 1 month and ZS days. - r: ~ S-
¦ ltfy Friends - and acquaintances I are rftspect-
, fully Invited to attend the . funeral . this day
(Monday),* at 2: o'clock, from the parlors of
H. F. Suhr & Co.. 1137 Mission street,' be-
tween. Seventh and Eighth; where 'services
will- be held under the auspices of the Verein
¦ Eintracht. -Interment I. O. O. F.- Cemetery.
CHIELOVICH— In this 'city. May 31, 1901, at
his residence. 2217 FlUmore street. Ella
Chielovich, beloved father of Mrs. M. J.
Fottrell, a native of Rlsano, Austria, in his
77th year. • „ . ' ¦¦ . : ¦ ¦ ¦:
(CTFrlends are Invited to attend a solemn
requiem mass for the i repose of his soul, | to
be sunr this day (Monday), at 9:30 o'clock,
'"at St. Dominic's Church. Interment private.
CLARK— In this i city, May 31, 1901, '- Mary
Clark, beloved -wife of the late Thomas
Clark, and beloved mother, of Mrs. David
Reuhlein and James P. Clark, a native of
Ireland, aged 71 years 1 month and 29 days.
' ICTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
' i fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 2 .o'clock, from the residence
J of her daughter, Mrs. David Reuhlein, 2870
Twenty-fourth etreet, near ..Florida. Winter-
. ment I. O. O. F. Cemetery. . ¦
DONNE— In ' this city, May " 31, 1901. Richard
M.. beloved husband ' of Mary Donne, 'and
lovlntt father of Joseph H.. Richard J...
- Mary, Margaret, Julia and Alice Donne, a
native of Dublin, Ireland, aged (4 years 4
months and 9 days. • ¦ . ; .
v " ¦ ETFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to. attend the funeral this day
- (Monday), at 9 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 1009 McAllister street, thence, to Sa-
cred Heart Church, where a requiem high
mass will be celebrated for the repose of his
soul at 9:30 o'clock. Interment Mount Cal-
vary Cemetery. ¦ ,- -. / > : - . : , : • •' • , -¦¦
DONOVAN— In this 'city, 'June 2, 1901, Eugene
. F.,~ beloved . son of .Timothy Donovan,- and
brother of Joseph, Paul and Jerome . Donovan
and Mrs. Annie Eldrldge, Mrs; Francis Burn-
harn and the- late Nellie and Timothy Dono-"
van.'a native of , San-Francisco, -asred 27 years
and, 27 days. --.--¦-. ¦ , . ¦ ."
¦ ItyThe funeral- will take place to-morrow
* (Tuesday),- at/ 9:30 o'clock, from the parlort
of the United Undertakers, 27 and '29 Fifth
' street, thence to St. ' Patrick's Church for
services at 10 o'clock. : Interment private,
Holy Cross Cemetery- ¦ — • - ¦
DOYLE— In Oakland, June 1, 1901, Frank W.,
beloved son' of 'the late John and Catherine
Doyle, • and brother of i John ¦ and Tina Doyle
and Mrs. JJ G: Conway, Mrs. J. H. Rourke,
Mrs. A. Arnold. Mrs. Westphal and Mrs.
McBride,: a native of Oakland, Cal., aged 27
r yeara 6 months and 4 days. : ¦-
ITTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
i (Monday), at 9:30 o'clock,- from the residence
of his sister, Mrs. J..~ H. Rourke, 6101 San
Pablo 3 ¦ avenue, thence ; to/ j St. Columba' s
I Church, where | a' solemn Tequlem mass will
be celebrated for the repose of his soul, com-
mencing at 10 o'clock. Interment St. Mary's
Cemetery, Oakland. •
FLYNN— In this city, June 1, 1901, Thomas C.
" beloved husband of Catherine Flynn, father
of John T. Flynn and Mrs. N. Danez, and
"brother of James Flynn, a native of Ireland,
aged 73 years. . •¦' ' ¦
¦ inyinterment strictly private.
GOBLE— In this city,- May 31, 1901, .- Nellie
Goble, ¦ beloved wife- of J. E. Goble, and sis-
ter of Mrs. "W. Moore, Mrs. C. Welshons and
Katie' and ! Emma Cuff, a native of San
Francisco." ' . . ."..' '¦<*¦ '
tU7"FuneraI .this day (Monday),, at 9
o'clock, from the residence of her • sister, 1311
1 Larkin street, thence to, St. Mary's Cathe-
dral, where a high . requiem mass will be
celebrated for the repose of her soul, com-
mencing at 9:30 o'clock. . Interment private.
Please omit flowers. V . ; . .. '
GRIMES— In this city, June 2.:. 1901. Ann
Grimes,' beloved wife "of the late James
Grimes, • and mother of the late Patrick
Grimes and Mrs. Michael Ryan, Mrs. Mary
McClelland and the late - Lizzie Perry, and
grandmother of Mrs. ¦ Harry Logan, and'
great-grrandmother of ' Miss Marguerite Coyle
and William ' J. Trayers," and" aunt of Mrs.
Mary Kohler, a native of Belleturbert, County
Cavan, Ireland, aged 95 years. (Oakland,
Cal., papers pleaae copy.- .-..¦; '-.:.
[C?"Friends and acquaintances; are respect-
fully -invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 9 o'clock', from her late resi-
dence, 1 1831 Stockton street, thence to St.
Francis Church, Vallejo street, • where a sol-
emn requiem high . mass • will . be . celebrated
for the reoose of her soul; commencing at
9:30 o'clock. Interment 6t. Mary's Cemetery,
Oakland, by 11 o'clock creek boat.\ . -'
HENSEL— In this city, June 1. 1901, Heinrich
•.Hensel, .a native of Germany,- aged ,78 years
5 months and 8 days. ' > -"¦
inyFrlends ¦ and . acquaintances are respect-
fully,, invited to attend the funeral this day
"'(Monday), at 2 o'clock,' Trom the funeral par-"
lors of Theodor 'Dierks, \ 957 1 Mission street,
: between ' Fifth and Sixth, and thence to Odd:
. FellowB 1 ¦ Cemetery for cremation. .; ¦ v
HEINZ— In -trrm.city. June 1, 1901," Henry,
dearly-beloved husband of Margaret Heinz,
and father .of William J. and Henry Heinz
Jr. and Mrs. Lizzie Hildebrand, and brother
I of Mrs. Margaret Molk and Jacob Heinz and
the late Mrs. William Gilbart, and brother-in-
law of Mr. and Mrs. J. . W. Staneart, a na-
tive' of Birmingham, England, aged BO years
'3 months arid '7 days. .'. '• ' . " -'
B3" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully, invited to • attend the funeral • to-morrow
• (Tuesday), 'at 1 :30> o" clock, -.from his late resi-
dence, 1219% .Kearny street, near Green. In-
terment Cypress Lawn Cemetery., " . »j.
HESTHAL— In this city, June 2, 190L Bertha,
beloved wife of W.'J; Hesthal, .and mother
ft of. Ferdinand E. Hesthal, and daughter of
Mrs. Marie Hesthal, and sister of Ferdinand
E. Hesthal and the late August Hesthal and
Mrs. Alvina Schramm, a native of Germany,
aged 40 years 5 months and 10 days. ' ' ."
[CyNotice of funeral hereafter. \.; ; .-l,-.
McGONIGLE— An anniversary requiem mass
will' be celebrated for the repose of the soul
of the late Dennis McGonigle, at St. Peter's
I Churph, - Alabama street, .- between Twenty-
fourth t and Twenty-fifth, to-morrow (Tues-
day),* at' 9' o'clock. Friends are respectfully
• invited' to. attend. '"'-:• '. :¦'•¦¦" -
McGOVEftN— In this city, May 31, 1901, Jane,
beloved wife of John .McGovern, and mother
of James E.i ¦ John, J.,. Thomas H., Leo W.,
"Mary J. and Catherine A. McGovern, a ' na-
tive of Ireland. '.'• '¦•¦ ' '- ¦..¦-..¦ •
¦ C7"The funeral will take place this day
(Monday)', at ¦ 10 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 2147 Larkin street, thence to St.
Mary's/ Cathedral, ¦ where a requiem high
.mass will be celebrated for the repose of her
soul,' commencing at 10:30 o'clock. ¦¦ Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery. • ¦ ¦• ' -. :> - ' -,-'
MEGARRY-In Vallejo, ; Cal., - June 1, 1901,
s Elizabeth Downey Megarry, relict of the late
-William Mesarry. and mother of the late
John arid William Megarry and James, Wal-
' ter,*' Arthur, Mary and . Let it la Megarry, 'a
" native of ' Belfast, Ireland, aged 1 60 years 5
' months and 16 days. (New York papers pleaae
¦" : copy.)"; . "\ '.,,' r .' ':'•¦'¦ • ¦ ¦
~" -• (?''FuneraJ'* to-morrow (Tuesday), at 11
o'clock, fft>m ! the family i residence,
Cal. Interment private, v ¦ ¦¦¦¦¦-. :
MOLONEY— In the City and County Hospital,''
* June 1, 1901, -Thomas K. Moloney, a native of
Ireland, aged 48 years. . .•
O'CONNOR— In the City and County Hospital,
•.June 1, 1901, Michael O'Connor, a native of
V, Ireland, aged 81 years. ... i •
O'REILLY— In this city, June 1. 1901, John P.
O'Reilly, a native of- Cashcarrigan, County
Leitrlm, Ireland/ aged 70 years.' -. ; ¦¦:
¦•*'•¦ (nyiFriends and acquaintances are respect-
' fully Invited to attend; the. funeral this day
(Monday),"* at -9 o'clock,' from' his late real-
S dence. ; 655 Pine ! street," thence ;to ' St. Mary" s
Church" (Paulists'), ' where a requiem high
. mass .will be celebrated ¦ for the > repos% of his
. soul, commencing at 9:30 o'clock. - Interment
l Holy Cross Cemetery.^ ,:;. ;> .
OHMEN— In ,this : city, June 2, "1901, William
j H., dearly 'beloved husband -of- Margarethe
, Ohmen, and father of '¦ -TllUe,.; Hattle and
t ' Harry Ohmen, a native of Germany, aged 56
-years 2 months and 3 days.- A member of
"Farragut Post No.' 4, G; A.'R.,' and San
I - Francisco Lodge No. 1922, Knights of Honor.
-;.,(New York paoers please copy.) :
• tE7"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
• (Tuesday).* at 1 o'clock, , from , his late resi-
dence, >1312B> Harrison street.; near Ninths
thence to Masonic Temple, corner of Post and
5 ¦ Montgomery streets, i where ¦¦ services will be
held under the auspices of Mount Morlah
Lodge No.-44,F.> and'A.'M.,' commencing at
S 2 o'clock.: Interment Mount "Olivet Cemetery
* -by carriasre. •"'•..¦-.. i 'V*' :¦¦ : :. ¦- : : " ¦ ¦ ¦
PORTER— In th is r city, June . 2, 1901, Dorothy,
dearly beloved' 'daughter 'of .Richard: and
Minna Porter, ? a native ¦ of England, aged 5
• . years •¦ 2 i months? and 10 days. . ¦¦..;... ;' :
PUTTOCK— In .this - city, < June 2. 18Q1. Harry. '
. beloved : husband »>Llzaie.- Puttock, : and
'; father cif^Fred, *llarry, Lillle, Jack and
(Successor to Flannagan & Gallagher.)
DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mgr. - ".¦'.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMEHS.
• 20 Fifth st., opposite Lincoln School. . -
* j ; '.';,., Telephone: South 80. ',
HENRY'J; GALLAGHER CO.
IJAWBS McGINN^
Taylor and ¦-Jone*,* ..Telephone South 576.,;'. -,
UNITED UNDERTAKERS,
Y 27 and 29' Fifth St.- TeL; South 167.
IUHERAL . DIBE0T033 -AND " EMBALMSR3.
' Finest. Equipment ' 'at Moderate Rates.:
FUNERAL. DIRECTORS ji~ EMBALMEItS.
¦.•-.'_• 1239. Market St., '.between 8th 'and 9thT"*v
* " ;-.._-, -,»,-< -. , Telephone ; South •'. 2*7. >¦' -'-- ', -• &H
(E^Frlends and acquaintances are respect- 1
fully Invited ' to attend » the funeral this day
(Monday), - at ,8:45 o'clock, from the. parlors
of McAvoy & Co.. 1239 : Market * street,' be-
tween Eighth and Nfnth,' thence to St.' John's
Church (014 SL • Mary's College); ; where a
. ICTFriends are -resaectfully Invited. to at-
tend the funeral services this day (Monday),
"at '2 ¦ o'clock, at the Green-street Congrega-
tional Church, Green etreet, between Stock-
. ton and r Powell. ; Please omit flowers. ;\ ' ;:
BARRON— In this city, June 1. 1901, Ann . Bar-
•¦ ron, a native . of County Galway, . Ireland,'
• bzcA 71 years. ¦ . ¦¦- .-•¦..,.,
AUSTIN— In I this city, June' 2. 1901, Sarah A.,
widow of the late. Dr. , Henry ' Austin, a na-
tive of London, ' England, aged 80 years.
¦ ¦:¦¦ V -.,- died... ,•; •¦:.:-¦ t ? .,i
Austin, ' Sarah . A . . i McGovern, Jane % •
Barron, Ann . • Megarry, ¦ Elizabeth
. Barry, Jamea . . ,. Moloney, Thomaa K.
Bauer, John . O'Connor, Michael
Chielovich. Ella . O'Reilly, John P.
Clark, Mary N Ohmen, William H.
Donne, Richard M. Porter, • Dorothy - *
Donovan. Eugene F. . 'Puttock, Harry ' '"
Doyle, Frank ¦ Radloft, Ludwifc
Doyle, Frank W. ," Rendich, Nicola '
Flynn, Thomas C. ' Smith, James ,
, Goble, Nellie . « - Smith, Jane ..' ' - '
-Grimes, Ann ¦ . Stewart, Jeannette j
Hensel, Heinrich Watson, James ¦ D.
Heinz,. Henry Wienslnger, John "
Hesthal, ¦ Bertha "" : ' Youns, Annie W.
McGonigrle, Dennis .¦¦•.-¦¦¦
SPECIAL NOTICES.
AUCTION SALES
GRAND AUCTION SALE
STANDARD AND REGISTERED
TROTTING HORSES
« .\ ; ; ; , In number.)
SINGLE ROADSTERS. CARRIAGE HORSES.
BROOD MARES, WELL-MATCHED • TEAMS
and I HORSES SUITABLE : FOR BUSINESS
PURPOSES, by such sires as Direct," Election-
eer, Director, Dexter. Prince, Directive Ham-
bletonlan Wllkes, . Piedmont. General Benton,
Sidney Dillon, Cresco. Almonltion,. Le Grande,
Bay ' Rose.' ' Tom > Benton, etc.. out of some of
the most noted mares In California." We will,
also eel! some young - '
HEAVY DKAFT- HORSES.
This stock, was bred by Messrs." Henry and
Ira Pierce, on their Santa . Rosa and Yerba
Buena stock farms, are choice individuals, and
must • be sold . without ' reserve or -limit. Sale
takes place < ' - ' ¦ ¦
FRIDAY, June 7, 1901,
1 '-*: j . -At 11 a. m.'at'^
OCCIDENTAL HORSE .'EXCHANGE,
721 HOWARD ST.," NEAR THIRD. ' <
• , WM. O. LAYNO, Livestock Auctioneer.
Horses at salesyard. , Catalogues ' ready.
Auction sale.
_^ • 7^- • : : 5^
• ¦ TO-MOKROW.
TUESDAY, June 4. at 11 a. m., 11« Folsom
Bt.', of 2 carloads of business, work and driving
horses, -1 16-passenger wagonette, 4 new rubber-
tired buggies, 7 styles of . carts. : oamp wagons
: and other vehicles, 45 sets cf new find second-
hand harness. S.* WATKINS, Auctioneer.
AUCTION SALE
:£a» ¦'- .- . t at ' : fgfej
ARCADE HORSE MARKET. 327 SIXTH ST..
: WEDNESDAT, June 5, at U a. m..
I' will" sell : at " public auction a lot of CITY
HORSES. Also 20 head- of ALL PURPOSE
' HORSES. JOHN J. DOYLE,
v. . i Livestock Auctioneer.
BATLWAY TBAVEL.
1046 Miles .
In 2 7I Hours.
1 There are two things you
will always remember if you
go East via Denver and the
Burlington' Route, i One is
the scenery in Colorado.
The other is the whirlwind
. - .. .ride across Nebraska, Iowa
; and . Illinois aboard " the
¦ Chicago Special— the Bur-
lington's famous "one night '
. ¦ on -the road" train from
Denver to Chicago.
It makes the run of 1046
miles in. 27 }4 hours; carries
a through sleeper for Chicago,
•which leaves San Francisco
daily, and offers as good ser-\
vice as any train in the world.
iMMMfl Ticket Office,
Jljjmnnijim 1 ! .631 Market Street,
IBMlTwrf*JtHl "* Sanborn,
IB llODll'MW General Agent.
jl^WHMBWBl San Francisco. .
SOUTHERN PAOIPIO.
Trains l«nv« nu<l arm «!«•« »• nrrl»« •%«
¦".'. : NAN riUNCINIO.
(Main Line, Foot of Market Street) '
LiAvg — ,¦ gnoM Mat 26. 1901.. . — _tmiT»
7i3Oa. Benicia, Suieuu, Elmiia, Vaaarlll«i, -
¦ Blunter and 8tcr»mento , 7:00r
:- ?>30a Davis, Woodland, Knights Landing, -. •
¦'•¦*• MujtTillQ, Orotille.. .'.'....'....:.'..• 7i5»F
' 7<SOa Atlantic K.xpreu— Ogden and Kaaf 1»:X5*
»:O« a Martinez, 8»u Uamou, V»IIeJo. Uapa,
•"¦--:¦ C»liitoga»iidS»iita lto«a ;ai23p
»:»«a NUes, Lathrop, Stockton.. .......... ;"—."»»
KtUOANUes. Mendota, Fresno, Hanford. ¦ '
VissU*. Portertille.. 4i53»
- Si SO a Shasta ExpreM— DkTis, Williams (for
Bartlett Springs), Willows, Bed ,
Bluff, Portlaud?.. 7»55r
¦ito« Sun .)ui«, Lhermore, Htooktoii,
¦ V lone, . Sacrameuto. PltcertUle,
' MnryiTitle, Obico. Ue<l lilufT 4tSSr
»i30a Oakdale, Chinese (Yosemite), 8o-
' I norm. Carters.. *:«3»
,t:OO« Hayward, Nilea and Way Stations.. 1 1 »33a
- ViOOaLos Angeles' Exvress— Martinez.
•. Tracy. Latlirop, Stocktou, Merced ' " .\
' .. Fresuo and Los Angeles... 7:«3»
- •i3Ox Valifjo. Martinez ami Way Statlou* .. S:53p
10:0J»AThe OrerUiid Limited— Ogfien, D«n-
\- " v^ • ter, Omaha. Chicago ¦ 6:»3r
i fliOOp Sacrainanto Kirer .Slenniera........; * ISiOMa
a:8«p Hayward, Niln aud Way Station*.. 7:33* I
¦iiOOr lieulcla. Winters, 1 Haeraiuenlo,
* Wootlland, Ki.IkI.U JjiDdlng. -
MuryBTille, Oroillla.. 10:93a
4i00pMartlner., Han llaiiioii, Vallejo,
¦ ¦ . Napa, ()*!l*toga. Santa Itona...... HiSSa
4sO«r Niles, Liverraore, Stockton. Lodi... -1S>33p
4i!lrtr Haywmrd, M!e», Han J«*e. LiTtrmore {M:A3a
4tSOp Port Cos a, Tracy, Latbrop, Stockton 1 i»j83a ¦
S-.OVe Xlie Owl Iiiuiited— ITteiiiu, Tulara, ,
• V O.r Baktrafleld, Hangus for Santa Bat- t
bara, Los Angeles.... 8:33a
1 SiOOr Martin, z, Antioch, Stockton. Mer-
' • • eed, Fresno l*s»s»
5:O«?To»emlte........... l»tM* ,
OiSOpNew Orleans Exprw*— Mendota, .. .
Fresno, Bakersfield. Los Angeles. >
' . ¦ : Dcmlng, El Paso, New Orleana'
1 and East....... 7:334
OtOOp Hay ward, Niles aud San Jose....... ¦ 7:33* I
t«:OOp Vallejo .»........: 11:53*
I OtOOp Oriental > Mail— Ogden, Cheyenne,.
• - >: Omalia. Chloago X2:23p
•iQOr Oriental < Mail— Ogden. Denver,
. Omaha, Chloajto.. 4:S3r
; 7j00p Oregon aud California K(|iren,Na«..
t. . 'rumen tii, AUrjBTille, ICeilt1li:g,%
•• 1'ortlainl. Piiget Homul ami KasJ ..- ¦¦ »»3Ca
SsOSrSan Pablo, Port Costa, Martlaez •-"•^¦^S
¦ and Way Stations..... 11.33a
t*lO3F Vallejo. 7;33»
•i COAST • _INE (S«rrow <Unge).
7 . :J: ( ffo . ot ot M'^kct street.) t-" - ;: ;r.
t~i4«A Santa Cruz Excursion to Santo Ctos :'
1 and Prlnc p«l Wsy Stations .:.... J8:03»
8:13a Nawark.C'antutTllIe..Smn Jose, Pp'.ton, .
- .; BoitiderCreek.&aiitaOruzandWay -
fjjF* Stations...... ........:...... S:S»»-
fSilffr Newark Centenille, San Jose, New ;:-.
¦ .¦ : Almaueu, Vvltoii, lionliler Creek, •' :
" . ' Sauta Criu and l'rlucinal - Way ~
Statious.:.. :;..:....'.. t... ...r.... t ••«»•*
: 4>I3p Newark, San Jose, Los Gatos { jio:'3«a
; CREEK ROUTE: FERRY.
rrsmSlH rRtNOlSOO— htt tf Msrktt *U»«l (Slis 8)— U' -
,17:15 -9:00 11:00a.H. .\ : 1:00 3:00 8:18^ M. ¦
rrta OilUBD— f«l «l Brond but.— t«:00 - J8;OO 7 1S:0»
¦;10:Q0a.m.: 12:00 3:00 -. i^Qp.M.^ >' - '- ' ¦
• COAST LINE (Broad Oange). ~* I
¦¦.¦'•../¦V-V- (Third and Townsend Sts.) , ; -•'
•: 6:I«a San Jose and Way nations. - ««»»» :
47-.BOA Han Jose ami Way KUtioiis... ...... liSO*
J7:UOa Sunday Excursion for San Jcie, ¦
¦ Santa Cru». Padnc Grota and -
• > Principal Way Stations....... ...."I8s8O».
.;: PiOOa Hau. Jole. Tres Pluos. Hiuita <!nw. :, *
'. ' i'aiiiiic.tirnrti,' -alinas. San I-nl» ¦¦-' ,
Obispo and Principal intermedUte -
5 - Bt»M..ns...:.:r.:.... ............ ' 4:10*-
1O:»Oa Ban Jcse and Way Stations.......... I 7:3«»p
/io:3*u New Almaden,.... ....... ...7....... / 8:30f
lliXltA San Jos« and Way .Stations ."....:.. StHOr
¦- tSi'lSpSan Mateo, Itedwood, Menlo Park, ,'.'
~ Palo Alto. SanU Clara. 8»».)««e. , *
/ . Tres Plnos, S«iiU Cm*. Salinas, •'-
. ;'- Monterey and I'acillc GruTe...... 110:43*.
, . »«3Op 8an Joseaml Way SUtlons i:...:.. 0s3»A
tf4sl5p San Joseaml Principal Way Stations »U»i
ti:OOp.San Jose, Los Gatos aud Principal ¦>
¦ -v Stations.....:. .I.......:....', 1»:««A
- '-- Si30r Han Joss ami Principal Way .Stations 8:33a
; > tfiovp Eedwoid, fian Jos«. Glln>y. 8aUnas, ¦¦> • :
. -¦¦-¦- Santa Barhira, Loi Angcleg...... 10:03l
- 0:OOp Del Monte. Monterey, Pacific Grove, * " - * - ¦ ¦
;'.}-'" 'Loapoo ....: IOJUSa
.' . <l:JOp San Jose ami Way Stations. ¦' t*t««»A
«ll:45p San Jose and Way Stations.. ..•- 7;3Oy
°\ ?> A for Morning. ,' ~~ ; * P for A f temoon.
r': ¦ t Sunday excepted. ¦ . t Swiday only. -• • "¦•
a Saturday only. /Tuesdays and Friday*.
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
629 KEARNY ST. Established
in 1834 for the treatment of Private '
Diseases, Lost Manhood. • Debility or
dlspase wearingron body and mind and:
Skin Diseases. The Doctor cares when .
others fall. < Try him. Charges low.';
Care* gnaranlrrd. Call or write. -
¦I)r. JT. I'. aiBBOar. a*u riancisco, Cal. _ ; ,
"BAX-WAY TBAV-I> . "¦'¦"V. V
Ch^ap Rates
JLiVKrur \t VIZI
Santa Pe
The places, the rates for the
round trip and the dates of sale
1 are below. The ether details can
; ~ be had of the Santa Fe Ajents.
BUFFALO, $87 % .00
Jane 3, 4; July 3,4; Aug. 2 2,
. 23; Sept. 5, 6.
l CHICAGO, $72.50
July 3 and 4. .
CINCINNATI, $76.50
June 30 and July I.
CLEVELAND, $82.50
COLORADO SPRINGS, $55
;> July 8 end 9.
/ DETROIT, $8^25
July I and 2. '
KANSAS CITY,. $60:00
June 3 and 4.
LOUISVILLE, $77.50
Aug. 20 and 21.
MILWAUKEE, ? $74.5O-
Ju!yl7and!8.
ST. PAUL, $67.90 :
June 3 and 4. ' v . -.- '
The best service and the pleasantest
way is furnished by the
Santa Fc
; 641 MARKET ST.
I CALIFORNIA
LIMITED
After June 3, and during the
summer, this train 'will run
, : ' semi-weekly, leaving San Fran-
cisco at 9:09 a. m. Mondays
and Thursdays, ; arriving at *
Chicago 2:15 p. m. Thursdays
III «- "and Sundays.
No other, train compares
with it for beauty or perfec-
tion of service. - ¦
SANTA FE
GAlIEOiniHOETHWESTEBI RI. Ca
':¦:,•- rs:~ -*¦**'¦:¦; LESSEE ' '; V-'- ¦ . ; ."
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Ttburon Ferry. Foot of Market St.
San Francisco to San Rafael.
WEEK DAYS— 7:30. 9:00, 11:00 a. m.; 12:S5.
2:30, 5:10. 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
at ll:S0 p.m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:59
and 11:30 p. m. - - - * : . -
SUNDAYS— 8:00. 9:30, 11:00 a. m.l 1:M, 3:30,
: 5:00. 6:20 p. m.
. ' San Rafael to San Francisco.
WEEK DAYS— ff:10. 7:50. 9:20. 11:10 aVm.; 12:45.
3:40, 5:15 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:34
- and 6:35 p.m. ¦. .
SUNDAYS— 8:10. 9:40, 11:10 a. xn.; 1:40. 3:40.
i 5:05. 6:25 p. m. . - j .'
Leave I In Effect ¦' 1 Arrive
San Francisco. [April 28, 1901. | San Franci3co.
Week I Sun- I ~ I Sun- I Week
Days, [-days. | Destination. [ days." | Days.
7:30 am T 8:00 am 'Novato. 10:40 am 8:40 am,
3:30 pm 9:30 am Petaluma. 6:05 pm 10:25 aa
5:10 pm 5:00 pm Santa Rosa. 7:35 pm 6:20 pm
• v . . -j. . Fulton. . . . •
-7:30 am Windsor. ¦ - 10:25 ant
6:00 pm Healdsburg- 10:40 am
. - Lytton^ ¦;¦_ .- V'.--
. . ' . Geyservllle»
3:30 pm 8:00 am Cloverdale.' 7:35 pm (:20 pm
7:30 ami 5:00 pml Hopland 110:40 am 110:25 am
3:30 pm| 8:00 am[ and Uklah. I 7:33 pm| 6:20 pm
' 7:30 ami ? .-.*;.,. 10:40 am 10:25 am
- ( 8:00 am Guernevllle. 7:33 pm
3:30 pm] 5:00 pm . . - -f ; 6:20 pm
. 7:30 ami 8:00 ami Sonoma I 9:15 ami 8:40 am
' . . {• • and I - I
5:10 pm; 5:00 pm| Glen Ellen. | 6:05 pmf 6:20 pm
7:30 am t 8:00 ami - • ¦ : ' ~ . Jl0:40 am|10:25 am
3:30 pm| 5:00 prnf Sebastopol. | 7:33 pm| 6:20 pm
'' Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West .
Springs and White Sulphur Spinrgs; at Fulton
for Aitrurla; at 'Lytton. for Lytton Springs; at
Gey servlHe for Skaggs Springs ; at Cloverdal »
for the Geysers: at Hopland for Duncan
Springs, Highland I Springs. Kelaeyville, Carls-
bad Springs. Soda Bay, Lakeport and Bartlett.
Springs; at Ukfah for Vichy Springs, Saratoga
Springs, Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake.' Witter •
Springs. Upper • Lake, Posao. Potter Valley.
Johr. Day's. - Riverside. Lierley's, Bucknells.
Sanhedrin' Heights. - Hullvllle. Orr 1 * Hot
Springs. Menddcino City. Fort Bragg. West-
port. Usal. Wllllts. - LaytonviUe. Cummins.
Bell's -, Springs, •Harris. Olsen'a,' Dyer," Scotia
and Eureka: ¦ ¦ ' * . ' " " . : ¦
Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at re- .
duced rates. "¦•'¦• . - - . ,
On ' Sunday round . trip tickets to all point*
beyond San Rafael at half rates. ¦ • • ¦
Ticket OfHce, 650 Market street. Chronicle
y -\ ' Building. : • ;¦
H. C. WHITING... R..X. RYAX.
... G«n. Manager.- Gen.- Pass. Agt.
MORTH PACIFIC COASIRAILROAD.'
. - Via SausaMto Ferry..
• Commencing '.April 2S. 130L :
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLEY
- ¦ • AND SAN RAFAEL. •
VTEEK DAYS-^:55. 8:30. - "9:30. 11:00 a. m..
12:45. •1:45.. 3:15. 4:15. 6:15. *6:13. 6:45 p. m. ¦.-
EXTRA TRIPi5-For Mill .Valley and San
Rafael • on-. Mondays, -Wednesdajs, Saturdays
and Sundays -at 9^0 and '11:40 p. m. .'",.-
( SUNDAYS— 7:00. 8:00. *9:00. •10:00. 11:00, U:3O
a. * m., 12:45. n:3O. ; 2:30. . *3:45. 5:C0. «:00. 7:30
•p. xn.--- 1^:00 a. ¦ m. '¦¦ does ¦ not : run to . San • Rafael
Sundays^ -¦'"'* "<¦*-•- ' *•-.•'
• Tralna marked • (•) run to San Quentln. :
FROM SAN -RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
- WEEK -DAYS— •5:25." 6:27. 7:47. 8:35. 10:13
a. m.: •12:25.il:15. 2:20, •3:33. 4:40. 6:30 p. m.'
EXTRA v.TRIPS on ¦' Mondays; . Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 1 6:43 and 10:00 p.m. , - -
SUNDAYS— 6:15/ »«:00. 9:45. 11:00 a. m.. »13
m..: 1:00. -2:13. J»J:30. *4:30. -^:45. -6:45. 7:3O.;10:lO
p. ¦ m. - s ;»"' '¦•- *¦.'¦.---*.';¦¦ . v ' "
¦ Trains marked * (•) ' start - from San i Quentln.
FROM 1ULL.. VALLEY- TO, SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK r DAYS— 5:43.. 6:4* v ,7:55.'g:53. 10:30 "
a. m.. 12:35. 1:45. 2:45. 3:50; 5:10. ¦ 6:20 p. m.
•i- EXTRA • TRIPS ¦ on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:35 p.- m.v . ; ¦• .•-¦-¦
..SUNDAYS— 6:35. ,8:00. 10:05, 11:10 a. m.. 12:15.
l-»0. 2:30.' 3:45. 5:00,. 6:15, 7:15, 10:30 p.m. ¦¦
... :-¦¦-. --•• THROUGH TRAINS.
' 6:55«a. m. week days— Cazadero and way sta-.
tions. ,¦•;:'¦-'"¦ ¦.;¦"'•""¦.-
'3:15 p. m. Saturdays— Cazadero and, way sta-
tions. : : " ¦ -¦¦'¦' : '. .
••» 5:15 p. m- week days • (Saturdays escepted)—
Tomalea and way stations. , -
- .8 a. m, Sundays — Cazadero. and .way stations.
' 10:00 . a." m. Sundays— Point :, Reyes ;¦ an4 way ,
•tations. . j.. 'TOUNG ATTORNEY AND POLITI
CIAN OF SAN FRANCISCO WHO
DIED' IN- THE PHILIPPINES.
'-.Ver_s (cures' Piles, or $50 reward. For
sale by all druggistt. •. ; "..'- V \ m
.Woman tempted man. to "eat, but he took
to'drink of his own accord.*." '
Trapper's OH cures rheumatism and neuralgia.
DruKlsts. ; BOc na»k. Richards & Co.; 406 Clay.*
' St. ; Charles Parish Picnic.
. The annual 'reunion; of the I people of St. /]
Charles Barromeoi parish I in • the Mission';
will be held' at' Fernbrook :Park, Nilsa
Canyon^ on , Tuesdays June 11. ¦ The - games'
committee r Is : arranging v for ; an inter
parish. hill-climbing -contest .for • boys,
¦which is attracting much ; attention. : ' '
Southern Pacific ; 'Eastern : excursions;
June ,3 and 4:: Buffalo and return, $87: St.;
Paul and return," $67 90;\-Kansas ; City, and
return, $60. Tickets on sale June 3 and ! 4;
limit 60, days, stopovers going and return
ing; choice of routes. Full Information at
Southern Pacific office, 613 Market street.
Witnesses to Crime Notify Police and
tlie Bobber Is Ar
: -\'. r ';';.\ ¦¦.*-•. !< rested.
r John • Keese ! was • held up on Howard
street, j near ! Spear | last night by Walter
Mygard and j relieved of a nickel watch
and 20 cents./. :
'• Keese," who. is 60 years qt age, was on
his way to his room in a lodging-house in
the i neighborhood when commanded by
Mygard, who is about 23 years of age, to
"stand and , deliver." •-.
Several persons standing some distance
away, witnessed : the hold-up and notified
Officers King and '• McParkland, - and the
robber was . caught .within ' a: Bhort i dis
tance from the place where the crime was
committed.' . .
WALTER* MYGABD HOLDS
V TJP : AGED JOHN KEESE
•r>—— — ¦ ¦ — ¦ — — v
THE 'many friends of "W.'J.:At
tridge, a promising young.attor
ney, were shocked to learn upon
the arrival of the last transport
from j Manila that he had died
there, supposedly of fever. Two years
ago he was seriously ill from an attack
of appendicitis, but recovered and did not
seem to suffer trom any after effects. He
was - at that time assistant prosecuting
attorney in Judge Conlan's .court, '¦', in
which office he made hosts of friends.
The deceased was a past president of
Presidio Parlor, Native Sons of the Gold
en "West, and always took a warm Inter
est in the success of the parlor. He. had
political aspirations while here and if
he had remained he would have been" a
leading candidate for the office of Justice
of the Peace. He retired in favor of a
friend prior to trie nominations for the
last election. He> left for Manila some
months ago, end it -was understood by
his friends that he was to secure a judge
ship there, for which he was eminently
qualified. Although quite a young man.
he had the happy faculty of making and
keeping friends and his untimely end will
I be sincerely mourned by them. He was
born in this city.
MURDER OF LITTLE ROBBIE HISLOP
STILL REMAINS A DEEP MYSTERY
Police Have Nearly Given Up Hope of Arresting the Fiend.
Silly Story (in a Yellow Paper a Rank Fake.
It is extremely doubtful if ; the brutal
.murderer of Robbie ' Hlslop will 'ever; be
caught. The police, after following up
every clew, have about realized the hope
lessness of their task and -are' ready to
admit that they are up: against it.
'.."It is the deepest mystery I have ever
had to deal with," ( said; Captain of De
tectives Seymour last night. "We have
all along worked in the dark, hoping to
get. some tangible clew to the perpetrator
of the awful crime, but without success.
As far as the identity of the murderer is
concerned we know as much about it now
as we did when we first worked on the
case. However, there is always a hope
that something will turn up that will
eventually lead to the apprehension . of
the fiend.". . -„ : - ",'.'¦'.¦ ,.
The silly story published in a" yellow
paper that the hatchet which is in the
possession of the- police was the prop
erty of a man who had killed some chick
ens in the lot opposite the Hislop resi
dence on the , afternoon of I the murder
caused laughter in police circles yester
day, i It was stated -in the article that
three boys— Harry Qulnn of 34 Octavla
street, Lester Conn, 71 Halght street, and
George Benton. 102 Octavfa street, saw
the man enter the lot, take four chickens
out of a box and chop their, heads off.
It was also claimed that the man left
the hatchet behind him. . This hatchet,
the yellow sheet claimed, was the ; one
-that was found in the lot by the police
and which is supposed to be the one used
by the murderer. . .
The three boys were Interviewed by
Detective Tom Gibson yesterday and they
all gave the lie to the story. They were
unanimous in declaring that the episode
happened on Decoration day and not on
the afternoon of the murder, as the story
read.. After killing the chickens the man
picked up their headless bodies, and
placing the bloody hatchet under his arm
walked away. This was all. there was to
the incident.' , ¦
The hatchet which the police think was
used by the murderer still awaits an
owner. Hundreds of people have exam
ined it, but not one had ever seen it be
fore. . Captain Seymour is Inclined to be
lieve that the owner does not read the
newspapers and knows nothing about the
awful tragedy, or that, fearing notoriety,
he does not want 'his identity known-
CKELDBEN ENTEBTATN" "
IN FBENCH LANGUAGE
Alliance Franchise Holds tts Annual
I Distribution of Prizes for Schol- ;
' * , ars in" This '. City. - i >
The . annual distribution of prizes and
exercises of the /Alliance .Francaise were
held yesterday afternoon'' In ¦•Native -Sons'
Hall on Mason 'street '.in the^presence r of
a large number of ; relatives . and
of the pupils. The Alliance, is a
association for the propagation ., of ; the
French language, in all parts of the world
and Is not confined. to French people.
,. A iftost interesting programme was ren
dered yesterday by the pupils of , the va
rious schools situated . in ¦. this city, g A
short address was made : by, the French
Consul General. : M. H. Dalleraagne, .who
dwelt .upon the • importance of the study
of : the i mother tongue j by the children of .
French descent." , ;;¦: ¦¦¦'¦¦ '-.'¦' • ; ¦ '. . > J
Musical numbers were rendered by an
orchestra under the : direction I of Signor
Martinez -and recitations and songis. were
given by the r following named .children: ¦
? Minnie Bohr.": ; Eunice : Josselyn. : HazeP De-;
lucca. Conception . Lucich.' Celestine ¦¦¦ Marc.
Lucte Glesa, I^aura Freitaa Stanley Hincelpt.
Rene Breton. - Helene Laverme, . Emma Berta.'
Charles I/anrrave. Suzanne, Pepin. Genevieve
Bassot, Edouard Garrignio and ; Georses La
manet.: ~'~, : 'I,-.;' '. -*'¦,.¦ "...'••.::•• '^" : --'--J-. [.'¦£*¦.
: ; Children dressed in 'national colors san|
American and French patriotic songs and.
the boys and girls were assisted by their
teachers. •¦;•'/ *--'-'fVx.r:'« ."' «- ¦ ; ; " ¦;• ¦ ¦
SEEKS HIS FORTUNE IN MANILA
AND MEETS HIS DEATH INSTEAD
W. J. Attridge; Formerly a Popular Young Attorney
of Siah^Franciscb and Prominent in the Order
¦:" E . of Native Sons, Dies of Fever in Philippines
FOOTPADS ROB
AND BEAT GIRL
Miss A. Williams Held
Up Near Her Home
in Oakland.
Choked and Relieved of
Her Valuables.
Knocked Down, After Being
Captain Petersen of the Oakland Police
Department sent oui. a posse of policemen
to scour the city for the two footpads; but
up to a late hour they had not been ap
prehended.
The force of the brutal punch sent the
girl reeling to the ground, where the
brace of robbers left her and quickly made
their escape. HaJf-consclous, she strug
gled to her feet and theji managed to at
tract attention of pedestrians on the op
posite side of he street. She was assisted
to her home and then the police were
called. Miss Williams' face was badly
bruised from, the blows. She could give
only a meager description of her assail
ants.
Miss Williams screamed once and then
struggled to free herself rfom the robber's
grasp, biting his finders in the fight; He
involuntarily released his hold, but only
for a second, as his companion with an
oath snatched the bag from the belt and
then struck the girl heavily on the head.
The first highwayman then threw the girl
from him and "No. 2 again dealt Miss
Williams a heavy blow In the face with
his fist. -
Directly across the street from the
scene of the robbery, In Madison square,
were numbers of people enjoying the
bright moonlight- night. , The one scream
the girl gave as the footpads grabbed and
throttled her was heard in the park, but
none paid sufficient heed to the. cry to
go to the assistance of the helpless young
woman. The robbers grabbed a chate
laine bag that dangled from her waist
belt and made off with the plunder, after
beating Miss Williams on the head and
face. The purse contained $1 50.
Miss Williams had been calling on
friends and was hurrying down Madison
street toward her home. She noticed two
young men on the same side of the street,
but paid no attention to them. Just as
she passed the crossing at Ninth street
the men separated quickly and without
a word one of them /grabbed her by the
throat with one hand and quickly threw
her head back, putting his other , hand
over her mouth.
Miss Augusta Williams, a stenographer,
residing at 865 Madison street, Oakland,
was held up and robbed at 10:30 o'clock
last night by two footpads, after she had
made a plucky fight and had been .bru
tally beaten by the pair ' of desperadoes.'
The robbery occurred at Ninth and Madl-'
son streets, within a block of the young
woman's home, under the shadow of the
trees that line the sidewalk. • ¦
Jones of Stockton made a hurried trip
to Oakland late last night and induced
Deputy County Clerk C. F. Pugh to pro
vide them with a marriage license.
Brown gave his age as 33 ,»nd the girl
confessed to 20 years. After securing the
license they departed to find a clergyman
to tie the matrimonial knot. They did
not confide in Mr. Pugh the reason of
their haste to be made one or any details
as to their identity. .
EAGER TO BE MADE ONE
WITHOUT LOSS OF TIKE
James Brown and Vivien Jones Visit
Oakland at Night to Secure
Marriage License.
James Brown of this city and Vivien
John C. Clemans was arrested yesterr
day on a warrant from Los Angeles
charging him with embezzlement;
Clemans was formerly bookkeeper for
the. Ice and Cold Storage Company of
Los Angeles. He left the employ of
the. company on February 6. and it is
claimed that he is short in his accounts
between $800 and $900. ; - .
BOOKKEEPER ARRESTED
ON EJOEZZLEMENT CHARGE
Employe of Los Angeles Finn Ac
cused ot. Appropriating Com
• pany's Cash.
The crowds that enjoyed the Sabbath at
the park and beach ' yesterday were un
usually large. Many picnicked on the
beach. > . .
The bill at the Chutes was extremely
entertaining. New features, are being
added to the grounds . and the theater
every week. ¦ •
The warm weather induced one of the
largest crowds of the season to enter the
Sutro Baths yesterday. The regular
Sunday aquatic sports were held j and
afforded much amusement. The results
were as follows: •".
75-yard special race— Thomas A. "Wolfe first.
50-yard raae for juveniles— P. Sundburg, first;
H. Heinz, second. t . ,
100-yard race for amateurs— H. Heinz, , first;
P. Sunburr. second. ,' ¦.
Tub race— L. James, 'first; G.. Rey, second;
L. Harris, third. ' ?
High diving— T. Stockton, first; P. Sundburg,
sceond. . • -
Trick and fancy diving— "W. Carroll, first; T.
Louis, second.
Under- water swimming race— H. Heinz, first;
H. Licker, second. ¦ . ;¦
At the Park and Beach.
Joseph Moran, employed in the stereo
typing department of The Call, while run
ning .in a race at the grocers' picnic at
Schuetzen Park yesterday, fell and broke
his knee-cap in two places. He was
brought to San Francisco and placed in
a hospital for treatment.
Call Employe Severely Hurt.
Wedding invitations, announcements, at
home and visiting: cards enjrraved and
printed In the newest forms at "the lowest
prices. Wedding cake boxes from 50 cents
per dozen up. Sanborn, Vail & Co., 741
Market st. " '" .••- • . • > ~" ¦ •:
Weddings for June.
THE SAN mNClSGQ? CALL^MONDAY, JUNE , 3, 1901.
10
' 1 ¦."
*- * .
Come and sea -. ¦ .
"Tour Bosom Friend,**
¦ Gibson's $1 Shirt. ,
JOHN T.; GIBSON,"
The man that- was boycotted,
1204 MARKET ST.. ¦ -. ',':. ';
' ' Nr. Golden Gate ave. . .
, " Telephone Folsom 438.
New effects in Stripe and Plaid
Neckwear' just received. 50c each. ,';
. '¦¦¦,¦; ' ' '..' ¦' , •. '¦ - . '¦
• •An Honest Man with Honest^Prlcet.*' •
COLPBBBg. BOWER * 00*8 8PICIAL SAVI58 SALE
.;• XCD
New Seasons Japan; Teas
You will appreciate the difference
between old and new tea
Monday Tuesday Wednesday
Eggs
Fresh— of course doz I7^C
G s o o.s'e live r
Puree de foies gras— or . r
Sandwich paste— reg'ly, 25c can
M a c*a r on i
La Favorita— reg'ly 15c Ib . ,, 1 -
Vermicelli— Spaghetti— Letters IZ 2 C -
Tomato catsup
Best quality— 2 flavors T --
reg'ly 20c bottle 1 5 C
R ipe O 1 i v e s
Whole ripe— from Oroville quart 3 OC
Grown by Mr. Louis Glass gal $ 1 i o
S a r d i n e s
French— boneless - oi±r
reg'ly 25c large can 2
J^ams and jelli es
Sweet Brier— reg'ly 20c can ICC
< ,L e n t 1 Is
German-reg'ly ioc lb 3J lbs 25c
M acker el
Something you'll enjoy for «-,"
breakfast— reg'ly $1—5 lb pail 9 OC
B u r g»u n d y
Mountain vineyard-reg'ly $1 gal A cc
rich flavor— heavy body U 5 C
Whisky f{
¦ Old Crow bourbon-1893 bot $1 25 $1 oc
/Hermitage rve^ • 1886 ;St|?^|i ~
gal 600, 4 50
; G p c^k t.a i 1 s
; Imperial— ready to use '
six kinds-regiyji 25 bottle ¦ 9 OC
Root Bee r
fj^sparkllng-reg'ly $1. 15 dcz <* T
Healthful summer drink , v *> l
Asparagus.
Sunbeam— good quality. 26c $2.2 C
B;o u i 1 1 o/nv
Anker capsules— celery : 'flavor > iVrV,
z reg'ly 30c box of ten v , . ; , 2 5 C
B aki n g p o?wcle(r
Excelsior— pure reliable— , ' _
reg ly 40c Ib— 1 lb and 5 lb cans 3 Oc
Imported f i g s
, Smyrna layers— reg'ly 25c lb 2OC
SPECIAL SALE
Gommeiiping Monflaij, June 3. ;
; wlUlTjl^eii sale an
immense DUPcha'SB of FINE
EMBROIDERIES.inNAIN-
SOORanflGAMBRIG^otli
ED&INGS INSERTtN&S
and ALL-OVERS.
Prices from 5c to 50c per yard.
These EmtiroifleFies are a
: purcliase mafle tiu us from
a manufacturer in ST.
GALL, SWITZERLAND,
v ana will -be sola fully 50
per cent less than peaulap
prices. -
See our >vindow exhibit
of above goods.
III. 113, 115. IIT. 119. 121 POST STREET. '
/ ADVEBTISEMENTS> " ''.¦ . . _ .1 -_
"no LliF
TO BARGAIN OPPORTUNITIES
Seasonable Bargain ODDortunities of Seasonahle and
Fashionable Goods, for You Know Fashions
Make Their Initial Bow at the Big Kearng-
¦ Street Store, Th£u ! re With Us Mpndau at
BARGAIN PRFCES,
(g&^Q^ The Ullfil
/^^^^^& Engflish ' . .
jfm'^mm Create
fWStn stock^
I \\ mmi^^wi I /i j!| That 1 silts smart Scarf
\ \-MfllSi P^Ss ll\ ¦ ' I f or^ a^ es ' No end of em
I I White Piques among
\ /^^^^^^^8 I >ent - Fashions that you
\ ISlliiSiSKiiSi / w^ i m y as 7nuc^ 1 as $1
\ / f°? ™ v sol7he stores, and a
\ / assortment .to pick
\ JIJH^lSSplm / from with ivs at
fe^l^K?- I Iv \-E I \W&&3k
HMs^cr^S»r^?MrSMl"'^^r^^^B8 '
_ "^iWMflM^Map y o ,. # jr o fifc chaps between the
a'Ses of 9 and 16 years. Special
at -
• Q
J^^^^ Genuine Mxican
S:^ : '^^^mk ' Sombrero Hats
fi^m Wm- for Boys
. and Girls I
i SW^ WiiK the silvr lies trinmv : n^.
\'^\^^ S^^>"V^')^ / Th". ideal summer Hit. IS ovi*.
\^$&*!&£z??£?5&lw 500 of 'em in mor Children's
M$^ JL Wash Fabric Suits.
Special prices on these for
v i • . Monday.
f Sweaters, Outfag SuJU. | Everything your chap requires for %
J Big^Speclals Monday. outing at special prices Monday. T
• Uhiom SquAPc Ave. "
gOLDBEBg. BOWKf * CO'S 8PICIAL SKTCSQ 3 ALB
Toilet ammonia
Violet— lavender^reg'Iy 30c bot ? fr
refreshing for the bath z 5 u
H am a m c 1 i s
K pint 15c pint 25c quart 40
For sunburn— frecklss— bruises— handy
in the country
Don't spoil a good hearty
appetite with poor food —
get our groceries— the best
groceries delivered to your
country home or camp at
city prices.
Send for catalogue
¦ 43a Pine 3j2 Satter *8e» California San Francises
Thirteenth and Clay street* Oik!a-KJ
Telephone
Eye=GIasses
Are broken and -we ¦will send for them, repair-
ins and returning them the pama day. Ijeasea.
60 cents; Astigmatic Lenses. $1 and $1 50.
Oculists' prescriptions niled. Factory oa
premises. Quick repairing. Phone. Mala Ml
¦wticwns^SB^SJJ*
642 Market 5t. ihstruwmu
uwatw CMaowqi BUW.0IN&. C*TAtOCUt FrIC.
FOR SALE.
Improved Farm of 2000 Acres
Rich Valley Land in Ma-
dera County.
- For particulars address FARM, S3 ituist
Street. B. F. '. , , . *
drmonulty;
I^HIS ¦WTmjr^-KXOW^T AND RFXIABI.E OLD
. Specialist c«re*Blood Poison, Gonorrbceu,Gleet,
Strleturp, Seminal Weakness. Impotence and tbelr
allied Disordprs. Kook on Diseases of Ms-<, fr^x
Ov»r20years>xper!ence.T^rnM reasonable. Hourn.
9to3daily;6:30toS.30ev'p!tSundays,10tol2. Conanl-
tatJonfreeandsacredly confidential. Call oraddresa
P. BOSCOK 3I*XUl.TX. M. D.
S6K Kearny St., San Franclscc, Cal-
NOT A SAiSITARlUM.
An erroneous report has sained circulation
that* the. El Monte Hotel at Los Gatos is to tx»
run . as a sanitarium. Mr. John Xevlll, pro-
prietor of this popular resort, wishes th« pub-
He to know that. the El Monte Hotel tv 111 b» .
conducted as a strictly flrst-class hotel; offer-
ing special Inducements to fanjllles.. ¦ '• » ..^^"
; UI7. ¦ TV HES9, '\'xi
K0TAHY PUBLIC AND 'ATTaaNEY-AT-lAfrXV"
Tenth Floor. RooJn 101S. . Claua Spreckela^wi ?
¦ Telephone Brown 931.- <i -T ,
Residence, 821 California St., below Pa'wtIL'.
.' &aa Francisco. ¦¦-- A % \
OPTICAL I WKk
coops JSK1
\- That is the reason I
we devoted years; to
theacqu'rement of \ a .
V know! idge
of the human-ieye and
its wants. When wa ;
; : fit eyeg T ass>s : we do
so stri-tly on scienticic
principhs.
StAK^pOPTJsfttGo.
2I7 Itanie^t- 5aiv &wciKol