VOLUME XC- NO. 164.
FINANCIAL LEADERS FAIL TO ALTER
PRESIDENT'S ATTITUDE TOWARD TRUSTS
FUGITIVES
ENTRAP TWO
PURSUERS
Escaped Convicts Make
Sheriff and Deputy
Prisoners.
Kansas Officers Are Held
Captive Three Hours in
Fanner's House.
Criminals Force From Them a Prom
ise of Immunity From Arrest and
Walk Unscathed Through
Cordon of Policemen.
* TCPEKA, Kans., Nov. Sheriff Cook
( f tils county and Deputy Sheriff Wil
liams were captured by two of the es
%&.ped Federal penitentiary convicts this
afternoon at Pauline, rive miles south of
here, and held for several hours. The
convicts, whose names cannot be learned,
then escaped through a line of policemen,
going eastward.
At 2:30 o'clock this afternoon some
farmer boys near Pauline became ac
quainted with the fact that the convicts
•were in the neighborhood and soon had
a. posse organized and were in pursuit.
The escaped prisoners had no arms or
ammunition and were compelled to run
before the posse, which was armed with
£2-callber rifles, small pistols, clubs and
almost every other kind of weapon.
The Sheriff soon heard of the chase and
started for the scene. He and Deputy
Williams came up to the convicts and
both of the officers fired, wounding the
men, but not disabling them. The con
victs then fled through a small open space
in the timber and ran into the house of
If a farmer named Wooster. The officers
followed.
Runs Into Arms of Convict.
Sheriff Cook believed the convicts had
run around the house and he darted
through the open door, intending to sur
prise them at the back door. But, in
stead of this, the convicts had gone into
the house and as the Sheriff ran in he
fell right into the arms of the convict
nearest the door. He was ordered to give
up his revolver, which he did. Deputy
Sheriff Williams had by this time reached
the house, not knowing what had occur
red, and he, too, was gathered in by the
convicts.
Before he was captured the Sheriff had
been thoughtful enough to telephone to
Topeka for help. Chief Stahl, with eight
officers, hastened to the scene and arrived
there after the other officers had been
imprisoned about an hour.
Chief Stahl immediately began negotia
tions with the convicts to give up their
prisoners and surrender themselves, but
they could not see it that way. Farmer
Wooster then managed to get a gun and
made an attack on the convicts, but was
laid low by a blow from the butt of a
— revolver. The fugitives broke Wooster's
1 right hand and cut an ugly gash in his
* head.
Threaten to Kill Sheriff.
The leader of the convicts told Sheriff
Cook that he would be killed if he made
the slightest move looking toward their
capture, and he promised to be good. In
the meantime the police officers on the
outside were afraid to do anything, be
cause the convicts threatened to kill the
Imprisoned officers if they did.
At 7 o'clock the convicts had managed
to revive Mrs. Wooster, who had fainted
from fright, and placed Sheriff Cook and
her in front of them as shields. They
then started out, after first exacting a
promise from Sheriff Cook that he would
not permit any of the officers to fire at
them. The prisoners left the house and
started down the railroad t^ack. They
¦walked through a cordon of police-offi
cers, who could have captured them eas
ily, but the Sheriff had given the con
victs his word that they would not be
molested. After walking down for some
distance, the convicts suddenly disap
peared through a hedge fence, after bid
ding the officers a mocking farewell. One
of the police sergeants in attendance said
he could easily have touched the leading
p* convict with his hand as he passed.
Prevents Capture of Fugitives.
The convicts got a good start before
the officers recovered from their surprise.
Then some of the policemen wanted to
pursue, but the Sheriff would not permit
it, as. he said he had promised the fugi
tives immunity from arrest.
The Chief of Police started back to
town, but left some of his men on the
econe, and they began a chase later or.
They expect to capture the convicts be
fore morning, as the entire country is
aroused. <:'
The convicts are well armed, as they
took all the weapons in the farmhouse.
Including those of the officers. Both are
¦white men.
Sheriff Cook arrived from Pauline at 10
o'clock to-night. He was somewhat dis
figured and his clothes were ragged,' but
he had lost rone of his nerve by his usage
at the hands of the convicts. In telling
the e-ory of his experiences he made no
attempt to conceal the humorous aspect
the affair. Sheriff Cook said that when
t* the affair. Sheriff Cook said that when
y* and Deputy Williams reached the
scene in the afternoon one of the farmer
boys, a lad of 18 years, who had been
chasing the convicts was popping away
The San Francisco Call.
MAIL BRINGS
DIRE THREAT
TO GOVERNOR
Unknown Persons Men
ace Life of Oregon
Executive.
Police Instructed to Watch
for Suspicious Char
acters.
Letter Dated in Northern California
Demands the Pardon of Prisoner
in Walla Walla
Prison.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
REDDING. Xov. 10.— Governor Geer of
Oregon has instructed the police and de
tectives of that State, and particularly
those ¦ from Salem south to the Oregon
line, to keep a sharp lookout for suspi
cious characters, who may be those who
by letter have boldly threatened his life.
A missive which he received may have
been intended as a joke, but the Governor
has thought enough of it to place the in
formation in the hands of the officers.
The would-be murderers claim that they
live at Dunsmuir and at Redding. The
threatening letter, demanding the release
of a prisoner, with the Governor's death
as the alternative, is thought to have
been written by parties who wished their
demand acceded to but who may not have
meant to carry out the vengeance they
suggest.
Text of the Letter.
The letter is written on a letterhead of
the Mount Shasta Hotel, at Dunsmuir.
Apparently it was not mailed for several
days after being written or cisc is dated
back. The full text of the letter Is as fo'.
lows:
"DUNSMUIR. Cal., Nov. 2, 190 L
"To the Go vet/nor of Oregon — Dear 81r:
We wish to have no trouble nor do we wish
to cause you trouble. We ask of you to
pardon and turn out of the penitentiary
at Walla Walla, Or., Edwin V. Tuie
man, who is doing a twenty years' sen
tence. You will please pardon and re
lease him from 6aid prison inside of six
days from the receipt of this letter, and
if you do not comply with the above in
side of the time fixed above (six days)
you will be treated to the same medicine
McKinley got. If you want to save your
self and family you had better act at
once. Act at once and save trouble, if
you do not do as above requested you
will be shot down without notice.
Bidding Their Residence.
"I am writing this notice from the
above place. I live, or I should say, we
live, the parties who intend to carry out
this scheme — part of us live here and
part in Redding, Cal. They may live in
some other country. Good-by. Please obey
above and oblige,
"(Signed)
"SIX DIFFERENT PARTIES."
The writer is evidently under the im
pression that the Walla Walla prison is
in Oregon, while, as a matter of fact, U
is in Washington. Edwin fuieman is said
to have formerly lived in Northern Cali
fornia. If Redding parties are really in
terested 'in the letter sent to Governor
Geer the local authorities appear to have
no clew whatever to them.
at the men with a target rifle. Cook
snapped his revolver five times, but only
two cartridges exploded. One bullet hit
the bigger of the convicts fn the arm,
while Williams caught the other with a
bullet in the leg. Then a long chase en
sued. Cook finally rounded-up at the
Wooster farmhouse, where the big con
vict met him at the door.
Accepts Convict's Invitation.
"Come in, or I'll kill you," commanded
the fugitive.
"I went in," said the Sheriff. "The wom
an was screaming, Wooster was lying on
a couch unconscious. His skull was
cracked and his right hand broken. The
other convict was crouched behind a door,
his revolver drawn upon me. Having
searched me, the big fellow asked if I
was the Sheriff.
" "I am looking for the Sheriff,' he said
'I want to kill him.'
"Under the circumstances I told him
that I was onl> a farmer. Then he toM
me he would take me along as a shieli
from the men outside. Stahl and his men
had arrived by that time, and the bi"j
man told me to call him into the house.
He paid he wanted more guns and an
other shield. But Stahl remained where
he was.
"Finally I was commanded to take Mrs.
Wooster's arm. The convicts got behind
us and in that order we marched to the
field. Mrs. Wooster was half-fainting.
She tried to scream, but I put my hand
over her mouth. They reached the hedge,
the big man snapped the gun ineffectively
at me and both made off in the dark
ness."
Bloodhounds will be started out from
Lawrence in the morning.
Tulare County's Honey Yield.
VISALIA, Nov. 10.— M. J. Rouse will
ship 6ix carloads of honey out of Visalia
to-morrow. He estimates the total honey
yield of Tulare County this year at fif
teen carloads, or about 300,000 pound*
SAN FRANCISCO, MONDAY, NOVEMBER 11, 1901.
CHAMBERLAIN MAY HAVE
TO RETRACT HASTY WORDS
THREE European statesmen who are central figures in a con
troversy that has brought Germany and Great Britain to the
verge of a rupture. Joseph Chamberlain's criticism of the conduct of
the German troops during the Franco-Prussian war has aroused a
storm of indignation throughout the Fatherland. Bitter denunciations
of the British Colonial Secretary are being uttered at students' meet
ings in various cities of Ger- -
many, and the Imperial Chan
cellor, Count yon Bulow, lias
been petitioned to demand, satis
faction of Great Britain for the
insult, through the German Em
bassador in London.
GREAT METEOR
SHOWERS FIRE
ON MOUNTAINS
Californians Witness a
Remarkable Scene
in Arizona.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
TUCSON, Nov. 10.— E. A. Davis of San
Francisco, Senator John F. Davis of Ama
dor, Cal., and J. N. Curtis, manager of the
Silver Bell copper mines, were witnesses
of a startling phenomenon while riding
south of Red Rock station on the South
ern Pacific railroad last Wednesday after
noon.
The party was three miles from Red
Rock at 5:20 p. m., when a meteor of
enormous size and matchless beauty came
into view directly above Picacho peak. A
moment later it burst with a distinct re
port that seemed like the sound of a
distant cannon shot. The sky for miles
arourJG was lighted as if by a gigantic
rocket. The illumination lasted for a few
seconds and was succeeded by a light
cloud of smoke.
All the members of the party saw the
explosion and were convinced from the
clearness of the report that It must have
occurred at no very great distance. Red
Rock is thirty-three miles west of this
city.
FIGHTS HIGHWAYMEN
TO SAVE HIS MONEY
NANAIMO. B. C, Nov. 10.— John Bakka,
while on his way home last night with
his month's pay was held up by some
men in the suburbs of Nanaimo. One of
them attacked him with a finife while
another fired at him with a revolver.
Bakka drew his knife and tried to carve
his way through the highwaymen. He
stabbed one in the breast and another in
the Bhoulder. They closed in upon him,
however, and his case was looking hope
less when a buggy approached and the
men took to their heels. The police are
looking for them to-day, but so far have
ixat made am' arrests.
WAR'S BURDEN
TO FALL UPON
CAPE COLONY
New Scheme Involves a
Levy of Loyalists
En Masse.
LONDON, Nov. 11.— In a letter dated Oc
tober 23, the Cape Town correspondent of
the Daily Mail says:
"Lord Kitchener and Sir John Gordon
Sprigg (the Cape Premier), have arranged
a scheme for the expulsion of the invaders
from Cape Colony. A joint commission of
imperial and colonial military chiefs has
been sitting here for some days past to
draft a scheme.
"It is understood that this provides for
the colony taking a large share in the fu
ture campaign and contributing largely
toward its cost. Apparently a levy of
loyalists en masse is the idea involved."
According to the Daily News Major
General lan Hamilton, who sailed on
Saturday for South Africa to act as Lord
Kitchener's chief of staff, takes a plan
prepared in London for a more vigorous
campaign with a view of ending the war
before the coronation festivities begin.
"General Hamilton's appointment," says
the Dally News, "is part of a plan ar
ranged after the King's return from the
continent about six weeks ago. Unless
Lord Kitchener should decline to be
complaisant the new scheme Is likely to
develop about the beginning of the year.''
TERRIBLE GUN ACCIDENT
ABOARD A BATTLESHIP
Officer and Six Artillerymen Killed
and Captain and Thirteen
Sailors Injured.
ATHENS, Nov. 10.— A terrible gun acci
dent occurred Saturday on board the
British battleship Royal Sovereign out
side of the Astoka harbor.
An artilleryman forgot to close the
breech before the gun was fired. One offi
cer and six artillerymen were killed out
right, the bodies being terribly mutilated,
and the captain and thirteen sailors were
seriously injured.
SEVERE EARTHQUAKE
IN ASIATIC TURKEY
Many Houses Are Destroyed and tt.e
Inhabitants Seek Safety in
the Open.
CONSTANTINOPLE, Nov. 10.— A severe
earthquake occurred Friday at Erzeroum.
Many houses were destroyed and the in
habitants sought safety in the open.
MASO IS A CANDIDATE
FOR PRESIDENCY OF CUBA
' HAVANA, Nov. 10.— The " Democratic
party has nominated General Bartolome
Maso as its candidate for the Presidency
of Cuba, -
MANILA FIRMS
SUPPLYING RICE
TO INSURGENTS
Strong Evidence Accum
ulates Against an
Agent.
MANILA, Nov. 10.— Incriminating: evi
dence is accumulating- against Gibson
Easton, the representative of two of the
largest firms in Manila who were recent
ly expelled from Samar on a charge of
dealing with the insurgents, and he prob
ably will be arrested and tried. Lukban's
commissary general, who was recently
captured, says that both concerns had
agreements with Lukban to furnish 500
sacks of rice each year.
According to advices from Catbalogan,
capital of Samar, Insurgent Leader Luk
ban has sent a message to General Smith
declaring that he will not listen to ne
gotiations for surrender until all the
Americans have withdrawn from the Gan
dara Valley.
General Smith has ordeFed every Amer
ican soldier in the island of Samar and
the island of Leyte never to be without
arms, even at meal time. He is deter
mined that there shall be no more sur
prises. General Smith also directs that
scouting must continue incessantly, and
that all rice and hemp captured must be
destroyed. He considers the capture of
Lukban only a question of a short time.
The Federation continues its meetings
here, but these are, as a rule, of a tur
bulent character, and very little is ac
complished. Personal bickerings prevent
harmony. Senor Buencamino challenged
Senor Velasco to a duel, but the latter re
fused to fight on account of the age of
the challenger.
Many provincial delegates have al
ready left in disgust. Senor Sabella Reyes
wanted to enter upon the minutes of the
convention an expression of the regret
felt by the delegates at the lack of Inter
est displayed in the work of political or
ganization. Thrice Senor Buencaminu left
the room, saying he would never return.
In each instance he yielded to the per
suasion of his friends that he should go
back, and finally he formally tendered his
resignation, but only to put in an appear
ance again at the evening session.
The question of the friars has been oc
cupying much of the attention of the
convention. Intense antipathy is shown
toward them, and the sense of the con
vention was practically unanimous that
they must go.
ELECTIONS IN SPAIN
RESTJLT IN BLOODSHED
One Man Killed and Forty Other 3
Wounded During a Riot at
Barcelona.
BARCELONA. Nov. 10.— The municipal
elections here to-day were attended by
j bloodshed and excitement. Revolver shots
j were exchanged. One person was killed
and forty others were wounded.
MADRID, Nov. 10.— The Barcelona cor
respondent of El Liberal says that the
j theaters there were closed to-night on ac
count of the election disturbances.
The municipal elections throughout
Spain have resulted in a large majority
for the supporters of the Government.
Disorder Is expected in Bilbao,
CREDITORS
OF TURKEY
REJOICING
All Europe Profits by
the Firmness of
France.
Austria-Hungary Obtains a
Settlement of Pending
Questions.
Paris Government Resumes Diplo
matic Relations With the Porte
and Eznbassador Will Re
turn to Constantinople.
CONSTANTINOPLE. Nov. 10.— Baron
de Calice, the Austro-Hungarian Emba-i
sador, has secured from the Porte a sat
isfactory settlement of several questions
that were pending between Turkey and
Austria-Hungary. ' , \
M. Bapst, counselor of the French em
bassy here, has received a dispatch from
M. Delcasse authorizing him to resume
diplomatic relations with the Porte to
morrow. It is understood that M. Con
stans will soon return to Constantinople.
PARIS, Nov. 10.— The French Foreign
Office has announced that the Sultan has
issued an irade for the execution of his
engagements with' the French Govern
ment, and that the ' Franco-Turkish dis
pute Is now at an end.
Tewfik Pasha, Ottoman Minister of For
eign Affairs, wrote a letter to M. Bapst,
counselor of the French embassy in Con
stantinople, notifying him of the signing
of the irade, which, while settling tho
( original .French i demands, accepts the
French demands as set forth in a dlspatcn
from Constantinople on Friday, together
with an additional clause by which the
Sultan pledges himself to consider as
authorized in full right the foundations,
extensions, constructions and repairs of
the schools and religious and hospital es
tablishments which France may desire to
carry out 1 if the Porte is advised of her
intentions and makes no objections with
in five months.
Diplomatic Relations Resumed.
. France has thus received full satisfac
tion, and M. Delcasse on the receipt of M.
Bapst's dispatch this morning telegraphed
him to inform Tewnk Pasha that diplo
matic relations had been resumed and
that M. Bapst should consider himself as
regularly charged with the affairs of the
embassy.
Instructions were also sent to Admiral
Caillard at Mitylene to re-embark the
marines and to return to Greek waters,
which is understood to mean the vicinage
of the islands of Syria. Admiral Caillard
will remain in the Levant some time long
er. M. Constans, the French Embassa
dor, will return to Constantinople shortly.
The additional clause was conceded a
the request of France in order to prevent
future difficulties, such as the Turkish
provincial authorities have often raised,
either on their own initiative or in con
sequence of instigation by the Porte. The
Temps, which . describes the result as a
"brilliant victory for French diplomacy."
says:
Effect of Franco's Victory.
"The great merit v of the Government
was in being able to restrict its action.
Very serious difficulties might have arisen
had France departed from her reserve.
The favorable disposition shown to our
representations abroad has been due to
the fact that ttie civilized world has had
opportunity during the last seven years
to observe the progress of the anti-Euro
pean movement in . the Sultan's councils.
Frenchmen, Americans, Austrians, Ital
ians and Britons have all been victimized
by the Sultan and his counselors. After
the Armenian massacres and the success
ful war with Greece they thought every
thing was permitted to them.
"We • hope the Sultan will now under
stand his duties toward the civilized pow
ers and toward his own subjects, unto
whom he has taken solemn engagements
which he has always disregarded. Other
wise Europe, which, thanks to the ener
getic action of France, is now able to re
assume at Constantinople the authority
she lost seven years ago, will applaud the
initiative which the signatory powers of
the Berlin treaty are reported to be about
to take to extort from the Sultan 'the exe
cution of clauses too long fallen into did
use."
Differing Views of Press.
The morning papers in their comments
upon the termination of the Franco-Tur
kish incident follow party lines strictly.
The supporters of the Government hail
the outcome as a great diplomatic, moral
and material success. Other journals eith
er affect skepticism witn reference to the
final outcome or assume that it Is really
a check disguised under the more or less
illusory concessions promised by the Sul
tan. Some papers even hint that France
has . actually backed down, owing to the
coolness with which the powers have re
ceived her explanations regarding the ob
jects - and ¦ scope of the naval demonstra
tion. ' - . : ¦
"We hope the demonstration will be suf
ficient to restore forever the prestige of
France' in the East," says the Figaro.
"Doubtless the very near future will show
if so great a result has been obtained so
i J»»anlv" ¦.-. ,i . ... ....••.¦"' ¦ • .. . . .1 , . . , •
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
ROOSEVELT
ADHERES TO
HIS IDEAS
Insists Upon Legislation
to Regulate Big
Combines.
Urges That They Be Com
pelled to Show Intrinsic
Value of Securities.
Congress Will Be Asked to Pass Lavs
* Protecting Employes in
Their Right to Or
ganize.
Special Dispatch to The Cla.ll.
CALL BUREAU, 1406 G STREET, N.
W., WASHINGTON, Nov. 10.— In his
forthcoming message to Congress Presi
dent Roosevelt will take- strong grounds
in favor of legislation to compel the trusts
and vast industrial combinations to
change their attitude toward the public.
Mr. Roosevelt desires to safeguard the
interests of Investors by requiring great
companies like the United States Steel
Corporation, that do an interstate busi
ness, to make known the facts as to the
intrinsic value of their securities. He may
also advise Congress to pass laws that
will protect employes in their right to
organize, and he is expected to favor an
amendment to the Sherman anti-trust law
that will enable the Department of Jus
tice to get evidence of the existence of a
monopoly without employing detective
methods.
All other questions under consideration
in the White House are being overshad
owed by the recommendations President
Roosevelt will make with reference to
these great industrial combinations. The
chapter of his message dealing with this
subject has already been written. It has
been read to several persons outside the
Cabinet. Some of the men who hay« lis
tened to the chapter are themselves deep
ly concerned in trusts. Most of them
have expressed dissatisfaction with the
message, believing that it would be more
to their interest if the President would
refrain from bringing up the subject
at all.
Firm in His Attitude.
But the President will not be dissuaded.
His views are of long growth and settled
conviction. He believes something should
be done as between the great corporations
and the workingmen, and he is positive
that something can be done for the in
vestor when stacks of so-called invest
ments are put on the market. .
Much uneasiness has been expressed by
the heads of some of the big combina
tions lest the President should take such
a course as would precipitate a panic.
When the President has expressed his
purposes *to them they have been com
pelled to admit that his position is ra
tional, and that no corporation, properly
organized, need have the slightest fear
that injustice will be done.
"Publicity " is to be the watchword of
Mr. Roosevelt on this important ques
tion. He will recommend that Congress
pass a law that will guarantee the public
against fraud and enable investors to
know exactly what they are buying when
they purchase industrial stocks. This will
appeal with strong force to thousands of
persons who have been led into making
investments In securities, only to discover
that they have been deceived by flnancal
freebooters and that the stocks they hay©
purchased are not worth the value of old
paper.
Just how Congress can carry out the
President's wishes is a question that is
not yet clear. One member of the Cabi
net has suggested that provision be made
in the statutes imposing a heavy internal
revenue tax on corporations that do not
disclose facts the public is entitled to
know, and remitting the tax in the case
of each corporation that gives to inves
tors proper information.
Other Ttust Problems.
It is believed that President Roosevelt
will make other recommendations as to
the regulation and curbing of trusts. The
serious problem of overcapitalization has
been brought home to him very closely
within the last few weeks by official fig
ures of the watering of stocks which have
been laid before him. The general im
pression is that he is going to hit straight
from the shoulder, but. at the same time,
make a clear distinction between indus
trials that are conducted in an honest,
businesslike way and tnose that are in
flated to unload upon the public.
Hard headed lawyers like Secretary ot
War Root and Attorney General Knox
and hard headed financiers like Secretary
Gage and Senator Hanna would prefer
that this trust matter be held back. They
can see little good that can be accom
plished at this time. They look on these
great combinations as the inevitable re
sult of business development, and they
believe that if any effort were made to
upset existing conditions it might cause
untold hardship and a serious disarrange
ment of the business and financial affairs
of the country. But it is hardly likely
President Roosevelt can be persuaded to
ignore the question.
President Roosevelt will in his message
Continued on Page Two.2
MASSIVE LION
SLAYS A MAN
Remains of the Victim
Found at a Mountain
Lair.
Hunters Watch a Cavern for
Days and Kill the
Beast.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN DIEGO, Nov. 10.— News comes
from Ensenada of the tragic death of
Frank Cook, a Norwegian carpenter, who
was well known here and throughout the
r peninsula as far south as San
Quintin.
In a rocky part of the mining district
of Santa Catarina in the Rosario section,
two men who were hunting found on a
hill near a canyon the body of an indi
vidual covered with horrible wounds
b had evidently been made by the
ul some carnivorous animal. O.n
their return to their homes they immedi
ately gave notice to the auxiliary Judge
si thai point, who went to me place
where the bouy was found, and upon an
I the surrounding lands a
large cavern was lound which was noth
ing Itss than the ir of a mountain lion.
There was every evidence that the beast
attacked ir.e man and after a des
perate battle had succeeded in killing
iim.
Cook had been employed by Harry
Johnson in San Quintin, from which place
he set out for the Santa Catarina dis
trict in August last. He had been work
ing since men at Santa Catarina, princi
pally on the group of mines called Julio
Cesar, and had suddenly disappeared
from there. No one knew what had be
come of him.
After a few days of constant watching
in front of the cavern hunters killed the
animal. It was a giant mountain lion
with a splendid skin. Cook was the sec
ond man to fall by its attack*
HERO OF CAMAR PASS
NOW IN AMERICAN ARMY
Major Valentine Delaporte Now
Serves With Eighteenth United
States Infantry.
SALT LAKE. Nov. 10.— The "Hero of
Camar" is not dead. He is serving as pri
vate in the Eighteenth United States In
fantry-
During the Afghan war. In which Lord
Roberts gained his first great laurels,
Major Valentine Delaporte became one o:
the idols of the English people. The Af
ghans held a pass at Camar and the en
tire British army was checked. Major
Delaporte, with a volunteer company of
Sepoys, attempted to storm the heights,
but every man of his command was
killed. He returned, and Lord Roberts
gave him a company from the Inniskillen
Fusiliers. Witn the Irishmen at his back
he swept up the crags and drove out the
enemy. Later he performed other deeds
of valor, for which he was put on Lord
Roberts' staff and given the Victoria
cross. He returned to England and be
came the lion cf the hour. "The young
hero of the pase " was showered with at
tentions. This is what caused his down
fall. The pace was too swift for him. He
plunged deeper and deeper into debt.
Finally the Government stepped in. He
was "cashiered " and left the army in dis
grace. Coming to America he drifted
westward, working in the mines of Colo
rado and Utah for a time. Then he en-
Jisied in the United States army. He has
followed the fortunes of the Eighteenth
during three terms of enlistment and has
distinguished Himself so greatly that hi
has several times been offered promotion.
But he has refused. Hp wishes to sink
from sight. He was recognized yesterday
by a man who had been with him in Af
ghanistan, and he even now shrinks from j
having his identity known.
GREAT GALES TOSS
THE CUTTER MANNING
Government Vessel Has Severe Voy
age Down the Coast From
Dutch Harbor.
TACOMA. Nov. M.— The I'nited States
revenue cutter Manning arrived yester
cay direct from Dutch Harbor. She
brought down the bodies of "Con" and
Florence Sullivan, who were murdered
June 7. The remains will be shipped to
Butte.
The Manning had a hard voyage down.
6he left Dutch Harbor a week ago last
Thursday and encountered one continual
round of boisterous weather, tempestuous
st-.is and furious gaits. Four gales of un
v severity were encountered one after
another, first from the northeast and ther.
from the southwest, southeast and east.
BULLET IS ADDED
TO HIS CHINESE MEAL
Patron of a Fresno Restaurant Re
ceives an Uncalled-For Course
of Lead.
FRESNO, Nov. 10. -Masataro Ito. an
employe in a Japanese shooting gallery,
while loading a rifle to-night accident
ally caused its discharge and the bullet
passed through a board wall into a Chi
nese restaurant and entered the jaw of
a white man who was eating in the
place. It knocked out two of his teeth
and splintered a third. His injuries are
not considered serious.
ROOSEVELT ADHERES TO HIS IDEAS
Continued From Page One.
to Congress recommend that legislation
be enacted to aid Western States in their
efforts to reclaim arid lands. This ques
tion of national aid to irrigation has been
before Congress several years, and Sen
ators from mountain States have sought
to have recognition for irrigation legisla
but they have been again and again
overwhelmingly defeated. The little band
oi Senators and Representatives from the
'Kooky Mountain region is now encour
aged to find it has a friend In the White
House who has intimate personal knowl
edge of their country and the value of ir
rigation. While President Roosevelt is a
New York man, he is the first President
who has lived on the plains, and he has
the same ideas regarding the national
fluty to help reclaim the arid lands that
the people of the Far West have
The President has had conferences with
Professor Mead, irrigation expert of the
Agrrifu tural Department, and to-morrow
he w.ll have a conference with Senator
"Warren of Wyoming, who is one of the
ablest advocate? of irrigation. The Pres
ent realizes that the East has always
Utterly opposed national aid to irriga
tion, but he intends to make a strong rec
ommendation in favor of such legislation
without suggesting to Congress details or
F^Califormal
(Chutney SauceN
the most savory /
relink for J
!s t eaks.
Br chops etc.
ft. 25^ AS f roceraV
CHIEF OF POLICE SULLIVAN'S LIFE
ENDS AT EARLY HOUR THIS MORNING
Softening of Brain and Heart Failure, Mainly Caused by Close Ap
plication to Work When His System Was Weakened by Prev
ious Sickness, Bring Death to Police Department's Head
CHIEF OF POLICE WILLIAM P.
SULLIVAN JR. died at 1:30
o'clock ihis morning, softening of
the brain and heart failure being
the causes.
Chief Sullivan was taken ill nearly two
weeks ago, and for the last three day*
was unconscious. His end was painless
and he passed away as if in peaceful
sleep in the presence of his sorrowing
wife and children and his family physi
cian, Dr. Bazet.
When Chief Sullivan was last taken ill
it was supposed that he was suffering
from an attack of the grip combined with
neuralgia and rheumatism. He had been
in failing health, due mainly to close ap
plication to his duties.
No apprehension was felt as to his con
dition until last Thursday morning, when
alarming symptoms set in. Dr. Bazet
summoned Dr. Gallwey and other physi
cians, and while they hoped for the best
they could give no assurance of recovery.
Since Chief Sullivan was stricken Cap
tain Wlttman has attended to the duties
of the office. The announcement of Chief
Sullivan's demise will be received with
deep sorrow by his hosts of friends and
citizens generally.
It is predicted that Captain Wlttman
will be elected to the position made
vacant by the death of Chief Sullivan. If
this prediction is verified he will be elect
ed, not to fill an unexpired term, but for
the full term of four years, as provided
by the charter. As Mayor-elect Schmitz
stated in an interview immediately after
his election that he was in favor of a
OFFICERS ABE INSTALLED
BY ANCIENT DRUIDS
Those Who Are to Rule Three
Groves Inducted Into
Office.
Saturday evening the officers of Norma,
Hesperian and Templar groves of the
United Ancient Order cf Druids were in
stalled in public by District Deputy Noble
Grand Arch Harry Menke, assisted by A.
M. Armstrong as deputy grand arch; F. J.
Horn, grand treasurer; Ed H. Goetz as
grand secretary and William Goetze as
grand marshal.
Those who wera Installed were:
D. Bammann, E. Green and J. T. Golten, past
arches; Dr. W. S. Beach. A. D. Plughort and
J. P. S. Johnson, noble arches; M. Glazer, J.
Holllpeter and A. M. Wallln. vice arches; F.
E. Caler, J. J. Mollison and H. Mentzer. sec
retaries; C. E. Carlson. E. Johnson and M.
Somerfield, treasurers; J. Martinet, E. Hardin
and D. Molander, conductors.
The work was well done and after the
installation the appointed officers were in
structed as to their respective duties.
At the close of the ceremonies Past
Noble Grand Arch G. H. Baehrs delivered
a short address appropriate to the occa
sion at the close of which he, on behalf
of Templar Grove, presented to Past Arch
D. Baraman, who served two terms as
noble arch, a token of his brethren's ap
preciation of his services in the shape of
a beautiful emblematic jgold badge. After
that there was a ball with a programme
of twenty-four dances. The committees
were as follows: y
Floor— E. M. Goetze (manager) D Bam
mann (assistant manager). E. Johnson Wil
liam Goetze, Adolph Anderson, J. T Golten
8. Danielson and E. Hardin. .
Arrangements— Harry Menke, E H Goetre
X. Holllpeter, A. D. Plughoff, Dr. W. S. Beach)
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAH, MONDAY, NOVEMBER 11, 1901.
LATE HEAD OF THE SAN FRANCISCO POLICE DEPARTMENT, WHO
FORFEITED HIS LIFE AS THE PRICE OF TOO CLOSE ATTENTION
TO THE DUTIES OF HIS OFFICE.
thoroughly experienced man for the posi
tion of Chief, and was strongly opposed to
the election of any man not connected
with the department, it is believed that
the selection of Captain Wittman' will
meet with his approval.
With reference to the candidacy of for
mer Chief of Police Lees for the office, it
may be stated that he announced recently
that his case is in the hands of his
friends.
Came to California When a Boy.
William P. Sullivan Jr. was born in Massa
chusetts in 1857, his ancestors having emigrated
from Ireland. When he was 13 his father de
cided to come to California and brought his
family with him. William P. Sullivan Sr. Is
still alive and lives in the Western Addition.
The late Chief of Police received his educa
tion in the public schools of his native State
and in the Lincoln and High Schools of San
Francisco.
On leaving school 'William P. Sullivan Jr. se
cured a position with the firm of Burtis &
Pewey, dry goods dealers, at Fifth and Mar
ket streets. He applied himself studiously to
business and he was rapidly advanced. He
was made chief bookkeeper and was finally
taken into the business, the firm taking the
name of Sullivan, Burtis & Dewey.
After the death of one of the elder members
of the firm, the business was purchased by
Kcane Bro=., and William P. Sullivan Jr. had
charsre of the offices.
The firm of Keane Bros, sold out to Kelly
Bros, and Sullivan decided to make a change.
He secured the Dosltlon of chief bookkeeper at
the Pacific Rolling Mills and held it up to the
time he was appointed by Mayor Phelan to be
his secretary, on January 1, 1597.
TH* late Chief of Police was not related to
Mayor Phelan, as generally supposed. Phelan
and Sullivan had been friends from boyhood
and when Phelan first ran for Mayor Sullivan
helped him in his campaign. Phelan recognized
the services of his friend by making him his
secretary.
In the Mayor's office Sullivan won a host of
friends. He was courteous and polite to all
who called there and with the re-election of
Phelan as Mayor Sullivan remained in office.
Sullivan was appointed to the position of
Chief of Police by the Police Commissioners
on February 14, 1900, and from the day he took
charge until he was prostrated by illness he
devoted his entire energy to his duties.
On February 15. 1900, Sullivan took office as
Chief of the Police Department. There were
many criticisms at the time that he assumed
the office, but Sullivan stood firmly against the
storm and won applause for the manner in
which he handled the department.
He Instituted many reforms in the depart
ment, especially In the matter of uniform,
drills, care in personal appearance and respect
to superior officers.
The Police Department was brought up to
GRUETLI VEREIN HOLDS
ITS NOVEMBER FESTIVAL
Programme Is Commenced With Vo
cal and Instrumental Music and
Concluded With a Ball.
The annual November festival of the
Greutli Verein was held last night ia Tur
ner Hall, 323 Turk street. The affair com
menced with an entertainment under the
auspices of the singing section of the
Greutli Verein and was concluded with
a ball. The hall, which was artistically
decorated, was crowded. Those who con
tributed to the merriment of the eveninj?
were Ul Glngg, Frauleln Martha Schweiz
er, Fr. H. Steiner, Jacob Hohl, Ul Rech
steiner and- A. Buhler.
The following committees had charge of
the arrangements:
Arrangements— Ch. Gut, I. Haklns, Charles
H. Mueller.
Finance— J. S. Leutenegger, William Keller,
Charles Gut.
Bar— J. Fritschi, I. Hakins, J. Casti, UL
Mueller.
Floor— Charles H. Mueller, Charles Gut.
Reception — O. Imdorf, Th. Simmen, J. Fur
rer, F. Humm, J. S. Leutenegger, H. Steiner,
L. Muller, F. Suter.
F. J. Horn, John Gosch, H. Mentzer Alex
Olson and A. M. Wallln.
Reception— C. E. Carlson, J. P. S Johnson,
J. Doyle, J. Martinet. J. J. Mollison and C.
Jose. *
Only a few years ago the business most
despised in New York was perhaps that
of the sandwich board man. Now it has
achieved the dignity of a union, whose
members are as rigid In the enforcement
of their rights as the men In any other
trade
a high standard of military efficiency under
the late Chief Sullivan. The uniforms were
of one pattern and the detail of placing white
stripes on the trousers served a very useful pur
pose. The Chief noticed that the police officers
would wear their blue uniform trousers when
off duty, with the result that their coats
looked neat and the nether garments shabby.
The white- stripes were utilized in order to
make tte officers take goW care of their entire
polire uniforms and only wear them when on
duty. t
Watched Carefully Over McKinley.
Strict discipline was maintained in the de
partment and the appearance of the officers
was commented on by the late President Mc-
Kinley and the members ft the Presidential
It r*y when they visited tßls city.
Chief Sullivan did yeoman work in taking
care that no harm befell the lamented Presi
dent McKinley while he was in this city. He
was constantly by the side of the chief exec
utive on the streets from the moment he ar
rived in San Francisco until he departed.
During the recent labor troubles. Chief Sulli
van was on duty almost continuously. He had
arisen from his bed, weak from an attack of
diphtheria, and though his physicians and his
wife pleaded with him. he insisted on attend
ing to his arduous duties. To this devotion to
his work Is principally attributed his untimely
taking off.
William P. Sullivan Jr. was one of the
founders of the League of the Cross Cadets,
and was honored by being- elected its first
colonel. He held that position for many years,
and resigned it when he was appointed to the
head of the Police Department, being Unable
to devote as much time to the welfare of
the cadets as formerly.
The late Chief became connected with the
National Guard of the State of California by
enlistment In Company H of the Third In
fantry, Second Brigade, December 2, 1878. He
continued as a private in that company until
January 19. 1880, when he was appointed ser
geant. Subsequently the letter of the company
Wa !w Ch AP ged to C - and wa3 then transferred
to the First Infantry Regiment as Company A
in August. ISBI. He was elected first lieutenant
of that company on August 29 of that year
and was re-elected two years later. On August
7^ ISSo, he was appointed adjutant of the First
Regiment with the rank of captain. He was
floo ted ™ a J° r ot the regiment Jannuary n
ir ;<>£ became Its colonel by election March
17. lffifi. serving until, his successor, Colonel H
P. Bush, was chosen.
The late Chief of Police was married nine
teen years ago to Miss Katherine Flnnegan
daughter of a prominent resident in the Mis
sion district. The home life of Chief Sullivan
was an ideal one, and his wife was his faithful
?h V i Sei Yf,!! aU occaslon s- Mrs. Sullivan and
three children are left to mourn the untimely
takin* off of a beloved husband and father
The only son of the dead Chief of Police Is IS
years old. and the two daughters are 14 and 11
years old. respectively
DEPUTY SHEKIFT FOLLOWS
LOS ANGELES EMBEZZLER
Louis Klee, Who Is Wanted In South
ern City, Arrested in San
Francisco.
Louis Klee, who Is wanted in Los An
geles on a charge of felony embezzlement,
was arrested on Market street yesterday
afternoon by Detectives Dlnan and Wren
and locked up In the City Prison. He
will be taken back by Deputy Sheriff A.
9c Icke y. who has been on his trail for
the last ten days.
Klee is accused of stealing a horse be
longing to Hickey, who, besides being a
Deputy Sheriff, is the owner of sales sta
bles in Los Angeles. Klee is also ac
cused of stealing- a wagon valued at $200
belonging to Stewart Mathews & Co
ai L. Wltn em bezzling goods valued at $225
which he procured from the Pioneer Roll
and Paper-bag Company to sell on com
mission throughout Los Angeles County
Instead of going to Los Angeles Coun
ty Klee drove in the direction of this city
and had twelve days' start of Hickev
when he left in pursuit. Klee was ar
!"£*>, ln Nlles a week ago yesterday by
the Constable there, and when Hickey
reached there the following morning Klee
had made his escape, as the Constable
had kept him in his house and had slent
with him, thinking he could adopt no
safer course. Klee left two horses and
a wagon at Niles. He had traded Hick
ey s horse for another, and had procured
still another somewhere. Hickey ascer
tained that he had a huge lantern, which
he used in traveling during nights, and
he kept in hiding during the daytime.
We are admonished to "never do things
by halves," but how about opening oys
ters ¦ -, ¦ ¦¦„- . .
LACK OF CARS
RUINING FIRMS
Northern California Busi
ness Men in Serious
Plight.
Railroad's Scarcity of Roll
ing Stock Causes Stag
nation.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
REDDING, Nov. 10.— There is an in
crease instead of a lessening In the scarc
ity of cars along the Southern Pacific
lines on the Oregon and the Shasta route,
and the lack of adequate rolling stock Is
interfering with both the business of the
railroad and of private Individuals and
corporations. Cars can only be had in the
most urgent cases for local and way
freight, and the mills and box factories
of Siskiyou County, as well as at points
along the line, are greatly interfered with.
It was thought that the ending of the
labor strike in San Francisco and the
moving of the crops would relieve this
state of affairs, but these incidents ap
pear to have had little effect in a favor
able way on the situation.
Redding is feeling the freight car scarc
ity in many ways. More than |250,000
worth of building is going on in the city.
With the rainy season approaching and
the demand for room increasing, every
small delay is very costly. Work on sev
eral large buildings has been delayed
for weeks for want of supplies which
could not reach here. It is now almost im
possible to bring lumber from Portland.
Offers of premiums even fall to get the
cars. One local lumber yard whose sup
ply comes from Oregon has failed la
mentably in keeping up its stock, and as
a last resort has ordered the lumber
shipped from Portland by water to San
Francisco on the charice that it may be
possible to obtain cars to bring it here
from San Francisco.
The Bully Hill smelter has had a diffi
cult time in shipping its copper ingots to
New Jersey to be refined. At length great
quantities of coke weresordered from the
East. As fast as it was delivered at Bella
Vista the coke cars are unloaded, filled '
with copper ingots and billed to Jersey
City. A train of cars loaded with coke
went north through Redding Saturday i
The coke was loaded in cattle cars and
strips of board were nailed over the ap
ertures along the sides of the cars to
keep it from streaming out. Even then '
the loss was considerable. Work at the
Sweepstake mine has been delayed be
cause of lack of cars to bring the pipe
as fast as needed. Many other mines i
have suffered.
STEAMERS TO CARRY
LUMBER- TO MANILA
British Company Proposes to Estab- '
lish a New Line From
Puget Sound.
TACOMA, Nov. 10.— U is announced that
the Sutherland Steamship Company of |
Newcastle-on-Tyne is to send two of its
turret steamers to Puget Sound this com
ing year to engage in the lumber carry- !
ing trade to Manila and China. B. J.
Sutherland, chairman of the company :
has been on Puget Sound for several days
and is now en route to San Francisco, via i
Portland.
•The Sutherland turret steamer Calth- '
ness has been a familiar craft on the Pa
cific Coast for some time, carrying lum
ber from various ports. Sutherland stated
before leaving that Frank Waterhouse &
Co. had been selected as agents for the
Sutherland Company, and that two
steamers will soon be operated regularly
from the Sound to Manila and China.
Each steamer will have a lumber carry
ing capacity of 3,000,000 feet, and other
heavy freight will be carried if it offers.
CLEVEB GEORGIA THIEVES
808 AN ASMY PAYMASTER
Abstract Nearly Five Thousand Dol
lars in Paper Money From a
Hand-Satchel.
PENSACOLA, Fla., Nov. 10.— Paymaster
Stevens of the United States army ar
rived from Atlanta Saturday, and before
leaving that city placed In a hand satchel
200 silver dollars and $4800 in paper money
for the purpose of paying the several
hundred artillerymen at Fort Baranca*
and Mcßea their salaries for the past
month. While at the fort here he founi
that all the paper money had been ab
stracted. The police were instructed to
watch for the treasure. Paymaster Ste
vens thinks some of the professional pick
pockets followed him and relieved him
during the trip. He cannot recall a single
Incident of the trip that would lead ti
anything on the robbery, but has an idea
the money was taken before he left At
lanta.
ITO FEIGNS ILLNESS
TO ESCAPE BROKERS
Explanation Made Why the Japanese
Marquis Was Reported in
Poor Health.
TACOMA, Wash., Nov. 10.— Marquis
Ito's recent illness in this country caused
much alarm in Japan when first an
nounced there. Some papers did not print
the news, fearing it would produce a bad
effect.
Japanese advices arriving: to-night by
the steamship Victoria state that the Jap
anese Minister at Washington cabled an
explanation of Ito's illness which caused
much satisfaction in Tokio. He said Mar
quis Ito found it necessary to plead ill
ness for diplomatic purposes in order to
avoid the importunities of Chicago brok
ers and bond-buyers who desired to pur
chase Japanese bonds. This resulted from
a rumor which preceded him to the effect
that his purpose in visiting America was
to negotiate a large sale of bonds.
Escaped Prisoners Must Return.
SAN DIEGO, Nov. 10.— A dispatch from
Ensena/Ja to the Morning Union says: "On
the steamer Sesostltfs, which is to sail
from here for Mazatlan to-morrow, will
be sent en route for Torin, Sonora, the
prisoners who were connected with the
small insurrection which took Dlace on
the 17th of last September, at which time
a number of the prisoners in the Quartel
escaped and got away to American terri
tory. The chief is an Indian, who was
serving an eleven year sentence for mur
der.
Mine on Fire and Man Missing.
SEATTLE, Nov. 10.— > Fire broke out In
mine No. 7 of the Pacific Coagt Company
at Franklin, near Seattle, early this morn
ing and one miner, Jacoba Rose, is miss
ing. The other members of the shift
reached safety without difficulty, but it
is supposed that Rose fled in the wrong
direction. If he did so, he went to cer
tain death. The damage to the mine will
be small. The loss of coal will not exceed
8000 tons.
THE DAY'S DEAD,
John T. Bustin.
SAN RAFAEL, Nov. 10.— The death of
John T. Bustln, City Clerk of San Ra
fael for several terms, occurred to-day.
Ho had for some time been a sufferer
from tuberculosis of the lungs. He was
one »f the most popular officials in Marin
County and his death is universally re
gretted. He was thirty years old, a na
tive of this place, and leaves a widow
and three small children.
Paul Revere.
NEW YORK, Nov. 10.— Paul Revere,
vice president general of the Sons of the
American Revolution, died to-day at Mor
ristown, N. J., aged 45 years. He was a
son of General Joseph Warren Revere,
who fought In the Semlnole and Civil
wars, and a great-gTandson of Paul Re
vere of Revolutionary fame.
DB. PIEBCE'S BEMEDIES.
DISGRUNTLED.
Men Who Manufacture Misery.
The disgruntled man, the man who is
sulky and dissatisfied under all condi-
tions and circumstances, is to be found
everywhere. Even at the sea side where
he has gone for rest and recreation
you'll find him surly and sulky, grum-
bling at the weather, the people, the
hotel accommodations, the Doard, and
everything else. His scowling, sullen
visage checks the flow of talk at the
table, and hushes the prattle of playing
children. Now and again one gossip
says to another "The old chap's liver
must be out of order." Somebody else
says, ¦ Perhaps he's suffering from kid-
ney trouble. 7 ' And a majority incline to
the opinion that ii's "just dyspepsia."
And as it happens they are all of them
right. His liver is sluggish. His kidneys
are disordered. His blood is necessarily
poisoned, by accumulations of effete
matter. And last of all his stomach is
"out of order." This is another case in
which in the logical sequence of state-
ment
THfi I^ST IS FIRST.
The liver is sluggish because the stom-
ach is diseased. The kidneys are dis-
ordered because the stomach and its al-
lied organs of digestion and nutrition
are " weak " and cannot supply adequate
nutrition for the needs of the body.
How do we know this? Because in so
many cases, persons who had suffered
with disease of heart, liver, lungs, kid-
neys, etc., have found these diseases en-
tirely cured, when Dr. Pierces Golden
Medical Discovery has cured diseases of
the stomach and the other organs of di-
gestion and nutrition.
" I was afflicted with what the doctors
called nervous indigestion. Took med-
icine from my family physician to no
avail. In looking over one of Doctor
Pierces Memorandum Books," writes
Mr. Thos. G. Lever, of Lever, Richland
Co., S. C, "I found my case described
exactly. I wrote to you and made a
statement. You sent me a descriptive
list of questions, also hygienic rules. I
carried these out as best I could, but
thought myself incurable as I suffered so
much with pain under my ribs and an
empty feeling in my stomach. At night
would have cold or hot feet and hands
alternately. I was getting very nervous
and suffered a great deal mentally, think-
ing that death would soon claim me. Al-
ways expected something unusual to
take place; was irritable and impatient,
and greatly reduced in flesh. I could
scarcely eat anything that would not
produce a bad feeling in my stomach.
After some hesitation, owins' to my
prejudices against patent medicines, I
decided to try a few bottles of Doctor
Pierces Golden Medical Discovery and
' Pellets.' After taking several bottles
of each, found I was improving. I con-
tinued for six months or more, off and
on. I hay* to be careful yet at times, of
STAR AMAZES
THE SCIENTISTS
Astronomers Marvel at
Queer Doings in
the Sky.
SAN JOSE,% ov. 10.— W. W. ..Campbell
of Lick Observatory has issued the fol
lowing bulletin regarding a recent and im
portant discovery made by Professor Per
rlne, an .. attache .of the observatory at
Mount Hamilton:
A discovery of extraordinary Interest to as
tronomers has Just been made by Professor Per
rine in reference to the new star in the con
stellation Perseus. ! This star appeared sud
denly and unexpectedly last February, having
been discovered by Anderson In Edinburgh. In
some tour days its brightness increased from
invisibility id ordinary telescopes until It be
came the brightest star in the northern sky.
All available astronomical resources through
out the world were immediately devoted to the
Investigation of this remarkable object.
Many Interesting facts concerning it have
been brought to light. To mention only a few,
its brightness diminished irregularly from that
of the most prominent star In the northern
sky in February until in June it was on the
limit of visibility for trained and sensitive
eyesights, where it has since remained. The
star's atmosphere was violently disturbed, as
shown by a study of its epectrum in the spring
months, and since June, at least,* the spectro
scope has shown that it is now a nebula,
though retaining to the eye and In the telescope
the point-like form of an ordinary star. The
distance that gave rise to the new star was
sufficiently, violent to convert it from a dark
invisible body into a gaseous nebula. V
In August Professor Max "Wolf of Heidel
berg, Germany, secured a four-hour exposure
photograph of the region of the sky contain
ing- the - new star. His negative showed the
existence of ¦ some extremely faint nebulous
patches about, five minutes of arc south of the
star, but with no evidence of any relationship
between the nebulous clouds and the star
On September 20 Ritchey at the Yerkes" Ob
servatory, photographed the same region with
a more efficient Instrument and found that
the nebulous cloud was very nearly circular
some ten minutes of arc in diameter but of
varying intensity in Its different part with
the new star . situated near the middle of th«
nebulosity. vne
, A recent photograph secured by Professor
Perrine with the Crossley reflector recorded
principal features of the nebulous cloud til
compared his photograph with the Yerkes nhnl
tograph of the same object and made the to"
teresting discovery that the brightest norti™
of the nebula, at least, and perhaps * tL'whSS
nebula had moved to the southeast more than
one minute of arc In the past six wWk.
Tills observation is in every respect ™,
Motion on this enormous scale or one nt? ft
part of this scale has never been observ^f
any celestial body outside the B ola r lv a t^
and it is morally certain that the o'slrvTd
phenomenon is closely related tn »». ODs I 7 e< l
new sTarV" drtB ™ 1 »" »»
Alleged Murderer Captured
VICTORIA. B. C \ nv 1n ~_ ,_
what I eat, in order that I may feel good'
and strong. I fully believe if anj one
suffering with indigestion or torpid liver
or chronic cold should take Dr. Pierce'a
Golden Medical Discovery and ' Pleasant
Pellets' and observe a few simple hv-
jnenic rules they wonld soon be greatly
benefited, and with a little perseverance
would be entirely cured."
THK SCHOOL-BOY'S POCKET
is notorious for the miscellany it cot*.
tains. Tops, string, apples, marbles,
chewing gum, nails, jack-stones, are all
mixed in one confused mass. What
would be said of one who used that
pocket which we call the stomach for
xsuch a heterogeneous collection of ma-
terials? This is done not alone by the
human ostrich at the circus, but by thotv
sands of good people who do not consider
the relation of the stomach to the other
organs of the body. The purpose of eat-
ing is to provide nutrition for the body.
But how many people think of the nutri-
tive value of the food they eat ? For the
most part the choice of food is
made to please tne paiate. The
palate is a creature of education^
It may be taught to crave things
bitter or things sweet; to desire
spicy or fiery condiments which
irritate the 9tomach or dainties
which distress it, and in which
the food value is reduced to the
minimum. As a rule the palate ia
taught to desire the most unde-
sirable things from the view-
point of nutrition. The resu'.t is
that the stomach has to thresh a
great quantity of straw to obtain
one grain of nutrition.
The body is sustained by food
properly digested and assimilated
and converted into nutrition. But
when the food lacks nutritive
value the body and its organs
must be starved. Exactly the
same thing happens when the
food eaten is nutritious, but the
stomach and other organs of di-
gestion and nutrition being weak-
ened by disease, fail to extract
the nutrition from the food oro«
vided. Then the body is starved also.
THE SIGN OF STARVATION
is weakness. A starved man can't work.
A starved organ can't work ; or at the
best it works partially and ineffectively.
Dr. Pierces Golden Medical Discovery.
by curing diseases of the stomach ana
other organs of digestion and nutrition,
enables the perfect digestion and assimi-
lation of the food eaten, and this food
converted into nutrition, builds np the
body and all its parts and organs into
sound health and strength.
w After I had received the advice which
you gave me in regard to my treatment,*'
writes Geo. Dorner, Esq., of 1915 Pulaski
Street, Baltimore, Md., "I used your
4 Golden Medical Discovery ' according
to directions. After using four bottles I
considered myself cured as I have not
felt any symptoms since. Had tried al-
most all remedies that I heard of that
were good for dyspepsia, but without re»
lief. Finally I became discouraged an<f
w«>te to you for advice, with the abov*
result."
TO DISCOCRAGKD PKOFLB.
The closing paragraph of Mr. Doraer**
letter: "Finally I became discouraged
and wrote to you for advice " would ex-
press the feeling of thousands who have
written to Dr. Pierce. They have ut-
terly failed to find help. They have been
growing steadily worse. As a forlorn
hope they have written to Dr. Pierce
and have been cured.
Persons suffering from chronic diseases
are invited to consult Dr. Pierce by let»
Xxxfree. All correspondence strictly pri-
vate and confidential. Address Dr.R.V,
Pierce, Buffalo, N. Y.
VAZCABI.E BtTT KB.EB.
Dr. Pierces Common Sense Medical
Adviser is a valuable book. Yet this
great work, containing 1,008 large pages
and over 700 illustrations, is sent Jree
on receipt of stamps to pay expense
of mailing only. Send 31 one -cent
stamps for the cloth - bound volume or
only 21 stamps for the book in paper-
covers. Address Dr. R. V. Pierce, Buf-
falo, N. Y.
AGENTS VISIT
GRAND CANYON
Traveling Passenger Men
on Way to Los
Angeles.
Special Dispatch to The CalL
WILLIAMS, Ariz., Nov. 10.— The spe
cial train In two sections bearing' th«
traveling passenger agents to Los An
geles passed through hero this evening.
There are 300 in the party.
The train arrived at the Grand Canyon
at an early hour this morning. Every
one was up long before daylight to wit
ness a superb sunrise on the canyon. Aft
er breakfast the party broke up Into
v m ,f* U qUa >,d, d , and 1 took different trails to
visit the chief points of Interest. Several
coaches were on hand and the visitors
were taken for long drives. A party of
ladies composed of Miss Stattler Mrs. A.
M Barnham. Mrs. I. Blair and Mrs.
John £2**% met with a slight accident,
In a tally-ho coach, when one of the
in a tally-ho coach, when one of the
wheels struck soft sand and gave the
W. tv. a dangerous tilt. Miss Stattler
\vas thrown 'off, .but broke her fall by
clinging to a tree. Mrs. Judge sustained
fni,?r br^ es ' The other la «lies escaped
injury. They all bravely mounted the
coach again and continued the ride.
v f v "*¦. Byrn ? of Los Angeles and J. W.
Nicholson of Chicago, both prominent of
ficials of the Santa Fe Railway, are trav
eling with the party, and see that the
pastern visitors are given a splendid
!L me : They went so far as to bring on
tn % train a liberal supply of fine cand»
a ? V? c ladles receive every day a ration
°£ a box of the sweets. Byrne says that
the ladies are as much entitled to candy
astne men are to cigars.
The train will arrive in Log Angeles
to-morrow night, and the convention will
open Tuesday morning. At the close of
the convention the entire party will tour
Southern California, and will arrive in
San Francisco November IS.
It Costs Nothing to Try an
Absolute Cure for
Catarrh, Deafness,
»L- • nPMIL^v^ Throat',
JP*^*^QflTO?Blt Lings .
TREAT THE CAUSE (THE GERMS).
The only way to do this is with the Cotting-
ham NEW ANTISEPTIC METHOD. Invented
and patented by
OR. COTTINGHfIM,
Expert on EAR. NOSE. THROAT and LUND/
DISEASES. if
204 Sntter St., NW. Cor. of Kearny, ; "
FREE-Abdolutely free Examination and one
ween a treatment riven to convince you of th«
superior merit of this new treatment 30CO test
cases. 96 per cent cured. Try It FREE and b«
, convinced while jjou can. Call at one* «r writ*.ADVEBTISEMENTS.
Hornby's Steam Cooked Oatmeal
None of the new cereals is as dainty
or nourishing as
H-0
Steam Cooked
Oatmeal
BARONESS WHO RUNS
HER OWN AUTOMOBILE
Washington's Diplomatic Set Welcomes
the Wife of the Austro-Hunganan Minis
ter on Her Return From Her Native Land
BARONESS HEXGELMULLER,
one of the most popular and in
teresting members of the foreign
diplomatic set in Washington, is
again "at home" in the national
capital after a summer spent abroad.
She recently returned from Europe
with her husband, Dr. Hengelmul
ler. the Austro-Hungarian Minister. She
brought some gorgeous growns. and she
ways been one of the most stylishly
d women among the wives of the
diplomats. The Baroness was the first
society woman in Washington to operate
her own automobile. She has caused the
legation to send away all of her husband's
horses, so ardent a chauffeurse is she.
Sh" is a queenly beauty, with excellent
taste in dress, and is regarded as a most
CULLOM CHEERS
CANAL'S FRIENDS
Asserts That Congress
Will Take Early
Action.
NEW TORK, Nov. 10.— The Journal has
the following from Washington: "In my
opinion the Panama canal scheme will not
rut any figure in the consideration by
Congress of the proposition to construct
an Isthmian canal."
Tnis statement was made to-night by
Senator Cullom of Illinois, who will be
th« chairman of the Senate committee on
for-;icn relations, which will have charge
of all negotiations on that subject.
"Accepting the new Hay-Pauncefote
treaty to be as it has been so fully printed
in the press," Mr. Cullom continued, "I
can see no objection that can b€ raised to
It. and I look for its ratification without
unnecessary- delay. There is, apparently,
nothing in the way of the canal, and the
Fifty-seventh Congress will not adjourn
without having started that great work.'
MARKS ON A BODY
POINT TO A MT7BDEB
BAKESRSFIEI4D, Nov. 10.— The body
of an unknown man, whose death is sur
rounded by mystery, was discovered tc
day by a huntef. It was lying covered
with a blanket cm the banks of the Kern
River about a mile and a half northeast
of this city. The remains were removed
to an undertaker's, where an inquest wi'l
be held to-morrow.
The body Is In a decomposed condition,
and It Is thought the man had been dead
about four days. There are marks on the
forehead and side, either of which would
indicate violence. There is nothing on the
bo6y by which Identification is possible.
rboty by which identification a good black
The body was clothed in a good black
I suit, tan-colored underclothes and a pair
.of black lace shoes. A new wide-brimmed
white hat was tying a short distance from
the body. The deceased was apparently
about 45 years of age, of heavy build and
h&4 »- r«ddUh mustache.
AUSTRIAN DIPLOMATS WIFE,
WHO IS A SOCIAL FAVORITE
IN WASHINGTON.
clever woman. She generally spends her
summers at Bar Harbor.
WOULD COMPEL
REDS TO FARM
Governor of Arizona
Favors the Sale of
Reservations.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 10.— Governor
Murphy of Arizona in his annual report
advocates the sale and settlement of the
large Indian reservations within the Ter
ritory, with the possible exception of the
Navajo reservation in Northeastern Ari
zona, and the Government construction of
reservoirs for water storage for irrigation
in suitable localities, with canals leading
to lands allotted to the Indians. The
Governor says the latter action, in which
Indian labor could be largely utilized,
would help to make farmers of the Indi
ans. He declares that further mainten
ance of the tribal relations as now con
ducted and the retention of reservation
agencies around which the Indians clus
ter and live in idleness on Government
rations seriously retard the civilization of
the Indians.
A number of localities in the Territory
are dissatisfied with the census returns,
and the Government alleges that the
greatest injustice was done to Phoenix
the capital, in fixing its population at
544 only. Its registration for the city
election last May, he claims, indicated a
population this year of at least 10,000. He
attributes the discrepancy in the figures
to enumeration in the summer, when the
people were at summer resorts, and to
careless work of enumerators. He says
from the school census and other reliable
sources the population of the Territory is
now at least 135,000, against the census
returns of 122,012.
Within the last decade 545 miles of canal
have been constructed at a cost of $1,508,
469, and irrigated land has increased
19,595 acres.
Ste«l Plate Factory in Japan.
TACOMA. Wash., Nov. 10— The Jap
anese naval department is preparing to
establish a steel-plate factory at Kure at
a cost of 6,000.000 yen. Last year the lower
house of the Diet refused to make an ap
propriation for this purpose, but the naval
department has now obtained funds from
other sources. The plant will be in work
ing order in three years.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAL.L, MONDAY, NOVEMBER 11, 1901.
COALING DEPOTS
IN EVERY ZONE
American Vessels Need
Use No Foreign
FueL
Stations So Located That Our
Cruisers May Circumnavi
gate the Globe.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CALL BUREAU, 1406 G STREET N. W.,
WASHINGTON, Nov. 10.— Coaling sta
tions and coal supplies have been estab
lished by Rear Admiral Bradford, chief
of bureau of equipment of the Navy De
partment, to such an extent tnat a vessel
of the United States navy could steam
around the world and use nothing but
American owned coal. In time of war it
would not be possible for an American
warship ;o oDtain coal belonging to this
Government at European ports because of
the necessity of the observance of neu
trality by the European nations, and be
cause of the jealousy of Europe to the
presence of American vessels. Because of
that condition no action will be taken by !
this Government- looking to the acquisition j
of coaling station sites in Europe, but
Rear Admiral Bradford has carefully
formed plans for the establishment of
coaling stations on the South American
Continent, and, when they are established,
an American warship will have no ditfl
culty in obtaining fuel in all parts of the
world save Europe.
In his annual report just made public.
Rear Admiral Bradford says:
"As the department is aware, efforts are
being made to establish other naval coal
depots at important localities, which it is
deemed unwise to discuss in a report of a
public character."
Millions Paid for Coal.
A striking illustration of the growth of
the American navy is presented in the
single statement in the report of Rear Ad
miral Bradford that he spent $2,273,111 last
fiscal year for 324,108 tons of coal at an
average cost of $7 01 per ton. The report
says that this was nearly 95,713 more tons
of coal than was used during the preced
ing fiscal year. Ten years ago the coal
consumption was 73,000 tons per annum.
Admiral Bradford has scattered Ameri
can coal all over the world, wherever suit
able storage could be found. He has
placed 12,000 tons at Yokohama and 5,000
at Pichilique, Mexico, and he has sent
large quantities to Guam and to tne Phil
ippines. He carried 9000 tons by water
from the Atlantic Coast to Mare Island,
Cal., where it came into competition with
English Cardiff coal. They have averaged
the same in cost, viz.: $9 29 per ton, but
at present, owing to the scarcity of Amer
ican freight vessels, the best Cardiff coal
is considerably cheaper at Mare Island. It
is recommended that two large steam
10,000 ton colliers be built to keep depots
supplied in time of peace and to accom
pany the fleets in time of war.
Summarizing the work accomplished at
various coaling stations during the year
the report takes up Cavite and says that
the bureau is about to open bids for a
45,000 ton coaling station there. Efforts
have been made to obtain a site for a
coaling station at Cebu. but thus far with
out success. Coaling stations have been
located at Port Isabella and at Polloo,
Mindanao. A complete station has been
established at Yokohama, Japan, and It is
now fully stocked with coal.
Cable Surveys Are Completed.
Admiral Bradford says very little about
his favorite project In a trans-Pacific sub
marine telegraph cable, contenting himself
with the statement that the bureau is
now in possession of all data required, so
far as surveys are concerned, to lay this
cable. In the same connection he renews
his recommendation for a careful exam
ination of the Pacific Ocean, west of the
Hawaiian Islands, to locstte dangers to
navigation. He recommends that addi
tional hydrographic offices be established
at Manila and at Pensacola, Fla.
The report says that the nubject of
wireless telegraphy has been followed
carefully during the year, but it does not
appear advisable to adopt any particular
system at present, or to acquire any more
apparatus than necessary for purposes of
Instruction. It is clear that no system has
as yet passed beyond the experimental
stage.
RUN DELIGHTS
THE FARMERS
Storm in Many Sections
Brings Manifold
Benefits.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN DIEGO, Nov. 10.— The rain which
was threatening all day yesterday com
menced falling this morning at 5 o'clock
and kept coming in showers all day long.
The total precipitation amounted to .37 of
an inch, making .67 for the season. Re
ports from the country show that the rain
was general but not heavy. It extended
as far south on the peninsula as Ensen
ada. There was no damage done to hay
and grain and raisins are all housed. An
other rain of about double the fall would
start plows going all over the county.
Orchards are vastly improved, at least in
appearance, by the showers.
LOS ANGELES, Nov. 10.— Rain began
falling at Los Angeles about 2 a. m. to
day and showers fell at intervals from
that time until 2 p. m., when the weather
cleared somewhat. To-night it is cool and
partly cloudy, with wind indications that
the rain is over for the present. The total
rainfall for the storm was .46 of an inch,
making a total for the season of 2.46
inches. The rain was general in this sec
tion.
MONTEREY, Nov. 10.— Nearly half an
inch of rain fell here last night and ad
vices from outlying districts show the
downpour was general and nearly uniform
in quantity throughout the district. The
farmers are pleased and predict a good
year.
MERCED, Nov. 10.— This section has
been visited by a steady rainfall of twelve
hours' duration, the precipitation being
over three-fourths of an inch and making
the total for the season nearly two inches.
A large amount of summer fallow seeding
has been done in this county and the pres
ent storm will enable farmers to begin
winter plowing and seeding, besides being
of great benefit to grazing land.
WOODLAND, Nov. 10,-There has been
sufficient rainfall to enable Tolo County
farmers to seed their summer fallowed
land and put it in fine condition. Winter
plowing will begin soon and the area sown
to wheat will probably be as large as
usual. The shipment of table grapes to
the East closed last week. The crop was
good and prices throughout the season
have been satisfactory. The wine grape
crop while not so large as usual has been
very profitable.
SAN MIGUEL, Nov. 10.— The second
rain of this season, which began falling
last evening, will prove a great blessing
to this section. Since the last storm the
green grass has sprung up so that stock
of all kinds are doinp well. Up to 7
o'clock this morning .29 of an inoh of
rain hap fallen making a total for the
season thus far of 1.17 inches, against
.60 of an inch the same date last year
FRESNO, Nov. 10.— A heavy rain fell
In Fresno this morning, the total pre
cipitation being .53 of an inch. It will
not only do pood but will cause much
improvement in pastures and make pos
sible the immediate commencing of plow
ing.
Boy Makes Target of Ppssers-By.
DEVIL'S LAKE. N. D., Nov. 10.— The
6-year-old son of William Barber passed
the time to-day shooting with a revolver
at persons passing his home. Miles Mil
ler, a merchant, was made a target of by
the boy, but was missed. Burt Crary, a
12-year-old boy, was shot through the
lung and probably fatally wounded. The
Barber boy seemed to think he was hav
ing a good time.
RUMOR THAT BRIGANDS HAVE KILLED
MISS STONE IS CREDITED IN SOFIA
American Consul General Dickinson Reproaches Bulgarian Au
thorities With Having Embarrassed Negotiations and Placed
Lives of the Missionary and Her Companion in Jeopardy
NEW YORK, Nov. 10.— Tho World has the following from Sofia: There is a persistent rumor
here that Ellen M. Stone, the American woman missionary, who, together with her Bible reader, Mrs.
Tsilka, has been a captive in the hands of brigands nearly ten weeks, is dead. The American diplomatic
agent here, Charles M. Dickinson, who has been tireless in his efforts to rescue Miss Stone and is even now
in communication with her captors, is incredulous; yet many here believe the report because it is known
that Yanne Sandansky, the brigand chief, lately threatened to kill her, ransom or no ransom.
SOFIA, Bulgaria, Nov. 10.— Infor- ,
mation has been received here
from Doubnltza that the band of
brigands holding captive Miss
Ellen M. Stone, the American
missionary, called about a fortnight ago
at the village of Smetchevo and subse
quently proceeded to the monastery of
Rllo but the movements of the troops
compelled the brigands to flee toward the
frontier, where they are now in hiding.
It is also asserted that the brigands
have recently been treating Miss Stone
with more severity, in order to exercise
pressure and to compel a more ready ac
ceptance of their conditions.
. . t « » t.T.-t-t-.t- i 1 ? t..t..t..'..T.
IRELAND'S HOPES
GROW BRIGHTER
Irish Envoys in Dramatic
Speech Tell of Her
Noble Aims.
BOSTON, Nov. 10.— Ireland's hopes and
alms were told in dramatic language to
8000 men and women in Mechanics' Hall
to-night by the Irish envoys, Hon. John
P Redmond, Hon. M. A. McHugh and
Hon. Thomas O'Donnell. The gathering
was directed by the United Irish League,
and the presiding officer was William
Lloyd Garrison. His address was well in
keeping with the sentiment of the even
ing. He said in part:
The element of justice, nerving: the outraged
champions of liberty to heroic deed* is au
ally more potent than ships and regiments
in "Khaki.
The uprising in South Africa and the Philip
pines, both now extending into years, have
baffled short-sighted statesmen who looked for
their subsidence In a few weeks.
Ireland and South Africa, common victims
of English wrongs, are separated by wide seas
and the barrier of language. Happily the
sturdy burghers of the Transvaal and the
Orange Free State are able to speak with
Irish lips in the House of Commons with un
compromising effectiveness. It is to the honor
and glory of Ireland that in this crisis
her representative sons have stood as a bulwark
for freedom.
Garrison expressed the hope that anti-
English demonstrations in this country
will be Intelligently directed against the
real enemy, the autocratic and plutocratic
class now holding political control in Eng
land, and that general recognition will
be made of that better England, termed
pro-Boer and traitors, typified by John
Morley, Frederick Harrison, John Burns,
Miss Emily Hobhouse and Dr. Spence
Watson.
Redmond said he and his colleagues had
come to America to proclaim three
things:
First, the enmity of the Irish race.
Second, to explain the policy of the
United Irish League.
Third, to ask for the moral and the ma
terial support of the Irish race in Amer
ica, from their descendants and the Amer
ican people themselves.
O'Donnell, in the course of his remarks,
said that Ireland to-day is an Irish Ire
land, whose sons respect her past, respect
and value her products and bar every
thing that comes from England. In con
clusion the speaker said: *
We are not cowardly enough to make any
statement in this fcee republic that we would
not make in Ireland or in the House of Com
mons. We should be unworthy of freedom did
we counsel the submission to intolerable
wrongs. We have not come to preach any
such doctrines.
I appeal to Irish parents in America to do
their duty to cultivate an Irish national senti
ment and to instruct their children in the his
tory of our beloved country.
McHugh spoke on the bright outlook for
the Irish people, and said they must fol
low the policy of Parnell.
Rev. Arthur J. Teeling of Linn intro
druced a series of resolutions, which were
unanimously adopted, indorsing the plan
of the United Irish League as outlined by
Redmond, and promising moral and finan
cial support for the movement.
The guests were escorted to the hall
from the Bellevue Hotel by seven com
panies of the Ninth Regiment, M. N. G.
GIVES RICHES AWAY
AND WANTS THEM BACK
Court Decides That a Washington
Man Has Lost All Title
to Property.
TACOMA, Wash., Oct. 10.— Four years
ago Andrew Jackson of Centralia deeded
ai". his property to William Huen and
wife, Mrs. Huen being Jackson's daugh
ter. Jackson had recently lost his wife
when this happened and believed that
would not livj long. He desired his
daughter to have everything he pos
sessed and followed up L.s real estate
conveyances by placing in her hands his
valuable papers and other chattels.
This summer Jackson came to the con
clusion that he still had a considerable
time to live. He met and wooed a hand
some woman younger than himself and
set up another establishment. He then
applied to his daughter and her husband
fo ¦ the property he had given them. They
did not wish to reconvey it and declined
point blank when pressed on the subject.
Jackson thought he had a clear case and
went into court.
The Superior Court has just decided
that his real estate conveyances were
absolute and the property cannot be re
covered. Another suit has been insti
tuted with the object of regaining pos
session of his former personal property.
In return for his gifts Jackson's relatives
were to take care of him during his re
maining days, and they argue that they
have always been willing to carry out
their part of the agreement.
STRIKES RICH ORE
WHEN DIGGING A WEJLL
Glenn County Farmer Finds a Gold
Mine When Searching £ot
Water.
GERMANTOWN, Nov. 10.— That the
hills in Western Glenn County contain
gold in paying quantities there appears
to be no doubt. Last week John Blum
quist decided to dig his well deeper that
he might obtain a more abundant supply
of water. He had dug but a few feet
when he came upon a peculiar quartz
formation resembling lead.
Those who saw the rock advised Blum
qulst to send it to San Francisco for as
say. He did so, and his returns state
that the quartz will run $3 50 in gold. $1 40
in silver and 70 cents in nickel. Blum
qulst has since taken out rock fully twice
as rich as that which was assayed. The
farm on which this was found is situated
in the foothills in the southwestern part
of Glenn County in a little valley lying
parallel with and between Clark and
Stony Creek valleys, near what is known
as the Pierson grade.
State Secretary to Fig-nt a Duel.
HAVANA, Nov. 10.— The papers an
nounced that Senor Tamayo, Secretary of
State and Government, has been chal
lenged to fight a duel by a member of the
Union Club whom, it is said, Senor Tam
ayo and a friend assaulted at the close
of the recent banquet given by the Cuban
Society to the visiting Chileans. Senor
Tamayo was detained by the police but
ultimately released by the Civil Governor.
Consul General Dickinson is inflexible.
He insists that the surrender of Miss
Stone must precede, or be simultaneous
with, the payment of the ransom. His
attitude is justified by the known deter
mination of some of the members of the
band, particularly the captain, Yanne
Sandsky, to kill Miss Stone and her com
panion as soon as the ransom is received,
owing to the fact that the captives have
now acquired information concerning the
secret committees.
Competent persons, however, express
the opinion that the cupidity of the brig
ands will overcome their fear of revela
tions, and all such approve the declara
tion of Mr. Dickinson.
GOES TO PHILIPPINES
ON IMPOBTANT MISSION
Catholic Prelate to Endeavor to Ar
range Agreement Between the
Filipinos and Americans.
LONDON, Nov. 11.— Referring to the de
parture of Mgr. Sbarrettl from Havana
and of Mgr. Chapelle from Rome, the
correspondent of the Daily Chronicle at
the Italian capital says the latter left
without having completed his mission of
settling the question of, the monasteries
in the Philippines and that the Vatican,
having decided to continue the status quo.
Is sending the former ecclesiastic to the
Philippines "to endeavor to arrange an
agreement between the Filipinos and the
American Government."
In buying clothes there is more to be considered than the quality of the materials. The
cloth mv .t cf necessity be good, but a great deal depends upon the workmanship. If the clothes
are made right they have a proper style and finish, and, what's more, a garment that hangs cor-
rectly and fits perfectly, will retain its shape and wear well, thus bringing out all the good feat-
ures of the material.
Our $9.00 sack suits are made from good quality all-wool materials: The making is done
by union labor, which is guarantee of superior workmanship. The system of measurements in-
sures a perfect fit for all normal men.
The suits are sold you on the money-back plan to convince you of their excellence and
protect you in your purchase.
The Suits Worsted Pants
The suits are made of cheviots, serges, For a limited .time we are making a special
tweeds and worsteds in solid colors and fancy sale of worsted pants ; although the value is
patterns, single and double breasted styles; $2. 50, the special price is
price
$ 9.00 $1.95
The Latest in Boys' Clothes
In buying her boys' clothes here a mother has, in addition to good values, a large assortment from which
to choose. Here is a whole floor devoted exclusively to childs', boys' and youths' clothing, furnishings and hats.
It's the biggest department of its kind this side of Chicago. What is wanted is sure to be found in the stock,
for it contains everything in wearing apparel except shoes. There is plenty of room, light and air — pur-
chases can be made with comfort and convenience. We mention a few of the many values:
<g-*""i- Sailor suits made of all-wool fast Two-piece suits made of all- . j^Pbb
r-JMSr\ color blue serge, with black, red wool mixtures in a variety of pat- f/ W
I tr*^§l and also red and black braid trim terns ' ages 7to 15 years, price r 7 f
>^jU^jBjajp mings, ages 3to 9 years, price $3 00 iL- X
/4JlPiffif^?^ V " tee SUitS made Of all w ° o1 Boys' extra heavy, double knee f§M 11 ||{ I
f'-jfremi V{^S&.~/»£lal mixtures, comprising many desir- hosiery, sizes 6 to 10, 25c a pair. JjjifjTijJ iw/jijf | 1 1'
Wmf^Wc^iir ablC pattCrnS ' agCS 3tO I 0 yearS ' Boys ' hats ' large ' assortment, ||| i||B| P|| llf I
iG&Mamr' $1 00 Boys ' golf caps and child '» %M
rfflM vJ«vr\7 sailors, on special sale at 23c. |Ywl|i|^ ¦
I IniSffl Write for our illustrated catalogue, "What to Wear." \j;JS
t^w JH§ Out-of-town orders filled — write us.
. 718 Market Street.
Yesterday Mr. Dickinson made energetic
representations to the Bulgarian Govern
ment against the movement of the Bulga
rian troops, reproaching the officials with
the fact that, notwithstanding their sol
emn promise to give him all assistance in
their power, their action was embarrass
ing the negotiations, retarding a settle
ment and placing in jeopardy the life of
Miss Stone. He made a definite declara
tion that the Bulgarian Government
would be held responsible for the death
of Miss Stone, and of all the conse
quences of her death, should it be
proved that the attitude of the Bulgarian
Government forced the brigands to kill
their captives.
LARGE DAWSON HOTEI/
DESTROYED BY FIBE
Blaze Baffles Efforts to Check It and
Temperature Is Below
Zero.
SEATTLE, Nov. 10.— The Hotel McDon
ald, the largest building of the kind in
Dawson, was burned several days ago,
' according to a delayed telegraphic dis
patch received here to-ntght. Firemen
made a gallant fight, with the thermo
meter below zero, but could not prevent
the loss of $20,000. . The last steamer of
the season in or out arrived Wednesday.
There will be no mall in again for prob
ably four weeks.
STRONG LOBBY
AIDING CHINESE
Fighting Against Re-en
e Coment of Exclusion
Law.
Friends of the Measure Have
Strong Champion in the
President
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK. Nov. 10.— The Journal has
the following from Washington: The
Presi-dent, the Secretary of the Treasury
and immigration officials favor the re
enactment of the Chinese exclusion law,
which expires on May 5, 1902, and not
withstanding reports inspired by the lob
by already at work in Washington that
the law will be allowed to die the strong
est reasons exist for believing that the
so-called Geary law, or an act framed
along the same lines, will be passed at
the coming session.
Railroad interests have combined with
some manufacturing and mining interests
to fight against the re-enactment of tho
exclusion law, and a powerful lobby is be
ing formed for this purpose. Secretary
Gage has denied the statement that he
was not in favor of exclusion. Commis
sioner Powderly and other treasury of
ficials heartily favor the retention of the
law.
Labor leaders ¦who have seen President
Roosevelt report that he is strongly la
favor of the re-enactment of the exclu
sion law.
The Immigration Commissioners from
the principal port 3of the United States
will meet at Ellis Island, New York, on
the 18th of this month and will recom
mend the re-enactment of the Geary law.
In connection with the trusts' propa
ganda against the Chinese exclusion ac*.
Minister Wu Ting Fang has done many
things unconventional. He has been an
active lobbyist against the Geary act.
The sermon of the man was never
greater than the Sermon on the Mount.
34
MONDAY. j. \ ......NOVEMBER n, 1901
JOHN D. .SPREqKEL?. Proprietor.-
Address All Cesmmsicitiou to W. 8. LEASE, Illlftr.
MANAGER'S OFFICE Telephone Press 204
PUBLICATION 1 OFFICE. . .Market and Third, S. F.
Telephone Press SOI.
EDITORIAL. ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson St.
Telephone Press 202.
Delivered l»y Carriers, IB Cents Per Week.
Sla*le Copies, Cents.
Terms by Mall, Including Postages
DAILY CALL (including Sunday), one year $6.00
DAILY CALL (including Sunday). C months 3.00
DAILY CALL 'Including Sunday). 3 months 1.50
DAILY CALL— By Single Month , 6So
SUNDAY CALL. One Year .* '. 1.50
•WEEKLY CALIa One Year..'. ...» 100
All postmasters are authorised to receive
subscriptions,
Sample copies will be forwarded when requested.
Mall subscribers In ordering change of address should be
particular to give both NEW AND OLD ADDRESS in order
to insure a prompt and correct compliance with their request.
OAKXA"VD OFFICE 1118 Broadway
C. GEORGE: KROGXBSS.
VuLfrtr foreign Advertising, Marictttt BniUiif, Chicago.
(Leer Distance Telephone "Central 8619.") - :
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C. CARLTOX Herald Square
NEW TORK REPRESENTATIVE: .
STEPHEN B. SMITH.. ..... .30 Tribune Building:
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS:
Waldorf-Astoria. Hotel; A. Brentano. 31 Union Square;
Murray Hill Hotel.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Sherman House; P. O. News Co.; Great Northern Hotel;
Fremont House; Auditorium Hotel.
WASHINGTON <». C.» OFFICE". . . .1406 G St., N. W.
MORTON E. CRAKE, Correspondent.
BRANCH OFFICES— Montgomery, corner of Clay, open
until *:*> o'clock. 300 Hayes, open until 9:3o, o'clock. 633
McAllister, open until 9:30 o'clock. 615 Larkin, open until
9:30 o'clock. 1S«1 Mission, open until 10 o'clock. 2261 Market,
corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock. 1096 Valencia, open
until 9 o'clock. 10« Eleventh, open until 9 o'clock. NW.
corner Twenty-second and Kentucky, open until 9 o'clock.
OP flllmore. open until 9 p. m. • ¦ - ' ¦'
AMUSEMENTS. • .
Orpheum— vi lie .
California— "Shore Acres."
Tivoli— "The Belle of New York." , v
Central— "Lights o' London."
Grand Opera-house — "Lohengrin."
Alcazar— "For Fair Virginia."
Columbia— "The First Duchess of Marlborough."
Chutes, Zoo and Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon and
evening.
Fischer's— Vaudeville. . -
Oakland Racetrack — to-day.
AUCTION SATYRS.
By G. H. TJmbsen & Co.— Monday. November 11, at 12
c clock. Real Estate, at 14 Montgomery street. ' —
OCTOBER A RECORD BREAKER.
TRADE conditions last week continued fully as
flattering as at any time during the past four
or five years. It is surprising Jiow the tide of
prosperity keeps up. There is no sign of a break
anywhere. The country is full of money and enor
mous exploitations of capital are carried through
with a success which >vould have dazzled financiers of
lest than a quarter of a century ago. And the best of
it is that they are mainly legitimate enterprises, de
signed for permanence, with a view to the payment
of food dividends for years to come, wholly non
speculative and resulting in lasting benefitAo the com
munities where they are established. We have lately
had an instance of this in our own city in the pur
chase of the Market street and other railroad sys
tems by a huge Eastern syndicate. These vast finan
cial operations could not be accomplished unless the
whole country was highly prosperous.
The weekly bank clearings reflected the general
condition of trade. The gain for the week was 28.4
per cent over the same week last year, and of the
eighty and more cities reporting their clearings only
four, and these small places, reported a loss. This
record is surprising, but it has happened more than
once during the past several years. The failures were
191, against 161 for the same week last year, but they
were generally unimportant.
The leading commercial staples, with one or two
exceptions, continue to make a fine showing. It goes
without saying that the iron and steel trade is active,
hut it is still hampered by the scarcity of cars. The
woolen mills are. all engaged to their full capacity
and stocks of goods are so reduced that the manu
facturers have lately been obliged to make heavy pur
chases of raw material. The South is holding back its
cotton, being led to this course by the general bullish
tendency in business all over the country. The ap
pearance of winter temperatures throughout the East
and West has stimulated clothing, groceries and other
common lines of merchandise to such a degree that
jobbers everywhere have increased their orders.
Wheat, too, is at last rising, and is more buoyant all
over the world, with larger buying at great market
centers. Hides and leather are quoted strong, with
active markets, and so on down the whole list of
staple goods, if provisions and dried fruit be ex
cepted. the two latter lines being quieter and more
or less weak in all positions. The shipping trade is
reported in fine condition, more high class vessels
being under construction than ever before, while the
demand for vessels is still lively.
The condition of trade in San Francisco is re
jected by the showing of the export business of the
port during the month of October. The volume ex
ceeded that of September by over $3,000,000, and that
of October, 1000, by $1,292,000, the latter having pre
sly been the record month, while the figures last
month were $3,000,000 over the average of the past
twelve months. These figures tell the commercial
story of the port.
The current rise in wheat is a good thing for this
State, for there is a large supply of that grain here,
and if it brings pood prices the circulation of money
among the farmers and merchants will be increased
by millions. When wheat does well everything else
it apt to be prospt^pus. so the outlook is bright. The
other staples, such as wool, hides, live stock, wines,
l>eans, canned goods of all kinds, etc., are quoted firm
and in steady outward movement, the only lines show
ing dullness at the moment being provisions, hops
¦ dried fruits. The city and country banks report
large funds on hand, and solvent borrowers find no
difficulty in getting all the accommodation they want
-easonable rates of interest. The city and State
were never in better commercial condition than they
to-day. I
hi dealing with the Sultan the French continue to
It polite, but they insist that their taking ways shail
• ermitted to include the taking of Turkish cus
tom* wherever they tan pick them up.
FUTURE GOLD SUPPLY.
SOME time ago Professor Shaler of Harvard
Was reported to have said in a lecture that im
proved processes of working gold mines of all
sorts have so cheapened the cost of producing the
metal that it would ere long be so abundant as to be
hardly Available for monetary uses. Professor Shaler
promptly denied having made such a statement, but
at the same time declined to inform the public of his
views on the subject. He has now contributed to the
I International Monthly an article on "The Future of
j the Gold Supply," which, while not so sensational as
! the statements attributed to him, is nevertheless
I something like a confirmation of the essential features
of the report.
The professor points out that gold is one of the
most widely diffused of metals. It exists almost every
where but rarely in paying quantities. Thus he says:
"While it may be said that wherever a person may
b e on the surface of the earth, or on the ocean, there
j is likely to be enough gold within a mile of his feet
j to- make him a millionaire, the places where gold can
conceivably be won at a profit are relatively few."
There are three situations in which gold is found
under conditions that render it profitable to work
the fields. First, the lodes or veins in which gold has
been deposited commonly in association with other
metals; second, the accumulation of detritus arising
from the decay of rocks containing gold; and, third,
the deposits containing gold formed like the second
class, but which have been brought beneath the sea,
deeply covered by strata, and have thus been sub
jected to influences that have greatly changed their
character.
Professor Shaler discusses the prospective output
of each of the three kinds of gold fields in turn. He
notes that in working the lodes and veins of gold in
the rocks, there have been such improvements in the
methods that at present it does not cost one-third
as much to win and treat a given amount of ore
from an underground mine as it did in 1850. By rea
son of the increased efficiency of the processes of
such mining, and making no allowance for future im
provements, he estimates that the yield from that
group of gold deposits is likely within twenty yea r s
to exceed $500,000,000 per annum and to be main
tained at that or a greater rate for many decades.
In the working of the gravel or alluvial deposits
equally great improvements have been made, notably
in New Zealand, where a dredge has been devised
which Tenders it profitable to work alluvial gravels
that were wholly unprofitable a few years ago. In
addition to the alluvial fields already being exploited,
it is believed new fields will be found and opened
up along the whole Pacific Coast from Alaska to
Patagonia, in'the northern part of South America, in
the Carolinas, Georgia and Alabama, in Siberia and
in many parts of China. The professor says: "It is
indeed not improbable that in twenty years from the
present time the annual production from this source
may exceed that which is now contributed from all
the existing mines." He adds: "This, be it said, is
but an opinion, and is of no value as an estimate."
The third group of gold deposits is found mainly
in California and South Africa. The professor says:
"Owing to the fact that such deposits may have a
horizontal extent vastly greater than that of any
vein, their possible importance as a source of supply
becomes evident. That of the Rand, if such it be, is
fairly reckoned as certain to yield more than two
billion dollars. As nature repeats itself with what
seems to be a love of so doing, we may fairly assume
that the discovery of other like deposits will reward
those keen-eyed and indcfatigible searchers for the
treasures of the under earth who are now afoot in
all lands."
As to the result. Professor Shaler holds that the
output of gold will continue to increase until the
metal becomes so cheap it will no longer pay profits
on the operation. He adds: "It is clear, however,
that much disturbance of values would be brought
about before this automatic brake could be operated.
All debts, though their face value would be un
changed, would be as effectively scaled down as
though a despot had for his profit debased the coin
age of the civilized world."
Professor Shaler has no remedy for what he calls
"this apparent danger." The world, however, we be
lieve, will hardly be alarmed by the professor's views.
Should the supply of gold become so abundant as to
materially lessen its value, there would grow up an
increasing demand for it in India and China and in
South America. In short, there seems no reason to
fear that the world will ever have occasion to regret
having adopted gold as the standard of value.
Mr. Winston Churchill in addressing his constit
uents a few days ago said the South African war "has
ceased to be a supreme issue and become an unmiti
gated nuisance"; all of which may be so, but the sad
truth remains that it is just as hard for Kitchener to
abate the nuisance as it was for him to settle the
issue.
AN EARTH TELEPHONE.
SOME time ago dispatches from London con
tained a brief announcement of certain experi
ments made in England for the purpose of
demonstrating the feasibility of sending wireless mes
sages through the earth as well as through the air.
British papers have now been received giving de
tailed accounts of the experiments, and from their re
ports it appears the new telegraphy, or "earth tele
phone," as they call it, may ere long be in practical
operation.
The London Chronicle in reporting the experi
ments says the inventors of the system, Tarbottan
Armstrong and Axel Orling, have found that it is
possible to' start the electricity of the earth into waves
by a slight and almost imperceptible impulse, and
any number of the waves thus started can be picked
up and made to deflect a needle or agitate the re
ceiver of a telephone.
The report then goes on to say: "A small battery
(fitted with the ordinary apparatus for transmitting
the Morse code) and a telephone transmitter
were put up in a small shed. A thousand yards
away there was another shed fitted with re
ceivers for both code and telephone. Mes
sages were sent, and a conversation was held
through the solid earth. The only apparatus was the
transmitters and receivers, and a bar of iron driven
six feet into the ground outside each shed. The whole
cost of the apparatus would be £5 or £6. So
far it has been found to work up to distances of three
or four miles. But this is not all. Our discoverers
have found that their current can be sent through
water as well as land. At a distance of a thousand
yards a model torpedo was steered by means of an
electric current that passed through both air and
water. There was something uncanny in seeing the
rudder moved at will by no visible agency."
The results of the experiments appear like marvels
indeed, but it is very well known that many an inven
tion works successfully in purely experimental tests,
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, NOVEMBER 11, 1901.
but fails to satisfy the requirements of practical work
in the world. Something further, therefore, will have
to be done by the inventors of the new telegraphy
before the world will accept it as a feasible system.
At present it can be looked upon only as a thing of
promise. The inventors themselves have of course
high expectations of it. They have coined a word
from the first syllable of each of their names and
given to the system the name "Armorl." They claim
that ships fitted with their apparatus can communi
cate with one another for a distance of fifteen miles,
and that lighthouses and lightships can send or re
ceive messages over an equal distance.
In some respects the earth messages promise even
more than the Marconi system of telegraphing
through the air. The store of electricity in the earth
is enormous, and should there be developed a practi
cal way of making use of it, we might eventually em
ploy it not for telegraphing only but for lighting and
fcven for motive power.
It is announced that the title of the lecture Sarah
Grand is delivering in the East is "Mere Man," and
it is hardly necessary to add that according to the
reports the audiences are mainly composed of women
who doubtless wish to learn all they can about the
"mereness" of the brute.
FOR many a year past Nevada has seemed to
casual observers to be a decadent State. East
ern people acquired a habit of referring to it as
"a mining camp." Sometimes they called it "a politi
cal rotten borough." As a rule they. believed it to be
a land whose mineral resources are exhausted and
which has nothing else to rely upon for the acquire
ment of wealth and the support of an increasing popu
lation.
Those who have shared that opinion will now have
to change it. The strong 1 and energetic men who
have stayed with Nevada have discovered new
sources of mineral wealth, and these promise to yield
even more abundantly than those whose exploitation
were the wonder of the world in days gone by. Dili
gent prospectors have brought to light several"dis
tricts where the yield of gold is promising in the
highest degree, and, as a consequence, new mining
enterprises are being undertaken with capital suf
ficient to carry them to success.
Nor is it in mining only that the energies of the
people of Nevada are developing new fields for profit
able industry. By reason of the extension of irriga
tion, many districts of the State that formerly pro
duced nothing but sage brush are now marked by
fields of alfalfa, farms and orchards. The live
stock industry thrives. It is not so extensive as it was
in times past, but it is now adapting itself to new
conditions, and in the end, with the extension of irri
gation and the increased production of grasses of one
kind or another, it will eventually be larger than ever.
The new activity of the State finds full develop
ment at Reno, which is now one of the most attrac
tive and wealthy cities of its size in the Union, and
has entered upon something like a new era in its his
tory. The State University has an attendance which
attests the desire of the youth of the commonwealth
for higher education and their ability to attain it. In
fact, whether considered with respect to her mines,
her cattle, her farms, her cities, her business or her
educational institutions, Nevada is capable of making
a good showing for herself.
In times past the wealth of Nevada was taken
away to build up other States, but the new wealth
seems to be in the hands of men who love the State,
who intend to live there and who will use it to build up
Nevada herself. Such being the case, it is not easy
to set limits to the changes which may be wrought
in the conditions of Nevada life within the next ten
years. Many an Eastern man who has been taught
to look upon the State as no better than an exhausted
mining camp may yet seek it as a place for the in
vestment of his money and find there so many at
tractions that he will settle there permanently and
become as big a Nevada boomer as any of those who
have lived there for forty years or are native to the
soil.
The New Orleans Times-Democrat has sprung
upon the country a new problem or puzzle that may
be worth studying just to pass the time away. It says
in reference to the State Insane Asylum: "Why is
it that while among the whites the men constitute
more than twice as many lunatics as the women, the
reverse is true of the negroes, the colored female
lunatics in the asylum being exactly twice as many
as the male negroes?" Any man who can answer the
question will please send the explanation direct to
the Times-Democrat. We have troubles of our own.
Anarchists are bad people and lynchers are bad
people, but what are we to say of criminals of the
type of the professional nurse who is charged in
Massachusetts with poisoning four patients whom she
was employed to nurse, and who is suspected of other
poisonings? It looks like a case where a woman
having been taught to handle poisons deliberately
made use of the knowledge to put people to death,
not from malice or hope of gain, but merely for the
pleasure of exercising her skill in administering
poison. '
According to a report from Berlin the Kaiser, when
attending the dedication of a church at Konigsberg,
surprised the congregation by delivering the prayer
himself, and it is said "it was most eloquent and
'would have done credit to an archbishop." As the
Kaiser had already established a reputation as an
orator, preacher, painter, poet, musician, sailor,
sportsman and all round dresser, there would seem
now to be nothing left for him to do except to take
tothe prize ring or try to elevate the stage.
The fact that an lowa farmer even at this early
period of the fall has been found frozen to death in
a cornfield within a few hundred yards of his home
shows what kind of a climate they have over there.
Husking corn in lowa appears to be about as cold a
job as hunting for gold at Cape Nome.
The campaign investigations of the crookedness of
Tammany Hall have brought to light the fact that in
some departments of the city the names- of dead men
are carried right along on the payrolls, and the re
formers are- now trying to find out who draws the
Pay-
It is now evident there will be no profit in the
financial part of the Pan-American exposition and
Buffalo \v^ll have to brace up, look pleasant and say
she put up the show just for the sake of entertaining
visitors and being hospitable.
A movement has been started in New York to get
the Board of Health to forbid the sale or use of cigar
stumps picked up in the streets, and it looks like an
attack on the snuff trade and the cheap cigarette
business. ...,
" ! x - - -
FLOURISHING NEVADA.
SIR THOMAS LIPTON
"LIFTS" A LOVING CUP
GAME BRITISH SPORTSMAN WHO FAILED TO CAPTURE THE AMER
ICA'S CUP HAS BEEN PRESENTED WITH A MASSIVE SILVER
LOVING CUP BY THE CHICAGO ATHLETIC CLUB.
PERSONAL MENTION.
E. A. Eaton and F. C. Ballard. business
men of Salinas, are at the Lick.
George B. Levlngs, a mining man of
Pareal, Mexico, is located at the Grand.
Dr. H. N. Winton of Haywards is at
the Occidental, accompanied by his wife.
Railroad Commissioner E. B. Edson Is
registered at the Occidental from Gazelle.
Captain Edwin T. Cole, U. S. A., is at
the Occidental, en route to the Philip
pines.
Rev. Dr. J. O. Lincoln and wife of San
Mateo are among the arrivals at the Occi
dental.
Charles Counselman. a member of the
Chicago Board of Trade, is registered at
the Palace.
Mrs. Thomas P. Taylor, wife of a man
ufacturer of Bridgeport, Conn., is a guest
at the California.
George I. Becker, a former captain of
volunteers in the United States army, is
registered at the California.
A CHANCE TO SMILE.
Teacher— "What does b-u-1-l-y spell?
Johnny— Why, er-um-m-
Teacher— Come, come! Suppose a great
big boy were to strike a little fel
low, what would you call him?
Johnny— l don't dast ter tell yer,
ma'am. — Catholic Standard.
Husband (weakly)— This is the fourth
time this week we've had corned beef and
cabbage, Maria, and I'm just a little tired
of it.
His "Wife— l'm sure, Thomas, you're
very unreasonable. You know I've had to
correct the proof sheets of my new
book, "One Hundred Dainty Dinners." —
London Tit-Bits.
"How do you manage to get rid of
bores?" asked Snodgrass,. as he came in
and took a seat by the editor's desk.
"Oh, easily enough," replied the editor.
"I begin to tell them stories about my
=mart youngster. Now, only the other
day he said What! Must you go?
Well, good morning."— Tit-Bits.
"Mrs. <7e Flunk was sneering at the
Goodleighs because they crossed the At
lantic in a steamer of a line that is only
moderately well known."
"And yet the De Flunk's ancestors trav
eled around in a cattle boat."
"When was that?" V
"At the time of the flood."— Cleveland
Plain Dealer.
An old Scottish farmer, being elected a
member of the local School Board, visited
the school and tested, the Intelligence of
the class by his questions. The first in
quiry was:
"Noo, boys, can ony o' you tell me what
naethlng is?"
After a moment's silence, a small boy
in a back seat arose and replied:
"It's what ye gi'e me t'other day for
haudin* yer horse!" — London Answers.
That scientific man who is so thorough
ly determined to make monkeys useful
contends that they would prove excellent
cotton pickers.
There is no doubt that monkeys picking
cotton might prove such a comical sight
that the hired man would never descend
from the adjoining fence unless he fell
off from the effects of uncontrollable
laughter. — Cleveland Plain Dealer.
The wife of a clever detective Is said to
have powers nearly equal to those pos
sessed by her husband. Not long ago she
began to notice that sixpences and shil
lings were daily disappearing as if by
magic from the "change purse" in which
she kept silver for small purchases. She
was inclined to suspect one of her two
maids, a sullen Irish girl, but was unwill
ing to accuse her. After some thought
she wrote on a slip of paper, "Neither
Bridget nor Celia must take any money
from this purse." This slip she put into
the purse with some silver and awaited
developments.
Two days later Bridget came to her and
geve "warning."
"What is the matter?" asked her mis
tress, innocently.
"I'll be going to another place," said
Bridget, vindictively, "and It's yourself
that knows the rayson. I'll not stay in a
house where I'm accused of stealing
money out of a little ould purse that's
nivver had more than half- a suvran In It
since I took service here!"— Tid-Bits.
Walnut and Pecan Panoche. Townsend. ?
Cbolca candies. Tonwsend's, Palace Hotel*
Cal. Glace Fruit 60c per lb at Townsend's •
Special Information supplied , daily - to
business houses and public men by tha
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. *
:¦ -- ' • ? » — :
Graphite suitable for making lead pen
cils is found in almost every country on
the globe. "~~
SUMMER RATES at Hotel del Coronado,
Coronado Beach, Cal.. effective after April 15;
$60 for round trip. Including 15 days at hotel.
Faciflo Coast S. S. Co.. 4 New Montgomery it.
ANSWERS TO QUERIES
RAILROADS— G. M.. Stockton. Cal.
The mileage of street railroads In San
Francisco is 251.18 miles.
THE GRANT MONUMENT— G. A.. City.
The cost of the Grant monument In
Golden Gate Park wts $2500.
HALF OF 1827— Subscriber, San Jose,
Cal. A half dollar of 1827 is not one of
the kind of coins for which dealers offer
a premium.
DAN BURNS— H. F. S., City. Dan
Burns was never appointed United States
Senator, from California or from any
where else.
MISS GOULD— W. M.. Alcatraz. Cal.
The address of Miss Helen Miller Gould
is Irvington-on-the-Hudson. New York,
and 579 Fifth avenue. New York City.
GOAT ISLAND— L. M. W., Oakland.
Cal. The area of Goat Island, in the bay
of San Francisco, is 140.9 acres. Its heigh;
is 344 feet above sea level, and the light
house on the island is 79 feet above such
level.
CONSTABLE— G. G. R., City. For the
name of any constable of Contra Costa
County address a communication to tho
Sheriff of that county, Martinez. Inclose
a self-addressed and stamped envelope for
a reply. ,
FRIENDLY NATlON— Subscriber, Val
lejo, Cal. In time of peace it is an Insult
to hoist the flag of one friendly nation
above the flag of another friendly nation.
So each flag must be flown from a sepa
rate staff.
POLYTECHNIC SCHOOLS— I. M.,Guln
da, Cal. In San Francisco there 13 a
polytechnic school at Bush and Stockton
streets, the Lick School and the Wilmerd
ing School, both at Sixteenth and Utah
streets, and the Cogswell at Twenty-sixth
and Folsom streets.
DIVORCE— W. T. A., City. The gen
eral rule of law is that a decree in case
of divorce made In one State, being a
judgment of record, it will be given its
original force In every other State. For
this purpose courts of equity, Federal
and State, have jurisdiction.
DOORS— J. S. G., City. There is no
record of the "number of entrances or
doorways in the residence portion of the
city." An Individual who has plenty of
leisure might take a systematic trip
through the residence portion of the city
and count the number of entrances and
doorways.
ISLAND OF ARRAN— Subscriber, Oak
land, Cal. There is the island of Arran
in the mouth of the Firth of Clyde, Scot
land, and there are the South Isles of Ar
ran across the entrance to Galway Bay,
about four miles off the west coast of Ire
land. On these isles the people speak Eng
lish and Erse or Gaelic.
GOVERNMENT SEEDS— C. L. S.. Oak
land, Cal. To obtain government seeds
adress a communication to the United
States Experimental Station of Agricul
ture at Berkeley or the Congressman of
the district in which you live. The sta
tion at Berkeley will advise you as to
apple trees and results.
FLAG AT HALF MAST-Subscriber,
Vallejo, Cal. Who first suggested the idea
of placing a flag at half mast as a sign
of mourning for death, defeat or national
loss is beyond the ken of man. It was
practiced in the times of the ancients as
a token of defeat in war, and it Is prob
able that the nag was half masted in.
token of defeat after a long struggle
against death.
ROACHES— Mr. W., Colusa, Cal. Pow
dered borax distributed where cock
roaches most congregate is said to be the
very best method to drive them away. If
you desire to kill the pests use a mixture
of red lead, Indian meal and molasses, or
one of a decoction of poke root and mj
lasses, spread on plates and placed where
they are noticed. They are very fond of
both preparations, which kills them
quickly.
CITT CIVIL SERVlCE— Subscriber
City. As to the time a list of ellgibles
under the civil service rules lasts in San
Francisco the charter says: "The com
missioners may strike off names of can
didates from the register after they have
remained thereon more than two years."
From this It would appear that the com
missioners may allow the names of eli
glbles to remain on the register for an in
definite period.
GOD SAVE THE KING— E. C. E., Pa
cific Grove. Cal. Concerning the author
and composer of "God Save the King"
opinions differ. It has been generally be
lieved that Henry Carey, an English com
poser who in 1744 laid violent hands upon
himself, wrote the song and music and
that he employed Dr. Thornton of Bath
and Christopher Smith, Handel's clerk, to
correct the words as well as the music.
This gave rise to an assertion that Han
del was the composer. The words and
NAVAL POWERS
TABOO SWIFT
DESTROYERS
The verdict in the Cobra case, which it
trlbuted the loss of that vessel to "struc
tural weakness" and also found that
she was "weaker than other destroyers, '
has placed the British Admiralty and tha
builders on the defensive. It is 3tat--d
that Parliament is likely to invesr
the entire subject of destroyers, but ;>
the meantime the navy authorities do no;,
concede that the Parson turbine system
of propulsion is at fault, but will simply
fee more careful in the purchase or build-
Ing of future vessels of that class.
Another British destroyer, the Brazen.
has become disabled and forced to aban
don her cruise in the north seas on ac
count of leaky boiler tubes. Accidents
by collision, running ashore, foundering
and repairs to engines and boilers have
become too frequent since the advent of
these frail crafts with excessive horse
power, and all naval powers except Grea:
Britain have teased building thirty-knot
boats.
Birchings and caningn are still met»l
out as punishment to such offenders .n
the British navy as are under 21 years of
age. The latest annual return shows that
nine birchings were inflicted under sen
tence of court-martial and 315 birchings
by order of commanding officers, or tho
"first Luf." No stater-.ent is made of tha
canings, but "Jimmy Legs, " as the mad
ter-at-arms is termed, holds no sinecure
position in the British navy, and his can*
Is rarely out of action.
The Powerful and Terrible are to have
four additional casemates with six-inch
guns added to their armament. Tha
present batteries of these 14,200-ton cruia
ers consist of two 9.2-inch, twelve six
inch quick-firers, eighteen twelve-pound
ers and twelve three-pounders, and somes
naval officers are of the opinion that they
could easily carry six 'or eight additional
six-inch guns, rind thus make the batter
ies proportionate to tho size of the ships.
The turrets of the new British battleship
Implacable are in such bad working order
as to necessitate the detention of the ship
at the dockyard for several months. The
forward turret 13 entirely useless in it.*
present condition, having settled about
six inches, and tne after-turret has also
sagged, preventing the guns from being
used exc«pt in one position. The rollers
and the hydraulic machinery are also
said to be defective. The turrets will bs
removed, their foundations rebuilt and
other machinery for operating will have
to be installed.
• • •
There are now three admirals In the
German navy, Prince Heinrich of Prus
sia being the latest promotion to that
grade. He entered the navy in 1877, was
promoted to staff officer in 1888 and to
"captain at sea" in IS9O. serving in th-3
latter capacity in four ships. In 1896 he
became a rear admiral, and December 5,
1899, vice admiral. Although his promo
tion has been rapid as compared win
that of other officers in the navy not of
royal blood, he has had considerable ac
tive service and is considered an efficient
officer, fully versed in all the details of
his profession, and a good authority on
naval architecture, ordnance and kindred
subjects. The other two admirals are Yon
Koester, with patent of 18&7, and Thomp
son of 1899.
The growth cf the personnel In the
German navy from April, 1900, up to one
year later is as follows:
April 1900. 'April 1901.
Sea officers 876 939
Naval cadets 425 528
Engineer officers 144 159
Sailor division 11,200 12.100
Dockyard division 7.308 8.206
Torpedo division 2.819 3,157
Boys 1.000 1.300
Totals 23,773 26,387
• • »
Gunnery practice is receiving much at
tention of late in foreign navies, notably
in the French and Engl'sh. In the lattei
the conditions for heavy and light guns
are different, the target used for the 12
inch and 9.2-inch guns being fifteen feat
high, twenty feet across the top and flft/
feet at the foot. The vessels steam past
this target at eight knots' speed at dis
tances varying from 1400 to 2000 yards,
firing for a pariod of six minutes. Tha
six-Inch quick-firers fire for two minutes
over a range varying from 1400 to 160")
yards at a target of 300 square feet, thj
ships moving at twelve knots' speed. Un
der the first named conditions the cruiser
Terrible fired her two 3.2-inch guns twen
ty-two rounds and scored fourteen hits, a
percentage of 64.
• • •
The commanding officers of the Japa
nese torpedo boat destroyers Nlji ani
Akebone have been court-martialed for
the loss of the former vessel and collision
of the latter. Commander Arakawa Chi;
go of the Nlji was sentenced to thre«
months' minor impr'.aonment, and Com
mander Tsukumi Masav of the Akebnn?
received a sentence of fifteen days' minor
Imprisonment. The Nlji was a new boat,
Just out from Fngland. and became a to
tal wreck July 30 of last year by running?
on a sunken rock, and the Akebone coi
lided with the cruiser Chihaya Juna 13
last. All hands were saved on the Nlji,
but the Akebore had three men killed and
one severely injured.
• • •
The discovery of wirHes telegraphy Is
claimed by Russia and to have been mad*
practical use of by Jacob!, a Russian, as
far back as 1542. It was used, so it '3
claimed, by the ships of Oranienbaum
and. further, that for twelve months
Nicholas I used it at the Winter Palace.
It seems strange that this lnventto-i
should have been loot so many years, but
to make up for lost time it is now being
introduce! in mest of the ships and at a;l
naval stations.
It is rumored that Russia intends to
purchase all the warships of China that
are of any value. These Include two cruis
ers of 4300 tons and twenty-four knots'
speed, built in 1897-98 at Elswick. and
three cruisers of 2950 tons and 20.7 knots,
built In Germany four years ago.
music first appeared In the Genttemans
Magazine in 1745. Anthony Young, an or
gantst of London, is also credited with
having written the music. Burrey. in the
history of music, says that it was orig
inally written for the chapet of James 11,
1685-1701, and ran "God save Great James,
our King." It is also claimed that "God
Save the King " is of great antiquity and
of French origin, having been used for
centuries as a vintage hymn in the south
of France.
ESTATE— L. H. S. H.. Tulare. Cal. If
a husband dies intestate In California and
leaves a widow and only one child, th*
property goes to widow and child, snar*
and share alike. A husband, if of sound
and disposing mind, may dispose of prop
erty as he desires. The donor of propert ¦
by testamentary disposition has an a'
most unlimited scope within which to ex
ercise his Judgment or to gratify his ca
price and intention In the matter.
CAUSES FOR DiyORCE-W. T A
City. In the State of Pennsylvania the
grounds for divorce are physical inca
pacity, desertion for a period of two
years. Imprisonment for felony, cruel
ty, traud and fraudulent contract
violation of the marriage vow and
"where wife by cruel and bar
tarous treatment renders condition
of husband intolerable." In New Jer
sey the grounds are: Violation of the
marriage vow; physical Incapacity: wiii
ful desertion, two years; cruelty Divorc*
may be obtained in California after will
ful desertion for one year. Collusion and
connivance bar a divorce. For instance
,}? California, a husband should agree
with his wife to desert her for one year
»o there might be a divorce, such agr««
ment would be a bar to a divorce.AMUSEKifiMTS.
grand Opera House
SPECIAL ANNOUNCEMENT!
Mr. Grau sincerely regret/ to announce that
Madame Calve has not sufficiently recovered
irom her recent Indisposition to be able to sing
here on Tuesday eveninr a? announced. The
lirst performance of "Carmen" is therefore
|.ostpone<s until Friday evenlne, and in its :
i'laee "Ues Hueuenou" will be given on Tues-
uay eveninc.
Parties having purchased Beats for "Carmen"
cr "Tiie Husruenots" and desirous of having
their raoney refunded or tickets exchanged can
do co by applying at th« Box Office.
3 WEEKS' SEASON OF GRAND OPERA
By the Entire Company From the
METROPOLITAN OPERA-HOUSE New York.
Under the Direction of MR. MAC KICK GRAU'.
TO-NIGHT at 7:45. LOHENGRIN.
Earaes, Schumann-Heink: Van Dyck. Bis-
rham. E.J de :-zke. Conductor. Damrosch
Tues tvg Nov. 12, at 8, THE HUGUENOTS.
cadski Homer and Suxanne Adams; De
Marehi. -net, Scotti. Ed de Reszke. Con-
cuotor,. Jion. M
AVed Ev'g. Nov. 13. at S. LA TRAVIATA.
i?ernbr;oh: Oampanari and Sallenac. Conduc-
Thure. Eve, Nov. U. at 8. TANNHAUSER.
Lames^ Reuss-Belce, Bridewell; Van Dye*
i>lcs«, Cifiiham. Conductor. Damroseh ' .
Fri. Ev'g, Nov. 15, at S. CARMEN.
V Calve. SMJKitine Adam*: Saltxi Seoul.
onducto-. Flon.
H Sat. Aft., Nov. 16, at 8. FAt'ST
Sembric-h,. Homer; Dispel, Camuanari. Ed
c Reszke. Conductor, Seppitll
c V ' C> Nov - 1€ - at 8 - If ANON.
t-ybil Sanderson: Declery, Journet, Salignac.
C onducto?, r lon.
Seats low on sale at Box Office of the Gramd
t-j-era House. Prices— *2. $3, %i. jr. and *7.
SPECIAL ANNOUNCEMENT
Sunday evening. Nov 17. at 8. First Grand
O;«ra Performance at popular prices LA DO-
HICME. Anne Adams. Fritzi Scheff; De
Marchi. Journet, Camoanari. Conductor. Bey
Tse sale of seats for this performance will
hecta TO-MORROW MORNING, at the Box
( ; :^<; ( the Grand Opera House. Prices. $1,
The reoertolre for the e?cond week mill be
announced to-morrow •.norninp and the sale of
* -ats will •pin at the Box Office of the Grand
c>;.era House on WEDNESDAY. November It.
t;l » a. re. WEBER PIANOS USED.
WONDERFUL ATTRACTIONS !
The Girl With the Auburn Hair. Fra-
ser Troupe, Fred Niblo, Joseph
A del man, The Onllaw Trio, Bur-
. ton's Acrobatic Comedy Dog*, Th-
T I/ockos, Lillian Burkh&rt and Com-
pany, and the Biograph.
Reserved Seats. Isc: Balcony, 10c; Box Seats
and Opera Chairs. 50c.
*TTyiJLI*
"A HIT! a PALPABLE HIT!"
to-night: TO-NIGHT! at i SHARP!
POLLARD'S AUSTRALIAN
JUVENILE OPERA CO.
The Belle of New York
Watch for "A GAIETY GIRL."
To be r resented as soon as costumes and
scenery are ready
Matinees Saturday and Sunday at ! sharp!
Popular Prices 2sc. BBc and 75c.
Telephone I!u?h S.
vULUInDIA f&kqsco's
U la %£ l€t 01 £4 HADiIS TfcTATEf
y'LAST SIX MATINEE SATURDAY.
foS,VLf o$,VL LEMOYNE
In Charles Henry Meltzer's Historical Play,
"THE FIRST
DUCHESS OF JURLBOROUCH."
Beginning NEXT SUNDAY.
WILUAM COLLIER \
In Augustus Thomas'
Phenomenally Successful Comedy,
"ON TH« OUIPT."
SEATS READY THURSDAY MORNING.
EVERT EVENING /THIS WEEK.
• . Matinee Saturday Only.
JAMES A. HERXE'S
Famous Comedy Drama and Beautiful Play,
"SHORE ACRES."
Entire New SceneT^and a Fine Acting
Company.
SEATS_READY.
NEXT SUNDAY NIGHT-HAVERLY'S MAS-
TODON MINSTRELS.
CALIFORNIA— EXTRA— EIIingrhouse and Op-
.V^Bheimer be«; to announce the farewell Ei-
¦* lianatory Hf^-ital at- the Piano To-Morrow af-
{ t -moon at 2:15, on WAGNER'S- "Tristan und
Isolde" by Walter Damrosch.
¦ SEATS REALTY.
BE LA SCO tmm THALCS s: c *rter
J^^^b"— "A tmunt ctrv fuu
Beginning TO-NIGHT— All This Week.
MATIXEE SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
Mammoth Spectacular Production of the
Famous Melodrama.
"LIGHTS O'
LONDON."
PJJTfCC Erenlnr 10c. 15c, Be 25c 50c
I Aiwl/J Matinees ..10c, 15c. 25c
m Week— "KING.OF THE OPIUM RING."
H MfKT R a^Ap
Belaeco and Thall Manager*
TO-NIGHT AND A^L WEEK.
Rues Whj-tal's Great Military Play,
Fair Virginia."
Interpreted by the
LATEST AND GREATEST
ALCAZAR STOCK CO.
Seats on sale six days in advance.
PRICES— ISc, 25c. 35c. 50c and 75c.
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
NEXT-"SELF AND LADY."
Thank*«rivin« Week— "WE 'UN'S OF TEN-
NESSEE."
PfQrHlTP*^ CONCERT HOUSE,
Myrtle Selwyn: Florla : Carle and Boyle:
Hkanora Jenkins; Wm. Blake: Swor and
Hathaway; Bushlausb; Sid Baxter; and Hln-
richs' Orchestra. Reserved Seats, 25c. Mati-
nee fiunclay.
PALACE HOTEL.
For a quarter. of a century these
hotels have been the headquarters of
tourists and travelers who have
journeyed frotn all parts of the world
to San Francisco. Guests enter-
Siaed on the American or European
'm. . •. ' .
GRAND HOTEL.
EKBERG'S CRUEL
SLAYER KNOWN
Police Confident They
Will Land Him in
Prison.
Arrest of the Assassin Is
Expected at Any
Moment.
The brutal murderer of Otto Ekberg, the
non-union teamster, who was slain at
Third and Townsend streets Saturday
evening, is known to the police and his
arrest is expected at any moment. Cap
tain of Detectives Seymour and his men,
hilt refusing to reveal the name of the
assassin, declare that he cannot possibly
escape. P.egarding the crime. Captain
Seymour said:
1 am *atlsfif d that we know Ekberg's mur
derer. Who he is 1 refuse to Bay until he is"
t>afe in prison. In my opinion the murder of
Ekberg was one of the loulest in the criminal
annals of San Francisco. Since the'commis
sion of the awful crime I have had my men
Investigating every possible clew which might
lead to the apprehension of the brutal mur
derer. • •; • : -
From our investigations I am satisfied that
we know the man vi ho killed Ekberg. Unless
something unforeseen happens he wilt be behind
prison bars. before many hours. • ¦ •',¦•'
, Ekberg, since the strike, had been work
ing for the Nolan Drayage and Warehouse
; Company. Several days ago he informed
one of his friends that he had noticed' a
man following him. but thinking he was
some crank he paid little attention to him.
Before leaving the barn of his employer
•Saturday evening . Ekberg, who was
known as a game fellow, examined his
revolver, after remarking to one of his
fellow workers that he was taking "no
chances." He had left the barn only a
lew minutes when his murderous assail-
S ant sneaked up behind him and dealt him
the fatal blow.
j The fact that the murderer turned
over the body of his victim and gazed
upon his face with a satisfied smile
convinced the police that vengeance alone
prompted the awful crime.. Ekberg, prior
to accepting; a position with the Nolan
Drayage Company, worked for W. P.
Fuller as a teamster. This was during
the strike. Ekberg lived at 512 Bush
street at the time and on several occa
sions he was attacked by union men, but
always managed to escape unhurt. Short
ly before the strike was settled he and a
companion, while walKing along Grant
avenue, were attacked by a gang of men
and several shots fired at them. Ekberg
and his friend, who was also a non-union
teamster, returned the fire, wounding one
of the attacking party in the leg.
The piece of gas pipe the murderer used
in killing his victim was turned over to
Coroner Leland yesterday. He will hold
an inquest on the body to-day.
SEV. BENJA2HN FAY MILLS
SPEAKS ON FREE RELIGION
Weil-Known Minister Talks Before
a Large Audience at Metropoli
tan Temple.
Rev. Benjamin Fay Mills gave his sec
ond address in this winter's series of free
religfoua lectures last evening at Metro
politan Tempie beiore a very large au
dience.
A. O. Eckman of this city gave an ar
tistic recital on the great organ from 7:30
to 8 o'clock, and Mrs. O. K. McMurray of
Oakland sang two numbers to the enthu
siastic delight of the audience.
Rev. Mr. Mills' subject was '"The Song of
Free Religion." He showed the debt of
music and song to the free religious
spirit, and also how a truly liberal re
ligion contributes to the welfare and
satisfaction of aH who are sufficiently de
veloped to appreciate it.
N<-xl Sunday evening Rev. Mr. Mills
Will speak en "Learning to Love."
Jones Did Not Hang Himself.
Frederick W. Jones, who lives at the
Ferry Exchange. Market and Stuart
strf-c-t*, called at the Morgue yesterday
and assured the deputies that he had not
hanged himself in the park last Friday.
He was very indignant at Harry Ward
for stating that he was the man who had
committed suicide, and declared that he
did not know Ward. Jones used to be
second officer on the Ventura. It Is now
thought that tho body is that of J. D.
Sceed of Fisk Mills. Sonoma County, who
disappeared from there about a week
ago. The initials "J. D. S." were in the
hat worn by the dead man.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Food Experts
ENDORSE
Malt Breakfast Food
BECAUSE FOUNDED ON
SCIENTIFIC IDEAS.
The suggestions of the celebrated Dr.
Fothergill and other noted food experts
' regarding the use of malt in connection
with cereals have been practically and
successfully carried out by the manufac-
turers of Malt Breakfast Food. This food
is a happy combination of pure health
giving malt and the choicest strength
yielding wheat, the whole partially
cooked and predlgested, producing a
breakfast dish of unequaled value for
muscle building: and bone forming. Ex-
perts affirm that Malt Breakfast Food
is the only cereal that contains all ' the
great food elements in just the proportion
needed for perfect nutrition. The manu-
facturers guarantee Malt Breakfast Food
to be the richest in flavor, the most ap-
petizing, the most satisfying, and most
easily digested food in the world. Tour
grocer sells it and recommends it.
! AMUSEMENTS.
CHUTES and ZOO
EVERY AFTERNOON AND EVENING.
The Famous Paloma Ladies' Quar-
tette, Mitchell and Barnard, The
Kramers, Grazier and Trelease, Belle
Williams, The Great Christy, New
Moving Pictures.
HARRY HARMON' HIGH DIVER.
THURSDAY NIGHT
THE AMATEURS
i Telephone for Seats— 23.
*398£Sfe^ RACING
±*^im&Sß*j^* Every Week Day—
itr Rain cr Shine.
NEW CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB
OAKLAND RACETRACK.
Ra?es start at 2:15 p. m. sharp.
Ferry-boate leave San Francisco at 12 m. and
1:30, 1,-1:30, 2, 2:*o and 3 p. m., connecting
with trains stopping at the entrance to the
track. I^aet two cars on train reserved for
ladies and their escorts; no smoking. Buy your
ferry tickets to Shell Mound. . All trains . via
Oakland mole connect with San Pablo avenu<?
electric cars at Seventh and Broadway, Oak-
lend. Also all trains via Alaroeda mole' con-
nect with Ban Pablo ' avenue cars at Four-
teenth and Brce4way. Oakland. These electric
cars so direct to the track In fifteen minute*.
Returning— leave the track at 4:15 and
4:45 p. m. and immediately after the last race.
-THOMAS H. WILLIAMS JR., President,
B. B. MILROY, Secretary. » ,
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, NOVEMBER 11, 1901.
SACRAMENTO'S MAYOR
REWARDS THE CHIEF
Announcement Is Made That John E. Sulli
van Is to Be Reappointed as Head of
the Polxe Department at the Capital
SACRAMENTO. Nov. 10.— Mayor
George H. Clark has announced
his Intention to reappoint John E,
Sullivan in January next as Chief
of Police of Sacramento.
For two years Sullivan has served as
head of the local police department, and
during that time has won the commenda
tion and resoect of the public. Even In
the bitterness of the recent political cam
paign his conduct of the affairs of his
department did not become the subject of
attack, and the opinion is general that
Chief Sullivan has given the city one of
the best police administrations it has ever
had.
During his term the department has
been singularly free from scandal, and the
personal honfr and integrity of the chief ,
have never been questioned. His discip
line of the force under his command has
been excellent and his treatment of those
having dealing? with the department has
been uniformly fair arid courteous.
SOUTH AMERICAN LINE TO EXTEND,
ITS SERVICE TO PUGET SOUND PORTS
The Pacific Steam Navigation Compa
ny's Peru arrived from North and Central
American ports yesterday. She made a
good run, but while docking at Howard
street wharf No. 3 she was caught by the
flood tide and carried down upon the
transport Grant, lying at Folsom street.
The latter vessel lost her jackstaff and
her sign boards, besides a portion of her
"gingerbread work." The whole damage
did not amount to ?25 and was due to no
fault of those aboard the Peru.
The mail boat did not bring up a big
passenger list nor much cargo. Of the
latter there Is only about 200 tons, while
there were only twelve people In the
cabin, three in the 'steerage and fourteen
Chinese in transit for Hongkong. Those
who came up in the cabin were: H. H.
Sawyer, Minerva W Norris, M. A. Nor
rie, Thomas T. Taylor, Ruby Cross,
George Sharpe. Edith Sharpe, George H.
Bartlett, flufus D. Morris, E. H. de Bring
loff and Frank A. Elliott.
George Sharpe is the general manager
of the Pacific Steam Navigation Com
pany, and comes here in connection with
the extension of the company's business.
It Is the Intention as soon as the new
steamships now being built are ready for
service that they will run to Puget Sound
and there make connection with the Can
adian Pacific Railroad. The first of the
fleet, the Victoria, is now nearing com
pletion, and on her maiden voyage will
run from England to the sound via the
Straits of Magellan, Valparaiso (her home
port). Central American ports and San
Francisco. On the return trip this will
be her port of final departure from the
UnHed States.
All details in connection with the new
system will be attended to by Mr. Sharpe
while he is on the coast. He is accom
panied by his daughter.
While the Poru lay in the Panama road
stead there was a sound of cannonading
from the shore. Later investigation an<l
the reports of the passengers who came
over the isthmus showed that it was only
a skirmish lasting about an hour. Much
powder was wasted, but nobody was
hurt.
NO MORE STORM SIGNALS.
Mariners Will Watch Mills Building
in Vain This Winter.
Throughout the winter no storm signals
will be shown on the Mills building, nor
from the chief wharfinger's office. The
Weather Bureau says that according to
the regulations no flags will be flown be
cause the prognostications are published
every morning in the dally papers. The
shipmasters reason, however, that, par
ticularly in San - rancisco, an hour may
cause a change of barometer, and also
a change of wind, and a southeaster or
norther may easily come up unannounced
in the papers. The first thing in the morn
ing the mariner looks to the flag poles on
the Mills building or the chief wharfing
er's office, and when he sees no signal
there he is satisfied there is no danger.
In the meantime, however, a gale may be
brewing, and at the last moment he has
to hurry up and make his ship safe.
Throughout the coming winter the Gov
ernment should most assuredly make pro
vision to fly the flagp showing the, fore
cast for fair or foul weather.
•*> — .
Found the Captain's Gig.
During Sunday morning's southeaster
the gig of the French bark Edouard De
taille broke adrift and later was picked
up by Captain Harry Johnson of the
launch Augusta. He took the gig back
to the vessel, but, owing to his not know-
NEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
SOFTNESS OF SEALSKIN
Is Rivaled by Human Hair Where
Dandruff Is Eradicated.
Sealskin Is admired the world over for
its softness and glossiness; and yet thfi
human hair is equally as soft and glossy
when healthy, and the radical cause of
all hair trouble is dandruff, which Is
caused by a pestiferous parasite that saps
the vitality of the hair at its root. New-
bro's Herpiclde is the only preparation
that te fatal tqpthe dandrufT germ. With-
out dandruff no failing hair, but a luxu-
riant growth of glossy, soft hair is cer-
tain. Scouring the scalp won't cure dan-
druff. Kill the dandruff germ. Thousands
of women owe their beautiful suits of
hair to Newbro'e Herplcide.
SACRAMENTO CHIEF OF PO
LICE WHO IS TO BE REAP
POINTED.
Ing anything of the French language,
failed to understand Captain Lucas" ex
pressions of thanks.
Bay Pirates at Work.
A gang of young thieves that has In
fested the water front for months stole
six boxes of tobacco from the Ore
gon dock Sunday night. Night Watch
man Fitzgerald caught them loading the
goeds into a wagon, and when the men
ran he gave chase. They escaped, but
Fitzgerald secured the plunder and yes
terday turned it over to the police.
The yawl belonging to the schooner
Henry was also stolen last Sunday night,
and the matter has been reported to the
police.
Water Front Notes.
. Woodside & Co. and McAllister & Co.
have Joined issues.' and In future the firm
will be known as McAllister, Woodslde &
Co. Both are well-known stevedores, and
between them will handle the steamers of
the Panama and South American Hne3,
besides many of the English fleet that
comes here.
The American ship Marlon Chilcott ar
rived from Hllo yesterday. She' was
twenty-four days coming up and had an
uneventful voyage.
The whaling bark John and Winthrop
arrived from the Okhotsk Sea yesterday
after a long run of sixty-five days. She
only took one whale while on the Japan
coast, and only half of it was tried in
before a gale came up and it had to be
cast adrift. Giving up the Okhotsk In de
spair, the bark was headed for the south
ern seas, but fared no better there so
she came down with only 325 barrels of
oil.
The Santa Rosa sailed for southern
ports yesterday with more than 200 pas
sengers. ; , ¦ .
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
„ . Sunday, November 10. .
Br stmr Peru, Newton, 38 days from Valpa
raiso and way ports. «--. .
Br stmr Victoria, Casey, 100 hours from
Ladysmlth. • •
Stmr Whitesboro, Olsen, 18 hours from Point
Arena.
Stmr W. H. Kramer, Krog, 87 hours from
San Pedro.
Stmr Brunswick, Andresen, 23 hours from
Eureka.
Stmr Santa • Barbara, Zaddart, 24 hours from
Eureka. , • <
Stmr Queen, Lloyd, 64 hours from Seattle
Stmr ¦ State of ! California, Thomas, 48 hours
from San Diego and way ports. 7 - .
Stmr National City, Dettmers, 15 hours from
Fort Bragg. -,- •
Ship Marion Chilcott, . Nelson, 24 days from
Ililo. ¦ ..
Whal bark John and Wtnthrop, Macomber
85 days from Yokohama.
Schr Roy Somers, Sol land, 8 days from Grays
Harbor. • ¦ . ¦ ¦•• .¦. ¦ -.
Schr • John A, Nielsen, 8 days from Grays
Harbor. . ¦ . ;
Schr Ida McKay, Lehtole, 32 hours from Eu
reka. ¦ .¦ . - ¦ ¦ • . .
Schr Chas. R Wilson, Johnson, 8 days from
Grays Harbor. . • ¦ . . .• . --....¦
Schr ' Fortuna, Olson, 30 hours " from I Eureka.
Schr Mary C, Campbell, 8 hours from Bo
dega. ¦
BAILED. V
Sunday, November 10.
Stmr W. H. Kruger, Krosr, for- — ;"¦¦>• ,
Stmr Santa Rosa. Alexander, for San Diego
. Stmr Eureka, .lessen, for Eureka.
Auß stmr Maria, HreKllch, for Nanatmo.
Nor stmr Horda, Svendsen, for Manila, via.
Seattle and Portland. . - "V
Ship ; Astral, " Dunham, for New York.
Schr Bertie Minor, Ravens, for Eureka.
Schr ' Sailor Boy. - Nellsen, for Grays Harbor,
Schr Jennie Griffin, Campbell, for Point
Reyes. . . ¦ .•• r- ¦ : .- - - • . : j
, TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS. " Nov 10, 10 p m— Weather
cloudy; wind northwest, -velocity 32 miles an
hour. ¦ .-.:•¦
DOMESTIC PORTS. .7.' . y
- EUREKA— Nov 10— Schr Ariel, for
Sydney. • ¦ • >• •• —•• ¦ -,;.
NEAH BAT— Passed out Nor 10— Rus bark
Fahwohl, - from ¦ Tacoma. ¦ for Queenstown. r •¦ -
Passed In Nov 10— Stmr . Mlneola w from Port
Los . Angeles, for • Nanalmo. ' - . ¦ ¦
¦: SEATTLE— Nov 10— Stmrs John 8
Klmball and Robert Dollar, hence Nov «.
Sailed Nov Stmr Walla Walla, for San
Francisco; etmr Farallor, for Skasrway.
PORT LUDLOW— Sailed Nov nark Snow
and" Burgess, ' for Algoa Bay. ¦ .
SAN DlEGO— Arrived Nov 9— Br bark 1 For
mosa, from Antwerp. ¦¦
SAN DlEGO— Sailed Nov 10— Stmr St Denis,
for Ensenada. ' ¦ ?
PORT ' LOS ANGELES— SaiIed Nov 10— Schr
Al vena, for Port Townsend. •¦• •
ASTORIA— Nov 10— ship Travan
core, from Penco; Fr bark Grand Duchesse
Olga, from St Naraire; bktn Arago, from San
Francisco. •;" :*_¦; ¦ . : . ¦ ¦¦
¦ Sailed Nov 10— Bktn Tarn O'Shanter, for. San
Francisco. - - - .'¦•.•
TACOMA— Arrived .-: Nov . 10— Stmr Victoria,
from' China and Japan. '¦, ¦
¦ PORTLAND— Nov 10— Br stmr Lane
bank, : from - Mojl: Fr bark Helen, from Bt
Nasalre; Fr bark Lamorlciere. from Hull.
- PORT BLAKELEY-Arrived Nov 10-Shlp
FOOTPAD GANG
INFESTS THE CITY
Hold-Ups Are Reported
From Various Sec
tions of Town.
Police Ofi|cers Striving to
Catch '$he Bold High
waymen.
The Police ijepartment is using every
effort to roundj up the gang of footpads
at present investing the city, and or
ders have been issued *>y the heads of
departments that the highwaymen must
caught.
The approach of winter has driven a
number of. desperate characters Into the
city, and for tne past month many hold
ups have been reported to the police. I
Five of the th Qgs were caught a week ago
and are now awaiting trial, and Captain ,
of Detectives Seymour hopes to be abte :
to increase th# number by further arrests. |
Early yesterday morning footpads were j
reported operating in various parts of the ;
city. Eugene C. Strachaur, an employe |
of the Penntagton Steel Works, reported
to Police Qilicer Cullinane that he I
had been held up at 4 a. m. on Eddy
street, between Jones and Leavenworth. .
Be was robbed of a gold watch and some \
trinkets. Strachaur described the robbers j
as a "tall ai#d a short man." The tail
man was about 5 feet 7 Inches in height,
had dark hale and moustache and was
dressed In a dark cutaway suit, black
Fedora hat and negligee shirt. The sec
ond man could not be described.
No- trace h£.s been found of the robbers
who at 1 a. m. yesterday attacked H.
Roman and his son in front of their
home, 1180 CFarrell street. It was lucky
for the Romans that the robbers' pistols
failed to go off.
W. R. laddie, who was held up by two
robbers on Hayes street, near the Me
chanics' Pavilion, at 2:30 o'clock .yester
day m»rnin:j, and who was subsequently
sent to the Emergency Hospital by po
licemen who ran to his assistance, is out
again, not having been badly hurt.
On the water front hold-ups have been
frequent.
James Giillece, a, saloon-keeper of 31
Ninth street, claims that he was assault
ed and robbed at 3 a. m. last Friday. Gil
lece says that he was on his way home
when he was suddenly struck a heavy
blow across the face and rendered un
conscious. He claims that the robbers
secured a bag containing $306 in gold
and $6 in ailver from his pockets. Gil
lece stated yesterday that he could not
remember any of the particulars of the
assault and) robbery, and that he man
aged to find his way to his room, J6
Eleventh street. Gillece was badly
beaten on the face. The police doubt the
story of ttoe robbery, as Gillece admits
that his watch and^hain, gold pin and
some loose coin were not taken.
The Monarch, 915 Market Street.
$50,000 worth of men's clothing, furnish- j
Ing goods and hats will be sold, beginning i
Thursday, at marvelous prices. Men's
suits for |3 85; men's woolen underwear,
worth 75c, for 25c; men's hats for 75c.
Mind you, this is a sale and no nonsense.
All the Btock will be sold at the Monarch,
915 Market street, oposite Mason. •
Columbia, from Ballard; bktn Planter, from
Port Town Bend.
FOREIGN PORTS.
HANK.OTV— Arrived Nov 6— Br stmr Oceano.
from Portland, Or.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
LJVERFOOL—ArrIved Nov 10— Stmr Cam
pania, frotn New York, via Queenstown; stmr
Cevic, frrm New York.
ST JOHJJS, N F— Arrived Nov 10— stmr Gre
cian, froifl Liverpool, for Halifax.
QL'EEXBTOWN- Sailed Nov 10— Stmr Etru
ria. from Liverpool, for New York.
SOUTHAMPTON— SaiIed Nov 10— Stmr Enl
gen Luisei from Bremen, for New Tork.
PHILADELPHIA— Arrived Nov 10— Stmr
Rhynlaml, from Liverpool, via Queenatown: i
stmr Ccrqan, from Olasgow and Liverpool.
Steamer Movements.
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer. From. ¦ Due.
South Portland Seattle Nov. 11
Columbia Portland & Astoria Nov. 11
Tltanla Nanalmo Nov. 11
Pomona Humboldt Nov. 11
laqua San Diego Nov. 11
Rival Willapa Harbor Nov. 11
Czarina.. Seattle & Tacoma . Nov. 12
Crescent City.. Crescent City Nov. 12
Pleiades Seattle Nov. 12
Grace Dollar.. Grays Harbor Nov. 12
Washtonaw... Tacoma Nov. 12
Eureka. Humboldt Nov. 13
Kdltti... Seattle Nov. 13
Arcata.. Coos Bay Nov. 13
Kmptre. Coos Bay Nov. 13
Alliance Portland & Coos Bay.. Nov. 13
Walla NValla. . Puget Sound Ports Nov. 13
Asuncion Tacoma Nov. 14
Santa 10h,,.i San Dlpgo & Way Pts. Nov. 14
Point Arena... Point Arena Nov. 14
Corona San Pedrp & Way Pts. Nov. 14
San Bias Panama & Way Ports. Nov. 15
Ramsej Seattle Nov. 15
China., China and Japan Nov 16
G. W. JElder... Portland & Astoria Nov. 16
J. S. Klmball.. Seattle & Tacoma Nov 26
North Fork.... Humboldt Nov 13
UmatUla Puget Sound Ports Nov. 18
Palenaj Valparaiso & Way Pts Nov 19
Alame-ia Honolulu Nov. 10
TO SAIL.
Steadier. Destination. Palls. Pier.
I" November 11.
Mandalay — Coquille River Pier —
laqua ;....... Humboldt 4 pm Pier —
NewbUrg Grays Harbor spm Pier 2
¦' ' • • November 12.
North Fork.. Humboldt ..:.*. 9am Pier 2
City Pliebla. Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 9
November 13.
Pomona Humboldt ;... 1:30 p Pier 9
Santa Ana... Seattle & Tacoma.. 10 am Pier 3
State Of Cal.. San Diego & "Way. 9 am Pier 11
Rival Wlllapa . Harbor 5 pm Pier 2
, •' . November 14.
Arcatu Coos Bay 12 m Pier 13
Sta. E&rbara Humboldt .......... 10 am Pier 2
Peru.);. Valparaiso & Way. 12 m Pier 10
Columbia Portland & Astoria 11 am Pier 4
Ventura Sydney & Way Pts. 10 am Pier 7
' I _ . November 18.
Czarlija Seattle & Tacoma. 5 pm Pier 8
Alliance Portland & Coos B. 9 am Pier 3
Gr. D011ar.... Grays Harbor 5 pm Pier 2
I- , November 16. ¦ > .
Corona. ....... Newport & Way ... 9 am Pier 11
Point Arena.. Point Arena 2 pm Pier 2
H'ng>gMaru China and Japan... 1 pm PMSS
I - November 17.' .
"WalU Walla. Puget Sound Ports 11 am Pier 9
i November 18.
Newport Panama & Way... 12/ m PMSS
¦ I November 19. I ¦ ¦
G.W. Elder... Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
• -I ¦• November 20.
Ramses....... Hamburg & Way Pier 27
FROM SEATTLE.
iheamer. From. Due.
Cltjf of Topeka Skaguay & Way Ports. Nov. 11
Cltjr of Seattle Bkaguay & Way Ports. Nov. 11
Chas. Nelson.. Skaguay & Way Ports. jNov. 15
Sun, Moon and lide.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
JYancisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE — The high and low waters occur at
the: city front (Mlsslon-stre«t wharf) about
twfnty-flve minutes later than at Fort Point;
the 'height of tide Is the same at both places.
MONDAY, NOVEMBER 11.
Sun rises 8:47
Built sets 5:01
Moon sets 0:00 p. m.
Time Timei Tlmel Time
Da. te _ Ft. Ft. -y — Ft. Ft.
HW L.W HW LW
U .. 0:06 4.6 4:36 2.6 10:53 5.8 6:40—0.1
12.. 0:50 4.4 5:08 2.9 11:20 5.7 6:16-0.2
13 .. I:SS 4.4 5:41 3.2 11:46 5.5 6:50-0.2
14 .. 2:18 4.4 «:18 3.2 12:20 5.4 7:30—0.1
15... 3:02 4.5 7:07 3.2 12:56 5.2 8:10 0.0
16 .. 3:46 4.6 8:05 3.2 1:41 4.9 8:55 0.2
17 .. 4:27 4.7 9:15 3.2 2:45 4.7 9:45| 0.5
KOTE- In the .above exposition of the tides
tht early morning tides are given tn th« left
hand column and the successive tide? of the
day In the order of occurrence as to time; the
fourth time column gives the last tide of the
day, except when there are but three tides, as
sometimes occurs. The heights grlven are Jn
arnlition to the soundings of the United States
<:.Kißt Survey charts, except when a minus (— )
sign precedes the height, and then the number
given la subtracted from the depth given by the
charts. The plane of reference Is the mean of
trie lower low waters.
Hoauoke Bye, Honey . and Horehouni.
GJtt it. You'll not regret it, . . •-__;« ; .
ADVBSTISEMENTS, .
TELEPHONE : lftlj
UEBgfficS
22-284 SUITER ST.
OUB COUNTRY CUSTOMERS
should remember , that we prepay
freight within ioo miles. Ask for il- I
lustrated catalogue if you don't re-
ceive it.
I SPECIAL REDUCTIONS.
MONDAf^TUESDAY— WEDNESDAY.
BITTER, 2 squares 85c
. Pine creamery, resr. We square,
first-class, guaranteed.
Royal Self Basting
Roasters and Bakers. -j
& The best, most economical and hand-
somest covered pan ever invented.
Your turkey once prepared for tho
oven requires no further care. Di-
rections with each roaster. ' :: _ ¦:''/
10x14. to roast 8-lb. turkey, rejr.
$125 *1.15
1x16. to roast 10-lb. turkey, reg. - *
$1 50 81.30 I
12x17, to roast 12-lb. turkey, reg. '
' : $1 75 {o roast" 16-ibV turkey! ten. 'jo ;
12x19, to roast 16-lb. turkey, ree.
- *200 .........,......:.. »i.75
IMPROVED PUDDING MOULDS
To make your own plum pudding
with
1-qt. pudding: mould, tubed, ree.» .
- 40c 30c
2-qt. pudding mould, tubed, reg.
50c , 35 C
3-qt. pudding mould, tubed, reg.
60c .........7 45 C
1-qt. pudding mould, plain, reg.
35c „ 25 C
2-qt. pudding mould, plain, reg-.
45c T 30c
3-qt. pudding mould, plain, reg.
50c 7 40c
. Complete assortment of fancy pud-
ding, jelly and cake moulds, of every
description.
TEA, ten different kinds, Ib. 40c
All our high-grade 50c teas,
SAND SOAP, .r^SW 8 cks. 25c
Limit, 50c worth. . - - .- ,
NEW FIGS, BPSV 3 lbs. 25c
Adriatic, white.
SWEET APPLE CIDEI,
"De Long's,"
GINGER, a *^.S3? Bb * tin 25c
Assists th© digestion.
PICKLES, %S; l^" Pofta4 f»l- 5*
CRANBERRIES, R^fit 2 qts. 25c
RAISINS, 6 izr' R C 5 r c.b Be lb ,
Last year's, but in A-l condition,
LENTILS,, R^r.., & lbs. 25c
COGNAC, Re;. $1.75. bot. $1.35
Three star: bottled in France.
Tricoche. Bonniot & Co.
WHISKY, BOURBON.
W. H. Mcßrayer, 1886, reg. bot.
I 50 „... #1.15
¦ \V. H. Mcßrayer, 1886, reg. gal.
$6 00 84,50
Old Crow, 1886. reg. $1 50 b0t.. #1.1 5
Old Crow. 1886, reg. $6 00 gal. .$4.50
RYE, He TT 8 89 g9 $1.25 bot., $4.51 gaL
Reg. $1 50 bot. and $6 00 gal.
WOOD ALCOHOL, $,R, R 2 e f: gal. 95c
n For burning only.
PFRFUMES, 58C83 51c each
All odors in fancy boxes.
We also carry full lines of Roger
& Gallet, Houbigant; .La Grande,
Pinaud's, Piver and Violets. '.
CIGARS, MEXICAN. iSffISSS^
Quality is an ¦ agreeable surprise
to many smokers. ' -
Bunch of 25, reg. $1 25....'... ..91.00
Box of 100, reg. $4 60... 84,00
_^_^^^___^_^^^^^__^^_^^^^^__ i
————— ———^—^— — i
Hi California
Limited
, Leaves San Francisco daily
9:00 a. m.
•
New equipment, courteous
treatment, superb dining ser-
vice, perfect in every detail,
makes it the finest transcon-
tinental train.
75 hours to . Chicago, and no
>. limit to the good things for
; your comfort.
. Office— 64l Market street and
;at Perry. * -
The Santa fe.
DR. MEYERS & CO.
fiSf *1\ SPECIALISTS FOR MEN.
/•wWiJm Established' lSSL Con-
§Dß. MEYERS & CO.
SPECIALISTS FOR MEN.
Established 1881. Con-
sultation and private book
I vfek*^**! -*\ free at office or by mall.
\ KMJJiy / Cures guaranteed.
\&&jb/ 731 MARKET ST.
NLjfe^ . SAN FRANCISCO. CAb
lERCES
%*ir FAVORITE
SCRIPTION
[ML for weak women. 1
.> mr * Bit Oli • 808-po!«m«<»
jfjjf&iaKßKßtZzM remedy for Gonorrhoea.
Gleet, Spermatorrhoea,
Mmy CURES Whites, unnatural dif-
j^Hvlb ltal d«yi.^| charge*, or any infl»mm»-
JNRf GututMd t» * tion, irritation or tilcera-
M^M »_„., auuin. tioa of niicoai mem-
(llTHEEvANaC^xjLCa 'SST.JSSSS 1 -
VgLca<CiNNATi.o.|H or s«nt in plsla wrapper.
U. 8. a. *gm by ' ezpreti. prepaid, for
A > «fegh. __ ~_j^% 11.00, or 3 bottle*. 13.75.
X^WMrtPI Circular lent oa request.
The Weekly Call.
ONE DOLLAR PER YEAR
'BB * SSI ID Sv» wr£ r -
KADWAY'S BEADY BELIEF lias stood
unrivaled before the public for (0 years as a.
Pain Remedy. It Instantly relieves and quickly
cures all Colds, Sore Throats. Influerua, Bron-
chitis, Pneumonia, " Rheumatism, . Neuralgia.
Headache. Toothache and all pain.* Internally
for Malaria «nd all Bowel Pali* All druymu*
APVEBTIOTMEKT^
EXTRAORDINARY
AUCTION
......
SALE
.. 0f...
REAL ESTATE
THIS DAY.
! The following choice and select list o*
Improved and unimproved properties will . .
be Mid (or the heirs of tHe late William
A. Piper, at our salesroom, Monday. No-
vember llth, 1201, at 1$ o'clock coon.
Subject to confirmation by the Superior
Court. Quatave 11. Umbscn, Sole Referee.
212 WASHINGTON STREET.
B< een Front and Davis streets. Im-
provements 'consist of tram building,
Rest $60 per month. Lot 22x1%} to Oregon
street.
712-714-716 KEARNY STREET,
Southeast corner of Merchant street,
Improvements consist of a substantial
i three-story and basement brick building,
; containing two stores and lodgtas-bous%
Rents $300 per month. Lot 10x53:3.
624 MARKET STREET.
Between Montgomery and Keamy. Im-
provements consist of a two-story and . •
basement brick building. Rent 1375 per ¦ •
month. Lot 20xSO.
1450-1452-1454-1456 AND 1458
FRANKLIN STREET.
Southeast corner of Bush. This choice
investment consists of two corner* wita
I five elegant two-story and basement
' houses of 14 rooms and bath each. Rent* .
; $315 per month. Lot 1203114:8. -%;'-'; • •
ALSO
Two desirable building lots 23xr» each.
Fronting on Bush street ami Fern avenue.
237-239-241-243 AND 245
THIRD STREET.
Northeast corner, of Clementina street.
between Howard and Fclsom streets. Im- ,
provements consist of f rams building, con-
taining six stores. Rents $121 per month. .
Lot £oxlo6.
1451-1453-1455. 1457 AND 1459
FRANKLIN STREET, r;
Southwest corner of Bush street. Choice
investment, consisting of two corners,
j with five elegant two-story and basement .
residences of 14 rooms and bath. each.
; Rents $350 per month. Lot 120x141:9.
1212 TO 1226 POLK STREET.
i Southeast corner of Bush street. This
choice business property consists of two
I corners and is close to the transfer poinc
lof Butter and Polk streets. Improve-
i ments consist of 8 stores and 3 flats with
frame building, No. 1323 Bush street.
Rents $331 per month. Lot 120x100. T*jre«
frontages. , ;:',"%.i; :', "%.i
219 FRONT STREET. r
Between California and , Sacrament*
streets. Improvements consist of a two-
story and basement brick building. Bents
$140 per month. Lot 25x57:l
25 AND 227 THIRD STREET,
Southeast corner of Tehama street.
Choice business corner. Consists of frame
Improvements, containing store and flat
above. Rent ISO per month. Lot 30x30. j
NORTHEAST CORNER SUITER
AND GOUGH STREETS.
This choice corner would pay hand-
somely if properly Improved. Lot 70x1201
Three frontages.
M'ALLISTER STREET.
Near Junction ,of Market ' and Jones'
streets. This choice business property
could be made to yield handsomely If
properly improved. Lot 123x57:& irreg- ' .
ular. _ . . i '
¦ CITY HALL AVENUE,
| Between Leaven-worth and City Hall
, Sauare. . . Two choice building lots. 25x100
each.
BUSH STREET.SOUTH SIDE.
TWEEN LARKIN AND POLK.
Eight desirable and choice building lota,
25x120 each. Two frontages. To be offer- '
ed separately. ' ¦? : <?\-\ : ?~,i:
SOUTHWEST ' CORNER BUSH
AND LARKIN STREETS.
Four desirable building lots, consisting of
two corners, 27:6x30 and 35x112 :« each.
GIFT MAP NO. 3.
Elsie street, west line, between Esmeralda
and Virginia streets. Lots 364-366-367 and
368.; 25x70 each. • r , >
POTRERO.
Portion of Block 520. Lot 200x209. Three
frontages.
• Portion of Block 513. Lot 100x130. Two
frontages. '
Portion of Block 513. Lot 100x400. Thre*
frontages. -
Portion of Block 514. Lot IOOxfOO. Three .
frontages. .
Portion of Block 441. Lot 100x400. Three
frontages. •
¦i. Portion of Block 466. Lot 100x4DO. Three
frontages.
of Block 492. Lot 100x300. Two
frontages. .
Portion of Block 473. Lot 100x300. Two
frontages.
Portion of Block 512. Lot 100*500. Two
frontages.
: For catalogue and further particular*,
>»ppry to . '
G. H. UMBSEN & CO..
14 Montgomery St,
56
BOXERS' TRAINING DAYS WILL SOON END'
JEFFRIES AND RUHLIN ARE EAGER
FOR THE MEETING ON FRIDAY NIGHT
CHAMPION JEFFRIES IN THE ACT OF TOSSING THE TWENTY-POUND MEDICINE BALL. THIS IS A FORM
OF EXERCISE THE BIG BuXER IS PARTIAL TO, AS HE BELIEVES IT STRENGTHENS THE MUSCLES OF
HIS BACK AND ARMS.
QEORGE SILER, the famous ref
eree and authority on things pu
gilletic, visited Ruhlln's training
quarters at the Six-Mile House
yesterday. Mr. Siler arrived
from Chicago Saturday nigrht and he de
cided to spend his first day on the coast
with Ruhlin and Billy Madden, with
whom he is friendly. As soon as Siler
had greeted Ruhlin and his manager, he
expressed surprise at Ruhlin'g condition.
"You look better than you ever did in
your life." said Siler. as he eyed Gus crit
ically. Ruhlin admitted feeling tne part,
arid said he was sorry his friend had not
dropped in on one of his working days,
when he could get a better idea of his
fitness to engage in a battle with the
champion of the world.
Mr. Siler was honestly impressed with
Ruhlins physical improvement. He has
seen the Akron giant in nearly all his big
fights, and he told Billy Madden that
Ruhlin looked bigger, healthier and live
lier than ever before. While Siler would
not express an opinion as to whether he
thought Ruhlin would win or lose, it could
l>e gleaned from the general tenor of his
conversation that he thought Ruhlin "had
a chance with the husky boiler-maker
Siler believes that Ruhlin Is big and
strong enough to make things interesting
Dv Pont Powder.
Black Sporting,
Mining and
Smokeless.
Ask your dealer for
Qliqllo Loaded Dv Pont
OlieilO With Smokeless
C. A. HAIGHT, Agent,
26 Market St., S. F.
for Jeff, and while he would not pick
Ruhlin to win, he believes the possibility
of a surprise is good.
Mr. Siler has not visited Jeffries' quar
ters yet and knows practically nothing
of the champion's condition. "Ruhlin is
certainly in great shape for the contest,"
he said. "He looks bigger and stronger
by long odds than when he fought Shar
key. He appears to me to be in the best
"BOOTS" DURNELL
IS DISQUALIFIED
Horseman Well Known
Here Is in Trouble
in France.
PARIS. Nov. 10.— C. T. ("Boots") Dur
nell, the American jockey and trainer,
has been disqualified for life by the
Jockey Club on the ground that he delib
erately remained at the post at St. Cloud
October 28, when he rode Londres in the
Prix de Marly Reroi.
Durnell protests that his remaining at
the post was due to a misunderstanding.
He says he has ridden for years in .th?
United States and has never been sum
moned before the stewards. Thomas H.
Williams Jr., president of the California
Jockey Club, stood sponsor for him when
he applied for the French license five
months ago. Durnell denies that he had
.any relations with the bookmakers.
"Boots" Durnell is known to all Califor
nia horsemen, having spent the greater
part of his life in and about this city. He
was a protege of Galen Brown and se
cured his start training Brown's horsea
Two years ago he created a sensation by
patching up some broken-down thorough-
THE SAJs T FRANCISCO, CALL, MONDAY, NOVEMBER 11, 1901.
possible shape for the contest and should
make a hard fight to win. Madden tells
me that Gus has improved wonderfully
in his hitting. He always had a (fairly
good punch and if he has improved in his
hitting powers he will certainly make a
dangerpus opponent."
Ruhlin took his usual day off. Gust does
not believe in training on tne Satrbath.
He was up with the birds yesterday and
after eating a hearty breakfast he w ilked
over to South San Francisco, when- he
attended church. Upon returning Ruhlin
spent the remainder of the uay ori u.e
veranda of the training quarters, chat
ting with many friends who journSeyed
down to the Six-Mile House despite the
threatening weather.
Jeffries rested yesterday. Accompanied
by some friends, he crossed the bay and
attended the performance at the Orpheum
in the afternoon. He will put in a Dusy
day to-day in the Reliance Club gyi'ana
sium and on the roads about Oakland.
breds and winning consistently -R-ith
them.
He owned Dr. Sheppard and Credo, th^
greatest steeplechase horse ever raced
here. Credo was afterward purchased by
Tod Sloan, who won some races with hitn
and then took him East.
Durnell made several essays at rising
his own horses, but proved a dismal j'ai'.
ure at that branch of the game. His last
app?arance in the role of jockey waa ir
one of the big handicaps at Oakland 'ia^t
year. He had donned the colors to fide
Dr. Sheppard, but the judges would not
permit him to start, putting up a lighter
boy. The horse ran out with the hoy,
skirting the outer fence throughout the
race. Durnell was indignant, claiming
his horse would have won if some one
was up who could handle him.
Train Wheels Crush His Leg.
SAN JOSE, Nov. 10.— George H. Clark,
flagman at the narrow gauge freight
yards in this city, while attempting to
board a caboose attached to a trainlc»ad
of sand this afternoon slipped and fell
beneath the car. Two wheels of the rfcar
truck passed over his left leg below the
knee and crushed it. The leg was ampu
tated above the knee. Clark had his right
leg crushed seven years ago and it was
amputated above the ankle. At that tibe
he was a brakeman on the same line
where he was hurt to-day.
ANGELS BAT OUT
A CLEAN VICTORY
Straighten Out Iburg's
Curves for Nineteen
Base Hits.
Dougherty Makes a Great
Record of Six Hits in
One Game.
Los Angeles won hands down from the
San Franciscos yesterday at Recreation
Park by a score of 11 to 1.
Joshua Reilly did all the scoring for the
Wa^ps. He was the first batter up in the
fifth inning and sent the first ball pitched
over the center-field fence for a home
run.
The Angels fell on Iburg's curves for a
total of nineteen hits. Dougherty made a
remarkable record as a batsman. He was
up six times and made six hits. This Is
the first time it has been accomplished
here this season. It is seldom a player
is at bat six times in a game. Having the
opportunity, it is seldom a man has the
ability to make a hit each time. Dough
erty scored four of the Angels' runs.
Pitcher McPartlin, who aggravates both
players and spectators by his delibera
tions, won his tenth successive victory.
The game was drawn out two hours
and ten minutes partly owing to Mc-
Partlin's methods. He carefully polishes
the ball and then goes all over it again.
Then he tries some of "March King" Sou
sa's movements. When he tires of this
he remembers there is sand in his glove
which must be removed. By this time
the batsman is ready to hit at anything
that comes over the plate. The jeers of
the spectators have no effect on McPart
lin. He goes through the same aggravat
ing tactics with the next man up— and
wins games.
L.os Angeles played an errorless game,
while the Wasps are charged with three
errors, all of which let in runs.
The southern batters commenced their
execution in the second. Kihm and Hall,
the first two up, were out at first. Reilly
and Spies singled and McPartlin was
given a pass to ' flrst, filling the bases.
Hemphill bunted along the left foul line,
scoring Reilly. Dougherty scored Spies
with a well placed hit over the pitcher's
head. Atherton struck out, retiring the
side.
Kihm scored Dougherty in the fifth with
a two-bagger. Dougherty scored again in
the seventh, coming home on the throw
in of Hall's fly to left field. Dougherty
and Spies scored in the eighth on Ather
ton's two-bagger.
Los Angeles bunched its hits in the
ninth, scoring five men on five hits, aided
by some errors.
The field was slippery, providing un
safe footing for the players, especially
interfering with their throwing. The at
tendance was large. Score:
LOS ANGELES.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Hemphill, c. t 6 0 1 v 0 0 0
Dougherty, r. t 6 4 6 1 5 0 0
Atherton, I. f 6 0 4 1 5 0 0-
Reitz, 2b 5 0 1 0 7 2 0
Kihm. lb 4 0 2 0 5 0 0
Hall, s. s 5 110 2 3 0
Reilly, 3b 5 2 2 0 15 0
Spies, c 4 3 2 0 2 0 0
McPartlin, p 3 1 0 0 0 0 0
Totals 41 11 19 2 27 10 0
SAN FRANCISCO.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Nordyke, c. f 4 0 1 0 1 o 0
Wilson, c 5 0 1 0 4 1 0
Hildebrand. 1. f 5 0 1 0 1 0 0
Schwartz r. f 5 0 1 0 1 0 0
Pabst, lb 4 0 2 0 13 1 i>
Krug. 2b 3 0 0 0 3 3 1
Shay. s. s 3 0 11111
J. Reilly, 3b 4 1 2 0 1 3 1
Iburg. p 4 0 1 0 2 4 0
Totals 37 1 10 1 27 .13 3
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Los Angeles 0 2 0 0 1 0 1 2 6—ll6 — 11
Base hits 1 4 1 0 3 1 2 2 5—19
San Francisco 000010000—1
Base hits 110 0 112 1 3—lo
SUMMARY.
Runs responsible for— lburg 6, McPartlin 1.
Home run— J. Reilly. Two-base hits— Atherton,
Nordyke. Sacrifice hits — McPartlin, Reitz!
First base on errors — Los Angeles 1. First baoe
on called balls— Los Angeles 3, San Francisco
3. Left on bases — Los Angeles 11, San Fran
cisco 12. Struck out— By I burg 3. by McPart
lin 2. Double play— Pabst. unassisted. Time
of same — 2:10. Umpire— Levy. Official scorer —
McFarlin.
There was no morning game at Oak
land yesterday and no game at Sacra
mento, owing to the rain.
DIFFICULT TO DEFEAT
RIORDAN AND HAMPTON
Handball Champion Fitzgerald Loses
to the Brace of California Play
ers in the Court.
James Fitzgerald, the handball cham
pion, was not equal to the task, yester
day, at San Francisco court, of defeat
ing, single handed, Al Hampton and
John Riordan. Both Californians played
a sure and steady game. The score was:
Klordar. and Hampton 21 14 21 21
Fitzgerald 16 21 15 10
The other games resulted as follows:
W. Walsh and K. White 21 17 21
J. Guthie and W. Stansbury 16 21 18
•J. Lawless and W. Williams 21 18 21
D. Connolly and M. Joyce 16 21 10
F. Johnson and G. Green 21 18 21
J. Fairbanks and J. Glynn 10 21 17
G. B. Hay wards and J. Condon 21 12 21
F. Foley and E. Barry 16 21 11
G. McDonald and M. McNeil 21 14 21
P. McKimmon and D. Rogers 16 21 11
W. Maeulre and Ed Curley bl
J. C. Nealon and J. White 44
LADIES WILL SING FOB.
YACHT CLUB'S BENEFIT
Sausalito Residents to Entertain in
Aid of Fund to Finish Main
Hall of Clubhouse.
Next Saturday evening the ladies of Las
Amigas Club, who during the last three
years have been permitted to use the
rooms of the San Francisco Yacht Club
at Sausalito on certain days of the week,
will give an entertainment at Buena Vista
Park, Sausalito. The entertainment will
consist of living pictures, vocal and in
strumental music and a short play. Com
modore W. N. McCarthy of the San Fran
cisco Yacht Club has issued a circular to
the members requesting them to purchase
tickets for the entertainment, the pro
ceeds of which will be devoted to finish
ing the interior of the main hall of the
clubhouse. All those to whom tickets
have been intrusted for sale are requested
to return either the tickets or their value
to Mrs. J. W. Sperry, Sausalito, before
November 12.
STRIKING SWITCHMEN"
RECEIVE NO SUPPORT
Brotherhood of Trainmen Decides to
Keep Its Organization Out
of the Fight.
DENVER. Nov. 10.— The strike of the
switchmen of the Rio Grande Railroad is
having but little effect on the traffic of
the road, according to the statements of
the railroad officials to-night. The switch
engines all over the system were fully
manned" to-day with the exception of
those at Alamosa and Sallda. The Broth
erhood of Railway Trainmen say they will
stand by the decision of Vice Grand Mas
ter Lee. in which he declared that the
agreement between his organization and
the Rio Grande was still in operation, and
that it covers switching. The switchmen
employed on the Colorado and Southern
Railroad, who it was reported would aid
the Rio Grande men in their strike, deny
this, saying that they will continue neu
tral.
FOR FREEDOM, THE $10,000 GREYHOUND.
DIES IN HIS KENNEL AT OCEAN VIEW
FOR FREEDOM, J. H. Rosseter's
JIO.OOO greyhound, is dead.
The great courser, whose sensa
tional victories on the field and
the recent successes of whose
progeny have made his name a household
word wherever coursing is known, suc
cumbed to disease superinduced by an at
tack of epizooty. which is prevalent here
among hortes. He died yesterday at
Pasha Kennels, near Ocean View.
For Freedom was bred by the great Eng
lish coursing firm of Fawcett Brothers,
and was whelped In January, 1896. He is
by Sir Sankey-Flitting Far. He trav
eled from England in a large wicker
crate and arrived 'here on March 16, 1898.
On March 19, three days later, he was
started in a stake! There was much cu
riosity among the coursing men to see
him in action, and his owner took this
method of gratifying their curiosity.
To the surprise of everybody he won
his first course and then the stake. The
betting opened at 10 to 1 against him.
From this it receded to 75 to 1. In the
semi-final round he showed such a turn
of speed that the odds were quickly ham
mered down to 2 to 5. In one round he
met the greyhound Move On and led him
so far Judge Bull, who was in the sad
dle, sent them back to the slips, thinking
Move On had not sighted the hare. The
second trial resulted the same, and then
it was seen how fast For Freedom was.
He won nine stakes, including one on
the Merced plains, and was then retired
to the stud. His puppies, which have ap
peared this year, promise to perpetuate
his name These Include Cold Shivers,
winner of the rich Futurity stakes;
Freeze Out, '-*li? Iceman, Royal Archer.
RuFtic Arbor, Amedee, Aeolus, Game Boy
and Fontenoy.
In color. For Freedom was a deep rich
brinclle with strong white markings. He
was of most aristocratic appearance. It
did not require the eye of an expert to
single him out from among a group of
PEPPER TARGETS
AT SHELL MOUND
Shooting Organizations
Hold Exciting
Contests.
Although the day was cloudy, the
marksmen at Sheii Ivlound yesterday
made some excellent scores. The shooting
in general was fully up to the average.
The Natonals composed of batteries B
and C National Guard Artillery, held the
eleventh contest of the year, and as most
of the poorer shots have dropped out the
fight for honors is close and exciting.
Sergeant J. W. Cobby distinguished him
self by making 24 points on each of the
three targets. F. P. Schuster won his
class contests in both the San Francisco
Schuetzen Verein and Germania Rifle
Club shoots. McLaughlin and White did
the best work for the Golden Gate Rille
and Pistol Club.
The scores for the day are as follows:
Nationals, Batteries B and. C. Battalion of
Artillery, National Guard of California, monthly
medal shoot:
, Yards 4
NAME. 200. 300. 500.
Captain 6. Petty 22 21 17
Lieutenant J. N. Ross 22 19 19
Sergeant A. E. Anderson 22 21 21
Lieutenant W. S. Grattan.... 23 . 15 3
Sergeant H. J. Musgrave 25 23 19
Sergeant T. J. Povey 24 24 23
Serieant J. W. Cobby 24 24 24
Sergeant T. McGilvery 18 22 21
Sergeant W. W. Thompson... 21 22 19
Sergeant AY. D. Grant 22 23 19
Serieant A. S. Hatf1e1d. . .. .. . 22 19 21
C. Heineman 23 17
J. McQuitty 15 20 9
V T Northrop 22 21 25
H W Mitchell 24 19 22
C. Meyer 25 23 22
C Waltham 24 22 23
Sergeant W. F. Unfred 23 19 17
Serjeant L. W. Grant 25 23 18
Nationals, monthly medal shoot at 200 yards,
on )y_Sergeant "W. Galbraith 33, Corporal T.
G Bantz 31 O. Suelflohn 33, B. Stromberg 40,
W G Petty 33. W. Collet 28. W. Sellers 30,
E 'A. Kurplnsky in, E. B. Burchard 30.
Germania Sehuetzen Club, monthly medal
shoot— First champion class, F. P. Schuster
29 216- second champion class, L. Bendel 220,
210- first class. J. Gefken 213; second class, L.
N 'Ritzau 203; third class, W. DoeU 194, 188;
best flrst shot. L. Bendel 24; best last ehot, J.
Gefken 24.
San Francisco Schuetzen Verein, monthly
medal shoot— Champion class, F. P. Schuster
450- flrst class, F. Koch 396; second class, O.
Lemcke 397; third class, L. Helns 382; fourth
class, H. Huppert 386; best first shot, F.
Brandt 24; best last shot, F. Schuster 24.
Golden Gate Rifle and Pistol Club. rifle
handicap— M. F. Blasse 198, 206. 199, 208. 212,
201; O. Bremer 206, 205, 222. 199, 215, 224, 220, 217;
D. W. McLaughlln 215. 213; £. B. Faktor 217.
216; gold medal— J. Kullmann »7; silver medal—
A. B. Dorfell 221, W. Ehrenpford IS2, 179. 177,
188; E. L. Relmenschnel<*er 196. 175, 197. Pistol
handicap— M. J. White 92. 82; W. F. Blasse
85, 84, 78; silver medal, revolver— H. Hlnkel 74,
73, 75; revolver handicap— J. W. Tompkins
61. 79.
greyhounds as the one endowed by nature
with all the qualities which go to make
up a sensational performer.
LITTLE SISTER A WnfSTESL
Defeats Champion Palo Alto at Union
Coursing Park.
In as hard a run and as exciting a final
as has been seen at Union Coursing Park
in many months. George Sharman's clever
greyhound Little Sister beat Eugene
Geary's champion hound Palo Alto yes
terday for final honors in the sixteen-dog
special stake. The short end players were
jubilant over the result, for though Palo
Alto was a 1 to 2 favorite, the backers of
his half-sister were active in taking all
the tempting offers.
The dogs were slipped to a lively hare.
Palo Alto shewed slightly in advance up
the field and taking possession rolled up
the first five points. Little Sister got In
and before relinquishing the game made
a good score. By this time the coursera
had had a severe trial, but Palo Alto put
on extra steam and tried to end the
course. The hare proved strong enough
to avoid the great sprinter. Suddenly
Palo Alto swerved the game to Little
Sister and lost possession. ~ fter a few
points Sister got tne kill, winning the
stake by a score of 18 to 13.
In the open stake George Nethercott'a
Floodgate beat A. A. Vandenberg's
Naughty Girl for first honors by a score
of S to 2.
Great interest was manifested by the
coursing men in the plains meeting to b«
held at Petaluma to-morrow. Wednesday
and Thursday. It is tuought a large
crowd will leave here this afternoon on
the 3:30 train for Petaluma.
Following are yesterday's results, with
Judge John Grace's official scores:
Open stake, first rou»d— George Graham' a
Tyrortne Prince beat H. Lynch' s Lilac. 8-0; C.
O. Peterson's Silver Cloud beat Georsre Shar
man's Firm Fellow, 6-3; Pasha Kennels'
Rustic Arbor bfat A. Vanderwhite's Lear
King. 6-G: P. Doyle's Liberator beat F. S.
WATERCURE GOES
TO THE BARRIER
Morris' Crack a Starter
in the Second Race
at Oakland.
Among the starters at Oakland track to
day will be "Watercure, the crack of the
Morris stable. The son of "Watercress is
one of the best horses in training and
there is a general desire to see him race.
To-morrow evening at the Occidental
Horse Exchange the yearlings from
Charles Kerr's Antrim Stock Farnwwlll
be sold. Some splendid performers have
sprung from this establishment and in the
present consignment are some racy and
robust-looking youngsters.
The successful bidder for the field book
privilege at Oakland will not be an
nounced until about Wednesday. .-".;-•
The following are to-day entries:
First race— Futurity course; selling; two
year-olds. v • * .
2778 Silva Crus 106 2783 Maraschino ....103
2790 Autumn Time.. lo7 2790 Malaaplna 105
... Sir Lewis 106 2771 St. Phtlllpina..lOs
(27S8)Montoya .......112 2803 Com. Forster. . .112
Rosy Cross 103 2771 Rub ino ..." 105
2795 St. Sever 105 2771 Lady Carlo 105
Second — One mile and a sixteenth; purse;
three-year-olds and upward. -
2780 Fly. Torpedo... lool .... "Watercure 109
(2798)08car Tolle ....103' 2798 Rio Shannon ... 112
• Third race— Five and a half furlongs; purse;
all ages. ¦
2782 Abba L ........ 109 2801 Senator Bruce 100
2786 Prejudice 113 (2801) Frank Bell 113
2801 Imp. R. Flush. 116 2804 Bar. Frietchie IC9
2765 Strongoll 113 2779 Sir Dougal "m
. 2804 Articulate 112 2782 Scorpia '.'.'.in
Fourth race — Six furlongs; purse; two-year
olds. . .
2729 Escalante ..'.:.. 118 2588 Carlo ...... iig
...Sombrero : 118 2766 Magi ..' "iin
2795 Tufts 110 • - 1U
Fifth race— One mile; selling; four-year-olds
and upward. . ~ • ./ -.~r-"v~
2786 Horton .....1081- .... Capt. Games 108
2804Bahsor 108 .... Marion Lynch " ! 103
2773 Greenock ....... Up' 2791 Rush Fields .^lO?
Sixth race— Six • furlongs; selling; three-year
2786 Hungarian 104 1 2776 Gold Baron 1(U
27»7 De Capo MTT 2792 Censor $
52 S" Shot 109! 2792 Lief Prtn c ; loi
2792 Monda 104: 2798 Sea Lion iio
• 2797 Mike Sice 104 2799 Pat Mor?ls" S Vv"^
2791 The Singer ....104 2799 Imperious y " m
2797 Reina de Cuba.lo4 im Perloua 104
» Probable Winners.
St Fl S eve™ Ce CC ° mmlSSiOner Forster. Montoya.
ofcr T d one rilCe ~' VaterCUre ' '*$£ T °^*>-
Dougal. raCe Fran^ ! Be Articulate. Sir
Fourth race-Escalante, Magi. Carlo
jr/ra^feTS-I^H^ Pat
Morrlssey. i . , ue v-Tioa, Fat
MOST SENSATIONAL PERFORMER A
AMONG GREYHOUNDS IN AMER
ICA. WHOSE DEATH IS A LOSS
TO THE SPORT.
Prlco'a Brutus. 21-15; E. Geary's Ruby Baa
key beat E. Reddy's Duplicate, 18-0; A. R.
Curtis' Kibosh beat E- Reddy's Full Moon.
14-9; W. C. Qlasson'a Master Workman beat
Aeneld Kennels' Fine Fire. 17-«; Pasha Ken
nels' Rocker beat A. L. Enderson's James
Lick, 24-2: Star Kennela' Mayflower beat P.
Doyle's Thelma, 7-1; Chlarlni Bros. 1 Tarns
TraJee beat J. M. Carroll's Auckland, 5-0. B.
Silva' a Master Rocket beat A. R. Curtis' Lor.t
Beaconsfteld, 5-4; J. M. Carroll's Master Clair
beat H. H. Gray's Terronette, lfr-10; H.
Lynch' s Merrimac beat George Sharman's Goid
Bug, 4-0: Sterl & Knowles' Cold Shivers beat
Pasha Kennels' Gold Nugget, 8-5; George
Nethercott's Floodgate beat L. 8. Barre s
Amedee, 9-3; Cheetham & Partlngton's Repre
sentative beat H. Lynch" s Black Bart. 21-16:
H. Lynch' s Clarice beat W. H. Robinson' 3
Lord Freedom, 28-2; Kelly & Hanley's Naughty
Girl beat W. C. Glaasons Lady Sears, 12-1;
George Nethercott's Hickory Dick a bye; J.
D. Cardinell's Union Jack beat "W. H. Robin
son's Fred Freedom. 9-8; F. B. Gerber's Rlenzl
beat W. C. Glaaaon's Sleigh Bells, 10-5; Star
Kennels' Plcknockct beat H. Perlgo'3 Con
troller. 8-2; H. H. Gray's Rona a bye; E.
Geary's Fannie Hughle beat Gaorge Nether
cott's Red Rock. 9-5.
Second round — Silver Cloud beat Tyrone
Prince, 4-1: Rustic Arbor a bye; Ruby Sankey
beat Kibosh, 14-6: Rocker a bye: Tame Tralee
beat Mayflower. 3-2; Master Clair beat Mastpr
Rocket. 9-6; Cold Shivers beat Merrimao, it>-* .
Floodgate a bye: Naughty Girl a bye: Hlckorv V
Dick beat Union Jack, 22-16: Plekuocket beat.
Rlenzi. 24-11: Rona beat Fannie Hughie. 10-4.
Third round— Silver Cloud a bye; Rocker beat
Ruby Sankey, 21-12: Master C.air beat Tarn-
Tralee. 4-2; Floodgate beat Cold Shivers. 7-5;
Naughty Girl beat Hickory Dick. 7-5; Rona a
bye.
Fourth round — Silver Cloud a bye; Floodgate
beat Master Clair. 5-3; Namrhty Girl beat
Rona, 8-0.
Fifth round — Floodgate beat Sliver Cloud, 11
6; Nausrhty Girl a bye.
Deciding course — Floodgate beat 3faughty
Girl. 8-2.
Special stake— E. Geary's Palo Alto beat A. R.
Curtis' Charta. 10-4; Chlarinl Bros." Dewdron
beat A. R. Curtis' King Cotton, 3-1; T. J.
Cronln's Vandal beat George Sbannan's Sir
Pasha. 8-6: Pasha Kennels' Roman Athlete
beat A. R. Curtis' Flying Fox, 5-1; O. Zahr.i
Homer Boy beat F. Jones' Wedsre-wood. 9-4:
George Sharman's Little Sister beat J. Mark
land's The Grafter. 4-0; Star Kennels' Game
Boy beat A. R. Curtis' Vulcan, 11-5; A. Van
derwhite's Flora McDonald, a bye.
Second round— Palo Alto beat Dewdrop, f-l:
Roman Athlete beat Vandal, 19-12; Little Sis
ter beat Homer Boy, 6-5: Game Boy beat Flora
McDonald, 9-7.
Third round— Palo Alto a bye: Little Sister
beat Game Boy. 5-0.
Deciding course— Little Bister beat Palo Alto.
13-13.
LONDON MARKET
CLOSES BETTER
Ajuerican Railway Se
curities Cause Brisk
Revival.
LONDON. Nov. 10.— The fall In consols,
which is partially attributable to the
speech of th© Chancellor of the Exchequer
Sir Michael Hicks-Beach, foreshadowing
increased war taxes, caused everything to
be dull during the early part of last week,
out owing to the brisk revival in Ameri
can railway securities, ail the markets
closed better.
With the exception of Americans there
has been little Increase In business, but
the quickness with which prices rallied
has encouraged a belief that better mar
kets are in prospect. The Northern Pa
cific settlement is the subject of much dis
cussion, especially as to whether it is the
beginning of a new boom.
Continental exchange has improved
from the London point of view and there
i2 ere l 3 no immediate prospect of
gold shipments from London. The demand
ror gold in the open market has also di
minished. The pflce of bar gold shows a
slight decline. The shipment of gold to
South Africa, which began with the with
drawal of £118,000 week before last, seem*
likely to be larger than usual. It -is recJß
n«ed . here that the French demand-I^^
gold has not been entirely satisfied by
>tew York shipments and that it will be
necessary to keep up rates in order to pre
vent the return of French capital.
BERLIN, Nov. 10.— The Boerse has
grown more stagnant, although values
have only been maintained. Some coal
and Iron shares Improved several points
on the week, but others fell off. All other
industrials were weaker. Ocean transport
ation shares experienced a new fall Ham
burg-American declining 2.50 and North
German Lloyd 4. The latter went below
par for the first time in five years
• The Cologne Gazette argues that the
competition of American anthracite with
German anthracite is not to be feared In
asmuch as the price of coal delivered to
Rhine boats at Rotterdam is 29 marks for
the product, whereas the German mines
offer the same quality at 23 marks,
+k ? 5c s the , Be *llner Ta&eblatt replies
that the continued imports of American
anthracite demonstrates the ability of the
Americans to compete and it expresses a
hope that American competition will com
pel the German producers to reduce prices
stopped where imports can be ea3Uy
American railway securities were active.
Interest was confined chiefly to Northern
£?£-? l n whlch v howev er. realizations oc
curred toward the end of the week, v"^
th! h< \h° ar ot 5 lion can be heard fan*"*
tnrP <£ sound ot any other living crea "
ture. Next comes the cry of a fy ena *
and then the hoot of the owl; after hes *.
the panther and the jackal.GREATORE'S MUSICIANS ENTERTAIN
DELIGHTED THOUSANDS IN PAVILION
Farewell Concert of the Royal Italian Band, for Benefit of the Verdi
Memorial Fund, Proves a Rare Treat to Large Audience of
Music-Lovers and a Great Triumph for the Gifted Leader
CREATORS at last found a place
large enough to hold even him
last night In the Mechanics' Pa
vilion, where the farewell concert
cf the Royal Italian Band was
given in. aid of the Verdi memorial fund.
An Immense audience gathered to hear
the band, which for the first time here
really showed what it can do, and the
Verdi memorial fund Js handsomely bene
fited by the performance. All the Italian
POttmy of the town turned out to do honor
'I the grand old maestro's memory and
received their gifted young compatriots.
Creator* and his men. with prolonged and
well-earned cheering.
The first number on the programme was
not a success. The band, placed at one
end of the hall, could hardly be heard.
the curious harmonies of "The Royal
Purple March" wandering away under the
whitewashed galleries and everywhere ex
cept in the direction of in© disappointed
audience. But the yourtg Napoleon took
in the situation at a glance and the man
ager, Channinjr Ellery, announced after
the first number that Creatcre would take
POSTUM CEREAL.
CLERGYMAN'S CHILDREN.
Coffee Being Replaced by Fostum
Food Coffee.
"I am the wife of a minister. About
three years ago a warm friend, an exem-
piary other and the conscientious wife
of a minister, asked .me if I had ever
tried giving up coffee and using the Poi-
tum Food Coffee. I had been telling her
of my excessive nervousness and ill
health. She said: 'We drink nothing
else for breakfast but Postum Pood Cof-
fejt and It is a delig-ht and comfort to
W«r« something that we do not have to
refuse the children when they ask for it.'
"I was surprised that she would permit
the children to drink any kind of coffee,
hut she explained that It was a most
healthful beverage and that the children
thrived on It. A very little thought con-
vinced me that for bralnwork one should
rot rely upon a stimulant such as coffee
is, but should have food and th» very
l»est of food.
"My first trial of Postum was a failure.
The maid of all work brought it to the
'able, lukewarm, weak, and altogether
lacking In character. We were in despair,
hut decided on one more trial. At the
second trial, we faithfully followed the
ejections, used four teaspoonsful to tha
Mr.t of water, let it boll full fifteen min-
utes after the real boiling: began, and
ferved It with rich cream. It was deli-
cious and we were ail won.
I have since sung the praises of Postum
Pood Coffee on many, many occasions
'«nd have induced numbers of friends to
abandon coffee and use Postum, with re-
markable results. The wife of a college
J'rogrsor paid to me a short time affo
'hey nothing had ever produced ago
nothing had ever produced so
Bianked a change in her husband's health
* '¦ the leaving off of coffee and the us«
of Stan Pood Coffee." Edith Smith
l»vu. Acoleton. WU, . . ';¦<
LATE ITALIAN COMPOSER OF INTERNATIONAL FAME WHOSE
MEMORY IS TO BE PERPETUATED BY HIS COUNTRYMEN IN THIS
CITY BY THE ERECTION OF A SUITABLE MEMORIAL.
up his band and walk— to the middle of
the hi.il, which he did, the audience good
naturedly reseating itself accordingly.
And then Creatore showed what he could
do and from the Verdi "Aroldo" over
ture to the 'Carmen' fantasie that ended
the programme, the evening was one long
triumph for the brilliant young Italian.
The best number was the "Tannhauser"
overture, that was given with a distinc
tion, brilliance, grace and finish of inter
i relation and execution that could not be
lettered by any living conductor with the
same material to work with. Creatore
just picked up anything he wanted with
the point of that magic baton of his and
he lias a corps of men of whom'any con
ductor would bo proud.
In the spacious hall every good quality
of the band had a fair chance to make It
self apparent, and to the fine precision,
shading and attack that have before been
conceded to the organization, must now
be added an adequate appreciation of its
COLOMBIAN WAR
FEELING GROWS
Liberals Along Frontier
Angered Against the
Castro Family.
WILLEMSTAD, Island of Curacao.
Nov. 10.— Advices received here from Ca
pacho Vlejo, dated November 5, say that
th« report from President Castro to his
brother. Oelestino Castro, at San Cristo
bal, to the effect that the United States
Government "insists upon mediating be
tween Venezuela and Colombia." caused
the greatest' excitement among the troops
on the frontier. General Uribe-Uribe and
General Modesto Castro immediately set
out for San Cristobal to obtain details.
It seems that General L'rlbe-Uribe re
fused to believe the report, declaring that
he had no fears as to the future of the
Liberal cause, because Prepldent Castro
had given him a cast-iron pledge not to
forsake him.
"Should President Castro prove untrue
to the Liberal cause," exclaimed General
Uribe-I'rlbe, "the result would be his
ruin. The war will end in Colombia be
fore Christmas."
There is considerable feeling against the
Castro family among the Colombian Lib
erals and along the frontier in conse
quence of a widespread rumor that Celes
tino Castro, who is commander In chief
at San Cristobal, has been privately sell-
Ing cattle to the enemy, the cattle being
secured by means of alleged raids of Co
lombian Conservatives. During one of
these raids a dozen soldiers were killed
on both sides. It is said that the cattle
chang« hands at a prearranged price of
$20 per head. The blood thus spilled is
charged directly to Celestlno Castro by
the indignant people of Tachlra.
CURACAO, Nov. 10.— Dr. Eduardo
Blanco, Venezuelan Minister of Foreign
Affairs, has resigned his portfolio. He
will be succeeded by Dr. Pachano.
The cause of the resignation was a disa
greement regarding the Colombian ques
tion, particularly the answer of President
Castro to the Pan-American Congress in
the City of Mexico, which was sent with
out Dr. Blanco's knowledge.
There mere 156,068 children at school In
India, sixty years ago. Thers are 4,000,000
now. „
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, NOVEMBER 11, 1901.
beauty of tone color and excellent balance
of parts.
The "Lucia" sextet was another favor
ite number on the programme and aroused
an Immense enthusiasm, but neither it nor
even the Bizet "Carmen" was so splendidly
felt by band or audience as the Wag
ner overture. "Florodora." with its fluffy
melodies. came off badly between the
"Carmen" and "Tannhauser," though it
was played with a dainty elegance that
Shew* the band well at home in the light
er styles. The prelude to "Cavalleria
Rusticana was delightfully rendered, and
a national medley, with a magic "Dixie"
and "Yankee Doodle,' called Sousa tit his
palmiest to mind. Every number, except
'Horodora" was encored
Last night's was the last concert of the
Royal Italian Band this season, but if
is not difficult to prophesy that it will
not play for almost a week to empty
benches. ?
PAYS TRIBUTE
TO PRESIDENT
Russian Press Pictures
Roosevelt in Glowino
19
Colors.
ST. PETERSBURG. Nov. 10. -The Rus
sian leader writers have put President
Roosevelt and the United States on the
list of their regular themes. Scarcely a
day passes without sorno newspaper de
voting a serious editorial to the develop
ment of the political and economic power
of the United States. This In itself is
gratifying, but what Is more so is that
nearly all the papers are sympathetic and
many display accurate insight into Amer
ican affairs. The Bourse Gazette prints
tho following:
The statesman who has unexpectedly as
sumed the reins at Washington U the perfect
type of the American of to-Uay and before
him lies a v. ider horizon than any of his pre
decessors enjoyed. Between the United States
of our day and the republic of which the his
tory of the last century told us th«re Is little
In common. The classic land at freedom the
country which has developed its prosperity to
wonderful dimensions and which has realized
the boldest Utopias and the most darlni theories
of political and social liberty, the great trans
atUntlc republic, terrifies tho Imagination of
Europeans. It Is a new giant, a state which
the latest events have made a world power
a state which has transformed Itself to the
point of recognlzablllty and Is bent upon trans
formiiiK the whole world, proclaiming throuich
Its new chief magistrate that tho word of tho
United States shall have due weight every
where where economic and political questions
are decided.
PORTUGUESE GUNBOAT
TAKES AMERICAN VESSEL
Seizes a Schooner for Aiding Emi
grants Who Tried to Avoid
Military Service.
LONDON. Nov. 10.— The Exchange Tel
egraph Company has received a dispatch
from Lisbon announcing that a Portu
guese gunboat had seized the American
schooner Lottie and Lottie at Horta, Is
land of Fayal, the Azores, for clandes
tinely conveying twenty-six emigrants
who were trying to avoid military service.
BIG GAME MAY
PAY EXPENSES
Prospects for California
Are Bright for An
other Year.
Football Men Will Consider
Princeton's Offer for
Match.
BERKELEY. Nov. 10.— Berkeley is hop
ing that this season the intercollegiate
football game will pay the expenses of
the team. Last year Manager Reno
Hutchinson paid ali of the expenses of
the team for the year and liquidated the
entire athletic debt that hung over the
university, amounting to several thousand
dollars. This year Manager Decoto says
the indications are that expenses will be
paid. Financial returns cannot be had as
early as this, but Decoto estimates tha;
there were 12,000 people, at the football
game yesterday and that California's
chare of the receipts will meet the outlay
that he has made during the year. He
does not look tor much profit, and says
that he will be satisfied it' he comes out
•yen.
Princeton's offer to play a game with
California In this State this winter will
be considered by the executive committee
of the student body to-morrow. The an
swer la In question, but siiuuul the foot
ball men be willing a game will be ar
ranged. Some of the eleven are unde
cided about their ability to take up train
ing again, and unless they are eager to
meet Princeton the offer oi the New Jer
sey university will be declined.
California's prospects tor next year's
football contest are bright. Many veter
ans of the gridiron will be left, and the
unusually large and good supply of fresh
man material will be on hand to develop.
Besides this the Berkeley contingent be
lieves that a style of coaching has beeij
secured and a spirit aroused which will be
hard to overcome. In fact, a series of
victories is looked for on the football field
such as California has secured on the
track. Dr. Frank Simpson, the head
coach is receiving his full share of praisj
for the splendid manner in which he
brought out the team.
Of this year's varsity but two will grad
uate—Captain Womble, end and back, and
Ilhnsen, tackle. Womble can never play
again against Stanford, as yesterday's
game was his fourth in the intercollegiate
contests, and intercollegiate rules forbid a
man entering more than four. As this
was Hansen's first year on the big eleven
he can take post graduate work and com
pete again if he chooses. All the other
men expect to continue their college
courses. There will be left Gendotti at
center; Giant Overall, Stow and Stroud.
guards; Albertson, tackle; Hudson and
Starr, ends; More, quarter; Mini, Duden.
Whipple and Sherman, backs; Dibblee,
who would have gone into the game but
for a wrenched knee, will be back for end.
Clay, guard, and Gammon, back, who
played on last year's varsity and later left
college, may return to university work.
Both signify their intention of so doing.
The addition of these two men to the
squad will materially strengthen It.
There are a large number of freshmen
out who should make strong 1 bids for the
varsity next year and make up a splendid
second eleven. Morehead and Howard are
heavy men for center. Howard is> also a
good guard. Possibly he. Heitmuller and
Stroud, who went into the game yester
day after Overall was put off the field,
should make a strong run for one of the
places. Watson, Metealf. Gastrich and De
merritt will he out for line position. Back
of the line there will be Risley, Graves,
K'ttrrpll. SaeltztT and Evans.
Dr. Simpson stated to-day that pros
pects for the coming- season were very en
couraging. "There Is plenty of splendid
material left," he said, "and this victory
should bring nut all the boys. Every man
on the team has promised to be back next
year, if not to try for the eleven at least
to help coach. There Is plenty of loyalty
there and among the students and
alumni."
OHIO ELECTION RETURNS
SHOW A GREAT SHORTAGE
CINCINNATI. Nov. 10,-With almost
j half of the official returns from the
eighty-eight counties in Ohio received, It
is estimated that the total vote' may be
100,000 less than for Governor two years
ago, when 920, 572 votes were cast, and al
most a quarter of a million less than for
President last year, when the total vote
of Ohio was 1,349,121.
Notwithstanding the increase in popu
lation during the past thirteen years, the
total vote will likely be much less than
for President In ISSB, when it was 841,011.
and probably less than has been cast for
Governor since that time with a single
exception.
The returns show that the greatest
shortage was among the Democrats out
side of the cities, and It is variously at
tributed to the silver question, prevailing
prosperity, the death of McKinley. In
dorsement of President Roosevelt, Gov
ernor Nash, Senator Foraker, and other
causes.
USHERS BAR UNFROCKED
PRIEST'S WAY IN CHTJBCH
Father Crowley Is Finally Given Seat
in Rear of a Chicago
Cathedral.
CHICAGO. Nov. 10.— Father Jeremiah
J. Crowley. the Rcrman Catholic priest
who was recently excommunicated for
criticizing the church officials and whose
.presence, in. Holy Name Cathedral was the
cause of a dramatic scene there last Sun
j day, appeared at the cathedral again to
| day at the hour of solemn high mass.
' Father Crowley was finally admitted anJ
| permitted to occupy a reap" seat through
out the service.
When the priest appeared at the central
entrance he found gathered there a num-
I ber of ushers, who quickly barred the
passage with tables. Father Crowley was
directed to a side entrance, and there he
was admitted. When lie started up the
aisle, however, his way was blocked by
i another company of ushers who declined
I to permit him to proceed and he was
I forced to accept a pew the fourth from
I the rear. There he sat undisturbed.
i MASKED HIGHWAYMEN
HOLD UP AN OMNIBUS
i Rob the Passengers of Their Valu
ables and Afterward Escape in
the Darkness.
VALLEY CITY, N. P.. Nov. 10 .--While
an omnibus was on Its way to North Val
ley City to-night, it was held up by
masked men. Half of the seventeen pas
sengers were robbed, losing money and
other valuables to the amount of about
?400. Lawyer Combs, who was riding with
the driver, jumped from his seat In the
darkness, ran back to the nearest house
and telephoned for the police. By the
time the officers arrived, however, the
] robbers had escaped with their booty.
I There is no clew to their identity. The
hoid-up took place within the city limits
and was a bold piece of work.
Mormons Sustain Selection of Smith.
SALT LAKE, Utah, Nov. 10.— At a
special conference of the general author
ities of the Mormon church, held in the
Tabernacle In this city to-day, the action
of the council of apostles in selecting
Joseph F. Smith as President of the
church in succession to the late Lorenzo
Snow was sustained. The conference also
ratified the selection of Joseph F. Smith
John R. Winder and Anthon H. Lund as
members of the first presidency.
McKinley Monument "Unveiled.
TOWER, Minn., Nov. 10.— The first
monument to be erected in honor of Wil
liam McKlnley was unveiled here to-day
before thousands of people who cam.c
from all over the Northwest. Governor
Van Sant was among the speakers. All
the bands that could be mustered were
on hand and united in playing "Nearer
My God, to Thee," the great crowd sing
ing the words.
The odor of a well-cooked dinner is th«
incense of domestic love.
OAKLAND TURNS OUT TO STRIP LAKE
MERRITT OF ITS STRIPED BEAUTIES
News of Thomas E. Archer's Record-Breaking Capture of Bass
Spreads Through the City, and as a Result the Briny Waters
Are Lashed Into Foam by a Multitude of Excited Fishermen
DI6CIPLES OF IZAAK WALTON IN OAKLAND WHIP THE SURFACE OF LAKE MERRITT INTO FOAM IN EA
GER EFFORTS TO LAND SOME OF THE WILY STRIPED BASS THAT ARE NOW INHABITING THAT
CLASSIC SHEET OF WATER.
OAKLAND, Nov. 10.— Everybody in
Oakland who did not go to the
football game yesterday went
fishing. When the story of the
great catch of striped bass made
by Thomas E. Archer in Lake Merrttt
Friday was read in The Call, everybody
who had any kind of an Instrument for
the capture of the finny tribe started for
Lake Merrltt. The banks of the lake,
from one side to the other, were lined
during the day with those who thought
that they would equal or eclipse the rec
ord of Mr. Archer. The word had been
passed around that I^ake Merrltt was fun
INSURANCE MEN
SUSPECT FRAUD
Say Corpse Shown Them
Is Not That of Man
Insured.
LITTLE ROCK, Ark., Nov. 10.— The
corpse sent here from Jeffersonville, Ind.,
as that of Newell C. Rathbun of this
city, United States recruiting officer, who
was reported to have died in a Jefferson
ville hotel a few days ago^is not the body
of Rathbun, according to the assertion
made here to-day by Samuel M. Powell,
State manager of the Metropolitan Llfo
Insurance Company.
In his statement Manager Powell is sup
ported by Dr. C. Jennings, the company's
examining physician; B. P. Sisk, who
placed half of the lite insurance on Rath
bun; by Mrs. J. C. Watkins, with whom
Rathbun boarded up to the time of his
marriage a short time ago, and by oth
ers.
Powell requested the undertaker to
postpone the funeral, set for to-day, un
til he can place the Information of his
alleged discovery in the possession of a
detective.
Powell made a statement to-day. In
which he said: '•This case is so very un
usual from my lirst connection with it that
1 shall be surprised at nothing that may
develop In regard to it."
Powell said that Ralhluin had voluntar
ily asked for $-vuo insurance, saying that
he was tho United States army recruiting:
officer of this city and soon to be married.
"A few days later he called again at my
office," faid Powell, "but I was absent,
and niyV>ftiee man, B. I. Sisk, wrote him
$2000 additional. When I read the notice
of his sudden death I was astonished.
He was too healthy, according to my
mind, to drop off in that way. and 1
thought it might be a case of suicide, and
determined to have an autopsy. This
morning, in company with Dr. Jen
nings, 1 went to the house where the re
mains were to make the request of his
wife and to have the autopsy over be
fore the hour of the funeral."
Powell snid tltat several persons who
knew Rathbun well were present, and
when the remains were exposed to view
it was the general opinion that the body
v.as not that of Kathhun.
ORANGE CROP SMALLER
THAN THAT OF LAST YEAR
Estimates in Southern California
Show Decrease, but Fine Quality
Is Promised.
I,OS ANGELES, Nov. 10.— Careful and
conservative estimates of the orange crop
of Southern California for the season 1901
02 indicate that It will be from 13 to 20
per cent less than that of last year, but
with normal climatic conditions, the fruit
will be of excellent quality.
There is the usual variance in these es
timates howevef, an optimistic view from
Riverside County being that the drop will
exceed that of last season. In the Red
land* .district it is thought the decrease
will be from 10 to 30 per cent. The ter
ritories of Pomona. Ontario, Azusa and
Covlna indicate a deficit of nearly one
third, while some of the growers in the
vicinity of Ontario are of the opinion that
their yield will not be more thai) half of
what it was last season. In Orange
County it is said there will be a decrease
of about 25 per cent as compared with the
previous crop, while San Diego County's
shipments will equaltlioae of last year.
Negotiating for a Steel Plant.
TROY, N. V., Nov. 10.— Negotiations are
being, carried on by J, Pierpont Morgan
whereby Jt Is expected that the Breaker
island plant of the Troy Steel Company
will soon be absorbed by the United Statea
Steel Corporation. The plant, which Is
the largest In the State, has been idle for
flva years and ia now in the hands of a
receiver. At one time tt employed over
SOOO men.
of fish that were just aching to be caught
and eaten, and those who were looking
for records and pan fish braved the
threatening rain with the fisherman's in
difference to weather and whipped the
waters of the lake from the golfhouse on
the north around both sides to the
Twelfth-street dam.
The story was passed around that there
was a big run of striped bass in the lake
and fully five hundred disciples of Izaak
Walton made a descent upon the lake,
armed with everything from the finest
fishing 1 outfit to the most primitive pole
from r green tree and string line. The
HOTEL'S GUEST
DIES OF POISON
Mystery Cloaks a Trag
edy in an Indiana
Town.
JEFFERSONVILLE, Ind., Nov. 10.—
Two men who registered as William Ten
Eycke of Watertown. N. V. , and Newell
¦ C. Rathbun put up at the Falls City Hotel
here last Wednesday. On Thursday the
man who registered as Rathbun was
found dead in his bed. The Coroner says
the post-mortem examination showed
laudanum enough in the dead man's
stomach to have killed two men. The
verdict of the Coroner's jury, it was said
to-day, would be that death was caused
by morphine poisoning.
The man who registered as William Ten
Eycke had left the hotel when the body
was found. A letter was received on Sat
urday by Deputy Coroner Coots from Ten
Eycke. dated Louisville. In it he statea
that he met Rathbun in Little Rock and
was befqtended by him. Meeting him in
Louisville, and noticing that Rathbun was
| in distress, he took him to Jeff,ersonville,
I gave him clothes, paid his hotel bill and
I on Wednesday night accompanied him to
I Louisville and the two "had a time."
The supposed Rathbun was helplessly
i intoxicated, it is said, when Ke returned
to the hotel on Wednesday night. Deputy
i Coots has been unable to find Ten Eycke.
Queen City Has Rough Trip.
VICTORIA. B. C, Nov. 10.-The steam
er Queen City returned from the west
coast this morning after a rough trip. Sh.2
reports the closing down of the Thistle
mine. The force of 125 miners has been
paid off, and the mine, road and wharf
are closed. The machinery and equip
ment will be sold. The sealing schooner
C. D. Rand, the last of the fleet, ha<*
reached Ahousett after a rough trip down
from Quatsino, where she arrived two
weeks ago. A gale carried away her
main rigging.
Prospectors Find a Skeleton.
SAN MIGUEL. Nov. 10. -While a couple
of prospectors' were up in Vineyard Can
yon, about five miles from this town, a
few days ago the bank of the creek near
the Vineyard Spring gave way and a
skeleton of a human being was disclosed
to view only two or three feet under the
surface. There were no signs of a coffin
or clothing found with the remains.
Nicaragua Purchases a Cruiser.
MANAGUA, Nicaragua. Nov. 10.—Presi
dent Zelaya has purchased from Germany
the special vessel Arminus, which will
be used as a cruiser.
PALLING BOWLDER
CRUSHES MAN'S SKTJXL
OAKLAND, Nov. 10.— Frank McGregor,
a laborer, employed by the Santa Fe
Railroad, had his skull crushed this morn
ing by a bowlder at Point Richmond.
McGregor was working on an embank
ment when the huge rock, loosened by
the rain, rolled down upon him. The in
jured man was removed to a San Fran
cisco hospital, but there Is no hope for hia
recovery. He is 45 years old, single, and
went to Point Richmond a month ago
from Stockton.
Pioneer Missionary to Go Home.
OAKLAND, Nov. 10.— The Rev. N. R.
Johnston, a pioneer missionary among the
Chinese, has arranged to depart on No
vember 18 for a trip to his former home in
Baltimore. The reverend gentleman came
to California In 1857 as superintendent of
the Reformed Presbyterian Chinese Mis
sion. For twenty-five years he has worked
in this city. The clergyman is SI years of
age. He expects to spend the remaining
days of his life in his old home.
fair sex was not absent and not a few
sought to lure the wary striped baas into
their clutches.
There were a number of go«d catches
made yesterday. Mr. Archer was there
again and he succeeded in pressing the
fisherman's luck and lauding half a. dozen
good-sized fish, but nothing like his great
catch of Friday.
Lake Merritt has never been noted as a
fishing ground and the sportsmen of Oak-
I land are trying to find out Just why the
; bass seem to get into the lake at thjs
' time. In an endeavor to discover ! Just
[ what happened some of the striped bass
from Lake Merritt have been sent to the
j State University for a kitchen analysis.
Woman Accidentally Shot.
Georgette Leroux was accidentally itoot
in her room, 236 Bush street, yesterday
morning. and was taken to the- Receiv
ing Hospital. The bullet struck her on
the right side and inflicted only a super
ficial wound. Eugene Fouche, her con
sort, who was in the room at the time,
was arrested by Sergeant Burnett pend
ing an investigation. He stated that he
was cleaning a rifle, when the woman
asked him to clean a revolver which had
become rusty. As she handed it to him
It was discharged. He was detained till
the French Interpreter was procured and
the woman confirmed his story.
New Post of Veteran*.
The William McKinley Post, Veterans
of the Civil War Association, held a meet
ing on Saturday night to afford member*
and their friends a better opportunity to
become acquainted and to sign the char
ter roll if they so desired. A number of
letters were received from veterans in th^
Interior asking information about the
date of closing the charter. Their name*
were enrolled, as were also those of abouc
twenty others. The secretary announce 1
that he expected to have about twenty
five more applications at the next meet
ing, when the charter will be closed.
Harte Surrenders Himself.
Patrick Harte, engineer of the tram
that ran over and killed Harry Rice, the
yard pilot, at Sixth and Townsend streets
Saturday night surrendered himself to
the police early yesterday morning, and
was booked at the City Prison on a.
charge of manslaughter. He was released
on $50 cash bail.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
¦-i.--rij-r.rij- ,----- ¦ - |-t -------- - _,-, ,- ir . j-Li-xj-u-ij-o-^n |-
Headache
•v Sick, Nesvocss,
Neuralgic.
No matter -what may be
the name or the cause, if
you are subject to headache
in any form, you are natu-
rally more interested in
knowing how to prevent and
cure it The next time your
• head aches get a box of
DR. MILES'^ *
Pain Pills
They do care headache
and pain in all forms. ,„
' Sold by all druggists. Price 25c. t
"For nervous and sick headache we
consider Dr. Miles'. Pain Pills the best
remedy that we have ever tried. Mrs.-
Harman has found the most severs •
attacks yield immediately to their cura-
tive influence." Rev. T. H. Haju«ax,
Fenniraore, Wis.
Dr. Miles Medical Co., Elkhart, In*.
78
_AJf FRAJfCIiCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of The San Francisco
Call, comer of Market and Third streets; open
until 12 o'clock every night in the year:
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 p. m. .
300 Hayes street: open until 8:30 p. m.
639 McAllister street; open until 9:38 p. in.
«5 Larkin street: open until 8:30 p. m.
IS4I Mission street; open until 10 p. m.
n Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
tntll S d. m.
106 Eleventh street: open until 9 p. m.
IC9C Valencia street : open until 9 p.m.
Northwest corner Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky streets: open until 9 p. m.
£200 Fill— ;ore street: open until » p. m.
~ MEETING NOTICES.
ASYLUM of Golden Gate Commandery < <JL iS
No 16 K. T.. €25 Sutter St.— Special
assembly THIS EVENING at S o'clock. lI|J
Order of Temple. All fraters are cour- *V
teously invited^ LOVELAND. Em. Com.
THEO. FROLICH. Recorder.
SAN Francisco Chapter No. 1. Royal •
Arch Masons, meets THIS EVENING. _#%_
Jt A. degree. y%/\
H. G. PRINCE, Secretary. *~^
OCCIDENTAL Lodpe No. 12. F. and A. _
M.-THIS (MONDAY) EVENING at 7 *%
o'clock, third degree. Master Masons TCjf
cordially invited. By order of the W. '^• F ">
U. WALTER G. ANDERSON. Secretary.
KING Solomon's Lodge No. 260. F. and m
A M.. 1539 Fillmore First degree _. si. -
THIS EVENING at 7:30 o'clock. }_X
HARRY BAEHR. Secretary. *?'
ANNUAL MEETING.— Notice la hereby given
that the eleventh annual meeting of the stock-
holders of the San Francisco Home Mutual ;
Loan Association will be held at the office |
of the corporation. 618 Montgomery st., San
Francisco, on WEDNESDAY. November IS, i
1901. at 3:30 o'clock p. m.. for the purpose of !
electing directors for the ensuing year, pre- I
sentation of the eleventh annual report and
the transaction of such other business as may
come before the meeting. Books are now open ;
for subscription to ICOO shares of stock of the |
twelfth series. By order of the Board of Dl. •
rectors. A. SBARBORO. Secretary. I
AGENTS WANTED.
AGENTS wanted— Best "Life of McKlnley" i
and Christmas books; 75 per cent discount: |
outfit free; freight paid: credit given; valu- I
able premium: our agents get $200 in gold for
• hristmas. HENRY NEIL, 323 Dearborn St..
Chicago. 111.
$5 TO $10 per day easily made selling our cel-
ebrated perfection flavoring powders: no alco-
hol; no adulteration; pure, fresh and strong:
agents wanted in every locality. LONG
BROS., manufacturers. 3985 Howe St.. Oak-
land. CaL
ASI'IIALTIiM HOOFING.
J. PELTl_R7~asphali roofing, sidewalks re- ,
paired; postal. 11S6 Mission; tel. Folsom 2477. !
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free divorces private; bankruptcy ;col-
)ections;at_.chments;mortgage&; bills of sale:
partnershii>s:deeds;wills drawn ;fees low;open
rt-f'i. THUP.STON. lOCS'* Mkt.. r. 4. opp. sth.
ADVICE free— Divorces a specialty: quick; ,
quiet, no charge without success; collections, ;
wills deeds, etc., prepared; charge low; estb.
16 y»ars. Atty G. W. HOWE. 850 Market at. '
COLUMBIAN Law and Collection Agency, sixth
floor, Sl6 Market — Legal business of all kinds '
solicited; advice free; able body of attorneys.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. 927 Market St.. opp. Mason. ,
L. fe. CLARK. Emma Spreckel* bldg.. 927 Mar- ,
ket st. ; consultation free: no fees in advance.
BICYCLES — For Sale or Exchange.
GOOD eecond-h&nd bicycles for sale $5 up;
send for bargain list. LB-AVITT _ BILL.
309 Larkin st.
»^— — »^^ — — — ;
BOARDING FOR CHILDREN.
MOTHER'S care and good home for two or
three children; low terms. I*o7 California si. '
ROOKS — NEW AND OLD.
_^ ( _^ __^ j
I3OOKS of every kind bought. Tel. Red 2956.
HOLMES BOOK CO.. TO4-70(i-70S Mission St.
PL REACT THINKS.
TRUNKS of every description at bedrock
prices. Factory and salesroom 526 Howard. I
BUSINESS CHANCES.
A— s3soo; SALOON, with mercantile lunch: net
reut $50; ijiaee established tor 30 years: in :
best wait of the wholesale district: owner
never cleared less than $400 per month. Par-
ticulars R. G. WILKE. 26V4 Keamy st. 1
$1000; SALOON in wholesale district; kept
by present owner lor 20 years: clearing above
417 i per mouth; owner engaged in other en-
terprlses. Call R. G. WILKE. 26^. Keamy st.
— COFFEE saloon and chou house on East ;
St.; price J1G&0; rent $S0; water free; clearing
at leatt $300 month; finest chance In this '
litie. Call R. G. WiLKE. 26V4 Kearny st.
A— 51200; PARTNER wanted in one of the best :
laying comer saloons of Oakland; place i
clearing above Ml per month; owner engaged '
otherwise; need trustworthy man. Call R. ;
G. WILKE. 2li>* Kearny st.
A— $1000; BAKERY on Market St. ; low rent: 5 :
years' lease; 4 living room*; baking 3 barrels
ljer day; most store trade; owner cleared $1500
the last 5 months. Call R. G. WILKE. 26V4
Kearnj st.
5400; CORNER grocery and bar; living rooms;
cheap rent; best part of the Mission: see and '
make an offer. It. G. WILICE. 2G ; Kearny. I
A— 51600; CORNER grocery and bar. doing a j
large cash business; splendid bar trade: rent I
J_; sickness of wile only cause of sale. See
K. a WILKIC. 26V4 _•— y st. j
A-$l2H>; BAKERY and restaurant: established
for years: dolr.g a llrst-olass paying business. |
Call R. G. WILKE. 26^j Kearny st. j
IB*; DELICACY — 1 pork store, with *! !
living rooms; rent $14; business established i
year* and clearing above $100 per month. Call :
R. O. WII.Ki:. 26V, Kearr. et. \
$300— CIGAR store; clubroom In rear: location j
th» beet; south of Market St.: established for i
years; doing good business; party must sell; '
going East. STENBERG CO.. 759 Market st. I
ItMM MM $uoo j
CENTRAL CIGAR STAND.
I>nt block. Market st.
Daily sales average over is2s.
Kle_ant nttinrs.
Real purchasers invited to investigate.
The chance at the season
for first-class stand.
BTEXBERO CO.. 759 Market St. i
A— MERCHANTS. ATTENTION! I
Do you want to sell your business, or do you
wart a partner for a legitimate business? We '
ran sell your business or secure a partner i
quirkly and without publicity: money • ad- i
\pnoed. WILLIAMS. VIERECK & CO.. I
Rooms 3 and 4. 1104 Market St.. cor. Mason.
PARTNER in saloon; »i"l clear $100 a '
month to each. STRAND _ CO.. 209 Kearr.y.
5375— RESTAURANT: Market St.: receipts $39 |
day; a rare chance. STRAND & CO.. 209 j
Kearr.y ft.
$200— PARTNER: commission business; clear* [
?75 month to each. STRAND & CO.. Kearny. j
A— CIGAR stands. Cigar stands. Cigar stands. •
I now have over 30 of the best money-making j
stands in thn city: prices from $100 to $1200:
before buying it will certainly pay you to call !
on C. L. HEDGES. 461 and 462 Parrott bldg.
J2oo— PARTNER wanted In good paying busi-
ness; satisfied with $16 or $18 a week: call i
and Investigate. Room 14. SSS Market st.
GROCERY and bar: 3 living rooms; bears full
Investigation. Call at 325 Market St.. room 14.
ICOTION store, $200 and up; cigar stands for
rent. $10, Third St.; grocery and bars; gro-
cery stores, s-aiooas, bar and rooming-house
and lodging-houses. DECKER, 921 Market Bt.
WE have bargains in ail kinds of business; see !
us first. 927 Market St.. room 208. !
A— $0300: OIL route; good money maker; bears '
investigation. Apply 927 Market St.. room 208. ¦
A-J200; PARTNERSHIP: good money-makeT
for a hustler: we have others up to $2000. 927
Market St.. room 2CB.
VERY profitable restaurant near foot Mar- '
ket st.; will be sold at a ridiculously low
figure. Ask HEDGES. 401-462 Parrott bldg.
A-DELICACY store in first-class running
der; sna;, MITCHELL & CO.. 1206 Market.
A— CIGAR store for $75; worth" $150; must be
sold to-day. Apply at 245 Third st.
I HAVE buyers waiting; list your business with
me. I guarantee to sell. 921 Market.
FIRST-CLASS candy f acton" in thriving inter-
ior town; splendid investment. Box 1884, Call.
FOR eale at a bargain— A splendid drug busl-
ness in a thriving San Joaquln Valley town-
owner leaving country; $1000 cash balance to
be secured. JACOB CLARK & CO., Fresno
¦Cal. *¦
PARTNER wanted— Splendid paying restau-
rant: owner has other interests. Apply 217
Sixth st.
BIG money in copper mining; come In on the
ground floor; want more money to work 500
acres copper land. Box 1975. Call office.
LD- ESTABLISHED corner grocery and
bar; good bar trade; fine location. Apply 300
Hayes st. ,
COOO— SALOON on Market st; receipts $30 per
day; full investigation solicited; agents need
not apply. Box 1520. Call office.
FOR Saloon, with 8 furnished rooms up-
«talra; half block from ferry. 45 Sacramento.
PARTNER to open oyster and chop htmse with
Hi no fakers. Box 18SC. Call office.
BUSINESS CHANCES— Conttnqed.
SHARES of the Twentieth Century Laundry
are being sold very rapidly; those wishing for
stock should procure them immediately as
there are only a limited number of them for
sale: these shares are appreciated because
'they have value behind them; they will earn
" for you SO to 35 per cent. Call or write for
full information. Address
THE AMERICAN GUARANTY & TRUST CO..
Fiscal Agents,
¦ 32S Montgomery at.
A .* 7.
MARION GRIFFIN. 719 Market, nr. Call bdg.
Delicatessen; in nice neighborhood $J5O I
Candy store on Ellis st 350 1
Cigar store; n. of Market; rent $25 375
Butcher shop: sales average $100 a day.
Home bakery; dally sales $20; rent $25 700
FINE business opportunity; a rare chance to
purchase a good-paying business; fine loca-
tion; good reasons for selling. • Call 357
Twelfth et.. Oakland.
REAL estate business: best location Oakland:
sacrifice: owners leaving city. Call before
Tuesday at 911 Broadway.
NOTICE to furniture dealers— A first-class
dentist wishes to exchange dental work for
furniture. Address box 1517, Call office.
$400— ESTABLISHED blacksmith shop for sale; I
good business of 20 years' standing. App.y
1501 Folsom st.: easy terms.
RESTAURANT for sale: $1000; cleared $1500
• past year; $500 cash; balance monthly. In-
quire of JOHN VAN ARSDALE, 438 Sixth St.
CIGAR store, very good corner, at a bargain.
Call at 935 Market St.. room 14.
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
ALL N S— C ALL FOR LIST. "~ ~
8 rooms; on Mission $275
9 rooms; fine corner 325
24 rooms: the best 3000 j
12 rooms; large yard -•.. 1500 j
40 rooms; boarding 4500 j
IT rooms; fine corner — '. 1350 :
60 rooms; apartment house 4200 I
7-room flat on McAllister st 225 |
MONEY TO LOAN ON ANY HOUSE.
8 rooms; fine yard 350 i
10-room house; fine location 425
24 rooms; on Geary st 1900 j
16 rooms; transient; only $400 cash 750 j
100 rooms; clears $350; payments to suit... 6000 ;
8 rooms; flat: near City Hall 350 i
18 rooms; on Sixth st.; clears $S0 800 |
24 rooms; on Market st. : clears $150 1600
10 rooms; on Mason St.; new 760
32 rooms: offices; clears $250 3500
21 rooms: $600 cash, balance payments 1250
ABSTRACTS FREE WITH EVERY HOUSE.
FRENCH SPOKEN.
H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market; tel. Mint. 756. I
Near the Call Building j
MARION GRIFFIN, 719 Market street.
Tel. Black l-S-0-3. 1
40 r. ; downtown: clears $160 month... $2000 j
29 r. ; 3 blocks of Market: clears $120 mo.. 1400 j
12 r. ; nice cor.; sunny: nr. City Hall 650 ]
17 r. ; rent $40; free water; a snap 250 i
38 r. ; on Market st. ; rent $50; clears $61.. 14<W '
79 r. ; big business N. Market: rent $210.. 3600 i
14 r. ; clean; respectable; near corner of
Ellis _ Larkin; rent only $50; clears $76 1050 }
100 r.; hotel in city: clears $500 a month.... 9000 j
26 r. ; on Market; rent $60; sunny house.. 1000 j
1 r. : rent $30; central: see this house.... 450 !
50 r. ; hotel; bonton; clears $3voo yearly... 6000 '
56 r. ; apartments: big dining-room not used; j
uew carpets: rent $175: clears $ISO mo.. 4000'
20 r. : new carpets: rent $53; a clear profit
of $41 a month; 2 nice bath rooms 700 I
40 r. ; fine; full of steady roomers 4000 |
A FEW SAMPLES OF OUR LARGE LIST:
Any of the following on monthly payments: ;
5 rooms; well furnished $400 j
18 rooms: on Ellis; a bargain 1500 I
17 rooms; $:iOO can remain; clears $S5 500 \
3 rooms': grand transient location 2200 i
25 rooms; good location, clears $150 12t0 ;
21 rooms; corner; part cash 1500 j
28 rooms; piano, clears fOu; payments 100 i
98 rooms, grand corner; clean $600 5950 j
40 rooms; always rented: sacrifice 1250 j
CALL. WE CAN SUIT YOU.
18 rooms; respectable; clears $s*o 15C0 j
20 rooms; good location; money maker... 750
MONEY LOANED PHONE JOHN 631 '¦
A. H. RETSLOFF. 906 Market St. i
A. CAMERON & CO..
850 Market st. and 8 Stockton it.
Rooms 21. 22 and 23. Phone Bush 328.
See our list of bargains. ,
24 r. ; rent IB; good house and loc.; only. sllol
Mr. ; Geary; fine income IuOO I
18 r. ; rent $53; clears $60; good loc SOO j
15 r. : rent MM; NX. cor.; new cleg. furn.. 15uo '
17 r. ; rent **>.'>; Post; good house; pays well.
12 r. ; well fur.; line location; Post 5t.... 800 J
9 r.; rent Mo; good house; Suiter SCO I
7 r. ; rent $35; new fur.; 12 outside brders SCo
6 r. ; rent $40; Eddy ft 250 j
THE DONALD INVESTMENT CO.. \
830 Market st Tel. Davis 31 !
:6: 6 rooms; good income $2,600 i
17 rooms: good transient location 1,500 j
15 rooms; Van l\"ess; good furn 1,400 !
¦ rooms; fine furn.; a nice home 700 |
8 rooms; a bargain 650 |
15 rooms: good; new: clean 1,500 !
36 rooms; line condition; all 'rented.. 1.600 |
19 .cms; modern house; fine furn 2.501 I
21 rooms; well furn.; good Income 2,600 |
18 rooms; pood location; pays well 1,500 t
6 rooms; good furn. and carpets 500 j
WINSTON & WOLF 7 ¦
102 C MARKET STREET, '
.PHOTOGRAPH GALLERY ENTRANCE.. ;
1 rooms, rent $33, near Suiter st $250 :
17 rooms, rent $50, part cash lix/ 0 ;
21 rooms, rent f4.">, reduced to fsso j
2 rooms, rent $40, clears JSS I'M) !
41 rooms, modern. $183, clear prof monthly 3000 •
60 rooms, good corner, rent $95 20v0 i
...MONEY TO LOAN ON ANY HOUSE.... I
McBRIDE _ CO. bare moved to 7U5 Market st.
Some Bargains for To-day:
100-room house $1400
16-room house !HK>
oom house- 600;
10-room house 700 J
14-room boarding-house 1100 j
Great bargain* I:: restaurants, saloons, bake:- '
les, candy, cigar stores, etc. » j
A— ROOMS: Ellis st.; rent $32 50; 0n1y.. 5500 j
16 rooms; good furniture, carpets; only . 725 i
12 rooms; Market st.; rent $40; good house. 550 !
Many more bargains; get our list first.
MITCHELL _ CO.. 1206 Market st.
A— NOTICE— We have- rooming-houses, all sizes ;
and prices, In all Darts of the city; set our
list first. MITCHELL & CO.. ISM Market st. i
M. E. RIVES. 916 Market; Phone Main 128 '
12 room*; housekeeping: rent $fio $650
IS rooms; bay windows; all sunny 1231 '.
26 rooms: central: cheap rent 2300 j
42 rooms; all rented: good Income 4000 i
BUYERS— Before ljuvlng- a house go to j
G. XV. SCHWEINHAKD. s
Phone Mint ML 917 Market St.. opp. Mason. ;
l* can suit you In houses and prices. !
A— WE have a large list of lodging-houses at !
all prices; see 05, we can suit you. 927 Mar- !
ket St.. room 208. J
FINE rooming-house of 15 rooms; all full: good I
location: newly furnished. Call at 935 Market 1
St.. room 14. V _ 1
J6oo— BOARDING-HOUSE; range $ll§; every- A
thin* new; cost $750; a baigain. DECKEIi, •
921 Market, st. j
PAYING l£-ronm bay-window modern house; j
make offer; B. Market. Box 1.V2. Call office. •
' ¦ ' ¦— j
• SPIRITUALISM. |
A— MRS. DR. FARNHAM. ; spiritual medium j
and life reader; mining a specialty; cir. Sun . ,
Wed. and Friday evening. 1035 Market «>t. ;
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance, bus. medium; :
life reader: Medical, clairvoyant: sittings. $1: !
letter. ?2 1164 Farrf.-ll st.; Ellis car.
C. V. Miller, world's famous materializing me- {
•Hum; spirits speak face to face; seance Tut, i
Fr.. Su.. S p. in.. Me. 1804 Bush; p. Larkin 2275. I
A— PROF. GRK. i« Sixth st. -Readings. Me]
and $1; .circle every night except Wed.. 10c. I
GRAND test meeting, nod— dancing, to-night
at 909 Market St.. Crystal Hall; good talent. ,
Mrs. Van Baker's circles Tues. & Friday eves.. :
25c; everybody get a test. 732 Eddy: no sign.
MRS. HUBBARD. 109 Ooak: circle Sun.. Tues.. ''
Frl.. 7:30; Wed.. ladles. 2:30; read, dally, 50c. i
ARNOLD DICKSON, tells everything; 50c. $1; !
full materialization Thurs., Sun. eve. 201 Turk. I
EDWARD EARLF.. 528 Ellis, phone Polk 1601; i
sittings 9:30 to 5; seance Sun. and Thura.
Mrs. Lester. 148 6th. r. 12— Medium, palmist and ]
magnetic healcr:read'gs dally :tel. Howard 1120. }
FRIENDSHIP Hall. 335 McAllister— Mrs. C. J. I
Mover: sittings dally; test to all to-night. 10c. !
CLAIRVOYANTS.
ME. M. BERNARD. "
THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, permanently
located at 17 Third st., next Examiner bldg. She '
reads your life correctly, gives an accurate de- |
scription of the past, reveal* the present hap- |
penings and portrays events to occur in the fu- |
ture. If you are in trouble, discontented, un- I
happy or not satisfied in life, or have domestic. |
love or business troubles, consult this great '
medium and you will be told how to overcome I
them. Valuable advice In all affairs of life;
25c up; satisfaction guaranteed. Tel. Black 4569.
BROOKS. CLAIRVOYANT AND MEDIUM^
; Do you wish' to succeed? Are you making j
a change in business? Are you 111. depressed
or uncertain? Why not seek the. fullest
knowledge that will help you .to succeed?
Letters containing stamp answered. BROOKS,
1206 Market, rms. 34 and 85. cor. Golden Gale.
MRS. DR. F. CLARKE, the well-known trance
medium, is permanently located at 1206 Mar-
ket St., corner Golden Gate aye., rooms 25 and
26; take elevator. Perfect satisfaction guar-
anteed by mall; send stamp for pamphlet
with special terms. Dally and Sunday. •
; A— LINCOLN. CLAIRVOYANT,
_ HIGH PSYCHIST.
The most wonderful clairvoyant on the coast:
he succeeds when others fall; permanently
located at 125 Turk st.; readings by mall.
DAGMAR, the Egyptian, draws aside uncertain
years: if you are In trouble, unhappy or not
satisfied consult Dagmar. the wonder: she will
put you on the right path. 1035 Market, r. 14.
ME. WALTERS, great card reader: ladles 25c
I gents 60c. 951 Mission, nr. 6th; open Sundays,
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,, MONDAY, NOVEMBER 11, 1901.
_ CI^IRVOYANTB--Contlfin<;a. _
ME. AF.NDT.the great clairvoyant, tells pa*t,
future; never falls; has the greatest Egyptian
secret: shows picture future husband or wiie;
fee and up; satisfaction to everybody; open
Sundays; hours 10 to 8 p. m. 215H Sixth st.
IeMAR. the Egyptian Gipsy, clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located 114S Market, op-
posite Sixth; private readings daily, 10 a. m.
•to 5 p. m. Sundays from 10 to 12 a. m.
ME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant _ card
reader, born with double veil— second sight:
diagnoses diseases with life reading: ladles 50c.
gents $1: palm, and clalr. sit. $1 SO. 126 Turk.
PRINCESS ISHMAEL. wonderful astrologlst;
tribe Alohobar from Howan. 100SV4 Market
st.. second floor; hours, 10 a. m. to 9 p. m.
Miss M. Wille. 326 A Ellis, greatest of all crys-
tal seers; reads your life correctly: full names
given; sittings, 60c up; 3 questions by mail $1.
ME. HANSEN, card reader and palmist;
tells past, present and future, 25c. 148 Sixth
¦ st. , room 14. : '
MRS. MALLORY. 917 Howard St., clairvoyant
and spirit card reader; consult me.
PROF. WELLER. clairvoyant, scientific palm-
ist and phrenologist. 1007>.2 Market, near 6th.
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant, card reader: ladies
25c: gents 50c; readings dally. 132 Sixth St.
GYPSY MESMAR. clairvoyant— Tells every-
thing; sure tips on races. 1152 Mission st.
CLAIRVOYANT, card reader, from Louisiana:
only 10c: from 1 to 8. 262 Minna St., nr. 4th.
MRS. MELVILL, well-known clairvoyant, water
reader. 11 6th: German spoken: tel. Jessie 1563.
MRS. B. Baumann. well-known fortune teller,
has removed from 315 O'Farrell to 222 Eddy.
ME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, reader; palmistry;
truth or no pay; 25c. 1149 Mission, over store.
ME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
advice: names given: 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
CARPET BEATING AND CLEANING.
WHEN you become' disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing Works. 353-357 Tehama St.; tel. South 40.
MODEKN Co.; steam cleaning, 3c; laying;
cleaning en floor. Phone Mint 301: 923 Mission.
AMERICAN Carpet-beatinic Cleaning,
8c: renovated: relaid. 104 14th st. ;tel.Capp 2542.
ADVANCE Carpet-cleanlnsr Co.. 402 Sutler st. ;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WAL.COM & CO.. Prop.
RUDOLPH & CO., carpet-beating works; prices'
reasonable.- 17C3 Harrison: tel.' Mission 263. ¦
CONKLIN'S Superior Caroet-cleanlnc Works.
533 Golden Gate aye. ; telephone East 126.
CITY Steam Carpet-beating Works. <;. H.
STEVENS, Mer.. 38-40 Sth st. ; te'.. South 250.
J. E. MITCHELL, Carpet-cleaning and Reno-
vating Co.. 240 Fourteenth st. : tel. Mission 74
CHIROPODISTS.
BUNIONS corns, ingrown nails; painless cure.
DR. DUNCAN. 20« Kearny St.. room 307.
CORNS, bunions. Ingrown nails removed with-
out pain. Dr. E. Menor. 6 Eddy st.. room 105.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency— No "charge" un-
less successful. Room 310. 927 Market st.
COLUMBIAN Law and Collection Agency, room
So, 916 Market. Advice free: tel. Red 5211.
COTTAGES TO LET.
NEW modern cottase 6 rooms; bath.,' large 1
yard, basement. 209 Hartford St.: no sign.
NEAT new 5 rooms and bath: bay window cot-
tage; nice location. 122? Cortland aye.: $10.
DENTISTS.
A— DR. T. S. HIGGINS. 927 Market St.. Emma j
Spreckels bldg.— Painless dentistry at reason- 1
able prices; pure gold fillings, »l 50: other fill- !
ings. $1; Kold and porcelain crowns, 15 up; |
plates, a full set of teeth that look natural I
and guaranteed. $5 up.
Painless extraction.
1 do first-class work only and guarantee It.
EIGHT prizes for best crowns. . plates, bridges I
and fillings, extractions or fillings by my i
wonderful secret, painless method; 20 years' !
txperlence; no students: advice free; prices !
cheapest and guaranteed; lady attendants. i
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell st.
ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. 809 Market., cor.
4th. rm. 7. Flood bldg.. extractions done pain-
lessly: teeth without plates our specialty: gold ¦
crowns. 13 59 up;- plates, extractions free. $4 30
up; office hours. 9 a. m. to 9 p. m.: Sundays. |
9 to 2. J. W. THATCHER. D.D. S.. manager. |
A— NEW unbreakable plate, the Rose Pearl. \
warranted for 20 years; crowns, $3 50; fillings. '
Eoe; plates, $5. full set; all work painless and ¦
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth. ;
LOWEST prices hi S. F. : painless extraction. 1
50c. N. Y. Dentists, 969 Mission, SE. cor. 6th. :
PARIS Dental Parlors. 235 Kearny, cor. Bash- j
Full set of teeth, $4; crowns, $3; fillings, 20c. !
YOU can save 40 per cent on dental work by !
going to DR. BROWN. 54 Sixth St.
AT Ideal Dental Co.. G Eddy St.— Work done i
in weekly Installments: lowest rates.
SET of teeth without plate. DR. H. G. !
YOUNG. ISU Polk st.
DP..R L.WALSH. Sl. r »*i Geary.nr.La'rkin— Pain- !
less extraction 50c:plates $5 up;phone Polk 1135. '
DR. H. G. TRUMAN, dentist, third floor. Ex- j
amlner building: formerly in Murphy » bldg. i
DETECTIVE AGENCIES. i
INVESTIGATIONS, civil and criminal ; reliable I
and efficient work guaranteed. Address I).
IT- Vj>«- 9 T..">vA-.ivrrt!l St
DOG HOSPITALS. |
DR. CREEL Y'S C. P. dor. soap by druggists !
or nt th» Hospital. '10 Golden Oat» av°. !
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES j
MCDOWELL 'Dressmaking _ Millinery School— j
Class rates: patterns cut. 101) Market st. . j
FRENCH accordion and knife pleating. WM. !
PtI.C.KR. 121 Post, over O'Connor & Mnffatt..'
,-_—-_— —-_——-_ —————— —————— ——-_—— --———— . 1
EDUCATIONAL. . !
HEALD'S i SHOOL^CW : 3^__Cl < RiCA_ i i! ENtil- i
NEERING— Theory, demonstration, construc-
1 tion; laboratory and shop work: thoroughly
practical; day and night. 24 Post _t., S. P.;
i Rtalosue free.
AYRES' Leading Business College, 723 Market— i
53 per month; $50 life scholarship guarantees a j
complete business . education": shorthand, typ- 1
Ing, bookkeeping, arithmetic, penmanship, f
»p^lllng. Spanish, etc.; experienced • teachers; !
new typewriters: positions secured; cat. free. I
HEALD'S SCHOOL OF MINKS. 21 POST ST.. j
S. F— Thorough courses; complete equipment; I
all subjects pertaining to mining and mining;
engineering; day and night . catalogue free. ]
A— The official reporters of theSupremeCourt ad-
vise their friends to attend the GALLAGHER- '
MARSH COLLEGE. Is this advice worth lol-
lowing-? Life scholarship $C 0; catalogue.
A— THE 'LYCKIIM, an accredited preparatory
pchool for the university, law and medical col.
leges; references. ! President Jordan or. any ',
Stanford professor. Phelan building.
CALIFORNIA Business College; most thorough '
modern methods: position* for all graduate*; .
new tXi-pai,e catalogue free. 305 Larkin st. .
MEHRILL-MILLER College— Shorthand, typ~ '
Ing, practical bookkeeping. Rooms 40-45. Par- |
rott bldg.; Individual Instruction; catalogue. ;
ENGINEERING-Civll. elec. mining, me.ch.sur- 1
vey. assay, cyanide; day. eve.; est. 1564. Van
der Naillen School, 113 Fulton, nr. City Hal!. ;
BOOKKEEPING, figures; the one man who per- i
fects beginners, college graduates & bookkeep- I
ers Is TARR. the expert. 220 Parrolt building. |
A FULL course of Ellis bookkeeping and the ;
Gregg shorthand costs only $60. | San . Fran-
cisco Business College. 1236 Market st.
FIGURES— Nothing like. It for. rapidity; $3. I
TAKR. 220 Parrott bldg., glvm particulars.
VOICE culture; method of Lcmpertl; for con- '
cert, opera. 33. George, S. F. cir., 806 Ellis.
MARY P. WESTHAL'S. piano, mandolin, guitar
lessons, 50c; piano for practice. 33 Fifth at. ,
Leo Cooper's School of Acting. 814 Geary st. •
day and . even, classes ; send . for new circular! I
ENGLISH. , Latin, Mathematics, Literature a I
specialty.- MISS ROULSTON. 776 O'Farrell st.
Chicago Business College. 1435 Market, nr. 10th—
Pitman shorthand, typing, bookkeeping, $6 mo.
VAUDEVILLE School of Acting— Pupils pre-
pared for the stage. 125 Mason st. J
I PROF. L. MERKI. experienced teacher; violin
mandolin, guitar; Juvenile class. 1008 Mission!
ILLUSTRATION-?PARTINGTON'S DAY and
ILLUSTRATION-nlght class. , 424 Pine St.
HEALD'S Business College. 24 Post Bt S F-
founded 1863; new 80-page catalogue free." '*
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing
etc. : .'.ay or eve. ; $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th!
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
A— JAPANESE reliable housecleaning
cooks and waiters j furnished at short notice
George Kinochlta, 783' Haight; tel. Fell 5046*
br'ch 605 Stevenson, cor. 7th; tel. Folsom 2711.'
JAPANESE and Chinese help of all kinds-
cook?, waiters and house servants. GEo'
AOKI & CO.. 421 Post St.; tel. Bush 135. "
CHINESE and Japanese - Employment Office
Best help. ¦ 4114 O'Farrell st.; tel. East 426.
CHINESE Employment ! Office— I kinns lof
! help furnished. 439 - Bush st.; tel. James 1601.
JAPANESE Intelligence Office— Furnish most
reliable help. 624 Bush St.; tel. Bush 516. .
ORPHEUM Employment Japanese. Chl-
nese help. 426 Powell, nr. Sutter;tel. Black 5072
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
! flee; all kinds help. , 315 Stockton; Main 5188.
¦___W______*_l^_ajPs_g_N-Eo__a__g-l*-« -. i
EMPLOYMENT WANTED— FEMALE.
MIDDLE-AGED woman wants place, clt_l» or
country, In a small family of grown people:
wages from $12 to $15 a month. 190 Shipley
St.. near~Flfth. •¦¦'¦ :
ELDERLY woman wants position as first-class
American cook; thorough' housekeeper; clean
, and careful; city reference. 611 Bryant st.,
near Third. : '
GERMAN woman wants work by the* day
washing, ironing or housecleaning, $1 per day
and car. fare. S L., 4. Elizabeth place, orf
Folsom st, bet. Third and Fourth. .
STRONG, good, willing woman; a great house-:
cleaner, and can do most any kind of work: 1 ,
good references; wages $1 per day and . car
tare ; good washer of flannels. 760 A Howard.
RESPECTABLE girl wants general housework
' and plain cooking. Please call at 422 Tehama
st., near Fifth. ' . ,•
RELIABLE woman will do housecleaning or
washing by the day. ISA Oak Grove aye., off
Harrison St., between Fifth and Sixth.
WOMAN wishes position as working house-
keeper or lady's nurse 535 Howard St., down-
stairs. . , . ' .
COMPETENT German cook wishes situation;
good city references. 1259 O'Farrell, Y. L.
C. A. building. ¦ ¦ i . ,'; '
YOUNG Swedish girl wishes to do general
housework in small American family. Please
call at 249 Seventh st. » '
WASHING or housework by the day by expe-
rienced, reliable woman. Box 1876, Call. " \
YOUNG girl wishes a situation as waitress or
clerk In store. ; Call at 733 Folsom st. ¦
WOMAN wants situation at housework; good
cook; wages no less than $25. 204 Van Ness.
FIRST-CLASS lad'v 1 stenographer and type-
writer, ten years' experience, | wishes posi-
tion: best Eastern references: no objection to
country. Address box 1503. Call office. j
FIRST-CLASS seamstress desires situation in
private family; $25 to $30 per month; former
occupation, dressmaker. Apply 3002 Callfor-
nia st., tel. Baker 749. :
CHAMBERWORK wanted by a young lady.
1667 Mission , st. -. .' .- '
DRESSMAKER from New York wants en-
gagements, in families; tallormade and beau-
tiful gowns. -523 Sutter St.. lower flat.
GERMAN woman wants position as cook;
wages $25 to $35: country preferred. 335 Sixth
*t^lnqulre In the shop.
REFINED, respectable woman desires to care I
lor invalid or sick room: can give 4>od refer- i
ences. Address P. O. box 118. Vallejo, Cal.
JAPANESE young girl, good experience, to do !
cooking and housework. Please call at 333 j
Eddy st. -.-, .
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St.. near Mar- I
ket— 2oo rooms: 25c to ?1 50 per night: $160 to
J6 week: convenient and respectable; free
'bus and baggage to and from ferry. ;
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1036
Valencia st. n
' EMPLOYMENT WANTED MALE.
STRICTLY sober man, 29. speaks and writes i
German and English, wishes position as at-
. tendant, driving delivery wagon, soliciting or |
any other position; Al references. Box 1952, ;
Call office. I
PAPERHANGER and painter wants work; has !
a complete outfit of tools. 1302 Webster St.; :
tel. Jackson 1321. -
CARPENTER, a good mechanic, wishes- a
steady position with real estate firm, corpora-
lion, factory, or private party by the week
or month: can give Al reference. Box 1967,
Call office. ¦ _ ...
YOUNG married man, sober and industrious,
with several years' experience. 'wants situa-
tion In wholesale liquor house as cellar man; !
good all-round man: good references. Address
E. M.. 673 Geary st. ¦ >
WANTED— By sober. Industrious and reliable :
man, a position as clerk in grocery store in I
Oakland or San Francisco; no experience: I
' small wages to begin; references. Address I
A. 8.. £64 Thirty-filth St.. Oakland.
EMPLOYMENT wanted by middle-aged man. !
honest, sober, willing, as porter. Janitor or '
any other kind of work. Address box ISO 2. j
Call. - ,
ATTENDANT nurse and masseur for private i
party, hosDltal or sanitarium; sober,, relia- j
¦te and willing; best references; no objection j
to traveling. Address Nurse, box 1798, Call. :
GENTLEMAN, good appearance, wishes any
kind of steady evening or Sunday employ- I
ment, or during holidays; best references, i
Box 1891, Call office. \
WANTED — Pcsttion as ranch foreman by young i
man (single); experienced In all kinds agri- ;
cultural work; good references. Address S. F. j
• Call agency. San Jose, Cal. |
YOUNG man wants position private place or i
ranch: plain gardener; handy with tools; i
pood driver; can milk; references given. Ad- .
dress L. M.. box 1603, Call office. \
GERMAN married man wants to get a place
as janitor in city or country: can give the i
best of California references. Winchester j
Hotel, room 611. j
A YOUNG man, 23, strong, sober, German, j
would like to learn the plumbers' trade with '
a good contractor. A. 8., box 1594, Call. j
GARDENER, first class, competent and re- i
liable, wishes situation. Please address box !
1972, Call office. • _
COMPETENT engineer, marine license, wishes '
employment in city: can handle anything In I
the line. Address box ISS2. Call office. '
WANTED— Position by stationary or donkey I
engineer: city or country; references. Box >
1504, Call office. .
EXPERIENCED man wants a Job as night or, ;
day watchman; the best references; give also
bonds If. necessary. Address L. F., 567 Sixth. !
YOUNG man wishes a position at office work; :
Is good at figures. Address 1648 Russ st.
POSITION in grocery store, experienced, by I
clerk. Address box ISS6, Call office.
SOBER cook wants a situation In the country. ¦
13C1 Santa Clara five.. Alameda. j
YOUNG Japanese boy wants position as school !
boy. M. SAWA, 1010 Pine st. j
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and I
subscriptions has been established a; 1095
Valencia st.
CLASSIFIED naAerflj-emenM and subscriptions '
rerelve<» u> Cj,n hranrh offtr-. f?2ofl Fin „,,,,.„ •• :
EXCHANGE.
A GOOD country hotel; leased 5 years at $600 a
' year: mortgage J3500, at 9 per cent; price ;
$8500; equity to exchange for bay property. !
SCHWEINHAKD. 917 Market St.. op. Mason.
WILL give violin for typewriter. Address box j
' _1574. _ Call office. j
FINANCIAL.
PACIFIC (.cast Underwriting Co. tine.;— We j
have 42 o:fices m operation; new method of
placing stocks «nd bonds; companies Incor-
porated; ttcckK and bonds underwritten. Call
or address main office. 507-S-9 Parrott bldg.
COMPANIES promoted and financed, stock I
taken in payment for services: good mining ;
«tn<l Industrial propositions wanted: gold
bonds fuipK-hed PACIFIC STATES MINING i
AND INVESTMENT CO.. 326 Post st.
FLATS TO LET.
FLAT to let. 5 rooms. 724 Harrison at., be-
¦ tween Third and Fourth. •
O'FARRELL, 1933— Modern flat, 6 rooms, hath,
basement, yard; reasonable to good tenant.
SUNNY corner lower- flat. 7 rooms, bath: desir-
able; rent $32 CO, with water. 1800 O'Farrell.
$S— SUNNY flat" 3 rooms. 1326 Jessie *t., off
Hermann, near Valencia and Market.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year . for $1.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
4 ROOMS furnished in oak, $48 80. with No. 7
range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
FURNITURE WANTED.
WILSON buys all kinds of household goods.
1710 Market; tel. South 413.
10.000 YARDS old carpets wanted. - D. GREEN-
WALT. 708 Valencia St.; tel. Church 1186.
A. WOLLPERT. 773 Mission St., pays highest
price for second-hand furniture; tel. Red 1304. '
A. L. STORRS. 634 Ellis st.; telephone Lark'.n
2782; highest price paid for furniture, carpets.
TEL. Jessie 761 before * selling furniture, car-
pets, pianos, etc. CHAS. LEVY. 1135 Market
FRAMES AND PICTURES.
CLYDE L. KELLER. 128-130 HayesT n'r~V.Ness
—Best work and lowest prices west Chicago.
, "'" ~ - GLOVES. ';
D - & F. new »i glove, retailed at factory price;
. warranted; kept In repair. 121 Grant aye.
~ ~~-fS__*-'. WAJVTEp— FEMALE.
WANTED— Monday ' morning, a ; large number
01 cooks, second girls, laundresses, waitresses
""^."•¦houseglrla,. at going wages.! J. f!
_g__gETT & CO.. new number. 334 Sutter st.
G^^ Bl n' ?r? r woman »jp asslat in general" houae-
work; 2 In v family; i bring • reference; good
Gri?k st Parly Call Monday. 830 Brod-
f wo T rk < ? £! rl Or w " man to lt * nt general house-
above c£«fr * 15 ' APP ' y M 1 Elizabeth «••
above Caatro. ¦-..¦ 
HELP _ WAyTEjP—FESIALE— Con.
A— MRS. M. E. DAY & CO. . . .Phone Main 1575
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
6 waitresses, . country hotels. $20 and $25; 12
waitresses, city hotels. $20 and $25: 2 cham-
bermaids to wait $25
FAMILY DEPARTMENT
3 cooks, $30: housegirl. no wash, small Amer-
ican family, $30; German ranch cook. $25;
ranch cook. $20; second girl. $25: middle-aged
second girl. 2 In family, $20; young girl to
assist very light housework. $15. sleep home.
MRS. M. E. DAY _ CO 333 Geary st.
A— HAIRDRESSING taught thoroughly In 2
weeks: manicuring, electrical face massage,
face steaming, electrical rolling, cupping,
shampooing. scalp treatment. singeing,
bleaching and dyeing; entire course $5; every-
thing furnished while learning: positions posi-
tively guaranteed;- 3 good positions in fine
stores now open for those entering immediate-
ly; day and evening classes. S.- F. HAIR-
DRESSING COLLEGE, 233 Geary St.. rm. 13.
MACHINE operators at LEVI STRAUSS &
CO.'S overall factory, 321. Fremont st. ; good
wages; no experience necessary; steady work.
Apply MR. DAVIS.
LADIES— Learn 20th century profession for wo-
men; we teach hairdresslng, shampooing,
manicuring, face steaming and massage, elec-
trical rolling, cupping, bleaching; latest meth-
ods; thorough lnstruc; everything furn.; day,
eve, classes; 3 weeks' course, $5. 727 Bush at.
EXPERIENCED operators on fancy and neg-
ligee shirts: also a few bright girls about li
years of age for instruction; paid while learn-
ing. Standard Shirt Factory, corner Gough
and Grove 6ts. , /
YOUNG girl for chamber work and assist in
dining-room; $20. Potrero Hotel, 301 Twenty-
second st.
COMPETENT young girl for general house-
work; wages $20. Call after 10 a. m. at 2826
Howard st. ; references. :
WANTED— SO ladles for Tivoll chorus; must
be young and of good appearance. Apply at
theater to-day between 10 and 12.
PANTS finishers; steady work. 858 Howard St..
bet. . Fourth and Fifth, over handball court.
WANTED— for housework. 504 Steiner at.,
near Oak.
WANTED— GirI for general housework; refer-
ences. 1856 Ellis st.
IRONERS and operators, $5 to $6 to beginners
per week. National Laundry Co.. 411 Sanchez.
GIRL wanted to assist In light housework.
1227 Golden Gate aye.
NEAT girl for general housework; small fam-
ily; references. 2416 Pine st.
HELPERS at dressmaking wanted. 208 Kearny
street.
GIRL for housework and to assist In kitchen;
wages $20. 19168 Powell st.
NEAT young girl for upstairs work and sew-
lng; wegea $20. 2520 Vallejo st.
FIRST-CLASS button-hole maker on coals;
steady work. 10V4 Sixth st.
YOUNG girl to assist; very light housework;
Sundays off. 2754 Twenty-third St. .
GOOD waitress wanted. 521 Kearny st.
I LADY typesetter wanted. Address box IS7I.
¦ Call office.
GIRL for light housework. Apply 1134 Turk St.
WANTED— girl for boarding-house.
1 Clay st.
WANTED— Young woman for light housework
and plain cooking; 2 In family. 716 Franklin.
GOOD strong girl for. general housework; plain
cooking. Call i.22 Third st.
GOOD girl for general housework and cooking; 1
1 2 in family. Call 9 to 12. 1705 Gough st.
GIRL for general housework; no cooking; $15;
references. 1620 Pine st. .
GIRL for general housework and cooking. 1316 I
Ellis st.; call until 1 o'clock.
WANTED— restaurant waitress; \s7 a
week. 7 Taylor st.
WAITRESS wanted. 422 Sixth st.
WANTED — Experienced lady cashiers and !
wrappers. Apply at HALE BROS.', before 11 i
a. . m. j
WANTED— Experienced , dry goods wrapper. :
Apply at HALE BROS.' before 11 a. m. |
WANTED at once. 2 experienced lady can- I
vassers on commission. Ar-i>ly at 1727 Mar-
ket St., between 12 and 1 -o'clock, Monday, '
November 11.
— Operators to work on fronts of neg- I
ligee and cclf shirts. Apply THE L. EL- |
KUS CO.. 29 and 31 Battery st.
FIRST-CLASS talloretß wanted for the coun . f
try. Apply to STEIN, SIMON & CO., corner '
Second and Market sts. j
EXPERIENCED cutter on ladies* waists; ;
state experience and where last employed. j
Apply box 1545. Carll office.
EXPERIENCED cutter who understands cut-
ting of ladies' wear; good position to right 1
party. Apply box 1332, Call office. . 1
I'IKST -CLAPS buttonhole maker. BELASCO I
& HARRIS CO.. 541 Market st. j
FIRST-CLASS saleswoman to travel for whole- ¦
sale horse. Box U29. Call.
EXPERIENCED hands and apprentices on
men's neckwear. I* fanner & Son. 518 Mrkt.
OPERATORS wanted on children's tailor-n.ade -
coats. 656 Mission Ft., fourth floor.
OPERATORS on ladies' waists. 656 Mission |
st., fourth floor. . ' '- j
OPERATORS on ladies' wrappers. 606 Mission 1
St.. fourth floor. j
OPERATORS on ladies' and children's wear. \
656 Mission St., fourth floor.
£5 GIRLS wanted to learn to operate: raid
while learning. 656 Mission st.. fourth floor.* •
WANTED— Advanced 'apprentice on coats; '
good pay. 20$ Sutter st.
WANTED— GirIs for military tailoring; good
wages; steady work. ¦ 2912 Lyon st.
GOOD girl wanted to feed cylinder press. My-
. sell-Rollins Co., 22 Clay st.
YOUNG woman for concert hall: none under 18
need apply. .r.25'/_. r .25'/_ Pacific st.
APPRENTICES to learn tailoring; paid while !
learning. Belasco & Harris Co.. 541 Market.
WANTED— First-class waist, skirt and clous ;
hands. Apply 1200 Geary st.
WANTED — Women for light work on fruit. !
1731 Folsom st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions !
received at Call branch office. SOU Flll.-nore .»t. |
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements arid :
subscriptions has been established at 1096 i
Valencia st. -' < I
HELP WANTED— M
MURRAY _ READY. '..... Phone Main SS4S
Leading; Employment and Labor Agents
Office Open 7. a. m. Monday 1
[> laborers tor a gold mine, fare $2 50 $00 '¦
10 laborers, quartz mine... .'. $75!
5 muckers, gold mine $,*>7 50 and found I
10 laborers, near city .$52 ,
1(> laborers, quarry »60 :
27 laborers for other Jobs; blacksmith helper
lor camp. }2 day; blacksmith, country *h->n;
handy man to look alter tenement house: It '
Hoikmakerß. to make basalt blocks, see boss
here; 10 4-horse teamsters, country. $67 50; 5 |
2- horse, teamsters, fare $2 -25, $60; 12 farmers. ,
$26;. 5 plow teamsters, 430; 3 butter makers; \
14 milkers: 6 stablemen, buggy wash, rs and
hostlers; choremen and choreboys; cl.orenian .
tor, private- family on ranch, $25 and found: >
beer bottler, country. $52 ,
HOTELS, ETC '¦
10 cooks, hotels and restaurants, city md ;
country; 15 waiters,- city and country, $25. $30, I
$35. and $40 and found: 12 dishwashers and
kitchen hands, and others !
MURRAY & READY .634-636 Clay st. j
AT W. D. EWER & CO., 610 Clay St. .-
Farmer and wife, orchard. Santa Clara.. ..$4O '.
Married farmer, orchard, near city. .s4s to $50
; Farmer.' vineyard, steady p1ace.... 530 to $37 50
2 primers, vineyard, long job $30 ,
Butter maker, milk and chores $30 .
Choreman and milk, steady ...'..523
Laborer for gravel mine ..'....52 a day
.' Blacksmith and ranch work.... .Jit) !
Tinsmith, short job, near clty..sl 25 day _ fd
Second baker, country shop $35 and found '
First and second cooks, bay boat.. s4o and $25 >
. Cook,' small restaurant, city — $35 and room }
Clerk for country store $50 to $60 I
• Laborers for ditch, fare reduced $2 25 day j
Drillers for ditch, fare reduced $2 50 day 1
Teamsters, scraper for ditch...'.:... ..52 25 day |
RESTAURANT baker. $40; restaurant cook. !
$35; boarding-house cook, country, $10; hotel 1
waiter, country; restaurant waiters, $40; dish- j
washers and others. J. F. CROSETT & CO.. !
628 Sacramento st. • ' |
METALLURGIST to take charge of 50-ton ¦
smelter, $300; 2 single-hand miners, $2 day i
and board ; ¦ 10 laborers for brickyard, ' $1 75;
laborers for quarry. $2 day; 3 teamsters, $55 to
$70 and $1 25 day and board; powder man for
. quarry; 2 setters for mill. $60 and $75. month; ;
old choreman. $10 and found: 2 machinists. •
$3 day. and many others. J. ,F. CROSETT 1
& CO.. 623 Sacramento st.
ANDRE'S office. 316 Stockton St.— Fry cook,
¦ $60; cook, country. $50; waiters, $35 to $45;
dishwasher, $6 a week; shoemaker; boy, $3 SO
a week: young man, for Institution, $20; Ger-
man to help in barroom, $20; butler, $40. etc. :
A— FOUR first-class waiters, different country :
hotels.. $25 and: $35.. :....;..;„:
MRS. M. E. DAY _ .C 0.'.. .....335 Geary st.
WANTED— Steady, reliable man with 1100 for a
¦ plain every day business; will pay $60 to $65 a
month; experience not required; place perma- ,
• nent. r Apply at 763 Market st., room 3. ; .;. -. j
GOOD sober ' man as . partner. commission busi-
; ness: $75. required: this Is no fake;. come and
cc. FARSHMAN.' 88 Third at., room 2. I
HELP WANTED—MALE— Cob. .
WANTED— Apprentice to finish the barber
. trade; one who has served a short time; neat
young man. Box 1875. Call office. _____
WANTED— A neat boy in a merchant tailor's
store. 103 Powell st. ¦ ¦ ,
ERRAND boy, $3 per week. Apply 126 Kearny
st., room 1. . ¦ '
WANTED— Bedmaker at Baldwin House. 30
Ellis St., $35 and room. |
UNION barber for Monday noon. Saturday noon
and Sunday; good wages. 511 Castro st.
YOUNG man to take orders and cut meat. 3329
Sacramento st.
SHOEMAKER- wanted on repairing at 2082 Fol-
som st. - .. ¦ ——
PORTER wanted at 39tx Turk st.
GOOD plumber wanted this morning. 3271
Mission ¦ st. ' . *
GOOD bootblack wanted. 1340 Market St., op-
posite Seventh. '
BOY wanted, butcher shop: care of horse and
drive wagon. WILSON Market, 377 Sixteenth.
WANTED— Dishwasher at 125 Seventh st.
BOY to help a plumber; experience necessary.
¦ 1017 Folsom st. |
BOY to work in a picture store. JONES &
CO.. 704 Larkin st. (
MAN to work around place. 1448 Harrison st.
ADVERTISING solicitor on Winchester House
register. Apply after 7 p. m. at office. ;
CIVIL SERVICE Government Positions- 9889
appointments made last year; probably 10,000
this year; only common school education re-
quired for examination; catalcgue of infor-
mation free. Columbian Correspondence Col-
lege. Washington. D. C. -
$750— AN Al business woman wishes elderly
- man for partner In a good paying business:
retail store: Incoming partner handle all the
cash: invoice will be taken: good chance for
a sober, steady man. Call 257 Fourth St., In
cigar store.
WANTED— Reciutts for th« marine corps. U.
S. navy; able-bodied, unmarried men of good
character, between the ages of 21 and 35: not
lets than v feet 4 Inches and not over S feet 1
inch: able to steak and read English. For
further information apply at the Recruiting
• office. 40 Ellis st.. San Francisco. :¦ <-¦¦¦¦
,1000 MEN wanted— Rock drillers, tunnel, brush
and .hovel men to- work on ditch line being
constructed for the Sweepstake Mrnlne Co..
near Weaverville. Trinity Co.. Cal.; apply on
. work; steady work, good board and best
wagea In State.. San Francisco Construction
Co.. it Montgomery St., room 25. San Fran-
cisco. Cal.
WANTED— IOO teamsters by the E. B. & A. L.
Stone Co. for their camp near Jackson, Ama-
dor County. Cal. ; wages for 2-horse team-
sters. $2 per day; wages for 4- horse team-
sters, $2 20 per day: board $4 »0 per week.
A STEADY, reliable man. 25 to 40 years of |
age, with $1000. can procure permanent situa- i
tion; good salary and 6% on investment; must
have outside business ability. Box 1655, Call.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 217 Third St.: 150 large
rooms; 25c per night: $1 to $2 per week.
MEN to learn barber trade; only eight weeks '
' required; tools donated; positions guaranteed: I
catalogue free. MOLER BAREER COL- ;
LEGE. 635 Clay St.
WANTED— Reliable young man; plain work:
no experience required; $15 week; must have
$125: 1221 Market St., room 1. upstairs.
EARNEST young man. willing to work his
way through businers college. California ;
Business, College, 305 Larkin st.
: SOBER and steady lunch counter waiter, sin- '
I gle; wages $35 per month and found. Address
Depot Hotel. Wadsworth, New j
WANTED— Cash boys. $1i month. ROoi
BROS., 23-37- Kearny st. • .
I ENERGETIC man to solicit and collect. Call
j S-9 a. m. only. T. J. Keefe. r. 6, 403 Moptgy-.
j WANTED— 6 boys for general work. Califor-
| nia Barrel Factory, cor. 22.1 and Illinois 5".3.
! WANTED— foreman for coat fac-
tory. Box 1577. Call office.
i WANTED— A first-class shoecutter for men's
I work. ADply to Evans Shoe Co.. Napa. Cat.
j BUSHELMAN nt once. BELASCO & HAR-
RIS CO., 541 Market st. .
I UNDERPRESSER on coats. BELASCO _
HARRIS CO.. oil Market st.
' FIRST-CLASS coatmaker: good pay: steady
work. BELASCO & HARRIS CO. " 541 Mar-
ket st. .
I ABLE solicitors can earn $100 per week on our
I propositions. A. E. Co.. 1413 Call Building.
YOUNG mm to learn barber trade: catalogue
j mailed. S. F. Darber College. 741 A Howard.
COATMAKERS and bu^he'.man for country.
Apply REISS BROS. & CO.. 21 Sutter st.
; ALL sizes men's shoes, sllshtly damaged, half !
price. £63 Mission st , bet. Ist and 2d sts.
! WANTED— Errand boys not under 15 years of I
I age. Apply NATHAN-DOHKMANN CO.. 122
I Sutter st.
I COAT, vest and rants makers wanted: apply
1 o. m.. Stevenson-st. entrance. CHARLES I
Lyons, London Tailor. 721. Market st. j
; GET your rhoes half-soled while waiting; 25c i
, to 50c £63 Mission St.. bet. Ist and 2d sts.
SAILORS, ordinary, for ships for all parts of !
the world. HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart st.
I McDONALD & PERRY have 500 pairs second- j
! hand shoes for sale: 50r up. 241 Third St.
I PENSION atty., E. A. Bullis. r. 40, Phelan !
big. Past com. Geo. H. Thomas Post. G. A. R. i
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St.. near Mar- !
ket— rooms, 25c night: reading rooms; free
"bus and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisement* and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. _0O Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st.
! HOUSES TO LET.
A— PRINTED list houses to let; send for cir- !
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
HORSES AND WAGONS.
TWO carloads fine team horses Just in; g?ntle i
broke and adapted to delivery wagons; excel-
lent opportunity to buy reasonable: $60 to $l">0
the team. JOHN H. H ALTON. 1732 Market.
DO not fall to attend the special auction sale ;
Wednesday. November C at 11 a. in., at the
Arcade Horse Market. 327 Sixth st. JOHN
; J DOYLE. Auctioneer.
: COACH horses for sale: pair of sorrel geldings.
16 hands. 7 years, very stylish, good actois.
: J. ODONNELL. 721 Howard st.
! FOR Sale— By .1. E. FINCH at Eclipse Stable.
, 1375 Eddy st.. a fine lot of carriage, road an.l
business horses. . .
ONE l-horse truck, one 4-ton express wagon.
1 gurney: all second-hand; one second-hand
j trap. CAVILL MFG. CO.. 43 Eighth st.
BIG horse suitable for express wagon, $45: !
mare. $25: wagon. $35. ' 21 City Hall aye.
FINE rubber-tired business buggy and harness ]
for sale cheao. 1334 Mission st.
FINE pure bred Percherons. Address WM. B. i
COLLIER. 124 Santsome st.. S. F.
VERY stylish bay carriage team; seventeen
1 hands: sound, gentle. E. S.. 721 Howard st.
A BARGAIN In good carriage, saddle, business ,
and road horses. DALZIEL. 605 G. O. aye.
: CHEAP— New panel body delivery. 1 laundry, l
; baker's. 1 shoe. I grocery wagon. S2S Harrison.
ALL kinds of wasons. buggies, carts, harness,
etc.. cheap. EGAN & SON. 2117 Mission st.
AN A No. 1 express wagon, single; also light
camping wagon for sale, cheap. 532- Mission
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
' 16 pages.- In wrapper for mailing. $1 per year.
LOST AND FOUND. ~
LOST— From 215 Fourteenth at., bluish-gray
; hunting dog, named Dash, with wide collar;
I reward. 1 - ¦ \
[ LOST— from 5570 Vallejo st. Golden
Gate, small bay horse branded H. C. Re-
I ward.
i LOST from ¦ the steamer City of Pu«bla evi-
dently taken by mistake by one of the passen-
gers, a new medium-size telescope basket
; without label, containing articles of toilet
and ladies' dress, also a green box contain-
1 ing a number of documents, etc. Any on«
returning the same to The Call office will re-
j ceive a reward of $5 for the trouble. •
' LOST— A passbook with the Hlbernia Savings
I and Loan Society. S. F.. In the name of
; SAMUEL BRESLAUER. No. 218-975. Th«
finder please return to bank.
LOST— SIOO reward; three diamond rings near
; corner of Eighth and Adeline sts.. Oakland
$100 . reward and no questions if . returned to
DR. H. S. KERGAN. 1124 Eighth at., Oak-
j land.
CERTIFICATE of deposit on the Nevada Na-
; tional Bank in favor EMMET CARTER (No.
' 66.490) for $140. Box 1588. Call office.
; IT will pay to "Remember" that the Califor-
; nia Watch Case Co.. 120 Sutter at., needs old
'> gold and silver to make new watch cases.
CHEAPEST and best in America— Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for SI
1 MATTRESSES AND PILLOWS.
t TO order, also cleaned and sterilized, uphol-
stery; Al carDet cleaning; honest work guar-
anteed. HOPKE BROS., ill to 415 Powell st. :
1 tel. Burnt
MATRIMONIAL. ?
MARRIAGE bureau; estab. 1887; reliable tnd
confidential; list. lCc. Mrs. Hertz. ><s Ellla st
MEDICAL. ~
DR. O' DON NELL— AII who are stele and in
trouble call and consult the specialist. j|y
medicines have been used for many y ear _ & '
thousands; the unfortunate helped; relief in all
cases taken; the most obstlnata cases have
been relieved by my medical treatment; free
confidential advice on all subjects of a deli-
cate nature; all classes of female complaints
treated: relief to the longest cases. DR. o
W. O DON NELL. 1013 Market at., opp. Fifth.
A— MRS. SWEET, graduate Royal University
Berlin; 25 years' experience In midwifery
cases; utmost confidence can be placed in her-
takes and treats ladies before and during con-
finement; best care, attention; confinement
$15; board $4 a week and up; infants adopted.
6C6 Guerrero at., nr. 13th; phone Blue 411.
MRS. D. WYETH and MRS. KOHL, rellabu
ladies' specialists for female complaints; i n ,
stant relief guaranteed: 30 years' experience;
private home before and during confinement.
410 O'Farrell at., near Taylor; hours 9 to S.
THE original MRS. DA VIES is still located at
1228 Market: maternity home provided; of9c«
house 10 a. m. to 4 p. m. and < to 8:30 p. m.
HINDOOHERB and MRS. DAVIES* origin*,
method of treatment; maternity home; borne
in confinement. 1126 Market St.. S. F.
MRS. D. ALLEN, HIS Market— Reliable ladles 7
specialist: a private home before and during
confinement; beat medical care; low fee».
DR and MRS. GOODWIN, expert specially
well known and reliable: 25 years' practice^
S. F. : maternity home: fee low. 906 MarUW
DR. NO TOY KEE. 210 Stockton at., opposite
Union square: all diseases cured by herbs.
MISCELLANEOUS— -FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery. Me-
- INTUSH '_ WOLPMAN. 195-19 J Fremont st.
j BARS, back bars, mirrors, restaurant and po-
ker tables, barroom chairs, linoleum, new and
second hand; we always have a. large stock of
saloon outfits on hand; 32 complete outfits 00
one floor, ready made; we can ship everything
in 24 hours. J. NOONAN. 1017, 1013. 10.1. 10_
Ml3alon at., above Sixth; write for catalogue.
LOT machine shop tools, lathes, planers, shap-
ers. etc. ; also wood-working tools, such aa
hand saws, wood planers, shapers, stickers,
mortiaers. saws, etc. J. B. JARDINE, 23)
Fremont st. ±
A NEW system of buying diamonds, watches,
sealskins, trunks, valises, etc.. Is being in-
augurated at the Portland Loan Office. 25
Stockton st. All you need la a very small
deposit.
RETIRING from business; we are selling out
our stock of pictures, frames, moldings at a
reduction of half off; must close out every-
thing by Dec. 15. JONES _ CO.. 704 Larkin.
A— BUYS, sells or rents gear, machinery, en-
gines boilers, water pipes, shafting, pulleys,
etc. 'WHITELAW. 253-255 Spear st.
FIRST-CLASS second-hand modern boilers and
engines bought and sold. KROGH Mfg. Co..
9 Stevenson st. ¦
FINE suits. $10; dress pants, $2 73. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery st.
A— s3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 75. t^tf-
lar Price Hatters, 330 Keamy St.. near Ply
FIRST-CLASS milk route, with or without
depot: 100 gallons. Box 1753. Call office.
WILL sell for $100 finest quality $225 sealskin;
the same as new; bust 38. Box 1689. Call.
WINDMILL pump and tank almost new. F.
MICHELSEN, 1230-32 Hampshire St.
FOR Sale— Horse and phaeton; family or doc-
iwT. cail morning at drug store, 1044 Valencia.
NEW Singer sewing machine; 3 drawers; oak;
1 complete; cheap. 1915 Mission, near Fifteenth.
JEWELRY for sale; diamonds, precious stones
bought. T. Fershtand. 12« Kearny St.. rm. 29.
CHEAP— 4 hp. gasoline engine, steam pump. 1
saw arbor, all kinds tools. 546 Mission st.
BOATS, launches rowboats carried In stock.
BAKER & HAMILTON.
i 2D-HAND pipe 4. 3. 2. 1. % in.: half price of
new. H. S. WHITE. 516 Mission st.
CASH register iHallwood); brand new; reduc-
tion of $33. H. F. ALLEN. 202 California st.
| BAR outfits, showcases; all lengths and sizes.
JACOB SCHWERDT. 821 Mission St.
I BIG prices paid for sealskins, full dress & Tux-
i edo suits. Portland Loan Office. 23 Stockton.
MAGIC lanterns, new and !d-hand moving pic-
tures. BULLARD & BRECK. 131 Post St.
: GASOLINE engines, all sizes, new and 2d-hand.
and launches. J. E. DOAK, 511 Mission st.
SAFES New and second hand. THE HBTt-
MAN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st. t
ENGINES and boilers: second-hand machinery. I
; J. BURKE. US Beale st.
FAIRBANKS' 10-ton hay scales; Jeweler's steel-
1 lined safe, perfect order. 218 California st.
I MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
CONTRACTORS to U3e coke ashes and clink-
ers. South Park Malt House. Brannan »t.,
between Fifth and Sixth.
! A PAIR of genuine crown diamonds about I l *
karats. Box 1974. Call office.
WILL pay cash and good prices for old seal-
skins. Bex 1205. Call office.
HIGHEST price paid cast-off clothing. Jewelry;
send postal. J. COHN. 229 Montgomery aye.
WANTED— Second-hand upright piano tor
cash. H. L. WHITEHEAD. 1706 Market st.
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 134 9th st. ; tel. Folsom 2522.
MONEY TO LOAN.
HERMAN~MURPHY. 603 Examlner"buiTdTng-
...: $4,500,000 at lowest rates
Loans made 1
On first and second mortgages
Life interests in estates
Undivided Interests In real estate......
Property being held In trust
Life policies. Estates in probate.......
If you need money
See HERMAN MURPHY. 803 Examiner bldg.
MANHATTAN LOAN COMPANY.
$300,000 at 6 per cent In sums to suit. City and
Oakland, town and country property; second
mortgages, life insurance & securities. Loans
on unsettled estates, undivided interests to
real estate and legacies. We will purchaser
any of above securities. Tel. Red 5024. MAN*
ATT AN LOAN CO.. 7th floor. Crocker bids?
ANY AMOUNT AT 8 PER CENT.
First, second ami third mortgages
Undivided Interest In real estate In probate...
Mortgages and legacies bought: no delay
Get my terms before doing business elsewhere.
R. McCOLG AN
24 Montgomery at., room 3
THE Portland Loan Office. 25 Stockton St..
phone Bush 454, has a new idea in money
lending: phone usior send word and we will
call; money lent on diamonds, watches, seal-
skins, etc.. also pianos and furniture, with-
out removal at low rates, or call on ua; co»«
fidential. r -
$250,000— EASTERN capital to loan at low rat*
en California securities, first or second mort-
gages, city or town properties, undivided In-
terests in real estate, legacies, etc.. also first-
class ranch property, will loan aa high as 73
per cent of real value. W. L. HARPER.
364 Parrott building.
ANY proposition, any amount; 6 per cent; first.
second anil third mortgages, estates In pro-
bate. Interest in estates, legacies, undivided
interests, securities, manufacturing and mer-
cantile Interests, corporation loans. Room 18. •
Ist floor. Chronicle big. GEORGE E. OLSEN.
RELIABLE corporation, established 1865, proper
place to borrow money on diamonds. Jewelry,
pianos and sealskins at lowest rate of interest.
9 Grant aye.. near Market st. ; tel. Black 5471.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry at low-
est rated. Baldwin Jewelry Store, 846 Market
at.; tel. Main 1644. Branch 19 Third at.
MUNICIPAL Loan Office. 103 Grant aye.. near
Geary st. phone Red 1603.
A MILLION at 4 per cent; smaller amoun4H|
5: city or farm property: long: time: atala
amount deilred and location of property. P.
O. box 2071 .<i'V^
LOANS on pianos, furniture, no removal, libra-
ries, goods In warehouse.etc. ;any amount
est rates; private. Ormsby. 26 Montgomery st.
ON furniture, pianos ami other collaterals,
lowest rates; quick; by private party. 830
Market st., room 10.
$500,000 AT 6 per cent In sums to suit In city;
$150,000 on large ranches at fair rates: second
mortgages. R. .1. MERCER & SON. 412 Pine.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note with-
out Indorser or on mortgages at •> per cent per
annum. MORRELL. 609 Examiner building.
ON. real estate, Ist or 2d mortgages and on furni-
ture or pianos without removal: any amount;
lowest ratea. Becker & Co.. 26 Montgomery.
3% on furniture and pianos; $13 up; no removal;
no commission; private. Room 31. 6 Eddy st.
6V6% ON real estate; mortgaged property ex-
changed for clear. LEVITZKY. 314 Montgom.
Lowest rates, furniture, pianos; no removal: no
commls. ; confidential. Whltehcad. 1706 Market.
ON furniture, pianos; lowest rate; no removal-
strictly private. LICK. 11« McAllister at.
ONE per cent on furniture; $5 it month on each
JlOCO; any security. 302 Montgomery at., r. 1.
ON furniture t pianos; no removal • -&«__»-
quick; lowest Interest; easy terms; no br_tr-
age; reliable party. 1170 Market St.. rooJT«.
IF you want a home I will loan you money to
buy It. A. E. RUPELL. 222 3mnsom« st
ON SALARIES without Indorser; other propo-
i aitlona. 3. F. Discount Agency, U3 Phelan big.f BIOXr.Y TO i.o«.N Contlnnerl. I
LOWEST rates on furniture, etc., by private i
party; no removal; no commission; confiden-
tial. Koom 3. Conservatory bldg.. 301 Jones.
TIIK TOI'SLEY Company; loans and dis-
counts. Sil Parrott building.
LOANS money on salary: no lnflorser; Eastern
! lan. V.'ci-tPrn Loan Co.. 309 Phelan bliig.
_ MVSICAt._IXSTRrMEXTS. ™
43JON we remind you that our piano ktodk ,
hoth new and second hand, is the largest
VeFt cf Chicago and includes the most "re-
liab'.e makers to choose from. New pianos
Fc.'.d upon easy payments of X per month;
rcme pojd pianos for J3. ft and S3 per month
BHFUMAN, CLAT & CO.. Steinway dealers. ,
corner Kfarny and Sutter Ets.. San Fran-
cisco: corner Broadway and Thirteenth st.,
Oakland.
ALL hiptest p-ades sold by the Heine Piano
Co.. sole agents most famous and oldest Amer-
ican makes: easy payments: big allowance for
ecend -har.d pianos; rents $2 up allowed- bar- I
irrins. 525 up; Stelaways. JIS3; Chlckerings. I
J13"; R0 others; events wanted. We pay your I
lare to and from any part of California if you
. purchase. 517 Geary st. r
ETECK. Everett. Harfiman. Packard, Lud-
wic. Harrington. Conover and other pianos
These makes we are now offering for sale
in cur wholesale warerooms at 913 Market
et. to any retail buyer at wholesale prices;
• 100 cmi ty piano boxes for sale at 50c each
THE V.'ILEY B. ALLEN CO.. 933 Market.
ATTENTION. BAP.GAIN HUNTERS-
Cecond-hand upright pianos from $55 up.
9 Second-hand square pianos from $50 up.
g) r»ecor;d-hari«l creans from !?S up; new up-
rifht pianos from |ITS up. BENJ. CURTAZ
& SON. 16 to SO O'Farrell. Chlckering, Mason ;
ard Ma ml in. Vose. Sterling pianos.
ANY piano sold by us- taken back any time
¦within 2 years and full purchase price al- i
lowed on a new peerless Knabe at regular '
price; Kts you only 20c a day to buy a
piano from us. KOHLER & "CHASE 16 I
CVFarr'? 11 st. ; established ISSO.
A SMALL Weber upright. H2S; elegant walnut
case Knabe upright, almost new; also Steck, '
oak case: Hardman square, $45; organs $25
up- BOWERS & SON, 23 Fifth St.. IVERS
A: POND and A. B. CAMERON. Agents.
ASK us about our new plan of selling pianos;
how does $1 JO per week strike you? Agents •
for Wissner. Decker & Son, Baumeister and I
others. THE ZENO MAUVAIS MUSIC CO..
TCS Market st.
ANOTHER lot of high-grade new and second-
hand pianos just put on 6ale for storage: dirt
cheap: must sell- no reserve; installments if
desired. Wilsons Storage. 170S Market «t.
HERTZ piano: pood for practice; SchafTer
upright, nearly new. VS. 217 Geary St.
LARGEST standard upright piano; little used;
going East account death: sacrifice. 602 Eddy.
kuPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
6OHMER. Byron Mauzy. Lester Hamilton.
6pielmann pianos. SOS Post st.
GOOD second-hand upright for sale cheap.
' 6CHMITZ, 16 McAllister St. I
ELEGANT piano a? rood as new. standard ,
make; a sacrifice. Hornnng's. 216 McAllister. ]
,AT KEEFFES. 22 Turk si., . near Market—
W' Bhoninger. Schubert and Steinway bargains.
ELEGANT r.ew upright pianos for rent. $3 per
mo. SCOTT-CURTAZ Piano Co.. 560 Hayes.
OFFICES AXD STORES TO LET.
STORE to let, FT per month. Apply 614 Shrader
st rear Waller.
DESK-ROOM to let in Crocker building; first-
class opportunity. Box ISOI. Call office.
OIL.
OIL tanks, second-hand. in pood order; all
sizes; cheap. H. S. WHITE. 616 Mission st.
PAIXTERS 1)1. (ORATORS.
ROOMS papered. $3 up; leaks and plastering
repaired. CIS Third -•
PALMISTRY.
H. JEHOME FOSELLI. scientific palmist, 515
Taylor st., bet. Geary and Post; teL Black 561.
NEERGAARD, president Et. Germain College,
reads from Ito 5. 700 Post: phone Hyde 2335.
PERSONALS.
INDIAN baskets. Indian relics, carios and an-
tiques bought. NAT RAPHAEL, lIS Geary
eL, largest curio store in America; visitors |
welcome; Indian baskets from $1 upward.
, EUBE cure for drunkenness, opium, morphine
habit; Mooeer Company Gold Cure; accom-
plished without publicity; confidential; lull J
direction; hundreds of testimonials; price $5
per bottle. Address 1125 Geary st., San Fran-
cisco, Cal.
AN elecar.t line of remnants for suits to or- i
der, $15; with these suits we make an extra '
pair of pants free of charge: other suits on in- I
etallments. Jl weekly. L. LEMOS. 11.17 Mar- ;
ket st., between Seventh and Eighth. j
A— HAIR, birthmarks, moles removed forever. j
painless and without 6Car. with electricity, by
MISS GRUBER, the cosmetic artist, 35i8 I
Eighteenth st.. cor. Guerrero; tel. Blue 1361.
"BUSINESS Men's Legal Bureau." consulta- !
tion free: in bankruptcy and divorce proceed- |
ings parties not required to go into court, i
. Room Cll. Examiner bldg.: phone Black 3601
MBS. ERIGGS, dermatologist— Superfluous hair, !
moles, other facial blemishes permanently re- j
moved without piiin or scars by the latest
e'.scrrlc appliances. PCS Sutter; tel. Larkln 3171.
ONE BOTTLE of Pir.us will cure any case of
. rheumatism, sciatica, neuralgia or gout; price
12 CO per bottle. For circulars, Pinus Med.
Co.. 724 Valencia St., S. F. ; tel. Church ISO.
ELECTRIC light In every room — Winchester
Hot»l, 44 Third St.. near Market; 700 rooms;
Ibc to SI SO per night; $1 50 to $6 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
WHY Guess? You can be certain of style and
fit ty using Standard Patterns; Nov. patterns i
end The Designer now ready. J. W. EVANS.
Domestic cffW, 1021 Market St.. near Sixth.
FACE massage, complexion beautifying; latest
Continental methods; electric roleau; .superflu-
ous hair removed by electrolysis. Mme. Zephey
Kla-ora, parlors 230 -utter; phone Black 1322.
ARTISTIC hairdressing 25c; manicuring 25c;
shampooing 50c; hair dyeing, wigs, switches
and front pieces. G. LEDERER, 123 Stockton.
AT cash prices; ladies' tailor-made suits, coats,
rllk waists, trimmed hats, skirts, etc.; weekly
payments. C. F. ADAMS CO.. 156 Fifth st.
ADELINA FATTrS Beauty Cream. Secret of
enn-.inual youth' 50c, postpaid; free demon-
stration; come and see us. Bon-Ton, 324 Post..
WHITE enamel ron beds, single, three-quarter
or double, $2 25. EASTERN OUTFITTING
CO.. 1210-1212 Stockton St.. near Lroadway. -
GO TO THE GREAT BOOK AUCTION
TO-NIGHT AT 7:30
1049 Market Et.. opp. McAllister St.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles destroyed with
electric needle. MISS EATON. 1119 Sutter St.
PRIVATE detective work; reasonable rates; 10
years' experience. J. B. RAT. 457 Minna st.
A— l; your hair Is fa ling or you are bald, call on
Dr.G. S.Moore. £22 O'Farrell; send for circular.
A— VIDA Company permanently cures stomach
trouble. 736 Valencia St., bet. 18th and 19th.
ELECTRICITY is life. Mine Zella gives
treatments. IC2O Market st.
DJR. LAMOTTE'S FRENCH CORN PAINT, the
best corn cure; 25c; all druggists.
STOP that "cough" — California Lung Balsam
will do it: all druggists; phone Pint 2356.
ALFREDIJMS Egyptian Henna; restores gray
ruxir to it* natural color: SI; at all druggists.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. Markt_
tOfl MEN wanted to order suits for $1 per week.
NEUHAUS & CO., tailors, 115 Kearny st.
TAILOR-MADE fuits, $7 £0; dresa pants. $2 50.
Mirfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Pupont.
* OLD rold silver, diamonds and precious stones
bctght. * J. R. JENKEL. Sl7 Market st.
PHVSICIAXS AM> SURGEONS.
DR C. C. O'DONN ELL— Office and residence,
1021 % Market st.. between Sixth and Seventh.
DR WONG HIM. herb doctor, successfully
treats all diseases of. the human body: see
testimonials at office. 115-117 Mason, nr. Ellis.
A— DR WONG WOO. herb doctor; sanitarium,
764-76S Clay st.; see testimonials at office.
PLAXIXG AXD TLRXIXG MILLS.
' WOOD and Ivory Turning. Planing. Shaping
k and Sawing. CARL F. HAAS. 95 Fremont st.
I'JEAL ESTATE CITY — • ° I * SALE -
SPECIAL.
«860»-Must sell; a bargain not equaled in the
city; pays 10 Per cent; 2 elegant modern
« flats 6 and 7 rooms and bath each; every
room eunny: key lot, 27:6x137:6; beautiful
garden front and rear; fine view; Grove
et. near I . more.
Best Investment on Mission St.. north side, near
Third; 2.JX160 throiigh to Jessie; 3-story
frame building; worth immediate investi-
gation.
,__. DAVIDSON' & LEIGH,
«V •'.-*- 219 Montgomery et.
JISSC— SNAP; best corner in Richmond; N.E.
. corner California st. and Fourth aye.; 32:6 x
1T- motor line will soon change to electric
F. R. GRANXIS. 137 Montgomery St.
BARGAIN— $2100, terms; house. 9 rooms; lota
to Mm. SHADBURXE, CIC Sacramento st. |
REAL, ESTATE CITY FOR SALE.,
EASTON, ELDRIDGE ; ~ f
63S Market Street.
AUCTION.
AUCTION.
T,.-..^ AUCTION.
TUESDAY ".November 12. 1301
At II o'clock irbon.
At our salesroom No. 63S Market st.
HAIGHT-ST. RESIDENCE.
South side (No. 1011) Haight St.. 105 feet west
of Broderlck; modern house of 8 rooms, bath
and hard finished basement; lot 25x120 feet.
MODERN MISSION FLATS.
Southeast corner (Nob. 1201-1203) Sanchez and
Twenty-fifth Fts. ; 2 modern up-to-date flats
consisting of 5-6 rooms, porcelain bath, open
nickel plate plumbing, tiled mantels and sinks,
etc.; rents $33 per month; lot 22:1V4x51:9 feet.
WESTERN ADDITION FLATS. \
North side (No?. 2030-2032) Lombard St., 167
I feet east of Fillmore; 4 substantial fiats cf
i 5-6-4-4 rooms and bath and basement: sunny
and in good condition; this property is on the
I boulevard connecting the Presidio with Van
Ness aye.; always rented and desirable; rents
165 per month; large lot 26:6x112:6 ft.
MISSION WARM BELT INVESTMENT.
North side <<Nos. 3422-3424) Nineteenth st.. 103
feet west of Mission; 2 nice houses of 6 rooms
and bath with separate basements each; this
property is situated between Mission and Va-
lencia sts.. which are the principal business
streets of the Mission; present income $42 per
month; let 25xSo it.
JOXES-ST. IMPROVED PROPERTY.
East side (Nos. 1506-15CS-1510) Jones St., 35 feet
north of Jackson: 2 modern fiats of 5.-6 rooms
and bath and one 2-story house of 10 rooms
; and bath; well located; fine neighborhood; lot
47x75:6 ft.
SOUTH OF MARKET INVESTMENT.
! Southeast side (No. 4597 Clementina St.. 127:6
i feet northeast of Sixth; a substantial house
| 6 rooms and bath; 6-foot basement; lot 20x75.
POST-ST. RESIDENCE.
South fide (No. 1769) Post St.". 113:6 feet east
of Webster: substantial well-built bouse 3
rooms and bath; sun and light in every room;
lot 24x114:6 ft.
WESTERN ADDITION COTTAGE— ON
TERMS.
! North side (No. 2316) McAllister St.. 156:6
I feet west of Parker aye.; modern cottage 7
I rooms, bath and basement; lot 25x96:4 or terms, I
$500 cash, balance as rent.
PACIFIC HEIGHTS RESIDENCE LOT.
South side Vallejo st., 165 feet west of Fill-
more; a magnificent building In an aristocratic
neighborhood commanding an i elegant marine
view; lot 55x137:6.
HOLLY PARK LOTS.
North Fide of Richland aVe.. '575 feet east cf
South aye.; lots 35-36. Holly Park Tract; 25x100
ft. each.
. . EASTON. ELDRIDGE & CO..
638 Market St.
WANTED— A large-sized lot at the Mission
or a 50-vara lot in the Western Addition,
; suitable for building dwelling houses thereon.
W. J. GUNN. 630 California f=t_
. OWNERS of property who wish to avoid fore-
: closure of mortgage expenses and to save
something may find a ready buyer by calling
on the undersigned, W. J. GUNN, 530 Cali-
fornia st.
SPECIAL attention given to probate sales of
real estate; executors, administrators and at-
torneys who represent estates, and who wish
to dispose of real estate, will ¦to well to
send a description of it to the undersigned,
who has buyers that will submit bids, and
who stand ready to purchase. W. J. (SUNN,
F. 30 California st.
A GOOD-SIZED lot wanted to purchase on Va-
lencia, Mission or Howard, bet. Twelfth and
Twenty-third sis.; Improved or vacant.
W. J. GUNN, £30 California st.
CHOICE building lots; sunny side of Union, ;
just west from Pierce, on the slope of the hill i
rising toward Scott; 25x110; if you are look- I
ing for a cheap lot and in a choice location, I
examine these 3 lots: nothing now so cheap j
in the Western Addition; stone pavement; ',
basalt blocks; street accepted; ready for i
building; pardon; loam on lots. For particu- I
lars and price call en
W. J. CrPMN. 530 California st.
CHOICE N.W. corner; the cheapest .in the
Western Addition; 37:6x110; only $3750; street j
work done and accepted; stone blocks and !
pavement; a very desirable lot: In front of j
a beautiful home; pretty marine view; cars I
pass; just the location for renting- flats or ;
building a pretty home; there is a standing >
offer of $3500 for the corner..
W. J. GUNN, 530 California st.
' WESTERN Addition residence wanted to pur- i
chase; north of Pacific aye., east of Lyon tt. j
or Presidio reservation to Van Ness aye. ; I
the buyer wants a marine view if possible j
and expects a bargain.
W. J. OL'NX. £30 California st.
SOME choice lots in Richmond, north of the
Park where all the street work is done and
j cars passing within a few steps; offered at i
i very low prices; not 'ar out.
W. J. GUNN, 530 California st.
:.. . j
FOR the income: wanted to purchase, fiats or
I residence that is now bringing in rental or
can be rented easily; in Western Addition or ¦
; Mission. W. J. QPgTN. 630 California st.
i $4400— A GREAT bargain; 22 lets In heart of j
city; beautiful marine view; only $200 per lot. j
THE PHELPR-LEWIS COMPANY,
395-SaG Parrott building.
i $300 EACH Corner lots; Eugene aye.; frontage ,
j 3 streets; graded; cash or Install. M Jessie.
I FOR sale — Cottage of 4 rooms, large basement
. and yard: half cash. 3.122 Pierce st.
REAL ESTATE COUNTRY For Sale
A— SIOO.OOO— GRAND olive, fruit and stock
ranch; IS2O acres; all level; irrigation; con-
venient to San Francisco; 13,000 bearing olive j
trees. 12,000 bearing fruit trees: fine Improve- ;
ments, tools and teams; big Income proposi-
tion: cost $150,000 10 years ago; now worth :
$200,000; part cash, part San Francisco realty. I
Owner. 2740 Pine St., San Francisco.
] 40- ACRE almond orchard for sale; a snap bar-
pain; trees- are healthy and in good bearing;
I at $150 an acre cash; 53 miles from San Fran-
csico; river transportation; fare 50c from San
Francisco by boat; 1 year's crop will pay the !
[ amount asked for the land; lovely climate. i
For further particulars apply at store of CON-
RADI & GOLDBERG. 730 Montgomery, S. F. j
FOR SALE NEAR SAN FRANCISCO
Small tracts, $60 to $90 per acre, on Rancho '
Cotatl. Sonoma Co.; future value assured, as '
Ean Francisco is growing rapidly; location j
best for poultry and general farming. Apply j
to The Cotatl Co.. 302 California st., for pam- \
phlets and information.
j FOR rent for a term of years— 7s acres adjoin- ;
ing Santa Rosa, Sonoma County; under high i
cultivation: everything complete. 133S Market.
j $2500— IMPROVED foothill farm. 204 acres; El
Dcrado Co.. near R. R. Box 222, Call office.
i POULTRY and dairy ranches for sale; write for !
free list. C. R. WINFIELD. Petaluma. Cal. |
REAL ESTATE TO EXCHANGE.
A BLOCK (50 lots), covered with ornamental
trees. just north of Ingleside, to exchange for
house and lot or ranch. Box 1976, Call office.
¦ 160 ACRES of heavy sugar pine timber to ex-
change for city property. Box 1977. Call.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL, ESTATE.
BARGAINS; improved k unimproved property
acquired by foreclosure: % cash.'Bank of Ala.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
$2000— A LONG-FELT want; cottage house of 6
rooms, on sunny side of street, and only two
blocks from railroad station; a bargain.
Apply to JOS. J. MASON,
Real Estate,
, • Berkeley Station.
$4000 WILL buy a good, modern house of. 7
rooms, close to the university, or an 8-room
house in Scenic Park or in the Hillegass
Tract. MAY & MORTIMER, 2123 Center st.,
Berkeley. - ' ' • ¦ ¦ '
' OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS,
OFFICE— IIIB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL. ESTATE.
!i A MILLIONAIRES HOME. T~
Offered because he has gone East.
$20,000— House 8 rocms and 2 baths; built
1900; every modern convenience; ideal In
every respect; must be seen to be appreciated;
, rot 75x175; prominent corner; 1004 Grand St.,
[ ; N.E. corner San Jose aye., in Alameda, near
, local train to S. F. ; electric cars pass prop-
I erty; key at office.
S. M. DODGE & SON, «
' | 1160 Broadway, Oakland.
COTTAGE of S rooms and bath: nearly
new. • 960 Park way, near Clinton station,
'? East Oakland.
OAKLAND HOUSES TO LET.
FOR Rent— house and grounds in Linda
Vlßta Terrace tract, . Oakland; Piedmont cars
pass the door every few minutes. S. J. TAY-
LOR. Realty Syndicate. 14 Sansome St., r. 12.
OAKLAND i I KM lI UK FOR SALE.
; AN Introduction to you from H. Schellhaas, the
furniture dealer. lltn and Franklin. Oakland.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, NOVEMBER 11, 1901.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
AUSTIN ave.7T«, off Polk st., bet. Bush and
Pine— Three sunny housekeeping rooms.
CAPP. 942 A, near Twenty-fifth— Nice upper flat '
of 4 sunny rooms and bath; nicely furnished;
cheap; no children. ,
FOLSOM, 834— Sunny housekeeping room;
closets, stove, bath; private; $1 50 a week.
FOLSOM, corner Ninth— 2 sunny housekeeping
rooms, 111; also others^
HOWARD, 728—2 housekeeping rooms; also sin-
gle front room: reasonable..
HOWARD. 1063—2 funny completely furnished
front bay-window rms. ; range; electric lights.
LARKIN, 519%— Sunny front alcove room and
large housekeeping; gas, bath, phone^
OaK. Hit— 2 front basement rooms; furnished
housekeeping, $10;- single rooms, $7 and $10.
O'FARRELL, 128, cor. Powell— A nice room,
$4; upstairs; near the Orpheurn^
SUITE of three or four handsomely furnished
rooms with privilege of light housekeeping;
refined private family; Western Addition;
phone Jackson 981. Box 1805, Call office.
VALENCIA. 12S— Sunny furnished housekeep-
ing room with kitchen; adults; private family.
VALENCIA, 1232— Sunny alcove room, fur-
nished for light housekeeping; gas; bath and
waßhtubs; in warm belt.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 10J6
Valencia tt.
ROOMS TO LET — Furn. and Unfurn.
A^RUNSWICK HOUSE. 148 Sixth^RoomsT
25c to $1 per night; $1 25 to $5 per week, and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
ARGYLE Hotel. 234 'McAllister— New, elegant,
sunny; grill attached; country visitors find no
place like the Argyle; take McAUister-st. cars.
AT Shasta House, 246 Third— 2oo rooms; newly
renovated; 2oc to 75c; M to %i week.
A SUNNY suite and singles, neat and clean;
bath, phone: wricea low. 332 Stockton st.
BURNETT, 142G Market (old No. 1364)— Fu-
rnished rms., suites, single; also unfurnished.
CLIFFORD, 204 Ellis, corner Mason— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
ELLIS, 771— New, clean and homelike rooms,
with privilege of kitchen.
BLLIB, 922— Nicely Turnished room with pri-
vate bath attached.
FIFTH, 107— Pleasant, sunny • unfurnished
rooms to let^ •¦
FOLSOM, S2O, near Fourth— Furnished rooms,
Jl i>cr week.
FRANCISCO HOTEL— Elegant suites; single;
transient; baths. Mrs. King, Turk & Taylor.
GEARY, 400, The Navarre— Elegantly furnished
suites and single; travelers accommodated.
GOLDEN GATE aye.. 622—1 sunny single front
room; gas and bath.
GOUGH. 437— Lleht furnished rooms, sunny,
gas, bath, single or suites^
HOTEL FLORENCE, 102 Ellis St.— Sunny out-
side rooms; single, $2; suites, S3 50 per week;
newly renovated: elevator; baths.
HOTEL ST. DENIS (European plan), 24 Turk
St., near Market— Central location; new build -
Ing; elegantly furnished: strictly first-class;
50c per day and upward; special rates by ih?
week or month; best in the city; references;
take Market-st. cable cars to Turk st.
LARKIN, 4C4— One sunny front room, suitable
for gentlemen only; reasonable.
LARKIN, 40S— Sunny single room; private
house. ___^
MINNA, 667, corner Eighth— Newly furnished
bay-window room; Jl per w-eek; transient.
NKW ARLINGTON, 1015 Market— Nicely fur-
j nished rooms; $2 a week up; 33c a day urx
' O'FARRELL, 20— Sunny furnished rooms and
i offices; elevator; elec. lights; day, week, mo.
j POST, 525 A —A sunny suite, suitable for doctor
! or dentist: opposite Olympic Club.
I ROYAL House, 126 Ellis— lncandescent light;
i reading-room, smoking-room and ladies' par-
lor; moms, per night, 35c to $1 50; week. $2 to
It; months, $8 to $20: elevator on ground
floor; rooms with hot and cold water: baths.
SHERMAN Apartment House, 2R EiKhth St.,
near Market— Furnished or unfymished.
< SUTTER. 320% (The Stanford)— Suites from $3
j to $7; singles, $2 to *5 per week; transient.
ITO rent— Punny unfurnished double parlor,
suitable for doctor's office or dressmaking
parlor. 34 Octavla et., corner Haight.
' TWENTY-THIRD. 3376— Nice furnished room;
pri v»ite family.
VAN NESS aye.. 807— Elegantly furnished suite
I and kitchen. ?35.
j CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
! received at Call liranrh Office, OOP Fillmore st.
A. BRANCH office for Call advert i'ements and
i subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st.
ROOMS AND BOARD.
i ALMORA. 20th and Mission— Newly furnished
' suites and single; warm belt; tourists at spe-
i cial rates; flrst-class board If desired.
: FOR two; exceptional table; private family:
car line;. Western Addition. Phone Pin« 46.
i GUERRERO, JO4, block from Market— Elegant
I sunny suite, fur. or unfurn. ; terms reasonable.
GI'EHKERO, 104— Large sunny single rooms;
running water; use bath; tirms reasonable.
THE CECILERNE, 930 Van Ness aye.
VAN NESS. 519— Handsome furnished parlors;
all conveniences; other sunny suites; best
i table board.
POST, 1414, 2 blocks above Van Ness— Sunny
rooms with board; newly furnished; hotel ex-
perience.
THE CORBIN, 836 Sutter— Rooms single and
en suite; private baths; all rooms sunny; ex-
cellent table.
j HOTEL Repelier. 781 Sutter— Newly furnished;
excellent table; special rates to tourists.
CALIFORNIA. SO7 (Stevenson mansion)— Select
family hotel ; exceptional table; attractive rms.
! HOTEL Las Palinas 1820 Market— Suite 2 or 3
rooms, bath: board optional: single rooms.
WANTED at 2026 Pine Ft., a few flrst-class
boardCfl with references.
i CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly I
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for |1,
postage paid.
RUPTURE SANITARIUM.
RUPTURE cured at HUNTE^sTgANTrX
RIUM. 1206 Market st.; treatment free; only
invention in the world that will not torture.
ROOMS WASTED.
I REFINED couple, no children, want in German
speaking family 2 rooms and kitchen; state
price. Box 1970, Call office.
GENTLEMAN wants furnished room near City
Hall; state particulars. Box 1883, Call office.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
BAD tenants ejected for 14; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO., 415 Montgomery St., rooms 9-10: tel. 5580.
SEWIMi .MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged; re-
pairing; lowest rates. Tel. Black 1124, 205 4th.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchange; re-
pairlng: lowest rates; phone Mint 45. 145 6th.
STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving~Co7^
office Post and Powell sts. : tei. Main 5713.
GOLDEN WEST Stosage Warehouse, 840 Mis-
sion st ; tel. Howard 941, F. W. ZEHFUSS.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany, 2320 Fillmore st. ; phone Jackson 281.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co., 722 Mission St.;
tel. Main 1840: shipping at cut rates.
TYPEWRITERS AND SUPPLIES.
GREAT BARGAINS IN TYPEWRITERS^We
sell better machines for less money than any
house in the city; rentals, 33. The Typewriter
Exchange, G36 California; telephone Main 266.
WEBSTER Typewriter Inspection Co.— Expert
typewriter doctors ;estlmate free. 209 Sansome.
ASSESSMENT NOTICES.
THE delinquent assessment list of the Stanley
Aeriar Navigation Company will be published
in the Journal of Commerce daily from now
on until the day of. sale (December 2d). H.
BRUCKMANN, Secretary.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
OFFICE of the Contra Costa Water Company,
room 16, second floor. Mills building, San
Francisco, Nov. 6, 1901. — Dividend No. 194, of
42 cents per share on the capital stock of the
Contra Costa Water Company, will be pay-
able at the office of said company, room 16,
second floor, Mills building, on Nov. 16, 190 L
Transfer books will close on Saturday, Nov
9, 1901, at 2 p. m.
J EDWARD McGARY, Secretary.
DIVIDEND Notice.— The Giant Powder Com-
pany, Con. — A dividend. No. 35, of seventy-
five cents (75c) per share on the Issued capital
stock of the company has been declared pay-
able at the office of the company, 435 Califor-
nia at, San Francisco, on November 11. ISOL
Transfer books close November 4, 1901, at
neon. A. A. SPARKS, Secretary.
. BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS .
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mall wHI not be inserted. They must be handed '
in at either of the publication offices and be '
indorsed with the name and residence of per- J
sons authorized to have the same published. \
DIED. ,
Aukinson, Charles '. Kinnear, John S.
Benard, Mary Louise Largan, Maria
Bustin. John T. McKeany, Jane •
Christen, Frank . Mengola. Dominico .. -
Collins, Annie H. Meyer, Louis
Conlin, James E. Nunez, Frank -
' . Cou«*nlin, John . " O'Connor, Patrick
Cox, Bart- S. ¦'•[- O'Neil. Manraret
Eldred. Mary E. Raymond, Eleanor F.
Fischer. Irene ¦ Rice, Harry >
Goldstein, William Smith. Henry G. ,
¦ Grossmann. ¦ Minnie Smithson. Robert . '
Huttman. Fred Toland,
Kelley, Charles A. Vance, Mrs. Mary A.
AUKINSON— In the City and County Hospital, i
November ¦ 10, 1901, Charles Aukinson, a na-
tive of Finland, aged 45 years.
BENARD— In Oakland, at the residence of her*
daughter, 1003 Center street, Mary Louise
Benard, beloved mother of A. F. Benard an.l
Mrs. B. iH. Buzzo, a native of France, aged :
SI years 1 month and 20 days. ..¦¦-¦¦
Friends and acquaintances are respect- ,
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Monday), at 1 o'clock, from her late resi- :
dence, thence to St. Patrick's Church. Tenth ,
street, Oakland. The remains will then be
conveyed to the Oakland ferry leaving the
mole at 2 o'clock, thence by San Mateo elec-
tric cars to Holy Cross Cemetery, starting
• from Oakland ferry in this city at 2:20
o'clock.- ¦ . ¦"•
BUSTIN— In San Rafael, Cal., November 9,
1901, John T. Bustin, beloved husband of
Kate Bustln (nee Fitzgerald), father of John
T., Frank F. and Joseph S. Bustin, son of
Mrs. Mary A. Bustin, and brother of Frank
and Georsie Bustin.
' ICTNotice of funeral hereafter. - —
CHRISTEN— Mill Valley, November 10, 1901, .
Frank, dearly beloved and only child of
Frank and Rosa Christen, and twin brother \
of the lateAmalla Christen, a native of San
I Francisco, aged '3 months and 6 days.
COLLINS— In this city, November 9, 1901, An-
nie Honora, beloved wife of George Collins,
and sister of Mary Ellen Glenn, a native of
Buffalo, N. V., aged 39 years and kll months.
[C?"Frienda and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to' attend the funeral to-day i
' (Mor.dav), at 10 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 67 Henry street, off Sanchez, between
Fourteenth and Fifteenth, thence to Mission
Dolores Church for services. Interment Holy
' Cross Cemetery. . ' -
CONLIN— Oakland, November 10, 1901,
James E.. beloved son of Elizabeth and the
late. Edward Conlin, and brother of Mary and
Elizabeth Florence Conlin, a native of Hart-
' ford. Conn., aged 32 years and 10 days. ;
COUGHLIN— In this city, November 10, 1901,
. John Coughlin, beloved husband of Margaret
Coughlin, and father of Joseph Coughlin, a
native of County Cork, ¦ Ireland, aged 68
years. ' '- ¦ • * '¦: ¦
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 8:39 o'clock, from his .late resi-
dence, 1519 Seventh street, Oakland, thence !
'¦¦ to St.' Patrick's -Church.- where a requiem
• mass will be celebrated for the repose of hl3 !
soul, commencing at 3 . o'clock. Interment j
• St. Mary's Cemetery, Oakland.
COX— In this city, October 21, 1901, Bart S. |
4 Cox, beloved husband of Carrie Cox. a native j
/ of . Illinois, aged 33 years 11 months and 23 ,
days. '
E7"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Monday), :at 10:15 o'clock, from the parlors
of Halsted & Co.. 946 Mission street, i©ider
the auspices of I. O. O. F. Relief Committee.
Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery, by 11:30
o'clock train from Third and Townsend
streets. : . --•
ELDRED— In this city. November 9, 1901, Mary
E., beloved wife of William Eldred. and
mother of Rena Eldred and Dora Dibert,
• and sister of Ora Josephsen, Alice Cohen, |
Amos Elliott and Mrs. John Winner of Ohio, i
a native of lowa, aged 42 years 7 months and j
JlO days. (Ohio papers please copy.).
ICTOnly friends and relations are invited i
to attend the . funeral to-day (Monday), at ;
1 o'clock, from her late residence, 2SV6 Ber-
nard street. Interment Cypress Lawn Ceme-
tery.
FISCHER— this city, November 9, 1901, , I
Irene, beloved daughter of Carlos and Agnes !
Fischer, and sister of Myrtle and Therese •
Fischer, a native of San Francisco, aged 3 ,
years 3 months and 14 days.
GOLDSTEIN— In this city. November 9, 1901, '
William, beloved husband of Eda Goldstein, I
father of Jesse, son of Virginia and the late j
Emanuel L. Goldstein, and brother of San-
ford L. Goldstein, Mrs. J. • Frowenfeld. Mrs.
I. S. Ackerman. Mrs. I. H. Ackerman and i
Mrs. A. Steinbereer, a native of San Fran-
' Cisco, aged 46 years 8 months and 2 days.
[Cs"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the- funeral to-day
(Monday), at 9:30 o'clock, from his late resi- \
dence, 1721 Paqific avenue. Interment Home
, of Peace Cemetery, by special train leaving
, Third and Townsend streets at 10:40 o'clock. I
GROSSMANN— In this city, November 10, 1901, i
- Minnie, dearly beloved and only child of
'Frank H. and" "Rosa* Orononann.- a native of
San Francisco, aued 9 years 11 months and
13 days. - . • : -.
IG^Friends and acquaintances are respect- i
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow j
(Tuesday), at 1 o'clock, from the parlors of
1. F. Suhr & Co., 1137 Mission street, • be-
tween Seventh and Eighth. Interment Mount
Olivet' Cemetery. ' ' . ".. -
HUTTMAN— In Concord, Cal., November 10,
1901, Fred, beloved husband of Augusta Hutt-
man, father of Mrs. Carrican. and Theresa,
Annie, Joseph, Mary, Katie, John and Fred-
erick Huttmann, aged 65 years.
Notice of funeral hereafter.
KELLEY— In this city, November 10, 1901.
Charles A., beloved husband of Kittle Kelley, |
and father of Charles and Arthur Kelley, a i
native of • Boston, aged 38 years and. 29 days j
(C?*Notlce of funeral in Tuesday morning
papers.
KINNEAR— In" Oakland. November 10, 1901,
John S., husband of Emma Kinnear, and
father of Charles, Edith, Harriet and Ethel
Kinnear, a native of Canada, aged 50 years
arid 7 months.
LARGAN— In I this city, November 10, 1901,
Maria, beloved wife of William Largan, and
loving mother of Lizzie and James Largan,
Mrs. George, Spring and .Mrs. Reck, a native
of Ireland, aged 67. years.
Notice of funeral hereafter.
McKEANY— In Irvlnsrton. Alameda County.
' November 10, 1901. Jane McKeany, beloved i
wife of Patrick McKeany. and mother of J
Peter John, Dennis, William, James,'- Andrew !
and Joseph McKeany, a native of Ireland, j
a^ed 72 years.
MENGOLA— In Oakland, November 9. 1901, ;
Dominico. beloved husband of Catherine Men- |
gola. and father of D. George and Frances I
Mengola. a native of Dalmatia. Austria, aged
64 years 6 months and 12 days.
tCTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to' attend- the funeral services
to-day (Monday), at 2 o'clock, at his late ,
. residence, 1012 Peralta street, Oakland. In- I
terment i Mountain View Cemetery." Please I
omit flowers. , . x
MEYER— In Oakland, November 6, 1901, Louis
Meyer, a native of Colmar, Alsace, aged 38 |
. years. ¦ . '
lE?" Friends and acquaintances are respect- |
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day I
(Monday), at 2:30 o'clock, • from the parlors
of Julius S. Godeau, 305 Montgomery avenue.
Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
NUNEZ— In the City and County Hospital,
November 10, 1901, Frank Nunez, a native
of Mexico, ag-ed 61 years.
O'CONNOR— A month's mind requiem mass
for the repose of the soul of the late Patrick
O'Connor, of 385 Haight street, • will be cele-
brated at Sacred Heart Church to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 9:30 o'clock. Friends and
acquaintances are respectfully invited to at-
tend. - * • •
O'NEIL— this city, November 9, 1901, Mar-
garet O'Neil. beloved wife of the late John
O'Neil, and mother of C. C. and John O'Neil
and • Mrs. Mary Desmond J and Mrs. Ellen
Green of Charleston, Mass., a native of Ire-
land, aged 77 years 2 months and 19 days.
(Boston, -Mass., papers please copy.)
[CFriends and . acquaintances are respect-
fully invited "to attend the funeral to-day
(Monday), at 9 o'clock, from the residence of
her son-in-law, Felix P. Desmond, 258 Chest-
nut street, thence to St. Francis Church,
where a solemn requiem high mass will be
celebrated for the repose of her soul, com-
mencing at 9:30 o'clock, thence to Holy Cross
Cemetery. •
RAYMOND— this city, November in, 1901,
at the residence of her sister. 939% Howard
street, Eleanor Francis, beloved daughter of
William and .Annie Raymond, and loving
Bister of Robert E.. Romer, Annie, Willie,
4 Harry, Frank and Bessie Raymond and Mrs.
William C. Buck, a native of Washington.
RICE— In this city, November 9, 1901, Harry
Rice, son of Mrs. K. F. Lisdell, and brother
of Mr. F. R. Hartell, Mrs. J. S. Purdy, Mrs.
J. E. Lewis,' Mrs. D. E. Blackburn, Mrs. J.
; Murray and Mrs. F. Long, a native of Oak-
land, aged 18 years 11 months and 16 days.
(CTThe funeral services -will be held to-
morrow (Tuesday), at 10:15 o'clock, at the
parlors of Halsted & Co., 946 Mission street.
Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery, by 11:30
o'clock • train from Third .. and Townsend
* ' streets . '-.•¦•¦-.¦
SMITH— In Cloverdale. November 8, 1901, !
Henry G. Smith, beloved son of Patrick and !
Ann Smith, a native of California, aged 32
years. i «J» . .
SMITHSON— In this city, > November 10, 1901,
. j Robert, husband of the late Agnes Smithson,
and father of James Smltbson, a native of
Dublin, Ireland, aeed 80 years. . '. ¦ .
. * cyFriends and acquaintances are - respect-
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.
• ' (Successor to : Flannagan & Gallagher.)
DANIEL- P. DONOVAN, Mgr.
1 FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
20 Fifth st., opposite Lincoln School. ¦ ¦¦
• i">,' . . Telephone South 80. .-.-.;
Mt. yet Cemetery,
an Mateo County.
• OFFICE 816 MARKET STREET. ,-.
J. HENDERSON. Manager.
NEW FIRM OF UNDERTAKERS. ;
'.' Samuel McFadden,* 18 years manager for
; the United Undertakers' Association; M. J.
Mcßrearty, with . the same company for 18
years; P. F. Green, late with J. ¦C. . O'Con- •'
nor St Co., have opened new Funeral Par- .
lors at 1171 Mission street, between. Seventh
; and Eighth. Telephone South ' 44. -
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday) at 1:39 o'clock, from the parlors
of the California Undertaking Company, 405
Powell street, near Post. Interment Mount
Olivet Cemetery, by carriage.
TOLAND— In this city, November 10, 1901. be-
loved son of John and Elizabeth Toland, a
native of San Francisco.
VANCE— In this city, November 10, 1901. Mrs.
Mary A. Vance, a native of Townsend,
Mass., aged 69 years 6 months and 5 days.
CARD OF THANKS.
We beg to exaress our sincerest thanks to
V.\c many friends and acquaintances, for
their kindness and tokens of sympathy ten-
dered to our family in our late bereave-
ment.
JOHN H. BRICKWEDEL and Family.
GENTLEMEN'S SODALITY
OBSERVES ANNIVERSARY
Completion of Fortieth Year of the
St. Ignatius Church Society
Fitly Commemorated.
The fortieth anniversary of the Gentle
men's Sodality of St. Ignatius Churcn
was observed yesterday. Just before the
7:30 o'clock mass Rev. Father Hickey,
its spiritual director, spoke on the growth
of the sodality from a mere handful to
its present large membership. He took
occasion to state that James R. Kelly
had been a member during the entire
forty years of the sodality's existence,
and during that time had missed but one
Sunday meeting.
The entire sodality received holy com
munion in a body at the 7:30 o'clock mass.
Rev. J. Hickey is director, James K.
Kelly prefect and John E. Fitzpatrlck
first assistant prefect of the sodality.
The Beauty Parlor to Entertain.
Calaveras No. 103, the beauty parlor of
the Native Daughters of the Golden
West, will give an entertainment and
dance in Native Sons' Hall on next
Wednesday night, in aid of its fund for
the sick, which in the recent past has
been heavily drawn upon. Miss Lizzie
Wrede is the chairman of the committee
of arrangements, which has prepared a
very interesting programme.
Weather Report.
(120 th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO, Nov. 10—5 p. m.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date as compared with those of same date last
season, and rainfalls in last 24 hours:
Last This Last
Stations— 24 hra. Season. Season.
Eureka 1.02 6. 78 8.70
Red Bluff 32 4.24 3.75
Sacramento 7S 2.68 1-92
San Francisco 85 2.31 2.12
Fresno 52 1.65 .49
Independence 02 1.09 .84
San Luis Obispo 1.02 3.58 1.93
Los Angeles 44 2.44 .26
San Ditgo 37 .71 .30
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature
6S, minimum 52, mean 55.
THE COAST RECORD.
¦ . 9 js^s. em* 5
§ .SRSa&s ||- I
STATIONS. 2 S 3 3 M; So «
I jijln r i
• . ¦ : :¦¦ : ¦ •'. ' • . a
1 Astoria....-; 30.06 48 48 SW Cloudy !l0
Baker 30.02 42 32 NE Clear .00
Carson 29.94 46 38 NW Cloudy .10
Eureka..., 30.08 52 43 N Clear .00
Fresno 29.94 64 46 NE Clear .34
Flagstaff 29.96 50 SO SW Cloudy T.
Pocatello, Idaho... Sß 50 46 RW Cloudy .26
Independence 23.78 58 42 N Cloudy .02
Lo3 Angeles 29.98 64 M SW Pt Cldy .26
Phoenix 29.86 76 f.S NW Cloudy '.00
Portland 30.12 42 36 W Cloudy .00
Red Bluff 30.00 54 50 SE Cloudy. .10
Roseberg 30.08 48 40 NW Clear .00
Sacramento 29.98 56 52 E Cloudy .14
Salt Lake 29.78 64 56 NW Rain .04
San Francisco 29.98 -68 52 W Clear .01
San Luis 0bi5p0... 30.00 60 62 W Cloudy .28
Pan Dit-KO 30.00 64 56 \V . Cloudy .Hi
Seattle 30. 48 36 SE Clear .00
Spokane 30.04 38 30 SW Clear .no
Neahßay 30.02 48 33 St Cloudy .09
; Walla. Walla 30.02 50 34 SW Clear .00
Winnemucca. 29.90 46 30 S Rain .02
Yuma 29. 76 56 W Cloudy .00
San Francisco, temperature 7 a. m., 62 degrees.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
Generally cloudy weather prevails over the
Pacific Slope, and rain has been general soutn
of Oregon and Idaho. The pressure ha 3 risen
rapidly over the northwestern portion of the
country and fallen In the Missouri Valley. The
storm central in Southeastern California last
night has moved rapidly northeastward, and
now overlies North Dakota.
The temperature has fallen over the entire
country west of the Rocky Mountains.
A thunderstorm is reported from Salt Lake
City.
Conditions are favorable for clearing weather
Monday, with fresh northwest wind.
Forecast made at San Francisco for 30 hours
ending midnight, November 11:
Northern California — Fair Monday, except
showers in the mountains; fresh northwest
wind.
Southern California— Showers Monday fol
lowed by fair weather: fresh northwest wind.
Nevada— Showers, followed by fair weather
Monday; brisk northwest wind.
San Francisco and vicinity — galr Monday,
fresh northwest wind.
G. H. WILSON,
Local Forecast Official.
HOTEL ARRIVAIjS.
PALACE HOTEL.
G X Patterson & w, Pa;C Counselman, Chlcag
T J Field & w, Cal Mrs S Pisko, Denver
C S Morris, NY J E Fishburn, Los Ang
W P Potter, NY E F Clymer & w N V
B I Wheeler Berkeley J W Oliver, Boston
W F Haustein, N V W E Holmes, Tucson
O Stevens. Sacto N Strauss, N V
Dr M B Campbell CaljJ Garwood & w. Cal
H W Mortenson, Cal |J F Davis, Jackson
H Curran Stanford W J Wiley, San Mateo
S Sterling. N V MaJ S A Wolf. USA
F G Moyer NY J H Bonbright, Phlla
J Bernhelm. NY S H Weil & w N V
D G Falrchlld, DC F W Anderson & w,
Miss Barrett. Stanford New Zealand
Miss Hambly, StanfrdiT Werner, New York
H Ft Griffith & \v, Cal A B Levine, Chicago
W C Harris, London J F Morley &w, Cal
R Guttivle & w. Wash Mrs Bp.rrtngton. N V
R L Benson, Chicago Miss Barrtngton. N V i
C E Gillis, Belmont A Coleman, Columbus |
X C Gillis, Belmont IE F Colon! &w, Pa
Miss M Friedenberg, :S Reardon. Boston
New York iE J N Ott, Nev City
J C Hancock & w Pa|R G Manus Jr, Hollnd
G B Miller, Nevada A G Blanchard. Chicag
A B Coleman Martins W F Bailey. Chicago
W C Ames Oakland J C Wilson, Pittsburgh
E H Jones, NY ;C W King & w. Wash
S .T Harriot. DC E A Walz & w, N V
J B Harriot, DC !A E Falkenberg. Md
J F Douglass, N V W Moore. New York
J Camp &w. Florida Mrs J W Mitchell; R I
M A Bruranwr, N V Miss E 13 Pearson. Cal
E Regensberg & w.NY Dr X M -Lundborg. Cal
Ml?« Regensberg. N V |W S A Cole. London
E T Llttell NY 'J Rosrne. Seattle
W A Prime Chicago S A McWhorter, Neb
Mrs M Block. Chicago W B Buckminster.Mass
GRAND HOTEL.
C Herold, San Jose H W Lemcke & wife.
A C Linderen, 111 Skapuay
J A Shafer. Stanford R L Benson. Chicago
J B Brown. Cal Mrs M W Sawyer, Npa
P S Smith. Cal Mi«=s Sawyer, Kara
A White, Cal H H Sawyer, Nnna
E H Pearce. Oakland H H Loyd. Seattle
W J Lion. San Jose M B Campbell. -Patton
H S Bridges. San Jose H Bleecke & w. L A
W H Emerson, Denver J Myrk-k Jr, L A
M Cohen, Seattle J O Ferrln. T^nver
O R Gatchet. Portland C E Glafke & w. L A
A B Smith. Cal W H Nichols. Courtld
W A J Edtnser & w, F^C Hay wood, Denver
Sacramento T S Hudson. Wntsonvl
C H Selby. New York G M Olark&w. Placrvl
Mrs W Nettleton. Ia M Rorphuro, Fresno
Carrie Nettleton, Ia Geo Mainhart, Grs Vly
C H Sproule. Elko.Nev|A Anderaon&w. Sulsun
H S Sproule, Elko,Nev;M A Radcllff. Vacavll
E D Vanderheth, Nev F V Flint. Sacramentj
Mles Vanderheth. Nev F G McLean. Cal
T F McMurray & w, J B Reed&w. WnodlnJ
Sacramento D F McPhail. Holllstr
G B Levlngs, Mexico '8 E Jones. Watsonvllle
OCEAN TRAVEL.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner First ana Brannan streets, at 1 p. m.
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hiogo). Nagasaki and Shanghai and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for
India, etc. No cargo received on board on
day of palltne.
S HONGKONG MARU
Saturday, November 16, 1301
S. NIPPON MARU
Wednesday, December 11, 1901
S, AMERICA MARU
Saturday, January 4. 190J
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's office,
421 Market street, corner First.
W. H. AVERT. General Agent.
PACIFIC STEAM NAVIGATION CO.
And Cia Sud Americana de Yapores
To Valparaiso, stopping at Mexican, Central
and South American ports. Sailing from How-
ard 3. Pier 10, 12 m.
PERU Nov. 141 COLOMBIA ....Dec. 7
PALENA Nov. 23| TUCAPEL Dec. 21
These steamers are built expressly for Cen-
tral and South American passenger service.
(No change at Acapulco or Panama.) Freight
and passenger office, 316 California street.
BALFOUR, GUTHRIE & CO.. Gen. Agents.
AUCTION SALES
£a £*> £&
'•* GRAND AUCTION SALE*
TWENTY-TWO
THOROUGHBRED YEARLINGS.
Property of Charles Kerr, Bakersfleld, Cal.,
consisting of progeny of Imp. Reggie, Herald.
Lew Wier and Rio Bravo, out of the dams of
Tyrona, Kitty Kelly, Free Pass, Coupon, Ada
N. Lena, Antrim, Viking.- Misty Morn, etc
• Sale Takes Place
TO-MOBROW
TUESDAY ."„....... NOVEMBER 12, 1901
At 7:45 p. m.- —
OCCIDENTAL HORSE EXCHANGE.
OCCIDENTAL HORSE EXCHANGE.
OCCIDENTAL HORSE EXCHANGE,
¦ U - ' 721 Howard St., near Third.
Catalogues Ready. ¦ WM. G. LAYNG.
Stock Now at Yard. . Auctioneer. '
P. S.— On or about December 10, 1901. Mr.
Kerr will sell at auction all his splendidly bred
brood mares. Watch this column for further i
particulars. ' ' .
P. J. BARTB, Auctioneer.
THIS DAY, MONDAY.. NOV. 11, 1901.
At 11 A. M., _
AT 1723 SUTTER STREET. :
The Grand Parlor Upholstery: ' Large Pier
Mirror; Magnificent Carpets and Oriental Rug;
Oak Dining-room Set; Sideboard; Elegant Bed-
room Set: Sewing Machine; Dishes; Cook Range,
etc.. of the above 8-room residence. House to
rent.
TO FORECLOSE LIEN
against d. MCCARTHY.
AT AUCTION.
Thirty head horses; trotters, roadsters, Hun-
garian, and some polo ponies.
THURSDAY, at 10 a. m.
Mascot Livery Stables, 1106-1108 Golden Gate
avenue. By order W. W. CHASE CO.
£* AUCTION SALE **
At ARCADE HORSE MARKET 327 Sixth St.,
WEDNESDAY, Nov. 13. at 11 a. m., I will
sell 30 Head of Horses and Mares.
JOHN J. DOYLE. Livestock Auctioneer.
£* . £* £a
On TUESDAY, Nov. 12. at 1140 FOLSOM ST..
j at 11 a. m., I will sell a large assortment of
I Horses. Wagons, Surreys. Buggies, Carts, Har-
ness and Saddles. Sale every Tuesday.
OCEAN" TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
T^ ¦ • Steamers leave Broadway
hl. Wharf, San Francisco: '
BCTySg^ For Alaskan ports — 11 a. m.,
l3^^^ Nov. 2. 7. 12. 17, 22. 27. Dec. 2.
I |tfi>!*'\s^ Change to company' 3 steamers
i l r Afet3\EY3 at Seattle.
I IV«T^i-*s3 a For Victoria. Vancouver (B.
¦ rWaffiSffiSwl c.). Port Townsend. Seattle.
If Tacoma. Everett and New
Whatcom (Wash.)— ll a. m..
«- , ,  in ">2 27 Dec. 2. Change at
P F^u a r t e^ a ?H°u U mbol tt d O t B-ay)-^ p. m.. Nov.
Sy*s &ft only at Santa Bar-
fe^^ A Santi eS R a oo S a d
Steamer State of Cal.. Wednesdays, 9a. OB
i For Los Angeles, calling at Santa Crux Mon-
I terey, San Simeon. Cayucos. Port Harford (San
Luis Obispo). Gaviota Santa Barbara. Ven-
tura, Hueneme, East San Pedro, San ™™
j and' Newport-Steamer Corona, Saturdays.
' 9 For m Ensenada, Magdalena Bay. San Jos« , del
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz Santa Ko«aUa
, and Guaymas (Mex.)-lO a. m.. 7th each month.
i For further information obtain the company s
f °Thfoompany reserves the right to change
steamers, sailing days and hours of sailing,
i W TICKF.T OFFICE * -4 New Montgomery
street 'Palace Hotel). & CO.. Gen. Agents. \
GOODALL PERKINS * CO., Gen. Agents.
10 Market St.. San Francisco. v
O. #=?. «£ /V. CO,
Only Steamship Ij»x*» *«=
PORTLAND, Or.,
I And Short Rail Line from Portland to ajl
points East, Through, tickets to all
.points, nil rait or .steams'iio and rail, at
lowest RATES.
! STEAMER TICKETS INCLUDE BERTH MEALS.
' SS COLUMBIA Sails. .Nov. 14, 24, Dec 4, 11, 2»
I SS GEO. W. ELDER..;... .w
| " Sails Nov. 9. 19. 29. Dec. 9
I Steamer sails from foot of Spear, St., 11 a. m.
i D.W.HITCHCOCK. Gen. Agt.. 1 Montgm'v. S.F.
AMERICAN LINE.
Of YORK. SOUTHAMPTON. LONDON. PASI3,
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York Wednesdays at 10 a. m.
I St Paul Nov. 2 Ist. Paul Dec. 11
Haverford ......Nov. 27 1 St.' Louis Dec. IS
Philadelphia ....Dec. 4, Philadelphia ....Dec. U
RED STAR LINE.
' N*w York and Antwerp*
From New York Wednesdays at 12 noon.
•Vaderland Nov. 20 Friesland Dec 11
Haverford Nov. £7 Southwark Dec. IS
I •Zeeland Dec. 4 •Vaderland Dec. 23
•Stopping at Cherbourg, eastboond. -
! INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO..
CHAS. D. TAYLOR.
General Agent Pacific Coast. 30 Montgomery st.
lift ITlfßaSl^.^ l^.t^ll. ZEALAND MB SYDNET,
| Iy^iESIIV LINE TO TAHITI
S. S. VENTURA, for Honolulu. Samoa, Auck-
land and Sydney... Thursday. Nov. 14, 10 a. m.
5. S. ALAMEDA, for Honolulu
Saturday, Nov. 23. 2 p. m.
5. S. AUSTRALIA, for Tahiti.
.........'......N0v. 29, 10 a. m.
1 0. SHEKELS &Ml 50., Gener* Agents. 327 Marts! St
; Km'! Passes OSes, 643 Karfcst St., Pier do. ?. Pacific St
PANAMA R. R. S ?
TO NEW YORK VIA PANAMA .DIRECT.
Cabin, $105; Steerage, $40; Meals Free.
6. S. Argyll sails Saturday, Dec. 7
S. S. Leelanaw sails
S. 6. Argyll sails
From Howard-street wharf fPler 10.) at 2 p. m.
Freight and Passenger«Offlce. 330 Market st.
F. F. CONNOR. Pacific Coast Agent.
COMPAQNIS GENERALS TRANSATLANTIQDS j
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. £**.
Sailing every Thursday instead of <QU\SjV .
Saturday, at 10 a. m., from pier 42. ¦ I ¦¦¦'I *
North River, foot of Morton street.
First class to Havre, 170 and upward. Second
class to Havre, J45 and upward. GENERAL
AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES and CAN-
ADA, 32 Broadway (Hudson building!, N»w
York. J. F. FUGAZI & CO.. Pacific Coast ,
Agents. 6 Montgomery avenue. San Francisco. j
Tickets wild by nil Railroad Ticket Agents.
BAY AND : RIVER STEAMERS.
FOR U. S. NAVY YARD AND VALLEJ3
; Stamen GEN. FRISBIS or MONTICELLO
5:43 a. m.. 2:15 and 8:30 p. m.. except Sun-
day. Sunday, 9:45 a. m.. 8:30 p. m. Leaves
1 Vallejo 7 a. m.. 12:20 noon. « p. m., except
Sunday. Sunday. 7 a. m.. 4:15 p. m. Fart» 50
cents. Telephone Main 1308. Landing and
' I cilice, pier 2, Mlssion-st. ; dock. HATCH
I I BROS.
I . *
EAUiWAY TRAVEL.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAa
Via Sausailt* F«rry.
Commencing September Z4. 1301.
• FROM SAN KUAN CISCO TO MILL VALLEY
AND SAN RAFAEL.
• WEEK DAYS— 6:SS. S:3U. *»:30. 11:00 a. m
I *1:45 3:15, 4:15. 6:15, *6:15, 6:43 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and Sa.i
1 Rafael on Mondays, Wednesdays and Satur-
days at 9:30 and 11:40 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 'B:OO. »10:00. "11:30 a. m «1 15
1 3:15, *4:45, 6:30, 9:30 p. m. ¦ ,
Trains marked V) run to San Quentin
1 FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN KKAMCISCO
WEEK DAYS-« 5:25, 6:27, 7:45,: 8:35. 10:15
I a m. »12:25, 2:15, »3:35, 4:40, 5:30 p. m -• -~- ;
• EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 6:45 and 9:55 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 6:IS, *8:00, *10:00. Ml :4a' a. m
¦ •1:40, *3:15. 4:45. «6:30 p. m.
T Trains marked (*> start from San Quentin
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO
WEEK DAYS— 6:45. 7:55, 8:55, 10:30 a. in '
12:35, 2:45. 3:50, 5:10 p. m. . • - .-•„ » "
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays and
I Saturdays. at 7:10 and 10:35 p. m.
, • SUNDAYS— 10:05 a. m.. 12:03 2:15 330
1 5:00, 6:45 p. m. ¦ .- . • ¦ • .
" . : THROUGH TRAINS.
8:55 a. m. week days— Cazadero and way sta-
t ions. ¦¦••¦•.- ¦ . ¦:
I 1:45 p. m. Saturdays— Mills and way
¦ stations. ; • .; . :• ' .
." 8:00 a. m. ;; — Duncan Mills, and way
t stations. . •
Legal Holidays boats and trains will run on
Sunday . time.
~ U BAZLWAY TRAVEL.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC.
Train* lent* nail nr« il«it» *•» nrrlv* M
WAN rBAJU'MM «».
(Main Line, Foot of Market Street.)
LCATB — ' From NOTBJIB** 4. 1901. — irriti
7:OO\ Benlci*, Suiauu, Klmir* and Sacra-
1 - meut0. ............................ 6:3-"Sp
7:o© a VacnUle. Winters. I'.umael ~:.V»r
7:Ui)A Martinet, San Uaiuon, Vallejo. Kap»,
CaiiatuK»Mid Sane* lton «s23p
8:0" A D»?U, Woodland. Knlgnts Lauding,
Maryatilie. urnrilU 7:»-"»P
8:OO.« Atlantic Kxpreaa— OgJeu and KadC N:23.\
»:<h>a Mies. Lathrop, Stockton 7.23F
»:OO.\ Nile*. Menilota, Hanford. Viaalia,
PorterriUe 4-35p
S:3»A Bhaata Express— Daiia, Williams <for
Bartlett Springs,*, WiUJvrs, Bad
Blu«. Portland. 7:33r
¦iS»A San Join. Liteniiorr, .Stockton,
lone. Sacramento. Plact-rrlU«>,
M»ry»»ille. Chlci>. lilulT 4:».1r
N:it»A Oakdale, Chinese, Sonora. Carters... «l«3»
»:«»> H*yw«rJ, Niicsaiul Way dtatiou*.. I I.*3a
A. Vailf jo 1»:23f
tI:MI>A Lot Angeles Express — Martina*.
Tracy. Latlirnp. Stork tou. Merced
Freano and Los Angeles 7523p
•»::»»* Valli-J... Marlines ami Way 8t»»!on« 7:33r
lOsVUA The OTerUmi Limited— Ogdeu. Ten-
ter, Omaha, Chicag.. »»«3f
fl:O»r Sacramento Hirer Si.e«ni«ni fIM»»F
8:30p Harvard, Nil'-* and Way Stations.. 7:33p
- 4iWVr U»nicta, Winters, Baeraiuento r
Woodland. Knlltbla Lauding.
M,ir ; .»»llle, Oni*llle 10:33 a
•fiOOr MarMner.. San Ramon. Vallejo,
Ni»|>n. < '»linto ». .Santa Itosa Bi«3\
4iOOr Nile*. LlTertnore. Stockton. L 0.11... 12>*-i3r
' *::i«»r Hiyward, Miles, Man Jose, Li»*rmore t»;.V*A
4:S»p Port Cos-a. Tracy, Latbrop. Stockton 1«:23a
3:VUp The Owl Limited- Fresno, Tulare,
•J BaheriUetil. Mangns for Santa liar-
bara, Los Angolas S:33a
B:OOp Hartin'Z. Antioch, Stockton, Mer-
ced, Fresno Wt«3»
9:30p New Orleans Eipws— Mendota,
Fresno, Bakersfleld. Los Angeles.
Demlng, El Paso, New Orleans
and East 7:554 .
SiOOp Hayward. Niles and San Juae 7..V» 4
? •:O« p Val lejo IliS3*
OiO»r Oriental Mall— Ogileu, Cheyenne,
Omaha, Chicago Si23a
:OOp Oriental Mail— Ogden. Denver,
St. Louis. Chicago •:»»*
7iOOr Oregon aud California K«i>rea», *ao-
rnineiito Marjmllle. l(e<l<l!ii«,
I'orthin.l, I'ngek .Hound ami Kaak 9:33 a
St«3pSan Pablo, Pork Costa, Martinez
and Way stations II :33a
l»:03p Vall»]<> 7i33p
COAST LINE (Harrow Unn>;e).
(Foot of Market Street.)
»:!••> a Newark. Center* Me, San. lose, Pol ton,
• HouUl srCreeK, Santa Crux and Way
Stations - 3:3«»
t**lSr Newark, CenterTllle. Sail .lose, New
Almailmi. Fulton, lioiilder Creek,
Santa Cruz and l'rinclpal Way
Stations ••t.l«*
4tl-1p Newark, Mau Jose, Los Gatos tS:3«*
a9.3up Hunter* 1 Train— San Jose and Way
Stations *7.— » ,
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
From Si! m» CISCO— Fool of Markst Strset (Slip 3)—
ti:lS • 9:00 11:00 a.m. 1:03 3:09 B:18r a.
rimOllUlO— r«it*rßrua«*T.— l«:oo {8:00 tS:OS
10:00*.M. 13:03 3. 00 1:03 r.U.
COAST LINE <IJroa.l «a.««e).
fl hlr J and lownsetid Stu.)
<!:H>A San Jose and Way stations. .... Ot!H»r
7:0Oa Han Jose »n»l Way Stations l:»itp
/7:U«a New Aln:ad<-n / *tl9r
uiUOa Han Jose. Tres I'inos. Banta Cm*.
Paelllo tiri>««, .Salinas, dan Lola
ObUpo. Santa Barbara and Prin-
cipal intermediate Stations 7:43p
1O:-.IOa San Jose and Way .Stations..... 4:1 op
I l::i(»A San Jose anil Way Sdntloiis Bi3OF
12:<13f Ban Mateo. Uadwood. Menlo Park.
Palo Alto. Bauta Clara. Han .lose.
Tres Pino*. Santa » 'nut. Salinas.
Monterey ami Pacific Cirove »l#>i4.la .
1-.nnp San .lose and Way Stations. •:»•»
t-tslSp San Joaeand Principal Way Stations »••** ': •
t'l:OUrSan Jos*. Los Gatoe and Principal
Way Stations f9:OO*
5:31»p San Joan ami Principal Way Stations »:3«a
«:«»Op Redwood, San Josh, Gl'roy. Salinas,
Santa Barbara. Lou ADgeles 10:03%
«::t»p San .lose ami Way Stations {<•:<•<>«
qll;4sp3ai» Jong and War Stations 6:««»p
A for Morning 1* for Afternoon,
f Hmirtay excelled. J Snn<lay only,
a Saturday only. / Tuesdays and Friday.
: z= ,
CALIFORNIA NORTBWESTBI 11 Ct
LjIESSHEH
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
. - Tlburon r«nry. r««t ** ¦m4 M > ar*
San Francisco to .an Balatjl*
WEEK DAYS— 9:00. 11:00 a. m. 12:33.
3:30, 5:10. S:3O p. m. Thursdays— trl?
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at I:jU
and 11:30 d. m.
SUNDAYS— B:OO. 9:30. JIM a. m. 1:30. 3:JU,
5:06, 6:20 p. m.
San Rafael to San Francisco.
WEEK DAYS-6:10. 7:50, 9:20, 11:10 a. m. ; 12:45,
3:40, 5:15 cm. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:m
and 6:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:10. 9:40. 11:10 a. m. ; 1:40. 1:40 l
8:05. 6:25 p. m.
Leave i In Effect I Arrive
San Francisco. April 28. 1901. San Francisco.
j Week I Sun- I"• I Sun- 1 Week '
Days, [ ¦ days. | Destination. I days. [ uays.
7:30 am 8:C0 am Novato, 10:40 ami 8:40 am
3:30 pml 9:30 ami Petaluma, I 6:05 pm 10:25 am
5:10 pm 1 5:00 pm| Santa Rosa. I 7:35 pmi 8:20 pra
Fulton.
7:30 am •• Windsor. | . 10 25 am
6:00 pm Healdsburg:, 10:40 am
Lytton.
Geyserville. |
3:30 pm 8:00 am Cloverdale, I 7:35 pm 8:20 pra
7:30 am 5:00 pm Hopland, 10:40 am 10:25 am
3:30 pm 8:00 am and Uklah. | 7:35 pm 8:20 pm
7:30 ami " ,10:40 am 10:25 am
I 3:00 ami . Ouerneville. I 7:35 pm
3:30 pm| 5:00 pm | 6:20 pm
7:30 am 8:00 ami Sonoma I 9:15 am 3:40 am
{ I and 1
5:10 poi 5:00 pm. Glen Ellen. | 8:05 pm 6:20 pm
7:30 am; 8:00 ami . 110:40 am 110:251 10:25 am
3:30 pmf 5:00 pm[ SebaatopoL I 7:35 pm| 6:20 pra
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs and White Sulphur Springs; at Fulton
for Altrurla: at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at
Geyserville for Skaggs Springs; at Cloverdal*
for the Geysers; at Hopland for Duncan
Springs, Highland Springs, Kelseyville, Carts* •"
bad Springs, Soda Bay. Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs; at Ukiah for Vichy Springs. Saratoga
Springs. Blue Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake. Witter
Springs, Upper Lake, Porno. Potter Valley.
John Day's, Riverside, Herley's, Bucknell's,
Sanhedrin Heights,. Hullville. Orr's Hot
Springs, Mendocino City, Fort Bragg. West-
port, Usal. Willlta. Laytonvllle. Cummins.
I Bell's Springs, Harris. Olsen's, Dyer, Scotia
and Eureka. .-.-, '¦¦'. :
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates.
On Sundays round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket office, 850 Market street. Chronicle
building.
. H. C. WHITING. R. X. RTAN.
Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass A«t.
p — ,
—
Santa Fe
Trains— Daily.
Leave Market-street Ferry Depot.
1 I Local ! Llm'd I Ovrl'd i Local
\ ) Dally ) Daily \ Daily ( Daily
Lv. San Fran, 7:20 a ' 9:00 a 8: 00 p ! 4:20 p
Ar. Stockton. 10:18 a 11:46 a 11:10 p 7:IS p j
" Merced... 12:25 p 1:17 p 1:30 a 9:11 »
. " - Fresno.... 2:05 p 2:35 p 3:15 a 10:50 p
" Hanford.. 3:12 p 3:27 p 8;05a
• Visalla 3:39 p 5:00 a.
" Bakersfld. 6:15 p 5:20 p 7:15 a
¦ •' Kan City : 2:40 a 7:30 a
"Chicago I 2:15 p I 9:00 p
a for morning, p for afternoon.
9:00 a m. train is the California Lim-
ited, • carrying Palace Sleeping . Cars and
Dining Cars through to Chicago. Chair Car
runs 'to Bakersfleld fur accommodation of
local first-class passengers. -No second-
class " tickets are honored on this train.
Corresponding train arrives- at 7:05 a. m.
daily.
4:20 p. m. 13 Stockton, Merced and Fresno
local. Corresponding train arrives at 12.
p. m. dally.
8:00 p. m. is the Overland Express, with
through Palace and Tourist Sleepers and
Free Reclining Chair Cars to Chicago; also
Palace Sleeper, which cuts-out at Fresno.
Corresponding train arrives at 8.00 p. m.
daily.
7:20 a. m. is Bakersfield Local, stopping
at all points in San Joaquln Valley. Cor-
responding, train arrives at S: 10 a. m. dally.
Offices^ — 641 Market street and In Ferry
Depot, San Francisco; 1112 Broadway. Oak-
l£nd^^^^_^^^^^^^^^_^^_^^^_^_
nOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
Leave Via Sausaliro Ferry | Arrive
San Fran. Foot of Market St. I San Fran.
| 1:1.1 P. '¦"¦• lr kD^— *• 5:55 P.
Fare, Su fWitm to Suomit lad lUnn. It 30.
• Vcktt Ot&cM, «a «hht gram — d sabsamto K»»r.
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
62t> KEiBST ST. Established
in IS** for the treatment «f Private
Diseases, Loml Manno<xL Debility or
<iiv»as<* wearing on body ami mind and
Skin Diseases. The Doctorcnres when
others fail. Try him. «;harges low.
(urMiuaranlfri. Cull or writ*
I> r . J. y. *»IB!tOJa". Hau Francisco. CaL
WBBflyCafl $1.00 our Year
910
ADVERTISEMENTS.
COLDS 7
I regard my COLD CURE as more
valuable than* a life insurance policy.
It not only cures colds in the head,
colds in the lungs, colds in the bones,
but it wards off dangerous diseases
such as grippe, diphtheria, pneumo-
nia, and consumption.— flUNYON.
Munyon's Rheumatism Cure seldom fails to relieve
in one to three hours, and cures in a few days.
Munyon's Dyspepsia Cure positively cures ail
forms of indication and stomach trouble.
Munyon's Cough Cure stops coujrns, night sweats,
tllavs soreness and speedily heals the lungs.
Manyon's Kidney Cure quickly cures pains in the
back, loins or groins. and ail formsof kidney disease.
Munyon'sVitalizcrrestoreslostpowerMo weak men.
I All the cures are 25 cents, at any drug store.
Mnnyon's Guide to Health should be in the
hands of every mother. It will help them to knoxf
the symptoms of every disease and tell them the
pioper treatment. Sent free to any address.
Mnnyon, New York and Philadelphia.
¦OYOVS IMUI.EB CUBES tATIBBH.
STATEMENT
—OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
Aff T*TJTT
— UF 1 ahs ™
AMERICAN
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF BOSTON, IN THE STATE OF MASSA-
chusetts, on the 21st day of December, A.
D. 1300. and for the year ending on that day.
if made to the Insurance Commissioner of the
State of California, pursuant to the provisions
of Sections 610 and €11 of the Political Code,
condensed as per blank furnished by the Com-
missioner.
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up in
Cash $300,000 00
ASSETS.
. Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company $553. 566 50
Cash in Company's Office 1,992 36
Cash in Banks 19,189 39
Interest due and accrued on all Stocks
and Loans 2,802 62
Premiums in due Course of Collection. 46,640 11
Due from other Companies for Rein-
surance on losses already paid 142 33
Total Assets $624,633 51
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid $3,232 17
Losses in process of Adjustment or in
Suspense 11.904 22
Gross premiums on Fire Risks, run-
ning one year or less, $170,384 62;
reinsurance 50 per cent 85,192 31
Gross premiums on Fire Risks, run-
ning more than one year, $131,748 05;
reinsurance pro rata 84,115 60;
Due and accrued for salaries, rent. etc 6,308 61 1
All other liabilities 19,678 47
Total Liabilities .$209,431 48
INCOME. =====
Net cash actually received for Fire
premiums $211,996 15
Received for Interest and dividends on
Bonds, Stocks, Loans, and from all
other sources 21. 615 13
Received from all other sources 820 26
Total Income $234,431
EXPENDITURES. "^
Net amount paid for Fire Losses (in-
cluding $20,941 90, losses of previous
years) $131,184 25
Dividends to Stockholders 9,000 00
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 47,028 51
Paid for Salaries, Fees, and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc 20,68114
Paid for State', National and Local
taxes 8,91g 75
All other payments and expenditures.. 34,643 85
Total Expenditures .$251,456 50
Fire.
losses Incurred during the year $123,531 42
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. ' Premiums.
Net amount of Risk*'
written during the
year $28,844,803 $304,187 12
Net amount of Risks
expired during the
year ! 25,241,598 264,115 64
Net amount in force!
December SI. 1900.... 80,386,855 322.132 67
FRANCIS PEABODT, President
HENRY S. BEAN. Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me, this 4th
flay of February, 1901.
I GEORGE M. AMERIGE.
Notary Public.
PACIFIC COAST DEPARTMENT.
BAGGS 4 STOVEL,
General Agents,
411 CALIFORNIA STREET,
San Francisco. Cal.
®VIM. VIGOR. VITALITY tor MEN
MORMON BISHOP' PILLS
have been in use over fifty
years by the leaders of the
Mormon Church and their
followers. Positively cure the
worst cases in oil and young
arising from effects of self-
abuse, dissipation, excesses or
cigarette-smoking. Cure Lost
Manhood, Impotency, Lost
Power, Night Losses, Insom-
nia. Pains in Back. Evil Desires. Lame Back.
Nervous Debility, Headache, Unfitness to Mar-
ry. Loss of Semen, *— Varlcocele or Con-
etlpation.Stcji Ncr *^ Mm vous Twitching of
Eyelids, Effects are Z^rmYm immediate. Im-
part vigor and pote c**c '*'* ncy to every func-
tion. Don't get despondent; a cure is at nana.
Restore small, undeveloped organs. Stimulate
the brain and nerve centers: 60c a box: < for
12 60 by mail. A written guarantee to cure or
money refunded with 6 boxes. Circulars free
Address BISHOP REMEDY CO., 40 Ellis st
San Francisco. Cal. GRANT DRUG CO.. it
and 40 Third Et.
6 visit DR. JORDAN'S great i
#IdUS E U M OF ANATOMY*
\ *tf !£*• Largest Anatomical Museum in the \
§ (srafe^ ™ or "i «"ie«es or »ny contracted A
_© iSSfI bpcciiiist on the Coast Em. 36 years. 0
I fl*2£§ DR. JORDAN-DISEASES OF MEN A
A I VWK?H Consultation free and Milrtir prirstc. \
•* I fV% *i n """"^ personalij- cr by letter. A A
\ I / Slg Pomtwt Curt in every cast undertaken. W \
iff/ lit? * >i« for ok. PIILOKUPIVeri
\ l ll™ »»*»I*CE. r,"*' LED FREE> '" '
A (J ly. <ra!uable book lor men) \
V OK. JOBt»A.\4IO., 1051 Market St.. S. F. V i
'i'^ ~^ "^ ~^*> "^ *n 1 ifc ¦> ¦> i » n
r
IA/. T. HESS,
KOTAKT PUBLIC AND ATTORNEY-AT-LIW.
Tenth Floor, Room 1015, Claus Spreckeis Bldg
TeleDhone Main 983.
Residence. 821 California St.. below Powell.
Residence Telephone James 1501.
tSTRONGt STR0NG &Co.^?*^.
£« "PATENTS! j)
PACE nnl/l I Corner Fourth and
1 Ur T XII I U I our SvtcM Brew.
UH I L I ! U I H L fr^sSaJ-si
valises checked free.
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DAMIANA BITTERS. THE I
Great Mexican remedy; gives health and
•tre&ftli to sexual organs. Depot, 323 Market. J
CALVE LEAVES PALACE BECAUSE THEY
WOULD NOT LET HER KEEP HER DOG
THE WORLD-FAMOUS PRIMA DONNA, GREATEST OF CARMENS AND ONE OF THE BRIGHTEST STARS IN
THE GALAXY OF ARTISTS THAT MAURICE GRAU BRINGS TO THIS CITY TO GIVE SAN'fRANCISCANS
A SEASON OF HIGH CLASS GRAND OPERA
ORPHEUM GIVES
EXCELLENT SHOW
"Shore Acres" Splendidly-
Presented at the
California.
"The Girl With the Auburn Hair"
thrilled the Orpheum patrons last night
with her rich mezzo-soprano voice and
dazzling transformation scenic effects.
The act is truly styled the sensation of
the decade. John Morrissey stood at the
back of the house and smiled confidently
and winked knowingly when quizzed
about the much talked of novelty. When
"The Girl With the Auburn Hair" began
her solo behind a beautiful church scene,
resembling very much the one in "The
Old Homestead," the big audience was
hushed into silence and the dazzling sheen
of the calcium faded gradually and gave
way to the prettiest transformation effect
that has ever held down the boards at
the popular playhouse. "The Girl With
the Auburn Hair" is certainly a pearl of
great price as far as beauty and ability to
sing are concerned.
Lillian Burkhart appeared in a brand
new act, entitled "The Eighth Year," and
increased her local popularity several
pegs.
Fred Niblo's streak of funny sayings
and up-to-date side-bursters kept the
house in paroxysms of laughter. The
Onllaw trio of aerial equilibrists do a first
rate act. Mile. Onllaw balances a bicycle
on a slack wire, supported by the teeth of
her two male partners, who balance them
selves on a pedestal while performing
their feat of strength. The Frazer troupe
of international dancers and Burton's
troupe of acrobatic dogs are also features
of the bill. The Lockos do a clever bag
punching act. Joseph Adelman, with his
new invention, the chime organ, was well
rec eived.
• • •
The performance of "Shore Acres" at
the California last night did not begin un
til 9 o'clock, owing to a belated train, but
a big audience was amply repaid for Its
patience by witnessing a splendid produc
tion of the popular play. James A. Herne
has been replaced in the part of Nathaniel
Berry by James T. Galloway, who close
ly resembles his precedessor, not only in
looks but also In his work. The same
company that supported Herne is with the
present production and all the members
give valuable assistance in the portrayal
of the homelike scenes and Incidents with
which the piece abounds. The famous
second act, with the real turkey and all
Mellin's
Food makes the home modifi-
cation of milk easy.
Mellin's
Food makes milk agree with
your baby.
Mellin's
Food makes firm lesh and
sound limbs. ;
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, NOVEMBER 11, 1901.
Famous Carmen Refuses to Be Separated From Collie Queen
Victoria Gave Her, and Though Sick and Unhappy, She Seeks
Other Lodgings, Where the Adored Animal Is Made Welcome
ME. EMMA CALVE, the world
famous Carmen and one of the
big Grau stars, arrived in town
yesterday morning and went to
the Palace Hotel. At 3 o'clock
In the afternoon the great singer, sick
and unhappy, left the Palace and betook
herself, her maid servant, her man serv
ant and her dog to the Crocker, a board
ing-house at the corner of Leavenworth
and Pine streets. Mme. Calve left the big
hostelry because a stony hearted man
the accessories of a home dinner created
much amusement. The savory odor of
the national bird permeated the audi
torium and drove several dyspeptics to
eat the first meal they had enjoyed in
years. Marion Cullen, as Helen Berry,
who braves her father's displeasure to run
off with the man she loves, was sweet and
natural. Allen Crolius as Young Nat
Berry was typical of the irrepressible boy.
Charles E. Fisher as Joel Gates and
v ivien Bryen as "Mandy " Gates fur
nished much of the fun, most of which
caused shrieks of laughter.
Next week Haverly's Minstrels, enlarged
and improved, come to this house.
• • •
At 7:45 to-night— take particular note of
the time, for impresrio Grau is a man of
his word— the rirst Hote of the gran.l
opera season will be struck, in "Lohen
grin," at the Grand Opera-house.
All the artists who take part in the op
era are known to us here with the excep
tion of Emma Eames, whose appearance
is one of the events of the season. Th-?
magnificent Ortrud of Mme. Schumann-
Heink is remembered with intense pleas
ure, as also Mr. Van Dyck's superb ren
dering of the title role. Edouard d 3
Reszke's king, Mr. Blspham as Telra
mund and Mr. Muhlmann as the herald
are other splendors of the cast, not to
mention the conducting, which is in the
competent hands of Walter Damrosch.
Mme. Eames is sajd to be one of tha
finest Elsas on the stage, and the interest
in her appearance is second to none of
the new stars that Mr. Grau brings with
him this year. Chorus, orchestra and
mountings are of the usual splendid order
of anything connected with Mr. Grau s
name. At 7:45, remember.
• • •
"The First Duchesa of Marlborough "
with Sarah Cowell Le Moyne in the title
role, at the Columbia Theater is one of
the most striking artistic successes of the
season. No actress that has come here
for many months compare with Mrs. Le
Moyne as a reader, and she is no less
satisfying as an actress. She is excel
lently suited in Mr. Metzger's play,
though it by no means exhibits her in the
full range of her genius. Mrs. Le Moyne
will be warmly welcomed here should
she come West again, her commanding
intelligence sufficing to make any play
in which she might appear strongly in
teresting. In Mrs. Le Moyne's support
are to be found many sterling actors in
particular Frederick Paulding, Joseph
Wllkes, Mary E. Barker and Nora
O'Brien. •
• • •
The Alcazar stock company presents
this week "For Fair Virginia," Russ
"Whytal's favorite military drama. Th»
Alcazar company is at present of the
strongest, and the patrons of the popular
house are Fhowing their appreciation in
a manner very satisfactory to the box
office. Miss Convere and Miss Wycherley
the new leading ladies, have both become
great favorites with the house, and Mr
Alsop is strengthening with each per
formance the favorable impression hs
made on his first appearance. Next week
the recent Madison-square success, "Se;f
and Lady," will be put on.
• • •
The clever ycung folks of the Pollard
Australian Juvenile Opera Company are
attracting large houses at the Tivoll. It
is one of the most successful novelties of
the season. The children slnjr. dance an.l.
act in a fashion that shames more thai
one company of the elders that have done
light opera here, and the pieces are cos
tumed and mounted with satisfactory
splendor. The stage management is thor
oughly up to date and the music, under
the direction r>f Alfred E. Moulton, goes
with snap and finish throughout. The
week's bill will be "A Gaiety Girl."
• * *
The Central promises to outdo itself
this week in an elaborate production of
the "Lights o' London," in which the
scenic artist will play a strong part. Tho
London bridge scene is said to be one of
the most realistic pictures that the Cen
tral stage has ever seen. Hallett Thomp
son, the new leading man. will appear as
Harold Armytage, and others in the cast
are Willard Blackmore, Ernest Howel!,
Annette Marshall and Oza Waldrop.
• • •
The new bill which opens at the Chute?
ag«ment positively refused to permit the
great diva to keep her dog "Jack" In the
room with her. They offered the magnifi
cent Scotch collie the hospitality of the
hotel cellar, but the devoted animal set
up such a piteous yelp on being separated
»from his mistress that the great singer's
heart was torn.
"What!" she cried in her native tongue,
"allow my beloved dog that Queen Vic
toria gave me to be Imprisoned In a damp
cellar? Never! If he can't stay in my
room with me, why I'll go where he can,"
and the management proving relentless
MANY STRIKERS
TO RESUME WORK
Machinists Will Take
Advantage of Win
ter Schedule.
While the machinists' strike is still in
full official existence it is probable that
to-day will see most of the shops with
full complements of hands. The regular
winter hour schedule, which conforms
with the schedule demanded by the strik
ers, goes into effect to-day, and It is ex
pected that a majority of the striking ma
chinists will take advantage of this to re
turn to work.
There have been so many rumors of tho
men returning to work that none of the
employers are banking too much on to
day's promised cessation of hostilities.
"We will believe they are coming back
when we see them," is all they say about
the matter.
At the headquarters of the Machinists'
Union those in authority declined to dis
cuss the matter at all. "Our fight for
nine hours' work and no reduction of
pay is still on and we're going to fight un
til we win out," is still the burden of their
song.
As the winter schedule conforms with
this demand the men will be able to re
turn to work now with some show of con
sistency. As far as the employers are
concerned they are more than willing to
resume active operations and are not go
ing to borrow trouble by worrying about
the men's action when the time comes for
the resumption of the summer schedule,
which involves an extra hour's work for
the same pay.
In spite of the machinist leaders' refusal
to talk, however, and of the employers'
expressions of incredulity, it seems to be
pretty certain that this week will see most
of the men back at work. They will ac
cept the truce offered by the winter
schedule and in the meanwhile spare no
efforts to make the peace permanent.
There is plenty of work awaiting the men
who have been idle since May 20 and al
though they may not expect ever to make
up the wages lost during the strike, there
is plenty of opportunity for some good
pay days between now and Christmas.
While the union officials refuse to dis
cuss the matter, individual members de
clare that their return to work to-day is
not only a possibility but a certainty and
that their return is under instructions
from union headquarters.
Assaults Husband With Knife.
Mrs. Mary Lynch, who lives at 24 Gil
bert street, last evening cut her husband,
Thomas Lynch, across the face with a
carving knife. Thomas was treated at
the Receiving Hospital. Mary was ar
rested and locked up with a charge of
assault to murder placed against her.
n hen Lynch was taken to the hospital he
told a story of an encounter with un
known men, but police Investigation re
vealed Mary the guilty party. Mary, it
seems, returned to her home about 7
o clock in the evening somewhat the worse
for liquor. Her husband's protestations
aroused her anger and resulted in the
light, which ended with the knife assault
Lynch's wound is not dangerous.
to-day includes the famous Paloma La
dles Quartet; the Kramers, singers an.l
dancers; Grazer and Trelease. in their
mystic mirror dance: Mitchell and Bar
? v Gotharr i's favorite vocalists; Chris
ty, the tramp juggler, and Belle Williams
in new coon songs. A series of new mov
ing pictures will also be shown. J
Mme. Calve left the big hotel and went
to the family boarding-house where weil
behaved dogs are tolerated. Up at the
Crocker there was a great commotion
when the celebrated singer arrived. A
courteous physician placed his room at
the disposal of the diva, the landlady
gave ud to her the private parlor, and
the two rooms converted into a suite made
very spacious and elegant apartments for
the great star.
Mme. Calve is a very sick woman. She
is suffering from a severe attack of bron
chial trouble, and while her illness is not
alarming her physician advises the great
est care, strict seclusion and absolute
rest. Therefore, as soon as her rooms at
the Crocker were in readiness the great
Binger retired and denied herself to all
callers, making, graciously, however an
exception for The Call representative on
account of a mutual and much esteemed
friend.
Although her illness had almost robbed
ncr of her voice, in no other way is it
apparent that the great Carmen is ill.
Diva Is a Beautiful Woman.
Mme. Calve is more than beautiful. Her
eyes are big and of a deep brown and
full of light and fire of soul. Her nose
is fine and sensitive. Her mouth is fas
cinating. It is neither small nor yet too
large, and when the coral lips part with
a dimpling smile there is a charm about
the singer that one would find it hard to
resist. She has a beautifully shaped head,
crowned with masses of raven black hair,
and a skin that is fine and smooth and
with that ivory tint to it that the French
call matte. She is tall and large, not fat-
She has a wonderful chest development,
a magnificent throat and arms that are
magnificently molded.
Her voice Is caressing and smooth as
velvet. When she speaks her face lights
up, her eyes flash and again melt and a
wonderful magnetism that is her very es
sence holds captive all around her.
Mme. Calve speaks but very little Eng
lish. She has a vocabulary of about ten
English words. She can say "How do you
do," "thank you" and "I am sick," and
she says them all with a delicious French
accent that is most fascinating.
In her native tongue she told her joys
and her woes to 'me Call interviewer.
She confessed that she had seen consid
erable of California from the car window,
but that she was madly in love with the
State, its flowers, its green fields and
dancing sunlight.
"I am so sorry." she whispered, "that
I shall not be able to sing on Tuesday
evening. I have heard much about San
Francisco audiences and I am anxious to
see if they will be pleased with me. I
am taking extreme care of myself and
hope to be able to sing on Friday even
ing. I do not want to disappoint the San
Francisco public if I can help it.
"I shall religiously do everything my
doctor orders me to," went on the singer,
sipping a glass of milk, the first thing on
the programme of the physician's instruc
tion, "and I hope to be well soon. I had
a bad cold in Los Angeles, and as I did
not wish to disappoint the people I sang
in spite of it. The result is this bronchial
trouble that has robbed me temporarily
of my voice.
Singer I*oves Her Dog.
"What do you think of that Palace Ho
tel," went on the diva, brushing aside the
subject of her illness, "not to allow my
dog in my room? They said 'put him in
the cellar.' I had him put there. When
I was about to leave him he barked so
piteously that my heart was torn and I
determined then and there to leave the
hotel. It was so lonely in that cellar. It
was just like a prison. What I would not
wish to befall me I will not allow to
happen to my dog. I love my dog and he
adores me. We have never been parted.
Queen Victoria gave him to me two
months before she died and he has been
with me ever since. He is devoted and
gentle and I cannot understand how any
one could object to him."
As a preliminary to taking the splendid
care that is going to banish the provok
ing cold and consequent hoarseness. Calve
had the gas extinguished and called for a
large oil lamp to be used for illuminating
her apartments.
"Gas consumes the oxygen and that is
bad for the voice," she explained. For
the same reason the diva asked that coal
should be banished from her grate and
only logs used. "I must get well," she
declared, "so I can sing to your audi
ences that I am so anxious to please and
see your beautiful city, of which I have
heard so much."
GRATJ'S STAHS ABBIVE.
Members of Opera Company Come on
Special Train.
The members of the Grau Opera Com
pany arrived from Los Angeles on a spe
cial train at midnight last night. It was
expected that the party would reach here
at 9 o'clock, but fate decreed otherwise.
The train did not arrive at Castroville
until 7 o'clock, and a stop was made for
dinner. A start was made for this city
at 8;30. and the singers arrived in a
tired condition from their long trip. They
were assigned to their apartments in the
Palace and retired for a much-needed
rest.
When asked for interviews they all
pleaded fatigue, but expressed themselves
as delighted to be once more in San
Francisco. They were exceedingly happy
over their successes in the southland,
which were veritable triumphs, they said.
In the party were:
Mme. Gadskl. Mme. Segard, Suzanne Adams.
Mile. Bauermelster, Louise Belce. Mme. Sem
brich. Fritze-Scheff Schumann-Heink, Dlppel,
De Marchl, Relss, Salignac. Blspham Campa
narl, Declery, Scottl, Dd Reszke. Joiirnet and
Seppilli.
Trapper's Oil cures rheumatism and neuralgia.
Druggists, 60c flask. Richard & Co. 406 Clay. •
Presented With a Sword.
Prior to his departure to assume the
duties of his new station Lieutenant W.
H. Tobin of the United States army,
formerly connected with the First Cali
fornia Volunteers, was presented on Sat
urday night by his brother officers wit'i
a handsome artillery saber. Colonel
Thomas F. O'Neil made the presentation
speech, and the line and staff officers all
wished the recipient success in his new
position. Lieutenant Tobln left last night
for Fort Stevens, Oregon, where he will
act as first lieutenant of the Thirty-fourth
Company of Coast Artillery, U. S." A.
Artistic Ladies' Tailoring. LESTER.
8 Kearny street, upstairs. •
Ambition has prevented many a man
from making a success of small things.
At the Opera -a.
Good Parr of
OPIpASSES
V^r ' J Will- increase
/ ' \ S\ the pleasure of
-f '•'¦¦ ' /" I the perform-
r-r^ £/) ance lmrneas-
~?"J^s% --fir urably. We
'•J^jM • _^*~-^v have just .- re-
i* 1 (-^f^i celved a large .
T-«ci2*a? Importation of -
ri^-li^T the new
styles, printfl-
•» . pally the cele-
j * orated
Lemaire Classes
Recognized the world over as
the best opera ; glasses made.
We are Pacific Coast agents
for them. Prices lower than
ever. ¦ .
member Name and Addrsn.
gI#ABDOPn£AI6
217Ke3rney5b5.F.
This week we will place on sale the most
complete assortment of FINE LINEN GOODS
we have ever shown, This importation is
from the best manufacturers in Belfast,
Ireland, and consists of Fine Table Damask
Sets in all sizes, Extra Qualities Satin
Damask Table Linens, Fine Hemstitched
Towels, both damask and huckaback; Hem-
stitched Linen Sheets and Pillow Cases, Fine
Hand-Embroidered Linens in doylies, Nap-
kins, Tea Cloths, Trau and Carving Cloths,
Bureau Sets, Center Pieces and Pillow Shams,
Three Specials. f
250 pafrs LINEN PILLOW CASES, hem-
stitched, hand embroidered and with wide
insertion, size 45x36 inches.
$1.75 and $2.00 Pair.
Regular value $3.00 and $3.50 pair.
100 dozen Extra Qualitu HEMSTITCHED
HUCK TOWELS, with damask borders,
all plain white and large size.
Price $6.00 Dozen.
25 pieces BLEACHED TABLE DAMASK, full
72 inches wide, in beautiful designs,
Price $1.25 Yard 1
Everu pattern Dinner Napkins to match,
MI. 113. 115. 1!7. 119. 121 POST STREET.
GOLDBERG. BOWEN 4 COB SPECIAL BATIKS SALE
G DLD BERn
BDWEN
GO
Special
Franco-American Christmas food bask-
ets, containing plum pudding, custard
sauce,bird pate— soup.beef tea,chicken —
packed in fancy colored basket tied with
satin ribbon bow
worth $2— sells for $i
Lebkuchen
German honey cake from Nurnberg—'
large assortment —in fancy boxes for
holiday gifts
Monday Tuesday Wednesday
Finn an Haddies
Fresh shipment ; Cb 2OC
r Tea
Our regular 50c lb quality oc
10 kinds T"
Pasha coffee
Contains nothing but high . it._ ''2-2
grade goods— 35c lb 2 ids 55 C
Bird pate'
Franco-American sandwich paste <? r»r»
reg'ly 25c can <iUV '
Italian prunes
This season's— ,1 11 __.
fancy— reg'ly 10c lb > 3* lbs 2 5 C
Eastern cheese
Martin's full cream— and Sage onr
1 reg'ly 25c lb - * 20C
Mustard
With horse radish— „ r -^
appetizing— reg'ly 15c bot a tor 2 5 C
He ring
Moirs Kippered— breakfast « nr
delicacy— reg'ly 25c can uc
Asparagus
Bouldin island Tips 'C • '.;: - lOC
reg'ly ioc-2oc can Sunbeam 2 for 35c
Grape nuts
For brain and nerve centres „ r__ _ _..
reg'ly 15c package 2 tor 2 5 C
Walnuts
California paper shell - 1. c
fancy Z IOS z y"
Hick o r nuts
New season's— eastern shell T oe
barks — reg'ly 15c lb i oc
Cranberry sauce
Ready to use _ c i-
reg'ly 15c 2-lb can ** 2 for 2 C
Lucca oil
Sublime— our importation % gal $1 10
reg'ly %\ 25 and $2 25 can 1 gal 2
Crys t o 1 a
scouring soap do^ n . *
Kirk — dozen 4cc
SOLD BE R3. BOWXH * CO* 8 SPECIAL 8AT159 $ALM
rub butter l
Choice creamery — .. « - —
cut full weight . Ib Z S C
Whisky
GB&CoOK bourbon 3 bots $1
reg'ly $ 1 bottle $4 gallon gallon 3
Port wine
California— private stock 50C
reg'ly 75c bottle $2 50 gallon $2
Ginger ale
Vartrav— reg'ly $1 25 4 _
also sarsaparilla ™* i%J
Toilet ammonia
Violet — lavender — one
reg'ly 25c bottle 4U^
Listerine-Lambert-lge bottle 65c
Imported Malaga raisins 1 and
5 lb cartons 30c to $2
Jordan shelled almonds lb 55c 65c
Pate de foie gras in terrrine —
Henry j 35c to $4 V
Stuffed — Wiesbaden — r
}4 and 1 lb boxes 4OC-6CC
Fancy candle shades — a most
gorgeous assortment
432 Pine >)2 Sutter 3800 California San Franclsc*
Thirteenth and Clay streets Oakland
Opera Glasses
Lorgnettes
NEW PARISIAN SHAPES.
The Ocularium.
OPTICIANS PHfITQG* API aeNTlf|C v*u *
642 Market st. »">T!»uMeMt3
u«Dt» cMRo/*ictt BuaoiHfr. Catalogue Triv
4% Rill 4& Rifles. ' Ammunition. Flah-
HilT" ln « Tackle. Sporting. Out-
g.l ¦ |\1 ing Goods. Largest Stock.
1l llla -m Lowest Prices. Send for
IJUIIU Catalogue and Job Sheet. ,
¦ " SHRJBYX * BAUM 00. J*l
73« Market. Oil Kearny
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogues and Pries Lists Mailed
on Application.
BILLIARDS. POOL AND BAR FIXTURES.
St. Germain Billiard Co.. late Jacob StraAl*
It Co. (est'd. 1552). 17 ajad 19 Fremont st. ; upon
Installment or rented: also beer apparatus.
COAL. COKE AND TIG IRON.
1 C WII SOY & f 0 *°° Battery Stre#».
J- t- WIL3IM tt Wll. Telephone Mala ISM.
FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
JA^. R0 YES SCO Shipping Butcher*. KM
JAJ« BUICJgUI- clay. TeL Main 1291
OILS.
LUBRICATING OILS. LEONARD 4 EtXJS.
418 Front at.. S. F. Phone Main 1711.
wmmtam. ~
EC. MICHES, 6U 6anaom*^t7. S. F.
PRINTERS, BOOKBINDERS. '
'.iir HICKS- JUDD CO.. 7 '
a Flrat «tr— t. 9aa Fr>jcl»oa.
Weekly Call, sl. oo per Year