DISTINGUISHED • OFFICERS OF
- UNITED STATES ARMY WHO
SAILED ON THE HANCOCK.
I ¦ . • ¦ ¦¦¦•/'
For • Governor — George K.
.Nash/; ¦; .-, " ;
Lieutenant Governor — Carl
L. Nippert. .- :
; - Supreme Judge— J. I#. Price.
Attorney General— John M.
- Sheets.
'" Clerk of the Supreme Court — ',
Lawson Emerson. I
_. State Treasurer — Isaac B.
- "Cameron. -¦ ' '
Member of the Board of Pub
; lie Works— W. ' G. Johnston.
OHIO'S TICKET.
"; Continued on Page Three- J :'¦ - j
Continued; on Page Three."
Continued on Page Two.
Near the village. of Salshufu a meeting
was held on May -16. While this meeting
was in progress two French missionaries
suddenly appeared at the head of a band
of 300 converts, who were armed with
rifles and guns. The converts - at once
opened, fire on the assembled natives,. who
fled in disorder. One native was wounded
and Go Daijen, a leader {of the natives,'
and five others we're ' carried away by the
attacking party. . '¦¦ ¦•'-¦¦-
and the converts have been used by the
officials to bring pressure' upon the na
tives to obtain payment. The officers in
cited the converts to Ill-treat the 'natives
in various ways and4.he natives at length
determined to tring about an end to the
abuses. ¦,-.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
VICTORIA. 1J. C. June 25.— The steamer
Kamakuta Maru, the new COOO-ton vetsel
added to the Nippon Yusen Kalsba line,
brought full details on her arrival ¦ to
night of the recent massacre of more than
three hundred French converts. In
Korea. It seems from the reports
received by Japanese papers from
their correspondents at Seoul that the
1 fault lies with the converts and two
French missionaries, they having attack
ed the natives.
The MainchI, a Tokio paper, publishes
a minute report of the Governor of Quel
part, dated at Quelpart on June 20.- In
this report the official says that revenue
cfllcers during the past few years have
been In the habit of levying heavy taxes
The ccr.vtrts then marched on into the
village of Salshufu, invading it and ¦ car-^
rying away a number of flags and much
ammunition, as well as despoiling consid
erable property. They took possession of
the ; place, and, closing thej gates, .fired
from the walls upon a party of natives
who were returning to the village, .killing
one and injuring three. others very badly.
.This act on. the part of the two mission
aries and I their converts ': so enraged Vthe
natives that they massed in large numbers
arid drove the converts from ; the 'Seized
village', killing eight converts and forcing
them. to release the six men who had been
arrested.. When the Christians "saw, that
Natives Rise in Arms- and Visit Awful Punishment Upon Converts Who Had
Been Incited by Dishonest Officials to Attack Them.
MASSACRE OF HUNDREDS OF CHRIST IANS
THE VENGEANCE OF PERSECUTED KOREANS
Protection's Signal Triumph.
. The platform sets forth that the prin
ciple of protection has achieved its most
signal triumph in the results of the Ding-
_ "The Republican party, by its magnfl
cent achievements, has added luster to
American history, and under its adminis
tration of national affairs the United
States has become a world power of tha
first class. Industry has revived. Capi
tal and labor are employed, plenty has
succeeded want and the cry of the hun
gry and unemployed Is no longer heard,
but from every quarter comes the de
mand for workmen at the highest wages
ever. paid to American labor. Our export
trade has increased until it leads the
world, approximating for the present
year $1,500,000,000. ' The Republican party,
by/ its monetary legislation, has estab
lished the gold standard, thereby remov
ing the menace of an inflated currency
and its attendant repudiation of its finan
cial obligations, private and public, and
has raised our credit above that 'of any
other nation. A Republican Congress has
relieved the people by a reduction in di
rect taxation approximating $40,000,000 and
our national treasury shows that a grow
ing surplus has succeeded an increasing
deficit.".
•The platform . reaffirms tho principles
set forth by the last national Republican
conventions, and continues: ..
General Charles H. Grosvenor presented
the report of the committee on resolu
tions, which was adopted.
"We ar,e in favor of a reciprocity to ex
pand our trade in foreign countries, but
underlying that must be a condition that
makes it purely a reciprocity, not for the
sake of encouraging any nation in closer
commercial relations with a profit on ona
side." ,—-;,• /
Platform Is Presented.
"If I had time to discuss the economic
questions, at .issue I would simply say
stand by. cur record upon the tariff ques
tion. We stand by that* principle which
has built up this magnificent country and
our great industries, and we will not per
mit an abridgment of It that will Inter
fere with the labor, of one man for one
day. (Applause.)' - :\":;>;
Senator. Hanna's reference to the par
ty's tariff policy^ was , m the following
words:
'. TWO PROMINENT OHIO STATESMEN WHO TOOK AN ACTIVE PART I
IN THE REPUBLICAN STATE CONVENTION, ONE BEING TEMPOR- I
ART- CHAIRMAN AND THE OTHER PRESENTING THE PLATFORM.
THERE was a large gathering of
distinguished army officers and .
prominent civilians en the. upper "
deck of the army transport Han
' ?' cock yesterday morning. The oc
casion was the departure for the Philip- .
pines of General Henry Clay Corbin, adju
tant general of the United States # army;
General George M. Sternberg. surgeon
general of the army: General Chambers F.'
McKlbbon, who will join General ; Ohaf
fee's staff in the Philippines; General
John F. Weston; Colonel W. P. Hall, who
Is to succeed General Barry as adjutant
general in the Philippines; Senator C. H.
Deltrichof Nebraska and Congressman
Julias Kahn. 1';.:.::;
Assembled to bid the gentlemen farewell
were Major General 'Shafter, Brigadier
General Long, Colonels Baldwin, Marshall
and Girsard, Surgeon Major Gibson. Cap
tains Bachelder, Ruxnbaugh . and Dyer,
and Lieutenant Gardner, besides' a num
ber of relatives and friends.
The' stateroom assigned to. General , Cor- i
¦ bin was' beautifully decorated^- and; just •
'before. the sailing hour. a' handsome paint- '_
ing of the Hancock was placed among. tho
decorations by order of General Shaft er. ¦
. .yflfie" big transport got" away" from" the
wbarf promptly at noon, but she was de
tained an hour in the upper bay adjusting
her compasses. It was originally the. in
tention" to send the Hancock via • Hono
lulu, but early yesterday morning, orders .
came for all the -Honolulu freight to be
ta^en out and' to. send the transport -to
Manila direct.
It is said that the cause for the change
was a rumor that came by the China. to \
the effect that four new cases of bubonic
plague had been discovered In Honolulu.
The Hancock has on board of
ficers and 403 men. composing the second .
battalion, engineer corps. The full list of
cabin passengers is as follows:
General Henry C. Corbin- and party. General.
John F. Weston, wife and two daughters and
niece: General Stern berg: and wife. Colonel W.
P.; Hall. Hon. Julius Kahn and wife, Mrs.
Kennon, Mrs. R. C. Lyman, Miss Irvln, Gen
eral Chambers F. McKlbbon, Senator Diet
rich and . daughter, Mrs. Curry, wife of Cap
tain Curry, and two children; Major R. 8.
Griswold, accompanying battalion ot- engi
neers; Captain Henry Jovey, wife and son;
Captain Robert McGregor, wife, son, daugh
• ter, ¦ mother-in-law and Misses King; Captain
' Jay J. Morrow, Captain "William W. Harts,
wife, daughter and nurse; Lieutenant Amos
* A.' Frees . and wife, Lieutenant James A.'
Woodruff, Lieutenant' Edward M. Markham,
'. Lieutenant Gustave R. Lukesh, . Lieutenant
.Edward - N. Johnston, and wife. Lieutenant
-Arthur Williams," Lieutenant Ernest I>, Peek,
'Lieutenant; Elliott, J.; Dent,- Isidore MIdel,
\ Messrs. j McCormack and Seeckendorf , Mrs. "W.
H. - Johnson - and two children and Margaret
and Clara. Kllbourne.
Miss Margaret Kilbourne and her sister
are the daughters of. Major Kilbourne,
, now, stationed at the Presidio. Miss Mar
" garet is going to Manila to become the
bride of Lieutenant E. C. Wickman.
; Miss Annie Irvin Is- a society belle of
"Washington," D. C, who is also on her
. way; to Manila to get married. Her hus
; band-elect is Captain C. H. Lyman of the
marine- corps. Miss Irvin is chaperoned
]by Mrs. R." C. Lyman.
General Corbin and his party and Sena
tor Dietrich and Congressman Kahn and
their parties expect to spend about three
, months in the' Philippines. They .will
probably come home on the- Hancock on
her next trip.
[anna as the "man who knew his busl-
ness and how to attend to it." A great
demonstration ensued.
Chairman . Hanna returned his thanks
for the honor, and* then stated that Sen
ator Foraker.. had already sounded . the
keynote and would continue T to do so in
the campaign,- and thai all. Republicans
In Ohio would be with him to a man. He
eulogized ' Foraker's speech" and; his rec
ord In the Senate and said all the people
in Ohio, were for his re-election except
the Democrats. -.•-*.,-,..
He . insisted ' that the ; coming contest in
Ohio wa3 one of a national ; character
and, on. national issues. It was the most
critical period of the support of the na
tional administration.
i 5< Appeals to Republicans. *
He then reviewed the first administra
tion of President McKinley and insisted
that his - second administration was still
more important for , the" domestic, - insular
and foreign I affairs of the country. " He
discussed . the financial issues at; length
and ' insisted •• that the ; country demand a
continuance of ¦ confidence in the Govern
ment in order \ to v have v continued .pros
perity." He appealed to Ohio Republicans to
' . -A. re the Features. \.\
¦. COLUMBUS, 6i June 25.7-When Senator
Fo'raker^ called the -Ohio State Republican
co"nveritlon* to order the'eommittee oh" per
manent ) organization reported that It : had
selected Senator; ¦ Hahna as permanent
chairman and" continued, the; rest of 1 the
temporary organization. The • report was
adopted. ¦ . . sJsiSisit-iS
I "Senator- ' Foraker .¦.introduced Senator
¦ ¦¦-¦¦',-.¦ . ¦ -¦ ' , ~. < "%.¦¦-•" ¦ ¦ ¦ . ¦
;do away with all. factional differences and
V to stand } by ; the President ¦ and a Repub
- licanV Congress.' In ; the tariff
; he said. this s was no time; for, experiments
¦ in that line or in any other. ,This was no
.time' for" financial, 'industrial or other dls-
T turbances. - He favored t personal . liberty,
" sV lcne~as,it did not Interfere; with 'the
'•public good, ar.d made no other allusion
. to Stiite affairs."
PROCEEDINGS IN CONVENTION
Hanna's - Speech and the Platform
Think Slate Is Broken.
It had been currently reported. that Crew
and Critchfleld were on the Hanna slate
for these two nominations,; but' Senator ¦
Hanna vigorously denied taking any par t " ;
whatever in the contests; for those two':
places. 'Judge Crew is an old; friend. and-,
neighbor of. Elmer C. Dover, the private V
secretary of Senator Hanna.. Dover. was. *
working at the Crew headquarters. Many .
therefore claimed that Dover's operations
had the sanction of , the Senator/and that/
the slate was broken. The vote . showed ; £
that Price and Emerson' had formed 1 a '
combination that worked successfully for „;
both of them. Judge Price of. Lima- has'
been on the Common Pleas and Circuit
benches and Emerson has been promi
nent-in politics In Eastern Ohio for many;
years. ,- : - -¦¦/.„• ¦¦"¦'"'¦ "l\\ ''¦
The nomination that caused .the most'
comment was that of Nippert 'in- place of
Lieutenant Governor Caldwell, .the latter
being' the only 'one who was elected with"
Governor. Nash two years ago that was '
not denominated for a second term. . The .
State Anti-Saloon League caused Caldwell r
to run "several thousand behind his ticket^
in' 1893 and : had : vigorously Opposed his
nomination."' .' ~
Hanna Prevents Demonstration.
There were frequent calls for Caldwell
in the convention, but. he. could, not .
induced to take the platform or. even rise
In his seat, ' and Chairman Hanna dis-^
patched business . in' such', a way .as to '
give no opportunity/ for demonstrations. '
When'the delegates were calling for Cald
well;-Chairman Hanna made Caldwell a
member of the committee to escort . Gov- l
ernor Nash to the ' hall to deliver his '
speech of acceptance, and while this J
committee " was out Chairman Hanna ?
promptly called up the next order of ; '
business and State Senator.., Nippert was <
nominated.' Nippert had -been principal '
of schools i at CInclhnaf i and Police | Pros- '
ecutor there. 'Like Caldwell, he Is liberal,
and the State "Anti-Saloon League has ex-' '
pressed its displeasure ' because. Nippert'. '
in' the last Legislature voted against the •
• Clark': lojcal option bill. On the other hand, 1
the representatives of the liquor interests ; 
were very much displeased over what •
theyi." term /• the enforced* retirement 'of \
Caldwell,, while Rev. Mr. Clark has' been ,
rehomlnaited- in . Columb'us , f or the .Legis- ;
lature. and several . Republican ; members .
who opposed the Clark ' local option bill { ,
have been defeated. for. renomination. : .
and Chairman ; Hanna not only . cut short - ¦
his own speech^ but : also those , of others
arid then dispatched business with the
utmost speed.- -In those .three, hours the
convention nominated a. . full. State ticket, y
adopted 'its; declaration'- of principles; in- ,
dorsed'-. J. ' B/iFomker -as- .tho' •Republican ;<
candidate for re-election as. United, States g
Senator, completed the party organization,
for ¦ the campaign and .transacted other -
business. \ . ." . • : ¦ ... '_-¦ ¦¦ • •
: Of the seven '-. nominations ' only three "_
were new men and one of these, Nippert ¦
for Lieutenant Governor, was nominated '
without opposition after Lieutenant Gov- -
ernor Caldwell had declined renomination. '
Nash, Sheets, Cameron and Johnson were
renominated for second terms without op- -
position.'- There were free for all contests \
for the nominations for Supreme Judge
and Clerk of the Supreme Court..
Considine coolly i handed , his smoking
weapon to Sheriff Cudihee and gave him
self up. The Sheriff and Lane arrested
Thomas Considine »and both prisoners
were hurried away to the County Jail.
The Coroner. was summoned and removed
Meredith's .body to the Morgue. ' In the
dead man's clothing were found the small
revolver and a small dirk knife. An In
quest will be held to-morrow.
The second shot which Meredith fired at
Considine was the only one which took
effect. The charge tore Considine's hat to
shreds and. one of the buckshot lodged in
the base of- his ' } skull. .Considine's. neck
and head were badly powder burned. ' His
wounds, however, are not serious. -•
For a time after the tragedy, there were
angry threats of a lynching. The thou
sands who hurried to the scene, lacking
full particulars of the affair, supposed
that the ex-Chief had been set unon by
the Considine's and " murdered. As :the
facts became known public anger sub
sided. ';"'
Have Long Been Foes. v
Considine and Meredith had been mortal
enemies for about three years, although
they were prior to that time . warm per
sonal friends arid associated i together in
the theatrical business in Spokane. Mere
dith, Vho resigned his office last, Saturday
on account of pressure brought to bear
upon him by Mayor Humes, was a -city
detective before being made chief. While
in ; the ' subordinate position - he and Con
sidine never, spoke, but avoided open ;bat
tle.VAfter Meredith was made chief, how
ever, : he served notice on Considine that
the latter could hot remain in ' the city
and do business, and.; followed up the
threat by making , several ; police orders
which affected" Considine's business.'- ¦' -
In retaliation,' Considine ' publicly made
.charges of corruption in office against
Meredith, and reiterated/ them until the
Law and Order League took up the mat
ter."arid called for a Council, Investigation
of the police department. A Council com
mittee . investigated and last : Friday night
made a' report to ; Mayor Humes, advising
the * removal of Meredith '. and one of :hls
detectives",: C. . W. Wappenstein: Mayor
Humes ..requested \ Meredith's
resignation.;^./ -'¦¦ . •..- ./.;-¦ rv '•'¦-'•¦/
¦./¦ it'.' was* believed I by '¦ the friends of Iboth
men" that , a t shooting; would ; follow, Mere-
Talk of a Lynching.
Then Considine' and Meredith' engaged
in a desperate struggle for the" revolver.'
Tom finally wrenched it from Meredith's
grasp and repeatedly beat the ex-Chief
over the head with it. -Sheriff Cudlhee,
Police Detective A." G. Lane and several
other police officers, who had ¦ been
standing on the opposite side of the
street, rushed into the drug store and at
tempted to separate. the combatants. The
Sheriff flung Tom Considine aside and ob
tained possession of the revolver.. Lane
caught John Considine and held him fast.
Meredith, half-stunned by the blows he
had received, reeled against a showcase
and made a feeble movement as though
to draw, another and smaller pistol from
his pocket. At this juncture John Consi
dine tore himself away from Lane, and,
drawing his - own revolver, fired three
shots in quick succession at his antag
onist at a distance of eight feet. Mere
dith reeled and" fell dead, his body pierced
by three bullets.
Considine found himself^ cornered on
reaching 'the "rear 'of the store, and turn
ing, grappled; with : his enemy..-; .Thomas
Considine. the gambler's brother,' who had.
been standing ysvith him iuj. front -of rthe
store," had : followed Meredith"; aricThe'"a.lso"
grappled with him. Mefford aided In j the
attempt-to disarm Meredith.
Aid Comes to Considine.
He found Considine in front, of the drug
store shaking hands with'a friend, Police
man A. H. Mefford. , Thrusting the barrel
of the gun over Mefford's shoulder, he
discharged the weapon full in' Considine's
face. The paper wrapping prevented his
taking accurate aim and the charge went
wild. ; Considine ran into: the store and
Meredith followed, discharging the second
barrel -just as he entered 1 the door.' Then
Meredith dropped the gun, and, drawing
liis heavy revolver, continued; the pursuit.
_. Meredith was the' aggressor and made a
deliberate attempt to" assassinate his per
sonal and political enemy".-. He spent the
afternoon in . walking about, the. streets,
armed with a "sawed-off" double-barreled
shotgun loaded with buckshot, in search
of his man. In order to avert suspicion
he had wrapped the weapon In > a large
sheet of butcher's paper .and tied it. with
a cord so that it bore little resemblance to
an instrument of death. •
• SEATTLE, June 25.— John W.' Considine,
one of the proprietors of the Standard
gambling-house and the People's Theater
in ' this . city, shot and killed ¦/ex-Chief of
Police W.T. Meredith at 5:30* o'clock this
afternoon. The shooting occurred in Guy's
drug store, at the corner of Second ave
nue^ and" Yesler way, in. the heart of the
city. Considine was wounded slightly in
the head by a ball from a double:barreled
shotgun In Meredith's hands; -
Special Dispatch -to The Call.
? ¦ ¦ • ¦• ' -*. ' ~J. ¦' :'-¦¦ *¦..'
Fight to the" Death, the . Sequel = to a
Bitter Feud Between the
1 Principals/
Gambler's Brother': ; Aids
Him in ; Vanquishing \ His i
Old-Time Foe!; f
John 1 Considine Kills Ex-
Chief of Police
/Meredith. ¦
FATAL DUEL
IN SEATTLE
DRUG STORE
SAN FRANCISCO, WEDNESDAY, JUNE : f26; v;..1901;
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
VOLUME XC— NO. 26.
Four Generals, a United States Senator and a Congressman and Two
Society Buds Who Are to Wed Soldiers Depart' on Uncle
Sam f s Army Transport Hancock v
AGGREGATION OF DISTINGUISHED
PERSONS SAILS FOR PHILIPPINES
ON GENERAL INSPECTION TOUR
Platfomi Eulogizing the Policy of the Party and President McKintey,
aTellfiig Speech 1 by the Chairman and
Put Through in Three Hours*
Ohio., June
¦ ; 7t" pletlng 1 its work in three hours.
- The Intense heat was prostrating,
HEAT CAUSES HANNA TO HURRY
WORK AND THE OHIO REPUBLICAN
CONVENTION MAKES RECORD TIME
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL.; . ' When : nominations , for : Lieutenant-Gov
ernor were . called ; for, | State Senator, Carl
N.' Nippert of Hamilton County, was ; nom
inated : without .-opposition, ;>">. by ., acclama
: tlon: ; The l remaining *: nominations were
maderln . short; order, -i ¦
'.'. Resolutions i were - ¦•¦ adopted - extending
sympathy -to .Secretary Hay in -be
i reavement. ;:;¦ ;¦/:"- \->: r.i- ;.,:» ; \ v ..;
! ['"'At ' 1:10 ' p.' ml : the 'convention . adjourned.
Sympathy to Secretary r Hay. i
• Honl Henry C ..Taylor/' who ; ¦ presented
• the name' of George ;K. ; Nash 'four ¦ years
ago to the convention for Governor, pre
sented,' his name : to-day, ; and > he j was .- re
nominated by . acclamation. * A \ committee
escorted Governor Nash ; to the hall, and
he was given, a.rousing reception. -In ac
cepting;the nomination Governor Nash re
viewed the record of the; past ten -years,"
and especially that of, the past two years,
and.held that -the * showing was such.'that
even Democratic-opponents could find no
fault.with it.'H.*r: ';•,•;;¦;-.
periences, and Hawaii's entrance into full
territorial relations with the United States
Government has been marked by the
most marvelous progress known in .the
history of those Islands. In the- Philippine
Islands a wicked insurrection has been
suppressed, the chief leaders have taken
the oath of allegiance, and the anticipated
large Increase in our regular army has
been* rendered unnecessary. Civil govern
ment, contemplating the largest practica
ble degree of home -rule, has succeeded
military control. • The American educa
tional system ; has *, followed the > flag into
these islands, and personal freedom, with
an equality of rights heretofore to them
unknown, is secured to all the Inhabitants.
"All these beneficial results .have been
accomplished by the enactment Into law
of Republican principles,' and we congrat
ulate President; McKinley upon his wise,
patriotic . and ; ' brilliant , administration.
Facing unforeseen and grave responsibili
ties, he has met them prudently, bravely
and successfully, . and •- we ¦ assure to him
the unqualified approbation of the Repub
licans of Ohio.": ; :: <-
.The platform concludes \by indorsing the
administration of Governor Nash^ com
mending Senators ¥ Foraker ¦ and . Hanna
and indorsing Senator Foraker for. a sec
ond'term. -. :
Regarding the trouble in China, .the
platform' says: . :."¦ V ' "¦ v •,¦',:•¦.¦ ;
-"The prudent ¦¦ and successful' manage
ment of : American .'interests in China by
President McKlnley has added new glory
to. American arms , and American; diplo
macy." •" ' - - -. . '¦', ' ' '. ¦¦''¦'. ¦ •¦•;-'-' l ,^s. j"- '¦¦:'¦-.' ¦¦'•
In touching upon^CubanV independence,
it is : stated that the nation's pledge ' to
the Island of Cuba,' is .being -faithfully
kept, Insuring freedom and independence
to her people. Order, has 'been > maintain
ed;, the Interests of the United States, con- r
.served and the . island ¦* to-day^ is ; enjoying
more - national prosperity/- than . ever
fore. ,"We . congratulate ,. the ' people l of
Cuba .upon ..wise { and ,¦ conservative r action
in favor of stable government." Porto'Rico
New Glory to American Arms.
Referring to the recent war with Spain,
the platform sets forth that our ¦ victory,
imposed . - responsibilities and obligations
greater than any which have arisen An a.
generation.- The blessings of liberty have
been extended to millions of human be
ings. The Monroe doctrine has been firm
ly upheld. . " .-¦ ' . .'~-'~:--\ ' '. ¦
ley tariff law, and' that the Republican
tariff policy has j made the farmer . and
laborer more prosperous than ever; re
,affirms all. declarations heretofore made
by the-Republicanparty in favor of reci
procity; favors' the further strengthening
of our navy and such legislation as. will
restore our merchant -marine to pre-emi
nence • upon the seas; urges the speedy
construction .' of an American . ship canal
through the American isthmus as an Im
perative public need the right
of both labor and capital to combine when
such combinations are • wisely adminis
tered for the general good, but opposes
combinations which create monopolies to
control prices or limit production; asks
for a renewal of the wise provisions for
the restricted immigration of Chinese into'
this country; expresses gratitude to ; the
soldiers and sailors of. the 'United States
for their valor and suffering' in defense
of their country, and asks that they may
enjoy the most liberal applications of the
pension laws; demands the strict!enforce
ment of constitutional' measures ;guar
anteeing to every citizen the right of
franchise and denounces lynching. • ,
•>'| CHICAGO, [June 25.— Fife to-day.partial
ly ] destroyed : the",. whblesaleV paint and
varnish 'establishment ""U of 'the/.Devoe*&
Reynolds .' Company/- 175 ! Randolph s street,
entailing j $70,000 } loss. ; % H. >; M.? Cutting,-- an
employe, was seriously burned.' . '
v "Employe Injured in a Fire.
Mary _ ( Hill-Frank-Donovan of Wis
consin ,th.8. Authorities
by, a Confession.
KENOSHA, Wis., ! June 25.— A" queer case
was discovered , in this city when
Mary Hill-Frank-Donovan confessed that
she ¦ is guilty of • bigamy. ; She is : but 18
years of age and she says -Louis Frank,
one of her husbands, is residing in Cali
fornia,-while the second, to whom she was
married last Sunday, at Racine,' occupies
a cell ' in - the county jail, serving a sen
tence on a charge of intoxication. • .; .
¦i The woman states that she had Intended
living ¦ with ; Donovan until • her first hus
band returned to Kenosha in September.
She has --not been arrested. .'. ". :•
German Bank Suspends Payment.
i; LEIPSIG, June 25.— The directors of the
Leipsiger Bank announce that, owing to
the ; stoppage ; of- ; the Dresdener " Credit
Anstalt in consequence of- difficulties *iti
discounting bills; , the Leipsiger ; Bank is
compelled, in the interest of t its creditors,
to, temporarily, 'suspend payment. • The di
rectors say^that if the commitments can
be "liquidated quickly ;.: the: creditors .will
suffer 'no; loss and the shareholders • may
hopefor a favorable outcome. 5 The capital
of the bank is 48,000.000 marks. ) ' ¦ • ¦*- - ••¦«¦» ?
McPHERSON, Ky.. June 25.— this city is
suffering from a toad plague. The recent
dry weather has caused the bogs and
swamps > which surround McPherson to
dry up, and toads, which are unusually
numerous - this year; have invaded the
town. .Traffic of almost every kind has
been suspended. Street cars,. bicycles and
buggies cannot be used while the toads
hop about the streets. ¦ Horses can hardly
be driven . along the streets because of
their fear of toads. The city officials will
try to rid the town of the pest.
EIGHTEEN- YEAB-OLD ' GIEL
/ SAYS SHE IS A BIGAMIST
Dry Weather in a Kentucky Town
the Cause of a Curious
, . Plague.
INVASION OF TOADS •
:V# STOPS ALL TRAFFIC
HEAT CAUSES HANNA TO HURRY TIE WORK BF THE OHIO CONVENTION
r . Continued from Page One.
.LONDON, June 25.— In consequence of
his success at Covent Garden Saturday,
when he made his debut, the Italian tenor,
De March!, has been engaged by Maurice
Grau for the forthcoming opera season in
the United States. . . ., . .. ,
De March! Will Sing. Here.
OF INTEREST TO PEOPLE
ON THE PACIFIC COAST
Changes Made by the Postoffice De-
partment and Issue of More
Patents.
WASHINGTON, June 25.-The Postof
fice Department has announced the fol
lowing changes: Postmaster commission
ed: California— Ernest W. Sprinsted, Elk
Grove. Rural free delivery established
August 1. Walla Walla, Wash.
These pensions were Issued to-day: Cal
ifornia-Original—John R. Smith, Clovls,
56; John Custerd, Sheep Ranch^ 512. In
crease-Charles E. Birge, Lamanda, $10;
Michael J. Fancher, San Jose., 58.
Oregon — Original — Joseph Perkins,' Cot
tage Grove. $6; William H. Smith. Sub
.limity, 56; JJenry Hiles, Woodburn, 56.
Washington — Original— Alonzo Kelley,
Anatone, 56; John J. Tompkins, Kirkland,
512. Additional— Thomas Buckingham,
College Place, 512; William C. Bishop,
Dayton, ' $8. Original widow— Sarah W.
Littler, Everett, 5S. "War with Spain. wid
ow—Helen A. Johnson (mother), Rock
ford, JIT.
The following patents were issued to
day: California— J. A. Ashley, Yuba City,
farm truck: Ann E. Bray, Los Gatos,
fruit jar; .David E. Delan«, Pasadena,
wagon jack; Hartland and H. E. Law,
San Francisco, vaginal syringe; Ellas L.
McClure, San. Francisco, loose leaf ledger;
John Meyenberg, Buena Park, preparing
food; James H. Northrop, Tustin, assign
or to Draper Company, Portland, Me.,
an<i Hopedale, Mass., thread parting
mechanism for looms (three); Michael
O'Keefe, Vallejo, portable windlass; Owen
T. Owens, Altamont, assignor one-half to
J. E. Allison. ' San Francisco, disk har
row; Henry "V. B. Parker, San Francisco,
propeller for vessels; John Richards, San
Francisco, centrifugal pump; Algernon
V:- Russell, San Francisco, preserving milk
or cream; James S. "Shawfer, Sonora,
scissors sharpener; Alfred T. Stimson, Eu
reka, rotary explosive engine; Henry E.
Thomas, San Francisco, machine for cut
ting cloth; William C. Thurman. Sanger,
portable forge; Philo N. Tryon, San Fran
cisco, clothes, line, apparatus.
Washington— Samuel M. Trapp, Seattle,
assignor one-half to W. H. Remington,
Tacoma." apparatus for generating steam;
same, generating steam.
BRYAN SAYS HANNA
.IS " LOGICAL CANDIDATE
Nebraskan Beplies to Senator For-
aker Regarding Democratic De-
feat Five Years Ago.
WATERTOWN, N. Y., June 25.— In an
interview W. J.; Bryan said that Senator
Hanna was the logical candidate of the
Republican party for President in 1904,
because he represents the dominant force
In that party. Vice President Roosevelt,
he said, represented "the warlike spirit
which was developed by a war of con
quest." In reply to Senator For&ker's
speech at Columbus, Ohio, last night
Bryan said:
"When Senator Foraker says that I am
the only intelligent man who does not
admit that the defeat of 1896 was a bless
ing to the country he makes an unjust
reflection upon the intelligence of more
than 8,000,000 ¦ people, for there are that
many who do not believe that a Demo
cratic victory in 1S96 would have brought
disaster to the nation, and they are suffi
ciently intelligent to deserve the respect
of Senator Foraker."
Catholic Church Burned.
SAN JOSE. June 25.— The Catholic
church at Milpitas was destroyed by flxe
yesterday. When the blaze was discov
ered the whole rear of the church was in
flames, and it was impossible to save
anything. The origin of the fire is a mys
tery. The loss is about 55000. \\
Thfi next witness, Major Cuignet. when
questioned in support of the defendant's
contention that the army for several years
past had been deliberately disorganized,
pleaded that prof essional secrecy prevented
him from replying and ¦ the president . of
the court, M. Pallleres, upheld the' plea,
whereupon counsel for the Marquis an
nounced he would not call other witnesses,
as. he intended to question .them on the
sams subject. These- decisions shortened
the | proceedings considerably, and the
prosecutor, M. Benard, began his closing
speech, but had not finished . when the
court was adjourned until to-morrow.
The first witness tor the defense. Gen
eral Charreyon, testified that the Marquis
served under him and that he was an ex
cellent officer and an honorable man/
PARIS, June 25.— The Senate, sitting as
a high court, to-day heard the witnesses
for the prosecution In the trial of the
Marquis de Lur Saluces, charged with
treason. Their evidence did not develop
anything new. General Zurlinden, tha
former . Military Governor of Paris, tes
tified that he believed that Deroulede's
attempt to induce some of the troops to
march on the Elysee Palace on the day of
President Faure's funeral was not pre
arranged. The officers, he added, had no
idea of turning .from their duty. France
could rely on. the army always doing its
duty.
French Officers Silent
at the Trial of a :
Marquis.
ARMY SECRETS
ARE WITHHELD
sense," said Lieutenant General Nelson
A. Miles, commanding the army, after he
had read extracts from a paper written
by. Jean de Bloch. Russian Councilor of
State. In an article on .lessons of the
South African war. De Bloch stated that
the war had proved that military service
as practiced to-day Is absurd and decisive
war is impossible.
"Wars will be fought out by. decisive
battles as formerly," said General Miles,
"though field operations will be more ex
tensive. In order to successfully, prose
cute war in South Africa Great Britain
had to transport everything ' over water
and ¦ her armies were compelled to oper
ate in a sparsely populated co.untry where
a regular force was pitted against irreg
ular troops. The conditions were not the
same as would have existed had two well
trained armies opposed each other. The
campaign in Porto Rico during the war
with Spain demonstrated that decisive
war . is practicable instead of impossible,
as-De Bloch says. With respect to ma
neuvers, they are necessary in order to
properly - train an army. The American
army has been benefited by maneuvers. I
strongly approve the exercise."
Commander of the Army Criticizes
the Opinions of Russian Coun
cilor of State.
WASHINGTON, June 25.— "Simply non-
JTTST SIMPLE NONSENSE,
SAYS GENEBAX MILES
camera to-day, decided not to prosecute
Dietrich ; Weyland, the man who, at Bre
men, in March last, threw a piece of iron
at Emperor William, wounding him in the
cheek, and who has since been pronounced
by physicians to be an epileptic. He com
mitted the assault upon his Majesty while
in an irresponsible condition.
Imperial Court Decides That the Mis
sile "Was \ Thrown by an Irre
sponsible Person. -
LEIPSIG, June. 25.— The- first criminal
section of the Imperial Court/ sitting; in
WELL NOT PROSECUTE
THE KAISER'S ASSAILANT
BLUEFIELD, W. Va., June 25.— The
West Virginia flood | situation has not
many new developments, but it is authen
tically, stated that the loss of life has been
greatly overestimated, although the loss of
propertly can hardly be estimated. The most
conservative estimate obtainable places
the loss of life at about fifty, a greater
part of whom were colored miners and
their families.' A great many more are
missing and are supposed to have been
swept away. There are great piles of de
bris and it will take many days to find all
the bodies. The Norfolk and Western
Railway Company will lose at' a conserva
tive estimate half a million dollars,
not taking into consideration the delay to
traffic, etc. Their double track is prac
tically washed away for a distance of six
miles and at least 3500 men are at • work
day and night repairing the roadbed and
removing drift. It will be four days be
fore any traffic can be moved, but the loss
to the company will reach about $400,000.
The property lost by private parties is
very heavy and may reach the million
dollar mark. The wires are deluged with
press matter and hundreds of messages
are received hourly frorn anxious friends
in all parts of the united States Inquiring
about relatives and. friends. Until traffic
is resumod and all communication opened
it wiil be Impossible to estimate with any
degree of certainty either the loss of life
or of property.
The people of the storm-swept section
appear terrorized, and their excitement Is
eo intense that they are really helpless as
far as work Is concerned.' In this section
of severe thunder storms each flash of
lightning and pear of thunder is «nough
to cause a panic. The dead, .as fast as
found, are being hastily buried, and many
times the spot is not marked. ". ¦ >• .:
Number of Lives Lost Is
, Now Estimated at
Fifty.
FLOOD VICTIMS
MOSTLY NEGROES
garden of Marlborough House this after
noon. . ' -¦
Joseph H. Choate, the United States
Embassador, entertained Speaker Hen
derson' at luncheon later in the
day. The following distinguished, per
sons were present in honor af
the American Speaker: Lord Rob
erts, Lord Pauncefote, Joseph Cham
berlain, Sir Henry Footler, M. P.; Clem
ent A. Griscom, president of the Interna
tional Navigation Company; Sir Michael
Hicks-Beach, Lord Strathcona and Mount
Royal Charles T. Ritchie, James Bryce.
John Morley, Anthony E. Ashley, Captain
Lee. William St. John Broderick, A. J.
Balfour, William Court Gully, Speaker of
the House of Commons; Sir Henry Camp
bell-Bannerman, Herbert H. Asquith,
in the motor-paced cycle race with Nel
son of Chicago at Madison Square Garden
last night, was so much improved to-day
that he expects to leave the hospital be
fore night. McFarland has several
. bruises but no bones were broken, nor
was he injured internally.
Cyclist McFarland Is Recovering.
NEW YORK, June 25.—Floyd McFar
land cf San Jose, Cal.. who was injured
Among the Americans competing will
be Gates of New York. E. L. Smith of
Saratoga, Robinson of San Francisco and
R. Welch of New York.
" Hurlingfcam Members "Befuse to
Permit Captain Money to Par- •
tidpate in Contests. '. .
LO5CDOX. June 25.— Considerable ill
feeling has been aroused by the refusal
of the Hurllngham Gun Club of London to
allow the well-known American pigeon
shot. Captain A. W. Money, to compete
in the international pigeon shoot which
commences to-morrow. Money was for
merly a member of the Hurlingham Club
but he allowed his membership to lapse.
The alleged reason for tne present refusal
Is that Money does not belong to any club
of recognized position, but as Money has
been a constant competitor in these con
tests It is generally thought that the
point, even if true, might have been
¦waived.
GTJN" CLUB OP 1 LONDON
CAXTSE OF ILL-FEEDING
of J. H. Coleman against M. T. O'Cleary,
which was on trial in department 2 of the
Superior Court. The suit was brought by
Mr. Coleman to recover half of the money
realized from the.sale of the San Fernan
do copper mine in Lower California, which
¦was disposed of by Mr.- O'Cleary for
$15,000.
Mr. Coleman claims that some time be
fore the sale of the mine Mr. , O'Cleary
signed an agreement giving him a half
interest in his property for $300. but when
he sold that mine he kept all of the- money
and said nothing about dividing it. The
agreement was introduced in evidence,
and the name of Mr. O'Cleary was signed
to It. but Mr. O'-Cleary testified on the wit
ness stand that it was not his signature
an<i tbat it was evidently a forgery.
F. E. Hilton and George M. Dannals
were called in as handwriting experts,
and, after an examination of the paper,
said that in their opinion the signature
was genuine and was written- by Mr.
O'Cleary. The case was not finished and
will be resumed in the morning. :
Declare That the Signature He
Claims to Be a Forgery Is
Genuine.
SAN DIEGO,- June 25. — Several, hand
writing experts testified to-day in the case
Wald was en route to Paris from the
Pacific Coast. He had taken a sleeper a.t
Oakland, Cal., and while whirling through
the country had gone to the buffet car in
the forward part of the train to smoke a
cigarette. He forgot that his sleeper would
be Bwitched to another train at Ogden.
Utah. His carelessness ¦ regarding this
change caused him to travel away in the
buffet car while his sleeper containing the
baggage went by another route. His va
lise containing the valuables was restored
to him to-day.
HAND-WEITING EXPERTS
ABE AGAINST O'CXEASY
the Republic of Mexico, which Wald said
was very valuable.
ly $700,000. He exhibited these to H. R.
Jackson, a cierk in the office, who says
there was an immense roll of paper
money, < and he saw bills of $100 denom
ination, besides many drafts on a bank in
France and a deed of some kind made by
tained cash securities worth approximate-
CHICAGO. June 25.— An ordinary valise
•was the cause of excitement at the branch
office of the Pullman Palace Car Company
5n the Grand Central passenger station to
day. The valise was the property of Jules
Roger Wald, a subject of France, and he
is authority for the statement that it con-
"cites Pullman Officials.
Frenchman Carrying: Nearly a Mil
! . lion Dollars in Securities Ex-
FORGETS HIS THOUSANDS
ON" A RAILBOAD TRAIN
• Mr. Choate and Mr. Henderson listened
to the army debate In the gallery in the
House of Lords to-night. The Duke of
Bedford and Lord Dunraven criticized tho
army reorganization bill. They urged
that more pay and better rations
were necessary to attract recruits. | Lord
Raglan, the Under Secretary for War,
defended the bill. He said recruiting v/as
progressing satisfactorily.
Judge Ha'rrison, -.Henry White, George
Wyndham, Secretary for Ireland; J.
Pierpont Morgan and Clinton Dawklns, a
partner of the. house of J. P. Morgan &
Co. •
After the inspection Mr. Henderson was
presented to the King by Mr. White In
the Indian room of Marlborough House.
They engaged in^a conversation which
lasted half an hour.
YALE RENDERS
LOVING TRIBUTE
Classmates of Adelbert
Hay at Funeral
•' Ceremony.
Remains of the Former Con
sul Are Interred at
Cleveland.
CLEVELAND, Ohio, June 25.— In a
grave on a hill' that overlooks the city, in
Lakeview Cemetery, the body of Adelbert
Stone Hay was laid to rest this afternoon.
The , funeral party arrived , in Cleveland
from New Haven at noon and the funeral
services were, held in the Wade mortuary
chapel a few hours later. Accompanying
the remains were the parents of the de
ceased, Secretary of State John Hay and
Mrs. Hay; Helen. Alice and Clarence Hay,
their children; Mr. and Mrs. J. H. "Wade
and Samuel Mather, relatives. Harry
Payne Whitney, Mr. Hltt, Mr. Wadsworth
and Mr. .Hale, classmates of Adelbert, ac
companied the body as representatives of
Yale College.
The casket rested on a white marble
catafalque ia the center of the new mor
tuary chapel. It was covered with flow
ers. A wreath of roses was the gift of the
State Department at Washington.
Yale classmates of the deceased were
the honorary pall-bearers. Mrs. Hay waa
so nearly prostrated that her husband had
to assist her nearly all the time. The re
ligious services were begun with a hymn
by a quartet. The Rev. Hiram Hayden,
tho venerable pastor of Old Stone Presby
terian Church, followed with a reading
from Scripture. Dr. Hayden delivered the
funeral sermon, in which he paid eloquent
tribute to the worth of the deceased and
referred at considerable length to his
work as Consul at Pretoria. At the cpn
cluslon of the services the body was
borne to the. grave.
Poolrooms in Butte Are Closed.
BUTTE, Mont., June, 25.— All the pool
rooms in Butte closed down at the end of
business to-day, Mayor Davy having or
dered their licenses revoked. The rooms
have been paying the city $150 a month
each. They claim that they were ordered
to do so, and, further, there is no pro
hibition against their business in the anti
gambling law. The Mayor takes the
ground that there is no law permitting
poolrooms. It is claimed the closing of
the rooms was brought about by the
gamblers who were not allowed to • run
their business and who agitated the doc
trine of "all or none."
Says Government Cannot Cancel.
BUTTE, Mont, June 25.— Speaking of
the suit instituted against him yesterday
by United States District Attorney Rogers
at Helena to set aside patents for 10,000
acres of valuable land in Missoula Coun
ty, alleged to have been filed on for specu
lative purposes, Senator TV. A. Clark said
to-day:
"I' was an innocent purchaser of these
lands for a valuable consideration and I
maintain the Government cannot cancel
the titles nor interfere ' with my rights.
That doctrine was clearly established In
the case of the United States vs. Budd."
: You ask me what the friends of civil service
reform In the States can do, and all I can say
is that you will strengthen us, I think, by hav
ing the fact generally understood that the law
has never been suspended since it was passed,
and that no attempt has been made to evade
its provisions.
I desire to add that in our civil service law
and in carrying it out to the letter we have the
assistance, both sincere and active, of the
President and the Secretary of War. . We have
not been obliged to make a single appointment
'at the request of the Secretary or .the Presi
dent. They have assisted us when we called
on . them for advice, but that is all, and they
have had us understand that they were in
sympathy with our purpose in making the law
effective., As It Is, we have not heard of any
complaint of It from any 6ource. As an earnest
of the sincerity with which the law was. put
into effect. I should like to call your attention
to the fact that every man who was appointed
between the first week of September, when the
law was passed, and the 1st of March, when the
machinery was all ready for operation, was re
quired to pass a competitive examination unless
he had been a volunteer soldier, and that 700
applicants took the first examination, a very
large proportion of whom were temporary ap
pointees. It was suggested and urged that we
ought not require such appointees to pass a
competitive examination, but we were firm, and
as a result a great many worthless appointees
abandoned the Idea of taking the examination
and went home.
-.' : /'¦¦¦' ---\ : - • . ¦ ¦¦-'-
| RICHMOND, Ind., June 25.-In,a letter
written by Judge Taft of the Philippines
Commission. to .William Dudley Foulke the
situation in the Philippine Islands in re
gard to the civil service law Is thus de
scribed: :,\ ' ..•'.•'- . . :
'• I- -believe- that- the., civil service law, which
was the fifth law we passed, is as stringent as
any; law which has been passed in the United
States. . It has never been suspended for a
moment. It was of course impossible to make
a civil service law applicable the next morning
after its passage, ! for the reason that it takes
a considerable time to adopt the necessary rules
and to prepare for the necessary examinations.
We provide that, with the exception of sol
diers,, every person who might be temporarily
appointed to a civil -. service position in the
islands between the time of the passage of the
law and the certificate by the ¦ civil service
board that it had eligible lists for the needs
of all' offices should be considered a temporary
appointee and should be required to pass a com
petitive examination successfully before being
appointed. - ¦ >. • ¦¦- > ,
' The establishment of provincial governments
presented another question of civil service, and
we met it by providing that after March, 1902.
all I provincial officers except ¦' the Governor
should be selected under the civil service law.
by promotion I and ¦ competitive examination.
The commission is a unit In thinking that the
civil service law is all Important here. With
out it- we should < be overwhelmed with non
descript .persons seeking employment and po
litical pressure .would be brought to bear to
have appointed in -the islands all the persons
who-had made failures in the United States.
PWe did. not extend the act to the school teach
ers ¦ for ¦ the : reason ' that school teaching is a
profession, and as the selection of them through
Mho superintendent . is made ' by consulting the
heads of colleges and universities it was im
possible for him. to secure good evidence. of
the fitness of the person applying, but as soon
as our first . batch of teachers* have been se
cured, under the great pressure for teachers In
these Islands, we shall extend the civil service
law to the teachers as well.
ditions in 'tire New
Possessions. .
Judge Taft Explains the Con-
ernment:
Philippines Commission
Plan for Island Gov-
CIVIL SERVICE
THE REQUISITE
EL. PASO, Tex., June 25.— A fight is now
on near Deming, N. M., between the
Bouthern Pacific and Bisbee railroads.
The Bisbee Railway people have declared
their intention of crossing the Southern
Pacific tracks " at that point to connect
•with the Santa Fe, and the Southern Pa
'cific has stationed armed guards and has
built a fence along its right of way to
prevent the 'Bisbee from carrying out its
determination.
The Bisbee grade Is complete to within
a. hundred feet of the Southern Pacific
track, but as often as the contractors and
workmen of the new railway have en
deavored to extend the line across ' the
Bouthern Pacific the four armed guards
have interfered and ordered the employes
of the new company to clear out or take
the consequences. Guards are on duty
day and night and have been stationed
there two weeks, or ever since the pur
pose of the Bisbee became known. The
Bisbee people have eighteen teams and a
large force of men engaged in grading
find have made a number of ineffectual
attempts to cross the Southern Pacific,
but the guards have on each occasion re
pulsed them.
The Bisbee grade comes up from the
southwest and approaches the Southern
Pacific at a point about one mile west of
Deming. The company's intention is to
cross over and connect with the Santa
Ke and the latter's roundhouse and use
the Santa Fe tracks into El Paso until
its own tracks have been laid. A few
days ago the Southern Pacific people,
fearing that guards might prove ineffec
tual in preventing the laying of the Bis
bee tracks across its own, ordered that
fences be constructed along its right of
xvay. A fence one mile and a half long
ie now being built. Just how the trouble
will end can only be surmised, but it is
said that it will likely be settled among
officials who are now considering the
crossing Question.
Controversy About Crossing
of Rails May Cause
Trouble.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Southern Pacific and Bis
bee People Are
at War.
ARMED GUARDS
AT THE TRACK
"The same Commissioner, the same
deputies, the same officials, the same one
hundred thousand seven hundred em
ployes (with a few exceptions) and the
same practice prevails In the bureau now
that was in force when Sickels extended
his approval of my administration."
CALL, BUREAU. 1406 G STREET. N.
W.. "WASHINGTON. June 25.—Commis
sioner of Pensions H. Clay Evans declines
to resign at the dictation of' the Grand
Army of :the Republic. He issued to-night
an official statement ; strongly criticizing
General D. E. Sickles of New York and
questioning the statement by the latter
and "Corporal"' Tanner that during the
last campaign the Republican National
Committee wrote a letter to General Sick
les promising that In the event of Presi
dent McKlnley's re-election Evans woul'd
not be reappointed. After consultation
•with personal and political friends, includ
ing the President, Evans authorized this
statement: ¦} .! V'-' r i
1 "I know, nothing of Major General Dan
iel E. Sickles' contract with the National
Committee. I never heard of it until he
denied It Sunday, reconsidered it Monday
and admitted It Tuesday. I know nothing
of General Sickles' object in attacking me
on the administration of the Pension Bu
reau. I am occupying a position of trust
and I have constantly refrained from re
plying to any such attacks, but It seems,
in justice to - those associated with me,
that I should not remain silent. - I had
served in my present position over two
years when General Sickles wrote me this
unsolicited letter: .'.
My Dear Governor Evans: I am surprised
and pained to eee the attitude toward you
taken up by some of the Grand Army organ
izations. Your administration of the office
seems to be worthy of the highest commenda
tion, above all from veteran soldiers. If you
think any expression from, me to the President
would be useful to you I will cheerfully com
municate with him. Sincerely yours.
May 27. 1899. * D. E. SICKLES.
. "I wrote to General Sickles on May 29,
1893. thanking- him for his kindly expres
sions and in return he wrote me the fol
lowing letter: . ; . . • "'¦*
' ily Dear Governor Evans: I have carefully
read the lnclosure In your recent letter and 1 1
am -not surprised to see its ample, clear and
convincinsr statements. .showing the admirable
administration of your office. I have written
an earnest letter to the President In which I
have expressed the utmost confidence In you
and the same measure of ' contempt for your
critics. Sincerely yours, 'D. E. SICKLES.
June 10, '1S99.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Letters Sent Him by General
Daniel Sickles Are
Quoted.
Commissioner of Pen
sions Issues Official
Statement.
EVANS REPLIES
TO ACCUSERS
Many Distinguished Britons Attend a Military Re
view in Honor of the American Statesman.
SPEAKER HENDERSON
RECEIVED BY THE KING
THE;'.SAN .. FRANCISCO^ CALL, ¦¦ WEDNESDAY^; JUNE \. 26, : -1901
LONDON, June 23.— D. B. Hender
son, Speaker of the United States
House of Representatives, and
Henry "White, Secretary of a the
United States, Embassy here,
witnessed the inspection of the Yeomen
of the Guard by King Ed ward in the
SPEAKER HENDERSON OF THE HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES,
¦WHO IS BEING HONORED BY KINGTSDWARD VII AND MANY DIS
TINGUISHED BRITISH STATESMEN IN. ENGLAND.
2
ADVERTISEMENTS.
That Tired Feeling
That exists before as well as after ex-
ertion and makes a daily burden of it-
self, is an indication of loss of vitality
and tone, affecting all the functions
of the body and commonly most of all
the digestive and assimilative.
• Its sufferer does not eat well nor
sleep w.ell.
"I had that tired feeling and when I sot
up in the morning it appeared as though I
had had no sleep. My system was all run
down. Hood's Sarsaparllla was recom-
mended for these symptoms and I began
taking it. Since taklne two bottles I am
entirely well. I cannot speak too highly
of Hood's." MARTIN KEMP, chef at
Union Stockyard Hotel, Cleveland, Ohio.
Hood's Sarsaparilla
! Cures that tired feeling, gives new
strength, new courage, new life.
World Famous Mariani ionic,
DOCTORS' OP/IKfOIVS.
"Aids digestion and assimilation, re-
moves fatigue and improves the appe-
tite."
"Sustains life for a long period and
nourishes without any other food or
drink." v -
All Druggists. Refuse Substitutes.
SECOND STREET CORNER.
CHEAP.
70 by 85 - - - - $7,500
; THOMAS. MAGEE & SONS,
5 Montgomery Street,
i visit DR. JORDAN'S great 4
{MUSEUM OF ANATOMY?
A _ . Ch I -' 1051 mm ST. lot. 6±47ti, S.F.Co!. I
\ ' CJT The Lareest Anatomical Museum In the \
m -— J_— World. Weaknesses or any contracted A
7 flag x£?l disease p»»itlvi-lyc«redhjrihe oldest T
0 IkMs Specialist on the Coast Est 36 years. (j)
? iiS8?)i DR * JORDAN-DISEASES OF MEN A
\ »^S7&H Consultation free and strictly priTate. \
a S Wn Tre;i;ment personally or by letter. A A
\fl 1/ flB 'fonOve Cwrt in every case undertaken. \
AF I lift ' Write for Boole. rilll.osOl'UT of A
"'II I* MAHRIAfiE. MAILED FREE. CaF
jk i| (J. valuable book for mm) - \
f DB. JORDAJI * CO.. 1051 MartetSt..S. F. V
DR.MEYEHS&CO. jggggafct
Specialists.. Disease
and weakness of jggsgir \?
men. Establis h e d fitaff ' .J&
1S51. Consultation ffs?S /^ip'lg?
and private book A\V|i" dr jH
free," at office or by *tj*t - >^a^l
mall. Cures guar-
anteed. 731 Mar- KoJ«^^^^«
ket street (eleva- / 4v V%^^fc y '"*$
tor entrance). San J&^J ISJwSSjSJh
NEW "WESTERN HOTEL,
j/EARNY . ANDl "WASHINGTON, STS.— RE-
•» modeled and renovated. KINO. "WARD &
CO. . : European plan. Rooms. 50c to $1 50 day;
*5 to $3 week; $3 to $20 month. ¦ Free baths; hot
and cold water ..every room; flre grates In every
room ; .• elevator , runs all night.
Weak Men and Women
CHOULD ,USE . DAMIANA BITTERS. - THE
- V'lfreat ' Mexican ' remedy; ¦ gives : health and
strength ¦ to ( sexual organs. Depot,- 323 Market.
—OF THE—
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
Connecticut Mutual
LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY
OF HARTFORD. In the State ot Connecticut.
on the 31st day of December. A. D. 1900.
and for the year ending on that day; made to
the Insurance Commissioner of the State of
California, pursuant to the requirements of sec-
tion 813 of tne Political Code of said State.
- ASSETS.
Net value of real estate owned fey
th-> company $12,054,398 47
Amount of loans secured - by bond
and mortgage on real estate 2S.4S3.472 M
Amount of loans secured by pledge
of bonds, stocks or other market-
able securities as collateral 2,300 00
Premium notes .and loans in any
form taken In payment of pre-
mlums on policies now In force 783.S61 90
Cash market value of all stocks and
Tjonds owned by the company 23,523.810 30
Amount of cash deposited in banks . 826.97» oo
Interest dne and accrued *.... 12
Rents due and accrued Z1.24S <K»
Net amount of premiums In proceaa
of collection, and of deferred -^ __ _
.premiums "• 322,52135
Total aasetfl $64.965.176 13
T.TA'HTT-'l'l'ffclS.
Claims for death losses and matured '
endowments, due and unpaid $ 38,143 50
Claims for death losses and matured
endowments In process of adjust- _
ment. or adjusted but not due *£*** 22
Claims resisted by the company.... 33,21133
Net present value of all the out-
standing policies, computed ac-
cording to the combined experience
tables of mortality, with four per „ ,_, ,_ _
cent Interest 56.321,159 00
Amount of all unpaid dividends to ._,.„„
policy holders »77.»6« »
All other liabilities IZl.m 73
Total liabilities .'....t57.773.837 71
INCOME.
Cash received for premiums on new ;
policies durlns the year % 412,504 81
Cash received for renewal of pre-
miums during the year 4.849.54. 31
Cash received for sale of annuities 13,912 44
Cash received for Interest J.533.197 73
Cash received for rents 407,431 13
Cash received from all other sources 793 00
Total income f 8.047,53$ 33
EXPENDITURES.
Cash paid for losses and matured
endowments * 4.816,995 10
Cash paid to annuitants ' 3.003 73
Paid for surrendered policies '... 543,445 98
Paid for dividends to policy holders 1,305.433 2S
Commissions paid to agents 390.473 6«
Salaries and other compensation of
officers and employes. except
agents and medical examiners 158,583 51
Salaries and traveling expenses of
managers of agencies 23,249 $0
Medical examiners' fees and salaries 23.913 23
; Cash paid for taxes S92.099 *S
Cash paid for rents S.307 33
All other cash payments 412.S70 62
Total expenditures during the
year ; t 8.085.392 97
PREMIUM-NOTE ACCOUNT.
Premium notes and other
premium obligations at
beginning of the year.. *S29, 945 83
Premium notes and other
premium obligations re-
ceived during- the year.. 793 00
Total 1830.733 £3
Deductions during the year, as fol- "
: lows:
Amount of notes and other
premium oblifrations used
In payment of losses and
claims j S 18.271 IS
Amount of notes and other
premium obligations used ffs**?
in purchase of surren-
dered policies 5,193 S7
Amount of notes and other
premium obligations used
In payment of dividends
to policy holders 30,308 43
Amount of notes and other
premium obligations void-
ed by lapse of policies.... 1.120 00
Amount of notes and other
premium obligations re-
deemed by maker in cash 11.9S2 80
Total reduction of premium-note
account - $ 66,876 33
Balance, note. assets at end 'of the
year $753,861 90
JACOB I* GREENE. President
HERBERT H. WHITE, Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 13th
day of Pebruary. 1901. NATHAN F. PECK.
Notary Public
A^ K. P. "HARMON,
DISTRICT SUPERINTENDENT
Pacific Coast Agencies.
F. R. NOYES, General Agent,
MILLS BUILDING,
San Francisco, Cal.
STATEMENT
OP THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
—OP THE
Standard Marine
INSURANCE COMPANY, Limited,
OF LIVERPOOL. England, on the 31st day
of December. A. D. 1900. and for the year
ending on that day. as made to the Insurance
Commissioner of the State of California, pur-
suant to the provisions of sections 610 and 411
of the Political Code, condensed as per blank
furnisher! by the Commissioner.
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up in
Cash 1300.0CO0O
ASSETS. . *
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company H, 178. 004 on
Cash in Banks 1S0.7S3 CO
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans .. 11.9SS 00
Premiums in due Course ot Collec-
tion 242,«12 0O
Bills receivable, not Matured, taken .
. for Fire and Marine Risks....: 23.332 00
Rents due and accrued, policy . . ,
stamps on hand 624 CO
Total Assets Jl.643,303 OO
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid V
Losses in process of Adjustment or ?
in Suspense ¦ $172,930 00
Losses resisted, including ex-
penses •'
Gross premiums on Marine and In-V
land Navigation Risks. $ ;
reinsurance 100 per cent ¦ 142,743 00
Gross premiums on Marine Time .
Risks. $— SO per
A?"" ther' Liabilities ".'.'.'.'.'. '. '. '. '.'. '.'.'.'. ! . . U7.134 00
Total Liabilities $432,523 bo
INCOME. ' ;
Net cash actually received for Ma-
rine premiums $457,645 00
Received for Interest and dividends
on Bonds. Stocks, Loans, and from
all other sources 39,036 00
Total Income $326.682 00
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for Marine Losses
(including $ . losses of previ-
ous years) $495,527 00
Paid for Salaries. ' Fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc 33,221 S3
Paid for State, National and Local
taxes 9,067 47
All other payments and expenditures 1.677 00
' Total Expenditures $541.433 00
Marine. .
Losses Incurred during the year..... $479.927, 00
Risks and Premiums. Mar. Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
written during the
year * $64,495,935 $387.538 00
Net amount of Risks
expired during the
year <3.So2.373 539,755 00
Net amount in force
December 31. 1900 8,271,210 142.743 00
JNO. tV~ILLTAMSOX. President.
JOHN GICK. Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me, thl»
23d day of January. 1901.
W. J. STILIS. XT. a Vice Consul.
J. D. SPRECKELS^ & BROS. CO.,
- :./'• General Agents,
J. P. P. DAVIS & SON, Managon,
215 Sansoma Street, San Franoiaoo, Cal.
Telephone Private Exchange. 5i
WILEY B. ALLEN co.-. 933 Market St-.S.F. Branri-951 Broadway, Oaklani-
A TVUT^jy^TSfr V. M HM'l'St-PROMINENT BUSINESS MAN
WHOSE DEATH COMES AS A
SAD SURPRISE.
The College of Physicians and Surgeons
is the medical department of the Univer
sity of Illinois, situated at Shampalgn.
111. The loss on building and equipment is
practically total and will approximate
$200,000. -
CHICAGO, June 23.— Xhrringr a heavy
thunder storm to-night a bolt of lightning
struck the College of Physicians and Sur
geons, on Harrison street, between "Wood
and Honore. The flre which followed the
lightning in a short time destroyed the
college building, which was one of the
finest of its kind In the West. The.light
ning struck the college squarely on the
top of a rising projection In the front
part of the roof, and such a tremendous
crash _of thunder accompanied the flash
that all people in the neighborhood
thought an explosion had taken place in
the college. Almost before the first fire
engine had arrived the flames had spread
all through the five stories of the build
ing.
Adjoining the college is the smallest
building of the "West Side Hospital which
was filled with patients, about 100 being in
the various wards. As soon as it was
seen that the college could nofbe saved
and Its walls were liable to fall at any
time, the work of removing the patients
from the hospital began. Rain was fall-
Ing heavily at the time, but fortunately
there are so many hospitals and medical
institutions in the neighborhood that It
was necessary to remove the patients but
a short distance, most of them being
taken to the County Hospital, one square
away. The firemen and the attendants at
the hospitals did most of the moving,
carrying the invalids on beds, cots,
stretchers or whatever came to hand.
None of the hospital patients was Injured.
College Building Is De
• stroyed During Furi
ous Storm.
FIRE FOLLOWS
THE LIGHTNING
« Some young men dress so", loud they
can't hear themselves think. >
One who escaped . the massacre, a man
named Cho Ingen^made his way from Sai
shufu in a boat to a coast village and
from there .telegraphed: the news to the
•French Minister at Seoul. Thei French
warship Surprile and two Japanese war
ships were dispatched to the island, and
dispersed the rioting natives.": The Korean
Governor says that the officers of the Sur
prise threatened to land marines and ex*
terminate the natives, but were persuided
not to carry out their | threats. One hun
dred I Korean • troops had also been sent to
the village and these saw that order was
kept from * the * time : of their ' arrival. " •; , : •¦
",The Quelpart Governor asks his Govern
ment to address a note to the Frerich Gov
ernment with. a ; view to stopping the dis
patch l of French 1 troops;, less the converts
should- rise again to 'wreak vengeance on
the natives- • ¦ -r\_ •¦*: ' • ¦/ r ¦ J_^>. >.-
they were outnumbered they fled and the
French missionaries managed to escape to
the house of the local governor, where
they, took refuge. "'. . • >
. The natives killed more than fifty of the
converts during their flight and posted)
placards about- the -village ordering the
arrest of all those that were found alive.
.On the 3Sth a large body of natives
marched out of Saishufu and searched for
hiding converts In the different villages.
It was on this day that the massacres of
the ¦ largest, number i occurred,', more than
250 converts hiding In the various villages
being captured and " killed. . ... . . ,
Considine came to Seattle from Chlcaen
in 1SS9. He had- been on the- police force
in that- city, but went into the employ of
a local gambling- house here.- After a time
he engaged in the variety show business
establishing V the . People's' Theater,: of
which he' is' still- one of the -proprietors
For the last three ; or. four years he has
been. one of the leading gamblers of the
tow . n d i n , e , rule d the -gambling, world
until ( Chief Meredith : assumed office, v
"W. L. Meredith was 32 years of. are and
came to this city in 18S8 from Washington
D. C., where hla parents still reside -As
the representative. of the W. C. Hill es
tate, he, being well educated and am
bitious, soon became well known to busi
ness men and popular. After settling up
the affairs of the estate ,he entered the
customs service as Chinese inspector at
this port and made a good record durlnir
several years of active duty. He was
then for a; time in the Police Department
but soon resigned to . go with John w'
Consldine to Spokane, where he was em
ployed In. the' latter' s theater. Two years
later. he» returned- to Seattle with 1 Consi
dlne and re-entered the Police Depart
ment, working his way up from clerk to
detective, and from detective to Chief to
which position he was appointed last De
cember. He was reputed to-be an officer
of ability -and personal courage. He is
survived by a widow and two children in
this city. ¦ ¦;¦•» .' ¦¦-/-
Career of the Two Men.
dith's removal from office . and th»
tragedy of to-day was not a surprise.
"Union Pacific Begins Argument.
CARSON, Nev., June 25.— In the caseof
the Union Pacific Railroad Company vs.
the Oregon Short- Line, before Judge Haw
ley of the United States Circuit Court to
day, <thej submitting of documentary evi
dence was finished and argument opened
by. Judge Kelly, general attorney for the
Union Pacific forces.
F. K. Barthel the New President of
San Jose Normal School
Graduates, . .
SAN JOSE, June" 25.— The Alumni Asso
ciation of the State Normal School to-day,
elected the following officers: President
F. K. Barthel; vice-president. Mrs. J. e
Chope; .secretary.. Miss Caroline Fiedler:
treasurer. Commercial and Savings Bank*
executive committee, Harry McKlnney,'
Maude Miller and Agnes Carroll. Reso- (
lutlons were adopted praising the trustees
and faculty for the Just manner in which
affairs of the school have been adminis
tered during the year and approving the
plan of placing the achool on a high
school basis. .
President Hancock presided at the after
noon session. The exercises opened with
a selection by the San Jose High School
orchestra. Mrs. J. E. Chope, superintend
ent of schools of Monterey County/ deliv
ered- an address entitled "Breaks . in the
Net/v Professor C. J. C. Bennett, a mem
ber of the faculty, who has Just returned
from a trip abroad, gave a short talk on
Europe. A- recitation by Miss Angela
Louise AndeTsori followed. . State Superin
tendent T. J. Kirk delivered an address to
the. students, m "which he spoke of the
short-comings ofc teachers. C. H." Meeker
of Pacific Grove addressed -the meeting
inviting: the alumni to attend the meetinjr
of the State Teachers" Association to be
held at Pacific Grove this summer.
This evening the, Alumni Association
enjoyed a reception and ball at the Hotel
Vendome. • ? • \
A class of sigrhty-nlne *' students will
graduate from the Normal School. to-mor
row morning. An address is to be deliv
ered by ; Dr. John Dewey, head of the
department of pedagogy in the Chicago
University., :V.-vi;^ •¦. '
ALTJJINI ASSOCIATION
- , NAMES ITS OFFICERS
LAD'S PROMPT ACTION
SAVES A CHILD'S LIFE
Throws Bedclothes Around a
Girr Enveloped in
Flames.
¦ t Special Dispatch to The Call.
GILROT, June 25.-Miss Ruth Robert
son, a San Francisco girl who is visiting
at the country home of James C. Zuck
near this city, received shocking burns
through the overturning of a lamp last
night. Should 'she recover she will owe
her life to the - presence of mind and
prompt action of Ralph Zuck, a young son
of James C. Zuck. Her physician to-night
expressed the hope that the burns would
not cause death..
Little Miss Ruth and Rosamond Zuck, a
young girl whom she was visiting over
turned a lamp while at play. The oil flew
out upon Ruth's clothing and at once be
came ignited. The children ran screaming
to the front porch of the house, Ruth en
veloped in flames. She would have burned
to a crisp had not Ralph Zuck. who had
retired, come' running down the stairs
with an armful" of bedclothlng. "With this
he enfolded the shrieking girl, smothering
the flames. ¦ The child's back and side
were horribly blistered and she has suf
fered . intensely.
The fire started by the overturning of
the lamp was extinguished after it had
damaged the furniture in the room to the
extent of about $250.
FATAL DUEL IN SEATTLE DRUG STORE
Continued From Page One.
CAMP WALLACE REYNOLDS
TAKES ON GALA ATTIRE
Veterans and Their Ladies Are Mak
ing the Tented City an Attrac
• tive Abode.
SANTA CRUZ, June 25,— By the arrival
of delegations from Oakland, San. Jose
and Los Gatos, .the population of Camp
Wallace Reynolds was largely increased
to-day. The city of tents is fast taking
on a military air. Names have been given
to the streets t and the large open space in
frpnt of the assembly tent has taken the
name of Washington square. That the
veterans have not forgotten the romances
of their youth Is apparent in. the appella
tions that have been given to some of the
lanes and alleyways between the tents.
At -the head of each., there Is .a large
placard informing the visitor ~ that the
camp thoroughfare before him Is Widows'
Lane, Lovers' Retreat, Sparking Alley or
Sorrow's Relief, as the case might be.
Decorations of bunting and flags have
sprung up around the camp and the vet
erans and their ladies are vying with one
another to make the place attractive and
comfortable, for their two weeks' sojourn.
SANTA ROSA. June 25.— The Veterans'
Association. of Northern California, now in
annual encampment in Armstrong Park,
near Guerneville. has planned a novel
event for Thursday. One of the giant
monarchs of the forest "will be dedicated
to the memory of the late Colonel James
W. Armstrong, from whom the park takes
its name, The tree selected is the most
perfect specimen in the grove and is more
than forty feet in circumference. Hon.
John Tyler Campbell of this city will de
liver the dedicatory address. Rev. W. L».
Jones will preside. The tree has been ap
propriately draped, and from the topmost
branch streamers of red, white and blue
stretch in every direction.
LOTTISE FULLER ALLEGES
, MALICIOUS PROSECUTION 1
Brings Suit for Damages Against
Attorneys and Citizens of
. Santa Cruz.
SANTA CRUZ, June 25.— Suit was be
gun to-day in the Superior • Court by
Louise Fuller against Judge L. F.' Smith
of Santa Cruz, Judge M. T. Dooling of
Holllster, Tax Collector Helms, Judge J.
H. Logan, W. D. Storey, ex 7 Dlstrlct At
torney Lindsay and other prominent at
torneys and citizens to recover $50,000
damages for alleged malicious prosecu
tion. The case grows out of litigation In
the case of Davenport ¦ against Fuller,
.which was begun ten years ago. Many
o-f . the defendants were plaintiff's attor-
neys. ' ." - .
Mrs. Fuller Is acting as her own attor
ney. She wants the, court to restrain the
Tax Collector from selling property to the
State on which taxes had not been paid;
also to set aside mortgages given on her
property to attorneys for services ren
dered. She claims that by reason of the
litigation she has lost her health.
MASSACRE OF CHRISTIANS It) KOREA
Continued From Page One.
Lumber Interests Consolidated.
SANTA CRUZ, June 25.— There has been
a consolidation of 'the lumber interests at
the northern end of Santa Cruz County.
H. L. Middleton has been appointed man
ager of the Santa Clara Valley Mill and
Lumber Company. This means the end
of the lumber war in this county. Mid
dleton is the manager of the Big Basin
Lumber Company, the Enterprise Lum
ber . Company and the Boulder Creek
Land and Lumber Company. The com
bined corporations have a capital of more
than $2,000,000. Instead of the many saw
mills, only two are to be operated.
The funeral service will' be held to-day
at 12:30 p. m. at the family residence un
der thp auspices of the Masonic fraternity,
the services being private. The body will
be cremated at the Odd Fellows' Crema
tory, at the wish of Mr. Weed. J
Mr. AVeed was married twenty years ago
to a daughter of James Gannon, the well
known politician. Three children are left
to share with the sorrowing widow the
loss of a kind and devoted husband and
father.
As a member of the Bohemian and
Olympic clubs Mr. Weed was known to
hundreds as a public spirited and pro
gressive man. He was for many years a
director of the Olympic Club. The de
ceased was a Mason and also a member
of the Loyal Leeion. . » *,
Mr. Weed- was the founder of the Long
Syrup Refining Company and a few days
ago disposed of his stock in that company
for $50,000. • ;
most valued " employes of the Western
Sugar Refinery Company, occupying the
position of office manager.
LOS ANGFLES. June 25.— The body of
Professor Edouard J. Kugler was found
in bed la his room on the third floor of
the Eraporia lodging-house this morning:.
Kugler was a music teacher, but had few
pupils. On the street he was a unique
figure. Winter or summer he invariably
•wore a tall sUk hat and bro-wro ulster,
buttoned up to the chin, and his tall fig
ure and stron«* smooth-shaven face at
tracted much attention.
Pound Dead in His Boom.
SAN DIEGO, June 25.— The steamer
Carlisle City continues in quarantine.
There has been ro sickness on board since
the death of the last Chinese patient,
vrhlch occurred five days ago. The plan to
Pfnd the vessel to San Francisco has been
abandoned and vessel and cargo will be
thoroughly fumigated and disinfected
here, although owing^to lack of facilities
the taek may take a fortnight or more.
This work is now In progress.
Drs. Hill and Anderson, inspectors sent
by the State Board of Health, arrived
here to-day. Dr. Stockton, the health of
ficer of this city, declares that with the
Tifjld quarantine regulations that are In
force, there is no possibility of plague
perms, if any now remain on the vessel,
petting to the mainland.
Vessel on Which. Plagn'e Is Reported
K'I'katw y.n. CARLISLE CITY
REMAINS IN" SAN DIEGO
Will Not Be Sent to San
Francisco.
VANCOUVER, B. C.\ June 23.— An en
gine and a dozen freight cars were rolled
down, the steeo slope of a mountain this
morning between Banff and Calgary.
Brakeman Fitzhugh was seriously in
jured and Engineer Kennedy had his hand
crushed and was sent to the hospital.
A slide came down the rocky side of
the mountain just as the train was com
ing along. Trains are all running very
cautiously since the- beginning of the
trackmen's strike, and this freight was
going especially slowly. The engineer ap
plied the brakes and the train was at
a standstill almost as soon as the slide
struck the cars.
The engine now lies bottom up In the
bed of a small stream at the foot of the
slope. Two of the cars at the rear of the
train remained .on the track, while the
others followed the engine into the gulch.
The engineer went under the engine when
she first toppled over, and his escape was
miraculous. - -> •
Engine and a Dozen Cars Near Cal
gary Are Hurled Into a
Gulch.
MOUNTAIN. LANDSLIDE i
STBTKES FREIGHT TRAIN
WOODLAND, June 25.— W. G. Read of
Davisville, Inventor and manufacturer of
the Read almond huller, has brought suit
against his wife for a divorce. The com
plaint and answer and cross-complaint
have all been filed and the trial will be
highly sensational. Each accuses the
other of Infidelity and the names of co
respondents are bandied about In a man
ner that bodes trouble for somebody'
Plaintiff Read, who is a deacon in the
church, is not only charged with infidelity,
but he is accused of acts unbecoming a
gentleman toward respectable women. He
is also accused of having committed
forgery and endeavoring to induce his
wife to swear falsely against the man
named in the first complaint" as co-re
spondent.
Both parties to the suit want the com
munity property, an absolute divorce and
tho custody of. the three children.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Wife Piles a Cross-Complaint
That Is Replete With %
Sensations.
DAVISVILLE DEACON
SUES FOR A DIVORCE
The business ability of Mr. Weed
brought him into . close relations with
Claus Spreckels and he was one- of the
From that time until his death Mr. Weed
was an invalid, and while he was able to
attend to business at times, he was de
votedly cared for by his wife and family.
Last Saturday Mr. Weed was visiting
the Cosmos Club and was taken ill there.
He returned to his home, 1917 Sacramento
street, and his wife at once summoned the
family physician. All that science and
loving care could do to save the sufferer's
life proved unavailing". • \ \
Merritt H. Weed was born in Pennsyl
vania and was 52 years and 9 months old
at the time of his death. His father was
Dr. Theodore J. Weed, a distinguished
member of his profession and well known
in the army medical department. Edu
cated in the public schools of the Kast
Merritt H. We*i started his career in life
In Leavenworth, Kansas, in- the First
National Bank of that city. A few years
later he came to Virginia City and ac
ce'pted a position in a broker's office. A
trip to Europe followed and then Mr.
Weed settled in San Francisco, occupying
positions in the auditor's office of the
Central Pacific Railroad Company and in
the County Clerk's office.
The cause of Mr. "Weed's death was
paralysis, from which he had suffered for
the last three years. Possessed of sterling
qualities, he devoted his entire energy to
business, and it was partly due to his close
application to work that he suffered the
stroke that resulted in his death.
Mr. Weed, who for the last twenty years
was connected with the Western Sugar
Refinery, was held in the highest esteem
by a legion of friends and admirers, and
his demise has caused wide-spread sorrow.
circles In this city.
THE news of the death of Merritt
H. Weed on Monday evening last
has been received with* most pro
found regret- in business and social
Wealthy San Bernardino Mining Man
WARD DIVOECE SUIT
/• IS CALLED FOR TRIAL
Contests His Wife's Charge of
Non-Support.
SAN BERNARDINO, June 25.— The di
vorce suit of Mary L. Ward against John
E. "Ward was commenced to-day in De
partment 2 of the Superior Court, Judge
Campbell presiding. Mrs. Ward seeks a
legal separation from her husband on the
grounds of desertion and non-support. A
large amount of property is involved.
Ward is one . of the wealthiest mining
men in this section. He has been mar
ried about two years to his present wife,
who was formerly a Los Angeles lady of
much social prominence. Witnesses for
both sides are here from Los Angeles
Ventura and Kern counties.
John Leffler Sues for Divorce.
SAN JOSE, June 23.— Mrs. Abble A. Lef
fler, who until a year ago was prominent
in church and society circles of this city,
has been made the defendant In a divorce
suit by her husband, John Leffler. The
ground is desertion. About a year ago
Mrs. Leffler went to Southern California
and Arizona, and she has not returned.
They were married in the East twelve
years ago. There are no children and no
community property. Leffler conducts a
livery stable in this city.
Assembly Expels an Editor.
MELBOURNE, June 25.— Amid scenes of
excitement and crowded galleries the Fed
eral Assembly to-day, by a vote of 64 to
17, expelled Findley, editor of a local labor
organ, for republishing in his paper the
article from "The Irish People" of Dublin
dated May 10, violently attacking King
Edward, which caused the seizure of the
last mentioned weekly neriodlcal by the
police of Dublin, Cork and other towns of
Ireland.
Mrs. Perry Summers, the wortan whose
«vldence was largely instrumental in
causing the indictment of. the alleged
Jynchers, has been afraid to return to v her
home in Lookout and :s etill in Alturas.
She fears that the friends of the lynchers
will wreak vengeance upon her should she
ko back to the scene of the tragedy. Judge
Harrington has promised that she will be
protected while Phe remains in Alturas.
There have been no additional arrests of
alleged lynchera since the incarceration
of Robert Leventon. James Brown and
Imotn Cades, and It does not appear likely
that there will be. The sympathy of the
Lookout country ie with the prisoners,
and a formidable array of legal talent has
been engaged in their defense. Judge Har
rington has telegraphed to Governor Gage
to send some good attorney to assist Dis
trict Attorney Bonner in the prosecution.
The case will be hard fought on both
Bides. The prisoners will soon have their
hearing, at which time the date of their
trial will be set.
The prisoners are conducting themselves
coolly end apparently do not fear the out
come. Their friends have already begun
to frame a defrase, and it is likely there
Trtll be some "tall swearing" done in court
¦when the cases are called. Lookout citl
lens visit the prisoners every day.
ALTTTRAS, June 25. — Superior Judge
Harrington and District Attorney Bonner,
•whose fearless attitude has resulted In
placing behind prison bars three men who
are accused of having been leaders of the
mob that hanged Calvin Hall, his three
eons and Daniel Yantis near Lookout, have
again stepped in to prevent the defeat of
Justice. A. C. Calburn, a young man who,
before the Grand Jury, gave damaging
testimony^ against the prisoners, has since
then been threatened that it were better
lor him If he should depart from this
district. Calburn, fearing an attempt upon
his life, closed up his affairs- here and was
preparing to leave when the court offi
cial* heard of his plans. District Attor
ney Bcnner at once ordered that he be
detained in the County Jail as a witness.
j Calburn. through his attorney, applied for
' b. writ of habeas corpus, but it was re
fused by Judge Harrington.
Thwart His Plan to Flee Prom
the Vengeance of
Lynchers. »
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CHECK FLIGHT
OF A WITNESS
Modoc Court Officials
Order Young Calburn
to Prison.
BAEKLEY EAST, Cap© Colony, Mon
day, June 24. — General Fouche's two Boer
commandos have advanced beyond Glen
Almond, which is about ten miles south
east of Aliwal North. Boer and British
scouts have exchanged shots six miles
hence. All the local defense forces have
been mobilized.
- CAPE TOWN, June 23.— Jacobus Bo
tha, the member of the Cape Assembly for
Aliwal North, has been captured by the
Boers and publicly sjamboked. In addi
tion, his house was burned. The reason
assigned for this treatment i3 that Botha
voted in favor of the treason bill.
LONDON, June 28.— The casualty Jlsts
made public by the War Office last night
I show severe fighting in various parts of
Africa that is not reported in the
."ordinary dispatches. This is noticeably so
[with regard to the Zeerust position in
! Cape Colony. It also destroys quietude,
i which. is added to by the repeated looting
! of Jamestown In spite of the proximity of
: a strong British force at Aliwal North. It
¦ appears that, including the ( Boer prisoners
and those in the concentration camps the
! cost of supporting some SO ,000 Boers is to
! day falling upon the British taxpayers.
I CAPE COLONY, June 25.— Details of the
engagement between General Eliot's col
! umn and Dewet's force near Reltz, June 6,
! show that the British surprised the Boer
• convoy. The burghers fled, but. seeing
: that the captors were not in strong force,
! the Boers returned and charged with
j great determination, after desperate fight
ing recapturing the convoy.
Meanwhile Colonel DeL isle arrived with
reinforcements and the fighting was re
\ newed. The Boers lay beneath their
wagons and unflinchingly fired volleys
between the wheels, while their comrades
were engaged in inspanning and driving
off that portion of the convoy farthest
from the British. The latter pushed in
among the wagons, using their bayonets
freely. General Delarey was present,
and personally used a rifle. A man at his
right hand was killed and the comrade on
his left wounded. •
The affair ended in a series'of hand-to
hand encounters and fierce melees, the
• Boers eventually being driven off. One of
j General Dewet's staff officers was wound
ed and taken prisoner.
Boers .Battle Desperately
: When Closely Pressed by
Pursuing Columns.
Indications of Severe
Fighting in Cape
BRITAIN'S BIG
CASUALTY LISTS
Besides the Congressional party there
was a contingent from Sacramento,
among whom were Frank D. Ryan, Com
mlssiqner.of Public Works; M. A..Nourse,
chief engineer to^frhe Commissioner; George
N. Randall, assistant engineer; Captain
T. B. Hall of the auditing committee; M.
J. Dillman, ¦ chairman of the Board of
Supervisors; Mrs. Dillman; P. C. Drescher
and wife; Senator R.T. Devlin and wife;
C. F. Prentiss, vice president of - the
Chamber; of Commerce; Frank Miller, "V.
S. McClatchy, T. "W. Sheehan, Joseph
Steffens, A. C. Hinkson, E. -J. Devlin and
Hv- A. French. About thirty-live Stock
tonites completed the passenger list. ;
The boat got as *far as the Oakland
ranch; five miles below the city, when the
current sent her ashore— an object lesson
on the need of strengthening some of the
curves. The J. D. Peters was sent down
and soon had the Corcoran afloat.
SACRAMENTO, June 25.— The Congres
sional committee reached Sacramento
shortly before 8 o'clock to-night. The
Congressmen' and their wives were hos
pitably entertained on the boat by the
Stockton Chamber of Commerce, while on
their arrival in this city they* were wel
comed by the local Chamber of Commerce
and citizens in general. After a night of
rest the Congressmen will leave Sacra
mento in charge of the Chamber of Com
merce for a trip up the Sacramento River
to the mouth of the Feather, v when the
needs of the river, in order to preserve
navigation, will be pointed out. The ladies
of the party will meanwhile be entertained
by the ladies of Sacramento until the
afternoon, when they will leave by train
to join the Congressmen at Knights
Landing and continue the journey to the
north. '. ¦ . v -
STOCKTON, June 25.— The palatial river
steamer Corcoran; left here this morning
with the visiting eastern Congressmen,
State officials and prominent citizens. . A
cruise on the San Joaquin and Sacramen
to rivers gave the Eastern statesmen an
insight into j the importance and needs of
these waterways. Although the start was
to have been" made at 3 o'clock this morn
ing it was decided not to hurry the visit
ors, and it was 9 o'clock before the Cor
coran whistled farewell and the ropes
were cast off the pier. A band was on
board to enliven the trip.
( Special Dispatch '. to The Call.
Forceful Illustration of Need
of Improving the San
, Joaquin.'
Con gr essional Party
Goes Ashore.
Steamer . Carry ing the
OBJECT LESSON
TO LAWMAKERS
For Twentv Years He Was a Prominent Figure
' . in Affairs of Western Sugar Refinery.
merritt h. weed dies
After long suffering
Specif Dispatch to The Call.
LOS AXGELES.June 25.— The campaign
having for Its object the succession . to
United States Senator George C. Perkins,
whose term will expircwon March 4, 1903, is
in full blast in this end of the State. The
word has been passed down the line that
the present Senator is to have. the support
of the Republican State machine, and
such politics as \V. F. Herrin will do next
year is "to be done in Senator Perkins' in
terest
Governor Henry T. Gage has not yet
been brought around entirely to that way
of thinking, the Governor having once, it
will be remembered, criticised Senator
Perkins* public record rather severely.
The occasion was the free harbor jubilee
at San Pedro two years ago. The Gov
ernor and Senator Perkins are supposed
to have settled their differences since then
and tl-ey are now believed to be upon ex
cellent terms.
Senator Perkins" has established a Los
Angeles bureau, where his good points are
reiterated from early morning until late
at night. The scene of operations is the
Westminster Hotel, and the chief in
charge is James V. Kelly, erstwhile of
San Jcse.
"Jimmy" Kelly is said to have been se
lected ' as the Perkins field manager for
Southern California— the chief medicine
man south of the Tehachapi— and it will
be Kelly's duty to select the proper ma*
terial for the legislative nominations next
year. .
Stephen Kelly - of San Bernardino, who
desires to Jbe the successor of John C.
Lynch as Collector of Internal Revenue,
Is one of James V. Kelly's principal lieu
tenants. Senator Perkins is in a quandary
over his position. He would like to reap
point Collector Lynch, but* Stephen Kelly
is in the way. Just how the Senator will
finally squirm out of a ticklish situation
Is a mystery, as Kelly and Lynch are both
certain, they say, of landing the prize.
His Duty the Selection of
Proper Material for the
Legislature.
Field Marshal for Sena
tor Perkins South of
Tehachapi.
"JIMMY" KELLY
AT THE HELM
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JUNE 26' 1901.
3
PACIFIC DEPARTMENT.
C.'A. HENRY & CO, General Agents,
• 5215 Sansomc Street, , San Fpjancisco, Cat.
STATEMENT
— o? thi: —
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF mii
Assurance Company
OF AMERICA
OF NTTW TORK. In the State of New York,
en the 81st day of December. A. D. 1900.
«nfl for the year endlnjr on that day. as made
to th» Insurance Commissioner of the State
o€ Calilernla pursuant to the provisions of
*«ction» €10 and 611 of the Political Code, con-
««*tVoi*. ¦« per blaak furnished by the Com-
TnlC " iCner - CAPITAL.
Att.wt* <=f Capital Stock, paid up
In Cash $200,000 00
ASSETS.
C«»h Market Value of all Stocks and
Bocfis owned by Company $434,306 1H
CaJ^j In CoiriT>any's Office 10 07
Ct** In Banks 80,580 73
jpter^rt due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans 1.27tL|9
Premiums in due Course of Collec-
tloa ••• E3.2S6 00
T>oe from other Companies for Re- -^
Jrsarane* on losses already paid... 1.5S7 00
Total Af»et« *$£20.SSS54
LIABILITIES.
T^ess** adjusted and um»M J1.0S6 00
Xxw* In process of Adjustment or
¦ In Supper.se 3S,m2 on
Tx-sses resisted. Including expenses. 250 00
GrraMi premiums en Fire Ri*ks run-
r.lnr one year or less. J218.KC9 40;
reinsurance SO per «-*nt .' 109.434 70
/•»„ prewJi'Tns on Fire Ri*k* run-
pinr nw than one year. £61,524 07;
reinsurance nro rata S4.S77 11
>U .other Liabilities ' 27.049 83
Total Liabilities S19L109 74
¦
INCOME.
y>t csrti aettanr received for Fire
rretnltanis •••••••• J225.2SS 40
n^jr.11 fnr ¦ Interest ard dividend*
"on Bnnds. Stocks. Loans, and
Trwn oil rther source* IS.WI W
r.«*?ved t0T 1?roflt en ea3e of Bon<1 " S.9M CS
Total Income J24S.153 88
EXPF.NDJTt'HFR. ~
Vet •tnwrt P»W for Fire Ln«sM
rinriodin* * • losses of prevl-
„,„ year*) $153.812 79
?Cet pm«tint '>»'* for Marine Ln**e«
nnclndlnr * — — . losses of prevl- • v
r««» rears) 452 93
THviflMse* tn {stockholders 24.000 00
y>**« nr sliowed for Commission or
rimk^rV " i :••- 1.C86 34
T»aH frr Polsrir*. Fee« and other
rVnimi for offcern. d»rks. etc.... 3,085 00
j-.,.* frr State. National and Local
tax" *.S19 25
• A!l oth»r payments and expenditures 2.845 92
• To*al Expenditure* $292,202 23
Ty^mf* iTurirr«»a tivrir.e the r*ar..i.. tt5ft.7fiO 72
niric* snd Prpinfumn. < Fire Risks.! Premiums.
;>t Rmount nf Risks! '
written durlmr the' !
year ..' $37,848,234 1 $334.552 0
yr-t ntnount of RJrkp' " — I
during the! '
. j-Par ...» l| 24.C3.933 1 S26.E24 86
yt>i nTn/rant In force? !
TVcerntwr JI. ISM ! r.C24.R23 I 2S0.393 47
ROPERT r. RATHPOVE. President.
n. TtL-TrtrrTTKR TlATJTBrtNT:. Secretary.
Pubf«cr!b^i1 f>n<1 «=Trrrr" to before me. this
S4th day ft .TftnMary. iwr;. \
GEO. O. RT'GEP.. Notary Public
STATEMENT
OF THIf
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
—OP THE — —
National Standard
INSURANCE COMPANY
(\T NEW YORK, In the State of New TorTc
*»* on the 31st day of December, A. D 1900
anfl for the year ending- on that day, as made
to the Insurance - Commissioner • of the State
of California pursuant to the provisions of
sections 610 and €11 of the Political Code con-
densed as per blank furnished by the 'com-
missioner.
, CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up
In Cash $200,000 00
ASSETS. , =====
Cart Market Value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company S423 CM oa
rart In Company's Office •¦»».««
Cash in Banks 63 15117
Tnterert due «nd accrued on all
Stocks and Loans 2 436 61
Premiums In due Course of Collec-
tion ......'..".. ES.511 OS
Due from other Companies for Re-
insurance t/a losses already paid... * 1.B52 00
Total Assets 1549.310 50
LIABILITIES. ~~ ¦
Tx»ise« adjusted and tmnald.... $2 218 00
Ln*«se« 1n wrocess of Adjustment or
T in Suspense 1S.M4 flO
T^osses rM>1«ted. lnehirttnr ernenses.. 1,635 00
Gross. premiums on Tire Rt«ks run-
n'nir one year or Iws. $228,617 71;
reinsurance 50 per <v»nt.. 114.808 86
Gross premiums on Tire Risks run-
ninr mnr* than on* year, $51,335 S8; .
reinsurance pro rata «ft 1M «
All other Liabilities ., j»>97 <•,
Total Liabilities jm.616 63
INCOME.. ' .
N"#t curt actually received for T\n
premiums ¦ jjjg g7j s $
HecHvo'l for lnt»r»«t and dividend"
on Bnnds. Stocks. Loans, and
from nil other nourcMi • is 29J 1«
Received for profit on Bale of Bonds. 23.750 w>
Total Income J277.921~77
EXPENPTTTJRF8. ' ¦-¦ •
Net amount raid fpr Fire Lomm
flncludiTir S . losses of previ-
ous y»«rs> ; ; $180 M3 27
Net umirant na!d for Marine Lnsiw>s
rtnrlufline S , losse* of previ-
ous yearn) ; jm 54
TVvidendfi tn Ptorkhoirters 14 000 ro
T»»i«1 «r flowed for Commission or A
Prok«'ras-«» .. 79 935. fir
P»«<1 for PalaHM. Fee* ind*"other ¦ „
rharpes fnr offlrpr*. cl»rk*. etc.... 2 765 0"
P>M for State. National and Local
.?,**!£••• ••• ¦».«»•>«
All other payments and expenditures 2.334 39
Total Expenditures ; J251.022 "¦
Tx>«*» tnmrr»<1 dnHng the v»r $Fs7.R33 61
nifk^nn'l Premiums. I Fire Risks. I Premiums.
Net nmount of RJ«Vsl |
written during - the' !
v^n^r;;," r-,;J J=8 - G35 - 272 { J404 - 9S7 «
•¦•mired during the! | ' :
>7 ar ¦•¦••-; J S4.rs.Jl5 I 317.669 3%
N»t amount In forcel . \ \ :
PoromW 31. HOP 1 ' JS 4R<! P<!3 I JSO R13 09
JOVAj FHAVrTS FTJKKMAN. President.
- EMIL E. PIKPKR. Pecretary: -
Fub«Tib»d rn<1 frnrn to before me thls : 26th*
day cf Janimrv. 1901. .
•'•;'. •' ¦ GEO. O. RUGER. Notary Public.
While scientists are puzzling their brains
to find out the cause, each individual can.
by a little precaution, avoid the chances
of contracting dreaded and dangerous
kidney trouble, or eradicate It completely
from their system if already afflicted.
Many precious lives might have been, and
many more can yet be saved, by paying
attention to the kidneys.
It is the mission of The Call to benefit
its readers at every opportunity and.
therefore, we advise all who have any
symptoms of kidney or bladder trouble to
write to-day to Dr. Kilmer & Co.. Bing-
hamton, N. T.. for a free sample bottl©
of Swamp-Root, the celebrated specific
which is having such a great demand
and remarkable success in the cure of the
most distressing kidney and bladder
troubles. With the sample bottle of
Swamp-Root will also be sent free a pam-
phlet and treatise of valuable informa-
tion.
To-day we see a, relative, a friend or an
acquaintance apparently well, and in a
few days we may be grieved to learn of
their serious Illness or sudden death,
caused by that fatal type of kidney trou-
ble— Brieht's disease.
Kidney trouble often becomes advanced
into acute stages before the afflicted ia
aware of its presence; that Is why we
read of so many sudden deaths of promi-
nent business and professional men, phy-
sicians and others. They have neglected
to stop the leak in time.
At no time in the history of disease ha*
there been such an alarming increase in
the number of cases of any particular
malady as in that of kidney and bladder
troubles now preying upon the people of
this country.
Increase in an Already Prevail-
ing Disease — Are Any
Exempt? v
Vital Statistics Show an Alarming
IS IT AN EPIDEMIC?
DR. KILMER'S SWAMP-ROOT.
if The other day we took some $12.50 and $15.00 11
|j cloths and put them in with our regular $10.00 made-to- 11
II measure suits. ||
¦ . . " Even our $10.00 suits are unusual values. . |
I You may question why we are bent upon giving ||
I such values — -actually reducing a good $12.50 line 11.
I of goods to $10.00. ji
I First, they are summer goods— in weight and pat- I]
1 tern — and we want to sell them now. • ||
J Second; we want to liven things up in our made-tcs (I
I order department, so simply put the goods in as a sort of «l
5 But see the goods— rour reasons for reducing them I
I will- be: immaterial to you. |
I We gladly furnish samples to interested people. |
I Suits for out-of-town customers satisfactorily made through \
J our se/f-measurinj, system-^- write for simples. I
718 Market Street and S I
Cop. Powell and Eddy Streets..' |GLASGOW, June 25.— The • Shamrock II
was taken out '.of dock > to-day. : and towed,
to her .• anchoxage.* ; There she will have
her sails bent. ' The cup challenger.win be
ready.' for. a trial spin next Saturday.? - :
Shamrock II Again in Trim.
I BOSTON, i June- 25.— Billy ' Gardner of
Lowell, the • New England ' featherweight
champion; 1 has* been matched to meet Kid
Broad 'July - 12, at -Tom I O'Rourke's new
club'in Brldgeport,.Conn.:. The winner of
the; match Is n expected to -be in: line : to
meet Terry McGovern. :"*•'..• *-
Winner , to Meet McOovern.
DEL MONTE, June 25.— Preparations
for the sixth . annual meet ; of the : Pacific
Coast Polo and Pony Racing "Association
at: this place in August are; already on
foot, and it is the intention of < the hotel
management to make . the ; year's - sports
the most •* successful; ever : held at v Del
Monte. ' The ' meeting will- last one'week,
beginning with -the annual, golf' tourna
ment on .Monday, \ August 19,'- and -closing
with the pony- racing- and steeplechaaing
on Saturday, August. 24. ;: Already work
men are ; busy at the racetrack : and ' polo
grounds,' and- many improvements will-be
made. ¦ ' / -•'¦.•...
Polo and Golf Tournament.
American Defeats the Britisher.
NEWCASTLE, June 25.— In a twenty
round contest .to-night for £800 and the
heavy-weight championship between John
O'Brien 6f Philadelphia and Harry New
m«yer of London , the American defeated
the Englishman after a 'stubborn and
hard-fought , battle. In .the sixth round
O'Brien adopted his usual aggressive tac
tics and Newmeyer, although he displayed
great pluck, gradually weakened before
O'Brien'a- superior Btrength and hitting
powers. ' ¦ : , . .• • ; v -, r
At the Eighth ~ J and Harrison - street
baseball grounds this afternoon at 2
o'clock there will tea" diamond scraping
that will mar the peaceful south-of-the
slot. atmosphere ' for miles ; around. - Th«
coursing devotees who make- the Union
Coursing Park their ¦ camping • ground on
Saturday and- Sunday of each week will
meet in baseball battle. The nines will be
composed of employes In any form. Judge
Grace will be among those present and
he will attempt to pick the winner, be
fore the course is run. The coursing men
have made elaborate preparations for the
game, which promises a successful issue
as far as badinage is 'concerned..-,. -'
Baseball for Coursing Men.
"Mike" Welsh in Trouble.
Patrick Consldlne, 614 Second street,
Oakland, swore to a complaint in Judge
Conlan's, court yesterday for the arrest of
Michael' Welsh on a charge of felony em
bezzlement. Oonsidine alleges that on
July 20 last year, when Welsh was em
ployed In a ticket scalper's office on Mar
ket street, he gave him $15'J. to purchase
for him two return tickets,. as he and one
of his relatives, were going East. Welsh
did not purchase the tickets and since
then Considlne says he Wts only returned
to him $74. •; . . • "
Croker's Horse the 'Winner.
LONDON, June 25.— Richard Croker's
black filly Sweet Dixie (J. Relff) won the
Gatwlck selling handicap of £500 to-day
at the Gatwick summer meeting.
Archduke II.-' (L. Reiff) won the Purly
plate.
Morning Dew (Martin) won the Mator
welter plate. Richard Croker's Americus
<L*. Reiff) was second and Slmonswood
finished third.
Tennis Results in England.
LONDON. June 25.— The All-English
lawn tennis championships, which began
at Wimbledon yesterday, are proving fine
exhibitions. The greatest interest Is
manifested In the doubles In which. D.
Darts and H. Ward, Americans, are com
netltors. In the second round of the sln
{'lea to-day S. H. Smith defeated W. V.
leaves.
Breaks Record in Motor Race.
SALT LAKE, Utah, June 25.— In a spe
cial ten-mile nffctor race on the Salt Pal
ace Saucer track to-night between Vaughn
of Lob Angeles and Chapman of Atlanta
and the Turvllle broth«rs of Philadelphia
the world's record was. broken, the race
being- won by. Vaughn and Chapman in.
27:15.
-STOCKTON, .June 25.— Rufe . Turner
came back from the East and demon
strated to a;large crowd to-night that he
has greatly improved by knocking out
Jack Kane in the sixth round of a 20
round mill. At no time was there any
doubt about the outcome, as the colored
boy was driving his man from start to
finish and beat him down entirely with his
left. . ¦¦ • ¦ - . '.-¦ • : ' ¦
* George Curran 'knocked out Mike Sulli
van with a chance blow -in the second
round, as the latter had all the better of
the fight.
Kelly, won from "Dutch" Frbbel In
three rounds. . .\
in the Sixth Round.
Colored Boy Knocks Out Jack Kane
TURNER EASILY VICTORIOUS.
Earned runs — Harvard, 1. * Two base hits-
Reid, Guernsey. Base on balls — Off Clarkson, 4;
©ff-Robertson, 2. . Struck out— By Clarkson, 11;
by Robertson, 6. Umpire— Snyder."
NEW HAVEN, Conn., June 25.— In Uie
presence of 6000 spectators Harvard ad
ministered a shut-out to Yale on the dia
mond this afternoon. The Yale ball Held
was crowded as it has not been for years.
For an -hour - before .the game the re
union classes '90, • '91, '95 and "98, all
headed by bands, danced around , the dia
mond and the outfield, making the air re
sound with their yells. Pitcher Clarkson
was invincible, and the Harvard team
gave him fautless support in the field;
He permiit.J , but. one hit and struck out
eleven men. Captain Robertson, too',
pitched a cool,, steady game, but Yale
simply could not-hit the ball. Score: 1 ; .
, R. H. E.'
Harvard 1 0 0 0 2 0 0 0 0-3 60
Yale ..:........ 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0—0 1.4
Batteries— Clarkson and Reid; Robertson and
Hirsch. . ¦
Crimson Waves Over the Blue.
Complaint of Sergeants and Officers
Is Recognized — Greenan Dis
. missed..
The Board of Police Commissioners at
a meeting last night instructed the Chief
of Police not to enforce ' the new nine
hour system recommended by them last
week. This action was taken out of de
ference to the wish of the members of
the department, who decided that the
nine-hour scheme would work a hardship
upon them.
Officer Frank Greenan, charged with
not resrjonding to an alarm of fire at
Fourth and Berry streets, was dismissed
from the force. Greenan had appeared
before the commission on seven previous
occasions and had been convicted five
times. .
Officer J. S. Marston: applied to the
board for a pension, giving fits at hia dis
ability. The department physicians were
unable to verify this and recommended
that the prospective pensioner remain in
ahosoital for two weeks for observation.
The Chief will oblige Marston to do thi9
and if he is unable to prove his "assertion
within that time he .will have to do active
duty. T' v .
POLICE COMMISSIONERS
RESCIND NINE-HOUR LAW
Chicago 5 Id 1
Philadelphia 0 4 2
. Batteries— Griffith and- Sullivan; Platt and
. ' ....'.
¦ BALTIMORE. June 25. — Baltimore . took • the
fourth _ consecutive game from Detroit to-day. >
It was a close and lntere§ting contest. Both
Nope and Scrievers. pitched go6d ball, but the
former received better support. Attendance.
1914. Score:. ...
; Clubs— ' R. H. . E.
Baltimore 4 10 * 2
Detroit. ; .......2 9.4
Batteries — Nops and Robinson; Scrievers and
Buelow. . _ .... . . . - - ...
¦ WASHINGTON. j un e 25.— Two slnglea - and
Coughlln's double. In the sixth inning: drove in
two runs and gave Washington the game. Car
rick and Hawley were both effective. Attend
ance, 1438. Score:
Clubs— . R. ' H. • E.'
Washington 3 9 2
Milwaukee ......;..... .^.. .. 1 7 6
Batteries— Carrick and ¦ Clark; Hawley and
Mnloney. •
BOSTON. June 25.— Boston won an exciting
¦and' well-played game from Cleveland to-day.
Attendance, 3265. Score: .
Clubs— R. . h. E.
Boston ..: .". ;. 4 13 '2
Cleveland ;.... 2 _ % ¦ %
Batteries— Young and Schreck; Dowilng and
Wood. • • • v- • •- .- ¦,- .-¦.-..¦
NATIONAL LEAGUE. '
BOSTON, June 25.— Nine men went to bat
for Boston In the third inning and five of them
crossed the plate as 'the "result 6f four hits)
two bases on balls and two errors,, thus clinch
ing the game for the locals. Attendance, 1200.
Score: -,.- ¦.--•.¦ , .' - • .- . ..-. ¦
Clubs— . R. -H. E.
Boston 9, 13 / - 3
Plttsburg .......U" ,8 3
Batteries— Willis and Kittredge; and
Zlmmer. Umpire-^Dwyer. • . •
. BROOKLYN, June 25.— Kennedy had Chicago
shut out to-day up, to the fifth Inning, when a
drive from McCormlck' s bat ripped open his
hand and he was forced to retire, Kitson tak
ing his place.. Attendance, 1400. Score:
' - Clubs— |j R. H. . E.
Chicago 2 ' 9 l
Brooklyn ....; 5 .9 3
¦ Batteries— Hughes -nnd Kllng; Kennedy, Kit
eon and McGulre. Umpire— O' Day. . .,, <
CINCINNATI, June 25.— Cincinnati received
another shut-out- to-day. j Tho game was a
pitchers' . battle. Orth having a slight ad
vantage. ¦ In addition he was well r supported.
Attendance, 1*95. . Score:. ¦ •-.
-.¦Clubs— ''Vr.:-.H." E.-
Cincinnati ...' :.:'.. '..-.<> iV; 4 •>*
Philadelphia 1 '............ .....8- -:i 6 o
Batteries— Newton . and ' Bergen; Orth and
McFarland. ..Umpire— Cunningham.
NEW ; YORK, : June 25.— St. * Louis 'won' to
day, by *a" batting: rally "in- the ninth \ inning-,'
after the New Yorks had' ' taken the .lead.
Tay.'or relieved Phylle, and the .visitors fell on
the New .York pitcher for six runs; Attendance,
3900. Score: . .
i.'Clubs— '-¦'..¦• R. H. •¦¦'.* EL
New York ..;'..!.. S 12 ~T
St. -Louis'-'.'..-,'.: ................. ...12 \ 'c-14 • 4
• '¦'¦ Batteries— Phylle; Taylor and • Bowerman;
Harper, Powell : and Nichols. Umpire— Emslle.
PHILADELPHIA. June 25.— Philadelphia was
absolutely helpless before Griffith's pitching
to-day and was Bhut out. Griffith was also a
big factor with the stick and practically won
his own game. Attendance, 1420. Score:
¦ Clubs— « ¦ . R. ¦' H. E.
GAMES OF TUESDAY
ON EASTERN DIAMONDS
Results of the- Contests Between
-Nines of the American and
National Leagues.
AMERICAN LEAGUE. ',.
Robert Waddell again showed what a
high class horse he is. For yesterday he
picked up 113 pounds and beat such sprint
ers- as Yellow Tail, Theory and others at
three quarters oft^a mile.
Frank Bell finished first in a six fur
long race at St. Louis yesterday. -He was
as good as 3 to 1 in the betting and won
cleverly in 1:13. . . . •'. .. ' ! :,
i Long Shot Conley *\>de a couple of races
at Chicago yesterday.
From a reliable source comes the infor
mation that the Montana racing officials
have wired down for the services of Ed
win F. Smith to act as associated judge
at their meeting, which commences Sat
urday. ' . .•"•
In six races decided at the Fair grounds
at St Louie yesterday not a favorite won.
The winning riders at Washington Park
yesterday were Davidson, T. Knight,
Gormley, J. Woods, Coburn and Bullman.
The last three are all .California produc
tions. ¦
Winnie O'Connor won two races yester
day, at Sheepshead. He won the Pansey
stake on Cameron and another: with
Lucky Star. The latter Is a California
horse and was bred at Mrs. Langtrv's
farm in Lake County. He was sired by
Friar Tuck. .
dent yesterday; in the fifth race.' at
Sheepshead Bay. He was astride of
Margraviate and the three-year-old fell.
Shaw is at present one of the most popu
lar jockeys riding around the New York
tracks. One day last week he won four
races, -and the day following three more.
Jockey Shaw, \ Pittsburgh • Phil's . crack
lightweight, met with a very serious acci-
In the other events ' will be found the
names of Yellow Tall, Vesuvian,- The
Lady, Gold d'Or, The Phoenician, Havi
land and Theory, all well-known to Cali
fornia race-goers. Yellow Tail is in a six
furlong sprint and will meet Robert Wad
dell (American derby winner); Gold d'Or,
Theory and others.. ¦ , . ¦
The Lakeside stake for two-year-olds,
valued in the neighborhood of $5000, is on
the card at Washington Park to-day.
Among tho California horses entered are
Flora Pomona, Sister Jeanieand Doreen.
Endurance- by > Right, J.' W. ¦ Schorr's
crack colt, Is also scheduled. to start. r
The racing season { in Montana opens
next Saturday at,Butte. and a great
many Callfornians are there.. . • -
Wax Taper, a California . production,
won a mile race at Sheepshead on the
opening day' in 1:39 2-5. He carried 117
pounds.
Charles W. Meyer, Schorr's crack colt/
has evidently lost his form of several
weeks ago. In a 'recent start be finished
last in a field of four. > ...
W. C. Whitney's recent purchase, Nas
turtium, is certainly a wonderful two
year-old. He toyed with his field in the
double event stakes at five and one-half
furlongs about ten days ago, and won by
six lengths in the fast time of 1:04 1-5.
Nasturtium is by Watercress-Margerlque,
and was raised by J. B. Haggln at Rancho
del Paso.' • ' . . ..
. It 'certainly would not be exaggerating
to say that he is the greatest, sprinter
America has ever seen, for In his two
essays this year he simply walked In, and
on each occasion carried the same weight,
viz. 133 pounds. Voter ia the property of
the J. R. and F. P. Keene, and is seven
vears old. He Is a son of Friar's Balsam-
Mavourneen. In both starts he was rid
den by Henry Spencer.
Charlie Ellison, the manager of Tommy
Burns for reveral seasons and well-known
to California race-goers as the owner of
Astor, Bard of Avon and other horses that
won brackets during the recent meeting
here, was one of the heaviest winners by
the victory of "Virginia" Bradley's Rob
ert Waddell in the American Derby. It is
conservatively stated that his winnings
amount in the neighborhood to $20,000. It
was only a short time ago that Eastern
dispatches credited Ellison with offering
?12,000 for the son of Aloha.
Another well-known race-track man.
who profited by Waddell' s victory was
John Coleman of the Stuyvesant Club,
who won about $3000.
Advance Guard, the old stand-by and
a great favorite with Callfornians, started
in l the third race at Washington Park
Monday-. The distance was one and a tenth
miles and he carried 122 pounds. He
was an odds-on ¦ favorite, being : 4 .'to
5, and was ridden by a California
Jockey, J. Woods. The best he could do
was third tO'Monarka, ridden by J.
Ransch, Burns & Waterhouse's clever
lightweight. •• . ,
Gonfalon was also a starter at the Chi
cago track. He was ridden by Coburn,
and won quite handily. He was 3 to
1 in the betting:.' . • : : --
"He simply played with the bunch, and
led by four lengths, and won, pulling up
by two lengths, in the wonderful time of
1:12 2-5."
Local turfites can appreciate what a
grand -specimen- of horseflesh Voter, is,
after Brigadier's- mile of 1:37 4-5 last Sat
urday, for the Tuesday before the son of
Friar's Balsam picked up the heavy Im
post of 133 pounds to Brigadier's 109 and
an Eastern exchange in its account of the
race, said:
"Voter far outclassed the field and was
never extended. , * .
VOTER IS THE GREATEST -
SPRINTER IN AMERICA
Charles Ellison Hakes a Killing on
Bobert Waddell, Winner of
tie Derby.
side of the bowl and the ladle are lined
with gold. . ,
When completed the set will be in
closed in an oak case with brass mount-
Ings. The silver tray will sit in the lid
of the. case and' the bowl and ladle will
rest in the box.
Shrevo & Co.'s silversmiths are busily
engaged on the prize and when It is com
pleted It -will be exhibited with other
prizes in the windows of the well-known
jewelry house.
BEAUTIFUL TROPHY TO BE COM
PETED FOR BY NOTED MARKS
MEN NEXT MONTH. . .
It being a year ago Innt night vlnee the
board of governors of the Automobile
Club of, California camo Into office, a
general meeting of the member* wag
held Jn tho elubroom in the Parrett
building. The following were elected 'by
acclRmatton: President, i". A. Hyde; vle@>
president, •'»'• KninU J. Tillman; tecre*
tary) n. R. I'Hommedleu: treasurer, By
ron J&ekson: directors. C. O. Moore, A.
19. Brooke Ridley, 8. D. Roger*. W. H.
Taylor, A. M. Hunt and Miles T. Baird.
Attention was drawn to the fact that
tho City Council of San Jose and the
Trustees of San Loandro have passed ord
inances restricting tho speed of automl
biles within the limits of their jurisdic
tion. An invitation to the Automobile
Club to take part in the Fourth of July
celebration was received from the com
mittee of citizens of Oakland, but no de
cisive action was taken on it. A vote of
thanks was passed to C. C. Moore, P. F.
Rockett, R. R. l'Hommedleu and Dr.
Frank J. Tlllmnn for their services to
the club.' C. C. Moore outlined the policy
of the new board,, and S. D. Rogers was
appointed a committee of one to confer
with the president of the California
Northwestern Railway with regard to tha
transportation of automobiles on the Tib
uron ferry-boats.
fornia Outline Their Policy for
Coming Ycnr.
CHAUFFEURS ELECT NEW
BOARP 0F_ GOVERNORS
Official* of Automobile Olub of CnlU
l-n.wnn. June IS.-Itemlta at Overlan.l
fork:
Piiflnr— Plenty won pwonfl, fifth und Plxth
heat* and rait, Time, s U'«, S;S1. 1:31. Fler
etu Dell* took third and fourth lu-nu tn 9;S0i«,
1.14. Queen U took flrvt heat, but waa dU
tant-frt in the iwpend. Time. 8it»U. Ara«ftfan
urn. DelnhU. Gold (Standard, Ula*t and Nor
velttt* aloo Ptntini.
rt.ritie-i.ulu M won In three fctraieht heat*.
Tim*. M7**. I:UU. !:17U. Rlley C. Urba tuM
«'M al «l»n #lnrlr.J.
Half mil"— Huiir.t jehn won, Jee D t@cc>nil,
Joe Bufth third. Time. :4$V|.
<">n» mil*— ttulpartan ,won, Kcnova. wcond.
Vlrpte d'Or third. Time. 1:454.
Four and a half ruHongp— Apache won,
Btclla l>rkiriB second, Uoger Q third. Time,
:ST»i.
Five and a half furlonps— Jereey Maid xvon,
Lucy White second, Julia Gyp third. Time,
1:08 w.
NEW TORK. June 25.— Results at Eheeps
head Bay: t
Five furlongs — Peninsular won. Computer
second. Varrnnt third. Time. 1:00 3-5.
One mile — Outlander won. Ten Candles eec
ond. MirtaJlo third. Time. 1:39 3-5.
The Pansy, plx furlongs, selling— Cameron
won, Laodice second. Lady Holyrood third.
Time, 1:144.
Thf Tidal, one mile — Water Color won. Smile
cecond, "Military third. Time. 1:38 4-5.
One rr.ile and an eighth— Carbuncle won. All
Gold second, Latson third. Time, 1:53 2-5.
Wax Taper finished second but was disquali
fied lor fouline.
One mile and a sixteenth, selling: — Lucky
Star won, Eloim second, Marothen third. Time,
1:43.
• -ST. LOUIS, June 25.— Fair Grounds sum
ma ry:
Four and a half furlongs, purse — Rosy Cross
wen, Jungfraud second, Okia third. Time,
:Efii.
Five furlongs, selling— Lacrimae won. Mag
gie Clopton second. Potheen, third. Time.
1.-02.
One mile, selling — Menace won. John Bull
second. Seething third. Time, 1:42%.
Six furlongs, purse— Frank Bell won. Vide
Vance second. Northern Spy third. Time,
1:13.
One and one-eighth miles, selling — Domlnis
won. Judge Steadman Becond, Terra Incognita
third. Time, 1:55^.
Bix furlongs, selllns — Ed L won, Randazzo
pecond. Hindoonet third. Time, 1:14%.
CINCINNATI. June 23. — Newport summary:
Six furlongs, celling— Remark won, Pyramis
second, Mr. Brookwood third. Time, 1:14%.-
Five and a half furlongs— Cousine won,
Martha second. Dr, Worth third. Time. 1:CS%.
One and a sixteenth miles. " selling— Pretty
Rosie won, Fucino Becond, Meggs third. Time.
1:49.
Seven furlongs— Jim Clark won. John McEl
ro- second, Toluca third. Time. 1:27%.
Seven furlongs, selling — Caloocan won. King
E kwood second; Teucer third. Time. 1:28%.
Six furlongs, selling— Maggie Felix won, Cey
lon second, Ethel Davis third. Time, 1:14.
CHICAGO, June 25.— Washington Park sum
mary:
One mile and seventy yards — Pirate's Queen
won, Excelsis second. Fantasy third. Time.
1:44 4-5.
Five furlongs— Allan-a-Dale won, Herodad
second, Harry Beck third. Time, 1:00 1-5.
Lakeside Stakes, five furlongs for two-year
old fillies, J2000 added — Endurance By Right
won. Sweet Billie second. Sister Jeanle third.
Time, 1:00.
One mile, purse, $1400— The Lady won. Eva
Rice second. Vesuvian third. Time, 1:39%.
Fix furlongs— Robert Waddell won. Yellow
tail second. Gold d'Or third. Time. 1:14.
One mile and seventy yards, purse— Creston
won, Enghurst second, Maryland Reserve
third. Time, 1:45 1-5. . . .-
DETROIT. June 25.— Highland Park sum
mary:
Maiden two-year-olds, one mile — Satchel won,
LlUie Hamerton second, Mr. Smooth third.
Time. 1:47.
Two-year-olds, five furlongs— Halmetta won,
Lady Handy second, Tom Crabb third. Time,
1:O4H-
Three-year-olds and upward, mile and a six
teenth—Ben Mac' d'Hui won," Callear second,
Tallala third. Time. 1:49%.
Handicap, three-year-olds and upward, alx
furlongs — Scorpion won, Fone<Ia second. Lady
Berkeley third. Time. l:15Vt
£ix furlong* — Filibuster won. Exit second, Tne
Corinthian third. Time, 1:17*4.
Selling, mile— Topgallant won, Randy second
Rose Bird third. Time, 1:46%.
the Big Mountains.
Pur»e- Winner* in the Races East of
RESULTS ON EASTERN TRACKS.
Jeffries is a . much observed figure at
Catalina. In the shooting gallery, on the
beach, around the hotel, at the billiard
table, Hshing or swimming, he is always
watched by the curious visitor with all
the interest that attaches to the pugilis
tic peer. To those that have seen Jim
Jeffries in hjs early ring career he now
appears a different sort qf man — physical
ly speaking. He has grown so broad and
fleshy that he no longer gives the impres
sion of a tall, muscular : giant. HIa
shoulders, chest, arms and legs seem
bulkier, and there is a strong trace of
fat about him. His face shows lateral
extension and a puffing that was not no
ticeable a few years ago. The long rest
and the easy life have left their marks.
Jeffries and his manager, Joe Eagran.
who is with him. look for a fight in this
city some time in September. They de
clare that it matters not who his vis-a-vis
will be as long as it is another heavy
weight capable of drawing the crowd.
Jeffries seems anxious to meet somebody
and with this Idea in mind he has begun
light training at Catalina. Not many days
ago he tramped the hills for several
hours and brought back as a trophy sev
eral heads of wild goats. He Was not
quite bo successful in his fishing ven
tures. On Saturday last Jeffries started
with the rising sun and mafle a wild chase
for tuna. He fished the deep sea hour
after hour, and just before nightfall he
hooked to something of the finny tribe
that was thought to be a whale. Jeffries
fought the monster for an hour or more,
but did not kill the Pea demon. As facts
developed the monster proved to be a
small shark. Jeffries thought he had a
tuna. ,
The champion will remain at Catalina
for another week and will then leave for
San Francisco with his manager. Then
will come th© battle of the prize fight
Hub* for this big fish to be run In harness
with another. Fltzsimmons or Ruhlin or
one of the> many younger aspirants for
championship decorations.
Jim Jeffries, pugilist and actor— like all
the champions— Is putting in a couple of
weeks at Catalina Island, where he is
making the best of all the outdoor facili
ties for exercise that place affords. And
this heavy-weight champion needs it. The
open life in boat on the sea and with the
gun In the canyons of the Catalina hills Is
medicine to him.' Not that Jeffries Is a
sick man, but he has taken on much cum
brous adipose, and to slough this extra
weight the present holder of the world's
first pugilistic laurels will be forced to go
through more than the ordinary training
pt^scrtbed for an ordinary fight.
Rowing, Pishing and Hunting
is His Daily Occu
pation.
Jeffiies Takes to Light
Exercise as (ay
O UctX Insl .
CHAMPION JIM
BEGINS WORK
2:20. class— Joe Culcello's Porto Rico. A.
Jacobs' Edna Vale, James O'Kane's San
dow; J. Curley's Prince C, Neal Prender
gast's Bolliver, C. Schwartz's L4ttle Jeff.
2:30 class— Dr. I, B. Dalziel's Menlo B,
G. E. Park's Imp, II. F. Patrick's Denny
Healy. J. M. Eva's Ethel H, Jerry Do
ran's Tirado and George L. Swett's Steve
8.
Green class— M. M, Donnelly's Pious, J,
W. Bonny's Jo« Bonny, H. B, Slncum's
Tcimpeat, Dr. Dalalel's Belle, Dr. I^alnor's
lieutenant JIob»on and John W. McDon
ald Jr.'a Campaigner,
2:40 class — F. Gomez's L»afayette, B.
Croner's Bonny C, Dt. A. A. McLaugh
lln's A. B. P. and D. Lelginger's Lady
Rowena.
The executive committee is composed of
H. B. Slocum, E. Stewart, Ia. Richardson,
James O'Kane and F. W. Thompson. The
classification committee was composed of
J. Cuicello, E. R. Mizner, H. B. Slocum,
Ij. Richardson, J. C. Ohlandt and M. M.
Donnelly; ...
Following is a complete list of the en
tries:
Judges— F. W: Thompson. Frank G.
O'Kane and J. C. Ohlandt: starter. T. J.
Crowley; assistant starter. Jack Dinue;
marshal, Dr. I. B. Dalzlel; racing secre
tary, H. F. Patrick; timers— Fred Vetter,
James G. Chesley and L. E. Clawson.
'There will be no cup races and 'the match
race between teams owned by Ed Algel-r
tinger, Charles Newman and, H.- H. Ja4
ciibs was declared off. One of Mr. New
man's horses is suft*ering~from an -injury
and Mr.. Jacobs declared, he would not
compete.? There will be .a special match
race. between H. H. Dunlap's King 'Ja
denza and La Richardson's Edna R and
a race between George Gray's ; Irwin and
H. J\V. Meek's . Crecre. The purse in this
race, will be $75. , In .all other events the
purses will be $150 each. The races will
be decided: by the best two out of • thre^
heats.. vThe races will start at. 1:30 p. m.
The fdllpwlng officials will be in charge: \
All the entries for the trotting races to
be given at the Oakland racetrack on the
afternoon of . July 4 by the Golden Gats
Park Driving Association were received
last nlferht by the committee. The horses
were then classified: , There was a large
attendance at the meeting in the Palace
Hotel and the air was full of ho'rse talk.
It was reported that the track was In ex
cellent condition and'that all preparations
for the meeting were completed. Tho blda
for the betting privileges, will-be opened
to-night by the board of directors. ; ' • !
Fine Programme of Races to
Be Decided on
Entries for the Trotting
Meeting. Are All
Classified.
SPEEDY HORSES
WILL COMPETE
NOTED MARKSMEN WILL COMPETE
FOR A BEAUTIFUL SILVERS BOWL
The CaD Presents the -'John D* Spreckels Trophy^ to the National
Shooting Bund for Its Forthcoming Tournament*
THE SAN FRANCISCO^ CALL, JUNE 26, 1901.
THE Call's contribution to the
many prizes already- received by
the National Shooting Bund will
shortly be on exhibition in the
windows of Shreve & Co.'s Jewelry
store in. the Crocker building. It Is a
trophy worthy -to -rank , with the other
handsome gifts made by shooting socie
ties,, firms, corporations and individuals.
It will be eagerly contested for by the
marksmen and the winner will receive a
prize that will be i highly appreciated.
The Call's prize consists of thre<5 pieces of
silver that represent the highest art of
the silversmith, a silver tray, a punch
bowl and a ladle. The tray is twenty-one
inches in diameter and around its edge in
bold relief is a grape and vine border.
In the center is a detailed engraving of
the Call building and beneath this the
inscription "The John D. Spreckels
Trophy." ¦
The silver punchbowl is seventeen
Inches j,n diameter. It Is ornamented at
top an<f base in heavy embossed grape
and vine decoration. On the side of the
bowl In strong relief is the California
poppy, which encircles the seal of the Na
tional Shooting Bund. . - ¦"
The sliver punch ladle which accompa
nies the bowl is also in harmony, with
the other pieces. The handle is beauti
fully decorated with a cluster of grapes, }
which stands out in relief. Both the in-
4
Cheap Rates
East > ia
Santa Fe
The places, the rates for
the round trip and tha
dates of sale are below.
The other details can b*
had of the Santa Fe agents.
BUFFALO, S87.00
July 3, 4; Aug. 22 V 23;
Sept. 5, 6.
CHICAGO, $72.50
July 20, 21.
CINCINNATI, S76.5C
, June 30 and July 1.
¦ CLEVELAND, $82.50 '
- -¦¦ ; Sept. 5 and 6.
COLORADO SPRINGS>$55
. July 8 and 0.
DETROIT, $82.25
July 1 and 2.
LOUISVILLE, $77.50.
Aug. 20 and 21.
'MILWAUKEE, $74.50
July 17 and 18.
The best service and the
pleasantest way Is fui-
nished by the
£4! MARKET ST.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC.
Trulna lrn»« »¦••! «%r» rtu»» »» nrrlf* •»•
MAN H!4S«'IMO.
• (Mafp I Inf. Foot of Market Street)
lkatc — Friim Juki IS, 1301. — ahkiv*
7iOO\ Bunieia, .Sui»uu, Hlmlr*. VacaiUlo,
Kuniiey uiU naorAutento «*¦»!»
?l3O* Mirtiue/.?iu Itiviiiim. V»il«ji>. Napa,
Cnliiili'Kik ami Hunt* Um.i... ' «»i'J3f
S:Oi»a DavU. U'ikkIIauO, KalgQU Laudinir. .
Muy.fille, «»rii»i:in , 7<a*P
HiO»» .Mian tin K.«pr««(— Og.leii *oii Ka*l favSr
Hi««U Mix*, lAthr.p, Stiwlmm ........... TiJtt
»iOO>Ni'td. ilmtdota. JUnfuiil. VU»1U,
l\>ttrr»ilU,,. .,.., »i.i.-»r-
¦iSUa Bhuu IWur^M-lUti*. WtUUmiUiw
Hwrtlsii flprlun), WWowb, Koit
Bluff. Panlaml. 7«aap
«it»«» Hun Jim*, l.livrmaia, miiuiIiIiim,
lima, H* l 'r»,.iBiitu, l'l»i«f tllla,
M.«f»«»ill«, I'liiou. K«'l lll.ilf.,..,. t>**»
• iUii* (UkiUiK. Cma«M (Yottuiit*), H»>
nor»,C*T«er»,.,. .................. -liflSr
»"">» VklUJo... "... ImlSr
HHio* t.,m Anselsa Kxk>r*«a - Mantita*.
Tivey, i,»iii»,«i», NXMkinu, Mer«t>4
l r ti»mi *im| I.i» AiiiHf* ...... ...i 9iV3p
Hi:t<»» V,(||,|m, AUf »ltm* *ml WufHuklmt* tt**v
IttlttWA I'd.. otcrUitil l,\«' twd-Ogdau, h«u.
• rr. Ilinatl*. I'llii-aii'l rt.r».>r
Hioiin 'ii.in, moil. i ItUvrMiu'tiiiBt* ,,,...,. t."»m»s
.iiaiip ii .v«» t ,i. N'i. . «.ni w*f Nutitm*,. Tiaap
iMMIr It'-iiii'lii, Wltitrr.. M«or»m«iilit,
Womlmtid, KutNltU l.«Milhn.
Miio-phIIIp. Uni.llU lU.a.1*
lump MmtliiM, H»n ICtinmt, V»ll»|0, ,
N'mi», Crtlutnu*, mhhu lti>«» nm.-* t
liiop Nile*, LWcrmont, HtockUn. T,o.H... la.a-Jp
• «;»«» i- ll»r\T4nl. MIm. M»n.l.,«n, MTtrmrtrn fHiA.»»
4iaur t*nrtCn« ». TWy, Lathmp, Stnckton U»ia"»%
3iM«pTlt« Owl Miuitod-rrraiio, Tulara.
lUkvnttehl. Ha.iuhh (or H»..t» U«r.
Writ, !.<)¦ Ai.«flfH.. RiSSt
OjnorMartliif*. Antiurh. Btockton. Mer*
oed, Fresno. I»i2!»p
3i»»pYowmlt» l*»*3r
5>3Dp New Orleans F.tprfM— Memlnt%.
Fresno, Bakgnflald. Los Angelea.
i D.ming, El fuo, New Orie*n»
and East , ?|S3»
HiOOp IliytT.nl, NileA nml Nan Jose 7;.Vi«
IOiOOp Valleji* ll«».1»
«iO«r Oriental Mail -Ogilon. Chejenaa,
Umaha, Chicngo 12:33|>
«:OOp Oriental Jlalt-Ojgdod, Denrer,
8t Louis, Chicago. •lia.ip
7:OOr OreK<>i>aml CatifurnU Kxl.rMia.Mao-
nu.iHiit,.. Miiry.iiille. ICeilrilnic.
I'orMnn.l. l>ng«t Mum..! ami Kaak S:35*
SHUpSin Pablo, Port (.Viata, Murtlnes
••¦•1 *V»j .Stations ll.*»*
t»;05i- Vall^jn ?»S5p
COAST LINE: (Harrow <J» NK «).
( Fuok ol M;.rk.-t 3Uwt)
{7:43% Santa Ctnz Excur.vou to .Santa C'nis
and Erinc'pal Way Suti.ins... .... i*' 05 ?
Stl3« Ne-Tark.t;.'iii.cr»illi-,.s*ii.l )1 RB, Ki-Itim.
Uonldur C'ri-ek.Saut a Cruz ami W ay
Mt:iti.».m , .-. »!.1»r
fatlSp Newark, CeuterTillo, San Jnae, New
Alnimlnu. Krltmi. lioutdar (.'reck,
SaiiU (/'ma aud l'riooipal Wai
¦ Stations !«».•»«•»
•iil.ir Newark. San Jone. I,os Katon i*»^«»
0 itiap Gleawood.Bonlder Creek. S»nt%Cru» « W;.-KM
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
From SIS FRiSCISCO— Foot of Market Street (Slip 3)—
17:15 9:0U 11:00a. u. 1:33 3:03 S:19r.M.
rramOtlUKD— Fo»l .t Br««4w»j.— trt ; uo td.00 tS:03
10:00a.m. 12:03 2:03 1:33 P.M.
COAST L.IXE (Brawl Una**).
.-,.-. (Third .iinllovviiseii.lSU.)
«:I«A San Jc»e mil Way Mtjtjoua....^.... «:.;•» f
17:B»A Sail .loaeH.nl Way HUli:niH l::in-
/7i««a Neir Ahumleii .... / 4:|«p
J7::t(» A Sunday Excursion for San Jrr«,
Hantj Crun. P^citic Grore and —
x-* Trlnclpal Way Stations t&.lOp
ASiO»A N»ii .I.w«. Tres I'll, on. Miuitn «!ri«t. :
• , ¦ ¦ r*cli»« tirure. ealinis. Han Luii
- ; ' GVspo. Santa Birbara ami Piin-
cinal intermertUta .statlnim. ....... ?;3<>p
lOiSOA. San Jcscand Way Stailin., -tslttp
1 I::iiia M»u .Inae ami \V»y .HUtlmiii .liUop
tBi l-*.p San Matn>, lUnlnoml, Menlo Park.
.r-.'i-s ••• Falo Alto. SanU Clara. Hwu .Imw.
Tres l'inoa. >SanU (,'nix, Salluua,
Monterey Kit<r I'aeiilc (irora...... f I < » = • ,"»^
:t>:t»r .SaiLloRHami Way SUtlmis 6::il»*
t-4tl3pSanJoseaiMt Principal Way Stakimis Mil .
t5:««»r.-3iiii Jo«n I.OB Gatos ami Principal
Way stations )»:OO»
»«a«pSa».Jf)»«aiiiirriiioin«J Way Stations 8:36.1
8i»op Redwoa Nan Jo««. Cilmjr 8all3«3.
Sai.ta 15;r v .jri. I-o< Anp-l » 1O:O<M
6t»Op Del Monte. Mootsrej. Paanc ISroTe.
.... Loiopoo. H»;O«>a
» «:S»r Sail .Jnse ati.l Way Stations t»,u««»
Bll:45pSan Joaraml Way SUtiimx 7i.'tOy
A for Momtiif. - 1* for Afternoon,
t Hiiinlay excepted. i Sunday only,
rt Saturday only. - « Mondty. >»"«
c 8at»rfl«y »n t Snnday. _ /Tu»day^ and Trtdaya . -
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausallto Ferry.
Commencing April 23. 1901.
FROM BAS FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLE*"
AND. SAN KAFAEL. AX^- t "
WEEK DAYS— S:55. 3:30. »9:30. 11-nO a. m_
12:45. «l:45. 3:15. 4:15. 5:15. •SA3. «:45 p m.
EXTRA TRIPS-For-MlU Valley ind~San
Rafael on Mondays, Wednesdays, Saturday*
and Sundays at 9:30 and 11:40 p. • au ** lUTa *> : *
STJNDAYS— *:0O. 8:00. •9:00. 10:00. 11:00. rf-jn
«. m.. 12:43, 1:30. 2:30. '3:43. 5:00. «-W T^
p. m. 11:00 a. m. does not run to San Rafael
Sundays. "
Trains marked (•) run to San Quentln
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO
WEEK DATS-»5:25. 8:17. 7:47. 8^35. In Tj
a. m.. '12:23. 1:13. 2:20. «3:33. 4:40, 5:30 p rn.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesda"y 3
and Saturdays at S:45 and 10:0ft p S. * l)r3 .
SUNDAYS— 6:15. •3:00. 9:45. »11:00 aTm »12
m.. l:W. 2:13. »3:30. 4:30. •5:43. 8:43, M^
p. rn. -¦
Trains marked (•) start from San Qu»nti«
FROM MILL, VALLET TO SAN FRANCISCO
WEEK DAYS-5:45. «:45. 7:55? £55. io°i
a. m.. 13:35. 1:45. 2:45. 3:50/5:10. 5:20 o m
• EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, -Wednesday*
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:33 p " aae3aa y»
SUNDAYS— 6:35. 8:00. 10:05. 11:10 a m 1213.
1:20. I:3C. 3:45. 5:00. «:15. 7:13. 10:30 p. UM *
» TRAINS. : .
«:53 a. m. week days— Cazadero and way sta-
tions. . ¦
S:13 p. m. Saturdays— Cazadero and war sta-
tions. -. ;, • *
_5:15 p. m. week days (Saturdays excepted)—
TomalM and way stations. *»tcu/—
¦ 8 a. m. Sundays— Cazadero and way stations
10:00 a. ra. Sundays— Point Reyes aid way
stations. .
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
6129 KEAKSV SI. EsUbllshed
In 1S34 for the treatment of Private
Diseases. Lost Manhood, Debility or
(It5ieasfMvearin$on body and mind and
Skin Diseases. The Doctor cureswhen
others fail. Try him. ¦ Charges low.
t'nrr* snarnntrfd. . Call or wiU» ,
l>r. 4. JP. OIBJBOX. aau Francisco. Cal. _ f
ADVERTISEMENTS.
RAILWAY TBAVEL.
L]J In the Schlitz brew- \jQ
Qglj ery cleanliness is car- pSa
ried to extremes. We Kj£|j
do more than is neces- Wni
C|O sary to be certain of LjfJ
WfM doing enough. |^^
.The caldrons in
pPj which the beer is KHh
kts rewec^ are e p fc scm " i™
P^ pulously clean and |||S|
covered. • The air in bJo
which the beer is gjTR
L/Kj cooled is filtered. Clj
ppa The barrels in which K&s
||tfj it is stored are cleaned fp|j
ry^- with steam and soda, »;)/i
then glazed with rosin Cgd
on the inside, then
|gj|| cleaned again. The
pS£y bottles are cleaned
w\i with utmost precaution. Pn
l&m Still we filter the beer, j|||
|^ .then sterilize every jpj|l
PP3 bottle, for the slightest &jjj
sIm unc^anliness taints L^J
IgM the whole product. It p?9
EgM is in these ways that
B!i|i Schlitz beer has gained W\u
kM its reputation for pur- Qj
ity, and made Milwau-
'Phone Main 417. Sherwood .*: Sher- ifwl
Fiji wood,212MarketSt.,SanFrancisco gbV?j
0 I 1*1™ n HI! A I Comer Fourth and
1 ALL UIIVAI Market, s. F. Try
¦ _ II P f nil I 111 our Special Brew,
vall»ea checked free,
IA/. T. HeSS.
NOTART FUBLIO AND ATTORNEY.AT-LiW.
Tenth Floor. Tlnom 1013, CUu* BertekcU nuii,
TeUphona Srown Ul.
Reitdene«, tn Caltrnrnln it., below Powell.
Ban fruneUee.
RAILWAY TRAVEL.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RT. CO.
LB88EB
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
. RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlburon Ferry, Foot of Market Si
¦*'<-'-: Snn Francisco to San Rafnst.
WEEK DATS-7:3O. 9:00, 11:00 a. m.: 12:33.
8:30. 6:10. 6:30 p. rn. Thursdays -Extra trip
at 11:30 a m. Saturday »-Extra trips at 1;M
and 11:30 p. tn.
SUNDAYS— COO. 1:30, UiOO a. m. ! 1:39. 3:10.
6:00. «:20 p. ra.
6an Rafael to 6an Francisco.
WEEK DAYS— &10, 7:50, 9:20, 11:10 a. m.: H:M.
1:40, 6:13 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:5J
and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:10. »:i0. U:10 a. m. : 1:40. 1:40.
5:05. 6:25 p. m.
Leave I In Effect I . Arrive
San Francisco. I April 28. 1901.1 San Francisco.
Week I Sun- I I Sun- I Week
Pays. 1 days. | Destination. I days. I Days.
7:30 am 8:00 am Novato. 110:40 am 8:40 am
8:30 pm 9:30 am Petaluma. I 6:05 pm 10:25 am
6:10 pm 6:00 pm Santa Rosa. \ 7:35 pm t:20 pm
Fulton.
7:30 am Windsor. 10:23 am
6:00 pm Healdsburg. 10:40 am ;....
Lytton.
Geyservllle.
3:30 pm 8:00 am Cloverdale. 7:33 pm 6:20 pin
7:30 ami 5:00 pml Hopland 110:40. am|10:25 am
3:30 pml 8:00 ami and Uklah. I 7:35 pmr 6:20 pm
7:30 am) ' 10:40 am 10:25 am
I 8:00 am Guernevllle- 7:35 pm
8:30 pm| 5:00 pm 6:20 pm
7:30 am 8:00 am Sonoma 9:15 ami S:40 am
and 1
5:10 pm 5:00 pm Glen Ellen. 6:05 pml 6:20 pm
7:30 ami 8:00 amp |W:40 am|10:25 am
3:30 pmr 6:00 pm| SebaatopoL I 7:35 pml 6:20 pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs and White Sulphur Springs: at Fulton
for AHruria: at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at
Geyserville for Skaggs Springs; at Cloverdalft
for the Geysers; at Hopland for Duncan
Springs. Highland Springs. Kelseyville. Carls-
bad Sprinjrs. Soda Bay. Lakenort and Bartlett
Springs; at Uklah for Vichy Springs. Saratoga
Springs, Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake, Witter
Springs. .Upper Lake. Pomo, Potter Valley,
• John Day's, Riverside, Lterley*s, Bucknell's.
Banhedrin Heights. Hullville, Orr's Hot
Springs. ¦ Mendoclno City. Fort Bragk. West-
port. Usal. • Wllllts. Laytonville. Cummins.
Bell's Springs, Harris, Olsen's, Dyer, Sect la
and Eureka. ¦ • • ¦ • •
Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at re-
duced rates.
On Sunday round trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.'
Ticket Office. 650 Mnrket street, Cbronlcla
Building.
H. C. WHITING. t R. X, RYAN.
Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. A*t.
Santa Fe Trains
Leave Market-street Ferry Depot.
I Local |Llm'd|Ovrl'd[ Local
| Daily I ' * I Dally | Dally
Lv. San Franl 7:2ft a » 9:0ft a I 8:00 p I 4:20 p
Ar. FtocktoiHin:l8 a 111:43 a lll:in p I 1:1S p
" Merced .112:22 p I 1:17 p I 1:19 a I 9:11 p
" Fresno ..I 2:05 p I 2:35 p I 3:05 a 110:50 p
" Hanford .1 3:12 p I 3:27 p I 7:0« a \
" Vlsalia ..I S:40p I ..I 4:4* a I
" Bakersfldl 6:15 p I 5:2(1 p I 7:30 a I
•" Knns. Cyl I 2:40 a I 7:30 a I
.". Chicago .1 | 2:15 p \ 3:00 p |...
a for moraine, p for afternoon
?9:00 a. m. train Is th* California L!"i-
lted. leavlne Monday and Thursday • only ¦
rarrylnsr Palace Pl»*r>inK Curs and Dlnlni
-Car* throturb to Chicajro.- Chair Car run*
to Bakersfleld for nceomrnodatlon of Incal
first-class pa.«sengpr«.- N'o • n#cond-claM
ticket? honored on thli train. CorroirDond-
lne train arrives at 5:55 p. m. Tuesday ami
Frlrtwy.
4:20 P- rn is Stockton and Fr«M local
Corresponding train arrives at 12:33 p. m
dally ¦.
8:00 T\rh. r« the Ov»rlaM PTnrcw. wltn
through Pfllace *>ir1 To"H«ct Sleen-ri «nd
Free JlArlini^ Chair Para to Chiragr*:
»»Tso Pal"C» Sle?r>»r. ttrhi*h cuts out »t
. Fre«no. Corresponding train arrives aC*:*.*
p. r". dally.
7:?« a. m. !• p*i<<>r«n>t<1 Lo-<al. utoprfnT
at all "ilnt« In Pan Joaanin VaHpv r«r-
rP «Tvr.nrIlTic *r?'i »rr1ve« at 8Mrt ». tn. r?<»nr
Office* — *4 1 Mn'Vwf F»"«»t anrf In F»r^v
W"->t. San Francisco: 1112 Broadway. Oate-
- . . — ___ . _
MOUNT TAMALPAI5 RAILWAY
VI» Sansallto Ferry— Foot of M»rket St. •
LC1VC t>N FRAN. ' (RNIVI ««N rmkH
1-43 p H'l-.—WEBK DAYS..... \ .*»»•*•
4 : 15 p m' ) SUy <mt n3 « !lt »* •"• TATJ115 ) f 2? *' M -
fflS£E.|#w»» jl ; E :
2^up. M.J . 710 pm
_, . " Fmrfc San Pnraelica to 3niBa>lt «nd Return, $1 40
Ticket Office. g«|f.rt» a* , e^^,^^^^ y<TO SAIL..
Sun, Moon and Tide.
United States Coast ' and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters: at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. ¦ Published by official* au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high • fend low; waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes . later than at Fort Point ;
the height of tide Is the same at both places.
Lazaro Pias, agred 27 years, employed as
a. waiter. in a restaurant at 706 Broadway,
attempted to commit suicide yesterday by
stabblne himself over the heart with a
bread, knife. Several acquaintances vis
ited the restaurant and teased Pias about
his humble occupation. He is of a sensi
tive: nature and could not stand; their
comments. He immediately, left the res
taurant and after drinking to drown his
sorrow determined to end his life. The
wound, although of a serious nature, is
not thought to be. fatal. .
Stabs Himself Over the Heart.
Maurice. Corridan, chairman: Eugene F.
Lacy, vice chairman: William F. Fitzgerald,
secretary: Thomas J. O'Brien, William T.
Flynn, David Barry, James Lamey, J. Mc-
Closkey, R. Kingston, John Coffey, A. Ru
dolphus. M. K>efe. J. Marlow, Thomas <Jon
lon. William ' Connolly, J. McGlade. Thomas
Cleary, M. Tierney, John Cronin, James | Mc-
Brearty, John' Grey, John Hughes, Thomas ti.'
Doran, Edward Fitzgerald, Frank Sullivan, T.
Leach. Thomas Kusick. Matt Kuslck, • Wil
liam Hoey, J. J. O'Brien. James O'Brien.
Daniel Ahern. Patrick Prunty, Edward .Mc-
Devitt, John Devaney, W. A. Breslin, James
Hughes, Con Regan, J. Griffin. J. Dougherty,
James Mullen. John Hennessy. -
The arrangements -for the annual pic
nic and reunion of the parishioners of St.
Patrick's Church, to be held at Shell
Mound Park, July, 23, are nearly com
pleted. A large number, of costly gate
prizes .will be distributed, and the win
ners of the various games and athletic
events will be also well rewarded. The
arrangements are in charge of the fol
lowing committee: ¦
Will Hold Reunion at Shell
Mound Park.
PEBFECTING PLANS
FOB GBAND OUTING
Parishioners of St. Patrick's Church
THE transport Logan arrived yes
terday morning from Manila, via
Nagasaki. She brings thlrty-sev
' en officers and 10G2 enlisted men
of tha Forty-fourth infantry,
trrenty-or.e officers and 575 men of the
Thirty-eighth infantry, eleven members of
the Hospital Corps, thirteen prisoners and
fiv* officers' servants. She also brought
ovrr a number cf cabin passengers, among
•whom was Mn.. General Funston. The
others were the following named:
Officers d lli* Forty-fourth Infantry— Colonel
F.dward J. McClerland; Lieutenant Colonel W.
S Scott; Surgeon Major C. L. Furbush: Cap-
tains J. L. Anderson, G. D. Lee. E. A. Stuart
• adjutant) F. R. Curtis (quartermaster). J. L.
Malley. John L. Ketcham. J. K. Wiggins, D.
R. Wc-ller. E. O. N. Russell. JC T. Smith and
~"J«: C Raysor: First Lieutenants R. W; Bh
ohanan, W. J. White. S. H. Mould. R. B.
Going, O E. Perry, H- L- Evans. J. B. Hey
burn. M. H. Barry. Frank E. Lynch, W. A.
Kaycroft. C. B. Parker, B. C. Hall and A.
J Cadaen; Second Lieutenants W. E. Par
tons, Leo S. Thomas, W. E. Van Houten, L.
H Cook J. A. Bassett, R. H. Frost, Warren
Wlndham. W. S. Blair, P. R. Strange and R.
"W". Jones.
Officers of the Thirty-eighth Infantry— Major
L. E. Goodier; Captains Georgre L.. Hicks (as
ristant surgeon). R. M. Nolan. J. M. Moore,
G. L. Grinstead. J. K. Weber. C. K. Sawyer
cad J E. Morris; First lieutenants W. A.
Covington IX V. Jacobs, U D. Howard, H.
V Stevens. F. S. Krebs. D. R. Johnson .end
E G. Abbott; Second Lieutenants F. C. Hus
rr.an. f=. G. Shartlr-. t>. G. Mendel, R. B. Ellis.
A.. J. Wor.de and Fred Btfry.
Major Herbert Cardwell; Captain Thomas T.
Jackron: First Lieutenant W. O. Davis, signal
corps; Mrs. W. S. Scott, wife of Colonel Scott;
Mrs. E.. A. Stuart, Rose A. Tweed. Eleanor
Vnfierwood and Jennie E. Larion. nurses; Mrs.
G. L. Painter; Miss Catherine Mclsaacs; Mrs.
Cameron and two children; Miss Scott; Mrs.
Nelson and child; Mrs. Seivert. child and
nurse: Mies A. C. Kent; Mrs. Frederick Fun
eton and sister, and Mrs. Millhoff.
Joined at Nagasaki — Lieutenant E. D.
Bricker (Ordnance Department), Mrs.' Bricker,
Mrs. A. U Conger, Miss Donsman and Miss
Violet Donsman.
The following is a list of the men of the
two regiments who got into trouble in
the Philippines and were sent home as
prisoners to complete their terms at Al
catraz:
John F. Gordon, Company A: Edward Madi
ron. Company G: James J. Orme. Company D;
Albert W hltehead. Company I: William Camp
bell Company L»: William Tomlisson. Company
L; A. Conch. Company E; Burrett A. Roberta,
ConJpany E; Albert D. CaFtleberry, Company I;
Albert ,Vf. Powell. Company L; Robert L.
giron. Comr-any F. and Jay Shears, Com
pany F.
All were privates. Castleberry's sen
tence expired while the Logan.was at sea,
eo he was revised. /
The Thirty-eighth antl Forty-fourth left
liere the latter part of '9S. : The former
regiment was pent to Southern Luzon and
a year later to Panay. At the latter place
the regiment saw considerable fighting. It
took the town of Lipa, only to find that
a considerable portion of the rebels had
retreated with seventy-five Spanish pris
oners. Colonel Anderson and five or six
of his officers and a dozen privates se
rured npums and gave chase. Yelling like
cowboys thpy burst into the next town in
which" the reb'-ls had taken refuge, and
The latter, thinking a large body of men
was upon th^m. fled. Colonel Anderson
and his handful of soldiers rescued 150
Spanish priFoiiers all told and later sent
ih*>m to Manila.
The Forty-fourth -was stationed at Cebu
and faw considerable field service. The
death rate was not very high, however,
earh company losing about eight men
during the two years of service.
TliTe were two doaths on the Logan
during- the voyage. On June 19 Corporal
A. E. Colley of Company M and Private
E'lward M. Dcppcart, Company E, Thir
ty-eighth infaniry, died of dysentery.
Both the Grant and Losran left a sol
dier passenger behind at Nagasaki. The
rr.an from the Grant phot a Japanese po
lireman and is now awaiting trial. The
Logan's man was cut down by a Japanese
policeman and was left behind in the hos
pital. :¦*!?- .
The transports now due are the Huford.
with th<e Forty-first. Thomas with one
battalion of the Thirty-eighth, one battal
ion of the Forty-ninth and the Forty-sev
enth Regiment; Kilpatrick, with the For
ty-third Regiment, and the Indiana, with
the Third Artillery.^
Water Front Notes.
The lighthouse tender Madrono -was en
gaged yesterday recovering the anchor
and chain lost by the Iowa
when she was leaving for Puget Sound.
The schooner Gamble, built at' Port
Blakeley for Pope. & Talbot. has been
launched and v/ill go into commission in
a few weeks. She is intended for the
lumber trade.
The new scliooner Edwards, built for
Saunders & Kirchman of San Francisco
at Grays Harbor, was launched last week.
She will carry 1,100,000 feet of lumber and
is 210 feet long, forty feet beam and four
teen feet deep. •
A special meeting of the Harbor Com
missioners was held yesterday to inves
tigate charges made by Daniel Riordan
against Fred Raabe, superintendent of
the Street Maintenance Department.
Riordan asserts that Raabe has been us
ing State property for his own use. A
great amount of testimony was taken at
an executive session and the whole matter
was finally left in the hands of. the
board's attorney.
The Kosmos liner Ammon, due next
Thursday, will not go to Puget Sound for
part of her load. The Hermonthis, due
here July. 2. will be the first of the fleet
to take In the Northern ports.
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
Shipping Merchants.
The following vessels have been chartered
to load livnber on Puget Sound for ports as
noted belov.-:
The Honolulu will load at Gamble for South
Africa; the Ida Schnauer, at the same port,
for Honoipu; the Mildred at Ballard for
Hllo: the Oceania Vance, at Gray's Harbor,
for Honolulu: the Skaglt. at Gamble, fbr Hon
clulu: the Luzon, at Blakeley, for Hongkong,
C2s 6d, chartered prior to arrival.
Merchandise for British Columbia.
The steamer City of Puebla .sailed yesterday
for Victoria with a general cargo for British
Columbia, valuecl at $3258. including the fol
lowing merchandise: 5 pkgs assaying mate
rial. 8305 lbs bread, 136 cs canned goods. 447 lbs
cheese, 410O lbs coffee. . 5785 Ib3 dried fruit, 4
cs electrical supplies, 4 cs drugs. 1452 pkgs fruit
and vegetables, 74 pkgs groceries and provis
ions, 535 lbs hops, 6 bdls hose. 10 rolls leather,
J2J8 ft lumber, 42,625 lbs malt, 360 lbs table
meal, S5 sks onions, 941 Bks potatoes, 325- cs
paste. 5 pkes raisins, £28 lbs tobacco. 9 cs 309
gals wine, 39 pkgs -windmill. In addition to the
above the steamer carried 352 pkgs tank mate
rial, valued at 1750, to be transshipped to
Michigan.
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
Tuesday, June 25.
US ctrcr Logan, Stlnson, 25 days from Ma
nila. lSls days from Nagasaki. •
Stmr Luella, Madsen. IS hours from San
Pedro.
Stmr Eanta Cruz. Smith, 4S hours from Santa
Cruz and way ports'.
Stmr PrcKreso, Parker, S3 , hours from Ta
coma.
Stmr Newburg, Peterson, 64 hours fm Grays
Harbor.
Schr Jennie Stella, Krebs, 5 days from Grays
Harbor.
Schr Admiral, Peterson, 5 days from Port
Gamble.
CLEARED.
Tuesday. June 23.
Etmr Corona, Glelow, San Dieso; Goodall,
Perkins & Co. .
Br ftmr Victoria, Blakey, Nanalmo; Swayne
& Hnyt.
Srbr W H Marston, Curtis, Honolulu; "Welch
& Co.
Schr Defender. Marston, Hanamaula Bay;
Williams, Dlmcnd & Co.
SAILED.
Tuesday, June 25.
Stmr Eureka. Jessen. Eureka.
Stmr Gipsy. Inland, Santa Cruz.
Stmr City of Puebla, Jeps^n, Victoria.
U S stmr Hancock, Struve. Manila,
Stmr Washtenaw, Zolllng, Seattle.
Stmr Seouoia, Winkle, Fort Bragc.
Stmr Lu'ella, Madsen.
Stmr South Coast. Olsen. Eureka.
Stmr Bonita. Nopander, San Pedro.
Stmr Alcazar, Martin, .
Schr Mary Etta, Nyman, Bowens Landing.
Schr Ocean Spray, Olsen, Iversens Landing.
Schr Newark, Granele.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, June 25. 10 p. m.— "Weather
hazy; wind SW; velocity 8 miles per hour.
SPOKEN
Feb 5— No lat, 23 W, Dutch ship Nederland.
from Hamburs for Santa Rosalia.
MISCELLANEOUS.
MONTEVIDEO. June 13— Stmr Tampico, fm
Norfolk for San Francisco, previously report
ed, i3 unshipping rudder for further survey.
ANTWERP, June 12— Br ship Socotra, frm
Tacoma, reports damage to rigging- and less of
sails in roUKh weather. ' - • ¦ •¦ • >
Br fchip County of Roxbury, from Oregon, "re r
ports damage to deck plttlngs and loss of sails
in heavy weather. . . ¦.: '..¦;' .,
DOMESTIC PORTS.
SAN DIEGO— Arrived June 25— Schr Helen,
hence June 12: vessel was bound to St Michael.
GRAYS HARBOR-Sailed June 24— Schr Hal
cyon, for San Francisco. ' - 1
Arrived June 24— Schr Lizzie Vance," hence
June 12. • June 25— Schr John F. Miller, from
TACOMA— ArrH-ed June 25— Ger bark Blrina,'
from Yokohama.
Sailed June 25— Br bark Stillwater, for Cape
Town. • ...
PORT HADLOCK— Sailed June 24— Stmr Rob
ert .Dollar, for San Francisco.
SEATTLE — Sailed June 24 — Stmr Queen, for
Sltka.
COOS BAY— Arrived June 25— Stmr Arcata,
hence June 21. . . , . •
VENTURA— Sailed June 25— Barge Santa
Paula, for San . Francisco, In tow tug Rescue.
EUREKA— Arrived June 25— Stmr Alliance,
from Portland; schr-Ida McKay, hnc- June 17.
Sailed June 23— Schr J G Wall, for San
Francisco.
UMPQUA— Sailed June 24— Schr Lucy, for
PORT TOWNSEXD- Sailed Inward June SS—
Chil bark Altcar, from Callao; Ger bark Blr
nia, from Yokohama. -¦. ;- .'
VENTURA— Arrived June ; 25— Barge . Santa
Pcular in tow of tug Rescue," hence June 23.
NEW YORK— Arrived June 21— Stmr City of
Washington, from Colon. ', ' fc*prvHO<Hi.WL||]
BALTIMORB— Arrived Jun» 24— Ship Aryan,
from New York. . • . . .
TO. ARRIVE.
Steamer Movements.
NEW YORK— Arrived June 25— Stmr State of
Nebraska, from Glassow.
Sailed June 23— Stmr BovJc, for Liverpool;
stmr Kaiser Wilhelm der Grosse, for Bremen,
via Cherbourg and Southampton. • -
SYDNEY, N S W— Arrived prior to June 23 —
Stmr Mariposa, from San Francisco, via Hono
lulu and Auckland: Btmr Moana, from Van
couver, via Honolulu and Brisbane.
BOULOGNE— Arrived June 25 — Stmr Maas
dam, from New York for Rotterdam. "
Sailed June 24 — Stmr Phoenicia, from Ham
burg, for New York. :
BREMEN— Sailed June 23— Stmr Koenlgen
Louise, for New York via Southampton.
GIBRALTAR — Passed June 25 — Stmr Moyune,
from Tacoma and Seattle, via Nagasaki, Hong
kong, Manila and Naples, for Liverpool.
SCILLiY— Passed June 23— Stmr Graf Walder
see, from New York for Plymouth, Cherbourg
and Hamburg; Btmr Lahn, from New York for
Southampton and Bremen.
VLADIVOSTOK — Arrived June 25— Stmr
Glenorle, from Tacoma, •¦ •
KOBE— Sailed June- 25— Stmr Glenesk, from
Tacoma and Victoria, B C, for London, via
Suez.
LIZARD— Passed June 25— Stmr St Paul, fm
New Ycrk for Southampton.
MONTEVIDEO— Sailed June 8— Ger stmr Nu
manthia. for San Francisco.
QUEENSTOWN— Sailed June 23— Br ship
County of* Dumfries, for Hamburg; Br ship
Seafarer, for Antwerp.
ESQUIMALT— Arived June 21— Br bark Low
wood, from Tocopilla.
FALMOUTH— Arrived June 23— Ital ship Sal
vatore Clampa, hence Feb 24.
GUAYAQUIL— Arrived June 10— Br stmr
Adato. hence May 24.
DUNGENEPS— Passed June 23— Fr bark La
Rochefoucauld, from Oregon for Queenstown.
June 24 — Br ship Dunstaffnape, from, Tacoma
for Hull.
GT;AYAQUIL— Sailed June S— Ger stmr Am
men, for San Francisco.
HONGKONG — Arrived June 13— Br stmr Oak
Branch, from Nagasaki, to load for Oregon.
HAMBURG— Sailed June 21— Fr bark Du-
for Oresrpn. June 20 — Br stmr Belgian
King-, for San Diego.
IQUIQUE— Sailed June 21— Ger ship Erato,
for San Francisco.. ' .:. ¦ .
• ANTWERP— Arrived June 24— Br ship Queen
Margaret, from Tacoma. In port June 14 — Br
ship Inchcar>e Rocfc, for Port . Los Angeles.
FOREIGN PORTS.
SYDNEY— Arrived prlorlto June 25— Br stmr
Moana. from Vancouver; "stmr Mariposa, hce
May :o.
PLiYMOXJTH— Arrived June 22— Br bark In
vermark, hence Feb 26. June 23— Br ship Wa
bertree. from Oregon, and - sailed June 4 for
Antwerp.
QUEKNSTOWN— Arrived June 24— Ital ship
Dora, from Oregon.
VALPARAISO— In port May 8— Br ship Cel
tic Chief.
YOKOHAMA— Sailed June 23— Br stmr Em
press of China, for Vancouver.. • ..'
LIZARD— Passed June 23— Ger bark Anti
gone, from Port Blakeley for Hamburg.
PISAGUA— In port May 12— Br. bark Califor
nlan.
LONDON— In port June 23— Br ship Clan
Reports received at the headquarters
of the striking Ironworkers "are to the
effect that some of the smaller shops that
conceded the demands of -the , men : since"
the inauguration of the strike are. slowly
yielding to pressure and are either . clos
ing up or demanding the ten7hour-a-day
schedule ;^'at --the' old wages. " In ¦ other
words, the conditions resumed ' are the
same • as before • the \ ironworkers made
their demands. These shops are depend-'
ent in : a large measure , upon the bigger
establishments, and their policy is prac
tically controlled by them.- \ . i ,
: Placards have been posted in various
parts of the city notifying- workmen that
employment may be obtained in the RIs
donlron Works. This is especially evU
dent in the neighborhood of the PresMio/
where every dead wall, fence ajnd bill
board bears a poster. Thousands:. of col
diers will be discharged in the city dur
ing the present week and many of them
will seek employment here. „ Quite a num
ber, it is said, have gone to -work al
ready, but the demand -is .for more men.
All that show any capability in the llfle
of work embraced in the iron trades are
being engaged. , - ~
This situation is seriously considered at
headquarters, and efforts to stem the
tide are now being made. News of a pos
sible settlement of the controversy in the
East was anxiously awaited yesterday,
but nothing of a reassuring nature was
received. It was said that in the three
foundries and twenty machine shops that
had been unionized, a disposition on the
part of the owners ana -managers was
manifest to remain firm against any fur
ther maintenance of present conditions.
.A break is daily expected in the ranks
of the proprietors of restaurants now dis
playing the union card in the window.
It Is rumored that every card will come
down before the end of the week. A
meeting of the restaurant men and job
bing butchers was to have been held yes
terday afternoon, but a conflict in dates
caused its postponement. The Jobbing
butchers are not taking any part in the
matter as yet, and are continuing to sup
ply meat as usual.
"We have no interest in the matter at
all," said Sam C. Hammond, a member ol
the executive committee of the Jobbing
Butchers' Association. "This movement
originated entirely among the restaurant
men that accepted the union card and its
attendant schedule of wages. They find
now that they cannot do business at these
rates, and are heartily sick -of their bar
gain. .The butchers will take no -part in
the affair. As long as they can pay their
bills they will be supplied with meat, but
they are finding it hard now to make both
ends meet. The movement emanates en
tirely, from the union restaurant men, and
they will have to solve the question en
tirely among themselves." j
The Restaurant-Keepers' Association
discussed the situation thoroughly yester
day, but claimed that matters ¦ were in
such condition that the strike of the cooks
and waiters would die of inanition within
a day or two.
Upholsterers' Union No. 28 has elected
the following officers: President. W. N.
Shaffer; vice-president, * J. 'Alexander;
recording secretary, H. Apple; 'financial
secretary, J. Peacock; treasurer, A. Es
toleta; sergeant-at-arms. M. Davis; trus
tees, M. Halloran, A. W. Botcher, J. Cor
nell; executive committee, B. Rosenthal,
W. Gerkin, Charles Riodell; delegate to
international union, J. Alexander; alter
nate, W. C. Hudson; delegates to San
Francisco Labor Council, R. T. Barry, B.
Rosenthal ; walking delegate, W. C. Hud
son.
Painters'* Union, Local No. 36, has
elected the following officers: President,
C. Trost; vice-president, F. Bohn; record
ing secretary, ¦ H. Blschoff; financial sec
retary, E. Foswick; treasurer, N. Ander
son.
Ironmolders' Union No. 164 held an elec
tion of officers last night, but the result
had not been. declared at midnight.
*.; . <*> - - ¦¦¦'- - • -¦ ¦
Employers Placarding City
With AdvBrtiseinentB for
Workmen.
Discharged Soldiers Are
Finding Employment J
in Iron Works.
REPLACING MEN
OUT ON STRIKE
WEDNESDAY.. JUNE 26,,
Sun rises.. • ..4:43
Sun sets.. • ;............:; 7:35
Moon sets'...' •••• • ...0:23 a: m.
FROM SEATTLE.
"The time ball on. the tower of the new Ferry
building .was dropped at- exactly noon to-day —
1. e.^ at t noon: of. the -120th • meridian,"' or at 8
o'clock' p.m.",- Greenwich time. . " - .'-.•¦
. , C. G. ; CALKINS, •'..•,:
Lieutenant Commander. ,U.'S.N.. In charge:
Branch Hydrographic Office, U. S. N., Mer
- chants' Exchange. San Francisco, Cal.,
.-; June : iS.--: 1901; ,./•,-
Time Ball.
. NOTE— In - the ¦ above exposition of the tides
the I early morning tides are I given ' In the left
hand column and •. the successive t tides . of ' the
day in the • order ot ; occurrence ' as to time of
day; the third time column gives the last tide
of the 'day, except when there, are but three
tides, ¦: as sometimes occurs. The heights given
are in addition to the; soundings on theitJnlted
States Coast . Survey - charts, except < when < a
minus , (— ) sign ¦ precedes the ; height, and : then
the.pumber given is subtracted from the depth
given by, the charts. The plane of reference Is
the mean! of .the lower low waters. . •'• :
The only route having through sleeping
car service between San Francisco and St.
Louis daily. '-. Stop-overs ' allowed , at Salt
Lake City. For full information ask L.
M; Fletchcr.* l 212 California street. -¦ •.
"The Missouri Pacific Limited"
James Long," a stranger „ from ' Santa
Rosa, was looking at The Call building
yesterday, when • a '•' bunko-steerer ap
proached him and -with the usual ' ques
tions, induced him to walk with him till
tbey . reached a room on Folsom street,
near Third. Long .was induced -to play
poker and soon parted with J5. He re
ported his experience to Captain Seymour
with the explanation that he "wanted him
to know such a fellow was : around."
Victim of Bunko-Steerer.
Credentials.
At a meeting of the City and County
Board of Examination' yesterday the fol
lowing recommendations for certificates
were made to the Board of Education:
High-school certificate*— Fred TV. Koch. Miss
Sophia A. Hobe.
Grammar-srade certificates— W. N. Hohfeld.
Miss Cecelia H. Gllchrist. Miss Gertrude E.
Bell.
High-school certificate renewed — Dr. Frank
Fischer. . -,
Grammar-grade certificates renewed— Miss A.
B. J McBoyle. Miss : Christine Regan, ¦ Mls» C.
Lewison, Miss Manraret J. Shine. - /
¦ Pe-manent hluh-school certificates— Miss M.
M. Cox. F. H. Clark. Miss Susan Myra Klngs
fr=ry. - - .
« Permanent j grammar-school certificates — Miss
K. F. Williams. Dr. Frank Fischer, , M!s» N.
T. Moynihan. Miss Louise McDonnell, Miss S.
E. Kelly, Mrs. May. E. Hopps-Serex, Miss
Florence H. Cowley. Miss J. L. Sexton. Mrs.
Jessie Heberer. Miss Adella E. : Little. Mrs.
Elizabeth ; B. - Graham." Miss Emily U. LJnd
berg, Mls3 Margaret B. Curry.
Permanent primary certificates— Mlsa A. C
Cherry. Miss M. H. Slavan. :\- '
BECOMMEND ISSUANCE OF '
TEACHEES' CERTIFICATES
City and County Board of Examina
*] tion Passes on Large List of
: r^f. : ; ;Here.
-The members of Buena Vista Parlor No.
68, Native Daughters of the Golden West,
of j.which' Mrs/ Genevieve Watson ' Baker,
the f grand! president of the. otder, is a
member, - made her '' a guest of : honor,; last
night at a banquet given in California
Hotel. ; This was to show .how much ; they
appreciate the honor of having . . one , of
'their number elevated to the exalted posi
tion ? of . head -\ of , the ¦ order. There ;. were
ninety-six- present, including all the" of-"
'fleers of the parlor- and only, one invited
guest, ."The friend • of the-Native Daught
ers." ; After -the supper * Past : /' President
Mrs.'- J A. , J. ;¦ Simpson \ welcomed and • intro
duced the 5 grand president, -, who ¦- made . a
brief . response* in \ eloquent language. . Dr.
Mariana Berlota responded to "The Flag,"-
President Miss Annie Betkowskl -to "."Our
i Parlor," ; First IVlce-Presldent ; Miss -Alice
Tic(.ulett> to 1 l"The;. Native- Daughters,''
Past' President - Mrs.' Ella Wehe \ to U!The
Native I Sons.'.' Past ?President Mrs. k Rader
BUENA \ VISTA PARLOB ;'.;-£;-
f pONOESOEAND PRESIDENT
Mrs. Genevieve Watson Baker Guest
at a ¦ ¦ Banquet Tendered '
-The banquet hall was prettily decorated
with flowers -and red lanterns, and to each
guest ; was presented a beautiful souvenir
menu , of the occasion.
to "California," Past President Mrs.
Emma O'Donnell to ."The Pioneers." E.
C. Stock to "Us Girls" and Past Grand
Secretary Georgie C. Ryan to "The Pleas
ure of Attending the .Banquet.", Miss Etta
O'Brien during: the evening sang "The
Palms", with fine effect. .
the san francisco; call;^ Wednesday, jijne 26, 1901V
Forty-Fourth Regiment and Two Battalions of the Thirty-Eighth
Home After Two Years' Service in the Philippines*
LOGAN, CROWDED WITH RETURNING
SOLDIERS, ARRIVES FROM MANILA
THE TRANSPORT HANCOCK, CARRYING FOUR GENERALS. A UNITED STATIV5 SENATOR AND A CONGRESS
MAX. WAS LEAVING PORT YESTERDAY AS THE LOGAN, LADEN WITH RETURNING VOLUNTEERS.
WAS COMING TO AN ANCHOR OFF THE FOLSOM-STREET WHARF.
• -. .-*. v --v / • ¦ . ¦ ¦=•- . , v .
5
Steamer.
From.
Due.
I
Grace Dollar.. Redondo
Walla Walla... Puget Sound Ports....
Robert Dollar.. and Iladlock
Algoa Oyster Harbor
Crescent City.. Crescent City
Curacao Mexican Ports
Amraon... Hamburg & Way Ports
Point Arena... Point Arena
Santa Rosa.... San Dleg-o
Zealandia Honolulu
Alliance.. Portland & Coos Bay..
San Pedro Humboldt
Coos Bay... Newport ;
Mackinaw...... Seattle ;..
Arcata Coos Bay ....:
Mattewan Tacoma
Kureka Humboldt '.
Empire ;.. Coos Bay
Doric '.. China and Japan
tSan Jose. Panama & Way Ports.
Columbia Portland and Astoria...
Rainier Seattle & N. Whatcom.
Coronado Redondo
Pomona Humboldt
Santa Barbara Humboldt
Noyo Humboldt •
Tltania.... Nanaimo
Mandalay Coquille River
W. H. Kruger. San Pedro ....."
Bontta San. Pedro "
Acme Tlllamook Bay
Corona San Diego •........;....
Sierra... Sydney & Way Ports.'.
St. Paul Nome & St. Michael...
Tucapel Valparaiso & Way Pts.
Umatilla Puget Sound Ports
Hermonthis Hamburg & Way Pts
June i
June 2
June 2
June 2
June 2
June 2
June *i
June S
June 5
June. 5
June 2
June i
June :
June 2
June i
June '
June 2
June :
June I
June.:
June :
June 5
June :
June :
June :
June 1
June 5
June <
June ;
June :
June .'
June ;
July
July
July
July
July
. Steamer.
Destination.
[Sails.
Pier.
Czarina.......
G. Dollar
Pomona
Rival
Australia
Corona..
Newburg
Hawaiian....
G. W. Elder..
North Fork..
Alliance
San Juan.;...
Argyll ...:....
Arcata. .'...;..
China
Zcalandfa
Coronado.....
San Pedro....
Coos Bay.....
Point Arena..
. June 20.
Seattle and Tacoma
Grays Harbor ...'.
Humboldt
Wlllapa Harbor .:.
Tahiti via Marq'sas
San Diego
' June 27;
Grays Harbor
Hawaiian Islands..
Astoria & Portland
'¦: June 2S.
Humboldt
Portland & Coos B.
Panama' & Way Pts
N.-.Y. via Panama
Jane 29.-. . .
Coos . Bay I ....
.China & Japan
Honolulu
Seattle & Everett..
Humboldt ..."".'.;".".
Newport
Point Arena"...;...
Jnne 3O.
Coos Bay ....;
Humboldt . . . . . . . .'.; ;
Puget Sound I Ports
San Diego .........
July 1.
Tillamook . Bay
Astoria & Portland
Sluslaw River.:
Jnly 2. -
Ban Pedro ..........
Seattle & ' Hadlock.
12 m
6 pm
1:30- p
5 pm
10 am
9 am
5 pm
9 am
11 am
9 am
5 pm
12, m
2 pm
13 m
1 pm
2 pm
5 pm
10 am
9 am
2 pm
Pier 8
Pier 2
Pier 9
5th St.
Pier 7
Pier 11
Pier 2
Pier 2J
Pier 24
Pier 2
Pier 16
PMSS
S.W. 1
Pier 13
PMSS
Pier 7
Pier 2
Pier 2
Pier 11
Pier 2
Empire
Eureka. .':....'
Walla Walla.
Santa Rosa.;
10 am
9 am
11 am
9 am
Pier 13
Pier 13
Pier 9
Pier 11
W. Kruger...
Columbia.....
Acme
5 pm
11 am
6 pm
Pier 13
Pier 24
Pier 13
Bonlta^.......
R. Dollar
I 9 am
Pier 11
I Pier ; 2
|.......
Steamer.
Destination.
Sails.
Dolphin...
City of Seattle.
Dirlgo
Alkl.....
Senator.........
Cottage City...
Jeanie...
Chas. Nelson..
J. S;Klmball..
Oregon.7....:.. ,
Victorian.. '.
City of
Skaguay & Way Ports. June 2C
Rkaguay & : Way • Ports. June 29
Skaguay & Way Ports. June 29
Skaguay & Way. Ports. June 29
Nome and Teller City.. June 29
Skaguay & Way Ports. June 29
Nome direct ............ June 29
Skaguay , & Way Ports. June 30
Nome' & St. -Michael.. July 1
Nom^ &. Teller City.:..". July 1
Skaguay &. Way Ports. July ; 3
Skaguay.& Way Port*. July^4
¦ Time K Time " ¦ Time • Time
Date Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
L. W H W ,.¦-' L. W H W :._,-
26.:. 1:51 .1.0 8:22 S.7 12:53 2.4 7:41 "hj
27 ... 2:35 0.6 9:25 ; 3.8 1:40 2.7 : 8:15 5.7
28 ... 8:15 0.2 10:18 4.0 2:25 3.0 8:49 5.8
29... 3:52—0.1 11:02 t.A 3:10 3.1 . 9:21 S.S
30 ... 4:29 0.4 11:44 4.5 3:52 3.1 10:00 ; 5.9
1 .. 5:05-0.6 12:24 4.7 4:36-3.0 10:37 5.9
2 ...| . B:42[— 0.8| 1:00 .4.8 6:20 3.0 ,11:21 \ 5.8
Steamer.
From.
Due.
I
Grace Dollar.. Redondo
Walla Walla... Puget Sound Ports....
Robert Dollar.. and Iladlock
Algoa Oyster Harbor
Crescent City.. Crescent City
Curacao Mexican Ports
Amraon... Hamburg & Way Ports
Point Arena... Point Arena
Santa Rosa.... San Dleg-o
Zealandia Honolulu
Alliance.. Portland & Coos Bay..
San Pedro Humboldt
Coos Bay... Newport ;
Mackinaw...... Seattle ;..
Arcata Coos Bay ....:
Mattewan Tacoma
Kureka Humboldt '.
Empire ;.. Coos Bay
Doric '.. China and Japan
tSan Jose. Panama & Way Ports.
Columbia Portland and Astoria...
Rainier Seattle & N. Whatcom.
Coronado Redondo
Pomona Humboldt
Santa Barbara Humboldt
Noyo Humboldt •
Tltania.... Nanaimo
Mandalay Coquille River
W. H. Kruger. San Pedro ....."
Bontta San. Pedro "
Acme Tlllamook Bay
Corona San Diego •........;....
Sierra... Sydney & Way Ports.'.
St. Paul Nome & St. Michael...
Tucapel Valparaiso & Way Pts.
Umatilla Puget Sound Ports
Hermonthis Hamburg & Way Pts
June i
June 2
June 2
June 2
June 2
June 2
June *i
June S
June 5
June. 5
June 2
June i
June :
June 2
June i
June '
June 2
June :
June I
June.:
June :
June 5
June :
June :
June :
June 1
June 5
June <
June ;
June :
June .'
June ;
July
July
July
July
July
Steamer.
Destination.
Sails.
Dolphin...
City of Seattle.
Dirlgo
Alkl.....
Senator.........
Cottage City...
Jeanie...
Chas. Nelson..
J. S;Klmball..
Oregon.7....:.. ,
Victorian.. '.
City of
Skaguay & Way Ports. June 2C
Rkaguay & : Way • Ports. June 29
Skaguay & Way Ports. June 29
Skaguay & Way. Ports. June 29
Nome and Teller City.. June 29
Skaguay & Way Ports. June 29
Nome direct ............ June 29
Skaguay , & Way Ports. June 30
Nome' & St. -Michael.. July 1
Nom^ &. Teller City.:..". July 1
Skaguay &. Way Ports. July ; 3
Skaguay.& Way Port*. July^4
¦ Time K Time " ¦ Time • Time
Date Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
L. W H W ,.¦-' L. W H W :._,-
26.:. 1:51 .1.0 8:22 S.7 12:53 2.4 7:41 "hj
27 ... 2:35 0.6 9:25 ; 3.8 1:40 2.7 : 8:15 5.7
28 ... 8:15 0.2 10:18 4.0 2:25 3.0 8:49 5.8
29... 3:52—0.1 11:02 t.A 3:10 3.1 . 9:21 S.S
30 ... 4:29 0.4 11:44 4.5 3:52 3.1 10:00 ; 5.9
1 .. 5:05-0.6 12:24 4.7 4:36-3.0 10:37 5.9
2 ...| . B:42[— 0.8| 1:00 .4.8 6:20 3.0 ,11:21 \ 5.8
. Steamer.
Destination.
[Sails.
Pier.
Czarina.......
G. Dollar
Pomona
Rival
Australia
Corona..
Newburg
Hawaiian....
G. W. Elder..
North Fork..
Alliance
San Juan.;...
Argyll ...:....
Arcata. .'...;..
China
Zcalandfa
Coronado.....
San Pedro....
Coos Bay.....
Point Arena..
. June 20.
Seattle and Tacoma
Grays Harbor ...'.
Humboldt
Wlllapa Harbor .:.
Tahiti via Marq'sas
San Diego
' June 27;
Grays Harbor
Hawaiian Islands..
Astoria & Portland
'¦: June 2S.
Humboldt
Portland & Coos B.
Panama' & Way Pts
N.-.Y. via Panama
Jane 29.-. . .
Coos . Bay I ....
.China & Japan
Honolulu
Seattle & Everett..
Humboldt ..."".'.;".".
Newport
Point Arena"...;...
Jnne 3O.
Coos Bay ....;
Humboldt . . . . . . . .'.; ;
Puget Sound I Ports
San Diego .........
July 1.
Tillamook . Bay
Astoria & Portland
Sluslaw River.:
Jnly 2. -
Ban Pedro ..........
Seattle & ' Hadlock.
12 m
6 pm
1:30- p
5 pm
10 am
9 am
5 pm
9 am
11 am
9 am
5 pm
12, m
2 pm
13 m
1 pm
2 pm
5 pm
10 am
9 am
2 pm
Pier 8
Pier 2
Pier 9
5th St.
Pier 7
Pier 11
Pier 2
Pier 2J
Pier 24
Pier 2
Pier 16
PMSS
S.W. 1
Pier 13
PMSS
Pier 7
Pier 2
Pier 2
Pier 11
Pier 2
Empire
Eureka. .':....'
Walla Walla.
Santa Rosa.;
10 am
9 am
11 am
9 am
Pier 13
Pier 13
Pier 9
Pier 11
W. Kruger...
Columbia.....
Acme
5 pm
11 am
6 pm
Pier 13
Pier 24
Pier 13
Bonlta^.......
R. Dollar
I 9 am
Pier 11
I Pier ; 2
|.......
AN OTHEB WONDEB OF SCIENCE
Biology Has Proved That Dandruff
Is Caused by a Gtenn.
Ecior.ce is doing wonders these days in
medicine as well as in mechanics. Since
.Adam delved, thQ human race has been
! troubled with dandruff, for which no hair
preparation has heretofore proved a suc-
cssf ul cure until Newbro's Herpicide was
put on the market. It is a scientific prepa-
ration that kills the cerm and makes dan-
druff or scurf by dig^rine into the scalp to
get at the root of the hair, where it snps
the vitality; causing itching scalp, falling
hair and finally baldness. Without dan-
druff hair must grow luxuriantly. Herpi-
cide at all druggists. It is the only de-
Btroyer of dandruff. x
t STRICTLY RELIABLE.
MEN
UINLiY !
f>T FAR THE
1> greater • number of
patients seeking relief
for so-called weakness
1 are strong, robust men In
' •very other respect. Our
theory that Loss of Vital-
ity Prematureneas, etc.,
are not weaknesses, but the eymptoms of in-
flan.maiory processes in the Prostate Gland
(so-called neck of bladder) caused by con-
tracted disorders and early dissipation. Is now
being adopted by the leading: specialists of the
world. Under our local plan of treatment,
directed toward reducing the "enlarged and
swollen Prostate. - immediate results, as indi-
cated ?>/ Increased circulation and renewed
Btrength. are observed. Our colored chart of
ttie orcane. which we send free on application,
Jb Interesting to any one wishing. to study th*
anatomy cf the male.
DR. 1ALC0IT & CO., 997 Market St.
ITEW ADVEBTTSEIIZNTS.
v- ; ?-?.:*'¦ ' ' ¦ :' ¦ ' '¦.. ':'i ' ¦ ' - ..¦¦! '*
jj£ Ov3r collars, _ Spikes at Half PrioB* *
J. rroidered lawn and lace tf.mmid JS| §!S'*Lr^ Jlk^ «s» it les of the season; regularly 5c °ij
gf Ovcrcollars; values 2oc and -_ 1 I**V TO'OB<fl<*TTi ¦?Bil<r* nrSfliW^ Z***!- to 40c each — to-day only ft
-. 25c— to-day only, each... 9G \. CALIFORNIA'S LARQEST--AMERICA*S GRANDEST STORE ...halt Off £
I ¦ ~~~^ — • ~~ — ; — - — ; — ; — ¦ il
I^^SSfclK ~ H> SummerfiBld & Go.'s\
$-.. y'. wji?^ "-\:'- i [J^M > fFlttB Clothing js
: ?il^^S^&®^ #; for Men and Boys. I
K /fT^^^^^^t^N ~fc^$EL&££ttt&^ he ent: - ie stoc^ of tht3 we'.l-known Sansome-strcet wholesale «*
% mmmWm\'\ /ff^^^^^^s. hou3e now on sa!c ' They have retired from bus5ncS3 - We - n
i MlfimM W |m^^^S?S|^^ boil S ht eve^ dol]ar ' s «' orth of clothing that they had on hand at 57c J
K fmi'Mypttnnv 1 ' i 1^^^^ f ffiS^^^^^ on.thc dollar of their who'esalc prices. In conjunction with this im- JJ
S- MM-" PfeB ? JlWi^SS^i portarjt saIe we ofFer extraordinary values in i
% mm liR l im^^^^S^^ slf3 ' s ***** B °y s ' Ha * s ' Furnishings and %
A '-\^^^^^IJ iF iliii Shoes* The men's departments have bce-n crowded since the &
** ! 'jjll beg'nning of this sale Monday morning. Extri salespeople have *§
3» . ' vAwT y\ in vi u I' 7 Is ili lpFfiP» been added to the force and increased dc'ivcry facilities. Sp^cc will 5
% JfMl r/WlVil rw ' 1111^ lffif?T!P?fy not permit cf extended descriptions. Below we merelv cive a few «
S 1 - Iliii 1 /ft 'I tpM^^Wfrn* Msn's |xo oo Sack Suits, pla"nb:ue and black and in n.bby mix- . s .„ ](
*° -' II, til if ' ; W W&xM^Mmr tnrc?; during this sale '. . . ( /£) X
S|- • V '•' ||; lil'l Men's stylish Ji 5. co Suits, p!a3n efficts and prstty mixtures; dur- aq ACT *
jg> . il; I I i'j In I ' a Tra ~ ' n S tJ * ! sa ' e %tP$Sa "»? Jj
if ':;' Vi 1 I "•l|||n • I sjf^rif' » Men's finest $ zo. 00 Suiti; worsteds, piques, scrgf s and Oxford jw r~ 5
«{ '¦;• : ¦ «l!|i I pil; .-,, : ' si if I suitings; now. -..; $3Ba4Ff2
j£- V' ! ' ill ! '¦ ¦ ' '"nil Men's high-grads £20.00 Overcoats; English whipcord, coTeitj Jt tSL 3*
jf . ¦ . # ' I ' i- ¦ f M'i \ » ¦ ! 1 % I mi O< orJs: during th's sale *& S S m^S" 4P JC
f£ 1; ill II ' i:« < 5? U I' Men's ttyhh Dt:;s Trousro; fin: wenteds; during thh sale *>o EZ E2
a ' V j ||. V - z 1 *-J:Jll ........ . .*. ". n %P r 2
tl':" ¦ ¦ I i .1! ' ¦ ; jW ¦ ¦ 1 - Bo}s* J7. 50 Three-piece Suiti, al'-wool miterials, tiezs for boys gnjm *%** *!&
Si" • \ ' 1 1; E' ¦ ! ;>£ j iri U 10 to- 15 years" of age; now. .- nSS^Bradm M JC
*"»' - I|| %\ ¦ 2 \W\'' n Men's Fancy Ves's, siz;s 33 to 40 on'y, were J4.00 and $5.00; gik^k 90 "«
ft' \| b 1 ' $ * ' I Pi u now ....*.. '. ; 2mS '
£ 111 V ' : IS •'¦¦[*/¦' fl Ba\s* Ve:t:e Suits, tizes _; to 8 years on'y, were J5. 00; during gm^ JB *£ "*
Jb . . _" «| 1 ><|pp\ '¦ i\i ' ¦ • Ej . 11 th % sa'e &
** KJL_ '>Sli in * Bo/s* $3.50 Ve:tee Suits, tizssfcr /o 5 _ycars cf age on'y; g%g% {5
£ w«5lr-^ , rJSK . cur ns th's ta\: 3 m *JG$ "^
%i ' . ¦ " .^ &n^*- — iG^^^*^" 'Boys' 1 6. oo Long Pants Sait3, all-wool cheviots an! ca<sim:res, r% f% &
8^ . ' v sizei for bo';s 12 to 19 years of age; during this sale v<^>vO •'
X M?n's $1-35 Fedora Has .'....... 03o Men's C.ngo Wa'-king Cane, silver mountei 28c J«
K Men's Stift and Feiora Ha'.s that w:re $1.85, $2.35 and $2.4>: now fi/JBn'S NQCkWGSW— Imp=ria!s and Tec ks, were 50c, now X
ft $1.23 .....23o jj
* Men's Stiff Hats, J. B. Stetson and Roclof s make, regu'arly I3.35 to Men's |i.oo and Colored Shutt, sizss 14 to 17^ 6SC M
*{ 54 00 each, now ... . . ... . .$1*08 M:n*s heavy ribbed Ba'.briggan Sh.rts and Drawers, 50c quality, now. . $J
•f Min's 45c and 50: Crash Hati. ...25C * 25s X
ST Boys' Straw Sailor Hat-, were 35c, now........ 23C M:n's Fancy HafHo:e, regulary 25c par, now .16C }i
S Boys' Wash Ssior Caps, regu'arly 75c grade, now . . . ~. . . .' . <£ <?C Men's $1.95 S iocs, reduced to QQo «*
K Men' a 50c Susprndcrs. cut to . . . . ..... . . 28c M:n*s $2.50 Lace Sboa, now $1 43 «*
jf Men's 50c Ne<ligee Sh : rt3, cut to. . . . ............... .35 1 Men's ji 45 Back Calf Lace Shoes, now $1*23 jjj
A° Boys' 50c Nezlige: Shifts cut to...; ...29C Men's $3.00 Choco'ats Color Lace Shoes, now $1.32 JC
* A Two for 25c Wash Bit Tic, now. . .......;.. ...'.... 5C Bays* K : i and Calt Lace Shoes, sizes 11 to 2, tha: were $I.S? p r JH
J Men's 53c Silk Hzndksrchlais, reduced to 27c pair, cut to. ; — 99c -|
* ~ ~ ? * — a ~ ~ — m — To i
$ Fireworks this yoas* on saie an me J ° |
I Annex sspb Jessie Street v « * « * * %
t also from Simples in the Main Store. We were unab'.e to find a w°^\ *
S «« , * j- 1 • ¦ . ,, », Jessie i£
5 suitable store on Market street or any of the principal thorough- p^ — i i — —i J
i fares where we could sell- fireworks this year, so for the ac- j %
*: xommbdation of our customers we have fitted up a fireworks J L |
% depar^m?nt in our new warehouse on Jessie stree:— directly in //^~\\ S
| rear of the Emporium, V V J / I
$ We are prepared to take your order for delivery of fireworks in x. %
J our regular department in the Emporium, but those wishirg to JL thp<.rium. -5»
|» carry the goods home can ob'ain same by stepping through thr | | - 3«
J store to Jessie street. " . Market street, \
K : : 1 ; j ' JC
*; $ra&$BLtr r^rff^a* &£&&*!&,* r.
5 Wf ETMBbS&^yF IT MBS ttB2FQGFQ S
:| Wu ¦; .to-Day Only. |
$ Jfri . All of our fine Colored and Black Fancy Trimmed Tailor Dresses at hatf'%
J milj\ original prices to- day only. They consist of th? newest styles of this sei- j
S 3*3>-\V'' son's Etons— light-, medium and dark gray— tan, brown,, medium and <§
Jf navy blue, reseda and sage green and black in Briliiantines, Cheviots, %
$¦ A^Ta H ornes P uns an<^ Broadcloth. A'l are trimmed — mostly fancy vest effects
% 1 1 \ vV ~" no p'^in^'acks-^- absolutely half price io-dav ' onlv — alterations extra. *
*" / J x \\ A S 12 'S° Tailor Dresses — to-day only. .$6*25 Tailor Drcsse3 — to-day on\y.Sf5mOO jc
j£ \d • \ \!y^*% 1 5.00 Tailor Dresses— today only. .$7*50 $40.00 Tailor Dresses— to-day only. $2QmOO **
¦ af ; — *7^ ' $20.00 Tailor Dresses — -to-day on\y..$fQ a OQ $45-°° Tailor Dresses — to-day only. $22* 5O 5»
i £25.00 Tailor Dresses — to-day only. $12*50 $50.00 Ta'lor Dresses — to-day only. S25mOO %
i 9i , . : : ii — - — _ : : 3*
$ Ostrich Fans Sale of Bags, Special Sale of %
% Less Than Half. Monday and the Week. Children's Wear, g
•»" We will p'ace on si'e for en: day only a • > """~~ > v r- ' h Children's French Lswn Embroidered Bon- «*
'. J o .choice collection of real Ostrich Fans, with r K b"* V • nets— Thh season's styles, sizes in. 1 3"*and -*
• j^ highly poished sh:'.l and real tortolie stick. /-sSmfe^^Wa- . . . . g> !"!,. C 14, pricc3 rega'arly Ji.co — special -»_ - , "«
! £ Tcey are mestly black Ostrich Fans, a few il™ 'i^m> ''" *^ °" ¦ 1 'i tc - day onl / O9C J5
E in colors.: i MB^L fT' T Th GirIs ' Wash- Dresses-Ages 6 to i 4 j rerca'e, S
; h 100 Oitrich'Fans, wcrth from |i.03 to '^ r a " ? >u b ' ousc front » one-fiece sui?». yoke trimmei 5
. If each; special Wednesday only. --»,- W*-, Nt^JiOO&h, , "g&AlS ? -ined, . witft w j th fiv< . rowg o f j ruffle around yoke \
; K : .... ... ......... ... . . . &U.38 : TV ". e , : u P ° cket lnslde - un - aud acro.s back, yoke, coVar and cutfc edged 3«
' K IOO Ostri h Fan', wotth from I3.50 to $4.50 »•<: °s-nS "™= Saturday nigh:. with lace, pearl butt ws, lock-sttch sewing,
. each; special We inesday only.. 0*ff% " inche-, 85c size— cut :..¦.;... .64C pr'ces a'wjjj fi.25 — special to-day __ U
tf -.';. .''.'.*..'.'.. r ..'...'. spBaCSSp 12 inches, 95c size -cut to. ...\.72c on'y .-
K 65 "b'strlch Fans, wcrJi frcm $5.00 to $7.50 13 inchc?, Ji.co size— cut to. 7Bc In'ant's Muslin Long Slips — Hemstit:hel SI
' S each; special Wednesday cn'.y £*** fSO I+ inchs V^- 10 size— cut to .87O ruffle on cuffs and yoke, price reg- %t^ "- 5
' 2* ...;...'..... *&¦** * *$ ** 1 5 jnche< $1 . 1 5 size— tut to Q2C u arly 45c— special to-c"ay on'y . . . 23 £ %
[|| Special Saie ®f 5 @ D and SOc Special Sale of |
; Jf IBgiii&S** Gotorsd IWohair GiiSBPSa \
5 it To-day. (Wednesday ). the big stcr; makes J&l§gaCa 33C !T<£}f*l/» Until closing tim; Saturday night w= will, sell X
I K another offering of the We offer^^for Wednesday only our. ngn'ar 50c Tampa Smokers, 3 for -S
Jf,\ Creamery -Buitsr, regular i'-ss^^y^ and 63cq : a'itie3 of English Mohairs (and 25C* These are exceEent Cigars, made %
jf iquires— p er squar; . ; . . .... ; they were excellent va'uei at those prices) at in Tamjtt, Florl'a, and one of the beit a 3 ar >f
I Liquor Specials .^^""^''SSo in thh |
; I for Wednesday. -n^ a i twelve m^t co :cri in the^e mo- **ose Support ers, %
1 fl Brandy— A vsfy good grade that se Is regu'arly r ha"rs— two shades of gray, two sha.'es of ¦ 20 B ntffiti BQJ* 1*3" Cm «
' jf: $2.75 per gallon— sprcial to-day. .$2 OO navy, two shades of garnet, myrtle, brown, 24 dozen pairs Ladie3* Frilled ElasdcSide Hoss Si
\ K R. B- Haydcn V hsky— Regular y Jlloo a caiet blue, niie and lavender. Several of Suppcrters, a good make with rubheT button "2
: J bo tie— special to-day cn'y :....... ..S/O thes: shades ma!« very pretty wai ts and fistener3 — black, pink, light bine, ctrdina', %
'¦ Jf Sautemt—A- good -sound table wine, regubr.y Eeparate skirts, and others arc used for ser- orange and lavender; every day scllen — _ ' Jf
** K |i.co" a gal'on— -special to-Jay on'y. : .'. 75 3 vice ibis bathing suits. > r y^',.>_ at 20c a pair— to-day on!y ... 74S •**
THE i EMPOBITJM.
THE EMPOBrCTM.
THE EMPORIUM.A TRANSMITTER WITH MEGAPHONE ATTACHMENT IS PLACED IN
THE CAVE OF THE ..WINDS AND THE STUPENDOUS ROAR OF THE
F.ALLS TRAVELS MILES AWAY TO NEW YORK. -
ALONG distance telephone transmitter with megaphone attachment has been
. installed in the Cave of the Winds at Niagara Falls, in order that the stu
pendous, deafening roar of the Falls of Niagara may be transmitted over
the Bell telephone .lines to New York, Buffalo, the Pan- American Exposi
tion and other places.
The megaphoni catches up the roar of the falling waters, leads it into the tele
phone transmitter, from which it passes into the telephone exchange at Niagara
Falls, where the roar is supplied at the will of the operators to subscribers, or is
turned into the long distance lines, which carry it to New York or to the Bell tel
ephone exhibit in the electricity building of the Pan-American Exposition.' It 13
heard over the telephone with wonderful realistic intensity, and one can easily im-'
agine the tumbling, tossing, plunging waters striking the rocky talus in front of
the Cave of the.Winds. . < , .
THE CALL'S efforts in behalf of wireless telegraphy are meeting
with the approval of those who are familiar with the workings of
the Marconi system. Since July, 1900, monthly reports have been
sent to Washington by the chief signal officer of the Department of
California certifying to the efficacy of the wireless system in use be
tween Alcatraz Island and Fort Mason. This system was installed
under the supervision of Lieutenant Rieber, now a lieutenant
colonel on General Miles' staff. .
, The Weather Bureau chief has also been receiving reports from Govern
ors Island, New York, where a similar system was installed a year ago. The
plant at Fort Mason has only been used for practice by the signal corps men
stationed here. It was erected for test purposes, and, proving successful,
was allowed to remain, as at any time a break in the cable connecting
Alcatraz Island /with the mainland might occur. On many occasions the sig
nal corps men have used it as a means of communication, and at ho time has
it failed to work.
' It is not entirely the Marconi system that is in use here and at the New-
York fort. The signal corps men, under the direction of Lieutenant Rie
ber, sought to improve upon the invention of the Italian inventor. They suc
ceeded, and since the erection of the plant here have had no difficulty in
keeping it in working order at a very low, cost.
UNCLE SAM'S ARMY SUCGESSFULLY
— USING WIRELESS TELEGRAPHY
. CORONADO • TENT; CITY. 7 Coronado i Beach,"
Cal.,,;wlU .be't the ponular, summer resort, this
season. " ] It became famous . last : year f or .; com
lort, ¦: entertainment 'and ; health. Its splendid
cafe was a", wonder. ;the fishing unexcelled.-. )•••
In the City of Mexico there are 10C pri
vate artesian s wells ' and eleven public
ones. This number .will soon be increased
for, at the present .time, many proDertv
owners . are having wells ¦ bored in their
yards. 'I ¦• - .'¦ :; ,-¦¦ . ,- • ¦ ¦¦¦ ... . ¦
: ' President Kruger ; has .. kept his ¦ threat I to stagger
humanity before surrendering, i but - what . shall we say^
of Bryan Y attempt \ to stagger .the ; Supreme Court ?
Two negroes have' been lynched in Louisiana for
the crime of : being, enemies of - the whites. As the
lynchers are enemies of the- negroes and one face has
as much right to kill as the other, lively 'times may
be expected. ¦ .. V' " ~
The Mobile Register notes that a good many Dem
ocrats are' saying if they /do not like the; new consti
tution of Alabama" they, will vote against' it, and com
mends the stand. Possibly the Bourbon game may
be buste^ after all. : . V '
, Kansas is still in the. center of the stage. A revered
citizen of tjiat State haS been asleep continuously for
two months, and a Kansas private soldier; just returned
from' the; Philippines, after two years, of army'ser
vice, has bought a $2000 farm and paid cash, for, it out
of: the savings of his; army pay. As his pay was only
$332 for. the ; two years he served, it will be seen that
whilerKansas has a man sleeping two months she also
had one. wide; awake for two years.
The ; Duchess s ot York accepted several
Queensland opals during her Australian
visit. She did so with pleasure, having no
superstitions about the , stones whose
unique beauty the names of Mary Queen
of Scots and Henrietta Maria*.;- have
strangely linked with . misfortune. The
King does not share his daughter-in-law's
devotion' to the opal,> and the prevalence
of the prejudice against it was manifested
to him ; by; the many' letters of entreaty
and remonstrance which reached him dur
ing the talk about the addition of an opal
to the crown; jewels. To one such letter
from a popular novelist a' reply has lately
been received to the effect that his Majes
ty will not add in this : regard " to , the un
easiness of any ; of , his • subjects as i to the
head .which wears a'crown. . V t
ROYALTY AND. OPALS.
A Georgia establishment in a small town
bears this novel sign: • $
' "Coffins, soda water and J ice cream,
cheap for; cash."— Washington Star. ; •
-WASHINGTON,' June 25.— These Cali
fornians have' registered at the hotels:
Raleigh— John Robertson/ California. St.
James— Ii. ;G. Kauffman ' and wife; San
Francisco. Normandie— W. C. Bunner and
wife, San Francisco.- i; v . .
Calif ornians in : Washington.
, From Los Angeles— F. E. Clark, at the
Murray Hill; T. B- Mills, C. W. Reed and
wife, at the Grand Union; C. J. Balfour,
at the Broadway Central.
" From San Diego — A. M. Ferris and wife,
at the Sinclair;. Miss Grant, C. Grant, U.
S. Grant Jr., at the Murray Hill. .
From San Francisco— C Fitzsimmons, at
the St. Denis; H. S. McDonnel, at the Im
perial; S. Baumgardner, at the Grand
Union; C M. Bradley, at the Herald
Square; A. F. Conrad, at the Victoria; E.
N. Davis, at the Manhattan ;.E.McGrath,
at the . Metropolitan; W. S. Saalburg, at
the Imperial.- ".
' . Calif ornians in New .York.
NEW YORK, June 25.— The following
Calif ornians are in New York: .
Mrs. W. P. Wand and daughter of 1434
Leavenworth street have gone to Marl
posa County to spend the summer. (
Henry C. Bunker, caller of the Produce
Exchange, has returned from a three
weeks' trip to the East.,
A. J. Chandler of Phoenix, Ariz., is at
the Palace.
W. V. Fitzpa trick of San Antonio is at
the Occidental. ;
A. F. Afong of Honolulu is registered
at the Occidental.
F. J. Thomas, an attorney of Grass Val
ley, is at the Lick. >
J. AV. Walbridge, a merchant and mining
man of Yreka, is~at the Grand.
H. A. Stearns of Pasadena, a mlnufac
turlng druggist, is at the Grand.
Palace.
PERSONAL MENTION.
George Hays of Santa' Rosa Is at the
Lick.
R. W. Skinner of Marysville 13 at the
Grand. • '
A. P. Clantier of Anaconda is at the
Palace.
A. J. Waters of Los Angeles is at the
Tha announcement that a London firm
had for. sale EOOO dozen bottles of wine
from the cellars of Queen Victoria caused
widespread, interest' among connoisseurs
Royal, sales have been exceedingly f«w
but in the early part of the last century
an English auctioneer, sold the extensive
library. and collection of prints of Queen
Charlotte. No name was ¦ printed on the
catalogue, but the ownership was well
known. The King of Holland's collection
of pictures was one of the great sales
which distinguished the *50'a of the last
century, and Louis Philippe's was another
—the chief point about the last named be
ing a very fine collection of pictures"
chiefly .Spanisn, bequeathed by an Ens-*
lish gentleman, Mr. StandishJ "
SOME ROYAL SALES.
He^I should pay so. Why, if he saw a '
man walking off with his umbrella I don't
think he'd speak to him without an Intro
duction.—Yonkers Statesman.
She— You say be is very formal?
Mr. Blinks— Huh! Who's been smoking
those cigars you gave me last Christmas?
Mrs. Blinks— No one, dear. ' The lamp
was turned up too high, that's all.— New
York Weekly.
Mrs. Blinks— No one.
No Rival.— Mr. Blinks— Who has been
here? .
"Now, darling, I don't want you to give
me anything for my birthday, except the
promise you will be a good girl."
. "Oh, mamma, that's too bad, I've buyed
you somfin else."— Brooklyn Life.
The Artistic Tousle. — "Oh. May! how did
you get your hair arranged so beautiful
ly?" ' • '
"I did it up carefully, and then played
two games of basketball."— Puck.
Lodger— This week I shall have to owe
you my rent.
Landlady— That is what' you said last
week.
Lodger— "Well, didn't I keep my word'—
Tit-Bits.
If I were to go into Kansas to make
speeches," said the orator, "dd you think
I could get audiences?"
"Well," answered the resident of that
State," there's one way in which you
could insure yourself the most attentive
consideration. Tou might let it be under
stood that you are a farmhand looking
for work. But they would probably mob
you when they discovered the deception."
—"Washington Star. - .
She— They say it's love that makes the
world sro round.
He— And yet you can put bushels of it
in a letter and it won't make the letter go
unless you put a postage stamp on It
Yonker's Statesman.
"Well, that's easy."
"Oh, no, it's npt."
"All you have to do is to marry her."—
Yonkers Statesman.
She — Tou say you love the girl?
He— Madly. ; -
"And what does she say?"
"She asks me to learn to forget her."
A CHANCE TO SMILE.
"SHERMAN i IN SIGHT."
WHEN The Call installed a wireless telegraph
plant at the Cliff House, using the lightship,
nine miles out, as its ocean outpost, and
received the message,""Sherman in sight," it brought
in sight almost a new world. When the lenses were
fitted into a tube and the first tejescope was turned to
the stars, a universe was brought within range of the
assisted eye. There followed a' great intellectual
awakening in the small world that could comprehend
the vast. problems of mathematical and physical as
tronomy,: but to the mass of mankind the event was
without significance. . :
Not so with Morse's discovery of the telegraph, and
its application to ocean cables, and Marconi's inspira
tion that obsoletes the wire. These discoveries and
inventions are of the highest value to mankind. In
this age certainty and rapidity of communication be
tween distant points have become factors in the eco
nomic condition of the people of all the ,world, and
a necessity in commerce and politics. The fortunes
of a California wheat-grower may depend on prompt
news of the blowing of the rain-bearing monsoon in
India, or of the invasion of the Russian crop by the
fly. From far field, orchard and vineyard the spark
of electricity brings that information upon which men
may plan for future profit or prevent future loss.
When The Call station at the beach received
through the air the message, "Sherman in sight,"; it
meant in sight economies for the people of this State
amounting to millions. We do not boast in saying
that this first practical use of the wireless system was
as necessary to its acceptance and success as was the
patronage of Congress to the demonstration of
Morse's discovery. From- that moment the Marconi
system ceased to be an interesting laboratory experi
ment, and emerged- from the realm of speculation and
doubt. "
It was significant and proper that j the epoch
making message thrilled through the air from the
heaving bosom of the sea to the coast of California.
Here will be gained some of the first and greatest
benefits of wireless telegraphy. The weather service,
which is of such vast importance to our productive
interests, has been deprived of much of its power to
do good because it can get reports of meteorological
conditions from the land only, while the local weather
that may help or hurt our crops is affected by the con
ditions over the sea also. Secretary Wilson has de
termined to put a Marconi station on the Farallones,
which will give the signal office an outpost that is
not in sight from the shore. ' But who shall say that
that will be all? When Morse stretched his line from
Baltimore to Washington it was thought that would
be the maximum distance over which the current
could be sent by wire. Now, however, by use of the
local circuit and methods of reinforcement the world
is belted. Who, then, can limit the possibilities of
Marconi's discovery? If the Sherman could be seen
from the lightship when hull down and her coming
ticked to shore nine miles away, and if the Farallones
can be hailed twenty-four miles away and below the
horizon, who shall say that distance or the curvature
of the earth shall bar communication with Hawaii or
more distant land?
The signal service and the State Board of Trade
have gone far to demonstrate that our California rains
can be foretold three months in advance by knowing
the temperature on Unga and other islands of the
Aleutian Archipelago. The Japan current being the
source of our moisture and its evaporation depending
upon temperature, when that current deflects from. its
no"rmal course and enters Bering Sea through the
Aleutian passes, it parts with its warmth there, and
when it reaches us three months later chilled by its
Arctic wanderings it is as cold as the air and we get
no rain. Now with a Marconi station on Unga Island
communicating with Unalaska, we can know if the
rise of temperature on the archipelago in July, August
and September indicates that the current has gone
vagabonding and we are to miss our early rains. If
this theory of the cause of our droughts be true, and
by every known fact and all analogy it is true, the
command of knowledge of Aleutian conditions by the
signal service is worth millions to California.
All this came in sight when the Sherman was re
ported to The Call.
"About that time and later the Examiner was fill
ing its columns with reports that Tesla had tele
graphed to the planet Mars, and * by other devices
was seeking to cast ridicule upon Marconi and the
marvels born in his genius.
It is' interesting that the late Judge -Hastings was
the first man to discuss the probability that electric
currents in the air would transmit sound and energy.
He printed an essay on the subject about thirty years
ago that would be interesting reading now if it could
be found. > - . .
¦When Rockefeller visited the University of Chicago
the students greeted him with a song having the re
frain: "Rocks, rocks, rocks, give us loads of rocks,
gold, bullion, coin and ducats too." It is not a -very
lofty song, but perhaps it reached as high as the
Rockefeller intellect. .
ANOTHER PARTY.
A THIRD party has been born and brought up
in Missouri It has not been named yet, but
several of its parents are yelling various names
in a barrel, intending to take the one that sounds
best Its principal sire seems to be Mr. Merriwether
of St. Louis. He ran at the last election for Mayor
of that city as a Democratic bolter against the Gold
Democrat who was elected. His proceedings as a
pessimist and a progenitor give the lie to both ends
of his name. He is not merry nor a wether.
He talks of the republic in epitaphs, and believes
that freedom shrieked when he was beaten for Mayor.
He hopes to do something raising a new crop where
our ancient liberties are buried, hence his new party.
It is to bring about Government ownership of all
public utilities, railroads, telegraphs, steamer lines and
telephones. Along with this he will have the initia
tive and referendum, and full legal tender money is
sued by the Government in sufficient volume for busi
ness purposes, and the volume in proportion to the
population. It is evident that Mr. Merriwether in
tends to impress the members of his party with the
idea that the Government should furnish them with
money whether they have collateral or not But he
suggests a double ratio in the matter of. volume. There
is to be a volume sufficient for business purposes, and
also a volume in proportion to the population.
Does he intend that these two volumes shall be sep
arate or merged? Then how is he to have a volume
in proportion to the population unless he plainly
states the amount per capita? Again, suppose that the
volume in proportion to the population shall not be a
sufficient volume for business, or too large a volume
for business, how will he reconcile the two?
It will be seen that his financial scheme is a renewal
of all the old fallacies. General Weaver and the early
greenbackers taught their followers that it was the
duty of the Government to give every man all the
money he wanted. That implied the obligation to
give him more when the first lot was gone. It was a
proposition to enable every man to eat his cake and
keep it. Will Mr. Merriwether do that, or will he
have the Government compel every man to keep his
share of the money that will be issued in proportion
to the population?
It is said that Mr. Bryan favors this new party move,
and he should, for he proposed last year that every
man should draw interest instead of paying interest
on his note of hand. A cross between his system and
Mr. Merriwether's would inspire confidence in coun
terfeiting as a sounder system of finance.
Added to this bright and shining money scheme
the new party will have Government ownership and
operation of public utilities. All of the employes of
those enterprises are to work for the Government and
look to it for their bread and their butter, and busi
ness is to look to it for a sufficient volume of money,
and the people are to look to it for a volume of
money in proportion to the population, and after the
Government has been" doing all these things for
awhile the best friends of the republic would not
recognize it if they met it in the road at high noon.
When one reads this third party prospectus he
wonders what the members thereof think of the
fathers and founders of the government Our insti
tutions have been in operation only a little more than
a century. When they were founded we were the
weakest people on earth, and under them we have
become the strongest. In the arts of peace arid war
we hold the world at bay.- What right, then, have
these pseudo reformers to. demand a revolution in
those institutions?
In a century of administration mistakes have been
made and have been. corrected at great cost, but do
these galvanized reformers pretend that their fantastic
system will work infallibly and produce better re
sults? :'. . V
CHINESE ALLUREMENTS.
MINISTER WU. TING FANG and certain
supporters of his diplomacy are making an
earnest effort in the Eastern- States to pre
vent the extension of' the Chinese exclusion law. It
appears their arguments are addressed to the business
interests of the East, and they are promising all kinds
of advantages to manufacturers and to merchants if
our Government will withdraw its restrictions upon
Chinese immigration. -
In all that there is nothing surprising. Appeals to
commercial interests are common in our time, and
since such appeals have been j made by us to gain
support of our invasion of China, it is but natural that
astute Chinamen should make similar appeals in order
to win favor for a Chinese industrial invasion of this'
country. *
All of that is what might have been expected, but
there is something. curious in the kind of appeals
which the Eastern people admit to be alluring and
attractive. For example, the Springfield Republican
in describing the arguments of the Chinese diplo
matists says: "They also tellus that a plentiful supply
of Chinese labor would- enormously, develop the re
sources of the United States, particularly those of
the South, where material development has been slow.
The Chinese Consul General in New York talks al
luringly to Southern plantation owners when he says:
'Repeal the exclusion act and the Chinese will turn
the great marshes of the South into rice lands, and
in other parts they will huild great tea gardens.' The
negroes, who have furnished labor . to . the ' South for
a century, could -almost be exterminated -in .two ' or
three generations by the. competition of coolies Chi
nese labor could transform the South in fifty years
it' could make Xuba a finely cultivated garden in
twenty-five* years." .
The Republican does not advocate a repeal. of the
restriction law, nor object to extend it for 'another
It would-be aboon to the States which have the
unhappy reputation of being proof against consump
tion. ; . . , ¦. , - : . -¦
Surely that is a precedent' for joint State' and Fed
eral action in providing a retreat for consumptives
where they may be isolated under circumstances the
most favorable to recovery and the best .adapted ; to
check or prevent infection of the * sound.
If the medical prbfession'in every State would com
bine upon such a. plan, it would be easy to secure co
operation of all the States in its execution, and such
a division of the first cost among the*" States, and with
the Federal "Government, as would make it easy of
accomplishment. The United States owns the' Hot
Springs of Arkansas. The therapeutic quality of the
waters was considered of such value that the Gov
ernment bought out all the private" rights there, and
the springs are run by a Federal superintendent.
It should be possible to form in some. such place
a reservation, provided with every appliance for the
comfort and cure of consumptives, for disinfection of
their excreta, and to make such reservation so de
sirable that all patients would' seek it voluntarily, as
all who are able to do so now seek the hot springs
for rheumatism and neuralgia, and Carlsbad for liver
and kidney diseases.
It may well be worth while to inquire into the fa
cilities for isolation offered by' certain desert * tracts
in Arizona. Near Phoenix there are already estab
lished camps of consumptives, but there may be found
mingling with them rheumatic, asthmatic and hay
fever patients, all seeking'the same dear, dry desert
air and congenial heal. Many a patient has in those
camps exchanged rheumatism for consumption, con
tracted • by infection.
It is evident that public opinion must accept and
back up some comprehensive plan for,, the isolation
and extirpation of this dreadful disease.
Consumption is a disease of. civilization. Primitive
people, like our Indians, who Jived naturally, knew
it not. But take an Indian and put .him in a house
and white man's clothes, and in nearly every instance
he will develop the disease. The analogy is plain.
If civilized people live in such climatic^conditions as
to require less clothing, less shelter, and to permit
the proper enjoyment of outdoor life, their return,
to that' degree, to the primitive and natural way of
life, lessens their liability to develop consumption.
But the disease is transmitted by infection, and when
its bacilli are present, distributed , in the sputa of suf
ferers, no climate is proof against it.
The sooner these Western States and Territories,
whose clement climate is their most valuable asset,
accept and act upon this conclusion the better it will
be for their future welfare.
Dr. Sewall's conclusion is: "That nothing is
clearer in the history of demography than the fact that
localities, if not climates, which were at one time fa
vorable to the recovery of the consumptive patient
later lose this beneficent power and even become h6t
beds of the disease through cases contracting it on
the spot. That is, consumption, though at first
exotic, later becomes indigenous."
. Southern California is having the same sad ex
perience, and our sanitary authorities have even con
sidered a quarantine against exotic cases and meas
ures to stamp out the disease within the State./
Minnesota has exactly the same history. v It has a
dry climate, favorable to outdoor life, and as there
were in pioneer times no cases of indigenous con
sumption it was widely advertised as a prophylactic
climate, and sufferers sought it with good results
that surprised medical men. The clear, dry air and
invitation to outdoor life effected cures as remark-"
able as any that are in the record of Colorado and
California. But the patients who found life there
seeded the State with death for others, and Minne
sota no longer boasts immunity, and has - fortunately
lost her reputation as a sanitarium.
The climate was no doubt kindly to sufferers who
had contracted the disease elsewhere, and the fact
that at first it did not originate there gave rise to the
belief that Colorado was consumption proof. This
flattering delusion* is dispelled by Dr. Sewall. who
reports that 13 per cent of the- local -deaths from
consumption are cases that originate in Colorado.
The greatest number of indigenous cases are in the
cities, but no par£ of the State is exempt from the
potential development of the disease. This condition
is due entirely to infection of the State from imported
cases. ,
THE State; of Colorado was inclined to resent
Dr. Sewall's report to the State Medical So
ciety that tuberculosis has become indigenous
there. , : • '" . ..'-.
CLIMATE AND CONSUMPTION.
It has been decided that the Santiago medal shall
bear the face of Sampson on one side, but there
seems to be a hopeless perplexity as to what shall be
placed on the other." A proposal to put the Oregon
there was set aside on account of Eastern objections.
If nothing better be, offered the thing might be made
to look pretty by a picture of.Hobson kissing a girl.
WEDNESDAY .......JUNE 26", 1901
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor. -
liinn'lll Cocmuiieatieni to W. 8. LEAKS, Manager.
MANAGER'S OFFlc J^-Ji-r^-T^}^^2^ZJ^Z^^^^-
PUBLICATION OFFICE.. .Market and Tuird, S. F.
Telephone Press 201.
EDITORIAL BOOMS 21T to 221 SteTen»on St.
Telephone Press 202.
Delivered 1»t Carrier*. 15 Cent* Per Weete.
Single Copies. 5 Cents.
Terms by Mall. Including Postage 1
DAILT CALL. (Including: Sum ay), one year t*-W
DAILT CALi, (Including Sunday). « month* »-«
DAILT CALL <lnclufilng Sunday), » months 1-50
DAILT CALL— By Single Month 65e
TPEEKLT CALL. One Tear 10 °
All postmasters ar* ftntl«ori»ed to receive
subscriptions. ,, : '- VI
Bample ecplea will be forwarded when requested.
M«!l rabcertbers In orferlnc cbanre of addrw rtjoold b«
particular to rlv» both NEW AND OLD ADDRESS In order
to Insure a prompt and correct compliance with their request.
O AKLAXD OFFICE 1118 Broadway
C GEORGE KROGrESS.
Ktsiger foreigB Adrertici&g, KargvetU Building, Chicago. .
(Long Distance Telephone "Central 26U.")
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C C CARLTOX '.... .Herald Square
NEW TORK REPRESENT ATTVE:
fTEPnES B. SMITH .SO Tribune Building:
NEW TORK NEWS STANDS:
Waldcrf- Astoria Hotel; A. Brentano. SI Union Square;
Unrray BUI EoteL
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
House: P. O. News Co.; Great Northern Hotel:
r>p »wi«"T>t TT<r»«» AofilteriOTn Hotel. ¦
twenty j'ears/ It says frankly enough, "the, Republi
can party would commit' suicide , were, it now to open
the gates to an unrestricted influx of Chinese labor."
It is therefore all the noteworthy that it should
'deem the promise of an^influ'x of cheap in the
South and West to be alluring; Had : the Chinese
Consul told, his audience in New York that Ghina
would furnish cheap labor to cultivate the abandoned
farms of ,New England- and operate the factories - of
Boston the Eastern press would hardly have regarded
that as an alluring suggestion: / They would have
called » it a menace. Why, then, should they not re
gard^he suggestion of an influx of Chinese into the,
South ¦ and the - Pacific Coast as eqnajly menacing?
Our Eastern friends must have very local ideas of
what constitutes an allurement. . ->v-. .'•
The Santa Fe Route train leaving San Fraa
ciaco 4:20 . p. ' m/ daily .; now runs through to
Fresno, making the' shortest time betw*«n Sta
Francisco,' Stockton, Merced ' and Fresno.
Good Service and Quick Time*
•The Santa Fe to Merced and stage thenc*
via Merced. Falls, CoultervlUe. Hazel Green
Merced. Big Trees, Cascade Falla and Bridal
Veil Falls to Sentinel Hotel. This gets you la
at 5 in the afternoon, which -la ahead of any
other line and costs you less.. .Ask at 641 Mar
ket at. for particulars." •
Quickest Way to Yosemita.
Official Route Christian Endeavorers
to Cincinnati, Ohio.
The Burlington Route' via Denver has been
selected as the official route. Through Pullman
Tourist Sleeping Cars to Cincinnati will leavo
San Francisco July 1 at 6 p. m. Tickets on
sale June 30 to July 1; rate, {78 50 for round
trip. July 1-3 we will sell round trip ticket*
to Detroit at {S3 25; July 3-4 to Chicago $72 JO,
and to Buffalo »S7. For sleeping car bertha
call on ' or address IV. D. Sanborn/ - General
Agent. «31 Market street.
Everything pertaining • to " the New World
may be easily and cheaply seen at the Pan-
American Exposition, and the best way to
get to Buffalo is by the comfortable trains
of tfaa Nickel Plate Road, carrying Nickel
Plate Dining Cars. In which are served Amer
ican Club meals from 35c to $1.00 eaoh. Book
free, showing pictures of exposition building*.
Hotel accommodations reserved. JAY W.
ADAMS, P. C P. A., 37 Crocker building,
San Francisco. Cal.
Are You "Of the Old "World"?
English is spoken by 130.000.000 peoola
in the United States and the British Em
pire.'
Special Information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by th«
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's;, 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
Cal. glace fruit 50c per 1b at Townsend'*.*
Choice candies. Townsend's, Palace Hottl*
' JOAN D* ARC— Reader, VaJleJo. Cal.
."The Personal Recollections' of Joan
d'Arc," published by the Harpers In 1S96,
were written by Mark Twain.
NO PREMIUM— W. H. S., Henry, Butts
County, CaL No premium is offered for
a $3 piece of 1838 nor for a 50 centime
piece of Emperor Napoleon III, 1S64. The
former is offered by dealers for $7 50 and
the latter for 20 cents. These figures give
the marlcet value of each. .
POLL TAX— A. S., City. The history of
bills presented at the last held session of
the California Legislature does not show
that there was any action taken in re
lation to section 2671 of the Political Code,
which authorizes employers to hold out
the amount of poll tax due by employes.
FORCE— N. S., City. If a force la ir
resistible, nothing can withstand it. If an
object Is immovable no force can stir it.
Consequently "what would be the result
of an irresistible force coining in contact
with an immovable object" is a question
to which there cannot be an answer.
SNAKES— H.' H. J., San Luis Oblspo.
Cal. The California blacksnake, with
white rings around the body, Is not a ven
omous reptile. The "coral snake," which
derives its name from the fact that it has
rings the color of coral, pink or deep red,
is cne of many different serpents, dome
of which are venomous and others are
not. "-V;--V,j
' CARDS— D. M. F., City.* Dr. Poole, an
authority on cards, says that the prob
abilities of the various hands falling to
any one player prior -to the draw are:
One pair, 13 against. one; two pairs, 20
against 1; threes, 45 against 1; straight,
254 against 1; flush, 509 against 1; full
hand, 693 against 1; fours, 4164 against 1,
and straight flush, 64,999 against 1.
FIFTEEN-BALL POOL— F. M. A..
Petalutna, Cal. Hoyle, in section 5 of
the laws of flfteen-ball pool or pyramid
or triangle pool, says: "If , the player
pockets one or more of the object balls
Ad his own ball at the same time he can
not score for the numbered balls, which
must be placed on the spot, or on a line
behind it, if the spot be occupied, and he
forfeits three for bis losing hazard."
HOURS AND COMPENSATION -M.
M., City. • The law which declares that
"eight hours a day shall constitute a
day's work for all laborers, workmen
and mechanics who may be employed by
or on behalf .of the Government of the
United States," was approved June 28.
1S6S. The act fixing the compensation of
laborers at $720 per year, for those "em
ployed by oV on behalf of the Govwrn
ment," was approved July 16, 1870.
• RAILROAD EUCHRE — Subscriber,
City, and Constant Reader, Gilroy, Cal.
In regard to playing alone In railroad eu
chre, Hoyle has the following: "If the
player elects to go alone he may call for
his partner's best' card, and discard any
In- his own hand, but either player of the
opposing side may also call for the best
card held by his partner, and if the latter
succeed in gaining a euchre his side 13
entitled to a score of four points." He
adds that "In all other particulars rail
road euchre is played in the same manner
as the regular §atne." In that game Hoyle
says: "The dealer, unless he turn down
the trump, must discard one card from
his hand and take up the trump card."
A WELL-FORMED WOMAN— A. Y. M.,
City.. Philip Martlny, a well-known sculp
tor, gives the following as the proportions
of a physically perfect woman: Height,
5 feet 6 inches; front measurements: neck.
4 Inches; across the shoulders, 15% Inches;
bust measure, 12 Inches: waist measure f
10 Inches across; 14 inches across the hlpsr
4 1-3 inches across just "above the knee;
at the calf, 4% inches; ankle, 2% Inches
across. Side and back measurements —
Neck, i% inches on the side; shoulder, 5
inches; waist, 7% inches; hips, 9% inches;
above the knee, 5 inches; at the knee, 4Va
inches; at the calf, 4% inches, and at the
ankle, 3 inches. The back across the
shoulders, 18 inches; at .the waist, 10
inches.
Another measurement by the same
sculptor is as follows: Height, 5 feet 6
inches; neck, 13% inches; bust measure,
34; waist, 24^; hips, 34%; greatest meas
urement of URper leg, 22%,; knee, 13%; calf,
14%; upper part of arm, 11; elbow, 10;
wrist, 6%; length of arm from shoulder *to
finger tips, 30 inches.
A CAVEAT— C. H. V.. Knights Ferry.
Cal.— A caveat, under the patent law, is
a notice given toHhe office of the cave
ator's claim as inventor, in order to pre
vent the grant of a patent to another for
the same alleged invention upon an ap
plication filed during the life of a caveat
without notice to the caveator.
Any citizen of the United States who
has made a new invention or discovery,
and desires further time to mature the
same, may on payment of a fee % of $10,
file in the Patent Office a caveat 'setting
forth the object and the distinguishing
characteristics of the invention, and pray
ing protection of his right until he shall
have matured his Invention. Such caveat
will be filed in the confidential archives
of the office and preserved In secrecy, and
will be operative for the term of one
year from the filing thereof. The caveat
may be renewed, on request In writing,
by the payment- of a second fee of $10.
and it will continue in force for one year
from the payment of such second fee.
The caveat must comprise a specifica
tion, oath, and. when the nature of the
case admits of - it, a drawing. ' and, like
the application, must be limited to a sin
gle invention or improvement.
IN ANSWER TO
, QUESTIONS OF
• GALL READERS
HOW NIAGARA'S ROAR IS
HEARD BY TELEPHONE
THE SAN FR^XCISCO CALL; .¦•/ WEDNESDAY,', JTJ^E 26; 1901.
6
Alcaiar— "Sapho."
Grand Opera House— "Fedora."
Central— "Uncle Tom's Cabin." •
Tivoli— "The Toy Maker."
Orrheum — Vaudeville.
Columbia — "TTnder Two Flagrs."
Olrtnpia, corner Maaon and Eddy streets— Specialties.
Chutes, Zoo and Theater— Vaudsvllle ever-r afternoon and
rv-enlns.
Fischer's— Vaudeville.
Sixteenth and Folsom streets — Scientific Boxing, Thursday,
July 4.
Eutro Bath*— Swimming.
AMUSEMENTS.
Bv F. H. Chase & Co. — Thursday, June 27, at 11 o'clock
Horr-es, at 1732 Market street.
Ey S. Watkins— Friday, June 28, at 11 o'clock. Horses, at
corner Tenth and Bryant streets.
By W. M. G. Laj-ng— Thursday. July 27, Horses, at Oak
wood Park Stock Farm.
AUCTION SALES.
TO SUBSCRIBERS LEAYING TOWH FOR THE SUMMER.
Call ¦ subscribers contemplating a chance of
Mtideaee daring: tbe summer months can haT«
*»»lr paper forwarded fcy mall to their new
addresses by notifying Tke Call Business Office.
Tkts paper will also be on sale at all summer
¦•¦soils and is represented bV a. local m,meat im
•U towas •» the coast.i President McNear and Secretary, Fried
lander of the new Merchants' Exchange
of San Francisco yesterday addressed a
circular letter to persons and firms who
.would be desirable members of the ' ex-.
' change, the purpose being to Induce them
to join. The present membership is re
ported in the circular to be .400. At least
1000 members are desired and the circular
sets forth that there Is no reason to sup-'
pose that there will not soon be that num
ber, as the' merchants of the "city have
begun to realize the importance and pos
sibilities of the situation. ;
¦ The payments o"n~ the j Merchants' Ex
change property, which has been purchas
ed, for $300,000, have amounted to $200,000,
and more than the balance due has been
advanced by a number, of persons and In
stitutions. ' The benefits that will accrue
to the city by reason of the organization
of the merchants, shippers and all those
who are engaged in the grain, hay, prod
uce, coal and lumber trades, wholesale
and retail/mercantile trades, the banks,
Insurance companies and financial insti
tutions of the city, are stated.
The Intention Is announced of preparing
plans immediately for a new and modern
building on the site of the present Mer
chants' Exchange building, to b© a home
for all time for the financial and com
mercial interests of the city, wherein all
the different branches of business repre
sented in the exchange can meet. The at
tractions of the exchange, which have not
been previously enumerated, will include
large and convenient halls and bulletin
boards upon which will appear telesrraphlc
reports of the markets of the world, in
cluding financial reports „ from America
and European countries, shipping news
from every port in the world in which the
commerce of San Francisco Is concerned,
quotations of the New York stock mar
kets, grain market quotations and grain
statistics from all parts of the world;
dally Quotations of coffee, sugar and cot
ton. There will also be reading rooms,
a statistical library and all conveniences
for conducting correspondence. .
The directors have adopted by-laws in
which there arc several provisions that
are of general Interest. A committee on
trade and commerce is provided for to re
port rules for 1 he sale, purchase, trans
portation and custody of the different ar
ticles dealt In by the several branches
of trade represented In the exchange; to
establish relations with similar commer
cial organizations in the United States
and other countries to the end that uni
formity of practice may obtain in mat
ters of common Interest; to receive sug
gestions of possible benefit to commerce
and trade and to report upon them with
recommendation s.
H. ,1—1—1 £ ' ' ™ "¦ - .
Membership May Include One
. Thousand Firms and
Individuals.
Invitations Issued for
Men of Business. ¦¦;
EXCHANGE PLAN
IS DEVELOPING
Low Round-Trip Rates West-Bound
for Home-Seekersu ..
One limited fare, plus $2, from. the East
to California and, return, via Southern
Pacific/on home-seekers' excursions;'semi
monthly, this summer. Southern Pacific
agents will be glad to furnish free Cali
fornia literature for, Eastern, friends and
accept deposits 'for tickets. Short line
from .all \ the : principal - Eastern ¦ cities.
Tourist excursions personally;- conducted.
Call on nearest agent Southern Pacific. ;¦
"VS'ILk PROBABLY 'LOSE HIS HAND— A.
Padden. while at .work in the Bowers Rubber
Factory on Commercial street yesterday, got hr|
left hand caught in the revolving cutter. • The
hand was badly crushed and it may have to be
amputated at the wrist. Padden lives with his
parents at 113V4 Lily avenue.
The popular music to be used during the
convention will consist of buch songs as
are familiar to all Protestant religious or
ganizations. The famous Park sisters and
other celebrities will also be present and
assist in making the music of the con
vention one of its features to be most
pleasantly remembered. •
The speakers who have been selected to
address the different meetings of the con
vention are more than 100 in number and
have been chosen from among the most
prominent religious leaders of the coun
try. In addition to the - regular pro
gramme, many additional evangelistic ex
ercises are being , planned and visiting
clergymen will appear, in* nearly every
pulpit in San Francisco, either at the
time of the convention or immediately
following It. Everything connected with
the affair is said to be progressing
smoolhly-and its success Is assured.
Sections of the chorus have been prac
ticing weekly for several months in Los
Angeles, Oakland, Fresno, . Sacramento,
San Jose and in this city. On the after
noon of the day on which f ho grand con
cert is to be held, the chorus will hold a
mass rehearsal in Mechanics' Pavilion.
The music for the meetings and concerts
has been selected from the best works of
the masters, and when rendered by such
a large number of voices, with the accom
paniment of the immense organ, the effect
will undoubtedly be most inspiring.
The musical programme arranged for
the Epworth League Convention will bo
one of its most attractive features. The
committee in charge of that portion of
the exercises has spared no trouble or ex
pense in its efforts to secure talent and
appliances worthy of the Important event,
i The great pipe organ, which Mrs. Stan
ford has had built for Stanford Univer
sity, has been loaned by her to the league
for use during the convention, and will be
a great attraction for the visitors. This
organ will accompany the grand chorus of
2000 voices which has been organized in
California for the occasion.
EpVvorth Leaguers to Be
Welcomed With an-
Immense Chorus.
SPLENDID MUSIC
FOR CONVENTION
"The California Powder Works,. In my
oplnion.had no just cause for complaint.
Its total assessment In the State of all
its property. Including the franchise, was
only 44 per cent of the amount for which
the property has been selling in , the open
market for more than a year past. The
franchise tax, as fixed by, me,- if paid by
the company would have '- reduced the
yearly dividends of the stockholders only
25 cents on $12— that is to say; the yearly
dividends to these stockholders, who pay
no tax on their stock, would have- been
reduced from $12 per year on each share
of stock to $11 75."
"I have reason to believe," said Asses
sor . Dodge, "that the State Board of
Equalization will not permit the Assessor
of any county to grossly undervalue for
assessment purposes such franchises,
thereby diminishing the State revenue
which they should yield. All such taxes
paid to the State lower the State rate of
taxation and thus benefit the taxpayers
in all counties. The Assessor of no one
county, therefore, should be permitted to
deprive other counties of the benefit of
such revenue In order that his j county
may profit in a . smaller degree by
his failure to properly assess such fran
chises. . . ¦'¦¦¦•.
The State Controller yesterday directed
the Tax Collector to withdraw from sale
the real estate of the California Powder
Works, securing the taxes on Its fran
chise, which it has neglected to pay. Fol
lowing this action the Attorney General
of the Stato will buo the corporation for
the amount of taxes delinquent on the
assessment of its franchise. . This Is a
procedure which the State rarely resorts
to, but which the revenue law recognizes
whenever the amount of taxes Involved
is in excess of $300. As the State, as well
as the city and county of San Francisco,
Is directly Interested in the collection of
these taxes it will inaugurate the neces
sary legal steps to enforce such collection.
The California Powder Works, accord
ing to Assessor Dodge, is the only pri
vate corporation which has removed Its
office from San Francisco as a result of
the assessment on Its franchise. Shortly
after the assessment last year the cor
poration removed Its principal place of
business to Contra Costa County. Should
the Assessor of that county refuse to as
sess its franchise the State would loso
the revenue to be collected therefrom.
State Controller Is to
Proceed Against
Corporation.
FRANCHISE TAX
MUST BE PAID
B. H. Stevens is a newspaper reporter
and employed on the Nome Gold Digger.
"William McPhee, familiarly known as
"Bill," is -one of Alaska's pioneers. " Mc-
Phee was one of the first settlers of both
Dawson.and Nome and Is prominent in
mining circles of both towns.
The City Councllmen have given public
satisfaction ever since they took their
seats. The launching of a new govern
ment and the redemption of the town
from chaotic lawlessness was a task of no
small magnitude, but the Councllmen suc
ceeded in establishing a first rate govern
ment within two weeks after they were
sworn in.
J. B. Harris Is a former San Franciscan.
He is one of the owners of the Golden
Gate Hotel, which was destroyed in the
recent fire.
Alaska, He was one of the first settlers
of Nome, and is the proprietor of the
Dexter saloon.
p»yi«aHE first City Council of Nome.
II Alaska, which was elected recently
I under th© Incorporation of the
II town. Is composed of some of the
most representative business men.
cf the city. All seven of the Councllmen
were elected on the regular ticket.
Tex Rickard, proprietor of the North
ern Saloon, who is well known In all the
mining camps of Northwestern Alaska,
received the highest vote on the ticket
J. F. Giese. who received the second
highest vote and who was later elected
ex-officio Mayor, conducts the largest
hardware establishment in Nome. He is
also proprietor of the Lawrence Hotel,
one of the best hostelries in that section
of Alaska.
Captain Gieger is the sole owner of a
large traffic bridge which spans Snake
River connecting Nome proper with its
suburb, the Sand Spit.
Charlie Hoxle Is well known all over
Representative Citizens Elected to Bring Order Out of Chaos on the
Bleak and Frozen Shores of Northwestern Alaska* ,
COUNCILMEN WHO FRAME THE LAWS
FOR THE HARDY MINERS OF NOME
THE SAN FBA^CISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY; TONE 26; 1901.
MEMBERS OP FIRST COUNCIL
ELECTED AT THE CITY OF
NOME.
7
••M-I-M ¦I"I"M 1 H I -I- I"I--I"Z"I-I-'I"I--I--I-rI"I"I--I- I"l"M-W-M"M-:-H"I"I"l; I 1 1 1 1-M-fcO
I Attention! I n f||p@ 9 j
:: Remarkable Purchase *. ¦¦ il
dUSIS H I
I >K O'BRIEN & CO. I
*• Ape pleased to announce that they will ?
j place on sale THIS DAY. the following ?
j remarkable bargains purchased at a ±
+ heavy discount from J. 'Greenfeld, a |
*: renowned manufacturer.
ij 750 CHILDREN'S and MISSES' SUITS .(ages 6 to 14), J
• • all wool,. handsomely embroidered with braided gold, *
yl will be placed on sale at..$2.00, $2.25, $2.50 and $3.00 £
± 100 ALL-WOOL TAILOR-MADE SUITS, in black, J:
•• brown, blue and gTay, will be placed on sale at.. ....$2.90 '.'.
••200 TAILOR-MADE SUITS' in navy, brown; blue, black I:
;; . and gray, will be placed on sale at ...... $4.00 II
••190 EXTRA TAILOR-MADE SUITS, in all the latest II
£ shades, will be placed on sale at. .$5.00 II
T 490 SILK WAISTS in all the latest styles will be placed on ]\
J sale at ............ V. $3.00 ::
II 150 UNDERSKIRTS, in all the latest styles and shades, on ••
& sale at ... $1.75 J
? Entire stock of WHITE '. and COLORED WASH J;
± / WAISTS reduced 50 per cent. t
{ d. U'DItlJjlM- Ou Woj I
I 1146 MARKET STREET. |
AMUSEMENTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
%? U hm U Itrl EbE £4 leading theatre
Chronicle— A remarkable study of character.
Examiner— An incontestably brilliant per-
formance.
Call — A colorful, thrlllinsr melodrama.
Bulletin — A lavish, glamorous setting.
Every night (except iTllTllT'Tl
Sunday), matinee Sat. R ill BJ II
chap£5t vi nil
pISd^n. - U11DU11--
By Arrangement with
DAVID BELASCO. \^*
Paul M. Potter's /^Smtf
Drama on . *s^"
Oulda's Celebrated TIT * A Ci ft
BLANCHE BATES flirt llU
as "CIGARETTE." lUllWM
Seats for SECOND WEEK, Including*
SPECIAL HOLIDAY MATINEE July 4
READT TO-MORROW MORNING.
MATINEE TO-DAY, WEDNESDAY, June 16.
Parquet, 25c, any ceat; balcony, lOo; chil-
dren, 10c, any part except reserved.
A NEW COLLECTION OF VAUDEVILLE'S
FAVORITES.
EMILY LYTTON, CHARLES BOWSER AND
COMPANY. EZRA KENDALL. GARDNER
• AND VINCENT, SISTERS MAHR.
ODELL WILLIAMS AND COM-
PANY, COLE AND DE LOSSE.
THE BIOGRAPH AND LAST
WEEK OF THE EAST
INDIAN PYGMIES.
"Fttma »nd Smaun,"
Who will continue their receptions to children
after matinee performances.
qSanD' OPEftA HOUSE
FAREWELL WEEK OF
MELBOURNE MacDOWELL
Supported by FLORENCE STONE.
In SARDOtrS GREAT SOCIETY DRAMA.
FEDORA
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
A Souvenir 'Photograph of Mr. MacDowell Will
Be Presented - to Every One Attending 1
the Saturday Matinee.
PRICES • We, 15c, 25c,. BOc. 75c
Good Orchestra Seat, All Matinees,', 25c.
Branch Ticket Office— Emporium.
NEXT WEEK— T. Daniel Frawley Presents
"THE ONLY WAY." Superb Cast, Including
E. J. Morjtan, John Mason, Theodore Roberts
and Katherlne Grey.
MATINEE TO-DAY (Wednesday)— 10c. 15c, 25c.
TO-NIGHT, ALL THIS" WEEK.
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
Mammoth Spectacular Revival of:
UNCLE TOM'S CABIN
On a Scale of Magnificence Never Before Ap-
proached on This Coast.
Buck and Wing DanclnR, Cakewalks, Blood-
/ hounds, Negro Melodies, Etc.
DD!rrC Evenings..... ..:10c, 15c, 25c, 85c, BOo
rKlvCd Matinees... 10c, 15c. 25c
Next Week— The popular actor, JAMES M.
BROPHY, in the great play. "Davy Crockett."
JIJLY4,
BEFORE 'SAN FRANCISCO ATHLETIC CLUB
SIXTEENTH AND FOLSOM STS., 2 P. M..
JACK MOFFAT
OF CHICAGO
VS.'
GEORGE GARDNER
OF BOSTON. ,
—FOR ' MIDDLE-WEIGHT—
" CHAMPIONSHIP OF THE WORLD.
ALi NEILL of San Francisco
¦ J - ; -y ¦'¦:.:: vs.- • ¦. ¦ •" "
CHARLES; (Dutch) THUHSTONi
. : TWENTY . ROUNDS EACH. : - ; ,
CHUTES AN]D_ZOO
a 'galaxy of vaudeville stars.
to-morrow night, /t*';' *
THE AMATEURS
And a LADIES' -HEAVYWEIGHT LIFTING
. ,- CONTEST.
••-..-¦ Telephone, for Seats— Park 23. ,
PTCPHTTR'Q CONCERT HOUSi-
£ lOOri Jilt O Admission 1O..
CHARITY . MAQTIN. '•-. Sle. -'Abramoff, V. Mur-
phy and Hart, Lillian Levey, 'Arthur Parent,
Charles - Chenoweth,-. Ed 1 B..' Adams, ? Alice Bar-
nunr and Stanley : and ;Waltcn. ¦ . ¦¦: > .
• Reserved Seats, 25c. Matinee Sunday.- .-
Fels & Co., makers, Philadelphia.
Your grocer returns your
money if you are disappointed
in it.
iYou will be glad of this news:
Fels-Naptha soap (which is nap-
tha and soap) saves half the work
,.;•? 1 .-. ¦ '1 . ' «
of washing.
A T> V KF-TTSE'M'flVTfl-
ADVERTISEMENTS.
STATEMENT
- OF THE ¦
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
DELAWARE
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF PHILADELPHIA, IN THE STATE OT
Pennsylvania, on the 81st day of December,
A. D. 1900, and for the year ending on that
day, as made to the Insurance Commissioner of
the State of California, pursuant to the pro-
visions of sections 610 and 611 of tha Political
Code, condensed as per blank furnished by tha
Commissioner: -'-w-
CAPITAIj.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid tip
in Cash roa.875 00
ASSETS.
Real Estate owned by 'Company $182,500 00
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages 128,700 00
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company 8S0,83« CO
Amount of Loans secured by pledge
of Bonds. Stocks and other market-
able securities as collateral ' 50. COO 00
Cash in Company's Office 469 43
Cash in Banks 157,197 66
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans 13,749 50
Interest due and accrued on Bonds
and Mortgages ' t.813 34
Premiums' in due course of Collection 112,231 46
Bents due and accrued 639 23
Total Assets I1.S07.201 87
/JABILITIE3. • .
Losses adjusted and unpaid $1,236 53
Losses in process of Adjustment or
in Suspense - M.493 «
Losses resisted, including expenses.. 1.87o CO
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run- -••.-•=.
nlng one year or less, $360,609 60;
reinsurance 60 per cent 1S0.3M 80
Gross premium on Fire Risks run-
ning more than on« year. |663.-
949 61; relnsuranpe pro rata 348,578 00
Amount reclaimable by the Insured
on perpetual fire Insurance policies 108,924 M
Cash dividends remaining unpaid.... 77 00
Total Liabilities $699.5*9 30
INCOME.
Net cash actually received for Fire
premiums • $684,999 64
Deposit premiums on perpetual risks 14,613 13
Received for Interest on Bonds and
Mortgages 4.529 IS
Received for Interest and dividends
on Bonds. Stocks, Loans and from
all other sources 48.822 17
Received- for Rente 9,820 CO
Received, from all other sources 1,112 50
Total Income $761,698 68
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for Fire Losses <ln-
cludlng $61,394 45, losses of pre-
vious years) *"!¦&.!
Deposit premiums returned 4,593 81
Dividends to Stockholders 42,132 50
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 146.882 44
Paid for Salaries, Fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc.... 72,702 30
Paid for State, National and Local
taxes • »... 20.505 84
All other payments and expendi-
tures - 71.91123
Total Expenditures $S42.344 6i
Fire.
Losses Incurred during the year...*; $475,730 00
"Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of risks
written during the
Year --- $94,502,824 $1,084.953 73
Net amount of Risks
expired during the
year 79,401,168 996.247 70
Net amount in force
December 31. 1900 106.836.046 1.024.553 21
CHAS. H. TARXALL.- Vice Prest.
HENRY LTLBURN. Sec'y.
Subscribed and sworn to before me, this 21st
day of January, 1901.
. RICH'D H. REILLT.
Notary Public
EDWARD BROWN & SOMS,
GENERAL AGENTS, .
411-13 California St., San Francisco, Cat-
ROBERTSON & NIPPERT,
CITY AGENTS,
- 216 Sansoms Street."
; STATEMENT
OF THE — -
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE — —
AMERICAN FIRE
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF PHILADELPHIA. IN THE STATE O»
Pennsylvania, on the 31st day of Decem-
ber. A. D. 1900. and for the year ending- on that
day, as made to the Insurance Commissioner of
the State of California, pursuant to the pro-
visions of sections 610 and 611 of the Political
Code, condensed aa per blank furnished by the
Commissioner. *•«»
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid np In
Cash $500,000 00
ASSETS. ~ — — —
Real Estate owned by Company...... $404,379 50
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages 936,473 55
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company 807,710 23
Amount of Loans secured by pledge
of Bonds. Stocks, and other mar-
ketable securities as collateral..... 1,806 00
C-.sh In Company's Office 9,310 61
Cash in Banks 133,033 29
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans 95 00
Interest due and accrued on Bonds
and Mortgages 15.243 74
Premiums in due Course of Collection . 133,139 87
Interest and Rents due 7,260 0*
Ground rents, well secured 20,320 00
Rents accrued 231 23
Total Assets ..J3.477.063 00
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid.... $37,170 40
Losses in process of Adjustment or
In Suspense 82.941 N
Losses resisted, including expenses.. 6,991 55
Gross premium* on Fire Risks run-
nlnp one year or less, $1,039,501)2;
reinsurance SO per cent 519,250 94
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning mora than one year. $1,013-
354 18; reinsurance pro rata 806,377 13
Amount reclaimable by the Insured
on perpetual firs Insurance policies (77,177 48
Total Liabilities .$1.739.708 M
•$* INCOME. — — —
Net cash actually received for Fire
premiums $1,203,208 33
Deposit premiums on perpetual risks. 26,793 45
Received for Interest on Bonds and
Mortgage* 50,377 53
Received for Interest and dividends
on Bonds, Stocks, Loans, and from
all other sources 40.660 21
Received for Rents 8.8S4 00
Received from all other sources 3,815 43
Total Income .$1,433,708 W
EXPENDITURES. ~
Net amount paid for Fire Losses (in-
cluding $170,385 32. losses of previous
years) $987,738 2*
Deposit premiums returned 13.154 37
Dividends to Stockholders '. $5,000 00
Paid or allowed for Commission or -
Brokerage 294,989 83
Paid for Salaries. Fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc... 48,100 00
Paid for State. National and Local
taxes ' 47.835 63
All other payments and expenditures 174,347 93
Total Expenditures .$l.<06,ns 07
Fire.
Losses Incurred during the year $943,455 98
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
written during the
¦ year $198,369,867 $1,697,334 16
Net amount of Risks
expired during the
» year 190,631.410 1.624,128 91
Net amount in force .
December 31, 1900 187,413.199 2,050,858 10
-. ¦¦¦¦ THOS. H. MONTGOMERY, Prest.
RICHARD MARIS. Sec'y.
Subscribed and sworn to before me. this 1st
day of February. 190L H. E. REARDON.
Notary Public. "
EDWARD BROWN & SONS,
GENERAL AGENTS. 1 , ' ,
411-13 California St., San Fran:Isco, Cal.
C J\. HENRY&CO,,
CITY AGENTS,
'215 Sansome Street.
Mly Gal $1.00 w fc
"Although Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets
ere advertised and sold in drug stores, yet
I consider them a most valuable addition
to any physician's line of remedies, as
they are perfectly harmless and can be
given to children or invalids or in any*
condition of the stomach with perfect
safety, being: harmless and containing
nothing but fruit and vegetable essences,
pure pepsin and Golden Seal.
"Without any qestion they are the
Bafest. most effective cure for indigestion,
biliousness, constipation and all derange-
ments of the stomach, however slight or
severe * 1 .
A Kvw DUcerery. but Kot a Piled Ktditlnt.
Dr. Hedwell relates an interestlngr ac-
count of what he considers a remarkable
case of acute stomach trouble and chronic
dyspepsia by the use of the new discov-
«ry, Btuarji's Dyspepsia Tablets.
ty Stuart'a Dyspepsia
Tablets.
Instantly Relieved and Permanently Cured
Fron Dyspepsia and Stonaoh Trouble.
111 L.v-' 1 1 Ov
Suffering
A CHICHEBTER'S ENCUOH
Kj '~&C~^.' ' * OrijtlnttT nml Only Cenulne. " •¦
f*k\ S&Sjl; fcr CH1CHESTEIVS ENGLISH
tf'^**«>^\in liEJ) and Gold nmtaUlo buxej. wale.1
"W —-. ikf-A wlth hln0 ribbo »- Toko no other. Kef u*3
T?l <T i «i Wj| Ponitcroun Subatltiittort* and Irultn-
¦'( / ¦' ' f/J **«»»»•»• Buy of your DruggUt. or »end4o. lo
I •"¦ HT-»«t»n>P» for P«rtlcalnr«, Tentlmonlnlo
\ V . f? and Relief for L»dlem" <n if t tor, by re.
_-\ ¦ fr ¦ torn Mull. 1 1 0,000 Tutlmosialii. Sold bi
-¦ ' «>1 DrufiSi««. - •¦ > Chlche«ter Chemical Oo_
U«ntionUili paper. Msditan Sauare, PII1LA., PA.
j^^^ VIM, VIGOR, VITALITY torMEN
MORMON BISHOP'S PILLS
Aw^A, l$a have tbeen In use over fifty
fife^^&a y ' ars by the l ea(J er3 o f the
: BTOJSsSsJIbsSI .'Mormon Church and their fol-
R^J®JKfss53 lowers. Positively cure the
Srfy/'/V^ $ExI ' worst cases in old and young
VmL'&S.V Mow arising from effects of uelf-
\KknPlPftyii abuse, dissipation, excesses or
\5»Ki*S«*' cigarette-smoking. Cure Lost
' Manhood, Impotency, Lost
sSSSBwr • - Power, Night Losses, 1 Insom-
nia," Pains In Back. Evil Desires, Lame j Back,
Nervous Debility, Headache, Unfltness to Mar-
ry, Lobs of Semen, . — «¦ j~. Varlcocele orCon-
stljiation. Stop Nehfjj rvons # Twitching
of Eyelids.- Effects trf.jrrL are. immediate.
Impart " vigor and*-** 1 -" * *" potency to every
function. • Don't get despondent; ;a cure la at
hand. Restore ' small, '' • undeveloped : organs.
Stimulate the brain and nerve centers; 50c a
box; 6 for J2 50 by mall. A written jfuarantee
to euro or money refunded with 6 boxes. . Cir-
culars free. Address BISHOP, REMEDY CO..
40 Ellis- st.,: San Francisco, Cal. GRANT
DRUG CO., 38 and 40 Third st. . .
DR. NG TOY KEE.
.^-^•v . DR. NO TOY KEE
/. X — 210 STOCKTON ST o'pp
F W r. - ei Deo * 10 ' 190 °-
Vr j/ Dear Sir: . For thirty
WSt.JT years I have suffered bo
JFJrV >>," that at tlmoa Ufa felt al-
0Bt ""^"rable. The dlf-
— jfBSSmB ferent physicians I consult-
filifflL 'jmNBhSF ed could g i ve ma n ° relief,
tlon of kidney troubles,
etc. I was • constantly
feverish, pain In my side and had night
sweats. I am happy to say that with a month's
treatment and • your herb medicine I am to-
day a •well woman. And take great pleasure in
giving this testimonial, and hope, you publish
it so the public may know of your wonderful
skill. Yours sincerely, .. • .
MRS. MARIA BUETERSLOH.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
* jp *l§liili|jy
Three-piece ilahorany Parlor Set,
upholstered in satin tapestry or velour
•••••• 913.0O
Get an estimate from us on every-
thing- required to furnish your entire
establishment. Credit and free deliv-
ery within 100 miles. We cloie at six.
T. BRILLIANT
FURNITURE CO,,
338-342 POST STREET, ti
Opposite Union Square. I
He says: "The patient was a man who
had suffered, to my knowledge, for years
with dyspepsia. Everything he ate seemed
to sour and create gases in the stomach.
He had pains like rheumatism In the
tack, shoulder blades and limbs, fullness
and distress after eating, poor appetite
and loss of flesh; the heart became affect-
ed, causing palpitation and sleeplessness
at nieht.
"I gave h!m powerful nerve tonics and
blood remedies, but to no purpose. As an
experiment I finally bought a 50-cent
package of Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets at
a drug store and gave them to him. Al-
most immediate relief was given and af-
ter he had used four boxes he was to all
appearances fully cured. ¦ —
"There was no more -acidity or sour,
¦watery risings, no bloating after meals,
the appetite was vigorous and he has
gained between 10 and 12 pounds in weight
of solid, heilthy flesh.
AMUSEMENTS.
"THIS WEEK POSITIVELY THE LAST."
EVENINGS AT 8.
"DON'T MISS THIS GREAT HIT-"
LAST TOY MATINEE SATUR-
DAY AT 2.
EVERT CHILD WILL GET A TOT.
THE
SUNDAT. JUNE 30-"BABES IN THE
¦WOOD."
Popular Prices 25c and BOc
Telephone — Bush 9.
ciLf h eat r e^MT
TO-NIGHT AND ALL THIS WEEK.
FLORENCE ROBERTS,
Supported by "WHITE WHITTLESET.
! In Her Greatest Success,
SAPHO
POSITIVELT ONE WEEK ONLT.
ONLY MATINEE SATURDAY.
Orchestra — First Six Rows — 75c.
SEATS SEC DAYS IN ADVANCE.
NEXT-"THE SCHOOL .FOR SCANDAL."
SUTRO BATHS.
OPEN NIGHTS.
Open dally from 7 a. m. to 11 p. m.
Bathlnc from 7 a. m. to 10:30 p. m.
ADMISSION 10c. CHILDREN Be.
Bathing, Including: admission. 25c: children. 20c.
| .„ pi$ Great Train
I A ° runs but t*Ice
|| per week during
I THURSDAY tt ™
U tuc Leaving at 9 am,
FJ I tit ,. A,
I il arrives in
I CALIFORNIA ||p
| LI I til! LfiJ Iti hlflU standard
|| cl servlco Is
| 0N . fully maintained.
HOTEL^
Visitors to San Francisco who mako
their headquarters at these hotels .en-
Joy comforts and conveniences not to
be obtained elsewhere. Desirable loca-
tion, courteous attaches and unequaled
cuisine. American and European plans.
| »GRAND HOTEL*
DDTTCUUC FOR BARBERS, BAK-
Ori U IJlTElO ers - bootblacks, bath-
!~ w * 1# **^ houses. , billiard Ubles.
brewers, bookbinders, candy-makers, canners,
dyero. flourmllls, foundries, laundries, paper-
hangers, printers, painters, shoe factories, sta-
blemen, . tar-roofers, .tanners, tailors, etc.
BUCHANAN BROS. •
Brush Manufacturers. 609 Sacramento S
W/vv\\vvwv\wvvwwvwwvw< ,
ig^~' EMS!
I A PERMANENT CURE 1
p . of the most obstinate cases of Gonorrhoea
cj- and Gleet, caaranteed in from 3 to 6 5 -'.
1 < i daya ; nc other treatment required. . s
5 ¦; ' . Sold by all druggists. . * < ¦Bay Co P C 5s.lO5 — [Oceanic S3 5s.W3^ —
Cal-»t 5s U3 — Omnibus R « 8 .l27 —
C C Water 6a.l!0 — iPac G Imp 4s. — 100
Ed L & P «a.l28«4133V4|Pk A C H Bs.lCS —
Fer & Cl R 6s. U7& — Pk A O R 53.117 —
Geary-st an.... — — Powll-st R «s.l20 —
H C.& S 5V4s.lC6i4 — Sac E O R 5s. — —
_ Do 5h ..101 102U S F & SJV Sa.120 121H
Los Ang R os.11414 — Plerra Cal Ca. — 110
L A Light 6s.. — 1C2 |s P of A 6a
Do gntd 6s..— 104 (19C3> 11314 —
Do gntd 5a. .103 — .(1910) U4>i —
L A A Pae 6s. 100 — S P of A 6s
Do 1 c m Bs.102% — (19C5). Scr A.tOS 10S*i
Market-st C 6» — 127VJ (1905>. Ser B.ICSSICSS
Do lorn 6a. 122% — (1906) ....:.. .109% —
Nev Co N G 7n — 113^4 (1912) 119 123
Nor R Cal 6s.U4mi3 3 P of Cal In
•Do 6s.... ...... lWfclttK ' cp smtd g Ss.107 -
Nor Pac C 6s. 101 — 'S P Br Cal 69.134%13S%
Do 5S.........108 lCS'i S V Water 6s.ll3ii -
Nor Cal n 5s.U0 113 Do 4s 102Vi —
Oak Gas 5s....U2H - v Do 4s. 3d m.101 -
Do Trans 63.118% — Stktn Gas 6s.. — —
Do Wat 5s..lO4Vi — .
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bld.Aek.l Btd.Ask.
4* quar eoup..U34U4u!4s qr cp (n«w>.139 140
4s quar reg 112t»113H 3» quar eoup...l0S*il09%
TUESDAY. July J5— I p. m.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
A decline in Gas and Electric to HMj was th~
only noteworthy change on the mornlnc ses
sion of the Bond Exchange. Business was
light. There waa nothing new In th« oil
Stocks. - -
•In the afternoon Gas and Electric was firmer
at $40ft@41H-
The Stork and Bond Exchange will adjourn
from Saturday. June 29, to Saturday, July 6.
The San Francisco Stock and Exchan**
Board, Pacific Stock Exchange. Producers' Oil
Exchange and San Francisco Oil Exehansw
will adjourn from the close of business on
Tuesday afternoon. July 2. until Monday morn
ing. July 8. /
STOCK MARKET.
NEW YORK, June 25.— Prices of stocks re
acted sharply to-day and were . carried down
under such active selling as has not been seen
In the market for Bcveral weeks past. This
development did not make itself Jelt until, late
in the day, and after such a period of neglect
and apathy on the part of the speculative and
investment interests as in itself invited attack
on prices by professional bears. There was . a
continual slight dribble of stocks on the mar
ket under which prices slowly but pretty stead
ily, yielded, except for a few special cases,
where a desultory speculation for the rise cen
tered, or v/here buying was Induced by causes
Individual to the stocks.' These were entirely
without influence . on the general list. A
rather general tendency to recover from some
opening declines had the edge taken off It by
the first bulletin announcement of the suspen
sion of an . important bank in Leipzig. ,The
course of German bank shares for the last few
days has indicated an unsettled condition of
affairs in Germany, and to-day's occurrence
arouses apprehension that the coming ' semi
annual settlements in Berlin may be the oc
casion of a more or, l*s extended collapse.
The recent failure of a bank in Dresden re
vealed such a state «f involvement with for
merly Inflated industrial securities, which had
suffered from the industrial depression in Ger 7
many, that the credit of many industrial en
terprises was considerably undermined. But
at this time the German money market Is un
usually well equipped to meet a crisis. The
consideration of these conditions made the
speculative mind sensitive, and late In the
day. wjien many rumors began to circulate of
local banking troubles, there was a Hvely
f pill ins out of stocks all through "the list. The
bears made the most of their unexpected op
portunity and offered prices down boldly, while
the rumors were at the high tide- of exaggera
tion. They succeeded in breaking through the
defense which had been established by the
bull leaders while they were away for their
vacations, and heavy stop-loss orders were
uncovered. Stocks with any large speculative
accounts in them' were naturally most affected,
notably St. Paul and Missouri Pacific, the
former dropping 5 points. When the nature
of the investigations being made by the Clear
ing-House Association of the affairs between
one of -the banks and the association became
more accurately known and It was announced
that no action would be necessary, there was
a lively scramble on the part of the profes
sional shorts to cover, and the rally In the
principal acUve stocks was between 1 and 2
points. St. Paul recovering 2%. The closing,
however, was not free from feverlshness, and
was rather irregular. The money market was
not disturbed.
The bond market was affected by late sell-
Ing, but in a much less degree than stocks.
Total sales, par value, $2,77O,CCO.
United States refunding 2tuand new 4s ad
vanced. Vt per cent on the"last call.
NEW YORK. STOCK' LIST.
Shares Closing
9bld. Stocks— - Bid.
26,600 Atchison 86%
10.100 Atchison prefd ....1C4V»
1,900 Baltimore & Ohio 107H
100 Baltimore & Ohio prefd 84'i
4,100 Canadian Pacific 104Vi
400 Canada Southern 69'
2,200 Chesapeake & Ohio... ..48%
. 2,000 ' Chicago & Alton 45Vi
400 Chlcaco & Alton prefd 79V*
900 Chicago," Burlington & Quincy.. .....196V4
2,900 Chicago, Ind & Louis 3614
WJ Chicago, Ind & Louis prefd.......... 72
Chicago & Eastern Illinois 133
4,100 Chicago & Great Western H%
300- Chicago & Great Western A prefd.. 99
&00 Chicago & Great Western B prefd.. 62
400 Chicago & Northwestern . ....200
2.600 Chicago, Rock Island & Pacific 166%
1.6C0 Chicago Terminal & Trang ....... 22H
MOO Chicago Terminal & Trans prefd.... 44U
1,000 C. C, C & St Louis 85^4,
400 Colorado Southern ....'. ;.,.. 14%
200 . Colorado Southern 1st prefd 51
100 Colorado Southern 2nd prefd ; 2211
.500 Delaware &. Hudson .......,;.16oii
400 Delaware, Lackawanna & West 234'
100 Denver &Rlo Grande.'... -...60
600 Denver & Rio Grande prefd 93
24.900 Erie ..' 42L1
4,800 Erie 1st prefd 701?
400 Erie 2nd prefd b6»i
Great Northern prefd...... '......1S5V4
100 Hocking Valley M il
600 Hocking Valley prefd..; iriZ
16.900 Illinois Central ..145
6,700 Iowa Central .".. 4014
7,200 Iowa Central prefd.."."................ 79
o00 Lake Erie & Western. :...:.. 59
...:... Lake. Erie & Western prefd 120
13.800 Louisville' & Nashville............. 1097;
46.900 Manhattan L............... :....... j 2 s
7.6C0 Metropolitan St Railway.'.:......; 17414
1.600 Mexican Central PH4
1,200 Mexican National :....!" 11
- 600 Minneapolis & St Louis.... M IlO6 ' ¦
9,200 Missouri ' Pacific ; ."..:.;. ..":.¦... "ins ¦
200 Missouri.' Kansas & Texas. ;.;..¦...¦.' 30%
600 Missouri. Kansas & Texas prefd.... 63V
- 2.100 New Jersey Central 166
18,900 New York Central...;.....;.......... 157V
400 Norfolk & Wester-\;.V.............. 52&
Norfolk & Western \ efd..... :..;.... ssii
New York Stock Market.
EASTERN MARKETS.
1 ¦
Foreign Futures.
¦ . :¦¦• • ¦ . . \ - - ..¦ ¦¦.
¦'. -BOSTON, June 25.'— The \ conditions In the
woo! :, market have . not varied .' during .• the . past
week. ' Manufacturers " are' only 'buying j what
they - need to fill of any grade ' of which they
'Boston Wool -Market.
; NBW ; TOflK, June 25.^-COTTON'— Futures
opened . steady, with prices ; 2 points higher to
3 points • lower, ' Prieea ; were ; off . several points
before, the noon ' hour, '"-' The ..market closed
eteady, with, prices;, net 16 points higher -to 3
points lower,. ;...>,.- .
New York Cotton Market.
NEW YORK, June 25.— Tin In London was
somewhat Irregular,* esaaot advanced £1, while
futures declined 10s, the former closing steady
at £129 and tha' latter at: £121, Only a hum II
trails was ' accomplished . in- either.:' Locally,
iipot Tin wan ¦ ftrrn : and somewhat higher; on a
light speculative demand, closing: firm In tone
at, KH uoqcn 78, while futures were neglected.
Copper declined Ss 9d In London Under liquida
tion, closing easy at £63 7s 6d, and futures at
£68 17« 6d, Hero .the market for ; that metal
ruled . llfelevs and j nominally unchanged. | Lead
was nominally, steady at U 3714, whllo at Lon
don ;¦ values . showed no change. Spelter -ruled
very dull in' lorn] circles, but fell off 2s-6d"to
£17 , Is 6d \ In ' London, Domestic -. Iron ' mar
kels were without quotable: change, though. In
buyers' • favor,. > Glasgow " warrant* closed at
33b 3d and Mlddlesboro at 43s 10'^d. ' - . -.:> ¦¦¦>.
Nczv York Metal Market.
HOGS— Receipts 9023. Strong to Bo higher.
Ltgnt ond light mixed, $5 95igi8 07H; medium
and heavy, $6if 6 20; pigs," $4®5; bulk of sales,
$606 10. .
SHEEP— R-etslpts 1S13. Slow, steady. Lambs
25c higher. Top, $5 55.
ST. JOSEPH. Mo.. June 25.—CATTLE—Re
ceipts 1853. Market active, Bteady to strong.
Natives. $4 S0®6; cows and heifers, |2@5; bulls
and etags, $2 75@5 10; stockers and feeders,
$2 75<>i* 70; veals. $3 7S©6 50.
1 SHEEP— Receipts. 10,000; sheep slow, spring.
Iambs-firm, active: clipped-lambs Blow, others
steady. Good to choice wethers, $4@4 25; fair
to choice mixed, $3 6C®4; Western sheep, $4®
4 25; yearlings, $404 60; native lambs, spring
up to $5 75, $4®5 25: Western lambs, $5@5 25.
HOGS— Receipts to-day, 14,000; to-morrow
30,000; left over, 2000: market 5c to 10c higher,
active; highest prices since September, . 1S94:
top, 16 30. Mixed and butchers, $5 90@6 22' / 4;
good to choice heavy, $S OSfJfC 30: rough heavy,
$5S0<36; llcht. $5 85®6 15; bulk of sales,' $« 05®
6 20. -
CHICAGO. June .25.— CATTLE, Receipts,
2000, including 300 Trxans; generally steady;
Texans fully steady. Good to prime steers,
$5 50@6 30; ;ppor to medium. $4 30@5 40: stock
ers and feeders, $2 90@4 80; cows, $2 23@4 90;
heifers. $2 75@515; cannerp, $2@2 70; bulls,
}2 75@4 60; calves, $4@6 65; Texans— Fed steers,
$4 25<sr5 40; grassars, $3 50@4 10; bulls, $2 75®
3 75. ; -. .> •" .. . - '.
Chicago Livestock Market.
NEW YORK, June 25.— Special cable and
telegraph communications to Bradstreefs show
the following changes in available supplies
from the .last account:. Wheat— United States
and -Canada, east of the Rockies, decreased
•3,026,000 bushels; afloa^-for and In Europe, de
creased 1.400.000 bushels; total supply, de
creas.ed 4. 42G.OOO bushels. Corn— United States
and Canada, east of the "Rockies, increased
315.000 bushels. Oats— United States and Can
ada, east of the Rockies, decreased 461,0(50
bushels.
Available Grain Supply.
Porter Bros. Company sales: Cherries—Tartar
lans.'35c@$2 40; Royal Anne, $1 15@1 85; Repub
licans. 60c(g$l 70: Centennial, $1 35; B. Blgereau,
85c<g$l 70; C. Blgereau, $1 05; mixed. 30c; Ox
hart, 40@5Oc: assorted, lOcffJ^l 15; Bing, 60c.
Peaches— Brlggs May, $1 20; Alexander, 95c@
$1 60; Hales, 73c@$l 20. Apricots— Royals, 90c@
$1 50; Montgamet, $1@1 45. Prunes— Tragedy, $1
@1 55; Slmoni. r.flcfi$l 25. Plums— Clyman, 60c
©$1 33;- Abundance, 60c<s?$l 25; Burbank, 75c@
$1 60; Climax, $1 25@2 2o; Yosabe, 95c@$l 03;
Royal Hatlve, $1; mixed, $1 40; St. Catherines,
S0@S5c; Red June, 65c@$l 35: California Red, 85c
@$1 S3; Peach, $1 25@1 30: Hottankln, 73c; Sat
suma. 65c@$l 10; Klondike. $1; Shlroma. 63c.
Pears— Wilder, $1 20@l 40 half boxes: Comet,
$1 75; Bartlett, $1 75. Figs— Black, 85c@$l 73.
Six cars fruit sold to-day.
NEW YORK, June 25.— Earl Fruit Company
sales California fruit: Peaches — Alexanders, 50c
©$115 box; Hales Early, 75c@$l 10. Apricots-
Royals. 90c@$l 20 single I crates. Prunes — Tra
gedy, $1 10<gl 35. . .-.
Earl Fruit Company sales: Apricots— Royal,
$1 05S1.50 single crates. Peaches— Hales Early,
72@90o boxes. Plums— Abundance, $1 15@1 20
single' crates: Burbanks, $1@1 65. • Prunes —
Simonl, 95c@$l 15 single crates; Tragedy, $1 50@
1.75. • Pear3— Bartletts averaged $4 box. Five
cars fruit' soM to-day.
CHICAGO. June 25. — Porter Bros. Fruit Com
pany sales of California fruit: Aprlcots^ — Royal,
80c@$l 35. Peaches— Hales, :7(X385c; St. John,
$1 05@l 45. Prunes— Tragedy, $1 20@l 63; Slmonl,
60c. Plums — Burbank, $1 15@1 25; Abundance,
60c@$l 15; Climax, 83c@$l 75; Royal Hatlve,
$1 05@l 10. ¦ Peaches— Alexander," 60c.
California Fruit Sales.
Wheat— June. Sept.-Dec.
Opening 20 25 2105
Closing 20 25 2125
Flour—
Opening .L.. 25 60 28 90
Closing 25 75 27 00
Wheat— July. Sept.
Opening 5 AH K GU
Closing 6 0% b B^i
LIVERPOOL.
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was uteady; creamery, HHftWc; dairy,
14V4f?16V4c. Cheese, steady, 9©10c. Eggs,
steady, W.i'iilV.ic.
Corn, bushels 211.000 v 348.00O
Oats, bushels ....200.000 170.000
Rye. bushol* 12,000 3,006
Barley, bushels 28,000
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 37.000 12,000
Wheat, bujhels 100,fi00 3S3.000
. Cash ' quotations were as follows:' Flour,,
dull and weak;. No. 2 spring. wheat, C6Vi@C6%c:
No. 3 spring, 64^@65Hc; No. 2. red, 65%@67^c:
No. 2 corn. 43Uc; No. 2 yellow, 43^c: No. 2
oats, 27V4<828c; No. 2 white. 29%c: No. 3 white,
28H<frS0i/4c: No. 2 rye. 47c: No. 1 flaxseed. $1 88;
mess pork, per barrel, $14 75<fJ14 80; lard, per
100 pounds, $8 75@8 80; short ribs, sides (loose),
$8©8 20; dry salted shoulders (boxed). $7<fr7 25;
short clear sides (boxed),' $S 50@S 60; clover,
contract grade, $9 E0.
C120th Meridian-Pacific Time.)
V*N FRANCISCO, June 25-6 p. m. •
The following maximum temperatures were
reported from stations In California. to- day:
Eureka, GS; Mount Tamalpais, 64: San Luis
Obispo, 70; Red Bluff, 78; Fresno, 82; Los An
geles. 72: Sacramento, 76; Independence, 78
£>an Diego. 6S.
San Francisco data— Maximum temperature,
~.9; minimum, 4S; mean, U.
Weather Report.
Generally warm, clear weather has prevailed
during the week, with fogs- at night along
the coast, and conditions have been very
favorable for the maturing of grain and de
ciduous fruits. '¦ ¦¦ ' \ '-.'.
Grain harvest is progressing rapidly In all
parts of the State. Tha results thus far are
said to be entirely satisfactory to farmers,
end nearly all reports agree that the yield of
wheat, barley and r-e will be better than an
ticipated earlier in the season; the quality is
reported superior. In some places farmers are
Felling their grain as eoon as harvested, thus
eaving storage, but the warehouses will re
ceive a larr? portion of the crop. The hay
crop is being rapidly harvested, baled and
ttackcii, and in many sections is the best
yield lor several seasons'. Heavy shipments
of corn and tomatoes are being made from
Vacaville. Potatoes are yielding a fair crop.
The sugar beet crop in portions of Southern
California will be the largest for several
years. Hops, beans and garden vegetables
are in good condition and will j-ield average
crop?. Pasturage is becoming very dry in
eome sections, and cattle are being driven to
the_ northern ranges.
Vineyardists in some sections are reported to
be losing considerable quantities of the older
vines, and many attribute the cause to the
thrf-e Fuccefsive dry years. Deciduous fruits
er? ripenfr.B rapidly, and In many places are
yielding nearly averase crops. Oranges, olives
and walnuts continue in good condition. .
Sacramento Valley.— Conditions have been
favorable for all crops during the week, and
prain and fruit have matured rapidly. Grain
harvest is prcg*»»Elng In all sections; the
yieid is reported large and the quality excel
lent. Haying is not yet completed; a heavy
crop is being harvested. Potatoes are yielding
a good crop. Corn, hops and garden vegetables
are doing well. Tragedy prunes and early
peaches are being gathered, and are yielding
pood crops. Apricot drying Is progressing.
Gi-ai*»s and citrus fruits are In good condi
tion, and will probably yield fully average
crops.
<"oast and Bay Sections.— The weather has
been slightly warmer than during the preced
ing week, causing more rapid maturing of the
grain and fruit crprs. Grain harvest is pro
gressing in nearly all sections, and an excel
lent crap Is being gathered in most places;
the yield i? reported very light, however. In por
tions of Lake County. Hay making continues
and ti&ling is in progress; the yield and quality
are reported rood. Large shipments of hay
are being mad» dally from Hollister. Grapes
are locking well. but. owing to the late spring
frosts in some s«>cticns, will y,ield less than
an average crop. Peaches and prunes will also
yi-ld light crops in many places. Citrus fruits
are looking well. Hops, sugar beets and corn
are making good growth.
Pan Joaquin Valley.— The weather has been
clear, with warm days and cool nights, during
Sacramento Valley.— Conditions have been
very favorable for the ripening and harvest-
Ing of grain and all kinds of fruit. The Brain
harvest is progressing nicely, and the yield
and quality are irenerally satisfactory. The
cool nights have delayed grain ripening sorae
¦<vhat. but this Is not injurious, as It allows
the heads a better opportunity, to fill. Decid
uous fruits are maturing and ripening rapidly,
snl canneries and dryers are in full operation
The apricot crop will be light. Melons are
making good progress. The second crop of
alfalfa is being cut in some localities, both
the yield and quality being good. Stock of all
kinds are in rood condition, and water for ir
rieatlon Is plentiful.
Southern California.— Warmer weather and
almost constant snushine in the Interior dur
ing the week have b«en beneficial to grain and
fruit. Fops along the coast at night have
benefited beans and sugar beets. Hay making,
Vialln - and stacking are In progress. Grain
harvest has commenced In some sections; the
yield Is rer>orted better than expected. Apri
cots and peaches are ripening-. Nearly all de
ciduous fruits will yield very light crops, and
the local markets will be supplied from other
sections. Walnuts, frrapes and citrus fruits
rive promise of good crops. The beet crop
will he the largest for several years. Potato
fMrsinB has commenced, and a fair yield is
»>elng gathered.
Los Angeles Summary-— Foggy nights and
mornings In the coast sections beneficial to
bears and beets. Warm, generally fair
watlier In the interior: good for oranges. Har
vest reneral. Hay baling continues. Olive
prospects excellent. Irrigating and cultivating
very native.
EnreUa Summary— Hay baling progressing;
Rood quality and crop shove average. Grain
1s cmerallv looking well: a few fields are
turning yellow. Rain and warm- weather
would benefit fruit and vegetation.
GENERAL SUMMARY.
The weekly report of A. G.. McAdle. section
director of the climate and crop section of
the Weather Bureau, eays:
The Weather and Crops.
Latest mall reports from New York eay:
"The movement in dried fruits continues very
rmall. Currant* ehoty rather an easier tone.
Cleaned can • be bought \%c lower than they
could several days apo. Raisins are dull on
tho epot. Offering* of 4-crown loose Musca
tel*, supareii stock, at 3%c, f. o. b.. Coast, are
xperted withdrawn. Sales of a number of
car* of t^f«e goods have been made in this
market to manufacturers of mincemeat re
cently. FIbs arr firm at 7©S>%e for layers and
soiling in a small way. lVars are reported
firm«T on the Coast, cwlng to the reports of a
i-hort crop. Jortan chellcd almonds are easier,
holders who have sold as high as 42c now being
willing to rdl at S3%c. Brazil miU continue
\rry etronr."
Dried Fruit in Ncxu York.
Frreisn imports at this port during the first
five months of the year were $16.S06.340. agatnst
JCP.CSO.S-"*) during the same time in 1900. the
leading ecurces beins ax follows: Japan, $4,443,
540; China, $2,<44,440; Central America, $3,258,
7C0: British Columbia. $1,099,700; East Indies,
njOiXeOj Great Britain. $893,300; France. $471.
'iV-. Germany. $327,627; Australia. $237,010; Mex
ico, JSll.PTo: South America, $2SL500.
Foreign Imports.
Flour, qr sks..... 4,235 Powder, car t
Wheat, ctls 74,504 Wool, bales 557
Barley, ctls 5,693 Hides No 1 <?7?
Oats, ctls 4r.o Pelts, bdls. ....... 31>
Corn, ctls 470 Tallow ctls V-~>
Beans, sks 734|Rrandy. gals 1 sro
Potatoes, sks...:. 2.KS2 Wine, gals 13.<*>i>
Onions, sks 663 Sugar, rtls 1,5X0
Bran, sks 3S0 Llm-. bbls I7S
gf/: tons 273 Leather, rolls.... 63
Middlings, sks.... tc l •..'*.;
FOR TUESDAY. JUNE 25.
Receipts of Produce.
Crushed. 6 23c: Powdered, 5.?5c: Candy Gran
ulated. 5.83c; Dry Granulated. 5.73c: Confec
tioners' A. 5.75c: Fruit Granulated. 6.73c: Mag
nolia A. 5.35c; Extra C. 5.23c; Golden C. 5.15e;
barrels. We more; half-barrels, 23c more: box
es. 50c more; 50-lb bags. 10c more. No orders
taken for less than 75 barrels or Its equivalent.
Dominos. haif-?>arrels. 6.50c; boxes. 6.73c per Ib
LUMBER— Retail prices are as follows: Pine
ordinary sizes. $18®13; extra sizes, higher;
Redwood. $lS(iJ19: Lath, 4 feet. $3 9004; Pickets
$20; Shingles. $2 for common and $2 73 for
fancy: Shakes. $13 for split and $14 for sawn;
Rustic, $23tS29.
SALT— Prices are higher all around. H. R.
H. is quoted at $21 per ton in large sacks ami
$22 in 50's. Liverpool ia quoted at $13 23@20 for
the best and $16#18 50 for lower grades. Hig
gins.'_ $27 50@30 per ton.
QUA'KSILVER— $46 50@4S per flask.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining: Com
pany quotes, per lb. In 100-lb bags:
RED AND WHITK LEAD— Red Lead. 7\i®
7%c per lb; White Lead. 7S7%c according to
quantity.
COAL OIL- Water White Coal Oil. In bulk:
12V>c; Pearl Oil. in cases. 18%c; Astral, lS'/ic;
Star, 18%c: Extra Star, 22%c; Elaine. 23! 3 c;
Eocene. 20%c; deodorized stove gasotine, ia
bulk, 13c; In cases, 21c; Benzine, In bulk, 14c;
in cases. 20c; SC-degree Gasoline.. In bulk. 20c;
In cases. 26c.
TURPENTINE— 58c per gallon in cases. and
52c in drums or iron barrels.
Salvador— 12®13%c for strictly ' prim* washed:
9®ll%c for good to prim© washed: 8HS%c for
fair washed; 104C12c for good to prime washcl
peaberry; SHWc for good to prime semi
washed: SV-W.c for superior unwashed: 7%^Sc
for good green unwashed: 8%®!>«4c for irood to
superior unwashed peaberry; 6i©7Vic for com
mon to ordinary.
Nicaragua — 11%©14c for prime to fancy
washed: 9® lie for fair to strictly good washed:
7',i<©8c for good to superior unwashed: 8%©'J' t c
for good to prime unwashed peaberry.
Guatemala and Mexican — llV41*14Vic for prim
to fancy washed: lOU^lO^c for strictly gon.i
washed; 9%@10c for good washed: 8(39<4c for
fair washed; 7%@7%p for medium: 6%®7c for
Inferior to ordinary: 10^.<7$12c for good to prime
washed peaberry; 9®9VsC nominal for good to
'prime unwashed peaberry: "%®SUc nominal
for good to superior unwashed.
LEATHEP.-Sole, heavy, 2Sig'32c per lb: So!<»
Leather medium. 2«(3C0c: Sole LMther, light.
25^2Sc: Rough Leather, heavy. 27@28c: Rough
Leather, light. 25(S26c: Harness Leather, heavy.
38@39c for No. 1 and 3f»<333c for No. "B; Hames3
Leather, medium. 30@37c: Harness leather,
light. 29@33c; Skirting. 36*9400; Collar Leather.
15® 16c per foot: Kip. unfinished, 40«?50c per lb:
Veal finished. 50@53c: Calf, finished. 75c@$l 20;
Sides, finished, 16@17c per foot; Belt Knife
Splits 14@16c; Rough Splits. 8(gl0c per lb.
TANBARK— Ground, $26@2S per ton; Stick.
$1S@2O per cord.
OILS— California Castor Oil. In cases. No. 1.
73c: pure. SI 30; Linseed Oil. In barrels, boiled.
81c; raw. 73c; cases, 5c more; Lard Oil. extra
winter strained, barrets. 80c; cases. -85c: China
Nut, 53@63c per gallon: pure Neatsfoot Oil. bar
rels, 63c: cases. 70c: Sperm, pure, 63c; Whata
Oil. natural white, 37%(g42%c per gallon; Fish
Oil. in barrels, 3oc; cases. 40c.
COFFEE— Costa Rica— 14®14\ic for strictly
prime to fancy washed: 1UJW13VJC for prims
washed; 10%51lo for good washert; ll®12%o for
good to prime washed peaherry: 10<5l0%c far
good to prime peaberry;.9*i<OtO%o for food to
prime; S<«O9c for fair; &tP??40 for common tn
ordinary. '¦,••>•¦
CORDAGE — The local cordago company
quotes as follows: Pure Manila. 12%c per lb;
Sisal size. 9%c; Bale Rope. 9c; Duplex. V.\
Terms, 60 days, or 1 ! i per cent cash discount.
Lots of 10.C0O lba. lc lesa.
PACIFIC CODFISH- Bundtes. per lb. 5«c:
cases, regular, 5%c; ca»e«, extra large, 6e;
cases, Eastern style, 6%c: boneless. 7Uc; Nor
way, 7»*c; Narrow Gauge. 7%c: Silver King.
8c; blocks. Oriental. 7c: blocks. SeabrlKht. 7' 3 r;
tablets. 8c: mlddlen. Golden State. 7%c; nii.t
dles, White Seal. 8%c; 5-lb boxes fancy, bone,
less, 9c; Mb boxes fancy, boneless, 7%c; deatc
cated. Gilt Edge, per doi. 73c; pickled cml,
barrels. $7 75: pickled cod. half barrels, it 75.
COAL— Wellington. $0 per ton; Southflelri
Wellington, $3; Seattle, $7; Bryant. $6 50: Coos
Bay. $3 50; Wallsend. $9; Co-op«rattve Walls
end, $3; Cumberland. $12 50 in bulk and $13 75
in sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Eg;. $14:
Cannel. $10 per ton; Coke. J15 per ton In bulk
and $17 In sacks; Rocky Mountain descriptions.
$3 45 per 20C0 lbs. and $3 50 per ton. according
to brand.
black, Jl 50@2; do, white. $1 50©2; do. Royal
Anne. $1 60<j£2 15; Peacbea. yellow. $1 2C91 63;
do, Lemon Cling. $1 30t?l 75; Bartlett Pears.
$1 23@1 75; Plums. 90c@$l 25; Nectarines. $1^
1 50; Muscat Grapes, . 95c@$l 35: Quinces, $1 IMS
I 55; Strawberries, $1 30® 1 73; Raspberries.
$1 5o@2; Blackberries. SI 30©l 60.
'-•POULTRY— Live Turkeys. S'&iec for Gobbler3
and.. 8@10c for -Hens; 'Geese, per. pair,' $lffj>l »5-
Go3llngs.:. $1®1'25; Ducks.. SCiS'u • for old and
$4<J?5 for young; Hens, $1 50©'4; y.iung HocHtcra
$C@7 60; old . Roosttrs, $3@3 60; .Fryers, $1@4 50;
The Poultry market continues . well supplied
with, all descriptions; except large young/Roos
ters,' which alone, are firm. •¦ " ¦'.:¦¦ '.
Poultry ¦ dud Game.
-VEGET ABIDES— Rhubarb, 25©60n per box ;
Asparagus, $1 75ifj'2 for large, $1 25©1 50 per box
for No, 1 and 5Ocifi%l: for No. 2; Green 1 Peas,
75i?i>$1 per Back; . String Beans, lift 2%c, Cab
bage,; 40(&60n per ctl i Tomatoes, from Los An
geles, ,75c@$li from Winters, 85o@$l: from the
River and Bay In BmRll boxes, 90c(Ji$l| Rivers
in large boxes, $2@2 25 [ Drlod - Peppers.' 12@i.s •;
Dry . Okra, ; 15020c • per lb | Carrots, 23(g3r>c per
eack 1 , Marysvllle Cucumbers, . 35<g50c ; per box ;
Winters. 5f)@60ci ' Bay, %\<fil (w| Garlic, 2@!c;
Green Peppers. 20<ij:30'v per lb|.Egg Plant, 7@
12%c per lb; Groen -Corn, ~KVtfj:»l 2"i per sack:
Bay do. $1@1 7"> n#r crate] Summer Squash. 15
@25c per box( Bay do. 50@G5c. ¦ •
POTATOES— Burbanka. $1 25©1 50 for Oregon;
New Potatoes, $1 10<gl 80 for llurbanks $145
@1 60 for Garnet Chiles and $1 15@1 4J for Early
Rose In boxes. ' ~ .
ONIONS— New Red, 35@30c per ' sack ; ,\>w
Yellow, • 80(?f95e per ctl. •
The Vesetable market continues "well sup
plied, and prices show little change from day
to day, Corn is weak, and a (rood deal of poor
stuff is coming In. Squash U also plentiful and
cheap, ¦ and there . are plenty . of > Cucumbers
coming In „.: • ¦; • . ¦
' There was very little change in Potatoes and
Onions, and both were steady. Supplies of Po
tatoes are sufficient for the demand, without
being excessive, . , •
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
BEANS-Bayos, $2 45<fj!2 60; Small White, $4 75
©4 90: Large White, $3 70®3 90; Pink $1 40&1 70-
Red, $3<g>3 25; Blaukeye. $3 10®3 25; Limns, $3 40;
Pea. nominal;. Red Kidney, $4 75 per ctl. >
SEEDS— Brown Mustard., nominal; Yellow
Mustard, nominal; Flax, $2 50@3; Canary 8%ira
8%c for Eastern; Alfalfa, nominal; Rape 2®
2Uo: Hemp, 3%c; Timothy. 6«c. '
DRIED PEAS-Nlles, $1 60 per ctl.
. Bean dealers are disgusted over the tardi
ness of Mhe Government in awarding the
contracts expected for the past two months,
and begin to fear that they are off. There Is
very little doing and quotations are largely
nominal. ¦ ,
Beans and Seeds.
HAY— Old Is quoted at $9@12 50 per ton. New
is quotable as follows: Wheat, $8 60® 9 50'
Wheat and Oat. $8({r9: Oat. $6 50©8; Barley and
Oat. $7@8 60;. Alfalfa. $6@8; Clover, $5@6 per
ton: - Volunteer, $4@7 50. ' ¦
' STRAW— 25@47%c per bale.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley. $16 50017 50
per ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill. $25@26: Job
blnsr. $26 50:Cocoanut Cake. $17@18; Corn Meal
$28©29; Cracked Corn, $28 5O@29 50; Mixed Feed
$16 50(g"17 50.
MIDDLINGS— $19 50@21 per ton.
Receipts of Hay were lighter yesterday, but
those of Monday were sufficient for three days,
and the market continued weak, though there
was less demoralization.' Prices remained with
out chance. ' .
.. Feedstuffs have Ehown no variation for some
little time. •.
BRAN— $17 5O@1S 60 per ton. '
Hay and Feedstuff s.
MILLSTTJFFS — Prices In sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, $3 per 100 lbs: Rye Flour, $2 73; Rye
Meal. $2 50: Rice Flour. S7; Corn Meal. $3: ex
tra cream do. $3 75: Oat Groats. $4 75: Hominy.
W 7f><?S4; Buckwheat Flour. $4@4 25; Cracked
Wheat, $3 50; Farina,- $4 50; Whole Wheat
Flour. $3 25: Rolled Oats (barrels), $6 33@7 85;
In sacks. $6®7 50; Pearl Barley, $5; Split Peas,
$5;, Green Peas. $6 50 per. ICO lbs.
FLOUR— California Family extras. $3 2o@
3 50, usual terms ; Bakers' Extras, $3 15@3 25;
Oregon, $2 50<f?2 75 per barrel for family and
?2 "."if/3 for bakers'; Washington bakers', $2 75
@3. __ • _ _ . ' ,
Flour and Millstuffs.
¦ CORN— Offerings meet with little attention,
but holders adhere' to previous prices. Small
round Yellow, $1 50; Eastern, Yellow, . $1 27%@
120: White. $137%; mixed. $127%.
RYE— 75@S0c per ctl. Tire market continues
neglected. ¦ • .
BUCKWHEAT-Is quoted at $1 63 per ctl, ex
warehouse.
WHEAT FREIGHTS-Spot freights continue
quiet, and weRk at 37s 6d for the average run»
of carriers. The chartered Whea't fleet in port
has a registered tonnage of 17,700, against
26,930 tons on the same date last year; dlsen
paged, G408 tons, against none last year; on the
way. to this port, 201,330 tons, against 202,500.
WHEAT — Liverpool futures were lower and
Paris futures firmer.
Chicago was dull and still tending downward,
with continued liquidation.. Crop reports were
such as to lead to the general expectation of
weak markets. Minnesota. Manitoba and Da
kota report prospects for the largest crop for
ycarp. Against this, however, Is the gloomy
report from France, which says that the phe-'
nomenally cold weather has produced a very
bad effect all over Europe, and especially In
France, where the crop Is *a1d to be ruined.
Hence the French Importation of American
Wheat will bo very large. Two firms alone are
said to have already ordered more than the
entire French importation from the United
States In 1900.
Bradntrcpt's estimate of stocks Is as follows:
East oC the Rockies, a decrease of 3,026,C00
bushels; Europe and Afloat, a decrease of 1,400,
000. Total decrease, 4,426,000 bushels.
The American Corn outlook Is reported poor.
The San BYanclsco . market continues dull,
weak and unchansod. - ¦ •
Spot Wheat— Shipping, 93c; milling, 97%c@
?1 02% per ctl.
CALL BOARD SALES. •
Informal Session — P:1B o'clock— December—
10. COO ctls. $1; 18.000. 99%c.
Second Session — December — 4000 ctls, $1.
Regular Morning Session— December— 6000
ctls, fl; 10,000. $1 00%.
Afternoon Session— No sales.
BARLEY— Feed on the spot Is In' light sup
ply and steady. The sharp demand for new
brewing for shipment continues. "Futures, how
ever, are lower and quiet.
Feed, 72%<&>73»ic for No. 1 and 70@-71Uc for
off grades; Brewing and Shipping grades, 75®
82%c; Chevalier, nominal.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock — December—
4000 ctls. 67%c.
Second. Session— No sales. ' •
Regular Morning Session— No sales.
Afternoon* Session — No sales.
OATS — There is no further decline in red
and black, bt:t both are weak and the former
are freely offered, with few buyers. White de
scriptions have not yet declined.
White. U 42%@1 55: Surprise. Jl 50@l 65; Red,
»1@1 17V>; Black, $1 15@1 25 'per ctl.
Wheat and Other Grains.
Sterling Exchange, 60 clays — $4 86%
Sterling Exchange, sight ¦ J — 4 89
Sterling cables — 4 90
New, York Exchange, sight — 12%
New York Exchange, telegraph.. — ..." 15
Silver, per ounce : — ; ' 69%
Mexican Dollars, nominal 49% @ 50
Exchange and Bullion.
LOCAL: MARKETS-
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2—
June ........* .... 65T4
July 65% 66V4 ' 65% 66%
September ......... 66V4 6614 66 66^
Corn No. 2 — -
June- .'. ¦¦• 43VS
July. 43?4 43% 43 43%
September 44^' <*% **V* <4 %
December .......... 42U 43V 4 «% 43
Oats No 2— -
July 27 27V4 26% 26%
September 26% 26% 26^4 26%
Mayr 28%' 29U 28% 29*4
Mess Pork, per barrel-
July .....14 82% 14 82tf 14 72tf 72%
September 15 05 15 10 ' 14 90 14 92Vj
Lard, per 100 pounds —
July 8 85 8 85 ' 8 75 . 8 75
September ...'. 8 90 8 90 8 77% 8 80
May ..8 80 8 92%; 8 75 ,8 77%
Short Ribs, per 100 pounds-
July ./ :. 8 10 8 10 8 10 8 10
September 8 22% 8 23 8 17% 8 20 .
Little was > done,:' In 1 the way of. new : in
the 1 market for Evaporated Apples, A" Jobbln*
trade was manlf»Et, with a view to, supplying
DRIED FRUITS.
EGGS— Receipts. 15,100 packages: firm j ¦. West.
ern _candled, 13V4c ; : Western uncandled, > 11® 13c.
Coffee futures closed bteudy.. with value* net
5 to 10 points lower. • Total Bales S5.7S0 bag* in.
eluding July, at ; 6.10(3.5. 15e: September, B SOffi
5.35c; October, 6.25c; December, 6.56®5.60ci Jan.
uary, 6,60^5. 63c; March, C.70o, and May 5.80o,
SUGAR— Raw steady; fair rsflnln»,' 3 B-18c:
centrifugal. 98 tent, ' 4 7-?2cj molaeses auxar
3 6-16e. Refined eteady. ...¦¦'. ,¦.«- < '
BUTTER— Receipts 24.1S3 packages ! ; MteadV!
creamery, 15@19%c; factory, 12i4ffll5c,
WHEAT— Receipts 80.EC0 bushels, exporU 102,
918. Spot easy; No. 2 red, 75Ho f. o." b.^ afloat;
No. 2 red. 73'ic elevator; No. 2' Northern,' Du
luth. 74c f.' o. b. afloat ;¦ No;, 1' hard,
84V4e'f."o. b. afloat. Options opened easy and
were barely steady ' all day ¦ under ' moderate
liquidation, ¦ weakness in the Northwest, \ lower
foreign markets, fine home crop newg and short
selling; closed easy at \*<to l A<z net decline; July
73 1 >i'g73W closed 7*V4c; September, 71%to72c.
cloced at 72c; October, 721812'^c, closed 72y,c-
December, 73V4@73V4c, cloned 73'/4c,
HOP8— Steady. -
HIDES— Firm.
WOOL— Quiet. - .
COFFEE— Spot: Rio easy; No. 7 lnvolee. lc.
Mildqulet; Cordova,. 8\4O12^c, ' . , r
NEW YORK, June 15.— FLOUR— Receipts 19,
150 bbls, exports '7227. Weak and 5010c lower.
Minnesota patents, $3 70(33 85: winter! patent*,
|3 C0t33 90; winter straights, $3 4O®3 E0; winter
extras. $2 40©2 86. V
WASHINGTON, June 25.— To-day's state
ment of the treasury balances In the general
fund,, exclusive of the $150,000,000 ¦ gold reserve
In the division of redemption,, shows: Avail
able cash balance, $173,110,819; gold, $97,308,831.
New York Grain and Produce.
Condition of the Treasury.
Sterling' exchange, heavy, with actual busi
ness In bankers' bills at 4 S7«i@4 87^4 for de
mand and $4 S5%(S'4 So',4 for sixty days.
Portei". rates, $4 86«4@4- 89.
Commercial bills, $4 84'^@4 S5V4.
Silver certificates, coc. •
liar silver, P9%c.
Mexican dollars. 47^4c. ,-'•;>
State bonds, inactive .'.-Government bonds,
strong; railroad bonds, easier.
Pnme mercantile parier, ?.%(t<4 l 4 per cent
NEW YORK, June 25.— Close: Money on call,
firmer, at. 3%^5'per cent; last loan, 5 per
cent; ruling rate, 4 per cent
Nczu York Money Market.
LONDON. June 25.— Atchison, 90: Canadian
Pacific, IOCV3: Union Pacific preferred, ' 96;
Northern Pacific preferred, 99; \Grand Trunk,
11%; Anaconda, 9%; Bar Silver, steady, 27%d
per ounce; Money, 2@2% per cent.
CLOSING,
The stock market was stagnant to-day
awaiting to-morrow's settlement. Prices were
heavy on the failure of the Leipzig Bank, fol
lowing the suspension of the Dresden Credit
Anstalt a few days ago. This caused free Ber
lin selling ¦ of Americans, Canadians, Argen
tine and Brazilian stocks. New York bought
Pennsylvania. Illinois Central .and | New York
Central, but in • very limited amounts. • The
rest dragged. Money was harder, the call
rate running up to 2Vi per cent. ;
\ ¦
London Market.
NEW YORK, June 25.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says: J .
Northern Pacific i"0
200 Northern Pacific prefd ¦ 97 :
3.900 Ontario & Western.. 3S«
26,800 Pennsylvania 15l4
\Ti\U £ lttsbu rs. Cincinnati, Chi & St L.. 78 j
14.200 Reading .....!. ...;........„:. 45U
». 900 Reading 1st prefd...:.. :...;.;. ..'78%
o.lOO Reading 2nd prefd. ..;........ 66>4
4.2C0 St Louis & San Francisco 50%
iw St Louis & San Francisco 1st prefd 84.
JIB Il^ufs^o^h^Ternf. 0 . 0 .^.^" g£
S^oo 0 tl .» . Southwester n Prefd ..66*
St Paul prefd... '.'.'..¦;M!"'"""'l88
41.J00 Southern Pacific : .. sou,
8.200 Southern Railway v".^.!-!".-" : 32Ti
3.200 Southern Railway prefd 87#
3,900 Texas & Pacific...:. 45 ,
«W I°! ed0 - St Louis & West ....]'. 21%
67.7^ 111 . 8 &We3t PreM i
iS w^S^?.r fd : - :::::::::: - ::::: - g$
4,000 Wabash prefd ' 4">%
JS2 S^ heellns & Ijake Erie ''¦'.'.'.'.'.'""'.'"¦ 2014
1 #S w. heeIin F & Lake Erle 2<J prefd.... 32
1.000 Wisconsin Central .;.T "4%
1,900 Wisconsin Central prefd .....'. 47&
Express Companies—
'Adams • ...175
'American , 195
....... United States V. 90
Wells Fargo ...V. ...; 130
„ • „ : Miscellaneous— . ,
30,600 Amalgamated Copper I21*i
*.10O American Car & Foundry 32
2.1C0 American Car & Foundry prefd 88%
iOO American Linseed Oil ............... 23
"'i'.'^. Amer 'ccn Linseed Oil prefd 62
M22' American Smelting & Refining .... 58
<°0 Amn Smeltins/& Refining prefd. ...102
800 American Tobacco ....137
• 4.800 Anaconda Mining Co... 4S>4
26.300 Brooklyn Rapid Transit Slii
.3.300 Colorado. Fuel & Iron Ill
3.1C0 Consolidated' Gcs ..; 220
2C0 Continental Tobacco 67
* 300 Continental Tobacco prefd HSU
.1,100 General Electric .:...;.......; .2G1
900 Glucose Sugar 60
1.600 Hocking- . Coal .:. 23%
£00 'International Paper ........... 33
....... International Paper prefd '.". 77
600 International Power ; 97
I SCO Laclede Gas 55
4C0 National Biscuit ' 44a'
£00 Xational Lead. "23
1.200 National Salt 43%
2,000 Natfonal Salt prefd ".'76
"CO North American 103
Pacific Coast 68
1.200 Pacific Mail 4i«
10, 1«X) People's Gas ....: UShl
iCO Prepsed Steel Car 44
2.100. Pressed Steel Car prefd ...'. .'. 86
300 Pullman Palace 209
5,100 Republic Steel ...;. 21*i
1.EO0 Republic Steel prefd 75»:
30.C0O Sugar 1K%
3,500 Tennessee Coal & Iron ...." ." 67%
- 100 Union Hag & Paper Co.. 17'
100 Union Bag & Paper Co prefd 72
1,600 United States Leather ,. 13%
f.00 United States Leather prefd .;. 78\i
C00 United States Rubber 2iu
"¦United States Rubber prefd €l'
Gl.SCO United States Steel 48%
30,000 United States Steel prefd 9&*i
5,000 Western Union ,.....;.. 03! t
757.C0C — Total Shares Sold. ¦
CLOSING IJONDS.
U S ref 2s reg...,.106 ! «i NYC 1st* 107%
Do coup I07Vi N J C genl Es.'...132>i
U S 3s reg 1C8=)« N'or Pac 3s 7.»7i
Do coup 108»i Do 4s 10574
U 8 new 4s r*g...l39 N Y U & 8t L 48.106T4
1>> coup 139 M & W con 4s.... 103
U S old 4s reg. ...112'4 Ore Nav lsts 109
Do coup./ 113V4 Do 4s 108*1'
U 8 5s reg 108 % Crc Short Line 69.129U
Ho coup lOS'i 15o con Cs 119%
Dlst of Col 3.63s. ..12O',i R«adlnir gpnl 4s... 98Mi
Atchlson genl 4B..1045JI It Q W lsts M3V4
Do adjmnt 4s ... 96 St L & I M con Es.117%
Can Sou 2ds 10!)»i Kt L & 8 F Ken 63.136V4
Ches & Ohio 4&s.imi!St Paul consuls ..186
Do 6s 120UISt P C & Pac lsts.HS
C & N-W con 7s..l42Vil Do 6s 119%
Do S F deb Bs.,.122 I Sou Pac 4s 93U
Chi Term 4s 96U 'l>ou Ry 6s 121
Col Sou 4s S9!i ttan Rope & Tw 6s 64
D & R G 4s lOIWrex & Pac lsts. ...HSU
Erie genl 4s 90Vi Do 2ds :. 99
F W & D C lsts.lOS'ilUnlon Pac 4s 106*;
OenI Klec 5s 200. WabaBh lsts 119
Iowa Central lsts..ll" Do 2ds 112
L & N unified 43..104U- West Shore 4s ....115
M K & T 2ds. ...... 86*4 Wls Cent lsts 92
Do 4s 9S?« Va Centuries 96',i
NEW YORK MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con 15 Little Chief 13
Alice ;...,: 40 Ontario 8 00
Breeee ...t..: 1 60 Ophlr ..i'.i... '........ 80
Brunswick Con 16 Phoenix ;... 11
Cotn3tock Tunnel... 5 Potosi : 7
C C & Va 2 05 Savage ;i 6
v Deadwood Terra CU Sierra Nevada .... 16
Horn Silver ....... 1 35 |5mall Hopes 40
Iron Silver 58iStandard :...3 65
Leadville Con 5 1 «
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— ( Union Pacific 109%
Call loans 3 @3Vi!West End 95
Time loans 3^®<Vi Westinghouse Elec 63
Stocks — : Bonds—
A T P & S F-. 86% Atchison 4s 103
Do prefd 101 fi E Gas & Coke. 59Vi
Ann Sugar 143V4 Mining shares — /
Do prefd 122 Adventure 20^«
Amn Telephone ..158 Blngham Mngr Co.' 22%
Boston & Albany. .255 Amal Copper 121%
Boston Elevated... 181 Atlantic 36
Boston & Maine... 194 Calumet & Hecla.."95
C B & Q 196U Centennial ...: 30
Dominion Coa4 .... 40V4 Franklin '... 17
Do prefd 113Vi Humboldt ....25
U S Steel 48T4.0sceola ............. 88
Do prefd 98% Parrot 62
Genl Elec 266 Quincy : 172 I
Mexican Central .. 2SU Santa Fe Copper... ~\i
N E Gas & Coke.. 7»,i Tamarack 338
Old Colony 208 Utah Mining *30>,£
Old Dominion 82 Wlnona 215;
Rubber 21^4 Wolverines 58H
Silver and Exchange as previously quoted.
Wheat and Wheat freights weak.
Feed Barley quiet. Brewing still in demand for shijtmHft:
Red and black Oats continue weak.
Corn and Rye unchanged and neglected. ' •
Beans and Seeds very dull and nominal.
Hay in lighter receipt, but still iveak. Feedstuff s unchanged:"
Potatoes, and Onions steady. Vegetables continue plentiful. .
Butter and Eggs going into cold storage. Cheese steady.
Poultry market weak under ample arrivals.
Oranges, Lemons and Limes in liberal supply and weak.
Supplies of fresh Fruits ample for all current needs.
Old Dried Fruits pretty well cleaned up.
Nuts, Raisins and "Honey continue quiet and featureless.
Hants and Lard firm. Bacon steady. Barreled Provisions quiet.
Nothing new in Hides, Wool and Hops.
Hogs firm, Beef steady and Mutton rather firm.
Pacific Codfish in light supply and firm.
Grain Bags firmly held at the good prices. .'.
Trading still light on the local exchanges. sljp^'' '.'¦¦"/'"- T '
Another advance in Salt.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Immediate requirements.. Prices . were . without
change. ; State, common to good, 3\4®5c;. prime,
5H@G%c; choice: 6@6i4crfancy. 6%<g/7e. > ,--" .s
' California:. dried fruits ruled inactive, but
nominally steady. *¦-. •: • ':
.. PRUNES— 2%@6^c per lb," as to size and
quality. - ¦ . : - ... !
. APRICOTS— Royal.' 8i©12c;Moorpark. 7V4@12c.
PEACHES— Peeled, ll@18c- unpeeled, 6@10c.
' CHICAGO, June .25.— Wheat opened lower on
cables, j together with good crop reports. There
was . very little trading, with offerings quite
general. Bradstreet's report of a decrease of
4,400,000 bushels In the. world's visible supply
was a 'strengthening influence, and prices ral
lied after the opening,' which was at
the . low point ' of the day. The -general news,
however, was ' bearish, the splendid showing
of the new crop in the Southwest being a
leading factor. . The first car of new wheat
arrived here to-day from Oklahoma and was
'perfect In . quality and condition. ¦ September
opened t Vi<S%c to • lower at 6Cc to 66Vic.
There was considerable commission house sell
ing : around these figures. A rally was
brought • about by shorts covering, the price
going to 66>,4c. A slight reaction followed,
but the- close was firm and V4c down at 66%@
66M1C. :"¦;.'
Lower cables imparted a weakness to corn
at the opening,- and the continued liquidation
of July holdings tended to increase the bear
ish feeling. Receipts continue small and the
demand poor. Reports of damage 'by the heat
in the West . were considered by some a bull
feature. September closed %@%c higher at
44?i@44%c.
; Liquidation of July and selling of that op
tlcn by Phillips was the feature in the oats
market. The spread between July and Sep
tember : narrowed to %c. September closed %c
higher at 26%.
Provisions were ¦ dull a,nd the market feat
ureless. September, pork closed 10c lower,
lard 5c lower and ribs 2^4c lower.
Tho leading futures ranged as follows:
WHEAT— Spot, dull; No. 2 red Western win
ter, fa 7Hd ; No. . 1 Northern spring. 6s 7%d ;
No. 1 California; 6s 1044d: futures, dull; July,
6s C«4d; Seotember, ,Es 6%d.
CORN— Spot, firm; American mixed (new), 4s
old. 4s 2%d: futures, quiet; July, 3s ll^dj
September, 4s; October, 4s %d. A . '
LONDON, June 25.— Consols. 93 7-16;, Silver,
27%c: French Rentes, lOOf 27^c; wheat cargoes
on passage, buyers Indifferent .operators: car
goes No. 1 Standard California, 29s, 6d; cargoes
Walla AValla,'28slO%d; English country mar
kets, part cheaper. "
LIVERPOOL, June "25.— Wheat, quiet; .No. 1
Standard Calitornla, 5s lCd; Wheat in Paris,
steady; flour in Paris, steady: French • country
markets,' firmer; weather in England,", fine. .
, COTTON— Uplands, _ 4 13-16d. ' •
'¦^'-'^ ¦ CLOSING.
TACOMA, June 23.— Weaker and no demand.
Market 2c lower for bluestem at 59c; club lc
lower at 58c.
! Foreign Markets.
PORTLAND, June 25.— Walla Walla 57@5Sc
for export. - < v
. WASHINGTON. . .
OREGON.
Northern Wheat Market.
PORTLAND,' June . 23.— Clearings, $fS4,431;
balances, ' $3S,026. ¦' ¦ ¦ ' '•'
Following are - the quotations: Territory,
scoured basis. ' Montana fine medium and fine,
10@14c:«coured. 40@42c; staple, 14@15c: scour
ed, 44®'45c; Utah, Wyoming and Idaho, fine
and medium, and fine, 13@14c: scoured. 40@42c:
staple, 14@14%c; scoured, 43@44c.
Australian, scoured basis, spot prices, comb
ing 1 fiUDerfine, 71@72c; good, 68@70c; average,
65@67c. • .
\ Portland's Business.
expect to.be short. "There Is an N absence of
speculative feeling. Nevertheless, this hand
to-mouth ¦trading- makes fair business, but
there Is . not enough activity to bring -about
any ¦ advance ¦ in prices. . • ¦. • • •
Territory wools continue to head the. list
ot sales, with. fine medium and "fine selling at
40@42c. ••¦•¦¦ ...'•¦ ... .
Australian wools are firm, but there are few
of these wools on the market
CANNED FRUITS - The California Fruit
Cannes ; quote as follows:, In 2^-lb tins: Ap
ples, $1 lafcl m; Apricots, - $1(81 50( Cherries
r GRAIN BAGS— The market for Grain Bags
continues ttrmly held, San Quentln Bags, $5 65-
Calcutta Grain Bags, 1%C'.. local make, tfc less
than Calcuttas; Wool Bag3. 32@3Sc' Fleece
Ttwine, 7V2®Sc. . .
General Merchandise.
LAMB— Spring, 8«,i©9o per pound. ¦
POR^Tu Llv f Hprs< Mn)s an( l under, 6%c
over 2C0 lbs, 6cj feeders, ; sowa, 20 per cent
off, bears 50 per cent off and stairs 40 per cent
off from the above quot&tlons; dressed Hukh
7*&<S9lac. ¦ -j *
VEAI,— Large, 7V»©8c: small. 8©3c per lb
MUTTON-Wethers, 7@8c; Ewes. 7@7Uc per
pound. . _*/\
\ Hogs rule firm at the advance already noted
and arrivals are lighter. Meet Is steady and an
occasional bullock brings 7V4c There Is no
change In Veal, but Mutton and Lamb are
slightly higher on the Inside quotation.
Wholesale rates from ulaughterers to dealer*
are ns follows: \ ¦ .
BEEF— 6%<37Vie for Steers and 6©«'/o per- lb
for cows. '"OoSVSMSa
San Francisco Meat Market.
Good sound Hides continue to meet with a
steady demand, and previous prices are quoted.
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about VAc under quotations. Heavy Salted
Steers. 10%c;- medium, 9@9%c; light. 9c; Cow
Hides, 8Vi<f?9e for heavy and 8®8Hc for light;
Stags, 6Vsc: Salted Kip, 9Hc; Salted Veal.
9%f?10c: Raited Calf. 10c; Dry Hides. 18@16Hc;
Culls, l3V4<fJ14e: Dry Kip, 16c: Dry Calf, 1S^4@
17c: Culls and Brands, 13@14c; Sheepskins,
BherrllngB,. .15flf3Oc each; short Wool, 30<g50c
eacn; medium. 60@75c; long Wool, 80c@$l
each; Horss Hides, salt, $2 50(®2 76 for large
and $2 25 for medium. *1 50^1 75 for small and
60c for Colts; Horse Hides, dry, $1 75 for large.
J}1 50 for medium. II 2.'i for small and 50c for
Colts. Deerskins— Summer or red skins, 35c
fall or medium skins. 30c: winter or thin skins.
20o. Goatskins— Prime Angoras, 75c; large and
smooth. SOc;. medium. 35c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 4^»®4%c per lb:
choice. 5c: No. 2, 3H®4c; grease. 2©2«4c.
WOO 1^— Spring. 1C0O or . 1901— Humboldt and
Mendoolno. iZQUhiu per lb: Northern, free. 12®
13c; defective. 9>&llc: Middle County, free, 10©
lie: do defective, S©10c; Southern. 12 months,
8fp3e; Southern, free. 7 months. 7<f?10c: do, de
fective. 7 months. 7W8«v. Oregon Valley, fine
14ifrl5c: do, medium and coaroe. -ll©13c; Oregon"
EaBtern. choice. ll@13c; do, fair to good. 9<gilc'
Nevada, lie.
. HOPS— 15@20c per lb.
Local dealers report small sales of Wool at
unchanged prices. Hops continue dull, as buy
ers are Indifferent as to the coming crop and
the growers are unwilling to make contracts.
Hides, Tallow, Wool, and Hops.
CURED MEATS — Bacon. 12c per lb for heavy.
12V4c for light medium. 13Vic for light. U\t,c for
extra light and lo^jc for sugar-cured; Eastern
sugar-cure^Hams, 13V4c; California Hams. 13c:
Mess Beef. $13 per bbl: extra Mess. $12 50;
Family. $13 ?.0; prime Mess Pork, $15: ..extra
clear. $23; Mess. ?13; Smoked Beef, 13^@14c
per lb.
LARD— Tierces quoted at 69ic per lb for. com
pound anl lCVfcc for pure: half- barrels, pure,
10%c; 10-lb tins. llUc; 5-lb tins. ll%c.
COTTOLENE— Ona half-barrel, 9%c; three
half-barrels. 9Uc: one tierce, 9!gc; two tierces,
9c; five tierces, 8*jc per lb.
Hams are firm at the advance already noted.
Lard is also firm, but Bacon Is not. The de
mand for barreled goods Is reported light.
Provisions.
HONEY— Comb. 10011c for bright and 9*?9»^c
for light amber; water white extracted. 5@5>,2c;
light amber extracted, 4®4^c; dark, 3&c.
BEESWAX— 25«?2Sc per lb.
NUTS— Walnuts. No'. 1 softshell. lKSll^c; No.
2, 8@8Hc: No. 1 hardshell. lfcfflOHc; No. 2. 6%@
7%c; Almonds, 13@14c for paper-shell. 10@llc
for. softshell and 5@6c for hardshell; Peanuts,
5<g6c for Eastern; Brazil Nuts, ll@ll^c; Fil
berts, 12@12V-c; Pecans, ll@13c; Cocoanuts,
*3 50<?5.
RAISINS— The Raisin Growers' Association
has established the following prices: Bleached
Thompson's fancy, 12c per lb; choice, lie;
standard, 10c; prime, 9c; unbleached Thomp
son's, 9c per lb. Sultanas — Fancy. 10%c per lb;
choice, 9]£c; standard, 8%c: prime; 8c; un
bleached Sultanas, 8c; Seedless, 50-lb... boxes,
6V4c; 4-crown. 7c; 3-crown. 6^c; 2-crown, 6c;
Pacific brand — 2-crown. 5c; 3-crown, 5Uc and
4-crown. 5%c; seeded (Fresno prices), 5',ic; Lon
don Layers, 2-crown, $130 per, box; 3-crown.
$1 60; Fancy Clusters. $2; Dehesa, $2 50; Im
perials, ?3. All prices f.' o. b. at common ship
ping points in California.
PRUNES— 1 sizes. 3c; 40-50s. 6Uc; 5O-6Os. 4Uc;
60-70s. 3%c; 70-80s, 3UC; S0-9Cs, 2%c; 90-lOOs, 2%c;
100-120S, l»*c.
FRUITS— Apricots. E@7V2C for old crcp and
7%®9c for new; Evaporated Apples. 5%@6c;
sun dried. l%@2V£c; Peaches, 3*4@4c for stand
ard, 4%S7ri',2C for choice and 6<@6V:C for fancy;
Pears, 2@7c; Plums, pitted, 3@4c; unpitted, %@
l%c;'-: Nectarines, 4@4'/4c for red and 4@5c for
white. .
" There Is nothing new in Prunes, nor Is there
as yet any talk about prices for new Peaches.
Nuts, Raisins and Honey continue- dull at
previous prices. • •
Though there is very little spot business, the
market seems to be in better shape than for
some time back. Apricots are firm, and
choice new Royals have advanced to 9c. Ap
plps and Peaches are reported well cleaned up,
and even Pears, which have been reported neg
lected ever since last fall, are now reduced to
a light stock, and the feeling in them is firm,
owing to the light crop expected.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
CITRUS FRUITS-Navel Oranges. 73cU$2;
SoefillnRn, 25cfj$l 23; Mediterranean Sweet*.
KOcitMl 10; Valencia*, tl 60422 25; Lemons, 73c©
$1 25 for common and $1 SC®2 ".0 for good to
choice: Grape Fruit. 50cQ$l SO; Mexican Limes,
HIV,; Bananas, $l<ff2 per bunch for New Or-
Ir.m* and 75c0$2 for Honolulu; Pineapples,
$1 S01T2 CO per dozen.
MELONS— Watermelons from Indlo, $2®3 per
ilcz.-n: . NutniPKH from Yuma. II 2301 50 per
crate: from Indlo, In large crates, $3<R3 CO.
GRAPES— Seedless, from Arizona, $1 50®l 73
per crate.
FIGS— Black, 35<Uj0c per box for single and
F>iw?i for double layers; White. cufjCOc per
box. .
CURRANTS— $3®3 CO per chest.
PEARS— Madelines. 15ft 25c per basket: Dear
born Seedlings, 40@C0c per box; Bartletts. $1 40
per basket.
STRAWBERRIES— $3(96 per chest for Long
worths and $3 E0R5 for large berries.
LOGAN BERRIES— S2«6 per chest.
BLACKBERRIES— $2 5004 per chest and 50c
per crate. \
RASPBERRIES— $3 S0fl« per chest and 73c
per crate.
GOOSEBERRIES— 20@30c per drawer and 1®
2c In bulk.
PLUMS— 15@40c per box and 20@40c per bas
ket; Prunes, 35@65c per crate for Tragedy;
Plums, in bulk, $10 per ton..
CHERRY PLUMS— 15@25c per box.
PEACHES-20@60c per box and 20®30c per
basket.
APRICOTS— 20@5Oc per box, 35®65c per crate
and 12%(Jf30c per basket; in bulk, $10@25 per ton.
CHERRIES— 40@90c for dark and 50@S5c for
Royal, Anne; In bulk. 5@7c Der,lb for black,
3Wdic for red and 5@Sc for Royal Anne.
' APPLES— Cold storage, old. $1 25@2 50 , per
box; new, 35(§85c per large box and 13@3jc per
basket. • " •
DECIDUOUS FRUITS,
The Orange market is still reported depressed.
Two cars ( will be auctioned to-day. Lemons
and Limes continue plentiful and weak.
The situation In orchard fruits remains about
as for a week past. All kinds except Cherries,
which axe disappearing, are 'In ample supply
and quotations have shown little change for
some. days. There are a good many Figs and
Apricots .. lying: around and the Apricots are
mostly poor. Stocks of Apples and Peaches
about balance the demand. Plums meet with
sufficient demand to keep them from declining
any. further and Prunes are selling very well.
Berries are in liberal supply and cheap.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
CHEESE— Fancy, full cream, 8c; choice. 7%e;
common, nominal: Young Americas, 9c; East
ern, full cream. 14@16c per lb.
EGGS— . .
California Ranch— Selected white, 16c; mixed
colors. , 14%c per dozen.
California Gathered— Selected, 14c; standard,
12J4c; seconds, ——.
.- Eastern — Standard. 14V4c per dozen.
Eggs are still depressed and dealers are be
ginning to put more or less Into cold storage to
get rid "of the surplus, i Stocks are very large.
Prices are slightly off again In the open mar
ket.
Cheese is steady and. unchanged, though
there Is plenty here.
Butter is being placed in cdld storage every
day. and by this means the supply Is kept
down to a manageable point as far as fresh
goods are concerned. But the cold storage
goods will come on the market some day. so
the Butter is here all the same. The demand
Is slow.
. Receipts were 4G.60O pounds and 151 tubs of
Butter. .21,000 pounds Eastern Butter.' 1167 cases
of Eggs, 3S5 cases ' Eastern Eggs. 7750 pounds
of California Cheese and pounds Eastern
Cheese. '
OPEN MARKET QUOTATIONS.
BUTTER— Creamery. 17V6@18c per lb for
fancy and 16&@17c for seconds; dairy. 14@16^c
per lb.
CHEESE — New,' S@9c; old. nominal; Young
Americas, 9@10c' per lb.
EGGS— Ranch, 15iSj)17*$c for good -to fancy;
store. 12%<S>14c per dozen.
DAIRY EXCHANGE QUOTATIONS.
BUTTER— |
Creamery — Extras, 17c; firsts, 16c; seconds.
Dairy— Extras, 16c; firsts. 15c; seconds. 14c:
store. 13c.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Broilers, $3@4 for large and $202 50 for small;
Pigeons. $1 25@1 75 per dozen for old and 11 53
©1 75 for Squabs.
GAME— Hare. »l 50; Rabbits. $1 50 for Cot
tontail and $1 25 for prush.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAL.TJV WEDNESDAY; JUNE 26; 7 1901;
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
San Francisco and Vicinity — Fair Wednes
day: warmer; fresh westerly winds, with fog
in the afternoon. .
ALEXANDER G. McADIE.
Forecast Official
Utah— Cloudy Wednesday: warmer Wednes
day nlcht; brisk westerly wind.
Arizona— Cloudy Wednesday; probably show
ers In the mountains; brisk southerly wind.
The temperature has remained nearly sta
tionary In California and continues relatively
cool and excellent for all crops. Over Northern
Utah thrre has been a fall of 14 decreed.
A thunder storm is reported at Baker City.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight June 26:
Northern California— Fair Wednesday; warm
er: fresh northerly winds.
Southern California— Fair Wednesday; fresh
westerly winds.
Nevada — Fair; warmer Wednesday; brisk
Vhe premure . has . risen during the past
twelve hours In Northern California. A de
pression of some depth overlies New Mexico
and Arizona and moderate rain, with high
southwest winds Is reported In Southern New
Mexico. Sprinkles of rain ore reported from
Wlimcmiiittt to Salt l>nk<\
FOItECAST.
Temperature 7 a. m., BO degrees.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
Continued on Paga Eleven.
THE COAST RECORD.
PARIS.
8
Chicago Grain Market.
STATION'S. '
I-
.3
"-3
<»
<»
re K « 2. 3
•SS 1 3g
¦ : 3 : 2 g. 3
. Jiff..
.2°
¦ ¦ •»
p
Astoria S0.10 54 60 SW Cloudy
jiakw 29.94 £8 40 N . Rain
Carson 29.94 64 44 SW Clear
Kureka. ..': 20.06 ' 68 .45 - N1V Clear
Fresno 29.84 « 48 NW Clear
Flagstaff ....29.86 76 44 SW Clear
: ocateUo, Id IS.S6 60 . 48 - W Cloudy
.34
.01
.00
• CO
.00
.00
T.
Independence ....29.6S 78 5S KW Clear .00
U>b Angeles...... 29. 84 72 64 EW Clear ¦ .00
Phoenix 23.60 100 68 NW Clear** .00
"••••u-"d so.04 62 50 NW Cloudy .32
Red Bluff 29.90 78 B8 SE. Clear .X-
Roseburg 30.02 66 42 N Pt Cldy .00
Sacramento 29.92 76 43 SW Clear .CO
Salt Lake.... 29.84 72 52 NW Pt Cldy T.
San Francisco. ...30. 00 58 48 SW Clear .CO
San Luis Oblepo.29.96 70 42 W -Clear .00
San Diego 28. S2 68 60 NW Clear .00
Seattle 30.00 64 48 a Cloudy .OS
Spokane 29.86 6S 42 W\ Cloudy . .00
N»ah Bay.... 30.04 54 "4S S\fr Cloudy 1.00
Walla Walla 29.94 60 46 8 Pt Cldy T.
Wlnnemucca .....r9.8S C2 40 NW Pt C!dy T.
Tuma 29. G2 96 €S SW Clear .00
Independence ....29.6S 78 5S KW Clear .00
U>b Angeles...... 29. 84 72 64 EW Clear ¦ .00
Phoenix 23.60 100 68 NW Clear** .00
"••••u-"d so.04 62 50 NW Cloudy .32
Red Bluff 29.90 78 B8 SE. Clear .X-
Roseburg 30.02 66 42 N Pt Cldy .00
Sacramento 29.92 76 43 SW Clear .CO
Salt Lake.... 29.84 72 52 NW Pt Cldy T.
San Francisco. ...30. 00 58 48 SW Clear .CO
San Luis Oblepo.29.96 70 42 W -Clear .00
San Diego 28. S2 68 60 NW Clear .00
Seattle 30.00 64 48 a Cloudy .OS
Spokane 29.86 6S 42 W\ Cloudy . .00
N»ah Bay.... 30.04 54 "4S S\fr Cloudy 1.00
Walla Walla 29.94 60 46 8 Pt Cldy T.
Wlnnemucca .....r9.8S C2 40 NW Pt C!dy T.
Tuma 29. G2 96 €S SW Clear .00
STATION'S. '
I-
.3
"-3
<»
<»
re K « 2. 3
•SS 1 3g
¦ : 3 : 2 g. 3
. Jiff..
.2°
¦ ¦ •»
p
Astoria S0.10 54 60 SW Cloudy
jiakw 29.94 £8 40 N . Rain
Carson 29.94 64 44 SW Clear
Kureka. ..': 20.06 ' 68 .45 - N1V Clear
Fresno 29.84 « 48 NW Clear
Flagstaff ....29.86 76 44 SW Clear
: ocateUo, Id IS.S6 60 . 48 - W Cloudy
.34
.01
.00
• CO
.00
.00
T.
FRIDAY. June 28. at 11 o'clock, at J. D.
Horan's salesyards. corner Tenth and Bryant
sts. By order of Captain Hackett. I will sell
100 head of the finest bred trotting and run-
ning horses ever offered in California; also
several matched carriage teams, polo ponies
and work horses of every description. Thn
above stock was formerly owned by Dan Mc-
Carthy. They are all well broken to and bred
in the purple and will positively be sold to th«
highest bidder without reserve. Catalogues day
of sale. S. WATKIXS. Auctioneer.
AUCTION SALE.
-£a £* JN
SPEED. SPEED. SPEED.
5Vx
On THURSDAY, Jnly 11,
AUCTION SALES
The undersigned will sell at auction, with-
out reserve.
Over FIFTY «5O) CHOICE STAND-
ARD TROTTERS and PACERS
Bred at Oakwood Stock Farm, Danville. Cml.
Every 'one guaranteed perfectly broken, sin-
gle and double, sired by Charles Darby 2:20
Stelnway 2:25%. El Benton. Don L. etc.
¦There are many well-matched stylish car-
riage and road teams among them. It will pay
Intending purchasers, who are seeking flrst-
clasa gentle driving horses they can depend
upon. tf> wait for this grat sale. Catalogues
issued at once.
WILLIAM G. LAYNG. Auctioneers
OCCIDENTAL HORSE EXCHANGE. 721
HOWARD ST.. SAN FRANCISCO.
AUCTION SALE
775 Head of YOXTNG BROKEN OTmso.
WORK and DRAFT HORSES, suitable for
bakers, milkmen, express, contractors, brewery.
delivery, etc., weighing from 1OOO to 150O;
matched teams.
PROPERTY OF J. W. CHURCHILL OF
YREKA and others.
To bo sold on THURSDAY. June *7. 1901.
. At 11 a. m., at
Salesyard. 1732 MARKET STREET, corner
Van Ness avenue.
FRED H. CHASE & CO..
Successors to KlUlp & Co.,
¦'."--.- Livestock Auctioneers.Suite for. divorce were filed yesterday by
Rosa Friedman against Max Friedman
for", desertion and -Marie Walling against
Oscar T.- Walling for cruelty. ,
Decrees of divorce were granted yester
day to Frances L. Knierin from Charles
Knlerln for desertion. Daisy Regan from
John E. Regan for desertion and Sophie
McCann from John H. McCann for failure
to provide. . : : '':¦-.¦.
In the IMvorce Court. \
1 For full information, relative to these
examinations, application forms, etc., ap
ply to the United ¦ States Civil Service
Commission, Washington, D. C.
1 The United States. Civil Service Commis
sion announces that on dates mentioned
in all cities having postal free delivery
examinations will be held for the follow
ing positions:' ...•„..
July 23. 1901.— Aid, Coast and Geodetic
Survey; salary $720 per annum. Electri
cian, custodian service. Federal building,
Buffalo, N. Y.; salary $900 per annum.
Copper plate map engraver in the Geo
logical Survey; salary from $3 to $4 per
diem, according • to the qualifications of
the eligible, to be certified. ; Farmer. In
dian service. This position pays from $030
to $720 per annum at the start, with pros
pect of promotion to $900 a year, and in
addition quarters are furnished. There
are now twenty-two vacancies. Age limit
20 years or over. On the same date. July
23. an examination .will be held for farmer
and carpenter at the Fort Bldwell, Cal..
school: salary $600 per annum. This ex
amination will be the same as that for
farmer, with an additional inquiry into
the applicant's experience in- carpentry.
August 20, 21. .22. 1901.— Mechanical
draughtsman; Testing Department, at the
Watertown Arsenal. Massachusetts, and
for other simitar vacancies as they may
occur. . • ...
TJ, S. Civil Service Examinations.
- GUTHR^E, O. T., June 25.— As a result
of a quarrel, to-day over town lots In Ad
dington, in. the Kiowa Indian Reservation,
R. S. Castleberry shot. J. M. -Wambold,
president of/ the First National Bank,
three times, the bullets entering Wam
bold's stomach,' Inflicting mortal wounds.
Castleberry then turned his ; gun on' Hor
ace. Addlneton.'who. wag-attracted to the
scene by the shooting, and shot him In the
shoulder, inflicting a dangerous •' wound.
Castleberry- surrendered -to the Marshal.
i.! » -'-'...'¦ .. -• — ' — ,i : •'¦ ' •¦• .¦
, Torpedo Boats " Collide.
YOKOHAMA, • June ' 25.— In the fleet
maneuvers off the Island of .Tsumlha to
day three Japanese torpedo boats collided.
It is reported that one of them sank 'and
that several men were drowned. -
kills bank president
/after land quarrel
i : Adverse Winds and Is Carried. -
Southward. .
SAN : DIEGO, June 25.— A- strahger in
port is the schooner Helen of nine tons
register. Captain Lockhart, which arrived
here some time during last nlght^ thirteen
days from San Francisco, whence she
sailed on the 12th of the month for St.
Michael, Alaska. When two days out
from San Francisco the schooner ran Into
a gale which started her seams and con
siderable water came .over her . side and
damaged the stores. Captain Iiockhart
decided to run -for San Francisco, . but.
meeting adverse winds, the vessel ' was
forced south and finally brought to off the
heads of San Piego harbor; It will take
several days" to make .the necessary re
pairs and then Captain Lockhart will
start for 'the north .once more.
Little Schooner Helen Encounters
PUTS IN AT SAN DIEGO
INSTEAD OF ST. MICHAEL
WHITEHALL, N.Y., June 25.-Joseph
Cook, the' distinguished lecturer and au
thor. Is dead at his summer . home in
Ticonderoga; He was born ; January 23
1848. He had been- in ill health for sev
eralyears. Mr. Cook is best remembered
by, his efforts: to show' in- his lectures the
harmony of the Bible with science. 1 ' *
,¦ • .¦• ¦• -=:..• ••".. ¦ ¦ ¦¦¦¦¦¦¦• •:;¦".'
John H. Trice.
: ST. JOSEPH, Mo., June; ~ 25.'— John • H.
Trice, ; a prominent I Democratic politician
of this place and late member of the local
Police Commlssionersr died this morning.
THE DAY'S DEAD,
Joseph: Cook.
: .Robert McElroy, the agent , of the Phe
lan building, was run over/and severely
Injured yesterday % ; morning about 3 11
o'clock by a buggy which was being driv
en .by John •Dougherty, chief' assistant : of
the Fire Department. McElroy's collar
bone was fractured, his shoulder was dis
located and his head } and body were
¦bruised in numerous* places. ¦ :•>-.-,-•
The accident occurred at the corner of
Third and Market streets. The assistant
chief was racing his horse in order to
reach a fire on the. water front. Mr. Me-
Elroy, who is 74 years of /age, claims not
to have heard any warning of the ap
proaching fire wagon. .'He was removed
at once to his residence at the corner of
Halght and Buchanan streets.- Although
his injuries are not of a fatal nature, it is
feared that, because of his advanced age,
they will permanently ' cripple him: \
ROBERT KEcELRO Y KNOCKED
DOWN BY A FIRE BUGGI'
LOS ANGELES, June 25.— It. has been
determined that the memorial to the late
Senator Stephen M. White! will be In the
form of a life-sized statue, which will be
located in the courthouse grounds, at the
Broadway entrance.
Statue of Senator White.
ROME, June 26.— Owing to his increas
ing feebleness Dr. Lapponl, his physician,
has forbidden the Pope to follow his usual
custom of passing the hot weather in a
pavilion in the Vatican garden! Notwith
standing this fact ho alarm concerning
the Pope is felt. It is reported that at
the recent audience between the Pope and
Cardinal Gibbons the' Pope bade the latter
a touching farewell, saying he would
probably never see him again..
SANTA ROSA, June, 25.— The young
man drowned in, Sonoma Creek, near
Kenwood, yesterday was Albert Nelson.
He had been swimming while on a picnic
and was just preparing- to come out. "Just
one more dive," he said; but it'. was his
last. He went under, but did not come
up. His mother and several other ladies
and children were on the bank, but were
unable to render any assistance- The
young man drowned before their eyes. He
was a son of James Nelson, who is con
nected with the California Home for
Feeble Minded at Glen Ellen.
¦ ¦ . . >
Pope. Leo Now More Feeble.
Mother Sees Son Drown.
Eligible to Take Part in the '
Big Procession.
There was a meeting of the parade com
mittee of the Fourth of July Committee
last evening, at which it was decided ¦ to
send invitations to parade to the Second
Brigade, N. G. C. ; the Naval Militia, the
men of the naval stations and to all in
dependent military societies. Some of
these have already agreed to parade,
among " them the Naval Militia and the
Second Brigade of the National Guard and
several of the independent military "so
cieties. - - ' ' : •: '. :.-¦ - , ¦ '•• . ¦. '
The committee requests that the line of
imarch be decorated with flags. ', "
The committee . is hampered by- the
meagerness of its allowance. . It must
conduct the parade for $800, and at the
way expenses are piling up the committee
will not come out more than even. An" at
tempt was made to have a reduction made
by the musicians' union from $7 a day and
$14 for band leaders to something lower,
but the attempt met with a refusal from
the union. . A similar attempt to have the
hack rate reduced from $7 to $5 a day was
successful. •-, -• •. -
Invitations Sent to All Organizations
PARADE ARRANGEMENTS
FOR FOURTH OF JITLT
• It was announced that the" commission
was prepared to receive propositions in
regard to the sale of lands, and that such
propositions should be accompanied by
maps, charts' and other necessary data
It was" 1 resolved that the -commission
should purchase only abutting and con
tiguous land, , so. that . when, the park
should be established there would be no
separation of- its parts by other property.
• The committee decided to call upon the
Legislature . to' appropriate a sufficient
sum to preserve the State > sempervirens
fcrest from fire. Some time in July or
August the commission will visit the Big
Basin to inspect. the dand of that: section
No particular, point for the location of the
park has, been selected and the commis
sion Is open to suggestions. . . ..'¦/.
The State Redwood Park Commission
met yesterday -afternoon at the Palace
Hotel to. confer with Governor. Gage as
to the proper method of expending the
$250,000 appropriated by the last Legisla
ture for the purpose of securing a State
park. The appropriation is payable at the
rate of $50,000 annually until the entire
amount Is exhausted: .
STATE PARK COMMISSION
READY FOB LAND OFFERS
Mrs. Benjamin Ide Wheeler,' Mrs. Emma
Shafter Howard. Mrs.' A. J. Ralston, Mrs.
Charles T. Palmer, Mrs. E. V. Hathaway. Mrs.
Clinton Day. Mrs. P. V. Papet. Mrs.- Julia S.
Kanborn, Mrs. Edna Snell Poulson and Mrs
"William Keith.
I have celebrated my seventeenth birthday
twice, and feel free to state my opinions in
rpgard to this matter. I have heard so much
of ¦ woman to-day. I • should like . to hear if
only once the name "Man." I confess to hav
ing still some very old-fashioned Ideas, and
one of them-, is' that " 'man' is master." / I
believe . In the old-fashioned Ideal for woman
hood. The old profession of woman — that ¦ of
home-making and home-bulldlng— I quite ap
prove of. Let ' man -keep his mastery as he
always has. and let woman be satisfied with
her place as his helpmeet.
The following named ladies constituted
the committee of arrangements:
At the conclusion of the discussion Mrs.
Worthington of Monterey sprang the
sensation of the day. Riaing in her place,
she eaid:
In the noon intermission the ladles in
dulged in a basket luncheon and at 2
o'clock Mrs. Sewall opened the afternoon
session by a short address »on "Recent
Legislation of Interest to Women."
And now, what has the club done? A study
of the sociological conditions in the United
States before the club era shows that the life
of women in those times was very isolated.
They only knew women who worshiped In
the . same church or the wives of those , men
who belonged to the same political party as
their own husbands. The club brought out
new lines, new thoughts and new ideas. It
has served to bring sects and creeds
and uncial relations together. This Is
what the women's club Is for: to bring you
out of the bondage of relationship only ' to
those who form your own religious sect or
political parties. This Is why the club has
become a great social force in out country.
women do begins In womanly things, and orig
inates in something extremely feminine. Soro
eIe Originated in the desire of a few women to
attend a party, the particular one being that
at which Charles Dickens was to be enter
tained when he came to New York. The Press
Club was to give the reception, and Jennie
June, who belonged to the Press Club, de
cided to get a new dress for the occasion. Her
husband told her this was unnecessary, as there
would be no women present. Discovering this
to be actually the- state of affairs, she
thought It was time for the women to organ
ize a separate club and entertain Mr. Dick-
The Alabama Editors.
The special train of the Santa Fe with
members of the Alabama State Press
Association aboard is expected to arrive
here at 6 o'clock this evening. Prepara
tions have been made to entertain the
visitors during their sojourn in the city.
Members of the association. Including
ladies of the party, will on Thursday be
afforded a trip around the bay on one of
the largest and speediest tugs of the
fipreckcls Company. The programme
provides that the tug will leave Paclflc-
Ftreet wharf at 9:30 a, m. to-morrow.
This evening the courtesies of the San
Francisco Club in the Claus Spreckels
building will be extended to the visitors.
To-morrow evening a reception under the
auppices of the local press, the California
Ftate Press Association and the San
Francisco Press Club will be given at the
rooms of the last named institution. A
drive to the Presidio, Golden Gate Park,
Cliff House and Sutro Heights will prob
ably be the feature of Friday next
The Alabama party Is traveling on a
special of ten cars provided with every
comfort and convenience.
Club Members Visit the Wisconsin.
Members of the Bohemian Club and
their ladies were epeclal guests aboard
the superb battleship Wisconsin yester
day afternoon. The hours from 2 until 5
o'clock were net apart exclusively for the
club delegation. Launches conveyed the
visitors from Folsom-street wharf to the
ship and return. Aboard the Wisconsin
the band discoursed sweet music, while
the accomplished officers, headed by Cap
tain Reiter, courteously escorted the vis
itors throughout the noble ship. The Wis
consin sails for Puget Sound to-day.
BERKELEY, June*" 25.—Represen
. tative women from Berkeley,
Oakland, Alameda and San Fran
cisco and other still more distant
cities tilled the First Unitarian
Church to-day to greet Mrs. May Wright
Sewall, president" "of the International
Council of Women, and to take part in
the symposium on "Women's Work and
Women's Clubs." Four separate topics
upon women's work weie programmed,
each of which was to be presented by Mrs.
Sewall. followed by. discussion by those
present.
Mrs. Emma Snell Paulson called the
meeting to order at 10 o'clock and asked
for nominations for a presiding officer.
Mrs. Emma Shafter Howard was -chosen
by acclamation, and immediately took the
chair. Her address of welcome pertained
to the function and importance of the
Women's International Council, wUch
was organized in 1883 with the object of
bringing women's work into universal,
concerted activity.
The introduction of Mrs. Sewall was ac
companied by a wave of enthusiasm that
swept over the assemblage and forced the
distinguished speaker to wait several min
utes before the applause ceased. Through
a misunderstanding the first topic was
changed, and Mrs. Sewall opened the dis
cussion with an address on "Women's
Clubs." She said in part:
The first well-known club Along the lines of
modern -onrantzation was . rot ¦ the Sorosls In
New Ycrk, not the New England Women's
Club In Boston, but one in a little town In
Indiana, called New Harmony. There the
Owen lamily, who gave bo much to the State
In richness of Intellect and who, when the
constitution of the State was formed, called
! for equal civil liberty to women, resided.
There was a gifted woman in the family, a
daughter, who had been sent to Germany and
France to Study. On her return ehe felt her
lon^linefs. and, by the association of a few
women of her kind, organized a women's club.
Ten years later in New York Jennie June
was asked by Alice and Phoebe Cary to or
g-anlze a women's club. Confronted by the
need of a constitution and Ignorant of the
methods of procedure, they consulted Ella
: Deets Clymer, a member of the New Harmony
' /Hub. She not only agreed to help them, but
i T?he was the chief writer of the original con-
I stltutlon of Sorosls.
How was Sorosis formed? Everything that
ATTORNEY KNTGHT RECEIVES
. A VERY SEVERE INJURY
George A. Knight of the law firm of
Knight & Heggerty, while, on his way to
court yesterday morning had an exceeding
ly narrow escape from being crippled for
life's. He had just stepped from the side
walk at the corner of Powell' and Mar
ket streets for the purpose of boarding
a car when he was struck by a wagon,
which was passing at great speed. One of
the wheels passed) over his left foot, in
flicting a cut which penetrated to . thr.
bone. ;>: ¦ .
Knight was conveyed to his room in the
Hotel Pleasanton, where the Injury was
dressed. On examination it was .found
that none of the tendons had been cut. It
will be at least ten days before Attorney
Knight will be able to return to his office.
Smugglers Caught on the Grant.'
Daniel Daly, an oiler employed on the
United States Transport Grant, and his
friend, Robert Cotton, formerly of the
City and County Assessor's office, were
arrested yesterday afternoon by Customs
Inspector L. Lorenzen as they were com
ing off the • steamer. Each man had silk
stockings, Embroidered shawls and" other
articles of silk stowed away under' his
vest, and each carried In his hand a Jap?
anese silk umbrella with daintily carved
Ivory heads and of the finest workman
ship. The men's cases will be taken be
fore the United States Grand Jury for in
dictment. . - - . ' . .-.:.. .
William Beveridge, second assistant en
gineer of the China, was indicted yester
day by the United States Grand Jury for
smuggling five yards of silk from that
steamer. • _ ' . •
The action of the court yesterday In
making absolute the decree nisi- obtained
in December, 1900, by George John Som
erville in his divorce suit against his wife,
in which Earl Russell was made core
spondent, was a purely legal formality.
In charging the Grand Jury the recorder
said that even if the Earl's divorce was
valid in the United States. It would hot
be binding In Great Britain. In the
course of the day the recorder notified
the Lord Chancellor (Lord Halsbury) of
the finding of the Grand Jury. A com
mittee of the House of Lords will be ap
pointed In due time to arrange the pro
cedure In the case.
LONDON, June 23.— In the Old Bailey
Court this morning the Grand Jury re
turned a true bill against Earl Russell for
bigamy and the recorder announced that
the trial would take, place in the House of
Lords.
Earl Russell Will Be
Tried in the House
of Lords.
REALM'S PEERS
TO BE JUDGES
MRS. WORTHINGTON SAYS
MAN SHOULD BE MASTER
AMOXG the notable new members
of -the Frawley company, which
will begin an eight weeks' en
gagement at the Grand Opera
house next week, is John Mason,
erstwhile one of Boston's stage favorites.
James Feore Promoted.
The position of janitor In the United
States Appraiser's building held by James
Feore at a salary of $800 per annum has
been abolished, and a new office created
to be known as assistant custodian of the
building, with a salary of $1200 per an
num. Feore has been transferred to the
new position.
in the Spanish church on Broadway anc
transferred to Mission San Jose. In 1S7J
he was made rector of Calaveras County
in 1880 rector of Spanish Town and in 18SI
rector of the church over which he stii:
presides.
Miss Rose Brown and Harry Rosenthal,
whose engagement is announced, will be
at home, Sunday. June 30, at 610 Octavla
street.
Samuel Kubey of Honolulu and Miss
Bertha Rosenberg of San Francisco were
married June 13 in Honolulu at Captain
and Mrs. Soule's residence.
Miss Charlotte G. Jewell has returned
from her visit to Boise, Idaho, and will be
pleased to pee her friends to-day prior to
her departure abroad.
Th«* Misses Hertz have removed from
Ough street to 2035 Lyon street.
M:ss Gertie Sloan Is spending her vaca
tion in Xaj>a.
Miss kaiherine Black, soprano soloist in
St. Mary's Cathedral choir, is spending
her vacation in Xicaslo. Marin County.
Mfrs Mabtrlle Quatman will take her place
in the choir during her absence.
Mr. and Mrs. I. Wechsler of 1275 O'Far
rell street have given up their house and
arc stopping- at The Montrose.
Mr. and Mrs. Stephen S. Rau have left
for a tour of the south. They expect to
be gone several weeks and will visit the
watering places."
Mr. and Mr?. Charles R. Overholtzer.
who r.ro now on their .wedding trip, will
be pleased to receive their friends at 1S0S
Post Ftreet after July 4.
Mr. and Mrs. Samuel Shaen have left
for Chicago and New York, to be absent
five months.
Henry A. Jacobs, attorney at law, is
spending- a few weeks in Lake County.
Mrs. L. Richardson, accompanied by her
daughter. Miss Lou Richardson, left last
Wednesday morning for England on an
extended visit to her son, Captain F. W.
Richardson.
EVENTS IN SOCIETY
For the last two years Mr. Mason, has
, been playing leading roles with the Froh
man stock company at Daly> Theater,
: New. York, there achieving a. considerable
success. The actor will make his first ap
pearance as Charles Darney in "The Only
Way," the part played here by Frank
Worthing last year on the occasion of the
play's presentation by Henry Miller at
the" Columbia. . .
"The Only Way" will be the first offer
ing of the Frawley company, and will
be put on next Monday evening. The
play made a sensation on its first pro
duction here last year, and. many play
goers will be glad to take advantage of
the opportunity to renew acquaintance
with Freeman Wills' clever dramatic ren
dering of Dickens' picturesque "Talo of
Two Cities." ...-.'
Local representatives of the Santa Fe
Railroad know nothing- of the proposed
plan to form an Italian, colony In the San
Joaquin Valley. According to a dispatch
published in a morning paper and alleged
to have cmannted from a Chicago Jour
nal, the Santa Fc Railroad Company was
about to send agents to Italy and later to
other European countries, whose labors,
It was expected, would result in ma'hy
thousands of Italians coming- to this
country and locating on lands in Southern
California, New Mexico and California.
The principal objective point in this State.
was said to be the San Joaquin Valley. '
H. K. Gregory, assistant general passen
ger agent- of the Santa Fe line, knows
nothing about this proposed plan
."Our latest folder," he said, "does not
give the namo of any agent in Italy.-Sev
eral'local Italian agents have spoken to
me about, .the matter. but...I' was' unable
to give them any information.' -.¦"Perhaps
later I-may have some advices from Chi
cago, where the head officers -are located,
bqt as yet- 1 cannot give any definite In
formation. In a matter of this kind I
think I would be early advised, . as it
would-be a matter- of great importance to
the Pacific Coast." .,
Chevalier Carlos F. Serra, ConsulTGen
eral of Italy, puts little credence in the
dispatch. He said: - .
"The better rlass of Italians can- find
as good opportunities at" home as they can
here, for the employment and enjoyment
of their wealth. I do-not expect any gen
eral exodus of my countrymen. Too many
considerations are involved. .When an
Italian leaves -Mb native land and settles
in this country he generally does so on
the advice- of a relative who preceded
him. He soon fits himself.. to conditions
and rears his lamily, and his sons "and
daughters become an integral part of the
community. From my knowledge of my
people I would unhesitatingly say that the
proposition would not for a moment be
seriously considered, as the problem of
earning a. living: would be. a. most serious
question until the^arid lands could be
made productive. An Italian with suffi
cient capital to farm for. three years or
more without return would probably pre
fer to remain at home."
Proposed Colony in San Joaquin Val
ley ~ Generally "Deemed a- •". •
Dream. .
ITALIAN IMMIGRANTS..
NOT LIKELY TO COME
POPULAR EASTERN ACTOR WHO
IS TO APPEAR AT THE GRAND
OPERA-HOUSE.
.The site selected consists of 668 acres In
the western, or unimproved portion .of
Forest Park, which contains between 1300
and 1400 acres and Is the second largest
city park in the country. . In addition 450
acres adjoining on the south and west
are available. This makes a total of 1118
acres, or one-third more space than was
used by the Columbian Exposition In Chi
cago.
1 More than one-third of the entire site is
level ground, the highest point of which is
186 feet above, the city. More than two
thirds of the grounds will average sixty
eight feet above the city. It is In the
neighborhood of magnificent residences.
One river and ten creeks flow through the
site and there ' are numerous artificial
lakes in it. "
; The park is said to have the most
adequate transportation facilities of any
In the world and there are guarantees that
the present service of steam and electric
railways will handle 300,000 persons a day,
and can readily be doubled. ' Forest Park
Is within easy walking distance of more
than 150,000 residents. It is four miles
from the Union station and five and one
half miles west from the Eads bridge.
'ST. LOUIS, June 25.— At Its regrular
monthly meeting, to-day the board of di
rectors of the' Louisiana Purchase Exposi
tion unanimously adopted the report of
the executive committee, which has se
lected the site of Forest Park as its choice
for the location of the World's Fair to be
held in this city in 1903. A resolution was
adopted empowering the executive com
mittee, to report the result of the board's
action to the national committee for rati
fication. . V
Directors of Louisiana
Exposition Make
Decision.
SELECT A SITE
FOR GREAT FAIR
Y|-^y EV. ANTONIO M. 8ANTAN
II JJ DREU, pastor of the Church of
Kjt' Nuestra Senora de Gundalupe,
ll^N. yesterday celebrated the twenty
fifth anniversary of his • ordina
tion to the priesthood.' A solemn high
mass was celebrated in, the Spanish
church and the parishioners crowded the
place of worship and prayed that their
beloved pastor might continue' his noble
work. Archbishop RIordan Is in retreat
at Santa Clara College and was unable
to lend his presence on this auspicious
occasion. . He, however, sent a- beautiful
letter and a breviary to the pastor in ap
preciation of his services to the church.
-At the solemn high mass Father San
tandreu acted as celebrant and Father
Lagan and Father Cummings, his class
mates,- acted as his- assistants. Special
music was rendered by an augmented
choir under the direction of Professor Ar
rillaga.
• In the afternoon the Sunday school Class
tendered a reception- to the father . and
presented him with beautiful gifts. A
number of presents were given Father
Santandreu by his people.
Father Santandreu was born at Burgos,
Spain. After years of study in the Semi
nary of Urgel he finished his ecclesiasti
cal course In All Hallows College of For
eign Missions, Dublin, Ireland, where he
was ordained. At the request of the late
Archbishop Alemany he came to Califor
nia. He was appointed assistant priest
Engine Strikes a Handcar.
CLOVERDALE, June 25.— Section Boss
Thomas Flnnerty, of the California
Northwestern Railroad here, was serious
ly injured In a railway accident this
morning. Flnnerty and. his " crew were
coming up the railroad track on a hand
car when an unexpected special freight
train approached from the rear, struck
the handcar and hurled it and the men
twenty feet into the air; Their escape
from death was miraculous. -
LOS ANGELES, June 25.— Ben Trimble
; of Los Angeles knocked out Tom Reilly
.of San Francisco in the final round of a
twenty-round contest before the Alpha
Athletic Club to-night. The end came
rather suddenly in the last thirty seconds
of the fighting. During a mix-up, Trim
ble sent in a vicious right swing to the
jaw that floored Reilly. As the latter
struggled to his feet the local man fin
ished his helpless opponent with a suc
cession of rights and lefts to the face.
Previous to the knockout Reilly had a
shade the better of the contest, landing
two blows to Trimble's one, besides dis
playing great cleverness in blocking the
latter's blows. Owing to the fact that
Trimble was at least nine pounds over
weight, the men agreed to a division of
the purse. Harry Stuart refereed the con
test. .*"':".-. ¦/* : ';-
Twentieth Bound.
Knockout Comes at the Close of the
TBTMTtTiTi DEFEATS BEELLT. '
INDIANAPOLIS, June 26.— A specla! to
the Sentinel from Peru at 2:30 this
(Wednesday) morning says: Westbound
passenger train No. 3. on the Wabash
Railroad, ran into a washout at Cass, fif
teen miles west of here at 12:30 o'clock
this morning, wrecking the engine and five
cars. It .is rumored that fifteen persona
were killed. -¦*_
The train is due at Peru at 10:55, but
left here one hour late In charge of Con
ductor Brownley. It was running at high
speed to make up lost time, and When
near Cass, a switch five miles east of Lo
gansport, plunged through a trestle that
had been weakenea by a washout. The
engine was demolished and the three pas
senger coaches and two baggage cars
.were derailed and overturned. Every
surgeon in Peru . was summoned and the
relief party left for the scene. Details
are meager, but It is rumored Engineer
Buller and Fireman Adams and at least
a dozen passengers were killed and many
more injured.
Trestle on the Wabash
Railroad.
WBECK OF 'A TRAIN '
ENDS FIFTEEN LIVES
Engine and Cars Plunge Through a
The Allied Printing Trades Council's at
torney will go to Bakersfleld and assist
Mr. Kirk In the investigation to be held
by him there.
SACRAMENTO. June 25.— The Allied
Printing Trades Council of this city has
taken up the cudgel in behalf of the State
series of textbooks and has employed
counsel to punish those who Intentionally
violate the laws respecting the use of
books in the public schools of this State.
State Superintendent of Public Instruc
tion T. J. Kirk, carrying out his promise
made to the Allied Printing Trades Coun
cil, has cited the Board of Education of
Kern County to appear , before him In
Bakersfleld on the 6th of July next and
show cause why the county's apportion
ment of school moneys should not be with
held because of the board's infraction of
the State law regarding the use of books
in the schools of that county.
Assist in Case Against Kern
County.
Allied Printing Trades Council Will
BACKING; UP ! STATE
SUPERINTENDENT XIBTC
General Young is well known in this
city. He was stationed at the Presidio
seme years ago as lieutenant colonel of
the Fourth Cavalry, in command of the
equadron at that post, and later as a
colonel of cavalry and commandant of the
post. He went to Manila as a brigadier
and returned with two stars. He will re
tire in 1904.
General Young said last evening that
ihcre would be no change In the personnel
of th*> department staff with the excep
tion of the aids who form the personal
•. '.off of the general. General Young will
have for hie aid* Captain H. P. Howard,
¦jhlrteenth Cavalry; Captain W. R. Smed
berr. late of the Fourth Cavalry, and
Lieutenant James F. McKlnley, of the
tilxth Cavalry. Ueutenant McKlnley Is a
r.ephew of the President. Captain Smod
bcrg is a uon of Colonel W. It. Smedbcrg
ct thie city. It will be noticed that all
three aidn ar«» of the cavalry, the branch
of the service in which General Young
r;:ent his >cBr* Flnce he entered the regu
j*r army, lust after the civil war. Hie
lirpt service was as a private in 1861, and
~f:er winning distinction In the ranks and
:.s an officer of volunteers he entered the
rtpular service and rose steadily until
:iow he Is one of the high general officer*.
General Young has no particular plans
for the department, except to carry it
along as it has been working. He will
have to muster out the last of the volun
teers, for they will hardly be out of the
service before he takes charge.
General Young arrived in this country
from the Philippines last April after
making a brilliant record for himself dur
ing his island service. He went at once
to Washington, although it was known
at the time that he was going to relieve
General Shafter. and after fcportlng at
army headquarters he took a leave and
toured the East, visiting the Buffalo Kx
posltion and other places of interest. He
started west In time to arrive a few days
before the formal transfer of authority
from General Shafter to himself.
Major General Samuel B. M. Young ar
rived here last evening Under orders to re
lieve Major General Shafter of command
of the Department of California on the
Sfrth inst. He Is at the Occidental with
his two daughters, and there he will re
main until the department has been
turned over to him and General Shafter
has resigned command. Then he ¦will take
Hp his residence at the- commandant's
house at Fort Mason, the house General
Shafter occupied bo long as commanding
officer of the First Infantry and after
ward «f> commanding general of the de
partment.
No Change Will Be Made
Except in the Personal
Staff.
He Will Relieve Shafter
on the Last Day
.of June.
YOUNG IS READY
TO TAKE CHARGE
All demands payable out of the common
echool fund shall be filed with the secretary
of the Board of Education, and after they have
been approved by the board they nhall b» fllgnbd
by the prenldent of the board and the- Super
intendent and sent to the Auditor. Bvery per
son In the employ of the School Department
entitled to a BHlury therefrom shall receive a
warrant for the amount due nnd approved by
tho board. nlgnptl by the prenl<]ent and secre
tary thereof. Tho entire monthly salary roll
of the ' department Khali be mncio up by the
•erretary of tho board;. and after being duly
audited by the Flnanco Committee thereof nnd
approved by u majority of all tho members of
the board shall be Indorsed In the same man
ner as other demand*. .
' While the language of tho section seems
to necessitate tho elgiyiture of tho Super
intendent to all demands it makes a dis
tinction in the case of salary warrants
and excludes him from auditing, them.
Had this fact been known some months
ago endless litigation' over the demands of
employes in tho .school repair shops
would have been avoided. The employes
were unable to get their pay because Su
perintendent Webster would not Blgn their
warrants. Now the Auditor finds that the
Superintendent's signature is not required.
No doubt when tho facts are brought to
the attention of the Board of Kducation
that body will cheerfully exclude the Su
perintendent from participating in the
execution of salary demands.
The officials of the Auditor's office dis
covered yesterday by a careful reading of
the charter that the signature of the Su
perintendent of Schools need | not be af
fixed to the salary demands, of teachers
and other persons employed by the School
Department. While it has been the custom
In tho past for tho Superintendent . to
countersign the salary demands, Chief
Deputy Auditor William Wells, who is
acting Auditor during his father's
absence, says that the practice has been
pursued under- a wrong interpretation- of
the charter, which "In language plain and
specific provides that only the President
and Secretary of the board aro required to
sign tho demands which are more properly
termed warrants. The section bearing on
the subject follows: "
School Superintendent
Has No Control Over
Salary Roll.
Discovery Made by Auditor
Will End Vexatious *
Litigation. .
HIS SIGNATURE
NOT REQUIRED
NEW YORK, June 25.— It became known
to-day that there was a debit balance at
the clearing-house - against the Seventh
National Bank amounting: to $038,000. This
grave rise to rumors that the bank was In
difficulties, and caused other rumors that
other banks were also hampered. The sus
picions were cleared away when Manager
William Sherer of the Clearing-House As
sociation gave out a statement to the ef
fect that all the banks In the association
had met their obligations, and that all
clearing-house sheets had gone through.
William H. Tappan, president of tha
Gallatin National Bank, who was present
at a conference held during the day with
other members of the Clearlng-House As
sociation, made the following statement:
"All the banks have settled their bal
ances satisfactorily. This disposes of all
rumors."
To-night a statement was Riven out by
the officials of the Seventh -National
Bank, In which It was said that tho debit
balance* of the Seventh National Bank
with the clearing-house this morning wu
$333,000 and that this balance was du» to
heavy checking on the part of men con
nected with several large brokerage and
banking hounes. The director* and ¦tock
holders of the bank convened and at one*
provided ample means for all the business
purposes.
The statement further says that th«
flurry was probably started for ¦tock-
Jobbing purposes, and that the rumors so
weighed on the mind of President William
H. Klmball of the bank that he tendered!
his resignation, which was accepted and
K. R. Thomas, son of Oeneral Samuel
Thomas, was elected In his place. Oeneral
Thomas Is a director and on© of the heav
iest stockholders in the bank. The state
ment avers that the bank is In most ex
cellent condition and Is not connected di
rectly or Indirectly with any other finan
cial Institution In New York or elsewhere.
Checking.
House Due to Heavy
Debit Balance at Olearing-
Seventh National in New
York Cause of Ex
citement.
RUMORS ALARM
BANKING MEN
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY; JUNE 26, 1901.
JUBELEE IS CELEBRATED
WITH SOLEMN HIGH MASS
Father Santandreu ; Honored on- the Twenty-Fifth
:: * Anniversary of His Ordination. :
John Mason, Formerly of the Cultured City, but
More Recently With Frohman, Coming Here.
BOSTON STAGE FAVORITE
WITH FRAWLEY COMPANY
PRIEST WHO HAS. JUST CEL
EBRATED TWENTY-FIFTH
' YEAR OF HIS ORDINATION.
C
9
ADVERTISEMENTS.
POSTUM CEREAL.
TJ. S. Consul Pike of Port Louis. Maur-
itius, has written a charming book upon
this gem of the ocean, the home of Paul
and Virginia.
Color.el Pike, whose Xew York address
is 43 Exchange place, had a curious expe-
rience with coffee and the beverage al-
most cestroj-ed his eyesight.
He says. "Speaking of coffee, my first
¦warning against its use was insomnia, fol-
lowed by depression, and despondency.
The nervous system was In such a con-
dition that I could not attend to business,
and to my distress I discovered that my
cyepight was. becoming more and more
Imperfect every day. From my know-
ledge of the symptoms of coffee poisoning,
I concluded to leave off the coffee and
take up Postum Food Coffee in its place.
"The results were astonishing. Gradually
nay eyesight recovered, and the nervous
condition and depressed feeling disap-
peared. I have now been using Postum In
place of coffee for several years and am
ia r>erfect health.
"My family of six persons discarded
coffee some time ago and use Postum. I
would not be without It. It Is" a most
valuable addition to the. breakfast table
end should be in every household."
The Author's Experiences.
SUB-TROPICAL RAMBLES.
Free trial packages of a most remark-
able remedy are being mailed to all wh5
will write the State Medical Institute.
They cured so many men who had bat-
tled for years against the mental and
physical suffering of lost manhood that
the Institute has decided to distribute free
trial packages to all who write. It is a
home treatment, and all men who suffer
from any form of sexual weakness result-
Ing from youthful folly, premature loss*
of strength and memory, weak back, varl-
cocele or emaciation of parts can now
cure themselves at home.
The remedy has a peculiarly grateful
effect of warmth and seems to act direct
to the desired location, giving strength
and development just where it Is needed.
It cures all the ills and troubles that come
from years of misuse of the natural func-
tions and has been an absolute success In
all cases. A request to the State Medical
Institute. 323 Elektron building. Fort
Wayne. Ind., stating that you 1 desire one
of their free trial packages, will be com-
plied with promptly. The Institute la de-
sirous of reaching that great class of men
who are unable to- leave home to be treat-
ed, and the free samples will enable them
to, see how easy it is to be cured of sex-
ual weakness when the proper remedies
are employed. The Institute -makes no
restrictions. Any man who writes will be
sent a free' sample, carefully sealed j In a
plain package, ?o that Its recipient need
have no fear of embarrassment or pub-
licity. Headers are requested to writ*
without delay.
to All Who Write.
A Free Trial Packajre Sent by Mail
Quickly Restores Lost Vigor
to Men.
A Most Remarkable Remedy Th.it
SENT FREE TO MEN!THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY,- JUNE 26^ 1901.
10
SAX FRAJf CISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of The San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and •Third streets; open
until 12 o'clock every night ln the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— 527. Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 p. m.
S00 Hayes street open untO 9:30 p. m.
639 McAllister street ; open until 9:30 p. m. .
615 Larkln street^ open until 9:30, p. m.
1941 Mission street; open until 10 p. m.
2261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until 0 p. m.
106 Eleventh street: open until 9 p. m.
1CS6 Valencia street; open until 9 p." m.
Northwest corner Twenty-second and' Ken-
tucky streets: open until J p. m. «
5200 Flllmore street; open until 9 p. m.
MEETIXG NOTICES.
CALIFORNIA Lodge No. L F. and A. _
M.— The officers and members of the^fla^
above-named lodge are hereby notified ttjr
to attend the funeral of our late • V
brother. MERRITT HERMAN WEED, at
1S17 Sacramento st, THIS DAY (Wednes-
day), June 26, at 12:30 p. m. The brethren
will asemble ln King Solomon's Hall. Ma-
sonic TemDle, at 11:30 a. m.. and proceed
to the above home, where the services will
be holoen. By order of the Master. . > ¦
FRANKLIN H. DAY, Secretary.
MOUNT Morlah Lodge No. 44. F. and •
A. M.— Called meeting THIS (WED- JB\-
NESDAY) EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock. TE~
ieZ ™- THEO. FROLICH, SJT
EXCELSIOR Lodge No. 166. F. and A. jr
M.— Called meeting THIS (WEDNES- _TV_
DAY) EVENING. June 26, at 7:30 1 «3?
o'clock. First degree. By order of/V'
tho W. M. H. J. OWEN. Secretary.
MISSION Lodge No. 169, F. and A. M. — m
Called meeting THIS (WEDNESDAY) _JV_
EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock. Third de- J?3f
gne R. E. ALLAN, Sec /^«r>
YERBA BUENA Lodge No. 15, L
O. O. F. — Officers and members: SjS^^lSSfe:
You are requested to attend the r
regular meeting THURSDAY "i»»»^
EVENING, June 27. 1901, There will be
initiation of ten (10) candidates. AH mem-
bers of the order are cordially invited.
JOHN A. OHLSON. Noble Grand.
WM. P. HUMPHREYS. Sec.
BROTHERHOOD of Teamsters will XfTX
hold its semi-annual election of offl-j^Jjw^
cers THURSDAY EVENING. JuneDC^gSl
27. at Teutonla Hall. V^*V
JOHN MCLAUGHLIN, Secretary. VtaX'
REGULAR meeting of Shipwrights will be
held at Red Men's Hall. 320 Post St., June
27. Business of Importance. All members re-
quested to attend.
F. RANKIN, Secretary.
UNITED Garment Workers of America, L. U.
IS. meets NEXT THURSDAY, June 27. at
the El Dorado Hall. Alcazar building, O'Far-
rell st; election of officers.
CHAS. A. CALHOUN. Pres.
E. CORPE. Sec
ADOPTION.
WANTED— For adoption, bright boy of^ about
2 or 4 years of good parentage. Call ln morn-
ing at yellow cottage, first house west of
Frultvale ave., on south side of E. 16th 6t.
ASPHALTCM ROOFING.
J. PELTIER, asphalt roofing, sidewalks re-
palred; postal. 1136 Mission; tel. Folsom 1607.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty; private;
no fee without success: collections. G. W.
HOWE, atty at law, 850 Marketcor. Stockton.
ADVICE free; no charges unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. 927 Market st opp. Mason.
L. 6.. CLARK. Emma Spreckels bldg.. 927 Mar-
ket st: consultation free; no fees ln advance.
BOARDING FOR CHILDREN.
2 OR 3 children to board, -week or month: best
care;sunny yard:nr.school:reasonable.l607 Cal.
BOOKS — XEW AND OLD.
BOOKS of every kind bought Tel. Red 2956.
HOLMES BOOK CO.. 704-706-708 Mission st
BUSINESS CHANCES.
A— FRUIT and vegetable store with 4 rooms:
rent $35; on Sutter st; price $600; business
clearing above $150 per month. R. G. WILKE,
26»i Kearny st.
A— $3000; I HAVE a client who keeps stores in
4 different mining towns and wants an active
man as partner. Call R. G. WILKE. 26V4
Kearny st.
A RARE chance — $450; restaurant about two
blocks south of Phelan building; rent $30;
dally receipts average $30; meals from 15c up;
living room; clearing $100 per month. Call R.
Q. WILKE. 26H Kearny st.
$1500— CANDY store and factory in Oakland;
rent $30; the place clears above 1200 per
month; owner has other business and must
sell. Inquire R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny et.
A— $350; DELICACY store and branch bakery,
with 3 living rooms; rent $18; kept by owner
11 years; choice business location. Particulars
R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st
A— 1700; CORNER grocery and bar with 3 liv-
ing rooms; rent $16; choice location In, the
Mission; a steady and cood-pcying business.
Inquire R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A— $750; SALOON: no better located place ln
this city; rent $50; place clears easily $150
per month; no night work. See R. G.
WILKE, 26% Kearny st
$700— Grocery & fruit; no ftet: good clean stock.
$1500 — Wine & liquor store; bar & bottle trade.
$4500 — Shoe store; all new stock.
$2000— Saloon and furnished rooms.
Fine saloon taking $1000 mo.; call for price.
$1500— Ranch SO acres; small house.
$400 — Candy store. Ice cream parlor.
We have some very genuine buelness oppor-
tunities well worth investigation.
WALTER HAYES & CO.. 888 Market at
$200— PARTNER wanted in old-established com-
mission business: will clear $75 to $100 per
month to each; no experience required.. See
STRAND & CO., 209 Kearny st.
A — $175; Branch bakery & variety store; 3 furn.
— is.r rent $14. STRAND & CO.. 209 Kearny.
GROCERY and bar; no better money-making
place in city; fine cash trade; trial given be-
fore buying; owner wants to retire after sev-
eral years in business; gilt-edge chance: safe
Investment Business Board Trade. 326 Pine.
ALL kinds of property bought sold or exch. ;
specialty made of buying and selling lodging-
houses: all kinds of clerical' help furnished.
GOLDEN RULE BROKERAGE OFFICE.
%» 100S'/i Market St.. room 4.
TOU can be suited in any kind of business by
calling at office. ,
G. W. SCHWEINHARD, 917 Market st. near
Fifth. Phone Mint 1911.
OFFICE— Real estate office for sale. " JOSEPH
BAILIE. 759 Market st
"WANTED— By an established, reliable mercan-
tile firm, a partner with capital of $25.00(1 to
Invert In a good-paying business; high mer-
cantile and bank recommendations. Box 3515,
Call office.
$250— WELL established and good paying light
manufacturine business: a bonanza. Apply
to JOHN WENTZEL. 112 Taylor st
J200-PARTXER wanted ln light business; $15
to $20 a week each; trial given: no experience
required. 25 Geary Bt. room 1.
$400 RESTAURANT for sale this week for $250.
Call bet. 3 and 4 p. m., r. 474, Parrott bldg.
FOR sale— In Vallejo. one of the best corner
caloons and rooming bouse of 20 rooms, new-
ly furnished: best rooms in town; if you are
looking for a safe Investment you -will find it
here; will bear inspection; cause of selling, re-
tiring from business. For particulars call on
ADAM MILLER, cor. Virginia and Santa
Clara sts.. Vallejo. *", ' •
A NEW quick-selling invention; secure a
county right and make money; patents
bought and sold. WARD & MOSELEY, 20
O'Farrell st. room L
I"OR sale at a bargain — First-class country
hotel, on railroad and terminus of stage
line; has all the stage patronage; owner re-
tiring. Address box 3411. Call office.
FOR J1SD0: bargain; fine hotel or transient;
choice location on Pacific St.. Including sa-
loon and dancing hall. 24 Montgomery ave.
BPLF.NDID etore ln right location for any
business; low rent • LICHTEN'STEIN. 15
Grant ave.
BARBER shop for sale; 2 chairs; complete;
low rent Box 2262, Call office. Oakland.
MI*ST sell— Store with 3 furnished rooms;
cheap rent; good location. 1933 Mission et.
'GOOD opening for barber shop and baths ln
hotel: nlso tailor. 71S Valencia st.
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
45-ROOM house; clears *200 '. $2000
20 rooms; elegant: new 24O0
?4-room boarding-house 7500
70 rooms; country hotel and bar 3201
5 rooms, on Mission st .'.. 250
JO-room corner fiat -• .*.... "SO
MONEY TO LOAN AT LOWEST RATES.
10 rooms, on Eddy .......: $ 530
22 rooms, on Market 1700
33 rooms: corner 1S00
15 rooms, ln Oakland 450
lS-room hcuse; eure to clear $]00 700
*8 rooms; all rented; clears $175 2000
26 rooms; elegant corner: clears $150 3900
29 rooms, on Market; clears $200 1800
21 rooms; fine and sunny; clears $140...... 1290
10 rooms; very central; on Taylor 400
36 rooms; near Eddy; new furniture 1350
C00 other houses, from $T0 to $10,000.
H. C. DECKER, 1C20 Market st, opp.. 5th.
FTKHER & CO.. 935 Market et., opp. Mason.
• 17 ro. ms, prl;e $8^0; 35 rooms, price . $1400
?4 rooms, price $100C; 12 rooms, price $550.
26 rooms, price $1400; 11 rooms, price $325.
8 rooms, finely f urnlBhed ; » rent $30; $500.
If a bargain, we have them at any price.
LODGING HOUSES FOR SALE— Con.
A. CAJMERON^Ca^ 2
S50 Market Et. and 8 Stockton st. — -
Rooms 21, 22 and 23. Phone Bush 328.
If you have hotel," rooming house or business
to sell list with us. We have cash customers
for all sizes and prices. See list of bargains.
17 rooms; 'rent $S0; 4-yr. lease; new fur.,
carpets; reduced to make quick sale. ...$1600
46 rms. ;rt $175; fine cor.; gd.-loc.; cpts.-fur. 6000
26 rms. ; rent $90; cor. ; fine loc. ; good fur. : 2000
28 rms.; rent $90: fine loc; full perman'ty. 2300
18 rms.; rent $125; eleg'ly fur.': fst-cls hse. 2000
12 rms.; t. $55; wtr. f r. ; elg: ; full ; fst-cls hs;
must sell at sacri.; ac. deptre; reduced to 1050
16 rms.; fine transient Jhouse; new fur..... 1400
II rms.; Post; rent $S5; fine fur.; sunny.. 2200
14 rms.; r. $70; sny. ccr.; gd. hs.; pt. hs-kp. 1000
MARION GRIFFIN— Money to Loan.
119 Market st. : by Call Bldg. ; tel. Black 1803.
No charge if you list your house with me.
These are- samples; call at office for list
29 rooms; rent $50; corner, S. of Market. .$ 450
50 rooms; rent $100; clears $200 5000
15 rooms; all front rooms; rent $50 700
9 rooms: rent $20; central; leaving city.. 500
24 rooms; a nice cor.; clears $75; rent $58. 1300
99 rooms; cor.; elev.; clears $400 month.. 6500
ATTENTION. BUYERS!
Yoa may buy any rooming-house ln
the city, and pay for It •
In monthly : payments
from the profits
of the house.
Vacant houses furnished.
DONALD INVESTMENT CO.. S50 Market
THE largest and best list of lodglng-housea
and hotels can be found at- office of
G.. W. SCHWEINHARD, %
No. 917 Market St. (near Fifth St.).
Phone Mint 1911. - '
FOR HOTELS. BOARDING HOUSES AND
LODGING-HOUSES SEE WINSTON &
WOLF, 1026 MARKET ST.. THE LEADING
AND RELIABLE BROKERS. .
$375— LODGING-HOUSE; 10 rooms; furnished.
864% Mission st.
~~* i SPIRITUALISM.
MRsTTT'wmTNEY^ "'
Trance, business medium: life reader; exam-
ines ore; oil locations; medical clairvoyant:
treats; cures sick: cancer removed without
use of knife. 1164 O' Fan-ell, nr. Gough: Ellis-
st. car; sit, $1; letter, $2. Tel. Hyde 2461.
RESUMED business— Mrs. Dr. Farnham. the
world-renowned spiritual medium: advice in
all affairs ln life; lawsuits, divorces, deaths:
unites the separated; mining a specialty;. cir-
cles Sun.. Wed.. Fri. eve. : letters answered.
Residence (no signs). 38 McAllister st.
JOHN SLATER— Circles 25c, Mon. & Fri. eves..
8:15: Wed. afternoon, 2:45: sittings daily, 10
to 4, except Sun. 1S09 Stockton, nr. Greenwich.
MLLE. M. WILLE, crystal seer, clairvoyant,
medium, of Paris; speaks English, French,
German; sittings 9 to 8; 60c. 215 Leavenworth.
MRS. HUBBARD. 109 Oak— Circles Tuesday
and Friday, 8 p.m.: Wednesday, 2:30 p. m.,
10c; readings dally 50c. "
GRAND test circle to-night 10c; readings and
spirit photos dally. Arnold Dlckson, 148 Sixth.
MRS. GILLINGHAM, spiritual meeting 8 p.m.;
10c; bring sealed questions. 305 Laxkln; tk. elv.
MRS. VIGAR'S test meeting to-night. 10c; sit-
tings dally. 148 Sixth St.. room 32.
EDWARD EARLE. 328 Ellis— Readings daily;
eeance Sun.. Tues. and Thurs. Tel. Polk 1601.
FRIENDSHIP Hall. 335 McAllister— Mrs. C. J.
Meyer: sittings dally: test to all to-night: 10c.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
A— LINCOLN CLAIRVOYANT™ TyD
HIGH PSYCHIST
He tells your name, condition, desire, hopes,
etc., without asking a single question: cures
diseases without medicine r shows you how to
avoid bad luck and how to make yourself
lucky; reunites the separated: makes har-
mony in your home; gives accurate advice on
all business affairs; investments, mining, oil;
readings by mail; send stamps for terms.
125 Turk st.
DIFFERENT FROM ALL OTHERS.
1000 Callers Since May 1st.
Naaman. Russian seer, medium, palmist and
advisor, tells your name, what you called for,
cures your disease or anything you want to
! know; no charges in advance; satisfaction guar-
! anteed; develops mediums In 2 months; teaches 1
palmistry, clairvoyancy; hours 9 a. m. to 9
p. m. ; readings by mall. 326 O'Farrell st.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader, born with double veil— second sight;
diagnoses disease with life reading: ladies 50c,
gents $1; palm, and clxir. sit, $1 50. 126 Turk.
Mrs. Dr. Saylor. queen of clairvoyants & palm-
ists; names and dates; L. 25c; G. 50c: mall $1.
1511% Market, op. Van Ness; tel. Mint 1095.
KNOW your fate; Mme. Richards, astrological
palmist and reader of human destiny; never
fails; 25c and 50c. 1203 Mission st, cor. 8th.
MRS. DR. VALEEN. clair.. palmist: advice on
all affairs: messages from departed friends;
teacher of personal magnetism. 1523% Market.
MME. SANDERS. 127 Mason st, medium; palm-
ist; teaches mind telegraphy; advice on all
business; 4 questions by mail, $1; hrs. 12 to 8.
ISMAR, the Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located 114S Market, op.
6th: private readings daily, 10 a. m. to 5 p. m.
MME. MONTAGUE, clairvoyant and palmist,
gives names, facts, dates ;satisf action by mail;
Inclose stamp. 1382 Market op. Odd Fellows.
MRS.MELVILL. well-known clairvoyant water
reader. 11. 6th;German spoken ;tel. Howard 1S46.
MME. BERNARD, 17 3d st. gone on vacation;
will return soon; -watch paper for ad.
MME SCHAFFER, clairvoyant, card reader:
sittings dally. 448% Jessie st. bet 5th and 6th.
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
palmistry; truth or.no pay; 25c. 1149 Mission.
MRS. BROWN— Clairvoyant card reader; ladles
25c; gents 50c. 132 Sixth st.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
advice: names given: 2Sc up. 5 Fourth st
CARPET BEATING AXD CLEANING.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULD ING'S pioneer Carpet-Beat-
ing Works, 353-357 Tehama st : tel. South 40.
BEATING, 3c; laying, 3c • renovating. 5c up;
work guaranteed. T. R. Co.; phone Scott 1310.
RUDOLPH & CO., carpet-beating works; prices
reasonable. 1702 Harrison; tel. Mission 263.
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-Beating Works,
333 Golden Gate ave.; telephone East 126.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM. Proprietor.
JONES & CO.. reliable carpet cleaners" and ren-
ovators. 25-27 Eighth st.: tel. Jessie 1061.
SANITARY cleaning and dyeing company. 342-
844 McAllister st. ; phone South 146.
CITY Steam Carpet-Beailng -Works. G. H.
STEVENS, mgr.. 38-40 8th st: tel. South 250.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet-Beating and Reno-
vating Co.. 240 Fourteenth st; tel. Mission 74.
CARPETS cleaned at the lowest rates.* STRAT-
TON. 3 Eighth st.: telephone Jessie 944.
CHIROPODISTS.
INGROWN nails, bunions, corns, warts, chll-
blalns; painless cure. Dr. Duncan, 415 Sutter.
' COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency — No charge un-
¦ less successful. Room 310.^927 Market st.
COTTAGES TO LET.
STJXNY furnished cottage, B rooms; large gar-
den; references. 4066 Twenty-third, nr. Castro.
DETECTIVE AGEXCIES. .
McC ABE'S Detective Agency handles all legi-
timate detective business; divorce cases pos-
itively refused. Emma Spreckels building,
rooms 323-324. S. F.; tel. South 381.
~ZHHIZI
AT the"EL~ECTRb~-i)ENTAL CLII?IC, 809 Mar-
ket Bt, cor. 4th, rm. 7, Flood bldg., you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth,
without plates our specialty; gold crowns,'
$3 50 up; plates, extractions free, $4 50 up;0>t-
ilce hours, 9 a. m. to 10 p. m. ; Sundays, 9 to 2
p. m. J. W. THATCHER, M. D., Manager.
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, bridges'
and filllnzs; extractions or fillings by my
•wonderful secret painless method; 20 years'
experience; no students: advice free; prices
cheapest and -guaranteed; lady attendants.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, 20 O'Farrell st
A— NEW unbreakable plate, the Rose Pearl,
warranted for 20 years; crowns. $3 50: fillings,
60c; plates, $5; full set; all work painless and
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth.
EXPERT dentist in order to build up a prac-
tice will fill teeth, make plates, gold crowns
and bridge work at bedrock prices. Office
1141 Polk st. corner Sutter: open Sundays.
AT Ideal Dental Co.. 6 Eddy st— Work done
on weekly installments: lowest rates.
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny, cor. Bush—'
Full set of teeth. S4; crowns. $3; fillings. 25c.
DR. R. L.WALSH,815% Geary, nr. Larkln— Pafi£
less extraction EOc; plates $5 up;phonePolkll35.
DR. H. G. TRUMAN, dentist, third floor. Ex-
amlner building; formerly ln Murphy bldg.
LOWEST Brices ln S. F. Painless extraction,
fOc. N. Y. Dentlf ts. 969 Mission st, cor. 6th.
VAN VROOM— "Painless" ; evenings and Sun-
days. 1001 Market st*. corner Sixth. »
SET of teeth without plate. DR. H G
YOUNG. 1341 Polk st. . -
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRE S SE S
McDOWELL Dressmaking & Miftinery School—
.- . Class rates; patterns cut. 1019 Market st jg
ACCORDE.ON pleating:; country orders prompt
attention. 121 Post, over O'Connor & Moffatt.
; _ EDUCATIONAL. } '¦' '.ry
GALLAGHER-MARSH College, Parrott bldg.—
Shorthand, typing and bookkeeping; . Robert
F. Gallagher, expert court reporter, teacher of
shorthand; reportorial phrasing taught; prac-
tlcal bookkeeping, full course, $50; catalogue.'
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE,' 24 Post st;
S. F. — Bookkeeping, shorthand, typing, 7 lan-
guages, telegraphy, . English branches, • civil,
electrical and mining . engineering, etc.; day
& night sessions;, new 80-page catalogue free.
AYRES' Business College, 723 Market st— Day
& eve. ; bookkeeping, shorthand, typing," teleg-
raphy, etc.; life scholarship, . $50; individual
instruction; positions secured; catalogue free.
A— THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school for the university, law and medical
colleges; references, President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building. . .
ACTING, elocution, specialties; Harf^'School.
associated with theatrical agency securing
. positions. -Alcazar building. 120 O'Farrell at
MERRILL-MILLER College— Shorthand, typ-
ing, practical bookkeeping. Rooms 40-45. Par-
rott bldg.; individual instruction; catalogue.
ENGINEERING— Civil, elec.,mlning,mech., sur-
vey, assay, cyanide; day. eve. ; est 1864.; Van
der Kalllen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
A FULL course ~cf Ellis bookkeeping and the
Gregg shorthand costs only $60. San Fran-
cisco .Business College. 1236 Market st :- .
A SPECIALTY — Perfecting beginners; business
college graduates; bookkeeping: figures; short
time. TARR, exp. acct. 220 Parrott bldg. ,
PROF. L. MERKI. successful teacher of violin,'
mandolin and guitar. 1008 Mission st. nr. 6th. *
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc. ; day or eve. ; $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
ELECTRO-THERAPEUTIC. -
Electrfc-Chemlc medication cures faulty nutri-
tion, nerve, blood & constitutional diseases.
Drs. K. & K.'s Electric, Sanitarium. 8 Mason.
EMPLOYMENT. OFFICES.
JAPANESE and Chinese help of all kinds;
cooks, waiters and house servants. GEO.
AOKI & CO.. 421 Post st; tel. Bush 135.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese employment of-
flce; all kinds help. , 315 Stockton; Main 5188.
ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese, Chi-
neso help. 426 Powell.nr. Sutter;tel. Black 5072.
EMPLOYMENT WASTED FEMALE.
STRICTLY first-class bread and pastry cook
wants position, city or country; best refer-
ences. MRS. M. E. DAY. 335 Geary.
A GIRL late from Ireland wishes employment
to do general housework, or would do second
work; none but one who. would be. willing to
teach. Call at 2417 Clay st, to the rear.
REFINED, educated American lady, good
housekeeper, wants position' on a ranch with
refined small family, or would go to the
beach. Box 3590. Call.
STRONG, good, willing woman; "great house-
cleaner; can do most any kind of work; good
references; wages $1 per day and car fare.
88 Third St., room 10. upstairs. ¦'
A CAPALLE woman wishes position as house-,
keeper; good cook; I good references given.
Call at 1312 Golden Gate ave.
A COMPETENT woman wishes to do house-
work; no objection to a short distance in the
country. Apply 112 Tehama St., off Second.
FIRST-CLASS dressmaker, late of New York,
wishes engagements for $2 the day. Apply
MRS. N. WAHLQUIST, 609 Kearny st.
TWO girls wish 'positions as waitresses, city or
country.. Address 121 Bernard st, near
Leavenworth. ¦ '
MIDDLB-AGED woman wishes situation for
housework, washing or Ironing. Apply 627
Turk st ; no postals. £ ¦
A GERMAN. woman wants few more places to
wash, or any kind of work. Call or address
9 Tehama st, near First. '
COMPETENT woman wants work by the day,
washing. Ironing or housecleaning. Inquire
grocery corner Laguna and Fulton. •
CAPABLE young woman wishes- position as
working housekeepex: any position of trust.
Address box 3537, Call office. ~.
YOUNG German girl. 15 years old. wishes posi-
tion light housework; no washing. 376 Fifth.
YOUNG Swedish woman wishes position; wash-
ing and housecleaning. Call at 663 Harrison.
WOMAN wants work by the day. Address Box
3512. Call.
WOMAN wishes situation to do housework;
country preferred. 16 Laguna place.
YOUNG girl would like a position doing house-
cleaning by the day. Call 37 Stanley st
RESPECTABLE woman wishes work by the
day. Call 417 Harrison st. . *
WOMAN wishes to go out by the day or take
washing ln at home. Call at 515 McAllister.
A RELIABLE elderly Protestant . woman
wishes position to do light housework in
small family; good plain cook. 712 Natoma
st, upper flat: no postals.
SITUATION wanted as lunch waitress in a
restaurant. 911 Howard st. »
JAPANESE young girl wants position to do
general work; wages $4 up. Please call at
C54 Geary st. ' ".
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third st, near Mar-
ket— 200 rooms: 25c to $1 50 per night: $1 50 to
' $6 weekj; convenient and respectable; free 'bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1098
Valencia st. ¦ ¦ . ¦ ' ¦ ¦
EMPLOYMENT WASTED MALE.
¦WANTED — By sober, reliable man, position as
watchman or special police for --some large
firm or city work; 6 years' experience; char-
acter good, with reference. Call or address
W. IRWIN, 13 Minna st. lower flat.
A PRACTICAL miner, quartz or • gravel. 20
years' experience, wants work aa correapond-
ent for prospective buyers; evenings after
5 o'clock. Address box 3550, Call office.
WANTED— Young man from East wants gen-
eral work about place; handy with horses and
all work connected with place. Address 822
Folsom st.
POSITION as Janitor; 5 years' experience; ref-
• erences. Box 3553, Call. ,
AN* experienced salesman going to the Philip-
pine Islands would like to represent a whole-
Bale house or manufacturing company to in-
troduce goods there; best of references given.
Please address A. • GARBER. Golden West
Hotel. Ellis st. - ¦ . , .
SITUATION wanted by young man 26 years of
age; stationary, portable or traction engines;
6 years', experience. Call or address at Win-
chester Hotel, Third st, room 324.
COUPLE want situations; man good cook, wife
assistant at any work; plain hotel or board-
ing house, city or country. Address C. 8..
. Box 3539. Call office. . » . .
MIDDLE-AGED man, handy with horses and
tools, wants light work; no milking; • small
wages If good place. WARREN, 115«£ 2d st.
CAKE baker, good all round man, married,
wishes permanent situation as second or third
hand. J. SIEBER. 625 Pacific st
ELECTRICIAN— Thorough all round mechanic
on motors, dynamos and all ¦ kinds of Inside
wiring: and fitting. Box 3544, Call office.
MAN and wife want " situations on a small
fruit ranch; understand handling all kinds of
fruit. Address box 2261, Call office,' Oakland.
SITUATION wanted in grocery or meat -mar-
ket or any clerical work by young man of
25. Box 3693, Call office. .
ALL round handy man -wants position as por-
ter in store or business house. , B, 5542, Call.
A JAPANESE boy. wants a situation as school-
boy: sneaks English. FRANK. 121 Haight.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH office for Cair advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st. 5 - ¦ '
FEATHERS RENOVATED. ~~
FEATHER pillows and ' mattresses steamed,
renovated. E. J. O'ROURKE.' 1393 Valencia
St.; phone Blue 1595.
FLATS 'TO LET. ™
A — FLATS, houses and cottages for rent. -
2718 Fllbert,n.h.,7r.$30 2427 Sutter. C, 6 r...$22
1521 O'Farrell, 8r.$37 50 418 Clayton, f., 5 r..$21
1184 Ellis,n.f.,8 r....$40 1247 Pacific, f., 4 r..$12
897 M'AHlster,cf.8r.$40 3672A 16th, f.,'3 r......$7
Apply A. M. SPECK & CO.. 667 Market at.
FLAT— 4 rooms; range; carpet: yard; water
free; J fine view; no children. 21 Holly st, 50
feet' from Mission, ; opposite 33d and Mission.
$25— NEW sunny flat, 6 large rooms; all mod-
ern improvements; finest view .in the city.
Corner Liberty and Dolores sts.
?25— MODERN sunny flat, -6 rooms and bath;
all carpeted and partly furnished; adults only.
335 Fair Oaks st, between . 24th and ; 25th. .
$25- : -GRAND flat, 6 large sunny rooms; modern
in every respect 1127 Guerrero st., between
23d and 21th. . - .'
A— MARINE view; new;. 8 rooms, bath; very
sunny: ¦ 2414 Van Ness ave., near Union st. >.-
636A SIXTH — Upper flat, 5 rooms and bath; rent
, $12; water free. ." k x . .:
APPLY Sutter, 2300— 6 sunny rooms; appreciated
If seen; $22 50;. water free; please investigate.
LARGE four-room flat and bath/. $12. 819 Jes-
sie- St., off Ninth. . ,
FLAT of 6 rooms and bath. 435 Tenth at
- FLATS TO ;. LET— Continued.
POST, -;. 525A-^-Cozy flat " of 4 rooms and ' bath.
418 HYDE* = st— Lower part house; sunny; 4
¦_ rooms," bath; key on premises., *
$14— FINE . sunny flat . of 5 large rooms; bath
¦ • and gas. 3928 19th, bet. Noe and Sanchez. .
'j, FLATS TO LET— FURNISHED.
LOWER part of pleasant . house, furnished for
housekeeping; 5 rooms. 614 Capp 'st ¦
FLATS WANTED.
WANTED, by family of 3 adults, carpeted or
furnished flat of 6 or 7 rooms and bath, near
. Park, or downtown; rent not over $35.-, Ad-
dress box 001. Call office. : .^~-
FURNITURE FOR SALE.^
WE will 'furnish your house on monthly pay-
ments. A. B. ' SMITH Furniture Co., ¦ 128
and 132 Ellis st - ¦ - ' c - . - * ¦¦ .- -
BEAUTIFUL birdseye maple set of 3 pieces and
¦ a rocker for $60; also 2 neWVarpets cheap.
1124 Sixty-third st. Golden Gate. Oakland.
4 . ROOMS furnished in oak, $48 50. with No. 7
range King Furniture Co., 1127-1131 Market.
FOR sale— Newly furnished flat, four rooms
and bath. 411 Ellis st
•¦¦¦ FURNITURE WANTED. ¦'•'.
CAL. Auction Co., 1462 Market— Buys furniture,
¦ merchandise, etc.: T>hone Jessie 2071.
BEFORE disposing of your furniture see
.. Golden Gate Auction Co.. 928 Howard st.
A. WOLLPERT, 773 Mission st, pays highest
price for second-hand furniturei tel. Red 1354.
Auctioneer— L.Vlncent.1305 Larkin: tel. Polk 694;
¦ furniture & furn'd houses bought; spot cash.
CHAS. LEVY buys your furniture, carpets,
pianos, etc. 1135 Market st :¦ tel. » 761' Jessie.
HELP WASTED— FEMALE.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S 104 Geary St.
.......... HOTEL DEPARTMENT
2 waitresses. Lake Tahoe, fare paid ....$20
20 waitresses; spring and resort hotels $20
25 waitresses, commercial hotels, fare paid...
., -. $20 and $25
Chambermaid to wait, springs, short . dis-
tance $20
Pastry cook, watering resort $50
2 fancy ironers, city • $2 day
Fancy Ironer, summer resort. $30
.......... FAMILY DEPARTMENT ..........
Any woman or girl looking for a position in
this department can obtain it by applying to
C. R. HANSEN & CO 104 Geary st.
RECEPTION lady and take care of cooling
room, Turkish bath, city, $25. C. R. HAN-
1 SEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
TWO experienced sanitarium nurses for sani-
tarium, see party here. $30 and found. C.
R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st. j
MOTHER and daughter, mother for housework
- and cooking, and daughter to take care of
small children; light washing, office fee paid
by lady, $25. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104
_ Geary st. " . •_____
MRS. M. E. DAY.. PHONE MAIN 1575
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
4 waitresses, mountain resort, fare both
ways, $20: 3 waitresses, Santa Cruz, fare
paid one way, $20; 2 waitresses, coast resort,
fare paid, $20; 2 waitresses, springs, fare one
way, $25: 3 waitresses, commercial hotel,
- near city, $20; 10 waitresses, city and coun-
try hotels, $20; restaurant waitress, no , Sun-
day work, $6; woman, cook, small hotel, near
city, $25.
FAMILY DEPARTMENT
Many choice places ln this department
MRS. M. E. DAY 335 GEARY ST.
WANTED— 3' waitresses for the springs. $25;
German cook, $35, no wash; cook, snort dis-
tance, $35, no wash: nurse, 2 children, $25:
"restaurant -waitresses, $8 a week,., $25;,. 5
second girls, $20 and $25; boarding-house cook.
$30; Swedish chambermaid, $25, private fam-
ily; a large number of .housegirls, $20, $25,
city and country. J. F. CROSETT & CO.,
316 Sutter st. "-
FINISHERS and buttonhole makers on custom
coats; steady work. 1215 Market st, bet.
Eighth and Ninth.' - ¦ '¦. ¦ '
NEAT girl for upstairs work and assist with
baby; $12 to $15. 2520 Green st., bet. Scott and
' Devisadero. '
WANTED— A neat respectable girl to wait at
table and do other light work. 306 Leaven-
worth st »
WANTED— A German woman or girl for gen-
eral housework, 3 In family; wages $20; must
bring reference. Apply 1621 DuDont st.
.WANTED— First-class operators on"* ladies'
waists; steady work: good pay.' San Fran-
cisco Co. Mfe. Co., 523 Market St.
GIRLS wanted. Inquire FISHER PACKING
CO., 509 Commercial st. ,
WANTED— Woman of ability not under 25 for
position of trust; wholesale. . Box 3551, Call.
AMATEUR sinsrers wanted. Apply at Chutes
at 6 o'clock this evening. •
GIRL for general housework, . Alameda, $25.
Apply Examiner building, room 607.
STEADY German for general cleaning; Apply
drug -store, 1044 Valencia st.
WANTED — Two experienced waitresses; also
one to learn. The Palms, 783 Market st. .
WANTED— A girl to work-in shooting gallery.
Call at 523 Pacific st. ' .
WANTED— Bright, capable lady to travel and
appoint agents; must be ln good health, un-
lncumbered and furnish first-class references;
salary, $100 per month and all expenses; po-
sition permanent: no experience necessary.
Sales ' department, 900 Star bldg., Chicago.
OPERATORS wanted at Levl Strauss & Co.'s
overall factory. %VA Fremont st Apply to
MR. DAVIS. ¦ -• - ¦ ¦¦
ELDERLY Swedish woman can find a good
place; light housework and care of sick lady;
small wages; good home. Box 3554, Call.
BUTTONHOLE operators to operate on Singer
machine at Levl Strauss & Co.'s overall fac-
tory, 32% Fremont St. Apply to MR. DAVIS.
GOOD girl, general housework. 2811 Buchanan
street. • . . .
GIRL wanted: general housework; no cooking,
no dishwashing; $15. 1562 Post st. ¦ ' !
SWEDISH or German second girl. .Call after
¦1 o'clock at 1918 Jackson -st. - -
2 LADY solicitors; good address; salary paid.
Ladles' Home Journal, 69 Columbian building.
HAIRDRESSER; halrworker; apprentice. 1036
Market st. ' ' • .
GIRL -wanted who understands German cook-
ing and general housework. 1440 O'Farrell.
GIRL for' general hoasework and cooking;
¦ wages $23. 712 Hayes st , V
APPRENTICES and girls wanted to learn tail-
oring; wages to begin with. 220 McAllister.
WANTED— Woman for housekeeping; good
home. Box 3588, Call office. - .. •
WOMAN to do plain cooking and downstairs
Apply before 11 at 579 Harrison st.
FINISHERS on coats. BELASCO & HARRIS
CO.. 641 Market st. ¦ ._
EXPERIENCED shirt and overall operators.
HEYNEMANN & CO., 410% Mission Bt
EXPERIENCED operators on gents' custom
shirts. 535 Valencia st ' _v__
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
receU-ed at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore st.-
HELP WANTED— MALE.
y AT^ C^R.^A^?slBN~&^o7s7rrr??104"Geary st
. ..Wanted— 1000 Men for New Railroad Work..
Teamsters, laborers, choppers, drillers, muck-
ers and tunnelmen for . .
...... Uklah
Truckee
' Coast Road
Chatsworth Park (Big Tunnel)
¦"• ...Wages from $1 75 to $2 60 a day
Free Fare.... .....Ship Daily Free Fare
100 laborers for ditch and levee •work.' coun-
try, $2 and $2 25 a day; 20 men to handle cord-
wood, country, $2 a day; 10 lumber pliers, $35;
50 haymakers, farmers and milkers, j $30 and
$35 ........:...............
. "... HOTEL DEPARTMENT ..:.....'...
Fry cook, country hotel. $65; second cook, re-
sort, '860;, broiler, country hotel, $50: 4 second
.•cooks, springs and resorts, $50 and $35; 2 sec-
ond cooks and bakers, $50 and $40; fry cook,
summer resort, $45. fare paid; 20 dishwashers,
vegetablemen and kitchen hands. $30 and $25..
Shampooer and wife, springs.' $75; shampooer,
springs, $35; 2 bellboys for springs/ $10. ......
C. R.HANSEN & CO............104 Geary st.
AT , THE CAL. EMPLOYMENT AGENCY.
59 Third St., near Call bldg. Phone Bush 405.
100 railroad laborers; S. P. Co.'s own work,
L. A. and Santa Barbara div $1 73, $2.50
100 men for Uklah, new road ..)..:...:....
60 railroad teamsters,- Uklah........ $2 per day
«; FREE FARE .. . ......*
¦' Of flee ¦ fee . for : above........ ........ ........-.'... .$1
10 tunnel men.....'...... ....""...'..$3 per day
.50 rock drillers.......... ......$2 50 ; per day
100 laborers...........:.. .....$2 25 per'day
•10 harvest hands...; ....$2. per day
. . 5 - teamsters, .city. .................. . . .$2 per day
. All-around ranch, hand to. drive 4-horse .
team .......:..< .". '...-... .$2 per day
g Camp cook... ...... .:....... ..."....•"..fGood wages
LABORERS and mechanics for • foundry, $1 73
to $4 a day; 15 laborers, near city, $1 25 and
board ; 50 . laborers for country, , $1 73, $2 and
$2 25 a day; railroad laborers, . free fare; min-
ers and quarrymen, $2 50 a day; furnace men,
- $2. a day: laborers and car men for mines,V$2
I a day;. lumber, pliers, $35 and- board; 5 ; bark
peelers, $45 • and board; ¦ 2 blacksmiths, .$2 50
and $2 a day; -2 blacksmith helpers, $125 and
. $1 50 a day, and -board; teamsters,, $1 25 a day
and board and $2 -a" day, and many- others.
J. F.i CROSETT & CO. , 628 Sacramento : st. *
SAN FRANCISCO EMPLOYMENT OFFICE.
• 323 Kearny; St., tel. John 3261— 50 R.NR.Mabor-
. era, Uklah and' Santa,- Barbara, .free; fare; 25
! laborers for sawmill; lOtlemakers and wood-
choppers; 23 laborers for, quarry, near, city, $2.'
'HELP WANTED— MALE— Con.
A— MURRAY & READY....... Phone Main 6848
Leading Employment and Labor Agents,
s ¦ -.WANT 7 A. M. TO-DAY.
$1 office fee arid no other expenses;" we ship
you free— morning, noon and night.
E lOO.teamsters for Ukiah......... ...free fare
¦ 100 laborers for Uklah ..wages $2 day.
; 75 laborers for Los Angeles and Santa Bar-
bara Div., free fare ..$1 75 to $2 day
MACHINE MINERS, IiABORERS.
¦4-machine miners, gold mine. ....... ........$75
2 single hand miners; new mine 75
_ 6 machine miners, 150 laborers, no experience
, . required, different gold and silver mines, $60,
$40 and $35 and found; 7 drillers, 15 muckers,
$75; 5 laborers, factory work, $1 75 and $2 day;
10 laborers, quarry, $60; 10 laborers, 8 hours'
work, no experience required, near citj\ $2
v ' day; 1585 laborers, all classes laboring work,
$1 75 to $2 50 day, $30 to $C0 and found; 5 men.
! warehouse work, $2 50 day; 25 laborers, com-
' pany work, $2 50 day; 5 Italian and Scandi-
havian laborers, factory, $2 day; 10 men to
handle grain. $2 50 day. H
> . TEAMSTERS— BOARD HOME. !
6 teamsters, steady Job, $2 day, board home;
10 laborers, 25o fare, $2 day; 5 laborers, con-
crete work, $34 and fd.; teamster for a mine,
$40 and fd.; can washer,- $45; linemen .and
' Jackscrewers for the woods;- 10 laborers for
sawmills, yards and woods, • $26 ¦ to $40: 5 as-
phalt miners; 10 laborers *o pile lumber for a
mine company. $60; 3 farmers and wives, $50.
AGRICULTURAL DEPT. '.
250 men, work in harvest and hay fields, $1 25
to $2 50 day; 10 teamsters, haul hay and grain,
$40 and $52 and fd. ; 4 teamsters, same orchard,
steady Job, $26 and fd.; 27 milkers. $30 and $35;
choremen and boys; ranch blacksmith, $52 and
found; blacksmith's helper, city, $2; black-
smith, ¦ country shop, $50 and found.
MECHANICAL HELP. - .
Wheelwright, country . shop ; machinist,' $3
. day; harnessmaker, ranch, $52 and found;
wagon maker and woodworker; 15 black-
smiths, country shops, ranches, etc., $3 and
$2 50 day. $40 and $50 and f d. ; . 3 , ranch car-
penters, 4 rough carpenters, $2 day; carriage
painter; handy man for boiler shop.
BAKERS, HOTEL HELP, ETC. j
Cook for institution, country, $40 and fd. ; 2
• cooks, -mine boarding-house, $40 and fd.;
cook's helper, mine boarding-house, $30 and
fd. ; cook's helper, railroad- camp, free fare,
¦$25 and fd. ; cook, country hotel, $50 and fd.;
. German waiter, . country hotel, $30 -and fd.;
camp cook.- $35; baker, country shop, near
city, $60; foreman baker;- 7, cooks, country
hotels: 5 cooks; ranch and harvest crews, $25
and $35; 15 waiters, city and country;- coat-
maker, country shop, $13 week.
MURRAY & READY 634-636 Clay st.
A— HOTEL GAZETTE, 25 Montgomery st,
room 12— Second cook, $55; bell boy, ' $25;
•colored waiter. $35. ¦. ¦ . .
JOURNEYMEN Barbers' International Union-
Free employment. 927 Market St., room 207.
I. LESS. Secretary; telephone Jessie 1176."
WANTED for U. S. Army— Able-bodied un-
married men between ages of 21 and 35; citi-
zens of United States, of good character and
temperate habits, who can speak, • read and
¦ -write English. For information apply to Re-
cruiting Officer, 121 - New Montgomery at.,
San Francisco, ,Cal. „ . ¦ ¦ - . ' • '
WANTED— Recruits for the marine corps. U.
S. Navy; able-bodied, unmarried men of good
character, between the ages of 21 and 35; not
less than 5 feet 4 inches and not over 6 feet 1
inch, able to read and speak English. For,
. further Information apply to the Recruiting
Office. 40 Ellis st.. San Francisco.
WANTED — Two boys between 12 and 15 years.
Apply at King's Liniment Medicine Company,
room 22, 62S Montgomery st. —
¦ffANTED — Steady young man to assist gener-
- ally- in light indoor -work; ~ $15 -per- week to
start; must have $75 cash. 25 Geary, rm. 1.
WANTED— Strong boy about 17 years old to
pack goods, etc. ; give references. Address
box 3514. Call office. -
CARPENTERS wanted; none but first class
men need apply. ROBINSON &. GILLESPIE,
337 Sutter st.
FIRST class sticker hand wanted. Apply J.
HAMMOND & CO., Second and Townsend.
SAILORS, ordinary, for ships for all parts of
the world. HERMAN'S. -26 Steuart st
WANTED— Man of good address at 630 Market
st., to do clerical work. '
SECOND , class cook or majx for short order
cooking at once. 2920 Lyon st.
WANTED— A second cook. G. W. MITCHELL,
2920 Lyon st.
A FIRST- class solicitor; best of terms.' 628
Montgomery st.,.room 2, 10 to 12 a. m.
AN active man of good address. Box 3513, Call
Office. ¦: ' . ¦
WANTED — Basters on coats. Apply factory of
S. N. WOOD & CO., 27 Geary st.
WANTED— Porter for saloon. Inquire 616 Clay
. st., 8 a. m.
EXPERIENCED advertising • solicitor for
newspaper. M. S., box 3552, Call office.
FIRST-CLASS painters at 463 Geary st, be-
tween Taylor and Mason.
WANTED— 6 A No. 1 first-class carpenters;
wages $3 75 per day. Apply at 811 Hyde st
ELDERLY man to do chores around bakery.
Apply at 1139 Folsom st
DISHWASHER. 38 Seventh St., 6 a. m.
WANTED— Wagon woodworker to do general
repairing. 318 McAllister st.
WANTED— Wagon blacksmith. 537 Brannan.
BARBER— Every afternoon, Saturday. Sunday;
1322 Stockton; wages $9; union- barber.
A GOOD shoemaker on repairing for shoe
store. Apply 2S01 Mission.
2 GOOD carpenters at 2007 Fillmore Bt ; call
early. i ••
A~ DISHWASHER wanted. 1224 Point Lobos
avenue. . , •¦
BARBER shoo for sale. 434 Pacific st
FOR sale— Two-chair barber shop. 122# East
. street. ' •
WANTED-^A first-class general all around
. candymaker for Honolulu; steady work and
good wages; good reference required.
ADOLPH HROMADA CO.. 224 Battery st.
COLLECTOR— Experienced Industrial insur-
ance man for concentrated $50 debit. Call
3 and 4 p. m., T. SPENCER, 1424% Park st,
Alameda.
TWO traveling men; salary $20 week; all ex-
penses; references exchanged: $25 cash secur-
lty; call, to-day. KNAPP & CO.. Royal Hotel.
BARBERS— Great snap; 2-chalr barber shop;
bargain; owner is going Eaat. Apply 1034
Golden Gate ave. ' ... ;
CARRIAGE painters and carriage blacksmith
finishers. OlBRIEN & SONS, 500 GoldenGate.
YOUNG man in butcher shop: take care of
! horse, and drive route. . Apply 2503 Clay.
GET*your shoes half-soled while waiting; 25c
to 50c. 563 Mission St.. bet 1st and 2d sts.
1000 MEN wanted— Teamsters, rock driUars,
tunnel, brush . and shovel men to wont <m
ditch and pipe line being constructed for the
Sweepstake Mining Co. near WtaverviH*,
•Trinity Co., , Cal.; apply on work; steady
work, .good board and best wages in State.
San Francisco -¦ Construction Co., 26 Mont-
gomery st." room 25, San Francisco. Cal. •
WANTED— Men to learn barber trade;- $60
.monthly paid our ."graduates; two months
-•¦completes: more calls for our barbers .than
we can supply; tools presented; wages Sat-
urdays; diplomas granted; busy season now;
call or write for our special offer to-day.
MOLER BARBER COLLEGE, 635 Clay st.
WANTED— At Master Bakers' Protective As-
Eociation. foreman, second and third bread
bakers; also confectioners; good pay; perma-
nent positions. 127 Mason st - * .¦ .
.WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed • Rolkin. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third st. ; 150 large
rooms; 25c per 'night; $1 to $3 per week.
PENSION AGENT EDWARD A. BULLIS,
Past Commander Geo. H. Thomas Post No. 2',
G. A. R.C room 40, Phelan bldg.. 806 Market.
McDONALD & FERRY- have 500 pairs second-*
hand shoes for sale; 50c. 241 Third st. .
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
.price. 663 Mission Bt.. bet. 1st and 2d sts. -
"WANTED — 500 men to buy new and 2nd-hand
army shoes, $1 up; soling 20c up. 923 Howard.
AT cash prices for $1 per week, men's suits to
.. order. NEUHAUS & CO.. 115,-Keyny.st.
PENSIONS— J. H. SHEPARD & CO.. attys.,
Hearst bldg.. Third and Market. t roqm 316. Jt
MEN to.. learn barber trade; catalogue mailed
free. S.F. Barber School, 741A Howard st
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st. near Mar-
, ket — 700 rooms, 25c night; reading-rooms; free .
' .'bus and baggage .to and from ferry. j */"¦
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore.
A. BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
has- been established at 1096
Valencia* st. ¦ V- 1 '. / •"
HOUSES AKD^WAGOXS.
WANTED — 300 saddle broke - geldings, ' 5 to 8
¦years; old. 15 hands 1 inch to 16 hands, solid
colors. Address A. F. ROOKER or JOHN J.
: DOYLE. 327 Sixth st. _, _^ : . .
FOR sale — At . a bargain, stylish and well-
matched team and new rubber tired rockaway
and harness complete, . Apply room 461, Par-
, rott building. . . : . . y
40 HORSES^ for sale: also wagons, buggies.
•. carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market,
327 Sixth st. ; auction sales every -Wednesday.
' SULLIVAN. & DOYLE, Auctioneers. •'
40 HEAD 'of work and. driving hors"es; 2 fast
. pacers. 721 > Howard • st '¦*•;-'•-. ¦'.'.'.", .'. .
STABLE. ¦¦- 2 • stalls with loft and wagon space.'
'.. 159 Hickory ave. ; $8. ; . . ¦ . - . .
RUBBER . tire ¦ trap," phaeton and ¦ surrey -at
• " O'BRIEN & SONS," ECO Golden ,' Gmte ave.
HORSES AND WAGONS— Contlnncd.
NEW $300 rubber-tir« surrey. $140; handsome
double harness: sound, gentle- young thorough-
bred, broken to saddle and harness; good busl-
ness buggy; ail $300; will sell part. 125 Geary.
ALL kinds of wagon, buggies, carts, harness,
etc., cheap. ' EGAN & SON.; 2117 Mission st
AN A No. 1 express wagon, single:' also light
' camping wagon, for sale cheap. 632 Mission.
'_ . HORSES WANTED. :_¦_"__ :_'.
HORSES wanted to work on scraper Job; four
or five months' work. Apply at 26 Montgom-
ery st, room 25.
HOUSES TO LET. '
A— PRINTED list houses to let: s'end for cir-
cular.- G. H. UMBSEN & CO., 14 Montgomery.
S45— 8 ROOMS; large finished basement; larg?
yard. 1615 Bush st.. near Franklin.
INSTANTANEOUS WATER . HEATER.
HOT bath in ten minutes at "cost of 2%c; saves
¦fire ln range; you light your flame and by the
'time you are disrobed your bath is ready; no
danger from explosion; sold on Installments;
call* and sec it in operation. RIBBON
WATER-HEATING CO.. Exam, bldg.. r. 607.
LOST AND FOUND. .
LOST — Sunday night on Scott st. between
¦ Geary and Thirteenth, one . pair blue tinted
nose glasses; reward. 17 Beale st, J. A. S.
LOST— A pass-book with the Hlbernia Sav-
ings and Loan Society of San Francisco, ln
the name of GEORGE J. HAUBEIL. No. 250-
1421. t The finder will please return jo bank.
FOUND on Post st, a lady's gold watch. Call
at 1478 Market st. prove property and pay
for . ad. ¦
Wanted— Old gold for manufacturing. O. Nolte,
. jeweler. 243 O'Farrell. bet Powell and Mason.
'" MATRIMONIAL.
GENTLEMEN wishing to marry wealthy ladles
send 10c for latest list. MRS. HERTZ, 706 Ellis
MATTRESSES AND PILLOWS.
TO order, also cleaned and sterilized, uphol-
stery; Al carpet cleaning; honest work guar-
anteed. HOPKE BROS., 411 and 413 Powell
st : tel. Bush 421. Factory 313 & 320 11th st.
MINES AXD MINING.
.MONTEZUMA— COPPER— COAL— COKE.
MONTEZUMA— COPPER— COAL— COKE.
"Why do you advertise Montezuma stock so
much?" is a question frequently asked.' We
reply ln a nutshell: Because It is profitable.
And It is profitable only because the stock haa
merit Having -merit, we wish the. public to
know It; and that can. be! accomplished only
by presenting to them the facts concerning the
great Montezuma Copper and Coal Mines. It
was Lincoln who said, "You can fool some of
the people all the time and all the people
some of the time, but you can't fool all the
people all the time." Rest assured that If
Montezuma stock lacked merit all the adver-
tising we might do would not make the hosts
of friends the company haa gained in Califor-
nia. The Montezuma mines have been exam-
ined by shareholders, to their entire satisfac-
tion. It offers safe and profitable investment,
as Is being constantly proven by Interested
persona. Price, 12c cash or 14c installments
til} July 1st Nothing better at twice the
price. Get prospectus. Our excursion to Se-
attle July 6th. Round trip, $33. including
first-class sleeper. Excursion folder free.
THE AMERICAN GUARANTY & TRUST CO.,
Selling Agents, 328 Montgomery St..
San Francisco.
DIVIDEND paying mining stocks at 3c, 5c and
10c per share; send for prospectus. Pacific
States Mining and Investment Co.. 326 Post st.
CHEAPEST and best ln America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address ln the
United States or Canada one year for $1,
postage paid. ¦
MEDICAL.
A— RENOWNED specialist; those who desire to
obtain results promptly; I treat ladies only;
my regulator, has no equal; all classes of fe-
male complaints relieved by treatment su-
perior to all others; the only treatment that
helps the unfortunate; the most obstinate
case* are Immediately relieved without pain;
no other treatment will do this: the most dif-
ficult cases treated; scientific methods guar-
anteed* DR. G. W. O'DONNELL, 101S Market.
HINDOHERB home treatment: tne most won-
derful, simple, sure remedies ever known for
indigestion, tapeworm, neuralgia, leucorrhea.
gonorrhea and all troubles of male and female
sexual organs; treat yourself; be your own
doctor; 4 months' suppository treatment. $4;
maternity home; bust developer; send stamp
for circulars. 1126 Market St.. S. F.. Cal.
A TREATMENT that is guaranteed to give in-
stant relief for all female complaints: the
longest and most obstinate cases.immediately
relieved without pain:. -travelers helped; no
delay; consult free. MRS. DR. KOHL. 1122
Market, bet. Mason and Taylor, opp. Hale' a.
DR. AND MRS. DA VIES. 122S Market, laaies'
specialists; 32 years' practice; all cases treat-
ed by our wonderful herb remedy: a reliable
k treatment, superior to anyother; positive cure
guaranteed at office: patients treated can re-
turn same day: -harmless; consultation free.
DR. and MRS. GOODWIN. 1033 Market, bet.
6th & 7th — Expert specialists: well known and
¦ reliable; 25 yrs experience: treatment guarnt'd
to give" instant relief from all female troubles;
avoid incompetent .specialists; consult free.
A POSITIVE -cure guaranteed in all female
complaints or money returned; my regulator
never fails: the most obstinate cases relieved
without pain: best cure; fee low; consult free.
MRS. DR. ALLEN, 1118 Market, nr. Mason.
MRS. DR. WYETH.. reliable specialist; 26 yrs7
successful practice; guaranteed treatment at
office; any ailment; home before* and during
confinement 942 Post, bet. Hyde and Larkln.
T. DUFFY'S solution guaranteed to cure all
fkin diseases. NW cor. G. C?. av>; & Fllimore.
MISCELLANEOUS— FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont st
BARS, back bars, mirrors, restaurant and po-
ker tables, barroom chairs, linoleum, new and
second-hand ; we always have a large stock of
saloon outfits on hand; 32 complete outfits on
one floor, ready made: we can ship everything
in 24 hours. J. NOONAN, 1017. 1019. 1021, 1023
Mission st. above Sixth; write for catalogue.
A— NEW 20 h. p. Hercules gasoline mine hoist
with engine combined. California* Hydraulic
Engineering and Supply Co.. 17-19 Fremont st.
A— BUYS, sells or rents gear, machinery, eri*^
glnes, boilers, water pipes, shaftings, pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW. 218 Spear st
FOR sale — 1 flagpole, almost new, 90 feet long:
100,000 feet of plank; 15,000 feet 1x6 fencing.
, At foot of Broadway.
A— $3 60, DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 75.- Popu-
lar Price Hatters. 33D Kearny st, near Pine.
$25— New • Singer sewing machine; 5 drawers;
oak; complete. 1915 Mission st. near 15th.
A — 2 JERSEY cows: on* fresh. 222 Diamond st
FOR sale— Two-chair barber shop. 122^ East
Btreet.
FINE suits. $10: dress pants. $2 73. . MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery st.
2D-HAND machinery all kinds bought sold
rented, exchanged. H. S. White, 516 Mission!
SAFES— New and second-hand; all sizes. THE
WALTZ SAFE. 109-111 Market st. San Fran.
$64 MAGIC lantern and moving picture ma-
chine $37 50. 109 Moptgomery st.
ONE 4-horse-power Covey engine; one 2%-
- horse-power Hercules: bargain. 910 Kearny,
SAFES — New and second-hand. THE HFR
MAN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento ft.
ENG J£i;f " nd ,,£°' lers : second-hand machinery.
J. BURKE. 133 Beale st. .' _.
FAIRBANKS' 10-ton hay scale; Jeweler's steel
lined safe, perfect order. 216 California st.
GASOLINE engines. 2d-hand. and other ma-
chlnery bought and sold. Epstein. 538 Mission.
Gasoline or distillate engines, new & 2d-hand-
all sizes; guaranteed. NEWELL. 56 Bluxome;
FIRST-CLASS second-hand modern engines and
boilers, bought and sold. KROQH 1IFG CO
w gb ffl^ ffsge t -£,y*--»*- p ° r "^
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— Th o Weekly Call
16 pages, in wrapper for mailing. $1 per year
MISCELLANEOUS WAXTsi ~~
A._ KLETN still pays the best price for clnt>ii n <,
bric-a-brac, etc. 109 6th; ; pff£ ? JS,gg. th iSfr
MONEY TO. LOAN.
A— MONEY to loan at rates which people can
afford to pay on furniture, pianos, etc. ; do
not borrow of your friends or y«m will los«
their friendship; do business with strangers
and you will be better satisfied: no delay; no
publicity. Rooms 9 and 10. 906 Market st
IS MORTGAGED
and you need more money, see H. MTJRPHT.
630 Market st Loans on estates in probate.
; undivided interests in estates, second mort-
' gages, etc. J
ANY proposition, any amount; 6 per cent: first
•econd mortgages, estates in probate, interest
in estates, legacies, corporation loans, chattel
mortgages and securities. Room 16, 1st floor.
' Chronicirbuilding. HALLoKaN & OLSSN.
ANY amount at 6%; first. 2d and 3d mortgages,
undivided Interest real estate -In proba'.-..
mortgages and legaciea bought: no delay; get
my terms before doing business elsewhere. R.
McCOLGAN. 34 Montgomery st.. room Z.
HIGHLY respectable, private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds, jewelry at low-
est rates,J?aldwln Jewelry Store 946 Market
st; tel. *Saln 1644. Branch 13 Third St.
MOST reliable place- to borrow on diamonds,
watches jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL 10 Sixth;
highest price for old gold, sliver, diamonds.
LOWEST rates on furniture," etc.. by private
party; no removal; no commission; confiden-
tial. Room 3. Conservatory bid?.. 331 Jones.
ON furniture, pianos; • no removal; money
ouick: lowest interest: easy terms ; no broker-
age; reliable party. 1170 Market st.. room 63.
DEAL direct: furniture, pianos: no removal;
low^rate ;strictly private. Lick. 116 McAllister.
ONE per cent on furniture: $5 a month on each
$1000; any security. 302 Montgomery st.. r. 1.
3% on furniture and pianos: $15 up; no removal:
no commission: private. Room 81. 8 Eddy st
ON salaries or wages : no indorser required. S.
F. DISCOUNT AGENCY. 143 Phelan -building.
MONEY loaned salaried people without security.
HILL. rm. 44. Merchants' Ex.. 431 Calif ornra.
LOANS money on salary: no Indorser: Easten>
plan. Western Loan Co.. 309 Phelan bldg.
$100,000 TO loan on real estate or for building:
low rate. 222 Sansome St.. room, 2.
THE Tousley Company; loans and discounts.
321 Parrot building. .
CASH loaned to salaried people oh note without
Indorser. MORRELL. «09 Examiner building^
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
WILEY B. ALLEN CO.... High Grade Pianos
Steck Everett, Ludwig, Packard. Hardman.
Conover, Harrington, Straube, Kingsbury.
Jewett Smith & Barnes. We control the sale,
of the above makes of pianos for the entire
Pacific Coast. We are a new concern here
and will turn the country upside down If
necessary In order to get business, and lots ot
See us or write to us. Prices low. Terms
"the WILEY B. ALLEN CO.. 933 Market
St.. San Francisco.
Branch 951 Broadway. Oakland.
TO close out a line of styles we will sell you
a fine new upright for $230; regular price
$375: you can pay by the month if desired:
we have the most complete facilities for re-
pairing your old piano: can make it as good
as new if you are willing, and It wontt cost
you more than It's worth: let us make you
an estimate; we are agents for the Decker &
Son. which is the original old and only
Decker piano. The ZENO MAUVAIS MUSIC
CO.. 7E9 Market st
ALL pianos purchased of SHERMAN. CLAY
& CO. may be exchanged for a new Steinway
upright or baby grand piano any time within
3 years from date of purchase, and have full
price allowed. New upright pianoa. $6 per
month; some good pianos sold for $3, $4 and
$3 per month. , SHERMAN. CLAY & CO..
Steinway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
sts.. San Francisco: corner Broadway and
Thirteenth st., Oakland.
REMOVAL of KEEFFE'S piano store from
Market st. to our large and elegant quarters.
314 Post st., opposite Union square. Are now
prepared to offer several new makes and all
of our old stock at greatly reduced prices.
JAS. KEEFFE. 314 Post St., between Stock-
¦ ton and Powell.
ANY piano sold by us taken back any time
within 3 years and full purchase price al-
lowed en a new peerless Knabe at regular
price: costs you only 20c a day to buy a
piano from U3. KOHLER & CHASE. CO
O'Farrell st: established 1S50.
A LIST of fine second-hand bargains— 1 Emer-
son. 1 Hallet & Davis. 1 Conover. 1 Curtaz. 1
Sterling. $75. $12.". $145. etc.; easy payments.
BENJ. CURTAZ & SON. 16 O*Farre}l St..
Chickerinsr. Vose. Starling Agency; also
Apollo, king of self-players.
ALL makes: great bargain: $50 up; rents $2
up allowed; we want agents: pianos furnished
free: you get first money when yoa sell.
HEINE PIANO CO.. 217 Geary st •
IF you wish first-class repair work done call
and Inspect our factory. BYRON MAUZY.
303 Post st
BARGAINS— Halnes, *2M; Kramer. $133: Nieu-
mann. $140: Cable. $173. W. C. HAMILTON.
8 Flood buildins. „
BARGAINS— Fischer. Weber. Manner. Nugent,
Hallet & Davis; easy payments. SCIIMITZ,
16 McAllister at*
LEFT on sale. Chickering upright like new.
$1S3. Room 38, 217 Geary st
A SPLENDID Steinway: uprights $100; pianos
rented $2 upward. BRUENN. 208 Post st.
jso — FINE upright: baby grand Steinwav: other
makes. FAY'S Piano Factory, 1729 Mission.
A LARGE Ipt of second-hand upright pianos
for sale chean. HORNUNG'S*. 216 McAllister.
LARGE 3-pedal upright piano: absolute sacri-
fice; leaving city. 127 Hyde st.. near Turk.
LUDWIG pianos the most popular. WILEY B.
ALLEN CO.. general agents. 933 Market st.
$3 PER month rents a beautiful piano. SCOTT-
CURTAZ PIANO CO.. 560 Haves st.
$117— MAHOGANY case Fischer upright, in
Geary St.. room 33. ,
A FINE upright piano -for sale cheap. 837 Me-
Allister st.
AT WILSON'S STORAGE. 1708 Market st. you
can get storage piano3 almost for a song.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
CHEAPEST and best ln America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent tf» any addreos In th»
United State* or Canada one year for $1.
OFFICES AXD STORES TO LET.
GEARY, 295. cor. Powell— A nice sunny suite of
rooms suitable for physician 6r dentist; rea-
sonable.
$13— STORE with fixtures; rooms good for dress.
maker or small business. Apply 353 Fifth.
FINE glass-front store. 4 rooms and large yard;
best of condition; rent $26. 442 Sixth st.
EMMA SPRECKELS building. 927 Market st—
Sunny offices. $15 to $20; usual services.
C «^ PEST and b " t ln America— The Weekly"
Call. 16 pages, sent to any * address In th«
United States or Canada one year for n.
¦ OIL. "
CALISTOGA Oil and Development Company,
operating on 2120 acres of oil land In nin»
districts. Office. 23 and 24 Merchants' Ex.
COSTA RICA— Last chance at 10c; big advane-
in a few days. Pacific States Mining and
Investment Co.. 326 Post. Open evenings.
OIL tanks, second hand. In good order- all •
sizes: cheap. H. S. WHTTF.. R16 Mission .st.
OIL LANDS^ ~~
CALL at room 18, Academy of Sciences bund-
ing If you want 160 acres of oil land at 12V,c
an acre. ,
' OPTICIANS.
IT IS DANGEROUS to wear glasses that have
been prescribed I by an unqualified optician.
If your eyesight is failing, or if your eves
trouble you in any way. erlve me a call Ex-
amination free. F. MATERLE, German -ex-
pert optician and graduate of Chicago Oph-
thalmic College. Note address. 1032 Mark-t
st. San Francisco.
PAINTERS AND DECORATORS.
PAPER-HANGING^ house painting: good reli-
Hhle work PlfirV« ?M T.a'V'n- fo) T/i'kli inM
PALMISTRY.
MME. GEFIMAINE, the business palmist~of
the Pacific Coast: 1 to 5. 9C6 Market st.
H. JEROME FOSSELLI. scientific palmist. S13
Taylor st.-bet. Geary and Post: tel. Black 561.
MRS. • LAMB. • scientific palmist and character
reading: lessons in class and private. R17 Jnnps.
PHYSICIANS AXD SURGEONS.
DR. C C. O'DONNELL — Office and. residence.
1021 Market st.,, between Sixth and Seventh.
DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor, successfully
treats all diseases of the human body: see
testimonials at office. 11S-117 Mason, nr. Ellis.
PHYSIOGXOMT.
SCIENTIFIC delineation of character by face
or photo. Mary O. Stantcn. 810 Leavenworth:
verbal read'g. tl: printed chart. $2 50: lessons.
~ PILES.
. NEARLY 1000 permanent cures here ln your
midst: many who have suffered 20 to 30 years;
over fifty names of prominent business men
tent as reference: no . chloroform, surgery or
. delay from business, and no salves for sale.
Particulars address Physician, box 1930, Call
office, S. F.. CaL .COMMERCIAL NEWS
Continued from Eighth. Page.
• Louise E." or Louisa Schwarze - to -John W.
Horn -lot on E.line of Buchanan street, 67:6
S of Pine. S 22:6 by E 82:6; also lot on E line
of Buchanan, street, 90 S' of Pine, S 22:6 by E
82:6: $SC0O. '¦•-. • .¦¦•*:<"':- ¦;-¦'¦ ¦ .¦_ .
¦ '.Francis , X., John , P., \ Alphonsus L., Annie
L.; ; William' A., Margaret. E. and -Charles V.
Morris to ' Otto F. ¦ Grundel, lot on . N > line of
O'Farrell street,- SO W of Devisadero, W 45 by
N-80:J1000.-, :. ¦ ': . v -. ¦ " ' ' ; : ;.
:¦ Almeric and Mary H. Coxhead and George P.
and 'Marie I. Tallant to>R. D.' Fry..lot on.SE
corner of Pacific and Walnut, streets,' E 32:6 by
S ¦¦ 63:10% : $3000. \ ; ..¦'.... ; .... - '¦-,
VPotrero i Land Improvement Company to Dan-
REAL ESTATE * TRANSACTIONS.
WATER STOCKS.
Marin^Count^: - f^" 5 ™* y ' £5 * K%
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent L & P.. 3^— Pacific Lt .... 48 —
Equitable .... 4% 4% Sacramento ... — —
Mutual 4% 6 S F G & E.. 4194 4l«
Oakland 50% 50% San Francisco. 4% 4^
Pac Gas Imp.. 40 45 Stktn G & E. 8 —
INSURANCE.
Firem's .Fund.242% — ¦ | i
BANKS.
Anglc-Cal ..... 77 — L P & A. 147 —
California ....408^410 Mer Ex (llq).. 16 —
Cal Safe Dep.107% — S F Natlonal.l27VS —
First. Natl 309 — .
SAVINGS BANKS.
German 1900 1975 Sav & Loan — —
Humboldt — — — Security 275 —
Mutual 5Q — Union Trust.. 1600 —
San Franclsco.527^ —
STREET RAILROADS.
California .....130 134' |O S L & H... 40 —
Geary ¦.-,';— >40 Presidio 25 —
Market 70& — |
POWDER.
Giant 77 77^/Vlgorlt 3 3%
• ' SUGAR.
Hana 7 7% Kilauea 18« 19
Hawaiian 60 — Makawell 38 38%
Honokaa : .21% — Onomea 22% 25
Hutchinson ... 18% 19 Paauhau 26% 27
m MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska Pack.. 129 130 I Oceanic S Co. 61 54
Cal Fruit Can. 95 • — Pac Aux F A 2 —
Cal Wine Asn.100 — Pac C Borax 165
Merchnts' Ex.110 — JPar Paint ...16 —
* Morning Session.
Board—
25 Alaska Packers* Association 129 75
.™ 10 Alaska Packers' Association 129 60
$3000 Bay Counties Power Company 105 00
120 Contra Costa Warer 80 50
10 Giant Powder Con 77 25
10 Makawell 38 25
$1000 Oakland Water 5s : 103 00
67 San Francisco Gaslight 4 25
10 S F Gas & Electric Co 41 25
75 S F Gas & Electric Co... 41 00
60 S F Gas & Electric Co. s 90 41 00
L 125 S F Gas & Electric Co./..' 40 75
50 S F Gas & Electric Co, s 90......... 40 50 v
5 S F Gas & Electric Co...... 40 87%
30 S V Water 85 50
: - Street— .
$4000 S F & S J V bonds 121 00
Afternoon Session.
Board—
i 135 Honokaa S Co 22 00
$2000 Oakland Transit Co 6 per cents 119 00
25 Pacific Coast Borax '..165 00
125 S F Gas & Electric Co 1 40 87%
50 S F Gas & Electric Co, s 90 40 87%
60 S F Gas & Electric Co..... 41 00
50 S F Gas & Electric Co....: 41 37%
30 S V. Water' 85 50
Street—
$10,000 Bay Counties Power Co 5s. ...?.. .105 00
103 Pacific Lighting 48 00
$10,000 S P Branch Ry 6 per cents 135 00
PRODUCERS' OIL" EXCHANGE.
Morning Session.
Board— •
6 Blue Goose 20
500 Dominion 10
300 Home 2 20
300 Home 2 25
1100 Occidental of West Virginia 52
30 Peerless BOO
200 Sterling (b 30) 135
Street —
50 Blue Goose 25
Afternoon Session.
3 Hanford .....*. S3 00
200 Home 2 20
57 Kern 5 00
520 Monte Crlsto '. .2 00
160 San Joaquin Oil & Development.... 7 87%
150 San Joaquin Oil- & Development.... 7 75
SAN FRANCISCO OIL EXCHANGE. '
Mornlns Session. - '
. ; . Board —
60 Home Oil 2 20
1035 Independence ...* 12,
100 Junction 19/
500 Lion 1 12
100 Twenty-Eight 112%
• ¦¦ - •;.. Afternoon Session.
- : Board— . *
1000 Cal. Standard 27
,_ -5 Hanford ».. '. 84 00
100O Junction • 16
500 Lion, b 60 13
100 McKlttrick 26
1000 Monarch of Arizona 33
100 Monte Crlsto 2 00
60 Peerless 5 00
MINING STOCKS. . -
Following were the sales In the San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
, . ¦ \ ' . Morning Session.
BOO Best & Belcher 28| 400 Ophir 88
100 Caledonia ...... Sol 600 Overman 18
* 100 Mexican, 22 1 400 Sierra Nevada. 21
." Afternoon Session.
600 Best & Belcher 28 600 Mexican ....... 21
800 Con Cal & Va..2 15 300 Sierra Nevada.' 21
, 100 Gould & Curry.- 16 , ~ - .
Following were the sales in the Pacific Stock
Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
900 Best & Belcher 28 750 Mexican 23
1100 Best & Belcher 29 150 Mexican 22
600 Best &Belcher 30 600 Ophir 87.
200 Best & Belcher 32 300 Ophir .85
MOO Chollar ......... 05 500 Potosl 09
600 Con. Cal & Va..2 15 SCO Savage 12
200 Gould & Curry. 17 300 Sierra Nevada. 21
. 200 Hale & Norcrs. 23
Afternoon Session. '
900 Best & Belcher 27 300 Gould & Curry 16
I 500 Best* & Belcher 28 200 Hale & Norcrs. 21
300 Best & Belcher 26 200 Mexican 21
200 Chollar ;.......' 04 60 Ophir 85
100 Con Cal & Va2 15 300 Sierra Nevada. 21
:200 Con Cal & V.2 12% 300 Silver Hill..... 30
' CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
\ ''*; TUESDAT, June 25—4 p.'m.'
. .:- Bid. Ask. Bid. Ask.
Alpha .......... 01 . 03 Justice 01.02
"Alta ............ 05 C6 Kentuck ....... 01 03
Andes 04 05 Lady Wash..... 01 —
Belcher ........ 11 13 Mexican .... 2.1 22
Best & Belcher 25 27 Occidental 03 .04
Bullion 03!Ophir 84 85
Caledonia ....... 34 36 j Overman ....... 16 17
Challenge Con.. .18 -19[Potosi ....: 08 ." 10
Chollar ......... > 04 K 05 Savage 10 12
Confidence 1 .68; 75 Scorpion. :.. — 04
Con Cal & Va..2 10 2 15 Seg Belcher,.... — 02
Con' Imperial... — 01 Sierra ¦' Nevada. 20 21
Con New York.' — 01 Silver Hill 28 29
Crown Point... 07 09 St Louis. ........ 06 — r
Eureka Con.... 06 ;-— |Standard ....... —3 70
Exchequer ...'..' — *. 02 Syndicate ...... .05 ' 07
Gould & Curry. : 15 .. 16 [Union Con 17 IS
Hale & Norcrs. ; 22 - 2Srutah :....: 03 05
Julia- ; — 02 Yellow Jacket.. 08 10
iel Lordon, lot on W line of Minnesota street •
275 N of Twenty-second (Sierra), N 25 by W
100; grant.
Alexander Hamilton to Clara S- Hamilton
lot on E line of Nineteenth avenue, 275 S of
Clement street, E 120 by N 50; gift.
/John G. and Emma J. North (Hansen) to
Solomon Getz, lot on N line of I street 57 6
E of Seventeenth avenue. E 50 by N 100- I10CO
Nellie B. and J. W. Benchley to Mary Ny
lander (wife of E. E.), lot 34, block 4, Sunny
side Addition No. 1; $10.
Antoine and Gracie Borel to Milton G. Wise
lot on S line of Brazil avenue. 50 E of Paris
street. E 25 by S 100, block 19, Excelsior Home
stead; $300. .
Amanda M. Haynes to George W. H. Pat
terson, lot on SW corner of Mansell and Prince
ton streets. W 120 by S 100. block 125, University
Homestead Association: $10.
James T. Burns to Annie B. McMullen lot on
W line of Boyce street, 200 S of Point Lobos
avenue, S 25 by W 103:2%, block F, Junipero
Homestead: gift.-'
Estate, of Rachel Prince (By David Crown
and Isidore Label, executors) to Rosalie Stich
(widow), lot on N line of Fulton street, 35 E
of Buchanan, E 25 by N 80; $3100. .
Louis and Jennie Friedlander to Emma L
Stanley, lot on W line of Devisadero street
87:6 N of Haight N 23 by W 87:6; $9500.
C. A. and Adel Meussdorffer to John Laird
lot on SE corner of Washington and Lyoii
streets, E 31:3 by S 100:4V4; $4000.
David C. Coleman to Lawrence J. Dwyer lot
on E line of Bryant street, 220 feet S of Twen
ty-fifth. S 25 by E 100; $3000.
Jane A. and Henry R. Coleman (By r>. W
Loring and C. F. Rilliet, trustees) to Conti
nental Building and Loan Association, IS 12 D
266, lot on S line of Army street, 215 feet W of
Dolores, W 23 by S 114; $1669.
Estate of Teresa Bocca (By Antonio Bocca
administrator) to Vincenzo Bocca, undivided
one-quarter interest in lot on E line of Dupont
street, 80 feet S of "Vallejo, S 40 by E 57:6; $1700
Anna M. and Charles M. Etique and Charles
H. and Marie L. Trolliet to Burnham& Marsh
Co. (corporation), lot on NW line of Stevenson
street, 310 feet NE of Fourth, NE 20 by NW 70
$15,000. ¦ • - : - . *
Elizabeth M. and Robert Thompson to Wil
liam T. Beatty, lot on NW line of Folsom
street, 84 feet SW of Rausch, SW 2S by NW
100; $3000.
William W. and Carrie F. Rednall to Charles
and Adellna Mattson, lot on E line of Wiscon
sin street, 375 feet N of Twenty-fifth (Yolo) N
26 by E 100; $1500. . .
1 William .and Agnes G. Mann to J. M. Silver,
lot on N line of Peralta avenue, 130 feet W of
York street, W 30 by N 150, Precita Valley lot
227; $500. ...
Ernst Anders to Bertha Llppolt (wife of
Peter), lots 3, 4 and. 5, block 4, Sunny Vale
Homestead; gift.
Nancy B. Cook to Viola C. Carr. lot on NW
corner of Lobos and Capitol streets, W 105 by
N 125, block O, Railroad Homestead Associa
tion; $1000.
John Kundert to George E. and Minnie Stleg
litz. lot on SW line of Francis street. 225 feet
NW of Mission, NW 25 by SW 150, Academy
Tract: $450. .\ ,.
William and Enima Camp to Frederick O.
Arndt, lot on W line of Aberdeen street 156
feet S of Brazil avenue. NW 62:S%. SW 73:0%
SE'81:6. N 77 :5%. block 95, Excelsior Home
stead; $210. . • .
Ida B. and C. H. Taylor (By D. W. Loring
and C. F. Rilliet, trustees) to Continental
Building and Loan Association, 1871 D. 77, lot
on S line of Joost street. 225 feet E of Congo
E 25 by S 80. block 41, Sunnyslde;$SS0.
Builders' Contracts.
Domenico Difranco (owner) with Lulgi Cuneo
(contractor). ' architect.— All work for a
three-story and basement frame building on
south line of San Francisco street, 45:6 E of
Taylor. E 46 by S 55; $5000.
Minnie P. Shotwell (owner) with O. E. Brady
& Son (contractors), architect Nathaniel Blais
dell.—Shoring, excavations, brickwork, iron
work included in brickwork, removal of pres
ent sidewalk, and stonework for six-story and
basement brick building on SW line of Fourth
street, -309 :4% SE of Mission, SE 34:4% by SW
137:6: $11,475. ',-.
. J. B. Levlson (owner) with Schanz & Grundy
(contractors), architect Julllus E. Krafft—Sew
ering, plumbing and gasflttinK for | a three
story; ' attic and basement residence on N lin?
of Pacific avenue. 103:H~ K of Stelner, E 51-2*4
N 127:8%, -W 16:9%. N 9:9%. W 34:4^4. S 137:6:
$1975/ >£&&*
Same owner with J. H. Keefe (contractor),
architect same.-r-Palntlng. graining, varnishing
wood finishing and tinting for same on same:
$1473. * -. '
J. P. (owner) with C. ¦ F. Johnson and
L. A. Secor (contractors), architect . All
work except mantels, gas and electric fixtures
shades, tiling, service pipes and street sewer
for a two-story ' and . rou eh .basement framf
building on S line of Fulton street.- 100 W of
Baker. S 1C0 by W 25; $4927."
> Mcrri3 and , Meyer Lando (owners) with F.
Eskilson : (contractor^, architects Rousseau &
Son— All ¦ alterations and | additions except
; plumbing, painting, mantels and shades for a
three-story • frame . building on SE corner of
Kddy and Leavenworth streets, E 40 by S
65:4%; $6070. J \ : , . \ . ..
' Lucy Pllger and Hilda Levi (owners) with
Hugh Keenan '. & Son , (contractors ¦ and archi
j tecta) — All alterations and additions to change
two two-story' frame build Injrs ¦ Into three-story
frame buildings (flats) on N line of Post street,
2C1 E of Larkin, E 50 by N 137:6; JH.OCO. >
Judge Cook, just returned from Santa
Rosa, occupied the bench in Department
12 of the Superior Court yesterday morn
ing: and rapidly disposed of a number of
cases. James Sweeney and Peter Flnni
gan, two ex-convicts, pleaded guilty to a
charge of burglary and were each sen
tenced to fifteen years, the first named in
San Quentln and the last named in Fol
som. On the night of March 9 they
broke into the store of Carl Mannes,
821A Howard street, and stole articles
valued at a few cents. As'they had agreed
to plead guilty the prior convictions
against them were not pressed. In sen
tencing them the Judge remarked that if
he had his way every burglar who en
tered a residence at night when murder
might follow would receive a life sentence.
The prisoners had got the limit, but if
they had gone to trial and been convicted
with the priors against them he would
have imposed the life sentence.
Mrs. Botkin's Case.
Mrs. Cordelia Botkin, charged with the
murder of Mrs. Dunning and the sister of
the last named/ Mrs. Deane, was again in
court. By consent the case was continued
till Saturday to be set for the second trial.
The Judge said he understood the defend
ant's attorneys were to apply for a writ
of habeas corpus before the Federal
Courts- and he hoped they would do so
soon. If he was applied to for a writ he
would deny the application so that the
matter could be taken to the higher court
at once. If no writ was applied for before
Saturday, the case would be peremptorily
set and the witnesses would be brought
from Delaware.
The cases of C." H. Merrill and H. A.
Hudson, the two • bunko men who came
from the East to await the arrival of the
Presidential party and were arrested at
the Orpheum charges of grand larceny
for stealing a diamond pin from James A.
Berry of Fresno, were called. When they
were held to answer their attorney ap
plied for a writ of habeas corpus, which
was denied by Judge Cook, but the Judge
remarked that If there was no other evi
dence than that before him he would have
to instruct the jury to acquit when the
cases came up for trial.
Lack of Evidence.
The men had been released on $500 bonds
each and that was the last seen of them.
Yesterday Captain Seymour was called to
the stand and admitted that he had been
unable to procure any further ! evidence
and Assistant, District Attorney Deuprey
asked that the cases be dismissed, which
was so ordered.
Joseph Kearney, known as "Bull"
Kearney, was arraigned on a charge of
burglary for breaking into the store of
Charles Samuels, 535 California street.
There are eight prior convictions against
him and he' pleaded not guilty, but was
given till Saturday to reconsider his plea.
The case of Julia Gonzaleski and Fran
cisco Gardelli, charged with grand larceny
for stealing valuable jewelry from the
residence of Mrs. Catherine Espinosa,
where the woman was employed, was
called and continued till Saturday, when
the defendants will plead. The woman has
already made a confession to the police
and it is expected she will plead guilty
and turn State's evidence against her ac
complice, whom she accuses of leading
her into crime.
Judge Cook : Imposes
Heavy Sentence in
Two Cases.
Mrs. Botkii^'s • Second Trial
Will Be Peremptorily Set
Saturday.
FIFTEEN YEARS
FOR BURGLARS
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL
Henry Dicks, Chicago
H G Powers, Crockett
H Schumacher, Sacto
W .Hunt, San Jose
Miss M F Durpley,
Boston .
G W Perkins. N Y
W S Milner & w. Sttl
H H Goodwlch & W.
Mrs C S Gocdwich &
daugh, Pasadena
D F Foster, w & ch,
Indiana
J F Price, St Louis
M H Diggs, Honolulu
A Newman, Seattle
S V Haskell. PorUnd
B F Porter & w, Ariz
B M Merrill, Wash
M E Ellis & w. Cal
Mrs H Ellis, Cal j
J M Karbridse, Yreka
F M Martin. Sebastopl
H A Stearns. Cal
Mrs C C Ricks, Cal
E Amsdon, Michigan
F C Benjamin, Wash
Miss M A Cunnane. Cl
K C Janney, Phlla
G C Thomson, L A
G H Huntley. Sebstpl
C O Kelog. Cal ¦
W I Foley _ d?; Sac
Mrs H Jealous, Londn
W D Madigan, Stoctn
C I Wright. Berkeley
S W Van Sychel, Cai
A J Larson, Lodi
A KnigHt, Fresno
Stella Stewart, Portld
J Weissoeim. Cal
P F Slmonds, Nev Cty
F S Peck. N Y
F S Rollins. N Y
USA
Mra R F Gardner
S G Moore, Los Gatos
G B Moore, San Antnlo
Mrs N S Phelps, Mich
Miss M Johnston. Men
Miss Ethel Phelps.Mch
C Johnston, Eureka
F Bell & w. Salt Lke
Miss L Bell. Salt Lke
A L Biphy. Watsnvle
Mra J R Mclntosh, Va
Miss A Mclntcsh, Va
Miss Mclntosh, Va
D Reynolds & w. Cal
H C Stovall. Williams
R W Skinner. Marysvl
Miss McClatchy. Set
Mrs J McClatchy, Set
PALACE HOTEL.
C E Mills, Arizona
J Langton. N.Y
H Solgawelt & w, Ger
S P Langly. D C
G E Plckett, USA.
H C Corbin, D C
J Johnston. DC '
W A Ackson, Los Ang
F C Bearing. England
Mr & Mrs Boarins.Eng
A Soaring. England
A S Compton & w, N Y
Miss Compton. N Y
A F Compton, N Y
E S Ferry, Salt Lake
G E Cotton. Chicago
Von Schoneson. China
Dr P Rooler, Austria
J E White. Manila
D Fichman. N Y
C P Braslan, San Jose
T T Williams. Sn Raf
J J Sullivan. Boston
F P Mills. Coulterville
F H Hurford, Tucson
C A Canfleld. L03 Ang
A J Chandler. Phoenix
R J Waters, Los Ang .
E Knight & w, Ls Ang
Miss G Knight. Ls An?
Miss L Plnney, La An*
C J Titus, Mt View
Mm Stevens. Seattle
C McGibb. Los Ang
J Lang & w, Portland
Mrs J McDougall. Cal
Mrs R S McDougall.Ca;
Miss S P Smythe. Cal
J F Campion, Denver
L S Noble. Denver.
A P Redding & w. Cal
P M Knapp, Salt Lake
G L Hardison, Ls Ang
W W Chapin, Sacto
S H Bonna, N Y
A S Dickey & w. lad
J Sparger. Texas
J F Kiepetpa. Butte
A H Tarbett & W.Utah
Miss E Tarbett, Utah
W M House. Texas
Mra I Fredenhall. Wyo
Mrs G Wilson, Denver
C L Wilson, Denver
Miss M Parsons. Detrt
W G Blatt. Detroit
W L Nickol. N Y
A P Cloutler. Mont
A Nicely. Mont
T Wilkinson. Represa
NEW WESTERN HOTEL
C L Coblentz, Indiana
Frank Dunning, 111
George Dunning, 111
Alfred Williams, Pa
D F Hammell. Cal
C Cooper, Portland
F R Phillips. Denver
T P Fahy.- New York
Phil Taley. New York
H P Cochrane. Pittsbg
Frank Scott. Pittsburg
Max Wurst. wife and
child. Hongkong-
C B McNally. Sacto
G E Weber, Sebastopol
M L Stevens&w. Seatle
H S 'Stevens. Ohio
Mrs J G I>uke. Denver
Mrs M H Hale. Denver
Chas Doehrlng. N Y
D Stewart, Bakersfleld
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, .WEDNESDAY, JUNE' 26 V 1901.
11
STOCKTON. 332— The Ottlngton— Few choice
¦ suites and several small rooms; cheap.
ROYAL House, 126 Ellis— Incandescent light;
reading-room, smoking-room and ladles' par-
lor; rooms, per night, 35c to $1 50; week, $2 to
$8; month. $S to $30; elevator on ground floor;
rooms with hot and cold-water; baths.
ROSEDALE House, 319-321 Ellis St.— Rooms
night, 25c to $1; week,$l 25 to $4; open night.
POWELL. 207. (changed hands)— Nicely fur-
nished rms., en suite or sin.; baths; transient.
REAL ESTATE— CITY— FOR SALE.
MODERN home of 9 rooms on Vallejo st. ; lst-
class neighborhood; will be sold at a bargain.
DAVIS & BIVENS, room 63, 916 Market st.
FOR sale— Lot 25x112 ft., with front and rear
house; good paying property. Apply to owner
on premises, 51 Rausch st.
SHOTWELL. 924, near 23d— 65-ft. front: warm
belt; house. 9 rooms and bath; garden: 2-
story stable; 14-foot drive; sun all around.
REAL ESTATE — COUNTRY — For Sale
WANTED— To sell the well-known Ocean View
farm; 40 acres; Income property; beautiful
country home and summer resort combined ;
Eanta Cruz Mountains; elevation 2400 feet; no
fog; grand view of ocean 4 miles away; 5
miles from Fulton, 6 from Ben Lomond, 12
from Santa Cruz; ¦ splendid house. 1 rooms,
bath, pantry, hard finish; cottage, barn and
outbuildings; fine apple orchard. 4 acres best
table crapes In county, 4 acres prunes, 20
. acres fruit all told; walnuts, chestnuts, al-
monds, cherries, peaches, pears, plums, ber-
ries; balance pasture and farming land; near-
ly level: fine water piped all over place: price
14500, $2500 cash, balance Ions time, or would
take balance, in bay town property or trade
for good farm In the Eastern States. Address
JAS. KILGORE. Bonny Doon. Cal.
FINE stock farm of 620 acres near Marysville:
4S0 acres wheat, 15 acres garden, berries and
fruits, balance summer fallowed; water right
5000 Inches of water goes with place; ditch
¦will cover several thousand acres; water
right alone Is worth price asked for place;
this must be eold to close an estate; price
$25 an acre. Address box 476, Marysvllle, Cal.
BUY In Xapa County; no droughts^, no irriga-
tion, no failure of crops: write us for free
copy '"Napa County Vlticulturlst." The.W.
A. MACKINDER CO., St. Helena. Cal.
POULTRY and dairy ranches for sale: write for
free list. C. R. WTNFIELP. Petaluma. Cal.
REAL ESTATE TO EXCHANGE.
120 ACRES good oil land, together with 62,500
shares or quarter Interest in oil company Just
organized owning 1000 acres — no debts — stock .
'non-assessable, for house and lot in San
Francisco. Oakland. Alameda or Berkeley;
trade insures good position with company.
Address box 3546, Call office.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA COTTAGES FOR SALE.
FOR sale — Modern cottage. 6 rooms: bath; lot
60x150. 1518 Mozart St.. Alameda. Mastick stn.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
BARGAINS" IN BERKELEY^ ~ -— ~
14-room house, convenient for boarding stu-
dents, $4250; 10-room house. 2 blocks from
railroad Btation, 1 block from street cars, very
large lot. $8000; 14-room house, on fine street,
very substantially built, faces south. $7600;
fine 6-room cottage, beautiful flower garden,
centrally located, $3000; 8-room house, con-
venient to railroad and street cars, large lot.
$5000: 6-roozn bouse in- good repair, in good
neighborhood, close to railroad and street
cars, $1500; 4-room cottage, with bath. $1000,
terms ea#y; 4-room cottage, with bath, 2 large
lots, $2000. SATOFF & WILKINS, 2121 Cen-
ter St.. Berkeley. .
FOR exchange— Near university; fine 18-room
house; built for boarding house; In the hands
of the right party there is a good living in
this. S. S. QUACKENBUSH. Real Estate.
opposite bank.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAXD REAL ESTATE.
JS500— ALICE Bt.. Lakeside district; 12-room
residence; large lot; offer considered; owner
must sell: see this. LAYMANCE REAL
ESTATE CO.. 460-462 Eighth St.. Oakland.
A SPECIAL offering— Telegraph ave.; $5000,
cost $7500; fine home, 9 rooms; 50 feet; abso-
lutely choicest location; authorized to sell at
once. LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE CO., 460-
462 Elehth Et.. Oakland.
12850 — SNAP; modern 2-story, 8-room ; porcelain
bath, mantel, 2 toilets: lot 50x140; stable; nice
location; near Grove St.; must sacrifice; going
away: great bargain. LAYMANCE REAL
ESTATE CO.. 460-462 Eighth st., Oakland.
A BANKER'S home at a sacrifice; $S500, cost
$17,000; offer considered; half block elegant
grounds; 8-room home; elevated; grand loca-
tion for one in poor health: going to Ger-
many: see at once. LATMANCE REAL ES-
TATE CO.. 460-462 Eighth St.. Oakland. ¦- •
1500 DOWN (or less)— Pretty Eastlake cottage
of 5 rooms, bath and basement; cost $2500 to
builds Insured for $1500 ;¦ street complete;
J stone walks and open lawn; rents for $20,
downtown; only a -block from Broadway.
GEO, W. AUSTIN & CO..
1008 Broadway. Oakland.
OAKLAXD KCH.XITU11E KOR SALE.
AN introduction to you from H. Schellhaas, the
furniture dealer. 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
EDDY, 933— Floor of 4 or 2 furnished house-
keeping rooms; private residence; no children.
ELEVENTH. 34 — 2 sunny rooms, complete for
housekeeping. ¦
FIFTH, 264— Newly furnished room; connecting
kitchen; stove, sink; rent $10 60; also one un-
furnished room. $5.
GROVE. 14 — 2 large, sunny rooms, kitchen and
bath; unfurnished. Call bet. 1 and 6 o'clock.
HOWARD, 761Vfr— Nicely furnished bay window
suit; man and wife; kitchen; others.
HOWARD. 1546 — Kitchen and bedroom furn-
. lahed; folding bed; porch and yard.
LARKIN, 227, cor. Golden Gate— Sunny house-
keeping and other. rooms; phone and bath.
LEAVENWORTH, 1521—2 or S rooms, furnished
or unfurnished; private family; rent cheap.
NOE, 153— Two pleasant sunny bay-window
rooms; modern cor, flat, gas, bath, grate; $14.
OAK, 119 — Large, sunny front furnished house-
kpg. ; newly papered; large closet: reasonable.
POLK, 1002— 3 and 6 room suites, completely
furnished for housekeeping; $15 up; reference.
TURK, S03— Three nicely furnished rooms; gas,
bath; also alcove room & kitchen, unfurnshd.
TWENTY-THIRD, 3728, near Dolores— 3 sunny
bay-window room's, nice, neat, complete.
VAN NESS, 232— Housekeeping rooms, complete.
"WILLOW ave., 10, off Larkin, nr. Eddy— 2 rms.
fur.; general housekeeping; $12; no children.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore.
ROOMS TO IiET— Furn. and Unfnrn.
AHLBORN HOTEL, 321 Grant ave.— Best $1 a
day family hotel in city; polite attendance;
large rooms, 60c up; meals 25c; free coach.
A— BRUNSWICK HOUSE, 148 Sixth— Rooms.
25c to $1 per night; $1 25 to- $5 per week, and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
A— MARKET 1049A— Nicely furnished suites,
$15 per month up; singles,' $5 per month up.
BRANNAN. 725, above 6th— Three nice eunny
rooms; rent $8. ¦¦•¦.¦.
BURNETT. 1426 Market (old No. 1364)— Fur-
nlshed mi., suites, single; also unfurnished.
CLIFFORD. 204 Elll". cor. Mason— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
FELL. 468— Furnished rooms in private family;
gentlemen; reference required. i -
FIFTH. 107 Pleasant," sunny unfurnished
rooms to let. ' '
FIFTH 26t— Nice clean front room.; bath; rent
$6 50. . ' ' ¦ • ' - '•
FOLSOM. 776%— Neatly furnished bay-window
room to rent; reasonable.
FRANCISCO— Elegant suites; single with baths;
transient. MRS. KING. Turk and Taylor.
GOLDEN GATE ave., 730— Large sunny double
front room; single room, ¦ $6 ; bath ; private.
HAWTHORNE, 172J near Harrison— Sunny,
medium-sized room for gent; reasonable; ref.
HOTEL St. Denis (European plan). 24 Turk st.,
nr. Market— New building, elegantly furn.;
lust opened; strictly first class and up-to-date
in all appointments; inspection' invited; must
be. seen to be appreciated; 75c day and up;
epecial rates by week or month; references.
HOTEL Graystone, | 66 Geary st. — New 6-story
fireproof hotel; electric light and elevator: un-
questionably the most luxuriously ¦ furnished
In the .city: steam heat; private baths: one
block from Palace Hotel. Phone John 3331.
HOWARD. 1063— Newly furnished sunny front
bay-window room; 'electric lights; stove..
HOWARD, 1072—3 rooms in the ' rear house;
$6.
HYDE. . 209— Lovely large corner .suites and
single rooms; private bath.
JONES. 321 — Sunny frcnt bay-window . room;
gentleman preferred; reasonable.
KEARNY. 34. and 47 Post— Sunny furnished
rooms and offices; rent reasonable. '.
LARKIN. 707, nr. Ellis— Nicely furnished sunny
front room. JO; small flat; private. family. ..
MARKET. 1015 (New Arlington)— Nicely fur-
nished rooms, $2 a week up; 35c a day up. v
MARTINET, 1101 Geary— Elegant suites, newly,
furnished; private; bath; single rooms $10 up.
McCLELLAND, 200 Turk St.— Sunny,; furnished
single and double rooms; also transient.
MIN/JA, „ 667, corner Eighth— Newly furnished
bay-window room, II per week; transient. .
ROOMS ¦ TO LET — Fnru. and Unf urn
ANDERSON— WALLIN— In this city. June 22,
1901.. by .the Rev. A. J. Rodell, Albert Ander-
son and Thyra Wallln, both of San Fran-
cisco. "'.-¦) ¦
ANDRESEN— LANG— In this city, June 2,
1901, by v the Rev. A.'J. Rodell, Oscar J. An-
- dresen and Albertlna Lang, both of San
Francisco.
DRELLER— TUFOESON— In this city, June
22, 1901, 1 by the Rev. A; J. Rodell, Johannes
E. Dreller'and Matilda Tufoeson, both of San
Francisco. .
GARDELIUS— OLSON— In this city, June 15,
1901, by the Rev. A. J. Rodell, Conrad R.
Gardelius and Hilda Olson, both of San
Francisco. - , ¦ • / ¦
HOLLENBEAK— RYAN— In this city. June 21.
1901, by the Rev. George Guth, Harry M.
Hollenbeak of San Francisco and Jessie A.
Ryan of Stockton, Cal.
JOHNSON— ANDERSON— In this city, June 22,
1901, by the Rev. A. J. Rodell, Carl E. John-
son and Charlotta Anderson, both of San
. Francisco. » : . •
JOHNSON— ANDERSON— In this city, June 22,
1901, by the Rev. A. J. Rodell, John Johnson
and Julia Anderson, both of San Francisco.
NELSON— OLSON— In this city. June 22, 1901,
5 by the Rev. A. J. Rodell, Albert Nelson and
Anna Olson, both of San Francisco. '¦
MARRIED.
PROPOSALS.
ADVERTISEMENT— Office of the Chief En-
gineer. Division of the Philippines. Manila.
P. I., March 1, 1901 — Sealed proposals for
constructing a harbor at Manila, P. I., will
¦ be received at this office until 11 o'clock a.
m., August 1, 1901, and then publicly opened.
Work to be done includes abcut 150,000 cubic
yards riprap, 21.000 cubic yards concrete and
. rubble masonry in breakwaters, about 5.000,-
\ 000 cubic yards of dredging and a pile bulk-
head 4700 feet long. Dredging in mud, Band
and shells to a depth of thirty feet. Dredged
materials to be used, for reclaiming land.
Bids must be accompanied by a bond of one
hundred thousand dollars ($100,000) In gold.
One contract will be made for the whole
work. Contractor's bond will be 10 per cent
of the amount bid. The right ls reserved to
reject any or all bids. For specifications and
blank forms apply to this office. Bureau of
Insular Affairs, 'Washington, D. C. ; United
States Engineer Offices at New York, Chi-
cago- and San Francisco. JOHN BIDDLE,
Captain, Engineers. ¦ .'
|.r-.' ; .;* 1 «cAVO'V;.;dt;:co:'.''.Y. ! , ; t
I FUNERAL' DIRECTORS*; EMBALMEitS. I
¦ •¦¦¦) 1239. Market, St.Ti between Sth« and 8th.-- ; I
| ' " ¦'¦¦ -.•,,' Telephone -'Souths 247. '. ': ¦ ' : ¦ j
I Eugene- McGinn. ' . , . i McGINN BROS,
Funeral Directors and Embalmers, I ' I
' \ :¦¦.. •;...; 31. EDDY. STREET. \ <.;y..
Telephone South • 252. •¦ San . Francisco.
; • No Connection "With Any' Other House.'-
(Euccessor-to Flannagan & Gallagher.)
,¦•¦¦./.• DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mgr. ¦
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND . EMBALMERS.
•-• -20 Fifth St.. opposite -Lincoln School. . :
;'-¦': r ¦ ¦..' \, Telephone South . 80. . . ' ., •;,;¦'.¦ >.
HENRY. J. GALLAGHER CO.
The following marriage licenses were issued
yesterday:
John M. Quigley, S3, city, and Evelyn F.
Haubrich. 28, city.
¦William A. Plunkett, 24, city, and Catherine
Danskln.23. city/ i
Theodore H. Jacobs, 24, Marysvllle, and Belle
Goldman, 23, 1200 Kentucky street.
Harry Bernheim. 30. ¦ Napa. and Susie Rlt-
tigstein, 19. 2S3 Fourth street. . - . ' . . . ;
Claude C. ! Long. 19, Zaxnora, and Claire L.
Owens, 19, 931B Shotwell street. •
Frederick H.' Wunderlich, 21, 724 Eddy street,
and Mary A. Cunningham. 21. 736 Bush street.
James P. Lyons, 22. 226 Clara street, and
Kitty O'Neill, 19," 469 Stevenson street.
Carl E. Persson. 25. 340 Duncan street, and
Anna M. Osterberg. 23, 2221 Washington street.
Otto Laist, 30. 805% Howard street, and Ma-
tilda' C. Otto, 28, 2993 Howard street. ! :
Thomas J. Mulllns, .44. 716 Stockton street,
and Mamie E. Collopy, 29, 1237 Fois am street.
- Carl P. BorsresoD, 36. 274 Minna street, . and
Apnes V. Nelson, ,25, 3005 Harrison street. "'
Giovanni Passalaqua, 34. 423 Bay street, and
Carry {Debettondl; 34, 423 Bay street.'.
Alberto Rossi, 23, 3240 Mission street, j and
Victoria' HaKgr, , 22, 3240 Mission street.'
i.: James P." King, 22, city, and : Lyda M. Hew-
locke, 18, city. ¦ ¦ > ¦ ; ' H~ a*ftjg5sS
Pftllew L. '. Ennor, 36. 2662 Mission street,' and
Elizabeth SchuTe.K 22, 2662 Mission street.; T , ! >;
" - Louis Musladine. 45. ' 1647 Devisadero street,
and. Angelina. -Castrono, ; 43. 1647 Devisadero
street.~^g^eKgSf^tS^lf<Bf^3ifi^^e^O^^^f'*i
, William Harrower, 27, 3340 Ninet*«;rlh street,
and Jennie W.Roberts,' 27, city.' >v
MAURI AGE IilCENSES.
SEALED proposals will, be received at the
office of the Lighthouse Engineer, San Fran-
cisco. Cal., until 12 o'clock m. Monday, July
22. 1901. and then opened, for furnishing mis-
cellaneous ¦ articles, comprising hardware, en-
gineers' supplies,, lumber and paint. In ac-
cordance with specifications, copies of which,
with blank proposals and other information,
may b9 had upon application to Major Chas.
E. L. B. Davis, Corps of Engineers, U. S. A.,
Engineer. '- - ¦ ¦
PROPOSALS will be received at the Bureau
of Supplies and Accounts, Navy Department,
Washington, D. ' C, until 12 , o'clock no.on,
July 9, 1901, and publicly opened Immediate-
ly thereafter, to furnish at the Naval Sta-
tion, Cavite, P. I., a quantity of lumber,
spars, mahogany, lignum vitae, and boat
knees. Blank . proposals will be furnished
upon application to the bureau, to the Navy
Pay, Office, San Francisco, Cal., or to the
Naval ' Station, Puget Sound, Wash. AS.
KENNY, Paymaster General, U. S. N. 6-5-01
THE GERMAN SAVINGS AND LOAN SO-
ciety. E2S California st. — For the half year
ending with June 30, 1901, a dividend has
been declared at the rate of three and one-
eighth (3%) per cent per annum on all de-
posits, free of taxes, payable on and after
Monday, July 1. 190L
._ GEORGE TOURNY, Secretary.
HUMBOLDT Savings and Loan Society, 18
Geary st.— The directors have declared a div-
idend of SVi per cent per annum on its depos-
its, payable on and after July 1. 1901.
ERNEST BRAND. Secretary.
SAN FRANCISCO SAVINGS UNION, 632 Cali-
fornia Et.. corner Webb— For the half year
ending with the 20th of June 1901, a divi-
dend has been declared at the rate per annum
of three and six-tenths (3 6-10) per cent on
term deposits and three (3) per cent on or-
dinary deposits, free of taxes, payable on
and after Monday. July 1. 1901.
LOVELL WHITE, Cashier.
DIVIDEND notice— Mutual Savings Bank of
San Francisco. 33 Post St.— For the half year
ending June 30th, 1901. a dividend has been
declared at the rate of three (3) per cent per
annum on all deposits, free of taxes, payable
on and after MONDAY. July 1st, 1901.
GEORGE A. STORY. Cashier.
DIVIDEND NOTICE— California Safe Deposit
and Trust Company, corner California and
Montgomery sts.; for the six months ending
June 30, 1901. dividends have been declared
on deposits in the savings department of this
company as follows: On term deposits at
the rate of 3 6-10 per cent per annum, and on
ordinary deposits at the rate of 3 per cent
per annum, free of taxes, and payable on
and after Monday, July 1. 1901. Dividends
uncalled for are added to the principal and
bear the same rate of dividend as the prin-
cipal from and after July 1, 1901. J. DAL-
ZELL BROWN. Manager.
SAVINGS and Loan Society, 101 Montgomery
St., corner of Sutter— The board of directors
declared a dividend for the term ending June
t 30. 1901. at the rate of three and one-eighth
(3%). per cent per annum on all deposits, free
of taxes and payable on and after July 1, 1901.
Dividends not called for are added to, and
bear the same rate o.f dividend as, the prln-
, clpal, from and after July 1, 190L CYRUS
W. CARMANY. Cashier.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
HARTFORD typewriters; new, $60; anti-trust;
all makes; used machines, $10 up. 209Sanaome.
RENT a new Franklin typewriter for $1 week
and have your work In eight: CUTTER
TOWER CO., 302 Montgomery: tel. Black 4885.
TYPEWRITERS AND SUPPLIES.
GREAT BARGA7NTTfT?rTPEWRiraR^S^We
sell better machines for less money than any
house in the city; rentals, $3. The Typewriter
Exchange, E3S California; telephone Main 266.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2320 Fillmore st.: phone Jackson 281.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
• \ - Steamers leave Broadway
Wfc. Wharf. San Francisco: • -
HgSjj^^ For Alaskan porta^ — 11 a. m..
li^jiSSV. June 25. 30, July 5. Change to
E^HxJwX^EH company's steamers at Seattle.
I^X f£*4V&V^ For Victoria. Vancouver (B.
I BSaHsSjBll c - ) - Port Townsend, Seattle.
{ JErea—Zfr'fSal Tacoma. Everett, Anacortes
i/t^^M5_SU and New Whatcom (Wash.)—
~«Ea3s 11 a. m., June 23. 30. July 5.
and every fifth day thereafter.
Change at Seattle for this company's steamers
for Alaska and G. N. Ry. ; at Seattle or Ta-
coma for N. P. Ry. ; at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka and Humboldt Bay-«-l:30 p. m..
June 26. July 1. 6. 11. 15. 20, 23. 30. August 4.
For San Diego, stopping only at Santa Bar-
'bara. Port Los Angele3 and Redondo (Los An-
geles)— Steamer Queen. Wednesdays. 9 a. m. ;
Steamer Santa Rosa. Sunday?. 9 a. ra.
For Los Angeles, calling at Santa Cruz. Mon-
terey. San Simeon. Cayucos. Port Harford fSan.
Luis Obispo). Gaviota. Santa Barbara. Ven-
tura, Hueneme. San Pedro. East San Pedro,
•Newport (*Corona only) — Steamer Corona. Sat-
urdays, 9 a. m. ; Steamer Bonita, Tuesdays, 9
a. m.
For Ensenada. Macdalena Bay. San Jose del
Cabo, Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz. Santa Rosa-
lia and Guaymas (Mex.)— 10 a. m., 7th each
month.
For further Information obtain company's
folders.
The company reserves th? right to changs
steamers, sailing dates and hours of sailing
without previous nntire.
TICK1BT OFFICE— 4 New Montgomery
street fPalace Hotel).
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agents.
10 Market St.. San Francisco.
G a R. & /y. CO,
Only Steamship Iiino to
PORTLAND, Op.,
And Short Rail Line from Portland to all
. pclnts East. Through tickets to all
points. »H mi 1 "f* aten— shio j»tH rail, ai
IiOWEST HAM_S.
STEAMER TICKETS INCLUDE BSETH and ME1L3.
SS. COLUMBIA ,
Sails July 2. 12. 22, August 1. 11. 21
SS. GEO. W. ELDER
...Sails June 27, July 7. 17. 27. August 8. 18
P.W.HITCHCOCK. Oen.Agt..l Montgom'y.S.F.
AMERICAN LINE.
UEW T0?-K. SOUTH ' MPT0N. WDOH. PASISL
- Stopping at Cherbourg-, westbound.
From New York Kverr Wednesday, 10 a. m.
St. Paul July If 't. Louis August 14
St. Louis July r> Philadelphia. .August 21
St. Paul August 7[St. Paul August 23
RED STAR LINE.
New York and Antwerp.
From New York Every Wednesday. 13 noon
Kensington .....July 3 Pennland July 2*
•Zeeland July 10 Southwark ......July 3t
Frfesland July 17 "Vaderland ..August 1
?Stop at Cherbourg, eastbound.
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO..
CHAS. D. TAYLOR.
General Agent Pacific Coast. 30 Montgomery st.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, at 1 p. m.
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hiogo).- Nagasaki and Shanghai and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for
India, etc. Xo cargo received on board on
day of sailing.
SS. NIPPON MARL*... Wednesday, July 17, 1301
SS. AMERICA MARU.... Saturday, Aug. 10. 1901
SS. HONGKONG MARU
Wednesday. September 4, 1901
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and gassage apply at company's office.
421 Market street, corner First.
TV. H. AVERY, General Agent.
SS. AUSTRALIA, for Tahiti
Wednesday, June 26, 10 a. m.
SS. ZEALANDIA (Honolulu only)
Monday. July t 10 a. m.
SS. SIERRA (via Honolulu), for Samoa.
New Zealand and Australia '......
1 .....I.Thursday, July 11, 10 a. m.
J. D.SPRECKELS k BROS. C3., Genera! Apits. 227 Harks* St
deal Passangsr Office, 6i3 Markat St, Pier la. 7. Pacifc St
COMPAQNIS GENERALS TKAN3ATLAJTTirUS
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. _»^mL.
Sailing every Thursday, instead of 4oil_3>
Saturday, at 10 a. m.. from pier 42, •¦-«—?•«
North River, foot of Morton street; La Cham-
pagne, July 4; La Gascogne, July 11; *La Nor-
mandie, July 18; La Bretagne, July 23.
First class to Havre. $70 and upward. Second
class to Havre. $43 and upward. GENERAL
AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES and CAN-
ADA. 32 Broadway (Hudson building). New
York. J. F. FUGAZI & CO.. Pacific Coast
Agents. 5 Montgomery a\ - enue. San Francisco.
Tickets sold by all Railroad Ticket Agents.
•Twin Screw Express Steamers.
PACIFIC STEAM NAVIGATION CO.
And CIA SUD AMEKICA.SA DE VAPORES
To Valparaiso. ' stopping at I Mexican, Central
and South American ports. Sailing from How-
ard-street wharf No. 3. 12 m.
TUCAPEL July 6 1 ACONCAGUA? ..July 23
AP.EQUIPA ....July 101 PERU tAujust 7
These steamers are built expressly for Cen-
tral and - South American passenger service.
(No change at Acapulco or Panama.) Freight
and ¦ passenger office. 316 California street.
1 BALFOUR. GUTHRIE & CO.. Gen. Agents.
¦PANAMA. R.'™^
TO NEW YORK VIA PANAMA DIRECT.
Cabin. ?1C5; Steerage. $40.
S. S. Argyll sails Frl lay. Jons 23
S. S. Lrelanaw sails Mondiy, July IS
S. S. Argyll soiU M-vvHt. Au£. 12
From Sea Wall (Section 1) at ! p. m.
Freight and passenger office. 330 Market st
F. F. CONNOR. Pacific Coast Agent.
BAY AND RIVER STEAMERS.
FoiirriiAW^
' Steamers GEN. FRISBIE or MONTI^ELLO;
9:45 a. m.. 3:15 and 8:30 p. m., except Sun-
day. Sunday. 9:45 a. m.. 8:30 p. m. Leave*
Vallejo 7 a. m.. 13:30 noon. 6 p. m.. «except
Sunday. Sunday, .7 a.m.. 4:15 cm. Fare 30
cents. Telephone Main 1308. Landing and of-
fice, pier 2, MUs Ion -st. dock. HATCH BROS.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
PERSONALS. -» ;
CALIFORNIA AERIAL NAVIGATION CO..
successors to Stanley Aerial Navigation Co..
v? now building Its great ship of the air at
»rs shipyard, corner of Fell and Baker sts.:
a limited number of shares for a. limited time
if no« being offered to the public at $2 per
share at its office. 306 Pine St.. room 3; call
for particulars.
A— IF your hair is falling or you are bald, call
on DR. G. S. MOORE. 4SS Geary St.. and you
will not be disappointed: this rtmedy ls posi-
tively guaranteed: preparation sent to all
parts of the world: call or send for circular.
ELECTRIC lipht in every room — Winchester
hotel. 44 Third Et.. near Market: 700 rooms;
SPc to Jl EO t>er r.lght; SI E0 to $6 per week;
in* 'bus and bagnage to ana from the ferry.
¦
11 WEEKLY— Suits to order from genuine
Ecotch. J15 up; fine dre6i« FUits, $20 up: ele-
rant overcoats 115 up. LEON LEMOS, 1117
Market st_. between Seventh and Eighth.
A GERMAN (3?) wishes to meet a lady, with
. or without means; object, matrimony. Ad-
dress. with full particulars. Box S549. Call.
WHITE enamel iron beds, single, three-quarter
or double. R 25. EASTERN OUTFITTING
CO.. 1210-1312 Stockton St.. near Broadway.
ALFREDtTMS Egyptian Henna; restores gray
hair to lt« natural color; Jl; at all druggists.
POISON oak cured in one application or no pay;
satisfaction guaranteed. 469 Hayes st.
PUPERFLUOtrs hair and moles destroyed with
electric needle. MISS EA/TON. 1119 Sntter st.
Ladles' end pents' cart-oft clothing bought and
sold. J. Silver-man. 984 Folsom :tel.Folsom 1191.
TAILOR made suits. ?7 50; dress pants. $2 50.
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
Dr. Harriet Welch. 2115 Bush: hours 2 to 3. ex-
cept Th. and Sat.: e lectrolyeis; 17 years' exper.
OLD pold, ellver, diamonds and precious stones
bought. J. R. JENKEL. S17 Market st.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mkt.
DR. LAMOTTE'S French Corn Paint, the best
«irn cu—: ?Sc: all druggists.
¦^ —^ »»^»
HEAL ESTATE: CITY FOR SAL.—.
BA_Dw5f~& HOWEI_r
. X0 Montgomery Street.
MISSION INVESTMENTS.
$8,250— Capp Bt., corner;. two 2-story buildings.
consisting of store and three flats; rents
J69 60; lot 25x100.
$6,000— Church et., corner; Etore and rooms;
tenement above; also house of 7 rooms,
with stable; rents $50; lot 49:3xS0l •
K, 600— Church Bt.. corner; Etore and 2 rooms;
flat above of 5 rooms and bath; rentB
$30; lot 31:6x110.
$4,500— Castro Et.. near ISth; store, with 4
rooms, bath, and flat above, 6 rooms
and bath; rents $32; lot 25x125.
$1,750— Church st, near 26th; store and flat of
6 rooms; lot 2SxS0.
Church bC, corner, near 26th; stores,
cottage and flats; rents $78 60; lot 61:6x
100.
$2.000— Church Et.. near 26th: 2 tenements of
4 rooms each; rents $18.
$2,500— Church st., northwest corner; hay barn
and coal yard; lot 28:6x80.
$3,750— Cumberland Bt., corner of Dolores; two
fiats of 6 and 6 rooms and bath each;
rents $36; lot 25xS9.
$5,400— Cumberland st., between Guerrero, Do-
lores, ISth and 20th; three bay-window
Sate. 5, 6 and 6 rooms and bath each;
rents $51.
".100— 13th 6t., near Market; two flats; rents
$25; lot 25x100.
i5. 500— Guerrero et.. near 14th, two flats of
5 and 6 rooms ai.d bath each; rents
$3«; lot 25x108.
$2,500— Harrison Et., near ISth: double front-
age; two houses; large lot; rents $35.
$7,OC0— Howard Et.. near 16th; two modern bay-
window flats; also rear cottage; lot
25x100; rents $600 per year.
112,500— Howard Bt., corner; three-story building
containing store and two flats; rents
$90: lot _x75.
*4,750— Ho~ard St., near 13th; three flat* of S
and 6 rooms and bath each; also rear
. house; rents $45; lot 27:6x114.
$2.750— Mariposa Bt., southeast corner Florida;
store, with 3 rooms and 6-room flat
above; rents $26; lot 20:8x75.
J3,200 — Mission Et., near 26th; store below, fl«t
above; rents $20; lot 25x68.
$2,700— Natoma Et.. near 14th; two flats 4
rooms each; rent $23; lot 30x75.
$5,500— Xineteenth St.. near Guerrero; t flats
of e and 6 rooms and b&th each; rents
$52; lot 23x100.
$8,000— Nineteenth st-, near Mission; two
buildir.ps: three-stcry residence and 2
fiats: rents $55: lot 56x60.
$5.500 — San Jose ave. or Guerrero -Bt., sub-
stantial Improvements; two stores with
basements; 2 flats above of 6 rooms and
bath each; rents $54; lot 37x90.
$3,C00 — San Jose ave.. corner; store and four
rooms, and fiat of 6 rooms and bath
above: rents $24; lot 20x77. . . . - ¦ .
$S,250— Seventeenth Et., corner; store and flat
above; 5 rooms and bath; also two flats
of 4 rooms and bath; rents $74; lot
20x100.
BALDWIN _ HO"" ELL.
10 Montgomery Et.
SPECIAL.
tS>0 to 5500— Within easy walking distance of
Union Iron Works; building lots and busi-
ness corners: for sale on terms of $50 cash
down, balance in monthly payments of $10;
interest 6 per cent; Kansas St., between ISth.
19th and 20th ets., and 19th et., Rhode Island
and De Haro Ets. These are the cheapest lots
now In the market and are offered on terms .
that are within the reach of all. Buy a lot
and build yourself a home; Immediate pos- j
session given purchasers upon the payment i
of $50. If you have a few hundred dollars,
' you can build your house and occupy lt and
pay the monthly Installment on the lot.
ALSO
I-'EW FLATS. BIO SACRIFICE.
SPLENDID INCOME
ONLY SL500 CASH NEEDED
Three elegant corner eunny flats of 6 and 6
rooms and bath each; extra wide frontage;
eun in every room; natural wood mantels;
porcelain tubs; nickel-plated plumbing; . con-
veniently laid out.
J4300 mortgage at 6 per cent can remain;
rents $64 per month; price $6000; pays 2 per
cent net per month; convenient to Mission,
Twenty-second and Castro st. cars.
Aoply for particulars at once to
BALDWIN & HOWELL.
10 Montgomery st.
BUNEET DISTRICT—
Splendid level building lots on easy terms;
K. I. J. K sts.. Seventh to Twelfth aves.;
building up fast: also our
SPLENDID OFFERING.
SEE THEM TO-DAY.
Building lots on H et. and Nineteenth ave.
boulevard, fronting- Golden Gate Park.
Prices moderate Terms easy..
Lots level Streets macadamized
Official grade Plank sidewalks
Welsbach gas lamps Water and mail service
On car line On Park entrance
Better class of new homes
Branch office at the corner
of H Et. and Ninth ave., south of Golden Gate
Park; open every day. Sundays and holidays.
BALDWIN & HOWELL.
10 Montgomery et.
EAETON. ELDRIDGE & CO., '
£38 MARKET STREET.
A BIG BARGAIN— On 19th St., near Mission;
two eubrtantl&l houses of 8 rooms each; on the
•unny Eide of street; pays $504 per annum or
»ood interest on $5000; we can eell this property
for $4000.
-
REDUCED TO $3750— Those modern flats of 4
•nd & rooms. In the Mission Warm Belt, on
Guerrero et.. must be eold; rents for $408 per
annum; mortgage $3100. ... .'
MISSION HOME— Murt be sold to close an
estate; nice cottage, 4 rooms, bath and base-
ment; on Church Et., near 28th; lot 25x114; price
tl700.
A GILT-EDGE DOWNTOWN INVESTMENT
on Post et., near Taylor— Good Improvements; 2
ttores and 2 flats; lot 28x70; pays $l_0 per an-
num; price $20,000.
SOUTH OF MARKET ST. INVESTMENT— 4
flats of 5 and 3 rooms; north side of street, near
6econd et.: rents $40 per month; lot 25x80; re-
duced to $3500.
MISSION BARGAIN— A grand lot, 42x137 ft.,
near ISth and Guorrero sts.; improvements,
bouse or 9 rooms and cottace of 4 rooms on
tear of lot; room on front of lot for 4 flats;
present rent $336 per annum; price $3500.
WESTERN ADDITION FLATS— Three hand-
some, well-built flats of 7. 7 and 6 rooms and
bath, near Park Panhandle; always rented;
pe.ye $1(60 per annum; recently reduced from
$12,000; lot 25x100; price $8500.
DOWNTOWN INVESTMENT— House. 21
rooms, on the north side of Minna . St., near
Third; this property will be required by. the
owners of frontage on Mission st. ; pays $600
per annum; price $€250. .
A CHEAP HOME— Cottage. 5 room*, on Cook
r.t.. near Point Lobos ave.: 37:6 feet; price $1150;
v*>ry best terms if required.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO.; ' '
628 Market eU
FOR sale — New cottage, 4 rooms, bath, large
basement, near Union Et. 3022 Pierce st. .
$1*. 500— GOOD buMness property, well rented;
27 rooms, with stores. Owner. Box 2M1. Call.
CTFriends and acquaintances are' respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Friday,
June 28, 1901, at 8:30 o'clock, from htr latn
residence, , 163 Silver street, thence to, St.
• Rose's Church, where a requiem high mass
'will be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
commencing at 9 o'clock. 'Interment Holy
Cress Cemetery. . • '•".-•
REILLY— In this city,- June 23, 1901. Sophia.'
beloved wife of James J., Rellly, and mother
of Sophia Mabee, Green and Valdub Rellly.
a native of i Canada, aged 57 years 2 months
and 18 days. ••¦¦•;.¦ ¦ • ¦ : • . -
"|C~Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), from his late residence, Lath-
am street, thence to St. Raphael's Church,
where a requiem mass will be celebrated for
the repose of his soul at 10 o'clock. .
McCONALOGUE— In this city, June 24, 1901,
Philip, beloved husband of Maggie McCona-
logue, father of Rosie and Willie McCona-
lofjue, brother I ot James McConalogue,
and- brother-in-law of' Thomas and
Michael Kindergan, a native of Londonderry,
Ireland, aged 44 years. A member of Court
Southern Heights No. 1150; Independent Order
' of Foresters.
ICTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 8:30 o'clock,, from the parlors
of James McMenomey & Son, 1057 Mission
street, thence to St. Joseph's Church, where
a requiem high ma^s will be celebrated for
the repose of his ,soul, 'commencing: at 9
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
MARKEL— In the City, and County Hospital.
June 25, 1901, Gottfried Markel, a native of
Germany, aged 47 years.
MORSE— In Yountville, Cal., June 25, 1901, At-
wood. husband of the late EvalynG. Morse,
and father of Wallace A. , ¦ William K. and
M. S. Morse, a native of North Anson, Me.,
aged 72 years 10 months and 15<dayB.-
RYAN— A solemn requiem high mass will be
celebrated for the repose of i the soul of the
late James J.; Ryan, . who died' at Beresford
June 13. ; at St. Rose's Church. • Brannan
. street, near Fourth, this day (Wednesday),
commencing at 9 o'clock. ' Friends and ac-
quaintances are invited to attend.
RILEY— In this city, June 25, 1901, Rose Rlley,
' relict of Edward Riley, beloved mother of
James Riley, Mrs. D. W. McDonough, Mrs.
A. Ray, Mrs. F. F. Haro and Mrs. H. J.
Verhollen, a native of County Meath, Ire-
land,- aged 73 years. ; (Calaveras papers please
copy.) • '.: ¦ . ' ' : ..
IT~Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 9:15 o'clock, from the family
residence, 2641 Howard street, thence to St.
Charles Borromeo's Church, where a solemn
requiem high mass will be celebrated for the
repose of her soul, commencing at 10 o'clock.
HARLOW— In this city, June 25. 1901, Annie
E., beloved wife of Josiah C. Harlow, a na-
tive of San Francisco. •
HOLLIS— In this city, June 24, 1901, George C.
Hollis, beloved son of Mrs. S. \C. Moore,
grandson of George C. Thompson, and broth-
er of Joseph A. and William H. Hollis and
Cella L. Moore, aged 30 years 11 months, and
24 days. . > . .
ICT Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence
of his grandfather, George C. Thompson, 800
Filbert street. . Interment private."
KELLY— In San Rafael, Patrick, beloved hus-
band of Mary Kelly, a native of Ireland,
aged 55 years and 5 months.
HIESTER— In- this city, June 24, 1901, Lily,
beloved daughter of Honora and the late
Amos C. Hlester. ., . .
ICTThe funeral will take place to-morrow
(Thursday), at 10 o'clock, from . her late
residence, 1926 Howard street, between Fif-
teenth and Sixteenth. Interment strictly pri-
vate, Mount Olivet Cemetery.
GALLIGAN— In this city, June 25, 1901, James
Galligan, a native of Ireland, aged 72 years.
. c?"Notice of funeral hereafter. Remains
at the parlors of J. C. O'Connor & Co., 767
ICFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
to-morrow (Thursday), at 11 o'clock, at St.
I Francis de Sales Church, Oakland, where a
solemn requiem high mati will be celebrated
for the repose of her soul. Interment private.
FEE— In St. Helena, Cal., June 24, 1901. Alfred
Whitney Fee, beloved husband of Louisa M.
• Fee, a native of Ohio, aged 38 years.
FLATELY— In this city, June 25, 1901, William
Edward, beloved son of Bridget and the late
William Flately, and beloved brother of
Joseph, Mary, Thomas, Elizabeth and Loret-
to Flately, aged 2 years 1 month and 10 days.
(New York, Chicago and Pennsylvania pa-
pers please copy.)
GERCKE— In this city, June 24, 1901, Amelia,
beloved wife of the late Charles "William
Gercke, and mother of Mrs. C. ' H. Ran-
dall, a native of Flensburg. Germany, aged
68 years 2 months and 11 days.
IT~Interment Martinez to-morrow (Thurs-
day). June 27. Martinez local, 10:40 a. m.
BAWER— In the City and County Hcspital,
June 25, 1901, John Bawer, a native of Ire-
land, aged 75 years.
COLEMAN— In " this city, June 22, 1901, John
H. Coleman, a native of Ireland, aged 65
years. - •
ETTrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 9 o'clock, from the parlors
of Halated & Co., 946 Mission street, thence
to St. Mary's Cathedral, where a solemn
high mass will be celebrated, commencing at
9:30 o'clock.
COLTON— In this city. June 24, 1901, Mrs.
Submit Colton. widow of the late F. D.
Colton, and dearly beloved mother of A. O.
Colton and Frank L. Colton, a native of
Vermont, aged 67 years and 2 months.
i C~Friend8 and acquaintances are respect-
fully . invited to attend the funeral at the
First Baptist Church, Eddy street, between
Jones and Leavenworth, this day (Wednes-
day), at the hour of 2:15 o'clock. Interment
at Petaluma. '- • •
DUNSMUIR— In San Leandro, June 22, 1901.
Josephine Dunsmuir. widow of the late
Alexander Dunsmuir, a native of New York.
GONE BUT NOT . FORGOTTEN.
Dearest father, you have left us,
And your loss we deeply feel.
But the one that took you from us
He can all our sorrows heal.
HIS CHILDREN.
K7Friends and acauaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 9 o'clock, from his late
residence, 3326 Twenty-nfth street, thence to
St. Peter's Cnurch, where a requiem high
mass will be celebrated . for the repose of
his soul at 9:30 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
BAILEY— In Pinole, Contra Costa County,
June 23, 1901, Robert A. Bailey, beloved hus-
band of Miranda Bailey, and father of Mrs.
S. E. Mackay, Mrs. A. R. Headburg and R.
N. Bailey, a native of . Ohio, . aged 65 years.
BRENNAN— In this city, June 23, 1901, Mich-
ael T.. beloved husband of the late. Joanna
Brennan, and ' father of William and Em-
met Brennan, Mrs. Thomas E. Crlrran and
the late John T. Brennan and Mrs. Mary E.
. Schlam, a native of Ireland, aged 68 years.
Brennan, Michael T. McConalogue, Philip
Bailey, Robert A. Markel, Gottfried
Bawer, John . Morse, Atwood
Coleman, John H. Ryan, James J.
Colton, Mrs. Submit Riley, Rose . >
Dunsmuir, Josephine Reilly, Sophia
Fee, Alfred Whitney Reilly, James J.
Flately, William E. . Spielman, Antone
. Gercke, Amelia ' ; Stein, Henry J.
Galligan, James Sullivan, Mary Ann
Hlester, Lily Tenbrook, 1 Percy W.
Harlow, ' Annie E. Wilcox, Joseph R. .
Hollis, George C. Weed, Merritt H.
Kelly, Patrick -Warner, Charles
DIED.
REILLY— In this city, June 23, 1901, James. J.
Reilly, . beloved v father •¦ of Sophia * Mabee,
Green and .-. Valdub Reilly, a native of New
York, aged 63 years and 6 months. A mem-
ber ctfcMeade Post, G. A. R., and Mount
¦' Tamalpais Grove, -U. A. O. D. • • • ,"
SPIELMAN— In • Oakland, June 24, 1901. An-
tone, beloved husband of Anna Spielman,
• and father of ! Henry Spielman, a native of
. Bavaria, aged 80 years and 11 months. \
. (CTFriends and acauaintances are respect-
. fully invited to ¦ attend . the funeral • services
this day (Wednesday), at 10:30 o'clock, at his
• late residence,' • 1170 Nineteenth street, be-
; tween' Adeline and Macnolia ¦streets, ' Oak-
land. '"; Cremation at Odd Fellows' Cemetery,
¦ San Francisco. ;
STEIN— In West Berkeley, June 24. 1901. Henry
J. Stein, beloved - husband of . the late Cath-
arine Stein, and father of Mrs. C.'Hoff, Mrs.
V T. A. Peckham, Henry C. Stein and the late
¦ Mrs. A. . L. Byler, j a. native of Herfort, Ger-
many, tyjed 70 years 7 months and 22 days.
IE~Friends and . acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at '2 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors of H. F. Maass, 917 Mission street-
Interment I; O. O: F. Cemetery. . .-.•
SULLIVAN— In this city, June 24, 1901. Mary
, Ann, beloved wife of Bartholomew Sullivan
(nee Canty), a native of the parish of. Des-
ert, County Cork, Ireland. ' -
[E^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
. fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 8:30. o'clock, from her late
residence, 5 Adair street, off Howard, be-
tween Fifteenth and Sixteenth, thence to St.
Charles Borromeo's Church, where a solemn
requiem high mass will be celebrated for the
¦repose of her soul, commencing at 9 o'clock.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery. .
TENBROOK— In this city. June 25. 1901. Percy
W; Tenbrook, Ijeloved son of George H. and
Emma M. ' Tenbrook. a native of California,
aged 16 years 10 months .and 20 days.
$y Remains at -the funeral parlors of
Charles H. J.'.. Traman & Co., 318 Mason
street. : between O'Farrell and Geary.
WILCOX— In this city, June 24. 1901, after a
long illness, Joseph R. Wilcox, beloved
brother of John W. Wilcox, a native of Ken-
tucky, aged v,75 years and 1 month. (Mari-
posa, Cal., 5 and Frankfort, Ky., papers please
copy.) ' •
C~Funeral this day . (Wednesday), at 2
o'clock, from his late residence, 2337 Mis-
sion street, thence to Odd Fellows' Cemetery
t for cremation. Please emit flowers.
WEED— In this city, June 24, 1901, at his resi-
dence, 1017 Sacramento street, Merrltt H.
Weed, a native of Pennsylvania, aged 52
¦years. ¦ \-' _ : .
IE?" Funeral private.
WARNER— In the City and County Hospital.
June 25. -1901, Charles Warner, a native of
New York, aged 41 years. -
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
. Birth, marriage and death notices sent . by
mail will not be inserted. They must be handed
in at . either of the publication offices and I be
indorsed • with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
¦ -\ ;. y '¦ ¦ - . BORN. • ' ; v \: :
GREEN— In this city, June 25, 1901, to the. wife
. ¦ of James Kscudero Green, a son.
GOLDKUHL— In this city, June 10, 1901, to the
wife of William J. C. Goldkuhl, a daughter.
NICHOLS— In: this city, June' 20. 190L: to the
¦wife of Frank Nichols, a daughter.
POLK, 1539— Largest, ¦ Bunnlest room for the
. money in the city; private. "¦.. " ¦ \
OXFORD, 271 O'Farrell— Furnished, front suite
and single rooms, $3 week up; transient.
O'FARRELL. 20— Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator: elec. lights; day, week, mo.
TURK. 126— Furnished room, suitable for a
gentleman, $5 per month.
. ROOMS AND BOARD.
AN exceptional table; pleasant rooms; good
¦ service; popular rates. 807 California st.
THE Roanoke, 808 Bush — New house; newly
furnished; suites with bath; perfect Illumina-
tion; private dining apartment; elevator serv-
ice; cars to all parts of city within stone's
throw of door. . . V
PINE, 1222 (old Ralston home) — Elegantly fur-
. nished sunny rooms, en suite and single, with
board. *
THE Crocker, 915 Leavenwo: th— Fine sunny
rooms, single and en suite; beautiful grounds.
THE HEATH, 312 Eddy— Nicely furnished sunny
front rooms, en suite, single; excellent cuisine.
PINE. 1006 (The Victor)— New management;
thoroughly renov.; sunny Bitites. with- board.
HOTEL Repeiier, 781 Sutter— Newly furnished;
' excellent table ; special rates to tourists.
HOTEL Las Palmas, 1820 Market— Suites, 2 or
3 rooms, bath, connecting; board optional.
SUNNY front room, suitable for man and wife,
with board. • 70 Ninth st. .
ROOMS AND BOARD WANTED.
ROOM and board in Catholic family by tem-
perate young man. Box 3536, Call office.
ROOMS WANTED.
THREE to five unfurnished rooms for house-
keeping; upper floor; within lo minutes' walk
Call building; terms. Box 3516. Call.
SPECIAL KOTXCES.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or . country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO., 415* Montgomery St., rooms 9-19, tel. 5580.
DISEASES and ailments of men treated; con-
sultation free. American Dispensary. 514 Pine.
SEWIXG MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, 'exchanged, re-
palred: open eveii.; phone Black 1124. 205 4th.
STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co..
office Post and Powell sts.; tel. Main 5713.
GOLDEN WEST Storage Warehouse. 840 Mls-
Bion St.; tel. Howard 941. F. W. ZEHFUSS.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co.. 722 Mission St.;
tel. Main 1840; shipping at cut rates.
SHERMAN Apartment House. 28 Eighth st..
near Market— Furnished or unfurnished.
SAL—.Detective Ross Whitaker left for Sac
ramento yesterday afternoon with the
necessary papers for. the extradition of
Walter Sailing, charged with forging the
name of W. M. Du Val& Co., -221 Front
street, his former employers, to a: check
for $500 on the Bank of California. After
the papers are signed by Governor Gage,
"Whitaker will proceed to«IChicago. to
bring Sailing back.
To Bring Sailing; Back.
E. A. Nelson, ! an agent, was arrested
yesterday on a warrant charging him with
felony , embezzlement. The complaining
witness is William Haack, saloon keeper,
701;Chenery street, who alleges that he
cashed a demand on the City Treasurer
for $52, which he indorsed and gave to
Nelson to cash at the Treasurer's office.
Since . then - he has not seen Nelson nor
the cash. , -
Embezzled Treasury Demand.
Pence Is Very Reticent.
When questioned after the adjournment
as to the meaning of his remark. Pence
said: • "I do not c.are at this- time to ex
plain the meaning of my statement. I will
•«ay, however, that we purpose . fighting
this matter to the end— yes, until hell
freezes over." "
When Pence made his statement on top
of Mrs. Craven's refusal to answer the
allegation, V that the petitioners are the
only children of the deceased, the attor
neys representing the children- and the
executors of decedent's will looked in
terested and they will expectantly await
either- the forthcoming of a child ¦ with
.Mrs. Craven as its sponsor or an explan
ation by Pence as to the cause which ac
tuated his - suggestive remark and the
stand of his client as stated. .
When the petition for a transfer filed by
Mrs. Craven was 'called for hearing yes
terday morning the majority of attorneys
representing those interested were present
in court. Mrs. Craven was represented
by Lafe and Charles Pence. Charles L».
Fair's interests were in the hands of
Knight & Heggerty and ex-Governor
Budd. Charles S. Wheeler and Reuben H.
Lloyd appeared for Theresa A. Oelrlchs
and Virginia Vanderbilt, and Garret Mc-
Enerney, Robert' Y. Hayne and W. M..
Plerson for the executors.
After a preliminary wrangle between
Charles Pence and Charles J. Heggerty,
Judge Troutt decided to take up the hear
ing of the petition for a transfer prior to
considering the petition of the children
for distribution. Charles Pence then made
a long argument in. support of Mrs. Cra
ven's affidavit that Judge Troutt was
prejudiced against her. .
•""Do, you contend. Governor Budd,"
asked Pence, "that you or Judge Troutt.
or any of . us here who sat through the
ninety days -of the recent trial,- Is com
petent to try without bias the same issues
when presented in another proceeding?"
Counsel Grow Sarcastic.
"I'll admit," said Budd, "that no sane
man who sat in this court during the re
cent trial could ever believe that Mrs.
Craven was the widow of James G. Fair."
"Budd's $100,000 contract prejudices
him." remarked an attorney.
"Well," answered Budd, "you will never
be prejudiced by any money you ever got
or 'ever will get out of this estate.".
This exchange of repartee closed the
morning session.. At the opening of the
afternoon session Lafe Pence argued in
favor of the motion for a transfer and
Charles S. Wheeler closed the argument
for. the opposition.
Judge Troutt held that there had been
no showing made by those who urged the
transfer, "for," said the court, "though I
have decided that Mrs. Craven ls not the
¦widow of the deceased that does not con
stitute or establish .- prejudice ' upon my
part. In my opinion the statute support
ing a transfer on the ground of prejudice
refers to personal prejudice alone,- and
the act of a court in deciding adversely to
the claims of a litigant does not. In my
opinion, show prejudice upon the part of
the court toward the party adversely, af
fected by the- decision. Therefore the mo
tion for a transfer will be denied." ~
.Pence noted an exception to -the ruling
of the court. The hearing then proceeded
upon the petition for distribution. "Charles
S.' Neil, manager of the Fair estate, was
put on the stand to prove the present
status of the properties in his control.
Incidentally he stated that James G. Fair
left no wife or children other than the
petitioners. His testimony will be sup
plemented by that of a few persona hav
ing intimate knowledge of the affairs of
the dead millionaire and the court will
then construe the trust clause of the will
relating to the. personal property of the
estate, for the distribution of which the
children have petitioned. , .
The trustees, under the will, claim;this
personal property is trust property, and
the children claim that the entire trust
clause in the will of their father fell with
the recent decision of the Supreme Court.
This controversy the court will settle.
Another sensation Is brewing in tl'ie Fair
case. under the'guidance of Mrs. Nettie R.
Craven— and her lawyers. An Intimation
of '.what' stay-. be expected In the near fu
ture is * contained in an answer j filed by.
Mrs.' Craven to the petition of Theresa A.
Oelrlchs, .Virginia Vanderbilt arid Charles
L. Fair for distribution to them of the
personal property of- : decedent's estate,
now on hearing before Judge Troutt.
' '-'I have been advised," says Mrs." Craven
in her answer; "that it is nat necessary
for me at this time to answer the allega
tion that Iho^etltlonerp are the only chil
dren of the deceased.''
. This statement at least conveys the im
pression that Mrs. Craven does hot wish
to estop herself of the right to appear In
future as the guardian, if not nearer re
lation, of a child that will claim James
G. Fair as its rather. ' ' ' ' • .
• And jMrs. . Craven's intimation that she
might *attempt to prove that Mrs. Oel
rich:3, Mrs. Vanderbilt and Mr. Fair were
blessed with a brother or sister of half
blood is strengthened . by a remark made
by Charles Pence, one of her attorneys,
during the hearing befo;e JtRTge Troutt
yesterday of Mrs. Craven's petition for a
transfer of * tho • distribution proceedings
to some department of the Superior Court
other than that presided over by Judge
Troutt. -
"We want time in which to prepare our
case," said Perce, "because we purpose
contesting every alelgation . made by the
petitioners in this case.' We purpose con
testing even the allegation made by the
petitioners that they are the only children
of the deceased." ' ,
Attorney Pence Also Lets Fall
. a Remark, but Won't
Mrs. Craven Intimates
That Another Heir Is
¦ • . in Existence.
NEW SENSATION
IN FAIR CASE
TALKS ABOUT CAPTURE
OF INSURGENT LEADER
Mrs. Funston Tells Ho W : Her; Husband Planned
THE 'SAN.FJRANC1SCO CALL,, WEDNESDAY, 'JUNE 26, 1901;
Paul s Paulsen, aged 10 .years, residing
,with his i mother at ,253. Fell' street;- was
Arrested '¦ yesterday ' by J Officer "James; E.
McGovern and booked for a v ; public;Insti
tution. ; Paulsen;; stole (a .bicycle* from', a 1
rack at the entrance to the Public Library
Stole Seven Bicycles.
Beautiful i Picture - Book ) of Yosemitei
Send ten cents . to the Southern Pacific
Passenger Department, 4 - Montgomery
street, ¦ San Francisco. . " . •-.; -"•:•
For full infon ¦ -.tion about t established
routes, high" class, service; via Biggest
Big iUrees,; apply to nearest 'agent 1 or 613
Market street,^ San, Francisco. . " ¦• • -. '¦¦
Resigns to Get Married.
¦, : JMiss ; E. B. ; Wade, assistant teacher In
the Crocker Grammar School, sent in her
.resignation yesterday, to the Board of Ed
ucation, ; and it will | be accepted J at this
morning's meeting. Miss : Wade ; resigns to
embark on the matrimonial sea.
Messrs. Wolfe, Gould and Marsden, a.
committee from the Journeymen Book
binders' Union, petitioned the Supervi
sors' Printing Committee yesterday that
the bidders furnishing books to the city be
required to place the union label on the
covers of the books. The committee de
cided to recommend that the board act
favorably on the petition. • ;¦
Assessor Dodge's petition that the bid ot
Britton & Rey for lithographed forms be
rejected on the -ground that they can be
purchased more cheaply was overruled as
the award was made to the lowest bidder.
¦Union Labsl on City's , Books.
City Engineer Grunsky submitted yes
terday to the Board of Public "Works an
estimate of the cost of constructing a
roadway thirty feet wide along the center
line of Van Ness avenue from Bay street
connecting with the pavement now being
laid on North Point street, between Polk
street and Van Ness avenue. The pro
posed improvement was petitioned for by
the North Central Improvement Associa
tion, Draymen's Association and a-num
ber of taxpayers so that the business por
tion of the city may be connected with
the northwestern section and the Presidio.
The City Engineer finds that the pro
posed roadway would require 10,350 square
feet of paving and 690 feet of redwood
curbing. The estimated cost is $2915, but
if the cobbles that are to be removed from
downtown streets can be utilized and tho
roadway constructed to a temporary
grade the cost will be but $558.
WTLIi CONNECT PRESIDIO
WITH BUSINESS SECTION
City Engineer Estimates Cost of Pro
posed Roadway at Foot of Van
Ness Avenue.
Verus cures piles or $50 reward. All up
to-date druggists sell and guarantee It. •
Unincorporated Societies, of Charitable
• Character May Receive ", Prop- :- ''¦
erty Willed to \ ThemV ; • : f
The Supreme Court • decided ' yesterday
that an unincorporated society .with.char
itable ends In view is entitled, to receive
bequests. The decision was . reached as a
result of the appeal of the Santas Bar
bara Hostorical Society that a bequest of ¦
$2000 made to . the organization by • Henry-
K.-Winchester be turned over to it by the
executors. , • ;-.-,...-....- ¦...¦ 3 :.j ';.. ¦¦»¦
The courts have already established the
law that an unincorporated ¦ society can
not, inherit property, although exceptions
have been made in respect to' charities. V
The .executors of Winchester's will,re
fused to pay the bequest .on: the ground
that the society was unincorporated.- 1 The
Supreme: Court decided*. that .-; although
there had been no incorporation until aft
er the death of the .testator, the: society
.was regularly f organized • and ; its ? evident
object: of dissemination of information to
the public should properly be construed
as charity. Accordingly the moneys will
be paid to the Historical Society. , "
MRS. EDA BLANKART FUN
STON, wife of Brigadier. General
Frederick Funston, U. S. A., was
among the arrivals on the trans
port Logan from Manila, j Mrs. •
Funston's I sister. Miss Lillian Blankart,
was with her. They were greeted^ by their
mother, i Mrs. Otto Blankart, and were
taken" direct from the transport to Oak
land pier on the Government tug r Mc-
Dowell," whence Mrs. Funston went t% her
parents' residence at 1319 .Tenth avenue,
East Oakland, to remain indefinitely. Ill
health occasioned Mrs. Funston's return
from the 1 Philippines, where she had been
with her husband ever since he went back
to the Islands last year ."as a brigadier
general of volunteers. '
The climate was oppressive, and, after
she had seen her daring spouse win .his
promotion to the regular army because of
his capture ot . Agulnaldo. Mrs. Funston
turned homeward in search of the bracing
air of the California Coast.
For a year Mrs. Funston had been, with
her husband at his headquarters in San
Ysidro, 100 miles from Manila, where,
with his forces, the dashing young Kan
san had been meeting remarkable success
In inducing the surrender of insurgent
forces which had been under arms in. his
district. It was during one of his expe
ditions that the documents which gave
the clew to the hiding place of Aguinaldo
In the far away mountains were found on
insurgent officers who had laid down their
arms. • '
Then and there General Funston con
ceived the plan of capture which proved
so successful.- And the brave little Oak
land woman who had sacrificed comfort
and home to be at the front with ,her
lighting husband was the 41rst one to lis
ten to his ambitious project as they sat
together in the quiet of Ysidro's camp.
"And you want to know how the plans
¦were made?" queried Mrs. Funston to-day
at the Blankart residence.
Funston Consults His Wife.
"After the papers were taken General
Funston Immediately began to scheme
upon the possibility of*Agulrialdo's cap
ture. My husband . talked a great deal
with me about his plans,- and he: Im
pressed me with the hazardous features,
but I did not have to be told that. I
realized as weir as he did the risk that
was involved.
"After we had talked many times and
gone all over the situation, he asked me
flatly:
" 'Do you want me to go?'
'"Do you want to go?' I asked, a bit;
evasively, but after all I was willing he*
should make the attempt.' It was a des
perate undertaking, but I had to feel that
I should be only; an encouragement and
not a hindrance to the possible successful
culmination of the.. plans. ¦ _,_
"After it . had • been .wpll-f raraed in ; his
mind. General- Funston. made a trip to'
Manila, He, laid the scheme before his
immediate superior. General Wheaton,
who 'approved it.,' and 'then submitted the
proposition to General MacArthur. After
his permission had been secured, General
Funston returned to Ysidro and then I
went to Manila with him to await the re
sult of the expedition, which -left ; on the
Vicksburg." ,• ' - -. » ...- •
"Was there opposition" to your husband's
undertaking?" was asked. • - "
"Not exactly opposition," replied. Mrs.
Funston, "but some of the military men
thought . the scheme was • impracticable,
not visionary, but hardly likely to pro-
STJPBEME COURT ALLOWS : ;
• CLAIM TO A BEQUEST
r?r d H!3IS?HP rjde' off when the offl
c«; placed- him under arrest. To Desk
Officer Young Paulsen confessed to hav
mo^h!° len ; seven ,; blcycles ¦ durin ? the
; "After we got home an army officer
came up to the house on horseback and
called onjne, saying: 'Have you heard the
news ?<• General Funston has captured
Agruinaldo. , ¦ , ... .• ...
i,«» Y ?f V I rep i£ d ' ' tne & ener al Is here
now. But how did you hear about It?'
_Cm, it s all over Manila,' he answered.
I^was indeed happy. I don't know
whether, to say I felt my -husband would
be successful. Certainly I felt the utmost
confidence in his ability to win, but it was
a dreadfully hard undertaking. But what
made me really happy, was the kindness
or all the army men at Manila. They
were so open-hearted in their congratula-
Jtew 1 ? i l was inde cu one of the most
delightful features of my share in Gen
eral Funston's good fortune.
Veteran Officers Congratulate Him.
."And when the news came of his pro
motion to the regular army, every one
was quick to give. his warmest congratu
,.,".?• and no Persons were more cor
dial than the old regular officers, many
about ready for retirement. It must have
seemed upon some of them to see
a volunteer crowded ahead of them, but
never a: word but the heartiest of poo*
wishes came from, these men, whose
whole _llves had been given to the ser-
* ce ;», X shall always treasure that as one
of the touching and long to be remem
bered elements in the joy I experienced
over General Funston's work."
w r h,,Jv. Uns i on , has no knowledge about
her husband s future ¦ movements. She
?T as L n P expectation of his return to the
united States for some time. ,
«d * t ls •"definite," she explained.
rX, ,T as com P e ll e d to return because
w ? heat > T wnl ch ; is almost unendur
able to me. I shall only hope that he will
e ?£ e *. to come back before many
months have passed." - .
no^I^w 1 unston ; w on his bride when he
iri2!J V v S t a ?- coI °nel- of -the Twentieth
Kansas Volunteers three years ago. Their
courtship was short.- and he sailed away
T?,,i.o? with his regiment. Mrs.
* unston followed a year later and came
¦back.to-tho United States with her hus
band, then a- brigadier general of volun
teers, the honors won in his services
against the insurgents. After the regiment
was mustered : out General Funstcfn and
S^« f w returned t0 the Philippines. She
comes home a' second time to again tell
a story of her intrepid husband's advance
ment, thia.tlme-to a place. that puts him
in line for ultimate command, of the res
ular army of ,th« United States.
.."The morning following I started in to
the city in a carriage to do some shopping.
Half, way along the road, we met a car
riage with my husband driving-home.
We got him,' " was all he said after
our first greetings, and then I turned back
and we went home together.
iU "They had come into the bay at night
that as much secrecy as possible might be
observed about the capture. The army
officers desired to prevent the people from
learning of it until they were ready to
make the. news public. - N '
"General Funston, with his aid, Agui
naldo and some of -his officers, and the
military^ g^iard«f had ¦ at daw,n - taken r a
aunch from the Vlcksburg, going direct
ly to General MacArthur's residence. But.
in spite of the effort to keep the capture
a secret, the news was all around in no
time." .
Meets Her Husband on the Road.
duce results., Still ail those who knew the
mission that my husband had set put upon
were warm In their expressions of hope
that he would succeed.
¦.r" It S a l° n &> weary wait," continued
Mrs. Funston, "after I settled down at
Manila to await my husband's return. I
must confess I felt some misgivings when
the gunboat left the harbor.
'Well, I had rooms at the residence' of
Mrs. Captain Ahearn on the Lunetta,
overlooking the. harbor. There was a long
veranda : on. the second story and from
there I -used to wait and watch the
horizon for the smoke- tliat would tell the
return of the Vicksburg. But the watch
was in vain. The gunboat came in during
the night with the prisoners.
WIFE OF FAMOUS OFFICER "WHO
CAPTURED 'CHIEF OF PHILIP
PINE INSURRECTIONISTS.
Miss Ella Hilton, a diminutive woman,
about the size of a girl six years of age
and living at 2023 Lombard street, swore
to a. complaint in Judge Mogan's court
yesterday for the arrest of Frank Han
sen, a motorman on the Fillmore-street
line,' on the charge of betrayal under
promise of marriage. General Salomon
•was with her and will specially prosecute
the case. Hansen was later arrested.
Motorrnan Eansen in Trouble.
The Central Republican Club of the
Thirty-ninth District will meet to-night at
Saratoga Hall and elect officers for the
ensuing campaign. ¦
. Republicans of the Thirty-ninth As
sembly District met last night at Saratoga
Hall and organized by the election of of
ncers. ,
Last evening at league headquarters. in
the Baldwin Annex there was a Jarge
meeting of representative Republicans of
the Forty-fifth Assembly District. Tem
porary officers as follows were chosen:
President. George M. P§rlne; first vice presi
dent. Robert Porter; second vice president,
William R. Noonan; secretary. ¦ A. Johnson;
sergeant-at-arms, Joseph Barbetta.
The following district committee was
chosen:
A. H. Powers, Alex Griffith, E. - M. Polkin,
R. Ryan, C. Mason Klnne, E. B. Learning,
John Hanley. Joseph Barbetta, Shirley Hertz,
A. Olmo, Li. Canepa. L. I. Mowry, W. R.
Noonan. Joseph Spohn. W. H. McPherson. W.
A. T. Agard, F. A. Benson, R. H. Graham,
John R. Mclsaac.
Forty-Fifth District
I>. A. Rea. chairman: J. C. Klmball. first vice
chairman; E. D. Feusier, second vice chair
man: C. H. Somznerland, secretary; Leon
Block, treasurer. District committee— Frank
Marinl, Charles H. Sommerland, J. H. Nelson,
Charles Wlnkler. Henry Huff. George Zocchi,
Louis Sfrohl. William Fitzgerald. E. Furbush.
Julius Xathan, Charles Hynes, R. Luna, M.
Brlca, J. C. Klmball, E. D. Feusier.
At league headquarters in the Baldwin
Annex night before last the Republicans
of the Forty-fourth Assembly District as
sembled in large numbers. Permanent or
ganization was effected by the election of
officers and a district committee, as fol
lows:
Forty-Fourth District.
The Republican Primary League, free of
cliques and factions. Is the center of
political activity in San Francisco. The
league has no candidates | to boom. The
main purpose of the organization is to
awaken the public to a sense of the im
portance of primary elections, to the end
that men of character and intelligence
may be elected as delegates to the mu
nicipal nominating conventions. In every
district of San Francisco there are in
dications of Republican activity. Citizens
are coming- together to discuss municipal
affairs, and the result of the agitation will
be an immense Republican vote at the pri
maries.
Democratic voters, noted for docile ad
hesion to boss rule and party discipline,
will occasionally, permit a State Central
Committee to step in and take control of
local affairs, but Republicans as a rule
are so independent that they will not sub
mit to such intrusion: Democratic news
papers known tg be in sympathy if not
alliance with Republican bosses are very
much concerned at this time over the
growing strength arid power of the Re
publican Primary League. Politicians are
importuned ¦ to step in I and establish
counter organizations. The scheme to
provoke discord' in Republican ranks is
clumsy, to say the least. Only the
gudgeons will take the - bait. —Sensible
men of the Republican party who are
looking forward to Republican success in
the next State campaign will join in ef
forts to establish harmony and secure
Republican victory in the municipal cam
paign this year.. . . " ¦
The framers of the charter fancied that
the interests of San Francisco would .be
protected by separating-* the municipal
election from the contest for State officers.
This year citizens will vote for men to
govern .the city. Next year they will vote
for men to govern the State. The Repub
lican /taxpayers of San expect
to regulate local affairs without advice or
dictation from State or Federal office-seek
ers. The Republicans of the city ..are or
ganizing their forces in a sensible fashion,
and expect to place San j Francisco as a
municipality under Republican rule. They
do not expect -resistance from men who
are supposed or avowed candidates for
the favor of the Republican State Con
vention of 1902. It would be short sighted
politics on the part of outsiders" to inter
fere in the local concerns of San Fran
cisco Republicans.
Indications of a -Large Vote
*at the Coming "Primary
> Election.
Primary League Active
in the Formation
of Clubs.
REPUBLICANS
DISPLAY ZEAL
Merchants Make an Ap-
peal to the Board of
Supervisors.
CREDITORS WANT
THEIR INTEREST
Unwilling to Sign a Clear
Receipt for Face Value
of Claims.
It was finally -decided, after a long dis
cussion.- to submit the matter to con
sideration by' the Joint Committee on
Finance and: Judiciary. A meeting "will
be arranged for a later date, at which
the City Attorney will be present, to dis
cuss tbe leg-al phases of the Question aft
er the Interested creditors have explained
their case.
The attorneys of • the merchant credi
tors of the city appeared yesterday be
fore the Finance Committee of the Board
of Supervisors and officially- notified the
members thereof that their clients would
positively refuse to waive interest on
their back claims. While* the board has
appropriated the sum of $12,000 to pay in
terest on teachers' claims, ¦ no provision
has been made in the- tax budgret to pay
Interest ont merchants' claims, although
the "ionstitutional amendment adopted at
me last election provides for the payment
of interest on all claims of certain back
years.
The merchant creditors were represent
ed by Attorneys . Thomas D. Rlordan,
Frank Powers. J. C. Bates and Walker
Graves. While they offered no objection
to paying interest to the teachers, they
expressed themselves as being opposed to
signing a clear receipt for the £ace value
of the claims. In other words, they de
eired that some plan be formulated so
that the claims for interest would oper
ate as a lien for.the amount due them.
Supervisors Hotaling and Jennings, as
members of the T committee, could not see
their way clear to accept "a partial re-,
ceipt on behalf of the city for the face
value cf the claims. They refused to rec
ommend to thes board that the payment
of interest be left as a legacy to the suc
ceeding ZSoard, as suggested by the attor
neys. , . :
12
"'Phone Howard 1021. •
.119 TAYLOR STREET.
EGGS, best rahch, TIoz 20c
FLOUR K"."^:- 50 : 69c
I U U U 1 1 F6r gf)od whIte bread . V v» U
Usually 80c. Sale on all brands this week.
CHIPPED BEEF. "Country Club," ! tin
15c .¦--..:-. __...
nnrrrr "Java, and Mocha," very OC«
uUrrbb best - p° und ••• ZuC
UUI ' u > 35c kind, no prizes, just 4iUW
pure straight coffee. .5 lbs limit.
CATSUP, "Gold Medal," 3 bottles 25c
SARDiNES'»^-'«S ana --25c
uniiuuvku Put up ln Pure Ollve tuu
Oil. 12 to It in each tin. Regular 12^c.
Dozen S5c. ...
BONELESS. SARDINES, 25c tins 17&C
IIRIS/TT An ' artistic dessert, in.
JUNKET package uc
JUIIIILI Served at* store this. IWU
week. Get a sample. See 32 dainty dishes
prepared.
STUFFED OLIVES, bottle lOc and 20c
UfirrnP Graham, fancy car- |ft_
iim liio Fresh and crisp In . iuu
elude a box ln your order for the baby.
Regularly 15c.
COCOA, Huyler's, tin 15c-' .
BUTTER ¦SSrSr B !^?..l!?!i?99c
uu " ' 1 Received direct. Used *' ou
by finest families. Sample .at store.
Choice of. 3 brands.
PINK BEANS. 10 pounds 25c
MASON .Sar i ! ne :,.. Bo^64c
IflMOUH BelQW m anufacturer'3 U^ U
cost. Compare our: price. Rubbers free.
Thursday and Saturday only.
BROKEN JAVA and MOCHA, 3 lbs 5Oc
imrAlil ounce birs, box \J [)|j
uiiLnm Made by SwIft & Co^4iuu
Light in color, perfect in use. Chance to
decrease washing expense. Usually 5c a
bar straight.
BIRD SEED,. best Imported, 5 lbs 25c-
CLARET
UUHIIL. I 60c quality. Excellent"" 11
old tab|e wine. No reduction by the bar-
rel. 5 gallons $1.45.
CORN STARCH, best, pkg 5c
Best Goods. . Best Service. Best Specials.
This sale ends June 23—11 p. m.
...'/i^^g^WEAK
! 'J&$32$li3£2£MS& i **- can obtain renewed
I ' s^t&&i!iuS&&Z£% S \ ' 6tren Sth and vigor
? jy5^jM3i£vViN b^ the use ot * >I)r
-\/ Af\??T«Vi\'>> •• Pterce'" (latest Jm-
. » /» r«T \ $ *\ N Proved) ELEC-
¦ . "~ * TRIC BELT" and
appliances. Druga
do not cure. Electricity is the remedy!
Buy no Belt until you see "Dr. Pierce's "
for it is the BEST and the lowest in price
CTCall at offlce or send, a-2-cent stamii
fo^ new "Booklet Ho. 2." Address PIERCE
ELECTRIC CO.. 2o« Post B t.. San Fran^
Cisco. New York offlce— 1145 Broadway.
q^HI3\7l!,iX.K>fO\7If AND BKLUBLE OtD
I Sp«'Clall.stc7«r<MB!oo<lPoison;«onorrh03a,Glte{.
hi ° ¦* n ",'« * l -'* 1 nil "»l w «kne», Impotrnco and tbeir
allied Disorders. Hook on Dise;ii M of Men, frei.-
OvprC0yenrs>xp«»retK:e.Term« reasonable. lionrsl
fciUoufreeand3acredly confldentk.1. Call oraddreu
P. KO8COB McNl'LTY, BI. D.'
gg^ Rearny 8t^ San Fraut-igco. Cal-
E il
, MARKET bT. S.F. **&eF
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
ST-A.TB3^E;3SrT
: — OP THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
——OF THE-r-^ r
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF •VVATERTOWN. UT, THE STATE OT
New York, on the 21st day of December,
A. D. 1300, and for the year ending on that
day. as made to the Insurance Commissioner ot
the State of California, pursuant to th« provi-
sions of sections 610 and 611 of tba Political
Code, condensed as per blank furnished by the
Commissioner.
CAPITA!*
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up la '
Cash $800,000 00
<",*:;.'¦¦: assets. :
Real Estate. owned by Company $342,913 M
Loans on Bonds and MortmseS 784.833 M
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company HO, 173 M
Amount of. Loans secured by pledge
of Bonds. Stocks and other mar- »5S«B
ketable securities as collateral 181.821 IT
Cash ln Company's Offlce 18.14« 17
Cash .In .Banks.... ...->.. -..;. - 1C6.382 32
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans 15.220 74
Interest due and accrued on Bonds
and Mortgages • 27.M* 71
Premiums ln due Course of Collection 13S.107 J7
Bents due and accrued <0O M
Due* from other Companies for Re»
Insurance on losses already paid... 1,225 01
Total Assets .1 .C.223.53U 33
LIABILITIES. ',.«¦. ~
Losses adjusted and unpaid 122.833 M
Losses in process of Adjustment or
In Suspense M. 220 00
Losses resisted. Including expenses.. 8.SSZ 00
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run- ¦
ninjc one year or. less. $715,329 00;
reinsurance 60 per cent 3ST.«M 50
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning more than one year. $1,441.-
862 00; reinsurance pro rata .*. 727.912 3*
Total Liabilities .....$1,174,935 S9
IXCO1TE. r
Net cash actually received for Flr» - .
premiums .'...:: IMs.aw is
Received for interest on Bonds and
Mortgages 4S,»3 04
Received for interest and dividends
on Bonds. Stocks. Loans, and from
all other sources n.ttt (9
Received for Rents 4.M5. 81
Received from all other sources . no (S
Total Income .n. 823. OSS a
EXPENDITURES. *
Net amount paid for Fire Losses (ln- •
eluding J01.803 08. losses of previous
years) S... ••••• $5«7.443 «
Dividends to Stockholders.... 50.240 00
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage m.241 u
Paid for Salaries. Fees and other •
charges for officers, clerks, etc •. 92,930 57
Paid for State. National. and Local
taxes • 48,267 44
All other payments and expenditures 108.514 gj
Total Expenditures .$1.04«.«42 49
Fire
Losses incurred during the year $570,430 M
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks . . <.
¦written during the * •
year .................:. H59.364.200 $1.500.351 73
Net amount of . Risks
. expired . during the
year 188.027.700 1.421.033 7J
Net ". amount ln force
December SL 1900 232.629.200 , M57.191 CO
C. PATTERSON. Vice Prest.
W. H. STEVENS. Sec'y.
Subscribed and sworn to before me. this 2St5i
day of January. 1901. C. F. PECK.
afgH Notary Public
EDWARD BROWN & SONS,
v GENERAL AGENTS,
411-13 California St., San Francisco, Cal.
GEO.H.MURDOCK,
» CITY AGENT,
412 California Street.
"©lERCE'S"
fci^ FAVORITE
pSCRIPTION
ML FOR WEAK WOMEN.
R A 1? (fi ATMS
50 Dress Patterns of MOHAIR CREPONS AND SILK AND
¦.¦¦¦..'WOOL FIGURED POPLINS, In a good line of this
•season's colorings, such as Grays, Nayns, Browns,
Modes, Castor and Heliotrope.. •-•?•> ••
. . . ; . ; Price $6.00 Pattern
s Former Price $12.00. ... '
25 pieces 50 and 58 INCH STRIPED CHE VIOTS r ln NaYTJ
and White, Blaclc and White, Brown and White j.. . .
also mixed effects with 1 GOlored stripes ) this season^
latest goods for tailor-made suits. ................ p H
Reduced to $1.00 Yard
75 Dress Patterns BLACK'FIGURED ENGLISH PIEROLAS,
pure silk mohair finish, in a good variety of new - S
-? designs......... ..Price $4.50 Pattern
Former Price §9.00 Pattern.
18 "pieces BLACK- FIGURED NOVELTY DRESS FABRICS, ,'- .
- small, medium and large patterns, goods sold hn us
i all this season at $2,00 per uard. Price to close..*, .v.
/.. $I.OO per Yard ¦?_*
Our entire. stock of Best Qualitu JAPANESE WASH «-¦ i
SILKS, in Pinks, Blues, LaYender/. Tup auoise,
Pongee, Red, and BlaGk and White ....'..:... . . . . . . .; ; ; :
................... Reduced to 35c Yard 1
15 pieces 24-INCH BLACK TAFFETA SILK, extra heayo .¦•.,;;;
aualltn and guaranteed to wear. Price 85c -Yard ,:, . :
• . "Worth $1.25. ... . .
EXTRA SPECIAL.
750 dozen LADIES' FINE SWISS EMBROIDERED BAND
COLLARS, 65 different patterns. 4 for 25 Cents %
Former Price 15c Each.
Uli 113/ -115.-117/ I!9. 121 POST STREET.
AJDVZILTTSElffENTS.
Saerifice y^J
Summer^ A
forWoinm^Aj. / gtffi
These values will simply cause
you to wonder how we can af-
ford the sacrifice we offer: r^it'
the fact that we sell more shoes
than any other house of the j
same sire In the United States. I
buy in enormous quantities, sell • I
quickly on a small margin and |
give our patrons the benefit, fur- ,
nishes the solution in a nutshell.
ladies' Chocolate Yici Kid Shoes.
New coin toes, straight tips;
heels foxing; regular heels and
flexible soles; sizes Zhb to 8;
widths A to E; reduced from
$2 - 50to S1.65 a pair. !
Ladies 1 s k tlng Top Lace Shms,
Coin toes, straight tips; heels
foxing; regular heels and flexi- .
ble soles; sizes 2M- to 8; widths
A to E; reduced from $2.50 to
§l*6o a j^""-
LADIES' TRAMPING SHOES |
reduced, as formerly advertised. !
from- $2.00 to $2.1O.
i
•Sencnor new Catalogue
PHILADELPHIA SHOE CO.
[QTKIRD ST.~janfcnci$c^
MUNYON'S INHALER
0$[Zm catarrh
ViS & Colds, Coughs,
||||£5g£p|! Influenza, Bron-
vStM imySiim chitis » Asthma
||ja?>^rp? WjM an d all Diseases
1||iPl Wf of the Throat
i_ and Lungs.
Clouds of Medicated Vapor are inhaled through
the ' month and emitted from the nostrils, cleans-
ing and vaporizing all the inflamed and diseased
parts which canoct be reached by medicine taken
into the stomach.*
It reachfn theftore tpots—Jieals the raw places
—noes to thesfatof disease— acts as abalm and
tonic to the xiltole tv*tein—$l.00 at druggists or
lymail. Munvon. Kete York and PMladelphia
OR. CROSSMAN'S
SPECIFIC MIXTURE
For the Cttrs oi Gonorrhoea, Gleots,
Strictures and analogous comolaiat*
ct the Organs of Generation.
yrlce tl ¦bottle. Tor «al> br <3mcgl»tm.
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogues and Prlc3 Lists Mail 2 i
on Applie-^lon.
COAL. COKE AN* PIj IROX
J T WTI^flVfc'm sco B a«ery Street.
J- t- nLLjUn ftWi Telephone Main 1SS4.
COPPERSMITH.
rW CMfTH Eh! P Plumbing. Steamboat and
• "- 1 Ut ship Tl'orlc a specialty. 16 and
18 Wfa^f.^irton «t. Telephone Main 6M1.
FRESH. AND SALT MEATS.
II C EnYF^/tCiJ Shipplnur Butchers. 104
OILS.
LUBRICATING OILS. LEONARD & ELLIS.
<18 Front et.. S. . F. . Phone. Main 1719.
PKINTINQ. .
EC RfJfiHFC PRIXTER, - r . '
\r HU UIICJ. Eil Sansome «u S. F.
PRINTERS.- BOOKBINDERS.
THE HICKS-JUDD CO..
• 23 Flm Street, S&n Francisco.
This is an experience often : : ;
testified to by people— and '
especially young people— who
never before realized the bad ,
condition of their eyes until
they were fitted with a pair oiV
our glasses. The; marvelous '•
sight-giving power of these
, glasses causes everything to -
take on additional brightoess .
and beauty/- thus giving . tli3
sensation . of new sight. No
'other glasses are so effective
in making good eyes of bad
' ones.
fTAK0iBpOPTl£AL€o.
217 Kearne>i5t.- .San riwcijco
; ? «^B^4Cfeara.nce- Sale! ...
'iMMwi'nii (Sli^^^^^ • PC ' a^ Bargains ¦
§^^^^M Bcds ' eparate Bur eaus; Chiffoniers! •
flh^i^r^ ot^? r household : goods which you v'H'v:
%— t 6^ ' -Jf .1^^^^^^^^^=" : ¦ • 's can secure at prices- never before of- : ;
'.^y^y^ 5^^-: ; ' /Don't Miss This Cpportunity.
1 - « Spe^jaj • Discounts from io to ; 40 per. cent for cash: " ' " •
' i ¦ THE MONEY-SAVING FURNITURE . AND GARPET HOUSE.
Cash or Credit. .
ifDJinnM ciiDMiTiiDt pn [oi3io| 7 M a ketst