PRICE FIVE CENTS.
SAN FRANCISCO, SATURDAY, MARCH IB, 1901.
VOLUME LXX2OX— NO. 106.
Duke and Duchess of Cornwall and York Accompan=
ied to Portsmouth by King and Queen and
Other flembers of the Family.
BRITAIN'S HEIR APPARENT
STARTS ON TOUR OF WORLD,
RECEIVING A ROYAL FAREWELL
Dispute Over Possession of Railroad Siding at Tien=
tsin Takes an Acute Turn and Troops of King and
Czar Face One Another in Warlike Attitude.
RUSSIANS IN POSSESSION
OF THE DISPUTED TERRITORY,
OUTWITTING BRITISH FORCES
LONDON, March IB.— The Duke and
Duchess of Cornwall and York
started this afternoon on the first
stage of their tour \ of the four
quarters of the globe. Kng Ed
ward, Queen Alexandra and other mem
bers of the royal family accompanied the
travelers to Portsmouth, whence the
Bteamer Ophir, with the Duke and Duch
ess on board, will sail to-morrow. Tho
departure of the King and Queen from
Marlborough House was accompanied by
a semi-state ceremonial.
LONDON, March 15. — A dispatch received here from
Tientsin by Reuter's Telegram Company, dated from that
city to-day at 3:20 p. m., says: "The Russians are now en
trenching in the disputed territory. A company of the Hong
kong regiment, with fixed bayonets, is in front, while two
companies of. the Madras Pioneers, under the command of
Major Johnson, are held in reserve. Both the Russians and
British are awaiting instructions from their Governments."
BERING, March 15. — The Russians at Tientsin took
possession of the railway siding, and armed sentries
are now guarding it. General Barrow (second in
command of the British forces) hesitates to act, apparently in
the absence of General Gaselee, feeling sure that bloodshed
would ensue. He had a long consultation to-day with Sir
Ernest Satow, British Minister.
The Russians are jubilant. The American military line
has been sold to a private company.
LONDON, March 16.— A question In
the House of Commons yesterday
relative to the Tientsin dispatch
announcing friction between the
Russians and British there elicited
a confirmation from Lord Georgo Hamil
ton, the Secretary of State for India, cor
roborating the press dispatches, who said
Russia claimed the land In dispute by vlrr
tue of a concession alleged to have been j
granted by China since the disturbances
commenced. The authorities on the spot
were dealing with the matter.
The British Government has Issued a
public invitation to societies and others
having claims against China, to present
them at the Foreign Office.
Collection of Indemnity.
A special from Peking says: The rules
to govern the collection of indemnity .
from China were approved by the Min
isters at a meeting v*s_terday. Mr. Rock-
Chang . to-day/ to* discuss \ wtth him " the
question of the reformation of the-Taung
LI Yamen and * court 'ceremonials.
The sale of the American' military, tele
graph from Peking - to took place
to-day. Three thousand dollars (Mexi
can) was paid for the line. It is pro
vided that the line may' be used free of
cost by the main body "of the American
troops so long as they are here.
, Continued on Second Page.
The decree ordered the duelists and
their seconds to leave Swiss territory be
fore 8 o'clock Friday morning.
"panitd hy detectives.
M. Deroulede and his party left here
for Milan and M. Buffet and his friends
started for Basie this morning, ajeccm-
"The duel was .originally exclusively
political, and put in antagonism tho ple
blscltary Republican M. Paul Deroulede
and the Royalist M. Andre Buffet, who
¦were thereby brought to the field of honor
to afflrm. their political divergencies.
Under those material and moral co'ndl
tlons and In the presence of force
majeure, the undersigned adjudge their
honor safe and declare the incident
closed. "DE CASSAGNAC,
"DE RAMEL,
"RARRES,
"DE VILUERIES."
were made for the adversaries to face one
another Friday morning, when a double
decree of expulsion was communicated to
them under threat of arrest. The hotel
where we are staying is surrounded, and
we are obliged to recognize the fact that,
henceforth, wherever we might try to
meet, we shall find some Impediments.
"In conformity with our statement of
March 13, the four seconds met at Lau
e&nne, after taking the most minute pre
cautions to secure eecrecy In the meeting
of. the two exiles. All the arrangements
Detectives shadowed MM. Buffet and
Deroulede and their seconds throughout
last evening, not leaving th«rn for an ln-
Etant. K meeting of the seconds was held
at midnight and they drew up the follow
ing declaration:
The seconds thereupon decided that it
•was Impossible to avoid police interven
tion, and. as the origin of the quarrel was
political, the honor of the principals was
not concerned.
LATTSAICrrE. Switzerland. March 15.—
The duel which had been arranged to take
place to-day between M. Paul Deroulede
and M. Andre Buffet, growing out of the
controversy over the action of the Roy
alists at the time of the coup dctat
planned by M. Deroulede and Marcel-
JJebert, on the occasion of the funeral of
the late President Faure In 1*33. has been
ebandoned in consequence of the authori
ties having issued a decree expelling both
the would-be combatants from Switzer
land.
Seconds Decide That as the Affair Is Political There Is Now No Necessity
of the Fight Ever Coming Off.
Count von ¦ Bulow.. continued: •. "Just as
good as our relations with Russia and
Great Britain are our/relations with the
United States," France and .'Japan.' The
United ¦ States . is taking her. part' zealous
ly in ?the negotiations and' is especially
displaying. . the .. keenest _ interest in the
maintenance of r. China's :¦ Be
tween ourselves and France"- there, is r In
China., as in most of the" other parts of
the earth, '¦ no essential opposition. Our
task Is." amid the' claims ¦ of • the different
powers,' to safeguard our neutrality, In
dependence and peace andour great last,
ing interests. All we are anxious. for Is to
restore"; peaceful conditions in. China as
soon as possible and retain unimpaired our
possessions arid trade interests. We wish
by our just and ' loyal attitude to assuage
the existing, differences and ' by the co
operation: of 'others to attain /our , com-
Germany; Count von Bulow ¦ proceeded,
recognized that the, highly gifted " people
of Japan had attained by their Intelligence
the position of a great power in the Far
East and that Germany has been loyally
supported by. Austria and Italy, as a. mat
ter of course, because of the absolutely
unshaken continuance of the triple alli
ance. •"¦;¦";
America's Keen Interest.
The Chancellor alluded to the Anglo-
German \ agreement, saying, its . tendency
was to preserve the integrity of. China bo
long as and .to . protect German
trade there. The agreement did not refer
to Manchuria and did. not contain secret
clauses. • ¦- .
In which was possible, as the best means
of covering- the outlay.
"1 again say to Herr Bebel that we sup
port, in -China solely. German interests,
leaving the -British to guard their own.
Uio-r Kichter ask3 what Is tho pu*i.Uur
Not for Annexation.
'Herr Bebel," the Socialist leader." said
there, was- no need for so many German
troops in China. H« must protest against
providing, troops. for Great Britain. The
most serious developments in. China had
yet to come. He feared that what had
begun in the Far East must one day be
settled with arms in the West. He shared
the Chancellor's wl3b. to get out of China
as soon as possible.
. After several other speeches the Chan
cellor again spoke. .He said:
•. Count von Stallbers-Wernlgerde, in sup
porting the Chancellor, declared that Ger
many's interests nowhere in the world
conflicted with Russia's.
Herr RIchter, the Radical leader, said
there was no occasion for Germany to-be
Great Britain's place holder and to guard
her. position in China, bo that after the
South African war, as before, she might
continue her course entirely unsyrnpa
thetlcally. He would like the Chancellor
to say how the Manchurian agreement be
tween Russia ' and China stood. Russia
was mounted in tho saddle, while Ger
many held the stirrup. He said that Ger
man politics' in regard to China were pro
ceeding in a blind alley.
Too Many Troops in China,
mon objects and secure suitable com
pensation for the costs of the expedition
rendered necessary by the outrage upon
the law of nations and to maintain the
freedom of our trade."
Only a Legation Guard.
WASHINGTON, March 15,-An order
was sent to General Chaffee to-day for
General Chaffee Ordered to Zieava
A proposal of Dr. Bachen, Centrist, to
discuss the question <n committee was re
jected, the Center and some Conservatives
voting with the minority.
AMERICAN TBOOPS TO RETIBE.
"It would moreover not have been In
accordance with diplomatic usage nor to
the advantages of German interest* If w»
had betrayed to the governments con
cerned too great assurance in this matter.
When I learn anything of the agreements*
contents I will communicate them to Herr
RIchter. Minister Mumm von Schwarzen
steln has never urged that we should pur
sue a policy of annexation in China. Herr
RIchter said the German people were dis
trustful of. the world's policy. It Herr
RIchter understands by 'world's policy' a
tendency to interfere in matters which do
not concern us I am a decided opponent
of such 'world's policy.* But that we
must advance our interests in Eastern
Asia is a fact that has become historic.
It was In that sense that I said three
months ago that we must have our place
in the sunshine. I say to-day that we will
keep that place In the sunshine, and not
let ourselves be pusned into the shadow."
regarding the Manchurian agreement.
That I Co not know, nor is it even known
to certain governments which are morj
concerned in the Manchurian agreement
than ourselves.
SCENE OF THE STRIFE OF RUSSIANS AND BRITISH OVER A RAILWAY SIDING. WOGACK IS IN COMMAND
OF THE CZAR'S TROOPS AND BARROW IS THE BRITISH CHIEF OB" STAFF AT PEKING. WHO HESITATES
TO ORDER USE OF FORCE. . '"¦£':' *
first-rate swordsman but a wrotched shot.
He keeps wonderfully cool under the cir
cumstances.*
The time and place of the duel have
been kept secret. Even Count de Castel
lane himself does not know where or when
the duel will take place, and will only bo
informed at the last moment. The de
tails are belnp kept secret in order to pro
vide against the presence of spectators.
Count de Castellane went to the Cham
ber of Deputies this afternoon, where
¦
many of his friends congratulated him on
his conduct.
A correspondent interviewed Count Bonl
to-day in regard to his "affaire" with M.
de Rodaj-s.
"I cannot say much." said Count Boni.
"but I afflrm I gave De Rodays thirty
five 6lap8 In the face."
It is said here that the person who came
from M. Deroulede on the eve of Presi
dent Faure's funeral with the story of the
plot was M. Honore de Luynes.
Count <Je Castellane regrets that swords
were not the weapons selected, as he is a
The conditions of the duel are two Phots
from ristcla to be exchanged at twenty
five paces.
PARIS, March 15.-The duel between
Count Bor.i de Castellane and M. de Ro
<Jayp. editor of the Figaro, as the result
of yesterday's encounter between th,e two
men. will probably take place to-morrow.
The Count's seconds •will be Count de Dion
end M. Gaston OUivet.
DUKE AND DUCHESS OF CORNWALL AND TORK. WHO STARTED YESTERDAY ON THE FIRST STAGE OF
THEIR JOUKXET AROUND THE WORLD, BEING ACCOMPANIED AS FAR AS PORTSMOUTH BT THE KING
AND QUEEN AND OTHER MEMBERS OF THE ROYAL FAMILY.
The Chancellor traced the deliberations
of the powers, following which negotia
tions had been entered upon with China.
Referring to the punishments inflicted on
the mandarins as a result, of Boxer atroc
ities, the Chancellor declared that the
powers were not actuated by thirst for
blood, but by a desire to make an example
of the guilty. To let them go free would
have amounted. to a charter for similar
misdeeds in the future. He suggested
that the mission of Prince Chun to.Berlin
was agreeable to] the ; Emperor, but' it
could not occur until China had yielded to
the demands of the powers, or had given
satisfactory assurances that their condi
tions would be carried out.
The question of indemnities, the.Chan
cellor continued, > Offered such difficulties
as to have thus far prevented the drawing
up of; a programme acceptable to all the
powers. /.But China had unconditionally
admitted '¦ her 'obligation and . had granted
compensation. : Experts had been called
In to revise tb« methods of paying indem
nities. , They were opposed to the control
of the whole Chinese state system and re-'
carded the maritime duties, an lncrca*a
An Example of the Guilty.
The debate on the supplementary esti
mates for China furnished the opportun
ity for the statement from the Chancellor.
In anticipation of something: Interesting
occurring, both the floor of the house and
the galleries were filled. The Chancellor
began by declaring that the negotiations
on the Chinese question were making
slow but steady progress. Although It
had not been easy to secure an agreement,
owing .to the naturally conflicting inter
ests of the different governments, It had
been possible to draw up a reasonable
peace programme. The harmony of the
powers, thus far, had -been preserved and
hope was entertained that the feeling of
solidarity among .the civilized nations
would suffice to overcome the "differences
of opinion which had lately become ap
parent In regard to matters in China.
BERLIN, March 15.— Tha Imperial
Chancellor, Count von Bulow, in a.
speech In the Relchstae to-day admitted
that differences of opinion had arisen be
tween the powers In regard to Chinese af
fairs, but he hoped they would be over
come.
and Praises America's Stand.
Von Bulow Outlines Situation in China
DIFFEBENCES OF POWEES.
Nanmcf, a large market town between
Tientsin and Peking, which had pre
viously paid fines for Indemnity for pro
tection, was visited recently by 400 Ger
mans from Tientsin, who commandeered
a considerable quantity of supplies. They
Intruded upon the religious services In a
chapel of the American Board of For-
Germans Loot a Town.
As the court thus far has been unable
to effect the withdrawal Into Shansl
province of an obstreperous Chinese gen
eral, who is on the southwest border of
the province of Chill, a force of 3000
French Is In readiness to operate against
him. ¦
COUNT CASTELLANE AND EDITOR RODAYS
WILL MEET ON THE FIELD OF HONOR TO-DAY
Two Shots Are to Be Exchanged at Twenty-Five Paces, and Boni Maintains
a Remarkably Cool Demeanor.
CHASED BY THE POLICE OF SWITZERLAND,
DEROULEDE AND BUFFET ABANDON THEIR DUEL
M. Deroulede expressed to his seconds
In strong terms his discontent with the
Issue. In the course of an Interview he
declared that he had been placed in a
false position. He eald he desired to ex-
Change bullets with the Royalist, and It
was deplorable that the duel had not
taken place. Before leaving he had a
lively dispute with the chief . of the de
tective etafr, who had threatened to ar
rest him for. remaining beyond the limit
fixed in the writ of expulsion.
M. Buffet declined to discuss the terms
of the declaration by the seconds, but
Bald: "I guarantee that the Royalist
party will not remain compromised by
M. Der'oulede's statement. I shall be
unable to keep silerfce. Otherwise it
would be said that a famous name had
been given men. , and that I had to bow
before tho revelation."
¦ ====== ¦' , - ¦ ."
Another Chance to Fight.
PARIS, March Ifi.— The Siccle this morn
inff recalls that . M. Deroulede,, when ar
rested, had in his possession 60,000 francs
which ho said had ' been advanced by a
Deputy, and the paper asks:
"Is It not plain from, this declaration
and the exchange of letters between him
and the Deputy that the person in ques-
Ston Is Count Bonl de Castellane?"
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
Special Dispatch to The Call.WASHINGTON, March 15.— The
State Department officials an
nounce that assurances 'have
been received which almost
completely dispose of all ap
prehension of trouble between the United
States and Venezuela as a result of tho
controversy over the asphalt interests. It
is stated that the course pursued by Min
ister Loomls has not been at any time
criticized by the responsible officials of
Venezuela. Such criticism as has been di
rected toward the Minister came from pri
vate sources. The Venezuelan Charge
d' Affaires here, Senor Pulldo, declares
that there has been no disturbance of the
amicable relations between the two coun-
r pORT OF SPAIN, Island of Trinidad,
March 15 (via Haytlan cable).— The Ger
man second-class cruiser Vlneta Is report
ed to be making further investigation in
regard to matters in connection, with the
island of Margarita.
Thd Italian third-class cruiser Dogalla
Is here watching Venezuelan affairs and
is ready to start at once to protect Italian
interests in Venezuela if necessary.
The United States auxiliary cruiser
Scorpldn has arrived here. •
TWO PROMINENT VENEZUELAN
OFFICIALS AND REPRESENTA
TIVE OF THE UNITED STATES.
Continued From First Page.
RUSSIANS IN POSSESSION
OF DISPUTED TERRITORY
If you have Dyspepsia. write Dr. Snoop, Racine,
Wis.,box 137, for six bottles Dr.Shoop's Restora
tive. Exp.paid. Bend no money. Pa>|5.50 if cured*
A Month's Test Free.
TACOMA. March 15.— In the Superior
Court to-day Judge W. H. Snell decided
the State law making: eight hours a day's
work for all men employed in public works
applied only to men employed by the day
and not to men working by the month or
year. .
Eight Hour Law's Limitations.
ROME. March 15.— Sigmor Crispi, the
celebrated Italian statesman and former
Premier, during an audience of Dowager
Queen Marguerita to-day, was attacked
by a sudden illness and fell to the floor
slightly injuring his head. He received
medical attention and was able to return
to his hotel. Late this evening it waa re
ported that he was feeling better.
Signor Crispi Becomes 111 Suddenly
While Conversing With Dowager
Marguerita of Italy.
FAIXS TO THE FLOOR
IN A QUEEN'S PRESENCE
dent Levl P. Morton, in an Interview with
a correspondent, referring: to the death
of ex-President Harrison, said:
The country has sustained a great Io*a In
the death of General < Harrison. With his In
t< llcctual and physical forces unimpaired,
there still remained many avenues in which
he might have continued to render valuable
eervlce to the country which he served so
well.
My official and personal relations with Gen
eral Harrison during; his term as President
¦were naturally of an Intimate character.. - I
believed then, as I do now, that he was the
reer Intellectually of any one who has held
the of flee of President of the, United States.
ROME, March 15.— Former Vies Presi-
MOBTON PRAISES HARRISON.
Belief That a Corpse in the Hacken
sack Eiver Is That of the
Missing Man.
NEW YORK, March IB.— The Journal
to-morrow will say that the body of a
man discovered in a cake of ice In the
Hackensatk Kiver.'at Jersey City, on
Friday in many particulars resembles the
description of John Armstrong Chanler a
i descendant of John Jacob Astor. .-.?
John Armstrong Chanler mysteriously
disappeared frcm Bloomingdalo Asylum
last ThanksBivine day and has not been
seen since. So far aa, known no represen
tative of the Chanler family has Been-the
body tound in the ice.
JOHN PHANLEB'S BODY
¦ MAY HAVE BEEN" POUND
Humor That John G. Johnson of Phil
adelphia Will Succeed
Griggs.
. PHILADELPHIA, March 15.— A report
is in circulation in this city that John G.
Johnson, a leading member of the Phila
delphia bar and one of the most prominent
lawyers in this country, has been offered
the portfolio of -Attorney General In
President McKinley's Cabinet to succeed
Attorney General Griggs. When asked to
day If he. had been offered tha attorney
ship, Mr. Johnson said:
"I -refuse to either confirm or deny the
report."
- Mr. Johnson Is a stanch Republican,
but has never taken an active part in poli
tics.
MAY GET PORTFOLIO |- :
op ATTOBirarsr genebal
It was said at the "War Department that
this closes up the Chinese question bo far
as the War Department is concerned, as
the protection of the legation can in no
sense be taken as occupation of Chinese
territory, and the guard cannot be used
for any other purpose. The transports
Bumner and Indiana will be sent to Taku
to take the troops in China to Manila,
These troops consist of the Ninth Infan
try, four troops of the Sixth Cavalry and
the light battery, formerly commanded by
Captain Rellly. Two transports will bring
away the 1100 animals which have been
used by the army in China. .
General Chaffee, has advised the depart
ment that tho best place of embarkation
is Taku. which, no doubt, will be clear of
ice on the date fixed for departure..,
"In reply to your telegram, the Secre
tary of War directs that you complete ar
rangements and sail for Manila with your
command and f.tafC officers by tho end of
April, leaving as a legation guard an in
fantry company composed of 150 men hav
ing at least one year to serve, or those
Intending to re-enllst, with full comple
ment of ofllcerg, medical officer, sufficient
hospital corps men, and, if you think best,
a field officer especially qualified to com
mand the guard. Retain and instruct an
officer of the quartermaster's department
to proceed to erect tho necessary build
ings for the guard according to plan and
estimates you approve. Colonel Chase
Humphrey, on arrival, will make an in
spection cf the quartermaster's depart
ment of the Philippine Islands until July
1. when he will be assigned to duty as
chief quartermaster at Manila, and Miller
ordered to the United States. All stores
and supplies not required for the legation
guard are to be disposed of in your best
judgment: of course, serviceable supplies
needed in the Philippine Islands will be
sent to Manila. The division of the Phil
ippines will furnish supplies for the lega
tion guard. MacArthur has been notified.
"CORBIN."
tho evacuation of China by the American
troops, leaving only a legation guard of
150 men. The troops will be removed from
China the last of April.
The diypatch to General Chaffee, In Pe
king, is as follows:
men, although accompanied by loss of life
among the Indians who aided the cow
punchers.
For many months past tho cattle ranch
of Campbell in Cochlse County, Arizona,
has been overrun by various species of
wild animals, and their depredations had
become bo frequent that material loss was
suffered and 10,000 head of cattle on the.
ranges had been ravaged so often the
dividends of the company had been per
ceptibly cut down. Last week Charles
Montgomery, a scout famous In Arizona,
who accompanied General Crook in his
campaign against the Apaches and a hun
ter of note, engaged to form a posse and
exterminate the beasts, which included
mountain lions, black and grizzly bears.
Montgomery secured one hundred Pima
Indian bucks to assist him and the band
took the field last Saturday at daybreak.
A district five miles square in the foot
hills adjacent to the Chlricahua Moun
tain range was surrounded and the long
line of Indians and cowboys was gradually
drawn closer. A horde of black bear,
grizzlies, coyotes and mountain lions was
driven to the center by hunters and their
200 dogs. Many of the beasts, especially
the bears, became Infuriated from the at
tacks of the dogs and attempted to break
through the line of hunters,, but were
greeted with volleys.
There were many close conflicts and
four Indians were so terribly mangled by
grizzlies that they died. A former chle!
of the Pima tribe was also eo badly hurt
that he cannot recover. Dozens of dogs
were killed. A final count of dead wild
animals after the day's work was done
showed twelve black bear, seven grizzlies,
nineteen mountain lions, two lynx and
about a hundred coyotes.
EL. PASO, Tex., March 15. — News
reached here to T day by wire from Arizona
of the largest round-up of wild beasts
that ever occurred in the Territory. The
result was eminently Hucce'ssful to cattle-
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Arizona Cowboys andlndians
Make an Extraordinary
Capture.
WILD ANIMRLS
IN THE ROUND-UP
BIG RAILROADS
TO BE UNITED
Gould Family Arranges to
Control Great South
western System.
CHICAGO, March 15.— The Times-Her
ald to-morrow will say: Events of the
past few weeks have made It certain that
the Missouri Pacific is shortly to be made
trie greatest system of the Southwest,
With the Missouri Pacific as the nucleus
a system will be built up and put under
one management, extending from Buffalo
to New Orleans. El Paso and Salt Lake.
Such Is the plan which is being 1 ' worked
out by the Gould family and it is equal
to the boldest scheme projected by the
late Jay Gould.
The latest evidence in this respect is the
announcement that the Goulds have ac
quired control of the Denver and Rio
Grande and will soon have the Rio Grande
Western. It is also understood that the
Missouri Pacific now has control of the
Missouri, Kansas and Texas, which ex
tends to St. Louis via Parsons, and Dallas
to Galveston, and that the extension from
Bt. Louis to Paris and southwest to Okla
homa will soon be acquired by tho Goulds.
By these purchases the Missouri Pacific
will not only extend Its "Western limit to
Ogden, but will occupy the mountain
passes to an extent that will make it dif
ficult for other roads to secure ingress on
a profitable footing. The Missouri Pacific
is In close relations with tho Union Pa
cific and other properties under syndicate
control and will, therefore, be in a situa
tion to work harmoniously west from Salt
Lak« City and El Paso.
Proceeding, Lord Lansdowne questioned
the correctness of some of Lord Wolee
ley's statements. He reminded the latter
how. after the Glencoe disaster, ho had
suggested that the British should fall
back behind the Tugela. If the order had
been given earlier it might have eavexl
one of the most untoward events of the
war. Lieutenant General Sir William
Butler had written a private letter to
Lord Wolseley suggesting that 40,000 men,
might be necessary for the campaign.
Lord Lansdowne did not wish to excuse
himself for underestimating the enemy,
but Lord \W)lesley should bear his full
Fhare. Lorcf Wolseley suggested, among
other things, the occupation of Delagoa
Bay and an appeal to the colonies.
Lord Salisbury said he thought it un
desirable that all the papers referred to
in the debate should be circulated. Ho
was not aware that any personal charges
had been made against Wolseley.
Lord Rosebery enumerated Lord Lans
downe's charges against Lord Wolseley
and said they were personal In the gen
eral judgment of the mass of tho House
and the men in the street. He alluded to
Lord Wolseley's historic career, now
closed, and defended the slngle-mlnded
ness of his purpose in seeking to improve
the War Office.
Lord Wolseley's motion waa rejected
by a vote of C2 to 38.
Some Mistakes of Wolseley.
Lord Wolseley admitted that, in com
mon. with all the other authorities, he had
underestimated the fighting power of the
individual Boer. Three weeks before
Kruger's declaration of war he had urged
Ivord Lansdowne to send out an army
corps, a. cavalry division and live bat
talions for the lines of communication, !n
addition to the 10,000 troops already in
South Africa. Such a comparatively
small number of troops employed early
had often achieved results which live
times their number could not produce
later. The mobilization of this force at
that, time would have produced a consid
erable effect in South Africa. If the
country was not prepared at the outbreak
of the war it was not because be had not
urged the gradual and unostentatious re
intorcement of the forces.
Lord Wolseley concluded with saying:
"1 have said as little as possible consist
ent with any Justice to myself. Th.3 no
ble Marquis made strong personal state
ments which were not supported. I have
made my reply, which is also unsupport
ed. I cannot, however, leave the matter
thus. I feel I am amply justified In mov
ing that all the papers bo laid on the
table. I am prepared to prove by official
documents all I have said."
Lord Lansdowne, in reply, said he
thought Lord Wolseley had hardly com
prehended the purport of . his former
speech when he said it was a personal at
tack on himself. Lord Wolseley could
hardly expect that he would not retali
ate.
Boers Were Underestimated.
Wolseley refuted the specific charges
launched by Lord Lansdowne. He said
he had made every effort to improve tne
auxiliary forces. In February, 189U, he
recommended that additional troops be
sent to South Africa and recommended
strengthening the Natal garrisons and the
defensive occupation not of the town of
Ladysmith but of the Biggarsberg Range,
which was twenty-live miles in advance
of Ladysmith. He had never considered
l^ady.smith and Its surrounding hills to
be tenable. :- .' •:
Lord Wolseley in his opening remarks
said "he regretted being compelled to dis
cuss a personal matter, but he could not
pass unchallenged the severe comments
of Lord Lansdowne on the manner in
which he had performed the duties of
commander in chief. Lord Liansdowne's
personalities were evidently premeditated.
His indictments were grave and it almost
seemed as if the personal attack was
made in order to divert attention from
the question at issue and throw upon the
commander in chief blame for the mis
takes made by the Uovernment. Until
the rocent debate he had never had rea
son to suppose that he did not posaess the
full conlidence of Lord Lansdowne and
the Cabinet. Early in 1CKW circumstances
arose which 'left him no alternative but
to resign, which he did. If he did not
possess the Cabinet's confidence that was
an object which might have teen used to
appoint a new commander in chief. *
LONDON, March 15. — The House of
Lords was unusually crowded to-day in
anticipation of the reply of Lord Wolse
ley. former commander in chief, to the
criticism of the former War Secretary,
Lord Lansdowne, now Secretary for For
eign Affairs. The galleries were full of
peeresses and others.
Britain's Former Command
er in Chief Replies to
Lansdowne.
CHARGES FALSE,
SAYS WOLSELEY
General Dewet repudiates the peace ne
potlations which are going on. He de
clares openly to the men that no terms
except Independence will satisfy him.
BLOEMFONTEIN, March 15.-Prisoners
wlro have lately been release^ by General
Dewet say they think he Is a madman.
They aver that the terrible fatlrues he
has undergone, his anxieties and his inten
sity of feeling have unhinged his mind.
Apart from this view of General Dewet's
mental state some of his peculiarities are
that he rarely sleeps within the bounds of
his camp. He seeks rest outside with a
few trusted followers. Thus the orderlies
of his subordinate commanders are fre
quently unable to find him to receive
orders. His secrecy is extreme. He abso
lutely imparts his pla.ns to no one. •
general French, th* dispatch adds, has
been detained by swollen drifts In the
Pietreiief district, but 13 now able to move
again.
A dis-patch from «"ape Town reports that
the Bcheeoen aiul Mlland commandos
have turned southward and are now
¦within forty miles of WUlowmore and
that the British are following them.
Weather Detains British.
A dispatch from Pretoria, after noting
General Dewet's arrival at Senekal,
Orange River Colony, says that though
he has only a pmall following, Dewet is
rearing a district where he is likely to
receive considerable reinforcements and
probably intends to pick up roving bands
of Republicans who are ever present in
the I>ornbergr and Korannaberg districts.
I>?wrt ha* reached Senekal on his northward
progTfi-f. French, in addition to his previous
sura'f-ssw, imports 4t> Boers killed or woundfd.
14*i taJcen Jrt"ison«Tis ;»r. 1 surren<ier<Hi. with 2*AI
riflcf, vTOQ rounds of ammunition, Z9H horces,
2;.iifi cattle and <00 wagons and cart*, besides
mule* and trek oxen. Methuen has arrived at
Var-renton from K iTkn-lorp. bringing in pris
oner* a«xi cattle. The weather Is wet, d»lay
lr.fr the movements of the columnj.
Iv)rd Kitchener's dispatch, which Is
dated at Pretoria last evening, reports as
follows:
Nor do General Frcnrh'f movements In
dicate a cessation of hostilities, although
possibly, as no date Is given, his captures
were made previous to the granting of an
.armistice. •
Evidence of Hostilities.
A dispatch from Lord Kitchener, Issued
this morning, i? so studiously silent upon
!>.<•• subject of the peace negotiations that
it leads to the conclusion that nothing
lias been accomplished of a sufficiently
definite character to justify lending- offi
cial support to tht view that the war is
over.
The War Office, acting on a dispatch
from Cape Town, will not land any more
trcojis there until the bubonic plague sub-
Fi<lr-s. The transports have been ordered
to disembark the troops at Kast London,
Fort Elizabeth and elsewhere. The plague
In South Africa is causing uneasiness in
Fouth African shipping circles here. A
dispatch from Cape Town says seven
fresh cases of bubonic plague, including
one European victim, were officially re
ported to-day. In consequence of the re
moval of the cases to a reservation out
ride the city, as a plague precaution, the
Malays held a mass meeting and resolved
to resist eviction, by force if necessary.
Jsovoral thousand now are here.
LONDON. March 16.— According to a
Times dispatch dated March 15. from
Kaalspruit. it is rumored that Generals
Botha, Delarey and Dewet will meet
March IS to discuss the situation.
lewet, Botha and Delarey
Will Confer About the
Situation.
BOERS TO TALK
OF SURRENDER
NEW YORK March i. 1301 —John fi. Kil
liriRs, director. New York I^iblic Library:
Our conference upon the needi= of the Greater
• 1ty of New York for I-ramh libraries to reach
th» masses of tho people in every district has
convinced me of the wisdom of your plan.
Fixty-nve branches strike ur.e at flm us a
very laiT« order, bu; ac other cities have lound
one necessary for every 60.000 or 70,000 popula
tion th«-n the ntimt'r is not overestimated.
You estimate Ihe cost of those libraries at
*fc.-.000. l>eins K.XO.0CO in all. U New York
TillI furnish sites for these branches for thi
benefit of the masses of the people as it has
«1< ne for \hr central library, and a!s=o asree
in caUstactfir* form to provide tor their main
tenance as built. I FhnulJ esteem it a rare
prlTUcse to I"? permitted to furnish the money
for tii»- building. S:,.2W. <jt>>. Sixty-five librarian
at one stroke probably- breaks the record, but
this is the day of bis operations and New
York is soon to be the biggest of citleF.
ANDREW CARNEGIE.
Secretary G. 1^. Rivers of the. Nov.- York
Pulilic Library Association wrote To
Mayor Van Wyck, submitting Mr. Carnc
gfe'a letter ns follows: -
\E'.V YORK. March 15. 1901. -Robert A. Van
TVy-k: Hy direction of the board of trustees
rf the New York Public Library, Aslor, Lenox
r.rA Til.leii foundations, I bare the honcr to
rr.r.d you herewith a copy of a letter which
we received from Andrew ("arnejle on tike
ir.th. the day of his sailing for Kurope. You
? ill observe that Mr. <"arr.epie offers to bear
the expense of building a number of branch
litraries at an estimated cost of $J,2M.OOO, pro
vided the citv will furnish the necessary land.
and provided satisfactory arrangements can
ho ma<1e for all these branches. There are no
other <pr.i2;t:ons.
I arr instructed that if the city authorities
W>k with favor on the general plan our board
of director* will hold itself la readiness to co
<rciate in every way possible in furthering the
The offer was ma<!e in a letter to Dr.
John S. Rillings. director of the New Yoik
Public Library, last Thursd;\y. The cor
respojidence in connection with the offc-r
•was made public to-night as follows
NEW YORK, March 15.— Andrew Car
negie, who, since retiring as an active fig
ure Jn the steel world, has been able to
devote his time exclusively to his oth»»r
passion— the founding' of libraries— h;is
made his departure for Europe this spring
memorable by the largest offer of that
kind ever advanced. If New York will
provide the sites and the maintenance he
has promised to give $5.200.(KW to establish
Sixty-fire branch libraries in this city.
ST. LOUIS, March 15.— Andrew Carne
gie has offered to donate $1,000,000 for the
building of a new public library in St.
Louis. The offer is similar to many oth
ers which Mr. Carnegie has made to cities
throughout the United States and abroad.
The conditions on which the Rift is to
be made are to be easily complied with
by th»> city of St. Ixiuls. Mr. Carnegie
asks thnt the city furnish an unincum
bcrcd site for the library, and that a
maintenance fund of $130,000 per year be
assured.
for a Public Library.
Carnsgis Offers Another Large Sum
MILLION FOR ST. LOUIS.
Jr>hn S. Billings sai.l to-day: "Mr. Car
negie's offer to provide library buildings
lor Greater New York at a cost of over
JS.OOO.uuu is made with his usual conditions.
If accepted it will result in the greatest
free public library system In the worlJ.
We may fairly infer that Mr. Carnegie's
idea is that the whole system should be
under cne management, that of the trus
tees of the Now York Public Library, but
this is not made one of his conditions. A3
to the question of sites, it is not improb
able that a considerable number could be
obtained without cost to the city through
gifts of public-spirited citizens.
"It Is of the greatest importance that
tho present buildings should be supple
mented by such a system of free libiarles
fis is proposed and the sooner work can
be commenced upon it the bettf-r for tho
people and for the municipality as a
whole. My estimate that it will take five
years to provide and equip all the build
ings necessary is probably a reasonable
or.e. but If the matter is taken up prompt
ly by iho municipal authorities it would
seem as if this time could be shortened.
No doubt' there are some rather difficult
questions as to details to be/ settled, but
there are a number of very competent
persons to settle them, and the interest of
the masses in every part of the eity I*
so great in seeing that full advantage is
taken of the opportunity now presented to
bring fro*- books, almost to the door of
every citizen that we feel assured that
prompt action will be taken."
»>rneficlal purposes which are the object of
Mr. Carnegie's munificent offer.
G. L. RIVES, Secretary.
INDIANAPOLIS, March 13.— The ar
rangements at the Harrison home for the
lying 1 in state to-morrow and the funeral
services Sunday were practically complet
ed to-day. The body was dressed late thi-3
afternoon and was then removed to the
front parlor, where it will lie until taken
to the State House. The body was dressed
in the customary black suit of Prince Al
bert cut, which General Harrison alwavs
wore. A simple plain black tie was used
and gold buttons adorn the shirt front.
The body reclines flat on the back. The
left hand Is folded ac:oss the breast, a
plain gold band ring being on the second
linger. The face of General Harrison is
composed and restful, although very
white, his illness having made no percept
ible change in his appearance.
The casket containing the body was
taken to the front parlor on the first floor
and placed directly in front of the fire
place on the south side of the room, the
head being toward the east. The mantel
above It was piled hirh with the floral
offerings of friends and admirers of the
dead statesman. Other floral designs
wet-e arranged about the room. -i:^s
The body was viewed by the friends at.d
family after It had been placed In the po
sition selected. Mrs. Harrison went into
the room alone and rrmalned for some
time there. The copper lining to the cas
ket will not be put in place until just
before It Is taken to tne church for the
funeral, when it will be hermetically
sealed. The casket wili be covered and
ready to be taken te tne State House by
10 a. m. to-morrow. The hearse In which
It will be conveyed and which will be used
on the day of the funcial has been draped
in black with American flags. It will be
drawn by four black horses.
On the return from the State House to
morrow night the casket will be placed
In the same position it now occupies,
where it will remain until time for the
funeral Sunday afternoon.
President McKlniey will arrive In this
city from Canton at 6:25 o'clock Sundav
morning and will be entertained at the
home of Governor Durbin during his stay
in the city. It is understood the Presi
dential partv will leave for "Washington
via Canton Sunday evening.
The Columbia Club and the leadinz ho
tels of the city are making extensive
arrangements for the entertainment of
distinguished visitors who will attend the
funeral. Charles Foster, Secretary of the
Treasury; General Benjamin P, Tracy.
Secretary of the Navy, and John Wana
maker, Postmaster General during: th«
Harrison administration, will arrive at
the Denison House early to-morrow morn
ing, whore rooms have been reserved for
them. Captain W. E. Meredith, chief of
the Bureau of Printing during the Harri
son administration, will arrive to-morrow.
L. T. Michener of Washington, D. C. who
was chairman of tho Republican State
Committee during Mr. Harrison's first
campaign for the Presidency, will be a
guest of the Columbia Club.
Numerous telegrams and messages ot
sympathy were received to-day by Mrs,.
Harrison and many friends called in per
son to offer condolences. Mrs. Harrison
saw only one or two intimate friends.
All of the relatives who are expected
to attend the funeral are now in the citv
except Lieutenant Commander and Mrs.
John F. Parker. They are on their way
from California, and are expected to
reach Indianapolis to-morrow afternoon
or evening. Carter B. Harrison, the sec
ond .brother, arrived 'from his home at
Murfreesboro. Tenn.. this morning.
The number of floral tributes sent to tha
house to-day -was greatly Increased. Late
this afternoon many of the flowers were
taken to the parlors, where the caskst
was.
Admiral George Brown, on behalf of the
Loyal Legion, sent a beautiful silk flatr
bearing the emblem of the legion, and It
will be placed over ihe casket. It will
not be removed until just as the b'ody Is
lowered into the grave. Numerous other
offerings of resr>ect were received to-day.
The list of active and .honorary pall
bearers who will officiate at the funeral
ceremonies of General Harrison waa an
nounced to-night. Among the honorary
pallbearers will be the members of Gen
eral H&rrison's Cabinet, 'who will attend.
The active pallbearers are A, I* Mason,
James Whltcomb RJley, Evans Wootten,
Harry J. Mllligan. Charles Gilford Ar
rack, 'William Bobbs, Harry 8. New,
Howard Cale. John L. Griffiths, Newton
Booth Tarkington, Hilton U. Brown and
Samuel Reid.
The honorary pallbearers ar« General
Benjamin F. Tracey of New York, John
Harrison's Memory Honored
by Admirers of the Dasd
Statesman.
FLORAL TRIBUTES
SENT BY FRIENDS
BOSTON. March 15.— Three lives sacri
ficed, nearly a dozen men more 05 less In
jured and many thousands of dollars of
damage were the results of a fierce fire In
the Dally Advertiser nnd Record seven
story granite-front builiing in Newspaper
Row to-night. The dead are:
JAMES RICHARDSON SR., proofread
er, of Boston.
JUDSON CRAFT, proofreader, of Cam
bridge.
WALTER LUSCOME. proofreader, of
Salem.
How the fire started la not known. It
waa first seen in the- press room, spread
to th<9 elevator v.-ell and darted to the top
so rapidly that before the occupants of
the two upper floors were aware that the
building was on fire their rooms were
filled with flamea and smoke.
In the editorial rooms, on the sixth
floor, there wero but five men. All had to
run for their lives. On tho upper floor, oc
cupied by tho composing rocm, were
eighteen compositors and proofreaders,
whose situation was most critical. Panic-
Proofreaders on a Boston Newspaper Perish
While Endeavoring to Escape From
a Fierce Fire.
THREE LIVES ARE LOST
IN A FLAMING BUILDING
M -
oiTfcken, they rushed for the windows
leading to the fire escapes, and all but
three of them succeeded In gaining the
roof of an adjoining building. Long lad
ders were rained as quickly as the net
work of eleccrie wires over the street
would permit, but before a ladder could
be placed in position the men had dropped
through a skylight In the building roof
and reached places of safety. Except In
the press room in the basement There was
practically no fire In the building below
the fifth story. No one was In the press
room at the time the fire started except
the fireman, who had not been seen up to
a late hour.'
It took three hours of work to extin
guish the fire. The three victims were suf
focated before they had time to reach the
tire escapes. Those who found the bodies
were obliged to jump several feet to th»
roof of the adjoining building, and in this
way quite a number of them sustained In
juries. Managing Editor Underwood says
that It is impossible to estimate the lo?»
until the actu-'l damage to tha presses is
ascertained.
Late to-night the loss was estimated at
JIGO.COO, with little insurance.
Wanamaker of Philadelphia, TV. H. II.
Miller, John W. >Toble and John W. Fos
ter, General I<ew Wallace. Judson Har
mon and William A. Woods of this city.
KANSAS HIGHWAYMEN
HOB A CAB .AT NIGHT
Motorman Is Shot in the Hand and
the Bandits Escape With Ten
Dollars.
WICHITA. Kan., March 15.—Highway
men held up a late College Hill car to
night and robbed it. They shot Motorman
Delph Hajrgart In the hand when he
looked out upon them. They secured only
$10 In money and, not satisfied with that,
took his watch. They Intended rnbMnj
the late opera-house car, but to-nighl it
was not running. There was no passen
ger on the car. There were three oj the
robbers, armed and masked.
Retired Steel King Offers to Establish a
Host Extraordinary System of
Public Libraries.
CARNEGIE TO DONATE FIVE
HILLI0N5 TO NEW YORK
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, 16, 1901.
United States flinister Has Not Been Subjected to Any
Criticism of an Official Nature.
VENEZUELA MAKES NO MOVE
TO QUARREL WITH UNCLE SAM
2
DR.MEYERS&CO.
.Specialists, Dis-
ease and "Weakness
of men. Kstab-
llshed 1S81. Consul-
tation and private
book free, at office
or by mail. Cures
guaranteed. TI51
Market street (ele-
v a t o r entrance),
San Francisco.
ADVEBTISEHENTS.
on Application.
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogues and Prlee Llste Mallal
COAL, COKE A.\D PIO IR3X
J-C WILSON SCO..
COPPERSMVTH.
T W SMITH Ship Plumblnr. Steamboat and
t- n« Mnlllli ship Work a specialty. 1* and
18 "Washlnaton at. Telepfaon* Mala Wl-
STATIONER AND PRINTER.
SM California piffTRMfiF Telegraph!*
Street. FAalfilUUl. Code*,
PK1NT1NO.
E- C> HUGHES. SU Sanaome at.. S. T.
PRINTERS. BOOKBINDERS.
THE HICKS- JUDD CO..
23 First Street. Baa Traadaoo.
OILS.
LUBRICATING OILS. LEONARD * KLLIS.
41S Front ft., S. F. Pbon« M*la ITU.
To Cure a Cold in One Day. .
Take Laxative Bromo-Qulnin* Tablets. 25c. •
FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
JAS. BOYES & CO. fSFf £%&?*!*
IBB E&Q Era Kn R*3 faSm MB 181 BE*O 0c9 K W-^%
MB hH eh k2 Li BBI UH ¦&¦ BBS wtsi Kfl w*i
~TFcvIS-but a few years- since Insurance Com-
i panies insisted on a chemical analysis of the fluids
j • of tho body of applicants desiring insurance m large'
; amounts. Now, every applicant must undergo such!
', examination, no matter how small the amount of!
- ¦ . ' insurance asked for The Insurance Companies have
learned wisdom by experience They know for "a certainty that'
the only sure way of detecting Bright'a disease* m its first stage is 1
by a chemical analysis and they govern themselves accordmjrlv Manv
'£?«f W !f?* ? r msurance and finding themselves rejected, are
dumfounded when told that they have kidnev disease Whv? Be
cause they^ look and feel well, suffer no pain, and have "a (rood
appetite But the unerring microscope in the hands of the mtelli
gent physutanvhas unrmstakably shown the beginning of the end ;
Kv. reP Sin2;,S f i h f v rea , kmg d ° Wn ° f the
f,l w PP I' takenlntIme ' there is a cure for kidnev dis-
ones, dependent through your own carelessness? 7°™ .-*
c^^^>^P^-mB^^ to proceed to mcu^.m. .Wutel,
Peculiar to Itseh
Bad Feelings in Spring— "In the
spring I was feeling very badly. My
blood was very poor. I began taking
Hood's Sarsaparilla. It did me much
good. I think it ia a wonderful spring
medicine and recommend it to all sick
and suffering." Ethel L. Bean, Eaton
Center, N. H.
Will give you a good appetite, purify
and enrich your blood, overcome that
tired feeling, give you mental and di-
gestive strength' and steady nerves.
Be sure to ask for HOOD'S, the
best medicine money can buy. It is
Hoods Sarsaparilla
There's no season when pood medi-
cine is so much needed as in spring, and
there's no medicine which does so much
good in spring 2s Hood's Sarsaparilla.
Do not delay takinjr it.
Don't put it off till your health tone
gets too low to be lifted.
Spnnq Medicine
r a
1 B 9k 9 ' *-**!'« * RAnd Waterproof
1 " I 3 nl %. Smokelns Powder. In bul*
Ib| 9U and loaded In shells. Send
DURl for catalogue of i^ortln?
Wll V roods. GEO. W. SHREVL.
733 Market st.
f&Ai Standard nmsty (or Gleet,^-v"
&J^a Gonorrhtst *nd Running* AimJl
IN 43 HOURS. Cures KM- ImlDY 1
ney and Bladder Troubles. X»^
t _. OrlcJaal aa 4 Omlj Gtmulm*.
?.2T» fc , r . iKH 0Bl *»»» TeaU»«aUl»
100,000 SAFE, SATISFIED
CYCLISTS LAST YEAR.
MORROW COASTER BRAKE.
SAFB. because their wheels were fltt-rl
with the MORROW COASTER BRAKE.
The whprl in always under control.
SATISFIED, because the MORROW
COASTER BRAKE did Just what we
claimed for It:
"RIDE K1KTT MTLE3. BTTT PEDAL
OXLT THIRTY-FIVE MIL.ES."
Rave your new twentieth century bicy-
cle fitted with it, or put It on your old
wheel. Fits any bicycle, and la ruaran- '
teed to Rive »atia faction. Booklet tree. ,
ECLIPSE MFO. CO.. Elmira. New York.
Stuart's Catarrh Tablets have been on
the market scarcely one year, yet they
have met with such popularity and suc-
cess 'that druggists everywhere In the
United States and Canada now have them
in stock and report a constantly increas-
ing demand for them.
The remarkable success of the new ca-
tarrh remedy. Stuart's Catarrh Tablets,
Is because it drives out of the system
through the natural channels the ca-
tarrhal poison, the serma of grip, bron-
chitis and consumption that causa th»
hawking, spitting- and gagging because
the excessive secretion is no longer sup-
plied when the blood Is made healthy
from the regular use of Stuart's Catarrh
Tablets.
The remedy Is in the form of largs 20-
graln lozenges, pleasant and palatable,
composed only of wholesome antiseptics
and so safe to use that little children us*
them with perfect safety and benefit if
the little one is suffering from colds,
croup or cough from any cause.
Inhalers, sprays, powders and douches
are all applied locally and give temporary
relief, often for only a few hours, and It
is doubtful if anything like a real cure of
catarrh was ever accomplished by the uso
of local applications.
Catarrh is a constitutional disease: it la
in the blood like rheumatism, and to euro
It requires an internal medicine to act
upon the blood to drive out the catarrhal
poison from the system entirely, and any
one can readily we that a salve or pow-
der or inhaler which simply clears off th*
mucous membrane of the nose and throat
can have no effect on the real cause of
catarrhal disease.
There are few troubles for which ther»
are so many remedies and so-called
"cures" as for catarrh, and it may b«
added there are few diseases so difficult
to really and permanently cure.
edies Are Unsuccessful.
The Reason So Many Catarrh Rem-
WHY SO MANY FAIL
ADVEBTISEMENT3."Writing tablets, papeteries a'nd ream
papers. Prices all right. The latest tints
and shapes Just received. Sanborn, Vail
& Co., 711 Market st. •
RICH STRIKE OF GOLD
STAMPEDES ABIZONIANS
Ore Said to Assay Thousands of Dol
lars to the Ton Is Found
Near Tombstone.
PHOENIX. Ariz.. March 15.— A rold
strike is reported from Gleeson, a HttJo
camp about twenty miles from Tomb
stone, that promises exciting develop
ments. The gold is found in a talc forma
tion, which Is paid to be literally filled
with the yellow metal. It Is eaid to assay
Into the thousands and some enthusiasts
claim a value of $5000 per ton for the be/st
portion of the ledge. The strike haa
caused a stampede of miners and prospec
tors in that direction and every availab'e
or promising claim has been located.
The find was made in the foothills about
a mile from Gleeson. A number of years
ago a party of prospectors made fortune*
drywashing In that vicinity and It Is be
lieved that th« ledge now uncovered fur
nished the rich placer gold then taken out.
The discovery was made on a forty-foot
shaft owned by three partners, whose
names were not learned. Several shafts
have since been started.
Santa Margarita Ranch Sold.
SAN JOSE, March 15.— The sale of the
famous Santa Margarita ranch In San
Luis Oblspo County by General P. W.
Murphy to Christian Rels of San Francis
co is announced here. There are 18.800
acres of land in the tract, and it is said
the consideration is $270,000. It Is one of
the finest cattle ranges in the southern
part of the State. Reis Brothers held' a
rrortgage of $220,000 against the place, and
they turn but $50,000 cash over to Murphy.
INSANE ANTICS ONLY
PART OF INITIATION
Palo Alto Breaks Up Fraternal Cere
monies by Making an
PALO ALTO. March 15.— An amusing
Incident occurred here last evening, In
which gome of the -students of the law
department at Stanford University fig
ured conspicuously. City Marshal Ram
sey was told that a crazy man had sta
tioned himself at the entrance to tha co
lege grounds. and was frightening passers
by. "When accosted by the city official tho
Intruder made no statement, but Insisted
upon his right to pace his beat in front of
the gate with a wooden gun upon his
shoulder. At the approach of a' pedestrian
the sentinel would come to a halt, p^rt
arms and make a low and humble bow.
Marshal Ramsey became convinced that
the young man was insane and waa
marching his prisoner to the lockup when
he was told that he nad interfered with
some of the Initiation ceremonies of one
of the Greek letter fraternities. The stu
dent proved to be "W. H. Thompson, one
of the brightest graduate students In the
law department, who was being pui
through a humiliating process prepara
tory to reception Into Phi Delta Phi, the
legal fraternity^ .
WEARY OF .LAW'S DELAY
HE ENTERS PENITENTIARY
Convicted Murderer Tires of the Ef
fort to Obtain a New Trial and
Goes to San Qucntin.
KESWICK. March 15.— After lying in the
County Jail more than a year seeking to
take advantage of the law's delay, John
Pendleton to-day volunteered to go to San
Quentin for a ten years' term. In Septem
ber, 1899, he shot and killed Jacob Randall,
a mail carrier at this place. He was found
guilty of murder in the second degree and
sentenced to ten years in ; prison. . For
more than a year he has been endeavoring
to obtain a new trial. Now he has ex
pressed, his- willingness ; to enter upon
prison life and be through with it as soon
as possible.
Oregon— Original— Charles H. "vVood
worth, Lafayette. $S; Ell Johnson. Inde
pendence, $6. Increase— James C. Conrad,
Flora, JS; Jesse Carey, Port Orford $10
Washington— Original widow— Martha E
Merrifleld. Everett, fS. War with Spain,
original— Edward R. Bartlett, Des Molnes,
$10.
These pension orders were Issued to
day: California— Original— Alfred Payne.
Jackson, 512; Walter S. Davla, Auburn $6-
Andrew Bechtel. Soldiers' Home, Los An
geles, $6. Original widows— Kate Kennedy
San Francisco. $8: Mary A» "Whitman'
Florin. $8; Louie Tanner, San Francisco'
$8. Original— Joseph H. Griffln, Soldiers'
Home, 1ms Angeles. $8: Obadlah E. Baker,
Kenwood,' $6; Henry Scherf, Oakland, $6.
Increase — Anton Mayer, "Veterans'. Home
Napa, $12.
"WASHINGTON, March 15.— Postofflce
Department orders are aa follows: Post
offlce established: "Washington — Connell
Franklin County, Charles A. Joyce, Post
master. Discontinued: "Washington— Ed
dyville. King County, mail to Maple Val
ley. Postmasters commissioned: Califor
nia— Morris H. Dorsey, Delano. Oregon—
Nada Moore. Ironside. "Washington— Ma
rr.ie E. Sperry, North Yaklma: Peter D
Harkness. Kverson. Appointed* "Wash
ington—W. T. Mitty. Bickleton. 'Klickitat
County, vice H. II. Flower, resigned: J A.
Theurer, Robe, Snohomlsh County, vice
R. A. Otto, resigned.
Of Interest to the Coast.
ond annual blossom fete to-day was a
grand success. - Two thousand persons. In
cluding a large delegation from San Fran
cisco and Oakland, visited the little vil
lage nestling in the southwestern foot
hills and enjoyed a drive among the blos
soming orchards. Cherries. apricots,
peaches and some prunes were in blossom
and the orchards were seas of white,
from which the sweetest breezes blew.
The day was an Ideal one and to many of
the visitors the siglit was a revelation.
The affair was under tho management of
the Saratoga Improvement Club.
Visitors Enjoy a Charming: Bide
Through Orchards in Full
Bloom.
SAN JOSE. March 15.— Saratoga's sec-
SARATOGA'S BLOSSOM
FETE A BIO SUCCESS
SAN RAFAEL, March 15.— One of the
boldest robberies that ever occurred In
this county took place at Tamalpais last
night when the stable and sex'eral houses
on James Hasbrouck's place were broken
Into and looted of their contents by two
thieves, who loaded the plunder into a
surrey they stole from the stable and
made their escape. The robbers, two In
number, drove to Tlburon, took the 6:40
o'clock boat this morning for San Fran
cisco and later went to Oakland. Ono
man Is medium-sized, about 40 years old
with a small sandy beard; the other Is
about 25 years old. The surrey was black,
two-seated, with a top.
Bold Bobbery at Tamalpais.
RIVERSIDE, March 15. — Oorge Ferral. a
recent arrival from Fresno, attempted it Icld*
this evening by swallowing wood alcohol.
Timely assistance saved his life, though he
Is not out of danger.
Special Dispatch to Th« Call.
VANCOUVER, B. C, March 15.-Twen
ty keepers and guards of the Provincial
Asylum for the Insane at New Westmin
ster have gone on strike. They constitute
nearly the entire force at the asylum,
which institution Is now running itself.
j while an attempt is being made by the
few members of the staff, who have not
refused to work longer for the Govern
ment, to keep the inmates In restraint.
Two dangerous lunatics escaped this aft
ernoon and for a time the town ¦was in
terror. To-night the patients were all
safely housed again and public attention
is turned to the grievances of the officials.
/ The asylum contains KO patients, there
being one keeper or guard to each ten in
mates. A Government investigation Into
the affairs of the asylum waa recently
held and the management was severely
criticized. As a result. Dr. Bodington, the
medical superintendent, resigned and his
assistant, Dr. Manchester, was appointed
in his place.
Manchester's first act was to reduce ex
penses, and he dismissed four guards.
T.ie officials held many meetings, passed
resolutions of protest and llnally formsO
themselves into a Lunatics' Guard Union
and defied the new management of the
asylum. The union asks for Increased
wages. Xot one man will go back to work
unless all are reinstated and there the
matter stands. An attempt will be made
to-morrow to impress the police force into
service.
Excitement ran high when the lunatics
began to escape this afternoon. Michael
Farquarsen, a Hungarian, who committed
murder while insane, started down town,
scaring everybody in his path. He chased
several women and threatened to kill
some children who were coming from
school. Then he went to the office of the
Brunett sawmill and inquired for the late
manager, who died two years ago. A
trembling clerk, who was alone at the
time, replied that the man he sought could
not be found. The Insane man then told
the rlcrk to prepare for death, as he in
tend :d to kill him quickly. The clerk man
aged to reach the telephone and kept the
lunatic at bay until help arrived. It re
quired the combined efforts of five men to
take the lunatic back to the asylum.
The second escaped patient was found
with less difficulty.
All the women and children of the town
shut themselves up In their homes th'a
evening. With the small guard at ths
asylum there Is danger that half the pa
tients will escape..
MR. \McKINXEY:S ylTINEK^RY.
Have Charge.
Henry T. Scott of San Francisco Will
SACRAMENTO. March 15.— The Joint
legislative committee which is to receive
President McKinley upon his arrival in
California next May held a" meeting to
right at ¦which a telegram from Robert
Cortelyou, private secretary to the Presi
dent, was read. The telegram expressed
the thanks of the President for the cour
tesy extended by the Legislature, stated
that Henry T. Scott of San Francisco will
have charge of the executive's itlnerary
and advised that Scott be consulted with
reference to the executive's movements.
i.EW HIGHWAY COMMISSIONER.
Governor Announces Appointment of
Nathaniel Ellery.
SACRAMENTO. March 15.— Governor
Gage to-night pent to the Senate a mes
sage announcing the appointment of Na
thaniel Ellery of Huraboldt County as
Highway Commissioner, to succeed J. L.
Maude, term expired.
The message further announced ap
pointments to various offices, made since 1
•the last session of the Legislature, all of/
(which were approved.
• *- — *
Clerk Boot Out of Luck.
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO. March 15.— The Senate bill au
thorizing the Clerk of the Supreme Court
to employ a stenographer at $300 a year
was refused passage in the Assembly to
night by thirty-five ayes to eighteen noes.
This Is the second of Clerk Root's bills
that has been killed, the other being one
appropriating $11,000 for additional furnish
ing of the clerk's office, with no provision
for approval of the expenditure by the
State Board of Examiners.
Sheep License Bill Defeated.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO. March 15.— Schillig's bill to re
strict the powers of Supervisors in the
licensing of sheep came up In the Senate
this evening and was given the heavy
hand. It was beaten by a vote of 15 3 yes
to 19 noes. The bill provides that Super
visors may not charge a license of more
than 4 cents a head on sheep, and that
the license cannot be collected In more
than one county.
Adjournment on Saturday.
CALL, HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO. March 15. — The Senate ha»
clinched the matter of adjournment by
adopting the. Assembly concurrent resaiu
tion which provides for the closing of tho
session at 12 o'clock Saturday night,
March 16. and which further provides that
no bills shall be passed after 12 o'clock
Opposes Popular Vote.
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MEXTO. March 15.— In the Senate to-day
the Aesembly Joint resolution calling for
the election of United States Senators by
popular vote was defeated.
VETOES ANTI-SLAVERY BLLI,.
Governor Gage Objects to One of the
Knowland Measures.
CALL HEADQl'AHTERS. SACRA
MEMO. March 13.— Among the Gover
nor's messages to-day was one vetoing 1
Knowland's Assembly bill 7£>. providing
for temporary guardianship cf minors.
This b'll was framed at the instance of
the Chinese missions of San Francisco to
ihve them power to retain possession of
Chinese sla-ve tnr!s until permanent guar
dianship was obtained. The Governor
giv^s as his reason Tor the veto the fact
That it is amendator^ to section 1747 cf
the Code of Civil Procedure, which section
:f also amended by the code revision bill.
rnmmittee substitute for Senate bill 13S.
Th^re Is no good reason In the Governor's
opinion why further amendment should
be made.
A« the code revision bill In no way tr>s
to accomplish the result aimed at In
Knowland's bill, those whn feel an inter
est in the suppression of Chinese slavery
are not likely to receive the veto with
?TTjar.imity. The other Chinese slaverv
bill was given the Governor's approval.
Special Dispatch to The CalL
KESWICK, March 15.— Two mountain
lions were killed by Miss Ella Dodge on
"Wednesday. Miss Dodge is but 18 years
of age and lives a few miles from Can
ville. She has been familiar with moun
tain life from infancy and is an expert
with rifle or fishing rod.
While hunting for strayed cows Miss
Dodge discovered two lions, a male and a
female, feasting on the carcass of a calf.
She had her rifle with her, as Is her In
variable custom when out for a tramp.
Her first shot brought down the male, a
beautiful animal measuring eight feet
from tip to tip. The female started to
run, but a second shot brought her down.
Miss Dodge thinks nothing of the ex
ploit, yet it Is talked about with a great
deal of pride by the neighbors.
SENTENCED TO JAIL
FOB CHrLIX-BEATINa
the Maximum Penalty From a
Seattle Judge.
John Arlington and His "Wife Bsceive
SEATTLE. March 15.— -John and Mary
Arlington, the two chlld-beaters, will ex
piate their crimes in the County Jail,
Judge Emery having sentenced them this
morning to on© year and ten months* im
prisonment respectively, the maximum
limit, for their brutal treatment of their
wards, Liza and Fredle Hall.
When court opened this morning: tho
room was crowded with spectators A«
soon as the complaint had been read both
pleaded guilty. Mrs. Arlington entered an
impassioned plea for mercy, couched it,
language that would have done credit to
any lawyer. Spectators wondered at the
crime of this woman, who spoke with per
fect grammatical accuracy and whose
language was carefully chosen. At onu
time she must have been a refined woman.
Trinity County Miss Proves
Herself an Adept With
a Rifle.
GIRL KILLS TWO
MOUNTAIN LIONS
BY-PLAY IN THE ASSEMBLY.
fore It Is Put to Death.
Girls' Reformatory Bill Tortured Be-
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MEXTO. March 15.— The Senate bill car
rying an appropriation for the establish
ment of a girls' reform school at San Ja
cinto. in Riverside County, to which the
girls at the Whittler State School were to
be removed, was killed in the Assembly
thls afternoon after an hour of amusing
by-play, in which Savage and Clarke were
made the victims of a huge legislative
joke.
Savage spoke in excited opposition to
the bill and offered numerous amendments
designed to kill it. all of which were voted
down by a tornado of noes. Clarke of
fered an amendment changing the loca
tion of the school to Ventura County.
This was adopted by a large majority,
wherefore Clarke was Jubilant and Sav
age was still downcast. Then Dunlap
moved to strike out the enacting clause.
The motion prevailed by an affirmative
vote that made tho chandeliers rattle and
a shout of laughter greeted the death of
the bill.
Leave the New Westminster
Hospital to Run
Itself.
PETALUMA. March 13.— The cor
nerstone of the new Congrega
tional church was laid here to
day in the presence of several
hundred church members and
townspeople. The services included a
statement by Pastor Dr. J. H. Godell and
an address by Rev. J. K. Harrison. State
missionary for the Congregational church.
Special music by an augmented choir was
rendered.
Deacon A. B. Case placed the stone in
position. The invocation was by Rev. Eli
Fisher of the Petaluma Christian church.
Rev. F. A. Houston of the Petaluma Bap
tiFt church read from the Scriptures.
The ceremony took place in the half-
ASYLUM GUARDS
GO ON STRIKE
finished church. The stone 'rests In the
center of the front wall. In a copper re
ceptacle placed in the hollow of the stone
were deposited the names of the church
members and the subscribers to the build
ing: fund; a picture of the old church, cop
ies of the denominational paper. Petaluma
papers and San Francisco Calls contain
ing accounts of the deaths of Queen Vic
toria and ex-President Harrison.
The new church will cost complete $10.
000. It will contain a main auditorium
chapel, parlors, kitchen and dressing
rooms for ladies and gentlemen. It is a
handsome structure and stands on the
site of the old church. It will be fitted
with stained glass windows, opera chairs
and new furniture throughout A par
sonage will be built.
PETALUMA'S NEW CONGREGATIONAL CHURCH AS IT WILL APPEAR
WHEN COMPLETED. THE CORNER-STONE OF THE EDIFICE HAS
JUST BEEX LAID WITH APPROPRIATE CEREMONY.
Special Dispatch to Tho Call.
SACRAMEXTO. March 13.— Governor
Gage to-day approved Senator Luken's
bill making a continuous appropriation
of $100,000 annually for the support of the
State University. Other bills approved
are as follows:
By Cavacnaro— Amending section 305 of the
Civil Code relating- to corporations. - «
By Chandler— Amendinz section 1670 of the
Political Code relating to high schools.
By Cavagnaro— Amending section 290 of the
Civil Code relating to articles of incorporation.
By Selvage— Amending section 1240 of the
Code of Civil Procedure relating to eminent
domain.
• By Cutter— Making Secramento and Tolo
counties a district agricultural society.
By Laird— Regulating the practice of phar
macy.
The Governor has vetoed the commit
tee bill, making slander a misdemeanor,
on account of a mistake In the numbering
of the section of the Penal Code it re
lates to.
Corlett's bill, appropriating 55000 for the
purpose of additional land for the Vet
erans' Home, Yountvllle, Is disapproved
on the ground that it is not necessary.
Belshaw's bill, appropriating J304I175 to
pay the claim of Marin County for costs
of trials of prisoners confined In San
Quentln prison. Is. vetoed because the
claim was not submitted to the! Board of
Examiners for approval.
The several vetoes were sustained by
the Senate.
Bills Successful in Senate.
The Senate this afternoon passed Nutt's
bill, introduced this morning under sus
pension of the constitution, authorizing:
those holding' coyote scalp claims to sue
the State. An appropriation of $5000 Is
made for the defense in the suits, which
is provided for in the general appropria
tion bill.
I^alrd's Senate bill, creating: the office
of Game Warden, passed under suspen
sion of the constitution.
The Senate passed the following bills
to-day:
By Xelson — Adding a new section to the
Penal Code relating to discharging or deposit
ing: coal tar and similar products In any of
the navigable streams of the State.
By Kincaid — Relating to the character of evi
dence In a trial for selling or furnishing lat
ter;- tickets.
By Ralston— Prohibiting the adulteration of
foods and food products.
By Laird— Appropriating J1200 for the Forty
third Agricultural District.
Passed by the Assembly.
The Assembly passed the following bills
to-day:
By Devlin — Relative to the Issuance and re
funding of bonded Indebtedness of & county
for road purposes.
- By Bauer— Relating to the Issue of teachers'
certificates.
By James— Relative to admission to the prac
tice of «uw.
By Stewart of Amador — Relative to commit
ment to the Whlttler School.
By Levinson— Relating to county boards of
horticulture.
By Ashe — To prevent public administrators
employing special counsel without an order of
court. (Reconsidered).
By Collins — Appropriating $25,000 for the Nor
mal School at Chlco.
By Macbeth— Amending the act establishing
the teachers" annuity fund.
By Chandler — To compel the plugging or
capping of 'water-producing wells In oil dis
tricts.- :¦-- ~- ' ¦
. By Greer— Appropriating $3000 to pay the
claim of C. B. Lightfoot.
By McWade — Providing for tha appointment
of matrons for jails in counties of the first,
second, third and fourth classes.
By nalston— Authorizing the Governor to
commission as policemen employes of railroad
trains and steamboats and clothing them with
the authority of peace officers.
By Stewart — Allowing Irrigation districts to
compromise their Indebtedness on final disso
lution.
By Davis— Providing fcr restoration to ca
pacity of persons adjudged to be insane and
who have no guardians and are not confined In
State hospitals.
By Davis — Defining a miner's Inch of water.
By Webber— Appropriating J1T7 20 to pay the
claim of Theodore A. Bell of Xapa.
By Cutter — Empowering Boards of Super
visors to declare legal holidays, to meet the
provisions of the primary election bill.
By Tyrrell of San Francisco— Maklnr It a
misdemeanor for an employer to pay an em
ploye his salary while In a saloon or gambling
resort. •
By Devlin — DIrectlnr County Clerks to fur
nish city authorities with registers of voter*.
By Welch— Amending the act relating to tho
teachers' annuity fund.
By Luchslnfter— Amending the law relating
to pilot commissioners. . y
By Devlin — Enlarging th« powers of directors
of lrrl cation districts.
By Davis— Amending section 455 of tho Penal
Code relating to arson.
By Burnett— Providing: for the payment of
the fees due trial Jurors In the Superior Courts
of San Francisco.
By Tyrrell of Nevada — Chanylng and perma
nently locating the boundary line between
Butte and Pluraas counties.
Governor Vetoes Belsha\v ? s Bill Pro
viding 1 for the Payment of
Matin's Claim Against
\ the State.
Continuous Appropriation for
the University Is
Approved.
FATE OF BILLS
IN GAGE'S HANDS
Special Dlspatcfa to The Call
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO. March 13.— The caucus agree
ment on the reapportionment bill was sus
tained in tho Assembly to-day, but not
until after Johnson had made his last ef
fort to overturn it. In spite of his oppo
sition, the report of the free conference
committee was sustained by a vote of 4S
ajos to 19 noes. The Assembly by this
action receded from its amendments to
the Senate bill, accepting the Senate's ap
portionment of Assembly districts. John
son said in opposition that he did not feel
bound by the action of a caucus which
had adopted no resolution pledging those
participating to support the agreement
reached.
"Further than that," Johnson paid. "It
seemed to me that a third of the members
came fresh from another caucus where It
was decided what should be done."
Johnson's reference was to* the combina
tion by which Assemblyman Higby of San
Benito and some of his friends "and the
friends of Senator Flint. Including Rad
elifT. Anderson of Solano. Anderson of
Santa Clara, Walker. Wright and others
agreed to support the Curtin franchise as
sessment bill in return for the support of
the friends of that measure for the Sen
ate apportionment scheme. Johnson ar-
Bued that tho apportionment bill, ignor
ing population as it did. would be held to
be unconstitutional. There was no fur
ther debate and the report of the free
conference committee was adopted bv
what was practically a party vote.
Despite Johnson's Objections the Frse
Conference Committee's Report
Is Adopted by a Big
Majority.
Lower Home Sustains the
Agreement Resched in
Caucus.
APPORTIONMENT
CONTEST ENDS
Friends of the Corporations Save
Themselves From Defeat by
Trading on Appor
tionment.
Ppeclal Ditpateh to The Call
OAIvT^ HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO. March 15.— It took another strug
pl<» In the Assembly to-day to save the
Curtin franchise assessment bill. On
motion to reconFider. the foes of this little
un<5erFtr>od measuTc mustered almost
strength enough to win the day, but
though they outnumbered the friends of
the bill by fix fhey lacked four of having:
enough votes to carry the motion to re
consider.
A "bus." la the form of one of the
amendments adopted on Wednesday,
alienated a number of the friends of the
bill, but a. combination on the apportion
ment scheme of the Senate won enough
more to maintain supremacy. The amend
ment which aroused antagonism was that
which provided that the full cash value
of ail ncn-assessable property held by a
corporation, as well as the full cash value
of a!l property assessed to it. shall be sub
irac-.rd from tlie full cash value of its
entire capital stock to determine the
assessable value of its franchise. John
eor.. Cowan. Dur.lap. Myers. Sheridan and
other* pointed out that this meant an im
muse advantage to banks and other cor
porations that have large holdings in Gov
ernment bonds cr other non-assessable
property. Myers made a strong argument
afrainst the bill, independent of the
amendment in question. He denounced it
as a measure drawn in the interests of the
corporations as against those of the peo
ple.
There was a. call of the House, in the
midst of ¦which the hour for the noon re
cess arrived, and Speaker Peniileton Ig
nored the lesson he had learned a few
days a^o in parliamentary rules, and de
clared recess. In consequence all efforts
Co persuade members to break away from
the influences which held them in line for
the bill were negatived, and when at 2
o'clock proceedings were resumed the op
ponents of the bill grave up the fight. The
motion to .reconsider had thirty-seven ayes
as ajrain^t thirty-one noes, forty-one ayes
being necessary
The amended bill would have been reeon-
Bblered and defeated except for a com
bination rntcred into last night by which
wmf •Mg-ht or ten members tieii them
selves up tn vote acainst reconsideration;
!n trad* for the support of the like con
tingent for tho San Benito apportionment
scheirp. That fact alienated some of the
men. like Johnson, who objected to "bow
ir.gr the knee" to the Senate, but not
enough vtrre gained by the other side to
offset its losses through the combination.
The amended bill v.as reported back to the
(Senate and after a test debate, in which
Ouriin fouirht for the bill as returned, the
action of the Assembly was concurred in
ar.d the bill went to the Governor.
Only Four Assembly Votes
Lacking on a Motion
to Reconsider.
ASSESSMENT BILL
HAS CLOSE CALL
PETALUMA CONGREGATION
DEDICATES N EW CH URCH
Cornerstone Is Laid of a Modern House of
Worship Now Nearing Completion.
Board of Trade for Sonoma.
SONOMA. March 13.— A Board of Trad*
was organized In this place last night
with a membership of fifty. Dr. A. E. Os !
borne, superintendent of the California
Home for Feeble-minded, was elected
president. He will appoint a managing
board of fourteen members at the next
meeting.
Free library for Napa.
NAPA. March 13.— George E. Goodman,
head of the James. H. Goodman Company
Bank, announces hij purpose of erectlnz
» free public library building in Naca_ to
cost J13.0CO or JS0.0W.
Mexico's President Soon "Will Return
DIAZ RECOVERS HEAXTH.
to the Capital.
LOS ANGELES. March 15.— <3. Andrade,
Mexican Consul at Los Angeles, has re
ceived the following telegram from the
Mexican Secretary of State in regard to
the health of President Diaz:
CITY OF MEXICO, March 14.— Mexican Con
eul, Los Angeles: President was sick with
rheumatism and * afterward with stomach
trouble, but he is now entirely recovered and
wtll ¦ return to the ¦ capital In • the next fen
dayi. - MARISCAL.
Special Dispatch to T>.« Call.
SAN JOSE. March 13.— The vigilance of
the police and the wholesale arrest of
highbinders last night prevented a con
tinuance of hostilities between the Hip
Sing and the Bow On? tongs In Chinatown
to-day. Since the killing of Wing Lee yes
terday afternoon eighteen highbinders
have been arrested, and of this number
sixteen will be charged with murder. A
general exodus of highbinders has taken
place.
Fong Ling, the leader of the Hip Sins
Torn?. Is the man .whom the rival tons
wanted to kill, but It Is said this wily
Oriental kept "in the shade" and through
Influence with certain- members of the Bow
Or>g Tong sacrificed his cousin. Wing Lee.
to appeaae the head hunters for a time.
Feng has fomented most of the trouble
in Chinatown, and Just before each fight
causes himself to be locked up in tha
County Jail for protection.
There has been a wholesale rush for
warrants in the Justice Courts by mem
bers of the two warring tongs to-day. Ah
Look, Lum Hin, Ah Sing and Hlng Sam
have been charged with the murder of
Winsr Lee and all the others arrested have
been charged with minor offenses, which
probably will be substituted by more seri-
The murdered man's body was literally
riddled with bullets. An examination to
day showed twenty-three wounds.
Leon Poon. the leader of the Bow Ongrs.
has been charged with murder. Other ar
rests of prominent Chinese are to follow.
It is certain that some of the Chinese that
were wounded by tne officers yesterday
escaped. Three of the wounded have been
arrested, and - one man shot in the neck
by Policeman Hughes has not yet been
captured.
An Inquest upon the remains of "Wins
Lee was held this afternoon. The Coro
ner's Jury brought in two verdicts. One
was signed by a single Juror, who found
that the murdered man waa killed by Lam
Hen and others, and the rest found that
death resulted from gunshot wounds at
the hands of unknown persons.
Officials of San Jose Make
Wholesale Arrests
of Chinese.
CHECKING WAR
OF THE TONGS
Special Dispatch to The Can.
LOS ANGELES. March 15.— When the
citrus fruit shipping season opened in No
vember the crop In sight was the greatest
ever known in Southern California, the
railroad officials estimating: it at from
22,000 to 25,000 carloads. "Whon the officials
were questioned they gave assurances
that they realized the magnitude of the
task which was before them in transport
ing the fruit to the Eastern markets.
Growers and shippers ttust«d to them to
rise to the emergency and save the crops.
In this they have been cadly disappointed.
Not only have the railroads kept the ship
pers from .obtaining cars when wanted
but, when the cars were once loaded, they
have been left to stand, days at. a time,
on the desert sidetracks of Southern Cali
fornia and -Arizona, where ventilation was
Impossible and where rhe fruit went down
under the heat until it became a mass of
rot.
The markets of the East, flooded with
decayed fruit, have broken under the
strain and. for days the total receipts at
Eastern auction houses have not been suf
ficient to pay the toll freights on the fruit
sold.
There are in Southern California at the
present time from 3.000,000 to 4.000,000 boxci
of oranges. On a conservative estimate
the fruit ought to be worth not less than
$5,000,000. Under the present delay in
transit, however. It is questionable
whether that magnificent body -of fru:t
represents any value. As It is now being
marketed it stands not only as a compara
tive loss to the growers or shippers, but
in addition to the fruit all expenses of
harvesting, packing and loading r.re a
dead loss.
There Is no remedy in sight. Tha ship
pers are beginning to send out their fruit
under refrigeration, but unless there, can
be a restoration of prompt movement of
cars when loaded icing wtil not save them.
Meanwhile the growers and shippers of
oranges through all portions of. Southern
California are getting no assurances that
the evil Is to end. Denials of the allega
tions of car shortage have little balm for
shippers who have beau and are still be
ing denied cars.
Dire Effect of tha Shortage
of Fruit, Cars in the
South.
SPLENDID CROP
GOES TO WASTE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, MARCH, 16, 1901.
3
I Expert Opinion Unanimous I
gh£ IH DECZARIXQ &}
I Mun^adi ?f ii@s i
(|) THE SAFEST AND BEST NATURAL LAXATIVE WATER KNOWN. ||
(¥) Senator Professor Paul Mantegazza, Florence, Italy, writes- fifl
/5ft "Hnnyadl Janos Is certainly the best aperient water, seeing that a dose of from ]§[
jgv one-half. to a glassful secures an Immediate and' painless eradiation. Vlrcnotr de- w
tyg scribed It as 'most Taloable,' and the foremost clinical physicians of Germany £*\
£gv bare employed It with the greatest success." • • ]><[
@ For Constipation, Biliousness &Torpid Liver ® .
')»¦ ; A SI 1/ for thc fall Name, C I /I r> CT I is Btoe, wun §?
§| (X O IV "Hanyadl- Janos." $ L/\ D E, L, f a Jci. eiltre ®
t Cured While
You Sleep
In Fifteen Days
•Gran-Sol»*nl"dl««<olT*« Stricture Ilk* mow I*,
neatti (Im! ten. reduce* Knlaryed Prostate ao«
rre nrtben» the Seminal Oucts. flopping Drain* mad
CmiMt'.or.s In rift*-en IHit».
>>o tfmjrt to ni!n the stomach, but* olrect local
«.no ooj>;0tp spp'lcaUon to the entire nr^thral tract
<* run -So vent U not a llQeld. It is prepared la
the form of Crayons or Pencils, tmooib ana flexl&l*
ij.il so carrow as u> pass the closest Mriciuro.
Evtry Mzn Should Know Himself.
Tbf Bu James A«*n- Box (CM. Cincinnati. O- bm*
¦rrpared at trrmU expen*e an exhaust- pnppl
W«* tlluittraied TreattM upon the mile LULL
KTktrra. wbicti tb<v will head to «ny f f| I T_ ,
dale am>!iranu ¦ ••*¦¦•¦
sT jAMFx AC^V 2oO ELM ST.,
Sf. JA^IED Aiifi., Cincinnati, O:ilo.
Dr. Pierre's Ccxnmocx Sense Medical
Adviser, containing looS pages, and over
700 illustrations, is sent tiee on receipt
of stamp* to defray expense of mailing
only. Send 21 one-cent stamps for the
book in paper cover, or 31 cents for the
bock in clcth binding. Address Dr. R.
V. Pierce, Buffalo, N. Y.
- 1 W.n forever thank l/% ERI B
To-j tor advir.sg mz Ji**! EEi fill
to Uke Dr. Pierce's J\S fej ++ v\
Go'.(i«i Medical Dil- S J f*J //
cOTerr," writes Mrs. *^^ I*) 4 '
fames Murphy, of \^/ '
Fonda, Pocah'oalaa
Co.. Iowa. * It has cured me of chronic scrofula
of twelre yean' etandlnj. I ftlso bad <?hronlc
iiirrhe* for txrelre year*. I am in good health
sow — better than I rrer vu in my life, owinR
to Dr. Pierces Golden Medical Discovery. I
took ecTcral bottles of the 'Discovery' before
I stopped."
J£aow that in spite of hard •work in the
dear forest air the blood often becomes
impure. The heavy food served in the
lumber camps is to a great extent re-
Sonsible for this condition of the
ood, which render* the body an easy
prey to many forms of disease.
There is no better
blood purifier than I
Dr. Plerce's Gold- v^=^Sn.
en Medical Biscov- -^^^ j^^^^k
cry. It cures ernp- . • •*¦» /' |
tions, pimples, ec- |[ \ ) .1
re ma, scrofula, ' /P&$X I V
rhetsnatiKn, and gSj fagS 1 V
other diseases jr K»— «^fl*l i
cansed by an im- rfi SN I
tr^re condition of l$&sb^J^^ ; il
the blood. It Cures &*%¥*£ J \
abaoldelv and al- r *&Zf t
together by cleans- (w T &7 h
irg the blood f ran J^*~-^J
the poisons which """^ y. \
breed and feed dis- I \ I '
Accept no scb- l^^Ma
nitut';iorthe''I>is- \la3 hUSt '¦
coverv." There is fm ' i\
no other medicine && %*& j3
" just as voo6. " for [d& W& &\
ADVERTISEMENTS.
I have determined on Paine's Celery Com-
pound as my family remedy from now on.
E. C. MACHEN'.
As the pioneer of a new system of rail-
road building in the South. Machen knows
what it is to live under intense nervous
strain. His Jov at finding in Paine's Cel-
ery Compound a reliable means of restor-
ing his nervous energy is shown in every
line of his letter to the proprietors of this
great remedy.
"When thousands of men and women in
every walk of life, from the humblest to
the most famous and honored, voluntarily
go out of their way to tell others the great
good Paine's Celery Compound has done
them; when the ablest physicians and tho
best informed pharmacists not only pre-
scribe and recommend, but themselves
use and find health In Paine's Celery Com-
pound, the present great demand for the
spring remedy is not to be wondered at.
Paine's Celery Compound Is the. one real
spring remedy known to-day that never
falls to benefit. It cures diseases due to
nervous weakness or a bad state of tha
blood. The most wideawake. Intelligent
part of every community In this country
are among- its most enthusiastic vouchers
and lndorsers.
The agreement of opinion among the
best informed, most observant class of
people. In the well-to-do homes of our
largest cities, as well as in the more fru-
gal town communities, places Paine's Cel-
ery Compound far In advance of any
spring remedy.
It is, In fact, the only spring remedy
ever heard of in the homes of practicing
nhvsicians.
Machen Is one of the makers of the new
South. He has changed the map of Cen-
tral Georgia. Flourishing towns have
sprung up along the railroad lines he has
developed.
Hon. Clark Howell, In an editorial In the
Atlanta Constitution, said of him: To the
people of Georgia Machen Is known prin-
cipally by the roads he has built in the
South. He has brought all Georgia with-
in hand-reach cf Atlanta. He Is a public
benefactor.
While at work on the Covlngton and
Macon Railroad Machen's health failed.
After much useless expenditure of time
and money he was Induced by a friend
¦who had been cured of nervous prostra-
tion to try Paine's Celery Compound.
That the remedy waa a revelation to him
no one can doubt who reads Machen's
letter:
S9 Wall St.. New Tork.
Jan. 20. 1S9S.
"Wells, Richardson & Co.,
Burlington. Vt.
Gentlemen: I spent many thousands of
dollars. Including eight months abroad,
for nervous prostration, and then found
Paine's Celery Compound the remedy I
ought to have taken at first. Doctors peri-
odically tinkered at and patched me up so
that my nerve's would hold together for a
short while, seemingly just long enough
for my bank account to get a respite.
However, your medicine has eide-tracked
the doctors. My nerves don't seem to re-
quire any rest, and I am In such good
spirits these days It doesn't matter much
•whether I have any bank account or not.
GEORGIA OWES ITS
RAILROADS TO HIM.
Paine's Celery Compound Was a Rev=
elation to E, C Machen.
PAIUE'S CELERY COMPOUND.PROMINENT UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA ATHLETES NOW IN TRAINING FOR THE COMING FIELD DATS.
SERVICE, THE CENTRAL. FIGURE, IS THE LONG-DISTANCE MAN. ASBIL AND CHEEK, MEN OF PROM
ISE, ARE PRACTICING A JOINT START. BROWN IS ON HIS MARK.
A man should never attempt to -shoot
off his mouth unless his brain Is properly
loaded.
This morning: at 8:30 the members of ths
San Mateo Hunt Club will breakfast at
Moormeada. Fair Oaks, on the invitation
of J. J. Moore. On Wednesday. March 20,
the rendezvous will be Poor Farm Gatf.
on the Spanish Town roart. at 8:30 In tha
morning. Next Saturday, March 23, tha
meet will bo at Tanforan Park. San Bru
no, at 3 o'clock In the afternoon. .
FOLLOWING THE HOUNDS
Sixth race. on« mtt> and a sixteenth, sellln?
—Slasher won. Blltheful second. Kxcelsis third.
Time, 1:49^4.
Fourth race, one mile, handicap— Andes won.
Dlssnlute »<»con<l. Thurles third. Time 1:UH-
Fifth race, seven furlon*". srlllnir— Sim Xt
won. Momentum second, Laureata third. Time
l:S0.
First race, »lx and a half farlonKS—Radtant
Heat won. Masterful iecond. - St. Bluff third.
Time. 1:24.
Second race, tix furlongs— Cherries ¦won. Dor
othy Lee second. Janewood third. Time. 1:15.
Third rare, one mllo and seventy yards m!1«
Ing— Trebor won.* Locust Blossom aecondl lied
Pirate third. Time. 1:43.
NEW OM.EAN3. March «.— Ttesulta:
RACES AT NEVV ORLEANS
At the annual meeting of the Alameda
Cricket Club Edward Brown was elected
president and Henry Ward secretary and
treasurer for the coming twelve months.
R. B. Hogue and J. J. Moriarty were
chosen as delegates to the California
Cricket Association. Th» ground commit
tee consists of Harold Ward. W. G. Fort
mann and one other. The executive com
mittee, which also selects the teams to
represent the club in matches, is made up
of It. B. Hogue, J. J. Moriartv and Henry
Ward The captain will be elected at the
first match played for th» pennant during
1901. No arrangement b have yet been
man© with regard to the ground to be
xiKed for practice and pennant matches
during the coming season, but these will
be discussed at the adjourned meeting of
the California Cricket Association to be
held at th«» Occidental Hotel on Monday
evening. March IS.
Harold Ward of th*> Alanxeda Cricket
Club and H. C. Casidy of the Pacific
Cricket <7!ub have been appointed a com
mittee- to audit tha accounts of the Becre
tary and treasurer of the California.
* Cricket Association for the past year. .
CRICKETERS MEET.
A return match will be played between
ex-Alderman James Dunn and A. Hamp
ton, and J. C. Nealon and R. LJnehan.
The pames of the tournament which will
be played to-morrow afternoon are: A.
Collins vs. A. McVlckcr; T. Clements vs.
W. Jacobs; R. Longabach vs. J. Condon-
G. B. Hay ward vs. G. Janes; II. Cory vs!
F. J. Lydon.
At the San Francisco handball courts
the following matches will be played-
W. H. Sieberst and N. J. Prendergast v*
W.. Fisher and W. II. Kedlan; P. McKIn
non and M. McNeil vs. G. McDonald and
M. McLeod; E. Barry and J. Klrby vs D
Regan and P. Tate; P. Ryan and D. (ion
nelly vs. M. Basch and W. 'Williams- w
F. Stapff and K. Anton vs. R. Hausmaii
and F. W. Stapff: J. Glynn and T. Serres
va. E. White and C. Lakin; J. Madden and
T. Finn vs. J. Finn and P. Farrell- j
White and R. Murphy vs. J. Collins and
W. Magulre.
The handball tournament of th» Occi
dental Athletic Club still continues. On
Wednesday evening R. Longabach de
feated J. Sullivan, 51-36; O. B. Hay ward
defeated C. J. Barry, 51-31; T. J. Lydon de
feated F. Mulnix, 51-43: II. J. Rogers de
feated T. R Creely, 51-48: H. M. Nevin
forfeited to J. Condon; W. Rancell for
feited to J. H. Kennealy; Dr. Newton and
C. J. Miller withdrew.
HANDBALL MATCHES.
One hundred yard race, amateurs — F.
Crowder, O. Schultz, O. Beyers,' A. Hay.
E. IClpp, II. Doherty, W. Dawsett. H.
Duran. J. Ringrop<\ II. L,elckcn, R. Rid
ing. J. Bevins. C. Fredericks. W. Cook. L..
Baudain, II. Dodson. E. Bell, G. Freeth,
C. Augustus. P. Rose, G. Wallace, J.
Hunt. A. Clayton, O. Lowenthal, 8. Bod
kin. H. Mitchell, O. Irving:. L,. Scott, L.
Haywards. M. Carmody, J. O'Brien, J.
Schustro, P. Revert.
Trick and fancy springboard diving— B.
Winfleld, J. Collins, W. Stockton, W. Car
roll, L. Grueman. F. Ralston, C. Harnes,
M. Carmody, T. McKlllop, F. Paine, T.
Thompson. W. Wilson, J. A. Jackson, X>.
McCann, J. Dollar, F. Jorryp W. Guile, P.
Louis, O. OwenB, B. Wells, R. Cordell, J.
Mclntyre. G. Randall, M. Loud, F. Ritter,
M. Chalmer. H. Wilson. T. McKilllp, W.
Stockton, J. Lyons, L. Grueman.
Under water swimming contest, tub
race and high diving for boys, open to all.
Fifty-yard dash. Juveniles— A. Courtney,
J. Boggs. A. Derks, W. Eelasco. W, Miz
ner, C. Duke, M. Griswold, A. Fernandez,
D Chase. F. Maulan. J. McManys. J,
Dujjan, B. Fcrrlll, W. Adams, G. Nichols,
J. IJoggs, H. Freeman, C. Royal, C. Dono
van, W. Butterworth, R. Grundy, P. Sun
bere, E. McKenzle, J. Erasmy, C. Crist,
V. Paine, E. Ejran. J. Mullens. O. Magner.
P. McDonald. F. Clough, D. Sullivan.
Following are the entries for the swim
ming races at Sutro Baths to-morrow
afternoon:
SWIMMING AT SUTRO'S.
Tiburon will be raised and the yachts
that have been lying In the lagoon during
the winter will be brought to their sum
mer moorings. From that time up to
opening day on Saturday, April 13, yacht
owners will be busily engaged in getting
their craft ready.
The San Francisco Yacht Club will not
open the season until Saturday, April 27,
on which day the owners will make col
ors at 8 a. m. At noon a gun will be
fired from the clubhouse wharf and the
yachtsmen will dres3 ship. In the even
ing there will be a reception and danc
ing in the clubhouse until the departure
of the 10:00 p. m. ferry-boat for the city.
On Sunday morning, April 28, the cap
tains will report for ordern on board
Commodore W. N. McCarthy's echooner
Ramona, and tho first crulso of the 8ea-
Bon will be made under signal from the
flagship.
At the last meeting of the board of di
rectors of the Corinthian Yacht Club
George W. Harold, a brother of. W. P.
Harold, who is a member of the regatta
committee, was appointed measurer for
the coming year. Thia is in accordance
with the change made in the by-laws at
the annual meeting, whereby the direc
tors at the first "meeting held after their
election- appoint a measurer, who is to
be a member not owning a yacht.
The following committee was appointed
to arrange tho entertainment to be given
on the evening of opening day at the
clubhouse at Tiburon; Vice Commodore
E. F. Sagar (chairman), L..-W. Harris. J.
V. O'Brien, F. W. Thompson and E. An
gelo. A cominitteo to receive the guests
of the club during the afternoon -and to
provide for their amusement will be ap
pointed at tho next meeting of the direc
tors.
Last Sunday about forty or ¦ fifty Cor
inthians went over to the clubhouse,
chiefly by the 11 a. 1 m. ferry-boat. -Hav
ing donned old clothes and armed them
selves with pickaxes and sledgehammers,
they broke off chunks of rock from the
hill, .which they dumped Into , the old
scow lying off the westerly Bid© of the
point of Valentines Island. The work was
interrupted about 1 o'clock by a rumor
that Port Captain John H. Keefo had
luncheon ready. All then gathered in the
main hall, where a log fire- had been light
ed. After luncheon the Edna trio and
others. sang. Soon after work had been
resumed heavy rain came down and th«
rest of the afternoon was epent .round
the fire. /"
On Sunday, March 24, the bridge at
Yachtsmen Will Open
the Season a Week"
From To-Morrow.
SAILORS
READY TO
SET SAIL
There was a large outpouring of trap
shooters at Ingleside and Alameda Point
last Sunday. The season opened auspi
ciously and the gunmen surprised even
themselves by tnelr excellent scores. The
new trap system In vogue at the Ingleslde
grounds received the hearty commenda
tion of every participant last Sunday.
There were no delays and the gunmen
shot to their hearts' content.
The Lincoln Gun Club will hold a blue
rock shoot to-morrow at their grounds at
Alameda Point. There will bo three
events. The flrst one will be a club shoot, (
which will commence upon tho arrival of
the 9:45 a. m. train. The contestants will
each have twenty-five birds and $150 in
cash will be divided among five classes.
The second event will be a handicap shoot
for the Neustadter trophy. Members only
will be allowed to enter by paying a flfty
cent fee. The third event will be open to
all. It will be a re-entry, continuous
break, prize shoot. The entrance fee will
bo twenty-five cents; extra birds one
cent each. First prize, pump gun: second
prize. 30-30 rifle; third prize, 22 calibre re
peating rifle. : . * -
On March 24 the San Francisco Gun Club
will shoot live birds at Ingleside. The
same day the Empire Gun Club will break
blucrocks at Alameda Point.
Otto Feudner, the well-known marks
man and trapshooter, is recovering from
his illness and will soon bo shooting in
form. Otto was at the traps last Sunday
but he was forced to retire as he suffered
from a hemorrhage of the nose.
The Union Gun Club will hold a rrand
open-to-all handicap live bird shoot at
Tngleslde on Sunday, : March 31; Sunday,
June 30, and Sunday, September 29 It
will be a six-bird race, high gun to win
Entrance fee will be $1 50. A club shoot at
twelvft birds will also be on the pro
gramme. The handicap will bo from
twenty-six to thirty-three yards. The
prizes will consist of club cuff buttons for
members only— gold cuff buttons, over 75
per cent: silver cuff buttons, 75 per cent
or less. The prizes will be awarded at a
final shoot on September 29. Ties will be
decided by lot or shooter's option. En
trance fee will be $3, which includes price
of birds. There will be side pool entrance
of 13 and three moneys for class shooting
A Bix-btrd race for class shooting will
conclude the day's sport. The entrance
fee Is fixed at 81 50. ¦_ -
¦ . It is dangerous to arm a fool with much
learning. :;
Will Smash Barrels
of Blue Rocks and
Kill Live Birds.
GUNMEN
AT THE
TRAPS
played next month, and although tho
Hardys will not take part It will be an
Interesting event, as the players are very
evenly matched. 'The tryouts at Stanford
were won by Dick Adams and William
Roth, who will represent their college In
singles. The fact that Harry Welhe will
not play for Stanford in singles has occa
sioned much surprise, as he is by far the
best player that college can produce.
With Weiho out of the singles, Stanford's
chances of victory are lessened. Dick
Adams and Harry Weihe, the famous
pony team, should win tho doubles on
team work if nothing else, but they will
have to play good tennis to beat Drum
rnond McGavIn and Paul Selby, the Cali
fornia double steam. The latter team has
been practicing constantly of late and
plays a very strong game. The Califor
nia doubles tryout will be held next Sat
urday at Berkeley. Reuben Hunt and
Fred Brown are a strong team, but owing
to a lack of practice on the part of tho
former they will probably go down before
Selby and McGavin. A match between
Hunt and Weihe would be very close and
tennis cracks have been looking forward
to It for many months. California will
be represented In singles by Hunt and'
Selby or McGavin, all of whom are crack
players. At present It looks as if both
singles events will go to U. C, but should
Dick Adams regain his old form he would
be a very dangerous opponent. Roth, the
other Stanford man. plays brilliant tennis
at times, but is a very streaky player.
The Polytechnic High School tryout held
last week resulted in a victory for Cog
gins, Mann and Schmitt, who will repre
sent their school in tha academic cham
pionship.
Walter Martin has been appointed by
the Park Commissioners to look into the
matter of building courts in Golden Gate
Park for the use of the -general public.
The site selected is the ground below the
old music stand.
There will be a scratch slnglea ' tourna
ment for ladies at - the California Club
courts next Wednesday and a handicap
singles tournament for men to-morrow.
dally. . .
Tho intercollegiate championship will be
few weeks has brought out the tennis
enthusiasts in great numbers and the
courts of the California Club are crowded
The unusually fine weather of the last
Tournaments at the
Clubs and on . the
College Courts.
WEATHER
GOOD FOR
TENNIS
"Big BUI" Lange could not be i.auied
back into the national game by a team of
oxen. The tempting offers made by var>
ous baseball managers for the clever ball
player's services have been parsed up by
Lanpe as If they were mere bagatelles.
Lange has doCfed his suit and shaken the
dust of the diamond eff his shoes for all
time. He has taken this course at tho
request of his wife and because his pres
ent business demands all his attention.
I^ange has the distinction of having re
ceived the highest. offer ever made a ball
player. It is true that Kelly and Clarkson,
the $20,000 battery, were released to an
other club for an immense sum, but their
individual salaries never amounted to
more than H'.GQ. "Buck" Ewine received
the highest salary ever paid a ball-player.
He was paid $5000 for his services, but
that was in the days when the Brother
hood fight was on. Lange was offered $3000
and expenses to play on the Boston team.
When It was taken Into consideration that
he would only have to play five months
in the reason, all his expenses would be
paid and his railroad faie from this citv
to Boston would also be paid, it will
dawn on the average "fan" that Lange
Is in great demand.
Henry Harris, manager of the San
Franciscos, had his eagle eye on Lange
lie offered him $2500 for the season, well
knowing "Bill" would Drove an exception
al drawing card. Comi?ky wanted Lange
to play with the Chicago American
I^eapue. but Lange paid no. A. H. Soden,
manager of the Boston team, would no
doubt be willing to give Lange $0000 for
his valuable services, but the big fellow,
much as he would like to be in harness
again, remembers hl3 promise to his w'fa
and his growing business, shakes his hea I
and refuses all offers.
S. R. Church has designed a splendid
baseball calendar, which will be ready for
distribution this month. The calendar
will be in two parts. Both parts will con
tain pictures of famous hall-players.
At the Eighth and Harrison street
grounds this afternoon the University of
California nine will meet the Flremaa'fl
Fund team for the third time this reason.
The line-ui) will be:
Flrrman'a University of
Fund. Positions California.
Mosklman Pitcher Overall
Hammond, "W Catcher fimith
Follansbee First base Braley
Collins Second base King
Ooliisworthy or
Webber Third base Hamlln
Krupr Phnrtstnp Hunter
T*utl*r Left Held Kennedy
Van Haltren Center field Zan
Hamnwr.d. J Rlffht field Hamilton
The Golden Gates will meet the Nobles
to-morrow afternoon at . Recreation
i grounds. The line-up will be:
GoMen Gates Positions Noble».
r>. Shea .Catcher Foiil
Thomas Pitcher Tyson
|F. Johnson First base Japger
' Waterbury Second ba** Walters
Lamr Third base Carroll
McKune Shortstop Pylva
Spencer I-*ft field Barry
dynes Center field J. Bhea
Al Poulter Klght field Kagan
On the Oakland grrounds at Freeman's
Park the Koenigs will meet the Alamedas.
Big Baseball Player
Refuses an Immense
Sum to Play Again
W. LANGE
DECLINES
AN OFFER
Terry McGovcrn again. The chase for
the terrible whirlwind of fisticuffs has
ended and the Twentieth Century Club
has come in at the IrflL Terry belongs to
It seemingly not for one fi&-ht, but for two.
FirFt fce will meet Oscar Gardiner, then |
Frank Erne— Gardiner in April. Erne in j
June. And this suits the public of San j
Vrancteco well. Not having had an op- j
portunity to see this demon of the ring.
The local rir.ppoers will take the McGov
«rn-Gardiner fight as a fistic salad. The
UcGovern-Err.e mix-up will be the real
course of the jr'.ove meal.
The substitution of Oscar Gardiner for ¦
Sullivan has been the chief .topic of dis
cupsion in local circles duriEg the past j
week. Many of the rinprgoers appear to I
be dissatisfied with the selection of Gardi
ner. They look upon him as a "has been,"
whose hands have given out. It is true,
they easy, Oscar pave Terry a hard fight
and actually knocked down the Brooklyn
¦whirl wind, but this was some years apo.
Since then Gardiner has been frequently
defeated "by men who have never figured
as chp_m vlonship possibilities. The local
Tir.cxoers .aj-jrue that Os=car will be an easy
mark for Tern', and the public will there
fore hav<» .little chance of judging the
champion'** ability as a fighter.
Others are, however, hopeful that II
Oardiner ¦will train faithfully for the bout
he TV-Ill enter the ring capable of {riving
XjrGovern a- stiff argument. There Is no
douht that Gardiner can hit hard, but the
problem i« whether he will land or not.
This remains to be fen. _.,-"';. , _, .
Manager Groom of the National Club
has had his "hand!? full trying to find a
vouth who is willing and capab.e to go
sirainJ=t "Kid" MrFaddpn, the clever ban
tam boxer. It was thought there was
plenty bantam material in this vicinity,
but when thfi auburn-haired boxer re
turned from the East with a Ptring of
victories to his credit and easily van
quished two of the best lads In the. city
In one nlpht. all other lads of his weight
too* to the woods. MeFadden may fight
. before the National Club the latter part
?of thi? month. Every effort is being made
to find a man who is his matrh. The
"Kid" Is willing to give away weight in j
order to get a match. In the event of
failure he intends leaving for the Kast,
where the pastures are more luxuriant.
Cribh and Thur?ton are putting in their
best lirks for their coming battle. They
fijrht on March 29 ar.d are Fcheduled to go
twenty rounds. Each man is certain of
victory and it is t-xpected that their com
lre flpht will be as hot as their first X'as
fage at arms.
"SpM<*r" Welch, the youth who was to
fijrht Joe Fields in the preliminary to the
Hawkins-MeFadden llasoo, oupht never to
be allowed to fight again. Every time
that lanky youth enters the ring he takes
his life in his hands. Dr. I.ustic exam
ined Welch a few days ago and found his
heart was out of place. Welch fought a
number of battles before the so-called
amateur athletic clube and how he ever
passed a physical examination is a diffi
cult problem.
On Wednesday evening next the West
Oakland Athletic Club will hold its month
lv exhibition in its clubrooms at Eighth
s'nd Woods streets. Oakland. Mike Mr-
Clure and "Cyclone" Kelly, both of this
city will meet in the main event. They
will weigh In at 145 pounds. The rest of
the card Is as follows: "Kid" Victor vs.
Jack Kennedy, "Young" Snailham vs.
"Kid" Parker. Joe Broadshaw vs. Louis
Ivong. "Kid" Hart vs. "Kid" Klein. Jack
Capeli?s vs. Jack McGuinness and "Nob
by" Otts vs. Archie Dean.
Will Meet Gardiner
and Then Will Box
With Frank: Erne.
TERRY IN
TWO BIG
FIGHTS
David Bell to the local links somewhat
disarranged the programme of the ladles
of the San Francisco Golf Club, who post
poned the fourth competition for the
Council's cup for women. The qualifying
round, over eighteen holes, medal play,
will be held on Monday morning; the
opening round, over eighteen holes, match
play, will take place on Tuesday morning,
and the second or semi-final round on
Wednesday morning.
Miss Alice C. Hoffman, captain of the
ladles' team, has returned to the links af
ter an absence of several months, and
shows very plainly the want of practice.
The fourth contest for the Council's cup
for men is In progress on the course of
the San Francisco Golf Club, and some ef
the matches will be played to-day, those
who are drawn together being permitted
to play at their own convenience.
Two events are set down for to-day on
the links of the Oakland Golf Club. At
10:30 In the morning the second handicap
contest over eighteen holes, match play,
for the Women's cup will begin. At 2
o'clock In the .afternoon there is a men s
handicap over eighteen holes, match play,
with prizes of golf balls to the players
making first and second best handicap
scores and lowest gross score, the en
trance fee being SI.
The directors of the Sausallto Golf Club
recently sent out a circular to the mem
bers, in which they request them either
to loan sums of money to the club for the
purpose of erecting a club house, or to
buy lockers at r cost of $10 each. The re
plies received have been satisfactory, and
it is hoped that the erection of a small
club house on the Fort Baker links will
soon be a fact.
Major General Shafter. at the request
of Major T. W. M. Draper, some time ago
pranted an unprecedented privilege to the
Sausalito Golf Club, issuing an order per
mitting the erection of a club house on a
militarv reservation. The course Is In
splendfd condition at the present time, ex
cept that a few marshy spots have not yet
dried out sufficiently to allow the long
grass being cut. As soon as the fair green
is in a condition to be cropped short the
San Rafael Golf Club will be invited to
play the return match against the team
of six Sausalito players, who were beaten
on the San Rafael links recently. The
directors of the Sausalito Golf Club have
wisely given up the Idea of raising money
by means of a fair, thinking that the get
ting up of such an enterprise would be
troublesome and costly and might result
in leaving a deficit Instead of the desired
surplus. The construction of the barracks
for the soldiers quartered at Fort Baker
has necessitated changing the position of
three or four of the putting greens, but
this has been done without detriment to
the course.
John B. Miller of the Pasadena Country
Club, president of the Southern California
Golf Association, was recently in San
Francisco, and took a leading part In the
discussion regarding the formation of a
Pacific Coast Golf Association, to com
prise the associations of Northern Cali
fornia. Southern California and the
Northwest. The association of Northern
California will include three or four of the
club3 near San Francisco. That of South
ern California has seven associate and five
allied clubs, and the Northwestern Asso
ciation comprises the most Important
clubs in Portland. Tacoma. Seattle and
Victoria. By-laws and a constitution have
been drafted, and it is proposed that the
governing body shall consist of nine mem
bers—three from each association.
It is the opinion rt many of the San
Francisco golfers that Tacoma. Portland
and Victoria are too far away for any ef
fective conjunction with California, and
that it would be better to be content with
a California Golf Association, comprising
the associations of the northern and
southern parts of the State. There is
good reason, however,' to believe that,
while an association of some kind will
undoubtedly be formed, the arrangements
have not yet been fully made.
The recent visit of 'Willie Smith and
Many Tournaments
on the Local and the
Suburban Links.
GOLFERS'
CLUBS TO
COMBINE
Coursing Association, that the sport la a
certainty In the southern section. Things
have been at a standstill for quits awhile,
owing to the Interference of the courts. A
decision was finally rendered In favor off
the leashmen and the enthusiasts of the
lower country showed their appreciation
of the result by giving a hurry-up ataka
on Sunday last to celebrate the event.
A stxteen-dos stake was run cot as a
star attraction but merely as an opener
for the season. Dan C II. by Daa C a
well-known San Francisco dog. out oi
May Day. won first honors.
It la the Intention of the club to k1t«
regular weekly meetings In the fu&rs
with a sixty-four-dog event as tha stand
ard.
Quite a number of local cotrrslrur men
E^ V ? flsu^ ed °? aoln K » trip to Ijob Ange
les to take a hand in, the game with the
long tails. Among the number who ex
pect to reap health and profit on the Jour
ney la Mitchell Curtis, who will take a
few of his performers along with him Just
to keep them In trim for the big ends of
% P, u " es - Narcissus. Kibosh, Charta
and tcho will try conclusions with the
coursers down below, and la them San
Francisco will be well represented. Tha
general opinion Is that Los Angeles can
take care of the game and glvf irsua
cient support to make It a steady ainuie
ment to Its sport-loving population.
uSy d *TforSr'^ eD W tT f °S
B3K: > « c gfc£S?a s -8- « »JS
cs* R T M ,f now r n * t P^mlnent Ieashman of
St. Louia. Mo., has sent White Wines *iv
Lord Xeversettle- White Llpa. to tSf'citv
to be bred to Emln Pasha. Tha Lord viv
ersettle-^-hlte Lips tnd the MaJor-r^? s V y
cross has never shown to any extent t
good one. on account of Inbreeding * bu*
cnanS. 3 ' 6 " 1 " to lrUUas t0 tatoHotft;
?v On ® ? f ~ tho J l>est crosses of the year la
Freedom has been bred al?^° igSfjuSS
Nancy R. by Emln Pasha-Klttls Pease
1^! tsSS
them too close Inbreeding. moSeashSn
th A n f k V^2 have the get amount to Sch a
Of .. tn P sapHnss for the coming year
Curtis & Sons' have a fine dog by Fetnfr
Free out of Echo, which welsh* «,«£!
than sixty pounds at ten monffi P ?l 9
Kennels has a handsome bitch by Royston
out of Fiery Face, weighing flfty^'ou?
pounds, and Aeneid Kennels has a ™rt
looking dog by Pretender out of TrtnV-t
weighing Rlxty-two pounds, whits with
brlndle saddle and bearing elbse re£m
bianco to sire. ' »"«=«»
R. E. de B. Lopez has with all his hard
luck saved two fine saplings out of the
Crawford Lad-Daisy Crest and some of
the Rochester-Camilla and Roche<tt«.t-
Green Valley Maid litters. "°cnester-
Out of the six winners and runners u»
In thla year's English Waterloo cup T>ur<*«
and plate three were fired by Fabulous
Fortune, brother of Fortuna Favente
now on this coast, and one each by Fal
coner. Gallant and Under the Globe. Gal
lant has earned a good reputation of late
In England as a slr*» and yet hl3 first sea
son's puppies brought but little money at
auction. Thl3 bears out the theory that
a sire might be a failure at first season
and produce crackerjacks at second.
For Freedom's first season's get was
poor, almost worthless, and yet he has
among his second season's product such
top-notchers as Freeze Out. The Iceman
May Buds. Aeolus and Amadee. represent
ing three different dams in Amarosa.
Golden Russet and Bona.
Leashmen will be pleased to learn that
Sterl & Knowles did not loso n.ny of tha*
good litter by For Freedom- Amarosa. Re
ports from «he kennel state that the re
cent disease has been wised out
Union Park offers a good card for to
morrow—the finals of the nlnety-slx-dotf
open stake, the first round of which was
run down yesterday, and a slxteen-doc
champion event, with the best of local
hounds as contestants.
Word has been received from H. H.
Lyons, secretary of the Los Angeles
Leaslimen Win Court
Decision — Notes of
Local Happenings.
COURSING
GAME IS
GROWING
COLLEGE TRACK AND FIELD NOISY
WITH THE SHOUTS OF THE ATHLETES
BERKELEY, March 13.— The big
EQuad of track men at the Uni
versity of California has been
out at hard practice during the
past week. An occasional lessen
ing: of a iron's record by a second or two
cr the adding of an Inch to It has kept
vp full Interest In the work. The weath
er hns been splendid for practice.
Check, the freshman, who made nine
teen points for his class during the recent
f.eJd cay vrith the sophomores, has
dropped the broad Jump and may drop
the high Jump. He Is confining himself
to the hurdles and promises to make a
F-R-lft man in both the high and low
events. Cafiogan ought to do the 100-yard
cath in ID seconds before the close of the
eeason. His record last Saturday of 10 1-5
seconds after euch short practice makes
this extremely possible. He has tied
Drum's record of 23 fiat In the 220.
Service Btill leads In the distances.
Bailey is doing better work than before
and is crawling up on Service's records.
Clifford, although a good man, has hardly
come up to expectations. He Is running
next to Bailey.
Trainer Christie expects to make a rec
ord-breaking sprinter out of Brown, the
fresuman. His unusual speed has brought
him suddenly into prominence. He la a"
strong runner and will prove good varsity,
material. His record for the hundred is
10 2-5.
No new men have been developed for
the 440. Howard Squires Is running in his
old form In that event. He Is able to go
in 53 seconds after a few weeks' work.
His physical condition is excellent.
Delashmutt Is doing good work in the
mile walk and will keep Track Captain
Walsh moving for flrs£ place in that
event. The pole vaulters are still weak.
If Duden should concentrate himself on
that particular . event he would achieve
good results, but bo far he has proved
too good an all round man to become a
record-smashing specialist. Starr and
Wilcox, the new men, have not worked
the bar up much during repent practice.
Powell is leading in the high Jump and
the low hurdles. Woolsey Is no longer in
training for the latter event and will
probably not compete In the Intercollegi
ate meet. Hamlln has commenced traln-
Ing. He and Thomas of the dental col
lege should handle the high hurdles and
Cheek and Powell the low. Thomas has a
record of 16 1-5 seconds In the 120 hurdles.
Cooley'and Cheek are both competing
with Powell for the high jump. Cooley
holds a record of 5 feet 9}£ Inches, but he
has been unable to do more than 5 feet 8
Inches this season.
Hussey will probably do 22 feet In the
broad Jump. Topham, a dental college
man, can do over 21 feet. Brainard, a
Junior, but a new man on the field. Is do-
Ing 21 feet and will probably exceed that
mark.
With Woolsey out of training, the
weights are left to Plaw, the reliable, and
Vilas, the freshman.
The men on the diamond have been at
constant practice. Their positions vary
but little, and the varsity representatives
against Stanford could now be picked
without difficulty.
STANFORD TJNIVERSITT. March 15.—
The first test of Stanford's new track ma
terial will be made to-morrow morning
at the lnterdepartment field day, when all
varsity men will be barred from partici
pation that the merit of the novices may
be discovered. A large number of men
are entered, the competition between the
law, geology and engineering students be
ing very keen.
In the 50, 100 and 220 yard dashes Ham
ilton, Dunn and Lamb will 'compete.
These three races promise to be the fea
tures of the day. The long-dlstancs men
chances that the men will nulab. In the
order named. .
Although the baseball men have been
practicing hard through the week, they
have showed no better form. *»*!"*•
they seem to be In the midst of a very bad
slump. The cause Is attributed to a lack
of ginger, a suggestion °* ¦**"* J^f*;
which gives the players while on the <Ha
mond a don't-care-who-wins appearance.
With two or three Exceptions the suck
work Is below the ordinary. Dr. Murphy
would sacrifice any other feature of the
game If he could develop his colts In this
line, but so far his efforts have been un
availing. The team has been further
weakened by the loss of Guy Connor at
third base. Connor was a. anre n eider, a
rood hitter and always In the- game. His
departure will bring Brown In from kf.
field and leave Horn. Syciond3 and Craw
ford to scramble for the outfield vacancy.
Bennett and Parker lead among the can
didates for pitcher, but neither has
proved a puzzle for a good batter, thouff.i
both are steady, willing and field the!?
positions In good style.
The finals In tennis will be played c~
next week and will probably result In Ota
selection of TV'. P. Roth. 8. IL Adams an*
Harry "Weine- as the Intercollegiate team.
Roth has already won his place as rep
resentative In the Blnjrles.
The varsity meets the alumni team on
the campus to-morrow afternoon for tha
nrst tlmeu
: 1 ¦ ¦*
SPORTS ATHLETICS RACING COURSING
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, MARCH 16, 1901.
4,. SAN: DIEGO. rMarch 15.— The- : United
States training ; ship : Mohican ¦ arrived • to
day from San Francisco. Most ;of the
voyage r down the coast was made under
-sail. . All -are -well: on -board. ' -¦
The Mohican at San Diego.
'i To-morrow the club will hold a sealed
handicap road race/ riders starting three
minutes apart, distance ten miles. Thla
is the first road -event preliminary to the
annual relay race in May, and this and
other i similar i events • from time to time
will I serve to try ; out the : various appli
cants, for positions on the relay team. - •-.—
The semi-annual meeting of the San Ma
teo Athletic Club will be held next • Mon
day evening, at which a nominating com
mittee will ¦- be - selected and some = : amend-
The Olympic Club wheelmen have been
presented with' two handsome silver cups
by two of its members, H. V. Ramsdell
and S. Friedman, to be, awarded as the
cycling committee sees fit. They will be
awarded . by points In the different road
contests of the club^thls spring. : .
Whirls of the Wheel.
There was a large atendance at the
swimming tournament held last night In
the large tank of the Olympic Club. Tho
races were exciting and the various
aquatic events proved highly interesting
to the spectators who lined the tanks.
The event of the night was the 220-yard
championship race.
Scott Leary, the club's champion, won
the event In masterly faahion. He easily
defeated Ed Stolle of the Lurllne Club.
Dennie Carroll of the Olympic Club was
the third contestant, but was unable to
finish. At the end of the fourth lap Car
roll was exhausted and had to bevpulled
out of the tank by Messrs. Hammersmith
and James. Leary lost at the turns, but
despite this fact gained at every powerful
stroke."
He' showed the value of the coaching
received from Sid Cavlll, the club's swim
ming teacher. Stolle swam a clever race,
but his right overhand Btroke was not as
good as ~4he double stroke brought Into
actiou by Leary. The time. 2 minutes
Scott Leary Swims' a
Great Race fh the
Olympic Club Tank
COAST
RECORD
EQUALED
DENVER. March 15.— Luther Jones,
agent for the Pacific Manufacturing Com
pany of San Francisco,. shot his assistant,
P. P. Gabriel, to-day in a scuffle for pos
session of a revolver. : Jones had drawn
hia revolver when' attempting to eject
from his office S. H. White, a traveling
salesman, with . whom he had had ; some
difficulty and who hadstruck him lnthe
face. Gabriel : interfered and attempted
to disarm Jones. The revolver was acci
dentally discharged. Gabriel's : wound is
in his left thlg'a and Is not thought to be
dangerous. ,'*jSgBflSj
ally founds t». P.. Gabriel in
a Denver Office.
Luther, Jones of This City Accident-
SHOOTS A2J ASSISTANT
DURING A SCUFFLE
Third Race— Hagerdon, Alarla, Benroe.
Fourth Race— Locochee, Dr. Marks, Bangor.
• Fifth Race— Meehanus, . Loving Cup, The
Light.
Sixth Race— Twinkler, Snips, Florablrd.
First Race— Catherine Bravo, Companion,
Flcklow. '
Second Race— Flora Pomona, Estado, Evea G.
Oakland Selections.
Sixth Race— One and an eighth miles; four
yeai"-olds and up; selling:
2048 Mont Eagle ...107 2023 Snips ".....109
2096 Jim McCl*-evy..H4 2105 Kastaine 99
2080 William F .... 97 2Q98 Morelllto m
2003 Estro ., 101 2057 Stromo ill
2057 Twinkle Twink-99 2044 Florablrd HO
2057 None Such 111 1969 Whaleback 101
2047 Twlnkler Ill i 2060 Faversham 104
Fifth Race— Six furlongs; three-year-olds and
up; selling:
2095 Meehanus 113| (2118)The Light 100
O9«0)Jertd 113 (2108)Lovlng Cup 103
211S T. Irishman.... 97|
Fourth Race— Four miles; three-year-olds
and up; Thornton Stakes:
2121 Norford 109. 2107 Qr. Marks ....US
1994 The Bobby ....106 (2107) Locochee 113
2107 Bangor llol ?.'¦."".-
Third Race— Six furlongs; three-year-olds and
up; selling:
2032 Bagdad 107 1302 Benroe 110
205G Satan 107 2060 Alarla 105
212S Looram 107 2032 Antioch 107
2083 San Augusttne.lO" (2128)Hagerdon 107
2052 Miss Madeline. 1C5 1973 Alturas ..107
2128 C. Harrison Jr.lO7t 2080 Juva 103
Second' Race— Four furlongs; two-year-olds;
purse:
2»65 Flora Pomona.lCO 1821 Prestonlan 104
S034 Evea G fO3 2084 Teddy Marks.. 107
2058 Tomplon 113 2046 Achilles 112
2094 Estado 112 2034 Barklyite 1C9
.... Knock ins* 115 2104 Post Bell 104
.2104 Botany 109
Oakland Entries.
First Race — Five furlongs; maiden three
year-olds up; selling:
206S Senator Hatts..ll5| 2021 Sarsfleld Ill
1S16 Matilda O ....102 1930 Lllla Ill
2068 Cath'ne Bravo.102 1984 Companion 102
2032 B. Sheppard...lO9 2056 Plcklow .103
1744 Gold Beater ..119 194S Instante 102
66 sccondsu, was excellent, but was over
the record.
Previous to this race Leary equaled the
coast record for twenty-five yard3. Ho
swam the distance In 13 3-5 seconds. Den
nis Carroll was a close second.
The 50-yard handicap -for club members
was won by E. F. Kuss, the champion
cyclist, who covered the distance in 33
seconds. H. Grey was second. The race
was in three heats. H. Grey (7 sec^nd3>
won the first heat with C. Clough (? sec
onds) second. Time, :41 1-5. The second
heat went to F. Duran (4 seconds), E.
Russ (6 seconds) second. C. Long and C.
Conlin captured the third heat. Rusa won
from Grey in the final In an exciting
finish.
E. F. Russ also captured the plunging
record 1 . He covered 53 feet 3 inches and
remained under water K> seconds. C.
Clough was second, with 4S feet; H. Irv
ing won the springboard diving event by
some clever work. II. Grey was second
and F. Burnette was third. The work of
the contestants was ! so close that the
judges had to do some close figuring.
Tom Kennedy secured first place in the
under-water swimming event. He swam
two laps and a quarter without comlntr
up for air, a performance that was truly
remarkable. 3. Gruman was second.
The blindfold race was amusing. Scott
Leary was winning with ease when he
collided with the side of the tank and
lost his bearings. R, Cornell secured first
prize and C. Cloujjh was a close second.
Denny Carroll captured the diving for
plates, greasy . pole and obstacle raca
events.
Folio-wing were the officials:
Referee. John A. Hammersmith; starter, PTifl
Wand: timers. K. Melrcse, II. V. Ramtdell
and Fredrick R. Butz; Judges. Georgo James,
Jchn Elliott and Alec rape; announcer, Georg9
Her.sley; clerk of the course. Herbert Hauaer.
In Monday's game "Wheeler will prob
ably play in place of Walter McCreery,
who is compelled to return East. The
mounts of the Burllngame team were far
superior to those of the visitors, but the
play on both sides was of, an extremely
high order.
Hurlingham team— No. 1, Walter Mc-
Creery; No. 2. F. G. Menzies: No. 3. F.
Jay Mackey; No. 4, Lawrence McCreery.
After the evening shadows fell the vic
tors banqueted the vanquished at the Bur
lingarhe Club.
Burllngame team — No. 1, Charles Dun
phy; No. 2, Joseph S. Tobln; No. 3.
Thomas A. Driscoll; No. 4, Walter S. Ho
bart.
In favor of Eurllngame. Victors raised
their hats to vanquished, cheered and
were answered by the conquered. They
admltted bravely that for the first time
In a long series of games Hurllngham's
colors had gone down to defeat.
Each one was satisfied that it was as
fierce a game as had ever been played.
California's pet team was loud in It3
praises of the vanquished and proposes to
afford them an opportunity to retrieve
lost laurels on the sward !n Golden Gate
Park on Monday afternoon. Some
changes will be made In the personnel of
the teams, and while It will 'not be a
match game In the full acceptance of the
term some" brilliant playing may be ex
pected. ::•• • • .
The make-up of the teams was as fol
lows:
a largo gathering of society people, and
many dainty toilets were displayed.
It was about 3:30 o'clock that game was
called. The usual six periods of ten min
utes in a championship game were fol
lowed. The Incentives were silver cups as
trophies, donated by J. D. Grant, to go to
the members of the winning team, and
numerous wagers between the Individual
members.
Charles Wheeler of Philadelphia, a
member of the polo team of that city, and
also of the Hurlingnam Club, was the ref
eree. "Dick" Tobln was the umpire and
Buckley Johnson the scorekeeper and ref
eree. Dick Tobin had a bet with Menzies
of the Hurlingham team and wished to
withdraw from the position of umpire.
As only in one Instance was any question
raised the visitors insisted that he re
main in the saddle. His decision was on
an "offside" play and a question of goal,
in which all at once acquiesced that he
was right.
When Walter Hobart with a back-hand
stroke, followed by Joe Tobln with a long
drive across the field and Driscoll follow
ing, made the first goal the California con
tingent was duly elated. The visitors
were not discouraged, and after a few
moments' rest put. the ball again In play.
Menzies of Hurlingham fought with Ho
bart. while Mackey and Driscoll kept on©
another out of the play. Tobln, after a
long and daring ride, drove the ball home,
making the score 2 to 0 for Burllngame.
Walter McCreery, for the visitors, made
EXCITING PLAYS ON THE BURLINGAME POLO FIELD YESTERDAY.
WHEN THE HOME TEAM DEFEATED THE HURLINGHAM TEAM,
CHAMPIONS OF EUROPE, BY A SCORE OF 6 TO 4.
ments made In the by-laws. : This club Is
going to make a strong bid for promi
nence in the various interclub events this
year, as It has' many good road riders.
The club will hold a run to" "Woodslde to
morrow.
The California Cycling Club will hold a
ten-mile handicap road race over the San
Leandro course to-morrow. The entries
and handicaps are as follows: M. Wha
len, C. Dufosee, F. N. Bent, M. A. Grif
fiths. 3 minutes; A. Koch. E. English, \V.
O'Brien. 2 - minutes 30 seconds: K. Kris
tensen. WY Gibson. E. Egeberg, 2 minutes;
A. Tieschner, F. Moller, H. Berrar, 1 min
ute SO seconds; J. Holle. A. Carl, C. Pfelf
fer,' R. Tieschner, 1 minute:. W. Rombach,
H. Barnwell./E. Bergeman. D. Nicolson,
40 seconds:- C. L. Brann, E. Warren, A.
Barnwell, 20 seconds; T. , H. White,
scratch.
The California Cycling Club will give a
grand ball in Union Square Hall on Thurs
day everting, April 11.
Although the Bay City Wheelmen as a
club has : practically abandoned racing,
many of ¦ tho members .still take an ~ in
terest in the sport, and to foster this in
terest Captain A. E. J. Nye has offered a
number of gold and silver bars to be con
tested for In various five,' ten and twenty
mile road events during- the season. The
first - of _¦ th«se ' will be held to-morrow at
San Leandro, a : five-mile handicap, in
which the winner of ¦ time , prize will re
ceive a eold bar. and. he who finishes in
first Place a silver one. A club run will
be held to witness the event. .
MURLINGHAM'S pet polo team,
mounted on Texan and Santa
Barbara ponies, went down to
glorious defeat In Burlingame's
field yesterday before the Burlln
game Club's corps of ball-smashers. The
score was 6 to 4. As the tide of battle
flowed from one end of the field to the
other the spectators, gathered in honor of
the occasion, ripped white kid gloves in
hand applause, or waved their ready caps
high In air at some dashing stroke or dar
ing feat of horsemanship.
It was a gala day for Burllngame and
the California players. For, far out from
the land where polo reigns supreme, fresh
from victories In France and Spain, with
the trophies of England' at the end of
their polo mallets, had come these merry
men from England.
Two of them, the McCreerys, Lawrence
and Walter, who were once of this city,
but now claim England as their home, did
their work with great vigor. They ably
aided F. G. Menzies and F. J. Mackey
with all the finesse gained while earning
the reputation of being the finest "backs"
and greatest exponents of the game on
two continents. They were here, there
and away again all the time, but their
dashing plays, desperate riding and pow
erful strokes availed naught.
The red-jacketed "demons" of the Bur
llngame Club were at their heel3 or In
front of them all the time. Walter Ho
bart, Joe Tobln, Charles Dunphy and
Thomas A. Driscoll formed the invincible
quartet that conquered. Driscoll, al
though weak from a recent attack of the
grip, rode out the game. One of Dunphy's
ponies broke a tendon In Its leg In the
first period, but was kept on the field until
another mount could be secured.
Society Out in Force.
Every element conduced to the success
of the game. As a special concession the
Monterey express brought the city contin
gent to the field, stopping at Burllngame
to land the expected visitors. Marquees
were erected on the field, while coaches,
tally-hos, drags, dog-carts, flies and ve
hicles of all other descriptions surrounded
the field. From these polnta of vantage
the fair occupants beamed smiles of ap
proval on victor and vanquished alike.
Although early in the season there was
Betting— St. Rica, 7-2; Rosormonde, 8;. The
Fretter, 2; Flamero, 8; Opponent, 6; Torsina,
16-3.
Time— H. :13; 14; :24; \i, 49; %, 1:27H. Good
stirt. Won easily. Second and third driving.
Winner. Atkln & Lottrldge's b. g. by imp. St-
Andrew-Rlcardo. St. Rloa had too strong a
pull In the weights. Rosormonde d>4 well
after her long rest. Too much of a -sprint
for Tho Fretter. Flamero weakly ridden. Not
long enough for Opponent. Torsina cut oft
2133. SIXTH RACE— Seven furlongs; handi
cap; three-year-olds and up; purse, $400.
Index. Hor.«e. Wt. Jockey. St. %. Str. Fin.
f2070)St. Rica, 3. 87 Ransch 4 12 12 15
(1332) Rosormonde, 6, 109.. Weir 2 3 2 2 n 2 1
(2072)T. Fretter. 5. 122. Mounee 6 4 n 3 U 3 na
210S Flamero. 5. 95 Hoar 3 2h 4 1 4n
2103 Opponent, 6, SO.Fauntlry 5 6 5 1 6 5
(2011)Torslna, a, lOL.Mathxvs 1 .5 2 <5 6
21 H2. FIFTH RACE— Mile and 50 yards; sell
ing: three-year-olds and up; purse, $400.
Index. Horse. Wt. ,Took»>% St. '*. S^r. Fin.
2039 Phoenician, 6, lC6..Mnce 6 lh In. 12
(2039)RoUick, 3, SS Ransch 1 2h 2 2 23
211 S Mitten. 4. 90..FRuntleroy 2 3 1 5 3 n
2083 Wm. Aek. 3, SS Hall 4 4 «5 4 n 4 5
20S3 Castake, 6, 106. ..Romero 3 5 3 15
Time— 50 yds. :03; V*. :23%; H. :50H: ?i. l:18%i;
m, 1:42; lm 50yds. 1:45. Good start. Won
cleverly. Second and third driving. Winner.
Dr. H. E. Rowell's b. g. by Ben All-Turmoil.
Winner much the best. Rollick did his be3t.
Mitten a hot tip. Castake ran a poor race,
after making allowance for getting cut off on
back stretch. Scratched— Haviland 102.
Betting— The Phoenician, 2; Rollick, 1; Mit
ten, 30; William Ack, 10; Castake, 5.
Betting— Spike, 10: Rio Shannon. 3; Xorford,
8-5; Don Luis, 12; Vassal, 25; Cromwell, 7-2.
2131. FOURTH RACE-One and a sixteenth
miles; four-3'ear-olds and up; purse, $350.
Index. Hor*=e. Wt, Jockey. St. %. Str. Fin.
2047 Spike. 4, 102 Stuart 5 12 15 14
2081 R. Shannon, 4. 105. Kelly 4 2 1*4 2 1 2 5
(209«)Norford, A. 111... Mounee 1 6 4H 3 4
2103 Don Luis, a, lOS.Basngcr 3 5 2 3 1 4 3
2106 Vassal, a. 106 Howell 6 44.51 5 1
2121 Cromwell, a, lOO.Mathws 2 3 h 6 6
Time— 1-16, :07; H, :25; U, :4DH; %. 1:15*4: m.
1:42; 1 l-16m, 1:4S. Oood start. Won easily.
Second and third driving. Winner. C. W.
Chappell's ch. g. by Prince Royal-Sallle. Mc-
Allister. Spike was fresh and always looked
a winner. Shannon ran his race. Track too
hard for Norford. Cromwell no speed.
213O. THIRD RACK— Four furlongs; two
year-olds; purre, $400.
Index,, Horse, Wt, Jockey. St. *i. Str. Fin.
(2l04)Monastlc, 114 Ruiz 2 2^4 24 11
(2082)M. Murphy. 110..Mathws 1 1 5 16 2 3
<2046)Waterscr'ch, 110. Mounee 5 5 3 3 3 8
2104 Legato, 110 Weir 3 4 3 4 3 4 3
.... Frank Bain, 110..Basngr 4 33 5 5
Time— U. :24»4: '/£. :«H. Poor start. Won
first three driving. AVlnner, Atkln & L.ot
tridpe's br. g. by Imp. Anchorltc-Roke. Mat
thews on Murphy drew his whip at stretch
turn when four lengths in front. Ruiz on win
ner simply outrode him. Waterscratch away
poorly and tried -to run out at stretch turn..
Betting— Monastic. 10; Mike Murphy, 4;
Water3cratch. 2-5; Legato, 60; Frank Bain, 200.
2120. SECOND RACE-Slx furlongs; selling;
three-year-olds; purse, $350.
Index. Horse. Wt. Jockey. St. H- Str. Fin.
2012 Dandy Jim. 116.. Mounee 3 1 n 1 >4 1 1
(2092) Bernota. 107 Ransch 2 2 2 2 8 2 12
20€S El Karn, 107 Kelly 1 3 3 3
Time— ',;, :23; »i. :50; *i. 1:14%! Good start.
Won driving. Winner, Huches & Elliott's ch.
c. by Rowland-Frances Nichols. Dandy Jim
hard rlduen to pass Bernotn. El Karn out
classed. Scratched— Introductor 112.
Bettlnp— Dandy Jim, 3-5; Bernota, 3-2; El
Karn, 20.
OAKLAND RACETRACK — Friday.
March 15, 1901.— Weather fine. Track
fast.
2128. FIRST RACE— Five furlongs; selling;
four-year-olds ar.d up; purse, $300.
Index. Horse, Wt, Jockey. St. >,4. Str. Fin.
2097 Hagordon, 4, 106. Mounee 2 3 1 2 2 11
2H7 II. Itowena. 6, 118. .Ruiz 4 12 In 2 10
l'l)S5 Xettle Clark. 4. 114. Kelly 15 14 2 3 1
2045 Kind's Pal, 4. 116.Hcnsy 7 4 1 3 1 4 1
2073 Looram. a, 120 Hoar 3 6 h 5 h. 5 h
1742 GlisBando, 4. 115.... Weir 6 8 4 6'^ 6 1
2033 D. Know, a, 110.Fallehyl2 11 ,7171
2013 Fairfax, 4, 109. . . Romeroll 12 8 8^4
2021 J. Welch, 4. tO€..HowelllO 10 11 9 2
1SI2 Harrison Jr. 5, HO.McCy 9 7 h 9 10 4 '
1S64 Aurora B, a, 118.DlnMle>13 13 ]0 11 5
If96 R. Leary, a, 112.. Golden 5 2 h 12 12 1
2085 Ragtime, 5. 113.Bozeman 8 9 2 13 13
Time— M, llZhii M. :Z*\i: H. :4S%| H. 1:01.
Good start. Won easily. Second and third
driving. Winner. II. U. Frank's b. g. by Imp.
Eshcr-Lady Richmond. Miss Rowena no longer
a weight packer. HnRerdon walked past her.
King's Pal ran a nice race. Fairfax away
poorly. Scratched— Spry Lark 10S, Merry Boy
130.
BettlnK — Hagerdon, 6-5; I.Ilss Rowena, 5-2;
Nettie Clark, 40; King's Pal. 40; Looram, 30;
Glispando, 12; I Don't Know. 20; Fairfax, 12;
John Welch, 15; C. II. Harrison Jr.. 15; Au
rora B, 30; Red, Leary, 100; Ragtime. 20.
CALL'S RACING FORM CHART.
The contest between Young Snailham
and Young McFaaden was the star event
on the profrramme presented last night by
the Bay City Athletic Club. It was Snail
ham's second appearance In the ring and
for a beginner he made a very clever
showing. At the end of the fourth rounl
the judges believed the youngsters so
evenly matthed that they ordered another
round. After it had been fought they de
clared the contest a draw. Tho decision
should have cone to Snailham.
The battle between Kid Corin and Jerry
Mitchell was a lively one from start to
finish. Mitchell was given the decision.
George Doherty, who was matched to
box four rounds with Ed TUlson, threw
up his contract in the first round. Ono
punch in the ribs caused him to seek tho
lioor. He kicked his heels up In the air.
closed his eyes and comfortably awalte-1
being counted out. When he was declared
"out'' he quickly "regained conscious
ness" and hopped out of the ring evident
ly well satisiled that he had not sustained
more serious damage.
Frank Dillon also suffered from a severe
attack of "heart failure." In the second
round he put on a look of distress and was
seeking- a soft spot to drop on, when Po
lice Sergeant Helms came to his rescue by
ordering the contest stopped. Jack Mc-
Cormick, his antagonist, retired looking
very disgusted.
Frank Neal. who is a likely youngster,
was booked to face Spike Wallace four
rounds. Spike was suffering from cold
feet and declined to appear. George
White, who some time ago fought a draw
with Neal, jumped in to fill the vacancy.
He lasted less than one minute. An up
percut on the Jaw, quickly followed by a
swinging right on the neck, sent- him to
the floor unconscious. ;He was some little
time in coming to.
Jack McGinnis and Tody Everett fought
a four round draw., McGinnis would have
been counted out In the third round but
for the timely sounding of the gong.
Cyclone Kelly and Joe Long fought four
interesting ' rounds. ¦ The decision . was
given to Kelly on his merits.
Jack McCarthy and Bobby Otts slugged
and pummeled each other for four rounds.
The judges awarded the fight to McCarthy
and a storm of hisses followed.
Snailham Proves to
Be a PUgilist of
Unusual Ability.
SOME GOOD
BOXING BY
AMATEURS
The rundown of the regular weekly
stake was held yesterday at Union Cours
ing Park. Of the forty-eight courses run
favorites captured all but nine, although
the short enders landed at better than
average odds. Hares were stronger than
expected for this time of year and as a
result the scores figured higher than for
some stakes past.
Warship is stake favorite and looks a
eood selection. Bona Fide, Risky Attempt
and Honor Bright, In the first half, with
the first mentioned as choice, and Liber
ator, Santonin and Olita, in the second
half, with the latter in favor, are har 1
to beat.
A strong tip has gone out on Jlmmle
Anthony tor stake winner. The doe has"
been doing 'great work in Vallejo and is
a good stayer. In fact the Courser, lm
proves as he goes along In a stake. To
morrow he will have America for his .op
ponent and it is not likely that he can
take the flag from him. If, however; he
scores a victory he has a good chance
for the stake.
Other winners In the second round look
to be lone. I-og Boy, Urania, Tiburon,
America, Twin City Girl, Black Flush,
Loughneagh, Hot Haste, Pleasant Girl,
Rona, Saia, St. Ives, Miss Wilson, Dew-
Orep, Random Aim, Achilles.
In addition to tne iinals of the open
stake a slxteen-dog Champion event will
be run oft' to-morrow. Ireland, on the 17th
of March last, quite naturally won the
stake. Barring hunches and superstition
Geary's ciog figures . favorite for - this
event. In the rundown Rural Artist,
Floodgate, Palo Alto, Chicago Boy, Mose,
Ireland. Little Sister and Sisquoc shouid
have their colors hoisted.
The day's results, with Judge John
Grace's orticlal scores, follow:
Open stake, first round— W. Cairns' Gold Ore
beat J. D. Cardinell's Union Jack, 19-13; W.
C. GluEson's lone beat Pasha Kennels' South
erner, 11-3: K. A. McComb'i ISona Fide beat
!• Ktelnhoft'B - Veto, 7-0; Sterl & Knowles'
Sleety Mist beat P. Doyle's Thelma, 3-1; 1'asha
Kennels' Rollicking Airs beat Kay Brothers'
Hawker, 3-0; 1 J . J. Rellly's Warship beat R.
Parkinson's Hen I'Omond, 3-1; Larkey &
Rock's Ladles' Choice beat E. M. Kellogg's
Puck, 16-12; Pasha Kennels' Risky Attempt
beat F. A. McComb's Frosty Morn, 6-2; Con
.r.cll Brothers' Lok Boy beat F. Jones' Lovlna,
6-4; J. Smith's Master Workman beat F. A.
JlcComb's Crawford Lass. . 5-0; P. J. Reilly's
Honesty boat T. McCocl's Fin McCool. 5-0;
D ¦ J. Healey's Urania beat Gold Dust Ken
ne'ls' St. Michael, 10-4: Sterl & Knowles' Mp
ple beat R. K. de B. Lopez & Son's 'me
Levlle, 5-1; U. J. Healey's Tiburon a bye;
Aeneld Kennels' Aeneas beat' Yosemlte Ken
nels' Freedom's Banner. 5-3; P. Jackson's
Honor Bright boat Hunsell & Allen's Rosie
Clair. C-3; J. Moriarity's Jimmy Anthony beat
H A. Ueckelman's Snapshot. 4-0; E. Geary's
America b*at K. M. KeUogtc's Kid McCoy.
7-3; W J. I.eonard'H Tom Hurtlck beat George
Sharman's Bowery Bny, 4-0; S. Handy's Twin
City (Jirl a bye; I). Dillon's Granuvilla beat H.
A. Deckelmun's Glen Chloe. 10-0; George Shar
man's Illaek Flush beat Russell & Allen's
Faithful Lad, 7-1; R. K. <ie B. Lopez & Son's
Jewe«s b<»t W. , Delaney's Oriole, 12-9; P. J.
Rellly's Loughneagh beat Yosemlte Kennels'
Ueau'ty Spot 3-2; II. A. Deckelman's Law
ieni-e"beat T. W TJartels' Best Brand. S-0; J.
J. Kenny's Hot IIa3te beat Clark & Grow
tage's ldeala. «-('; l>. J. Healey's Tapioca beat
H. Lynch's Lottie M, 3-0; D. Toland'8 Pleas
ant Girl beat J. Hurley's O K Capitol. 3-2; P.
Jrclcsoii's Golden Russet beat Chlarlnl Broth
ers' Ura.«s Button. 4-3; Sterl & Knowles' Ollta
b^at T. W. Darteis" Mac's Melody, 5-2; Pasha
Kennels' Real Article beat Aeneld Kennels'
Alecto, 3S-T; Pasha Kennels' Round About
beat J. Smiths' Boney Boy, 4-3; IL H. Gray's
Hona beat Aeneld Kftnnels". . Aethra, 5-3; . R.
K. de^TJ. Lopez & Son'a Sara beat L. F. Bar
tf-ls' Itonner Bright, 3-0; Pasha Kennels' May
H<;mpstead beat J. Mooney's Silent Treasure,
C-0; Chtarlr.l Brothers' Santonin beat Sterl &
Knowles' For Glory, 7-5; J. Hurley's Hurricane
beat J. Moriarity's Klttleman, 3-0: George
Sharman's St. Ives b*at Ereklne & Jonea'
Lsivendor, 5-0; J. P. Thrift's Tyrone Prince
beat Star Kennels' Master Lawrence, 3-2: O.
Zahl's Mi83 Wll?on b»at J. H. McNeil's Black
Hawk. 4-0; W. C. Glasson's Dewdrop beat F.
A. McComb's Motto, 5-2; C. O. Peterson's Sil
ver Cloud beat Clark & Growtage's Lady
Flavin. 6-3; P. Doyle's Liberator beat- Clark
& Growtage's Memory. 8-C; Pasha Kennels'
Royal Anne beat 1^ M. Kel'.ogg's Iowa Boy,
1--5; Pasha Kennels' Random Aim beat E. M.
Kellogg's Lucrftla Borgia, 5-0; E. M. Kel
logg's Iowa Maid beat Vinal & McCarthy's
j Prairie Princess, 6-2; T. Tlemey's Tea Rose
b<at C. Banner's Wild Norah, 6-5; Aeneid
Kennels' Achilles beat L. F. Bartels' Best
Bargain, 7-3. : -
High - Class Hounds
"Will Compete for
Money and Glory
CHAMPION
COURSERS
TO MEET
"Waterman." "Stanly," "Marshall" and
"Falcon" f Quntain pens are the best In the
world for the money. Sanborn. Vail &
Co., Stationery Department, celling agents
for San Francisco. o
LONDON". March 16.— Under a threat
from Mr. Balfour of a Saturday sitting,
the House of Commons sat until half-past
1 o'clock this morning and adopted ten
resolutions of the army budgets, the
amounts being- urgently needed by the
Government before the close of the fiscal
rear. . , , . ¦ . ,
Money for Britain's Army.
PADUCAII, Ky.. March 15.— A head-end
Collision oocured to-day between freight
trains at Clay switch, twenty-seven miles
below here on the Illinois Central. En
pinrer Joe Dickey of Paducah, Ary New
man of Newburn, Tenn., and Edward
Hamlott of Fulton were killed. Engineer
J. J. Hornschein of this city, W. H. Hazle
ton. an engineer learning the road, and
Jemes Roberts, a colored brakeman, were
badly hurt.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY. March 15.—
At a meeting of ths Associated Students
this afternoon the constitutional amend
ment enlarging tha powers and doubling
the salary cf the Mudcnt-body treasurer
V.AS unanimously carried. This action ia
of importance to the future of athletic
and other student activities. It means es
rcntlally that Stanford has adopted the
Brrkelry system oi graduate manager
ship. His salary will be Increased frora
$<5& to 51000 per yoar. wnich Includes all
expenses except railroad fares.
COLLISION OF TRAINS
ENDS THEEE LIVES
Treasurer's Salary Increased.
Fifth race— Advance Guard.
Sixth racv- ll-.e Pride. Epecirl:. Sweet Cap
cral. *
Third race— Periwiy, Tom Sharkey. May
Boy.
Fourth race— Joe Frey, Honing Boer. Articu
late.
Ingleside Selections.
First race— Fondo, Artena, Nellie Forest.
Second race— Oweneboro, Macgrle Davis. Mac-
Cyle.
Sixth race— Six furloncs; four-year-old* and
¦upward; rur*e.
3S51 Fweet Caporal.Ti^I 1S37 The Pride 110
niO Brenhllda 10S 2110 Silver Garter.. .U0
20SS Fpec'.flc 1» 20C3 Salvado 113
ZVS Prejudice 105'
Fifth race — One mile and a sixteenth; special
purse, I7S0.
<20C6) Advance GuardlTS] (2112)TuthlU 105
Fourth race— One mile and a Quarter: three
year-olds: the California Derby; C000 added.
2TTT5 BrJtal IIS (l?'J)RoIlinir Bo*r...l22
2C'3 Telamon 127 1903 Canmore 122
C2C~) Ken!! worth J."2 13S3 Articulate 122
(2&33>Joe Frey 1S2
Third ra<-*— Steeplechase handicap; about one
rnile and a half.
2115 May Bey 150 1?92 Mettor 130
<ni5)Tom Sharkey..l?T • ;ij£% The Callforn'n.125
2f>^S Periwig 160
Second race — Seven furlongs; four-year-old*
end upward; exiling.
ri!3 MacGyle 107 <?rCR)Magirte Dax-i«..108
21Ca Redwald J12 <21C3;Owensboro 110
Ingleside Entries.
First rac*— Six furior.s"; three-year-ol<Ja;
1I?O Oscar Toll* 107 Till Artena 10".
yC2 Eonlc 9r. an X»lMc Forest. ..104
2'*3 Fondo V4 21P2 Illllouon 106
2f?l Oantinus I'M 20Ti Marcy 10S
17C2 Wardman IOC
. - - 1 ,,«^Co-a» <nrt/<nm- » : '- - >1J.
TANFOILAN PAKK-Friday. March 15.
ISC!.— Weather fine. Track fast. •
2122. FIRST RACE-Six an<J a half fur
ltngf; selllne; four-year-olds and up; purse,
Irder, Horse, TVt, Jockey. St. »»¦ Str. Fin.
1*2 Alee. 4. 101 Thorpe 2 1 l'j 1 1 14
:m Prejudice, 4. 104. ..Burns 3 2 2 2'j J«i
'.."¦¦03 Hacetto. 4. 1C5.. O'Connor 1 3 «4 3 3 3 4
<:-,'¦..:->? 4. : < Hnos « 5 8 4 4 4 6
<£i*«)Sta. Lucia, «. 104. Bur-Em 5 4 *i 5 C 5 1
J'71 Al. Carter. 4. lOl.Murph 7 6 3 6 € 6 8
EODCmtch. i. 101 Sae 6 7 < 7
Time— 1-lf. :C7; 5-1C. :30u ; 9-16. :j'jV*: 6Uf.
1 20%. Bad Mart. VTon first three drivlnV
"Winner. Dr. H. E. Rowell'e br. h. by Imp.
Ft. GKT3e-L*ve». Thcr;* on Alee rut oft
fvcrythir.g ir. the* race at the start. Racetto
Jn a pocket through the stretch or he might
heve won, Prejudice Is not much.
Betting— Al**. £-2; Prejudice, S-S; Racetto. 4;
VlsFion. 10; fiar.ta Lucia. 20: Alary's '-Jailer,
CO; Crutch. X00.
2123. SECOND RACE - Three furlongs;
rt;ai(5en two-jear-clds; purse, J3jO. t
Index. Horse. Wt, Jockey. St. %. Str. I Fin.
l'«0T E. M. Brattain. lC3.I>om 5 ... 1 I 1 h
HttOtlC 108 Thorpe 2 ... 24 2!
?<r.>\ lx.ulett«», 105..\Veddtxstd 4 ... 34 32
;<i Minerva. 105 See 3 ... 4 4 4 2
-i"«?7 Fan I ,-j: :.-.::. 103 Knot «... 5 *j 5 S
2O<;3 <">nit<-wsa. If-" Murphy 9 ... 6 >• « 'j
2«C7 Fnowberry. 105. O'Connor 8 ... 8 2 7 2
1M1 B. C. Greene. 104. Burns 7 ... 7 5 S 5
:c?S Contestant. JC5 Daly 1 ... 9 8 9 I 1 )
Priam. 110. 4 FogelO ... 10 2 10 3
Murcla. 110 Farrellll ... 11 11
Time — S, 3234; H :S5 l j. Good start. Won
f>« three driving. Winner. E. M. Brattain'i
FT. c. by Ca;it!ve-L*ora. Brattaln wanted to
lie- down at the finish. ORle would have woo
ir another jump. Balance of the fieU ran
their races. Scratched — Rovalty 190. Dr. Me-
Nutt iw>, Dar.dy 113, Muresca 110, Muslque 105,
files'.an lift.
B.ttinfr— E. M. Brittain. 7; Ogle, 6: Loulette.
M| Minerva. 5: Pan I>ution, 10: Oratos«a. 20;
f-rnm-berry. 6: P. C. Green*. 3: Contestant, 15;
I'riare. 100; llurcia. 3a
2124. THIRD RACE-Five furlongs: seilins;
nalden three-year-old flilles: purse. S400.
Jr<Jex. Home. Wt, Jockey. St. *»• Ftr. Fin.
IK<2 Cushion. ic:> See 17 2 1 In
1'3S Kath. Ennis. l03..O'Con 3 3 1. lh 2 2
2il4 Mrs. Brunell. 107.Her.ry 4 2 h 3 h 3 h
M« La Calma. JC5..I>omnlck 6 5h 4 ** 4 2
K'14 Alpha Lee. 105 Burns ."". 4 1 5 6 6 8
2"U I,uoa. :os Thorpe; 14 SH.6H
8C64 Singer. 10J..W>(iderftrn(l 7 6 4 7 7
Tlrr.e-i;. :I44: V. :S6H: «». 1:02. Good start.
on f.r? t three <5rivinc Winner, L Mor>e
truses b. f. by Sarn Lucas- Yo'.ande. Cushion
th* tamest. It was a very bad lot.
Bruin?:— Cushion. 4; Katherine Ennls. 8-5;
J!n>. Br-jr.ell, S; Ia Calma/7; Alpha Lee. 8;
I.vc*. *: Kincer. 10.
S1SS. FOURTH RACE— Six furtonr»; eelling;
three year-olfis and up; purse, ?4D0.
Irfiex. Horse. Wt, Jockey. St. 4. Etr. Fin.
2M* Ft Cuthb't. 6 lID.O # Con 2 3 2 2 2 12
Iir-n Herrooso. 6. 117.Domr.lk 8 11 In 2 h
"'67 Kitty Kelly. 4. lCi.Enos 13 1 3 6 3 10
CiSTDAntagone. 4. 105. ..Burns 4 4 4 4
Tiire— Vi. :2<: 4. :4S; «;. 1:14. Good start.
' V.'on easily. Second and third <!rlx-lnp. Win
ner. Dr. H. E. FU>well's ch. g. by St. Carlo-
Fiinta Cruz. It was easy tf^r Cuthbert. Her
rr. r >so backed up badly. Kitty Kelly closed
etoutly.
Bettir.»r— Rt.lTuthbert. 3; Hermoso, 9-10; Kitty
Kelly, S-2; Antagone. 10.
SX2O. FIFTH RACE— One mile; eelling; four
yfc.r-old» and up; rurte, J40O.
Irdex. Hnrse. Wt. Jockey. St. H- Str. Fin.
r2"S*)Wj-omlnp. a, 113.. Barns 4 2 n lh 14
<r-S^»Havr.and. 4, I04..rv-:cnk 3 114 2 2 2 1
CW (Nanspn, 4, 104.0'Ccnnor 14 2 3 3 3
t<4Z Fre* Lar.ce, a. lOS.Henry 2 3 2 4 4
Time— K. --'K: H. S»j V 1:15: mil*. 1:41.
Oood start. Won first three driving. Winner,
J. (i. Bmwn's b. «r. by Pardee-Caprice. \Vy<>
rr.'.ng outcamtd Haviland. Nansen ran his
race.
netting— Wyoming. IC-Sj Havi'.and. 1; Nan
pen, 5-2; Free Lance, 20.
2127. SIXTH RACE-Five and a half rur
irnffE: three-year-olds; purse, J3J0.
Index. Hors*. Wt. Jockey. St. 4. Str. Fir..
rK'l Tnah. 109 O'Connor 5 5 2 2 11
2111 Alzura. V-7 Burns 3 11 11 2 1
(^l)Se'.de. 112 Henry 4 2h 4 1 8 1
SOS* Andrattus. l&4...I>>rr.nlk 2 3 \ 3 4 4 10
20H Maresa. 112 Thorpe 14 2 6 5
Time— 1-16. S06*: 5-H. :294: 7-16. AIM; 54f.
l:r:v Good stert. Won easily. Second and
tl.lrd driving. Winner. P. Dunne's ch. p. by
Jrrp. Ba-ssetiaw-Modesty. Toah best. Alzura
ran a corking race. Aniratlus ran to her
r.rtch. Maresa lias c°ne stale.
Betting— Toah. 7-f.; Alzura, 4; Scide, 4; An
tfrattus, 7; Maresa, 6.
CALL'S RACING FORM CHART.
Second Choices and Some Outsiders Shake Up
the Favorites at Tanforan.
AT OAKLAND TRACK.
WICHITA, Kans., March 15.-Mre. Na
tion's followers met here to-day to nomin
ate a city ticket- One of the leaders ex
pressed his belief that they should not
enter politics at this time, and somebody
demanded that he be thrown out of the
window. This and other : hostilo demon
strations split x the convention, half of
which formed amass meeting and nomin
ated a candidate for Mayor.
Nation Ticket in Wichita.
WA&HINGTOX, March 15.— The Com
missioner of Patents, Charles H. Duell,
to-day tendered to the President his res
ignation, to take effect on the appoint
ment and qualification of his successor.
There are several candidates in the field
for the office, and it is thought that be
fore the end of the present month a new
Commissioner will be appointed.
Patent Commissioner Resigns.
Over at Oakland track this afternoon
turf-goers will witness a renewal of tne
historic Thornton stake at four miles. In
the past no event on '.he California racing
calendar ever aroused such general in
terest as this contest of speed and endur
ance. It is a race over a distance that
can be witnessed but once a year, and a
groat crowd will cross the bay.
The San Francisco Jockey Club offers
the Derby as a special attraction on th*
reopening of Ingleside. As the three
year-olds named to start have met on for
mer occasions it is needless to enumerate
their good or bad Qualities. Tod Sloan
will again ride Joe Frey, which fact alone
should prove a strong drawing card.
Track Notes.
In the sixth race Toah forged to th»
front after everybody had conceded the
race to Alzura. with Burns doing the
piloting. Alzura was in the lead all the
way unitl the paddocK. Then O'Connor
shot out and at the wire led Bur»i3'
mount. Seide got the place.
Dominlck, on E. M. Brattain, took first
money in the maiden two-year-old race
over three furlongs. Brattain opened on
the boards at 20-1. but the play lowered
the odds to 7-1 when the trumpet sounded
the post call. Ogle, with Thorpe up, fig
ured In the raca and after a good sta.t
looked to win. but Dominick gave a gooi
strong ride down the stretch and came
under the wire flret. Lculette, the favor-
He. got the show.
The maiden threc-v.ar-old fillies event
over five furlongs wa3 won by Cushion,
with See up. Katherine Ennis, Thorpe
doing the steering, was the favorite, and
led until the paddock, when Cushion
passed in under the wire bv a neck. Mis.
I3runnell got the show all three of th?
money-getters working under a driving
finish.
Winnie O'Connor on St. Cuthbert won
the fourth race In easy fashion. Hermoso.
an even-money favorite and yllotcd l»y
Dominlck, led until the stretch, when St.
Cuthbert took first place and won out by
two lengths. Kitty Kelly got the show.
Tommy Burns carried Wyoming und;r
the wire for first monev in the fifth, a
mile race. Haviland, the favorite, led un
til the stretch, when Wyoming went up
and drum-majored the pack. Haviland
held on and got the place, Nansen falling
back for the show and Free Lance trail
ing along in the dust.
THE favorites were again hit hard
at Tanforan yesterday, but the
only startling performance was
that of E, M. Brattain. ridden by
Dominick. Brattain scored at 20
to 1. Alee, the second choice, with Thorpe
up, gave Prejudice a livelv chase in the
first race, over six and a half furlons3.
Thorpe took the lead at the start and
never lost it. Racetto, ridden by O'Con
nor, got the show. The start was by no
means a good one. All three money-get
ters were driven hard at the finish.
BY LOUIS HONIG.
AT TANFORAN TRACK
Atkin & Lottridge's three-year-old, Sr.
Rica, with eighty-seven pounds on ills
back, made his field in the seven furlong
handicap look cheap. Fairly well played,
he won all the way. Five lengths back
Rosormonde downed The Fretter. favorite
in the books, a length for the place.
Miss Rowena made a bid for the intro
ductory scramblei but could "not carry her
speed to the end, and Hagerdon, the
favorite, won easily. There were thirteen
starters and Nettie Clark, a 40 to 1 shot,
succeeded In taking the show.
But three lined up in the six furlons
run following. Dandy Jim enjoyed the
call at 3 to 5. and although Bernota tried
to make trouble, the favorite scored clev
erly. El Karn was beaten off.
Considerable guessing was Indulged in
over the probable winner of the mile and
a sixteenth celling affair. Norford, finally
closed favorite, but the fast track wai
not to his -liking and he could do no bet
ter than finish third. Stuart, astride the
10 to 1 shot. Spike, slipped away in the
lead and, never headed reached the wire
four lengths In advance of Rio Shannon.
Cromwell ran poorly.
That a. mistake was made in sending
Rollick to the post favorite for the mile
and fifty yard run was quite apparent be
fore the race had progressed far. Mounee
soon assumed the front position with The
Phoenician and Dr. Rowell's recent pur
chase played with the first choice, win
ning by a couple of lengths. Mitten, a well
backed outsider, ran third.
When the barrier was released Water
scratch, which runs in blinkers, was la.-:t
away. The half brother to Braw Sect
tried to run out, compelling Mounee to
rap him over the head with his whip as
the stretch, turn was rounded. Then ho
swerved toward the inner rail, eventually
finishing: third, for in a. hard drive, the
10 to 1 chance Monastic, beat Mike Mur
phy a length. The judges were not
pleased with the ride the favorite re
ceived, and Mounee was called into th«
stand and questioned. The race is still
under investigation.
After Hagerdon and Dandy Jim, fir^t
choices In the ring, had sauntered home
before their iields, the favorites played a
hard luck inning, falling to score again.
The attendance was up to the average and
the sport enjoyable In every particular.
WHILE riders like O'Connor.
Burns and Henry can get
beaten on short priced horses
In ridiculously slow time, one
portion of the public appar
ently thinks that Master Owen Mouncc,
now apparlnc In the saddle at Oakland
track, is infallible. Unless the Idaho boy
lands every one of his mounts across (he
line first a despairing wail is heard from
the horse's supporters that ' he "was
pulled." Not so many moons ago,' when
Mounee was riding for Walter Jennings
and that turfman's horses were in tiptop
condition, Mounee was looked upon as a
very promising novice, which he was. The
boy at present is riding as a free lance
and accepts mounts at random. Some of
the horses he pitches the leg over are fit,
some are not. If his bad looking efforts
set down as mistakes are not mistakes
then he should mend his ways, for a brll ¦
liant future and many thousands of dol
lars are In sight for the youth from Idaho.
Yes(erday Mounee had the mount on
Waterscratch, installed a 1 to 2 chance
lor the two-year-old scramble. The price
looked very short, especially as _vtik<;
Murphy had shewn a high turn of spe^d
In his winning race on Wednesday.
BY F. E. MULHOLLAND.
MOUNCE IS CRITICIZED
FOR A RIDE AT OAKLAND
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. SATURDAY, MARCH 16, 1901.
Dashing Red Jacketed Californian Horsemen
Prove Victors by .a Score of 6 to 4.
BURLINGAME PLAYERS WIN
FROM HURLINGHAM TEAM
BOXING POLO GOLF TENNIS SPORTS
the next goal, although Hobart and Dris
coll fought valiantly to prevent his scor
ing.
Hurl'ngham Team Meets Defeat.
So on went the ball through the va
rious periods. With but ten minutes morf»
to play and the score standing 5 to 3, the
visitors took a brace. Each aide made a
goal, at the end the score standing 6 to 4
5v The King of Roumania has either lost his mental
balance or wants people to believe' that he,: has'; He
has paid enormous expenses of state out of his private
purse. ' •
Oakland footpads gave an exposition in court a few
days ago of the gentle art of sandbagging. They
ought to be delegated for a long term to establish a
post-graduate course in the art in the State peniten
tiary.
Late reports declare that the miners are now
dredging for gold on the beach, at Cape Nome. It is
sincerely to be hoped that no new McKenzie will arise
to claim a blanket patent on dredges and the right of
discovery to the products of the sea.
A man in Indiana sold his wife for $2. After the
bargain the wife ran away from her purchaser and ob
tained a divorce from her husband. Now the pur
chaser wishes his money back and has brought suit
to recover it. What sort of case is that to leave to
the judgment of an ordinary Justice of the Peace?
The fellow who threatened the newly elected mil
lionaire Senator from Utah has opened up the pros
pect of an avenue of crime that would cause a division
of sentiment among even the most law abiding peo
ple in the country.' Suppose several conspicuous Sen
ators, who need not be named, were abducted and car
ried into retirement, would anybody howl? Would
the country vote a ransom?
Among other regalia there has just been presented
to, King Edward by the Australian Federation an
opal which is said to be the largest and finest in th
world. It is described as being two inches long, an
inch and a half thick, weighs 250 karats, and is esti
mated to be worth $250,000. It will be remembered
that opals are said to bring bad luck, but neither Ed
ward nor any one else would hesitate to take risks
on an opal of that value.
So, finally, there was little opposition to the admis
sion of Utah under the anti-polygamy guarantee re
quired by Congress to be put in her State constitu
tion. That guarantee was that there should be perfect
religious toleration and that polygamy, or plural mar
riage should be forever prohibited, and when it was
put in her constitution Utah walked into the Union
the equal of the oldest State and the complete mistress
of the legislation by which her constitution should
be made vital and find enforcement.
The Tucker-Edmunds law applied only to the Ter
ritory and fell by automatic repeal when the Mormons
entered the Union. Since then they have been appar
ently acquiescent in the guarantee of the constitution,
though it has been more than suspected that under
this superficial assent the flesh and the spirit were
again in unison in the secret revival of polygamy as
a part of their scheme of salvation. '
Within a few days the mask has been, discarded.
The present Legislature has a large Mormon major
ity. The Evans bill, which Governor, Weils has ve
toed, is professedly, to enforce the anti-polygamy
guarantee, but in reality to entirely nullify it. The
The penitent always commands sympathy, that great
undoer of precaution. Mormons of age and dignity,
of highly cultivated talents, who had made lasting
friendships as delegates of the Territory in Congress,
and others, whose business relations had brought them
into favorable contact with the Gentile world, had
suffered indictment, and manfully • pleaded guilty to
polygamous marriage, and in court had powerfully and
pitifully defended the virtue of their wives and the
legitimacy of their children. When the denunciation
of the criminal law and the renunciation of the church
were at one these men had selected each a wife from
the many they had and made ample provision for the
abandoned, and by these courses had file.d a genuine
claim to Gentile respect and confidence.
But the church, admonished by the stern enforce
ment of the law and by the adverse public opinion of
the country, professedly cast off the offensive practice
and ceased to follow it, either as a domestic regulation
or a means of spiritual grace. After this act of self
abnegation and reform from the inside in response to
pressure from without, Utah presented herself as a
reformed and repentant Magdalen, asking admission
as an equal to the sisterhood of States.
The admission of Utah as a State was deferred
until she had long passed in population the num
ber that had been considered necessary to state
hood in the case of other Territories. Had not the
Tucker-Edmunds law against polygamy passed, to be
followed by the formal abandonment of plural mar
riage by the apostolic authority of the Mormon
church, Utah would still be a Territory, with the firm
hand of the Federal power filling her prisons with
the male parties to polygamous marriage.
GOVERNOR WELLS of Utah has acted wisely
in vetoing the Evans bill relating to com
plaints in criminal prosecutions. The issue is
of interest to the whole country, and deserves more
than a passing notice.
POLYGAMY REVIVED.
This is not good eccnomics. Existing systems pay
taxes into the public treasury, and if obsoleted with
out compensation to the capital they represent it
dies where it is and tan no longer respond in taxa
tion.
In every case within our knowledge in the British
Isles both water works and street railways were
taken and paid for, thus keeping alive the capital they
represented. Otherwise the taxpayer has upon him
the burden of interest on the bond issue, and also is
compelled to make good the tax lost upon the capi
tal destroyed ic the old works.
Another matter must not be lost sight of. It is too
frequently the case in this country that municipal
ownership is advocated from motives of revenge or a
desire to injure invested capital. We recall no in
stance in which it has been proposed to take 'over
existing water and street railway systems at* a fair
valuation, in order not to inflict the loss of the pri
vate capital they represent. But almost without ex
ception it is proposed to issue bonds for the installa
tion of new works.
In discussing the subject there has reappeared, in a
number of American newspapers, a former error
about Glasgow, in the assertion that that city derives
from the profits of her water supply and operation of
the street railways a sum that supports her entire
government and releases the people from taxation.
As we have heretofore shown by the direct testimon3'
of the Glasgow municipal reports, that is not so The
taxation in that city is appreciably higher than in San
Francisco and Oakland.
Therefore it will be seen that there must be a dom
inating diversity of conditions, and it would be very
unwise for the Birmingham ratepayer to assume a
similarity and rail at his municipal water supply be
cause it is not as cheap as that of San Francisco fur
nished by a corporation.
The Birmingham water supply is abundant and
good. It*is gathered in the Welsh hills and the ar
rangement for its distribution is ample and eco
nomical, and its administration free from scandal, but
it costs the consumer more than the Spring Valley s
supply to San Francisco.
Already the American papers which promote this
theory, referring to what London proposes, point to
what Birmingham and Glasgow have accomplished.
In order, however, to secure similar results there must
be similar conditions, and conditions must be closely
examined, lest a plan workable in one place may
prove unsuited to another by reason of an irrecon
cilable diversity.-
Already, however, the American s6cialists and com
munists, and those who are neither, but who from
various motives desire to put business duties and re
sponsibilities upon government, are using the senti
ment expressed by ballot in London to propagate a
similar condition in ibis country. The feeling in fa
vor of municipal ownership has long been cherished
in the United States, but has never gained any im
petus from examples of that policy in this countiy.
City ownership of water supply in Boston, New York
and Philadelphia has existed from the early appear
ance of the necessity for a large supply in those cities.
But'apparenth' neither in the quality of the supply
furnished nor in the economy of its storage, conduit
and distribution has it afforded a quotable example.
So the earnest advocates of the system resort to
foreign instances of its institution.
MUNICIPAL OWNERSHIP
THE advocates of municipal ownership of public
service industries are getting much encourage
ment out of the recent election of the London
Town Council. The majority of that legislative body
cf the English capital was pledged to effect municipal
ownership of the water and light supply and of street
railroads. While the Town Council is the ruling
body, the great body cf the city is subject to political
corporations, existing by royal grant and holding
chartered rights. Before all London can be brought
to a common policy as to the public service industries
these separative corporations must be brought intc
line with the Town Council. .This will be a work ot
lime, so that none may expect an immediate object
lesson to be furnished by the center of the Anglo-
Saxon world.
TO LOCATE A POEM— L. J. M.. City.
In order to locate a poem it is necessary
to have either the first line or the title.-
It is somewhat difficult to locate a poem,
by the following: "I want to know whero
I can find a poem about two men. one ma
ture and dark and the other young 1 an'l
fair; they charge together to the top oJ
the hill and each given the other a mes
sage to deliver in case of survival. Both
are killed." Maybe some of the readers
of this department have a recollection of
the incident. J-. .
COMMUNITY PROPERTY— A. and B..
City. The hu3band in California has the
management and control of the commu
nity property, with lika absolute power of
disposition, except testamentary, aa ho
has of his separate rioperty. Upon tho
death of the wife, the entire community
property, without administration, belongs
to the surviving husband, except such
portion thereof as may have been Pet
apart to the wife by judicial decree for
her support and maintenance, which por
tion is subject to her testamentary dis
position, and in the absence of such dis
position goes to her descendants or heirs,
exclusive of her husband.
KLAirATH COUNTY-R., Vallambrosa.
Cal. By the act of February JS. 1S30. Cali
fornia, was first divided into counties. Tha
entire northwest corner of the State, be
tween parallels 40-42 north latitude and
west of the summit of the Coast Range of
mountains, -was declared to be Trinity
County. In 1S51 the northern portion was
declared to be Klamath County. In 1S53
Humboldt County was created out of the
western part of Trinity County. In 1S37
Del Norte County . was carved out of
Klamath County and in 1874 all that waa
left of Klamath County was divided be
tween Humboldt and Siskiyou counties.
CALIFORNIA COUNTIES— R-. Vallam
brosa. Cal. The counties of California
asked about were organized or created on
the dates given: Glenn. County. March 11.
1S91. taken from Colusa County; Kings
County. March 22. 1803, from Tula re
County; Madera County, March 11, 1S03,
from Fresno County; Moddc County. Feb
ruary 17. 1874, out of the eastern portion of
Siskiyou County: Oranpre County. March,
11. 1SS9. out of Los Ane-ele* County; River
side County. March 11. 1S93. out of San
Bernardino County; San Benito County,
February 12, Is74, out of Monterey County,
north of the Gabilan ranj?e of mountains
and part of Fresno and Merced counties
and Ventura County, March 22. 1S72, from
the pastern half of Santa Barbara County.
Peanut crisps. Townsend's. •
Splendid Cal. glace cherries. Townsend'3.*
Ex strong hoarhound candy. Townsend's.*
Choice candies. Townsend's, Palace Hotel.*
CaL glace fruit 50c per lb at Townsend's.*
Ice cream chocolates. Boston mints, ala
cuma. Townsend's. 633 Market street. •
Townsend's California glace fruits, 50c a
pound, in fire-etched ¦ boxes or Jap. bas
kets, 635 Market. Palace Hotel building. •
Special Information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by tho
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 510 Mont
gomery at. Telephone Main 1042. •
¦ » m •
A setback ls a discouragement or a
stimulus, according to the mettle of tho
man who pets it.
' * • •'.
• Peopl« who take Dr. Siegert'a Angoitura Bit
ters in the fall save moc«y on doctors'billsdnr
ine the winter. Tho great SoutbAmerlcan tonic
Luxuriant ha«r with Its youthful cojo,. ugaroj
by uilng Parker"* Hair Balsam.
Hlndercornj. tho be»t cure for cons*. IS eta.
HERALD ISLAND— R.. Vallambrosa,
Cal. Herald Island ls the name of a
small island in the Arctic discovered in
IMS by an English captain named Keller.
The gazetteer does not give the name of
the discoverer of Bennett Island, which la
in the Arctic, north of the Siberian
Island.
A SHILLING— R. IL. Agnevrs. Cal. A
shilling: of the time of Queen Elizabeth
(1555-1G03). such as is in the let
ter of inquiry is not considered by numis
matists a rare coin. Such are offered by
dealers at prices varying from Jl to J2 jj,
according to state of preservation.
THE CARSON MINT— T. S. A. D.. Sac
ramento. Cal. The United States mint at
Carson, New, is now only an assay office.
Bullion is received there, but not minted.
Such is shipped to San Francisco for
coinage.
ESCHSCHOL.TZ— R., Vallambrosa. Cal.
The primary accent is on the first syllable
of the name- Eschscholtz, the German
botanist. The name is pronounced as if
written Esh-sholts.
. A POEM— F. D., City. Thia correspond
ent is anxious to know in wlat Stockton
paper, and the date thereof, there was
published a poem entitled "The Broken
Bell." Can any of the readers of thla de
partment inform him?
TIDE AT ST. JOHN— A. B. C. City.
The tides at St. Joh'n. N. B.. are: Mean,
spring, 27 feet; neap mean. 23, and neap
range, 19. . ' :
MATRIMONIAL PAPER— S.. City. Th*
directories of newspapers published in ths
United States fall to show that anv mat
rimonial paper ia published in California,
TWO DATES— A. S.. Citv. The 2Sth of
March, 1S72, fell on a Thursday and tha
10th of January, 1SS2, fell on a Tuesday.
ANSWERS TO QUERIES.
AILEEX— R., Vallambrosa, CaL The.
Irish Allene or Eileen is another form of
the given name Helen.
"WASHINGTON, March 13.— The folio-w
ing persona are at tho hotels: Raleigh.
William H. Hall; Ebbitt. C. B. Platt; Gor
don. Dr. George F. Shields; all of San
Francisco.
CAUFOBinAU'S IN WASHINGTON"
ZZjFFORTS now being made by Pennsylvania to
induce the various State Legislatures to call for
* — * a national convention for the purpose of so
amending the Federal constitution as to provide for
the election of United States Senators by direct vote
of the people may possibly fail, but, if so, the failure
will be due to objections to that method of making
the amendment and not to the amendment itself.
That much is made certain by the fact that in recent
years a large number of States have through their
Legislatures declared in favor of abolishing the pres
ent system of Senatorial elections, and among the
States that have so declared are some of the most con
scrvative in the Union. .
The issue is as yet z. non-partisan one and will
doubtless remain -so, but still it is worth noting that
Republican States have been among the leaders in the
demand for the amendment. Among the States whose
Legislatures have at one time or another urged the
amendment are Pennsylvania, Illinois, Ohio, Michi
gan, Wisconsin, Minnesota, Indiana, Oregon, Kan
sas, Nebraska and Washington. The new States of
Wyoming, Utah and North Dakota have also de
clared for it. Texas is, we believe, the only South
ern State that has thus far demanded the change, but
in a majority of those States popular elections are
very nearly a dead letter, and consequently an agita
tion of the question in that section is hardly to be
expected. Should the issue be presented to them as
one of practical politics their Legislatures would in
all probability vote as the Democratic national plat
form dictates, and therefore they may be counted as
reasonably sure to favor the change.
The drift of popular sentiment on the subject is not
the result of any temporary breeze of politics. Thi
sentiment, in fact, has been one of slow but' con
tinuous growth. For a long series of years the coun
try has been disturbed by scandal after scandal in the
election of United States Senators. It is hardly ne
cessary to go over the dreary record. It suffices to
say that so far from any improvement resulting from
the exposure of the earlier scandals, affairs have be
come steadily worse, until now two States of the
Union are without representatives in the Senate, and
several of them have representatives whose elections
are known to a moral certainty to have been brought
about by every form of corruption that the cunning
and the fraud of unscrupulous men can devise.
Up to this time there have been twenty-seven States
in all that have decla-ed for election by direct vote of
the people. Should rll of them indorse the Penn
sylvania plan there would be required but three more
to make up the two-thirds necessary to carry tha
amendment. That plan, however, is so radically dif
ferent from the method urged by the States on for
mer occasions that it is by no means certain all oi
them will support it. Men may be in favor of an
amendment brought about through the action of Con
gress and State Legislatures who would not be in
favor of a national convention to deal with the sub
ject. That fact gives a new interest to a movement
which would otherwise attract comparatively little at
tention, and renders the result by no means a fore
gone conclusion. Enough in the way of approval
has, however, already been gained to raise the Penn
sylvania plan to the rank of a live political issue, and
since it appears to be ilie only feasible means of bring
ing about the reform it may attain success much more
speedily than many people imagine.
THE ELECTION OF SENATORS.
PARIS. March 15.— The following CMT
fornians are in Paris: From San Fraa
clsco—E. Baker, at Hotel Continental;
Mrs. A. C. Baumgartner. Hotel di
Louvre: Mrs. "W- and Misses Chabot, II"
tel de la Tremoille; M. C. Harrison ar. 1
wife. Hotel de l'Athence; W. H. Parks
Hotel du Louvre; Edward Solly, Hotul
Binda.
CALTFOBNIANS IN PARIS.
"W. J. I>e& of Bakersfleld Is at th« Palace.
Dr. TV. 31. Sherman of Fresno is at tha
Lick.
H. E. Barber and wifs of Stockton ara
at the Grand.
E. J. Kendall, a mining man of Auburn,
Is at the Grand.
E. S. Churchill of Kapa registered at tha
Palace yesterday.
Hugh Price, a mining man of Loomis, I3
at the California.
Ex-Senator H. C. Morehouso of San Jose
is at the California.
John L. Hudner. an attorney of HA
lister, is at the Lick.
"W. F. Georgre. an attorney of Sacra
mento, is at the Lick.
R. -D. Hatch, manager of the Novat 1
ranch, is at the Lick.
George "Weir, a cattle raiser of Peta
luma, is at the Grand.*
L. W. Fulkerth. a lawyer of Modesto, !3
registered at the Lick.
Ex-Senator B. F. Langford of Stockton
is a guest at the Lick.
Dr. R. Roca and wife of Holllster ara
guests at the California.
W. R. Spaldlr.g\, a lumber man of VI
salia, is registered at the Lick.
George "W. de Witt, a. mining man oj
Baker City. Ore., is a. guest at the Lick.
PERSONAL MENTION.
SATURDAY MARCH i6, loot
JOHN D. SPRECKELS. Proprietor.
Address All Cesuannieitidai ti W. 8. LEASE, H»=»ger.
MANAGER'S OFFICE Telephone Pre«i SO4
PIDLICATIOX OFFICE... Market and Third, S. F.
Telephone Press SOI.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevenion St.
Telephone Tress 202.
Delivered by Carrier*, 15 Cent* Per Weelc
Stnirle Copten. I> Cents.
Term* by Mail, Including Postages
TAILT CALL (including Sunday), one year J6-00
TAILY CALL (Including Sunday), 6 months 3.00
PAILT CAIJ-. rir.cluclns Sundav). 3 months 1-50
PAILT CALL— By Single Month Kc
SUNDAY CALL. One Year I- 50
WEEKLY CALL, Or.e Year i- 00
All postmaster* are nntiiorlzed to receive
¦nliscri ptiona.
Sample ccples trill be forwarded when requested.
• Mail tsubsertbers in ordering chare* of address should be
rarticu'.ar to cive l>oth SEW AND OLD ADDRESS in order
to Insure a prompt and correct compliance with their request.
OAKLAND OFFICE HIS Broadway
C. OEOKGE KROGXESS.
Hunger fereiga Adrtrtising. Marqattt) Building. Chicago.
(.Lcng Distance Telephone "Central 2619.")
3CEW YORK COURESPON'DEKT:
O. C. CARI.TO.V -. Square
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
STEPHEN' II. £M1T1I 30 tribune Bnildlng
icnw tork ni — ra stands:
WaJdcrf-ArtPrta Hotel; A. Brentano. 21 Union 6<iuare;
Muiray Hill Hotel.
CHICAGO KRTTS STAXDS:
6n«rr.an House: P. O. News Co.; Great Northern Hotel:
Fremont House; Auditorium HoteL
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE. . . .1400 G St., X. W.
;:i)J;T»> E. CRANE. Correspondent.
UnAXCH OFFICES C27 Montgomery, corner of Clay, open
until 9:30 o'clock. SCO Hayes, cr^n until 9:30 o'clock. C3
McAllister, open until $.30 o'clock. CIS Larkln. open until
S:DO o'clock. 1SU Mission, open until 10 o'clock. K61 Market,
corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock. 1036 Valencia, open
until 9 o'clock. IOC Eleventh, open until 9 o'clock. XW. cor
ner Twcnty-'Tond and Kentucky, open until 9 o'clock.
The peculiar value of the civil service
system of examinations consists in the
fact that it endeavors to determine the
relative fitness or merit of the various
competitors • for the particular positions
they seek. All political, religious and per
sonal preferences are entirely excluded hi
determining the character of suitable ex
aminations and in rating the papers of
competitors. In the great majority of
cases. the identity of those who compete
is not disclosed to the examiners until
the papers have been rated, thus insuring
absolute fairness in this feature of the
work. It is difficult, however, to. convince
the average applicant who ls seeking em
ployment under the Government that it is
not necessary to secure the aid of sotiie
presumably influential citizen to secure
full Information In regard to the require
ments of civil service examinations, or to
have his examination papers property
rated and certified. '
i This Impression, which ls entirely ¦• false
'nnd unfounded. the~commisslon has sought
to overcome, on every occasion. Absolute
impartiality an«l justice to all are the fun
damental requirements of the civil ser
vice act and rules, and every citizen, no
matter how humble his station, is entitled
to every right and privilege which may be
accorded to the most prominent and in
fluential. This fact makes the civil ser
vice system ¦ absolutely democratic in ev
ery essential and not aristocratic, as some
of Its enemies have claimed. It throws
open wide to every American citizen the
doors of opportunity and says: "He who
shall best demonstrate his fitness to serve
his country In a civil capacity shall be ap
pointed to public office, and shall be re
tained so long ns he renders faithful and
efficient .'service."
How to Get Preliminary Information.
: The first stop, then, in taking a", civil
service examination is not to seek the as
sistance of your, member of Congress or
your Senator or any other presumably in
fluential person to put you on a proper
footing with the civil service commission,
but ; to communicate directly with the
commission at Washington or with any of
Its recognized agencies. Its" local boardsof
examiners In every : free-delivery postof
llce, custom-house," mint and -assay office,
sub-treasury, etc. , . and Btate clearly and
concisely ..< just .what you , want to know
and you will secure a prompt response. If
you desire to enter. the service of the local
postofflce. custom-bouse or - local
branch of the Government -in the city or
town" In which you*"" reside, -you j,hould
Many Kinds of Examinations.
The examinations required to test fit
ness for employment in the public service
are as varied as the nature of the posi
tions themselves. During the last liscal
year the Civil Service Commission gave
examinations under not less than 4S3 dif
ferent titles, and of this number fully 100
were entirely new, not having been given
before. The field of knowledge, manual
skill and scientific attainment covered by
the commission's examinations is wider
and far more Intricate than that covered
by the curriculum of any university, for
it embraces not only the requirements of
all the learned professions, except that
of theology, but in addition to them the
vast range of scientific attainments nec
essary to carry on much of the original
work of the great executive departments
and scientific bureaus of the Government.
It is also necessary to furnish in the
classified service a large force of well
equipped, practical men qualified to carry
on the many important engineering and
building operations which are undertaken
at the public expense. Many positions in
the engineer and ! ordnance departments
at large fall into this category, as well
as superintendents of construction and
architectural draughtsmen under the su
pervising architect's office. There are
also thousands of clerical and subordinate
positions In the executive departments In
Washington requiring, in many cases, in
addition to simple clerical ability, skill as
stenographers, typewriters, bookkeepers,
Hnculsts. computers and draughtsmen.
Following these is the large number of
positions In the custom-house service,
many of which require expert examiners
of all classes of merchandise or goods, as
well as competent clerk* and accountants.
Positions Filled by the Commission.
The railway mail service, with over 8030
employes, traversing every State and
nearly every Territory of the nation, re
quires the services of young men of phy
sical vigor, good memories and fair com
mon school education. The classified
postofflce service, comprising all the fre.»
delivery postoffices of the country, over
S50 in number, and employing over 37,000
clerks and carriers. Imposes similar re
quirements to those for the railway ma'l
service, and constitutes the largest single
class of positions in the classified civil ser
vice. Positions In the Internal revenue ser
vice, with the exception of deputy collec
tors and storekeepers and gaugers whose
average pay is less than $3 a day or $500
a year, are also included In the classified
service and are subject to competitive ex
amination. Many - of these positions re
quire familiarity with revenue laws and
of the methods of manufacture, gauging
and storing spirituous and malt liquor?.
Tho Government printing service at
Washington comprises the employes
(nearly 3000 in number) in the largest
rrinting office in the world. All the trades
and occupations of the printing business
are represented, and qualifications are
tested by competitive examination. Th-»
Indian service, including the superintend
ents, teachers and many of the other em
ployes of the various Indian schools
throughout the country, is also embraced
in the classified service and demands at
tainments of the most varied character.
In addition to the services already
enumerated, the following also have many
positions subject to competitive examina
tion and requiring special technical an.l
peculiar qualifications in many cases: The
marine hospital service, the lighthouse
service, the life-saving service, the several
mints and assay offices, the revenue cut
ter service, the force employed under the
custodians of public buildings, the several
sub-treasuries.
There are also numerous other position
in the classified civil service not here
enumerated for which special technical or
clerical ability Is required.
Merit Is the Only Test. ££'
For carrying on its marvelously Intri
cate and varied work the commission not
only has a corps of trained examiners on
its own force, but is authorized to call to
its aid In preparing and rating examina
tions many experts In the public service
outside its own office who are especially
qualified in scientific, professional or tech
nical subjects.
The fact that there are over 80,000 posi
tions in the classified civil service of the
United States at the present time which
are filled as the result of competitive ex
aminations lends interest to the mode of
taking them. Every, year nearly 50,000 ap
plicants compete in examinations to test
their fitness for public employment, and
of this number nearly 10,000, or approxi
mately one-fifth of all examined, secure
appointment. Of those examined about
75 per cent are successful In securing rat
ings" which make them eligible for ap
pointment, while the remainder fail.
The positions for which the examina
tions are held are located throughout the
United States and are of the most varied
character, ranging from that of carpenter
or blacksmith at an Indian agency to
that of supervising architect of the
Treasury Department or assistant eth
nologist of the Smithsonian Institution.
The salaries also vary greatly, ranging
from a minimum of about $300 or $400 a
year for some positions of the lowest
grade, such as skilled laborers and
messenger boys, to from $2000 to $4000 a
year for a few positions requiring spe
cial professional or scientific attainments
and great executive ability. The salaries
for much the larger proportion of the po
sitions, however, range from 1600 or >8tX>
to $1600 or $1800 a year, appointments
usually being made at the lower salaries
and promotion made to the higher posi
tions on the basis of experience and effi
ciency in the service.
(COPYRIGHT, 1901.)
B:v Jolin K.. Procter,
PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES CIVIL SERVICE COMMISSION.
V.— HOW TO TAKE A CIVIL SEBVICE EXAMINATION.
make inquiries of the appropriate local
board already mentioned for the neces
sary information as to the scope, char
acter and dates of examinations, appli
cation forms, etc. If. however, you seek
information in relation to the department
al service In Washington or the railway
mall. Government printing, Indian or oth
er important branches of the service not
local, you should make inquiry of the
civil service commission at Washington,
D. C. A printed "Manual of Examina
tions," giving full and complete Informa
tion respecting the scope and character
of all the more important examinations. Is
furnished on request without cost to all
applicants. Having leceived this manual
and read it carefully you should determine
upon the kind cf examination you desire
to take, being governed In this choice by
your own qualifications and the needs of
the public service or the classes of eligl
bles most in demand. In this connection
It may be stated that the demand for sim
ple clerical ability which has not been
specialized in some way is relatively small
at the present time. For instance, very
few persons are appointed from the de
partmental clerk register, while a much
larger number is appointed from the reg
ister of qualified stenographers and type
writers.
Specialists in Public Service.
The more highly specialized your quali
fications, if they are of a character de
sired in the Government service, the
greater your prospects of appointment if
you pass an examination. For illustra
tion, the commission frequently has diffi
culty in securing a sufficient number of
well-qualified civil and electrical engl-
neers, topographic and other classes of
skilled draughtsmen to supply the needs
of the service, while It has excessively
large registers of clerks, messengers,
watchmen and skilled laborers.
It was formerly the policy of the de
partment to appoint many more persons
to the grade of clerk or copyist than at
the present tlmo, and to train up from
that grade those specialists required In
the performance of many classes of cler
ical work. Now It Is the desire of these
departments to secure as far as possible
persons who possess the necessary quali
fications for the performance of these
special classes of work without requiring
to be trained after appointment. This
practice greatly increases the number of
different kinds of examinations held and
encourages those possessed of the de
sired qualifications to enter them. Many
of these special examinations are not In
cluded In the "Manual of Examinations,"
but are announced and held from time to
time as the need for them arises In con
sequence of vacancies in the departments.
These special examinations for particu
lar vacancies or classes of vacancies are
usually announced through the press at
least thirty days before being held. The
commission also keeps lists of -the names
of persons who wish to be informed of
the announcements of examinations of a
certain character, and such persons are
advised if an examination of the kind
they desire to enter is about to be held.
Preparing for an Examination.
Having received such Information as
you desire, and having selected the exam
ination you wish to take, the proper ap
plication form should be carefully exe
cuted, observing fully all the require
ments of the form, and should be filed
either with the local board of examiners
or the commission at Washington, as may
bo required. This is a very important
step in the taking of an examination, as
errors in the tilling out of application pa
pers often result in serious delays and
great annoyance both to the commission
and the applicant.
After having filed your application you
should give close attention to the scope
of the subjects of the examination you
nave selected In order that you may fa
miliarize yourself as far as possible with
the requirements of the position you seek.
You will observe that In examinations of
a clerical nature, such' as those for de
partmental clerk, postofflce clerk and cus
tom-house clerk, for example, the ques
tions are largely of a practical or busi
nesslike character, and are designed to
test your clerical ability rather than mere
theoretical knowledge of textbooks. Tho
problems in artithmetic in these examina
tions are usually along the lines of prac
tical business, or involve such principles
as are In daily use in clerW work for
business firms or private corporations.
The other tests of thls^-class of examin
ations, such as the subjects of letter writ
ing and copying, are designed to be prac
tical and businesslike, and are Intended
to determine your real capacity for cler
ical work rather than your mere schol
astic acquirements. You will find It will
be of assistance to you to study carefully
the rules for marking the different sub
jects of the examination. These are pub
lished In the "Manual of Examinations"
already mentioned. By noting the classes
of errors for which specific charges are
made under this system of marking you
will be able to avoid many of them.
Taking an Examination.
On the day of the examination you
should. If possible, arrive early at the
rooms where the examination is held. In
order to avoid any feeling of nervousness
or discomfort from a sense of being hur
ried. If possible, get a good night's rest
before the examination. This Is much
more Important than to spend the time
in an endeavor to study or make special
preparation for the examination at that
late date. Having entered upon the ex
amination, carefully plan the disposition
of your time so as to give sufficient time
to the more important subjects. As a.
rule, ample time is allowed in all of the
commission's examinations for the aver
age competitor to complete his work with
out being especially hurried.
If you are examined in the same room
or at the same tables with other com
petitors It Is very important that you se
cure the absolute Integrity of your own
work. In order to do this you should use
every possible means to prevent any fel
low competitors from observing vour
work or obtaining any Information from
y £ ur ,S*V: ets ' an 3 U ls needless to sav you
should be equally careful in not attempt
ing to secure assistance from others It
not infrequently occurs that the examina
tion papers of competitors are canceled
and they are barred from future examina
tions, because of failure to observe these
requirements. . "* c Uleao
~ n receiving: the examination sheets
read fully all the Instructions which are
Panted on them for your information You
£tiiii h ™?it en ?& led tO P rocee <* much more
intelligently with your work and will not
feel disposed tp make any inquiries of the
exam ner in charge. Be sure that all thl
examination sheets belonging to your ex
amination are issued to you. and that you
»Enft co ™P Iet ed them to the best of your
ability before turning them over to the
examiner And. finally, having completed
your work, do not become Impatient if
you do not promptly receive a notice of
your averages. It frequently occurs that
because of its limited force of examiners
the work of the commission ls from two
to four months in arrears, and the needs
of the service rather than the personal
desires of the competitors determine the
order in^whlch the examination shall be
rated. ' You may feel assured, however
that your papers will be rated just aa
promptly as It is possible for the commis
sion to do so. and that Just as soon as
they are completed you will be advi«ed of
your ratings, whether you have passed or
failed to pass.
How Appointments Are Mc.de.
' Ha vinp "passed an examination and your
name being entered upon a register of ell
gibles the commission can do nothing
either to hasten or retard an appointment
The prospects for appointment are deter*
mined entirely by the needs of the nubile
service. When a vacancy occurs, which
SfiBolS IN* fr oin a Riven register of
ellgibles. it becomes th« duty of the com
mission to certify to the appointing om
eer the names of the three persons An
such register who have attained the hl»h
eat average ratings. The choice of the
nppolntlns officer ls not. however con
fined to the highest of these three, but hV
may In his discretion select any one of
them for the vacancy. The remaining two
names are In such cases entitled to fur
ther certification, and may be subseauent-
Regulations Which the Federal Government
Has Established for Those Who Seek
National Employment.
Prepared by Experts and Specialists for
¦I The San Francisco Call
PAPERS ON CURRENT TOPICS.
The remedy lies in an amendment to the Federal
constitution forbidding polygamy as it forbids slavery,
and putting its enforcement in the hands of the Fed
eral courts. We "have heretofore advised such an
amendment, and urge it now, for Mormon influence:
may soon corrupt the statutes of Idaho and Wyoming,
and the harem will become a fixed domestic institu
tion in the three States.
The bill has been plausibly defended with that
seeing hypocrisy and keen ingenuity which are always
at the command of ecclesiastical tyranny. In a ma
jority of the States the statute of adultery provides
that there shall be no prosecution except upon infor
mation filed by the wronged husband or wife. Such
a statute is intended to protect the family, which may
be destroyed by a designing outsider who for motives
of revenge might separate husband and wife by a falsr
charge against either. There is no logical, moral or
legal analogy between such a statute and the pro
polygamy law of Utah, But the church could set up a
false analogy and defend it with plausibility and power.
Such a law would reopen every harem in Utah. "Xhz
ineffable and ghostly but awful power of the church,
which reaches its busy hand into the material concerns
of its people, and passing the veil, binds or loosens is
tho spiritual world, holding them in the unbreakable
bonds of fear and superstition from the moment they
•are shirted in the holy robe consecrated in the mys
teries of the Temple to the moment of death and bc
yond its pain, would see to it that none of its children
complain.
bill provides that prosecutions for polygamy shall lie
only upon an information filed by a husband or wife
wronged by the act, or by a relative within the. sec
ond degree of consanguinity.
Our guests of to-day are men who have been
largely instrumental in advancing American trade and
industry until they have become the wonder of the
world, and San Francisco, looking across the Pa
cific to the rich Orient, and through the years to the
marvelous era that is to be, can hardly do too much
in the way of welcome to men whose example reveals
the way by which the possibilities of her trade with
the East and in the future are to be gloriously real
ized.
America needs the men who can begin life' With
nothing but pluck, health and brains and by the right
use of them become millionaires. She needs the men
who can exploit her mines, cultivate her fields, con
struct railroads and launch steamship lines, build up
cities, furnish work and wages "for her people and
maintain in all her veins that flourishing trade which
is the calm health of nations. Consequently when any
company composed of such men visit an American
community they are justly received with honor.
Fortunately the American people are not unappre
ciative of the merits of those who take the lead in
great enterprises. There may be here and there
heard the voice of envy or folly complaining of the
wealth that the leaders have obtained and trying to
detract from their merits, but such voices have little
influence upon the public mind. "The great mass of
the people understand the worth to a community of a
man who knows how to do business on a large scale.
They are also conscious of the truth of the saying of
Solomon that where there is an increase of substance
there is an increase of those who consume it. The
masters of industry and commerce do not work for
themselves only. Their energies and their thoughts
cannot be reserved for purely selfish ends. The struc
ture of society is so closely woven in warp and woof
that whoever legitimately and honestly advances his
own fortune advances at the same time the fortunes
of his fellow men.
Buhver has very justly made Richelieu describe
trade as "the calm health of nations," and boast with
honest pride that having found France with trade rot
ting in her markets he had caused it to pour through
all the veins of the kingdom "in strengthening tides."
The great captains of industry and the merchant
princes of the United States have each in his own way
helped to quicken these strengthening tides and to
augment them, and as a result their labors have been
for the benefit of all. It is difficult to measure the
debt which the people of the United States owe to
men who have known how to convert cheap raw ma
terial into valuable products and how to find in every
part of the globe the market that is most profitable
for them. It is certain, however, that communities
which do not possess such men remain always en
gaged in little things and provide but scant wage3
for labor and but little profits for industry.
It has been estimated that the members of the com
pany represent in the aggregate a capital of upward
of $1,000,000,000. That is an immense sum, and any
'small body of men who controlled it would be no
table in the world. With these men, however, their
capital is a minor consideration. The main point to
be borne in mind in their welcome is that they rep
resent the energy, the sagacity, the enterprise and the
success which have created not only the vast wealth
they control but the still vaster wealth which through
their efforts has been contributed in wages, salaries,
profits and earnings to the community in which they
live and work.
i • OT? the members of the Chicago Commercial
I Club and their guests who are now visiting the
city San Francisco has that cordial welcome
which is given to.those in whose company we delight
and whose works we honor. We are glad to have
them with us even for the short time they purpose to
stay, and we would be still more glad should some or
all of them decide to make a home and devote to the
upbuilding of San Francisco and California the ener
gies that have been so successfully applied to the
promotion of the prosperity of Chicago and Illinois.
THE MERCHANT PRINCES.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, MARCH 16,-; 1901.
\y selected for appointment. It to useless
to imagine that political or personal influ
ence will contribute to an early Rppoint
ment so far as the work of the commis
sion is concerned. No request from what
ever source will secure the certification cf
a name out of its order or lnduca the com
mission to modify in any way its regula
tions relative to the certification and se
lection of appointees.
6
OnisiJ Opera-house— "Around the World In Eighty Days."
Grand Opera-house— SVmbrich Opera Company. March IS.
Alcazar— "The Laj=t Word."
Columbia— "The Highwayman."
Alliarr.bra— "t"i!<Jer Sealed Orders."
Tivoll— "Wizard of the Nile."
Ontral — "Cartain Impudence."
• Vr.tral— Benefit rerfonr.ance Thursday right. March 2L
California— "The Telephone Girl."
Orphpum — Vaudeville.
Olyropia, corner Mafon and Eddy streets — Specialties.
Chutes, Zoo and Theater — Vaudeville every efteraoon and
evening.
Fischer's — Vaudeville.
Mechanics* Pavilion — Trained Animal Show.
Sherman-Clay Hall— IMano Recital this aftjrnoon.
California Jockey Club «.Oaklaiid)— Races.
Tar.foran Park— Kaoes.
A2XUSE2LENTO,GREEN SAILOR FALLS TO HIS
DEATH ON THE BRITISH
SHIP DITTON.
Last week Golden Gate Camp had
•work in the initiatory degree. To
morrow night there will be a business
meeting and there will be a discussion on
the subject of a proposed increase meet
ing. On the night of the 2T>th the camp
will be officially visited by Head Consul
y. A. Kalkenberg. • After the business
meeting that night there will be a social
session and a grand time in the banqust
hall of the Native Sons* building.
The Old Friends' Camp was organized
last week by Clifford McClellan. J. E.
PMr.key and Dr. F. V. Lord, and arrange
ment* are being made looking to the Insti
tution of th<> ramp at an early date.
Woodmen of the "World.
Californlans are In Xew Tork: From
San Francisco — J. K. Hanscn. at Hoffman;
H. JooFt, Mrs. M. Joo^t, at Union Square;
H. C. Norton, at Albomarle; E. H. Par
rish. at Manhattan; H. Coleman and wife,
at T_"nlon Square: S. Motheral. at Hoff
man; L. Kaiman. at Herald Square; H. T.
Rcott, S. S. Seott. W. P. Bcott, at Holland.
From Los Angeles— Mrs. C. Dainerel, at
Navarre.
NEW YORK. March 15.— The following
CALIFOBNTANS IN XTEW YOBK.
This was the closing sentence of an ad
dress made by the Rev. Ralph C. Byers of
Colorado Springs before the Cumberland
Presbyterian Synod yesterday afternoon
In urging the formation of a missionary
tocietv for men. The society was formed
on the spot in order that the heavenly
choir might be properly proportioned.
The Focicty is known as the Presby
terian Missionary Society and Is the first
5n the world formed exclusively of men.
It Is a State organization. Women here
tofore have practicaily monopolized the
missionary society work. The dues of
members of the woman's missionary so
ciety of this church are ten cents, so to
o-jtdo them the men made the dues of
their organization twenty cents a month.
The Rev. W. J. Fisher of Canon City
vcls elected president, the Rev. A. M. P.
Abbott, secretary, and the pastors of the
C'jrr.berland Presbyterian churches of the
State vice prcsldentp. Some one suggest
ed that the motto of the society be "We
fir.jr bass," but this was voted down and
condemned as frivolous.
DENVER, March 15.— "There are not
enough men in hoaven to sing bass, and
There won't be unless the men take a lit
tle more active interest in church work"
Special Dispatch to The Call.
First Society of Its Kind
Organized at a Session
in Denver.
MEN TO LABOR
FOR MISSIONS
"The treaty to be submitted must at
least contain the amendments made by
the Senate during the last session in order
to secure ratification, and in the amend
ments I include the specific declarations
that the Claytpn-Bulwer treaty is super-
Beded. I am certain that a canal billNwil]
be passed during the next session no mat
ter whether Great Britain accepts the
Senate's views or not."
"Even if the Republicans can hold their
ranks together, which in itself will be
difficult," he continued, "It will be neces
sary to secure six Democratic votes to
obtain the majority required by the con
stitution. Senator Morgan will surely ca3t
his vote for any proposition that advances
the construction of the canal and Senators
Pettus and McLaunn would probably be
willing to cast their votes with him
Three votes remain to be secured and
where these will come from I do not
know.
CALL BUREAU. 1406 G STREET, N.
¦W.. WASHINGTON, March 15.— "Greater
concessions than those embodied in the
amendments to the Hay-Pauncefote
treaty made during the last session can
not be expected from the Senate. In
fact they will not be granted. If the
treaty as amended b? submitted great dif
ficulty will be experienced in again se
curing- ratification."
A Senator who Is an authority on the
subject of isthmian canal legislation made
this statement this afternoon.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
BILL WILL PASS
AT NEXT SESSION
Pyrogrraphy outfits, sheepskins . and
fancy v-oods for burning; , cameras, al
bums and books on photography lrx
Artists' Material Department fianbora,
Vail & Co.. 7a Market at. <>
Tndlana of the Goodrich line lost her rud
der, in a storm off North Point early to
day and was left at the mercy of the
storm. The, Atlanta of the same Una
came along, and after a hard struggle
the disabled steamer was towed to har
bor, but dragged five miles south. Ef
forts were renewed and the disabled craft
was towed to port.
Disabled Steamer Rescued.
RACINE, Wls., March 15.— The steamer
Carrie Naiion at Connor
Station.
KANSAS CITY, Mo., March 15.— Threo
women, followed by a crowd of a hundrcsl
men, completely demolished al! the prop
erty of a Jointist at Connor Station. Kan
eas, fifteen miles west of Kansas City,
Kansas, to-night. Joe Garvev and J. N
Williams, the only jointists at Connor
Station, were warned last night by a com
mittee of citizens to 'close their places at
once. Williams moved his stock and fix
tures away to-day, but Garvey remains!.
At 9 o'clock Mrs. Keller, Mrs. Moore and
Mrs Hontz, residents of Connor Station,
attacked Garvey'a Joint with hatche's
and destroyed all of the fixtures and
emptied all of the liquor on the ground.
The men took no part In the affair, except
to encourage the women.
Crowd of Men Urges on Emulators of
THEEE WOMEN SMASH
A JOINT IN KANSAS
Secretary Chamberlain Promises "Lon
don Merchants That the Conditions
Will Be Improved for Commerce.
LONDON, March 3C. — An important dep
utation from the Liverpool, Manchester
and London Chambers of Commerce had
an Interview to-day with the Colonial Sec
retary, Mr. Chamberlain, on the subject of
rendering West Africa more habitable.
The delegates secured a promise that if
the Chambers of Commerce will appoint
three business men, the Government will
add a representative of the Colonial Of
fice end scientific expert and pay the ex
penses of the whole commission, the duty
of which will be to Inquire into the sani
tary conditions of West Africa- and other
matters on which depend the prosperity
of the British colonials situated in that
part of the world.
Chamberlain said he considered the mat
ter Important to all tropical colonies,
among whom the cost could be appor
tioned. He mentioned that during his five
years in office he had sanctioned the
building of over 500 miles of railroad on
the west coast of Africa,
BRITAIN WILL LOOK.
TO WESTERN AFRICA
Conservatism is very often i an aggra
vated case of scare.
but is very anxious to get ashore. Cap
tain Davis did not rvant to part' with hi:n,
however, without a quid pro quo. Talbot
was employed as a salesman with Rosen
thai, Feder & Co. about eighteen months
ago. The members of the firm spent
highly of him and say he was a gentle
manly fellow and a good salesman. After
leaving Rosenthal, Feder <fe Co. Talbot
went to the AV. H. Nolan Shoe Companv.
After leaving their employ he took up
with Baxter and both of them decided to
take a trip around the Horn to Europe.
Fearing foul play the police investigat
ed the death of Baxter yesterday. De
tective Egan went out 10 the Ditton, but
all he could learn was that the unforu
nate man was shipped as an A. B. and
the boatswain knew nothing to the con
trary until he saw Baxter climbing the
rigging. Then he -knew he had anothsr
"green hand" to break in and that did
not sweeten his temper. Talbot told the
detective that the . death of his frlenrl
made him anxious to get ashore, but ths
mate would not allow htm to go. As to
signing articles, all he could remember
was being on the water front last Thurs
day night and the next morning he awoke
in the forecastle of the Ditton. It Is ex
pected that Talbot's friends will get him
off the ship before she sails.
It Is the intention of the company to
appeal to Congress for relief and if it
falls to obtain this relief it will probably
appeal for another extension next year.
Another appeal was taken to the Sec
retary of the Interior, who was urged by
the claimants and by Senator-elect Burtor.
of Kansas. Senator Allison and Speaker
Henderson to grant longer time. The
Secretary took all the circumstances Into
consideration and decided to grant an ex
tension to April I. 1JC2, instead of to June,
1902, as the company desired.
Complaints were received at the Interior
Department of the action of the company
in fencing in public lands and running
wire fences across established trails. Com
missioner of the General Land Office Her
mann decided against the company and
was sustained by the Secretary of the
Interior. The company had the case re
opened and set up a claim that it was
rightfully In possession under an old Mex
ican grant made In 1834 to Beales and
Royuela. Commissioner Hermann decided
against them on this contention, but in
view of the large interests the company
had at stake he proposed to allow a rea
sonable time for it to vacate and sug
gested ninety days.
CALL, BUREAU. H06 G STREET. X.
W.. WASHINGTON. March 15.— Several
million acres of public domain, it is
charged, has been fenced in by a company
of cattlemen under the name of the Amer
ican Livestock Company, 'who are resist
ing every effort of the Government to
dispossess them. The land Is in New
Mexico and the brst information the Gov
ernment has been able to obtain is that
there are not less than 10.000,000 head of
cattle grazing on this range, to which, it
is alleged, its holders have not the faintest
shadow of a legal title.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Dispute in New Mexico In
volves Title to Millions
of Acres.
OWNERS RESIST
THE GOVERNMENT
CALL. BUREAU. 1406 G STREET, N.
W., WASHINGTON. March 15.— Secretary
Long approved to-day the conclusion of
Rear Admiral Crownlnshleld of the
Bureau of Navigation, that "An officer
who has been advanced in numbers for
service rendered during the war with
Spain is not to be regarded as additional
to the number allowed by law in his grade
until his promotion to a higher grade than
the one in which he receives his advance
ment takes place."
R^ar Admiral Hlgelnson, the Secretary
decides, is an officer in the grade of rear
admiral from March 3, 1901, the date of
the passage of the naval appropriation law
containing the provision regarding the ad
vancement of officers. Captain E. M.
Shepard. being then at the head of the
captains' list, will be promoted, because
a vacancy has existed at the foot of the
list of rear admirals since March 3.
Captain Frank Wildes cannot be pro
moted at the same time with Captain
Bhepard, but must await a vacancy in the
list of rear admirals. lieutenant Com
mander W. B. Bayley must await a va
cancy in the list of commanders, but when
promoted he will become an additional of
ficer in his grade. In the case of Colonel
R. W. Huntingdon, the Secretary held that
he did not create an additional number.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NAVAL RATINGS
ARE ADJUSTED
P"-r|-«^HE scarcity of sailors Is directly
I responsible for the death of o'no
I poor fellow at least. Ship captains
JJL cannot set A, B.'s to man their
vessels and in consequence they
are taking anybody the boarding master
brings them and ask no questions. As a,
result half the men that are put aboard
ships in the bay are green hands and do
not know the main yard from the cap
stan.
The British ship Dltton. Captain Davis,
has been loaded and ready for sea since
Tuesday last. Sailors were not procur
able, but a few landsmen were found
ready to listen to the glowing tales of a
life at sea told by the shipping and board
ing: master. Little the latter cared about
the life they were consigning the men to.
What they wanted was the $40 "blood
money" each man would bring when he
was once safely shipped.
Among the men sent aboard the Dltton
were John H. Baxter and Guy Talbot.
Both were well known about town and at
one time stood high In the social scale
Drink and a passion for gambling on
horseraces had brought them both to the
last ebb and after a few drinks of water
front whisky had Kone down their
throats they were readv for anything.
After breakfast this morning they were
ordered aloft to help bend the sails. Bax
ter got as far as the main yard and while
trying: to get on the crosstree he lost hla
balance and fell. Instead of falling clear
of the ship his head struck the bulwarks
and he was unconscious and dying \vh»;n
he dropped into the wat^r.
T. Crowley, the boatman, was passing in
his gasoline launch and in a few minutes
he had the dying man aboard and was on
his way to the Harbor Hospital. While
he was being: laid on the operating table
Baxter died.
Deceased had wealthy relatives in Des
•Moines, Iowa, and Buffalo. N. Y. When
he first came to San Francisco it was as
agent for the Sussex Shoe Company of
Newtown, X. J. He did remarkably well
and built up a large business. Several
years ago, when business dropped off, the
agency was dlscontinuc-a r.nd Baxter went
to work drumming- up trade for Bucking
ham & Hecht. When drink got the better
of him he had to sever hla connection
with that firm.
After being out of employment for some
time Baxter sobered uo and took the
pledge. Soon afterward he "went on th?
road" for Mauzy & Reid, wholesale shoo
dealers on Market street. A few weeks
ago there was trouble over the disappear
ance of a railroad mileage ticket and Bax
ter was charged with embezzlement. Tni»
whole matter turned out to be a mistak-j
and the charge was withdrawn. Baxter
took to drinking again and while under
the Influence of liquor was shipped on tiio
Ditton.
Guy Talbot Is still aboard the Dltton,
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, MARCH 1G, 1901.
John H. Baxter, a Traveling Salesman,
Ships on a Vessel and Is Killed.
PLUNGES TO HIS DEATH
FROM A 5HIPS YARDARM
7
— A PEPMAMENCV — AND WHILE
AlilTJSinK JK.N T3. -
"The greatest singer In the memory of living
man."— New Tork Times.
SEMBRICH SSfA-
Direction of C. L. GRAFF
MORQSGO'S GRAND OPERA-HOUSE
Weeks March 18 and 25.
Six Complete Performances. No Repetitions.
FIRST WEEK— REPERTOIRE
MONDAY EVENING. .March 18th. at 8 o'clock,
GRAND OPENING NIGHT
Rossini's Sparkling Opera,
THE BARBER OF SEVILLE
ROSINA MADAME SEMBRICH
Bertha Madame Mattfeld
Flparo Sig. Bensaude
Bartholo Sig-. Rossi
Baalllo Sig. Dado
Fiorello Sig. Galaxil
Sargente Sig. Vannl
And
Almavlva Sig. de Lara
WEDNESDAY EVE., MARCH 20th, Verdi's
....LA TRAVIATA....
VIOLETTA MADAME SEMBRICH
Flora Madame Varezil
Annlna Madame Mattfeld
Germont Sig. Bensaude
Gaston Sig. Vannl
Le Baron Sig. Dado
Docteur Big. Rossi
Marquis Sig Galazzl
And
Alfredo Sig. D'Aubigne
•
SATURDAY MATINEE AT 2.
Donizetti's
-. DON PASQUALE..
NORINA MADAME SEMBRICH
Dottore Malatesta Sig. Bensaude
Don Pasquale SIR. Rossi
Notaro.. Sig. Galazzl
Ernesto : Sig. de Lara
SECOND WEEK PERFORMANCES.
Tuesday and Thursday Evenings and Saturday
Matinee,
"RIGOLETTO." "LUCIA.." 'TAGLIACCI,"
"FAUST."
Conductor SIGNOR BEVIGNANI
Seats Xow on Sale at Box Office.
Scale of Prices— $1.50, $2.00, S3.00 and S3. 00.
GRAND' OPERA MOUSE
MATINEES TO-DAY AND TO-MORROW.
Last Two Nights of the Gorgeously Beautiful
AROUND fSf WORLD
IN EIGHTY DAYS.
PRICES 10c. 13c. 25c and 50c
Few Front Rows In Orchestra. 75c. Good
Reserved Seats in Orchestra at all Matinees,
25c.
Branch Ticket Office, Emporium.
MONDAY EVENING— SEMBRICH GRAND
OPERA COMPANY.
BEJbaSCO AmnTHALVS^^j^
Phone South 533.
MATINEE TO-DAY and TO-MORROW (Sun-
day.)
TO-NIGHT and TO-MORROW (Sunday) Ev'g.
Last Performances of the Patriotic Drama,
CAPTAIN
IMPUDENCE.
Exciting Battle Scenes, Beautiful Scenery, etc.
DDIPEC Evenings 10c. 15e, IWc, r«Oo
rlUtL J Matinees 10c. 15c. 25c
Next Week. Beginning With Matfiiee Mon-
day — TJlon Boudcaulfs Great Irish Drama,
"COLLEEN RAWS." James M. Ward as
Myles Na Coppaleen.
BELASCO & THALL'S
CENTRALJBEATER.
THURSDAY NIGHT, March 21, 1901
BENEFIT
FOR DEPENDENT MOTHERS. WIDOWS
AND ORPHANS OF ENGINEERS WHO
LOST THEIR LIVES IN THE DISAS-
TROUS WRECK OF THE
S.S.RIODE_JANIERO
Given Under the Auspices of th«
MARINE ENGINEERS' BENEFICIAL^ASSO-
CIATION No. 85.
Tickets- "One Dollar,
.....LAST TWO NIGHTS.....
MATINEES TO-DAY AND SUNDAY.
Augustln Daly's best comedy.
The Last Word
Next- Week— The New York Madison Square
Theater Fares Hit.
THE PROPER CAPER.
FISCHER'S concert house.
riOl/nun O Admission lOc.
Flechtl's Tyrolean Troupe.' Egry, Irene Kober,
George Sisters, Trlxeda, the Leons, Chester,
Matt Keefe ant} Klnrichs' Orchestra. Reserved
Beats, 25c. Matinee Sundcy.
AMTJST7TW K N TS.
*TJVPO*
EVEXIXG3 AT 8. MATIN KU SATUEDAtT
AT 2.
LAST NIGHTS! LAST NIGHTS!
"SEE HIM BEFORE HE SKIPS OVER TITO
HOT SANDS."
WIZARD
Of ]\f w w ET ¥
THE lyjLiEdi
March 18— i4 THE_WEDDING DAY. 11
POPULAR PRICES 23c and Ma
Telephone— Bush 9.
f*ftl HMD IH «.t fbmcisco-s
W ULUlWiD_lA LEADING THEATH£
MATINEE TO-DAT. ;
TO-NIGHT. StJNDAT NIGHT ". '?
And ALL NEXT WUEK. 1 • * T
DE KO\ r EN and SMITH' 3
Moat Successful Opera.
"THE HIGHWAYMAN"
Together ¦with the 'World's Greatest Dancer.
LA LOIE FULLER,
PRESENTING THE GRANDEST EKFECT3
EVER SHOWN!
In "The Archangel" and "The Tempest."
• PRICES— tZc to Jl 50.
Bex and Loge Seats. S3 and $2 SO.
MATINEE, TO-DAT (SATURDAY), March 18.
Parquet, 23c. any seat; balcony, 10c; children.
10c. any part except reserved.
VAUDEVILLE'S JVEKT BEST.
Bunth and Rudd Co.. Mr. and Mrs. Mark Mur-
phy. Beatrice Mnreland and Company. Lea
Trols Freres Macagmo. Wilson and Warins.
Katherlne Blonde-nod. Johnny Johns, tao
Great American BiOKraph and
EVERT EVENING — MATINEE TO-r>AT
She Is Clever, Lovely. Charming — "THE
TELEPHONE
(jjlltL. ..ALL NEXT WEEK
The Members of Her Company Are All Artists.
Including
g> WHO ARE PRETTY!
(JIkL.5 WHO can ' DANCE! ¦>
.- Evening iSc, 35e. 5Oc. T5e. SI.
Matinee SSc. ISOc, 75c.
• SEATS NOW READY.
PHONE SOUTH 770.
E\*ERY EVENTNO.
MATINEE TO-DAT.
STAMPED WITH THE SEAL OF SUCCESS.
UNDER the
SEALED romantic
ORDERS C0MEDY
PRICES:
15 c. 25c. SSc, 5Oc.
TO-MORROW AFTERNOON— The Big Nnr
Tork Sensation.
(SOMETHING NEW AND NOVEL.)
"THB ANGEL OF THE ALLEY.**
MECHANICS^ PAVILION
...TO- DAY...
AND EVERY DAY THIS WEEK.
performances at 2:30 and 3 p. m. dally.
• NORRIS & ROVVE'S
BIG TRAINED ANIMAL SHOWS.
I^AST PERFORMANCE NEXT STJNDAT.
300-PERFORMING ANIMALS— 400
The Greatest Aggregation cf Educated Animals
ta the World.
Elephants. Zebras. Goats. Sea Lions. Ponies.
Monkeys. Doss. Ant Eaters and Zebus.
First tlm» in this city of Mr. "Winston and his
wonderful school of EDUCATED SEALS. th«
moat marvelous animal act In the world.
HERR SETTLER, ths famous German animal
trainer, and his small Clown Elephant.
Seat sal* opens at Pavilion To-day at 10 a. a.
PRICES— ADULTS. ISc: CHILDREN. 10c.
Phone South 720.
RACING ! RACING I RACING I
1900— WINTER MEETING— 1301.
CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB.
OAKLAND RACETRACK.
Racine Monday. Tuesday. "Wednesday. Toura«
day, Friday and Saturday. Rain or ahlna.
Fire or more races each day.
Rases start at 2:15 p. m. sharp.
Ferry-boats leave San Francisco at 12 m. and
12:30. 1. 1:30, S, t:M and 3 p. m.. connecting
with trains stovx>lsc at the entrance to th*
track. Last two cars on train reserved for
ladles and their escorts; no gmoklng. But jour
ferry tickets to Shell Mound. Alt trains vi*
Oakland mole connect with San Pablo avenu*
electric cars at Seventh and Broadway. Oak-
land. Also all trains via Alameda mol- con-
nect with Pan Pablo avenue cars at Fourteenth
and Broadway. Oakland. These electric can
go direct to the track in fifteen minutes.
Returnlsr— Trains leave the track at 4:13 and
4: ii p. m. and Immediately after th# last raca.
THOMAS H. WILLIAMS JR.. President.
R. B. MILROY. Secretary.
Weekly Call, $1 per Tea,.
onescure. S2the
cost When the remedy Is cone *o »f »•«¦ Piles.
ThU Tronderful cur* for Piles for Kale by the
following UP-TO-DATE DRUGGISTS:
No Percentage Drug Co.. »4» Market «t-
J S Pott« Drue Co.. filrtrtbutlas depot for
Fan Francisco. 1016 Market et
Lion Phannary. Si* Market ct.. cor. Btockton.
»IcDonneir« J»hannacy. 108 Grant ave.
J. CaleicariR. Kearny an« Pacific ata.
J. H. Boyacn. Twenty-tinst and \ alencla »t».
Dahlbender & Co.. 214 Kearny et.
Val gchmlflfs. Polk an-J Jackson ets.
The Grant I)ru«r Co., 3S-4C Third et.
Dr. H. Ii. Kllboarn. £51 Third et.
>Tes« Pharmacy. Market and Van Ness.
"Wm. J. Bryan, under Urand Hotel.
JC. B. Thomr«on. Steuart and Market ets.
Root's. Sixth and Howard 6t«.
Eearby'« Pharmacr. cor. Sutter and Stockton.
E. P. Bayly, cor. Grant ave. and Sutter et.
Andrew O!«en. «00 Geary et.
Frel B. Hultin*. cor. Third and Howard sts.
Park Hotel Pharmacy. Alameda.
Bender** Alameda Pharmacy, Alameda.
H! >>•'» Drur Store. Alameda.
Pond'* Berkeley Pharmacy. Berkeley.
Or^cod Bro«.. Seventh and Broadway. Oakland.
Wlshart's Dru* Store, cor. Tenth and Wash-
ington ets.. Oakland.
Inmtin & Son. San Rafael
you continue to
Jtt a nappy life u here riles don't enter &o"tc-
llmt Firtt fts enerclse. then sedentiry occupa.
lion, but however they come » e have n remedy
IT GOES ON PILES MULTIPLY
:S A FAD -IS HERE TO STAY
ADVEETISEMENTS.
A Perfect Food Drink
TKe little folKs enjoy
tKe distinction of drinking'
coffee— just liKe mamma
and papa.
Let the table beverage be Figprune
and they can join with the family in
partaking of a rich, nourishing drink made
of choice figs, prunes and grain.
j^^ Healthful-^-invigorating— .
I ; B GST A nutritious.
I V^EREALJ Boil from S\o tO minutes only
VCOFFEE^ ALL GROCERS SELL
: ;-%fcL :: -" \^r ~ ' Figprune Cereal.
%n i. mii , ,n» l . l i.ifT,,, l . l i, , I ¦ ¦• Jr
H3|^^j^^n^nk« A home is never complete without children. Yet many homes are child* «?|i
Hj J^BfflB^^^BH^Hf less. Many wives are- desolate for the lack of a child to love. Their lives arc j&m
Hi aimk-ss — void of the hi^h motives of motherhood. While barrenness is causing g^
|^j^g^Sy^^§g| incalculable sadness and sorrow, it exists in most cases on account of some little k^i
K.*^^a^ v^S"^^^^ female trouble, which Wine of Cardui would speedily set right This pure Wine fcg
HP^^iwA^t^^ j^HI regenerates the disordered female organs by building up the worn out nerves $M
H» i . /j KRoL - J&k and re 5 ulatin 5 tnc menstrual flow. It restores the fallen womb to its proper fc*i
VA^f I >^^» /Jj\ P' acc - B y strengthening the generative organs, it makes pregnancy possible 'tS
J$[ I &y&«^%£jlk where barrenness exists. You can depend on pa
HhII Suffering women all over the land have been depending on it for seventy-five |&d
ircA i^^^^^^lk^^l y^r** No more convincing proof can be given than the testimony of. Mrs. Y0M
Jones, who is only one of thousands of women to whom Wine of Cardui has gll
brought a permanent cure. Many cases of miscarriage — that trouble which Wih
jKsy*riirf iBTirn-irB ro^ mothers of their hopes — have been avoided by timeiy use of the Wine. K$l
¦pl You are asked to try Wine of Cardui and Thedford's Black-Draught, its companion medicine. Nine out /||f
j^^ of ten cases of female trouble, barrenness included, yield to them. All druggists sell $1.00 bottles of |ij\
Hgsf Last May I had a miscarriage, which wu followed by flooding. I read your Almanac and my husband got me fl^J
Ite&l a bottle of Wine of Cardui and it stopped my flooding and restored my fallen womb to Its place. Now I am cured f|£2
££§1 after taking three bottles end have another to take which I got this morning. I am expecting to become a mother ip£
ISQ and Wine of Cardui will be my doctor. ' Hri. XARY L BENSON. fc a
f§«f For art- fee and literature, address, eirintr symptoms, "The Ladies' Adrisorj OS
DepiTtujont," The Chattanooga Medicine Company, Chattanooga, Tenn. tC*3
Ml big deal
M WALK-ON
\W Ml *rSfc #
Being the largest shoe house in San Francisco we have been selected
to introduce the celebrated "WALK-01T" shoes on this coast.
These shoes have srained an enviable reputation throughout the East,
having all the style and wearing qualities usually found in a $5.00 shoe.
They are made in Vici Kid, Patent Leather. Box Calf and Velour
Calf. ALL STYLES— ALL SIZES—ALL WIDTHS.
We have been 35 years in the shoe business in the center of San
Francisco, and when there is anjthing good in the shoe line we know it.
Therefore we were not slow in securing the sole agency for WALK-ON
SHOES.
We have just received two carloads of these celebrated shoes and will
place them on sale to-day.
If this deal we have made should paralyze the Shoe trade of Sin
Francisco for a time our jrood fortune in securing the sale agency will be
shared by our customers.
We Guarantee Every Pair.
NOTICE TO COUNTRY CUSTOMERS.
These shoes are as good as those usually sold for $5.00 and $6.00.
If they are not as good as we represent them they MAY BE RE-
TTJBNE13 at our expense. 1
STORE CLOSES AT 6 P. M. SATURDAYS AT u P. M.
WE HAVE NO BRANCH STORES.
FOR STOMACH DISORDERS,
GOUT and DYSPEPSIA,
DRINK
Best NATURAL Alkaline Water,
nil i pp These hotels pos-
rALAut f s "t 4 f he ? t ; ribut "
that tourists and
pnfj travelers appreciate
flllll — central location,
pQAlin liberal m a n a g e-
UllnrlL) ment, modern ap-
linTn O pointmcnts and
HUltlOi P erfect cuisine,
IIUI&.&.UJ American and Eu _
Sail FranCiSCO. ropean plans.
• <<#££^\ ONE PJIOCO
7^m8$k BCTTLE tunhS
/ MCBURNEY'S
* yp* ?{]«/ iviuiicy cure
Sri *?v A thorough cure for
tf\ I C P&ins is the back,
VJ A BRICHT'S DISEASE,
.^^^ 24 r /^ femalo troubles,. incon-
tluence of urine, brick dnst deposits, bed-
vctting of children, 'gravel, gnll atones,
dropsy, diabetes, and rheumatism.
FOR SALE AT
DAHU3ENDER DRUG CO.. 214 Kearny «t.
Send 25c in 2c stamps to W. F. McBurney,
419 S. Spring &t., Log Angeles, Cal., for 5
days' treatment. Prepaid Jl 50. Druggists.
A VISIT OR- JORDAN'S 3REATH
IHOSEUH OF MATQBYf
f £& 10ElJiASETW.fot.fcl«a.fi.J.tel.|l
T J^s The Largest Anatomical Museum ta tbe
m wtj"*rit. _ World. WefcfcnetMs or any contracted <
v Xj*-j fSJ diie«e p«_-«Jti»»ljr curallijrtlie oldsst '
(J> fiS»3l : >P« c '» J »«< : » ti *- CoMfc list. 36 year*. \\
(r $fft:i M- J08MH-HMATE DISEASES 4
K m 6lje|&J3 CeiiMiltation fr-o and itTirtty prirate. \
\R flFSlwt '*«•'•»« Curt In every use undertaker.. \
Ajflflf \\tg> Write for Bock. raiLO!«>rni>r A
W ¦ tf |1 HIABEIIACC, MAILED FF.38. (AT
A A f*i' valuable boot for mm; ¦ >
7 Oil JOBDAN A €•.. 1051 Market Bt.,8. P. V
V%ggg5ji3BBBSgffl remedy for Oonorrhwc.
Gleet, S pe rmat o« rh«i a,
,«5iSjria ! to S.!«r« N3 Whitn'. unnatural dij-
M)ttdt Ou»rantced W charge . or any iD&Hnma-
¦Ssf not to itricmre. tioD, 1 ritatiun. or ulcera-
j» *% fretenta contigion. tion f ihucour mem-
BFTS1tkeEv»KS CHEKiCtiCo. bran". Non-astrinj?ent.
w5isa.ciNciNNATi.o -KSS3 SoU1 ? T ¦ > ™« u **»
"flyCJjm. -n a a j&SKT 0 * BPnt in P lain wrapper,
" .lawn! 9 fc y express, prepaid, for
VvNfflBftMtaM^y&'M $1.(0, or 3 bottlM, |2.79.
v *^QiXS&BP*>' is ".: mlar sent on roiueaU
NEW WESTERN HOTEL,
KEARNT AND WASHINGTON STS.-RE-
modeled and renovated. KING, WARD ft
CO. European plan. Rooms, COc to Jl 50 day;
$5 to JS week; $S to $20 month. Free baths; hot
and cold water every room ; fire grates In every
room; elevator runs all night.
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DAMIANA, BITTERS. THE
great Mexican remedy; gives health and
Ftrensth to sexual organs. Depot. 313 Market.
AMUSEMENTS.
THIS AFTERNOON.
JUVENILE PERFORMERS'
MATINEE
SPECIAL TO-NIGHT!
Big Cakewalk !
COMMENCING " TO-MORROW.
LEAH MAY,
The Tallest Woman in the World.
¦ Telephone for . Seats— Park 23. .
SHERMAN, CLAY & CO.'S HALL
j ¦ TO-DAY AT 3x15 P. At.
LAST nECITALr^—
MME. TERESA
CAR RENO,
THE WORLD'S GREATEST PIANIST. .
Reserved seats. |2 00, {1 50 and $1 CO. On aale
at • Sherman," Clay & Co.'s.
ADVERTISEMENTS.TO SAIL.
VICTORIA— Arrived March IS— Br bark Sen
ator, from Wei Hal Wef.
KIAOCHAU — Arrived March 10— Br Btmr
Caithness, from Tacoma.
KINGS ROAD— Arrived March 14— Br ship
Genista, from Oregon.
LIVERPOOL- Arrived March 13— Fr bark La
Fontaine, from Oregon.
YOKOHAMA-Eailed March lS-Stmr Taco
ma, for Tacoma.
SYDNEY— Arrived March It— Schr Oliver J
Olsen. from Grays Harbor.
¦ HAMBURG— Arrived prior to March 15— Ger
Btmr Isls. hence Nov 24.
GUAYMAS-Salled March 15-Schr Fearless,
for Pu;et Sound.
NEWCASTLE. NSW- Arrived March ft— Ship
Faramlta. from Melbourne. March 12 — Ship
Servia, from Melbourne. -
Sailed March 15— Schr Columbia, for Hono
lulu.
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer Movements.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
NEW TORK— Arrived March 15— Stmr Bar
barosa, from Bremen.
GENOA— Arrived • March 15— Stmr Trave.
from New York, via Gibraltar and Naples.
QUEENSTOWN— Arrived March 15— Stmr Lu
canla, from New York. * for Liverpool, and
proceeded. . .
Sailed March 15— Stmr New England, from
Liverpool, for Boston.
SOUTHAMPTON— Arrived March 15— Stmr
Vaderland. from New York. '
HAMBURG— Arrived prior to March 13— Stmr
Isls. from San Francisco, via Valparaiso and
St .Vincent, C V.
HAVRD-Arrived March .15— Stmr La Bre
tagne, from New York.
MOVILLE — Sailed March 13 — Stmr Furnessla.
from Glasgow, for New York.
LONDON— Sailed March 15— Stmr Marquette.
for New York.
SATURDAY. MARCH 16.
Sun rises g.-a,
Sun sets «-ig
Moon rises- 3:22 a. m.
. The man •who, climbing the ladder of
fame, turns to jeer at those on the lover
rungs, is likely to take a tumble.
Wedding invitations and visiting; cards
?ngraved and printed. Correct forms and
noderate prices. Sanbom, Vail & Co.,- 7U
IN-SOLVENT PHTSICIAX.— Dr. J. llcFad
ren. a physician of Chieo. Butte County, filed
» petition in Insolvency yesterday in the United
Ptates District Court. His liabilities are stated
It »:::* C5 and his assets at t95.
NOTB-In the above exposition of the tides
the e*rly morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day In the order of occurrence as to time ol
day; the third time column gives the last tide
of the day, except when there are but three
tides, as sometimes occurs. The. heights plven
are. In addition to the soundings on the United
States Coast Survey charts, except when a
minus <-) elan.rrecedes the height,, and then
the number given is subtracted from the depth
riven . by the charts. The plane of : reference
is the mean of the lower low waters. :
Sun, Moon and Tide.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Lou
Water» at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE-rThe hlgrh and low waters occur at
tfc« city front (MUslon-strect wharf) about
twenty-five rMnutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide is the same at both places.*
CLEARED.
Friday, March 15.
Stmr Indiana. Morle, Manila, via Honolulu;
U S Government. i
Stmr Equator. Walker, Chlenek; Hume Bros
& Hume.
Stmr Jeanic, Mason. Ketchlkan. via New
"Whatcom; Pacific Steam Whallnsr Co.
Jap stmr America Maru, Going, Hongkong
and Yokohama, via Honolulu: W H A very. •
Br ship Dltton, Davis. Queenstown; Balfour,
Guthrie & Co.
Bark Fresno, Peterson, Prince Williams
Sound; Alaska Packers' Association.
Schr J B L*eds, Landsren, Tacoma: Wm
Johnson.
SAILED.
Friday, March 15.
Stmr Czarina. Seaman, Seattle.
Stmr Geo Loomis. Badger. Ventura.
Etmr Corona, Gielow. San Pedro.
Stmr Gip«y, Leland. Santa Crux.
Stmr Indiana, Morle. Manila.
Etmr Newsboy, Ohlstrom, .
Stmr Prosreso, Monroe. Tacoma.
Stmr Washtenaw. Zollin*. Tacoma.
Stmr Navarro, Jensen. .
Stmr National City, Dettmers. Eureka.
Jap stmr America Maru, Going-, Hongkong,
etc. ••;¦¦.-"
Bark Kaiulanl, Dabel Honolulu.
Bktn Echo. Bellesen, Wlllapa.
Schr Amethyst. Zimmerman, Coqullla River.
Schr Conflanza, Christensen. Coqullle River.
Schr Rio Rey, Olaen, Mendoclno.
SPOKEN.
Feb 25. lat 17 55 S. Ion 37 50 W— Br ehip
Speke. hence Nov 11, for Quwnstown.
March 7, lat 45 N, Ion 30 W— Br ship County
of Edinburgh, from Oregon, for Queenstown.
March 13, 40 miles below Nagasaki— Ger bark
H Haekfeld. from Philadelphia, for Nagasaki.
telegraphic:
POINT LOBOS, March 15, , 10 p m— Weather
hazy; wind calm, .-c-v;- v i; .'~v / : " :
DOMESTIC PORTS.
POINT LOBOS— Passed March .13. 7 t m—
S'mr W H Kruter, from Tlllamook. for San
Pedro; 9 a m— Stmr Coronado, from Grays
Harbor, for San Pedro,
EUREKA— Arrived March 15— Stmr Pomona,
hence March 14: Ftmr Nome City, hence March
14: schr Lottie Carson, from San Pedro.
Sailed March 13 — Stmr San Pedro, for San
Francisco.
TACOMA-Salled March -15-Shlp- Florence,
for Honolulu. <•
SAN PEDRO — Arrived March 15 — Stmr
Brunswick, hence March 13; etmr 'Whitesboro,
from Greenwood. ...
ASTORIA— Arrived March 15-Stmr Alliance,
hence March 9. • . ¦ ! > .
SAN DIEGO— Arrived March . 15— U S stmr
Mohican, hence March 6. - "¦
Sailed Marph 15— Schr Bertha Dolbeer. - for
Eureka. - •
SEATTLE-Salled March 14— Stmrs Dirip>
and Victoria, for" Skajruay. .
Sailed March 15— Br stmr Kintuck. for Port-
PORT LOS ANGELES— Sailed March 15— Br
Btmr Algoa, for Xanalmo. . •
NEAH BAY— Papsed March 15— Br ship Eulo-"
mene, from Victoria, for San Francisco.
EASTERN ; PORT.
-.NEW YORK— Arrived March 14— Stmr Ad
vance, from Colon.
FOREIGN PORTS.
QiTEEXSTOWN—Arrlved March 15— Br ship
Kllmory, - from Portland. Or;, Br bark Inver
amsay. hence Oct 1"; Ger bark Nomia. from
Portland, Or.: -
.Sailed March 13— Fr bark Vllle'da Mulhouse,
for Limerick. *
• ¦ :•¦ ' •. x >+ :
SLIGHT DELAY
IN COMPLETING ATLAS.
CHICAGO, March 7, 1901.
John D. bpreckels, Proprie
tor of Tne Call, San Francisco:
Owing to delay of Government
in compiling and revising cen
sus it will be impossible to
ship first carload of atlasss or
dered by you before March
3Oth. They -will go forwrard
promptly that day by fast
freight
GEORGE F. CHAM.
Z1ABOR COTJNCIX MEETS.
AND ADOPTS RESOLUTIONS
Will Bequest Supervisors to Pass
Ordinance Compelling- Employ
ment of Night Watchmen.
The San Francisco Labor Council met
last night and adopted resolutions ex
pressing sorrow for the death of the
three stablemen who lost their£llves at
the fire in the Morton stables. A reso
lution was also adopted requesting the
appointment by the Council of a commit
tee of three members to appear before the
Hoard of Supervisors to request the pass
ing: of an ordinance compelling all stable
keepers to employ a. night watchman.
The delegates from the Retail Clerks'
Association reported tne expulsion of N.
W. Hall, a member of the association, for
conduct unbecoming a union ir.an and fel
low clerk.
The Hackmen's Union has decided that
its members are not to carry patrons to
or from Techau's Tavern. . .
The delegates from the Carpet Mechan
ics' Union reported that the rules under
which they work have been adopted by
all the houses in the city in which the
members of their union are employed.
A communication was received from
Portland. Or., stating that there was
trouble there over the actions of the
brewery men, which unless soon settled
would lead to a boycott and a calling out
of the drivers of beer wagons.
Delegates to tKe Council from the Por
ters' and Packers' Union were admitted.
This union iias be<»n but lately organized.
The Shinclers'. Union at Its meeting last
night decided to hold a reception in honor
of the return of Past President Thomp
son next Friday evening at 1159 Mission
Etreet. Mr. Thompson has been la Eu
rope for the last three years.
Broommakers' Union Formed.
The local broommakers have organized
a, union for the purpose of combating
Chinese and convict labor in that branch
of trade. A charter has been granted by
the National Broonsmakers' Union and
the organization has been admitted to the
Ban Francisco Labor Council. The ques
tions of wages and hours have not been
considered as yet. but . union labels will
be placed on all goods from union fac
tories and this, it -is thought, will gain
the desired patronage over cheaper prod
ucts. The following officers have . been
elected: President. W. Turner; secretary,
G. Daly: treasurer. J. Holden: delegate to
Labor Council, H. S. Potts.
THE OCEANIC STEAMSHIP COMPANY'S AUSTRALIA AND THE CALIFORNIA AND ORIENTAL COMPANY'S KUR
VEN ARRIVING FROM TAHITI AND CHIXA AND THE UNITED STATES ARMY TRANSPORT INDIANA
AND AMERICA MARU DEPARTING FOR MANILA AND THE ORIENT.'
Services for St Patrick.
Special services will be held In Holy
Cross Church on Sunday. St. Patrick's
day. In commemoration of Erin's patron
saint A solemn high mass will be cele
brated at 11 o'clock by Rev. Robert Ses
non of San Rafael and the subject of his
sermon will be. "Was St. Patrick a Pap
ist?" Rev. Fathers Brockage and Harvey
of St. Patrick's Seminary and Rev. Fath
er Ryan of Holy Cross Church will assist
at the mass.
Time Ball.
Branch HydrosraphJc Office, U. S. N., Mer
chants' Exchange. Saa Francisco, Cat.
March 15. 1901.
The time ball on the tower of th» new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day—
t. e.. at noon of the 120th meridian, or at S
o'clock p. m.. Greenwich time.
c. o. CAUCrxs.
Lieutenant Commander. U. S. >J., In charge.
NEWS OF OVERDUE FLEET.
German Bark Henry Haekfeld, on
Which Reinsurance Was Paid,
Arrives.
The underwriters were a little, 'more
hopeful while the reinsurance gamblers
were Joyful yesterday when the news of
the arrival of the Henry Haekfeld at
Xaeasakl was cabled. The bark left Phila
delphia 215 days aero and nothing was
heard from her until Thursday night,
when a dispatch to the Merchants' Ex
change announced that on March 13 she
I ¦was ten miles south of her destination.
When the underwriters first began rein
suring the rate was only 5 per cent, but it
kept on increasing until on Thursday
morning last 35 per cent •was procurable.
On the British ship Ardnamurchen,
which left the Frazer River for Liverpool
on November 2G with 73,578 cases of sal
mon, the rate has again gone to 55 per
cent. At one time it was as high aa CO
per cent, but some favorable news mado
the rate drop to 45 per cent. It has been
gradually increasing during the week and
if some news from the vessel does not
come soon it ¦will take another jump. The
John Moijnnald, now 181 days out from
Baltimore Tor San Francisco, has not ad
vanced any, but the Khorasan, now out
225 days from Tampa for Yokohama, and
the Elizabeth Nicholson, now out 108 days
from British Columbia for Shanghai, have
gene up 5 points and &0 per cent is now be
ing offered by the underwriters. •
"Water Front Notes.
\\ . E. Badger has taken command of the
oil steamer George Loomis. vice Captain
Blodgett, who is taking a vacation.
Captain J. K. Lundin has taken com
mand of the schooner Elizabeth.
The steamship Leelanaw has been
chartered by the Panama Railroad Com
pany and will go on the Central American
run next month. For over a year she car
ried horses and freight to Manila for the
Government, but latterly she has been in
the coal trade between here and Seattle.
The United States training ship Adams
arrived from Honolulu yesterday. She
has been away on a lengthy cruise with
about 250 apprentice boys. She came home
by way of San Diego and other southern
City Attornsv Lane ; filed an opinion
with the Supervisors' Judiciary Committee
yesterday. In which he holds that the
board has no power to compel the Spring
Valley Water Company to Increase the
size of its mains where they now exist, or
to lay new mains where there are none In
order to secure ample nre protection. The
opinion 'was confirmed by the committee,
which also reported that the board has
no right to force any quasi-public corpor
ation to extend its plant. The opinion
says :
It appears that the Board of Supervisors pur
poses allowing Interest upon $400,000, which haa
not yet been expended by the Spring: Valley
.Water Company. Such action from a legal
standpoint would be miwarrantM. The prin
ciple Is now thoroughly well established that In
the Using of water charges a reasonable rate of
interest shall be allowed upon the plant and
property actually used by the company in the i
supplying of water.
The people are not to be compelled to pay a
higher price for water in order that the com
peny may be enabled to carry out projected
improvements. It is only after such better
ments have become part ot the water supply
system that' the city may allow Interest upon
the Investment made. '
On the general pro, j ."i ion, whether a water
company can be.com;K.-;'.e<l to lay water mains
of "an increased size so as to more' fully protect
the city aeolnst fire, I have discovered no au
thorities whatever, either adjudicated case or
law writer's text, to sustain the contention of
the board.
If irrespective of the matter of water rates
now under your consideration it is desired to
determine the matter in the courts I shall be
pleased to Institute such proceedings as you
may suggest. . . ...
Supervisor Reed submitted an amend
ment to the water rate ordinance yester
day to the Water Committee of the Board
of Supervisors, which provides that if the
Spring Valley Company will agree to per
form all the work designated in the report*
of the Chief Engineer of the Fire Depart
ment at an estimated cost of $433,000 the
city will pay the sum of $20,000 per month
for fire protection and flushing streets and
sewers. If the work is not prosecuted
immediately the Supervisors may retain
out of the -K-ater rates $140,000 of the
money provided for the compensation of
the company.
Reed figures out that under the ordi
nance the company will receive $1,767,499
as revenue, and not $1,669 9S6.10 as reported
by the committee. In other words, the in
come Is reduced by J62.000 and not 5140,000.
City. Attorney Lane j So Decides.
Supervisor Heed Offers Amend
* ment Relating 1 to Pay for •
Hydrants.
Water Company May Not
Be Forced to Increase
Size of Mains. .
CANNOT COERCE
SPRING VALLEY
The feeling between the attorneys for
the city of Oakland and counsel for the
Contra Costa Water Company is even
more strained than heretofore. Tester
day Judge Hayne. special counsel for the
city, filed an application for a writ of pro
hibition in the Supreme Court which if
granted will prevent Judge Hart of Sac
ramento, who is hearing the case, from
restraining the present Council from fix
ing rates until he has reached a decision.
It appears that the water rate case has
been on trial before Judge Hart since Oc
tober 4. 1SCK). Scores of witnesses have
been examined and a large amount of tes
timony has been taken. On Wednesday
afternoon last the attorneys for the water
company sprung a surprise on the coun
sel for the city. They asked leave to file
a. supplemental complaint, which in itself
was a restraining order preventing the
City Council from fixing rates. Despite
the strenuous objections of Judge Hayne,
the court allowed it to be filed.
When it dawned on counsel for the city
that the filing of the complaint prevented
his clitnts from fixing water rates he pre
pared a lengthy legal document, in which
r.e set forth the entire matter. This-he
tiled with .the Supreme Court clerk yes
ttrfiay.
That the move en the part of the water
ccmpar.y's attorneys was a clever. one is
*>videnced by the facts in the matter. A
fev days ago a new City Council -was
elected in Oakland. The code expressly
states that water rates must be fixed in
February of each year to povern during
the following twelve months that elapse
after July 1. •when the rates go into ef
fect. Owing to the present litigation the
present City Council has not had an op
portunity to fix the rates for the coming
ytar. but Intended doing so before their
successors in office came into power in
April. The ruling of Judpe Hart practi
cally nullifies its power and therefore the
City Council, through its counsel, is mak
ing a strenuous effort to have the court's
ruling set aside.
It is said that the water company wouldj
rather have the new Council fix the water
rates, as the corporation fears it might
gret the worst of It if the present Council
does po. At any rate, the matter will un
doubtedly come up for argument before
the Supreme Court within a few days and
some heated arguments will be heard from
both sides.
Bob€rt Y. Hayne, Special Counsel for
City, A&ks for a Writ of Pro-*
Mbition Against
Judge Hart. , ...
Oakland's Contest With
Contra Costa Company
Waxing Warm. ;
WATER HATE CASE
IN SUPREME COURT
fe>r|«a HE arrival and departure of ocean
1 1 made things lively
I along: the front yesterday. Tho
Jl transport Indiana got away for
Manila and the Toyo Kisen Kai
sha's America Maru sailed for the Orient.
The Oceanic Steamship Company's Aus
tralia arrived from Tahiti and the Cali
fornia and Oriental Steamship Company"?
Kvarven from China.
The Indiana got away from the wharf
about 12:30 p. m., but it was fully an hour
and a half after that cefore she went to
sea. Her compasses had to be adjusted
and Pilot Ott took her into the upper 'bay
In order to do the work. The Indiana
took away a battalion of the Twenty
eighth Infantry and Company D of/ the
Tenth Infantry. Major Yeatman went
out In command and with -him were Lleu
-tenants Halstead, Dabuev and Peck. As
sistant Timekeeper Brandt, on the trans
port wharf, was taken away much against
his will. He went aboard to say good-by
to some friends and when he came on
deck the gangway was in and the trans
port under way. All the employes on th«
wharf gathered around the lost dolphin
and' waved Brandt. a tender farewell.
Should Brandt not cet ashore on a tug
he will board the pilot boat with Captain
Ott and come ashore this morning.
The America Maru sailed promptly at 1
p. m. and was well on her way to Hono
lulu before the Indiana passed out through
the Golden Gate. She took away 75 cabin
passengers and 115 Chinese in the steerage
An unusually large and valuable cargo
went away on the steamship. The follow
ing is a list of the cabin passengers, in
cluding those who are to Join at Honolulu:
For Yokohama— A. L. Bagnall. Rev. A. J.
Brown, Mrs. A. J. Brown, C. Bohlen, Mrs. A.
J. Bulkley, B. Duncan, Miss A. H. Dyer, Miss
B. L. Edwards, Miss Kuatis. J. Guggenheim.
Mrs. J. Guggenheim. AV. E. Hartnese, Miss
Evelyn Leonard, Mrs. M. Mansfield, R. J.
McGlnnls, K. Mlgakawa, L. II. Morgan* Mrs.
L. H. Morgan. S. Nakasano, Miss S. E. Nell
son, S. NUhiyama. M. Oshtma, Mica E. A.
Preston. G, B. Petteneell. R. E. Schlrmer,
Mrs. It. E. Schlrmer, T. Suglmoto, R. B. Taft,
Mr. Travers.
For Kobt^-I. Hashimoto. W. J. Thompson.
For Shanghai— Dr. T. \V. Ayers. Mrs. T. \V.
Ayers and rour chlldien, W. Drosemeier, Mrs.
W. Drosemeier. Mrs. J. L. Latlmer, child. In
fant and servant, P. V. Ligda, R. H. Parker.
For Hongkong— T. M. Freeman, Mrs. T. M.
Freeman, M. D. Garratt, Rev. W.'A. Goodell,
Miss E. D. Irvine. Mrs. M. Jorgenson. Miss
Marlx, Lieutenant H. G. Macfarlane, J. R..
McKenzie, Surgeon Franklin Rogers, Miss L.
Sandman, Miss L. M. Stewart, Rev. H. C.
Stuntz. A. Van Vllsslnger, Mrs. A. Van, Vlis
slnger.
For Honolulu — Rev. M. ' C. Harris, O. J.
Kennedy, Mrs. TV. J. Killop, C. L. Marlatt,
Mrs. C. L. Marlatt. F. N. Pitcher, H. A.
Sanger. ¦
The Oceanic Company's long looked for j
steamship Australia arrived from Tahiti f
yesterday morning. She was looked fo.*
last Sunday, but a detention at Papeete
and continuous head winds and cross seas
caused the delay. She brought up twelve
cabin passengers and a large cargo of
copra and tropical fruits. When the Aus
tralia left Tahiti she had a Chinese named
Ung Tau among the second cabin passen
gers. He was a sick man when he board
ed the vessel, but was particularly anx
ious to reach China before he died. Dr.
Waverly Clark, the ship's surgeon, did
everything possible for the sick man, but
he died March 9 and was buried at sei.
Ung Tau was quite wealthy, having pros
pered in the Southern seas. The following;
were the cabin passungera on the mall
boat:
. "W. B. Hunt. J. Elslnmann. G. J. Kritch and
¦wife. Mrs. William H. Barnes, E. Ahue, wire
and child, J. II. Scott and wife, Mrs. A. Fer
guson and Mrs. Michele and, two children.
Becond cabin— Pierre Bailey, II. M. Arm
strong-, Mrs. M. Piera and Mrs. G. A. Xlebuhr
and four children.
There was very sad news awaiting
Purser F. M. Bucklln when the Australia
docked. His wife is dying of quick con
sumption and it has only been her
strength of will that kept her alive until
the mail boat got in. Mrs. Bucklin was
determined to see her husband once more
and her wish has been gratified.
The California and Oriental Steamship
Company's Kvarven made a good run
from the Orient. She has a very large
cargo of Chinese and Japanese goods but
no passengers. The run from Yokohama
was made in nineteen days, which is good
time for a freight boat. On her wav back
to tho Orient she will probably stop at
San Diego for Eastern freight via the
Santa Fe.
Transports to Sail.
The Meade will get away at noon to-day
with the headquarters and band and two
troops of the Fifteenth Cavalry and a
squadron of the Fifth Cavalry. The latter
arrived from Fort Meyer over the Santa
Fe route yesterday. The Pennsylvania
will sail on Monday next with seven com
panies of the Tenth Infantry, while the
Pak Ling will get away on the same day
¦with 750 cavalry horses. The Pak Ling is
very fast for a tramp, being able to aver
age over twelve knots. She will therefore
not be very far behind the Meade at Man
ila and will probably beat both the Indi
ana and Pennsylvania. Into port.
NEWS OF THE OCEAN".
Shipping Merchants.
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
The Japanese liner America Maru sailed yes
terday for China and Japan with a cargo val
ued at J198.5S6. manifested as follows: For
China. $106,961; Japan, $51,339; Manila, $16,803;
East Indies, $6154; Vladivostok, $17,00); Korea,
J329. The following were the principal .export*:
For China— 5 cs arms and ammunition, 9C1 cs
canned goods. 100 cs cigarettes, 12 cs dry roods,
700 bales domestics, 0333 lbs dried fruit, 9010
bbls Hour, IS crs furniture, 20 csks ginseng, 1131
pkgs groceries and provisions. 20 bales hay, 18.
132 lbs ham and bacon, 12 rolls leather, 1200 lbs
lard, 246 bbls old glass, COCO lbs pearl barley
16 cs salmon, 17 cs shoes, 20 sks peas, 62 cs 5
bbls whisky, 2 cs «04 gals wine.
For Japan-27 pkgs agricultural Implements.
22 crs bicycles and sundries, 29S5 lbs butter, 252
cs canned goods, 163 bales cotton, 3 cs 3164 lbs
dried fruit, 336 pkgs groceria* and provisions
£20 bbls flour. 722 lbs ham and bacon, 4 cs 61
rolls leather. 32 rolls sheet lead, 300 cs mining
material, 3100 kegs nails, 9" bis oranges, £0 ca
paste. 7 cs rubber roods, 140.160 lbs shredded
tan bark. 67 cs whisky, 6 cs 2019 pals wine.
For Manila— £920 gals alcohol, 20 bdls boiler
tubes, 10 crs bicycles, 10 cs canned goods, 100
pkgs groceries and provisions, 20 cs hardware.
8 bbls gin. 60 bxs lemons, S pkg-s machinery, M
bxs oranges. 5 cs photo goods. 11 bdls pipe, 5000
crs potatoes, 5 cs paint, 11 cs stationery, 6 ct
typewriters, 1145 cs whisky, 178 cs wine.
For East Indies— 4 cs leather, 7 cs paint. 7?3
cs canned goods. 52 pkgs machinery and pipe.
1800 lbs peas. 1235 lbs nuts, 110 gals wine, S740
lbs dried fruit, 103 doz brooms, 144 pkgs grocer
ies and provisions.
For Vladivostok— 757 pkgs plows and parts,
203 pkgs harvesters. 170 pkgs reapers.
For Korea— 52 csks bottled beer. 1$ pkgs
groceries and provisions.
Wheat Shipment.
The British ship Ditton cleared yesterday for
Queenstown for orders with 96,051 ctls wheat,
valued at J34.S00, and 23,000 ft lumber aa dun*
nage, valued at 5420.
¦ •
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
Friday, March 15.
Stmr Santa Cruz, Hlnkte, 53 hours from
Port Harford. . . . . ¦
Stmr Australia, Lawless, 14V4 days from Pa-
P*etc ;
Stmr Point Arena, Hansen, 11 hours from
Point Arena.
Stmr Cblco, Dearborn, C5 hours from Tilla
mook.
Stmr North Pork, McLellan, 26 hours from
Eureka. .---.'¦
Stmr Eureka, Jeseen, 23 hours from Eureka.
US Ftmr Adams, Goodwin, it hours, from
Monterey. - - ¦- * • ' f .-.
Aus stmr Mcriar.ce, Cosluich, 15 days : from
Hakodate, via Mororan 23 days. . -¦ ¦
Bchr Monterey,' Beck, 70 hours' from Coos
Bay; ¦•,.<.-'¦ ¦ . ' ¦ / ¦ / ¦•¦-¦v^- s
Schr Newark, Beck, 1* hours from - Bowens
LanJlr.r- ¦MgwMHBB>>Bffi<)"»
America Maru I/eaves for the Orient
and the Australia and Kvarven
Arrive From South. Seas
'and China.
Transport Carries Away a
Contingent of Uncle Sam's
Fighting Men.
INDIANA SAILS
FOR PHILIPPIHES
THE SAN FRANGISCO CALL, SATURDAY, MARCH 1G, 1901.
ports.
8
O Time Time Time Time
Z. Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
e L W H W L W H W
1« ... 1:45 J.6 7:40 5.2 2:25 0.2 923 5 I
17 ... 2:E8 2.0 8:42 5.4 3:10 0.1 10:00 6.1
IS ... 3:21 1.5 9:40 S.5 3:58 0.: 10JI 6 S
19 ... 4:12 0.9 10:33 5.6 4:3S 0.4 11:08 67
n> ... 5:00 0.5 11:29 6.8 6:19 0.7 11:41 6 8
21 ...( 5:50 0.1 X=:24J 5.5 6:00 1.1 ."
}h w l xv\ a xv l. xv '
a ...| 0:21 6.0 6:86]— 0.1 i:2Q 5.; 6:« 1.6
Steamer.
From.
I Due.
Empire ..... Coos Bar Mar. 16
Crescent City.. Crescent City Mar. 16
Argyll.......... New York via Panama Mar. IS
City of Peking. China and Japan Mar. IS
North Fork Humboldt Mar. 16
Argo Coqullle River Mar. 16
Samoa. Humboldt Mar. 16
San Pedro Humboldt Mar. It
G. \V. Elder.... Portland and Astoria.. Mar. 16
Bristol..... Oysttr Harbor Mar. 10
Arcata.. Coos Bay Mar. 11
Santa Barbara San Pedro ...... Mar. 16
Queen... San Diego Mar. 17
Tucapel.. ....... Valparaiso & Way Pts. Mar. 11
Pomona.. Humboldt Mar. 11
Acme..:........ TiMamook Bay Mar. 17
Bonita..... Newport Mar. U
Del Xorte...... Crescent City... Mar. 17
Mandalay...... Coquille River ......... Mar. IS
Rainier.......'.. San Pedro Mar. 18
.Willamette..... Oyster Harbor Mar. 13
Luella. ......... San, Pedro " Mar. 13
Hobt. Dollar..: Seattle „ -. Mar. IS
Mattewan. — . Tacoma Mar. 13
Sonoma.. V. Sydney & Way Ports.. Mar. 18
Umatilla... Pug-et Sound Ports .... Mar. IS
Mackinaw....... Seattle .;•..".. : Mar.-13
Kureka.. ... Humboldt ...;.... Mar. 30
Coronado. ;..... San Pedro. '.. Mar. t&'
Corona...'....;.. Newport Mar. 20
W. H. Kruger. San Pedro ."..;..... Mar. SO
Columbia Portland- and Astoria.. Mar. 21
Newburg .'. Grays Harbor Mar. 71
Alliance.:...... Portland : & Coos Bay.. Mar. 21
Point Arena.... Point Arena .:....:..... Mar. 21
Santa Rosa..... San Diego -.1.....:. .."... Mar. 2t
Acapulco....... Panama &^Way. Ports.. *Mar. 52
Gaelic.....' China/and Japan jMar. 22
Steamer. I Destination. (Sails. I Pier.
Steamer.
Destination.
ISails
March 1C. I
Arro CoqulUe River .... 4 pmJPter 3
Marlpoa* Honolulu 2 pmfPler 7
Point Arena. Potnt Arena 2 pm|Pler 2
Sinta Bubar Seattle direct 10 am; Pier 2
Empire Coos- Bay |12 m Pier 13
March 17.
Eureka Humboldt 9 ara Pier 13
Walla Walla. Puget Sound Porta 11 am Pier 9
Santa Rosa.. San Diego 9 am Pier 11
Jlnreh IS. I
New-port Panama & Way Pt 12 mlFMSS
North Fork.. Humboldt 9 am Pier 2
March 10.
Rainier Seattle & K. What. 10 am Pier 2
Arcata Coos Bay IS m Pier 13
Pomona Humboldt X pmfPter 9
G. W. Elder. Astoria & Portland 11 am; Pier 24
BoElta Newport » am Pier 11
March 20.
Coronado Gray a Harbor .... S pmtPier 3
Mandalay.... Coquill* River .... S pmlPler 2
San Pedro Humboldt 10 amjPler 2
Queen San Diejro 9 amiPler 11
Acme Tlllamook Bay Pier U
31arch 21. I
Tucapel Valparaiso & Way. 13 mjS.'W. i
Morcb =2. {
Umatma Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 9
Corona Newport 9 amIPler 11
March 23.
City Peking.. China & Japan 1 pm PMS3
Argyll I N. Y. T. Panama. 2 pmlPler 21
O Time Time Time Time
Z. Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
e L W H W L W H W
1« ... 1:45 J.6 7:40 5.2 2:25 0.2 923 5 I
17 ... 2:E8 2.0 8:42 5.4 3:10 0.1 10:00 6.1
IS ... 3:21 1.5 9:40 S.5 3:58 0.: 10JI 6 S
19 ... 4:12 0.9 10:33 5.6 4:3S 0.4 11:08 67
n> ... 5:00 0.5 11:29 6.8 6:19 0.7 11:41 6 8
21 ...( 5:50 0.1 X=:24J 5.5 6:00 1.1 ."
}h w l xv\ a xv l. xv '
a ...| 0:21 6.0 6:86]— 0.1 i:2Q 5.; 6:« 1.6
Steamer.
From.
I Due.
Empire ..... Coos Bar Mar. 16
Crescent City.. Crescent City Mar. 16
Argyll.......... New York via Panama Mar. IS
City of Peking. China and Japan Mar. IS
North Fork Humboldt Mar. 16
Argo Coqullle River Mar. 16
Samoa. Humboldt Mar. 16
San Pedro Humboldt Mar. It
G. \V. Elder.... Portland and Astoria.. Mar. 16
Bristol..... Oysttr Harbor Mar. 10
Arcata.. Coos Bay Mar. 11
Santa Barbara San Pedro ...... Mar. 16
Queen... San Diego Mar. 17
Tucapel.. ....... Valparaiso & Way Pts. Mar. 11
Pomona.. Humboldt Mar. 11
Acme..:........ TiMamook Bay Mar. 17
Bonita..... Newport Mar. U
Del Xorte...... Crescent City... Mar. 17
Mandalay...... Coquille River ......... Mar. IS
Rainier.......'.. San Pedro Mar. 18
.Willamette..... Oyster Harbor Mar. 13
Luella. ......... San, Pedro " Mar. 13
Hobt. Dollar..: Seattle „ -. Mar. IS
Mattewan. — . Tacoma Mar. 13
Sonoma.. V. Sydney & Way Ports.. Mar. 18
Umatilla... Pug-et Sound Ports .... Mar. IS
Mackinaw....... Seattle .;•..".. : Mar.-13
Kureka.. ... Humboldt ...;.... Mar. 30
Coronado. ;..... San Pedro. '.. Mar. t&'
Corona...'....;.. Newport Mar. 20
W. H. Kruger. San Pedro ."..;..... Mar. SO
Columbia Portland- and Astoria.. Mar. 21
Newburg .'. Grays Harbor Mar. 71
Alliance.:...... Portland : & Coos Bay.. Mar. 21
Point Arena.... Point Arena .:....:..... Mar. 21
Santa Rosa..... San Diego -.1.....:. .."... Mar. 2t
Acapulco....... Panama &^Way. Ports.. *Mar. 52
Gaelic.....' China/and Japan jMar. 22
Steamer. I Destination. (Sails. I Pier.
Steamer.
Destination.
ISails
March 1C. I
Arro CoqulUe River .... 4 pmJPter 3
Marlpoa* Honolulu 2 pmfPler 7
Point Arena. Potnt Arena 2 pm|Pler 2
Sinta Bubar Seattle direct 10 am; Pier 2
Empire Coos- Bay |12 m Pier 13
March 17.
Eureka Humboldt 9 ara Pier 13
Walla Walla. Puget Sound Porta 11 am Pier 9
Santa Rosa.. San Diego 9 am Pier 11
Jlnreh IS. I
New-port Panama & Way Pt 12 mlFMSS
North Fork.. Humboldt 9 am Pier 2
March 10.
Rainier Seattle & K. What. 10 am Pier 2
Arcata Coos Bay IS m Pier 13
Pomona Humboldt X pmfPter 9
G. W. Elder. Astoria & Portland 11 am; Pier 24
BoElta Newport » am Pier 11
March 20.
Coronado Gray a Harbor .... S pmtPier 3
Mandalay.... Coquill* River .... S pmlPler 2
San Pedro Humboldt 10 amjPler 2
Queen San Diejro 9 amiPler 11
Acme Tlllamook Bay Pier U
31arch 21. I
Tucapel Valparaiso & Way. 13 mjS.'W. i
Morcb =2. {
Umatma Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 9
Corona Newport 9 amIPler 11
March 23.
City Peking.. China & Japan 1 pm PMS3
Argyll I N. Y. T. Panama. 2 pmlPler 21
MARCH SEVENTEEN.
SSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS SSS3SSSSS gSSSggggSSgS SSSS 2SSS
ssoii ills siii iiii iiii iiiiilili III! iiii ilii Ilil iill
OOOOO OOOO OOOO OOOO OOOO OOOOOOOOO OOOO OOOO OOOO SoSSnnoo
OOOOO OOOO OOOO OOOO OOOO OOOOOOOOO OOOO OOOO O°O§SSS2 SSSS
oooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooogggggggggggggg
ggggggggggsggsgss A - , iff Is Ills If is iff I
ooooooooooooooooo A Thousand oSo^oSSSSSSSSSSSS
Ililiililiillliii Acres ol Sa ,t llliillllllllllH
ililiililiillliii life- iiiiiiliiilllllll
§§ggsss§§§§g§gs§§ , .-^— sssil Iill Iiii Ills
ooooooooooooooooo A t the "Bunny gggSggggggggggggg
The iliiii H1I1I The
»*-¦. oooooo ByAnnePa$c oooooo *"C
c«* oooooo oooooo
Story gggggg gggggg Girl
of igifgi ***« ol gggggg ; ™L
01 gggggg Upton's New gggggg With
My •»«•?¦»- Yacht - *¦».-..» He
» •« oooooo 'ooo o~oc
Lrfe - IIIIII Early Day iHHI Rose
By J |oo|§| Theatricals'in §§§§§§ m H cr
J oooooo ¦ oooooo u * 11151
topfafa. II -ISSr. II Hair
lilill iliiflilllf
11111111 -El. Ililil
iiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii *«*«. ggggggggggggggggg
SSSSS SSSS 000000000000 ooooooooo oooo oooo oooo oooo oooo
S 0 , 0 , 0 , 0 , SSSS SSSS oooooooo ooooooooo oooo oooo oooo oooooooo
ftSSSS SSSS SSSS SSSS 0000 OOOOOOOOO OOOO OOOOOOOO OOOOOOOO
£2222 SSSS SSSS S 0000000 ooooooooooooooooo oooo oooo oooo
SSSSS SSSS S 0000000000 © ooooooooo oooo oooo oooo oooo oooo
SSSSS SSSS 000000000000 ooooooooo oooo oooo oooo oooo oooo
_ooooo oooo opoo oooo oooo poooQQo55555o oooo oopo oooo oooo.
ADVEBTISEME1TTS.
ABSOLUTE SECURITY.
Genuine GARTER'S LITTLE LIVER PILLS must
bear signature of v*^w^S^
Very small and us easy
to take as sugar.
btL CARTERS FOR DIHINESS. « LL
GENUINE f |Ver GENUINE
ii PELLS. F0R COHST1 PATIOH.
WDADDFR BB Bi " FOR SALLOW SKIN. WRAPPER
WKAhTLH #^j iroBTHECOMPLEXiOB WnAlTtK
"PRINTED OUT K.EID P-AJPEK.."
I stated last week that I regarded soap as a medicjne— that It either bencoCed or injured the whole system; that the pores of thr
t*ody take into the system more or less of the soap. I endeavored -to show how important it is to avoid poisonous fats and strong alkalies*'
I wish to emphasize this point to-Gay, and call special attention to the virtues of Witch Hazel as Nature's greatest remedy for the skirt;*
That the public has found out the truth of this is shown by the hundreds of testimonials I have* already received commending my Witch
Hazel Soap. I had no idea that the demand for it would be so instantaneous— so large. Orders are coming In from every part of the
country and our factories are taxed to their utmost .capacity to fill the. orders. I feel confident that every cake of soap sold will sell many
more The Soap is all that I claim for it. I want the people to have the same faith in it that they have in' my remedies. Ten years ago
when Hold the public I had a Cure for Rheumatism, they did not believe me. Time has proved, the truth of my statement. > To-day frhen
Hie entire country is stricken with Grippe, there are no remedies on the market having so extensive a sale as my Cold and Grippe Cures
They are demanded because the people know from experience, and from the "say so" of others, that they relieve the H*ad, Nose, Throat arid'
Lungs almost instantly— and so I can refer to my Dyspepsia Cure, my Kidney Cure. : and all my remedies" My remedies are sold in every''
Jrufc store throughout the civilized world, mostly 25 cents each. — MUNYON.
Broadway and Twenty-sixth Street. New York.
"^^~^ — • — - -r m -¦¦ ... . i . . _.____¦__._.¦¦¦_
AH? F.I^.'jH'SfiTVTTtTrTR.SLIGHT DELAY
IN COMPLETING ATLAS.
CHICAGO, March 7, 1901.
John D. Spreckels, Proprie
tor of The Call, San Francisco:
Owing to delay of Government
in compiling and revising, cen
sus it will be impossible to
ship first carload of atlases or
dered by you before March
30th. They will go forward
promptly that day by fast
freight.
GEORGE F. CRAM.
RANDSBURG, March 15.— John O. Carrow, a
freighter, 45 years of age. ; fell in front of th«
wheels of his wagon in Johannesburg thJ*
afternoon and was crushed to death.
Travelers' Delight.
It is a pleasure to visit our leather goods
department and see the. outlay of - good
values. Trunks, .valises, pocketbooks,
traveling rolls, cameras, little gold clocks
and toilet articles. All fine leather goods
lettered In gold without charge. Sanborn,
Vail & Co., 741 Market st. •
Grand Jury Holds Short Session.
The Grand Jury met yesterday after
noon and after a very brief session ad
journed until next Friday. James Mahan.
Bupertntendent of the Hayden Packing
Company, appeared before, the body
to aisk for the indictment of a former
cnr.ploye on a charge of embezzlement. He
was Instructed to swear to a complaint in
the Police Court, as the case was one that
did not require the attention of the Grand
Jury. It is expected that at tho next
meeting the investigation into Chinatown
affairs will be resumed.
Lenten Service To-Morrow.
To-morrow the . fourth service of the
series held at St. Mary's Cathedral during
Lent under Calvarian Society auspices
will take place at 3 p. m. as usual. "The
Way of the Cross" will be made, and af
ter a sermon benediction will be given.
Rev. Thos. O'Connell will deliver the dis
course, his subject being "In the Shadow
of the Cross." Other than Calvarian So
ciety members may attend these exer
cises.
Lectures on Mental Disorders.
Dr. A. M. Gardner, Superintendent of
the Napa Insane Asylum, delivered a lec
ture last night at the Cooper Medical Col
lege on "Civilization as a Cause, of Mental
and Nervous Disorders." The doctor is
well versed in his subject and the lecture
was greatly appreciated by the audience.
ARRANGEMENTS COMPLETED
FOE SUMPTUOUS BANQUET
Knights of St. Patrick Will Feast in
Honor of Erin's Patron Saint
at Palace.
Final arrangements for the banquet
which will be giv«n by tho Knights of
St Patrick in the Maple room of the Pal
ace Hotel on the eve of St. Patrick's day
were completed at a meeting of the board
of directors Thursday night. The occa
sion will be a memorable one for the mem
bers of the society. The banquets in the
pest have always ,proven eumptuous af
fairs and an effort will be made to have
this one surpass them all.
The hall will be profusely decorated for
the evening. Some of the most gifted post
prandial orators of the State will be
present and will respond to toasts.
TRUST COMPANY BRINGS
A SUIT TO FORECLOSE
Seeks to Realize on Sonds of the
Bandsburg-Santa Fe Reduc
tion Works.
SAN BERNARDINO, March 15.— The
Union Trust Company of New York th'a
afternoon filed a $25,000 foreclosure suit
against tho Randsburg-Santa Fe Reduc
tion Works, located at Barstow. Tho
plant/which is one of the largest of Its
kind in the Southwest, was srected two
years ago at a cost of nearly J100.000. it
was Intended to handle the" ore from
Randsburg and other mining" camps of the
desert and. for a few months th© enter
prise did a thriving business. '
The trust company, together with Sena
tor, Chauncey M. ¦ DeDew and B. Van El
len, general manager of the New York
Central and Hudson River Railroad took
$25,000 worth of 8 per cent bonds. The re
duction company defaulted in the pav
ment of interest from tho start, it is sa'i-1
that Scott McKeown, iho young man of
•Los Angeles, whose wife is now on the
vaudeville stage, dropped many thousanrln
of dollars in this enterprise through tlfe
persuasion of alleged. friends. The worlci
have stood idle for months owing to a dis
agreement between stockholders. ¦
. It is reported that should the plant be
sold at public auction the owners of the
Yellow Astor mine at Randsburg will bid
it in and have it removed to Randsburjr
Vancouver, Watchman Murdered.
i VANCOUVER, B. C. , March 15.— George
Smith, a' watchman, was found dead this
morning with his throat cut on the bank
of Frasery River. That the man met foul
play is certain. He was married.
Locked up in the City Prison is a rather
stylishly dressed young woman, who, tho
police say, is one of the most daring fe
malo thieves in the country- Her opera
tionsy^they sa y» are confined to hotels.
Her name Is May Mills, but 6he is also
known as May Bonner. She was arrested
last evening by Detectives Dinan and
"Wren, while in her room In a lodging
house on Geary street. In her possession
was found over fifty keys belonging to
the Palace, Grand and other hotels. In
explanation of how she came into posses
sion of the keys the woman said that they
had been given her by a friend, but whose
name she refused to divulge.
Last Thursday evening, it is said, she
went to the Pleasanton Hotel and pre
tended that she wanted to Bee one of the
guests. As her actions became suspicious
the clerk started to question her. when
phe became alarmed and promptly left
the hotel. Satisfied that she was the dar
ing hotel thief who had been systematic
ally robbing rooms in Various hostelrles
the clerk lost no time in notifying Captain
of Dectectives Seymour. He detailed De
tectives Dlnan and "Wren to run her down,
and after considerable trouble they locat
ed her last evening and took her into cus
tody. She was booked for vagrancy, but
to-day, , it is expected, additional charges
will be placed against her.
About two years ago the woman was
Girls Play Basket-Bali.
The annual exhibition by tho members
of the ladies' class in physical culture was
held last night at the Young Men's Chris
tian Association gymnasium. The feature
of the evening was a spirited game of
basket ball between two teams chosen
from the class and named the Blues and
the Reds. The Reds won by a score of
7 to 6. The programme and the line-up
of the teams were as follows:
Marching and flag drill, led by Mrs.
Parent and Miss Saalburg: dumbbell drill,
by the class; Indian club class: scarf drill,
by the class. Basket-ball game. Reds vs.
Blues, first half: Reds— Forwards. Miss
Hesselmeyer, Miss Koebling; centers, Miss
G. Roberts, Miss B. Scovllle (captain),
Mrs. Cornell; guards. Miss J. Roberts,
Miss . Baccus. Blues— Forwards. Mr9.
Heslop. Miss Pennington; Centers, Miss
Reid, Miss Van Orden (captain), Mrs.
Watson, Miss Adams. Mrs. Allen; substi
tutes. Misses Hawthorne and Dlxon;
flambeaux swinging, Miss Adele Kellogg;
basket-ball game, second half.
discovered In the act of robbing a room
In the Hotel Stewart. On beingr surprised
by the occupant she attempted to escape,
but was captured after a short chase and
turned over to a. policeman. She was
charged with burglary, but was acquitted
of the charge in the Superior Court.
It is claimed that the woman is well
connected.
Attempt to Ply Her Trade at Pleasanton Results in
Her Arrest on Charge of Vagrancy.
FEMALE THIEF WHO OPERATES
IN LOCAL HOTELS IS CAUGHT
OPPOSED TO OFFICIAX
VACCINATION INSPECTION
Police Chief Sullivan Says Health
Board Should Leave It to
Reputable Physicians.
At the meeting of the Board of Health
last nlffht Chi«»f of Police Sullivan strong
ly protested r gainst the tactics of the
hralth cf3cials in subjecting school child
ren to an examination to determine if
¦Jhey have b*>pn successfully vaccinated.
H* contended that the certificate of a re
putable physician should be sufficient.
Health Officer O'Brien said that an offl
cir.l Investigation was necessary as r*»v-
fraudulent certificates had been filed
¦with the School Department. Sullivan held
that the Supervisors fhould pass an ordi
nance to punish any such offender, and
the matter was referred to the committee
on legislation, "vhlch -will ask for the pas-
F»re of a law covering the subject.
The board received a communication
from the Supervisors' Hospital Commit
tee, in which it is advised that the only
way In which it can purchase vaccine
points Is to make retrenchments in Its
dppartmentR.
Th« beard will investigate the sanitary
condition of the Little Infants' Shelter.
on Minna street which has been com
plained of by residents in the vicinity.
Special Dispatch to Tho CalL
SAN RAFAEL, March lo.-The recent oil
discoveries at Bolinas promise to involve
that community in a scries of lawsuits
wherein the property owners will unitu
to oppose those *7ho have filed mineral
claims upon their land. ..
Some years ago all the tide land in Bo
linas Bay was bought by different per
sona from the State. The/ now hold the
land under State parents issued by tho
Tide Land Commission. Notwithstanding
this mineral claims were filed several
days ago on-1500 acre3 of tide land In
Bolinas Bay by several companies.
One of the locations is made in the
names of I* Haines, N. J. Nixon. F F
Bacon. J. M. Meseroll, N. Haines B J
Vander Nalllen. D. 'A. Ball and F. R.
Casey. The other locations contain tho
names of "W. W. Wood. AV. M. Macmillar
F. A. Hubbard, A. E. Pirkey, F E
Tithear, J. M. Benham, O. \V. Hannon
W. W. Brings, Georgo P. Low, E. L. Ca
sey, K. E. Hutchinson.il. M. Estees A.
M. Hunt, W. Meredith. '
A bitter legal fight will be waged agains*
the locators, who claim that the Statq
never had any title to the property and
that as mineral land It belongs to the
Government. Attorney Thomas P. Boyd
who represents Benjamin Morse, Robert
Cottingham and other property owners
will shortly commence proceedings to
quiet title. Attorney E. B. MartineHl
representing other property owners, will
take similar steps.
The land in question ia believed to bo
very valuable for its oil producing 1 poaj
bilities.
Oil Prospectors File Upon
the Property of Bolinas
Residents.
LEGAL BATTLE
FOR TIDE LANDS
Three Little Sisters of the Poor
Arrive From the
East.
San Francisco Is to have a free home for
the poor and enfeebled who are over sixty
years of age. Three Sisters of the Little
Sisters of the Poor arrived yesterday from
Chicago and will establish a home at 2030
Howard street next Monday. The good
Samaritans are Sisters Gabriel, Katherina
and Abel. The Little Sisters of the Poor
ia a Catholic order that was formed in
France. In this country they have fifty
homes.
Mother Gabriel, who has devoted her
life to the work and is nearly 60 years old
will have charge of the home. She will
now have two Sisters as assistants, but in
less than a month several mors Sisters
will arrive from the East and take part in
the good work.
WILL OPEN" A FREE HOME
FOR AGED A1TI> INFIRM
L. Q. Cannon, a prominent member of
the Mormon church of Salt Lake City, is
sick at the Palace Hotel. Mr. Cannon
came to this city a few days ago for medi
cal treatment. At a late hour last night
tho members of his family said that Mr
Cannon waa much better and that no seril
ous results were anticipated.
It. Q. Cannon Sick at the Palace.
Charles H. Grosvenor. chairman of the
Ohio delegation in Congress, has sent a
letter to the Manufacturers' and Produc
ers' Association, thanking the commer
cial bodies of San Francisco for the kind
invitation to visit this city upon the oc
casion of the launching of the battleship
Ohio.
Ohio Congressmen Are Thankful.
4u>r way to Manila.
The would-be stowaway cannot talk a
•word of English and the only person on
the Slocum who coufd talk Spanish was
the cabin boy. Through him Captain
Marshall learned that she wanted to get
to the Presidio and that then she would
try and get away on tho Pennsylvania
with the remainder of the Tenth Regi
ment on Monday. She had her dinner
aboard the Slocum and then the captain
sent the cabin boy with her to show the
way to the Presidio.
Julia Casey, a servant pirl in the cm
ploy of Henry Asher, 1315 Gough
street, was booked at the City Prison yes
terday morning by Detective Hammill on
a charge of petty larceny. She is accused
of stealing a mink cape and pieces of Bilk
ar.d iace.
The girl was arrested Tuesday and
locked up in the tajiks, lier friends did
not know what had become of her till
Thursday, when Hammill called at a
house where she keDt her trunk an-.l
searched it. They did not know where
she had been taken till yesterday morning,
although they called at all the police sta
tions Thursday night and also notified
Attorney Stafford, who called at police
headquarters and demanded that the girl
be charged. After being charged she was
released on $25 cash bail, which was taken
out of $30 found in her possession when
arrested.
The pirl denied that she knew anything
about the stolen capo, which ¦ has not
been found, but she admitted placing sonif*
small pieces of silk and lace in her bu
reau drawer, as she thought they were of
no use to her employer. She saJd she
asked Detective HasimlU to communicate
with her friends on Tuesday. when the
was arrested, so that she could be bailed
out, but he neglected to do so, although
that is a strinpent ruie of the department.
Hammill, besides taking- her money, also
took her gold watch, which he showed fo~
the Jeweler from whom it was purchased,
evidently thinking: she had stolen it.
Attorney Stafford threatens to brin«;
suit for damages against the girl's em
ployer and tho Police Department for
wrongful arrest and imprisonment.
Julia Casey, a Servant Girl,
Has a Grievance Against
the Police.
after the Tenth was ordered home. Hayes
and hJs. friends in Company D decided to
take Mrs. Hayes home with them on the
transport without Uncle Sam being any
the wiser. All the little woman's house
hold effects, including her sewing ma
chine, went aboard the transport with the
company's bagrgrage and after a stormy
voyagre everything was safely landed in
New York.
Ever eince Mrs. Hayes has followed the
reslment, beating her way on trains and
with the assistance of the boys of Com-
KEPT IN TANKS
FOR FOUR DAYS
MRS. HATES, WIFE OF A BUGLER OF THE TENTH INFANTRY,
FOUND HIDING ON THE TRANSPORT INDIANA AFTER THE
STEAMSHIP STARTS FOR MANILA AND SENT ASHORE.
DRUG CLEBK SMITTEN
WITH GIRL'S CHARMS
Charge of Petty Larceny Against An
nie Patterson and Kitty Brady
Annie Patterson and Kitty Brady, two
pirls employed in a dance hall on Eddy
Ftreet, appeared before Judge Mogan yes
terday on a charge of i-etty larceny. They
were accused of stealing a pair of opera
r'.asses from a drug store at 1016 Market
rtreet last Christmas. The complaining
witness was W. W. Ayres. a clerk In the
Etnre.
It was aTlered that the cirls were In
the habit of visitlr.s the store and wlnis
'•r.e k«»pt the clerk in conversation the
other stole things. This was denied by the
CTirls. who allegred that the clerk wa«
emitten with Kitty's charms. He had
piven her within a few months eighteen
bottles of whisky and eight bottles cf
perfumery, besides the opera glasses.
Sersreant Wolfe was one of the witnesses
for the defense and he testified that he
met the two girls eominir from the drus
store on Christmas morning and one of
them told him that the drug clerk hal
presented her with a pair of opera glasses,
whi<h she had In her hand. In cross-ex
em'nation the sergeant admitted that the
plrls had given him a Christmas present
of a shaving brush and -mug and toilet
pet. He had known them for several
yrars.
The Jufi^e said there was no evidence
of lareeny again«t the girls and dismissed.
the case.
Rabbi Jacob Nleto, In his address last
night before the Congregation Sherith-
Israel. asked the question, "Are We Civ
ilized?" In answering the question he
took the stand that we should not accept
the common meaning of the word civili
zation, which he stated, according to tho
dictionary, meant "taking people from a
condition of savagery and barbarianlsm."
The rabbi said:
Whether or not we are civilized is a ques
tion that every Individual should ask himself
at the end of each day. Lowell eald life had
hren trying to civilir« him for more than
seventy years and had met with but llttlo
kucccss. To us civilization should mean more
than the acceptance of the definition from the
dictionary.
After reviewing: the present condition of
affairs the speaker said:
Our prandfathers and great-grandfathers had
their own Ideas of what living In a. proper
and correct manner meant. They believed in
them implicitly and took a (Treat deal of com
fort in becoming adherents of their code. That
which we Rave behind will always be de
nominated as barbarous. We are etill in the
crasp of our preconceived ideas of what is
right and proper. To be civilized, therefore,
means that we shou'.d throw away all our
preconceived ideas of justice and religion.
Rabbi Jacob Voorsanger spoke on the
question of "The Place of Israel Among
Nations." He said:
The Jews have ever displayed a readiness
and willingness to Ftand by country and flair.
They have fought and bled and surrendered
their lives on the battlefields of iho world.
The first tnen to offer their services to France
were men of Israel. On the sward of Cuba
and in the deadly rice fields and morasses of
the Philippines they have fought and died-.
Despite this e\-ldence they are always con
fronted by the doubt of their Christianity.
Thli feeltns; i« the result of 1000 years of
teaching with intolerance aa tho Instructor.
Rev. Mr, Nieto Says Wo Are
Bound by Preconceived
Ideas of Conduct.
f^K | s^ HERE was a sad leavetakins on
1 1 the transport Indiana yesterday
II that was* totally unexpected and
1L tried the heart of every man
aboard the steamship. Bugler W.
P. Hayes of Company D. Tenth Infantry,
had stowed away his wife and with the
assistance of his comrades hoped to get
her to Manila without discovery. Had the
transport cone direct to sea all would
have been well, but Instead she went to
the upper bay, where two hours were
spent in adjusting the compasses.
As the hours crept on Mrs. Hayes made
sure the Indiana was at sea and put her
head out of her hiding place. Aa ill-luck
would have it, a quartermaster was stand-
Ing within a few feet of her and he at
once took her before the captain. As soon
as the boys In blue saw the little woman
on the bridge they knew what was the
matter. A subscription was taken up and
more than twice the amount of the pas
sage money was offered for her berth. It
was against the rules of the transport
I service, however, and Mrs. Hayes was
i sent ashore on the tug Slocum. When
i bidding her husband good-by the tears
rained down her cheeks, and there was
not a man aboard but had to turn away
and pretend to see something of Interest
on the Oakland shore.
The devotion of Mrs. Hayes to her sol
dier husband makes a most romantic
story. Hayes went to Cuba with the
Tenth Infantry, and while there fell in
love»with a pretty -little Cuban girl. She
was and is an expert seamstress and a
1 first-class dressmaker. The end of the
j courtship was a marriage, and soon there-
GIVES DISCOURSE
ON CIVILIZATION
John B. Hewitt, the wealthy oil land
speculator of Bakersfield, who has been
sued for divorce by Mary E. Hewitt, was
not ready yesterday to proceed with the
hearing of the motion to dissolve the in
junction issued restraining him from dis
posing, of any of his property interests
during the pendency of the litigation. The
motion was set for hearing before Judge
Hunt and a large audience gathered in the
courtroom yesterday morning, expecting
that the first gun in what promises to be
a long and sensational legal battle would
be fired. The spectators were disappoint
ed. When the case was called, Attorney
J. C. Campbell, who represents Hewitt,
asked for a continuance on the ground
that he had not been given sufficient time
to answer the affidavit filed by W. E>.
Grady, of counsel for Mrs. Hewitt, In sup
port of a motion that the defendant be
ordered to pay preliminary alimony, coun
sel fees and costs.
"My client Is In Bakersfleld," said Camp
bell, "and I have not an opportunity to
confer with him on the matter. We dis
pute the marriage and claim that the
agreement on which, the plaintiff rests her
case is not a valid marriage contract. I
ask that a continuance of, say, two weeks
be granted, so that we may be able to pre
pare a counter-affidavit. I am satisfied to
let the Injunction stand until that time."
"We object to any continuance," replied
Attorney Grady. "The motion to dissolve
the Injunction was set for hearing to-day
at the request of the defendant's counsel.
On behalf of Mr3. Hewitt, I now state
that we are ready at this time to prove
the marriage beyond the shadow of a
doubt My client Js without means and if
there is going- to be a continuance she
should be allowed alimony and costs. We
want to bring witnesses from Bakersfleld
and also from Shasta County, where the
marriage took place, but we are without
funds."
"We dispute the marriage," said Camp
bell.
"I am inclined to allow the plaintiff a
reasonable sum for preliminary costs,"
interjected Judge Hunt, "if tho plaintiff la
without means sufficient to secure the wit
nesses necessary to prove her case. The
defendant Is reputed to be wealthy and on
the proper affidavit I will make the neces
sary order."
A lengthy argument followed, at the
conclusion of which Judge Hunt continued
the hearing for one week. In the mean
time Grady will prepare an affidavit show
ing just what expense money hla client
will require to . secure the attendance of
the witnesses from Kern and Shasta
counties.
Mrs. Euphemla E. Poulsen of 1318 Sev
enth street. Oakland, who is vice president
of • the charitable society to which the
three children born to Hewitt and the
plaintiff were entrusted, was In court. She
had with her Gladys, tho second oldest
child. The other children have been
placed with private families In Sausalito.
"Mr. Hewitt came to me In January.
1900." said Mrs. Poulsen yesterday, ''and
told a story of his wife having deserted
him. Ho said that he was unable to prop
erly care for the babies and asked that
our society take them. He surrendered
them to us and signed a paper waiving all
right to them. Since that time our so
ciety has looked after them and secured
them comfortable homes. He has never
contributed anything toward their sup
port, although I understand that he Is
quite wealthy."
Allowed Until Friday Next in Which
to Prepare to Prove Plain
tiff Is Not His
Wife.
Defendant, Through Coun
sel, Pleads for Tims
to Answer.
LEGAL SKIRMISH
IN HEWITT CASE
The hcarins of th» charges against "Sir"
Harry West wood Cooper, alias Dr.. Ernest
Morre Chad wick, was continued before
Judge Fritz yesterday morning: and was
roafin<-d to 1.- pa! .-*-r$rument8 between couq-
Bel as to the ripM of Miss Nora Schneider,
the latest wife of rtt-Convict Cooper, to
testify In the case.
¦ Cooper was brousrht Into court with a
pair cf Fteel handcuffs adornine his
¦wrists. He had plumed himself as If for
a garden party. He wore a black suit
and had placed a ro«e In the lapel of
his Prince Albert coat. Black gloves
were on his hand?, although his Journey
from his cell to the courtroom was a short
one. The most casual observer could b««
That Cooper was playing for effect and
heped to create a pood impression In the
ryes of the woman he had deceived and
the court spectators. This display of
vanity but served to Intensify the feelings
toward him. and his bow to the family of
The Schneiders was received with scorn.
The morning session was taken up with
the arguments of Assistant District At
torney Whiting- and Attorney Murphy,
who appears for Cooper. Counsel for the
people argued that the fact of the first
marriage of Coor>er had been proved and
that the allegation that Cooper's flrst
¦Rife was either dead or divorced when
he married Miss Schneider would have
to he proved by the dcfcr.se.
Attorney Murphy spoke for an hour In
behalf of Cooper, until Judfte Fritz put
an end to the waste of time. Murphy
erg-ued that no proof of the first marriage
had been shown and that the prosecution
should be called upon to prove that the
marriage, with Miys Schneider was big
amous.
"I have enough authorities." said Mur
phjr, "to occupy me a whole year if I read
them."
"Well, the court does not desire to hear
¦ ny more of this." said Judgre Fritz. "I
have my regular business to attend to
s:id considerable time has been spent al
ready on this case. I will adjourn the
hrarir.g until Monday afternoon at 2. The
court will now take a recese."
Murphy vainly tried to pet the case
Wrd t«-day, but Judge Fritz decided that
he would not allow Cooper or his attor
ney to block the business of the court.
In the event that Mies Nora Schneider
:s not allowed to testify Jn the Police
Court. It is understood that she will be
*ble to give evidence in the Superior Court
:. pairs* Cooper. its she will be divorced
lefore lh« hearing in the higher tribunal.
Ex-Convict Plumes Himself as if for
a Party, but His Appearance
Does K"ot Create a. FaV
orable Impression.
Argues at Length to Shut
Out tht Testimony of
Miss Schmider.
COOPER'S LAWYER
IS WASTING TIME
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, MARCH 16, 1901.
Bugler Hayes of Tenth Infantry Is Her Husband and
-She Ines to Follow Him to Manila.
CUBAN WOMAN STOWS AWAY
ON THE TRANSPORT INDIANA
pany D bringing her belongings with her.
Out at the Presidio she made many
friends and when Company D of the
Tenth was ordered to get ready to ac
company a battalion of the Twenty-eighth
to Manila Mrs. Hayes and her friends at
once began to plan her trip to Manila. All
her belongings. Including the sewing ma
chine, were sot . aboard and when the
troops went down yesterday morning tho
little Cuban woman got aboard and hid
away in the place prepared for her by
her soldier fridnds. Had It not been for
that unfortunate two hours' stop In the
upper bay Mrs. Hayes would now be on
9
"Life is a drag to me, and I sometimes feel like giving up ever
being a well woman ; have become careless and unconcerned about
everything. I am in bed now. I have had several doctors, but they
did me but little good.
" Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound has been recommended
to me by a friend, and I have made up my mind to give it a
fair trial.
" I write this letter with the hope of hearing from you in regard
to my case." — Mrs. S. J. Watson, Hampton, Va.
Result of a Prompt Reply. — Two
Letters from Mrs.^Watson, Pub-
lished by Special Permission.—
For "Women's Eyes Only.
a t nfnrB.TTRTnvrm^T8L
Don't Worry
Over your laundry work — let us do it for
you. Our work is a marvel to those who
havo never seen the beauty of the finish
and immaculate color with which it is
sent home, and It's sure to you.
What we advertise we do. By aiming
high we please the most critical, and by
charging low we tickle the economical.
r>omestic finish for full dress shirts It
you order it. No saw edges.
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY
Oakland Offlce-54 San Pablo Ava.
Office 1OO4 Market Street
Telephone— South 42O,
COFFEE DID IT.
And Postum Food Coffee Esmoved It.
"I finally found it was coffee that
causrii me, for the past four years, to
have such trouble with my health; with
fainting pprllp, dizziness, and constipa-
tion, that the doctor told me I was liable
to die ©f^ieart failure any time. I was
very thin, weak and sallow, and a sick
woman.
"Husband concluded that coffee was the
trouble. After hearing of Postum Food
<"offoe he induced me to try it. That was
»ix months sko, when I made the change,
and the result has been something won-
derful.
"I have not had to use an enema, nor
had any trouble with my bowels since, nor
have I had one fainting spell, and the
jvalpitation and dizziness have all disap-
peared.
"During the <nten«e heat of the summer,
when people vsually lose weight. I was
paining. I now welsh ten pounds more
than I have weighed in ten years, and mv
j>eople trll me I look younger than I did
ten years aco.
"Our whole family use l'ostum and like
it better than Java or any other coffee.
We shall never use any other coffee as
long as we can get Postum.
"I know how to make pood Postum, but
that is easy if one will just boil It long
enough
"A rhort time ago an old lady, who is a
preat coffee drinker, took dinner with us
and remarked about our coffee; said she
never tapted better coffee; she did not
knnvr it was Postum.
"It you Fhould publish this, please omit
my rt3me. I will, however, anBwer any
nuestions cheerfully." Mrs. -.
Full name and address gi\-en by the Pos-
tum rereal Co., Ltd., Battle Creek, Mich.
BThe N.K.Fafrbank Company,
Chlca jo-6olo lUnnTacturers.
FBFF! Our dafnty booklet.
rHECI -a Public Secret."
mailed free • to , any address.
For two 2c stamps we will
send free our 125-page recipe
book. "Home Helps," edited
PS,— No hog fat inWhite Cottolene
White
Cottolene
makes everything prepared with it
taste good*
Why?
Because it is made from the oil of
the cottonseed, which is identical in
essential features to that of the
olive* It's pure and wholesome and
nutritious. There is no respect in
which it is not superior to lard.
But what YOU care most about
is that results ars surer, crusts are
crisper, and pastry tastes so much
better.
Lastly, the product is digestible,
which cannot bs said of lard prep-
aration s.
EVERY argument is in favor of
White
Cottolene
Is there anything but prejudice
to keep you from trying: it to-day,
Madam?
OlPAAA BEXTARD. — Wo t»To deposited with the National City Bank of Lynn, SCOOO.
whlcil rT * 11 t>e paid to any person who can find that the aborts testimonial letters
¦T« Si IB Ml aro not poaulce, or were published before obtsininc th<» writer's special rer-
1PU UyiP n±s!rc. LYDIA E. PINKHAM MJiDICINE CO.
November 27, 1899.
"Dear Mrs. Pinkham: — I feel it mv duty to acknowledge to
you the benefit that your advice and Lydia -E. Pinkham's Vegetable
Compound have done for me.
"I had been suffering with female troubles for some time, could
walk but a short distance, had terrible bearing down pains in lower
part of my bowols, backache, and pain in ovary. I used your medicine
for four months and was so much better that I could walk three times
the distance that I could before.
"I am to-day in better health, than I have been for more than
two years, and I know it is all due to Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable
Compound.
" I recommend your advice and medicine to all women who suffer.*'
—Mrs. S. J. Watson, Hampton, Va.
This is positive proof that Mr.s. Pinkham is more competent to
advise sick women than any other person. Write her. It costs you
nothing.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
To MRS. PINKHAM, Ltkn, Mass. i
March 15, 1899.
" Dear Madam : — I am suffering from inflammation of thd
ovaries and womb, and have been for eighteen months. I have a
continual pain and soreness in my back and side. I am only free
from pain when lying down, or sitting in an easy chair. When
I stand I suffer with severe pain in my side and back. I be-
lieve my troubles were caused by over work and lifting some years
ago.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
I — ¦IIIHIIITMIIIWIWM1III**
postum: cert. at..Foreign Futures.
Improving wheat crop reports, a pig Iron pro
duction seldom exceeded, 1 strong cash prices for
NEW TORK. March 15.— R. O. Dan * Co.'s
Weekly Review of Trade to-morrow j will gay:
Dun's Review of Trade.
_ . r ¦
Coatinti:d en Page Thirteen.
1 Poultry continues In moderate .* receipt and
very firm. < and both old and young stock sells
readily.
Arrivals of -Game are getting Irregular and
quotations . are ' therefore . largely nominal.
S"« POULTRY — Live '- Turkeys. ¦ 10311c for Gob-
Poultry and Game.
LIVERPOOL.
TVheat- ;-;v l .': ; May. July.
Opening 6 00 6 00
Closing e % « %
PARIS.
Wheat— . • " ; ¦ : • March. May- Aug.
Opening is 60 • 19 70
Closing 18 85 19 65
Flour — . ¦ .
Opening. „ .......... ....23 85 25 15
Closing 23 x> 25 10
Chicago Livestock Market.
CHICAGO, March • 15.— CATTLE— Receipts,
1500; generally strong; butchers' stock, active;
good to prime steers,' $1 90@6; poor to medium.
$3 6504 SO; stockers and . feeders, choice steady,
others weak. $2 70®4 ¦So: cows", $2 6504 35; heif
ers.' J2@2 60; canners, ?2'65(f4 65; bulls, $2 60@
4 25; calves $4 50<g6; Texas fed steers. Hg5;
grass*™, t3 3S>(S(i; bulls, $2 60(33 75.
HOGS— Receipts to-day, 16,000: to-morrow,
15,000; left over, estimated, 1500; active and
shade higher; top, $5 824: mixed and butchers,
$5 55125 774: good . to choice heavy, $5 70@
5 824: rough heavy, $5 65^5 65; light. $5 55®
5 75; bulk: of pales, iZ 05® 5 75. '¦ ¦ •¦ -*¦
SHEEP— Receipts.: 4<M>: sheep, strong: year
lings and good lambs. We higher, others ttrong;
good -to . choice wethers, $4 40@4 80; 'fair to
choice mixed. $4@4 50; Western sheep, $4 45®
4 80; yearlings. $4 75®5 3D; native lambs, $4 75®
5 45; Western lambs. J5 10@5 45.
New York Metal Market.
NEW TORK. March . 15.— The local . metal
market on the whole ; w as ," a • small one specu
latlvely. Tin waa the only metal that showed
any degree of activity and this was; In a hand
to-mouth way." The market' for that metal at
the start was weak and 50 ¦ points lower under
bearish news. It flnallv closed. weak at $25 60Q)
.25 SO. Copper » continued In a' depressed , con
dition, in .London, prices ,» further declining 5s
under heavy selling orders and finally closed
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
market was dull; creameries. 15@214c; dairies.
ll@19c. Cheese, quiet, 10V»@ll%c. Eggs, dull;
fresh. ll%c.
NEW TORK. March 15.— Bradstreef s to
morrow will say: The general situation Is
without Important change, the events of the
week appearing to accentuate heretofore pre
vailing conditions. Distributive trade and
speculation in securities continue large In vol
ume, with prices rising In the more favored
Industries or dropping In those suffering from
suppression. As types of these movements the
Iron and cotton goods industries are pre
eminent and these two seem like opposite
poles, so marked is the difference In trade In
' feeling and conditions. In most other In
dustries the report was quite favorable, notable
In this direction being the lumber, leather and
hardware and Implement trade. Western and
Southern distributive trade reports are quite
favorable and the reports of active demand
for dry goods and. clothing at the West con
trast- sharply with the reports of dull business
and the receding prlcej of print cloth?, bleached
cottons and other fabrics at first hands.
Railway returns continue highly favorable,
confirming reports heretofore i<*bl!shed of ac
tivity In general shipping,* and reports of a
shortage of cars, a strange one at this . time
of year, come from Chicago and other large
centers. Clearings . arj of heavy volume and
in ¦ this, as in nearly all other measures of
trade Improvement, present records surpassing
all previously recorded for this season of the
year.
- Conditions In the domestic iron and steel
trade demand recall the boom of 1S99, and It
becomes more and more evident that an enor
mous consumptive demand, discouraged by the
high prices' of a year ago. Is now coming
freely Into the market.
Wool is in larger sales and foreign markets
are quite strong. Eastern : stocks are said to
be small and declining and the situation Is
gradually readjusting , itself.
The Government report ot wheat In farmers'
hands pointing to . 30.000,000 bushels, less held
than, a year ago was regarded . tut . a bullish
feature and counted -with -light Northwestern
receipts caused a rise, which, was, however,
1 taken advantage of to realize and . the net
'¦ change for the week !• slight.- Wheat, includ
ing flour, shipments for the - week aggregate
4,693.939 bushels, againut . 4,229,528 bushels last
week. 2,272.450 for thi corresponding week In
; 1900 and 4.114,000 bushels In 1899.
From July 1 to date this season wheat ex
ports have been 143.371,456 bushels, against
141. 316. 906 bushels last season.
Business failures In the United States for
the week number 217. as against 208 last week
180 In this week a year ago, 205 In 1S99, 233
In 1898 and 231 in 1897. -' .
>, Canadian ' failures for .the" week number 28.
against S3 last week, Zt in' this week a year
ago and 21 In 1SS9.
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour
steady: No. 2 spring wheat, 694@724c; No. 2
red, 75»,i@774c: No. 2 corn. 4O'.ic; No. 2 yellow.
40%c: No. 2 oats. 23%@25%c: No. 3 white. 270
29c; No. 2 rye. 62(jj53c: good feeding barley 40
@46c; fair to choice malting, 50@56c; No. 1 flax
seed, U 52: No. 1 Northwestern, Jl 52; prime
timothy seed. (4 35: mess pork, per bbl. $15 45©
15 50; lard, per 100 lbs. $7 724® 7 75; short-rib
eldes (loose), $7 40®7 60; dry salted shoulders
(boxed), 6%@6%c; short clear sides (boxed),
$7 S5<?7 93: whisky, basis of high wines, %\ 27
clover, contract grade, $10 65. .
Articles— . Receipts. Shipment?.
Flour, barrels 37.000 21.000
Wheat, bushels 93,000 73,000
Corn, buehels 290,000 164 000
Oats, bushels 233,000 374.000
Rye. bushels 5,000 6,000
Barley, bushels 17.000 3 000
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2— . '.-¦.:
March -74*4 75Vi 74H 75U
April ..* 74% 754 74% 75H
May 75T» 76H 75% 76H
Corn No. 2— .
March ,. 40>i
May 41% 41% 4Ui 41%
July «% 41% 41% 41%
Oats No. 2— . . • •
March .: 244 24% 244 24»4
May 254 ' 25>4 25 25>i
Mess Pork, per bbl —
May 15 474 15 60 13 45 15 SO
July 14 90 14 95 14 874 14 95
Lard, per 100 lbs —
May 7 70 7 774 7 70 7 774
July 7 75 7 ?0 7 75 7 80
September 7 80 7 524 7 80 7 S24
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs—
May 7 45 7 524 7 45 7 50
September 7 45 7 50 7 45 7 474
Prices this week have been strong and on
the whole advanced, while the activity was
considerable... The chief qualification that can
be observed In the speculative situation Is
that the public Is not In the market. Large
interests support their specialties and evi
dence confidence In the future of prices and
the manipulation of different j securities has
the support of the traders and j professional
clement generally. Commission house business
!•• slow and the chief feature, so far as the
outside participation Is concerned, is the
steady Investment buying of bonds and dlvl
dcnd-paylng stocks. This process continues
to absorb large amounts of railroad securities
of the better class and to take them out of
the market, while lt Is also observed that there
1-as been no selling pressure. The continued
ease of money has been a factor, there being
but slight appearance of any hardening of
rates over April 1, and the fact that on Friday
pome $25,000,000 was disbursed In dividends . on
various stocks created no previous disturbance
of loans. Some little hardening of time loan
rates was observed, but the developments were
net sufficient to encourage bearish feelings in
the face of the railroad ' earnings, the more
or less favorable crop outlook and' the activity
of the Iron and steel trade.
NETV tORIC. March 15.— Bradstreef s Finan
cial Review to-morrow will say:
Bradstreet's Financial Review.
NEW YORK. March 15.— There was increased
'actii-ity In the etock market to-day and a
tfijpofltlca was manifested to come back to
operations in the usually prominent stocks.
Th«» market, however, still continued very
Fpotty and a number -jf usually dormant stocks
wt-re again rr.aie ccr.sp!cu<?us In the dealings.
It was evident that powerful professional
operator* were mailing a systematic progress
through the list taking profits on a heavy
pcale on stocks whkn have recently shown
considerable advances *hlle bidding up prices
st new points. Yesterday's speculative move
ment was continued !n some of the stocks
which started upward then, while aggressive
r.ew points of strength were developed. Among
the latter Burlington msM the most conspicuous,
all things considered, and had the most In-
Cupnco in encouraging buying of other stocks.
It v.as lifted S>i points over j aEt n igjjt at one
time in siiite of the diajging tendency of other
members of the granger group which were un
der rre.-sure all day. especially St. Paul and
the Chicago Great Western stocks, the common
and preferred "B" of the latter company re
lapsing \iolently from their recent show of
Kirengrh. The anthracite coalers also suffered
from profit-taking on v.sterday's late advance.
There was a midday spurt in the group led by
the ErifF. but they fel 1 . back again on re
newed Ftrength. These Western stocks showed
a nr table check to thuir recent strong upward
tendency and sold Et^adily all day. The St.
Louih and Kan Franciht-o stocks were all re
actionary, losing from 14 to 2\» points. Among
new points of strength developed to-day Illi
nois Central was conspicuous, reaching Z\.
• 'hifago and Eastern Illinois rose 4 on smaller
trensa< tion*. There were heavy dealings in
American and Continental Tobacco, opening
at advances of 3 an1 34 respectively. Ten
nef*«o <v a l rose r'< and Pressed Steel Car pre
ferred 2V Chicago Terminal Transfer pre
fprrej tone Z\. The n.arket closed with the
price movement very much confused, some few
rtocks selling at the top. but the majority of
the list under the premsure of profit-taking.
The money market continued undisturbed in
fl'ite cf the prospect Ot a weak bank state
ment.
Wariness in railroad bonds continued very
l.-ir*r«\ the i«.-ues of Southwestern railroads con
tinuing the iavorltes. Total sales, SS.&S5.O00.
United States bonds were all unchanged on
the last call.
NEW TORK STOCK LIST.
r-^re* Closing
F-ld. Stocks- ; Bid
ll. 1 **) Atchlscn i%\'
\f,.V l < Atchifon prefd $2u
10.2<«" Baltimore & Ohio $¦>£
'¦/,*! lanadUn pacific 901:
\3f* <"anada Southern 6o4
:;.^!0 iherareake & Ohio 4gu
(.Ml chirag-j <;reat Western 234
l'«'.4 f 4 Chicago Burlinrton & Quincy 154*4
l k >'» «hlca»:o Jnd & Louisxille 37» g
4.100 Chictgo Ind & Louirvllle prefd 72^;
<-hicago A- Eastern Illinois 114*4
\.<<»t <hicago & Northwestern ]-j\
\'. r 'A Chicago Rock Inland & Pacific 125
S.coo C C C & Ft Louis 77^
ZZ.v>n Co!ora«lo Southern IPi
t&t Colorado Southern l*t prefd 4€'^
I.WiO Colorado Southern 2d prefd 2i«i
«.300 Delaware & Hudson 166\
Mawtre I«n k & Western 19«
.VO Lfnvc;. & Rio Grande wy,
l.CdO I»en\er A.R'.o Grande prefd.. 8ST4
SLSU Erie ..; «¦*
U.2W) Krie Ut rr*f<J 67Ti
S.4KI Great Northern prefd 206»i
lhCOn Hcrkirg «"oal 171il
2.703 Hooking Valley ; 55
6,4'* lllinoi* Central ............lSoU
J.450C lo^a Or.'.ral 304
l'»' Iowa Or.tral prefd 69U
Lake I-trle A Western 45'
Lake. Erie &. Western prefd '..116
I-ake Khore 210U
T.t,™ I^.Mli>vi:ie & Nashville 95*4
Zi.'M Manhattan L 121>4
0.4'iO .!• .., ,,,.|,i an Street Ry. ex-dlv.....l6<»»
2:.4 r O Mf.Tiran Centtal 2\%
4.3C0 Minneapolis & Rt Louis B1«Z
1.W.0 Minne«i«)|ie * St Louis prefd 112.
7.« r <f MiF«nt<rl 1'selflc S27i
!C^ Mobile & Ohio «!¦
<\3<*> MiEKouri Kan«as & Texas 27%
It MO Mletourl Kanss* & Texas prefd 57%
2f'O Nctr Jersey Centrsl 155
t.,100 New York Central 1444
11. 04 Nr.rfo'.k A Western £2»»
Norfolk & Western prefd M.
AZ.V'Q Ncrthern Pacific M T *
1.W0 Korthera Pacific prefd S7U
!2.M0 Ontario A Western 32\
f'regon lUllway & Nar 42
Oregon Railway Sl Nav prefd 7«
lfl.«f« T'ennrylvanla ISI*i
U ?"< Heading 3314
S6.4f« Heading let prefd ; 7?4
TS.lflO Heading Id prefd 447?
Klo Grande Western' 65
I**! 1 I'.lo Grande ">M»-rn prefd <tc»i
6.2«t Ft Lc^.i, a Pan Francisco 42 '¦
100 S*. Jjo\<r A Pjiii Fran l?t rrefd..*... 834 I
«,»» Ft l.ouls ft S»n Fran Id prefd C«4
t.CM Pt IxoT.b Southwettera fall '
New York Stock Market.
EASTERN MARKETS.
face of our slight decline yesterday. Moderate
Northwest receipts were a contributory factor
In the strength. Profit-taking on a fairly lib
eral scale forced the market back to 75%c early.
Offerings became lighter at this decline and
the market steadied and slowly rallied to 76c.
Lonfrs again sought profits, but numerous short
linos needed protection at that figure and after
hesitating a few minutt-s the market shot up
to 76Hc and closed 3trung. 14@lUc over yes
terday.. St. Louis interests, presumably cover-
Ing shorts, were heavy purchasers over 76c.
Corn was firm and the trade was on a lib
eral scale at times. Higher cables, unsettled
weather, light country otterings and sympathy
with wheat caused a strong feeling. May
closed U@Hc higher at 414®41Hc.
Oats were moderately active and firm In
sympathy with corn and wheat. May closed
4@V t c higher at 25H®25Uc.
Light hog receipts, higher prices for hogs
and the grain strength combined to support
the provision market. May pork closed 274c
higher, lard and ribs fach 10c up.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
CHICAGO. March 15.— The day's trade In
wheat was heavy. May opened %c higher at
75%@753»c,. influenced by lighter Argentine ship
ments and' an advance at ¦ Liverpool ' In the
Bay C P C Ss.lO3*i — Oak W Co 8s.. — 101
Cal-st Cab 5s.U64 — Oceanic S3 5s. 105 108
C C Water 5s. — 109H Om C R U....I2S4 —
E L & P Cs... 12341334 Pac G Imp 4s. — 100X4
F & Cl Ry es.1124 — Pic & Cl R 8s.lO« —
Geary-st R 5s. — — n&OR «s.. — —
Haw C 54s. ...108% — Powell-st R 6s.l2O —
Haw C Es 1054 — SEGiRSs.- M
L A R R 5s. ..1124 — 9 5* * SJV 59.1204 —
I. A L Co *>*.. — — S R of Cat 8».no —
Do gntd 6s.. — 104 S P R of A 8s. 1124 —
Do gntd 5S..100 — S P C fa (1305.
L. A P R R Ss.10141024 Series A> — VLtpA
Marki-st C 6s. — U7 Do (Series B)lll%lllH
Do 1st c Bs..l2O% — Do (1906> — IUH
•V C N G R 7s. — 11S4 Do (1912) 122% —
N R of Cal 6s. — 114% S P C 1st g Js.lO«4 —
N R of Cal Ss.1204 — SPBrR Js...l«S —
N P C R R «s,10l4 — 8 V Water 6s..U2H —
N P C K R 68.10814 — S V Water 48..103H —
N C R R 5s. ..Ill — Do 3d mt(r...lO2^4 —
OGLiH 5s.ll3 — Stka O ft B «sll» —
Oak Tr Co 6s. — 117%
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa.. 70% 71% Spring VaHej. tl\ «
Marin County. 834 — *
GAS AND ELECTRIC STOCKS.
Cent L A P... 3 4 Pac ZA. Co..... 43 —
Eqult Gas 34 >4 Sac BOAR.— 40
Mut Elec Lt... — 8% S F O A E.... 47 47%
O O L & H.... CO SI San Francisco. V% —
Pac Gas Imp.. — 45U Stktn O A B.. — 14 '
INSITRAXCB STOCKS.
Flrem's Fund. 233 HO
BAXK STOCKS.
Angto-Ca! 70 774 Lon P A A. ...143 —
Bank of Cal... — 4104 Mer Ex fllq).. IB — •
Cal Safe Dep..lC5% — S F National.. 120 123
1st N Ot S F.. - 3124
SAVINGS BANKS.
German 1S30 1900 Sar A Loan... — j — *:>.
Humboldt — — Security ITS —
Mutual 80 — Union Trust.- — ». — '
S F Sav U S15 —
STREET RAILROAD STOCKS.
Callfornia-st .. — 140 O9LA H.... 40 —
Geary-st 474— Presidio — JO
Market-st «34 —
POWDER STOCKS.
Giant Con — 8» JVlgorlt t!» —
SUGAR STOCKS.
Hana Plan.... 74 — Kllauea 8 23
Haw Com 754 80 Makawell 414 43
Honoka 32H — Onomea £> 2»K
Uutch S P I4»i 24H Pauhau — 344
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
Alaska Pack.. 121*1 — Oceanic S3 Co 47% 50
Cal Fruit Can. 994100*4 Pac A F A.... 2 —
Cal Wine Asn.100 — Pac C Bor Co.150 —
Mer . Ex Assn.1024 — Par Paint Co.. 1Tt4 —
Morning Session.
23 Alaska Packers' Assn 123 to
170 Cal Safe Deposit... 105 73
25 Honokaa S Co 12 23
125 Honokaa S Co 32 CO
200 Hutchinson S P Co 24 W
20 Makawell 4175
25 Makawell 42 vi
5 Makaweli 42 124
20 Market Street Railway «9 50
185 Oceanic S S Co «* <*»
35 Oceanic 8 S Co *» '¦»
60 Oceanic S S Co, b 5 *> ?>
120 Onomea Suicar Co •» 2°
50 S F Gas and Electric Co 4. 13
80 S F Gas and Electric Co *> »¦?
13 S V Water « f
$tCCOS.V Cs 112 C4
— -~ MMwmiHMii]i"jijfciiijLijd?
Afternoon Session.
Board—
20 Alaska Packers' Assn 12! »
190 Cal Safe Deposit
5 Hawaiian Coml & Sugar 80 U ' a
10 Honokaa '- -.-• « ~t
10O. H.mnkaa • *- *X*»
/ 260 Hutchinson S P Co «*>
. SO Makaw.-H J- «•
2i> Oceanic S S Co ** ,\
20 Oceanic » S Co *• *J
10 Oceanic S S Co *• 0?
$1000 S V 4j iZd mtsre> 103 m
FRODUCERS' OIL. EXCHANGE.
Mcrnlrz Session.
1500 Bear Flag J2
loGO Call'orntR-Standard. b 30 12
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Bid- Ask. BliAsit.
4s coupon 114 1144 4s eonp (n«w).13S 138»4
4s registered. ..113 1134'3s coupon ill lll'-»
TNTTED STATES BONDS.
FRIDAY. March 15—1 9. m.
STOCS AND BOND EXCHANGE.
X k
Business on th» morning session of th» Bond
Exchange was confined to numerous small
sales. Alaska Packers' advanced to $122 and
Makawell to $13 124. and Honokxa declined to
$32. .
Tin only chance In the afternoon waa a re
covery In Oceanic to $47943.
On tho morning session of. the Producers' Oil
Exchange there were heavy sales of Petroleum
Center. Reed and Monarch, ail at lower prices.
Hanford was off again at J90.
Business was quieter In tha afternoon ar.d
there waa less fluctuation.
Street railroad stocks ex-dlvidend yesterday
were: Presidio and Ferries. 10c. and Oakland.
San Leandro and Haywards. SOo,
The California. Fruit dinners' Association
will pay & dividend of 600 per share on th«
20th.
The London. Paris and American Bank has
declared a dividend of 4 per cent for th« six
months ending December 31. 1900. payable im
mediately, making 7 per cent for the year.
DOMINION OF CANADA.
Chicago Grain Market.
Green Peas are steadily declining; but ' As
paragus and Rhubarb keep up very well. Of
the 346 boxes of Rhubarb tnat came In 100 were
taken off the market and shipped to Sacra
mento. String Beans are weak. The southern
Vegetables show no change worthy of note ¦
Potatoes and Onions remain about as befor*
Receipts were 762 boxes Asparagus, 446 boxes
Rhubarb and 279 sks Bay Peas.
¦ POTATOES— Early 1 Rose. S5c@$l: Burbanks
40@55c for Rlver^and 50t?30c for Oregon: Garnet
Chiles from Oregon. 60®S0c: Sweets. 5O@75c for
Merced; New Potatoes, 2@3c per lb.
ONIONS-$2<32 75 per ctl; Cut Onions, 50cQ
$1 SO per sack; Australians are jobbing at 6c-
Oreen Onions. 35@40c per box.
VEGETABLES— Rhubarb, 75c@Jl 50 per box-
Asparagus, ll@124c for fancy. 7@10c for No i
and 6(0 6c per.lb for No. 2: -Green Peas '-via
3c for Los Angeles and 2®3c for Bay; String
Beans. 6^Sc: .Cabbage. -SOc; Tomatoes Los
Angeles. 75c^$l 25 per crate; from Mexico
75c@$l 25 per crate; Egg Plant, Los Angeles'
10@124c per lb; Green Peppers, Los Angeles'
8®15c- per lb for Chile and 10@15c for Bell*
Dried Peppers. 12@18c: Dry Okra. . 25c per IN-
Carrots. 25©3&c, per ; sack; Hothouse Cucum
bers," $1@3 per dozen; Summer Squash, 75c
©$1 50 per box; Garlic, 24@3c per lb; Marrow
fat Squash. $30 per ton; Mushrooms, 8®124c
per lb.
The situation In Beans shows no further
change worthy of remark. Pinks being weak
and Llmas firm.
BEANS— Bayos. $2 60@2 75: Small White. J4 60
@4 90; Largo White. $4@4 25; Pink, Jl 90@2 20'
Red, $3<g3 60: Blackeye, $303 25; L.lmas, $5 75®
6 90; Pea, nominal; Red Kidney, $3 75@4 per ctl.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard., nominal; Vellow
Mustard, nominal; Flax. $2 50*73; Canary 349
3%c for. Eastern;. Alfalfa, 74S84c for Califor
nia and S<g'»4c for Utah; Rape, 2(324c- Hemp
34c: Timothy. 6Hc*,- .:-•¦¦'"
DRIED PEAS— Nlles. $2®2 50; Green, $2 70®
3 per ctl; Blackeye, nominal. '
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Beans and Seeds.
All markets under this head are quiet and
featureless.
BRAN— J15©15 50 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— J16 50<gl3 60 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley, $16@1S 50 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill, $25@26; jobbing,
J26 50; Cocoanut Cake, $17@1S; Corn Meal. $25@
25 f0; Cracked Corn. $25 £O@25; Mixed Feed
U501C. -
HAY— Volunteer, $5@S: Wheat. $11@13; Wheat
and Oat. $9® 12; Oat, »9@11 50; Clover, nominal;
Alfalfa. JSf@9 50: Barley. J7 50@9 50 per ton
STRAW— 35® 174c per bale.
Hay and Fcedstuffs.
FLOUR-Callfornla Family Extras. $3 25®
3 to, usual terms: Bakers' Extras, J3 15@3 2i-
Oregon. J2 75®2 S5 per barrel for family ana
J2 75@3 for bakers'; Washington, bakers', 12 75
MILLSTUFFS— Prices In sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: • Graham
Flour. $3 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, J2 75; Ry«
Meal. 12 50; Rice Flour. S7; Corn Meal, *2 75
extra cream do, $3 50: Oat Groats. $4 50: HomI
Iny. . $3 50<?I3 75; Buckwheat . Flour. $404 25-
Cracked Wheat. J3 50; Farina, $4 50; Whole
Wheat Flour. J3 25: Rolled Oats (barrels), JS 10
07 «0; In sacks. J5 75©7 25; Pearl Barley, JJ-
Spllt Peas, $5; Green Peas. }6 50 per 100 lbs.
Flour and Millstuffs.
White, Jl 25O1 45; Surprise, nominal; Red,
Jl 2531 40 for Feed and Jl 35®1 45 fjr Seed;
Gray, nominal; Black, for Feed, Jl 174@i 20
for Seed, $1 25@1 30 per. ctl.
CORN— The market continues lifeless at ouo
tatlons which are largely nominal.
Yellow, Jl 10@l 15: White. Jl 1<J©X 15; East
ern mixed Jl 124 per ctl. "'
¦ KYE-M)0824c per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— Nominal. •
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— No sales.
Second Session — No sales.
Regular Morning Session — No sales.
Afternoon Session — May — 10,000 ctls, 71c.
OATS— The improvsment in Wheat and Bar
ley has not yet affected this market, which re
mains quiet, with ample offerings.
Feed, 7CUc for choice bright. 75c for No. 1
and 70®724c for off grades; Brewing and Ship
ping grades. 7740824c; Chevalier, nominal.
BARLEY — The market was decidedly stronger
on 'Change, owing largely to a scarcity of
bright feed, and prices advanced a fraction.
The demand was fair.
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— May— 2000 ctls,
$1; 6000. $1004: 2C00, $1 00%. December— 2000,
Jl 0544 ; S00O, Jl 05";.
Second Session— May— 2000 ctls. Jl 00%. "
Regular Morning Session — May — 12,000 ctls,
J10194; 10.000, UC1\; 6000. $1014; 2000. $101%.
Afternoon Session— May— 2000 ctls. $1 02. De
cember— 6000. $1 05T6: 20CO. Jl 06V4: 10,000. $1 06.
CALX. BOARD SALES,
WHEAT — The improvement which began sev
eral days ago still continues.
New York advanced again and Chicago was
firmer on small offerings, good cables and a
better export demand there and at the seaboard.
The market steadily improved. In spite of a
vigorous bear fight, and the bears seemed to
be getting scarce. The commission men did
some selling at 76c on old open orders. Condi
tion seemed to work steadily In favor of hold
ers. New York reported 30 loads taken for ex
port. Southwestern exporters were In the mar
ket for supplies, Minneapolis reported a good
local and export demand, and a large Inquiry
for export. Corn via New Orleans was* also
noted. At Chicago 350,000 bushels were taken
for abroad. Argentine shipments for the week
were 1.34S.C00 bushels, against 2,528,000 for the
same week last year.
T.he local market again advanced, both on and
off rail.
Spot Wheat— Shipping. -974c; milling, Jl@
1 024 i>er cti. • -
Wheat and Other Grains.
Sterling Bxchange. 60 days — $4 55%
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 88^4,
Sterling Cables. — 4 89%
New York Exchange, sight — 15
New York Exchange, telegraphlo — 174
Silver, per ounce — 60T%
Mexican Dollars, nominal 50 & 51
Exchange and Bullion.
Kan Francisco and vicinity — fair Saturday,
b»cv-!Tiir.g cloudy and f j^gy Saturday evening;
froth west vind; cooler.
O. H. WILLSON.
Local Forecast OfScial. Temporarily In Charge,
Northern California.— Fair Saturday, becom
ing clcudy along the coast In the evening:
cooler along the coast; fresh west wind along
the coatt.
Southern California — Fair Saturday; cooler
a Its th'; coast ; fresh west wind.
Nevada— Fair Saturday, continued warm.
l.'tah— Fair and warmtr Saturday.
Arizona— Fair Saturday; continued warm.."
Conditions are favorable for fair weather In
California Saturday, becoming cloudy and
cooler alur.g the Immediate coast Saturday
F<.r*"-a*t made at s-£n Francisco for thirty
h-urs ondir.g midnight, March 16, 1S01.
The temperature has risen over the country
west Of the Rocky Mountains except along the
lTimrdiate coa*t of Central California, where
iJ-.tp Iisf been a Flight fall.
The | it assure has fallen slowlj- ever the north
ern half of the Pax-iflc Slcpe. while there has
b*m a flight rise along the coast of Southern
• y.'.lfornia.
Fair woather prevails over the Pacific Slope
ex^ppt in Washington end Northern Oregon,
artere it 1? doudjr. Llcht rain has fallen along
l'uct Sound.
FORECAST.
40. SI 42.58
22.34 1S.6S
1<5.58 15.44
18.79 17. OZ
10.2S 7.04
6.70 2.43
27.M 14.70
14.05 5.5«
S.61 I 3.13
San Francisco data— Maximum temperature.
CS: minimum. iO; menu, CO.
STEXTHEB CONDITIO. S AND GENERAL
Eurrka I
n«><i Bluff j
f«Tanifnio I
Fan Franc;t:o |
rt-pfno I
Indeponi5en<"# |
fc»n Lola
L»* An»r»>l»>F I
Ban Iilogo \
STATIONS
I Last I This I Last
'21 Hours Season. Season,
NEW • TORK, March . 15.— FLOUR— Receipts.
24.24S barrels; exports, 16,053 barrels; more ac
tive and firmer with wheat.
WHEAT-Recelpts. 65,800 bushels; exports,
55.S50 byshels; spot, strcug; No. 2 red. 81Hc f.
6. b. afloat; No. 2 red. sO'.ic elevator; No. 1
Northern Duluth. 8S%c f. o. b. afloat; Xo. 1
hard Duluth, 92ftc f. u % b. afloat. Options.de
veloped marked actlvltifwand strength all day.
Starting with bullish cables and a scare of
shorts the market continued to advance on
large clearances, good Southwest buying,
broader public Interest and a reported squeeze
of ehorts at Liverpool. March closed at SOVic:
May. SO@SO%c, closed at SOTic; July, -S^eso^c,
closed at S0?fcc.
HOPS-Qulet.
HIDES— Steady.
WOOL— Dull.
SUGAR— Raw, steady: fair refining. v34c;
centrifugal. 96 test, 4c; molar* »s sugar. -354c;
refined, steady.
COFFEE— Spot Rio, steady; No. 7 Invoice,
74c; mild, market quiet; Cordova. 8fl24c.
Futures closed 5 to 20 points net higher; total
sales. 17,000 bags; March. Jo 70; May and June.
*."> 80: August and September, *5 85; December,
JO 13; January, JS 20.
BUTTER-Recelpts, ?354 packages: Irregular
and unsettled; fresh creamery, 16020c; June
creamer}". 14@194c; factury. li@144c. ¦
EGGS— Receipts, 9185 packages; barely steady;
Western, at mark, 14*?15c; Southern, at mark.
12@13%c.
DRIED FRUITS.
The market for evaporated apples was un
changed and nominally steady, but continues
dull. State common wan quoted at 394@4*ic
prime, 4«;e«c; choice. 54®6c; fancy. 6T»c.
California dried fruits were dull, but steady.
PRUNES-3U3S4C per pound, as to size and
quality. '
APRICOTS— Royal. 7%@12c; Moorpark. 8U@
15c.
PEACHES— Peeled, 14@l8c; unpeeled, 64@
IOC.
Th" following are the seasonal rainfalls to
<!atf, as comparM with those of the Fame date
N l«Ft w-apon and rainfalls In the la*t twenty
f"ur ham:
FAN" FRANCISCO. March 15. 1901—5 p. m
Weather Report.
The Arr.erica Msru tock out a treasure list
•>' $l f ">.i«R. cor.s'stlng of $3911 In Mexican dol
lars. f;s.'i in gold coin and $96,000 in silver bul-
UOK.
Treasure Shipment.
WASHINGTON. March IS.— To-day's state
ment of the treasury . balances In the .general
fundi' exclusive of the $150 000,000 gold reserve
In the division of redemption, shows: Available
cash balance. !H-i.*35,l'S: gold. 991.677.C21.
Condition of the Treasury
can dollars, . 49c. Government bonds, steady
State bonds.*. inactive:. railroad bonds, strong.
CLOSING.
LONDON. March IS.— Atchlson. 69%; Cana
dian Pacific,- 93'4;' Union Pacific preferred, 87%:
Northern- Pacific preferred, 904: Grand Trunk.
7%: Anaconda, »>«. Bar silver, steady, 28 ll-16d
per ounce. ¦ Money, 3494 . per cent.
Nczv;York Money Market.
NEW -TOR.K... March ,15.— Money . on call,
steady, 2£24 • P*r cent. Prime mercantile
papfr. ' 34^4 4\ P*r cent. ' Sterling exchange.
firm, with 'actual: business in bankers'- bills
at U f~ l ? tor demand and at $4 84U$M *<*» for
sixty days. . Potted 'rates,. $4 85^4 854 and
$4 884. Commercial bills, $1 83404 84. Silver
certificates. •614€*3c- : Bar silver, 60T«c. Mexi-
NEW YORK. March 15.— The Commercial
Advertiser's London financial cablegram says:
The activity which was resumed In the stock
market here yesterday was continued to-day,
but the tone was Irregular. ". American stocks
were strong from start ' w to finish. New Tork
over night had. sent orders to buy 40,000 shares
of Erie*, not for arbitrage profits, but for
direct purchates. The New Yorkers got their
clock, and rot It cheap, but with results seen
In the afternoon here when the whole Ameri
can list was buoyant.
Other features of the day's movement were
Northern Pacifies ¦ and . Southern Pacifies.
Money was- firmer. Silver, was weaker on
London Market.
4.100 St -Louis Southweetern prefd 63U
22.100 Pt Paul I49?i
300 Pt- Paul rrefd 187
St Paul & Omaha 128
10.100 Southern Pacific 45
1S.600 Southern Railway 24";
€.?00 Southern Railway prefd 79M,
10.600 Texas & Pacific 30**
32.200 l"n!on Pacific Pl«n
4.200 Union Pacific prefd 55
11,300 Wabash 19
26.1&' Wabath prefd 34*i
: 4.200 Wheeling & Lake Erie 15>i
LCCO Wheeling & Lake Erie 2d prefd 32
3.600 Wisconsin Central 20^
Third Avenue 121
5.600 Baltimore & Ohio prefd 92H
5.500 National Tub- 53
1.700 National Tube prefd 101',4
Express companies —
Adams 155
American ly4
300 United States 63»£
Wells-Fargo 142
Miscellaneous — '
American Cottrn Oil 27'4
American Cotton Oil prefd S5
300 American Malting 6
COO American Malting prefd 27
2.60U American Smelting *: Refin 55
j 1.000 American Fmeltlng & Refln prefd.. 94ii
American Spirits V,j
American Spirits prefd 17
1.600 American Steel Hoop 36»4
1.6C0 American Steel Hoop prefd M**
5,100 American Steel & Wire 3S & »
500 American Steel & Wire prefd 97?i
300 American Tin Plate 62
1.S00 American Tin Plate prefd 101 Vi
83.200 American Tobacco 12o»»
American Tobacco prefd 147
£00 Anaconda Mining Co 45
42.100 Brooklyn Rapid Transit SO'i
1.SO0 Colorado Fuel & Iron : 45'i
13.100 Continental Tobacco 46>i
2.500 Continental Tobacco prefd 107Vi
2.700 Federal Steel 42",
6.600 Federal Steel prefd S9*»
SCO General Electric 211
200 Glucose Sugar !... 46
Glucose Sugar jirefd 94
200 International Paper 23V4
100 International Paper prefd 73* t
4I") Laclede Gas 80*»
300 Naticnat Biscuit 40^
Ntttcnal Biscuit prefd 34>j
100 National L*ad 15
4C0 Naticnal Lead prefd S5«4
3.700 National Steel 4S5i
COO National Steel prefd 102
New York Air Brake 161
North American 76
&00 Pacific Coast 57
Pacific Coast 1st prefd 90
1.200 Pacific Coast 2d prefd 64
Pacific Mail S4
14.100 People's Gas l04!i
2.3>1 Pressed Steel Car i'i^
1.5C0 Pressed Steel Car prefd 76?i
Pul!m.-.n Palace Car 205
100 Standard Rope & Twine 4U
69.50'» Sugar 133* 4
100 Sugar prefd l20«i
9.800 Tennessee Coal & Iron 55
l.:00 United States Leather 12"i
United States Leather prefd 74
lno United States Rubber 1S T »
100 United States Rubber prefd 6Sij
4.200 Western Union SSij
9.600 Amalgamated Copper 101U
1.600 Republic Iron & Steel 16^
SCO Republic Iron A Steel prefd 64'»
PC C & St Louis 60
1.188,700 Shares sold.
' - CLOSING BONDS.
U S 2s ref reg 1CS4 NYC lsts 107%
Do coupon 106 IN J C cen 5s 134
D S 2s reg ill N Pacific 3s 714
Do 3s coupon Ml Do 4s. .• 105*4
Do new 4s reg 13S |N Y C & St L 4s.. 103^
Do new 4s coup..l3S IN & W con 4s 103 1 *
Do old 4s rear 113 jOr Nav lsts 110
Do old 4s coup. ..114 Do 4s 104
Do 5s reg lll'i Or Short Line 6s..l27*i
Do 5s coupon 111 1 *! Do con 5s 116'j
Dist of Col 3.65s. ..123 (Reading gen 4s...-. 94*i
Atchlson gen 4s....104>4l R G W lsts lCU*
Do adj 4e ,... S3»i .St L & I M con 5s.U7H
Canada So 2d».... lCS'i St L & S F gen 6s. 131 '
Ches & O 4Hs....!lCS4 St Paul cons m^
' Do 5s I2l»i St P C & P lsts. ..113
Chi & N con "s 140HT Do 5s 121
Do S F deb Ss.-.llsH S Pacific 4s 92%
Chicago Term 4s... 9S is Railway os 117
Colorado So 4» 86 s ; Stand R & T 6s... 56V4
D & R G'',s .102<i!Te*& Pac lsts....imi
Erie gen 4s 87 [' Do 2ds $6
F W r &. D C lsts.. 96'VU Pacific 4s ir«H
Gen Electric Ss....l76 . Wabasb lsts 119V4
Iowa Cent lsts.. .116 Do 2ds 103
L AN unl 4» 101 West Shore 4s 115>;
M K & T 2ds 80 Wlec Cent lsts 90^4
• Do 4s .• -98H Va- Centuries 96
. MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con 23 Little Chief 14
Alice 31 Ontario 8 25
Breece 1 20|Ophlr .' 58
Brunswick Con 23,1'hoenix , 08
Comstock Tunnel... (••» Potosl 19
Con Cal &. Va 1 50 Savage 05
Dead wood Terra.... 50 Sierra Nevada 24
Horn Silver 1 10!Small Hopes 65
Iron Sliver 60, Standard 3 90
Leadville Con. 03
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— . Unton Pacific 9I*i
Call loans 3 @4 Union Land 4' 4
Time loans SU@4 t ,4 West End 97
Stocks— Westinghse Eiec... 62
Atch T & Sta Fe.. ES Bonds-
Do prefd 92H Atchlson 4s 19
American Sugar ... 139"« N E Gas & C 5s... 68
Do prefd 121 Mining Shares-
Bell Telephone 13S>4 Adventure 13>i
Uoeton & Albany. .253 Bingham ;. 23^
Botton Elevated. ..171 Amalg Copper 101«£
Boston' & Maine. . .19414 Atlantic 31H
Chi B & Q 154'i'rjoston & Montana.347
Dominion Coal 39>4 Butte & Boston.... 1O3'4
Do prefd 110 ICalumet & Hecla..853
Federal Steel 41%IOntennial 254 <
Do prefd 89%^ranklln 22<,4
Fltchburg prefd. ..144^1 Humboldt 62^
Gen -Electric 211H Osceo'.a $7
Do prefd 133 (Parrot £1
KA Elec 111 250 Qulncy 1744
Mexican Central... 21 Santa Fe Copper... 7*.»
N E Gas & Coke.. 12H Tamarack 340
Old Colony 20S Utah Mining 34
Old Dominion 3«Tt Wlnona 6U
Rubber IS Wolverines 61%
1 Onions.. Der lb..... 43 5 Turnips, per doz. . lot?—
Okra. dried, lb — — @35J Tomatoes, Der lb.10315
Fish-
Barracuda — <$— iShad 1319
Carp 83i0 Striped Bajs....l2V: -
Catfish ly-itS— Sea Bass —©15
Codfish 12®15!Smelts 15fi —
Flounders 8@10Soles 10*g—
Halibut 10»15: Skates, each 8^12
Herring tfy— Tomcod — Q\<)
Klngflsh 90— 'Turbot 25^—
MaeKervl — @— jWhitefish 10^*—
Do* Horse — 0— Clams, gallon 50®—
Perch 10@12l Do. hardshell, lb 8?h(>
Pomplno — @— ; Crabs, each ....12H&—
Rockflsh 12H9— J Do. softshell.dz.4iva—
Salmon, fresh 1S"S2H Mussels, quart S^t"
Do. smoked 15040 Oysters. Cal. 10O..40«?ii>
Shrimps SGlOi Do. Eastern. Az.ZoiHO
m
* +
Butter, Cheese and Eggs axe plentiful at
about last week's prices.
Poultry Is In moderate supply, as receipts
from the East are net large at present. Pr!c*> s
show little variation. Game is cominar la
slenderly, as usual at this time of th» year.
The spring Vegetables are still rather dear.
but supplies are gradually Increasing and
prices will soon be down to the capacity of t^a
general public purse. •
Decayed Oranges have about disappear? '.,
and most of them are now sound and & - ;.
Limes continue scarce and dear.
Coal, yer ton—
Cannel $ CU 60' Southfleld
Wellington.. <QU 00 Wellington — ©11 OT
EeaJtle » 00© ICoom Bay.... — © 7 SO
Dairy Produce, etc —
Butter, choice, •q.J5®40;Common Egg»--12H;—
Do, good 300- Ranch Eggs, p«r
Pickled 30QJ5 dozea 138174
Tub. per lb 25©- Honey Comb, per
Cheeee. Cal 12S15J pound WSTi
Cheese. Eastern.. 17®20 Do, extracted.. .10^12
Cheese. Swiss 20@35'
Poultry and Game-
Hens, each <0S7J!Ducks, each JCflM
Young Roosters. Oeese. each.. .$1 80©'. 75
each 75^90 Pigeons. p«Jr «?%!>'>
Old Roosters. ea-.S0&60 Rabbits, pair 40fi —
Fryers, each 85^75 Hare, each — vT)
Broilers, each 50<S«0 Wild Geese, pair.SO-tfM
Turkeys, per lb...l7®20
Meats. p»r lb —
Bacon IZigvi Round Steak 10®—
Beef, choice 12S15 Sirloin SteaJc 12H^—
Do, good 10@— Tenderloin, do 150—
Corned Beef 10-3— Porterhouse. do.lT\»^-
Ham 12@l.»! Smoked Beef — @13
Lard — 015 Pork, salt lO-ai:',
Mutton, 12®15 Pork Chops W3—
Lamb — @15 Pork Sausages. .12^^15
Pork, fresh 15@— Veai 12^15
Fruits and Nuts —
Almonds 13<f?20 Limes, per dar...— £:S
Apples 5® 8 Lemons, dos 15@?S
Bananas, doz 254£30 Raisins, per lb — & —
Oranges, doz 154J35 Walnuts, per lb..l5^M
Vegetables—
Asparagus, per ib.lO^IO'Peppers. per lb....r < S>—
Artichokes, doz 25'>5 l f? Potatoes, per lb.. 2-}—
Beets, doz 10® — New do fta —
Beans. white. lb.l2H3*— Rhubarb, per lb.. gaiO
Colored, per lb..lt>ij— Sweet Potatoes, lb 3@—
Dried Lima. lb.. 69 S Parsnips, per di.l(v^—
Cabbage, each 8@ — Radlshes.dz bchs.l3ar>
Cauliflowers, each 50 — (Sage, doz bnehs. .25'ati
Celery, head 5*? — |Strlng Bean9.lb.12H9—
Cress, doz bnchs. 15^20. Summer gquash.
Cucumbers. doz.$l 50S3J per lb 15#2!)
Egg Plant, lb —025 Sprouts, per lb.... S$ S
Green Peas, lb — 5<a 8 1 Spinach, per lb... 5<3—
Lettuce, per doz.. 15@2o Thyme, doz bchs.2Ce.T)
* : 4
NEW YORK, March 15.-The following ta
ble, compiled by Bradstreet's, shows the bank
clearings at all principal cities for the week
ended March- 14, with the percentage of In
crease and decrease as compared with the cor
responding wtek last year.
Shipment of $100,146 to China.
Silver lower. Exchange unaltered,
ll'hcat and Barley advanced again.
Oats, Corn and Rye dull and unchanged.
Hay and Feed stuffs undistutbed.
Xo further change in Beans and Seeds.
Vegetables continue in ample supply..; ¦¦¦
Potatoes and Onions as before quoted.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs selling at previous prices.
Oranges and Limes firm. Lemons weak.
Pried Fruit situation unchanged.
Hams, Bacon and Lard selling down to cost.
Hogs in light receipt again.
Coal in sufficient supply and steady. ¦ .
Oil stocks selling heavily at zveaker quotations.
Local stocks and bonds rather quiet.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Failures for the week were 209 In the United
States, against 190 last year, and 83 In Canada,
against 23 last year.
Further declines are reported in wool, making
a material fall since the month opened. At the
last concession Boston holders exhibit an In
clination t» refuse bids and there Is more in
dication of steadiness than previously this sea-
Bon, i • •
Prospects for a good winter .wheat crop are
bright, y \
Steel mills are still much behind their orders,
and contracts Tor Bessemer piK for J ulv deliv
ery Indicate that the activity is not considered
temporary." Yet the wide difference in quota
tion between Immediate and distant sales sug
gests some fear that the present high prices
cannot be maintained. While the various pools
and associations are extremely conservative
about advancing nominal price lists, actual
business continues to be transacted at pre
miums, which are according to the urgency of
purchasers. Structural material Is still a fea
ture, and the rapid development of newly dis
covered oil fields Is creating an unusual demand
for plates, pipes .and drilling machinery. Steel
rail contracts have been Increased and rail
ways need rollirig stock. PIgiron production,
according to the Iron Age, has Increased to
J32.3S9 tons weekly, which is about 5000 tons
below the high record of February 1. 1900. It
is surprising to find, despite an output at the
rate of over 15.000,000 tons annually, that fur
nace stocks decreased • 21.236 tons 'during Feb
ruary, making: the total 535.443 tons on March
1. agarnst 670,531 tons f.ve months ago.
Boot and shoe shops are well occupied, East
ern factories having their full capacity en
gaged In some cases up to September 1, and
even the less fortunate makers have contracts
for some months. . Leather is active and welt
sustained.- Slight Improvements In special lines
of textiles are occasionally noticed, but prices
are maintained with difficulty.
all Iron and steel products that can be deliv
ered, heavy grain exports at good prices, activ
ity in miner industries and a money market
that imposes no hardship upon business com
prise the bright side of the picture of the week.
Threatening labor troubles seem more remote.
The textile markets, long backward, have again
failed to respond to the general confidence in
commercittl circles. A slight rally in cotton
was not held and the toods market shows a
decline In a month from 5*4 to 5%c in standard
brown sheetings, at 22 to 21c in wide sheetings.
5*; to 6c In fine brown drills and 5% to 5V4c In
staple ginghams.
BAGS— San Quentln Bags. $3 65; "Calcutta.
Grain Bags, June and July, 6%S7c; spot. 6HO
6%c; local make, %c less than Calcuttas; Wool
Bags, 30@34c; Fleece Twine. 7%©8a
COAL— Welllngtcn. $3 per ton: Southfleld
Wellington. J9; Seattle. 17; Bryant *7- - Coo«
?•/• £ % "^ 1 ! s * n > X3: co^p^tiv* 7 w.lX!
end. $9: Cumberland, $12 In bulk and $13 25 In
sacks: Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg. $14: Can
nel $10 per ton; Coke. $15 per ton In bulk and
* 17 ll LJ! acks: R ocky Mountain descriptions. M 4o
per 2000 pounds and JS 50 per ton. according
to brand.
Harrison's circular nays: "During th* week
tnere nave been four arrivals of coal from
British Columbia. 12.331 tons: eight from Wash
ington. 23.150 tons; two from Oregon. 122C
tons; one from Australia. 1241 tons; total, 33 -
002 tons. The quantity coming to- hand is
fully supplying all Immediate calls, both for
house and steam uses, hence the prices aro
steady, and business Is fairly well maintained
Prophecies of varied characters are being made
as to the future of the coal market locally
The domestic demand will be fully equal to
former years, as It cannot be displaced by
other fuels, as no substitutes can be found for
coal. For steam uses for manufacturing pur
poses coal will be largely displaced by fuel
oil. on the grounds of economy. Already scat
tered through the city tanks are being placed
for the reception of oil where -coal wa< for
merly used. Our street railroads, large build
ings with elevators, and large and small fac
tories are gradually drifting Into Its use. All
our bay and ocean steamers will doubtless ad
hero to coal consumption, as the Insurance
risk I* materially Increased by the utilizing
of any. other fuel.- hence the coal sales per an
num will remain large, notwithstanding the
Influx of fuel oil Into the market. The de
crease of Imports of foreign coal will cause a
maintenance of high outward grain freights
as incoming vessels will not receive the gen
erous . coal freights formerly ruling, and will
demand high freights outward to make rood
the difference."
SUGAR— The Western Soar Refining Com
pany quotes, per lb. In 10rt-lb hags:
Crushed. 6.65c: Powdered. 5.65c; Candy Gran
ulated. 6.65c; Dry Granulated. 6.55c; Confec
££?"£'•& 6 - BSc: Ma * nt>ll » A. S. 15c; Extra. C.
R.05c; Golden C. 4.95c: barrels. 10c mor-- halfl
barrels. lie more; boxes. 50c more; 50-lb bags.
General Merchandise.
VEAL— Large. 7©8c: small. 9c per lb.
MUTTON-Wethers. S©$Hc; Ewes. 8H©9c per
pound. p
ll^^rrltmd! 11^ 1CC P * r lb: 8prtn *- 10 «
i«r? R «TVK Ve ¦¦5°*5u 18<) J b> and under - «^c:
San Francisco Meat Market.
Receipts of Hogs have, again fallen off. and
are now small. The consequence Is & firm
market. The other Meats continue steady at
previous prices. . •
BEEF— 7©»c for Steers and «@7Hc per lb for
HIDES AND SKINS — Culls and brands sell
about lHc under quotations. Heavy Salted
Steers. 9%@10c; medium, 8H@9c; light. 82S%c;
Cow Hides, 8^c for heavy and 8c for light;
Stags. 6@6Hc; Salted Kip. 9c; Salted Veal. 9©
9>/4c; Salted Calf. 10c; Dry Hides. 15H®l«c-
Culls. 13Vi@14c; Dry Kip, 15@l6c; Dry Calf 16«
17c; Culls and Brands, 14Sl5c; Sheepskins
shearlings. 20@30c each; short Wool. SOJSSOc
each: medium. EC® 73c: long "Wool. 75e£f$l
each: Horse Hides, salt. 12 £0@2 75 for large
and J2®2 25 for medium. Jl 25 for small and SOo
for colts; Horse Hides, dry, $1 75 for large. $150
for medium. $1 25 for small and 50c for colts
Deerskins— Summer or red skins. SSc; fall or
medium skins, 30c; winter or thin skins. 20c
Goatskins— Prime Angoras. 75c; large and
smooth. 50c; medium. 35c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 4H045»o per lb-
No. 2. 4@4»ic: grease. 2(8 2%c.
WOOL— Spring, 1900— Humboldt and Mendo
clno, 15@16c Der lb: Northern, free. 12®13c; do
defective, 10@llc: Middle County, free. 10©llc;
do. defective. 9@10c; Southern, 12 months, Ifl
9c: Southern, free, 7 months, 7©10c: | do, de
fective. 7 months. 7©Sc: Oregon Valley. fln«,
15@16e: do. medium and coarse, 14©15c; Ore
gon Eastern, choice. 12® 14c: do. fair to good
9® lie; Nevada, 10@lSc. Fall— Humboldt and
Mendoclno, ll@12c; Middle County and North
ern. 8JJ9c: San Joaquin, 7®3c
HOPS— 15@20c per lb. ~ - .
Dealers say that Hams. Bacon and Lard
are selling at about the cost of importation
and In some cases below It. ' 'The feeling Is
firm enough, but the demand Is slow.
CURED MEATS— Bacon, WgllHc per.lb for
heavy, ll«®12c for light medium. 12H®13o for
light. 13914c for extra light and 15@15?4e for
sugar-cured; Eastern sugar-cured Hams. 12®
12^c; Mess Beef, 112 per barrel; extra Mess,
$13: Family, J14; extra fine Pork; ?15@15 so
extra clear, $19 50® 20; Mess. $17; Smoked'
Beef. 13c per pound.
LARD — Tierces quoted at 6Hc per lb for
compound and 9«4@D%c for pure; half-barrels
pure, 10c: 10-lb tins, -lOftc: s-lb tins, lOHc.
COTTOLENE— One half barrels, g«4c; thre«
half-barrels. 8c; on« tierce. 7T»c: two tierces.
7»ic; five tierces. 7Hc per lb.
Hides, Tallozv, Wool and Hops.
HONEY— Comb. 13H@14c for bright and 1'iie
13c for light amber: water white extracted
74c; light amber extracted. 64&7c; dark &¦»
64c per lb. .
BEESWAX-24©26c per lb.
Provisions.
There Is nothing new to report
FRUITS— Apricots. 507c for Royals and 84©
10c for Moorparks; Evaporated Apples. 4854c:
sun-dried. 14@2%c; Peaches. 3@34c for stand
ard. 4©44c for choice and 5i?Sc for fancy
Pears. 2@7c; Plums, pitted. 4@3c; unpltted. 1J)
l(ic: Nectarines. 5@54c forced and 5V»@6c for
white.
PRUNES— Santa Clara. 4 sizes. 3c: S0-40s, 7c
40-508, 6Uc; 50-60s. 44c; 60-70s, 3%c; 70-80s, ZXlc
80-SOs, 2%c; 90-lOOs, 2%c; 100-1209, 14c; rubles,
%c premium; Sonomas, He and San Joaquins
%c less than Santa Claras, except 100 and over
which stand the same.
RAISINS— The Raisin Growers' Association
has established the following prices: Bleached
Thompson's fancy, 12c per lb: choice, lie*
standard, 10c: prime. 9c; unbleached Thomp
sons; 9c per lb. Sultanas — Fancy. lO'-ic per
lb; choice. 94c; standard. S%c; prime. 8c; un
bleached Sultanas, Sc: Seedless. 50-lb boxes
64c; 4-crown, 7c; 3-crown, 64c; 2-crown. 6c!
Pacific brand, 2-crown. 5c; 3-crown, 5t;c. and
4-crown. 54c: seeded <Fresno prices), fancy. 18
ounce. 7c; 12-ounce. 54c: choice, renounce, t\cz
12-ounc«. 5 L ic; London Layers. 2-crown. Jl 5)
per box; 3-crown. 11 CO: Fancy Clusters, 12; d«.
hesa, $2 50; Imperial. J3. All prices f. o. b at
common shipping points In California.
NUTS— Chestnuts. 8®10c per lb for Italian-
Walnuts. No. 1 softshell. 10c; No. 2. 74c- So'
1 hardshell. 94c: No. 2, 7c; Almonds. 12@13o
for papershell. WUc for softshell; Peanuts 50
Cc for Eastern: Brazil Nuts. 13c; Filberts 'l3c-
Pecans. 11013c: Cocoanuts, $3 50<f?3.
The Orang« market continues In good condi
tion, as tha decayed stock aeems to have be
come eliminated from tb» receipts, and It Is
now the exception rather than tha rule, as was
the case a fortnight 8go. At the auction 9
cars were sold, as follows: Fancy Navels,
$1 15@1 80: choice do, 90cgJl 15; standard do.
85c@»l 10; Lemons. 75c-3« 25.
Lemons are weaker again, as receipts have
suddenly Increased. Limes are firm at a fur
ther advance. Bananas continue firm.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS
APPLES—50<g73c per box for common. 90ca
11 50 for good to choice and SI 75®1 for fancy.
PEARS— 75c©$l 5f> per box and nominal.
CITRUS FRUITS— Navel Oranges. $1@2;
Seedlings. SOdgSl: Tangerines. . 23c@Jl 25:
Japanese Mandarins. JI'&I 50; Lemons, JtfjJ
$1 &0 for common and $1 73*J2 25 for good
to choice: drape Fruit. 5Oc® $2; Mexican
Limes. SSSSSO; California Limes, nominal; Ba
nanas, 75c@J2 25 per bunch; Pineapples, 75c0
$2 per dozen.
Dried Fruits, Nirts and Raisins.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Storage— California fancy, : standard.
; Eastern fancy. ; standard, ; sec
onds, .
K'g, P€r pound.
CHEESE — Fancy, full cream, lc: choice.
8c; common, nominal: Young Americas. »4«:
Eastern, full cream. 15S164O per lb.
EGGS —
California Ranch — Selected White. 124c:
nixed colors, 114c per dozen.
California Gathered-Selected. llHc: stand
ard. lie; seconds.' .
Fresh Eastern— Fancy. : standard. :
seconds, .
Receipts as reported by the Dairy Exchange
were: 68.900 pounds of Butter. 1417 cases Eggs,
15.850 pounds California Cheese. and pounds
Eastern Cheese.
BUTTER—
Creamery— Extras, 17c; firsts, 15c; seconds.
14c.
Dairv— Extras, 15c; firsts, 13c; seconds. 12c;
store. He.
Storage— Creamery extras. - — : firsts, ;
st-conds. ; dairy extras. »
Pickle, per pound.
The situation In Eggs Is as before, the de
mand for cold storage, coupled with large local
consumption, keeping stocks down. Quotations
remain without change.
There Is more Eutter on the market again,
owing to free receipts from up the coast, but
stocks are not excessive and the market Is
quoted steady and unchanged.
Cheese Is also steady. There is plenty com
ing In, but it is going out very well.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
biers and 12913c for Hens; Dressed Turkeys.
1240140; Geese, per pair, $1 60@2; Goslings,
$2 50@2 75: Duck3, $4®5 for old and J6@7 50 for
young; Hens, $4 50€ 6: Young- Roosters. $3@7;
old Roosters, $4 50; Fryers. $3 50@«: Broilers.
S4 59<gi5 50 for large and i'S'a I for small:
Pigeons. $1 75(§'2 per dozen for old and $2 50©
2 75 for Squabs.
GAME— Gray Geese. |3: White Geese. V9
1 23: Brant. $1 50<gi 73 for small and $2 for
large: Honkers. JC04 50: English Snipe. -:
Jack Snipe, ; Hare. $1®1 25; Rabbits. $1 23
Ql 50 for Cottontail and 73c8$l for Brush.
LIVERPOOL. March 15.— WHEAT— Spot,
firm; No. 1 California, 6s 2%d; No. 1 Northern
spring 6s 24d; No. 2 red Western winter.
6s ll'4d. Futures— Firm. May. 6s %d; July,
6s %d.
CORN— Spot, firm; American mixed, new.
3s 10%d; do old, 4s }Jd. Futures— Steady, May,
3s 104d; July. 3s lOd.
LIVERPOOL. March 15.— Wheat, firm; No. 1
standard California, 6s Z\i<l; wheat in Paris,
steady: flour In Paris, steady; weather in Eng
land, fine.
COTTON— Uplands. Bd.
CLOSING.
LONDON, March 15.— Consols. 96%; stiver,
28 l-16d; French rentes, 102f 374e; wheat cargoes
off coast, demand; cargoes on passage, quieter,
hardly any; cargoes No. 1 standard CaJl/ornla,
29s 6.1; cargoes Walla Walla. 28s 7%d; English
country markets, quiet.
Foreign Markets.
PORTLAND, March 15.— WHEAT — Some
Walla Walla wheat sold to-day at 564c per
bushel and reports were In circulation that E7o
was being paid In the Interior. This Is fully lc
above the export value.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA. March 15.— WHEAT— Quiet and
firm; Blue Stem. aS'ic; Club, 66c.
OREGON
Northern Wheat Market.
PORTLAND. March 15.— Clearings. $311,015:
balances, $44,974. - '\ r. \-*
Portland's Business.
LONDON, March 15.— The offerings at th»
auction wool sales numbered 13.5S7 bales. The
quality was better, and competition was
spirited. The home trade was a good buyer.
Prices showed a hardening tendency. A good
section of merinos sold freely to Yorkshire
and German representatives. Croes-breds were
in moderate supply ind were quickly taken,
several suitable . parcels of greasy, especially
super light, going to American buyers, who
also took a quantity of. good greasy Cape cf
Good Hope and Natal.
London Wool Sales.
NEW YORK. March 15.— Cotton closed
steady, net six points lower.
New York Cotton Market.
weak at £6S 10s on spot and £69 on futures.
Our market was dull on the basis ot $17 for
lake and {16 624 for casting. Exports of cop
per are still falling oft rapidly. Production
for February amounted lo 21.000 tons; total for
two months. 43.779 tons, as contrasted with
£1,900 tons last year. Lead was dull and un
changed. Spelter weak. {3 90@3 95. While the
undertone of Iron -is easy prices remain un
changed.
FOR FRIDAY. MARCH 13. "
Flour, qr sks.... 14.731 Straw, tons .1.1
Wheat, ctls 5.155IHay. tons K*
Barley, ctls 2S5|Pelt!t. Mis 4
Oats, ctls 1.7*0kHldes. No 2ZT,
Corn, ctls 50 Lime., bbls 4:,2
Potatoes, sks ... 2,273 Rrandy. gals — S.roo
Onions, sks 440 Win*, gals 93. 4tt
Bran sks S. 150 Leather, rolls ... «¦;
Middlings, sks .. 225 Quicksilver, finks K
Sugar, ctls 2. COO Tallow, ctla ..... «.j
Wool, bales H7l
OREGON*.
Potatoes, sks ... 29i!
EASTER-N*.
Oats, ctls 1.500
Receipts of Produce.
10c more. Ko orders taken for less than 73
barrels or Its equivalent. Domiao», half-bar
r*ls. 8.Jtc: boxes. 8. toe per lb.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, MARCH 16, 1901:
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
Bank Clearings.
Family Retail Market.
New York Grain and Produce.
LOCAL MARKETS.
STOCK MARKET.
Bradstrect's on Trade.
Air eric
10
CITIES. j
i I, — Percent — ,
Clearings. Inc. I Dec.
Montreal
Toronto •
Winnipeg
Halifax
Hamilton
St. John, N*. B
Victoria
Vancouver, B. C-...
$13,814,844- 17.2 ....
12,201.147 37.0
1.616.611 1.9
l,44fi.54S 1.4
TSS.415 7.9
593.150 11.4
433.122 .,.. 1.1
702.003 3.3
Totals j
J31.707.M0 I 20.8
, — Percent — «
¦ CITIE& Clearings. Inc. Uec.
New York J1.426.5S6.761 41.1 „„
Boston 139,695.971 24.0
Chicago 132.2W.706 3.0
Philadelphia 85.21U.8s3 2.9
St. Louis 4<J.2*9.»33 32.* ....
Pittsburg 35.SU.760 37.3 ....
Baltimore %S0S,6u6 9.4 ....
San Francisco 22,041,033 14 3 ....
Cincinnati 17.313,650 8.1
Kansas City 15.4S1.SS6 8.7 ....
New Orleans 12.708.495 16 6
Minneapolis 9.493.S02 t.O
Detroit 9,083,459 20.1 ....
Cleveland i:,404,505 14.4 ....
Louisville. 8,821.262 11.3
Providenca - 6.223,800 8.1 ....
Milwaukee 5,659 050 .... ....
Bt. Paul 4.22S.696 3.1 ....
Buffalo 6.028,045 4.0
Omaha 6,739,433 16.4
Indianapolis 6,294,205 17.2 ....
Columbus, O ' 4.995,200 15.8 ....
Savannah 3.093,133 .... 30.5
Denver 4,053.386 14.9 ....
Hartford 2.271.S36 .... 17.6
Richmond 3,935.663 22.5 ....
Memphis 3.060,292 4.7 ....
Washington 3.373,758 23.9 ....
Peorla 2,378,365 19.1 ....
Rochester 1,84S,9SS 22.2 ....
New Haven 1,370,439 7.5
Worcester 1,332,551 11.3
Atlanta 2.236.204 30.0 ....
Salt Lake City 2.760.238 23.4
Springfield, Mass... 1.164.36J 8.2
Fort Worth 2,823,256 83.0 ....
Portland, Me 1.C96.957 20.0
Portland. Or 2.127,021 37.6
St. Joseph 3.513.713 12.7
L.OS Angeles 3,3)1.53S 31.9 ....
Norfolk 1.342,378 .... ....
Syracuse 1.033.S73 4.0
Des .Moines 2.003.268 35.4
Nashville 1.527.180 '32.8
Wilmington, Del 875,*63 .... ....
Kail Kiver 691.170 18.4
Scranton 1,170.323 35.5 ....
Grand Rapids 1.309,544 15.8 ....
Augusta, Ga. 2,139.870 40.6 ....
Lowell 5O7,f.J4 12.4 ....
Dayton. 0 1,070.740 4.2
Seattle. 2.621.553 44.8
Tacoma 1,221.450 5.3
Spokane S9?,3a5 .... 15.1
Sioux City 1,234.566 14.8
New Bedford 36S.558 31.3
Knoxville. 1'enn 679,611 35.3
Topeka 1.112.34S 115.0
Hirmingham 901.368 13.1
Wichita 560,765 1.4
Binghamton 340.6OO io.C
Lexington. Ky 497.24S 11.1
Jacksonville, Fla... 338,344 13.8 ....
Kalamazoo 400,541 ....
Akron 448,200 1.4
Chattanooga 410,084 2.1
Rockford. Ill 383.810 5.2
Canton. 0 298.000 36.6
Springfield. 0 330.418 10.5
Fargo, N. D 2S1.21S 7.2
Sioux Falls, S. D... 219.398 32.7
Hastings, Nebr 150.823 14.5
Davenport 1.153.891 44.4
Toledo 2.0S8.201 1.2
Galveston 8,458.000 35.8 ....
Houston 8.S27.212 13.4 ....
Colorado Springs.... 948.458
Helena 648.181 19.1
Kittle Rock 690.159 67.4
Kvansvllle 897.816 9.7
Macon 651.000 10.9
Springfield, 111 613.623 .... 10.3
Youhgstown. 0 41S.872 4.2
Wheeling, W. Va.. 554,731
Totals, U. S 12.105,217.109 30.7
Totals outJlde of
New Tork 673,630,343 21.0
CITIES. j
i I, — Percent — ,
Clearings. Inc. I Dec.
Montreal
Toronto •
Winnipeg
Halifax
Hamilton
St. John, N*. B
Victoria
Vancouver, B. C-...
$13,814,844- 17.2 ....
12,201.147 37.0
1.616.611 1.9
l,44fi.54S 1.4
TSS.415 7.9
593.150 11.4
433.122 .,.. 1.1
702.003 3.3
Totals j
J31.707.M0 I 20.8
, — Percent — «
¦ CITIE& Clearings. Inc. Uec.
New York J1.426.5S6.761 41.1 „„
Boston 139,695.971 24.0
Chicago 132.2W.706 3.0
Philadelphia 85.21U.8s3 2.9
St. Louis 4<J.2*9.»33 32.* ....
Pittsburg 35.SU.760 37.3 ....
Baltimore %S0S,6u6 9.4 ....
San Francisco 22,041,033 14 3 ....
Cincinnati 17.313,650 8.1
Kansas City 15.4S1.SS6 8.7 ....
New Orleans 12.708.495 16 6
Minneapolis 9.493.S02 t.O
Detroit 9,083,459 20.1 ....
Cleveland i:,404,505 14.4 ....
Louisville. 8,821.262 11.3
Providenca - 6.223,800 8.1 ....
Milwaukee 5,659 050 .... ....
Bt. Paul 4.22S.696 3.1 ....
Buffalo 6.028,045 4.0
Omaha 6,739,433 16.4
Indianapolis 6,294,205 17.2 ....
Columbus, O ' 4.995,200 15.8 ....
Savannah 3.093,133 .... 30.5
Denver 4,053.386 14.9 ....
Hartford 2.271.S36 .... 17.6
Richmond 3,935.663 22.5 ....
Memphis 3.060,292 4.7 ....
Washington 3.373,758 23.9 ....
Peorla 2,378,365 19.1 ....
Rochester 1,84S,9SS 22.2 ....
New Haven 1,370,439 7.5
Worcester 1,332,551 11.3
Atlanta 2.236.204 30.0 ....
Salt Lake City 2.760.238 23.4
Springfield, Mass... 1.164.36J 8.2
Fort Worth 2,823,256 83.0 ....
Portland, Me 1.C96.957 20.0
Portland. Or 2.127,021 37.6
St. Joseph 3.513.713 12.7
L.OS Angeles 3,3)1.53S 31.9 ....
Norfolk 1.342,378 .... ....
Syracuse 1.033.S73 4.0
Des .Moines 2.003.268 35.4
Nashville 1.527.180 '32.8
Wilmington, Del 875,*63 .... ....
Kail Kiver 691.170 18.4
Scranton 1,170.323 35.5 ....
Grand Rapids 1.309,544 15.8 ....
Augusta, Ga. 2,139.870 40.6 ....
Lowell 5O7,f.J4 12.4 ....
Dayton. 0 1,070.740 4.2
Seattle. 2.621.553 44.8
Tacoma 1,221.450 5.3
Spokane S9?,3a5 .... 15.1
Sioux City 1,234.566 14.8
New Bedford 36S.558 31.3
Knoxville. 1'enn 679,611 35.3
Topeka 1.112.34S 115.0
Hirmingham 901.368 13.1
Wichita 560,765 1.4
Binghamton 340.6OO io.C
Lexington. Ky 497.24S 11.1
Jacksonville, Fla... 338,344 13.8 ....
Kalamazoo 400,541 ....
Akron 448,200 1.4
Chattanooga 410,084 2.1
Rockford. Ill 383.810 5.2
Canton. 0 298.000 36.6
Springfield. 0 330.418 10.5
Fargo, N. D 2S1.21S 7.2
Sioux Falls, S. D... 219.398 32.7
Hastings, Nebr 150.823 14.5
Davenport 1.153.891 44.4
Toledo 2.0S8.201 1.2
Galveston 8,458.000 35.8 ....
Houston 8.S27.212 13.4 ....
Colorado Springs.... 948.458
Helena 648.181 19.1
Kittle Rock 690.159 67.4
Kvansvllle 897.816 9.7
Macon 651.000 10.9
Springfield, 111 613.623 .... 10.3
Youhgstown. 0 41S.872 4.2
Wheeling, W. Va.. 554,731
Totals, U. S 12.105,217.109 30.7
Totals outJlde of
New Tork 673,630,343 21.0SALINAS, March 13.— Robert Torres,
a young 1 man of barely 21 yeara, has been
arrested on a charge of forgery. Torres
presented a check for JC6 to the propri
etor of the Yellowstone saloon, and as the
check bore the signature of S. N.
Matthews, a prominent cattleman of the
Salinas Valley, it was cashed without
hesitation. Later the saloon proprietor
discovered that the check was a forgery-
When arrested Torres declared that ho
had found the check.
Architect Howard of N.w
York Addresses Students
at Berkeley.
"7
Comes at Solicitation of Mrs. Hearst
to Examine Ground Preparatory
to Erecting First
Building.
BERKELEY. March 13.— A university
meeting was held thl3 morning in the
gymnasium. It was addressed by John
Galen Howard, the New York architect,
and Dr. F. W. Clampett. rector of Trinity
Church, San Francisco. President
Wheeler presided.
'Architect Howard sa'd In part:
- "I was recently reo-uested by Mrr.
Hearst to take up the work of designing
the first of the new university buildings.
She Is to erect the raining and engineer
ing building as a memorial to the lat«»
Senator Hearst. The great university
plans are about to be realized: the first
step is just about to be taken. We aro
here In a land of supremest promise. Prog
ress, courage, power— those are the word*
blazoned on the shield of the State ami
the brightest of the jewels in that shield
19 education. We shall not live to aco
.this great work completed. A great worlc
Is never finished: It never dies.
' Dr. Clampett spoke on the traditions
and work of the University of Dublin. In
closing he said:
"I have listened to sermons until th*y
have almost hardened me; I have preachcl
until I have probab'y hardened others:
but let me tell you this: The plain won!*
of advice and counsel piven me by tho
faculty of Dublin have tausht me th»
words of no other men have done. When
I graduated I found I was but an under
graduate of the great world outside."
TALKS OF PLANS
FOR UNIVERSITY
WHAT THE UNINFORMED MAY. PICTURE IN THEIR MINDS WHEN THEY ARE INFORMED THAT FARMER
EMIL, NUSBAUMER IS NOW ABROAD IN THE LAND IN THE CAPACITY OF CENSOR OF AGRICULTURAL
PRODUCTS.'
LIBELS THE IROQUOIS.— Matthew - Bridges
filed a libel yesterday In ] the United States
District Court against the ship Iroquols to. re
cover $5000 damages for the loss of a leg." al
leged to be due to 'the negligence of the mas
ter of the vessel.
i* U- Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
HIS Broadway. March 15.
Entertainment without surfeit, honors
without fatigue, will be the aim of the
committee appointed to supervise Oak
land's reception to President McKInley
on the occasion of the Chief Executive's
approaching visit to the city. The com
mittee has borne in mind the fact that
the President is in search of much-needed
rest. There will be no handshaking, and
it is possible that no public address will
be asked from the eminent visitor.
The plans, as laid before the Board of
Trade by Mayor Snow this morning and
approved by that body, begin with a
carriage ride from Berkeley, where the
President will deliver the commencement
oration, to the home of Senator George
C. Perkins on Vernon Heights.
School children drawn up in line along
the route to be traveled by the Presiden
tial party will scatter flowers in the road
way. There will be no pelting, say the
committee. v
At the Perkins residence the reception
committee will deliver the freedom of the
city to the President and he will meet
socially some of Oakland's most promi
nent citizens.
From Vernon Heights tho party ¦will
drive through gayly decorated streets to
the Macdonough Theater, where it is
hoped that the President will deliver a
brief address. After the exercises there
the Presidential party will be driven- to
the pier where a Government vessel will
be In waiting to convey them across the
bay. • :
Mayor Snow has appointed the commit
tees, who will have charge of the ar
rangements, : after .. consultation with
Mayor-elect Barstow, to whom will fall
the honor of receiving the President. They
are as follows: :
Programme and Route— Edson Adams, John
A. Britton and P. E. Bowles. - •
Transportation— R. P. Jennings.
Decoration of Roads— T. H. Williams, E. B.
Jerome, F. W. Delger. C. D. Bates Jr.
Decoration of Streets — H. F. Gordon. F. M.
Emlth, A. Schilling, U. E. Bromwell.
Decoration of Buildings— D. E. Collins. H. P.
Carlton, R. H. , Chamberlain. H.- C.^Taft.
Decoration of ' Harbor— J. P. Taylor, - John L.
Howard. W. A. Boole' Jr. ,
Finance— Isaac L.. Requa, T. H. 'Williams.
Jchn W. Phillips. W. R. Davis. Frederick S.
Stratton. ' ...
In addition to the foregoing the recep
tion committee will consist of: . ".
George C Perkins. Victor H. Metcalf, F. A,
Leach. F. W. Henshaw. O. G Pardee. C. N.
Fox, T. L.. Barker, John P. Irish. J. D. - Mc-
Clymonda and seventy-flve other prominent-cit
izens to be selected later. . ¦
It Is expected that the Presidential
party will leave Berkeley shortly after 1
o'clock. The Oakland committee's plans
will be forwarded to "Washington for ap
proval or modification to suit the Presi
dent's convenience. « . j ,
tertain Him.
McKinley Will Find Oakland in Gala
Attire and All Classes Will
Join in Endeavor to En-
PLAN TO RECEIVE
THE CITY'S GUEST
Officials Confer 'on. Prepara
tiqns to Do Honor to
the President.
For instance there is a general belief
that the convention habit is so strong
upon the new agricultural director that
the stock at the fair will be put through
a regular course of nominations. And If
they grow votes out In "Nusey's" agri
cultural district the bet is a thousand to
one that "Nusey" will start forced hot
house cultivation.
The new agricultural director has been
in receipt of bouquets of carrots and cab
bages all day, and "Nusey" is preparing
to take a course at the "Cow College"
at Berkeley in order to properly fit him
self for the discharge of his arduous
duties.
of the wily gold brick man, the joyous
confidence man and the deft pickpocket.
"They won't get thet there grip this
time," said "Nusey," as he riveted the
last link about his shoulders, "and thet
there watch '11 stay right there. A friend
er mine gimme thet. and no gol durned
bunko chap gets thet."
Whether "Nusey" ever reached his new
office or not was not chronicled in Oak
land to-day, but those who know the ex-
Jurlst, practitioner at the bar and man
aging politician have a few Ideas of what
Farmer "Nusey"- will do with it when
he gets it.
Loyalty to His Employer.
That youne man who consented to have a
portion of his blood let out to save his em
ployer set a remarkable example of heroism.
The Incident shows what : power there la In
good blood. There is only one natural war to
get eood blood, and that is from the stomach.
If the stomach needs assistance try Hosteller's
Stomach Bitters. This wonderful medicine cures
dyspepsia. Indigestion, constipation, and makes
rich red blood. • ¦ ,
PRESIDENT OF YALE
IS COMING WESTWARD
OAKLAND, March 15.— Oakland has
a "Man with a hoe." Governor
Gage has appointed that eminent
apostle of cabbages and garden
truck, Emil Nusbaumer, as Com
missioner of Agricultural District No. 1,
and now "Nusey's" friends are passing it
up to the newly accredited farmer.
Word reached Oakland last night that
the appointment had been made, and this
morning Emil Nusbaumer, farmer-at
large. started out to find his new office.
Having once read a newspaper, Mr. Nus
baumer was quite familiar with the ways
Tininent Scholar Will Deliver , the
Charter Day Address at the
University of California.
NETW HAVEN, Conn.. March 15.—Presi
dent Hadley of Yale leaves this city to
morrow for the Pacific Coast. On March
23 he .will be the Charter day orator at
the University of California.
The university corporation at its meet-
Ing to-day decided to remove the North
College Lyceum building and Treasury
building. In deference to a multitude of
protests the corporation did not vote to
remove the Old South Middle, erected In
1750. the oldest of Yale's halls, but it was
decided to remove the psychological lab
oratory. The old gymnasium will be re
modeled for laboratory purposes.
m
FRENCH ADVANCING
ON MOORISH TERRITORY
Vague Reports of Fighting Am Re-
ceived and Great Britain Is
Growing Uneasy.
LONDON, March IS.— The Tangier cor
respondent of the Daily Chronicle, dealing
with the reported French encroachments
upon Moorish territory, says:
"There has been severe fighting although
but fow details are allowed to pass the
censor. It Is clear, however, that General
Risbourg's column has established French
authority south of Figulg, although the
rumor that Figuig had been occupied by
the -French Is not confirmed. There Is an
uneasy feeling there that, owing: to the
complications in South Africa and China,
Great Britain may be unwilling to stand
between France and Morocco.' '
"Wells' Veto Sustained.
SALT LAKE, March 15.— In the State
Senate this afternoon the Governor's veto
of the Evans bill was called up and on
motion as to whether the bill should pass,
notwithstanding th« veto, the vote was
9 to 5. The bill originally passed by. a
vote of 11 "to 7, and 12 votes were required
to pass the bill over, the Governor's veto.
BAKERSFIELD, March 15.— A mass-meetlnsr
of residents of Kern City was held last even
ing and Initial steps taken toward establishing
a bank In that city, with a capitalization of
150,000. The following officers and directors
were chosen: President. F. J*. Samuelson;
vice president. W. C. Ambrose; cashier, V. E.
Wilson; J. F. Dugan. F. M. Noriega, .J. L.
I>ehaull and C. P. Bhurban.
Few people are so busy helping other*
that they.can't stop to help^ themselves.
BRIEF LOCAL NEWS.
MBS. NELSON BATTERED.— Mrs Mamie
Nelson, 304 Turk street, secured a warrant yes
terday from Judge Cabaniss for the arrest of
Mrs. Mamie Goldsmith on a charge of battery.
Bhe said she met Mrs. Goldsmith on a Flllmore
etreet car Thursday and she abused her and
Btruck her. ; ••„
SUIT ON .TRADEMARKS.-Keuffel & Esaer
of New Jersey filed eult In the United States
Circuit Court yesterday against H. S. Crocker
to recover 120.000 damages for Infringement
of trademarks on drawing and drafting pa
pers and a catalogue/The plaintiffs also ask
for an accounting, and a perpetual injunction,
SMITH CASE SUBMITTED.— The case of
Charles H. Smith vs. The California Safe De
poBlt and Trust Company was argued yester
day before United States Circuit Judge Mor
row and submitted. The case involved is tlie
ownership of 304 bonds of the . California and
Nevada Railroad Company, valued at $63,000. -
PLANNING A GRAND CELEBRATION—
The Iroquols Club mcf last night and discuss
ed plans for the celebration of the fiftieth an
niversary of tho holding of the first Demo
cratlcVState convention In California. The cel
ebration - will take the. place -of the annual
convention -of State Iroquols clubs and will
be held May 19 , at Benicia. It was reported
that the town authorities of Benicia are plan
ning for a three days' celebration. The prin
cipal exercises will , be held in the old State
capltol. • A set of memorial resolutions, hand
somely engraved by Leo de Cardona, : a copy
ist in tho , County. Clerk's office, were ordered
forwarded to the family: of the late P. . J.
Thomas, treasurer of the club, . who died sud
denly a few weeks" ago. • . •¦- /
William Thomas Drops Dead.
William Thomas, janitor of the Donohoe
building, 30 years of age, fell dead thi3
morning about 1 o'clock at the corner of
Geary and Mason streets. Thomas had
been indulging in a twim at the Olympic
C4ub during the evening. He left the club
with some friends, who walked with him
to the corner where he dropped.
Franklin Tunnel Caves In.
The Franklin tunnel near Martinez ori
the Santa Fe line caved yesterday and
blocked all traffic. Passengers up to a late
hour were taken to Bay Point and brought
to this city via the Southern Pacific Rail
road. The Santa Fe officials stated last
evening that the damage was slight and
that the track would be- cleared and all
trains running soon after midnight.
COLONEL SANQER MEETS
A MARTIAL MULTITUDE
Remarkable Demonstration Is Or
dered in Honor of the New As
sistant Secretary of War.
WASHINGTON, March 15.— Colonel
William Carey Sanger's first day in the
office as Assistant Secretary of War was
marked by a most unusual military dem
onstration. By order of the Secretary all
of the officers of the army stationed in
this city were required to appear at the
War Department at 10 o'clock in uniform
for the purpose of being presented to the
new Assistant Secretary.
THE DAY'S DEAD.
Naval Lieutenant Maher.
VALLEJO, March 15.— Lieutenant A. N.
Maher, U. S. N., died this morning at the
Nayal Hospital. Mare Island, after a
stroke of paralysis. Lieutenant Maher
had been Invalided home from Cavlte, ar
riving on the Solace 3ome weeks ago. To
day he had arisen and dressed himself
preparatory to leaving on tne tug Una
dilla for a San Francisco hospital, when
the fatal stroke came. Lieutenant Maher
was appointed to Annapolis from Kansas
and graduated with the class of 1S80. He
was 42 years of age. He was known as an
excellent officer.
•-**,
Mrs. Henrietta Pryce.
SANTA CRUZ, March 15.— Mrs. Henriet
ta Pryce, who for thirty-six years has re
sided in this city and after whom Pryce
street . and Pryce's Subdivision were
named, died last evening. . She was 78
years of age and a native of Bristol, Conn.
Emblems of Mourning to Be Dis
played on Land and Sea.
ORDERS TO ARMY AND NAVY.
WASHINGTON', March 15.— The follow
ing order has been issued from the War
I'epartment. accompanying the Presi
<U tit's proclamation relative to former
President Harrison:
General Order No. 34.
3!-.ad(iuarters of the Army. Adjutant General's
Office.
"WASHINGTON", March 14. 130L
<~*n the <5ay of the funeral at each military
5-f-st the national fla* will be displayed at half
r;ast ar.'l the troops and cadets will be pa
raded an<i this order read to them. At dawn
. f <iay thirteen (runs ¦will be fired and after
vard at intervals of thirty minutes between
•h» riF'.r.ir ar.d setting- of the yun and at the
ri^pc of the <5av a salute of forty-five Runs.
The usual badge of mourning will be worn
hy officers of the army for a period of thirty
<"ays and the colors of the several regiments,
the artillery corps. United States corps of
cztftr and of the engineer battalion? will
!¦» p!ar-ed in mourning for the same period.
By command of Lieutenant General Miles.
H. C. CORBIN,
Adjutant General. Major General, U. S. A.
The Navy Department has issued a
special order relative to the tribute the
naval service -will pay to the memory of
the late ex-President Harrison. After re
rit'ng the PreEideijt'6 official announce
ment of General Harrison's death the
order continues:
In pursuance of the president's Instructions
it is hereby directed that on March 17, where
this order 1* received in time, otherwise on
the day after it* receipt, the ensign at each
raval station and on board each vessel of the
Oitt*a Plates navy in commission be hoisted
e» half-mast, and that a gun be fired at nalf
fccur ir.t»rva!s from sunrise to sunset at each
raval Elation and on board vessels acting
r :rg!y.
For the period of thirty days officers of the
r.avy and marine corps will wear the badge
r.i mourning attached to the sword hiH.
This order will be read to the officer* and
crew of all men-of-war and receiving f=hips,
who shall be assembled on the quarterdecks
of theJr respective vessels for that purpose.
JOHN D. LONG. Secretary.
»
Hed Cedar Combine Wins
TACOMA. Wash.. March 15.— In the
United States court to-day Judge Bel
linger granted the defendant's motion for
a nonsuit In the ease brought by S. A.
Olbbs against the Washington Red Cedar
Manufacturing Association to recover
damsges under the anti-trust law, claim-
Ing the association had damaged his busi
ness by combining to fix prices and cur
tail the output.
Fanning Among Leaders.
NEW YORK, March 15.— In the shoot
ing- at Interstate Park the continuous
match «nded to-day. The final score:
W. R. Crosby, 245; Fanning. 245; Gilbert,
IE8; Fox. 125. The result of the associa
tion championship event was: Crosby,
S5>; Gilbert. 9S; Fanning, S6.
GIFT OF NEW UNIFORMS.
Loomis Band Profits by Mrs. H. B.
Pendleton's Munificence.
LOOM1S, March 15.— Mrs. H. B. Pendle
ton has just donated to the Loomis cornet
band a set of uniforms costing 5350. The
gift is unconditional and was prompted
by a spirit of local pride.
The Loomls cornet band has twenty
five members, who are permanent resi
dents of this place. The organization was
effected on August 26, 1899, and $200 was
raised by the citizens of Loomls to pro
mote its Interests. Since that time all of
the old instruments have been abandoned
and new first grade instruments substi
tuted. The officers are: President, A. D.
Howard; vice president, George Hlgson;
secretary, \V. B. Pendleton; treasurer, F.
W. Turner; manager, F. \V. Turner Jr.
D. O. Kellens officiates as leader.
JUMP FROM THE WINDOWS.
Occupants of a "Washington Hotel
Receive Injuries During a Fire.
WASHINGTON, March 15.— At 3:53
a. m. to-day electric wires started a fire
in the Merchants' Hotel, 4S5 Pennsylva
nia avenue. It spread rapidly, causing- a
panic among the guests, several of whom
jumped from the windows. L. F. Henry.
48 years old, is dead. * The injured are;
Stephen Collins, proprietor of the hotel,
perious. burns; W. B. Catchings of Ken
tucky, severe injuries caused by jumping
from a window; John Scanlon, head cut
by jumping from a window, and W. B.
Ketchum of Connecticut, bruised by fall
ing downstairs.
The firemen extinguished the flames.
The damage to the building was small.
Appointments by President.
WASHINGTON, March 15.— The follow
ing appointments have been made by the
President:
Interior— Albert E. Rose of North Dakota, to
be Receiver of Public Moneys at St. Michael,
Alaska.
Navy— Peter E. Radclifte. to be a boatswain
in the navy.
War— William B. Bonhara, to be second lieu
tenant in the Twenty-ninth Infantry, U. S. V. ;
Willlan. A. Haycraft, to be first lieutenant In
the Forty-fourth Regiment of Infantry, U. S. V.
To be surgeons of volunteers, with rank of
major — Robert P. Robinson, Henry F. Hoyt,
Herbert W. Cardwell, George H. Penrose. Wil
liam F. de Niedeman, Ira C. Brown. Frederick
J. Combe. Franklin A. Meachatn. Charles M.
Drake. Thomas C. Chalmers, Seaton Norman,
John R. Hereford, John R. McDIII. James C.
Myer. Shad worth O. BeaMey, Frederick Hen
derson, John A. Metzger, Thomas B. Anderson,
Luther B. Grandy, William Cook, Samuel T.
Armstrong:. Charles L. Furbush.
To b» assistant surreons of volunteers, with
rank of captain— Clarence R. Lonff. Henry H.
Rutherford, George A. Zeller, Harry S. Moore,
Palmer H. Lyon, Walter C. Chldester, Thomas
C. Ixmzlno. Charles R. Gill, Charles E. Mac
donaia. Fred M. Barney, Corapton Wilson,
Rebe Van Adam, Georee S. Willis, Fred W.
Sprairue, John C. Orr, Arthur D. Prentice,
Elwln W. Ames, George H. Jones, William H.
Tukey. Frederick H. Uerhart, Verdo B. Greg
ory, Frank D. Pease. Francis J. Pursell. Bruce
Foulka. Walter H. E>ade, Henry W. Elliott. H.
E. Stafford. Ira A. Allen, Timothy F. Goulding-,
Laurel D. Sandall, Charles W. Hack, Frank W.
Dudley, John Carting, William G. Miller,
Charles F. Demey. George P. Reed, William T.
Tanner.
RETURNS IN GOOD HEAI/TH.
Father Mestres Welcomed Back From
Europe by Monterey Parishioners.
MONTEREY, March 15.— Rev. Father
R. M. Mestres, formerly priest of San
Carlos Roman Catholic parish in this city,
has returned home after a year spent in
Europe for the benefit of his health.
Father Mestres' return in health 13 re
praded as marvelous by his parishioners.
When he left here last year he was be
lieved to be in a dying condition and there
was little hope that he would even reach
his old home in Spain alive.
Rev. Father Ferrer, who has had
eharpre of the parish since Father Mestres'
departure, left to-day for Los Angeles, to
which place he has been transferred from
here, and Father Mestres will resume his
pastoral duties at once. Father Mestres
is RTcatly beloved here, and his return is
heralded with much rejoicing- among the
people of his church.
Oakland Of3ce San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, March 15.
The funeral of Philip H. Remlllurd took
place this afternoon from the Remillard
home on the' corner of Thirteenth and
Grove streets, where many came to pay
their last respects to the deceased. Mr.
Remillard had many friends in Oakland.
He was prominent in club and In social
circles, and -where he was known he num
bered all as his trlends, and these sought
to shew their sorrow by their attendance
to-day. The rooms were filled with floral
offerings and the casket was buried in
blossoms.
The services were simple and consisted
of a sermon by Rev. Benjamin Fay Mills
and music by the Temple quartet. Mr.
Mills spoke principally upon the immor
tality of the soul, ile said nothing hap
pened by chance, but all In accordance
with the wisest and best laws. He quoted
from the Scriptures and from the great
thinkers of the world upon mortality, and
said a few words of praise for the many
good qualities of the deceased.
The honorary pallbearers wece Albert
Gallatin Jr.. Henry Gushing. Fred
Knight. R. M. Fitzgerald, Charles Lipp,
George S. Wheaton and J. H. Ames. The
actual pallbearers were all employes of
the Remillard Brick Company— Axel
Carlson, C. Jensen. Lars Boneksen. An
tone Souza. O. Brunelle, Alfred Gregolre
and John Cruz.
The Athenian Club, Reliance Athletic
Club. Reminiscence Club and Oakland
Parlor of Native Sone all sent handsome
{'oral pieces. There were other pieces
from members of the family, the Remil
lard Lrick Company. R, M. Fitzgerald,
p:vere;: Ames. Mrs. Thomns Crellin. Mrs.
E. H. Benjamin, the Misses Oliver,
Geerpe and the Misses, Mahoney. Mrs.
l^amereaux, Mrs. Gelinas, Mr. and Mrs.
Albert Galatin and many others.
The interment was in Mountain View
Cemetery. •
Htv. Benjamin Fay Mills Preaches
the Sermon — Handsome Floral
Offerings Sent by Friends
of Deceased.
Funeral of the Popular
Young Club Man Largely
Attended.
LAST RITES OVER
PHILIP REMILLARD
ila Will Die To-Day.
FOT7K MEN MUST HANG.
Murderers of an Englishman in Man-
MANILA. March 15. — The four men who
murdered Wilson, an English employe of
the Manila municipality, last November,
have been sentenced to death and will be
l.ancfd to-morrow.
The Thirty-second Volt'Rteer Infantry,
which has been doinjj duty in the pro
vince? and will sail for home shortly, ar
rived here to-<icy. The Thirty-flfth* Vol
unteer Infantry sailed to-day with twen
ty-four officer.-? and fc<K> m»n. Originally
the regiment consisted of fifty officers
:<nd 1309 men. Of this number ten were
killed in action, about 100 returned to the
Vnited States <n Pick leave and twenty
officers and l« men will remain here.
WASHINGTON. March 15.— The officers
of the adjutant general's and quartermas
ter's departments are devoting their at
tention to the sending of regular troops
to the Philippines so replace the volun
teers brought home. The main object of
the officials is to prevent any material
decrease in General MacArthur's army of
60,009 men. There are about 40,000 regular
troops in the Orient, including those in
China. In order to keep the strength up
to CO.000 it will be necessary to provide
about 20,000 fresh troops from the United
States before Julj- L
The transports Indiana. Meade and
Pennsylvania will leave San Francisco in
a. day or two with battalions of the Tenth
Infantry. Fifth Cavalry, also battalions
of live new regiments. Arrangements
a.lsc have been made for the departure of
other vessels as follows: The Buford,
with a capacity of 61 officers and 1000 men,
on the 2oth inst.; the Hancock, capacity
of 54 officers and 10C0 men, on the 1st of
April: the KJlpatrick. capacity of 61 offi
cers and 1000 men. on the 5th of April; the
Warren, capacity of 42 officers an-1 1242
men. on April 12. and the Logan, capacity
of 66 officers ar.d 164S men, on April 15.
These vessels will be laden with regular
troops, consisting of newly organized reg
¦.ments or of home battalions of regi
ments serving in the West Indies or the
Philippines.
Satisfactory progress Is reported in the
transportation of the volunteer troops
from the Philippines to San Francisco,
several transports are now at different
stages of their voyage across the Pacific,
including the Logan with the Thirty-third
and Thirty-fourth Volunteer Infantry and
the Garonne with the Twenty-sixth Vol
unteer Infantry.
According to the schedule so far as ar
ranged other vessels will leave Manila
for home as follows; The Thomas on the
l€th irst. with the Twenty-eighth and
Thirty-fifth Volunteer Infantry; the Ro?e
crans on the 16th inst. with the Thirty
ninth Infantry, and the Grant on th.? C5th
inst. with the Twenty-ninth and Thirty
second Infantry. The transportation ar
rangements at both ends of the line have
not yet been finally completed beyond the
dates mentioned. Th*» officials of the War
Department are conlident of their ability
to execute the plan of discharging the
entire volunteer army in the United
States before the 1st of July next with
out materially reducing 1 the number and
efreetlveness of the military forces in the
Philippines.
Government Proposes to Provide
Twenty Thousand Fresh Troops
for Service by the First
of July.
All Voluntesrs in Philip
pines to Be Mustered
Out Quickly.
REGULARS WILL
RULE IN LUZON
EMIL NUSBAUMER BECOMES
AN EXPERT ON FARM PRODUCE
As Commissioner of Agriculture He Will Sit in '-Judg
ment .on Cabbages and Garden Truck.'
THE 5AIS T FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, MARCH 16, 190K
Arrested for Forgery.
11
0
ADVERTISEMENTS.
w 1^
Its least virtue is that
it lasts so.
Soap is for comfort; the
clean are comfortable.
Pears' soap cleanliness —
is perfect cleanliness.
All sorts of people use it, all sorts of stores
sell it, especially druggists.
The -man or woman with an irritable " My trouble came on me gradually
cemper, restless, fidgety movements, fail- 1 through overwork, lack of sleep and rest t
ing memory and lack of concentration is and I suffered from constipationi stomach
suffering from crippled nerves. The trouble, a fluttering of the heart, dullness,
lines ofcarc, the palid cheeks, the wasting confusion of ideas, brain fever and ncrv-
flcsh, the dark circles under the eyes tell ous . prostration, h was greatly reduced
all too plainly of the worry, the pain, in flesh when I took my first dose of Dr. .
the loss of sleep and disturbed digestion, . Miles' Nervine. In six weeks I gained
that break down the nervous forces and eighteen pounds and felt 'hearty and
consume the vital power. For quick and x strong." Rev,' I. V. McCarty, ~
sure relief nothing equals Anderson, I nd.
It relieves the pain, quiets the irritation, strengthens the overtaxed and weak digestion
and feeds the worn-out brain and the wasted nerves. Try -a bottle to-day.
Sold by all druggists oa.a £ttaxa&tee» Dx. Miles Medical Co.* Elkbart, Io&.
FOUR PURSES, STEEPLECHASE
Qnl^Z Eb|Z fl Iff ¦¦ B /_Jk I B i& 9— * H H
m\JF\_J\_J ¦ /— "^ ¦ Mm M ¦ H M *>
ALL THE CRACK 3-YEAR-OLDS WILL RUN.
Trains from Third and Townsend-Sts. at 12:45 and. 1:15 P -' %: m - Returning leave track about
M. S. LATHAM, Secretary. " E. J. * POWER, Racing Secretary.
DR. GROSSMAN'S
SPECIFIC MIXTURE
Foi* the Cars of Gonorrhoea. Cleat*.
Strictures and analogous complaint*
of tho Organs of Generation.
Price $1 a bottle. For sale by druggists.THE SAN FEANClSGQj^ALL, SATURDAY. MARCH 16, 1901.
12
SAX FR A* CISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE cf The San Francisco - 1
Call, corner cf Market and Third street! : open
cntil H o'clock every debt In the year. ¦ '
BRANCH OFFICES— CS7 Montgomery «tre«t.
comer Clay: ej>en untn »:S0 p. m.
SPO Ha ye* street: open until 9:30 p. m.
fS3 McAllister street: cpen until 9:30 p. m. |
fir. Larkm ureet; open untlf J:30 p. m.
:'-<! Mission illlUj open until 10 p. m.
ZK1 llsrhf. street. corner Sixteenth: open
euttl 9 r. m
JOC Eleventh etreet: open cntll J p. m. *
J0P6 Valencia street: open until 9 p. m.
Northwest »-orner Twenty-second and Ken-
tvrkr FTrw^s: rfvn iirttl 9 p. m. _
MEETING NOTICES. 7^ C
CKXnr>ENTAL~l -odge No. 25. F. and A. «
M.-TUIS (SATi:ur>AY> EVENING tt JL .
7:30 o'clock. Third degree. Master .531 I
Maseru cordially invited. v
WALTER G. ANDERSON. Secretary-
EXCELSIOR Ividpe No. IKS, F. and A. /• ¦* c
M.— Special meeting THIS (SATITK- _*\_
1>\Y) EVENING. March 16. at 7:30 fa2\
odock. Third .logrr-e. /W
' THEO. E. SMITH. Secretary. j
VISPION I>xlgp No. 1CS. F. and A. M.— M
Called meeting THIS (SATURDAY) _*\_
EVENING at 7:ro o'clock. Third de- KL>\
rref. U. E. ALLAN. Sec. 'T * -
THE officer* and members of King Solo- m
nion'* Lodce No. 2G0. F. and A. M.. -Jpv.
ar< . ....;.:.- vTf.i to attend the fun»ral of TS_J\
cur deceased brother.- WILLIAM l^* r > -
ALEXANDER ROBERTSON, from the Ma-
sonic Temple on FATl'RDAY. March 16th. at
1 ocloek p. m. HARRY BAEHR. Secretary. *
ANSVAI. Meeting— The annual meeting of the
stockholders of the Western Sugar Refining
Crn-pany will be held at the office of the J
c<-mi>ar>y. ST7 Market «.. San Francisco. Cal., .
or MONDAT. the tsth day of March. lSOt. *
at the hour cf U m.. for the purpose of
electing: a board cf directors to serve for J
the er.roinc year and the transaction cf j
such other husinees as may come before the
meetlrc. Transfer books will close en Fri-
day. March 35. 13C1. at 12 m.
W. II. IIANXAM. Secretary. 1
AGEXTS WASTED. j
EXPERIENCED Insurance agents. Call at .
room 1C1. SS7 Market St.. corner Sixth. j I
¦WANTED— Atrents In each city; rood money. .
Pnr'nr Conyt M. £z L. Co.. <69 Mh, OaKland. ]
ATTORXEVS AT LAW. ! j
AlJVICE free; divorce law a specialty: private; i .
no fee without success; collections. G. W. j
HOWE. stty at law. fciO Market, cor. Stocktn.
J. H. UcKXIGHT. collections: damasks; es- J
tatcs; rr.ir.:rfr: open even. 592 Parrott bldg.
FHANK W. fMlTH. mininjt and probate law a j
specialty. Mills big., r. 8. 4th fir.; tel. Reel S61S.
>PVIPE !ree; no chenre unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. S27 Market St.. opp. Mason. :
L .«. CI-ARK. Emma Spreckels bldg.. 927 Mar- .
kft rt.: consultation free: no fees in adiance. j
ASPUALTUU BOOFI5G.
J. PELTIEIl. asphalt roofing, sidewalks re-
paired; postal. USG Misrl .r. ; tel. Folsom 1607.
uoahdixg for childrex.
CHILDREN boardedT^Bood~hoiner lTlsTb" Far^
re!I st.
BLSISESS CHANCES.
A— Ji:00: CORNER barroom on Third St.. close
to Call bids.; an oid-establ. and first-class
laying iiiace; sickness of owner only cause
of sale. Call R. G. WILKE. 26H Kearny et,
A-ffO; PLUMBING shop, established many
years and doing a first class paying business;
rent f22 50; location best: business street.
Western Add. R. G. WILKE. 26'* Kearny su
A— tlWO; CHOPHOU5E and restaurant on •
I.^avis Ft.: kept by present owner 7 years; a •
ftrrt class paying buslaess. Call It. G. j
WILKE. :0'* Kearny 6t.
A— {1«: SALOON, close to Palace Hotel; net
rent 527 Z3; old established: well paying; ele-
pant fixtures; about $30fl stock on nand; a
fcp'ecdld chance. K. G. WILKE. ZC\i Kearny. j
A— litO; ClG^i; stand: rent 5io; daily receipts
J".2: !<K-ated close to I'alace Hotel. Call R. U. •
\\ ILKK, U''~s Kesirny St.
A-I12L?; COKNEIt crocery and bar en Call-
fcrr.'.a Et. ; choicest location in this city; gooi
laying plsoe; clean stock, good fixtures. Call
R. O. WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A— jroo: STATIONERY rtore; I living rooms;
r«Tt j:0; c<x>d business for man and wife. •
Call it O. WILKE. :€H Kearn-y st. " s i" '
A— 5i2Cv: RESTAURANT and chophouse; rent
Kii; place estab. years; daily receipts tSO;
¦ trial tiven; a good business ar.d best loca-
' t'on. Call R, «. WILKE. 26H Kearny Et.
A— $7:0: SAl-OON: clearing J153 per month; lent
J4u: ?^¦tabiitihed many years; only day bust-
ncfs; location ben in this city. Call R. G.
WILTIE. 1-CH Kearny tt.
„— 57.%C : CORNER erocery and bar; northern ,
part of city: death of owner cause of sale; a ,
pood business for man and wife. Call R. G.
WH.KE. 1'CH Kearr.y st.
A-Xi:."-0: SALOON close to Montgomery st. :
j.la<-e estabUfhed 20 j-earf: clearing at least
"TO r^r month: Z furnished rooms Included;
rent 13. Call R. G. WILKE. MH Kearr.y et.
A— tl2- r 0: CAFE and restaurant; elegantly fitted
rlorr ta Powell and Market sts. Call R. G.
WILKE. 1CH Keamy st.
A— tSOO; CORNER butcher shop In northern
part of city: rent J20: horse, cart: eellins 4
<-attl<? and about 15 sheep per week: a cash
ctiirtotn. Call R. G. WILKE. I«H Kearny st.
jrn<v_SALOON: best location; near Kearny et.; j
business Fjjeaks for itself; sell at B&crlfice on
eccount of departure. Apply LUNDIN & •
CO.. S*sf> Market «t.
MSp— nSSTAUBAXTT; pood location; tally re-
ceipts. {^0; rrnt tl> per nionth; t;oo\- fixtures;
? rrximfc in rear. Apply LUNDIN & CO., SOS
Market ft. |
S<»— RESTAURANT: good location; dally re-
cfpits $20: rent 119 per month: good fixtures:
• room* in rear. Apply LUNDIN & CO., S06
Market st.
SHALL restaurant for t-al--. cheap: doing a
C. cC business. McLACGHXJN. 7771^ Market.
$3y — Cornrr saloon: bargain; elcknesji cause of
MCLAUGHLIN & CO.. 777»i Market St.
fli' — PARTNER wanted: Indoor commission
buMnesc McLAUGHLIX & CO.. 777% Market.
ttTil " QTCTtT More and factory; bargain: lea\ r -
ir.g city cause of pale. McLAUGHLIX &
. CO.. 777'^ Market Bt.
iffO-BOARDIXG-HOUSE. 24 rooms and bar:
3rt gr>od boarders; cne of the" best paying
h.oii£«= In the city and the greatest bargain
c\-ex offered for «sale: will cl?ar $150 to $200
per month: must f>ell this week, as the owner
has ether business to attend to In the coun-
try. KusinpFs Hoard of Trade. KC Pine gt.,
n.:.jir>sHe San Francisco Stock Exchange.
CANDT and Icecream parlor In th* best part
of city, doing a fine business: owner com-
jwMc-d to leave city; will sacra »ice for quick
f*K OALIFOHNIA BL'SINESS ASSOCIA-
TION. scr.14 Market tt.
JiTlY goods peddling, country route, wagon and
t«im; big money; owner retiring rich. Cai.
Fius. Af^n.. fK Market «L
AN unprecedented sacrifice; 75-room brick ho-
•¦ ? and furniture: doing Immense first-clasa
¦ 51 a day) irjFlness: cost and worth $50,000;
offered for tli.ZOO; ha* rented lor 1400; now
run by owner.
N. P. EICKELR. the Ltnd Ag»nt. C Geary it.
ICICE little property In town of Alameda Co.,
embracing residence and store building, large
f.ne lot. fruits, flower?, etcj owner a non-
resident : will sell for rOCO. H. H. CRANE,
LCS California tt.
EOTEL, oontry. *0 rx«cms: rent J75: livery at-
tached: pccxl business; price I3iO0; easy terras;
call eariy for thl* bargain.
G. \V. SCHWEINHARD.-
Rocra !. 917 Market et.. opp. Mason.
3" 1 ' CIGAR ftanitf, 200 groeeriea and barB.
2n) candy and Icecream stores, S00 restaurants.
730 stores of all kinds; partners wanted.
I'srtiMi with J100 up can be roUed.
WALTER HAYES & CO.. 83* Market st. -
A— J2OT; PARTNER wanted: light business: tlS
to TZ5 a week e«ch; no experience required;
trial given. J5 Geary et., room 1.
ATTENTION— Restaurant 418 Third % st. to be
*=o'.d at forced «ale. For particulars apply
13. McRAE. 827 Mission rt.
j:& CAPITAL wins J100 p«r week at races. In-
formation LYONS, 921 Market St., room 4.
FOR *a]»— Flrrt-class saloon and liquor store;
transfer corner: good chance for live man;
price T2CC0; positively no agents. Call Sat-
urday end Sunday at room 7M, Winchester
Hotel.
HARE chance to boy a commercial gallery;
owner going away; everything to work with
nrd a business ready made. Bargain." box
24SS. Call office.
RESTAURANT and bar for sale cheap on ao-
coant of accident. C» Bay et.
CHOICE corner saloon; good location; paying
business. Apply saloon, cor. Folsom and 7th.
SPLENDID established newspaper and print-
Ing opening: whole or half Interest for. sale;
S150 down, balance time and work; owner has
too much business. Address box 2494, Call.
\Y ANTED— Party with $1000 to $5000; will pay
liberal salary with . secured Interest In Alas-
kan business. fcCi Call bldg.. S. F. -
FOR sale — Candy 6tore and ' Ice cream parlor;
pood location. Inquire at 1S42 Market et.
A DELICATESSEN stort; bargain; must sell
Immediately account cf alckneea. 885 Sixth Bt.
FDR SALE— Good paying route, on tlu> paper.
Addrcsa Box B. Call Branch, 300 Hayes et.
ncSIXESS CnAXCES— Continued.
EXCELLENT chance to step Into an old es-
tablished paying grocery business; only. flrfct-
claes goods for first-clars customers carried;
price, including stock, ; fixtures, horse and
vtgon. etc., {2000: reason for selling too much
other business. Cor. Alameda ave. and Park
6t.. Alaineda. -^ - : ' ." "¦ '
14000— WOOD and coal yard; established 40
years; In central location: never changed
hands: dears from J3C0 to $400 per month;
6 line wacona and horses; low rent: for rerer-
ence eee all wholesale coal dealers. Address
Owner, box 2698, Call office. . >. '
FOR sale— Oriental booth In art gallery of
Mechanics' Pavilion; 14x40 feet; has cost over
J200; no reasonable offer will be refused by
PROF. HAUSSLER, 1418 Market St.
GOOD opportunity for ycunR man desiring to
Invest in the printing business; well estab-
lished office for' sale. Apply Halleck block,
SCO Sansome St.. room 68.
DELICATESSEN, bakery and dairy produce;
3 furnished rooms; must be sold by April 1.
Apply 2009 Mission n.
GOOD paying, old-established lumber business;
including: sawmill, timber lands, yards, lum-
ber stork, donkey engine, horse teams, etc,
H. & F. L. COOPEK. Nevada City. Cal.
FOIt sale — A steam laundry In the Sacramento
Valley, doing a business from $160 to $150 per
week: no cither laundry within 50 miles. Box
1645. Call office. -¦ -'-.. :
WILL »ell half Interest In a good carpenter
and etore fitting business: well established
and raying. Apply at carpenter shop, 112
Bush St., between 9 and 10 a. in.
OUTSIDE route en this paper for sale. Apply
Call Business offlce.
LARGE cut* Ids rout* (No. 1C) for sale. Apply
at Call Business office.
HOTEL to lease— 21 rooms at Ban Rafael; new.
ly painted; »n first-class order. Owner. 11
Lyon st.
DRUG etore, 14S8 Market 8t.; call between 9
a m. aad 5 p. m.
PLUMBING shop for sale In Palo Alto. Ad-
dress Plumber, box 179. Call office.
| IN city, near Grant ave.; good paying dress-
t making business cheap. Box 264». Call offiei.
I PLANING-MILL in this city for sale. F.
j GKIER. Market and Dolore* sta.
! BAKERY for rent; oven complete; good bust-
[ nefg. 1^2 Shattuck ave.. North Berkeley.
LAR1E inside route on this paper for sale.
Apply business ofSc«". •
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Flllm'ore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements t>nd
rubscriptlons has been established at 1096
Valencia Et.
LODGIXG-IIOUSES FOR SALE.
100 BARGAINS— All sizes, from S to 500 Rooms.
Consisting In Hotels
Rooming Houses
Lodging Houses
Boarding Houses
".Flats and Private Homes
40-room house; rent $60 $1,000
14 rooms on Third 6t 450
10 rooms on Taylor Ft S50
23 roorr.s on Market st *50
33 rooms on Market st l.<00
106 rooms: modern house 10.000
H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market St., Mint 736.
SEE OUR LIST OF 200 HOUSES BEFORE
buying. We have them all sizes and prices :
fO rooms, clO5« in. elevator, -etc $45M
12 rooms, new. clean, clears £50 900
14 rooms, eunny corner, good condition — 1000
F0 rooms, all conveniences, select, central. £000
11 rooms, only 1200 cash, balance pay-
ments 600
Vacant houses furnished
We furnish the money— you pay «s you can.
DONALD INVESTMENT CO.. S50 Market.
SELECT your hnuw from largest list In town.
7 rooms; well furnished: enly $200
9 rooms, fine location 425
! 14 room*: elegant; must sell V*l
T9 r. apsrtm*>nt« absolutely new: cash 1000
I S3 tt 112 and 1S8 r. horses: values excellent
I Puyer* from J100 to $100,000 can be suited.
| w>" lend half min-hase money at lowest rates.
WALTER HATES & CO.. C8 Market *t.
MARION GRIFFIN h»<! * big list. See It....
719 Market St.. nr. Call bldg. : trt. Black 1803..
*0 rooms, respectable, clears $145: rent $120...
nice location: terms % cash: blc mortgage....
11 rooms, new house: new heavy carpets: flne
. cak furniture: Income $160. $600
Hous's of all sizes, kinds a.nd prices.
City hotels. $rJ00 up to $10.000
FISHER & CO. 1032 Mirket st. : telephone 1599.
4« rooms, north of Market: only $16C0
]« rooms. Hyde; very finely furnished... 600
20 rooms; rent SoO; location desirable... S00
If a bargain we have them at any price
north or south of Market St.
LOTXJING-HOUPKS— Sizes and prices to suit
nil buyers: titles guuranteid; money loaned
buyers; before buylne cal'.
G. W. BCHWEIXHARD.
Phone Mint 1911. 917 Market St.. bet. Sth & 6th.
€0 ROOMS, nice corner, well furnished, cheap
rent, half cash, balance *t 1 per cent. $4300;
it room*, good location, JGEO. halt "cash, bal-
ance at I per cent: money to loan at 1%. M.
K. RIVES. SIS Market, r. C9. teL Main 128.
CALL and see our list of bargains in hounee;
we have them in *>ny part of the city 'and at
any price. EUREKA REAL ESTATE. 2S
Sixth st.
O'FARRELL St.. 12 rooms '¦ $300
Btockton Ft., near Union Square. 3 rms. C0(
Leavenworth *t... 27 rooms: nee this.. 2000
DOBLE & TURNER. S Eddy.
I f2S0 — 14-ROOM house. 3 unfurnished: all out-
i Fide sunny rooms; good, substantial furnt-
1 ture: must sell: owner has to leave city. 16
j Montgomery ave., corner Jackson st.
• jsfiO— 26 ROOMS: flne.lcwat'on: well furnished:
all rented: low rent. BASILE. 3 Eddy ist.
jSOO— Bay-w inflow houce.'lS rim.. pood furniture;
always full: ront $44: bargain. 834 Folsom st.
$1600— LODGING-HOUSE for sale. 118%' Ellis.
FOn «ale— 10-room house: nl^elv furnished: al-
wava full. Inouire Bt 7^2 Kill" st.
' SPIRITUALISM.
MMeTaRNDT. the great clairvoyant, tells past
• and future, cures diseases by sympathy; never
fails: has the seven seals, the greatest Egyp-
tian secret of the world: shows picture of fu-
' turf husband or wife: gives lucky numbers;
advice' on all speculation, love and lepal .af-
fairs: any one consulting the madame will be
convinced that she is no sham : prices 25c and
up: come and you will b- surprised: gives
satisfaction every one; op. Sundays. 215% 6th.
: ARRIVED— The celebrated gypsy . Prince Les-
ter, whose free tests, calling your name, the
[ name of th» one you love and the nun* of the
one you will marry, for a short time: the only
medium In the world so sure of his occult
potrer that he will give every person who
comes prepared a wonderful free Jgst. Call or
write, with stamps for pnswers.*13S2 Market
: St.. opposite Odd Fellows' Hall.
• AFTER a severe Illness. Mrs. Dr. Farnham, the
: wcrld-renownwl spiritual medium; advice in
all affairs of life; lawsuits, divorces, deaths:
unites the separated- mining a specialty: cir-
cles Sun.. Wed.. Fri. .eve. ; letters answered.
1 Resid.<no sicns). 513 Eddy. bet. Hyde. Larkin.
THE FOSTERS. Sundry. 3 and 8 p. m.. 3C5
Larkin st, Occidental Hall; lecture tests at
3. 10c: materialization, slate writing, tests,
» music at 8. 25c. ¦:
r A— MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance, business
medium, life reader, irMlcal clairvoyant; sit-
tings. $1. 11C4 O'Farrell, nr. Gough. Ellis car.
MRS. Winchester, trance medium, has returned
> from the East & will be found at 1610 Clay
'. • ft. : circles Sun. even, and Tues. afternoon.
• MRS. ELSfE REYNOLDS' last materializing
Seance Sat. and Sun. eves. 1916 Market, 50c.
' GO to Mansey. gypsy medium: rdentlflc palm-
• letry taught; certificate' guarntd. 1079 Market.
MRS. LOUISE S. DREW. Psychic, Electric
and Magnetic Healer. Room 14. 305 Larkin st.
FRIENDSHIP Hall. 335 McAllister— Mrs. C. J.
. Meyer; sittings dally: tests x to all to-nlsht;10c.
CLAia\'OYA>TS.
I MM 12. SANDERS removed from the Vendome,
- 1104 Market St., to 1130 Market. A Ft or House.
' Tells you what to do for a living, whom to
marry, unites the separated, discovers mines,
t names the winning horses, finds lost- prop-
f erty. reveals your enemies, tells the past.
foretells the future. . gives lucky numbers.
legal advice, teaches mind vibration,: brings
you Into ment&l communication with friends
at a distance, reads your hands, head and
" Innermost thoughts, dispels the blurs, drives
: away melancholy and gladdens every heart.
' Call to-day If possible. Ten questions an-
~ swered by mail for $1. Astor House, 1130
Market Bt., rooms 1, 2 and 3.
'. MRS. DR. P. CLARK, the well-known trance
,* medium, ia permanently located at 1206 Mar-
™ ket et. t corner Golden Gate ave.," rooms 25
. and 26; take elevator. Perfect satisfaction
guaranteed by mail; send : stamp for;pam-
' ' phlet with special terms. Dally and Sunday.
JIME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
~ reader, born with double veil — second ¦ sight;
B diagnoses disease with life reading; ladies 60c,
i; frentsfl; palm, and clair. sit. 51 60. 128 Turk,
•" MME. LAROSE. best clairvoyant, card reader,
'• test medium: ?5c up. <72 Stevenson. ; cor. 6th.
MME. ZEREDA, the gypsy, Is the great palm-
ist and card reader, 25c. 7 Seventh st. • ¦
- MRS. MELVILL. well-known clairvoyant, water
reader. 11 6th; German spoken; telHowardlS46.
; MME. - SCHAFFER. clairvoyant. • card reader,
sittings dally. 4ISH Jessie St.. bet. 5th & 6th.
1 MME; AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
palmistry: truth or no-pay: 25c. - 1143 .Mission.
MME. RAVENNA, reads life fluently;. business
advice; names given; 23c up. 6 Fourth nt-'
CLAmVOYAXTi^Contlnned.V
MME. M. BERNARD^" '¦-¦- ' ¦'¦-. ""¦ ~ ~~* M
THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, permanent*
Jy. located 17 Third St.. next Examiner bid*.
She reads your life correctly. - gives an accur- —
ate description of the past, reveals the present . vt
happenings and portrays events to occur In the I
future. If you are In trouble, discontented, un-
happy or not satisfied In life, or have domes-
tic, love or ' business . troubles, consult ¦; this .__
great medium and you will be told how to g ,
overcome them. Valuable advice in all affairs
of life; 25o up; perfect satisfaction guaranteed.;
ISM AR. the Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant and
palmist, permanent!** located 1HS Market, op. ¦¦_
fth: rrlvpte rendlnc* dally. 10 a. m. to S p.m.: p
CARPET BEATING ASD CLEA.MSG.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor worn -
eend to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-Beat- A
' ing Works. 303-357 Tehama St. : tel. South :¦ 40.
CITY Steam Carpet-Beating ¦• Works. G. H. -
STEVENS, msr.. 38-40 8th St.; tel. South 250. Y
CARPETS cleaned at 8c' per yard, laid at 5c.
STRATTON'S. 3 Eighth St.: tel. Jessie S44. _
J. K. MITCHELL.. Ovpet-Deatlng and Reno-
vating Co.. 240 Fourteenth st. ; tel. Mission "<¦
ADVANCE Carpet-Cleaning Co.. 40! Sutter St.; g
tel. Maln-394. GKO.WAL.COM. Proprietor.
COXKLIX'S Carpet-Beating Works, 333 Golden -_
Gate ave. : telephone East 126. * . -y
CHIROPODISTS.
CORXS. bunions, ingrown nails, warts, chil- c
¦ blalns: painless cure. Dr.' Duncan. 415 Sutter.
== A
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency— No charge un- =
less successful. Room 310." 827 Market st.
COTTAGES TO L . ET^.;. y^^ *
TWENTY-FIFTH. 3833— Cottage 3 rooms, large
yard; rent $3. . . . - ¦
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
OPENING day spring millinery of McDowell J
School, Friday, March 22. 1010 Market st.
ACCORDEON pleating; country orders prompt j
attention. 121 Post, over O'Connor & Moffatt.
DEXTISTS. s
A^'Th^ErE^T^-'DENTAL^LfNICrioTMar^ j
ket at., cor, 4th, rm. 7. Flood bldg., you can j
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth _
without plates our specialty; gold crowns, 3.
$3 50 up; plates, extractions free. $4 50 up; of-
fice hours, 9 a. m. to 10 p. m. ; Sundays.9 to 2 -
p. m. J. W. THATCHER, M. D.. Manager. £
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, bridges .
and fillings: extractions or fillings by my
. wonderful secret, painless method; 20 years'
experience; no students; advice free; prices "
cheapest and guaranteed;/ lady attendants. \
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell st.
A— NEW unbreakable plate, the Rose Pearl, '
warranted for 20 years; crowns, $3 50; fillings. T
&6c; plates. $S. full set; all work painless and
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth.
DR. LUDLUM IHLL. 1443 Market, nr. Eleventh
—No charge for extracting when plates ar#
made; old plates made over like new; teeth
from $S per set; extracting. COc; gas given.
THE New York Dentists have moved to 969
Mission' st., cor. Sixth. Consult us on crowns
and 'bridges; difficult plate work solicited;
positive painless extraction, 50c.
PARIS Dental Parlor. 235 Kearny, cor. Bush-
Full set of teeth, $4; crowns, $3; fillings, 23c.
DR.R.L. WALSH. 813% Geary. nrJ^arkln— Paln-
less extraction 50c;plates $3up;phonePolk 1133.
DR."H. G. TRUEMAN. dentist, third floor, Ei-
amlner building; formerly In Murphy bldg.
VAN VROOM— "Painless"; evenings and Sun-
days. 1001 Market St., corner Sixth.
SET of teeth without plates. DR. H. G.
YOUNG. 1341 Polk st.
EDUCATIONAL.
AYRES" Business College. 723 Market st.— Day
and evening; $S per month; $50 life scholarship
guarantees a complete business education. In-
cluding the commercial and shorthand course:
telegraphy, penmanship, etc. ; positions se-
cured for graduates; catalogue. -
WANTED— An office boy to work 2 hours dally
In exchange tuition. Ayres' Business College.
GALLAGHER-MARSH College, Parrott bldg.—
Shorthand, typing and bookkeeping; Robert F.
Gallagher, expert court reporter, teacher of
shorthand: reportorlal phrasing taught: prac-
tical bookkeeping, full course. $50; catalogue.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 Post St..
R. F.— Bookkeeping, shorthand, typing,' lan-
guages. teleeraDhy. English branches, civil,
electrical and mining engineering, etc. ; day
and night sessions; new SO-page catatcgue free
A— THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school for the university, law and medical
colleges: references. President Jordan or any
¦ Stanford professor. Phelan building. -
CALIFORNIA BUSINESS COLLEGE has posl-
tlons guaranteed to It by written contract and
can therefore with confidence guarantee posi-
tions to all its graduates. .303 Larkin st.
ENGINEERING— Civil, elec.mlnlng.mech., sur-
vey, assay, cyanide; day, eve.; est. 1564. Van
der Nalllen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
A FULL course In Ellis bookkeenins and the
Gregg shorthand costs pnly $60. San . Fran-
cisco Business College, 123G Market st. ¦
A SPECIALTY— Perfecting beginners; business
colltgc graduates: bookkeeping: figures; short
time. TARR. exp. acct.. 220 Parrott bldg.
MEHRILL-MILLER College, shorthand and
iypirtg. removed to new quarters, rms. 40-43,
Parrott bldg.: Individ. Instruction: catalogue.
FKKKCH.Ppanlsh.etcProf.DeFlllppe's Academy
of Languages, 320Fost;estab'd 1871:ablest profs.
PROF. MERKI. from Paris: violin, mandolin,
guitar: experienced. 1003 Mission st.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc. ; Cay or eve. ; $5 mo. 1 1024 Mission, nr. Sth.
COACHING In high school mathematics a spe-
cialty: simple methods: successful. 3040 ICth.
ILLUSTRATION*— PARTIXGTON'S DAY and
ILLUSTRATION— njgiit class. 424 P>ne st.
~~ EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
JAPANESE Employment Office and Houee-
cleaning Co., •• best help: send men at short
notice. 1125 Sutter. nr. Polk; tel. Larkin 2391.
A— UNION Japanese-Chinese Emp. Office— Best
.help fum. ; domestic servants: work executed
with care, dispatch. 417 Powell: tel. Bush 376.
JAPANESE and Chinese help of all k'nds;
cooks, waiters and house servants. GEO.
AOKI & CO.. 421 Post St.: tel. Bush 135. .¦'.:..-
ABC EMPLOYMENT Office; Chinese, Japan-
ese help fur. 644 California; phone James 2601.
JAPANESE, central house-cleaning & employ-
ment; all kinds help. 1046 Sutter: tel. East 203.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese employment of-
fice; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 518S.
ORPHEUM Employment Of fice— Japanese, Chi-
nese help JL 426_Pow^lU^r^SutterjteUBlack£0J2.
JAPANESE and Chinese employment office —
Best help. 526 O'Farrell st.; tel. Hyde 2191.
CHINESE and Japanese office—
Best help. 411"4 O'Farrell St.: tel. East 426.
KMPLOYMGM WASTED— FEMALE.
YOUNG lady from the East wishes a position.
as housekeeper or dressmaker in a refined
family. 1178 East Fifteenth St., Oakland.
SITUATION wanted t by a flrst-claes parlor
maid and waitress or upstairs work; Amer-
ican family. Box 2186, Call office.
A YOUNG woman, steady and reliable, wishes
light housework: references. Please call 415A
Fifth st, near Harrison. *
GERMAN woman would like plain sewing to
do at home. 052 Mission St., ' second floor.
RESPECTABLE woman would, like a position
as managing housekeeper of rooming house or
private family. Call at 531 O'Farrell st.
2 SCANDINAVIAN girls. lately from the East,
would like situations to do second work; also
laundry work. 1336 San: Bruno ave. :•-.-
A RELIABLE French seamstress would like
a few more: engagements by the day; terms
$1 £0 a day. Address Box 2652. Call office.
LADY waitress wants ' lunch *, or dinner work.
Call or address 1C3 Eighth' Bt." .^SB^^SBBS
SITUATION wanted by. a Swedish girl- to do
general housework: best of references. Ap-
ply at 1C3S Minna St., between 11th and ,12th,'
pastor's residence of Swedish M. E. ; Church.
DRESSMAKER, Just arrived from New. York,
wishes engagements in families ' by : the day;
$1 CO. Apply to Dressmaker." 668 Mission st.
COMPETENT Japanese ; girl -wants a position
to do general housework In family. Box 2499
•. Call office.- . ¦¦¦ . •¦-¦:•¦ :¦ ¦-'¦> '-.-'•-;'•>,
WINCHESTER House, 44. Third St.. near Mar-
- ket— 200 rooms: , 25c to $1 60 per night; $1 50 to $6
week ; ; convenient and : respectable ; ;¦' free \ ' bus
and -baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED I advertisements and subscriptions
¦ received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore st. I
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements, and
subscriptions has been . at ¦ 1094
Valencia ft. : ~ ¦ - ¦* ? '.
EMPLOVMEJiT WANTED— HALE.
COACHMAN or general man with private fain-
tly; English; thoroughly, understands horses;
also care of cows, poultry and garden; coun-
try place preferred. ., Box 2487. Call ¦• office.';.'.':
BAKER, bread and : cake foreman ' wants ; work
at bakery or restaurant. Address Baker, 124
. Eureka st., near Eighteenth.
COACHMAN J wishes situation; first-class city
.-references." Box 2190, Call . of flee. » •' : /
ANYBODY wanting a good i family cook please
call at CHONG WING CO., 902 Clay,' rm. ; 3.
_ EMPLOYMENT.. WANTED-^- MALE. '^.
MAN.- 31 years old, desires position as assistant
: bartender; * willing « to . help .-. around ¦ etoro;
: served 5 years in '•' grocery business also.
SHERIDAN. »box 261*: .Call Office. . ,
WANTED-Employment by elderly respectable
V active • man; ; knows : city well: city • reference
. of probity and trustworthiness from past em-
ployers for 7. years; nominal salary. Addresa
• box ; 2401.1 Call office. : - '•-'¦^- 'y
STATIONERY, engineer and machinist, strictly
sober, and Industrious,' capable of ; making all
: repairs, 20 years'.- experience," wants steady
position; city or country. Address box
, 2C98.; Call office.;- :
SINGLE,- active, middle-aged registered 7 phy-
sician offers : services, particularly . to steam-
ehlp company needing surgeon and, to cor-
porations. Graduate, box 2700. Call ; office.
A CLOTHING -man 'with 15 years' experience
• desires a location; ¦ no objection to leaving
city..- Address box 2438. Call.,
YOUNG Swedish man" wishes work- about
place; ; understands care of ; horse?, cows/
chickens and generally handy. Box 2493,' Call.
TOUNG man would like position running en-
gine or 'firing: handy around machinery. : J.
C. S.. -¦ 7 Fourth - Bt. ; -¦¦.'¦ ¦; "<¦'¦¦¦- '."¦¦- -..' ' ¦
SITUATION : wanted - by a : German to drlvs
a delivery wa -Ton -or as a salesman: has ex-
. perience for the last a years. Hox 2402. Call.'
WANTED— A 1 position as bookkeeper or corre-
sponding clerk;. "years of experience. 106
Eleventh St.. -box 19. .
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call braiyh office. 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions •. haa been established at 1096
Valencia. st. -v '. '
- FEATHER PILLOWS. '
HOTELS and | private parties wishing to have
their ! feather pillows cleaned and renovated
by th« latest . sanitary process may address
TFATTTF.n FACTORY. ?U Stevenson st.
' FLATS TO LET. ~
A NICE sunny upper flat S rooms and bath.
.637 Dolores St., near. Nineteenth; $14.
FELL, 291. near Gough— Cottage of 3 rooms,
nice yard and basement; rent $12.
SACRAMENTO. 1S55— Flat of three rooms; »ep-
,_ arate entrance; rent $12 50.
$12— NEW sunny. 4-room flat; water free; eel-.
lar. 24 Sumner St.. off Howard, near 8th.
3-ROOM flat, corner McAllister and Polk sts.
Inquire at butcher shop. ,
$22 DO— MODERN 6-room flat. 413S Seventeenth
St., bet. Eureka and Diamond.
FLATS TO LET — FUKNISH3D.
THREE, to five handsomely and completely
• furnished : rooms for housekeeping: all mod-
ern conveniences; pleasant surroundings;
very desirable. 129 Liberty st.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
4 ROOMS furnished in oak $48 50, with No. 7
range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.-
FURXITURE WASTED.
Auctioneer— L. Vlncent.1305 Larkln; tel.Polk 694;
. furniture A.funTd houses bought; spot cash.
IF you want to sell furn., mdse., etc., see J. A.
. - Munro & Co.. 240 Stockton st.: tel. James 1541.
BEFORE disposing of your furniture lel.Folsom
2245 New Enterprise Furn. store. 1U4 Mission.
TO receive highest vjilue for furniture, carpets,
etc. . see W.E. Cody. 757 Mission ; y tel. Red 3353.
CHAS. LEVY buys your furniture, carpets.
pianos, etc. 1135 Market St.; tel. Jessie 761.
A. . WOLLPERT, 773. Mission St.. pays highest
price for pecond-hand furniture; tel. Red 1354.
HELP "WANTED — FEMALE.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S.... Phone Grant 1S3
.......... HOTEL DEPARTMENT
2 waitresses..... Springs, $20. start to-day
2 waitresses... Los Angeles, $25, free fare
2 waitresses Commercial hotel, $22 50
Waitress ..South. $22 50. fare paid
10 waitresses..- City and country, $20, $25
3 chambermaids to wait (20
Plain ironers ..• City. $1 50 a day
FAMILY DEPARTMENT
Cooks, houstglrls. second girls, city and
country. C. It. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary.
MRS. M. E. DAY & CO. ..".....Phone Main 1573
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
3 waitresses, first-class summer resort, $20;
6 waitresses, first-class city hotel, $20; 12
waitresses, country. $20; 3 chambermaids to
wait, $20; chambermaid, $18.
FAMILY DEPARTMENT
•25 houseglrls, city and country, $15. $20, $25;
French nurseglrl, $25; second girl, $20. MRS.
M. E. DAY & CO., 333 Geary Bt.
EXPERT, hairdresser immediately, under-
standing manicuring-,.. dyeing, bleaching, scalp
. treatment" and ! manage; big salary ¦ to right
party; no other than first class need apply.
574 Geary st.
WANTED — Confidential -clerk or . secretary ; a
young lady of ability and Integrity t that can
use typewriter and be generally useful In
business office. Address box 24S3, Call office.'
HAIRDRESSING TAUGHT in 4 weeks: terms
easy: most thorough instruction; positions
assured ; no fake promises. Halrdressinjr
: College, 574 Geary at.
A NEAT girl to do light housework; no cook-
Ing nor washing. Apply between 10 a. m. ami
12 m., 2£05 Stelner st. • - . •
WANTED— A nurseeirl to take care of one
child; must sleep home; wages $8. Call in tha
morning. 816 Sutter et.. room iZ.
STRONG girl, German preferred, for cooking
and housework; 4 in family; $25. 2153 Santa
Clara ave,, near Willow, st., Alameda.
OPERATOR on custom pants for Los Angeles;
steady work. Apply 357 Grove et., S. F. >
WANTED— Woman to assist In housework;
sleep home; 5 In family; U-. 1820 > Mason st.
NEAT girl for general housework. Call after
10 a. ni., 2425 Buchanan St.; lower flat.
YOUNG girl to assist In dining-room; wages $12
to $15. Potrero Hotel. Potrero.
WANTED — A young nursejtlrl; short distance
| In the country- Call at 2010 Devisadero st.
EXPERIENCED operators on silk waists;
good pay. S. F. Mfg.. Co., 409A Turk st.
WANTED— Tatloress at ROOS BROS.
GOOD NIGHT waiter for restaurant Apply
after 8 a..m.. 1510 Market Et. ' ¦ ¦ -.;•¦ ¦ •
WANTED — A good barber; three chairs. 797
Mission st. " ¦• ' ....'.¦
WANTED— Girl to assist In light housework;
• small family; $12. 1310 Vallejo st. .-.»
GIRL, for general housework in : small family.
1040 Ellis st. •¦,¦¦¦¦¦¦
WANTED— First-class dining-room girl. Cap-
ital Restaurant, 206 McAllister st. . '
"WANTED — Girl . for general ' housework • and
plain cooking. » Call bet. 1 and 3, 1218 Filbert
Bt., near Hyde.
WANTED— Danish , lady to take room for one
hour's housework dally. Call Sunday at 1127
Nebraska St., between Kd and 23d. , .••: .'
LADIES' help on custom vests' and buttonhole
maker. Apply flat 4. 243 Fifth at ~-\\ , ¦;_
CtIRL with some knowledge of cutting ladles' or
children's wear. 220 Sutter St., room 25. • - ;
A young woman, light housekeeping; $10 month;
V small place; home advantages. Box 2G93. Call.
GOOD alteration hands at E. MESS ACER'S
.Cloak Store. 145 Post st.'. ••-- ;--:-- ;
FIRST-CLASS sewers on skirts, waists, etc., to
take work home. • II. FRrEDLANDER. 33S
' Fell, st. . :-_-.",-.¦¦¦
GIRLS wanted; bookbindefy. 636*Clay T st.
BUTTON-HOLE MAKER, finisher, apprentice;
. paid while learning. 509 Kearny St., room 2. -
YOUNG girl; for general housework; new low-
er; flat. Bush, • near; Webster Bt. .
EXPERIENCED ODerators on pants wanted
by S. N. WOOD & CO.' Apply at factory, -27
¦ Geary . st. ¦-¦.- ,¦ ¦;-. .-•¦..¦.- ¦' -.-¦¦.¦ -.-. ¦
PANTS . finishers wanted ¦ by 8. N. WOOD &
;CO. Apply at factory. 27 Geary Bt. ».
OPERATORS on ladles' ¦ underwear to : work
. >, in factory. 723 Market St., room 35. _
APPRENTICES to learn tailoring. 641. Mar-
; ket;st.
FIRST-CLASS finishers on . coats. BELASCO
&' HARRIS CO.; 641 'Market st. .... : ¦':•¦
FIRST-CLASS -operators on 'pants; stead
• work; good' pay. ' \ 641 ' Market ' gt. /
A . BRANCH office for. Call advertisements and
; . subscriptions :¦ bas - been- established - at -. 1030
Valencia tit.' - ¦-: '.,'.' '¦ ¦¦' ¦'¦..•"¦'¦¦. --.:•¦ ¦'-
;:r HELP WASTED— MALE;
men or" women/;/! -.\\".V.V::7.;.':..;-.''.:'. ; .'A j .'.v.'.
ltrx.~.V.".T......Paid Big Commissions. ..t..;...r....
UTICA CLEANSING COMPOUND COM*
PANY/ 21 Spear st. v • .- ;¦—¦.*_'¦ . ; r :
WANTED— Laborers ¦ and ; mechanics ' tokknow
that s Ed ! Rolkln, i Reno • House ¦• proprletof . still
•-". runs Denver : House, a 217 Third . St. ; '-- 150 : large
-•' rooms; 25c per: night: ¦ II'. to $2 ; per ..week. ... *-
IURI3ERS all Invited to call and see the latest
••' Improved - revolving chair, called the M'Auto-
back" ; s it's i a i corker. V STOLTZ'S : new f head-
quarters. 723 ; Market St.. first floor. up.'.,;> .- £'
ALL sizes men's I shoes.1 slightly j damaged,', half
¦:. price. ; 662 Mission st.,*; bet. 1 1st and 2d bU.' ,¦ ,.%
BLACKSMITHS for s whaling ¦ cruise : \ also car-
gpenters.; at 'HERMAN'S.' 26 Steuart st-V "
COAT,* pants and I vest maker, for 'country*'^ Ap«
: ; ply } REISS;BROS;.-i 24 Sutter : »t.v- ! .->~- ¦¦ ¦'
HELP; WAXTED— MALE— Con.
AT C.R. HANSEN & CO. ...... ...104 Geary rt.
..........;....,RAILHOAD WORK ..:..........•
30 drillers ' and tunnelmen . for big "• tunnel,
Chatsworth Park .......:......... $2 to $2 50
; 20 laborers. R.;R. work......v....$l 75 a day
• Free Fare '. . .Ship Daily.... .....Free Fare
.. Engineer and electrician,- country ; hotel, • $30
. and found; ranch , blacksmith, $45 and board ;
blacksmith, 'country,. $40 and board; 10 farm-
ers, $26 and 'board. ¦'- iiniin«MMan*««3W
........... HOTEL i DEPARTMENT
-Baker and pastry i cook, \ hotel, ¦ $60; second
cook, $60; second , cook, country, hotel, $45;' 6
waiters, country restaurant, . south, $11 a
¦-. week,' fare paid; 3 waiters, country hotels, $30
¦and' $25; sllverman. country - hotel,: $23 Anight
-clerk.: country, hotel. $25; ranch cook, $20. ,¦¦¦ '
Washer and starcheri country laundry, $43
and found, fare "paid:, head' laundryman, $35;
washer, $30; hangerup. $25. for hand laundry.
country.- fare ; advanced. C. R. HANSEN &
¦ CO.. 104 Geary st.
AN engineer and electrician for a hotel plant,
country; must be experienced In using oil for
fuel; see party here. C. R. HANSEN & CO.,
104 Geary st. - • - -"- -. -
AHEAD laundryman, $35; washer, $30; hanger
¦ up, $25; for hand laundry, country hotel; fares
advanced. C.R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary.
A— MURRAY & READV..:PHOSE,MAIN B84S
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
White male help of all 'kinds furnished.
FREE <_F CHARGE TO
Every Employer of Help.
No syndicate too. large, no firm too small for
us to supply. No objection Ho distance. We,
¦ ship good help to ail parts of the world.
Employers of help: Phone, telegraph, write
or call In person and procure your help from
MURRAY & READY.
We gave employment
. In 1897 to upward of 17.000 men.
In 1898 to upward of 19,000 men.
In 1S99 to upward of 21,000 men.
In 1900 to upward of .35.000 men.
HELP "WANTING WORK-Hundred»
Of places awaiting your selection.
COMK READ our BULLETIN BOARDS.
¦ MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay St.
A— wanted ••—•::;
Cook, wash his own dishes, country... $40
.•2 plow hands for large vineyard $28
a orchard hands, Santa Clara... ...» 26
Plow hand, near city........... $*«
Milker. Sonoma, $30; milker. Napa County.
$30; milker, Sisklyou County, $30 and fare
paid; 4 single-hand miners. $2 a day: 6 farm-
era, steady places, $20 and $25; farmer and
milk, near city, $25; planing mill man, coun-
try, $3 a day. W. D. EWER & CO.. 610 Clay.
COOK, restaurant, city .'$50: dishwasher, - $23;
handyman about place, $20 to $25; farmers
and vineyard men, $24 to $26 per month; gang
of men for mill and woods; 10 men to make
redwood ties; woodchoppers. redwood, 75c:
pine, $125: oak, $1 50 per cord; pickets, $6
thousand; posts, $3 hundred: 3 calkers for pipe
line, $3 per day. CAL. EMP. AGENCY. 69
- Third St.; pHone^Red 31. , - v
A— HOTEL GAZETTE, 26 Montgomery, rm. 12.
Colored waiter. $35; bellboys. $10; waiters. $30.
FIRST-CLASS porter (young man) for city
hotel." MRS. M. E. DAY & CO.. 335 Geary.
JOURNEYMEN Barbers' International Union-
Free employment} only recognized union. 115
Turk; tel. Folaom 1583. I. LESS. Secretary.
WANTED— Trustworthy man partner to at-
tend cash counter; large restaurant; clears
$300 per month; own*r cook and prefers part-
ner to hired help: $450 required. See LUN-
DIN & CO.. 906 Market st. ¦ '
BOYS' clothing salesman wanted; apply before
8:30 a. m. S. N. WOOD.& CO.. 718 Market St.
WANTED— Salesman; furnishing goods depart-
ment. S. N. WOOD & CO.. 718 Market st.
BUSHELMAN wanted. Apply S. N. WOOD &
CO.. 718 Market st.
BOYS' and children's furnishing goods and hat
salesman wanted; apply before 8:30 a. m. S.
N. WOOD & CO.. -li Market st. ._
GOOD size cash boys wanted. S. N. WOOD &
CO., 718 Market at. .
MAN, upright character, to manage business;
. established house; $18 per week and expenses ,
. payable weekly from headquarters; expense
money tdvanced; permanent; reference.
Standard House, 314 Caxton r bldg.. Chicago.
WANTED — Handy man, $3 a month, board and
lodging. 30 Hannah St., Watts Tract, Oak-
. land.
WANTED— Steady man; light Indoor work; will
pay $75 per month to start; steady place; must
_have $200. READ & CO.. 1007ft Market st.
BARBER for Saturday' night and Sunday. 1357
Dupont st. - ¦»
BARBER wanted' for Saturday and Sunday;
good wages. 132 Pacific st. \
BARBER wanted for Saturday and Sunday.
217 Fourth st. '
BARBER for Saturday and Sunday. 1648 Mis-
. slon st. - ; - .
GOOD barber from 10 a. m. to 10 p. m.; good
wages. 623 Clay st. / " ¦ .. •- ¦
WANTED— A bushelmo.n at RAPHAEL'S.
WANTED— Flrst-claaa cabinetmakers. HOME
MFG. CO.. E>66 Brannan St., city.
WANTED— An erraml - boy. Apply HINK,
JAENICKE & CO., 29 Second st.
WANTED— Lnsters on men's and boys' shoes.
WENTWORTH-SWITZER. 26 Main St.
SECOND cook wanted at C60 Howard st.
WANTED— Old man to make beds In boarding-
house. 322 Main st.
NIGHT cook for restaurant: must understand
. to cp.en and cook oysters. 1550 Market st.
WANTED— 2 waiters at Golden West Hotel;
$30 a month. 36 Ellis st. ¦ .
WANTED— Wagon blacksmith. 637 Brannan
street. ¦
WANTED— 100 men to take 'rooms, 10c. 15c and
20c. Boston House, 330 Howard St. '
MEN— Our catalogue explains how we teach the
trade In two months, saving two years;
mailed free. We have no 5c shop in connec-
tion with our collese; chairs and furniture
are all made to our own order, with a view
to cleanliness and convenience.
MOLER'S BARBER COLLEGE. 635 Clay st
Beware of any cheap Imitations. ¦ % -
WANTED — Experienced ladles' tailor: perma-
nent employment; good pay. M. J. KELLER
CO., Oakland. -
WANTED— Domestic salesman: state experi-
ence, are and salary expected. Apply box
2497. Call office. <. ' " ; ,
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 25o
to 50c. 562 Mission St., bet. 1st and 2d sts.
BRIGHT men of m good address: money ad-
vanced to right party. Cail between S and
9 a.,m. at 302 Post st.
McDONALD & PERRY have 600 pairs second-
hand shoes for sale: 50c up: drummers' sam-
ples and slightly damaged shoes. . 241 Third.
MEN to learn barber trade; catalogue mailed
free. S. F. Barber College. 741A Howard st.;
no barroom chairs used In this college.
SAILORS, blacksmiths, seamen & green hands;
all parts, of world. HERMAN'S, 26 Steuart.
PENSIONS-J. H. Shepard & Co. . old reliable
; i firm. •¦' 806 ' Market, room ¦ 40, ; Phelan building.
.WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
¦¦=: ket — 700 rooms, 25c night: reading-rooms; free
:• 'bus and baggage to and from ferry. .
, HORSES AND .WAGOXS.
40 HORSES « for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market,
327 Sixth st.; auction «ales every Wednesday.
- SULLIVAN &. DOYLE, Auctioneers.
«- YEAR-OLD - well broken " horse, suitable for
grocery or express business; .weight 1200. M.
I. INTERS & CO., Geary and Devisadero.
8. F. VETERINARY College will commence its
3d session June 10. Catalogue by applying to
' M, L. Pancoast. : «>ee.'. 510 Golden Gate av«. :
ONE blllygoat' kid, pure .white In color: also
mother If desired.' Address JACOB BURCK-
HARDT, Melrose , Postofflce, Alameda Co.
A — ICO SETS second-hnnd liarneps: wagons.
.carts, buggies,; surreys.; horses. 1140 Folsom.
COAL wagon for sale; double and single. NE.
. cor^ 26th and \ Mission " sts., v snrocer y store. »
THREE.' fast road chorees; - also some good
; business horses, at, 721 Howard st. -' .
ANA No. 1 1 express n-agon. single, also light
campinjr wapton. for sale cheap. ¦ 532 -Mission.
HORSES WANTED.
WANTED-^A few broken down ' work horses:
" state conditions. Box 24?5, Call of flee.
HOCSESJTO L.ET.
A— PRINTED LIST Houses to , let : send f *r clr-
. cular/ Q: H. UMBSEN & CO.; 14 Montgomery.
MISSION.*, *251— House? of 8 rooms and bath ;
¦ basement and large. yard; -rent $20.'.
NICELY furnished • house, :,. 9 rooms ' and ' bath ;
:. will , rent - furnished ' or unfurnished ; - reason-
" able.' 1625 ..Post st. : : ¦. ,.•¦>• . •« ¦
•j."; HOUSES ; .'i'U; MCT— KUU.M5HKU.
ROSS ': Valley— Furnished ' house. ¦ ten . rooms and
bath.' JOHN; MARSHALL, Ross Valley. -
- — ~H~oiJSES FOR SALE. H
A ;: HANDSOME : residence,' of - 9- rooms,- bath,
j basement, ¦ stable.' chicken houpes,* 1 . tank house.'
,well, ?; mill.*., fine . garden; sunny ¦ corner; •. ele-
.¦• vated;^ fine; view, of city;, furnished or unfur-
-inlshed;; 176x150.' .
¦; Cottage of. 4 rooms, \ bath, 1 " basement, chicken
houses. % with 4 separate '¦ yards. - well. . mill ,' and
tank ;: also i Spring i- Valley;- water. ; garden, etc. :
100x110; : owner leaving, clty.~3Sgfaaat"f*9mBttt*^i
, Applyj at 198 .¦ Lnldley .; St., ; corner Falrmount,
for a; week;; San- Mateo' cars. ¦/ " '¦,>.
'•'¦'•¦ LOST « ASP FOUND.
THURSDAY eveuinc— A fox terrier dog pup. S
-months old; pure white; return to «4 Jersey
Bt. and receive reward. J. E. LANGLEY.
TiieT-Vear Dunn's, one diamond ring, bought
o' Shreve. The finder will be liberally re-
wardrf if returned to 8X4 Scott st. : ¦ -
t/v;t— A passbook with the Hlbernia Savings
pnrf Loan Society of San Francisco. In th«
of MKS JENNIE CRESWELL. No.
194-643. The finder will plea»e return to bank.
FOUND— Fox terrier. Apply "1079 Market St..
evening. ; - " • • -
Wanted-Old (rold for manufacturing. 0. Nolte.
iftwelen 8tS O'Farrell. bet. Powell and Mason.
OLD eold «llver, diamonds and precious stones
bought. ' J. n. JENKEL. S17 Market St.
matrimoXIAL. '
GENTLEMEN wlshln^To niairy wealthy lad l«i
gend 10c for list. MRS. HERTZ. .06 Kills at.
B1ATTKESSES AM) UPHjH.STKRyT
MA^TRESSEr^ndTu^lsteryi.teL South 752;
to order or renovated, feather and hali
8'eamed- expert carpet cleaning: strictly re-
flabl?. HOPKE BROS.. 31S1320 Eleventh it.
MEDICAL.
A— RENOWNED specialist: those who desire to
obtain Yesults promptly; ladles only: my reg-
ulator has no equal: all classes of female
complaints relieved by. treatment superior to
•II others: the only treatment that helps th«
unfortunate: the most obstinate cases are
Immediately relieved without pam; no other
treatment will do this; the most difficult
cases treated: scientific methods guaranteed.
DR. O. W. O'DOKKELL. 101S Mrkt. opp. 6th.
DR. and MRS. DAVIES, IKS Market, the well-
known ladles' specialists; 32 years practice,
perfectly reliable: a positive cure guaranteed
at office; patients treated can return same
day: those wishing to treat theinselres should
•end for the HINDOO HERB HOMETREAT-
¦ MENT;a sure cure ; gives Instant relief: harm-
leas; any one can use t|; stamp for circular./
DR. POPPER— Newly Improved genuine regu-
lator can only be had at my office; for sJl
female complaints; beware of Imitations: can
be sent; 37 years' experience. 823 Kcarny st.
MRS. DR. WYETH. reliable specialist; 25 yrs.'
. successful practice; guaranteed treatment at
office: ari*y ailment: home for patients; con-
Bult free. 943 Post st. bet. Hyde and Larkln.
MRS. GOODWIN. 1035 Market— Private home
for patients before and during confinement;
well known: Implicit confidence; reliable.
DR. KOHL, ladles* specialist, removed from
837 Market »t to 942 Post st.
MRS. D. ALLEN— Removed to 111S Market St..
bet. Taylor and Mason: ladles' specialist.
MIXES AND MIXING.
MINES bought and eold: also stocks In mines
and oil companies. ¦ Prof. John Tllton. rms.
475-476. 4th floor. Parrott bldg: 10-12; 1-3/
MISCELLANEOUS FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH k WOLPMAN, 195-197 Fremont St.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, counters,
linoleum, new and second hand: we always
have a large stock of saloon outfits on hand;
.12 complete outfits on one. floor, ready made;
we can ship everything In 24 hours. J.
NOONAN, 1017. 1019. 1021. 1023 'Mission »t..
above Sixth; write for catalogue.
A— BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipes, shafting, pulleys.
etc. WH1TELAW. Z1S Spear st.
A BEAUTIFUL rosewood guitar, with case,
for $15: cost In any music store, 27. UNCLE
HARRIS. 15 Grant ave. -~
FOR sale — Forge, fan. anvil, blacksmith tools.
4-foot wide bending rolls, drill press and
other tools. Apply at 436 Sixth st.
FOR sale — 2 cloth cases. 1 counter. 1 desk; all
like new. 230 Van Ness ave., near Grove 'st.
A— 20-TON How* wagon scale; compound beam.
Apply at 216 California gt.
A— 15 AND 25 H. P. boiler; 8 H. P. engine;
cheap. J. BURKE. 139 Beale st.
TYPEWRITERS at any price to close them
nut: different makes: call early for bargain*.
TYPEWRITER EXCHANGE. 403 California.
FOR Eale— Three young talking parrots. Ad-
dress 119 Tenth st. ,
BABY carriage, as good a3new; hood top:
cheap. 217A Colllnswood st. - ¦
FOR sale— Merry-Ko-round; good running order.
Address box 63, Oakland P. O., general office.
FOR sale — An upright piano; good order. 211
Franklin st. '
Valuable tide and marsh land records. Apply
JAS. MASON. Notary Public, 425 California.
$10— NEW HOME sewing machine, in pood con-
dition. 1S71 Market St., near Twelfth.
TYPEWRITP:RS. M-hand. all makes, at low
figures. L. fc M. ALEXANDER. 110 Montg'y.
Gasoline or distillate engines, new and M-hand:
all sizes; guaranteed. NEWELL. 58 Bluxome.
FIRST-CLASS second-hand modern engines and
boilers bought" and sold. KROGH MFG. CO.
2D-HAXD steam. Kay. oil. water and air ma-
chinery bought and sold. White. 516 Mlcslon.
PHOTOGRAPHIC and maslc lantern goods
bought, sold, exchanged. 109 Montgomery st.
SAFES— New and second .hand. THE HER-
MAN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento gt.
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d-hand moving plc-
tures. BULLARD & BRECK. 131 Post st.
S> FES— New and second-hand: all sizes. THE
WALTZ SAFE. 109-111 Market St.. San Fran.
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
WANTED- Thirty-four ft. 8 in. and 24 ft. 7
In. double leather belting: also . 30 in. pul-
ley, at Foster's 'wood yard, 9 Colton St., off
Brady; must be cheap for cash. ¦
¦WANT to buy roller-top desk; must be bar-
gain. Address, box 21S4, Call office.
TILTON'S misfit parlors wants masquerade, la-
dles'. gent's clothing. 154. 9th; tel. Folsom 2522.
SECOND-HAND steam, gas and electric ma-
chinery wanted. * 204 Mission St..- near Main.
OLD gold and silver and diamonds bought. 208
• Kearny st.. room 412. •
MOSEY TO LOAN.
A— MONET to loan at rates which people can
afford to pay on - furniture, pianos, etc.; do
not borrow of your friends or you will lose
their friendship; do business with strangers
and you will be better satisfied; no delay; no
publicity. Rooms i and 10. 806 Market st.
ANY proposition, any amount: 6 per cent; first,
second mortgages, estates in probate, interest
in estatcts. legacies; corporation loans, chattel
mortgages and securities. Room 16. 1st floor,
Chronicle building. HALLORAN & OLSEN.
ANY amount at 6%; first. 2d and '3d mort-
gages, undivided Interest, real estate In pro-
bate;, mortgages and legacies bought; no de-
lay; get my terms before Joins business else-
where. R. McCOLOAN, 24 Montgomery, r. 3.
HIGHLY respectable, private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds, jewelry at low-
est rates. I Baldwin Jewelry Store, SIS Market
st. ; tel. Main ifrU. Branch 19 Third st.
LOWEST rates on furniture, etc. . by private
party: no removal; no commlssln; confiden-
tial. Room 3, Conservatory bldg.. 301 Jones.
HOST reliable place to borrow on diamonds
watches. Jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL. 10 Sixth;
'- highest price for old gold, sliver, diamonds.
ON furniture, * pianos; no removal; money
quick; lowest Interest: easy terms; no broker-
age; reliable party. 1170 Market st. room 68.
8% on furniture and pianos: 113 up; no removal;
:-. no commission; private. , Room 81. 8 Eddy st.
LOANS, 1st or 2d mtgs; city, country, 6%, undi-
vided Into. ; estates. HARPER. 397 Parrott big.
MONEY leaned salaried people without security.
- HILL, rm. 44. Merchants' Ex,. -431 California.
CASH loaned on salaries; New York plan. THE
TOUSLE Y CO.. 321 Parrott building.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note without
lndorser. *- MORRELL, 6O3..Examlner building.
TO salaried people without .collateral or in-
dorser. S. F. Discount Agency. 143 Phelan big.
MONKY WANTED.
WANTED— A loan of $2000 secured by chattel
mortgage on machinery worth S10.0CO. Apply
1 ¦ box 2403. Call office. *.
= MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
!* ANY, person having use for a piano can be ac-
commodated at Sherman, Clay & Co.'s with
1 easiest payment.', lowest prices and most re-
; liable makers to choose from. "Each the best
of their grade,: from Steinway down. Prlv-
- . liege - given to exchange medium and . low
! . priced pianos' for a n<»w Steinway ; any . time
- ' : within three . years from : date ¦ of - purchase
Beautiful new. uprights sold for J5 cash and
5 ~ $6 -per mpntii. - We ¦ cfter to sell some K<xx
planes at 13, $4 and £> per month. SHEF
MAN, CLAY & CO.. Steinway dealers, cor
j, ner Kearny and Sutter «ts., San Francisco
• corner Broadway and Thirteenth st..'- Oak-
' m . land.; ¦, >-»-:- .. :.._; . ¦
A STORAGE auction piano sale; 21 fine pianos
i Just removed* from storage room and placed
, on-* sale: offers wanted to ', force them out.
t [ >WILSON'S STORAGE. 17M ; Martet ¦ st.
? CO UPRIGHTS, air makes, »73 up; rented and
" .rent allowed; Hallet & Davis agency. HEINE
n ' PIANO : CO.. ; 217 Geary st. , ' " *
d SMALL, upright' piano -for sale;. in good condl-
¦' tlon. ;156 Second ;st..i San Francisco. "
t, THIS.,week only; 10 new. pianos (samples) half
¦ price. DEWING CO.. 12 Flood bulldlns. '
3IUSICAX INSTRUMENTS— -Con.
OUR advice to-day la short and to the point-
Buy now. Buy from us. Buy a Decker A
Sen It you can afford it. If you cannot, then
buy a Packard. Baumelster. Smith & Barnes
or a Wlllard piano. We sell on easy pay-
ments ¦ If you do not want to pay cash.
MAUVAIS MUSIC CO.. 76» Market st.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest hous*
west of Chicago is KOHLER & CHASE'S. 21
2S and 30 O'Farrell st.; pianos, organs and
all other musical Instruments of all grades
and prices: terms ea*y; prices lowest: every-
thing possible done :«, please and satisfy the
customer.
A FEW new pianos for tlM: second-
hand from J30. BKSJ. CURTAZ & SOX.
16 O'Farrell st. Chlckerlng and Vose agency.
BEAUTIFUL new pUnos, 81i5 up; rents and
easy payments. KLARE. gofi Fllhnore st.
FINK standard upright piano, also parlor set:
sacrifice; leaving city. 324 Golden Gate ave.
SPECIAL, sale of pianos this week: Steinway,
Knabe and others. BRUEXX. 208 Post st.
BIGGEST bargain in Fisher upright plaao:
nearly new; must fce sold. 301 Jones st.
HIGH-ORADE planoa; Steck. Hardman. Con-
over end others. Wiley B. Allen Co.. 314 Post.
BARGAIN"- Must be sold: nice upright piano.
SCHMITZ. 16 McAllister St.. neat Hlb. Bank.
A NEARLY new grand upright cheap: brilliant,
powerful tone. HORXUXO. 218 McAllister.
BYRON MAUZT. agency Sohmer & Co.. Byron
Mauzy. Oabler and Spgllman pianos. 208 Post.
AT KEEFFE'S. 933 Market st., 4 elegant up-
rights at your own price. Shoninger agency.
SUPERIOR violins, xlthers, old and new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer. 3 Latham place.
OFFICES AXD STOItES TO LET.
LARGE elegant store; cement basement: W3
Valencia st.. near 21st.: will make any neces-
sary alterations of front or Interior to suit
good tenant.
FINE store, counter, shelves, S living rooms:
yard; water free; rent HO. 1920 Howard st.
ONE-HALF of large office In deatrabU loca-
tion; rent reasonable. >18 Market Bt. m. 80.
OIL. _^
OIL stock! Oil stock!! Oil stock!!!
10c per share in company with 1 products!
well: No. 2 now drilling.
. 15c per share; ground-floor proposition; lim-
ited amount of stock In solid company, -with
4 producing wells, 3 more drilling; when com-
pleted stock will be advanced in price.
2Sc per share in dividend paying company;
now has 13 producing wells; dividend t per
cent per month. :
Call or write C. F. MOORE, 935 Market
St.. room «, U. S .Licensed Broker.
JOSEPH B. TOPLITZ. 830 Pine st.
MEMBKR PRODUCERS* OIL EXCHANGE.
Country correspondence solicited.
TWO prospectors going to oil fields will lo-
cate claims for others; reasonable. Address
box 3495. Call office.
PAINTERS AND DECORATORS.
WALL paper, window nhades; rooms papered. J3
up. Jensen ft Bath, 3Ca Sixth: open evenings.
ROOMS papered from $3 up; city or country.
Hartman Paint Co.. 819 Sd st.; tel. Red 8S2L
FALMISTRT. ~
MME VELORE FRANCAISE— Just arrtTed:
palmistry, readings. 847 Howard st.
H JEROME FOSSELLI, scientific palmist. 51S
Taylor st.. bet. Geary and Post: teL Black Ml.
~~ PATENTS AXD PENSIONS^
.1 ~*..~ ,.,..,.,.¦¦¦. ¦¦ W w.^~>^~>
kDViCK tnm: no charge unless successfuL
< OEO. P. CAMPBELL. Lawyer. Examiner Mt.
~~ ~ PERSONALS.
Stoddard's Celebrated Plasters, a positive cure
for all aliments of the flesh, nerves or mus-
cles, prepared and sold only by MRS. N.
STODDARD. main office 1137 Geary St., nr.
Franklin; 'phone East 233. Branch office 1313
Market, opp. Van Ness ave. . Reference*— Hor-
ace Platt. attorney: Tom V. Cator. attorney.
A— IF your hair Is falling or you are bald, call
on DR. G. S. MOORE. 433 Geary St.. and you
will not be disappointed: this remedy la posi-
tively guaranteed: call or send for circular.
TO whom It may concern: My wife. NELLIE
HUTCHINSON. has left my bed and board.
I will not be responsible for any bills that
. she may contract.
AUSTIN HUTCHTNSON.
MME. SAXDERS, the palmist and medium,
has removed from the Vendome. 1104 Market,
to the Astor House, 1130 Market st.. rooms
1, 2 and 3. See large ad. under clairvoyants.
TO make the largest amount of money in the
shortest length of time consult MME. SAN-
DERS, the only teacher of mind vibration on
the coast. Astor House. 1130 Market st.
PROF. CALDERWOOD, the eminent phren-
ologist, is now at the Astor House, 1130 Mar- '
ket st. Lessons given orally and by mail.
PROF. MERGEN'S Mineral OH and Salve: sura
cure for dropsy, paralysis, rupture: eyr ht;
consultation at rooms 8 and 9, 1223 Marker st.
MRS. W. II. MAY. there Is a letter for you at
the main postofflce; please call.
PERKIXS— MRS. LULU PERKIX3 or MRS.
LULU HOWARD: probate matter of interest
to her. CaU or address ZENAS U. DODGB
Esq.. attorney-at-Iaw. 608 California St.. S. F.
I AM not responsible for any debts contracted
hereafter by my wife, DELIA McCULLOUGH.
WILLIAM McCULLOUGH.
PRIVATE detective work; reasonable rates; 10
years' experience. J. B. RAY. 357 Jessie *t.
$1 WEEKLY: suits to order from genulns
Scotch. J15 up; fine dxess suits. 830 up; ele-
gant overcoats. $13 up. LEON LEMOS. 1117
Market St.. between Seventh and Eighth.
ELECTRIC light In every room— Winchester
Hotel, 44 Third st.. near Market: TOO rooms;
{5c to $1 E0 per night: Jt CO to J<5 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
WHITE enamel iron beds, single, three-quarter
or double, 82 23. EASTERN , OUTFITTIXO
CO.. U10-1312 Stockton st.. near Broadway.
SPRING style* Standard patterns now ready.
"Domestic", offlce. 1321 Market St., nr. Sixth.
A-S3 60 DERBY and Fedora hats, 81 73. Popu-
lar Price Hatters. 330 Kearny st.. near Pine.
FINE suitn. $10; dress pants. S3 73. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery st.
SCHOOL to learn halrdr»ssing. hair work, man-
icuring; private lessons or class. MISS A. V.
DOYLE, 1704 Market, bet. Polk and Van Ness.
MASQUERADE costumva. play books, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mkt.
GOOD home open for healthy boy or girl baby.
Mrs. -Dr. Funke. 141S Eighth St.. Alamrda.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles destroyed wltH
electric needle. MIS3 EATON. 1119 Sutter st.
DR. LAMOTTE'S French Corn Paint, the best
corn cure: 23c: all druggists.
ALFREDUMS Egyptian Henna; restores gray
hair to its natural o.lor: 81: at all druggists.
PHTSIC1ASS AND SIRGEOXS.
DR. C. C.O 7 DOXNELL— Offlce and residence.
. 1021% Market st., between Sixth and Seventh.
DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor, successfully
treats all diseases of the human body : *-•
testimonials at offlce. 115-117 Mason, nr. Ellis.
REAL ESTATE — CITY — FOR SALE.
S1400— -.EAT cottage. 4 large rooms, high base-
ment: nice garden; chicken house and chick-
ens: lot 23 by 100; with or without furniture;
.also adjoining cottage, with 3 rooms and
chicken house; large. Irregular lot: halt
block from cars and Falrmount School. In-
quire S13 Palmer «t. or 819 Valencia. In store.
8360O EACH; be^t bargain ever offered; two
dwelling houses Just finished: 1513 Masonic
ave.. f blocks south of Haight at. ; S rooms
and bath, with all modern Improvements: city
and marine view. Apply on premises.
GO to-day and see those 7 and 9 room houses
on Clayton St.. 2 blocks south of Hatatht;
transfer to Magonlc-ave. car and get oft at
Carl st. See owner on premises or J. ENG-
LISH. 11 Montgomery st.
11300— HOUSE of 4 rooms and bath: lot 23x120:
Sunset District :> south of Park. Inquire own-
er on 'premises, 1622 Tenth ave.. Sunset Dts-
• trict, city.
FOR the best located lots in Richmond and th«
cheapest call on W. J. Ounn. 530 California.
MODERN cottages and flats built; reasonable;
plans furnished. GEOROE M. SAL33UM,
builder; office 1333 Market st.
IF you have lots to sell north of the Park.
then call on W. J. GUNN. 830 California st.
REAL ESTATE— COUNTRY For Sal*
J4CC0— 82 acres fine level land in Sonoma County;
• 1 mile from town and railroad: 30 acres in
vines, two-thirds full bearing; 1 acre fruit;
grape crop this year should bring $1500; house,
barn. etc. ; this is very cheap and part of It
could be sold in 5 and 10 acre lots at a largs
profit OAMAN & ALLEN. 215 Kearny st.
A CHEAP ranch. 330 acres, on the Alameda
- Creek, Alameda. County: good house S rooms.
2 large barns, etc; fenced and cross-fenced;
good stock and hog ranch; price 84000 for Ira*
mediate sale. H. H. CRANE, 508 California.
GRAZING or dairy land to lease. 230 acres,
¦- with large outside range, in Humboldt County,
Cal.. for term of years; plenty, wood ana
water. M. R. JAGER, 110 Taylor st. 8. F.
AT 830 per acre; choicest level orchard and
' grain land in State: a-ijolns R.R.; easy terms.
Cal. Farm Land Assn.. (IS Examiner bide
WRITE J.,W. HORN. 812 Main, Petalums, foi
¦ fret copy of Sonoma Co. real estate barjilaa.UOETON MYSTERY
OE A' GARRET MTTRDER
St. Louis Police Discover the Reasons
for the Violent Death of
Robert "Walsh.
ST. LOUIS. March 15.-Robert Walsh,
Eald. to be the missing: son of a prominent
lumberman of Saginaw, Mich., -was mur
dered In a garret room at 416 South Sixth
street in the course of a quarrel over the
spoils of a robbery. ;
This is the solution of a mystery that
had enveloped the discovery of the life
less body of a stranger, lying with a
crushed skull in his lonely room on the
morning of February 3. • - •
His slayer is still at large, but his name
and description are no longer secrets at
police headcuarters and his arrest is ex
pected to take place shortly. v v J ;
Continued Prom Pag-e Ten.
COMMERCIAL NEWS
ST. PETERSBURG, March 15.—Bogale
poff, Minister of Public Instruction, who,
•while ¦ holding; a reception February 27,
was phot by Peter Kerpovic,- formerly a
student at the University of Moscow, died
to-day of his wcunds. ¦ \
cow Student, Passes Away in
St. Petersburg.
Bogalepoff, Who Was Shot by a Mos-
It isstated that the demonstration was
directed partially against Grand Duke
Sergius, Governor General of Moscow,
who celebrated his tenth annual official
anniversary this afternoon. ¦ The^atudents
Intended making demonstrations a&alnst
their old enemy, Suvorrine, . who cele
brated the twenty-flfth anniversary of his
assumption of the editorship and proprie
torship of the Novoe Vremya this after
noon by holding a reception which was
attended by the leaders of social life in
the city, but the police were in the secret
and displayed a strong force.
The students assembled in considerable
numbers, but departed peacefully.
BTJSSIAN 3MCCNISTER
DIES "'OF. HIS WOTTNDS
ST. PETERSBURG, March 13 (Wednes
day).—News"comes from" Moscow that the
city Is terribly excited over the riot which
beg^n ; there March 4 and continued sev
eral days. It is trustworthily reported
that one student was killed and many
were severely hurt In- the conflict with
the police, who arrested 700 persons, be
sides noting the Identity of many others.
Some say 1500 names were taken. * -". >. v
the Governor General, Is Said to
Have Caused the Dis- .
turbance. . ,
Enmity Against Grand Duke Sergius,
Man Is Killed.
Moscow in a Furor Because
of Riot in Which a
POLICE BATTLE
WITH STUDENTS
j CANTON. /Ohio, 1 March :15.~Judee J.^ E.
Bald win "¦¦ ot \ Canton; a i lit e-longr friend • of
the President, • has : been appointed Consul
at > Nuremburgr,- Bavaria. -
Nuremburg Consul Named.
W^llllam Greenwood to Charles Propfe. lot on
W line of Webster street, 108:4 N ot Sutter
K 23:4 by W 100; $6009. ¦ ¦;, • : '
Sarah Mantell (Stowell) to Oscar * Harru lot
on N line of California street. 1S«:8 Wof Flll
more, W 61 by N 132:8U; J70OQ. , •*,;-. v, ".
Thomas C. Klnsr' to Rebecka Gasque (wife
of Henry F.). lot on N line of Sutter street,
65 E of Broderlck, E 25 by N 80:6; JI0O0. •,> \
Charles H. Rogers to • Lizzie E. ' Rog-ers lot
on NE line of Tenth ; street, 75 HE of Folsom.
SB 20 by NE 65; gift. »r , -¦¦-.,
George E. and Helen Dunham to L D.
Batchelor. lot on W line of Folsom street. - BO
K.of Eighteenth, N 76, W 122:6," S 25 E 22 6
S £0. E ICO; *«>«). • • ,• ,.'
John O. < and Belle B. . Rels to Frederic : E.
Magee, lot on S corner of Second and ¦ Sllv«>r
streets/ SE 70 by SW 85; $7500. • ¦ . f ¦ -?
Patrick F. Gleaeon to M. Perpoll.' lot en ; SB
corner of Harrlaon and Twenty-flfth streets,
8 25 by E 100:14000. , '••¦. •••.¦*•-
Estate of Adolph Sutro (by Emma I* Mer-
BEAL ESTATE TBANSAOTIONS.
HOTEL AREIVALS.
PALACE HOTEL.
M A Murray, Bakrsfld ]
W D Judd.ifc w. Mass I
G Llppman. NY :
W S Badger, Los Ang; '
F A ; Neander, Everett ',
G Cotton. NY <
Mre O Cotton, N Y :
EH Mason & w, Bost j
Miss Macon. Boston
Gen & Mrs J A Hill, :
: Nevada
G R Hill, Nevada :
C B Porter & w, Nev '
N Morris, Chicago ;
Mrs R Hoffheimer, Chg !
L T Swift; Chicago !
A W Jacob, Cal I
Miss R Richards & t. !
St Louis :.' ]
Dr & Mrs C W Dun- I
lap, NY ' 1
G Baldwin & w. Conn ]
J McCardin & w. N Y I
Miss McCardin, N Y ]
P Wadsworth. Cal ]
D Jacobs, N Y : .
W Toomey & w, . Minn i
J E Morse, Boston
G Thorp, U 8 Marines ]
AM Murphy, w. & ch, !
NY ¦ '
Mr & Mrs Kelderhous- :
er, N Y 1
F Loeser & w, N Y
Mrs L M Drake, N Y
Miss Drake. N Y
W J B Lee, BkrsfleM
M F Miller. Chicago
Col Boyle, Milwaukee
Mrs D A KellogB, Cal
E S Churchill & w,
Napa ,- : .
Dr & Mrs I E Klm
ball. Ptland
Mr & MrsPatton, Pa -
T B Patton & w, Cal
MIbs E Wallace, Phlla
Miss G H Burket, Cal
Mrs W J Kenny, N ¦ Y
Mrs N J Cosgrove, NY
Mrs A O Stewart,, Mo
Mre G C William, Mo
Miss I Lanffebergr, Mo
B: W Foster, NY
R H Herron, Los Ang
O Eisau & w, Cal
Mrs W E White, N Y
E C Grant, Boston
T R Levis. Rochester
R K McMerly & w,
Philadelphia
Miss McMerley, Phlla
Miss A - P McMerley,
' Philadelphia . < ¦ '
Miss E McMerley. Pa
Miss L Trinder, Boston
Chlcaco Commercial Club.
W T Baker
B I Smith
AC Bartlett
J H Bradley
B B Butler ~
Eugene Carey
WJ Chalmers "
John M Clark,.
J-H Eokles. .
B A Eckardt
John F Farwell
Marshall Field- -
W A Fuller •.
John J Glessner
John S Hannah
F H Head
C Cotz ..
John J James
D;B Jones
Chauncey Keep
R A Keyes
E3G Keith ,"
Mr Dudley
Mr Caton
Mr Merrltt - ''
Mr Burnett
Mr Carpenter
G Goehorn
Mr Worthlnfton
Mr Norton
Mr Davis
Mr Coykendall
Chas F Klmball
Robert T Lincoln
H J MeFarland & seo
Murry Nelson
E P Rlpley,
A A Spragu*
George C Walker
GRAND HOTEL
A B Butler, Merred
OJ Youns, Reddlny
F J J Sloat & w. 0.
L H»Tarpley & w, Or
R J. Cowperthwalte, Or
Mrs C Malloch. Pawsn
J W McClrug-, B C
D S Kyser.vNapaiv.-
R M Green, Oroville
H H Knox, N Y :
W Ldddell & w.- Fresno
Mrs F Richards ' Cal
Miss J Peck, Cal
W,H Hudson & w, Cal
Mrs E Warner, Li vrmr
C B Nuttles, Stockton
H K Barber & w,' Car
C V Shelf ord, Stockton
A Berner, Oroville
G Weir, Petaluma
W Elliott, Chicaeo
J M Day, Los Ang; .i .¦
O M Btolp, Cal -
W Smythe & w, Colo
HO Rose:& w.iCal =
Mrs A J Bothwick, Cal
F A Nltchy & w. Or
J Goldman. Merced »<•"
Mrs HA Myers, N T s
B F Myers, N Y :
Mrs T Lyons, St Paul J
Miss F Tarbox, Minn
R B o Bement, Minn
E K Smart, Grass Vail
E;J Kendall, Auburn
Mlsa F Cox, Sacto
Mrs Goldstein & d 111
F T Butler. Toronto
Mrs Farmer, Stockton
Miss Simmons, Fresno
R L Loyd,. Los Ang ¦-'
L E '- Wisconsin
J A Hill, DIxon
C A Freeman,* Denver
W Ballard.-Vallelo "
EC Eubanks. Cal
J B Mulloy Portland
J S Paul, New -York
H H Yerrlngton," Cal . -a
R F. CrowelV Stanford
J D Carr Jr. Stanford
H C McClure.'Cal
A M-McClure, Cal
W W Monroe, Cal
CJ Spearing, London
« W ; Mlllw, Sta Rosa
13 Bailey & w, N Y
Mrs J D F 8mlth. N T
Mrs;I,R Falrchlld.NTr
AN Smith & w.Phlla
C W Marsh & w, Dak
NEW WKSTERN HOTEL.
D D Barnes," Clncinnat
J . H > Marriott, - Binghm
L Bark tiw, Cal •¦
B T Murray, = IiO8.Ang
T J Bullivan, Bayord t.
F Broker & w.'.Wash;
B. Stein,- Oakland .- ¦ ¦•-
W'J Frank, Mare, Isld
J T ' Lenton, . Mare I»ld
R • W- Richardson, Cal
J B Teller., Cal
H : O : Jones. • Cal T
P ; Lamia. N Orleans
P.8a£ry New Orleans -
FP Powell,, Cal
O W Tompson, N Orln
H , F , Brooks, ¦ Boston ¦¦•-
A Carlson & fam, Cal
A Iyundirln. 'SauBallto
W.J^MJlk.Saueallto
M A Madison & w, Cal
H : Langan, , Ions
100 El Dorado 160
150 Four 68
8 Hanford .'. 80 00
100 Home ...., 8 95
1000 Independence 20
600 Junction 64
60 Kern 7 00
200 Lion .....................: 19
B0 Monarch of Arizona...... 49
10O Monarch of Arizona EO
60 Monarch of Arizona./...... 48
200 Monte Cristo .;.;........... 2 25
600 Monte Cristo .:.. t £0
875 Occidental of West Virginia........; 47 :,
. 20 Peerless 7 76
'20 Peerless 7 60
1160 Petroleum Center 1*
8700 Petroleum Center . ........ ...... ...... 13
100 lleed Crude 65
300 Retd Crude C3 ,
" 200 Reed' Crude ..'.. -. E2
200 Reed Crude ,".'..;....- 61
700 Reed Crude 50
60 San Joaquln Oil & Dev 10 CO
700 Shamrock 60
135 Sterling '. 2 25
' 800 Superior 25
100 Twcnty-elsht ." '...;. 130
600 "Wolverine ......:....,.....' 1 20
Street—
800 Occidental of West Virginia.". 47
" 250 Occidental of West Virginia ; 46
. 20 San Joaquln O11& Dev ...; 9 75
Afternoon Session.
Ecard— i'i'; ¦'-. • ¦'-
1000 California-Standard El
.900 California-Standard.. 50
300 Caribou 60
200 Caribou 65
D00 Hanford, Fresno, Kern River....;... lo
1 Hanford • —• SO 00
600 Junction i 64
100 Kern..: • • ••¦• 7 00
300 Monarch of Arizona 43
200 Monarch. of. Arizona...... 45
100 Oil City Petroleum.. 24
1000 Petroleum Center 13
600 Reed Crude .1?
100 Sterling 2 00
100 Sunset (original) 38
150 Twenty-ei&ht 1 82^
100 Twenty-eight J»
SO West Shore ••• S 25
BAN FRANCISCO OIL HXCHAKGa
. ;'¦ Mornlns Session.
Board— • ,.'
1000 California-Standard 52
1000 Occidental "of West Va, s 80 48
4500 Petroleum Center .." 1*
100 Sterling ............ ..................... I 80
Afternoon Session.
Beard —
600 California-Standard 61
1000 California-Standard, s 80 48
500 Columbian 82
700 Four Oil Co ••••• 6 j
800 Independence «
1000 Junction ..••'• J*
800 Hon • J*
600 Lion ..••- • — J5
1000 Petroleum Center, b 90.... 14 ,
100 Petroleum Center - 13
1000 San Joaquln O & D Co, s 80 • 75
Street — - ' _ ,, « r«
60 San Joaquln O & T> Co .160
The following were the nit* In the ' Ban
Francisco Stock and r Exchange Boar* yester
day: ¦ ; ' -¦ ¦'¦ •': ¦ ¦ ' ' .-¦' . '.-".." : '¦ /
MINING STOCKS.
Morning; Session.
tOO Best & Belcher 17 550 Mexican 17
800 Chollar .....:... 16 200 Occidental ..... 04
BOO Chollar ......... -1« 100 Overman 13
100 Con Cal * Va..l 65 500 Potosi ...... 1»
Afternoon Session.
100 Andes .......... 05 700 Hale A Noto... II
100 Chollar .......... 18 800 Mexican ........ 17
100 Con Cal A Va..l 70 100 Ophlr 70
SCO Gould & Curry. 10 100 Yellow Jacket.. 20
Ths following: were the Bales in tha Paclflo
Stock Exchange yesterday;
- Morning- Session-.--, .
800 Chollar .......:. 16 700 Ophlr ".". «3
200 Con Cal & V.I 674 1200 Potosl 15
400 Con Cal &A'a..l 70 200 Potosl .......... 18
«O0 Hale & Noro... 15 400 Sierra Nevada. 29
1D00 Justice......... 03 150 Silver Hill ..... 41
Afternoon Session.
200 Best * Belcher 18 200 Mexican 18
900 Chollar ..10 200 Mexican ........ 17
BOO Chollar r........ 17 100 Ophir 70
650 Con Cal * V.I 67^ BOO Potosl .....;..;. 17
BOO Con Cal & Va..l 65 400 Sierra Nevada. 29
100 Confidence .."...¦ 73 200 Union Con ..... IS
200 Gould & Curry 17 100 Yellow Jacket. .• 20
CLOSINa • QUOTATTONB.
FRIDAY, March 15— 4 v. m.
Bld.Aek. = Bid-Aftk.
AlDha .......... M' M Justice ......... 03 04
Alta ........... 0J 03 Kentuck ....... - 02
¦Andes '.; •• »* Lady Wash .....01 02
Belcher ........ 10 12 Mexican 1« :' IS
Beet & Belcher 17 18 Occidental ..... C3 05
Bullion ......... 01 . «2 Opffir ........... ; «3 69
Caledonia ...... 71 75 Overman ....... 13 15
CtaSlW Con. -16 IS Potosl .......... 1« IT
Chollar ...'...... IS 1* Savage 1 .......... .10 11
CBnndenc* '....; 72 75 Scorpion ....... — 0»
Con Cal A VsIKl 60 1 70 Se B Belcher ... 01 0J
Ton Imperial..; :C1 el Sierra Nevada. 29 30
Con New York. 01 03 Silver Hill ......40 43
Crown Point... 11 12 StLoula .......— 0«
FureUa Con..... 1 W - Standard ......4 00 4 80
Exchequer ..... 01 W Syndicate ......,— , 07
OouIds&Curry 15 16 Union Con;..... 17 : , 19
Hal« & Norc... IS 1* Utah .....;..,..; 05 W
JuUa ...:.". I.. -01 02 Yellow Jackst.. 19 20
Same owner with John Walton (contractor),
architect same — Painting, polishing, graining
and tinting for same on same; $1050. -:-¦•-
Same owner with G. C. Sweeney (contractor),
architect same— Plumbing, gas fltting. and sew
er work for samo on saine; $2246.
Frank wkltersteln (owner) with O. A. Crae
mer (contractor), architect C. A. Heussdorfler
— All work except painting, plumbing, [ electri
cal work, mantels, gas fixtures and shades for
a three-story casement and attic frame build
ing on N line'* of Butter street, 187:6 E of
Pierce. E 55 by N 137:6. W. A. 387; $13,725. I
OBuilders' Contracts.
Marlon R." Clement to Ornlon Folsom, lot 2 in
B half of block L, Map of Pioneer Homestead,
Alameda; J1G00. •
.. John and Mary 8pcncer, Commercial Bank
and Henry W. Taylor (by ; J. B. . Lanktree.
commissioner) to Ada H. Gale, lot on E line
of Telegraph avenue, 150 N of Dwight way, N
60 by E 150, block 7, Map of property of College
Homestead Association/. Berkeley; $1500.-' ¦
Horace W.Carpentler (by George Levlson, at
torney) to Charles Chrlstensen, lot 4, block 3«,
Tract B, Berkeley Land and Town Improvement
Association; quitclaim deed, Berkeley; $50. .,
Marie Werner and Gertrude Hoyt (by G. M.
Hoyt, attorney) to Charles E. Lyon, lot 8, Wer
ner Tract. Berkeley: $10. ¦ '
Mary E. Gamble (single) to Edith M. Ray
mond (single), lot 10, block H, Crystal Spring
Tract, Berkeley; S1000.' ' „ , ' ; « '
John Center to John Russell, lot on S corner
of Nineteenth avenue and East Twenty-seventh
street, SW SO, SE 127:6, SW 60. SE 75, NE 140,
NW 202:6, being lots 1, 2, 8, 6, 7 and 8, block
89, on map of lots in Brooklyn, East Oakland;
$30C0. ~- '¦¦'- ¦ "¦ ' '¦ -
Gilbert S. Raymond to Samuel G." and Ftank
E. Rogers, lot 1, corrected map Electric
Heights Tract, Brooklyn Township, quitclaim
deed; J2000.
Fannie Lempp (widow) to Alfred Robinson,
all interest In lots E3 to 85, block C. Frultvale
Villa Tract. Brooklyn Township; S10.
Phebe A. Hearst (by Edward H. Clark, at
torney) to The Morgan Oyster Company, all
Interest in tide land locations In San Mateo
County; crant. .
Same to same, all Interest In same; grant.
Annie Cliear to Benjamin J. Phillips, lot on
N line of Fourth street, 100 W of Grove, W 25
by N 100, lot 24, block 47, Kellersberger's map,
Antonio Vag'ge to Joseph Kolda, lota 24 and
25 block 24, on Map of-Resubdlvision of Smith's
subdivision of Matthews Tract, Berkeley; also
lots 10 and 11. block 47, Petersen Tract, Hay
wards. Eden Township; $10. :
Syndicate Investment Company to Herman
Hautala, lot 12, block 753, on. Map of, Syndicate
Investment Company's subdivision of blocks
751 to 754, 769 and 770. Levy and Lane Tract,
Brooklyn Township; $100.
William L. and Carrie J. Russell to Thomas
A Russell, undivided half Interest In lot on N
line of West Fifth street. 75 E of Lewis. E 25
by N 100, lot 4, block B, Bay View Homestead,
Oakland; $1.
Same to same, undivided half Interest In
came, Oakland; gift. ?¦
Frederick - Browne to E. A. Harris, lot on S
line of Fourth street, 125 B of Grove. E 100, S
60. E 75. S 50, W 175. N 100 to beginning, lots 11
to' 14, 17 and 18, block 27, Kellersberger's Map,
Oakland; $4000. : ¦ -
E. A. and Agnes Harris to H. B. Belden,
same, Oakland; $4000.
W. J. and Birdie D. Poole to John W. Wha
lln, lot on NE corner of Thirty-third or Nolan
and Market streets, E 116:3 by N 25, being the
S 25 feet of lot 1, block D, Map of property of
Central Land Company, Oakland ; $500.
Alameda County.
John A. Sanborn to Stanly Ooghlll, lot on E
line of Castro street, 118:3-8 -'of Lewis. 8 100
by B 112, block 32, Falrmount Land Associa
tion, aultclalm deed; $10.; ~
Btanly Cog hi 11 to Thomas B. Coghlll, same;
$10. - '- -
Frank H. and Jane G. Powers to William C.
Hamerton, lot on NW • line of Preclta avenue,
100 SW from Preclta Valley lot 86, NW 100.
SW 12:4. SW 23, SE 81, NB 25, Preclta Valley
lot' 97: $500. •
Margaret Boothby to Frank Wells, lot on W
line of San Bruno avenue. 75 8 of Woolsey
street, S 50 by W 120,. block 7, University
Mound; S1000. -:l ¦'¦.vv;v ¦-¦-:¦". '
Jacob and Llna Heyman to Ben T. . Burton.
lot on W line of Ninth avenue, 250 S of • B
street. S 50 by "W 120; $2000.
Callaphan Estate Company (corporation) to
David Lewis, lot on W line of Eleventh ave
nue, 210 S of H street, S 25 by W 120; $1000.
Solomon and Dora Getz to John J. - Llnehan,
lot on W llna of Ninth avenue. 200 N of X
street, N 25 by W 120; $1000.
Estate of I. G. "Wlckersham (by Fred A. and
Lizzie C. "Wlckersham. executors) - to T. M.
Shearman, lots 16 and 17,, block 4, Flint Tract
Homestead; $12C0. - - • '
Bella Goodwin to Thomas Prlngle Jr», lot on
N\V line of Railroad avenue. CO BW of Thirty
sixth. SW 25 by NW 123:10, block 68, Paul
Tract Homestead; $500. ¦ . , , -
Frederic E. and Bell . M. Magee to Thomas
Magee Jr., undivided ; one-half of lot on * W
corner of Second and Silver streets, NW 70,
SW M, BE 47. NE 80, SE 23. NE 60: $3000.
Henry and Barah Beckett to Samuel H.,
Hurt R., John and Harry Beckett and Mary
Haraszlhy, undivided fifth of lot on. NW line
of Park Lane, S 241:11. NB 21:9% by NW
97:6; $400. '•-. " -
"William F. and'Cella A. Leumeister to Del
Monte Milling Company (corporation), lot on
SW line of Sixth street, 106:3 SE of Brannan,
SE 75 by SW160: $13,000. ,.-.; s
¦ . T. J. and Caroline 1^. Parsons to same, lot
on S coiner of Brannan and Stanford streets.
SW 80 by SB 15«:3: Itt.OOO. — ¦¦' -
.T. T. M. and Isabella Kelly to A. C. Free
man, lot on E line of De Haro street. 183:4 S
of Twenty-third (.Nevada). , S 83:4 by E ,100;
1500.- •>„•¦¦¦¦..¦¦.¦.-—•.,-' v^-r ¦¦¦!¦-:. ;--;¦-— ¦¦,:-.• » , -=,...-
ritt and William R. H. Adamson, . executors)
tc F. Korbel & Bros. - (firm composed - of A.
e.nd F. Korbel), lot on SE corner of Battery
ar.d-Jaekson streets, E 137:6, S, 120, W i)0,,N
CO, AV S7:6, N 60; $23,000. : .
. Fernando and Julia A. Nelson to John D.
and Jane C. Dolan, ' lot on line of Hartford
Ftreet, 2S0:4 N of Eighteenth, N 25 by E 123;
fjCOO.- ¦ '¦-¦-¦¦¦'¦ -'/¦ ¦" '¦¦¦).,¦ - .- ¦ '¦''• .•¦¦r-.\;V:;r
Samuel J. and Wilhelmina E. C. Hendy; to
John H. Hendy, undivided one-third of lot on
N line of. Francisco street, 63:9% E of Dupont.
J3 22:10% by^N 68-^; also all Interest li» lot on
& line: of Bay street. 183:4 W of ICearny. W
45:10 by S 6S:»; 11000. ,
Same to Mary F. McGurn,' undivided one
eighth first described and . all of second de
scribed; I10C0.
THE SAN FK A NCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, MARCH 16, 1901^
19
13
prinnnnnrTB' 'fftTn ¦ avnnnrinnnr
LIKE THE !
WHIRLWIND I
]• You go on the •
£ CALIFORNIA %
j; LIMITED »
Z but you ride gently %
g as the breeze ®
>o .San Francisco o
5 to Chicago o
\% In 75 hours %
\° ' ¦ on the •
I SANTA FE I
|o Leaves San Francisco «>
|o * at 9.00 a. m. dally. «
}o o
¦ocTiir.nx pacipio conriHT.
trioino sistcm.)
Trains l«»s* nnd are du« (• itrrl* • at
, MAN rilAMC'inCO.
• (M»in line. Foot of Markat 3»reel)
t«AT» — From Mabch 14, H01 — mm
7i00a Martinet, S*a IUraoD.ValleJo. Xspa,
CalUtogs snd 3snts> Boss >i23r
7iS0a Benld*. Hnlsan, Elmlra, Taeavllla.
Ramsey and Steramento 7:33 »
7x80 a Dails, Woodland. Knighu Landlnc,
MarTtTille. OroTUIe. 7i3!t»
7.8«* Atlantic Rxpreu— Ofdsn and Bass 1*:23*
Si«Oa Nilui, LiTermore, Tncy, Latsron,
Stockton 7i*3»
•j80 A Shasta Express— DaTii, WOUaau (for
Bartlett Scrinn), Willows, Bad
Bluff. Portland. 7:33r
• iS»A Ssn Jose, Lifermois. Stockton, f
lose, Haeramento. PlaeerrtUe,
M»nritnie, Chlco, lied Ulnff 4iI3»
•iSCA Oakdale, Chinese, Sonora, Oarten... 4iZHt
O:OO* Hajwsrds. HOm aod Way Stations. 1 1 i»»a
OtOUA Los Angeles Express — Marlines,
Trmcy. Xathrop. mocktoo, Kexsed
Fresno »»d Los Angeles 7>S3r
»i30 a Vallt- jo, Martines and Wa* Station* 0:99r
10:0tl a The Orerland Limited— Ogdea. Dea-
»er, Untba. Chicago 8i93*
11:«Oa KUes, Stockton, Haeramsoto, Msn-
dota. Frttne, Ilanford, Tlialla,
I'crtenille 4:S3f
11:00a LiTermore, Saoser, Gothen Jobo-
tton. Baktnfleld, Los Angeles
fliOOp Sacramento Klteratemmais. ........ t3iOO4
Sioar Benleis, Winters.- Sacramento,
Wooillami, Knljhti Landliif.
M»rj5fi!l«, OroTilie lt:SS*
S:OOr Haywards, Nll«s and Way Stations. »:33r
4iUOr Martlnax. Han lUmon. Tallalo.
Napa. Oallatncs. M»nt» Utxa BiSS*.
f4:00p Bantet limited. El Pwo, New
OrlesJM sod East.. el 1:33*
4:0trThe-Uwl limited— Traey. Fresno.
BakenOeM. Kangiii for Banta B»r-
bsrs, %m* Angeles. H1SS4
4i39r Hsyvards. tills* aud San Jose...... t* : 33*
OiOiir Kew Orlrau Exprm— Itakenield.
Uanta i:»rinr», Us Aiifien, l)*m. '
tug. El Paso. New Orlsaut aud
Kaat. 7.«U
SsOOr Nlles, Ll»ermor«, Stockton. Lodl.... 1O>S*.a,
Bi««r UaTwardt. Miles aud Bait Jose 71S.I4
t«:««P Vjlejo Ililtai
• iOOr Oriental Mail— OjJen, Chejenne.
Umabs. Cbteaeo lSiStr
•tOOr Oriental Mail— Ogdeo, DenTor.
Omaha, Chicago. «:*3»
' 7i00r Oregon »ud CalUornta KxpreM.Hao.
rnineiiti*, Marjifiile, Uolillnj,
1'ortlau.f. Tiigat HoiiihI ami Kasi ItSSA
•i«3rSan Pablo, Pur* Coats. MaiUaea
and Wai Stations lltSSa
tUHKIp Tsllejo 7ti9r
COAST DIVISION tfarraw Uan>e).
(foot ot Market Street.!
SsIAa Ne«v l( -ORiit<>*t<>le,Mai>.lo.«,Folt<ni.
BoniilerCrrek,8autaOrnzaiul Way
BUtlons fi»O»
tStlOr Kewark, CanterTllIe, flan .Io««, New
Alniadrn. Fsltaa. KmiMer Cr«ek,
Hanta Cruz sod Principal Way
Stations t 1 •»•"•«.
4il»r Newark, San Joae. LoaGatos 8i-"»»a
aOiSOr Hnnters' Excursion, San Jots and
_ Way Stations t~***f
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
ttvm III flilOlSCO— rnt *f «.rk.t 81ml (Sill I)—
t7:l* f:00 ll.-OOt.V. 1:C3 1:00 I:15M>.
rnaeiUi«3~F»«l«ri!r«.i«iT.— 1«:00 t»M HAS
10:00».ii. 13:83 8:03 t:83r.M.
COAST DITIXIOM (Broail (hajtj.
_¦ (Third and Tovrnteml Sta.)
t«il«A Oeaan View, Smith Han Francisco.. t«tUOf>
TxOOa Nan J<«» «n.l Way f>UUi>ns (Xaw
Almadett We>1u«*iUrsonlj) ltaO»
SiOOa Ran Jom. Trea Pliioa. Hunt* «,'rn».
Pacilio iirote. Pato Itnbtea. Man
I.iiia Oltitnii, Kiitf, Lompoc and
Principal Way RUUitlis 4>l»»
IOi4«A Han Josa and Way Station*. «iXi4
IIiSOa h»ii ,lo»« >n<l WayftUUensw 8>SO»
fa<«Sr San Matro. Itedwood. Msolo Park,
Palo Alto, Santa Clara, San Josa.
- Trea Pino*, Santa Crux, Salinas,
llonUreyand Pacffie Grove |l«i884
f«i3«r SaoJoteaiid Way Stations 7i3«r
t4siar8anJo.sai.-l Principal Way Stations 01-13*
t3:0*r S*n Joae, Loa Gatoa sad Principal
--•¦•? WajStatlou* fDiOva
StSOr San J«i» ami Principal Way SUtiODt BiBSa
StBOr San Jose and Way Stations t": fl( *A
SlliHf Ssn JeaaandWay Station*. ........ 7»3ttp
A for Monilug. P tot Aftarnooa.
t Hnnitay axeented. I Bvnday oaijk }
t Mondays, Wednesday*. TrUtaja. ,
e Tuesdays, Thnr»daji, Boadajm,
a Satarday j>nl f, - — *"
CALIf ORNIA NQBTH¥E$TE1H II. Cft
SA*I FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlburon F«rry, Foot of JtarXct St
fian Francisco to San Rafael.
TIBXJRON FERRY— FOOT OB 1 MARKET ST.
WEEK DATS— 7:30, »:00. 11:00 a. m.; 02:J5, t:J».
6:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra, trip at U:*J
p. m. Eaturdays-Extra trips at 1:50 and
U:S0 p. m.
STINDAT&-8:00. 1:30. 1140 s, m.| 1:30. 1:*J.
6:». C.-30 p. m.
Van Karaol to Saa Francisco.
WEEK DATS-«:». 7:H>, 9:20; 11:10 «. ra.; 13:45.
$:40, 5:19 p. m. Saturdajrs- Extra trips at 1:U
and 1:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:10. 1:40, 11:14 a. m.1 1:40. 1:40.
5:05, e:2S p. m.
Between San Francisco and Schuetzea Par*.
iama tcheaala as above.
Leava I In Kflect I Arrtra .
Baa yraaclsoo. |IC<nr. 7. MOO. I Saa Trwtelmoa*
Weak J Bnn- I ) Bnn- I Wt«si
Days. Idayt. f Destination. \ day. | Pars.
7:10 am l:Mam Norito. 10:40 am 1:40 am
t:30pm 1:30 am Petaluma, «:0S pm W:13 am
' 6:10 pm 5:00 pm Santa Rosa. 7:35 pm *:22 pat
Falton, . •
T:SO am Windsor, uaua
Htaldsburf,
Iiytton.
GayssrrUlaw
»-M ptn t^O am Clorardala. Tag pm t-.St pa
7 JO ami •¦¦ Hoplaad 1 j
I 1:00 am) and Ualah. j I'M pm iM pm
7:30 am 10:25 am
8:00 am auernevills. T:S pin
I:W pm • • - ' tiOvm
7:30 am I:C0am " Sonoma »:15am S:4Dam
< . and
8:10 pm 5:00 pm Glen Ellen. 8:05 pm (:23 pm
7:30 ami 8:00 ami . ]10:40 am|W:M am
3:30 pm| 5:00 pmj Scbaatopol. f 7:38 pm| t:23 pm
I Stages cennect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs and White Sulphur Springs; at Fulton
for Altrurta: at Lytton (or Lytton Sprtnss; at
Geyservllle for Skaggs Springs; at Cloverdala
for tha Geysers; at Hopland for Duncan
Springs. Highland Springs. Kelseyvllle. Carls-
bad Springs, Soda Bay. Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs; at Uklah for Vichy Springs. Saratoga
t-prlngs. Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake. 'Witter
Bprlnss. Upper Lake. Porno, Potter Valley,
John Day's, Riverside-. Lierley*s Bucknell'a.
Banhedrin Heights. Hullvllle. Orr'aHot Springs.
Mendoclno City. Fort Brassr. Weatport. Usal.
Wllletts. LaytonTille, Cummins*. Bell's Sprtnsa.
Harris,' Olsens. Dyer, Scotia and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates.
' On Sundays, round-trip tteksta to all points
'beyond San Rafael at half rates.
-Ticket office, 650 Markrt Bt.. Chronicle build-
ing-. R. X. RTAN,
H.: C. WHITING. Gen. Pass. Agt.
/--.-. Pen. . Manager. "
MOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
* Via SaasaSto Ferry— Foot of Market St
IV, am ratN. ' an. sin vsan.
9:!5a.M.) wpttt n»vn (5:Wr.ir.
1:43 r. m. V— ~ — w**" 1 *- UATS — — . ' «;25 r. x.
4:OOr. m.) Stajover night at tbe tavkbv (10:35 a.m.
33X) A. M.) f 1:00 r.M.
1:15 r.u.) [&::>ip.u.
Fare. Sin Francisco to Summit and Return. $l.*J.
Ticket Offices. 621 Market St., & Sausallto Ferry.
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
62O KEAHXT ST. Established
In 1834 for tbe treatment <>f I'rlvHW
Diviases, Lout JI»nfio«J. Debility or
<Hm- a«^ we.iringnn body and mind and
Skin Diseases. The Doctor en reswlim
others fall. Try him. Charges low.
«"nr«"» {namnlrfrt. Cailorwni*.
Dr. JT. r. «IBBOS, «an Francisco. C«J. _ ¦
'_' OCEAN" TBAVEL. ,
'Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
V • Steamers leave Broadway
Qfek. wharf. San Francisco:
BBUMftr " - For Alaskan Ports— 11 a, m.,
K^^Nt, ' March 17. 22. 27. April 1.
Change to company's steamers
i8SK?§ft_23tl • For Victoria, Vancouver (B.
iM|| [r 3ijaBB»a c.). Port Townsend. Seattle,
I f. *m&S&im Tacoma, Everett, Anacortes
and New Whatcom 'Wash.)—
¦ " rz* 11 a. m.. March 17.' 22. 27,
» Pr S * ana ever y tltth day the-reafter. Change
at Seattle for this company's steamers for
Alaska and G. N. Ry.j at Seattle or Tacoma
to N. p. Rjr. : at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
.« For Eurek a» Humboldt Bay— 2 p. m.. March
18. 24. 29. April », and every fifth day there-
nfter. ¦-¦¦•.'
s For San Dieg-o. stopping only at Santa Bar-
bara. Port Los Angeles and Redondo (Los An-
geles)— Steamer Queen. Wednesdaya, 9 a. m. ;
steamer Santa Rosa. Sundays. 9 a, m.
For Santa Cruz, Monterey, San Simeon. Cay-
i ucas. Port Harford (San Luis Oblspo). Gaviota.
Santa Barbara. Ventura, Hueneme, San Pedro,
East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and Newport-
Steamer Corona, Fridays, 9 a. va.; steamer Bo-
nlta, Tuesdays, 9 a. m:
.For Ensenada. Magdalena Bay, San Josa del
Cabo. Ma2atlan. Altata, La Paz. Santa Rosalia
and Guaymas (Mex.)— 10 a. m.. 7th each month.
For further Information obtain company's
fcWers. • ¦ .-• •
The company reserves th« right to change
steamers, sailing dates and hours of Bailing
I without previous notice.
i TICKET OFFICE —4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOOD ALL, PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agts.,
- . ¦ 10 Market st., San Francisco.
THE 0. ft. & It, GO.
©ISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
From Spear-street Wharf at ' 11 a. ra.
CARC $12 First Class Including Berth
iMflL $8 Second Clasi ar>a Meals.
COLUMBIA sails Mar. 24, Apr. t
GEO. W. ELDER sails...... Mar. 19. 29, Apr. 8
1 Short Line to Walla Walla, Spokane. Butte,
Helena and all points 'in, tha Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East.
E. C. WARD, General Agent.
¦' 1 Montgomery st.
AMERICAN LINE.
IK? YORK. SOUTH « KPT0S, L05D0S. TlSOX
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York Every Wednesday at 10 a. m.
Vaderland ......Mar. 27lVadertand ......April 17
St. Louts April 3 St. Louis.. April 24
New York April 10-New York.: May 1
RED STAR LINE;
N«W York .and Antwsra.
. From New York Every Wednesday, 12 noon.
Noordland ......Mar. 27|Westernland ...April 17
Fiiesland April 3 Kensington ....April 24
Southwark April 101 Zeeland May 1
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO.,
CHAS. D. TAYLOR, General Agent,
Paclflo Coast, 20 Montgomery it.
TOYO KISENKAISHA
STEAMERS "WTLt. LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, at 1 p. m..
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hlogo), Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for
India, etc. No cargo received on board on day
cf.salllnsr.- ¦ -
SS. AMERICA MARU... Friday, March 15, 1901
m. HOXGKONG MARU..Tuesday, April 9. 1901
SS. NIPPON MARU.... Friday. May 3. 1901
. Rr«ind-trlp tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's office,
Market street, corner First.
r W. H. AVERY. General Agent.
oceanic$.8xo.ssi
SS. MARIPOSA (Honolulu only)..
......Saturday. March. 16. 2 o. m.
SS AUSTRALIA.- for Tahiti...
. Thursday, March 21, 2 p. m.
SS. SONOMA, for Honolulu, Samoa, New
Zealand and Australia
.........Wednesday, March 27, 9 d. m.
J. D.SPRECKEIS & BEOS. CO., Emeral Agents. 327 Harht St
Sen'l Passenger 0fta,.643 lartst St., Pier lo. 7, Pac:Ss St
PANAMA ¦ : H,.H.S5S
To NEW YORK via PANAMA Direct
Cabin. (tlOS; Steerage. If! 1O.
S. S. Argyll sails Saturday, Mar. 23.
S. S. Boanoke sails Tuesday, April 2.
S. S. — sails Tuesday, April 16.
From wharf, foot of Lombard st., at 2 p. ra.
Freight and passenger office, 330 Market st.
F. F. CONNOR. Paciflc Coast Agent.
PACIFIC STZAK NAVIGATION CO. AND
C0MPANIA SOD AMERICANA SE VAP0HES
To Valparaiso, stopping; at Mexican, Central
and South American ports. Sailing:
SS. TUCAPEk ....March 21, 1901
SS. AREQUIPA April 4. 1901
S3. LIMARI ...April 17. 1901
SS. PERU April—, 1901
At 12 m. from Section 2. Seawall.
These steamers are built expressly for Cen-
tral and South American passenger service.
(No change at-AcapuIc3 or Panama.) Freight
and passenger office, 316 California street.
¦ BALFOUR, GUTHRIB & CO., Agents.
HAMBURG-AMERICAN LINE.'
Twin-Screw Express Service.
PLTMOUTH— CHERBOURG— HAMBURG.
A. Victoria April UlColumbia .......May J
Deutechland ...April 18 IF. Bismarck.... May 9
Twin-Screw Passenger Service.
PLTMOUTH— CHERBOURG— HAMBURG.
Pennsylvania March W| Pretoria April IS
•Bulgaria April 6i»Phoenlcla .....April 20
•Sails to Hamburg direct.
Hamburg-American Line, 37 B'way. N. Y,
HERZOa & CO.. General Agents for Paclflo
Coast, 401 California street.
COMPAGNIS GENERALS TRAHSATLANTIQUB.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. _ J .- )fc>
Sailing every Thursday. Instead of
Saturday, at 10 a. m., from f Pier 42. -^naul***
North River, foot of Morton street. First-class
to Havre, $55 and upward. Second clasa to
Havre, H5 and upward. GENERAL AGENCY
FOR UNITED STATES and CANADA. 32
Broadway (Hudson building). New York. J.
V. FUGAZI & CO., Pacific Coast Aarents. 5
Montgomery avenue, San Francisco. Tickets
sold by all Railroad Ticket Agents.
EAILWAY TBAVEL
Santa Fe
Trains- Daily.
Leave Market-Street »*«rry Depot.
Local Lim'd Ovrl'd Local
r Dally. Dally. Dally. DaUy.
Lv. San Fran 7:20 a 9:00 a 8:00 p 4:20 p
Ar. Stockton. 10:23 a 11:45 a 11:08 p 7:23 p
•• Merced .. 12:25 p 1:17 p 1:15 a ........
¦". : Fresno .. 2:20 p 2:35 p 8:06 a ««..?„
" Hanford 4:22 p 3:27 p 7:«6 a
" Vlsalla . 4:10 p 4:10 p 4:45 a . M
"Tulare .. 4:27 p 4:27 p 8:05 a
"Bksfleld C:50 p tJOp 7:30 a ........
" Kan." Cty ......... 2:41a 7:80 a ....._
'"Chicago ..^ 2:15 p »:00 p ..„„..
a for morning, p for afternoon.
8:00 a, m. train is the California Limited.
Carrying- Palace sleeping: Cars and Dlnlns;
Cars through to Chicago. ¦ Chair Car runs
to Bakersfleld for accommodation of local
first class passengers. No second class
tickets are honored - on this train. - • Cor-
responding train arrives at 5:55 p. ra. dally.
-¦ 4:29 p. m. Is Stockton Local. - Correspond-
. Ing train arrives at 11:05 a. m. dally. -
8:00 p. m. is • the Overland Express, with
through Palace and Tourist Sleepers and
: free , Reclining: Chair Car. also Palace
'Sleeper, ¦which cuts cut at Frtsno. Corrs-.
Eponding train arrives at S:55 p. m. dally.
. 7:20 a. m. Is Bakersfleld Local, stopping
at all points In San Joaquin Valley. Corre-
sponding train arrives at 8:40 a. ra. dally.'
Of flees— 641 Market street and ' In Ferry
Depot, San Francisco: 1118 Broadway, Oak-
; land.-* > - •-:"' - .'¦¦:'¦ ~ ¦'- '¦" ¦¦ - ' -. ' ¦¦ ¦ -
VkB SfMiMlIt* F«rry.
HORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Commencing September 30. 1900.
prJOM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLEY
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK -DAYS— «:55.' •5:13, llrtO a. m.. "1:«5,
3:15. 4:00.' 5:15; •6:l5,€:40 p. m.
KXTRA - TRIPS— For r Mlir Valley and San
Rafael on * Mondays. Wednesdaya and Satur-
days at 9:00 and 11:33 p. in " »¦ HjlHjliitlifji ii imfi
SUNDAYS—^:00, •10:00. --*11:M- a. m.. n:15,
3:15, *4:45, «:30, 9:00 p. ra.
Trains marked (•) run to San Quentln, >
FROM BAN: RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO,
WEEK DAYS-6:20. »S:30. 7:45. 9:30 a, m.
•12:30, 1:45. »3:30. 4:30. 5:29 p.m. .
j EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 6:45 and 10:9) p. m.
, BL'NUAYS-«:20, '8:00. *10:00.' "ll^t a. m..
•1:40, '•2:15, v . 4:45, *6:S0 p.m. . I ,
; Trains marked (•) start from San Quentln.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO
. WEEK- DAYS— «:45.- «:45, . 7:55, 9:30 a. m.,
12:35. 2:10, 3 :30. 4:64., 6:20 p. m.
-EXTRA TRIPS oo Mondays; Wednesday*
and Saturdays at' 7:10 and. 10:20 p.m.'
. SUNDAYS— 8*5. 10:05 a. in..- 12:05. X:t8.f:30.
6:00. '6:45 p. m. ' .¦ ...... % TT-,_
¦>-.•-••-.; -; THROUGH TRAIN3.
8:55 a, • m." week days— Cazadero and way
stations. " " "w^Th'AT^tni^ii »M¥'^iMiJsjJ>"»ffkl«jai
- 1 :45 » p. m. * Saturdays — Tomales and way
stations. t^_--— t3~*tM-JiflHS"«»a»"^itag<»»»J8Jsas^
v 8:00 a. n. Sundays — Tomales and way
stations.
BAYf AND) BIVEB : STEAMERS. '
FOR U. S. HAYY YARITANO VALLEJO.
; Steamer '-''{Wontlcello."
' MON.V TueB^Wed.; Thurs. and Eat. %.t 8:45
a. m., S:J5. 8:30 p.* m.- (ex. Thursday nlght);'Frl-
daya, 1 p. m. and 8:30; 'Sundays, 10:30 a. m., 8
p. m. ¦ Landing- and , office. Mission-street Dock.'
Pl»r No. 1 Telephone Mala 1508. ~\T?.
IlEAL LSTATE COCVTItY— For Sale
A GOOD general farm, 160 acres; Zj culti\ T aled;
balance wooded hill (lasiurage; fenced; liv-
ing etream; well; farcily orchard: residence,
tarn, etc.: S*4 mile*" from two railroad sta-
tions; Sonoma County; I33CO. Onlv J1130; 10
• ?r«s. bordf-rir.s living »treara; richest level
alluvial and rolling luud; 169 bearing trees;
t-rocm residence, l>a,rs. well, etc.; only one
mile from Napa, Remember I'm accurately
acquainted vei'A more country property lor
rale and exchance than all ether agents In
Eon Francisco: VnM ranches on »y list. State
what's wanted and cct reliable descriptions '
cf bargEins. N. ;>. SICKELS, the I*nd
Agent. < Geary *t.. Pan Francisco.
UTTFT be sold; 60 acres near Pleacanton. Ala-
rstaa County; all level land; fronts on county
roG4; house, barn, etc.; well and running
*-ater: in crop for grain; price $4000. Includ-
ing <ju£rt»r Ei-owlng crop. Call Immediately,
H. H. CRANE, so? California ft.
AN exceptionally charming, highly Improved
asfl fully equipped RO-acre foothill ranch. <
m!l^» by level road from Napa: only *J8S8. N.
P. EICKELS— the— LAND AGENT. 6 Geary.
A CHEAP little ranch of SO acre* near R. R.
town; Alameda County: bouse, barn, poultry
nouies, etc. ; plenty of rood water; price $:000;
get particulars of this. H. H. CRANE. tOS Cat.
CHEAPEST and bm in Amer-.ca-Th« Weekly
Call. 18 paees, sent to any address In the
"riltca ytates or Canada one yi»ar for JL
REALTY TO EXCHANGE.
MARION GRIFFIN. ~ ~-~~~~~~~ '
Tl* Market, near Call bids;. TeL Black 1803.
I have a long list cf city and country prop-
wty for eal« and exchange. Please call,
IM.00&— UNENCUMBERED brick building, all
rented, for dry goods or general m«-rchan-
&%**. A&ime Ownpr, box 2302. CalU Oakland.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
AL1HEDA IlEAL ESTATK.
???9— CALL and see these.
flOOO— Cottages near schools and
|:ico — Stations.
t::0O— Modern cottage 6 rooms; lot |53xl 4S; near
Morton etatlon.
12200— Modern cottage C rooms; lot 50x120;
terms to suit.
rum!*hed and ur.furnisbed houses to rent.
CHARLES ADAMS & CO.. Bay station, Ala-
tnada.
A BPLENDID opportunity to buy or build at
Morton st. or Encinal Park stations; 2
new houses now buildinjr; call And ret -prices;
you will . be atrwably surprised. J. H.
YOtTNG. builder. IZ43 Park Bt.
FRUITVALE ADVERTISEMENTS
FBUITVALE REAL ESTATE.
t»00— J-ROOM house with latest Improve-
ments, Including electric lights; lot &0xl£S; a
bargain: beautiful view.
fZ&OO — 8-room house; all modern Improve-
ments; corner lot. 50x35S; In beautiful Frult-
vale: terms easy. Call or address A. H. PE-
TERSON ft CO.. C8 Ter.th et.. Oakland.
it)R sale— A country home: line grounds; house
of • rooms: 10 minutes' walk of local trains:
-on Harwards electric road. Frultvale P. O-.
box 120. _^
HAYWARDS REAL ESTATE.
|T:!»-BAROAIS! Fine bome In Hay wards!
Modern cottage. 5 rooms and basement; ban,
mill and tank; 1 1-10 acres all tn choice fruit;
fine view; cost J4000. Address C. PROWSE.
H»>Trar<;g. Cal.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAXD REAL ESTATE.
l~?t^oT?L^r~^00~^uibT^baTancT~^easy^ new
bumralow ccttajre 6 rooms, porcelain bath and
latest In everything; cute and coiy; near
broad-gauge; close to cars, school and busi-
c»ss centers; would cost (3000 to duplicate.
J. 8. MTERS & CO., 10C2 Broadway. Oakland.
11600 FOR a 13000 almost r.tvr 6-room cottagt
in East Berkeley, at Dwight station; sunny
and A No. 1 neighborhood: 2 blocks from
Ftation; stone walks and street complete:
owner non-rerident: has Instructed me to cell
almost without reserve; easy terms If de-
sired. J. S MTERS & CO.. 10C2 Broadway,
Oakland.
finoo— ORIGINALLT «old for JTOOO: cottare s
roym* and bath; Mgh basement: 3 blocks
fr?m local station, public school; etreet work
crmpletp; terms if desired; this Is a posltl\e
bargain and mutt be sold. J. E. MTERS &
CO.. 1W2 Broadway. Oakland. - • -» -
A BANKER'S home, 8 rooms; grandly situated;
halt Work; matrnlflcent grounds; over {17,000
extended; quick eale; prioe {£000; going to
Europe. UTMASCE REAL ESTATE CO..
460-4C2 Elchth et.. Oakland.
FOR 5AT-E— House and lot. East Oakland; no
rfa^onaMe offer reused. Owner, J. L. WAL-
TER, 63 South Spring «t.. Los Angeles.
LOT 3 In plat <5. IMedmont Park, as a whole
cr !n part to suit. ALFRED J. KELLEHER,
r?4 -Clay »t.. F. F. • ¦
OAKLAND FLATS TO LET.
ABOUT completed — 6-room flats, entirely mod-
ern; I blocks from railroad station In choict
residence uectlrm, $20 to $27 ftt per month.
HERON & HOLCOMB. 10f.n Broadway.
"AKI..4MJ Ftn.MTlRB FOR SALE."
AN Introduction to you from H. Schellhaas. the
furniture dealer, 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
BOOMS KOIt HOCSEKEEPI.\C.
EDDY, ?SS— J large connecting rooms; newly
TapTefi; private residence; no children.
FOLBOM. 77e»*— 2 neatly furnished connectlcr
rooms with stove; reasonable,
GOLDEN GATE ave., SU-Unfnrnlehed rooms;
no children.
GOT7GH, 1*C8 — Four runny unfurnished rooms;
.reasonable; references exchanged.
HOWARD, 17G3— Nice Bunny bay-window room;
also eir.gle one for n'msekeepinf;.
MARKET, 21* — 3 sunny connecting unfurnished
honwke^pini? rooms; sink and bath.
MINNA^ is— Sunny furnished front housekeep-
_ ing end tingle room?.; cheapest In the city.
MINNA. 1T2. near Third — Houwk**ping rooms
elng1« or s-ulte, $2 60: also others at Jl 25.
MIFSION, FC3— 1 front housekeeping room, suit-
able for 2. 11 :¦'< :>t «eek.
OCTAVIA. UC3. cor. Geary — Larsre sunny room
and kitchen complete; also single for two.
FECOND. 212— Furnished housekeeping rooms;
neat, eiean end respectable; reasonable.
BHOTWELL. 121, near Sixteenth— 2 furnished
. front rooms for light housekeeping; «>beap.
EIXTH, Ml— Sunny front and back parlor for
housekeeping, $10; eingle room with ftove, 15.
ETANTAN. 1248. near Park—4 sunny unfur-
nished rooms; no children: rent $8. -¦ '.
1 WTNTT-TniHI), S72S. near Dolores — 2 or 1
runny bay-window rooms; neat and dean.
TURK, ESS— Parlor floor cf I rooms for hotise-
keeplng. tS5. pr 2 rooms, tit.
VALENCIA. 1222— t, 2 cr I furnished rooms for
light housekpg; sunny; ess, bath; near depot
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch ofOce. 2200 F111mor« st.
A BRAXCH efnee for Call advertisements and
FuriEcriptioni hat been eetablisbed at 1096
. Valencia Et.
IIOOMS TO LET— Fora, and I'nforn.
.ARGTLE. The (Jan opened). McAllister St.,
corner Larkin-Eleeant and tastefully fur-
rithfd Euitec, uith or without baths; also
•inrle rooms; eteam heated; liveried service;
r**dlnff-roora: electric elevator all nls/ht:
theee rooms have to b* eeen to be appre-
ciated; references; room* shown In evening.'
__ jjQQjjg 11_ TO LET.
A — F"or rooms, apartments, faousek*eping. fur-
nished, unfurnished, with or without board,
fneet In <-lty, •** ELDER BOOM ItENTINQ
CO.. Tt Kcamy tt.. tel. 22U Red. _^
AHLBOTIN HOTEL. 221 Grant ave.— Best dol-
lar a day family hotel In city; polite attend-
ance; large rcoms; modern conveniences
rooms 60c up; Crrt class meals 25c; free coach.
A-BRUNSWICK HOUSE, H8 Blxth-Rooras
25c to II per nisrbt; II :; to IJ per week, and
light housekeeping room*; open all night.
ANTONIO. 14. bet. Ellis and O'EarreU.' off
Jor.es— I 6«nny rooms;' large yard and cellar.
BURNETT. H-8 Markrt fold No. 1J64)— Fur-
nished rms.. suiter, single; also unfurnished.
GEART. 11J7— Newly furnlrhed rooms; bot and
cold water; bath; phone East 233.
GllAND SOUTHERN, southeast corner Seventh
and Mission sts. — Sunny roams, en suite or
tingle; ladles' parlor; reading-room; elevator.
LANGTON, tit, off Bryant— Furnished room.
MARKET. 1055. opP- Jooes— F'urnlsb.ed euncy
rooms, single or double: bath. -
NATOMA. 245-Furnlshed rooms to r«it: pHee
tl and $1 55 per week; housekeeping. $1 CO.
ICEW ARLINGTON. 101S Market et.— Nicely
furnished rooms, $2 a week tip; 35c a day up.
OTAHRELL, KK-Sunny furnished room*, and
offices; elevator: elec. lights; day, wk.. ma
POPT. etm, near Taylor— Large tunny front
rootce, cicely furnished.
I 51?® MS TO LnT Porn, nnd L'nfurn.
ROYAL' House, 12C Ellis— Incandescent light;
readlng-rocm, smoklns-rocm and ladles' par-
lor; rooms, per night, £>c to tl 50: week, $2 to
S$; month. $8 to $10; 'elevator on ground floor;
rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
UOSEDALE House. JljT-S:i Ellis St.— Rooms,
night. 25c to fit week, $125 to $4; open night.
SHERMAN Apartment House. 28 Eighth St.,
near Market — Furnished or unfurnished. *
TAYLOR. 108— Sunny rooms en suite and sln-
gle; ft menth; 23c per night.
THE BERLIN. I3S Kearny— Elegant «ultes;
single rocms; runnlr.g water; transient.
VAN NliSS, 1612— Elegant sunny alcove, newly
furnl*h«<J. with connecting dressing room;
also l^rge sunny room; gentlemen.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch of nee, "2C0 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
pubfcriptlons has been established at 10S6
Val»ncia Et. >
IIOOMS AND HOARD.
AT the old Stevenson mansion, cpp. Grace
Church, with annex £07 California St.. may
be found a meet exceptionally good table, at-
tractive ana sightly roams at modest rates.
EDDY. CSS arvinsdale)— Nice sunny front room
¦with board; other rcoms: reasonable.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
$159,090 TO loan en 1st mortgages; will loan on
80 per rent; easy paytnents;" "mutual plan.
Apply M. J.. box 1476. Call office.
BAD tenants ejected for M; collections made;
city cr country. PACIFIC COLLECTION CO..
415 Mortpomery St.. rorms 9-10: tel. 55M).
SHOW CARDS ASP POSTERS.
SHOW cards, window tickets, posters. DES-
MOND. 1170 Market, r. 103. phone Folnom 15W
SEWIXG 3IACIII.NES AXD SUPPLIES.
ALL Ulnds bought, eold and repairing guaran-
teed. Charles Plambeck. 1913 Mission, nr. 15th.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged, re-
paired; open even.; phone Black 1124, 205 4th.
BOUGHT, eold, rented, repaired; needles and
thuttles: reduced rates. 145 6th; phone Mint 5.
STORAGE AXD WAREHOUSES.
PIEPXE-RODOLPH^StoragT^inTlSoTMng^Co^
office. Post and Powell sts.: tel. Main 5713.
PACIFIC Storape and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2320 Flllmore St.; phone Jackson 281.
GOLDEN WEPT Storage Warehouse. 840 Mis-
sion St.; tel. Mint 1KL F. W. ZEHFUSS.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co.. 722 Mission St.;
«el. Main 1840; shipping at cut rates.
TRI'ISES. *
MANUFA'R; elastic stockings, shoulder braces,
supporters made, repaired. Menge. £03 Kearny.
TYPEWRITERS AXD SUPPLIES.""
GREAT BARGAINS IN'' TTPEWRITERS^Ws
sell better mcahines for less money than any
house In the city; rentals. $3. The Typewriter
Exchange. E36 California; telephone Main 268.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND notice— Dividend No. 89 (twenty-
five cents per share) of the Hutchlnson Su-
frar Plantation Co. will be payable at the
office of the company, 327 Market st. on and
after WEDNESDAY. March 20. 1901. Trans-
fer books close on Thursday, March 14. 1901,
at 3 o'clock p. m.
G. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
LEGAL ADVERTISEMENTS?"
IN the Superior Court of the City and County
of Fan Francisco, Stats of California— In the
matter of Honolulu Sugar Company, a cor-
poration, upon He application for a Judgment
of dissolution. Notice.— No. 75.3S7. Dept. 10.
Notice is hereby given that Honolulu Fugar
Compar.y. a corporation organized and exist-
ing under and by virtue of the laws of the
State of California, and having Its office and
place of business In the city and county of
Ban Francisco. State of California, has filed
Its application., duly verified and signed by a
majority of Its board of directors, addressed
to the Superior Court of the city and county
of San Francisco, State of California, pray-
ing for a Judgment of dissolution of said
corporation: and that Monday. March 25th.
1901. «t 19 o'clock a.m.. at the courtroom of
said court. Department No. 10, In the City
Hall of the city and county of San Fran-
cisco, have been appointed as the day. time
and plac« for the hearing of said application.
In witness whereof I have hereunto eet my
hand- and affixed the official seal of said Su-
perior Court, this 20th day of February. 190L
rSeall WM. A. DEANE, Clerk.
By E. M. THOMPSON. Dermtv Clerk. (Tn-
£orsed.> Filed Feb. M. 1901 WM. A. DEANE.
Ct»rk. by B. M. THOMPSON. Deputy Clerk.
EXTENSION of protest— Captain W. Wllmsen.
master of the German ship Otto GUdemels-
ter of Bremen, will extend his protest on
Saturday, March 18. 1901. at 10 o'clock a. m..
at the office of the Imperial German Con-
sulate In this city. . 31S- Sacramento st. San
FrsnciPeo, March 13, 1901. O. LOHAN, Im-
rerlai German Vic? Consul.
PROPOSALS.
NOTICE TO ARCHITECTS-General Instruc-
tions to competitor* for drtignlng and fur-
nlshlng plans for «. hospital for the German
General Benevolent Society can now -be ob-
tained at the office. 3ft> Geary ft. ¦
THK BITILPTXO COMMITTEE.
BLASRIAGE LICENSES.
The following: marriace licenses ¦were Issued
yesterday:
A rend Van VllBslngen. 85. Chicago, and Jean-
ette M. Waldron. 36. Chicago.
Gustavoe F. L. von Braun, 26. 915'/5 Market
street, and Mary I. Adge. 27, Rio Vista.
Albert P. Thompson. 24. Sacramento, and
Laura F. Behrens, !8, Sacramento.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS, '
Birth, marriage and death notices eent by
mall will not be Inserted. They must be handed
In at either of the publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the eame published.
BORN.
WIEGNER— In this city. March 7, 1901, to the
wife of FVedriek Wlegner. a daughter.
~ MABBIED. —
EIEOX-ANDREWS-In this city. March 14,
1901. by the Rev. Philip Coombe. George M.
Eicon and Jeanette Andrews, both of San
Francisco. ¦ - ¦ * '
DIED.
Bollier. Elizabeth Labelle. Mrs. Ellen
Connor, William I*. Landel. Huch -
Curley, Daniel J. Lavorel. Plerrs
De Rome. Mrs. Catb- Levy, Johanah
erlne A. Lfmdels, Huch
Doolittle. Ira R. Leary. Patrick C.
Dowsett. George Lillard. John J.
Eddy. Mrs. Elisabeth McAIeer. Hugh.
Khiers, Lena. McKIver, Ltzzla
Feneliua. Frank B. McManus, Bridget
Griffith, Hannah M. Masele, Mary
Hansen. Alvin C Mitchell. Ella M.
Hauck. May Perry, William
Hazen. Violet Scelzo. Lulcl
Hollman. Alice I*. Bohulte, William
Johnson. Andrew Wheaton. Florence B.
BOLLIER— In this eity. March 15. 1901. Eliza-
beth Boll l»r, beloved mother of Mrs. Lizzie
Pobax and John, Charles. Emma and the late
Paul and Julius Bollier, a native of Alstedt,
Canton of Zurich. Switzerland, aged 7! years
7 months and 23 days.
E7Fr!ends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock, from th* residence
of her son, 2751 Harrleon street, thence to
Ealem Evangelical Church, corner Twenty-
Eecond and Bhotwell streets, where services
will be held, eommendnr at 2 o'clock. In-
terment Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
CONNOR— In this city. March 14, 1901. Wll-" 1
Ham Leo, dearly beloved eon of Mr. and Mrs.
William Connor, a native of Saa Francisco,
aired 15 years and 1 month.
C7"Tbe -funeral will take place this day
(Saturday), at 12:30 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of his parents, 167 Linden avenue,
thence to Bt. Joseph's Church, Tenth »treet,
for services. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery.
CURLET-In this city, March 15, 1901, Daniel
j. Curley, dearly beloved son of Delia and
the late Michael Curley, and beloved brother
of Mrs. 3. 3. Doherty, Mra. Tbwnaa Healey
and Mary. Peter, John, Annie, Thomas and
William Curley. a native of San Francisco,
aeed 23 years 7 months and II days. A
member of Company M, First Regiment, N.
Q. C. . '
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.
(Successor to Flannairan & Gallagher.)
DANIEL P. DONOVAN, Mgr.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMER3.
10 Fifth st.. opposite Lincoln School.
- . - . ¦ Telephone South 80.
Eugene McGinn. . McGINN BROS.
Funeral Directors and Embalmers.'JMSw
31 KDDT STRELT.
Telephone South 252. San Francisco.
No Connection With Any Other House.
TO WHOM IT MAY CONCERN.
The undertaking business of the late CHAS
J. B. METZLER will -hereafter be conducted
under the same firm name of -CHA«J,»" J.-.B
METZLER. at «36 Washington St.. San Fran-
cisco, by, H. METZLER, proprietor.
San Francisco. Cal.. March 11, 1301.
MARCH U, itCl-Fhave this day sold my in-
terest In the undertaking business of CHAS.
J. B. METZLER to H. METZLER, and am
not responsible for - any outstanding debts
CHAS. L. METZLER. " i
McALEBK- In this city. March 18. 1901, Hugh
McAIeer, beloved husband of Mary A. Mc-
Aleer, and beloved father of Minnie, Tlllie,
Margaret, Sarah, Lillian and Andrew Mc-
AIeer, a native of County Tyrone, Ireland,
aged 55 years 3 months and 25 days. , .
C7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 2:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 307 Thirtieth street. Interment I. O.
O. F. Cemetery. " ,. . ¦
McKIVER— In this city, March 14. 1901, Lizzie
McKIver, a native of County Antrim, Ire-
land, acred M years. - ' . .
JC7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 8 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors of McGinn Bros., 31 Eddy . street,
thence to St. Dominic's Church, where a sol-
emn requiem mass will be celebrated for the
repose of her soul, commencing at 9 o'clock.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery. .
McMANUS— In Oakland. March 15, 1901. Brid-
get McManus, beloved wife of Patrick Mc-
Manus. ¦ a native of Ireland, aged 82 years.
E7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 1003 ' Seventh street, thence to the
Church of the Immaculate Conception for
- services, commencing at 2 o'clock.- Interment
St. Mary's Cemetery, Oakland. • «;
MASSIEWn the City and County Hospital."
March 15, 1901. Mary Massle. a native of
Ireland, aged 40 years. \ -, . . f
MITCHELL— In this city, March 18, 1901, Ella
Marguerite, dearly beloved daughter of Man-
uel and Margaret Mitchell, and granddaugh-
ter of Mrs. J. Kelly, a native of Pajaro,
Monterey County. Cal., aged 12 years 11
months and 21 days. - • ¦
(CTThe funeral will take place this ¦. da>-
(Saturdar), at 2:20 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of her grandmother, 69 South Park,
thence to ¦ St. Rote's Church for services.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery. ¦ •
PEHRY- In this city, March 14, 1901, "William
Perry, a native of England, aged 45 year*
and 11 months. ,
ETTrlends are respectfully Invited 'to at-
tend the funeral this day (Saturday), at I
. o'clock, at his ¦ late > residence. 8318 Eacra-
mento etreet. ¦; Interment private.
BCELZO—In 8an Joee,- March 15, 1801, Lulgl
Scelro. beloved father, of -Nancy Scelzo, a
nativ* of Italy, aged 64 years. \
SCHULTE— In this city. March 15, MftL : Wil-
liam Schulte. beloved father of, Mra. /Louisa'
Wilkinson and Emil Schulte. and grand-
father of Annie. Frances and Marguerite
Paul, a native of Germany, aged 47 years 6
¦ months and 28 days. ¦ A member of Harmony
U(!g* No. 8, A. O. V. W. r". •¦
%y Remains at the parlors of the United
Undertakers, 27 and , 29 Fifth street. Notice
of funeral hereafter. . .
WHEATON— In this city/ 4 March 14, 1301, Plor-
¦ ence E., ¦ beloved daughter •. of Sheridan ¦ and
Mary K. Wheaton, a native of Grants \ Pans,
Or., aged 3 years 6 months and 15 days. 7]
THOMAS GRIFFITHS. M. W.
WILLIAM J. B. WARNER, Recorder.
DE ROME— In this eity. March 13. 19C1. Mrs. I
Catherine A.- dt Home, beloved mother of
¦. Wilfred. Louis. Albert. Louise • and ¦ George j
de Rome and Mrs. .W. Corcoran, a native of
Vermont, aged 72 y*>ars . 6 montns ; and ' 14
days. (Buffalo, X. Y., papers please copy.)
tcy Friends and acquaintances are respect- ;
. fully Invited to attend the funeral services j
to-morrow (Sunday), at 1 o'clock, at the ;
residence «£ her son, Louts de Rome. 1076
Fifty-ninth ftreet, Oakland. Take Berkeley
train. Golden Gate, station. ,
DOOLITTXK— In this city. March 15. 1901. at
Hotri. St.- Nicholas. Ira R. Doolittle, bfloved
husband of Mre. B. 11. Doolittle. and father
of Mm. J. Knowlton. Miss M. W. Doolittla
nnd James 11. Doollttle, a native of *. New
Ilampehtre, aged 75 years 4 months -. and - 13
diys. (Boston and Maine papers please copy.)
ETTrtends and acquaintances are respect-
¦¦ fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), nt 1:15 o'clock, from the parlors
of Hotel St. Nicholas. Interment Cypress
' Lawn Cemetery, by special train leaving Va-
lencia-street station at 2:40 o'clock. ;
DOWSETT — In this city, March H, 19C1,
Georee. beloved husband of Mary Dowsett,
and father of Georce. William. Paul and
John Dowsett. a native 'of England, ased 70
years 2 months and 14 days.
E7"Frionds and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend th« funeral this day
(Saturday), at 10 o'clock, .from his late resi-
dence, £31 Lombard street, near Kearny. In-
terment Cyrress Lawn Cemetery.
EDDY— In this city, March 14, 1901. Mrs- Eliza-
beth Eddy, relict of the late John Eddy, a
native of Cornwall, England, aeed 81 years
and C months. ' ...
HJTrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully htvlted to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from St. John's Pres-
byterian Church, corner California and Octa-
vla streets.
EHLERS-ln Germany, Lena, beloved wife of
A. Ehlers, daughter of II. A. Voss, and sis-
ter of Mrs. B. D. Baldwin of Maul and- Mrs.
J. Gllllg and Heary Voss.
FENELIUS-In this oity, March 15, 1901. 'Frank
Benjamin, beloved son of Otto and Christine
Fenelius, and brother of Adolp. Alfred and
. Edward Fenelius, Mrs. A. A. Herrsott an 1
. Mrs. C. J. Lowe, a native of San Francisco,
ased 13 years 4 months and 23 days.
C^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Monday.
March IS. at 1 o'clock, from 2383 Twenty-
' flrrt street, between Folsom and Harrison.
Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
GRIFFITH— In San Maleo, March 15, 1901,
Hannah M. Griffith, widow of the late, John
W. Griffith, and mother of Mrs. John H.
Doane, a native of New Jersey, aiced 72
years.
CTXotlce of funeral hereafter.
HANSEN— In San Mateo, March 14, 1901. Alvin
Christian, beloved son of C. W. and Mar-
puerite Hansen, and brother of Edna. Edwin,
Mabel and Hazel Hansen. a native of Cali-
fornia, aged 8 years -7 months and 7 flays.
CTThe funeral will take place this day
(Saturday). Bervicea will be held in Cypress
Lawn Chapel at 1. o'clock. .
HAUCK— In Centerville, May. beloved wife of
George Hauck, mother of Ernst, Henry and
Grace Hauck. and daughter of Henry Greg-
ory of Centerville, aged 30 years 3 months
and 19 days. i ¦ ¦ -. .
fry Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday),- at 1 o'clock, from her late resl-
HAZEN-In this city, March 15, 1901. Violet
Hazen, wife of L. J. Hazen. daughter of Mr.
and Mrs.. G. A. Tolman. and sister of Mrs.
Charles Graves and Eb., George and Kva
Tolman, • a native of Salinas, aged 27 yearn
and 11 months. (San Luis Oblspo and Sa-
linas papers please ccpy.)
ICTThe remain? will be shipped to Salinas
Sunday mornlnK for Interment. Remains at
the parlors of Halsted & Co.. 946 Mission
street.
HOLLMAN (Alice Lydia)— Mr. and Mrs. Henry
Hollman wish to notify their friends and ac-
quaintances that th© final services will be
held over the remains of their belo\-ed daugh-
ter. Alice Lydia, when she will be placed in
the family vault, to-morrow (Sunday), at 3
o'clock, at Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
JOHNSON — In this city. March 14. 1901. An-
drew beloved husband of Emma G. Johnson,
and father of Maud, Gueta. Fred, May, Au-
gust and Adolph Johnson, a native of Swed-
en aged 50 years 4 months and 8 days.
icy Remains at the parlors of J. C. O'Con-
nor & Co.. 767 Mission street. Notice of fu-
neral hereafter.
LABELLE-In this city. March 18. 1901, Mrs.
i Ellen Labelle. beloved mother of Ella and
Gregorie Labelle. Mre. Otto Barffl and Mrs.
James Brossolt and Mrs. H. R. Burp of
Montana, a native of Glasgow, Scotland,
aped 62 years 10 months and 12 days. . ¦
tTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this cay
(Saturday), at 2 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors of Porter & "White. 122 Eddy street.
i Interment Masonic Cemetery.
LANDEL— In this city, March 15. 1901. Hugh
Landel, a native ojf Scotland, aged E6 years
9 months and 26 days.
C7 Friends and acquaintances are re?aect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
Carew & English. 41 Van Ness avenue. In-
terment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
LAVOREL— In Oakland, March 13. 1901. Pierre,
beloved husband of Anastasla Lavorel, and
father of Mrs. Tilley de Mont and Eugene,
Cecile, Gabrielle and Joseph Lavorel, a na-
tive of France,, aired 47 years 6 months and
6 days. ' .. ¦' " ¦ " '
IE?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend. the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 5C8 Second street, thence to the Church
of the Immaculate Conception, where a re-
quiem hieh mass will be celebrated for the
repose of his soul, commencing at 9 o'clock.
Interment St. Mary's Cemetery.
LEVY— Friends and acquaintances are Invited
to attend the dedication of tombstone of the
late Johanah Levy to-morrow (Sunday), - at
12:30 o'clock, at Salem Cemetery. Take 11 :W
o'clock train, Third and Townsend streets."
LANDELS-In the City and County Hospital,
March 15, 1901, Hugh ¦ Landels, a native of
Scotland, aged &6 years.
LKAHV- In the City and County Hospital.
March 15, 1901, Patrick C. Leary. a native of
Missouri, aged 24 years.
LILLARD-In San Jose, March 14, 1901, John
J. Lillard.
E7Remalna at the undertaking: parlors of
Bunker & Lunt, 2666 Mission street, San
Francisco.
N. S. O. W., South San Francisco Parlor No.
157: Members of Parlor are hereby notified
' to attend the funeral of our late Brother
¦ Lillard. Final notice to-morrow. By order
of ALBERT J. MILLY. President.
DANIEL HARRINGTON, Rec. Sec.
A. O. U. W.— Officers and members of Bay
View Lodge No. 159: You are hereby notified
of the death of eur late brother. John , J.
- Lillard. Notice of funeral In . Sunday's j pa-
• per. By order of ..
BAII.WAY TRAVEIa,DESPONTJENT? VOLUNTEER
DRINKS CARBOLIC ACID
Failure to Secure a Pension Cause3
Daniel J. Curley to Take His
" Own Life.
• Daniel. J. Curley. formerly a member
of Company M. First California Regi
ment, committed suicide In a tragic fash
ion early last night in a saloon on Her
man and Valencia streets. He had been
wounded in the war and became de
spondent when he failed to secure aj*nj
delplte the efforts made by bystanders to
prevent him from doing so. •
Th^ ; service* of a physician were of no
a™? and" CurleV dfcd X In a short time.
His body was taken to the Mor 5 u *i -ll ,-^
Curley was 24 yearrof age and .resided
with his parents at 119 Page street.
Jaunt has made him fall In love with a
mercantile life which entitles one to a
membership In such a club as the Chicago
Commercial and declares that when he
gets back he will . strike Field for a Job
and be a millionaire in no time.
Marshall Field is a remarkable looking
man and he ought to be, he's worth $50,
000,000. He bears no resemblance what
ever to the accepted idea of a Chicago
millionaire. He has a rubicund face,
which, with his whit* hair and mustache,
upright figure and generally well-groomed
appearance makes him the beau ideal of
a military officer.
"You San Franciscans are extraordinary
people." he said, as he sat in a sheltered
place on the upper deck. "I was out here
twenty years ago <-.nd X thought so then.
From what I can fee of the city now you
are so still. "We of Chicago have a name
for enterprise, but I think a good deal of
that spirit has got West. Your country
fs receiving plenty, of advertising in the
East and we all arc beginning to look
"West when we sp«;ak of development:
Speaking for myself I may : say. and 1
think this holds true of all oUr party. I
am out here only for pleasure and do not
intend to transact any business, though
of course none of us are overlooking good
chances."
. "Now, look here," Eald Caton. "I'm not
very good to be back in California again,
and in such good company, that after all
makes the real enjoyment of such an ex
cursion as this."
General Merrltt's rubicund face beamed
as he spoke, and he turned to point out
the Presidio and explain the harbor de
fenses to Marshall Field.
The cicerone and jester of the party is
Arthur J. Caton, who is one of Chicago's
best known lawyers, and whose reputation
as a post-prandial speaker and raconteur
rivals the fame of one Chauncey Depew.
Caton, who bears a great facial resemb
lance to Depew. Is not a member of the
Commercial Club, but travels as the guest
of Marshall Field. He eays the present
The rich man's wa Inherits cares.
The b&nk may break, the factory burn.
A breath may burst bis bubble shares.
SO SA2CG Longfellow, but If he
could have witnessed the arrival
of the Chicago Commercial Club,
and Its guests a-t Oakland mole
last night he 'would have changed
the verse relating to the heritage qf care.
True these men who stepped from the
velvet-cushioned, steam-heated. elect|-ic
lighted special to the dreary blackness
and clrt of the mole were not the sons of
wealth, they were the accumulates of
it. but if Longfellow's eong held good this
would only have cerved to depress them
further: but a Jollier party never took
the ferry, and the value of the human
freirht the Piedmont carried was $1,000,
(•00.000. Viewed with this fact In mind,
the party v.as extraordinary. Its mem
bers represented the men behind the
wheels of finance, the engineers who with
u turn of the wrist could depress or ele
vate trade, yet looked at elmply as a
group of excursionists they were ordi
nary.
An adverse stroke of fortune, the first
the millionaires have encountered In their
long Journey, caused the Franklin tun
nel to cave in. and the Chlcagoans' spe
cial, which was due at Point Richmond
at C:S0. rolled into Oakland at 9 o'clock,
two hours and a half behind time. News
of the accident reached the excursionists
when they arrived at Bay Point and their
train was run over on to the Southern
Pacific's tracks.
Ik Marvel Bays that wealth Is a secur
ity for gentleness, and so It seems. The
delay and tardy arrival might have irri
tated many, but these kings of finance
were as Jolly as sandboys over It, In fact
they seemed to regard It as rather for
tunate Elnce it gave the Journey that
variety which is said to lend spice to ex
istence
Fine View From Ferry Boat. .
John L. Truslow*. city passenger agent
of the Santa Fe, welcomed the excursion
ists and saw that they were all conveyed
5n comfort to this side. The Piedmont
lay In waiting- and most of the visitors
crowded on her forward deck, turning up
their collars and pulling down their hats
to keeD off the cool night breeze. The
night was an ideal one. The bay was
smooth as glass. The lights of the city
ehone distinctly as diamonds against the
clear sky. which rivaled the mundane
illuminations in star-spangled brilliance.
These same stars came in for plenty of
admiration, and when a millionaire looks
at stars It is a proud day for the stars,
for to stargaze is reputed poetical, and it
takes a strong attraction to awaken a
financier's poetry.
Many of the party had been to San
Francisco before and these were kept busy
pointing out the lions to their less trav
eled neighbors. "Who would have Imagined
to see these men taking such a delighted
Interest in ex-erything they saw that they
were a party of sober-minded financiers?
The Piedmont itself came in for favor
able mention by these visitors who found
everything so delightful, and many of
them examined the "works" with an in
terest which would have been almost
childish had It not been so sincere.
It was the costliest load the old Pied
mont ever carried, and the aged craft has
Keen many come and go. She was the
boat from •whose deck President Harrison
took his first view of San Francisco ten
years ago.
Grouping of Multimillionaires.
All such excursions resolve themselves
naturally into little groups or cliques of
men by a eort of natural selection, which
attains its greatest perfection on a trip
of this sort. O\-er In a corner Bat a min
ing machinery manufacturer, the biggest
in his line in America, chatting gaily with
his companion, a railroad king. A multi
millionaire packer offered a cigar to a
wholesale grocery magnate, and men
whose wealth might purchase a city told
and listened to stories and anecdotes grave
and gay.
The clothes they wore were as various
In character as the wearers. They ranged
from the natty tweed to the substantial
broadcloth, and from the racy Raglan to
the business-like covert coat. There were
men of all ages there, from white-haired
picturesque-looking John J. Janes, the
secretary of the Chicago Commercial Club
to Rollln A. Keyes, the "baby" of the
party. A baby born with a golden spoon
in his mouth.
An Interesting figure, hardly so much
for what he Is. although that Is no small
thing, as for the stock he eprang from
was Robert T. Lincoln, son of the martyr
President, a trans-Atlantic prototype of
his Majesty King Edward VII of Great
Britain. .
Looks Like Zing Edward.
Lincoln la president of the Pullman Pal
ece Sleeping Car Company and In rated
many time* a millionaire. He was very
anxious to conceal his identity last night
but gracefully admitted his Identity when
he saw he was recognized. Lincoln, it is
not hard to pee. Is very well aware of his
likeness to the British monarch and care
fully regulates his bearing to coincide
¦with that of Edward. It Is all there- the
peculiar slouching- walk, the 6toop of the
shoulders, the manner of standing— and
the hat. The president of the Pullman
wore a long li?ht coat and clothes of evi
dent English vintage. Mr. Lincoln is the
presiding spirit of a little party who will
separate from the main body here, and
after a few days' etay In Monterey eo
East again Independently: that Is with
the exception of Mrs. Ltncoln, who in
tends to epend some weeks visitine
friends In California. The others in Lj - n
roln's party are Major General "Wesley
Merritt, Arthur J. Caton and Marshall
Field.
_ "I** 8 the Mine old San Francisco." said
Merritt as the Piedmont cleared the slip
and glided out on the bay. "It feels
There Are Men Ainongf Them Who Might Pay a King's
Ransom Without Seeking Their Small Change
Pockets, But All Are Jolly as Sandboys.
BILLIGN=DOLLAR TOURISTS
AFTER HARASSING DELAY,
REACH LAND OF EL DORADO
TOOK IN THE SIGHTS— Arvln Hildeau.' a re
cent arrival from Manila, wandered about th->
'•tenderloin? .Thursday night and. early yester
day ; mornine f found : : himself , at :. 5C8 Dupont
street. • He drank some .wine and then claimed
that 4 Marie " Marter, .,one -. of ; the j Inmates, t had
stolen > $170 from : his purse.^ . She was , arrested
by Detective _T. . B. Gibson and . booked . at the
City Prison on a charge of grand. larceny. ,
Don't drink the first •' thing ¦ the "¦ bartender
offers. : Call for Jesse . Moore "AA" whiskey
andiinslst on getting -it. : ; -
LA -BLANCHE; TRIAL:— The trial of Henry
La* Blanche, . restaurant-keeper, 5 on . the charge
of ' assault to ¦ murder; for'- • shootimt his wife,
Kitty, ; at a lodcin^-house, 54 Third street;- July
2 last/ was 'resumed before Judge Cook' yester
day.,^-, The caseforjthe prosecution ; was closed
and ; several .witnesses, , Including , the'defendant,
testified for the defense.; The case will be con
tinued Monday: ,•.-.•.',;--•'*
. HELD ' FOR s BURGLARY.— Luke Kuykendal
was held to. answer before the Superior Court
by Judge Conlan yesterday on a charge of bur
glary . for breakl njt into the office of, Dr.': r A.'^ J.
Rice," 116 Stockton etreet,"* and stealing a 1 : lot i of
instruments i and other; articles. •-' He ¦ was also
convicted i-. on j a v charge of '. petty ¦». larceny for
¦Bteallnj a bicycle.-../ ; . -.: /
Funeral of Prof essor Robertson.
The ; funeral of the late Professor TV A
Robertson twill ; take place this afternoon
and ; will be : under the : auspices of King
Solomon Lodge of the Masonic order. The
services ; will be held in Masonic Temple'
ccrner of . Post and • Montgomery streets
The r interment will be In Odd Fellows 1
Cemetery.\va3SpSSP8sSjjB8S6Kf;--'.
Why Don't You Travel by Sea P
Callat office of Pacific Coast Steamship
Co.; 4 New, Montgomery; St.". - and Inform
yourself concerning • that ; company's ' im
proved service 'and -low rates to Los "An
geles, San Diego,- Santa Barbara," Tacoma,
Seattle. Juneau, Skaguay and all Pacific
Coast ports.^J^^ghs^^ggSgSE
In ' the Divorce Court.
Annie - Morris.on was - granted a divorce
yesterday, from ;;, W."* G. Morrison on ' the
ground of intemperance. Suits for di
vorce on the ground \ of -. desertion were
filed. yesterday by Sidney Sanders against
Matilda Sanders. Ann!« ; Hicklen apams
James H.' Hicklen and; Elizabeth McPhed
eran against James McPhederan. • •
Personal.
G. E. Tarbell. .'vice presiflent. of the
Equitable Life ~ Insurance -Company . of
New York, registered at the Palace yes
terday. Tarbell Is on a tour of inspection
of the branch offices of the company. J.
C. Eisele and H; S. Garber. also connected
with the company, are with him.
Congressman Loud arrived Thursday
evening from Washington. Shortly be
fore i the adjournment- of . Congress the
President . appointed .> Congressman .. Loud
a member of the Annapolis Visiting Com
mittee. The committee will; meet at the
naval academy- in June.
Third Carreno Recital. .
Mine. .Teresa Carreno will give her third
recital this afternoon at 3:15 o'clock at
Sherman and Clay Hall. Following Is the
programme as definitely arranged: Son
ata, op. 63 (Beethoven), allegro, adagio
rondo; (a) Nocturne, op. 27, No 2 (b)
Waltz, op. 42. .'c) Polonaise, op. 53 (ChoD
in):.(a).Andante Fa vorl (Beethoven) (b)
Impromptu.'- op. 90, No. 3 (Schubert) (ct
Etude de Concert (MacDowell); (a) 'ro
manza. (b) Etude in C; major, (c) Barca
rolle, (d) Valse Caprice (Rubinstein)
Good. Effects In Framing:.
j The . most charming effects in natural
wood moldings In the dull, Flemish and
polished finishes. Many new things' in
mat .boards recently added. Tiny blacks,
grays, greens, mahogany and gilt mold-
Ings used for framing small pictures pro
duce , beautiful gems , for wall decorations
at very reasonable prices. Sanborn, Vail
& Co.. 741 Market st. •-
CAVALRY ARRIVES FROM
FORT MEYER, VIRGINIA
Beaches Here in Time for One Night's
Rest Before Sailing- for
Manila.
The headquarters, band and the third
squadron of the Fifth Cavalry arrived at
the PreMdm ¦ j esterday afternoon. The
command is from Fort Meyer. Va. The
first squadron- of the Fifth Cavalry has
been at the Presidio for the last week
awaiting the arrival of the Fort Meyer
troops. The cavalry is under orders to
go to Manila and will leave to-morrow on
the Meade.
The» sixteen officers and BOO men com
prising the Thirty-sixth Infantry will be
mustered out of the service of Uncle Sam
to-day. Acting Assistant ' Surgeon G. H.
Richardson has been assigned to duty at
Alcatraz Island, relieving Acting Assist
ant Surgeon F. C. Jackson, who Is ordered
to the general hospital. Presidio, for treat
ment. ,
CHINESE BRIBER, FALLS
INTO WATCHMAN'S TRAP
Swallows a Coaching Letter That He
Sad Received From a Chinesa
Immigrant.
M. 8. Blackburn. Government watchman
at the Chinese detention shed at the Mail
dock, caused the arreBt yesterday after
noon of Lul Hing on a charge of bribing
a United States official.
Blackburn said that he was approached
yesterday morning by Lul Hing-. who of
fered him 12 BO if ho would obtain a letter
from a Chinese passenger. No. 21. who
had arrived on the Coptic and give the
letter to him (L'll Hing).- Blackburn
agreed to do the joo. but when he found
the Chinese passenger that Immigrant
was suspicious and would not trust him.
On reporting ' that fact to Hing he
wrote a note In Chinese to be given to
the, immigrant and. gave Blackburn $1
promising him $2 50 more when he should
turn over the reply. Blackburn reported
to the Chinese Bureau, the note was
translated and an .Inspector sent to the
dock to arrest Lul Hing as soon as the
letter should be placed into his hands.
Hingr. caught Bight of the Inspector, tor*
the letter Into several pieces and swal
lowed, them. ¦ ¦ . ¦ .
The note- written bv Lui Hing asked the
passenger to give Blackburn a copy of the
statement 'made by the passenger to the
Chinese Bureau :¦ officials on his arrival
here ? so that perjured Chinese witnesses
might be Informed as to what their testi
mony should be. •
a merchant and I suppose I ought not to
have anything to say, but I've enjoyed the
trip so. and am looking forward to what
Is to happen to. us here so much that I
must say a word about your State. A few
years ago and California was a commer
cial terra incognito. Now such fellows as
these around us find her a very" prominent
feature of the map."
William A. Fuller, of Palmer. Fuller &
Co. is president of the club and an affable
talker. ,
"Your oil development Is a matter of
great talk In the East," he said, "and
there is plenty of good advertising being
done to help it out. I don't think that
any one in the East fully realized up to
a few years ago what a wonderful coun
try it Is here. That is, what a wonder
ful commercial country, it always seems
to me that what you lack here is coal.
b*jt crude petroleum makes just as Rood
a fuel and there certainly, appears to be
plenty of it. The Chicago Commercial
Club Is a 6mall affair, only sixty mem
bers, but we try to improve our city, and
we hope to take back some good ideas
about city government from San Fran
cisco. -• • • • t
A bcyish figure, muffled up in an over
coat, a soft white hat shading a pale face
of such remarkable youthfulness that the
owner seemed to have strayed into the
party by mistake, sat bv itself in a cor
ner. It was James H. Eckles, otherwise
known as "the- Boy Banker. ". j He looks
about la. and pale and sickly at that. He
is president of the Chicago National Bank
and ex-Comptroller of Currency of. the
United Statea. He is one of the financial
pillars of the nation and a sociable man.
polished, and traveled. He has not been
to San Francisco before, but looks ! for
ward to a very Jolly time here.
Bide on a Cable Car.
When the boat arrived at the ferry de
pot the visitors piled Into a special street
car, and on alighting at the Palace made
good speed to register and go to bed
They made a remarkable scene, in the
lobby, while out In the court a^ perfect
mountain of baggage was piled. -
The new arrivals will be up betimes to
day, for at 11 o'clock the Santa Fe steam
er San Pablo will take them a voyage
round the bay. All the principal points
of Interest will be touched at and lunch
will be served on board.
. It is .to-night, however, that the great
event comes off— the banquet *tt the Mark
Hopkins Institute of Art. Ti.e tables will
be ranged In the Searles gallery and when
the 250 Invited guests take their places
no more remarkable festivity will have
been witnessed in , San. Francisco . for
many years. The paintings , from the
spring -exhibition are ranged, along the
walls, and several magnificent palm*
from Golden Gate : Park will lend - the'r
graceful charm to the scene. At' the
tables will be seated the best In the, way
of men that California has to show.- If.
ving M. Scott will be toastmaster and
Mayor James D. Phelan will deliver the
"Welcome to San -Francisco.'
At 10 o'clock this morning the executive
committee of the Chamher of Commerce,
the Manufacturers' and Producers', Asso
ciation, the ' Merchants' Association , and
the Board of- Trade will meet at the In
stitute ¦ to make ; the . llnal arrangements
for the entertainment of their guests.** All
sorts of excursions have; been planned for
the entertainment of the millionaires and
they will see all that there Is to be seen.
"The Itinerary of the club when it leaves
here is as : follows: : Leave -here ; Tuesday
for .Portland • by:- the Southern '. Pacific,
thence to Tacoma,- then • return -to ; Poi t
land via the Northern Pacific, . then uby
the Oregon Short rLIne to Salt. Lake City;
and from thereby the'i Rio Grande West
ern , to Denver,' after which - Chicago - wijl :
. Jr.3 reached via Omaha ¦ by the Union* Pa-
cl 5£ &n A the Chicago Northwestern.
J The Market-street Railway Company
has placed its large party car at the dis
posal of the visitors esia they will take
advantage . the courtesy before they
leave here. ¦. ¦ ¦
_Members of the Commercial Club of
Boston, Cincinnati and St. Louis are
guests of the Chicago organization.
SOME OF, THE PROMINENT FIGURES AMONG THE GROUP OF MILLIONAIRES WHO CROSSED THE FERRY
LAST NIGHT AND AFTER A HARASSING DELAY BEHELD, MANY OF THEM FOR THE FIRST TIME THE
LIGHTS OF SAN FRANCISCO. ....
Stationary white signals are shortly. to
be abandoned by the Southern Pacific
Railroad and green lights are to be sub
stituted. It Is claimed by railroad men
that white, being a signal of safety, ought
not to be used for a number of reasons.
Engineers on a fast express train can eas
ily mistake a light from a house for that
of a switch signal and an accident might
result from the error. Several roads have
abolished white as a signal switch. The
Baltimore and Ohio and the Chicago
Northwestern use only preen. .
General Manager Kruttschnltt of the
Southern Pacific said yesterday that the
change would be made at once. He says
that the company acts undpr the Ameri
can Railway Association rules, that this
organization dictates the color of signals
and that It has adopted this rule.
Southern Pacific Railroad
Will Use This Color
as a Signal.
General Committee Meets in ths
' Mayor's Office and Adopts a
r Programme of Enter- .
tainment.
Tha General Citizens* Committee hav
ing In charge the reception to President
McKinley held a meeting In the Mayor's
office In the City Hall yesterday. It was
decided to limit the expenditures for the
reception to $15,000. The banquet will be
held either In the Palace Hotel or the
California Theater and 700 guests will be
present The following revised programme
was adopted:
Tuesday, May 14, afternoon— President will
be met at depot by Mayor and citizens' commit
tee on his arrival, about A o'clock. Night—
Public reception at Ferry bulldlnsr.
Wednesday. May 15, morning (10 o'clock)—
Commencement University of California. Aft
ernoon (4 o'clock) — Visit to Oakland.
Thursday, May 16, morning (leave at 8
o'clock)— Visit to Mount Tamalpals. Afternoon
(3 o'clock)— Reception to Sons of the Revolu
tion. Mexican Veterans, Pioneers. Loyal Legion
and Native Sons. Night— Reception to Mrs. Mc-
Kinley and ladles of Presidential party at
Mark Hopkins Institute of Art. Night—Ban
quet to* President by Ohio Society.
Friday. May 17. morning— School children's
reception at Park and visit to Ocean Beach (In
case of rain. Mechanics' Pavilion). Afternoon-
Reception Knights Templar.
Saturday. May 18. morning— Launch of Ohio.
Night— Citizens' banquet.
Sunday. May 19 — Rest.
Monday. May 20. morning f9:30 o'clock) — Ded
icate Donahue Fountain to Mechanics. Morn
ing (10:30 o'clock)— Around the bay and visit to
Navy Yard.
The following: Invitation to be present
was sent to President Diaz of Mexico:
To His Excellency, President Diaz: "We have
the honor to Invite you to be the guest of the
city of Ban Francisco on the occasion of the
visit of the President of the United States dur
ing the month of May of this year. ¦ •
The President will visit San Francisco to view
the launching of the battleship Ohio and will
be the recipient of the hospitality of the city,
which we cordially Invite you to share.
Our city would be much honored by your ac
ceptance of our Invitation and our people
would be glad to have the opportunity of mani
festing the friendly feelings with which they
regard the republic i of Mexico and Its distin
guished President. Very respeetfullv.
JAMES D. PHELAN.
Mayor City and County of San Francisco.
IRVING M. SCOTT.
Chairman Official Reception Committee of Citi
zens.
The General Committee adjourned sine
die, after Chairman Scott had appointed
the following chairmen of sub-commit
tees, who will select their associates and
attend to the arrangements for the recep
tion:
A. A. Watklns. chairman invitation and ban
quet committee: Claus Spreckels, chairman citi
zens' committee; F. W. Dohrmann. chairman
finance 'committee; General R. II. Warfleld,
chairman . parade committee; A. . Bbarboro,
chairman decoration*: George A. Newhall,
chairman accommodation and ladles' reception;
J. M. Gleaves. chairman Ohio delegates: P. H.
McCarthy, chairman public recentlon: Horace
K. Davis, chairman University California.
GREEN LIGHTS
TO BE ADOPTED
Diaz of Mexico Is Invited
to i Meet McKinley in
San Francisco.
PLAN RECEPTION
TO THE PRESIDENT
THE SAN FRANCISCOr CAIiL, SATURDAY, MARCH 16, 1901.
14
Fancy Hose in Abundance.
Bright, Snappy, CaJchy Patterns.
We won't show you a' single dull or
t common style/ and if you have the time and
patience we can show you more than a
hundred of the prettiest and most original
you can find. If we hadn't bought when we
did, in the quantities we did and from head-
quarters, we could never do this.
Child's Polka l>ot Hose. 17c— ;Black srejiads with
large, white extracted dots; sizes 5% to 8*3; 600 pairs are
ready; 17c a pair.
Newest Fancies for Indies 25c a Pair-Stockton
with rembrandt rib from ankle to top— black boots with
fancy stripefi uppers— beautiful colors— 1200 pairs In the lot; sizes 8% to 10.
Lace Lisle Hose 50c a Pair-Black, imported direct to us. flxed In solid zig-
zag lace effect— fine quality.
New Coin Styles 50c a Pair-One of the latest, large black dots on tarfsnt red
grounds; sizes S&to 10.
Ladies' Gloves To=day, 69c a pair.
Lambskin or Pique.
• 480 pairs have come just in time for to-day's selling. It is one of the best
values in spring gloves our glove man could Hnd, and he was scouring the
market for weeks. They are fastened with two clasps and are in the prettiest
shades of tan, red, mode, brown, as well as white and black. To make the of-
fering broader and more inviting we have added
360 pairs Chamois Gloves 69c.
They, too, have two-clasp fasteners and come In white, pearl, natural and gray.
It is quite unusual to find such style and quality at the start
of a season for such a little price.
Ice-Cream Chocolates to-day ioc.
They are put up In 5-oz. bags.
We make, our own candies. We want to know that they are purest and
best. Every Saturday we make a special inducement to get you acquainted
with them. We have flavored these icecream chocolates with strawberry and .
the pure fruit juice, too — 5 oz. ioc to-day. * „
Veilings again 25c and 50c.,
We can't say .'too much about our veil- <L-^-^
ings/ Capital and care and fine judgment will /£lfP§Q \^!^»* v ">-
tell in veilings same as in everything else. ((>%Ufflfi&^\ \
Our 25e Lot Ar* Fancv Tuxedo' Mesh - Veil- ,R 2/ V) \\^^\
ines — "With chenille or self dots, also Brussels f< ' «S> .
nets, both plain and dotted, and Brny mixed . **jLj<£j '-S^^SSaip^^^^
Amone the 50c Outs Are Tuxedo mesh veil- A.^vl^^? 'f^jftSfdiA
incs. spotted here and there with chenille, vel- /-vY\BK!£~ r - vjGf 5\ •
vet and self dots: also Brussels net. plain and , / THtlrSTrU. *"!*** /?w**^ \r*i
dotted, and the new London mpshes in black and "f f^^S%f^,J^^ J^Si :>\
gray mixtures; also' black bordered veilings. ) V., ffilS?!Sg**~£p/£jM *t%\
j Spring catalogue just from tlie pres3. | ju\^$£^ffig£>i£r » •
J Very newsy, very interesting — yours for j '£1 —-~~"^
- " • Market Street, neap Sixth, opp. Golden Gate art. '
STTTT)FJRAKBR RfiQS;; MFG.- GQV
CHANCE OF FIRM.
The Ean Francisco Branch of STUDEBAKER BROS. MFG. CO. will N» snce««ded
7V\ay First Tt>y
STUDEBAKER BROS. CO. of California,
A Local Company With Local Management.
To prepare for this change, we reduce price on every vehicle In a atock amotmttn* to
AH Pneumatic Rubber Tire and Solid Rubber Tire Runabout Wagon* reduced TEN PER
OE^T ¦ ' ¦
All Surrey* Phaetons). Carriages. Basket Seat XOTeltles. and tha •stirs 11ns of new 1901
styles reduced FIFTEEN PER CENT. -
Spring Wnjons, Delivery W'tcona and Mountain Warons reduced PER CKST.
One hundred Vehicles, comprlslnr different styles, are reduced from TWENTY TO
THIRTY PER CENT, all being: at cost of manufacture with tha frelsht added, and many
° f Vour *iron"r*d sets of Harness, both Single and Double Harness, reduced TWESTT-
FI Twenty ttne* vehicle. Including Victorias, Cabriolets. Broughams. Pour-Passenger Tran
«n<J Coach Gear Parlc Wajrons are reduced about FORTT PER CENT, making the prices leu
than the original cost of manufacture.
Fvery vehicle we own Included \n the reduction; none ar« exempted.
Fach vehicle plainly tagged, showlngr old and new prices In each Instance.
An opportunity of THIS KIND to buy fine vehicles of a reliable firm baa nsver bttof
been o«ered in thi, city. STUDEf?AKER BRQS MpG CQ^
L. F. WEAVER, Manager. Market and Tenth Streets.
SPECIAL BARGAINS
SATURDAY. MONDAY and TUESDAY
GRANULATED Best Cana SUGAR, 19Ha $1.00
Extra Fine Spreckels Reflslnr.
TOMATOES, Columbus brand, 4 cans 25c
Best Quality. Reg 1 . 10c can.
FINEST CREAMERY BUTTER, squaw.. 35c
5 Squares $1. Reg. 43c.
CHOICE POINT REYES BUTTER SOc
3 Sauarcft 85c. Rer. 40c.
BESBMISSION EGGS, dozen fifr
Gathered Dally. Regular 20c
PCTALUMA RANCH EGGS, dozen 15c
Regular lTHc
IMPORTED SARDINES, 3 cans 25c
Flag Brand. Rer. i:\ic
TABLE FRUITS, extra quality, 3 caia. .50c
Peaches. Pears, Apricots, Reg. IJc coa.
SINGAPORE PINEAPPLE, sliced, can. . .15c
Special Request. Re*. 25c
0 K KENTUCKY WHISKY, gal $2.50
8 Tears Old. Regnlar $3 SO.
BEST SUGAR PEAS, Petit P013, can 15a
Regular 25c can.
CATSUP, L. Bro3.' brand, large hot I2Jc
Kins: of All. Reralar tOc
OLD GOVERNMENT WHISKY, qt 00c
Regnlar $1 25.
CARNATION CREAM, 3can3 25a
Regular lCc.
JESSE MOORE A. A. WHISKY, qt 90o
Regular 11 13.
TAPIOCA, Pearl or Flaked, 5 lbs 25c
Regular 4 lbs 25c.
KIPPERED HERRING, largo can 20c
Imp. From Scotland. Reg. tSa.
BARATARIA SHRIMPS, can ..I2J3
Regular 15c.
BORAX FLOATING SOAP, 6 cakes. ... .25o
Fln« Wnlte : Reg;. 4 cakes 25c
PORT AND SHERRY, gal 950
6 Tears Old. Regular $1 M.
GOODS DELIVERED FREE to the housa la
Oaklan.1. Alameda. Fruttrale and Berketey
OUR COUNTRY CUSTOMERS
Can take advantage of thesa "Special"
sales. We ship free of charge within 1M
miles on all orders exceeding 13. Ask tot
monthly price lists— free.
l348-!.-*54 Market *treet.
Opp. Seventh. Thone 8. 232. Xo Branch Stores.
n DR.M9NULTY.
nMnsWEtX-KNOWXANDRKLrABLE OLD
I sp#rU!l«t cur's Blood Poison. ijonorrbo-a.rileet,
Stricture, Mrmlnal Weaknea*. Impufncr and tft^lr
allied Disorders. Hook on Diseases of Moi», fre«.
OrerajyenrV-xper'encp. Terms reasonable. Uonr*.
9 tor.daily ;8:.T0 tr»9. SOpv'z*. Hund.iT*. K> U> 12. Consul-
tation freeandsaeredly confidential. Call or addrou
P. nOMCOE 2f fM'LTY, 31. D.
2GJJ Krornyst., San Fran*l»€O. Csl-
k a)
MARKET ST. SF^Jr^
fl I rr n fill X I Corner Fourth and
CAFEROVtU«si
Will la »WMIia Ove rCMt « and
vallsca checked tn»
Hole's.
TO MAKE OUR SPECIALS POPU-
1 LAR WE OFFER AGAIN:
Best Citf Efi[gs, %?;' per doz- 15c
Regular 17%c per dozen-
Butter, Best Creamsry, *&£* • 35c
Regular 40c.
Baking Powder, Elite, per Ib. • -30c
Regular 40c.
Pearllne Washing Powder, J c t» & «
3 for 25c
Regular lOe a pound.
Lucca Olive Oil, at hot
Li. Ganzonl. Regular «Sc.
Eagle Chocolate, ™vs*g v «. -20c
Regular I5c. •
Claret, Ex^ !e e n or. Q o«^ ty ' Gallon. 40c
Resrular BOc.
Beer, Wieland's Best, Qts,r« p .SI. 00
Pts,^.-50c
Peas,:. French, lm Wi£ la ••'••• 35c
Resular ECc.
Pinfrnr Ala Fr Cochrnnr, 01 CO
binge? Ale, Best In Market, Doz 01. 0U
Regular $1.65.
Aunt Dinah' Toaster, each: — 20c
for.Gas, Coal Oil and Alcohol. Reg. 25c
Prunes,^i^iB lbs for--.. 25c
' Regular 6c par pound. . .
lalliflC Our Own fifocC IQIa
jeilieS, Hrme Made UldbS | ZlC
Regular 20c class.
Jams, H?me Mode Jar- >•..,. . .20c
¦ Regular Kc. ' •
TELEPHONE EAST 372.
ASK FOK CATALOGUE.
BIBO, NEWMAN & IKENBERG,
1447-40 POLK STREET.
Ipjjljj That's the
Smart Hat!
SJBiffl^ The. rinVo
\l "W^ fey • vH 1 Ull\«»«
I'^^pr^y I London and New York's
J^^^W#$h best dressers are wearing
&T >^§Ut^r*\ it. Shown here for the
J I%W rs^ ti m6 ty ttiz 'Frisco
'?/ V^iSsIm colors, BLACK and
VWJx V 1 STEEL GRAY.
t mm\\^S |UJ Dressy Hat! yJ»vJU
I »flsBB*s»t lasssft*^" 1 *"' ' ' • f AND ¦ -- - -
WE TAKE DELIGHT IN FILLING MAIL ORDERS.
Hala T «.