PK1CE FIVE CENTS.
, SAN FRANCISCO* WBDNESDAyJI SBPTEMBEB 11, 1901.
Unless Bullet in Muscles Proves
Troublesome It Will Be Car
ried by McKinley for life.
Crisis Is Passed , and
Only Possibilities Are
Mow Feared.
Eminent Surgeons
Say President
Improves.
PATIENT
OUT
OF DANGER
MILBURN HOUSE,
BUFFALO, 5 a. m.—
One of the nurses who
has just come from
the room reports that
the President is sleep
ing quietly. The entire
private part of the
house is very quiet,
with the lights burn
ing dimly, and there is
no ou twa rd evidence
.of any one moving
about.
Continued on' Fage : Three. ; -
Continued on Page Two.
Continued on Pace Two.
6n^authontative^:'inf6rrnit:on
EMMA.GOLDMANvBUSY^I
Buffalo,- N.\^: Y:;; -^roadway
branch" of the Polish Society of
Anarchists.- V ; ." ' %^\ -,-. r . :
Cleveland, ¦ Ohio; - anarchisT
group , of which ' Leon \ Czolgosz
is a member.' ; - a ' ¦> :/:'.. ¦'*
'St.^Louis, .Mo."; > South Thir
teenth 'street, headquarters v for
anarchists' of the West, of • which
branch; Goldman had' direct con
trol.- '•;"¦/ ¦¦¦¦ .-'¦' ¦'¦>r\- : . ;-¦-; .'W ' :\
I Patersbiy N. J., national head4
quarters f or : the ..'anarchists ; of the
United .States.
Allegheny, Pa^ * Garden a ve
nue, district headquarters of Carl
Nold and his associates. \ %t
obtained that enables .The -Call
correspondent to assert that' the
conspiracy extended to the foH
lowing group of anarchists: Chi
cago,' 515 Carroll avenue, head-'
quarters of the Isaak -family." ".-
MISS EMMA GOLDMAN. ."HIGH
PRIESTESS OF ANARCHY,"
.NOW IN JAIL.: . .:. • ; .; ,;
States at the Temple of Music. at
the American- Exposition he had
to be in line early. Before leav
ing' his room in Nowak's Hotel
he gathered together all his pa
pers, taking them from- his. pock
ets, from his valise and from
drawers of his table. All were
bound together in one package',
which he concealed 1 beneath his
coat.
Czolgosz says that he made a
circuitous and aimless" trip about
the city, and that at«some point^
which he cannot now describe,
he came upon an open sewer, j
Into this sew : er he cast His pa
pers. Superintendent Bull has
asked him to take detectives to
the spot, but he has said that he
could not find his way there. '•
SEARCH FOR PAPERS^
...Inch by inch the sewers of
this city. are. being searched; and
ifv such a thing is. possible these
papers will be recovered. But if
the search is fruitless it is not at
all i improbable that Czolgosz can
be prevailed upon to reveal all
of the knowledge that is now, in
his possession. .The information
upon jv'hich-the account is based
came first from a Secret Service
agent, and from the. same source
the information has now been
Secret agents "have
learned that early in. 'July Emma
Goldman' visited the Ftee;Socie
|ty in Chicago, : making her home
while* there witlr the Isaak -fam
ily.: On July; 13 Czolgosz "called
: at- the j Isaak • horn e and ". talked
with Emma Goldman and > with
Abraham; Isaak. TheV interview
Avas renewed the following u^ay.
Emma ' Goldman, Czolgosz
and Abraham Isaak, and Marie
Isaak, Vvere" in consultation in
Chicago oh two .occasions. Ma
rie' ' Isaak* accompanied * Emma
Goldman to Buffalo the last time
the; archleader . of the anarchists
was , here. Leon Czolgosz was
accompanied ' to Buffalo ; and
about the city- by a mysterious
•Bohemian, man and woman, who
a£ted so suspiciously: as to .war
rant "ftlie assumption . that ; they
knew of the intention ' of CzoK
gbsz ..to ? assassinate the Presi
dent.' -These 'two. Bohemians, are
now .beiiig looked for all over the
United States. • ' ¦' . '.'.'¦.
it can be sdid ? that during. the last
ten weeks, Emma Gol/man has
visited each one of the sik anar
chist organizations'
She : lias been iiv Buffalo \|iree
times since July .12, having left
the city the last time four days
before the . attempted' .assassina
tion. . ¦ *.- /..',.'. ¦; /• '
"The doctors say that, once encysted, it
can do no harm. The X-ray machine la
re&dy for instant use. however, and If
there is the slightest Inflammation or pala
iu the vicinity of the bullet an operation
will be performed.
f: The Vice President, members of the
Cabinet, Senator Hanna and other dis
tinguished friends of the President . who
have remained ' here to await the issue,
: accepted the verdict of the physicians to
'. day. as practically . conclusive, and there
was an exodus of those who considered
their presence no longer necessary. Vic©
' President' Roosevelt left this evening for
his home at Oyster Bay, Senator Hanna
returned to Cleveland on business, to be
gone two days, and Comptroller Dawes
The little piece of lead in the muscles
of the back is giving the physicians no
concern whatever. Unless it should prove
troublesome to the President later on he
will probably carry this grim souvenir of
the anarchist with him to the end of his
days. .-V,' "¦•
As an evidence of the supreme faith he
holds. Dr. McBurney, after the morning?
consultation, made a trip to Niagara Falls
and announced that he would this evening
return to New York.
"Of course, we will all feel easier when,
a week has passed," said Dr. McBurney.
the dean of the corps. ""We would like to
see every door of doubt locked, but the
danger from possible complications is now
very remote."
Each of them, with the exception of Dr.
Rixey. who did not leave the Milburn
residence, placed himself squarely on
record, not privately to the friends of the
President, but publicly through the agency
of the press, that the danger point had
passed and that the President would sur
vive.
reservation to the opinion that
their patient was out of danger and that
only the possibility of complications
threatened his life. They did not give as
surance of his recovery over their signa
tures in an official bulletin, but they went
a long way— toward it individually and
separately during the day.
BUFFALO. N. T.. Sept. 10.— The
corps of eminent surgeons and
physicians in attendance upon
the wounded President to-day
committed themselves without
Bpecta.1 Dispatch to The Call.
BUFFALO, Sept. 10.— Leon
F. Czolgosz has confessed
to the police that his at
tempt upon the life of
President McKinley was
the result of a conspiracy
in which many besides himself
had a part. So far as can be
learned Czolgosz has refused to
mention any name except that of
Emma Goldman, but papers are
in existence which, if they can be
discovered, will lay bare the en
tire conspiracy- and will result in
wholesale arrests, followed by
prosecutions, v^r
Acting under instructions from
Secretary Root, the police refuse
the details of the confession made
by Czolgosz, but in Superintend
ent Bull's office to-night The
Call correspondent was told that
if the would-be assassin's con
fession were published in full, a
wave of indignation against an
archism t)f the organized sort
would sweep over the country
which would inevitably result in
serious disorders
WILL PLEAD GUILTY AT TRIAL
While Czolgosz retains his
show of bravado he announces
his determination of entering a
plea of guilty when he is brought
to trial. He says that he knows
full well that he is at the mercy
of society, which he detests, for
which reason he will make no
In his confession' Czolgosz
has told of his attempt to destroy
the written evidences of conspir
acy. He has said that the time
did not permit him to burn the
papers, as he had desired. Czol
gosz knew that if. he was to meet
the President of the United
DUMPED IN A SEWER.
Although Emma Goldman
has been arrested in Chicago, it
is probable that ' she will be
brought to Buffalo for trial. The
center. of the conspiracy is here:
To-night Buffalo is filled literally
to i overflowing with agents ot
the Secret Service, scores of
whom came to-day. A search is
being made of every sewer that
underlies the city, for it is known
that in one of them is a package
of papers containing the details
of the conspiracy and the names
of those concerned with Czol
gosz in the plot; "together with
ah outline of its ramifications.
Society may well congratulate
itself that the life of CzolgoSz
was not stamped out by the fren
zied mob that sought to kill him
the moment after he had fired the
second bullet at President Mc-
Kinley. Had he then been put
to death there would have been
no way of bringing his accom
plices to justice. It is now prac
tically assured that at least a
modicum of justice will be meted
out to those who, with Czolgosz,
sought to overthrow law and or
der.
fight in the courts, but will en
ter as soon as possible upon his
punishment.
\ She said :, her purpose in coming here
had -been to assist • the anarchists who
:,were arrested here several days ago.' She
' had - intended ' to give herself * up to the
'police, but delayed 'it for one reason and
Would Assist Anarchists.
: Miss -Goldman arrived here. Sunday
morning from St. Louis. Her immunity
from arrest while in the Missouri metro
polis, and up to to-day in -Chicago, afford
her ..much amusement, she told' in
sentences punctuated with laughter at
her capture to-day. In her conversation
with reporters, and she talked with them
at length twice during the day— the ex
citement she rras laboring under was sup
pressed, and only once did she break
down completely. That was when Cap
tain Schuettler. led her from the office
of Chief of Police O'Neill to the cab that
, was waiting to convey her to the wo
man's annex to the Harrison-street police
station.- For a- moment she became a
woman, pure and simple, and^cried. ih
a in'omept/ however, the exhibition of dis
tress was over and .when. she put her foot
on • the step to mount into the carriage,
she was again Emma Goldman, the
/'High Priestess of Anarchy," as she has
been styled by her followers. ,-- . '
Cries Like a "Woman."
The; President, she averred with a
yawn, was an insignificant being to her,"
a mere human atom whose life or death
were matters of supreme indifference to
her, or to any anarchist. Czolgosz's act
was foolish. Yet, she declared, it prob
ably had Its inspiration in _the misery
which the Pole had seen about him. Vio
lence, she-said, -was not a tenet in the
faith of the anarchist, and she had not
advocated it in Cleveland, where Czolgosz
said he heard her, nor elsewhere.
CHICAGO. Sept.' 10.— Emma Gold
' man, the anarchist leader, under
whose red banner : Leon Czrfgosz
claims he stands, whose words
he claimed fired his heart and
¦ - -his brain to attempt- the assas
\ : sination of the President, was ar
rested here shortly before noon to-day.
She disclaimed all but' the slightest
acquaintance with the President's assail
ant; she denied absolutely that she or
any anarchist she knew was, implicated
in any plot to kill < the President. She
said sh» believed Czolgosz acted entirely
on his- own' responsibility, and that ho
claimed to" : have been inspired by
Her, as'ho is quoted as affirming. '•
Papers Giving Details
and Names Thrown
: in Sewer.
Emma Goldman as
Chief in Foul
Conspiracy.
Assassin Tells of
Societies in
Plot
NAMES
CUILTY
CROUPS
yj NARCHIST CZOLGOSZ, who shot President McKinley at the Buffalo Exposition last
-^ JL Friday, has confessed that the attempt to assassinate the chief executive of the nation was the
result of a cotispiracy, but refuses to mention any name except that af Emma Goldman, the s
"high priestess of anarchy," arrested in Chicago yesterday. ¦ , ' ¦
CZOLGOSZ, THE ANARCHIST WHO ATTEMPTED TO KILL THE CHIEF EXECUTIVE,
CONFESSES TO POLICE THAT MURDEROUS ASSAULT IS RESULT OF CONSPIRACY,
EMMA GOLDMAN, ARRESTED IN CHICAGO, BEING THE ONLY ACCOMPLICE
VOLUME XC-NO. 103.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL.The American People Are Determined to Crush Out the Life of
Anarchy and Its Contemptible Ally.
Extend Sympathy to 2£rs. McKinley.
OAKLAND, Sept. lO.-The Alameda
County Building Trades Council to-night
sent a telegram to Mrs. McKinley. ex
tending the sympathy of the affiliated un
ions over the attempt to assassinate the
President and expressing hope for the
speedy recovery of her distlguished hus
band.
D. A. Shannon, representing local Union
No. 36, Carpenters and Joiners of Amer
ica, was elected business agent in place
of L. A. Miller, who resigned, private af
fairs compelling; hl3 absence ifrom. the
city. - •
¦ No action was taken with relation to
water front matters. Sv
The dramatic phase of the situation
here is rapidly disappearing:. Plans over
thrown by the assassin's bullets are being
restored and matters are rapidly assum
ing normal conditions. Indiana day at the
exposition, set for Friday of this week,
was indefinitely postponed when the
President was shot, but the original
programme was restored to-day at the
suggestion of Senator Fairbanks, who
says such a course would not have been
thought of were there any doubt of the
President's recovery. The exposition ha?
suffered severely in attendance since the
tragedy, and the managers are now or
ganizing for a great thanksgiving celebra
tion, which they expect not only to prove
a great card for the fair, but which they
hope will be a day of national rejoicing.
Although the President has been pro
nounced out of danger no member of the
Cabinet has yet been within the sick
room, nor have the "Vice President or
those closest to the confidence of the
President, such as Senator Hanna and
Judge Day. seen the President.
Although the house waa fairly tin
bowered with flowers to-day none of the
sweet-scented blossoms were taken to the
President's chamber. The most rislrl
system of simplicity prevails there, and
sentiment is not allowed to qualify the
stern requirements of the case. The
only person admitted to the sickroom
other than the doctors and attendants
were Mrs. McKinley and Secretary Cor
telyou.
A most important development of the
day was the private determination reach
ed among t>*ose in charge of the caao
that food should be administered to the
patient to-morrow by the mouth. Not
since the shooting has a morsel of food
been given to the President by natural
means, but the drain en his system- has
been met by dissolved food administered
by injection. The importance of th'.a
feeding by the mouth is that it ¦will tc
store the normal action of the stomac'i.
An Important Development.
Within the sickroom many evidences of
the President's improvement were ap
parent. The President himself began to
show confidence in his ability to care for
himself, and from time to time he wouM
carefully turn himself to get a more rest
ful position. Yesterday he took the pre
caution to ask if he might be permitted
to move, but to-day he changed his po
sition on his own volition without difll
culty. The nurses naturally observed
with care these evidences of growing
strength and courage and were ready
to see that there was no undue tax on
the President's strength or the straining
of -the wound. These slight movements
from side to side were all that he haa at
tempted thus far. and it is too early yet
to think of his sitting up in bed or of
any other marked use of his muscles.
The President will be taken direct to
Washington as soon as it is safe to move
him.
he may be strong enough to b« moved a
little sooner.
CALL BUREAU. 1406 G STREET.
N. W., WASHINGTON, Sept. 10.
Chief of the Secret Service Wil
kie, with the help of police offi
cials throughout the United
States, is weaving a net which is
expected to ' catch within its
meshes' every- anarchist who is believed
to have conspired with Czolgosz to brins
about the attempted murder of President
McKinley.
In addition to the arrests made at Buf
falo two other arrests have been made
by Chief Wilkie's orders, those of An
tonio Maggio, at Santa Rita. N. M., yes
terday afternoon, and of Emma Goldman
in Chicago to-day. Orders are already
out for more arrests.
Secret Service Is Active.
Though it is not within the line of their
duties as defined by Congress the secret
service men have been able to keep in
touch with many of the leading anarch
ists throughout the country, and wuen
any of them are wanted it is probable
that Chief Wilkie will be able to locate
them with the help of the police authori
ties in the principal cities. Brass band
methods are not being used in work that
is now being done. Chief Wilkie always
pursues a policy of complete silence un
til results have been accomplished, and
he is more secretive than ever at this
time. No confederate of Czolgosz will
be warned to be on his guard by any
thing he can learn as to what the secret
service is doing.
There is reason to believe that Chief
PATIENT OUT OF DANGER,
Continued From Page One.
Attorney General Knox, who returned
to Washington to-day from Buffalo, is
devoting his attention to the legal as
pects of the attempt to kill the President.
He and Solicitor General Richards had a
long conference to-day about the ques
tion of whether Czolgosz and hia confed
erate. If a conspiracy can be-' proved,
should be tried in the United States
District Court at Buffalo or in a Stazo
court. No definite decision has yet been
reached on this matter and none will be
until the case haa been more carefully
developed.
Much the same policy Is being parsv.ed
in the discussion of the arrest or An
tonio Maggio. All that Chief Wilk!» will
say is that Maggio was arrested because
of statements he had made that Presi
dent McKinley would be shot before Oc
tober 1 and that he wished that he had
been selected to do the shooting. It la
known, however, that Chief Wilkie hai
information connecting Maggio with th©
Paterson gang of anarchists and show
ing that he was in communication with
other anarchists In different parts of the
country.
When questioned as to the reasons for
Maggio's arrest Wilkie replied that he
thoug*ht it would be "a good thing to ar
rest him and see what he had to say
for himself."
The Case Against Magglo.
Wilkie expects to connect Emma Gold,
man directly with the crime, especially in
view of the fact that Czolgosz went all
the way to Chicago to see the woman
whose utterances had inspired him to at
tempt to kill the President and. talked
with her about his project.
Special Dispatch to The Call
Greatest Secrecy Is Observed in Inquiry Being
Made by Officers, and Developments of a Sen
sational Character Are Awaited by the Public
Authorities in Every City Busy With the Work of
Investigation and Numerous Arrests of Persons
Inclined to Murderous Acts Soon to Be Known
POLICE ARE WEAVING
A WIDESPREAD NET
TO SNARE ANARCHISTS
UNCLE SAM'S VENGEANCE.
CONGRESS MAY SOON ENACT RIGID LAWS TO DRIVE REDS FROM THE COUNTRY
;? ' Denounces the Police.
Later in the day Miss Goldman was in
terviewed In the woman's annex at the
police station by an Associated Pres3 re
porter . and a stenographic report taken.
Miss Goldman said: -•¦ . "!.»
. "I feel sure that. the police are helping
us more than. I could do in ten years.
¦They., are making more anarchists than
theniost prominent people 'connected. with
, the i anarchist cause could make in ten
years. If they will' only continue' I shall
be very grateful; they will save me lots
of work." ; -
.' Asked if she. had been on the down
town streets before her arrest she an
swered : , • ."¦ ' .
"Certainly I have. I have been shop
ping—have been in restaurants;, in 'fact,
I passed the City Hall several times. The
police knew positively that I was coming
because ' I wrote on ' Friday from
St. • : Louis, -that I was coming
both to Mr.- > Haveland and to ¦ Mi\
Norris, that. I would come Sunday if . I
got throughwith my business on Satur
day, and if soil .would telegraph the hour
of my arrival. -I also' said that' if I did
not come on Sunday I would surely'come
on 'Monday or Tuesday. These^ letters
they 'must have seen -• at , 515 Carroll
,avenue:". .-..¦". : • ', -V: ' ' ' '
¦' "What do. you^ think of. your' own * ar
rest?" she;was asked; ; . .
' "If I told you," she replied, "it would
look somewhat conceited, and I j certainly
.would- notllke to be guilty of that: Not
only - my ¦ arrest but * the" others smack of
the Haymarket. The police are very much
in; disrepute all over: the country, and
they wish to do something to clear them
selves. They are trying to make it an
anarchist v plot.- If they wish-to make up
a case they may. succeed.'. •
Referring to th©: attempt on' the life of
the President' MlssGoldmansaid-/"'.;- r
"It ; is a dirty trick to charge In V the
.Czolgosz would, it is said, permit of the
former's, extradition from any State. .
of property and life on this coast. At one
, time he lived in Portland, Or.; later he
moved to San Francisco. There, Blumer
claims, a son of Isaaks is now studying
electricity, as his father says, to aid In
the manufacture of infernal machines.
One of Isaaks' Portland associates now
resides in Honer, a little place near Ta
coma.
Blumer says that he roomed in 1S98 and
18S9 at 13 Oak Grove avenue, in San Fran
cisco. There he became acquainted with
the Isaaks family, and there,. he claims,
he heard Emma Goldman laugh as she
said: - , >
"Oh, we will have a bloody revolution
some time soon."
In this house, Blumer said, he
While being led to the carriage which
was" waiting to' take her to the lockup
Miss Goldman for the first time lost her
self-possession. She broke down and
cried, and for a moment was merely a
weak woman in. distress: - She recovered
quickly, and by the time her foot touched
the carriage step she was- again Emma.
Goldman/ the high priestess of anarchy:
It is the opinion of several lawyers that
Miss Goldman cannot • be extradited for
trial' in New York: unless she and Czol
gosz are charged, with an offense under
the Federal statutes. The suggestion that
the would-be assassin must be tried un
der the State laws of New York for as
sault with Intent to kill, would, it is said,
preclude the possibility of Miss Goldman
being extradited, as an. accessory before
the fact, as her alleged' incendiary state
ments were not made in New York and
she is not a fugitive from justice from
that State. It is said, however, that she
and Czolgosz might: be charged \wlth\ an
offense under section' 5508 of the
statutes, which fixes a ten-year- term of
imprisonment and a $5000 fine for two or
more persons who -conspire to injure = any
citizen ... in the exercise • of any right se
cured to him by the constitution 1 and laws
°S i h , e V n . U 1 d • Sta . tes - The ¦ enforcement
of this statute against Miss Goldman and
Loses Self •Possession.
Miss Goldman was taken from the
Chief's office to the woman's annex of
the Harrison-street station, where- she
will spend the night. She will, according
to present plans, have- a hearing tb-mor
row morning.
Cv J. Norris, at whose home Miss Gold
man was captured, was arrested later.
Abraham Isaaks, Maurice Isaaks, Clem
ent Pf eutzer, Hippolyte Havel, , Henry
Travaglio, Alfred Schneider, Julia
Mechame, Marie Isaaks . and Marie
Isaaks Jr. They were arrested some days
ago. The women were allowed to go, but
the men were held without bail and are
now in jail. "-...• . •
workingman, listened to Abra
ham Isaaks and Emma Goldman plot an
archy, and revolution in San Francisco
three years ago. Mr. Blumer this even
ing gave a history of- the Isaaks group of
anarchists during their stay on the Pa
cific Coast.
The story is a startling one. According
to its details, Abraham Isaaks was for
more than two years plotting destruction
Sept. 10. — Abraham
A v Isaaks, arrested in Chicago for
w^ complicity in the alleged plot to
assassinate President McKinley,
Al J is said to be a Pacific Coast 1 an-
archist. Jacob Blumer, a Seattle
! "I> feer that " the mantis' an unfor
tunate: who has . been- driven, •¦ by de
spair'and misery: to "commit the deed. .1
feel deeply with him. as an individual, and
I would feel with anybody who suffers. If
I hadmeans I would help him as much as
I could: I- would' see- that he had counsel
and that justice was- done him.",, -,. , .,¦¦ :
9 Althcugh'the'whole world waited eager
ly Friday afternoon for the bulletins from'
the President's bedside, Miss Goldman did
not-icare enough about the report that
he had been shot, which 1 she heard* news
boys/shouting^ to .buy a paper. It,. was
Saturday noon before, her interest" was
sufficiently#aroused ¦ to cause- her to buy . a
newspaper, containing the story. She was
more; Interested- in' the arrest of i the Chi
cago '. 'anarchists than in the President's
condition.': . ,. ' ; - 4 _..'. ..>¦" ..;:;:,.•
.' When asked'why'she did "not appear^be-'
heard Isaaks and others advocate mur
der, destruction by dynamite' and fire" as
a means to gain liberty. He continued:
"At 13 Oak Grove avenuethisgangpub
lished the Free Society. By this paper
and the propagation of anarchistic
pamphlets Isaaks- lived. I roomed di
rectly above the Isaaks family and vis
ited them . often. Their room was head
quarters for the anarchists. I met Emma
Goldman in that room and heard her ad
vocate revelutlon and prophesy blood
shed. I heard Isaaks and Mrs. Isaaks say
that freedom could result only from an
archy, that anarchy could- only, come by
the assassination of prominent men and
the" destruction of- the property of the
rich."
newspaper reports that it was the result
of an anarchist. Mark Hanna has been
the ruler of this country, not McKinley.
McKinley has been the most insignificant
ruler that this country has ever-had. He
has neither wit nor intelligence, but has
been a tool in* the hands of Mark Hanna.
Other Presidents have had a- . heart or
something, but this poor '.fellow— <3od> for
give = him, since he knows nothing— is a
tool in the hands of the wealthy, and it
seems I very remarkable for Mark Hanna
to say. that he was notified of a : plot for
his' assassination. I think McKinley too
insignificant for such a thing."
"What man in 'the United States is of
sufficient 1 prominence to warrant such a
plot?" she was- asked.
"I am. not in a position to say," -replied
Miss- Goldman, "who ought . to be killed.
The monopolists and the wealthy of; this
country are responsible for- the existence
of a» Czolgosz." If. imperialism^ would not
grow- in this country, if the liberties of
the- people- were not trampled under foot,
there .would have been no violence." .
Referring to the would-be assassin; Miss
Goldman said: ¦¦¦ •* • , . ,
Special Dispatch to The Call.
EMMA GOLDMAN AND ISAAKS PLOT DESTRUCTION
OF LIFE AND PROPERTY ON THE PACIFIC COAST
¦ "I was born" in St. Petersburg. Russia,
thirty-two years ago; I came to this
country with my, sister, who is : now in
Rochester, sixteen years ago. I speak
Russian, German. French and English. I
came from the middle class in Russia,
but .my heart ha3 . always been with the
poor and down-trodden. The injustice of
the Haymarket prosecution made an an
archist, of *me;. I -haw taughf the- creed
of anarchy; ever since.", ..-.--
VAs to.my arrest,' if the' police had
waited; a I few minutes longer," they would
have saved themselves the trouble— and
the glory. I was about : to. give : myself
up;, I. would have done so last night had
I not had a severe headache. I decided
.that I would go this; -morning and. give
myself up. When Captain. Schuetler came
out to arrest me he- found me dressing,
and I had a little fun with him as I have
told 'you before.
"As I have repeatedly, said, it is fool
ish to think that this man would claim
that he did that deed alone and unaided,
and. at the same' time claim that I In
spired him. If he had accomplices and
still, claims* that he was acting alone, do
you think he would have singled me out
as the only friend he would not protect
by assuming entire responsibility? He
may have heard ¦• me - in • Cleveland, for I
lectured .there .twicer on May 6 -last.
In reference to Czolgosz's alleged state
ment that he was inspired by a lecture
of Miss Goldman, in Cleveland, the pris
oner said: •¦ -.- ¦' • " ¦ ,
Denies There Are Accomplices.
fore the police when she learned that she
was wanted, Miss Goldman said: -
' "For reasons of my own I did not make
myself known. I like to fool the police
when I can. The very fact that I came
to -Chicago shows that I had no intention
of hiding myself. If I had wanted I
would have'been able to go from St. Louis
right across to Canada, and then they
world have looked for me a long time. ; I
came here especially to be on the spot
when I saw the necessity of announcing
myself to the police, and also to be able
to help Mr. Isaaks and his family, they
being among the anarchists arrested. If
the police were able to connect me with
the- attack on the President I was ready
to give myself up.
"When I arrived In Chicago I went to
a hotel and registered under an assumed
name. Later I went to the home of C. P.
Norrts, whom I have known In a business
way for about a year. As far as I know,
he is not an anarchist, but he saw no
reason why one individual should not give
shelter to another in this land of the free,
and he did it."
Asked if she thought Czolgosz's act was
praiseworthy from her view point, she
answered:
: "I .am -not In a position to say, whether
¦it*was -good or:,bad. It 'is bad if or the
man who attempted to do it. I am not
in his boots, and know nothing about it.
What I don't see is why they should make
more fuss about' the President than any
body else. ¦ All men are born equal."
'.'But some men rise above the equality
of birth," a reporter suggested. We are
all ; interested In the man whom, we have
made our chief."
"I don't think that men put himin- of
fice; I. think money put him in office,"
she replied.
"fhe President's physicians have been
impressed with his remarkable recupera
tive powers and the rapidity of his im
provement.. Ordinarily an incision for
such an operation as was performed upon
the chief executive should heal within
three weeks, but in the President's case
Great Recuperative Powers.
Vice Presldant Roosevelt read with
eagerness the dispatch from the Milburn
mansion telling of the President' s^ Im
provement. When he had finished he
clapped his hands joyously, and with
tears in his eyts said to Mr. Wilcox, his
''"There! Didn't I tell you God would
not let such a noble man die by an as
sassin's bullet?" •
Mr. Wilcox announced that the vice
President had been urged, in view of tha
President's improved condition, to utilize
his last day in seeing some of the Pan-
American Exposition, notably the Gov
ernment building. The Vice President de
clined the invitation with some little ve
hemence. He said:
"I. do not believe, even though I am as
sured of the President's convalescence,
that it would be entirely proper for me
to take part In any of the festivities. I
have studiously refrained from going out
or being entertained during my visit, and
I will continue that policy until I leave.
I came here absolutely as a matter of
duty, both to the President and to the
people, and not for pleasure."
Vice President's * Joy.
went back to Washington to-night. Ab
ner McKinley, the President's brother,
will remain a few days longer, but his
family have returned home, and Mrs.
Duncan and several other relatives of the
President have gone. Judge Day, long
and closely associated with the President,
returned to Canton this afternoon. The
five members of the Cabinet still here
will remain a few days, rather as friends
who have been intimately associated with
the President for several years than as
officials.
Denies Her Identity.
When Captain Schuetler and Detective
Hertz discovered her at the home of one
"Czolgosz," and the woman- pronounced
the name with the greatest ease, "may
have been inspired by me, but he took
the wrong way of showing it"
"Am 1 accountable because some crack
brained person puts a wrong construction
on my words? Leon Czolgosz, I am con
vinced, planned the deed unaided and en
tirely alone. There is no anarchist ring
which would help him. There may be
anarchists who murder, but there are
also men in every walk of life who some
times feel the impulse to kill. I don't
know surely, but I think Czolgosz was
one of those down-trodden men who sees
all the misery which the rich inflict upon
the poor, who think of it, who brood over
it, and then in despair resolve to strike a
great blow, as they think, for the good of
their fellowmen. But that is not an
archy. . •
"Not even in your lectures?" she was
asked. "He says your words set his
brain on fire."
"I am an anarchist— a student of sociol
ogy—but nothing in anything I ever said
to Czolgosz knowingly could have lea him
to do the act which startled everybody
Friday."
A Student of Sociology.
another until the police she had derided
so much had taken the matter into their
own hands. She was held on a warrant
sworn out by Captain Colleran, charging
her with conspiracy to murder the Presi
dent.
It is expected that the city will ask for
a continuance of the case, pending ad
vices from Buffalo.
"I shall insist upon an immediate hear
ing." she said, in speaking of the prob
ability of a postponement being asked
for by the city prosecutor. "They want
me to go to ICew York without requisi
tion papers, but I will not go; I know the
legal ropes, and I'll make them fight
every step. And I am not afraid to go
at that."
Admits Meeting Czolgosz.
Miss Goldman's manner was defiant as
she was taken to the office of the Chief
of Police, but she disclaimed all knowl
edge of Czolgosz and his crime, save that
eue admitted having met him here
July 12.
"Do you know that your words are
what Czolgosz elaims stirred him to
shoot the President?" she was asked.
"I do not: I never advocated violence.
I scarcely knew the man. I was leaving
for Rochester via Buffalo when Czolgosz
had A' few words 'with me. He said he
had heard me lecture at some memorial
hall in Cleveland last May and that he
.wanted to know me. He said he knew I
was in Chicago and looked me up. I
scarcely remember anything about him,
save that his complexion was light."
"Then how do you know that this
is the one who tried to kill the Presi
dent?" • ' ...
"Oh," -she replied, with a shrug of the
shoulders, "I guessed that from what the
newspapers say."
Thought He Was a Fool.
"What did you think when you heard
that an attempt to kill the President had
been made?" the woman was asked.
With a wave of her hands and another
shrug of her shoulders she replied dis
dainfully: "I thought— I thought, *Oh,
the fool.' "
The prisoner's manner thus far had been
growing more and more excited, although
she made an evident effort to control her
self. In this she finally succeeded and
launched into a discourse on the teach
ings of anarchy. She declared that an
archy did not teach men to do the act
¦which had made Czolgosz despised an-1
hateci the world over.
"We -work against the system, and edu
cation is our watchword," she said. "It
was early last June when I came to Chi
cago to visit the Isaaks family," she con
tinued in answer to interrogations con
cerning her whereabouts recently.
"On the night of July 12 Mr. Isaaks was
cut of the house. The bell rang and I
went to the door. The man who, I learn
through the newspapers, was Czolgosz,
stood there. He said he wanted to see
me. I was about to catch the Nickel
Plate train, as I and Mr. Isaaks'-daugh
ter were about to gx> to Rochester. He
went to the Rock Island depot with us,
but I was so busy taking leave of my
friends that I scarcely noticed him. It
was not a time when one would want
to make new friends. At the depot I had
the few words with him of which I have
told. That was all there ever was be
tween us.
Continued From Page One.
When the interview was over Captain
Luke Coleran, chief of detectives, served
a warrant on Miss Goldman, charging her
with conspiracy to murder the President.
The warrant was sworn to by Captain
Coleran. It gives as her co-conspirators
Isaaks and Miss Goldman deny the as
sertion. They claim that they saw him
last on July 12. This discrepancy In the
stories is now one of the chief points
which the police are trying to solve. They
adhere to the theory that the attack on
the President was the result of a plot
and that they believe the plot was
hatched in the West.
A message from Chief Bull of Buffalo
to Chief of Detectives Coleran asserts
that Czolgosz was in Chicago on August
18 in company with Emma Goldman and
Abraham Isaaks.
"I'm afraid I cannot help them now,"
said Miss Goldman, when the news wa3
brought to her..
At a conference this afternoon the city
authorities resolved to continue to hold
Isaaks and other alleged anarchists under
arrest here without bail.
The chief's office was crowded -while
Miss Goldman talked. Mayor Harrison
was an interested auditor.
Miss Goldman answered in the negative.
She declared that she had stayed at the
Hollenden under an assumed name, so
that the reporters would not bother her.
Miss Goldman's arrest was in answer
to a request sent to the various police
chiefs of the country from Buffalo. Chief
O'Neal telegraphed -Chief Bull, of his cap
ture and will hold the prisoner until the
Buffalo officer takes charge of her.
Talks in Chief's Office*
During the interview Walter Nowak,
who says that he is the" Buffalo man who
identified Czolgosz. asked Miss Goldman
if she boarded with a family of the name
of Mendel while in Cleveland.
"Oh, as to that, I was not quite ready
to show myself. My friends were still in
jail and I wanted to do something for
them. However, you've got me, but what
is there to it? They had me once in N«\v
York because I quoted Cardinal Manning,
who said, 'Necessity knows ¦ no law," but
what good did that do them?" i
"Why did you deny your Identity?" the
captain pursued.
Not Ready to Show Herself.
"Well," she answered slowly, "I have
been looking for men to go on their bonds,
providing the courts would allow us to
furnish them."
During the talk which followed Miss
Goldman detailed, as best she could
recollect, her movements since last July.
She went from Chicago- to Buffalo, ac
companied by Miss Isaaks, the daughter
of the alleged anarchist editor, under ar
rest here. In Buffalo they stopped two
days and then proceeded to Rochester,
where they stopped at the home of Miss
Goldman's sister, Mrs. H. Hochstefn, of
213 Joseph street. Here they visited a lit
tle more than five weeks. The incident
of it was a short visit to Niagara Falls
and another to New York on business.
In the latter city Miss Goldman entered
temporarily into the employ of a firm,
the name of which she would not divulge:
Business for them carried her to Pitts
burg. She was in Cincinnati Labor day
and that night left for St. Louis.
"I saw the police there Sunday all
right," the prisoner said, with a sarcastic
little laugh, "but they did not see me. I
lieard of the arrest of Isaaks and his
family and other anarchists in Chicago
and determined to come here and see if
I could • not help them. Isaaks had not
¦been in the country long and I was afraid
he would not know what to do when in
legal difficulties.."
"What have you done to help them?"
Captain Schuetler asked.
Movements of the "Woman.
"It means that the game is up," she
said. She then admitted her identity
fully and accompanied the officer. The
woman was hurried to the police chief's
office. Her appearance tallied exactly
with the descriptions sent out yesterday.
"What does this mean," ask^d Captain
Schuetler, holding the inscribed pen
holder.
"All right: I speak Swedish myself;"
said the police officer, as he poured a few
questions in the Norse tongue.
Miss Goldman did not answer him, af
fecting to misunderstand. Detective
Hertz, meanwhile, had found a penholder
with the name "Emma Goldman" en
graved on it.
"I m not Miss Goldman, I'm a Swedish
woman and my name is Lena Larsen,"
answered the anarchist, endeavoring to
imitate a Swedish dialect.
"Hello, Miss Goldman," said the cap
tain as he entered the parlor. "Are you
glad to see me?"
Xorrls at £03 Sheffield avenue she denied
her identity.
ARREST II CHICAGO- OF EMMA EOLDMUi PREACHER OF ANARCHY,
B' UFFALO, Sept. 10.— All the mem
bers of the President's official
family, as well as such members
of Congress a-s have been drawn
to this city by the attempt upon
his life, are agreed that the nation should
and will take some positive action in the
direction of stamping out anarchy. Be
fore any move can be made a law must
be passed providing a penalty for the
crime and a method of procedure against
men and women who profess the danger
ous doctrines which bore fruit in Czol
gosz's act. It is predicted that Congress
will not delay action.
So strong is the feeling that it prob
able that the United States, should the
opportunity arise, will join willingly with
While none of the members of the" Cabi
net will talk of the plan which has been
under discussion they are unanimous hi
entertaining strong views upon the sub
ject. " • . .
Vice President Roesevelt has been ac
companied by detectives of the secret ser
vice since his arrival. Their presence has
been a source of annoyance to the Vico
President, who feels that he is perfectly
safe: Nevertheless, as he stands next in
line of succession in the case of the Presi
dent's death, it has been deemed neces
sary to have two detectives accompany
him at a discreet distance wherever he
goes.
European countries in a world-wide move
ment against these enemies of constituted
authority and the theories upon which
modern society is based.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Vice-President Roosevelt Is Being Guarded by the
Secret Service Detectives to Render Impossible
the Act of Another Assassin at the Exposition
ANARCHY'S DOWNFALL
IS NOW PREDICTED
BY THE LAWMAKERS
¦ ¦
Feeling Aroused by the Vicious Attempt on Presi
dent IMinley's Life Must Cause Action by Con
gress to Suppress the Horde of Murderous Reds
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNK SPAY, SEPTEMBER 11, 1901.
2
J(heumatistn
What is the use of telling the rheumatic
that he feels as if his joints were being dis-
located? . . ., _ i "j?
He knows that bis sufferings are very
much like the tortures of the racSr.
What he want* to know is what will per*
manently cure his disease.
. That, according to thousands of grateftu
testimonials, is
Hood's Sarsaparilla
It promptly neutralizes the acid In the
blood' on which the disease depends, com-
pletely eliminates it, and strengthens the
system against its return. Try Hood's.
DR.MEYERS&CO. J|pi%
Specialist. Disease dgl3£» \§»
and weakness of »|5|f p
men. Established jr&r !&*i
1SSL Consultation TCV« Tf&n ©f
and private book \V«L H
tree, at office or by '-^gjAj
mail. Cures guar- KSfS^SaSr
anteed. 731 Mar- J^^^SE^W
ket street (eleva- r&SS/iCvL '"'
tor entrance). San §" i ®?»*
Francisco. • Tt>*^
Weekly Call, $1.00 per Year
A TyUTJTR.'TTSV M UMIM
,^^^fe •;'! Pianos. Almost
1 1 \ Given Awayl
\\ \ jg^^^'^l'M fl Take elevator at 933 Market St. to our
' J >*l^?y\^^^V' -V£» -I P* ano where, beginning to-
fca-r-5-^^ \ \ im§i0&5T& i^ ' d ?*v we commence a sale of all used.
&f^ *vS.\~ tf^rfeTni \n Pianos— squares, uprights and grands.
1 "VHta^J? '! ¦\utf.^ = 'i J hese . second-hand pianos will be sold
-¦_-*—* _V* XT f$V» Jl \dlJ} v a from ?2d.00 up. They are pianos we have.
"Sfr \ \\lr\l rO taker, in as part payment for Ludwig,
\ \^X\\l^.A 1^^^ Packard, Hardman. Everett. Steck,
V_ JA \i V^T^^^Zj Harrington and other pianos which. we
: "* — X Our wareroom facilities at the present
*- V U time are limited, and we cannot^ allow
jr^. ' \X''\ '¦¦¦¦- . ? n accumulation of' .old. Instruments;
'*&%£ rP \ A hence this sale. All these instruments
VZr 0tJ\ £22^ ¦ have been tnrou eh our piano ; hospital .
"27*1 "*— *- BS * 5—^ and are in good trim for active use. iV
THE WILEY B. ALLEN CO,, AVh0le8aIe £&£*« p ""«>
933 MAKRET STREET, SAN FRANCISCO.
BRANCH tj 931 BROADWAY. OAKLAND.The i Secretary will , to-day . Invite proposals
for the sale, to the Government of $20,000 000 of
United '¦ States bonds other than the * ne'w • 2s
It Is believed these steps will relieve. the other
wise possible embarrassments mentioned in
your telesram of yesterday. :.
Respecting the unavoidable influence unori
general business affairs of a continued ah
sorptlon into the public - treasury of revenup
beyond . expenditure I , have - directed that in
coming Internal revenue receipts be placed
with national bank depositories until a balance
with each is reached equal to the par value of
the bonds - held as - security from i such elenosi
tories. This will . divert about J5.000.000 : from
the treasury vaults. .' , : . ' "
WASHINGTON, Sept.lO.-Secretaryof
the Treasury Gage to-day sent the follow
ing telegram to F. D. Tappen. chairman of
the Clearing House Association- New York
Secretary of the Treasury Sends Tele
gram to New York -Clearing- -v
House.
WANTS PROPOSALS
FOR^A BOND SAlE
PITTSBURG, Sept. 10.— President Shaf
fer and his advisers in the general office
of the Amalgamated Association hold the
power by authority of the general execu
tive board of the organization- to settle
the steel strike. Shaffer and his advisers
apparently allowed to-day to lapse, after
this authority was vested in them, with
out coming to any settlement. On. Mon
day it is said, the executive board direct
ed President Shaffer, together with Sec
retary-treasurer Williams, Assistant Sec
retary" Tighe and Ben* I. 'Davis of the ad
visory board to settle without delay on the
best terms obtainable. .
The strike to-day in this section was full
of exciting incidents, and unless a speedy
settlement of the troubles is effected in
dications point to exceedingly lively times
from now on. - That both sides are deter
mined on a desperate fight seems evident.
The first evidence of this was shown,- in
the early hours of the day, when a gang
of bricklayers attempted to enter the Na
tional Tube plant at McKeesport and were
turned back. No actual violence resulted,
but had' the workmen insisted on their
right to enter some persons would surely
have been hurt. . _
The tube workers who were turned back
yesterday did not . venture a second at
tempt to-day, and the plant to-night, is
dark and idle. V '.'X:^
r It : was reported that ' the -management
had come to PI ttsburg to secure the pro
tection of Sheriff > McKinley,, but to-night
the Sheriff said no ; call had been made
upon him. The Demmler plant was in
partial operation to-day.^ \
The first violence of the strike ¦ at Mc-
Keesport, it is reported; took place to
night, when three workmen were set upon
by strikers or / strike sympathizers and
badly beaten. Henry , Weir, a water tender
at - the ; tube " works, - when '.he - came s from
the mill to-night, was ; i warned not to j re
turn in : the - morning. He started to i run,
followed by a crowd., He .was caught and
beaten so badly that- his. condition -is seri
ous. Charles , Meyers, a labor ; boss . . at
Demmler, .was ; a 'so badly, beaten. -by a
crowd ¦• when he"' returned * to TMcKeesDort,
and John . Isenberg, a furnace bullder.'at
the National Rolling Mill, parted .with the
greater, part { of v his ••.= clothing -. before .he
could ; escape r f rom Z the : strikers who ; en-^
deavored to prevent him entering the mill.
The streets to-night -are- filled with' men,
who' are protesting that the mill shall not
1 »«»r *At ¦ ¦ • . "¦-¦: ' ¦ - ¦ . ' ¦ ¦ "" '. - '
Make Peace, but Proceedings
Axe Belayed.
President Shaffer Has Authority to
STRIKERS ARE WAITING ;
FOR THE SETTLEMENT
The bond that ! the Sempervirens Club
ha<l on the land has expired and the State
may now deal directly with the Big Basin
Lumber Company or other, owners of
lends that may be suitable for a park
wltnout considering any third party in the
matter The Commissioners have an ad
vJsory committee that is composed of men
who are all familiar. with the values of
timber-lands in different parts of the
State. • In „ addition to their advice the
Commissioners have expressed a determin
ation to have every forty-acre tract that
they may consider eligible for park tmr
ptses appraised separately by a timber
exrert. . who will visit the Big .Basin and
make a report independently of all out
side influences: The bond that the Semper
virens Club had expired last week -
The State Redwood 'Park Commlssion
eis are now free to' deal independently
with. the matter of acquiring a park in the
Big Basin in Santa Cruz County. The
lands that were supposed to be ;the most
desirable for park purposes in the Big
Basin, being traversed by the picturesque
east fork of the Waddell Creek, were all
uncer bond to the . extent of about 2500
acres to the Sempervirens Club, which has
its headquarters in San Jose, J with mem
beiship in several counties. The Commis
sioners have declared the situation to be
anomalous and have declared that they
would not have any dealings that con
templated the intervention of a third
party between the State as a purchaser
and the^ real owners of the timber land
in the Big^Basin. Certain of the Com
m ls . £ 1 ,? ne^ s , have backed .up the contention
of The Call that the price asked, for the
land is high, being at the rate of J100 per
acre.. *
Redwood Commission
ers Free to'' Deal
With Owners.
BOND ON BASIN
LANDS EXPIRES
OKE of the prettiest weddings of
the season will be celebrated this
evening at St. Paulus' German
Evangelical Lutheran Church,
when Miss Lulu Habenicht and
Peter Clarence Sloan will be married by
Rev. Dr. Theiss of Oakland.
-Mr. Sloarr will have for best man Law
rence Hawks and the bride will be at
tended by Miss Anita Habenicht, her sis
ter, as maid of honor. The bridesmaids
will be Miss Evelyn Bendel and Miss Elsa
Frank. A. G. Lang, Richard M. Hotaling,
Rudolph Habenicht and . Harry Hawks
will act as ushers.
At the conclusion, of the ceremony the
wedding guests will. repair to the Palace
Hotel, where a reception will be held In
the Maple room. Mr. Sloan and wife will
depart later for a honeymoon trip through
the southern part of the State. On their
return to this city they will take up
housekeeping. s,
Miss Habenicht, the bride-to-be, is the
daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Fritz Haben
icht of 1321 Pine street and granddaughter
of Mrs. Van Bergen and a brother of
George Habenicht, the .photographer.
v Mr. Sloan is well known In insurance
circles. He is a member of the .Corinthian
Yacht Club, and has taken a ; prominent
part in all its entertainments.
Mrs Gose, wife of Captain E. B. Gose, Twen
ty-fourth Infantry; Mrs. Jones, wife of Cap
tain E. N. Jones, Eighth Infantry; Mrs. Jernl
gan wife of Lieutenant Frank Jernlgan; Lieu
tenant E. H. Agnews, Twenty-sixth Infantry,
and wife; Mrs. Brown, wife i of Contract Sur
geon H D. Brown; Mrs. West, wife of Lieu
tenant E. S. West, Sixth Cavalry; Mrs. Ker
wln wife of Lieutenant A. R. Kerwln, Thir
teenth Infantry; Mrs. Dentler. wife of Captain
C E. Dentler; Captain A. M. Edwards; Mrs.
McCullough, wife of Captain C. C. McCullough,
assistant surgeon; Lieutenant W. A. Clender/
Seventeenth Infantry; Lieutenant H. C. M.
Supplee Nineteenth Infantry, who . goes in
command of the recruits, and Major ' Philip
Keade,- Fourth Infantry.
The equipment of the artillery stationed
at the Presidio is being gradually com
pleted and the ; Calif ornia post is resum
ing its position in fact as well as repu
tation as the chief artillery depot of the
United States. The equipment for the
Eighteenth Company of field artillery,
Captain D. J. Rumbaugh commanding,
has arrived and as soon as the necessary
horses have been purchased the company
will be ready to take the field in regula
tion shape. Captain Rumbaugh has been
appointed president of a board to go to
Amedee to purchase the necessary horses.
One hundred and twenty-five will be re
quired.
The Eighteenth Infantry is expected to
leave Manila on September 15 on the
transport Kilpatrick. The headquarters
has' been ordered to Fort D. A. Russell,
"Wyoming. The. transport Thomas left
Manila September 5 with thirty-six sick
and eight insane patients aboard.'
Thirty funerals were held yesterday at
the Presidio Cemetery.
There will be a concert given this even
ing at the General Hospital for the bene
fit of the sick and wounded. It will be
under the auspices of Mrs. Marriner
Campbell. ' '¦'" ";••'¦»*•
Lieutenant Kimball, Third Cavalry, has
reported here, en route to the Philippines.
The transport Sumner is expected to
said next Thursday and will take eighty
two passengers, including thirty school
teachers and the following named army
.people:
Array.
0
The Eighteenth Company
j Will Soon Be in Field
Richmond District Improvement As~
sociation Urges the Taxing of
Railways in Districts.
The Richmond District Improvement
Association has forwarded to the Board
of Supervisors a resolution concerning
the proposed ordinance to increase the
license tax on streetcars. After calling
attention to the facts that the Sutro road
compelled the Market street road to lower
the fare from 10 to 5 cents to the Cliff
House; that the San Mateo road com
pelled the same company to extend its
lines, and that the Sutro, San Mateo and
Presidio roads are operated at a loss, tho
resolution savs :
Resolved, That while we heartily concur tn
the purpose of your board, we believe that tho
tax should be so levied that no additional bur
dens shall be Imposed upon roads that deal hon
estly with the people, and which have not been
a source of profit to their owners, but that It
should be levied upon the monopoly which
maintains tracks upon all of the streets in the
business part of the city for the purpose ot
preventing op*posltlon lines from gaining accesa
to the travel, while at the same time It has an.
efficient accommodation for the people on only
a fi»w etreets. We believe that this can be best
obtained by taxing streetcar roads in districts,
or taxing their profits: and be It further
Resolved. That It behooves your board to
now take such stepa as will enable the city
to immediately operate the Geary-street road
upon the expiration of its franchise in April
seven months hence.
Public ownership is the only solution of the
Question.
Hghtful wit, bristling with strong and
splendid situations and containing a
finale for a fourth act that would stir
even the mythical Ice maiden.
There was not one member of the com
pany miscast in the production. Neill
shone as the manly and witty Myles
O'Hara. Miss Chapman was a delight
fully fascinating Kitty Woodstock. A3
Phyllis Welter Julia Dean was bright
and fetching. Frank MacVlcars was a
comfortable Sir Budleigh, Donald Bowles
made a splendid Geoffrey Tudor and
George Bloomquest an excellent Rev.
Mr. Spoon er. . • .
"The Jilt" will be repeated at the
Thursday matinee. This evening "A
Bachelor's Romance" will be the bill.
On Thursday evening "A Royal Box"
•will be presented and on Friday evening,
the farewell night of the Neill Company.
"The Lottery of Love" will be given. - .
An interesting incident of the Wednes
day and Thursday night performances
will . be the setting of the second act in
full view of the' audience.
Surely the little Tivoli was transported
for a brief season by some modern Alad
din to mercurial Mexico or old Madrid
last night while "Carmen" was being
sung. The audience of t,he season greeted
Collamarini In her great part, laughed
with her, rained flowers on her and ap
plauded her with heel and hand in a truly
Latin enthusiasm that is usually far from
us. It was a foreign performance all
around, off and on the stage. -
From the untraditional brigand -of Cor
tesi, who usually acts his part even when
the audience may reasonably be supposed
to have both eyes on the heroine, to the
delicious unconventionallsm of said hero
ine when she rushes on the stage after
Mlcaela's solo In the third act, and im
petuously thrusts a huge basket of La
France roses into her astonished hand,
meanwhile kissing her enthusiastically— >t
was all of another land than this. The
Tivoli has put on the piece with com
mendable care, and all around the opera
shows that unusual effort has been ex
pended on its production. Not that it
went altogether smoothly, for it . was
rough indeed in places, though going all
through with much spirit. But the varied
excitement of the evening was quite suffi
cient to account for the rough edges of
the performance, and to-morrow evening
will doubtless see it quilted and fined
down, to Its great advantage.
The cast is all familiar as far as the
principals go and little remains to be said
thereupon. Collamarini is the same will
ful, fascinating Carmen, with her rich,
warm voice, and characteristic sins in its
use. She drops so quaintly from Carmen
into Collamarini, just as last year, and as
easily back again. The only change — one
not for the better— is her added avoirdu
pois, and one rather resents some slight
loss of prettiness In consequence. But it
remains that her Carmen is the favorite
role of the season, and she was welcomed
last night with a most loyal and laudable
enthusiasm by her hosts of admirers.
Russo does some of his best work as Don
Jose, singing with fire and acting the un
lucky captain's part with tremendous en
ergy. Ferrari surprised with a dramatic
and picturesque rendering of the torea
dor's song that' was redemanded with
considerable enthusiasm, and Nicolini was
a lazy Zuniga, permitting his lady love to
make eyes at Don Jose without any of the
usual outward and visible signs of jeal
ousy or even impatience. It is good of
Repetto to sing the part of Micaela, it be
ing by no means grateful to her. Gertrude
Hopkins and Sannie Kruger undertake
the minor roles of Mercedes and Frasqulta
acceptably, and Zani and Cortesi are two
of the best brigands the Tivoli has had.
It was a most grateful change from the
habitual custom of the house, by the way,
to have the brigand scene given without
the amazing spoken interpolations that
have frequently shocked the listener at
the Tivoli. "Carmen" will probably be
continued next week, and "Faust" is to
night's bill.
The California.
Mr. Neill and his splendid - little band
of players have never shown to better
advantage than they did last evening in
Dion Boucicault's play of "The Jilt."
"The Jilt" is one of the very few plays
that wears we'll. If . some ' clever stage
manager -would^tako hold dt .the old play
and lift bodily some of the long-drawn
out secrets that the confiding players tell
to, a not altogether unwilling audience
they would have a modern up-to-date
comedy, scintillating 'with a. clean, de-
OPPOSES INCREASE OF
LICENSE ON STREETCAKS
FULL EQUIPMENT
FOR ARTILLERY
The State Board of Trade makes a busi
ness of disseminating information abroad
concerning- the resources of California for
the purpose of encouraging immigration,
to the State. The requests for such, in
formation cover a wide range of topics.
The fame of California as a mining State
has established the fact that there would
be demands for mining literature from
persons who might come here from
abroad to mine. Such inquiries have
been made to quite a large number an
nually ever since the State* Board of
Trade came into existence, and they were
always answered .until within the last
few weeks by forwarding, free of charge,
some bulletin of the State Mining Bureau.
Now inquirers are informed that they
can get the information they desire only
by paying a specified price, and they re
ceive in answer to their requests for in
formation a printed slip, issued by the
State Mineralogist, in which that an
nouncement is set forth clearly. The
State Board of Trade cannot give the in
formation that is sought, and there is an
obstacle that there is no seeming way of
overcoming while there is a price for the
Mining Bureau publications.
A difference of opinion has developed
between the State Mineralogist and the
State -Board of Trade concerning the
method of distributing the publications
'of the State Mining Bureau.- Until qulto
I recently, the ; bulletins and other reports
'prepared under the -direction of the State
Mineralogist' have been given gratuitous
ly to any, one who sought them. Out of
this ' practice grew, several abuses, one of
which Was the cornering of a valuable
edition of any sort by second-hand book
men, who then sold the copies at a round
price when there was a 'demand for them.
From this it" resulted that the edition of
an" oil bulletin prepared by Professor
Watt in the administration of State Min
eralogist Cooper was soon exhausted and
copies were for sale for,$l 50 in the second
hand book stores, and a speculator made
hay. while the sun shone by having it un
derstood that he had a limited number of
copies that he would sell at the price
named, viz., $1 50 per copy.
When State Mineralogist Aubury en
tered into office he found that several
standard bulletins were out of print and
there were not sufficient funds available
to reprint them. He therefore concluded
that all publications of the State Mining
Bureau should hereafter .have a price,
and he took pains to have that fact ad
vertised. ¦ ' , v. ¦ ¦ - • '.¦¦¦;¦¦¦-'«
•Difference Arises Between
jBoard of Trade and ;
Mineralogist.
didly in "The Jilt" at
California.
Neill Company Shows Splen-
Miners Abroad Fail to
Get Facts About the
State Free.
Performance.
Spell of Old Madrid
Hangs Over "Carmen"
TARIFF SHUTS
OUT INQUIRERS
FLOWERS MIRED
OR COLLAMARINI
THE ; SATST FRAN CISCO CAJL.L.; WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER- 1 X , 1 901.
CZOLCQSZ, THE ANARCHIST,
. HAKES -A -FULL- CONFESSION
Continued:^ From Page One.
some identifications.
Dr. I. Saylin, who entertained
Emma Goldman- and her mother
when the two women were in
Buffalo, is being sought by the
police. It cannot be learned that
a warrant for his arrest has been
issued, but his explanations are
earnestly desired. He left.Buffa
lo suddenly last Friday night a
few hours after the attempted as
sassination of President McKin
ley. His wife, who denies all
knowledge of Emma Goldiran,
says that the doctor has gone in
search of health, but that she
knows nothing more of his pres«
ent whereabouts than -that he" is
far awav from Buffalo.
Slight Irritation Causes New Opera-
WOUND REOPENED
BY THE SURGEONS
tion, but Medical Men Are Not
Apprehensive.
MILBUBN HOUSE, BUFFALO, Sept.
10.— Late to-night there was a slight scare
at the Milburn residence, caused by the
protracted visit of the consulting physi
cians, who -remained almost two hours,
and this was increased by the announce
ment in the official' bulletin issued just
before midnight that a slight irritation
of the wound, discovered only to-night,
had necessitated the opening of a few
of the stitches. A5)<^
As stated in the bulletin, which all the
doctors signed, this irritation was at
tributed to the fact that a small portion
¦of the President's coat had been carried
into the body by the bullet, and although
this foreign substance was removed a
slight disturbance developed which made
it necessary to open the wound. v'r'.vV'
The doctors seek to allay all apprehen
sion by the positive statement that this
incident cannot give rise to other com
plications, and their frankness in giv
ing the news to the public leaves no rea
son to question their good faith. Further
facts communicated in the bulletin, that
the President is now well enough to be
gin taking nourishment in the mouth in
the form of pure beef juice, was of course
gratifying, but to the laymen the. mere
mention of a complication, however 1
slight it might be, naturally created
alarm. But the most positive assurances
v.-ere given that the only effect might be
to delay slightly the healing of the
wound. It was not In any way the result
even of a suggestion of blood poisoning.
The physicians declared over their own
signatures that it could not. result in
complications. ¦ ;¦¦•'•
The opening of the wound, was in no
sense an operation. Several of the
stitches were simply taken out, and after
a thorough washing of the tissue the
wound was again sewed up. Considerable
delay was caused by the fact that a.cer
tain dressing desired by the surgeons was
not in the house, and it was necessary to
send to the city for it. The first time
the messenger returned he did not have
what was wanted and he had to make
another trip. • •*'•' .'•* ."
After the bulletin was issued Secretary
Cortelyou and Mr. Mllburn - came to . the
press tent to dispel any alarm that might
have arisen with positive assurance of
the unimportance of the incident. Secre
tary Cortelyou announced that • there
would not be another 'consultation until
morning.
After all this it was quiet at the Mil
burn house, Dr. Rixey and Dr. Wasdln
remaining.on duty throughout the night.
Some time later Marie Isaak and
Emma Goldmah left Chicago for
Buffalo. They visited the Expo
sition and then went to Roches
ter, where they visited Mrs. H.
Hochstein, at 213 Joseph ave
nue. A little later Emma Gold
man went to Allegheny City and
there consulted with Carl Nold,
who was taken irito custody last
Monday. From Allegheny City
Emma Goldman went to Cincin
nati, thence to St. Louis, thence
to Chicago and then back to
Buffalo.
CASE AGAINST WOMAN.
The secret police know,
although Emma Goldman and
Isaak now attempt to deny their
intimacy with Czolgosz, that
when Emma Goldman started
for Buffalo Czolgosz accompa
nied her to the railroad station.
Five anarchists now under arrest
in Chicago have made statements
to the effect that they saw Czol
gosz while he was in Chicago
consulting with Emma Goldman
and Abraham Isaak. This ren
ders the case against the Free
Society complete, and it is likely
that on or before September 19
Governor Odell will be asked to
requisition the prisoners from the
Governor of Illinois. Emma
Goldman will precede the Isaak
faction to Buffalo and, according
to nresent plans, she may bo in
the dungeon in this city before
the week is over.
Another point which was set
tled to-day by the prosecuting of
ficials is the fact that President
McKinley need not be in Buffalo
during the examination of pris
oners, either before the commit
ting magistrate or Grand Jury at
the trial. There are enough wit
nesses and medical testimony to
establish the crime without the
President, who would otherwise
be tlie chief complainant, being
present.
RELEASED MEN SHADOWED.
According to the police of
Buffalo, Stutz and Walter No
wak have been released from cus
tody, no evidence having been
adduced that was strong enough
to warrant their being held. It
;is true that Stutz has been, re
leased, but on the authority of
Superintendent Bull it can be
said that he can be arrested again
at a moment's notice. He may
be of more service free than in
jail. He is being closely shad
owed, and may lead the police to
others who are wanted. Walter
Nowak is said to have gone to
Chicago to take employment as
a cigarmaker. He went from po
lice headquarters direct to the
railroad station, where he took a
train for Chicago. A secret ser
vice agent went with him, or, at
least, was in the same car with
him the entire distance from Buf
falo to Chicago. Xowak may ac
cept employment as a cigannak
er in Chicago, but it is certain
that he will also be made use. of
by secret service agents to make
GREATLY REJOICE
AT. HAPPY TIDINGS
tion Adopt Resolutions About
the President.
Delegates to the Union Labor Conven-
Resolutions relating to the ' attempted
assassination of President McKinley were
presented to the convention of the Union
Labor party 'last night. The first set,
known as the Bowlan resolutions, -were
adopted and ordered swread , upon ,the
minutes. They read as follows:
Whereas. This convention of the Union Labor
perty adjourned in anxiety and grief on Fri
day last on account of the dastardly attempt on
the life of the beloved President' of the re
public, William McKinley; and whereas, the
glad tidings have since come to us that there
is good reason to believe that ¦ the President
will recover from the cruel wounds inflicted by
the fanatical wretch who so cowardly assaulted
him. Therefore be it
Resolved, That the Union Labor party halls
with heartfelt gladness the Improved condition
of the President and expresses the earnest hope
that many years of health and happiness may
compensate him for the suffering and horror
of the ordeal through which he is so bravely
passing.
Resolved. That while rejoicing over the recov
ery of President McKinley and recognizing the
foul attempt upon his life as a crime against
free government for which no punishment coul.i
be too severe, we condemn and denounce . as
shameful and unmanly all efforts to mak-> po
litical capital out of the agony and sorrow oi
a national calamity. And further be it -
Resolved, That we heartily approve the pa
triotic words of Vice President ¦ Roosevelt In
speaking to men who work for their daily
bread: • '
"You men are our protection and the foul
deed done on the afternoon of Friday will only
make you the more vigorous in your protection
of the lives of those whom you elect to office.
Such men as you can work with the ballot the
salvation of the country without resort to
violence."
Miss Lulu Habenicht and Peter Clarence Sloah^ the
Well-Known Insurance Man, Will Be Married This
Evening in St. Paul's Church by Rev. Dr.pe!ss
RECEPTION AT PALAGE HOTEL
WILL FOLLOW THEIR WEDDING
PROMINENT INSURANCE MAN AND POPULAR YOUNG BELLE "WHO
WILL. BE MARRIED THIS EVENING BY REV. DR. THEISS OF
OAKLAND AT ST PAULUS CHURCH. .
-GUTHRIE,* O.>T.,- Sept.-r 10.— Unknown
parties blew. open the safe In' the post
office at Edmund/ O.-T.V" this morning and
secured: over > $500. v. Deputy United • States
marshals have /been sent to the scene
with bloodhound!.' " .
Bloodhounds Trailing Bobbers.
3
If you need a, medicine you should hav©
the best. Sold by druggists In fifty-cent
and . one-dollar sizes. You may have a
sample bottle of this great kidney rem-
edy. Swamp-Root, and a book that tells
all about It and its great cures, both sent
absolutely free by mail. Address Dr.
Kilmer & Co., Binghamton, N. Y. "When
writing, mention that you read this gen-
erous offer in the San Francisco Daily
Call. •?•/¦>
Swamp-Root i3 not recommended for
everything, but if you have kidney, liver,
bladder or uric acid trouble you will find
it just the remedy you need.
Dr. Kilmer's Swamp-Root, the great
kidney remedy, fulfills every wish in
promptly curing kidney, bladder and uric
acid troubles, rheumatism and pain In the
back. It corrects inability to hold water
and scalding pain in passing it, or bad
effects following use of liquor, wine or
beer, and . overcomes that unpleasant ne-
cessity of being compelled to go often durl
Ing the day and to get up many times dur-
ing the night. The mild and the extraor-
dinary effect of Swamp-Root is soon real-
ized. It stands the highest for its won-
derful cures of the most distressing cases.
A Sample Bottle Sent FREE by MaiL
KIDNEY AND BLADDER ,
TROUBLES PROMPTLY CURED.
DR. KILMER'S SWAMP-ROOT.
i We will gladly mail to any address I
I samples of our made-tOrorder suits at I
1 $IO upon receipt of a request. i
i Like every other tailor, we are willing I
I to have the samples serve as to pattern 1
I and quality , but we want to protect our. i
j customers even further than this. After!
j the clothes are -made up the customer!
j has the privilege of having his money I
I returned if he is dissatisfied, or a year's 1
I repairing' free if he is pleased ¦aridi
I chooses to keep the suit. You can't buy I
¦ I clothing on a fairer basis than this. 1
S So make a note of.it to-day. Come in if you can 3
i. and look over the materials. If you live out of thel
M city write us and we will immediately comply. \ Q
S We would like to show you -that you can get ani
I made=to=order]
1 suit f or $io.oo|
§1 Suits for out-of-town customers saffsfacforif/ made through j
I! . our self -measuring system. Write for samples. iA
i 718 Market Street and ; S
1 Cop. Powell & Eddy Sts. |
. ¦ ¦ . \ ¦ ¦ . . ¦ - •¦-¦-,-
|^^M™$^ j£l&$m ¦ am takinS thc third bottIe of Wine of Cardui and u ha *°done me Kts of good'. At ll
•isfgS^m""^ > xttmWlliil timcs ' couId not stancl on m y fect « m y Iimb$ and fett wtr « s0 bad| y *wol!en and black. Jw
5S^rS^v//>W 1 Wi ' had to sit on a chair * nd P ut m y feet on an °ther and set the dish pan in my lap to wash fc*i
(¦&$%%&M [ftfS H» «m9 dishes - M y husband got me a bottle of Wine of Cardui and it did me much «ood. I do «8S
iMsGl»i IK lilft \BW*3 not have to fit down to work now * !t heI P ed me in man Y othcr w *y $ « lso - I caf > Hfl
¦ n\ ll\w wH tro^M'y recommtnd K- ¦ MRS. L E. PERRY. EjjS
f£&£J}fiMil hA\W«V 111 A housewife needs rugged health and £rcat physical endurance to meet |||
• i^xH/^CyA \WAm r e emanc^ s mad - e u P on er# Bui there are women in nearly every home WM
¦ liH^ 5-^J3 ire^XNvfl who$e month 'y P eriods make them virtual invalids. And we want to tell them &Jf
Jp*^ to ' da y thcy need not be inva!ids - Mrs. Perry was freed from all this suffering. ill
m£^~\^^iw's^ffl A healthy wife is a blessing to the home in which she is found. She sings J$k
] W : j^( r^\^tt£&C~\\$& about her house work and can do four times as much as her sick sisters. Jil
3 ivcs mothers and daughters robust health. This pure Wine regulates menstru- , Bg
'f&tfr ation," allowing that health-preserving natural function to throw the impurities §|f
' 1^ k° m t-lc s y stcm - Falling of the womb is a terrible strain on the nerves. Wine of Cardui eases the
: &jj tension, by restoring the organ to a strong and healthy condit'jn. Leucorrhoea, an inflammation of the ff&
jjl^ lining of the womb, is a terrible ailment. Every woman knows the shooting. pains, the dull aches in the sii
sv| head and back, which mean disorder in the delicate and sensitive female organs. Thousands of women iH?
$pf after suffering them have taken Wine of Cardui and secured permanent relief. What valid excuse for putting r||
l ; i| off this simple treatment another day ! Time complicates the trouble — Wine of Cardui will cure it NOV ifim
fi*;\ For idvice and literature, address, (riving symptoms: "The Ladies' Advisory • mtfB
f';;<C Department,"' The Chattanooga Medicine Company, Chattanooga, Tenn. '' JJ8W -TRAINER WHO WILL HAVE CHARGE OF THE CONDITIONS OPAI.L
THE ATHLETES WHO COMPETE UNDER THE COLORS OF STAN
FORD UNIVERSITY FOR THE NEXT TWO YEARS.
Tf homas E, Wins Handily.
George W. Kingsbury, the San Fran
cisco boniface. sat behind Lynall in the.
With two choices dethroned, the runners
took command, and out of five events
favorites carted away but one. The special
at a mile, with Sir Hampton 107, Scotch
Plaid 105, Rey Dare 92 and Flush of Gold
104 as Btarters, aroused a showing of inter
est. Assistant Secretary Harry Lowden's
affability caused the biscuit to be burned,
and was nearly the means of Farmer
Charley Owen, trainer of Flush of Gold,
getting into disrepute with the judges.
Lowden promised to get Hoar to ride the
filly, but placed the memoranda in his hat
and there it probably stjll remains. Hoar
to-day was carded to ride Rey Dare, arid
Farmer Owen refused to start Flush, al
though he had been given the services of
Jimmy Logue by George Miller, owner of
Sir Hampton. The ojfficlals then took
possession of the filly and she went to the
post eecond choice. Sir Hampton ruling
an even money favorite. Logue rode a
perfect race, for after Scotch Plaid had
6tood Rey Dare on his head, Logue chal
lenged the Burns & Waterhouse horse,
piloted by Ransch. and in a long, hard
drive crossed the line first by a short head
in 1:40 flat. • • ¦
*'Chub" Russell did some excruciating
stunt* on Sir Hampton, finishing third.
"Chub" is a versatile fellow and it would
net be surprising to Fee him starring some
day in "After Dark."
Gets Eight Years in Folsom.
SAN- JOSE.. Sept. 10.— Frank Orantez.
wh(veonfesso«l to havlnjr' robbed the home
of 'Qeorgo, m«ckford. was to-day sen
tenced to eij?ht years In Folsom prison,
lie Is nn cx-convict.
SAN DIEGO, Sept. 10,-In tb* " miW
championship swimming race between
Howard F. Brewer 01 San Francisco and
Wilbur F. Kyle of this city to-day
Brewer won as he pleased. His time, 28
minutes 31 4-5 seconds, breaks the Ameri
can amateur record of 28:52 2-6 which
was made by Otto Wahale at the Pan-
American Exposition on July 9. Kyle's
time was 32:29 4-5. . .
Swimmer Lowers' Mile Record.
* R. H. E.
Milwaukee 3 ' 8 O
Chicago « 10 2
Batteries-Garvln and Donahue; Katoll and
Sugden. ... . ¦
CLEVELAND, Sept. 10.-^eveland and Phila
delphia divided honors to-day, the Phillies be
ing- shut out In the first game and winning- tha
second, -which was called on account of dark
ness, nearly whitewashing their opponents*
Attendance. 2300. Scores: W!>
First gam»— -R.. . H. J£-
Cleveland - -'-— - — "T";-' ', ',*-* v r T •¦ 10 - — 1-
Phlladelphla , o .7 .£
Batteries— Moore and Wood; Wilts and Steel*
man. • . . -,:
Second game— , R.- h. 'H
Cleveland .'. 1 • - >' "<3
Philadelphia ..;.... ".........- 4 _' s - ' j-
Batteries— Bracken, Wood and Connor; Fraz«r
and Powers.
MILWAUKEE. Sept. 10.— Chicago defeated
Milwaukee In the opening- same of the series
this afternoon • by a score, of 6 to X Wet
grounds made fast base running and fielding
impossible.. . Attendance, 2(30. Score:
American League.
STANDING OF THE CLUBS.. - ¦;,
Clubs— Won. Lost. • Pet.
Chicago ;. 76 49 '633*
Boston 67 53 .568
Detroit S3 55 -- -".343
Philadelphia 63 58 . .617
Baltimore 58 . ss ,toi>.
Washington 53 64 -.433
Cleveland 92 68 ' \as.
Milwaukee ,, 44 . 76 .367
SAN JOSE. Sept. 10.— The excursion to
Mount Hamilton to-day closed the cele
bration of Admission day. - About 100 Na
tive Sons and Daughters made the trip to
take a peep through the big telescope.
Every big stage in the city was pressed
into service to transport the crowd. The
trip up the mountain ;was thoroughly en
joyed and when they returned this even
ing all expressed themselves as delighted
Nearly all the visitors left for home to
day. The decorations have been taken
down and San Jose presents a lonesome
appearance after her three days of gay
ety. s'.;
One Hundred San Jose Visitors Enjoy
a Trip to the Summit of •
Mount Hamilton.
NATIVES LOOK THKOTJOH
GREAT_LICK
"Dad" Moulton said further that he In
tended to have the track, men out for fall
training and would give them individual
instruction when his duties > as football
trainer would permit. He Intends to train
them for form this semester and pot for
physical condition. Moulton was particu
larly impressed with the climate and con
ditions here and may take up his perma
nent residence at Palo Alto.
"I am. well pleased with the appearance
of the men I have. seen here, particularly
the football men.. They are much heav
ier than I had expected. I told Professor
Staggr of Chicago University that I would
return East In two years to win the in
tercollegiate traek meet and 1 am jrointr
to try to do It."
have a training table for the track men in
th© spring and . they will . be well taken
care of. - There need be no fear of ath
letes becoming 'stale' if they are prop
erly fed and trained. I do not believe in
the use of ale or other liquor during
training s'eason..
R. • H. ' E.
Boston « U ' ' «!¦-
Cincinnati S, s --S
Batteries— Willis and Kittredge.; Hahn and
Peitz. Umpire — Brown. . .
R. H. E.
Pittsbur? 8 15 -1
Philadelphia S 14 . • 0
Batteries— Leever and O'Connor; Townaend
and Douglass. Umpire — Eraslie.
BOSTON. Sept. 10.— Boston made It /our
straight from Cincinnati to-day. Hahn was
easy for th« Boston batsmen, while Willis kept
the hits well scattered except In the fifth In
ning. Attendance. 10CO. Score; -. • • •.
R. H. E.
St. Louis 3 7 1
New Tork 3 3 3
Batteries— Harper and Nichols; McGee and
Warner. Umpire — Dwyer.
PHILADELPHIA, Sept. 10.— The homo team
lost to-day's game in the ninth Inning: -whg'n
Pittsburg bunched four hits, one a hor»e ru,n
and another a triple. It was nip and tuck un
til the last man was retired. Attendance, 44S5.
Score : . • ¦¦ ¦ - -i . •-: t
BROOKLYN, Sept. 10. -Chicago took the lart
game of the series of four to-day by bunching
eight hits in the first and lourtti Innings.
Attendance, 100O. ¦ Score: ¦-
R. H. E.
Chicago 4 11 8
Brooklyn-... .... 3 8 2
¦ Batteries — Mcnefee and Kling; Hughes and
Farrell. Umpire— Nash.
NEW YORK. Sept. 10.— St. Louis and New
York played a tie game at the Polo ground3
this afternoon. The locals tried a new pitcher
named McGee. who used to pitch ' for Louis
ville. The game was called on account of.
darkness. Attendance, 700. Score:
cinnati for the Honor of Being
Tail-Enders.
national I<eague. ¦}
STANDING OP THE CLUBS, ..' ..
Clubs— . [ "Won. Lost. . - Pet.
Pittsbury 72 <2 833
Philadelphia 69 49 ' 585
Brooklyn 69 62 * <~ *570
St. Louis 63 55 .533
Boston 53 60 .4S6
Chicago 49 74 " .398
Cincinnati ...44 68 \ 333
New York -45 ¦ 7,0. - -.330
New York Nine Fighting -With. Cin-
FITTSBTJEOr TEAH STILL
LEADS NATIONAL LEAGUE
May then found that his lower limbs
and stomach had been fearfully clawed,
while the flesh on his shoulder had been
reduced to a mere pulp. He took the pre
caution to kill the young cougar and then
took oft his shirt to bind his wounds. He
was almost fainting when he reached the
logging camp and was given proper med
ical attention. •
Quick as was the beast, - May was
quicker. A shot rang out and the animal
dropped dead, with a bullet through its
heart. ¦ ¦ -.-
May at once discovered that his work
was not yet over, for the mate of the
dead cougar sprang toward him, and la
the bushes a few -feet ; away he saw a
young cougar, which, also showed -signs
of flght. . The grown cougar sprang upon
him before he had time to level his rlfla
and a bloody struggle ensued, in which
May' used his hunting knife, while the
brute attacked with teeth and claws.
Deep thrusts in the animal's side only
served to make it the more ferocious, but
at last its vitals were reached and It
dropped dead.
TACOMA, Sept. 10.— John May, a log
ger of Aberdeen, believed that his tlma
to die had come yesterday when three
cougars, two of them full grown, attacked
him in the thick woods in the Grays Har
bor country. May had been hunting and
luckily was armed with both a good rifle
and a hunting knife. He was tired from,
his iong: tramp, and had 'reached a point
three miles from a logging camp, where
he intended spending the night, when ha
was compelled to cross a small ravine.
At the bottom of the ravine there was a
audden movement In ' the bushes and al
most before he knew it a cougar of more
than ordinary size had- Jumped straight
at him.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Shockingly Torn by the En
; raged Beasts Before They
Arei Slain.
Comes Off Victor in a
Desperate Battle
for Life.
HUNTER FIGHTS
THREE COUGARS
FAVORITES FAIL TO RUN CONSISTENTLY AT THE STATE FAIR AT SACRAMENTO
.THE SAN rRANCISCO CALIi, WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 11, 1901.
1 1 SANTA ROSA; f Sept. 10.— Drs." Maddux
¦and'Miller.held-.an autopsy this afternoon
. at '-• Sebastopol over -the "body •" of v' John
JHu'oer, ¦¦• who •" was 'believed ¦ by a'-- Coroner's
jury ; to have been murdered. The surgeons
are : of the ,- opinion * that , deatb
from rupture of the heart. ¦ ¦",-.; r \ ¦¦¦_»: u ¦
HfllllMM ¦¦ »ll ¦!¦ i lilt Mfci ii * M ¦¦ n ill 1. '. ' . - ' ><-'rJ!»K'
Npjk. p. Victim of . Foul Play;
r SAN Sept.- 10.-iLambert
Cruez, a'yeara of age,^ was entombed by
a cave-In while digging a •- weir on hla
mother's ranch In fiidlan'' Valley this aft
ernoon.' His body, has not been recovered.
Entombed in a Well!
ATLANTIC CITY, N.J... Sept. 10.-Plav
in the flrat ' round of the amateur golf
championship of. the United States Golf
Association woa brought to a conclusion
to-day. W. J. Travin won his match with
J. E. Porter, five up and , three to play.
Flndley S. Dougla»n defeated . a. Ormis
ton., The other reoulU war«:
P^Pynei ' Princeton. ' <Uf«kt«d 0. Perrln,
Watch Hills:' ArchlalUfd, fit. Andr«w«,' de
feated C. M. Hamilton, Unttlmnrn; <W.> Ksnn,
Chicago, defeated -Jim ¦¦'W«r<l, Kpx • IIUIh: W.
C. Fownea. Pittsburif, <lpfmt«»t ¦ I,, t>, Mc-reri*.
Fox HiUs; W. Hollblrd Jr., c:hl.<« S n, ii P f*VieH
Allan Kennedy, Montclulr; T. V. tilvlngnioii,
West Brook, defeated, P\ O.,' R«ilhh«tft, JJ«|.'
tusrnt; E. M. Byera, 1'lttHliurn, ilnrtmioij yS, ft.
Smith. Philadelphia;. U.K. Orlpeorn, |*hlU«iA|.'
phia,- defeated A.- H. QnllnKhar; (.', II, Mnnloy,
Weeburn. defeated E. A. Dttrby, l l hlli*(lo|ii|iittj
H. C. Fownes. - PittBburo. - dttf««t»d W, »t»,=
Smith. Philadelphia: A. . U. !«>i:kw»i>ii, Ala.
.ton/ ¦ Maes., defeated Dr. • l>. . J>. i llnilmn. ¦¦ c'o«
lumbia: J. G. Thorpe, Oakley, Ma^ii,, d«faai«it
H..R. -Johnson, Washington; p, Jennlnus, Vt>r«
mont, defeated -,Dr. D. : P.' Frederlokn, l'|u»
burs: C. ,B. MacDonald,"- Chicago, defeate4 M,'.
Q. -McDonald. Florida. .. . . '
For the . Golf Championship.
Frank Hyde. New Tork. 2S2: Dr. J. C. Sellers,
Ireland, 279; 'Major J.' K. Millner and Thomas
Caldwell, Ireland. 278: Robert D. Duncan,..Ire
land, 274 ; ¦ John ! Morgan, ¦ Ireland. 272 ; Sergeant
Skedden. Canada. 272; Captain W. B. Martin,
Elizabeth, 270; James Wilson, Ireland, 268; W.
T. Bralthwalte. . Ireland, 266; Lieutenant W.
T>, Foulke,- Philadelphia. -263; Captain. W. H.
D«,vI3son, Capada. 263; -Private S. S. ' Paupst,
Canada." 263; Sir Plenry Thynne. Ireland. 261;
J. R. Williams, Ireland, 260; S.W. Henry,
Ireland, ¦ 239; Dr. S. I. . Scott. .Washington,
D. C ' 258: A". ¦ Fleming, Canada; 253; H/ Gen
esch, Madiera.'. N." J., 252;: • Sergeant Major
Hugins, Canada,' 252; Lieutenant- H.- M. Bell,
Washington, -.D. C..*- 251;"E. E. Donnap,- Ire
land,-24$rJohn McKenna, Ireland," 247. •
. NEW- YORK, • Sept. 10.— The National
Rifle Association nieeting at Sea Girt,. N.
J., closed '•'. to-day. The final contest was
an all-comers' match at 800, 900 and 1000
yards. ' ' • • - . » : :
Following are the gross scores of the
twenty-three men ' who .won . cash and
merchandise prizes as well as. medals, in
thi3 contest. Each of the thirteen Irish
shooters who competed secured part of
the prize money:
of the Medals and Money
Prizes.
Every Man on the Team Gets a Share
IRISH RIFLEMEN" WIN •
AT NATIONAL < MEETING
Card for Wednesday.
The card for Wednesday follows:
First race, 2:25' class pace. - three in five-
China, Maid, Electra, Harry J, Celmar, Toppy
Banker's Daughter, j L, Dlableta and
Midnight. . •.••..• ;
¦¦ Second race. 2:24 class trot, three in five—
McKenna. Almonada, Prince L, Nora McKin
ney and Lucy O. " . ,. ' ,. ..
Third - race, Ove-elghths of a mile, sell
ing, two-year-olds---r-Mariosa 100. Charette 1(0
Yankee Dame 100. Flattered 10o, Jennie Hughes
106 and George Clark 103. ¦
Fourth race, three-quarters of a mile, sell
ing—Lief Prince 106. Little Sister 102, Lost Girl'
109, Howard 112. Mountain Dew 109, Rio Colo
rado 112. San Augustine 112, Clarando 109 and
Pidalia 109. ¦-.-•? .. . .
Fifth race, fifteen-sixteenths of a mile sell-
In^-Oromwell 112, Mamie Hildreth 103, Merops
112, McFarlane 112, Wardman 107 and Comine
Event 109.
Sixth race, five-eigrhths of a mile, two-year
olds, purse — Senator Bruce ! 108. Royalty 118
Re<Jan 108, Fred Atterbury 108, Sol 11&, Lulette*
115 and Rubina 118. ¦
Harry Whitman, the well known trainer,
has received an offer to go to Austria,
where he will act as foreman for "Jim"
Dyer at a remunerative salary. Dyer is
handling the string of a wealthy turfman
named Lucyenbacher and to-day cabled
Harry to come on. The latter disposed of
Whaleback to Eddie Carey.
Linda Vista, Golf Club | Tournament.
SAN JOSE. Sept. 10.— The first 'of two
golf tournaments of the Linda Vista Golf
Club for a beautiful silver loving, cup do
nated by A. C. Kuhn was won yesterday
by Ralph Hersey. Eighteen holes were
played, the game being a handicap medal
play. • The score follows: .
_ Second"^ race^-For members of Sacramento
Driving Club, heata. three in five: v aulcal °
Monroe B.- b. gT, • by Monroe (F . ¦¦*¦'<¦'- .
Ruhstaller Jr.) : ... o l l : i
Resina F, b. m.. by Alto Re's
' (L. S. Upson) .- % 2 % 2
Peo» b. B-. by Fern (G. W.
Summary of the Races.
nve'^ur^T^ 601 * 1 2;15 trOt ' heat8 ' three ' n
T^drt, I^SU-. b^ n^ t0 --,I 1 . § i
(Kingsbury) , s , ,
Peter Jackson, br. g.,"by"De- ¦
eigrner (Depoister) - • ¦ « r:.t«-*«
- Time. 2:25... 2:20^4. 2:i9," 2:25^
special trot, the gelding selling: > equal
choice in the betting with Black Bart.
Lynall sareadeagled hia company in the
first heat in 2:25, rather slow for the 2*15
class, and then became erratic. The next
three heats went to Thomas R, perfectly
driven by C. Bunch Jr., who showed that
Farmer Bunch, the>lder, . will Ixave to
look to his laurels. V •
It was undoubtedly fortunate for the
packers of Jarretierre d'Or, second choice
for the 2-year-6ld scramble, that Tyranu's,
piloted by Hoar, ran away in a false
breakaway. The Star Ruby youngster
rested up at the post and in a furious
drive was beaten less than a length by
the Atkins entry, perfectly ridden by
Kuiz. Royalty, the favorite, away none
too :well. finished a fair third.
Penn Moore's mare Alicia, with Ransch
in the saddle, turned up an easy winner of
the mile and a sixteenth selling affair,
backed from 2 to 3 to 2 favoritism: Lost
Girl and Rinaldo were prominent to the
stretch, where the first choice picked up
the running, scoring with' something in
reserve from Lizzella-and Galanthus.
Rollick, from the Burns & Waterhouse
stable, captured the six furlong spin
Prestidigitator, a highly touted one, had
ms price played down from 3 to 2 to 3
bu t fell away short. Rollick made nearly
all the running, downing the weakly rid
den Mike Rice a length. - -
r^ lter 1 4-year-old maiden.
Canderos, has been a, gold mine for the
Rookies Again installed an odds on
?~ ? % °t r th ? clo9ln S' chapter, he was de
feated almost easily by Clarando, a 4 to 1
ranSn^ Ru £*? U up - Catherine Bravo
ran Into the show. " * ' • ¦' • •
2:16 trot for amateurs, two In three—Rain
forth won two straight heats In 2:20. 2:18%.
Louise"" Jefferson and : Major Ross also started.'
SYRACUSE. N. Y.. 'Sept. 10.-2:18 pace,
$1200-r-Blrch .Bud won the fourth, sixth and
seventh heats in 2:10%, 2:18. 2:14^4. Fraaier
won, the second and third heats In 2:11, 2:10%.
Miriah won the first heat in 2:09^.' Teddy F
won the -fifth heat in 2:15 l ,i. Pipe, Clover and
Orin B also • started. .
2:24 trot. Woodruff" stakes, $50OO-^Neva Sim
mons -won the second,* fifth *and sixth heats
in 2;13VA; 2:12V£, 2:13. Country Jay won the
third and fourth heats In 2:10^4, 2:10%. - Electa
won the first, heat in 2:12<4. Marequa, Ira
Dee and Mattle Smeltz also started.
: 2:14 pace, purse .$2100, best 1 three in five — The
Hero won first, third and fourth heats in 2;11V«,
2:11, . 2:10»/fc. Junero won the second . heat in
2:12%. Belle Cannon, . Frank Vokum, Frank
H and John H also started. .
SYRACUSE, N. Y., Sept. 10.— Grand circuit
Nummary:
Trotting.
RACERS ON THE AGRICUL
TURAL PARK TRACK DUR
ING THE STATE FAIR.-
ANGELS -' CAMP," j Sept.- 10.— Professor
F. H. Putnam of Cambridge, Mass.', j who
has charge, of- the Peabody Museum at
that place, and Professor J. C. Merrlman
of .the University b£.. California axe . here
trying to . definitely . classify- the famous-
Calaveras skull, which was found in a
placer mine here at a depth of 140 feet
many -years ago. The skull was at that
time taken East by Professor Whitney,
of ¦. Cambridge * University and has since
been a source of speculation as to .its
origin. The two scientists will try to
find other remains in the- auriferous
gravels in this State. Before leaving,
here they will look, for prehistoric re
mains in and around Table Mountain. ¦
Both gentlemen say there is 'no doubt
that the skull must have been in tha ol<l
river channel many years, as It was . en
tirely encrusted vwlth the \ aurif«roua
gravel and inside of that they found
shells and pieces of charcoal in a good
state of preservation.
Camp.
historic Remains Near Angels
EEEKING TO CLASSIFY - :
V THE CALAVERAS SKULL
Two Scientists Will Search, for Fre-
In speaking of his method of training,
Moulton said: "I do not believe in writ
ten, Ironclad rules of training. I prefer
to put each - man on; his honor and ..to
trust to his college - spirit to make him
obey the instructions given him. We shall
jgq TANFORD UNIVERSITY, Sept.
fc^^ 10.— "Dad" Moulton, who has been
the . most successful athletic,
- trainer in the East, -has ¦ arrived
at Palo Alto. He comes to take
charge of Stanford's athletics, and will
begin his duties at once. Among ; the
famous track men Moulton "discovered
and developed Is Kraenslein, Pennsylva
nia's crack athlete. Last year Moulton
coached the track team of Notre Dame
College, Indiana, making a winning, team
out of. a. lot; oC inexperienced" men. He
also coached the University of Minnesota
and many other Eastern and Middle West
teams. " • • • -• ¦;¦ • ¦ ¦..-.- .
Seventh race, five furlongs, selling, purse
$200:
D. F. Cox's b. m. Clarando, 5, 107, by Clar
endon-Voltando (Russell), 4 to %'. ; 1
CandcroB, ch. g., 4, 115, by Candlemas-Hlnda
Dwyer (Ransch) 3 to a.: ..; 2
Catherine Bravo, b. f., 3. 102, by Rio Bravo-
Catherlne B (Logue). 2 to 1 3
Time, 1:01. .
Blue Bell 107. Galene 107. Mountain Dew 106
and Chaste 107 also ran. . , . .
Sixth race— Six furlongs, selling,' purse J225-
Burns & Waterhouse'a ch. g. Rollick. 3 109
by Take Notice-Happy Maiden (Ransch),
8 to 5 '. 1
Mike Rice. ch. g.. a.. 106. by J. H. Fentoii-
Mrs. McAllister (Tullett). 2 to 1 •>
Prestidigitator, b.. g., 4, 109, by Russeil-Ac- •"
tive "(Hoar), 3 to Z... 3
Time. 1:14%.
Howard 112, First Shot 112, Ravlno 109 and
Almoner 112 also ran.
Fifth race— Mile, purse $400:
Owen Bros.', ch. f. Flush of Gold 3 104 by
Royal Flush-Gold Cup (Logue), 2 to 1 1
Scotch Plaid, b. g., a., 105, by Midlothian-
Mottle (Ransch), 3 to 2 .....2
Sir Hampton, br. c; 4. 107, by Watercress-
Lizzie Hampton (Russell), even 3
Time, 1:40. . .
Rey Dare 92 also ran. •
Fourth race— Mile and a sixteenth, selling
purse $225: - ¦
P. Moore's ch. m. Alicia, a.. 98, by Malcolm-
Viney (Ransch), 3 to 2 ¦....-.' 1
Lizzella. b. m., a., 1C9, by Morello-Llzale
Dunbar (Ruiz), 3 to 1 2
Galanthus, ch. g., 3, 94. by July-Snowdrop
(Hall). 3 to 1 3
• Time, 1:48%. .
Frank Duffy 109, Pilot 109, Rinaldo 103. Lost
Girl 100 and Kastaine 103 also ran.
Paine) '...;. 3 3 3 3
Baby Button, br. h. by Alex
Button (F. E. Wright) 4 4 4 4
Candy Joe, br. g., by Berlin (W.
Trust) dis
Time. 2:22, 2:19%, 2:23V4. 2:23
Third race— Five furlongs, . selling, two-year
olds, purse J225:
J. P. Atkins' b. g. Jarretierre d'Or. 114, by
Golden Garter-Rlcardo (Ruiz) 6 to 5 1
Tyranus, 108, b. g., by Star Ruby-Tyranny
(Hoar), 3 to 1... „ 2
Royalty. 105. b. g., by Cavalier-Empress of
Norfolk (Howson), 11 to 10 3
Time. 1:01%
Torso Maid 102 and Colonel Smith 103 also
ran.
Second race,' three and a half • furlongs— Pat
Tucker won. Tommy Tucker second,- Midget
third. Time. :36.
Fourth race, six furlongs, East Pacific handi
cap — Sea Queen won. Nobleman second, Mis
sion third. Time.' 1:15. ' . ..
Fifth race, three-quarters of a mile, selling-
Onyx won, Hattie Perkins second, Jean Spen
cer third. Time, 1:16%.
2:24 class, trotting, best two in three—Ad
laing won flret two heats. ' Time, 2:23, 2:23.
Idol and Cosgrove second and third in both
heats. '
Sixth race; one mile and a sixteenth, selling—
Synla , won, ¦ False Lead second, Dagmar third.
Time, 1:47 3-5. •; ¦ . . ¦ ¦ - . :
HELENA, Mont.. Sept. 10.— Weather chilly;
track fast. Summary:
Fifth race, one mile— Searcher won, Pay the
Fiddler second. Max Bendix third. Time,
1:40 2-5. ¦ ' ' '
Third' race, six furlongs — Queen a' Day won,
Delia Ostrand second. Pupil third. Time, N 1:14.
Fourth race, Junior stakes, sl^ furlongs —
Arian won. Wye'th second, Jaubert third. Time,
1:14 2-5. . . . •
First race, seven furlongs— Lysbeth won,
Lucy Locket second, ' Corinpe Upland third.
Time, 1:01 3-5. ¦ .•••••
Second race, six furlongs— Crinkle won,
Oliver Me second, Whisper Low third. Time,
1:14 2-5.
CHICAGO, Sept. 10.— Harlem summary:
' Sixth race, six furlongs — Eau Claire '.von,
Oconee second, Pur Lizzie third. Time, 1:14?*.
Fourth race, four and a half furlongs—Wed
ding March won, Jannle Seay second, Elizabeth
Jane third. Time, :55V4.-
Fifth race, six furlongs— Doyle's Commoner
won, Invayon second, ¦ Mayton third. Time,
1:14. I... . . ...: . -
Third race, one mile, selling— Courtesy won,
Dr.' Francis "second,'""Millionaire' third. Time,
1:42. . , .
FORT ERIE, Sept. 10. — Summary:
First race, seven furlongs— Flop won, Scamp
eecand, Tobe Paine, third. Time, 1:27%. '
Second ¦ race, five furlongs— Frank Me won.
Barricade second, Santa Bonlta third. Timt.
1:03%.
• Fourth race.v mile and seventy yards— Dandy
Jim -won,. Wall .. second,. Joe Doughty third.
Time, l:50H. ¦ • • ¦ - - :
Fifth race, five and a half furlongs, selling-*-
Lillian M won. \V. L. George second, Kaffir
third. Time. 1:12%.
Sixth race, mile and' three-sixteenths, sell
ing—Swordsman won. Ordandine' second, Terra
Incognita third. Time, 2:08%.
Fifth race, six furlongs, selling— Satire won,
Scotch. Bush second, Arak third. Time, 1:14 1-5.
Sixth race, mile and • a sixteenth, on turf,
eelllng — Black Dick won, Astor second, Do
(ando* third. Time, IMS. » *
ST. i LOUIS'. Sept. 10.— Delmar Park sum
mary:
First race. six furlongs — Fitzkanet' won,
Churchill second. Ford third. Time, 1:20.
: Second race, five furlongs— Bart Howe won.
Behdora second, Moro third. Time, 1:07. •
¦ Third race, seven furlongs,- selling— Nearest
.won, Chappaqua second. Our Lady third. Time,
1:32^4. . .... ... . ,. ... .
Fourth race, Mineola hurdle, two miles —
Semper Ira ¦ won, Cephalalgia second. Miss
Mitchell third. Time, 3:53.
First race, slxjurlongs — Endurance by Right
won, Caughnawaga second, Bell's Commoner
third. Time, 1:13 1-5.
Second race. ¦ mile and : an eighth— Decanter
won. Belle of Troy second. Advance Guard
third. Time, 1:53 2-5.
Third race, Flight stakes, seven f urlongB—
Voter won, Flora Pomona second. Time,
1:27 2-5; :¦-,-..•
,NEW'. YORK, Sept. 10.— The Flight
Stakes at seven furlongs was decided to
day at Sheepshead Bay. Only two hbr«e3
started. Voter winning from Flora Po
mona, in 1:27 2-5. Summary:
Stakes at Seven Furlongs.
maining Starter, in the Flight
Beats . Flora Pomona, the Only Re-
VOTER WINS A STAKE
AT SHEEPSHEAD BAY
, Walcott is confident he can defeat Gard
ner and thinks the bout will be a short
and " a merry one. Walcott seconded
Gardner when the latter fought Byers.
While crossing the bay. on the boat last
evening Walcott was reminded of his
tight with Lavigne. On the afternoon of
their battle Walcott was overweight, and
on the trip across the bay had to stay in
the nreroom of the boat to take off some
tiesh. He says '.he entered the ring that
night in a weakened condition and suf
fered defeat. Walcott affirms he will
have no difficulty in reaching Gardner's
jaw. | He says he landed on Choynski"s
without trouble, and has repeatedly
smashed big. Bob Armstrong in the same
place. .'
"Young* Mitchell" will look out for
Walcotts interests until Tom O'Kourke,
his manager, arrives. Mitchell" will ac
company \Valcott to his training quarters
at Larkspur to-day and. will complete ar
rangements so that the little boxer can
go to work at once. "Hank" Griffin, who
is in Los Angeles, will probably work
with Walcott. The latter wanted Bob
Armstrong to assist him. in' training, but
he is in ±>enver. -. . •
Joe Walcott, the colored pugilist who Is
to battle twenty rounds with George
Gardner bef ore , the .' San Francisco Ath
letic Club on the 27th inst, arrived last
night from New York. He is stouter than
when last in this city and has a mustache
that is ' his pride. He weighs 160 pounds.
When he enters the ring ne will tip the
scales at 142 pounds.
Will Train Under Young
' 'Mitchell's Direction at
Larkspur.
Colored' Pugilist Here
: to Fight George
¦ .
Gardner.
Lay Up Heats Openly and Otherwise Act in a Manner to Bring the Sport Into
Greater Disrepute With the Followers of Racing— Logue, on Flush of
Gold, Wins the Special at a Mile in 1:40 From Scotch Plaid
SACRAMENTO. Sept. 10.— Another
good sized crowd greeted the har
ness and running horses at Agri
cultural Park to-dayvnd saw sport
that was exciting" and tame In
Fpot s. The two harness numbers • were
funny.
Lynall was nominated in the auction
bettlngr on the 2:15 special trot, but could
not deliver the merchandise, and young
Charles Bunch, after laying away the
first heat with Thomas R, untied the son
of Iran Alto and stowed away the large
end of the purse in three straight. Frank
Ruhsialler Jr. took the gentlemen's road
race with Monroe B. after laying up the
first h«at In a fashion brazen enough to
earn him a fine on the Patagonlan tracks.
Just such exhibitions as these, with offi
cials who do not enforce the rules, have
placed the floral wreaths of mournlne on
Ihe harness end of the game In this State,
WALCOTT COMES
TO DO BATTLE
HARNESS-HORSE DRIVERS PERFORM
BADLY ON SACRAMENTO TRACK
Most Famous Handler of -Men in < America Will
Condition the Cardinal Football Eleven and Will
Also Develop Sprinters and Long-Distance Men
STANFORD UNIVERSITY ATHLETES
WILL BE TRAINED BY MOULTON
4
PLAYERS.
Actual
Score.
Handi-
cap.
Net.
§cpre.
ft. Hersey ....... . .;. ..'..'..
F.'Schneidet '.i:..' :.
nr. Walter .;:.;. ...;...:
Dr.' Don Hlnes. .:.:..;;.¦.
F. Knowles :
Melville Bowman ......
George Bowman . ; ; . . ....
99
10S
90
"98
112
123
119
5 13
¦ :«>'.:
¦ *
'¦: - 15 V:
-•: 15 .-I
' 88 .
. .' no r
¦ 94 •¦•¦ '"
¦ 97 ' ¦-
i,-98 ,.
.104.
PLAYERS.
Actual
Score.
Handi-
cap.
Net.
§cpre.
ft. Hersey ....... . .;. ..'..'..
F.'Schneidet '.i:..' :.
nr. Walter .;:.;. ...;...:
Dr.' Don Hlnes. .:.:..;;.¦.
F. Knowles :
Melville Bowman ......
George Bowman . ; ; . . ....
99
10S
90
"98
112
123
119
5 13
¦ :«>'.:
¦ *
'¦: - 15 V:
-•: 15 .-I
' 88 .
. .' no r
¦ 94 •¦•¦ '"
¦ 97 ' ¦-
i,-98 ,.
.104.
HONTERBEY NTJMBEB.S.
Monterrey
Lottery Co.
, (Limited.)
! Drawing September 10, 1901.
No. 18455 1^-^' $30,000
¦ Sold. in Austin, Texas.
No. 65947 s^ $10,000
Sold in Columbia, South Carolina.
No. 72043 §»««£? $5,000
Sold in Thibodaux, Louisiana. *¦¦')
Nos. 35350, 54767: and 66370
% dre^ each |l,000., ;|
Sold in Galveston, Texas; Palestine,
Texas; Havana, Cuba.
FRIZES
—in the—
IF- j'iSii ffi®P**&f*^& Rifles
B? jr =^^a/ "^^KySS^psI repeat. They don't jam, catch, or fail to extract. In a
Ptii ¦ ii ii t^ worc *» tnc y are the only reliable repeaters. Winchester
[M^~ rifles are made in all desirable calibers, weights, and
«v%jw^vM?OT Winchester Ammunition
»lWrfii^^»- ImS] * S mac^ e or *^ kinds of shooting in all kinds of guns. -
DwS&'aKC^ aSetJSQfl FREE — Send name and address on postal for our 164-page catalogue.
ligjlllillll WINCHESTER REPEATING ARMS CO., fflFSdig'g-'jLongshoremen Attack Non-TJnioa
Men and Police TJse Clubs.
•A small riot took place on Meiggs
wharf yesterday, in which a number of
strikers and others were severely in
jured, "i ¦ , - .- ¦..-¦' " i .
The trouble occurred about 10 o'clock,
when a gang: of longshoremen attacked | a
number of non-union men who were
handling: lumber on the wharf.' The strik
ers were armed with rocks.' which they
threw at the workers. These workers re
taliated in kind, and a lively fight was in
progress when Sergeant Duke and several
policemen arrived upon the scene. . The
police used their clubs freely, and I after
several minutes' hard work succeeded in
dispersing - the mob. Several of the at
tacking party \ were badly beaten, but
none seriously. ".- --.. -• * ¦ ,
The "Marion Chilcott secured a non
union , crew yesterday . and sailed for Hllo
with a complete.: cargo. The S,a,nta; Clara
RIOT ON THE WATER TBONT.
Maurice Pohalskl, a special officer em
ployed by Curtin's agency, who was ar
rested • Sunday afternoon by Policeman
Davids for disturbing the peace at Stock
ton and Ellis streets, was convicted by
Judge Cabanlss yesterday and ordered to
appear for sentence -this morning. • The
Judge severely reprimanded Pohalski for
his conduct in getting drunk and annoying
people on the street. ¦ ' <
E. Thomas, one of Curtln's special offi
cers, who was convicted of battery upon
Peter Dpnoghue, a laborer, at the quarry
in Golden Gate Park last week, appeared
for sentence before Judge Fritz yester
day. The Judge sentenced him to thirty
days in the County Jail. A charge of dis
turbing the peace against him for; raising
a disturbance on an electric car about 'the
same time was dismissed. .
Special Officers in Trouble.
£^fl-o HE Employers' Association held a
I special meeting yesterday at 11
I o'clock, at which the entire strike
JX situation was discussed. More
than 250 members were present, 1
and after full consideration a vote of con
fidence was given the directors and ex
ecutive committee for their management
cf strike affairs.
There had been a disposition on" the part
of mediators to insist, that a meeting of
representative employers would result in
a reversal of policy and lead to consent to
arbitrate or to a direct conference with
the strike leaders. Their hope proved to
be baseless, and as a result of the meet-
Ing yesterday it is now acknowledged on
all hands that mediation is a vain hope.
The executive committee of the Dray
men's Association held its usual meeting,
but the much-discussed terms of peace
were not considered. The expectation of
the teamsters that to-day would see the
settlement of the strike now seems to
have been entirely without logical basis.
Cases of attacks upon non-union labor
ers were comparatively few, and the
strike leaders say they will not increase
now that hope of concessions on the part
of the employers is gone.
The holiday interim was followed by a
rejuvenation of industry along the water
front and in the wholesale district. Ap
pearances were much more nearly those
that obtain under normal conditions than
have been seen since the strike began.
tailed by the strike the services of the
committee of the Merchants' Association
be so used as to bring an end to the pres
ent labor struggle In this city.
Murdock's substitute was declared to
be a resolution, however, and was side
tracked until action was taken on Cu
bery's motion and its substitute.
The substitute that, the action of the
directors be indorsed was carried unani
mously, the motion for a special commit
tee being thereby killed.
A substitute to Murdock's resolution
was presented by J. Taylor. He favored
that definite action be taken by (he as
sociation, and asked those present to de
clare by vote that they were fully in ac
cord with the policy of resistance to the
demands of organized labor.
A. Flagolette, a master butcher, made
a plea for the strikers.
O. K. von Rhein made a short speech,
in which he opposed the substitute of
Taylor. He urged that calm deliberation
was vital to the interests of the entire
community.
Opposed to Labor's Dictation.
"You cannot sit in judgment on both
sides of this question," Von Rhein said,
"when all present are interested on one
side. We have no disposition to crush
unions, as has been stated by the yellow
press. We are, willing, to recognize the
unions, but we are opposed to any dicta
tion by the labor leaders. I hope the sub
stitute of Mr. Taylor will not prevail. It
is unnecessary and humiliating to the la
boring element, and instead of being con
ciliatory is likely to arouse passions on
the other side."
F. W. Dohrmann. ex-president of. the
association, received an. ovation when he
ascended the platform. . .
¦ "I do not wish • to see- the substitute
prevail." said the speaker, "for It .will do
no good, but may do harm. The unions
have , appealed to this association to help
them put an end to the present deplora
ble conditions. -There Is no desire on the
part of employers to crush unions.. I
want to tell you of my own experiences
with unions. Some, time ago a man
named Casey came to me and asked me
to induce my truck driver to join a union.
He insisted that the union was for the
benefit of the stablemen, who worked
long hours for small wages. I told Casey
that the plan had my sympathy and I
spoke to my'truck driver. He said to me
that he was being paid more wages ¦ by
me. than he would Vet under the union
schedule and he - declined . to Join the
union. Again Casey came' to me . and
begged me to use my Influence with my
driver to have him join the union. I did
so. and when' my driver told~ me it would
cost him $25 to Join I gave him the. money
to do so. Many of vou have done like
wise, yet we are accused of trying to
crush unlonlpro, A f?w ..w^kgaffO; my
Murdock presnted a substitute to the
of Cubery that the meeting in
7 tforse the action of the board of directors
Mn appointing a committee to act Jointly
*ith other commercial bodies, and that
cn x account of the loss and suffering . en-
Charles A. Murdock favored a calm
consideration of the situation and begged
those present to come to a just and hon
orable decision.
"I am not in favor of censuring the
board cf directors," he said, "for they
have acted wisely In not taking Fides in
this issue. We want peacemakers, not
partisans. If the Employers' Association
concedes to the employes the right to
form unions the employes must concede
the right of the employers to hire union
or non-union men."
Favors Calm Deliberation.
\V. M. Cubery. one of the members- who
requested the president to call the meet
•ln"" declared that the city was on the
verge of financial ruin and that some radi
cal steps must "be taken to end the strike.
He pointed out the errors of the employ
ers and the employes in Uhe present strug
gle as h" considered them. The speaker
did not present any solution to the labor
problem other than to offer a resolution
that a committee of five members be ap
pointed by the chair to endeavor to bring
about a settlement of the strike. The
resolution was seconded by Joseph Seidl,
and the sentiment of the meeting was
shown by loud cries of "question" when
a gentleman in the rear of the hall rose
j" Kelly moved as a substitute to the
resolution that the association express its
approval of the actions of the board of
directors as to the present industrial com-
P ThV Fi>eech - of Mr. Kelly was received
with hearty applause, and a similar greet
ing was arcorded to L.. A. Robertson, who
favcred the substitute and paid his re
*wcts to th* "yellow press." which he de
clared had fostered the spirit of antago
nism among worklngmen. - .; .' •
To mention those who were present at
the meeting would be to give the names of
men who are pillars of strength in ilnan
cial. commercial and other important
branches of commerce. Millionaires sat
side by side with retail storekeepers, eacli
prepared to listen calmly and pass judg
ment on the merit? of the case to be pre
sented to them. ¦<
President Symmes received an ovation
when he ascended the platform and ex
plained the cause of the call for the
X&eetini;.
••Ten members of this association, he
eald, "have requested that this special
mt-etir.g be held, and according to our
constitution the call was issued.
"The Merchants' Association has the in
terests of the city at heart and has kept
a careful watch upon the unfortunate con
dition that now besets u^. We have not
taken tides in the labor dispute, for the
reason that this organization has a special
mission to fulfill and we did not desire to
injure our influence In the community In
the future by a partisan attitude. We
have not been lukewarm in the matter, as
has been charged. - The board of directors
appointed a special committee to act with
other committees appointed by commer
cial bodies. This Joint committee was
formed to render all possible assistance In
settlement of the labor dispute. 1 ask
all present to listen calmly and with de
liberation to the statements of the gentle
men who have asked for this special gath
ering of the Merchants* Association."
Wants a Special Committee.
More than 600 citizens, members of the
Merchants* Association, answered the call
for a special meeting, sent cut by Presi
dent Frank J. Symmes at the written re
quest of ten members of the organization.
These words uttered last evening by F.
W. Dohrmann at the ma-s-meeting'of the
members cf the Merchants' Association,
held at Golden Gate Hall, caused a scene
of remarkable enthusiasm, in which the
representative business men prerent de
clared their sentiments as to the prc&ent
industrial situation in San Francisco.
HE who comes into a court of
equity must do so with clean
hanus. There must be no blood
of his fellow-citizens upon
them."
A motion to lay Taylor's substitute on
the table was carried unanimously amid
cheers and ' Murdock's resolution v was
voted down. ;When President Symmes
asked those present ' if " they desired -to
hear the communications "received by the
association from ;.; the labor '•' leaders a
shout of ,"No"/ went up from all* parts of
the. hall. ; . . . ¦ ¦_ . , -. r
"What can we do to end this.unfortu
nate strike? When the leaders admit the
right of free labor, when they "denounce
violence - and assaults on men who desire
to earn a living for themselves, and their
families, then we will recognize them as
the real friends of labor."- .¦ < . .
"I do not charge the real worklngmen
with shedaing the blood of their fellow
citizens. I- have not heard -of any of the
labor leaders going on record prohibiting
the workers not to shed blood. The men
who are responsible for the breaking of
the laws and of limbs do not come Into
this court of . equity with clean hands. ¦
"We* are asked to sit in judgment on
this labor struggle. In a court of equity
he who comes there must do so with
clean hands. There must be no blood of
his fellow citizens upon them.
Hands Must Be Clean.
truck driver came to me and with tears
in his eyes told me that he would not go
on strike against me and therefore re
signed his position. He went into the
country and took a job for $40 a month.
"Owing to the decrease in the revenue
from -the wharves since the strike com
menced we have been compelled to re-
"We have not as yet been called upon
by any citizen to demand protection from
the State for his property," said Paris
Kilburn, president of the State Board of
Harbor Commissioners, yesterday. "In
the early stages of the teamsters' strike
James McNab, who was driving a team,
complained to us that the nuts had been
screwed off his wagon while it was on
State property. He found later that this
was not so and withdrew his complaint.
Had it been true the matter would have
been investigated and the necessary pro
tection afforded.
State property begins where the city,
property leaves off, and this is described
by an irregular line commencing at the
south head and extending to the San Ma
t^o County line. . The principal portion Is
that which lies between the western end
of the seawall at North Beach and ex
tends around the city front. Perhaps the
best known portion -of it is embraced
within the territory extending from the
old westerly slope of Telegraph Hill along
the westerly line of East street and
around Rlncon Hill to the mail dock and
westward again. This embraces a dis
trict several miles in length, and is prac
tically the center of nearly all the strike
troubles.
State's Property on the Front.
Attorney General Ford was not pre
pared to give an opinion last night; but
nis impression was that the State's ten
ants must look to the city for. protection
until the failure of such authority was
regularly proclaimed.
Governor Gage was asked by a Call cor
respondent yesterday what his probable
action would be. He replied that he was
too busy to be interviewed. -
It is generally admitted that the State
has the right to police its property wheth
er or not city or county authorities re
gard themselves able to cope with the
situation. But differences of opinion ex
ist when the question is raised as to the
right of the tenants to demand protection
of the State.
The Harbor Commissioners will first be
called upon to act, and if they are not
equal to the emergency appeal will be
made to Governor Gage. The increase of
the State harbor police is pointed out as
the natural method of furnishing protec
tion to the State's. tenants, with the mili
tia as a last resort, if less drastic meas
ures fail.
*£ EMANDS will be made upon the
D authorities of the State that pro
tection be furnished to property
and life on the State's property
on the water front. The men
who pay tolls . for the privilege of
carrying on business there will insust
that the State preserve a condition of
peace that will permit the ordinary and
normal operations of industry.
Duty of the State to
Protect Its Ten
ants.
The loading of the "Ventura is proceeding
rapidly and the indications are that the
vessel will be ready, to sail to-morrow
according to schedule.
Full gangs of men were at work on all
the wharves yesterday. Little opposition
by tho strikers was noted.
also secured a non-union crew and will
leave for Alaskan ports to-day.
The steamer George W. Elder arrived
from the Columbia River yesterday, this
being her first' trip since the inauguration
of the strike.
The resolutions printed elsewhere- on
this page were adopted and ordered sent
to the Governor and the Mayor along
with the memorials.
Present at the meeting were: N. P.
Chlpman, E. D. Sweetzer, Craigie Sharp
of the Oakland Eoard of Trade, John P.
Irish. J. S. Emery, Arthur R. Briggs and
W. H. .Mills. Horace Wilson was an in
terested spectator.
Mr. Mills explained the scarcity' of
cars by calling attention to the conges
tion In the railroad yards and warehouses
at this port. There were lots of men to
clear away the blockade, he said, but un
less proper protection was afforded these
men they were afraid to work. If the
protection to which they were entitled
was forthcoming, he said, the blockade
would be cleared away in twenty-four
hours and all the cars .the San Joaquin
farmers and other farmers of the State
wanted would very. soon be set 'at liberty
to move the crops.
The San Joaquin farmers had been
given to understand, he said, that the
embargo at Port Costa had been raised
and that the warehouses there would now
receive the crops. The crops were all
ready, he said, but they wwe unable to
get cars.
Arthur R. Briggs oi Fresno, who is not
only a member of the board but a farmer
on a*large scale, said that he had 300 car
loads of grain lying on his place and
stood to lose it all unless he could get
cars to move it. / *\.
Farmers Unable to Get Cars.
E. D. Sweetzer, a member of the board
from Santa Rosa, told of the condition of
affairs in his part of the country.. In So
noma County.- he said, there • are over
10.000 tons of hay lying in the. fields await
ing either removal to market or destruc
tion by the rains which may be expected
at any time now. Every structure with
a roof is being utilized for the protection
of the crop. . George P. one of
the heaviest hay buyers in the State, is
using an old cannery and a church for
hay barns. The element of available pro
tection cuts considerable figure in the
price obtained by the farmer for his hay.
Mr. Sweetzer 3aid that McNear was buy
ing hay, and trusting to the rain holding
off or to chance enabling him to get
shelter, j for $2 50 a ton. while men »tha.t
had secured storage places were ¦ paying
$10 50 a. ton. During the past few weeks
Mr.. Sweetzer has been making a. tour of
his .county. Ha fpjund . crops . unusually
heavy everywhere. ' He also' found' the
country overrun with * strikers from San
Francisco who were dividing their time
between intimidating the : country la
borers to prevent their coming to San
Francisco and taking those same-country
laborers' jobs at wages the country la
borer would scorn. Nearly every ham
let, he said, contained one or more vic
tims of the San Francisco country labor
reception committee.
Colonel Irish then drafted, an appeal to
the 'city's chief executive which the
board promptly approved,, signed find
ordered delivered.
"An Idea seems to have got- about,"
Colonel Irish said, "that Chief of
Police Sullivan is responsible for the fail
ure to suppress the lawlessness which
has recently prevailed in the cfty. That
is a mistake. Sullivan Is only a subor
dinate. Phelan's responsible. Let's me
morialize the Mayor."
It was at first intended to memorialize
only the Governor. Colonel John P. Irish,
however, pointed out, that under- the
charter Mayor Phelan was specifically
charged with the preservation of the
peace. " . • .
Memorial for Mayor Also.
controversy? They are all simply, citi
zens and non3 of them has the right to
paralyze the State wltn their personal
quarrel. Let them quarrel if they want
to, let them- strike if they please, but let
them settle their disputes within the lim
its of the law." " , '.
"We had a discussion in. a general way
upon the proposition this morning," said
Governor Budd. It was merely In
formal. The board has as yet had no oc
casion seriously to consider the matter.
It would not be proper as an attorney to
give out in advance what my opinion
would be in a contingency affecting . the
rights of property of those of whom I
am the legal adviser. "I .know what the
law in the matter is, and just how far it
would be advisable to go, but I must de
cline to discuss it on 'lines.
"Who are the members of the Employ
ers' Association? Who are the members
of the party, on the other side to this
duce our force of State police, which now
consists of but two men. We have the
power to Increase the force to any num
ber we may see fit, so long as we do not
exceed our revenue. No case of Injury to
State property has been brought to our
attention, but when u ia.we will be pre
pared to act. '¦** - • I
"The transport dock is State property,
yet when the United States Government
wanted protection for its laborers it
made a direct application to Mayor Phe
lan, although the, power lay within the
Government to -send a regiment of 'troops
to the dock. Had such a course been
necessary no doubt it would have been
followed. -The State is in practically the
same position. All the outrages commit
ted by strikers have been without the
zone under control of the State, and
therefore we have not felt that It was
either wise or necessary to invoke State
aid until the power of the municipality
had been exhausted."
Ex-Governor James H. Budd, attorney
for the State Board' of Harbor Commis
sioners, declined to express an opinion re
garding the powers or duties of the State
in the premises until the matter, had been
officially brought to his attention by the
Harbor Commissioners.
','When I hear of these continued at
tacks on men engaged in lawful efforts to
earn a living it seems to me that we are
being driven back to elemental conditions,
to a state of anarchy. If the Mayor can
do nothing, if the Governor says there la
no remedy, then let us get together and
organize a real government and find a
remedy. ' -...•'•.
"If it is true that we have to stand by
and see this property go to waste because
of a quarrel between individuals, then the
government' on this coast • is miserably
weak, and we ought to know what to ao
about it. If the power exists to protect
the men willing to move this wheat and
it is not exercised, let us bring the re
sponsibility home to whero it belongs. If
in California the right for a man to pur
sue a lawful occupation does not exist,
then It Is time we had a revolution to. es
tablish that right.
"If San Francisco cannot cleaf away
this obstruction, stop this controversy,
which threatens the whole State with
fearful financial loss, then let her abdi
cate her position as the chief export port
of the State. ¦ '.
¦ "W'H.-Mlils said that the tin» had come
to see whether there was any protection
to be had from California laws.
~- "If the government of California is
worth paying taxes for," Mr. Mills said,
"it ought to be worth appealing to . In a
case like this. Appeals nave been made
to the Mayor and to the Governor.
Neither executive has done anything. The
situation remains the same. In our me
morial to the Governor we have taken a
concrete case, that of Main Prairie, in
Solano County, where there are T75.OW
sacks of wheat piled along the estuary.
There Is labor at hand to move this
wheat, to move it in two hours, but the
laborers, otherwise willing and able, are
deterred from doing so by fear of vio
lence. ., .•
Appeals Ttfade in Vain.
The facts laid before the Mayor and
Governor were that the crops of , the State
were lying exposed to the elements and
in danger of destruction; that there was
in the State all the labor , necessary to
remove these crops; that the laborers
who were able and willing to move the
crops were afraid to do so tor fear of per
sonal injury; that they would work if the
necessary protection was assured; that
this protection had been requested, but
had not been forthcoming; that the dan
ger to the crops increased with every
hour of delay, and that if neither execu
tive officer acted, and promptly, the citi
zens wouid nave to taKe.tne matter in
their own hands and organize a govern
ment trom which the protection assured
by the country's- constitution could be
ootained. . .• •
'Keports were received from all parts of
the State, and they all showed about the
same state of attairs— a harvest such as
California has seen equaled only once
before, and the men who have raised and
gathered it forced to watch it rot on their
land because 'of a ' quarrel between two
bodies of citizens in the State's chief port.
Thus spoke W. H. Mills at a meet
ing of the State Board of Trade yesterday
afternoon; and in so speaking seemed to
voice the sentiments of every member
present. Expressions of the board's sen
timents took the form of memorials ad
dressed to Governor Gage and to Mayor
Phelan. The merits of the strike contro
versy were carefully avoided both In the
discussions at the meeting and in . the
memorials to State and city executives.
IF in California the right for . a man
to pursue a lawful occupation does
not exist,, then it Is time we had a
revolution to establish that right."
Executives of City and State Are Urged to Adopt
, Measures That Will Guarantee Citizens Safety
in Peaceable Pursuit of Lawful Occupations
Resolved, That irrespective of the
causes or of the responsibility for ex
isting: conditions, as .to which this
board has made no investigation and
has no knowledge beyond that found
in the current newspaper reports, ths
welfare of the State as well as the
Individual interests of thpse now en
gaged in tha pending qontest demands
that no Illegitimate or unlawful re
straint shall be placed upon tha tran
saction of the business occupations of
our people, a large majority of whom
have no Immediate personal concern
in the Issue being contested; that it
is Incompatible with and a violation
of the freedom and liberty guaranteed
every citizen by the constitution and
laws of our country for one -or more
men, either individually or in an or
ganized capacity, by threats, menace
or violence, to prevent other men from
engaging In a lawful business or law
fully performing labor wherever and
with whomsoever they may wish; that
by whatever means the employer or
the employed -may choose to carry out
their policies for mutual' or individual
benefit they must keep within the law
and within their, lawful rights; that it
is the ci-peclal function and duty of
the municipal authorities to see to it
that every man who may wish to work
shall have full and ample personal pro
tection and that he may be permitted
freely and safely to go to and from
his homo to his labor- without danger
to' his : person or* property ;' that ¦ no
ether view of the situation is consist
ent with that liberty and freedom of
individual' action which distinguishes
a people governed by law from a people
in a state. of anarchy; that in the opin
ion of this board business. would short
ly be . restored to its normal volume
and would proceed without further los-o
to the State on- normal lines Just so
soon as - assurances > are given • that
labor may be resumed in all vocations
without danger to life or limb.
Whareas, Many patrons of this board
have asked that It take some action
concerning this very important matter;
Whereas, The contest being waged
between the employers and the em
ployed in this city and county is seri
ously Interfering with the business of
the State, and especially with its ag
ricultural industries by preventing the
shipment cf the products of the farm,
and In many other ways; and
AT a meeting of the State
Board of Trade yesterday res
olutions were passed in , rela
tion to the strike's effect upon
industry and the. right of all
men who i desire to work to
receive protection from mu
nicipal or State authorities. Copies
of the resolutions were sent with
memorials to Governor. Gage and
Ma.yor Phelan. which . urge that
the State's industries be rescued
from the ruin into which lawless
ness threatens to plunge * them.
.Following are the resolutions:
PROTECTION MUST
BE GIVEN MEN WHO
DESIRE TO WORK
Great Meeting of Representative Business Men
; Fails to Develop Any Sentiment Demanding
Change of Attitude of Employers' Association
GOVERNOR IS PETITIONED TO PUT
STOP TO EXISTING LAWLESSNESS
eimO his Excellency, the Governor of the State of California— Sir: Ths
commercial instrumentalities which hav* been depended upon to move
the crops of the State to market have been paralyzed by a contention
between employers and employes !n the chief export port and com
mercial metropolis of the State. The wheat which has been' harvested
has been racked, and for the most part is exposed to the menace of
destructive elements. The results of industry are about to be destroyed.
A season's labor is menaced with toss.
Ample facilities for the storage of the wheat crop of the State of Cali
fornia exists at Port Costa and other places In the State. The crop in sacks
has been piled in fields, on the banks of navigable rivers and at station?
along the lines of railways. It has been' found impossible' to move these
crops because of the belief that those who have heretofore been employed In
various capacities necessary to the removal cf the harvest have refused to
•work and have also refused to permit others to perform the neceasary labors
for the preservation of the harvest.
As an illustrative case and to brlns the actual situation clearly before
you. your memorialists respectfully represent that at Main Prairie, In Solano
County, there are l.o.OOO sacks of wheat piled along the bank of that estuary
•.waiting shipment. It will require less than two hours to transport this
wheat to Port Costa.
Men can be found to perform the necessary labor for the removal of this
wheat to the warehouses at Port Costa, but they are deterred from doing so
by fear of violence and bv the belief that an actual danger to their lives
exists if they engage in such employment. /
Vnder these circumstances the question arises as to whether the Govern
ment of the State of California owes to the agriculturists of the State that
protection which would enable them to take care of their property. The
instance cited is but one of many. Practically the entire wheat crop of Cali
fornia awaits shipment to the seaboard.
"VV> are in possession of information with which we desire to make you
acquainted, that the crop of the State cannot be moved because of the belief
that danger of violent interference with those who would be engaged in per
forming' the labor cf such removal exists.
In the view of your netitlDners It is the first duty of governments : to
govern. It is the paramount duty of an executive to prevent injury arising
from violent interference with the industry of a commonwealth if danger
fiom Interference exists. Your petitioners, therefore, most earnestly and
respectfully call your attention to the impending disaster to the industries of
the State, and respectfully petition your Excellency to take such steps as
will afford a guarantee against the injurious effects .of the lawlessness by
which the industry of the State appears to be obstructed.
Tour petitioners are justified by information in their possession In the
statement that the men who harvested the crops of California stand ready
to perform the labor necessary to their storage against the destruction of the
natural elements, or their transmission to seaboard or their shipment to final
market; but before they can be Induced to perform that duty they must have
assurances or guarantees at the hands of the government of the State of
California that they will be permitted to pursue this peaceful occupation
unmolested, and that they will be made secure against the danger of personal
harm or violence.
The chief point of storage for the grain of this State is at Port Costa,
where there is no municipal organization which may be depended upon to
protect warehouse men in the pursuit of their occupation, and besides this
the difficulties confronting the farmers of this State are as broad as the
entire commonwealth, and it has appeared to your petitioners that an appeal
for protection necessary to overcome the difficulties ar.d dangers of ihe
situation should be made to the State government itself. We, therefore,
respectfully request at your hands such investigation of the facts as may
disclose to the executive mln<f the necessary remedies and the earliest
practical application of such remedies.
This presentation is made without reference to the merit of any contro
versy existing between employers and employes. It is ari appeal based upon
tfip necessity cf those who are in no wise parties to any conflict which may
exist between employers and employes in the* city of San Francisco, or in
any other port of export and import commerce.
It is an appeal which is based upon th» fundamental rights of the citizens
of the State to pursue their legitimate occupations ..unmolested by violent
interference. It is made in the full belief that the Governor of the State of
California possesses the power, and, therefore, is under the responsibility of
protecting the citizens of the State against the loss which Is now threatened.
As in duty bound your petitioners will ever pray.
CALIFORNIA STATE BOARD OF TRADE.
N. P. CHIPMAN, President.
G. A. DEXKISOX, Secretary.
MERCHANTS REFUSE TO INTERVENE IN LABOR CONTROVERSY,
STATE BOARD OF TRADE MEMORIALIZES MAYOR AND GOVERNOR
AND EMPLOYERS GIVE VOTE OF GONFIDENGE TO DIRECTORS
THE* SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, -SEPTEMBER- 11, 1901.
Therefore, we respectfully memorialize you as the executive of this city
to take immediate measures to enforce the law, by protecting adequately the
men who desire to work, making them safe while in employment and going
to and from their homes. If the resources at your disposal are inadequate to
procure peace, keep order and protecUlabor, we respectfully request that you
call upon the Governor of California to supply such means as will 'accomplish
the purpose that must be effected if this city is to be saved from disorder and
the producers of the State from widespread and distressing loss.
• - CALIFORNIA STATE 'BOARD OF TRADE.
N. P. CHIPMAN, President. . -
G. A. DENNISON, Secretary.
¦tpO his Honor Mayor James D. Phelan— Sir: Tour memorialist, the Cali
fornia State Board of Trade, respectfully represents that the important
export commerce of San Francisco is obstructed and millions of dollars'
worth of perishable property belonging: to the farmers of this State ia
expcsed to complete destruction by the failure in this city of lawful pro
tection to men who desire to work and are willing to perform all .the
¦ labor required to move commerce and save the crops of the State. The
position of San Francisco, as the chief port of this coast and the principal in
let and outlet of its commerce, seems to us to be imperiled by this lack of
lawful protection to- labor, while the prosperity of this city will be griev
ously impaired by the losses inflicted upon the State's producers by the fail
ure of legal protection' here to men who are willing to work. • , -
MAYOR URGED TO ENFORCE LAW
OR CALL UPON STATE FOR AID
5
Gray, Lang & Stroh (Inc.), San Francisco.
Fels & Co., makers, Philadelphia,
Naptha and soap together—
FelsrNaptha soap — more efficient
than soap.
: Your : grocer returns your
money if you'- don't like it.
PANAMA R. R, £ S ?
TO NEW YORK YH PAH&MA D1R:OF,
Cabin, $105; Steerage, $10; Meals Free.
S. S. Argyll . sails Mur.dpy, Oct I A
S. is. Leelanaw snil * Thursday. Oct. 24
S. S. Argyll sails Monday, Dec. 2
From Howard-street Wlarf at 2 p. m.
Freight and Passenge*, Office. 333 Market st.
F. F.r CONNOR, Pacific Coast. Agent.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner First and.Brannan streets, at 1 p. m.,
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hiogo). Nagasaki and Shanghai and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for
India, etc. No cargo received on board on
day of sailing.
SS. NIPPON MARU.. Friday, September 27, 1301
SS. AMERICA MARU
..... Wednesday, October 23. 1901
SS. HONGKONG MARU....
Saturday. November 16, 1901
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. ¦ For
"relsrht and passage apply at company's office,
Kl Market street, corner First. :
. . W. H. A VERY. General Agent
C0SPAGNI3 GEN3BAL3 TRANSATLA3TIQU3
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS.
Sailing every Thursday. Instead of •«JS. ) *3j*
Saturday, at 10 a. m., from pier C. "- 1 *" *¦»•=*
North River, foot of Morton street: *L*Aqui-
talne. September 19: La Bretajcne, September
26: La Champagne. October 3: *La Savole, Oc-
tober 10.. .. - ¦ . • , -
First class to Havre. $79 and upward.' Second
class to Havre, $45 and upward. GENERAL
AGKNCY FOR UNITED STATES and CAN-
ADA - 32 Broadway (Hudson building). Xew
York. J. F. FUGAZI-& CO.. Pacific Coast
Agents, o Montgomery avenue. San Francisco.
Tickets sold by all Railroad Ticket Asents.
?Twin Screw Express Steamers.
oceanics.s.co,SH£
S.S. VENTURA, for Honolulu, Samoa. Auck-
t land and Sydney.. Thursday, Sept. 12, 10 a. m
S. S. AUSTRALIA, for Tahiti
..About Sept. 18
S. S. MARIPOSA. for Honolulu..:
¦_.:'...% .....Saturday, Sept. 21 2 o.m."
I D. SP3ECXEIS k BROS. CO , Genarai Agants. 327 Harfct St
Een'l Passenger Giles, 643 Market St., Pier la. 7. Pacific St
BAY AND BIVEB STEAMEB1.
FOR U.S. NAVY YAR1 AND VALIEJ3.
Steamers GEN. FRISBI3 or MONTICELLO
1:45 a. m.. S:1S and. S:30 p. m.. except San-
day. 'Sunday. t:15 a.m.. 8:30 p. m. Leava*
Vallejo 1 a. m., 13:30 noon. ( p. m.. «zc«p£
Sunday. Sunday. 7 a. m.. V15 p. m. Far* 3*
cents. Telephone Main IMS. Land In* and of-
fice, pier V VMIoftAt- 4peJ$: HATCH RRp%.
PACIFIC STEAM NAVIGATION CO.
And CIA SUDAMERI;a.\A OS VAPO.id.-
To Valparaiso, stopping: at Mexican. Central
and South American ports. Sailing from How-
ard 3, Pier 10. 12 m.
COLOMBIA.... Sept. li|AREQUIPA.....Oct. ¦ 12
TUCAPEL Sept. SSlLIMARI Oct. 26
•These steamers are built expressly for Cen-
tral and South American ~ passenger service.
(No change at Arapulco or Panama.) Freight
and passenger office. 316 Xaltfornfa street.
BALFQUR. GUTHRIE 4 CO,. Gea. Az*nts,
AMERICAN LINE.
VEW TOSS. SOUTHAMPTON, L0NO05. PA3I9.
RED STAR LINE.
New York and Antwerp.
Stopping: at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York Wednesdays, at 10 a. m.
St. Paul Sept. V J Philadelphia ....Oct. »
Haverford Sept. J1 St. Paul Oct. 9
St. Louis Sept. Kj St. Louis Oct- IS
From New York Wednesdays, at 12 noon.
Kensington ....Sept. 1' t Southwarlc Oct. 9
•Zeelnnd Sept. 2T 'Vaderland Oct. 18
Frlesland Oct. :! Kensington Oct. M
•Stop at Cherbourg:, eastbound. '
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO..
CHAS. D. TAYLOR.
General Ajcent Pacific Coast. 30 Montgomery st.
h visit DR. JORDAN'S great
(MUSEUM OF ANATOMY
9 £$ 10511IA2SETST.ie*..6-Ji47i,S.r.:il.
\ Hv- The Largest Anatomical Museum in Ihe
A _ oJ-;.,-* World. Weaknesses or any contracted
V flBrSBn *sea<e_poslll»<Rlyc«reilt>y the oldest
Q |Eg! Specialist on the Coast Ifst. "36 years.
0 Jfl^ft DR - JORDAN-DISEASES OF MEN
1 IoSwS Consultation free and strictly private.
J J JLyqf H Treatment personally or by letter. A
\ H If 11 ft '<"*'"" CuTe m every case undertaken?
Aril 1R) w n!e '<" B°°fc- PniLO»OPU».f
I! II aIAn>XZAGK * "AILED FREE. (A
Y JDB. JORDAN & CO., 10-51 Market St.. S. P.
"COLUMBIA RIVER ROUTE."
Portland to all points East and In the North-
west. . -
"Chicago-Portland Special."
Superior Service — Quick Time. ' •
THE SHORT LINE TO
Walla Walla and Spokane, and the Baker City,
Lewlston. Coeur d'Alene and Boise City
Gold Attain? Districts.
D. W. HITCHCOCK. General Airent.
No. 1 Montzomery «t.. San Francisco.
O. R.&N. CO.
. VIM, VIGOR, VITALITY forMEN
'<d3TT& MORMON BISHOP'S PILLS
/E ¦ jk !k have been In use over fifty
M BEfPSS » years by the leaders of the
HHK^VA^TwiHl Mormon Church and their
RSS&'''5i>s3S! followers. Positively cure the
tSWi*fra worst cases In old and young
iS»^k\MM arising from effects of self-
WJ |M| 'mSff abuse.dlssipatlon. excesses or
* ol^ict clearette-smoklng. Cure Lost
BBaBESy Manhood. Iinpotency, Lost
; mWHf ' ' Power. Night Losses, Insom-
nia, Pains In Back, Evil Desires, Lame Back,
Nervous Debility, Headache, Unntness to Mar-
ry, Loss of Semen, _, Varicocele or Con-
stipation. Stop Ner CJ ous Tw ltching of
Eyelids, Effects are^^,^jZ m immediate. Im-
part vigor and pote ** E ™ T3 ncy to every func-
tion. Don't get despondent: a cure is at hand.
Restore small, undeveloped organs. Stimulate
the brain and nerve centers; 50c a box; 6 for
%Z 50 by mail. A written guarantee to cure or
money refunded with 6 boxes. Circulars free.
Address BISHOP REMEDY CO.. 40 Ellis st..
San Francisco. Cal. GRANT DRUG CO.. SS
and 40 Third st.
Lud. Zoble.
' : We are now showing the
advance ; guard of the clev-
erest, millinery ideas; ¦ : - _.
If you want a stylish, be-
coming hat, ; moderately .
priced, drop in and try one
oh.' 943 Market street.
THE LEON MILLINERY CO.,
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
' k Steamers leave Broadwey
a* Wharf. San Francisco:
HCTfc— ' # For Alaskan ports — 11 a. m ..
irlSrssteL sept. 4. s, 13. is. 23. 2s. oct.
!si>K3&3*k *• Change to company'*
1 taT8»!»Sra steamers at Seattle.
: EBx52^ TB3 For Victoria. Vancouver (B.
! EftgKfcfifS,! c ->- Port Townaend. Seattle.
i L ¦ rniTTii Tacoma, Everett and Xe*
V.-hatcom (Wash.V- It a. m..
Sept *. 8. 13. 18. 23. 28. Oct. 3-
Change at Seattle for this
company's steamers for Alaska, and O. N. Ry-:
at -Seattle or Tacoma for'N. P. Ryv; at Van-
couver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay)— 1:30 p. m. Sept.
4, ». H. 19, 24. 29. Oct. 4.
For San Diego, stopping only at Santa Bar-
bara. Port Los Angeles and Redondo (Los An-
geles) — Steamer Santa Rosa. Sundays. 9 a. m. :
steamer State of Calif orn.'a, 'Wednesdays, t
••¦ m.
For Los Angeles, calling at ¦ Santa. Crnx.
Monterey. . San Simeon. Cayucos. Port Harford
(San Luis Oblspo). Gavlota. Santa. Barbara.
Ventura,. Hueneme, East San Pedro, San Pe-
dro'and 'Newport (*Cdrona only)— Steamer Co-
rona. Saturdays, $ a. m. ; steamer Bonlta. Tues-
days. 9 a. m.
For Knsenada. Maedslena Bay. San Jose d?l
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz. Santa Rosalia
and Guaymas (Alex.) — 10 a. in., 7th each month.
For - further Information obtain company
folders.
The company reserves th» right to chan*»
steamers, sailing days and hours of sailing,
without previous notice. t ¦
TICKET OFFICE-4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL. PERKINS A CO., Gen. Agents.
10 Market st.. San Francisco.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
I ; A Gorgeous Opening, f
ar ¦¦:'". ' " . . . j*
jf, Surpassing in Beauiy and. Attractive- %
% ness Any Event Yet Held in %
$ . the Big Store* S
* Y A Multitude of People, Such as Has Been Seen $
% Assembled in but F&w Stores in Amifica, i
J Visited The Emporium Yesterday, the First- %
g— - of (he Opening Days of the Fall and \
% , Winter Season 19O1-O2. *
5f." . •¦¦ • "5
k The unsurpassed displays of new merchardi e
g from the four quarters of the e?.rtr, the beauntul "^
* - floral decorations, the entrancing music, the novel air- '*
S ship, the amusing young conjurer in Attraction Hall, |
5 the pictures in the art rooms, the life and brilliancy of >
$ the scene — all had their charm for the migh'y throng 5
% which* surged in and out of America's handsomest j»
}f shopping place. J
>£ And the show continues to-day and to-mcrrow. • -g
Jf : i Promenade Concert to-day from 2 to 5 p. m. J
tf Promenade Concert to-morrow from 2 to 5 p. m. •*
j| Do'h by the big Emporium Orchestra, direct by August Hinrichs. k
£ Carita, the Jirl conjurer, m Attraction Halt, second floor, daily from 11 1
i? a. m. until 5 p. m. ,«
j^ . * Magnificent Moral decorations. £
JC The airship is still IlytoJ. %
%> Ntw pictures in the lour art rooms. «
I The Principal |
I Faii Opening Specials |
I To"Day and Thursday, f
jf 75c Colored Tricot 49d 25c Drawn- work Squares 15o %
% $1.25 BUck Cheviots 73c 60c. Drawn- work Squares 33o 5
IS 75c Silk Taffeta Flannel 59c 20c New Skirt Linings. . ..... f2c 5
$ $1.50 G!ac: Kid Gloves. .$1,27 $2.50 Fal Shoes (ladies'). $2, Q8 %
* ' 35c Fane/ Ho?e (ladies') 2lo $1.85 De by Hats (men's) $1.47 *
j£ $10.00 New Fall Jackets. ,.$6.45 5 OC Suspenders (men's) ..... 37O %
JJ-^2.50 Neck Ruffs (new)'. $1.68 $2.25 Felt Walking Hats. .$1,48 %
*?.-._. . • . (And many others.) 3»
$G8*®cery and Liquor Specials\
%' The List for To-Day (Wednesday). £
J> Baking Powder Bar giin— Champion WMskey-Rt&iaxly J
'jf ' .We have just bought a large qjan:i:y of " S3. 00 p:r gallon, to-day only..... $1.90 Jg
K ¦'¦ Babbtt's bes: Biking Powder, guaranteed 0 £urkB*S Dltb'Jn StOtlt—Doz.... 5l
K "f the purest, and; best that ' money can buy, ! 92.15 '5
j£ \ou Jcnow their famou? soap, th: Biking' SWOQt Y/inOS — v ery fhoice "An- 1j
Jf Powder is just as good, 50c I lb. tins, to- gjlica, Tokay, Madeiia or Mcscat, cur X
K ' cay," 32c; 15c }4 !•>• tTns » to -4*y>18c regular $1.50 per ga Ion qua ity; to-Hay 5
j^ B;st ; Par or Matches, p!<g.. 4-C - SBO %
It Best Corn Msal— E«t:rnycllow,, CUPry Powder- Genuine E.st In- 5
Jf ' 25c sacks to-day -. 21 C dia Curry, put up by Calif, rnia Packing &
J^ WttitO Ash SoSMfX — The regular 5c Co. and now bsring demanstr.tiJ in Gto:ery •*
•f laisoi this fine' floating bath toap, t>i!a' Department; 20c size — to-day 15c %
*¦ . - . .-. .....:........ 10 bars 25c i5 c «««— to<ay. . . . T. ; iq c x
*C Arbuck!e*s Coffes— To-day, lb. . \ . ...1So Sweit Pickle3 — To-day on'y; 15c t'tciGc 5
$ ' P €3nEl<BeraTHtgale Baza ai% *3 $
Jf "-• CALIFORNIA'S LARGEST-AMERICA'S GRANDEST STORE $
THE * EMPORIUM.
THE EMPORIUM.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
OCEAN TBAVEL.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
: 1/ EARNY . AND WASHINGTON STS.— RE-
*» modeled and renovated. KING,- WARD &
CO. European plan. Rooms, 50c to $1 50 day;
\h to $8 week: $8 to J20 month. . Free baths; hot
and cold water every room;. fire grates tn every
roorfl : elevator runs all olxht. , . *
NEW WESTERN ; HOTEL,OFFICERS OF THE BAKERS
FIELD CANTON PATRIARCHS
MILITANT, ODD FELLOWS.
"I notice that a lot of -white men
lynched a negro at Girard, La., because
he stole a bottle of pop."
"Those Louisianians are so wedded to
their traditions and .so bitterly opposed
to the introduction of innovations."
"What arc you geetlng at?"
"I've no doubt they would 1 have let the
negro off if he had stolen a watermelon...
or a chicken."— Cleveland Plain Dealer. j
Bartender— Why do you have your
pous3e cafe made like this?
Golfer — Because I'm a Scotchman and
it's got to be plaid or nothing.— Judge.
Xell— So he said my bodice was heaven
ly, did he?
Belle— Not exactly In those words. Ho
said it was unearthly.— Philadelphia Rec
ord.
"They have found a prehistoric palace
with 1000 rooms in Colorado."
"It would be quite too Arabian if they
could find one room more."
"How so?"
"Because a fellow could sleep In a dif
ferent room 1001 nights."— Cleveland Plain
Dealer.
An old colored preacher in the rural dis
trict accounted for the lightning in this
way: ,
"Ever' time Satan looks down en sees
de Lawd's work gwlne on. fire flashes
f'om his eyes. Dat's de lightning. En
Wen he fail ter hit a church wid it. he
lays back en hollers. Dat's de thunder."
"But, parson." sold an old deacon,
"whar is Satan In de winter time? "We
don't have no lightnin' den?"
The preacher studied a minute and then
said;
"Well, hit may be. Br'er Williams, dat
nell s froze over den!"— Atlanta Consti
tution.
A CHANCE TO SMILE.
Grand Encampment lor 1902, and as pre
liminary to that there has been organized
In that city a new canton with twenty
five members by Frank "W. Smith, who
took a very active part in the prepara
tions for the encampment held at Red
ding last year. This canton will take
part in the drill and Its membership will
also compete for the 5100 diamond ring of
fered to the best drilled chevalier. The
officers of the new canton, named Bak
ersfield. are: Frank W. Smith, captain;
Howard Healey, lieutenant; Dr. T. "W.
Helm, ensign: G. H. Peters, clerk, and
L.. B. Seabrook, accountant.
, Parker's; Hair ; Balsam is 'the favorite for
dressing. the hair and renewing Its life and color.
"Hindercorno; the best cure' f or. corns* ' 15 cts.
SUMMER RATES at Hotel del Coronado,
Coronado Beach, Cal., effective after April 15
$60 for round i trip, including 15 days at hotel.
Pacific Coast S. S. Co.. 4 New Montgomery st.
It is now announced that Cleveland is going' to
Colorado on a lion hunt, and it is just barely possible
he is going to see whether by following Roosevelt's
strenuous life he can get himself back into condition
to make another race for the "White House.
Are You. "Of the Old World"?
Everything pertaining to thej New World
may be easily and cheaply : seen at the Fan-
American " Exposition. \ and ,the best . way to
get to Buffalo is by the comfortable trains
of the Nickel Plate Road, carrying Nickel
Plate Dining. Cars; in; which are served Amer
ican Club '' meals * from 35c to $1 each. Boole
free, " Ehowing pictures of exposition j buildings.
Hotel *, accommodations reserved. JAY W.
ADAMS. P. C. P. A, 37 Crocker, building.
San Francisco. Cal. ¦•"¦•-...
He who is only passively willing to do
right will find himself actively wishing
to- do wrong: ,: \ , - , .: -¦
FLOW OF WATER-D. B. L., Orovllle
Cal.' The following question I3 not suffl
clently definite to admit of an answer
"How many gallons of water will one incl
of water flow under the. regulation pres
sure of six inches in a given time, saj
ten. fifteen or sixty minutes?", in cal
culating the flow of water there must t*
knowledge* as to' whether the water i.<
flowing through an open or a closed flumi
or through a pipe, the pitch of the flumi
or pipe, whether it is a straight run 01
whether there are any bends or turns
whether the wood of the flume is in th.
interior smooth or rough and what th«
interior character of the pipe is: Ther«
must also be knowledge of the size of th.
flume or pipe, ¦
Special information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping. Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
Cal. glace fruit 50c per lb at Townsend's.*
Choice candies, Townsend's, Palace Hotel*
"Andrew Carnegie will come to want
yet." V
"Oh, no; he couldget a job as librarian
in lots of towns in the United States."—
Chicago ' Record-Herald. " : ¦
INK— M' B., City. Oxymuriatlc acid re
moves ink from paper, and should th<
paper require bleaching the operation an
swers .both ends at the same time. A so
lution of oxalic, citric and tartaric acids
is attended with the least risk in taking
ink from paper, but nothing that is usec
for removing ink, from paper will leavt
the paper in exactly the same conditloi
that it was in before the ink came in con
tact v/lth it. .
LATrN QUOTATIONS— A. S.. City. The
words "Sasva indigitas" are Latin and
mean "cruel accusation.'.' "Integer vitae
scelerisque purus non ecet mauri joculis
neque arcu" is . a Latin phrase which
means "the man whose life is unblem
ished and unstained by crime needs not
the javelins nor bows of the Moors. Such
a man may be wounded In body, but will
remain unscathed in soul."
LOCOMOTION— Curious, City. The fol
lowing is given as the rate- of locomotion:
Per hour. Per second.
Man walks, ." 3 miles 4 feet
Horse trots 7 miles 10 feet
Horse runs. 20 miles 29 feet
Steamboat runs .IS miles 26 feel
Sailing vessel moves. 10 miles 14 feel
Slow river flows 3 miles 4 feel
Rapid'river flows 7 miles 10 feet
Injustice of Gage.
Cloverdale Reveille.
Governor Gage, for to him is directly
due the removal of Dr. A. E. Osborne
from the Glen Ellen home, has not only
done an injustice to a competent official,
one who had earned the respect of all
for the most efficient manner In which the
affairs of the home were conducted, but
he has done a gross injustice to the peo
ple of Sonoma County. For fifteen years
under the management of Dr. Osborne
this institution has been the best con
ducted of all the public institutions of
the State. No scandal or disgrace in any
way. came up to mar the good name of
the home, but we find a fatherly interest
manifest, an interest in the poor unfor
tunate inmates that was not bought for
hire, but the outcome of an. affectionate
and ' kindly heart. Sonoma County re
sents the acts of Governor Gage and his
political affairs as a blot on the good
name the home has borne and to Sonoma
County, in whose domain the home is sit
uated. ¦
RING— Subscriber, City. If a girl U
wllling v to marry, but is not engaged. sh<
wears a ring^on the index finger of th<
left hand; if engaged on the second fingei
of. the same hand, and if she wants tc
join the army of old maids she wears th«
ring on the little finger of that hand.
When married she wears a plain gold
band on the third finger of the left hand.
Calif ornians in Washington.
WASHINGTON, Sept. 10.— The follow
ing Californlans have arrived at the
hotels: . St. ¦¦ James, Daniel B. Dwyer;
National, R. O Lincoln; both of San
Francisco. ,
- LIQUOR SALOONS— F. D. C, City. Or
the 1st of July, 1901, there were in Sar
Francisco 3030 places in which liquors
were sold at retail". This includes liquoi
saloons and groceries with bar attached.
SCULPTORS— Subscriber, City. Th<
following are named as the ten greatest
sculptors: Phidias. Praxiteles, Michae!
Angelo, Cellin', Cernova, Flaxman, Thor
waldsen, Woolner, Thomas and Bartoldi.
SLOBODA— T. D., City. This depait
ment is unable to, ascertain the informa
tion asked for in Telation to the editor of
the Sloboda for the reason that the paper
is not in existence at this time.
WHEELER .THE STRANGLER— S. O.,
City. George A. Wheeler, who was con
victed of murder for having strangled
Adella J. Till3on, his sister-in-law, was
hanged January 23, 1S84.
RUSSIAN WORKS- Reader, Bowman.
Cal. The, works of Maxime Gorky, the
new Russian writer, have been translated
into the English and have been published
¦by Scribner.
RESTAURANTS— F. D. C. City. There
were in San Francisco on tho 1st of July,
1901, 512 places classed as eating-houses,
including restaurants and boarding
houses.
SQUARE FINGERS— W..B. S., City.
In the language of the hand, "square
fingers" are indicative of great reasoning
powers, order and regularity.
ANDREW FURUSETH, in 'a statement pub
lished yesterday, exulted in the fact that the
majority of the Sailors* Union are indifferent
to the prosperity of the port of San Francisco, or to
the welfare of American workingmen. Boasting of
that indifference, he is quoted as saying: "The sail
ors are not worrying about when the strike will end;
if they cannot find work here they can find it else
where. They can go to the Eastern ports, or to
Europe. I have seen 1200 men leave the port of San
Francisco within two months. That was in 1893.
Many of the sailors are foreigners who have relatives
in Europe, and they would not object to a trip to the
old country. Probably 900 out of the 1500 sailors
now on the beach are not citizens of the United
States. These men would gladly ship as deep-sea
tailors to visit their frifnds. We have no objection
to having the men ship as deep-sea sailors, and there
is a great demand for them. Runners for sailors'
boarding-houses are offering as much as $40 a man
for every one they will secure to go to sea. Most
of our men have no hindrances to keep them in San
Francisco. They can easily go to other ports to find
work. I do not believe that more than 5 per cent
of the men are married."-
That plain statement ought to open the eyes of
American workingmen to the menace of the situation.
Accepting Furuseth's statement as true, it will be
seen that a union composed mainly of foreigners and
almost wholly of unmarried men is now endeavoring
to tie up the trade of the port, prevent the shipment
of the products of our farms and enforce idleness and
the danger of destitution upon the homes of Ameri
cans; and, moreover, are doing it with a feeling of
impunity, for, as Furuseth says, they can profit by
the stagnation of business here to make a trip to
Europe, visit their friends and have a good time
whiie American hpmes are bearing the affliction of
the strike.
Such a statement, emanating from such a source,
aggravates the wrong done to the public. It is in the
nature of an insult added to- injury. It is a mocking
declaration that American workingmen with families
to support are to be forced out of employment by
a union of irresponsible foreigners having no interest
in the country whatever. It is a defiance not only of
law and of society but of the American home itself.
It virtually says to the community, "Let' your farm
products rot on the wharves, let the homes of your
workingmen be destitute, let the wives and the chil
dren of Americans lack for. food; we are going to
make a holiday of the strike and go to our homes
in Europe."
The unfairness of the situation is evident Ameri
can workingmen are expected to place themselves at
the orders of foreigneis; men with families are ex
pected to submit themselves to the dictation of un
married men; those who have a stake in the city and
in society are to be dominated by those who have
none; persons of responsibility are to be controlled
by persons who have no responsibility whatever.
It is not easy to conceive a situation more intol
erable than this which has been so exultantly depicted
by Furuseth. The merchants of the city, the farmers
of the State and workingmon of nearly all classes are
injured by the strike of men who openly boast that
they are doing all the mischief without any hurt to
themselves. Of the 1500 men now on the beach,
says Furuseth, probably 900 are not citizens of the
United States, and he estimates that not more than
S per cent are married. Such is the force that is
operating against the business of the port and the in
dustry of the State. How long will Americans sub
mit to it?
A WRONG TO AMERICANS.
PAINTERS— Subscriber. City. The ten
greatest painters are named as follows:
Michael Angelo. Raphael, Titian. Rubens,
West, Reynolds. De Vinci, Veronese,
Guido and Rembrandt.
MEDITERRENEAN SEA-S.. City.
Soundings under direction of the Austrian
Government show that the greatest depth
of the Mediterranean Sea Is 24% fathoms
or nearly three miles.
ARMY COMMISSIONS— A. S.. City.
Commissions in the British army are no
longer sold. The purchase system was
abolished by royal warrant from and af
ter November 1, 1871.
Thomas Barrett, a Napa rancher, Is at
the Russ.
A. Clark, a merchant of Forest Hill, i3
at tho Lick.
A. B. Gibson, a miner of Nome, is reg
istered at the Russ.
R. V. Ellis, an oil speculator of Han
fcrd, Is at the Palace.
Dan Patton, a wealthy rancher of
Napa, is at the Grand.
Judge C. E. McLaughlin of . Plumas
County is at the Russ.
Dr. G. Parker .Dillon, U. S. N., is a
guest at the Occidental.
A. C. Hihn of Santa Cruz is at the
Grand for a few days.
W. G. Kerkhoff has come up from Los
Angeles and is at the Grand. .
E.' R. Reed, an oil magnate of Bakers
field, is a guest at the Grand.
D. Van Denburgh has come up from Loa
Gatos and is at thej California,
Mr. and" Mrs. Frank B. Glenn of Ja
cinto are staying at the Palace.
Dr. J. H. Barr, a leading physician of
Mariposa, is a guest at the Lick.
Albert Fink, a young attorney of Nome,
Alaska, is registered at the Palace.
George P. Whitelaw, a capitalist of
Sr.nta Barbara, is at the Occidental.
Registered at the Palace are Dr. and
Mrs. W. Young of Wellington, N. Z.
R. Luscom, a well known, business man
of Los Gatos, is registered at the Grand.
' R.. H. Herron, a wealthy manufacturer
of Los Angeles, is a guest at the Palace.
Jchn E. Budd, a prominent attorney and
politician of Stockton, is a guest at the
Lick. ¦;¦• *
J. Rummelsburgh, a merchant of Wint
ers, is registered for a short stay at the
Gremd.
T. O. Toland of the State Beard of
Equalization is one of the arrivals of yes
terday at the Lick.
Tonyo Takebe, a Japanese merchant
who has been touring through the East,
is .amons the recent arrivals at 'the Oc
cidental. ' i
A number of missionaries arrived from
the East last evening en route to" the
Orient. They are staying at the Occi
dental and will leave next Thursday on
the China.
MARRIAGE LICENSE— F. B. S., City.
It is legal but not customary for a woman
to apply for a marriage license.
ANSWERS TO QUERIES
Encampment will be one of the most at
tractive that has been held in years in
this State. The work of the grand body
will be interspersed with entertainments
each day and evening. One of the fea
tures will be the part that- the Patriarchs
Militant will take . during 1 encampment
week. There will be three prizes offered
to the various cantons that are to com
pete in the drill. One is $200 and a pre
sentation sword/ and the other two $175
and $125 each for the best drilled cantons.
Brigadier General H. O. Brower, com
manding the Department of California, .in
orders announces that on Thursday, Octo-
PERSONAL MENTION.
To show that sentiment here is not exceptional, but is common with that a!l over the
country we quote here the New York Saturday Press: "Yellow journalism has attained
its savage ambition — the assassination of one who by virtue of his lofty office represents
the very essence of all that yellow journalism and -anarchy hate— authority, government
and law. At the door of the New York Journal and its kind shall the people of the United
States lay the atrocious crime against the President of the United States." The New
York Sun, referring to the above, said: "This refers, no doubt, to the infamous handiwork
of the editor who proclaims openly that it is his ambition 'to have the Supreme Court of
the United States tarred and feathered in the streets of Washington!' Just how long mer
chants and the people of New York will tolerate this sort of thing remains to be seen."
The Sun and Press seem to agree with Mr. Gavin McNab, who, speaking of the
assassination, said, "At last Hearst's papers have accomplished something."
Our space, permits no further quotations to-day. In addition to what the press
says, The Call is in receipt of hundreds of letters to the same purport, on the assassina
tion and the strike. One expresses the meaning of all. Referring '¦. to our paragraph on
Sunday under the caption "Lawlessness Must Cease," the writer says : "Nothing more
true. Follow it up and you will have a thousand followers .where our .fathers had hun
dreds in the days of Vigilance men. As I, pen these lines the ambulance passes my door,
carrying another victim -of the 'peaceful strikers.' with his body torn arid beaten*''
It is apparent ¦ that the. State is ready to back up a movement to enforce order in
this city, and secure the safety of the men who are at work. WS&Si
President Wheeler's allusion to "the Vigilance men" seems to have struck' a
popular chord throughout the State, and people everywhere see in the lawlessness of the
strikers, encouraged by the Examiner;" the same spirit which it encouraged to murder the
President. v : . .
THE volume of expressions in the country press- of this State against the vio
lence and apparent ethics and purpose! of the strike, and in : stern reprehension of
the course of the Examiner in that and other matters, is so immense as to
render general reproduction in our columns impossible. But in order. that all
men concerned in the industries and business of this city may be informed as to the con
dition of intelligent country sentiment, and may see the overwhelming disfavor in which
lawlessness is held, we condense what is said by the fearless and untrammeled country
editors, reflective of the sentiment around them. . , .
The Humboldt Standard commends The Call for coming out "with courage and
vigor in favor of law and order in San Francisco. It is .to be commended. ' How. con
temptible the yellow Examiner, appears ; beside .the v clear-cut .and courageous utterances
of The Call. Every honest striker will have more respect for The Call than for the cring
ing, sycophantic Examiner." " ' "" - — -
The Redding Free Press says: '"There are "people in the; United States who, had
they the courage of their unreasoning hatred, would be' willing to attempt the life of
President McKinley. They are the jaundiced people who have been diseased by the yel
low press. The odium, infamy, and shameless libel heaped upon President McKinley,
Vice President Roosevelt and others at the nation's head by such freak newspapers as
the New York Journal, Chicago American and San Francisco Examiner is not without
its effect. They are the organs of anarchy — the more powerful because they move be
hind a mask."
The Evening Blade of Santa Ana, a few hours before the attack on the President,
said: "The Anarchists' Own,' otherwise the San Francisco Examiner, continues its ill
meant efforts to stir up all the strife it can between employers and employes."
The Visalia Delta says: "There are to-day in all parts of the country hotbeds of
anarchy. These anarchists are. encouraged by yellow journals like the New York Jour
nal and San Francisco Examiner, and deeds of violence naturally follow.- . Unless the gates
tire closed to foreign riffraff and yellow journalism is suppressed there will be troub
lous times in the near future." ... . ' : .
MarySVille Appeal: "Yellow journalism, by foul cartoons and reckless lying and
bitter attacks, did its share to bring about the awful tragedy of Friday, by which alone the
Pan-American fair will be remembered." ,. ' '
Woodland Mail: "The attempted assassination of President McKinley is a- most
terrible and damnable outrage, and can be traced almost directly to yellow journalism."
Alameda Argus: "There have been many outrageous representations in connec
tion with the San Francisco strike, but none that excelled . in pusillanimity that regard
ing the discharge of theStrauss factory girls. The paper (the Examiner) that makes it a
practice to misrepresent everybody and stick to it announced that half the Strauss force
had been discharged on account of boycott of the firm's goods. It stated this with glee,
but it was a clear-cut fabrication."
Sausalito Advocate: "Many idle men, strikers, encouraged by the Examiner, are
standing around the streets waiting for the success of a lost cause."
Stockton Independent: "To trace the conspiracy that has led to this infamous
assassination it will' be necessary to examine experts -on mental infirmities- and deduce
from their testimony the natural and unavoidable impressions and influences exerted by
inflammatory cartoons and editorials. William McKinley assassinated is the direct vic
tim of a liberty 'perverted and abused into lawless license."
Record ¦ Union: "How far responsibility attaches to a sensational, vicious, dis
trust-creating and contempt-breeding current literature can be measured by every honest
man who has read the vile assaults and seen the scurrilous cartooning and the malicious
caricaturing of the administrators of national affairs."
Sacramento Bee: "We are Eorry and ashamed, to say that it is not necessary "to
go to other States to find apologists for and applauders of satanic assassination. On the
fifth page of to-day's Bee will be found a statement that W. T. Eaton, walking delegate
of the Building Trades Council of Sacramento, yesterday gloried in the shooting of Presi
dent McKinley, and declared he should have been shot in San Francisco."
Tacoma Ledger: "The San Francisco Call is to be congratulated on its courage
of expression in relation to the strike. No set of men has a right to terrorize a com
munity. When honest laborers are torn from their tasks and beaten almost to death,
the ruffians who are guilty of the act deserve no consideration. Whoever they may be,
the>' are no longer representatives of labor. They deserve to be clubbed by the police
and driven to their holes, and The Call does not hesitate to say so. Nevertheless, the
Examiner stands by the thugs."
Phoenix Republican: "The competition among sensational newspapers has de
veloped a good market .for picturesque lies. The New York Journal and San Francisco
Examiner were the first to recognize that many residents of 'the large cities are credulous
geese, and that by catering to the appetite for the horrible and the wonderful a large cir
culation could be achieved." - ' ' • ' -
Visalia Times: "We heard recently of two San Francisco strikers who were in
this section looking for work. We would like to ask by what right the striker from San
Francisco comes into the interior to seek employment, when he refuses the right of the
man from the country to take the job he has voluntarily quit in the city? It is a mighty
poor rule that won't work both ways. The strikers appeal to the' country press and the
workingmen of the interior to stand by them in their troubles. Then, they come and take
the places of the country workmen, but when the countryman concludes to earn his liv
ing in San Francisco he runs the risk of having his head broken if he accepts the posi
tion left by the striker^ who has crowded him out in the farming section of the State "
Sacramento Bee: "The course of the Examiner in the present labor trouble in
San Francisco is a disgrace to California journalism. It has exerted all of its power, if
not to egg the strikers on to deeds of riot and anarchy, at least to glory in their law
less acts." ... ij
ColllSa Sun: "We were taken all aback when we found the San Francisco Exam
iner had cut us off its exchange list for printing an article. on a public question it could
not answer. We are boycotted, and as in duty bound we feel badly."
Ukiah Times: "A number of the union strikers from San Francisco are in this val
ley and have oTfered to" pick hops for 80 cents per hundred. The price for picking as
fixed by the Hop-Growers' Association is. $1 per hundred, and no one has been asked to
pick for less. If this cheap offer from those who profess to believe in keeping up wages
does not smack of the worst kind of 'scabbing' we don't know what does."
SPIRIT OF THE PRESS:
THE SAN -FRANCISCO -CALL., WEDNESDAY; SEPTEMBER; ll,v 1901.
ODD FELLOWS' GRAND ENCAMPMENT
WILL SOON ASSEMBLE IN FRESNO
T* HE next session of the encampment
- branch of the Independent Order of
Odd Fellows will be hel'd in the city
of Fresno from the 15th to the 23d of
October. From the ¦ arrangements that
have already been made by the executive
committee it is probable that the Grand
ber 17, there will be a grand parade of
all the canton* in the forenoon and a
military council In the afternoon. The
prize drill wril take place on the after
noon of the 18th and the awarding of the
prizes in the evening. A ball will follow.
Bakersfleld will endeavor to secure the
WEDNESDAY SEPTEMBER n. 1901
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor '
Address AU Conunsaie&tieBi to W. 8. LEASE, Xusger.
MANAGER'S OFFICE Telephone Press^O4
PUBLICATION OFFICE Market and Third, S. V.
Telephone Press SOI.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson St.
Telephone Press 202.
Delivered t»y Carrier*, XS Cents Per Week.
Single Copies, 6 Cents.
Terms by Mall, Including Postage!
DAILY CALL (Including Sunday), one year $6.00
DAILT CALL. Uncludin* Sunday), 6 months 3.00
DAILY CALL fincludins Sunday), 3 t-onth^ 1-50
DAILY CALL-By Single Month r 65c
STTNDAY CALI* One Year.'. I- 50
WEEKLY CALL, One Year .\. *-00
AU postmasters are authorized to receive
subscriptions.
Sample copies ¦will be forwarded when requested.
Mall subscribers In ordering change of address should be
particular to give both NEW AND OLD ADDRESS in order
to Insure a prompt and correct compliance with their request.
OAKLASD OFFICE . 77777777". .... 1118 Broadway
C. GEORGE KROGXESS.
Xuftger Foreign Adrertiii&p, Karjnette Building, Chicago.
(Ixn-r Distance Telephone "Central 2619.")
ICEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C. CARLTOX.... ..Herald Sqnai£
¦ . 1'
XETV TORK REPRESENTATIVE: '
STEPHEN B. SMITH 3O Tribune Building
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Sherman House; P. O. Xews Co.; Great Northern -Hotel;
Fremont House; Auditorium HcteL
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS^:
Waldorf-Astoria Hotel; A. Brentano, SI Union Square;
Murray Hill Hotel.
WASHIXGTOX (D. C.) OFFICE. . . .14O0 G St., IP. W.
MORTOX E. CR AXE. Correspondent.
BltAJVCH OFFICES — 527 Montgomery, corner of Clay, open
until 9:30 o'clock. 300 Hayes, open until 9:30 o'clock. 633
McAllister, open until 9:30 o'clock. 615 Larkin, open until
«:30 o'clock. 1911 Mission, open until 10 o'clock. 2261 Market,
corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock. 1096 Valencia, open
until 9 o'clock. 106 Eleventh, open until 9 o'clock. NW.
corner Twenty-second and Kentucky, open until 9 o'clock.
2200 Flllmore. open until 9 p. m.
6
AUCTION fiATiTlS. ,
By 'William G. Layng— Friday. September 13. at 10 o'clock,
Palo Alto Brood Mares, at Agricultural Park, Sacramento.
By G. H. Umbsen & Co. — Monday. September 23. at 12
o'clock. Crooks' Estate Properties, at 14 Montgomery street.
Grand Opera-house — "Quo Vadls."
Tlvoli— "Tauat."
California— "The Jilt.*"
Orpheum— Vaudeville.
Columbia— "A Royal Family."
Central— "A Voice From the Wilderness."
Alcazar — "The Taming of the Shrew."
Chutes, Zoo and Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon and
tvenlns.
Fischer' B-Vauderllle.
j B.XATSCHINSKI I
I PHILADELPHIA SHOE CO. g.
I 10 THIRD STREELjAH FRANCISCO. I 4
I WILL YOU PAY $2.40
' For a first-class shoe that is It
worth $3 50; a shoe that is stylish gj
and up-to-date: glove fitting in m
appearance and guaranteed i'or f
wear. Ladies' French Vici Kid 8 J
Lace Shoes, black imperial cloth g <-
tops % new coin toes and tips, tir- I
cular vamps, and heel foxin? anil £
French stitched heels. All sizes and {
widths. Reduced to $2 40. For one |
week only, E
I WE HAVE CUT THE PRICE I
M ' Missfs" and Children's Red Kid D
H " Lace Shoes: new coin toes and tips, H
? and spring heels. Widths A to D. «1
M Child's sizes. S to 11 51 2-> H
H Misses' sizes. llVa to 2 ...$1 55 U
m The latest fad— Colored I^aces tcr H
a ladies' shoes and oxfords. We have a
m all colors. *J
B "We have no branch stores nor |9
B traveling salesmen. £*,
[PHILADELPHIA SHOE GO. L
I O THIRD STREET. JF
San Francisco. hAn Englishman named Vander, strug
gling in the waves, called upon some "of
the Chinese crew, who were on a raft, to
pick him up. They refused to do so or
to render him any assistance. Long made
a similar request and met with similar
t:fatment. He was rescued by white peo
ple who were in a boat near him.
Henry Long, a survivor of the wreck,
teslilied that after the steamer struck on
tlie reef he met Henry Guyon with a life
preserver on and exclaimed, "You have a
life-preserver! My God! I can't find one."
1'oth men went in search of a life-boat,
but could not secure one. First Officer
Johnson informed them that the Chinese
crew had deserted the boats and would
not man them. A few seconds after that
conversation they were all In the water.
Testimony was given in a deposition
yesterday before United States Commis
sioner George E. Morse showing the in
difference of Chinese coolie crews to the
demands of humanity. The caso before
the Commissioner was that of the suit of
Sarah Guyon against the Pacific Mail
Steamship Company for 550,000 damages
for. the death of her husband, Henry
Guyon, in the wreck of the Rio de
Janeiro on February 22 of this year.
ship Company.
Against the Pacific Mail Steam-
Startling Testimony in a Damage Suit
CHINESE --CHEW OF BIO yk
REFTJSE TO SAVE LIFE
FROM SEATTLE.
NOTE — The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide is the same at both places.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
United States Coast and ¦ Geodetic- Survey —
Times . and Heights o£ High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 11
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrographic Office. U. S. N., Mer
chants' Exchange. San Francisco, , Cal..
September 10. IDOL
Tf>e time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building wast dropped at exactly noon to-day—
I. e., at noon of the 120th meridian, or at 8
o'clock p. m.. • Greenwich time.
- C. G. CALKINS.
Lieutenant Commander, U. S. N., in charge
cia, from New York, for Cherbourg and Ham
burf.
Sailed SeDt 10— Stmr Pretoria, from Ham
burr, for New York.
The annual meeting ©f the Central
Women's Christian Temperance . Union
will be held to-day at 2:30 p. m. at 132
McAllister street: There will be election
of officers and • reports from superintend
ents of department work. A good pro
gramme has, been arranged and refresh
ments will be served. Every one is cor
dially invited.
Temperance Workers to Meet.
Thomas A. Black applied for a writ of
mandate yesterday to compel the State
Board of Dental Examiners to indorse his
diploma and to give him a license to
practice in this State. Black is a gradu
ate of the dental department of the Col
lege of Medicine and Surgery. The writ
is made returnable before Judge Seawell
October 4.
Dentist Wants a License.
Trio— Piano, Paul Scholz; violin, Julius A.
Haug; 'cello. A. W. Neilsen; tenor solo, Carlos
N. Keller; violin solo. Julius A. Haug; so
prano solo. Florence Doria: piano solo, Paul
Scholz; soprano solo. Florence Doria: 'cello
solo, A. W. Neilsen: tenor solo, Carlos N. Kel
ler; soprano solo, Florence Doria; violin solo,
Julius A. Haug; Clark W. Reynolds, accom
panist.
Besides the tickets represented by those
present a number of others were sold to
charitably inclined persons who were un
able to attend and enjoy the musical
treat. The affair was both a financial
and artistic success, and the results will
do much to help a good cause that is de
serving and non-sectarian.
The following is. the programme ren
dered:
A grand benefit concert was given in
the Maple room of the Palace Hotel last
evening for the purpose of raising funds
to. furnish the Young Women's Co-opera
tive homes Nos. 2 and 3. Admission was
placed at one dollar, and at that price
over five- hundred people gathered to lis
ten to the delightful and refined enter
tainment that Manager C. E. Edwards
had provided for them.
Furnishing and Fitting Young
Women's Homes.
Musical Treat Given for Purpose of
GBAND BENEFIT CONCERT
IN PAI/ACE MAPLE BOOM
OCEAN STEAMERS. '
QUEENSTOWN— Arrived Sept 11— Stmr Ser
via, from New York, ; for Liverpool, and pro-
NEW YORK— Arrived Sept 10— Stmr Perugia,
from Genoa, etc. • i
Sailed ¦- Seot . 10— Stmr Bovic, for Liverpool;
stmr Kaiserin Maria Theresa, for Bremen.
ST VINCENT, C V— Arrived Sept 10— Stmr
Pak Ling, from Portland, Or. via Seattle.
PLYMOUTH- Arrived Sept 10-Stmr Fatri-
FOREIGN PORTS
TABLE BAY— Sailed July 31— Br ship Imber
horn, for Newcastle. Aus. and San Francisco.
SYDNEY— Arrived prior to Sept 10— Bark
Big Bonanza, from Tacoma.
ST VINCENT. C V— Arrived Sept 10-Br
stmr Pak Ling, from Astoria.
ACAPULCO— Sailed Sept 9— Stmr San Juan,
for Pansrrji.
YOKOHAMA— Sailed Sept 5— Br stmr Em
press of India, for Vancouver.
Arrived Sept 7— Stmr City of Pekins, hence
Auc 21. ¦ i ¦
HONGKONG— Arrived Sent 7— Jap stmr
America Maru, hence Aue 10.
SINGAPORE— Arrived Sept 7— Br stmr Ching
Wo, from Tacoma. for London.
SANTA- ROSALIA— Sailed Aug 25— Br ship
Barfillan. for Oregon; Br ship Ballachulich,
for Fras-er River.
CALLAO— Arrived July 20— Ship Agenor, from
Newcastle, Aus.
FA LMOUTH— Arrived Sept 7— Russian ship
Harbinger, hence April 27. Sept S— Br bark
Killoran. hence Airil IS.
GUAYAQUIL— Arrived Aug 23— Ger stmr
Hermonthis. hence Ausr 2, for Hamburg.
FREMANTLE— In port July 26— Br ship
Irby. from Oregon.
ANTWFRP— Sailed Sept 7— Gor ship Seefah
rer, for San Francisco.
NEW YORK— Arrived Sept 10— Stmr Finance,
from Colcn.
EASTERN PORT.
PORT TOWNSEND-Passed in Sept 10— Br
ship Cembermere: stmr Chas Nelson., from
Skaguay; stmr Centennial, from Nome.
Sailed outward Sept 10— Barlt Reaoer, for
Manila; Chil bark India, for Valparaiso.
SEATTLE— Arrived Sept 10— Stmr Chas Nel
son, from Skaruay.
Sailed Sept 10— Br ship Norma. for Tacoma.
PORT I-OS ANGELES— Sailed Sept 10— Stmr
Alcazar, for .
ATORIA— Arrived S«?pt 10— Schr J M Weath
erwax, from San Pedro.
SAN DIKGO— Arrived Sect 10— Schr Mawee
ma, frcm Port Blakeley.
Sailed Sept 10— Stmr Edith, for San Fran
cisco.
EUREKA— Arrived Sept 10— Stmr- Ruth, from
Tacoma; schr Serena Thayer. from Hllo.
Sailed Sept 10— Schr J G Wall, for San Fran
cisco; stmr. Lakme, for San Pedro.
COOS BAY— Sailed Sept 10— Stmr Arcata, for
San Francisco.
KKDONDO— Arrived Sept 9— Stmr Pasadena,
from Eureka/ Sept 10— ScUr Stimson, from
Ballard.
TACOMA— Sailed Sect 10— Schr Glendale, for
San Pedro.
PORT GAMBLE— Sailed Sept 10— Schr Rob
ert R Hind, from Honolulu.
NEWPORT— Arrived Sept 10— Schr Bertha
Dolbeer, from Eureka.
VENTURA— Sailed Sept 10— Stmr Geo Loo
mis, for San Francisco; schr Fanny Dutard,
for Port Blakeley.
SAN PEDRO— Arrived Sept 10— Schr Comet,
from Tacorra.
Arrived Sept 10 — Schr Jessie Minor, from Eu
reka; schr Roy Somers, from Willana; bark
Vidette, from Whatcom. -
NEAH BAY— Passed inward Sent 10— Stmr
Pleiades, hence Sent 6, for Seattle. Sept 8—
Bark Carrollton, from Hilo. for Tacoma.
GRAYS HARBOR— Arrived Sept 10— Stmr
Grace Dollar, from San Pedro. . .
WHATCOM-Arrivid Sept 10-Stmr Rainier,
hence Sest 4. r
DOMESTIC PORTS.
June 12. Called Into Kio de Janeiro for re
pairs on the steam steering gear. July 29 an
chored at Dungeness, east entrance of Straits
of Magellan. Aug 1 arrived at Sandy Point
and took in fresh water. Aue 5 arrived at
Cape Pillar. 6:10 p m. Aug 8 spoke Br ship
Cambian Prince for Ccqulmbo. all well, In lat
47 ZZ S. Ion 80 11 W. Aug 29 passed a dere
lict up about 4 feet. In lat 27 10 N, Ion 115 CO
10 W passed a large mass of kelp. On Sept
6 found our chronometer 10 degrees slow. Ar
rived at lichtship 8:30 p m. Distance from
Cape Henry 13,737 miles.
The concluding service will be held at
7:30 p. m. at St. Luke's. There will be
several "short talks" by members of the
brotherhood and others.
On Sunday, the loth inst., the brother
hood will attend St. John's Church and
listen to a sermon by Right Rev. Bishop
A. C. A. Hall of Vermont, and in the
afternoon there will be a mass meeting:,
probably in Metropolitan Hall, at which
the great Bishop of New York will de
liver an address on "Civic Right
eousness."
The evening session will be at Berkeley,
and for the especial benefit of university
students. Several Bishops will speak.
At 6:30 a. m. in Grace Church a corpor
al communion service for the attending
delegates is announced, and at 10 a. m.
a public session is to be held at
Y. M. C. A. Hall. The general subject of
discussion will be. "Brotherhood Work,
East and "West." The speakers will num
ber eight or more, including lay an*
clerical.
. For the afternoon an address by John
W. Wood of New York is announced.
Delegates will be present from Seattle,
Spokane, Tacoma, Portland, Salt Lake
City, Phoenix, and the following chap
ters in California : St. Paul's, San Diego;
St. Paul's, Los Angeles: St. John's, Epiph
any, Los Angeles; St. James, Fresno;
St. Matthew's, San Mateo; St. John's,
Stockton; St. Paul's, Sacramento;
Christ, Alameda; St. John's. Oakland;
Advent, East Oakland; St. Mark's,
Berkeley: St. .Stephen's, St. Luke's,
Cathedral Mission (formerly Good Samar
itan), Advent, Grace, Trinity and St.
John's, of San Francisco.
The membership includes the young
men of the church, and throughout the
United States i the chapters number 1509
and have a membership of upward of 50,
000. Its work is largely in influencing the
young in religious work and in stimulat
ing tho activities of the church. The
brotherhood is an influential and rapidly
growing body.
The proceedings of the convention have
been arranged and a large number of
prominent Bishops and clergymen have
•promised addresses.
The first sessi'on will be held at ¦ the
Cathedral Mission, ?46 Second street,
Thursday evening, October 10. when a
charge by Bishop Nicholls will be deliv
ered, followed by two brotherhood men.
Friday evening at St. Stephen's Church
a "quiet hour" service in preparation for
the holy communion will be held. There
will be an address by the Rev. Arthur S.
Lloyd of New York.
In connection with the general conven
tion of the Episcopal church, which meet3
In this, city October 2, there will be held a
convention of the Pacific Coast chapters
of the Brotherhood of St. Andrew, which
includes all brotherhood; chapters west of
the Rocky Mountains.
Members Will Come From
All States West of the
Rockies.
a .¦¦¦-•
Brotherhood of St. An
drew to Hold Con
vention Here.
WILL GATHER
IN THIS CITY
DERELICT SAILING VESSEL IS SIGHTED
OFF ACAJUTLA BY STEAMSHIP METEOR
.-¦¦.-•....--,. ... ¦ ; • .-..-¦ .• , -. , ¦¦ : :- : .¦ . . ,» , . ¦ \.r.
Chief Officer of the Collier Thinks It Was the Remains of Some Lumber
Vessel Bound From Puget Sound for South American Ports- -The Hull
Is Awash, and Nothing Showing but the Stump of One of the Masts
7
THE SAN FRANCISCO - CALL, WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER • 11, 19O1,
TIGHTENING BAKRIEBS
AGAINST COOLIE LABOR
Treasury Department Orders Deporta-
tion of Twenty-Six Chinese La
borers From This State.
The Treasury Department is tightening
the barriers against the admission of
coolie labor to this country, and almost
every month since the massacre of Chris
tians in China the department has pro
mulgated rulinprs of the most stringent
character against the invasion of yellow
labor.
The latest of these rulings in line with
the policy of the administration was re
ceived yesterday by Customs Collector
Stratton* The case was that of twenty-
Pi x Chinese laborers who came here under
the provisions of the exclusion act of 1SSS.
Before that act was adopted Chinese la
borers returning to China from the ITnited
States must return to the United States,
if at alC within one year after their de
parture. Should they be detained in
China more than a year and less than
two years by reason of sickness or other
unavoidable cause they were required to
obtain from the Chinese Consul at the
port of departure in the United States a
certificate satisfactorily showing the rea
son for such detention. The act of 18SS
rrovided. in :>dcition, that a certificate
showing a similar state of facts should be
obtained from the American Consul at
the Chinese port of departure. The act
was made dependent upon the ratification
cf a treaty that never was ratified.
In a test case the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals decided that the certifi
cation portion of the act was inoperative,
because the treaty upon y.-hich it was de
pendent had never gone into effect. The
Treasury Department holds the contrary
opinion." and the twenty-six coolies must
return to China and obtain from- the
American Consuls at the ports of de
parture the required certificates.
Registration Office Or»en Nights.
The Election Commissioners met yester
day and directed Registrar Walsh to keep
the office open for registration from <:o0
to 9 P. m. on and after September 15.
Registration is picking up a little, about
seventy names per day being: added to
the rolL
Merchandise (for\British: Columbia.
The steamer Umatilla sailed Sunday for Vic
toria with the cargo: for British Colum-
The steamer Leelanaw was cleared yester
day for Panama with a general cargo . for
New York valued at $160,112,". exclusive of' 21]
pkgs canned goods and ' groceries 'for Genoa'
valued at $125 and some household goods for
London. The principal shipments to . New
York were as follows: 224,576 gals wine; 126,
521 lbs wool, 42.605 lbs dried -hides, . 203.270 -lbs
copper matte, 1C0 cs canned . goods. ' 5552 ctls
barley, 3C0. pkgs junk", 9858 lbs beans, 20 gals
brandy, 18 pkgs household goods, 169,915 .lbs
aephaltum, 173 sks'horns, 1500 cs salmon, 292,
732 lbs dried fruit. 25,000 lbs hops.
A Valuable Cargo for New York.
The British ship William Law was cleared
yesterday for Queenstown for orders with 61,
643 'ctls wheat valued at $60,100 and 18 COO ft
lumber as dunnage valued at $270.
The British ship Clan Graham was also
cleared yesterday for Queenstown with 18,120
ctls wheat valued at $18,575, 58,204 ctls barley
valued at $57,160 and' 25,000 ft lumber dunnage
valued at $375.
Grain for Europe.
Tuesday, September 10.
Stmr Geo "W ' Elder, Randall.". 5D hours from
Portland, via .Astoria 48 hours,
Stmr Meteor. Ahlstrom, 90 days from Bal
timore. • v » • ¦
Stmr -Corona, Gielow, 60 hours from San
Pedro, etc. ¦
Stmr Celia. Hisrgrins, lg > hours from Albion.
CLEARED. .
, - Tuesday, September 10.
Slmr Leelanaw, Monroe, Panama; Panama
R.R.I S SCO. •
Ship 'Marion Chileott, Nelson, Hllo; J D
SnreekelB & Bros Co.
Br ship William Law, Harlbert, Queenstown;
G W McNear.
Br ship Clan Graham, Mclntyre, Queenstown.
.'";' SAILED.
; Tuesday,' September 10.
Stmr Gypsy, LelandV tianta Cruz.
Stmr. Whltesboro, . Olsen,' — -. ; - .
. Stmr Navarro, Olsen, .
: Stmr Santa- Cruz, Hlnkle, southern coast.
>' Stmr South' Ccast, Olsen, .
Ship Marion Chilcott, Nelson, Hilo. .:
' Schr Monterey, Panzer, ." .
• . Schr Fortuna, Luberg, Eureka. ' '¦':.?. k :"../¦,
i$**<* : < TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT * LOBOS, Seot 10, 10 p m— Weather
thick; wind W, ¦ velocity 8 miles per hour.
; ! SPOKEN,' . • ,'- : .
. Aug 10, lat 27 s; ; Ion 46 W— Br ship Largle
more, -from Antwerp, for; San Francisco.
" Aug s 1G, ¦• lat 31 S. Ion 43 ... W— Ship Benj F
Packard, from Norfolk,- for Honolulu."
July ?0, lat 10 S, Ion 35 W— Fr.bark Grande
Uuchesse Olga,' from;St Nazaire,',for Oregon.
. . MEMORANDUM. , , . . ; .,
, Per stmr Meteor— Left Cape Henry at S a.ni
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
• The following vessels have been chartered
prior to arrival to "load wheat for Europe:
The Empereur Menelick, 38s 3d; the British 1
cteamer Flintshire, 40s, with option of Med
iterranean ports; the British steamer Gla
morganshire (at Portland), same rate and op
tion; the Lonsdale (at Portland), 41s 3d; the
St. Donatien, same, 42s; the Kinross will load
coal at Oyster harbor for Kahului: the Rod
erick Dhu, merchandise for Hilo; the Sehome,
lumber at Hastings Mills ior Iqulque, 45s,
prior to" arrival. ¦
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
NOTE— In tho above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides, are given ln the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in tho order of occurrence as to time: tho
fourth time column gives the last tide of the
day, except when there are but three tides, as
sometimes occurs. The heights, given are in
addition to the soundings on the United States
Coast Survey charts, except when a minus <—)
Blgrn precedes the helRht. and then the number
given is subtracted from the depth" given by
the charts. . The plane of reference is the mean
of the lower low. waters. /
• The. ship Marion Chilcott got away for
H'!o yesterday. She has a full cargo and
is manned with a non-union crew.
The -steamship Tampico, which sailed
on Saturday for Seattle, returned to port
last night for additional ballast.
The Pacific Steam Navigation Com
pany's Colombia will not sail for South
American ports until the 18th inst. The
postponement is due to. her recent deten
tion at Central and South American ports.
Captain Parsons of the Curacao has
resigned and Captain R. J. Paulson has
boon- appointed to his place. Paulson has
b'.'eii for years on the run as chief officer
and is popular with all classes of the
traveling public.
The Oceanic Steamship Company's Aus
tralia will be about a week late in getting
away for Tahiti.- Repairs to her machinery
cause the delay.
Water Front Notes.
Miss Mattie White, a school teacher
fvoTi Isleton, was robbed of $200 in gold on
tV.e river steamer Apache early yesterday
morning. When the steamer left Isleton
M'iss White came out of her, room to take
a walk on deck. She left her purse, con
taining $200 and some loose silver, lying
on her bed, but remembered it as soon as
she had walked the length of the steam
boat. She rushed back to her room only
to find the purse gone. The matter was
reported to the officers of the Apache ana
a thorough search was made, but without
result. When the steamer reached here
the harbor police were told of the loss and
they are now working on the case.
A School Teacher Robbed.'
¦The Panama Railroad Company's steam
ship Leelanaw got away for the isthmus
yesterday. Owing to an unwieldy in
v.ard cargo she was a long time discharg
ing and was, therefore, several days be
hind her schedule time in getting away.
Captain Monroe expects to make time on
the run down, however, and will get back
here on his usual date. The cabin pas
sengers were: S. Jones, Michael Schon
bach, Antonla da Silva, Carl A. Gebhardt.
P.. E. Robinson, Mary Curtin, Thomas
Pic-hie, John W. Odlier, James Hunter,
Max Heinninger, Ernest L. Carlson, Fred
Hart, T. McDermott, Joseph Needham, C.
Crogan, R. Lawlor, Frank Latooch, Jane
Dodu, O. K. Olsen, Mrs. Elizabeth Hunter,
Jcseph Barth.' .
Leelanaw Gets Away With a Full
Cargo and a Number of Passengers.
SAILS FOR PANAMA.
Tfcfc. Meteor left- Baltimore ninety days
ago and on July 9 had to put into Rio de
Jaieiro with her steerage gear damaged.
Repairs were made and on July 29 she was
at the entrance to the Straits of Magellan.
A quick run was made to Point Pillar
and on August 8 the ship Cambrian Prince
from Liverpool for Coquimbo was spoken.
From thence to port, with the exception
ot the sighting of the derelict, the voyage
was uneventful.
A number of wooden vessels are now
on their way south from Pacific Coast
ports. All are lumber laden and it may
be one of them that has met with disaster.
AVhen the Meteor was off Acajutla a
derelict was sighted. Captain Ahlstrom
v/as not on deck at the time and the mate
did not inform, him of the incident until
several hours after the . hulk had been
passed. Chief Officer Reisser, in talking
of the matter yesterday, said: "It was on
August 29 at 10:30 a. m. The Meteor was
in latitude 10 degrees 31 minutes north,
longitude 99 degrees, 33 minutes, 50 seconds
west when a derelict was reported right
ahead. It was awash and about 250 feet
lcrg. Two masts were gone close to the
deck and the stump of the third stuck up
about four feet. It looked like the re
ma'ns of a lumber vessel bound from
Puget Sound to some Chilean port and
must have been in a hurricane. We were
unable to ascertain her name or learn
anything about her."
THE new steam collier Meteor ar
rived from Baltimore yesterday
after a good run of ninety days
from Baltimore. She brings 2600
tons of coal, and after discharging
will probably go into the coast trade.
STEAMSHIP METEOR SIGHTING A DERELICT OFF THE COAST OF SOUTH AMERICA. THE MATE OF THE
COLLIER THINKS IT WAS THE REMAINS OF SOME WOODEN VESSEL LUMBER LADEN AND BOUND
FROM PUGET SOUND FOR ONE OF THE CHILEAN PORTS.
Steamer Movements.
TO ARRIVE.
bla valued at $14,157 and 513 crates onions for
Sydney valued at $1030. The cargo for British
Columbia included the following merchandise
and produce: £82 cs canned goods, 899 gals
wine, 35 pkgs paints and oils, 7 cs drugs, 120
bxs raisins, 18 pkgs groceries and provisions,
30,000 rbs salt, 182 Ids bread, 26 cyls gas, 4
cyls ammonia, 11,525 lbs dried fruit, 21S0 tbs
glucose, 41,r(K) tbs malt, 10 cs fuse, 1400 lbs
chocolate, 210 lbs ham, 8SS tbs nuts, 57 pkgs
machinery, log cs arms and ammunition, 830
pkgs fruits and vegetables. 14.175 lbs oil. cake,
124 ca paste, 5 cs- dry goods, 10 cr3 onions.;
TO SAIL.
Roanoke Rye, Honey and Horehound.
Get it. You 1 !! not regret it. ' . \ *.
Judge Joachimsen ruled yesterday in
the Justices' Court that consuls of foreign
countries are not amenable to the laws
g-overninf? the serving of subpenas for
witnesses in court cases. An attorney had
petitioned thafHenri Dallemagne, Consul
General for France, be punished for con
tempt for failing- to answer a summons in
the case of his secretary, L. Tamra,
against whom a judgment had been
obtained for $150 by M. Escaude. • Judge
Joachimsen in denying the petition stated
that the French Consul had proper rea
sons for not answering the summons.
Consuls Need Not Answer Summons
Steamer.
Destination.
I Sails.
Pier.
Kureka
Curacao
Westport
St. Paul
Corona
Serapis
China
Ventura
Czarina '
Arcata
G. W. Elder.
City Puebla..
September 11.
Humboldt 9 am Pier 13
Mexican Ports 10 am Pier 11
Bear Harbor 3 pm|Pier 2
September 12. | "
Nome & St Michael 10 am'Pier 24
Redondo & Way... 9 am|Pler 11
Hamburg & Way.. 12 mjPier 27
China and Japan.. 1 pm PAISS
Sydney & Way Pts 10 am Pier 7
September 13.
Seattle & Tacoma. 5 pm Pier —
Coos Bay.... 12 m Pier 13
Portland & Astoria 11 am Pier 24
Puget Sound Ports 11 amIPler 9
September 14. j
Humboldt 1:30 p Pier 9
September 15.
San Diego & Way 9 am Pier 11
September 16.
Point Arena 2 pm Pier 2
September 18. '-
Tahiti direct 10 am Pier 7
Puget Sound Ports 11 am Pier 9
Panama & Way... 12 ? m PMSS
Valparaiso & Way. 12 m Pier 10
Humboldt 9 am Pier 2
Pomona
Santa Rosa.. .
Point Arena..
Australia
Walla Walla.
Newport
Colombia
Xorth Fork..
Steamer.
Destination.
Sails.
DIrigo Skaguay & Way Ports. Sept 12
Garonne Nome direct : Sept. 12
Cottage City... Skaguay & Way Ports. Sept. 13
Humboldt Skaguay '& Way Ports. Sept. 13
Centennial Nome & Teller Sept. 15
Al-Ki Skaguay & Way Ports. Sept. IS
Dolphin Skaguay & Way Ports. Sept. 18
City of Seattle. Skaguay & Way Ports. Sept. IS
Oregon ..... Nome & Teller Sept. 18
Steamer.
From.
I Due.
Mandalay .Coquiile River ISept. 11
Matteawan.... Taccma ISept. 11
Ofcarina Seattle & Tacom.i......lSept. 11
Santa Rosa.... San Diego & Way Pts. Sept. 12
Pcmoi-a Humboldt Sept. 12
Arcata Coos Bay ....'. Sept. 12
Asuncion Seattle ; Sept. 13
Colombia Valparaiso & Way Pts. Sept. 13
Point Arena... Point Arena Sept. 13
Doric China and Japan Sept. 13
San Bias.. Panama & Way Ports. Sept. 14
Memphis Hamburg & Way Pts. Sept. 14
Walla Walla.. Puget Sound Ports Sept. 14
Eureka Humboldt r ...Sept.lt
North Fork Humboldt Sept. 14
Corona Redondo & Way Ports. Sept. 17
Mariposa Honolulu Sept.- 18
Umatilla.. Puget Sound Ports Sept 19
5un rises ....". 5:47
?un sets 6:25
VIoon rises '. 4:31 a: m.
. Time Time Time Time
Date Ft. — Ft. Ft. r- Ft.
L W H\W L AV H W
,1 .. 4:05 0.2 10*55 5.4 4:22 1.6 10:41 5.4
12 ... 4:45 0.5 11:27 5.4 5:05 1.3 11:29 5.2
13 ... 5:21 0.9 11:59 5.4 5:46 1.1 .
H W L AV H W U W
.4... 0:15 5.0 5:53 1.3 12:30 5.6 6:2S 1.0
15:..' 1:00 4.8 6:25.1.6 1:00 5.3 7.05 0.)
IS .. 1:50 4.5 6:56 2.0 1:2ft 5.3 7:50 0.9
17 ... 2:40 4.3 7:30 2.4 1:5615.1 '8:35 .0:3
Steamer.
Destination.
I Sails.
Pier.
Kureka
Curacao
Westport
St. Paul
Corona
Serapis
China
Ventura
Czarina '
Arcata
G. W. Elder.
City Puebla..
September 11.
Humboldt 9 am Pier 13
Mexican Ports 10 am Pier 11
Bear Harbor 3 pm|Pier 2
September 12. | "
Nome & St Michael 10 am'Pier 24
Redondo & Way... 9 am|Pler 11
Hamburg & Way.. 12 mjPier 27
China and Japan.. 1 pm PAISS
Sydney & Way Pts 10 am Pier 7
September 13.
Seattle & Tacoma. 5 pm Pier —
Coos Bay.... 12 m Pier 13
Portland & Astoria 11 am Pier 24
Puget Sound Ports 11 amIPler 9
September 14. j
Humboldt 1:30 p Pier 9
September 15.
San Diego & Way 9 am Pier 11
September 16.
Point Arena 2 pm Pier 2
September 18. '-
Tahiti direct 10 am Pier 7
Puget Sound Ports 11 am Pier 9
Panama & Way... 12 ? m PMSS
Valparaiso & Way. 12 m Pier 10
Humboldt 9 am Pier 2
Pomona
Santa Rosa.. .
Point Arena..
Australia
Walla Walla.
Newport
Colombia
Xorth Fork..
Steamer.
Destination.
Sails.
DIrigo Skaguay & Way Ports. Sept 12
Garonne Nome direct : Sept. 12
Cottage City... Skaguay & Way Ports. Sept. 13
Humboldt Skaguay '& Way Ports. Sept. 13
Centennial Nome & Teller Sept. 15
Al-Ki Skaguay & Way Ports. Sept. IS
Dolphin Skaguay & Way Ports. Sept. 18
City of Seattle. Skaguay & Way Ports. Sept. IS
Oregon ..... Nome & Teller Sept. 18
5un rises ....". 5:47
?un sets 6:25
VIoon rises '. 4:31 a: m.
. Time Time Time Time
Date Ft. — Ft. Ft. r- Ft.
L W H\W L AV H W
,1 .. 4:05 0.2 10*55 5.4 4:22 1.6 10:41 5.4
12 ... 4:45 0.5 11:27 5.4 5:05 1.3 11:29 5.2
13 ... 5:21 0.9 11:59 5.4 5:46 1.1 .
H W L AV H W U W
.4... 0:15 5.0 5:53 1.3 12:30 5.6 6:2S 1.0
15:..' 1:00 4.8 6:25.1.6 1:00 5.3 7.05 0.)
IS .. 1:50 4.5 6:56 2.0 1:2ft 5.3 7:50 0.9
17 ... 2:40 4.3 7:30 2.4 1:5615.1 '8:35 .0:3
Steamer.
From.
I Due.
Mandalay .Coquiile River ISept. 11
Matteawan.... Taccma ISept. 11
Ofcarina Seattle & Tacom.i......lSept. 11
Santa Rosa.... San Diego & Way Pts. Sept. 12
Pcmoi-a Humboldt Sept. 12
Arcata Coos Bay ....'. Sept. 12
Asuncion Seattle ; Sept. 13
Colombia Valparaiso & Way Pts. Sept. 13
Point Arena... Point Arena Sept. 13
Doric China and Japan Sept. 13
San Bias.. Panama & Way Ports. Sept. 14
Memphis Hamburg & Way Pts. Sept. 14
Walla Walla.. Puget Sound Ports Sept. 14
Eureka Humboldt r ...Sept.lt
North Fork Humboldt Sept. 14
Corona Redondo & Way Ports. Sept. 17
Mariposa Honolulu Sept.- 18
Umatilla.. Puget Sound Ports Sept 19
AMUSEMENTS.
faSr h mat r s M ?
FLORENCE ROBERTS
Supported by WHITE WHITTLESEY.
In Shakespeare's Best Comedy.
The Taming of
the Shrew.
EVERY NIGHT AT 8:15.
MATINEE SATURDAY AT 2.
MATINEE TO-DAY (Wednesday), Sept. 11.
Parquet, any seat, 25c; balcony. 10c; chil-
dren, any part except reserved. 10c.
A Red=Letter Week in Vaudeville
George W. Leslie and Company, Ern-
est Hogan, Libby, Trayer and
Gilbert, the Five Sunbeams, the La
Vallee Trio, Mile. Lotty, the Great
Powell and His Company, and the
Bio graph..
Evenings at S Eharc>. Matinee Saturday at 2
sharr>- I?.". -. .;
. TO-NIGHT, Friday and Saturday. -
"FAUST."
With the Etroncest Cast Ever Heard Here'.
Thursday, Sunday Xight and Saturday Matinee,
"C&RMEN."
With the Only COLLAMARIXI!
POPUI-AB PRICES.. ....25c, 50c. 75c
Telephone Bush 9.
CHUTES AN^Z0O E ;^ E^"
Big Vaudeville Bill!
TO-MORROW NIGHT— THE AMATEURS
AND A LADIES' BASEST-BALL CONTEST.
Telephone for Scats Park 23.
PIQPWPR'^ CONCERT HOUSE.
riOtniln O Admission lOc.
Von Suppe's "BEAUTIFUL GALATEA,"
Mae Tunison, Wren and Linden, Merle Stanton,
June Mathins. Sam Holdsworth and our un-
rivaled orchestra.
Reserved Scat*, 25c. Matinee Sunday.
PALACE HOTEL.
For a quarter of a century these
hotels have been the headquarters of
tourists and travelers who have
journeyed from all parts of the world
to San Francisco. Guests enter-
tained on the American or European
plan.
GRAND HOTEL.
Cold in the head makes
you snuffle j — makes your
head ache — your eyes
water. Your throat is
parched — you feel out of
humor with yourself and
every one else.
You're cross and irritable
— speak harshly and say
things you did not intend to.
You're miserable, but you
think you cannot help it
But you can.
You can stop your cold in
a jiffy — go to the^ nearest
druggist and get a bottle of
Dr. Halpruner's Pain Re-
mover — pour a few drops on
your hands and hold them
under your nostrils, inhal-
ing the vapor. Do this for
a few minutes and the relief
is instantaneous — keep it up
and you will be cured. .
It is also advisable to take
a tablespoonful of the medi-
cine in a glass of milk or
water every hour or so until
cured
Alldrucroists sell Dr. Hil-
pruner's Pain Remover — ijoc.
and $i.oo a bottle. Don't
let them talk you out of
buying tf — it is really a
wonderful medicine that
will cure your cold instant-
ly, and what's the use of
waiting and suffering if you
can be cured at once. De-
mand the genuine
/fhlprtiner's
If your druggist won't get it for you.
send to Halpruner Medical Manufacturing
Co., 28 California st., San Francisco, Cal.
ADVEBTISEMENT3.
ADVERTISEMENTS:
BPjKlTJ DA ftCl rfPH Hwf BTTTn
Is the baby happy and con-
tented'? If not, send for a
sample of Mellin's Food.
Mellin's Food is good for
babies of all ages because
it adapts itself to the dif-
ferent conditions and re-
quirements. Mellin's Food
makes babies happy.
MELLIN'S FOOD COMPANY, BOSTON, MASS.
Scad fcr our book, " Mellin's Food Babies." You will find it interesting. We will send it fret* j
a ¦ b m m Rifles. Ammunition. Fish-
ilBaHlI"ins Tackle. Sporting, Out-
B 8 i iVl ins Goods. I^irsest Stock.
bVI 99 W -^I-owest Prices. Send for
8 laiiBI Ji'aialfiiriii- and Job Sheet.
*# ¦ ¦ BHIIIVB fc BABBZK CO.
739 Market. 511 Kearny
j AMUSEMENTS.
LA«T 4 I I AST MATINEE
MGHTS. • SATURDAY.
Charles Frohinan Presents
ANNIE RUSSELL.
In R Marshall's Comedy of Romance,
A ROYAL_FAMILY.
Beginning NEXT MONDAY,
Opening of Fall and Winter Season, With Fol-
lowing Price Scale: ?1..*>O, 91. «5e,
SOc, a5e, 25c.
THOS. Q.
SEABROOKE
In Sydney Rosenf eld's Romantic Comic Play.
"A MODERN CRUSOE"
Scat Sale Begins To-morrjw Mornins.
¦
MATINEE SATURDAY AXD SUNDAY.
EVENINGS S SHARP. MATINEES 2 SHARP.
JOSEPH HAWORTH
In the Grandest Production of Stanislaus
SU.nge'6 Original Version of
"<jUO VADIS"
EVER SEEN ON ANY STAGE.
PRICES.. 10c, 15c. 25c. 50c, 753
Good Orchestra. Seats all Matinees 25c
Branch Ticket Office Emporium.
. - .
NEXT WEEK,
« JOSEPH HAWORTH IN' "RICHELIEU:"
GOOD^BY PERFORMANCES THIS WEEK.
TO-NIGHT.
MR. JAMES ANDTH3
1 V Bam* M MajJL** COMPANY.
— -PRESENTIXG
A BACHELOR'S ROMANCE.
Matinee To-morrow THE JILT
Thursday Evening- A ROYAL. BOX
Friday (farewell).. THE LOTTERT OF. LOVE
NEXT SATURDAY NIGHT-THE DURNO-
EMMETT' COMBINATION. Mirth. M"sic.
Mimicry. Majrfo. Pptcial cnKagement of RICH-
ARD J JOSP 1 - America"! greatest contra-
tenor. SEATS THURSDAY.
3EEASCO *>«> THALCS^fflg,
Mlll *l^ >»^ £ttt!Zt CITY ti£U
SECURE SEATl— AVOID RUSH
TO-NIGHT and Every Even'.ns This Week.
The Greatest Triumph Known in Years.
Edw Eisner's Spectacular Biblical Drama.
A VOICE FROM
THE WILDERNESS.
Engagement of the Eminent American Actor,
ROBERT DOWNING.
200 People on the Stage— A Great Cast.
PPll t-W Evenings 10c 15c. 25c, 35c. 50c
I RtULJ Matinees.. 10c, 15c. 25o
SUTRO BATHS.
OPEN NIGHTS,
OPEN DAILY from 7 a. m. to U p. m.
Bathins from 7 a. m. to 10:30 p. m.
ADMISSION. 10c. CHILDREN. Ec.
B&tbins. including admlsrion, 25c; children, 20c.
\A/. T. HESS,
ITOTART PUBLIC AMD ATTOaWBY-AT-IiAW.
Tenth Floor. Room 1013. Clau» Spreckels Bids, -
Telephone Majn 983.
Residence. 821 California St.. b«low Powell.
Residence Telephone James 1301.
•K"M« 4"r+4«^ 'fo-HrH' •H"I-M"S > rK"I"I"Irft •i*4"K~H > -I-M-H-fr •i-I-I-W 1 * -X"t--I"-I~I~I-
i ' : ''"'"+ v' •' ¦ "¦ * ' ' ?
T J^^^^fk >0 y° u want to & e strong? Do you X
* m^^^^k Want to feel the vim, the snap anJ V
J J^l^iilil * lre °* manl y v isor ? Do you want * I
•> • :y^KN, courage, energy and ambiti° n *o sup- ?
*/. ' . TV. port you in yonr cares and troubles ? T
WSfifim V \\ an d womanly vigor. I've 31
T WMa «L«» Jl X mzdt a .great success. My .{.
X lliiir .— a« f^SwifeMe- >*. ¦ met h°^ s are approved by V
T B|i r "5P" y -^^^1^^^^ \ tne greatest doctors and
v ' W. M v Wffi$W*^ J C °I^e Proved that electricity 2
+ If Mr j^'mfmtty^ is th * basi3 of a11 an !m *i »fe •-
'r y ¦"wfi'sr sir aTI< 5 that "weak men." fly- J.
W'"'-->,'.i : , / *^ i ifi rr^f*"^ neptlcs. rheumatics. suffer»r<? ?*•
J. . /, jHpi'j JcrtPwOrai '"'i from lost enerpy. weak kid- •
•i- / JmHl > 1 . it ' nevs - Dairs ln the back - head - chcsh 2
*r» / ' js^\\WVn r J :^^almSaA\'i}h «nd shoulders from varicocele anrt J.
J- / jJfffi! r ffiSfNfeSsPsSPw 1 - 1ts alU<"d weakn«ses. *-tc. are weak J,
•*• /J^ I Hi ' W^%#ffl^\ : ln electricity. - tmt.v Electric B^I t A
* /*¦- t' 1 X /i/fi/vX' \ rertor^. this life in a. few weeks i.
*" /*5® fill 1 \/'//' m \avA cures every time. t,
| ¦ W ¦'.':' y \ W__A DR^McLAUQHLIN'S 1
*{r :v \ .•/.'• lLcLIKiv JjJuLl.
J. ' , Q Describe your case to me, and -if I say I can T
.-, . . :^'. .;;•;'•'-;',',' 9 Drujca won't restore your • etrength. They only V
V i stimulate. . If you have to take a stimulant 1 , take whisky. Taken in moderation it ' T
" ¦ -'- does le»s harm than the others. ¦ ,' ' ; ; . ¦ •!•
T " "Every aJfen of pain and sickness hrs disappeared, lapprrciati what your y
•% Celt hss done for me." write* "J. Schwarz. CoIerHfte. Trlnitv County, Ca!. T
X : I will gladly eend' you my book on this subject. It has 8! pages of meat to peopla T
1* who want more "fire." Sealed, free.:. "y
| :p'M;cmLA|^LiN, 702Ma^^. Kearoy> I
> «**l # ****S**l*V > V*f^ *********** •***J**4**I* %"¦*•* *•*%**?**•*%¦"*•* *i**i**i"*4**i**»* **"*••**»*"?"?*" *»**l**J**l**3E*%'* •4""4*"***I**i* *I^5**i**S"
JOE POHEIM
H The Tailor
Jb£_ Makes the best fitting
/^^m clothes in the State at
wmjy%^ ver y moderate prices.
li|l[ Pants 'SfcrMiSt. $!0
Jiff Suits'^;,? $15.50450
will 201-203 Montgomery Street
WU III0-III2 Market Street
7 I! SAN FRANCISCO
*Cr*^Vi 143 South Sprlnq Street
LOS ANGELES
1 A PERMANENT CURE I
s of the most obstinate cases of Gonorrhoea P
2 and Gleet, guaranteed in from 3 to 6 <
C days ; no other treatment required. S
C Sold by all druggists.- >
Pleasant
Hours
Swiftly Flyings—
Those spent on tha £
California Limited
as it rashes and races
across the country from"
San Francisco to Chicago
in 75 hours.
Leaves San Francisco at
9 a. m. every Monday
and Thursday on the
Santa FeNnv York Grain and Produce.
Chicago Grain Market.
Continued on Page Eleven.
CHICAGO, Sept. 10.— Trading In wheat was
light and mostly for local account. I ' Statistics
favored the bears, the Indifferent cables,', heavy
receipts at primary points and liberal increase
in Bradstreet's total visible supply mora than
counterbalancing the effects of the . unsettled
weather ln the Northwest : and clearances ¦ of
about $00,000 bushels. The market was also
affected by the "weakness in corn and uncer
tainty as to the Government report due to
dav. December closed U<5%c lower at 70*i©
7»*'". Bradstreet's reported an. Increase of
7.S2J.000 bushels during August, compared with
STATIONS. 3 Iff § g| «l I
J :H|3 ft 3 • £
* • •¦. ; ' • '. t^
Aetoria 30.00 62 64 NW Pt.Cldy .00
Baker...... .....29.96 64 40 ' NW Clear .00
Carson.... 29.88 78 40 W Clear .00
Eureka 29.96 56 48 NW Pt.Cldy .00
Fresno 29.76 92 50 NW Clear .00
Flagstaff...- 29.96 72 38 - SW Pt.Cldy .00
Pocatello. Idaho— 29.84 70 38 XV Clear .00
independence 29.72 84 56 S Clear .00
Lot Angeles 29.82 76 56 W Clear <r. 00
Phoenix :.29.66 96 72 SW Clear .00
Portland 29.94 72 48 N Clear .00
Red BluS 29.78 92 60 8 Pt.Cldy .00
Roseburg 28.90 80 42 NW Pt.Cldy .00
Sacramento 28.88 90 54 S Clear .00
Salt Lake.. 29.86 72 60 NW Clear .00
Can Francisco 29.S8 62.52 W . Clear .00
Ean Luis Oblepo.. .29.88 72 50 W. Clear .00
tan Diego 29.84 70 62 W Clear .00
LONDON, .'Sept. 10.— Consuls, -. 93 15-16'!?'
94: sliver; 26 15-16;; French- rentes, . HOfr SOc;
Foreign Markets
BOSTON. Sept. 10.— The wool market here
shows a .falling off of- sales ; this week, but
values show no signs of weakness. The mar
ket -for territory wool continues - strong.' and
buyers In need of supplies are . paying' full
former rates. | r The scoured . basis of sales on
strictly fine wools continues at \ about 44@43c,
with fine medium at 42@43c. , Fleece wools are
in quiet demand and prices arc more or less
nominal. There-. Is a quiet tone to Australian
wools, but some moderate lots are being taken.
Quotations: Territory, scoured basis, Montana
fine, 14@16c; scoured, . 44046c ; fine medium .14®
16c; scoured. 42®43c; staple, 16®17c. Utah',
Wyoming and Idaho fine. 13 1 ,4@15c: scoured.
44@43c;. flne'medlufn. 13@14c; scoured,' 40@43c;
staple, 16ffi>17c; scoured, 46<f?47c. , Australian,
scoured basi3.- spot prices, combing- superfind,
,74@75c: superfine, 71 @72; good, -68@70c; aver
age. 1 65 | g'67c. ¦-..... - .. - • -..-., <
PRODUCERS* OIL EXCHANGE.
Morning Session.
Board—
500 Four ..., • 40
100 Giant ; 39
1 Hanford I"l't CO
1 Hanford .; .- I!l2O 01
5 Hanford. to 90 121 00
100 Junction ..'. »7
1000 Lion, s 60 : \ 03
7C0 Lion *;.. 03
500 Monarch of Arizona '¦ 2i
SCO Peerless 500
SCO Peerless, b 90 523
1C0O Petroleum Center 02
30 San Joaquln Oil & Dev g 25
100 Sovereign 23
70 Sterling j 33
50 Wolverine 70
' Afternoon Session.
2CO California-Standard 23
10OO California-Standard «2
5 Hanford. b 90 1" *"l*f>on
100 Home r.... 370
130 Homo, b 90 370
100 Home, s 60 .............
1201) Junction ....""" C5
1500 Junction ........ .."..i...,.- * " -»6
2C0O Junction, b 60 r;
SCO Lion ; " """ q$
€00 Monarch of Arizona ..'. " *** »4
1C0O Petroleum Center oi
: The market has now arrived at -the season!
when business begins to slacken* off. ; . The bulk
of the fruit . is ¦ in, . Peaches, Pears and Pluma
are: commencing: to fall off, '', and .Grapes will
soon be the only - fruit of . importance. . Even
now they, are in liberal supply,' with a ten-
Deciduous and Citrus, Fruits
' EGGS— Ranch. 30@32c . for good to ' fancy
and 26iS'29c for fair; store, 20®23c per dozen
Eastern, 17@22tec . ; * V .
BUTTER— Creamery, 24@25c per lb for fancy
and 23c for seconds: dairy. 18@22^ac; Etore But
ter, - 15@17V2C per lh; Creamery Tub, 18@21c-
Pickled Roll, 19#20c; Keg, 1S@ 19c per lb. - -
CHEESE— New. ll@19c; old, nominal; Young
America; 12>4c per lb; Eastern, 13@15c. V- t-
were 40,000 pounds of Butter. 22 6S0
pounds • Eastern Butter, 863 cases of Eggs, 740
cases of Eastern Eggs, 7400 pounds of Califor
nia. Cheese and — pounds of Eastsrn Cheese.
Eggs are still quoted firm and stocks are mod
erate. :'i Dealers are using the present opportu
nity to work off their cold storage and Eastern
stock. - ¦ . . .-...•-..
Cheese rules firm at the recent advance.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Butter is off "again and weak at the decline.
The demand ls insufficient to absorb all of
ferings. . -'>
GAME— Doves, per dozen, 75c@$l; Hare $1-
Rabbits; $1 25 for Cottontail and $1 for Brush.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, 9gi0c for Gobblers
and ll@12c for Hens; Young Turkeys, 20c •
Geese, por palr.$l 50@l 75; Goslings, $1 50@l 75 :
Ducks, $3®3 50 for old and ?3 50tf?5 for young;
Hens, $3@4 for common and $4 S0@5 for
choice; youns Roosters,' $5@6; old Roosters
$4@4 50; Fryers, $4@4 50; Broilers, $3@3 50 for
large and $2 25@2 75 for small ; Pigeons, $1 25®
1 75 per dozen for . oldf . and ' $1 50®l 75 for
Squabs. " " ¦ " t ,• _.
With one car of Eastern ln and two more ex
pected to-day, the Poultry market is rather
soft, though prices show little change.
. Game continues quiet. .,.-. , -¦
Poultry j and Game.
CHICAGO . Sept. 10.— CATTLE — Receipts.
S0OO. including- 500 Texans 'and 20CO Westerns.
Beeves, steady; cows, easy; calves, strong.
Good to' prime steers, $6 15@6 50; poor to me
dium, $4«J5 SO: stockers and feeders, $2 25<5>4 23:
cows and heifers, $1 50@4 90; canners, $1 50@
2 40; bulls. ¦ $2 25@4 75; ¦ calves, $3@6 25; Texas
steers, $3 E0@5 50; Western steers, $3 75@5 23. .
HOGS— Receipts, 19,000; to-morrow, 2S.O0O; left
over, 4000. Steady to shade lower. Mixed and
butchers, $6 10@6 80; - good to choice heavy.
S6 60@6 95; rough heavy. ?6@« 40; light, $6 10®
6 70. , - - . - ->.
SHEEP— Receipts, EOCO.. Steady. Good^ to
choice wethers, $3 75@4; fair to choice mixed,
$3 50® 3 C5; Western • sheep. $3 15@3 85; native
lambs, $3@5; Western lambs, $1®4 80. ,
ST. JOSEPH.
ST. JOSEPH. Sept.: 10. -CATTLE— Receipts,
200. Native cows, $2@4 75; bulls and stags, $2(ft
4 50; stockers • and feeders, $2@3; veals, $2 25@
5 25. /' • . '¦:.•...•..:¦ . . ¦ *
¦ HOGS— Receipts.- 67CO. Market steady to 5c
lower. Light and light mixed, $6 25@6 50; me
dium and heavy, $3 65@6 55; bulk. $6 35@6 50. '
SHEEr-Receipts, 2900. Market steady to
strong. ..
Boston Wool Market.
CHICAGO.
Eastern Livestock Market.
THE COAST RECORD.
The market for evaporated apples ruled fairly
active, with a steady to firm undertone. De
mand came mostly from out of town and was
well scattered throughout the list. Prices at
the close were unchanged. - State, common to
good, 5@Sc; prime, 8Vi@S%c; . choice, 9c; fancy,
9ViC. • •
California dried fruits-ruled Inactive.
PRUNES— 3%@7c. :
APRICOTS— Royal, 8^@13c; Moorpark, . 8®
8V4C-- ¦:-. -
PEACHES— Peeled, ll@18c; unpeeled, 6@9&c.
DRIED FRUITS
NEW YORK. Sept. 10.— FLOUR— Receipts,
27,663 barrels; exports. 13,198 barrels; sales, 11,
7S0 packages. The market was barely steady
and Inactive. It was understood that Minn»
apolls mills had refused $3 80 ror a large line
of flour to-day.
WHEAT-Receipts, 67,700 bushels; exports
228,648; sales, 2,470,000 bushels futures, 64,000
spot. Spot, dull: No. 2 red, 76%c f. o. b.
afloat and 74?»c elevator; No. 1 Northern Du
luth, 76%c f. o. b. afloat; No. 1 hard Duluth,
nominal f. o. b. afloat. Options opened easy
and ruled dull all day. pending crop report
figures. . Moderate selling was inspired by
easier cables, a big primary movement, large
Northwest receipts and disappointing export
trade. Closed easy at net decline. May,
79%fi79%c, closed 79%c; September, 74%@74%c
closed 74%c; October, 74%@74%c, closed 74%c;
December. 76»/i@76i£c, closed 76 l £c.
HOPS— Quiet. ,. . :.
HIDES— Dull.
WOOL— Dull.
COFFEE— Futures closed net unchanged.
Total sales. 27,700 bags. Including: December.
$4 95; February. $5 10; March. $5 20; May. $5 35;
June, $5 40; July, $5 45, Spct coffee — Rio, dull;
No. 7 Invoice, 5 9-16c; mild, quiet.
SUGAR— Raw, steady but quiet : fair refining
3 5-16c; centrifugal, 96 test, 3%c; molasses
sugar. 3 l-16c; refined, steady.
BUTTER— Receipts, 10.918 packages. Steady.
State dairy. 14@18V4c: do factory, 18yi@20V2C;
June packed factory, 1401540.
EGGS— Receipts, 10.S05 packages. Steady.
State and Pennsylvania, 18(g20c; Western can
dled, 17<S ISc; do uncandled, 14@17c.
WASHINGTON. Sept. . 10.— To-day's state
ment of the Treasury balances In the general
fund, exclusive of the $150,000,000' gold reserve
in the division of redemption, shows: Avail
able cash balance, $131,029,552; gold, $116,974,498
Condition- of the Treasury
NEW YORK, Sept. 10,-The market for cot
ton, closed steady, with prices nst 6®7 points
lower. ¦ . . ¦ ¦ .
A r ezu York Cotton Market.
NEW YORK, Sept. 10.— Conditions .prevalent
in the market for metals were rather of bear
ish average. Tin again eased off under liqui
dation as a result of recent heavy arrivals at
this port, as "did the London market for that
metal, the close there being weak ami £1
lower from the previous night's close to £113
12s 6d for spot and £111 for futures. The
close here was weak at $24 75@25 25,. with trad
ing very light all day. Copper ln London was
3s 6d better, owing to an increase in demand,
with spot standing ct £67 6s 3d and futures
at £67 16s 3d. Here the market was nominally
unchanged at $16 50® 17 for Lake Superior and
$16 37V4fil6 62^4 for casting and electrolytic.
Lead was dull and unchanged at home and
abroad, closing at $4 37% and at £12 respect
ively. Spelter was dull here at $4 and un
changed in London at £16 17s 6d. Domestic
iron markets were unchanged. Pig Iron war
rants, ?9@10; No. 1 Northern foundry. . $15®
15 20; No. 2 foundry. ' Southern, $14@14 50- No.
1 Southern foundry, $14 75@15 25; No. 1 foundry.
Southern, soft, $14 75@15 25. Glasgow warrants
closed at 53s 6d and Mlddlesboro at 45s.
New York Metal Market,
GRAIN BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bazs. 7%@
7T-gc; local make, %c less than Calcuttas; Wool
Bags,. 32@35c; Fleece Twine, V,i^Hc; Fruit
Bag:?. VKtf&'&C for cotton and 7@7&e for jute.
CANNED FRUITS— The California Fruit
Canner3 quote as follows, in 2',^-lb tins:
Apples, $1 15(&1 55; Apricots, $ligl 50; Cherries,
black, $1 iO<&2; do, white, $1 50@2; do. Royal
Anne, SI 60{f 2 15; Peaches, yellow, $1 20@l 65;
do. Lemon Clinsr. SI 30@l 75; Bartlstt Pears.
$1 25®J 73; Plums, WcSSl 25: Nectarines. *1©»
1 50; Muscat Grapes, S5c@Jl 35; Quinces, $1 10®
1 55; Strawberries, $1 30<gl 75; Raspberries, $1 hi
<f?2; Blackberries, $1 30(81 60.
COAL— Wellington, $» per ton; Southfleld
Wellington, $9; Seattle, $7; Bryant. $6 50; Coos
Bay, $5 CO: Wallsend, $9; Co-operative Walls
end, $9; Cumberland, $12 50 In bulk and $13 75 in
sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $14; Can
nel, $10 per ton: Coke, $15 per ton In bulk and
$17 in sacks; -Rocky Mountain descriptions,
$8 45 per 2000 lbs and $8 50 per ton, according
to brat.d.
CORDAGE — The local cordace company
quotes as follows: Pure Manila. 13c per lb;
Sisal size, 10c; Bale Rope, 914c; Duplex, 9c.
Terms, 60 days, or V& per cent cash discount
Lots of 10.C0O lbs. lc. less.
PACIFIC CODFISH— Bundles, per lb, 5c •
case*-, regular, 5V6c: cases, extra large, 5%c'
cases. Eastern style, 6%c; Boneless, 6>/4c; "Nor
way." 6%c; . "Narrow Gauge," 7c:" "Silver
Kin?," l\ic; Blocks. "Seabnght," 7Vic; Tab
lets. Sc: Middles. "Golden State," 7\4c- Mid
dles, "White Seal," 8c; 5-lb boxes Fancy Bone
less, 9c; 2-lb boxes Fancy Boneless, 7U@8c-
Desiccated, per dozen, 75c; Pickled Cod. bar
rels, each. $7 50; Pickled Cod, half-barrels
each, 5* 50. ¦ ¦ - .-
COFFEE— Costa Rica, 13@13^c for strictly
prime to fancy washed: 10%@li% c for prime
washed: 9%@10c for good washed; 9H@llu c for
good to prime washed peaberry; 8%@9U C for
fair to prime peaberry: 8H@10c for good to
prime; 7@8c for fair; 5%@6V4c for common to
ordinary. "" Ci ™
;f?\l?? or T mn] i c i tor strictl y Prime' washed-
SMHHic for good to prime washed; VAGMc
for fair washed: lO^llc for good to. prime
washed Deaberry: 7Vi®8»4c for good to prime
t.eml-washed : <9*®Sc for superior unwashed- «2
«S7%c for sood green unwashed; 8V4@9c for good
to superior unwashed peaberry ; 5H»6W C for
common to ordinary. 73 r
Nicaragua — ll@13c for prime to fan,.,,
washed: S@10c for fair to strictly^ood washed^
7ffl7iic Tor good to superior unwashed: 8U«8%c
for good to prime unwashed peaberry u^ s? * 0
Guatemala, and Mexican— 10H@13c for nrim»
to fancy washed ; . 9©10c for strlc°[y *,£!
washed; 8^4(&9c for good washed: 7«4©SUrT<^i
-fair wa*hed: MS«W%e for medium: 5@6 Vic tor
inferior to ordinary: 9<gli c for good to nw™
washed peaberry: 8S?9c for good to pri^SS
washed waberry; 7%©7%c 5 for . good to n
perlor vnwashed. lo - ¦"•
. LEATHER— Sole, heavy. 28©3' c Dor IK. e 1
Leather, medium. 2S«f3Oc : Sole Leather n« Si"
25(5 28c; Rough Leather, heavy, 27^ f' R l '?, nt ,;
Leather, light. 25fl26c: .Harness Leather" h«,f h
3S@3Hc for No. land 30«33c for No '- ir, y *
Leather, medium. 30©37c: Harness' rit7i esS
Heht. -29S33C: Skirting. S6®40c: Collar T^tH! er '
15® 16c per foot; Kip. unfinished -4Oeso^ ~*
lb: Veal, finished. 16®l7c per foot- K-'?! 11
Splita. 14(S16c; Rough Split* 8®10c Mr lh
TANBARK-Ground. $26@2S per ton- «•' u
$18«2O per cord. ** P t0n » st »ck.
OILS— California Castor Oil. in »... »
1.70c: pure. $122: Linseed OU h^JS a
boiled. E6c: raw. E4c; cases fc moJrtM Wl !'
50o for boiled ami 4Sc for raw ? n 5rE!L. L ? co1 ;
Oil, extra winter strained.- barrels ©V 1 *" 1
85c- China Nut. SS®7?c per gallon*' nurL* 9 '
foot Oil. -barrels. 67>.ic- care" -iv£?- sats "
pure 6*c; Whale Oil. 'nauSTi whuV '¦ &T"
r T r^anon;'Fi3h Oil. in barrels, "S: 2g
13c J pPe;r7 I O^n t^s^ h^^^ 1 i^ £'*•
lie: Extra Star. 23c: ElatnV. '-s'c^EoSS- '?£
deodorized stove *a«oline in bulk iv^tJJ '
21c; Benzine. In bulk. Ut~. \v Tca,« %£ -^JT'
AND-WHITE.^Ab-n.d Lead/ 7^
General Merchandise.
NEW YORK, Sept 10.— Money on call, flrm
at 3{io\i per cent; last loan, 5 per cent; prime
mercantile paper, SSoVi per cent; sterling ex
change steadier, with actual business in bank
ers' bills at $4 SjH@* 85?i for demand and
H 82% for sixty days; posted rates, $4 83Vj?i)
4 84 and $186%; commercial bills, $1 82',i@
4 82%; bar silver. 5S%c; Mexican dollars, 45V4c;
Government bonds, strong; State bonds, weak;
railroad bonds, firm.
New York Money Market.
VEGETABLES— Green Peas, lH(ff2V4c; String
Beans. 2ff?3c; Llmas, 2'i<fr3 '/4c; Cabbage, 60ig65c
per ctl: Tomatoes from the river, 15@50c: from
Alameda, 30@60c; Dried Peppers, lOfS^Vic-
Green Okra, 40@65c per box; Carrots, 25<&35c per
sack; Cucumbers, Bay, 25@35o; Pickles. lUfilUc
per lb for small and %(7?lc for large; Garlic, 2@
Sc; Green Peppers, 25@40c per box for Chile and
20@40c for Bell; Egg Plant. 25@40c per box-
Green Corn, 25@5Cc per sack; Alameda, 50c@$l
per crate; Berkeley, 5C@75c; Summer Squash
large«boxes, 25«40c; new Marrowfat Squash
$20 per ton. - . » • •
POTATOES— 90c@$l 20 in sacks and $1 23@1 50
in boxes for Burbanks,, $1 15(^1 25 for Garnet
Chiles and $1 10i?l 25 for Early Rose; Salinas
Burbanks. $1 40)S'l 60; Sweets, 50c@$l for Rivers
and 75c«fj : 'l for Merced.
ONIONS— Yellow, $1@1 25 per ctl; Pickle
Onions, 50(S75c per ctl. '
All kinds of Vegetables are In good supply
and quotations are generally easy.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
There is now little excitement in the Potato
market.' The rush for shipment to the West
and South is over, and this business has sub
sided to the regular demand, which is suffi
cient, however, to keep the market -in steady
movement, though a slight decline in prices is
apparent. Onions p.re also easy.
SEEDS — Brown Mustard, . nominal; Yellow
Mustard, nominal; Flax. %2 2G®2 50; Canary, 3>,i
<fr3',4c for Eastern; Alfalfa, nominal; Rape, 1%
<§2 l /ic; Hemp, 3V£c per lb. -.
¦ DRIED PEAS— Nilcs, $1 65 per ctl. -
BEANS— Bayos, $2 85@3; Small White. $4 85@
5; Large White. $2 S0«I3 15; Pink, $2 35@2 45:
Red. $2 7a(?3: Blackeye, $3 15@3 25; Limas, $6 40
@C :0; Red Kidney, $4 per ctl.
Quotations for Beans continue about the same,
pending more liberal receipts of the new crop,
but the feeling is easy. There is not much go
ing on at the moment.
Beans and Seeds.
PORK— Live Hogs, 2C0 lbs and under, 6%@
6Uc; over 200 lbs, 6c; feeders. ; sows, 20 per
cent off; boars. 50 per cent off and stags 40
per cent off from the above quotations; dressed
Hogs, 7Vi*?9'.ic.
LAMB— 7@8c per lb.
Prices for everything remain about as be
fore. Local. packers report plenty of Hogs com
ing in and are' inclined to reduce their bids.
Beef and Mutton are also in good . supply, at
about previous prices. ,
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are" as follows:
BEEF— 6@6^c for Steers and 5@5Vjc per lb
for Cows. "
VEALr-Large, 7@Sc; small, 8<g9c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers. 6',i@7c; Ewes, 6S6V3C per
pound. .
San Francisco Meat Market.
NEW YORK. Sept. 10.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says:
The stock market was more cheerful to-day
on stronger hopes of President McKlnley's re
covery.
The American department hugged close to
parity till the afternoon, with the public and
professional traders Inclined to hold aloof.
The New York purchases of Southern Pacific
and Union Pacific, » Atchison and Chicago, Mil
waukee and St. Paul caused a late Jump of
more than a full point. The close was flrm.
The general contango is 4, with L. and N.,
Chicago, Milwaukee) and St. Paul scarce. ...
Anaconda, 9%; Atchison, 79; Canadian Pa
cific. 117; D. and R. G.. 45%; do prfd., 98;
Northern Pacific prfd., 100; Southern Pacific.
59%; Union Pacific. 101%; do prfd. 90- U S
Steel, 45Vi; do prfd., 96^4.
Bar silver, steady. 26 15-16d per ounce.
Mofley, l',i(gl»A per cent.
London Market.
Receipts of Hay continue moderate, but there
is plenty in the country ready to be sent In
whenever the strike lifts -sufficiently to permit
it to be handled. There is a temporary steady
feeling. The Government will' soon open bids
for 2500 tons, either here or at Seattle, for
array account. Prices remain unchanged.
Feedstuff s are steady !at previous prices.
BRAN— $20 50(f 21 50 per ton.
MIDDLINGS-*22@23 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley, $T6@17 50 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill, $25@26; jobbing,
$26 50; Coccanut Cake, $17@18;-Corn Meal. $33 50
@34; Cracked Corn, $34@34 50; Mixed Feed, $18 50
@19 10.
HAY — Wheat, $7@9 50; choice, $10@10 50;
Wheat and Oat, $6 50@9: Oat, $6@8 50; Barley
nnd Oat, $6@S; Alfalfa. $S 50@10 50; Clover, $5 50
67: Volunteer. $4 S0@5-50.
STRAW-23@42V4c per bale.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
NEW YORK, Sept. 10.— Porter Bros. Company
sold California fruit to-day: Grapes — Tokay,
single crates, $1 S5@2 15, average $1 92: do, clus
ters, single crates, $2 05@2 50, average ?2 22;
Muscat, single crates, $1 15(5'2 \T>, average $1 36;
Black Morocco, single crates, average $2 60;
assorted, single crates, $1 S5@2 25,. average $2 07.
Plums — Yellow Egg, single crates, average 75c;
Quackenboss, single crates, 90@95c, average 91c.
Prunes— German, single crates, average $110;
silver, single crates, average $1 20. Pears—Bart
lett. boxes, $1 25@1 75, average $1 55; do, half
boxes, 90@95c, average Beurre Hardy,
boxes, $1 70@l 75, average $1 73. Nineteen cars
sold to-day. Weather pleasant;
CHICAGO, Sept. 10.— Porter Bros. Company
sold California fruit to-day: Pears— Beurre
Hardy, boxes, $1 30@l SO, average, $1 52; Beurre
Clalrgeau. boxes, $1 70@l' 80, average $177: do,
half boxes, average 60c. Grapes — Malaga, single
crates, 95c@$l 10, average 99c; do, clusters, sin
gle crates, $1 10@l 45, average. $1 15. Fourteen
cars sold to-day. Weather cloudy and cool.
Pears — Beurre Hardy, boxes, $1 75. ' Peaches —
George's Late, boxes, 65c; Salway,. boxes, 70@
75c, average 74c. Prunes— German, single
crates, 55@90c, average 76c; Silver, single
crates. 55@65c. average 60c. ; Six cars sold to
day. Favorable ¦weather. - . .
BOSTON. Sept. 10.— The Earl Fruit Company
realized the following prices for California
fruit sold at auction to-day: - ¦-¦
CHICAGO, Sept. 10.— The Earl Fruit CVm
pany sold California fruit to-day: Pears —
Bartletts, boxes, $2 15. -Grapes — Tokays, single
crates, .70@'80c / average 78c; Malagas, single
crates, 40@50c, average 43c. Peaches— Sal ways,
boxes, 35(g50c, average 45c. Prunes— Italians,
single crates. -65(S70c, average 66c: Slavers, sin
gle crates, 65c; Germans, crates, 90c©$l,
average 99c. '¦ Fourteen cars . sold to-day.
Weather dry and cool.
NEW YORK, Sept. 10.— The Earl Fruit Com
pany sold California fruit to-day: Pears—
Bartletts, boxes, ¦ $1 65® 3, average $2 45; half
boxes, 60c® $135, average' $124. Peaches-
George's Late, boxes, 60@95c, average 85c; Sal
ways, boxes, SocftTfl 15, average 68c. Grapes—
Tokays, single crate3, $1 30@l 80. average $1 49:
White Tokays, single crates, $1 65@1 70, aver
age $1 66:" Malagas, single crates, $1 45@1 55,
average $145. Nineteen cars sold to-day.
Weather favorable.'
There is no further change In Wool. The
new clip will probably meet with a good de
mand when It appears.
New Hops are expected within a fortnight,
as picking is already under way. " At present
the market is nominal at the quotations below.
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about lVjc under quotations. Heavy salted
Steers, 10>,4c; medium, 914c: light. 9c; Cow
Hides. 9c for heavy and 9c for light; Stags..
6\ic: Salted Kip, 9%c; Salted Veal, 10c; Salted
Calf. 10c; Dry Hides, 16@16%c; Culls. 14c; Dry
Kip, 16c; Dry Calf, ISc; Cull* and Brands, 15c;
Sheepskins, shearlings, 15@30c each; short
Wool, 30@50e each; - medium, 50@75c; long
Wool, 80c*m each: Horse Hides, salt. J2 50@
2 75 for large and $2@2 35 for medium. $1 50@
1 75. for small and 50c for Colts; Horse Hides,
dry. $1 75 for large, $t 25@1 50 for medium, $1 25
for -small and 50c for Colts. Deerskins—Sum
mer or red skins, 3.5c; fall or medium skins,
30c:. winter or thin skins, 20c. Goatskins —
Prime Angoras, _ 75c ; large . and smooth, oOc;
medium, 35c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, 4«/4@4%c per lb;
No. 2, 3%©4c; grease, 2%@3c. .
WOOL-Sprlng, 1900 or 1901— Southern, de
fective. 7 months, 7@8c; Oregon Valley fine,
14@13c: do. medium and coarse, ll@13c; Ore
gon, Eastern, choice. ll@13c: do, fair to good,
9<f?llc; Nevada. 10<gl2c. Fall— San Joaquln, 6V2
©SVic; San Joaquin Lambs', 7}4(§9c.
HOPS— New, 12@13c per lb.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
NEW. TORK STOCK LIST.
Stock— ' Sales. High. Low. Close
Atchieon 44,700 77% 75% 76%
Atchison pfd 6,100 96"4 96% 96%
Baltimore & Ohio 1,800 102 101 lOUi
Baltimore & Ohio pfd.. - 10O 93 93 52
Canadian Pacific ...7>.. 3,700 112% 111 111%
Canada Southern 69
Chesapeake & Ohio 2,000 46% 45% 46
Chicago & Alton 1,300 39 3S% 38%
Chi & Alton pfd 200 7S>i 78' 77'
Chi Ind & Louisville... 2.600 41 40 '4C',i
Chi Ind & Louis pfd 400 "74 1 ,4 74 74%
Chi & Eastern Illinois .... 127
Chi & Great Western... 200 24>* 23% 24'i
Chi & Gt West A pfd .... 84
Chi & Gt West B pfd.. 4*34
Chi & Northwestern 900 137 194 lSGVz
Chi Rk Island & Pac... £00 143% 142% 142
Chi Term & Trans 500 21Tg 21Vi 21%
Chi Term & Trans pfd. 900 41V4 40% 41
C C C *• St Louis 4.600 So 92' 91%
Colorado Southern 1.900 14% 14U 14»i
Colo South 1st pfd 2,500 E6'i 55 65%
Colo South 2d pfd 500 25Vi 24% 25-) 8
Delaware & Hudson.... 700 165 164 164V-.
Del Lackawsnna & W.. 300 224 223 £24
Denver & Rio Grande.. 5,200 47'.4 46% 47%
Den & Rio Grande pfd. 1.20O 9514 94\ 94%
Erie 6,600 43% 42% 42Ji
Erie 1st pfd 4,800 71 70^ 70%
Erie 2d pfd 4,200 58 57 67%
Great Northern pfd 500 185 1S3% 184V-
Hockin* Valley 600 53% 51% 53Vi
Hocking Valley prd.... 500 75% 74 7d'/i
Illinois Central 1.700 147 145 146%
Iowa Central 1,700 39% 37 38
Iowa Central pfd .509 72% 72 72%
Lake Erie' & Western.. 62
Lake Erie & "West pfd 123
Louisville & Nashville.. 6,700 104 103 103%
Manhattan Elevated.... 5,500 117% 116 117
Metropolitan St Ry 2.000 165% 165 165 v4
Mexican Central" 2,000 25 24% 25
Mexican National 1,600 14*i 14- 14'
Minneapolis & Ft Louis. 500 107V» 107 106%
Missouri Pacific 900 104 " 102% 103%
Missouri Kan & Tex 900 29% 23 2V,i
Missouri Kan & Tex pfd 1,300 57% 55 56%
New Jersey Central 163' a
New York Central 5,000 154*» 15294 103
Norfolk & Western 11,200 55% 54% 55;
Norfolk & Western pfd. 59
Northern Pacific pfd 57^
Ontario & Western ~ 7,500 31% S4»i 31U
P C C & St Louis.. * 70S
Pennrylvanla 17.200 14474 143U 144''4
Reading ...;...-.:.;....;.; 10,300 42% 41% 42U
Reading 1st pfd ........ 1,500 76% 76 76'i
Reading 2d pfd.... 6.400 53% 53^ 53')!
St Louis & San Fran... 1,000 46 46 4",U
St L& San Fran. 1st pfd 100 S2 S2 $¦>
St L & San Fran 2d pfd 400 , 68% 6S 68%
Et Louis Southwestern.. 560 29% 29 29 u
6t Louis Southwest pfd. 700 62 61',4 62 "
St Paul 77,200 166% 162k 164t;
St Paul pfd ....: SCO 190 16SU 1S8
Southern Pacific ... ...... 78,200 59. 36% 6M£
Southern Railway 17,300 32% 32 32Vi
Southern Ry pfd 1.600 87% 87% m!
Texas & Pacific 4,000 -.43% 43 43
Tol St Lous & West.. .... .... 20
Tol St L & West pfd... 100- "S3Vi 3314 33
Union ..Pacific- 69,700 99% 97^ OSH
Union Pacific pfd 700 S8T» 88V« ¦ ' SSH
Wabash 2,700 ,22% 21'!, 22%
Wabash J>fd ...:.:.-..... 8,100 40% 39>i 37%
Wheeling & Lake Erie, v 18U
Wheeling &,LE M' pfd 28
NEW YORK, Sept. 10,-There was some un
easiness reflected in the stock market to-day
over the money outlook, but it was resisted
with a degree of success and was offset by
other factors, the most notable and effective
of which was the gratifying news of the con
tinued improvement of President McKinley at
Buffalo. The market was artificial to a de
gree, owing to the continued influence of the
precautionary measures put In force after the
attempted assassination of the President on
Friday. These consisted of free buying on
recessions, with the sole purpose of stemming
the tide of reaction and ot the lendlne of
money freely to keep down the rate. While
vigorous support was offered the market on
any signs ot reaction it was also true that
heavy offerings to realize met any advance In
prices. The consequence was a constantly
varying movement up and down, which gave
the market an excessively irregular appear
ance at all times. The closing was heavy and
the extreme advances were much curtailed and
H^n-f 01 " 6 .^ 8 * 8 entireI >' out. Opinions
differ widely as to the effects which would
follow from the proposals of Secretary Gage
for releasing Government funds to the money
mar £. et l. U ls tne °P inlon that banking circles
would be able to command a sufficient block
or Government bonds to offer to the Secretary
on terms which he can accept to protect the
money market from any real crisis. But It
is to be remembered that the offer -for re
ception of Government bonds at a price fixed
near to the market value which has been
standing since last April has been responded
to for some time past with only a dribble
of small offerings of insignificance on the
money market. The other. part of the Secre
tary s offer, to Increase Government deposits
up to the par value of the Government bonds
lert with the treasury as security, tends to
Increase the disposition to hold the bonds and
thus diminish the offerings. The increase of
Government deposits with the' banks can only
be made out ot future receipts on account of
Internal revenue, which run rather less than
a million dollars a day altogether. While a
possible offset is thus provided against anv
stringency of money that would affect the
commercial transactions of the country there
is some skepticism in the strike market
whether the measure will insure borrowers on
call who hold stocks for speculation against
the calling of loans and forcing of liquidation
to pay the loans. There was a hardening ten
dency of sterling exchange to-day also with
the rather easier rates for money here and
the prospects of additional supplies, which
carried the intimation that it must be a sub
stantial need for money which will bring gold
from abroad. Payments on account of gold
deposited at San Krancisco and Seattle to the
amount of $788,835 were made at the sub
treasury to-day.* while $150,000 was deposited
for transfer to New Orleans. An early rumor
of an extra dividend on St. Paul this week
and a later one of a settlement of the steel
strike were used with effect to support the
market, ths stocks most immediately affected
leading the advance on each occasion. The
Pacifies, Amalgamated Copper and a number
of the Junior Vanderbllts and minor railroad
stocks were also advanced sharply.
Railroad bonds were only moderately active
and firm. Total sales, par value, $1,640,000. '
United States bonds and the new 4s cdvanced
\i a point each on the last call.
New York Stock Market.
Boston, 72-50; Cincinnati, S6-72; Jacksonville,
16-72; Kansas City. 72-64: Philadelphia. 76-66:
Washington. 76-54; New York. 74-60. ; :>--
The following maximum .temperatures were
reported from stations In California to-day:
Eureka. 66; Mount Tamalpais. 74; Inde
pendence, Hi Red Bluff, »2; Fresno, 92; Los
Angeles, "6; Sacramento, 90; San Luis Oblspo,
f2: Smi Dleeo, 70.
Ean Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
£2: minimum. £2; mean, -57.
The following maximum and minimum tem
peratures were reported from Eastern cities:
EAN FRANCISCO. Sept. 10, 6 p. m.
fl20th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
Weather Report.
LOS ANGELES SUMMARY.— Cool days and
foggy nlshts were favorable for all products,
•¦specially beans. Reports are good concerning
citrue fruits : early dropping has stopped. Ber
ries and vegetables are in. good condition and
Plentiful.
EL'KEKA' SUMMARY.— Weather conditions
•cere generally favorable for the growth of
vegetables and fruit. Rain would greatly Im
prove pasturage. Apples continue very prom
ising. Thrashing is progressing rapidly.
The weather has been considerably cooler
than during the preceding week and some
what unfavorable for raisin grapes and fruit
• rying. Foe* have been frequent along the
copst. Grape picking Is progressing in the
foothill districts of San Diego County. All
varieties of melons are at their prime and
rery plentiful. Walnuts in Orange County
fhew considerable damage from blight. Ir
rigation water is becoming more plentiful.
Tbe tomato crop will be large. Barley has
yielded a heavy crop, but mostly of poor nual
lty. Wheat was a light crop, but the quality
pood. '.v.- -
SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA
The weather has continued clear and pleas
ant, with cool night*. Good progress has been
made In fruit picking and drying. Grape pick
ing is progressing rapidly: the yield is esti
mated considerably below the average, but the
prapes are of superior quality. The principal
ehlpments are the Tokay and the Black Prince;
some early wine grapes are going to the
wineries. Late deciduous fruits are ripening
elowly, owing to the cool nights. Grain thrash
ing continues and large quantities of wheat
end barley are being stored in the warehouses.
A eocd crop of sweet potatoes is being
gathered. Alfalfa Is looking well. Irrigation
¦water Is plentiful. Plowing and seeding have
commenced in some places.
SAN JOAQUIN VALLEY,
The weather has been quite favorable for
late crops and fruit drying, except in some
places along the coast, where fogs have pre
vailed. The correEpondent at Healdsburg re
ports & heavy frost on the 3th, with minimum
temperature of 20 degrees; no serious damage
resulted. Apples in Sonoma arjd Humboldt
counties will yield a large crop, excellent in
Quality. Late peaches are abundant and of
good quality. Grapes and citrus fruits are
thrifty. Hop picking continues. Sugar beets
and beans are doing well. Corn and vegetables
are in good condition. Hay baling and grain
thrashing are ]>rcgresElns as rapidly an pos
sible, but shipments are very light, owing to
continuance of labor troubles.
COAST AND BAY SECTIONS.
Nearly normal temperature has prevailed
during the week, and conditions have been
favorable for late deciduous fruits, grapes and
fruit drying. Grape picking is progressing;
most reports show that a light crop is prob
able, but the grapes are of excellent quality.
Ealway peaches are yielding nearly a full crop
in Solano County, and large shipments are
being made. Olives are of good size, but the
yield is below averagre. Orange prospects con
tinue good. Grain and hay harvest are prac
tically completed. The. greater part of the
grain crop is piled up, uncovered, awaiting
shipment, but Is moving very slowly on ac
count of labor troubles. '.¦ .» .
SACRAMENTO VALLEY
Late deciduous fruits are ripening slowly,
owing to cool nights. Sal way peaches are re
ported nearly a full crop in some sections.
Grape picking is In progress in nearly all
places; the grapes are of superior quality, but
?he yield will probably be below average.
W aimer weather would be beneficial to raisin
grapes. Citrus fruits are in good condition.
Grain thrashing continues in all sections.
Immense quantities of wheat and barley are
piled up, uncovered, and shipments continue
very light on account of the labor troubles.
The warehouses contain nearly all the grain
they are capable of storing in some sections.
The yield of grain has been very abundant in
all places north of the Tehachapi. but there ie
danger of serious loss through Inability to
properly handle the crop. Good crops of hops,
beans and sugar beets are being harvested.
The weather has been nearly normal
throughout the State during the^ week, with
clear, warm days, cool nights and frequent
logs elcng the coast. Frosts occurred In por
tions of San Josquin and Sonoma counties, in
juring potatoes, beans and vegetables to some
extent.
GENERAL SUMMARY.
The weekly report of A. G. McAdle, section
director of the climate and crop section of
the weather bureau, is as follows:
The J Feather and Crops.
Adams Con 20, Little Chief 12
Alice 40 Ontario 10 50
Breece 1 40 Ophlr 60
Brunswick Con ... 07 j Phoenix ;. ... 03
Qomstock Tunnel.. 06 Potosl • 03
Con Cal & Va 1 70 Savage 04
Deadwood Terra 50 Sierra Nevada IS
Horn Silver 1 75 Small Hopes 40
Iron Silver 60|Standard 3 15
Leadville Con 07 1
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS. ~
Money— West End 96
Call loans 4%5I5 Westnghouse Elec. 73
Time loans 5 @6 Bonds —
Stocks— ' Atchison 4s 102
Atch, T & St Fe.. 76% N E G & Coke 5s.. 56
Do rrefd 96% Mining Shares—
Amer Sugar 132 Adventure 29%
Bell Telephone 164 Bingham 39%
Boston & Albany.256 Amal Copper 114%
Boston Elev 167 Atlantic 39%
Boston & Maine... 192 Cal & Hecla....725(g735
Dominion Coal .. 43% Centennial 28%
Do prefd 115 Franklin 19
U S Steel 44% Humboldt 25
Do prefd S4% Osceola 116
Fitchburg prefd — 144 Parrot 52
Gen Electric 263% Quincy 175
N E Gas & Coke.. 8 Santa Fe Copper.. 7
Old Colony 208 Tamarack 350'
Old Dominion 33% Utah Mining 28%
Union Pacific 98% Winona 3%
Union Land 3 Wolverines 69
There was a fair business on t!w ' morning
session of the Bond Exchange, with an advance
In Oceanic Steamship at $40t?41 and In Gas and
Electric at $42 62%@42 75. The oil stocks were
dull and featureless.
In the afternoon Oceanic was still higher at
$42 and Kilauea declined to $11 75.
The Kern River Oil assessment of 50c was
delinquent on the Exchange yestsrday.
The following -were ex-dividend: Giant Con
solidated, regular monthly, 75c per share.
amounting to $15,000; Paauhau Sugar Planta
tion, regular monthly, 20c per share, amounting
to $20,000; California Wine Association, regu
lar monthly, 60c, per share, amounting to $:s,
023 20. *
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE
TUESDAY. Sept. 10—2 p. m.
' UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bld.Ask. BMAsfc.
4s quar coup.. 113 113% 4s qr c (new).137%13»U
4s quar reg... 112 112% 3s quar coup.-lOSHlW
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Bay C P C 5s. 106 — Oceanic SS 5s. 101 —
Cal-st es 117%— Omnibus C 6s. 132 —
C C Water os. — 108 Fac G Imp 4s. — 100
Ed L & P 6s..l2S%133% Pk & Cl H fs.lCS 112%
Fer & Cl R 6s. — — Pk A O R 6s.U7 —
Geary-et 5s.... — — PowH-at R 6s. — — > .
H C & S 5%s.lO6tf — Sac E G R 5s. 93 —
Do 5s — — S F& SJV 5s.l22 1 /il24
Los Ang R 5s. 118 . — Sierra Cal 6s. — • —
L A Light 6S.101U — S P of A 6s
Do gntd 6s. .100 — (1909) 112*4 —
Do gntd 5s. .102 — il910) 113% —
L A & Pac 5s.lO2% — S P of C 6s
Do 1 c m 5s. — — (1909). S«r A. — —
Mkt-st Cab 6s. — 129 (1905). Sor B.110%111
Do 1 c m 5s. — 123 U9G6) 112*4113
Nev C N G 78.105 114 U912> 123 122^i
N R of Cal 6s. 112 — S P of Cal 1st
Do 5s 121%— c gntd 5a.. ..107 —
Nor Pac C 6s. 101% — SPBr Cal 6s.l36 —
Do 5s — — S V Water 6s. mum
Nor- Cal R 5s. Ill — Do 4s 102%103'i
Oak Gas 5s....H3%114 Do 4s 3d m..l01 101%
Do Trans 6s. 120 12] Stktn Gas 6s.. 104 —
Do Water 5s.lO2'4 r-
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa.. 77% 79 1 Port Costa W 65
Marln County. 53 60 [Spring Valley. 87% S7*i
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent L & P... 4 a Pac Light — 47
Equitable — 4 Sacramento ... —
Mutual 4Vi 5Vi 3 F G & E... 49% 41%
Oakland 51% — San Francisco. 4V <u
Pac Gas Imp. 40 41 Stktn G & E. 3 —
INSURANCE.
Firem's Fund. — 247 I
BANKS. '
Anglo-Cal .... — — L P & A — —
California .... — 4C6 Mer Ex (liq).. 16 —
Cal Safe Dep.108 — S F National.. 127 U123
First Natl 305 312
SAVINGS BANKS.
German 1900 — Sav & Loan... — —
Humboldt — — Security 273 —
Mutual Sav... 52 — Union Trust. .1600 —
San Frandsco.520 —
STREET RAILROADS.
California ....130 — O S !• & H.... 40 —
Geary — 50 Presidio.. — 40
Market 76%—.
POWDER.
Giant 74% 75% IVlgorit 3% 4
SUGAR.
Hana 6 r- Kilauea — —
Hawaiian — 50 Makawelt 24U 27
Honokaa. 12% 13% Otiomea 23% 24
Hutchlnson ... 15 15% Paauhau 12% W.i
•:,:'• MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska Pack.. .134% — Oceanic S Co.. 42 43
Cal Fruit Can. — 9« jPac Aux F A. 2 —
CaJ Wine Asn. — 97% Pac C Borax. — —
Mer Ex 110 — i Par Paint 18 —
Morning Session.
Board—
30 Kilauea S P Co ':.. « 25
10 Market Street Railway... 78 S7U.
$1000 N P C R R os 105 75 -
6 Oceanic S S Co 41 00
5 Oceanic S S Co 40 ort
25 S F Gas & Electric Co « yti
75 S F Gas & Electric Co 42 75
3 Spring Valley "Water , 87 ©«'
£0 Spring Valley Water •. 3750
$3000 Spring Valley 4s (2d mtge) 103 00
Street—
$25,000 Oakland Gas bonds 113 75
20 Presidio R R A 35 50
$1000 S F & S J V bonds 122 75
$1000 S P. of Arizona (1910) 113 37^
Afternoon Session.
Board—
20 Alaska Packers' Association 135 00
100 Kilauea S P Co, s 90 1175
10 Oceanic S S Co 4; CO
25 Onomea S Co ; " *4 00
J1P00 Oakland Transit Co, 6s .......... "120 25
60 Paauhau S P Co 13 OO
.-J! S F Ga! ' & Electric Co. a 90 41 0O
$oOO S P of C 6s. (1905. Series A) 109 75
$5000 S P of Arizona (1910) 11325
2 Spring Valley Water g; a
IS Spring. Valley Water S7 50
Street —
50 Kilauea. s 90 \-> nn
**<» s v 6s ::;.::;:::::: .:.:::::m«%
Wheat— United States and Canada east of
the Rockies. Increase, 2,894,000 bushels; afloat
for and ¦ in Europe, decrease, 300,000; total sup
ply, increase. 2,594,000 bushels. Corn— United
States and Canada east of the Rockies, in
crease. 998.000 bushels. Oats— United States
and Canada east of the Rockies, increase,
1,047,000 bushels.
NEW YORK, Sept. 10.— Cable and telegraphic
communications to: Bradstreefs show the fol
lowing changes in available supplies from the
last account: - ¦ •
Available Grain Supply.
COTTOLENE— One half-barrel, 9%c; three
half-barrels. 9%c; one tierce, 9%c; two tierces,
9c; five tierces, 8%c per lb.
LARD— Tierce3 quoted at 7%@8c per lb for
compound and ll%c for pure: half-barrels, pure,
ll%c; 10-lb tins, 12c; 5-lb tins, 12%c.
CURED MEATS— Bacon. 12c per lb for
heavy, 12%c for light medium, 13%c for light,
ll%c for extra light and 16c for sugar-cured;
Eastern sugar-cured Hams. 14@14%c; California
Hams, 13%c: Mess Beef. $11 per barrel; extra
Mess, $12; Family. $12 50; prime Mess Pork.
$15; extra clear, $23; Mesa, $19; Smoked Beef,
14c per pound.
Some dealers are quoting another advance of
%c in Lard. The market for all cured Meats
continues very steady with a satisfactory de
mand. ¦ -
Provisions.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— ¦ . Sept. Dec.
Opening 5 6% 5 8%
Closing 5 6% 5 8
PARIS.
Wheat—- ' Sept.' Jan.-Apr.
Opening 2150 22 83
Closing-- ; 2140- - 22 80-
Flour —
Opening 27 55 - 29 00
Closing 27 45 28 95
Partly cloudy weather prevails over the west
ern portions of Oregon and Washington and the
extreme northwestern portion of California, also
in Northern Arizona; elsewhere on the Pacific
Slope the weather Is clear.
The pressure has fallen slowly over Western
Washington and Northwestern Oregon and risen
In other portions of the Pacific Slope.
The temperature changes have been slight in
all districts west of the Rocky Mountains.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight. September 11, 1901:
Northern California— Fair Wednesday; fresh
west wind.
Southern California— Fair Wednesday; light
west wind. ._ ¦
Nevada— Fair Wednesday; light southwest
wind.
San Francisco and vicinity— Fair Wednesday;
fresh west wind. G. H. WILLSON,
Local Foecast Official,
Temporarily in charge.
FORECAST,
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
Flour, qr sks 25,974. Hops, bales 18
Wheat, ctls 4,690|Llme. bbls 273
Barley, ctls 18,680 Sugar, ctls 2,569
Oats, ctls .'. 4,570 Tallow, ctls 25a
Corn, ctls 620 Pelts, bdls 410
Beans, ska 4.166 Hides. No 873
Rye. ctls 360 Wine, gals .15,000
Potatoes, sks .... 5,592 Leather, rolls .... 99
Onions, sks 2.241 Chicory, bbls .... 23
Bran, sks 994 Wool, bales 80
Middlings, sks 832 Quicksilver, flsks. 23
Hay, tons 1.243 Powder, car» .... 2
OREGON.
Flour, qr sks 11,1861 Wool, bale* 34
Oats, sks 4701
WASHINGTON.
Flour, qr sks 2,520. Hay, tons ........ S3
Oats, sks l,8S0.Wool. bales 9S
Receipts of Produce.
FOR SEVENTY-TWO HOURS.
"Currants are very easy, both for spot and
futures. Stocks here are being reduced very
gradually, the trade buying only when actual
necessity compels."
"New layer Valencia raisins, to arrive next
week, are celling fairly well at Sc; arrivals
ten days later are offered at %c less. Spot
stocks of old Sultanas are becoming well re
duced, quotations being lie, 12c and 13c for
two, three and four-crown, respectively. About
1200 boxes new Sultanae are offered to arrive
at prices ranging from 10%c for one-crown t^
14 I sc for five-crown. New Malagas, due_ the
early part of October, are offered as follows:
Bunch Dehesas. 22-Ib boxes, three-crown, $2 75;
four-crown, fZ 30; five-crown, $3 75; six-crown,
$4 50; loose Muscatels, three-crown to flve
crown, $2 25@3 per 22-tb box.
Man report* from New York say: "All hopes
of doing any further early business In new
crop California raisins in this or any other
market are unquestionably effectually knocked
out by President Kearney's threat that the
directorate of the Raisin Growers' Association
will mash the market In California to 2c in
the sweatbox. Whether Mr. Kearney or the
directors of the combine would be able to
carry out the threat 1b by no means certain,
but nevertheless the whole raisin situation at
present is about as bad as it well could be,
and In the face of existing circumstances no
buyer is likely to buy a pound of new raisins.
The spot market shows little or no change,
stocks here being still light and prices well
maintained in consequence.
Dried Fruits in New York.
Seattle 29.98 68 46 W Clear .00
Spokane 29.96 64 48 N Clear .02
Neah Bay 29.96 56 46 W Pt.Cldy .00
Walla Walla 29.96 72 52 S Clear .00
Winnemucca 29.82 74 44 NW Clear .00
Yuma 29.66 100 64 S Clear .00
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was steady; creameries, 14tfi)19V.c;
dairy, 13@17%c. Cheese steady, 9%@10%u.
Eggs steady; fresh, 14%<§>15c.
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
Wheat, barrels ......... 26,000 13,000
Wheat, bushels ......;.. 340,000 : 145,000
Corn, bushels 365.090 210 000
Oats, bushels 312,000 87,00}
Rye. bushels ;.......... 11,000 .....
Barley, . bushels ...182,000 • 2G.00O
The only change is. a slight easing off .in
Apricota; the demand for which. Is less active.
All other fruits remain as before, with a good
demand. There i3 nothing new In Nuts and
Raisins. • ¦
FRUITS— Apricots. 7%@9Vic for Royals and
S@12<<;c for standard to fancy Moorparks;
Evaporated Apples, 7H@'8%c; sun dried, 4@4%c:
Peaches, 6@Sc; Pears, 6@9c; Plums, pitted, 4®
5%c; unpitted, -l@2c: Nectarines, 6®6%c for
red and 6@6%c for white; Figs. 3Vic for black.
PRUNES— Old crop are quoted by the Asso
ciation on the basis of 3Vic for the four sizes.
New crop are quoted on the basis of 3U@3%c
for the four sizes.
RAISINS — Are cleaned up and nominal.
NUTS— Walnuts, No. 1 softshell, 12@12%c:
No. 2, S@S%c; No. 1 hardshell. 10@10%c: No. 2,
6%!§7%c; Almonds, 13i@14c for pape-rshell, 10®
lie- for softshell and 5@6c for hardshell; Pea
nuts, 5@7c for Eastern; Brazil Nuts, 12@12%c;
Filberts, 12(5 12%c: Pecans, ll'glSc: Cocoanut3,
$35O©5. -
HONEY-Comb, 12@l2%c for bright and 10®
12c for light amber; water white extracted, 5%
@6c; light amber extracted. 4%i@5c; dark, 4@
4V«c . • -
BEESWAX— 23@28c per 1b.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices In sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, $3 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, $2 75; Rye
Meal, $2 50; Rice Flour, $7; Corn Meal, $3 25;
extra cream do. $4; Oat Groats, $5; Hominy, $4
(8-4 25; Buckwheat Flour. $4@4 25; Cracked
Wheat, $3 50; Farina, $4 50; Whole Wheat Flour,
$3 25; Roiled Oats (barrels), $6 85<g 8 35; In
sacks, $6 50@S; Pearl Barley, $5; Split Peas, $5;
Green Peas, 56 50 per 100 lbs. . '
FLOUR— California Family Extras, $3 25®
3 50, usual terms; Bakers' Extras, $3 15@3 25;
Oregon, $2 50(^2 75 per . barrel for family and
$2 75@3 for bakers': Washington bakers', $2 75
<g3. • : . ' -
Flour and Mill stuffs.
Small round Yellow, $1 75; Eastern Yellow,
$1 65; White. $1 75@1 80 per ctl; mixed, $1 65.
RYE— Quiet at 75^8Oc per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— Nominal; none in first hands.
CORN— The Chicago market fell back some
what and the cash demand was disappointing.
The San Francisco market was dull and un
changed. _ - •
The receipts since Saturday amount to 14,250
ctls. The market continues dull and quota
tions show little change.
Grays, $1 15@1 22%; whites. $1 15@1 30: black.
97%c@$l 05. and red. $1 05@l 17% per ctl.
OATS — The Government is again in the mar
ket and will soon invite bids here and at Seat
tle for 4000 tons.
Afternoon Session — No sales.
Informal Session — 9:15 o'clock — No sales.
Second Session— No sales. " '
Regular Morning Session — No sales.
CALL ; BOARD SALES
Feed. 73%@75c for choice bright, 72%c for No.
1 and 70c for oft grades; Brewing and Shipping
grades, 77%@Sjc: Chevalier. 95c@$l 05 per ctl.
BARLEY— The local , market remains pre
cisely as before, being listless with light of
ferings and an equally light demand.
CALL BOARD SALES
Informal Session— 9:13 o'clock— May, 10,000
ctls, $1 04.
Second Session — No sales.
¦ Regular Morning Session— December — 1000
ctls. $1 00%.
Afternoon Session— December— 4000 ctls,
$1 00%.
The American visible supply Increased 650,
000 bushels. The Chicago market v/as dull and
featureless. Receipts in the Northwest were
heavy.
This market continued slack and without
feature. - ,-..•'
Spot Wheat— Shipping, 96%c; milling,' $1®
1 02% per ctl.
AVHEAT— Liverpool was firm and Paris weak.
The world's visible supply : was reported as
follov/s: East of the Rockies, an increase of
-\S94,00o bushels; Eurooe and afloat, a de
crease of 300,000 bushels; net increase; 2,594,000
bushels. The world's shipments for the week
were as follows, in quarters: Russian, 158,000;
Danubian, 44,000; Argentine. 18,000; Indian. 39,
000; Australian, 14,0u0. The Hnal estimate of
the Austro-Hungarian croo shows a decline
in the yield from last year. .
WHEAT , FREIGHTS— Spot freights are
easy at about 37s 6d@38s 9d, usual options.
The chartered wheat fleet In port has a regis
tered tonnage of 97,300, against 45,333 tons on
the same date last year; disengaged. 15,170
tons, against 4450; on the way to this pott,
185,700 tons, against 158,800. .
Wheat and Other Grains.
Flour, steady: No. 2 spring wheat. 67U@
68%c; No. 2 red. 70%c; No. 2 Oats. 34%«!>34%c;
No. 2 white, 36%<g>37c; No. 3 white, 36@36%c;
No. 2 rye, 55@55%c; fair to choice malting
barley, ;53@60c; No. 1 flax seed, $144; No. 1
Northwestern, $1 46; prime timothy seed. $5:
mess pork, per bbl, $14 80@14 85; lard, per 100
lbs, $9 45@9 47%: short ribs sides (loose). $S 50®
8 70; dry salted shoulders (boxed), 7%@7%c;
short clear sides (boxed), $9 25@9 30.
Cash quotations were as follows
8c perlb; White Lead. 7 1 ,iS8c. according to
quantity.
SALT— H. R. H.. $23 23 per ton In larg» «acks
and $24 in 30" s. Liverpool. $19 23^20 for tha
best and $16@1S 50 for lower grades; Hlggins'.
$27 50^30 per ton.
QUICKSILVER— $4S 50<f 47 50 per flask for lo
cal use and ?40@45 for export.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, per 1b, ln'100-lb bags:
Cubes. Crushed and. Fine Crushed. 5.20c:
Powdered, 5.05c; Candy Granulated. 5.05c; Dry
Granulated, 4.95c; Confectioners* A, 4.95c: Fruit
Granulated 4.95c: Beet Granulated. 4.85c: Mag
nolia A, 4.53c; Extra C. 4.45c; Golden C. 4.33c:
barrels, 10c more; half-barrels. 25c more; boxes.
E0t_more; 50-lb bags, 10c more. No orders takrn
for less than. 75 barrel* or Us equivalent. Domt
nos. half-barrels, 5.45c; boxes. 5.70c per 1b.
LUMBER— Retail prices are as follows: Pina.
ordinary sizes, $18319; extra sizes, higher: Red
wood, $1S@1S>; Lath. 4 feet. $3 90O4: Pickst«. $20;
Shingles, $2 for common and $2 75 for fancy;
Shakes, $13 for split and $14 for sawn; Rustic,
$23® 29.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — $4 84
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 86%
Sterling Cables — . 4 87%
New York Exchange, sight — 10
New. York Exchange, telegraphic — 12%
Silver," per ounce .....:.. - 6S 1 ,*
Mexican Dollars, nominal 47 @ 47%
Exchange and Bullion.
Sterling Exchange weak.
Wheat and Wheat Freights dull.
Barley, Corn and Rye very quiet.
Government after Oats again. . "¦"'
Hay and Fecdstuffs unchanged.
Beans continue to shade off gradually.
Potatoes and Onions easier.
Butter weak. Cheese and Eggs firm.
Poultry coming in more freely from the East. \
Fresh Fruit market quiet and featureless.
Dried Apricots slightly lower.
Lard advanced again. Other Provisions unchanged.
Wool, Hides and Hops as previously quoted.
Not much cJwnge in the Meat market.
Oil quotations as before.
Light trading on the stock exchanges.
New York stock market in better shape.
Articles— .,¦ Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat, No. 2—
September 68% 68% 68% 68%
December. ......... 70% 70% 70% 70%
May .. 74ft'. '"74%"' '74 , 74%
Corn, No. 2^- .
September ...."..... 55% 55% 55 55%
December 57% .57% 57 57%
May 59% 59% 59 _ 59%
. Oats, No 2— . -
September 33% 33% 33*4 33%
December 35% - 35% 34% 35 :
May .>...: 37% 37% o7% 37%
Mess Pork, per bbl —
September ....... .... .... 14 70
October 14 82% 14 82% 14 75 14 80
January 15 90 15 90 15 75 15 SO
Lard, per 100 lbs— ¦ ¦ ¦ : ...
September 9 42% 9 45 9 42% 9*42%
October .. 9 40 9 45 9 35 9 42%
January 9 22% 9 22% 9 12% 9 17fc
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs— •
September 8 70 8 70 8 55 8 65
October .'. 8 70 8 70 8 60 - 8 67%
January 8 20 - 8 20 L 8 12% 8 15
MINING STOCKS,
U S ref 2s, reg 107% | Hocking Val 4%s..l06
Do coupon 1C814 L & N unified 4S...101V4
Do 3s, reg lCs% Mex Cent 4s 85
Do coupon 1C8% Do 1st inc 33%
Do new 4s, reg. 137% Minn & S Louis 4S.103
Do counon 137U M, K & T 4s 98%
Do old 4s, reg.. 112 Do 2ds 81%
Do coupon .113 N T Cent lsts 104%
Do 5s, reg 107% Do gen 3%s 109%
Do coupon 107%'N J Cent gen 5S....133
Atch gen 4s ..103% I Nor Pacific 4s 104%
* Do ad j 4s 86 Do 3s 72
Bal & Ohio 4s 103%!Nor & W con 4s. ...102%
Do 3%s 95% Read Gen 4s 95%
Do conv 4s 105% S L & I M con 5s. 115
Can So 2ds 107 S 1. & S F 4s 95-
Cent of Georgia 5s. 106% St Louis So lsts 97%
Do lsts (Inc) 81% Do 2ds .........'.. 76%
Ches & Ohio 4%s..lO4% S A & A Pass 4s.. 86
Chi & Alton 3%s.. 84% So Pacific 4s........ 91%
Chi. B & Q new 4s 96% So Ry 5s 118%
C, M & S P gen 4s.llO Tex & Pac lsts 119
Chi & N con 7s. ...140 T, St L & W 4s.... 84
Chi, R & Pac 4s... 106 Union Pacific 4s... 105
C, C. C & S Lgen4slO3 Do conv 4s 106%
Chi Term 4s 94 Wabash lsts 118%
Colo & So 4s S7?s Do 2ds 110-
Den & R G 4s lOlVi Do deb B 62%
Erie prior lien 4s.. 97% West Shore 4s 113%
Erie General 4s.... 88 jW & L Erie 4s.... 91Vi
F W & D C lsts..l03%'WIs Cent 4s 88%
CLOSING BONDS.
Wisconsin Central ..... 900 22 21*i 21%
Wisconsin Central pfd.. 200 43% 43y> 43
Express Companies-
Adams 17=
American •••¦•• ....
United States ' |g
Wells Fargo '."."" "" 160
Miscellaneous— ,""'
Amalgamated Copper .. 62,500 116 114 114V6
Amerlccn Car & Foun.. 1,000 " 29% 29<£ 29*4
Am Car & Foundry pfd 200 '87 85% 86
American Linseed Oil.. 900' 21 ' 20 18
Am Linseed OH pfd 4,600 54 50 49
Am Smelting & Ref.... 10,000 49% 47% ¦ 48ft
Am Smelt & Ref pfd... 40U 100% 99% 100
Anaconda Mining Co... 1 3,700 47 .45% 45%
Brooklyn Rapid Transit 14,800 69% 67% 68%
Colorado Fuel & Iron... 1,100 100 97% 99
Consolidated Gaa .. 2.S00 222 220y. 220%
Continental Tobacco pfd 100 117 , 117 " 117
General Electric 600 264 262 264%
Glucose Suzar 2,300 58 57 E6<4
Hocking Coal , 300 18% 18 18%
International PaDer 2,700 25% 24% 25 1 !
Internatl Paper pfd 2,100 81%. 79% 80%
International Power ... 600 96% 96% 96V4
Laclede Gaa .. ' ,. 90
National Biscuit 100 44 44 43%
Nat'onal Lead .... 20
National Salt 200 41 40*4 40
National Salt pfd 100 76 76 75
North American ........ 700 97% 95% 96%
Pacific Coast • 64 •
Pacific Mail 2.700' 43 . 41% 43%
People's Gas 7,600 112 110 111
Presssd Steel Car 300 42 '. 41% 41
Pressed Steel Car pfd.. 500 82 81% 81%
Pullman Palace Car 208
Republic Steel 2.400 18% 18 18%
Republic Steel pfd 1,200 72 71U 71%
Sugar 4.20O 132% 131 132
Tennessee Coal & Iron. 7,500 65*4 63% 64Vi
Union Bag & Paper Co. ICO 17 17 16%
Union Bag & P Co pfd 500 74% 74 73%
United States Leather.. 4.000 13% 12% .13
U S Leather pfd 2,100 83% 81' ,'¦ 82-
United State-3 Rubber... 100 19U 19% 17%
U S Rubber pfd 100 55% 55% 55%
United States Steel 50,600 45%- 43% 44%
U S Steel pfd 25,300 93% 93% 94%
Western Union 1,000 92% 92 92%
Shares sold 795,100 .
SUMMARY. OF THE MARKETS.
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL
POMEGRANATES— 75@30c per box.
PEARS— Bartletts. $1@1 50 per box for Na 1,
5O@9Oc for No. 2 and $3O@4O* per ton; other
Pears, 25@5Cc per box. .
QUINCES— 40(g63c per box.
STRAWBERRIES— $6@7 per chest for Long
worths and $3@5 for large berries.
BLACKBERRIES— $3@3 per chest.
LOGAN BERRIES, per chest.
RASPBERRIES— $6<S7 per chest.
HUCKLEBERRIES— 7@8c per 1b.
FIGS— Black. 40c@$l for double layer boxes;
White, 35@73c.
MELONS— Nutmegs, 23® 60c per box; Canta
loupes. 25c@$l per crate; Watermelons, $5@2j
per 10a " '
GRAPES— Large open boxes bring about 50
per cent more than small boxes and crates,
which are quoted as follows: Fontainebleau
and Sweetwater 23(g60c per box and crate;
Tokay, 35@65<? per box; Muscat, 40<H65c; Seed
less, 5C@75c: Black. 35@75c; Isabella. 40c(f$l;
Wine Grapes. $25<S28 per ton for Zinfandel.
CITRUS FRUITS— Oranges. 50cif$3; Lemons.
$l(gl 25 for common and $2 50@3 50 for good to
choice; Grape Fruit. $1(52 50; Mexican Limes,
$3@3 50: Bananas. 75ci@$2 per bunch; Pineap
ples, $1 50i33 per dozen.
APPLES^75c@$l 25 per box for good to choice
and 35(SS3c for ordinary.
CRABAPPLES— 60<g75c per box, according to
package.
PLUMS— 25@C0c per box; Prunes, 3S@30c per
crate; Washington Gages, $20 per ton; Egg
Plums. ' $20 per ton. '. . - ' <
PEACHES— 25@60c per box and $15<g^2 50 per
-ton for Frees and $20@40 for Clings; Peaches m
carriers, 50@S3c, according to size of carrier;
Mountain Peaches, 50@75c per box.
NECTARINES— Red. 50@75c per box.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS.
dency toward lower prices, except Wine Grapes,
which - rule firm. There are very few Pome
granates offering. Figs are dull. Quinces
move off slowly. , > '"-'-: ¦ " >
Citrus fruits are ; In ample supply for the
demand and prices show little change.
Four cars of Bananas have arrived since last
report, most of them going to peddlers,, being
In poor condition. _.,_.
an increase last August of 14,334,000 bushels.- .
Corn was rather dull, ¦with prices' tending
to drag. • Considerable liquidation occurred
pending the uncertainty In regard to the Gov
ernment ' report, ! which vwas due this- after
noon. The crowd generally - were ¦ Inclined to
the opinion that* the report would - show an
improvement and were • somewhat anxious to
dispose , of. their holdings. - December closed
%c lower at 57%c. . ; Si •¦-
Oats were dull and featureless, be
ing largely for local account. December closad
unchanged to %c lower * at" 35c. . ¦ " "-
A good demand for both lard and ribs caused
provisions to open firm,- although trading was
quiet. Later there was considerable selling
of January by a local packer and prices weak
ened. January pork closed 5c lower at $15 80;
lard closed 2Vic lower at $9 17% ; "January riba
closed 2%c lower at $8 15.
The leading futures ranged as follows: "
THE SAN EKANCISCO CALL., WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 11, 1901.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, Sept 10:~ WHEAT— Unchanged.
Club, 55c; blue stem, 56c.
PORTLAND, Sept. 10.— WHEAT — Walla
Walla, unchanged, 55c; valley, 56c; blue stem,
56c. .- . i -
OREGON.
Northern Wheat Market.
PORTLAND, Or.. Sept. 10.— Clearings, $512,
467; balances, $47,042. i
Portland's Business.
cargoes on '. passage." auiet : and - steady; No. 1
Standard' California, 28s lOVid; Walla Walla,
28s l<Had ; English | country ¦ markets quieter.
LIVERPOOL. Sept. 10.— Wheat, dull; No.il
Standard California,' 5s llV£d@6s; wheat in
Paris, dull;. Flour in Paris, dull; French coun
try markets. quieter; weather in England,
fair but cloudy. - - :
COTTON-Uplands, 4 ll-16d.
LOCAL MARKETS.
Foreign Futures.
STOCK MARKET.
EASTERN MARKETS.
California Fruit Sales.
8
AUCTION SALES
GRAND AUCTION
£^ OF fe
24 Palo Alto Brood Mares
In foal to Mendocino 2:mj. Azmoor 2:20',!. Al-
tivo 2:1S>4. Mcnbells and Exioneer.
- Included ln this sale are such famous mares
as Aldeana 2:23. Emaline 2:27%, Nordica 2:WH.
Memento 2:25»;. Linnet 2:29 l /4. Miss Naude
2:29^. and other speed-producing dams, by the
most fashionable sires on this 'great farm.
This is without doubt the grmtest opportun-
ity for our California farmers to get grand-
looking, standard trotting mares. In foal to the
greatest young sires ln this State. No reserve.
The mares are at AGRICULTURAL PARK.
Sacramento, where sale will take place next
FRIDAY, Sept, 13, 1901
Commencing at 10 a. m.
WM. G. LATNG,
Live Stock Auctioneer.
Occidental Horse Exchange.
721 Howard st., San Francisco.
Horses at racetrack. Send for catalogue.; H. "Wllber, a teamster in the employ of
McNab & Smith, was taken to the Emer
gency Hospital last evening suffering
from many bruises. He claimed that when
he left the stables he was surrounded by
a crowd and taken to the teamsters'
headquarters at 672 Fourth street, where
he was imprisoned In a back room for
several hours. He was then released and
was accompanied to a dark corner, where
he was badly beaten."
Imprisoned and Beaten.
LONDON, Sept.; 11.— Stimulated by the
attack ¦ upon President McKinley, Conti
nental; governments are '-¦ adopting ' the
greatest precautions to' insure the safety
of 'the, leading sovereigns.: ' Twenty-five
troops of cavalry ¦ will .be ' employed in
France to ' protect the , routes taken by
Emperor Nicholas.' The : French, . Swiss
and Italian governments hive , ordered
their police to exercise the greatest vigi
lance on the frontiers In the expectation
that frightened anarchists will seek ref
uge-in flight. . - . :
.The supposition that anarchism might
form- a subject of conversation • at the
meeting of the'- rulers was probably the
origin of the, unfounded report that;Em
peror. William would call' an international
conference to deal with the evil. '
Great Number of Troops "Will Guard
the Routes Taken by the
" ¦ ' - ;¦ '¦ Czar. ' >".':
EUROPEAN RULERS
:>;;:' BECOMING FEARFUL
• Miss Carroll, whose first appearance ' it
was since her return from the East, made
a' very favorable impression upon her
friendly audience, and Mr. Ferrer, pleased
with his violin solos. The, singer and vio
linist .were capably accompanied by -Miss
Bates and Mr. King. .
(a) "Der Tod und das Madchen" (Schubert)
(by '.'Drink to Me Only With Thine Eyes"
(Dressier), (c) "A Narrative" (Albert Milden
berg). Miss Grace Carroll: violin, ballade
(Moszkowskl), Kichard Jose Ferrer; (a)
"Schwanenlled" (Hartmann), (b) "Lovely
Spring" (Cocnen), (c) "Dlvlnltes du Styx"
(Gluck);. (a) "Im- Wunderbueh" (Alban For
ster). (b) "Rothhaarig 1st Metn Schatzeleln".
(Stelnbach), (c) "Der Asra" (Rubinstein), (d)
"O Say,- Have- You Seen Her?" (Caracciolo) ;
violin, mazourka (Zarzycki). Richard Jose Fer
rer; (a) "Aubade" (Massenet), (b) "At My
Grave" (Franz X. Arens) ; William B.- King
and Miss Ethel: Judson Bates, accompanists.
The following interesting programme
was given .last night at ' Sherman-Clay
Hall by Miss Grace Carroll, contralto;
Richard Jose Ferrer, violinist, with Miss
Ethel Judson Bates and William B. King
as accompanists:- • • '¦„'• 1 ¦
Miss Carroll's Concert a Success.
/Peter Isaac, referred to in the above
dispatch, has not been in this city since
last May/ He left here for Eureka during
that month. ¦ v \ . . '
Richard Haskins, a water tender on the
steamer Ventura, called at police head
quarters yesterday morning and an
nounced that he was the man who shot
George Adams, a striker, in the hip at
Mason and Ellis streets Monday night.
He claims that he was attacked by Adams
and two other strikers and fired the shot
in self defense. He was told that there
was no .charge against him. -
Matthew Price, a striking marine fire
man, met G.W. Taylor and William Nel
son, non-union -teamsters, on Kearny and
Clay streets about C o'clock yesterday
morning. He insisted that they should
become union men and when they refused
he struck at Taylor. Both Taylor and
Nelson attacked him and he was goon on
his back In the street. The three were
arrested by. Policemen Bourdette and
Anderson and taken to the City. Prison.
Kach was charged with disturbing the
peace, and, as Taylor and Nelson carried
revolvers, an additional charge of carry
ing concealed weapons was booked against
each. ' The cases were called in Judge
Fritz's court yesterday and those against
Taylor and Nelson were dismissed. Price
was convicted and ordered to appear for
sentence to-day. • • ...
Non-Union Men Dismissed.
; • . PALACE
M J Heney, Seattle
J H White & w, N Y
M Clarken, Cal
C B Dewees, Sacto
A L Leovinsky, Stockn
H L Roberts. Stanford
T T Williams, Sn Raf
R B Mitchell, Berkely
P M Baumgardner, III
F B Ellsworth, Chicag
H L Harris, L03 Ang-
Mrs T A Noble, Pa '
W. G Kerchhoff. L Ang
H W Keller, Los Any
D Willcox. New York
A Koch. St Louis
S Christy, Phoenix
W H Roberta, Nome
R V Ellis, Hanford /
Mr & Mrs Chambers,
Los Ansreles-:" ; •• -y
J E Hurley & w. L An
T J Barkley, Los Ang
F La Flesche, DC
J T Torrance, Pasaden
E Everhardt, Oakland
R H Herron, -Los Ang
J T Murphy, Castrovil
Miss Bland, Shanghai
T Hughes, Sydney
Col F H Seymour & f,
HOTEL. v
San Rafael *
W H Read, Sydney
R C Kirkwood, S Jose
Dr W Younff. N Zeald
W Huttig, Iowa
F E Johnston, Napa
H G McKinley, Portld
Mrs F B Porter, N Y
Miss Porter, NY
F BPorterJ NY
S Cook, U S N
J F Schorr & w HI -•
R Nichols & w, AUS "
R A Trimble. -N Y '"
E M Smith Jr. Kobe '¦
AW Marshall, Eriglnd
A H Marshall, Englnd
J Studholme, N Zeald
M183 E Wenk, Guat
Mrs 1 Hahn, Guat'
A Llemleux & f, Aus^
D Rivers,' New York I
O C Berryman.'U S N
P H Idol, Uklah ' '
T M Towl. N Y
Mrs P G Gow, Sta Crz
F B Glenn. Jaclnto 8 •
Mrs r'F -B ¦ Glenn & d.-
Jacinto . ' .
Miss ES Bennett, Cal
GRAND HOTEL.
J L.' Swank & w, Cal I
J Hayden. Ban Rafael
A O Warner, Fresno
C L Stllson, Chlco . •
Eleanor Stilson, Brkley
G C Lynch, NY.
H B Reed, Chlco 1 . ,
F Foster, Hanford •
S Jackson, Hanford '
T Jesson, Australia .
H Jesson, Australia
B F Thorpe & • w, Cal
A'M Brown, Los Ang -..
A Robinson & w, S Jos
J H'Davls, PIttsburg:
J. W Preston, Tenn ; "'
J Rummelsburr, Cal .
J Bull & w," Sacto .
N A Rath & w, Cal
A CHihn & w, S Cruz
LW Sanborn & w.X'al
E Lathrop, Tulare I
A A Ross, N Zealand
F Radclirr &~w. Conn
Miss Xj Palmer, S Jose
R Luscombe, It Gatoa
A B Huref t, Napa .
J H Corley, Modesto
K W Dunn, San Jose •
J B Holohan, Watsnvll
B; P. Barker, Livermor
G S Beadle/ Oakland
O N McRae, Alameda
Mrs E V Darling,- Npa
WO; Parker, N T 5
W. R.Cllse. Seattle '
Nellie M, Petray. Cal '
Miss E Jenkins, NY '
R Tuttle* N Y. ... . . .
P .' Curtz, Loope ¦ ' ¦'. '-
N Young &. w, S Lake
T F Woodslde. ! Cal
E R Reed, Bakersfield
W H Lucas,. Vancouver
J Hangwitz, ' Pa ¦ • .
H F Chandler, Chgo
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
H H Olcott. Rochester
L. M Eddington, Mich
A J'McOew, Detroit . -
O Faber,' Detroit
C D Gullen. Tacoma
J Nelson, Sacto
J • Morris, ; Newark
E H Cadogan, La Ang
F : R Flynn, Portland
M- Anderson. Big: Pine
.W. Devere, Vallejo .
P J. Murtha, Sacto ,< ¦'-
H McFarland, . Sacto
P: Kennedy, N Y •,¦:
A H Bernsch. St Louis
C B Fress, Oakland
R Robin, Oakland ¦'¦' '
W Delevan, • Arizona .- -
A' H , Rehmeyer. Denvr
Li Braumarth, St Loui*
B Harris, Chicago ¦
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
Frcm the charter It appears that the Board
of Supervisors shall grant by ordinance general
authority to the Board of Public Works to
issue permits for work upon the streets of the
city, as the board has done. But as the Board
of Public. Works is the only medium through
which the Supervisors- may act, and as its
power is specifically limited by the charter in
the matter of permanent encroachments, there
is no power in the city to grant such a privi
lege. ¦ • . . : ¦•- . • L
Mayor Phelan yesterday placed his seal
of disapproval on the granting of special
privileges by vetoing the resolution 1 to
extend part of the store front of the prem
ises at 101 Post street over the sidewalk.
In a long communication his Honor states
his reasons for his action, but is silent
regarding the numerous -special privileges
which have been* granted by the board
with his 'approval. The ; communication
says In part:
Sidewalks.
Extension of Buildings on to
Says There Is ; No Law Permitting
MAYOR PHELAN VETOES
A SPECIAL PRIVILEGE
Mrs. Kilbourne, daughter of the late
Captain Coolidge, who was for many
years secretary of the Merchants'' Ex
change, has donated' to the 'Chamber of
Commerce a valuable collection of ship
ping: records which he accumulated dur
ing the years 1848-1858. •> The gift was re
ceived with the greatest satisfaction by
the directors, who state that it will prove
most useful for purposes of reference.
Nine 'new members were admitted to the
chamber yesterday. *
The Chamber of Commerce held its reg
ular monthly meeting yesterday. '.It was
unanimously ' resolved that a message he
sent to President McKinley, congratulat
ing him upon his escape and extending to"
him the well wishes of the commercial
men of this city. . . . .,.. ; .
CHAMBER OF COMMERCE MEETS.
At the meeting of the Merchants' Asso
ciation held last evening in J Golden Gate
Hall the following resolution was adopted
by a rising vote, three cheers for Presi
dent McKinley being given by the . 600
representative business men who attend
ed the gathering: "
Whereas The cruel hand of an unprincipled
anarchist has stricken the Chief Magistrate of
the nation and has .brought the noble Ufa of
President McKinley within the shadow of
death; therefore, be it -I
Resolved, By the members of the Merchants'
Association, in '..special | meeting, assembled,
that - we - hereby j express the deepest Indigna
tion at this I atrocious crime.
Resolved, ¦> That all attempts upon | the life
of the President of the United States should
be lawfully: held' as. treason to the republic,'
punishable by the Just penalty of death. .
Resolved; That we tender our heartfelt sym
pathy to the President and his devoted wife
and fervently pray- for hia speedy
On behalf of the "board of directors.
' San Francisco, September 10, 1901.
MERCHANTS EXPRESS
THEIR INDIGNATION
John A. Dlx Post, Grand Army of the Re
public, 'in behalf of all the veterans of Santa
Clara County, and - with the whole, civilized
world, join In deploring the Inexpressibly hor
rible outrage on our noble President and be
loved comrade, William McKinley, and. -we
give to him and his dear wife and his kindred
our most heartfelt condolence and sympathy.
We . condemn and denounce the brutal, in
famous and cowardly anarchist . tenets and
spirit that lead in a free country to such out
rages against our laws, our .civilization and
our Christianity, and we demand their prompt
and • complete suppression by our proper au
thorities and the enforcement of law and order
throughout this land.
SAN JOSE, Sept. 10.— John A. Dix Post
No. 42, Grand Army of the Republic, of
this city has issued, the following declara
tion in regard to the attempt on President
McKinley'a life and has ordered that a
copy be forwarded to the President: , • • .
Led to the Attack on the
President.
Condemns the Cowardly Spirit That
JOHN A. DIX POST
EXPRESSES SYMPATHY
PITTSBURG, Sept. 10.— The police
searched the effects of Harry Gordon and
Carl Nold to-day and found some papers
relating to Emma Goldman. Gordon is a
clothier who always entertained the Gold
man woman on her trips to PIttsburg,
and Nold was an accomplice of Alexander
Berkmann. The latter is now serving a
twenty-two-year sentence in the peniten
tiary in Allegheny for shooting H. C
Frick during the Homestead strike In 1S92.
Nold himself received a sentence of flve
years for complicity in the crime. ' .
Among Nold s papers was found a let
ter from Berkmann. It was written on a
scrap of paper, partly In German, Eng
lish and cipher code. It has not yet been
deciphered.-- It was evidently slipped out
of tne prison unknown to the warden."
Gordon was. evidently Goldman's "mana
ger," for in his desk were found a lot of
letters, some • showing • that dates for lec
tures by Goldman had been arranged, and
others asking him to make arrange
ments for lectures. Both men had
lists of the names of men, supposed to be
brother anarchists.- The names and ad
dresses have been forwarded to the police
of different cities, San Francisco and Chi
cago among others. The police have made
only ¦ one . name public, that of "Peter
Isaac, 310;Fell street, San Francisco."; ;.
Suspects.'
Is Found in Booms of
Matter Relating to Emma Goldman
PITTSBURG POLICE
DISCOVER PAPERS
ANGELS CAMP, Sept. 10.— Henry
Heinesman, a blacksmith, aged 39, com
mitted suicide to-day by taking poison.
While dying he gave as the reason for
the act that he was a sufferer from con
sumption and could not live long. He was
once* the champion single oar sculler of
the Pacific Coast. His relatives live in
Stockton and San Francisco.'
Noted Oarsman a Suicide.
John Otterson, a boy who was with
Huffernan at the time and who was also
attacked by the three strikers but escaped
without injury, saw Smith enter the
headquarters of the Piledrivers' Union
yesterday and he immediately notified W.
H. Healy, his employer. Healy communi
cat3d with police headquarters and.Cap
tain Seymour detailed McMahon and Rey
nolds on the case. They waited with
Otterson till the meeting disDersed- and
when Smith left the building r he was
pointed out by Otterson and placed under
arrest. Otterson says he will be able to
identify the other two men. Smith denies
that he was implicated in the crime.
Alvin Smith, a striking engineer, was
arrested yesterday afternoon as. he -was
leaving a meeting of the Piledrivers'
Union at Sacramento and East streets by
Detectives McMahon and : Reynolds and
booked at the City' Prison on a . charge
of assault- to murder. He Is accused of
being one of the three strikers who struck
Fred Huffernan, a non-union engineer
employed by Healy, Tibbits & Co., con
tractors, as he was entering his home
Saturday evening at Green and Larkin
streets.. The blow was delivered with an
iron pipe, fracturing Huffernan's skull,
and he is in a precarious condition.
Near the Intersection "of Market . street
and Grant avenue was a newly watered
piece of -roadway. Here, by driving across
the street ahead of the team, the man in
the buggy -^brought the -dray to a stand
still. A crowd quickly gathered and -in
spite of the efforts of the special officer
in charge of the truck Market street was
foon blocked and for a considerable space
A stalled dray, a crowd of strikers -and
the half hearted tactics of the police
ca used a blockade- of Market street yes
tercay morning which lasted nearly half
an hour. A team hitched to a truck be
longing to the Morton Draylng Company
¦was passing down Market street about 11
o'clock. An Individual in a buggy called
"wtoa" to the truck horses. They obeyea
the order. The driver started them again
and they were once more stopped, this
time by a chorus of "whoas." the man
in the buggy having been reinforced by a
crowd of strikers from .the sidewalks.
Every attempt 'on the part of the truck
driver to make headway was frustrateu
by the man in the buggy, who crossed and
recrossed in front of the team and varied
hie solo of "whoas" by a series of personal
remarks.
Morton Dray.
City Traffic Is Stopped by Stalled
BLOCKADES MARKET STREET
MTJBDEH MAY BE THE CHAEGE.
SACRAMENTO, Sept.' 10.— Considerable
irritation has been caused in this city by
the announcement of James W. Rea, the
San Jose politician, that his city. would
gladly take the State Fair and that the
District Association there would handle
it successfully. Ex-Postmaster Thomas
Fox declares that the people of San Jose
do not run their own district fairs "on
the square." He says that they owe to
people In. this city about $1600 which was
won in purses at the San Jose fair last
fall. B. W. Cavanaugh asserts that he
has never been paid the winnings he
made last fall at the San Jose fair. Other
Sacramentans . who would like to have
money which they say the Santa Clara
society owes them are Vet Tryon $209,
John M. Crane $150 and W. D. Randell
$180. . ¦ , • .
Regarding the State
Fair.
Resents James W. Eea's Declaration
SACBAMENTO GETS ;
BACK AT SAM" JOSE
A' counterfeiter's 'mold for the making
of bogus dollars was discovered and the
men are supposed to have been engaged
In this violation of the law.
Detective Hammil impersonated a man
desiring a position yesterday and secured
the information upon which he made the
arrests.
The men inserted an advertisement ¦ in
a daily paper offering liberal inducements
to men who would be willing to distribute
circulars. Applicants were told that : they
must pass a physical examination and
¦were directed to a Dr. J. Depew Kerjjan,
with the' "K. & K. Co. ,',' at Marker and
Mason streets. Kergan charged the men
from $10 to $15 each for. liis services and
when they went back to report for duty
they found that their would-be employ
ers had decamped. « ¦'' "¦ • . ¦ .
Detectives ' Tom ¦ Gibson and Archie'
Harnlil ;. arrested Charles .Compton; - Ir
vine Satniff and Eugene Funk yesterday
for having extorted money through a
fake employment scheme. When the
prisoners' rooms were searched a portion
of a' counterfeiter's outfit was found in
one-pf them and turned over to the Fed
eral authorities. ¦ :
The decision' to resort to habeas corpus
was reached after many efforts had been
made to induce the authorities to release
the prisoners on ball. .V
' The Chicago police do not know on what
evidence this statement is based, but take
it for granted that it Is a part of the con
fession of Czolgosz.
"Czolgosz was in Chicago August 18, in
company of Emma Goldman and Abra
ham Isaak at Isaak's office." ¦ .
In the evidence which can be produced
to hold the prisoners, it is said, the Chi
cago police have the following telegram
from the Buffalo Chief of Police:
Should the application Jfor a writ bo
successful it probably will be made . re
turnable Thursday morning, at which
time all the defendants will be brought
into court.
CHICAGO, Sept. lO.-An application will
be made to-morrow for a writ of habeas
corpus in behalf of the ,nlne. anarchists
now under arrest charged with. conspiracy
to murder President McKinley. The name
of Emma Goldman also probably will' be
included in the petition.
Application Will Be Made in Chicago
To-Day , for "Writs of Habeas
Corpus. .
JAILED ANARCHISTS , /
INSIST ON RELEASE
Dangerous Crooks Are
Taken 5 Into Custpcly^:
by Detectives.
Eighty-flve permits to carry firearms
were granted and a number of special
policemen appointed... .
The matter of Captain Dunleavy's crit
icism of the policy of the Chief did not
come before the board last night, but it
Is understood that Chief Sullivan and
Commissioner. Newhall will confer this
morning as to the advisability of either
transferring the captain to the Mission
district until the pension board meets
next month or to give him a vacation
until that meeting is held. It is also prob
able that Captains Spillane and Gillin
will be retired at the meeting of the
pension board. ' .
The testimony of several policemen and
William Manning and George Smith was
positive that no assault was made upon
the two men; that the onlv battery that
occurred was upon the Examiner camera.
The charge the paper made against
Knight, through E. J. Livernash, was that
the- officer had refused to make an arrest
when called upon by Livernash to do so.
Commissioners Mahoney, Newhall, How
ell and Wallace all voted "not guilty," so
the verdict was a complete vindication of
Knight.
The Examiner -failed last night to sub
stantiate- the'eharges it*- made to the Po
lice Commission against' Officer O. ' H.
Knisht.
Against Him.
Examiner Fails . to Prove Charges
KNIGHT STILL ON" FOBCE.
"Ihave not thought much on the mat
ter. What has disturbed me is to find a
reason for even anarchists to attack a
man like President McKinley. Here is
the one country where they are allowed
perfect freedom of speech. Here, where
the ruler is a man descended from farmer
stock and self-made. Here is a man who
has no fortune nor no means other than
that which he may manage to save out
of his salary as President. Probably many
a workinsrman in the United States to
day haa as large an amount of real es
tate as Mr. McKinley. In addition, he is
kindly disposed and a Christian gentle
man and In every great , emergency in
which he could act he has been a friend
of the common people. Why should he be
shot, then, even by anarchists?"
...Questioned as to the mode of procedure
sp far 'as the Stale "was concerned he
said: ~
/-'I see no need for the call of an ex
traordinary Grand Jury. The Grand
Jury now in session, composed of Amer- %
lean citizens, will undoubtedly j take care
of the would-be assassin and the author
ities of Erie County will; for county,
State and national pride, make a vigor
ous prosecution. Unless Governor Odell
la asked to interfere I see no need of his
calling an extra term or deputizing an
Assistant Attorney General to prosecute."
Asked. as to the enacting of legislation'
against anarchists he said:
"Ah;, but you forget twenty years of
modern surgery of progress. From what
I can learn also the Gartield wound was
much more serious than the wound of
President McKinley. I believe that the
President will recover and I believe it so
thoroughly that I, leave -here to-night."
"Do you remember that President Gar
field progressed for ten days and thaj
then just as he was ready to get out he
collapsed and finally died?" ¦
Quick as thought the ' Vice President
answered: .
• MILBURN HOUSE r BUFFALO, Sept.
10.— Vice President Roosevelt left the city
to-night at 9:50 for Oyster Bay, perfectly
confident that the President will recover.
So confident was he, in fact, that when a
question, of doubt was put to him he an
swered it with a parry. He was then
asked:
Sure the Chief Executive Will
Recover.
Vice President Declares That He Is
ROOSEVELT LEAVES
' i. WITH CONFIDENCE
SANTA ANA, Sept. 10.— Jose Serey, an
aged Mexican, died last night in New
port Beach. Serey Is the Mexican who has
been bringing gold nuggets to Santa Ana
from Lucas Canyon for the past several
years. . There has been considerable mys
tery concerning the location of the old
man's mine, he having been very secre
tive. He has Bold some nuggets here for
$25 and $35 each during the past few
years.
was in possession of a hooting, jeering
mob. The police, notified by telephone,
cleared the street for traffic after about
fifteen minutes of calisthenics with their
riot clubs. 'Another Morton team passing
by was called Into requisition and the stall
ed truck started once. more on Its way,
this time without interference from the
man in the buggy or his .friends on the
sidewalk. •
Golden Secret IKes "With Him.
A communication from the San Fran
cisco Labor Council to the Supervisors
was filed yesterday. In the main it is an
arraignment of the Employers' Associa
tion and a reply to M. F. Michael's let
ter to the Supervisors' conciliation com
mittee. It concludes as follows:
Therefore we again come to you to ask you
to use your authority to relieve us of these
grievances. We aek you to pass a resolution
dtnwndlng the removal of George A. New
¦%i.ll from his position as Police Commissioner
T^cauee he is a menace to the public safety
ind is unfit to act with that Judicial impar
tiality which his office demands. We ask you
to pass a resolution that the Chief of Police
be warned to moderate his pernicious activity
and be instructed that his duty Is to repress
crime, not to provoke w. We ask ypu to
pass a resolution that the place of the police
is on the streets, not on the wagons. Let it
be granted lor a moment that the wagons
would provoke a riot if not so guarded. This
we know is not true, but let it be granted.
Now it is a well known maxim of government
that acts which are leg-al in ordinary clrcum-
Etances become illegal when in an excited con
dition of the public mind they might cause
disturbance. If the wagons cause disturbance
It is the fault of the Employers' Association.
The remedy is not to put police on the
wagons, but to pur police at the doors of the
barns to prevent the .wagons from coming
out. The owners have .no .special privileges.
is mete<37 out to • the ¦ employe is good
enough justice, for the employers.
We ask you to pass a resolution to disband
the Hessians that Chief Sullivan has collected
under the name of special policemen. They
are dissolute and sbandoned characters who
have caused more disturbance than all the
other elements of .the city combined. They
are a menace to the community. Peaceful citi
zens, aye, innocent school children, are Insulted
and intimidated by them. We ask you to sup
press them and remove from our midst a can
cer that threatens to corrupt and destroy our
city. . ' . ¦ •
Lastly we ask you. to proclaim to. the world
that never ' have men behaved themselves so
well under such provocation as the men locked
out of work .in San Francisco. The city has
been absolutely peaceful. Unfriendly journals
have searched the city with lamps for as
saults and outrag-es, and they have sought in
vain. They . have trfken up every untoward
incident in a greet city and have laid it at
our door, and yet in epite of all how poor
and spiteful their catalogue Is a glance at
the daily papers will show. We have done our '
duty to the law and the city, and now the only
thing- we ask is that you, the representatives
of the law and the city, will do your duty
by us.
The Supervisors will take up all re
ports, resolutions and communlcaCtions re
lating to the strike at its meeting this
afternoon. ' . .
of Supervisors.
Leaders Send Communication to Board
LABOR'S GRIEVANCES STATED.
JAPANESE KILLED ' '¦¦''.
AND OFFICER INJURED
Shooting Affray in Fresno's China*
town at Early Hour This Morn-
ing Results Disastrously.
FRESNO, Sept. 11.— A . Japanese named
Kanicugani was instantly killed and an
other Japanese and Police Officer Mc-
Swain were badly injured In a shooting;
scrape which occurred in Chinatown at
2:15 this morning.
The police heard a shot fired near the
Trilby Garden saloon and caught sight
of a Japanese running, and started in
pursuit.
Policeman McSwaln was In advance and
was shot twice by the fleeing- Japanese.
Policeman Nelson then fired and brought
down the fugitive. Later it was learned
that the prisoner had brutally murdered
another Japanese. ¦ '
SHOBTAGE, I1X ACCOTJUTS
OF NOME'S POSTHASTES
Joseph H. Wright Arrested on a
Charge of Embezzling Gov
ernment Funds.
SEATTLE, Sept. 10.— The Postmaster of
Nome, Joseph H. Wright, has been ar
rested and held for trial on the charge of
embezzling $2200 from the Government.
Postal Inspector Clum is the principal
witness against Postmaster Wright.- At
the preliminary hearing Clum testified,
that upon the - first examination • of
Wright's affairs he found a shortage of
more than $10,500. This was" on a Mon
day. Between that time and Wednesday
Wright replaced $7300, leaving a deficit of
$3200.
.Robert H. Mumford, known throughout
the Yukon country and the States as
"Policy Bob," committed suicide on Au
gust 2> by swallowing twenty grama o{
morphine in a room, at the Gold Hill Ho
tel.
Li Hung Chang Is Grieved.
PEKING. Sept. 10.— Prince Chung an<i
Li Hung Chang have sent to Minister
Conger a warm letter of regret at the at
tempted assassination of President Mc-
Kinley, and Prince Chung is requesting
the court to issue an edict to the same
purport. • .
Chinese Express Sympathy.
LOS ANGELES, Sept. 10.— The' follow
ing telegram was sent this afternoon to
Mrs. McKinley:
Chinese residents here shocked at the outrage
on the President. Rejoice with you at en
couraging report* and pray for his complete
recovery, i . " ~ '• '
Washington— David Bashere, Walla
Walla, gate; Ira C. Drake, Ortlng, hasp
lock; Archibald E. Partridge, Seattle,
ledger. '
Oregon— William T. Cottier, Portland,
car ventilation; John W. "Gheen, Port
land, fire pot:. Walter T. Gordon.- Juniper,
treadle mechanism; John Maro, Tilla
mook, rudder; Asa" B. Strong, Perrydale,
attachment for plows;. Harry. P.. Taylor,
assignor one-fourth to -W. P. Keady,
Howard, ore concentrator.
The following patents were issued to
day: California— John E. Armstrong,
Santa Cruz, automatic water elevator;
Albert H. Buhner, San Francisco, parallel
ruier; /Albert C. Calkins, assignor to F.
W. Braun, Los -Angeles,: ore sampling
machine; same, automatic blowpipe;
Monroe N. Callender, San Francisco, den
tal engine; Joseph Eastwood, San Fran
cisco, and E. M. Hoagland, East Oak
land,- well-casing perforator; James C.
Garrett, San Francisco, foot rest; John
W. Gray, Oakland, liquid balance; Thom
as J. Greer, St. Helena, graduate lawn
or garden sprinkler; George C. Harlan,
Stockton, car coupling; Adam Heberer,
Berkeley, device for Introducing and dis
tributing air to furnaces; Robert E. Pen
dleton, Red Bluff, carrying case: Barton
W. Scott, assignor to Globe Development
Company, San Jose, controlled vending
machine; Clarence A. Trlpp, Los Ange
les, hose coupling.
The following pensions were granted:
California-Original— David ' L. Whipp,
Soldiers' Home, Los Angeles, $6. War
with Spain — Robert G. Calbert. San Fran
cisco, $6. Renewal, widow — Julia A. Ray,
Los Angeles, $17.
Oregon— Original (war with Spain)—
John Nolan, Portland, $6.
Washington— Original— William C. Phil
lips, Soldiers' Home, Ortlng, $8; Frederick
Hilt, Seattle, $6. Renewal, widow— Laura
J. Perrin, Conconully, $12.
WASHINGTON, Sept. 10.— The Post
office Department to-day . announced th*
following postoffices established: Oregon
— Vida, Lane County; order of August 13
discontinuing this office rescinded. Wash
ington—Stratford, Douglass County, John
T. Gallehon postmaster, discontinued Sep
tember 30. California— Roseija, San Ber
nardino County, mail to Rialto.
Postmasters commissioned: Oregon—
Orin D. Thomlinson, North' Powder.
Gross receipts of the San Francisco
postoffice for August, 1901, were $96,403.
Are Issued.
and Pensions and Patents
Changes Made in the. Postal. Service
OF INTEREST TO PEOPLE *
OF TEE PACIFIC COAST
. SALT.JLAKE CITY, ; Sept. 10.— The two
story brick building extending from 212 to
222 South West Temple street, In which
were located the general offices of- the
Oregon - Short Line Railway, . ¦ was de
stroyed by fire early this morning.
The fire originated in the basement of
the Mine and Smelter- Supply, Company,
occupying the west half of the ground
floor. .Shortly after the firemen arrived
an explosion of dynamite, a small quan
tity of which was stored in the basement,
blew out most of the south wall and part
of the front of the building, four firemen
being cut by flying glass. Assistant Chief
McCarthy was severely injured.
The explosion wrecked the vault in the
chief engineer's" office of the' Short Line
Railway, and nearly all the records of
the road, including the plans of the new
Salt Lake-Los Angeles extension, were
lost. . - .
For a time the six-story Dooley block,
to the north, and the new high school
building: adjoining on the west were in
danger of destruction,- but the fire was
finally got under control with but slight
damage to those buildings. The loss will
probably approximate $250,000. The Ore
gon Short Line offices will be moved into
the Dooley block temporarily.
It would be difficult for any one outside
of the Short Line Company to estimate
what was lost in to-day's fire. It> had
many very, valuable' records stored in the
different parts of the destroyed building
upon which no money value could be
placed^';' They were records of the com
pany from its beginning — records which
represented the company's entire history
and holdings. There is no insurance or
money equivalent which can replace these.
•What difference their, loss will make to
the railroad, its officers do not care to
discuss..
PATIENT OUT OF DAHGEB.
Continued From Page Two.
Dancing- and other amusements kept
the people at the park until a late hour
this evening. . ' • • .
Many of the residents of this section
to-day saw an electric car for the first
time in their lives, and there was a wild
scramble for seats every . time a car
reached town. Thousands of passengers
were transported, the new company do
ing a rushing business.
There was an exciting trotting race dur
ing the afternoon, in which three horses
were entered. The owners were H. J.
Wright. Phil Byrne and Robert Latta.
Wrig-ht's horse won both heats, the first
in -2:« and the second in 2:40. •
Ex-Senator Preston delivered an ad
dress and the response was given by John
Martin, a San Francisco capitalist who is
back of the electric road and other enter
prises in this section.
Another event was the "burial of the
hatchet" by a committee from Grass Val
ley and Nevada City, which is supposed
to signalize the end of a long-standing
feud between the two places. The local
military company, in command of Lieu
tenant Tyrrell, with the Nevada City
Company, commanded by i Major P. F.
Simonds, took part In a sham battle,
many of the soldiers wading through
water waist deep in the thickest of the
fray. Both companies retired to their
quarters with honors even.
GRASS VALLEY, Sept. 10.— To-day wit
nessed the largest gathering of people
Nevada County has seen in -many years.
The event was a reunion of the pioneers
of this county, and every old settler with
in a radius of fifty miles drove or rode or
walked to Glenbrook Park, a pretty little
retreat and picnic grounds midway be
tween Grass Valley arid Nevada City. The
occasion included the dedication of the
new electric railroad connecting these
two mining cities, which was recently
completed at an outlay of $100,000. It Is
estimated that at least 4000 persons were
In Glenbrook Park.
Special , Dispatch to The Call.
Hasler was 74 years of age and a na
tive of Germany. He had been a resi
dent of California for forty-five years.
A physician was summoned and. the
wound cauterized, but the action was too
late to prevent blood-poisoning. Hasler
grew worse rapidly and died yesterday
afternoon in terrible agony. "... . . ',
SAN JOSE, Sept. 10.— The bite of a small
tarantula caused the death of Gottlieb
Hasler, a pioneer of this valley.' at his
home in Evergreen yesterday afternoon.
Last Wednesday Hasler went to the barn
on his ranch to feed his horses.- While
getting some hay a tarantula the size of
a pigeon's egg and covered with black
hair fell on his arm- and bit him. Al
though not especially painful the bite was
soon followed by a swelling of the arm
to twice its normal size. " :
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Several witnesses were examined by
Rear Admiral Schley's counsel to-day,
among others being Captain F. A. Cook,
who commanded the Brooklyn; Lieutenant
Commander Sharp, who commanded the
Vixen, and Lieutenant Commander, Sears,
also of the Brooklyn. . - ¦
All members of the court are now in
this city. Rear Admiral Howison arriving
from New York to-night. There will, be no
firing of salutes or. parading of marines
when the members appear on Thursday^
Admiral Dewey said it was his intention,
to go to court in civilian dress and put on
the uniform prescribed for such occasions
after his arrival there.
CALL BUREAU. 1406 G STREET. N.
W., WASHINGTON. Sept. 10.— Attorney
General Knox having refused to assign
an Assistant Attorney General to aid
Judge Advocate Lemly, Edwin P. Hanna.
solicitor of the Navy Department, was
formally designated to-day to assist the
Judge Advocate in conducting the case for
the Government in the Schley court of
inquiry. Mr. Hanna is credited with a
comprehensive knowledge of maritime law
and naval regulations.
The new gunners' workshop in the navy
yard where the court of inquiry will meet
was inspected this afternoon by Judge
Advocate Lemly, Rear Admiral Terry,
commandant of navy yard, and Lieuten
ant Bowyer, who has been charged with
the duty of fitting it up for the require
ments of the occasion. The room is none
too large for the purpose, measuring only
200 feet by sixty feet. More than one-thlrcl
of this space will be occupied by the court,
attorneys and press representatives. There
will be seats for 325 spectators. ' .....'
Special Dispatch to The Call.
garding the President of the United
States. In discussing the attempted as
sassination of the President with some
Native Sons ho took exception to their
kindly words concerning the/ stricken
President and remarked :
- "Damn the President of the United
States. He is no good, anyhow."
He was hustled away by friends to save
him from a beating- by the enraged Na
tive Sons.' Later the affair was reported
to Street Superintendent Garratt. Bar
ros admitted having made .the remark,
and further declared he was not intoxi
cated at the time, whereupon he was dis
charged. ' _.
The Woman's National Association, an
auxiliary of the Ex-Prisoners of War, to
day elected national officers as follows:
National president, Mrs. William Paul,
Allegheny, Pa. ; senior vice president, Mrs.
John Home, Steubenville, Ohio; junior
vice president. Mrs. Frank Traville; sec
retary. Mrs. J. E. Hutchinson; treasurer,
Mrs. Alfred H. Jones.
At Central Armory to-night the Union
Ex-Prisoners of War held their Twenty
ninth annual reunion. Mayor Term L.
Johnson of Cleveland presided. Governor
Nash of Ohio and Governor Bliss of Michi
gan addressed the assemblage.
Mrs. Calista Robinson Jones of Brad
ford, Vermqnt, is a candidate ' for presi
dent of the Woman's Relief Corps, the
largest auxiliary body allied to the Grand
Army. Her election is practically decided
upon.
The real business relative to the ad
ministrative affairs of the Grand Army
commenced this afternoon, whemiumer
ous caucuses" were held at -the head
quarters of the various departments. The
election of the next commander-in-chief
promises to be one of the most interesting
in the history of the organization. Gen-;
era! Sickles' candidacy is being boomed,
but if he secures the election he will be
the first Democratic incumbent of that
most important office. Governor Van Sant
of Minnesota is handling the campaign of
Judge Eli Torrence of Minneapolis, and
the Minnesota men claim that they have
excellent chances of winning out. It is
said that General Stewart of Pennsylvania
is the administration favorite, , and the
fight Is expected to be waged most closely
between the candidates from New York
and Pennsylvania,
Other features of interest in the day's
programme were a reception by the Cleve
land Yacht Club, a dog watch of the Asso
ciation of Naval Veterans at Gray's
Armory, a campflre of Union ex-prison
ers of war at Central Armory, a reception
for national ofcicers of the Grand Army
by the Woman's Relief Corps at Chamber
of Commerce Hall, a reception of Ladies
of the G. A. R., the West Side campflre
at Turner Hall and a lake front naval
display by the United States Naval Re
serve boats, including Illuminations and
maneuvers by the fleet. -
CLEVELAND, Sept. 10.— The naval
veterans took first place in the festivities
attendant upon the Grand Army encamp
ment to-day. The eighty-seventh anni
versary of Oliver Hazard Perry's historic
triumph on Lake Erie was fittingly cele
brated in a grand parade of naval vet
erans and a naval display upon the lake?
COUNTERFEITERS
AND SWINDLERS
Captain Conradi of the Centennial re
ports that on the voyage to Nome he
picked up. the second mate and six of
the crew of the schooner James Sennett
of San Francisco. The . Sennett went
ashore on Unimak Island on August 7.
Her crew were picked up on -August 21.
During their stay on the island- they had
plenty of provisions and even lived for
a large portion of the time aboard; the
wrecked schooner. They 5 were brought
from Nome to Seattle. The Centennial
passed the Rosecrans, bound north, on
September 1. *¦ , . • ¦ f
At. Nome, when the Centennial left,
were the United States revenue cutter
Bear, the steamers Arctic and Dora and
the schooner Abbie M. Deering.
Gold is coming into Nome from Teller
and from Gold Run. A peculiar feature
about the latter place is the fact that
the large amount of claim-jumping and
disputes during the early part of the sea
son caused caution on the part of many
owners and they said nothing of the
richness of their property. Now, how
ever, this richness is beginning to man
ifest itself in the season's yield.
Gold is beginning to come into Nome
at :a good rate, and all indications are
that the .next ships returning to pprt
from Nome will have large amounts of
treasure. The Centennial brought $250,
000, in care of Purser McDonald. Of this
$65,000 belongs to the Wild Goose Mining
Company and is consigned to the Scan
dinavian-American Bank of this city. The
Northwest Commercial Company sent
down a large consignment. By far the
greater portion of the quarter of a mil
lion, however, was contained In individ
ual pokes, the contents of . which ran
from $50 to $5000.
"The indications," said Mr. McDonald,
"point to the fact that Nome. is to have
an early winter following the late spring.
Cold weather Is coming on. When we
left the nights were decidedly'/ chilly.
With the exception of .one. gale, which
came on before the Centennial reached
Bering Sea and was indicated only by
the heavy ground swell which it had left,
no ¦ bad weather has yet . been experi
enced." ' •
SEATTLE, Sept. 10.— Nome's open sea
son is already nearly at an end. This
is.'the report brought by the steamship
Centennial, which arrived in' port from
the north at noon to-day. Purser Mc-
Donald, of tho Centennial says that Ice
is forming each night in low places and
that frost lies each , morning along the
creeks. . • ;. •
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Continued From Page Five.
MERCHANTS REFUSE TO INTERVENE
The Pelican was lost about four years
ago. After leaving Port Townsend on
October 12 with a cargo of lumber for
Taku. nothing was heard of her until two
years afterward, when a message in a
bottle was picked up by one of the
Echooner fleet in the- North Pacific and
cent to the Merchants' Exchange from
Karluk.
VICTORIA, B. C. Sept ¦ lO.-The seal
ing schooner Saucy Lass, Captain Brown,
the first vessel of the Bering Sea fleet,
arrived home, this evening with a catch
of 704 skins, to show for .her season** work
off the British Columbia and Oregon
coasts, the Copper or Commahderofskl Is
lands and in. the Bering Sea. She was
obliged to leave the Bering Sea on August
16, forty days before the season closed,
owing to the food running short.
According to a report current at Una
laska when the schooners of the Vic
toria fleet were there preparing to go into
Bering Sea. word had .been received
there of the finding of four skeletons just
\tbove the water line- on the shores of
fSkutan Island, which were believed to
have been those of victims of the lost
steamer Pelican. The bodies were found
by Indians, lying on the rocks as though
the unfortunate men had managed to
reach shore only to perish of exhaustion.
i rom .-the report of those who saw them
the remains appeared to have been those
of men belonging to some steamer, for
they wore uniforms similar to those worn
on trans-Pacific steamers.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Happy Feature Marks " Re
union of Pioneers in Glen- .
brook Park,
Causes Death Five
Days Later.
. • •> . . t ...¦...¦
Wound Inflicted by Insect
Navy Department Solicitor to
Assist the Judge Ad
vocate.
Explosion Wrecks Vault and
Costly Property Is
, -.,'; Destroyed. -
Indians Find Four Skeletons
on Akutan Island
Beach.
Interesting Features at the
Gathering of the Old
-Fighters.
Steamer Centennial Brings
$250,000 in Gold Prom <
the Mines.-
Naval Veterans Cele
brate Erie Battle An
niversary.
Grass Valley and Nevada
* City Smoke Pipe of
Ireace..
Schley Court of Inquiry
. Will Be Very Busi
ness-Like.
Conflagration in Salt
Lake City Causes
Injuries.
Ice Is Already Forming
and the Weather
Turns Cold.
A Santa Clara Farmer
Suffers Terrible
Agony.
Tell the Pat© of the
Seamen of Steamer
Pelican;
MINING T0WI5 '
BURY HATCHET
ELUNG BONES
CLEAR MYSTERY
DEWEY WANTS
NO CEREMONY
DIES FROM BITE
OF A TARANTULA
FAMOUS PERRY
WELL HONORED
WINTER CLOSING
IN UPON NOME
FIREMEN HURT
BY DYNAMITE
TIIE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY SEPTEMBER 11, 1901.
Judge J. 11. Sea well continued the.cass
of Captain Wlttman to Friday morning
at 10 - o'clock when it • was brought : up
yesterday. Wittman applied for a writ
prohibiting the Sheriff from summoning:
a jury to try him on a battery. charg«
preferred by a striker whom he clubbed.
Wittman's Case Continued.
: . SAN *¦; JOSE,;. Sept. . 10.— F. Barros. 7a
driver; of. *a - sprinkling wagon in , the
Street Department, > was discharged - to
day for making,* an * Insulting remark re-
CURSES PRESIDENT
AND LOSES POSITION
. Olaf H. Johnson, a four-year-old boy,
residing at 9 Freelon street,,, was killed
by a truck on Brannan street, near Third
yesterday afternoon. . The; lad, with two
companions, jumped on the vehicle. They
were ordered to get off. • Young Johnson
attempted to Jump to the ground from
the side of the truck, but 'stumbled arid
one of '¦'¦ the rear wheels passed over his
body, ¦ killing him instantly. ' The driver,
Jactub Silversteln, • was arrested and
charged' with manslaughter at the Cen
tral police Station. ' ¦ ¦'¦. .
Boy Killed by a. Truck.
9
ISA GREAT RESTORATIVE. INY1GORA-.
tor and Nervine. ' . " ¦ ¦ :
-The most wonderful aphrodisiac and Special
Tonic for the Sexual Organa. lor both aexes. .:
The Mexican Remedy for Diseases of the Kid-
neys and Bladder. Sells on Its own merits. -"
NABER. ALFS.& BRUNE. . Aeenta. -
323 Market st. S. F,— {Seiid for Circulars.)
Damiana Bitters
BAJA CALIFORNIA
. A special dispatch from Boston, May: 5,
1900, to the New York Sun gives as'new
regulations of the Boston Board of Health
as •-„ to "barber shops: Mugs, : shaving
brushes and -razors shall be sterilized
after each separate use thereof. A sepa-
rate,, clean towel j shall be used for each
person. Material, to stop the flow of blood
shall .be used only in powdered form and
applied on a towel.' Powder puffs are pro-
hibited.',' --. "Wherever Newbro's "Herpi-
cide" is used on face or scalp after shav-
ing or haircutting there Is no danger, as
it is antiseptic • and kllla the dandruff
germ. ¦>, < ' .
Board of Health Orders Sterilization of
All That Barbers Use on Customers.
BOSTON'S BARBER KEGTTLATIONS
NEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
DR.PIERCFS
GOLDEN
_^ :MED3CA1< ,
DISCOVERS
FOR THE _:".:
BLOOD.UVER.B.LIMGS.
The reason Postum builds up the human
body to. a prime condition of health, is
that when coffee is left off the drug
effects of the poison disappear and the
elements in Pootum unite with albumen
cJf the food to make gray matter and re-
ftfj the delicate nerve centers all over the
body and in the -brain; This sots up a
perfect condition of nerve health, and
the result Is that the entire bedy feels
the effect cf it. • .
"When I began to drink Postum, my
muscles were flabby, as my habits are
sedentary, but for the past .two years my
muscles Jjave been hard and I never x felt
stronger' in my life than I do now at
sixty yeWs of age. and I attribute. my
strength' cf muscle to constant use, of
Postum. I drink it three times a day. I
feel so enthusiastic about Postum that
I cannot recommend It too highly wher-
ever I go. Wishing you great success,
yours truly." • Rev. A. P. Moore, 474
Rhode Island st., Buffalo, N. Y.
"I have been eo well pleased with it and
its healthful effects that I have used it
ever since. I carry packages with me
when I visit other places.
"For years I havs not been able to
drink coffee, as it made me very nervous
and gave me a headache. No one loved
coffee more than I, and it was a severe
trial to abandon its use. Nearly three
years ago I saw Postum Cereal Coffee ad-
vertised and concluded to try it.
Sense Habit.
y MUSCULAR PASTOR.
Muscles Built Up by Common
POSTUM CEREAL.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Free trial packages of a most remark*
able remedy are being mailed to all wh«
will write the State Medical Instltuts.
They cured so many men who had bat-
tled for years against the mental and
physical suffering of lost manhood that
the Institute has decided to distribute f re*
trial packages to all who write. It Is a
home treatment, and all men who suffer
from any form of sexual weakness result-
ing from youthful folly, premature loss of
strength and memory, weak back, varico-
cele or emaciation of parts can now- cure
themselves at home.
The remedy has- a peculiarly rrateful
effect oft -warmth and seems to act direct
to the desired location, giving ¦trenRth
and development just where It Is needed.
It cures all the ills and troubles that « om»
from years of misuse of the natural S mo-
tions and has been an absolute succ -3 In
all cases. A request to the State Medi-
cal .Institute, 323 Elektron building. Fort
"Wayne, Ind.. statins that you desire one
of their free trial packages, will be com-
plied with promptly. The Institute is de-
sirous of reaching that great class of men
who are unable to leave home to be treat-
ed, and the free samples will enable them
to see how easy It is to be cured of sex-
ual weakness when the proper remedies
are employed. The Institute makes no
restrictions. Any man who writes will be
sent a free sample, carefully sealed In a
plain .package, so that Its recipient need
have no fear of embarrassment or pub-
licity. Readers are requested to write
without delay. *
to All Who Write.
SENT FREE TO MEN!
A Free Trial Paekagre Sent by. Mail
A Most Remarkable -Remedy That
Quickly Restores Lost Vigor
to Men.
; BUCHANAN BROS.
Brush Manufacturers. 609 Sacramento St
•DT5TTC'TJ"C»Qfor barbers, bak-
I5Jl.lJ UilLlJ^, -bootblacks, bath-
wm WW .m.« houses, billiard tables,
brewers, bookbinders, candy-makers, canners.
dyers, flourmllls. . foundries, laundries, paper*
hangers, printers, painters. : shoa . factories,
stablemen, tar-roofers, tanners, tailors, etc. .THE SA1ST FRAyciSCO^GAIili, WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 11, 1901.
10
DENTISTS — Continued
jgELP WANTED—FEMALE— Cob. __
'' -'*¦*' v/ V ; -* — — — — » - '/
OPERATORS on overalls at Levl Strauss &
Co.'s factory. 32% Fremont St.; good. wages:
no experience necessary. Apply to MR.
DAVIS.
APPRENTICES to learn tailoring: paid while
learning. BELASCO & HARRIS CO.. 641
Market st. -_^ ;.
WANTED— Experienced operators on ladies'
wrappers; steady work; electric power; good
pay. MARKS BROS., 1212 Market st.
GIRL for general housework. 100 McAllister
street. .
RESTAURANT waitress wanted; good. pay.
631 Clay st, ,
.RELIABLE young girl, assist light housework;
no cooking; good home. 240 Third St.
GIRL for general housework in Alameda. In-
qulre 832. Market St., San Francisco.
GLOVE makers; driving and Eurekas. Carson
Glove Co.. 35 Market st. ¦ _^
GIRL for general housework in a small family.
2115 Broderick st. .
WANTED— A young girl to take care of baby.
Apply Hotel Mlramar, room 61.
ELDERLY lady wanted; assist in housework.
213 Grant ave.
HAIRDRESSING, dyeing, bleaching, massage,
manicuring taught In 2 weeks for $5; employ-
mer.t guaranteed. College, 143 Stockton, r. 15.
FRENCH- speaking fancy goods saleslady
wanted. Box 235, Call offlce.
FIRST-CLASS cook, city references required.
2527 Devlsadero st., between 9 and 12 a. N m.
GIRL for general housework; no children:
wages $20; references. Box 236, Call offlce.
COOK and assist In housework. 2033 Pierce St.,
bet. California and Sacramento, 9 to 12.
WANTED— An errand girl at 766 Geary st.
EXPERIENCED girls wanted; bookblndery.
536 Clay st.
EXPERIENCED girls wanted; bookbindery.
636 Clay at. /
GIRL for cooking and housework; references
required. 1101 Green st., corner Leavenworth.
KIRST-CLASS finishers on coats; good pay;
. steady work. 541 Market St.
WANTED-Women for light work on fruit.
1731 Folsom «t -
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Flllmore St.
HELP \VANTEP1-MALE~
MURRAY & READY. ..... PHONE MAIN 6848
.Leading Employment Agents
! *• 634 and C36 Clay Street
Offlce Open To-day, 7 a. m
Railroad men Bhlp to-day Wednesday
to teamsters Uklah Free fare
<5 laborers Uklah Free fare
25 men to cut right of way, Uklah, free fare,
wages $2 to $2 50 a day
...SANTA FE COMPANY'S OWN WORK...
175 laborers to work on section, steel, ballast
nnd extra gangs at Stockton, Fresno, Bakers-
flold and Merced divisions
Free fare ,. Ship dally
MECHANICAL HELP
Foreman carpenter for a mine; tank cooper,
vineyard company, $65 and found, see boss
here; cooper, slack work, country; 2 tln-
smlth*. |3 day; young man, some experience
at tlnsmlthlng; carpenter, factory, country: 2
harness-makers, camp and ranch, $35 and $40;
2 brlckmasona, mine; blacksmith, %'lneyard,
easy Job. $35 and found; blacksmith's helper,
ranch, $35 and found; 5 other blacksmiths, $3
a day and found; machine blacksmith, $3 50;
carpenter, factory
MINES, QUARRIES
LABORERS. ETC :
25 single-hand miners, different mines. $75
and $od and found; 6 miners, $60; 23 drillers
and hammersmen. quarry, $60 and $67 50; *174
laborers for gold and silver mines, north and
south, $30 to $75 and found; 250 men for
quarry work, $2. $2 25 and $10 and found; 10
laborers, Santa Clara County, $34 and found;
10 laborers for a salt company, $1 75 a day;
350 laborers for different jobs, city and coun-
try, wages $1 75 to $4 a day
MISCELLANEOUS
FARMS. DAIRIES, ETC
3 choremen for private places. $30 and found;
15 deckhands, $40 and found; 3 sailors; 8
stablemen, hostleri and buggy washers, $60;
S7 farm hands, steady jobs, $23 to $35 and
found; 23 choremen and boys. $15 to $30 and
found; 15 milkers, different dairies, $30 to $40
and found; 5 can washers, city Jobs, $30 and
found; 10 lumber pliers, north, $60; 15 men to
work around sawmill, $2 day; 10 laborers,
sawmill, Sonoma County. $30 and found; 5
crosscut sawyers. $45 and found
5 men to • work on ranch, no experience re-
quired, $26 and found
........HOTEL AND OTHER; DEPTS :..
Butcher for a mining company, $40 and found ;
sausage stuffer. $55: cook, small camp, Napa
County, $30 and found, see boss here; 3 camp
and ranch cooks, $30; dishwasher for Institu-
tion, $25; 2 dishwashers, ranches, $25 and
found; 16 cooks, hotels, restaurants, city and
country, $30 to $G0 and found; 14 waiters, $25
to $35 and found; 15 kitchen hands, dishwash-
ers and vegetable men; 3 butchers; 3 porters;
3 elevator and bell boys; cook, small board-
lng-house, country, $35 and found, and 500
others too numerous to mention
..'.....Call and read our bulletin boards
MURRAY & READY 634-C36 Clay St.
A— FRUIT PICKERS LOOK HERE
MEN AND STRONG BOYS....*......
. 25 men and boys to pick fruit and work In
all kinds of fruit for a large company, or-
chard, $30 and found. $1 25 fare; no experi-
ence required; anybody will suit on this Job..
10 Italian grape pickers, see boss here
MURRAY & READY 634-636 Clay st.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S 104 Geary st.
Railroad Work Railroad Work
Free Fare Free Fare
FOR NEVADA
CO teamsters v $2 a day
E0 laborers .$2 a day
FOR TRUCKEE
50 masons' helpers :..... .$175 to $2
100 laborers *1 75
FOR CHATSWORTH PARK
100 drillers and headers $2 25 to $2 SO
100 muckers and laborers ;..$2
.FOR SANTA FE SYSTEM..
¦ EO laborers, section work ...$175
Free Fare Ship To-day Free Fare
20 laborers for sawmill and woods. .$2. a day
10 farmers, $1 to $1 50 a day and board; 3
blacksmiths, country, $2 EO to $3 a day; fire-
man; institution, $35 and found
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
¦ Camp cook, near city, $65; second cook, $35;
waiter, $25; vegetableman, $25, for an in-
stitution, country; baker and pastry cook,
country, hotel, $50; second cooks, fryers and
broilers, $C0 to $60; 20 dishwashers and
kitchen hands, $30 and $25
Hea 1 . waiter, hotel, $50; head waiter, $35;
waiter,. $30, same country hotel; 3 porters,
country: hotel. «20"and $25...:
C. R. HANSEN & CO 104 Geary St.
A STENOGRAPHER ana typewriter and act
as assistant clerk: call early. C. R. HAN-
SEN & CO.. 104 Geary St.'
AT THE CALIFORNIA EMP. AGENCY.
09 Third St., near Call bldg.; phone Bush 405.
..RAILROAD LABORERS .'..
UKIAH UKIAH
...%.. FREE FARE
50 R. ' R. laborers, Uklah $2 per day
50 R. R. teamsters, Ukiah..$2 to $2 25 per day
50 axmen. Uklah ....$2 per day
Free • fare to Fresno. Merced and Bakersfleld.
E0 shovelers for Santa Fe R. Xt. | 50 section
hands for Santa Fe R. R. ...... $1 75 per day
10 lumber piler3 and yardmen $2 a day
10 laborers, country .' $2 per day
10 quarrymen, $2 per day, board 60c per day
3 men to gather beans '....$30 per month
Spool tender, lumber woods...... $50 and found
ANDRE'S offlce, 316 Stockton st.— Baker for
Institution, $35; broiler, $60; camp cook,
waiter, country, $30: omnibus,. $30; ten men
for salt factory, $1 75 a day; young man to
learn barkeeplnsr. $20; good dishwasher. $30;
vegetableman, $_25; dishwasher for college,
$20; elderly man to do chores, $15. - '
A— HOTEL GAZETTE, 26 Montgomery st.,r. 12.
Head clerk, $50; bell boys. $20; young man
to do clerking and tend bar, country hotel,
. $20; 4 colored waiters,' country: hotel, $25.
BOY about 15 years, who lives with ¦ parents,
for store work; $5 a week and Increase: good
opening for bright, neat boy. MRS. M. E
DAY & CO.. 335 Geary st.
JOURNEYMEN Barbers' international Union—
Free employment. 927 Market Rt.. room 207.
I. LESS, secretary; telephone Jessie 1176.
WANTED — Able-bodied men able to handle
grain, etc.: none others need apply; wages 50c
per hour, board, lodging and protection ! In-
cluded. Apply, to WM. THOMAS, 514 Bat-
STRONG boy. 15 to 20 years, to work In a candy !
, factory; chance to learn the trade; wages $5
a week to start with. Call to-day bet. 9 and
;.10 a. m,,_ Blum's 1 Confectionery.' cor.' of Polk
* and , Sutter sts. • , ' . - - ... ,
STRONG boy. about 17 years of age, for fac-
tory:- reference required.- LEVI STRAUSS
; & CO.,' 32V4". Fremont : st. Apply to MR
DAVIS. ¦-"..-' --.¦ '. 1 ¦ .:¦ :. ¦ . ¦•' "J -,
BARBERS— Wanted, to -buy ¦ a half or - whole
interest, in a- good paying country barber
shop;, a shop with baths preferred. Box 235
-Call offlce. . •.
A FEW" good solicitors on a new proposition-
; apply between ' 9 and 10 a.- m. D. . C KIN-
KE AD, ; r. 511 Adams * bldg. 206 _fearny st.
WANTED— A neat errand .boy at GRUENHA-
.¦ GEN'S," : 20 Kearny; st. : .— r. . -.#¦ -¦ . ,
STRONG boya. s B. BLUMENTHAL & CO
25 and. 27 Battery. st.
A— NEW unbreakable plate, the Rose Pearl,
warranted for 20 years;. crowns, $3 50; fillings,
BOc; plates, $5: full set; all work painless and
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth.
SET of teeth without plate. DR. H. G.
YOUNG. 1841 Polk st.
DR. R. L. WALSH, 815% Geary, nr. Larkin— Pain-
less extraction 50c: plates $5 up; phone Polk 1135."
DR. H. G. TRUMAN, denist, third floor. Ex-
aminer building; formerly in Murphy bldg.
VAN VROOM— "Painless" ; evenings and Sun-
days. 1001 Market St.. corner Sixth. V 1
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
FRENCH accordion and knife pleating. WM.
PILGER, 121 Post, over O'Connor & Moffatt.
McDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School—
Class rates; patterns cut. 1019' Market st.
EDUCATIONAL.
AYRES' Leading Business College, 723 Market—
$8 per month: $50 life scholarship guarantees a
complete business education; shorthand, typ-
ing, bookkeeping, . arithmetic, penmanship,
. spelling,' Sapnlsh, etc. : experienced teachers;
new typewriters; positions secured; cat. free.
GALLAGHER-MARSH College, Parrott bldg.—
Shorthand, typing and bookkeeping; Robert
F. Gallagher, expert court reporter, teacher of
shorthand: reportorlal phrasing taught; prac-
tical bookkeeping, full course. $50; catalogue.
A— THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school for the university, law and- medical
colleges: references. President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building.
ACTING, elocution, specialties, Hallett School,
associated with theatrical agency securing
positions. Alcazar building, 120 O'Farrell st.
MERRILL-MILLER College— Shorthand, typ-
ing, practical bookkeeping. Rooms 40-45, Par-
rott bldg.; individual instruction :' catalogue.
ENGINEERING— Civil, elec.,minlng,mech. sur-
vey, assay, cyanide; day, eve. ; est. 1864. Van
der Nalllen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
BOOKKEEPING, figures; the one man who per-
fects beginners, college graduates & bookkeep-
ers Is TARR, the expert. 220 Parrott bldg.
A FULL course of Ellis bookkeeping and the
Gregg shorthand costs only $60. San Fran-
clsco Business College. 1236 Market st. <x*:?.'j-'<
VAUDEVILLE School of Acting-Pupils pre-
pared for the stage. 125 Mason st.
ACTING — Fend to Grand Opera-house for cir-
cular of Grand Opera-house School of Acting.
Chicago Business College, 1433 Market, nr. 10th.
Pitman -horthand, typing, bookkeep., $6 mo.
MARY P. WESTHAUR, piano, mandoan. guitar
lessons. BOc; piano for practice. 39 Fifth st.
PROF. L. MKRICI. experienced teacher: violin.
i mandolin, guitar: Juvenile c'.ass. 1008 Mission.
IT.T/nSTRATION— PARTINGTON'R DAY and
ILLUSTRATION— night cla»s. 424 Pine st.
HEALD'B Business College. 24 Post St.. S. F.;
foundfd 1SC3: new 80-page catalogue free.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, ffrnmmnr, writing,
etc.: flay or eve.; $"» mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
JAPANESE" &n& Chinese help of . all kinds;
cooks, waiters and house servants. | GEO.
AOKI & CO.. 421 Post at.; tel. Bush 135.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Offlce—
Best help. 411% O'Farrell st.: tel. East 426.
SAM KEE & CO.,employment offlce — Best help;
. estbd. 18. r .0. 621^ California st.; tel. Red 401.
CHINESE Employment Offlce— All kinds best
help furnished. 4S9 Bush st.; tel. James 1601.
JAPANESE Intelligence Office— Furnish mott
reliable help. 524 Buoh st. ; tel. Bush 516.
ORPHEUM Employment Offlce— Japanese. Chi-
nese help. 426 Powell, nr.Sutter; tel. Black 5072.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
flce; all kinds help. 315 Stockton: Main 51S8.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — FEMALE.
A "WOMAN with a child wants' light housework
or take charge of a child; $5; -good home. 149
• Lexington ave., bet. Eighteenth and Nlne-
teenth, Valencia and Mission sts. , .
STRONG, good, willing woman; a great house
cleaner and can do most any kind of work;
!*good references; wages $1 per day and car-
' fare; good washer of flannels. SS 3d st., r. 10.
STRONG American woman; flrst-class house-
cleaner, washer and ironer; $1' per day . and
carfare. Box 267. Call. . ' •
COLORED woman, first-class cook, , wants sit-
uation cooking or chamber work; reference.
Call 2.'3 Jessie st '
YOUNG woman from the East wishes situation
as chambermaid, sewing. or waiting, j or
housework; no postals. Call 2DS^ Tehama. st.
MIDDLE-AGED woman *to do washing, Iron-
ing and housecleaning by the day: $1 a day
and car fare. MRS. SIEBOLD, 870 Folsom.
A YOUNG woman wants Eewlng by the dan
, mending, plain dressmaking or renovating.
Address Dressmaker, Call branch, 300 Hayes.
A RESPECTABLE girl wishes situation for
light housework and plain cooking. Call 513
McAllister st. • '
YOUNG woman with a child wishes placa as
housekeeper; city or country. 118 Eddy st.
CAPABLE woman would like to do house-
cleaning by the day. Box 250, Call offlce.
WANTED— Work by day, no starched clothes.
MRS. EG AN, 930 Howard St., room 90.
GENERAL housework; good plain cook: coun-
try preferred; city or country. Box 2C9. Call.
COMPETENT woman wishes a place to assist
in light housework; city or country.. 610
Third st.
FIRST-CLASS dressmaker desires engagements
by the day or to work home. 1694 Stockton.
FIRST-CLASS Swedish cook wishes situation
in American family; wages $35 or $40. Please
call 226 Lily ave., bet. Oak and Page sts.,
near Laguna.
FIRST-CLASS dressmaker, late of New York,
wants engagement by the day; $2. Apply to
MRS. WAHLQUIST..509 Kearny st ¦ , ¦
A LADY of ' middle age wishing to go East
would like to- chaperon young ladles or Inva-
lid. Box 2307, Call offlce, Oakland.
WINCHESTER House", 44 Third St., near Mar-
ket— 2C0 rooms; 25c to $1 50 per night; $1 E0 to
$6 week; convenient and respectable; free
'bus and baggage to and from -ferry.
.'. BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions nas been established at 1096
Valencia Et. . . '
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Flllmore st.
EMPLOYMENT AVANTED— MALE.
A COMPETENT, reliable man wishes position
on a private place; thoroughly understands
the care of horses; a careful driver; milk
cows; care garden; good reference. Address
F. D., 1519 Howard st. - ¦ ¦
INDUSTRIOUS and trustworthy young man de-
sires a position In a law offlce; stenographer;
experienced; knowledge of bookkeeping; fair
penman; references. Address box 253, Call.
GENTLEMAN wishes situation as traveling or
stationary companion or attendant, to conva-
lescent; can -act. as private secretary; good
¦ references. Box 248, Call.
EMPLOYMENT wanted by young- man from
the East; accustomed to gardening and gen-
eral work; Al references. Address box 254,
Call. . ' - -.-'¦¦
YOUNG man of ability and refinement will
come to your offlce at any time to do private
bookkeeping. Box 265, Call.
SITUATION by young man taking • care ¦ of
horses, cow, garden; good driver; handy. with
tools. Box 266, Call. ' T
A BREAD and cake baker wants situation; In-
stitution or country shop preferred. J. FITZ-
PATRICK, Hobson House, 417 Kearny st. \
YOUNG man, experienced bookkeeper, collector
and good penman, desires employment; mod-
erate ealary; bond. Box 249, Call. - . vr
AN experienced and practical farmer wishes
care of stock or. grain ranch; highest refer-
ences; small, salary. . 1947 .O'Farrell st. , ..... .
COMPOSITOR, all around, desires ¦ situation;
city or country. Address R. X., Call offlce.
GARDENER, competent and ' reliable, wants
situation. Please address box 268, j Call. g
WANTED— Situation on' ranch by young mar-
ried couple; wife good cook; man is . experi-
enced In handling stock and general ranch'
¦ work; good references. Address box 234. Call.
YOUNG- man wishes position of any kind in T a
wholesale or retail Jjouse; city or country;
references. Box 244, Call office.'
SOBER young German would like a position in
country to drive milk wagon.., Box 241. Call.-
RESPECTABLE young man wishes position as
collector; cash security, and references given;
horse and buggy furnished if desired. ¦' Box 238,
Call offlce. • - y ¦ '.. ,•:-.-.
MIDDLE-AGED man - familiar with the city
. wants to drive , and : care for 1 . or 2 ¦ horses.
Box 243, Call. ' '/. - ¦ ' . -" .- . .
SHOEMAKER, steady' "and competent man,
wants position; mountain or coast town pre-
ferred. Address ¦ J. K. , care ¦ Call offlce. \ ¦
SOBER elderly man wants' work private: fam-
ily; used to horses, garden, cook, baker; -use-
ful in general; references; wages* no 'object.
. Box 2308, Call offlce, Oakland.; . _ . *;
WANTED ¦•by trustworthy man, • position as
.night. or. day watchman. . with good city ref-
erences. - Box 223, Call. : ¦ "-^'j^SaSHS^KStrvT^ 5 !^
MAN wishes a position. in hotel or store; Is a
good cabinetmaker; non-union man. Box 190,
Call office. ' ,[ .-.-¦: . > •' , .-- .•..,,
4 JAPANESE, good, experienced boys,', want to
' do housework, cook, wait • at ; table or porter
work in saloon. 333 Eddy st. .
wasted— male. ¦
MAN and wife ' wants position together In
.flrst-class' country - hotel ; man as manager,
clerk, or bartender; is a first-class mixer;
wife as ' housekeeper, ¦ waitress . or ' chamber-
maid; both, thoroughly experienced In hotel
business;; ¦ first-class references. " Address
. P. O. box 574, Oakland, Cal.
YOUNG man,, well educated in German and
English, desires position: best of references
and recommendations' given; country - pre-
f erred. Box 184. Call office. :
INDUSTRIOUS gardener desires situation; pri-
vate residence; the care of flowers, lawn, veg-
etables, horses and milk: useful and obliging;
city or country. Box 198, Call office. - * ¦ .
WANTED by a first-class baker— A position in
country; working alone preferred. Address
box S3. Call office.
COOK— A middle aged man would like to get
a place to do plain cooking In a. small coun-
try town. Please address Cook, 649 Howard.
A RELIABLE young man, liberally educated,
desires profitable employment. Box 224. Call.
JAPANESE faithful boy wants to work in store
or office; best reference.- Box 119, Call office.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencla st. . '
FEATHERS RENOVATED. _ _
FEATHER' pillows & mattresses steamed, reno-
vated. E.J.O'Rourke.1393 Valencia;tel.Capp 26S2.
. KINANCIA-..
PACIFIC Coast Underwriting Co. (Inc.)— We
have 42 offices in operation; new method of
• ' placing stocks and bonds; companies incor-
porated; stocks and bonds underwritten. Call
or address 'main office. 507-8-9 Parrott bldg.
FLATS TO LET.
LOWER and middle flats, 6 large rooms and
bath; upper 10; beautiful grounds, keeping no
expense to tenants; completed Sent. 20; bay-
windows In every rm. NW. cor. Portola and
Duboce Pk.,.off Waller, bet. Pierce & Steiner.
FINE corner flat, 6 front rooms; gas fixtures,,
etc. ; $16 50 with water and ashman. Corner
Harrison and Oak Grove ave., bet. Cth & 6th.
ELEGANT new flat, 6 rooms; every room sun-
. ny and facing, park; Ellis car line; reason-
able. - 402 Cole St., corner Oak.
COLE, 769-771, bet. Beulah and Frederick sU.—
' Fine new sunny flats, 7 rooms and bath;
rent reasonable.
O'FARRELL, 1933— Modern flat, 6 rooms, bath,->
basement, yard; reasonable to good tenant.
NINETEENTH. 4052, near Castro— Sunny cor-
! ner; modern flat; S rooms and bith. '
$13— LOWER flat 4 clean rooms and hall; yard.
430 Seventh St., near Harrison.
FLAT of 6 rooms and bath; range; $10. Jersey
and Sanchez.
FURNITURE of 8-room flat for sale; flat to
rent cheap. 1620 Polk St. ¦
A CLEAN, sunny, newly papered; 1 month
260 Tehama st., near Third.
ALPINE, 173— New upper flat, 8 rooms, bath;
all modern lmprovm'ts; sun every room; $25.
NEW sunny upper flat; 6 rooms. 407 Grove st.
STEVKNSON, 413, near Fifth— Upper flat, S
rooms; rent $13; water free.
TO let— A flat of 6 rooms and bath at 1937 Ma*
son st.
KLATS TO LET FURNISHED.
CLAYTON, 764— Completely furnished sunny
upper flat of 7, rooms and bath; close to park;
rent $40. LYON & H0AG.M14 Montgomery.
FRAMES AND PICTURES.
CLYDE L. KELLER. 12S-130 Hayes. nr.V. Ness—
Stylish effects; High-grade work: Lowest prices.
FUKSITURE FOR SALE.
$17 CO— SOLID oak bedroom set ; plate mirror.
$1— Solid oak chair; factory price.
$2— Enamel beds, all sizes. Tel. Folsom 1328.
.Searey's Credit House, 1429 Mission, nr. 10th.
4. ROOMS furnished in oak. $48 50, with No. 7
range. King Furniture Co., 1127-1131 Market.
Will furnish your house' on monthly payments.
A. B. Smith Furniture Co.. 128 & 132 Ellis.
FURNITURE AVANTED.
CAL. -Auction Co., 1462 Market— Buys furniture,
merchandise, etc. ; phone Jessie 2071.
Auctioneer; W. P. Beauchamp, 2 Golden . Gate
ave.; tel. .Jessie 126; furniture, mdse., bought.
A. L. Storrs, ' 130 Golden Gate ave. ; tel. Jessie
141H; highest price paid for furniture, carpets.
TEL. Jessie 761 before selling furniture, car-
pets, pianos, etc. CHAS. LEVY, 1135 Market.
A. WOLLPERT, 773 Mission St., pays highest
¦ price for second-hand furniture: tel. Red 1354.
GLOVES.
D. & F. new (1 glove, retailed at factory price;
warranted: kept in repair. 121 Grant ave.
IIELI* WASTED FEMALE.^
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S...... Tel. Grant 1S5
A— 3. head waitresses, city and country $30
'AVaitress, south, fare advanced $25
"Waitress, Marysville - *20
Waitress, Suusalito $20
Waitress, Red Bluff, arm work.. |20
Waitress, Watsonvllle ..$20
2 waitresses, Napa
Waitress, AntiocJi $25
25 waitresses, city and commercial hotels
'. $20 and $25
FAMILY DEPARTMENT
Cook3. housegirls, second girls," nursegirls can
secure positions by applying to
C. R. HANSEN & CO 104 Geary St.
A— COOK, private boarding-house, $30, v city.
C. R. HANSEN & CO.: 104 Geary st.
A -MRS. M. E. DAY & CO Phone Main 1575
HOTEL DEPARTMENT.
"Waitresses for first-class city and country
hotels, $20 and $25; restaurant waitress, $7
and $8; 4 chambermaids, to wait, $20; woman
cook, $8 .week, no Sunday work.
• FAMILY DEPARTMENT. .
Cook, 2 in family, $30; waitress, $25: 2 sec-
ond girls, $20; German upstairs girl, $20;
many choice - places for cooking and house-
. work, best wases.
•MRS. M. E. DAY &.CO 335 Geary st.
"WANTED — Cook for students' club, $25; laun-
drcsa, $30, private family; cook, 3 In family,
' $30; second girl, $25, Menlo Park; hotel cook,
$35; 4 cooks, plain wash, $SC; housework, 2 in
family, $25, San Rafael: parlor maid and
waitress, $25; '4 second girls, $20, $25; cham-
bermaid and waitress, $25. J. F. CROSETT
& CO.. 316 Sutter st.
WANTED— Experienced wrapper for delivery
department. Apply at HALE BROS.' before
11 a. m. . .
WANTED — Young lady who is an experienced
wrapper. Apply at HALE BROS.' before 11
a. tn. A • - '
WAN "ED — An experienced art goods saleslady;
one who understands stamping. Apply at
HALE BROS., before 11. a. m.
WANTED for the city— An Intelligent, refined,
middle-aged woman to act as governess ' for
two children; one with knowledge of music
¦ and languages preferred; references required.
Box 256, Call. "
MIDDLE-AGED woman to assist in light
.housework; no Infants; washing given out; a
good home in Alameda; wages $10. Box 261,
Call. - .--.¦¦ ¦ ¦ ¦ -
WANTED— Experienced girl to fit gloves. Ap-
ply this morning before 11 to superintendent,
The Emporium. 7 . ¦ __^
WANTED — Girl : to do general housework' and
cooking in Bakersfleld; wages $25. Call 1810
Bush St., morning.
WANTED— Young , lady to be developed as a
medium ; willing to travel when taught. Box
.195, Call -office. < ' . ; -' ...-¦'
WANTED— American lady understanding mu-
sic and educated;' no incumbrance. •.". Rooms
24-and 26, 1382 ¦ Market St. , * -
SALESLADY ¦ for dry and • fancy goods store;
reference , and experience necessary. 1400
Stockton st. - •-•¦':•¦••
FINISHERS on 1 ladies' tailormade Jackets.
Call at M. ROTHSCHILD'S, 526 Sutter st.
GIRL for cooking and general housework. Ap-
* ply between hours 9 and 2,' 2422, Clay: st. .
WANTED — Second -girl; ' light ; work. Apply
2416 Webster st.-. -. ¦
GIRL, to caro take of baby and- assist in light
housework.' 1629 Golden Gate ave. -
GIRLS wanted." 520 Market at. -
YOUNG girl I or* elderly woman; '• light house-
work. 1122 Pacific st. ¦ .'- ..-¦¦
WANTED— First-class dressmaker: good opera-
tor. MRS. LIZZIE ESTSS, 209 Turk st. .
WANTED— Chambermaid at 131'Fourth st.
WAITRESS wanted. Central Restaurant. 1191*
.. , Maiket'st..;/ ;•..;...'"... ' •' ' ' . ¦_ ' ¦'
WANTEDj-^Errand girl to dressmaker. Call at
14 Grant ave., , room 1 63. =
AMATEUR singers wanted.' Apply at Chutes
, at ¦ 6 p. m. this ¦ evening. . '. ; ..
¦A GIRL wanted for general housework; must-
, be a good cook. Apply 2604 California «t. .--•
WANTED^-FIrst-cIass ladles' hairdresser (col-
V ored preferred); -V Apply at 322 . Ellis st. *.
GIRL wanted for general housework and cook-
:ing. ' Call before 2 p. m.ri 411 Golden Gate ave.'
,WANTED-^A chambermaid >; at i the Manhattan
¦ House. 825 Battery, st. /
UV;: hospitals. wFj
MENTAL & nervous disease* cared for at San
Elmo Hospital. 230 Douglass St.. San Fran.
HOUSES TO LET." - V
A— PRINTED list houses to let: send for clr-
cular. G. H. UMBSEX & CO.. 14 Montgomety.
JONES, 1S09— House, 8 rooms and. bath; good
marine view. •
HOUSES TO LOST FUItXISHED..
HOUSE of 10 rooms, partly furnished: furnace;
rent $35. 1717 Webster St.. near Bush.
LOST AND FOi'XO.
LOST or "strayed— From 2213 Broadway, white
fox terrier bitch; left eye black. Finder will
be rewarded by communicating to above ad-
dress.
LOST— Bay mare, between Colma and Mission
Rock. Return to Black Hawk Stables, 10_5
Valencia st.; reward.
LOST— Coat. Monday, near Twelfth and Fol-
som, containing pecketbook. lOi Twelfth St.;
reward.
LOST— Passbook of Hlbernia Bank bearing name
of BARTLETT S. MORRISSEY. Return to
bank.
LOST— An Irish setter Lost Sunday; liberal re-
ward. Return to 3550 Twenty-second st.
LOST— White ball terrier. Return 111 Eddy st *
reward. . *
LOST— A passbook with the Hlbernia Savings
and LoanSoclety of San Francisco. In tha
name of DORA MARSHALL. No. 23D-13U The
finder will please return to bank.
IT will pay to "Remember" that the Califor-
nia Watch Case Co.. 220 Sutter st.. needs old
gold and silver to make new watch cases. -
MATRIMONIAL^ /
GENTLEMEN wishing to marry~weaithyTadiea
send 10c for latest list. Mrs. Hertz. 7C6 KUl>rf
MATTRESSES AND PILLOWS. J
TO order, also cleaned and sterilized, upnol-
etery; Al carpet cleaning; honest work guar-
anteed. HOPKE BROS.. 411 to 413 Powell st. ;
tel. Bush 421.
MEDICAL.
DR. O'DONNELL— All who are stele and In
trouble call and consult the specialise. My
medicines have been used for many years by
thousands; the unfortunate helped : relief In
all cases taken: the most obstinate case*
have been relieved by my treatment*; fr-*>
confidential advice on all subjects of a deli ¦
cate nature: all classes of female complaints
treated; relief to the longest cases. DR. O.
W. O'PONNELU 101S Market St.. opp. 3th.
RETURNED '.
MRS. DAVIES has returned front her vaca-
tion and will bo pleased to. see her friends at
the old number, 1223 Market st.
HINDOOHERB AND MRS. DAVIES' original
-method of treatment; maternity horn*; home
in confinement. 1128 Market St.. S. F.
DR. TALCOTT & CO.— Practice confined to
weaknesses and diseases of men only. 997
Market st., corner Sixth; entire upper floor.
MRS. D. ALLEN, 1113 Market— Reliable la-
dles* specialist: a prlv. home before and >liir-
lng confinement; best medical caro; low fees.
MRS. r>. KOHL, -ladles' specialist, removed
from Market st. to 410 O'Farrell st.
MRS. D. WYETH'S Maternity Home removed
from Post to 410 O'Farrell st.. n^ar Taylor.
MISCELLANEOUS FOR SALES.
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery. ¦ Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 135-137 Fremont gt.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, restaurant and po-
ker tables, barroom chairs, linoleum, new ani
second-hand: we always have a large stnek of
saloon outfits on band; 32 complete outfits on
one floor, ready made; we can ship everything
In 24 hours. J. NOONAN, 1017, 101D, 1021, 102/
Mission st.. above Sixth: write for catalogue.
30-H.P. boiler and 23-H.P. engine complete.. *3ni>
20-H.P. boiler and 15-H.P.englne complete.$2-"J>
10-H.P. boiler and 8-H.P. engine complete.|125
6-H.P. boiler and 4-H.P. engine complete.. $3)
Also pipe, fittinss. etc. H. S. WHITE. 519
Mission st.
MISFIT parlors (upstairs), 23 Stockton, rents
full dress. Tuxedo, Prince Albert or mourn-
ers' black suits for $2 50: misfit tailor-made
suits and Raglans for sale and to rent; a bis
stoek of travelers' samples in trunks, valise.-i
and full dress reasonable.
1 Graphophones, Phonographs, GramopHones, $5 tn
$150; easy terms; children's toy graphophones.
$1 50; 2d-hand Phonographs. Gramophones very
cheap. Columbia Phonograph Co.. _S Geary.
A — BUYS, sells or rents gear, machinery, en- .
—glnes,- boilers, -water pipes,- shafting, -puilers 1 ,
etc. WHITELAW, 253-255 Spear «t. *¦
FOR sale — Thoroughbred Great Dane • pups.
MRS. DICKERSON, Caledonian and Eastern.
Sausalito, Cal.
FOR sale— Horse and phfeton for family or
doctor. Call morning at drug store, 1044 Va-
lencia st.
AS UNCLE HARRIS has retired front business.
Information about articles left with him can
be had at 14 Grant ave., room 23, 11 to 1 p. m.
NEW or 2d-hand clothing, shoes, tools, metals,
jewelry bought, sold, exch.; 1 4-H.P. Covey;
1 2%-H.P. Hercules: gasoline, eng-. 910 Kearny.
1901 COLUMBIA, Rambler, Snell, Orient and
other second-hand bicycles cheap; send for
list. LEAVITT & BILL. 309 Larkin st.
FINE counter, 60 feet. In four parts; suitable
for office, store, bank or *bar. L. & >' II.
* ALEXANDER, 110 Montgomery st- '
A— $3 £0 DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 73. Pop-
ular Price Hatters, 330 Kearny st.. near Pine.
FINE suits, $10; dress pants. $2 73. MISFIT
¦ CLOTHING PARLORS, 437 Montgomery st.
SAFE. 3%x5%x2 ft 10% in. deep, with eteei
chest. Box 239, Call office.
LIGHT wagon, horse and harness, 2 incuba-
tors. 2 brooders. 1157 Thirty-flfth ave.. South.
SAFES— New and second-hand. THE HER^
MAX SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st.
PRINTERS— A fine tapeless 32x46 plate distri-
butlon drum cylinder. Box 1S6. Call office.
PHOTO bargain list No. 17 now ready for
mailing. 109 Montgomery at. ¦
BRITANXICA. genuine v Scribner, 25 vols..
sheep, $1 75. Rm. 7S, Hoter St. Denis, 24 Turk.
TWO rare old masterpieces, oil paintings: Cer-
Icz and Maco; $75. Address box 3417, Call.
BAR outfits, showcases: all lengths and sizes!
JACOB SCHWERDT, 821 Mission st.
'NEW White and Wheeler Wlison, drop-head
sewing machine cheap. 1915 Mission, nr. 15th.
GASOLINE engines, all sizes, ne-w and second
hantt. J. F.. DOAK. 511 Mission st.
DIAMONDS, watches, jewelry: cash or isstall-
men,tj. Theo. Fershtand. 126 Kearny. r. 23.
FIRST-CLASS second-hand modern engines and
boilers bought and sold. KROGH-MFG. CO.
2D-HAND machinery of all kinds bought, sold.
rent»3. exchanged. H. S. White. 51S Mission.
ENGINES and boilers; second-hand machin-
ery. J. BURKE, 139 Beale st.
FAIRBANKS' 10-ton hay scale; jeweler's steel-
llned »afe. perfect order. 216 California st.
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2rJ-hand moving pic-
tnres. BULLARD & BRECK. 131 Post st.
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
ALL stamped check3 bought: documentary and
proprietary stamps. 1008 Call building.
WANTED— At once, old sealskins; will pay
highest cash prices. Box 97. Call office. J
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing anST.
theatrical goods. 154 9th st. ; tel. Folaom 2523.
MONEY TO~ LOAN.
AA— MANHATTAN LOAN. COMPANY^ """"""
$30O.CCO at 6 per cent in sums to suit. City and
Oakland, town and country property; second
mortgages, life Insurance & securities. Loans
on unsettled estates, undivided Interests in
real estate and legacies. We will purchase any
of above securities. Tel. Red 5024. MA \HAT-
TAN LOAN CO.. 7th floor. Crocker bldg?
ANY AMOUNT AT 6 PER CENT.. ~~"
First, second and third' mortgages ....'.
Undivided interest in real estate In* probate!!
Mortgages and legacies bought- no delay
Get my terms before doing business elsewhe're-
R. McCOLGAN . .
•' -* Montgomery st.. room 3
H ™!ft_? a P2 PHT - 603 Examiner builcJing-
$0,000,000 at 6% or less In- large- sums; loans
on second mortgages, estates, etc.; financial
problems of all sorts and sizes If your prop-
erty xi!.5\ < i I K ag , etl an<3 you "eed wore money
see HERMAN MURPHY. 60S Examiner bidg.
ANY proposition, any amount; 6 per cent: first,
second mortgages, estates in probate, interest
in estates, legacies, undivided interests, secu-
rities, manufacturing, mercantile -and timber
interests; corporation loans. R. 16. first floor.
Chronicle building. GEORGE E* OLSEN.
ANY proposition; any amount: 6 per cent, on
mortgages, estates, undivided interests: chat-
» e i "^ort^^ 8 - etc. D. J. HALLORAN.
Adams building. 206 Kearny at., room 314.
HIGHLY respectable, private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds, jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. W6 Market
St.; tel. Main 1644. Branch 13 Third St.
REL7.ABLE corporation, established 1S63. proper
place to borrow- money on diamonds. Jewelry.
Pianos and sealskins at lowest rate of Interest.
9 Grant ave.. near Market St.; tel. Black 5471A
MUNICIPAL Loan Office 103 Grant ave.. nea*
Geary st. ; phone Red 1603.
ON real estate, 1st or 2nd mortgages & on furni-
ture or pianos without removal; any amount:
lowest rates. Becker & Co.. 26 Montgomery,
HELP \VAXTED-—MALE---Cbn. .;
MEN WANTED IMMEDIATELY. * • ¦ "'
Carpenters,
Experienced Piledriver Hands.
Experienced Raftsmen,
For work in this city at China Basin, Fotrero
and for various jobs along the -water front.
Also for work at Mare Island and Hunter*
Point drydocks.
Steady work at regular wages.
We are starting new Jobs daily, ana will
put on all competent men applying at onct
BRIDGE AND WHARF BUILDERS' EM-
PLOYERS' ASSN., "
Room 15, 4 California st.
WANTED— Strevedores. seamen, firemen, coal-
passers, cooks and waiters; good wages; per-
fect protection afforded on Broadway wharf,
where employes are boarded and lodged on
steamer lying alongside; men working for
the company and giving satisfaction at tnls
time will be given preference fn future. Ap-
ply to Pacific Coast Steamship Company,
Broadway wharf, San Francisco.
10CO MEN wanted— Sailors, stevedores, firemen,
laborers; steady employment; good wages.
Lumber Dealers' Association, 203 Examiner
building. - '
MAN to help In clean, pleasant business. 9 a.
m. to a p. in., $15 to $18 per week; must have
. $75 and be ready to go to work at once. Calif.
Business Exchange. 78 Third St.. room 2.
MARINE firemen, lumber stevedores, sailors;
non-union; no office fees. Mechanics' Regis-
tration Bureau, 410 Kearny st. room 24.
WANTED— Strong young man to assist In par-
cel department; state age and references In
application. Box 258, Call office.
COATMAKERS and bushelmen for counfty.
Apply REISS BROS. & CO.. 24 Sutter st.
WANTED- Boy about 15. SAHLEIN'S Bon
Ton Millinery. 873 Market st.
WANTED— Cooks, waiters, porters, dlshwash-
ers and kitchen help: no fee. 127 Maaon st.
COATMAKER wanted to work In store. 30S8
Twenty-fourth st.
WANTED— Plumber's helper at CHARLES
MEEHAN'S, 642 Sacramento Bt.
WANTED— A young man to assist wait at
table. 211 Grant ave.
WANTED— Dishwasher at 135 Powell St.:
wages $15. >
WANTED— Good bootblack. 84 Fourth j st. ;
barber shop.
ERRAND boy wanted. Call at 837 Broadway,
Oakland, bet. 1 and 2 p. m.
DISHWASHER in a restaurant. 1739J4 Mi»-
slon st.
WANTED— Salesman with some knowledge of
electrical supplies. Address box 257, Call.
WANTED — Cash boy. 14 years of age or over.
Address box 192, Call office.
CYLINDER press feeder. 520 Market st. .
WANTED — Thoroughly competent and expe-
rienced drapery hanger. Box 263, Call office.
FURNITURE packer or porter wanted, sii
and 340 Post st.
GORDON press feeder wanted. FRETYGANG-
LEARY CO.. 113 Davis st. ¦
UNION barber wanted; must be good; steady
Job. 556 Fourth st.
BARBER wanted for Wednesday, Saturday and
Sunday. 122 Third st. •
A THOROUGH watchmaker with complete set
Of tools. 25 Stockton st.
STEADY, -willing boy to learn trade; good op-
portunity. Carscn Glove Co., 35 Market st.
CHINESE or Japanese for housework; wages
$25. 1511 Central ave., Alameda.
1000 MEN wanted — Rock drillers, tunnel, brush
and shovel men to -.vork on ditch line being
constructed for the Sweepstake Mining Co.
near Weaverville. Trinity Co.. Cal.; apply on
work; steady work, good board and best
wages In State. San Francisco Construction
Co., 26 Montgomery St.. room 25, San Fran-
cisco. Cal.
WANTED— Recruits for the marine . corps. U.
¦-S. navy; able-bodied, unmarried men of good
character, between the ages of 21 and 35; not
less than 5 feet 4 inches and not over 6 feet 1
inch; able to speak and read English. For
further information apply at the Recruiting
office. 40 Ellis st.. San Francisco.
MEN to learn barber trade; only requires eight
weeks: positions secured at $60 monthly;
special Inducements this month: write at
once for free catalogue. MOLER BARBER
COLLEGE. 635 Clay st.
BRIGHT boy, age 16-18; one wfts has some ex-
perience in the men's furnishing goods line
. preferred: steady place. Apply bet. 10-12
a. m.. SCHOEXFELD'S. Market st-. opp. 7th.
WANTED— 250 able-bodied men. ex-soldiers or
marines preferred: bring discharges or recom-
mendations. Apply room 10, 325 Montgomery
st. ; wages $3 per day and bonus.
WANTED — Apprentice boy for country news-
paper office; one who has already set type
preferred. Address Index Tribune, Sonoma,
Cal.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to kno—
that Ed Rolkin, Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 217 Third St.; 150 large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
DRAUGHTSMAN, practical man; one with
technical education preferred; state expe-
rience. Box 239, Call office.
BOY about 16 years old to learn a trade. Apply
Supt. Thomas Day Co., 725 Mission st.
GET your shoes half -soled while waiting; 25c
to 50c. 563 Mission St., bet. . 1st and 2d sts.
WANTED— Cashboy 14 years of age or over.
Apply at HALE BROS.' before 11 a. m.
WANTED — Grocery clerk that understands
bar. Call after 10 a. m.. 1740 Eddy st.
WANTED— Driver for bottling Co.; must have
' $500 cash. Box 226, Call office.
WANTED — Barber; steady work. 315 Kearny
street. ...
WANTED— A driver for milk wagon. 1421 Bu-
chanan st.
WANTED — First-class cutter by merchant tai-
lor at Los Angeles. Address box 242, Call.
WANTED— A boy about 16 years old in con-
fectionery. 1503 Geary st.
WANTED— Young man with little cash. $35 and
found;, no experience. Restaurant, 496 Fourth.
ALL. sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 563 Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
FOR sale — First-class hotel barber shop In
mountain town. H. BERNARD, 104 Seventh.
ROCK drillers and quarrymen. Apply 232
Montgomery st.
WANTED — A man that understands nursery
work and floral business. Call 500 Haight st.
McDONALD & PERRY have 500 pairs second-
hand shoes for sale: 50c up. 241 Third st.
100 ORDINARY teamsters. ' Apply at 232 Mont-
gomery st •
2 FIRST-CLASS cabinet-makers on wood man-
tels. MANGRUM & OTTER. 581 Market st.
YOUNG man to do janitor work for tuition In
San Francisco Barber School; 741A Howard st.
WANTED— 500 men to buy new and 2d-hand
army shoes. $1 up; soling 20c up. 923 Howard.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st. near Mar-
ket— 700 rooms, 25c night: reading rooms; free
- 'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore gt.
• " HOHSES MD -WAGONS. ¦
H. BRANDENSTEIN & CO. has removed from i
631 Mission st. to 819 Folsom st.. with an as-
. sortment of sale horses; also livery and board-
ing; new boarders solicited. WM. HELLIER.
. ' H. BRANDENSTEIN.
40 HORSES for sale: also wagons, buggies
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market
327 Sixth st.; auction sales every Wednesday
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
GOOD horse, harness and wagon and light
camping or hunting outfit. $10; -guns, am-
munition and hunting dog if wanted. 286
Stevenson st., room H, call 12 m.
ONE black road teami one carriage team, one
' fast road team. " 721 . Howard st. - *
FOR, sale — Handsome English .dog cart. Ad-
dress box 231, Call office.
A BARGAIN in goc*« carriage, saddle, business
. and road horses. . DALZIEL. 605 G. G. ave.
FINE family horse for sale; 5 years old; cheaD
• Call at 823 Folsom st.
150 HEAD stock horses for sale. A. M. SCOTT
& CO.. 35 Pore St.. ; S. F.
FOR sale— Pair of stylish dapple gray carriage
horses; French stock. Box 68, Call office.
CHEAP— New panel body delivery, 1 laundry 1
. baker's. 1 shoe. 1 grocery wagon. 828 Harrison.
BOYCOTT the ROBERTS Harness and Wagon
Co.; he sells too cheap. 64 Eighth st.
ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, harness
:etc. cheap. EQAN & SON. 2117 Mission st. '
AN A No. 1 express * wagon, single : also light
camping wagon for sale, cheap. 532 Mission.
SAX FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of The Sari Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets ;' open
until 12 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— 527 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 p. m,
200 Hayes etreet: open until 9:30 p. m.
C39 McAllister street; open until 9:30 p. m.
615 Larkin etreet; open until 9:30 p. m.
19il Mission street; open until 10 p. m. *
2261 Market Etreet, corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 p. m. '•'.- ¦'.'.¦-:
106 Eleventh etreet: open until t p. m..
1096 Valencia street; open until 9 p. m.
Northwest corner Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky 6treets; open until 9 p. m.
2200 Flllmore street: open' until 9 p. m.-
MEETIXC NOTICES.
MOUNT Moriah Lodge No. 44, F. and A, m
M.— Called meeting THIS (WEDNES- _i%
DAY) EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock. t*»c- xLX
ond degree. THEO. FROLICH. Sec. /V <
CROCKETT Lodge No. 139, F. and A, m
M.— D 1st this Sept. IL et 7:30 p. m. .__%_
By order of the W. M. . jC_T
H. FORTRIEPE. Sec. /V>
EXCELSIOR Lodge No. 166, F. and A. •
M.— Called meeting THIS (WEDNES- _i>
DAY) EVENING, S<>ra. 11, at 7:30 K_5?
o'clock. First decree. / V »
H. J. OWEN. Secretary.
MISSION Lodge No. 169. F. and A. M.— m
Called meeting THIS (WEDNESDAY) J\-
EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock. Second de- /Js_K
gree. R. E. ALLAN. Secretary. '^ '
IVANHOE Lodge No. 6. K. ot,P.. will iff
confer the Kclght Rank (long form), "re*>
WEDNESDAY. September 11. 1901. at tn£>&f
Pythian Cartle, 909% Market st., at ___*=»
S:30 p. m. Members of Bister lodges cordially
Invited. W. S. nAKBRIDGE, C. C.
O. NORCROSS. K. of R. and S.
PYTHIAN day at Sacramento— Special «4£
party excursion, leaving San Fran- 4*J*&
Cisco ? a. m.. Sept. 11: returning,
leave Sacramento Sept 12, S:20 a. m. **2=M^
D. O. K. K. pilgrimage. For further par-
ticulars apply to IL SCHAFFNER, 6 Eddy
rt. (phone Bush €), or E. ULM4.N. 909 Mar-
ket et. (phone South 372) not later than 9th
Inst.
VALLEY Lodge Nq. SO. A. O. U. W.. .fRjjv,
Instituted April 24, 1878. meets THIS £&*%£
(WEDNESDAY) EVENING at 8 ttSSJ
o'clock. In Pioneer Hall, 24 Fourth C«K*
rt. AH members of the order are cordially
invited to attend. F. W. HARRIS, M. W.
THOS. H. LORD. Recorder.
NATIONAL UNION, Call- _y*~3OT_^_v
(ornia Council, me'ti
TO-NIGHT et Pioneer CW
Hall, Fourth street, at
S o'clock (in its new hall). Visiting friends
cordially invited. By order
W. A. S. NICHOLSON. President.
C. H. VAN ORDEN. Secretary.
MARINE Engineers' Beneficial Association No.
85— Members will please assemble at reading-
rooms at 12 noon to attend funeral of ex-
Treasurer Brother FREDERICK NIXON.
J. R. FLOUD, President.
WM. WAXN. Secretary. .
ADOPTION.
CTRL find boy baby for adoption. MRS. DR.
• FUNKE. 14H Eighth rt.. Alameda.
AGENTS AVANTED.
ft TO $5 per day easily made for the next 90
<Jay« selling an attractive line of holiday
roods. For full particulars send name and ad-
dress to ALBERT DESPRES. Star bldg., Chl-
csgo. 111.
ASPHALTUM IIOOKIXG.
J. PELTIER, asphalt roofing, sidewalks re-
paired; postal. 11S6 Mission; tel. Folsom 2477.
ATTORXEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free — Divorces a specialty; quick;
quiet; no charge without success; collections,
wills deeds etc., prepared: charge low; estb.
16 years. Atty. G. W. HOWE, 850 Market Ft.
ADVICE free ;divorces private; bankruptcy col-
lections ;attachments; mortgages ;bills of pale;
partnerships ;deeds; wills drawn ;fees lo~;open,
«>ve's. THURSTON. lOOS^s Mkt.. r. 4,' op. Sth.
ADVICE free; open eve.; moderate fee if suc-
cessful. EDW. R. SHIRRAN. S27 Market st.
LEW B. DOUGLASS. 397 Parrott bldg —Bank- :
ruptcy. estates, general practice;- mod. fees.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON, S27 Market St., opp. Mason.
L. S. CLARK. Emma Spreckels bldg., 927 Mar-
ket St.; consultation free; no fees In advance.
BOOKS NEW A\D OLD.
BRITANNICA, Peale's, 25 vols.. cloth, at 60c.
Room 76, Hotel St. Denis. 24 Turk st.
BOOKS of every kind bought. Tel. Red, 29M.
HOLMES BOOK CO., 704-706-708 Mission st.
BOARDING FOR CHILDREN.
GOOD home for children; $S up; near school.
2127 Prince St., Berkeley.
2 OR 3 children to board; good home & moth-
er's care; $10 up; sunny yard. 1C07 California.
BUREAU TRUNKS.
JiSK. to se« Lundbeck's improved drawer
trunk; at all dealers or factory. 826 Howard.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
A— $430; GOOD-PAYING saloon, close to the
water front; rent $25; must be sold at once
as owner is compelled to return to Michigan.
Call R. G. WILXE, 26^ Kearny st.
A— $400; ERANCH bakery, delicacy store, with
4 furnished rooms; rent $20: very best location
on Fillmore St.. and good paying. Call R. G.
' WILKE. 26^ Kearny st. -
A— $600; CIGAR store; rent $20; very best stand
on Kearny st. ; owner must leave for Fresno;
value in sight. Call R. G. WILKE. 26«i
Kearry st. '
A— $400; DAIRY and produce store with horse
and wagon; 3 living rooms; place established
£ years; doing good business. Call R. G.
• WILKE, 26V4 Kearny Et.
A— $1400; SALOON: choicest location on Market
Et.; net rent $S0; fine fixtures and good pay-
Ing business; investigate at once; a splendid
fend rare chance. Call R. G. WILKE, 26>i
Kearny Et. .
A— $3000; CORNER saloon with lunchroom on
Market st.; a first-class place; owner sick in
the country; must sell at once; investigate and
make offer. Call R. G. WILKE, 26% Kearny.
A — $500; CHOP and oyster house on Market St.;
rent $30; daily receipts $30 and above; owner
called East by death. Call R. G. WILKE,
20H Kearny Et.
$550— COFFEE and oyster house; good place for
. man and wife. STRAND & CO.. 209 Kearny.
$350— CORNER saloon; good trade; full value-
rent $30. See STRAND & CO., 209 Kearny st!
S" 00 — DELICACY and grocery store; full value-
3 rooait; rent $17. Strand & Co., 203 Kearny.
$250— PARTNER commission business; can make
$75 month. STPAND & CO.. 209 Kearny st.
$300— PARTNER wanted: light business- must
. be Fteady. reliable .man; satisfied with $15
to $25 a week; no experience required; trial
Ctven before buying. 25 -Geary £t., room 1.
$450— CANDY stand. Etock and fixtures; down-
to— n; snap. RETSLOFF, 906 Market St., r. 12.
C250-PARTNER wanted: *reat chance in a
payicg office. McBRIDE, & CO.. 1016 Market
FIRST-CLASS opportunity for a good reliable
man as partner in old established business or
to take charge of office. Call 311' Broadwav
Oakland. Cal. .
tMO-PARTNER wanted; half interest In store
and manufacturing business; partner handle
money. Particulars 257 Fourth st.
TO let-Butter and egg staTfin Grand Western
Market. 1212 Polk st., J. IL EGGERS.
PROSPECTOR needs backing to uncover rich
quartz ledge. Box 107. Call office.
A— CIGAR Etanfl; different from the rest; al-
ways doing business; fine location; high -class
trade; elegant fixtures; rent very low; owner
rolling account other large Interests; an op-
j-ortunity to buy a Ko. 1 stand at a low
figure; r.o agents. Box 60. Call office. ¦[.-.¦+
FOR rent— Fine place: has been run as a
butcher shop and bakery for 30 years- 4 liv-
ing rooms outside of bakery and butcher
D_RMO r TT. g |a ia c'aL addreSB "' J " Mc '
WANTED immediately— Good business part-
ner with capital to assist patentee financially
with an article of high merit; a big money
making proposition. Box 117. Call office.
$4C0-LAUNDRY route with good horse and
w-a^on; good chance for right man. 3372
Mission. • •_ .-c-.r .,
$C53— FOR 6alfe, a business corner saloon on
Fifth st. Inquire 251 Clara st., city. ,.
FOR SALE— On account of death, a complete
tailor's outfit. Box 116. Call office.
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
11 ROOMS; rent $35; must be sold $400
12 rooms; choice location; rent only $40... 450
7 rooms; nicely furn.; good home 375
10 rooms; good fur., carpets; Bush st 800
<5 rooms; fine sunny corner; central. ..'.. 3700
25 rooms; corner; everything new; snap.. 2500
100 r. ; fine location; good money maker.. 6000
£5000 — 37 rooms; Ellis; clears $200 over all.
$650—14 rooms; O'Farrell; rent $45; bargain.
$500 — 6-room fiat: .grand furniture; rent $25.
' J1100— 17 rooms; money maker; rent $55." •- .
$600 — 8 rooms; now being furnished.-
$2j00— 70 rooms: Ellis;, rare opportunity.
We loan money on anv proposition. DONALD
INVESTMENT CO.. 850 Market ;st.; ¦ .
THE largest and best list of lodging-houses at
our office. McBRIDE & CO., 1016 Market
"«.; opposite Fifth.
LODGINO HOUSES FOR SALE Con.
62-ROOM BAY-WINDOW CORNER HOUSE..
CLEARS $300 EVERY MONTH.. ......
Worth $5000— Price $3000 only. $1000 cash.......
10-room house; fine location ?«Zo
14-room house; good; transient — 600
10 rooms on O'Farrell et *-?
24 rooms on Geary st 1900
100 rooms; clears $350; payments to cult.. 6000
16 rooms; transient; only $400 cash.. 7a0
6-room flat: fine corner ....; •JJj;
36 rooms; on Market st 1900
10 rooms; north of Market st 450
42 rooms; clears every month' $300.. 1600
8 rooms; flat near City Hall 42o
15 rooms; fine corner; clears $80 600
9 rooms; good piano; must sell 42a
48 rooms; hotel and bar 1500
IS rooms; on Sixth St.; clearm $80 800
24 rooms; on Market St.; clears $150 1600
18 rooms; corner; Just like home 1500
10 rooms; on Mason St.; new 750
32 rooms; offices: clears $250.... 8500
21 rooms; $600 cash; balance payments... 1250
FRENCH AND GERMAN SPOKEN.
H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market; tel. Mint 796.
ATTENTION, BUYERS!
OUR MOTTO SQUARE DEALING.
NO TROUBLE ,TO SHOW HQUSES.
Any of the following on monthly payments:
6-room flat, new furniture $325
15 rooms; full of steady roomers 850
14 roams; transient; clears $125 650
17 rooms, $700; 13 rooms : BOO
21 rooms; $5C0 cash, balance payments..;. I00O
SO rooms; rent $100; clears $250 1300
100 rooms; grand corner; clears $400 60C0
25 rooms; on Mission 200
SO-room hotel and bar : 1600
43 rooms; rent $125; clears $150 2350
MONEY LOANED ....Phone John 531
A. H. RETSLOFF. 906 Market, cor. Ellis, r. 12.
A. CAMERON & CO..
£50 Market st, and 8 Stockton St.,
Rooms 21, 22 and 23. Phone Bush 328.
If you have hotel, rooming-house or business
to sell list with us. 5Ve have cash customers
for all sizes and prices. See list of bargains.
! 96 r. ; rent $550; elegant furn.; good locatiqn.
60 r. ; rent $280; country; tran.; pays well. $6500
27 r.; rent $140; oak furn.: Al location... 2200
20 r.; rent $S0; residence loc; apartment. 1100
Money loaned on deferred payments, 1V4 p. c.
14 r. ; rent $40: elegant fur.; boarders... $1000
10 r. ; rent $47 50; oak furn. brussels carp. 650
9 r. ; rent $33; oak furn.; housekeeping... 350
Over SCO houses listed. Call before buying.
WINSTON & WOLF.
1026 Market St.. telephone Jessie 2211.
15 rooms; nicely furnished; snap $1173
29 rooms; pays well; good location 1400
82 rooms; best transient in the city 2200
18 rooms; all on 1 floor; bargain 900
12 rooms; beautiful yard: grand 1500
3 mortgaged house muFt be sold. 1
FISHER & CO., 933 Market, phone Folsom 1592.
34 r $1400 22 r $800 16 r $800
20 r .1150 20 r....; 800 14 r 450
18 r 100O 13 r. 600 12 r 400
15 r 700 8 r 850 10 r 400
8 r ESO 6 r..'... 225 7 r 225
MARION GRIFFIN, 719 Market, rms. 1 and 2,
Near Call bldg. Tel. Black 1803.
Lodging houses and businesses for sale.
1 have 4 salesmen employed. -
THE largest and best list of lodging-houses
and hotels can be found at office of
G. W. SCHWKINHARD, phone Mint 1911,
No. 917 Market' St. (near Fifth *t.)
SPIRITUALISM.
COME & see C. V. Miller's wonderful seances;
Sun., Tue».. Fri.. 8 p. m., BOc; you can speak
to spirit friends face to face, recognize them;
give names; received medals from many
countries; taken last world's record medal
Paris Fair. 1084 Bush St. ; tel. 2275 Larkin
A— Mrs. Dr. Farnham, spiritual medium and
life reader; mining a specialty; dr. Sun., Wed.
and Fri. evenlnpx. 1035 Market st,
CHAS. BROCKWAY, 25c seance Sun.. Tues.
and Thurs., 8 p. m. ; every one gets a test;
private readings dally. 299 Hyde, cor. Eddy.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance, bus, medium;
life reader: medical, clairvoyant: sitting?, $1;
letter. $2. 1164 O'Farrell st.: Ellis car.
MRS. HUBBARD, 109 Oak— Circle Tuesday and
Friday. 8 p. m. ; Wednesday, ladies, 2:30 %>.
m., 10c: meetings daily. 50c.
MOTHER FATMA, materializing seance to-
night. 8 p. m.. 25c 1610 Bush St., nr. Franklin.
FRIENDSHIP Hall. 3S5 McAllister— Mrs. C. J. .
Meyer: sitting* dally: test to al! to-night. 10c.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MME M. BERNARD.
THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, permanently
located at 17 Third St., next Examiner bldg. She
reads your life correctly, gives an accurate de-
scription of the past, reveals the present hap-
penings and portrays events to occur in the fu-
ture. If you are in trouble, discontented, un-
happy or not satisfied in life, or have domes-
tic, love or business troubles, consult this great
medium and you will be told how to overcome
them. Valuable advice in all affairs of. life;
, 25c up; perfect satisfaction guaranteed.
i FREE double tests, ladles free; readings
morning, free lesson; arternoon. full read-
ings; $1 up from 10 to 6: closed Sundays; full
I name; development In 90 days under written
guarantee; proving Franklin's ability as pre-
dicter teacher. 724 Post, 3 doors from Leaven-
worth; no circles; Is spiritualist; Franklin
on doer.
MRS. DR. F. CLARK, the well-known trance
medium, is permanently located at 1206 Mar-
ket st., corner Golden Gate ave., rooms 25 and
26: take elevator. Perfect satisfaction guar-
anteed by mail; send stamp for pamphlet
with special terms. Daily and Sunday.
A— LINCOLN. CLAIRVOYANT.
HIGH PSYCHIST.
The most wonderful clairvoyant on the coast;
he succeeds when others fail; permanently lo-
cated at 125 Turk st. ; readings by malL
MME. ARNDT. the great clairvoyant, tells past,
future; never fails; has the greatest Egyptian
secret; shows pitcure future husband or wife;
fee 25c and up: satlsf action to everybody; open
Sundays; hours 10 to 8 p. m. 215% Sixth st.
MME. MONTAGUE. —
Truthful predictions In all affairs of life;
gives names, facts, figures; gives luck; honest
predictions In love affairs; reunites separated,
not one failure; letters answered. 116 Turk.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader, born with double veil — second sight;
diagnoses disease with life reading; ladles 50c;
gents $1; palm, and clair. sit. $1 50. 126 Turk.
PROF. JOHN J. HULTHEN, clairvoyant,
palmirt and card reader; reveals past, present
and future. 50c. lOO" 1 ,^ Market, near Sixth.
ISMAR, the Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located 1148 Market, or>.
Cth; private readings dally. 10 a. m. to 5 p. m.
MME. LAROSE. best clairvoyant, card reader;
German spoken; 25c up. 777% Market st.,rm.lS.
M. WILLE, crystal ceer, clairvoyant, medium;
sittings, 9 a. m. to 8 p. m. ; 50c. 326A Ellis st.
CLAIRVOYANT card reader from Louisiana;
only lCc;from 1 to 8 p. m. 262 Minna st.,nr. 4th.
MRS.MELVILL. well-known clairvoyant, water
reader. 11 6th;German spoken: tel. Howard 1846.
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant. reader;palmlstry;
truth or no pay; 25c. 1149 Mission, over store.
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant, card reader; ladies
25c, gents*50c; readings daily. 132 Sixth st.
A. L. CARLSON, medium and astrologist. . 148
Sixth st., room- 23.
MME. SCHAFFER. clairvoyant, card reader;
sittings daily. 448% Jessie st, bet. Sth and 6th.
MME RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
advice: names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
CARPET BEATING AND CLEANING.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
Eend to SPAULDING'S pioneer Carpet-beat-
lng Works. 353-357 Tehama st. ; tel - South 40.
AMERICAN Carpet-beating Works-Cleaning,
2c;renovated ;relald. 105 14th st. ; tel. Capp 2542.
CARPETS beaten or laid. 3c per yard. CHAS.
PARRY. 3511% Market at.; phone Mint 1095.
ADVANCE Carpet-cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM & CO.. Prop.
I RUDOLPH, & CO., carpet-beating works; prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison; tel. Mission 263.
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-beating WorksT
£33 Golden Gate ave.: telephone East 126.
CITY St«am Carpet -beating Works. • G. II.
i STEVENS. Mgr.. 38-40 Sth St.; tel. South 250.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet-beating and Reno-
vating Co.. 240 Fourteenth st.: tel. Mission 74.
CHIROPODISTS.. -,
BUNIONS, corns, Ingrown nails, warts: pain-
¦ less cure; guaranteed. Dr. Duncan. 415 Sutter.
PROF.EtraMburger fromN.Y., specialist on feet,
diploma T.P.S.S.N.Y. ; Chronicle big., rm. 76.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE XV. KELLY^S~Agency^No^charge"ui£
Less successful. Room 310. 927 Market st.
DENTISTS.
A— DR. V. S. HI^GINsTl27~Ma7keT~s7re^C
Emma Spreckels building. Reasonable prices
for painless dentistry; pure gold filling $150;
artificial teeth, on plate, look natural and
guaranteed, $5 up: a good .metal plate $15;
gold and porcelain crowm $5 to $10: teeth
without plate; painless extraction.
AT tne ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC, 809 Mar-
ket 6t A cor. 4th. rm. 7, Flood bldg., you can
iiave your ¦ extractions done painlessly- teeth
without plates our specialty; -gold crowns,
$3 oO up; plates, extractions free, $4 50 up; of-
fice hours. -9 a.--m. to 10 p. m.: Sundays, 9 to
2 p.m. J. W. TH/.rCHER, M. -D... Manager.
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, bridges
and fillings; extractions . or fillings by my
wonderful secret, painless method; 20 -years'
experience; no students; .advice free; prices
cheapest and guaranteed;- lady attendants
¦ PR. GEORGE W. LEEK! 20 O'Farrell. st
AT. Ideal Dental Co., 6 Eddy St.— Work done
on weekly installments; lowest rates.
DR. M. A. BROWN; has removed to E4 Sixth
¦¦ St. ; gold crown and bridge work a specialty.
PARIS Dental Parlors; 235 Kearny, cor.- Bufh—
I Full set of teeth, $4; crowns, $3; fillings, 25c.
:* : ,'y: i" -¦¦•¦;.¦•,-•REAIi ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Henry Schultheis to Anna Schultheis, lot on
NW corner of Clay and Polk streets, "W S3:6
by. N 63:1OU: gift.
City and County of San Francisco to Lillie
von der Naillen. lot oh N line of Fulton street.
137:6 W of Franklin, W 3S:9 by N 120; »—.
Ellen M. Mowry to George B. Mowry, lot on
S line of Grove street, 181:3 W of Laguna, W
100 by S 120; also lot on SW corner of Grove
and Laguna streets, W 81:3 by S 120; also lot
on NW corner of Hayes and Laguna. streets.
N 120. W 81:3, S 43. E 50, S 72. E 31:3; also lot
on SW corner of Grove and Buchanan streets.
S 120 by W 118:6; also lot on E line of Powell
street, 77:6 N of Broadway. N 62:2*4 by E 60:
also lot on E line of Montgomery strest. 114:7
S of Union. S 91:8 by.E 91:8; $10.
John E. Medau to Dorothea Katz (wife of
Louis), undivided one-quarter of lot on NW
corner of Ellis and Laguna streets, W 75 by
N 63;'$10.
: Henry D. and Henry M. Hudson to Eveline
R. Mulford, lot on E line of Flllmore street,
82:6 S of Ellis, S 27:6 by E 71; $3000.
John B. Carity to Madelalne Carity, lot on
SE line of Howard street, 375 SW of Fifth. SW
25 by SE 80: also lot on S line of McAllister
.street. 184:6 W of Pierce. W 50 by S 137:6: gift.
- ¦ Andrew V. Smith to- Maria L. Smith, lot on
E line of Howard street, 155 S of Twentieth,
S 50 by -E 122:6; gift.
Jan* Kedlan to Albert H. Quatman, lot on
N line of Nineteenth 'street, 105 W of Mission,
W 25 by N S5; $10.
Frank S. Oliver and I. J. Truman Jr. to
Thomas W. and Christopher C. Rivers, lot on
SW corner of Noe and Henry streets, S 50:6
by W 96; $10.
Jacob and Rosa Stern, Leopold S.", David S.
and Blanche R. Baehman to Owen M. Bren
nan. lot on E line of Stockton street, 47:2 N
of Post. N 23:5% by E 80; $10.
William J. Herrmann to Elizabeth L. Herr
mann, lot on S line of Union street, 110 W of
Taylor, W 27:8 by S 120; gift.
Susan M.. Frederic H. and Genevieve Har
vey to Rosa Constant, lot on S line of Vallejo
street, 82:9 E of Jonea, E 34:9 by S 68:3; $10.
Mary O. Hougaard or Hougard' to Charles
and Mary Balkwell, lot on W line of Hamp
shire street, 175 S of Solano. S. 25 by W 100: $10.
Michael Lydon to Ellen Vogelsang and Mary
A. C. McFeely, lot on E line of Eleventh ave
nue. 275 S of Clement street, S 25 by E 120: $10.
William R. and Amelia S. Stephens to Solo
mon Getz, lot on E line of Thirteenth avenue,
100 N of J street, N 23 by E 120; $10.
! Terence O'Neill to William McCann, lot on
N line of Ney street, 250 E of Congdon, N 110
by E 50, block ll. College Homestead; |3.
Henry G. and Marie Wiegleb to Louise Oil
rich, lot on SW line of Nineteenth avenue, 75
SE of J street, SW 100 by SE 25. block 389.
South San Francisco Homestead and Railroad
Association; $10.
. Builders' Contracts.
Whitney Estate Company (owners) with Rob
ert McKillican (contractor), architect Nathan
iel Blaisdell—AH alterations and additions ex
cept plumbing, gasflttlng, sewering, steam
heating,. vault doors and safes, trimming,
hardware, electric work, oainting, finishing
and tinting,- marble work, stairs and elevator
for 2 additional stories to Starr King building
on S line of Geary street, 137:6 E of Stockton,
E 112:6 by S 137:6: $89,240.
Peter Stelling (owner) with L. G. Bergen
(contractor and architect)—All work for a 3
story frame building (Z Hats) on" lot on E line
of Noe street, 102:6 S of Fourteenth, 25 by 105;
$5870.
Nora-O'Connell (owner), with Amos Dannen
felser and William Lemser (contractors), ar
chitect A. J-. Barnett—All- alterations and ad
ditions to a. 2-story a.n<1 basement frame build
ing on lot on N line of Clementina street, 375
W of Fifth. W 25 by N 75; $2025.
Society of California Pioneers (owners) with
James W. Smith (contractor), architects Shea
. Ar Shea—All work' for a new roof on brick
buildins on lot on NE corner of Gold and
Montgomery streets; $1400.
¦
COMMERCIAL NEWS
Continued From Page Eight.
500 Reed Crude 33
20 San Joaquin Oil & Dev 8 12^
100 Sovereign 23
100 Sterling ' 1 85
200 Sterling 1 32*i
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the sales In the San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
2C0 Andes 0? 100 Ophlr SS
200 Best & Belcher 24 1800 Savage 06
300 Caledonia IS 600 Sierra Nevada. 25
200 Challenge IS 400 Sierra Nevada. 24
200 Con Cal & Va..l 90 250 Silver Hill 36
100 Gould & Curry.' 03 50O Stiver Hill 3T.
200 Hale & Norcrs. 19 1(10 Utah P.1
500 Mexican ..:..:.. 25 100 Yellow Jacket. 13
2C0 Ophlr S7
- . Afternoon Session.
100 Belcher 12 500 Mexican 22
100 Caledonia ...... la ICO Sierra Nevada. 24
- SOOCon Cal & Va..l 85
Following were the sales in the Pacific Stock
Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
700 Best & Belcher 2S 200 Hale & Norcrs. 17
200 Best & Belcher 24 200 Ophir 85
200 Con Cal & V... 2 00 200 Potosi 0*5
50 Con Cal & V.I 97*4 500 Sierra Nevada. 26
60 Confidence 70 500 Silver Hill...... 34
Afternoon Session.
400 Andes 02 500 Potosi Cfi
300 Best & BelcUer 22 60O Sierra Nevada. 24
300 Hale & Norcrs. IS 200 Sierra Nevada. 23
300 Mexican 22 500 Sierra Nevada. 25
100 Ophlr 83 100 Silver Hill 37
100 Ophir 82 750 Union Con 08
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
TUESDAY. Sept. 10-4 p. m.
Bid-Ask. Bid.Ask.
Alpha ..'. 01 02 Justice 03 05
Alta 02 ¦ 05 Kentuck — 02
Andes 01 03 Lady Wa3h 01 —
Belcher 11 12|Mexican 22 23
Best & Belcher 22 23 Occidental 01 0*
Bullion 01 MlOphir 82 S3
Caledonia ...... 15 17 Overman 05 OS
Challenge Con.. 16 IS Potosi C5 03
Chollar 04 OSiSavage 03 05
Confidence 66 69 (Scorpion — 04
Con Cal & Va..l SO 1 85!Seg Belcher.... 02 04
Con Imperial... — Olisterra Nevada. 24 25
Con New York. -*¦ 01;Silver Hill 35 ZS
Crown Point... 04 05|St Louis 06
EurekaCon — 14 —(Standard .......' — 325
Exchequer — : — 02jSyndicate — OS
Gould & Curry. 08 01) Union Con...'... 08 09
Hale & Norcrs. 16 IS Utah 05 OS
Julia ....;.. V.... — Oil Yellow Jacket. 11 12
¦ • - - * ? * :
The person with many talents must re
member that, in such matters of bailment,
where great care is required, one is liable
for even, alight neglect. -
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 11, 1901.
11
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OAKLAXD REAL ESTATE.
$2700— ORIGIN AlT COST $3500/ h ~"~
Almost new 6-room houee; all the latest Im-
provements; lot 50x140; near business center,
cars, schools, etc.; in first-class condition in
every way; owner non-resident and must sell;
no reasonable offer refused; first come, first
served. j. S. MYERS & CO.,
1002 Broadway. Oakland. Cal.
$2500— CORNER LOT, A BEAUTIFUL COT-
TAGE OF 7 ROOMS.
In the very choicest neighborhood in Oak-
land ; owner moved to Los Angeles ; our in-
structions are to sell without reserve within
10 days; see- this property and make an offer.
J. S. MYERS & CO.,
' 1002 Broadway. Oakland, CaL.
$2300— COST TO BUILD HOUSE, $2500.
Lot 40x120; 2-story 7-room house; first-class
condition; Al , neighborhood ; near cars, busi-
ness center; owner In Chicago and has tele-
graphed me to sell this -property at the above
Quoted price. j. s. MYERS & CO.,
¦ 1002 Broadway. Oakland, Cal.
I25f> cash, $6 monthly; lot 43 40-100x403 feet;
grand chicken run; 3-room cottage, chicken
house, sheds and all- fenced; fine well of Al
water; large row of shade trees; near electric
car line and 90-foot boulevard and 3-story pub-
Ho grammar school; soil, climate and view
the very best; no fogs nor cold winds here;
price, all told, $675. Call or send for circular,
455 7th st., opposite Broadway station. Oak-
land; carriage free. H. Z. JONES, ; owner.
HOUSES of every description and price fov
sale or rent. Apply to W. E. BARNARD,
1118 Broadway: telephone Main 10.
OAICLAXD FURNITURE FOR SALE.
AN introduction to you from H. Schellhaas. tns
furniture dealer. 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
ROOMS FOR » HOUSEKEEPING.
BY Friday— Three furnished rooms, complete
for housekeeping; gas, bath and phone; not
to exceed $15; central. Box 264, Call.
CALIFORNIA, 1527— Sunny single and double
housekeeping rooms; gas and bath.
FIFTH, 353— Furnished housekeeping, 3, $20;
also 2. $12; 3. $14; also single. $4. $5 and $6.
FULTON, 1206, near Scott — 3 sunny unfurnished
rooms, bath, laundry; reference.
FOURTH, 108— Nice sunny front suit of rooms
for light housekeeping; private family.
HAIGHT, 232 — Five sunny unfurnished house-
keeping rooms; must be seen to be appre-
ciated; reasonable.
HYDE, 408— Sunny suite complete for house-
keeping, $16; also sunny basement suite, yard,
laundry. $12. " ' • ¦
MCALLISTER, 538— Nicely furnished parlor
suite; sink, gas range, bath, laundry.
MISSION, 1427B— Housekeeping rooms, with
bath. ¦
POLK, 10C2— 3 and 5 room suites, completely
furnished for housekeeping; cheap; reference.
POST. 827— Two sunny rooms complete for
housekeeping, $20; single sunny room, $10.
SOLAR FLATS, 825 Turk— Fine; new; Chicago
style; 1 to 5 room suites for housekeeping;
unfurn. and furnished; electricity; janitor.
STEVENSON, - 519—4 rooms, "completely fur-
nished for housekeeping, for Eale cheap.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions baa been established at 109S
Valencia st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore st.
ROOMS TO LET — Fnrn. and Unfnrn.
AHLBORN HOTEL, 321*Gran t ave. —Best $1 a
day family hotel in -city: polite attendance;
large rooms, 50c up; meals, '25c; free, coach.
A-BRUNSWICK HOUSE, 148 Sixth— Rooms,
ZXc to $1 per night; $1 25 to $5 per week and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
ARGYLE, 234 McAllister— New, elegant, sunny;
grill attached; country visitors find no place
like the Argyle: take McAIllster-st. cars.
AT Shasta House, 246 Third— 200 rooms; newly
renovated; 25c to 75c, $1 to $3 •week.
BACHELOR Hotel, 18 Mason st.— 100 newly fur-
nlshed rooms, $1 50 per week up; elevator,
electric lights in every room, return call bells;
first-class ; quiet: central.
BURNETT, 1426 Market (old No. 1364)— Fur-
nlehed rms., suites, single; also unfurnished.
CALIFORNIA. 1242— An elegant sunny parlor
suite; bay-window: gas fireplace; every con-
venience; . finest location; private family;
gentlemen preferred.
CLAY, 933, near Powell, third fiat— 2 nice front
rooms; good view of bay; couple gentlemen;
German family.
CLIFFORD, J04 Ellis, corner Mason— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
! EIGHTH, 126B— Pleasant front room, $6; also
I back room, $4 60. •
FOLSO1I, 776%— Neatly furnished bay-window
room; every convenience; reasonable.
FOURTH. 225— Nicely furnished front room;
also single rooms.
GEARY, 405. The Navarre — Elegantly furnished
suites and single; travelers accommodated.
GEARY, 1137, bet. Van Ness & Franklin— Newly
furn. sunny rooms, en suite or single; bath.
HARRISON. T84H. near 4th— Finely furnished
rooms; bath; all conveniences; homelike; fl
week up.
HOTEL ST. DENIS (European plan), 24 Turk
Et.. near Market— Central location; new build-
ing; elegantly furnished; strictly first-class;
EOc per day and upward; special rates by the
week or month; best In the city; references;
take Market-st. cable cars to Turk et.
MARKET. 1015 (New Arlington)— Nicely fur-
nlshed rooms, tt a week up; 35c a. day up.
MARTINET. 1101 Geary, one door above' Van
Ness— Suites new fur,: single rooms. $10 up.
MASON, 107 — Sunny front rooms; newly fur-
nished; also housekeeping rooms.
MINNA, 667. corner Eighth— Newly furnished
bay-window room, $1 per week; transient.
O'FARRELL. 20— Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator; elec. lights; day, week, mo.
RAUSCH. 19A— 2 unfurnished rooms and hall,
.newly painted and papered; rent $5.
RESPECTABLE lady wanting nice sunny
room, rent reasonable, apply 1520 Pacific ave.
ROYAL House, 120 Ellis— Incandescent light;
reading-room, smoking-room and ladles' par-
lor; rooms, per night, 35c to $1 50;- week, $2 to
$S; month, $8 to $20; elevator on ground floor;
rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
SHERMAN Apartment House. 28 Eighth St.,
near Market— Furnished or unfurnished.
STOCKTON. S32— Nice sunny clean suites and
single rms.: run. water; baths; phone; cheap.
THE BERLIN. 238 Kearny— Elegant suites;
elngle rooms; running water; transient.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore at.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at' 1096
Valencia st. :yyj
ROOMS AND BOARD.
PLEASANT sunny room and board in private
family fcr 2 gentlemen; home cooking. ' 1508
Leavenworth et.
EDDY. 826- = Newly furnished rooms with board-
pleasant: reasonable.
California, 807— Stevenson mansion; select fam-
ily hotel; exceptional table; attractive rooms.
THE Crocker, 915 Leavenworth"— Fine sunny
rooms, single and en suite; beautiful grounds.
O'FARRELL, 605 (Johnson House)— Sunny con-
servatory suite; splendid for gents; board.
PINE,- 793— Lovely sunny rooms; excellent
board; $20 to $30 per month.
HOTEL Repelier, 781 Sutter— Newly furnished;
excellent table; special rates to tourists.
VAN NESS, 619— Handsome furnished parlors,
all conv., sunny suites; best table board.
ROOMS AND BOARD WASTED.
YOUNG lady wishes room and board (reason-
ble).in private family north of California st
Box 262. Call office. **"¦
TWO or three rooms; unfurnished, except car-
pets; board; couple; north Market. Box 177
Call office.
ROOMS WANTED.
ROOM .with dinner by single manT~re2sonl
able. Box. 106. Call office. ,
SPECUL NOTICES.
BAD tenants ejected for $4: collections made:
city or ' country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery St.. rooms 9-10; tel, 5580.
DISEASES and ailments- of men treated; con-
sultatlon free. American Dispensary. 614 Pine.
SEWING' 3IACHIXES AND SUPPLIES.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged; re^
pairing; lowest rates. Tei. Black 1124, 205 4th.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged ; re-
t pairing; lowest rates; phone Mint 45. 145 6th.
STORAGE aEd WAREHOUSES. :
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co.
office Post and Powell sts.; tel. Main 5713.
GOLDEN-WEST Storage ."Warehouse, 840 Mis-
sion st. ; tel. Howard 941. F.. W. ZEHFUSS. j
BEKINS Van and Storage Co., 722 Mission St.;
tel. Main 1840; shipping at cut rates.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2320 Flllmore st. ; phone Jackson 2SL - -
TO LOAX—Continiied.
C ~?* H « lo * De d to salaried people on note with-
out inelorser or on mortgages at 6 per cent per
annum. MORRELL. €03 Examiner building.
Advances life Insurance policies; Army and
It, J,*T*' salaries; accounts of bank books
in liquidation bought. Apply S30 Montgomery.
LO^1 EST rates on furniture, etc.. by private
party; no removal; no commission; conflden-
ttal. Room 3. Conservatory bldg., 801 Jones.
°if, , ru . rn } ture . Pianos; no removal: money
quicJt; lowest interest: easy terms; no broker-
age; reliable party. 1170 Market Et.. room 68.
MOST reliable place to borrow on diamonds,
Ji*^***' e *'«l*y. W. J. HESTHAL. 10 Sixth;
nlghest price for old gold, silver, diamonds.
525.000 IN trust to loan at 6 per cent; city or
u^Sir, Eee m * b** 01 "* Polng elsewhere.
HARPER. 397 Parrott building.
A — O^ real estate; lowest rate; no brokerage;
no delay. LICK. 116 McAllister gt.
S% on furniture and pianos: $15 up; no removal;
no commission; private. Room SL 6 Eddy et.
tTNCLE HARRIS has retired from business.
THE TOUSLEY Company; loans and discounts.
*21 Parrott building.
MONEY loaned salaried people without secur-
tty. Hltl. r. 4*. Merchants' Ex.. 431 California.
ON salaries or wages ; no indorser required. S.
F. DISCOUNT AGENCY, 143 Phelan building.
LOANS money on ealary; no lndorser: Eastern
plan. Western Loan Co.. SOS Phelan bldg.
lioo.ooo TO loan on real estate or for building;
low rate. 222 Sangome st.. room J.
MOSET WANTED.
MONEY WANTED.
Wanted— $700 for Al security; good Interest;
no scalpers needed. Box 252. Call office.
MCSICAX. INSTRUMENTS.
A BON^-ZA~F6B^ENAFmjNTlERsI '
.r 1 AI> OS.
k 1 good upright. tSS; 1 better. $85.
¦p-t good rrands. $175, $195.
' 6 uprightB, $12S, $155. $189. $190. $198. •
Also Conover. Stelnway. Weber. Vose. Curtaz,
P?<*erBros., Pease. Standard, littlo used.
OBQAao.
1 f-stop, $39; 1 7-stop $44.
1 7-stop. $ts; 1 fine like new. $64.
1 2-manual. $75; 1 16-Btop, Liszt style.
Mason & Hamlin, very fine, $150.
Easy payments. BENJ CURTAZ & SON,
16 O'Farrell st. Chickerlng Agency.
14,000 eq. feet; largest and oldest piano house.
ALL piano* purchased of SHERMAN. CLAY &
CO. cay be exchanged for a new Stelnway
upright cr baby grand piano any time within
S years from date of purchase, and have full
price allowed. New upright iilancr, $( per
month; some food pianos sold for $2. i* and
$5 per month. SHERMAN. CLAY & CO.,
Stelnway dealers, corner Kearny and Satter
ets., San Francisco; corner Broadway and
Thirteenth st.. Oakland.
ALL highest grades sold by Heine Piano Co..
cole ajrents for famous and oldest American i
makes, including Hailet-Davls; great bar- '
gain list, J50 up; Etelnway. J1S5 up; Fischer.
IIOC; Chickerlng. $165; 20 othert. rents $2 up;
great Inducements to agents. 217 Geary st.
A FIRM'S failure to realize on account of
strike has placed two carloads of high-grade
pianos In storage to be 6old at Eastern fac-
tory prices; second-hand pianos for a song.
WILSON'S STORAGE. 1708 Market st.
OUR "•epedal price" sale during the past
week has been a most wonderful one. Many
people have been surprised and delighted with
the bargains we have given them. You may
have just as good a chance If you'll com*
now and let us tell you the price and Ehow
you the goods. Seeing Is believing.
THE ZENO MAUVAIS MTSIC CO..
769 Market st.
ANY piano sold by us taken back any tim»
within 3 years and full purchass price al-
lowed on a new peerless Kna.be at regular
price; costs you only 20c a day to buy a piano
from us. KOHLER t CHASE. 30 O'Farrell
St.; established 1S50.
->*TANOS— Eteck. Everett, Hanlman. Packard.
j Ludwlg and others; 20 different factories rep-
' restnted: wholesale and retail. THE WEL.EY
B. ALLEN CO.. 933 Market St. (opp. Mason);
branch store. 951 Broadway. Oakland.
ATTENTION. PIANO BUYERS! ~~
Fohmer. Byron Mauzy, Gabler. Lester. Ham-
ilton and Srielman pianos to' be had new
or.:y at BYRON MAU2Y*S. 3CS. S10. 312 Post.
LEFT on sale— Novella upright. $37: Etelnway
upright. $165. Room 38. 217 Geary 6t.
ABSOLUTE eacrlflce — Fine laree 3-pedaI up-
rlght piano; leaving city. 770 6'FarrelI st.
ETEINWAY. $200; Hartman. $100; elegant new
pianos. $150 pp. W. C. Hamilton. 8 Flood bldg.
ELEGANT piano as good ss new: standard
make; a sacrifice. Hornung's. 216 McAllister.
AT KEEFFE'S. 22 Turk Ft., sear Market—
Shoninger. Schubert and Stelnway bargains.
S7E AND upward— Fine upriehts. FIERCE 7 !?
Piano Factory. Market. 14th and Church st».
A SPECIAL for this week— J4U0 piano for $275.
BRUENN. 208 Post et
ELEGANT new -upright pianos for rent, 13 per
mo. SCOTT-CCRTAZ Piano Co.. Sep Hayes.
ETTPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
GOOD second -hand upright for eale cheap.
FOTMTT7'.. 16 McAllister Bt-
OIL.
OIL tanks, second-hand. In rood order: all
*\r*rr «-h«*t>. W. S. WHTTK. BIS M!f«lnn «t.
PAIVrERS AXP DECORATOR.
ROO"S papered from $3 up: whitening dene.
Hartroann Paint Co.. 319 3d: tefr Red 3521.
PALMISTRY.
MRS. LAMB, scientific palmist; head and face
reading: lessons given. 617 Jones st,
PHYSICIAAS AND SURGEONS. .
DR. cT^^CyDONNELL^Office and residence.
1',21'm Market et.. between Sixth and Seventh.
£3R. WONG HIM, herb doctor, successfully
treats all diseases of the human body: see
testimonials at office, 115-117 Mason, nr. Ellis.
A — DR. WONG "WO, herb doctor; sanitarium.
764-766 Clay St.; see testimonials at office.
DR. XG TOY KEE. 210 Stockton et., opp.
Union square: all diseases cured by herbs.
PERSONALS.
IF your hair is falling or you are bald, call
cn DR. G. 6. MOORE. 332 O'Farrell st.. and
you will sot be disappointed; this remedy in
positively guaranteed; preparation sent to all
parts of the world: call or send for circular.
!W ANTED— A rich young lady who Is the only
child In family to wed a rich young man who
Is aUo an only child. Box 137. CalL
ELECTRIC light In every room— Winchester
Hotel, 44 Third St.. near Market: 700 rooms;
?5c to U 50 per night; $1 50 to 56 per week;
free *bu« and baggage to and from the ferry.
$1 WEEKLY — Suits to order from genuine
Scotch. $15 up; fine dress suits. $20 up; ele-
gant overcoats, $16 up. LEON LEMOS. 1117
Market et., between Seventh and Eighth.
CHEAP— One first -clacs unlimited lady's ticket
from San Francisco to Albuquerque. N. M.
Inqutre 214 Pine St., Century Mercantile Co.
TURKISH baths & 6crcntiflc massage given by
a Swedish nurse: ladies & gents. 234 Taylor
6t.. over fruit store; hours 10 a. m. to 8 p. m.
WHITE enamel iron beds single, three-quarter
or double. $2 25. EASTERN OUTFITTING
CO.. 1310-1212 Stockton st.. near Broadway.
GENTLEMAN wi*be* acquaintance of lady
worth $5000; matrimony. Box 2«6. Call office.
Et'PERFLUOUS hair and moles destroyed with
electric needle. MISS EATON. 1119 Sntter st.
6AXITAKICM, Turkiah baths and massage;
select patrona. E. RALPH. 156 Eddy gt.
BOWLING— New Fourth-st. Bowling Alley;
- open day and night. 30% Fourth st.
LADIES— Get free trial Dixon*s Hair Remover;
permanent. S3S Market; sample mailed 25c.
OBESITY cured : no dieting; no weakening. THE
A*VIDA CO.. 73t Valencia st.. bet. 15th and ISth,
DR. LAMOTTE'S French Corn Paint, the best
com cure; 25c; all druggists.
ALFREDUMS Egyptian Henna; restores gray
hair to Its natural color: $1; at all druggists.
TADLOB-MADE irults. $7 60; dress pante. $2 50.
•Miifit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
OLD rold. wllver diamond* and precious stones
boMghtT J. R/JENKEL. S17 Market st.
MAEQUERADE costume*, play books, wigs;
GOLDSTEIN A CO.. 733 Mkt.
PLAJOyG AXP TURNING MILLS.
WOOD and Ivory Turning, Planinc. Shaping
and Sawing. CARL F. HAAS. 95 Fremont «t.
REAL ESTATE CITV— -FOR SALE.
TWO choice corner runny lots in Richmond; on
north ride of the etreet; street work ail done;
not far out; cans paas; 2 other lines, the
Geary and the Sutter et. extension, within a
few etepe- 32:6x100 each: ready for building;
being corners, 4 flats can be built on each;
NE. cor. A et. and Seventh ave. and NW.
cor. A et. and Sixth ave.: $1500 each; examine
and eubmlt offer; to be sold at once. W. J.
GUNN. E30 California at.
OWNERS of property or lots north of Vallejo
and west of Hyde as far as Presidio and la
Richmond, north of Park, and Mission and
Homer 1 ¦ Addition, who want to sell, call on
k W. J. GUNN. E30 California. »t.. S. T. Sav-
f :nr» Union building.
tlX, teven end elrnt room cottages: also two
'Cat houses In block between 17th. 18th, Castro
tad Noe etc.: 'A cash, balance monthly pay-
ments; Cartro or Guerrero -St. cars. F. KEL-
tON. bullier. - '
TYPEWRITERS ; AKD SUPPLIES.
GREAT^BARGAINS IN TYPEWRITERS-^We
sell, better machines for less money than any
house In the city; rentals, $3. The Typewriter
... Exchange. 636 California; telephone Main 266."
TYPEWRITERS, 2d-hand, all makes, at low
figures. L. & M. ALEXANDER, 110 Montg'y.
HARTFORD typewriters; new, $60; anti-trust;
all makes; used machines $10 up. 209 Sansome.
. DIVIDEND KOTICES.-
DIVIDEND NOTICE— Dividend No. 95 (twelve
and one-half cents per share) will be payable
at the office of the company^ 327 Market St.,
on and after Friday, September . 20, 1901.
Transfer books close Saturday, September. 14,
1301, at 12 o'clock m. fc H. W. THOMAS, Sec.
PROPOSALS for Clothing and Equipage, Depot
Quartermaster's Office. 36 New Montgomery
Bt.. San Francisco, Cal., September 9, 1901 —
Sealed proposals, in triplicate, will be re-
ceived at this office until 10 o'clock a. m.,
AVednesday. September 25, 1901. Pacific Stand-
* ard Time, and then opened, for furnishing
Black Hats for Prisoners, Unbleached Drill-
ing, Unbleached Muslin, Unbleached .Duck,
Canton. Flannel, Naphtaline, Hoop Iron, Seal-
. Ing Wax, Petroleum Paper,- Wrapping Paper,
S. B. Kersey. Proposals for less quantities
than advertised for will be entertained. Early
deliveries are essential: Bidders must state
In their proposals" the rate and time Of de-
livery should contract be awarded to them.
Preference will be given to articles of do-
mestic production and manufacture, condi-
tions of price and quality being, equal (In-
cluding in the price of foreign production and.
manufacture the duty^. thereon), and such
preference will be given" to articles of "Ameri-
can production and manufacture produced on
: the Pacific Coast,, to the extent of the con-
sumption required by the public service there.
The United States reserves the right to ac-
cept or reject any or all proposals or any part
thereof. Information and blanks for propo-
sals will be • furnished on application. En-
velopes containing proposals will be indorsed,
"Proposals No. 8096, C. and E.," and ad-
dressed to MAJOR OSCAR F." LONG. Quar-
termaster, U. S. Army, Depot Quartermaster.
PROPOSALS for Transport Service Clothing,
Depot Quartermaster's Office, 36 New. Mont- 1
gomery St., San Francisco, Cal., September
9. 1901— Sealed proposals, in triplicate, will be
received at this office until 10 o'clock a, m.,
"Wednesday, September 25. 1901, Pacific Stand-
axd Time, and then opened, for. furnishing
D. B. Cloth Caps, White Duck Caps, Cap
Ribbons. Dungaree Coats, Dungaree Trousers,
Working Jumpers, Working Trousers, White
Duck Jackets. Lanyards, Silk Neckerchiefs,
Black Overshlrts, White Duck Trousers, D.
B. Trousers. Proposals for less . quantities
than advertised for will be entertained. Early
deliveries are essential. Bidders must state in
their proposals the rate and time of delivery
should (contract be awarded to . them. Prefer-
ence will be given to articles of domestic pro-
duction and manufacture, conditions of price
and quality being equal (including in the
price of foreign production and manufacture
the duty thereon), and such preference will
be given to articles of American production
and manufacture produced . on the Pacific
Coast, to the extent of the consumption re-
quired by the public service there. The
United States reserves the right to accept or
reject any or all proposals or any^part there-
of. Information and blanks for proposals will
be furnished on application. Envelopes con-
taining proposals will be Indorsed. "Proposals
No. 8096, T. S. C," and addressed to MAJOR
OSCAR F. LONG, Quartermaster. U. S.
Army, Depot Quartermaster. - .
PROPOSALS for Hay and Oatn, Depot Quarter-
master's Office, 36 New Montgomery st., San
Francisco, Cal., September 7. 1901.— Sealed
proposals. In triplicate, will be received at
this office until 10 o'clock a. ny, Tuesday,
. September 17, 1901, Pacific Standard Time, and
then opened, for furnishing hay and oats. Pro-
posals for less quantities than advertised for
will be entertained. Bidders must state in
their proposals the rate and' time of delivery
should contract be awarded to them; and that
no proposition should be made which they are
not positive that they can absolutely fulfill.
Preference will be given to articles oi- domes-
tic production and manufacture, conditions of
price and quality being equal (including in
the price' of foreign production and manufac-
ture the duty therepn), and such preference
will be given to articles of American produc-
tion and manufacture produced on the Pacific
Coast, to the extent of the consumption re-
quired by the public service there. The United
States reserves the right to accept or reject
any or all proposals or any part thereof. In-
formation and blanks for proposals will be
furnished on application. Envelopes contain-
ing proposals will be indorsed "Proposals No.
8188." and addressed to MAJOR OSCAR F.
LONG. Quartermaster, U. S. Army, Depot
Quartermaster. . .
MAERIAGE- LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were Issued
yesterday:
Elve 6.\ Canonlca, 19, 11 Union place, and
Ivy G. Soper, 19,. 11 Union nlace.i
Thomas McCann, 37, 60S Minna street, and
Mary Connors. SI, 900 Howard street.- ~ • ' r
William Elc-enbersr, 44, 46 -Third street, and
Hedwig Dittrlch. 32, 531 Bryant street.
James L. C. Moftatt, 38, 1S6 Duncan street,
and Martha Lunny, 27, 136 Duncan street.
William B. Sla wson, 44, Los Angeles, and
Ella- J. Severance, 30, Los Angeles.
Thomas F. Barton, 30, city, and Lottie V.
Herbert, 23, city.
Arthur J. Huntln?, 3S, city, and Isabel II.'
Dwleht. 28. city. . ¦ : .
Walter M. Robinson, 27. 1214^ Scott street,
and Minnie E. Bengard, 24, 1214% Scott street.
James Redmond, 30, 68 Ellis street, and
Grace Davis, 25, East Oakland.
John A. Saletzka. 35, city, and Caroline A.
Schroeder, 33, city.
< Carl J. F. Wenzel, 48. 21S0»£ Fifteenth street,
and Rebecca M. Y. Reese, 45, 2180% Fifteenth.
J. Charles. Ott, 32, 2092 Mission street, and
Edna J. Johnson, 19, 1509 Guerrero street.
Frederick V. S. Glidden, 21, 104 Turk street,
and Pansy M. White, 18, Michigan Bluff.'
Albert E. Tilden, 28. 2472 Mission street, and
Gertrude A. Brown, 24, Auburn. • • ,
• George S. ] Smith. 39, . 628 Geary' street, and
Mercedes Ferrer, 23, New York City. ¦¦ . .
Carl M. Lossius, 25, 289 Geary street, and
Roddy Tercovich. 23, 289 Geary street.
Daniel C. Meagher, 21. 327 Twenty-eighth
street, and Minnie C. Clifford, 21, 206V4 Clipper.
Colombo Lusardi, 21, 8Q0 Seventh street, and
Maria Romagi, 20, 800 Seventh street.
Ira Edwards, 22, 1536 Eleventh avenue south,
and Alice Costello, 20, 1536 Eleventh ave. south.
Pietro Gardella, 28,- 8 Ohio place, and Ange-
lia Bottinl, 22, 8 Ohio place.
Louis Yunker, 23, 223 Palmer street, and
Winifred E. Daniels, 19, 1513 Noe street.
Thomas H. : Riley, 49, city, and Georgia
Shadt, 49. city. ' ' . - - .- -
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices ¦ sent by
mail will not be inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and 'residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BOBN. "
BRUNIG— In this city."" September.' 3, 1901, to
the wife of Robert Brunig, a son.
REICHWAGEN— In this ! city, SeDtember 10,
1S01, to the wife of Louis Reichwagen, a
dauehter.
SMITH— In this city, September 7. 1901, to the
1 wife of F. O. Smith, a son.
THOMAS— In this city, September 9. 1901. to
the wife of William D. Thvmas. a daughter.
WELTE— In Baden. Cal., 'September 1, 1901, to
ths wife of A. Welte. a son. -^ ,
LENGEMANN— HAARSTRICH— In this city,
September 7, 190L by the Rev. J. H. Schroe-
der, Charles F. Lengemann and Emma
Haarstrich. ¦ . . ' ,
RASMTJSSEN— HEINZE— In this city. Septem-
ber 9. 1901, by the Rev. J. H. Schroeder,
Ferdinand Rasmussen and Emma Heinze.
WILLIS— McFERREN— In Denver, Colo., Sep-
tember 5. 1901, by the Rev. Dr. Thomas A.
Uzzell, Thomas Newton Willis of Denver and
Lula L. McFerren of San Francisco.
DIED.
Budde, Albert Miller, Georglna
Calderwood. Oscar Nixon, Frederick
Cameron, Mary Odell, . Georjre E.
Dowllng, James Powell, William J.
Drew, Clydie E. ' ' Riley, Hazen K.
Duffy, Thomas Robinson, Wm. G. '
Frasier, Hobert • - Ruben. Robert " '
Hahn. Theresa Rui«i, Wilhclm L.
Hamilton, Annie Schilling, Mary E.
Inglis. Jane . Smith (infant)
Johnson, Olif ' /Spencer, Ellen W.
Lynch, Johanna . Stanley, C. Mortimer
McNamara, Kate Stock, Marguerite R.
Mackintosh, Jane H. Stevens, Benjamin V.
Mercuire. John L. ' ; Sullivan, Ellen
Merrill. Charles A. Vishoot, Fanny '
BUDDE— In : this city, September 9. 1901, Al-
bert Budde, dearly beloved and youngest son
of Joseph and Bertha Budde, and brother of
Josephine* and Eugene Budde, a' native of
San Francisco, - aged 22 years and • 20 days
(Baltimore papers please 'copy.) ;• ..
(CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the ; funeral to-day
(Wednesday), at 8:30 o'clock. -from the resi-
dence of - his parents, • 1423 Hayes street
thence to. St. Boniface's Church. Golden Gate
avenue, 1 where a solemn requiem high -mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul
commencing at 9:30 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery. . .
CALDERWOOD— In Fruitvale, September 9
1901, Oscar Stlllman, beloved husband of Ab-
ble H. Calderwood, son of Mary A. Calder-
wood of Vinal Haven,,. Me., and brother of
Mrs. Hattie A. Clark of Vinal Haven and
Jcseph K. Calderwood of Boston, Mass., aged
50 years. : • .--..-' ' : . . • .
[^"Friends and acquaintances are ' respect-
fully invited ¦ to attend the . funeral services
to-day (Wednesday), at 2 o'clock/ at himlate
residence, Fruitvale avenue, near -Hopkins
.street. 'Interment private. ; • ...
CAMERON— In this' city,- September 10, 1901,
Mary Cameron, a native of Madison County
New York.'aged 67 years. A member of Lin-
coin Relief Corps No. 3. ".- -.• -¦> \ .-' . «
DOWLING^-In ¦ this city, V September 9. . 1301
Jamefc, beloved husband of Mary Dowling a.
native of - County . Westmeath, ; Ireland, aged'
73 years. ¦¦-.¦¦¦ '.-. -. - ...:-.„•.:, , -.••••.¦.•- . ., . :
. ¦ E^Friends and; acquaintances are respect-'
1 fully v Invited . to >: attend <, the-' funeral ; to-day
¦ (Wednesday), at 8:30 o'clock,' from , the-;fu-
REAL ESTATE — CITY— FOR SALS.
EASTOX. ELDRIDGE & CO..
63S Market Street.
WESTERN 'ADDITION RESIDENCE.
$7000— A fine larse modern house of 10 rooms and
bath and basement on the southwest cor-
ner of Scott St.; lot 25x106:3 feet._
PRESIDIO HEIGHTS RESIDENCE. . , '
$6500— A modern two-story residence of 8 rooms
and bath in the best portion of Presidio
Heights, near Clay and Laurel sts. ; mag-
nlfleent marine view; terms to suit;, lot,
25X107K feet.
PARK PANHANDLE BARGAIN KESI- .
DENCE.
55500— A handsome modern residence of 10 rooms
and bath on the east elde of Lyon Bt.,
overlooking the Park Panhandle. This
property cost over ?9000 and will be sold
on very easy terms; lot 25x91:2 feet. •
EIGHTEENTH-ST. HOME.
$2750— A two-story and high basement residence
of 7 rooms and bath in Al condition; will
be sold on very easy terms.
MISSION" COTTAGE.
$1250— A cozy oottage of 6 rooms and bath; Dia-
mond st, near Twenty-second; will be
cold on small cash payment; balance
monthly payments same as rent; 20x115:9
feet.
A BARGAIN.
$600— Soufheaet corner of California st. and
Eighteenth ave.. 63:4x96:1 feet; an oppor-
tunity for a quick turn.
INVESTMENTS.
$5200— Shipley st., near Fourth; rents $672 per
ennum; lot 41:2x69 feet.
$4900 — Morris ave.. near Harrison St.; rents $792
per annum; lot 50x80 feet.
$3300— Langton st., near Howard; rents $468 per
annum; lot 25x80 feet.
FINE BUILDING LOTS.
$5CO0 — Southwest corner Pacific and Larkin
ets.; 27:8Vixll2 feet
$3250— Larkin St., south of Pacific; 25x112 feet.
$3000— Pacific St.. west of Larkin; 27:6x127:8%.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO.,.
628 Market Street.
A. M. SPECK & CO.. ! ~
667 MARKET STREET,
Opposite Kearny St.,
Real Estate Agents.
Market Et.. near Sixth; B0 foot frontage; fine
brick buildinc; rents $755.
$100.000— Corner: 275x137:6; splendid improve-
ments: Market St.; rents $361; fine building.
$51,000— Sixth-st. corner; 1% blocks from Mar-
ket: rents $325; fine building.
$55,000— One-half block from the Orpheum:
stores and lodging-houses ; rent $260 net.
$42,000— Sutter-st. corner, east of Jones bt. : 3
frontages; 3 stores and lodging-house; SO feet
front.
$40,000— Sansome-st. corner; lot 70x130; rents
about $250; want offer. *
$40,000— Devisadero-street business corner; two
stores and 7 flats: rents $305.
$37.500— Ellis St., close to Taylor: new build-
ing: one tenant; leased with security; annual
rents about $2SC0.
5S5.000 — Mission st.. near Fourth: fine brick
building;; one tenant; rent $250.
$24.000 — Cash Invested in real estate vicinity
Alhambra Theater will pay 12 per cent net;
rents $S30; one tenant.
$15.000— Sansome-st. corner: wholesale district;
35 feet frontage; rents $110.
$7500 — Four new flats; rents $72; bon ton dis-
trict residence within 130 feet just sold for
$12,500. • -
$5S0O— Comer: SW. cor. Vallejo and Pierce Fts.;
45x112; cheapest corner lot on Pacific Heights.
$4950 — Two flats, only one-half block from. Mar-
ket Et. ; rents $40; cost $7500.
A. M. SPECK & CO..
667 Market street.
$6500— TERMS to suit; handsomely decorated
sunny 10-room residence; substantially built:
finished by day work; every possible latent
impts.: heaters; 6 basins; plate and art gla3S
¦windows; marine and park view; choicest of
any near panhandle; large lot, 26:6x53x100.
Apply Fulton st.. near Shrader: Hayes or
McAllister Etreet cars; open from 1 to 5 p. m.
IF you want to sell your real estate, city or
countrj't bring It to
THE PHELPS.LEWIS CO..
702 Market st., S. F.
REAL ESTATE COUNTRY — For Sale
FOR lease— 6310 acres of reclaimed tule lands
on Middle River, immediately south of the
Eanta Fe Railroad, and extending for five
and one-half miles along the railway line
and for five miles on Middle Kiver.
The lands are thoroughly reclaimed, with I
large and substantial levees and an exten-
sive system of large drainage and irrigation
ditches. Have six good houses and barns
already built, and lumber on the ground for
four more houses and barns.
The railroad and river afford direct and
competitive, freight and passenger communi-
cation with San Francisco and Stockton and
Intermediate points, by railroad being only
a half hour from Stockton and three hour3
from San Francisco.
For lease for term of years either as a
whole or In large tracts.
Offers for leasing these lands will be re-
ceived at the offices of the company up to
12 o'clock noon, Saturday. September 14, 190L
The company reserves the right to reject
any or all bids. Call or address
CALIFORNIA AND NEVADA LAND IM-
PROVEMENT CO.;
Room No. 6. Tenth Floor, Mills, Bldg.,
San Francisco.
EPECIAL bargain— 160 acres land, near Tuba-
City. Sutter County, short distance frosa
Marysville; all rich valley land under culti-
vation; good buildings and well watered and
fenced; this land will be sold In whole or in
part at a very low price; also 140 acres, all
under cultivation; rich valley land; good
buildings; well fenced; short distance from
Tuba City. Sutter County; will be sold in
whole or in part to suit purchaser, and at an
extremely low price. The two above pieces
are situated in the heart of the fruit grow-
ing district of Northern California and should
be teen to be appreciated. If contemplating
purchasers will address box 4950. Call office,
for information a bargain will be given.
FOR sale cheap— 10 acres, well fenced; has on it
400 French, 80 Imperial prune trees. 2 years
old; good 4-room cottage; good well, stable;
chicken houses and everything complete to
move in; also 12 acres with small house, large
barn, a never-falling spring of the best kind
of water; these 2 places are 40 miles from San
Francisco, near good R. R. town, in Santa
Clara Co.. and within 5 minutes' walk of pub-
lic school; no better place in the country for
fruit or chicken raising: will be sold very
cheap. Apply to Owner, 744 Fourth St., S. F.
' FOR SALE NEAR SAN FRANCISCO
Small tracts, $60 to $90 per acre, on Rancho
Cotatl. Sonoma Co.; future value assured, as
Ean Francisco Is growing rapidly: location
best for poultry and general farming. Apply
to The Cotati Co.. 302 California at. for pam-
phlets cr Information.
HOG ranch to exchange for city property. Par-
ticulars apply 12 Vache st., oft Crescent ave.
$2500— IMPROVED foothill farm, 204 acres: El
Dorado County, near R. R. Box 222, Call.
CHOICE farm bargains: call or send for list.
Wooster, Whitton & Montgomery, 634 Market.
POULTRY and dairy ranches for sale: write for
free list. C. R. WINFIELD. Petaluma, Cal.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
FOR rent, furnished— Beautiful home of 9
rooms In best locality. Apply 1315 San An-
tonio ave.
5, 6. 7, 8, 9 rm. cottages; large lots; $2000-4000;
terms. J. H. Young, 1243 Park St., Alameda.
BARGAINS: improved & unimproved property
acquired by foreclosure: *£ cash. Bank of Ala.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
HOMES IN BERKELEY "
S22QO — 6-room cottage with large lot; decid-
edly a splendid bargain. $1S5O — 6-room house;
terms very easy in amount down and month-
ly payments. $2700— New 6-room house, $200
down, S25 per month. $1650— New 6-room
house; "easy terms. $2000 — 5-room. nearly new
cottage; no finer view in Berkeley. $4000—7-
room house: in a fine neighborhood; splendid
bargain; easy terms. $2650— New 6-room house;
1 modern in every way; ?350 down, $25 per
month.
If you would like to. buy an established
grocery on a fine corner, in a good neigh-
borhood, cheaper than you will get it again,
call on us.
' SATOFF & WILLIAMS.
.; ,-.' 2121 Center gt.. Berkeley, CaL
NEW modern 6-room house, only 3 blocks from
station; large lot; price $1600.
Must be sold — A new 5-room modern cottage,
on large lot; central location; good windmill
and tank; price $1500.
HOME REALTY CO..
Successors to RUDOLPH. PERKINS &
LYON and J. R. PERKINS. Lorln Station,
Berkeley. Cal. Office east Bide of track.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
-iitoAKLAyD REAL ESTATE.
$2500— A BANK sale; brand new, colonial style
8-room cottage, with porcelain bath; large
bathroom and everything first class in every
respect; lot about 50x150 feet; sunny front-
age; close to electric line in Piedmont; house
alone cost $3000 to build and is insured for
$2250; ea«y plan of payments will be ac-
cepted; look Into this at once.
. GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO..
Exclusive Agents for this . property,
100S Broadway, Oakland.
RAILWAY TRAVEL.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC
Trains l«ma nu.l nro «liic> to nrrlv* at
NAN FICA.\4:iN<'(>.
(Main Line, Foot of Uarket Street.)
1EAVK — FBOU JCLT 14. 1301. — AXRIV1
7:0Oa Benids, Suiauii, Ehaira and Sacra.
meuco..: StSSp
7:00a Vacatille. Winttn, Rumsey 1:33?
?:3tU Hirtiuex, Sau ttainoa, Vallejo, 2fa;a,
Calistoga, ami Santa Rosa 6:23r
8:0Oa Daris, Woodland. Knignts Landing,
Marj«*iUe. Orotille.. 7:S.tp
S:OOa Atlantic Kxpress— Ojdoti and Ban 12:23p
»:««a Xlles, Lathrop, Stockton 7:33*
8:00a Mies, Mecdota, Haxsford. Visalla,
Portertllle 4:53*
' *:3Oa Shasta Express— Dafis. Wllliazns (for
Bartlett Springs), Willows. Ked
Bluff, PorUaodL. 7:33*
8i39a Sa» Jose, Iirenaoie, .Stockton, ¦--•
Iou«, Sacramento. FlacersIHs,
MaryBTillo. Chico. 1J«<1 IMiitr 4:25*
»:3Oa Oakditle, Chinese (Yosemite}. 8o-
nora. Carters 4s3Sp
»:»Oa Hay ward, Uilrs and Way Stations.. IIs.VIa.
0:00a Vcllejo 1»:23?
«:«Oa Los Angeles Express — Martinez.
Tracy. Latlirop. Stockton. Merced
ITreano aud Los Angeles 7:23?
f)i:i» A Vallejn. Maitiuez aud Way Station* ?>33p
1 OjOOa The Orerlaiid Limited— Ojdon, Dea-
rer, Omaha. Chicago fl:."»3»
tl:O»r Sacramento KlTorSte«nter«.... {3:00a
3:30r Hay ward, XHi-s and Way 8Uttons.. 7:33r
iiUUr JJeuici*. Winters. Sacramento,
Woodland. KulgbU L-Dillug,
MarysfUle, Orovillo 10:33a
4i00f Martinez, i Sau Uauion, Vallejo,
Napa. (,'alliitiiKa. SauU lloaa. Di3.1a
4:00? Niles. Lfrermore. Stockton. Lodl... 12 «r
4:3»r Hayward. Miles, aau Jose. Ii.trmore t»:33«.
4:3«p Port Costs. Tracy, Latbrop. Stockton 1O:S3a
3:«0pT1ib Owl Limited— Fresno, Julare,
BakenQold. Saugns for Siiuta. liar- <
bora, Loa Aueeles 8:33a
BiOOp Martin* z. Antioch, Stockton, Mer-
ced, Fresno lS:SSp
S:On P Yosemit* 12:JC3p
S:30r New Orleans Eipre»s— Mendota,
¦ Frssno, Bakerttteld, Los Angeles,
Dcmio;. £1 foso, New Orleans
and £ast.'. 7x33a
C:OOr Bay ward, Niles »nJ Sau Joae 7<S3&
48:OO ir Vallejo ll:23t
tiiOOi- Oriental Mall— Ogilen. Cheyenne,
Omaha, Chicago..... 12:23*
•:OOp Oriental Mail— Ogdea, Denter.
St. Louis. Chicago. 4:23*
TxOOr Oregon aud California Kxprem.ttao-
rniueuto. Marjitttle, ICetMliig.
l'ortlntut, lNijet Hound and Kask 8:33a
SiO.tr San Pablo. Fort Costa, Mutines
and Way Stations H:33a
r t»8OSf> ValMo 7»aap
COAST LINE (Sarroi» <i»wge).
(Foot of Market Street.)
J7:45a Santa Cruz Excursion to danta Cruz
aud Principal Way Stations JS : 03 p
'S<13ANe<rar!c.CenteiiIUe..-janJocs,relton.
. BouIdorCreek.SautaCiuzandYl'ay
Sutidns B»30#
fSslBp Newark, CeuterTille. San Joso Tteir
Almaiien. Felton. Jioulder Creek.
Santa Crux and Principal Way
Stations I*:3«I4
4>l»r Newark. San J«*e, Los Gatos tSi.iOA
« 4 :1 Sp Glenwood.BonldeT Creek, Santa Crna e »:3Oa
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
from SIS msCISW— Foot ti JUrket Street (Slip 8>—
H:15 9:00 11:00*.*. 1:33 3:00 C:15>».>(.
from 0UURD— root it Bruit wit.— t'nOO $8:00 t3:03
r 10:O0i.M. 12:03 3:03 1:03 r.H.
COAST LINE (Uroa.l (iange).
(Third and Townsoiid Sta.)
"' G: I «»a Ban Jose and Way Stations. ««a»A
17:00a Kan Jose ami Way SUtiuus l:»»p
/7:<M»A New Almadeu /*:10?
J7:UOa Sunday Excursion (or San Jcta.
Santa Crnz. Pacific Crave and
Principal Way Stations JS:SOt
•tOOAKaii Joae. Holliiter. Hanta Crnz. .
Paclllc Orme, Salinas, San Luis
Obl3po, SmnU Barbara and Prin-
cipal intermediate Stations 7:S0p
10:30a San Jose and Way Stations C<2«p
IIiSOa ban .lose Hiid Way Stations 5sUUP
tXriapSati Mateo, lted wood. Uenlo Park.
Pain Alto. .Santa Clara, San Josa,
Hol'ister, Santa Cruz, Salinas,
Monterey and l'acilic iJrove 110:43a
StSOp San Jose, Tres Pinos. Santa Cruz,
Padfic GroTa and Way Stations 4:lAp
ftslSp San Joae ami Principal Way Stations 1>:43a
t3:OOp San Jose, Los Gatos sad Principal
Way Stations t0:0O&
3:30p SauJoMt and Principal Way Stations S:33a
•tOOp Bedwosd, flan Jos*. Oilroy. Salinas,
Santa Barbara. Los Angeles 10:03a
S:3Or San Jose and Way stations -f*sO»A
' «ll:45r San Joseanil Way Stations 7:2Op
A for Morning. P for Afternoon,
t .Sunday excepted. i Sunday only.
A Saturday only. « Monday,
e Saturday ani Sunday. /Tuesdays and SrMays.
CALIFORNIA NOBTBWESTEBN RY. CO.
LESSEE
SAN F3ANGISC0 AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlburon F«rry. Foot of Market Si.
Saa Francisco t.> 8aa i^aiaa,.
WEEK DATS-7:30, 9:00. 11:00 a. m.: 12:33.
8:30, 5:10. 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips fct l:j*t
and 11:20 x>. m.
EUXDAYS— S:CO. 9:30. 11:00 «- a.; 1:30. 3:3».
6:00, 6:20 p. m.
San Rafael toSan Francisco.
WEEK DAYS-€:19. 7:50. 9:20. 11:10 a. m.: 12:iS,
8:40. 5:15 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:m
and 6:33 D- m.
SUNDAYS— 8:10. 9:4C. 11:10 a. nu; l:*0. 2:40.
6:05, 6:23 p. m.
Leave I In Effect I ArriTe
Ean Francisco. I April 28. 1301.1 San Francisco.
Week I Sun- I | Sun- I Week
Days. I days. | Destination, . days. I Daya.
7:30 ami 8:00 am) Novato. 13:40 am 8:40 am
8:20 pmj 9:30 ami Petaluma. 6:05 pm 10:25 am
' 5:10 pml 5:C0 pm| Santa Rosa. 7:35 pm 6:20 pm
Kulton, 1
7:30 am Windsor, 13:23 aa
6:00 pm Healdsburz, 10:40 am
Lytton.
Geyservtlle.
S:30 pm 8:00 am Cloverdale. 7:33 pra 8:20 prt
7:30 ami 5:00 pml Hopland 110:40 am|10:25 am
8:39 pml 8:00 ami and ITkiah. I 7:35 pmi 6:20 pm
7:30 am] j 10:40 am!10:K am
I 8:00 ami Guemevllle. 7:35 pml
2:30 rra! 5:00 pm! I C:20 pm
7:30 am S:00 am Sonoms. 1 9:15 ami 8:40 am
I and 1 I
6:10 pm S:CO pm Glen Ellen. I 6:05 pml 8:23 pra
7:30 ami S:0O ami ]10:4<> am|10:25 am
>:30 pml 5:00 pmf Seba«topol. | 7:35 pm| 6:20 p.-ri
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs and White SulDhur Springs; at Fulton
tar Altruria: at Lytton for Lytton Springs: at
GeyEerville for Skagga Springs; at Cloverdal*
for tha Geysers: at Hopland for Duncai
Sprlnffs. 1 Highland Sprinss. Kelseyvllle. Carls-
bad Springs. Soda Bay. Lakeport and Bartlete
Springs; at Ukiah for Vichy Springs. Saratoga
Spring*. Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake. Witter
Springs. Upper Lake. Porno. Potter Valley.
John Day's, Riverside. Lierley's, Bucknell"s.
Sanhedrin Heisrhts. Hnllvilie. Orr's Hot
Sprinss- Mendoclno City. Fort Braesr. 'West-
port." Vsal. WHlits. Laytonvllle. Cummins.
Bell's Springs. Harris, Clsea's. Dyer. Scotia
and' Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced raxes.
On Sundays roand-trlp tickets to all point*
beyond San Rafael, at half rates.
Ticket office. 630 Market street. Chroaitla
building.
H. C "WHITING. R. X. RYA*.
Gen. Manuager. Gen. Pass. Agt.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausqllto Ferry.
Commsncics April 23, 1901.
FILOM SA2J FRANCISCO TO MILX. VALiLEY
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS-6:55, 8:30. »3:30. 11 «, m..
12:43. *l:15, 3:15. 4:15. 5:15, *8:15. 6:45 p. m_
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and Saa
Rafael on Mondays, "Wednesdays. Saturdays
and Sundays at 9:30 and 11:49 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 7:00. 8:00. »9:00, «10:0O, 11:00. 11:30
a m.. 12:45. »l:30. 2:30. »3:43. 5:00, 8:00. 7:$>
p. m. 11:00 a. m. does not run to San Rafael
Sundays. -
Trains marked (•) run to" San Quentin.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 'S^o. 6:27, 7:47. 8:3a. 10:15
a. ro.. n2:23. 1:15. 2:20. •izSS. 4:40. 5:30 p. ra.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 6:45 and 10:00 p. m.
SUNDAYS— €:15. 9:45. 11:00 a. ra. »1J
m.. 1:00. 2:13. •3:30, 4:30, »5:45. 6:13. 7:30, 1C:W
p "m.
Trains marked ft start from San Quentin.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 5:45. 6:43, 7:33. 8:53. 10:30
a. m.. 12:35. 1:45. 2:<3. 3:50, 5:10. 5:29 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays .
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:35 p. m,
SUNDAYS— 6:35. 8:00. 10:05. 11:10 a. re. 12:15,
1:20 2:30. 2:43. 5:00. 6:15. 7:15. 10:30 p. m.
* THROUGH TRAINS.
6:53 a. m. week days — dzadero and way sta-
tions. >
3:15 p. m. Saturdays— Casadero and tray sta-
tions, i.- ¦¦ = •-"<¦ ¦'¦¦¦ . /
S-OC a. m. Sundays— Cazaiero and way Bu-
ttons.
10 a. ra. Sundays— Point Reyes and fray sta-
tions. ±
MOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
' TU totaflw r«iij— TuH at Marti St.
aCA«s «M »«»"- »r»jv« •an rxim.
TSMJ- .....WEEK DAYS S f£l2.
8:00 a. M.I 12:15 P. ac
9:COa. JlT. • . 1:13*. M.
10:00 a. u.1 arrroATS J 8:3a r - **•
130 r.u. ' bXOr.it,
2-Jbr.M.) \ 7:10*.*.
Fare. Ssn P rtedMa to Sana!* ul Ertnrn. (!.«•
Ticket Offices. 621 Market St.; & SapaalUo Ferry, •
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
629 HEAKXT ST. EstabUshed j
in 183-1 for the treatment n{ Private
Diseases, Lont Manhood. Debility or
dispasA wearingrtn hody and nilnd and
Skin Diseases. The Doctor cures when .
others tail. Try him. , Charges low.
4'nrf» snaranterd. Call or wrii*
Or. jr. S\ AIB5SX, aaa Francisco. Cat _
-¦¦--•.. : ......
sister of Lucile; Rsgina, Henry and Jpdrew
Jacob, a - native of France, aged 3* years.
(Portland and Salem, Or., papers please
copy.) '
ETFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 10 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 2118 Poet street, between Pierce and
Scott. I Interment Home of Peace Cemetery,
via 11:30 o'clock train from Third and Town-
send street 1*. .. $ -
STEVENS—In Lowell, Mass., September 3.
1601, Benjamin Franklin, brother of Joseph
and • Edward Addlson • Stevens, Mnr. Myra
Barney, Mrs. Joan Orr, Mrs. Abble E. Bolles
and the late Mrs. Alcey Hamblet, Mrs. Jane
Smith and Orrin, Charles Otis. William Kit-
tredge and Henry Martin Stevens, aged 77
years.
SULLIVAN—In thi3 city. September 8, 190L
Ellen; beloved wife cf Patrick Sullivan, a
native of the parish of Skull,. County Cork;
Ireland, ased 60 years. .„ :
... ic^-Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully" invited to attend the funeral 1- to-day
(Wednesday), at S o'clock, from the Chapel
of the Passion, St. Mary'e Hospital, where
a requiem mass will be celebrated. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery.
VISHOOT—In this city, September 9, ,1901.
Fanny, beloved wife of Isaac Vishoot, and
mother of Mrs. Samuel Gortenburg and Leo.
Mary. Llssle and Allazer Vishoot. a. native
of Poland, aged 46 years and 9 months.
(CyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Wednesday), fa 10 o'clock, from her late
residence, 6 Collinsrwood street, between
Seventeenth and Eighteenth, and thence by
11:45 o'clock train leavinar Twenty-flfth and
Valencia streets to New Salem Cemetery for
Interment. -
I
'
!
!
:
!
BAIL WAY TSAVEL.
Santa Fe Trains
Leave Market-street Ferry Depot.
- Local Lim'd Ovrl'd Local
-¦:'-."; Daily • Dally Dally
Lv. San Fran 7:20 a 9:09 a 8:00 p 4:20 p
Ar.- Stockton. 10:18 a 11:45 a 11:10 p 7:18 p
". Merced... 12:22 p 1:17 p 1:19 a 9:11 p
"Fresno 2:05 p 2:35 p 3:05 a 10:50 p
lv- Hanford.. 3:12 p 3:27 p 7:0S a
" Visalla... 8:40 p 4:4Sa
•'Bakrsfleld «:15 p 5:20 p 7:30a
"Kan City ........ 2:40 a 7:30 a
" ' Chicago.. ........ 2:15 n 9:00 p
« for morninr. p for afternoon.
, " «9 'a. m. tram Is .the California' Lim-'
lted, leaving Monday .and Thursday on'y
carrying Palae* Sleeping Cars and Dinln?
Cars through to Chicago. .Chair Car.run*
to Bakersfleld- for accommodation of local
' first-class passengers. No . second-class
tickets honored <m this train. Correspond-
ing train arrives at 5:55 p. m. Tuesday and
Friday.
4:20 p. m. Is Stockton and Fresnn local
Corresponding train arrives at 12:30 p. ml
' 8:00 p.' m." fs th» Overland Express with
through Palace and Tourist Sleepers and
Free Recllninsr Chair,Cars to Chicago: also
'Palace Sl*ep»r.. whlcVcuts out at Fresno
¦ Corresponding train arrives at 5:55 p. m."
Sally.- :', •¦:;,,' ••-.-> ' ' . . - .
r7:20 p. m.'ls Bakersfleld Loc*l. stepping at
,'all points- In San Jdacrnln -Valley. - Corre-
epondinsr. train -arrives at S:40 a. m. dally.
¦ Office* —W Market , rtre-t ¦ and • in Fmtjt
Depot.;San Francisco; 1113 Broadway.- Oak-
land. : ' :¦' >- - :¦_-'./. r «.'.- -¦'..-.¦; •¦- ... v ¦.--.< v :. • .
3 neral • parlors : of Theodor Dierks, 1 957 Mission
street, and thence to Sacred Heart Church,
where a solemn reauiem high mass will be
celebrated for the repose of his soul, com-
mencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery. • ~ • - • *
DREW— In this city) September 10, 1901, Clydle
E., beloved son of Henry and Delia Drew, a
native of Alameda County, California, aged
1 year 5 months and 6 ; dayi.
DUFFY— In this .city, September 10, 1901,
Thomas, beloved husband of Ann Duffy, and
father of Patrick I." and Thomas F. Duffy.
, a native of- County LoUth, Ireland, aged 61
years. • • ¦•••... *
C^Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday): at 9:30 o'clock, from his late
¦ residence, 2719 Marlposa street, thence to St.
Charles Borromeo's Church, Eighteenth and
,' Shotwell streets, for services. Interment
Holy Croaa Cemetery. Please omit flowers.
FRASIER— In this city, September 9, 190L
Hobert Fra'ier.. . beloved son of Douglas and.
: Mattle Frasier, and brother of Emory M.,
Le Roy D. and Daniel L. Frasier, a native
of California, aged la year* 10 months and 9
days.
E7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
;, (Wednesday), at 10:30 o'clock, from the resl-
' J dence" of his family, 857 Hayes street.
HAHN— In this city. September 10. 1901, The-
, resa Hahn, widow of the late August Hahn,
and- sister of Anton and Joseph Laib. Mrs.
; ¦ George Hotte and Mrs. Anton Bantley, a
native pt Wurtemberg, Germany, axed 67
yara 1 month and 21 days.
: IT7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend- the funeral to-morrow
! (Thursday), at 1 o'clock, from her 1 late resi-
dence, 1617 Sutter. street, between Octavia
and Laguna. Interment Mount Olivet Ceme-
tery, by carriage.
HAMILTON— In this city, September 9, 1901,
Annie Hamilton, a native of Ireland aged 79
, years. : ¦.: .
INGLIS— In this city, September 9, 1901. Jane,
beloved wife of James Inglis, and mother of
Charles and James Inglis. a native of Eng-
land, aged 72 years 4 months and 5 days.
(Utica, N. Y., papers please copy.)
tC7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Wednesday), at 11:30 o'clock, from her late
residence, 3327 Eighteenth street. Interment
Cypress Lawn Cemetery. Services at the
chapel of Cypress Lawn. '
JOHNSON— In this city, September 10, 1901,
Olif, beloved son of Olif and Mlna Johnson,
and brother of William S. and. Victor O.
Johnson, a. native of San Francisco, asred 4
years and 3 days:
LYNCH— In • this city, September 10, 1901, Jo-
hanna, wife of P. B. Lynch, and mother of
Mary T. and Joseph A. Lynch, a native of
Ireland, ased 70 years. •
McNAMARA— In this city, September 8. 190V
Kate, beloved wife of the late James J. Mc-
Namara, and mother of James J, .Lilly. Ka-
tie, John and Annie McNamara and Mrs.
Charles Chase, a native of Ireland, azed 42
yaare. ' • '
• EyFrlends and acquaintances ane respect-
fully invited to ' attend the funeral to-day
(Wednesday), at 9:30 o'clock, from the par-
lors of McAvoy & Co., 1239 Market street,
between Eighth and Ninth, thence to St.
Joseph's Churci for services. Interment Hcjly
Cross Cemetery;
MACKINTOSH— In this city, September 9, 1901,
Jane H., dearly beloved wife of Charles D.
Mackintosh, and sister of W.' S., John,
James, Grace and Robert Young, Mrs. John'
McMuIlan and Mrs. John Stark, a native of
Govan, Scotland, aged 39 years 4 months and
9 days. : •
ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Wednesday), at 1:30 o'clock, from her late
rfteldence. 649 Wisconsin street. Interment
Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
MERGUIRE— In Palo Alto, Cal., September 8.
1901, John L., beloved husband of Elizabeth
A. Merguire, and father of George L. and J.
D. ¦ Mereulre and Mrs. W. B. Lawrence, a
native of Portland, Me., aged 65 yearn 5
months' and 6 days. (Portland, Me., and
Boston papers please copy.)
IC^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Wednesday), at 10:45 o'clock, from Baptist
Church, Palo Alto. Interment I. O. O. F.
Cemetery upon arrival of 1:30 oC clock train
I at Third and Townsend 1 streets. ," . •
MERRILL— In this city. September 10, 1901,
Charles A. Merrill, husband of the" late Clara
Merrill,, and father of Robert and Charlotte
Merrill and Mrs. Wesley J. Scott, a native
of Maine, aged 64' years.
MILLER— In this city, September 10, 1801,
Georgina, dearly beloved daughter of James
and Alma Miller, and sister of Gustave,
James I., Theodore and Annie M. R. Miller,
a native of Seattle, Wash., aged 11 years 10
months and '4 days.
NIXON— In. San Jose, September 9, 1901, Fred-
erick Nixon, a native of London, England,
ajjed 54 years.
* (E?*Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 1711 Santa Clara avenue, Alameda,
under the auspices of San Francisco Marine
Engineers' Association. Interment Mountain
View Cemetery, Oakland.
ODELL— In Alameda, Cal.. September 10, 1901,
at his residence, 2325% Santa Clara avenue,
George E.- Odell,' a native of Canada, aged
i 76 years.
POWELL^-In" this city, September 9, 1901,
-William J.. beloveu husband of Nellie T.
Powell, son of. Mr. and Mrs. H. E. Crowell,
and brother of Mrs. Louie A. Derrick, a na-
tive of Michigan, aged 35 years ¦. i months
and~4" days.
RILEY— In this city. September 9, 1901, Hazen
, K. Riley, beloved father of Mrs. Calvin- Nut-
tins and John H. W. Riley, a native of
Dover, N. H., aged 81 years 4 months and 11
days.
CyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend 1 the funeral ssrvices
to-day (Wednesday), at "1 o'clock, at St.
Stephen's Church, Fulton street, between
. Webster and Flllmore. Interment Mount
Olivet Cemetery. Remains at the parlors of
H. P. Petersen & Co.. 228 McAllister street.
ROBINSON— In Malabang, P. I.. May 30, 1901.
William G., beloved son of James M. and
Margaret A. Robinson, and brother of Robart
J.. James J., Milton B. and Ada M. Robin-
son, a native of San Francisco, aged 20
years 7 months and 27 days.
ETFriendg and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 9 o'clock, from Holy Inno-
cents' Chapel, Fair Oaks street, between
/Twenty-fifth and Twenty-sixth. Remains at
the mortuary chapel of the Golden Gate Un-
dertaking Company, 2475 Mission street, near
Twenty : flrst, until 8:30 a. m. Thursday. In-
terment Mount Olivet Cemetery.
RUBEN— In Fresno. Cal.V September 8, 1901,
Robert, beloved husband of Lena Ruben, and
father of Paul Ruben and Mrs. Ida Ellis, a
native of Germany, aged 66 years.
E^Friends and acnuaintances are 1 respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Wednesday), at 10:15 O'clock, from B'nai
B'rith Hall, 121 Eddy street. Interment
Homu of Peace Cemetery, by train leaving
Third and .Townsend streets at 11:30 o'clock.
RUSSI— In this city. September 10, 1901, WI1-
helm Ludwiff Russi, youngest and beloved
son of'Wilhelm and Rosa Russi, and brother
. of Edward> Fred and Joseph Wettstein, a
native of San Francisco, aged 3 months and
' 17 days. '.',¦' .
in? Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of ! his parents, 114 Porter avenue, off
Mission road, near Six-Mile House. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery.
SCHILLING — In this city. September 9. 1901.
Mary Ellen Schilling, dearly beloved wife of
¦ Charles L. Schilling, beloved mother of
Thomas Cavanagh and. Richard, Augusta and
Anna Schilling, and sister of Bridget Con-
nelly and Thoma3 Connelly of Ireland, a na-
tive of Sligo, parish of Dramard, County
Sllgo, Ireland, aged 54 year* 9 months and
21 days. • , . ¦ • •. .
IDTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited' to" attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late
residence, southeast corner -of San. Brun.i
.avenue and Fifteenth street, thence to th-»
Church of St. Charles Borromeo, corner of
Eighteenth and Shotwell streets, where a
solemn requiem high mass will be celebrated
for the repose of her soul, commencing at a
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
SMITH— In this city, September 7, 1901, infant
son of Mr. and Mrs. F. O. Smith.
SPENCER— In Oakland. September 10, • 1901.
Ellen Wallace Spencer, a native of New
York, aged C5- years. '
STANLEY— In this city. September 9. 1901, C.
Mortimer, dearly beloved son of Florence and
the late C. L. Stanley, a native of Chicago,
aged 24 years 7 months and 11 days'.
(C5*The funeral will . take place to-morrow
(Thursday), at 10:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of J. C. O'Connor & Co., 767 Mission street.
Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery, by 11:30
o'clock train from Third and . Townsend
streets. '.".¦; ' ' ¦ ' ".
STOCK— In this city, . September 10. 1901, Mar-
guerite Rose Stock (nee Jacob), beloved wife
of Sol M. Stock, mother of Lloyd S. Stock,
daughter of Emile and Leontine Jacob, and
HEN R Y J. GALLAGHER CO.
- (Successor to Flannagan & Gallagher.)
DANIEL P. DONOVAN. .Mgr.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
20 Fifth -St.. -opposite Lincoln School.
.Telephone South 80.' ¦..
Mt. Olivet Cemetery ,
• San ¦ Mateo ¦¦ County. ' • • . .
OFFICE 916 MARKET STREET.
• J. HENDERSON. Manager.
JAMBS McGINN, I
Formerly with McGinn Bros.; has opened
new Funeral Parlors at 214 .Eddy st bet.
Taylor and ' Jones. , Telephone South 57g.~ .
I UNITED UNDERTAKERS.
27 and . 29 Fifth st: Tel. South 167.
nrUERAIi DIRECT0R3 AKD EMBAUfEB3.
_J^negj_Jj^ipment at; Moderate Rates. :
¦ NEWFIBM OF UNDERTAKERS. r-
1 Samuel McFadden. 18 ¦ years manager for
the United Undertakers' Association: -M.
J. McBrearty, with the same : company : for
10 years: P.- F. ¦ Green.^ late with J. C.
O'Connor I & Co.. have opened new Funeral
Parlors at 1171 Mission street, between Sev-
¦ tnth and Eighth.V Telephone . South 44. " •-*Again Egan returned to his charge,
aided by a score of lieutenants through
out : the _hall. The gallery," which was
crowded with partisans of both sides," was
very demonstrative, and hisses ¦ were fre
quent.. Egan stood by- his. guns,- and
although frequently . interrupted ¦ managed
to get his reasons for urging the adjourn-
asked that candidates be specifically
pledged on the matter of the acquirement
by the city of the Geary-street Railway
franchise. - ?. t; :
But the spirit of adjournment could hot
be curbed, even a report from the finance
committee presented '; by Chairman Au
bertine recommending an assessment of
50 cents on each member having to give
way temporarily, only to be taken . up
arid passed before the close of the meet
ing. The opponents of adjournment
fought stubbornly for immediate action
on it. but were outvoted and outgen
eraled. • '¦ - . .,. ¦»- : -
The deceased had been, under medical
treatment for paresis. It is believed • by
his family that he went ¦ to the S parlor
early in the morning to treat himself
with a galvanic battery and that he made
an unsuccessful attempt to turn off ' the
gas . when about to leave the room. He
was a native of Ireland aged 60 years
and a porter by occupation.
Thomas Duffy, an invalid j residing at
2719 Mariposa street with his family, was
found dead on. the parlor floor at 8 o'clock
yesterday morning by his son, Thomas
F. Duffy. One of the gas keys was part
ly turned on, but the doors and windows
cf the parlor were open. >". '¦'. , .
Duffy was hurried to the City and
County Hospital but died before ! he
reached that institution ¦ - • -
His Horrified Son Finds Him Dead
'on the Floor of the Parlor in
• Their Home. ' . ,.
HARDLY had . the . preliminary
. routine matters of the conven
tion of the Union Labor party,
in session at Metropolitan.Tem
ple, been disposed of last night
than Delegate Thomas J. Egan was on
his feet and made a motion to adjourn.
The roll had been called, the minutes read
and approved, and then Eagan: jumped "up.
Chairman Millmore. not hearing a see- ,
ond, did not entertain Egan's motion,
but proceeded with the seating of -new,
delegates from unions whicn have not
heretofore been represented. .
These were as follows:
Shipcalkers' Union— Henry I. '. Power, John
McKenna and James Powers.
Riggers' and Stevedores'— W.' McKevltt, I.'
HcKeon, Patrick Furlong, M. ' J. Moran, . J.
Korteh.' P. F.' Whealey. " • ¦:
Rammers' Union — Thomas Burke. — ;
Carriage and Wairon Makers' — D. McLaugh
lin. ¦ . . • -....,.
The convention now. numbers 2S8 dele
gates, representing 74 unions. - ; . .
When the. credentials of two alternates
from the Cooks' and Waiters' Alliance
were read J. C. Lane, who was formerly
business agent, declared that his signa
ture to the credentials was a forgery.
President Grimmer explained how it was
done, and after a warm exchange ~ of
words across the hall and consideration
by the credentials committee the matter
was referred- back to the union for settle
ment. . . . - - •
Delegate . Hoffmann- of ; the same • union
created a mild sensation by a- communi
cation recomending- that the convention
go outside of labor unions for the neces
sary candidates for -the ticket.. The
Richmond District Improvement Club,
through- Charles H. Hubbs, president,
THOMAS DUFFY, AN INVALID, ]
IS SUFFOCATED WITH GAS
Totals jggo *0«
i.« Ot^ Tce^^ Uvn tor mi at" Berkeley. £m|
lest 3 ear, ZZZ2.
*JL was furt £ er agreed that the sum of
S2000 a year should be expended under tfte
personal direction of Professors Putnam
and Mernam and that Professor Mer
riam should have the immediate charge
of the field work.
The following appointments and changes
were made by the regents at the recom
mendation of President Wheeler;
,> W f lso .o. J -- the . B - S.. University of Call-
B?8-SJSSSBS in drawing al m vice
.shailft^^m'- •= Span-
Thomas Milton Putnam, B. S. '97 Ph n
b%t- c :.\ s vt per annum: vic>e Arc^
fof oSob^r^ovem^^^rD^em^r
the rate of $100 per month JJecemDer - 1901 . «
Ccnrad Loring. K S.. University ot Califor
<™ °2-, .t SE ; s \ ant in physics at Jic0 Per annum
from August 1. to succeed W. T. Skilling. re-
Percy Melrose Xewhall. B S Unlversltv of
California. '9S. graduate •assistant fn &
pmeermg at J500. to succeed J. H. Stutt, re-
Benjamin F. Mills Jr.. secretary In the LirV
Obsen-ator>- at tS40. A. J. Cloud resisrned
Carl Wibel, instrumrat maker In t™e Lick
s^ed'" 00 ' at J3CK) - ViCC F - W - Topkln."*
C monuT- er In the UDi -
P. Winter. M. A., Hanard, '94 B 1^. T'ni
n or^ B I^ r n e 'at Ph # 0 (JOhnS H ° PklnS) ' ia "
nnWrtng^t^ti). 11 - S< instruc tor in cIvU en
!<™; hn A " ReIdf B ' ?' a£sistant »° geology at
& 4- ra V' ES V aEs4stant Sn Physics at SSCO.
month ' FurbjEh> »* •stant in physics at $40 a
Arthur L. Kroeber Instructor In anthronol
cgy, at J12C0; Pliny E. Goi« MA S
cnt in anthropolcgy, at £300. ' "
ccpted- f ° ll0WinS resi^ nations ac
ftructor In charge of viticulture olive culture
•in* tacteriology. to take effect' December a
Einanu-El sad Le Conte Fellows.
Allen H. Ramsay of Salem, Or. and W H
Ferguson of Berkeley were appointed Emanu'
dearie jear. The amount of the fellowship in
each instance Is «5n. Hiss Alice Robertson
f n n, F - C-C* 1 *'™ » : «« appointed L^ Com"
fallows. Each wilj receive one-ha'.f of the
income of the Le Ooute felloxv-shin fund
=mounur. e , for the. current ycar,°to aCout $"^
, The Regents accepted from Mrs. Hearst
a portrait of Captain John A. Sutter Jnd
one of the Hon. John B. Felton
The resignation of Dr. Benjamin R
Swan, professor of the diseases cf chU
dren, was accepted and William B Le
¦rttt was appointed to fill the vacancy
Dr. Thomas W. Kuntington was an
pointed professor of clinical and od4S
tive surgerj-. "p--ra-
President Wheeler reported the total
registration at the university as follows:
'Graduate student*
Undergraduate Etuiients 1S60 isgjl
Mrs. Hearst's offer to the regents was
made in a modest way. She arrived at the
meeting while President Benjamin I.
Wheeler ¦wras reading his report, and at
the close of the reading" she motioned to
him to make another report to the
regents. This he seemed reluctant to do,
and reauested her to address the board.
She declined to do so, wliereupon Presi
dent Wheeler said that he would have
preferred Mrs. Hearst to make the offer,
but, as she had requested him to do it, he
would gladly perform the pleasant task.
He said that anthropological specimens
¦were arriving at the university every day
and that Mrs. Hearst had suggested to
him that a department of • anthropologv
was sadly needed. She at the same time
informed him that she woifld be only too
glad to defray the expenses. of the depart
ment- President Wheeler added that Mrs.
Hearst suggested that the department
be governed by an honorarv advisory com
mittee composed of the xollowing mem
bers:
«?*j£ P re£ident °f. the university, Frederick
>\ . Putnam, professor of American archaeology
end curator of the Peabody Museum, Harvard
University; Phebe A. Hearst. Regent Univer
sity of California; Alice C. Fletcher, Thaw
fellow and assistant in American ethnology,
i'eabody Museum. Harvard University- Zelia
Xuttall, honorary assistant in Mexican arch
peo!o£y. Peabody Museum, Harvard Univer
sity; Franz Boas, professor of anthropology,
Columbia University, and J. C. Merrtain as
sistant professor or palaeontology. University
of California.
Officers of the department— A. L; ' Kroeber,
instructor in anthropology. University of Cali
loraia; P. E. Goddard. assistant In anthro
pology. University of California; J. C. M. E.
d Aquln. assistant secretary and executive
officer.
Several members of the advisory com
mittee met recently, the president 'said, at
.Mrs. Hearst s residence and plans were
outlined for furthering the work of the
department of anthropology. Among the
suggestions made were that Dr. Kroeber
be paid a salary cf $1200 -a year and be
allowed a sum not exceeding J1SOO for one
year for expenses and the purchase of
ethnological material- met with during his
linguistic researches among the Califor
nia Indians; that Dr. Goddard be paid a
salary of $9C»3 a year and be allowed a
sum not exceeding $600 a vear for ex-
A number of changes wore ma<de in the
faculty, and the report tiled showed a
large Increase in the number of students.
Tne question of charging tuition fees for
students living outsi&e California was
passed to the next meeting of the board,
which takes place the second Tuesday of
next month.
At the quarterly meeting of Hhe regents
of the University; of CaHfornia, held yes
terday afternoon,' Mrs. Phebe Hearst, in
her quiet and modest manner, stated that
she thought the university would be
greatly benefited by the 'establishment of
a department of anthropology, aind added
that she would gladiy pay the annual
expenses of the department. The expenses
will amount to fully. $50,000 a year. Her
generous ofter was accepted by the board.
Several Changes Made Among
Faculty .Confirmed .by <
the Regents, i %%-:;. [
Anthropological De
partment.
Mrs. Hearst Provides for
NEW MUSEUM
FOR UNIVERSITY
12
Smuggled Cigars . Seized.
. Fifteen ', hundred^ 'and • fifty • smuggled
cigars were seized yesterday, morning -by
customs inspectors . on .board • the • = army
transport General Dix from Manila. ' . > ¦-
Steals a Carpenter's" Plane.
Edward RuEseW^vas convicted by Judge
Fritz yes^crday. : on a charge of petty ' lar
ceny for.: stealine;a" plane belonging to V:
Anderson, a carpenter,- on* Sutter. street
Monday. -..The* Judge x sentenced.', him tu
serve six months inthe County Jail. .' •
Is Steps "are .being.; taken for the.organiza
tlonjof;the- civil: service clerks and depu-,
ties employed in th'e city government into
an association.- .The : object of the asso
ciation . is ¦ to mutually I protect . those under
civil > service Inrthe. event .that a change
cf administration would be inimical to the
merit system. "The association will be
organized* on similar, lines : to the one now
existing 'in \ Federal civil = service.
" One >eauty' about ."Jesse Moore .Whiskey .js
you can' always 'dtpend en Its, purity. •
Civil Service Clerks Organize.
Petitions in Insolvency. -
Petitions in Insolvency " were . filed yes- !
terday In the United States District Court '
f s J oUo ™s: David-La .Fontaine/ bar- !
tender, Sacramento; liabilities -$787 10* riO' ;
assets; ; John Henry. Nedderman. farmer,'
Sacramento, liabilities $742 assets $83 25« .
Longshoreman's , Skull Fractured.
Victor Davenport, a longshoreman,
while; assisting in dischargingl the cargo
from the ' schooner . A.'< M. r , Baxter, at" sec
tion 3 of the seawall yesterday afternoon,
had his skull badly fractured, and* the
scalp on the left- side cf his head lacer
ated .by" the collapsing, of .two :. piles , of
lumber. At . the time of' the accident,
Davenport was down between decks pass
ing up lumber to the men above. • He was
taken to the Harbor : Hospital,' but was
later to the City and County
.Hospital. : . . :.. '
Daniel . T. . Murphy, ..who 'applied for a
distribution of ;. his - brother's ¦ portion of
his sister's estate - in ; the • face ' of ;, a . re
straining order issued^ by: Judge Murasky,
in.theTopinlonTof Judge Sloss is guilty of
contempt, j; His Honor,' however, ' did not
absolutely; decide the: contempt' case and
will not until he : has j reread the restrain
ing. order; : .. ; - v' -
. Murphy's counsel endeavored . to - show
that "the order ; should not have been is-'
sued ' by Judge Murasky, . claiming' that
the portion -of ; the estate concerned was
rightfully his; client's rby. virtue of two
deeds of conveyance' from his brother, S.
B.;J.F.\ O'Neill Murpfy. ...../ •
Is- Guilty *bf Con
tempt.'
Judge Sloss Thinks Daniel T. Murphy
SHOULD HAVE OBEYED
"RESTRAINING ORDER'
' A me&ting of delegates from . German-
American societies of San Francisco was
held last' evening- in Union-square Hall
for the purpose of. forming a branch or
ganization, of , the- ¦ German-American
League of California. ; Professor. William
Zimmerman called the '; meeting '.to border
and proposed that « Dr. : , Frank, VKuckefn
should be' made president. .This selection
was ratified. A report of the organization
of the German-American League in East
ern cities, and especially in Philadelphia?
was made by Professor Goetz. There
are organizations of German-Americans
in". New York. Pennsylvania," Michigan,
Wisconsin, Ohio, Minnesota and' other
Western and Eastern States which have a
large German - American population.
Their purpose is to bring the German so
cieties closer together, to foster the ; Ger-\
man language, to study German literature
and kindred topics. .There is also a'ben
evolent feature • connected with the or
ganization. Each State body is affiliated
with the national- body,- which .- has its
headquarters in .Philadelphia. ;" In San
Francisco there are 140 organizations of
German-Americans.^ Thirty of these were
represented at last night's meeting. After
the matter, had been thoroughly, discussed
it was voted' to have a committee of seven
to stimulate interest among the local Ger
man-American societies, with instructions
to report within fourteen days. The chair
man of this committee is M. A.-Bertheau.
California Branch of the ! Na
/.'': '*'¦:':¦ , tional Body. ¦¦'¦..
Preliminary Steps Taken to Form a
STATE ORGANIZATION \ V ' !
OF GERMAN SOCIETIES
Cole Case Continued.
The case of Charles C. Cole, porter for
the Indianapolis Furniture Company,
charged with -- grand larceny for stealing
rolls of carpet and other goods from his
employers' store, was called in Judge
Fritz's court yesterday. The defendant
was instructed as to his rights on the
three charges. against him and his attor
ney. ex-Judge Ferral, said he was ready
to proceed. ¦ As Attorney Peter Dunne,
who is to specially prosecute, was en
gaged in the Superior Court, the cases
were continued till Friday morning. .At
the request of ¦ th$ defendant's attorney
his bonds -were reduced to ?1000 on one
charge and $750 on each of the two. other
charges. ' ' . : .
.Timothy Fitzpatrlck, the vault porter,
testified that- he knew nothing about the
Selby bills. - It was ; the custom : for - him
to receive orders from the cashier to de
liver-so many, tacks of -gold .to Selby's.
He loaded -the; sacks' on .the trucks: and
the. cashier counted them. -He gav© no re
ceipt to;the cashier, and the cashier gave
none I to him. - One ' of his i duties . was the
exchanging of gold'forsilver coin. - This
closed- the -.testimony on "the first charge
of embezzling $498.'
¦*"-. The ¦ second charge, that of presenting
false claims for • $901, -was submitted to
the . commissioner on the - evidence taken
for the first charge. < " ¦¦¦-.-* .. - .-. .,
Attorney for DImmick asked
that> the ; $30,000 grand larceny- charge be
taken, up at v once, claiming that all evi
dence introduced in that charge would' be
applicable to the ; other three— - ¦• ¦
¦ The District Attorney demurred and the
court -decided* in: his favor.;
'It is 'evidently the intention of; the Dis
trict ;Attcrn"ey»to delay the hearing until
the Grand'' Jury, completes. its investiga
tion of the three. several charges and the
$30,000 grand larceny > charge. If ¦- indict
ments should be found- the case will then
be • removed to the Federal , courts.
The morning session Drought out ndth
ingof any signal importance. W." K.
Cole, cashier of the Mint, testified that
the moneys of the Mint were not In his
custody, but In the hands of the superin
tendent, who was responsible for- their
safety. -¦_ His : duty was to pay out • on
orders through the superintendent or his
chief clerk. : : • .
The preliminary hearing of Waiter! N.
Dimmick before Commissioner E. H. Hea
cock was resumed yesterday morning.
Two witnesses were examined during the
session, and then on an' affidavit made
by Marshal B. Woodworth, United-States
District Attorney, that his presence was
necessary before the Federal Graha Jury
during the afternoon, further hearing was
continued, until Thursday morning at 10
o'clock. ¦
United States District Attorney Is
Evidently. Awaiting Action of ' V
. : Federal QranH Jury,
blMMiCK'S EXAMINATION
\\-\ \ IS . PRqCEEpiNG., SLOWLY
"Matters are so. shaping themselves,"
he said, "that the adjournment is a mat
ter of political necessity. It is also neces
sary_that the cause of unionism may tri
umph. ¦; As : union men we should know
whatsis in, the air, but we cannot now
make these reasons public."
.When Chairman Millmore put the ques
tion on .the adoption of the substitute he
claimed-that- It -was lost,' and>.that car
ried, with; it the original motion. Egan
appealed from the decision "of- the" chair
,and Cushing'a. parliamentary tactics were
handled without ploves.. On a vote Less
who.-took the chair pending the vote on
the -appeal, decided the chair had been
sustained, -.Thare was some grumbling at
this, when Chairman Millmore exclaimed:
I If any. delegate is not-satisfied, he can
come .up and take my- place." -
Delegate Parry finally got ; the matter
straightened out -by. a new motion, and
the convention adjourned for a week.
"The middle .ages, that Is from about
the year 500 to 1500." said Father Shahan
last- evening, "represent the period of the
Catholic church's greatest power and
glory and for that reason I think my
lectures will be especially Interesting."
.Subsequent lectures will be given on the
13th, 16th. 19th and 23d insts.
"Vhere - he will remain, the guest of , the
Archbishop, during his stay in San Fran
cisco. Father Shahan will this evening
in Metropolitan Hall deliver the first' of
a course of lectures ' on • the middle ages.
The subject of his lecture to-night will
be "The Catholic Church, the Mother, of
Our Modern Civilization." "• ;.',. V
The Rev. Thomas J. Shahan, D. D.,
professor of church history in the Cath
olic University of America at "Washing
ton, D. C, arrived in this city yesterday
and is domiciled at - 1122 Eddy street.
Dissertations on the Middle
Ages.
He Will Deliver the First of Five
FATHER • SHAHAN . WILL
LECTURE THIS EVENING
A meeting of delegates to the San Fran
cisco Protective -Association, comprising
representatives from the ¦ retail - liquor
trade of this city, .was held yesterday at
the" headquarters of the association, 214
California street, President J. T. Hurley
in the, chair. Secretary Edmund Lauter
bach presented some interesting statistics
as : to the numerical strength of ? the
organization. It was decided, after spirited
discussion,' to take no action r of "any
political significance until after the ad
journment of the conventions and then to
indorse. a ticket that might.be' relied upon
for a conservative administration of the
laws affecting liquor trade interests.
Liquor Traffic Interests.
In many respects Martin Kelly is an
abler, boss than the colonel, but in owlish
silence — the quiet -assumption of superior
knowledge of inside affairs— Kelly is out
classed by his fellow boss. When it comes
to ringing oratory, or the smashing, of
ballot-boxes with a battle-ax, the veteran
statesman of the Twenty-eighth— the rude,
unpolished boss of the rounders— can give
the colonel points.. It is time for Kelly to
introduce something to divert the atten
tion of delegates and amuse the - spec
tators of the political contest. .Here is
the colonel, without the support of a
single delegation, acting, for all the world
as • if he owned the whole works, while
the boss of the Twenty-eighth, with, a
string of sixty delegates, is afraid to name
his choice for chairman of the convention.
Boss Kelly may. be compelled .by the
peculiar -exigencies of the. campaign ' and
the obvious lack of vigorous leadership to
hire an office in a.tall building, employ. a
corps of messengers and accord Interviews
to men who are not candidates. .
Kelly Is. Thrown in the Shade.
Blank emerges from i the precincts of
wisdom and mingles in the world of com
mon . knowledge. As soon as" he. meets
his political supporters he tells, them that
it is all off— that Tom Jones ls^ slated for
Recorder. The word is passed along the
line, the delegates hear it and being
anxious to back winners tumble into
Jones' camp. ¦ ; ¦ .
Blank replies, assenting to the postpone
ment, but wondering if the colonel -will
not distribute too much of the patronage
before >the interview takes place. Next
day the appointment is kept. The colonel
is urbane and affable, but in no sense
voluble. It is a trick of the colonel's to
look wise and say little. Still, he greets
Blank with silent warmth and promises
to feel the delegates and send for him.
When Blank retires the colonel, in the
vast depths of his profound wisdom, de
cides to send forth messengers to ascer
tain something about the real candidates
for Recorder, for example. In due time
the messenger returns and tells the,col
onel that Tom Jones is making a good
tight. for the place, has many delegates
pledged and stands the best chance of
winning. Thereupon Blank is advised to
see the colonel again. At the appointed
time ¦ another interview takes place. The
colonel, looking wiser than the wisest
of sacred owls, savs: "The- convention
will meet on the 16th. but- will do noth
ing more than organize. . It will adjourn
for two weeks. Now, about the nomina
tion for Recorder. I am sorry ¦ that I
cannot give it to you. Personally you
are my choice, but after feeling the del
egates and ascertaining their wishes and
estimating the force of their suggestions
I conclude that Tom Jones ought to have
that nomination. Don't be a hard loser,
but- stand in with the boys for Jones and
you will be recognized.'.' ' ........
Where the Colonel Looks Wise.
Blank is assured that his chances are
as good as those of anybody else, and the
hint is out that he ought to see
the "colonel." The suggestion that he
ought to see the colonel is conveyed as
something profoundly important, i^inally
the messenger -agrees to bring about an
interview with the colonel and the time, is
fixed for "Thursday afternoon at 3 o'clock
in the" colonel's office." .. At Sacramento
everything was predicted to happen
"next Thursday," but despite Daniel and
all the rest of the prophets nothing hap
pened according • to prrophecy. However,
Blank prepares to meet his colonel at the
appointed time, . but before the hour
named the colonel calls him. up by
"phone." The colonel says: - "I am sorry,
but I will not be able to keep my engage
ment with you at 3 o'clock to-day. I. was
detained much longer than I expected to
be by other parties. Would it be con
venient to defer our interview until to
morrow, say 3 o'clock?". .
The new game as played by the colonel
is a clever one— really cleverer, than any
thing he introduced at Sacramento, bar
ring the Cosper trick. It is played in this
fashion: The colonel knows blank as a
good fellow, popular and ambitious to
hold office. -He knows also that Blank
has not the. ghost of a chance to get a
nomination,- yet he sends Eddie Conroy
or some other- messenger to make a
sounding. ¦ Blank • is ' approached . with a
suggestion that he ought to get in the
race for Recorder, for instance. Blank
listens and responds: "Oh, vhere is no
show for me. I am not in politics for of
flee, and if I; wanted - a. nomination.- ¦ I
couldn't get it."
Burns 'Is Playing a Hew Game.
Colonel Dan Burns appreciates the sit
uation and is now doing local politics in
a style that ¦ creates .infinite amusement
for, those who are on the inside. There is
not* a -.delegation in the- convention • that
he can control in the manner that Martin
Kelly can control the Twenty-eighth and
Twenty-ninth District bunches, but he
can assume such a mysterious knowledge
of i the situation that many of the dele
gates . and. several of the candidates are
persuaded to the notion that a word from
his lips will settle ¦ an aspirant's fate.
The delegates who were chosen at the
primary, election August 13 are still wait
ing and wondering— waiting for some pro
gramme to be presented and ' wondering
if, a leader has. been ", found. .There have
been several conferences and many indi
vidual exchanges of sentiment regarding
organization and line of action,-, but the
element- of leadership seems to be lack
ing in every delegation. The failure or
neglect of delegates to take hold of af
fairs,for themselves is giving the bosses
just such an opportunity as the shrewd
political manipulator desires.
Delegates to the Republican Municipal
Convention who are not inclined to sup
port either Tauezky or Riordan for chair
man talk, of putting forward John R.
Hlllman of the Thirty-seventh District
for. the; chairmanship. Hillman is one of
the flve Grand Hotelers,' but his anti-boss
record in the County Committee is
straight. He fought consistently against
the surrender of the organization to Kelly
and Crimmins. "J-V.
Seekers.
Chance to Pool Office
Lack of Leadership Affords
New Political Trick to
Sound Republican
Delegates.
BURNS DEVISES
A CLEVER GAME
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAI/L, WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 1 1, 1901.
Succeed in Carrying Their Point, After a Stubborn -Fight, on 'the Ground
That Important Matters Which Wil
Cause of Unionism, and Now in Process of Require Delay
LABOR CONVENTION LEADERS DECIDE
UPON ADJOURNMENT FOR ONE WEEK
In an j impassioned - speech . Egan said
in presenting the Emotion for adjournment
for. one week- he was only actuated- by
the " highest motives for the good of ' the
cause. •¦•-.' -
ment for a week before the convention.
Amendments were offered 'Without num
ber, and -the house was well tangled up
when Markey of the Brotherhood • of
.Teamsters offered : as a substitute for the
whole a 1 motion to adjourn for two weeks.
Egan rushed over to him , and Markey
withdrew his substitute,- but Chairman
Millmore refused to. allow its withdrawal
without . the consent ot the convention. •
DELEGATE THOMAS J. EGAN IMPLORES MEMBERS OF THE UNION
LABOR PARTY, ASSEMBLED IN CONVENTION AT
TAN HALL, TO ADJOURN FOR BENEFIT OF TRADES-UNIONISM.
tB3k CHICHCSTKR'S ENGLISH
teHVROYAL PILLS
5 »-<*^X - . __°r | Bl»"» ¦»«« Only atm^nST
¦^M-a.^ffi^aaaSte-
'faai'"i6i&gB*^-~ -"-a TRACY . Cal., June 1.
* lO^l'-i Market St.— Dear
KjlM ¦¦', ¦ '..^jffBgJTylj Slr: T he glasses arriveJ
" f»| '*¦"'•. ¦¦¦' i ' : ' ' : '*S»w9Wsgfe3 to-day and are satlsfHC-
I^J^^ljftg^^^M^tory in all respects. They
W0J? M$!^£Mfr fi are really the first glass-
'fm^'Jirk^ 4&m***£$*- es l have evfer had which
i W&'j&s&W&S&M W$$!t with which" you made the
I '^'WS^^^^^ &0?M test '¦- l - ¦ was afraid they
! W^^^^^^WM might not be right, but
|s«Py&£$*)»50r- ' K^ anl a £reeab!y surprised.
P^S '¦¦^^^¦^7^^ BRITTON.-T Mayerie"s
piiijMf *' '^ ¦"iJ$i&t$El6£ *"'las?es Strengthen tha
„ T .. _ -Eye iin^l L>r^iin. German
Eyewater. 50e.' CITO&QE "W *V i"FHTT5 ¦
German % Expert -¦ Optician, 107lVi Market
i itroel. '.Cut. this cut. - .
¦-'"". ¦ '' " " *- * ' ' i . ----- ' J " *-
* ¦ ¦ Imt ¦ PSBi
„<-— 'Phone Howard 102L
119 TAYLOR -STREET, /
Compare 0¥ Groceries! .
Prices Spsak for Themselves!
40c jar EXTRACT OF BEEF 30c.
DIITTCD Fanc y Creamery, «J7l«
BUII tn Ke brand\ "ffiS 37jC
grade table butter. • .-i- •
"ELGIN" BUTTER. Pound 25c.
nipr Best Japan. 5 pounds OC*»
nlUL Fu " , whlte sraln when /nR
IWta cooked. Usually 8c lb. 4>uu
Extra CORN MEAL. 33c sack 22»£c
COFFEE po^d J^ a .. a f. d .^. ha : 25c
yv " lbb lWper cent pure. Our tUl f
highest price. Usually 35c. --^
S lbs. Broken JAVA AND MOCHA 50c.
TABLE CLARET gggl 35c
body. Pure wine. Cannot be sold for
less. Usually 60c. •
$1.00 bottle ROCK AND RYE 75c.
PINEAPPLE f«» ¦(,••" I2ic
Packed where " fc Z v
grown % No eyes or cores. Usually 20c.
50c uncolored Japan TEA. Pound 33c.
Cl nilD xxx Patent Roller. 23- A M A
rLUUn p°™* sacks.... Z14R
U " Purity, Acme or Horace TU
Davis. Highest grades milled. Contain
gluten and elements unknown in cheap
flour. Usually 55c.
. 3 tins BEST SHRIMP 2oC.
U 111 Eastern. All brands. Pound |O-
flAm On sale Saturday night \AP,
""'"only. Worth 16c to 18c. IUU
CHIPPED BEEF. "Country Club."
Tin 15c.
PU II I C A II PC Ml "s- Faber's celebrat-
UniLI uKUUL ed home-made now
being put up. Sea and
sample at store.
40c Bottle. LEMON EXTRACT 25c.
i^^^^-MEN and
Can obtain reaeir-
J |^aag^r^ At *N vliior by tha use of
' JV5^yAN5^v\ V "Dr. Plerce's (lat-
. /^X jyrfj v\v* % est Improved)
' */• rA\fY\^\* "I1ICTBIC BBir*
end Appliances. Drugs do not cure. Elec-
tricity is the remedy! Buy no Belt until
you see Dr. Plerce's, for It la the BEST.
Thousands cured!
IcyCall at office, or lend a 2c stamp for
new "Booklet No. 2." Address PIERCE
ELECTRIC CO.. 20« Post st.. San Fran-
cisco. Eastern office— 1145 Broadway. New
Tcrk.
r •, ' -^FkH IS WEEK
WE ; WILL HAVE ON SALE
COMPLETE LINES OF THE FOLLOWING .•¦"•> ;,
GLOVE DEPT.
We have just ODened a large shlument of
the celebrated Reunier Gloves, in iotli Glace
and Suede, Theu are in the latest Parisian
colors, also White,' Black and Opera shades.
TRIMMING DEPT.
New Trimmings in Black, White and Colored
¦;?'S Silk ADpliaue, full assortment Persian Trim-
minas, and Black; Silk and Renaissance
V Trimmings in great Yarietu, •
LACE DEPT.
. , Fall opening- of New Laces,. In: Edglnors, In*
- sertings, Galons and AlloYersj New Ap-
pligue, Mgusseline de Soie and Taffeta
Frontingsj Face Veilings and Chiffon Trim-
mings. /
HOSIERY DEPT.
."A large stock of New -Black and Colored
Ladies' Lisle Hose, Ladies 1 Lace Hose, Jjoth
plain Black and Emiroidered, and great
varietg of Children J s. Hose in Cotton and
Cashmere; Men's and Women's Underwear
in all dualities.
SPECIAL SALE.
30 pieces Genuine Camel J s-Hair Homespuns,
all wool and 52 inches wide, formerly sold
hu us at $1.00 and $1.25" per uard cft n
—special price for these two cases OUo Yard
--111 11^? IIR ¦ \\7 TIO fOl D^C"P CTDCFT *
I >^L— TV e urn^ s^ Monies, flats, ' _J^_1. -
I hVgSglfh hotels and rooming - houses §5^0^
I y com plete. We have' all. the If
A \$ atest designs in furniture., car- I
p p | P ets J curtains and draperies
I UJpl§^ { and will gladly give you an es- 'Sj*^£™
§ 'PoZZS timate. ;ffiv??aS
9 drawers and G«r- tufted, *2. 75
tt man plate mirror, •• ,- '.
5 • " ¦ iiiutoii,,- Credit if you wish: it, ; and Jree
I deliver)- within ioo miles. We
I Ql^^i&^^tf' close at6 ex cept on : Saturday...
j 1 |T -'h T. Brill jairt
I Full Quarter eawed o»k extra- . FURNITURE/COi,
U tion table, piano finish, « Inch 11R.m1JLc> DnCTCTPFFT
ffl top and heavy fluted legs, ex- O.JO-.J4.4 KUo I M KttT,
¦ ..tends to elx feet._ fS.75. " . Oppotlte Union Square. •
-..;¦-.:-.- .. - - ,• > v _ , ¦
can only be restored by.J
glasses that perfectly suit
thefeyes. That Js why it -
is : necessary to have your
glasses fitted \ by experts
who understand all . the-.
"needs of the eyes. Our
long experience in minu-
.facturing and fitting glasses
serves as a guaranty that
*-.\ve vvi!l isri- e- you. jjst the
g|a<sf_v v-^.j require.
ADVERTISEMENTS. .