PRICE FIVE . CENTS.
VOLUME XC-KO.' 4.
s^ : ;i^Nciscb/.';T.p^DAT^j : inpi,v3;:l:i90ii
California Ports May Derive Particular Benefit From thje
Personal Examinations^Which Will Be i: Made by Members
of a Committee From ithe. House of Representatives
CONGRESSMEN COMING TO INSPECT RIVER AND HARBOR
IMPROVEMENTS OF PAC IFIC CO AST STATES AND ALASKA
MEMBERS OF CONGRESSION
AL COMMITTEE NOW ON
WATTO THE COAST."
Continued on : Second Page.
- ¦¦• ¦ ¦¦'.¦¦.. i ' ~ ¦
Grant Memorial Statue.
:¦ WASHINGTON, ; June , 3.— The V .Grant
statue- >¦ or ¦ memorial, .commission; has
Issued - ai pamphlet- inviting .'.the
tition ,i of • for ; models.^whlch
must ;be* submitted , between* March, rand
April' 1." 1902. ?- The statue or memorial will
cost $240,000.' .- -i V';- •-.•¦': ;.V %' '
Says ) Flay • Is ; Itevolutionary.
: ' LONDON, ¦ June - 4.— The7 ! Ottoman ] Govf
ernmenti; 'says \ the ' Constantinopleicorre
spondent -of ; the"* Daily 'Mall^has; : prohib
ited (the performance of ..."Cyrano de Berg
erac,; declaring ¦ It to : be revolutionary. '*.- ".
Head of Universit*jr Resigns.
" LAWRENCE, Kans.,. June 3."—Chancel
lor F. H. Snow, who has been at the head
of. the - University of Kansas \ for eleven;
years, ' has tendered ' his | resignation.'- It,
will . be .. accepted and / ; Chancellor.
Snow will be. given V the^ chair : of natural
history. , Chancellor^ Snow's ; health'- broke'
down a year > ago following) the death C by '
drowning in" the harbor at ; San ; Francisco'
of I his :. son; I a°' newspaper, reporter, % who"
had- gone von a .tug. ;to^' receive 'news
from, a" transport bringing ; soldiers , from"
the - Philippines. '-- He has spent> most '¦ of
tn« year in Calif ornla" on leave.'' • ; "
.;." LONDON; " ' June : i 3.— The : : CBernhardt-
CoquellnVseapon, * under,- the" management
of. Maurice Grau. opened' auspiciously to
night ]. at .Her.' Majesty's Theater,'.; which
was : crowded. *V Mme.jBernhardt' and M.
Coquelin J.were " most ,* enthusiastically " re-
BernhardtOpens in London.
HELD IN - HEAVY BAIL
TO A1TSWEH MUHDER CHAB.GS
of Being Accessory to Poison
ing of Dr. Barnes.
Mrs. Mary McWilliams Is Accuse-.i
Wall of Fire . Sweeping j Along the
Foothills Southwest of
* * . .": X»os Banos. ¦
SPRINGF1ELT>, 111.. June 3.— Mrs. Mary
Me Williams of Qulncy, mother of Mrs.
Mary Barnes of that city, and who was
arrested on a chaxsu of being implicated
in the murder of Mrs. Barnes* husband.
Dr. Joseph 'L. Barnes of Montlcello, for
which crime Mrs. Barnes and William
W. .Ferguson have been Indicted, had her
preliminary examination before Justice
Henderson of Jacksonville to-day, and
was bound over to the Grand Jury in the
sum of $5000, j which she has not given.
Ferguson, the 'negro who confessed to
having given Dr. Barnes poisoned candy
at the Central Hospital for Insane at
Jacksonville, which caused his death, tes
tified that the candy, was given him la
Qulncy by Mrs. Barnes in the presence
of Mrs. McWilliams. • and that the latter
instructed him to ?lve the candy to Dr.
Barnes. ¦ '. '-' ¦¦ '- : ., • '
THOUSANDS OS 1 ACBES .
OF*. GTtATN BZSTBOYHD
,LOS BANO3,,June 3.— A grain fire has
been raging In; the -valleys of the foothills
about eighteen miles . southwest of Los
Banos; since 4/ o'clock this afternoon. A
high west wind Is carrying the flre rapid
ly southeasterly 'toward the plains. It
has probably 'destroyed . 20.000 acres of
grain and feed already. ' Gangs of fire-'
fighters are being sent out from town.
Cup Defender a Speedy Boat.
NEWPORT. R-.I.^June's.— The syndi
cate's America"? ' cup defender Constitu
tion was given a {rial spin to-'day. .Out to
sea in the ; vicinity of the lightship, where
the wind was freshest, the'yacht was sent
hither and thither, 1 close-hauled and on
long.' reaches. Then she was . put about
and coming before the wind swept Into
the -bay,*' making a splendid spectacle for
a racing yacht. , ,
Special Dispatch to The Call.
. /VANCOUVER, B. C, June 3.— In ,a fit
o£ insanity Induced by sickness and by an
alleged insult; Hon. Frank S. ; Lascelles
this morning killed his servant, aChlneso.
who had been in his employ for many
years: Lascelles believed " some one was
trying " to ' break in to his / house." ' He shot
the'Chihese in the hall, just after the ser
vant had entered the door.' -\* '; _
" Lascelles has been ranching for a half
dozen -years : in .Windermere Valley'' in
Ko6tenay. ; 'He : was sent ' out,; to .British
Columbia by his relatives, his brother, be
ing the' Earl of Ha'rcwbod and his "cousin!
Sir Frank' Lascelles. ; the Knglish Embas^
sador to. Germany. ' 'Two months ago jn
neighbor had : him brought - into •court ¦ in
connection'with'a horse-stealing case, 4 and
Lascelles .never; got over :the insult "that
he ; claimed \ this . action put upon j a. man
ofiihls position.: | ; , ,' : v"; ..
r Yesterday Lascelles went out horseback
riding and returned with neither horse,
ha ti nor coat. At 4 o'clock^ this morning
he called John Lambert, his assistant; to
sit up; with, him, as"he could .not -sleep.
Lambert acquiesced," but later fell asleep
and- was soon awakened by. hearing Laa
celles raving downstairs.!; Lascelles [called
out that he would kill the:nrst person he
saw. \ Lambert ran down to quiet him,' but
Lascelles pointed "a rifle at' him and Lam
bert had : to run ' to, save; his life. - / ; -,
A few' minutes Uater a shot was heard
from the I house.': . Lambert, hurried | for fa
policeman and a half dozen arined .men
came ' to*, arrest 'the Englishman-. He ' was
standing, over fthe, body of the"dead cook,
fiercely - kicking v him. He flourished the
rifle j and .was' arrested j after | much/diffl^
culty.v.Thls evening -he "was Uaken . to ¦ the
Provincial Insane -'Asylum at.; Westniins^
ter^:"."-. ' ' '-" "'¦¦'¦¦: ''-"•.••'¦'¦" ¦ s '' - ¦' ¦' '"¦'.."¦¦ _]
Lbses Reason Through Brood-,
ing Over a Fancied :
Insult.
¦ " ¦ — • . ¦ • -* ; •
Special Dispatch to Th« Call.
- EX. PASO, Tex.,'. June 3.— Manager: Ja
bier Zea of the federal telegraph office at
Juarez, Mexico,-, has disappeared, and
after checking .; over j the t accounts of " his
office the auditor has ascertained a short
age of $15,000 exists. Manager Zea left the
city quietly ' a" week , ago. . When; he- went
away - the office , safe . was locke i and ' as
no one knew ! the' combination - it was
necessary to -employ, a locksmith to open
It.- Twelve dollars; iri cash was fall that
was"' found, j Zea's 'shortage >has been in- ;
creasing for, several years,. and. it was not
discovered ,* earlier "owing .to .the" loose
methods of .the j Government j In checking
up its employes' accounts. ". A guarantee
company, of the United .States '« was \ on
Zea's bond to": the extent of " $3000 and . : it
has put detectives^on- his ! tracks", i He ' Is
supposed to have 'gone to San Francisco,
where It Is said he has relatives residing
,at ,406 , Fourth'- street. A: Government 1 in-'
spector 'who 'has* been; working j on. the
case says Zea liad a confederate in'charge
of .the • federal ¦' telegraph;;" office in' some
large city, in the . Interior of Mexico. rW^ith
thc'ald of. this' , confederate^ Zea,' he. says,
managed to", - ; swindle ;: very y^ smoothly.
When in need of $500 or $1000 his confeder
ate" would send . him ; a • telegraph order [ to
pay" the sum desired to, aji Imaginary per-'
son and; Zea would' puL'i»\* money r in 5 his
'pocket.'/^-'; . .', 1 ¦¦'.'¦ > J* ..'.". .'.L. ? '^.'";. s -: ¦;
•; iManager^Zea' was^aThljpR'-flyer.Mlved-on
the,fat'of the -land and^peiit money lav-
: ishiy:'*;\ i; "'. : - ' *' v -i^.-i'-:i%i- t ?': : : /¦ "•' '}¦¦'-.'¦-
,-i The ;' address '. given^on) Fourth > street is
a I store' which i has t riot • been \ occupied • for
six years. ; Iti wai^ never-' usedYas'a'resi
dence. :< ; Inquiry *-*./ all . the houses'" In ythe
block^ failed" to . disclose ? the!, presence"; of
the missine manager.; '
Disappears r From Federal
, Telegraph Office; After a
; - Series of Thefts:
Jabier v Zea -Embezzles
Money Belonging to
• , Mexico. :
MANAGER LEAVES
HEAVY SHORTAGE
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CALL BUREAU, 1406 G ' STREET. N."
W., WASHINGTON, June 3 —The ques:
tion of whether an extra session will be
necessary may be decided at the^ meet
ing of the Cabinet to-morrow, though it
may be postponed to allow additional
time. to Attorney General Knox and. Sec-'
retary of War Root to consider the dis
senting opinions of Chief Justice Fuller
and Justice Harlan in the Downes case
and that of Justice McKenna in the De
Lima case. These opinions, which may
throw some light . on the questions . in
volved, have been delayed in reaching
the Cabinet. . '
The' Attorney General and Secretary -of
War have had several conferences, - and;
although the Attorney General would not
indicate this evening what .conclusion
they would probably reach, he said that
their views thus far were In complete
harmony and that all reports that there
had been any disagreement .between them
were absurd. , They are carefully consid
ering .whether the - Spopner amendment
does not authorize the * collection of
duties on imports from the Philippines to
the United States for : the' benefit of the
treasury of -the Philippines, just as the
duties on the imports from Porto Rico
are ' now. collected for ' the benefit of . the
treasury of Porto Rico. , .
If this cannot be done/they will prob
ably decide that the amendment permits
the imposition of an export tax on goods
shipped from the to the
United States; that tax to be collected
either at the port ; of departure in the
Philippines " or at :the port of' arrival in
the United States and' the proceeds paid
into the insular treasury. >. <
Question of Extra -Session
Will Be Considered' :¦'.
in Pew Days. ';...,' -
Has Not as Yet Received
Views of Dissenting
:% Justices,
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CALL BUREAU, 1406 G STREET, N.
XV.. WASHINGTON, June 3.— The Com
mittee on Rivers and Harbors of the last
House of Representatives started to-day
on an extended tour of the Pacific Coast
States and Alaska for the purpose of in
specting the work .of improvement, pro
posed or already in progress, of the prin
cipal rivers and harbors of that section.
The members of the committee are accom
panied by their wives and other mem
bers of their families, and expect to com
bine a good deal of pleasure 'with the
business which compels their long jour
ney, f
The party will first stop at 'New Or
leans, where they will spend Thursday.
Leaving New Orleans that evening, they
will reach Houston, Tex., early the next
morning, remaining In' that vicinity two
or three days and probably visiting Gal
veston. They will leave Houston for the
Pacific Coast Sunday morning, the 9th
instant, stopping a few hours at San An
tonio . arid El Paso, reaching Colton on
the afternoon of the 11th. . •
To Inspect California Ports.
From Colton the party will travel over
the Southern California railway, to San
Diego and from there . to Los Angeles,
reaching the .latter , place Wednesday
evening, June 12. From Los' Angeles the
party expects to visit Santa 'Monica and
San Pedro, spending .one day in each
place. They will leave Los Angeles Sat
urday, June 15, by the Coast line, j making
a brief stop at Santa Barbara and arriv
ing at San* Luis Oblspo the same, after
noon, where the Pacific Coast line will
haul the cars to Port Harford in season
to make an Inspection of the harbor that
afternoon.
Sunday,, the 16th, will be spent at Del
Monte. Monday, the 17th, the party will
go to Santa Cruz, leaving there the fol
lowing morning for San Francisco, mak
ing brief stops at San Jose and Palo
Alto. They, will arrive at San Francisco
Tuesday afternoon, " June 18, and remain
there until Saturday morning, June 22,
when they will leave by boat for Stock
ton, -where they will ' stay until Sunday
afternoon. Monday, ' Tuesday and
Wednesday, June 24, 25- and 26, .will be
spent in Sacramento and MarysvilleV "T
Work in the Northwest.
On the 27th the party will leave for
Portland, Or. Here the party will dis
miss their special cars and; after a stop
In Portland, they will proceed north,
spending several weeks In the- State of
Washington and In Alaska. The return
Lawmakers Accompanied by
"Wives and Other Mem
bers of Families. ! -
a Chinese While
Insane. ~
*...._? ' — ....... ;_»_< •' i
Frank :S. Lascelles Kills
CABINET AWAITS
COURT OPINIONS
Special Dispatch to The Call.
§ CHEYENNE,. Wyoi. Jufte j 3.-A sheep
herder employed by William Madden of
Lost Cabin was shot down by a party of
Arapahdelndiana fifty. miles northeast' of
Fort •Washakle late, yesterday afternoon.
No details of the • affair or the - victim's
name can _' be learned,' but it is reported
the killing was a- cold-blooded murder. A
telegram from Lander j to-night says the
Arapahoe'lndlans who recently defied In
dian Agent. Nickerson and said they would
hold'thelr sun dance in spite of his or
ders.to the' contrary are arming. This is
the most I serious .turn that affairs have
yet : taken, i and there • Is much \ apprehen
sion ' among white -settlers.: In s the Lander
yalley; It is believed/ that the. threatened
outbreakcapriot be averted without blood
shed and the uso' of troops.*- ' ' ,.
SALT LAKE. Utah,; June 3.- A special
to , the ..Tribune ; from ; Lander, , Wyo., says
that ; as a result of a shooting affray, be
tween ' a" white' man "and an Arapahoe In
dian -which v occurred on; the /^reservation
Sunday, and in 'which the Indian was
killed,-* serious t trouble Is -feared, as the
Indians are'reported to he very' ugly over
the affair..;. It the white, who Is
a stockherder,*ahd 'the Indian quarreled
over a, horse which the; heruer had and
which' 7 the ', Indian > claimed. ''•'••A fight* en
sued, in which about thirty shots were ex
changed before the Indian was killed." The
sheepmen are said to' be < badly frightened
over^the? situation, and are moving "their
herds" closer together, for protection. « They
have sen t - to } the ~~\ outlying , stores for am
munition. ; The herder, who did the killing
has auit.the country. ";*/ ¦¦¦'•'. ". . "
J: WASHINGTON^ June 3— At the request
of." the Interior " Department, the T Secre
tary, of War has instructed "General Mer
fiam.; commandlng^the Department of the
Colorado,- to employ as many of his troops
as may be necessary to. maintain order. on
the .Kiowa reservation in Oklahoma. .This
action •, is \ based: on a" dispatch; from "Col
onerRahdlett.'ln'charge of the Kiowa and
Comanohe ;agency.* reporting/that -at least
1000- intruders' had; settled In Jhe. Wichita'
Mountains, which are within ': the Kiowa
lands soon, to-be opened for settlement,
and they claimed the right to do so under
the^ United '.States 'mineral 'laws.' Secre-'
tary -.Hitchcock' said to-day, thai they had
no) tights i whatever; and'* that they would
be promptly ejected."",- 1 , ¦'./*'. : •.":. \
break of Reds.
Indians Are Arming for
: "Warpath hi Lander
•Valley.?
¦'¦',' ¦--'.' '¦ ')' ¦ .¦ » r
Recent Shooting Affrays May
: Cause ' a General Out-
SETTLERS FEAR
THE ARAPAHOES
EARL'S BROTHER
SLAYS SERVANT
Delegation Will Make
• First Stop at New
Orleans.
START IS MADE
FROM CAPITAL
Details just received of the relief of
Zeerust by General Methuen show the
town was practically besieged for several
months and that its food supply was
Ehort.
A dispatch from Pretoria announces
that the constabulary have captured
Abram Malan. son-in-law of the late Gen
eral Joubert. Malan was an energetic,
progressive politician before the war and
since it began he has been very active
against the British and has filled several
important commanus,. including that of
Ptetersburg, until the British occupied
the place. :
MRS. McKINlEY STILL
- ; IN CRITICAL
Host Noted Heart Specialist in the
United States Is Called in
J. ¦ :/. Consultation.
NEW YORK. June 3.— A Journal special
from Washington says: That the physi
cians who have attended Mrs. McKInley
ever since her return to Washington re
frard her condition as most critical, was
emphasized this morning when Dr. Wil
liam Osier, of the Johns Hopkins Uni
versity, one of the most noted heart spe
cialists in the United States, was called
In consultation at the White House with
Drs. Rixey, Sternberg and Johnson.
When Mrs. McKInley was so critically ill
in San Francisco Injections of salt solu
tion and other heart stimulants were used
as a last resort with preat success. It is
loamed now that the attending physi
cians w*ere anxious to have an expert
determine exactly the effect such heroic
measures were having on Mrs. McKln
ley's heart, in addition to having their
general diagnosis of the case verified.
WASHINGTON, June 3.— Dr. Rixey, af
ter remaining in the White House for
nearly three hours to-night, said that
there ha/J been no change in the condition
of Mrs. McKInley. At 11 o'clock she was
resting comfortably. The complaint
•which manifested itself while Mrs. Mc-
Ivinley was away from Washington, and
which has so seriously sapped her
strength, has been checked, but its effect
has been to leave her 5n a very weak con
dition. At the White House to-night there
is a slight increase in cheerfulness, and
the hope is expressed that Mrs. McKin
lcy will again give evidence of the re
markable vitality which she has displayed
heretofore. There will be another consul
tation of the physicians in the morning.
EUMOE THAT HAVEMEYER
' INTENDS RESIGNING
Gossip That He Will Relinquish.
Presidency of the American Sugar
; Refining Company.
NEW TTORK, June 3.— It was reported
to-day that President Havemeyer will re
sign from the presidency of the American
Sugar Refining Company and be succeed
ed by.W. B. Thomas of Boston.
President Havemeyer was inaccessible
during the afternoon and sent word that
he had nothing to ; say about the matter
referred to. The report about Mr. Have
raeyer.resigning is not generally believed,
since he is regarded as the most experi
enced sugar refiner in the United States.
The sugar company'* directors will meet
to-morrow. One report was that they will
declare an extra scrip dividend in addi
tion to the regular dividend. .
HEETS WITH SERIOUS
ACCIDENT WHILE DIVING
Performer Falls,' Forty Feet and
Strikes Head Foremost in the
Shallow Water.
BUFFALO, June 3.— Teddy Oliver. 13
ypars old. was perhaps fatally Injured
whlie doing his act m a midway show at
the exposition grounds to-night Oliver's
turn was to ride a bicycle off the edge of
a platform torpr fe<?r high -and dive into
a pool of water below. The water In the
basin into which Oliver made the dive Is
eighteen feet deep in the center, the bot
tom slanting upward toward the edge of
the pool, where It is only, five feet deep.
To-night, Just as he reached the edge of
the platform, his wheel swerved and he
was thrown head foremost" Into the'shal
low water on the outer edge of the pool.
Special Dispatch to The .Call.
NEW YORK. June 3.— The Press says:
One tremendous consolidation of all rail
roads operating between the Mississippi
River and the Pacific Coast promises to
result from the settlement of the differ
ences which caused the Northern Pacific
corner.* The Press is , able to announce
on the t highest ¦ authority that not only
have the differences been settled between
the - Morgan-Hill faction . and the j Harrl
man party regarding the Burlington deal,
and the ' relations of that railroad and
the Northern Pacific and Great Northern
with the Union Pacific, but also that the
St. Paul, Chicago and Northwestern, and
the Chicago and Great Western will be
taken car© Vrf in a great harmonization
scheme . of the trunk lines of the West. .
The exact details of the. harmony
agreement are withheld until J. Plerpont
Morgan arrives from Europe. He will
sail . for ' this country to-morrow. James
J. Hill, who has been his representative
In the Northern Pacific conflict and In
the practical management of the Mor
gan-Hill railroads, has been In the city
for . a week, arriving here several days
in advance of the time he expected to
come after the preliminary settlement In
regard to the Northern Pacific corner.
"Wait and See," Says Hill.
In Morgan's absence' Hill has remained
"incommunicado," . giving to his friends
the assurance; that they muat "wait and
see. B'acts will tell the tale In good
time." . * ,
In Hill's simple expression Is the whole
truth in a nutshell.
j The agreement : regarding the contro
versy, over the control of , the Northern
Pacific i means that the property'win-lre
main under the direction of tho Morgan-
Hill faction* . although the Kuhn-Loeb-
Karrlman-Gculd faction, backed by - the
Rockefeller and Stillman interests, own a
majority of the common and preferred
stock .combined,' and further, that the
harmony agreement will result in a closer
alliance between the great trans-Mlssis
sipp! railways which extend from Chi
cago to the coast and have affiliations to
carry American products to the far East.
Alliance of Big Railroads.
Just .how these arrangements of this
tremendous alliance of big railroad prop
erties will be carried out cannot be told
at this time, but it can be asserted upon
the highest authority that such arrange
ments, are making:: that there will be
harmony; that the Northern Pacific direc
tors will, include men identified with the
Union Pacific and- that the whole conduct
of the trans-Mississippi railroads will bo
on a basis that the greatest profit, will be
derived from a more perfect amity and
conccrd. '
Advance information that such plan
of "harmonization" was being: arranged
has stimulated " the prices of railroad
shares. *The upward movement -in securi
ties began last. week. It continued tp-day,
and the buying .was by Wall street's
strongest interests and was supplemented
by purchases for investment account.
May Take in All Lines
West of the Mis-
sissippi.
Great' Harmonization Plan
Reported to Be Now
Forming.
<
Control of Boads to Pacific Coast
Result of Settlement of North
era Pacific Differences. . .
TREMENDOUS
COMBINATION
OF RAILROADS
LONDON. Juno 4.— A special from Wil
low-more. Cape Colony, says: Command
ant Shceper. with 7*t men, attacked Wil-
Jowmore Saturday, 'out "was beaten off
after nine hours' fighting.
A Cape Town special says: Jamestown
le threatened by Fouche' s commando.
The War Office made the following: an
nouncement last night: "All the informa
tion received from Lord Kitchener re-
Fpectlng recent engagements in South
Africa has been communicated to the pub
lic."
Uneasiness Net Allayed.
LONDON. June 3.— The War Office Is
making no effort to allay the public un
easiness occasioned by the . scantiness of
the news from South Africa, Nothing has
yet come through to illuminate the Vlak
fontein affair, the only dispatch on the
subject since the firht official announce
ment being a three-line message from
Lork Kitchener, issued this morning, giv
ing three additional names of officers
killed.
The Belief of Zaerust.
Jamestown Is* Threatened by
the Commando Under
Fouche.
British War Office Making No Effort
to Allay tlie Uneasiness Caused
by Recent Battles.
One Force Fights Most
Fiercely for Nine
• Hours, i
BOERS STILL
KEEP UP THE
BOLD WARFARE
The San Francisco Call--.¦¦¦-. ¦ -'¦ •. '-¦-.. - . ' ' ' ". -r? ' ¦ -¦¦:.¦ ¦'¦, - -~\ .-. . ¦ ¦- .<¦ : ¦- ¦¦¦•. : ,:<;:: ¦
, FTELD MA^HAL COUNT VON WALDERSEE,' COMMANDER IN_CHIEF OF THE ALLIED FORCES IN CHINA,
, WHO DEPARTED FROM PEKING YESTERDAY, RECEIVING UNUSUAL. ; HONORS FROM THE FOREIGN
TROOPS AND THE ENTIRE DIPLOMATIC CORPS AT THE IMPERIAL CAPITAL.
clared openly that their enterprise meant
the conquest of Europe and her economic
ruin.y? The . '-'yellow peril',' : was more . dis
tant • than ¦ the -American peril, but the
Chinese had given a warning which ought
not to be ' neglected. ¦•¦.'•:.-: ¦ '. .
.: M. Delcasse replied In a reassuring man
ner regarding China. He said the French
troops would leave at the earliest possible
moment. • The powers only insisted on
measures of justice, having the character
of reparation for the past and guarantees
for the future. .->-(. i •
Regarding the indemnity, France
thought the immediate payment of a lump
sum , was preferable. China accepted the
principle : of : an, indemnity some- months
ago, and she now consents' to pay the In
demnity demanded. It is said she will
pay with her dustoms- duties. But com
mercial relations will not be injured, • as
it Is intimated that China herself will pay
the Indemnity, : which was" only just, ¦ and
also the expenses incurred by the powers
¦ t M. ;de .Tournelles de Constant suggested
that the , powers agree not to accept ex
orbitant private claims, to which M. Del
casse * replied ~ that the principle of these
claims . had ' already been accepted. -
¦*,The''; Sarita_Fe ? Is '.; nq-w ' carrying , passen
gers to the. Yosemite. via stage fromMer-'
ced. • •'. Starting on ' California ; Limited i to
day, you ? are i at •; tbe i Sentinel - Hotel - to
morrow ti afternoon," ¦ passing .' Merced Big ,
Trees ; en route. ' m '"i .•¦<-'¦¦- ¦¦- ; '. ¦•.;."".» : %>r
• Ask abouMt ft 641 Market street ''"•:
Yosemite ", Valley , : -viaJ Santa ITe."
TWO BAIL WAYS FIGXTRE ,- k
¦ ZTK BEAXVXLIiE WRECK
Westbound Santa Fe Limited Crashes
•j ' • ': Into ;a Soutnern\ Pacific : :
;¦¦¦ ':•. ¦"'..- 'r vSwitcli^Eaiglne. ;; '.-V^': = < : ''
8 BAKBRSFIELD, : June 3.— The Santa
Fe limited, westbound, ; ran Into a South
ern ¦ Pacific switch engine at- Bealirille,
twenty-seven ; miles i east of this city," this
morning- as ¦ 1 1 was emerging from a tun
nel: " ¦ Engineer Walker applied • the £ air
brakes- and"; withrhls;flrenian,i Benjamin
Coffin, jumped from the traln.AThe;en
gines .jumped the ;. track. ]>J Walker •: sus
tained a broken leg and a dislocated hip.
Coffin" escaped with" a. few- bruises. ; None
of the passengers .were Injured.;-'.. ¦ , : ;
¦^.>-':J:-' X:.\-.,~:"' " "' •'"' '-'¦' ¦ /¦':';¦¦ .: ¦'::,¦¦
Will Make Tour of Inspection.
; SALT Jt LAKE,' i : June ; 3.— A " party V con-
Fisting of Senators Kearns of sUtah," Perry
Heath, v -R. C'v Kearns ; Jr.. and ¦• possibly
Senator W. r; A. Clark: of -Montana- (will
start 'from.,Uvada. «Utah,' abo«rt' June 15
on • an overland t trip to Los .^An eel es. *. The
trip ; will 1 be | made | for the purpose of <¦ ex
amining the route-- f or^the . proposed irail
road 'between Salt Lake and Los -Angeles
backed by Senator Clark and others and
which .- has > already ft been ;, surveyed." ¦- ¦ The
trip- will i be, made in .wagons and will
cupy^ about ;three weekB.--v:,'/:" ' ' A
Fractures * Skull . of an
Aged Woman "With
• ' . -, HSitchet. - ¦*.'!' :J.
;o KANSAS CITY, June 3.-Whlle sitting
rocking: fa : baby v in her home at Second
• street ; and * Woodland -, avenue 5 this I after
noon Mrs. Mary Schuler, 1 70 years of. age'
was- struck 5 " down' with; a: hatchet by a
nfgrcv who appeared suddenly before her
Mrs. ! Schuler 1 a . skull was fractured. ', VThe
! negrro - escaped and | Is being I searched for
| by a large number of neighbors and : po
; Ucemen: ,, The motive 'was i robbery. - -iZ
;. Neighbors , were attracted l to the Schul-
I *W house by the woman's screama. Mrs.
Schuler,' staggered . from • the house, bleed
'"ISSI?*. rS m w * . wou 5 d In her head^ inflicted
f^*? J*l? ¦katchef On the floor, near where
Bhe had sat rocking the baby . there was
a ; pool of ¦•' bloqd. ; ' Bureau . drawers ; had
: been i searched, trunks - bad s ; been 1 ran
; sacked and i bedding ; had been -- dragged
from. the bedSjby the negro, inhis: search
for ;i valuables. / Mrs. ;Schuler s was able to
| repeat > weakly.^'nigSrer,^ nigger". ; and then
- lapsed , Into L unconsciousness. ; , Later - dur
ing a period .of momentary consciousness
she described - her j assailant | and a crowd
.that • had I gathered. : aided by , a squad ol
police; began a: search *. of :the neighbor
hood. ¦"iThe' house was situated" in a pooi
district ¦» int-the -. east -bottoms, -near,- the
¦ railroad' tracks," and as .the , search for tlw
. man J grew; In J proportion | the belief j gained
Uhat he -hafl* escaped; on/a;passlng;» train.
¦. Mrs. i Schuler ¦ was; taken ' to . St . Joseph's
* Haspital,-v. where -^ an ... examination .- -. dis
:closed %; two*?, severe '.% but x not necessarilj
fatal fractures of the skull." ; r - - . -
NEGRO BURGLAR
TRIES TO KILL
to the people. My wish ,1s that i all public
questions may be freely And ¦; fully ? discussed
before the people and . I will be content i. to
abide by. their . decision . upon ¦¦• them. ;"- -In ¦ con
senting to- hold -my commission I wish .-It: to
be understood that It is In response ¦ to : your
patriotic appeal: that It is for the good of the
State, ¦¦and not because I : feared to go before
the people and . discuss with the senior Sena
tor j or others i the national ' lsaueB of I the I day.
I am a public servant; of the. people, and It, Is
my duty and pleasure always to promote their
Interests in-evry way I' can. „ - " ':.-::."
My Dear ; Sir: ¦ iTour'.V letter/ o'f ?tha"^ 81st of
May, in which you decline to accept my resig
nation' as , United States Senator,- is received. : ,
' I appreciate " fully - the : force , of * the >, reasons
given by . yoil- and - the ' effect . upon • the ; people
of the ¦ State of a ' heated - and strife-producing
contest for , United . States i Senator , this r year.
For. I the sake S of peace, * prosperity and ; happi
ness of the people -of .this "State, I am willing
to hold on .to my' commission as United States
Senator i and continue I to I serve the . State as I
have done ¦ In - the '¦ past ' to * the best -• of my
ability. But in retaining. my seat in the Sen
ate . I ¦ will ¦ not : consent - to be . handicapped I or
bossed by any one claiming a right to. judge
my motives and actions.',' I propose to exercise
my Judgment on all national questions .under
the influence of a high . sense of - responslbilty
to the people and * to ; work for '. the :. upbuilding ,
of - the political and material - interests i of the
State. I recognize - fully my accountability | to
the sovereign - people I and * am always • ready; to
- give '. a strict account . of my official acts : to
them".'-' y.>.>" - ' ' >/ "' :¦>' \ " : ¦' ¦"_>-. ¦¦^. : :"-'\ '., :.*
'After declaring \ that i a" . joint > debate
would •• obscure t disputed points ? by .; bitter
ness and- personalities,"!- the -Senator '.con-!
tinuee: -.,.".¦.;;.;. \v-< ¦.¦¦V'.'S v < ; >.-? V,' :.'/, ¦"' ?"
AH ' that I have claimed is this right of : the
people.iand my' right > to enlighten r. them '; on !
these questions " whenever ' called \ upon.* ; ( .'¦ " - 71 '.
In my effort to do this I was Interfered 'with .
by ' the • senl or I Senator, i who . affirmed '. thq.t ¦ ijiy
doctrines -. were ¦ political . hereeies and ' hurtful
Abides by the / Request
Not to Leave the r vr
•
¦_ , - *¦ » —^— lx--<. ¦ ..
-.COLUMBIA,"- "S.V C, June 3.— Governor
McSweeny | to-day ¦ received j a ' letter from
Senator McLaur 1 n , in part as follows : ; i,
M'LAURIN WILL
RETAIN HIS SEAT
toy|«rf IENTSIN, June 3.— There waa a,
I serious affray yesterday betw-cen
/ • I , ' international troops, j Some British
. JJL < Fusileers who -were actlns: aa po
j lice here sought to prevent French'
soldiers from house-breaking, when 5 they
were attacked with bayonets and bricks..
The Fusileers, In self-defense, fired in th&
air. . This brought a , number of; Germans'
to the aid of the Frenchmen. They num
bered together 200 men. Five Fuslieers
fired again,' killing, a Frenchman . and
wounding three others. ¦: In subsequent
fighting four Fusileers, five Germans and
one Japanese were wounded. The arrival
of a German officer and a strong ] guard
ended the fray.' . ¦ ' . , .!'¦'/¦
Von Waldersee's Departure. ' ;
PEKING, June 3.— The 'departure^.; of.
Field Marshal Count von Waldersee from
Peking to-day was marked j by '• <r great
military display by the allied troops, the
booming of artillery and the playing of
bands. The entire diplomatic corps es
¦. ¦ •¦ ¦¦ < ¦ ¦ -: . ":¦• i I- '•'¦ '¦" . '¦ '¦ ¦¦ ¦
ed annexation by the . French of Hainan
as, follows: "It goes without saying that
such a step would be ' a. direct: breach
of i the . declaration '<, of the powers ' that
they -would . resDect the Integrity i of the
Chinese;. empire; and it would force otiier
powers "to demand compensation, which
Would be the signal for the partition of
China." "
A • special dispatch to' the . Lokal 'An
zelger* from Peking says Count von Wal
dersee gave a farewell banquet in honor
of ; Dr. Mumm von . Schwarzensteln, ' the
German 'Minister, yesterday, and toasted
Emperor William -and the allied .sover
eigns. - ¦> "Von Waldersee sails for Japan.to
day.-.When he returns to Germany it will
be by 'way. of German East Africa.
. Speaks of . "American' Peril."
' PARIS, June 3. — In the Chamber of Dep
uties 1 to-day M. ¦¦¦ Tournelles ,. de 1T Constant
asked the Foreign Minister, M. : ; Del casse,
for a statement on the Chinese situation.
In the course of his remarks. the Deputy
alluded to American business competition,'
saying the "American peril" was advanc
ing toward them with methodical rapidity.
The Napoleons of American . industry . de-
RENEWS ATTACK
ON OUR ENGINES
Sir Alfred Hickman Says
They Consume Too
Much Fuel.
Claims' They Wear Quickly
and Are Lacking in
Strength. y
• LONDON, June 3.— Sir Alfred Hickman,
former president .of the. British Trade As
sociation, has replied to" the response of
Lord George Hamilton, Secretary of State
for India, to his recent attack in the
House of Commons upon American-built
locomotives and bridges. He quotes from,
the rtport of the Burmah Railway Com
pany for the first half of 1900 to show that
American lqcomotives used on the line
burned 35.5 per cent more fuel per train tor
each mile and 23.5 more per vehicle for
each mile than British-built locomotives,
and he declares that the alterations al
luded to by Lord. George Hamilton were
made in the tenders only, so as to enable
the carrying of more fuel. After inquir
ing why certain reports have not been
published, he says: "The Burmah Rail
way officials seem resolved to screen. the
Americans at all cost." !
After Inquiring why, if American com
petition is founded on superior chemical
research and technical • education, British
markers should be full of orders from
Americans to deliver immediately at any
price, he remarks: "Surely that is 'some
evidence that the world outside the Indian
railway officials considers British engines
and material better and in reality cheap
er. The official locomotive | engineer re
ports to the Burman Railway that the
engines show early signs of wear and
want of strength, and cheapness in the
first, cost is not true economy."
Sir Alfred then cites Egyptian railway
reports against Belgian engines and
quotes from an Assam railway i report,
dated April 16, 1901, as saying that Ameri
can locomotives take 24 per cent more
coal and 25 per cent more oil than Brit
ish. This, .Sir Alfred avers, conclusively
proves bad workmanship. He affirms that
the great advantages which continental
and American manufacturers have over
British manufacturers is due to what
practically amounts to export - bounties,
adding:
"The American engineer has a protected
market which enables him to make enor
mous profit at home and even to sell at a
loss abroad, still getting a satisfactory
return on his capital. I venture to assert
with confidence that but for the 37 per
cent dut y we would sell more engines In
America than the Americans send here."
Discussing the Gokties viaduct in Bur
mah, Sir Alfred says: "Lord George
Hamilton refuses to* give Mr. Constable
an opportunity to prove his statements
about the bad American work, on the as
surance of gentlemen who have proved
their partiality to the American Bridge
Building Company by showing them in
advance the private estimates for the
projected bridge over the Irrawaddy, and
who, by every shift and contrivance, have
endeavored to stave off the publication of
the reports of their own engineers."
Sir Alfred's long arraignment concluded
with a request for the appointment of a
committee to investigate the subject.
ACTHESS IS SLAIN
BY MAN WHO -LOVED HER
After a Desperate Quarrel Edward
' - Forshay Shoots Miss Edna
Stokes.
CHICAGO^June 3.— Edward Forshay of
Kansas CityT^n actor and assistant man-
ager of theatrical companies, to-night
shot and killed Miss Edna Stokes, an ac
tress, whose home is at Sedalia, Mo., and
with whom he was deeply in love. For
shay claims to have met Miss . Stokes in
St. Louis six years ago, -when they were
both playing an engagement. The couple
played in different cities of the country
until last fall, when they came to Chi
cago and became members of the stock
company playing at the Victoria Thea
ter. '
Forshay originally intended to take his
life after killing • the woman, for upon
his person when ¦ he was. arrested were
letters bidding farewell to his mother in
Kansas City, and another to Chief of
Police O'Neill of this city. "
The couple had engaged in a desperate
quarrel three days ago, and Forshay is
said to have beaten the actress badly,
cutting her head in two places. Miss
Stokes gave orders to the proprietor of
the Vernon Hotel, at which she was stop
ping, that Forshay should not be admit
ted to her presence, and although . - he
called there twice during the early part
of the evening, he was compelled to leave
by the attendant. Later he called, and
the proprietor told him that he could
wait in the parlor, where Miss Stokes
would see him. She came down from her
room and the couple talked for about ten
minutes, when Forshay suddenly drew a
revolver and fired two shots, one passing
through the right lung and < the other
close to the heart. She died almost- in
stantly. Afteu killing the woman, For
shay ran from the building, but was pur
sued and captured.
IMMIGRANT INSPECTORS
BOUND TOR POBTO RICO
Will Assist in Keeping Out Chinese
Who Are Trying to Reach
United States.
WASHINGTON, June 3.— Assistant Sec-
retary Taylor of the Treasury Depart
ment and Commissioner General Powder
ly have decided to send three immigrant
Inspectors to Porto Rico for permanent
duty. It is feared that the recent de
cision of the Supreme Court In the insular
cases may stimulate Chinese immigration
to Porto Rico, with the Idea that once
there they cannot be denied admission to
the United States. The Collectors of Cus
toms hitherto hare acted as Inspectors
and will continue to do so, but the need
for additional help In keeping the Chinese
out is apparent to the officials. From
now on the exclusion laws will be more
rigidly enforced.
jSerious Affray at Tientsin A
Fusileers Are Compelled:^ip---'-^"^!"^"^: : ri; i n -\ ¦> Se jfr pefe]hse"-' r .v; U pion \ :,; Theif
French Assailants and Germans WHo Boldly Rush to the Rescue
A : ', ' — — . — : — — •£— —^ — ' "•" ' ' '-*' ' ::j -¦ '- — ,-.T.— '.' ' ., i_ -¦'•-¦• ' ' ¦ -.,
BOSTON. June 3.— The trial of the libel
Fuit of Mrs. Josephine C. Woodbury
against Mrs. Mary Baker G. Eddy, head
0t the Christian Science church, which
was begun last week, was resumed to
<Jay. There was additional interest in
the case because it was understood that
Judge S. J. Hanna, of the First Church
of Christian Science, who last week could
not be found by the court officers, had
returned from a vacation and would ap
pear as a witness. Judge Hanna was in
court. : .
W. B. Johnson, secretary of the Board
of Directors and clerk of the First
Church of Christian Science. In'resum
ing the stand to-day, expressed a wish to
correct an answer made while testifying
last week. He said that he received a
letter from Mrs. Eddy between the time
of the reinstatement of Mrs. Woodbury
and 'her excommunication. The cross-ex
cmination of Mr. Johnson was then re-
Mimed. Mr." Elder, counsel for the de
fendjyit, objected to a question as to the
meaning of the words "mystery of in
iquity," contained in the alleged libelous
message from Mrs. Eddy to the church.
The court ru'.ed that the question be
answered but that the answer should
have no weight to 'show what was in
tended by Mrs. Ed>ly.
Judge Bell said the plaintiff must prove
two things, namely, that the defendant
intended the language used to apply to
the plaintiff, snd that her hearers and
readers so understood it- \
The question was then repeated to Wit
ness Johnson, who replied: "By "mys
tery" Is meant something which has never
!«een solved. As regards 'iniquity, 1 that
is something which the courts and church
people have tried unsuccessfully for gen
erations to define, and I am therefore not
able to explain what it meant."
Mr. Peabody then took up a letter writ
ten by Mrs. Efldy to Mrs. Woodbury on
March 24, 1S95. and reading the first par
agraph in which Mrs. Eddy denied that
she had any part in the excommunication
or Mrs. Woodbury, asked the witness if
Mrs. Woodbury had been excommunicat
ed at that time. Witness at/first answer
ed Vno," but when his attention was
again called to the matter by a subse
quent question, he said he wished to
change his answer to "yes."
Witness said that a message received
by him on. June 5. 1S95. read: '
"If Mrs. Woodbury is in this audience
the is not included in my invitation to vis
it Concord."
Mr. Peabody offered a copy of the rec
ord copyright cf the message, which is
entitled "Message to the Mother Church
by Mary Baker Eddy. Concord, N. H.,
May, 1890."
Joseph Armstrong testified to being
business manager of the Christian Sci
ence Publishing Aesociation.- which busi
ness is conducted by a board of trustees
for Mrs. Eddy, The ?nessage was copy
righted by him under the association
name as proprietor. "
Harry N. Nurn, an editor for the pub
lishing company, said that a copy of the
alleged libelous message read in church
was furnished to a certain reporter who
was present at The service.
Mrs. Clara E. Choate testified that she
was refused admission as a member of
the church, but attended the service
when the alleged libelous communication
was read. She said that she never un
derstood it referred to any one in par
ticular. .
William G. Xixon. publisher for Mrs.
Eddy until 18S3. did not know the atti
tude of Christian Scientists generally re
garding Mrs. Woodbury. He read the
alleged libelous communication in the
Christian Science Journal.
He was asked what his understanding
was cf the meaning of the passage and
¦who was the person referred to. His re
ply was: "Mrs. Woodbury, the plaintiff
in this case." - . ....
The last witness of the day was Judge
S. J. Kanna, who said he had been away
from the city seven weeks. He had been
a county judge at Council Bluffs, Iowa,
and was now a student of Christian Sci
ence.
ROUTE OF SALT LAKE
BO AD IS INDICATED
Company Obtains Eight of Way
Across "Lucky" Baldwin's
Puente Ranch..
IjOS. ANGELES, June 3.— For months
there have been negotiations on foot be
tween E. J. Baldwin and the Salt Lake
Railroad Company for a right of way
across the Puente ranch. On Saturday
the affair was closed the railway com
pany paying Mr. Baldwin $15,000 for the
privilege.
This indicates the course the new road
Is to take. It will skirt the Laguna ranch,
on the east boundary, of the city, cross
S3n Gabriel River at Montebello, or just
nbove the Santa Ft? bridge near Rivera,
then po up the east bank of the river and
cross the Puente hlils near the Old Mis
sion. Beyond the -hills it will cross the
Puente ranch and then go on to Pomona.
A BELIGIOUS MANIAC
INVADES THE VATIC AIT
Declares That the Pope Is Dead and
Demands That He Be Given •
. the Crown. ' ".
ROUE. June 3.— A religious maniac
named Valentino Paterno made his way
into the Vatican to-day and penetrated to
the Pope's anteroom, where be shouted
"The Por>e is dead, and I am his suc
cessor! Give me the crown!"
The Pope heard his cries and ordered
that he be arrested. Subsequently he
¦was placed in an asylum.
Many Witnesses Testify
to Immaterial
Matters.
¦ '
Futile Attempt of Counsel
to Prove Intent of
Mrs. Etidy./
WOODBURY CASE
GROWS TEDIOUS
GALLANT GIRL
WINS A MEDAL
Miss Jaryis Honored by
the University " of ;
Saves R. M. Pagan, a Class
mate, From Drowning in the
Des Mpines River, r
• ¦ r -. ¦ ' ¦ ' ¦ • .
Special Dispatch to The Call. -
¦ . • ¦ -
: OMAHA, Nebr., June 3.— For the first
time in the history of the .Iowa. State
University a medal for b,ravery has been
officially presented by the. faculty, the re
cipient being Miss Carolyn Jarvis. Tfie
golden token was In recognition of her
rescue "of R. M. Fagan, a fellow-student.
Miss Jarvis ; owns a small sailboat, and,
in company with Fagan, was enjoying a
ride on the Des Moines River. A sudden
gust of wind, capsized the frail craft and
-both'^ thej, occupants were thrown into
the current. ,. ¦ '
- accident -* occurred Just above the
Coral Ville dam, where the water is
thirty feet deep. The young woman is
an expert in the water and assisted her
helpless companion -to a firm hold on the
rail. With the skill of . a longshoreman
she unshipped the mast and, •swimming
sturdily,in the rear, was able to propel
the , boat "Into shallow water. The girl
reached the shore totally; exhausted by
her exertions. - . ,- . . -• ¦:..
She is a member of the basket ball
team and various other athletic organiz
'ations, and is. very popular among her
fellow-students. . Fagan - is a freshman
and, while well known Jn literary circles,
is not very. muscular. It was necessary
to carry him from the water when . the
boat reached the shore. The rescue was.
the sensation of .Iowa City, and thel
medal was awarded in chapel after, a
meeting | of the faculty. The 'token was
purchased by admiring .members of' the
class " of 102, of which -Miss Jarvis ' is a
member. -'¦/- . -,.::.. •
CONGRESSMEN ARE COMING
• .-.- -. ......
Continued from First Page.
NOTICEABLY LOW
STATE OF PIETY
Professor Wolfe Makes
X Sensational Report
Says, Evangelical Lutheran
. Denomination Lacks in
Godliness; Hi
DES MQINES, la., June 3.— Prof. E. J.
Wolfe of Gettysburg, Pa., created a sen
sation in the Evangelical Lutheran Gen
eral Synod to-day by his report on the
condition of the church, saying there was
a woeful lack of spirituality and Godli
ness in the denomination, and that the
fire "of piety burned low. He said:
"Our church, has.. suffered very serious
ly from defective government and as'long
as loud voices "are heard for individual
ism and unbridled liberty; so long as the
general good must be subordinated to the
rights of private judgment, our progress
must halt and our institutions langufsh.
The love of many for the church has
grown -cold. There is no disguising the
prevalent laxity and barrenness; the low
state of piety among us. The acramWe
for dollars leaves little time for the care
Of SOUlS." ¦.-.;.¦''.,.¦¦¦¦
¦ Dr. A. H. Studebaker of Brooklyn de
nounced the. report as the most disgrace
ful jeremiad he I had ever heard, saying
it did not in any manner rtflect the spirit
or belief ' of i the synod and after a hot
debate It was referred back to the com
mittee for- rewriting, leaving out the of-
trip from Portland will, probably begin
July 23. . • -". - '¦ ..:.-- \ .--„.- ¦':••>
The party- will occupy a special car on
the trip from this city to New Orleans,
where several of the members will meet
them. From New Orleans to Portland a
special train will be provided. The mem
bers of the -Rivers and Harbors Commit
tee are as follows: >} - r .
Republicans— Theodore E. Burton, Ohio r
Walter Reeves (chairman), Illinois; Black
burn B. Dovener, West 'Virginia; Ros
well P.- Bishop, Michigan; Ernest F.
Acheson, Pennsylvania; Page Morris,
Minnesota; De Alva S. Alexander, New
York; Thomas H.- 'Tongue, : Oregon;
George P. Lawrence, . Massachusetts ;
James H. Davidson, Wisconsin.
•.-Democrats— Thomas C. Catchings, Mis=
sissippi; , Rufus E. Lester, Georgia;
John H. Bankhead, Alabama; Philip .D.
McCulloch,. Arkansas; ¦ Albert S. Berry,
Kentucky; Stephen M. Sparkman, Flor
ida*; Thomas H. Ball,* Texas. |
General Catchings "of Mississippi and
Colonel Berry of Kentucky, are not to be
members of the. House of -Representa
tives which has already been elected and
which will meet next December, but they
were Invited to accompany the' party,
having served on the committee for many
years. It is understood that General
Catchings will . be unable to go, but ' all
of the others are expected to make the
Journey.
The committee will be accompanied ' by
its clerk, Mr. Ellis, who will have active
charge of the arrangements ' for the trip.
COMMITTEE IS PAYING
- ' .ITS OWN EXPEHSES
Congressman Woods Receives a Tele
gram Which . Finally Settles
.. ; That Point.
Congressman Woods has' received a tel
egram from Congressman Burton, chair
man of the Rivers and Harbors Commit
tee, relative to the visit of the committee
to the coast* Congressman Woods says
that it has been wrongly stated in a
press dispatch that the committee Is com
ing at the cost of the Government. Mr.
Burton's -dispatch corrects that and says
that the Government . bears no part of
the expense, but that the committeemen
Individually pay their own expenses. Con
gressman Woods believes that much good
to the coast will' result from the visit.
The committee will see afl the locali
ties for which improvements are desired
and will therefore be able to judge accu
rately . of the needs of the -State.' Con
gressman -Woods is very much interested,
for. it was largely through his represen
tations that the committee, was persuad
ed to come here. -The Chamber of Com
merce has ¦ arranged to entertain the vis
itors and to take them about the harbor
on a steamer. ..-'¦'*" ¦ : - ¦ ¦¦> a •:¦
Says Helen Gould Is His Wife.
NEW^ YORK. June 3.— James H. Ander
son of "Kansas' City, who was arrested
and sent to Bellevue Insane Pavilion for
annoying Miss Helen, Gould by claiming
her as his wife, was discharged in the
Police Court to-day. Anderson still main
tains that - he ¦' is the : husband of Miss
Gould. He says he is going back to Kan
sas City. - ;
fensive parts. ¦
. The* discussion " of the foreign mission
subject rWith .the plan to change the field
of; work from the African coast to the In
terior is set 'as special business for Tues
day afternoon. " The main business of tha
synod deals with this question. Factions
are being formed and divided on the ad
ministration: of the post. . One faction
claims that there is favoritism and par
tiality in the foreign mission board in tha
post,' and asserts that unless a change is
had at once the church will be shaken to
its very foundations and that serious
trouble is imminent. The election of Dr.
Freas - as President, however, shows the
old administration has a majority of the
synod and nq change may be made. The
Board of Home Missions nominated Is as
follows: Rev.|M.."W. Hamma, "Washing
ton, D. C: Rev. George H. Reen, Colum
bia, Pa.; Rev. George "W. Endera. York,
Pa.; Rev. I. M. Zimmerman. Baltimore;
Rev. H. P. Hocker, Steelton, Pa. ; Rev.
John C. Parker, "Washington. D. C; Rev.
John D. Zorlck, Hanover. Pa.: A. F. Fox.
Washington, D. C, and Edward Helb, of
Railroad, Pa.
BEFOHJiIED PHESB Y T J5J&T A.TJ S
WARN THE YOUNG PEOPLE
Two Officers of the National Body of
Christian Endeavorers Are
. Sharply Criticized.
i PITTSBTJRG, Pa.. • June 3.— The report
of the committee on Sunday schools and
young people's societies brought about a
lively debate at the convention of the
Reformed Presbyterians to-day and re
sulted in the -appointment of Drs. McAl
lister and George to reconsider the report
in connection with the committee. The
report warns the young, people against
the corrupting . influence of several lead
ers and unsafe -teachers. During the dis
cussion of the report Rev. T. A. Robb
•said the national body of Christian En
deavorers had for a secretary a man who
1 voted for the acquittal of Dr. Chandler-
Briggs and that another officer was will
ing, to give up the ehurch rather than his
Masonic order.
| Moderator "Werin has received -a'; tele
gram from the "association of Chicago
labor, unions," . asking the synod- .to .pray
for an eight-hour work day, -st> the labor
ing men would not have, to hold meetings
on Sundays to devise mean3 to secure it
Mr. TVerin said he thought the telegram
was meant for a ioke.
RAILWAY DIRECTORS ELECT
x SUCCESSOR TO CALLAWAY
William ~H. Newman of the X.ak-5
Shore Road Chosen to Fill the
: •••_?;¦• . Vacancy. , ..-.:•
NKW YORK, June 3. —^At a meeting of
the directors of the New York . Central
Railroad to-day ¦William H. Newman,
president of tfte Lake Shore, was" elected
president of the New York Central and
Hudson River Railroad Company to suc
ceed Samuel R. Callaway, resigned. New
man has not yet resigned the presidency
of the Lake Shore, so he is now president
of both roads. General Superintendent
Edgar Van Etten was made second vice
president. ' .
It was rumored to-day that the,eleva
tion of Superintendent Van Etten may
bring about important changes in the ex
ecutive force of the road. Mr. Van Etten.
it was said, misrht go> to Boston to take
charge of the Boston and Albany road.
Such a .change would necessitate the se
lection of another general superintendent.
The directors, It Is reported, considered
the matter to-day, but reached no defi
nite conclusion.
v . _ »
Launching of a Cup Defender.
:. DETROIT, June 3. — The local Canada's
cup defender which was built by a syndi
cate of Detroit Yacht Club owners, was
launched this afternoon and christened
"Detroit." The Detroit Is a center board
craft of the "skimming dish" type. Her
length over all is 5? feet six inches:
length of water line 26 feet; draught, 14%
feet; ballast one ton. '.
BULLETS, BAYONETS AND BRICKS
USED BY INTERNATIONAL TROOPS
S corted the. field marshal to the deoot.- 1
, • Von - Rawch, the - aid de . camp and
,• nephew of Count von Walder -see, wllire
main here to escort Prince Chun; the Era-
',Ueror's brother, to Berlin, where he will
/_ formally airologlze In behaJf of China • for
the< murder of Baron yon Ketteler. • '•_
' .;Empero^ to Visit Europe.
. BERLIN, June 3.— The London corre
spondent of the Tajreblatt learns li om
the 'Chinese legation rthat the- 'fimperor: of
: China, .with the consent of the Oowager
Empress, - will visit Europe In 1902..
• • The Berlin , Tageblatt . comments upon :
the Times' dispatch regarding: the intend-
THE SATSTv^
2
IN YOUR BACK?
- an^ y° u nee^ not pay me
£y~ ivSwC There's the soreness in the morning
i- ' :.- A^^^fiS. when you get up, the constant, dull ache
il- ; when you stand on your feet awhile, the
C jrf2^^ v^\^/8Tw^S^fe piercing "catch" whjch sometimes takes
r £^X^%*^ >^^^ ! ? l %i«« } r o u as you get out of a chair. I know
I ft^S^^S^#/it2fflrl them a11 ' and my Electr5c Belt wil ! curc
*" f;^^*®5^MT*i!S^ l?-n m ' o ,^/ ou need not pay for it( if you
t No CURE » N0 PAY - •
£ That's fair.*. No short time trial, no
1* WffiWw^^mfifiw, "inWSMy c hances at all. If it cures, pay me; if
' VlMl^J^^BBji'^^^Py not, ddn't. Easy, for 'a poor man, be-
C Vag^Uligr^^^V^g^^^Mr cause if he is laid up with a bad back
s" i£?^$= b. t r^^l^r cure him, and he has time to earn the
j* mli/l/W^Js Tft' ~* fl^ P r i c e of the belt before he has. to pay it. •
[ I jj^'jjj jfjj \\T%fc//A42££& "Your belt cured my back after years of suf-
: * ' liflira i! ''l^?s^^f^^ FOt It "" o ayS J ' J ' RockweU - fnsrineer S. P. R.
• ¦ tlh i(w iElii * klii^r-H of another make which has burned and blls-
; . IKif i W 'IlilifLf ii'liw :< ' re<1 you - or one that did not possess elec-
|pl» i&J W$fI% 'WP-^t irlcity. send H In and I will allow you one-half
* 1 A pl'jE^ l wI11 nA >" f ou m Y beautifully lilustrate^book
i DR. M. C. /VlcLAUGHtllSf; ro V^ ket f t|iet -
|. Offlcft Hours— 9 a. m. to 8:20 p. m. Sundays— iO to 1. Los Angeles Office, 129%. West
*\ ... Second Strtet! Seattle.^ 106 Street, : ./.
jj-i-i-i-i-i-i-H-i-H ¦: i ¦!¦' i ¦^¦¦i--:»i-i-:-i-.;4'i"i-;-i"i"i":"i"M"i-i-i"i- i-i-i-m i'i x'i-i4-
!^Mrt^H^KIH9S9i499HBBffiBMiBDHMfai!IBHBBw9BHftBH9BIHHB^^^fe^HKKkMui
rV > ;".Hat designers d*id a sensible thingiwhen they "made the Golf. ' It
: H «¦ is a very- practical summer hat— the ' shape is stylish and appropriate, -
and the colors are "desiriable" for wear with most any summer .suit.
; We have a Golf at $1.95 that will prove most acceptable ; to your
;taste. ¦¦;¦¦ " .., ; : . \ '. ". -.;¦¦/¦". '' -' :' : . .;, ':,-. ..¦;. . . :. ;.;;,'.¦'
:r • .i The. colors are^black r cedar," pearl and. blue pearl; brim with bind- ;
. r ing.or^raw'edffe. ;'.' . . ..
. . : AIsb'Fedorasi Derbys and; Crushers, in various shapes rand shades
-;. .;-at;_$i.9s.-;- : )\-^ '--.-^;- " ' ' r' ; ;., .,'J ¦ • ¦ ; - ?.¦£?. :/!.
f; *. .'¦'- •'-*:'-.' \ ' ~~ Out-of-town orders tiffed-— write us. --.
r ; - 718 Market Street.Ver_s cures- Piles, .or 550 reward. For
sals by all druggists. . - V . • - •
:.,*-¦>-: ¦-. ¦ ¦ r ¦ - - ' " - ¦ ..'.. :
SAN JOSE. June 3.— R. D. McDonald, an
eged laborer, who lives In the northern
part of the State, was robbed and so badly
beaten by footpads yesterday that he may
lose the sight of one eye. As he passed
the bride on "West Santa Clara street two
men sprang upon him and relieved him
of $1 25, all be had. The small amount en
raged the robbers, who beat him on the
head with a heavy cane. The right eye
¦was laid open. McDonald was. found in
an axneonedous condition by. the police. .
Beaten, by Footpads.
. ANTIOCH, June 3.— Thirty, persons were
poisoned I by, eating icecream at '. a . church
social' in Oakley . Saturday. « nlghth; It i-is
supposed ¦ the ; vanilla ' flavoring „ in ? the
cream caused the poisoning.:- None of the
victims will „ die, , it ¦ Is believed, ' but some
are notyet.out of danger. • •*¦;?•»
Poisoned by. Icecream.
Yesterday another clergyman occupied
Dye's pulpit. There had been a stormy
meeting of the-deacons the night before,
culminating In a request for the pastor's
resignation, -which h«" declined. The re
quest was made for the second time, cou
pled with the. statement that with his re
tirement the affair would be dropped.
Then Rev. Mr. Dye resigned from the pas
torate, and the people of Willows will no
longer have his sustaining hand to keep
them in the narrow path of rectitude.
DEPLORES DAUGHTER'S
'{¦#$:$ RTTKTAWAY MARRIAGE
Judge Jones of Stockton Unable to
¦ Reconcile Himself to the
. 'Match.
STOCKTON, June 3.— Vivien Jones, who,
as stated In yesterday's Call, was hurried
ly married' _ on' Sunday u In ••' OaklaCinJ to
James Brown, is the daughter of Superior
Judge E.- 1. Jones of this city. She .ran
away from her; home .- last Saturday to
marry the man of her choice and it was
the fear that -the young. lady's parents
would make forcible objection to the wed
ding that .caused "the young couple | to
speed across j the bay and Induce County
Clerk Jordan of Alaineda to issue a license
on Sunday. .. < •. • • -;
The family of Judge 'Jones is- heart
broken over - the affair. - The Judge's
daughter met Brown six months ago." Her
father; commanded -her to have nothing to
do ' with "Brown, .' but the • young couple
maintained a clandestine correspondence.
Brown finally induced Miss Jones *to run
away from , home ' and join . him: in San
Francisco. , ¦ ",: : .-.."»'-¦ . ¦¦C ».;-.¦
LOS ANGELES. June 3.— The Interstate
Railway Commission, comprising a party
of about 150, is due to arrive in Los Ange
les on June 12. Elaborate preparations are
being made for their entertainment. On
the day that the Commissioners arrive
the Rivers and Harbors Committee * of
Ccngress will reach here. ' *•..¦, ',
ceeding-s.
SAN RAFAEL,' June 3.— The trial of W.
F. Warburton, j charged with the murder
of Matthew^ Rcilly in this 'city on Jan
uary 19, was commenced before Judge An
gellottl In the Superior Court here' this
morning. The entire day was consumed
in the effort to obtain a jury. Late this
afternoon only seven jurors had been ac
cepted—L. A. Lancel, Hans Juhl, Joseph
Gambonl, Hugh McPhilllps. Antone Law
rence, Joseph Bloom and Matthew Clark.
The long confinement has told but little
upon the prisoner. He sal behind his at
torneys In. court to-day and' did not seem
to take, any more interest in the pro
ceedings", than did the ordinary spectator.
The case is being prosecuted by District
Attorney Mclsaac. assisted by Attorney*
\V. H. Schooler of San Francisco, while
the defense is represented by Attorneys
T. J. Lennon and Joseph K. Hawkins of
this city. It Is expected that the Jury will
bo completed to-morrow. If this be done
it Is likely the case will be finished . in
about a week. , • ¦ . . ,.
Distinguished Guests Coining.
Seven. Jurors Accepted as the Result
of the First Day's Pro- .
WABBTJBTON ON .TRIAL
FOB KILLING RETLLY
SACRAMENTO, June 3.— Rev. George
E. Dye has tendered his resignation as
pastor of the Baptist church In "Willows,
Glenn County. This is the polite way of
putting It. but It is .Intimated that his
resignation was demanded by the church
officials, and that he gave -it rather .than
stand a threatened church trial for hav
ing acted in an improper manner with a
widow of his flock. Though a married
man. Dye, it appears from the charges
freely uttered at Willows and asserted by
the widow's stepson, addressed the newly
bereaved church member by such endear
ing terms as "My darling," subscribing
himself "Your own Romeo," and discreet
ly warning her on one occasion that they
were watched. - »
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Attorney General Tirey L. Ford was re
quested yesterday- by Modoc County offi
cials to appear for them before the Grand
Jury on Friday, when the matter of the
recent lynching will be investigated. The
Attorney General does not expect to be
able to appear in person, but will endeav
or to sead a representative from his office.
ALTURAS. June 2.— Unless the prompt
action of the authorities results In the
punishment of the lynchers of Calvin Hall,
his three sons and Daniel Yantis, the
tragedy of last Friday may have been
onlv the forerunner of an era of blood
shed that shall convulse Modoc County
for some time to come. Hall, the rene
gade white man. who took a squaw for
his wife and reared half-breed sons to be
his companions in thievery, was a man
of great influence among the Indians
from whose tepees he chose a wife. The
members of the tribe are enraged over
the lynching, particularly as one of the
victims, who was but a stepson of Hall.
was a full-blood Indian, bis father hay
ing been Mrs. Hall's first husband. While
there is no danger of an outbreak of the
Indians, it is quite likely that unless the
law avenge the crime they may seek
to revenge themselves by ambushing
and murdering those of ' the murderers
whose identity they discover. Modoc
County may thus see a bitter feud waged
between Its white and native inhabitants.
The redskins are closely watching the
trend of events following the ls™chlnz and
make no attempt to conceal their hostility
to the whites since the tragedy.
Thus far little has been done toward
apprehending the lynchers. It is not be
1 eved the offer of a reward by Governor
Gaee will have the desired effect, and for.
the g r C Tson that no one Is likely to have
the hardihood to visit Lookout and at
tempt to discover evidence, that would
lead to the conviction of the guilty.. Nev
ertheless, the county t officials i seem .to be
v ircere In their desire to have justics
done. In order to relieve themselves of
the onus of the, inquiry, they have_ap
pealed to Attorney-General TireyL. Ford
to be present to represent the State at the
Grand Jury Investigation that has been
called. ';*A?y
Ej>eclal Dispatch to The CalL
Tragedy the Forerunner of a
Bitter Feud Between
Two Races.
INDIANS MAY AVENGE
THE MODOG LYNCHING
TACOMA, June 3.— According to Dr. T.
J. Vaugh Rys, the Aleutian Islands are
soon to be included In the known gold
bearing region of Alaska. . Dr. Rys be
lieves that eold discoveries will soon be
irade oij Shumagin, or other of the Aleu
tians, which will cause a rush of gold
seekers thither similar to that to Cape
Nome.
Two years ago Dr. Rys prospected Una
male Island to see if sulphur deposits there
could be profitably worked. He found sul
phur in abundance, but could not ship it,
as that island has no harbor. At that
time several seal hunters and fishermen
found placer mining profitable and he was
told by other prospectors that the Aleu
tians contained both placer ground and
gold-bearing quartz. Most of the Islands
have good harbors, which are open the
year round, a great advantage in case Dr.
Rys* prediction conies true.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Dr. Rys Predicts the Early
Discovery of a New
El Dorado.
GOLD-BEARING OUARTZ
ON ALEUTIAN ISLANDS
Rev. George E. Dye Gives Up
His Place as Pastor ¦
in Willows.
RESIGNS RATHER THAN
FACE A CHURCH TRIAL
Captain Noonan says he has known
Ballington Booth for many years, and a
short time ago lie was- assured. that no
communication had passed between
father and son since the disagreement
several years ago, so he is of the opinion
that "the whole story is a fabrication.
are formed of people who believe the
practices followed by the Salvation Army
are wrong. Ballington Booth, he says, is
no more than president of the organiza
tion and could take no decisive^ action
without submitting the question to the
members.
COMMANDERS OF THE SALVATION ARMT AND THE VOLUNTEERS OF
AMERICA, WHO DENY THE STORY THAT THEHE IS TO BE A UN
ION OF THOSE TWO ORGANIZATIONS.
reconciliation between his organization
and the Salvation Army are utterly un
warranted.
"It may be possible," he says, /"that
Balllngton Booth and his father have be
come reconciled, but that is wholly a
personal matter and has.no effect upon
the religious bodies over which they ex
ercise control."
Captain Noonan says that the principles
of the Salvation Army and of the Volun
teers are diametrically opposed and no
union could be formed conscientiously by
either party. The Volunteers, he says,
CLEVELAND, O., June S.— Commander
Booth-Tucker of the Salvation Army de
clared to-day that there was no truth in
the report to the effect that negotiations
ere in progress looking to the amalgama
tion of the Volunteers of America and
the Salvation Army.
"Please say to the Associated Press,"
he continued, '"that there is absolutely
no proposal, either secret or otherwise,
<or the amalgamation of the two move
ments."
'•'While we seek to carry on our own
operations," added the commander, "we
•wish the Volunteers well and desire
• - .
phatlcally that there have been any Se
cret negotiations between himself and
his father. He has not had one line
from his father since the latter left this
country, nor has he had from his seven
brothers and sisters, with but one excep
tion, that of a. personal communication
from Mrs. Booth CUbborn, nor have they
taken back the bitter uncalled-for things
they said against him. The government
ex»d principles of the two movements are
j=o at variance that a union would be im
possible."
All .'of 'Friday will be devoted to the :
"Passion Play" itself. The staging has
all been erected and th,e plaster of- parts
cast of the Saviour Is ready for the mar
velous obiect lesson.- The robes for the
priests and the Indians who carry out the
performance, are costly, having, been im
ported > direct from Paris, j Every detail
of the- crucifixion will be displayed, in
cluding the thrusting of .' the speo.r . into
the -side of the*bodyon the. cross.
Saturday- wm-ibe^givenKup'.. to the final
religious ceremonies. ;. . . '
The scene at the. Chilllwack. depot near
the great white teht'ofthe Indians was
picturesque to-day. 1 There "ware siwashes -
of all- ages, sizes and description, and, the.,
klootchmans escorted their hu-sbanrtB :. irj-
force.- The bands played all day, and the
Indian. musicians are by no means nov- .
ices.. . • :. "::-•¦ ¦;
PASSION PLAY* SCORES !
ITS J3EO0ND TRIUMPH
Santa Clara Students "Will Give An
other Performance on Thursday-
Evening.
SANTA CLARA, June 3.— The second .
presentation of Clay M. Greene's superb
drama "Nazareth" was greeted by- an
even. larger audience than attended the
initial performance. More than 2000 per
sons were' present. A special train from
San Francisco reached . Santa Clara at
7:15 o'clock, bringing between 500 and 600,
persons. Hundreds came on earlier trains
and went to San Jose after the perform
ance, local hotels being crowded. ,
When the curtain was raised. show-
Ing the beautiful scene, of the plains of'
Bethlehem, every chair was filled and
hundreds were standing. *
At the conclusion of the ¦ first act, Mr.
Greene was called before the curtain and
presented 'with an elaborate floral . test!- •
monial by the citizens of- Santa Clara.
It was a mammoth harp of red carna
tions, St. Joseph's lilies and ferns, red
and white being the college colors. In'
making acknowledgment the playwright
took occasion to thank the alumni stu
dent body for the creditable manner in
which it Interpreted his production. .He
was cordially received and heartily ap
plauded. . . : -**-
It has been decided to- give a third per
formance of the passion play on-Thurs
day evening, as many were unable to get
seats to-night." . ' : '
'To-morrow will be the second day of
the jubilee celebration. Archbishop Rior
dan of San Francisco, Bishop Grace of
Sacramento and l Bishop Montgomery of
Los Angeles will be in attendance at sol
emn, pontifical mass In the forenoon. The
evening programme will Include original
poems by John T. Malone, Clay M.
Greene and Charles, D. South. The exer
cises will be followed by the conferring
of -honorary degrees. I Archbishop .Rior
dan will- deliver the address. |
BAILKO AD ; TO ENCIRCLE j
" SAJN" BERNARDINO COUNTY
Syndicate of Local Capitalists Will
Construct an Electric
" . ¦ ..:'.." I*ine.
- SAN BERNARDINO, June 3.— A party
of San Bernardino, and Redland capital- '
iats to-day organized the San Bernardino
Valley Traction Company and articles of
Incorporation *wlll- be filed to-morrow
morning, with capital . stock . of $500,000. i
The company, as soon as franchises are 1
granted. ¦ will commence I the construction
of 'an. electric railway that will encircle
this county. The 'line will touch Red
lands. Colton. the State insane asylum at
Highland, Idlewlld . Mission and . Urbita
Springs. The latter resort* was purchas
ed? a* few days ago by this company,
which plans to ¦ make extensive improve
ments there. It is intended to extend the
road -to *¦ Los Angeles, 1 - a> distance >; of 60
miles, '.within" one year. Henry Fisher,
the Redlands, millionaire; is the chief pro
moter of the enterprise.-'
" - .. .- .. . . ;¦ . ,-
Mare Island Loses Phelps. J :
.VALLEJO, June 1 3.— Commander Thorn-; |
as S.Phelps has been detached from duty
atMare .Island and ordered to'the-com
mand, of , the Alert,: ; Captain Perkins hav
ing been ordered to succeed him in charge
of the equipment department, at. the navy
yard." > The i order ; detaching Commander
Phelps'ls received with regret at the navy
yard, as he is one of ;the most popular and
efficient officers ever,, stationed here. ; ..;
Strikers^ Gain Their . Point. .'
'VEVERETT. ¦ Wash:, : June -3.—The^Ever
ett Iron ;Works resumed , work to-day after
complying,wlth thedemands'of the strik
ers.*^: The 'works ' have s been f. closed two
week'3. ,' ' ' ;. - ..''• ."'¦ ' '••/, >""', ,' .. ¦' .
;. ¦ » ¦ — .;•
:'._Coine Bight 'Along ::
And have your pick of $3.50 ladies' as well
as men's shoes for, $L00 a'pair.^TJils i epe
cial' sale Is ; Intended I for a few ' days . only'*:
at the * Great s Factory-; Sale i of •, Shoes, 717
, Market street, : near. Third. • . ; j
Ready to Present the Play.
-On- Thursday, the feast of Corpus
Christ!, pontifical, high' mass will be cele
brated, after which there will be an expo
sition of the blessed sacrament. Each'
tribe will observe a special hour's adora
tion, and sing hvmns in its native lan
guage, after which there will be a prqfces
slon, ¦ with bands playing and cannon
booming 1 . At night there will be an en
tertainment given by the children from- St.
Mary's Mission in the big tent, the place
where most of 'the services will be held,
as the church is not capable of contain
ing the Indians.- . . , •
, VANCOUVER. B. C, June 3.— The Pas
sion Play celebration, which is to continue '
all this 4 week, commenced at Chilllwack '
this morning. More than 2000 Indians have
gathered on the big reservation tlfty miles
up the Fraser River from Vancouver to
take part in 'the most magnificent; roll-.
glous display ever seen, in the Northwest.
A special train left Vancouver this morn- j
ing. It carried "more than T 500 . coast In- !
dians.^with three bands, and all of the
banners and other 'material for display'
that are being gathered. g Indians have ar- r
rived from all over the province, from the
Kootenays, Shuswap, Okanogan, Ca-'boo,
Spuzzam anS from- coast ports • as far
north as Skeena and the Naas. There is
a delegation of 400 from ;Washintgon
State, principally from Tacoma and Sno
komish reservations. The natives are clad •
in bright colored holiday, attire, and laden
with presents, which are to be distributed, j
It is estimated that on, an average each
Indian has $100 worth of • blankets and
other household articles with him for pre- I
sentation to his relatives and friedds. The
pilgrimage is being conducted by the Or
der, of the Oblate Priests in honor of the
Sacred Heart, and one of the most impor
tant features will be the dedication of the
new church on the red men's reservation.'-
Bishop Gives a Reception. . ;j
This evening all the Indians were on the •
grounds and a reception ' was . hold -by
Right Rev. A. ' Dontenwill, Bishop of
Westminster. Speeches were delivered by S
all the greater chiefs in welcoriie to the
Bishop. There were eight Indian bands in
all, rigged out in feathers .reaching '.three !
feet .above- their, heads and in full i war- r
paint. " ¦•• . *< . , ¦ .a • - ¦'¦ ;•
On -Wednesday there will be a solemn 1
requiem mass for the late Bishop Durieu. '
Latin hymns will be sung;by the Indians: ;
Then there will be performed a; procession |
to the cemetery, during which funeral ¦
marches will be played by the bands. In j"
the afternoon there will be a meeting of ; ;
the -Temperance Association, and at 8
o'clock -the -benediction. -At 9 o'clock- the-!'
curfew bell will dismiss the Indians to \
their respective' camps.: "
In addition to these general public ser
vices separate services will be ncld In each
camp- bv priests,, who will 'address each
tribe in Its own language. Seven different
languages will be represented at the great
¦festival. ' ' . ' "i-- ¦.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Opens on the Northern
" Reservation. \
Join Pilgrimage to
Chilliwack.;
¦ ¦ ' — v — . ' . '
Week's Religious -Festival
Thousands of t Siwashes
EAGER TO VIEW
PASSION SCENES
•¦We believe a representative form of govern
ment a failure and regard direct legislation
and the Imperative mandate as the first step
.The national banking system is de
nounced and a postal savings bank'de
manded In its place, with the direct issue
of, all money by the Government. The
resolutions say: ..
¦ A graduated tax should be levied on Income
and inheritance, and a property tax should be
levied en land values i alone;
We view with alarm the evident desire to
Increase the standing army. , Aside from the
enormous expense a large military establish
ment imposes upon the producers ,, of the ' na
tion, who are the actual taxpayers, we know
from historical facts and our own experience
fhat it is the chosen weapon of tyrants al
ready, a foe to individual rights i of the com-.
mon people, and incompatible with free insti
tutions. Therefore we express the hope that
the members of organized labor : everywhere
will refrain from voluntary enllntment In any
department of the Federal or State military
service. ' _ , ¦
"We are opposed. to arbitrary Interference by
Federal authorities' In local affairs and we es
pecially object to government by injunction
as a new and highly "dangerous form of op
pression, by which "Federal Judges In contempt
of all laws of the State and rights of its citi
zens become at once legislators, judges and
executors. •. - v •¦ >• ¦ .
" "We are opposed . to the expansion of our na
tional boundaries for the acquisition of terri
tory populated by other than " the Caucasian
race.. •.;¦¦• .•' '¦•.;<.-'¦;¦ ¦ • . ¦-.":••• ¦ .. •
The resolutions say:
We advise the ' toller to be ever, on ! the alert
in defense of ¦ his rights, and educate himself
to protect those rights by a 'peaceful use . of
the ballot, so long as the feasibility of such
means will Justify the end ' in view. . When
not. let us be prepared s to I meet the enemy
with the weapons of his choice, and rather
spill every drop of life-giving fluid at the
point of the bayonet than ¦ submit ¦ further to
oppression on the part of our aggressors.
. DENVER, . Colo., June 3.-f The Western
Federation of Miners nearly completed the
work of the session -to-day and : are ex
pected to adjourn finally to-morrow. ~ The
day was , largely devoted to, the discussion
and adoption- of -resolutions. -The resolu
tions adopted last v week by the Western
Labor. I Union '.in *. favor, of . a^new; labor
party, r were "• adopted . unanimously. The
resolutions ' committee , made • its report,
which was adopted. ... ,
The preamble of the resolutions contains
the following paragraph: ' . : * . -
necessary to : enforce legislative reform, and
therefore demand the Initiative and referendum
In the making of all laws, national, State and
municipal. • . ,,.
"We believe the members of our organization
should be as a unit on all matters that affect
their Interest. Therefore we would suggest
that all political and economic questions be
discussed freely at all meetings of local unions
and that an aggressive policy of organization
along . these , lines be pursued, realizing from
past experience that it is not so much - the
principles - you advocate as the men you elect
to enact ' the laws and execute and Interpret
the same, j Knowing this, we would Insist on
the local unions selecting men from their own
ranks whenever possible to fill these positions.
SPEEDS DEATH
TO A RANCHER
Intoxicated Man Com
mits Murder Near
Modesto. .
Edward J. Donnelly the Vic
tim of a Former Em
ploye's Rage.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
MODESTO. June 3. — One of the most
dastardly, murders ever recorded In Stan
islaus County was committed last night
on the Donnelly ranch, west of Modesto.
Following a trivial dispute, Frank Cebulla
shot and instantly killed Edward J. Don
nelly, the proprietor of the ranch. His
weapon was a rifle and the bullet entered
Donnelly's right breast, passing entirely
through the body.
Rancher Donnelly formerly employed
Cebulla, who is a worthless and dissipated
fellow. Cebulla .visited the ranch while
intoxicated last night. The nature of his
quarrel with Donnelly Is not known, but
It is believed he was ordered off the place
and ' retaliated Dy shooting the rancher.
Donivelly was unarmed and the killing
was cold-blooded. The murdered man was
37 years of age and was reared on the
ranch on which he met his death. He
was a man who had the esteem of all his
neighbors.
After the shooting Cebulla set his rifle
down and said he would go to Lagrange
and surrender, but no trace of him can
be found by the officers engaged in the
search. Some believe he drowned himself
in Tuolumne River, which is near the
place of the homicide.
. There is no telegraph or telephone com
munication with the scene of the tragedy.
Sheriff Purvis. District Attorney "Walthall
and Deputy Coroner Bowker have gone
to the ranch. \
The reservation of all public land to
actual settlers Is demanded, as is also the
re-enactment of- the Chinese exclusion
law, so enlarged as to include all Asiatic
races. It was decided to engage an editor
for the official paper of the federation in
stead of requiring the .work of the presi
dent as at present. ... . .
I The "Western Labor Union spent the day
in discussing proposed changes in' the con
stitution. They are all of a minor nature.
INDUCED BY CROOKS r" .
- TO! FORGE A CHECK
Bedlands Young Man Lands in San
Quentin, While the Culprits
Escape. •
SAN BERNARDINO. June 3.— Camllllo
Perres of Redlands was to-day sentenced
by. Judge Campbell'to serve two and one
half.years in San Quentiri. for forgery. On
May, 8, during the visit of i President Mc-
Klnley, the, pocket of C. W. Craig was
picked by crooks, who obtained some cash
and several checks. They induced young
Perrez to present one of the checks at the
First National Bank, where he forged
Craig's name In order to' cash it. ! His
arrest followed. The pickpockets escaped.
Asphyxiated in a Mine.
NAPA; June 3.— Lee Turner was asphyx
iated In the Manhattan mine at Knox
vllle, Napa County, . on Friday. Turner
had started down a shaft to make re
pairs at the 100-foot level. By some mis
hap' his descent continued to the 200-foot
level, long unused and filled with gas. He
had expired before reaching the bottom.
Smelting Works Burned.
MILTON | June 3.— The smelting works
of the Union copper mine at Copperopo
lls were destroyed by fire yesterday. Su
perintendent Drew had been burning
¦waste matter and sparks from the smol
dering flre Ignited the works. This Is the
mine recently purchased by Mr. Green,
son of Mrs. Hetty Green, for a sum re
ported to be $1,000,000. from the estate of
the late Frederick Ames of Boston. x
Toilers Are Advised to Protect Their Rights by
Ballot; biiit Be Prepared to Face the Bayonet
Rather Thatf Submit to Oppression by Enemy
WESTERN FEDERATION OF MINERS
ADOPTS STRONG RESOLUTIONS
the san Francisco <^
•v yEW YORK. Juno 3.-Balllngton
P\ Booth, head of the Volunteers of
>^J America, denied to-day that he
i N was about to return to the Sal
vation Army and to be reunited
1th his father. The following statement
! published by authority:
"Mr. Balllngton Booth denies most em-
above all to a%*oid anything that might
possibly cause a controversy between the
two organizations."
Union of Forces Impossible.
Captain Thomas J. Noonan, adjutant of
the Pacific Coast Regiment, Volunteers
of America, says that recent rumors of a
Commanders of Volunteers of America and of Salvation Army Both Declare
That the Breach Has Not Been Healed, and There Has Been No Pro
posal, Secret or Otherwise, for Amalgamation of the Two Organizations
NO STEPS YET TAKEN TO REUNITE
THE MEMBERS OF THE BOOTH FAMILY
3
A Sale of Children's Suits
, Our sale of children's suits will continue this, coming week and many mothers can
save more than half on the clothing bill of the boy. .
E. J. Adler & Co., exclusive manufacturers of children's clothing at 633 Broadway, 1
New York, s'old ; up their entire sample -line for . 1901 at forty cents on the dollar, and we
in turn will retail them at the same immense reduction. -The suits were made up to represent
Adler's goods, and as they are. samples, the workmanship is necessarily perfect— every detail
of the making is done with the greatest care. E.J7. Adler & Co. have a national reputation
for making strictly high-grade clothing.
We have divided the suits into three lots— Lot 1, at $1.95, Lot 2 at. $2.95 an/1 Lot 3 at
$3.95. In each instance the /prices; to you are lower than the usual wholesale prices of the
goods. ¦-¦*.- ¦:.''¦ '' ':^-V^: '^wr ¦ . £
The suits comprise : Norfolks*, Sailors, Russian Blouses, vestees and two-piece suits in
the latest 1901 style and patterns. The ages are from 3 to 16 years. Here are the values:
,L6t No. 1 contains suits worth $4.00 and $5.00, which \v|ll be sold for
Lot No. 2 comprises ; suits worth $5.50 and $6.50, which will be sold for
' Lot No. 3 represents suits worth $7.00 and $8.50; which are marked to sell at
Union-Made Clothing for Men
It stands to reason that union meii can make better clothes than unskilled -labor; the
former are paid, more and -they work less hours; they are skillful and well" trained ;1 : their, work
must be up.to the^'standard of theirunion; the result is that union-made clothing is the best
clothing in the world- /..'-_• : ....-?' - ;'• '. • , ? .•.
: r /Although our; clothing as union made it does hot cost. the. customer-; accent more, for
; we manufacture the clothes' ourselves, employing union men,' and we save >you^every cent the
¦c middleman ordinarily gets/ This saving. alone: more thaq pays the diffefence'iri wages of union
men over-unskilled labor. * ' • . , • , <
! We have some union made * overcoats at.-$7:5O, 'some union made., suits- at $10.00
-; and 1 some .union" made ; trousers at $3.00 whichlwe would -like very much toT show you.
5 See the 1 goods in our : >*"V :?Q^¥ g &^- /£T\i'^r^ ma 'Out-of-town : orders
to buy. unless you ¦ u . - /ing-, furnishings or
choose to. ¦"¦¦¦'- v^ 718 fTarket Street, . * hats. •I- Would you have peace? f^Use^ Searby's . I*Fleas-
Must-Go." : 2ii and SO r*nts _ : 40ft Ktitt*»i"«tr*ftf •
Pauncefote Goes to Ensrland.
WASHINGTON," June 3— Lord Paunce
fote left here to-night ¦ and will sail , to
morrow for a stay of , some . months In
England.-: Although' on a vacation.* it jwill
afford .an .opportunity for -conferences
with Lord Salisbury and Lord Lansdowne
concerning;, pending questions,' chief .< of
which are those' In connection', with* the
Isthmian canal.? . Lontl- JLansdowne has
made, known that he will not take up the
subject . for consideration . .- until ,- Lord
Pauccefote arrives in Londnn ;¦<' ..* ¦¦¦* .. ¦¦*
Sultan to Aid .Hospital.
BERLIX, June 3. — The Sultan of . Tur
key intends to present to the Berlin Hos
pital a wing, the plans of which have
been sent to Emperor William for ap
proval.
CHICAGO, June 3.— There was a double
sensation in the Premier stakes at'Haw
thorne to-day. -Garry Herrmann, the
great Derby colt, pulled up absolutely
last, bleeding badly, and has , probably
seen his best days as a racehorse. Herr
mann bled slightly after a short workout
last Friday, but it was attributed to a'
slight cold and little fear was felt" that
he would become a bleeder. To-day, < In'
his , first race since that time he was
making a fine spurt on the back stretch
and overhauling the leader. Operator,
when Winkfleld saw that his mount was
bleeding severely and pulled the colt up.'
This was not the only . sensation that
came out of the race." The judges mis
placed the third horse. Sliverdale came
along in the stretch and won handily by
a length from Operator. -.The' latter was
half a length in front of Omdurjnan/ who
was only a head in front of Robert Wad
dell. Eight lengths behind Robert Wad
dell came Edith Q,* but the judges posted
Edith Q's number third Instead of Om
durman's. ' The owners of all -three
ho rses — Omdur man , - Robert ! Waddell and
Edith Q— went to the stand and told the
judges of their mistake, but they refused
to change their decision. Summary: ¦ ( -'
Six furlongs— The Rush won. King Dellls
second, Alearetta third. Time, 1:14. . '. •
Seven furlongs, selling — Andes won,. Sortie
second, Billy Massie, third. Time, 1:28. f
Steeplechase, handicap, short I course— Alice
B won. Coronatus second. Populist I third.
Time, 3:20. ' . • . * | - - , '
Premier stakes, ¦ one > mile — Sliverdale • won/
Operator second, Edith Q third. Time, VA0-At.
One mile and twenty yards— Star Chamber
won, Boney.'Boy second,. Ohnet third: Time,
1:42.- • ¦. ' • -* ¦ ' ¦ - .V ' '
. One mile and a sixteenth — Laureate won.
Scotch Plaid second. Thurles third. Time, 1:48.
ST. j LOUIS, June i.— The following Is the
summary of the races held to-day at the Fair
Grounds : ~ - - - ¦ - ¦ • . ...
. One mile. ¦ selling— V-auas won, ' Chickamauga
second, Julletta B third. Time, 1:43%. *
. Five furlongs, selling— Has Gift won, Jim
Scanlan second, King Ford third.- Time, 1:03. ¦
Six furlongs— Prince . of - Delight- won,. The
Commander second, Diaz . third. Time, . 1:15%.
Six' furlongs — Duelist won, 1 . Miss i Mae -T^ay
second, A. D. Gibson third. Time, 1:14%.
One mile, and seventy yards, . selling— Amelia
Strathmore won, Kltty-Clyde second, Silver
Coin third; Time. ,1:47%. ;.," ¦ ¦ '. .
One mile, ' selling— Tea.' Gown ;: won, Belle
Simpson second, Oinelia third. Time, 1:42.
-NEW." YORK. June : 3.— The • races to-day re
sulted as follows: .¦»¦¦-'•... -V <
One mile, and three-quarters, hurdle handi
cap— Cephalagia won. Desperado second,. Mon
roe Doctrine third. Timer 3:22.v.' ' V •
Five furlcngs— Neither One won. Right Away >
second, Rocsignot' third, lime,. 1:02 4-5. -: ¦„ ¦
One mile, and seventy yards— Gold Spinner
won. Ethics, second, Belvino third. ¦ Time, .1:47.
• Five ¦ furlongs," Criterion stakes— Grail, won
.Blue Girl second,. Hanaver Queen third. .Time
1:01 4-5.' ' '.;. ,' ;. .¦'.' - '¦' ¦¦- • - : . ¦¦ .. •' ?. : -
One mile and a "sixteenth— Dr. '.Barlow won :
First Whip second, Alc»ao third." Time, 1:48 3,5
About -six furlongs, selling— Godfrey won, Dr
Riddle second, , Oliver Me third. .- Time, 1:12.
.*. CINCINNATI, 'June ;" 3.— The Newport races
to-day were won as follows: V. , ¦ .
* ! Six ' furlongs— Baronet I won,' - Stamp . second
Ida -Penzance: third. ',Time,"l:14%.." ' ;
Five . turlongs— Erema -won, '-Allaire second,
Lilly, Pantland third. Time, , 1:01%.'; - » ' • . •
' .'Four and " a-; half . furlOngs, , selling— Ben Hul- ,
lum'won, Ben Lovejoy, second, '.Wanlnta third-
Time, :55hi.' ¦' . ¦¦¦''- .-¦•.¦•.<= '».,-. .- « _ . v : .
v Seven furlongs. . sellins— Flop won, :- Sundown
II second,', Marion Lynch third, i Time,->1:28%. -y.
c. Six furlongs, selling— Young Henry .won,' Re-"
luctant second,"- Juniper, third. ?-.Tlme, ,1:14%. •¦ ; ;.
•Mile and- arsixteenth.'i selling— Qnaver: won,'
The Sluggard* second,, Rowdy ;G'. third.' ? Time "
i:47.. .- .r.iV'- «•-• •¦-> ¦¦¦>-• '¦¦ ¦ ¦¦¦¦¦¦\'->:::-t-'i '.'¦¦: r....
The Racing T>ays of Garry Herrmann
• Are Now Thought to Be ;:
Over.
GBEAT DERBY OOLT
BECOMES A BLEEDEB
COMMANDO, the famous son of
Domino, and the property of '
James R. Keene, is looked upon
as being the best three-year-old
of recent years. On the after
noon of May 24 he-won the classic Bel
mont stake at Morris Park, beating a fast
field. .
Commando was the champion two-year
old of last season. No other horse could
make him extend himself and he won his
races with comparative ease.- Jockey
Spencer, who was set down for his indii-
NEW YOBK TEAM BATS
POWELL OUT OF THE BOX
St. Iiouis Pitcher Replaced by Mur
phy, Who Is Also Heavily
" Slugged.
NATIONAL. LEAGUE. > " . '. .
PITTSBURG, June 3 —Philadelphia was
saved a shut out 'by Delehanty's hit. f°»° w « d
by Fllck'8 three-baKger. " The visitors could do
I nothing with Phllllppl. while the locals hit
ttoggleby and Townsend at will. Attendance,
3000. Score: HE.
Pittsburs - 1 } l l I
Philadelphia • *• 6 3 ,
Batteries-Phllllppi and O'Connor; Duggieby,
Townsend and McFarland. Umpire— Emslle.
CHICAGO. June 3.— Chicago got but four
'scattered hits oft Willis .to-day, only two men
reaching third. Boston scored one run on a
8ln S le and a: long double, the second - on ¦ a
scratch triple and a two-bagger and the third
on three singles. Attendance, 750. Score: /
. - V R. . H. E.
Chicago •••••'!> * "' *
Boston 3 10 1
Batteries— Hughes and Kahoe; , "Willis and
Kittredge. Umpire— O' Day.
ST ! LOUIS. F June 3.— The : New York team
knocked Powell out of the box to-day. He
was replaced by Murphy, who hadlllttle better
success. Score: . • HE
St. Louis '...*.:. '••'{; \l I
New York ....8 • . lo O
Batterles^-Powell, Murphy and Ryan; Phyle
and .Warner. Umpire— Dwyer. ,
: * CINCINNATI; June J.-f-The finish- to-day was
exciting. With one run needed to tie and two
men oi«. an error, a base on balls ana a
scratch hit filled the bases and Keeler was up.
He sent a fly to Crawford and the game was
over. Attendance, , 2500. Score: .
... R. H. ; fc/.
Cincinnati "..' V" 5 12 ?
Brooklyn ¦•;••,¦• 4 1Z
' Batteries— Phillips an.l Bergen; Hughes and
McGuire. Umpire— Cuuningham.
'r .'' > AMERICAN LEAGUE. .
CLEVELAND, June 3.— Dowllng's wlldnes*
was responsible for the defeat of Cleveland
to-day^ie giving nine bases on balls and hit
ting two batters. Score;:'- .•„,.-. > . _
.... - • ' ' ' . R« .- **. E.
Cleveland... .......:........ 2 , f J
Baltimore ...I. :r..r. ......... 7 S.» . I
: Batteries— Dowling and- Wood; Dunn and
Bresnahan. . - ,.-'-. ; y »
DETROIT,* June 3.— Singles by Powers and
Plank, with Dolan'a base on balls, and Geier's
high fly to Holmes in the second inning this
afternoon, brought in two runs and • won the
game t or . the Philadelphia Athletics, g Attend
ance, 3200. Score: . ; . r • _ ',_< _
Detroit 1 6.3
Athletics ....;..... 2 '. 6 > .2
Batteries— Miller and Buelow; Plank and
Powers. _ * \ '
' MILWAUKEE. June 3.— Sparks pitched a
masterly game to-day, allowing but three sin
gles in as many innings. The visitors would
have been shut out, but in the: ninth Inning
errors by Frlel. >. Connor and Anderson let ' in
two runs.' Attendance, 1200.' Score:' . ¦ ; :
• . . VR. H. E.
Milwaukee •• i « ,<
Boston ". 2 3 ,1
Batteries— Sparks and Connor; % Lewis and
Sdhreck. ¦. .. = >i • . • .
CHICAGO,, June 3.— Washington pu t up, a
great game and won' handily. The local team
fought bard all the time, . but', was unable to
¦win. ; Patten was in rare form, allowing but
four bits. Attendance. 2100. ¦ Score: --.--• I
.• .:•¦¦.¦.¦¦,.¦,•. •;" '. R. • H. E.
Chlcago : ..."..;.'.. ..'....'.'.... .*.;..*..... 3 ' 4 ¦ 1
Washington • .V .;:..:.... 6 .8 1
'"•> Batteries^-Patterson and Sullivan; Patten
and Clark. . . . .>
. . ; , 0 » j- ; ¦ :
Handball Tournament.
: ' The handball tournament now on at^the
San Francisco Handball Alley \ on How
ard street, is attracting great attention
among the lovers of the old Irish game.
The players participating ' are the fore
most . on . the coast and every game play
ed is cl6se and exciting. To-morrow night
Jimmy White, one of ¦ the .youngest and
best < players ir: • the West, is c to <- play
"Dick" Linlhan. - the '.'overhand . swiper.".
R. Hausrnan and T. , Leach \ are to .„- play
in the second class and M.".M.' Guthrie
and. G.''B. ! . Hay ward are to meet ; in - the
third ? class. . Handsome • trophies :. will '.be
awarded the victors in '.each class.. There
are more than.ascore ofjentries.
O'Hare Kidnaping. Case.
The preliminary examination of Thomas
. G. Jacques and > his '-wife Caroline, on -the
charge of kidnaping the old man,' Joseph
O'Hare,, was < continued before Judge Ca
baniss"yesterday;>•*Miss?Lavinia.Lally, a
niece of "O'Hare.i was t under | cross-exami
! ration all forenoon by -ex-Governor Budd.
¦ Shells a. lawyer in" Brooklyn,' N.;Y.;: and
showed ' thatr she .was -familiar. 1 : with s - the
rules V of : evidence.' -' The whole ; cross-ex
amination Xwas - taken (i up i by . an ", attempt
to 'shows-, that, she -was, a "party itova con^
spiracy, to -get }; possession' of ;.O'Hare's
money- but ' : she >; was * not > to •. be « led {'. intc
any admission * of the kind.*- ;. The • case ¦ will
i be resumed next> Tuesday. •¦;¦:'. /; '*' •- •¦¦-.:.
ferent ride last season, was "reinstated
and piloted the fast horse to victory in
the Belmont stakes. The horse was not
started in public this year. He was en
ter etl in the Withers stakes,, but was
scratched. He showed great speed In pri
vate trials, but never fulfilled in public.
During the winter he improved wonder
fully in looks and he is at, present one of
the .best looking three-year-old' colts in
training. - .-¦::- .¦:¦•¦-... .
Commando's closest rival for honors in
the three-year-old class was The Parader.
owned by R. T. Wilson Jr. Both horses
met in the Belmont stakes and it was. a
battle r'oyal between them. According t<
the telegraphic description Command!
won easily. The race was witnessed bj
15.000 people.
The horses were sent off on the first
break to a good start and Spencer took
Commando to the front and led by-twc
lengths up the back stretch. Going up th«
hill The Parader moved up to him and
they ran neck and neck around the fai
turn. For a few jumps The Paradei
showed in front, but it was only on suf
ferance, and when- Spencer called on Com
mando at the head of the stretch he cami
away and won easily.
WAITEB, BUNS AMXTCK IIT
1 PRIZEFIGHTER'S SALOON
William P. Fox Arrested for Cutting
a Finger Off -William
. Murphy.
William P. Fox, a waiter, who came Into
prominence recently in being charged with
placing his wife in a house of ill-fame, ap
peared before '•Judge Mogan yesterday on
a charge, of assault with a deadly weapon.
The case was continued till to-morrow.
Fox went to the saloon of "Jimmy"'
Lawler, the prizefighter, at Turk and Tay
lor streets. Sunday night and became very
abusive. Lawler tried to keep him quiet,
but failing started to put him out. Fox
showed fight and it took Lawler some
time to subdue him. -After he recovered
Fox went to a restaurant next door and
ordered a sandwich and while the sand
wich «was being prepared he grabbed a
butcher knife from the counter and rushed
into the saloon. He made for Lawler, who
drew a revolver to protect himself.
William Murphy, who is employed in the
saloon, fearing serious trouble, attempted
to pacify Fox, but he turned on him and
made a slash at him with the knife, cut
ting one of his fingers off. Murphy was
taken to the Receiving Hospital, where
the finger stub was dressed, and Fox was
arrested by Policemen Coleman and Sulli
van. ,
Mrs. Bro-wn's Lecture Postponed.
Owing to an affliction of the voice, Mrs.
Clara Bell Brown, the anti-suffragist,
who was to have lectured at Sherman-
Clay Hall . last night, failed to appear.
Her. physician found that she was suffer
ing from loss of voice, incident to over
work, and advised her, to cancel the en
gagement.: The lady, will announce her
future arrangements later.
Begerow's Case in Supreme Court.
The case of Fred Begerow. the San Jose
Constable, accused of the murder of Jo
seph Cech and August Berger at a brew
ers' picnic last July, was .heard before
the Supreme Court in bank yesterday. No
decision was rendered, but the case was
ordered to be submitted on briefs.
COMMANDO, JAMES R. KEENE'S GREAT THREE-YEAR-OLD, WHICH IS SAID TO BE THE GREATEST HORSE
OF HIS AGE NOW PERFORMING ON THE RACECOURSES OF THIS COUNTRY. HE ISA SON OF THE FA
MOUS DOMINO. -
. The charge grows out of his refusal- to
pay the bill of a San Francisco dentist.
He sent a letter to the dentist after re
ceipt of the bill, stating that as the audi
tor for the Navy Department would have
to pass upon it it might be considered ex
tortionate and a reduction would facili
tate its payment. The dentist declined to
reduce the bill, and after - further corre
spondence referred the matter to the Navy
Department. , • .
The Government does not. of course, set
tle the private debts of an officer. Cap
tain Impey was called upon for an expla
nation. He Informed the department that
he had inadvertently signed the letter rel
ative to , the. necessity of action . by the
auditor on the bill. This explanation was
not considered satisfactory and a court
martial was ordered. ¦ Captain Impey re
cently applied for retirement 1 under the
law permitting officers to be placed on the
retired list after forty. years' service. Un
less he is acquitted it is unlikely that his
application will be granted.- When: retired
he will receive the rank of -rear admiral.
Junior grade. • - .
CALL. BUREAU. 1406 G STREET, N.
W.. WASHINGTOX.-June 3.— A dentist's
bill for $50 is responsible for • the court
martial of Captain R, E. Impey, which
began to-day at Mare Island. The court
was convened in accordance with Instruc
tions from Washington. .It Is presided
over by Rear Admiral Merrill Miller, with
Commander Alexander . McCracken as
judge advocate. Captain Impey is charg
ed -with "scandalous conduct.'.'
Special Dispatch to' The Call.
Why a Naval Officer Is
. on Trial at Mare
Island.
DENTIST'S BILL
CAUSES CHARGES
• Betting— Cromwell. 7-5; Pat Morrissey, 2;
Lost Girl. 6; Sylvan Lass. 12; Einstein, 8; The
Buffoon, 50; Rio Chico, 7; Tom Calvert, 30;
Rairfier. 100.
Time— 1-16. :07; %. :24V4 ; %. :49; \, 1:15; mile.
1:4116; 1 l-16m, 1:48. Good start. Won first
three driving. Winner. W. M. Hurry's ch. h.
by imp. St. Blalse-Flavlna. Pat Morrissey got
away poorly and was cut off. on first turn.
Without interference he 'would have won.
Cromwell ran a nice race. Lost Girl ran to
form. Sylvan Lass closed stoutly. Scratched —
Sunello 107, Burdock 107.
2547. SIXTH RACE— Mile and a sixteenth;
selling; four-year-olds and up; purse, $300.
Index, Horse. Wt, Jockey. St. hk- Str. Fin."
2524 Cromwell, a, 114 Ruiz 16 2 2 1 1 %
(2524)P. Morrlssy, a. 107.Alxdr 6 3 h 1 1% 2 3 *
2525 Lost Girl, a, 105... .Hoar 4 5 1 4 Vi 3 Vi
2529 Sylvan Lass, 5. 105. Prior 5 7 1 8 1 4 1
2529 Einstein, 6, 107-BaRslngr 3 11 3 h 5 1«
2502 The BufTn. 4, 107.Gutlrz 2 8 1 7 1 6 1
2532 Rio Chico. 5. 107-Bozemn 7 2 % 5 Vi 7 1
2529 T. Calvert, 6. 107. Tullett 8 9 6 % 8 1
2514 Rainier, 6. 107. H. Brown 9 419 9 ,
Betting— Homage, 8; Foul- Play. 7-2: Dolli*
Weithoff. 5: Mocorito, 6-5; Lucera, 30; Clar
ando, 12; Galene. 75.
Time— U. :23%: %. :4SU : %, 1:14%. Good
start. Won first three driving. Winner. O. P.
Romigh's ch. f. by Take Notice-Hoolou.
Homage showed sudden improvement. Foul
Play ran to form. Ruiz made too much early
use of Mocorito and weight told.
2546. FIFTH RACE— Six furlongs; selling;
mares; three^year-olds and up; purse, |300.
Index. Horse. .Wt. Jockey. St. '4- Str. Fin. .
2o32 Homage. 3. 1C5.. Bozeman 5 5 6-32 1 \ l />
2516 Foul Play. 4, 117... Hoar 2 33 '21 2 2
2527 D. Weithoff. 5. 114.Alxdr 6 4 1 4 2 3 n
2522 Mocorito. 6, 124 Ruiz 1 1 n 1^45'
2?37 Lucera, 3. 103 Bergen 4 7 .'6 1 5 2
2527 Clarando. 5. 114.Bassingr 3 2 4 5 1 6 3
2S30 Galene. 4, ¦ 112.....Slocum 7 65 7 7
Betting— Katie Walcctt, 3; Frank Woods, 15;
C&nejo. 4; Matilda O. 12: Gold Finder. 12-5:
Thracia. 7: Aphrodis. 12; Follow Me, 30; Triple
Cross. 25; Bob Palmer. 50.
Time— To *i. :21%; to hi. :-»6; last %. 1:01%:
short %, 1:11*4. Good start. Won easily. Sec
ond and third driving. Winner. E. Kauff
man's ch. m. by Prince Royal-Penelope. Katie
Walcott ran away from her field from the head
of the stretch. ¦ Thracia and Matilda O plenty
of speed first part, but dogged It. Frank
Woods ran a nice race. Scratched — Count Hu
bert 108, El Rey 103.
2545. FOURTH RACE— Futurity course: sell
ing; three-year-olds and up; purse, $300.
Index, Horse, Wt, Jockey. St. Vt. Str. Fin
(2509) K. Walcott, 4, llSBozmn S 3^,11 1 iu
2423 Fk. Woods. 4, HS.Romro 551 2h 2l"
2541 Canejo. 4. 114 Ruiz 2 4 h 4 1 3 h
2500 Matilda O. 3, 107-Gutierz 7 1 h 3 h 4 l\l.
2536 Gold Finder. 4, llo.Alxnd 862 5 3 5s"
(1922)Thracia. 3, 106 Hoar 4 2 h 6 1 6 1
S?00 Aphrodis. 3, 106... Stuart 1 1,V> 7 V4 7 2
2524 Follow Me. 3, lCS.Fantly 3 8 1 S 2 8 5
2435 Triple Cross. 3, lC6.Burkl0 9 20 9 15 9 20
169S Bob Palmer, 3, lOS.Bergn 9 10 10 10
Time— 3-16. :1SU : y. :24%: J*. :50H: 5%f,
l:0S?i. Good start. Won first three driving.
Winner. Burns & Waterhouse's br. m. by imp.
Loyalist-Pride. Huachuca best, but Alexander
put it on Bergen. Torso Maid and Hainault
k11!<^ theaiselves off at the post. Irma A had
I'lenty of early speed, but quit badly.
234-*. THIRD RACE— Five and a half fur
longs; selling; two-year-olds; purse, $300.
Index. Horse. Wt, Jockey. St. »4. Str. Fin.
(2i2S)Vasallo. 107.... Alexander 1 2"lii Hi Ins
2508 Huachuca, 110. ... Bergen 432-21 21%
246S Torso Maid. lC7.BassnKer 3 6 4 >j 3 4
2531 Quadra. 107 Tullett 5 5 4 6 4 n
2534 Hainault, 107 Hoar 6 4 3 3 M 5 12
2i20 Irma A, 10S Bozeman 2 In 51 6
Time— %, :12%; .%. :23tf; hi. :49>4; %. 1:14%;
'*. 1:2S. Good start Won easily. Second and
third driving. Winner. Burns & Waterhouse's
br. m. by imp. Loyalist-Pride. It wae easy
for Prejudice; she outclassed her field. First
Shot ran to his notch. Alas plenty » of early
speed, but stopped very badly. Formatus ran
a fair race. Scratched— Odd Eyes 109.
Betting-Prejudice. 4-5; First Shot, 5; For
matus, 20; Kickumbob. 200; Mike Rice. 15;
Grand Sachem, 6; Alas, 7.
2543. SECOND RACE-Seven furlonge; sell
ing; four-year-olds and upward; "purse, $300.
Index, Horse. Wt. Jockey. St. >4. Str. Fin.
2521 Prejudice. 4, lU.Alexndr 2 3 2 In 1 1»/.
(2536) First Shot. 4. 107.Ba6Rr 3 2% 2 1^25*
251 i Foimatus, 4. 107.. Bergen 4 4 h 4 1 3 3
2535 KJckumbob, 4, ICT.Tmpin 6 6 h 6 2 4 3
2532 Mike Rice. a. lll.Tullett 7 5 1 5 & 5 %
23S3 G. Sachem, 6, 103. ..Hoar 5 7 7 6 2
2527 Alas. 4, 105...Fauntleroy 1 1 \i 3 h 7
• Time— To M, :21; to %, :45%; last %, 1:01^;
short 94. 1:11%; Good start. Won easily. Sec
ond and. third, driving. Winner, D. C- McCar
thy's ch. g. by Harry O'Fallon-Ethel. Hilary
much the. be^t:: he came away from, his- field
at leisure. Boy on Abba L. went to pieces al
the finish; he should have been second. Bag
dad ran a .nice. race. Balance no account. I
Betting— Hilary. 9-5; Bagdad, 50; Abba U 12;
Edith O, 25; Bonitary, 6; Pidalia. 100; Tinkle
Tinkle. 10; Marineuse. 5; El Karn, 20; Carlon
ian, 12; Llndo, 15; • Spindle, 12.
OAKLAND C RACETOACK — Monday,
Juce 3, 190L~Weather fine. Track fast.
2542. FIRST RACE— Futurity course; sell
ing; three-year-olds and upward; . purse, $300.
Index. Horse. Wt, Jockey. St. %. 9i. Fin.
2536 Hilary. 4, 115. Ruiz 1 2 2 2 1 14
2536 RagdUd, 4. 115....Tullett 2 5 n 3 »4 2 n ">
2422 Abba L. 3. 101...Brodien 4 1 % -1% 3 3
2422 Edith O, 3. 101.... Stuart 6 4 hi 4 1 * ¥¦
2500 Bonitary. 3. lOS.Alxnder S 8n 6»/i-5 1>,4
1912 Pidalia, 4, 115. Mk. Brgren 6 6 3 9 h 6 3.
2530 T. Tinkle, 3, 103..Bergenl0 11.5 8 1 7 n
... Marine^e, 3, 103.. ..Hoar 9 TIM 7 I 8 8
2532 El Karn, 3, 108.Brlngme 3 9 3 10 3 ' 9
. 2C39 Carlonian, 3, 108 Ryanl2 10 >$ 11 4 10 1
2470 Undo. 4, 112 Dlngley 7 3 1 6 V- 11 1
». 2519 Spindle, 3. 107.Basslngerll 12 12 12 *
First race— Armado. Lady Carlo, Tou Tou.
Second race^ — Hohenlohe, Senator Matts, Dare
n.
Third race — Byron Rose, Gibraltar, Grafter.
Fourth race— Louwelsea, Jarretierre d"Or,
Yellowstone.
Fifth race— Vanttne. McAlbert, Dangerous
Meld.
Sixth race— Quibo, Jim McCleevy, Merops.
Probable Winners.
WITH the exception of tne fifth
race at Oakland yesterday,
when Mocorito was beaten un
mercifully, the favorites ruled
with an even, regular hand.
The play in the ring, which now consists
of nine regular books and two of the
field variety, was fast enough to keep the
chalkers and pencllers hard at work.
Hilary, the 8 to 5 favorite,. won the first
race without any great stress of effort.
Off well at the start. Ruiz kept Hilary well
up In front. Abba L contesting until the
stretch was reached. . Bagdad beat Abba
L out for the place, fof which there was
no excuse. Bagdad was posted in the
books at 50 to 1. a false price, considering
the company. • '
In the second race over seven furlcnef,
after a perfect start, Alas, First Shot and
Prejudice separated themselves from the
rest of the field and went down the back
stretch in the order named. Alexander,
on Prejudice, a- 3 to 5 favorite, kept . the
mare in good position, winning easily.
First Shot worked in for the place. Por
matus getting the show. Something of
the slow order happened to Alas, who is
still walking- slow behind.
The two-year-old race over the five and
a half furlong route produced an excit
ing finish between Vasallo. Alexander up,
and Huax:huca. Martie Bergen in the sad
dle. After a long delay at the post on ac
count of bad acting horses and worse be
havior on the part of the jockeys, lrnia
A and Vasallo took the lead. After the
turn into the stretch Huachuca came up
like a. flash and it looked almost a ctr
tainty that the favorite. Vasallo, would
be beaten, but Alexander went to the bat
and ntsed out Huachuca for the purse.
Torso Maid, the second choice, made the
show.
Goldfinder. the favorite in the fourth
race, over the Futurity course, was no
where in the finish. Bozeman on Ivatie
"Wolcott carried off the honors, Frank
Woods scoring the place at (5 to 1 and
Canejo Just making the show.
Before the fifth race nothing but Moco
rito was heard in the ring. From 2 to 1
the price was backed to 6 to 5, some
money going in on Foul Play, the second
choice. Mocorito got away well iu ihe
start, led by a safe margin until well in
the stretch. Then the mucilage seemed to
be on her hoofs and the best Ruiz ii".a-Jt=
of it was fourth. Homage. 8 to 1. conJng
up and nipping the purse. Foul Play got
the r>lace and Dollie Weithoff the show.
When Ruiz got through on Cromwell in
the sixth race over the one and a six
teenth mile route there was a neck and
neck spurt from the paddock . to the
stretch with Pat Morrissey, the second
choice in the running. Lost Girl nipped
the show.
Track Notes.
Bozeman was set down five days by
Starter Mulholland for gay conduct in the
fifth race. While lining up for the start
Bozeman shouted. "Now come on, boys."
and the pack. came full tilt toward tho
barrier, which they all ducked in unison.
"Five days for that," said Mulholland,
and now Bozeman is on the ground again.
It was announced yesterday by Presi
dent Williams that the California Jockey
Club •will conclude the season of racing on
June 15.
To-Day's Entries.
First race— Four furlongs; maiden two-year
olds ; purse. . .
.... Addle D .1151 K3S Flattered ......110
25J1 Lady Carlo.. ...110 2538 Armado 110
2331 Prestene 110 2313 Marelio 113
2511 Gypsy Boy 113 2313 Knockings 119
2S1S Big Massle 108 25SS Tou You 110
2538 Hon. P. Sterl'g.U3 23S Kemele 113
Second rv:e — One mile; four-year-olds and
upward; selling.
2511 Boardman 1131 2502 Faunette Ill
2519 William F 109 2525 Kastaine Ill
2512 Abbyleir L 107 2537 Senator Matts.,115
2329 Hofcenlohe 116 2507 Guilder 113
2494 Firelipht II 10» 2175 Rlxford ....109
2447 Dare II 113 2519 Begonia V Ill
Third race— Six furlongs; three-year-olds;
purse.
2546 Mocorlto 1171 2533 Grafter 103
2533 Byron Rose 103| <2532)Glbraltar 116
• Fourth race— Fire and a half furlongs; two
year-olds; purse.
252S Louwelsea 1151 2528 Jar'tierre d'Or.112
2534 Tomplon 1121 2534 Yellowstone 115
Fifth race— Six furlongs; three-year-olds and
¦upward; selling.
<2S22) Me Albert I lilt 2522 Hlffh Hoe. 104
2488 Sreenwell Lake 9C (2S16)Vantlne 107
23^7 Good Hope 104U2535)Danser's Mald.107
Sixth race— One mile and seventy yards;
thr«?-year-olds and upwar/I: selling.
*2S37)Qulbo 111 2511 The Gafflr 107
2535 Jim McCleevy..llS 2547 Rio Chlco 115
2325 Merops 115
The Board "of Supervisors yesterday
passed to print the ordinance fixing the
tax budget for the next fiscal year. The
rate will be $1,076. of which'. $1 will raise
$4,000,000 of the necessary funds for the
current -expenses of the municipal grov
ernment, which are estimated at $5,470,100.
The 7.6 cents will bring in the $285,000
needed for park purposes and $25,000 for
interest and sinking funds of park bonds
of 1S74-5. The other $1,470,100 of the mu
nicipal expenses will come from license
taxes and other sources of revenue. The
budget as passed upon, by the board at
its last three sessions was confirmed as
published, with the following exceptions:
District Attorney, raised from $36,200 to
J37.2S0; Police Judges. $21,600 to $24,000; archi
tect's department. Board of ) Public ' Works,
$9970 to $11,970. which allows for an increase
of the head architect's salary from J3000 to
$50CO; Health Department salaries, $56,iOO to
*o7,000: Park Emergency Hospital, $4000 to $9000,
providing the assessment roll exceeds $400,
voo.ooo. ¦ . - I
Malison's Plea Successful.
Commissioner Manson of the Board of
Public Works made a pica for the restor
ation of the position of superintendent of
streets, which was stricken from the sal
ary roll at Saturday's meetings. Manson
resented the suggestion that his asso
ciate, Maguire. be delegated to supervise
street work, saying that Maguire was in
competent to do it. and further, that it
was the Board of Works' prerogative to
designate where its officials shall be
placed. Tobin's motion that $2400 be re
inserted in the budget to pay Superin
tendent of Streets Thomas* salary was
carried by a bare ten votes. Reed said
that the vice of the Board of Works lies
in the multiplication of bureaus and de
partments.
The position of Chief Sanitary Inspector,
held by W. P. Chalmers, which was
stricken from the budget at the last meet
ing, was restored to the salary roll. Reed's
motion that the items of the Health De
partment expenses be specified was . car
ried.
Director Denman objected to compelling
the Board of Education to expend J12.C00
for a playground south of Market street,
but the appropriation was allowed ! to '
stand. Hotaling's motion that the money
be transferred to the school fund for otheij
purposes and the Park Commission be re
quested to take the matter up was de
feated.
Stafford's motion to strike out the item
of £25,000 to construct a. police station at
Fourth and Clara streets was defeated. ¦
Stenographers for Police Courts.
* Connor's motion that. $1080 be allowed
for a bookkeeper for the Warrant and
Bond Clerk was carried. The Police
Judges were allowed two additional sten
ographers at $2400 each.
Stafford's motion to • cut the Justice
Court Clerks from five to four was lost,
as was also McCarthy's motion to pay
the janitors of the Hall of Justice $2 per
day instead of ?2 50.
Brandenstein made a plea to pay the
interest, amounting to $12,000, on unpaid !
back salaries of teachers. Tobin saw no
reason why teachers should be shown
any more preference than merchants_The
motion to pay interest en the claim^was !
carried,' Hotaling. Jennings, McCarthy, !
Reed and Tobin voting no. Tobin's mo
tion that the other creditors of the city
be allowed interest, amounting to $28,000.
on their claims was defeated. - > ¦
The Mayor informed the board that the
Assessor had notified him that the assess
ment, roll would probably reach $405,000,000,
instead of $400,000,000. the basis on which
the budget was fixed. This allows $50,000
additional revenue, which- was appropri
ated, conditioned on the Mayor vetoing
the items should the roll not reach $405,
000,000, as follows: Repaving of Post street,
$20,000; repairs to schoolhouses, $10,000; in
terest on teachers' claims. $12,000; law li
brary. Hall of Justice, $2000. Any addi
tional surplus will" be utilized for the re
construction of streets and sewers.
The Mayor was authorized to appoint a
committee of twenty-five citizens to make
arrangements for the Fourth of July cele
bration.
Tho City Attorney filed an opinion that
the city may accept the gift from the
Mutual Telephone Company of an option
upon its franchise, but he doubts that it
¦would be worth-, anything as the i basis of
an enforcible right. '
For Some Additional
Improvements^/
Possible | Surplus Will Pay
Interest" on Back
, Claims.
Teachers Will Receive
BOARD ADOPTS
THE TAX BUDGET
Commandor the Famous Son of Domino, Captures the Belmont Stakes
From The Parader in Very Clever Fashion---Past Performances of James
R; Keene's Great Horse Stamp; Him as Being a Promising Animal
DEEMED THE BEST THREE-YEAR-OLD
HORSE NOW ON THE AMERICAN TURF
Favorites Have a Fair Day—The California Jockey
Club Announces That the Racing Season Will
Close on June 15— Nine Books Cut In Yesterday
HOMAGE AT 8-1 SURPRISES THE
TALENT AT THE OAKLAND TRACK
GRASS VALLEY
HAS AN INNING
Opening of the Defense
in the Big Mining
Attorneys Garber and Moore
V Find. No Vein in the
: //Pennsylvania.
Attorneys' John Garber and Moora
opened their side of the case yesterday In
the United States Circuit Court on behalf
of the Grass Valley Exploration Com
pany. The whole of the forenoon was oc
cupied In putting in the exhibits, consist
ing maps, diagrams, photographs,
specimens of ore and rock and papier
mache models of the underground works
ot the "Pennsylvania Consolidated Mining
Company and of the Work Your Own Dig
gins Quartz Mining Company.
Before .introducing his exhibits Mr.
Mooro stated that he proposed to prove
by engineers and geologists that several
veins apexed within the surface lines of
the Pennsylvania, tfiat they pinched out
a short distance telow the surface and
that the mine was working on several
broken veins underground that had no re
lation to the ore bodies worked by the
Work Your Own Diggings people under
ground and within the surface lines of the
Pennsylvania. •
Mark B. Kerr, a mining engineer, was
the first witness for. the Grass Valley
Exploration Compaoy. He illustrated by
the maps, diagrams and photographs hi.-*
theory that the veins within the surface
lines- of the Pennsylvania mine ran in
different directions and even intersected
cue another, thus showing that they wers
not one and the same, and that there was
no true ledge in the Pennsylvania.
HTJBBARD DENIES THAT
HE REQUESTED . A FAVOR
Very Thick "With Bsceiver McKenzia
and Judge Noyes and Knows
Nothing Wrong. • .
The deposition' of O. P. Hubbard of
Nome, Alaska, was taken yesterday by
United States Court Commissioner Hea
cock. Mr. Hubbard was a member of the
firm of Hubbard. Beeman & Hume, arriv
ing in Nome in July. 1900. He went to
that city with Judge Noyes, Alexander
McKenzie and the remainder of the court
outfit. -
He testified that while in New York
city, before going to Nome, he had acted
aa attorney for McKenzie and had as
sisted him in forming a mining comrjany
for operating mining properties in Nome.
He denied that he had requested Judge
Noves to appoint McKenzie as receiver
in the mines in litigation, and he could
not remember any incidents which could
be connected with the contempt proceed
ings. -
4
Me ¦^Ay^yHA^ClScbr':;CAL r L > ::»TUESpAY,-;-aijJTE ;-4,:,;i901;.
THE CALL'S RACING FORM CHART
McCONNELLSVIIjLE, Ohio, June 3.—
Firebugs • tried to burn this town last
night by' starting several fires in the busi
ness ' district. - -Several, -buildings were
burned and the loss is heavy, with no in
surance. . , ¦
¦Incendiaries Start Several Fires.*
started training: at the Terminal yester
day : fbr his twenty-round bout -¦ with
Tim Callahan, which is to be brought off
before . the Twentieth Century Club in
Mechanics' Pavilion on the 28th of this
month. Callahan has accepted the match
and will start immediately for this city.
The men will box at 126 pounds.
The San Francisco Athletic Club has se
cured three good matches for its open air
exhibition, which is to be held at Six
teenth and Folsom. streets on the after
neon of July 4. Managers Greggrains and
Homan have been negotiating with the
leading' fighters of the country and have
matched the best to be had.
Jack Moffatt of Chicago and George
Gardner are to battle for the middle
weight championship- of the world; Jack
Root and "Kid" Carter, who are now in
the light-heavyweight class, are to box
twenty rounds and the opening event will
either 'be ' presented by ; Al Neill and
Charle Thurston or Little Snailharn and
4i Slatp" Welsh. .
On Thursday evening next the Hayes
Valley Athletic Club will give its second
fistic exhibition in the annex of the Me
chanics' •, Pavilion. The following card
will be presented:
McCor.nell vs. Warren, 122 pounds; Nealvs.
McLaughlin, - 107 pounds; ' Sullivan .vs. Moran,
130. pounds; Drfscoll vs. Hanlon. 105 pounds;
Bennett vs. Mahoney, 110 pounds; EHis vs.
E^-erett, 130 Dounds : Bowers vs. Schilling, " 150
pounds; WolfC vs.' Wllkins, 135 pounds.' . . '.
The bouts will be- four rounds each. The
men will be examined by a physician and
if found to be in poor physical condition
wiil not be allowed to enter the ring. '
HEGABTT IS MA1TCHTST)
TO BOX TIM CALLAHAII
Australian Champion to Try Conclur
sions With Eastern Pugilist Be- I
. - fore Meeting" McCrovern.
iTim Hegarty, the Australian champion.
W
ADVERTISEHENTS. \
No one needs to be told to try to cure
t cough. But any . one will be glad to
be told of a means of cure which will
be thorough and lasting. Dr. Pierce's
Golden Medical Discovery is • a medi-
cine -which can be ', confidently relied
on to cure diseases of the organs of
respiration. It cures obstinate, deep-
seated coughs, bronchitis and bleeding
of the lungs. It cures when nothing
else will cure, and the local physician
says : "There is nothing more that we
can do."
There is no alcohol in tt Golden Med-
ical Discovery," and it is absolutely free
from opium, cocaine and all other nar-
cotics. . . . . ...
The dealer, Jempted by the little more
profit paid by .ess meritorious medicines,
will sometimes try and' sell a substitute
when the « Discovery " is asked for. , No
substitute medicine will -satisfy the sick
like « Golden Medical Discovery." It
always helps. It almost always cures. .
¦ "Two years ago a severe cough started on nie
and I was also bothered with catarrh," writes
Mr. P. Skjod, of Danewood, Chisago Co., Minn.
"I could not sleep nights, aa the cough was
worse at night. I tried several congh medi-
cines, but to no arail, until a year ago, when I *
got so bad I could not breathe through my nose
at times. I then tried Dr. Pierce's Golden Med-
ical Discovery. After taking eight bottles of
Dr. Pierce's Golden Medical -Discovery, and at
the same time using Dr. Sage's Catarrh Remedy,
I am a well man. . I can thank Dr. Pierce for my
: good health,' and will recommend his medicines-
to any one suffering from the same trouble." .
: Dr. Pierce's Pleasant Pellets cure con-
stipaxion. ¦
i * - "ftbA^'BsfesEsWHBs^M..
¦
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
Cleveland
Bicycles
$35and$40
Racers $50
LEAVITT & BILL
¦ SAN FRANCISCO
OAKLAND
SAN JOSE
DH.MEYEBS&CO. £0&±
Specialists. Dls-
ease and Weakness isgK ? *
of men. Estab- jF^kT **GtL^3&
lished 1881- Consul- llVc *1&M »W
tatlon and private '^a ¦ ¦ T I
book free, at omca K*t '^"S^J
or by mall. Curea i%%d5iJ'2i#
guaranteed. 731 fxfe^EJfi&'^K
Market street (ele- A. "^J&St?- 3>
vator entrance>. ><ft\J
Ban Francisco. Y^ y^S"^
• visit DR. JORDAN'S great4
Museum of anatomy J
• SSan 2- sea^. poal " 1 ' e| y «¦»•¦» by the oldest f
». !>pecu " stontheC «» st Est- 36 years. O
4 flS£i DR - JORDAN-DISEASES OF MEN 4
A I^^I Consultation free and strictly priratE. \
S It II S ¦ rontn * """ m eTer 7 case undertaken. Y
I I* // IW w "t« for Boole. PHILOSOPHY of >
W it II »*»BMSE. MAILED FREE, t XW
Add' »»»«»We book tor men) ' A \
Z BB.JOB0AS* CO.. 1051 Market St.S F 9
After the F'ire !
I^^LADD'S GUN STORE
Reopened at old number, 421 Kearny
street. Goods slightly damaged by water
and flr* to be sold for thirty days at
Great Reduction. FISHING TACKLE and t
' SPORTING GOODS of every description. *
All new goods at- special discount during -
sale. Highest cash price paid for raw
Furs. Send 3 cents for postage" of 103-
page illustrated catalogue.
DR. HALL'S BEIN VIGOR AT0BWTO1
Five hundred reward for any kjl^wHi
case ive cannot cure. This secret |PHB Hftjjg
remedy stops all losses la 21 hours, j fy
curea Emissions. Impotency, Vari- fm&k BSm
cocele. Gonorrhea. Gleet. Fits, f9r\ JWl
Strictures. Lost Manhood and all UjIJ LUJJ
wasting effects of self-abuse or • Hi p|M
excesses. Sent sealed. $3 bottle; 3 KBBtaSlSsl
bottles, $3. guaranteed to cure any case. Ad-
dress HALL'S MEDICAL INSTITUTE. &S
Broadway, Oakland, Ca!. Also for sale at 1073Vi
Market st. S. F. . All private diseases quickly
cured. _ Send for free book.
4tfj^^^^ m^^M remedj for Uonorrhaa,
CCKE!>^PJ Ole«t, Spermatoi-rhaa.
#*jy la 1 to5d»T«.^B whiter, unnatural dij-
nSf OatrmtoKi V charge , or any in2*cnma-
H.*»J oot t» itrUtare. tion. i ritatioa or ulcera-
PJ3 Pwrenta eoatmciea. tion >l m u c o u i mem-
BV»VKSEvmCHEWC>lCo. braae*. Jfon-astringent.
igPS&OINOIMNATI.O.PSH 8<t\& by Drat^Utk:,
V.B.X. i«at in plain wmp^r,
fTirli by express, prepaid, iot
&•<». or aTwttle's; V.:*.
¦ "-nlut sent oa request.
'\vr M r>i>riTS ' h ..tf
Weak Men and Women
gHOUpx-SE DAMIANA BITTERS. THE
, e - Tlcan remedy; gives health and
strength to sexual organa. Depot. 323 Market.
P R FT nnil If Comer Fourth, and
bArt nulfl
t Will U liU I IIW Steam and La^-r.
\ ¦ ;» . ¦,. ./.. w - 5c. Overcoats and
• > ... ' ' valises checked fire*.
Night Shirts
Did you ever know that one should exercise as'much'-'care'in-'se-^
lecting a night shirt as when buying a~!'day shirt"? -We have a lint ;
;of night that suits, those'who. discriminate. -
• ';.;^'; v A*particularlyV good ; value ''is^a'-;Hne:at/sbc.Vmade^of'NJ-^. : ''M'in
muslin, or Pepperill twill.^plain 'or trimmed with washisilk embroid- '*
ery; "'they, are -double -sewed and -full size, in --length 'and width.- >
Of course we have night shirts at much' higher prices; but we don't
i- ,want you to think "lesV of the four-bit shirts.) ,. f ' . %;
' Out-of-iown orders fitted — write r us.
' •.. . v 718 Market Street. • / •-Participating in Riot
; of Friday. ; -V' '¦'• '^V?'
The Forty-fifth Volunteer Infantry w*a
Two Privates Arrested; for
Soldiers Sneak From the
Presidio to Evade
• Police..':
FORTY-FIFTH
MUSTERED OUT
5
THE SAN FB ANOISJDO : CALIj; 4^1901.
Rev. S. E. Wishard delivered. an address
on "Mormonlsm". before the Presbyterian
ministers' meeting and Rev. - D. - N. N.
Gillies of Ukiah spoke on; "Divine Mode
of Instruction" before the same ' bodv. • .-¦¦_
While believing" in our hearts that for the
Government to go out of the. liquor business
must exert a salutary moral influence, and
believing that to remove' the , temptation to
drink from the soldiers must be. beneficial, yet
from the conflicting testimony gathered we
cannot at this brief period from the date of
closing the canteen, and with our limited op
portunity to gather the real facts, give an ln^
fallible prophecy as to what the ultimate re
sult at the Presidio will be; but we submit
to you and to the world 'the above testimony
and statements of facts as we now -find (.hem.
Rev. , "William - Woodward j Dr.
Gordon's book on "A New'Kporlh , "Kor 1
Faith,"' and ageneral discussion' followed.'
¦¦¦ A' nominating committee '.composed of
'Rev. E. P. Dennett'and Rev. Hugo Ccpe
land was appointed. •¦ . :
Dr. Taft addressed the Baptist Min
isters' Union on "Theistic' Evolution."* •
Tenth— The united testimony of 'the " army
officers interviewed is to the effect that clos
ing the canteen was an unwise ; thing and det
rimental to the morals of the soldiers. ' The
testimony of the private soldiers, generally,
was that the effect of. closing the canteen had
been bad. We are not. in a position- to under
stand this testimony, neither are we compe
tent to deny it, nor to affirm it., s' ¦
Believe It "Was Unwise."
Ninth— We flnd -that more public notice :is
given to the drinking and boisterous . conduct
of the soldiers now than; when the canteen
was open. Inside, their conduct is hidden
from the police and -public eye; if a soldier
was drunk and boisterous from drinking in
the canteen he was • taken away to his quar
ters and the facts were . known only to army
men. officers and privates, but his misconduct
outside puts him into .the. hands of the city
police, and the facts through 'the dally pa
pers are published to the world. '
Eighth— But it is also a well-known fact
that the soldiers went downtown nights in
great "numbers while the canteen was open
and that they were ] often' drunk and boister
ous.' ¦ . - * ¦ . , • ¦ .*..
Sixth— The post exchange at /the -Presidio is
stJU in' existence, minus 'the liquors, and It Is
conducted by a .Christian young man.' 'It is a
cleaner, more quiet place and largely visited.
Seventh— The testimony . of the police and
army officers is that more of the soldiers go
downtown nights than while the canteen was
open; that when they come home from, down
town they are | often intoxicated j and boister
ous. - ¦¦: , ¦ .. - • . .» -•¦
Fourth— The licenses -of those saloon-keepers -i
who are now doing business there will ex
pire not later than the month, of July next,
and the ' Police Commission has . notified the
proprietors that it Is their purpose to refuse
any further license to sell liquor in ¦ that , lo
cality. . As ~ fast as the present licenses ex
pire the saloons are being, closed. . . -
Fifth— The testimony of the police,'watch
men and i residents ia \that . there \ is . not- ' now
any more drinking or disturbance outside the '
gates, ' in the - neighborhood.- of these' saloons,
than there was while the canteen was open
Inside.. ¦ '. ' ¦" ' ' •--'*--¦-,•¦' • ,
Closing the Saloons.
Third— There are now but five retail liquor
saloons doing business In the aforesaid local
ity and two places where liquor Is sold' by the
quart of more, but ' not drunk ; on the prem
ises. • ¦ " •' ' - ¦- * ¦¦-; ¦ .... ¦ ',.-
. Second— There ! have been ¦ no • new S saloons
opened outside since, the . canteen " inside was
closed, nor has there been one . new I saloon
opened ' there within the past' twelve months. . J
We have given this ' matter a thorough per
sonal investigation and have interviewed many
people, and flnd the- following: facts, ¦ viz.: . .-
First— There were sixteen retail' liquor sa
loons Just outside j the main entrance gate of
the Presidio ; when the canteen.was closed.".
. We, your commltteo,- appointed to investigate
the . truthfulness of the statements published
by the ; Associated Press to the effect that the
number of saloons had Increased; and drinking
•and rioting: were more common since the clos
ing ol the -post exchange or army canteen at
the Presidio, in San Francisco; and that the
closing. of said canteen had proven detrimental
to the morals of the soldiers Btationed there,
would report as follows:-:.;. J ¦; . v ¦ ¦ .„
The following report submitted by.. a
committee composed of Rev. - A/ C. Bane,
Rev.' II. P.- Brlggs and Rev. F.'K. liaker
was' read at the weekly meetineof the
Methodist' Episcopal ¦ ministers yesterday
and was heartily, indorsed: V j.- •¦-. ¦.
Ministers Hold \ Its Olos-
• .' ing. Benefits the
/:'.. ; SoldieW v. .
Methodist Preachera Inyesti
: , v' "gate .. Drinking • at the
. 'Presidio.
ARMY CANTEEN
IN DISFAVOR
BRITISH BARK ARTISAN IS TOTALLY
WRECKED ON THE AUSTRALIAN COAST
Driven Ashore While on Her Way From Manila to: Newcastle, to Load for
San Francisco-Captain Blames the Cowardice of His Filipino Crew
for the Disaster— General MacArthur Tried to Buy Bark for Coal Hulk
NEW YORK— Arrived June ' 3— Stmr Ikbal
and Cevlc, from Liverpool.
Steamer Movements.
TO ARRIVE.
TO SAIL.
FROM SEATTLE.
Sun, .Moon and Tide
United States Coast and Geodetic - Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to Ban
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent. »
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the. city front (Mission-street wharf) . about
twenty-flve minutes later than at Fort Point:
the height of tide is the same at both places.
NOTE— In the ' above exposition ¦ of the tide*
the early morning tides are given In ¦ the left
hand column and the I successive tides of the
day ¦ In ! the order of occurrence as to time of
day; the third time column gives the last tide
of the day, except 'when . there are but ¦ three
tides, as sometimes occurs. The . heights 'given
are in addition to the soundings on the United
States Coast Survey • charts, except when a
minus (— ) sign precedes the • height, . and then
the number given- Is subtracted from the depth
given by the charts. - The plane of reference Is
the mean of the lower low waters. ': •
¦ ¦' ' - '¦'¦- '. ;,- — ¦— ? — -. — "
Time Ball.
Branch HydrogTaphle " Office, TJ. S. N. Mer
chants' j Exchange, ¦ San Francisco . Cal
' June 3. 190L ' - :
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day—
i.e., at noon of the 120th meridian, or at 8
o'clock p. m., Greenwich time. . - " »'
. . ' J". ,C. BURNETT,/
: Lieutenant. IT. S. N.. : retired. In charge. -
to arrival: the Howth. wheat at Tacoma for
Kurope, 30s 3d, prior to arrival; the Hesper.
lumber at Eureka for Shanghai. 79s, prior to
arrival; the Nokomis, - lumber at Gamble for*
Honolulu: the \V. H. pimond. R. P. Rlthet
and the Helens, merchandise here for . Hono
lulu: the Falls of Clyd*. merchandise for Hilo;
the H. Hackf eld. . wheat at Portland for Eu
rope, 4*s, prior to arrival: the Nunau, sugar
from Hawaiian Islands to Delaware Break-
Cargo on the Leelanaw. .'
The etc&jner Leelanaw cleared yesterday for I
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
The Elizabeth Nicholson 1 will* load lumber at
Blakclpy for Shanghai (owners account) prior
if ot a ducking yesterday. As the vessel
was passing up the bay he got over the
side to pass the "ship's report" to the
Merchants' Exchange reporter. As he
was reaching out the rope he was hold-
Ing on to slackened away and he fell into
the bay. Luckily he retained his hold on
the rope and was hauled' aboard again.
The Leelanaw got away for Panama
yesterday. By working night and day her
Inward cargo was discharged and the
New York cargo put aboard inside of five
days. •- ' ..
The name of the steamer Queen of the
Yukon, built here three years ago for the
Klondike trade, has been changed to
Dimond, and she will run on the creek
route In future.
The new boilers for the steamship Ala
meda were loaded- on a Santa Fe barge
yesterday and taken to the Risdon Iron
Works.
John Porter of P. Iredale & Co. of Liv
erpool was on 'Change yesterday. His firm
is one of the largest shipowners in the
world. From here Mr. Porter^ goes to
Canada. ¦ ,,,
Captain Parker takes out the collier
Progreso. vice Captain Monroe, who took
out the Leelanaw yesterday. r '. . , '^ )
Water Front Notes.
Th« first mate of the. steamer Westport
The Carrie and Annie, recently pur
chased by ths Foreign Missionary i So
ciety of America, was to have sailed for
the Carolines yesterday, but did not- get
away. Some of the cargo that will have
to come out at the first stopping place
was stowed in the bottom of the ship
bo the schooner had to be practically dis
charged and restowed. From, here the
Carrie and Annie will go to Honolulu
and thence to the Carolines and Mar
quesas. A small gasoline launch for the
use of the missionaries will be taken
along on the schooner's deck.
Gospel Schooner Delayed.
& half days from Honolulu; barkentine
Joseph L. Eviston, fourteen days from
Kahului; bark Edward May, nineteen and
a. half days from Honolulu, and the
schooner O. M. Kellogg, twenty-six days
from Hana, all made port yesterday. Salt
urday night and Sunday the fleet caught
the same gale in which the Falls of
Clyde suffered and the Edward May had
her bulwarks stove.
There was some rivalry between the C.
D. • Bryant and Edward May on the run
up. . In the storm on Sunday the May
had to be hove to and that enabled the
Bryant to creep up and get in first, thus
beating her rival by twenty-four hours.
More Sugar Boats Arrive.
The bark C. D. Bryant, eighteen and
Making a Long Voyage.
The ship Henry B. Hyde is making a
long passage from Baltimore to San
Francisco. She is now out 145 days arid
seafaring men are wondering if she is
not disabled. On January 30 last a full
rigged American ship was sighted in lati
tude 35 degrees 40 minutes north, longi
tude 56 degrees 40 minutes west with her
jibboom and her fore and main topgal
lant masts gone. On January 11 the
Hyde passed Cape Henry, and the place
where the disabled ship was ¦ spoken
would be about her location on January
30. The chances are that Captain Me-
Leod is coming along carefully under a
jury rig if the ship should prove to have
been partially dismasted. . •
p-np^ HE owners of the British bark
J Artisan are now sorry they did not
I f>ell her to Uncle Sam. Had they
lL done so they would now be about
$25,000 ahead and the vessel would
now be serving- as a. coal hulk In Manila
Bay instead of being piled up on the
beach near Cape Patterson, Australia.
The Artisan left Newcastle, Australia,
last November for the Philippines with
a load of coal. The run over was made
in eood time and before the cargo was
discharged General MacArthur offered^to
buy "the vessel. The coal was for the
warships and there was no place to store
it until required. The bark was twenty
years old but sound, so the offer of £4500
was considered a fair one. Captain Har
dy submitted it to its owners, but they
took so Ion? in making up their minds
that he decided to go back to Australia
in ballast and lead coal for San Fran
cisco.
After the start was made all went well
until the Australian coast was reached.
Then a storm came up and seven of the
crew got so frightened that nothing could
be grot out of them, and on them Captain
Hardy lays the blame for the loss of his
fihip. While the Artisan lay in Manila
Bay nearly all the sailors deserted and
the captain was forced to fill their places
with two Chileans and seven Filipinos.
Of the latter .he speaks with undisguised
ccntempt and says that through the long
nfght of peril before the ship was wrecked
they were too frightened to move, and not
even the entreaties of Mrs. Hardy, -who
went amons them with hot coffee, could
get them to leave their hiding places. The
Artisan was cast almost high and dry
on the beach and the crew was able to
walk ashore on a plank.
The Artisan was built at St. Johns. New
Brunswick, in 1SS1, and was owned by \V.
Thomson &. Co. She was 10S3 tons net
burden. -1S3 feet 6 inches long, 37 feet 7
inches beam and 22 feet 4 inches deep.
Panama with merchandi5e for New York valued
at $91,112, and for Hamburg, $1060. The cargo
included the following:
For New York— 400 bales" wool. 99 ska corks,
212 sks. 8 pkgs shells, l'JS eks horns, 134,075 gals.
9 cs wine, 63 pkgs household goods. 3 crs bicy
cles. 18 bales. rope. 34.D03 lbs dry hides, 578 bbls
asphaltum, 4 bales aklns, 46 gals brandy, 37
bales old rubber, 135 balss rags, 2 pkgs machin
ery, 5 bales old brass, 150,282 ft lumber.
For Hamburg— 50 cs canned fruits. 20 cs
canned salmon, 6 sks herns, 140 bbls asphaltum.
Notice to Mariners.
COLUMBIA RIVER. OREGON AND WASH
INGTON".
Notice is hereby given that on May 30, 1901,
the La£u post light was carried away by
the present freshet, and the lifrht extinguished.
The beacon will be reJriven and the light re
established* as soon as the stage of water will
permit.
The foregoing- affects the List of Lights and
Fog Slg-nals, Pacific Coast. 1901. page 28. No.
144; also the List of Beacons and Buoys, Pa
cific Coast, 19C1, page 57.
DEER ISLAND POST LIGHT.
On or about June 15. 1901, or as soon there
after as the stage of v.-ater will permit, a red
light will be establishc<l on the end of the re
vertment at Deer Island, Columbia River,
Oregon.
By order of the Lighthouse Board.
W. P. DAY, Ocmmander. U. S. N.,
Lighthouse Inspector.
Office of Inspector Thirteenth Lighthouse
District, Portland, Or.. June 1. 1901,
- . ?
Shipping Intelligence.
»,';: . arrived.
-. Monday. June 3.
Strnr San Pedro, Jansen, 4S hours from San
Pedro.
Stmr Santa Barbara, Zaddart, 60 hours from
Grays Harbor; bound for San Pedro; put In
to land passengers.
Stmr Coqullle River, Jahnsen, 49 hours from
San Pedro. v
Stmr Westport, Erickson, 19 hours from Bear
Harbor.
Stmr Robert Dollar. Ellefsen, days from
Seattle, via Port Hadlock.
Stmr Noyo, Johnson, 22 hours from Eureka.
Br stmr Victoria, Blakey, 96 hours from Oys
ter Harbor.
Barge Santa Paula, McGovern, 36 hours from
Ventura, In tow of tuir Rescue.
Baric Edward May, Hansen, 19?i days from
Honolulu.
Bark C D Bryant, Colly, 1SH days from
Honolulu.
Bktn S N Castle, Nillson, IV days from Hono
lulu.
Bktn J L. Evlston, Ramsellus, 11 days from
Kahului. ¦ - .-
Schr O M Kellogg, Iveraen, 26 days from
Hana.
Schr Repeat, Olsen. B2 hours from Coos Bay.
CLEARED.
Monday, June 3.
Stmr Bonlta, Konander. San Pedro; Goodall,
Perkins & Co.
Stmr Leelanaw, Monroe. Panama: Panama
SS Line.
SAILED.
Monday, June 3.
Stmr Leelanaw, Monroe, Panama.
Stmr Whitesboro. Olsen, Greenwood.
Stmr Cressent City. Payne, Crescent City.
Stmr Rival. ¦ Johnson, VVillapa Harbor.
Stmr Proereso, Parker. Tacoma.
Stmr Santa Cruz. Nicolson, Port Harford.
Stmr Aloha, Wehman, .
MISCELLANEOUS.
Per bark Edward May— June 2. 150 miles NW
of Point Reyes, experienced heavy NW Kale,
with high confused sea, sea filling: decks to
rail and carrying away • portion of starboard
and port bulwarks.
SPOKEN.
Per bktn J L Evlston— May 31. lat 37 30 N,
Ion 131 62 W, echr Stimson, from Redondo,
for Ballard.
May 9, lat 11 S, Ion 33 "W— Br ship Falkland,
from Seattle, for Queenstown. ¦ - .
May 19. lat 7 N. Ion 21 W— Br ship Silber
horn, hence Feb 27, for Queenstown.
May 29. lat 39 N, ¦ Ion 13 W— Br bark Glen
calrd, from Shields, for San Francisco. .
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, June. '.3, JO- p m— Weather
hazy; wind NW, velocity 36 "miles.
DOMESTIC
TACOMA— Sailed June *4— Ship Florence, for
Honolulu. June 3— Bktn 'Northwest, for San
Francisco: shiD Florence, "for Honolulu; stmr
Dlrlgo, for Dyea; U S stmr Warren, for Ma
nila, via Seattle.
Arrived June 3— Br ship Howth, from Hlo
eo; Br stmr Condor, from Vancouver.
SEATTLE— Sailed Jun« .2— Strar Al-Ki, for
Dyea; stmr Humboldt, for Nome; stmr Vic
torian, for Dyea; Jap stmr ldzumi Maru, for
China.
Arrived June 3— Stmr John S Kimball. hence
May 20. • • . - ' • •¦ • - '
VENTURA— Arrived June 3— Stmr Geo Loo
mis, hence June 2, and sailed June 3 for San
Francisco.
SAN DIEGO— Arrived June 3— Schr" Bertha
Dolbeer. from Eureka. . ,
NEAH BAY— Passed In j June 2-^Schr Com
peer, from New What com, for Port Clarence;
U S stmr Manning, hence May 21; stmr Cen
tennial returned in, . landed six stowaways and
sailed at 1 p m for Nome.
PORT GAMBLE— Sailed June 2— Schr r AnnIe
M Campbell, for Honolulu.. . .. '. • -
Arrived June 3— Schr Nokomls, from Santa
Rosalia. ¦ ••*
PORT LOS ANGELES— Arrived- June 3—
Stmrs Mineola and San Mateo, from Nanalmo.
FORT BHAGG— Arrived Juns 3— Stmr Se
quoia, hence June 3. ' .
PORT TOWNSEND— Passed In June 3— Stmr
John S Kimball. hence May 30. \ ; - ' . ¦
Arrived June 3 — Ger ship Louise,' from Yoko
hama; Br bark Claverdon. from ' Yokohama;
schr Philippine, from Honolulu; schr Corona,
from San Dieco. - ¦ -•-*."•'."'
FOREIGN PORTS. '. ' '.
CIVITA \T5CCHI A— Arrived May 29— Dutch
stmr ¦ Wilhelmina, from Oregon. - *
BE ACHY. HE AD- Passed June 1— Br ship
Centecima. from Tacoma, for Antwerp.
ANTWERP— Sailed May 31— Ger stmr Hen
rlette. for San Francisco. , • r - . . _..
LAS PA LMAS— Sailed May 23— Ger stmr
Neko, for San Francisco. .' .. '
PORT ARTHUR— Arrived May 11— Nor, stmr
Universe, from" Oregon. •
QUEENSTOWN— Arrived June 1— Br ship
Crown of Scotland. h«nce Jan 30. < ¦ -,
RIO DE JANEIRO— Arrived May 6— Stmr
Asuncion, from .Baltimore, for San Francisco.
¦ TENERIFFE-^PaPSSd June 1— Ger stmr Tot
mes, hence March 2, for Hamburg. . . '
OCEAN STEAMERS.
PERIM— Arrived June 2— Stmr Past Merune,
from Seattle, via Nagasaki. : etc, > for .
KUCHINOBU— Arrived May 27— Stmr Berg-*
enhuus, from San Francisco, via San Diego,
etc. - - . "¦' - -¦•'• . ' ••;• .".':' 1.
GLASGOW- Arrived June . 3— Stmr State of
Nebraska, from New York: stmr. Tritonla,
from Montreal. . "..
Sailed June 1— Stmr Castalla. for Montreal.
BREMEN— Arrived June 3— Stmr Nekar,:from
New York. • ... • .- v. ¦ , • -,-¦
SOUTHAMPTON— Arrived June 3— Stmr Kai
per Wllhelm der Grorse. from New York, via
Cherboi: it.', for 'Bremen. "¦
- . ¦' . ¦ ¦ : '¦>'/"• C ' 'i'
BRITISH BARK ARTISAN DRIVEN ON THE BEACH NEAR CAPE PATTERSON. AUSTRALIA. WHILE SHE WAS
JJC MANILA BAY GENERAL MacAETHUR TRIED TO BUY HER, BUT THE NEGOTIATIONS FELL
THROUGH AND SHE SAILED IN BALLAST FOR NEWCASTLE.
SANTA ROSA, Jjune 3.— William H.
Daniels.' the 12-year-old son of W. M. Dan
iels of Alpine Valley, was killed yesterday
by a,fallfrom a tree. . . ' ; .
mustered out of the service of Uncle Sam
yesterday, at the Presidio. : There arc now
no 'volunteers , encamped .on the reserva
tion,'-but preparations are being made for
the reception of the ten regiments now en
route from Manila. ,." . - .
• The' mustering put of the Forty-fifth
was /accomplished quietly. ¦ notwithstand
ing the threats made by the men to clean
out the neighborhood. . Unlike the men
of* the other regiments mustered out here,
they slunk out of the reservation through
every means of ' exit but the main gate.
They were. fearful that the police officers
on. duty near the gate would, serve war
rants- callingfor their arrest , for partici
pating in the riot of Friday, night. ,
- .Three arrests, were made; however, of
soldiers positively identified 'by the pro
prietors of the 5 saloons attacked by the
mob. The warrants were ' served by Ser
geant Kills and called . for . the - arrest of
Privates Spray and Pingston. One of the
soldiers .was caught at Hyde and Union
streets .and the other .was nabbed as he
attempted to leave' the reservation. Eight
other warrants are in the - hands of the
police. They call for the arrest of Ser
geant Oryis and Privates Davis, Johnson,
Howard, Verra, Ryley, Viner and Greg
ory." ~ ; ftJTis^.*
OflBcers were, stationed at theferry un
der orders to arrest the soldiers . If they
attempted to leave the city. - *
Troops H and I, Fifteenth Cavalry, left
the Presidio yesterday morning far the
Yoaemite,. where they -will perform patrol
duty during the- summer .months. . There
were 179 enlisted men In the . command
and ! the following 1 named officers: : . ¦ - .
, , Major Louis A. • Craig, Captain Lincoln
C. Andrews, Lieutenant Charles T. Boyd,
Lieutenant Charles T. ¦¦ McMullen, - Lieu
tenant William -S. Barriger. and Drs. H.
S. Kiersted and "W. H. Brooke. -
•Saloonkeepers Rehfeld, Borel and
Weinhold, who' were arrested Sunday on
a charge of selling liquor without a li
cense and released on bail, were locked
up again yesterday for committing the
same offense. -".'¦.' • • -.- ,,
Steamer.
Destination.
I Sails.
Pier.
June 4. "•
>»oyo Humboldt i
3onita Newport
June S.
s'orth Fork... Humboldt
-zarlna Seattle & Tacotna.
3race Dollar. Grays Harbor
Sureka Humboldt
Jmatilla IPuget Sounds Ports
Jucen San Dlej,'o
Jane 0.
-lty Peking.. China and Japan...
lobt. Dollar. Seattle & Hadlock.
June 7. ¦
Seattle & Everett..
Curacao Mexican Ports ....
3. YV. Elder.. Astoria & Portland
3 alena...,... % Valparaiso & Way.
Handalay Coqullle River
txcata Coos Bay ...".
Jane 8.
?ity Sydney.. Panama & Way..
Sealandia Honolulu
Corona Newport
Point Arena.. Point Arena
3mpire..i Coos Bay
June 9.
Santa Rosa... San Diego
Jane 1O. |
Puebla Puget Sound Ports'
5 pm Pier 2
9 am Pier 11
9 'am Pier 2
5 pm Pier S
5 pm Pier 2
9 am Pier 13
11 am Pier 9
8 am Pier 11
1 pm PMSS
— pm Pier 2
5 pm Pier 2
10 am Pier 11
11 am Pier 24
12 m Pier 34
:¦> r>m Pier 3
12 m Pier 13
12 m PMSS
2 pm Pier 1
9 am Pier 11
2 pm Pier 2
10 am Pier 13
9 am Pier'll
11 am Pier 9
Steamer.
Destination.
Sails.
Concmaugh.:.. Nome via. St. Michael. June 4
State of Cal — Skaguay & Way Ports. June 5
South Portland Nome. Teller & Topkuk June 5
E. Thompson... Nome & St. Michael... June 5
Dolphin Skaguay & WayPorts. June 6
Farallon Skagaay & Way Ports.. June 7
City of Seattle. Skaguay & Way Ports.. June 8
Cottage City... Skaguay & Way Ports. June 9
St. Paul. Nome & St. Michael.... June- 8
Bertha Valdez. Kodlak & Way
Ports — June 9
u
iUn rises
!un sets
¦loon rises..
.........4:47
7:28
.9:14 p. m.
Time I Time
Date Ft.
b W H "VV
TZ. 6:43 -0.6 2:10
H W L W
E ... Q;16 6.6 7:24
6 ... 1:00 B.S 8:02
7 ... 1:55 5.0 8:48
8 .:. .3:00 4.7 9:36
9 ... 4:16 4.3 10:29
10 .. 5:43 4.0| 11:26
Time
Ft.
Li W
4.7 6:23
H W
—0.5 2:49
—0.2 3:27
0.0 4:09
0.5 ¦ 4M9
0.9 5:30
| 1.4] 6:14
Ft -
»3.2
4.8
. B.O
6.0
5.2
•5.4
I 5.6
Time I I
Ft.
H W . "
L. W
7:15 3.2
8:18 '3.1
9:25 2.9
10:38 2.4
11:46 1.8
Pears': soajp is nothing
but soap/ : fi
§$ Pure soap is as gentle as'
"oil to the living skin. • *
j Pears >; is the and
best toilet soap in all the
.world;, .
All sorts of people use it, all sorts of stores
¦ Sell it. e«n*r;a!!vrtr,,«..Ti«t<i. •
BAILWAY TltAVEL.
CALIFORWi-HORTflWESTEBB :M. CO.
-;-'-.-::,"- .-•-,'• LESSEE ' '
SAN FRANCISCO AND KORTH PACIFIC
railway company.
Tiburon Ferry; Foot of Market St>
. , San Francisco to San Rafael. ;
WEEK -DAYS— 7:30. ;9:00, 11:00 a. m.: , 12:35.
3:30, 5:10, b;30 p. m. Thursdays— Kxtra trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:50
and 11:30 p. m. ¦ - . -
SUNDAYS— 8:00. 8:80," 11:00 a. m.; 1.-J7, S:30,
¦ 5:00, 6:20 p. m. n* • -
San Rafael to San Francisco.
¦WEEK DAYS— 6:10. 7:50, »:20, 11:10 a. m.; 12:4i,
3:40,° 5:15 p. m. Saturdays— JExtra trlpa at 1:55
and 6:35 p. m." '
SUNDAYS— 8:10, 9:40, 11:10 a. m.: 1:40.- 1:40,
¦ , 6:05, 6:25 p. m. • ; •' v .
-. Leave- I In Effect I Arrive'
San Francisco. . [April 28. 1901.1 San Francisco.
Week I Sun- J , ¦'<• '-....- I Sun-, I Week
Days. I days. | Destination. I days. | Days.
7:30 am 8:00 am . Novato. : 10:40 am 8:40 am
3:30 pm 9:30 am Petaluma. 6:05 prn 10:25 am j
5:10 pm 5:00 pm Santa Kosa. 7:35 pm 6:20 pm j
Fulton. .
7:30 am . Windsor. . 10:25 am
-. . 5:00 pm Healdsburff. 10:40 am
' Lytton. . ¦ : >
I Ceyservllie. ,
3:30 pm 8:00 am Cloverdale. 7:33 pm 6:20 pm
7:30 ami 5:00 pml . Hopland : 110:40 am|10:I5 am
3:30 pm| 8:00 am | and- Ukiah.' ! 7:35 pm| 6:20 pm
7:30 ami 3 >¦ ' ¦'. • - ¦'¦.-¦¦' ¦ 10:40 am 10:25 an
- [8:00 am ;CuernevlUe. 7:33 pm ¦:%"*
S:30 pm] 6:00 pm : -f .-¦¦ - "¦ ¦ . . •_ *:20 pm
I 7:30 ami 8:00 am Sonoma'- I 9:15 am 8:40 am
- S J - and I .,.;,
5:10 pm; 5:00 pm Glen Ellen. | 6:05 pm 6:20 pm .
7:30 ami 8:00 ami .,--,; 110:40 am|10::5 am
3:30 pmf 5:00 pmf Sebastopol. | 7:35 pm| 6:20 pm
• Stag-es connect at' Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs and White Sulphur Splnrgs; at. Fulton
for. Altruria; at Lytton for Lytton . Springs; at
GeyBerville "for Skapgs Springs; at " Cloverdale
fcr the ' Geyser*: at Hopland for Duncan
Springs, Highland Springs. Kelseyville, Carls-
bad Springs, Soda Bay, Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs; at Ukiah for Vichy Springs, Saratoga
Springs, Blue Lakes,- Laurel Dell Lake, Witter
Springs,. Upper Lake. Porno. Potter Valley
John Day's, Riverside,' Lierley*s, Bucknells S
Sanhedrin Heights, Hullville. Orr'a < Hot ¦
Springs, Mendocfno City* I Fort Bragg. * West-
port, Usal, vWllllts, .Laytonville. Cummins
Bell's Springs, 1 Harris, Olsen'a, Dyer, Scotia
and Eureka. 1 . • '. ¦ ¦: ¦ > . .... .
-Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at re-
duced rates, r:',-." J— ' . .- .. tjyi»jyc
-On Sunday round trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates,
a Ticket Office, 630 Market street, Chronicle
\ . . - BuUdine. . ; ¦
h. c: whiting; ¦• . r. x. ryan.
4 Gen. Manager.,, G«n. Pass-^Agt.
Santa FeTraius-baiy
%•; Leave Market-street Ferry Depot: \
"¦; *, Local Llm'dfbvrrd Local '
: ' ' Mon.^l : .' . v , -.
.,-• ¦: -.'¦ ' . Dally Thurs.| Dally Dally i
Lv.San Fran .7:20 a 9:00 a 8:00 p 4-20 n
Ar. Stockton. 10:25 a 11:45 a U:05 p 7:25 p
.'" Merced... 12:25 p 1:17 p 1:15 a ........
" : Fresno ... 2:20 p 2:35 p 3:05a .'... . -
"i'Hanford .. 4:22 p 3:27 p 7:06 a ........:
¦¦" Visalia :.. 4:10 p 4:30 p 4:45 a
:."• f Tulare' t'.: 4:27 p 4:27 p 5:05 a ;,.;.¦'
;•• Bak'TSfleld 6:50 p 5:20 p 7:30 a ......
:*",Kans's Cy .T.T.... 2:41a 7:30 a .•..•.....-
" Chicago ..|. ....... 2:15 p 9:00p ...... . .
- a for morn ing: -p. for afternoon. ' - ¦ - '"^
9 :00 a. m. , train - ; la ; the : California ;'• Lim-
i-lted, ' carrying 'Palace - Sleeping-,- Cars -and
* Dlnlnu Cars through I to ; Chicago. 0 Chair
Car runs to Bakersfleld -for accommodation
of local • first-class - passengers. "No ; second-
class tickets I are ~ honored on • this . train.
¦ Corresponding train . arrives i at 5:55 a.', m: •
I Tuesday." and t Friday: : ¦' !i .. - .- t
;¦>: 4 :20 , p.' m. "• Is Stockton Local. Correspond-
InK train r arrives 11:05" a.- m.-- dally. :. ;.
- '8:00 p., m.- is the Overland Express,' -with"
'. through Palace ; and s Tourist . Sleepers , and
' Free ... Reclining ,-, Chair > cars ; ¦ also '; Palace
. Sleeper, which ' cuts \ out at ' Fresno."- Corre-
>pondlng . train arrives at 5:55 p..m: daily. •'.
V 7:t0 - a. . m. is Bakersfleld . Local, stopping: '
all points : in; San -Joaquin; Valley.-; Cor-'
-responding train arrives at 8:40 a. m. dally.
' >A Of flees— 641 Market ,- : street : and ¦ ! in ' Ferry r
I Depot, - San ' Francisco; - • 1112 .Broadway, \
|Oa!tland.":''' : '-*7^ T'^ 1 ,¦=:'..''.''.-.- .¦¦»¦';>.-
aDr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
629 KEABITY »X. Established
In 1834 for the treatment of Private
Diseases; LoRt Mandood. V Debility or
disease wearingon. body and mind and
Skin Diseases. The Doctor cureswlien
others > fall. iTry him. = c:harges low. :
Cnrr« traaranleed. Cal I or write.
Dr. J. XV GIBBON. Sau Francisco, Cal. • _ :
SOUTHERN PAGIFIO.
Trains l«a«« niiri nr« duo to nrrl«« ml
¦ -- ¦ NAN ritANVMCO.; .
_, , (Main Liue, Foot of Market Street.)
leave - . — . From Mat J«, 190L * — amits
¦-, 7:30a Betiida, Suisnii, Elrnira, VacaTille,
Ruruattykutl Sacramento... \7i30v
~ :S« A Dtnia, Woodland, Knights Landing, M
MMTSTille, tmnille.. 7t5.1*
7>3Oa Atlantic Kxprest— Ogdeu and East 12:23r
't>>U«A Martinei, SaulUmoii, Vallejo, Napa,
¦ ¦ ' Caliatogaaud.Siiuta Kosa... A:S3p
«:0<»a Niles, Lathrop, Stockton 7:2»r '<
»:OOa Niles, Mendota, Fresno, Han ford. - !
' ' VU»U», Porterviile... *:SSr
' SiSU a Shasta BUpress— Da»is, Williams (for
Bartlett Springs), Willows, Bed ¦
~ Blufl. Portlai.d... 7sSSp
¦ ¦3Oa Sku Joae, Llferniore. .Stockton. . .
lone, .Sacramento. Placerrille,
Mary»Tllle, Chico, lla<l IllnS 4iSSr
8:80a OakUale, Chinese (Tosemite), 8o-
nora,Carten 4:23?
8:00 a Hoy ward, Niles and Way Stations.. I 1:33a
1 Viuu a Loa 'Angeles £zv>ress — Martinez. .
- . --' Tracy, Lathrop. .Stockton, Meroed
f- - Fresno and Los Ansu!es .......... 7:23»
•iSOA ValH». Martines ami Way Stations O:S»p
IO:O»A The OterUud Limited— Of den. Den- ,
i • ..* . ver, Omaha. Chicago 6i»3r
fl:OOp Saeraineut<> Kifer .Sieniners.... IStOOA
8:3l» e Hayward, NMrs and Way HUtlons.. 7:33 p
. 4i»»r lleuiciii. Winters, Haorameulo,
- WiKiillaiid.'. KniKlita l*udlug, '••--.
- MarysTlllw. Oroflllo 10:03a
4:OOp Martinex, - Hau Ramon, Vallejo, -
Na|«i. (.'slintoKa. Mnnta Itnaa »><*5a
4i00p Niles, Livermoro, Stockton. LoiH... ~12:2Sp
I 4>it»r Htyward, Mies, Kan .lime,' Lirt rmore f S--»5a
. 4 :3«p Port Cos a, Tracy, Lathrop, Strckton I«:25a
5:OOf Tlio Owi •Limited— Ki«sijo, TuJare,
: ' . * UakersHolil. Kangus for Sauta Uat-
bara, Los Augnles.. 8:33a
, SxOOf Martin- z. Antioch, Stockton. Mer-
¦¦•-' ' c<xi, Fresno.. * It:*5p;
SsOopTojemlte... .'.......'. ****** ,
• 5s3«p New Orleans Erprew— Mendota, ' .
-'-',<,, \ ¦ Fresno, Bakersneid Los Angeles,
DmiDg, El l'aso. New Orleans
and East 7:35a
<l:OOp Tlayward, Nile* and Hau Jose • 7:35a
tttiOUt- Vallejo. : .' 1 1 :35a
- «iO»i- Oriental Mall— Ogden, Cheyenne.
. ' Omaha, Cbicoco. ................. las2.iF
8:OOr Oriental Mall— Ogden, Denier. <¦ .
¦ \ ..." Omaha, Chicago.....,..' 4:»3p :
TiOOr Oregon and California Kx|>ress,8aa-
; rRinent.;, . MaryiTllle, UeiMln«,
¦ . rortlnu.1, I'nget Mound anil Kas: S:3Sa
' tiOSrSan P*blo, Fort Costa. Msrtlaez ' ¦
and WaySUtlous.:.. 1IiS9a|
lWiOSr Yallrjn.. 7i35» i
COAST IilNB (Narrow Uaage).
(foot of Morket Street.) ' . . • > !
- )7<ai»A Santa Ctuz Excursion to rtanta Craz -
1 - and Princpal Way Stations ...... t8:O3»
¦¦-'¦ lill»A Newark. C'BntoT»il!e,.4auJose,Fi>ltnn, . ''
. ,
• Stations .......' 3>»«»
';•* ia« I Sp Newark, Ceiitetvllle. Han Jose, New
. , Almaileu, Fulton, lloulilar Creek,
- -• Santa . Crux aud 1'riuclfal Way -
" ? ¦ . Stations... ....-...: .*..... IIO..1WA-
4il3r Newark] Sau Jose, Los Gates { jiolsoi
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
r>«asi> rRkKCisco— r«t ar Muk«i sir«.t <sii ? sv— :
: -t7:15 ¦ 3:00 11:00 *.M. ¦ J:BO 3:03 B:l5r.*.
rMaOilUHB— FhI •! Siuavij.— 1«:00 te.OQ ,tS:M
10:00*. M. .12:00 .8:03 . i:00r.U.' : * " ' "
1 , COAST IilNE (Hroail Uange).
- /, (Third and Towugeud Sta.) -v.;-.". >. ::¦
v «8jIOa San Joceand Wsy station*.. ..• «i3«p :
¦"47:«Oa Han .loieamlWay Stati.ms.. ....:.' l:80»
J7:»«a Sund»y Excursion for San.Jcre. P . ¦..¦
:..: Har.ta Crux. P«ciflc'GrOT» and--
'-:' '-¦¦'¦ - riincip*l Way Stations , J8:3«p
', •;¦-:• SiOOa Hau Jose, < Tres Vinos. ' HiuiU Cruz, " ¦ ,
•• r»«:iiic tltcur. -alints. Ban LnU :>¦
v ;'., Ob'spo ami Principal intermediate - . <
'-. sum ........ ¦.'.' .'..' 4:10pj
I 1O:3Oa San Jrse and Way Stations.. ¦ 7s3op -
/I»:3ua New Alinaden.. ....'. / 5:30p
, IIiSUa Sail Joss ami Way SUtions 3iUOp
. < \*i l»p San tlateo. Iledwood, Menlo Park,' , \
- . • - - * Palo Alto. SanU Clara, Han J«ise.
Tres Plnos, 8anU»Crux. Saluias.:.
.. . .Monterey ami Vaeillo Grove...... |IO»45a'
!.{; BiSOp Han Jose aud Way Stations ........ 6:3»A
|4:13p Ban Joieand Principal Way Stations U:43a
¦ «3:00r San Jose, Lcs Gatos and Priueipal '
¦¦¦' ' Way SUtions.. .....<.. ......... ...\i«»:OO**
. ' . Si3Op San Jose aud Principal Way SUtions ; 8:35a
. «i«Or K<xJw()-h1. Kan Jo*->. Gllny, Salicaa, - •:.
Jr. r.'.-- -'•• Santa Barbara, Los Angeks 1O:O3a
* . CiOvp Del Monte, Monterey, Paaflo Grove, - ¦
>- Loapoo .......................... Hi*3t
, w ; 6:3Op San Jose and Way Stallone..;.-..... '?* s°«A
«lli43p San Jose and Way Buttons......:.; - 7:30p ;
* A for Mornin g. '•¦ ¦¦> ' *' - -* T tat A f ternoon. " -,
. t Sunday excepted. - ,. \. ¦ 1 Bonday only ¦ <•'-. .
. «SatQrdajonlj. ¦ /Tuesday* and Frldaji.
Weekly Call, $1 per Year
Ixjadlng: Business College ? of the West.
/ -¦ 24 Postfet.,; San: Francisco, Cal. si !
' «.Batabllshed*nearly:40 years.v<™T
¦: "Write ' for . 80-page , catalogue ; (free). •'
NEW ADVEETISEKENTS. '
, THE HAIR BBTJSH ¦
Breeds Dandruff, Which Causes Fall-
ing Hair and Finally Baldness: : .
'¦'. Prof. Unna, Hamburg,- Germany, Euro-'
pean authority on skin diseases, says that
dandruff is,' as contagious* as any- other
malevolent disease, j and that one common
source of the spread of dandruff is, trie use
of the, iamo hair. brush, by different per-
sons". The. way toVvoid catching rtandruft
or 'any other disease from another's brush;
is to insist on the use of Newbro's Herpi-
cide. • It not only kills the dandruff "go'rin.
but it Ms also | an antlseotic that u will pre-
vent the catching of. any. disease "whatever
through contagion' of . another's brush; :
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Wo Waste In the Kitchen
i, No waste of time or materials, for with ;
a small quantity of extract, remnants
- which by themselves would be insipid
' and useless can be made into a delicate
eoup, or savory digh. # i -^
I COMPANY'S EXTRACT I
1 - , OF BEEF for ••¦'-. •'- . I
I IMPROVED AND ECONOMIC COOKERY j
Cured While
C«?J/jr You Sleep
J^Jj^fw In Fifteen Days
"Gran-Solvent" dlssolTes Stricture like snow bs>
¦eath tbe «un. reduces i Enlarged Prostate an*
itrenctbens ther Seminal Oucts, stopping Drains ia4
Kolsslons In Fifteen Dayv ., ;
No dntg* to ruin -the stomach, bnt » direct local :
and positive application to the en tire nrethral tract
Qran-Solvenl, Is not a liquid. It ts prepared ia
tho form of Crayons or Pencils, smooth and nexlbl*
*Mi to narrow aa to pass the closest Stricture. , ; , .
* Evtry Man Should Know Himself. "
' ' n« ' St. James Assn.. Box KM. Cincinnati. O.. h«»
•repared at itreat expense an exhaust- p D P I" I
Ive^lnBtratert Treatise upon the male L U L L |
¦yrtem, which tb«ur will send to wyrnrrj
¦mle applicant. ..::,'.' V .,••¦'¦-
ST JAMFS ASSN 25 ° ELn(l STii"
31y JAMC3 A33n M CinclnnatpOhlo.
; EVERr WINEGLASSFUl-^bF^
Ba Y J * K 1
v MS-A DOSE OF
VIGOR AND HEALTH,
At I)ruggists Throughout this World.
EQfcSYSTEMIC CATARRH
Peculiar to Summer Pe-ru-na Gives
• Prompt and Permanent Relief.
Clem : G. Moore, Editor of the Advocate-Democrat of Crawfordsvllle, Qa..
¦writes. the Peruna Medicine Company as follows: ; '.
Gentlemen: "After tour years of intense suffering, caused by systemic
catarrh,' which /contracted while editing and traveling for my paper, I have
been greatly relieved by the' use of Peruna. I gava up work during these
years of torture, tried various remedies and many doctors, but all the per-
manent relief came from the use of Peruna. My trouble was called indi-
gestion, but it was catarrh a/I through my system, and a few bottles of
Peruna made' me feel like another person, noting the improvement after I
had used the first bottls. Peruna is undoubtedly the best catarrh remedy
ever compounded. "—Clem G. Moore.
Captain Percy W, Moss, Paragould. runa aa a remedy for catarrhal troubla
Ark., says: ."I think Peruna la undoubt- and a. most excellent tonic tor general
edly<the finest and surest' catarrh cure conditions."— "Wm. T. Zenor.
cver^renared and it has taken but two - If you Qo not derlve Prompt* and satls-
wiilT^il!^ 7f *w f t " factory results from the use of Penina,
bottles to convince me of this fact. , wr it e at once to I>r. JEJartntan. giving a
Judge Wm. .T. Zenor of Washington. D. full statement of your case and he will
C, writes from N. Capital street, be pleased . to give you his valuable ad-
. Washington, 15. C: • ¦ . ft ' ' '- ¦¦ vice irratis. '
"I ; take ; pleasure in saying: that I can Address Dr. Hartman. President of Tha
cheerfully , recommend the use of Pe- Hartraan Sanitarium, Columbus, Ohio. !
¦ mm ~'-^fck\ ' The first thing to do- when
dJi aEkA * ou ave ma<^ e U P > T ° ur mi ' nc * to
Jgjy Wrvy g0 cast 1S t0 as^ {^ e ne;:rest
¦ V w\ Southern Pacific ticket-agent for
LjjJfir In a o *^ er descriptive of the
T 'q Burlington
p^^ Overland I
Excursions I
jSs^ShJBm^^MI - . ' contains J us t the informa- I
tij^^fl^pWJr tlon y° u need — time-tables; a 1
Jf~, *TT—^~^ I map; illustratipns of Burlington g
[ / tourist sleeping-cars, and a de- 1
r . / ; scription of the scenery en" route. 1
I' '"'/' '¦ • /' i FromLos Angeles- Monday* and 9
iM ... - / IfTHMMBU 'W'ednesda^-5 ; San Francisco Tues- 3
M ¦-' y HlMlIlIUlilill days and Thursdays— Omaha, Chi- 3
•_ -^^ KntHMl ca "°. Kansas City, St. Louii— B
flnQBHflBBHr ISl!fiT7Tnal EVERYWHERE eak 0
JHBSB»^ 7 ESHiBaH w . D. Sanborn. GenT Agt.. 8
fT^T ••-"--•': J ./: ¦ ',¦ ' ' ¦ 6 3» Market street. San Francisco. 6 B
CALIFORNIA
LIMITED
After June. 3, and during the
. . summer, this train will run
. semi-weekly, leaving San Fran-
cisco at 9:00 a. m. Mondays
••; and Thursdays, arriving at
Chicago 2:!5 p. m. Thursdays
and Sundays.
No other train compares
with it for beauty or perfec-
! tion of service.
SANTA FE
NORTH PACIFIC COAST^ RAILROAD.
x . .¦• V -: Via- Sausalito Ferry-:'
. . CommencinK. April 23. 190L". ' > '.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO Mlli, .VAXX.ET
' • . ! .AND SAN RATAEL.
-' WEKK DATS-«:55. 8:S0.. »9:30. UM a! m.
12:45.' •! MS. 3:13. 4:15. 6:15. *«:13. «:« p. m.
•EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley an.i San
.Rafael .on Monday*. "Wednesdays, 'Saturdays
and Sundays at 9:30 and 11:40 p. m. -
- SUNDAYS— 7:00. 8:00, »9:0O, 'lO.-OO. U:00, 11-30
a. m.; 12:45.' »l:30, 2:30. •J:43. 5:00. 8:00, 7i3O
p. m. - 11:00 a. m. doe» not run to San Rafael
Sundays. " s*
Trains marked (•) run " to San Quentln.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS-»5:25. 6:27. 7:47, 8:35, 1Q:15
k. m.. *12:23. 1:15. 2:20. •3:33. 4:40, 5:30 p. m7
; EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 6:45 and 10:00 p. m. » •
SUNDAYS— 6:15. *S:00. 9:45, ni:00 a. m., 1Z
m.. 1:00.. 3:15. »S:3O, 4:30. »5: 45. 8:45, 7:30. 10:,W
p.* m. • . ' i * .•..-',
. Trains markect (•) start from San Quentin.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:45. : 6:45. -7:55.' 8:55. -10-30
a. m- 12:35. 1:43. .2:45. 3:50. 5:10. 5:20 p. m. "
i EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:35 p. m.
- SUNDAYS— 4:35. 8:00. 10:05. 11:10 a. m.. 13:15.
1:10. 2:30, 3:45. R:CO. 6:15. 7:15. 10:30 p. m.
• ' THROUGH TRAINS. -^ .- ; ¦
'6:53 a. m. -week days— Cazadero and way sta-
tions. • '' . ''.(¦
3:l5ip- m. Saturdays— Cazadero and way sta-
tions. . — .. . >~.'. M'Tiiiii ininiji'towaii
¦ 6:15' p. m. week days < Saturdays ezcepted) —
Tomales , and way stations. . . . ¦ ¦
8 a. m. Sundays— Cazadero and way stations. '
10:00, ( a. m. Sundays— Point . Reyes and way
stations.. /-:•'.: . Vi .•';' . \ .; .•.*-.'¦'....¦»
MOUNT TAMALPAI5 RAILWAY
' - Via S»o»a11«> Perry— 'o«t or Jfmrket Su ' ' j *
tKAVC m»H FMH. . * »R»IVC S«K ****.'¦
«|^ **>.. ...WEEK DAYS J fMlZ'
8H»A.M.'l> ... > . - f 12:15 p. U.
¦ 9D0A.M. . . .. ¦- 4 .. " ". ,> 1:15p.m.
10.-00 A. M. 1 -rvTllVQ V 3^0 P.M.
¦U3IJA.«.f;VV"- 8U: ' D^ Y ? -"/ 4J0p.sc .
230P.M.J -.'•-.. ' J • [ 7J0F.M.
' * ' p»re. Su f r»nd«o» to S-iaimit tad Betari. th*»
Ticket Officea. 621 Marlcet St.. & SattsaHto Ferry.
DR. dROSSMAfl'S SPECIFIC MIXTURE^
For 'the ! cure lot ', GONORRHEA. GLEETS.
STRICTURES and analogous complaints of the
Organs of GgEeration.'-«ja:*i».**J.*T>»^af^6«giBf
Price |l a, bottle.- For sale Dy druyslat*. . .THE:; SAN^^M&BC&lpAttx '.TXJESD^^UJSTE : 4, 1901-
• Group of Native "Weavers, Borneo.
DEVELOPMENT' OF THE. WEST.
V yr R. JAMES J. HILL of the Great Northern
/ V 1 aS recent ' y ma^ e an explanation of the pur
1 T 1. poses of himself and hrs colleagues in enter
ing upon the struggle for the Northern Pacific that
resulted in such a. tremendous excitement in "Wall
street. He declared emphatically: "It, is. not a fight*
between one section or city or road and another. It
is a big question of traffic development; . it. is a ques
tion of the commercial and industrial development of
the country at large. Our competitor is not in New
York nor in San Francisco; she is on the high seas.
Our problem is to get hold of the commerce of the
Pacific and bring it across the Pacific and across the
United States instead of allowing it to be diverted
around the globe via the Suez canal or Cape Horn."
By way of. making his view of the situation more
clearly understood he went on to say our population
is doubling every thirty years; . that from the landing
of the Mayflower down to the close of the Civil War
we had grown to 35,000,000, and since thftt time have
increased by 41,000,000, and that it is probable within"
thirty years more we shall have in the neighborhood
of 150,000,000. Of that vast number of people he estir:
mates that not more^than 50,000,000' can find support'
from manufacturing or commerce, because machinery;
has so increased powcrjin such industries that; there'
is not room for the .employment of more than one
third of the population.. Thus- the remaining 100,000,-,
000 people must find support from the soil in one way
or another. ¦ , , . ¦ ¦ *_
Having laid down those propositions and supported,
them by an elaborate array of statistics^ Mr. Hill went
orTto say of the increasing number, of cultivators of .
the soil: "Where will they -go? Not to New England,
withtits rocky and unproductive hills. New-England,^
to use a . term in physics, is filled to. the saturation
point. Nor will the South take much of the increase,
with the exception. of the Latin influx from- Southern
Europe. ; No; the 'great increase will be in the valleys
of the "Ohio, Mississippi, Missouri and ' . w'estward,
the fertile prairies of A the great Central, West arid be- '
yond, wherever irrigation is possible: ' - ; Now, then^
what will these 100,000,000 on the land of the West
produce? Food,' will they not? They will produce the %
three^ great staples of traffic, food, fuel and shelter, b'ut
food in the main." . ¦_,. . : •>
From' the employment of so, large a number of peo-"
pie in the production jof foodstuffs from a 'fertile soil
under a temperate sky/ there .\vill result an :• enormous :
The British House of Lords is reported to have
authorized an overhead electric railway ' to run be
tween Manchester and Liverpool at a rate of no miles
an hour. The line is to be thirty-three miles long
and will make the two cities virtually one /so far as
facilities for going back and forth are concerned. '-
NEW, YORK, June 3.-The following
Calif ornians are in New York:
\ From San Francisco— S. Caro, at Her
ald Square; S. M. Crain, G. M. Crain. at
Murray Hill; MI33 V. Foltz, at Victoria;
Mrs.' K.' Hartz, at Manhattan; W. L.
Hughson. at Imperial; • J. ¦ B. James, at
Grand; R. * L. Knapp. and wife, at yen
dome; R. R. Muro, at Herald Square; Z.
Steuben, at Manhattan; Dr. H. Brann, at
Cadillac; G. Chesman, at Holland; T. \A.
Scott, at Broadway Central; H. C. Strat
ton, - at Herald Square. • - .'
From Los Angeles— G. Chaffey, A. H.
Heber, at Cadillac; M. R. . Flint, at Her
ald Square.' : ¦-.:.¦¦-. :• •-. ¦¦'. .:¦'•- i
'- From . Sacramento — J. H. . Galhoan, at
Herald Square.
From Riverside— J. B. Wood, at Park
Avenue. . .
:-¦/ ' * * ' -
CAUTOBNIANS IN WASHINQTON
"WASHINGTON, D.' C., June 3.— The
following named ¦ Calif ornians { arrived
here, to-day and registered as follows:
At the Shoreham— Mrs. Kate S. Hart,
Jane Steuben, San . Francisco r Dr.^H. I.
Lawhead, Woodland; F. C. Johnson and
wife, Los Angeles. At the Ebbitt— George
Wilcox, Los Angeles. At .the St~ James —
Mrs. H. S. Stipp, . Mr. and Mrs. M. A.
Whittle. San Francisco. At the Raleigh —
J. -W. Ervin; Dr. George M. Terrill and
wife, San \ Francisco.
.. - '¦ » ? ¦ ', .. - .
U ANSWERS TO QUERIES.
INK STAIN3-Subscriber, Stockton,
Cal. Ink stains on a varnished desk can
not be removed without affecting the var
nish. :
TO WHITEN BONES— F. Hi B., Oak
land, Cal. V The French, who prepare- the
bones of a skeleton for mounting, whiten
them by bleaching for a short time in a
weak solution of chloride of lime.
INDIAN I LANDS— I. O. J., Winters.
Cal. All that this department u has been
able to ascertain about Indlan^lands to
be opened for settlement in August next
was published In answer to another corre
spondent in this department on Sunday.
May 19, 1901. , • . .
"COUNT'IN CRIBBAGE—D.. CItv. If,
In a game of eribbase, the following was
the play, 5, 2, 6, 3. 4, ace, tho one who
played the ace is entitled to a run of six.
It makes no difference how the cards are
played so long as they can be counted in
sequence ' order. • .
CONSERVATORIES' OF MUSIC-TV.
T.y.Watsonville; Cal. Possibly the best
Information you can'obtain In relation to
the German conservatories is that to be
obtained by writing: to. the director of the
Conservatory of Music in Liepzic. In
Grove's Dictionary of Music may be found I
information relative- to such .conservato
ries, each under its known designation.
DEAD IN LAW-M. D.', City. , If a wo
man has ' been deserted by her husband,.
and 5 does .not hear from him for a period
of f bur years, ¦ but at the , end of that
period is told that he is dead, but Goes
not verify the. information," she -arould not
have the right to marry again without ob
taining : a ' divorce on the ground of de
sertion. 'In law, an individual is not sup
posed to be dead until after the expiration
of. seven years. :¦;, j. : ;
Choice candies,- Townsend's, Palace Hotel*
Cal.' glace fruit 50c per lb.at Townsend'3.*
Best eyeglasses, specs. 10 to 40c. Look out
for. 81 Fourth, front of barber and grocery.*
¦ Special Information supplied dally to
business ' houses I and public men by thm
PrA3 Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 510 Mont
gomery street.- Telephone Main 1042. •
. Secretary Root has collected one of the
best .private libraries in military history
and science In the country. ._-_ *
;Low Batesjmd Fast Time to the Pan^
v \American Exposition; - >
- Round-trip rate to . Buffalo. ' $37. : Tlme*oC-the
.Union, Pacific Railroad,' three and a half days.
Tickets on sale | at I all ottces of the Southern
Pacific [ and i Union Pacific . Railroad '. companies.
D.'W. Hitchcock, general egent; 1 Montgomery
; street/ San Francisco. ' " „.
. > . Do Ybur:'Feet~ Acho* *
And burn, and make you tired all over?. Allen's*
Foot-Ease makes . the. shoes comfortable. ; rests
i\nA cools tha feet and makes walking easy At
"all druggists and shoe stores, J5c. - Sample "sent
FREE. Address Allen S; Olmsted. Le Roy NY
• ; ¦;¦ ¦ ? « — • ' ¦ ' ¦' ' ¦
- Dr. Sanf ord's Liver Invigorator.
Best IJver Medicine. VegetableCuref or IJver Hl»
BUlougneaa.' : Indigestion. ConaUpatlon. Malaria.*
• Brain-workers aiidnyvous , people , know the -
beneficial / effecta derived ! from , the us* of Um *
eenulna Dr. Slegert's<A.ngo8tura Bitter*,
\\_ .Mr. Hamilton advises his fellow-countrymen^ to
'study theart;6f war. and of diplomacy, >o : leark; some
thing from other people andlreform. themselves gen
; erally. ¦ Perhaps. -if '.they would follow.that counsel they
'would have better' reason foY taking the sanguine view
that Salisbury^encourages. ' A- reformed British": public
.might •really.. i do something 'to' secure -the -cause of
peace/ : ;.; '*..•"[¦ ;\,.- - ; _.'.-»' -'..- y -': ¦ '¦^ : ;-:\'' ¦i'.^' > -\
I , A s - Eastem - people are complaining that the season
¦ istoo warm : ; tq go^to i'the theater, and too cold. toVtake
evening; trolley rides, itwould seem 1 .to ;bV the 'right
season. for them; to start To, California 'for an outing;
where the .weather is always '-'just 1 , right 'for; whatever
ybtiiwish to do.. ; ;. ; : '\ "* •- * - '' . ,
I- Texas is braggjng^that^she produces more: oil. tharii
-California, but \ye notice slie doesn't ; have. anything' to'/
say about prunes. . • '— •'
• ' ¦¦ "If the^var in China has done anything it has estab
lished pre-eminently ' that we are not the ; superior
people,which we claim to be, and that more often than
otherwise our ; outlook is insular, our point of view
biased by selfish: motives or petty prejudices,' and our
whole tone : and ' bearing distinguished by the most
amazing errors in good taste. Our . manners are
appalling, our ignorance is colossal; ': while- we 'defend
every lapse' in courtesy with" the; stereotyped }. expres
sion that it.is'noffdr us'to imitate foreigners." ' ¦ -
It would be difficult for any one but a British optim
.ist to take that view of the war, for it appears to out
siders to have, demonstrated thV military weakness
rather than the strength of the empire. Indeed, some
have been amazed that it has taken.such a vast expen
diture of wealth and of life on the part of the -British
to achieve so .little.; The army; has apparently been
utterly inadequate to its^work, and even yet is hardly
in shape to deal effectively with the "comparatively
small forces of theBoersV':*
There are some among the British themselves who
do not perceive the^ood results that Salisbury sees.
Thus Angus. Hamilton; in. the Pall Mall Gazette, says:
VARIANT BRITISH VIEWS.
T - ORD SALISBURY/ -in. the course of a'much
1 quoted speecK 'a few weeks- ago, congratulated
¦Ly tHe people of Great Britain that the expenditures
of the empire in treasure and in blood during the war
in South Africa have not been wholly in vain. \ Look
ing at wha't he called "the wider aspect of. the war^" he
said: "Irhas' had its lessons for ourselves and for
others. It has proved to the nations that we are still
capable of an' effort that would e_re this have exhausted
the -military strength of any other - people in the
world." After elaborating that point* he added: --"The
cause of peace is rkw more secure than it was before
the strength of England was conclusively shown.'V
Of the comparative urban and rural populations the
census shows a small increase in the rural population
in' Scotland but a decrease of such population in Eng
land, Wales and Ireland. On the other hand, the
towns and cities have increased. London now has
¦U.536,034, a gain of 307,717 since 1891. In England
and Wales there are now thirty places having 100,000
Inhabitants or more, as compared with twenty- four in
.1891. These thirty cities combined now^have some
ahat over 11,000,000 inhabitants, an increase of consid
erably more than a million in the past" ten years.
Over one-third, therefore, of the total population of
England and Wales now reside in cities Saving more'
";' ; than 100,000 inhabitants. ¦. . ; V* >' -
-.^ /The shifting from rural to city life is going on in
' tvery part of the civilized world and is as notable here
•_'; is- in Great Britain. Some . authorities have seen in'
- :'rie change a menace to civilization because in their
judgment the cities can never produce as vigorous
.. aicn and women as the country.- It is doubtful, how
:: "-:vcr. whether that assumption is justifiable. The city
-'. ii to-day is a much more sanitary, place than the city
)f yesterday. It has more playgrounds for youth and
nore parks for the recreation of adults, and conse
juently it is not safe to draw from the experience of
he past conclusions concerning the future of urban
topulatioas. , .
The two' features. of the census which have attracted
most attention are the rapid increase of urban as com
pared with rural population and the* fact that Scot
land has for the first time surpassed Ireland in the
number of her people. The diminution of the Irish
population is, in fact, going on at a startling rate, and
is a proof of the utter failure of the British Govern
ment to provide for the prosperity of that part of. the
United Kingdom, while the increase in Scotland- at
tests its success there. Thus it has been pointed out
that in-i84i, when Ireland had a population of 8,175,
124, the population of Scotland was but 2,620,000.
During the intervening sixty years. the population of
Scotland has increased 70.6 per cent, while that of Ire
land has decreased 46.7 per cent. Scotland contains
less than 30,000 square miles, of which more than one
seventh is in detached islands. A large proportion of
the mainland is mountainous and unfit for* cultiva
tion. The fertile soil is no richer, if it is as rich, as
that of Ireland. Yet Scotland grows in population
steadily, notwithstanding a large emigration to Eng
land and all parts of-the world.
When the census was taken ten years ago the popu
lation was found to be 29,002,525 for England and
Wales, 4,025,647 for Scotland, 4,704,750 for Ireland,
147,842 for the lesser islands and 224,211 for army,
navy and merchant seamen abroad, making a total of
38,104.975. For this year the figures for the islands,
the army and navy and seamen have not yet been
given out, but the other figures show for England and
Wales a population of 32,525,716; for Scotland 4,471,
057t and for Ireland 4,456,546, a total of 41,454,219.
That in itself shows a handsome increase over the
census of ten years ago, and of course it will be con
siderably augmented when the population of the isl
ands and the army and navy abroad are added to it.
FROM the first recapitulation that has been given
out of the British census it appears the country
has made a better showing in the way of an in
crease of population than was feared by some de
spondent philosophers who have believed that the
vigor of the race is declining.
THE BRITISH CENSUS.
To .make and maintain therein r, roads V h«r
bors,; railways, telegraphs and' other public anri
To settle any such territories and land^ v a.
aforesaid and^ to aid and promote immieratlfln
into the same. '- -• ¦ > -• 6 '. tt " on
¦¦ To grant .any .lands -therein for, terms or in
perpetuity absolutely or by way of mortgage o?
otherwise. ' ' • . '-¦'-.¦-'• ¦'¦'.- .- ° B v ™ .
,- f To. make -therein, exclusive: or .other conces
sions of mining, forestall or other rights 1 - :
J, To farm out for revenue purposes 1; the right
to i heU in the . company' s territories spirit, to
bacco." opium, salt. or other commodities
• , ¦ To ; make : loans , or contrlbutloira ' of money ? or
money's worth for promoting any of the object J
of the company. .-••: ;•'>¦ • ¦• ¦;-. ., r '?..=%..'
r To acquire : and - hold or charter, or otherwise
deal with steam vessels and other vessel? -
* r To acquire and hold any perspnal property '
v.. To. deal in. merchandise,, the growth Drod^.
or, manufacture of. the company's terrltorE^
other merchandise. ; ? f > ierm , orles - °r
i '* T ?. C&TT Z on any lawful commerce trad^ " nP
I d <* UnK whatever, inconnection with any of the
objects of. the company.;; ._.-•- ¦.» .*/--' tne
to the } British" Government! '-
. ; It'- is interesttoK ,to ; hav^ ; studied thiq
e^ a i? p li • of * com .P a ny -government 'because
ftf u the 1 lessons >It ; gives .as ; to v the Sn
accrue .f«m'a;c^&
considered -charter ,Un r the hands of ab*e
pioneers and under] the - supervision' of thl
Government. .Jn^ this 5 relation articles 2
inter\Ii Aj^f -S?'^ C^ rt !- ™**'?l
3 ll;'t ll i COI ?P an y^ h all always" be and remain
British * in v character ¦ and * domicile, * and -shall
have / it- 'principal ? office - in f EnslandT and t
the : members : of , its court of . directors or > other
governir.r'. body; andi its principals represent!^
- ¦ ¦ . . . -., _¦.'':./..,* "-¦>¦
: To acquire and take by purchase, . cession' or
other lawful means, other interests or powers
In. over or affecting, the - territories, : lands or
property comprised- in the several grants afore
said., or . any interests, or j powers whatever ! In
over or. affecting -¦ other ;¦ territories,-, lands" or
property in the region and •to hold
use. enjoy and exercise the 1 same for the mir'
poses and on the . terms of, this our chartc-
.,To Improve, develop,, clear, plant and culti
vate any territories and lands comprised in the
several grants aforesaid, or otherwise acaufrert
under this our. charter. ;', - «^uirea
It is .interesting ' to ..extract from the
charter the general powers granted to the
company by .- the. Government. They are
in part as follows:- '
Powers of the Company.'
people of "Borneo are sparsely, scat
tered over the cduntry and chiefly con
gregate on the coasts. Here, they used
largely to employ themselves with piracy; ¦
but now the custom . has . practically died
out. owing . to • the repressive measures
rendered necessary, in the early days. The
Chinese form a. large proportion of the
population, and many people think, also
that several of the nativctribes owe their
origin to Chinese sources. The people are
intelligent and susceptible *to the* advan
tages of good, government, even though
this entails the giving up of such amuse
ments s\S' head hunting- and piracy.
In 1880 the British Government extended
a protectorate Over/ the territory . of the
North Borneo Company and thus Insured
the country .to the empire, while at the
same time leaving complete internal in
dependence.. Such a protectorate -safe
guards the colony internationally, while
It leaves the enterprising private com
pany .a" free, hand -in developing-.' the
country.-- . ' / ..-- .*'.. ¦.* r '.."¦• ..
-Article 2. of the- terms of -protectorate
says: • •' ¦ v ,^. v»'*v ; ;' . ;¦ . s _ . .- *
The State of North*»Borneo shall ; continue to
be governed and ;' administered as an indepen
dent State by the company in conformity with
the . provisions of > tM said charter."-' under "the
protection of Great Britain: but. such protection
shall confer no rlghtion her Majesty's Govern
ment to interfere .with the internal administra
tion of that State further than/is provided
therein or by the charter of the company. • > ¦
The revenue is principaaiy drawn from
licenses for . purchasing and retailing
opium ana other excisable articles; the
rights of sale of which are farmed out to
private individuals. There Is also a poll
tax among the natives and a stamp. dutyr-
Another large item is the money derived
from land' sales. The revenue has grow*
considerably since lSS3,.when the company
first, tookup its duties. .. - . r « .
1 ' In 1S83 the:revenue was about £12,900, as
compared with- an expenditure of £65,300.
In 1SS8 the revenue had increased to £65,-
S0O and the expenditures had decreased to
£42,000. In 1S99 the figures were £107,764
and £84,012, respectively. Thus the propor
tion of revenue to expenditures shows
constant improvement. -,"
/^.There are many fine forests and timber
is one of. the chief articles of export.
Camphor, gutta-percha, beeswax and sago
are among the natural products, while
sugar, tobacco and hemp are largely and
successfully cultivated. . There is some
gold -found and also mercury and coal,
but not in any surprising quantities.' The
excellent rivers afford cheap transport
and the Chinese coolies supply cheap la
bor; so that* the work of development
.goes on economically yet'rapidly.
VIn 1883 .the , value of the imports was
approximately £71,700 and that of the ex
ports £26,500; in 1SS8 the Imports had risen
to £210,400 and the exports to £87,600. In
1S99 the figures were. £483,818. and £567,969,
respectively. "•-. .= - ..
of the Island.- ,
Sources of the Revenue.
largely Sikhs" and Malays. Th^. native
chiefs are expected to maintain order In
their own districts, anfl so excellently do
they do this that very few natives ever
have to appear before European magis
trates. .' ¦ . - < - • ¦
.: s The . Government had no power . to say to . the
, company; p "You -shall, not occupy, the -position,
in ' .which i you - are s placed * by. , your ''purchase.','
1 The. Government had | to* decide . whether , it , was
better, that | the • company f should exist . exercis
ing Us powers irresponsible t& thta country.'un
restrained and uncontrolled.- or should have Im
pose<} upon it ~ certain i, obligations -which will
;In every Instance act in restraint of that power.;
¦^ Finally^ the -""charterj wasX granted, 1 ? and
siuce then' the" developmeYit of, the country
'has s beeu i soi' mar\'elously.ri; successful : as
•never -to •, cause -the \ Government- to regret
. tho ' granting; of the ¦ charter.*." ;The ¦ British ¦
Goverrimeat,'in:the;charter,t- reserves ithe
fullest *¦ control \ over": the " of
.thevcompany.^and'tlms-; encourages it "to
carry ¦ on i its iwork \under-a' full . sense of
Imperial;, responsibility, v, There .is: no ex
pense to the Government," and iit ; is ; bnly
; called 'upon ,to iexercise : a '• protecting.-.in
iiuence against i;. aggressive -: action- from
-without..-; -;-.,;:-."- , - - '¦*' ¦ ' ¦¦¦,'."¦
, i T3io\f MTorthBoriieo' Is Qoyerned.
; ' The" area* under .¦"the'^go vernmentl of ¦- the
company, is c about3a,000, square miles, and
includes over. 600 i miles > of ; coast; in which
are to i be found many!fine;harbors.'-~* ; .- t -<T;
/- Korth , Borneo has had the great ' advari
/tage I of • having '. Chinese \ labor .within I five
: days' j steanLvrThia, 1 * coupled *,with : ,the ; fact
that "> the 1 native £ population \ is *! compara
tively .-small, i is - one . of . the great * reasons
and much more inexpensively than under
direct state control.' " -' . - ¦
In this connection it Is of interest to
contrast the expenses of government in
1S87 of Fiji under crown | government and
British North Borneo under a ' chartered
company. Fiji; with an area of 7400 square
miles and a population of over 12S.000, ex
pended £73,000, and this in a year of rigid
economy; while in North Borneo, with an
area of 31,000 square miles and a popula
tion of over 150.000. the company expended
£29,000 only. This difference In expense
-is largely .to -be -traced to the. fact that
crown government generally requires es
tablishments large in comparison with' the
.resources of > the- colony, while the char-'
tered company enlarges its establishments
as the resources are developed. The crown
government starts completely equipped to
deal with the colony, say fifty years
hence," j and Is consequently uselessly ' ex
pensive until that period is' reached; the
company, on the other hand, starts with a
small establishment' and only enlarges it
as the revenue permits. ¦ " ; ;
Dealing "With, the* Sultan of Sulu. ;
The early days of British North Borneo
were cheifly filled with the obtaining ot
concessions from the native Sultans and
s in , establishing trading .stations in ".the
country ceded by the Sultan.. 6% Brunei
and the Sultan of Sulu. In 1881 the British
North Borneo •.-Provisional Association
was formed; taking over the cessions com
plete. * The royal charter was obtained In
1381. and in 1882 tlw British North Borneo
Company was formed. For the: tarritory (
originally ceded the company pays annu-^
ally; a rent, besides which it has since ac-;
fjuired- many - additional pieces of terri
tory, either, by direct sale or by renting.
Both the Spanish and the Dutch Govern
ments objected c to. the, granting of the
charter- and the ¦ acquisition of land, by a
company. •¦ The Spaniards, how
ever, in 18S5, together with Great Britain
and Germany,, signed a protocol, in which,
"the Spanish -Government * renounces, as
far- as. regrards^ the .Government,
a)l claims of sovereignty over the territo
ries of the continent oC Borneo, whicn be
long, or which have- belonged in the past,
to'the Sultan of Sulu.V ; • • "<
. At the time of iliscussiort in Parliament
upon the granting of the charter Lord
Granville, then- Secretary of State for
Foreign Affairs, made several remarkable
statements with regard to the
company. He wrote to the British Min
ister in Madrid:', ... . .
As regards the general features of the un
dertaking it is to, be Observed that the iterrl
torles j granted to the company ¦ have ' been for
generations under -the government of the' Sul-'
. tans of ¦¦ Sulu and Brunei, with whom - Great
Britain has bad treaties of peace. and com
merce; and far fRpm any disorders arising out
of the occupation of those territeries by British
subjects, under the concessions of the Sultans,
the advent of the company, has been welcomed
everywhere by the inhabitants. The experience
or three years shows that the peaceful and'ln
telligent development • of the great . natural re
sources j of the country is I steadily i Increasing,
and there is every reason - to believe that a
sound and liberal system of administration will
be established „ by. -the . company, "which- will
Spread: the benefits . of . clvillzationv among the
native population and open up new and impor
tant fields to British trade and" enterprise, and
to the commerce iOf, all nations. „'.-_*•
Granville on v Chartered Companies.
, Again .' in Parliament; '.when ) defending
the action of the GovernmentMiOrd Gran
ville made, the 1 statements: ~ •>
'There seemed' to be three'eourses open to 1 us
either, ourselves j to ¦ annex ; this ¦ vast territory ; j
to leave it to. Mr.' Dent and the important com
pany which he represented, to make the best of,
the •• granted j to I them— In Mother
.words, t, -we j might; have : left .-: matters' to take
their- own , course — or,; to leave *the j whole coun
try, tb its almost- inevitable absorption -by; for-"
eign ¦ nations. ; ¦'¦¦ There ,were grave 1 objections to
the first, and third courses 1 ! that did not appear
to apply to the second. V:v- ... - . -¦ " -. - •
¦ Borneo is a most valuable and important. part
of the world, 'and If the resources of the coun
try are developed under, the honest and intelli-'
gent i supervision ; of • a •" certain number ' of ¦ Eu
' ropeans I believe : that 1 great results ; may - be
achieved.* while ' no - additional *• burden. , either
'military or financial,*: will -be thrown, upon this
country.. .-•....';'*:'.. .;*.'... ;.. .' '.,..¦* , : * ,¦-,
'. Mr.'?' Gladstone, on the- same subject,
said:..*.',- v, ¦¦¦"•' _¦ '¦ ' '--/ _*-;--.•. ¦- .<..•¦¦•,'."
CALirOSNIAN'S TN NEW YOBX.
--Red oak, black oak, beech— One cord, . weight 3250
pounds, equals 1415 pounds coal; 050 pounds oil, 103 gal
lons,, or 2.43 bifrels. , ¦ " '. , - , ¦ '
Pine (average fuel)^One cord, weight 2000 , pounds,
equals 890 pounds coal; 445 pounds crude oil, 63.5 gallons,'
or 1.512 barrels.", . '.. *. ;¦;'•. ¦'; .'. •:';->:. ;":' .': . .'•.,'¦
The experiments are. said to have been made .With,
good qualities of coal and wood, and with a* fuel oil:
apparatus which enabled ' the evaporation of 100V
pounds of water to the gallon of oil.; From these tests:
it seems safe to assume that oil -is to' work, a great'
change in the world of industry. .„ It remains to be
seen whether the people' of California and of
will ship their crude oil away : t6 be used for fuel in
Eastern factories or whether factories will be erected
in the locality of the oilwells.' Thereis a bright pros
pect now. for the-upbuilding of Western manufactur
ing industries, and it is to be, hoped the opportunity
will not.be lost, will be. poor business .for Cali-.
fornians arid Texans to ship away not only their raw
material, but the fuel to work it up and then buy
back the finished goods.. ' .
.The American Society of: Mechanical Engineers is
reported to have conducted boiler tests as to the fuel
qualities of crude oil, coal and various woods, with
the following results: - - '
Hickory— One cord, -weight 4500 pounds, equals one ton
(2000 pounds). coal; 1000 pounds oil, 143 gallons, or 3.42
barrels. -f ; *- \. -. .- - : . , ; ./<.'.., '.-..:."• : • -' :.:.. ¦.
WWteoak— One. cord,' weight .3850 : pounds, "equals 1711
pounds of coal; 850 pounds of;crude oil, 122 gallons, or
2.9 barrels. - ' ¦ v. y , ,. .- - -. • ,
\Valley.
CRUDE . OIL AS FUEL.
'/""\ WING to' the enormously increased of
I . • J oil due to the developments of the oil regions
.^"-^ in California and -Texas the engineers of the
world'are giving more attention than ever to the eco
nomic advantages which may be expected to result
from the use of oil as, fuel. An English engineer if
reported to have stated recently that the oil discov-;
eries jn this country are more ¦menacing to British
commerce and industry than any other single factor
of the time. Something of the same feeling with re-'
gard to the subject is felt in the East, and among the
Atlantic seaboard States : there is growing up,. a belief
that Texas oil can-' be shipped to their ports at so
little cost that they will have tuel cheap enough to
enable them to compete with' the coal districts and,
thus check the shifting of 'manufacturing from' 'the
Eastern States .to; the South and the Mississippi
'ffirc -i^P^; : .' ; "<r«U*-
TUESDAY. .'.¦......JUNE 4, -loor
JOHN D. SPRECKELS,' Proprietor. '' ;
Addresi All C«maoaieation( to W. 8. LEASE, Manager. .
BLO'AGEB'S OFFICE^^^^e^phone Fre»si S^
l'CDL'iCATION OFFICE... Market and Third, S..F.
Telephone Press 201. .
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson St.
Telephone Press 202.
Delivered Iiy Carriers, 15 Cents Per Weelc
Slnsrle Copies, 3 Cents.
Terms by- Mall, Inqltxdlngr Postasrei .
DAILT CALL (lndnfllns Suncay^. one year $6.00
DAILT CALL (Including Sunday). 6 months 3.00
DAILY CALL Ondufiing: Eunday). 3 months 1 1.50
r>AILT CALL— By Single Month 65c
WEEKLY CALL. One Tear ..^ 1-00
AH postmasters are authorized to receive
subscriptions.
Eample copies ¦Rill be forwarded when requested.
-»**. . —^— — — —
M»il subscribers In crderine chahse of address should be
particular to rive both NEW AND OLD ADDRESS in order
to Insure a prompt and correct compliance -with their request.
OAKLAXD OFFICE ....'..... 1118 Broad-way
C. GEORGE KROGXESS.
K&siger Foreign Advertising. Karjcette Building, Chletgo.
S" . (Long Distance Telephone "Central 2619.")
JCE"W TORK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C. CARLTOX Herald Square
KEW TORK REPRESENTATIVE:
STEPBEX n. SMITH 3O Trlbnne Bnlldlnar
NEW TORK NEWS STANDS:
TVaidcrf- Astoria Hotel; A. Brentano. SI Union Square;
Uurray BUI Hotel. , .
CHICAGO NBVTS STANDS:
Ehennan House; P. O. News Co.; Great Northern Hotel;
Fremont House; Auditorium • Hotel.
\VASHI\GTO\ CD. C.) OFFICE.. .1406 G St., JT. W.
MORTOX E. CRASE. Correspondent. «
BRA>*CH OFFICES— 527 Montgomery, corner of Clay, open
until 9:30 o'clock. 300 Hayes, open until 9:30 o'clock. 633
McAllister, open until 9:30 o'clock. 613 Larktn, open until
«:30 o'clock. 1911 Mission, open until 10 o'clock. 2261 Market,
corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock. 1096 Valencia, open
until I o'clock. 106 Eleventh, open until 9 o'clock. NW.
: corner Twenty-second and Kentucky, open until 9 o'clock.
2200 Ftllmore. open until 9 p. m.
production, much more than is needed for American';
use, and consequently i an enormous market will -have
to be. found for -the surplus. That market" Mr:.Hill
says .will be found in .Asia, : for the Asiatics will 'soon '
do, m °st of the comparatively ; small' amount of manu
facturing they^reqaif e^ and ;will , never Jbe rich '. enough
to demand much in" the .way, of luxuries, i -Their great -
demand will be for; food, '.and' as! a? consequence there '
will be an immen se traffic between' the Great Wejst'ahd
the -Orient.-. The only, question iiii. the problem, he
added, is "whether, that traffic shall- first ; be carried to :
Lthe Eastern ports 'of the '.United States and: thencei
shipped to -the Orient by way. of-the Suez canal or-by ; :
way of Cape Horn, or whVther it 'shall- be taken direct^
to . Pacific Coast pdrts^and shipped thence to Asia.; .^ |
* As to the part which ; -h£and other railway magnates- j
are; playing in the evolution ;¦ of "commerce* Mr. Hill
said : "After all .is : said we railway managers are
largely automatons. in the shuttle. We must move,
as nature and. commerce dictate. We succeed, only.
as we obey the. great, natural laws;and the' public in-;
terests. , ¦ As between' roads and 5 magnates it is V case t
of survival of the fittestV Who' is the fittest— which;
road, what route? ¦ That which geography, gravitation, 1
climate, production) population, . commerce and
progress select, control and support. The others must
pass from view."V :/"/'..;.' >
While there may be differences of opinion concern
ing some of- the statements of Mr.. Hill,- it will hardly
be denied that in the main his forecast -is as accurate
as can be^drawn fromj present conditions. It : is "; cer
tainly • a prediction | that th'e' West . will fill
iip within thirty, years,' and" yet ¦ it may s not be" far
wrong. All the signs of the' time/ point to the'; con
clusion that this century is to be marked by extraor-^
dinary developments all round. the Pacific Ocean;; and
in the course of them the'Pacific Ocean States of the.
Union musto^eceive ; ah enormous stimulus in every
department e£, industry; and commerce. '¦'—:' ' V.
tive« la Born*© shall always be natural born
British subjects - or persons -who hav« been
naturalized as British subjects by or undir an
I act of the Parliament of our United KingcWm.
I ".4. The' company sh^tl not have power to
1 transfer," wholly | or in, part, the benefit ¦ of the
grants .and - commissions - aforesaid or " any of
them < except ¦ with . the consent tot ¦ one of " our
principal- Secretaries of State (in this our char
ter referred to as our 'Secretary of State).
: 6. If at any time our Secretary of State
thinks fit to dissent from or object to any of
'the dealings of .the company with any foreign
power, • and to make to the . company any sug
gestion founded on ' that dissent or objection,
the company shall act In accordance therewith.
.10. If at any time our Secretary of State
I thinks fit to dissent from or object to any part
let .the proceedings or system of the company
relative to the people of Borneo, or to any of
the . inhabitants thereof. • tn respect ot slavery
or religion or the administration , of Justice or
I other matter, and to make to the company any
' suggestion founded on that dissent or objection,
the company shall act in accordance there
with. .
! -13.: The appointment by the company of the
I company's principal representative In Borneo
, shall always be subject to the approval of our
Secretary of State. ,
PERSONAL MENTION.
v Fred Dodd of Fresno Is at the Lick.
.Dr. J.'.T. Jones of Grass "Valley Is at
I the G rand. . r ' ', \- -^ • >/
':< Div J..M. Archer of Redding Is" a guest
; at the Grand." -
' ¦'W.^Ii. Hancock of Xapa is spending a
few^'days at the' Palace. -
• F. AT. Helby, a ! dry goods merchant ' of
Monterey,' is at the .Grand. /
Barney. Cussic. an extensive real estate
holder, of Chico, Is at the Grand.
G: X*! ..Kennedy, a w^ll-known planter
of Honolulu, is at the' Occidental.
S. K. Dougherty, a . prominent resident
of Santa Rosa, is at the California.
,G. B. Babcock, manager of the Coro
nado Hotel, San Diego,, is at the Palace.
; W.F. Purnell, a popular business man
of Sacramento, is spending a few days at
I the Lick. < * '_
Charles D. Meyer, a prominent mer
chant of Los Angeles, registered at the
California yesterday. * *¦
W. J. "McDonald, a mining man of Boca,
is in the . city .'¦ on - business and is reg
istered at the Grand. v
• E.'W. Hale, the well-known merchant
of Sacramento;. i3 down here for a few
days and is 'staying at the Palace
his- wife.'
Fred "Healy, a newspaper man of this
city, has returned from a trip through
the East. He will take charge of the
-Wave, one. of the weeklies here.
E. , A. Belrs, \ the . Pacific Coast repre
sentative of a prominent New York firm.
Is at the Palace. He arrived. here yester
day and Is busy greeting his old friends.
Mr. and Mrs. Thomas H. Williams Jr.
will leave for New' York next Sunday,
June 9, and will sail on the Oceanic from
New York; for Europe on June 19. They
will spend a month or more in Europe and
will return to this country on the Phila
delphia, which will leave Southampton
August 10. • After visiting Saratoga and
other places of interest in the East Mr.
and Mrs. Williams will return to San
The trip will be for pleasure
mainly, but Mr. Williams will combine
with it the settlement of some of his
business interests in the East and in
Europe. They expect to be back fn San
Francisco, about September 15.
PAPERS ON CURRENT TOPICS
;PREPAREI^;BY^XPERTS; AND-SPEGIALISTS-FOR
. ¦';-.-.. .',. .* , ' •*. r : '_• - ;.'-.-. ¦¦¦:-..'.,¦ ..¦¦-.• : . - .¦ ¦ _ --,. ,'*>,.'•'
: . 'The. SanFiiancisco Gall/ . I : , , "
¦¦•-,•-;:- .¦--•^•- •¦¦-.- . - - ¦¦--•' -y-^---.- -.. •¦,-.,¦•••. ..-. ..-. . ,.
Remarkable SufceesS of the British Em
;. :pire in Extending Its -"Colonial System
/ '"y -, -Through' Chartered 'Companies. * /
/¦ **•< •
Ey; CA-lfted .YStoadLO
r': HH a
:¦;¦¦¦¦.. • ,.' , •¦ FELLOW OP THE ROYAL, COLONIAL"INSTITUTE.
j. , XVI.—BRITISH ' NOBTH BORNIX). ;:
: This series of sketches of colonial gov
ernments would belncomplete if it did'not
include. at least one. case of land acquired
and developed by; a chartered;' company.
This system of subletting' portions of i the
British empire to private'companies-dur
ing ; the time of clearing and initial devel
opment has .been so successful that it "at
least ' merits consideration. •¦ Though there
is little doubt that" the companies must al
ways give way to crown government after
a time," they are: always anxious to "de
velop ' new/ country.' . In > return for the
privileges qf^the trading rights' iii' a coun
try, the company is prepared i.to. govern
the territory, and develop it, knowing that
after the" work ! of pioneering is completed
the Government will step in and take over
the duties of ruling, leaving the company
free to reap • the full advantage of - the
trade in the settled and organized country."
It is certain: that under .the; company the
country is. developed much more rapidly
for the rapid opening up and development
.of the -company's, territory. >-.. '
• The government of the colony is admin
istered by a. governor appointed by the
company,' with the approval' of the Secre
tary of State. He is the chief judicial of
ficer of the Supreme : Court • and, "High
Court of; Appeal.'. The Governor Is as
sisted by a Colonial Secretary," two Resi
dents. of Districts and .several -Assistant
Residents. 'There are also officers for*the
Treasury. .Public Works. Harbor, Medical
and Constabulary "departments. "A Legis
lative Councils including the . higher offi
cers of the Government,- and* leading na
tive chiefs, is nominated. -The Indian
penal code is adopted almost - entirely,
though ¦., there- are some proclamations
based upon acts current in Fiji. The .Brit
ish North | Borneo | Company 13 | bound to
respect the ; , rights : and customs of the
natives, one of which is slavery.- Steps
are, however, being- taken to put an end
to this latter practice: ¦ - .
- The police force of 300 men maintains
order/ the members 01 the . force being/
offers admission to our. extensive market.
But both Congress _and the President have some-,
thing to think about besides the industrial interests
of the islands. The welfare of seventy-six millions of
people in the United States must not be forgotten. The
bonanza view of the Philippines has always been that
their surpassing richness of resources gives them a
productive capacity that is immeasurable,, and per
mits no comparison with a like area elsewhere in -the
world. One acre of land, there being equal in pro
duction to, a hundred acres here, similarly .employed,
to bring it into 1 action and admit its product into our
market free'means the obsoletion of a hundred times
as much land at home. This would be the case if
industrial conditions and "wages were equal. But. they
are unequal. Not only does the soil excel in rich
ness, but the labor that seeds and harvests there is
much cheaper than here, so much cheaper that the wage
that hires one man here will pay ten men there. Under
such circumstances free trade with the islands will
admit a competition against which the American pro-,
ducer cannot sustain himself. As, the first function of
American statesmanship is securing the welfare of our
own people, it seems evident that a tariff against the
land and labor of the Philippines will not become un
popular until the Republican protection policy loses,
its hold upon the people.' ." *-„* • '¦
The Chronicle assumes that an island tariff is de
manded by the trusts. That charge has been made be
fore, but we recall no instance in which proof of its
truth has been submitted* It was charged that the
sugar and tobacco trusts first bought all of those two
crops on hand in Porto Rico and then demanded that
a tariff be put upon its importation into this c6un- J
try. As such tariff added to its cost, we have been*
unable to see why its owners should' have been
anxious to increase their own expenses. We are un
able t«-6ee how the trusts will be profited- by. a Philip-,
pine tariff. We do not dogmatically deny that they
will be, but we. ask. for proof before admitting it. Un
til this is forthcoming we. shall regard the trust argu
ment in the premises as an attempt to bring preju
dice into the discussion and decision of a question
which requires the highest use of reason and judg
ment. We submit as a more reasonable proposition
that the demand for free trade with the islands is made
by those promoters "who propose selfishly to exploit
them and tfceir people^for private' gain. It is notHnf
reasonable that this class desires to add to the profits
of cheap labor used on > highly productive land that
The San Francisco Chronicle, in, dealing with this
subject editorially, rebukes any ' proposition to im
pose a tariff' between the islands and the .United
States. As the court has decided in favor of . the
power to make such imposition, it becomes a ques
tion- of expediency solely. For its existence the.
papers which originally advocated annexation are re-.,
sponsible. The Chronicle sees but one side of it and
declares that. "any proposal to convene Congress to
put commercial shackles on the -Filipinos will come
to naught. As President McKinley will not be a can-.,
didate for re-election it is*suggested ,that he may pull
the trust chestnuts out of the fire by imposing an ex-
port duty, upon the Filipinos." The Chronicle then
argues that such duty would work the commercial
ruin of the islands. ._-. ; ¦,"•
THE Cabinet is considering the expediency of an"
extra session of Congress to empower the Presi
dent to fix a tariff on traffic with the Philip
pines.' If the Attorney General >' fail . to find such
authority in the recent decision of the Supreme Court '
and the Spooner amendment to the army bill it will
be sought from Congress. As "the country approaches rj
the maze, of issues raised by these island annexations
it becomes plainer' that their administration ' will, re- "
quire considerable changes in our governmental meth-.
ods. The' administration' of government at such a
distance will present emergencies that cannot be dealt
with by Congress, either in regular or special session. -
The court in its majority -opinion has gone to -the
methods pursued by other nations under like circum
stances. Those methods are executive, and not legis
lative. It may be expected, therefore, that the power
of the President will be greatly enlarged in respect to
these, islands, if they are to continue in our pos
session and the needs of their government are to be
promptly met. •
the' executive power.
6
AUCTION SAXES.
By S. Watkins— Tuesday. June 4, at 11 o'clock, Horses and
Wagons, at 1140 Folsom Btreet.
By John J. Doyle— Wednesday. June 5. at 11 o'clock,
Horses, at 327 Sixth street.
By A. M. Scott & Co.— Thursday, June 6, at 11 o'clock!
thirty head of Horses, at 33 Dore street.
By Wm. G. Layngr— Friday, June 7, at 11 o'clock, Trotting
Horses, at 711 Howard street.
VOaurts and ts represented by a local agremt In
•U towns on the coast.
TO SUBSCBEERS LEAYKG TOWH FOR THE SUMMER.
Call subscribers contemplating a change of
residence durlnjc the stammer months can ha-ro
their paper forwarded by mall to their new
addresses bx notifying; The Call Business Offlce.
This paper vrlll also be on sale at all summer
. * AMUSEMENTS. •
Columbia— "The Importance of Betas Earnest." , - '|
AIcezst — "For Bonnie Prince Charlie."
Grand Oi>era-house— "La Tosca."
California— "A Colonial Girl."
Olympia. corner Mason and Eddy streets— Specialties.
Central— "Old Glory."
Tivoli — "The Toy Maker." . . '
Orj>beum — Vaudeville. • •
Chutes, Zoo and Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon and
eveninj.
Fischer's — Vaudeville.
Sutro Baths — Swimming. _
Emeryville Racetrack— Races to-day.in the school building on the corner of
Eighteenth and Shotwell streets. The as
sembly hall of the school had been pretti
ly decorated for the occasion and the
extra seats that had been crowded into
every available aisle and corner were
none too many to accommodate the hun
dreds of parents and friends that came to
hear and to see. -
The programme rendered by the pupils
was as follows:
. Greeting, vocal class; essay, "The Church and
Education," E. A. Dawson; essay, "Liberty and
License," F. M. O'Keefe; "Mazurka de Traln
eaux," Misses O'Bullivan and O'Hara: essay,
"We Are Heirs of AH Past Aks," Miss N.
Kelly: essay, "In Elyslan Fields," Miss E.
Hughes; "The Merry Chimes," A. Oarbarlno;
essay, . "Character and Success," J. F. Durkin;
essay, "Retrospection," F. .W. McAleer; "Valse
Caprice," Miss E. Grazer? essay, "Ideals." Miss
I. Brennun; essay, "Of Thine Own Country
Sing," Miss L. Rusac; "Berceuse" (Jocelyn)
F.. McAleer; essay, "Our Chances in Life," J.
T. Haiinon; essay, "The Spirit of Our Times,"
E. F. Rlordan; "Galop Brilliant," Misses Don
nelly and Garbarino: essay. "Electricity," G.
B. Learned; essay, "The New Century," A. W.
Garbarino; "Polonaise" (Chopin), Misses Mor
tln and Grazer: "The Lady of Shalott," Misses
Rusac, Brennan, Kelly and Hughes.
The graduates are the following named:
Miss N. Kelly, Miss E. Hughes, Miss I. Bren
nun, Miss L. Rusac, E. A. Dawson, F. M.
O'Keefe, J. F. Durkin. F. "W. McAleer, J.- T.
Hannon, E. F. Riordan, G. B. Learned and A.
"W. Garbarino.
aiiss Mortln will receive a degree in
music. Tho medalists are Miss Kelly, Miss
Hughes, Miss Brennun and Miss Rusac
Thursday afternoon the graduating ex
ercises of the academy will be'held in the
Verln Eintracht Hall on Twelfth' street.
At that time»the medals and honors of
various kinds will be delivered to the de
serving pupils. The exercises ¦will com
mence at 2 o'clock. •,
CLASS 3>AiY AT THE • „•
ST. CHARLES iAOADEMY
-¦.-, t
Clever Essays Read by Graduates at
the Exercises Held Yesterday . .
at the School.
The class day exercises of the St. Charles
Academy were held yesterday afternoon
Dividend. ' ;
The affairs of the Odd bellows Savings'
Bank of San Francisco, after a period of
more than j twenty years' entanglement,
ha.ve finally been straightened out and an
early settlenTent Is promised. The Insti
tution made an assignment on February
5, 1879,. and at the - time' it was feared
creditors would ' get but a small . propor
tion of their money. IMvidends have been
declared, however, from year to year and
In 1900 they/ amounted to a total of 87^
per cent of the original debt. ' .
- For some time past the Bank Commis
sioners have been working" to effect a final
settlement and such; action was decided
upon at a meeting of the board yesterday.
Property which has been tied up for many
years has been cleared and a new divi
dend has been declared. This will raise
the amount paid to' depositors to a trifle
mere than 89 per cent. * Vv
In addition to the dividend there remains
as assets the sum of $782 06. • There .wilU
also be about $300 more from semi-annual
interest on deposits. This further sum,.
it Is stated, wMl be ordered distributed
and the long standing accounts of the
bank will then be closed. ;
The total amount of money paid in divi
dends since the suspension . of the bank
In 1870 will aggregate $20,000 and depositors
will receive nine-tenths of what was due
at the time of the failure.
Depositors Are to, Receive a
Final Though Small
Odd Fellows' Savings
Bank Affairs Finally
Untangled:
ALL ACCOUNTS
TO BE SETTLED
ALCAZAR PATRONS WARMLY GREET
THE FAVORITE, FLORENCE ROBERTS
"La Tdsca" at Grand Opera House Magnificently
Performed— Neill Company Splendidly Presents
"Colonial Girl "-The Orpheum's Great Bill
THE SAK FBAyCISCO OALIi, TTJESDAY^ JtHSTE ;4, 190^
Flatt and Sutherland, vocalists and in
strumentalists, are the other newcomers.
Henry Lee, the character impersonator,
liad three new characters last night,
Koosevelt, Schley and Dewey, and they
wer"e lifelike. Lew Sully, the monologist,
was as good and funny as ever. The
American biograph concluded the bill.
Central.
There is enough patriotism In "Old
Giory," now running- at the Central The
ater, to stock half a dozen plays, and the
audience cheers the more striking parts
where the old flag is most honored. The
stock company does very well with the
drama, which includes a sea scene and
seveial others that "bring ! down the
house." The play is on for the week.
Chutes.
The Chutes has another good bill this
week. The flying Jordans continue their
sensational aerial act, introducing several
new and daring feats. Murphy and Hart,
comedians and dancers, scored a big- hit
with their laughable skit. Clinton Mont
gomery sang several new illustrated songs
in a pleasing manner. Other good num
bers are: Baby Ruth Roland, the clever
child artist. Mile. Adelaide on the high
wire, the Gillen trio of club jugglers and
new moving pictures!
Fischer's Concert House. . . .
Charity Martin,' the operatic soprano,
scored a success at Fischer's Concert
House last night Her voice Is well tuned
and her method is excellent. The Matil
dita ballet demanded six encores, and. the
singing of Sam Holdworth, lyric tenor,
was thoroughly enjoyed. Katherine
Kreig and Minnie Huff presented a one
act operetta by. Offenbach, a pretty thing.
Carroll, the whistler, and numerous other
vaudevillians concluded the programme .
Olympia. .
The bill at the Olympia this week is one
of the best . this year, and last evening
every number -was well* received. The
Samoyoas made cuite a hit with" their
aerial work and Frank Barton's ragtime
specialty received encore after encore.
i ¦ ? » — --
-A* woman's curiosity will go at. least
three times as far as her pin money.
Millions for Baseball.
A million of dollars are spent every year up
on the game of baseball, but large as this sum
Is, it cannot begin to equal the amount spent
by people in search of health. There is a sure
method of obtaining strength, and It Is not a
ccstly cne. -We urg« those who have spent
much and lost hope to try H-ostetter's Stomach
Bitters. It strengthens the stomach; makes
digestion easy and natural, and cures , dyspep
sia, constipation, biliousness and weak kid
neys. . . ¦ ¦-'.".. . ' ¦;-¦ ¦» '
TALENTED ACTRESS WHO
HAS MADE A HIT IN "A CO
LONIAL. GIRI*"
THE return of Florence Roberts to
the Alcazar stage last night at
the opening of her usual summer
season was the signal for a very
flattering demonstration in honor
of the clever little actress. She brings
¦with her this time a new play, "For Bon
nle PHnce Charlie," dramatized from
Coppee by J. L C. Clarke, a Buccess of
Julia Marlowe's, that was given here for
the timt time last evening. As its title
implies, "For Bonnie Prince Charlie**
concerns itself with Jacobite times, and
with the particular days about the bat
tle of Culloden. The story is cleverly
wound around the fortunes of a young
beggar girl, who becomes a spy for the
picturesque Scotch hero, and who, to save
him and her beloved Scotland, does not
even stop short of placing herself In euch
a position that her reputation as a good
¦woman is lost.
At first hardly grave enough, Miss Rob
erts' conception rises later to a very con
vincing degree of tragedy, and her.. Mary
is ail round a worthy and pleasing, piece
of work. She received an ovation, flowers
galore, and curtain calls innumerable.
.White Whittlesey distinguished himself
by a Ferious and noble portrait of the
blind beggar, certainly one of the best
things he has ever done, and a thoroughly
effective use of an admirable opportunity.
Frank Bacon, Edwin Enery and Jack
Morris were also fully satisfactory, but
the rest of the support lacked vitality.
Next week "The Countess Valeska" will
be given. BLANCHE PARTINGTON.
Columbia.
"The Importance "iff Being Earnest."
with its bristling epigrams and bubbling
wit, drew a fair-sized audienee at the Co
lumbia last evening. The comedy will
hold the boards for two more nights and
the Wednesday matinee. On Thursday
evening Mr. Miller will present a double
bill. "Gudgeons" and the one-act piay
"Frederic Lemaitre," in both of which
he been seen here before, and to splendid
advantagre.
California.
A well filled house greeted the second
performance of "A Colonial Girl" at the
California last evening. The play wae
well received and the actors heartily ap
plauded at the end ot each act. John W.
Burton was particularly good as the iras
cible old colonel, while James Neill made
an acceptable lover. Miss Edythe Chap
ir.au,: as Lady Danvers and Mi^s Ju'ia
Dean, as Molly Heddin, added greatly <o
the strength of the play. The other parts
w«re-.well" filled, s
"A Parisian Romance." which was tirst
presented here by Richard Mansfield, will
oe -next week's attraction at the Cali
fornia. .
!.-.--¦¦ 7 Grand Opera-House. -> .
The Baron Ecarpia is one of Melbourne
MacDowell's. strongest roles, and his por
trayal of the pious' villain, who murders
between prayers. Is a purely artistic tri
umph. Coming so soon after the "La
Tcsca" of £arah Bernhardt,it was not ex
pected that there would be as much In
terest as there 'was displayed last night,
but the talent of Mr- MacDowell and the
fact that everything he plays is beau
tifully and correctly staged and cos
tumed was sufficient to fill the house on
the first night of Sardou's tragic drama.
TivolL
"The Toy Maker" began its fourth week
of success* at the Tlvoli last night. A big
house attested to the opera's popularity.
It Is a long time since . the Eddy-street
house has put on a piece that has so well
met the taste of the theater goers, and It
looks as though the tuneful opera Is des
tined to outlive' "The Idol's Eye." Annie
Myers is at her best as the doll, and In the
role is inimitable. Hartman has eomo
new Jokes and verses for his topical song.
The whole performance is an admirable
one. On Saturday next the Tivoli grives
another toy souvenir matinee for the chil
dren. ;, - *
Orpheum.
Grace- Van Studdiford continues the
topllner at the C^pheum, and her eongs
last night were warmly applauded. She
wa<? in splendid voice. Among the new
comers Miss Florence Bindley made a
meet favorable impression. She la clever
urid her Imitation of a French lady slng
fr.g "The Harp That Once" In a London
. drawing-room Is immensely good.. Hines
and Remington 1 : unique 1 character artists,
fire excellent. Miss Remington is full of
fun and her creation. "The Woman' WJth
the Ax." is certainly unique and amus
ing. She ¦ established herself au a prime
favorite. MartlnettI and Sutherland,
comedy sketch artists and dancers, and j
7
ADVEHTISEMEKTTS.
Report of
Progress
.. AT OUR ..
QUICKSILVER MINES.
At the SILVER CREEK QUICKSILVER
MINE, nine miles from San Jose, MR. ROB-
ERT SCOTT, the greatest furnace builder in
the world, and the Inventor of the
Scott Tile Furnace, states | that he will have
the furnace and condensers completed on June
20. Stock Is now selling at. 75 cents per share,
and will be advanced about that date without
notice. We are of the opinion that our mine
will prove to be as good as the Almaden, in
which event this stock will be worth at least
$200 per share.
At the BRADFORD QUICKSILVER MINE,
in San Benlto County,- we own 400 acres of
land, United States patent, and have a shaft
down, 260 feet in ore. with complete hoist and
buildings and about 1000 feet of tunnels in" the
ledge all ready for a furnace. Stock In this'
mine now f selling for 50c per share if taken
with equal amount of Silver Creek stocks at 75
cents.
H. R. BRADFORD,
Managing Owner,
7 ICorth Market St., San Jose.
Prospectus and exhibits at branch office, 413
Kearny et., San Francisco. "
F. . DE FREITAS, Agent.
FOR STOMACH DISORDERS,
60UT and DYSPEPSIA,
DRINK
Best NATURAL Alkaline Water.
HOTELr I
Visitors to San Francisco who mako
; their headquarter* at these hotel* en-
Joy comforts and conveniences ' not to
be obtained elsewhere. De«lrabl« loca-
tion, courteous attaches and unequaled
cuisine. American and European plan*
»»GRAND HOTEL- j
AMUSEMENTS.
GRAND; OPERA HOUSE
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY; '
EVERY EVENING THIS | WEEK. * *¦
* . / ANOTHER GREAT TRIUMPH, •
MELBOURNE MacDOWELL
Supported by. FLORENCE STONE In Sardou's
Great Play, -. < ; - . .
"LA TOSCA.'V
MELBOURNE MacDOWELL as .SCARPIAJ/
A Two-Dollar Attraction at Popular *: Prices.
'¦:¦'. '- 10c, • 15c, : 25c, 50c. *A*Few~Seats 75e.^i:V?-
Good Orchestra Seat at All Matinees, 25 Cents.
Branch Ticket Office, Emporium. ¦ . ->;
Next .Vfeek— Melbourne MacDowell as Andrea*
¦ - . r in' "The 'Empress Theodora." . .. "• , ¦
FOR 5AI F
Improved Farm of 2000; Acres
Rich Valley Land in Ma-
dera Count/.
For particulars address FARM, 813 Market
Street. S. F. , ' /-. . ',; ¦¦'. _-.'-.
NOT A SANITARIUM.
An * erroneous report has gained . circulation
that the El Monte Hotel at Los Ciatos la to | be
run as a sanitarium. - Mr. John .Nevill, pro-
prietor of this popular resort, wlsnes the pub-
lic to know . that the El Monte Hotel will be
conducted as a strictly, first-class hotel, > offer-
ins special inducements to families. ; ¦ . '
I ¦ ; , ; ADVERTISEMENTS.
Positively .cured >y these ,
. LittlePHIs."
, They also relieve distress from Dys-
pepsia.- Indigestion and Too Hearty
Eating. A perfect remedy for Dizzi-
ness, Nausea, Drowsiness, Bad Taste
in the Mouth. Coated Tongue, Pain vi
the, Side, TORPID LIVER. Thjy.
Regulate the Bowels. Purely Vegetable,
Small Pill. Smal{ Dose.
Small Price.
EVERT EVENING THIS, WEEK.
MR, JAMES NEILt;affiS8Y;5;
Presenting j *
- The Beautiful Romantic Comedy,
A COLONIAL GIRL.
PRICKS— Evening, 25c, 35c, . 50c, ' 75c, (1
; i Sat. Mat.— 25c. 50c. 75c. • .
BARGAIN MATI EES "THURSDAYS."
25c and 5Oc. -
NEXT SUNDAY EVENING, LAST WEEK
MR. JAMES ' NEILL and His Company.
By special request,
" A PARISIAN ROMANCE.
l*UkUlYi£*IM LEADING/THEATRE
THIRD WEEK OF THE
HENRYMILLER
SEASON. ¦ ' • / ; ...
TO-NIGHT AND WEDNESDAY NIGHT AND
WEDNESDAY MATINEE, ''
Last Time of Oscar Wilde's Comedy,
"THE IMPORTANCE OF BEING EARNEST."
THURSDAY, FRIDAY AND SATURDAY
. ¦ NIGHTS AND SATURDAY MATINEE,
DOUBLE BILL, ,
The Empire Theater Success, *
"GUDGEONS."
¦ And the One Act Play. \ ••
"FREDERICK LEMAITRE.', 1 .
Next Monday Henry Miller Will present for
" the first time on any stage the new
romantic love story,
"DARCY.OF THE GUARDS."
oL-f HIATR E rA >
KVERY NIGHT AT 8.
MATINEE SATURDAY ONLY.
FLORENCE ROBERTS
Supported by White Whlttlesey, In Julia
_ - ' ' Marlowe's Success,
"FORBONNIE
PRINCE CHARLIE,"
Orchestra, -first 6 rows, 75c. Reserve seats
six days in advance.
ONLY MATINEE SATURDAY. _
VAUDEVILLE'S "CHOICEST GEMS
HINES- AND REMINGTON, FLORENCE
BINDLEY. MARTINETTI AND SUTHER-
LAND. FLATT AND SUTHERLAND. THE
BIOGRAPH . •
- ¦ And Final -Week of
GRACE. VAN STUDDIFORD, LEW SULLY,
: . HENRY LEE. t
Reserved Seats. 25c; Balcony, 10c; Opera
Chairs and Box Seats, 50c.
Matinees Wednesday, Saturday and Sunday.
*TI¥_PL1*
"BUSINESS UNPRECEDENTED!"
EVENINGS AT 8.
ANOTHER BIO TOY SUUVENIR
MATINEE SATURDAY, Jane 8th, at 2
EVERY CHILD WILL BE 'PRESENTED
WITH- A SOUVENIR TOY ATTENDING
POPULAR PRICES. 25c and 50c
'» Telephone — Bush 9. '
8 ¦nrrrfirfun
TO-NIGHT and AH This Week. ¦
. MATINEE SATURDAY AND SUNDAY..
Mammoth • Production of the Patriotic and
y Realistic Naval Drama, ¦;
"OLD GLORY "
The Story "of t}ie American Bluejackets'
in Chile. . -
Thrilling Naval Battle— The Baltimore Saved
From Destruction — Mobs Assail Amerl-
, ' can , Tars, Etc., Etc. .
pnir EC Evenings.:. .'..... .10c, 15c, 23c, 35c, 60c
inlVCJ Matinees:.;. ..........10c, 15c, 25c
» -Next Week— "JIM. THE WESTERNER," -
RACING! RACING I. RACING!
SPRING MEETING— Opening: April 29.
j CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB.
| OAKLAND RACETRACK.
j Racing Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thura-
.. day, -Friday and Saturday. Rain or thine,
r Five -or more races each ¦ <!ay. ' „ i
Races start at 2:15 p. m. eharp.
Ferry-boats leave San Francisco at 13 'm. and
12:30, V 1:80, , 2,~ 2:80 and 3 p. m., ; connecting
with trains utoppln*,, at the ; entrance to the
track. ¦•¦'¦•• Last " two ' car* on train reserved for
ladles and their escorts; no smoking. Buy your
ferry tickets to Shell Mound. AH trains via
Oakland mole connect with San Pablo avenus
«lectrlo cars ' at Seventh , an* Broadway, . Oak-
land: •'; Also all ' trains via Alameda mole con-
nect with 'San Pablo avenue cars at Fourteenth
and ¦ Broadway, Oakland These - electric - carj
go direct -to the" track, m fifteen minutes. - -.. .
-. Returning:— Trains leave the track at 4:15 and
"4:45 p. m. 'and immediately after. the last race.
. THOMAS -H.' WILLIAMS JR.. President.
;R. -B. MILROY.. Secretary. ... . . ¦;--
I?TCPII17R»C CONCERT HOUSE:
rlDl/niln p v Admission 10c.
'MARTIN, Matlldita and ; Ballet.
Katherine Krleg and- Minnie Hun*.- Carrol; At-
lantis, Charles Held and Sam : Holdworth. .-
: ; Reserved Seats,' 25c. Matinee Sunday. :,;;v
SUTROBATHS.
OPENi^NIGHTS^
Open ¦ dally,' from , 7 .a.'^m. Jto. 11 p.; m. .
. Bathing from .7 a." m, tolO:30 p. m. • » ¦--•
.'--•¦^ADMISSION? 10c."; CHILDREN, :- Be.
Bathing. Including: admission, 25c. Children, 20c.
If you want to
know where to
go this Summer
\ Whether to a mineral spring resort,
where you can get. the benefit ot medi-
cinal waters, or. to a farm, where you
can enjoy the comfort and quiet home
. life of the farmer,', or to a picturesque
town, from which you can, in a short
walk or drive, commune with nature in
. " her valleys, foothills . and mountain
canyons, or to a camp alone. the bank
of some shady stream,
Call or write for V j ¦
"VACATION 1901"
This is a little 'book Just Issued by the
California Northwestern Railway Com-
pany, and is profusely illustrated. It gives
camping - locations, hotels and mineral
spring 1 resorts in Marin, Sonoma, Mendo-
cino and Lake counties.' Besides, I It con-'
tains a list of about 200 farms and homes
where board during the summer months
can be procured at from $5.00 to $10.00 per
week.' ¦ ,*• ¦ .'¦-. •¦ . ;' :'• ' ¦ • 1
Ticket offices. 650 Market street (Chroni-
cle building) and Tiburon Ferry. General
office, Mutual Life building, Sansome and
California streets, Ban Francisco. .-'.
- R, X. RTAN.
* General passenger Agent.
j H. C. WHITING, General Manager. ,-
SANTA CATALIN A ISLAND.
• 8V4 Hours' Ride From Los Angeles. Cal.'
GREATEST ATTRACTIONS IN THE WEST.
Third - Annual Rod and Reel Fishing Tour-
nament.- auspices the "Tuna Club.''
Eighth Season of our Famous Marine Band.
The Society Resort. . ¦
The Sportsman's Paradise.
HOTEL METROPOLE and COUNTRY CLUB
always open. Golf and Tennis Tournaments.:
IDEAL CAMP LIFE. - ---• ..1 ¦
For full information, hotel rates, unique ar-
rangements for camping - and illustrated pam-
phlets, apply to -—:_¦-
B. C. PECK, Agent,
?•;.• .10 Montgomery st.. San Francisco.
. ¦ Or BANNtNC CO..
..,¦ TXt South Spring St.. Los Angeles.. Cal.
f\ If M iT%f%f% HOT SPRINGS. SONOMA
SK H/'wItX Co.: only VA hours from
\JI\ri\J\J\J San Francisco; but 9 miles
: • .¦ t - ;• ' staging; waters noted for
medicinal virtues: best natural bath in State;
good trout streams; telephone, telegraph, daily
mall and express; .first-class hotel and stage
service; morning and afternoon stages; round
trip from S. F. only $5 50. Take Tiburon ferry
at 7:30 a. m. ; or 3:30 p. m. i Terms, $2 a day or
|12 a week. References— Any guest of the past
six years. Further information at Traveler of-
flce, 20 Montgomery st., or of J. F. MUL-
GREW. Skaggs. Cal. , - ¦ .
GlLROY
HOT SPRINGS.
Trains leave Third and Townsaid streets at
9 a.m. and 2:45 p. m. . daily. ' For rates and
illustrated - pamphlets address P. ROBERT-
SON, Prop. .--¦.•
HOTEL GENEVA,
AND COTTAGES. '•
BATJSALITO. Only 30' minutes from the city;
most beautiful location and marine view: an
anexcelled summer apd winter resort; ; table
«ind lervlce of the .best." . ' ¦ ' .
. • W. G. GRAHAM. :
" •- Late of Hotel Mateo. Manager.
LAUREL DELL LAKE
MOST ATTRACTIVE PliACE IN LAKH
County to spend a vacation. Boating,
bathing, bowling, tennis, . livery. • new walks
and boats. Write for circular. EDGAR DUR-
NAN. Laurel Dell. Lake Co.. Cal.
J&gr Throe trains daily; 2% hours' ride. A.
." Bettens, Mgr.. -Byron Hot Spgo., -Cal.
. • Lombard & Co., .36 Geary street, • City.
SUMMER HOME -
SANTA CRUZ MOUNTAINS— FJRST-CLAS3
family- resort; main hotel . and cottage* ;*
hunting and fishing; artificial lake for boating
and swimming; long-distance telephone; camp-
ers' return tickets, $2 50; open. the year round.
Bend for circulars. I
¦ . ; -." J. H. HAKSTERS. Glenwood. Cal.-
FERN BROOK PARK,
NILES CANTON, IS NOW OPEN FOR PIC-
¦ nics or campers. • Further information ad-
dress J. B. BARJJARD, Prop.. Nlles, Cal. v -
n b f r? TOCALOWA. H JT
Bertrand Hotel; flrst-clasa accommodations;
reasonable rates for families and parties :. fish- •
ing bathing;: beautiful drives to Bear. Valley, -
etc. JOSEPH F. BERTRAND, or Bulletin In-
formation : Bureau, ¦ 233 Kearny St., . S.~ F. : .
GLENBROOK.
Various amusements. Large and small game.
Table and beds unsurpassed. Rates only $3 and
$10. Apply 20 Montgomery st or address O. W.
R. TREDWAY. Prop.. Glenbrook. Lake Co.. Cal.'
VACATION DAYS.
Outing Suits In Homespun or Golflngs; Jack-
ets silk lined, made to. order only. :. Special for
the next. 30 days.... ....$24.30
¦ LESTER, Ladies' Tailor, 8 and 10 Kearny . st.
i VICHY SPRINGS, '¦¦'¦' '.
The " only place in i the United • States ' where
Vichy -Water ' is abundant. : ; The only - natural ,
Electric Waters: Champagne Baths; Springs
Numerous; Baths Unequaled. Three miles from
Ulciah. , J. A. REDEMETER & CO..' V
... i-..- :*'./;•"- -.,<¦-•.-'--•¦.¦. , . ProDrietors..- %
IHJNCAN SPRINGS,
Two : mllea from • Hopland ; '-¦ best A medicinal
waters In the State ; fine hotel and first-class
table;' rates $10 and 112; housekeeping cottages.
O. HOWELIi. Hoplacd. ; Mendocino Co.." CaL • '
TOLIi HOUSE.
PLEASANT '.> ACCOMMODATIONS : FOR . A
few .guests;- mountain- scenery: \pure*alr.'
$8 ' per • wk.. - H.- B.;liAWLEY, Callstoga. .Cal.
HbTiL^BENVENUE.
. On . tbe shore of . Clear; Lake ; ' home cooking;
$7 per » week and J upwards.' j . F. V ; and A.- M.
SCALES, j Lakeport. Lake County,- Cal. :
;' :HOi : FbR THBiGEYSERS: i>^
: * Via C. ' C.~ Foss';> Stage*' Line •¦ f rom Callstoga!
The scenic route/; Livery In connection.*,' C.~- C.'
FOSS, ." Proprietor, - Callstcffa, Cal. if*fv>^fi; ¦' : *
CMP REVERIE,
„ " . ' !• IN THE---
RUSSIAN ; Riy£R ! REDWOODS,
"In All California
No Place Like This."
pn Outing
On a_New Plan,
.On June S, this year, CAMP REVERIE will
be opened in a redwood grove on the Guerne-
vllle branch of the California Northwestern
Ratrway, midway between Fulton and Guerne-
vllle. - .
Handsome booklets with full details have been
left in Ticket Offices of the California North-
western Railway, or address CAMP REVERIE
ASSOCIATION,, room 81, Flood building, San
Francisco. Office hours 12 to 4 p. m.. Mon-
days, Wednesdays and Saturdays.
HOT SPRINGS.
A grotto, 1400 feet up * In the coast range,
overlooking the broad r Salinas Valley; free
from fog and winds; pure dry- balmy air:
equable temperature; seven, miles stage from-
Soledad; hot and' cold soda and sulphur baths:
tub and plunge; special bathhouses for ladles;
massage • treatment; cement swimming tank,
30x60; hunting and fishing; all popular games;
hotel, cottages and grounds illuminated by gas;
telephone and P. O.; round-trip ticket J3. C.
T. ROMIE, prop.; J. O. .VALPET. manager.
...NAPA. 1 ../ NapaCouPty,
SODA SPRINGS Cai v
THE ' MOST BEAUTIFUL OF ALL
health reports.
Rates J10 to $15 per week. Two trains daily,
foot of Market street, 7 a. m. and 4 p. m.
For further information / address < ' • •
- A. DOLLMANN. Proprietor.
YOSEMITE VALLEY,
BIG OAK FLAT /ND TOSEMITE STAGE
CO.— Running direefcy through the Tuolumne
Big Tree Grove. Round. trip from San Fran-
cisco ?32. Round trip from Stockton $27.
Staging 2% hours first afternoon and 9 hours
next day, arriving at Yosemite Valley S p. m.
Send for Illustrated folder. WM. J. WHITE,
Gen' 1 Agent. 630 Market St.. opposite Palace
Hotel, S. F.; tel. Black 8S71.
™" •
Healthiest and best climate, prettiest place
in all California: lots amusement; fine walks:
all mineral waters. Rates, $10 and J12 per
waek. Open May, 15. Circulars at city office.
918. Lai kin St., S. F. DRURY & KROEGER.
For. the complexion. Indispensable for the
Mountains and ¦ Sea Shore. Prevents and re-
moves tan, sunburn and infection from Poison
Oak. Indorsed , by the medical ' profession. At
all druggists. . ¦ ,.
.. THE NEW BUILDINGS AND
HniTT'S Beautiful Grounds at Hoitt's
• nui 1 1 O School will be open to summer
MENLO '' euests >¦ during June and July.
Superior climate. -• excellent
PARK. table; reasonable prices. Ad-
' flress . IRA G. HOITT.
ORCHARD SPRINGS k^£S^
la the Foo-Ullt of the Sierra Nnvadm Mountain*, near CoUaz, od
C. P. R. R,. 136 mile« from San Frandxo. lio (taging ' Plain.
Snl.t retreat; fineit aeenerT, water, mountain air, fruit ami climate
i California. Idaal forest, rrnnndi and nrronndinn. (3 a week.
Send fer booklet. ORCHARD SPRINGS, Cotfu, Cal. ¦
KLAMATH "HOT SPRINGS. .
Finest fishing, hunting and health resort on
the coast. Climate perfect. On Klamath River.
Rates, $2 and $2 50 per day; $10 to J14 per week..
Call Traveler ' Office, 20 Montgomery > St.. or
address- EDSON- BROS., Beswick, Siskiyou
County," Cal. - , . -. --¦-**- . ¦. ,
' RUBICON PARK,
A ' delightful summer resort on the shore of
Lake Tahoe. Everything new.; Best beach for
bathing on the lake. >«shlng and hunting.
Boats, flshinff tackle and saddle horses at mod-
erate hire;- $2 per day, or $10, $12 and $14 per
week. Postofflce, telephone. . A. I*. FROST,
Rubicon Park, Lake Tahoe, Cal. . » ¦
POINT ARENA HOT SPRINCS.
Greatly improved. New cottages, large hall,
pianos, billiard, pool and other games; every-
thing i new; $7 per week. % Round trip - by stmr.
Point ; Arena, $7/ Inquire at Beadle Bros.'; 34
Mission,' and N. P. R. R. Co.; 14 Sansome St.,
or of DR. W. A. McCORNACK. Point Arena,
Cal.- ¦¦¦¦ ¦¦ '¦-• •¦ - ¦ .r :- ¦ -\ . ' .-¦•
MOUNTAIN HOME/ \
In the Santa Cruz Mountains. Health, pleas-
ure, fishing, - hunting— and i swimming; - good
table; guests at borne; never fail to come back
again ; . eend for souvenir. VIC PONCELET.
Llagas. -¦¦""¦. ,- -.-.'¦ '
- .-¦ &5O.OO '¦.-.;•¦ '¦" '\:,
Or less ¦ will cover all ' expenses of a 10 days' •
trip to Xoaemite. • Curry' a . Office, 630 Market
St., S. F., ," " - ¦
YOSEMITE!!
• camp cuitmr ;. . v
Makes it possible for you to spend a week or a
month in Yosemite without exhausting ail your
resources. Rates, $12 per week; 143 per month.
Office 630 Market st. * ,-- \ :¦> ,
I— . .YOSEMITEi I .. .-;...../..
GOOD FELLOWS 1 HOME.,
AMID THE • MOUNTAINS OF MENDO-
• cino.' - Visit this v quiet . little '. resort for
rolld - comfort. ' " For -' particulars apply to 3.
6TRATTON. 3 Eighth street. City.
; It Is never too late to enjoy good health and
pleasure at the; cozy = ' . • "
Sanatoria Springs.
" " 8. "- MARTENS," Prop."." Bachelor " P. ¦ oT. - Lake .
. County ; v Clty t 0f flee. \416. Pine street.; ; . *>.
WII I OW R A VfH former 'proprietor W. v
ITlLLUnflAri^U Crandell— A summer home
In '¦ tbe - redwoods, - 5 miles •- from - Santa Cruz;
running . water,- swimming', . croquet, abundance
of fruit, home cooking; table speaks 'for Itself.
For particulars, TULET & ILIT«\ ¦ Santa Crux
: ; BELLEVUmHOTBL; *
P. O.: EL" VERANO, Cal.,' Verano- SUUoa
. (Kings Crossing)), f on ; California Northwestern
Railway/ Hot mlneralrbaths near by.- .Terms.
. 11 per and upward.", PETER . GOUILH Ait-
DOU, .lessee. \.i "::-^> -'-^^"fffff BHTWgtyBBtfi
r A MP TtfYT flD i Cottages, "i camping.' fishing;
VAl!irKlAILUK(29:mlle3.from.S. F.; In tha
redwoods.'^: Call , Traveler ; office,'; 20 Montgomery
street. , or address H. • G. < MAR ( TLN. : Proprietor.
'Central California
San Jose is the central city of California, and
Hotel Vendome is its most attractive feature. ,
Adjacent to Lick Observatory. New Almaden
Quicksilver Mine. Alum Rock Park and count-
less other attractions, reached over perfect
roads. Hotel thoroughly modern and first class
in every respect, with service unsurpassed.
Rates reasonable. For further information call
at "Traveler" office. 20 Montgomery street, San
Francisco, or • address
fc GEO. P. SNELL. Mgrl. San Jose.' CaL
HIGHLAND
SPRINGS.
Only Three Hours' Staging
To the prettiest, healthiest, most restful placa
in all California. Resident physician. Every
comfort and amusement. Rates— $10. $12. 114.
Ua and |16 per week. Call on LEE D. CRAIO.
S16 Hontroinery St., and see photographs of
hotel anciV^irroandlngs. We take pleasure In
writing f<^ particulars. Address CRAIO &
WARNER.
DR. C C O'DONNELL'S
MINERAL. SPRINGS' AT GLEN ELLEN,
the best camping, picnic and pleasure r»-
«ort on ths Coast. Tba greatest remedy Jor
lung disease, liver and stomach complaints,
rheumatism and catarrh In the world; 41
miles from B. F. The S. P. R. R. and S. F.
* N. P. R. R. give special rates to campers;
SO cottages and tents furnished: rent cheap:
no fogs nor poison oak at the park; mineral I
water, boats and bathins free. Inquire Of DR.
C. C. O'DONNELL, office 1021H Market, bet.
tth and 7th, 8. F. If you want your health.
pleasure and. longevity this is the place to go.
CALIFORNIA HOT SPRINGS
Hot Springs, but not a sanitarium.
Formerly Agua Caliente Springs. Sonoma
Valley. No staging: 48 miles via C. N. Ry.
or S. P. R. R. Immense swimming tank.
Splendid table. Come Sundays, try it. Round
trip, $1 10. Telephone, expensive improvements:
$12 and $14. COOPER & SHEDDEN. Agua
Calleate. Cal. . r ..
WILBUR HOT SULPHUR SPRINGS;
Sulphur Creek. Colusa Co.. Cal., 26 miles by
stage west -of Williams; fare $2. Hottest and
strongest water on the Coast; temperature 143
desr. Cures rheumatism, dropsy, salt rheum,
skin diseases, neuralgia, liver and kidney com-
plaints, paralysis, mercury in system,- dyspep-
sia, catarrh. Xatural mud baths. New 2-storr
hotel; fine new bathhouse. Bnard an.4 lodi?in*.
including baths, $10 a week. WM. OELGEART.
Proprietor. . ' .
LAUREL RANCH RESORT
5 miles from rtatlon: beautiful view; moun-
tain scenery; good hunting, fishing In moun-
tain streams: short distance from Geysera:
daily mall; $7 per week. Further particulars
address G. H. BLACK. Geyservilie. Sonoma Co.
EL MONTE HOTEL'.
First-class family resort: climate unsur-
passed; great relief for people with asthma: 65
miles from S. F.; fare $1 65; free 'bus. Particu-
lars at Traveler Office, 20 Montgomery St., or
of JOHN NEVILL. Proprietor. Los Gatoa.
THE GEYSERS, ?£££"
ONE OF NATURE'S^ WONDERS. NATU-
ral steam baths; swimming, fishing, hunt-
ing and livery. Write for pamphlet L
WERTHEIMER.' manager. ' ' .
.WHITE SULPHUR SPRINGS.
t\i hours' ride from S. F.: 6 miles from Vai-
leja ¦ Sulphur baths: cure rheumatism, neural-
gia, -eczema, kidney, liver, stomach diseases.
Hotel and Cottages renovated. Lake for boating
and bathing. Dancing Pavilion. $3 to $10 a week.
Special rates famines. M.MADRID. VaUejo.Cal.
' J O H A N N I B R R G .
First-class family resort In the Napa red-
woods. • Exhilarating air. * hunting, fishing.,
swimming and boating. Terms reasonable.- In-
quire THEO. BLANCKENBURG JR., - Prop..
Oakville. Napa Co.. or The Traveler's Bureau.
20 Montgomery st. . k
1Af f\ 1- IS O -I- TVt E F* E .
Located 2 miles east of Santa Rosa on Santa
Rosa 1 Creek. All the luxuries of • a ¦ farm.
Warm springs for bathing: mall dally. S. P.
trains stop at Walnutmere. Address J. F.
¦ BURGESS. Santa. Rosa. . ,
WHITE SULPHUR SPRINGS.
Two miles from St. Helena, Board and room,
XI a week; camping privileges. $1 50 per week.
Address W. .W. McCORMICK, St. Helena.
LAKEPORT AND • BARTLETT SPRINGS
STAGE LniE.— Hopland to Bartlett Springs,
via Lakeport. carrying passengers for Lake-
port and Bartlett Springs. Stages connect
with trains at Hopland. Leave Hopland at
•12:30; arrive. at Lakeport at 3:30; arrive at
' Bartlett Springs at 7:30. , New 6-horso 14-pas-
senger tourist wagons, made to order for this
stage line, -with all the most modern Improve.
merits. Passengers for Lakeport or Bartlett
Springs call for tickets by Bartlett Springs
Stage Line. .
MILLER & HOWARD, Proprietors.
LAKE COUNTT.— New 19-passenger Tosemlta
Stage, all outside seats. Leaves . Callstoga
dally (Sundays excepted) at 11:30 a. m., direct
to Harbin. Seigler, Adams, . Howard. Ander-
eon, Astorgs and Glenbrook; buy round-trip
tickets; half an hour for lunch at Callstoga;
' - also to Mlddletown. Lower Lake. Kelseyvllla
and Lakeport. . WM. SPIERS. Proprietor. -
OWN a home In 1 beautiful CAMP MEEKER:
buy lots $10 up; cottages built by Meeker, lio
up: boatinsr, bathing, tenting ground free:
sawmill, depot, store. postoSce at camp:
• board and lodging $S: take Sausal'.to ferry, $3
¦round-trip. Address M. C. MEEKER, or.H.
M. GREGSON. Camp Meeker. Sonoma County.
MOUNTAIN MILL HOTEL— Accommodations
for few. Rnests: mountain scenery,, pure air;
17 - per ¦ week. . F. McMtTLTT. Callstoga. - Cal.
LAGUNA FARM— US miles from Mt. Olivet
station; boating, fishing, bathing; SS per week.
MRS. R. BAH.ARD. Mt Olivet. Sonoma Co.
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.;
Catalogues and Priea Lists MaUar
on Application. ,
,; COAL, COKE AND Pld IROX.
j C 1W SflN £ CO m Battery Strw.
J-fc/y W1LJVH LW. Telephoa* Main 1884
~ ' COPPERSMITH.
CW Sh| P Plumbing. Steamboat and
• IT* J 1(11 1 11, sbjp Work a specialty. II and
IS Washington at f Telephone Main £841. "
," :"• FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
JASB3YES & CO. / S'^l^'m^V"
,*~ OILS.. '.. !
LmSRICATTNG OXLS. LEONARD & TTT.T.T«y
- 418 Front st./, S. F. Phone Main 1719..
s L . . ¦ PRI NTINO. V -
EC BnfiHFS PRINTER.
> • PRINTERS. B00KBINDER3. 1
THE HICKS-JTJDD CO.. .'"
. . . a First Street. s*b Tnai^MkNtW TORK. June Z.~ Speculation In stocks
»" again very an!mat«>l to-day and the deal
ings shnwed a substantial expansion over those
«.f Friday. Both In character . and volume of
.trading the market l»r«> a 1 lose ' resemblance
t., that in the boom ivfriod.' Strenuous efforti"
.cere put forward by Unancial interests to give
it that appearance. There was an increasing
opmand on the part of the outeide public dem
onstrated through the clearing house orders
«m the market, hut the market still continued
for the most part in the hands of professional
•-iwrators and the larger speculative Interests.
Much of the buying ie predicated upon the con
liiptrt' assumtnion that the powerful financial
interests o f the country have reached an agree
mot.t to raiw jirices - .o a -higher level again
and to attempt to ren»w the speculative o?ndl
tion* prevailing before the upset In the second
*Aef»k of May. Buyers ot last week were very
fceayr.pellcn to U'te urcfita . to-day ¦¦ and this
?filing cauced a very general reaction after
the opening advance, which was fairly com
mon to the » hole list. Some of the stocks
¦nhich were most cctu>picuouH in the opening
advance did not do morr than hold their own
:n the later dealings. Others continued to ad
vance, while Ktill others, which were strong
f arly li*t week and then reacted. renewed
their tarenrth in the late dealings. Aftpr the
fin=t gonc-ral reaction th- policy was adopted
to advance tint one and then another stock
fn :<equenre. Rpallzlng was continuous under
CM-er o£ these ruov-monts, but the net result
«f Hie day's trading was a substantially higher
1^\*;! of rrioeis. At th* close, after a day of
Ktvat activity and variety, the steel stocks
•acts onns-plcuouBly unt>r pressure of realiz
ing after the opening rise and closed on the
riown grade with only fractional gains ¦ Very
r-nnspicuous strength w.is kIiowii by 8t_ Paul
XTnion Paoiflc, f>outh«rn Pacific, and In the
final dealings Ihe Erics and Readings. There
wa* a <lev«.'lopment of great speculative activ
ity in Sugar, which carried, that Block up an
extreme S ]>oints. Amalgamated Copper gained
S'/fe. Tin* tobacco stocks. Colorado Fuel. Con
soli'lated Gaf, General Klectric and Pacinc
Mail ro?e from -2 to 4%. ; Sugar was affected by
th* renewed conviction that an understanding
*xisi«»d 'between: the <*<>mpetlng interests. In
the market at large there .was little speciOc
news to account for the activity and strength
1 *yond the general belief arrived at in the
Northern Padflc dispute, which carried
with it an assurance of concord among
all the great railroad powers. . North
ern Pacinc sold ¦ at ISO and ; the ¦ clos
ing was- 100 bid- and -ISO- asked.-- Only 100
eharcs were dealt In. ( One of the. rumors cur
rent was that Northern Pacific etocks would be
New York Stock Market.
I N Husly.^N Zealand
J Scott. New Zealand
J MacCarthy;- Ireland
W H Dehm, . Sydney r
T G Bushnell. Sydney
Mrs Dunn. Brisbane -
W McGrath. NiZ^Und
I Wood. .Sydney ,f •
J R Mengas, < Australia
K E CaKle. Tacoma
MIm B McCarthy, Syd
ney--' : v :--¦¦-- '¦¦
WC Guerth. Battlnicr
J L Powell & w. Giant
A J.Donellaon. St Paul
F P Powell Cal
J Mulroy. ' Inglestda
W J «trong. New York
O P Green, Denver
J F Wart. Pt Richmnd
J L Powell & w. Giant
J R Carr. Nebraska
E Kazaisc, Bkrsfleld
NEW /WESTERN HOTEL.
"W A Fruhllng & w,
- Los Angeles
D S Cone, Red Bluff .
A Sutton. Colo Springs
F A Bostwlck. N Y
E M Lion, i San Jose.
A J Hart. San Jose
A J Waktman. N Y
J Zimmern, N Y
E'A Breis. N Y •• ¦
C Fassman, Los Ang
A W Ballard. Los Ang
J Krlge. S African R
L Christopher & w.
Los Angeles 1 .
TAdalr, Dawson >
D K Campbell. Vancvr
O A Phillips. R I :¦¦•'¦
G It Matteson. R I,
JO Wllborn. S C •
J H Wharton. S C '
H Massey. S , C
A F Luenlng. Milwke*
C P Breslan. San Jose
G W Campbell. S Jo3»
O F Becker. Wash
O HLyonbery. N Y
L H Philbrook. Los A
Mrs R L McGulre. Ill
S J Babeock, Corona<l>>
Mrs Babeock. Coronal*
W K Mayer. AV»sh.D<-*
J J DooJey. N *Y
E WTHale & w,. Sacti
CL Jaeger.Sheepranch
E I*4Drlggs. N" Y
G XKdrTH, N Y
"W.~L.{ Hancock. Nap*
Baron Kleckeren. HoJ
"land.'
A Belt.-St LouU »
E»L Neilson, Chlcaeo
J-E Mannerhan. NY
PALACE HOTEL.
GRAND HOTEL.
S Li Howe. Sacto -
D Levy. Williams
C M . Wooster. ¦ S Jose
O Lewis. Alameda
W E Ott. w & d.Bksfld
Mrs J E Holton. Seattl
E A Tuttle. Los Ang
B' Cusslck. - Chlco ¦ %
J Filllaa. Redding
AB Cowles & w. Wsh
Miss I Cowles, Olmypia
C Wetmore, Saisun
Mrs E V DarUn?. Nap
Mrs T Hlbler. NY.
G Robinson. I Los Anar
N- A- Young. Los Ang
M Morris, Yuma, A vT
C H Fink & W. S Barb
F M Hllby. Monterey
J T Stoll, Sacto :
Mrs A Machomlck. Cal
H E Carter, '. Los Ang
F E Bryant. Cal
W . D Stevenson, Cal
W J McDonald, Boca
Mrs M C WhiUler.Mas
E C Montfert: St Paul
C R Van Orsdel. Chjro
A Rummelaberg. Cal
D W Hand. Pa
G R. Elliott, Portland
A C Rosendale, Cal
I> J Jones. Gr Valley
M 13 Rountree & w.Mo
W F Simpson. Mich
M R Hil#ard. Illinois
F. E Adams. N Orleans
J D Smith, Cal
DrPM Archer. Cal
J.W Ruslunsr. Cal
E B Hlatt, Cal
C B Bell. Reno
P Wlckham. Cal
R F Nesler, Salt T.atc»
SIlss J Sullivan. S Lie
W G Pooge. Uklah
S P Poland. San Jose
R I* 1 Patrick, Chicaso
P Benson & w. Wis
J D Williams. Butte
M- Michael. Woodland
W W Reed. Oregon
W C Swatn. Mrysvlll*
J R Doollttle, Honolul
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
Exchange and Bullion.
Sterling Exchange,. 60 days. — $4 86
Sterling Exchange, sight... — 4 S3
Sterling Cables — 4 90
New York Exchange, sight:. — : 12%
New. York Exchange, telegraph.. — \ 15
Silver, per, ounce. — 60
Mexican Dollars, nominal 49»4 @ 50 "
Wheat and Other Grains. ¦¦ •
WHEAT— The foreign markets showed' no
change worthy of note. The world's shipments
for the, week were as follows,: In quarters:
Russian, 283,000; Danublan.' 25,000; 'Argentine,
88.000; Indian, 29.000;.'AustralIan, 65,000. Broom
hall gave the world's shipments at . 11,000,000
bushels. . : ' , ' , „
The American visible supply decreased 3,130,
000 bushels. ' Chicago opened weaker, there
being a reaction on showers in -the Northwest.
There were more -buyers than sellers' at 'the
decline, however. Reports , from the ¦ South
west and Central West were bad, and Kan
sas' reported only half a crop. There was
heavy fcuying of July, -but' September was
neglected. - - '.' ' ¦ " .'"
There was a fair business on call in the
local market at steady prices, but shipping
grades remained unchanged.
Spot Wheat-Shipping,, 97%@08%; milling, $1®
1 02V4 per ctl. , .
\ ' .. ;. CALL BOARD SALES. . T
Informal session— 9:15 o'clock— December—
'4000 ctls. SI 05; 4000,. $1 01T4: 6000, $1 04%; 2000,
Jl 04%; 2000, $104%; 26,000,. U 04%. ' ' *
• Second Session— December— 2000 ctls. $1 04>4. .
Regular Morning Session— December— 16,000
ctls, $1 04%;.<8000.. $1 04%.- - >
¦ Afternoon Session— December— 6000 -. ctls,
BARLEY— There was a large sale of bright
feed . at the top quotation. The market con
tinues quiet and unchanged. - ¦" >
• Feed, ,75c for ,No.' land".70®72%e ¦ for off
grades; Brewing and Shipping. grades, 80@85c;
Chevalier, nominal. .' J j '
• CALL BOARD SALES. -.
-Informal - Session— 9:15 ¦ o'clock— December—
2000 ctls,:70Vic; 4000, 70%c. _ . . . . -
Second Session— No eales. •¦"•-.-• .. l
: Regular Morning Session— No sales. ..
¦ Afternoon Session— No sales. . .: ¦
! OATS— Continue ?• steadily held . . at • previous
prices, though the demand is nof active. White,
$1 42%@'l 55;< Surprise, $1 65@1 65; -Red, $1 33
@1 45; Black, $1 K%@1 32% per ctl. I$j
CORN— Small round Yellow, ¦ $1 50; : Eastern
Yellow. ' $1 30@l 35; White, $1 30@l 37%; mixed,
$1 27%./ " - <•;¦: ¦ ' - '- ''
. RYE— 77%@82%c per ctl. . ' ¦ .. ;i-i.-.;V
. BUCKWHEAT— Is quqted at $1 63 per ctl,*ex
warehouse.' ¦•:• :':¦'- ,'
'-¦ Flour- and Millstuffs.
FLOUR— California '-Family j extras, - $3 25®
3 50, ': usual \ terms;! Bakers'; Extras, $3 15@3 25;
Oregon, r $2 50@2 75 1 per barrel '", for:, family | and
$2 7S@3 for bakers'; ; Washington. bakers*.. $2 75
©3.-. ..>.¦.-¦--¦-.••-;.¦.¦'.¦.•-..-,-¦•.: ¦>¦-,.,--,,-- ¦:
- MILLSTUFFS— Prices in sacks are as follows,
usual- discount to the^trade: Graham Flour,
$3 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour. $2 75; Rye Meal, {2 50;
Rice Floor, $7: Corn Meal, $3: ¦ extra ¦ cream do.
$3 75; Oat Groats,' $4 75: Hominy. $3 73@4; Buck
wheat ! Flour,'. $4@4 25: Cracked :- Wheat, . $3 50:
Farina. $4 50; Whole, Wheat Flour, $3 25; Rolled
Oats (barrels), $6 35@7 85; ¦i.ln;sacks,v.|6@7 50;
CHICAGO, June 3.— Disappointing cables, ai:
increase of • quantity > on passage and reports
of rains exerted a bearish Influence at the
opening of the wheat' market. Under liberal
offerings the July wheat opened %@'/£c lower,
at 74%<3 l 75c. Nearly all the wheat, put out
was taken quickly by a few commission houses
which apparently had instructions to buy ir
respective of crop conditions and thenceforth
the weather ceased to be a factor. -The crowd
that had sold early. . having learned where
their wheat was going, clamored to buy back
at the market. It was rumored that a large
commission house, said • to ' have bougHt ten
million. bUKhels of July last week, was pre
paring to execute a squeeze. This became the
ruling influence and July advanced sharply to
76%c. The temptation to take profits resulted
In a reaction to "G^c, but under bull support
and an unexpected big. decrease In the visible
the upward movement was resumed until 77c
was reached.' Here the leader; credited with
building the corner, put out 75.000 bushels and
for a moment the market declined Me. Hold
ers of long lines were obstinate, however, and
again the price ; advanc&d, shorts bidding to
78%c - At this price there was considerable
liquidation,' causing a Blight 'decline.' The
close was strong and 2*4@2%c higher. at ,77%@
77%c. -. ¦ :. -' ¦ '-¦¦;- ' . '
The corn market was as dull as .wheat was
active, but secured considerable, benefit from
the strength in wheat.. The close was steady
and Vic lower at 45c for the July option. ' -.
The oats market was .'. fairly ¦ active. . July
closed steady, a shade lower at 28V4c. ¦
. Provisions . were ' dull, ¦ but ! the dragging mar
ket was helped, by the strength In wheat. To
ward the close there was considerable selling
of; pork by ' commission .' houses. . July pork
closed 10c . lower; lard unchanged and ribs 5c
lower: ¦ : " . ' ' ¦;. '• • .. - ¦- ¦ • :<
The leading, futures, ranged as, follows:
Cash quotations j were -'as-, follows: -Flour,'
quiet; No. 2 spring wheat, -74c; No.' 2 red,- 76H
@77c : No: i 2 corn, -- 44H®44%c ; - No. \ 2 yellow,
41%(ft44"4c; No. 2 oats, 28%c; No. 2 white, 29%
(93014c; No. 3 white,; 28%@30"4c; good- feeding
barley. >46V4c: fair to . choice - malting/ 50@5Rc;
No. 1 flaxseed. $1.71; No. 1 Northwestern, $1 71;
prime, timothy. seed, J3 65: mess pork,* per bbl,
$14 55@14 GO; lard,. Her 100 lbs, $S 15@8 17H:
short ribs sides, (loone).' $7.73@7 85;. dry salted
shoulders (boxed). > 6%@7%c;,- short clear Bides
(boxed), $8 0508 15; -whisky,; basis' of 'high
wines. •?! 27.-. -.-"•.. ,- .';' --. -v.--V.; ¦-¦; :.' ; '[_ ;- : ., : .
Articles— - .-•"..¦ : . t Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels ............ \\. 20,000 - ;; r 17,000 .-¦
Wheat, bushels ¦...'... :.'... '..1%, 000 : /418,000 : :
Com; bushels. ........ ...... .981,000 i<. : 529,000 '¦
Oats/ i bushels „ ,......¦..".. ....927.000 •; '0' 368,000 i-
Rye, bushels '......¦..•....".... 8.000!' *-,'
Barley, bushels - ..V... ..:::..- 19,000/ •'..', -;'•'' 4,000/.,
On , the Produce Exchange ; to-day, the butter
LOCAL MARKETS.
Chicago Grain Market.
San Francisco and vicinity— Fair Tuesday;
hrlt-k westerly winds, with fog In the after
noon. ALEXANDER G. McADIK. '
'¦ Forecast Official.
, - DRIED FRUITS.
NEW YORK, June 3.— There were no new de
velopments "noted In the market for evaporated
apples, the yme characteristics prevailing that
were dominant all last week. The demand was
light and of unimportant origin at unchanged
prices. State common, 3@4*4c: prime, 4Vs@4%c;
choice, 5@5V:C, and fancy, 6<g6%c.
California dried fruits were inactive and nom
inally unchanged. ,
PRUNES— 3U®7c. •
APRICOTS— Royal, 7'/£@12c; Moorpark, 8%@
13c.
PEACHES-Peeled,. i:V£@20c; unpeeled, 6>/2@
10c. •
NEW YORK, June 3.— FLOUR— Receipts,
123,750 barrels; exports, 401,700. Fairly active
and firmer. ,
WHEAT— Receipts, 123.750 bushels;' exports,
401,588 bushels. Spot, steady; No. 2 red, 85>4c f.
o. b. afloat; No. 2, 82%c elevator: No. 1 North
ern Duluth. SSV4c f. o.- b. afloat (old): No. 1
hard Duluth, 92%c f. o. b., afloat. -Options
opened easy under disappointing : cables and
rains in the Northwest, but later turned very
strong on July wheat and advanced sharply.
The upturn was occasioned by rumors of a July
corner, heavy seaboard clearances, strong later
Continental cables and a big visible supnly de
crease. Closed firm at %c to lc net decline.
July. 80'6«x$l%c closed 81>,ic; September, 77 7-16
@7S<4c. closed 78%c. _¦
HOPS— Quiet.
HIDES— Firm. J -
WOOL-Dull. • • , ' . '
. COFFEE— Spot Rio, dull: No. 7 invoice. 6Uc:
mild, quiet; Cordova. , 8V*@12V4c. . -
Coffee futures closed quiet, with prices net un
changed to five points lower. ' Total sales were
14,250 bags. Including July. 5.2005. 25c; Septem
ber. 5.25c; October, 5.40c; December, 5. 60573. Me
SUGAR— Raw. quiet and easy; fair refining.
3 ll-16c; centrifugal, 96 test, 4Uc; molasses
su*-ar. 2 7-l£c. •
BUTTER— Receipts, 10,379 packages. Firm ;
creamery, 15@19c; factory, 11@13%c.
. EGGS— Receipts, 13,474 packages. Firm; West
ern regular packers, 12@13c: Western ' selected,
13@14c.
. i* Bid.Ask.| , Bid. Ask.
Alpha — 03
Alta -, 02 Kentucfc — 03
Andes 05 06 Lady Wash 01 —
Belcher 07 C9 Mexican 21 23
Best & Belcher 23 24 Occidental 03 04
Bullion ' 02 03 Ophlr 1 13 1 S»
Caledonia 53 65 Overman 22 Zl
Challenge Con.. 20 21 Potosl 12 11
Chollar.. 05 06 Savage 11 13
Confidence 70 73 Scorpion — 04
Con Cal & Va..2 40 2 45 Seg Belcher 01 OS
Con Imperial... — 01 Sierra Xe-rada. 14 15
Crown Point... 10- 12 Silver Hill 33 33
Eureka Con..., 06 ¦ — St Louts 6$ —
Exchequer — «l Standard 3 70 3 73
Rould & Curry. 08 09 Syndicate 06 —
Hale & Nor.... 20 21 Union Con, 21 22
Julia ........... — 02|Utah ...-. 05 (W
Justice 04 ,05 Yellow Jacket.. 17 IS
MONDAY, June 3— I p. m.
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
PRODUCERS* OIL EXCHANGE.
¦ Homing Session.
Board —
300 Junction 21
BOO Junction .... ......... ....i........... 20
100 Monarch or Arizona... ST.
100 Monarch of Arizona 34
450 Monarch of Arizona.' 33
200 Monarch of Arizona, a 90 33
100 Sterling ;... „.. 149
' ' ¦ . Afternoon Session.
Board — ...
200 California-Standard 27
1000 Four J4
100 Junction 29
600 Monarch of Arizopa. 33
100 Monarch of Arizona J 32
100 Mor.arch of Arizona,... 30
10O Monte Cristo 2 05
100 Monte Cristo. a 90 2 05
20 Peerless :................... 7 50
2000 Petroleum Center 05
200 Sterling 1 40
SAX FRANCISCO OIL. EXCHANGE.
Mornins Session.
Board—
1000 Lion 14
Afternoon Session.
Board — ' ; s
5000 Petroleum Center, a 90 '. 04
MINING STOCKS.
The following -were the sales in the San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
' Morning Session.
100 Caledonia 5? 700 Ophlr 1 00
300 Challenge Con.. 20 200 Ophlr 9»
200 Chollar 06 200 Savage - 13
330 Con Cal & Va..3 40 200 Sierra Nevada. IV
800 Gould &" Curry. OS 900 Union Con 21
1800 Mexican 19 100 Yellow Jacket.. 17
2500 Mexican 20 ., » .
Afternoon Session.
100 Best & Belcher 23 1600 Mexican ........ • 22
100 Challenge Con.. 23 1150 Ophlr I ID
400 Con Cal & Va..2 43 200 Savage 12
100 Con Cal b. Va..! 40 500 Sierra Nerada. 1*
50 Confidence 7S 300 Silver Hill". 31
100 Confidence ..... 78 100 Union Con...... 21
200 Crown Point... 11 200 Yellow Jacket.. 13
1500 Justice 041
- The following were the sales la tile Pacific
Stock Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
100 Best ft Belcher 22 50 Ophlr 9.»
BOO Best & Belcher 23 200 Ophlr 3d
300 Challenge Con.. 19 250 Ophlr 97
300 Challenge Con.. 22 1100 Ophlr 93
600 Chollar 03 1200Opnir 9 1 *
800 C C & Va....2 37tf 300 Ophlr 1 00
700 C C & Va 2 40 • 800 Ophir 1 02^
100 Confidence 75 400 Overman 23
400 Crown Point... 11 800 Potosl .......... 12
300 Gould & Curry. 08 ."CO Savage 12
600 Mexican 13 500 Sierra Nevada. 14
600 Mexican ......>. 19 500 Union Con 20
400 Mexican 20
/ Afternoon Session.
500 Belcher ...'. 09 800 Mexican ........ SO
500 Best & Belcher 23 600 Mexican , 21
800 Challenge Con.. 20 100 Ophlr 1 071*
200 Challenge Con.. 23 700 Ophlr 1 ID
20* Challenge Con.. 23 300 Ophlr 1 J3H
500 Challenge Con.. 21 *» Ophlr l 15
200 C C & Va....2 42*4 900 Potosl 11
500 Confidence ..... 75 300 Sierra Nevada. H
400 Crown Point... 11 300 Silver Hill 32
300 Crown Point... 10 200 Union Con 21
10OO Justice 04 200 Yellow Jacket.. 13
1300 Justice 03 •
Stocks of Grain.
Produce Exchange Grain Inspector Steller re
ports etocks of grain in warehouse and on
t* harf June 1 as i ollorrs, in tons.
r- —Wheat »
P. Cc*ta- Stockton City.
Mav 1 80,562 22,890 1,245
June 1 67.933 19.463 812
t Barley ¦ >
P. Cortai Stockton City.
May 1 13,Zt>9 2,907 2.883
Juno 1 8,739. 3.042 1.675
OF.ts. Corn. Bran.
May I.... 2,668: 114 67
June 1 1,458 58 132
Receipts In May were 11.4U tons barley, 645
do Oats, 241 do Com and 1445 do Bran.
Canned Apricots in England.
The London Grocers' Garette of May 18 says:
"California n fruits continue to meet a moder-
Bt<= demand, chief attention still being devoted
to the settlement of the duty question. A
merting of dealers and ethers interested In the
fanned goods trade was held on Thursday at
the London Chamber of Commerce. The pro
•t-cdings were not open to the press, but we
learn that a committee was formed and a let
ter drafted to the Chancellor of the Exchequer
protesting against the proposal to charge a
duty of 7s per cwt. on tinned apricots. We
understand that the cubtoms authorities con
tend that tinned apricots should have been
taxed under the heading of dried plums, etc.,
r-vfn before the imposition or the FUgar duty,
and that the omission to impose the taxation
war an oversight; but this is manifestly incor
i*ft. as fruit preserved 'in sugar* was exempt
ed prior to the sugar duty, the customs tariff
utatinj? •plums not i>ret«erved in sugar/ In
addition to this we ar<» informed that the ques
tion of payment of duty on plums preserved
in Mjpar was specially raised some years back,
duty being demanded by the customs, paid
under protest, and finally refunded."
Weather Report.
<K!0ih Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. June 3—5 p. m.
The following maximum temperatures were
reported from stations in California to-day:
Kureka 54 Lcs Angeles 6S
Han Francisco 62 Sacramento 92
Independence ....... 86 San Luis Oblspo.:... 72
XltA Bluff. 02 San Diego 64
Kresno 94
t»an Francisco data: Maximum temperature.
r,2; minimum. 51; mean. 56.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The pressure has fallen rapidly over Idaho
Hnd Montana. lt has risen slowly over the
valley of the Colorado. Warm weather pre
vails over California, except along the coast.
In the great valley* the temperatures are above
•¦*> dpere*s. with light northerly winds. The
weather Is excellent for ripening grain and
sruits.
F»r«»caFt made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight, June 4, 1901:
Northern California— Fair .Tuesday; continued
warm weather in the interior; northerly winds;
eoo! on the «-oa»t. with brisk westerly -winds.
JVnnhern California — Fair Tuesday; fresh
northerly wind**.
N'f-vada — Fair Tuesday: continued warm
wpather; light northwest winds.
t.'tah— Fair Tuesday, except cloudy in north
ern portion; light southeast winds. '.
Arizona — Fair Tuesday; continued -warm
wathrr: light ."southerly winds.
exchanged for bonds -.o be Jointly guaranteed
by Union Pacific, St. Paul, Great Northern
and Chicago and Northwestern. The specula
tion was largely based on • general considera
tions, such' as time has demonstrated that
the panic had effected no Impairment of the
prosperous business conditions, bo that with
the speculative losses adjusted a renewed ad
vance was In order. The unimpaired earning
power of the properties and the renewed accu
mulation of capital, it is argued, point to re
newed demand for securities. The belief is
prevalent that still further large readjustments
in the relations and holdings of the great rail
way systems, looking toward additional stabil
ity of conditions, are still in contemplation,
and it is argued that the panic in itself may
have facilitated efforts to concentrate holdings
of railroad securities with these ends In view.
An easier tone in the exchange market * indi
cated less probability of gold exports . this
week.
Bonds were active and strong In sympathy
with stocks. Total sales, par value, $4,7uo,0tx>.
United States bonds were all unchanged on
the last call.'
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Shares • Closing
Sold. Stocks— Bid.
65,400 A tchison : 87H
34,500 Atchi6on prefd ....: 104
6.600 Baltimore & Ohio .108
3,700 Baltimore & Oh'io prefd 9o
1.9uO Canadian Pacific 106V,
1,900 Canada Southern 71V*.
6,400 Chesapeake & Ohio . : .59
14,900 Chicago & Alton 47
900 Chicago & Alton prefd M>*4
4.900 Chicago Burlington & (Juincy WS^
7,60y Chicago Ind & Louisville '£><-
11,000 Chicago Ind & Louisville prefd ~i%
>^500 Chicago & Eastern Illinois 12s»
490 Chicago & Great Western 22*4
200 Chicago & Great Western A prefd. S2
2U0 Chicago & Great Western B pivld. 47
1,000 Chicago & Northwestern 202
5,600 Chicago Rock Island & Pacific 164
2.900 Chicago Terminal & Trans '22*4
3. UiO Chicago Terminal & Trans prefd 41
l,9uu «j C C & St .Louis bol«
11,000 Colorado Southern 16^
300 Colorado Southern 1st prefd 5274
' VuO Colorado Southern 2d prefd.. 24?i
4oO Delaware & Hudson I6SV2
200 Delaware Lackawanna & Western. .242
1.300 Denver & Rio Grande 49Vi
3,600 Denver & Rio Orande prefd 97U
T0,loi> Erie .....: 44U.
8,400 Erie 1st prefd : 71*4
6,100 Erie 2d prefd 5S>U
1,500 Great Northern prefd 1*6*4
1,200 Hocking Valley 54^
800 Hocking Valley prefd 7Svv
3,600 Illinois Central 143
1,100 Iowa Central ...: 45
., Iowa. Central prefd 62»i
300 Lake Eric & Western 60
....... Lake Erie & Western prefd 120
9,100 l^ouisville & NasMville 107%
13.100 Manhattan L .\.120M.
7,203 Metropolitan Street Railway 173*4.
L100 Mexican Central ............. 26%
• 2,200 Mexican National ll'.i
1M Minneapolis & St Louis — 97
32.100 Missouri Pacific ltftf
4,300 Missouri Kansas & Texas.. Z'l ?»
4,900 Missouri Kansas & Texas prefd 60V4
200 New Jersey Central 159>4
13,800 New York Central 158V4
4,900 Norfolk & Western .' 54.S
600 Norfolk &. Western prefd '. 89 •
100 Northern Pacific . 100
200 Northern Pacific prefd... 98
30.800 Ontario & Western 35U
60,200 Pennsylvania 150**
25,400 Reading 47V&- !
41.500 Reading 1st prefd 80'.4
23.101 Reading 2d prefd. 57*4.
3,000 St Louis & San Fran...: 47*4
600 St Louis & San Fran 1st prefd...... 86
3,100 St Louis & San Fran 2d prefd "2^4,
3.200 St Louis Southwestern.. 36
1,500' St Louis Southwestern prefd 66 ;
91,100 St. Paul 174% i
1,203 ht Paul prefd...... 190 I
145,500 Southern Pacific- .....59
102,100 Southern Railway '. 35U
23.400 Southern Railway prefd 87*,
38,100 Texas & Pacific 50
1,300 Toledo St Louis & Western 22
1,600 Toledo St Louis & Western pretd.. 3S
22,900 Union Pacific 114%
fi.300 Union Pacific prefd 9H4
13,200 Wabash : SM
12.7C0 Wabai=h_ prefd 44% •¦
3.200 Wheeling & Lake Erie 19
1.CC0 Wheeling & Lake Erie 2d prerd.... 3S*i
3,900 Wisconsin Central 21
200 -Wisconsin Central prefd 45
PCC&St Louis . 73%
i Ezrress Companies —
Adams ISO
American , ..188
200 United States 87
400 Wells Fargo 148
Miscellaneous — -
24,700 A malgamated Copper .'. 122% 1
5.700 American Car & Foundry.. 28V&
3,100 American Car & Foundry prefd."... 83 1
SCO American Linseed Oil 15% 1
100 American Linseed OH prefd 44 •
7.200 American Smelling & Refining 591s
3.&00 Am Smelting & Rennins prefd 99%
.31.W0 American Tobacco JS9 7 /i
6.900 Anaconda Mining Co : oO'Vi'
41,?00 Brooklyn Rapid Transit R2%
8,lf>0 Colorado Fuel & Iron .....101% ,
7,700 Consolidated Gas .22514 1
17,600 Continental Tobacco".. 68%
2.300 Continental Tobacco prefd.. 114
1,600 General Electric ...' 238
1.700 Glucose Susar 60%
7.100 Hooking Coal ." 20%
5,U>0 International Paper 24
3,VQ International Paper prefd .' 79*4
1,900 International 'Power ....- S3
100 . I^aclede Gas X 83' i
1,20'i National Biscuit 45V4 i
L'fiO National Lead i * 19 -
200 National Salt i 44%
400 National Salt prefd :.... 77
1.L00 North American 90
: Pacific Coast ....61 '
10,6(* Pacific Mail f 40Vi>
JS.SO0- People's Gas .-. 115*4
l,tW Pressed Steel Car '.;... 45V4
. 100 Pressed Steel Car prefd ;... S5Vi
200 Pullman Palac* Car.... ...,210V
7,'JOO Republic Steel 19*4.
3.400 Republic Steel. prefd 7s4»
ID4.W0 Sugar l£2%
4,900 Tennessee Coal & Iron.........:...... ei'a
300 TTnlon Bag & Paper Co J2%
1,200 Union Bag & Paper Co prefd.. 7OTs
39,600, United States- Leather. 14%
9,000 ITnitetl States Leather prefd 8lii
S',-0 TTnited States Rubber 21 •
ifO United States Rubber prefd......... 62V4
176,000 TJnitcd .States Steel........ 51^
54,UM) Un)te<l States Steel prefd 99J4
S.SC'O . Union 95
1,504,300 Phares eoW. .
CLOSING BONDS.
t* S refunding 2s |N T Cent .......... 108*
reg 106v; N J Cent gen 6s..l32'4,
do coup 10C?il Xorth- Pac. 8s.. 72Vi
do 3s reg ...109 j do 4b ; 10514
do coup". ....109 ' N Y C & St L 4S.107
do new 4s reg... 13s V: Norf & W con 4s. 102
do coup 13SV4 Or Nav lsts 109
d<> old 4s reg 112Va do 4s ....... ......102 : «,
do coup ..113v- Or.S Line 6s 127»i
do 5s reg :..10Hi do con 6s H6'/.
ao coup ...108*4 Reading gen 4s ... 97*
Dlst ot Col 3.G5s. .125%ln G Waists..'.... 101 '
AtchlBon gen 4s...lO3V4 St L & I M con Bs.llfi
do adj 4s 9<5 St L & S F gen 6s.l34
Can South 2dB 109- St Paul cons 184
Ches & Ohio 4 l / 4s..l07 St P C & Pac lsts 118W
do Be :..... '.....:. 120 do 5s .;.:....... 119
C & N W con ~s..U1Y 2 South Pac 4s....... 94
do S F deb &n..:.12l% South Ry 5s. .......us
Chi Term 4s 95% S Rope & T 6s.... 61 5
Colo South 4s . 8» Tex & Pac lsts 119
V) & R G 4s.. .....102% do 2ds ....I. ...... 99
Krie-ffen-4s....;.... M>H Union'Pac 4s :;...105*i
Ft W & D C lsts.lOS^ Wabash lsts ......U7U
Oen^Elec 5s .'.1S5<4 -do 2ds .;..,'..'.¦ lllS
Iowa Cent. lsU...115'/i Went Shore 4n ....113
L & Nash unl 4s..J0aH Wls Cent lsts S9 1 ,'
M K & T 2ds....;.'83»4 Va Centuries ..... %£¦
00 4» "....¦¦ S7?» , ¦ ¦. . " :¦¦' ¦ ¦ •
MINING STOCKS. -
Adams Con ; 20; Little Chief ........ 13
Alice ........: 40 Ontario ....;....... 8 00
Greece :„:......... -1 55'Ophir ...; «
Urunsrwlck Con :.: 14 Phoenix '....- " 11
Comstock : Tunnel.. 1 OS Potoel ..: •"•*' ni
Con Cal AVa:..... 2 20 Savage :...'. '".'k'"' {1
Dead wood .Terra .. 2 65 Sierra • Nevada. . " 111
Horn Sliver- 120 Small. Hopes '. to
Iron Silver ......;.. 60 Standard. ..'.....-..; 3 «
Ijeadvllle ¦ Con .;;, OS'- ¦• ¦,.-•" • . •
BOSTON STOCKS AND .BONDS. ¦
-Money— • ¦ West End ...:.... 94
Call loans ...3@4 • Westingh ; Elec 63&
lime loans 3%@>4>4 Bonds— •
Stocks— • N E O & CokeBs. 63
Atchison .88 Am'Tel 4s ....43
do prefd ...- 104' Mining shares— ¦ -
Am Sugar ......... ir>2?i Adventure ......;.. 18 ¦
Am Telephone..... 173 Bingham ........... 18
Boston & Albany. 254v4 Amalg Copper ....122%
Boston Elevated.. .182 Atlantic 32
Ropton & Maine.. .194-. Boston &• Mont ."...449
C B & Q... ...196 Butte & Boston....ll6
JUom Coal 33- Calumet & Hecla..83O
do'prefd ."....'... *115%1 Centennial ...30
U S Steel .......... 51^ Franklin ............ 17&
do. prefd 99} 8 Humboldt ...50
Mtchburg prefd ..145 Osceola.... 89^
Gen Electrio ...:..23C ' Parrot 54%
MexCent .......... 2SU Qulncy '...;.. ..170
N E G & Coke.... lOVi Santa Fe Copper.. 7/
Old Dominion- ..... 34% Tamarack 340
Rubber : 21 Utah Mining 31
Union Pacific 114% Winona : 8'
Union Land .'...... 3. Wolverines 57'
: Netu York Money Market. -
NEW TORK,.June 3.— Money on call, easy,
at 2%@3 : per cent; last- loan, 3 per cent;
prime mercantile paper, - 3%@4V4 per cent. Ster
ling- exchange, easy, with actual business in
bankers' bills at $4 SS 1 ,* for demand and $4 85®
4 85V6 for sixty days. Posted rates, $4 85% and
$4 S3; commercial bills. $4 84y,@4 85. Silver cer
tificates, nominally, 60c. Bar silver, 60c. Mex
ican'dollars, 48c. State bonds, inactive; Gov
ernment bonds, steady; railroad bonds, strong.
, v Condition of -the Treasury. . .
WASHINGTON, June 3.— To-day's statement
of the treasury balances in the general fund,
exclusive of the $150,000,000 gold reserve In the
division of redemption, shows: Available cash
balance. $164,183,780; gold. . $94,667,631.
London Market.
NEW YORK, June 3.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London- financial cablegram says: . -.
The tone of the stock market to-day was good
and business was considerably better than on
recent days of stagnation. It was in' the Ameri
can department, however, • that activity was
most marked, and these ' shares furnished the
bulk of business. . The buying of < Americans
went on steadily throughout- the session. Buy
ing for the American account was a feature,
but sagged off somewhat . toward the ' j close.
Prices rallied as a result of buying • on the
curb after the exchange closed. . The favorites
were Eries- and Southern Pacific, but the.feat
ure was easily United States Steel. Predictions
were that 'a. dividend of . 4 per. cent would be
declared on. the common s^ock next month.
Silver was harder.
CLOSING.
LONDON, June 3.— Atchison," 89% : ' Canadian
Pacific, ¦ 10S% : Union Pacific preferred, 95;
Northern 'Pacific preferred, 101%: Grand Trunk,
11%; Grand Trunk preferred,- 102U; Anaconda,
10%. , , .,.'-- - : .
Bar silver, firm, 27 5-16d per ounce.
Money, 2\* per cent!
Visible Grain Supply.
NEW .YORK, June 3.— The .visible supply of
grain Saturday, June 1, as compiled by the
New York Produce Exchange, Is as follows: .
Wheat 36.-95-l.0O0 bushels, decrease 3,130,000
bushels; corn, 16,143.000 bushels. Increase 1,092,
000 bushels; oats 11,218.000 bushels, increase
780, 000 bushels; rye, « 743,000 bushels. Increase
44.000 bushels: barley 822,000 bushels, decrease
239,000 bushels. ' . * . •
Silver firmer. Sterling Exchange weaker. • '¦'
Wheat futures active and steady. Barley dull and unchanged.
Oats, Corn and Rye as previously quoted.
Hay in very fair demand and steady. Feedstuff s unchanged.- •
Beans still dull, pending Government action.
Potatoes continue steady. Onions firmer. Vegetables unchanged.
Fine ranch Eggs a point higher. Butter and Cheese as before.
Watermelons appeared from Indio.
Increased receipts of Apples, Pears, Plums and Peaches.
Cherries in moderate receipt and very firm. •
Four cars of Oranges sold at auction.
Nothing new in Dried Fruits. :u.
Provisions in fair demand and steady.
Hogs easy, but not actually lower. Other meats unchanged.
Light trading on the local stock exchanges.
Four cars of Eastern Poultry arrived. v :
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL
miOlSc.for light medium,' 13%c for, light, 14tfc
for extra light and 15%c for sugar-cured: East
ern sugar-cured Hams. 12%@13c: Mesa Beef. »12
per barrel: extra Mess. $12 50; Family. $11 50 ;
prime - Mess Pork. 115; extra clear. ? $23; Mess.
$19; Smoked Beef, 13tf@14c per.lb. -
' LARD— Tierces Quoted at 6% a per.Ib for com
pound and 10@10«c for pure; half -barrels, pure.
wk®10%c; 10-lb tins. 1034©ll%c; 5-lb tins, 10%
OH3&C * . - - . - - - ' ' ." ¦¦ .-¦:.-
COTTOLENE— One half -barrel. . i- 8T4c; three
half -barrels, 8%c; one .tierce, 8%c; two tierces,
8%c; five tierces. 8%c per lb.^-
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops. -
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about VAc. under Heavy Salted
Steers, 9%@10c; medium. 9c; light, : 8©8%c: Cow
Hides. 8^c for heavy and 8%o for light; Stags,
6V4c-" Salted Kip. 9c; Salted Veal,' 9@9i4c: Salted
Calf, 10c; Dry Hides, 15%c@16c; Culls, 13Vs@14c;
Dry Kip, 16c; Dry Calf, 16@17c; ¦ Culls and
Brands . 13@14c; Sheepskins, shearlings, ¦ 15@30c
each; short Wool, 30@50c each; medium, 6O@75c;
long Wool, 80c@$l each; Horse Hides, • salt. $2 50
for large and ?2@2 23 for medium. $1@1 23 for
small and 50c for Colts;' Horse Hides, dry, $175
for large, $1 25 for medium, $1 for small and 50c
for Colts. 1 Deerskins — Summer or red skins, 85c;
fall or medium skins," 30c; winter or thin skins,
-20c. Goatskins— Prime Angoras, 75c; large and
smooth,' 60c; medium. 35c." * ¦ --'^tr'**©!***^
"TALLOW— No. 1 rendered.- 4%@5c per lb; No.
2, 4@4Uc; grease, 2®2V4c -- ,
WOOL— Spring. 1900 or 1901— Humboldt and
Mendoclno, 14@15c per lb:' Northern, free, 12®
13c; defective, 9@llc: Middle County, free. 10'tf
lie:- do, ¦ defective, 8@10c; Southern. 13 months,
8@9c; Southern, free. 7 months, 7@10c:; do, de
fective, 7 months. 7©8c;- Oregon Valley, fine.
14@15c; do, medium and coarse. 13314c; Oregon,
Eastern, choice, 11313c; do, fair to good, 9@llc;
Nevada, 10«J12c. / . . .
HOPS— 15©20c p«r Ib.>.
San Francisco Meat Market.
¦ While there Is 'no further change In Hogs the
feeling Is ! easy, and only choice lots | bring the
top quotations. The other meats are . un
changed. • : "a » '.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows: - v " •¦ -. ¦ - .
BEEF— TQV&c for Steers . and 6@8&c ¦ per lb
for i cows. ¦- •
VEAL— Large, 7%©8c; small, 8®9c per lb. •
Wethers. 7®7%c; Ewe8.,6HS7c p«r
'pound. ' ~- " ' * ¦ '
'- LAMB— Spring, 8®9c per poond.
PORK— Live Hogs,. 180 Ibs.and under. 6V4®
6 Vic; 180 to 225 lbs, WVic: 225 and over. 5H®6c;
feeders. - — ; dressed Hogs. 7%@9Hc
¦ General Merchandise,
I GRAIN BAGS— San Quentln Bags, $5 65; Cal
, Grain Bags. 7%@7%c;' local make. He less than
Calcutta^; Wool Bags, 3OE-34c; Fleece Twine,
;7i4@8c. / ': • / . - ' '¦*':. ' .
COAL— Wellington,. t $9 per : 4 ton; Southfleld
Wellington, $9; Seattle, $7; Bryant. $6 50: Coos
Bay, $5 50; Wallsend. -$9; Co-operative Walls
end. $3 ;¦ Cumberland, $12 in bulk and $13 25 In'
eacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $14; Can
nel,-$10 per ton: Coke. $15 per ton in bulk and
'$17 in sacks;. Rocky Mountain descriptions,
$8 45 per 2000 pounds and $S 50 per ton, accord
ing to brand. - . • - . /
OILS— California Castor Oil, in cases. No. J.
75c;. pure. $130; Unseed Oil, in barrels, belled,
7oc;raw,- 73c; cases, 5c -more; Lard Oil, extra
winter strained, barrels, 80c; cases, 85c; China
Nut; 53@63cper gallon ; pure Neatsfoot Oil,
barrels, tiac: cases, 70c; Sperm, pure, 65c;
Whale Oil, < natural white, 37Vi@42V4c per gal
,lon;^Fish Oil, in barrels. 35c; cases, 40c.
COAL OIL— Water White • Coal Oil, in bulk.
12y.c; Pearl Oil, in cases, 18}&c; -'Astral. -UVic;
Star, • 18%c; Extra Star, 22V4c; Elaine. 23Vfcc;
lfiocene, SOHc: deodorized stove Gasoline, la
bulk, 15c; in cases. 21c; Benzine," in bulk, 14c;
In cases, 20c; 86-degree ' Gasoline, in bulk, 20c;
in cases, 26c.
TURPENTINE— 55c per gallon In cases and
49c In drums or iron ttorrels.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, per lb. In 100-Ib bags: .
Crushed, S.ISc; Powdered, 5.85c: Candy Gran
ulated, 5.85c: Dry Granulated, 5.75c; Confec
tioners' A. 5.73c: Fruit Granulated. 5.75c; Mag
nolia A, 5.33c: Extra C. 5.25c; Golden C, 5.15c:
barrtls, 10c more; half-barrels, 25c more; boxes,
EOc more; 50-lb bags, 10c more. No orders taken
lor Ies3 than 75 barrels or Its equivalent.
Dominow, half-barrels. 6.50c; boxes, 6.75c per lb.
Receipt* of Produce.
FOR MONDAY. JUNE 3. '
Flour, qr sks . 27.92T Chicory, bbls...lv 43
Wheat, ctls '.. 2,78' Sugar, ctls........ 3,000
Barley, ctls....... 4,35* Quicksilver, flsks ' 2>i
Corn. East, ctls.- 500 Leather, rolls.... 201
Rye,- ctls.: 400 Pelts, bdls.: 73
Colons, ctls...../. 473 Hides. No..:......- ' 70")
Potatoes, -ska.."... 2,190 Brandy, gals..... 3,75ft
Bran, sks 1,430 (Vine, gals 92 750
Middlings, sks... 220, Lime. bbls........ 273
Hay. tons. 4«Uvool. bales 52
Tallow, ctls 202
WASHINGTON. " '
Wool, bales 183 f Flour; qr sks..... 4.572
STOCK MARKET.
¦ jsusiness was ami on me morning session or
the . Bond ¦ Exchange and prices showed no
change ' worthy of note. .-. *
There was nothing new in the afternoon.
The only noteworthy change in oil stocks
was a decline in Monarch to 33c. Cl
The Alaska Packers' Association will pay
its ninetieth, dividend of 75c on the 12th.
The Pacific Gas Improvement Company will
pay the-, usual monthly dividend of 30c per
share,, or $3600, on the 10th. ]
The I San Jose Water Company will pay a
dividend of SOcper share on the 10th. " >
- The semi-annual interest on $1,000, COO of the
S per cent bonds " of the Los Angeles-Pacific
Railway Company will become payable on,
June 10 and amounts to $25,000. i
.The 5Cc per share dividend by the California
street Cable Company will be paid on the 12th.
The dividends of the 1-resldlo Railroad Com
pany are now 15c per chare,- instead, of 10c.
STOCK AUD ~iOND~ EXCHANGE.
; , ¦¦
MONDAY, June 3—2 p. m.
UNITED STATES BONDS. • ¦
¦ pfliis^ Bid.Ask.[- . - Bid.Ask.
4s quar reg 113H114H 4s qr cp (new)138V4139»i
4a quar coup..ll2ViH3Vi !3s quar coup. .103 110
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS. , " •
Bay Co P C 5slO4% — Oceanic j... 102 ' —
Cal-st 5s :....117%— ' Omnibus R 6s — —
C C Water 5s.l09%110*i Pac G Imp 4s. — 100
Ed L & P 6s.. 128^4133^ Pk'&.C H.6s.lO7^ —
Fer & Cl R 6sll6%113 Pk & O R 6s. 117 —
Geary-st 5S.... — — Powll-st R 6s.l2) —
H& C S 5%s.lO6tf r- ' Sac B G R 5s.'— 100
Do 5s ..101 1C2V5 S F.& SJV.5s.l20% —
Los Ang R-os.112% — Sierra Cal 6s. — 110
L A Light 6a. — 102 S P of A, 6s - -
Do -. gntd 6s. ->- 104, "(1909) ........ 113%113%
1X> gntd 5S..100 — (1910) ........ 114% —
L A & Pac 5S.102M1M S P of C 6s .' - .
Do 1 c m 5slO2%— ' {1905). Ser A.108 109
Markt-st C 6s. — 127& (1PO5>. ser B. 107% —
Do 1 c m 5s. 122^4 — <1906) 111
Nev Co R 7s. —>. 113% (1912) .-... — ViS
Nor R Cal Cs. — 114H S-P of Cal 1st ';¦¦-'*.• ¦•*.
Do 5s ¦....;. -..118^119% cp gntd g Ss.105 r —
Nor. Pac C-6S.100 — . SPBr Cal 6s.l33 r —
> Do 5s ........108 108% S V Water 63.112% — -
Nor Cal :R 6s. 110 >. — Do 4s .-.102Vil02?i
Oak Gas, 5s... 112 — ' r|o 4s. 5d m.101% —
Do Tran 6s.ll6^11"ii Stktn Gas 6s.lOO — '.'¦
-Do Wat 5s. .105 — J . • ;
•;•' WATER ¦ STOCKS. - -
Contra Costa.. — .» SO 'I Spring Valley. 86 86*i
Marih County. 52% — ¦ I .' -,t • —
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent L & P... 3 — Pacific Lt 47 43%
Equitable ..... :3\i '— ' Sacramento':.. —
Mutual- :... 4Vi — S F G.& E... 36H S&a.
Oakland ...... 60 51, San Francisco 4
Pacific' Imp .. — .35 . Stockton — • \
INSURANCE.
Flrem's. Fund. 233 " — / . ¦ ...
:,'.. ¦ . ':..¦- BANKS. ¦ . ' .
Anglo-Cal .... 77 81 L/P-& A.. ....147 —
California .... 408%410 Mer Ex (llq).. 16 —
Cal- Safe Dep.107% — .. S F* National. 120 ' —
First Nat ....309 315 - '
; . SAVINGS BANKS. > "¦ . , ¦ ¦ .
German- ......1900 — j Sav gt Loan... .- — .
Humboldt .... — ' .. .— . 'Security 275 '« .!_' .
Mutual s.::;..f 50 — , [Union Trust.-.1400 — .
San Franclsco.520 , 550 .' ¦/, „»
¦ : STREET RAILROADS.
'California -..'.. 125 135. O S L & H.../40 '-H *
Geary ........... — .40'' Presidio ... 24' 27 *
Market... 70:70%" , - . ,
v , POWDER.
Giant 76H — " JVIgortV ........ j jii
/ . ¦ SUGAR. .' , . . ;' . .
Hana ......... "7% 8 Kllauea : ....... IT is"
Hawaiian ...:. 50 . 62»4 Makawell ...r. 88% —
Honokaa ...... 21 — [ Onomea .;..'.; 20 !2U
• Hutchlnson :..;—, — ¦'¦ * Paauhau ...:.. 28 28U
: : '- ,; MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS' -
Alaska Pack. .127 ; 127% Oceanic S S . 43 _
Cal Fruit Can. 95 ' — Pac Aux F Al 2 ' —
Cal Wine Asn. 100 — Pac C Borax. 1$5 —
Mer Ex ..'.....110: — .- Par Paint :... 16 — •
•: Mornin- Session." ~^- *¦ - -
--Board — ••¦¦•, .- ¦.--. - . ;¦, ". -; ; ¦'.
' 25 Alaska' Packers' Association * im •k ' '
,- 25 Contra Costa Water. ..... ¦ '• m ?, ,
,20 Contra Costa Water, s 90.. '"'""¦"' en m
70 Contra Costa Water.:;. .:....'¦- ,o« 7%
;¦¦•- 15 Honokaa '3 Cor. .-.....;- - " 2? XX
•. .'• 50 Hutchinson-S P Co "-'-''. *f JJ '
i 100 Makawell ....... /.-..;. V.V.V: : '"" « sV
AlO Market-street Railway ....[.^''"" ?n %
."30 Pacific: Coast 3 Borax..:.'.....: i« no "
35 SF Gas & Electric Co..'... : ."" v "" sf ka
,;; to Spring .Valley Waters. .r... ;"."*"^S 2?
v - 2 Spring, Valley Water.: ;."""' gfi 00
J: - -. .Street-- •',.'..-.¦,. > : . , . ".V," :'.*• °° ;
200 California Wine Association...; »;' 100 00
50 Spring Valley Water... ....;V-J.. ;.-..;¦. m 25"
¦'•';, ¦ •;**- 4^JjJ Afternoon Session. .'¦'-'¦"" . .- . -,v
$4000 Bay 'Counties, Power Co. Bs." in* 7s
r 10 Glanf Powder Con.'.........; "V"" 1 "* '»
: 70 Hutchin3onS!P- Co. .'...• " Ik S\
V 45 S FGaa & Elec#lc Co.... '.'.'.¦ « Sn
40 S F Gas & ElectVIC Coll" Hf X " a| wm.
.¦> 25 S F Gas .t Electric Co. b 3o" " " " ¦'*- M 121
10 S F Gas'&'Electrlc Co ?b 10 I!::" 86 lii2
65 Spring ;,Valley « Water. .': . :¦- ;v ..•;:/ S 25
> =2 Spring 'Valley Water...'.:.:.... *•'•«« m
$5000 Spring : Valley , 4a bonds ! <2d mtge> "lQ-» v»
«30OO SP g rin^jVfi.ll e y 4a bonds i «d StfeKilOS 75
= 100 HutchlnsohiS P.iCo....r. i - v -* r - - 19*25,
WCC0.Lo3.Anseles-PaclncR B ; bond«.";. ; .'.'l03 00 ".
market was strong ; creams, 14@18V4c ; 1 dairy,
14@16c. Cheese, steady; -¦ 9@10%c. -¦. Eggs, ; ll%c.
.' Foreign Futures.
. .LIVERPOOL. '''¦¦-..
Wheat— July. Sept.'
Opening ........ .:........... 5 11% 5 11%
Closing \. ........'.. ...'5 11% 611%
: '-Li' ' ' fv --PARIS. ¦¦ - ' " ., ' ¦¦¦'_-¦
Wheat— v ¦.-•• June. Sept.-Dec.
Opening .......... ........ 20 10 20 70
Closing ; 20 25 .20 95:^
¦ Flour— - - - ...--. .
Opening... ' 25 05 26 55 •
Closing. -....;; .25 10 .26 80
v Chicago Livestock Market.'
CHICAGO, June 3.— CATTLE— Receipts. 22,
000. ,' Steers strong, active and a shade higher.
Butchers stock steady. Good to prime " steers,
$5 50@6 15; poor to medium, $4 55@5 45; stockers
and feeders slow $3@4 80; cows, $2 85@5; heif
ers, $3@5 25; canners, |2 15®2 80', bulls, $3@4 40;
calves, ; $4 50@6: .Texas fed steers, $4 20@5 20;
Texas bulls, $2 75@3 90. * • ' ¦ ¦" . ' ' -
HOGS— Receipts to-day, 44,000; to-morrow,
25,000^ estimated; left over, 3000. Opened easy,
closed strong,- active. Top, $5 97% ; mixed and
butchers, $5 65@5 92H ; ¦ good to choice heavy,
$5 75@5 97%; rough heavy. J5 60@5 70; light, *3 60.
@5S7^; bulk of sales $5 80® 5 90. . ¦-. ; .*
SHEEP— Receipts, 19,000. Steady to slow,
lambs weak, yearlings about steady. Good to
choice wethers. $4 25@4 50; fair to choice mixed,
$4 10@4 35; Western sheep. $4 30@4 50; yearlings.
$4 70; native lambs S4@5 60; Western lambs,
$5@5 60. . , . .. '. '
California Fruit Sales.
CHICAGO, June 3.— Earl Fruit Company
sales California fruit: Cherries— Black Tartar
ians, 75c to $1 55 box; Blgareaus, $1 to $1 40;
Governor Wood, 85c to $1 15. Apricots— Royals,
U 10 to $1 75 single crates. Peaches— Alexander,
$105 to $146 box; Brlggs Early May, $105 to
$110 box. 7 ¦:¦¦ ' •' ' • ¦•¦''•- '
Porter Bros, sales: Cherries— Royal Annes,
$1 75 to $t 80; Republicans, $1 65; Tartarians, 80c
to $1 60; Bigareaus, 60c to $1 15; Cleveland, 55c;
Rockports, 45c to $115; Governor Wood, 75c to
$1 20. Peaches-Alexanders, $1 to.$l 30. Plums
— Clymans, $1 40 to $2; Cherry, 70c to 80c.' Ap
ricots—$1 20 to $1 85; Newcastle, $1 05 to $1 10.
NEW YORK, June 8.— Porter Bros. Company
sales California fruit: Cherries— Royal Annes,
$1 20 to $155; Republicans, $110 to $185; Tar
tar ians. 65c to $2 30: Bigareaus, $1 15 to $170;
Governor. Wood $125; Rockports, 75c to $120.
Peaches— Alexander, $1 25 to |2 25; Governor
Garland. $2 05. Plums— Clymans. $1 75 to $2 50.
Apricots— Roya-1, $1 50 to $2 40; Gold Dust, $1 80
to- $S 65; Newcastle. $1 20 to ?1 40; seedlings,
$1 60 to $2 15. - . - ...
Earl Fruit Company sales: Cherries— Black
Tartarlans. $1 30 to $2 20 box: Royal Anne, $1 30
to $1 90. Apricots— Royals, $1 50 to $2 30 single
crates; seedling. $1 50 to $2 20. Peaches—Alex
ander, $1 25 to $1 70 box.
. . New York Metal Market.
' . NEW 'YORK, June 3.— The market locally
to-day was an Irregular one. Opening weak
and about 55 points lower In sympathy with
the depression abroad and on bearish monthly
statistics, rallied ¦ later in the day on local I
covering, ' bringing values back to about 23
points, at which level the market closed steady
in tone, with spot tin quoted at $28. In Lon
don values were reduced about £2 since last
Friday, spot closing at- £128 12s 6d and futures
at £126 12s fid. An increase in tin of 563 tons
was shown in the American visible supply of
this month. Copper in London declined 3s 6d
under liquidation and closed easy in tone at
£69 6s for spot and £C9 15s on futures. The
situation locally was dull at 17c for Lake Su
perior and 16%c for casting and electrolytic.
Exports of copper for the month of May footed
up 10,920 tons, making the total for the first
five months 39.897 tons, against a total for the
same period last year of 69,723 tons, a decrease
of 29,826 tons.- Lead., while ruling steady, re
mains unchanged at $4 37% for lots of fifty tons
or over. In London prices were last quoted at
£12 6s 3d. Spelter was a shade steadier here
and five points higher on asking rates, clos
ing at 1*3 93©4 05, while at London values
¦ were unchanged; The easier undertone mani
fested in iron was the result of the lack of
a demand, but prices were without change,'
though in the buyers' favor. Plgiron war
rants, $9 50010 50; Northern foundry, $15 25<f?
16 SO; Southern foundry. ?U<S15 00; soft South
ern, $13@15 50. Glasgow warrants closed at
53s Sd and Middlesboro at 45s Cd.
. ' Nczv York Cotton Market.
. NEW YORK. June 3.— The opening was quiet,
i with prices about one point higher to three
points lower. At noon the market was .weak
and irregular, with July having been down to
778, August to 728 and October to 701. The
close was quiet and steady, with prices net
4®7 points lower.
-' Foreign Markets.
LONDON/ June . 3.— Consols, 93% ; silver, . 27
9-16d ;' French rentes, lOlf 30c; cargoes on pas
sage, quiet and steady; cargoes No. 1 standard
California. 30s; cargoes Walla Walla; 30s; Eng
lish country markets, dull; Import into United
Kingdom, wheat, 234.000; Import Into United
Kingdom, flour. 259,(100; wheat and flour on
passage to United Kingdom, 3.270,000; wheat
and flour on passage to "Continent, 1,980.000;
Indian shipments wheat to United Kingdom,
28, 0CO quarters; Indian' shipments wheat to
Continent. 1000 quarters.
LIVERPOOL, Jime. 3.— Wheat, firm; No. 1
standard California, 6s 2d@6s 2^d; wheat In
Paris, weak; flour in Paris, weak; French
country markets, steady; Weather in Eng
land, o\-ercast. t
COTTON— Uplands, 4 13-32d.V
CLOSING. '
LIVERPOOL, i June 3. — WHEAT— Spot,
steady: No. 2, red Western winter, 5s ll^d;
No. 1 Northern spring, 6s Id: -No. 1 California,
6s l%d. Futures, quiet; July, 5s ll%d; Sep
tember, 5s HVid. • •
CORN— Spot American mixed, new, steady,
4s- do old, quiet. 4s 2%d. Futures, quiet; July,
3s ll%d: September, 3s ll%d.
HOPS— At London:. Pacific Coast, £4@£4 13s.
N Northern Wheat Market.'
; OREGON.
PORTLAND, June 3.— WHEAT— Walla Wal
a> . ' WASHINGTON. • ,
' TACOMA, June 3.— WHEAT— Quiet; blue
stem. 61%c; club. 59^c.
Pearl Barley. $5; Spilt Peas, $5; Green Peas,
*6 60 per 100 lbs. - . ¦; .:
Hay and Feedstuff s. i<u- ,
The Hay market seems to* be in better! shape
than anticipated."' Good Hay,'!- both . old^and
new, Is steady, y Sales of 1 1 car [ of new j club
Wheat at $9 5<f and ¦ 2 cars volunteer. Oat,"
¦ damaged by; rain, at $6.' * The: receipts of the
crop of 1900 In this city : for the year,' ending
.July 1, will be about- 165.000 tons, or 20,000
tons more :. than ever before; and yet ' all this
Hay has been; disposed -of, at steady :- prices.^
Dealers are much encouraged by this showing,
and . are feeling more confidence In the future.
It Is thought that almost all • of the . early vol
unteer has been spoiled by the late rains, . but
the sown Hay has mostly escaped.
'.There Is nothing new In Feedstuffs. " .
BRAN— $17@18 per ton. . :
MIDDLINGS— *17@19 50 per ton.. '
- FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled I Barley, $17018 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill, $25@26; Jobbing.
$26 50-; Cocoanut Cake, *17@18; . Corn . Meal,
$27 50@28; Cracked Corn, $28 50@29 ; Mixed Feed.
$15@16. . • . ' . : ' ¦ .
HAY— New,'? $6@9 50; old is quoted as fol
lows: Volunteer. $5@8: AVheat. $11@13; Wheat
and Oat, $9@12; Oat, $9@11 50; Clover, nominal;
Alfalfa J8@9 50; Barley, $7-50@9 50 per ton.'
STRAW— 25@47V4c : per bale. • ¦.„.'•
Beatis and Seeds.
Dealers are still in the dark as to the quan
tity ef ' White Beans - wanted ; by ! the • Go'wern
ment, and until they find out "the market will
continue more . or less nominal. ' I ' : V ' /
BEANS— Eayos,$2 45@2 60; Small White. $4 80
@5; Large White, *4@4 20; Pink.' Jl 40@l 70;
Red, $3@3 25; Blackeye. $3 10©3 25;Limas. *6 25
@6 35; Pea, nominal; Red Kidney,- $4 75 per ctl.
SEEDS — Brown 'Mustard,- nominal;. Yellow
Mustard, nominal; Flax. $2 50@3; Canary, SMip
3*4c for Eastern; Alfalfa, nominal: Rape, 2Q
2%c: Hemp. 3%c; Timothy/ 6%c. , • v.
DRIED PEAS— Niles, »2®2 50; Green. $2 70®
Z per ctl; Blackeye, nominal. • ." :-.;¦
Potatoes, .Onions \ and Vegetables.
, New . Potatoes In boxes sold higher, .but
prices for sacks showed . little change. - Old
Potatoes etood about th» same. ,
Onions were firm at a slight improvement in
prices. - The last Australian steamer came In
without any. - ..<•-... . ¦- •¦•-. ;.-.
There was nothing new worthy of remark
In Vegetables, the market being well supplied.
¦ POTATOES— Burbanks, 6ftc@$l for River and
$1 35@1 65 for Oregon; Sweets, 65@75c for.Mer
ced; New Potatoes, $1 50@l 75 in Backs' and
$1 25®2 in boxes. _ " ¦". >
ONIONS— Australians, jobbing, at $4@4 25:
New Red. 40@65c per sack; ; New Yellow, fl(&
1 2a per ctl. ' -.- "'•:¦ '¦ *•''¦..'
VEGETABLES— Rhubarb, 35c@?l per box;
Asparagus, $1 76@2 for large, $1 23@1 50 per
box for No. 1 and 50c@$l for No. 2 ; Green
Peas, 75c@Jl 50 per sack; String Beans. I4@fic;
Cabbage, 6C@75c per ctl: Tomatoes, « Mexican,
nominal; from Los Angeles, 50c®$l; from Win
ters, 85c(ft*l; Dried Peppers. 12@18c; Dry Okra,
15c per lb;- Carrots, .250:35c per sack; Marys
ville Cucumbers. $1@1 60. per. box; Winters,
$1 50; Garlic 4@5c for new; Green Peppers.
10@20c per lb for Chile and — -for Bell; Egg
Plant, 7@12%c per. lb;. Green Corn, lo@-30c per
dozen: Summer Squash. '50c@$l per box; Bay.
do, $1 5O@2. -¦-...-¦
Poultry and Game.
The week, opened with four cars of Eastern,
sales being made at $4@4 50 for Hens, . $4 50 for
old Roosters and Fryers, • $2@4 ' for • Broilers,
$175 for Pigeons 'and Squabs, $3@3 50 for old
and $4 50 for young Ducks, $1@1 25 for Geesa
and 8@12c for Turkeys. .' • ... . ¦ . , "
Local Poultry was nominal,' as usual on Mon
: day. ¦-¦ ¦ ¦ .-. .-;:..--. • ' . .'•¦¦ "
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, 8@9c for Gobblers
and 10011c for Hens; Geese, per pair, $1.23<ti>
1 50; Goslings, $1 2561 50; Ducks,' $3 50@4 for
old and $4@5 for young; Hens, $3 50@4 50;
yourer Roosters. $6 50@7 50; old Roosters, $3 50
(Hi; Fryers. $4 50@5 50; Broilers, $3@4 for large
and $2 25@2 75 for small: Pigeons, $1 25@1 50
per dozen for old and $1 25@1 50 for Squabs. •
GAME— Hare, $1S?1 25; Rabbits, *1 25@1 50 for
Cottontail and 75c@$l for Brush.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.-
The Dairy" Exchange advanced Its p»iees for
ranch Eggs ' and lowered those for the lower
grades. There was little change on the street,
dealers reporting a liberally supplied and steady
market,' 1 the only variation being a fractional
advance in fine ranch. There is no lack of
supplies. .
Cheese continues plentiful and unchanged.
There are still a few lingering northern or-'
ders'for Butter on the market, but they will
be exhausted in a week or ten days. After
that the course of the market will be uncer- i
tain. At present the situation remains pre
cisely the same as for a week back. !
Receipts were 62,700 pounds and 149 tubs of
Buttuy. 965 cases of Eggs, cases Eastern
Eggs. 10.250 pounds California Cheese and — -
pounds Eastern Cheese.. ..' . .--..'.• .
; - t OPEN MARKET QUOTATIONS.
BUTTER— Creamery. 17V£@lSc per lb for
fancy and 16&@17c for, seconds; dairy,' 14@16>ic
per lb. ¦ -,¦•¦-..¦' , • ."'
CHEESE — New, S@Sc: old. nominal ; Young
Americas. 9lS10c
I EGGS— Ranch, 14',{.<gl6Uc for good ".to fancy;
store, 12V£W13V4c per dozen. •
DAIRY EXCHANGE QUOTATIONS.
BUTTER— ¦ ' ' :' " -
Creamery — Extras, ' 17c; firsts, ' 16c; seconds.
Dairy— Extras, 16c; 'firsts, 15c; seconds, 14c;.
store, 13c.
CHEESE— Fancy, full' cream, Sc; . choice.
7%c; common, nominal; Young Americas, 3&c;
Eastern, full cream, 13@16>~c per lb. ¦ ¦¦
EGGS— ~ r .
California Ranch— Selected White, 15c; mixed
colors, 13c per dozen.
California Gathered— Selected, 12V4c; stand
ard, 12c; seconds, lie :
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Porter Bros, report the receipt of two "crates
of Indio Watermelons, which are held at $9@
12 per dozen.
Four cars of Oranges were auctioned, as fol
lows: Fancy Navels, $1 15@2 40; standard do,
75c?i$l 20; Seedlings, 95c@$l 25;. fancy Valen
cias, $2 5<XB-2 70. . , .
All citrus fruits are quiet, though Oranges
are firm ' under moderate stocks. Lemons and
Limes continue in large supply and weak. . ,. .
•The week opened with, a marked Increase in
the receipts of -Apples, Pears, Plums- and
Peaches and prices for these descriptions had
a downward tendency in consequence. Cher
ries continued to bring good prices and Royal
Annes are eagerly: sought for on canning and
pickling account. I Most of yesterday's .Cher
ries were cracked and decayed, sound stock
being scarce. • • . ',_..'
All berrie3 sold well*. at" good .prices. . . .,
Figs from Yuma brought $2@3 per crate. ¦
• DECIDUOUS FRUITS.
A PPL.KR— Eastern. $1 5CS1 75" per box: .local
new, 40©50c per small and S5c@$l 25 per large
box, and 40(RS0c per basket. .. \ '•• . ¦
APRICOTS— 60c@$l per box »and * 60c@$l per
crate.'.' ' ¦ ¦ : . ¦ , .-..'• . " . V - i"
CHERRIES— 50@85c for dark and 7Sc@$l for
Royal Anne; in bulk, 3@7c per lb for black,
2<S4c for red and 5<iJ8c for Royal Anne. - (
' PLUMS— oO@S3c per crate for Clyman and
$1 25@1 50 for ¦ Tragedy. ' '/ •: ¦ ..
PLUMS— 35®60c per box. !
PEACHES— 40c(g$l per box and 75c@$l per
basket.- .: ; ¦¦-¦•¦::
PEARS — <CKg75c per box. '. ' • , ¦ ¦
STRAWBERRIES— $9@12 per chest for Long
worths and^$4@7 ; for large berries. Receipts
were 219 chests and 105. crates. The latter sold
at $1 25@1 50 per crate. ' ; - ¦-¦
IX)GAN BERRIES— $6@8 per chest. '. ' ' •
BLACKBERRIES-^$S per chest; from New
castle, $1 50 per crate; from Fresno, $1- per
crate. ¦ - ¦ ¦ ¦¦¦• • ¦ ¦ ¦: "¦ V -•- . H
RASPBERRIES— $7@9 per chest; from New
castle, $1 25 per crate. - . • ' • ~ •
GOOSEBERRIES— 25@35c. per drawer and 2@
@3%c in bulk; English, per lb. • .-->•-.
, CURRANTS— $2 B0@5 per. chest.'-;; "i- ¦
/• CITRUS FRUITS— Navel Oranges,- Jl@2 50;
Seedlinxs, B 75ciMJl 50: -Mediterranean hwceta,
75c@$l 75; Tangerines, 50c@$l 25;' Lemons, 75c
&tl 25 ' for common and $1 5U@Z 60 for good to
choice; Grape Fruit, 50c@$l 50; Mexican Limes,
$4@'4 50: Banana?, $1 5C@2 60 per -bunch ' for
New Orleans andjl@2.for Honolulu; Pine
apples, $2@4 ¦ per . dozen. . •* ¦ '; ,:
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
There Is nothing new "; to report, either here
or in the East, the market continuing .dull. .,'
"¦ FRUITS — Apricots, B@7Hc for Royals ; Evapo
rated Apples,- 4®6c; sun-dried," l%@2c; Peaches,
8%©4 for standard; 4%@5VSc for choice and tQ
6%c for fancy; Pears, 2@7c; Plums, : pltted, r 3@
4c; unpttted.'ligiMtc; Nectarines,' 4@4V4c for. red
and 4»5c for white. -<!¦:>" - . . : „ .... .. .;
- PRUNES— 4 sizes, 3c; 40-50«, 6%c; 50-60s,~4%c;
60-7C8, 3%c;: 70-80S, 8&c; 80-90s, 2%c; 90-100s,
2Uc; 10O-120S, l%c. > •;.'-;- .
RAISINS— The Raisin ' Growers'^Association
has established the following prices : Bleached .
Thompson's -fancy, • 12c : per 'lb;- choice, lie;
standard, 10c; ' prime, , 9c; unbleached '.Thomp
son's, 9c per lb. . Sultanas— Fancy, 10%c per'.-lb;
choice, 9%e; standard, ' 8%c: prime. 'Sc;' un
bleached - Sultanas,: 8c;; .Seedless,; 50-lbT. boxes,'
6%c: 4-crown. . 7c : ¦ 3-cro wn, • 6%c ; 2-crown, 6c.
Pacific brand — 2-crow.n, . 5c ; 3-crown. • «%c, and
4-crown, t%c; ,, seeded (Fresno i-. prices), 6%c;
London Iiayers," 2-crown. |1 50 ;;i>er box;. J
crown, $160; Fancy Clusters, $2; Dehesa,' 12 50;
Imperial,- $3. .¦- All prices * f.v o. ¦ ¦ b. at common
shipping Dpints in California. • • \ - ''.\'i*\} '
- NUTS— Walnuts. No. 1 ¦ sof tshell. ' llOll^c ;
No. 2, 8@8%c ; , No. 1 hardshell, ; 10@10i*<i; No. ¦ 2, ;
6%@7%c; 'Almonds; :i3@14c, for' paperslfell, • 10@
lie ' for ¦ softshell and 6@6o for- hardshell : I Pea- :
I nuts, 5@6c for Eastern; i Brazil Nuts." ll@ll%c;
Filberts, 12@12%c;-' Pecans, ll®13c; Cocoanuts,
$3 50@5. : ' -. ¦ , r..-..' ¦• - - . -j 'x. '¦:¦¦ ¦ ¦..- r-C-, -.- .,: ¦ .-. .. "
, HONEY— Comb. - 10@llc for ; bright . and 9<B9V4c
for light ember; water. white extracted. 5@5^ic;
light amber extracted.. 4@4«4c; dark,') 3%c. '-..•¦«¦¦
;. BEESWAX — 25@2Sc , per . lb. . .. ¦ ¦
;. Some* dealers : report an "active and others; a
dull .. market, >but .-:. all - report t quotations l ,very
steady ¦ and unchanged.";?^ , ;^.'^S^Bi85SH53B§S^*i
M CURED MEATS— Bacon, 12c per lb for! heavy,
¦-..-. ¦- -¦¦• • . - . - - -
THE BAN ;ifiiA^fciSCp CALL, TUESDAY^^UNE 4, 1901.
8
EASTERN MARKETS.
Nezv York Grain and Produce.
Articles — • «_>peii. 1 j-iisrn. ix>w. > (Jiose.
"Wheat No. 2 — :¦¦."' '¦•-.' ...
rune ...V... "... 75V4./.76% 75* 76%
ruly ............;... 75 V8V4-- 74%' 77%
September ........".;. KM, ¦' 74%, '.72% '. 73%
Corn No. 2—
rune . .:........ — ...: 44%
ruly ...:.: 45% ;: 45V1 1 : 44% 45
September 45% 43% \ ' 44T4 •. i5%
Oats No. 2— •' - ' : ¦• • : • -•
Tuly .;........... 28% 2g% 28% 28V4
September 27 .'27 : 26% - 26%
Mess Pork, per.bbl — • ¦ • .- t ¦>
1\l\y ................ U C2V4 « G2%14 62%' 14 65-
Septeinber ....14 70-14 70 14 62>i '14 62^
. Lard,.i>er 100, lbs— •. ',-.¦-¦¦,. :.'.'¦
Tuly 8 17V4 : ' 8 20 8 15 J 8 17%
September :........ 8 20 , ,8 22% . 8 17V4 8 22%
Short Ribs, per. 100 lbs— ¦ ¦ ', • ¦ -" . -, r ,. ¦
July .7 85 - ;.7 f7Vi- 7 82% : ; 7 85 :
September ......... 7 85 7 85 - 7 85 , ,7 82%
.-'.'-! ' . -tj Temp, i O an *s
i ? 5 ; j3i if i
STATIONS. 2 E 2. 3 | • s- S, ~
;¦;:>..:.,; : •¦ 1 p ! j I
Aetoria 30.14 S6 48 W i Cloudy 21
Baker ».« 60 46 SW I Cloudy o
farpon 29. SO 76 42 SW* Clear 0
Eureka ........ 30.12 04 50 N Clear 0
Fresno ........ .| 29.70 94 62 XW Clear 0
Klapftaff ! 2S.8S 68 40 SW Pt.Cldy 0
PfKatello. Id... I *9.6« 6S 44 W Cloudy .03
Independence . £9.60 V6 56 \V Clear 0
Ix>s Angeles....! 29. b6 6S C8 XW Cloudy 0
MiopTiix I 29.64 ?4 64 W Clear 0
P-rtland ....... 30.06 60 E2 W Clear Tr
Red Bluff 29.70 92 68 W Clear 0
Rr*et.urg I SO. 10 60 50 N Clear 0
Ps<-ramrTito j 2S.6S P2 64 XW Clear 0
Salt I^ske 123.74 70 4S SB Cloudy 0
San KYanr'.sco.l 2S.H 62 50 W Clear 0
San I,ui* Oblsp! 29.S2 "2 50 W Clear 0
Pan Diego 129.90 64 5S SW Clear 0
Seattle 30.00 60 5« NE Rain C6
Pr>oKan» 23.72 66 60 W Clear Tr
Neah Bay....... ..... .. 44 W
Walla Walla... 29 .« €8)50 SW Pt.Cldy Tr
Winnemucca .. 29.68 76 49 W Clear 0
Vuma 29.6f SO 68 S Qear 0
Temperature 7 a.
m.
56 degrees
AUCTION SALE.
£» *rv : ife
THIS DAY.
TUESDAY. June 4. at 11 a. m.. 1140 Folsom
st., of 2 carloads of business, work and driving
horses. 1 16-passenger wagonette. 4 new rubber-
tired buggies, 7 styles of carts, camp wagon*
and other vehicles, 45 sets of new and «eeond-
hand harness. S. WATKINS. Auctioneer.
AUCTION SALE
£» AT - £v
ARCADE HORSE MARKET. 32T SIXTH ST..
' WEDNESDAY, June 5, at 11 a. m..
I will sell at public auction a lot of CITY
HORSES, 5 of them weighing between 1000
and 1700: others over 1400; Also 20 head of
ALL PURPOSE HORSES.
JOHN J. DOYLE. Livestock Auctioneer.
AUCTION SALE.
THURSDAY, June «, at 11 a. m., 30 head of
Young Broke Horses, all weights and pur-
poses, will be sold without limit or reserve.
» A. M. SCOTT & CO.. Auctioneers.
33 Dora St.. off Howard, bet. 9th and 10th.
AUCTION SALES
GRAND AUCTION SALE
¦;-"- : -•-.' fc» ¦ ; :- - >fe»
¦ STANDARD* AND REGISTERED
TROTTING HORSES
. 1 • • (Fifty In number.) • .
SINGLE ROADSTERS. CARRIAGE HORSES.
BROOD MARES. WELL- MATCHED TEAMS
¦and HORSES SUITABLE FOR EUSINESS
PURPOSES, by such sires as Dtrect, Election-
eer. Director. Dexter Prince, Directivo. Hant-
bletonian Wllkes. Piedmont. General Benton.
Sidney Dillon. Cresco.. Almonltion. Le Grande.
Bay Rose. Tom Benton, etc.. out of some cf
the most noted mares In California. We will
also sell some young
HEAVY DRAFT HORSES.
' This stock was bred by Messrs. Henry anil
Ira' Pierce. «n their Santa Rosa and Yerba
Buena stock farms, are choice individuals, and
must be sold ' without reserve or limit. Sale
takes place -..._•
FRIDAY, June 7, 1901,
At 11 a. m. at ¦
OCCIDENTAL HORSE EXCHANGE.
721 HOWARD ST.. NEAR THIRD.
. WM. G. LAYNG, Livestock Auctioneer.
¦ Horses at salesyard. Catalogues ready.POPULAR PROFESSOR AND THE
HANDSOME TESTIMONIAL PRE
SENTED HIM BY STUDENTS. • .
¦ According™ to a'decision submitted to the
Board of Supervisors bytCIty and County
; Attorney ; Lane, I mortgages on real : estate'
owned by residents • of San - Francisco on
property/ outside : of • the » State are • subject
to. assessment in" the' same ' manner 'as if
located within' the State. -.: Mr. Lane bases
his- opinion- on;a' recent, decision .of the
Outside ¦; Mortgages : Taxable.
• The will • of ¦ the late : Peter Dean, who
died recently, leaving an estate valued'at
$200,000, was filed for probate yesterday.'
Decedent bequeaths . his estate > to / his
children, Robert, Benjamin, Charles and
Sarah Dean. \ Robert,: Charles < and',-Ben
jamin Dean are named 1 ; as executors of
the will" and are instructed to hold : the
share "of their sister; in trust,* the profits'
Peter Dean's Will.
P.' W. Clancy, special officer, 1 who shot
and killed Attorney J. N. . E. /Wilson a
week ago, was arraigned .. before Judge
Fritz yesterday. Ex-Judge Ferral ' asked
on behalf of the defendant a continuance
for ten days, as | the defendant expected
something to develop in connection with
the financial end of the case within that
time. 1 Assistant District Attorney Weller
demurred to such a long continuance and
finally by consent the .preliminary, exam
ination was set for Saturday morning.
Wilson • Murder Case.
All differences between the journeymen
butchers . and; their employers have been
settled. All proprietors have acceded to
the demands of the laboring men and a
celebration of the change in hours will be
had by the Journeymen . Butchers * at
Schuetzen Park next Sunday. A regular
meeting of the Journeymen Butchers'
Union will be held to-night at the Turk
Street. Temple. • (
The strike of the French and Italian
bakr-rs has been arranged by the con
cession of hours demanded by the bakers.
About 110 men -will get the same pay as
received before for seven days' work dur
ing the six working days now granted.
Painters' Union No. 75 has appointed a
walking delegate who speaks Italian and
has adopted the following resolutions:,
Whereas, It has come to the knowledge of
Painters' Union No. 73, through the public
prints of Saturday, June 1, that the "Brother
hood of. Painters, Decorators and Faper-hang
erR" were, on May 31, admitted to member
ship "in the San Francisco Labor Council;
and, whereas, Painters" Union No. 78, com
posed of 800 members, is the largest local body
representing the Brotherhood " of Painters,
Decorators and-. Paper-hangers on the Pacific
Coast; therefore be it • . ¦. — -
Resolved • By Painters' Union No. 73. in reg
ular session ¦ assembled, that the ' report re
ferred to is untrue, erroneous and misleading,
inasmuch as Painters' Union No. 73 has nbt
been, admitted to membership in the San Fran
cisco Labor Council, for the reason that the
said union never made application for such
membership, nor did It at any time ever con
sider the advisability of affiliating with the
San Francisco Labor Council.' ; .
The "brotherhood"' that ¦ was admitted to
membership in the Labor Council last Friday
night Is' the retinue composed of about
eighteen- members, ... known •¦• as No. 156, and
which holds a charter against the expressed
desire of the organized painters of San Fran
cisco, and which: at the request of Painters'
Union' No. 73 was refused recognition by the
Building 4 Trades Council a year ago, and
which was later also refused membership . in
the District Council of Painters. .-.¦- .\ .
Painters'. Union No. 73 wishes It understood
that the only: local central bodies- It is at
present affiliated , with is the Building Trader.
Council of San Francisco and the District
Council 'of Painters, - and that it is entirely
satisfied 'with its present, affiliations, and fur
ther do wo wish' it known that the so-called
' 'Brotherhood of Painters, Decorators ; and . Pa
per-hangers," lately admitted to membership
in the San. Francisco Labor Council/ consists
of "some eighteen nien who f f or -Rome reason of
their own have not found it advisable to Join
Painters' Union- No. 73, .and that -therefore
Painters' 'Union No.;. 73 is' not; In any. manner
responsible for < any action . that this doubtful
• 'brotherhood' ' of eighteen may take: . • . , ¦ • . : <
Journeymen Barbers' ' Union '-No. 148 has
elected George.Aubertlne and J. J. Callsh
as Its representatives to ; the San Fran
cisco Labor Council. •- .', -.,¦--
Local No. 41 of the International League
of Bartenders vraa affiliated last night by
National Delegate Pierce with : the parent
organization. ¦• , * '> - ¦' '¦¦> , . _-'..
BUTCHERS TO CELEBRATE
EMPLOYERS' CON-CESSIONS
Painters Claim They Save N"ot Been
Fairly Represented by Action
¦:...- ¦ of Labor Council.
" The carrip ' grounds are surrounded* by
timber and orchards. There is plenty of
water and a few; electric * lights, but the
latter will not be very, much -, needed.. It
is the expectation to have the camp well
settled .by Saturday night, June 8, ¦- when
the advance guard will have finished its
v/ork and the companies have come down
and taken possession. ; It will .break up
the following Saturday. ,; J .-»
On a ridge to the south and west of the
main camp is the place arranged for the
tents of the division commander, his staff
and the division headquarters. Then In
order along the ridge to the north and
east are the Sixth and Second Infantry,
forming the Third Brigade, both camps
but one company deep ajid correspond
ingly wide. Then comes the Fifth and the
First Infantry and the artillery battal
ion, forming the Second Brigade. The
Fifth Infantry will be camped with the
nine companies abreast.- The First will
have two battalion streets after the for
mation of the Model Camp .at the Pre
sidio gate. The artillery battalion will be
camped in similar formation and just be
side the First Regiment. Some distance
beyond the Second Brigade will be camp
ed the twelve companies of the Seventh
Infantry in a triangle, six companies on
the base, then four and. then two. Just
beyond the regimental headquarters will
be the headquarters of the First Brigade.
Across a gulch from the division^ head
quarters will be the three Blgnal corps,
the two troops of cavalry and the stables,
where there will be room for 450 horses on
the picket ropes. Behind . the division
headquarters will be the division hospital
and In front of it the flagstaff, with the
flag In view from all parts of the camp.
The nature of the ground and the ridges
and gulches cutting through it have made
it necessary to lay the camp out In both
company and battalion streets, and when
the tents have been pitched and the divi
sion has been fairly settled there will not
be much in camp building that will not be
exemplified in Camp Gage. - -
The drill and parade ground Is a pla
teau of perhaps forty acres, with nearly
forty more added' to it by adjoining ridges.
There is plenty of room for all the regi
ments.to drill upon it and for the big re
view which will greet the Governor when
he visits the camp, probably on 1 Friday,
June 14. . . ¦ ¦. • - • ._,_ . «
The- site of the camp is what is' known
as Laveaga Heights and the camp Itself
will be known officially as Camp Gage.
The grounds are cut by numerous gulches,
and the first problem presented was how
to arrange the various brigades and regi
ments bo as to give all room enough and
still leave a large drill and parade ground.
This work fell to the engineer officer of
the division, Lieutenant Colonel Draper,
and he has laid out as complete and com
pact a camp as could well be made.'
Next Saturday afternoon the -big divi
sion camp of the National Guard of the
State will open in Santa Cruz, where al
ready the grounds have been laid out for
one of the largest- camps that ' has ever
been planned for the rriilltia of . California.
Tented Oity.
How the Guardsmen
Will Live in the
CAMP LAID OUT
AT SANTA CRUZ
At a. meeting of the San Francisco
Single Tax Society last night resolutions
were adopted expressing regret for the
death of James A- Herne, the well-known
actor. •¦ . - -."-: ••.
Deplore Death of Herne.
The graduates of the Mission High
School were tendered a reception last
¦night bv the "graduates of the future."
Mission Parlor Hall, where the reception
was held, was tastefully decorated, and
these who attended . spent an enjoyable
evening. The affair was under the direc
tion of C. F. Laumeister, E. L. Hackett,
May Donahue, P. St. Paul, Helen Lane,
Maud "Wigham and Prank Arthur.
Mission Students Entertain.
ped forward to receive her diploma. The
school "frats" were well represented In
the audience and gave their applause
without favor.
The graduation exercises were short,
but the display of youth, beauty and tal
ent made up for the lack of numbers.
Congressman Julius Kahn delivered the
address of the evening. He spoke of .the
class of "naughty ones" as the pioneer
class of the twentieth century, and told
the graduates they were to be congratu
lated upon the fact of, their having at
tended school in a history making epoch.
He toM them they should be happy in
the thought that they were to play an
important part In the great common
wealth of California, and congratulated
them upon the success attending tneir ef
forts to acquire an education. He con-
STSitnlated the fathers and mothers of
the graduates, and ended by wishing the
young ladies every success in life.
Jftraes Denman made a short congrat
ulatory speech and introduced Principal
KHsha Brooks, who presented the class
of '01. ¦£ :
The following programme was then
rendered:
Piano solo— Rhapsodle Hongrolse, No. 10
• ; •.... L.lszt
Miss Madeleine O'Neill, class of '93.
Vocal trio— "Te Sol *"juest Anima" Verdi
Miss Katherine Black. Messrs. S., J.
Sandy. D. Manlloyd. V
Chorus — "Coral Caves of Ocean". Smart
Directed by Miss Katherlne Black.
Chorus— Class son?.. Composed by Medora Block
Class of 1901. „ ' ,
Following are the names of the forty
eight young ladies who composed the
class of "naughty-one":'
Lillian Margaret Ahlers, Alice Marie Baer.
Medora Block, Alice Sophronia Boobar, Bertha
Brockinton Viola Frances Bunzl, Jennie Alice
Comings, Alice Conlln, Alice Marguerite Cor
bett. May Geraldine Dalton, Klse Theresa
Dechent. Alice Isabel Devlne. Clara Emma'
Eastman. Annie Fisher, Anna. Gaffney, Viva
Loralne Gill, Elsie Hart, Florine Harris, Anita
Hermes. Lanette Hochhelmer, ¦ Buelah Elfrida
Hook, Anna Hooper. Ida Louise Kervan, Mary
Kerwin, Lois . Kohn. Alena Wilhelmina Kron
quist Celeste La. Coste. Jeanne Levy. . Daisy
Morton Lincoln, Hilda Mayer, Ada Belle Mc-
Donnell Margaret Veronica McDonnell,- Anna
Meyer Edna Myers, Henrietta Josephine Moore,
Eugenie Moraghan, Maggie Morton, Dora Elsa
Plagemann Elizabeth Jane Rolph, Hilda Sam
sOn. Leila Samuel, Caroline Schroeder, Mamie
Slankard, Martha Shepard Spencer, Eleanor
Harriet Talcott, Eva Marie | Thompson, Alice
Treanor and Prudence Whipple. • • v
The exercises closed with a few appro
priate remarks from. School Director
James Denman.
estly.
Hearty applause was bestowed upon
each "sweet girl graduate" as she step-
Forty-eight pretty misses received their
diploma3 last night at the Girls' High
School. They bowed gracefully and
smiled sweetly, as Superintendent of
School3 Webster handed the"m the parch
ment for which they had worked so earn-
Diplomas Are Awarded
to Pupils of Girls'
High School.
BID FAREWELL
TO ALMA MATER
IN appreciation of the many years of
untiring labor which he has devoted
to the cause of education as professor
of history in the Stanford University
Dr. George Elliot Howard was pre
sented yesterday by his former pupils
with a magnificent silver loving cup. The
¦presentation took place In this city at the
professor's residence, 1457 Clay street. So
secretly had the students arranged their
plans and made their preparations that
the honored instructor was taken com
pletely by -surprise.
All Of Professor Howard's former stu
dents in thiB vicinity- were invited to be
present and to assist in the ceremony.
James Ferguson of the class of 93 de
livered an appropriate presentation
When Stanford University was first
opened Professor George- Elliot Howard
was chosen to fill a place. In the faculty.
He Is a graduate of the University of
Nebraska, and while at- Stanford was
deemed one of its. ablest and most con
scientious instructors.
To George Elliot Howard, from former stu
dents of the Lelarfd Stanford Univeralty. In
token for his learning, gratitude for his kind
ness honor for his nobility, affection for him
self.' .
speech. He dwelt touchlngly on the
great benefits which the pupils had gath
ered from their instructor's efforts, say
ing that as a teacher and as a friend he
had helped them, as a man Inspired them
to a higher plane of life, and that they
had seen in him a devotion \o an Ideal
which made truth and righteousness su
preme.
Although greatly moved by the display
of affection on the part of his former
pupils, Dr. Howard made a brief re
sponse. He said that if in any way he
had ever fulfilled the higher responsibili
ties of a teacher he was satisfied: In
referring to the speech which ultimately
led to the discontinuation of his connec
tion with the Stanford faculty, he said:
"In my speech against the new policy I
showed the highest loyalty to Stanford
University. "When an institution is in
the wrong its best friend is he who points
out that wrong, thus enabling It to avoid
future error."
The loving cup is. truly a splendid af
fair. It Is of solid silver and rests on
an ebony base. Inside It is stained with
•gold. It bears the date of Its presenta
tion" and the following Inscription: • .,
Other numbers were: Original poem,
"By ~ Atlantic a*d Paciiic," Miss
Margaret Hill of Clifton, Ariz.: "Le-.
gende," harp solo, .'Miss Winifride .Mc-
Laughlln; original poem. "Beyond the At
lantic," Miss Rosalie Cunha: "Ah Non
Credea Mirarti," vocal solo, MissEmllie
Agulrre poem, "Foundresses of
Notre Dame," Miss Dolores Cosca; "Ca
prlcclo Brllliante," (op. 22) (Mendelssohn),
first pianos, Miss Maude Campbell. M.'ss
Flora Thiltgen: second pianos. Miss Vir
ginia Ynigo, Miss Monica Wilcox: "Eia
Preghiera,". vocal .solo, Miss Edna
Rhodes; original poem, "Our Alma Ma
ter's Pioneers," Miss Esther Boardman;
"Te, Deum" (Lambllotte), by the vocal
classes; original poem. "Here and a
League Away," Miss Maude Campbell.
An overture (thirty-two hands) on piano,
violins and organs closed the musical
programme.
Archbishop P. "W. Riordaji, D. D., deliv
ered an aJdresSt devoted to the higher
education of women.. He reviewed the
work of the school and declared that high
er education of young ladles meant a
greater and better country.
/"Terpsichore," by.Hach, brought out
the entire musical class, and Its rendition
was splendid. Those/taking part were:
Harps— Miss Winlfride McLaushlin, MJss
Blanche Skelly, Miss ! Aimee Auzerals.
Violins— Miss Stella Eaton, Miss Hilda
Wilcox, Miss Irene Wills, Miss Amelia
Kappier, Miss Ada Rhodes, Miss Bene
dicta Beshoar, Miss Adel Divier, Miss
Geraldlne O'Connell, Miss Marguerite
Skelly, Miss Lydia Soto. Mandolins— Miss
Margaret Hill, Miss Maria Macmanus,
Miss Herlinda Griebnow, Miss Helena
Murphy, Miss Dolores Izabal, Miss Maude
Campbell, Miss "Emille Agulrre, Miss
Flora Thiltgen, Miss Esther Boardman,
Miss Amelia Soto. Violoncello— Miss Mon
ica "Wilcox, Miss Johanna Foley. Zithers
—Miss Dolores Cosca, Miss Matllde Ban
Vicente. Banjo— Miss Nora Mabury.
Guitar— Miss Laura Izabal. Accompan
ists—Miss Rosalie Cunha. Miss Edna
Rhodes, Miss Isabella Mutch, Miss Lucille
•Mutch, Miss Virginia Ynigo, Miss Maria
Olivares Miss Irene DIckson, Miss Grace
O'Connell and Miss Barbara Lejeal. .
A polonaise on eight pianos by Von
G-raben Hoffman opened the programme.
The performers were Misses Mercedes
Somellera, Irene Vickson, Amelia Soto,
Irene Crook, Aimee Auzerals, Anne Adam,
Grace O'Connell. Margaret Hill, Amelia
Kappier, Mary Greenhow, Maria Macma
nus, Irene "Wills, Ada Rhodes, Beneuicta
Beshoar, Florence Bonetti and Ro:u
Echeverria.» A welcoming chorus, with
piano accompaniment, was given by the
vocal classes. An original poem, "Tne
Selection of Our City's Site," was recited
by Miss Benedicta Beshoar. Ada & lo In E
flat minor (S. Thomas) was rendered by
the following: First harp. Miss Wlni
fride McLaughlin; second harps, -Miss
Aimee Auzerais, Miss Blanche Skelly;
piano, Miss Virginia Ynigo; Janko key
board, Miss Flora Thiltgen; organ, Miss
Dolores Cosca. . • j
The audience completely filled the as
sembly hall. On the stage were palms, St.
Joseph lilies and bamboo branches, the
light green of the latter and the snow
white gowns of the pupils combining In a
pleasing aspect. On either side were the
figures 1851-1901, and over the .stage was
the motto, "Ora et Labora." About the
rooms, at each pillar, were pendents cf
golden leaves, symbolic of the golden an
niversary of the. institution. The musical
programme was one of the finest ever
heard in this city. Each of the young
ladles recited original poems,, which
showed their high training.
] SAN JOSE, June. 3.— Fifty years of edu
cational work on the part of the Sisters of
Notre Dame was { marked to-day j by the
semi-centennial. ' commencement of the
College of Notre Dame. In the alumnae of
this institution are hundreds of the most
prominent . women ' on the Pacific Coast,
and they were represented to-day by vis
itors from all parts of the State. These
annual exercises are looked- forward to
with great interest by former pupils, and
many of them gather to renew acquaint
ances,and greet one another. ' Six young
ladles were graduated to-day, while a
large class received medals and merited
mention. Miss Dolores Cosca, Miss Maude
Campbell, Miss Esther Boardman. Miss
Rosalie Cunha and -Miss Margaret Hill
were given diplomas in the course leading
to the degree B. L., and Miss Benedicta
Beshoar was given the degree j3. A.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Degrees From >Theif
Alma Mater. »
Six Young Ladies Receive
San Jose College Cele
brates Its Semi-
Centennial.
GOLDEN JUBILEE
OF NOTRE DAME
Former Instructors the Department of History in
Stanford University Receives a Magnificent
Token of Esteem of Pupils He Once Taught
STUDENTS PRESENT LOVING CUP
TO PROFESSOR GEORGE E. HOWARD
Elaborate Ceremony at Holy Cross, to Be Followed
by Quiet Reception for Relatives and Friends
at the Bride's Home—Honeymoon Trip to Europe
IVAN TREADWELL WILL THIS DAY
CLAIM MISS NOLAN AS HIS BRIDE
PROMINENT YOUNG COUPLE
WHO WILL BE UNITED IN MAR
RIAGE THIS AFTERNOON.
PLANS NETWORK
OF RAILROADS
Syndicate Petitions for
Santa Clara County
. . Franchises.
Electric Lines to Radiate in
San Jose.
All Directions From
Special Dispatch to The Call. » "~
SAN JOSE, June 3.— A network, of elec
trio railways radiating from San Jose,
calling for the expenditure of nearly
$1,000,000, Is what an Eastern syndicate of
fers to create if the County Board of Sup
ervisors will grant the application for,
franchises made by George T. Dunlap of
Gllroy this afternoon. More than 100
miles of road Is proposed, and every sec
tion of the county will be reached, while
Dunlap says the men he represents have
plenty of money and are prepared to carry
out their plans at once. The capitalists
back of the enterprise are undoubtedly
those who recently bought the water
rights at the head of the Coyot Creek,
near Gllroy, and from here the power will
be furnished for the roads. Forty thou
sand acres of land was procured there.
Preliminary work for an immense storage
dam has been done, and altogether $200,000
has been expended. The title to the land
rests In Dunlap, but be admits that he
only represents outside capital.
- Should the proposed roads be construct
ed they will place San Jose in a position
to control the trade of the valley. Mr.
Dunlap. In, company with his attorney, C.
W.. Cobb, presented the petition for the
franchises to the Supervisors this after
noon. He urged action at once, saying
the capitalists he represented were anx
ious to commence work.
The road will have seven different
branches, as follows:
Alvlso - to San Jose— Starting at Eliza
beth street in Alvlso and thence along the
Alviso and San Jose road to the northerly
limits of this city.
San Jose to Gllroy— From the southern
limits of this city along the Monterey road
to the limits of Gllroy, a distance of thirty
miles. This will touch at all the towns
along the route. - .-.,-¦
Gllroy to San Felipe— From the eastern
limits of Gllroy northeasterly through Old
Gllroy and along the Pacheco Pass and
Viaalla road and the Dunn road to the di
viding line between Santa Clara and San
Benito counties. This road may be ex
tended to Hollister and "Watsonville.
San Jose to Los Gatos— Out San Carlos
street' to the Meridian road, Hamilton
avenue to the Los Gatos and Santa Cruz
road, to Los Gatos by way of Campbell.
San Jose to Santa Clara— From the west
ern limits of San Jose on Park avenue to
Union avenue and thence along Union
avenue to Santa. Clara. .
Santa Clara to San Mateo— Along the
San Francisco road to the San . Francls
quito Creek, the dividing line between
Santa Clara and San Mateo counties.
Gllroy to Sargrents — From the southern
limits of Gilroy southerly over the Mon
terey road to the Pajaro River, the divid
ing line between Santa Clara and San
Benito counties.
Consideration . of the petition for these
franchises -will come up before the Super
visors to-morrow morning', when a dato
will be set for the bearing-. There prob
ably will be some contest over the routes,
and it is understood certain of them will
be changed.
The company back of the electric rail
way project Is believed to be the Head
light Investment Company, which was in
corporated in Nevada on July 21 last. '¦ The
place of business la Carson City, with a
branch office in San Francisco. The direc
tors named are J. D. Tennyson. T. R.
Hope and E. J. "Walsh of. Carson. The
lands and water right near Gllroy were
acquired by this comi>aiiy. ,
' Another rumor haa the railways pro
jected by the Baltimore syndicate that re
cently bought the San Francisco and San
Mateo Railway. *
ago and have been traveling* over the
continent In easy stages.
The Interstate Railway Commissioners'
Association meets annually In convention
and papers are read and matters of
transportation discussed with a general
view of public benefit. It is expected that
there will be about 150 delegates in at
tendance at the convention in this city.
be drawn to-day. The names and ad
dresses of those on the list ¦ of thirty
follow: ¦ - • - : ¦ •
Samuel Irrins, 328. Bash street; Joseph Ed
felt, 614 Hyde street; Philip J. Lawler. ZU
Oak street; J.. B. Duggan, 829 CFarrell street;
J. M. ElHs. 323 Montgomery street; Robert B.
Hale. California, and Battery streets: Julius
Finck. 81S Market street; Frank J. Symmes.
630 Harrison street;. Roy T. Klmball. 1230
Geary street; Mark Sheldon. 1001 Golden Gate
avenue; James Butler. 3364 Twenty-sixth
street: Warren D. Clark. 1732 Broadway; 8. B.
Pauaon, 20O Kearny street; B. B. Sturdlvant.
728 Octavla street; Thomas J. Welsh, Flood
building-; John A. Kennedy, 628 Ellis street:
A. P. Gianninl. 104 Washington street; C. W.
Runyon, 429 Fillmore street; George D. Cooper,'
2009 Buchanan street; Henry M. Wreden, Lom
bard and Taylor streets: William M. Cart
wright. 100 Main street: H. J. Owen. 205 Jonea
street: J. C. O'Connor. 767 Mission street: Her
man Hermanaon. TOO Jones street; Landry c.
Babin. 2415 Washington? street; L. H. Schleu
ter. tn Sutter street: William R. Wheeler.
1313 Jones street: Lchls Lask. 1233 Pine street:
John Tonnlngsen. 1628 Howard street, and
Peter J. Tormly, * 825 Grove street.
The citizens named have been sum
moned to ¦ appear this afternoon. Nine
teen of their number will then be select
ed and sworn as grand Jurors. ,Th«
selection of a foreman and secretary will
follow, and . the Inquiry into public af
fairs commenced. . .-. . .
yesterday. The remainder of the dele
gates are expected to-day in a special
train. They left New York about a week
The names of thirty business men were
drawn by Presiding Judge Dunne yester
day, from which a new Grand Jury will
DRAjWS TH 1 H.TT TALESMEN
' FOB A NEW GRAND JURY
Members Interstate Rail
way Commissioners
Arrive.
Great preparations are being made for
the entertainment of ' the Interstate Rail
way Commissioners*. Association, which
will . hold Its annual convention In this
city beginning next Thursday. The Rail
road Commissioners of California, at
their meeting yesterday, made arrange
ments for the entertainment ipf the vis
itors. On Saturday evening they will be
given a banquet at .the Palace Hotel,
when many public-spirited citizens will
be present. .Tickets will be sold at $10 a
plate. - .
During the visit of the railway commis
sioners here they will be the special
guesta of the Santa Fe- Railway Com-,
pany.'" They will- be taken for a rids on
the bay, a trip. to the summit 'of Mount
Tamalpals and a drive to the Cliff House.
The Southern Pacific Company will
entertain the visitors at Del. Monte and
will also take them to Los Angeles and
Coronado.
The advance guard of the delegates,"
consisting of J. C. .Wibom. J. H.» Whar
ton and H. Massey, Railway Commis
sioners of South Carolina, and George F.
Becker, assistant secretary of the Inter
state Commerce , Commission, • arrived
only have been invited. . The bride will be
attended by her sister. Miss Kitty Nolan,
who will officiate as maid of honor. Miss
Loretta Nolan and . Miss Kitty Arnold
will be bridesmaids. Leo Nolan, bother
of the bride, will act as best man, • and
Judge Kerrigan and Frank Cavarly will
officiate as ushers.' . .
The bride! will wear an exquisite gown
of white silk elaborately trimmed with
rare old lace and chiffon. Her bridal veil
will be fastened with a wreath of orange
blossoms, and her bouquet will be com
posed of bride's roses.
Miss Kitty Nolan, the maid of honor,
will wear an elegant gown of pale lav
ender louisine silk. The corsage Is made
of the silk laid in tiny tucks with a yoke
and sleeves of renaissance lace and fin
ished off with steel passementerie. The
skirt .is made walking length and
trimmed with the steel passementerie, i
Miss Loretta Nolan will wear a dainty
gown of pink organdie trimmed with
white lace. A large white picture hat,
with pink roses, will complete the cos
tume.
DELEGATES COME
FROM FAR EAST
Miss Arnold will -wear a gown of blue
organdie trimmed with lace. A large
white picture hat will be worn with the
gown. • '•-.--
Mrs. Nolan,', mother of the bride, will
wear an exciulslte gown of black ¦ tulle,
all covered. with elegant jets.. • •
Mr. Treadwell and his young bride will
leave to-morrow evening for the East en
route to Europe, where they expect to
spend one year.
TO-DAY, at- 4 p. m., . at Holy
Cross Church, Miss Genevieve No
lan and Ivan Goodwin Treadwell
will be married. Father McGinty
will perform the ceremony, assist
ed by Father Lamson, Father Ryan and
Father Coyle. After the ceremony there
will be a reception at the elegant home
of the bride's parents ; oh Golden Gate
avenue, to -which the- immediate relatives
and intimate friends of the toagpy, couple
CLOSE OFFICES
WITHOUT FIGHT
Debenture Companies
X Are Driven out of
California.
Four debenture companies transacting
business In San Francisco" have decided,
upon being warned by the Attorney Gen
eral, to close ud their accounts at the
earliest possible moment to avoid prose
cution. The famous Ohio debenture deci
sion and th* opinion recently rendered by
the United States Attorney General both
hold that a debenture business is illegal,
being in the nature of a lottery , and
such concerns are ''being prosecuted
the country.
The local corporations that have prom
ised to retire without . litigation are the
American Guaranty and Trust Company,
National Mutual Maturity Company.
Western Mutual Investment , Company
and the Debenture Investment -Company
of San ' Francisco. The Pacific Debenture
Cotnoanv, which has also been Informed
of the attitude of the Attorney .General
in the matter, has as yet. failed to make
known the course which it will pursue.
The representatives of the various com
panies appeared before Attorney General
Ford and stated that although they be
lieved that they were conducting a legal
business" they felt that litigation would
result disastrously for them, even If they
snould in the end win their^case in the
courts. Accordingly, with . the exception
of the Pacific Debenture Company, all
u'laced before- the Attorney General certi
ned copies of resolutions adopted by eacn
firm showing that all were going out.of ,
business in 'California > as soon as -debts
could be collected and obligations paid.
To the four companies who have re
sponded to th« representations made by
the Attorney General, the following let
ter has been sent: ..-,, \.
Tinder date of March 30, 1901. I wrote yout
srar.?BS?s &SK. &¦»«•»
tiflJrt rotnrof a resolution neretofore adopted
SMTiS 1 i* ¦£&;«* Jg£gg of
th i S fte? m fuir/ an^ca^uny deliberating upon^
tht iffJt : of the above mentioned resolution,
the f ff . w *_? r nf l "ii th- circumstances connected
fJth the lTistory of t^ debenture business. -I
and.pursuant to tne^tnn
advisable In the premUts. , , , . , , .;.-.|
Charged With/ Burglary/
John O'Malley, was booked
Prison yesterday on a charge of. burg
lary by Detectives Dinan. Wren and Har
ne7 He is accused of : breaking- into the
PUwence of O'" B. Osborne,"U08-Devisa
dero street, on' the night of May, 10, and
stealing a sealskin ' coat ' and £ a .:. cf
-old bracelets.' Charles Nelson and James
tfurlev were ¦ booked on: a ; similar charge
by Policemen Hightower. and McPartland
for breaking into Lane & Colfield's saioon,
Folfom - and' Steuart i streets, j and stealing
some minor .articles. • *.
the fact from the only record in his office
to which the newspapers and the public
have access. When asked this morning
with reference to it, his secretaries dis
claimed knowledge of it. The fact prob
ably never wouirt have been disclosed, so
far es the general public Is concerned,
were it not for a small item in the Wil
lows Journal of June 1, announc
ing the return to that town, from
a life term in Folsom prison, of Patrick
Brick, convicted of murder in Colusa
Ooui'ty about fifteen years ago. Brick
killed a man named Jones in a saloon
row in Jaclnto.
Even with this information to hack the
request for news, nothing could be as
certained at the Governor's office with
reference to the issuance of the pardon.
The : Call correspondent telephoned to
Warden Wilkinson of Folsom prison and
from that source learned that Brick had
•been given his liberty several days ago,
the pardon which had reached the prison
from Governor Gage bearing date of May
2L It wiit only after all this circumlo
cution and after the surrounding country
had been searched for information which
every citizen has a right to demand and,
under the law to receive at the Govern
or's office, that the fact that a pardon
had been granted was officially admitted.
Even now there Is no record in the Gov
ernor's office to which a citizen may have
•aocess. which shows that Patrick Brick,
sentenced first to be hanged, and then
granted the mercy of life imprisonment,
Etalks the State a free man.
Brick was tried for the murder of Jones
and was sentenced to death. The Su
preme Court was appealed to and afflrm
fd th.e judgment. While he was awaiting
execution his brother, a politician of
Louisville, enlisted the sympathy of Ken
tucky's Governor, Samuel J. Randall,
Speaker of the House of Representatives,
end. 'John G. Carlisle, in behalf of Exec
utive clemency. Heedful as. Governor
Stoneman was to the plaints of prisoners,
lie would not do more than grant a com
mutation to Hie imprisonment. After
Governor Stoneman's term had expired,
Governor Wr.terman and Governor
Markham were appealed to, but declined
to interfere.
When given his full pardon by Govern
or Gage. Brick had served about fifteen
v^ars' imprisonment. Among the reasons
which Governor Gage gives for setting
aside the judgment of a jury, the Su
preme Court and three ether Governors,
is That in his opinion the crime of man
slaughter, and not of murder, had been
committed; that the prisoner has dpne
some valuable work on the roofs of the
prison, and that the Judge -who pissed
the sentence had Joined in the applica
tion for clemency. . .
The reasons to which the Governor has.
subscribed would probably have reposed 1
undiscovered forever in the musty
archives of the Capitol had not Patr'ck
Brick reached the town of Willows on
his release and got his name in the local
paper. • . -
-SACRAMEXTO, June 3.— Governor
Gape has given a free and unconditional
pardon to a murderer and has ¦withheld
Special Dispatch to The CalL
Givos Patrick Brick Freedom
and Makes No Record
of the Act
Governor Gage Seeks
to Hide Evidence
of Clemency.
SECRET PARDON
FOR MURDERER
9
THE SAl^-; FKAls CISCO, CALL, TUESDAY, JUNE 4, 1901.
GRAPE-NTJTS.
GOT OUT.
The Food Cure Brought Her Out With
Flying Colors.
A lady in Laurence, Ind., Mrs. M. C.
Waring, was a poor judge of food and
also a worker in literary and educational
lines, where she exhausted her vitality
because of the bad combination of a load
of work and poorly selected food to
rebuild her.
She was using hot cakes for breakfast,
meat, coffee, etc., and gradually lost
ground until she became a total wreck.
She Bays. "I was so reduced that the
ellphtest noise brought a cold perspira-
tion all over me. Sleep was out of the
question and my appetite was gone. I
was apprehensive of all sorts of disaster.
I became really very ill. I was on the
verge of losing my mind when one day a
friend who eat at my bedside remarked i
that she would bring me something nice i
Xr> eat, - «
Sure enough when she came over she i
had a dainty luncheon on a tray with
pretty decorated china dishes, etc. A cup
held ' some coffee, as I supposed, and a
dish held some hard, brown granules,
and she told me that was Grape-Nuts
Food, whereas the liquid was Postum
Coffee.
I liked the taste of the Grape-Xuts with
a little cream and ate all of it. After
some persuasion I drank the Postum
Coffee and that night was the most
.peaceful night I had enjoyed in months,
V*>,nd when I awakened in the morning: I
found the Grape-Nuts package on the
tab'.e near my bed, and I had some for
breakfast with some Postum Coffee.
V I at once began to feel better and dis-
carded all kln.ls of medicine, stimulants,
narcotics, and used only Grape-Nuts
four times a day with Postum Coffee. At
the end of thirty days I left my bed and
Hfter three months building up on Grape-
Nuts Food and the famous Postum, 1
have taken up my literary work, work-
ing harder than ever making up for lost
time.
M<::ital strains have no more terrors
lor me. I keep my mental faculties
clear. All ny inner organs have become
vlear and healthy so I never know I
have any, yet I work and study ' sixteen
hours out of the twenty- four on an avcr-
Rgp. 1 oftan wonder what has become of
those dreaiful nerves. Things that for-
merly dlsturted me now seem trlfl°s.
A healthy body Is a happy body, so I
EO about einringr and happy, come sun-
shine or rr.in. Grape-Nuts and Postura
lifted me out of a sick bed. and Grape-
Nut* Food has since brought my little
daughter. through a severe case o£ scar-
let fever. Grape-Nuts • was the only
food Fhe could' take and the doctor said
ehe would have died had it not been for
the nourishment given her by Grape-
Nuts Food. Do you wonder we believe in
the famous food?"
There is a reason why the Postum
Coffee and Grape-Nuts are towers of
strength in times of trouble. Anyone
can learn the fact and the reason Jf they
care to make searching Inquiry. The
Company furnishes the details, but It. Is
sufficient to most people to know that
whereas they have been poorly treated,
and perhaps i wrecked with disease from-
Improper food, the change to Grape-Nuts
and Postum has made them welL '
The diseases most feared are those which arj - >*f!^5w^^^^^^.*<£*§^ 1 ?
inherited— handed down from generation to gen- "^^^^^^''TaIv^^*^^
eration,*and family to family. .- By far the most y^^^TvWLYftv»^^wS
destructive of these is Cancer, which finds the
greatest number of its ¦victims among the children • Jfffjurt^i"^^^vvvvv^,
and grand-children of those whose blood was tainted'.-'..-.. '
with this dreadful maladj. . You may carry this poison in the blood for years, but
as the vital powers begin to wane a slight bruise or cut,* wart or mole, sore or
pimple may develop into Cancer. From middle life to old age is the time when
the slumbering poison is most apt to break out, a sore or ulcer often degenerating
into Cancer, and Tumors become more progressive and ulcerate through the skin,
the sharps shooting pains causing the most intense suffering.
-i ¦< ."¦; The Cancer patient naturally grows despondent as one after another the usual
remedies fail," and the sore shows no ( sign of healing. The impuritiesthat have
been accumulating in the system, perhaps for generations, cannotbe eliminated nor
the poisoned blood made pure by salves, washes and plasters. The proper treatment
is to purify and build up the blood, remove the cause; when the sore or ulcer heals.
V; r , • ; ; . . • - .,-,, — wS. S. S. goes directly
' Mr. * J. B. Arnold, of Greenwood, S. C, writes: ** A into the blood, destroys
tiny ulcer came, just under the left eye.' It begun ftje-ri—a stores the for-
•preadin*, and Wew -worse rapidly, destroying the
flSsltaait went.t As Cancer is hereditary in my family nation _of Cancerous
I became thoroughly alarmetT, consulting the bestphy-~ e? 11 * and the
sicians ' and taking ¦ many ' blood medicines, none of system of impurities.
which did me any. good, when one of • our leading What we say of S. S. S.
druggists advised me to try S. S. S., and by the time as a cure for Cancer is
I had taken the second bottle the Cancer begun to st rat>orted by the testi-
t show signs of healing, the discharge grew gradually m *£~ o t those who have
less and . finally ceased altogether, the sore dried up mony ot tnose ™fa*e
and nothing remains but a slight scar.- I feel that I tested it and been re-
owe my life to S. S. S." ' • ¦: . - . - .,-,- stored to health.
. • -. -.-..-s^, » " .. ¦ Begin in^ time, don't
• wait until the blood is so polluted and the system so thoroughly saturated with the
poison that no medicine, however, efficacious, can check the progress of the disease.
t If there is a taint in your blood get it out at once, don't wait for some external evi-
dence of it,' the appearance of a tumor or ulcer.' We have prepared a special book
: oh Cancer which we will mail free. / Our physicians are ready to help you by. their
advice and such direction" as Wour r case requires. "'".Write us fully and freely — no
."charge for medical advice^ '?£'• THE "SWIFT. SPECIFIC CO., ATLANTA, GA»* 'T|ffij£sAN
10
SAX FRA>" CISCO " CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE - of The San Francisco
Call, corner at Market and Third Etreets ; open
until 12 o'clock every night In the year.
' BHAXCH OFFICES— 527 Montgomery street
ccracr Clay: cren until 3:30 p. m.
SCO If ayes street; open until 9:30 p. m.
C23 McAllister etreet: open until 9:30 p. m.
fJS Larkin Etreet; open until 9:30 p. m. .
lf« Mission street: open until 10 d. m.
IIC1 Market Etreet, corner Sixteenth; _ open
until S xi. m..
206 Eleventh street: open until 9 p. m.
J<*>6 Valencia Etreet: open until 9 p. rn.
Ncrtiswest corner Twenty-second and Ken-
tuck;.- etreets: open until 9 p. m.
rrro "illroore street: open until' 9 p. m.
MEETING XOTICES.
CALIFORNIA Chapter No. 5. R. A. »
M.. will meet THIS (TUESDAY) JV
EVENING, June 4, tt 7:30 o'clock. Af 7f
Stated meotitiE, P. M. and M. E." M". TV^-
degrees. By order-of the H. P.
FRANKLIN H. DAY, Secretary.
GOLDEN GATE Lodge No. SO, F.' and "•
A. M.— Stated meeting THIS (TUES- _j\^
DAY) EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock. /%^
EDWIN L. MEYER. Sec. /V^
MOUNT KOKIAH Lodge No. 44, F. and •
A. M.— Officers and members are re- m g\ M
ppectf ully requested to assemble at the TjLjl
temple THIS DAY (TUESDAY), at 2 ' V
o'clock, for the purpose of attending the
" funeral obsequies of our late brother, WIL-
LIAM HENRY OHMEN. By order of the
• W. M. THEO. FROLICH, Sec.
PACIFIC Lodge No. 1S6. F. and A. M.. m
121 Eddy st.— Stated meeting THIS^V.
EVENING. S o'clock. 7^&»
GEORGE PENLINGTON. Sec.
ORIENTAL Lodge No. 144, F. acd A. •
M.— Stated meeting THIS (TUESDAY) _/\_
EVENING at b o'clock. /ZJ\
A. S. EUBBARD, Sec. /^r>
CALIFORNIA Council No. t>rf5*3K^?S.
530. National Union, meets
TO-NIGHT. Elks' Hall. >C" '" "tV
Sutter st. Initiation, re- *
f reshrnents and entertainment. \ Isitors cor-
dially welcomed.
W. A. S. NICHOLSON. President
CHAS. H. VAX ORDEN. Secretary.
THE regular quarterly meeting of tne -_^*
Austrian Benevolent Society will be sJS&p^a
held at its hall. 413 Sutter St.. on SJgwSS
"WEDNESDAY EVENING. June 5 p^g
at S o'clock sharp. Donations and
other very important business will.cosae be-
fore the society. Every member is requested
to be present. Fines for non-attendance will
be strictly enforced. By order of . ,
DE WITT W. TOLL. M. SCANATICH,
Recording Secrebtry. President.
A- O. H. DIVISION No. 2.— The regular fe^«?W;
monthly meeting of this division will Jl£V\W
be held at Hibernia Hall. 120 Ninth JaWf
et, on TUESDAY, June 4. 1901, at 7:30fC%&3j
p. m. Election of officers for ensuing
term will be in order at this meeting.
JOHN KENNY. President.
T. L. CLAXCT. Secretary'.
U. G. W. of A. Local 131— Special meeting will
be held on THURSDAY. June 6, 1S01, at 8
o'clock p. m.. 117 Turk st. Charter will be
closed. , - E. CORYIE. Secretary.
ALL are notified to redeem their articles Im-
mediately, as I am going out of business.
UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant ave.
AGEXTS WASTED.
MAN to solicit in city or country; can make
from 52 to $5 per day. Apply at 3 Taylor st.
ASPHALXUM KOOFIXG.
J. FELTIER. asphalt roofing, sidewalks re-
paired; postal. 1186 Mission: tel. Folsom 1607.
ATTORXEVS AT LAW.
ADVICE free; divorce law a tepecialty; private; j
no fee without success; collections. G. W. j
HOWE, atty at law, 850 Market cor. Stockton.
ADVICE free; no charges unless successful. W.
IV. DAVIDSON. 827 Market St.. opp. Mason.
L. S. CLARK. Emma Spreckels bldg., 827 Mar-
ket st: consultation free; no fees in advance.
BOARDING FOR CHILDREN.
MOTHER'S care and instruction In music; ad-
vertiser can accept 5 children to board; ages
4 to \i years: rates, $8 a month. Call room 2,
S17 Market st, opposite Mason.
A GOOD country home for children with best
of care, 833 Forty-sixth St.. Oakland.
I OR 3 children to board, week or month; best
rare:sunny yard :nr.school:reasonable.l607 Cal.
IJUSIXEiSS CHA.VCES.
A— J2000; COUNTRY saloon, 30 miles from S.
F. ; rent $35; place doing business of $8)00 per
year; license $100 per year; lease. Particu-
lars R. G. WILKE, 26% Kearny st.
A — $1250 — FANCY grocery with selected stock |
of wines and liquors; no bar; bottle trade;
close to City Hall; living rooms; good busi-
ness. Call R. G. WILKE, 2fi»4 Kearny Bt.
A— $600— DELICACY, with home cooking de-
partment, doing a business of $30 per day;
rent $22; a money-making place. Call R. G.
WILKE. 2C',4 Kearny st.
A— JSOO; RESTAURANT and coffee saloon on
Geary st. ; rent $40; flrst-class business, clear-
ing about $150 a month. Call R. G. WILKE.
26*4 Kearny Bt.
A— $600; PARTNER wanted In restaurant and
coffee saloon clearing about $250 per month;
choicest location near the Presidio; a rare
chance. Call R. G. WILKE. 26^ Kearny st.
A— J500; RESTAURANT; rent $30; location
close to Kearny st.; 4 living rooms; good
business. Particulars,' R. G. WILKE, 26%
Kearny st. . ¦
A— $600: PARTNER wanted in manufacturing
business; a rare chance for right party, as
there Is money in eight. Call K. G. WILKE.
26% Kearny st.
A— $400; BRANCH bakery with niyly . fur-
nlshed room; rent $12; dally recei-.Ak^lO; lo-
cation Polk Et. Call R. G. WlXi.E. 26>/fe
Kearny st_
A RARE chance; priae J1909; dairy, produce
and delicatessen store; clearing above $150 per
month; rent $15; stock 1 will invoice price;
location can't be beat Call R. G. WILKE,
26'^ Kearny et.
A — $750; SALOON; no better located place In
this city; rent $50; place clears easily $150
per month; no night work. See R. G.
WILKE, 2€% Kearny st.
A— $2000; BOARDING and livery stable; West-
ern Addition; net rent $48; clearing above $150
* p«r month; large patronage; stock of bug^
gles. horses and harness first-class. Call R.
G. WILKE, 26H Kearny et.
A— $850; CORNER grocery and bar with 4 liv-
ing rooms; established years: rent $20; loca-
tion can't be beat and the business Is first-
class. Call R. G. WILKE, 26% Kearny st
AAA— J300; downtown cigar stand; good value.
$600— Grocery, branch bakery; good location.
$1100 — Union restaurant; no competition;
nr. 2 factories: good proposition; investigate.
$500 — Saloon on Market st.
$600— Cigar store; best location; night trade.
$500 — Saloon; merchants' lunch; good.
$400 — Cigars, notions; E. Oak.; fine f orcouple.
$1000 — Road house: splendid location.
¦ AAA— 100 cigar stands; 200 groceries and
bars; 300 candy and Icecream parlors; 500 res-
- t&urants; hundreds of businesses to choose
from. Call in and see what we can offer you.
"WALTER HAYES & CO.. 838 Market St.
A — FOR private pale; some of best saloons In
city. WALTER HAYES & CO.. 838 Market st.
A— CANDY store In Western Addition...... $ 350
Delicacy store; good stock; no opposition. 500
Saloon in business district : 4500
Saloon near beach. $40y; saloon and lodg-
ing-house 800
Photograph gallery; pays well; Market st. 2000
Merchandise business in good town 1200
Corner grocery and bar, from $100 up to.. 4000
Stationery stores, cigar stands, bath houses,
delicacy stores, in all parts of city. -from $150
up. EITEL & CO.. 1032 Market st.
A— 5000; PARTNER wanted in old-established
commission business; will clear $75 to $100 per
month to each; no experience required. See
STRAND & KAISER, 209*Kearny Et.
$100— COFFEE and chop house; bargain; sick-
ness cause of sale. • MCLAUGHLIN & CO.,
TTT'.i Market Bt.
$3250— ACTIVE man wanted as a partner in a
boarding and livery stable; sure profit of $100
a month to each; good value in sight. DON-
NELLY CO.. €22 Market st.
I HAVE bcrcains in groceries and inrs, res-
taurants, bakeries, candles, cigars notions
drug stores, etc. JOSEPH BAILIE. 7ti'J Mist.
WELL- ESTABLISHED millinery business for
eate. owing -to owner's departure from State;
gocd location. For particulars apply BUT-
Lnit, SCHUTZI3 CO.. 723 Market st.
J12.-.9— HOMESTEAD; cattle. 10 acres grain";
TOOJ cords wood: furnished house; good hunt-
ing; fine climate; immediate- Income. F
GROSS, 523 Klghih st.. Oakland. '
$500— DOCTOR wants a partner (lady pre-
ferred) in an established summer rosort near
San Francisco. F. GROSS, 523 Eighth st.,
Oakland. • ,
WE have a select list of stocks and bond s to
offer investors, payfng.5 to 15 per cent. West
Coast Investment Co... Phelan building. . .
BARGAIN — ftalcon for sale cheap; muEt be
tfal<L Apply 312 Sacramento St., wholesale
. house • ¦ ¦ *_ f .
WANTED— To rent a bakery with 2 or more
ovens; muet be cheap. Box 4204; Call" office.
f700 — SALOON and fixtures; selling on account
of sickness. Call at 6iO Slrth st.
GOOD paying dairy depot: this- is a bargain:
pripe 525": Investigate and make offer; living
rooais. Box 2379. Call office. . -
IllISIXESS CHANCES — ContlnniMl-
PARTNER— Experienced single young "man as
rartnor to open new each grocery and bar:
small capital; equal. money; reference, " ," Call
• 2222 Jackson st. - - f, . ¦ ' ' »
A YOUNG man wants ¦ to buy an interest I in
well established tailor business: is a cutter
and general tailor; best of references. -.Ad-
dress box 2317, Call office. '
CORNER grocery and bar, 4 rooms; cheap rent.
I Apply Call office. ; ¦ *
BAKERY for sale on account of sickness. Ap-
ply box 33S4, Call office. '-..' .¦ ' ¦'.
SALOON, for sale opposite the ferry; rare
chance. Ill East St., north of Market.
$125— SALOON, with Z living rooms. Box 4203,
Call office. . _
$160— PARTNER wanted; saloon. C4U Comnifr-
cial St., second doer. from Kearny: rent $20. '
WIXHALL'S candy store, factory; bargain.
200S Mission St., one door from Sixteenth./- '
WANTED— To buy an Interest in a well estab-
lished business or • manufacturing coficern
where purchaser can take charge of office
and books. Address, stating: kind of business
and amount of capital required, box 3362, Call.
DENTAL office, well advertised, doing a busi-
ness of $600 a month; this is a rare chance
for the right party. Address box 41144, Call
office. '.»¦*'.
A— $190; RESTAURANT clearing $75 month or
no sale; cheap rent; living rooms; good place
for man and wife. 436 Fourth st. , ¦ , ;
$1250 — CORNER grocery and bar and 4 rooms
nicely furnished: northern part city; take at
once; going East; no -agents.' Box 3344, Call.'
BRANCH bakery and variety store; good place
for man and wife. 591 Fourth st.
A— $190; .RESTAURANT clearing $75 month or
no sale; cheap rent; living rooms; good place
for man and wife. 496 Fourth st. ; • '
AA — $400; GRAND opportunity for lady or gent,
location perfect: cigars, periodicals, notions.
Waiting-room, 22d-ave. station, E. Oakland.
A whole building to lease: 15- Grant ave.; fine
location: suitable any business; rear entrance.
BEST place In America for roadside resort;
oheap. Owner. 454 Thirty-fourth St., Oakland.
OLD. established transfer saloon; living rooms;'
Mission; rent $30; lease; owner other, impor-
tant business; sacrifice; $650. Box '3347, Call.
MAN with $300' to Join party to work placer
claim at Capo Nome. Box 2433. Call office.
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE!.
A. CAMERON & CO.. "
850 Market st. and -8 Stockton st.
Rooms 21. 22 and 23. Phone Bush 328.
If you have hotel, rooming-house or business
to sell -list with us. We have cash customers
for all sizes and prices. '. See list of bargains.
El rooms; corner; rent $140; income $350.. $3000
66-rooms hotel: rent $150; pays well 3000
CO rooms; 2 ent; good fur., cpts; pt cash. 3500
27 rooms; cor.; good location; 'see It.....". 2300
19 rooms; rent $75: fine fur.; pays well. i> 1500
15 rooms; Geary; apartment house;, mtg.. 1100
10 rooms: Bush; rent ?o0; $650 cash ¦ 850
S-room flat; modern: nice home 450
C rooms: rent $16: gocd fur., carpets 250
18 rooms; cor.; sunny; pays well 900
12 rooms; California St.; rent $50: apart-
ments: oak and mahogany furn.; flrst-class
roomers 800
MARIOX GRIFFIN. 719 Market, by Call bid?.
$200... 6 rooms'$lCC0...20 rooms|$3300... 50 rooms
S3J0...10 rooms!$1200...18 rooms!$4000... 80 rooms
1550... 9 rooms!J1400...21 roomsl$4500... 70 rooms
$600. ..12 roomsl$1500...26 rooms1$5000... 60 rooms
$700.. .36 rooms!$16C0...20rooms!$5o00... 63 rooms
$730.. .14 rocmsl$ie50...26 rooms!$G0C0... 75 rooms
$S00...12 rooms'$1800...no roomsl$5300... 42 rooms
JS50...11 rooms !$2oOO... 30 rooms!S7000... 65 rooms
$900.. .17 rooms | $3250... 60 rooms |$90CO... 110 rooms
ATTENTION, BUYERS! \
You may buy any rooming-house In
the city, and pay for it
in monthly payments
Irom the profits
' of the house.
Vacant houses furnished.
DONALD INVESTMENT CO.. 850 Market
WINSTON & WOLF,
1026 Market st.
21 rooms: part cash: central $1200
32 rooms; rent $40; clears $100 120C
42 rooms; cheap rent; clears $100 2CC0
3.". rooms; rent $S0; reduced to 800
2$ rooms, corner, only 600
FISHER & CO.. 935 Market St., opp. Mason.
37 rooms, price fSOO; 35 rooms, price $1400.
24 rocms, price $1000; 12 rooms, price $550.
26 rooms, price $14C0: 11 rooms, price $325.
8 rooms, finely furnished, rent $30, $500.
If a bargain we have them at any price.
18 ROOMS on Pine St.. price $450.
9 'rooms on Minna St.. price $250.
14 rooms on Taylor £t, price S700.
19 rooms en Grant ave., price ?1500. .¦
Eureka Real Estate, 28 Sixth st
LODGING-HOUSE and hotels— Buyers will
find headquarters for bargains, good . loca-
tions and guaranteed titles, by calliner
G. W. SCHWEINHARD,
'917 Market st, opposite Mason.
JOSEPH BAILIE. 739 Market Bt.— A trood list
of lodging-houses.
12-ROOM house good location, good furniture,
$200. Apply 823 Howard st.
SNAP— 28-room house, all full; good reason for
selling; rent S60. 420 Sfxth st.
SPIRITUALISM.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY— I -~-
Trance. business medium; life reader: exam-
ines ore: oil locations; medical clairvoyant:
treati?. cures sick: c-ancer removed without
use of knife. 1164 O'Farrell, nr. Gough; Ellis-
et. car; fit. SI; letter. $2. Tel. Hyde 2461.
DR. WHEELER, medium, will read your life
correctly; circles Tuesday, Thursday and Sat-
urday evenings; readings dally. 1 to 4; ladies
50c, gents $1. 305 Larkin st., fourth floor,
rooms S7 and S8; 25 years a medium.
MRS. HUBBARD, 109 Oak St.— Circles Tues-
day and Friday. 8 p. m. ; Wednesday, 2:30
p. m., 10c; reading daily, 50c. .
MRS. LOUISE S. -DREW. Psychic. Electric
and Magnetic Healer. Room 14, 303 Larkin
Bt; tel. Howard 2711; hours 10 a. m. to 6 p. m
JOHN SLATER— Circles 25c. Mon. & Frl. eves..
S:13; Wed. afternoon. 2:45: sittings daily. 10
to 4, except Sun. 1809 Stockton, nr. Greenwich.
MRS. EBERHARDT'S test meeting to-night
10c. 3230 Twenty-second; bet Mission and
Valencia: phone Blue 954. - .. . - • '
EARLE 622. J Geary st.. telephone Polk 1297—
Readings daily; seances Tues., Thurs. & Sun.
W. G. KEEGAN Holds spiritual meeting every
night except Sat.; 10c. 148 Sixth St., 2d floor.
MRS. HARLAND'S circle to-night: also Wed.;
articles, sealed letters read; 10c. 143 Sixjh st.
MME. YOUNG'S demonstration of spirit return
to-night. C05 McAllister; 10c; come, skeptics.
A — MATERIALIZING seance to-night: readings
daily, 50c and $1. Arnold Dickson; 148 Sixth.
MRS. DR. DEAN, magnetic healer. 117, Taylor
st, room 14. ¦
CLAIRVOYANT, mineral psychometrist, palm-
ist and card reading, 25c. 1241% Market st.
MRS. LESTER, 148 Sixth, rm. U; dr. every
eve., 10c; except devel. cir., Friday eve., 25c.
Mrs. Gillingham, hrs. 1 to 5; circles Sun., Wed.,
Fri.. 10c. t 305 Larkin. Wed..Sat.,Oakld, 532 22d.
FRIENDSHIP Hall. 335 McAllister— Mrs. C. J.
Meyer; sittings daily; test to all to-night; 10c.
RAYMOND.* boy medium, grand trumpet se-
ance to-njght; tests to alL 609 Gough st.
KATIE HEUSSMANN, 136 West Mission St..
tir. 13th — Circle Sun. >t>.. 2Sc: gittinga dally.'
CLAIRVOYAKTS.
MME. M. BERNARD, ¦ •
THE FAMOUS V
Clairvoyant and business medium, permanent-
- ly located at 17 Third st, next Examiner bldg.
She reads yovr life correctly, gives an accur-
ate description ot the past, reveals the present
happenings and portrays events to occur In the
' future. If you are In trouble, discontented, un-
happy or not satisfied in life, or have domes-
tic, love or business troubles, consult this great
medium and you will be told how to overcome
them. Valuable' advice in all affairs of life;
25c up; perfect , satisfaction guaranteed.
MRS. DR. F. CLARK, the well-known trance
medium, is permanently located at 1206 Mar-
ket st., corner Golden Gate ave.; rooms 25 and
26; take elevator. . Perfect satisfaction guar-
anteed by mall; send stamp for. pamphlet
with special terms; | Dally and Sunday.
MME. ARNDT. the great clairvoyant, tells pat*
and future; never fails; has. the greatest
Kgyptian secret: Ehow3 picture of future hus-
band or wife; 23c up; satisfaction to every-
body; cures diseases by sympathy. 215% Sixth.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant' & card
reader, born with^double veil — second sight;
diagnoses disease with life reading; ladies 50c;
gents $1;: palm, and clair. sit., $1 50. 126. Turk.
Mrs. Dr. Saylor, queen of clairvoyants and palm-
ists; names and dates; 1, 25c; g. 50c;" mail $1.
1511% Market, op. Van. Ness; tel. Mint 1095.
ISJ1AR, the Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant , and
palmist, permanently located 1148 Market, op."
Cth; private readings dally, 10 a. m.toS p. m.
MME. MONTAGUE, clairvoyant I arid ' palmist,
gives names, facts/ dates; . satisfaction .by.
mail; inc. stamp. 1382, Mrket, op. OddFellows/
REMOVED— Mme. Sanders, 127 Mason st; medi-
• am; palmist; teaches mind telegraphy; 'gives
advice. on all business ; hours 12 to S. • . . • ¦ ¦ :
MONK! Clairvoyant, ; test 'medium; ' circles
Sunday. Tuesday, .Thursday 8 p. m.. 25c; < J33
.Taylor et . ' .. >.- ;-;: -v " - ',, - ." ' ' .
MME. WALTERS, great card reader; ladies 25c,
gents 50c. 951 Mission, nr. 6th; open Sundays.
FOR peace of ' mind .' see Mesmar. • the - great
•-, clalr., life reader; truth • only.c'1152 Mission."
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant: card-reader; • la-
dles 25c; gents $0c. 132 Sixth st
CL A IttYO YAXTS— Cnnflnnf fl.
MRS. MELVILL." well-known clairvoyant, wate'r
reader. 11.6th; German spoken; tel.Howard.lS46
MME.-, SCHAFFER, . clairvoyant, card reader:
. sittings dally.' 448% "Jessie at, bet. Sth. and Cth.
I MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card 'reader and
palmistry; truth or.no pay; 2oc. 1143 Mission.'
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently: business
advice; names given: 25c up. ; 5 Fourth st _'
CARPET HEATING AXD CLEANING.
WHEN- you become disgusted ,-with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer , Carpet-Beat-
ing Works, 353-357 Tehama st. ; tel. . South 40.
ADVANCE Carpet-Cleanincr Co.. 402 Sutter st. ;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM, Proprietor. -.
RUDOLPH & CO.. carpet-beating works; prices
..' reasonable. 1703 Harrison; tel. Howard 2351.
' JONES & CO:, reliable carpet cleaners and ren-
ovators. 25-27 Eighth St.; tel. Jessie 106L -;
SANITARY cleaning and dyeing company. "342-
344 McAllister st; phone South 146. ' '
CITY Steam Carpet-Beating Works. . G. H.
STEVENS, mgr.. 38-40 Sth st. ; tel. South 250.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet-Beating and Reno-
vatlng Co., 240 Fourteenth st ; tel. Mission 74.
CARPETS cleaned at the lowest rates. STRAT-
• TON, 3 Eighth st. ;. telephone Jessie 944.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-Beating Works, 333 Golden
- Gate ave. ; telephone East 126.
' 'CHIROPODISTS. 1 ¦,
' INGROWN nails, bunions, . corns, warts, , chil-
blains; painless cure. Dr. Duncan. 415 Sutter.
- COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency— No charge un-
¦ less successful. Room 310. 927 Market st
COTTAGES" TO LET, 1 ;
LOVELY sunny cottage; water free. 637 Do-
lores st. near Twentieth. '. , • -^ -.
' » DENTISTS.
. A/Fthe ELIECTRO^DENtXl CLINIC, 809 Mar-
ket St.. cor. 4th. rm. 7, Flood bldg., you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns,-
$3 CO up; plates, extractions free. $4 50 up; of-
fice hours, 9 a. m. to 10 p. m. : Sundays; 9 to 2
p. m. J. W. THATCHER. M. P.; Manager.
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, : bridges
and filings; extractions 'or fillings by my*
wonderful secret, painless method;- 20 years" !
experience: no students; advice free; prices
cheapest and guaranteed: lady attendants.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell St.,
A— NEW unbreakable plate, the Rose Pearl,
warranted for 20 years; crowns. $3 BO; fillings.
EOc; plates, $5: full set; all work painless and
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth.
EXPERT dentist in order to build up a prac-.
tice will fill teeth, make plates, gold crowns
and bridge work at bedrock prices; payments.
Office 1141 Polk St.. cor. Sutter; open Sundays. :
A NEW thing In gold filling; no hammering as
before; absolutely no pain: investigate; exam-
inations free. Ideal Dental Co.. 6 Eddy.r.44&32.
PARIS Dental Parlors. 235 Kearny. cor. Bush —
Full set of teeth. $4: crowns, $3; fillings, 25c.
DR R. L. WALSH.815% Geary.nr. Larkin— Pain-
less extraction 50c;plates $5 up;phone Polkll35.
DR. H. G. TRUMAN, dentist, third floor. Ex-
aminer building:; formerly In Murphy bldg.
LOWEST prices in S. F.- Painless extraction,
EOc. N. Y. Dentists, 969 Mission st. cor. 6th.
VAN VROOM — "Painless"; evenings and Sun-
days.' 3001 Market st. corner Sixth.
SET of teeth without plate. DR. H. G.
¦TOT-NO. 1241 Polk st.
BRESSSIAKEKS ASD SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWELL Dressmaking & millinery School —
Cla?s rates; patterns cut. 1019 Market st; •
ACCORDEON pleating; country orders prompt
attention. 121 Post, nvor O'Connor & Mnffatt.
| EDUCATIONAL.
| GALLAGHER-MARSH College, Parrott bldg.—
I Shorthand. ¦ typing and bookkeeping; Robert
F. Gallagher, expert court reporter, teacher of
shorthand: reportorlal phrasing taught; prac-
tical bookkeeping, full course, $50; catalogue.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 'Post st,
, E. F.— Bookkeeping, shorthand, " typing, lan-
guages, telegraphy. English branches, civil,
electrical and mining engineering, etc.; day
& night sessions; new 80-page catalogue free.
AYRES' Business College, 723 Market St.— Day
& eve.; bookkeeping, shorthand, typing, teleg-
raphy, ttc. ; life scholarship, $30; Individual
instruction; positions secured: catalogue free.
A — THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
Fchool for the university, law and medical
._ colleges; references. President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building. :
CALIFORNIA/BUSINESS COLLEGE hasposl-
tlons guaranteed to it by written contract And
can therefore with confidence guarantee posi-
tions to all its graduates. 305 Larkin St.- - *
ACTING, elocution, specialties; Hallett School,
associated ,wlth theatrical agency securing
positions. Alcazar. building. 120 O'Farrell ;-st
ENGINEERING — Civil, elec;.minlng,mech., sur-
vey, assay, cyanide; day. eve.; est. 1864. Van
der Naillen School. 113 Fulton; nr. City Hall.
A FULL cojrse of Ellis bookkeeping and the
Gregg shorthand costs only $60. San Fran-
cisco Business College. 1236 Market st.
A SPECIALTY— Perfecting beginners; business
college graduates: bookkeeping: figures; short
time. TARR. exp. acct.. 220 Parrott bldg.
MERRILL-MILLER College, shorthand and
typing, removed to new quarters, rms. 40-45,
' Parrott bldg.. Individ. Instruction: catalogue.
PROF. L. MKRKI, successful teacher of violin,
mandolin an! guitar. 1008 Mission st, rir. 6th.
EHORTHANI taught by- mall and personally.
MISS M. C . BARRETT. 302 Montgomerjrst.
Munson. Scho>l Shorthand, Typing.Bookkeeping,*
Spanish; 137 Montgomery, E. M. Carpenter, p>-.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc.: day. or eve.; $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
ELECTRO-THERAPUTIC.
Eleetric-Chemlo medication cures faulty nutri-
tion, nerve, blood & . constitutional diseases.
Drg. K. fc K.'n Kloctrln FanUarlmn. « Mgeon..
E»IFLOY»IENT OFFICES.
JAPANESE Employment Office and House-
cleaning Co.; best help; send men at short
notice. 1125 Sutter. nr. Polk; tel. Larkin 2391.
JAPANESE and Chinese help, of all kinds;
cooks, waiters and house servants. ! GEO.
AOKI & CO.. 421 Post st; tel. Bush 135.
ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese, Chl-
nese help. 426 Powell. nr.Sutter: tel. Black 5072.
JAPANESE, central housecleanlng and employ-
roent: all kinds help. 1046 Sutter; tel. East 203.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese employment of-
fice; all kinds help. 815 Stockton; Main 5183.
CHINESE and Japanese employment . office—
Best help. 411^ O'Farrell St. : ¦ tel. East 426.
EWMf^OYMByT^A^
A . RELIABLE young woman . from . the • East
wishes a' position as chambermaid or sewing
or general housework in a small family. Call
or write to 258% Tehama st ¦' -.-;... ' , . " '
SITUATION wanted by a middle-aged woman;
•.good cook; good references. 912 "Howard t St.,
near Fifth. 1 •'"'- •; '. ' T . '
GIRL wants position doing second work and
plain sewing. : Address 554. Folsom st. .' ,_
BY reliable' housekeeper, ', speaking French:
middle-aged; good cooking for small family;
no washing. Address 814A Larkin, st. '.,•¦, <
COMPETENT girl desires situation to do cook-
ing and some housework; | Call at 25% Lafay-
ette Et., bet. 11th and 12th,, Mission and How.
EASTERN lady i wants . a ". situation by ¦ the
month as hairdresser and seamstress; a good
. dressmaker. Address box 2251, Call,, Oakland.
SITUATION wanted to do second work," or will
take care of - children. Call . at 2418 Geary ¦ st.
A SCANDINAVIAN girl wishes a situation In
• light housework. 316% Rltch st'W- > ; .-V
WOMAN wants work or will assist with gen-
eral housework. ¦ 429 Fell st. i -- > ': , . '.-»..-
WANTED— Plain sewing at 137 . Julian ave.,
room 11. " '. ,' *¦,/".' -."'
GIRL j j for general housework | and cooking. •
Please 'call at 421 Ashbury . St., corner of
: Page, between . 10 and ¦ 12. _-- ; . •¦¦.--. * . . - ¦
A GIRL wishes a position with; nice family to
¦ do . -. housework ; ' wages $20; • , Address 1302%
: Hayesst. ' s : s •"';"« . 4 ¦; '--'-. -.> . ;.-* A "-:.:•
WANTED— By • „ middle-aged woman,' Might
¦ housework ; sleep - home ; ¦: couple hours . daily.
. 31 Fulton st. ;. . . ? . r:.'( ,•¦'.-, ' %
MIDDLE-AGED woman would like* a position
'• as cook or working • housekeeper /! or . house-
work. 675TMission st. . » : _'•'"-,, ¦". •; .
' RESPECTABLE r woman wants position ¦'¦ In
small I family to ) do housework ; j .good • cook ;
¦ small ¦ washing. . ' 258 : Eighth Bf, \ -,.."- >. . >.¦
YOUNG .Scandinavian, girl; wishes. position as
f second < girl . or general « housework. . 447 - Na-
,,. toma st, -between; Fifth and .Sixth. ; ' >
RESPECTABLE . woman ¦¦ with girl ; 6 years old
wants : housework ; | plain ' cook, small - boarding
: house; wages $12; city preferred." .744 Howard.
A i COMPETENT " cook would do down stairs
.work i and. cooking* or> general "i housework;
. . wages $25;. no; postals."" 815' Mission -st -'..-.-: -.
COMPETENT ladies'; nurse wishes situation in
;. confinement or as -Invalid's nurse; references'
MRS. ¦> L. Me.,-; 2406 Post ; st " j ;; : #\ - -', ; ,- c ~, .:,
A" NORWEGIAN girl ' wants i to ' do " housework
v for a' Bmall'tamlly. ' 73 ; Thirteenth Bt :-•>¦--; x;
EMPLOYMENT - WANTED— FEMALE;
HOWARD, -I030— A Swedish girl of experience;
a good cook; also housework; city references.
¦¦ ' Call > from. 12»to. 3, . room ¦ IS ; - no .¦ postals. < . .. ¦
Respectable young 'married woman with child
2 yrs. of age would like situation ay working
Address H. P., 1535 Masonic ave.
A" FRENCH cock wishes : a situation in a prl-
/ vate family; has good references. .Address 114
Trentcn st., between Jackson and Pacific.
SITUATIONS wanted Jay • two young women;
'Americans; one. as companion for an invalid,
¦the -other upstairs work ; no waiting. -Box
''10, ; Call office. • ? ; ¦ :«; : '•'-.- ¦" -. ' : - - '
YOUNG lady wishes place as housekeeper. Call
) at-827 Howard st.. rocm 15. ; ' ¦'-". ¦'.
WOMAN wants washing or other work to do.
¦M: REICHOW, 417 Harrison st.
FIRST-CLASS dressmaker; late of New York,
wishes to go out for $2 a day. . Apply to MRS.
. N. WAHLQUIST. 509 Kearny st.
WOMAN with child wishes position as house-
keeper or general housework. 332 A Twelfth/
ALL are notified to redeem their articles. lm-
,' mediately, as I am going out of business.
UNCLE . HARRIS. 15 Grant ave. ¦ '
WINCHESTER House, 4 44 Third st., near Mar-
ket— 200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 per night; $1 60 to
- $6 week; convenient and respectable; free 'bus
.and baggage to and from ferry.. - * '
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions . has been established at ' 1096
Valencia st.-. ¦ -
EMPLOYMENT WANTED— MALE.
A YOUNG Jewish man, 27 years old, having had
several years' experience in general merchan-
dise business . as clerk, wishes position I In
. same, or grocery business ; good printer for
advertisement cards, and not scared of work.
A. SIMONS, 207 Eddy st., San Francisco.
ELDERLY German, willing and obliging, . for
general work about place; understanding care
of horses and small garden; most produce;
first-class local references; wages $20. Box
14, Call office. - ¦ ¦ • - :-. , -
BARKEEPER, speaking English and French,
would accept situation to work six or twelve
'hours;., city ref erences ; bonds if required.
Address box 3386. Call office. '.'.*"-.
SITUATION about place by man who is handy
with tools and is willing to make himself
j generally useful; references first-class; city
,- preferred. A. HcG. , box 4202, Call office.
RELIABLE man and wife want work; can do
any kind. ,, Call or address 718 Howard st.
YOUNG man, 20 year.3 old, wants situation on-
: chicken ranch ; exparienced. W. & S-, 204 Turk.
A FIRST-CLASS carriage painter, wants posi-
tion In country. Box 3385, Call office. . . .
YOUNG man desires situation; machine shop
or factory mod. wages. C. H. T., 204 Turk.
NURSE (male), who is also competent secre-
tary,- stenographer, etc., .desires position;
, would take charge of invalid; flrst-class ref-
erences. Box 3358, Call office. '
A STEADY, reliable man wants a position as
marker and distributer In a country laundry;
will make himself generally useful. Address
box 3293, Call office. ¦"¦ !¦¦¦ ¦¦ '¦ .
BONDS GIVEN— Reliable young man desires
position of trust as cashier, receiving clerk,
etc. Box 3S78. Call office. • -¦
YOUNG ¦ German butcher wishes position.
Please address 62 Second street ¦
WANTED— A position as cutter and general
tailor, city or country; young man, steady and
industrious;- best ol references. Address G.
C. WINTERBERG. 1618& Turk St.
SAWMILL men ; a good' blacksmith or engi-
neer, also millwright, wants position; refer-
ence. Address E. F. V.. Berkeley. Postofflce.
ALL are notified to redeem their articles Im-
mediately. ¦ as I am going out of business.
UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant ave.
EXPERIENCED .engineer wishes situation; go
anywhere ; references. Box 3271, Call office. •
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions : has been established at ' 1096
Valencia st. __
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore.
}',¦'' FE ATH E R R ENO V A.TI > T Q. J^J
Feather beds, pillows, hair mattresses steamed;
purified. Owen McCabe. 870 ' Mission, cor. 8th.
- . ''FINANCIAL.
"WANTED — $4000, 9V& per cent, on ranch; within'
65 miles; ample security. Box 2841. Call office.
FLATS- *O LET.
APPLY at 1722 Howard st for flat of 6 rooms;
; very sunny; 3 front; water free: rent, $17.
ALL are notified ' to redeem their articles Im-
1 mediately, as I am going out at. business.
UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant ave. »
FINE upper sunny modern . flat of 4 rooms
and bath; large yard. 615 Grove st, near
, Laguna. ¦ .¦ f '¦ ' ¦. '-¦¦..
FLAT, 5 rooms; perfect order; modern Im-
provements; rent $18. Inquire 1308 Powell st.
LOWER flat, 6 rooms; stationary tubs; rent
reasonable. 329 Tehama et.. bet. 4th and 5th.
PINE, 2617, nr. Dev. — New, sunny bay window
flat, 7 rooms and bath; all late Improvements.
SUNNY bay-window corner flat, 7 rooms. bath.>
1S76 Fifteenth St., near Dolore,s. /
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
FURNITURE FOR SALE. ;
WE will 'furnish your housfe on monthly pay-
ments. A.' B. SMITH Furniture Co., 128
and 132 Ellis St. . ,'¦ . . .
4 ROOMS furnished in oak, $48 50, with No. 7
range. King, Furniture Co., 1127-1131 Market
. . FURNITURE WANTED.
CAL. Auction Co., 1462 Market — Buys furniture,
merchandise, etc. ; phone Jessie 2071.
AUCTIONEER John Elder, 22 Kearny; buys &
sells your bus., merchandise, fur., carpets.etc.
IF you- want to sell furn., mdse., etc.. see J. A.
Munro & Co., 240 Stockton st. ; tel. James 1541.
BEFORE disposing of your furniture see
Golden Gate Auction Co., 928 Howard st. ,
A. WOLLPERT, 773 Mission St., pays highest
; price for second-hand furniture; tel. Red 1354.
Auctioneer— L. Vincent, 1305 Larkin; tel.Polk694;
furniture &,furn'd houses bought; spot cash.
CHAS. LEVY • buys your furniture, carpets,
pianos, etc. 1135 Market St. ; tel. Jessie 761.
A WEEK'S news for, 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
• 16 pages. In wrapper for mailing. $1 per year;
Z HELP | WASTED — FEMALE.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S...... 104 Geary st.
-: :."... HOTEL DEPARTMENT ...........
¦i Chambermaid and waitress, summer resort;
Bee party here at 10:30..... ....'....$20 each
I Waitresses, springs, different places .$20
; "Waitresses, Santa Cruz .$20
2 waitresses, summer resorts, see parti eb
here ........,.;.... i.... :............ ..?20
. Waitresses,- commercial and city hotels.... $20
'Mother and daughter or two friends as cook
and helper, i country, hotel, • fare * paid;, aleo
waitress, same place...... ..$70
...... FAMILY DEPARTMENT ....'.:....
»"; Cooks, housegirls,". nurseglrls, second girls,
city and country, cooks for dairies, . lumber
¦ camps, ' ranches, etc. ; ¦ best • of . wages; fares
paid to all country places. Apply ;
C. R. HANSEN & CO ....104 Geary Bt ¦¦
A HEAD waitress for a commercial hotel,
* $35-$40.." Apply ¦ ' - '--¦ ¦ ¦ :
cC. R, : HANSEN- & COl .....104 Geary st. ,
A » NEAT; experienced saleslady ¦ for candy
store, near city, 1 $25, see party here. .
C. R. HANSEN^fc CO.. :.:104 Geary at.
A NURSE, care of children. Oakland, $26, see
party here. ' - \ ¦¦-'• •' ¦ ¦ .
'\ C. R.' HANSEN & CO:..... ....104 Geary st
WANTED^-Cook, plain wash,- $30; cook for
¦ Stockton, ' no - wash, , $30; cook, ¦: plain ' . wash,
- $25, also nurse and little second work." same
.» house; $25; v girl, general housework, • $30;
I cook, plain . wash, . Napa County, $30; . girl,
general ; housework, h Martinez, $30; waitress,
some washing, summer resort' $25; ¦ 2 : walt-
. 'resses for resorts,' $20 and $25; waitress, coun-
- try hotel, $25; -3 waitresses, restaurant, $8 a
, week; cook, country boarding-house, $35;. also
; ' waitress, same v place , $25 ; 41 • girls ¦ for ' house-
; ¦ work. $20 to $30. Apply to J. F. CROSETT
& CO., 316 Sutter st. ::. ."-..'-'*¦ V V-
A— HOTEL GAZETTE, 26 Montgomery, ' rm. 1 12.
Chambermaids' and "waitresses, springs; ; $20. :
STRONG - • middle-aged ' . woman ; for
¦ housework In family ¦ 6' adults; ; no i washing;
.•' must sleep out; wages $30. Apply forenoon,
' ' 2520 Clay . st., - near -; Steiner. .:¦'.>.--.-' - / ' ; : -:
GIRL— White or colored, gen' 1 housework small
.; family- plain cooking; no children or wash'g.-
;'.19th:st., bet.' 16th , & 17th ' aves., E. Oakland.
WOMAN for : light 'housework; ' good home if
.'» willing, to assist lady .' doctress; good pay;
. state j age. > Box 3383, Call office. ¦'' '. -¦.-%
REFERENCED 5 Protestant nurse J for s grown
. ¦> children ; j $25.» CATTELL' S; 625 • 8th, » Oakland.
, WANTED— Good .operator on -vests, -."$12H per
..:-, week. ; HENRY ¦ HILP, 7 106 Battery ¦ et. -. .
Al FINISHERS on suits. ; *M.SIMINOFF;, 1228
Market st.- ; •>/.;¦ - ,>-*-,- ."".. -¦ v- ¦-¦¦•¦¦¦-..¦'J-^.:-:^
EXPERIENCED " girls to run foot ¦ power | sew-
> ing; machines.' ¦ E. - ; H. ' LEVY, ¦ 513 Market : st f
OPERATORS i wanted at Levl Strauss ! ft Co.'»
: overall : factory. .¦, 3214 Fremont : st. Apply t«
«. <-¦"¦-.?¦- : "/ ¦':¦- """*'¦¦¦¦¦. >r>it.^-''r' -
MRS. 4 M. E. DAY. . ?/.;.* . . . ?.V. IPhone' Main 1375
• .....::... HOTEL DEPARTMENT . .". . '.. . . ...
Head waitress, $30 and found; head waitress.,
! city,. $.5; 18 waitresses, ; city, country and re-
sorts, $20 and $25; 2 waitresses, flrst-class
commercial hotel; $25, fare' here; chambermaid
to wait, $25; 2 chambermaids to wait; springs,*
. $20 ; pantry woman, Lake Tahoe, \ fare < here;
waitress, helps hall. Lake Tahoe, fare here.
.'••• FAMILY DEPARTMENT ....r......
3 Cooks, $30; 25 housegirls. $20 to $25; nurse,
one baby, San Rafael, $20; many others. MRS.
M. E. DAY. 335 Geary st. - , ':.
FINISHERS on vests. ¦ BELASCO & HARRIS
CO.. 541 Market st. , ;
FIRST-CLASS button-hole maker. BELASCO
6 HARRIS CO.. 541 Market St.
GIRL to assist in pressing and assist in ¦ f ac-
tory. MARKS BROS.., 1212 Market- st'
MIDDLE-AGED woman to wait on sick lady,
¦ $5 per week. 320^ Sutter St. "
GIRL for general housekeeping and cooking;
small washing; no window-cleaning. 1303
. Octavla st -:- , ,¦¦:.- . ?
WANTED— Good cook for men. Apply 2030
v Seventeenth st.y cor. Vermont/. v *
WANTED— Young, girl . as apprentice for fac-
tory. MARKS BROS.. 1212 Market st
WANTED — A good, sewer, and also an appren-
- tlce for dressmaking. , : 120V& Hayes Bt. . ¦
GIRL for general housework. Call 1121 Green-
wlch st. near Hyde. •
WANTED— Young girl : to assist with baby;
good home. 1474 Page »t. . '- .-.¦..
COMPETENT - young woman to do general
housework and cooking. Apply 900 Guerrero.
COMPETENT' girl - for general . housework;
wages $25; references. -:¦ 1417 Eddy St. ....'.
PANTS operator wanted; steady work; good
wages. 229 Fifth st.
A GIRL for light housework. 1123 Steiner St..
near Turk. .„ . ' , ; . - -
PANTS finishers; steady work. 838 Howard st,
over handball court. j$ ' .
A FIRST-CLASS finisher on pants; 75 cents a
pair; steady work. 212H Tehama St.. upstairs.
GIRL wanted to do general housework. 117
Clipper, Bt. bet. 25th and 26th. off Church.
GIRL wanted; light- housework, plain cook-
ing; small family. 1829 Devlsadero st.
GIRL for light housework. 3627 Seventeenth,
st, near Dolores. • '.: •• ~- ' . -
WANTED— 200 operators on overalls and
shirts for a union factory.. Apply at oKlce of
United Garment Workers of • America, room
205, Emma ' Spreckels building, »27 Market st.
WANTED— Unincumbered woman for respon-
sible position; doctor's widow preferred; sal-
¦ ary and expenses; references. Box 3395, Call.
OPERATORS on muslin underw>&ar; also learn-
" era. G. W. REYNOLDS. 697 Mission ct, cor-
ner Second.
HAIRDRESSING thoroughly taught In 2wks.;
entire course $5 ; positions guaranteed ; big' sal-
ary at start. Halrdresslng College, 574 Geary.
ALL are notified to redeem their articles im-
mediately, as I am going out .of business.
UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant ave.
FINISHERS ¦ on coats and operators. J.
BLOOM, 631% Stevenson st. - •-;'"-
60 GIRLS wanted. Apply at Long Syrup Ref.
Co., Eighth and Brannan sts.
FIRST-CLASS talloress on good custom coats.
631% Stevenson st. . . ' ...
"WANTED— Talloress on vests. 604 Merchant
st., rocm 15. . " -..
LADIES seriously wishing to marry send ad-
dress and description to Mrs. Hertz, 706 Ellis.
GIRLS from 15 to 18 years of age. Apply at
once. AMES & HARRIS. 100 Sacramento Bt.
GIRLS 'wanted. Bookbindery. 536 Clay st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Flllmore.
A BRANCH of floe for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1098
Valencia Et. ¦ ¦ \ , ' . , r , .
' HELr WANTED— MALE. - 1
A— MURRAY & READY........ Phone Main 5848
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
;. Want— 7 a. . m. To-day....
FREE FARE FREE....... FREE FAPwE
60 Teamsters and laborers, R. I R. ' work,
i Ukiah ....:.. ...$2 day
150 Laborers, S. 1 P. R. R. Co.'s own work
for Los Angeles and . Santa Barbara
division 7 .' $1 75 to $2 50 day
FREE FARE '.....:.'... ...OFFICE FEE $1
. 2 Carpenters, city ..:%Z day
10 Carpenters, Fawmill, country, long job
-, ¦.... :v $60 and founJ
.Cement finisher, ¦ Oregon, $3 to $4 day,.... P*
¦ ..; ......half fare paid
5 Crosscut sawyers..:..... .....free fare
2 Carpenters' helpers, ranch....... ?S2 50
3 Ranch carpenters— blacksmith. r.... $3 50 day
Blacksmith helper, city.. $52; board home
9 Blacksmiths, different shops, camps and
ranches
$3 50 and $3 day, $60, $50 and $40 and found
2 Blacksmith helpers, wood turner and band
sawyer .'..
FOR MINES, QUARRY. ETC
4 Muckers, $60; 10 single hand miners, $60 ; 25
laborers, surface work, different mines, $60,
$34 and $30 and found; 9 machine and single
hand miners, J90, $75 and $60; 7 rock drillers,
$60; 15 laborers, quarry, $2 day; :4 laborers,
• San Mateo County. $52; 10 laborers, city, $1 75
day; 5 laborers, city, $27 50, board and lodg-
ing; sawyers, teamsters; cant hook men, set-
ters and edge'r men for Arizona. . Reduced
fare.: : :
FARMS— DAIRIES— STABLES .......
150 Haymakers, run mowers, $125 day,. $175
day; 58 farmers, orchard and vineyard, $26, $30
and $35; 15 milkers, $30 and $35; cheese maker:
7 stablemen and buggy . washers, $50, $40 and
$30; buggy washer, 50c fare, $40; 2 men, "cut
and pack asparagus, $30
HOTEL AND OTHER HELP— BUTCHERS.
5 Butchers, packing house, slaughter and
shop. $65, $50 and $30 and found; 9 ranch
cooks, $25 and $30; 4 cooks; hay press and har-
vest crews; 3 camp cooks, $35 and $45; 9 cooks,
$30 to $50; 17 waiters, $30 and $35; foreman
baker and 7 bakers, different places, $60, $50
and $40; vegetablemen, kitchen hands, etc. ;
"cake baker, country shop."......"?.. .;.:.¦;. '.....;.
MURRAY. & READY : ..634-636 Clay st
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S... ;..1O4 Geary Bt
.......FOR NEW RAILROAD WORK
50 Teamsters. Ship to-night.. free farcTruckee
.60 Laborers. . Ship to-night.. free farcTruckee
100 Tunnelmen, drillers and, muckers.. $2, $2 50
For Chatsworth Park.. Ship to-night.. free fare
60 Laborers.... Ballasting track.... Coast Road
B0 Laborers, Santa Barbara & L." A.' Divisions
Ship to-night Free Fare...... Ship to-night
B0 Teamsters, • ship dally,' free fare, Ukiah.. $3
'60 Laborers, ship daily, free fare, Ukiah.... $2
BO Laborers for. Company work,' country, $2 25
a day; 6 men to pile lumber and work around
sawmill, Sonoma .County, $35 and board and
fare paid > 10 laborers for mine, $2. a day; 3
blacksmiths, country; $2 50 a day; 20 farmers;
milkers and choremen, $1 and $1 25 a day and
• $30 and . found ; buggy washer, $40. . . .'.
.. .....I... HOTEL 'DEPARTMENT ......i....
Head cook, summer resort, $70, see party here;
head cook, country hotel, $60; cook for club,
country, ;¦ $50 to $60, see ; party here; second
cook and baker, < summer resort, $50; third
• cook, summer resort, $50 and farej 3 restau-
rant cooks, city, $50 to $65; short order cook,
$65; fry cook, $50; 10 waiters, country hotel,
. $30 and $25: 20 dishwashers and kitchen hands,
~ $25. and $30; waiter for offices, * hall, institu-
tion, $30; waiter for , steamer; $30...... :........ ;
All round hand, laundryman, for summer re-
sort. ............................................ $35
C. R. HANSEN & CO.... '....;. "..104 Geary it.
WANTED— First-class 'coachman.' $30; wheel-
wright for ranch, $45 and found; blacksmith
on ranch, ?45 and. found; 4-horse ; teamster,
$2 a day; milker, and -run j separator, i $35 and
found; miner to run' air - drill, ' $3; . chuck
. tender, $2 50 day; setters, $3 50 a day; edger-
raan, $3 a day; crosscut - sawyers, \ $35 and
board; teamster, " $40 ' and board; canthook
:,men; $45; all for Arizona; milker and butter-
maker, ¦•$40 and board. -Apply to JV F." CRO-
SETT &: CO., 628 Sacramento st r ' ..- ." ¦
2 COOKS and wives, $50 and $60; steward/ and
2 waiters for springs, $30 .and $25, see em-
ployer here; hotel waiters, $25 and $30; bak-
ers and > bakers', helpers, dishwashers | and
others.: J. F. CROSETT & CO.,- 628 Sacra-
mento St. '..'"... "^ ¦"-¦'..¦•-•'..-.'..'-.'" ».*'•¦ .^.V.. ---;.*¦_
WANTED— 3 « miners, $2 50 - a day f and board ;
English groom, . $35 ; . gardener, . •¦- $40 ; can-
i washer. $40; cheesemaker, $35; farmer; and
-.-¦.wife, - $45; laborers for quarry, $2 a day; and
; ' others. : Apply , to J. F. ; CROSETT & CO., 62S
-.. Sacramento st .- .•":.¦-;¦.¦; -'.¦
AT THE CAL. EMPLOYMENT; AGENCY,
v ¦ « » 69 . Third st. ; phone," Bush 405. -'¦-:;¦:
Carload of railroad • laborers, S. P. C.'own
-:work; for, Santa Barbara division..';.':.;..;-^.-.
." Free fare... :...;;. Free fare.'.:.. .....Free 'fare
,' '_, 10 men for lumber, woods .'......'..;. . .* . free fare
:. 4 redwood tlemakers; He." .T^.V;.v.'.'.;.free fare
. '4 men-to make pickets. ..".... .$6 per thousand
¦8 men to pile lumber, ?C5 to $40 per mo and bd
.'15 men for rock crusher.... $2 to $2 25 per day
,'6 all-round farm hands ;."". /..";'.::;.$1 25 per day
; 12 haymakers.........;.. .;..;$! 25 to $2 per! day
:-. Stableman," country........ $26, to $30 per month
carpenters.. ......... .::... $2 60 per. day
; , 6 men for quarry ;..;.:.. ¦.".'..$2 -to $2 25 per day
. '2 all-round, ranch "hands.".::. ;.*.$35 year round
' 1' shoemaker,' repair, work. ".$10 to $12 perweek
% Horseshoer;for country. .. ..„'.". .'..$2 50 per day
¦¦' • 20 ' laborers. :.:..'. . ..... ;. . ;.-.". .*. . ..;-. . .$2 -per : day,
A— HOTEL j GAZETTE,; 26 Montgomery; r; 12.—
• -. Middle-aged .: man :; for i hatroom,".' $25 ;. second
:. cook, V springs, $40;;^third, cook, $30. ,. > , j
,W ANTED at Master Bakers'- Protective Asso- '
s.r elation;; V foreman, ; second " and > third bread
:¦ bakers;! also. confectioners; good pay; perma-
r.'nent positions. .." 127, Mason st':.-,*". ¦ ¦ ¦ -. ¦ '
JOURNEYMEN , Barbers* International Union— ,
• Free ¦ employment. t> 927 : Market % st ; : room * 207."!
r;* I. 'LESS, a Secretary; telephona Jessie 1178. "t i
; - i >¦¦::¦ %•¦ r . - - * •--- --, .- ¦".
> ;. HELP *: WANTED— MAJjE-^-C«Jii/^_
BOSS^rte^mWtlng"to-night.'8:a). l^O-Far-
.rell st. ; S. HELLER. Sec. Boss Barbers Pro-
tective .Assn. ",- i." .' * '
WANTED-Manager (new store) n>en *f l1 ! *£_ l i
- apply by letter, giving reteTencea. all com
munlcatlons confidential. Box 4201. Can.. :
"WANTED— Xwo experienced - * dv « r *' aln * ' 8^"
licitors ; will pay ' good salary. Call room J,
608 California st. city. .. ¦' - J
WANTED— Man to -work on fruit 5 an . < *:.iS£
his wife to cook: German preferred. Address
box 77, Gllroy. Cal. ' : ¦ • .«. ' - 1 • \
WANTED-^Experienced and competent _cutter
for country. Apply REISS BROS. & CO., it
-- Sutter st. •-•-¦ -. ¦¦'. ¦>• . ¦•»¦"¦ J
WANTED— Gold miners; steady y ol *!il.4»| r
day and board; Nevada.' - L.' H. ROGERfa.
Grand Hotel. ' . ' • _>
EXPERIENCED cigar salesman for city; nrust
- give bond and reference. Box 3382. Call ornce.
BOY wanted; about 18 years old. DECKEL-
MAN BROS.." 106 E1113 st. > ' '
WANTED— Piano player. Call at room 24.
"Wellington rooming house. 75 Third st.
SHOP boy, wanted In pWnt shop? .120 Eddy st'
STRONG, intelligent boy of 18. S. N. WOOD
& CO.. 713 Market st. •
WRAPPER— Young man with experience in
wrapping. ROOS BROS. :
A— STEADY man with $125 cash can make $75
- a month. Apply at 209 Kearny St.. room 1.
TAILOR wanted.' German-American * Tailors,
1644 Polk st. / ¦ - •
WOOD turner wanted for this morning. Pacific
Planing Mills.. Berry st... near Sixth. *
WANTED— Flrst-class operators on cloaks and
suits.. 1228 Market «t. *¦ ¦ ,
BARBERS— Snap; t chairs; $49 week; other
business; sell at once. Room A. 935 Market.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly idamaged, half
price. 562 Mission St., bet. 1st and 2d sts.
WANTED— Man to carry banner. Nome
. ticket office, 634 Market st. - .
MAN" to carry advertising sign on street; el-
derly man preferred. 342 Kearny st.
SECOND on bread; gaod wages; short hours.
612 Kearny st. ' "* ¦ .
WANTED— Man or woman to care for place.
~ 30 Hannah st, Oakland, Watta tract.
CARRIAGE painters wanted. LOWNEY
BROS.. 42fi Ninth st. . • ¦
DISHWASHER wanted at 1224 Point Lobos ave.
$12 per month and found.
WANTED— Flrst-class painter ¦ and paper
hanger. ADDly 1614 Market st. ¦ .- *
WANTED— Men '. to learn barber trade; $60
monthly paid our graduates; two months
completes; more calls for our barbers than
we can supply; tools presented; wages Sat-
urdays; 'diplomas granted;, busy season now;
call or write for our special offer ' to-day.
MOLER BARBER COLLEGE. 635 Clay st.
"WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin, Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, *217 Third st.; 150 large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
PENSION AGENT EDWARD A. BULLIS,
Past Commander Geo. H. Thomas Post No. 2.
G. A." R.; room 40, Phelan bids.. 806 Market.
"WE can give steady employment to 100 flrst-
claBS book canvasser*. WESTERN BOOK
COMPANY, Fresno, Cal. . .- -
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 25c
to 50c. 562 Mission St., bet. 1st and 24 sta.
ALL are notified to redeem their articles im-
mediately as I am going- out of business.
UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant ave.
WANTED— A cook for country family board-
ing house. Box 3400. Call office. -
McDONALD & PERRY have 500 pairs second-
hand shoes for sale, 50c up. 241 Third st
WANTED— 500 men to buy new_ and 2nd-hand
army shoes, $1 up: soling 20c up. 923 Howard.
MEN to learn barber trade; catalogue mailed
free. S. -F. Barber School, 741A Howard st.
AT cash prices for $1 per week, men's suits to
order. NEUHAUS.& CO., 115 Kearny st.
PENSIONS— J. H.' SHEPARD & CO., attys.,
Hearst bldg.. Third "and Market, room 318.
WANTED^-Recruits' for the marine corps, U.
S. Navy; able-bodied. .unmarried men of good
character, ¦ between the ages of '21 and 35; not
than 5 feet 4 inches and not over 6 feet 1
. inch, able to read and speak English. For
further information apply to the Recruiting
Office, 40 Ellis st. San Francisco.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st'. near Mar-
'ket— 700 rooms, '25c night; reading-rooms; free
' 'bus and baggage to and from ferry. .
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
-.Valencia st. " * '•
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. !200 Flllmore st.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, - sent to any address in the
< United States or. Canada one year for $1.
HORSES AND WAGONS. , '
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market,
127 8ixth st. ;' auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
8.' F. VETERINARY College -will commence its
Sd pession June 10. Catalogue by applying to
M. L. - Pancoast Sec. HIO Golden Gate ave.
FOR sale— 2 goo4 horses, cheap: also l: Icebox;
large-. 5935 Mission St.. opposite Ocean View.
40 HEAD work and driving horses. 721 How-
ard st. ' -. ,. J
ALL kinds of camping wagons, buggies, sur-'
reys and carts. 1C34 Mission st. .
ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, harness.
E etc.. cheap. EGAN & SON, 2117 Mission SC-
AN A No. 1 express wagon, single, also light
¦ camping wagon, for sale cheap. - 532 Mission.
HORSES WASTED. *
HORSES wanted to work on scraper Job-; -four
or five month?- 1 work. Apply at 26 Montgomery
.st, room 25. '.-. • ; !
HOUSES TO LET. "
A— PRINTED LIST Houses to let; send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
HOUSE, 6 large rooms; yard; basement Apply
•1222 Steiner St.. cor. Eddy: -modern impts. -
6 ROOMS and bath : 14 Reed st. ; yard and base-'
ment;$15. Apply 1323 Washington st. -.- -
HOUSES . TO LET— FTTRNISHED.
BUSH, 2104 — Elegantly 'furnished housev 10
¦ rooms, very reasonable, ,for 6 months only.*
LOST AJTD FOUAD.' ¦ ' ¦¦
LOST— A mile from Ross station, along; the
North Pacific Coast Railroad, Marin County,
a Gordon setter, black and,' brown." breast
white." . Return to agent Point . Reyes station
and - receive $5 reward.
LOST— In - district . between Park Panhandle,
: Jackson ' Bt.. Lyon and Larkin sts.. June ! 2;
lady's blue enamel watch with fleur de lis
pin; reward for return to Call business
office. E. W. SCOTT. -
LOST— A passbook with the Hibernia Savings
, and Loan i Society, of San Francisco, in the
< name of ZITA B. .WHITTEMORE, , No 230-
>932. The finder. will please return to bank.
LOST— In • or near -San. Francisco, on > Friday
May 81. lady's black doth Jacket, with inner
embroidered vest, etc.: made by Flamm tail-
or;, liberal reward will; be paid. for returning
same at once to room 53. 530 California' st.-
$50 REWARD— Lost a gentleman's opal scarf
. pin, surrounded. with diamonds, on Saturdav
eve., on Mason" or Geary; sts. Finder will
please return to 934 Geary, st ¦ •
LOST— Diamond -breastpin, lost <- at Germania
Gardens, Union or Fillmore-st. carsrluitablt
; reward. ¦ ,. Return to 2111 Flllmore st. . r^
LO f I 7 Browni ? nd T hlte Japanese' spaniel
Monday morning. 2917 Twenty-fourth '
. 1 1, - and receive s liberal >, reward. Z ' rou rth
LOST— Lemon and white pointer.' collar marked
, . "Property. Jno. B. Coleman.'.' Return 730Fifi
more strand receive reward.? / . - , ,
LOST— On Oakland train. Sunday, purse -with
¦- Som^l. ; : rStU^' to - 906 ' MaSet^
LOST— Sunday. * G;,- G. T Park «. ™ti. .^ 1 — ; — '
gold rims. Return, Mg GreeVs^ g^S
LO . S T~ A ;, f J anln » boat from Long Bridal"
finder will- recetve $3 "reward «» «'- :
. BENSEN. ¦;. Sixth and ; Bryant ' *&??* ' f • H -" ;
LOST-Puppy dog; black field spaniel' fl™
,. .. months ; old. Return to ¦ 3214 Jackson Vt » I
-.receive reward. - - acsaon st. and
FOUND^Pocket book. 415^ Powell' st - "^ '¦
UNCLE > HARRIS ™5?Gra e nt O aVe Of buslness -
» * MEDICAL. ,
A— RENOWNED specialist; those who desire to
obtain results promptly; I treat ladles only;
my regulator has no equal; all classes of fe-
male • complaints relieved by treatment su-
perior to all others; the only t-eatment that
helps the unfortunate; the most obstinate
cases are immediately relieved without pain;
no other treatment will do this; the most dif-
ficult cases treated: scientific - methods guar-
anteed. DR. Q. W. O'DONNELL. 1018 Mark»t.
HINDOHERB home toeatment; the most won-
derful, simple, sure remedies ever known for
indigestion, tapeworm, neuralgia, leucorrhea.
gonorrhea, eczema, scrofula, syphilis and all
troubles of male and female sexual organs;
treat yourself: be your own doctor; 4 months'
* suppository treatment, $4; send stamp- for
circulars. 1126 Market st.. S. F.. Cal.
A TREATMENT that is guaranteed to stye in-
stant relief for all female complaints; th<»
longest and most obstinate cases immediately
relieved without pain: travelers helped; no
delay- consult free. MRS. DR. KOIrL. ll»
Market, bet. Mason an<3 Taylor, opp. Hale'a.
DR AND MRS.' DA VIES. 122S Market, ladies'
Fp'ecialists- 32 years' practice; all cases treated
by our wonderful herb remedy: a rellabla
treatment superior to any other; positive cura
guaranteed at office; patients treated can re-
turn same day: harmless; consultation free.
DR and MRS. GOODWIN. 1033 Market, bet
6th & 7th— Expert specialists; wen known and
reliable "5 yrs experience; treatment guarnt'-i
totrive instant relief from all female troubles;
avoid incompetent specialists: consult free;
A POSITIVE cure guaranteed In all femal»
complaints or money returned; my regulator
never fails- the most obstinate cases r-lleved
without pain: best cure: fee low: consult frer
MR3 PR. ALLEN.- 1113 Market, nr. Mason
MRS DR. WYETH. reliable specialist; 28 yrs.
«u'-ce«sful practice: guaranteed treatment at
ortieeT anv ailment: home before and during
confinement. 942 Post. h»t. Hyde and Larkm :
ALL are notified to redeem their articles Jm.
mediately as I am golnsr out of business.
UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant ave.
DR POPPER. • female sp<»<-iallst: no pin* or
Tn'wilHn- iwrt. I" 1 * T)<»v1«art»T~. «». nr. Cmrr
MIXES AXD MIXING. ~~
Jt MIXING man holding working bond on good
mining property will dispose of all or aa
interest on reasonable terms. Box 3392, Call.
DIVIDEND paying mining stocks at 3c, 5c and
10c per share; send for prospectus. Pacific
States Mining and Investment Co. 326 Post st.
WANTED— Good smelting ores near railroad
by parties who will erect smelting plant
Box 3303. Call office.
WELL developed paying Alaska mines: ex-
chanyed for property or business. 303% Tor*.
" MIXIXG AXD ASSAYING.
MINING men and others are Invited to exam-
ine • the Dean-Oviatt ore roaster and desul-
phurizer; saves all products; shares for sale.
321 Phelan building. S. F.
BlISCEUiAXCO C9— FOR 9 ALB.
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 155-197 Fremont gt
BARS back bars, mirrors, restaurant and po-
Iter tables barroom chairs, linoleum, new and
second-hand ; we always have a large stuck of
saloon outfits on hand; 32 complete outfits on
one floor, ready made; we can ship everything
in 24 hours. J. NOONAN. 1017. 1019. 1021. 1023
Mission st., above Sixth; write for catalogue.
A. 15-horsepower Hsrret'hofE compound steam
launch; 30 ft. long; 7 ft. beam; in perfect or-
der; cost $M00; price $1300. UNITED EN-
GINEERING WORKS. 25S Spear st
A t-SIDED 3-sided, 2-slded. 1-sided sticker;
all in good order; cheap. H. S. WHITE.
516 Mission st /[ ¦
A— BUYS sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipes, shafting, pulleys.
etc. WHITELAW. 816 Spear st.
ALL are notified to redeem their articles Im-
mediately as I am going out of , business.
"UNCLE HARRIS; 15 Grant ave. ¦
FOR sale — Horseshoeing tools and stock;
' good business: rent cheap; owner jroing to
' Nome. Address Box 2249, Call, Oakland.
A— $3 CO DERBY and Fedora hats, $1 75. Popu-
lar Price Hatters, .330 Kearny st. near Pine.
— Cleveland. 1S01 model; new. cheap.
" or will trade for horse. Box. 3334, Call office.
FINE suits $10; dress pants. $2 75. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery st
SECOND-HAND machinery of ' all kinds
bought sold, rented and exchanged. H. S.
"WHITE. 516 Mission st.
NEW Singer sewing machine; 5 drawers; oak;
complete; cheap., 1315 Mission st, near 12th.
MANUFACTURING plant. 3 months In U3e;
must be sold . at once. 2020 Market st
FOR sale— 1 striped tent; 5 ft. wall; 14xlS; bar-
gain. W4 Eighth st. ,
FAIRBANK'S 10-ton hay scale; Jeweler's ste?i
lined safe, perfect order. 218 st.
$48. 10x12 UNIVERSAL outfit, new; $32 50. 109
Montgomery st- ' " <
30 H. P. steam engine, stationary : 3 H. P.
gasoline engine, marine. 83 Fremont st
GASOLINE engines. 2d-hand, and oth*r ma-
chinery bought and sold. Epstein. 53S Mission.
Gasoline or distillate engines, new & 2d-hand;
all sizes; guaranteed. NEWELL. 16 Bluxome.
FIRST-CLASS second-hand modern engines and
boilers bought and sold. KROGH MFG. CO.
,WB pay big prices for sealskins. Portland
Loan Office. 25 Stockton st. — > - -
MAGIC lanterns, "new and 2d hand moving plc-
tures. BULLARD & BRECK. 131 Post st.
ENGINES and boilers: second-hand macnlnery.
J.BURKK. 139 Beale St. ¦
SAFES— New and second hand. THE HER-
MAN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st.
SAFES— New and second-hand: all sizes. THB
WALTZ SAFE. 109-111 Market St.. San Fran.
MISCELLANEOUS WAXT3.
WANTED— Cheap phaeton. 11 City Hall a*«.
i TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 154 Ninth; teL Folsom 2522.
WANTED— 2d-hand upright piano or organ for
cash. ' H. L. WHITEHBAD. 1708 Market at.
MOXEY TO LOAN.
A— MONEY to loan at rates which peopla can
afford to pay on furniture, pianos, etc. : do
not borrow of your friends or you will loss
their friendship; do business with strangers
and you will bo better satisfied; no delay; no
publicity. Rooms 9 and- 10, 906 Market st.
IF YOUR PROPERTY ~ r ~~~
•••• • IS MORTGAGED
and you need more money, see H. MURPHY.
€30 Market st. Loans on estates In probate,
undivided . interests in estates, second mort-
gages. etc. •
ANY proposition, any amount; 6 per cent; first.
second mortgages, estates in probate, interest
. in estates, legacies; corporation loans, chattel
mortgages and securities. Room 16. 1st floor.
Chronicle building. HALLORAN & OLSEN.
ANY amount at 6%; first 2d. and 3d mort-
gages, undivided interest real estate in pro-
, bate; mortgages and legacies bought: no do-
Jay; get my terms before doing business else-
where. R. McCOLGAN. 84 Montgomery, r. 2.
HJpHLY respectable, private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds Jewelry at \»0-
\est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. 84S Market
St.; tel. Main 1644. Branch 19 Third St.
LOWEST rates ¦ on furniture, etc., by private
P, art y: p> removal; no commission: confldea-
tiai. Room 3. Conservatory bldg.. 301 Jones.
ON furniture, -pianos; no removal: money
¦ quick; lowest interest: easy terms; no broker-
age; reliable party. 1170 Market st. room W.
MOST reliable place to borrow on diamonds,
watches. Jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL. 10 Sixth:
«¦ highest price for old gold, silver, diamonds.
¦ONE per cent on furniture: $5 a month on each
$1000; any security. 302 Montgomery at., r. 1.
MONEY loaned salaried people without secur-
:- ity. HILL, r. 44. Merchants' Ex.. 431 Califnia.
LOANS money on salary, no Indorser; Eastern
-_ .plan. -Western Loan Co.. 309 Phelan Bldg.
DEAL direct; furniture, pianos : no removal:
low rate; strictly private. Lick. 116 McAllister.
8% on furniture and pianos: $15 up: no removal;
no commission: private. Room 81. « Eddy st.
ON salaries or wages: no indorser required. 9.
F.. DISCOUNT AGENCY. 143 Phelan building.
$100,000 TO loan on real estate or for buildLns:
low rate. .223 Sansome st. room 2.
THE Tousley Company; loans and discounts.
¦'. 321 Parrott -building. . .
CASH loaned to salaried p^onle on not* without
fndor^f-r. . MQBBFTiT.. *^ BTumtn'r MiUd.'ng.
MOXEY WAXTED.
IF you have money to loan upon safe securi-
ties at 6 per cent call'and see us. West Coast
Investment Company. Phelan building.
' aiCSICAL INSTRUMENTS. .
ALL uprights lowest prlc«s and easiest terms.
" 1 Novella ........ ..%M\ 2 Chlclcerings dike
1 Heine baby grand % new) %¦¦•¦•• JSW
(like new) ...... $325} 1 Hallet-Davis....*4M
" 1 Steinway ......$lial Z Heines $315 up
¦ And fifty others: rents $2 up allowed on pur-
chase. We handle all makes. Agents for fa-
mous Hallet-Davis-Hslne. etc.: agents want-
ed- live salesman wanted: big isalary right
' man. HEINE PIANO CO.. 217 Geary st. t
IF you have $50 to pay for a piano, or If you
can spare $75 or $S5 or even $1QO, come an.t
¦ se^» us and we will help you spend it wisely
' an'l well: we haw-* many bargains for you
I to-day. THE ZENO MAUVAI3 MUSIC CO..
* 163 Market at.THE SAJN FKAJN CISCO CALLi, TUESDAY, JUNE 4,' 1901;
11
OCEAN TRAVEL.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS Con.
ALL pianos purchased of SHERMAN. CLAY
& CO. may be exchanged for a new Stelnway
upright or baby grand piano any timt within
3 year* from date of purchase, and have full
price allowed. New upright pianos. $6 per
month: cotne good pianoe eold for S3, $4 and
$5 per month. SHERMAN. CLAY & CO
Fteinway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
*ts.. San Francisco: corner Broadway and
Thirteenth st.. Oakland.
REMOVAL of KEEFFE-S piano store from
Market st. to our large and elegant quarters
S14 Post tt., opposite Union square. Ar* now
prepared to offer several new makes and all
T f * < ? U^S'iL?. t S. ck ,,? t J rr * aUy reduced prices.
JAS. KEEFFE. 314 Post .at., between Stock-
ANY piano sold by us taken back any time
within 3 years and full purchase price al-
lowed en a new peerless Knabe at regular
price: Posts you only 20c a day to buy a
piano from us. JCOHLER & CHASE. 30
O'Farrell tt.: established is;o.
A LIST of fine second-band bargains— 1 Emer-
tcti. l Hailot & Davis. 1 Conover. 1 Curtaz. 1
JL*^! 1 ? 8 ' ,!£• I12S - $US - * tc -= pas y Payments.
T»ENJ. CCRTAZ A- SOX. 16 0'Farrell st.
Chirtcerine. Vote. Sterling Agency: also
Apollo, king of self-players.
BARGAINS— Clearance sale bargains; uorlKht
rjianos. |75 and upward; Stelnway. Knabe.
Emeiron. Hartman iind others: squares $19
up. BRUE.V.V. SOS Post Et. •
DOX'T buy planes at Wilson's Storage. 1706
Market Ft., because it's unfair to sell pianos
so cheap: they are slaughtering prices.
SOHMF.R & Co.. Byron Mauzy. Gabler. Lester.
Hamilton and Spielmann pianos. ByronMauzy,
"WANTED— T<»n square pianos for country
schools. BYRON MAUZY. 308 Post St.
FINE larire upright piano: also folding-bed;
great Bacrifiee. TZt Golden Gate ave.
AN upricht nlano: must be sold: owner leav-
intr. HORNUNO. ;i6 McAllister Ft
CLOSING cut stock cf ptsr.os: prices reduced
"ne-tialf. TV. C. HAMILTON. $ Flood blfle.
LITnvriO p^nnos the mon popular. WILEY B.
ALLKN CO.. general agents. 933 Market st.
S3 PFR month rents a beautiful piano. SCOTT-
CURTAZ PIANO CO.. E60 Hayes et.
S31T— MAHOGANT case Fischer upright. il7
<?«»ary ft., room SS.
A FINE upright piano for sale cheap. 837 Mc-
AlHster vt.
A SMALT, Chtckerln«r epripht. $125: 6 uprights.
*«*CCTid-banaea. your choice «t $110. 217 G«arjr.
AT WILSON'S Storage. 17P6 Market ft., you
ran ret stcrsfte pianos almost for a eong
pAVOATV— MuFt be «=ol«l: nice upripht piano.
P<~HMTT7:. IB MrAlHyter. next Hlbernla Bank.
F»*PTPTOR xiolfns. zithers, o'd and new. H.
MT'T t.FR. rmkpr. r^na'rpr. 2 L«tham nlace.
OFFICES AXD STORES TO LET.
FAXWME, SC4— Handsome large store; reduced
to ?S per month.
EMMA SPREOKKLS building, S27 Market st.—
Pur.nv r.ffirer. fin to *20: um«t R«»rv1oes.
OIL. :
CALIS7OGA Oil and Development Company:
rpcrating on ?120 acras of oil land In nine
districts. Office, C3 »ind 2« Merchants' Ex.
COSTA RICA— Last chance at 10c: big advance
tn a few days. Pacific States Mining and In-
vestment Co.. 32S Post. Open evenings.
Oil. tanks. 6econd-hand. in rood order: all
*-1r«: ohfap. U. ?. WHTTK. E'C Mission st.
OIL LANDS.
OIL lands for sale or lease In all parts of the
fittte. We can furnish you with lands In the
bt«t localities. If you are looking for lands
cr wis!) to invest in stocks of the leading oil
companies call on us before going elsewhere.
PHKA fr PKTKnSON. Sfll Examiner building.
PHYSICIANS AXD SURGEON'S.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL— Office and residence.
1021 Market st., between Sixth and Seventh.
DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor, successfully
treats all diseases of the human body: see
testimonials at office. 115-117 Mason, nr. Ellis.
PAIXTEUS AXD DECORATORS.
WE paper parlors or rooms from S3 up; paint-
ins done. 219 Third st.. Hartman Paint Co.
WALL paper, window Ebades; rooms papered,
SS up. Jensen & Bath. SOS Sixth; open even.
PAPER-HANGING, house painting: good reli-
able work. Park's. S08 Larkin: tel. Larkln 106a
PALMISTRY.
MME. GERMAIN'S, the business palmiEt of
the Pacific Coast. 906 Market Et. ; 1 to 5 p. m.
H. JEROME FOSSELLI. scientific palmist. 613
Taylor et.. bet. Geary and Post; teL Black 681.
MRS. LAMB, scientific palmist and character
reading; lessons in class and private. 617 Jonts.
MRS. WM. McMAXUS. scientific palmist. 1140
Market. 10 to 5: residence T31 Guerrero st.
PHYSIOGNOMY.
SCIENTIFIC delineations cf character by face
or photo. Mary O. Stanton. 810 Leavenworth;
verbal read's, tl; printed chart. J2 CO; lessons.
PERSOXALS.
BEST on earth— Blood uolsoii. itehlnjr. ekln
diseases, rheumatism, piles, catarrh, any dls-
*aee that doctors and old remedies have
failed. We miarantee to cure sure. Call Or
¦write for full Information to the old reliable
King Liniment Medicine Co.. permanently
located €2S Montgomery St.. room 2!. third
foor. DRS. KING end JONE8. . :^_
A— IF your balr is falling or you are bald, call
en DR. G. S. MOORE. 48S Geary St.. and you
¦win not be disappointed; this remedy Is posi-
tively guaranteed: preparation «ent to all
parts ofth* world: call or tend for circular.
CIGARETTE and tobacco habit cured at
home: $S; valuable Information • for liquor.
morph!ri*. cplum. all drug habits. MRS.
"WILLIAMS. 1S2S Polk et.. San Francisco.
A WOMAN en exhibit; in. old and wrinkled on
enc f'Ae of face, other Fide made smooth and
.'¦¦ outhful by expert specialist In charge. Call
N. Y. Inft. Dermatology. 105 Ellis, r. 20-21 S. F.
ET.ECTRIC Jipht tn every room— Winchester
Hotel. <4 Third Et.. near Market: 700 rooms:
Kc to tl no vet night: Jl cO to J« per # week;
free 'bus and bapsjiRe to and from the ferry.
11 WEEKT/y— Suits u> order from genuine
firotch. H5 up; fine dress raits. S2ti up; el<»-
«rart overcoat*. S15 up. LF.ON LEMOS. 1U7
Market ft., between Seventh and Eighth.
WHITE enamel iron b*<!». Flnele. thr«*e-qunrter
rr Conble. $2 Zi. EASTERN OUTFITTING
¦ CO.. JJ10-2212 Stockton St.. near Broadway.
L»dif «' and rents' caft-ott clothing bought and
«>old. J. Sllverman. S?4 Folgom: tel-Foltom 1131.
LADIES' tnUor FUltf made to ordsr: reasonable.
S. KRAMER. Ladles' Tailor. K0 Powell St.
TAILOR made cults. 57 50: dress pants. $! 60.
Mlfftt Clothinr Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
Vr Dunton: diseases of men only: sanitarium
r,z$JCls.y St.. cor. Kearny: consultation free.
6PHINO stvles Standard patterns now ready.
"Domeftlc" office. 1C21 Market St.. nr. Elxth.
UK Hsrrtet Welch. 2115 Bush: hours 2 to 3. ex-
r#>nt Th. and gat.: electrolysis : 17 years 1 erper.
OLD rold. silver, diamonds and precious etonei
bought. J. R. JENKEL. 877 Market st.
ALFREDUMS Ksyptlan Henna: restores (pay
r.atr to tt» natural color: $1: at all druggists.
MASQUERADE rortume*. play books._wlB8;
eouji'ry order*. OOLDSTEIN Sc CO.. 73» Mkt.
FUPERFLUOCE hair and mole, dertroyed^rtth
electric needle. MISS EATON. 1119 Sutter st.
DR. LAMOTTKS French Corn Paint, the best
«-ora cure: 2Sc: fell druggUtg.
CHEAPEST and bert In America— The Weekly
C-all. 1C TiRpes. tent to any addrecs In ths
United Ftates or Canada one year for $L
noi«t»»re jra'd^ '.
PILES- L~~_
NE^RrY^O^pertnln^nt cures here in your
midrf many who have suffered 20 to 30
vearr- over fifty names of prominent busl-
hrw men Bent aa reference; no chloroform,
furgtry or delay from business, and no
••aives for *ale. Particular*, address Physi-
"ian. hnx 1950. Call office. S. F-. Cal.
real estate city— -for sal^-
auTgenuInFbargaTns in this list.
Apply A. M. SPECK & CO.. 6CT Market St.
SttOO—Ei-ht-room house on Lnlon Et.
S1D0O— Flve-rocm cottase, near Buchanan at. .
SI 000— Seven-room house on Broadway; a. snap.
S2200— Three flats near Mason and Eutter ets.;
r *f25«£store and 4 rear llvln? rooms on Mission
J2*r«— Five-room cottaee, half a block from
Ninth a&d Market sts. -v . •
$3500— Store, flat and bouse; rents 536; near
Fourth and Mission sts. „ '
J8100— McAllister St.; rents $85; near Buchanan
et. ; two Irontaces. " _• • '
$3750— Two nice flats near Hyde and California
$ii.000*-Choice flats near Golden Gate -Park;
rents $140: lot B0 foot front; third fcash.
115,000— 8 modern flats on corner "near Larlcln
tt.: all rented for $145. .
$18,500— Grand investment; modern improve-
ments; lot 70-foot front: near Taylor St.; rents
J17C; all rented. , .
J15.5O0— Near Stockton et.: one tenant; rent
S120; lot 25-foot front.
$40,000— Grand investment; few blocks from
Tivoli. one tenant leased 5 yeans at SiOOO year.
Other bargains. -•-. - \ '¦ ' '
Arply A. M. SPECK & CO.. «^ Market »t
REAL ESTATE— CITY-— FOR SALE.
A BARGAIN— Owner going East; lot and two-
story house, seven rooms and bath; high
basement; Capp st.; house newly painted and
cleaned; will sell or rent with or without
the furniture: cheap for cash; one-half the
purchase price can .remain on mortgage.
Box. 3350, Call, office. V
POST-ST. PROPERTY. FOR SALE. '
Lot south side of Post st; sixty-six (66) feet
front: situated between the Crocker building
- and Mechanics' Institute building. For par-
ticulars apply to JAMES A. WHITE, room
11, tenth floor, Mlllg building.
FOR sale— Fine business and residence corner
paying 8 per cent on Investment, and several
handsome cottages at a ¦ bargain on easy
terms. PATTERSON & CO.. 11 City Hall ave.
PACIFIC Heights; marine view; sunny; 18-
room residence: new* artistic. THE McCAR-
THY CO.. 646 Market st. - .
5-ROOM cottajre. nice garden, for sale: J1000:
reason for sale, owner going north. 129 Flood
ave., Sunnyside; apply morning.' ¦
IF you have lots to sell north of the Park,
then call on W. J. GUNN. 530 California st.
REAL ESTATE— COUNTRY — For Stile
BUT In Napa County: no droughts," no irriga-
tion, 'no failure of Crops; write us for, free
copy "Napa County Vlticulturlst." The W.
A. MACKIN'DKR CO.. St. Helena; Cal.
RANCHES — Fruit ranches, dairy »anches.
chicken ranches and general ranches frr Fale
and to rent. JOSEPH BAILIE. .759 Market.
HOMESTEAD land— Get located on 160 acres.
Call bet. 6:30 and 8 p. m.. 211 Fourth St.. r. 5.
POULTRY and dairy ranches for sale; write for,
free list C. R. WINFIELD. Petaluma. Cal.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for $1.
MILL VCXLET REAL ESTATE. *'
THE HEART OF MILL VALLEY.
Formerly Known as
* The Wormonth Tract,
Now to Be Called .
Sunnyside Tract.
This beautiful tract, consisting of over 40
acres. Is now . being-subdivided Into lots and
will be Immediately placed upon the market
for sale. Streets will be graded, macadamized
and Pewered. The California Title Insurance
and Trust Company of San Francisco will
issue an insurance policy Tor every lot sold
guaranteeing title. ¦ ¦ ,
' MCAFEE BROTHERS,
108 Montgomery st.. San Francisco.
SAUSALITO REAL ESTATE.
FOR SALE or for rent — $3S5(T; JusT'completed ;
6-room residence in . the choicest part for
view and sunshine: every convenience; strict-
ly modern and built by day work; $400 cash;
$30 the first month, payments decreasing
each month if desired; lot 60x120 feet. DR.
CRUMPTON, Sausalito. or Albert Wilford.
3C09 Jackson St.. San Francisco, from 12 to 5.
ROSS^ VALLEY REAL ESTATE.
$160— ROSS Valley lots, £3x160, near San An-
selmo station. Apply 976 Jackson St.. city.
REAL ESTATE "WANTED.
WANT to rent chicken ranch, 5 to 20 acres,
within 40 miles of San Francisco. « Bex 3353.
Call office. . . ¦ .
REAL ESTATE TO EXCHANGE.
A— PRINTED list of city and country prop-
erty for exchange or -sale, on easy terms. Call
on MARION GRIFFIN. 719 Market, by Call
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
LOT 40x100. $720. terms: lot 37x100. $592, terms;
lot 60x150, $525,' terms; will build anywhere
In Alameda; easy terms; 2 new cottages of
5 rooms and bath Just finished: your own
terms. J. H. YOUNG, builder, I?i3 Park st.
8-ROOM furnished house for June and July.
1511 Everett st. ¦' ¦ -
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
BARGAIN — i-rcom house, large lot, close to
station. 1 block to 2 electric car lines; price
$750; only &0 cash, balance $10 monthly. .
j Bargain — New 5-room cottage; modern; con-
I venlent to ttation, stores an<* cars; price
$1SOO; only f200 cash, balance $17 monthly.
'" Must be sold at once; 6-room cottage, deep
we'll, wlndulll, tank, large barn, chicken
houses, large lot: price $1250; terms. $200 cash,
balance $12 monthly.
Come and see our new 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8 and &
room houses: latest style; prices range from
$1250 up: will take clear lot in part payment,
or will buy lot in any. location and build to
suit: or you can make monthly payments,
eamo as rent. Take Berkeley train, get off
. at Lorin station, office wegt side of railroad
track. Open Sundays. RUDOLPH, PER-
KINS & LYON. ¦ ' ¦
No. 12T, $1200— 5-room cottage: lot 50x110; cor-
ner; cheapest cottage In Berkeley.
No. 190, $1750 — 6 rooms and large attic; owner
gone North and ordered this property sold at
a sacrifice. . "- - .
No. 194. $2%0— Property must be sold; 6-room
house: large lot; 1 block to electric cars; make
an offer. * • . -
$6000 — 14-roora house for exchange for Income
ranch; well located for rooming-house.
S. S. QUACKENBUSH.
Real Estate and Insurance,
Oppositt First National Bank.'
5-ROOM cottage, mantel,, bath, stationary
tubs; high basement; street work all done;
price $1300; $100 cash, balance $H monthly.
J. R. PERKINS. Lorin Station, Berkeley.
FINE. large 4-roomed bay-window cottage; hall;
bath; large pantry; high basement; sunny
side of street; fine well of water; tank and
windmill; lot 50x100; chicken-house and yard;
2 blocks to station: price $1600; terms to suit.'
J. R. PERKINS. Lorin Station, Berkeley.
NEW 7-room 2-story Colonial house; lot 40x135;
bam; electric and gas fixtures; 2 blocks to
station, 1 block to electric cars; price $1900;
$100 cash, balance $20 monthly.
J R. PERKINS (formerly Oellertch &
. Perkins). Lorin Station. Berkeley.
$1050— FOR a fine sightly lot In North Berkeley,
about 4 blocks east of the R. R. depot;
street macadamised; size 60x134; grand
view, perfect tltl«.
j500 —For the biggest bargain In town,; ¦ lot
50x134; situate on Milvla St., near Vir-
ginia; street wortc done.
$S7i0— New modern, up-to-date house in the
scenic park, near the college; 7 rooms;
. large lot. j
MAY & MORTIMER. Berkeley station.
PRETTIEST cozy little home In Berkeley-
New, complete; open plumbing: fronts main
street; electric cars in front, near station; lot
40x138; sloping lawn, flowers, chicken houses,
Etone walks, etc.. etc.: easy terms if desired.
GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO.,
•ij IOCS Broadway. Oakland.
BERKELEY HOUSES TO LET.
TO let— a furnished cottage, 2427 Dwlght way,
Berkeley, for 2 months. ' / •
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS,
OFFICE— 1118 BKOADWAY- .
.. OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
$2200— A NEW bungaluw- cottage, up-to-date, 5
rooms and bath ; an Ideal home ; j large lot ;
near local station and business centers; cheap
for $3000; owner must sell: wants an offer;
mortgage $1100, balance cash.
J. S. MYERS & CO.,
1002 Broadway,- Oakland.
$2700— ALMOST new 8-room house;. double sets
of plumbing; concrete foundation; extra heavy
construction material; double floor; beautiful
nelghborhcpJ; sunny corner; close; to busi-
ness centers, schools, cars, etc.; built for a
home; cost S4S00; owner leaving and must
be sold: first come lirst served.
.J. S. MYERS & CO..
$40 PER foot— Residence lot on Franklin St.; a
few blocks from 14th tt; original selling price
100 per foot; how is this— seeing is believing—
call. J. S. MYERS & CO..
1002 Broadway, . Oakland. :
JC600— ORIGINAL cost $6000; a few blocks from
business centers; sunny exposure; lot 62 front;
barn, coachman's room ; private water sup-
ply; terms $SCO cash, 4 balance bank mortgages.
. J. S. MYERS & CO..
'.*/.;. 1002 Broadway, Oakland.
$250 CASH, $7 monthly: 4-room cottage; good
well of water; small barn, chicken. shed and
a run; 3 fine lots, 75x100; picket fence; excellent
soil; charming view; best climate;: near 2
electric, car lines, 90-foot boulevard and model
scboolhouse: away from cold winds and fog;
90 families have located her* within 3 years;
price, all told, $550. Qall or send for circu-
lars 455 Seventh st* Broadway station, Oak-
land. H. .Z. JONES, owner.- „ * ¦ ¦'.¦ -\ '
115 PER' month: no cash required;. cozy home,"
5 rooms;, nearly new; lot, 37xl!0: total $1200;
- house cost $1600 to build; a big bargain. _<,
$2200— A snap; fine home of .7 rooms; lot 40x
130: Just off Telegraph ave. •
wo, ju #< GE0 w AUS TIN & CO...
. . ; 1008 Broadway. Oakland.
J1875 WILL buy 2 modern 4-room cottages, with
lot 51x100; rents paying over 10 per cent Inter-
est on price asked; must be sold.. •: Addresj at
• once, box 2250/ Call office, ; Oakland. .' . • ;
OAKLAND : FURNITURE FOR .'. SALE.
AN Introduction to you from H. Schellhaas, the
furniture dealer, 11th and Franklin, Oakland.
ROOMS .FOR HOPSEKEEPIXG. ' ' '
CALIFORNIA, 1527—3 . furnished ' housekeeping
rooms to let; gas,- bath and water; .sunny. .
EDDY, 9S9— A floor of 4 or 2 furnished rooms;
. private residence; no children.- . x-
ELLIS, 616— Elegantly furnished sunny parlor
- suite, 3 rooms; gas stove;. rent $35. *
ELLIS, : 825— Three furnished , rooms, complete
• for housekeeping; gas,' bath. ••;¦; ; . •
FOLSOM. 525— Large sunny furnished' room;
light housekeeping; Jl 60 weekly. ¦...; '.; f .. •
GEARY, 813%— Two or three furnished house-
keeping rooms;. bath, gas. range., ' •
HOWARD. 539— Two nicely • furnished sunny
rooms for housekeeping; yard, t .' f :
HOWARD, 76U4— Nicely furnished, sunny bay
window suite; kitchen;:' man -and' wife;
others; reasonable. . ' /. ."•..
HYDE. 299 — Large sunny rooms; will be u fur*
nished complete for housekpg. ; other rooms.
OAK, 119-rLarge eunny .baBement room fur-
nished for housekeeping; stove; yard;. $6..*'
POLK. 1002— 3 and 5 room suites, completely
¦ furnished for housekeeping; $15 up; reference.
POST, 223— Elegantly furnished front EUlte for
housekeeping. ',- ' ¦' ' ; • f ." ' • :
SILVER, 165, near 4th— 2. or 3 furnished rooms
for housekeeping; cheap! . '
SIXTH, 336 — Nice sunny ' furn. ; front room. and
kitchen for housekeeping in a private family.
TWENTY-THIRD, 372C, near Dolores— 4 sunny,
• bay window rooms; nice,* neat, - complete.
VALENCIA, 1232—2 fur. rms.for housekeeping;
gas, bath; sunny; with gas stove; near depot.
VAN NESS, 400— Entire upper floor, 3 rooms
and bath; sunny NE. corner; elegantly fur-
' nished; gas range; no children. ¦¦'¦-.. ¦'.'.-'
VAN NESS ave.. 815 — Bunny, parlor floor; 3 or 4
rooms and yard; bath, phone. ; \ - • • ,,
VAN NESS. 232— Housekeeping rooms complete.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore St.
A BRANCH office for call advertisements and
subscriptions . has been established at 1096
Valencia st. ¦ - • . - »
ROOMS TO LET— Fnrn. and Unfarn.
AHLBORN HOTEL, S21 Grant ave.— Best tl a
day family hotel in city: polite- attendance;
' large rooms. 50c up; meals 25c; free coach.
A— BRUNSWICK. HOUSE, 148 Sixth— Rooms,
25c to $1 per night; $1 25 to $5 per- week and
" light housekeeping rooms; open all night. • .
ALL are notified to redeem their articles im-
' mediately, as I am going out of business.
UNCDE HARRIS. 15 Grant ave. - ¦ ¦- . '
BURKETT. 1426 Market • (old No. 1364)— Fur-
nished rms., suites, single; also unfurnished.
CLIFFORD, 204 Ellis, cor. Mason— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.'
DENTIST— Sutter, 049— Handsome furnished
bay window; north, light: hot and cold water.
EDDY. 872— Elegantly furnished rooms, from
$10 to $15; new flat. . '. , " • •¦;
ELDER Room-renting Bureau, 22 Kearny st—
Tel. Red 2334; rooms furnished or unfurnished.
ELLIS. 732 — New, elegant rooms, suits and sin-
gle; $2.50 up weekly; tourists accommodated.
GALT House, 1206 Market— Fur., rooms. Mr. &
Mrs. J.F. Sweeney, late of the Esmond House.
GOLDEN GATE AVE., 1050— Large sunny, well-
furnlshedroom; private family; free telephone.
HOTEL St. Denis (European plan), 24 Turk st.,
nr. Market— New building, elegantly furn. ;
just opened; strictly first class and up-to-date
in all appointments: inspection invited; must
be seen to be appreciated; 75c day and up;
special rates by week or month; references. '
HOTEL FRANCISCO— Elegant suites; single;
transient; baths, ilrs. King. Turk and Taylor.
LARKIN, S19V~ — Sunny front room; gas, bath
and phone; private; JS per month.
MARKET. 1015 (New Arlington)— Nicely, fur-
nished rooms $2 a week up; 35c a day up.
MARTINET. 1101 Geary— Elegant suites, newly
furnished; private; bath; single rooms $10 up.
MARKET, 1219— 6 sunny rooms; rent $10, water
included.
METRO POLE. 6 Turk, cor. Market— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; 60c to $3 per day. | ¦
MINNA. 667, corner Eighth— Newly furnished
bay-window room; $1 per week ; . transient.
OAK, 526— Three or four sunny Unfurnished
.rooms; all modern conveniences; before 12 m.
O'FARRELL. * 20 — Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator; elec lights; day, . week. mo.
O'FARRELL, 691—2 nicely furnished rooms,
suitable for one or two persons. - ' - x • . .
POLK, 603 — Sunny suite and 2 other rooms;'
rent reasonable; running water and gas.
POLK. .1539— Large front sunny room; "single;
back; comfortable; desirable; private; reason-
able. •-'. ' •¦
POLK, 1911—3 unfurnished sunny rooms,
ROSEDALE House, 319-321 Ellis St.— Rooms,
night, 25c to $l;,week, $1 25 to $4; open night.
ROTAL House, 126 Ellis— Incandescent light;
reading-room. Emoklng-room and ladies', par-,
lor; rooms, per night, 35c to $1 50; week, $2 to
$8; month, $8 to $30; elevator on ground floor;
rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
SHERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth st.,
near Market — Furnished or unfurnished.
THE- Crocker, 915 Leavenworth— Fine sunny
rooms, single and en suite; beautiful grounds.
THE" '"KINGSTON." 315 O' Farrell— New
house; newly furnished; transient. .
TURK, 32 — Newly furnished rooms, from $1 50
¦ to $3 per week.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call. branch office, 2200 Fillmore et.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established . at 1096
Valencia et. . .- ¦, '¦ ¦. '¦¦¦ . :>. . .¦•"-••;"
' .ROOMS AND BOARD.
AN ' exceptional table; pleasant rooms; good
. service ; ppoular rates. 807 California st.
IDEAL apartments; oozy suites with bath,
• private dining room; perfect . illumination;
elevator service;. if In town- for the summer
your fctay will be one of comfort. Roanoke,
SOS Bush ft. - . ¦
PINE and Mason. /Hotel Oliver) — Elegant sun-
ny suites or single rooms; private baths; ex-
cellent table and service. '~ '.",
PINE. 1222 (old Ralston home)— Elegantly fur-
nished sunny rooms. en_ suite and single,
"with board. . .
VALENCIA-ST. Hotel, 718 Valencia St.. Mls-
sion warm belt— Good board; fine rooms;
reasonable 'rates; cars pass the door. ¦ . •
ALMORA Hotel, Twentieth and Mission— Ele-
I gantly furnished suites or single." with board.
HOTEL Repelter, 781 Sutter— Newly furn. ;
excellent table; special rates to tourists.:-
HOTEL Las Palmas, 1820 Market— Suites. . 2 or
3 rooms, bath, connecting;' board optional.,
OAK, 1907. cor. Cole, Panhandle of Park— New-
• ly furnished rooms, with of without board. '
PINE, 1006 (The Victor)— New management;
• thoroughly renov. ; sunny suites, with board.
SECOND, 623—3 nice front sunny rooms; back
and front parlor, kitchen, gas range; $14. .
VALENCIA. 471. near 16th— A large sunny front
room for 2 gentlemen, with or without board;
reference. . ; . • •
THE GAGE. 428 Geary — Nicely furnished rooms;
• excellent service: board optional: references..
; ROOSIS AND BOARD WANTED.
LADY occupied all day wishes 1 large unfur-
nished room or 2 small ones, with board. In
French family. Box 3315, Call office. ."
SPECIAL NOTICES.
LADIES — Chichester English Pennyroyal Pills
are the best; safe, . reliable; take no other;
- send 4c stamps : for particulars, ''Relief for
Ladles" in letter by return mall; at drug-
glsts. Chichester Chemical Co.; Phlladel.. Pa.
NOTICE— Abandoned children in the Roman
Catholic Orphan Asylum since January, 1900:
Elsie Harris, age 6 years; Mary Kevlll, age
¦, 8 years. ' \ ¦'¦¦?¦¦ ¦ :• ,- . '*¦*¦.','.¦¦.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections .made;
• city or country. . PACIFIC : .'COLLECTION
CO., 415 Montgomery St., rooms 9-19; tel. 6580.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. - 16 pages, sent to any . address In ' the
'"United States or Canada one year for $1. -.--
SEWING MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
SECOND-HAND machines, all makes at al-
most "any price you want to pay; all kinds
rented $2 mo. 145 - Sixth s t. ; phone , Mint 16.
ALL kinds bought, sold and repairing guaran-
teed. Charles Plambeck, 1915 Mission, nr. 15th.
ALL kinds ' bought, cold, rented,' exchanged, re-
. paired; open even.; phone Black 1124. 205 4th..
STORAGE. AND^ WAREHOUSES. | /
PIERCE-RODOLPH , Storage . and Movlns: • Co.,
office Post and ¦ Powell sts. ; tel. ' Main 5713. : .
BEKINS Van and Storage Co.; 722 Mission st ;
tel v Main 1840;' shipping at cut rates.'.- ' . .> L -.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
¦ pany, 2320 Fillmore st. ; , phone Jackson 281. •- <
GOLDEN -WEST .Storage Warehouse, 840 Mls-
Bion st.; tel. Mint 1821. F.W. ZEHFUSS. >;,
/¦'. ;>":V" : V-- \ ; : JO-; LEASE.:'-;. . ..v,'.-.' .'- .'
WANTED to rent— Four;, months, 'house eight
. rooms, >. Santa ¦ Cruz -< Mountains, * near i coast ;
• daily mail; all Jdnds -j fruit ;V nice : vegetable
f garden ready tor use: ; family Just -vacated,
, plenty • wood, < water; can keep horse ; every-
: thingr; entire season, $40. Address or call and
see : (narrow-gauge, Fulton) : JAS. KILiGORE,
Bonny Doon. Cal. : " ; - * .' .¦¦-
: TYPEWRITEBS AND 'SUPPLIES. , *
GRKAT BARGAINS IN TYPE\^ITERS— We
I sell better - machines for less money than any
' house in the city; rentals," $3. The Typewriter
¦ Exchange, E36 California: telephone Main 266.
> > Ts. DIVIDEND ' NOTICES." '
DIVIDEND notice--DivIdend No. 28 (30 cents
j per share) of the Paauhau Sugar ¦ Plantation
Company will be payable at the office of the !
company, 327 Market st., on and after Mon-!
."day, June 10, 1901; transfer books closed Mon-
day, June 3, 1901, at. 3 o'clock p. m. •- ,, . .
¦ ; ¦ E. H. SHELDON. 'Secretagy. '
DIVIDEND NOTICE-Tlie Giant Powder Com-
¦ | pany, Consolidated-^A ' dividend, : No. 30, t of j
seventy-five cents (75c) * per share on the ' ls-
. . sued capital stock of the company has been
declared, payable at the office . of tha 'com-
pany, "430 California st., San Francisco," on
s June 10, -1901; transfer books close June 3,
.'¦ 1901, at noon. A. A. .SPARKS. -Secretary.'.
¦'¦ : '"-".'' .proposals. • *';'-.-;-:'.-. '-
PROPOSALS.— State " Prison " supplies.— Sealed
, proposals will "be received at the office of the
-clerk at the State Prison. San Quentin, until
10:30 a--m., Saturdav, the 15th day of June.
1801. and at the office of. the clerk at the
- State Prison at, Folsonv until 9:30 .a. m..
• Monday, the 17th day of June, 1901, at which
¦ times and places thsy wlll.be opened in the:
-presence of bidders, for furnishing and deliv- i
ering supplies for said prisons,' consisting of
. subsistence stores, forage, fuel, fuel oil. fur- J
! nishing -power to run ¦ the Jute mill at San
Quentin, clothing, medicines, j lime, - cement ;
and other staple supplies, from July 1, 1901,
to, June 'SO, 1902. inclusive. . on conditions as
• per printed schedules, which will be furnished
upon application- at either of the above- -of-
fices. No bid will b« considered unless made
upon said schedules, nor unless accompanied
by the > certified check therein required, nor
from any other parties than bona fide dealers !
in the classes of articles to be furnished. 1
Each bidder • must accompany his bid with!
a certified. check upon some well known ; and
responsible banking house for at least 10 per
cent of the amount "of his bid. payable _to
R. M. .Fitzgerald, president of the board,
; conditioned that the bidder will enter , into
a . contract upon notice of acceptance, as re- i
; quired, by law. Bids' for either - prison must
• be marked separately. - All payments - made
on ' contracts will be - paid In cash : or Con-
troller's warrants. , Bidders will carefully fol-
low the conditions of the . schedules. The
board reserves the right to reject any or all !
bids, as the public Interest may require, and'
to order any quantity over -or -under, the
• amount specified. F. W. REYNOLDS, acting
clerk; R.,M. FITZGERALD, president. .
BIDS WANTED— Notice is hereby given 'that
, sealed proposals will be received by the Board
' of Directors of the Veterans' Home of Cali-
fornia, at its office,* room 13. - 320 • Sansome St.,
San Francisco, Cal., up to 1O;3O o'clock a. m.,
SATURDAY, .June 8. - 1901/and opened , im-
mediately -thereafter in ¦ the presence of bid-
ders, for furnishing and delivering quarter-
master and . commissary supplies for the -Vet-
erans' Home. Napa County. Cal. (railroad sta-
'. tloni Tountville), for six. months commencing
July\ 1, 1901, and ending December 31,-1901.
' Schedules 'with information and instructions
for submitting bids will be furnished upon ap-
plication by the undersigned/ Bidders will
carefully . follow the conditions of the sched-*
ules, and no bid will be considered unless it Is
in accordance with such schedules. Each bid-
der must accompany his bid with a certified
¦ check upon some well-known and. responsible
banking house for at least 10 per cent of the
• amount of his bid. payable to • C. Mason
Kinne," treasurer, | conditioned that the bidder
• will enter Into a good and valid contract upon
notice of acceptance as required by law. 'The
board- reserves the. right to reject any or all
bids and to order any quantity over or under
1 the amount specified. ¦ - . ;
Address J. J. SCOVILLE, Secretary Board
of. Directors of the Veterans' Home of Cali-
fornia, room 13, 320 Sansome st., San Fran-
cisco, Cal. By order of the Board of Dlrec-
tors. : J. J: SCOVILLE, Secretary.
PROPOSALS will be received at the Bureau of
Supplies aifd Accounts, Navy Department,
Washington. D. C, until . 12 o'clock noon,
June 18, 1901. and publicly opened imme-
diately thereafter, to furnish at the Navy
Yard. Mare . Island, Cal., a quantity of ce-
ment, fire clay, bag duck, curled hair, dowlas
V linen, , sister hooks, evaporated apples, roast
beef, tomatoes, tinned vegetables, sugar and
' salt water soap. Blank -proposals will be fur-
r.iBhed upon application to the Bureau or to
the Navy. Pay Office, San Francisco. CaL A.
S. KENNY. Paymaster General. . U. S." N.
5-18-01. - '. - - ¦ ' , ¦.-:.. .-.,-,¦ .¦.. '
r : MARRIAGE' LICENSES. . \ .
f ¦¦ ¦':¦ '¦¦ "", ' ' " — - \ ¦.'¦¦?-
- The following marriage . licenses were issued
yesterday: rr '! ¦ ¦ -^
Horace J. Jackson, 33, city, and Florence B.
Doyle,, 24, city. . ; .' ;'
Samuel Franklin, 27. 1823 Sutter street, • and
Lillie. Charneak. 23. 1823 Buchanan street.
James H. Harrison, 32. '2423 Broadway, and
Maude K. Magee. 28, 2941 Washington street.
Owen J. McLaughlin. 37, 25 Lapldge street,
and Emma J. Pattee, 33, 637 Jessie, street. ¦
Michael A. Suttner, 28, 1307 Stockton street,
and Katie H. Becker, 26^. St. Louis, Mo.;
, Giuseppi Mibelli, 30, Cblma, and Teresa Flll-
pelli. 18, Colma. .
George AW. Armitage, „ 33, 3874 Seventeenth
street, and Jennie A.' Thompson, 27, Mills Col-
lege. -, ' ¦
Louis. R. Pleckner, 21, St. Paul. Minn., and
Ceil Preger, .18, city. I
,- Charles R. • Stone. ¦ 27.- 629 Mariposa street, and
Catherine A. Smith, 30. 629 Mariposa street.
Giuseppl * Camozzi, 41, Oakland, and Guilla
Camozzi, 34. city.
Bose Mahon Bryan, 33. 40 Hoff avenue,, and
May I. Walker, < 18, 2315 Bryant street.
¦ Marcus M. ~ Johnson Jr.,. 28. "1219 Buchanan
street, and Susan M. Klrby. 24. 1007 California.
Frederick Baruch. 40, 2402 Bush street,, and
Emilie S.-Hyman. 22, .1946 California street.
Joseph A. Sheerin, 22, i 2216 Geary street, and
Isabel K. Worden, 20, 214 Castro street, a, : ; ¦
John Halloran, 32, " Point Richmond,, and
Brldgie Fitzgerald, 2*5, 1310 Stevenson street. ¦
Peter A. Ringen. 34, 613 Lombard street, a"hd
Katherine H. Schmidt. 24. 318 Francisco street.
Henri P. Calmels, 26, -Tesla. and Dasie. R.
Ravel. 18, 1545 Sixteenth avenue.'
.Herbert Wilt, 23, 111% Minna' street," and
Ethel Brewer. 18. 11U4- Minna street. '
- BIRTHS-^MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
-. Birth. • marriaKe ; and ' death notices sent by
mall will not be inserted. They must be handed
In at either of the. publication offices and be
Indorsed with - the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
FRANK— In this city, June 1, 1901, -to the wife
• of M.'Jj. Frank, a daughter.,"" '¦: ' • ¦
HAUERKEN-In this city, to the wife of
George H. Hauerken. a son./
HERINGHI— In this city, June I, 1901. to the
wife of ; Louis ;Herlnghl,_a son.- ' • v - •
VARNI— In;thte'clty. J«ine 2, 1901, to the wife
of Fred R.; V ami, a son. - i - : .
'¦ ; :
LOGAN— TRAYERS— In this city, June 1, 1901,
by the Rev. Philip .Coombe, Harry Freeman
• Logan and Frederica Trayers, both of San
Francisco. >> • . . : fc
¦.¦ - •':_... ' , DIED. : ¦¦-¦j. ' -•>".
i. Barker, Almira D. Keegan,. Florence M.
Barry, James ; ¦ Kennedy, John E.
Brackert.' Herbert F. Ohmen, William H.
Brown, Mary R. , ¦• - Puttock. Harry "
Cerfoglia, Dora.' ' Radloff, Ludwig
.*» Cotter; John >¦•<• a v Ravn,. George ?¦¦
Curran. Mary E.« ¦-¦> Relchwagen, Loula
Donovan. Kugene F. • Rendlch, Nicola
" Duffle. Alice :• ¦/ Saunders. Frederick
. Enright, Thomas . Skow, Mrs. Sine •
Grimes, r'Ann , . ' Smith, Jane - ¦'>¦¦''
Heinz. Henry Such. Roslna
. Hemenway. Miss E.\ Whitelock, Geo- Jr.
Herman, ¦ Georpre C- Wiensinger, John..
; Heethal, Bertha Wohltmann. ' Helnrlch
Hoffmeyer, Volmer A. Young, Annie W. \
BARKER— In" this city;' May' 31, 1901, i Almira
D.,j beloved .wife of H. R. Barker, and
mother of * Albert . F.. Barker, a native of
Whitman, Mass., aged ; 74 years. . (Boston,
Mass.,' papers please, copy.) .. *
. EXFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to- attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at ,10 o'clock, from the parlora
of tbe Western Addition Funeral Directors.
2428 California* street < between Fillmore and
. Steiner. -Interment Odd Fellows', Cemetery.
BARRY— In this city, June 2. 190L James, be-
loved son of Bridget and the- late John Barry,
and brother of ;, John and Philip Barry- and
Mrs..J.%E. Campbell, a native of San Fran-
-, cisco, aged 85 years and 12, days. ..." />
• ty Friends and acquaintances are respect-
"-• fully invited to . attend • the /uneral this ¦ day
" (Tuesday).' at 9:30 o'clock, from his late resl-
¦ ' .'dene*, 569 Fell street, thence to Sacred Heart
.' Church. . where a requiem . high mass will be
" celebrated I for the repose of ; his . «oul, • com-
¦".mencing at 10 o'clock..: Interment Holy Cross
• Cemetery.- '¦- '.-.¦¦'¦ -'¦'. ;'•'¦:¦; ¦•..,¦ <-v.'-~>-.^£
BRACKERT— In i city, June 3, 1901, '¦¦ Her-
.-" bert Fountain. . beloved. , son ' of *. Anton " and
Manuela Brackert,";a native of : Mexico, aged
21- years 6 months and 10 days. ...¦«.. ¦:'..;¦¦., -r
BROWN— In this • city, -June 3, 1,901. ; Mary R.,
' beloved wife -of Charles F.- Brown, mother of
'Charles F. and ElwoodJ. Brown.and daugh-
;,'ter of. Martin and. the late Rose , Prendergast.
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO? Jj
" (Successor "to, Flanriagan&'Qallagher.) \
> .. d >*<. .. DANIEL P. DONOVAN. ? Mgr. ?-*«£»»
FUNERAL" DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS
¦¦ 20 Fifth St., opposite Lincoln School. - '
.:/¦¦'.< <; ' -'?. '.'.- .uTelephona, Couth 8O.^\ . - ¦. ¦.'-.,
Eugene McGinn.-; 1 :*. •'» McGINN ', BROS".
>v- • ¦": i Funeral > Directors . and Embalmers. • - ¦
*•¦--; ;^ 31 EDDY, STREET. > '. ;;.-.¦¦. .
Telephone , South 2S2,.:,> v. 1 - ; San i Francisco!'
' ; Nn Connect ion "With -Any Other 'House.-^'
• :9:45 a. ; m., 3:13 and 8:30 p. m.. except Sun-,
day.* - Sunday. ; 9:45 a. • m.; 8:30 p.' ¦ m. • Leaves'
Vallejo ¦ 7 "a. • m.; • 12:30 .noon. - 6 , p. " m..' except
Sunday. • Sunday, -. 7 a. m.. .4:15" p. m. ; Fare SO
- Telechone Main 1308. ' Landins and of-
C»vpier 2, MUsion-st. dock. HATCH BROS.
Steamers GEN.FRI3BIE or MONTICELLO
• BAY. AND ; 'BIVEB STEAMEB3.
FOR U.rS. NAVY YARD AND YALLEJO.
"> There I were ; six men in 'one boat . and
eleven ¦ in ' the. other." . Captain Tohnerre ; or-
dered. the boats to keep together, but dur-
ing '¦ the '" seventh : night/ the one « containing
the ?six< men ; disappeared v and -was- never
Flveimonths ago .there v were: in the ni-
trate, ports of Chile among other vessels
the British ships Belfafst and , Stronsa^ahd
thjs2 French -.barjc^, Psyche."^ The Belfast
brought!, a cargo ot * nitrate .here, while
;tbe Strbnsa came up inballast... Both ves-
sels * arrived';; last •" month,--' 1 - having ; ntade
good i passages. -The \ Psyche \ started v for
England, with ,her cargor.but .when a little
over ¦' a month out : she sprang -a leak * and
went < down.",;The -k crew a escaped \i in ' the
beats and watched "the old : bark take her
final plunge; 1 ?:: • V - v .• -
Alive by the Scavengers.
Crew of. French' Bark. Psyche -Kept
LIVED .; ON , SHABKS' BLOOD.
COMPAGim: GSNEBAI.S- TRi.H3ATLANTIVJ3
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS,
Sailing, every Thursday, instead of .i^CTn
Saturday, ¦ at . 10 Tt. m., from pier 42, .^ 5B! ****
North River,', foot of Morton street, *La. Lor-
raine.* June .13;* •L'Aquitalne. June 20;- La
Bretagne, June 27; La Champagne, - July 4.. •
First class to Havre. $53 and upward. Second
class .'to ' Havre,- $45 and upward. GENERAL
AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES and CAN-
ADA, 32 ¦ Broadway . (Hudson building). New
York. J. F.- FUGAZI •& CO.. Pacific Coast
Agents, 5 Montgomery . avenue. San Francisco.
Tickets. sojd. by all Railroad Ticket Agents.
•Twin Screw . Express Steamers. .
PANAMA R. R, Sf
TO NEW YORK' VIA P*NAMA DIRE5T.
Cabin,. $103; Steerage, f4O.
S. S. Argyll - sails Monday. Jans 24
8, S. Lce!anaw sails Monday, -, July 13
S. S. Argyll i««IUMndnv. ; Aug.'S
-, From Harrison-street Wharf at 2 p. in.
Freight and passenger office, 330 Market st
F. . F. CONNOR, Pacific Coast Agent.
A.- .Victoria..... June 20|F. Bismarck.... Jnry 4
Columbia June 27|Deutschland ....July 11
'• . . 1 wln-Screiv zrviz*.
PLYMOUTH— CHERBOURG— HAMBURG.
Waldersee ..-..'.June 151 Pennsylvania ..June C9
Bulgaria ..."....June 22lPretorla" :....July 8
riarrfburn-Amerlcar) Llna. ¦*( b"way,"> t,
HERZOG &'CO.. General Agents for Pacific
Coast,' 401 California st. .' •
HAMBURG-AMERICAN LINE.
- , Twin-Screw Express Service-
PLYMOUTH— CHERBOURG— HAMBURG.
DEUT'SCHLAUD ....JliNE 13. 1 P. M.
PACIFIC STEAM NAVIGATION GO.
And CIA SUD AMERICANA DE VAPORES
To Valparaiso, stopping at Mexican. Central
and South American ports. Sailing Fremont-
street ¦ wharf. 12 m.
PALENA June TlTUCAPEL*.....June 27
COLOMBIA *.... June 12|aREQUIPA ....July .:
These it earners are built expressly for Cen-
tral' and South American, passenger service
(No change at Acapulco or Panama.) Freight
and passenger office. 31S California street.
BALFOUR. GUTHP.IE & CO... Gen. Agents.
Wednesday.. June 30. at 4 p. m.
J. D.SPEECKELS k BH03. CO., Ssnera] Agsnis, 327 Market St
Gea'l tasssngsr BlEca, 643 Harfet St., Pisr to. 7. PaciSs St
SS. ZEALANDIA (Honolulu only)
'.... .'.' Saturday, June 8. 2 p. m.
SS.» VENTURA (via Honolulu) for Samoa.
New. Zealand and Australia \
.....*. Thursday. June 2S.10 a. m. '
SS. AUSTRALIA for Tahiti
AAAHnlA 6 6 Pa Hawaii, sajioa, hew
oceanic s. s.c o. saggs
Round trip- tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply, at company's office.
421 Market ' street, corner First. .
' W. H. AVERY. General Agent.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS WTLL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner First and Brannan streets. • at 1 p. m.
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe : (Hloso). Nagasaki and Shanghai and
connecting at .'Hongkong with steamers for
India, etc. No cargo' received on board on
day of sailing. .;.;¦" - -
SS. HONGKONG MARU.Saturday. June 22, 1901
SS. NIPPON MARTJ... Wednesday, July 17. 1301
SS. AMERICA MARU.. Saturday. Aug. 10. 1901
AMERICAN LINE.
HEW YORK. SOUTHAMPTON. LOSDOS. FABI2.
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
'From New York Every Wednesday, 10a. m.
St. Paul. ....*.... June 19]St. Louis;..... ..July 17
St. Louis June2tJ St. Paul August 7
St. Paul JulylOjSt. Louis August It
RED STAR LINE.
New, York and Antwerp.
From New York Every Wednesday, 12 noon.
Friesland ¦....*... June 121 Kensington July 3
Southwark .....June 19|*Zeeland July li>
•Vaderland June 26lFrlesland July 17
•Stop at Cherbourg, eastbound.
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO..
: , CHAS. D. TAYLOR.
General Agent Pacific Coast." 30 Montgomery st.
Passenger and Freight Steamer,
"CHECO/'
Capacity 1CC0 tons — 130 passengers.
Captain Anderson. Master.
NOME,
Teller, Golofnin Bay, Clarence, etc.
Superior accommodations, upper decks,
cabins; lowest rates; quick time. Full par-
ticulars • ."• -
CHAS. CONKLIN & CO..
General Agents, 667 Market st.
ALLIANCE
Will sail from San Franciso * June 10. Far
tfekets and freight space apply at 634 MARKET
ST. McCALL & SCAMMELL, Gen. Agents.'
The fast and commodious steamer j "
TELLER CITY.
-AND
NOME
LAST CHANCE FOR
....Sails June 7.17. 27. July 7. 17. 27
D.W.HITCHCOCK.. Gen. Agt., 1 Montgom'y.S.F.
STEAMER TICKETS INCLUDE BEETH and MSAL\
SS. COLUMBIA.. .Sails June 12. 22. July 2, 12. 52
SS.GEO.W. ELDER..
LOWEST rEt-A-TUS.
PORTLAND, Op.,
And Short Rail Line from Portland to all
points East. Through tickets to all
•. points. *•!» mi' n* mtsrtrnk^iin wnd rail, at
Only St»»»m»J»lF» Iiino *o
O. R. &N. CO.
Thomas Crellln (owner) with F.' H. . Mason
•(contractor), architect Walter J.
Carpenter work, exterior and r interior finish,
stairs," painting, whitewashing,, iron '.'anchors
and ; hardware for ' a six-«tory . brick building
on lot .on S line of Mission street. 118:8T4 W
of Second. "W 98:3%, S 80.E 59:6. S 80, E 39:7H.
N80 'W 10:6 inches., N ; 80; $14,318. .
Builders'. Contracts.
¦ Equity Building .and -Loan Association to
Eleanor J. Potter, lot on N line of Thirty-ninth
street. 200 ,E ¦ of Market. E 50 by N 100. being
lots 21 and 22, Laymance Tract,* Oakland; $1500.
John (or John D.) and Joanah Taylor to Emily
C. Metcalf. all interest in lot on '. 8 - line • of
Charter avenue, 453:9 E' of -San Pablo avenue.
E 50 by S 129:454. being lot 17. Map of Tuttle
Homestead Tract. Oakland; $2300. '..'-. . . <:
AnnaE. Oliphant (wife of David D.) and
John: L.\ Reamer to Sarah E. Reamer (widow),
air Interest ln"lot on SW corner- of Telegraph
avenues (prior • to widening ' to - 100 • feet) and
Twenty-second street (formerly Charter ave-
nue). W. 215. S 129:4%. ,E 217:4, N "129:4% to
beginningj being lots 1 ¦ to . 4, • Map of Tuttle
Homastead Tracts Oakland: $10. V
H.B. and Susie I*.Belden to Winifred Peter-
son (wife of Olaf F.),:iot en W line of Jeffer-
son street,- 50 S of Fourth. S . 23 by W ' 75, • be-
Inglot'17, block 27, same, Oakland: $500. v '
Arthur and Oskle Frey to W. B. : Harrub. lot
on.E line of .Madison street, "37:6 N -of Fifth.
N 37:6 by E'75. being the N half of lot 2 and
all of. lot : 3. block 128,' Kellersberger'a Map,
Oakland; $2CfiO. i. « "\ v -
.- Walton T. Farrar to ¦ Jennie :'H. Farrar. lot
on /S .line of . Clinton avenue, . 85 , E of - Cedar
street, E 43 by S 120, being a portion of block
B, • Bellevue Tract, Alameda; 1 gift..
Bank of Llvermore .'to Henry and William
Seeband./ 10.05 acres beginning, at- a- point on
N line of county road survey No. 1513. distant
6.80 chains E from ' SW corner plat • A, Rancho
Las -Positas, - thence'. N 16.83 chains, SE 6.78
chains. S 14.60 chains, W 6.40 chains to begin-
ning, bolnst a portion of plat A of Rancho. Los
Pcsitas, Murray Township; $3000. : ¦ ..- .
Henry and William Seeband to Rebecca'E.
Rice. * same. Murray Township; $301. ,' . •
.¦ Richard T. and Anna C. Marshall' to Nancy
M. Hull (wife of O.' H.). all Interest in lot
on'NE line of Davis street, 2S3 SE of Peralta
avenue. SE 51., NE 128.39, NW 51. SW 128.C3
to beginning, being a portion of Gallndo Tract,
Brooklyn Township; $lS00. > x - - ;
¦ Homestead Loan Association- of Berkeley to
Phoebe \ D. Durrell (wife - of George G. V lot
on E line of Seventh, street, 150 N of Addlson.
N 50 by E 135. lot 18, block 97, Sisterna Tract,
Berkeley;" $1CCO. * .. ;
" Alnsworth Company of San ' Francisco ' to
Harry B. Ainsworth, undivided six-fourteenths
interest in 3.27 acre3 beginning at the point of
intersection of center line cf Vernon street
(or First avenue) with E line of Vicente Per-
alta Reserve, .thence NE along the * center ' line
of Vernon street, produced 550.90, ' NW 141. 90.
NW 231, " SW 379. SE 257.90 to beginning, ex-
cepting; beginning .at a point. on ,E line of
Vicente Peralta Reserve 237.80 on a course NW
from point of beginning ¦ as above established
in foregoing described land, thence - NE 373,
SW'379, SE 20- to beginning. . the intersection
of this exception Is for a right of way 20 feet
wide and 379 from E to W, Oakland Town-
ship; $5000. ¦ ¦ ¦ ... \ .*
' J. H. ; and - Minnie Klee to Joseph N. and
Ellen Crystie. all Interest In lotion N line of
Delgsr (or Twentieth) street, 180 ' W , of Tele-
graph' avenue/ prior to widening to 100 feet,
W 45 by N ICO, Oakland; $2500. .
Alameda County.'
• Frank K. and Grace W. Lippitt to Anton
and Friederlck , Simen, lot 2. " block 2S4. South
San Francisco Homestead and - Railroad . Asso-
ciation ; $500. -. ¦ '.--..• • ' '
A. C. Freeman to,Geneveva Garcia, lot on
N line of Fourteenth avenue. 23 W of R street.
W,25 by N 100. lot 26, block 262. O'N. and H.
Tract; $500. ¦ . .- ' -.
¦ Annie A. Kelly to Gertrude Rayfield. lot on
E line of Forty-eighth avenue, 150 S of T
street. S 50 by E 120; $1000. : . . . ,
•John Tuttle. executor of the estate of W. A.
Newell (by H. M. Covert, commissioner) to
Henry W. and Charles W. Spaulding, lot on
W line of Twenty-eighth avenue. 200 N of J
street. N 50 by W 120; also lots 1148, 1150, 1132,
gift map 2; $72S. : .
Edward Archer to W. F. Glasgow, lot on N
line of A street. 32:6 W of Eighth avenue, W
23 by.N 100; $1000. ' .
William or William L.' Duane to " George
Golder, lot on'SE line of Natoma street. 325 NE
of Seventh.-\NE 50 by SE 75; also lot on SE Mne
of j Natoma street, 100 NE of Seventh/ NE I 23
by SE 75; $1000. :, , '= ' ' .
John E. and Catherine Buckley to Catherine
A." Sheehan (wife of John H.), lot on SE line
of Park lane north. 212 SW of Second street,
SW-22 by SE 98; $2300. •
Mary Cheever, to James ¦ C. Pennie, lot on E
line of Powell street. 68:8 S of Washington, S
23 by E 60; also lots 1 to 4, 7 and 22. block 860,
and lots 12 to 23, block 870, Tide Lands Map
4 (quitclaim deed) ; $500. •
Emllie ! L. or Louise E. Dorris (Salmon) to
George. W. Armbruster, lot onE line of Bat-
tery street. "91:8 N of Jackson, N 45:10 by E
137:6 (quitclaim deed); $1. \ .-
t>. B. : Fairbanks to C. G. Bryant, lot on S
line of ' Nineteenth street, 260 E of Dolores, . E
50 by S 114; ?5C0. . .-¦'¦• ••¦¦'-.
, -Josephine F. Brugulere to Emil Streuber, lot
on E line of Alabama street, 104 S of Twen-
tieth, 8 62 by E 100; $15C0. - f ,
Edward L. and Ida L. Wadham to William
C. Hamerton, lot on j S line of Twenty-ninth
street, 189 W of Dolores, W 23 by S.114 (quit-
claim deed); $1.. • , ,
Ivan Treadwell to William Matthews, lot on
NE corner of Hayes and Clayton streets, E
206:3, N 137:6, W 10O.S 12:6, W 106:3, S 125;
also lot. on S line of Hayes street. 63:6 W of
Ashbury, .W 28:0, S to a point, SE to a point,
N 27:4%;. also lot on SE corner of Grove and
Cole streets. EvlOO by S 127:5; also lot on S
line of Grove street, 162:6 W of Clayton, W 25,
S 258:4. SE 25:4%. N 266:10%: $28.000..- "
' John Fitzgerald to Mary Fitzgerald,- lot on
S line of Bush street, 163 W of Broderlck, W,
,65 by S 137:6; gift.
Mary.E. Lee (wife of John H.) (sometime
wife of Frank H. Ellis, then known as Mary
F. Ellis) and John H. Lee (her husband) to
James F. Parks, lot on N line of Bush street.
25 W of Lyon, W 25 by. N 75, consideration $150
and release of mortgages amounting to $4622 10;
J500. ' .. . './ ,..
Maria ' or Mary and Edwin A. Mocker to
Louise M. Robinson (wife of R. G.), lot on W
line of Devisadero street. 114; 9% -N of Hayea,
N 4Vi Inches by W 137:6; $ .
City and County of San Francisco-to Honora
A. and Elizabeth A. Buckley, lot on NW cor-
ner of Turk and Devlsadero streets, W 125,' N
275, E. 25, S 25, E 100, S 25, W 100. N 52:6. E
ICO. S 172:8; $ .
Margaret K. Fculkes to Alfred T. Moss, lot
on W line of Seventh avenue, 225 N of Lake,
street.' N 50 by W 114; $1500. .
-Estate of Adolph Sutro (by William R. H.
Adamson and Emma L. Merrltt, executors) to
Robert ' Hocken, lot on N line of California
street,- 55. -3% E of Second avenue, E 25:1&, N
91:494, W 25, S 93:11^; *800. v ";¦-¦¦
- Jacob and Llna Heyman ' to Hilda Anderson
(wife of Charles E.), lot on SW line of Eight-
eenth avenue south, 150 ! NW - of H street. - NW
75 by S W. 100, block 363, South San Francisco
Homestead and Railroad Association; $500. .
Cornelius and Catherine T. Buckley to Otto.
H. - Johnson, lot ' on ' S : corner of Seventeenth
avenue and D street south, SE 50 by SW 100,
block 345. CCN.&H. Tract; $750.
Robert H. Solomon 1 to Margaret G. Solomon,
lot 59, Bernal Homestead; gift.
William H.. Edward J. and Maria A. Almon
and Johana Welch (wife of Frank) to Joseph
F. Dolan, lots 1413 and 1416. Gift Map 2; also
lot 1665. Gift Map S; $500. ' •
Savings and Loan Society to Ef He - C. * So-
bieski, let on S line of Broadway, 75 E of Van
Ness avenue, E" 25 by S 47:6," quitclaim deed; $1.
James C Pennie to Mary Cheever, lot on W
line of Octavla street.. 75 S of Pest. S 23 by W
77:1; also lot on S line of Bush street. 75 W of
Laguna, W 87:6, S 137:8. E 18:9, N 50. E 18:9,
N 87:8, quitclaim deed; $1. •
i Real Estate ' and Development Company to
Patrick and . Kate Hannon, lot on SW corner
of Nineteenth (Butte) and. Texas streets, S 25
by W 100; grant. . •
EEAL ESTATE TEANSACTIONS.
The company reserves the right to change
steamer?, sailing . date* and hours of sallins
without previous notice. ' - " -
TICKET OFFICE- ? New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agent*.
• v :¦., -10 Market st., San Francisco.
For further Information obtain company's
folders. • • ' *.s£ar3*fc>9f<«
. For Knsenada. Magdalena Bay; San Jose del
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata, La Paz. Santa Rosa-
lia and Guayraas, (Mex.) — 10 a. m.. 7th each
month .-....- - • :
For Los . Angeles, calling at Santa Cruz.
Monterey, San Simeon, Cayucoa. Port H-irforJ
(San Luis Obispo), Gaviota, Santa Barbara,
Ventura, Hueneme. San Pedro. East San | Pe-
dro. •Newport ('Corona only)— Steamer -Corona.
Saturdays, 9 a.m.; steamer Bonlta, Tuesdays.
9 a. tn. * ' - • •.
For San Diego, stopping only at Santa Bar-
bara. Port Los Angeles and Redondo (Los An-
geles) — Steamer Queen. Wednesdays. 9 a. m :
steamer Santa Rosa, Sundays, 9 a. m. i
For Eureka and Humboldt Bay— 1:30 p. m..
June 2^7, IV 16, 21, 28, July 1, and every fltth
day thereafter.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
V " * * Steamers - leave ' Broadway
fcw_ a 8effK^'. Whar '' San Francisco: Sjapflta
tflfc,. For Alaskan ports — 11 a. m..
t^EHhk June 5. 10, 15. 20. 25. 30. July
IjSI^SsSlfc 5 - Change to company's
: steamers at Seattle.
] Bh^<^W xal For Victoria. Vancouver (B.
! UH^KE^^Si c -^' Porc Townsend, Seattle.
1 Tacoma. Everett. Anaoorvi
and New Whatcom (Wa*h.)-
* 11 a. m.. June 5, 10, 15, 20, 23, 30,
July 5, and ev*ry fifth day thereafter.. Changs
at Seattle for this • company's steamers for
Alaska, and G. N. Ry. ; at Seattle or Tacama
for N. P. . Ry. : at Vancouver to C. P. Ry. ¦ ¦
seen* again. .."When -the men in th© cap-
tain's jboat' had' been out . fourteen days
the provisions were nearly all gone and
at the end of three weeks there was noth-
ing, !eft;l not even shoe leather. One of
ths sailors caught a .shark and the blood
¦was run. into cans ¦ and' a portion given
to : each *" man. , This : somewhat revived
them and for seven days' they caught
sharks and drank their blood to keep
themselves alive. On the thirtieth day
the. British ship Andromeda hove in sight
and, • picking them up, landed them at
Cap© Town. They could hardly walk when
taken aboard and were still skeletons
when put ashore^ -
. avenue, - between " Seventh - and • Eighth.- Fol-
i Bom and -. Harrison • streets, i Interment I Laurel'
>. Hill Cemetery.;- , " ¦¦ i .? -^ *
WIENSINGER— In this city, June 2,""' 1901."
;' John .Wiensinger, dekrly beloved husband of
• Babette . WIensinger, . and brother ; of Maria
r. Wiensinger, ? a , native ', of v Austria, - aged 49
-years 2 months and 9 days. t , . '•. - • ¦
' i iCT Friends and ' acquaintances are - respect-
invited to attend the funeral "to-morrow
; (Wednesday), . at 9 o'clock, from the* Chapel
': of St.'-, Joseph's Home, corner of Park Road
. avenue - and Baker streets," where - a < solemn
•requiem high mass will.be celebrated for the
:,'¦; repose of his soul, commencing at 9 o'clock
.' Interment Holy Cross Cemetery. ' {
WOHLTMANN— In this - city. June 3, 1901.
Helnrlch. .Wohltmann, !> beloved brother of
- Mrs: Meta'BIerbrauer, .a native of Germany.
: a#ed 71 years 4 months and 4 days. \
¦ , r -.- . |l_^ Friends ¦ and acquaintances are respect-
' fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from V. O. R. M.
•Hall,' 510 Bush street, where services will be
.. held; under. -the . auspices of Pacific - Stamm
-No.- 66, U. O. R. M.l -Interment I. O. O. F.
Cemetery. Remains at the funeral parlors of
H.'F. Maass," 917 Mission street.- ,-
YOUNG— In'thia city, June 2* 1901. Annie W..
beloved wife of Carlos G. Young, and mother
-of Leah : S. -and ' Minnie H. Young, and sister
v of Mrs. Elizabeth BIsbee and Lewis and Ben
Williams, aged 51 years.- ,• - • .. • -.> : f .
._.. - CSTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully ¦ invited '¦" to . attend the funeral at St.
Stephen's Church, Fulton street. 1 between
Flllmcre and Webster, at 2:30 o'clock. > tc-
. morrow fWednesday). * .
ICT'Frlends i and > acQualntancea . are respect-
fully; Invited 'to 'attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), > at 2 . o' clock, a from • the i residence
of ' his i parents, .14 'Bruce place,'. off' Harrison
'.. (ry Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited, to the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), atz o'clock, from his late resi-
dence- in- Colma, San Mateo County, .thence
¦ to Mount O.llvet I Cemetery, .where . services
will be held Jn the chapel. Interment Mount
Olivet Cemetery. . - • >
REICHWAGEN— In this "city, June 3,' 1901,
-Louis, dearly beloved son of Louis and Car-
rie- Reichwasen, a* native '< of San Francisco,
ajted 1 year-6 months and 16 days. - , * \ ¦
. ; t^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
¦ fully Invited to attend tha funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence
of . his parents, * northeast • corner of \ Pennsyl-
vania avenue and ¦ Twenty-third street. ; In-
terment Odd : Fellows'. Cemetery.: '-'. ;*'.',¦ V
BENDICH— In this cltjr. 7 . June 1, 1901, Nicola
Rendich, a native of San Pietro Brazza, Dal-
matia. Austria, aged E0 years. ¦ . -.:¦- : .-. :¦-
• p^Frlends and acquaintances are. respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this flay
(Tuesday), at 2:30 o'clock, . from the funeral
••' parlors of McGinn & Uansen, 214 Eddy street.
.Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery/, • _i
S AUNDERS— In ' this ¦ city, • Jun£&, - 1901/ Fred-
' erick, beloved husband of. Satan Saunders,
and i father of Fred, George, Etta and Cora
Saunders and Mrs. W. A. Wheeler, | a native
of London. ; England," aged 52 years 4 months
and. 11 days.- "»Ws ¦ r* ' , >' ' ' '-\'
C7"Funeral services will be held, to-morrow
* (Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, at the , parlors of
'Halsted & Co., 946 Mission street. . ; :
SKOW-In ' Stockton.!/ June 2, ¦ 1901. Mrs. ' Sine
Skow, dearly belovad ; wife of , Chris » Skow,
and '. mother; of Walter • and Baby Skow. < a
.1 native of Denmark, aged 34^ years 3 months
and ."12; days. > V, (,'.¦¦: C'-~ *(¦'¦" ~\
. CTRemains at the parlors • of ; Valente,
Marlni &/ Co., .1524 Stockton t Btreet. .;
SMITH— In ~ Oakland, ' June • 1/1801,1 Jane,: be-
¦ loved ' wife " of Daniel ; Smith, and , mother . of
William, Robert, Alice. Bertha' and- Katie
: Smith. Mrs. C. Roach,/ Mrs. ;L. Fossland.
Mrs. H/ Foster and Mrs.' C. Cheeks, a. native
of Ireland, ' aged 65 years. •-.. , . •,;¦-,
1 (C7"Frlends and .' acquaintances are respect-
fully invited • to. attend I the . funeral this ; day
(Tuesday). ' at ' 9 : o'clock, '¦. from her,; lata real-
- dence, 1812 ' Seventh street, thence . to ¦ St. . Pat-
; rick's Churcli/ where a solemn requiem mass
' will be celebrated for the repose of- her soul,
' commencinR at • 9:30 : o'clock. * Interment St.
¦Mary's Cemetery, Oakland. ;'. ..;,.« ,
SUCH— In this city, June 3,' . 1901. f Rosina Sucru
.;- beloved •. wife of - the ¦ late • Francis • L. - Such,
': and : mother of , Mrs... W. v B.-.' Turrell •- and ¦ W.
T. '. Such. ; i a " native of ¦ New; York, V aired ¦ 71
c - years, s (Tacoma ' papers please : copy.) i < J 33
: .;..*tZF Notice of funeral : hereafter.';- ; !'".".:; \
WHITELOCK— In' - this 'city.l June '- 3,. 1961,'
' ¦ George , Whitelock ' Jr. ; . dearly beloved son ' of
. Georite and .'Annie * Whiteloek; .; and beloved
brother of Winnie, Willie, Barbara' and Julia
: : Whitelock, i a' native '¦ of y Sar»" Franclscoij 1 aged
EyFrlends and- acquaintances are respect-
fully invited. to attend the funeral to-morrow
¦ (Wednesday), at 11 o'clock, f rom . his . late
residence, 1603 California street. Interment
';. Cypress Lawn Cemetery. ;-. '
RADLOFF— In this city, June 2,' 1901, -Ludwig,
beloved -son" of -Bertha Radloff. and father
of Otto. Herman, Oscar and Ernest Radloff
and Mrs. P. Thornberg. a native of Germany.;
aged 62 years 2 months and. 22 days. ',
I (CFuneral to-morrow (Wednesday), at 10
o'clock, from Teutonia Hall,' 1322 . Howard
- street, between Ninth and Tenth, where the
services will be held, under the auspices of
Gesellschaft' Teutonia. Interment .Masonic
Cemetery/ Remains at the parlors of
Theodor Dierks, 937 Mission ¦treet, v between
Fifth and Sixth. , ' ,
RAVN— In" Colma, , June • 2, " 1901, Geortre, - be-
' loved husband * of Barbara Ravn, and father
of George. John, ' Lillie and Ida Ravn - and
: Mrs. Annie Matthew Callon and Mrs. James
Callon, a native of-Holsteln, Germany, aged
52.years 3 months and 11 days. '--'Z - " '-.
H. GRIMSHAW, Recorder.
COURT GOLDEN ERA No. 36, F. of A.— Of-
ficers and members: You are hereby notified
' to attend the funeral of our late brother. H.
. Heina, 'this day (Tuesday), at 1' o 'clock,
from. Ms late residence, 121sH4 Kearny street.
, By order of " H. C ANGELIS, ¦ C. R.
M. LEVY, Financial Secretary.
HEMENWAY— In Oakland, June 3, 1901, Miss
Emeline H. Hemenway, a native of New
' York.'..'- ; - . -.. ¦, : ' . ' - ¦ "¦ ¦¦ ..
HERMAN— At the Foundling Asylum. June 1,
1901, George C. Herman, aged 1 month and 19
days. .
HESTHAL— In this city. June 2, 1901, Bertha,
beloved wife of W. J. Hesthal, mother of
Ferdinand E. Hesthal, daughter of Mrs.
Marie Hesthal, and sister of Ferdinand E.
Hesthal and ¦ the late August Hesthal and
Mrs. Emma Schramm, a native of Germany,
40 years 5 months and 10 days. ' . .
(CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this 1 day
. (Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, . from I her late resi-
dence, 3780 Seventeenth street. Interment >L
O. O. F. . Cemetery. : . .' " . ¦
HOFFMEYER— In Oakland, June 3, 1901. Vol-
mer A. H.. Hoffmeyer, a native of Copen-
- hagen; Denmark, aged 51 years 2 months and
12 days. - . ¦'- r. ' ¦ - i. "• I ¦
\CT Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully ¦ Invited to attend the ' funeral services
-to-morrow {Wednesday),' at 10:30 o'clock." at
the parlors of Albert" Brown, 468 Thirteenth
-. street, Oakland Interment private.
KEEGAN— In Oakland, June 3, 1901, Florence
M.. beloved Wife of Edward Keegan, daugh-
ter of Mrs. B. M. Canty, and sister of Mary,
John and Alice Canty and Mrs. Frank, Pon-
ton, a native of Buffalo, N. Y.;,aged 22 years
4 months and 15 days."' \ ¦ ',
KENNEDY— In , Berkeley, ' June 3, 1901, .John 1
. E. Kennedy, a native of. New York, aged 50
years 3 months and 23 days. '-¦ .
OHMEN— In this city, June' 2, 1901. "Vv'illlani
H., dearly beloved husband of Margarethe
¦ Ohmen. - and ' father of Tillie, Hattie and
Harry Ohmen, a native of Germany, aged 66
years 2 months and 3 days. A member of
Farragut Post No. . 4, G. A. • R., and San
Francisco Lodge No/ 1922, Knights of Honor.
(New - York paoers please copy.) ¦' .¦ <¦
(ryFriends and acquaintances are respect-
' fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 1 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 1312B Harrison Street, near Ninth,
thence to Masonic Temple, corner of Post and
" Montgomery I streets, where services will be
held "under the auspices of Mount Moriah
Lodge No. 44, F. and A. M., commencing at
.2 o'clock. Interment Mount Qllvet Cemetery
by" carriage. . .
PUTTOCK— In this city. June 2. 1901, Harry,
beloved - husband of Lizzie Puttock. anri
father of ¦ Fred, - Harry, Lillie, Jack and
James Puttock and Mrs. A. A. Thorpe, a na-
tive of Petworth, near Gillford, Sussex, Eng-
land, aged 55 years 4 months and 1 day.
(CTFriend8'and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 1:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 1219% Kearny street, near Green. In-
¦ i terment Cypress Lawn Cemetery, i . '
HALL of Unity Lodge No. 27, A. O. U. W., 32
j O'Farrell street — The funeral escort is hereby
notified to assemble ¦ *t the hall this day
(Tuesday), at 1 o'clock sharp, to attend the
funeral of our late brother. Henry Heinz.
Fines will be strictly enforced. By order of
N. RIESE. Master Workman.
- (GTFrienda and acquaintances are respect-
fully : invited > to attend : the funeral this day
. (Tuesday), at 9 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 1831 Stockton street, : thence to St.
Francis Church, Vallejo street, where a sol-
emn requiem high mass will be celebrated
' for- the repose of her soul, . commencing: at
9:80 o'clock. Interment St.- Mary's Cemetery,
Oakland, by! 11 o'clock creek boat.
HEINZ— In this city, ft June 1, 1901. Henry,
dearly beloved husband of Margaret Heinz,
and father of William J. and Henry Heinz
Jr. and Mrs. Lizzie Hlldebrand, and brother
of Mrs. Margaret. Molk and Jacob Heinz and
the late Mrs. William Gllbart, and brother-in-
law of Mr. ; and Mrs. J. W. Staneart. a na-
tive of Birmingham, England,, aged 50 years
-3 months and 7 days..
' ICT Friends and acquaintances are respect-
. fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at '9:15 o'clock, -from his late
rcBldence, J922 Eddy street. th«nce to Holy
Cross Church, .where a solemn requiem mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul,
' commencing at 9:30 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross' Cemetery. '. . ." '
GRIMES— In ; this city, . June 2, 1901, Ann
Grimes, Jjeloved wife of the late James
Grimes, . and mother . of the late Patrick
SiGrlmes and" Mrs. Michael' Ryan, Mrs. Mary
| McClelland and the late Lizzie Perry, /and
grandmother- of Mrs. Harry. Logan,, and
g gTeat-grandmother of Miss Marguerite Coyle
and William- J. Trayers, and aunt of Mrs.
Mary Kohler, a native of Belleturbert, County
' Cavan, Ireland, aged 95 years. (Oakland.
Cal., papers please copy. . : ¦ ¦ ;. . . :¦ •
CTThe funeral will take place this day
(Tuesday), at 9:30 o'clock, - from the parlors
of the United Undertakers, • 27 and ' 29 Fifth
street, thence to St. Patrick's Church" for
services at 10 o'clock. Interment private.
Holy Cross- Cemetery. ¦ . «• -.' .- ¦'¦;. ¦'¦
DUFFIE— In this city, June 2, 1901. Alice Duf-
fie, a native of Ireland,' aged 70 years. ¦ "
ENRIGHT— In this city, June 3,-1901, Thomas,
beloved father of Mary A. and John J. En-
right, a native of County Limerick. Ireland.
.: - uy Friends and acquaintances are respect-
: ! fully invited to attend the funeral tb-morrow
¦ '(Wedresday), '-at -8:30 (o'clock, from her late
• residence, 2428 Harrison street^ thence to St."
. -. Peter's ~. Church, ' where \ a ". solemn ' requiem
', high mass will ¦ be celebrated for the I repose
\ of her soul,". commencing at 9 o'clock. . Inter-
: ment Holy Cross \ Cemetery.' - ¦'> ¦-:-.:' ¦<§
CERFOGLIA— In this city, June 3; 1901, . Dora.
- Cerfoglla (nee : Burmeister), dearly beloved
: wife of Enrico Cerfoglla, sister -of. "Enrico
/'Burmeister, and daughter of the late Henry
, Burmeister, a native of : Ban Francisco, • aged
, 29, years. •'.'. ¦',';¦ ¦¦ „ ''¦ ; ¦' - ¦:
COTTER— In this city, June" 3. 1901, John Cot-
"¦' ter, a. native of Ireland, aged 69 years." ... '
CURRAN— In . ' Oakland, June 3, 1901, Mary
; Ellen, beloved -daughter" of -Hugh Curran,
: and ' sister ' of Margaret, -. Hugh , and • Edward
Curran,: Mrs. 'William Crawelr and Mrs. Wil-
liam Blondell, a native of San Francisco.' \
, " i " ICTFrlends are ' respectfully " Invited -' to '„ at-
: tend the funeral to-morrow (Wednesday), at
.9 o'clock, from her late residence, 1002 Bast
Thirtieth . street, - thence : to St. Anthony's
Church, Sixteenth avenue and Sixteenth
street,- where a requiem mass will be offered
for the repose of her soul, commencing at 10
• o'clock. .Interment Mount Calvary. Cemetery.
DONOVAN— In this city. " June 2, 1901. Eugene
• ¦ Fv, beloved i son of . Timothy Donovan, ¦ and
V brother of Joseph; Paul and Jerome Donovan
and Mrs. Annie Eldridge, Mrs. Francis Buro-
. ham and the late. Nellie and Timothy Dopo-
i van,i a native of Stm Francisco, aged 27 years
and 27: days.. 1 - *- ¦ ¦ ; "
a native of Madison, Wis., aged 36 years. and
24. days. . , •"..- y . •- ¦": ; -"'.'•"T->-'.v.«i.';.-i^>"-.-.-.>'«iand wines of rarity : were quaffed during
* the l meal. £ The . expenses - of - the evening
were materially added to by the result of
the game. which followed the dinner.
f§6 Before -leaving the « Palace Hotel Miss
Rodkinson took one of the clerks into her
confidence f and ¦ askecl a favor, of him.
Acquaintances: she had. made at the.Pal
,;;ace Hotel .were asked by. the lady to call
upomher. ; at her new quarters, but the
clerk was told that -if he knew of "any
.good: people'?, to "bring them along." i
. • •: "It you know of any of the swell crowd'
who like a game of poker don't forget
- roe," was ' the parting 1 remark of the lady
who had the reputation of being the most
learned translator of the Talmud on. this
•!. continent. > ;? - - -• . . -
Scarcely, had Miss Rodkinson settled In
her new quarters. in the California Hotel
'when she ywas called up by telephone.
She was informed over the wire that- the
party | talking to her was Dr. J. : M. Rivas
of Honolulu and ' that " he bore a note of
introduction to her from Charles F. Hern
len of Yokohama, who had met her three
¦ weeks ago. at the: Palace. ... ¦
The ' gentleman told the lady over the
phone that he had arrived the day be
fore from the islands of the Pacific and
MISS ¦ ROSAMOND RODKINSON,
"WHO : DEVOTES HER TIME TO
"SOCIAL" AND "LITERARY"
" PURSUITS. '
It would be pretty tough on some men
if others did the right thing by them.
a friend on Castro street.
After being taken to the City Prison
Clayton begged Desk Sergeant Mellody
to give him a drink.
"Please see that I get a drink of
whisky," he piteously pleaded, as tears
coursed down his cheeks. "To be locked
up without being given some liquor means
that I will never be able to appear in
court to defend the charge that has been
placed against me."
Clayton's request for whisky fell upon
deaf ears, and without much ceremony
he was thrown Into a cell.
"I did not steal the funds of the trans
port," he declared later to a reporter.
""Whoever says I did lies. I don't care to
discuss the matter now, but when -the
case is heard in court I will be able to
show that I am innocent of any wrong
doing. .
i "Since I left the transport I have been
on a spree and did not know the authori
ties were looking for me. Had I known
that they were searching for me I would'
have lost no time In surrendering my
self."
Despite Clayton's statement the Federal
authorities claim that they have a clear
case against him. "When he left the trans
port he was accompanied by F. L. O'Xeil.
who acted as his assistant during the last
trip of the Sheridan. They rented a room
in a lodging house on Third street, but
slept there only one night. Clayton says
he became so drunk that he forgot whers
he roomed, and, after wanderingf about
the city "drinking his head off." as he ex
pressed it, he went to the house on Castro
street where he was arrested.
Arrest of the Defaulting
Clerk of Transport
Sheridan.
! ¦ X . ~~*~ —
Richard Clayton, the . absconding clerk
to Quartermaster Captain Miles of the
transport Sheridan, who disappeared last
Saturday with $1000 of the ship's funds,
was arrested late yesterday afternoon by
Secret Service Agent George Hazen. He
was found stupidly drunk in the house of
CLAYTON CLAIMS
HE IS INNOCENT
As far as the police are concerned they
areas far from a solution of the mystery
as they were, when the case was first re
ported. ¦- Unless the murderer surrenders
hlmEelf or some tangible dew. is obtained"
the awful murder of the unfortunate boy
will forever remain a mystery.
In a statement to I>etective Gibson yes
terday Mrs. Berry, In the absence of her
husband, who is a "Wells, ¦ Fargo ¦& Co
messenger, declared that it was on Decor
ation day— five days after the commission
of the brutal crime— that the chickens
were killed. She showed the detective the
ho tchet which, was used -in putting: the
chickens to death, ' and thoroughly ex
plained the circumstances attending the
incident. • . > . .. -
After running down, every clew and
closely "questioning the people who live in
the immediate vicinity of the tragic oc
currence the head of .the detective depart
ment has come to the conclusion' that a
burglar did not commit the awful crime.
The ; condition . of the house, according to
the police, when the body -was discovered,
bears out the theory that robbery was
not the motive. While the bureau draw
ers were pulled out and the closets ap
parently ransacked the police are satis
fied that this 'was done in order to con
ceal the real motive for the terrible deed.
Yesterday Detective Tom Gibson located
the man who killed the chickens in the
vacant lot opposite the Hislop residence
on l>ecoratlon day. .His name is O*M
Berry and he lives at 100^ Haighf street.
A yellow sheet, in its mad endeavor to
mislead the police, claimed that the chick
ens were killed on the afternoon of the
murder and that the hatchet which was
used In decapitating the fowl was the one
which the detectives found contiguous to
tho .Hislop residence several hours after
the crime was committed.
Captain Seymour and his men, after a
thorough investigation, are satisfied that
revenge and \ not robbery was : the motive
for. the brutal murder of. Robbie HIslop.
Police Give. Up "Hope of
Capturing the
Murderer.
HISLO MYSTERY
STILL UNSOLVED
• "The only route? having:. through. sleeping
car service between San Francisco and St
Louis f-dally. ' gtop^overs "allowed 'at : Salt
Lake I City. J For '• full - information"' ask L.
M.t Fletcher. -212; California street. ¦ •
..-- - ¦¦:.¦¦¦:-! :-¦--«¦¦ ¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦-' ¦-: -,.v,. k ,.-v...:-. ••¦¦'.• •-,
"The ' Missouri ; Pacific Limited'?
Decrees'of "divorce -wef e" granted yes
terday to"", Hermlna Rodriguez from"VAn
tonio Rodriguez f or : ; desertion ; i Nella k M
de .Quadros from Manuel S. de * Quadros
for ' desertion ; George . Burke ' from Alice
Burke for ; desertion, and r Maggie- Mc-
Ijachlan- from John \McLachlan- for cru
elty.- Suits; for divorce have been filed by
Cora Belle; Schmidt '; against • Edward '. A
Schmidt - for h cruelty; -., Sarah , P.> ¦ Gale
against Benjamin P. -> Gale \ for "desertion •
Maggie i McMahon "against; James J Me-"
Mahon for cruelty, and' Bertha Ellen wood
against f , B. ,; Ellenwood for failure'
to provide. : ,--.-.¦;
In: the Divorce Court.
¦ I am glad to inform the public that the
greatest Clothing Assignee Sale will start
.Thursday. By > the way progress is' made
in"7 regulating v the stock '-„• nothing • is to
hinder, the opening. -I will! therefore, an
nounce formally, that the stock of the
Brown . Clothing Co. [of > New York, • con
' sisting of { $100,000 J worthy of clothing; will
be "offered . at; Assignee Sale, 773 Market
¦street, as : stated. ,^There will, be on sale
for that day 2000 men's all-wool suits for
$4.65 . a suit. They have been retailed for
$20 ¦ in every store , that ever had the good
luck to .carry Brown's clothing. ; These -
2000'. suits .comprise all styles— cutaway
sacks, round or square cut. single or dou- *
ble breasted; various r : shades. Fancy
worsted; woolen cassimeres, fancy chev
iots,'serges and clays.- Be readyto look •
for yourself.-' The store, now being closed ¦
will open Thursday 'at. 8 a. m.°to Kive
every one: a good opportunity : to- select^,
what ' h& may » want; but no garment win-,
be sold before 9 a. 'm. at the Clothing As
signee ;Sale" of the 'Boston.' 773* Market
street, i near Fourth. : , P. ; c.' Kelly : as
signee. _...;-.¦¦_ '•I
Thursday/ June 6th.
' "L. H. ; Brlcker, : Acting Chief Postofllce
Inppector, announced yesterday that. the
practice i ot: paying I postal money ¦ orders
at any Presidential office, or branch; had
been discontinued on the suggestion of
the Comptroller at Washington. Hereafter
orders will be cashed only at the offices
designated -in the orders. . . . .
- Mr. ¦¦¦ Bricker ( said that this change will
cause . some inconvenience. • but that - the
postal authorities will endeavor to have
the proper legislation at the next session,
of Congress to enable the old practice to
be resumed for the accommodation of the
public. / .;. ¦ ;: ¦: ¦¦) ¦¦¦.¦¦ ¦' . . ¦ ' - ¦ ¦ [ \ ¦¦ ¦ ¦ :
NEW RULE ANENT CASHING.
OF POSTAX MONEY ORDERS
< A few days ago. according to the state
ments made ; by Miss • Rodkinson . herself,
she "was the sole guest at a : dinner given
at a prominent rotisserie> by a- merchant"
.', prince i of the town. - The host-has'arepu
j tatlon as a chef at his c!ub; and the story,
is I that • on the occasion of his entertain
ing-Miss Rodkinson. he. descended, to the
j kitchen of: theirestaurant'and'; personally
supervised • the . preparation of the meal ¦ a
deux. •¦•¦::.*¦¦ ¦¦-,';.. J ,. •/:;.•- \ •:.¦¦;¦:•¦;..¦.
: Flowers of ; the i choicest kinds helped to
decorate the table and walls of the apart
ment- where the? merchant entertained;
Whether the fair 'Miss Rodkinson will be
a ."good comrade"- to the Bohemian spir
its and admirers :•¦ of Talmudic ' lore •:¦ who
live in this city is doubtful' after the
lady s ' experience of yesterday. ; . .
In the morning Miss Rodkinson- left the
Palace Hotel and took rooms at the Cal
ifornia. She told . the , attaches of -the
Palace that she was tired of the monot
ony of the place and desired a .change.
The bellboys . loudly .] lamented v the ' de
parture of Miss Rodkinson,* for she I; was
looked : upon ; by lads . who answer
calls as a '.'good spender" and, liberal in
l,"tips." -.'• ¦¦ •,.-;-¦ \. .¦¦-:+:-¦ ¦-:¦-:, :- -.--f.-.
A Day's? Experience.
Since May 14. when Miss Rodkinson ar
rived at the , Palace Hotel, I until yester
day there : has been a steady stream of
callers at .the hostelry and it has. not
been an unusual occurrence for the lady
to.be escorted to w/ll-known restaurants
to dinner 'every evening.. .' ¦-.¦•¦ -
Not Wholly <¦ Literary. > i
But in the literary armor of Miss Rod
kinson. there" was a; fiaw. There were
whispers in clubs' and other ( places where
men do .congregate that the fair trans
lator of the Talmud • was not solely de
voted I to literary pursuits.'- . Stories were
told of how - Miss . Rodkinson found time
to attend gay suppers hv French restaur
ants and that she could "draw to a flush"
in the game of poker as well as any vet
eranin-the city. . • -_¦; -¦ . ¦ -. ->
the smoking room of a prominent
club a story was told of how the fair
Miss Rodkinson -was - entertained by a
prominent^merchant, who afterward • en
gaged in sflteame- of poker with his guest,
and that «ie host left- the table minus
many hundreds of dollars, which went
into the- pocketbook of the devotee of
Talmudic lore. • .¦'- > -,¦•-¦-. : -
maiden who was familiar with the Arabic
and Chaldean languages and was engaged
in helping her father to translate, the Tal
mudic writings, given to the world long
before the birth of the Savior. .Miss Rod
kinscn was supposed to be familiar with
the- mysterious writings of Babylon and
learned men of all eects sought the Palace
Hctel to make her acauaintance.
Furnished with letters' of introduction
to some of the most prominent men ip
San Francisco, Miss Rodkinson did -not
want for attention. In fact there was a
regular scramble as to who should, en
tertain her, but those who had studied
the lore of the Talmud did not dare to
cross swords with the . learned ' maiden
from the East. ' They could only sit on
divans and listen to her recital of the
mysteries of Babylon and Chaldea. -
Many in this city listened to the story
of the young lady, who had. copies of the
translation of the Talmudic writings for
sale, and liberal subscribers were not
wanting. Heads of congregations, finan
ciers, business men, lawyers, doctors and
representative men of all the professions
lent their aid to the work of the self-ad
vertised literary woman, and subscrip
tions flowed in for the English versions of
the lore of ancient days.
¦" Miss Rodkinson told of her aged "parent
¦ !n; New,. York,; who Is "'one. of 'the' greatest
men • in B the , ' world; '! - . She ¦ also lauded | a
brother, : who : is | a -"prominent lawyer I on
Broadway. -; New : -York ¦" city,".;-, and ¦ a
I "Btep-brother \. in >. the .-.-- Russian"' navy,','.
k whom^she hoped to- meet^ on'. the .''honey
moon strip." ». • •':' :-¦¦¦ ,./¦ - " ' J . ' ''c-;- ? ..r: . ¦:.
, : If Miss "Rodkinson '; and ; . the •= Hawaiian
medical niani plights their : troth .to-day
there .will • be a broken hearted lover In the
East,- and? patrons .of -the,? Talmud; will
have; to look-: elsewhere" if they « desire ; to
fill i further • orders "¦ for l the ,. translation \ of
. Although : her I companion was supposed
to be»an'expert^ Miss 'Rodkinson invaria
bly I held \ the .winning j hand, I and r in | the
space of an r hour f she was declared . to \ be
able.^to hold 'her/own 'with -'any , 6t ? ; the
skilled.players that- her opponent ; might
pit against her in, his island home, should
she deign to honor. him with'her.hand and
want, of .fortune.* '7? •; ¦ : ¦•':;.
' During the evening Miss Rodkinson told
hei% companion *of '.the many, adventures
in her career; of the \ past six- years: ,' She
admitted she was j engaged' to * be married
to ' '.'George Liebman," • a traveling . man of
Chicago. -.- and - wanted • ,to ;:¦, telegraph ,• : to
'/George'.'.: the •- news . of :her forthcoming
marriage. .jOther f disclosures >i were ¦ also
made 'during*, the , moonlight drive ; back
to-t>own, «but the. owner of the; ear *¦ they
were .whispered into promised never to re
veal the secrets, ".'^^i •/¦¦' '¦ '¦:¦;¦: '¦»'¦ . '. , ' :
Miss Rodkinson Won.
¦When Dr. Rlvas told his fair guest that
m his Island home It was not considered
good form" to be Ignorant of poker play
ing. Miss Rodkinson enthusiastically, in
formed him that -she was "a •thorough
bred- at the game."-. •; •
Just to show, her skill' *at the game of
poker a deck of cards, was called lot auu
In the ¦• quietude < of ; a private room Miss
Rodkinson showed * that in her . study of
the^ Talmud she had not forgotten the
national game of: America. • ¦
ROSAMOND RODKINSON,
, ¦ '." , ." • California Hotel.:
•Miss Rodkinson signed the document
and to make sure of the date, inserted the
words "June 4.7 ¦. ¦¦ .w •-<:¦ t,
*t Aft^, r .i h ?, dlnner - tne P alr to ok a drive to
the Cliff House. : On the drive the pro
posed trip to-: Europe was discussed and
the details of a we tiding and an engage
ment ring and 1 the bride's trousseau were
entered into. > •,..,.. ••-.¦ .-. . ¦
*-.'.: " "~~ — '- : — ~ ; — *
r^JP rout * e to Europe.- IJe desired Miss
wiHl nson t0 dIne with hlm that night,
n't Yh^Vh eVei i k " owin e, the gentleman
at the other end of the .'phone, Miss Rod
kinson agreed to dine with him, saying
me e nt W ° aCel another ' dinner. engage-
Dinner for Two.
rtur^ p ir m> , -9 r - Rlvas cal led at the
California Hotel for. Miss Rodkinson and
In a short |S pace of time the two were
seated at^ dinner in a fashionable restau
rant. With each . course, served in the
best, style of the chef of the establish
ment,, t the conversation of the two
heightened. The host declared his adml
>!? n v^ or \ hls falr guest and, the lady
unblushingly admitted that she had
found her affinity. The recital of owner
woRo« ¦T V ?' lu 5 bIe su&ar stocka in the Ha " i
waiian Islands and a contemplated pleas
ure trip to Europe and! around the world
w ?, n ' the heart of Miss Rodkinson:
Jirre the black' coffee was served the
host had; proposed marriage to the lady
whose life was. supposed to be spent' in
the study of the Talmud and in devotion
to_ her aged father, with whom she col
laborated in literary pursuits. •
, Calling for pen. ink and paper, the Ha
waiian-, medico asked that his fair guest
clinch the bargain and sign a promise to
marry him on the morrow. The challenge
wa .s accepted and the following document
vKSSftE ? *u e doct °r. was signed by the
disciple of the scribes of ancient days:
' " SAN F RANCISCO, cal.;' June 3. 1901.
_To Dr. J.-M. Rlvas of Honolulu. H. I., TJ.
•wlTThi response to your proposal made to
me this evening at dinner at the 'Poodle Dog
Restaurant, that I ; marry you to-morrow, . I
hereby agree that I •will marry you to-morrow.
June 4,-at 2 p. m. " . . .
Before United States District Jndge de
Haven and United States Circuit Judge
Morrow, sitting in the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals yesterday. F. D. Madi
son, representing E. S. Pillsbury. amlcus
curlae, called the attention of the court
to the lateness of the date set for. the
appearance of Judge Noyes, Thomas J.
Geary and . United States District Attor
ney J. L. Woods of Alaska to show cause
why they should not be punished for con
tempt, and suggested that in case any of
the parties cited should fail to. appear at
that time it would be too late to send. a
warrant of arrest after them, this year.
* In view. of such a possible contingency
ho suggested that the order to show cause
be reflated so as to compel the attendance
of the persons named during i the August
term of the court. The matter was taken
under, advisement, and the court ad
journed until the first Monday In July. .-,:'
PREPARING TO GET
JUDGE NOTES TO COURT
He May Be Cited to Appear for Coa
; tempt as Early, as
August. .^
¦ Miss , Mary Redmond has lost " her suit
brought to recover $10,000 from the estate
of the late Thomas H. Carter under the
terms of an alleged compromise of her
suit against . the deceased for breach - of
promise. Some months prior to Carter's
death, which occurred . In August of 1S98,
Miss Redmond sued him j for breach of
promise. She alleged .that in July, of
1894 Carter, who was.- a wealthy car
builder of Newark, Alameda County,
proposed marriage to, her and that I she
accepted his proposal. Subsequently, she
a lieges, Carter, without cause, refused to
marry her. i The suit was finally dis
missed and Miss Redmond asserted . that
she had been paid $2000 by Carter and, in
addition, he had signed- an agreement to
the effect that he would bequeath her
$10,000 in his well. . <¦> ,-¦•
"When Carter's will was filed, however,
there was no mention, made, therein of
Miss Redmond and she filed, suit against
Martin Carter, executor of decedent's
will to recover $10,000, which she alleged
he promised to bequeath her. "When the
case was called for hearing at a recent
date counsel representing Miss Redmond
demanded a jury trial. The court ordered
a jury summoned for ' yesterday, but
when the case . was called neither Miss
Redmond nor her counsel were present in
court. A motion to' dismiss the action
was then made by the f attorney repre
senting the executor of decedent s will,
which was granted. *
MARY REDMOND LOSES HER
BREACH ; OF PROMISE SUIT
Fails to Respond When the Case Is
Called and; It Is Dis- '
-: missed. .
He asserts that he is innoncent of the
charge, and probably relies on the face
of the • officers returning the inonev to
prove it- .;., -
At the time of the court martial of
Neall he turned over to the authorities at
the Presidio $4767, to cover his shortage.
The officers returned to him $4(50, o'aiming
that Neall had paid in too much money.
' As the list of shortages was made by
Neall, it is probable that he Included the
$460 owing- to the soldier, . Cranson, in the
amount. ¦-.-..-. -
"Captain Neall, ' having -been dismisoed
from the army, Is beyond the jurisdiction
of the laws governing conduct of commis
sioned officers.. ¦ ¦ , . ¦' - , •
The complaining witness is John Cran
son, a private in .'Troop : B, 1 Fourth Cav
alry, v United a States army. W Oranson's
story, as related to the Grand Jury, • is
that on June 10, 1898, he paid to Liieuten-
' ant Neall $460 on deposit at the Pre&Idio
in this - city and received as evidenco I of
the transaction the following paper. V
$460.... PRESIDIO, SAN FKANCISCO, Cal.,
. . i June 10. 1898. ¦
Received this day of private John Cranson,
Company B, Fourth Regiment. United States
army, for deposit under sections 1305 and 1306,
Revised Statutes, four hundred and ftxty dol
lars. . .... • ' Attest: J. ,M. NBALL, .
First' Lieutenant, Fourth Cavalry, Command
' ing- Troop. , - ¦ • . -. " ¦» ¦ v - - :.
I F. M. ' COXE, Lieutenant Colonel and Dep
uty Paymaster General.^ U.S. A. "
The indictment 'charges that Neall
"willfully, knowingly, unlawfully, feloni
ously and falsely" forged the name of IT,
M. Coxe -to the -paper. .
, After depositing the money, Cranson
went to the Philippines and in the due
course of routine the certificate of deposit
reached, army headquarters at "Washing
ton, where the alleged forgery -was dis
covered. The prosecution was instituted
here by order of the United States Attor
ney General at "Washington. .~- ¦ •'
The Federal ¦ authorities in ; this ' city,
made public yesterday -the j indictment
found by the Federal Grand Jury against
Lieutenant J. M. Neall : and upon wJUch
he was arrested in Butte, Montana, last
Sunday.- ". .,- , .-.¦¦.- -' \ ¦¦ " '
Dismissed Captain .Accused
of Forging Name of Pay-:
; - master Coxe. ; ,
Federal Grand Jury' Or
ders the Issuance of v
the Indictment/ -
CHARGE AGAINST
NEALL SERIOUS
CAN READ THROUGH THE TALMUD
AND DRAW TO A BOBTAlLED FLUSH
Dual Accomplishments of Miss Rosamond RddW
While at theSame Time She Is Expert in the; American Game of Roker
RIVAL FACTIONS
CUT NO FIGURE
Citizens * Are Preparing
for the Primary
Election.
The Next State Campaign Is
Claiming Attention of
y Wire-Pullers.
: The Republicans of the several assem
bly districts of San , Francisco will prob
ably make up their lists of delegates to
the municipal nominating convention Re
gardless of either faction of the County
Committee. The indications are that the
Board of Election Commissioners will
make the apportionment in a manner. that
will give each district fair representation.
Leading members of the Republican
State Central Committee hardly expect
to be called upon to recognize either loca^
committee of the party. The sentiment
exists that it would be much better for
the community and the party if good citl
aens who are concerned,in the welfare of
the city should assemble in their respect
ive districts and nominate first-class del
egates and then support the nominations
at the primary. "
Shculd a clash occur between the Bou
vier and Tilden committees and the State #
central organization be called upon to ex
ercise the power conferred by law to rec
ognize one body or the other, the State
Committee for consistency's sake might
be forced to declare In favor of the Til
den Committee, which sprung from Mar
tin Kelly's B'nai B'rith Hall Convention.
Kelly and his followers were recognized
by the State Convention at Santa Cruz
when the issue was raised in the cam
paign of 1900. As matters now stand, sev
eral comnjitteemen would rather resign
than recognize Kelly again.
Will Recognize No Factions.
In the Forty-first district no attention
will be paid to either county committee.
The regular Republican Club of that dis
trict, of which Horace Davis is president,
will elect the delegates to the Municipal
Nominating Convention of the party. The
membership of the club embraces so many
active and well-known tax-paying citizens
that its supremacy as a political organiz
ation of the district cannot be successfully
resisted. The club Is oblivious to the ex
istence of factions. The fact' Is recog
nized, however, that a primary election
for delegates to the municipal conventions
will take place on Tuesday. August 13,
and that men of character and good
standing should be sent to the Republican
Convention. At the proper time this club,
representing all the elements of the Re
publican party in the district, will join In
preparing the district ticket of delegates.
Republicans in other districts may de
cide in favor of the course acceDted in
the Forty-first. It is essential that Re
publican merchants, property owners and
workingmen of each district should come
together and agree on the general propo
sition • of putting forward tickets com
posed of decent citizens. As the election
will be honestly conducted under the pro
tection of the law, the votes cast by citi
zens will be counted. Decent men will
vote when they have the assurance that
ballot box stuffing: and the wholesale de-
Ftryction of ballots will not be permitted.
When one is reasonably certain that a
vote given to an honest candidate will
not be counted for a rogue, there is some
inducement to attend the election.
Voters Should Register.
Voters who have changed their resi
dence since the last general election must
register anew in order to vote at th«» pri
mary election on August 13 next. There
can be no better time than the present
for attending to the important duty of re
registration. The office of the Registrar
at the City Hall is open every week day.
AH citizens who were properly registered
for the general election In November last
and who have not changed residence since
that time may vote at the coming pri
mary. New registration throughout is
not required. Only those who have moved
from one place to another should re
register. Of course, initial registration
for "twenty-onesters" Is always in order
Politicians appear to be reserving their
energies for the State campaign of 1902
when member-? of the Legislature. Con
gressmen and a Governor must be chosen
The Legislature to be elected next year
win be called upon to ballot for a United
States Serator, and it Is quite well
known that Senator Perkins Is a candi
date to succeed himself. It appears that
Gage and Perkins are no longer at "outs"
in a political sense. Two years ago at
the San Pedro celebration, the Governor
blazed away si the Senator, while the
latter sat on the platform as the guest
of the Los Angeles folk. For many
months thereafter neither one sought the
society of the other, but times and polit
ical expediencies have softened their
wrath.
Wiio "Will Be TYTnnagerP
The question is often asked. "Who will
nanage Perkins* campaign for the Sen
atorship"? Billy Hamifton, It is said is
so fixed at the custom house that he can
not get away from his official station to
do outside politics, hence he is not count
ed as a probable manager. Since Per
kins' election five years ago. Milton Green
has had so many unlucky bouts in the
political arena that he is not regarded
as available. There is not so much con
jecture regarding Governor Gage's polit
ical manager. All gossiping politicians
assert that Daniel Kevane is the trusted
apent and spokesman of his Excellency
\\ ord comes from Sacramento old-timers
that the Governor cannot be seen with
out the consent of Kevane. History of
Dam and Stoneman Is repeating itself
When Stoneman flourished H. J Dam"
tho executive secretary, held the ap
proaches lo the State Capitol and permit
ted no one to see the Governor until the
nature of the business which the caller
had in mind was fully set forth. It is
the same old Ftory told again. Kevane
must be consulted before the Governor
can be seen.
"COOPER FORGERY TRIAL.— The trial of
'"Sir" Harry WesfR-ood Coooer on the charge
of fonrery for sending: a forced telegram to
Miss NY.rine Schneider, whom he married. Trill
he commenced before Judge Cook and a Jury
lhia mornln~. - • ¦ • • J. „ ..- <
MISS ROSAMOND RODKINSON,
who claims that for the past
six years she has- assisted her
father in the stupendous work
of translating the writings of
the Talmud and thereby won the favor of
local society, finds time for less literary
pastime, judging by her experience of the
past twenty-four hours.
Early in May Miss Rodkinson arrived in
this city and registered at the .Palace Ho
tel. Her fascinating manners and charm
ing personality had their effect on the ho
tel reporters and the lady was written up
at length as one of the greatest . writers
of the day. - . .
Some of the morning papers published
the pictures of Miss Rodkinson and also
told at length of her career in literary
circles from the -Atlantic to the Pacific
and from the border line of Canada to the
surf-swept Chores of the Mexican Gulf.
San Francisco society hailed Miss Rod
kinson as the lioness of the hour. The
plory of Henry T. Scott as the host of the
President paled before, the genius of the
TMEff^ \TXTESJSSt^^^%[ 4, 1901;
12
XJ --.: u .^;_._ r *._._ r J_._ : _•_ _ _ _ ADVERTISEMENTS.
Not Influenced. ;
-_ No- variations of trade, market or season can affect the price cf
borosis Shoe; it is never advanced, and its small margin of profit admits
of no reductions.*;;.;!;:
The Best sh ° e f ° p
't All the varieties of this celebrated *^ f—,*^. ' Pel*
ready-to-wear shoe always at this uni- Gd» ¦< *^ g M
form price "..'....- .'............:....' KM»r K^r m +»J \*J Pair.
- * 73 Styles; Sizes 1 to 9: Widths AAA. to EE.
1 - fl. l^^^iC* SOL>D EXCLUSIVELY AT
vMP/i /7 50 Third St;,
A Jf m It^r Paclflo Coast Agency
|^^f j / M for the Royal $3.50
r'VANVROGM^ I
m lOOl MARKET: ST., Cor;.6th. •' I
T'HIS'WJaiX-KXOWN AND RKLIABLE OLD
.1 Specialist enrei Blood Poison, GonorrhoBa.Gleft,
Stricture, »cmiiuil Weakness. Impotence and their
allied Disorders, nook on Diseases of Men. fr*«.
Over20Tenr«'exper'ence.Term<« reasonable. Hours,
9to3daily;6:30to8.30ev'Kii.Run<ii»Ts.l0tol2. Connnl-
tation free and sacredly coulldential. Call orafldxe*
P. RONCOK lIcXUtTY.BI.D.v: >
SO^i Eearny St« Han Francisco, Cal
-,.¦ --',¦*.¦<¦ • - % ¦ *, - . i ¦
Genuine stamped C. C C. Never sold In bulfc
1; '¦¦ Beware of the dealer who tries to sell '
V •omething-'just^jsood; ' /
1 * .V .% - '¦; V > ' - - - * , '; " .¦-¦•'-*--*
Reached
the limit of exhausted patience with 'other
laundries'. work, send us a. bundle and note
tho effect our. work will have on your linen
ar.d- your spirits.- There. is nothing that is
good i in Jaundry^ work that we don't do.
and we've many little knacks of our own
for our. patrons.'- benefit. • «
No saw edges. ....
UNITEp STATES LAUNDRY
; Office 1OO4. Market Street'
¦ ' "Telephones-South 4-2O, '
Oakland Offlce-54 San Pablo Avs.
Weekly CaU,$l^)0 par Yeaip
.'¦"/'"-'• : *•",'¦ ADVERTISEMENTS. . : *
COmiOHT MM «Y THI MOOT! II A OJUIKZ CO. CINCINNATI '
SWEET RESTORER :' ~.
t 1 iLfifeP canftot be 'imitated except in
appearance, neither can Ivory Soap.
w—J, There are other white soaps that .
look like Ivory Soap, this is a penalty which
it pays for its great success. But you are
hot deceived, there is only one Ivory, the
others are imitations of its perfections.
, 99*>i& PER CENT. PURE.
A Z^f *^^ thus insure the proper develop- %» SjS
lfQ^*ar>.t* s ¦ «ev -t «- ¦ .¦¦'¦ ~ - ':'¦¦' _ • ' - --- . , fljLST- 'I