PRINCESS HATZFELDT PREPARES TO CONTEST
WILL OF COLLIS P. HUNTINGTON, AND VISITS
COAST TO GATHER EVIDENCE OF ADOPTION
THE Princess Clara von Hatzfeldt
and her titled husband arrived
most unexpectedly Sunday, and
The Call made exclusive an
nouncement of their coming and
the mystery which surrounded their
movements. The Call is able now to an
nounce that the purpose of this visit of
the foster-daughter of Collis P. Hunting
ton and the Prince von Hatzfeldt is noth
ing less than to gather evidence upon
which to base a contest of the will of the
railway magnate.
The Princess is now in Sacramento with
her mother, Mrs. Prentice, and the Prince
has made various explanations of her ab
sence, to some inquirers saying she had
gone to Burllngame and to others that
she had gone driving. The Prince refuses
to discuss the proposed will contest and
says the news will be given out to all the
papers in due time.
The purpose of the visit of the Princess
von Hatzfeldt to Sacramento is to pro
cure if possible documentary evidence of
her adoption by Collis P. Huntington. and
if documentary evidence is not procurable
Bhe will seek cumulative evidence that
Huntington regarded her as his adopted
daughter and let It be generally under
stood that he had legally adopted her.
Arrivals Many and Mysterious.
Joseph Redditg, attorney for the Von
Hatzfeldts, came out from New York
early last week and established himself
at the Bohemian Club. His coming also
was unheralded, and his visit vas appar
ently without serious or important pur
pose. But when^his clients reached Cal
ifornia he knew of their coming and went
"up the road" to meet them and accom
panied them back to San Francisco. Yes
terday he was in frequent consultation
with the Prince and the two were in com-
The Prince's eagerness to keep secret
the fact that the Princess was in Sacra
mento is further shown by his statements
to other inquirers that she had merely
gone out driving and would be in later in
the day. The Prince also stated that their
stay in San Francisco would be very
short, only a few days, in fact,, and that
their return would be via the Canadian
route. In spite of this the apartments at
the Palace are engaged for an indefinite
time and "their stay will be gauged by the
slipped into San Francisco and went to
apartments at th\ Palace Hotel and none
knew that the great hotel sheltered them.
Yesterday morning, as the result of The
Call's exclusive announcement of their
presence, many cards were sent up and
representatives of all the newspapers
sought Interviews with both the Princess
and her titled husband. Tlie Prince him
self granted interviews and explained that
his wife had gone to San Mateo for a few
days' rest. He and the Princess had come
to California, he said,* merely for a short
pleasure trip. His reticence and his fre
quent and protracted consultations with
his attorney did not serve to lend force
to his explanation of the purpose of the
visit to the land of his wife's hjrth.
MRS. C. P. HUNTINGTON.
r'TT 5^ HE leaders of the charity workers
I and some of their assistants are
IS in jail charged with conspiracy
to obtain money by false pre
tenses.
W. "W. Doneghy. Helen Barnes, Julia
Howie, Belle Smith, Isabelle McDonald
and Mrs. C. E. "Wilcox were arrested last
evening by Detectives Wren and Dinan
on warrants issued on the complaint of
Charles A. Smith, assistant cashier of the
Columbian Banking Company, who last
week purchased some of the benefit tick
ets of the bogus* "California Boys' and
Girls* Aid Society."
Harry Mamlock, the sleek operator,
who was one of the prime movers In de
frauding the public on the fake concert
scheme, disappeared from the city on
Sunday night. The police searched the
tenderloin for him last night, but without
success. Mamlock did not even take any
of his clothing or effects with him, but
left all his belongings in the room he oc
cupied In a boarding-house at the corner
of Post and Leavenworth streets.
. The reluctance of some of the dupes of
the band of "charity workers" to come
forward and swear to a complaint opened
a way for MamloA to slip through the
fingers of the police. -The swindler was
detained In custody at the Hall of Jus
tice for two hours on Sunday, but Cap
tain Seymour set him at liberty, as It was
impossible to secure a complaint charg
ing fraud.
Cashier Smith Swears to Complaint.
Yesterday afternoon Cashier Smith of
the Columbian Banking Company was
willing to do his duty as a citizen, and by
swearing to a complaint set in motion the
machinery of the law calculated to ef
fectually end the work of the charity
fakers and swindlers and at the same
time protect the charitable public.
After the complaint of Cashier Smith
had been sworn to before Police Judge
A. J. Fritz the - warra nts were signed by
his Honor, and Assistant District Attor
neys Perry and Burke soon had the doc
uments in proper order. Eight warrants
were issued by Judge Fritz.
As soon as the warrants had been hand
ed over to Chief of Detectives Seymour
that official set his force at" work to bring
In the accused parties.
Detectives "Wren and Dlnan proceeded
to room 612, Emma Spreckels building,
where Doneghy, Helen Barnes and the
rest of his - outfit have been located for the
last three weeks. Entering the room the
detectives found Doneghy, Miss Barnes
and a few other persons there. The of
ficers of the law wasted no time, but
quickly placed Doneghy and the woman
under arrest. The warrants were read to
them, and when Helen Barnes desired to
know who Charles A- Smith was, who
had sworn to the complaints, the detec
tives replied that they did not know,
which was the truth.
The arrested persons were taken to the
Hall of Justice and kept in the detectives*
room until the rest of those wanted could
be found. At the boarding-house on Post
and Leavenworth streets the detectives
located Julie Howie, Belle Smith and Mrs.
C. E. "Wilcox. The women took their ar
rest with coolness and only asked for a
chance to "fix their hair."
Mamlock Makes His Escape. *
The room in the house which Mamlock
occupied, adjoining that of his three wo
men accomplices, was then visited by tha
detectives, but Mamlock was missing.
Inquiries made of the three arrested
women led to answers that they had not
seen Mamlock since Sunday evening at
dinner, and the servants in the house In
formed the police that his room had not
been occupied on Sunday night.
The second batch of arrested charity
schemers was taken to police headquar
ters, • and, with Doneghy and Helen
Barnes, were booked on the charge of
conspiracy to obtain money by false pre
tenses.
Doneghy gave his occupation as a "con
cert promoter," residence New York;
Helen Barnes was booked as of "no oc
cupation." residence New York; Julie
Howie stated that she was a milliner of
Los Angeles; Mrs. C. E. "Wllcox was book
ed as a "trained nurse," also of Los An
geles, and Belle Smith gave her residence
as Santa Barbara.
. The police were unable to locate Miss
Detweiler, one of the schemes, who came
from the East with Doneghy. Isabelle"*"
McDonald was arrested late at night by
Detective Hamill and locked up.
Judge Fritz, ift issuing the warrants,
was so impressed with the seriousness of
the offense charged that he fixed the bail
in each case at $1000 bonds or 1300 cash.
None of the schemers were able last night
to secure bail and they spent the % night
behind prison bars.
Conspiracy to Defraud.
The. Penal Code of the State of Califor
nia makes it a misdemeanor for persons
to - conspire for • the purpose of obtaining
; money by false pretenses. The complaint
drawn yesterday by Assistant District At
torney Perry t charged the parties named
with having conspired to defraud the pub-
Schemers XJnablo to Furnish Bail
Fixed by Judge Fritz at $1000
in Each Case.
Harry Mamlcck, One of the
Leaders, Departs, Leaving
. No Clew Behind.
"Charity Workers" Ar
rested and Charged
"With Conspiracy.
FAKERS LAND
BEHIND BURS
OF CITY JAIL
THE members of the House Com
mittee on Rivers and Harbors who
have been In California for several
days examining into the needs of
\ the waterways of the State are ex
i .ttefl to arrive in San Francisco this af
ternoon. Their mission is of vast Impor
tance to California, and every effort will
be made by the public-spirited citizens of
this city, as well as of other cities in the
State, to fa.cIUU.te the gathering: of infor
mation by the Congressional investigators
that will enable them to formulate a. com
prehensive report on the subject that will.
It is hoped, result in an adequate appropri
ation by the next Congress for this impor
tant work.
Members of California's Congressional
delegation have in interviews given clean
cut and logical expositions of the condi
tions that now exist and the necessity of
Congressional aid in the development of
the wonderful resources of the State they
represent. Their statements are support
ed by statistics, and they stand ready to
point out and explain facts to the mem
bers of the committee that can hardly fail
to impress them that the commercial
greatness of this city and State will be
gTeatly enhanced by favorable Congres
sional action for the betterment of Call>
f ornia's rivers and harbors. *
Senator George C. Perkins, Congressmen
Mctcalf, Woods, Kahn and Coombs give
valuable Information on the subject, and
Irving M. Scott takes a broad view of the
scope that Intelligent harbor improvement
may take, dealing with matters within
end beyond the authority of Congress.
To Be Received by Business Men.
The members of the committee will be
received on their arrival here by repre
tentatlves of the commercial bodies of
this city, including such men as William
2X. Bunker of the Chamber of Commerce;
Thomas J. Parsons of the Board of Trade:
A. Sbarboro of the Manufacturers* and
Producers' Association: Moses Greene
baura. of the Merchants' Association: N.
P. Chiprnan of the California State'Board
of Trade, and George E. Plummer of the
committee on commerce.
The Congressmen will first visit Oakland
and consider the needs of that city. Next
they will view the bay of San Francisco
and will visit Vallejo and Napa. Then
they •will g-o to Stockton. Everywhere
they will receive a California welcome,
which was presaged by the imitations
eent out by the California Legislature
and by the commercial bodies. A pro
gramme of entertainment has been pre
pared by the commercial committee, of
which William M. Eunker 1b the chair
man. In the various cities to be visited
local committees have arranged to make
the visit of the Congressmen pleasant and
Instructive.
The members of the Congressional com
mittee are accompanied by members of
their families and friends. The party
includes:
Theodore E. Burton, chairman of the com
mittee; Mr. and Mrs. Walter Reeves. Roswell
P. Bishop and eon, Mr. and lire. Ernest F.
Acheson. Mr. and Mrs. Page Morris, Mr. and
Mrt. «ie AJva Alexander. Mr. and Mrs. Thomas
H. Tongue and daughter. Mr. and Mrs. George
P. Lawrence. Mr. and Mrs. James H. DavJd
scn. Mr. and Mrs. Rufus E. Lester, Mr. and
Mrs. John H. Ear.khead and Miss Richardson,
Mr. and Mrs. Philip D. McCulloch and daugh
ter. Mr. and Mrs. Albert S. Berry, ilr. and
Mrs. Thomas H. Ball, Mr. Hills, secretary of
tfce committee; Frank H. Hitchcock, chief of
the Bureau of Foreign Markets of the Depart
ment of Agriculture; Mr. Henche, stenographer,
end Mrs. Henche; Mr. Crist, messenger.
The visit of the Congressmen is recog
nized in all quarters as being Important
and significant. The distinguished mem
bers of the House of Representatives are
traveling thousands of miles In search of
information, which will be gladly given.
They come to the Pacific Coast to see
personally the rivers and harbors and to
consider the needs of the people which
can be met by Congress. Their journey
Is unique In American history. As Con
gressman Metcalf says In an interview:
In the history of the American
Congress it is the first time that a
great committee has traveled thou
sands of miles to personally inspect
and inquire into the needs and possi-
tilities of our State in the all-im
portant matter of our rivers and har
bor improvements. They are here by
the special invitation of the-Legisla
ture of this State and the various
commercial bodies of California, pre
sented by the united California dele
gation in both Houses of Congress,
end they come without any appropri-
ft tion by Congress to meet -the ex-
pense of the trip.
The Fifty-sixth Congress failed to pass
a river and harbor bill owing to well un
derstood causes. The question of the util
ization cf rivers that are not navigable
for the purpose of irrigating arid lands
was coupled with the improvement of
navigation, and the bill failed. California
was very largely interested. The facts
are bo well understood in the several lo-
ragresslonal Investigators. Are Ex
pected To-I>ay and Will Be Wel
comed by Our Citizens.
Urgent Need of Improvements
to Aid in the State's
Development.
"Wealth of Pacts for
Rivers and Harbors
Committee.
CALIFORNIANS
GRASP GREAT
OPPORTUNITY
contest will be Titanic. What a feast for
the lawyers to fatten upon will be spread!
What possibilities of years of litigation,
of bold attack and skillful parry of appeals
and long- delays!- When the e^ye of pro-^
crastination takes its measure the strug
gle for the fortune left by Fair shrinks
to insignificance. It will be a battle
royal, in keeping with the gigantic opera
tions of the age. of the steel trust and the
Harriman syndicate:':
Prince Not * Ready . to Talk.
Prince Hatzfeldt spent a very busy time
yesterday. After seeing his wife, the
Princess, off on the 10 o'clock train for
Sacramento, he visited the Crocker build
ing and had a lengthy conference with
Joseph Redding,- his attorney. After
lunch he paid another visit to Redding's
office, accompanied by his friend, Mons.
F.M. Guedalla, who is visiting the coast
in the Prince's party. He then went back
to the Palace Hotel and ordered a vic
toria to take him for a drive .through
Golden Gate Park. While waiting the ar
rival of the vehicle the Prince was inter
viewed by a Call, reporter.
"The Printass has gone out of town
alone, has she not?" was asked^
"Yes. She will be away for a day or
so," the Prince replied.
"She went to Sacramento, did she not?"
"Where she went I would prefer not to
say,", he replied.' ' . -
The Prince was showing signs of un
easiness.
, "Is it not a fact that the Princess is
going to contest the will of the late C.
P. Huntington?" '
. "I have nothing to say at all about the
matter at present," he answered. "When
the proper time comes I will send" for all
the newspaper men and state what I
want to tell them. I want to treat you
all alike, but I i am not ready to talk
yet."
The. vehicle was waiting and the Prince
entered the carriage, accompanied by his
friend Guedalla, * the latter adjusting his
monocle before giving the driver the
word to start.
Mills Has Important Business.
"VV..H, Mills, land agent of the Central
Pacific Company, arrived here from the
Pan-American . Exposition on Saturday.
He is considered one of,- the closest
Continued on Page Twelvfc . - C
- Continued on Second Page.
Continued on Page Ixro.
Princess' Secret .mission. <
The Prince and Princess von Hatzfeldt
munlcation with the Princess at Sacra
mento. .
W. H. Mills, too, who knows more
about the estate of the late Collis P.
Huntington than any other man ¦ living,
arrived Saturday from the Pan-American
Exposition, and, after spending Sunday
at San Mateo, came up yesterday and is
now at his residence on Jackson street.
His arrival simultaneously with the com
ing of the Hatzfeldts and their attorney
is regarded as more than a mere coinci
dence.
H. E. Huntington also, is on the coast.
His arrival was recent, and he is now at
Los Angeles. "He and Mrs. Arabella D.
Huntington. the widow, are the principal
beneficiaries under his -uncle's will, they
receiving all the estate except legacies
amounting to v t2.465,000. He had knpwl
edge of the dissatisfaction of the Von
Hatzfeldts with the will and their con
templated contest, and his presence, at
the temporary scene of action is most
probably more than the result of "for
tunate accident.. * •_ . ...
fection for her had often been demon
strated. 1 But when his will was filed for
probate it was found that: she was treated
as a foster-child only and was given but
$1,000,000 out of the vast •• estate,- and even
that legacy was placed in trust.
Would Not 'Be "Second . Piddle."
Jqseph Redding's. employment . by the
Prince and Princess . to . look after their
interests in the estate' Is not a 'secret in
New York," and that his mission here is
to prepare, for an assault upon the will
is now known beyond doubt. .
A prominent lawyer in New York
was' recently. . approached 'by sl- rep
resentative of - the . Hatzfeldts ¦ with
an offer to engage him to assist
Redding in an. attempt* to' break the will.
The offer carried 'with 'It the' prospect'' of
a princely -fee; but itie attorney "declined.
Much as . he respects the legal prowess
of -Mr. Redding, he would not. consent to
."play second fiddle'/ '.to hlm.'\Further than
that,- he ; believed^ there was yery«llttl8
chance of, the success of such a contest. '
| Charles 'H. ' Tweed : is ; attorney . for the.
Huntington Restate and : ; has I the , handling
of the probate case. '¦•' His influence with
Princess' success in securing the evidence
bo vital to the contest which they will in
stitute.-- ' V -
The Von Hatzfeldts have never shown
an Interest in ¦ San Francisco or in Cali
fornia. They have resided abroad much
of the time since their marriage, and so
cial attractions . have not drawn them to
the coast. The Huntington mansion is
closed, and they cannot cross" its thresh
old, but must be domiciled during their
stay here at a public hotel.
Estrangement of Sisters.
Mrs. H. E., Huntington and the Princess
von Hatzfeldt are sisters, but It is known
that they are estranged and that. the bit
terness between them and their husbands
will lend itself to the contest of the will.
It is said that" the Princess has asserted
that she knows nothing of such a sister.
Not until the death of Collis P. Hunt
ington did it become known that the Prin
cess von Hatzf eldt, so" far as documentary
evidence was concerned, was not the
adopted daughter, of the railroad builder.
It had been ~ generally, supposed that , his
adoption of. her.had been legal. He always
spoke of her as his daughter,* and '"his af-
PRINCIPALS AND THE ATTORNEY FOR PLAINTIFF IN THE PROPOSED HUNTINGTON "WILL -CONTEST, TO _>
GATHER EVIDENCE FOR WHICH IS THE OBJECT OF THE UNHERALDED -VISIT OF THE PRINCE AND
PRINCESS VON HATZFELDT TO SAN FRANCISCO.
Tammany and .the well-known facility
wi th which the New -York j courts dispose
of contests of wills '¦ \ brought on \ shaky
grounds were potent reasons why this at
torney, refused to become connected with
the suit. It is his .belief, and other at
torneys • hold the same opinion, that if
possible "the. Princess will bring some
legal action here that will establish the
fact of her adoption and strengthen her
claim to a ' share of the estate. After
such a skirmish only, they hold, will the
contest in the New York courts begin.
A well-known attorney, who was on in
timate terms with * Huntington, pointed
out ; last night that .; the 'arrivals of so
many interested parties followed close
upon the heels of the appointment of ap
praisers for the small portion of the es
tate' which, is In California. He gave It
as his opinion that it would be found.ul
timately that ;the lots in San Francisco,
Oakland 'and Santa Monica, and the Santa
Monica ranch, which have been supposed
to constitute Huntlngton's holdings ; in
California, had been deeded to Mrs! Hunt
ington, as well as the Nob Hill mansion.
Hope of Compromise ,an Incentive.
The value of the estate was estimated
at the time of Huntlngton's death at $35,
000,000... It has ; recently been appraised at
about $70,000,000, exclusive of the small
California holdings. The Southern Pacific
stock^ of ; which the estate had .600,000
sharesVwas sold to the Harriman syndi
cate, according to H. E. Huntington in an
interview in The Call since his arrival in
San Francisco, for $33,000,000.
-This marvelous increase in value doubt
less has encouraged Princess Hatzfeldt
to make an attack upon the will, In con
fidence that' even if she cannot break it
she can af least keep the. estate' tied up
in .'probate for years .unless ;the fear of
great loss, in the varied interests of the
colossal estate should be incentive enough,
to cause a compromise. A proportionate
share, even, ,of the increased value would
be -well worth the bluff of .a will contest.
! When: the issue is- joined;^ with widow
and adopted, son; and nephew; of the late
magnate fighting .for, the will and the fos
ter daughter asserting by legal procedure
the claim of an Vdopted \ daughter, the
VOLUME XC-NO. 18.
SAN FRANCISCO, TUESDAY, JUNE 18, 1901.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
Foster Daughter of the Late Railway Magnate; Goes to 'Sacramento on a Secret Mission While
the Prince Asserts She Is at Burlingame-^jpseph D. Redding Is Engaged as Attorney to Con
duct Battle for Possession of Millions and His Presence Here Is Explained by Same Purpose
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL.Seme statistics for the year 1900 relating
to the port of San Francisco are illustra
tive of this advance. They are from data
furnished by Secretary Scott of the Cham
ber of Commerce.
Since the bill was killed by Senator Car
ter the need for improvement has grown
greater in this State. The steady growth
of shipping- and commerce is a phenom
enon that has been noted in the East.
calities that It is unnecessary to recapitu
late at this time.
CHAIRMAN OF THE HOUSE COMMITTEE ON RIVERS AND HARBORS AND SOME OP THE SCENES THAT
WILL BE VISITED BY THE MEMBERS OF THAT BODY. WHO ARE IN. CALIFORNIA EXAMINING INTO THE
NEEDS OF THE WATERWAYS OF THE STATE. . . :
and Mose - Maxwell, two desperate ne
groes, have been found dead in the road,
four miles east of this place. Maxwell
had worked for W. R. O'Cain, a farmer,
but having had a dispute with his em
§loyer was driven from the plantation,
ubsequently O'Cain went to • Live Oak
on business. While he was away Maxwell
and Thomas returned, heavily armed, and
learned the whereabouts of O'Cain. They
then left and stationed themselves on the
roadside to await his return. Late in the
afternoon a - fusillade was . heard and
neighbors rushed to the scene to find both
negroes dead. There is no evidence as to
who fired the shots.
Are Killed While They Were in Am
bush'Waiting to Murder a
, Farmer. -•
WELB0RN, Fla., June 17.— News
reached here / to-day that Tom Thomas
ITEGRO DESPERADOES
FOUND SHOT, TO DEATH
The only route having through sleeping
car service between San Francisco and St.
Louis dally. Stop-overs allowed at Salt
I-ake City. For full information ask U
M. Fletcher. 212 California street. •
"The Missouri Pacific Limited'*
These figures illustrate to some ex
tent the commercial claim that Cali
fornia has to harbor and river im
provements.
. The figures relating to wheat, flour,
wines, brandy, fruits and other prod
ucts of California passing through
the port of San Francisco are also in
Some Much-Needed Improve
;tiii...:'.;^:!. raents. . ¦ '.. . • : -_
i Conjflxssman JuliU3 -Kahn ' has this to
Congressman Julius Kahn Describes
SAN FRANCISCO HARBOR.
"I trust that the committee who are now
on the Pacific Coast, after seeing • the
varied and vast resources of California,
her diversified. Interests, and especially
the commerce of our ports and the great
natural waterways in the Sacramento and
San Joaquin valleys, which will enable
the farmers of that great empire to trans
port their grain and products to the mar
ket, will see the necessity of the Govern
ment aiding us in keeping them open to
commerce, thereby increasing the com
mercial trade of our coast ports and our
growing maritime Interests. These object
lessons, I think, will make a favorable im
pression upon the committee," and the Cal
ifornia delegation in Congress will have
their co-operation In securing needed ap-.
propriatlons from the Government for
these Improvements, which are of so much
importance to our State." , • : :
"These recommendations have* been
carefully considered by the Government
Board of United States Engineers," said
the Senator. "The California delegation
was successful In embodying the most of
them in our bill for the improvement of
rivers and harbors, which failed to be
come a law at the last session of Con
gress. I think there is no question
that: the- present Congress will pass- an
equitable river and harbor appropriation
bill. In this bill California will ask for
an appropriation for the removal of the
sunken rocks in the harbor of San Fran
cisco, the imsrovement of the Oakland
harbor. Alviso and Petaluma channels,
Napa River, dredging at Mare Island and
Point Pinole, improvements in the San
Joaquin, Sacramento and Feather rivers;
also the port of San Luis Obispo and the
San Pedro and San Dlegro harbors, and
also dredging in Humboldt Bay.
Senator Perkins says that he could not
give a better Idea of his views in relation
to the needs of the State at large in the
matter of the improvement of Its rivers
and harbors than can be found in the
facts embraced in the report of the Gov
ernment's engineers. The California dele
gation asked Congress to make all the
appropriations that were recommended by
LJeutenant Colonel Heuer.
Needed Improvements.
SAYS GOOD BILL WILL PASS.
Senator Perkins* Outlines Some Much
the millions. They are omitted by
reason of lack of space.
The annual exports of grain there
from amount, approximately, to from
750,000 to 800,000 tons, which re
quire from 175 to 200 deep-water
vessels, drawing from twenty to
twenty-five 'feet; -'.of" water when
loaded. There are imported from 50,
000 to 60,000 tons of raw sugar,
requiring twenty to thirty vessels
drawing from eighteen to twenty feet
of water. There are from 75,000 to
80,000 tons of coal discharged an
nually at the Southern Pacific Rail
road Company's coal-bunkers at Port
Ccsta for distribution throughout the
State.,, The Smelting and Lead Com
pany import from 60,000 to 70,000
tons of coal and coke, besides whicii
they receive large quantities ef val
uable ore from points along the coast.
Prom South Vallejo there are ex
ported annually from 60,000; to 70,
000 tons of flour and mill products,
a considerable portion of which 13
exported in deep-water vessels direct
from the" mill. In the foregoing state
ment no account has been taken of
the immense amount of coasting bus
iness and inland commerce that comes
from, the two great rivers of the Stat3
and through the Straits of Car-
"The Third Congressional District has
many needs, embracing as It does the ap
proaches to the San Joaquin and Sacra
mento rivers, ' the harbor of Vallejo and
the navy yard, the Carquinez Straits, Port
Costa, Pinole Point, Antloch and, last but
not least, Oakland harbor. The great
commercial Interests located at and about
Carquinez Straits have grown to immense
proportions and represent an invested
capital of many millions of "dollars, and
I have no doubt upon a presentation of
the facts and figures to the consideration
of this committee the National Govern
ment will, through its recommendation,
make liberal appropriation for keeping
open the channel to this important point
for vessels of the deepest draught.
As giving some idea of the volume of
business at ports along Carquinez Straits
here is a brief summary of figures:
and harbor Improvements Congressman
Metcalf expresses himself as follows:
"It is a serious reflection upon 1 the
enterprise and spirit of Calif orniaii3
that they sh'ould sit idly- by and al
low the navy-yard at Port Orford to
become the ' naval station; of ',tha
United States on " the I Pacific t Coas t,
"The great need of the harbor^ of .• San
Francisco is that I the navy yard shall
have sufficient sea room and water room
for the great ships that the Government
is building. Suitable legislation should be
procured at once to acquire these facili
ties for Government use. ; ; :• ¦..,. ¦•¦,
Irving ¦ M. Scott? ¦.'declares, in positive
terms that the improvement of the Mare
Island waterway is absolutely essential.
He says:
Sea Room Is Absolutely
Necessary."
VALUE OF MARE/ ISLAND.
Irving' M. Scott Declares That Mora
"The commerce of San Francisco Is con
stantly increasing.,. Since the acquisition
of the Philippines ¦ our trade with the
Orient has grown rriarvelously. With each
succeeding year this commerce Is bound
to increase. While We have one of the
most beautiful and' perhaps one of , the
safest harbors in the world, the- fogs that
prevail in this neighborhood during a few
months in the' year make it Important for
our lawmakers to do everything that can
consistently be done to remove every, nat
ural obstruction that "lies in, the pathvof
incoming- vessels. '¦ . ' .' > •. , : v
"The recent removal of Shag Rock and
the early destruction Arch Rock ;are
steps In the right direction. It seems; to
me that when the Congressional commit
tee has had an oportunlty to examine the
beautiful bav- of. San Francisco; with its
magnllicent harbor facilities, and when
that committee shall have Informed itself
of the growing needs of our ocean .com
merce its members, will r, heartily >.'fa
vor ths necessary appropriations to make
the bay of San Francisco as safe as any
harbor in this country." - ,:• '
feet Is the most immediate improvement
required in that district. Many of the
residents of the district from the Potrero
favor the dredging of Islais Creek,
and no doubt the committee will
visit that ooint. There are a num
ber of obstructions In the bay
of San Francisco and in the Golden Gate
which , should be removed or that should
be so marked that no vessel need be ¦' in
danger of being wrecked upon them. The
most notable of these is 'One Mile Rock,'
and I hope the committee- will recognize
the necessity of: doing, something
either remove this menace to navigation
or at least minimize its dangers. i
from here to Mare Island should also
be deepened." r •.. .
< Mr. -Scott also suggested that there ¦. is
need for deepening the navigable channel
at Oakland and also at Alviso. He also
paid that a coaling station, equipped per
fectly and capable of loading a battleship
in not'over five hours and accessible to all
vessels in the harbor, is necessary. •
-4»
METCALF QUOTES FIGURES.
Gives Facts to Show Importance in
Improvements in His District.
Concerning the needs of the Third Con
gressional District in the matter of river
- BELGRADE. June 17. — A serious rising
Is reported to have occurred In the Turk
ish town of Noyl-Bazar. A thousand Al
banians rebelled at the appointment of
an unpopular lieutenant governor and
compelled him to flee. The rioters then
turned their attention to the Servian pop
ulation. All the shops of Novl-Bazar were
closed and the houses were barricaded
when these ad\lces were sent.
Serious Bio tin 5 Occurs in the Turk
ish Town of Novi-
Bazar.
It was given out last nlghrby a railway
official high in authority that Mr. Stubbs
was soon to be transferred to a position
as traffic expert for the Harrfman syndi
cate, but his headquarters will be in New
York, not Chicago.
ALBANIANS ATTACK
SERVIAN POPTTLATION
Will Be Made Traffic 2Iana'ger for tha
Harriman Group of Rail
*» roads.
CHICAGO. June 18.— AH the roads in the
Middle West and Northwest, In which E.
H. Harriman and J. P. Morgan, the Van
derbilts and J. J. Hill are Interested, here
after will be practically under one man
agement. J. C. Stubbs, now third vice
president of the Southern Pacific, win be
the traffic expert or manager for the
Harriman group of roads, and Darius
Miller, second vice president of the Great
Northern, will occupy- a similar position
for the Hill roads. Both probably will
have offices in Chicago and will act in
conjunction.
Mr. Stubbs will have full charge of all
the traffic affairs of the Union Pacific.
Southern Pacific Oregon Short LJne and
Oregon Railway and Navigation Com
pany. He also will have charge of the
transcontinental traffic affaira of the Chi
cago and Northwestern. Chicago and Al
ton. Illinois Central. Milwaukee ancl St-
Paul and one or two other lines that may
come under Hamman's .control. Mr.
Stubbs and Mr. Miller will act In unison
on all transcontinental and competitive
traffic matters.
STTTBBS TO BE GIVEN
AN IMPORTANT POST
It was generally understood at that time
that the mysterious searcher had come In
The opinion Is entertained among the
Courthouse officials that if the adoption
actually took place In this county it
may have been In chambers, in which
case It was as likely as not that no rec
ord of it was entered by the Judge who
confirmed it. This possibility evidently
was not lost sight of by the agent from
San Francisco, who not only searched all
the archives for documents, but narrow
ly scrutinized the minute-books of the Su
perior Judges covering Che period in ques
tion.
The search of the Sacramento County
records to which reference is- made oc
curred early In September, shortly after
Huntington's death. Men close up In the
Southern Pacific had first quietly conduct
ed incuiries and then an agent came up
from San Francisco to institute a search
It is recalled now that this man did not
state his name, nor would he state his
object further than that he was looking
for certain adoption papers in an estate
•whose name he declined to mention. Even
the deputies • in the County Clerk's and
Recorder's offices were unable to divine
his errand. He kept up the search. for a
week, but no record of the adoption of
Clara Prentice by the railroad magnate
was discovered.
Mysterious Searcher.
The opinions of. various persons were
obtained, and some of these, were to the
effect that no formal adoption, as now
provided for by law, had been made, and
that therefore there could be no such doc
ument on file. Others, however, asserted
that such a document was In existence
and that it might be found had not the
imperfect system of Indexing In vogue by
county officials at that time made the
search difficult. Mrs. Clara Prentice, the
mother of the Princess, declared that she
signed papers relinquishing her claim to
her daughter end that the. adoption was
properly put on record. She expressed the
opinion, when Interviewed at the time,
that the record was In New York, as the
adoption did not take place until Mr.
Huntington and his first wife, who was a
sister of Mrs. Prentice, went to New York
to live. !
The presence of the Princess in Sacra
mento revives interest In the fact that
shortly after the death of C. P. Hunting
ton a search was made through the musty
archives of the county by some one repre
senting the Huntington interests for a
record of the formal adoption of the
Princess by Huntington, but though the
search was vigorously carried on, the doc
ument could not be found.
SACRAMENTO, June 17. — Princess
Hatzfeldt Is visiting her aged mother,
Mrs. Clara Prentice, at Fourteenth and
L streets, in this city. To callers this
evening she said that » she was here
merely on a pleasure trip, and that after
a few days' rest here, her Old home, she
would rejoin her husband. She avoided
reference, to private matters connected
with her journey, if such exist.
Former Searches After Adoption
Papers Recalled by Presence
of Princess.
VISIT TO SACRAMENTO.
"Often when I have ' In the Hunt
ington house or when they came to mjr
house ' Mrs. '¦' Huntington spoke of the
Princess as 'My daughter Clara.' Mr.
Huntington also spoke of the young girl
in the same way. * Huntington never told
me that he had adopted the child, but
everybody in those days was under that
impression.
"I do not know if Huntington did ever
draw up a legal document of adoption,
but If the Princess can produce any such
paper I Imagine that the courts will
recognize Its weight and a different: dis
tribution of the estate might be made. A
peculiar feature of the will of C. P. Hunt
ington is that in it he left to Archie Hunt
ington. his adopted son, $250,000. It is the
general opinion that he was not left a
larger sum in order ¦ that in pro
bating the > will the collateral in
heritance • tax could be , evaded.
Archie Huntington is the son of Mrs. C.
P. Huntington and In making his will he
evidently thought that Mrs. Huntington
•vould well look after her own son at all
times. .
"Mrs. H. E. Huntington and the
Princess are sisters and their maiden
names were Prentice. After the Princess
was married she lived abroad nearly all
the time. It Is about three years
since her last visit to this city. I think
that the Prince and Princess are here on
some business, but I have not seem them
and do not know the nature of It."
Estate's Increase in Value.
Mills admits that he is here on inroort
ant business, and the wise ones shake
their heads and suggest that he is called
here in connection with the case. One
thing is certain, and that is that no one
outside the Huntington family Is able, to
give a better statement of the situation
than he. . ..,-.....
"I know that Princess Hatzfeldt is dis
satisfied with -he terms of the late C. P.
Huntington's will," he said. "She Is going
to take some legal action, but what it is
I do not know. You may not possibly be
aware of the fact that since C..P. Hunt
ington u!ed hi? estate has increased in
value fully 40 per cent." - -
"Do you think that Huntington legally
adopted the Princess?" he was asked.
"He may have, and he may not. That
is the best way I can answer the ques
tion," he replied. "When the Princess
was a mere' infant she was taken by C.
P. Huntington and his wife and raised as
their child. The Princess was a niece of
his former wife. The child was taken
from a large family and taken into their
home, as Huntington had no children.
The Princess was raised and taught to
call Mrs. Huntington mother, and her
real mother she was told to call aunt.
She grew up in the belief that Collis P.
Huntington was her real father, and was
not told the real truth until she was about
18 years old."
friends of the Huntingtons. Year*
ago Mills lived in Sacramento and
there' formed the acquaintanceship of
the late C P. Huntinsrton. The families
were neighbors and the friendship that
was there cemented remained undisturbed
until the death of the great financier.
the interests of the Huntlngtons and as a
preliminary step toward resisting any
possible attack to break the Huntington
will. ;
HATZFELDTS TO CONTEST
THE HUNTINGTON WILL
Continued From First Page.
say with reference to the needs of San
Francisco's harbor: • • * -
. "The visit to California of the Rivers
and Harbors Committee of the House of
Representatives is . bound to be of
material benefit to our peode. So far
as the needs of the Fourth Con
gressional District in the matter of ¦ har
bor improvements are concerned they are
comparatively few. The- blowing up of
Blossom Rock to a depth- of thirty- four
. .... .. . . ¦ . , ¦. .. . . , t ¦• ;¦-. :_ u. .. ¦ : ; i/'--v
San Francisco's Harbor Should Be Cleared of All Obstructions t() 'Navigation.
Oakland, Port Costa, Vallejo " and Stockton in Pressing ; Need—Great
Importance of More Sea Room at Mare Island Is Strongly Set Forth
"Oakland harbor already has the largest
yards for the building of wooden ships
on San Francisco Bay, and these ship
yards are turning out yearly an aggregate
tonnage larger than all other shipyards
on the shores of San Francisco Bay com
bined. The largest sailing vessels ever
built on the shores of San Francisco Bay
have been . launched from Oakland ship
yards. The coal bunkers in Oakland har
bor are among. the largest in the State.
"Along the water front of Oakland be
sides the shipyards are numerous and
large factories.. comprising cotton and jute
mills, foundries, machine, shops, planing
mills, flour mills, sash and door factories,
railroad shops, numerous large lumber
yards and a variety of other Industries.
With the further improvement of the har
bor all these will increase in number and
importance." , . -
"Moreover, during the years since- the
adoption of these plans a great change
has taken place in the size and construc
tion of ships; they are larger and draw
more water, and thus the Improvements
then contemplated are quite Inadequate to
present conditions, to say nothing of 'those
which will soon exist from the tre
mendous increase of Pacific commerce.
Oakland harbor offers possibilities for one
of the best harbors m the world, and I
am confident that to be convinced of this
the committee will need but- to inspect It.
It contains no rocks or any obstruction of
any kind which cannot be readily removed
by ordinary dredging. It is an Ideal har
bor for ship-building, repairing and dry
docks. Its entrance is only six miles from
the open sea. , ••
"The Importance of the improvement of
Oakland harbor, Its widening-, deepening
and extending, • has already been recog
nized by the general Government, and
large sums of money have been appro
priated and expended thereon. As far
back as 1873 a beard of officers was con
stituted to make the examination, survey
and plans for Oakland harbor, In accord
ance with the provisions of an act of
Congress approved March 3, 1873. The
plans prepared were adopted in 1874, and
the work of improvement was placed In
charge of Colonel Mendell. Congress has
continued to make appropriations from
time to time since then aggregating $2,
450,000. It must not be forgotten, how
ever," that since the adoption of plans for
this harbor improvement, twenty-seven
years ago, the commerce of Oakland has
grown to a magnitude which could not at
that time, have been imagined by the
most sanguine. In 1874 the freight ton
nage amounted to 154,300 tons; in 1900 it
amounted to 3,263,212 tons, a twenty-fold
increase.
Harbor of Oakland.
"I would also call attention to the great
benefit to b« derived from deepening the
channel between Antloch and the Straits
of Carquinez. This improvement would
not cost to exceed $25,000 and would en
able deep water vessels to land at Antioch
and open up to deep water commerce an
immensely productive and fertile region
of country.
By dredging the channel at Pinole
Point and removing Commission
Bock from the Mare Island Channel;
the largest battleship could be taken
to the yard for repairs r^and this 'would
result in hundreds of thousands of
dollars being paidV.but. annually in
this State by the Government for ad
ditional labor and material. At the
present time all' the battleships are
taken to the Bremerton Station at
Puget Sound to be docked and re
paired, but with the improvements
above referred to they could, and
would, be all repaired at Mare
Island Navy Yard.
Herbert .W. Bowen, who becomes the
new Minister to Venezuela, has a most
creditable -¦¦ record in the consular and
diplomatic service. He became United
States Consul at Barcelona in 1890, and
his office at that post was raised to the
rank of Consul General five years af
terward. Mr. Bowen stuck to his post
through the exciting days preceding the
Spanish-American war as long as any
American could have found safety on
Spanish soil. At the conclusion of the
war he was about to return to his old
post, but instead was appointed Minister
Resident and Consul General to Persia.
O •H-I-M-l"I"XvI"M"I ¦!¦ l-l-l-I-I-l-I-:-!-:- Q
* ;,•-.-- > .
quinez. Aside from the large com
mercial interests located on tha
Straits of Carquinez and at Vails jo
is the naval station at Mare Island.
From 160O to 180O skilled mechan
ics and laborers are employed at v this
yard, and if the battleships and first
class cruisers were taken to this yard
for repairs it "would result in the em
ployment of from 500 to 1OOO addi
tional men. .
Lloyd F., Griscom of Pennsylvania, pres^
ent first secretary of legation at Constan
tinople, has . been, made Minister to Persia.
Spencer F. Eddy of Illinois, present sec
ond secretary at Paris,- has been made
first secretary at Constantinople, to suc
ceed Mr. Griscom. ' .
Arthur Bailey Blanchard of Louisiana
has been promoted from third to" second
secretary at Par,fs. ¦*
The change, so far as It concerns the i
Venezuelan Ministry, it is said at the State
Department to have no particular sig
nificance. , Mr- Loomis goes elsewhere
than Caracas at his own request and de
sire. It is true that the Venezuelan Qov
ernment has expressed dissatisfaction
with Mr. Loomis in more ways than one,
but the fact that the Minister is not re
moved from the diplomatic service, but is
given another post of equal dignity and
honor, is a mark of the esteem of the State
Department. -It may be noted also that
Mr. Bowen. the new Minister to Caracas,
poes to his post with instructions on the
same line as those supplied to Mr. Loom
is, which formed the basis qf his action,
so that Mr. Bowen, who is a man of great
vigor, is likely to follow' Mr. Loomis 1
footsteps in the matter of policy. .
By his transfer from Venezuela to Port
ugal Minister Loomis will lose $2500 a
year. He is now on leave in England.
His actual. rank will be the" same; namely.
Minister Extraordinary and Envoy Pleni
potentiary.
Herbert W. Bowen of New York, pres
ent Minister to Persia, has been trans
forred to Caracas, succeeding Mr. Loomis
as Minister to "Venezuela." ' s ' ¦"' ~' ~Z ""
Francis B. Loomis, Minister to Venezu
ela, has been transferred to be Minister
to Portugal, vice' John N. ; Irwln of Iowa,
resigned.
¦WASHINGTON, June 17.— The following
changes In diplomatic posts were an
nounced to-day: ' • /
Change Is Said to Be Made
Solely to Meet His Own
Wishes. , ' * ¦ .
Minister Is Transferred
From Venezuela to
Portugal.
LOOMIS GOES
TO NEW POST
CALIFORNIA CONGRESSMEN TELL
HOW WATERWAYS MAY BE IMPROVED
THE SA^ FK A^GI^CIX CAL L, -1 U JKSJJA "i , d u'S % i », lvvi.
vrhich it is now rapidly doing. I1
behooves every Calif ornian, irrespec
tive of party or prejudice, -to not*
make a strong and concerted pull t,c
secure deep .water for Mare Island
r.nd - f or . sufficient sea room. I wisl
that it could he impressed upon th-:
visiting committee that the channel
Continued From Page One.
During the year 1900 there ar
rived at the port of San Francisoc
f.»57 vessels and 942 departed, not in
cluding vessels to and from domestic
coast ports. The combined sail ton
nage was 1,077,385 and the combined
steam tonnage was 1,818,883. Total
cf merchandise exports from San Fran
cisco bysea in 190O was $41,919,679,
foreign and domestic, an increase of
$2,886,969 over the preceding year.
The exports of treasure by sea were
515,151,178, as compared with $10.
060,231 in 189S. The total mint
coinage in San Francisco in 1900 was
$57,446,634; the internal revenuo
collections $4,019,086; the customs
receipts $7,693,342; the clearances of
the San Francisco Clearing-Eouse
§1,029,582,595. In the list of new
vessels built on the Pacific Coast in
19OO and documented at San Fran
cisco -were 51, with a gross tonnage
of 29,221. Depositors had in the
banks of the State of California
$258,928,138. The production of
lead, copper, silver and gold west of
the Missouri Kiver and including
the Yukon region and British Colum
bia was $229,315,427.
2
ADVERTISEMENTS.
World Famous Marian! Tonic
A MILD STIMULANT
that produces beneficial effects —
during the past thirty-eight years.
All Druggists. Refuse Substitutes.
HAPPY .WOMAN,
by Peruna. General Health
Also Improved.
ONCE MORE_!
Completely Cured of Catarrh
Miss Ida Murray writes from 2337 Polk
street. Minneapolis, Minn., as follows:
"I had chronic catarrh of the head,
which made the slightest cold so much
worse. I am completely cured of my
catarrh after four months' faithful use of
Peruna, and my general health is greatly
Improved. I always speak a ' good word
for Peruna."— Ida Murray.
HJiss Anna Bryan, a favorite cousin
of William Jannings Bryan. \v rites
from 1459 Fiord 2 avznue, Washing-
ion, D. C:
"At the solicitation of 'a' friend I
began some weeks ago to iake your
Peruna, and I new fael like a new
person.. I tcka pleasure in rzcom-
mending it io all who want a good
tonic,, and a permanent cure ior
catarrh."— Anna Bryan.
Catarrh Generally The u?ht to Be a
Disease of th 3 Head Only.
"Wherever there Is a mucous mem-
brane there catarrh may exist.
The only reason that catarrh is more
frequent In the passages of the nose and
throat is because these passages are more
exposed to cold than the other portions of
the mucous membrane. But one is liable
to have catarrh of the lungs, or kidneys,
or stomach, or liver, or bowels, and espe-
cially the bladder and other pelvic organs.
Peruna is a ?peclfic in cases of female
weakness or pelvic catarrh and is heart-
ily Indorsed by all the women. .
If you do not derive prompt and satis-
factory results from the use of Peruna,
write at once to Dr. Hartman. giving a
full statement cf your ca^e. and he will
be pleased to give you hfs valuable advice
Address Dr. Hartman. President of Tha
Hartman Sanitarium/ Columbus. Ohio.
ADVERTISEMENTS, j
Msj Ida Murray.
j/&^Q& CANDY CATHARTIC * ***
Genuine stamped CCC Never sold In hoSt.
Beware of the dealer who trla to ssii
something "Just as good.
WUSm
Old Virginia \
CHEROOTS
(Regular 3 for 5c)
For on e
day only
To-day
June 1 8th
We will give the
purchaser of any
article in the store
V^ xS X_*
OLD
VIRGINIA
CHEROOT
FREE.
red'front
A. J. Prater & Sons
\5U57-859 Market Sill
I le!| You
Sir 1
California
Chutney Sauce
k° beate the world foK
Came sfeaRs chops \
. --etc- '¦
is^&as+AII&rocecDENVER, June 17.— Judge P. L. Pal
mer of the District Court to-day cited
Rev. W. H. Talmadge, State superintend
ent of the Anti-Saloon League; Rev. M.
A. Rader, pastor of Grace Methodist Epis
copal Church, and W. D. Winkoop, secre
tary of the local Christian Endeavor So
ciety, to appear in his court to-morrow to
answer to the charge of contempt in cer
tain statements made In Denver pulpits
and "elsewhere regarding the court's ac
tion In cases involving the right of saloon
keepers to sell: liquor to women and of
restaurants to serve liquor on Sunday. '
Ministers Cited for Contempt^
PENDLETON, Or., June 17.— A report
has come to Pendleton that Black Horn,
one of the two.Umatilla Indians who at
tempted to shoot Chief of the Indian Po
lice Brisbow Saturday night on the res
ervation while he was taking them into
custody, has been shot by the pursuing
Tty i- x? he re » ort is to the- effect that
.Black Horn was found on the Umatilla
reservation east of here in the foothills
and that in the mele.e Black Horn resisted
and was shot. U is impossible to confirm
the report to-night.
It is believed that John Something, his
companion, is^ not far away from Black
Horn. Captain Sumpkin, known as the
bravest Indian on the reservation, is in
charge of the posse that has gone after
the recreants. ,- ¦
tilla Reservation.
Report Reaches Pendleton That Black
Horn Was Wounded on Uma-
DESPERATE INDIAiN
SHOT BY PURSUERS
The theory of murder is further cor
roborated by the fact 'that three young
TACOMA, June 17.— One of the most
atrocious murders ever committed in this
State is reported to-night from North
Yakima. This morning the body of
Charles J. Kampeter, a. popular young
man of North Yakima, aged 22 years,
was found on the Northern Pacific track
a mile north of town. Both legs were
cut off and the body, was badly mangled,
i The North Coast limited passenger
train had passed through three nours be
fore, causing the supposition that Kam
peter had in some manner been struck by
the train and killed. Closer investiga
tion by the authorities and relatives
proved beyond doubt that he was mur
dered by desperadoes, of whom several
have been operating in and around North
Yakima for several days. It was found
that Kampeter's watch and money had
been taken. His hat wa3 found by the
Eide of the water-tank, a mile away from
where the body was run over. There were
three indentations in the hat and his
head bore three plain marks of the use
of a club.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
men of North Yakima had an encounter
with bandits near the lumber yards of
the St. Paul and Tacoma Lumber Com
pany about 9 o'clock last night. Though
commanded to surrender and be relieved
of their valuables they succeeded In
breaking away and went ui> town. An
hour later they started home and were
again met by the footpads. This time
they secured reinforcements and were
then permitted to return unmolested.
Kampeter left town for hia home soon
after this occurred. His course took him
in the same direction, and no doubt exists
that he was killed while giving resistance
to the footpads who robbed him. His
body was then carried down the railroad
track and deposited where the early
morning passenger train would run over
Xorth Yakima is greatly aroused over
the murder and is forming a vigilance
committee to rid the town of all sus
picious characters. Bloodhounds are on
the trail of Kampeter's murderers. The
murdered man is a son of Henry Kam
peter, a well-known gardener. He had
considerable money In his possession and
had Intended leaving to-day for a trip to
Tacoma. -
Mrs. Lulu Hopper of Santa Rosa Asks
WIFE OF A CAPITALIST
SITES HIM . FOR DIVORCtE
for Alimony, Expenses and
Counsel Fees.
SANTA ROSA, June 17.— Mrs. -Lulu
Hopper, wife "of Thomas Hopper,
a well known capitalist, to-day
began suit for divorce. She asks $600 a
month alimony, $500 for expenses and $3000
counsel fees. In addition the petitioner
seeks to have set aside certain convey
ances of real property made by Thomas
Hopper to his children and grandchildren,
alleging that the conveyances were made
to defraud her of her share in the estate
and possible alimony. ,
Mrs Hopper and her husband separated
several months ago. The plaintiff is now
residing. in Los Angeles.
THIRTY MEN
LOSE LIVES
IN WRECK
Schooner Is Reported to
Have Met With
JL-'i.od.o uul .
Caxmers Find No Trace of tha
Missing Vessel White
Wings.
' ;^«.
Large Fishing Boat Braves a Gala
and Then Disappears Off Van
couver's Coast.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
TACOMA, Wash., June 17. — The fishing
schooner White Wings la reported to
have been wrecked between, the north end
of Vancouver Island and the south end of
Moresby Island. Thirty lives were lost,
according to the report.
Four days ago the schooner was three
weeks overdue at Petersburg, in Wrangel
Narrows, where she has been, employed
catching halibut by the Icy Strait Pack
ing Company, which owns her. The White
Wings left Seattle last month for Peters
burg with a crew of sixteen men. She
Is reported to have had aboard fourteen
other men engaged to work in a cannery
at Petersburg:.
Henry Smith, who arrived to-day from
Wrangel Narrows, reported that the»
White Wings had not arrived there last
Thursday. The officials of the canning
company felt sure that she had been to- *
tally lost, unless Smith could obtain tid
ings of her on Puget Sound. This he has
failed to do. The White Wings was of
only forty tons register and not built for
rough weather. Nevertheless, to save
time Captain Johnson intended sailing her
up the outside passage, where she would
be exposed to the severest west wind3
which prevailed In May.
Some people's idea of knowledge Is the
art of finding out things which they have
no business to know.
The Crystal Hot Sea Baths.
j Tubs and swimming. Best tonic for nervous
and bodily exhaustion. Bay st., near Powell. •
Canadian Trackmen Strike.
MONTREAL, June 17.— Between 3000 and
3500 of the Canadian Pacific Railroad
Company's trackmen struck to-day, for an
increase of wages. ,
Debs Settles a Strike.
TERRE HAUTE,, Ind., June 17.— The lo
cal machinists' strike was settled this
afternoon through the efforts. of Eugene
V. Debs. . The men get ten hours' pay for
nine hours' work. On other points conces
sions were made by the men.
Strikers' Demands- Are Met.
CHICAGO, June 17.— Settlements with
striking machinists were effected to-day
at five plants of local manufacturers,
making a total of over seventy Chicago
plants in which the strikers have won the
fight begun through the general strike of
three weeks ago.
Newport News Company Lays Off
Many of Its Men.
NEWPORT NEWS, ' Va., June 17.—
Twelve hundred men from the various de
partments were laid off at the plant of
the Newport News Shipbuilding and Dry
dock Company to-day, and as many more
will be laid off -to-morrow if the striking
machinists do not return to work. The
management will retain only enough men
to handle repair work, notably on the
North German I^loyd liner Maine, which
is being rebuilt. The departments chiefly
affected to-day are those of the boiler
makers, blacksmiths, carpenters and join
ers and shipfltters.
HUNBKEDS LOSE POSITIONS.
SEATTLE, June 17.— Moran Brothers' ]
shipyard, foundry and lumber mill plant <
In this city Is destined to be the storm,
center of the machinists' strike, which ]
has paralyzed certain Industries from one ,
end of the coast to the other for several
weeks. ,
Armed guards are on duty at the big
plant and work was resumed to-day with
non-union men on the steamship Garonne.
When the strikers discovered the pres
ence of men with rifles inside the big
gates the word was immediately passed
along the line. Whatever may be the .
plans of the strikers." to meet the new :
condition of affairs they asserted at their .
headquarters. this afternoon that no vio
lence was intended. ¦ • ]
Matters were more complicated, at 3:15 '
o'clock this afternoon by a mysterious \
tire, discovered in a pile of garbage on ¦
the wnarf at Moran's. The nre depart- :
ment made a quick run and extinguished '¦
tae biaze before it had done damage of ]
consequence. This incident has fanned '¦
gossip, and, despite the fact that no
statements have Deen given out to lay ,
ti.e blame of the nre in any particular
direction, considerable feeling has been ¦
aroused. ,
Non-Union Men at Work.
Up to this time the differences of opin
ion between the striking machinists and
the company has been argued in a peace
able manner. It appears, however, that
the Morans have secured non-union men
from Portland and San Francisco to take
the places of the strikers. They started
up 10-day with fully seventy-rive car
penters and sixty machinists. William
Moran of the company to-day stated that
more non-union mechanics would" be put I
to work every day trom now on and tnat
in a short time it was expected that the
big plant would be running as usual. The
non-union mechanics are working ten
hours a day at the old scale of wages,
which averages ?3 50 a day for workmen
in the metal-working line.
At the company's offices it was stated
that applications for employment from
non-union machinists are being received
dally and that there would be no diffi
culty in obtaining a complete working
force in time. The non-union men come
from San Francisco, 1'ortland and from
various points in the East. So quietly
were the oreparations for the resumption
of work conducted that very few people
knew to-day that a non-union crew had
been put to work. No statement could be
obtained regarding the attitude of the
strikers' committee save that the com
mittee would not attempt to interfere
with the men.
Work in the machine, bollermaklng and
molding departments of every large metal
working plant in the city has been sus
pended plnce May 20, the date when the
last of the union mechanics in the metal
•trades went out." About * 1200 men quit
their benches in this city.
v Plant Strongly Guarded.
None of the members of the Metal
Workers' Association will say how many
men have been secured"to take the places
made vacant by the strikers. It is
known, however, that a considerable
number of men have signed to go to work
for the Morans, and it is said that other
local concerns are following their ex
emple. While tho statement is made that
every effort will be put forth to prevent
trouble, yet the fact that the Moran Com
'pany is preparing, with the aid of armed
"men, to protect its employes and the
plant is held to be evidence that the of
ficers of the company* have reasons to
fear interference if not actual evidence
from the striking v/orkmen.
There are about twenty guards on duty
at the Moran plant at present, but the
services of a score or more men have
been secured and they are ready, it is
stated, to go to work at the first intima
tion of danger. E. A. Gardner, a well
known detective, is in charge of the
guards. His men are experienced, and he
says will be prepared for all emergencies.
The Morans to-day resumed work on
the Garonne, formerly an army transport,
which has been tied up for some weeks
because of the machinists' strike. Will
iam Moran said that the ship would be
readv for commission July 1. The gates
at the big plant are closed and closely
gOarded. It is as difficult to gain en
trance as it is to a fort in time of war.
The Morans' action leaves no room for
doubt that the big fight that will settle
the fate of the strike, which is being felt
all over the Pacific Coast, has at last
found its center. To-night everything is
quiet and no demand has been made 'on
the police or the Sheriff for action.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
on a Former Transport.
Ominous Scenes at the
Moran Works in
Seattle.
— . * ¦
Mysterious Fire in a Garbage
Heap Causes Great
Alarm. ,
Proprietors Employ Non-Union La
borers and Proceed With Work '
RIFLE SQUAD
ON GUARD IN
A SHIPYARD
Young Man in North Yakima Is Brutally
Murdered by Desperadoes-— Bloodhounds
Are Now on the Trail of the Fugitives
BANDITS THROW BODY
BENEATH THE TRAIN
¦ The Santa Fe Is now carrying, passen
gers via new stage line from Merced.
Starting Mondays and Thursdays, 9 a. m.,
on California limited, other days 7:20
a. ik. train, and you are at the Sentinel Ho
tel next afternoon, passing Merced Big
Trees, Buena Vista, the Cascades and
Bridal Veil Falls en route-
Ask about it at «1 Market street." '¦¦]•'¦'¦
Tosemite Valley via Santa Te.
Postage to Be Reduced , to One Cent.
The President who succeeds in Retting this
meabure through Congress . will hold a: high
place In the esteem of the people, but no higher
perhaps, than the esteem in which everybody
holds Hostetter's Stomach Bitters. '- This medi
cine gets at. the. starting point of disease ¦ by
acting. on the stomach, helping that organ in
Its duty of digesting food. It cures dyspepsia,
Indigestion, constipation, stimulates . the kid
neys, and strengthens the nerves." Be sure to
try it. • * • ' * ¦¦'¦>: •
TOLEDO. Ohio, June 17.— Edward Za
herty and Ed M. Miller, wheelmen of this
city, left to-day for Chicago, where they
will leave next Friday on their wheels for
San Francisco and Will attempt to break
the record, which was established some
time ago by Norman Devereaux. They
expect to ride twelve hours each day.
Chicago to This City.
Ohio Bicyclists Intend Riding From
NEW • YORK, Juno 17.-Thomas G.
Barker was placed on trial in the Hud
son County court, Jersey City, to-day be
fore Judge Blair, charged with assault
with intent to kill. On February 3 last
Barker shot Rev. John Keller of Arling
ton. N. J., Vicar of Trinity Chapel of that
place, while he was on his way to Fort
Lee to assist at the ordination of a min
ister. Barker stepped out .from the
shadow • of a hedge and fired at Keller
with a revolver. According to Barker's
story, Mrs. Barker told him shortly be
fore the shooting that about eighteen
months previously Mr. Kellfer called on
her while she was alone in the house and
insulted her. 4 / .
WILL WHEEL ACROSS COUNTRY.
for Shooting at a Clergy
man.
Reason Assigned by a New Yorker
RESENTS AN INSULT
WITH A REVOLVER
To-day and until guard mount to-mor
row, the field officer of the day is Lieu
tenant Colonel Hayes of the Fifth-Infan
try. First Lieutenant Stewart, Seventh
Infantry, is commander of the guard, and
Second Lieutenant Blum, Seventh lnfan-*
try, is officer of the guard.
Some one got wrong on the time this
morning, and instead of reveille being
sounded at G, it rang out from one camp
at 5 and the band tumbled out of bed and
sleepily played the "Star-Spangled Ban
ner," only to be compelled to repeat it
an hour later. ;
under command of Lieutenant Colonel
i-vans. division signal officer.
About noon, after the brigades had come
In from drill, the fire call rang
shrilly from the bugler of the Second
Brigade, and it was taken up all over the
camp with a vim that showed the buglers
were waiting for a chance to .practice A
grass fire had started in a heap of litter
in the rear of the tent of the Fifth Regi
ment,, and In a minute the whole camp
was rushing to the spot. There was no
damage done and the fire was soon
stamped out by the scores of volunteers
who plied sacks and branches with an
unaccustomed exertion.
SCENES AT THE CAMP OF NA
TIONAL GUARDSMEN AT
SANTA CRUZ. *
FAN JOSE, June 17^-The Congressional
Committee on Rivers and Harbors which
Is on a tour of inspection cf the coast ar
rived here at 3:30 p. m. The members
were m«t by a committee of citizens con
eisting of W. G. Hawley. Major Coulter,
C. M. booster, J. R. Lewis, A. T Herr
mann, E. W. Clayton. Alfred Holman.
O. A. Hale, J. O. Hayes. IN . P. Lyon and
E A. Hayes, and went to Alviso by the
narrow gauge. Here the Congressmen
were taken on yachts and towed by a
naphtha launch down Alviso harbor. The
ladies of the party did not make the trip,
but were escorted to the Hotel Vendome.
The members of the commission were
Bhown the needs of the place, and seemed
greatly interested. At the hotel this even
ing they were banqueted by the Improve
ment Club. To-morrow morning at 9
o'clock the party will be taken for a drive
through the orchards and surrounding
country. They will leave in their special
train for San Francisco at 1:20 to-morrow
afternoon, making short stops at Palo
Alto and Redwood City.
BANTA CRUZ. June 17.— The Rivers
and Harbors Committee arrived here this
morning on a special train from Del
Monte. They were met at the depot by
noon on Special Train for
This City.
CONGRESSIONAL COMMITTEE
INSPECTS ALVISO HABBOE
The Party Will Leave This After-
It was not General Muller'a* desire to
move rapidly, particularly as the after
noon was very hot. so after he had gone
a mile and a half or more he halted. Then
he proceeded for another mile and a half
and so by easy stages until he came Into
rz.mr> for the night near his destination.
In the mountains the signal men had ltdd
their wires to the head of a moving col
umn and messages by telegraph began to
Fupplement the messages by the helio
graph. Then as the sun sank lower, the
heliograph became useless, and the signal
men took to flags. As darkness settled
over the hills the night signal lamps were
lit and still the messages flashed back
snd forth. About dusk the column got
fo far from camp that the wire would
reach no further, so a telegraph station
was established at the end of it. ready
Colonel Evans, division signal officer.
established a hemp station on a water
tank near the rruardhouse, the most
prominent point in camp, and there he
ar.d a squad cf his officers- and men
watched for r,e\vs at the marching column.
Suddenly from a hillsicle came a flash of
light striking across the country to the
tank. It v.as the first communication es
tablished between the column and the
ramp. Immediately an answrring flash
was se.it back from the nome station, an-.l
iher. the spark on the hill commenced to
furnish its news of the cngade. The cr-m
rr.an'2 had struck across country, making
very good time ar.d without inconveni
ence to the men.
Signals Frcni the Colusin.
he would go by that route, but as soon
as he had reached the foot of the hill he
turned aside and took to the trail and
crossroads- Flanking parties were thrown
r>ut on tach aide of the column. An ad
vance guard and a rear guard were
formed, the cavalry were thrown out by
ihp front srrl flar.k and the signal corps
follcwed with its wires and signaling ap
paratus as fact as me column moved.
he Big Trees, and every one supposed
' SAN RAFAEL, June 17.— This morning
Superior Judge Angellotti sentenced W.
F. Warburton to thirty yeafs' imprison
ment in San Quentln prison. Warburton
was found guilty by a jury of murder in
the second degree for the shooting of
Matthew ReiUy at Billy Shannon's resort
in this city last January. Attorneys Len
non and Hawkins to-day moved for a new
trial upon technical grounds, and \Jater
when this was denied "made a plea for
clemency for the defendant. In passing
sentence Judge Angellotti reviewed the
testimony given at the trial and stated
that he considered the verdict a just one.
Thirty Years for Warburton.
After viewing the harbor the commit
tee were driven to the Big Trees by W.
H. Bias, M. Besse and J. F. Coope.
the following reception committee: D. C.
Clark, president of the Board of Trade;
Mayor Parker, W. T. Jeter, F. A. Hlhn,
F. W. Billing. 0. J. Lincoln, Postmaster;
H. F. Kron. E. TTrGarrett, A. A. Taylor
and D. McPherson.
This* morning the First and Second
Brigades were out over the hills for bat
talion drill. There was three hours of it
in open order, line formation and then
marchings. The drill was from 8 o'clock
to 11. and no time was lost. The four
troops of cavalry went down to the beach,
drilling there and on the way back and
forth, while the signal corps spent the
morning coiling wire and arranging equip
ape for the detail that marched away
with the Third Brigade.
The signal corps has done an immense
amount of work in the camp since it
opened. In every brigade headquarters
and in the division headquarters tele
phones have been put up, and the sys
tem is being constantly extended. The
combined corps of the three brigades are
EKgades on the Hills.
to take any messages that might be sent
back by flags or lamps or otherwise.
To-morrow morning the brigade will re
turn and its first duty will be to make
a full report of the march, including a
map of the country passed through, and a
detailed description of it. To-morrow,
also, the First Brigade will make a simi
lar march under similar circumstances
and under similar orders. They will take
Batteries A and D of the Artillery Batta
lion with the Naval Militia guns in addi
tion to the cavalry and signal corps.
The cavalry escort for the First Brigade
will be Troops A and D. Batteries A. and
D were detailed to accompany the Third
Brigade to-day, but the Naval Militia
guns had not been delivered by the rail
road and so the order was countermand
ed. The guns of the Naval Militia were
loaded, on the' cars at the Arctic Oil
Works wharf in San Francisco, where the
Naval Militia ship Marion lies, last Fri
day, and since then the car has remained
there. It was only after General Dickin
son demanded that the grins be delivered
at once lhat the car was looked for and
found. Tt was still at the oil wharf. The
guns will be in to-morrow.
. • . - •-¦-¦..;¦ ¦ - ¦- - ¦ ¦ --¦-¦,-. . ¦ ¦ - ¦ * - . ¦ - ¦>-¦..-
THE SAN FJRANCISCO^CALL, TUESDAY, JUKE 18, 1901.
Guardsmen of the Third Brigade Begin the Severe Programme of
Military Service at the Santa Cruz Camp by Expedition Over
Hill and Down Dale to the Redwoods, Eight Miles Away
STATE REGIMENTS MARCH AFIELD
WITH PARAPHERNALIA OF WARTIME
CAMP GAGE. SANTA CRUZ. Jyne
1"-— This afternoon at 2 o'clock the
Third Brigade, under command of
Brigadier General Muller, marched
out of camp ami went up the road
to the redwoods, where they vrill spend the
nig-ht. The brigade was put in the field
with one day's cooked rations and in
heavy marching order.
Before starting the regiments formed a
brigade line on the parade ground and
were inspected. Accompanying the brig
ade are two troops of cavalry, B and C,
under command of Captain II. J. Burke,
and a detail of eighteen men and two of
ficers from the signal corps. The signal
officers are Major Douglass and Lieuten
ant Martin of the Third Erigade. There
are ambulances and stretcher squads, and
all the regimental surgeons, under com
mand of Major Russell, chief surgeon of
the Sixth Regiment.
The orders for the brigade were to m-ike
camp at the Big Trees, about eight miles v
from town, the way there, the character »
and site of the camp and the protection
of -he command to be left entirely to the
brigade commander.
General Muller started from -camp by
the road to town. A fine road leads to
3
Business U quiet — no question WMlmSi lA 5*11 I 'R'JlNHin
about it. People are out of the city W MwWy- /¦ Efil il > II W 5
on vacations, and then again there is *mWMiiP ! ' ltW'lW^' : i^§^& i
- a general business depression. We MlPlffl W ifeli i'1 ' • • I jTfF i
frankly admit that we are far from I mMIW fellil ' MM I iM !
busy — as busy as we. wish to b?. ' [r:i|/f|ffll [1 i|n|! JIlJ !j
To liven thing; up and keep our [ W l||||7 ¦ ilSOsii
; force busy, we have made some f m iwM . HiSH iSrl >
| rather large reductions on suits, over- I (Jar ||ffl W|1]J ||| \
; coats and trousers. We like to keep I W jl||j mwi •t'oH '
the store well filled, although we vm hMtt }™| |||J |!
must mark prices down considerably. Jf lIM -^^ 1P| IjjH
In each instance below noted we I || liM 215591^^==^ IB Illj j
have actually reduced the prices a; o^^«^^^^^ ~*1fM JIM
stated. Examine the goods — the =sg^siS
Suits Overcoats Trousers
Single breasted, round corner 1 -It is pretty warm weather to Worsted trousers in swell I
and double breasted sack suits, *b e talking about overcoats, patterns of checks and stripes,
comprising cheviots and blue but VQU wou , d be interested g union made, as is all the clath-
serges m fair and summer • ' couM g£ $ or so hy ing here mentioned, sizes from
- weights, the cheviots also in . uu U1 * l uy 30 to 44 waist and up to
light patterns; sizes from 34 buying now; besides they are length . gQod tfousers £ f j
to 46, and some extra sizes for top coats— good for even- wear with a coat and vest of I
short stout people; former ing wear; coverts in. tan, darker material ; pants former- |
prices $8.50, $10.00 and brown and olive, formerly ly sold for $3.00, but for rea-
$12.50; each suit now reduced sold for $10.00; now marked sons above stated price is re-
to down to duced to
1 $6.65 $6.65 $1.85
I Money for Mothers
' ' <£$$$&& e k°^ S ' st " ts we P urcna sed from E. J. Adler & Co. have been selling I
I j 'JssiSl^ * ast> k ut we expect to have enough left to last this week. The assortment is I
i - tsP^^^i^ necessarily growing smaller each day. The sooner you buy the better you
¦ will .be -pleased. The. suits are divided into three lots according to their i
f^lP^JlwMi Lot No- T contriins Lot a 2" comprises Lot Xo. 3 represents |
I* JSPslljp^ 1 st " ts wortn §4-0O and suits worth $5.50 and suits worth $7.00 and
\^>^33s***** $5-°° which will be sold $6.50, which will go $8.50, which are marked !
1 I^mLsf/ for k L f ° r to sell at
¦ / MXDf 3>»-95 $2.95 s $3.95
/m**^? 3^^^ - If you are not satisfied with the suit — satisfied that the value is all we '
'/(I' vT i 4 c^ m it t0 ke — return it and get your money back. Exchanges cheerfully
\ tmr m-^ Below are two lines of suits selected from our stock to meet the needs
YM«r ° f mOthC1 " S Wishhlg t0 Pay 1CSS "
I'mH^^Sj/ Vestee suits in striped worsteds. Sailor suite in flannels and chev- '
; WlMl being swell patterns that are neat and iots, in neat patterns of stripes and i
W \W{ , • , , plaids, ages 4 to 12 years, value l|
I : SI WL dressy> exce P tlonal value at "• • . $2.50, special at.
$Ms&^- vHI.33. $1. 35 ;
y§}/. Also bargains in boys' furnishing goods.
Box o? fireworks free with every boy's suit up to July 4th» • j
A glance at our win- /-\ - % A I &\ f% W^b. C^ ' /Vv Out-of-town orders |
dows will alv/ays %mfk • I%1 • W I BfliH O XtS Hii fl»ed. Wrlta us for j
%% - %?&*%$) | \J * anything in cloth- I
' Clothes* hatter fur- _ 1O „ -:, ¦-; - ln *- finishings °r
nishings. > J 18 Market Street. hats. I
ffB ~ — ~~ — ™Sun rises........:. 4-47
Sun sets ; 7-34
Moon sets..: 9 : i3 p* m.
TO SAIL.
FROM SEATTLE.
Cleveland -"..- 8 11 ¦ 5
Philadelphia 12 14 8
Batteries— Hotter and Yeager; Platt and
Powers.
Batteries— McGlnnity and Robinson; Reid and
Maloney.
PHILADELPHIA. June 17.— The score:
Clubs— • R. H. E.
Batteries— Young and Schreck; Patterson and
Sullivan
BALTIMORE, June 17.— Th« score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Baltimore — « 13 3
Milwaukee ~ 7 13 6
Batteries— Mitchell and Schreck; • Patterson
and Sugden.
Boston won again in the afternoon by bunch-
Ing hits with opponents' errors. Chicago could
do nothing with Toung after the fifth. Attend
ance 10.210. Score:
Clubs — R- H. E.
Boston .^......10 15 5
Chicago ~ 4 8 4
Boston —.? 11 11
Chicago 1 , 5
Batteries— Newton and PeiU; Sudhoff and
Nichols. Umpire— O*Day.
BOSTON, June 17.— The Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Boston — 9 14 5
Philadelphia 8 13 4
Batteries— Plttlnger, Nichols and Moran; Klt
tredge. White and McFarland. Umpire— Nash.
AMERICAN LEAGUE.
Clubs— "W. L. Pet. Clubs— W. L. Pet.
Chicago 29 17 .630 Philadelphia.20 22 .476
Detroit 26 19 .578 Baltimore ...17 20 .439
Boston 23 17 .575 Milwaukee ..16 27 .372
Washington.. 19 17 .528 Cleveland -.15 !6 .368
"WASHINGTON', June 17. — Detroit to-day won
the first game of the series by superior batting
and Miller's good work. Attendance 3367. The
score:
Clubs — R> H. E.
•Washington. .. .^.*. ¦ .'.'.¦¦ ¦"¦ .'¦ ¦'¦¦'. ¦ . .. 9 14
Detroit - 9 13 3
Batteries— Lee and Clark; Miller and Buelow.
BOSTON, June 17.— Boston had no trouble in
taking the morning game, batting Patterson
hard when men- were on bases. Sugden's catch-
Ing was a feautre. Attendance 5071. Score:
Clubs— K. H. E.
NATIONAL LEAGUE.
Clubs— "W. L. Pet. Clubs— W. L. Pet.
rittstmrg ...27 18 .600 Cincinnati ..SO 21 .488
New York.. .21 16 .668 Brooklyn ....20 22 .476
St. Louis 24 20 -64> Boston 17 20 .439
Philadelphia.22 21 .512 Chicago 17 29 .370
CINCINNATI. June 17.— The Clncmnatls gave
a miserable exhibition "to-day and lost their
seventh consecutive game. Newton could not
pitch, and his team mates could neither field
nor bat. Attendance 1500. Score:
Clubs— H. H. E.
Cincinnati _— ~~ — ¦ ?..— . .... 1 4 t
St. Louis -..- U » 2
OH" EASTERN DIAMONDS.
NEW YORK, June 17.— The Rancho del
Paso sale" was continued to-day in the
Faslg-Tipton Company sale at Sheepshead
Bay. Previous to the races R. R. Ri ce
paid the top price of $10,000 for a chestnut
colt by Golden Garter-Memento.
Pays Fancy Price for a Colt.
CINCINNATI. June 17.— Newport summary:
Six ! furlongs, selling — Zolo won, Klrkwood
second, Exmoor third. Time, .1:17&
Five furlongs— Dr. Worth won, Couslne sec
ond. Cubanlte third. Time. 1:03%.
Seven furlongs, selling — John . McElroy won,
Nekarnis second, Teucer third. -Time, 1:29.
One mile, selling — Edna Gerry won, Fuclna
second, Birdie May third. Time, 1:43.
Six and a half furlongs, selling— Minnie B
won, Rosymorn second, The Bronze Demon
third. 'Time,"' 1:23. . • • •
One mile, selling: — Eleven Bells won, Laura
S second. Pine Chip third. Time, 1:43.
CHICAGO. June 17.— Harlem summary: I
Four and a half furlongs, selling— Nellie
Waddell won, The Rival second, . Best Man
third. Time. :54. • -, " -
One mile and three-sixteenths, selling— Moses
won. Whitfleld second, Plead third. Time,
2:02 3-6.- ¦'..'- - -ViV - ;>, .' ,
Steeplechase, short course— Jingle ¦ Bell - won.
The Grass, selling, one mile and a sixteenth—
Nons won. The Amazon second, Golando third.
Time, 1:47%. .
NEW YORK, June 17.— Sheepshead Bay sum
mary: ' ;
Six furlongs— The Musketeer won, Malster
second, All Green third. Time, 1:13.
The Rosebuds, five furlongs — Leonora Loring
won, Lodice second. Grail third. Time, 1:00 1-5.
One mile and an eighth, selling— Seminole
won, Bombshell second, Gladerun third. Time,
1:54 1-5.
One ¦ mile — Outlander won, Water Color sec
ond. The Puritan third. Time, 1:39 1-5.
Five and a . half furlongs — Smart Set won,
Sweet Clover second, | Gay Boy I third. Time,
1:05. - - . ¦ . v
Coronatus second, Vintlng third. Time, 3:30 3-5.
One mile and a sixteenth— Advance Guard
won, Bangle second, Vulcaln third. Time, 1:47.
Five furlongs— Elsie L won, Dodle S second.
Almanzo third. Time, 1:00 4-6. ¦
One mile and a hundred yards — Paricywood
W0 I\ The Lady second. Anthracite third. Time,
1:46 4-5.
One mile— Winter won, El Caney second Dajr
mar third. Time, 1:43.
p^ENVER, June n.— Results, at Overland
2:14 pace— Shecam won first, fourth and sixth
heats and race. Best time, 2:15%. Duchess
won third- heat. Time, fclflfc Schermerhorn
iook tne second heat, but was drawn after the
win Tf Tlme> 2:14W - J»m Dixon, D. D. and
Billy K also started. •
ct^V n tr £ t ~F' oul3 Jeffers °n won in three
M f hea 4 8 - Best time, 2:20%. Gorge M,
Ked Edna. Commonwealth, Mof fltt, . Dr. Short
and Vlcmeta also started. .
Six furlonss— St. Germain won. Nullah sec
ond, G. H. Ketcham third. • Time.. 1:17m,
e^ e^ r """ lon ss— Nearest won. Sir Gatlan sec
ond, Pantheon- third. Time, 1:31.
Four furlongs-Big Dutch won, Joe D sec
ond, Geonre Landers third. Time, :49.
Five and a half furlongs— Alaria won, Jerld
second, Comet third. Time, 1:10/
After the horses in the last race had
crossed the winning Hpe Clinton B stum
bled and fell, rolling heavily on Jockey-
Earl. The Incident created great excite
ment in the, grand stand. Earl was not
badly hurt. * "•; . ; .
Jockey L. Rose was suspended indefi
nitely for-.his ride on Huntressa, the fav
orite in the first race. • Owner Louis
Thompson and -his entire stable, of horses
and Jockey Henderson were ruled off the
track owing to the sorry^ showing made
bv Irish Jewel, the favorite in the last
race. Summary:
Five and a half furlongs, selling— Josle F
won. Huntress A second. Marie E. Elena third.""
Time, l:0S%. •
Six furlongs, selling:— Randazzo won, Frldolln
second, Ed L. third. Time. 1:14%.
One mile and seventy yards, selling— Charles
D won. Terra Incognito second. Zaza third
Time, 1:45. ,
One mile, purse— Sklllman won, Chappaqua
second. Belle Simpson third: Time 1:42.
One mile, selling— Propeller won, Varo sec
ond, Battus third. Time. 1:42%.
Six furlongs, selling-Brulare won. Hi Nocker
second, Myrtle Van third.. Time. 4:44%. •
ST. LOUIS, June 17.— At the Fair
Grounds to-day an angry crowd sur
rounded the Judge's stand at the close of
the fifth event,' a three-horse affair,
claiming that Propeller, which won the
race, had : been "shooed" ¦ in. To many
the race had a suspicious look, but Judge,
Brady thought otherwise.
RACE-GOERS AT ST. LOUIS CLAMOR AROUND THE JUDGES.
.A-EVCIX V HdLJ.
Monday, June 17.
• Stmr National City, Dettmers, 15 hours from
Fort Bragg. . .
Stmr Coquille River, Johnson, 60 hours from
San Diero.
Stmr Hawaiian, Nanfleld, 9 days from Hono
lulu.
. Stmr Arcata, Nelson, 68 hours from Coos
Bay. ;-;'«'
Stmr Signal, Bendegard, 70 hours from Co
lumbia River. - : ¦ • .¦ " .
Stmr Pennsylvania, Roberts, 27 days from
Manila.
Stmr San Pedro, Jahnsen, 24 hours from Eu
reka.
Br ship Sierra Estrella, Farmer, 66 daya
from Callao.
Shipping Intelligence.
Wheat Shipment.
Th« British ship Liverpool cleared yesterday
for Queenstown for orders with 115,005 ctls
wheat valued at $112,100, and 25,500 ft lumber
as dunnaee valued at $430.
In addition to cargo previously reported the
steamer 'Walla Walla, which sailed Saturday
for Victoria, carried merchandise for British
Columbia valued at $1535, including the fol
lowing:
1193 pkgs fruits and vegetables, 181 sks pota
toes, 30 sks onions.
An Additional Manifest.
The Defender will load merchandise for Hana
nrnulu; the Pythomene, wheat for Europe,
Ks 9d.
Hatters of Interest to Mariners and
Shipping Merchants.
NEWS OF THE OCEAN".
The big freight steamer Hawaiian ar
rived from Honolulu yesterday with 8600
tons of sugar. This Is the largest cargo
ever brought from the islands. The ves
sel -was damaged while among the islands
and came here with her cargo instead of
going to New York. After discharging she
will eo into the drydock. »
T. J. Flynn, while unloading a barrel of
whisky, met with, a serious accident yes
terday. The barrel slipped and fell on
his right leg:, breaking It.
The Licensed Baggage Solicitors* Union
No. 1 will Tglve a smoker In its rooms at
102 O'Farrell street to-morrow night. AH
the solicitors for the hotels and the trans
fer men on the front have been invited to
the affair. A cood time is expected.
The Shipwrights' Association presented
John Kentfield, of Kentfleld & Co., ship
owners, with a very handsome testimonial
yesterday. Mr. Kentfield gave the asso
ciation a beautiful American flag and the
testimonial was not only a letter of
thanks, but an acknowledgment of. the
kindly feeling existing between the ship
owner and the association.
Water Front Notes.
Only one body, that of Hold Brighton,
of Company D, Fortieth Infantry, came
back on the Pennsylvania, but there are
the remains of over 200 on the Euford.
panies will be landed at the Presidio to
day. -
OCEAN STEAMERS.
AUCKLAND— Sayed June - 17— Stmr Sierra,
for> Apia, Honolulu and San Francisco.
MANILA— Arrived June 17— Stmr Cymbellne,
from Moji, for Portland, Or. -
ST VINCENT, C V— Arrived Juna 17— Stmr
[¦¦M-I-M-H Mill H..M'1»H-H-H»I.»
FOREIGN PORTS.
HEYST— Passed June 15— Br bark Kilmeny,
from Antwerp, for San Francisco.
ANTWERP— Sailed June 4— Ger ship Ai
frieda, for San Francisco.
AUCKLAND— Sailed June 15— Stmr Sierra,
for San Francisco.
ST VINCENT-Arrlved June 17-Aus stmr
Marianne, hence April 9. for Barcelona.
BALTIMORE— Sailed June 15— Stmr Edith,
for San Diesro and San Francisco.
EASTERN. PORT.
PORT LOS ANGELES— Arrived June 1&—
Stmr San Mateo, from Nanaimo.
ASTORIA— Sailed June 17— Stmr Columbia,
for San Francisco. ¦;. • ¦ •
GRAYS HARBOR— Arrived June 17— Schr
Orient, from Redondo. .
CASPAR— Sailed June 17— Stmr South Coast,
for San Francisco.
- NEAH BAY— Passed in June 17— Nor stmr
Tellus, hence June 14, for Ccemainus.
Monday, June- 17.
Stmr Despatch, Johnson, Seattle.
Stmr Westport, Ericsson, Eureka.
Stmr Coquille River, Johnson, .
Schr Eliza Miller. Brummer, Coos Bay.
Schr Ida McKay, Lehtola, Eureka.
SPOKEN.
June 2, lat 31 N. Ion 17 W — Fr bark La Tour
d'Auvergne, from Swansea, for San Francisco.
Per etmr Pennsylvania— June 8. lat 40 11 N,
Ion 168 28 W. U S stmr Buford. from Manila,
for San . Francisco. Was going to put into
Honolulu for coal.
MISCELLANEOUS. . j
LONDON. June 17— Br bark Collingrove.
from Port Blakeley, at Shanghai, was severely
damaged by collision. ', Must go on drydock.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS. June 17. 10 p m— Weather
toggy; wind N"VV, velocity 20 miles.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
SEATTLE— Arrived June 17— Stmr City of
Topeka, from Dyea; stmr City of Seattle, from
Skaeuay.
Sailed June 17 — Stmr Mackinaw, for San
Francisco; stmrs Chas Nelson and Dolphin, for
Skaguay.
NEAH BAY — Passed June 17— Br stmr
Strathgyle, hence June 14, for Chemainus.
TILLAMOOK— Arrived June 15-Stmr W H
Krueer. hence June 11.
COOS BAT— Arrived June 16— Schr Monte
rey, hence June 12.
BOWENS LANDING— Arrived June 15-Stmr
Navarro, hence June 14. ' •
Sailed June 16— Stmr Samoa, for San Pedro.
VENTURA— Sailed June 17— Stmr Pasadena,
SAILED.
; Monday, June • 17. ,.
Stmr Bonlta, - Nopander, San Pedro; Goodall,
Perkins & Co. • " . - •' • ¦ •> •
Nor Rtmr Horda, Bvendsen, Guayaquil, via
Noyo; Swayne & Hoyt. - ¦ • ¦ —
Ship Falls of Clvde. Matton, Hilo; J D
Spreckels & Bros Co.
Br ship Liverpool, Lewis, Queenstown; O "W
McNear.
/Schr Ruth E Godfrey, Johnson, Nome; Ames
Mer Co.
CLEARED.
Br bark Chipperkyle, "Wilson, . 60 days trom
Iquiqiif.
Schr Newark, Crangle, 11 hours from Stew
arts Point. ' . -, ••
Schr Mary Sachs, Lindbridee, . 73 days from
Gallapasos Island. - ' • . • ; -'
Schr Julia E "VVhalen, Erratt, 82 days from
Pago Paro, ' via -.KawU T, H, 20 days- ¦'.>•/-
Rchr Albion, Larson, 4 days from Coquille
River. ' v ¦ ' : . •,- :•'•/¦'¦ ' ¦ -. '¦ ¦ - . • >
The Fortieth Regiment left Fort Reilly,
Kans., in September, 1S99. It was then
L:72 strong, but disease and the Filipino
bullets cut it down to the present num
• er ;^ Is fST 1 ?' a11 the tlme the regiment was
in the Philippines was spent in Southern
Luzon and Mindanao. During the past
nine months the men have practically
seen no active service. The twelve com-
Second lieutenants— F. W. Bugbee. J C
Rlghter.T. B. Bills, W. J. Wnlthorne, R. B^
Mitchell, N. H. , Cartmell, C. P. Robinson E
T. Paterson, W. Winston and L. W. Cofley
Major F. H. Hardie. Major George P. Sere
ven. L,. J. Stueber and-G. W. Ely, assistant
army sursreons, and Frank Pulls.
First lieutenants— W. E. Utterback, Q E.
McDowell, W. F. Crawford, J. R. Pourie, C C
Mitchell. J. M. Wheeler, W. J. Fitzpatrlck and
R. K. Cravens.
Colonel N. A. Goodwin, Major M. M. Mc-
Namee, Captain B. A. Ronlg and First Lieu
tenant W. J. Boyd, assistant army surgeons-
Captain A. W. Lillenthal, adjutant; First Lieu
tenants II. P. Fletcher and K. C. Masteller.
battalion adjutants: Captains W. J. Kendrick,
W. M. .Lambdln, . C. C. , Pulls, Paul Smith,
Thomas Miller and James C. France.
On June 8, in latitude 43 degrees 11 min
utes north, longitude 166 degrees 28 min
utes west, the transport Buford was
spoken. The Buford left Nagasaki on
May 26 and was expected here last Sun
jay. Her captain reported that his supply
of. coal was of the poorest and that he
was going to Honolulu for a new lot. The
buford was then 1382 miles from Honolulu
and 2000 from San Francisco. Captain
Merkens said he expected to make Hono
lulu by June 14 and would leave the next
&ay, arriving in San Francisco on June 24.
The Pennsylvania brings up the head
quarters and band and twelve companies
of the Fortieth, numbering 909 men all
told, ten members of the hospital corps,
twelve prisoners, five officers' servants,
five stowaways and ninety-eight- dis
charged men. Those who came home In
the cabin were:
The United States army transport Penn
sylvania arrived from Manila direct yes
terday afternoon. She brings home the
Fortieth Infantry and a number of dis
charged men.
Back From the Philippines.
The Philadelphia is to sail to-day for
Samoa. She has yet to take aboard four
anchors and fifty tons of chain, and
should this not arrive it will be next week
before the cruiser gets away. Forty men
to complete the Philadelphia's crew came
down from Mare Island yesterday.
FORTIETH ENTFANTRY ARRIVES.
The Army Transport Pennsylvania
The battleship Iowa sails for Puget
Sound to-morrow. During her absence
she will engage in target practice off
Port Angeles.
to visitors again this week and probably
not next Sunday. It was only at great
inconvenience that she was thrown open
to the public last Saturday and Sunday,
as nearly all the crew's time has expired.
Nearly 300 tons of munitions of war have
to be removed from the battleship during;
the week, and yesterday a barge from
the navy yard was alongside taking the
stuff aboard. After it is discharged t ae
Oregon will probably go to the Bremerton
navy yard.
SCENES DURING THE RACE FOR THE CHAMPIONSHIP BETWEEN PICKED CREWS FROM THE FLAGSHIP
IOWA AXD BATTLESHIP WISCONSIN. THE IOWA BOYS HAVE HITHERTO BEEN DEEMED INVIN
CIBLE, BUT YESTERDAY THE WISCONSIN BOYS WON AS THEY LIKED. " , •
TO ARRIVE. V
¦ NOTE-rln the above exposition of the tides
the early j morning tides are given in the left
nand column and the successive tides of the
day In the order of occurrence as to time of
day; the third time column gives the lasf tide
° f . the day. except when there are but three
tides as sometimes occurs. The heights ffiven
are in addition to the soundings on the United
States Coast Survey charts, except when a
minus .(—) Blgn precedes the height, and then
the number given la subtracted from the depth
given by the charts. The plane of reference is
the- mean of the lower low waters
Steamer Movements.
MOVEMENTS OF WARSHIPS.
The battleship Oregon will not be open
- At l:50«p. m. the men were sent away
to a fair start. Both crews were a little
unsteady at first, the Iowas rowing SS
strokes to the minute to the Wisconsins
4L For the first two miles there was not
half a boat's length between the contest
ants, the ' Wisconsins having the best of
it. The Iowas Increased- their stroke to
49 'and the Wisconsins responded with 44
to the minute. The latter boat then be
gan to draw away and when three miles
had been covered the Wisconsin was
eipht boat-lengths ahead. The Iowa was
then rowing 3S and the- Wisconsin 42
strokes to the minute.
Just about this time the stroke of the
Iowa caught a orab. and a few minutes
later No. 2 on the port bow accidentally
unshipped his oar. This gave the Wiscon
sin a lead of fifteen boat-lengths, which
the Iowa boys were never able to close.
As the winning boat passed the Wiscon
sin the boys on the battleship ran half a
dozen brooms to the top of the mast
and cheered themselves hoarse, while the
band on the Iowa played "See the Con
quering Heroes Come." The official time
for the race ¦was 37 minutes 15 seconds —
very fast considering the circumstances.
About noon yesterday Lieutenant
O'Neill of the Wisconsin went aboard the
Iowa and in a few minutes all the pre
liminaries ¦were arranged. At 1 p. m. the
crews got into the ships' launches, the
racing- barges were made fast behind and
a start was made for Hunters Point. The
course was from a point off the dryclock
to an imaginary line drawn from Folsom
street wharf to Goat Island, a distance
of four nautical miles, or four and five
eighths statute miles. The Wisconsin
boat drew the inshore position, but it
was of little assistance to her. A strong
breeze was blowing against the rowers,
which the first o'f the ebb tide was not
sufficient to neutralize.
The barges were manned as follows:
Wisconsin — F. Garvey, cockswain: C. Drake,
stroke: C. Nygard, C. Mad&on. C. Murphy. J.
R. Spratley. W. R. tThl. T. Nyland, A. Jorgen
een, C. Neubert, J. Eglit, H. T. Johnson and
C. Johnson.
Iowa— J. Carroll, cockswain: E. Raws, stroke;
J. Tulloch, R. Bowers. W, Junior, H. Nilsson,
E. Flnnerty. A. Campbell. F. Pitsula, P. Geig
er. J. Capell. J. Beaudoin and E. H. Olsen.
t
match for $10 an oar was made. The race
was set for the 13th inst., but owing to
the Wisconsin having to go to Puget
Sound the event had to be postponed.
Then it was set for last Saturday, but
again the Wisconsin had to go to sea.
When she returned Sunday it was de
cided to hold the race yesterday at slack
water.
In the meantime the men had been
wagering freely on the event. Both sides
were confident, but in the case of the
Wisconsin the men had nearly a -whole
month's pay, behind them, while the. Iowa
boys had theirs nearly spent. Still they
managed to scrape together $1800, and the
Wisconsin men promptly covered it and
offered to bet $1500 more. The officers all
had bets among themselves, and it is
safe to say that fully $5000 changed hands
on the result. The outcome puts a new
champion ere* 1 in the field and the Iowa
boys will in future have to take a back
seat.
United State's Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort .Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au-
Sun, Moon and Tide.
Branch Hydrographic Office, U. S. N., Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, Cal.,
June 17, 1901.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building: was dropped at exactly noon to-day—
i. e., at noon of the 120th meridian, or at 8
o'clock p. m.. Greenwich time.
; • J. C. BURNETT.
Lieutenant, IT. S. N., retired, in charge.
Time Ball.
Marianne, from San Francisco, via Coronel,
for Barcelona.
LJVERPOOL-Sailed June 17— Stmr North
western, for Chicajo. -
NEW YORK— Arrived Juno 17— Stmr Bovic.
from Lfiverrool.
THE much talked about race be
tween a picked crew from the
flagship Iowa and one from the
battleship Wisconsin came off yes
terday afternoon. For years the
boys on the Iowa haV© met all comers
and have always proved victorious. Lat
terly they came to be considered Invin
cible, and a year ago, in order to gret up
a race, a crew from the port watch had
to compete with one picked from the star
board watch. The winners of that event
rowed In the boat used In the race just
decided.
When the Wisconsin went into com
mission six months ago some of the finest
oarsmen in the navy were drafted to her.
Then a very fine racing barge was built
for the battleship, and as soon as the
men saw it they decided to challenge the
Iowa's unbeaten crew. Nothing loth, the
Iowa boys picked up 'the gauntlet, and a
Beats the Hitherto Invincible Boys of the Flagship Iowa by Fifteen Boat Lengths Over a Four-Knot
Course — About Five Thousand Dollars Changes Hands on the Result of the Excitirig
Race — For Two Miles the Contesting Craft Run Along Almost Bow and Bow
BARGE CREW OF BATTLESHIP WISCONSIN
WINS ITS FIRST RACE AND MUCH COIN
THE SAN FRANCISCO 'CALL, "TDESDAYi J a UJ>TK 18, 1901.
thority of. the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high -and low- waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide is the same at both places.
TUESDAY, JUNE 18.
5
6
4
• • Time " Time Time Time
Date Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
- j L VT . ¦ H.W L W H W
18'... 6:43—1.11 1:54 5.0 6:30 3^1 ~
. . H W • L.W HW L W • "
19... 0:39 .6.0 7:39—0.8 2:40 6.2 7:3S 1} 9
20... 1:34 ; 5.6 #8:12 —0.3 3:25 5.3 8:38 2 8
21... 2:34 5.0 8:56 0.2 4:06 5.4 .'9:50 2 6
22... 3:34 4.5 9:40 0.7 4:50 5.5 11:00 2 2
23'-.. I 4:4fi 4.0 10:29 1.2 5:34 5.5
IL, W| , |H W| |L w| H W
24 ..| 0:07| 1.8| 6:0O| 3.8| ll:20| 1.6| 6:18 5.5
Steamer.
From.
I Due.
Eureka...: Humboldt ............. June IS
Mandalay;.,.... Coqullle River... June 18
Empire Coos Bay ..... June 13
Santa Barbara. Humboldt June 18
~ anJ . uan Panama & Way Ports. June 18
Wasntenaw Seattle June 13
Del Norte Crescent City. June Id
Czarina Seattle and Tacoma June 19
Pomona riumboldt- June 19
Columbia Portland and Astoria.. June 19
North Fork Humboldt June 20
Point Arena.... Point Arena June 30
W. H. Kruger TMlamook Bay ...: June 20
JJ oyo " Humboldt June 20
Coos Bay Newport June 20
Santa Rosa.... San Diego June 20
A , cme Sluslaw River June 20
City of Puebla. Puget Sound Ports June 21
China China and Japan Juno 22
Tucapel Valparaiso & Way Pts Juno 22
Argyll n. Y. via Panama. June 22
Rival Wlllapa Harbor June 23
Bonita San Pedro & Way Pts. June 23
Corona. San Diego June 23
G. W. Elder Portland & Astoria June 24
Steamer.
I
Destination.
iSails.
Pier.
£ June 18.
Despatch 'Seattle & Falrh'n.
Colombia Valparaiso & "Way
Bonita San Pedro
Acapulco..... Panama & Way..
Jnne 10.
Queen Seattle direct
Rainier Seattle & N. What
Empire Coos Bay ..:
Corona San Diego
Jane 20.
Mandalay.... Coqullle River ....
Eureka....... Humboldt ..........
Arcata........ Coos Bay
Sonoma Sydney & "Way. Pts
Umatllla Puget Sound Ports
San Pedro.... Humboldt
Fulton Grays Harbor-.:..
Jnne 21.
Czarina....... Seattle & Tacoma.
Pomona Humboldt
_,„ Jane 23. -.
H'kong Maru China & Japan....
Coos Bay Newport
Point Arena. . Point Arena ...."
Columbia..... Astoria & Portland
Santa Barbar Humboldt •. .'. .
Acme Sluslaw River
Noyo Humboldt
'. | Jnne 23.
North Fork... Humboldt
Santa Rosa... San Diego
•
5 pm Pier II
12 m Pier II
9 am Pier 1
12 m PMSS
11 am Pier !
5 pm Pier :
12 m Pier l:
9 am Pier 1
10 am Pier :
9 am Pier l:
12 m Pier i:
10 am Pier '
11 am Pier '.
10 am Pier !
B pm Pier K
5-pm Pier i
1:30 p Pier !
1 pm PMS3
9 am Pier 11
2 pm Pier I
11 am Pier 2-
10 am Pier :
3 pm Pier l:
5 pm Pier :
9 am Pier i
9 am Pier 1
iteamer.
Destination.
Sails.
9,\? °l Seattle. Skaguay & Way Ports. June IS
City of Topektv Skaguay & "Way Ports. June 19
Victorian Skaguay & Way Ports. June 22
Farallon Skaguay & Way Ports. June 22
Cottage City... Skaguay & Way Ports. June 24
Excelsior Valdez & Way Ports... June 23
¦Dingo Skaguay. & Way Ports. June 29
Alkl Skaguay &'Way Ports. June 29
Senator... Nome direct. .'..'.. .;....-.. June 29
Steamer.
From.
I Due.
Eureka...: Humboldt ............. June IS
Mandalay;.,.... Coqullle River... June 18
Empire Coos Bay ..... June 13
Santa Barbara. Humboldt June 18
~ anJ . uan Panama & Way Ports. June 18
Wasntenaw Seattle June 13
Del Norte Crescent City. June Id
Czarina Seattle and Tacoma June 19
Pomona riumboldt- June 19
Columbia Portland and Astoria.. June 19
North Fork Humboldt June 20
Point Arena.... Point Arena June 30
W. H. Kruger TMlamook Bay ...: June 20
JJ oyo " Humboldt June 20
Coos Bay Newport June 20
Santa Rosa.... San Diego June 20
A , cme Sluslaw River June 20
City of Puebla. Puget Sound Ports June 21
China China and Japan Juno 22
Tucapel Valparaiso & Way Pts Juno 22
Argyll n. Y. via Panama. June 22
Rival Wlllapa Harbor June 23
Bonita San Pedro & Way Pts. June 23
Corona. San Diego June 23
G. W. Elder Portland & Astoria June 24
iteamer.
Destination.
Sails.
9,\? °l Seattle. Skaguay & Way Ports. June IS
City of Topektv Skaguay & "Way Ports. June 19
Victorian Skaguay & Way Ports. June 22
Farallon Skaguay & Way Ports. June 22
Cottage City... Skaguay & Way Ports. June 24
Excelsior Valdez & Way Ports... June 23
¦Dingo Skaguay. & Way Ports. June 29
Alkl Skaguay &'Way Ports. June 29
Senator... Nome direct. .'..'.. .;....-.. June 29
Steamer.
I
Destination.
iSails.
Pier.
£ June 18.
Despatch 'Seattle & Falrh'n.
Colombia Valparaiso & "Way
Bonita San Pedro
Acapulco..... Panama & Way..
Jnne 10.
Queen Seattle direct
Rainier Seattle & N. What
Empire Coos Bay ..:
Corona San Diego
Jane 20.
Mandalay.... Coqullle River ....
Eureka....... Humboldt ..........
Arcata........ Coos Bay
Sonoma Sydney & "Way. Pts
Umatllla Puget Sound Ports
San Pedro.... Humboldt
Fulton Grays Harbor-.:..
Jnne 21.
Czarina....... Seattle & Tacoma.
Pomona Humboldt
_,„ Jane 23. -.
H'kong Maru China & Japan....
Coos Bay Newport
Point Arena. . Point Arena ...."
Columbia..... Astoria & Portland
Santa Barbar Humboldt •. .'. .
Acme Sluslaw River
Noyo Humboldt
'. | Jnne 23.
North Fork... Humboldt
Santa Rosa... San Diego
•
5 pm Pier II
12 m Pier II
9 am Pier 1
12 m PMSS
11 am Pier !
5 pm Pier :
12 m Pier l:
9 am Pier 1
10 am Pier :
9 am Pier l:
12 m Pier i:
10 am Pier '
11 am Pier '.
10 am Pier !
B pm Pier K
5-pm Pier i
1:30 p Pier !
1 pm PMS3
9 am Pier 11
2 pm Pier I
11 am Pier 2-
10 am Pier :
3 pm Pier l:
5 pm Pier :
9 am Pier i
9 am Pier 1
• • Time " Time Time Time
Date Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
- j L VT . ¦ H.W L W H W
18'... 6:43—1.11 1:54 5.0 6:30 3^1 ~
. . H W • L.W HW L W • "
19... 0:39 .6.0 7:39—0.8 2:40 6.2 7:3S 1} 9
20... 1:34 ; 5.6 #8:12 —0.3 3:25 5.3 8:38 2 8
21... 2:34 5.0 8:56 0.2 4:06 5.4 .'9:50 2 6
22... 3:34 4.5 9:40 0.7 4:50 5.5 11:00 2 2
23'-.. I 4:4fi 4.0 10:29 1.2 5:34 5.5
IL, W| , |H W| |L w| H W
24 ..| 0:07| 1.8| 6:0O| 3.8| ll:20| 1.6| 6:18 5.5
ADVERTISEMENTS.
DB.MEYERS&CO,
Specialists. Disease
and weakness of
men. Establla hed
1881. Con sultation
and private book
free, at office or by
mall. Cures gnar-
anteed. 731 Mar-
ket street (eleva-
tor entrance), San
Francisco.
visit DR. JORDAN'S orcat
MUSEUM OF ANATOMY
CA 1051 KASSST ST. let. 6 A S 7ti . S.7. CiL
•Tf w Til5 Hjy"* Anatomical Museum in the
_O^^ world Weaknesses or any comiac'crt
Mil ssswssS?S^
tflr^i DR * JCRDAN -DI3EASES OF MEN
INKSylT _C on ™'«tion free and strictly private.
I flrSf 0 *£££?%. p «" OM ' | y «' »>y letter? a
S It 11 S ronttn Cwrt >o erery case undertalcra.
rtf I • __ w 'ite fo» Book, PHILOSOPHY of
tf IP "AllKIACE. MAILED FREE. ( A 1
& £ valuable book for n«.n) * Kt =« « A
****• JOBDAS A CO.. 1051 Market St. 3. F. '
uHrt IJUiRL ss-ra 1 siz.
5c. Overcoats and
. . valises checked free.
Weak Men and Women
strength to Be *ual organ/' p^pot 1
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES..
Catalogues and Ppleo Lists Mallei
on Application.
COAL. COKE AN> PI3 1RO*
JC > VILSON&CQ. > JBaggMtth
COPPERSMITH.
c- w. smith; as f?ssft4ffl^j a
IS Washington st. Telephone Main 584L
FRESH AND SALT MEATS
JAS BOYES&CP.
Dr. Pierce's Pleasant Pellets regulate
the bowels.
"I suffered from female weakness for 15tc
month*." writes Miss Belle Hedriclc of Nve.
Putnam Co., W. Va. "I was treated by a good
physician, but he never seemed to do me any
good. I wrote to Dr. R. V. Pierce for advice,
¦which I received, telling: me to take his ' Favorite
Prescription ' and ' Golden Medical Discovery.'
I took thirteen bottles of ' Favorite Prescription'
and eight of* Golden Medical Discovery.' when
I had used the medicine a month ray health was
much improved. It has continued to improve
until now I can work at almost all kinds of
housework. I had scarcelv any appetite, but it
la all right now. Have gained several pounds
in weight. I advise all who suffer from chronic
diseases to write to Dr. Pierce." ." ~ s . -•
AH women who suffer
from chronic diseases
to write to Dr. Pierce*"
That advice is based upon practical
experience. After sufferinp- for months,
tad finding no benefit result from the
treatment of the
local physician,
UJIiss Belle Hecfrick
t. wrote to Dr. Pierce
f for advice.: £»ie
acted on the advice,
regained her appe-
tite, recovered her
strength, and gain-
f y ed several pounds
KUT ~ I -7^ "weight.
/£1 r^rV-* "Write to Doctor
• /Jfi /Jfell Kerce » is good ad-
iMJr \ 2^ SlViTA vIce for every
.-AtlSaf V^ woman to folloiv.
/&5&^ i a Ji I4 ct >sts nothinp
%, r - Pierce inviti
jVjfjfc^A % s ' c^ "women to cc.
r *^^&4&%%A>t su^ t him, by iette
¦V^^^^^TT^ f ree - Address Dr
fj^' ' valids*. Hotel' ano
'f Surgical Institute,
' . Buffalo, N. Y. '
In a little over thirty years, Dr: Pierce,
assisted by his staff of nearly a. score of
physicians, has treated and cured over
I naif a million women.
te B Msivis©
SPECIAL SALE oi*.
Ladies' Silk Waists Jackets
Ladies' Tailor-Made Suits *• BlacK
Sateen Skirts «• Black Silk Skirts*.
Misses Jackets«»Ladies Wool Waists
5.00
.75
5.00
3,90
1.50
10.00
1.40
1.50
1.00
LADIES' COLORED SILK WAISTS 00 fjf]
marked down from $5.00 to lS 0 1 U U
I LADIES' COLORED SILK WAISTS A (\!\\
. marked down from $6.50 to .-> Ti UU
LADIES' -COLORED SILK WAISTS
' marked down from $7.50 to 1
LADIES' TAILOR-MADE SUITS
marked down from $7.50 to. .. . . —
LADIES' JACKETS, TAILOR MADE,
marked down from $5.00 to «
LADIES' BLACK SILK DRESS
SKIRTS, marked down from $17.50 to..
BLACK SATEEN PETTICOATS
marked down from $2.00 to. . . ••«
MISSES' JACKETS
marked down from $5.00 to. . , ; * ~..j. «
LADIES' WOOL WAISTS
down from $2.00 to. . •• •—- -- -1
LADIES' BLACK CHEVIOT SKIRTS,
trimmed with gold braid and velvet,
• marked down from $8.oc to. . . . — . ...*i
LADIES' WHITE SHIRT WAISTS
marked down from $1.50 to.. . Lm2^*«
SUITS MADE TO ORDER — PERFECT FIT
GUARANTEED.
J. O'BRIEN COMPANY
1146 MARKET STREET
Cured While
You Sleep
In Fifteen Days
"Qran-SolTcnf dlsaolTes Stricture ll>e saow be>
psstb the van. reduces Enlarged Prosu w *n«
»trenyttien« to* Samlnal Duets, ttopptac Drain* aaa
Emlulons In Vlfte«n Days.
N« dnun to rn'.n the stomach, bnt » airxst local
tad poaltlTe application to the entire nrethrm! tracx
Oran-SolTent la not a liquid. It la prepared 14
the form of Crayoaa or Pencils, smooth ana Deri XA
tad to narrow aa to paaa the eloseat Strictnr*.
Every Man Should Know Hirroclf.
Tta 8V Jum Aisa.. Box 334, Cincinnati. (X. Sa»
mtpttnA at great expense an exhaust- mmm m 1
rrclUnstnted TreatlM upon tb« male L LI L I
tystam, which th*a will teadi w any f f | r r '
male applicant. ¦ J1U1-I
ST. JAMES ISSN 25 ° ELM st.,
JI« JAiUEJ A33H., CincInnatU Ohio.
OILS.
LUBRICATING OILS. LEONARD & T"T T T«»
418 Front St., S. F. Phone Main itn^ 13 '
PRINTINO.
E.CBUGBES, m^^™-- g r .
-.PRINTERS. BOOKBINDERS.
THE HICKS-JUDD CO.,
23 First Street. San FrancUc*
¦|5|- "RIGHT HERE, DOCTOR,"
M\ Jo , , That's the place, right In the small of the back.
I^V // ¦_ It's a dull ache, sometimes a stinging "catch,"
, ,'y^h~s*i ¦' a "tired feeling',"" a burning pain. .It exposes
_ >r -j- • * n0 * ac * * na * y° u are * n Da< * shape,
i$??Sgfe^yVH&j|^ .-.¦-'• your Btrength has been overtaxed,
mmfc-illfr aI^wP^^S. your kidneys are breaking down,
JfflfiijFK H's 1* HfrSffiraSiSfcv your nerves are shaky, your bowela
' /yUgS/ Nv*""*' Pn^wS^^W constipated. You need the help of
m IjL f »W^^^ Dr - McLaughlin's
it •': ectriC^ e^
llsl?* ' -«¦ Jir*\^*££&&r Mr - T - Harrison, Colma, Cal., says-
« r F — r • ¦ O i£AJ2^T J^.yS&^ "My back was very bad when I got your
\(\~ — ' fT/ R^ff**^ Belt. It was weak and painful. The
i^— B* = '~£\ Clffl ' Belt has curec * me ' an< * I have not an
tayLg^^ URECURE. Lrnou^TnaTrs^aW^r^
VfiiSSta&QaS^^vSsllKf^V P ut mv Belt on when you so to bed and your
i^a39ill5i3maf*6iiaf'§'l pa-in. is gone in the morning. It restores vigor
538aa&lH?'B5v£a!l»<£» ft of men, cures Varicocele, Indigestion, Consti-
' F3@aI*!asI^&135aa5Hfe l> ' pation. Kidney Troubles, Rheumatism and ail
GafiflaSK^S'aSgfl^slj pains and weakness or no pay.
if»'ff'y»Sa9nSlSSH*le/ * take other belts in trade to show how much
ifa^eilfiiSfS 'PiSsI better mine is. Call or send for my free book.
IlIilMlsllilailf IHT'M f Mr] AlTlrHI IN 702 Market St,
R^BMflSii'llUl'IsPi! HlwiiAUUllLlil, Cor. Geary, S. F.
MatiMat lilPllll Office Hoc " : 8 A ' M- 10 8:30 Pl M- 8nad *7 s 10 to 1.
uEMiM WmiWl 3 AngeleS Offlce> >131West Second st.; Seattle,
ADVERTISEMENTS^Leaves Train to Shoot Himself.
. SAN BERNARDINO, June 17.— Coroner
Thompson held an inquest; at Barstow to
day over the remains \ of S. M. Ederlng
ton, a tourist, 'whose ' dead . body | was
found alongside the Santa Fe track near
Barstow j Saturday night. - The deceased
was In poor health and left an eastbound
passenger train and shot himself. .; A bank
book found on his ; person showed him to
have been a . man of ¦ considerable means.
He had recently, visited friends at Napa
and was en route to his home in Warren,
Ark. 7 ; -. :- . ~
P. C. Kelly, Assignee,
Will start his three-day hat sale to-mor^
row ; at 10 a. m. Everything is ready.
There will be more hats sold in these
three days . than ¦ there are . people > in a
small city, f or : every. hat of Herrmann «
hats must be sold before Friday at 6
p. m. Hats In brown, v Hats in black.
Hats In Oxford. . Hats In tan. \ Fedora
hats. Trilby hats. Duke of-York hats
Alpine hats. - Derby hats. All will go
Dunlap hats. Stetson hats. Youmaii
hats. Knox hats in pearl or drab. Hats
suitable for .. any man. ' Prices to . suit
yourself. ~ These hats must be sold for the
want of space. ' Hats that cost $5 will be
sold for $1 50. Hats that cost S3 50 for $1.
At the 'assignee sale of the Boston, 773
Market street, near .Fourth:. . ¦¦ • •
Royalty Reaches New Zealand.
WELLINGTON, N. Z., June 17.— The
steamer Ophir, with the Duke and Duch
ess of Cornwall and York on board nas
arrived here. • ;- : ,: y; L '
SAN BERNARDINO, June 17.— A man
who says his name is Carl King was ar
rested at Redlands to-day, and was later
placed in the County Jail here. King at
tempted to cash a check to which he is
alleged to have forged the name of a well
knewn business man. When the police
Arrested on a Forgery Charge.
TJNITE IN HOLDING
DEDICATORY CEREMONIES
Military Attaches of French and Aus
trian "Embassies Jointly Honor
Their Hero Dead.
BERLIN, June 17.— A' remarkable cere-
mony occurred at Hacenburg, Prussia,
yesterday, when the military j attaches
to the ; French and ? Austrian ! Em
bassies \ In Berlin, together with fif
ty-five German veteran associations,
jointly celebrated the dedication- of
two monuments, - one erected by Aus
tria In honor of those Austrians who fell
in 1796, during the war. with France, and
the other to the French general, Marctau,
who was mortally wounded at Altenkir
chen, Rhenish Prussia. September 20, 17*3,
and died three days after. .
At the dedication of these monuments
the bands played the Marsellalse and the
Prussian hymn. A' French attache pro
posed three cheers for Emperor William
and an Austrian attache expressed • his
confidence in the durability of the drei
bund.
. The ceremony was witnessed by large
numbers of German army and navy offi
cers on the active list and high civil and
military officials from a number of dis
tricts.
SETTLERS AT LOOKOUT
AiRE LIVING IN FEAR
Indian Scare Is Dying Out, but the
People Have Doubts About
Safety.
ALTURAS, June 17.— There is still much
anxiety felt here over the recent Indian
scare at Lookout, though no definite news
has been received from that place to-day.
The Grand Jury adjourned Saturday at
r.ion and took a recess until this morning
at 10 o'clock. All of the witnesses here
from the Lookout country departed im
mediately for their homes and returned
at 10 o'clock this morning.
A reDort reached here to-day, but has
not been corroborated, that the recent
uprising of Indians In the vicinity of
Lookout was caused by troubles among
themselves. The trouble grew out of a
quarrel which happened between two In
dians over a squaw. It is thought. that
the return of the witnesses to Lookout
may frighten the Indians to abandoning
tl-at part of the county, whatever their
purpose may have been.
POOLSELLING STOPPED.
Injunction Served on the Officers of
; >%,' Harlem Track.
CHICAGO. June 17.— No.tice of injunc
tion was served this afternoon upon the
officers of the Harlem racetrack as the
result of Judge Holden having granted a
writ against poolselling at the track. The
sport was not, however, interfered with
this afternoon. Whether, the effort to stop
racing will be successful the track own
ers do not venture to say. The movement
originated in the old . war between the
poolroom keepers,' John Condon, the pro
prietor of Harlem, and' his. partner, James
O'Leary, having antagonized other pool
room men, who have succeeded in enlist
ing the help of some prominent politi
cians. The latter have the co-operation
of the Citizens' League and all racing In
Chicago may be stopped. It is announced,
however, that there will be no interfer
ence with Saturday's Derby.
Wilshire Baiting Bryan.
OMAHA, June 17.— Falling to get W. J.
Bryan to join him in a debate on. trusts,
after offering ?10,000 as an inducement
and depositing $1000 as a guaranty of good
faith, H. Gaylord Wilshire of Los An
geles Cal., has leased' the Oliver Theater
in Lincoln for next Friday^ evening, when
he will deliver a speech on the trusts
question. It is. asserted that the $10,000
offer is still open, and that the money
will be paid to- Bryan If ¦ he appears on
Friday evening and engages in the de
bate. :\; ; : "¦¦:¦¦ ' ¦ -"'-'-¦-
Cut His Wife's Throat.
BUTTE, Mont., : June ' 17.— Crazed by
causeless Jealousy, George Brown, a min
er, cut his wife's throat with a razor to
day, killing her instantly. He then gashed
his own throat, but will recover. ¦
MILWAUKEE, June 17.— The Supreme
Lodge of Knights of Honor to-day created
the following past grand dictators: Ben
I. Salomon of California, J. Warren Smith
of Massachusetts, James Caldwell and H
S. Moody of Ohio, Asa O. Angell and
Charles Hayden of Indiana, A. P. Hage
meyer of Kentucky and James H. Night
ingale of Rhode Island. It was decided to
continue the present annual salaries of
officers.
Create Past Grand Officers.
MODESTO. June 17.-Philip Campbell,
aged 15 years, was drowned near War
nerville in a deep hole In the upper creek
yesterday. He could not swim and got
over his depth while bathing. His mother
lives in San Francisco. The body was
brought to Modesto.
Boy Drowned While Bathing.
WASHINGTON. June 17.— The Secre
tary of War directs the publication of the
following order for the information of the
army: "No malt, vinous or spirituous
liquors will-be purchased by the subsist
ence department for any purpose. Sup
plies thereof needed In medical or hos
pital practice or for use in the diet of sol
diers too sick to use the army ration
will be provided by the medical depart
ment." ¦'... ¦;..;-
Liquors for Sick Soldiers.
BIG SURPRISE TO MUSICIAN.
Calling on a friend the other evening, I :
found him, his wife and daughter deep In
a discussion as to the relative merits of
the works of Wagner, Beethoven, Men
delssohn and Chopin. They talked fluent
ly and apparently understanding^ of
Opus this and No. that, accent, phrasing,
tempo, legato, staccato and other tech
nical points. I was considerably sur
prised, as I did not know that any of
them were musicians, and I said to my
friend: "How is this? You are the very
man whom I have often heard say that
you would not buy a handsome piano, as
you could not, and your wife and daugh
ter would not. play." My friend laughed
and passed Into the parlor, where the
piano stood, and after a few moments the
room was filled with the wonderful meJody
of a berceuse by Chopin. After the ber
ceuse came one of Brahm's Hungarian
dances. No. 5, strong and swinging, and
then came a Liszt rhapsody. By this time
I knew what had happened — my friend
had bought a Pianola.
I went into the parlor and looked at the
Pianola, as I had heard a great deal
about, it, and in ten minutes I was as en
thusiastic as my friend. It played the
most difficult classical compositions and
gave my friend, who a year before knew
no more about music than a cow, as thor
ough an appreciation of music as I my
self possess, although I- had lived in a
musical atmosphere all my life.
The result of this was that I investi
gated the instrument manufactured by
the firm- who are responsible for the Pi
anola, and I found that the claims they
were making in their advertisements fell
far short of adequately describing the ex
cellent quality of their goods.
Taking my friend as a fair sample of
the American people, it would seem that
the Pianola will educate the musical
sense of our people, cultivate, sharpen
and elevate them until we. who popularly
have been believed to be deficient in mu
sical appreciation, will become the great
est musical nation in the world.— New
Tork Press.
These wonderful instruments can be
seen and heard at Kohler & Chase'3, 30
O'Faxrell street- •
Tirst Experience With Pianola Makes
Him Its Firm Friend.
HAWAII'S CHIEF EXECUTIVE AND THE TERRITORIAL SECRETARY,
TO WHOM, POLITICAL ENEMIES BELIEVE, HE EXPECTS TO SUR
RENDER HIS OFFICE PERMANENTLY. A
LONDON, June 17.— Charles Lillywhite,
who claims to be a naturalized American
and who says he has been In the United
States since 1SS5, but who was arrested in
New Zealand in November last and
brought to this country yesterday,
charged with being Arthur Blath, who is
accused of murder, robbery and arson
committed at Colchester, England, in 1893,
had his first hearing to-day in camera, to
the disappointment of a number of curi
ous people who crowded the courtroom.
The discovery of relatives the prisoner
claims to have In Leeds presages a break
down of the Government case.
Arthur Blath in 1893 robbed and mur
dered Arthur Welch at Colchester. Eng
land, and set fire to his victim's tailor
shop in order to cover his crime. Blath
escaped' and no trace of him was found
until a man answering his description
¦was arrested at Wellington, N. Z., No
vember 16 last as the result of information
given to the police by a woman. The pris
oner was, identified as Blath at Welling
ton by two residents of London, but the
prisoner claimed to be Charles Lillywhite
and said he had an aunt named Caroline
Cook living in Chicago. He also said he
had homesteaded in the State of Wash
ington in 1892-93 and he had some docu
mentary evidence which supported his
claim.
Citizens of Tacoma are making a strong
fight to prove that Lillywhite is a victim
of mistaken identity and have forwarded
a mass of evidence to London.
American Citizen Held
Prisoner by English
Authorities.
GRAVE MISTAKE
MADE BY POLICE
Elevation of the New Or
leans Archbishop .
Probable.
WASHINGTON, June 17.— The name of
Archbishop Chapelle of New Orleans has
been brought to the attention of the Vat
ican authorities and to the Pope in person
for elevation to the rank of Cardinal be
cause of his services as Papal Delegate
for the Philippines and West Indies.
Archbishop Chapelle is of French ori
gin and it is believed that his elevation
would be looked upon with favor by !he
French authorities.
In some ecclesiastical quarters It had
been felt that the church authorities over
the Philippines, Cuba and Porto ltico
should come under the American heii
aichy, rather than under a papal dele
gate, as the American church is better
able to co-operate with the. United States
Government in directing Insular affairs.
It Is understood this question also has
been brought to the attention of the Vat
ican during the visit of Cardinal Gibbons
and , Archbishop Chapelle. • During one of
the audiences, when the elevation -- of
Archbishop Chapelle was urged on the
Pope, the latter expressed his high regard
for. the work of the Archbishop. "
It is the Intention to bring the matter
of the title of the : friars in, the Philip
pines to a determination by a trial In the
Supreme Court of the Philippines. Under
tne present condition there can be no ap
peal to the Supreme Court of the United
States,- but such an appeal could be. al
lowed If provided for In legislation at the
next Congress. . f , .
LONDON, June 17.— A dispatch to the
Foreign Office from the Consul General
of Somaliland says that the Mad Mullah
expedition .had heavy fighting on May 23
The Hying column, of mounted infantry
under Captain Meriweather struck the
Mullah supply camp during a night march
and captured 5000 head of cattle, killed
one captain and captured another cov
ered 100 miles, fought a sharp action and
returned to its base, air in twenty-four
nour=.
The main force of the British, under
Colonel- Swayne. departed for Eldab on
June 2, leaving MacNeill with 300 men to
guard the zariba. Swayne's column ad
vanced against the Mullah's base. In the
meantime the Mullah with 3000 followers
attacked the zariba three times. He was
finally driven by Captain MacNeill,
with a loss of oOO men. The British in the
zariba had ten men killed and nine
wounded.
The Mullah Is now cut off from his base
and a decisive action is imminent. ¦.
British Are Victorious in
a Series of Engage-
Sir Harry relates that the country sur
rounding Moantelgon is totally depopu
lated as a result of tribal wars and Is con
requently marvelously stocked with bis
game as tame as English park deer. Ze
bras and antelopes can be approached to
within ten yards and there is no sport in
killing them. Elephants and rhinoceroses
are also abundant, and, according, to Sir
Henry, lions in Uganda are too busy cat
ing hartebeest to notice a passing cara
van. The prehistoric giraffe has been
discovered In this country . by the Com
missioner, who proposes to maintain the
region referred to as a national park.
Sir Henry photographed a race of ape
men in the Congo forest differing entirely
from Stanley's pigmies and obtained pho
nograph records of their language and
music. He says that twelve varieties of
rubber trees are found in this country in
inexhaustible supply.
LONDON, June 17.— Sir Harry Hamilton
Johnston, Special Commissioner for the
Uganda protectorate, has returned to Lon
don after an absence of two years. He
brings stories of Uganda rivaling Henry
M. Stanley's description of darkest Africa.
Briton Brings Remark
able Stories From
Uganda.
Special Correspondence of The Call.
HONOLULU, June 8.—Representa
tive Emmeluth is determined to
learn what is the matter with
Governor Dole that he must con
tinue to govern by proxy. This
morning he moved this resolution in the
House:
Whereas, By reason of a public notice read
ing—
"Kxecutive notice— The Governor, acting un
der the advice of his physician, will tempo
rarily refrain from performing the duties of
his office. During- the disability of the Gov
ernor the Secretary of the Territory will act
as Governor. H. E. COOPER,
"'Secretarv of the- Territory.
"Capitol. Honolulu, May 11, 1901."
Henry E. Cooper. Secretary of the Territory,
has been performing: the duties of Governor
of this Territory: and
"Whereas. The time which has elapsed since
such publication has permitted the Governor's
return to the city in sufficiently good health
to be daily seen on the streets thereof; ami
Whereas. The functions of government make
it desirable that the various offices there
under be separately administered; now, there
fore, he it
Resolved, That the clerk of this House be
instructed to communicate with the acting
Governor of the Territory and inquire of him
the nature and extent of the disability under
which the Governor of the Territory may at
this date be incapacitated for the duties of his
office, and what the prospects are at this date
for the resumption of the duties of his office
by the Governor. •
In the Senate yesterday Mr. Kanuha
spoke strongly in support of a majority
report of the Military Committee in favor
of wiping out the National Guard. The
report itself w,as a roast of the extrava
gance of expenditure upon the militia. An
item among many eliciting biting sarcasm
was the payment to a fashionable tailor
of $24 for a coat for Captain A. G. Hawes
Jr., private secretary to the Governor and
one of his military aids. Mr. Kanuha
had characterized as a sheer bluff a con
tention of Mr. Achi, who is a well known
Chino-Hawaiian lawyer, that the organic
act made It obligatory upon the Territory
to maintain an efficient military estab-
lishment. Proceeding with his remarks
he used the native word "hoopunipunl,"
meaning that some one had lied.
Cecil Brown sprang up in a passion and
said that if the rest of the Senate chose
to be insulted he was to be counted out.
After the uproar Mr. Kanuha quietly fin
ished his speech.
Cecil Brown made an Impassioned
speech against the majority report. When
interrupted by Dr. Russel with a point of
order he shouted that nothing less than
throwing him out Off the window could
prevent his freedom of utterance.
Afterward the minority report was
clared the Senate adjourned.
Dr. Russcl called Mr. Kalauokalani as
Vice President to the chair. The home
rule leader complied. Dr. Russel angrily
declared that his purpose in requesting
the chair to be filled v/as to bring charges
of contempt against the Senators who had
refused to come back. In violation of the
rule empowering less than a (juorum to
summon the attendance of absent mem
bers. After some desultory talk a sug
gestion that nothing could be done in the
absence of a quorum was adopted by the
Vice President declaring the Senate ad
journed. ...
FINDS PARADISE
FOR SPORTSMEN
CARDINAL'S HAT
FOR CHAPELLE
ENCOUNTER MAD
MULLAH'S HORDE
SAN DIEGO, June 17.— Mrs. Ellsworth S.
Sutton, widow of the late Dr. Sutton,
committed suicide here this morning by
forcing a pair of scissors into her heart.
She had been suffering from despondency
f or several months and at times showed
signs of insanity.
A son of the deceased woman Is a
prominent resident of St. Louis.
a Physician's Widow Stabs Her
self in the Heart. '¦'¦ "-
While Suffering From Despondencv
searched his room at a Redlands hotel nu
merous blank bank checks from different
Southern California towns were found se
creted between the bed linjn. King is
about S5 years of age. He went to Red
lards a week ago and said he was an
electrical promoter and was in California
in the interest of Chicago capitalists.
m
WOMAN ENDS EER. LIFE
WITH PAIR OF SCXSSOItS
Weds an American Girl.
PROVIDENCE. R. I., June 17.— Hon.
William Beresford, son of the late Lord
Decies of England, and Miss Florence
Miller, dauphter of Dr. Gardiner" T. Mil
ler of this city, were married at noon to
day at St. Stephen's -Episcopal Church by
Rev. George M. Fisk, the pastor.
ASKS NEW TRIAL
FOR MOLINEUX
Counsel for Defendant
Severely Arraigns
Prosecution.
BUFFALO, June 17.— The Court of Ap
peals to-day heard the first argument for
a new trial for Roland B. Molineux, the
young New Yark clubman, athlete and
chemist, under sentence of death for poi
soning Mrs. Katherine J. Adams In De
cember, 1S5S. Mrs. Adams was the unin
tended victim of a plot, veiled by the use
of the American post, to take the life of
Harry Cornish, manager of athletic
sports.
Judges Parker, Vann, Bartlett, Gray,
O'Brien, Haight and Werner, in their
gowns of black, sat upon the bench to
hear the famous case, and at the counsel's
table were ex-Senator David B. Hill, who
holds the brief of the people, %and John G.
Milburn, president of the Pan-American
Exposition, who espouses the cause of the
young prisoner at Sing Sing. With Hill
fat Assistant District Attorney Le Bar
bier of New York, and grouped about
Milburn were Georg-e Gordon Battle and
Barlow S. Weeks, who defended Molineux
at his trial; General ; Leslie Molineux,
father of the prisoner, and David N. Ca.r
valho. handwriting expert, who advised
the defense. Many more than the court
room would hold crowded into the cor
ridors to hear the etory of ' the almost
fascinating crime linked with the mys
tery of the death of Henry C. Barnett.
The officers of the court barred the outer
doors and admitted the favored ones by
a rear entrance. Milburn for the appel
lant talked during- the entire session of
the court, gaining a hearing at 10:30
o'clock, when a civil case closed, and
speaking until 2 o'clock, when the court
arose for the day. He has another hour
to speak, it being agTeed that each side
should have four hours, and concludes in
the morning.
Senator Hill sat throughout the entire
speech without an interruption that
called him to nis feet.
ililburns address of three and one-half
hours' duration was directed largely to
the alleged error of the lower court in
admitting evidence as to the death of
Heny C. Barnett, and he spared neither
Recorder Goff, the trial Judge, for his rul
ings on evidence, nor the District Attor
ney's staff for its methods in securing the
admission of evidence. He spent nearly
two hours in a review of the known facts
of the two cases, and sought to show
what he described as the llimsv fabric
upon which the entire case rested.
CANNERS FLING
THE GAUNTLET
Demands of Northwest
ern Fishermen Are
Refused.
Great Strike Is Certain and
Serious Trouble Is
Feared. .
Special Dispatch to The Call.
VANCOUVER, B. C. June 17.-A11 ne
gotiations were ended and the joint meet-
Ing between canners and fishermen broke
up this afternoon finally after another at
tempt to settle the threatened strike.
The result of Saturday's meeting of the
Fishermen's Union was to hold out for
12H cents for the season. This was form
ally submitted to the canner* this after
noon and quickly declined. The canners
emphasized the trouble of the situation
by withdrawing all concessions previously i
made and declining to consider any fur- !
tner propositions. To-night representative
men on both sides look for a strike the j
moment the season opens and say that i
trouble cannot possibly be avoided. '
The Japanese working on the river had
ft . separate meetinc to-day and declared !
generally In favor of accepting the pro- j
posal of the canners. Details will be gone j
into at a later meeting. The Japanese :
were expected to stand with the white t
fishermen, at least up to the commence- '
ment of the run and their present action
was not expected. There are over SOtM >
Japanese on the river, and those, with a ]
few white men. would be * uffieient to I
supply the canneries in the event of a j
heavy season's pack. Both parties left I
to-day's* conference In high temper and I
it is unlikely that negotiations will be re- I
newed.
EARL RUSSELL
UNDER ARREST
Nobleman Who Married
in Reno Accused of
Bigamy.
Arraigned in a London Police
Court and Remanded
¦ on Bail.
LONDON, June 17.— Earl Russell was
arrested to-day on a : charge of having
contracted a bigamous marriage in the
United States. The Earl was met at the
railway station on his arrival f rora the
country by detectives with a warrant and
was taken to the Bow-street Police Court,
where he was formally charged. The no
bleman appeared to be quite unconcerned.
While Earl Russell awaited in the ante
room the summons to appear before 'the
magistrate the woman whom he married
in America joined him. When the case
was called a representative of the public
prosecutor said the prisoner was charged
with feloniously marrying Mrs. Mollle
Somervllle, daughter of the late George
C. Cooke of Combarnauld, Scotland.
The prosecution proceeded to outline the
Earl's marriage to Mabel Scott (his first
Countess), the separation, his subsequent
disappearance from England with a
neighbor, Mrs. Somerville, and the discov
ery that he tend Mrs. Scmerville were to
gether at Reno, New On April 14, 1900,
Earl Russell obtained n license to marry
Mollie Cooke, otherwise Mrs. Somerville,
In Nevada, and a Judge performed the
ceremony on April 15.
The prosecution announced that the Ne
vada District Judge, Mr. Koehler, and
witnesses of the marriage had arrived in
England to prove the ceremony.
Counsel for the defense intimated that
Earl Russell, having secured a divorce in
America, believed his subsequent mar
riage was legal. They pointed out that
the prosecution omitted mention of the
divorce proceedings instituted by hl3
lordship in America...
The Earl wns remanded «in £2000 ball.
In the event of a conviction the case will
be taken to the House of Lords, as Earl
Russell Is entitled to a trial by his peers.
DAMAGES DENIED
IN ITATA CASE
Vessel Was LawfullyJDe
tained, Says Claims
. Commission.
WASHINGTON, June 17.— The United
States and Chilean Claims Commission
completed its work to-day. The last case
to be decided was that involving the seiz
ure in 1S91 of the Chilean vessel Itata by
the authorities of the United States on
the ground that she was carrying a cargo
of contraband arms to Chile. The claim
was £44,051 with interest, and was made
by the South American Steamship . Com
pany, which had chartered the ship to
the Chilean Government. The decision
to-day dismisses the case. Minister Pioda
of Switzerland, president of the commis
sion, and Mr. Gage, the American Com
missioner, agreed in this, while Mr. Vi
cuna of Chile dissented. The commission
sums its finding as follows:
First— That the i damages alleged by the
plaintiffs were -not occasioned by any unjus
tifiable action on the part of the " United
States; that the Itata was not pursued by the
naval authorities of the United States upon
the high seas into Chilean water, induced to
surrender by display of superior force and
brought back under duress. "
Second — That the Itata was voluntarlly
placed at the disposal of the United States by
the provisional government of Chile.
Third— That there was probable cause for the
detention of the Itata at San Dleeo by the
authorities of the United States and there
fore no wrong was done.
Fourth— That the claimant has brought suit
in the courts of Chile against the Govern
ment of Chile to recover damages upon the
identical claim that is here set up against
the United States; that the company has re
covered Judgment thereon and that these Judg
ments have been paid to the company by the
Government of Chile. The case must there
fore be dismissed.
Another important case decided to-day
was that of the Central and South Amer
ican Telegraph Company against Chile,
growing out of a tax of 2 cents a mes
sage levied during the uprising of 1891.
The commission awarded $4000 damages.
During the sessions of the commission
there have been seventeen cases against
Chile and two against the United States.
The total of American claims against
Chile was $3,400,000 and of this $28,062, or
.0S4 per cent, has been awarded by the
commission. The two Chilean claims
aeainst this Government were the -Itata
case, disposed of to-day, and that of
Richard Trumbuli; who was awarded
$3000 for services to the United States Le
gation in Chile in an extradition case
some years apro.
THE SAN-vFBANCT^
Sincerity of the Island Executive Is Questioned in the Introduction
of a Resolution of Inquiry by a Member of the Legislature,
Who Desires to Know When He Will Resume Office
DEMANDS THE REASON FOR GOVERNOR
DOLE'S LONG ABSENCE PROM HIS POST
read/which recommended preserving the
National Guard, but upon a more eco
nomical basis. After the reading a mo
tion to adjourn came from the Republican
side. It was put to a show of hands, and,
although apparently lost, the President.
Mr. Kaiue, declared it carried and would
not take a .revote. The Republican mem
bers quickly bolted, accompanied by the
home-rule President, and when those re
maining sent the sergeant at arms after
the deserters it was in vain. Those over
taken'by .the officer refused to return on
the ground that the President had de-
5
ADVERTISEMENTS.
DR. GROSSMAN'S SPECIFIC MIXTURE.
Fcr the cure of GONORRHEA. GLEETS.
6TRICTURES and analogous complaints of tna
Organs of Generation. ¦ i
Price V- a bottle. For. sale by druggist*.
COMPANY'S EXTRACT
of Beef makes the difference
between a flat, flavorless dish
and a tidbit that would tempt
the most jaded appetite in the
world. %# «& " ifejs *£» t^:.
jf jt ¦
* ¦¦¦! '- ' JPIM ' ''
% The big store's sale of short ends and odd lots has 'of £
$ necessity become a monthlv event. OAany thousands of J
J[. 1 remnants have accumulated since May jth, the date of 5
$ our last sale. They take tip valuable §pace and inter.- {j
| fere with the sale of regular goods. They must go — j*
jf ' every piece to-day, if possible — hence thesi Jk
| further cuts on the already %
f reduced prices* . |
te Laces— Embroideries — In the midst of this greatest S
\jff,\ lace season tor years we find ourselves heavily overstocked with remnants {£
K and short lo*s of laces, embroideries and all kinds of trimming materials. S
i£ „ . ¦ To-day only, onB-tMrd off a'ready reduced remnant price3. '%
j£» There arc remnant) of
ti ¦ Dress Trimmings Dre-s Braids Yokings — Chiffons laces Rufflings, etc. )f
*>* Spang'ed N:ts Liberty Si.ks Tosca Nets Embroideries Cushion CorJs S
*? Ls»nn Robias — Net and spang'ed robes, about 2 drzen {j
•£ very be autiul ones,, to-day only, one- third off marked prccs. !*
% Ribbon Remnants — 2000 or more short lengths, com- S
K Uprising ail widths and kind*, and almost all colors; lengths from I to zj£ ••
If yards; to-day only, One~qU8i*teP off a'ready reduced remnant >j
J> « prices. • " jj
5 Veiling Rpmnanis— More than 1 000 short lengths %
S in an. almost limitless variety of style3; to-day only, ong-tjuartor $
•[ Off already reduced prices. J«
jf Curtains and Draperies — Hundreds of short jf
f lengths ot denims, curtain, Svvis?, curtain net, cretonne, bur'aps, furniture
tapestry, si'k damask, sateens, silkolines, Madras, velours and Orientil "<«
Jt stripes, all marked ior Tuesday sale at a further reduction of one~
]£ quarter off. !j
£ Wash Goods — Hundred of short lengths (*nany of j«
IC them long enough for full suits — 10 or 1 2 yards) of every sheer and dainty §
ii wash fabric that is in popu'ar favor this season; on special sa'e to-day Js
j£ (Tuesday) only at onSmtfUarter off already reduced prices. *J|
§ SUk Remnants — Hundreds of the most desirable |
kinds — plain checks and striped color taffetas, printed warp tafFetaa and
*£* Louisines, foulards and India silk; also plain black p:au de so"e taffeta and 5*
tf duchesse, the lengths suitable for waists, linings, ruffiings, trimmings, etc. j|
% Special Tuesday only, Cite- quarter off marked prices.
K P^ 6®8denRaBe Bazaar. «§ *
£ CALIFORNIA'S LARGEST-AMERICA'S GRANDEST STORE. jg
*•* • 3»
THE EMPORIUM.
THE EMPORIUM.
Your eyes c^^ n o^^pS^^
beara stroiv? light f^ J£l
¦without squinting
or if they pain you while
gazing at any object or
while reading, there is no
doubt but that you need
eyeglasses — good ones., of
course
I Our eyeglasses will cor-
rect the defect, because
they are made in accord-
ance with the most suc-
cessful methods of manu-
facture.
\ §TAHl)ABJ>©PTj£fll€O.\
1 AND this ereai Train 1
j| > runs but twice 1
I THURSDAY rigr 1
S TUp Leaving at 9 rn, I
« tt arrives in 0
i nil Brnniiii ChlC2 z° al 2 - 13 h
HIFOIffl -~ I
a LI its IS Lei Its hltfd standard B
rsjj efssntMls i
1 « M ' fulij maintained. |
Efi ' EhThe Kansas City woman. who killed her husband
and added horror to the act by kicking the dead body
in the face is discrediting the current theories of mur
der as a fine art by showing signs of emotion at the
trial.
A Georgia negro recently applied to an attorney
to collect $10 due him by another darky, and when
asked why the debtor didn't pay, he explained: "He
says he has been owing me that money so long that
the interest has done eat up the principal, and now.
he don't' owe me anything." As a new way of pay
ing old debts that takes the cake.
American sovereignty has brought trouble as well as
a pension to the Sultan of Jolo. He has long collected
a tax from the pearl fishers in the waters around his
islands, but now foreign corporations have bought up
the fisheries and are working them with improved ap
pliances, and to the Sultan's disgust they refuse to
pay the tax. This is the first time the Sultan ever ran
up against a tax shirker, and he appears to be losing
sleep over it
Justice Harlan is a brave and learned judicial of
ficer, and has that independent spirit which is needed
on the bench, where judicial courage is of the highest
importance. It is probable that he would be the last
man to consent to invade and destroy the history and
traditions of that bench.
Among the many feather-headed and harmful
propositions for which Mr. Bryan is responsible this
is probably the worst and is conceived in the most
reckless spirit.
It is among the laws unwritten in American public
life that it is not well to tempt Judges with that great
prize as a reward for their judicial action. No one
has ever accused or suspected McLean, Chase or Field
of sophisticating their judicial action from any such
motive, but it is easy to see that when the road from
the bench to the Presidency is once opened the effect
¦will be that some on the bench will keep half an eye
on the law and an eye and a half on popular applause,
' to the degradation of the court.
He favors Harlan because he thinks his decisions
are popular. The people have never taken kindly to
the proposition to look on the Supreme bench for
Presidential timber. Justice McLean of Ohio was
talked of as the Republican candidate in i860, but it
was more to conciliate the old Whig element than
for any other purpose, and the proposition made no
headway against Lincoln. After the close of the
Civil War Chief Justice Chase was taken up by cer
tain elements in the Democratic party, and himself
promoted his candidacj- in 1868, but the movement did
not become popular. David Davis was looked upon
for a time as Presidential timber, but.never got near
being nominated In 18S0 and 1884 the South, in
gratitude for his decisions on the reconstruction
measures, favored the nomination of Justice Field,
and he came nearer the nomination than any other
member of that court. It is believed that if Califor
nia had given him a united support he would have
succeeded. It is not probable that the elements which
•were in his favor will ever again be so combined as
to come as near overcoming the popular indisposition.
HARLAN FOR PRESIDENT.
MR, BRYAN lias recommended the nomination
of Justice Harlan as the Democratic candi
date for President The trifling fact that the
Justice is a Republican does not seem to affect Mr.
Bryan's choice. That is natural, however, for the
party nominated him, though he was a Populist and
not a Democrat.
The Populists of Kansas and Nebraska-appear tobe
quitewilling to accept Bryan as a standing candidate
and they are not unwilling^ to >'fus<with the Democrats,
but what grinds them is the difficulty of finding some-
The, language of the letter is interesting. After
acknowledging a note from the Secretary informing
him that the members of the. Cuban commission
feared that the provisions relative to intervention
made in the third clause of the amendment may .'have
the effect of preventing the independence of Cuba, and
in reality establish a protectorate or suzerainty by the
United States, Senator Platt goes on to say:' "In re
ply. I beg to state that the amendment was. carefully
prepared with the object of avoiding any possible idea
that, by the acceptance thereof/- the* constitutional
At the time of the conference of the Cuban envoys
with the War Department on the subject of the
amendment Senor Capote is said to have obtained
from Secretary Root, under promise to treat it as con
fidential, a letter written to the Secretary by Senator
Platt stating the meaning and intent of his amend
ment. .Instead of holding the letter in confidence the*
Cuban gave it out for publication' on his arrival at
Havana, and it is said that the adoption.of the amend
ment by the constitutional convention was due to the
fact that a majority of the members construed -it as
a declaration of the intentions of the United States
Government. :
WHILE the recent acceptance of the
Platt amendment by. the Cuban constitu
tional convention would seem on its face to
put an end to any further controversy on the subject,
it appears from later reports that the means by which
the adoption was brought about may give rise to a
good deal of friction between ourselves and the Cu
bans before their government is permanently estab
lished and our army withdrawn. '. ,
THE PL ATT AMENDMENT.
.Lord Kitchener^ has. killed a few more Boers and
captured several others. His method of conducting
the war is slow, but it seems sure, and. his military
bands might as well play the song of the sexton, "I
gather them in." * *
", DECORATION . DAY — W. \ T. V.; City.
Decoration or Memorial day, was set apart
by .those who inaugurated It as a day to
reverence < the memories* of ,:.» those, ¦-: who
served In the; civil: war and passed away.
It being a day^of respectfor the deadMt
Is V proper , that flags should be displayed
-BASEBALL CURVE— T. D., City. : The
curve of a 1 baseball after it leaves- the
hand of the 'pitcher is the- result "of the
manner; in which the ,wrist is ¦t'urne.d- at
the - time of - pitching. The .; ball i moving
forward with a rotary motion compresses
the air. on the side twisting forward and
creates .. a partial - vacuum on h that; side
twisting backward. vThe compression of
the.' air forces ¦ the * ball gradually to the
side and it takes the course of the curve,
the course being in the direction 1 in- which
the front of the ball is' twisting. r
HALF-CENT OF : 1804— H. B., San Jose,
Cal. There .were .five. kinds of half-cents
of the United States issued in 1804. : There
are what is known among numismatists
as the plain 4, same with stemless wreath,
crosslet 4, crosslet with stem, and r crosslet
with protruding tongue and chin. <¦ These
are offered for sale at prices varying from
30 cents to ?1. If the. United States Treas
ury- Department has not a. coin of ' that
date' it j can procure , any number from
dealers." ' ¦ , . ¦ • -' '¦',; '¦¦
OLD COINS— G, L., City. There are a
number of old coins for which dealers in
such will pay a. premium. ¦Without a full
description of each coin it is Impossible
to tell if they command any premium. 'A
Spanish dollar, or eight reales. Is quoted
b" dealers at $1 75 to $2 25. You might
take a walk along Montgomery street
and there you will find a number of
brokers who deal in old coins. -To' such
you might subr It your collection for ap
praisement.
THE SAMOAN ISLANDS— S. J. B.,City.
In the partition of the islands in the
South Seas Germany secured Upolu and
Savaii, and the United States Tutuila— all
in the Samoan group, Great Britain re
ceiving Germany's rights in* the Tongan
Islands in return for a surrender of her
claims in Samoa.
BRITISH INDIA— Enq., City. The ex
penditures of. the revenues of British
India is subject to the control of the Sec
retary, of State for; India in council, who
also conducts Indian business transacted
In England. ;
NO PREMIUM— M. M. B., Oakland, Cal.
None of the several .coins named in letter
of inquiry command a. premium. -
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
at half-mast. It was never intended a3
a day. of rejoicing, although many have
taken advantage of It as a legal holiday
to turn it Into a day for sports and amuse
ments. To raise the flag to the masthead
on that day would be to indicate that the
celebrants rejoiced that the old soldiers
were dead.
EBEN HOLDEN-M. G., City. In reply
to the inquiry as to from what the Idea
in Eben Holderf about the blind sailor
Riggs declaring that his blindness 'might
be only a dream, H. G. H., a friend of
this department, suggefts that the idea
may have been taken from the following
translated quotation from the writing
of an ancient Chinese philosopher, Chuan
"I slept and dreamed I was a butterflv
how do I know that I am not a butterflv
dreaming I am a man?" . eruy
RAG TIME— E. G. S., Livermore. Cal
"Rag time," as applied to music was a
name given \ by a vaudeville performer a
few years ago to the music of the colored
people. He Introduced It as a feature at
one of the vaudeville shows. It is svnon
pation of music and when he applied that
name to It it became popular. - SyncoDa'-
H 01 ? ln 5\ usl ° I s th £ act - Process or result
of Inverting: the rhythmic accent by be
ginning a tone or tones on an unaccented
beat or pulse and sustaining such on IS
accented one so that the proper emnhl
sis on the latter is more or less tran^"
f 2 rred back or anticipated. SynconStiIf«
may occur wholly wfthln a measure P™
may extend from measure to meMure.
BUCKSKIN-G. L. G., Elk Creek Cal
Buckskin was originally made by treat
ing deerskin In a peculiar manner but
now.it is usually prepared f rn m L
to remove the hair steerfed ?r, are llmed
ing and smoothing . process " T? rf A, d 1 ry "
skin: -? make sood buck-
Owing 'to ; ,the competition of, foreign farms, the
land of Great Britain hardly pays; for any kind of
farm cultivation. Of late experiments have been made
in the way of intensive cultivation of small | plots in
the v growing; of. vegetables, small, fruits and berries,
and the breeding of chickens;- and the results are said
to" be profitable and promising/ 'Rural England may
therefore become literally -a garden. That, however,
cannot be. accomplished under the. present landlord
system, and there . is already a movement' for ; the en
actment; of legislation designed to encourage 'the
breaking up of big estates. . . . ¦ .¦
In 1870 we imported fourteen eggs per head of popu
lation; now we import forty-four,: although the home
supply has gene up considerably. Thirty: years ago we
only imported 4.2 pounds of dead meat per head; now it
Is 43.9 pounds, an increase of 945 per cent. Cheese has
exactly doubled, butter, has gone' up from 4.3 pounds per
head to 11.7 pounds, and wheat and wheat flour from 132
pounds; to 243 pounds. Evidently we have a much bet
ter fed working population than that of a generation
ago.- ; : ¦ " : .- ' ; . V- , . 0. . ¦ :. ; . -,.. ¦ .. : ¦' ¦¦¦ ; : ¦;.. • ,-..-. . .,
Some of the figures of imports of food supplies are
interesting. • The Westminister Gazette in reviewing
the report says: — " ; V
The smaller acreage devoted to ] farming and the
decline in the yield per acre did not in any way affect
the food supply of the ; people. The kindgdom is
now so well furnished with all kinds- of food stuffs
from foreign countries that the home production cuts
but little figure in i he market. It appears in fact
from the report that the year was a good one for
consumers arid that the people were sufficiently pros
perous to live better than ever before in recent times.
FROM a 'summary, published in ,the /London
papers of the recently issued annual .report of
the British Board of Agriculture, it appears the
past year was an exceptionally bad one for the farm
ers of 'the kingdom. It is stated that almost every
crop yielded less per acre than in the previous year.
The cultivation of wheat continues to. decline, the
area devoted' to that crop in 1900 being 156,000 acres
less_ than in 1899. The acreage of other cereals re
mained about the same as in the previous year, with
the exception that there was a sufficient increase in
the area' devoted to oats to account for; more than
half the land withdrawn from wheat.
BRITISH FOOD SUPPLIES.
Russia has raised the 'jmport duty on American
bicycles 30 per cent. This may be a delicate compli
ment paid to the value of our wheels, or it may be
a measure of self-protection on the part of the. Rus
sians. :
Choice candies, Townsend's, Palace Hotel*
CaL glace fruit 50c per lb at Townsend's.*
.Best eyeglasses, specs., 10c to 40c. Look
out front of barber and grocery, 81 4th. •
Special information supplied daily to
business bouses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's*. 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
Insanity has for years been on the in
crease In Ireland; and a medical commis
sion declares that the Increase of Insanity
and melancholia Is largely due to exces
sive tea drinking.
- - ,¦¦¦ t
Dr. Sanf ord's liver Invigorator.
Best Liver Medicine, VegetableCure for Liver Ilia,
Biliousness. Indigestion, Constipation, Malaria.
, Many petty trade-mark pirates trade on repu
tlon of Dr. Slearert's Angostura Bitters, un
equaled South American tonic. Refuse Imitation.
On June 30 there were under construc
tion In Great Britain, by Lloyd's Register
499 vessels, with a gross tonnage of 1,265 -
313, against 568 a year ago, with a toanajr'a
of 1,386,367. .
Of course if such a scheme be designed it will not
be undertaken in the. crude way that. was adopted in
the division of Poland. Diplomacy has become more
subtle than it was. The movements on Korea and
Manchuria would be made very slowly.. By a gradual
process "Russia would have paramount influence in
the one and Japan in the other, and at last it would
come quite as a matter of course that the annexations
should take place in much the same way as the re
cent annexation of Finland as an integral part of the
¦Russian empire. ,
Should such an arrangement be made there would
be an interesting problem before the concert of Eu
rope. Russia has been held back from despoiling the
Turk, but could she be held back from despoiling the
Chinaman, if Japan were united- with her?
There is nothing of improbability in the story. The
ease with which rival nations can compound their
quarrels as soon as they perceive an opportunity to
despoil another nation by acting in concert is well
known. Diplomacy has understood that method of
establishing peace ever since the. days when Russia,
Austria and Prussia settled all their old feuds by the
easy plan of uniting to destroy and dismember Poland.
Consequently, since the eastward movement of Rus
sia is a menace to Japan, and since the antagonism
of Japan would be dangerous to Russia's- designs on
China, it is but natural it should have occurred to
some astute statesman and peacemaker that the best
thing to be done for the sake of avoiding war is to
divide Manchuria and Korea between them. . .
REPORTS of the mutual jealousy between Rus
sia and Japan and rumors of probable war in
the near future have been "common ever since
Japan defeated China and Russia took possession. of
Port Arthur. European diplomacy. has now another
tale to tell. It is said there are' reasons for believing
that the Mikado, and the Czar have found a basis of
conciliation and harmony, and that their Govern
ments are negotiating an agreement by which Japan
is to permit Russia to have a free hand in Manchuria
and Russia is to consent to let Japan direct and con
trol the affairs of Korea. ; .
RUSSIA AND JAPAN.
A Glasgow gentleman recently recom
mended to the notice of a city merchant
a young fellow who was looking tor a
clerkship. Some few days later they
met again, and the gentleman asked If
the selection had proved a wise one.
"Not at all." replied the merchant.
"Dear me!" said the other. "I thought
he would have suited you down to tho
ground— so full of go."
"Yes," responded the merchant, "he
was too full of go. Why, he's clean
gone, and £1000 of my money, too."
"You don't say so! Why, I thought he
was exactly the fellow you were looking
for."
"So he is," was the emphatic reply—
"so he Is." — London Answers.
His Training.— "How did Spudkins get
his appointment as brigadier general? I
never knew that he was connected with
tho army."
"On r yes; by marriage. His brother-in
law Is a United States Senator."— Town
and Country.
Never Suspected Themselves.— "They
don't have such, plays as we used to see
when I was a boy," said the prosperous
looking citizen.
"No," answered his rotund companion.
"And audiences are different, too. All
tho people I know want to sit In uphol
stered chairs and have suppers after the
play instead of sitting in the gallery and
eating peanuts for art's sake, as we used
to do." )
"Yes, yes. It's- queer how the public
will change in a short time, isn't It?*'—
Washington Star.
Too Much— The Young Man— I suppose,
sir, that when I become formally engaged
to your daughter you will admit me as a
member of the firm.
The Father— Well, I don't know. I don't
feel as If I could afford the expense oZ
botb. of these things Just now. — Detroit
Free Press.
Cora— What would you like me to get
you for- a birthday present, love?
Merrltt— A cigar case, my dear. Since
we became engaged I can never find an
unbroken cigar In my vest pocket.— Judge.
She— Don't let my refusal of your pro
posal embitter you. Mr. Simpklna.
He— Oh, no; after all, it Is somethlns to
have been even rejected by a girl who
owns a $500 dog.— Detroit Free Press.
A CHANCE TO SMILE.
It is a dull week in New York in these days that
doesn't see a new railroad deal, but unfortunately the
deals do not extend nor improve the roads. In fact
none, of them seems to be a deal so much as a mere
shuffle of, the stock. . ,- V. .,
following Calif ornlans are registered here:
At St. James — Mrs. R. Dollar. Mlsa Dollar,
W. A. Jacobs, J. W. Erwin; at Metropoli
tan—John R. Altken and wife and the
Misses Altken; at Raleigh— C. H. Sher
man. G. M. Levlne: at WUlards— A. H.
Taylor; at Rlggs— J. B. Eldridge; at Eb
bitt—Joseph Nusto, wife and daughters;
at National— *t. O. Lincoln, all of San
Francisco.
CALIFORNIANS IN WASHINGTON
WASHINGTON, D. C, June 17.— The
To sum up . this necessarily most short
and incomplete account of British colonial
policy, we find that the two chief points
are the willingness to adapt the govern
ment to suit special cases and the en
couragement of trade by hqlding open the
customs door and granting equal trading
rights for all merchants. In the past the
former was the more important point, but
now, alas, that each administrator is tied
to the Colonial Office by the cable, much
of its value has departed. It is this mel
ancholy red tape cable which causes one
to welcome the assistance of chartered:
companies and private enterprise.
So long as Great Britain holds to free
trade and adaptation she will be success
ful and worthy of being followed.
Two Chief Elements of Success.
In the Malay archipelago Great Britain
has had to deal with many of the ele
ments of trouble with which the United
States is now face to face in the Philip
pines. .These she has successfully over
come and now has the satisfaction of
owning colonies at peace and growing: in
prosperity In the extreme.
The natives In the British colonies are
insured just laws and have the neces
saries of life provided for them at a rea
sonable rate. They are not allowed to
fight whenever the fit takes them, buc
must live orderly, well-behaved lives. In
several of the colonies Great Britain has
raised native regiments, notably for work
in the malarial African tropics. These
troops, led by white men, work splen
didly, and- afford a safety valve to the.
military ardor of races who for centuries
have regarded fighting as the amusement
most to be desired. If Great Britain were
a military power she could easily raise a
native army, large enough to enable her
to enforce her wishes on land as well as
on sea. However, she prefers to use the
natives as coolies or as tillers of the soil.
Who shall say her course is not a wise
one?
While Great Britain gives great lati
tude to the natives in her possessions, as
far 'as local affairs are concerned, she is
very particular that they shall acquire
no real ruling power, or at least no over
whelming voice in the ruling power. "When
the " native population outnumbers the
white in such great proportion as is usual
in Britsh colonies— non-self-governing— it
would be suicidal to follow any other
course until at least the natives have
reached a high level of education and civ
ilization. Until such a time it Is far more
judicious and kinder to protect them from
the results which would inevitably befall
if they were permitted to mislegislate be
fore they have learned even their A B C'a.
After a cautious training In local and mu
nicipal government they may bo allowed
in time to have a voice In the actual gov
ernment. In countries where there are
several differing native races it is mani
festly impossible to allow members of ono
race to govern others— such a course
would directly lead to risings and disturb
ance of the peace.
Natives and the'Buling Power.
Though it may be said that companies
are useful in opening up countries, there
is no doubt that they must ever be super
seded in those countries after a time by
British protectorates. Great Britain owes
much to the fact that the open door and
equal privileges for all merchants in her
territories, wnether of. her nation or not,
encourage trade to an enormous extent.
The trade may not be British trade, fre
quently now it is American or German
trade, but the colony prospers and devel
ops steadily. In these days, as in tha
past, there can never be successful phi
lanthropic colonization, even if any nation
were to attempt it. Colonization must
proceed by trade, just as steam is neces
sary for a locomotive. The end attained
may be very high and people may then
look down with infinite scorn upon trade;
nevertheless, it is always trade which has
made colonization successful. France has
tried to colonize by planting a flag and
having troops occupy more or less miser
able Imitations of Paris, and she haa suc
ceeded in having an annual drain upon
her rational income of enormous propor
tions.
The Policy of the Open Door.
SUCCEEDS AS A COLONIZER.
into colonies, adding, however, immediate
state protection— a doubtful advantage,
entailing, as It does, a certain amount of
state supervision.
. It must be very evident even to the
most unobservant citizen that there Is a
far greater - probability of rapid develop
ment for a new country under such, a
company than can be the case under di
rect British control. There are dividends
to be earned and shareholders' meetings
to be faced. It is necessary, that the
company shall be acquainted, and inti
mately acquainted, with their trading
ground and its inhabitants. Under state
control there is apparently no such ne
cessity for accurate knowledge. Of
course, there is always the possibility
that the company will abuse its powers
and neglect its obligations in the anxiety
to earn an extra per cent In dividends.
Such action, however, always brings its
inevitable punishment In the shape of re
duced privileges, so It is never likely to
become popular among companies.
COPTRH
XTO-WHY GREAT BRITAIN
There can be laid down no hard and fast
rules or general policy to. describe the
colonizing of Great Britain. With each
new colony new methods are employed,
yet they all -have as a foundation the
main, principle of adaptation— adaptation
of the government bo as to incorporate
air that is good and possible in the native
customs, and upon this stem to engraft
the buds of British progress and enlight
enment. To this policy England ." owes
much of her success in founding and
maintaining colonies. By colonies I mean
integral parts of the empire— not costly
advertisements of a colonial policy or
battlefields for the training of soldiers
and the massing of fortunes by con
tractors.
The Englishman who settles In new
territory regards it ' as so much land to
be developed and made" to bring forth the
maximum amount of valuable produce.
He retains many of his customs and
habits, but once settled he has every in
tention of remaining to enjoy the fruits
of. his labors/" England is always "home"
to him, even if he never visits it again,
in the same way as it Is always "home"
to colonial-born Englishmen and Eng
lishwomen. This feeling toward England
is one of the most pleasing features of
the silken bonds which hold the empire
so firmly together. In the Englishman
there is innate the kno\»ledge that he is
par excellence tfe pioneer and explorer
of the world, and that knowledge lifts
him up well above the natives whom he
has to rule. . It gives to the English that
sublime confidence In their powers ¦which
goes far to gain the confidence of the na
tive races. If you would gain the belief
of others you must first have belief in
yourself.
French, and German Colonizing.
-The Frenchman in his colonies seeks
ever to reproduce there the Paris of his
dreams; and for him there ever shines the
possibility of being able to return to that
city with a sufficient fortune to obviate
any departure from it in the future. Such
aspirations .may tend to the rapid acqui
sition of wealth, but they certainly, do
not help the development of the colony.
The Germans, on the other hand, seek
ever to introduce at once a system of
rigid military government, with a mili
tary governor and a strong garrison.
They turn the new colony as far as pos
sible into a recruiting ground. This meth
od is most successful in the thoroughness
with which it discourages German and
other merchants from establishing them
selves in German colonies.
British. Methods and Trade.
The British seek ever to encourage
trade in their new possessions and have
no desire to spend unnecessary money
upon warlike expeditions if they can ob
tain peace by reasonable incorporation of
native customs. The colonies of the
British empire are essentially business
concerns with very few exceptions. Pri
marily attracted by the opportunities of
successful trade, the British have been
forced, as that trade developed, to extend
their trading grounds. So long as this
was possible by peaceful methods,- such
methods were employed. I cannot say
that these- methods always redounded to
the credit of the traders, but it is certain
that, whatever . the acts of Individuals,
the central government was so anxious
for peace that it did not criticize too
closely the methods by which it waa
maintained. As the spheres of trade
grew \ larger j and larger, the aboriginal
tribes felt the inconvenience and Injustice
of losing their lands, even at a price, and
attacked the traders. Then followed ex
peditions, mobile, well organized and well
armed, resulting in the death of many
natives and the subjugation of the rest.
The terms enforced, however, were sel
dom hard and frequently the natives who
had fought against the white men were
almost at once' organized as native police
or native regiments to guard the trading
interests.
Examples of Trade Development.
In several instances the fact that the
British policy in colonizing is to develop
trade has received striking proof. »I re
fer to "those cases in which charters have
been granted to companies enabling them
to develop territories until such a time
as they were fit to be taken under Brit
ish protection. Such companies from the
time of the Great India Company have
generally succeeded in a marvelous man
ner and have gained for the British many
prosperous colonies and territories. In
recent years there have been the Royal
Niger Company, the North Borneo Com
pany and the British South African Com
pany. The first two have now given place
to British protectorates and eventually
the British South Africa Company, that
enormous creation of Mr. Rhodes, will
follow their example. That this system
of private colonization is good is proved
by results. The German Government
also, in several cases, has introduced it
By .Alfred Stead,
FELLOW OF THEROTAL COLONIAL INSTITUTE.
How Great Britain in Her Colonies Adapts
Native .Virtues and Customs to
; British Principles.
Prepared by Experts and Specialists for
1 • •; The San Francisco Gall.;
PAPERS ON CURRENT TOPICS.
, : : Of course the Cubans will eventually learn that the
administration can do no more ,than to carry out
the mandate of Congress, but before that is fully
learned there may be a good many complications. In
the meantime it is probable the Secretary of War has
learned that it is not safe to trust Cuban statesmen
with confidential communications or anything else
that is loaded. ¦ ' ' ¦ '
.- By reason: of the letter it seems the Cubans', or
some of them at least, came to the conclusion that the
United States army would be withdrawn as soon as
the constitution was adopted. The Washington corre
spondent of the Philadelphia Public Ledger says: "Tha
understanding here is that- Senor Capote,, the presi
dent of the convention, and one of the visiting Com
missioners, himself gave out the letter for publica
tion in Havana, and it is 'further charged that he did
so with the express intention to misrepresent the po
sition of this Government, and embarrass the admin
istration, if possible." ' •
convention . would thereby establish : a protectorate or
suzerainty, 'or in any manner whatsoever compromise
the independence or sovereignty v - of - Cuba; ; and,
speaking* for myself, it seems impossible that such an
interpretation can be : given to : the clause. ; I \ believe
that the amendment. should be considered as a^whole,
and it ought to^be clear on reading it that its_ well de
fined purpose is to secure and safeguard Cuban inde
pendence_and set forth at \ once a clear idea of -the
friendly jj disposition "of : the -United States toward the
Cuban, people, and the ; ( . express • intention on their
part to "aid them if necessary; in the'maintenance of
said independence. These are my. ideas, and, although
as you say I cannot speak for the entire Congress,, my
belief is, that; such a purpose was well understood by
lhat'bodyi" ' :' . " .
The Call, in the interest of the whole livestock in
dustry, raised the voice of warning long ago, and
foretold this most distressing situation, which threat
ens injury" to the stockmen, the transportation com
panies, the domestic consumer and the meat export
trade alike. The remedy is easy. Lease the ranges
and devote the proceeds to irrigation. . .
The Denver" Stockman admits that when the fences
are removed the situation will be unbearable, as it will
take but a short time to permanently destroy the
feed, leaving nothing for sheep or cattle. Sheep men
anticipate a glut in the market because sheep that
cannot be fed must be sold, and. cattle men foresee a
shortage in feed before the end of summer and the
expulsion of their herds from the range by sheep.
On Otter Creek, Wyoming, 2000 sheep have been
killed by driving them over a cliff, and the sheep men
at Sheridan are arming for war.
A citizen of Wyoming admits that the cattle men
have no defense left but their ; Winchesters. He
says: "Personally I am not in favor of that kind of
a fight, but there are plenty of men on the range
who are, and promise to kill every sheep man in the
State as soon as the word is given. The conservative
sheep men and cattle men are doing all they can to
prevent an open conflict," but the situation is growing
worse every day. It is the small cattle-owners and
farmers who are suffering the worst. The sheep mean
ruin for them, and they feel they have the moral
right to protect their range by force. The sheep men
arc fully as desperate. They are all struggling for
enough grass to keep their sheep alive, and they feel
that the public range is as much theirs as the cattle
men's. They are organizing, and while, they are on
the defensive now it will take but little to put them
on the other side of the game. We may stave off
trouble till the fences are all torn down, but after that,
look out for bloodshed."
Near Cheyenne, a cattle man rented a section of land'
and put 120 head of cattle on it. His stock was
driven off in the night by sheep men and so scattered
that he did not Tecover them.
In Gunnison County, Colorado, the sheep got
across the line and the Colorado fighters have killed
several thousand of them, first making prisoners of
the herders.
The railroads have promised not to bring any more
sheep into Colorado from the ranges that have been
fed out by them .in Southern Utah. But tens , of
thousands of sheep have been driven to the Colorado
line, which is patroled by an armed guard to keep
them out.
At Eaton and Lone Tree, Colo., the sheep men
are in a Winchester war with invading sheep men
from Wyoming.
At Pine Bluffs and Grover, in that State, the small
cattle-growers and farmers, finding themselves, likely
to be starved out by sheep, have assaulted three sheep
camps, burned the wagons and driven the sheep off
the range. »
In Star Valley, Wyoming, the cattle men are also
land-owners, as cattle men usually are, and the sheep
have fed the range bare to their fences. They have or
ganized in self-defense and sent a warning notice to
the sheep men, with the intention of offering armed
resistance. ¦ > , ~
The- cattle men in the Pecos Valley, New Mexico,
have been driven but by invading sheep and have re
treated, fighting. One, man has been killed in the
war.
A dispatch from Pierre, S. D., says that sheep are
pouring into, the Black Hills by 'ten's of thousands,
and the best cattle ranges are being occupied by them.
In consequence cattle men see their doom ; and are
selling their herds at a sacrifice or moving them on,
knowing that the range destroying sheep will over
take them wherever they go.
In this manner sheep first drove cattle from the
Oregon range, and now Mr. Mills, livestock agent of
the Oregon Railway and Navigation Company, says
that 2,000,000 sheep. will starve in Oregon this year
unless they are taken- elsewhere to feed. It is pro
posed to send them to the public ranges of Nebraska
and Kansas, where they will repeat the destruction
that has made impossible their maintenance in
Oregon.* -
Heretofore by drift fences and -various devices for
inclosing the arid. ranges on: the public domain the
stockmen have managed to .eontrorand preserve some
feed. But now.it is decided that these fences and in
closures are contrary to law, and the Government is
tearing - them, down and ; those . who used them are,
being criminally indicted. ; The cattle interest is the
principal sufferer, because the moment sheep are
driven on the range cattle leave it, as they will not
feed where sheep run. An actually free public range
means a range monopolized by sheep, and they soon
turn it into a'desert. V
THE Denver Stockman reports cattle receipts at
that point declined to only one-fourth the usual
number, arid attributes the shortage to the lack
of feed caused by destruction of the forage in the wild
scramble for the free range.
THE RANGE WAR.
Hoo Kem Hlng. president of the Hop
Wo Company, arrived on the Hongkong
Maru yesterday. ¦'•
S. Lewek, proprietor of the United
States Hotel at Marysvllle, Is at the Cali
fornia.
M. R. Plalsted, editor of the Fresno
Democrat. Is at the California.
Dr. Gardner, superintendent of the Asy
lum for the Insane at Napa, and Mr3.
Gardner are staying at the California.
TV. Forsyth, a prominent raisin grower
of Fresno, is staying at the Occidental
with his family. -
Joseph "Welsabeln and F. J. Thomas,
mining men of Grass Valley, are staying
at the Lick.
Mr. and Mrs. R. S. Bother, accompanied
by Dr. R. S. Bother Jr., P. S. Bother.the
Misses Bother and Master Lewis Bother,
are registered at the Palace. Mr. Bother
Is a prominent merchant of Richmond,
Virginia.
Judge E. C. Hart and "W. M. Lowell of
Sacramento are staying at the Grand.
F. H. Farrar, a, prominent lawyer of
Merced, is at "the Grand.
W. F. Chandler and "W. G. Berry, oil
men of Selma, are at the Lick.
J. E. Hurley, general superintendent of
the Santa Fe, and C. r>. Spencer are her©
from Los Angeles and are registered at
the Palace.
John Toder and wife, tourists from Syd
ney, Australia, are at ths Palace.
PERSONAL MENTION.
THE SAN
TUESDAY... ./..... JUNE : 18, 1901
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, 1 Proprietor.
Hint* AH Cemmiiniattoni t« W. 8. LEAKS, Xutger.
MANAGER'S
fVDUlCJLTlOX OFFICE... Market and Third, S. B".
Telephone Press SOI.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson St.,
Telephone Press 2O2.
Delivered l»y Carriers, 15 Cents Per Weelt, '
Slnsrle Copies, 5 Cents.
Terms l»r Mail, Inelndlnjr Postage t
UAJI.T CALL Cnelndlnr Suncay). one year W.M
DAIX.T CALL Clncludlng Sunday). • months............... *-00
DAILT CALL, (lndoainr Sunday), S month........ 1.60
X>AXLT CALL— By Single Month «5e
WEEKLT CALL. One Tear •- l -°°
All postmasters are nnttaorlced to receive
.; v't snhscrlptlons.
Eacnple copies will be forwarded when requested.
Ifatl •ubacrlbers In ordering change of address should be
particular to elve both NEW AND OLD ADDRESS In order
to ineaje & prompt and correct compliance with their request..
OAKLAND OFFICE 1118 Broadway'
C. GEORGE KROGITESS.
Xutgtr roreign Adrtrtiting, Ktrqnett* Bclldlng, Chiotgo.
<Lcnt Distance Telephone "Central 2619.")
NEW TOHK CORRESPONDENT:
C C. CA11LTOS Herald Square
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE;
ETEPHE5 D. SMITH. ...... .30 Tribnne BnlldlnsT
JFEW TOHE NEWS STANDS:
Waldorf- Astoria Hotel; A. Brentano. SI Union Square;
Murray Hill Hotel.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Sherman House: P. O. News Co.; Great Northern Hotel;
Fremont House: Auditorium Hotel.
.WASmJfCTOX <D. C.) OFFICE... 1400 O S4 n K. W.
BIORTO.V 12. CRAKE, Correspondent.
BRANCH OFFICES 527 Montgomery, comer of Clay, open
entll >:30 o'clock. 100 Hayes, open until 9:30 o'clock. 633
McAllister, cpen until 9:30 o'clock. 615 Larkln, open until
1:30 o'clock. 1S41 Mission, open until 10 o'clock. 2361 Market.
corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock. 1096 Valencia, open
until 1 o'clock. 10C Eleventh, open until 9 o'clock. KW.
comer Twenty-second and Kentucky, open until 9 o'clock.
S08 Ftllmore. cpen until 9 p. m.
6
10 SUBSCRIBERS LE1YIRG TOWS FOB THE SDHHEB.
THF HITCHCOCK SCHOOL FOR
YOUNG MEN AND BOYS,'
. SAN RAFAEL. CAL.
Military Drill. Christmas Term Begins
REV. C. HITCHCOCK, Principal.
$02 Montgomery St.. San Francisco, Cal.
Lessons personally or by mail. Acknowledged by
official reporters, "best teachers, best system."
MISS M. G. BARRETT'S
SHORTHAND ACADEMY,
Leading Business College of the West,
21 Post St.. San Francisco. Cal.
Established Nearly 40 years. Open Entire Tear.
Write for SO-pa'gs catalogue (free).
MILLS COLLEGE AND SEMINARY.
CONFERS DEGREES AND GRANTS Di-
plomas; seminary course accredited to tha
Universities: rare opportunities offered ln mu-
sic, art and elocution: thirty-sixth year: fall
term opens Aug. 7. 1301. Write for catalogue
to MRS. C. T. MILLS. Pres.. Mills College
P. O.. Cal.
CALIFORNIA BUSINESS COLLEGE.
A THOROUGH SCHOOL.
Progressive, exceedingly thorough, finely
equipped departments: positions for frraduates.
305 Larkln st. Illustrated catalogue.
"¦ • R. L. DURHAM. President.
IRVING INSTITUTE
• Boarding and day school for girls, 2126 Cali-
fornia at. Accr-dited to the universities. The
next seoelon will bsjin Augr. 5. For Illustrated
catalogue address the principal
REV. EDWARD B. CHURCH. A. M.
ST. MATTHEW'S MILITARY SCHOOL,
Tlvoll— "Toe Toy Maker." !
Orphenm— Vaudeville.
Columbia— "Darcy of the Guards."
Alcarar— "Countess Valeska."
Olympla, corner Mason and Sddy streets — Specialties.
Chutes. Zoo and Theater — Vaudeville every afternoon and
evenins.
Fischer* s— Vaudeville.
Eutro Baths— Swimming.
Excursion to Los Gator — Monday.
AMTJSEMENTS.
Grand Opera-House — "Glsmonda,"
Central— "A Night at tbe Circus."
AUCTION SALES.
By G H. TTmbsen & Co. — Monday. June 24, at 12 o'clock.
Choice Property, at 14 Montgomery street.
Call •nb«crlb«ra contemplating t» rbsne* «t
reBl<Seaee daring: tbe summer months can haro
tkelr paper forwarded by mil to their new
••dresm »r notltyinc Tne Call Dnilneai Office.
T1k.tm pn,icr -will also be on sale at all isniMer
Vasorta aud Is represented by a. local agent la
¦U towns «n the coast.The regular meeting of the Knights of
St. Patrick was held 1 last evening, in
Pioneer Hall. The invitation from \ the
Knights of the Red Branch to attend the
reception to Colonel McBride on the 22d
inst. in Metropolitan Temple was carried
by unanimous vote. The secretary was
instructed to notify all members to at
tend the reception, for which tickets can
be procured from Jeremiah Deasy at 20
Sixth street.
Reception to Colonel McBride.
Marc Augenblick, liquor merchant, 1047
Market street, swore to a complaint in
Judge Mogan's court yesterday for the
arrest of Horace L. Poulin on the charge
of misdemeanor embezzlement. Poulin.
was a collector for Augenblick and is ac
cused of embezzling amounts aggregat
ing $45.
Poulin came Into notoriety about eight
een months ago, when Amy Murphy, a
telephone operator, committed suicide in
Golden. Gate Park because he had dis
carded her. The case caused considerable
excitement at the time, and Poulin: was
arrested, but subssequently discharged, as
no offense could be charged against him.
He left the city for New York, and
Augenblick says he took pity on him and
brought him back recently and gave him
employment.
POTTLIN IS WANTED FOB'
ALLEGED EMBEZZLEMENT
Wholesale Liquor-Dealer Accuses Him
of "Withholding Sums Aggre
gating $45. ,
City Attorney Lane was asked for an,
opinion whether the legislative act gov
erning the sale of street . railroad and
other franchises conflicted with the pro
visions of the charter, and if so which
controlled in this city.
The petition of M. Adrian King for a
franchise for a telephone system was re
ferred to the Judiciary Committee.
The act of the Legislature, approved April 11,
1S78, gave the Park Commissioners "all the
powers over Point Lobou avenue," as if the
same had "been originally a part of Golden
Gate Park." Section 4 of the act approved
April 4 says "that the board shall have full
and exclusive power to govern, manage and
direct the said j>arks and avenues."
Query— Are the parts of the franchises grant
ed November 6. 1878. running along Point Lobos
avenue, from Central to First avenue, and the
franchise of 1890, running along Point Lobos
avenue, from First to Fifth avenue, valid? >
Query— Is the franchise of November 6, 1878.
covering exactly the same ground aa the fran
chise of April 13, 1S77, with the additions of the
two blocks from Geary to Stockton street, a
valid one?
The oroiglnal franchise granted the Geary
street Itailroad for twenty-five years from
April 13. 1S77, commenced at Stockton street
and ran along Geary street and Point Lobos
avenue to First avenue, and thence to the park.
The following year another franchise for twen
ty-five years was granted, to expire November
6, 1903, commencing at Kearny street and run
ning along Geary street to Stockton and along
and covering the same streets as .the franchise
of the year previous. The extension of ¦ the
above was granted from September 17, 1899, to
run across Kearny street to Market. In 1890
a franchise was granted to expire November 6,
1903, along Point Lobos avenue, from First ave
nue to Fifth, and thence to the park.
The petition of the Richmond District
Improvement Association that S4000 be ex
pended to prepare plans for the acquisi
tion of the Geavy-street Railroad by the
city was referred to the Public Utilities
Committee, with a request that the City
Attorney inquire into the validity of the
franchises on Point Lobos avenue. After
asking- that the first special election for
the acquisition of the road be held in Sep
tember the attention of the board is called
to the following facts:
The ordinance repealing orders requir
ing street railway companies to provide
guarda for cars and dummies for tne pur
pose of preventing accidents and loss of
life and prescribing the character of life
guards or. fenders to be attached to street
railroad cars was finally passed. This al
lows the State law to govern and will
compel the companies to install adequate
safeguards.
Supervisor McCarthy, a member of the
committee, stated that most of the rail
way companies are not operating under
their original franchises, wmch stipulated
the amount of the license tax. McCarthy
said that the report of the committee
would be in favor of an increase.
City Attorney Lane's o'plnion holds that
where no license tax has been fixed in a
franchise granted to a street railway cor
poration It is within the power of the city
to" compel payment of such reasonable
license tax as the legislature of the mu
nicipality may prescribe. Where, how
ever, the franchise fixes the amount of
the license tax which* may be charged and
expressly denies to the municipality
power to increase such amount the board
then has not the power to increase the
license.
The ordinance Increasing the license on
street cars from $15 to $50 per annum was
reref erred to .the Committee on' License
and Orders by the Board of Supervisors
yesterday, and in accordance with an
opinion filed ' by the City Attorney it Is
probable that the bill will be recommend
ed for passage.
Municipal Ownership of the
. Geary-Street Road Ad
• - vocated.
City Attorney Holds the
Supervisors Have
Power.
CAR LICENSES
MAY BE RAISED
Alaska Packers' Association Says
That It Will Accept Asssssor's
Ultimatum.
The Alaska Packers' Association has
signified its intention to no longer resist
the payment of the franchise tax. Word
was conveyed to the Assessor yesterday
That all further legal proceedings would
be discontinued and the amount of the
assessment. $3250. will be paid into the
treasury within a day or two.
At the time Assessor Dodge levied the
tax on the franchises of it large number
at corporation* 5 , considerable opposition
was manifested, many of tne corporations
threatening to withdraw their principal
offices from the Stale. Among these was
the Alaska Packers' Association. A
northern port was to be selected as its
principal place of business and there the
outfitting of ships, gathering of crews
and purchasing cf 6upplies would be un
dertaken. After a. serious consideration
of the difficulties to be encountered and
the undisputed 1 advantages of San Fran
cisco as an outfitting point. It was de
cided to remain here.
"This action on thj part of the Alaska
Packers' Association, said Assessor
Dodge, "presages a change of base on the
part of other corporations which have
been resisting the payment of taxes as
sessed on their franchises. I would esti
mate from the Information that I have
received that taxes on assessed franchise
valuations of $3/>00.000 will be paid Into
the treasury. This •will materially in
crease the surplus in the treasury."
CORPORATIONS CHANGE BASE
REGARDING FRANCHISE TAX
FATHEE IS DYING ANT)
CHXLDKEN DESTITUTE
. —^— — — —
Olaf Anderson Grieves Life Away on
Account of the Loss of
His Wife.
Olaf Anderson, a' Norwegian, is slowly
grieving his life away in the house of a
friend, at 721 Minna street on account of
the death of his wife, and three little chil
dren, dependent on his earnings, are des
titute. 'The sad case has been reported to
the Society for the Prevention of Cruelty
to Children and Secretary White has the
matter under investigation.
Anderson came to this country from
Norway several years ago, brinering his
wife with him. He was sober and indus
trious and for some time prospered. His
wife finally became ill and the earnings of
long years of labor were spent in a vain
endeavor to restore her to health. Two
years ago she died, leaving her husband
with four children.
He was heartbroken and lost all inter
est in life. Except when urged to action
by his friends, he would sit all day brood-
Ing over his misfortune. He worked only
at intervals and then mechanically, with
no hope or spirit. Finally he became too
weak to work more and he has since been
cared for by the charity of his fellow
countrymen.
Anderson and his children were taken in
by John Hansen, but the latter is poor
and feels that he can no longer bear the
expense of two families. -Letters of
guardianship have been applied for and
the children will probably be placed in
some charitable institution.
JUBY SECTTB-ED FOB
THE McGLADE TRIAL
The Taking of Testimony Will Begin
This Morning' Before Judge
Burnett.
The fourth trial of Peter TV. McGlade
on the charge of forgery was commenced
yesterday morning before Judge A. G.
Burnett of Santa Rosa in Judge Cook's
court. Attorney Lennon represented the
defendant and District Attorney Byington
and Assistant District Attorney Deuprey
represented the people.
There was very little time wasted In se
curing the Jury. . Before the adjournment
at noon nine had been secured and the
other three were chosen during the after
noon. The Jurors are: W. Lowenbesg;
broker; R. E. Darbee, wholesale oyster
merchant; Thatcher Emery, retired cap
italist; L. Van Laak, broom manufactur
er; H. C. McClure, agent: George Kilpat
rick, retired capitalist; Jacob Schwerdt,
furniture dealer; J. P. Eklund. stationer:
Thomas Johnstone, secretary; Arthur
Deittle. merchant; James Gorie, and John
Williams. - • -
After the Jury was secured it was de
cided to continue the case till this morn
ing, when testimony will be heard.
Steals Clothes From Steamers.
Manuel Gestres was booked at the City
Prison by Detective Egan yesterday on
the charge of burglary. Saturday, it Is
alleged, he entered a room on the steamer
Sonoma and stole a suit of clothes, leav
ing his old suit in exchange.
With this board of directors and all
differences settled among the old stock
holders, all of the lawsuits settled and
dismissed, and Mr. Charles Newman, who
was the active factor in pushing forward
the work for the old company, again
swinging Into line to promote the success
of the new corporation, there Is little
doubt that the ship will take flight within
the next ninety days, and all of its stock
holders will reap the reward which they
are Justly entitled to for their persistent
efforts in pioneering and making a suc
cess cf this most impartant branch of
scientific navigation.
Now, however, the whole matter has
been amicably arranged by the sale of the
plant tc a new corporation. . organized for
that purpose, called the "California Aerial
Navigation Company," and the directors
of this company are in themselves a suf
ficient guarantee that the business will
be carried forward in such a manner as
will satisfy all parties concerned.
Mr. I. J. Truman of the Columbian
Banking Company Is president. Mr. Frank
W. Page of the Vulcan Smelting and Re
fining Company is secretary and the other
mrrnbers of the board comprise the fol
lowing gentlemen: Mr. George Graham,
Dr. Born, Mr. E. ll Sneli. Mr. Leo New
man. Mr. Oscar Menchen, Mr. William
LJruckman and Mr. Charles Stanley.
There have been good and sufficient
reasons, however, why this promise was
not kept. There is nothing at fault with
the mechanism or construction of the ship
itself, but financial difficulties Intervened
to delay its progress; the stockholders be
came diFFatisfUid with certain members of
the uoard of directors, and this difficulty
found its way into the courts. When this
happens all efforts to carry on an enter
prise must prove useless, and only time
wi!l serve to overcome the law'6 delays.
The public has been justly disappointed
on account of the. -ar.kept promises of the
Stanley Aerial Navigation Company to
construct its ship and rc&eem its pledges
to navigate the air, which it promised it
v.ould do in ths month of Hay.
All impediments in the way of its suc
cessful navigation are overcome.
The Stanley Airship Is Now Going
to Sail.
The board passed to print an ordinance
to pay three judgments lor $29,253 53, $13,
256 04 and $1609 10, respectively, to J. W.
Mackay and R. V. Dey on condition that
they pay certain taxes..- A judgment for
$11,142 71, secured fcy the First National
Bank for taxes paid under protest, was
also ordered paid.
The ordinance providing that certain
appropriations contained in the budget
for 1901-2 be exempted from the one
twelfth act in the charter was finally
passed, notwithstanding Brandenstem's
contention that such a course would be a
palpable violation of the charter.
The attorneys for A. M. Rosenbaum,
Joseph Brandenstein aud others petitioned
for the return of $323 44 paid under pro
test as taxes tor the interest and sinking
funds of the park, sewer, hospital and
school bonds, since declared invalid. The
petitioners say that "all moneys collected
under the invalid bond issue should, both
in law and equity, be refunded to the
parties paying the same who have taken
the prcper legal steps to protect them
selves."
Ask Return of Bond Taxes.
The Auditor and Treasurer were direct
ed to carry forward an unexpended bal
ance of $4657 in the telephone fund as
such, so that it will not foe diverted to the
surplus fund.
Sanderson desired to know if a demand
for $20 for sending Frederick Peterson,
an invalid, back to Utah should not be
paid out of the Mayor's contingent fund,
and his Honor replied tersely that the
fund was not subject to inquiry.
The demands of the Golden Gate Elec
trical Company for work done in court
rooms in the Hall of Justice were re
ferred to the Building Committee. The
demands are in the form of court orders
and the Finance Committee rejected
them.
Polk street, from Sutter to Jackson, with
asphalt or basalt blocks, at an estimated cost
of $10,300; north half of the crossing of Sixth
and Polsom streets with bitumen, $400; Pine
street, from Battery to Front, with basalt
blocks, $4000; Sacramento street, from Sansome
to Battery, basalt blocks, . $2700; Sacramento
street, from Front to Davis, basalt, $2700; Cali
fornia street, from Montgomery to Kearny,
basalt. J3000; Sixth street, from Folsom to
Howard, basalt, $1130; Sixth street, from Bry
ant to Brannan. basalt. $1300; Fifth street,
irom Folsom to Brannan, basalt. $5750; Front
street, from Vallejo to Pacific, basalt, $11,100.
A bill was passed to print, on recom
mendation of the Board of Works, order
ing paving as follows:
Street having Ordered.
The bill authorizing the Health Board
to expend an additional $1500 to cleanse
Chinatown was passed to print. Hotaling
objected, as he put it, "to cleanse one
man's house and not another's," but the
Mayor explained that the State was
spending $4 to fl expended by the city to
make Chinatown sanitary.
The Board of Supervisors yesterday
passed to print an ordinance granting an
extension of ninety days from June 27,
1901, to the Bay and Coast Railway Com
pany in which to expend the sum of $25,
000 in construction work on its proposed
line from this city to Santa Cruz. The
extension was granted because the Board
of Works notified the Supervisors that
the official grades on the proposed route
have not been fixed and the tracks will
cut into the naln outlet of the North
Point sewer. The board will establish
the grades in the meantime. Reed op
posed the extension because the road has
not fifty miles of track, as required by
the charter, and McCarthy also objected
because the company had not agreed to
substitute electricity for steam In the city
limits when deemed necessary by the
board.
Board Allows It Ninety
Days to Begin Con
struction.
Large Sum Will Be Expended
in Repairing Certain \
Streets.
BAY COAST LINE
GETS EXTENSION
Need Not Explain the
Excessive Salary
Outlay.
¦ •
Opposition to Special Permits
for Building Oper
ations.
e
• The resolutoin requesting the Board of
Works to render an account of the man
ner In which the funds set aside for its
use have been expended for the purpose
of ascertaining whether or no the peo
ple's money has been wasted by an ex
penditure for salaries out of all propor
tion to the work performed was Indefi
nitely postponed on recommendation of
the Finance Committee by the Board of
Supervisors yesterday.
Reed opposed the indefinite postpone
ment, claiming that It was Incumbent
on the Board of Works to tile a written
explanation of repeated charges deroga
tory to its administration. Brandenstein
eaid the adoption of the resolution would
be practically a recognition of the at
tacks, and the board was thus relieved of
the necessity of makinsr a defense.
.tiraridenstein objected to the passage
of the bill granting the Merchants' Cold
Storage Company a special permit to
erect a nine-story building on Lombard
street on the ground that it was in con
llict with the proposed building ordi
nance. He expressed himself opposed to
granting special permits as being vicious
legislation, and then voted in lavor of
me privilege, which was granted. Wilson
also unsuccesstully objected to a permit
lor the erection ot a buy window project
ing over the line of \v r ilham street by
J ur.n W iren. The Chutes Company was
granted a. permit to alter a building so
mat it may be used for a theater, after
israndenstein had inveighed against the
board's practice of violating Its own ordi
nances.
Building Height Ordinance.
The ordinance removing the limitation
on tne heigut of tireproof buildings on
streets more than lOu leet wide and desig
nating restrictions on other streets was
laic over for one week.
The Auditor was directed to apportion
the respective tunds and charge to
them the proportion of tne amounts by
wnkh they were benefited when protested
taxes amounting to $4S,261 38 were re
ceived Irom J. \V. Slacjcay, R, V. Dey
and the .First National Bank, which taxes
were put in juagment against the city.
The Auditor baa already prepared the
following segregations of the funds:
General fund, £^,770 20; librarv, $564 26;
school. ?4TS6 30; park. J2221 43; interest, $157 83;
tunking. fS8 £5; total. ?4u,€C2 69.
The San Francisco Gas and Electric
Company was awarded the contract to
light certain districts with gas at 9 cents
pt-r lamp and with electricity at 35 cents
l>er arc light. In outlying districts the
rate on arc lights was tixed at 2&A cents.
The Independent Electric Light and
Power Company received the contract to
lierht certain public buildings with elec
tricity at cents per liKw watt hours,
and the Equitable Gas Light Company to
light certain public buildings with gas at
'J* cents per 1U00 cubic feet.
Contract for Bookbinding.
The contract for bookbinding was
awarded to the Hayden Printing Com
pany, the lowest responsible bidder, not
withstanding the recommendation of the
Printing Committee that the bid be re
jected because the hrm was not In the
bookbinding business as provided in the
proposals. J. H. Barry stated that sev
eral of the bidders for printing had not
tiled a sufficient check as provided by the
charter. The bids were referred to the
Judiciary Committee to determine the
legal Questions involved.
The ordinance providing for the full ac
ceptance of Filbert street from Pierce to
Scott and Thirtieth Ftreet from Dolores
to Chenery was finally passed.
The Committee on Kqualization of As
sessments cf the Board of Supervisors
was authorized to appoint eight clerks
for a period of three weeks. Their names
are Thomas Conbay. Thomas Meagher,
"William Edgar. William. Magner, Frank !
E. Riordan. James J. Murray, James
Lynch and Samuel Hallowell.
The ordinance regulating the vacating
of unsafe and unsanitary structures was
re-referred to the Judiciary Committee.
The petition of E. M. Piercy that the
bids for hay be invited in June so that a
lower rate may be secured was referred
to the Hospital Committee.
WORKS BOARD
MAY BE SILENT
THE SAN FRANCISCO C AM^ TU ESD A Y, JUNE 1 8, 1 90 1 .
7
If you want to
know where to
§o this Summer
Call or writ* for _ .
"VACATION 19O1"
This is a little book just issued by the Cali-
fornia Northwestern Railway Company, and la
profusely illustrated. It gives camping loca-
tions, hotels and mineral spring resorts In
Marin, Sonoma, Mendoclno and Lake counties.
Besides, it contains a list cf about 200 farms
and homes where board during the summer
months can h/s procured at from $5 to $10 per
week. Ticket offices. 650 Market street (Chron-
icle building) and TIburon Ferry. General of-
fice, Mutual Life building, Sansome and Cali-
fornia streets, San Francisco. R. X. RYAN.
General Passenger • Agent. H. C WHITING.
General Manager.
HIGHLAND
SPRINGS.
Only Three Hours* Staging
To the prettiest, healthiest, most restful place
in all California. Resident physician. Every
comfort and amusement. Rates— $10. $12, $lt.
$15 and $16 per week. Call on LEE D. CRAIG.
316 Montgomery st.. and see photographs of
hotel and surroundings. We take pleasure In
writing full particulars. Address CRAIG &
WARNER.
CAMELLINE
For the complexion. Indispensable for the
Mountains and Sea Shore. Prevents and re-
moves tan, sunburn and Infection from Poison
Oak. Indorsed by the medical profession. At
all druggists. ¦ . ¦ ¦•
CALIFORNIA HOT SPRINGS
Hot Springs, but not a sanitarium.
Formerly Agua Caliente Springs. Sonoma
Valley. No staging; 48 miles via C. N. Ry. or
S. P. R. R. Immense swimming tank. Splen-
did table. Come Sundays, try it. Round trip.
$1 10. Telephone; expensive Improvements; $13
and $14. COOPER & SHEDDEN, Agua Ca-
llente, CaU ; '
WILBUR HOT SULPHUR SPRINGS.
Sulphur Creek. Colusa Co.. Cal.. 26 miles by
stage west of Williams: fare $2. Hottest and
strongest water on the Coast: temperature 148
deg. Cures rheumatism, dropsy, salt rheum,
skin diseases, neuralgia, liver and kidney com-
plaints, paralysis, mercury in system,' dyspep-
sia, catarrh. Natural mud baths. New 2-story
hotel- fine new bathhouse. Board and lodging,
including baths, $10 a week. WM. OELGEART.
Proprietor. .
First-class family resort In the Napa red-
woods. Exhilarating air. hunting, fishing,
swimming and boating. Terms reasonable. In-
quire THEO. BLANCKENBURG JR., Prop..
Oakville. Napa Co., or The Traveler's Bureau,
20 Montgomery St.
EL MONTE HOTEL.
Flr't-class family resort: climate unsur-
passed: great relief for people with asthma; «3
miles from S. F.: fare $1 65: free 'bus. Particu-
lar« at Traveler Office. 20 Montgomery St.. or
of JOHN NEVILL. Proprietor. Los Gatos.
SOLID COMFORT HOME £SSir&, !ffi
altitude. No fog; climate delightful Large
orchard, vegetable garden. Hot, cold baths.
Soring water. Rates. $7 week up. Stage meets
train. SCHXTLER& SCHEBEN. Napa. Cal.
C4MP CURRY
Makes it possible for you to spend a week or a
month In Yosemite without exhausting all your
resources. Rates. $12 per week; $43 ptr month.
Office, £30 Market street.
YOSEMITE S t
WII I AW D A NCH Former proprietor W.
WlLLUn n AilVll crandell— A summer homa
in the redwoods. 5 miles from Santa Cruz:
running water, swimming, croquet, abundance
of fruit home cooking: table speaks for Itself.
For particulars. TULEY & ILIFF. Santa Cruz.
WHITE SULPHUR SPRINGS.
Vft hours' ride from S. F.: 5 miles from Val-
lejo Sulphur baths; cure rheumatism, neural-
gia eczema, kidney, liver, stomach diseases.
Hotel and Cottages renovated. Lake for boating
and bathing. Dancing Pavilion. $S to $10 a week.
Special rates famine*, M. MADRID. Vallejo. Cal.
&SO.OO
Or less will cover all expenses of a 10 days'
trip to 'Yosemlte. Curry's Office. 630 Market
-* ° YOSEMITE!!
WHITE SULPHUR SPRINGS.
Two miles from St. Helena. Board and room,
$7 a week: camping privileges. $1 50 per week.
Address W. W. McCORMICK. St. Helena.
MOUNTAIN HOME.
In Santa Cruz Mountains. Health, pleasure,
fishing, hunting and swimming; good table:
guests at home; never fall to return; send for
souvenir. VIC PONCELET. Llagaa. ¦
" HOTEL BENVENUE.
On the shore of Clear Lake: home cooklne;
$7 per week and upward. F. and A. M.
SCALES. Lakeport. Lake Coanty. Cal.
LAKEPORT AND BARTLETT SPRING3
STAGE LINE.— Hopland to Barlett Springs,
Via Lakeport. carrying passengers for Lake-
. port and Bartlett Springs. Stages connect
with trains at Hopland. Leave Hopland at
12:30: arri\*e at Lakeport at 3:30; arrive at
Bartlett Springs at 7:30. New 6-horse l-i-pas-
senger tourist wagons, made to order for this
stage line, with all the most modern improve-
ments. Passengers for Lakeport or Bartlett
Springs call for tickets by Bartlett Springs
Stage Line.
MILLER & HOWARD. Proprietors. ,
LAKE COUNTY.— New 19-passenger Yosemite
Stage, nil outside seats. Leaves Calistoga
daily (Sundays excepted) at 11:30 a. m., direct
to Harbin, Seigler, Adams. Howard. Ander-
son,' Astorgs and Glenbrook; buy round- trip
tickets; half an hour for lunch at Calistoga;'
also to Mlddletown. ¦ Lower Lake. Kelseyvilla
' and Lakeport. WM. SPIERS. Proprietor.
DR. HALL'S REINViaORATORSngl
" Five hundred reward for any MjJJ 4^3
case we cannot cure. This secret IP" 111 Bllr fi|
remedy stops all losses in 24 hours. B W
cures Emissions. Impotency, Vart- §£^3 E2:j
cocele, Gononbea. Gleet. Fits. ITTl Tun}
Stricture?. Lost Manhood and all rgca EPrg
wasting effects of self-abuse or HB^—SgH
excesses. Sent sealed. $2 bottle; 3 w^m^m^atai
bottles $5; guaranteed to cure any case. Ad-
dress HALL'S MEDICAL INSTITUTE. 8=5
Broadway, Oakland, Cal. Also for sale at lOWi
Market st.. S. F. All private diseases quickly
cured. Send for free book*
Weekly Gall $1.00 wM
CAMP REVERIE,
-IK THB_ \
RUSSIAN RIVER REDWOODS.
NOW OPEN.
"In AH California
No Place Like This."
An Outing
On a New Plan,
Camp Reverie, on the Guerneville Branch of
the California Northwestern Railway, is prac-
tically a hotel under canvas. Accommodations
—tent and board— by the day or i>y the week.
There will be addresses by distinguished people
in the mornings, and specially arranged enter-
tainments — musical, literary, etc. — for the even-
|f|f RUN UP FOR A DAY.
Run Up Saturday and Return Sunday op
Monday,
Run Up and Back on Sunday,
and see for yourself— "In All California No
Place Like This."
Round trip from San ¦ Francisco only $2.50.
Take boat at TIburon Ferry. Call on or address
Camp Reverie ' Association. Room SI. Flood
Bldg., San Francisco, for particulars and book-
lets; or write Camp Reverie Association, P. O.
Forestville, Sonoma County. Cal. Booklets may
also be had at the ticket offices of the Calif or-
nla Northwestern Railway. ¦
SANTA CATALINA ISLAND.
3% Hours' Ride From Los Angeles, CaL
GREATEST ATTRACTIONS IN THE WEST.
Third Annual Rod and Reel Fishing Tour-
nament, auspices the "Tuna Club."
Eighth Season of our Famous Marine. Band.
The Society Resort.
The Sportsman's' Paradise.
HOTEL METROPOLE and COUNTRY CLUB
always open.' Golf and Tennis Tournaments.
IDEAL CAMP LIFE.
For full information, hotel rates, unique ar-
rangements i for camping and Illustrated pam-
phlets, apply to
E. C. PECK. Agent.
10 Montgomery St., San Francisco.
, Or BANNING CO..
222 South Spring at.. Los Angeles. Cal.
*% MM M *\'*%ir% HOT SPRINGS. SONOMA
Sk/S f-tftS Co - : only 4 % hours from
UAAIvl/U Ban Francisco; but 9 miles
staging; waters noted for
medicinal virtues: best natural bath in State;
good trout streams; telephone, 1 telegraph. . daily
mail and express; first-class hotel and stage
service; morning and afternoon stages; round
trip from S. F. only $5 50. Take TIburon ferry
at 7:30 a. m. or 3:30 p. m. Terms, $2 a day or
$12 a week. References — Any guest of the past
six years. Further information at Traveler of-
fice. 20 Montgomery St., or of J. F. MUL-
GREW, Skaggs, Cal. ' . . ¦
HOT SiPR! NGS.
Trains leave Third and Townsend streets at
9 am. and 2:45 p. m. dally. For rates and
illustrated pamphlets address P. ROBERT-
SON. Prop. /
LAUREL DELL LAKE
MOST ATTRACTIVE PLACE IN LAKE
County to spend . a ' vacation. - Boating,
bathing, bowling, tennis, . livery, new walks
and boats. Write for circular. EDGAR DUR-
NAN. Laurel Dell. Lake Co.. Cal. . :
OWN A HOME in ti b f p ul u " CAMP MEEKER
Buy lots $10 up: cottages built by Meeker, $30
up; boating, bathing, tenting ground free; saw-
mill, depot, store, postofflce at camp; board
and lodging $6; take Sausalito ferry, $3 round
trip. Address ' M. C. MEEKER,, or H. M.
GREGSON, Camp Meeker, Sonoma County.
%jrai0B$fpj^y
JSmT Three trains dally; 2U hours' ride. A
Bettens, Mgr.. Byron Hot Spgs., Cal.
Lombard & Co., 36 Geary street. City.
THE GEYSERS, -fts~ ¦-.•..
ONE OF NATURE'S WONDERS. NATU-
¦ral steam baths; swimming, fishing, hunt-
ing and livery. Write for pamphlet. I.
WERTHEIMER. manager.
IT IS NEVER TOO LATE TO ENJOY GOOD
HEALTH AND PLEASURE AT THE COZY
SARATOGA SPRINGS.
S. MARTENS, Prop., Bachelor P. P.. Lake Co.
FERN BROOK PARK,
NILES CANYON. IS NOW OPEN FOR PIC-
nlcs or canfpers. Further information ad-
dress J.B. BARNARD., Prop., Niles, Cal.
GLENBROOK.
Various amusements. Large and small game.
Table and beds unsurpassed. Rates only $S and
$10. Apply 20 Montgomery st. or address. O. W.
R. TREDWAT, Prop., Glenbrook, Lake Co., Cal.
VACATION DAYSH
Outing Suits In Homespun or Golflngs; Jack-
ets silk lined, made to order only. Special for
the next 30 days....... .........924.50
LESTER, I Ladies' Tailor. 8 and 10 Kearny st.
VICHY SPRINGS', -
The only place in the United States where
Vichy Water la . abundant. .The ; only natural
Electric Waters: : Champagne ¦ Baths; Springs
Numerous; Baths Unequaled. Three miles from
Ukiah. . - -J. A. REDEMEYER & CO.,
'! . :.. ' • . . ' Proprietors.
GOOD FELLOWS' HOME.
AMID THE MOUNTAINS OF MENDO-
cino.',. : Visit this quiet . little resort for
solid * comfort. ( For particulars apply S to S.
STRATTON,' 3 Eighth street. City. . '
KATE! fiFVPVA - AND COTTAGES,, SAU-
nUlLL UEWCtA SALITO. Only 30 minutes
from t the ' city: '. most beautiful ¦ location and
marine view; an unexcelled summer and win-
ter resort; table and service of the best. * W: G.
GRAHAM/ late ' of Hotel Mateo, ; Manager. ;
TOLL HOUSE.
PLEASANT ACCOMMODATIONS FOR A
few guests; mountain pure air. -$S
per week. H. B. LAWLEY, Calistoga, Cal.' . "
;ho Wor"the:geysers.
Via- C. C ; Fos's' * Stage Line from ' Calistoga.
The scenic route. \, LI very in connection. - ' C. C
FOBS; Proprietor. Calistoga. Cal. '
Central California
San Jose is the central city of California, and
Hotel Vendome is its most attractive feature.
Adjacent to Lick Observatory, New Almaden
Quicksilver Mine, Alum Rock Park and count-
less other attractions, reached over perfect
roads. Hotel thoroughly modern and first class
in every respect, with service unsurpassed.
Rates reasonable. For further call
at "Traveler" office, 20 Montgomery street,
San Francisco, or address . .
GEO. P. SNELL.. Mgr.. San Jose. Cal.
HOT SPRINGS.
A grotto, 1400 feet up In the coast range, over-
looking the broad Salinas Valley; free from fog
and winds; pure, dry, balmy an"; equable tem-
perature; seven miles stage from Soledad; hot
and cold soda and sulphur baths; tub and
plunge; special bathhouses for ladles; massage
treatment: cement swimming tank, 30x60; hunt-
ing and fishing; all popular games; hotel, cot-
tages and grounds Illuminated by gas: telephone
and P. O. : round-trip ticket J8. C. T. ROMIE,
prop.; T. W. SHRODER, manager.
Delightful Surroundings and 117 ITT CD
Excellent Accommodations at Till lCu
MEDICAL SPRINGS
LAKE COUNTY, CAL.
Certain cure for Stomach, Liver, Kidney,
Bladder, Skin and Blood Diseases.
Recommended by Leading Physicians. Thou-
Fands Cured. ' . '
Tickets, California and Northwestern Rail-
road. Stage from Ukiah.
RODNEY McCORMICK, General Manager.
Call or address, ¦
WITTER MEDICAL SPRINGS COMPANY,
Upper Lake P. O., Lake County, Cal.
Main Office & Water Depot. 916 Market, r. 64.
...NAPA... NapaConnty.
|SOPA SPRINGS Cal -
THE MOST BEAUTIFUL OF ALL
health resorts.
Rates $10 to $15 per week. Two trains dally,
foot of' Market street, 7 a.m. and 4 p. m.
For further information address
¦ ••¦¦• A. DOLLMANN, Proprietor.
YOSEMITE VALLEY,
BIG OAK FLAT AND TOSEMITE STAGE
CO. — Running directly through the Tuolumne
Big Tree Grove. Round trip from San Fran-
cisco $3*-'. Round trip from Stockton $27.
Staging V& hours first afternoon and 9 hours
next day, arriving at Tosemlte Valley 5 p. m.
Send for illustrated folder. WM. J. WHITE.
Gen'l Agent, 630 Market st.. opposite Palace
Hotel. S. F.; tel. Black 3571. ¦
1 - ¦ " ¦ .
THE SEASIDE RESORT OF CENTRAL
California, on Monterey Bay. Now open.
Free booklet. R. M. BRIARE, manager hotel:
FRANK REANIER. supt. camp, Capitola. Cal.
OR. G. C O'DONNRUU'S
MINERAL SPRINGS AT GLEN ELLEN,
the best camping, picnic and pleasure re-
sort on the Coast. The greatest remedy for
' lung disease, liver and stomach complaints,
rheumatism and catarrh in the world; 46
miles from S. F. The S. P. R..R. and S. F.
& N. P. R. R- give special rates to campers;
30 cottages and tents furnished; rent cheap;
no fogs nor poison oak at the park: mineral
water, boats and bathing free. Inquire of DR.
C C O'DONNELL. office 1021% Market, bet.
" 6th and 7th. S. F. If you want your health,
pleasure and longevity this Is the place to go.
|H »^ SPRINGS
Healthiest and best climate, prettiest place
in all California; lots amusements; fine walks;
all mineral waters. Rates. $10 and $12 per
week. Open May 13. Circulars at city office,
918 Larkin St.. S. F. DRURT & KROEGER.
RUBICON PARK,
A delightful summer resort on the shore of
Lake Tahoe. Everything new. Best beach for
bathing on the ' lake. Fishing and hunting.
Boats, fishing tackle and saddle horses at mod-
erate hire; $2 per day. or $10. $12 and $14 pVr
week. Postofflce, telephone. A. L. FROST,
Rubicon Park, Lake Tahoe,- Cal. • .
. POINT ARENA HOT SPRINGS.
Greatly improved. New cottages, "large hall,
pianos; billiard, pool and other games ; every-
thing new; $7 per week. Round trip by stmr.
Point Arena. $7. Inquire at Beadle Bros.', 34
Mission, and N. P. R. R. Co:. 14 Sansomn
St.. or of DR. W. A. McCORNACK, Point
Arena, Cal.
. THE NEW BUILDINGS AND
HfllTT'S Beautiful Grounds i at Holtt's
nL>1 * * ° 'School will be open to summer
/YIFNI O guests during June and July.
1 * ' v Superior climate, excellent
PARK. table; reasonable prices. Ad-
_______ dress IRA G. HOITT.
"..'"PINE frCNOl^L. "'
Beautiful mansion house and magnificent
grounds, situated in foothills, one and a half
miles from St. Helena. Table unsurpassed.
Terms reasonable. Address P. O. box 53. St.
Helena. Cal. > ¦
ORCHARD SPRINGS -SaSS
In the Knn'-.1!U of lha Fkrra N.v»d» MoonUioi, unr Co.i«, on
C. P. R. R. % lm milri from San Fraadico. jto »t»«lne Plain
quirt retreat; fir >-«i wrcer y. water, mountain air. f rni t and eltmat*
to Caiiffl'nia. Iiiwl forest, rronnrii nmi xirrnnnHisn. f 8 a wets.
Send fur Wklct. URCHAKD £PR1>GS, Coliai, Cal.
BELLEVUE HOTEL. ; y;
P. O. EL VERANO, Cal.. Verano Station
(King's > Crossing), on California. Northwestern
Railway. Hot mineral baths near by. Terms,
$1 per day and upward. PETER GOUILHAR-
DOU, lessee. ; - ¦ , . •¦-•/
KLAWIATH-HOT SPRINGS.
Finest fishing. . hunting and health resort on
the coast. Climate perfect. On Klamath River.
Rates. $2 and $2 50 per day; $10 to $14 per week.
Call Traveler Office, 20 Montgomery st.' or
address EDSON BROS.. . Beswick, Slskiyou
County. Cal. .¦ -
-~ — - . . . . ; \ \ '¦ ', : . . . v
BOULDER CREEK HOTEL.
¦ Under new management. Entirely renovated.
First-class family resort. Fine - hunting and
fishing. Sulphur springs. For terms and par-
ticulars address P. J.. WELCH, Prop., Boulder
Creek, Cal. . ¦ -
f AMP TAVI OR ¦"" Cottages, camptmr. nehlng;
LAlllr lAILUiV 29 miles from S. F. : in the
redwoods. Call. Traveler office, 20 Montgomery
street, or address H. G. MARTIN, . Proprietor.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
AH sorts of people use Pears' soap, all sorts
of stores sell it, especially druggists.
soap is not only the best
in all' the world for toilet
and bath but also for shav-
ing. Pears was the in-
ventor of shaving stick
soap.
: ir% 9
FOR STOMACH DISORDERS,
1 GOUT and DYSPEPSIA,
• DRINK
Best NATURAL Alkaline Water,
NEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
Ring worm and dandruff are somewhat
similar in tbelr origin; each is caused l>y
a parasite. . The germ that causes dan-
druff digs to the roots of the'hair, and
saps its vitality, causing falling hair and
finally baldness. Without dandruff there
would never be baldness, and to cure dan-
druff It is necessary to kill the grerm.
There has been no hair preparation that
would do this until the discovery of
Kewbro's Herpicide. which positively kill3
the dandruff germ, allays itching instantly
and makes hair glossy and soft as silk.
At all druggists. Take no substitutes.
There is nothing "Jvst as good."
ous Germ.
They Axe Each Caused by a Pestifer-
EING WORM AND DANDRUFF.
[i ffiATENTSf 2
%B^3S0 MARKET ST. Sf.^SS^
4GRAND HOTELS
Visitors to San Francisco ' who mako
their headauartera at these' hotels en-
Joy comforts and conveniences not to
b« obtained elsewhere. Desirable loca- 1
tion, courteous attaches and unequ&led
cuisine. American and European plans.
¦•PALACE HOTEL*«
advertisements!.
jfflll CARTERS
8igk:heuuhe
Positively cured .by thess
Little Pills.
They also relieve distress from Dys-
pepsia, Indigestion and Too Hearty
Eating. A perfect remedy for Dizzi-
ness, Nausea, Drowsiness, Bad Taste
in the Mouth, Coated Tongue; Pain in
the Side, TORPID LIVER. They
Regulate the Bowels. Purely Vegetable.
Small Pill. . Small Dose.
. Small Price.
AMUSEMENTS.
FAREWELL WEEK. V
Last 5 Nights— Matinees Wed. and Sat.
HENRY MILLER
SEASON-
To-night and To-morrow Matinee.
DARCY OF THE GUARDS.
To-morrow Night :...
"The Importance of Being Earnest"
Remainder . of Week .:
'. ...Last Times Here of "Heartsease"
Limited Engagement Beginning Next
Monday Night.
Charles Frohman'i Imnpn A r* I ¦ #1 f%
5SH»l)NDER2FLAGS
By Arrangement With DAVID BELASCO,
Paul M. Potter's 5- Act Drama on Ouida's Novel
The Entire N. T. Scenery and Co.— 120 People.
Including BLANCHE BATES as "CUarette"
SEAT SALE BEGINS NEXT THURSDAY.
OREGON NIGHT TplGHT, TUESDAY.
BEST BILL IN YEARS.
ODELL, WILLIAMS AND CO., EZRA KEN-
DALL, 1 COLE AND DELOSSE, ED LATELL,
LESTER REEVES, GARDNER AND MAD-
DERN. DOHERTY SISTERS, THE BIO-
GRAPH.
THE WONDERFUL EAST .INDIA PYGMIES,
¦ Fatma and Smaun. .
Reserved seats, 23c; balcony, 10c; opera chairs
and box seats, 50c.
Matinees Wednesday, Saturday and Sunday.
Fatma and Smaun. the Pygmies, will hold
a reception to children after to-morrow's
(Wednesday) matinee and after all matinees
during their engagement.
BEMSCOAHBTHALE&jfetf^
*ii^ ¦' vtisTt car tut\
A BIG HIT— IT IS TO LAUGH.
TO-NIGHT AND ALL THIS WEEK, ,
Matinee Saturday and Sunday.
' Nellie McHenry's Great Farce Comedy,
ANIGHT AT
THE CIRCUS
Nothing but fun from beginning to end.
Introducir.fr up-to-date Specialties.
YOU'LL SHOUT, SCREAM AND ROAR.
PWtChV. Evenings...... 10c, 15c, 25c, 33c, 50c
fRIVro Matinees 10c, 15c. 25c
Next Week— Revival of UNCI-E TOM'S CABIN.
rLvwiAjR r^AV
This Week ONLY,
ONLY MATINEE, SATURDAY.
Florence Roberts '<
Supported by WHITE WHITTLESEY.
JULIA MARLOWE'S Latest Triumph.
COUNTESS VALESKA.
ORCHESTRA, FIRST SIX ROWS, 75c.
NEXT WEEK-" SAPHO."
GRAND' OPE13A. HOUSE
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
ALL OF THIS WEEK.
ANOTHER WONDERFUL TRIUMPH.
MELBOURNE M*cD0WELL
Supported by FLORENCE STONE In Sardou's
Strongest Play. . '
"GISMONDA."
First Time on Any Stage at Popular Price*.
A SOUVENIR PHOTOGRAPH OF MISS
FLORENCE STONE will be presented to every
one attending the Saturday matinee.
Popular Prices— ]0c, 15c, 25c, 50c, 75c.
Good Orchestra Seat, all Matinees, 25c.
BRANCH TICKET OFFICE, EMPORIUM.
. Next Week— Melbourne MacDowell In' Fedora. 3
LAST WEEK— "BE SURE AND SEE IT."
EVENINGS AT 8.
' ' BRING THE CHILDREN. .
LAST TOY SliUVittiii itoATINEE on
SATURDiY, June 22d, at 2.
THE
JUNE 24th— "BABES IN THE WOODS."
POPULAR PRICES :... r..... :2oc and 50o
Telephone — Bush 9.
MRS. MAY WRIGHT SEWALU
President International Council-, of Women,
Will ¦ Deliver an Address at'- •
V GOLDEN ; GATE HALL,'
WEDNESDAY EVENING, JUNE 19.
Subject, "The New Internationalism."
ADMISSION ...... I..........;..:... ......50 Cents
BOYS' HOMfE ENTERTAINMENT;
. Kntertalnment for the San Francisco .Boya'
Home Benefit on June 27th will. positively take
place on 'that date at Golden Gate Hall, Sut-
ter streett , -. j. v. ;. ... ':¦•¦ - _ '- ¦_ ¦ .
FISCHER'S HOUSH.
CHARITY MARTIN, Sig.. Abramoff, Paras
kova Sandoline, j Erma'-Wlng, ; the '- Juggling
Gillens. Ed B. 'Adams, the Samayoas, Alice
Barnum and Stanley and Walton. v .• •.
• Reserved Seats, , 25c. - Matinee Sunday.
SUTRO BATHS.
OPENNIGHTS.
Open'Daily from 7 a. m." to 11 p. m. . ' '
.Bathing from 7 a.' m. to 10:30 p.m.
ADMISSION. 10c; CHILDREN. 6c. ' ' ' T
Bathing, including admission/ 25c; children, 20c.
!.-•-.,*•• ¦¦ . . t ' ' . ¦ ¦ ¦¦ :¦¦¦¦..;.—¦.,.• .•-¦>;NEW/, YORK, June 17.— Continued /activity
prevails ' in- American iron markets .generally,
despite , the • fact that : 70,000 tons of - Bessemer
pig iron i was ' purchased by ¦¦ the '. steel ; trust ¦ at
the old basis. .Values were in buyers' favor at
A'Vtx' York Metal 'Market.
NEW YORK,; June 17.— The visible supply, of
grain Saturday, June 15, as compiled by the
New York ' Produce . Exchange, . is : as follows •
Wheat. 35, 149.CC0 bushels; decrease, 153.000 bush
els. Corn 17,271,000 bushels; increase 1,222 000
bushels. Oats. 10,3S2,0CO bushels; increase, 244
000 bushels. .Rye, . 61C, 000 'bushels; , decrease,'
82,000 bushels. Barley, 546,000 bushels; decrease
149,000 bushels. '. . . .
Visible Grain Supply.
SHEEP— Receipts, 20,000. Sheep and lambs,
steady to 10c higher. „ Spring" lambs,- up to
$5 75; Colorados, $5 10; good to choice wethers,
$3 90(7.4 25; fair to choice mixed, $3 50@4;iWest
ern sheep, $3 90@4 25; yearlings, $4@4 50; native
lambs, $4@5 10; Western lambs, $4 75@5 10/
HOGS— Receipts to-day, 42,000; to-morrow,'
28,000; left over, 6000. Opened weak; closed
steady: top, $6 12V4; mixed and butchers', $5 75
@6 O7V4 : good to choice, $5 90@6 12V4 ; ¦ rough
heavy, $5 75@5 So; light, $5 70@6; bulk of sales,
$5 9006 02%. .¦ . • • ¦- • >• /, ¦:.,
CHICAGO, June 17.— CATTLE— Receipts, 23. -
CCO, including 1000 Texans. Choice, steady;.oth
ers, weak; butchers' stock, slow; choice Tex
ans, . steady; , others, slow; top Texans, $5 63;
good to prime steers, $5 40@6 20; poor to me
dium, $4 40@5 30; stockers and feeders, • $3@4 85;
cows, $2 70@4 90; heifers, $2 75@5 20; canners,
$2@2 63; bulls, $3@4 50; calves, firm,' $4@6 25;
Texas fed steers, $4 25@5 65.
Chicago Livestock Market.
LIVERPOOL. ,."vV' .v
Wheat— July. S»nt.
Opening v 5 08% 5 05#
Closing 5 CS% 5 CS94
PARIS.
Wheat — . June. Sept. -Dec.
Opening ;......... 20 30 20 95 -
Closing 29 30 2100 •
Flour— .. ¦'.'.; '«;•*: •
Opening 25 30. 16 fcG .
Closing :.. 25 40 26 90
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Shares Closing
gold. . Stocks— U=(j
70.900 Atehiscn ...\ gj^j
83.SOO Atohibon prefd , lOjjri
J.O0O Baltimore & Ohio ...110
1,100 Baltimore & Ohio prefd -. 93
*09 Canadian Paciflc ...lMv;
330 Canada Southern ; 70^
' J'EW YORK. June 17.— The stock market
made a vigorous attempt to-day to withstand
the chilling effect of heavy exports of gold
and the flurry in the money rate to 5 per cent,
but the general show of strength at the open
ing: was forced to succumb to this develop
ment in spite of the persistence of some no
ts.bly strong spots. The closing showed ad
vances very generally wiped out except in
tlv? few stocks which moved against the cur
rfTit. St. Paul continued to be most con
spicuous and the strength in that stock was
supplemented by advances in various other
railroad stocks from individual causes and by
3. buoyant tone for the independent steel com
panies and a few industrials. Missouri Pa
cific was slightly affected by the dividend.
The acticn of the market on Saturday after
the appearance cf the bank statement had been
sufficient notice that the financial powers were
prepared to ignore the showing of that state
ment and to continue their etlorts for an ad
vance. The opening was strong in conse
quence with Z1M shares of St. Paul taken at a
fpread cf 2% points, the quotation on run
mrs sales varying from 181% to ISt, com
j;are<3 with ISO on Saturday. The stock
touched ISC% l2tcr in the day on enormous
dealings. The belief is well denned that an
oiler is to be made of 4 per cents at the
raito cf 200 at par of bonds for 100 at par of
rhc ctorks. as - vras done for the Burlington.
A« certificates ~Xor the Burlington stocks are
ruling at ltS'/i, the price seemed to be the
objective rotat ior St. Paul. The heavy re
alizir.g which -met the stock's advance at
each stage and its lala reaction, however,
a conjecture that the final settle
ment in the matter remains to be made. Tbe,
independent 6tccl companies were affected by
rumors cf pending absorption Jnto the United
State Steel Corporation. Tennessee Coal rose
an 7Vi. Colorado Fuel, u%; Republic
Steel; • 8>,« : the preferred 3 and Hocking Coal.
t'4. Tfae advance of 4;i in Illinois Central had
no other explanation than the high rate of
ike dividend return at its price.
Amalgamated Copper -was firm all day. but
it was not until the' final dealings that it
*vas rushed precipitately up to 130 with in
dications of distress on the part of the
s.taorts. The activity of the trading decreased
conspicuously after the gold shipments Were
announced to an aggregate of $4,000,000. The
belief is general that further shipments will
be made later in the week. Berlin ie clearly
enough the point of trouble, for' which re
lief is being provided. The sterling exchange
rate there fell to-day to 20 marks 43V4 Pigs,
compared with 20 marks 44U pfprs last Mon
day and 20 marks 46 pfjss two weeks »ci.
The semi-annual requirements at Berlin ar»>
always heavy and at this time a condition: of
distrust esists rerrardins many financial and
iuduf trial enterprise?, which leads .to heavy
liquidation cf high-grade K^curitips. especially
American railroad ¦ securing. On the fac*
of a. fall in surplus reserves on Saturday of
*4."/>.273. following a decereasc for the week
before of $7.S91.r>53, thus cutting down nearly
two-thirds the New York banks' eurplus over
legal. requirements and in view of th* prep
arations this week for several larsre dividend
<SlFbursements. tnrludinc that of Standard OH,
and the preparations for half-yearly require
ment* to meet in the following week, the de
mand for cash of the proportions of to-day's
pold exports was rot to bo Ignored. The mar
ket closed irregular but at come recovery
from the reaction.
The bond market was rather active and
Imrular. Total rales, par value $3,293,000.
United States refunding Tf. t^p 3s and new
4s declined 14 per rrvt on th» last call.
New York Stock Market.
EASTERN MARKETS.
Beans and Seeds.
All quotations remain as before and the mar
ket is dull. 1 . "..'-. . ., ' : > " '¦
BEANS-Bayos, $2 45@2 60; Small White,'$4 SO
1 1 Hay dealers i reported '. a • weakening market
and old wheat ,was lower. The immediate;fu
ture, of. the market Is •.uncertain,, owing .to the
scarcity of old grain Hay. . Feedstuff s stand as
before. : ..-.. .- • .' ',
BRAN-1170W per ton.': J ' .'
.MIDDLINGS— $18 60@20 per ton. " 1
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled -Barley, $16 50@17 SO
per ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill. $26@26: job
bing.; $26 50; Cocoanut Cake.' $17@1S; Corn Meal,
J28<g:29; Cracked Corn, $28 50@29 50; Mixed Feed.
$Jfi fiO«i!17 50. .-, : .: - - --v- ¦."•;•• -^'- ¦ . r.
'¦ HAY— New, . $8@10 for Wheat, $7 50@9 50'. for
Wheat and Oat and $4^7 50 for Volunteer. Old
I» rmot»d.8!« follows: ' .Volunteer." $S@8:'-'Wh»«t.
$11«?12 RO;-. Wheat; and Oat; $10@12; Oat, > $90
11 50; Clover,; nominal;- Alfalfa, . $8@9 50;. Bar
ley, . nominal, 1 per ton. '. ; ¦••' j, -
STRAW— 25©i7%c per bale.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
FLOUR — California. Family extras, $3 25®
3 50. usual - terms ;* Bakers' Extras, $3 15@3 25;
Oregon. $2 50@2 75 per > barrel for family and
$2 75@3 for bakers' ; Washington bakers, $2 75
@3.- '•-.-.;;,.' ¦'¦ ... ¦¦. . i.'w-.'SmMfU
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in; sacks are as fol
lows, usual - discount ; to the > trade: Graham
Flour, $3 per 100 -lbs; .Rye Flour. $2 75: Rye
Meal, $2 60; Rice Flour," $7; Corn Meal, $3; ex
tra cream do, $3 75; Oat Groats, $4 75; Hominy,
$3 75@4; Buckwheat . Flour, $4@4 25; Cracked
Wheat, $3 60; " Farina. $4 50; Whole" Wheat
Flour. $3 25; Rolled Oats (barrels), $6 35@7 S5;
in sacks, $6@7 50: Pearl Barley. $5;. Split Peas.
$5; Green Peas, $6 50 per 100 lbs.
Flour and Millstuffs.
CALL- BOARD SALES. -'j- T
Informal session— 9:15 o'clock— No sales. •
Second session— No sales. ¦
Regular morning session — No sales. -
Afternoon session — December — 10,000 ctls,
681.4c. - ¦ . ¦ . . ¦'¦.-.
OATS— The situation shows no change what
ever. The market Is very dull. White, $142%
@1 55; Surprise, $1 50@l 65; Red, $1 35@1 43;
Black. $1 22%@1 32% per ctl.
CORN— Small round Yellow, $1 50; Eastern
Yellow, U 27%@1 30; - White, $1 30; mixed,
$1 27%; I .
RYE-75@S0c per ctl.
BUCK WHEAT-Is quoted at $165 per ctl,
ex-warehouse. '
• Regular morning session— December— 2000
ctls, $101%. ' ? ¦ .
Afternoon session— December— 2000 ctls,
$1 01%; 24.000. $101%. •
BARLEY— Weak and slightly lower on ' the
spot. Futures are very • dull.
Feed, 72%c for No. 1 and 70c for off grades;
Brewing and Shipping grades, 75@80c ; , Chev
alier, nominal. ... i -\
Second, session — December— 4000 ctls, $1 01%,
Informal Session — 9:15 o'clock — December —
2000 ctls, $1 01%. ...
CALL BOARD SALES,
. WHEAT— Liverpool was not materially
changed, but Paris was higher, owing to the
unfavorable crop prospects in Russia and
France, and the French markets were quoted
very firm. An Antwerp cable said that In
some sections of Southern Russia the crop is
almost destroyed by heat. A cable from the
Argentine said that sellers were giving way
and that supplies were increasing.
The English visible supply Increased 1,489,
000 bushels. The . world's shipments for the
week included 114,000 quarters from Argen
tine. 16,000 from India and 21,000 from Aus
tralia. • .
Chicago was lower and quiet,", the small de
crease of 153,000 bushels . in ¦ ¦ the American
visible supply being a damper on the market.
Broomhall cabled cold and • unfavorable weath
er in France. The foreigners bought futures,
but the bears sold freely. The weather
throughout the Southwest was favorable for
harvesting. . -,<•..¦
. The. local market continued dull and weak,
with a. decline in futures. -¦ f •
Spot Wheat— Shipping, - 97%c; milling, $1®
102% per ctl. . ' -
Wheat and Other Grains.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — $4 86%
Sterling Exchange, sight.... — 4 89*4
Sterling cables ...; — 4 90
New- York Exchange, Bight......' — 12%
New York Exchange, telegraph.. — 15
Silver,- 'per ounce :.. — 69%
Mexican Dollars, nominal.; 49% @ 50
Exchange and -Bullion.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
San Francisco is probably the coolest sta
tion in the United States to-night. Unusually
¦warm weather prevails over the country west
of the Rocky Mountains. With the exceptiou
of a narrow strip along the coast, the entire
Western half of the country reports maximum
tpmperatures * exceeding 80. In Southern
Arizona temperatures from 100 to 104 are re
rortcd. In th<? Sacramento and San Joaquin
Valleys the temperatures range from SS to *S.
No rain has fallen west of the Rocky Moun
tains.
There has been but little change in pressure
and conditions are not favorable for settled
fair weather. . .
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight June IS:
Northern California— Cloudy, unsettled weath
er Tuesday ; probably liglit showers in central
and northern portion; continuecl warm in the
interior, tool on the coast with dense fog;
fresh westerly winds.
Southern California— Cloudy, unsettled weath
er Tuesday with dense fog en the coast and
5'roKibly thunder-storms in the mountains;
northerly winds inland; frefh southwest winds
on the coast.
Nevada— Cloudy and threatening weather
Tuerdsy. probably showers; Iresh southwest
win4.
Utah — Cloudy Tuesday; continued warm:
' fresh southerly winds.
Arizona— Cloudy, unsettled weather Tuesday;
possibly thunJer-storms in the mountains;
' frefh southerly winds.
Ran Francisco sn<l vicinity— Cloudy, unset
tled weather Tuesday uith dense fog in th»
morning and possibly lisht showers; brisk
•outhwest wind.
ALEXANDER G. McADIE.
Forecast Official.
CHICAGO, June 17. — The improved tone of
Liverpool cables, coupled with a decrease in the
world's shipments of quantity on passage, gave
the wheat market a good start to-day, the July
delivery opening unchanged to %c lower, f On
covering by shorts, who were moved to action
by . reports of k big crop damage in Continental
Europe^ there was an early advance to 70%c,
at which trading was mostly of a local nature,
though there was some buying for export.' Dis
appointment was felt by the bulls over the
c>mall decrease in the visible supply and the
long wheat accumulated on the up-turn was put
out, breaking the price to 69%c. Some consid
erable purchases by the elevator people caused
a reaction to "O'.ic, at which the market closed
hie lower and fairly steady. The visible supply
decreased 162,000 bushels, against 1,640,000 bush
els the week before and 231,000 bushels a year
ago. The world's shipments of wheat and flour
were equal to S, 135, 000 bushels, and the quantity
on ocean pasage decreased 1,136,000 bushels.
The bull movement caused the notable appre
ciation in corn which was on hand at the begin
ning of business to-day, despite the reports of
a continuation of excellent weather in the corn
belt, the July option opening firm between 42%c
and 43%c and closing steady %c down at 42%c.
The oats market was more active than any
other. July closed %®Uc improved at 28%c.
The provision . market was dull and bare of
speculative interest. The tone was easier on. a
larger run of hogs than was expected with low
er prices. July pork closed 7%c lower and lard
closed a shade lower, with ribs 21ic down.
The leading futures' ranged as follows: .
Articles— Open. High. - Low. Clcse.
Wheat No. 2—
June 70 70 69% 69%
July 70% 70% 69% 70V*
September" 69 69% 6SJi 6S%
Corn No. 2 — - - .- .'.-i'-i
June 42V4
July 43% 43% 42% 43%
September 44% 44% 43% 44V4
Oats No. 2—
July 28% 28% 27% 28%
September 26% 26% .25% 26%
May 28Vi 28% 2SV4 28%
Mess Pork, per bbl—
July... ...14 70 14 70 14 62% 14 67%
September 14 87% 14 90 14 SO 14 85
Lard,"i>er 100 lbs—
July • .... .... 8 55
September 8 60 8 C2% 8 57% 8 60
October 8 60 8 62% 8 60 8 62%
Short ' Ribs, oer 100 lbs—
July 8 00 8 07% 7 97% 8 02%
September 8 07% 8 10 8 05 8 10.
Cash quotations were as follows:. Flour,
quiet: No. 2 spring wheat, 70%@73c; No.- 3
sprinz:, 66@67%c: No. 2 red.-. 72c; No.- 2 corn,
42%c; No. 2 yellow, 43c; No. 2 oats, 28c; No.
' 3 white, 2S%@29c; No.) 2 rye, 47%c; mes3 pork,
per bbl, $14 65(§pl4 70; lard, per 100 lbs. $8 52%@
8 55; short ribs sides (loose),' $7 90@8 10; dry
salted shoulders (boxed), 6%S?7%c; short clear
Mrles (boxed), 76 40@G 50; whisky, basis of high
wines, $1 28. . .
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 23.000 17,000
Wheat, bushels 137.000 : 424,000
Corn, bushels 222,000 .-' 655,000
Oats, bushels 215,000 253,000
Rye, bushels 5,000 2,000
Barley, bushels '. 4,000 ' 2,000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was easier; creameries, 16%@18%c;
dairies, 13%@16c. Cheesv dull; 8%@10%c.
Eggs, steady; 10%c.
Temperature 7 a. m., 49 degrees.
Morning , Session
700 Best &, Belcher 19 ICO Mexican "fi
300 Chollar 0o 300 Ophir 95
1350 Con Cal &,Va..J 20 500 Unloa Coo 18
10O Gould & Curry 05
The follcwlng were the sales in the San
Francisco Stock and Exchange Board yester
day:
MINING STOCKS,
Morning Session.
Board— .
1450 Four Oil Co ...*.... »S
2 Hanford ..' ........;...•„.. """ gj ca
1000 Hanford-Kresno-Kern River s " t&
100 Kern River — "• _ "?
2C0 Lion ;; .'......' .;.......'.'.".""* ' ??
100O Monarch of Arizona "" "»9
f 5 Peerless :: ." 5 25
75 Peerless ............;....; ....""— 5 00
750 Petroleum Oenter . .: #5
50 San Joaquin Oil & Development..... 8 50
1C0 Sterling.... ..-„., • .% £
¦ ICO Sterling ...'. " \ ™.
2C0 Sterling ..' "' 1 v-y
. Morning Session.
y Board—.
500 Junction. 2*
300 Monarch of Arizona...'.". -. .' 29
Afternoon Session.
Board —
500 Four Oil Co.......' 3g
A ?, anfOrd •••" • -" S3 00
400 Lion ..- .-..;_ jo
400 Monarch of Arizona " 23
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
10 Hutchinson S P Co ; _.... 19 50
165 Kilauea Sugar Plantation Co 18 25
50 Kilauea Sugar Plantation Co 18 50
15 Paauhau S P Co '. 26 25
60 Paciflc Gas Improvement 37 00
65 Paciflc Gas Improvement 37 50
20 S F Gas & Electric Co 33 00 '
50 S F Gas & Electric Co, s 90 39 50
£0 S F Gas & Electric Co 40 CO
50 S F Gas & Electric Co..... 40 25
.70 Spring Valley Water 82 00
15 Spring Valley Water 82 25
Street —
5 Paciflc Lighting 43 00
Afternoon Session.
100 Equitable Gas ; 3 37%
20 Honokaa Co 2100
100 Hutchinson S P Co -. 19 50
.50 Kilauea Sugar Plantation Co 18 50
20 Onomea Sugar Co 21 75
B Pacific. Gas Imp ..: 38 50
45 Paciflc Gas Imp 33 73
23 Paciflc Gas Imp _ 39 00
Pacific Gas Imp 39 25
'35 S F Gas & Electric Co .-,, 41 00
50 S F Gas & Electric Co "....:.... 40 75
10 S F Gas & Electric Co 41 50
150 S F Gas & Electric Co 41 03
20 S F Gas & Electric Co n 12U
10 Spring Valley Water .-.. .-. $•> «™
Street—
20 Hutchinson S P Co ........' 19 50
20 Spring Valley Water 52 23
SAN FRANCISCO OIL EXCHANGE.
California ....130 134 O S L & H.... 40 —
Geary — 40 [Presidio ....... — 23
Market 70 — I ¦ ,
POWDER
Giant 75 76 /Vigorit ........ 3 3%
SUGAR.
Hana 7% 7%,Kllauea 1S% 1S%
Hawaiian — 55 (Makawell 38% 39
Honokaa ...... 20>a — (Onomea 21%
Hutchinson ... 19% 19%lPaauhau 26% —
MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska Pack.. 128'/4129% Oceanic S Co. 47% —
Cal Fruit Can. — 96 Pac Aux F A. 2 —
Cal Wine Asn.100 — Pac C Borax.. 163 —
Merchnts' Ex.110 — Par Paint 16
Morning Session. '
- Board— -
80 Hana Plantation Co... 7 eo
20 Honokaa Sugar Co 21 00
STREET RAILROADS.
SAVINGS BANKS.
German ......1900 — 1 Sav &-Loan... — —
Humboldt — — Security 275 —
Mutual 50 — Union Trust. .1400 —
San Francisco. 525 550 I
I/P& A. 147 -
Mer Ex (llq).. 1« —
S F NationaI.122JS —
Anglo-Cal ..... 77 81
California — 410
Cal Safe Dep..lO7% —
First Natl 303 —
INSURANCE.
Firem's Fund.242% — f -
BANKS.
Cent L & P... 3 — Pacific Lt 43 50
Equitable Z\i 3% Sacramento .. — 39
Mutual 4% — S F G & E.... 41 41%
Oakland SOU 51 San Francisco. 4 i%
Pacific G Imp. 39 39% Stktn G & E-. — —
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Contra Costa.. 80% 81 I Spring Valley. 81% 82%
Marln County. 50 — |
Do 5s 101^102% S F & SJV 5s.l20»i —
Los Ang R 5s. 114% — Sierra Cal 6s.. — 110
L A Light 6s.. — 102- S P of A 6s
Do gntd 6s.. — 104' (1909) .113% —
Do gntd 5S..103 — (1910) 114 —
L A & Pac 5s. 100% — S P of A 6s
J5o 1 c m 5s. .102% — (1905), Ser A.108 10874
Markt-st C 6s 127% (190«), Ser B.lC8%108%
Do 1 C m 5S..122% — (1906) 109% —
Nev Co R 7s.. — 113% (1912) 119 122
Nor R Cal 6s.. 114 115 S P of Cal 1st
Do 5s 118%U9% cp gntd g 5s.lO7 — '
Nor Pac C 6s.lOO — S P Br Cal 6s. — 136
Do 6s 108 103 S V Water 6s6 — 113%
Nor Cal R 5s.U0 113 Do 4s 102% —
Oak Gas 5a ...112 — Do 4s. 2d m.101 102
Do Trans 6s. 116% — Stktn Gas 6s.. 100 —
Do Wat 5s..l04%105
WATER STOCKS.
Bay C P C 5s. 195 — Oceanic SS 5s.lO2% —
Cai-st 5s ......118 — Omnibus R 6s.l27- —
C C 'Water 5s.lO9VillO Pac G Imp 4s. — 100
Ed L & P 6s..l2S%133% Pk & C H 6s. 108 —
Fer & CI R 6s.H7% — Pk t O R 6s. 117 —
Geary-st 5s ... — — Powll-st R 6s.l20 —
H C & S 5%s.lO6»i — Sac E G R 5s. — —
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS,
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bld.Ask. , Bld.Ask.
4s quar coup..H3%U4% 4s qr cp (new) .133 140
4s quar reg....ll2%113% 3s quar coup..l09 110
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
MONDAY, June 17—2 p. m.
The light stocks continued the feature in the
afternoon. Gas and Electric advancing to $41 50
and Paciflc Gas improvement to $39 23.
The Whittler Oil and Development Company
has levied an assessment of 2c.
The only variations worthy of note on the
morning session of the j Bond Exchange were
an advance in Gas and Electric to $40 25, and
in Paciflc Gas to $37 50. The other stocks wero
quiet. There was nothing new in the oil stocks.
THE COAST RECORD.
What activity there was in the stock market
to-day was furnished by American shares.. They
were freely dealt in. -but other departments of
the inarktt were , idle. . Consols -were heavy in
anticipation of another issue. Amsrican stocks
NEW YORK. June 17. -The Commercial' Ad
vertiser's . London financial - cablegram eays:
London Market.
WASHINGTON, June 17.— To-day's statement
of the Treasury balances ' In the general fund,
exclusive of the $150,000,000 gold reserve, in the
division of redemption, ¦ shows: Available cash
balance, $168,713,760; gold, $95,413,502. ,
Condition* of the Treasury.
NEW YORK, June 17.— Money on call, rather
steadier at 395 per cent; last loan, 4 per cent;
ruling "rate. 3% per cent. Prime mercantile
paper, 2%@4% per cent. . Sterling exchange,
firm, with actual business in bankers' bills at
$4 8S',4 for demand and . $4 83% • for sixty days.
Posted rates, $4 86% -and $1 S9. Commercial
bills. $4 80@4 £5%. Silver certificates, 60c. .- Bar
Silver. 5S%c. Mexican dollars, 47%c. Govern
ment bonds, weak: State bonds, inactive; rail
road bonds,- irregular.-. • : ".
New York Money Market.
Adams Con - lijLlttle Chief 13
Alice v 40 Ontario 8 50
Breece 1 60 Ophir 90
Brunswick Con 20 Phoenix ..: .13
Com&tock Tunnel... 05% Potosi 07
Con Cal & Va 2 10 Savage 05
Deadwood Terra ... 35 Sierra Nevada ...... . 20
Horn Silver 1 13 Small Hopes'.....;.. 40
Iron Sil%-er.'. 59 Standard 3 65
Leadville Con 05|
MINING STOCKS.
1,500 Chesapeake & Ohio 50
3,200 Chicago & Alton 46%
1,400 Chicago & Alton prefd 81%
ECO Chicago Burlington & Quincy 196%
400 Chicago Ind & Louisville 39
200 Chicago Ind & Louisville prefd 73V4
Chicago & Eastern Illinois 126
3,900 Chicago & Great Western 24
1,600 Chicago* Great Western A prefd... 86H
£00 Chicago & Great Western B prefd... 53Vi
700 Chicago & Northwestern, ex-dlv 203
3.100 Chicago Rock Island & Pacific 170^4
4.9C0 Chicago Terminal & Trans.... 24«4
5,0u0 Chicago Terminal & Trans prefd 441*
200 C C C & St Louis 86
1,500 Colorado" Southern 15V>
200 Colorado •Southern 1st prefd 52
1.2C0 Colorado Southern 2d prefd 23
3,100 Delaware &' Hudson 169%
2,100 Delaware Lack & Western .....238%
1,200 Denver & Rio Grande 52*4
4,100 Denver & Rio Grande prefd lOlVi
23,400 Erie 44Vi
11.000 Erie 1st prefd 72
2,700 Erie 2d prefd 58
200 Great Northern prefd 186
600 Hocking Valley ..: 54^
300 Hocking Valley prefd ., 78Vi
29.700 Illinois Central : 148
2,300 Iowa Central ... 36%
500 Iowa Central prefd €5 .
Lake Erie & Western 58
Lake Erie & "Western prefd. 120
11.400 Louisville & Nashville ...110%
6,500 Manhattan L 122%
ie,600 Metropolitan Street Railway 175
4,900 Mexican Central 29%
700 Mexican National 11%
3w Minneapolis & St Louis 96
32.C00 Missouri Pacific 122%
700 Missouri Kansas & Texas 31%.
9,100 Missouri Kansas & Texas prefd 65
100 New Jersey Central ." 160
4,100 New York Central 157%
2.600 Norfolk & Western ....: 54Vi
Norfolk & Western prefd 90
Northern Pacific '. 120
100 Northern Pacific prefd 98»,i
8,400 Ontario & Western 37;i
P C C & St Louis 72
29.S00 Pennsylvania ....153%
13,600 Reading 47>-i
17,500 Reading 1st prefd SOto
11.S0O .Reading 2d prefd 68
1,200 St Louis & San Francisco 47%
St Louis & San Fran 1st prefd S5
2,700 St Louis & San Fran 2d prefd 74%
200 St Louis Southwestern 35V4
1,700 Et Louis Southwestern prefd 63%
121.100 St Paul 183Vi
3.100 St Paul prefd 194
37.200 Southern Pacific 60%
14.600 Southern Railway 34Vj>
2.1CO Southern Railway prefd 8SH
13.300 Texas & Pacific 48%
6W) Toledo St Louis & Westerns: 22fe
1,200 Toledo St Louis & Western prefd... 38
130,200 Union Pacific 113%
600 Union Pacific prefd 91
2.2C0 Wabash 23i>i
2,300 Wabash crefd 43i£
l.vffl' Wheeling & Lake Erie .v... 21
Wheeling & Lake Erie 2d prefd.... 34
20,400 Wisconsin Central ........ ';....... 2514
5,900 Wisconsin Central prefd 47&
Kxi>ress Companies — ¦
Adams 175
Amenean 200
United States 93
Wells Fargo 155
Miscellaneous—
4S.S00 Amalgamated Copper i 129
6,800 American Car & Foundry 83'4
1,400 American Car & Foundry prefd 82%
200 American Linseed Oil 2U4
200 American Linseed Oil prefd 50
1,400 American Smeltins & Refining 67"4
600 American Smelting & Ref prefd.... 102
6,000 American Tobacco 137
4,600 Anaconda Minlntr Co. 50%
4.&00 Brooklyn Rapid Transit 81>4
4.100 Colorado Fuel & Iron 132
1.200 Consolidated Gas 221 V&
6.200 Continental Tobacco : 67%
1,100 Continental Tobacco prefd 118%
700 General Electric -. 248
1.500 Glucose Sugar 61%
10.100 Hocking Coal 23%
4.900 International Paper 23
1.000 International Paper prefd 77
1,400 International Power 97
..<.... Laclede Gas £1
300 National Biscuit 45
4,100 National Lead 24»4
200 National Sclt 44
209 National Salt prefd 77
6.100 North American ...101%
200 Pacific Coast 71
1.700 Pacific Mail 42%
13,100 People's G?.s 118%
1,300 Pressed Steer Car..... _ 45
406, Pressed Steel Car prefd S6
Pullman Palace Car 209
46.200 Republic Steel 22%
9,400 Republic Steel prefd 76%
11.3C0 Susar :.. 143H
76.1C0 Tennessee Coal & Iron : 73%
6,000 Union Bsz & Paper Co 18 J ,4
200 Union Bag & Paper Co prefd /. 74
1.7(0 United States Leather 14%
l,f*0 United States Leather prefd 79%
300 United States Rubber 21
800 United States Rubber prefd: 62
2S,20i) United States Steel 4S%
10.1C0 United States Steel prefd 98%
5,100 Western .Union 95%
1,033,300 Shares *old.
CLOSING BONDS.
U S ref 2s, res. ..106% N J Cent gen 5s....l52U
Do coupon 107 IN-Y Cent lsts 107%
'U S 3s, reg 10S% j Nor Pac 3s 72%
Do 3s, coupon 1C8%1 Do«l3 .'. 105».J
Do new 4s, reg..l3R%IN Y. C & St L 4s.. 107
Do new 4s, coup.l3S%|Nor & W con 4s... 102%
Do old 4s. reg..lU. Or Nav lsts 109
Do old 4s, coup. 113% Do 4s 102
£>o Ss. reg 108% , Or S Line 6s 129%
Do 5s. coupon 10S% Or S Line con 5s. ..119
Dist of Col 3.65s. .126 Reading Gen 4s .. 98%
Atchison gen 4s... 104% Rio G West lsts... 103
Do adj 4s :.. 98% S L &. I M con 5s. 117
Can So 2n«l« 109% S L & S F gen 6s. .136'^
. Ches & Ohio 4%s..lO8% St Paul con .... 187%
Ches & Ohlo'5s....l20 St P, Chi & P lsts.118 •
Chi & N con 7s. .^.141% Do 5s 119%
C & N S F deb 5S.122 So Paciflc 4s ...... 93%
Chi Term 4s : 96U So Ry 5s 11S%
Colo So 4.«.......... 89% S Rope & T 6s 62
Den & R G 4s.. "....103^4 Tex & Pac lsts 118%
Erie Gen "4s .'.'. 90% Do 2nds ...... 89 .
F-W & D Cty lsts.107 Union Pac 4s; 106%
Gett Electric: 5s.... 183% Wabash lsts ; 118%
Iowa Cent lsts 115- Do 2nds .'......... 111%
L & N unified 4s. .104 West Shore 4s ....115>4
M K & T 2nds S7 Wls Cent 4s........ !>5%
' Do 4s 83% Va Centuries 96%
SAN FRANCISCO. June 17—5 p. m.
The following maximum temperatures were
repotted from stations in California to-day:
Eureka. 60; Mount Tamalpais, 75; San Luis
Obispo. 9S; Red Bluff, 94; Fresno. C8; Los
Argeles, "2; Sacramento, 8S; Independence, SS;
San Diego. 64.
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
61. minimum. 47; mean, 54.
Weather Report.
(120th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
The market for evaporated apples had a good
sale movement to-day. The demand was of fair
volume for choice and. fancy grades, but prices
were • unchanged, '¦ although fully sustained.
State common to good, 3^@5c; prime, 5%@
5%c; choice, 6@6%c, and fancy, 6Vfc@7c. . .
California dried fruits ruled dull and nomi-,
nal.
PRUNES— 2%@7»4c per pound, as to size and
quality.
APRICOTS— Royal, 8%c; Moorpark. 7%c.
PEACHES— Peeled, ll@18c; unpeeled, 6@10c.
«. : : _ «.
NEW YORK, June 17.— FLOUR— Receipts,
27,075 barrels; exports, 10,392 . barrels; market
quiet and a shade easier, with the drop in
wheat. V v. ' :"'
WHEAT— Receipts, 225,600 bushels; exports,
170,543; spot, easy. \ No. 2 , red, 7S%c t. . 0. b.
afloat; No.: 2 red, 77%c elevator; No. '1 North
ern Duluth, , 84%c t. , o. b. afloat; No. 1 hard
Duluth. S5'/Sc f . 0. b. afloat. Options ' opened
steady on foreign buying, , but later sold off
under liquidation prompted by a small visible
supply decrease, • bearish home crop news and
small export demand.' -Closed easy at %@%c
advance over Saturday's official close. July,
76%<377^c. closed 77Hc: September, 74@74%c,
closed 74Uc; October, 74»£@75%c, closed .71%c;
December, 75%@76i4c, closed 76c.
HOPS— Quiet.
- HIDES— Steady. ' . '
LEATHER— Steady. -
WOOL— Quiet. '
COFFEE— Spot Rio, dull; No. 7 Rio invoice,
6c; mild, quiet; Cordova, SV4@12%c. Futures
closed steady, with prices net unchanged to
five points lower. In j the interval of trading
business was quite of a local professional turn
and in the way of evening up.
SUGAR— Raw, steady, a Fair 1 refining, . 3%c;
centrifugal. 96 test, 4&c; molasses sugar,' 3?jc.
Refined, quiet. . - .
BUTTER — Reqeipts. 13,447 packages; firm.
Creamery, 15@19'/2C; factory ,* 12@14%c. •
EGGS— Receipts, 10,703 packages;- firmer.
Western candled, -13@13Vfec; Western ungraded,
ll@12%c. . ¦
New. York Grain and Produce.
Slight variations in Silver and Exchange.
Wheat and Barley dull and a fraction off.
Oats, Corn and Rye still quoted very dull..- x
Hay Ti'cak, but not actually lower. '. Feedstuff s as before.
No change in Beans and Seeds.
New Potatoes firmer again. Onions unchanged.
Vegetables generally in free supply and weaker.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs in ample supply and unchanged.
Fresh fruit market weak and well stocked. *
Five cars of Oranges sold at auction.
Dried Apples weakening in Nrd) York.
Meat market more settled, the strike being over. .
Another advance in Pacific Codfish.
Three cars of Eastern Poultry on the market.
Light stocks rising on the Bond Exchange. .'•'"> '¦¦¦¦-
CLOSING.
LONDON, June • 17.— Atchison, 90: Canadian
Faciflc, 106%; Union Pacific preferred, 94;
Northern Pacific preferred, 100: Anaconda, 10Vi;
Rand Mines. 42%; United States Steel, 50%; do
preferred, 10U4.
Bar silver, steady, 27 7-16d per ounce. ¦
Money, 1H per cent. - . . ' t. ¦ ¦ -r ' ' ¦
opened firm and; then went higher on New
York support. The feature was St. Paul,
which touched 191. This advance was partly
due to covering by the bears, who have become
somewhat fearful that the recent shipments. of
the certificates of the stock to New York has
produced a shortage of 10.C0O shares here. The
main cause of the advance was the report thai
Lnion Pacific would get control of St. Paul 011
the basis of f200 in bonds for $100 par value of
St. Paul stock. This is regarded as a good
thing for St. Paul,- and the- prediction is made
that it will touch 210. The arrangement is con
sidered as . bad for Union Pacific. Tlntoa are
56^ on Paris -sales and fortnightly statistics
show an increase of 302 tons in stock -and 877
tons in supplies. | Discount rates are unaltered.
To-morrow there will be a call for 10 ¦ per cent
of the £60,000,CCO consols. :' -'- -• ¦.•'-.:
Paris cheques, $25 20: Berlin.. $20 40%.' \
TUlle M. Zeimer (owner) with Ira W. Co
bum (contractor), architect T. Paterson Ros3
—All work for a 3-story basement and attic
frame building (3 fiats) on lot on N line of
Broadway, $2:6 E of Steiner, E 30 by N 137:fr;
$9953.
Henry Cornahrens (owner)' -with A. H. ¦ Wit
helm (contractor), architect C. A. Meussdorlter
—All work except painting, plumbing, electri
cal work, mantels, gas fixtures and shades for
a 2-story and basement frame building (flats)
on lot on N.E corner of Turk and Webster
streets, E 51:9 by N 60, Western Addition block
280; $6197.^
Same owner with G. C. Sweeney (contractor),
architect same — Plumbing, gas fitting a_ntl
iewtr work for same on same: $1059.
J. A. McCormlck (owner) wlU: W. A. Hlzka
(contractor), architect Matthew O'Brien— All
work for a 2-story and basement frame build
ing on lot on E line of Cole street, ffi X oj
Frederick. E 137:6 by N 25; $3020.
Harvey H. Dana (owner) with Thomas \v\
Butcher (contractor), architects Cunningham <a
Politec— AH work for a 4-story brick building
with basement en lot on W line of Steuart
street. 192 N of Mission, N 35:10 by W 137:6;
$27,386.
Builders' Contracts.
Estate of Joseph M. Comerford (by Eliza C»
Herbert, executrix, and Eliza C. Herbert) to
E. W. Thomas, lot on NE line of CorLand
avenue. 25 NW of California, NW 23 by NB
80; also lot on NE line of Cortland avenus,
50 NW of California. NW 23 by NE SO: also
lot on Cortland avenue, 75 NW of California,
NW 23 by NE 80; $1500.
Charles R. and Edith A. Carlson to Solemon
Getz. lot on W line of Ninth avenue. ISO If
of M street. N 23 by W 120; $1300.
Henry C. Holbrook to Tessie H. Field, lo*
on E line of Forty-eighth avenue. 273 N of Q
street. N 25 by E 120: gift.
C. B. and M. S. Towle to Olive Verkouteren.
lot on NE line of Ninth avenue south. 10C' S3
of N street. SE 100 by NE 100. block 166. Cen
tral Park Homestead; $1000.
Charitv L. Rodgers to J. G. F. OelleHch*
lot 40. block 4. City Land Association; *30Ow
George F. Lyon to John E. Hill, lot on W
line of Ninth avenue, 250 N of K street, M 23
by W 120; $1000.
George Golder to John F Duane, lot on SE
line of Natoma street, 323 NE of Seventh, NE
50 by SE 75. and lot on SE line of Nar.oma
street, 100 NE of Seventh. NE 23 by SE 75;
$2300.
Alexander Donaldson to Catharine E. Don
aldson, lot on SE line of Clementina street.
247:11 NE of Fifth, NE 22:11 by SE 80; gift.
Dora Leisen to Frederick Wegener, lot com
mencing- 78:9 E of Hyde street and 137:6 S of
Lombard, E 10:2 by S 60; $300.
Estate of Theodore Liebermann (by Eenry
Meyer and Morris- Rehflaeh, executors for
Daniel and Clara Meyer) to Daniel R. Tucker,
lot on S line of Washington street, 110:2 E of
Stockton. E 20:4 by S 60: $11,000.
Celia M. de Cazneau (by B. P. Oliver, com
missioner) to Hibernia Savings and Loan So
ciety, lot on W line of Dupont street, 72 N of
Greenwich, N 13 by W 57:9: $1300.
William McFarlane to James W. Cochrane,
lot on N line of Twenty-second street, 81 E
of Douglass, N 60 by E 26:9; $300.
of Eureka street, 120 N Ocean House road
(21st). N 25 by W 130; $500.
Eliza Thorrold (by B. P. Oliver, commis
sioner) to Hlbernia Savings and Loan Society,
lot on S line of Duncan street, 160 W of San
chez. W 30 by S 114; $oC0.
John Kenna to Bridget Kenna, lot on W Una
Hlbernia Savings and Loan Society to Mary
Carew, lot on E line of Dolores street, 175
S of Twenty- fourth. S 25 "by E 125; $1500.
" James F. McDaniel to Robert W. McE'aniel,
lot on W line of Fair Oaks street, 72 N of
Twenty-fourth, N 50 by W 117:6 (quitclaim
deed): $306.
John and Kitty Hall to Julia Akergren, lot
on E line of Sharon street, 225 S of Fiftsenth.
S 25 by E 125: gift.
Henry C. Holbrook to Tessie H. Field, lot on
S line of Twenty-flret street, 101:9 E of San
chez. E 50:11 by S 114: gift.
Joseph A. Bios to Helen and Joseph A. Bios
Jr., lot on N line of Nineteenth street, 30 E
of Capp. E 30 by N 90: gift.
Peter V. Busch and August C. Wocker to
John H. and Karen Hansen, lot on N line of
Sacramento street, 213:6 Vf of Cherry, W 25,
N 117:10%, E 23:6. N 9:9%. E 1:6. S 127:8^4; £2000.
Homer Tourjee (husband of Marie S. Tour-
Jee) to Henry L. Byrne, lot on S line oJ Clay
street, 105:4 W of Cherry, W 30 by S 127:Si4
(quitclaim deed); $1.
Estate of Lulu . Newneld (minor) by Minnie
Newfield (guardian) to Mark Meyer, lot on N
line of Page street, 131:3 W of Ashbury, W 59
by N 137:6; $1500.
Theresa Metzger and Adelheid C. Gutberlet
(Metzger) to Otto C. and Paula Berger. lot on
S line of McAllister street. 137:6 W of Brod
eriek. W 25 by S 137:6; $3C00.
Thomas K. Phillips to Anna D. Phillips, lot
on S line of O'Farrell street, 173 E of Pierce, B
34 by S 137:6; $6000.
John Rcsenfeld to Mary A. Jackson, lot on
SW corner of Golden Gate avenue and Steiner
street, W 137:6 by S 1C0; $L \
Mary A. Jackson to Ernestine Krellngr and
William H. Leahy, same; $48,500.
Thomas J. or John T. and Mary C. Kelly
to same, all Interest In same; $40CO.
Margaret Rayhill (wife of William) to Wil
liam Rayhill, all interest in lot on S ;ine of
Haight street, 156:3 W of Steiner, W 50 by
S 137:6; $5000.
Fred L. Lezinsky to Elsie I* . Lezlnsky. lot
on E line of Franklin street. 110 S of Vallejo,
S 27:6 by E 92:10%; gift.
Julia- — 02 Yellow Jacket.. 10 la
KEAI* ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Alpha* 02 04 Justice 02 03
Alta — OS Kentuck 01 C2
Andes 04 05 Lady Wash .... 01 —
Belcher 13 u'Mexican 22 23
Best & Belcher 18 19 1 Occidental 03 ot
Bullion — 03|Ophtr 91 92
Caledonia 36 37iOverman 17- is
Challenge 15 17]Potosl 09 10
Chollar 04 C6iSavage OS id
Confidence ..... 68 70 (Scorpion — ci
Con Cal & Va..2 15 Z 20|Seg Belcher.... — C3
Con Imperial... — 01! Sierra Nevada. 21 23
Con New York. — 01 Silver Hill 27 23
Crown Point... 07 OS St Louts 06 —
Eureka Con.;.. 06 — [Standard —3 79
Exchequer — 02 Syndicate 05 07
Gould & Curry 05 06 Union Con 17 IS
Hale & Xorc... 25 26 Utah 04 Co
MONDAY, June 17—4 p. m.
Bld.Ask. I Eid.Ask.
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
4S0 Belcher .... 121 6C0, Mexican 84
200 Caledonia 35| 2C0 Ophir -.. 93
30O Caledonia 34^-400 Ophir 92
150 Caledonia 36 3C0 Overman 1%
2C0 Chollar 05 700 Union Con 17
700 Con Cal & Va..2 20 2C0 Utah 04
1100 Mexican 25
100 Best & Belcher 2*j 310 Ophir 94
500 Chollar 06 200 Ophir 93
550 Con Cal & Va..2 20 200 Potosi 10
200 Hale & Norc... 2S 2CO Sierra Nevada. '4
650 Mexican 26: 30O Silver Kill 2S
500 Ophir 95' 2C0 Utah 00
Afternoon Session.
Morning Session.
The folio-wins; were the sales in the Paclflo
Stock Exchange yesterday:
Afternoon Session.
ICO Best * Belcher Ml 4CO Gould & Curry C5
100 Caledonia 3T>| 4CO Hale & Norc». . 27
250 Challenge VSj SCO Mexican 24
SO Con Cal & Va..2 25> liX) Overman j$
200 Crown Point... 07 2C0 Union Con uj
300 Gould & Curry 051
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
WASHINGTON.
Flour, qr sks....' 4,940[
Flour, qr sks.... 9,367|Raislns, bxs .... 1,700
Wheat, ctls ' 860 Hides. No 40.-.
Barley, ctls 9,970 Pelts, bdls 212
Oats, ctls l,94CLWool. bales 130
Corn, East, ctls.. 600[Straw, tons 3
Tallow, ctls , 232 Hay. tons 632
Leather, rolls .. 67 Middlings, sks... 630
Wine, gals 39,500 Bran, sks 3.C60
Lime, bbls ...... 637 Onions, sks 553
Chicory, bbls .... 32 Potatoes, sks .... 2.6T.3
FOR MONDAY, JUNE 17.
Receipts of Produce.
Bundles, per lb, 5c; cases, regular, $5 50;
cases, extra large. $5 73; cases. Eastern style,
$6 50; Boneless, 7c: Norway,- 7^ic; Narrow
gauge, 7V4c; Silver Kin*. 7%c; blocks Oriental,
7c; blocks, Seabright. 7Vic; tablets. 7%c: mid
dles. Golden State. 7%c; middles. White Seal,
8%c; 5-lb boxes fancy, bonaless. 9c; 2-lb boxes
fancy, boneless. 7V4c; desiccated, per doz, 73c;
Pickled Cod, barrels, each, $7 75; Pickled Cod,
half-barrels, each, $4 75.
PACIFIC CODFISH-Scme kinds have again
advanced, the revised list being as follows:
Crushed. 6.25c: Powdered, 5.85c; Candy Gran
ulated, 5.85c: Dry Granulated. 5.75c: Confec
tioners" A. 6.75c: Fruit Granulated, 5.75c; Mag
nolia A. 5.35c; Extra C. 5.25c; Golden C, 5.13c;
barrels. 10c more; balf-barrels. 25c more; box
es. 50c more; 50-lb bags, 10c more. No orders
taken for less than 75 barrels or Its equivalent.
Dnmlnoo. half-barrels. 6.50c: boxes. 6.75c per In.
COAL— Wellington. $9 per ton; Southfleld
Wellington. $9; Seattle. $7; Bryant, $6 50; Coos
Bay, $5 50; Wallsend. $3; Co-operative ¦Walls
end, $&; Cumberland, $12 in bulk and $13 23 in
sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $14; Can
nel. $10 per ton; Coke, $15 per ton in bulk and
$17 in sacks; Rocky Mountain descriptions. $S 45
per 2CC-0 lbs and $S 50 per ton, according to
. OILS— California Castor Oil. In cases. No. I.
T5c; pure, $1 30; Linseed Oil, in barrels, boiled,
i5c; raw, 73c; cases, 5c more; Lard Oil. extra
tvinter strained, barrels, 80c; cases. 85c; China
Nut. r,3@63c per gallon; pure Neatsfoot Oil.
barrels, 63c;. cases, 70c: Sperm, pure, 65c;
Whale Oil. natural white. 37>4@42%c per gal
lon; Fish Oil. in barrels, 35c; cases. 40c,
COAL OIL— Water White Ccal OH. In bulk.
12V^c; Pearl Oil, in cases, lS^c; Astral, lS^c;
Siar. ISHc: Extra Star. 22%c; Elaine. 23%c;
Eocene. 20 1 ,£c ; -deodorized stove Gasoline, In
bulk, 15c; in cases, 21c; Benzine, in bulk, 14c;
in cases, 20c; SC-degree Gasoline,. In bulk, 20c;
in cases. 26c.
TURPENTINE— 55c per gallon In cases and
49c in drums or iron barrels.
SUGAR — The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, per lb, in 100-lb bags:
GRAIN BAGS— San Quentln Bag9. $3 65; Cal
cutta Grain Bags, 7%c: local make." %c Ies3
than Calcutta?; Wool Bags, 30@34c; Fleece
Twine. 7%@?c.
General Merchandise.
ty and restored conditions to a normal basis.
Quotations are as before, r.' .' ' '
Wholesale: rates from slaughterers - to dealers
are as follows: - \ • '- ' _¦¦ ¦ ,. ' '
' BEEF— 7@7%c for Steers and eSe^c per lb for
C °VEAL— Large. 7%@3c: small.: S®9c per lb:
MUTTON— Wethers, 7@Sc; Ewes, 6«@ic per
pound. . '. " -*'*.;'{
LAMB— Spring. 8@9c per pound.
PORK— Live Hogs. ISO lbs and under. 6@6!£c;
180 to 225 lbs. 6c; 225 and over. 5*«®5-/sC; feed
ers, ; dressed Hoss, 7%@914c.
The' termination of the butchers', strike has
relieved the situation of considerable uncertain-
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about * lV&c under quotations. . Heavy Salted
Steers. 10%c; -medium. ¦ 9@9%c; '•¦ light. 9c; Cow
Hides. 8V4@9c for heavy and S@8V4c for: light;
Stags, 6V4c: Salted Kip, 9%c; Salted Veal.
9y,@10c; Salted Calf, 10c; Dry Hides, 16@lfi^c-
Culls, 13%@14c: Dry Kip, 16c; Dry, Calf, 16V-®
17c : • - Cul is i and . Brands, , 13@14c : ¦ Sheepskins,
shearlings, 15@30c each; short ? Wool, 30@50o
each; . medium, . 60®75c; ¦% long Wool, ¦ SCe@$l
each: ' Horse Hides, rsalt, $2 50@2 75 for larga
and $2 25 for medium. $1 50@l 75 for small and
50c for Colts;- Horse Hides, dry. $1 75 for large.
$1 50 for > medium, $1 25 " for small and 50c for
Colts. ; Deerskins — Summer or - red skins, 35c;
fall or medium skins, 30c; -winter or thin skins
20c. Goatskins— Prime Angoras, 75c; large and
smooth, '60c; medium. 33c- * ,
- TALLOW— No. .1 rendered. 4V5@Sc per lb; No.
2. 3V*@4c: grease. 2(S2i4c. ' ...
i WOOL — Spring." 1900 . or >'. 1901— Humboldt and
Mendocino. 13@14%c per lb: Northern, free, 12#
33c; defective. 9@llc; Middle County, free, 10®
lie; do defective, 8@10c; Southern. 12 months.
S(g9c; Southern. . free. 7 months. 7@10c;.do, de
fective. 1- months. 7@8c; Oregon Valley, fine.
14©15c; do.' medium and coarse. ll@13c; Oregon.
Eastern, choice, 11® 13c; do, fair to good, 9©llc;
Nevada, lie. : ¦, -
.HOPS— 15©20c per. lb.
Francisco Meat Market.
Hide's; Tallow, Wool and Hops.
- LARD— Tierces quoted at 6\e per lb for com
pound and lOHc' for pure; half-barrels, pure,
10%@10%c; 10-lb tins, ll@lltic; 6-lb tins, ll%c.
COTTOLENE— One half-barrel, 9%c; three
half-barrels, 9'/ic; one tierce, 9Jic; two tierces,
9c; five tierces, ST&c per lb. .
CURED MEATS— Bacon, 12c per lb for heavy :
12',4@13c for light medium, 13%c for llftht. 14%c
for extra light and 15V4c for sugar-cured; East
ern sugar-cured Hams. 12%@13c; Mess Beef, $12
per barrel; extra Mess, - $12 £0; Family, $U 50;
prime Mess Pork. $15; extra clear, $23; Mess,
$19; -Smoked Beef. 13%@14c per lb.
Previous prices rule and the market Is gen
erally firm.
Provisions.
. HONEY— Comb. 10@llc for bright and 9@9%c
for light amber: water white extracted, 5@5Vic;
light amber extracted. 4@4Hc; dark, 3 Vic.
BEESWAX— 25@28c per lb.
NUTS— Walnuts, No. 1 softshell. ll@ll%c:
No. 2. 8@S%c: No. 1 hardshell, 10@10%c; No. 2.
6«4@7V£c; Almonds. 13@14c for paper-shell, 10®
lie for softshell and 5@6 for hardshell: Pea
nuts, 5@6c for Eastern; Brazil Nuts, ll@ll%c;
Filberts. 12@12%c; • Pecans, ll@13c; Cocoanuts,
$3 50@5. -
¦ , RAISINS— The Raisin Growers* Association
has established the following prices.: Bleached
Thompson's fancy. 12c per lb; choice, lie:
standard, 10c; prime. 9c; unbleached Thomp
son's. 9c per lb. - Sultanas— Fancy. lOVic per lb;
choice. 9%c: standard. 8%c; prime. 8c; un
bleached Sultanas, 8c; Seedless, 50-lb boxes,
6%c; 4-crown, 7c; 3-crown, fi^c; 2-crown, . 6c.
Pacific brand— 2-crown, 5c; 3-crown, 5%e, and
4-crown. 5%c; seeded (Fresno prices). 6Vlc;
London Layers. 2-crown. $150 per box; 3
crown, $1 60; Fancy Clusters, $2; Dehesa, $2 50;
Imperials,. $3. All prices f. o. v b. at common
shipping. points in California. .'
PRUNES— 4 sizes. 3c; 40-50s, 6M,a; 50-60s, 4%c;
60-70s, 3%c; 70-SOs. 3^4c; S0-90s, 2%c; 90-100s. 2Uc;
1C0-12OS, l%c. • •
FRUITS— Apricots, 5@7}4c for old crop and
7%@SV&c f° r new; Evaporated Apples, 5V4ffl6c;
sun dried, lV2@2**c; Peaches, 3%@4c for stand
ard. 4V6@5V4c for choice and 6iS6Vsc for fancy;
Pears, 2@7c; Plums, pitted, 3@4c; unpltted, %@
l%c ; Nectarines, 4@4Vic for red and 4@5c i for
white. L
There is nothing further new, except that the
New York market' for 'Apples is reported less
active and somewhat weaker.
LOGAN BERRIES— $4@6 per chest.
BLACKBERIES— $3@5 per chest and 40@65c
per crate. ¦
RASPBERRIES— $5<g7 per chest and 75c@ 1 $t
per crate.
GOOSEBERRIES — 25@30c per drawer and 2@
2%c in bulk; Oregon Improved, 2%@3c; Eng
lish, — - per lb.
j CURRANTS— $2 50®6 50 per chest.
FIGS — From near-by points,. 75c@$l per box;
from Yuma, per crate.
MELONS— Watermelons from Indlo, 25@50c
apiece;- Nutmegs, from Yuma, $1 25@1 75 per
crate; from Indio, in large crates, $4 50.
| GRAPES— Seedless, from Arizona, $2@2 50 per
crate. . •
CITRUS FRUITS— Navel Oranges, $1 23@3;
SeedllnKS, $1@1 75; Mediterranean Sweets. $1 25
@1 75; ' Valencias, $1@3; ' Tangerines, 50c@$l 25;
Lemons. 75c@$l 25 for common and $1 oira'2 5U
for good to choice; Grape Fruit. 50c@$l 50; Mex
ican Limes, $4@5; Bananas, $1 50@2 50 per bunch
for New Orleans and $1 Wa 2 for Honolulu;
Pineapples, $2@4 per dozen. , -
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
STRAWBERRIES— $5@7 per chest for Long
worths and $3 5C@6 for large berries. Receipts
were 242 chests. - • ' - ' ¦
PLUMS— 15@35c per box, 20@35c per crate
and' W/fcffiSOc per basket for Clyman, and 5u@
75c per crate for . Tragedy.
CHERRY PLUMS— 2O@40c per box.
PEACHES— 25@10c per box and 25@50c per
basket. • . >••• •¦¦• - •
•PEARS— Madelines,. 15@3Oc per- box and 10
®20c per basket. . ' .
CHERRIES— 50® 90c for dark and 60c@$l for
Royal Anne; in bulk, 5@8c per lb for black.
5@6c for red and 6(g.9c for Royal Anne, j
APPLES— Cold storage, old. $1 25@2 50 per
box;' new; 15@30c per small- and 40c@$l per
large box, and 12Vk@35c per basket.
APRICOTS— 30@50c per box, 40@60c per crate
and 30® 40c per basket. •
DECIDUOUS FRUITS
Orchard Fruits continued in heavy . supply
and prices were generally weak, as will be
eeen. Figs and Grapes were lower.
' The canners bought Currants at $2 S0@3 per
chest.
There was no particular change in Berries.
Five cars of Oranges were auctioned as fol
lows: ' Choice Navels, $1@1 20; standard do, 70@
80c: Valenclas, $1@1 50. The market for Or
anges, Lemons and Limes remains unchanged.
Deciduous and CitnCs Fruits.
CHEESE— Fancy, full -cream.' Sc: choice,
7%c; common, ; nominal; Young Americas, 9c;
Eastern, full cream, 15@16%c per lb.
. EGGS—
California Ranch— Selected White, 17',Sc;
mixed colors' 15c per dozen. .'"- .
California Gathered — Selected, 15c; standard,
1214c; seconds, .
Dairy— Extras, 16c; firsts., 15c; seconds, 14c;
store, 13c. «
E.UTTER—
Creamery— Extras, 17c; firsts, 16c; 'seconds,
DAIRY EXCHANGE QUOTATIONS.
' BUTTER— Creamery, ' 17V4@18c per lb for
fancy and lS^SHc . f or seconds; dairy, 14@16VaC
per lb. • *
CHEESE— New, S@9c; old, • nominal; Young
Americas. 9@10c per lb. 1 ! •
EGGS— Ranch, lu@18 l /4c for good to fancy;
store, 12V4@14 1 / 4c per dozen. -
OPEN MARKET QUOTATIONS.
Receipts were 40,700 pounds and 104 tubs of
Butter, 994 cases of Eggs,- cases Eastern
Eggs, 4150 . Dounds California Cheese and — -
pounds Eastern Cheese.
¦ Cold-storing of Butter i continues, the con
sumptive demand being insufficient to consume
all the arrivals. The market shows no change.
Cheese is still in ' heavy . supply and 'weak.
The . advance in Eggs has apparently served
to check the demand and dealers report less
inquiry, with ample supplies for all needs.
Prices are unchanged.
Butter, Cheesf and Eggs.
' Three cars, of ;. Eastern were placed on *the
market and sales were made at $4 50@3 for
Hens, $4 50 for old Roosters, " $3 53 for largo
Broilers f 1 75 for Pigeons and Squabs, $3 50
for Ducks, $1 for Geese, 10c for Hen Turkeys
and 8c for . Gobblers.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, 8@9cc for Gobblers
and 10® lie for Hens; Geese, per pair, $1@1 25;
Goslings. $1@1 25; ¦ Ducks. $3 50@4 for ; old
and $4@3 for young; Hens, $3 50@4; young
Roosters, ?6@E: old Roosters, $3@3 50; Fry
ers. $4 ; Broilers, $3@3 50 for large and $1 75
@2 60 for small; Pigeons, $1 25(31 50 per dozen
for old and $1 25@1 50 for Squabs.
GAME— Hare, $1(311 25; Rabbits. $1 25@1 50 for
Cottontail and 75c@$l f or. Brush.
Poultry opened the . week dull, there being
considerable left-over. local stock offering.
Poultry and Game.
. VEGETABLES— Rhubarb, 25@60c per box;
Asparagus, $1 7502 for large,' $1 25®l 50 per box
for No. 1. and 50c@$l for No. 2; Green Peas,
$1@1 50 per sack; String Beans, 2®3c: Cabbage.
6O@75c . per ctl; Tomatoes,, from Los ! Angeles,
75c@$l: from Winters, 75(S>90c; Dried Pep
pers, 12<7rl8c; Dry Okra, 15@20c per lb; Car
rots 25@35c per sack; Marysville Cucumbers.
$10125 per box: Winters, $1 25@1 40: Bay, $2
@2 50; Garlic, 3@ic: Green Peppers. 20@30c per
lb ; Egg Plant. 6@7c per lb ; Green Corn, $1<5
1 75 per sack; Summer Squash, 30®50c per box;
Bay do, S5c@$l 25. .' /
ONIONS— Australians, jobbing, at $3 75@4:
New Red, 35@60c^per sack; New Yellow, 90c@
$1. per ctl. ...
POTATOES— Burbanks, $1 30@l 60 for Oregon:
New . Potatoes. . $1 05@l 75 . for. Burbanks and
$1 10<S?l 25 for Early Rose in boxes.
< There was a general ¦ weakening in Vege
tables,- Corn, Squash, String Beans, Aspara
gus, Cucumbers and Tomatoes - being lower.
Alamerta Corn came in and , brought $2 25@2 50
per crate. ¦ -
New Potatoes were firmer again. They have
been very irregular of late, being firm ono
day and weak the next. Old show no change.
Onions also stand about the same.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
©5; "Large ', White. -J4@4 20; Pink. $1 40@l 70;
Red, $3@3 25; Blackeye, $3 10@3 25; Limas, $6 .25
@6 35;fea,:nomin£f;'Red Kidney, $4 75 per ctl.
¦ . SEEDS— Brown Mustard, .' nominal; Yellow
Mustard, nominal; Flax, $2 50@3; Canary. 3^4®
3%c for Eastern; Alfalfa.' nominal; Rape, 2©
liy-c: Hemp. 3%c; Timothy. 6hi.c. -• >
DRIED PEAS— Niles, $1 60 per ctl. ;
WASHINGTON,
¦ TACOMA, June 17.— WHEAT— Weaker and
%c lower; blue stem, 61c; club, 59c.
PORTLAND, June 17.— Fifty-nine cents is
the best quotation for Walla Walla for export,
and there is very- little offering at that figure
Cleared— Ship Alsterschwan, with 139.0S5
bushels of wheat; bark Neville, with 144,757
bushels of wheat and ship H. H.- Hackfield
with 70,603 bushels of wheat, all for Queens
town. , .•
OREGON,
Northern Wheat-Market.
Portland's Business.
PORTLAND, June 17.— Clearings, $450,593
balances, $65,04L .
LIVERPOOL, June 17.— WHEAT— Spot No. 2
Western, dull, Bs 1 lOd; No. 1 " Northern spring,
dull, 5s 10V£d; No. 1 California, steady, 6s Id;
futures, easier; July, 5s 8%d; September, 5s
S%d. !
i CORN— Spot, quiet; American mixed, new, 3s
lUid; do old, 4s 2%d; futures, quiet; July, 3s
lHfcd; September, 3s ll%d; October, nominal.
HOPS— At London (Pacific Coast), steady,
£4@£4 15s.
CLOSING,
LONDON, June 17.— Consuls, 93 11-16; silver,
27 7-16 ; French Rentes, lOOf .- 12V£c ; J cargoes on
passage, quiet and steady; No. 1 Standard Cali
fornia. 29s 6d; Walla Walla, 29s 4}4d; English*
country markets, dull ; imports of wheat into
United Kingdom, 389,000 bushels; imports of
flour into United Kingdom, 391,000 bushels;
wheat and flour on passage to United Kingdom,
3,450,000 bushels; wheat and flour on passage to
Continent, 1,610,000 bushels; Indian shipments
of wheat to United Kingdom, 254.C0O bushels;
Indian shipments of wheat to Continent, 38,000
bushels. . ¦ . !
LIVERPOOL.' June 17.— Wheat, quiet; No. 1
Standard California, 6s Id;, wheat in Paris,
firm; flour in Paris, firm; French country mar
kets, quiet. '>
COTTON— Uplands, " 4%d. . : .
Foreign Markets.
¦_ NEW YORK, June 17.— The opening was firm
and . 4@>7 points higher, - which was soon in
creased to 6®8 ; points. But within the first
hour a setback occurred, cutting down the rise
to 2@4 points. : In the afternoon trading was
active and general,, with public buying quite
a feature. The advance carried 'July to $8 33,
August to $7 77, September to $7 41. and Janu
ary to $5 43, after which there was a reaction
of 3@4 points. - . »
New York Cotton Market
• CHICAGO. , June 17.— Earl Fruit Company's
sales of California' fruit: „ *
Apricots — Royals, ¦ , $1@1 25, single . crates.
Peaches— Alexanders,* 45@90c. Plums— Clymans,
45@90c; Klondike average, 75c,'- single crates.
Porter Bros.' sales: Cherries— Tartarians, 80c
©SI 50; Bigarreau, 30c(gU 45; Royal Anne,-70c@
$1 60; • Republicans. $1 05@l 15. E Peaches—Alex
anders," 35(B73c:-v. Hale' s, 95c@$l-35. Plums —
Clymans. 65c@$l 75; Royal Hatives. 85@95c; Red
Junes; $1 05® 1 65 r Burbanks, $1 20@l 40. Prunes
—Tragedy, $1 35@1 65; Simonls. $1 20@l 85.' Apri
cots-n 05. ¦ -T.-.- ¦-. .. •¦¦¦-. - -•-¦•••-.
NEWr YORK," June 17.— Porter Bros. Com
pany's sales of California fruit: "- . .'¦: •
, Cherries— Republicans. . 95c@$l 40. Peaches-
Alexanders, 4oc@$l 20; Hale* s, 60@90c. Apricots
—Royals.- $l@i 65 ; - Meorpark, • $1 30;Montgamet,
$1 35-§>l 40. Plums— Clymans. 60@95c; Climax,
55ctg>|3 40; Royal Hative, 65c@$l 05;' St. Cath
erines. 80c; Burbanks. 80c® $2 75;. Red June, 75c
@$1 55; Tragedy, $1 10@2 BO; Peach, $1 65; ¦. Sl
monls.90c@U 15: Abundance, $1@1 75; Califor
nia Red. $1 05; Japan, $1 65; Yosabe. 80c@$l Bo.
Peaches— Governor Garland,- S3@95c. . Fourteen
cars of fruit were sold to-day.- -
PHILADELPHIA, June 17.— The Earl Fruit
Company sold California fruit at auction to
day, realizing the following prices: Apricots-
Royals, single crates, Jl 05@l 50. average $1 45.
Peaches— Alexanders, boxes, 70@85c, average
75c ; Briggs' - Early May, boxes, 65c@$l, aver
age 68c. Plums— Clymans, single crates, - 93c@
$1 05, average $1; Red June, single crates, aver
age ?1 30; Royal Hatives, average $1 10; Trag
edy, single crates. $1 50@2 15, average $1 94.
Cherries— Bings, boxes, average. $1 70. Six cars
sold to-day. "Weather favorable. .
California Fruit Sales.
the closcvonthe basis of $9 50@10 25 for pig iron
warrants; Northern foundry, ,-v $14 25@15 50:
Southern foundry, $13 75@15 23, and , soft, $12 75
@15 25. .English markets were somewhat lower,"
closing at 53s Ed, and '. MlddlesborouRh at . 44s
10^d. In, response to a decline < of £2. in spot'
tin at London the local market ruled weak all
day- and dropped "about. 60 points without any
business of ¦ consequence ' being done and at the
close • the • market was very weak, with spot
quoted at $27 70@27 90 . Spot tin -in London
closed, at £127 10s ; Id, futures at £123. Ci ¦
Copper In London - was 5s lower to-day under
an absence of buyers and ¦ closed easy at £6S
lCs Sd for spot and £63 5s for futures. :
Locally, copper was: nominally. unchanged.
_T«ad and spelter were without change here
from • Saturday's close . $4 37V- and $3 95@4 re
spectively being the closing basis.
THE SANJ TRA^CISCq CALL, TUESDAY^ JIJlSrE 18, 1901;
STOCK MARKET.
LOCAL MARKETS.
Foreign Futures.
J A Daly. Napa .¦¦•.!
H de V WiUlxns iw.NT
M Dlepenbrock, Sacto
Miss F Lamar, S Jose
Him L Lamar, S Jsao
A Ehle. Chicago
Q lierkel & w. Ohio
J 1» Pfeiffer. Toraales
G W Snider & w, Kami
PALACE HOTEL
J F Lawless, Seattle
M H Brondson, Provn
F Green. W Chester
C Olcott & w, N Y
E Schultz. N Y
Mrs D K McDonald.
Spokane
Miss C Hireen. Spkns
Dr G Hoze, Vienna".
J Jones. Los Angeles
A E German, Los Ang
Miss German, L Ang
G F Swain, Boston
J F Lawless, Seattle
R V Ellis, Hanford
F H Short. Fresno
G Purcell, Los Ang
Kate A- Kelley. L Ang
W Whacker, Portland
W S Dennis, St Paul .
R S Johnson. N Y
L Mulr & w, Los An?
Mrs F Stlmson. Seatlej
R H Madglll, N'Zlandj
L"A Johnson, Boston
J H Meyer & w.Menlo
G W Myers. N Y
W B Peck & w, N Y
W L Vail & w. ios A
I F. Sher, N Haven
E J Stungham. N Y
M Herat. -.N-Y
J D Wood, Salt Lake
J E Bamberger S L*k
"W C Campbell, Art::
W J B Lee. Bakrsfleld
F D Newberry. Pena
H F NoTcross & w,
Los Angeles
H A Strauss, X T
P C Gernert. Ky
A J Rand, Et Louis
A C Harmon. Cal
R S Basher & w. Va
Dr R S Basher Jr. Va
P S Basher. Va
Miss E G Basher, Va
Mlss-E M Basher. Va
L H Basher. Va
F S Glass, Berkeley
A BUimberg, Prescott
J. E Hurley. Los An?
C D Spencer, L03 Ans
A Johnston. Fresno
A Dallman, N Y
G F Kins K Y
F Kuhn. X Y
F A.Juiniard.D C
TV P Waggaman. D C
E L Camp. D C
E E Manhelm, Fresro
J Toder & w. Svdne:'
C H Hlsbee. N Y
J E Henry, San Jos«
J T Lynch. Menlo
GRAND
F R Clark, St Louis
R Hilton, Alberta
Mrs K Klaus, Cleveld
H R Seager. Phlladel
P R Mahoney, S Jose
M Henry. Haywarda
J Ball, Ben Lomond
W W Buckley, Stktn
J H Weir, U S N
J J Also:*. N Y
M W Barnard. Tucson
F L Morsran. Los Ang
M Jacobscn. Santa Ana
Mrs V Lewis, Portland
Mrs W Bell. Cal
J W Seiover. Portland
H Stevens. Dallas, Tex
J Smith, Fresno
HOTEL.
R D.Holablrd. L Ansr
F M Manson, Chicago
R J Currey. DIxon
J W Ka3eleny, Rcsevlle
H E Ford. Portervill*
F*. H Fa Iran. Merced
T J Nash, Seattle
K D Hart. Sacto
W M Lowell, Sacto
B Freischer. Rio Visti
A Morris. Woodland
L'SI Hancock. Nev Cty
J M Baker. San Jose
J E Nolan, Big Pine
P V Flint. Sacto
E Ellis. Indiana '
A B Wood. Detroit
Mildred Lance. S Lak»
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
Chicago Grain Market.
8
a .2 .K o 3 92
STATIONS. 1 lHl-51 ll fl
• : I j 3 p.3 |" j ?
Aetoria 29.84 76 E2 NW Clear 0
Baker 23.S6 V8 54 NW Cloudy 0
Caison 29. S2 SO 41 \V Pt Cldy 0
Eureka 23.90 60 52 W Cloudy 0
Fresno 29.70 88 64 NW Clear : 0
Flagstaff 21.94 84 38 S • Clear 0
Pocatello. Idaho.-28.SI 82 £8 W Cloudy T.
Independence ....29.6S SS CO S Pt Cldy 0
Lcs Angelee. 29.SS 72 «» SW. Clear 0
Phoenix 29.62 104 62 NW Clear 0
Portland 23.78 86 58 NW Clear 0
Red B!u5 29.72 94 4S SE Pt Cldy 0
Roseburg 29.74 S6 52 N Clear 0
Sacramento 29.76 88 60 SW Pt Cldy 0
Sslt Lake 29.7S S6 62 N Clear 0
Fan Francisco 29.S8 58 4S SW Cloudy 0
San Luis Obispo.29.90 76 44 N Clear 0
Pan Diego ».90 64 SS SW Clear 0
Fcattle .......t...29.8S 82 54 NW Clear 0
Fpokane 29.88 S2 48 NE Clear 0
Neah Bay «9.90 C2 48 W Clear 0
Walla Walla..... 29.84 86 50 N Clear 0
Whmemucca 2S.74 82 ;0 SW Cloudy 0
Yuma 29.66 100 66 W Clear 0
a .2 .K o 3 92
STATIONS. 1 lHl-51 ll fl
• : I j 3 p.3 |" j ?
Aetoria 29.84 76 E2 NW Clear 0
Baker 23.S6 V8 54 NW Cloudy 0
Caison 29. S2 SO 41 \V Pt Cldy 0
Eureka 23.90 60 52 W Cloudy 0
Fresno 29.70 88 64 NW Clear : 0
Flagstaff 21.94 84 38 S • Clear 0
Pocatello. Idaho.-28.SI 82 £8 W Cloudy T.
Independence ....29.6S SS CO S Pt Cldy 0
Lcs Angelee. 29.SS 72 «» SW. Clear 0
Phoenix 29.62 104 62 NW Clear 0
Portland 23.78 86 58 NW Clear 0
Red B!u5 29.72 94 4S SE Pt Cldy 0
Roseburg 29.74 S6 52 N Clear 0
Sacramento 29.76 88 60 SW Pt Cldy 0
Sslt Lake 29.7S S6 62 N Clear 0
Fan Francisco 29.S8 58 4S SW Cloudy 0
San Luis Obispo.29.90 76 44 N Clear 0
Pan Diego ».90 64 SS SW Clear 0
Fcattle .......t...29.8S 82 54 NW Clear 0
Fpokane 29.88 S2 48 NE Clear 0
Neah Bay «9.90 C2 48 W Clear 0
Walla Walla..... 29.84 86 50 N Clear 0
Whmemucca 2S.74 82 ;0 SW Cloudy 0
Yuma 29.66 100 66 W Clear 0
TUESDAY. June 13. 11 a. m., 20 good business
Horses.. 17 Work and Drivers. 2 fast Pacers \
Handsome Shetland Pony. and Trap. 30 seta
Harness. 50 styles of BuRKies and AVa?ons
S. WATKINS, AuctiDneer.
fe. AUCTION AT !'4) F0LS031.
THIS DAY.Harriet M. Baldwin was granted a dl
vorce from Harry Baldwin yesterday on
the ground of desertion. Suits for divorce
have been filed by Fannie R. Patrick
against H. W. Patrick for desertion, Lou
isa A. Short against B. "W. Short for cru
elty and Hannah T. McLees against
James T. McLees for desertion. C. M.
Hatcher has sued Carrie Hatcher to ?m
nul their marriage, alleging.- statutory
grounds.
In the Divorce Court.
LONDON, June 18.— Ex-Governor Pln
gree's physicians left him at midnight.
There is continued apprehension as to his
condition. The strongest drugs have
failed to check the dysentery and the
only hopeful symptom is that the patient
is enabled to partake of nourishment.
Ex-Governor Pingree Very HI.
CHEYENNE. Wyo., June 17.— Marcus
Boegeli, who until recently conducted a
saloon in San Francisco, was robbed of
$400 and letters of credit amounting to
$2100 while a passenger on a Union Pacific
train to-day. Boegeli -was en route to
Germany for a visit. He says three men
held him while a fourth took the money.
.The robbers escaped.
San Franciscan Bobbed.
MASK THALL GOING EAST
. FOR P1LAYS AND PI.AYER3
Mark Thall, the well known theatrical
manager, and Charles Bryant, stage man
ager of. the Alcazar, leave to-night for
New York on business. They will be
away for two or three weeks, and during
their stay In the East will perfect plans
for reproducing a number of late New
York successes at the Alcazar and Central
theaters. Mr. Thall will also engage a
number of new people for the local stock
companies.
¦ : As a result of this trip the theater-goers
on this coast will have an opportunity of
seeing a very strong stock company in the
latest and most popular plays. It is the
intention of Messrs. Belasco, Thall and
Mayer to form a chain of theaters In the
big. cities on this coast. It will not be In
the nature of a trust, but simply a com
bination to enlarge the theatrical field
and give certain cities the benefit of their
successful experience in running stock
houses. It will be their -purpose to keep
strong stock companies on the road and
play at the various theaters under their
control.
During Mr. Thall's absence In the East
Fred Belasco and Maurice E. Mayer will
look after the two local show houses.
Among many leading Republicans who>
actively participated in the prolonged Sen
atorial contest at Sacramento and made
a gallant and successful fight to maintain
the honor of the State there are several
who seem determined to ascertain,
whether our senior Senator, George C.
Perkins, proposes to recognize their serv
ices as valuable to the party. Last Fri
day State Senators Belshaw, Caldwell and
Smith ha< a heart-to-heart talk with the
United Staft* Senator who dwells In Ala
meda County and expects that county to
send to the Legislature a delegation,
pledged to use all honorable means to
bring about his re-election to the United
States Senate." Plain language was used
at the conference. The State Senators at
the conclusion of the interview expressed
the opinion that Senator Perkins would
respect the wishes of Republicans who
haa opposed boss rule in party affairs.
It was readily perceived that the Sen
ator would, prefer to go right along and
make the contest for his re-election on the>
basis of his own personal fitness and- past
service without touching the principles of
party Integrity which were recognizei In
.the. battle which culminated in the elec
tion of Senator Bard, but the visiting del
egation contended that the Senator should
come fairly into line with the anti-boss
forces of the State and assist In upholding
the principles of good government and
clean politics. . .
There was no demand that Republicans
who opposed the election of Senator Bard
should be turned down and Ignored, but
there was a demand that Federal office
holders who went to Sacramento and.
made themselves offensively conspicuous
in the advocacy of boss methods of manip
ulating the Legislature should not be re
appolnted to office.
As a general proposition Senator Per
kins is in favor of reappointlng or retain
ing in service for an Indefinite length of
time the present regime of Federal office
holders. Frank Leach's four years' term
as Superintendent of the Mint expired last
week. W. W. Montague's four years'
term as Postmaster of San Francisco will
expire next week. There are no indica
tions and no demand for a change In
either office. John P. Irish, Naval Officer,
and Joseph S. Spear, Surveyor of Cus
toms, will probably serve throughout
President McKinley's administration. The
term for which United States Marshal
Shine was commissioned will not expire
until next year. John C. Lynch'a term as
Collector of Internal Revenue will expire
within two months. The offices of Col
lector of the Port and United States At
torney for the Northern District of Cali
fornia were recently filled by appoint
ment. J. M. Gleaves, United States Sur
veyor General, and Charles Bassett.
United States* Shipping Commissioner, are
willing to keep right along In the service.
Republican Primary League.
There will be a meeting this evening of
the promoters of the Republican Primary
League. Subjects connected with district
organization will be discussed. Many citi
zens visited the rooms of the league at
930 Market street yesterday and last night.
What Perkins Heaxd at
a Recent Interview
in His Office.
Federal Patronage Leading
Topic of an Animated
Conference.
STHAIGHT TALK
TO THE SENATOR
SARANAC LA.KE, N. Y.,- June 17.—So
cial and religious circles nere were elec
trified yesterday morning directly after
church, when the news, got abroad that
Rev. William Tatlock, pastor of the Pres
byterian church, was to be challenged to
a duel to the death by Harry Gilmore,
son of Colonel Gilmore of v the regular
army. The rumor was immediately veri
fied by young Gilmore, who, instead of
going to church, spent the morning hurry
ing around Saranac in search j of friends
to act as seconds. A friend of Tatlock
Bald late last night:- '.
¦ 'T.' hear from Gilmore's headquarters
that he is now writing out a formal, chal
lenge. How Tatlock will treat it I don't
know. I believe,) however, that the pastor
has already written an account of the en
tire matter to Gilmore's mother, and it
is quite likely that if neither of the com
batants Is killed In the contest one, at
least, of them will get spanked. If, as we
all hope, Tatlock accepted Gilmore's chal
lenge, I know at least two of his elders
who will act : as seconds on the field."
; Injthe meantime all Saranac -1st torn up
.over the prospect of. such a sensational
event as a real duel. Mr, Gilmore is pre
paring for a West Point examination and
Tatlock has served him. In the- capacity
of tutor. The misunderstanding is the re
sult of a disagreement over a- question In
mathematics., . .• ; \ • .-. .
Son ,of Colonel Gilmore
K Out for His Tutor's-
Life-Blood.
The third lecture of the series -which is
being delivered by Dr. Benjamin de Costa
drew a large audience' last" night : to
Metropolitan Temple. In treating his sub
ject, which was " "The Bible Among the
Masses of the American -People," the
eloquent speaker argued that the Catholic
Church is the only true exponent of the
Bible, as the infallible word of God, and
¦that the church had always interpreted
it in the light of progress and* .true
science. He vigorously defended the
teachings of the holy book against the at
tacks of the high critics. ...
Rev. Father Peter C. Yorke presided
and in his introductory remarks p,aicl' a
high compliment to the ability and worth
of Dr. de Costa, saying that there are
none more able than he to . defend tho
Bible. At the conclusion of Dr. de Costa' s
address, Father Yorke took occasion to
make a few remarks,. ._ in which he
vehemently criticized the modern press,
stating that in. their columns might be
seen side by side reports of sermons and
sensational stories.. He, argued that the
¦^papers should -keep outr-of the pulpit and
the sanctuary^-': ; ,; \ • ¦••- i
Dr. dfe Costa- spoke^ in part -as follows:
' .It has been declared .by some of 'the modern
scholars that no person .'of. education accepts
the teachings of. the Bible as Infallible. ; Then
Leo XIII is uneducated; then all .the graduates
pf the colleges and . seminaries, and all the
clergy of the world are. uneducated. 1 ; v ; i.
Catholic -Church Can Defend Bible.
. The non-Catholics can . make no defense of
their doctrines because : their beliefs are. not
definitely outlined. They, cannot defend the
Bible, because they know- not what part of it
to defend. . On the other hand . the Catholic
Church can defend the entire Bible as the in
fallible word of. God. For a long time before
I became a convert I saw in the distance the
strong walls of the Catholic Church and deemed
'them impregnable. The non-Catholics have de
fended the Bible until they have destroyed it;
juntil they have driven 50,000,000 people in this
country to disbelieve in its teachings.
\ The Catholic Church has always interpreted
;the Bible in accordance with progress and the
spirit of the age. It wages no conquest be
tween religion and true science.' Around the
Bible the church has built. a wall more Im
pregnable ' than . the Emperors of Rome ever
built around the Imperial City. If we allow a
single doubt to be cast upon any of the teach
ings of the Bible, the whole book Is swept
away. The church is its natural guardian. It
haa been said that the Bible, next to the sac
raments, is most sacred. . Then . as a matter
of right the church should be its guardian, as
it is the administrator of the sacraments.
Need of an Instructor.
. The Bible does not teach infallible truths to
all. In the use of the Bible we need an in
structor, just as we need an instructor in the
use of a medicine chest. No one of you would
po into a pharmacy and. attempt to order drugs
without competent medical advice.
'TWere is not a line or a sentence anywhere
In the Bible that proclaims that It Is superior
to the church. The Lord exhorted His Apostles
to go forth and instruct the people 'with their
voices. The Bible everywhere exhorts us to
listen to the teachings of the church. Down
.to the sixteenth century.no one ever heard
that the Bible was the supreme rule of faith.
Such a claim finds no place in the book itself.
. • Before Luther discovered his chained copy
of the Bible, fifty-eight editions, or more than
300,000 copies, of it had been printed. The Bible
was chained in the churches * in order that
«very : one might come and read . it. Scholars
have ' admitted that the . Catholic . Church j has
never mutilated the Bible to, support its teach
ing. •-•.-• • ' : • ..' ' ¦ . ¦
: The Catholic Church to-night Is the hope and
defense of the Bible. Before It is & great fight
and the angels are looking down, from the bat
tlements of heaven to see the outcome. Catho
lics, to-night the eyes of the world are upon
you as < the only true protectors and exponents
of the Bible. ' - ' • " ' ~ " '
DEMANDS DUEL
WITH PREACHER
The Rev. Father Yorke Pre
.; sides and Makes Some
Remarks. "
DE COSTA TALKS
UPON THE- BIBLE
Claims That the Catholic
¦ - '¦ ' " it ¦ ¦
Church. Is Its Pro
tector.
best. -Miss Alice Barnum, aged 7, pleased
with her rendition of "Sing, Sweet Bird,"
and Ed B. Adams' descriptive and.popu
lar songs were well received. A trapeze
performance by the Samayaosand ; club
swinging by the three Gillens gave - nov
elty to the entertainment.
Chutes.
The Chutes offers a strong, bill this
week. The Toblns are clever musicians
and scored a hit with their refined musi
cal act. Little Baby Metzler is one of
the cleverest children* ever seen here. Oth
er good numbers are Senorita Lopez in
Spanish dances, Martinettl and Suther
land in a laughable sketch, Clinton Mont
gomery in illustrated songs. La Lista in
a fire dance and new moving pictures.
Olympia.
There is a good bill at the Olympia this
week. lone in her spectacular trans
formation act has a thoroughly up-to
date novelty, and Miss Maude de Alma
has little to learn of the art of soubrette
ship. All the numbers were well received
last night by a large audience.
PICTURESQUE SCENE IN THE
ALCAZAR THEATER'S OF
FERING FOR .THIS WEEK..
Actor and Actress Wed.
CHICAGO, June 17.— Miss May Hosmer,
the actress, and George R. Fiske, actor
and singer, were married here to-day.
ment to-night before Notary W. J. Morti
mer, saying:
"This evening Miss Adams came to
Thomas S. Allen's house at 2101 Hearst
avenue, where I reside, and requested
! me to go with her to her home to pro
tect her from her father's abuse. I en
tered the. house with her and walked Into
-a bedroom, where I was met by her father,
Charles Adams. I did not threaten him
or show him any violence. I simply told
him that he must not abuse, his daugh
ter, whereupon Charles Adams shot me.
I then jumped on him and smashed his
! face and beat the devil out of him."
Miss Adams is 22 years of age. She and
her brother Carl, 10 years old, were cared
for at the White residence. Miss Vera
White said:
"Miss Adams was in constant fear of
her father. He has been crazy drunk most
of the time-since they have been here
and has had delirium tremens. He beat
Miss Adams, and she was afraid that he
would kill her. She is prostrated and In a
very low condition."
At the Receiving Hospital Adams made
the following statement:
Claims He Was Justified.
"Jessup and I are the best of friends,
but he interfered in my business and I
shot him. I told him I would shoot him.
My daughter let him into the house and
I heard him coming up the stairs. I was
in my room at the time. I took my pistol
and went to the head of the stairs and
warned Jessup not to come up. I told
him I was irresponsible, that I was in an
angry mood and that I would shoot, .but
he kept right on coming. Then to avoid
trouble I backed into my room, though
still pointing the pistol at him.
"When he got to the threshold of my
door I thought it was time to act, so I
fired one shot. I kept telling him not to
come, but he did not heed me. I had no
intention of killing him. He was the last
man In the world I would have killed.
That was why I shbt him where I did. I
aimed for his left shoulder. I fired only
one shot. I had five others that I could
have fired, but ray object was only to stop
him. The revolver is a Smith & Wesson
that I've had years.
"As soon as I fired Jessup ran toward
me and grappled me around the body. I
didn't make much of a resistance. Jes
sup gave me a terrible beating with the
butt end of my own pistol. I don't blame
him a bit. I hope he recovers and I'm
sorry that I had to shoot him, but when
a man interferes with another man that's
what he gets. . ' •¦
Praises Man He Shot.
"Jessup and 1 are old friends. He is
a perfect gentleman. I don't think he
ever did a wrong thing In his life. But
he uid interfere with me, and interference
in my affairs I will not brook. There was
one thing that I resented, and that was
Jessup's attentions to my daughter. He
is a married man with a daughter of his
own, though his wife is separated from
him. But then that was not why I shot
Jtssup. I would not have shot him . on
that account, because I consider him per
fectly honorable. There was nothing in
the doctor's action to create suspicion
and nothing in my daughter's actions
that were reprehensible. I will stand by
my daughter's charactetr, and I will
stand by Jessup's character.
"I'm all right, but I hate to be dis
turbed when I'm drunk. I've been drunk
almost right along now for two years. I
left the ministry because I couldn't- get
drunk when I wanted to, and I've been
drinking ever since."
Drink Ruined Him.
Adams was taken to the .County Jail
after his wounds were dressed* He Is 51
years of age, a native of New York. He
was ordained into the diaconate of the
Episcopal church in Ohio in 1872, and be
came a priest three years later. Of much
intellectual strength, . he had numerous
rectorships, among them churches at
Northumberland and Oil City, Pa.; South
port, Conn.; Fremont, Ohio; St. Philip's
Church of Cincinnati and St. Mark's
Chapel ard the Church of the Incarnation
of New York City. He had a church at
Hanford. and his last charge was St. An
drew's Church of Oakland. Drink drove
him out of tha ministry. W. J. Adams, a
civil engineer of San Francisco, is a
broth«i of the former preacher. Adams
has lived In Berkeley j since he was dis
missed from the church. Hej is a wid-
Dr. Jessup -Is a member of the Grand
Army of the Republic. He is 55 years old
and a native of Wisconsin. When a. boy
he ran away from school and joined the
army. He has lived and conducted dental
parlors in this city for the past five years.
He is treasurer of both the Order of
Red Men and of the Marston Volunteer
Hose Company. ¦••¦/,: -. ./.''Xi
About six years ago Dr. Jessup and his
wife separated, the latter taking the only
child, a daughter. The present where
abouts of the .wife and daughter is un
known to Jessup. Dr. Jessup has been in
this State for many years. -Heat one
time lived in Ventura and is known in
other sections of the State where his
travels took him. *
A wealth of good vocal music was of
fered at Fischer's last night. Paraskova
Bandoline's "Flower Song" from "Faust,"
the "Dio Possente.V from the same opera,
sung by Signor Abramoff, . and "Caro
Nome," from "Rigoletto," were all splen
didly given. Charity Martin in the grand
aria from "Robert the Devil" was at her
, Fischer's Concert House.
"Darcy of the Guards," with Henry
Miller in the title role, will be the bill for
to-morrow evening and Wednesday mati
nee. On Wednesday "The Importance of
Being Earnest" will be giyen and
"Heartsease" wilUclose the star s-engage
ment. "Darcy" is doing better than in its
first production, • and the many little
changes that have been made have
strengthened the pretty play consider
ably. In the title role Miller has a role
that fits him as a glove. Miss Rockwell
makes a convincing Pamela and Grace
Elllston a dainty and fetching Cynthia.
Columbia.
Of the new-comers this week at the Or
pheum Odell Williams and his clever com
pany are the dramatic stars. . In make
up, speech and action he is the real cari
cature of the old-time Judge from Mis
sissippi with a horror of /'a long, time be
tween/' Next are Cole and Delosse,
wonderfully daring on the'slack wire. The
riding of the bicycle on the wire Is a"bril
liant bit of balancing. Lester Reeves, the
barytone, made a good impression with
rather unfortunate selections. As a com
edy musical . , artist Ed Latell is unap
proachable in '..skill: and Originality. The
East Indian pygmies, Fatma and Smaun,
are the smallest living human beings. ;
The best of the hold-overs is the incom
parable Ezra Kendall. .
bids fair to be filled to its capacity every
night during the production of Grattan
Donnelly's farce comedy. Nellie Mc-
Henry's great success has lost none of its
vim since - last seen here. Specialties
abound in this comedy. There is a laugh
in every line and many times during the
performance the audience was -in an up
roar of laughter. Mason Mitchell as
Nicholas Friske is one of the boys. Rob
ert Cummings, the leading man, hides his
personality in Signor Bonanza of the Im
perial circus. Last week's villain Is a
clown, while Fay Courtney is attired- in a
costume usually worn In a ballet. ' .Ethel
Strachan as Bud Manhatton, a debutante,
sang sweetly and . scored a hit. Miss
Georgie Cooper has the leading part. As
Madam Electra she sparkles with vivacity
and as Madam Milan, the geverness, she
is as demure as a Quakeress. Miss Coop
er's delineation of both characters was
extremely clever. - • • ,
Orpheum. .
~f. — —
>TT*a HE Countess Valeska.'Vthe second ,
1 of Miss Roberts' engage
1 ment at the Alcazar Theater, is an
il, nounced as a costume play. As a
costume play therefore.it, may be ¦
seriously considered. From, any other
standpoint It is simply a hopeless hurly
burly of incident, a grab-bag of situations
sliced off by the yard into acts and shut
off finally with as little regard to a fitting
climax. "The Countess Valeska" is a
Polish military play, its motif the love of
the Countess for an enemy of her, coun
try, a Prussian officer, and the scene or
action her castle just before the battle or
Friedland. The hero, the aforesaid Prus
sian, a Byronic gentleman with a turned
down collar and a turned-up patriotism—
also a penchant for amateur hypnotics— is
attempted by White Whittlesey, who
makes a courageous effort to galvanize
an Impossible part into life. . Florence
Roberts of course undertakes the Count
ess, and with all her cleverness cannot
make the role in the least convincing. She
wears some charming gowns, even two to •
an act, but in spite of these and the ex
cellent military millinery of the soldier
background "The Countess- Valeska
aroused only a limited enthusiasm.
Edwin Emery as Captain Muchenburg
does a bit of good comedy in his love
making with the ingenue (Agnes Rankin).
and Marie Howe and Frank Bacon are
well seen as servants of the Countess.
Grand' Opera-House.
Central. 1
Sardou's great play "Gismonda" : was
presented at the' Grand? Op^ra -house' last
night by Melbourne MacDowell, "assisted
by Florence Stone and the stock company.
It proved an unqualified success. Mac-
Dowell and Miss Stoneiwere called before
the curtain at the close of each act and
the audience was so enthusiastic that
MacDowell had to make his appearance
before the curtain at the close of the play.
The character of Marcello Almerio. whose
devotion to Gismonda Is finally rewarded,
is one of MacDowell's strongest imper
sonations and last night he was strikingly
effective and convincing. Miss Stone, ir
the title role, acquitted herself creditably
and showed she Is possessed of rare dra
matic power. She was dignified as a sov
ereign and a tender and devoted woman
when love conquered pride. She richly
deserved all the applause so liberally be
stowed upon her. The other parts were
well sustained, particularly Zaccarla by
Jack Webster, Bishop Sophron by Freder
ick Hartley, Gregoras by Frederick Es
melton and Cypriella by Miss Malhllde
Choate. The piece was magnificently
mounted. ¦
Judging by the audience that spent "A
Night at the Circus," the Central Theater
MYSTERY VEILS
THE DISASTER
Railroad Officials Inves
% tigate the Wreck
at Napa. V,'-
NAP A, June 17.— There Is still much
mystery about the cause of the disaster
to the Napa Valley train .near the sta
tion here last evening, and all the efforts'
of railroad detectives have not been re
warded with anything, like an adequate
explanation. The opinion of the railroad
men who work here that some person 'or
persons deliberately sought to destroy the
train has not suffered any change by rea
son of the developments to-day. It has
been suggested that the changing of the
switch may be ascribed to the careless
ness of some railway employe, but the
majority of people who have investigated
the affair refuse to accept this theory. ,
Special Agent Meloney of the Southern
Pacific Company arrived here early to
day and at once began an Inquiry: as to
the circumstances attending the disaster.
He spent several hours in questioning em
ployes and in an inspection of the track.
The results of. his inspection were not
made known, and he went back to San
Francisco on an afternoon train. . .
It was reported to-day that several per
sons whose conduct at the time seemed
suspicious were seen near the switch
south of the station a short time before
the train from Valle jo arrived- and 'ran
into the freight cars. The story *was only
partially verified, however, and Constable
George Secord, who had charge of ¦' this
part of -the investigation, is inclined to
doubt the truth of it. ; " ¦
It Is the opinion of the constable that
the- negligence of a railroad - employe
caused, the wreck, but he can assign no
reason r why three trains ' : should have
passed safely before the. disaster if the
switch was out of order. The lock was
found closed after the wreck, ' and this
fact would indicate that a person owning
a key- and familiar with the mechanism
tampered with it at some time in. the af
ternoon. -' '
Engineer '.Rutherford, whose ankle was
sprained, is at his , home ; in ¦ Calistoga.
Mrs. Burgess, one, of the passengers, who
is believed to be suffering . from' slight
concussion of the brain, is. in San Fran-.
Cisco. When the crash came she < was
thrown • out of her ; seat and struck her
head' on an iron bar That surrounds the
car stove. Dr. Pulslfer, who attended
her. said to-night that she Is . not dan
gerously injured. »
Mrs. Frederick. Blanchard, another
woman, who •, was hurt,' is ¦ at her home
here. She was returning from . Berkeley.
The shock of the collision threw her from
her . seat and cne of her shoulders was
.severely bruised. , \
MINISTER MAY
BE MURDERER
John Or. Jessup at
Berkeley.
C. G. Adams Shoots Dr.
Former Episcopal Priest Uses
Pistol in a Fit of Drunken *
Frenzy.
Dentist Attempts to Prevent Father
From Abusing His Daughter and
Receives a Probably Fatal
Wound.
BERKELEY. June 17.-Charles G.
Adams, an unfrocked Episcopal clergy
man, shot and probably fatally wounued
Dr. John G. Jessup, a Berkeley dentist,
at 7 o ¥ clock this evening. The shooting
occurred at the Adams residence. 1801
Walnut street, where the dentist had gone
to protect Miss Agnes S. Adams from
abuse and beating by her father. Sum
moned to the Adams home by the young
woman, who had fled to him for succor.
the dentist returned with the girl and
started into the bedroom on the upper
floor.
Adams, armed with a revolver and half
crazed from liquor, met the doctor on the
landing and ordered him back. Jessup
expostulated with the parent, who sud
denly raised the pistol and fired. The bul
let plowed through Jessup'6 right lung.
The doctor, staggered by the impact.
Fturnbled back, but recovered himself
quickly. He leaped upon Adams, threw
him down and wrenched the smoking
weapon from his hand. Then to subdue
his intoxicated assailant Jessup ham
mered blow after blow with the butt o*
the pistol upon the ex-preacher's head.
Weakened by the effort and the hem
orrhage from his wound. Jessup staggered
out of the room and downstairs, and fell
fainting upon the front porch, where he
was picked up by John Armstrong, one
of a crowd of neighbors who were at
tracted by the pistol shot. .
Adams Surrenders Himself.
Jessup Makes a Statement.
Miss Adams ran out of the house after
the shooting and sought shelter at Mrs.
Charles White's residence, next door.
Adams locked himself in the bedroom and
remained there for fifteen minutes, until
Town Marshal Charles Kerns arrived.
Then in response to the demand of the
l^ace officer Adams surrendered himself.
He was covered with blood from the
wounds upon his face and head and was
taken at once to the Receiving Hospital
in Oakland, where his injuries were
dressed. His Ho was split open and his
scalp was cut and torn in several places.
Adams was iiitoxicated when he was
taker, to the hospital and his story was
rambling- and incoherent, principally -con
lined to denials of abuse of his daughter.
Dr. Jessup was removed after the shoot-
Ing to his rooms in the residence of
Thomas S. Alien at 2101 Hearst avenue.
Dr. O. B. Hoagland and Dr. J. S. East
man attended the wounded man and
found that the bullet had entered the left
lung above the heart and had lodged under
the left shoulder blade. The wound is an
extremely dangerous one and the chances
arf against Jessup' s recovery.
The shooting to-night is the culmination
cf a long period of abusive conduct of the
former cleric toward his daughter, who
had often told her friends that she feared
her father when In his cups would kill
her. Frequently she had gone to Jessup
Tor protection when her father, 'in his
drunken ugliness, became dangerously
violent. In his whisky-crazed condition
to-night he threatened the girl, and she
ran out to find a protector. Such is her
etcry.
Dr. Jessup made an ante-mortem state-
LOS GATOS, June 17.— Three thousand
excursionists attended the picnic held here
t«--day under the auspices of the Bunker
Hill Association, the Sons of the American
Revolution, the California Association of
Pioneers and the St, Albans Literary and
Social Society.
i The excursionists arrived on two sec
tions of a broad-guage train at 11:30
o'clock and proceeded to Bunker Hill
Park. Here literary exercises were held.
The opening number was a medley of pa
triotic airs rendered by the Second Regi
ment Band. A prayer was offered by
Rev. T. J. Lacey, the chaplain of the day.
After a few oDening remarks by Hon.
William G. Badger and vocal muBic, con
sisting of "The Star Spangled Banner" by
Wiss Juliet Greninger and "The Sword of
Bunker Hill" by O. Lafayette Lienau, the
; oration of the day was delivered bv Col
; onel E. F. Preston. The sneaker ex
jpatiated on the event that the celebration
•¦ commemorated and traced the progress of
! the nation from that time to the present.
The address was a masterly one and
elicited liberal applause from the audi
ence. It was followed by a song, "Red,
White and Blue," by Emil Barrangon and
"The Marseillaise" by Miss Grace I. Sav
age. The audience then sang "America"
; aria the exercises were closed by a bene
; diction by the chaplain.
i Most of the excursionists brought lunch
I with them and tables were spread under
j neath the oak trees of the park. Those
I vho did not come prepared had their
| wants well supplied by the local hotels
and the ladies of the Presbyterian church,
who took advantage of the occasion to
swell their organ fund by a lunch. After
j lunch the athletic contests were called.
The contests were managed by a com
mittee consisting of Robert Collier, J. S.
Miller and "W. B. Kohn. The prizes were
donated by San Francisco merchants and
were awarded to the successful contest
ants by Lee D. Windrem. Phil J. Euler
and Hugh Clark, who acted as judges.
This is the third time these patriotic so
cieties have met in Los Gatos, the first
occasion being three years ago, when the
park was dedicated and given the name
of Bunker Hill Park.
Quiet Observance in City.
Californlans did not participate in the
gallant defense of Bunker Hill on June
17, 1775, but in respect to the valor of
New England men who fought so gallant
ly against the British on that memorable
occasion every recurring anniversary of
the event is fitly observed in San Fran
cisco by a general display of American
flags. Yesterday the starry banner was
flung to the breeze from many a building
in the city. In promoting the spirit of
national pride in the achievement at
Bunker Hill the association deriving its
name from the battle-field has performed
patriotic service in California^
E. P. Preston Delivers an
Eloquent Address at
Los Gatos.
Many Patriotic Societies Fit
tingly Commemorate
the Day.
RETELLS STORY
OF BUNKER HILL
New Consuls Recognized.
Customs Collector Stratton has been
advised by the Secretary of^the Treasury
to recognize "Angel- Pena^ as .Vice Consul
at this port for Guatemala, and'M.Hfil
enljlck as . temporarily . In charge of : the
consulate of Belgium. ffi&I
Dr. Briggs Will Talk.
i' Dr. Herbert F. Briggs will address the
Men's League ; of the Central Methodist
Episcopal Church : this evening -at / 8
o'clock. His subject will be "The Rela
tion of the Church to the Modern City." ;
The Chinese reformer Su.Shih Chin was
brought into the United States District
Court yesterday morning on a writ of
habeas corpus. At the request of his
counsel, S. M. Shortridge and George A."
McGowan,- the .writ of habeas corpus was
dismissed without- prejudice, and the pris
oner was immediately rearrested' on a
warrant charging him with being unlaw
fully in the country. '• Judge de Haven
fixed the amount of ball at $2000 and re
ferred the hearing of the. case to United
States Court Commissioner Heacock.
During the proceedings in the United
States District- Court, ex-Congressman
Magulre I appeared on behalf of Consul
General Ho Yow. He said his client had
no prejudice whatever against the reform
er; that it was not -true that a price of
$50,000 had been placed on Su's head, by
the Chinese Government, and that all
that Ho Yow complained of was that he
had extended official courtesies to Su be
cause of certain false representations
that had been made to him.' on: behalf of
the reformer. He merely .wished If to be
understood that the Consul General de
sired to recall those courtesies. Outside
of that matter Mr.' Ho 'had no interest
whatever in : the landing "or non-landing
of Mr.' Su. ¦ .¦-- •. ¦-.- --X- -:¦¦¦'.. . ¦ -¦¦ .-.:. ..
In the afternoon Su .was released on a
bond furnished by the United States Fi
delity and Guaranty Company. He 'went
away with Tong K Chong, editor of the
Chinese "World; Loo . Chin An . and Siep
Sung Yung, the companions of his voyage
hither, and two ' • able-bodied Chinese,
armed with large .. revolvers; • as a body
guard. Su' and his two 'companions were
dressed in European style. < • .
Commissioner Heacock set> "Wednesday,
June 26. as the day, for the examination
of the case. - *'.; "•., •
Writ of Habeas Corpus
Is Dismissed With
out Prejudice.
REFORMED SU
GIVES A BOND
Preparations for the third National
Bund shooting. festival, to be held In thl3
city and vicinity from July 14 to 23, are
rapidly nearing completion. Prizes of all
kinds and descriptions are pouring In on
the committee and will be contested "for
during the tournament.
: The committee on entertainment '¦'. is
leaving no stouc unturned In its effort "to
make.lt pleasant for the visiting marks
men during their stay. In this *city: ., In
this worthy task It is being aided by all'
the • shooting ¦ societies and fraternal or
ganizations. The programme ' so ; far
planned is as follows:
July 13: Evening— Grand tattoo and torchlight
procession from California Hall; reception to
visiting: riflemen at the hall and official wel
come by Mayor '. Phelan.:. ...
July 14: Morning— Parade of. all shooting
clubs and German societies; departure for Shell
Mound' Park by special boat: reception and wel
come by - the president of the National Bund,
Captain ~F. < A.- Kuhls;- banquet,- firing of » sa
lutes for the United States, for the old Father
land and for the Federation of National Shoot
ing .Societies; concert .' at . the. temple, distribu
tion of prizes, > popular sports, . dancing,- illumi
nation, and fireworks. ,.- : . ..•*.¦.¦¦ . ' '
¦ July 15 — Reception of visitors by the president
and officers of fhe • National Federation, ban
quet, dancing and concert. -¦ ¦•.-: • •¦•:•¦,¦ .
July 16— Pioneers' and Native Sons' day,, to
•whom a special reception will 'be tendered;
banquet, - concert and dancing. ¦ ¦¦¦¦..
-July 17— 'After the events of. the day the'
Olympic- Club -will give . a complimentary ex
hibition -to the vlsltlng'riflemen at the club
rooms in the evening. ; .- 1; - - ' ¦;¦ \
" July 18— This day, will be set apart for Inter
national : day. -There will be appropriate exer
cises, sports, concerts and .banquet.
- July 19 — Reception to the ladles accompany
ing, the visiting sharpshooters by - the ladles'
festival committee; banquet and ball.. 1'
July 20^-Callfornla day. Contests of National
Guard, - Police Department, .University Cadets
and United States army; reception by Governor
Gage and staff;" Major General Dickinson" and
staff; Brigadier General "Warfleld and staff
and president arid officers or the bund. >
¦ July 21— Singers' ¦ and turners' day ; • exhibition
turning, singing by all the societies; banquet,
illumination and grand ball. , 'Wc^ffV*CWw«irJBSt^
July ' 22 — German-American day ; reception to
State officials by the president and officers of
the bund; banquet, convention of delegates.
July 23— Coronation- of J the , king of sharp
shooters;- banquet, ,' distribution '.. of , prizes . and
grand ball.' - .-. •• -.-• V 7. •¦'•¦¦ -.'•-•'" . * :.
July 24 — Excursion .to - California Schuetzen
Park, San Rafael, and to other points; banquet
and reception to visitors, g
Shooting Bund Commit
tee Prepares a Fine
Programme.
MANY RIFLEMEN
ARE EXPECTED
THE SAN;' ; .FKA^GlSCO^CAIiL,:. TUESDAY; JUNE r 18, 1901;
at the Grand Opera-House, Is Enthusiastically Received. 1
. Henry Miller - His- Last* -Week r at? the *v Columbia
"THE COUNTESS VALESKA" FALLS VERY
FAR SHORT OF A DRAMATIC SUCCESS
Ci'S
9
GRAPE-lfUTS.
COULD NOT WOO.
A Goddess That Would Not Be Won.
The Creator in making so many klnd3
of people naturally made some that have
immense ambition and desire for work,
physical and mental. Authors, writers
and brain workers are generally hard
¦working people: frequently they exhaust
vitality fo fast that they cannot rebuild.
Food experts have perfected a special
food called Grape-Nuts for brain work-
ers. The makers selected from field grains
the proper dements which naturally en-
ter into rebuilding brain and nerve cen-
ters.
A famous woman of West Haven,
Conn., whom perhaps you will recognize
because of the location, but who requests
that her name be kept from print in this
connection, writes: "Perhaps you would
like to know of my experience with the
restoring power of your wonderful Grape-
Nuts Food. I have been a tireless work-
er. Life was full of possibilities. I had
a constitution of Iron, and why not work.
I lived to the fullest limit of my power,
following every pursuit with ardor, paint-
ing, poetry, writing of books. Journalism
and lecturing.
"The days were passed in literary work
and the nights at concerts, theaters and
receptions. I suddenly dropped out, a
mental ard physical wreck. Ambition
died s.nd hope '.vent with it. Religion be-
came odious. The world grew dark. It
became a 'charnel. house full of unclean
bones, not Godlike and our Father's.'
"I had no desire for food. I could not
woo the 'goddess sleep that knits up the
raveled sleeve tf care.' I contemplated a
urjk solution, a leap into the unknown,
when one day a friend In Yale who knew
my deplorable condition said, 'Do you
know that Grare-Nuts Food has done' a
great deal for meT ana told the details. I
finally followed his suggestion and began
using it. That was one year ago. I? wish
you could see me now. The neighbors say
I do the work of ten women. I go to bed
¦with the hens and sleep like a top.
"I hear "the breeze call of Incense
breathing morn/ my muscles are like
iron, and my back of steel. I am as alert
as the sparrow, with whom I converse
every morning as he seeks his matutinal
worm.
"I ascribe all of this change, and Justly,
to Grape-Nuts Food and wisdom in the
economy of force "
There is a good, sound reason for such
s change as described above. Grape-
Nuts Food is made of the selected ele-
ments of wheat and barley that are in-
tended by nature to rebuild the soft gray
matter in the brain and nerve cells
throughout the body. This food is so pre-
pared: that it presents these elements In
perfect condition for immediate assimila-
tion. The food is thoroughly cooked at
the factory, and should always be served
Just as it comes from the package with a
little cream. Do not attempt to stew it,
but serve it w'thout cooking except when
comhlned with certain puddings and des-
serts, and even then the cooking Is not
necesrary except to prepare the other In-
rredients aside from the Grape-Nuts.
Send a one-cent stamp to the Postum
Cereal Company, Limited, Battle Creek,
Mich., for a tree receipt book.
ous medicine # f ••; : y «
even when administered in very small doses, and
few constitutions can stand it for any length of time.
Potash produces inflammation of the stomach
and bowels, and a dangerous form of dyspepsia arid
often chronic diarrhcea follow its use. • ,¦
Now, the doctors -will tell you if you have , •
Contagious Blood Poison you must take these minerals for two years or longer;
first, a course of Mercury, and when your teeth ret so sensitive and sore that you
can't eat,' and the gums have a spongy; unnatural appearance, you are told to stop
and a change to Potash is made.' When the stomach rebels you are put on Mercury
again; and so on ad in/iniium,'ox until the system becomes so thoroughly saturated
with these" poisonous drugs that the most disgusting sores break out on the body,
the bones' become diseased, and the muscles and joints are racked with the most
torturing pains." Mercury and Potash drive the eruptions and blotches from the
skin, but the virus remains in the blood and the reappearance of the old symptoms
and the occasional sore. mouth show that the poison is still active, and you can
never hope to completely eradicate it by this method of treatment.
' -•¦•-• - S. S. S. is the 'only
,»"Wh.en I was about twenty-one 'years of ago, or antidote for thfa de-
oightoeav years ago, I. contracted Blood Poison in a strnctive virus and an
bad form, and am satisfied that the rapid proerosa • t „.,. »" i "»»"^""
the disease was making: would soon have made mo a inlalfcDle remedy for
llf e-lonar • invalid or ended ; my life. ! - As my . system this peculiar poison. It
came under the influence of S. S. S., the sores, destroys and eradicates
splotches and pimples gradually disappeared and soon every particle of ' the
no evidence of the disease was left. I am now thirty- poison and makes the
nine years old, and have" seen no sigms of it durinar £w><l »« Vwirt* an A
the past eighteen years, i S. S. S. does all you claim ° loo<1 *£ d
for it. • *.. ¦ WM. EKLEBSON; Pevely, ;Ho. pure as before the dis-
• - • ¦ ¦ ••»..-.. • .. . Ki ease was contracted.
s S. S. S.- is the only purely vegetable blood purifier known, and we offer $1,000
for proof that it contains any mineral ingredient •whatever. The general health
improves .as the Specific purges the system of impurities, and as new, rich blood
begins to flow in the veins the unsightly sores and other evidences of blood poison
disappear, ; strength returns arid you are forever rid of this loathsome disease.
" : , ; Our Home Treatment Book on Contagious Blood Poison tells you all about the
symptoms, different stages, etc.; of this disease. We will mail you a copy free.
. .' If .you need advice or special directions, •write our physicians ; it ¦will cost you
nothing and may hasten your cure. THE SWIFT SPECIFIC CO, ATLANTA. 6A.
s
\\ > Y VI gL'y^J^gjjP^Hjy jkngflTHE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY; JUNE 18, 1901.
10
SAX FRAXCISCO CALL.
nnBIJCESS OFFICE of The 6an Franclscc
Call, corner of Market and Third street* : open
or.tll J! o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICKS— STT Montgomery street,
ccr-ner Clay; open until 9:80 p. m.
S00 Hayes street; open until 9:S0 p. m.
fJS McAllister street; open until 8:30 p. m.
US Larkin street: open until 9:30 p. m.
1S<I Mission etreet: open until 10 p. m.
r?«l Market street, corner Sixteenth: open
until 9 p. rn.
J0« Eleventh etreet: open until 9 p. m.
:o?6 Valencia street : open until 9 p. va. ¦
Northwest corner Twenty-second ana Ken-
tucky etreets: open until 9 p. m.
7!<X\ FHImnr* ytr**t: ir»r imMI *» r>. try
MEETIXG XOTICES. ;
CALIFORNIA Chapter No. 5 R. A. M.. ¦
will meet THIS iTUESDAY) EVEN-J4,
ING. June IS, at 7:30 o'clock. Stated T\JX
-mewing and R. A. degree. By order '"V»
of the H. P. FRANKLIN H. DAY. Sec.
GOLDEN GATE Lodge No. SO, F. and . »
A. M.— Called meeting THIS (TUES- Jk
DAY) EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock. D.
a. By order of W. M.
/^. EDWIN L. MEYER. Secretary.
ORIEXTAL Lodtr* No. 144. F. and A. m .
M.— Third degree THIS (TUESDAY) _•*_
EVENING, at 7:28 o'clock. 1%J\
A S- JJJJBBARD, Sec. / >r >
UNITY Lofige No. 121. I. O. O. F..
ccr. Valencia and mil streets. t 3$~3i<&±
Initiation TUESDAY. June IS.
1S01. at S p. m. "TJJttv
S. F. THOMPSON, N. G.
A. E. CRONK. R. S.
REGULAR meeting oX the Austrian
Benevolent tociriy. J13 Sutter St.,
WEDNESDAY EVENING, June 19. w!5S§2
1901. at 8 o'clock sharp. Appropria- JpfgSS
tion and donation and other im- ***^
portant business. ! By order of
M. SCANATICH. President.
DE WITT W. TOLL, Recording Secretary.
ALL neighbors of Tamal- <B
pais Camp No. 427. W. r ...R '
of W.. ere hereby noti- gm^&ZTjSTZjttia i
flefi to attend the fu- S^wSsB^C/
r.eral of our late neigh- Tgfijp Tprri«-<y " '
bor. J. J. MORRIS. TO-
MORROW (WEDNESDAY) at 10 o'clock
sharp from his»late residence. 130J Webster st.
A. G. GILSON, Clerk.
CALIFORNIA Council No. fc»<rt55a™""V
650. National Union, meets
TO-NIGHT. Elks' Hall. » r^Sk .
Putter ft. Initiation, re-
freshmenls and entertainment. Visitors cor-
dially welcomed. - *
W. A. S. NICHOLSON. President.
CHAS. H. VAN' ORDEX. Secretary.
AGEXTS WAXTED.
GOOD reliable agents wanted. Apply at 1207 I
Mission «t.. third floor. • I
ASPHALTUM ROOFIXG.
J. FEXTIER. asphalt roofing, sidewalks re-
• »<i»lr«1: rxwtjil. 11** Mission : tel. Folsom 1607.
ATTORXEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty; private:
no fee without success; collections. G. W.
HOWE, atty at law. 850 Market, cor. Stockton.
ADVICE free: no charges unless successfuL W.
W. DAVIDSON, 927 Market St.. opp. Mason.
L. S. CLARK. Emma Spreckels bldg.. 927 Mar-
kft ft., consultation free; no fees in advance, j
BOARDIXG FOR CHILDREX.
BERKELEY lady would like children to board;
good home; fresh cow. 2127 Prince St., Ashby
Eta tion.
GOOD country home for children, with best
of care. H. M.. S38 Forty-sixth st.. Oakland.
2 OK 3 children to board, week or month; best
care:sunny yard:nr.ticboo'.;reasonable.l607 Cal.
BOOKS—yEW AXD OLD.
BOOKS of every description bought. Tel. Red
2956. Holmes Book Co.. 704-706-708 Mission.
BLSIXESS CHAXCES.
A— 120CC: GROCERY with bar; rent $50; on
Fourth st.. close to Market: a well-known
and good-paying business; sickness of wife
compels owner to leave the city. Call R.
G. WILKE. 26H Kearny Et. . \
J1S00— CAXDY store and factory in Oakland:
rent $30; the place clears above $200 per
month: owner has other business and must
Ecll. Inquire R. G. WILKE. 26»i Kearny st.
?—$350: DELICACY store and branch bakery
with S living rooms; rent $18: kept by owner
11 years: choice business location. Particulars
R. G. WILKE. 26'j Kearny tt.
A— $1230; CORNER grocery and bar; estab.
years; living rooms: rents $25; located on lead-
ing business Ft-, cor. Xetoma : death in family
cause sale. Call R. G. WILKE. 2Sfr Kearny.
A— $700; CORNER grocery and bar with 3 liv-
ing rooms; rent $16; choice location In the
Mission : a steady and good-paying business.
Inquire R. G. WILKE, 26»/i Kearny st.
A— J2CC0; COUNTRY saloon. SO miles from S.
F.: rents $25; place doing business of $S000 per
year; license $100 per year; lease. Particu-
lars R. G. WILKE, 26H Kearny st.
A— $600; DELICACY, with home cooking de-
partment. doing a business of $30 per day;
rent $21; a money-making place. Call R. G.
WILKE. ZZ\k Kearny st
A— J750: SALOON: no better located place in
tfcU city: rent $50; place clears easily $150
per month: no night work. See R. G.
WILKE. 2S\i Kearny Et.
CISCO— LIQUOR *-tore: downtown corner.
$300— Country ealocn and restaurant; no op-
position.
?1MH) — Dairy and good paying route.
. . $475 — Candy ctore and Icecream parlor.
$125— Cigar store; laundry agency.
JiCC— Saloon; transfer corner; low rent.
JEaO-Restaurant. downtown; fixtures, etc.,
¦»-ortb S5G0.
ffe hav« tome very genuine business oppor-
tunities well worth investigation. I
WALTER HAYES & CO., S3S Market sL
A— WE have buyers for cllgar Ftore. $1000; sa-
l«i©n. $4000 to $5000; barber shops, $500 and
$1100; general business. $600 and $1000: list
yoar business with u*: no cnarge for adver-
tislng. WALTER HAYES & CO.. S38 Market.
YOU can be suited In any kind of business by
calling at office.
G W. SCHWEINKARD. 917 Market St.,
near Fifth. Phone. Mint 1911.
A— $400; PARTNER wanted In established busi-
nees; must be satisfied with $100 mo.; refs. re-
quired and given. FISHER; £33 Market st.
$600— UXIOX restaurant: bargain: part cash If
derired. McLAUGHLIX & CO.. 777V4 Market.
BUSINESS partner wanted with $1500. a lady
or pentleman (experience not necessary). In
an established and rapid growing manufac-
turing plant; the only one of its kind on the
Pacific Coa*t. For particulars see the owner.
LEOX BROWX. 120 Turk St.
LTST your business or lodging-house with us; we
¦vtU sell your busings quickly and without
publicity: money advanced to purchasers.
REICHEKBACH. VIERECK & CO..
Office 510 Emma Sareckels bldg.. 927 Market.
tlSCO WILL buy a first-class ealoon property in
an interior town of 30.000 Inhabitants; an' in-
vestigation will be all that Is necessary to
tnske a sale: owner has other business in the
city; no agents. Address box yC329, Call
office. /
WANTED— Bakery complete" In n/ar-by town
nf San Francisco; give full particulars. Box
3573. _Call. .
$7S0 — PARTNER In butter business; a money-
ir>akcr; will stand Investigation. Box 36S7.
Call.
£200— MUST sell: saloon; bargain; good reasons.
640 Commercial et., 2 doors from Kearny.
FOR aale — Small chicken ranch. Apply 494
Carolina et., Potrero.
DAIRY depot clearing 12 dally; best offer In
town: S200 wi:; take It: some delivery If de-
xired Box 2504. Call offlce.
FOR sale— In Vallejo. one of the best corner
¦aloens end rooming house of 20 rooms, new-
ly furnished: best rooms In town; if you are
looking for a safe inv«ttnient you will find it
here: will bear Inspection: cause of selling, re-
tiring from business. F"or particulars call on
ADAM MILLER, cor. Virginia and Santa
Clars* sts.. Val'.fjo.
FO"R sale— $3000; old-established flower store,
with nursery, hothouse, etc., boiler, horses,
wasrons. plants and trees of all descriptions;
»*tabll£h»d many years and doing a money-
niaklng business. Particulars CARL CARL-
SON. SCO Halght st. -f
ARE J-ou ambitious to get Into a legitimate,
t>rofltable business of your own without capi-
'.»:? Here is an opportunity; write us. lnclos-
ir.g 25c. stamps or silver, for plan. Excelsior
Company. 727 Market et.
OLD ••rtabllshed restaurant. R21 Kearny. with
furr.lture. range, china, etc.. complete, for
rale or lease; . also basement attached suit-
able for baker?-. Apply 705 Davis st.
WANTED to rent— A small chicken ranch in-
cluding small furnished bouse, or partly, in
r.r tround F"niitva!e or San Lorenzo. Box
SSO3. Call olilce.
$600— PAYING. legitimate business; »aslly
'.earned; lady or gentleman: respectable;
' Fhort hours: investigation courted. Box 355C
Call office. *
WE have some select oil land In Devil Den
district which must be • sold. Further i Infor-
mation West Coast Investment Co., Phelan
bulldlnc
SAFE investment; small capital; latest, great-
eat novelty; big money maker;. winner. Of-
flce. 1S17 Market «C .
PARTIES with S500 to $1000 to Join ln>pur-
rhaslng rich quicksilver mine;, ground floor.
Box 3680, CalL */¦
DTEING and cleaning business for sale cheap.
Apply £18 U&rktt Et
BUSIXE SS CHAXCES— -Contlnned.^
WELL-PAYINO corner grocery and bar; no
agents. Call 1016 Polk et^ ;
LI VERY boarding stable for sale. Box 3563.
Call offlce.
MILK depot for sale cheap. Call branch. 106
Eleventh Bt. '
COFFEE and chop hou?e for sale; price $00.
217 Sixth It. '-.'/
MAN with $300 to Join partyto work placer
claim at Cape Nome. Box 2433, Call offlce.
A— WAGON-MAKING and horseshoeing shop
for sale at a bargain. Call 404. Jackson St..
GOOD opening for barber 'shop and baths In
hotel; also tailor. ,718 Valencia st. .
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch'offlcc. r?00 Flllmore at.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1098
Valencia st. r
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE. _
H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market: phone Mint 796.
.Established Over 28 Years
10 rooms on Eddy .'......'...; $550
.32 rocms on Market .......; 170O
21 rooms on Taylor. 1150
33 rooms; corner 1800
15 rooms in Oakland..... .450
. lS-room,house; sure to clear $100 700
ZS rooms: all rented: clears $175 2C00
¦ -26 rooms: elegant corner; clears $150 1900
¦39 rooms; on. Market; clears $200 1800
.21 rooms: fine and sunny; clears $140 ?. 1200
10 rooms; very central; on Taylor 400
16 rooms; near Eddy; new furniture 1350
lEOO other houses, from $50 to $10,000.
Give me a call. . I cell and exchange real, es-
tate and business places. What do you want
or what have you to offer? Phone Mint 796.
H. C. DECKER. 1C20 Market St., opp. Eth.
A. CAMERON & CO.. ~ — — —
SCO Market et. and s Stockton st.
' Rooms 21, 22 and 23. Phone Bush 32S.
If you have hotel, rooming house or business
to sell list with us. We have cash customers
for all sizes and prices. See list of bargains.
17 rooms; rent $S0; 4-yr. lease: new fur.,
carpets: reduced to make quick sale $1500
11 rms.; rent $10; water, piano, swg. men. 700
1(5 rms,; fine transient house: new fur... 1400
21 rms.: Post: rent SS5: fine fur.; sunny.. 2200
25 rooms; rent $110; fine location 1900
MARION GRIFFIN, the real estate -agent,
719 Market: rms 1 & 2. by the Call building.
" 11 rooms: central: nice; clears $30.... $S50
17 rocms: extra nice; rent $100: clears $150.$2SM)
. 13 rooms; Sutter; rent $41; Income $S5.....$550
50 rooms; cor.: rent $140; Income $350.... $3000 *
21 rooms; on MarKet: rent $75; pays well. .$1000
15 rooms; Geary st. ; extra nice; clears $650,
Pleace call at my offlce for a list of hotels
[and lodcing-houses: above are only, samples.
WINSTON & WOLF.
. / ' 1026 Market st
26 rooms; Mission st.; cheap rent.... $1600
35 rooms; rent S80: must see. $800
32 rooms; rent $40; clears $S5 $1200
IS rooms; rent $00; only S00
20 rooms: central; part cash $1200
500 others to select from. --
ATTENTION, BUYERS!
You may buy any rooming-house In
the city, and pay for. It
in monthly payments
from the profits
oJ the house.
Vacant house* furnished.
DONALD INVESTMENT CO.. S50 Market.
FISHER & CO.. 835 Market St.. opp. Mason.
37 rooms, price SSOO; 35 rooms, price $1400.
24 rooms, price $l(HV>; .12 rooms, price $550.
26 rooms, price $1400; 11 rooms, price $325.
8 rooms; finely furnished: rent $30; $500.
If a bargain, we have them at any price.
THE largest and best list of lodging-houses
and hctels can be found at office of
G. W. SCHWEINHARD,
No. 917 Market et. (near Fifth et.).
Phone Mint 1911. -
12 WELL-FURNISHED rooms; must be sold
this week; $150. Apply at S23 Howard st.
$373 LODGING-HOUSE: 10 rooms; furnished.
8S4^ Mission street. \
FOR SALE — House 11 rooms on Taylor Ft.
cheap if sold by July 1. Box 3653. -Call offlce.
SPIRITUALISM.
mT?S~X"^^wh7tney^ "'" ~""~"~ ~~
Trance, business medium; life read*r; exam-
ines ere: oil locations; medical clairvoyant;
treats cures sick; cancer removed without
use of knife. 1564 O'Farrell. nr. Gough ; Ellis-
tt. car: sit., tl; letter. $2. Tel. Hyde 2461.
RESUMED business — Mrs. Dr. Farnham, the
world -renowned spiritual medium; advice in
all affairs In life; lawsuits, divorces, deaths;
unites the- separated : mining a specialty: cir-«
cles Sun.. Wed.. Fri. eve. : letters answered.^
Residence (no signs). SS McAllister St. I
MRS. HUBBARD. 109 Oak— Circles Tuesday ,
ard Fr'day. S p. m.; Wednesday, 2:30 p. m.,
10c; readings daily, SOc. ,
JOHN SLATER— Circles 25c. Mon. & Frl. eves..
8:15: Wed. afternoon. 2:45: sittings dally. 10
to 4. except Sun. 1809 Stockton, nr. Greenwich, i
MRS. LOUIPE S. DREW. Psychic. Electric !
and Magnetic Healer. Room 14. 303 Larkin
Ft,: teL Hownrd 2711: hours 10 a. m. to 6 p. m.
MATERIALIZING stance to-night. readings
and spirit photos dally. ARNOLD DICKSON,
148 Sixth st . | |
MME. YOUNG'S demonstration of spirit re-
turn to-night. 603 McAllister; - 10c; come
skeptics^ .
C. V. MILLER'S materializing trumoet seance,
8 p. m.. 50c. 1CS4 Bush St.; tel. 2275 Larkin.
MRS. HARLAND'S circle 8 p.m.: also Wed.;
written q'stions, ar.s. 10c; read daily. 148 6th.
W. G. KEEGAN holds spiritual meeting every
nigl}t except Sat.; 10c. 148 Sixth St., 24 floor.
EDWARD EARLE. 223 EIHs St.— Readings
daily: seance Sunday. Tuesday and Thursday.
TESTS to all to-nleht.' 10c; sittings daily.
MRS. VIGARS, 148 Sixth St., room 32.
SEE Watson, celebrated palmist and clairvoy-
ant. 1079 Market st. : full reading, 50c.
KATIP. HF.USS1IANN, 136 West Mission st.,
nr. 13th — Circle Fri. eve.. 25c; sittings daily.
FRIENDSHIP Hall. 335 McAllister— Mrs. C. J.
Meyer; sittings daily: test to all to-night; 10c.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
r«vp|ve<1 at fall hram-li offl<"». 22<M Flllmore.
CLAIRVOYANTS. .^-\
I MME. M. BERNARD." '
! . THE FAMOUS
I Clairvovent and business medium, permanently
| located at 17 Third St.. next Examiner bldg. She
| reads your life correctly, gives. an accurate de-
scription of the past, reveals the present hap-
penings and protrays events to occur In the fu-
ture. If you are in trouble, discontented, un- j
happy or not satisfied in life, or have domes- I
| tic, love or business troubles.. consult this great j
j medium nnd you will be told*bow to overcome !
them. Valuable advice in all affairs of life;
25c up: perfect satisfaction guaranteed.
I DIFFERENT FROM ALL OTHERS.
j 1000 Callers Since May 1st.
\ Naaman. Russian seer, medium, palmist and
adviBor. tells your name, what you called for.
cures your disease or anything you want to
know: no charges In advance: satisfaction guar-
anteed: develops mediums In 2 months; teaches
palmistry, clairvcyancy: hours 9 a. m. to 3
p. m.; readings by mail. 326 O'Farrell st. .
MRS. DR. F. CLARiC. the well-known trance
medium. Is permanently located at 1206 Mar-
ket st.. corner Golden Gate ave.. rooms 25 and
26; take elevator. Perfect satisfaction guaran-
teed by mall; send Ftamp for pamphlet with
special terms. Dally and Sunday. ¦-.,.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader, born with double veil — second sight;
diagnoses disease with life reading: ladles 50c,
gents $1: palm, and clalr. sit.. $1 50. 126 Turk.
MME. AltNDT.the great clairvoyant, tells past
and future; never fails; has the greatest Egyp-
tian secret: shows picture of future husband
cr wife; 25c up;, satisfaction to everybody;
cures diseases by sympathy. 215V4 Sixth st.
MLLE. M. WILLE of Paris, clairvoyant,
trance, business medium; speaks French,
German, English; from 9 to 8; SOc. 215 Leav-
enworth st. .
Mrs. Dr. Saylor. queen of clairvoyants & palm-
Ifts: names and dates; L. 25c; G. 50c; mail $1.
ISH',4 Market op. Van Ness: tel. Mint 1093.
ISMAR. the Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located 1148 Market, op.
6th; private readings daily, 10 a. m. to 5 p. m.
MME. MONTAGUE, clairvoyant and palmist,
gives names, .facts, dates; satisfaction by mall;
Inclose stamp. 1382 Market, opj Odd Fellows.
KXOW your fate: M me. Richards, astrological
palmist and reader of human destiny; never
fails; readings. 50c. 1203 Mission St., cor. 8th.
MME. SANDERS, 127 Mason St.. medium and
palmist: teaches mind telegraphy: advice on
all business. affairs; hours 12 to 8.
CLAIRVOYANT, mineral psychometrlst. palm-
Ut and card reading, 25c. 124U4 Market st.
MME WALTERS. Areat card reader: ladies 25c;
tients SOc. 951 Mission, nr. Cth; open Sundays.
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant and card reader;
ladles, 25c; gents. Me. 132 Sixth st.
MESMAR Is the great fortune teller of. this
city for Deace of . mind. 1152 Mission st. ¦
MR3. MELVILL. well-known clairvoyant, water
reader. 11. 6th;German spoken;tel.Howardl846.
MME. SCHAFFER. clairvoyant, card reader;
sittings dally. 448'^ Jessie st.. bet. 5th and 6th.
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
palmistry; truth or no pay: 25c. 1149' Mission.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
advice; names given: 25c up. 5 Fourth st. -
CHIROPODISTS. * _¦
INGROWN nails, bunions, corns, warts,, chil-
blalns; palnlegs cure. Dr. Duncan. 415 Sutter.
¦ COLLECTION OFFICES. -
GEORGE AV. KELLY'S Agency— No charge "un"
less successful, * Room 310. 327 Market «t.
• - - ..- - .
CARPET^ nEA-TlXG JAND^L^XIXG.
WHEN you beoxne disgusted with poor work
send to ¦SPAULDING'S pioneer. Carpet-Beat-
lng Works, 333-3S7 Tehama et.; tel. South 40
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter Et:
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM. Proprietor.
RUDOLPH & CO., carpet-beating works: prices
¦reasonable. 1703 Harrison: tel. Howard 2351.
JONES & CO.. reliable carpet cleaners and ren-
ovators. 25-27 Eighth St.: tel. Jessie 1061.
SANITARY cleaning and dyeing company." 342-
344 McAllister St.; phone South 146. . y .
CITY Steam Carpet-Beating Works. G. H.
STEVENS, mgr.. 38-40 8th st. ;' tel. South 230.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet-Beating and Reno-
vatlng Co.. 240 Fourteenth, st. ; tel. Mission 74.
CARPETS cleaned at the lowest rates. STRAT-
TON. 3 Eighth St.; telephone Jessie 944.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-Beating Works. 333 Golden
Gate ave.; telephone East 126. • >
' DENTISTS. '
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC, 809 Mar-
ket et., cor. 4th. rm' 7, Flood bldg.. you can
have your extractions dene painlessly; teeth
. without plates our specialty; gold crowns,
S3 50 up; plates, extractions free. $4 50 up: of-
fice hours. 9 a. m. to 10 p. m. : Sundays, 9 to 2
p. m. J. W. THATCHER. M. P.. Manager.
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, . plates, bridges
and fillings; extractions or fillings by . my
wonderful secret, painless method; 20 years'
experience; no students; advice free; prices
cheapest and guaranteed; lady attendants.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK.. 20 O'Farrell St..
A — NEW unbreakable plate, the ¦ Rose Pearl,
warranted for 20 years; crowns. $3 50; fillings.
50c; plates, $!">: full set: all work painless and
warranted. , Chicago Dental ParIors, - 24 Sixth.
EXPERT dentist In or-Jer to build up a prac-
tice will fill teeth, make plates, gold crowns
and bridge work at bedrock prices. Offlce
1141 Polk st..' corner Sutter: open Sundays.
AT Ideal Dental . Co.. 6; Eddy st.— Work done
on weekly Installments: lowest . rates. . :
PARIS Dental Parlors. 235 Kearny. cor. Bush-
Full set of teeth. $4: crowns". $3: fillings. 25c.
DR. R. L. WALSH.S13%Geary.nr.' P Larkln— Pain-
less extraction SOc: plates $5 up:phonePoIkllS5.
DR. H. G. TRUMAN. dentl.«t. third floor. 1 Ei-
aminer building: formerly In Murphy. bldtr.
LOWEST prices In S. F. Painless extraction.
SOc. N. Y. Dentists. 969 Mission st,. cor. 6th.
A'AN' VROOM— "Paln'ess": evenings and Sun-
<1ayy. 1001 Market St.. corner Sixth.
SF.T of teeth without plate. DR. H. G.
VOT-VO. 1341 Pnlk *t. '
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
MCDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School-
Class rates; patterns cut. 101? Market st.
ACCORDEON pleating; country orders prompt
attPntifn. 121 Prst. over O'Connor & Moffatt.
EDUCATIONAL.
g^laghe!C3Sa1?^^
Shorthand, typing and bookkeeping'; Robert
F. Gallagher, expert court reporter, teacher of
shorthand: reportorial phrasing taught; i prac-
tical bookkeeping, full course. $50; catalogue.
HEALD'S BUSINESS 'COLLEGE, 24 Post St..
S. F.— Bookkeeping, shorthand, typing, lan-
guages, telegraphy. . English branches, civil,
electrical and mining engineering,, etc.; day
& night sessions; new 80-page catalogue free.
AYRES* Business College, 723 Market St.— Day
& eve.; bookkeeping, shorthand, typing, teleg-
raphy, etc. ; life scholarship. $50;. individual
instruction; positions secured; catalogue free.
A— THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school for the university, law and medical
colleges: references. President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building.
MERRILL-MILLER College— Shorthand. ,typ-
lng. practical bookkeeping. Rooms 40-45. Par-
rott bldg.; individual instruction; catalogue.
ACTING, rlocution. specialties: Hallett School,
associated with theatrical agency securing
positions. Alcazar building, 120 O'Farrell st.
ENGINEERING— Civil, elec.mining.mech.. sur-
vey, assay, cyanide: day. eve. ; esf. 1864. Van
der Nalllen School. 113 Fulton.. nr. City Hall.
A FULL course of Ellis bookkeeping and the
Gregg shorthand costs only $60. San Fran-
clsco Business College. 1236 Market st.
A SPECIALTY— Perfecting beginners: business
college art? dilates: bookkeeping: figures: short
time. TARR, exp. acct., 220 Parrott bldg.
FREE scholarship In return for two hours'
work daily: none but strong, steady young
men need apply. 305 Larkin st., 5th floor.
INSTRUCTION In grammar grade and high
»_ school work. Apcly 86 South Park; refer-
ences. MISS JEAN PARKER. '
PROF. L. MERKI. successful teacher of violin,
mandolin and guitar. 1008 Mission St., nr. (*th.
Munson. School Shorthand.Typiner, Bookkeeping
Spanish. 1S7 Montgomery. E. M. Carpenter. pr.
VIOLIN thorouphlv taught. MRS. MAUD
MONKS. 2211 Flllmore st. ; tel. Geary 717.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc. : day or eve. : $3 mo. 1014 Mission, nr. 6th.
ELECTRO-THERAPEUTIC.
ElectrJc-Chemlc medication cures faulty nutri-
tion, nerve, blood & constitutional diseases.
Drs. K. f- K.'s Elprtrlo Ssnltprium. S Mason.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
JAPANESE Housecleanlng Co. — Thoroughly re-
liable; best help sent short notice: competent
men. 1125 Sutter. nr. Polk; tel. Larkin 2391.
JAPANESE and Chine*e help of all kinds;
cooks, waiters and Louse servants. GEO.
AOKI & CO.. 421 Post St.: tel. Bush 135.
ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese, Chi-
nese help. 426 Powell, nr Sutter: tel. Black 5072.
j JAPANESE, central housecleanlng and employ-
¦ ment: all kinds help. 104f Sutter: tel. East 203.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese employment of-
| flee: all kinds heln. ft.V Stockton: 'Main 51X8.
EMPLOYMENT WAXTED — FEMALE.
A FIRST-CLASS German American girl wa.'.ts
a position as chambermaid, country hotel,
boarding house or summer resort; good refer-
ences. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
A FIR3T-CLASS Swedish second girl, desires
situation; best of refs. Miss Cullen, 325 Suttc-r.
A NO. 1 American cook desires a situation; 3
years' references. J. F. CROSETT & CO., 31C
Sutter. st. ¦ . . . . -
i SITUATION wanted by a competent girl, gen-
eral housework. American family; best city
I reference; wages '$20. 1022 Larkin St.; phone
Larkin 18G1. . . . , ¦
STRONG woman wants work by the day wash-
ing, cleaning, etc.; wages $1. Apply 212 Clara
St.. rear.
A COMPETENT girl wants cooking or house-
work; references. 3 E wing place, off Laguna
. St., between Post and Sutter.
A SITUATION wanted by a reliable girl 'to <lo
housework In a small American family; wages
}-20 a month. Please call in the. afternoon at
3120 California ft.
FIRST-CLASS seamstress wants I .situation;
will also do upstairs work, or go out by the
, day. 3624 Sacramento St., rear.
WOMAN wants washing and Ironing or house-
cleaning. Call or ecdress 19% Walsh St., be-
tween Third and Fourth.
STRONG, good, willing woman; great house-
cleaner; can do most any kind of work; good
references; wages $1 per day and car fare.
88 Third street, room 10, upstairs. ¦ .
AN Eastern feirl . Would like a situation to do
general hoosework ; good cook ; no postals.
Address*'643Vfc Natoma street. .'
GIRL wishes to assist in light housework. Ap-
ply 554" Sixth Et. . -
SWEDISH girl wishes position; first-class
cook; good references; wages $30; Call at
613 McAllister st . • , ¦
GERMAN woman wishes situation to do house-
work or as housekeeper; good plain cook; $15
a month; no objection city or country. Box
S."2. Call offlce. . ,
YOUNG woman wants position as working
housekeeper In hotel or rooming-house or for
widower with small family. Box 3569. Call.
WOMAN wishes to do washing; $1 10 per day.
119^ Leavenworth St.; rear.' ~, \ ,
YOUNG German woman wishes to work by the
day; washing or housework. Please call at
37 Minna et. .
YOUNG lady wishes position "as housekeeper.
Call 827A Howard st, room 3. ,
WINCHESTER House, 44. Third St.. near Mar-
.. ket — 200 rooms; 25c to $150 per-night; $1 50 to
$6 week; convenient and respectable; free 'bus
and baggage to and from ferry.; - v
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Flllmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been . established at 1096
Valencia st. '.:-¦.:.• : "¦-¦:'•¦¦ : ¦ ' * • -.
*~EM1 7 LOYMEXT~WANTED MALE?"
STEADY, reliable middle-aged ,; man wants sit-
uation; city or country; attend lawn, horses
and generally useful; low wages; good ¦ refer-
ences. Box 3576, Call. ,- ••...•.-. ••..-.,-¦;¦
GERMAN, ' , single, I ; trustworthy, . temperate,
wants situation: "private place; take care
• lawn, horses, etc. ; can milk.'. -Box 3578, Call.
LAUNDRYMAN, reliable, sober, wants posi-
• ilon as marker and distributer in- country
laundry: . will, make, himself generally use-
" ful. Box 3672, :. Call. ¦ .-¦-.- -/-.,;
MIDDLE-AGED, .; experienced ;- man, familiar
with city, wants to drive or take care of 1
, or 2 horses. Box 3571, Call offlce.
EMPLOYaiBXT WANTED— MALE.
ACCOUNTANT, experienced. , desires position:
reference given. Box 35S0, Call. , .-
A— LADY," German cook, man dishwasher want
-places together; hotel or restaurant or.board-
_Ing-house. 242 Natoma street.'
RELIABLE " man understands care of horses,
' cows, chickens, etc.; good driver; handy
with tools. Box 35St. Call offlce.
WANTED-^ A situation by a middle-aged man
to : do general housework or general chorlng.
gardener or carpenter; best - references. L.
L. NYLANDER. 631. Sacramento st.
STRONG young man. willing to do anything,
would like situation to work" evenings. ¦ Box
3573, ' Call offlce. ..-¦:.. -.
GOOD cook, meat and pastry: hotel or restau-
rant; country preferred. Box 3633. Call office.
YOUNG man wants position . In wholesale dry
goods and gents' furnlshgs. 1003*4 Market, r. 4.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
. received at Call branch offlce. 2200 Flllmore st.
FLATS TO LET.
'A— 20 .NEW flats. i\ 6 new houses— •
6 r.; 416 Clayton. .$21 8 r. ; new; 11S0 Ellis. $40
6 r.; new; 569 O'F^r- 8 r. ; new; 2414 Van
rel .........:...... 35 Ness 45
3 r.; 648 Jessie..... 10 6 r.- 1105 Page,.....: 19
6 r.; fine; 3616 16th. 20 5 r.; 3 Pine pi........ 15
Apply A. M. SPECK & CO. . 667 Market st. *
SUNNY flat. 6 rooms and bath': -newly painted
and papered ;¦ rent ' $20. 846 Folsom St., be-
tween Fourth and Fifth.
SUNNY flat. 4 rooms."" In good -condition; $10.
112 Perry st., near Third.
APPLY Sutter, 2300—6 sunny rooms; appreciated
if seen; $22 50; water free; please investigate.
A FLAT of 5 rooms; rent cheap. At 9 Boyd
St.. between Seventh and Eighth, j
A CORNER flat of 8 rooms and bath. 1306
Fulton st.
ELEGANT furnished flat for sale, 4 rooms and
bath. 411 Ellis st.
FEW steps from City Hall, 2 fine flats, 5
¦ rooms and bath.. 10- Grove st.
459B Halght. nr Fillmcre: flat of four sunny
rooms, yard and basement: IV- . ' '-¦¦¦
NICELY furnished flat of 7 rooms." bath, com-
_£lete.- Call 9 to 11, 6 to 7, 33S3 Nineteenth st.
SUNNY flat; 5 rooms,, bath. 16 Metcalf place,
- off Geary, between Mason , and Taylor.
SUNNY lower; 6 rooms and bath; sanitary
plumbing; rent $25. 945 Hayes st. V
UPPER flat of 4 rooms. 403 Oak st., corner
Lasruna. ¦ ' ¦
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore st.
TO LKT — FURNISHED.
ELEGANT furnished flat. 5 rooms, bath. 1221
_Laguna st. corner. Ellis. - 1
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
4 ROOMS furnished in oak. S48 50. with No. 7
range . King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
FOUR-room flat complete at a bargain. 521
Franklin st. ¦
FURMTCRE WANTED.
CAL. Auction Co., 1462 Market— Buys furniture,
merchandise, etc. ; phone Jessie 2071.
BEFORE disposing of your furniture see
Golden Gate Auction Co.. »28 Howard st.
A. WOLLPEP.T, 773 Mission St.. pays highest
price for second-hand furniture: tel. Red 1354.
Auctioneer— L.Vlncent,1305 Larkin: tel. Polk 694:
furniture & furn'd nouses bought; spot cash.
CHAS. LEVY buys your furniture, carpets,
pianos.; etc. 1133 Market St.; tel. 761 Jessie.
HELP AVANTED FEMALE.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S. .Phone Grant 185.
HOTEL DEPARTMENT.
3 waitresses, same springs! see party here. .$20
Waitress, springs. Lake Co., fare paid $20
Waitress, ¦ springs, short distance $20
Waitress, Ukiah, fare paid ". .....*25
2 waitresses, Stockton $20
2 waitresses,, North, fare paid ?2Q
Waitress, North, fare paid ..$20
•2 waitresses. Redwood City... ..J20
"Waitress, Menlo Park^. ?25
,2 waitresses, mining town..... ..$20
Waitress, Watsonville .....$20
Cook, Santa Cruz Co., resort, . see party
¦ ' here '. ».J4O
Cook,- summer resort choice place $40
2 cooks, hotels...........; $40-?30
FAMILY- DEPARTMENT.
Cooks, houseglrls,, second girls, ranch cooks,
$10-$30; all fares paid to country places.
C. IX. HANSEN & CO 104 Geary Ft.
A— MRS. M. E. DAY .Phone Main 1575
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
:i0 waitresses, mountain, coast and spring re-
sorts, $20. fares paid; 6 waitresses, coutitry.
$20 and $25; 5 waitresses, city. $20; restaurant
¦waitress, $7; 2 chambermaids, first-class
hotels. $20 and $15. . ¦ . -
. .....FAMILY DEPARTMENT ........;.
Mother and daughter for 2 in family, $35,
fare paid; housegirl for elderly, lady. $25. no
wash; many choice places, city and country.
MRS. ' M. E. DAY. 235 Geary st.
A— HOTEL GAZETTE, 26 Montgomery, rm. 12.
2 waitresses, same place, springs, $20; 2
chambermaids, same resort, $20; fare one way.
HAIRDRESSING taught complete in 2 weeks:
course $3, including manicuring and facial
massage; positions guaranteed; big salary at
start; evening classes. Hairdresslng College,
574 Geary st.
AVANTED — An experienced salesladv for un-
store. MARKS BROS., 1212 Market.
WANTED— Experienced presser; women's and
children's wear; steady work. MARKS
BROS., 1212 Market street. _^__'
TWO women capable of receiving callers and
.making requested calls; good wages. Hoover
University of Physical Culture, 1319-1329 Mrkt.
WANTED — Competent woman, second work,
and take care lame girl; $20. Apply between
1 and 4 p. m., 720 Franklin st. . - • -
TWO clever young ladies to prepare for the
-stage; gcod engagement guaranteed. Address
box 35S5, Call offlce.
GIRL for general housework and cooking: 2 in
family. Apply between 10 and 12 at, niG
Golden Gate ave.
GIRL to learn book-binding. R. I. WHELAN
& CO., 42-44 Steuart St. .
WANTED— A first-class waitress; wages $3
week. C04 Mason street.
.WANTED— Girl for housework; wages $15 per
month. 202 Townsend street,' city.
GOOD talloress on ladles' suits. Call at 7Sj
O'Farrcll street.-
GIRL to do general housework; wages $20. Ap-
.] ply 718 Steiner st.
FINISHERS on pants wanted et 258 Tehania
ctreet. <
LADY typewriter ' and advertising solicitor
wanted. 62S Montgomery, room 16, 3d floo>\
PROTESTANT girl for general housework and
: cooking; small family; references. 2416 Pine.
GIRL wanted for general housework for coun-
try; 520. 74S Capn st.
GIRL. to assist in general housework. .177 Noe
,st., near 13th. bet. 9 and 12. ,
GIRL for housework; small family. 1116 Ellis
street.
GOOD talloress wanted at R. GRIFFIN'S, the
•tailor, 429 Montgomery ave. - ., ¦-. . -.
MISS ANITA GEAR, please call. MRS. M. E.
DAY, 333 Geary, st. . " • ¦
RIVETERS and operators on overalls and
'¦ shirts. HEYNEMANN & CO., 410% Mission.
EXPERIENCED saleslady for candy store at
1409 Polk st. Call after 10 a. m. -
WANTED— Experienced finisher on coats. 231
Eighth st.. Oakland.
WANTED- Ladles to .travel ; salary $18 a week,
all expenses ; no canvassing ; experience un-
¦ necessary; $25 cash security required. Call
• at Florence Hotel. 102 Ellis st..,KNAPP CO.
WOMAN to do general ! housework; must bo
good cook; 2. in family; wages $20. 1153
O"Farrell st. ' • s ,-. ¦ : . '
GIRL to help in bakery; also an experienced
'¦¦ one. 3150 Twenty-second st.." near Mission.
WANTED— 2 first-class lady ironers; one. of
them must be be able to run shirt machine:
wages, ironer, $30 and found; '.polisher. ' $33
and found. N.: JOENSEN. Woodland,, Cal.
'¦ .WANTED— Milliner or dressmaker who has
owned her .own business and who wishes to
better herself. Box 3666, . Call. '
OPERATORS wanted at Levi Strauss & Co.' s
•.-¦overall- -factory, . 32}& Fremont st.. Apply
MR. DAVIS. .. ¦ .. . ,:
, GIRL~ tor general housework; wages $20 per
¦ month. lOOGeneva ave., opp.' S. F. &.S. M.
. new carhouse; ;. ¦ '•.•.'¦¦.;'
WANTED— First-class, laundress. 117 Corbett
ave., S. F. . .. .'
WANTED— Young lady to attend shooting gal-
ler >'- 523 Paciflcvst.
.FIRST-CLASS operators on vests. BELASCO-
'¦-¦ HARRIS ' CO.,": 541'. Market ¦' st. , :
YOUNG ? girl C wanted to learn dressmaking at
- MME.. NELSON'S. ,1017: Geary st.
FIRST-CLASS operator on vests.' BELASCO-
HARRIS CO.. 641 Market 8t.v
GIRL' 14, to ' 16 years to assist * housework in
family.- Box 3623, Call office. -
CLASSIFIED 'advertisements and subscriptions
¦ received at Call branch office, 2I0O Fillmore st:
HELP WANTED— MALE. ,
A— MURRAY & READY...... Phone Main 6S48
. Leading Employment and Labor Agents,
....... ,.;..\VANT 7 A. M. TO-DAY
WE SHIP DAILY TO UKIAH. .fc'KKE FAKE
CO railroad laborers Uk:uh Free'Fare
¦ 50 railroad teamsters..... Ukiah Free Fare
60 Inhorers, ¦ no experience required, S. P. R.
, IV Cc.'s own vork, Los Angeles and Santa
Earbara divisions. $1 73 to $2 23 day.. Free fare
.-TMEOHANICAL HELP
Carpenter for an institution... .$o2 and found
. Painter for an institution...: $52 and found
' Kalsominer, $2 day and' tound; carpenter,
$2 25 day. and tound. fare $1
6 carpenters, sawmill company. .$«> and lound
-,1) carpenters and helpers, different places;
wagon-maker and woodworker, country shop;
blacksmith, no shoeing, $3 day; '-5 black-
smiths, different places, country, S3 and $250
day; blacksmith' and woodworker, country
.'shop; handy man and holder on. country
. boiler shop, $2 25 and $2 day; carriage painter,
harness-maker for a ranch; $32 50 and found.
..MINKS....... FIREMEN LABORERS..
5 machine miners for a new mine; 2 furnace
men, $42 and 'found; fireman. $2 day; 10 la-
¦ borers, no experience, lor. the mines, $34 and
lound; 10 miners, asphalt, mine. $60 and found,
see boss here; single-hand miners $75
.10 laborers, quarry, 50c fare .^........$60
150 laborers, city and country.. $1 75 and $2 day
..SAWMILLS AND WOODS..FARE PAID..
We ship to-day— 10 laborers, no experience
required, : $26 and found,' fare paid; 10 more
laborers to work in mills, yards and woods,
$35 to $65 and found ; linemen and . jack-
screwers, $30 to $33 and found; 2 men to work
- with donkey engine -.......$40
....HARVEST FARMS' .....DAIRIES....
165 men to work In hay . and harvest fields,
header wagon drivers, loaders, etc., $150 to
?2 25 day: \ 2 teamsters, orchard company,-
steady jobs, $26; 35 farm, orchard and vine-
yard hands, $26 to $30; 9 milkers, $33 and $30;
.choremen and boys; teamster for a mine. $40;
boys for machine shop. $1 50 day; 2 scraper
teamsters; 50c>. tare...... :..,.. .....$32 50
MARRIED HELP
Farmer and wife, ranch, $1 fare.. $30 and found
•Man and wife for a harvesting crew, long
Job, $50; farmer and wife for an orchard, see
boss here ..:.... 7.. .¦.
..4 BUTCHERS HOTEL DEPARTMENT...
Slaughter-house butcher, ranch, $40; sausage
stuffer. $13 50 week; butcher, country shop.
$40; cook's helper, mine, $30; cook, plain hotel
near city, $45; 2 camp cooks; camp waiter; 5
ranch cooks; 7 bakers, city and country shops;
5 cooks, city and country; laundry help, etc.
MURP.AY & READY 634-636 Clay st.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S.. ....104 Geary st.
........FOR NEW RAILROAD WORK
50 teamsters, ship to-night, free fare.. Truckee
50 laborers, ship to-night; free, fare Truckee
ICO tunnelmen, drillers and muckers. ..$2, $2 50
For Chatsworth. Park.. Ship to-night, free fare
SO laborers, ballasting track, Coast road
Laborers. Santa Barbara and L. A. divisions
Shlp^ to-night Free Fare Ship to-night
50 teamsters, ship daily, free fare Ukiah
60 laborers, ship daily, free fare... Ukiah
MISCELLANEOUS
2 blacksmiths, sawmill. $3; 50 other black-
smiths, $3 and $2 50; 4 milkers, $30: 20 hands
for orchard, $30; 20 haymakers, south. $30 and
$35 and fare paid; 10 6-horse teamsters, haul
grain, "$45 and found; lumber pilers; men to
. work In sawmill, swampers, screw turners
and others. $35 to $30 and found; -100 labor-
¦ ers, pick and shovel, digging ditches, $2 25 a
day
Blacksmith and shoer for summer resort.. .530
! HOTEL DEPARTMENT '......
-Shampooer and wife, -springs $70
Night watchman, springs $'2->
% Potwasher. springs $25
Shampooer, springs $40
Head porter, large hotel $60
Potwasher. $35
\Waiter. club $45
Omnibus, ' country hotel $25
Cooks, seconds, broilers, fryers, vegetable
cooks $60-$73
Lunch man $40
Waiters .' $25-$3.'»
Bookkeeper, double entry, country store $63
C. R. HANSEN & CO 104 Geary st.
AT THE CAL. EMPLOYMENT AGENCY,
59 Third St.; Telephone Bush 405.
50 railroad laborers...... $1 75 to $2 25 per day
Free Fare Free Fare.. .Free Fare
8 lumber pilers, $35 to $45 per mo. and aboard
5 rouEh carpenters ...'. $2 60 per day
10 laborers, $14 per week; steady job
10 men to ballast track $2 per day
5 bark peelers.*.... $45 per month and board
4 laborers, city ..$173, board at home
3 drillers, $2 25 per day; 2 teamsters, city
10 men for harvest fields %Z per day
Blacksmith, country town ;$3 GO per day
Butcher, country town.
Camp waiter $20 ano? found
WANTED — Coachman, Irish or Scandinavian,
references, $35; married coachman, $45, some
extra work for wife to be paid for. house
furnished, country; fruit farmer and wife,
$'0: stablem«n, on horses only; country- livery
stable, $30 and found; 8 farmers, steady work.
T30, fare refunded; trimmer fcr saw mill, $30
and board; screw tender, $45; lumber pilen«.
$35; quarrymen, $2 50 a day; furnacemen, $2
a day. Apply to J. F. CROSETT & CO., C2S
Sacramento st. •>
S. F. EMPLOYMENT OFFICE.' 323 Kearny St.,
wants carload of laborers for R. R. work,
free fare; 50 men a day for lumber mills, 10
laborers . for city, 6 R. ..R. , teamsters .for
Truck.ee. $2, free fare. • " .
A— HOTEL GAZETTE, 26 Montgomery, r. 12.
Second cook, $60; porter for resort, $25; i
colored waiters, steady place, $30.
A MAN to milk and care for 10 cows at
springs resort, £30. fare one way. MRS. M.
E. DAY, 335 Geary st. .
BARBERS. Attention!— The 1 State Board of
Barber Examiners are now. in session dally
at Emm'a Spreckels building, room 204, from
9 a. m. until 5 p. m. for the purpose of
Issuing certificates, in accordance with the
law regulating the practice of 1 Ubrberlng In
California. a3 passed at the session of the
last Legislature./ P. W. DRAKE. Sec.
WANTED^Steady man to assist in light,
genteel work: will pay $16 to $20 per -week:
experience not necessary; must; have $150
cash. Apply at 25 Geary St., room 1.
WHOLESALE house requires the services of
young man to do office work and make him-
self useful: typewriter preferred. Particulars
to box 3671. Call offlce. .
BOY wanted— A srood strong boy with me-
I. clianical turn of mind; about 18 years old.
j KENNEDY RABJOHN ART CO., 21 Post st.
..WANTED — Two good blacksmiths for repair
and peneral work. CITY STREET IM-
PROVEMENT CO., 17th and Harrison sts.
WANTED— A man with $S00" as a partner in a
first-class restaurant to attend to cash coun-
ter. Apply at 2SV4 Kearny St.. room 9.
WANTED— 40 tall men for the production of
"Under Two Flag-s" at Columbia "tlheater;
stage door this morning, at 9:30.
BARBERS— 2-chalr shep with . baths In near-
by country ' town. Apply DECKELMAN
BItCS., 1C3 Ellis fit.
WANTED— An . experienced man or boy for
'. peddling fruit. Call at 563 Natoma street, 7
o'clock a. m. . .
WANTED — A second waiter for Russ House.
San Jose; . wages $25 and found; address at
once. '
WANTED— Advertising man. 62S Montgomery
street, room 16, third floor.
GOOD barber; steady job. ApDly 723 Fourth
street. San Rafael; tel. Red!]5. ' '
WANTED— A good barber to manage a shop.
1202 Stockton street. '•'¦"-'.'
BOOTBLACK for barber shop. ¦ Cor. Geary
and Hyde streets.
DISHWASHER at ' Potrero Hotel: $25 per
month. 3C1 Twenty-second st.,^11 a.m.
FIRST-CLASS horse blacksmith wanted at
623 Howard St. :'•¦'_
WAITER at Potrero Hotel; $30 per month.
201 Twenty-second 1 st., 11 a.m.
3-CHAIR barber "hop for sale: stand Inspec-
tion; going to Nome. 503 Halght street. -
WANTED- Strong boy to learn .* carpenter
trade.-.. 51 Sacramento street..-
GOOD barber wanted ; steddy Job. 233 Call-
• fornla street. ,
FIRST-CLASS Jobbing blacksmith. A. T.
BECRAFT. Twenty-third and Bartlett sts.
2BOYS wanted for . factory work. 152 New
Montgomery st. •
WANTED— Wagon blacksmith. 537 Erannan st.
WANTED— 6 first-class paper-hangers. Apply
• at 1C14 Market st. ... __
WANTED — Paper-hancer take contrrrt: whlte-
¦ -washing, etc. GAIETY saloon, 631 Pacific st.
WANTED^-Day Cashier. 29 Stockton st.
BOOTBLACK wanted. Apply O43 Larkin St.
COOK wanted for bcardlng-house. 322 • Main
street. . # : ! ¦
YOUNG man^for' general cleaning. 10-14 Va-
lencia st. ".•-¦' . \ •_ • -
WANTED— 2 men to do some rock shoveling.
Apply £5 California ave.. bet. 2Sth and 29th sts.
WANTED— Recruits for the marine corps. U.'
. S. Navy: -able-bodied, unmarried men of good
character,. between the ages of. 21 and 35: not
,. less than 5 feet 4 inches and not over 6 feet 1
inch. '• able to read . and speak ' English. For
further Information apply to the Recruiting
Offlce, 40 Ellis St.. : San Francisco. •
COATMAKER ' for ,'• country. Apply REISS
:BROS.;& CO.. 24 Sutter st.
.WANTED— Barber:' steady work.- 237%' Fifth.
SAILORS.' ordinary and green hands, for ships
at-HERMAN'S.-26 Steuart st.
ALL sizes men's shoes, "slightly damaged, half
price. 562 Mission st... bet., 1st and 2d sts.
WANTED-^-Reliable. 1 young-' man V with ' some
'•cash; $40 month; no experience.' 496 , Fourth.
.WANTED— Fur cutter; young man; steady po-
sition. 'Write full particulars to the Sliver-"
' field Fur 'Manufactures Co-., Portland, Or.
HKT.f \y uTF.n — *' • '¦'¦• — *•"- ' 1.
WANTED— First-class Italian barber. $t5 a
week. Address box 3374. Call office.
WANTED— Men of~good business ability an.l
financial standing to take management or
specified territory. Pacific Coast, for Eastern
commercial agency; good salary. Appl> room
614. Call building. San Francisco.
WANTED— Men of good business ability, well
acquainted with orty. to solicit for Eastern
commercial agenty; good-paying positions.
¦ Apply room 614, Call building. .
$3 PER day. steady work the year around, for
a competent tinner who understands roonng
and iron pipe work. EDWARD HART. Gal-
lup. N. M. •
WOMAN for light housework: good home If
willing to assist lady doctress; good, pay;
state age. Box 26S6. Call offlce.
WANTED-^Basters on coats. Apply at factory
of S. N. WOOD & CO.. 27 Geary st. .
WANTED— At Master Bakers' Protective As-
sociation, foreman, second and third bread
bakers; also confectioners; good pay; perma-
nent positions. 127 Mason st.
UNDERPRESSER on pants. BELASCO-HAR-
RIS CO.. 541 Market St.
WANTED— 500 men to buy new and 2nd-hand
army shoes. $1 up; soling 20c up. 923 Howard.
McDONALD & PERRY have 500 pairs second-
hand shoes for saje, 50c up. 241 Third st. '
AT cash prices for $1 per week, men's suits to
order. NEUHAUS & CO., 115 Kearny st.
PENSIONS— J. "h. SHEPARD & CO.. attya..
Hearst bldg.. Third and Market, room 316.
WANTED— Men to learn barber trade: $60
monthly paid our graduates: two months
completes; more calls for our barbers than
'we can supply; tools presented; wages Sat-
urdays: diplomas granted; busy season now:
call or write for our special offer to-day.
MOLER BARBER COLLEGE. 635 Clay st.
ENTERPRISING man for outside position
with a prominent life insurance company:
city or country; liberal commissicn. Address
| H. W. KNOU»r»431 California St.. San Fran.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver "House. 217 Third st. ; 130 largo
:. rooms; 23c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
PENSION AGENT EDWARD A. BULLIS.
Past Commander Geo. H. Thomas Post No. 2.
G. A. R.. room 40. Phelan bldg.. 806 Market.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 25c
to 50c. 562 Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
MEN to learn barber trade; catalogue mailed
free. S. F. Barber School. 741A Howard st.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st, near Mar-
ket— 7C0 rooms. 25c nisht; reading-rooms: free
'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established ' at 1036
• Valencia st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce. 2200 Flllmore st.
HORSES AND WAGONS.
AN unusually fine park team, suitable for pri-
vate family; coal-black mares, age 6 and 7
years; weigh 1100 pounds each; also black
single mare, age 7 years, weight 1000 pounds,
height loVn, ride or drive, single or double.
Inquire 834 Devlsadero st. j
»') HOKSES for pale; also wagons, buggies,
carts*, harness. Grand Arcad-j Horse Market,
327 Sixth st.; auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN fc DOYLE. Auctioneer*.
50 COWS: 6 horses: placeman be rented if de-
sired. Inquire at 521 Montgomery st.
FOR SALE— Horse and phaeton cheap. 1257
Eighteenth ave south; phone Ohio 32.'
6 CHEAP horses for sale: suitable for country
u?e. 43 Eiehth st. CARVILL, MFG. CO.
40 HEAD work and driving horses. 721 How-
ard st.
A CAMPING wagon, harness and tent for
sale. 404 Jackson gt.
ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, harness,
etc.. cheap. EGAN & SON. 2117 Mission st.
AN A No. 1 express wagon, single: al.«o light
camnlre tupdh. for yule «"n»ap. 532 Mission.
1IORSES WANTED.
HORSES wanted to work on scraper job: four
or five months' work. Apply at 26 Montgomery
j »t.. room JR.
j * HOUSES TO LKT.
I A— PRINTED list hou«es tt» let: send for dr-
j- cular. G. II. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
; $11 — SUNNY house of 5 rooms and basement.
I Key. 2228 Geary st. . '
! HOUSES TO LET FURNISHED.
j TO rent for a term of months, furnished house
of 10 rooms; on Powell street, between Sac-
ramento and Clay. Apply to LANDRY C.
J BABIX. j!3 Kearny st.
• COTTAGE of 8 rooms; 5 furnished complete
j for housekeeping;' rent $16. 81S Church st.
¦ SUBURBAN HOUSES.
TO let — Furnished residence with large flower
garden and orchard; all in bearing; situated
•on the Russian River. Box 3673. Call.
LOST AND FOUND.
LOST — A spotted pointer: license No. 1039; lib-
j eral reward. H. DOHRMANN—33C0 Mission.
j Wanted— Old gold for manufacturing. O. Nolte,
j jeweler. 248 O'Farrell. bet. Powell and Mason.
j MATltOlOXIAI,.
j GENTLEMEN wishing to marry wealthy ladies
| send 10c for latest list. MRS. HERTZ. 7C6 Ellis
I •
j MATTRESSES AND PILLOWS.
I TO order. alS3 cleaned and sterilized, uphol-
! stery; Al carpet cleaning; honest work guar-
; anteed. HOPKE BROS.. 411 and 413 Powell
! st.: tel. Bush 421. Factory 318 & 320 11th *t.
i • MEDICAL.
A— RENOWNED specialist; these who desire to
obtain results promptly; I treat ladles only;
! my regulator has no equal; all classes of fe-
I male- complaints relieved by treatment su-
i perior to all others; the only treatment that
helps the unfortunate; the most obstinate
i cases are immediately relieved without pain;
j no other treatment will" do this; the most dif-
I ficult cases treated: scientific methods guar-
j anteert. DR. G. W. O'DONNELL. 1018 Market.
I HINDOHERB home treatment; the most .won-
I . derful. simple, sure remedies ever known for
| indigestion, tapeworm, neuralgia, leucorrhea.
| gonorrhea, eczema, scrofula, syphilis and all
\. troubles of male and female sexual crgans;
treat yourself: be your own doctor; 4 months'
cuppository treatment, $4; send stamp fcr
circulars. 1126 Market st.. S. F.. Cal.
I A TREATMENT that Is guaranteed to give in-
j ftant relief, for, all female complaints; the
I longest and most obstinate cases Immediately
1 relieved without pain: travelers helped; no
j delay; consult free. MRS. DR. KOHL. 11*2
! Market, bet. Mason and Taylor, opp. Hale's.
DR. AND MRS. DAVIES. 122S Market, ladies'
specialists; 32 years' practice; all cases treated
:.by our wonderful herb remedy; a reliable
treatment, superior to any other; positive cure
guaranteed at office; patients treated can re-
turn same day; harmless; consultation free.
A POSITIVE cure guaranteed in all female
complaints or money returned; my regulator
never fails; the most obstinate cases relieved
without pain; best cure; fee low; consult free
MRS. DR. ALLEN, 1118 Market, nr. Mason!
DR. AND MRS. GOODWIN. 1035 Market, bet.
6th & 7th — Expert specialists-: well known and
reliable: 25 yrs' experience; treatment guarn'd
to give Instant relief from all female troubles
avoid Incompetent specialists; consult free. '
MRS. DR. WYETH, reliable specialist: 26 yrs.'
successful practice; guaranteed treatment at
offlce; any ailment; home before and during
. confinement. 942 Post. bet. v Hyde and Larkin.
DRi POPPER, female specialist; no/pills or
medicine used. 1IH Devlsadero st.. nr. Geary.
T. DUFFY'S solution guaranteed to cure all
-1 skin disease?. NW. cor. G. G. ave. & Fillmore".
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call
in pages. In wrapper for mailing. $1 per year)
¦ ¦^' n^?"^L^?. MIXING.
PARTY who holds group oreTTh'no^UeT^D^
per claims would like to meet men with
small amount of money to develop them*
they are sure to work Into rich and paying
.property. . T. J.MAY, 6-?8 Market st. V
DIVIDEND paying mining stocks at 3c, 5c and
lCc per share; send for. prospectus Pacific
States Mining and Investment Co.. S26 Post st.
MISCELLANEOUS— FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engine?. " M-hanTlaa^nery~Me^
¦ yiXTOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont st
BARS back bars, mirrors, restaurant and po-
ker tables, barroom chairs/linoleum, r new and
second-hand: we always have a large stock of
saloon outfits on hand; 32 complete outfit* on
one floor, ready made: we can ship everything
i,n. :4 , hours - J - NOONAN.1017; 1019. 1021. 1023
Mission Ft., above Sixth: write. for catalogue.
A-BUYS. sells or rents gear, machinery, en-
pulIey3 -
A-J3.S0 DERBY and Fedora hats. $1.75 .Popu-
lar Price Hatters. 330 Kearny st., near Pine."
FINE suits, $10; dress pants, $2 75. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery , t .
PREJiO.No. 5; -5x7 camera; "complete outfit'
•cheap; entirely new. , Box 3576. Call offlce.
FOR sale— An express wagon. Apply 1305 Pa-
: cine. street. j .. ¦ : ¦_
HEADQUARTKKS lor trunks, bag* ami dre»»
' suit cases. A. B. SillTU CO., 12S Ellis st.
MISCELLANEOUS— FOR SALE— -Con.
SECOND-HAND machinery of all kinis
bought, sold, rented und exchanged. H. S.
WHITE. 816 Mission «t.
SAFES— New and se=ond-haDd : all sizes. THE
WALTZ SAFE. 109-111 Market St.. San Fran.
{64 MAGIC lantern and moving picture ma-
chine $3? F0. 109 Montgomery st.
ONE 4-horse-power Covey engine: one Z>,i-
horse-power Hercules: bargain. 910 Kearny.
SAFES— New and second-hand. THE HER-
MAN SAFE CO.. 417-123 Sacramento st.
ENGINES p.nd boilers: secon'd-hanil machinery.
J. BURKE. 139 Beale st.
FAIRBANKS' 10-ton hay scale; Jeweler's steel
lined aafe. perfect, order. 216 California at.
GASOLINE engines. 2d-hand, and other ma-
chinery bought and sold. Epstein. S33 Mission.
Gasoline or distillate engines, new .4 ?d-han<l:
all sizes; guaranteed. NEWELL. 5S Bluxom?.
FIRST-CLASS second-hand modern engines ard
boilera bought and sold. KROGH MFG. CO.
WE pay big prices for sealskins. Portland
Loan Offlce. 25 Stockton at.
MAGIC lanterns. n«w and M-hand moving pic-
tures. BULLARD & BRECK. 131 Post at.
" MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
H UPTON pays highest price for cast-oft
clothing. 7 Spring st, nr. Cal. ; tel. Green 534.
TILTON -wants 2nd-hand clothing, especially
skirts. >tr»-et dressey. 154 9th: tel. Folsom 2522.
. MOXEY TO LOAN.
A— MONEY tc loan at rates whica people can
afford to pay on furniture, pianos, etc. ; do not
borrow of your friends or you will lose their
friendship; do business with strangers atd
you will be better satisfied; no delay; no pub-
licity. Rooms 9 and 10, 90S Market at.
IF YOUR PROPERTY
....:...".:.?... -••• IS MORTGAGED
and you need more money, see H. MURPHY,
630 Market st. Loans on estates In probati;.
undivided interests In estates, second mort-
gages, etc.
ANY proposition, any amount: S per cent; firs:,
second mortgages, estates In probate. Interest
In estates, legacies, corporation loans, chattel
mortgages and securities. Room 16. 1st floor.
Chronicle building. HALLORAN & OLSEX.
ANY amount at 6%; first. 2d and 3d mortgages,
undivided interest, real estate In probate;
mortgages and legacies bought: no delay; get
' my terms before doing business elsewhere. R.
McCOLGAN, 24 Montgomery St., room 2.
HIGHLY respectable, private place to obtain
.liberal advances on diamonds, jewelry at low.
Zest rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. 94« Marked
St.; teL Main 1641. Branch 19 Third at.
MOST reliable place to borrow on diamonds,
watches, jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL, 10 Sixth:
highest price for old gold, silver, diamonds.
LOWEST rates on furniture, etc., by private
party; no removal; no commission; confiden-
tial. Room 3. Conservatory bldg.. 301 Jones.
ON furniture, pianos: no removal: money
quick; lowest interest; easy terms; no broker-
age; reliable party. 1170 Market st., room 68.
DEAL direct; furniture, pianos; no removal:
low rate; strictly private. Lick, 118 McAllister.
ONE per cent on furniture; $5 a, month on each
J1CC0; any security. 302 Montgomery St., r. 1.
MONEY loaned salaried people without security.
HILL. r. 44, Merchants* Ex., 431 California.
3% on furniture and pianos; $15 up: no removal;
no commission; private. Room 81, 6 Eddy st.
ON salaries or wages; no Indorser required. S.
F. DISCOUNT AGENCY, 143 Phelan building.
LOANS money on salary: no Indorser; Eastern
plan. Western Loan Co.. 309 Phelan bldg.
$100,OCO TO loan on real estate or for building;
low rate. 222 Sansome st.. room 2.
-THE Tousley Company; loans and discounts.
321 Parrot building.
CASH loaned to salaried people on n^;e without
Indorser. MORRELL. 6C9 Examiner building.
MONEY WANTED.
OUR clients demand we make loans for them,
and offer < per cent interest upon firat-clav*
securities only. West Coast Investment Co..
Pfrelan building.
MUSICAL IXSTRC3IEXTS.
$75 cr $100 or $150 or $2C0 is not too much to pay
fqr a gocd second-hand piano — If you buy at
the right place. This is the right place and
we hare lets of good bargains to show; we
give the privilege of exchanging; any piano
purchased from us for a Decker & Son at
any time within 5 years from date of pur-
chase and allow full amount paid.
THE ZEXO MAUVAIS MtSIC CO.. 763
Market st.
ALL nianos purchased of SHERMAN. CLAY
• -.¦' CO. may be exchanged for a new Steinway
(,' " .right or baby grand piano any time within
3 years from date, of purchase, and have full
price allowed. New upright pianos. $S per
month; some good pianos sold for $3. $1 and
$5 per month. SHERMAN. CLAY & CO..
Steinway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
sts.. San Francisco: corner Broadway and
Thirteenth ?t.. Oakland. j
REMOVAL of KEEFFE'S piano store from
Market st. to our large and elegant quarters.
341 Post st., opposite Union square. Are now
prepared to offer several new makes and all
of our old stock at greatly reduced prices.
JAS. KEKFFE, 314 Post st.. "between Stock-
ton and Powell.
ANY piano sold by us taken back any tlm*
within 3 years and full purchase price al-
lowed on a new peerless Knabe at regular
price; costs you only 20c a day tp buy a
piano - from us. KOHLER & CEASE, 39
O'Farrell st. ; established 1S30.
A LIST of fine second-hand bargains— 1 Emer-
son. 1 Hallet & Davis. 1 Conover. 1 Curtaa. 1
Sterling. $75. $125, $145. etc. : easy payment*.
BENJ. CURTAZ & SON. 16 O'Farrell St.,
Chlckerinsr, Vose. Sterling Agency; also
ApoUo. king of self-players.
BARGAINS— Clearance sale bargains: upright
pianos. $73 and upward; Steinway. Knab».
Emerson. Hartman and others; squares $10
up. BRUENN. 20S Post st
PARTIES wishing to take advantage of our
sacrifice sale of high-s-rade pianos must call
before th»*-.20th. THE J. DEWING CO..
Flood building.
BARGAINS— Fischer, Weber, Manner. Nugent,
- Hallet & Davis; easy payments. SCHMITZ.
15 McA Ulster st.
A LARGE lot of second-band upriaht olanos
for sale cheap. HORNUNG'S. 216 McAllister.
ALL makes: great bargains: $j0 up: rents $3
up allowed. HEINIS PIANO CO.. 217 Geary.
SEW works put in your old piano. BYRON
MAUZY'S Factory. 30S Post st. '
LARGE 3-cedal uprisrht nlano; absolute sacrl-
fice; leaving city. 127 Hyde st.. near Turk.
CLOSING out stock of pianos: prices reduced
one-half. W. C. HAMILTON. 8' Flood bids.
LUDWIG pianos the most popular. WILEY B.
ALLEN CO., general agents, 933 Market ft.
$3 PER mnrth rents a beautiful piano. SCOTT-
CURT \7. PIANO CO.. 560 Hayes st.
$317— MAHOGANY «-ase Fischer upright. M7
Geary st.; room 38.
A FINEf upright piano for sale cheap. ITt Mc-
Allister st.
AT .WILSON'S STORAGE. 1706 Market St.. you
can get storage pianos almost for a song.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. IT
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham nt.-ir*.
OFFICES AND STORES TO LET.
BASEMENT to let with larse bake oven; rent
$10. lCfi Eleventh st.
EMMA SPRECKELS building. 927 Market St.—
Funnv o'flces. $15 to $20: usual services.
OIL. •-
CALJSTOGA Oil and Development Company;
operating on 2120 acres of oil land In him
districts. Offlce, 23 and 24 Merchants' Ex.
COSTA RICA— La«t chance at 10c: big advance
In a few days. Pacific States Mining and In-
vestment Co.. 326 Post. Open evenings.
OIL tanks, second-hand. In good order: ait
¦tees; cheap. H. S. WHITE. SIS Mission at.
OIL LANDS.
OIL lands for sale or lease in all parts of tha
State. We can furnish you with lands In the
best localities. If you are looking for lands
or wish to invest in stocks of the leading oil
companies call on us before going el««ewh»re.
SHEA A PETERSON. »11 ETamlner hui'rtln?.
PAINTERS AND DECORATORS.
WE paper parlors or rooms\rom $3 up: paint-
Ing done. 319 Third st. Hartman Paint Co.
PAPER-HANGING, house painting: good rell-
able work. Clark's. SOS Larkin: tM. Larkin low
PALMISTRY.
MRS. WM. M'MANUS. scientific palmist? TeL
Blue 311. 10 to 5. Residence 731 Guerrero.
MME. GEKMAIXE. the business nalmist of,
. the Pacific Coast: 1 to 5. 90S Market st.
H. JEROME FOSSELLI. scientific palmist. 51»
Taylor St.. bet. Geary an? Post; tel. Black 561.
MRS. LAMB, scientific palmist and character
reading: leison^ in class and private. 617 Jones.
PARTNERS WANTED.
WANTED— A partner to manufacture ewnentl
lime.' ready mixed- mortar and buildlns ma-
terials; established business. Box S6ZS CalLIf everybody preached what he prac
ticed,'nobody in the world would consider
anybody else respectable.'
LONDON, June '17.— Replying to ques
tions, in -the House of Commons to-day,
Mr. Brodrick, the' War Secretary, said
there were 40,229 persons in the concen
tration camps of the Transvaal and Or
ange River, Colony. • The deaths in these
camps for the month of May . numbered
98 men and women and 31S children. The
announcement of .the mortality was re
ceived with groans from • the Irish mem
i.bers and cries of "scandalous!" » . . :
Mr. Brodrick.- added that the authori
ties were arranging for the release .of the
women and children who had friends to
receive them, but the Government 'could
not undertake to feed " them, in Isolated
places. . • • ¦ . ' '• . - ¦
The division- in the House, of Commons
on the motion made by Mr. Lloyd-George,
Welsh Nationalist, to adjourn the House
on the xjuestion of the treatment of Boer
women and children, which was rejected
by a voteof 253 to X3-C served to accentu- ;
ate the split in the Liberal party on the
Government's war policy. » Sir Henry
Campbell-Bannerman. the- Liberal -leader,
supported Mr. Lloyd-George in the policy
of concentrating women and children' in
camps, and. with Sir William Vernon Har
court. Liberal, and Riffht Hon. William
Brice, Liberal, voted in the minority on
Mr. Lloyd-George's motion. About fifty
Liberal Imperialists, led by Right. Hon.
'H- H. • Asqulth, . Advanced Liberal, and
Sir Edward Grey, Liberal, abstained from
voting as a. protest against the Banner
man-Harcourt-Morley section of the
House of Commons " identifying; them
selves so closely with the extreme pro-
Boers. ¦ ¦¦ -j ' . ¦ .• ¦ • ¦ • • ;
The Daily News and the Chronicle, re
spectively organs of the pro-Boer and im
perialist sections, display the greatest ir
ritation at this open split in the Liberal
party! • .• ;
Lord Kitchener Iras not yet cabled the
details of the reverse of, the Victorian-
Rifles of General Beatson's column at
Steenkeolsprult June 12. Small affairs
continue to be reported from South Africa.
Scheerper's commando is locked in at Mur- :
raysburg In Cape Colony.' Lord Kitchener
has moved to Bloemfontein.
Secretary Brodrick ' Makes
. Startling Admission in ,
Commons. ;
Awful Condition in the
Boer Concentration
Camps;
HUNDREDS DIE
IN PRISON PENS
Customs inspectors, by order of Survey
or Spear, .yesterday ; searched the .battle
ship : Oregon ':' for ..smuggled : goods and
seized sufficient merchandise to yield. $103
in duties," which amount was paid by the
Smuggled. Goods Seized.
An ,unknowu woman, about 60 years
old, died suddenly,. yesterday, morning. on
the sidewalk at the Intersection of Second
and Bryant streets, evidently of alcohol
ism. The body was' taken to the Morgue
for identification., ' . ,. ,
Died of Alcoholism.
The Judge objected to making the ex
amination and there was a hasty depart
ure of some of <¦ the' officials and others
from the courtroom. The Judge ordered
the girl taken home at once and the house
quara ntined. { The case was continued till
to-morrow. # , •
Dr. P. A. Kearney testified that Mrs.
Crawford's 13-year-old daughter is suf
fering from diphtheria and that he had so
notified the Board of Health. Mrs. Craw
ford brought the girl into court and said*
".You can see for yourself whether or not
she has diphtheria." .. 9 ¦ ¦>
There was almost, a stampede in Judge
Conlar.'s court . yesterday morning when
Mrs. J. A. Crawford, 518 Howard street,
appeared to answer a charge of Interfer
ing with an officer. There was diphtheria
in her house; and Policeman Cottle was
sent there Saturday to put up a notice to
that effect. Mrs. Crawford tore down the
notice and slapped, Cottle on the' face.
a Startling Surprise Sprung
'•' : on Them;
Judge Conlan and His Officials Have
DIPHTHERIA PATIENT
IN POLICE COURT
THE ; SAyvFRAyCISCO;-CALL,: : TUESDAY,i::jyNE::.;i8,; ; 19d^
11
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged, re-
paired: open even,; phone Black 1124. 203 4th.
SEWING- MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES.
OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
GOLDEN WEST Storage Warehouse, 840 Mis-
sion St.: tel. Howard 941. F. W. ZEHFUSS.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co.,
office Post and Powell sts.; tel. Main 5713.
OAKLAND FURXITURE FOR SALE.
AN introduction to you from H. Schellhaas. the
furniture dealer, uth and Franklin, Oakland.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co., 722 Mission St.;
¦ tel. Main 1840; shipping ax cut rates.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Movfng Com-
pany. 2320 Fillmore st. ; phone Jackson 231.
WANTED— Good barn of " shed near business
. center for storage. Box 3675, Call office. : ;
$300 CASH. $20 monthly: up-to-date, modern 2-
story house of 9 rooms; ¦ all conveniences;
large lot. 150 ft. deep, on Fruitvale ave.; no
logs nor raw winds; a lovely home at a bar-
gain; price all told. $2750; will make terms
to euit or discount for cash. 455 Seventh St.,
opposite Broadway station, Oakland; carriage
free. H. Z. JONES, owner. ¦
OATCliAXn RRAL RSTATB.
GREAT BARGAINS IN TYPEWRITERS— We
' sell better machines for less money than, any
house In the city; rentals, $3. ' The Typewriter
Exchange, 536 California; telephone Main 266.
TYPEWRITERS AXD SUPPLIES.
RENT a new Franklin 'typewriter for $1 week
and have your work in sight. CUTTER
TOWER CO.. 302 Montgomery; tel. Black 4885.
HARTFORD typewriters; new, $60: anti-trust;
all makes; used machines. $10 up. 209 Sansome.
SUMMER RESORTS.
$lia CASH, $.10 monthly; new cottage, 3 large
• rooms; 7-foot basement; brick foundation: 4
large level lots, 50x256; price all told, $775;
will fence and flnlEh up to suit buyer, or will
rent 100x256 feet cheap; plenty of water; soil,
climate and view the very best: close. to elec-
tric car line and 60-foot wide boulevard, and
not far from model schoolhouse; no fogs nor
raw winds here; adjoining East Oakland; 10
buildings gone up already: more coming. Call
or send for circular. . 455 Seventh St., opp.
Broadway station. Oakland; carriage free.
HENRY Z. JONES, owner.
CAMP lots to sell or lease In Redwood range,
west of Gllroy; ocean views,- fine . scenery,
charming and healthful resorts; grove3 of
'delightful shade; pure air and water. Ad-
drees box 2J2, Gilroy. Cal. "*
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
52600— TERMS will be arranged; pretty Eastlake
cottage of 7 rooms, bath. hall, etc.; elevated
lot 40x100; open terraced lawn, stone walks
and coping; choice central location; handy to
local station.
GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO..
100S Broadway, Oakland.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
DIVIDEND Notice— Dividend No. 92 (20 cents
. per. share) of the Hutchlnson Sugar Planta-
tion Company will be payable at the office of
• the company, S27 Market Bt.. on and after
¦ Thursday. June 20, 19C1. > Transfer books
will close on Thursday, June 13, 1901, at 3
o'clock p. m. E. H.. SHELDON. Secretary.
BRANNAN, 725. above Sixth— 3 rooms neatly
furnished; complete for housekeeping; $.10.
HOOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
PROPOSALS.
EDDY. 735 — Newly furnished sunny suites for
housekeeping; bath; gas ranges; reasonable.
CALIFORNIA. 1327— Single, double and house-
keeping rooms; gas, bath, water; from $4 up.
EDDY. 872— Large sunny room with use of
kitchen; everything new; $16..
FIFTH. 333 — Furnished double parlors, kitchen
¦ and bath, $20; 3 for $12; also single, $5 up.
TREASURY Department, Office Supervising
Architect, Washington, D. C, June 6, 1901.—
- Sealed proposals, will be received at this of-
fice until 2 o'clock p. m. on the loth day. of
July, 1901, and then opened for the new boil-
er plant and new" feed pumps, etc.", for the
U. S. Branch Mint at San Francisco, Cal., in
accordance with the drawings and speclilca-
: tlons, copies of which may be obtained at
this office or at the office of the superinten-
dent at San Francisco, Cal., at the discre-
tion of the supervising architect. . JAMES
KNOX TAYLOR, Supervising Architect..
FULTON. 671 — 3 rooms furnished for house-
keeping. $13; also 2 rooms, $S.
FULTOX. 308— Two sunny housekeeping rooms;
coal stove; bath; gas; yard and basement.
JACKSON, P20, near Mason— Furnished large
room, crate; or housekeeping; $7 to JS; sin-
gle. $4. . .. . . . •. . • . . : .
McALLISTER. €96 — Fine sunny parlors; kitchen,
vard. bath; smaller sunny suite; furn. rooms.
MINNA, 111*4— Bay-window housekepelng room.
$1 75 per week.
MISSION. 1219— Furnished housekeeping; com-
plete: no children: also single rooms.
NINTH. 133— Sunny furnished suite of roqina;
u«» of kitchen; suitable for housekeeping.
STEVENSON. 237. bet. 3rd and 4th— Three fur-
¦ nished rooms for housekeeping.
SIXTH, 244-Nicely furnished housekeeping
rooms; reasonable.
SIXTH. 242 — Two or three nice rooms; first
floor; rent reasonable.
SIXTH, 123Vfc— Nicely furnished sunny front
rooms ; light housekeeping: gas; quiet.
POLK. 1002 — 3 and 5-room suites, completely
furnished for houseiceeplng: $15 up; reference.
OAX. 119— Large ' sunny front room furnished
for housekeeping; large closet: range $10.
TURK, iril— One or two large unfurnished
rooms for; housekeeping;. . . .
VAN NESS. 232— Housekeeping rooms complete.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been ' established at 1096
A— BRUNSWICK HOUSE, 148 Sixth— Rooms.
25c to $1 per night; Jl 25 to $5 per week and
• light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
;, trip on or about JUNEJ2^ U
' The Senator made five trips to Nome last
year, being, one of the first to arrive .there,
landing 1 all her passengers and freight without
loss, mishap or material delay. .
For passenger rates apply TICKET OFFICE,
4 New Montgomery street. . •-.- - .....
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO.. Gen.. Af-ts.y -
10 Market" street.
For Nome Direct.
LEAVING SEATTLE on hei» second
SENATOR
and Splendid Steamship
From San Francisco June 25
Connecting at Seattle with the Company's New
WILL SAIL — -
.Pacific -Coast I Steamship Co.
IH| NOME
'^Ml^l GOLDFIELDS.
Steamship City of Pnebla
OCEAN TRAVEL.
BRANNAN, 725, above Sixth— 3 nice sunny
rooms; $S.
A— MARKET. 1049A— Nicely furnished suites.
513 per month up; singles. $5 per month up.
BURNETT. 1426 Market (old No. 1364)— Fur-
nished rms.'. suites, single: also unfurnished.
FOLSOM, 1123— A nice sunny room In a pri-
vate family.
CLIFFORD, 204 Ellis, cor. Mason— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
ERN ALASKA, including
.GLACIER BAY.
TICKET OFFICE — 1 New Montgomery st.
Alaska Excursion Steamer QUEEN j
Will Sail from San Francisco
• WEDNESDAY, June 19, 11 a. m.. '
For SEATTLE and PORTS IN SOUTHEAST-
ALASKA.
The PACIFIC COAST STEAMSHIP CO. 1 S
"QUEEN"
HOTEL FRANCISCO— Elegant suites; single;
transient; baths. Mrs. King, Turk and Taylor.
HYDE, 2S9— Lovely large corner suites and
single rooms; private bath.
KEARXY, 34, . and 47 Post— Sunny furnished
rooms and offices; rent reasonable. ' •
From New. York Every "Wednesday, 12 noon.
•Vaderland June 26 Friesland ...July 17
Kensington ..'. July 3 Pennland July 2t
•Zeeland ........July 10 Southwark July 31
•Stop at Cherbourg, eastbound. < v
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO..
CHAS. D. TAYLOR.
General Agent Pacific Coast, 30 Montgomery st.'
RED STAR LINE.
New York and Antwerp.
• Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York Every Wednesday, 10 a. m.
St. Louis ..:... June 26iSt. Paul ......August 7
St. Paul July 19 St. Louis ....August 14
St Louis July 17jPhlladelphia,. August 21
AMERICAN LINE.
!IEW YOHK. SOUTHiMPrOJT. 10SC0N. PABT3.
M'CLELLAND. 200 Turk st. — Sunny furnished
circle and double rooms: also transient.
METROPOLE, 6 Turk. cor. Market— Elegantly
. furnished sunny rooms; 60c to 13 per day.
MOST delightful furnished apartments in San
Francisco: new six-story stone building; elec-
tric elevator; every convenience. Hotel Gray-
stone. 66 Geary Bt. ; steam heated.
O'FARRELL, 20— Sunny furnished rooms and
offices: elevator; elec. lights: day, week, mo.
POLK. 1529 — Lanrest, sunniest room for the
money in the city; private.
COMPAGNIE GENEKALE TRANS ATLANTIQUE
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS,
Sailing every Thursday, instead of •£fffiXa
Saturday, at 10 a.' m., from pier 42. ~ t«-*---=*
North ' River, foot of Morton street; 'La Bre-
tagne,' June J7; La Champagne, July 4; La
Gascogne, July 11: *La Lorraine, July 13.
First class to Havre. $55 and upward. Second
class to Havre, *45 and upward. GENERAL
AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES and CAN-
ADA 32 Broadway (Hudson bulldinjr), . New
York* J. F..;FUGAZI & CO., Pacific Coast
Agents, 6 Montgomery avenue. I San Francisco.
Tickets sold by air Railroad Ticket Agents.
•Twin Screw Express Steamers.
POST. 636— Single frcnt rooms, large parlor;
grate, running watei, bath: board.
ROSEDALE House, 319-321 Ellis st. — Rooms
night, 25c to $1; week. II 25 to $4: open night.
ROYAL House, 126 Ellis— Incandescent light;
reading-room, smoking-room and ladles' par-
lor; rooms, per nlirht, 35c to fl 50; week, $2 to
$8; month. 18 to $30: elevator on ground floor;
rooms with hot and cold water; baths. ' • •
SHERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth St..
near Market— Furnished or unfurnished.
Cabin,l|»105; Steerage," $4O.
S. S. Argyll sails Fril-iv. tlune 58
S. S. Lee'anaw «nits Moniiy,' ) July ' '5
S. JS.. Argyll. ' .p-'i. M-.*Ht-., Aiift. 12
I From Sea "Wall (Section 1) at 2 p. m. ' •
- Freight and passenger office. -330 Market st.
F. F. CONNOR, Pacific Coast Agent.- .
PANAMA R, R, S
TO NEW YORK VIA PANAMA DIRECT.
STOCKTON, 332— The Ottlngton— Few choice
suites and several small rooms: cheap.
STEVENSON. 409 — Sunny furnished rooms: sin-
gle or en suite; from $1 upward.
THE Crocker, 915 Leavenworth — Fine i sunny
rooms, single and en suite; beautiful grounds.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
eubscrintions has been established at 1096
Valencia Ft.
HOOMS AMI liOAUD.
AN exceptional table: pleasant rooms: good
service; popular rates. 807 California st.
MINNA. 667, corner Eighth— Newly furnished
bay-window room; $1 per week; transient.
MARTINET, 1101 Geary — Elegant suites, newly
furnished: private: bath; single rooms $10 up.
MARKET. 1015 (New Arlington)— Nicely fur-
nished rooms $2 a week up; 35c a day up.
MINNA. 454 — Three or four furnished rooms
. for housekeeping; lower floor; separate en-
trance.
Twin-Screw/ Po*^-jn^?r -iervics.
! PLYMOUTH— CHERBOURG— HAMBURG.
Pennsylvania ..June 29| 'Phoenicia ...... July 13
Pretoria ........July 6lPatric!a .: July 20
1 'Sails to Hamburg direct. . ¦ ¦ .
Hamburq-Amerlcan Llna. ,37 ti'way. N. Y.
HERZOG & CO... General Agents for Pacific
Coast, -101 California Bt.' ' ;•' ; •. • ;
HAMBURG-AMERICAN LINE.
"Twin-Screw Express Service- "
.PLYMOUTH— CHERBOURG— HAMBURG.' .
Columbia .„'.... June 27 1 Deutschlaiid ....July 11
F. Bismarck."... .July .41 Columbia ...:.. .July 25
THE Roanoke. S08 Bus>h — NtW house; newly
furnished; suites with bath: perfect Illumina-
tion: private dining apartment; elevator ser-
vice; cars to all parts of city within stone's
throw of door.'
BERTLING, 736 Bush— Elegant sunny suites:
also single rooms; billiards for amusement of
guests: superior table; terms reasonable.
PINE. 1222 (old Ralston home)— Elegantly fur-
nished sunny rooms, en suite and single,
with ¦ board. | . ,
PINE. 1006 (The Victor)— New management;
thoroughly renov.; sunny suites, with -board.
£ jPHTSIOGXOMY.
, SCIENTIFIC delineation of character by face
or photo. Mary O. Stanton, 810 Leavenworth*
verbal read'g. $1; printed chart. 12 50; lessons.
PERSONALS.
A— IF your hair is falling or you are bald, call
on DR. G. S. MOORE. 4SS Geary st. and you
ttUI not be disappointed; this remedy is posi-
tively guaranteed: preparation sent to all
parts of the world; call or send for circular.
KOTICE is hereby given 'that the co-partner-
ehlp heretofore existing between Buckley &
Attridge, 2! Ninth t?t.. is dissolved by mutual
consent. J. EUCKLEY. A. ATTRIDGE.
ELECTRIC light In every room— Winchester
hotel. -44 Third St.. near Market; 700 rooms-
Toe. toll BO per nipM; fl 50 to $6 per week;
rree pus and baggage to and from the ferry.
J1 «s Vr^ EK «?~ Suits t0 order trom genuine
Scotch. Jl» Tjp; fine drees buIUs, J20 up* ele-
xfc nt v°» VerCO t ts - $15 up - LEON LEMOS. 1117
Market et.. between Seventh and Eighth.
WHITE enamel iron beds, single, three-quarter
££. dO , U , b n le ;^?^ S " EASTERN OUTFITTING
CO.. 1310-1312 Stockton et.. near Broadway.
G E?T LEMAN of <3 desires correspondence
with young lady or widow; object matrl-
meny. Address box 25S3. Call office.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles destroyed with
electric needle. MISS EATON. 1119 Sutter St.
MOLES, warts and corns guaranteed taken out
wlthoat pain. 24 Fifth et.. room 19.
PATRICK BURKE. mlsMn*. will please call
or address MRS. CARBERRY. 234 Shipley fit.
COMPETENT lady musician desires few more
select patrons. Address lex S6S5, Call of 3c-.
Lad , i S S 'T al l1, pents ' ca! * t -o ff clothing bought and
.sola. J. Silvennan. 981 Folsom ;tel.Folsom 1191.
L i D l?JT. «U nr FUlts made t0 ° rder . reasonable.
¦ S. KRAMER. Ladles' Tailor. 220 Powell st.
T » T 1 , L £ R ~ ma . de 6alta - * 7 5 °: dros pants. J2 CO.
Mlt-fit Clothing Parlor, ccr.' Bush and Dupont.
Dn 1 ** "* v>Ich - - m Bush; hours 2 to 3. ex-
cept Th. and gat.: electrolysis; 17 years' exper.
CL.D irold. Fllver. diamonds end precious stones
bought. J. R. JEN'KEIU. 817 Market St.
ALFREDUMS Egyptian Henna: restores gray
hair to its natural color: $1; at all druggists.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wlps*
cotqntry orders. GOLDSTEIN' & CO.. 733 Mkt.
DR. LAMOTTE'S French Corn Paint, the best
corn cure; SSc; all druggists.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call
.« twrw. In wr«r>Tx*r. for mailing, tl t»r year.
J'nySICIAXS AXD SURGEONS.
D J^ C * C-'o^XNELL-Ornee and residence
ion Market rt.. between Sixth and Seventh)
DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor, successfully
treats all diseases of the human body see
testimonials at office. 115-117 Mason, nr. Ellis.
PILES.
NEARLY 1000 permanenT cures here In your
mliJst: many who have suffered 20 to 30 years*
evrr fifty names of prominent business men
tent as reference: no chloroform, surgery or
delay from business, and no salves for sale
Particulars address Physician, box 1S50. Call
f>ft r+. S. F.. Cal.
1XEAL ESTATE CITV FOR SALE.
A. E. BUCKINGHAM.... Real" EstTte
26 Montgomery st Room 11.
tl8.000— T5 ft. on Mission st and lmpts for
factory: rents Jill; bargain.
J1SS0— Stylish n*?w fiats, 4 and 5 rooms*
•very room sunny; rents $40; on Twenty-
tfcirc! st.
f *?70ft— House. 8 rooms, bath. etc. : sunny lot
SCx9?:4 feet; near Sixteenth and Mission; Sultl
abe for 3 flats; splendid bargain.
112.5^0— Stylish new flats; Hayes st.; fine lo-
cation; rents J115.
PARK LOTS-toOO AND UPWARD
JSS Lets-— Sucset Heights— Lots JS55.
Cm installments; Eleventh ave.. between H
and I Fts.. near entrance Park music stand;
cars ps.*>s property.
tvm Houses— Easy terms— Houses, $3250; on
Bhov» block. 6 and 7 rooms, bath, etc.; plans
at office.
A. E. BUCKINGHAM. 26 Montgomery St..
room 11 ; branch office. Sunset. 1215 Ninth ave.
J<5? ONLY!— Large cheap lot. 59x140; 2 blocks
frt>m .cars;, will keep family with chickens
ani cow: sure to Improve in value: grand
v»«»w. CHAS. WILLMOTT. 916 Market St.
ICEW modern houses, 6 rooms, bath; on Mont-
gomery ave.. near Leavenworth st. ; $2300. In-
stallments $15 monthly: take Hyde-st. car.
$20.000— FINE business property: fiats and
stores: make an offer. Owner, box 3510. CalL
ZZMG — 5-ItOOM cottagre: latest Improvements.
Apply 310 Jersey st.. near Noe.
FOP. sale— New cottage 4 rooms, bath, large
basement, near Union st. 3C22 Pierce tst-
IF" you have lots to *=ell north of the Park.
then call on W. J. CTTXV. E30 California St.
REAL. ESTATE — COUNTRY — For Sale
lHi-ACRE home property: ehort walk from
railroad depot: Alameda County: Vn a perfect
climate: house, barn, etc.; fruits and vines;
beautiful surroundings: Al neighborhood: fine
scenery: running water in front of the place:
price reduced to f2000. H. H. CRANE, 508
California et. ¦
CHEAP little home close to depot, in Alameda
County; fruits, flowers, nice cottage: well
furnished: all for $1350; terms $700 cash, bal-
ance long time; 6 per cent interest, H. H.
CRANE. 50S California gt- ¦
BARGAIN — 117 acres cood land: portion grow-
ing Furar beets: fronts on main county road,
adjoining town of rieasanton. Alameda Co.;
nurt be sold: bank price $45 per acre; might
tubdivice. H. H. CRANE. 508 California Et.
FINE stock farm of 620 acres near MarysvIIle:
4S0 acres wheat. 15 acres garden, berries and
fruits, balance summer fallowed; water right
200C inches of water poes with place; ditch
will cover several thousand acres: water
riitht alone is -worth price asked for place;
this must be eold to close an estate: price
$25 an acre. Address box 476, Marysville, Cal.
BELMONT home site for sale or exchange;
two blocks from R. R. station, on Ralstot
ave.. San Mateo County. Apply C. P. Gib-
bons. 2C9 Sansorne et.. bet. 2 and 4 p. m.
BUY In Napa County; no droughts, no irriga-
tion, no failure of crops: write us for free
copy "Nara County Vltlculturist." The W.
A. MACKINDER CO.. St. Helena. Cal.
POULTRY and dairy ranches for sale; write for
free list. C. R. WINFIELD. Petaluma. Cal.
REAL. ESTATE TO EXCHANGE.
ONE lmrroved property Jn Oakland - and one
unimproved In Berkeley; no incumbrance;
value iZo>Y) each: exchange for San Fran-
cisco Improved cr unimproved property: will
afftime mortgatre. A. S. PARE, 420 Mont-
fo*n«7, room 20.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
AHMEDX REAL ESTATE.
flSOO— A BARGAIN; house 8 rooms, bath,
chicken-house and garden; lot 25x108: near
station broad gauge. Address Owner, box
3678. Call office.
ALAMEDA COTTAGES SALE.
FOR sale — Modern -cottage. € rooms; bath; lot
COxISO. ISIS Mozart st.. Alameda. Mastlck stn.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL. ESTATE.
STOP paying rent; be your own landlord; 3-
rootn cottage; lot 45x100; 2 blocks from sta-
tion electric cars, store, school and church;
pri:* JTiC; $100 cash, balance $10 monthly.
, Snap— E-room .cottage In prime condition;
* lot 40x100; 2 blocks from etation; price $1400;
J100 ca*h. balance $15 monthly.
Neat cottage of 5 rooms and bath, stable,
chicken houees; large lot; close to station;
price 11100; $100 cash, balance $12 60 monthly.
New modern 2-story house of 6 rooms and
bath- lot 40xlC0; good location; near station;
price 11600; $200 down, balance $18 20 per
month* take Berkeley train, get off at Lorln
etation office west side of railroad track. .
oTen Sundays. RUDOLPH. PERKINS &
LYON.
12000— New C-room cottage; fine mantel and side-
board porcelain bath, tiled sink, stationary
tubs 'tinted walls, gas fixtures, water and
tame all connected; one block to station an<l
electric cars: 5100 cash, balance $20 i«=r
mcr.th; less than rent. W. C. MORAN & CO.
$170t»— Good as new; lot 45x120: one block to
train- SZM cash. bal. *20 per month; a snap;
owner going away. W. C. MORAN & CO.
14000— New 11-room house on finest street in
Berkeley; two blocks to U. C. grounds; all
piped for furnace; $300 cash, bal. $40 per
month- will rent any day for $4* per month.
W. C MORAN & CO..
Lorin Etation and Schmidt Block.
Berkeley, Cal. .
ALMOST taew 6-room cottage, fine mantel,
finished basement: 50-foot lot: street work
all done; % block to railroad depot and
«-lectrtc cars; a genuine bargain: price $1500;
$500 cash, balance like easy rent. J. R.
PERKINS {formerly Oellertcb & Perkins),'
Lorin station. Berkeley. * -¦ •
NEW S-room cottage; modern; bath, pantry,
etc; t-treet work all done; close to station
and electric car, line, school, stores and
churches: price only $1250; $50 cash, balance
.«15 monthly. .JR. PERKINS. Lcria sta-
K7"The funeral will take place this day
(Tuesday), at 11 o'clock, from . the residence
BERGH— In this city. June 17, 190L Annie, be-
loved daughter of Anton arid Lena Bergh, a
native of San Francisco, aged . 4 days.
BREITSCH— In Marysville, June 17, 1901
Jacob, beloved husband of the late Barbara
BreltBch, and father of Mrs. C. Clas, Mrs.
. W. Lagemann, Mrs. G. Schulz, Mrs. J. Bruns
and Mrs. H. Alhf, a native of Arzhelm, Ger-
many, aged 70 years 10 months and 28 days.
BRITTEN— In Beaumont, .Texas, June 16, ' 1901..
George Britten, b«loved eon of Charles and
Kva Peach, and brother of Fred Britten and
Mrs. H. Goldsmith, a native of San Fran-
' clsco, aged 22 years and 10 months.
CAGNACCI— In the City and County Hospital,
June 17, 1901, Nicholas Cagnacci, a native of
Italy, ased 43 years. ' '
CAMPBELL— In Stanislaus County, Cal., June
16, 1901, Phillip Campbell, son of Josephine
and- the . late Phillip Campbell, and brother
--. of Irene and Laura Campbell, a native of
San Francisco.
CARREL— In this'- city, June 17. 1901. George
A., beloved son of George T. and Mary Car-
rel, a native of San Francisco, aged 13 years
1* month and 10 days. ' -. ¦
" -DIED. -
Bergh, Annie Lcng, John
Brcltsch, Jacob McCurrie, John P.
Britten, Georee Mahoney. Hannah
Caenaccl. Nicholas Mai>terson,~ Margaret
Campbell. Phillip ' Moorman, Francia
Carrel. Georjre A. k Morris, J.' J.-
Chester, Ruth M. ' Walter R.
Dawson, Stanley S. Rppp,' Margarethe ¦
Dibble, Htnry «. Rosenthal. Simeon *
Dunbar, AVillis Schottman. Bertha
Galvin, Peter F. Sheehan. Michael J.
Gaichell, Elmira - Soderlund, John
Guider, Mrs. Wells, Annie M.
Jennings, Edward J. Young, Qeorge A.
Lilley. Daniel E.
SS. ¦ SONOMA (via Honolulu) for Samoa.
New ¦ Zealand ' and Australia. .......... ;
.._• Thursday. June 20. 10 a. m.
SS. AUSTRALIA, for Tahiti.............
: •" ¦'..¦;....'...¦.¦...'•'. Wednesday. ' June 26, 10 a. m.
ES. 2EALANDI A (Honolulu only).......... . j
'............:.....'•.. .Saturday. June 29.. 2 p. m.
J. D.SPRECKELS & BROS. CO , Gsneral Agents. 327 Karkst St
Qen'l Passenger Offics, 643 Market St., risr lo. 7. Pacific St
Ai»A2inl>> C C Ptk HAW *». SAMOA, NEW
oceanic s^xo. st^s
[Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
v« • Steamers .' leave Broadway
V^ '. . ¦ " Wharf.. San Francisco: ..C
|^^_^^ For Alaskan ports — 11 a. rrj..
' tS^Hfik. . ;¦ June 5. ia, 15. :o, 25,, 30. July
:: IWtCS'^hv •>• CMnse ¦ to company 1 *
'•¦ xteamera at Seattle.
!i B^S^|\A3 For Victoria. Vane juver (B.
IN 18BK7>*W? C.)» Port Townsend. Seattle.
/** Ss *8iP^5g3\ Tacorra. Kverett. Anacor'J
I and New Whateom t\Va*h.J—
. ¦•' "^ U a. m.. June B, 10. 15. M. 25, W.
July S, and every fifth day thereafter. \ Chang*
at Seattle for this • company's steamers for
Alaska and Q. N. Ry.: at Seattle or, Taeoma
lor N P Ry ; at Vancouver to C. Jr. Ky. ~~
P'or Eureka and HumboVdt Bay— 1:30 P^m..
June 2. 7. 11, 16. 21. 26, July. 1.- and every fifth
'day thereafter. ¦' - '•" •- • ¦ ¦ ¦- '_
•Fnr San Diego, stopping only at Santa Bar-
-bara. Port Los Ansreles. and Redondo (Los An--
|. Reles)— Steamer Queen. "Wednesdays, 9 a- m ;
L steamer Santa Rosa. Sundays, 9 a. m.
For Los Anteles. calling at Santa .-ru*.
Monterey. San Simeon. Cayucos, Port H-irford
ff?an Luis Oblsno). Gavlota. Santa Barbara.
Ventura. Hueneme. San Pedro. East San Fe-
«fro. •Newport (*Corona only)— Steamer Corona.
Saturdays, 9 a. m. ; steamer Bonita. Tuesdays.
For n knsenafla. Magdalcna Bey. Pan Jo« del
Cabc. Mazatlan. Altata. 1*. Paz. Santa Ro«a-
lia and Guaymas (Mex.)— 10 a. na., 7th each
month. '
For further information ' obtain company's
folders. • .. • '
The comrany reserves tfc* right to chang*
fteamors. pallint: date« and hours of sailing
without v>rtrrlou" notice. . . ¦ .
TiTCJCRT OT^TflCE-^ New MonttEomery
street rpalace Hot<-1). *
GOODALL. PERKINS ft CO.. Gen. A.-rents.
- 10 Mark«*t wt.. San Francl-Hro.
.Q.fl.A'IV.CO.
Only Steamship Ijin«» *o
PORTLAND, Or.,
And Short Rail Line from Portland to fill
rcints East. Through *l3kot» to att
pclnts. pH i*f\1 •>*« «te»msiHi'-» nnrl r>a31, at
LOWEST Xt^V-TISS.
STEAMER TICKETS INCLUDS B2STH »ni M2AL3.
SS. COLUMBIA ..'.. '
...Sails June 22. July 3, 12. 22. August 1
SS. GEO.-. W. ELDER 1
....Sails June 17. 27. July 7. 17. 27. August *
D.W.HITCHCOCK. Gen.Agt..l Montgrom'y.S.F.
TOYO KM KAISBA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner-. First and Brannan streets, at 1 p. m..
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG. calUng at
Kobe (Hlogo). Nagasaki and Shanghai and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for
India, etc. -No cargo received on board. on
day of Balllnp. .. ¦¦ • .->-..
es. .HONGKONG MAKTJ.Satnr»iay.~Jnn« 32. l<»01
KS. NIPPON MARU.. .Wednesday, July 17. 19J1
,£S. AMERICA MARU.. Saturday.. Aug. 10, ISO!
'Round trip tickets at reduced rates.' For
freight and passage apply at company's office.
: 421 Market ' street, corner First.
W. n. AVERT. General A teen t.
BAY AND RIVER STEAMERS.
FOR U. S. NAVY YARD AND YALLEJ3.
Steamers GEN. FRISBIE or MONTICELLO
9:45 a. m.. 3:13 and S:30 p. m.. except Sun-
day. Sunday. 9:45 a. m.. S:30 p. m. Leave*
Vallejo 7 a. m., 11:30 noon. 6 p. m.. except
; Sunday. Sunday. 7 a. m:. 4:15 p. m. Fare 60
cents. Telephone Main 1508. Landing and of-
flce. pier 2. Mlsslnn-st. dock. HATCH URO3
. HAILWAY TBAVEL.
Santa Fe Trains
Leave Market-street Perry Depot.- " '
5 I Local I Llm'dlOvrl'dl Local
I Dally t * I Dally 1 Dally
Lv. San Fran 7:20 a 9:00 a 8:00 p 4:20 p
Ar. Stockton.. 10:18 a 11:45 a 11:10 p 7:18 p
" Merced .. 12:22 p 1:17 p 1:19 a 9:11 p
•• Fresno... 2:05 p 2:33 p 3:03 a 10:50 p
". Hanford . S:12 p 3:27 p 7:06 a
V Vlxalia... 3:40 p 4:48 a
" Bakersfld 6:15 p 5:20 p -7:30 a
•*-Kans. C'y 2:'.»a 7:30a ........
" Chicago 2:15p $:00 p
a fnr mornln*. p for afternoon.
•"••CO a m, train Is the California Lim-
ited leavInK Monday and Thursday only,
carrying Palace Sleeping Cars and Dining
Cars through to Chicago. Chair Car runs
to Bakersfield for accommodation of local
first-class . passengers. No second-class
tlcVets honored on this train. Correspond-
ing train arrives at 5:55 p. m. Tuesday and
F 4**0 7 D. m. Is Stockton and Fresno lojcaU
Correspondins train arrives at 12:30 n, m.
8-C0" i>. "w. is the Overland Express, -with
through Palace, and Tourist . Sleepers and
Free Recllnlns: Chair Cars to Chicago:
-also Palace Sleeper, which cuts out at
¦Fresno. \ Corresponding train arrives. at 5:55
• 7*90* a ' m. I" Bnkersfleld Lo«»l. stoprtntr
at til points In San Joaquin . Valley. - Cor-
responding tm'narriyes at 8:40 <u m. daily.
ofncP «_«41 Market rtreet-and In Ferry
Depot. San Francisco: 1112 Broadway. Oak-
'i>ro<. --'•- :¦-¦ \"'' ''"" "¦ ','•":'.''
HORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
, ¦ " ¦¦' V ',' Via Sausallto Ferry. . :
' ' ¦'•. - : Commencing April 2S,. 1901. -"'.
FF.OM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLET
. AND SAN RAFAEL. ' :.-'
' -..-WEEK ' DAYSS-6:55.-- 8:30, *9:30. 11:00 a. m..
12:45 *1:45 ¦ 3:15, 4:15.. 5:15. *6:15,. 8:45 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and Sin
Rafael on Mondays. Wednesdays, Saturdays
and Sundays at 9:30 and 11:40 p. m. f •';
SUNDAYS— 7:00, 8:00, ?9:00,- •10:00. 11:00. 11:30
a. m.. 12:45. *l:30. -2:30. ' ?3:43. 5:00. 6:00. 7:30
p. m.. 11 :00 a. m. does not . run to San Rafael
Sundays. . : '
Trains marked (•) run- to San Quentin.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
, WEEK DAYS-'o:25, S:27. 7:47. 8:35. .10:13
a., m.. »12:^, 1:15. 2:20. *3:35. 4:40. 5:30 p. m.
- EXTRA TRIPS " on Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays at- 6:43 and 10:00 p. m.
SUNDAYS-r6:15. •8:00.-9:43, 'll:©© a. m.,- »13
m.. 1:00, 2:15. M:**. 4:30. '5:43. t.io, 7:30. 10:10
p m.' • ' ' ' ¦ ' ' i ' • ¦ .
Trains marked (•) start from San Quentin.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
' WEEK DAYS— 6:45. 6:45. 7:53. 8:55. • 10:30
a m.. 12:35. 1:45. 2:45, 3:50, 5:10. 5:20 p. m.' -
'EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, . Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 6:35. 8:00. 10:05, 11:10 a. m.; 12:13.
1:20. 2:3C, 3:45. 5:00. 6:15. 7:15. 10:30 p. m.
.. ... THROUGH TRAINS.
6:55 a. m. week days— Cazadero and way sta-
tions. • ¦ k • ' ' : •' "
' 3:15 p.-m- Saturdays— Caaadero and way sta-
tions. # : • •• ..
5:15 p. m. week days (Saturdays <ezcepted)—
Tomales and way stations. ¦ -
8 a. m.. Sundays— Cazadero and way stations.
- 10:00 a.' m. Sundays-»Polnt l Reyes and way
I stations. • ' . ¦ . - ¦ ¦ -- -,
MOUNT TAMALPA1S RAILWAY
. V'. i Vl» a«ai%Uto Ferrj — Foot of Markat St,
1ST£'f— • WEEK days ":m W£$
' 8^)0 a. II. V- - . - :~j. V. f 12:15 p. M.
9^j0a.m.( ¦.'.-. -¦-.; . 1:14 P.M.
1*30 p.m. -, ' 5-ao r.u.
23UP.M.J [ 7:10p.m.
~---Vi *. run, S»b rr»n«l»o» t» 8-raiTBlt «n<f IHtirn. %\M -
Ticket OfiBces. 621 Market St.. ASausalUo Kerry. ,
SOUTHERN PACIFIC.
Train* !»••** r iiml urr <Im<* lu nrrlt* hi
MAN FKAMd.HCO.
(MalnUne. FcXiDof MxrketStreel) '
leatk — ' From Juse 1G, 1301. — Axn.iv>
7*»Oa. Bemcia.- Suisuit, Elmira. Vic%TiUe,. . ."'
- KuiD3ey *i«l .-i*cr<kiu-'Uto ' 6:31r
> ~ :S« a Mar tine*, San Kamon, Vallejo. H*r*. '
i;all8tigH.amiH»nt» UoM •""- «:33|»
8:Ot» a Da-rU. Woodland. ' Knig&ta Landln j. V -
MarysTille. urovillrt.. 0 7:3?r
8««O* Atlantic K«press— OgJen and Kaat 13:*.»l»
ftKMU. >*iles, Lttarop. Stockton " 7 :3>v
a :<»O a Nile* Meudota. Haof ord, Visill*. - -
PoftenUla. 4:33p
S:3K# a ShiMta Express— Lhitia, Williams (for
Jtartlett Springs), Willows. HeU
Bluff. Portland... 7.3»r
»*3(l a Salt June, Lifermore, Htoektnn,
- lone. Maeraineuto. TlacervlttA, * .'•-•"•
Morygvllln. (Jblc<i. ¦-«'¦ •*•"* 4.23|>
8<3Oa OakOalr, Chinese (.Yonnnise). So-
• - nora. Carter* V.V..; ;. .....-' *»«•»•»
»:O«* HajWHid. Niiei aud Vtuy Station*.. ¦ » •**\.
9:«(>A Vslltjo... 12*25?
U:IM»a Los Aneeles Express — Martlnes.
Tracy, Latlirop. •Siouktou. Mereaa
Fresno »ml Los Angales 7tS3r.
i>:-.H»» Viill.J.1. Ma.rti.mz >mt W»y SteUotia 7t**>»r
I «:«M»ATh»*O»erUMd Limited— Ogdei>, Den- -
W, Omaha, Chlcagu ? G:»3*
tl:O«i» SiM'-aiiiKMt.o l!l»er.Si.e»iii«r<i t.VO-'V
.*:.JUF Maywitri}. Nilrs ami Way HUtlDn*.. ?:33p
"4i««r is-iiicU, Winters. Haomuneiito,
WumllHixl. KuiuhU lauding. ' .
M*ry«»llle, Orotilla 1»:S3a
4t<M»r MarkhiOT. Han Itamoit. Vallejp,
¦ - Nap*. UalMoKK.. HmnU Uooa •»•-*•¦»*
4 jOOp Nils*. LiTermore. Stocktjn, Lo<H... 12.a3p
-i<:iiirH«yw4rd. Nile*, Man. low, licensore t 1 *'"^*
4 :S«p yon Ooa a. Tiacy. Lathropt Stockton 1 •»i3».'»a
3:«tor Tlio Owl IJinitwI— h'it>a>M>. TuUre,
itakerKtiwlil, Haugtis for Bant* Bar-
bara, to* Amkk1«S ' 8:33 \
5:00? Martin z, Antioch, Stockton, Mer-
ced, Fraano 1».S*3*
3s»»p Toaeniit* I*ta3»
. Ss3Op New Orleans Exptwn — Mendota, , . •
Frenno. Baktntieid, Loe Angeles.
D mtog. El 1*mo, New Orie*M . .
»nd East 7l35*
SsOUp flay ward. Niton au<l San Joia 7i93*
18-.OUi- V»llej» 1 Ii23\
U:O»r Oriental Mail— Ogilen. Ciieyenn*.
* Omaha. ChlciZ'j... I3»33p
• •©Op Oriental .Mall-Oj>leo, Denter.
81 Loin*. Cliic-Mtu <«*4r
7:OOrOrt*i;miauj California Kx|>rtim,Hao-
raiiiRHtii. M»rj»«lil». ltmKlt»K.
»-,»tl«...». l>HK»t MbihhI »ib> Kt»t ' SiSSA
Saa.*ir San Pablo. Port l.'ontm, Martiaez
' siuiWajokatlon*.... 11i«3a
t«rO3p Va»H» 7iaap
COAST lil^E (J«*rroi« U-m K e).
' ' ( foot «»t ll.i rket Street.) '
. t7t*L3» Snat* tJruz Ex core on to .-taut* Citu
and Princ p»l Way Stations {Sid3r
SiISa Newark.t.Vntfrvlllf, San .lotw, Pulton,
.¦ , • BfiiiUlerCri'ek..SaiaaUriizaml\Vay :¦
¦-'-¦ ¦ UUtk>u» a.5»p
fJtl.tr Newmh, <;aiiteiTlll», 8a.» .Ii.se, Hwr .'
AlumJxu, Wltou. llouMur tWk,
SaiUa Cnu ami Principal Waf
-8t»lious.« l»tn»A
- ' 4il3p Newark. San .lone. IxwCUtoa ....... f«--».»%
e t»iapGlenwoo«lBouldeTCTeet,8aiitaCr-i» «W«3»a
: CREEK ROUTE FERRY." "
Proa SIS 'aiJCISCO— Foot of Mirk tt Street (Slip 8)—
Uil» a9:«*T-Jl«UA.ji.. 1:00 3:30- %\\A*M.
fr»aOHU»B— r»«l •fBra-.i-.-.j.— trt;00 UM t8:0S
10:0O«.t». 12:00, 2:03 t:Q3r.u. .__
' COAST LINE <U"m<f «ia»(r*>).
."•-"QhirJiuidrowiigettttSta.)
«jl»* tjaa Jcweiud Way nutions....^.... «:H<»p
17:«OA Man .!,«. him* Vf*y Swtl.,11* laailp
/7t«»A New AUimmIbh.. ..;. /-Jiltfp
J1:;i»A Sunday Kiciirsion fox Man Ji«e,
Hant* I'm. r«ettto diofe and.
Fiiceipal Way Sutioax.....: J*l:SOp
8'OOaSUii Jim», Trerl 1'iuiw. Hniitu, Criw,
* Tueirie t{rt»e, *>aliu is Man Luii ' '
Obiapo. Santa Barbar* ami Pxiu-
cnnt.1 intermedUte Hl»»i.ma 7i3np
IAiSOa San J< se and WayaUiioite -t»l«p
I Ii.IOa Han .Iohb ami Way .SUl.ii.11* 3t3t*p
ia-.l5p flan Matni. Keilwool. Menlo Park,
Palu Alto. SauU Clara. Han . !.•*«. ' '"
Tres Plaos. HhuU t,*riix, Saliuaa. . .
— Mmil«el »ihI r»cilic <irn»B (H»:4.">»
XiMrSunJuMuiil Way Ht»-!«ri» ........ «::«»*
f4:l »r SairJoseaiKl Principal Way Stations »*43a
t3:«0i>San Joao, I/o« Oatoa and Principal
Way Stations 1»!»O»
.•>•-• l»r Saii.Iiwx an>l Principal Way Stations - M:3Sa
OiOVp Radwo -d, San Josn. Gllmy. Halhiaa,
8a»ta Bulwri, Ixm Ac(j?lea 1O:««a
6:00p Del Monte, Alouterey, Pacific Grore,
- - jUuupoo. 1<»;OOa
<t::inpSa'i .}¦>¦-; ami Way SUtions t"" 1 "*
3ll:-*3p Sail Josoitml Way Htntlona, ».,..:... 7:^Op
. ¦ A for Moruiiig ... . V lot Afteruoou. .
t HniKtay excnpted. S 5-nn<»»» OQ'.y. !
a Saturday only. . tMondiy. . . . .-.<
e 8»nird%y tn t Snnday. / Tqegd^y^ »nd Fridays.
CALIFORBIl RORTHWESTERI RI. CO.
LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO AND KQBTH PACIFIC
PAILWAY COMPANY.
Ttburon Ferry. Foot of Market St»
San Francisco ta Sao Eala»I.
WEEK DAYS—T:30, »:0O. 11:00 a: ».: 12:33.
3:30, 5:10. 6:30 p. m. ThursMlaya— Brtra trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at l:aO
and 11:39 p. m. • . . . . •¦»•.-•
SUNDAYS-8:Q0. 9:30. U:C0 a. m.; 1.30, 8:30.
5:00. 6::0 p. m. - - . ,
San Rafael to San Francisco.
WEEK DATS-^-SiW. T:5O. 9:20. 11:10 a. m.; 13:43.
. 3:40, 5:15 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at !:*>
'. and 6:35 p. rn. . . '
SUNDAYS-8:10. 9:40. U:10 ». m.; 1:40.. 3:10.
5:05. t:25 p. m.
Leave T In Effecr 'I * 'Anlw •
San Francisco. [April 23. 1901. [ San Francisco.
Week I Sun- I " ' A Bun- j.Weei
Days. [ daym. [ Destination. ( days. | Days.
7:30 am 8:00 atn Novatq. 110:40 am $: 40 am
3:30 pm 9:30 am Petaluma. 6:03 pm 10:25 am
5:10 pm 5:00 pm Santa Rosa. 7:35 pm »:20 pea
. FuJtoa, t ....
7:30 am .Windsor. . 10:^ am
- - 5:00 pm Healdsburs. 10:40 am
. -»- ' Lytton. . ...' , '¦:', ¦•>•
Oeyserville.
3:30 pm 8:00 am Cloverdale. 7:33 pm 6:10 pm
7:30 ami 5:00 pml Hopland |10:4O am 1 10:25 am
"3:30 pm[ 8:C0aml and •Uklah. | .7:35 pm f 6:20 pm
7:30 am . 10:40 am!10:25 am
' . 8:00 am Guerneville. 7:35 pm
3:30pm 5:00pm . ' ' ;|.e:20pm
7:30 am 8:00 am Sonoma 9:15 ami S:« am
¦ - • -, -¦ ' and ¦
- 8:10 pin 5:00 pm Glen Ellen. 6:63 pml 8:3) pra
7:30 ami 8:00 ami 110:40 amjlOi^S am
3:30 pm[ 5:00 pm| SebastopoL I 7:33 pm| 6:20 pm
Stages connect "at Santa Rosa for Mark .West
Springs and -White Sulphur Springs: aUFulton
for Altruria; at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at
Geyserville for Skaggs Springs; at Cloverdale
for the Geysers; at Hopland for Duncan
Springs. Highland Spring's. Kelseyville. Carls-
bad Springs. Soda Bay. Lakeport and' Bartlett
Springs; at Ukiah for Vichy. Springs. Saratoga
Springs.: Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake. Witter
Springs, Upper Lake, Pomo. Potter Valley.
John Day's, Riverside; Lierley's. Bucknell's.
Sanhedrin Heights, Hullville, Orr's /Hot
Springs. Mendocino City, Fort Bragg. West-
port. Usal. Wlllits,- Laytonville, Cummlas.
Bell's Springs, Harris, Olsen's, Dyer, SeotU
and Eureka. ¦>.*»¦,
Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at re-
duced rates. . --. -^ ¦ . '
On Sunday round trip tickets .to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Office. 650 Market street. Chronlcla
Building. , , . -..; ;
B. C. WHITING. - ' R. X. RYAN. >
Gen. Manager. Gen. Pasa. Agt.
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
629 KEAnST ST. Established
in 1834 for the treatment of Private
DwaMM. Uwt MatiiKHjiL Dfbnity or
liNMuif wearing on hody anrt mlmi awt
Skin Diaenses. The Doctor cures when
others fail. Try him. Charges low.
<«rr«cu»raiiteeU. Cullorwrlt*
Dr. J. JV. 6IBBO3I. San Francisco. Cat
Weekly Call> $1 per Year
THE HEATH. S12 Eddy— Nicely furnished sunny
front rooms, en suite, eingle; excellent cuisine.
ALMORA Hotel. Twentieth and Mission— Ele-
gantly furnished suites or single, with board.
HOTEL Reoeller. 781 Sutter— Newly furn.;
excellent table: special rates to tourists.
HOTEL Las Palmas. 1S20 Market— Suites. 2 or
3 room*, bath, connecting: board optional.
(Successor to Flannagan & Gallagher.* '
DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mgr.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMEttS
2V Fifth tit., opposite Lincoln School.
. Telephone South 80.
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.
ROOMS AND ' DO ARD WANTED.
Eugene McGinn. McGINN UKi
Funeral Directors and Embalmers,
31 EDDT STREET.
Telephone South 252. .. ,-¦¦, San -Francis
- No Connection With Any Other Hous«
• ' These steamers are built expressly . for Cen-
tral and South t American ' passenger .service.
(No ' change at • Acapulco . or Panama). • . Freight
and passenger office. 316 California street.
BALFOUR. GUTHRIE & CO., Gen. Agents.
PACIFIC STEAM NAVIGATION GO;
And CIA SUD AMERICANA DE VAPORES
To Valparaiso, stopping at - Mexican. Central
and South American ports. Sailing from How-
ard-street wharf No. 3, -12 m. ¦¦•>- ¦¦• -¦ • \
COLOMBIA ....June lSlAREQUIPA ....July —
TUCAPEL ...:. June 27| LIMARI .. -..*..;.. July —
BENNETT— JACKSON— In this city, June 13,
1901, by the Rev. James McDonald, James G.
Bennett and Katbryn E. Jackson.
HERTZOG-FROST-In this city, June 16,
1001, by the Rev. J. M. Buehler, Carl S.
Hertzcg and Margaret Frost.
HOWARD— PAINE— In this city, June 17, 1901,
by tho Rev. Dr. John A. B. Wilson, Patrick
Joteph Howard and Catherine Paine, both of
San Francisco. ' ' ,
KLEIS— DAVIDS— In this city, June 16, 1901,
by the Rev. F. A. -, Doane, Ralston Kleis and
Amy L. Davids, both of San Francisco.
REINKE— LAVARONE— In this city, June 16,
1901, by the Rev. J. M. Buehler, Frederick
Reinke and Julia Lavarone. .
EIMAS— MITCHELL— In this city, June 17
1301, .it the Occidental, by the Rev. Dr. John
A. B. Wilson, Emanuel Slmas of the Pre-
sidio and Helen Mitchell of Sutter Creek.
MARRIED.
LARKIN. S16A— Nicely furnished rooms, reason-
able urices: private house.'
MARKET. 7fi5-^-Nlca sunny bay-window suite
of rooms; $4 per week.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be Inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
. BORN.
BILL— In this city, May 16. 1901, to the wife
of E. W. Bill, a daughter.
BERGK— In this city, June 14. 19C1, to the
wife cf Antone Bergk, a daughter.
CIPRICO— In this city, June 17, 1301, to the
wife of Edmund S. Clprlco, a son. ¦ .
MANDERY— Ta this city, June 16. 1901, to the
wife of Fred Mandery. a daughter'.
MULLEN— In this city. June 15, 1901, to the
wife of William M. Mullen, a daughter. •
OPPERMAN— In this city, June 16. 1901, to
the wife of Joseph T. Opperman. a daughter.
GALT House. 1206 Market — Fur. rooms. Mr. &
Mrs. J. F. Sweeney, late of the Esmond House.
GOLDEN GATE ave., 730— Sunny double
front room; single room; $6; bath; private;
German.
HOTEL St. Denis (European plan), 24 Turk st.,
nr. Market— New building, elpgantly furn.;
just opened: strictly first class and up-to-date
in all appointments; Inspection invited; must
be seen to be appreciated: 75c day and up;
special rates by week cr month; references.
ROOMS TO LET — Fnrn. and Unfurn.
APARTMENTS en suite or sir^le; splendid ap-
pointment*?: telephone on every floor; furni-
ture, carpets new, latest designs; breakfast
• rooms top floor. Hotel Nouveau, 312 Stockton.
AHLBORN HOTEL, 221 Grant ave.— Best $1 a
day family hotel in city: polite attendance;
largre rooms. 50e up: meals 25c: free coach.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
1 The following marriage licenses were issued
yesterday:
Will S. Bernett, 25, 898 Eddy 'street, and
Martha D. Taaffe, 24. 515B Taylor street.
John A. Eason. 35, 795 O'Farrell street, and
Edith G. Beamer. 25. • Riverside.
Andrew J. Sowles, 32, Fresno, and Esther
Plnkerton, 30, Peoria, 111. * •
James J. McKenzie, 40, 502 Powell street,
and Florence E. Neale, 24, 787 Pine street.
Roderick Herold. 42. 1716 Bush street, and
Belle M. Clapp, 41. 1716 Bush street.
John Rose, 39, Grand Rapids, Mich., and Le
June Keppler, 30, Fir.dley, Ohio. . ¦ .
Joseph A. McGiffln, 31. 910 Pine street, and
Kate O'Brien, 20. 147 Highland avenue, •
Edward Johnson, 26. 14 Pearl street, and
Ellen V. Watson, 19, 257 Linden avenue.
Walter Cumminffs. 22, Portland. Or., and
Emma K. Hofius, 24, Portland, Or.
Alvln R. Clary, 30. ¦ 1012 Mason street, and
Annie J.. Beaton, 24, 436 Bartlett street.
Jchn I. Peterson, 24, 3320 Twenty-first street,
and Delia Mellander, 24, 2432 Howard street.
James A. Colleton, 23, 524 Bryant street, and
Frances E. Barry, 21, 707. Douglass "street.
John J. Smith, 29. 119 Third street, 'and
Geslna M. Fauser, 20, 121S Railroad avenue.
Gerald "E. Kelly, "25. * 526 Shrariex street.* Tand
Mary L. Gorman, 18, 245 Eighth street.
John W. Bennett. 22, 947 Golden Gate ave-
nue, and Agnes G. Richardson, 20, 1620 Hayes.
Gustave A. Fleissner, 21, "305 Sutter. street,
and Thomaslne V. Eva. 21. 369 Haight street.
WilHem J. Hayes. 32. 501 Twentieth street,
and Lizzie Byrne. 28, 764 O'Farrell street.
Harry G. E. Martin, 37, 4 Graham place, and
Mary A. F. Nason, 30, 21 Taylor street.
Arthur V. Callaghan, 29, city, and Edna B.
Vai Wyck, 19, city. "¦ - -¦*••".-
John H. Batten. 24, 603 Eddy street.' and
Miry Malaspir.a, 25, Murphys.
Frank France, 45, 711% Harrison street, and
Helen Attwood. 45. 711% Harrison street.
Ernest E. Thompson, 24, Sisson, Cal.; and
Ethel Savage, 23, 3292 Sacramento street.
Emanuel Slmas, 39, Presidio, and Helen
Mitchell. 27, Sutter Creek. . • ,
ADVERTISEMENT— Office of the Chief En-
gineer, Division of the Philippines, Manila,
P. I.. March 1. 1901— Sealed proposals . for
constructing a harbor at Manila, P. I., will
be received at this office until 11- o'clock a.
m., August 1, 1901, and then publicly opened.
Work to be done includes about 150,000 cubic
yards riprap, 21,000 cubic yards concrete and
rubble masonry In breakwaters, about 5.000,-
000 cubic yards of dredging and a pile bulk-
head 4700 feet long. Dredging in mud, sand
and shells to a depth of thirty feet. Dredged
materials to be used for reclaiming land.
Bids must be accompanied by a bond of one
hundred thousand dollars ($100,000) in gold.'
One contract will be made for the whole
work. Contractor's bond will be 10 per cent
of the amount bid. The right is reserved to
reject any or all bids. For specifications and
blank forms apply to this office. Bureau of
Insular AfTairs, Washington. D. C. ; Unite!
States Engineer Offices at New York, Chi-
cago and San Francisco. JOHN -BIDDLE,
Captain. Engineers. : <
'¦[C7' Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
- (Wednesday), at 10 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of her parents, 23 Montezuma street,
¦ between Shotwell street" -md Ccsc ' avenue.
"Interment Mount Olivet Cemetery, by car-
riage.
SHEEHAN— In this city. June 16, 190L Michael
J.. beloved son of Johanna and the late Wil-
liam Sheehan, aged 31 years 5 months and
16 days.
(n7"The funeral will take place this day
(Tuesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 4579 Eighteenth street, thence to the
Church of the Most Holy Redeemer. Hartford
street, between 'Eighteenth and Nineteenth.
¦ where „ a requiem high mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of his soul, commen-
cing at 9 o'clock. Interment private, Mount
Calvary Cemetery.
SODERLUND— In thia city, June 16, 1901, John
Soderlund, a native of Sweden.
WELLS— In this city, June 17, 1901, Annie
Marie, beloved wife of Arthur Wells, mother
of- Eva Wells, beloved daughter of Mrs. Otto
Rofcei tretter. and sister of Otto, Alice. Gro-
ver and Peter Rosentretter. a native of San
Francisco, aged ¦ 23 years 7 months and 2
days. - " •' ; . ¦ .
lETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 1 o'clock, from the parlors
of II. F. Suhr & Co., 1137 Mission street, be-
tween Seventh and Eighth. Interment I. O.
O. F. Cemetery.
YOUNG— In this city, June 17, 1901, George A.,
beloved husband of Martha R. Young, a na-
tive of England, aged , 80 years and 27 days.
: . [T'T" To-morrow (Wednesday) a requiem mass
will -be: celebrated for the repose of his soul
at St. Brigld's Church, commencing at 9
o'clock. Interment private, i ' ¦.
!C?"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
to-morrow (Wednesday), at 10 o'clock, at the
Odd Fellows' Hall, corner Seventh and Mar-
ket streets, under the ausDices of the O. F.
Relief Committee. Interment Hills of Eter-
nity Cemetery, by the 11:30 o'clock train from
Third and Townser.d streets..
SCHOTTMAN— In this city, June 17. 1901. Ber-
tha', dearly beloved daughter of Charles and
Louise .Schottman, and sjster of Alice, Ed-
win, Grace and Julia Schottman, a native of
San Francisco, aged 7 months and 23 days.
(CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral- this day
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence
of her daughter. Mrs. D. von Staden, 305
Twelfth street, corner of Folsom. I Interment
Odd Fellows' Cemetery. . --. . •
ROSENTHAL— In Medford. Or., June 15, 1901.
Simeon Rosenthal, beloved brother of J.
Rosenthal, Mrs. Esther Cohn, Mrs. Pauline
Knopf, all of New York, and the late Solo-
¦ mon and and Simon Rosenthal, a native of
Germanyj aged 65 years.
CVFuneral- and interment Drlvate. .
KEPI*— In this city', June 1», 1901, Margarethe
¦ Repp, beloved wife of the late Conrad Repp,
and mother of Baltzer and Louis Repp and
Mrs. D. von Staden, and sister of John Fey
and Katie Offenbacher. a native of England,
aged 54 years and 10 months. A member of
St. Pauius Frauen Verein. :
."' ¦ CF Friends, and . acquaintances are^respect-
\ fully invited to attend the funeral this day
• (Tuesday), at 9:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
. «lence. Fortieth and West streets, thence to
j Sacred Heart Church, where a requiem mass
will be' celebrated for the repose of her soul,
commencing at 10 o'clock. Interment St.
Mary's Cemetery, Oakland. ¦
MASTERSON— In this city, June 17. 1901. Mar-
garet Masterson (nee Morrison), beloved wife
of the late Hugh Masterson, and mother of
Hugh Masterson Jr., Mrs. Henry C. Robbins,
Mrs. William Froelich and Mrs. Sol Stewart,
¦ a native of County Armagh, Ireland. |
MOORMAN— In this city. June 17. ' 1901, Fran-
cis, beloved husband of the ' lale Charity
Moorman, and father of Mrs. Mary Hartley,
Hiram M., Enos W., William J. and Edwin
R. Moorman and Mrs. Bertha E. Tavlor. a
. native of the Isle of Wight. England,' aged
82 years 8 months and 20 "days. .
MORRIS— In this* city, June 17, 1901, J. J.
Morris, beloved husband of Eva Morris, son
of Mr. and Mrs. K. Morris, , and brother of
:" Israel Morris, Mrs.- M. King , of Los Alamos
and Flora, Nellie, Rose and Milton Morris,
a native of Stockton. Cal., aged 29 years.
O'BRIEN— In this city, June 16, 1901, Walter
R., beloved son of Walter J. and Grace
O'Brien, a native of Mexico, aged 1 year and
1 -months. . > . * -...-.
IC7The funeral will take place this day
(Tuesday), at 1:30 o'clock, from th« residence
of hJs mother, 2733 Pierce street. Interment
private, National Cemetery-
L1LLEY— In Oakland, June 16. 1901, . Daniel E.
Lilley, beloved husband- of Agnes Cameron
Lllley, a native of,. New York, aged 36 years
and 13 days. - ¦ , ' , .
E7" Friends and acquaintances are fespect-
• fully invited to attend the funeral .. services
to-morrow (Wednesday), at 10:30 o'clock, at
. the parlors of Albert Brown, 468 Thirteenth
street, Oakland. Interment Masonic Ceme-
tery, San Francisco, at 1:30 o'clock.
LONG— In Oakland, June 17. 1901, John, be-
loved husband of Ellen Long, and father of
Daniel W. and Nellie Long, a native of Ire-
land, azed .71 years.
McCURRIE— At Rofie Marie Farm, Santa
Clara County, Cal., June IS, 1901. John P.
McCurrie, beloved husband of Mary A. Mc-
Currie, and father of Charles H., Matthew,
Arthur, Edward and Hugh McCurrie. a na-
. tlve.of Portsmouth, England, aged 79 years
5. months and 16 days. • . '
(ETInterment . at Cypress Lawn . Cemetery
this (Tuesday) morning at 10:15 o'clock. .
MAHONEY— In Oakland,' June 15, 1901, Han-
-• nah Mahoney. beloved wife of Timothy Ma-
'¦•"¦lioney, a native of Boyle, County Roscomr
mon. Ireland.
C7"Friends and acquaintances are respec>*
| fully invited to attend the funeral this day
¦ (Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from 'her late resi-
dence, 751; Market street. Interment Mountain
View Cemetery. ." ¦.:
GUIDER— In South San Francisco, June 17,
1901, Mrs. Guider, beloved wife of James
Guider, and dearly beloved mother of Mrs.
J. L. Davis and the late Bessie, Charley and
Kitty Guider and Zua, Jimmie. ¦ Opal. llallie
and Lee Guider, a ' native of Warren . County,
Indiana,: aged '45 years 8 months and 3 days.
(Chicago papers please copy.) •.:,; "
JENNINGS— In Peking. China, • November 4, ;
1900, Edward J. Jennings, beloved son of
Winifred and I the late John Jennings, and
brother of Thomas and ; Dolly Jennings, Mrs.
.Katheryne Dowle, " Mrs. J. B. Norris, ' Mrs.
Harry F. McGurren and the late Mrs. Wil-
. liam Wattson and Grace Jennings, a native
' of Baltimore. - • • .-.
] [cy Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Jnvited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at > 1- o'clock, f rom • the resi-
dence of the parents, 26 Natoma street.'. In-
• terment Holy Cross Cemetery. ...
GATCHELL— In Oakland, June 16, 190 V El-
mira Gatchell, beloved wife of the late John
Otis ¦ Gatchell, and mother of- Ranson N.,
Winfield S. and Su'mner W. . Gatchell and
1 Mrs. Al Wood, a native , of Maine, aged SO
years 3 months and 18 days. ¦ . 1 , . -' .
ET'The funeral will . take place to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 10 o'clock, from his late
residence, 1S12 Vallejo street. Interment pri-
¦-vate: — ¦ -'-CVrr- _-'._ ¦-,- -¦ ¦- - •
DUNBAR— In Murphys, Calaveras "County,
Cal., June 13. . 1901, . Willis,' beloved husband of
Ellen Dunbar, and father. o£ Willis, . Clarence,
; Elmer, Archie and Russell :Dunbar,. p. native
of New Hampshire, aged 62 years.
GALVIN— In this city; June 17, 1901, Peter F.,
beloved son of John and Annie Galvin, and
'.brother of ..Patrick Joseph,' John Timothy,
George Thomas and Mary Ellen Galvin. a
nativ-i^of San Francisco, aged 2 months and
' 3 days. i.;'. -. . ' •, • • . i> ¦ . .-, • .-...-¦ ¦
CVFuneral this- day (Tuesday), at ?.
o'clock, from the funeral parlors of Charles
' II. J. Truman & Co., 318 Mason street, be-
tween O'Farrell and Geary. Interment pri-
; vate. ¦ ' ; ' '.-,_ ;; .
DIBBLE— In this city, June 17, 1901, Henry
.Dibble, beloved son of Henry C. Dibble, a
native of New Orleans, ! aged 28 years 4
months and 24. days.
. . of hia narents. . 1262 . Folsom - street. Inter-'
I ment Mount. Calvary Cemetery.: • , .
CHESTER— In . this ' city, June 18,' '" 190V Ruth
Marjland Chester, beloved daughter of Louis
and Katheline Chester, a native of San
• Francisco,-, aged j 2 years and 3 months.
DAWSON— In . this city,.; June 15. 1901. Stanley
' S., beloved 6on of George and . E. B. Daw-
son, brother of Earl ~ J. Dawson, and grand-
' son of Martha S. Sherman, I a native of San
Francisco, aged 15 years . 11 months and 2S
deys.". v ¦¦.;¦"¦¦ !•¦•,¦ ¦¦ ¦ .-. - ¦. -¦;•- ¦ ..' ¦
ROOM and board for work while studying by
willing young - man <25); has Al refs. Box
BERKELEY FURNISHED HOUSES.
SPECIAL, NOTICES.
HAILWAY TRAVEL.
,BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.: 415 Montgomery st.\ rooms 9-19; tel. 6580.
7-ROOMED house, furnished; dose to univer-
sity; $40 per month' or would exchange for
country house, summer term. Box 2257, S. F.
FURNISHED. 9 rooms; near University; rent
reasonable. Apply 1201, Call bldg. , c
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
From Lo» .Angeles Mondays and Wednesdays : San Francisco, H i K )t fffu'ni Mil
Tuesdays and Thursdays— Omaha> Chicago, Kansas Ciry, St. Louis — llllII«aU* JWMI
EVERYWHERE east. Tickets and berths at Southern Pacific ticket I^f!?ml^^Sl
offices or by writing . • • |t™4ffr<yQ|
2 W. D. Sanborn, Genl Agent. 631 Market St., San Francisco. I * IBoard Rejects Bids.
The Board of Public Works yesterday
rejected all the bids for the erection of
an additional story to the Dudley Stone
School building on XIaight street. No
reasons were assigned in th© resolution
for the rejection of the bids, but It Is sur
mised that one of the causes was the
protest of C. D. Salfleld against the Im
provement.
about 20 rears old, will be deported to
Japan on tho next Pacific "M*p steamship
that leaves this port. Uta. arrived on. tha
City cf Pck'ng May 80 and aUasecl that
she was the wife of a nmn named Maek
awa. After she had been detained at tho
Presbyterian Mission several days a Jap
anese giving: the name of Maekawa ap
peared • and claimed tue .woman as his
wife. He said that he was a contractor
residing at Forest Grove. On investiga
tion It was found that he was keeping a
boarding-house. The passport exhibited
ty tfe woman had been used befor* by
some other person and sent back to Japan
in the mails. For that reason she was
ordered deported.
LEADERS IN THE CHARITY
SWINDLES AND THE JUDGE
WHO WILL. TRY THEM. ,-
could not be found, he Instructed the offi
cers to use every endeavor to locate the
swindler, and the tenderloin and ferry
depot were carefully watched last night.
When Mamlock realized on Sunday night
that it was only a lpatter of a few short
hours ere he would be behind prison bars
he evidently made up his mind for a- hur
ried departure from his boarding house.
; With the exception of his wife's picture,
which was on a bureau of his room. Mam
lock left the apartment in exactly, the
same condition as it was when I he was
questioned on Sunday evening. His shoes
were lying^on the floor. The bureau was
filled with expensive- shirts and under
wear. Not eyen a hand grip had been
taken. The detectives last night searched
the room thoroughly and seized as evi
dence more than 2000 tickets for the con
cert for the bogus society established by
the missing swindler.
Police Hopeful of Conviction.
Other data were also taken posses&lon
of by the officers and conveyed to the
Hall of Justice. Doneghy's rooms and
Doneghy and Helen Barnes would not
talk to the detectives on the subject of
•¦M-W"i"W-H-i-H-:":"i"2":4-:-i"i"i"i"i"'
Imder the code, the penalty on convic
tion of the offense is one year in the
County Jail or a fine of $1000. .
Helen Barnes was luckily caught by the
detectiveE. owing to the fact that sh?
missed the train for Sacramento yester
day evening by one minute. She returned
from the ferry depot to the room at tho
Emma Spreckels building, where she ran
Into the arms of the.offlcers.
lie of this city by representing that they
were authorized to sell tickets for a bene
fit concert in aid of the "California Boys'
and Girls' Aid Society." The complaint
also alleges that the accused persons
did further represent that they had au
thority to give such a concert and sell
tickets for it, the authority of J. C. Salis
bury being mentioned, when, as a fact
well known to the accused, they did not
nave such authority and also knew that
no such society of the name given ex
isted.
When Captain Seymour heard from De
tectives. Dinan and Wren that Mamlock
- After Doneghy had been under, arrest
for two hours, he asked the detectives
why he had been arrested and Mamlock
was not in custody. Possibly Doneghy- is
anxious to "squeal", in the same. manner
as Mamlock did on Sunday night before
he fled.
» : - .
Women Talk Little.
: Julie Howie and Mrs. C. E. Wilcox ad
mitted to the detectives that -"possibly we
have done wrong," but would not make
any further statement. Belle Smith main
tained a bold and defiant attitude and
wanted to know where Mamlock was. -The :
three women were brought -to this city
by Mamlock from Los Angeles, and they
had no harsh words for their accomplice
and director who had fled in order to save
himself, leaving them to face the charges
against them. ¦ , . •
their arrest They both maintained jsi
lence on the way to the prison, and when
requested by the reporters to make state
ments declined to do so.
Continued From Page One.
: Second-Hand Passports Not Good.
t -Uta Maekawa, V comely Japanese girl
Low Round-Trip Rates West-Bound
- for Homeseekers. V
One limited fare, plus |2, from the East
to California and . return,; via Southern
Pacific; on homeseekers'. excursions: semi
monthly, 1 his summer, j • Southern Pacific
agents.willcbef.lad ¦ to furnish free Cali
fornia litoraturc for ¦¦. Eastern friends und
accept j deposits for.' tickets. "Short •: line
from 'all*; the 'principal ; Eastern ' cities.
Tourist excursions ? personally • conducted
Call on nearestagent Southern Pacific. '
PREPARING f6r THE
TROTTING HORSE RACES
Golden Gate Park Driving Associa
tion Perfecting Arrangements '
• for Its Coming Meeting. v
. Entries for the trotting races to be
held on July 4 at the Oakland race track
under the auspices of the Golden Gate
Park Driving Association will; close on
June 25. ' The purses in : each race will
amount to $150. All races will be the best
two in three heats, j! There will be an Im
portant meeting '. of the. association' this
evening in the Palace Hotel and I Secre
tary H. F., Patrick will receive all en
tries. .:¦-'.• ¦ '¦ '¦¦ . - ¦ - -• - ¦ . . ¦
Messrs. Algeltinger,- Jacobs and New
man are preparing for the double : team
race, which .will be the feature of the day.
Their race on Decoration day ended'un
satisfactorily and it Is the purpose of the
three to compete again for a big side bet
and -a big pujse offered, by their organi
zation. - '• . .. !
The officers of- the driving association
are as follows: President, J. C. Kirkpat
rick;. first > vice president, E. A. Aigel
tinger:-second vice: president, J. C. Oh
landf. treasurer, E. Stewart;* -secretary
H. F. . Patrick. ; , . ' .
W. H. Mills Enthusiastic
Over California's Fine
W. H. Mills, who has charge of the Cali
fornia exhibit at the Pan-American Expo
sition, has returned home. fora stay of a
month or more. He is enthusiastic over
the splendid showing that California has
made and says that it is the finest State
exhibit at the exposition, and that great
results are sure to come of it.
"The exhibitions from California," he
.said/ "are. not alone restricted to the in
dustries but:we also exploit our possibili
ties. For instance, we show fruit, grain
and forestry, but we also have on exhibi
tion samples . of silk and pineapples to
show visitors what California is capable
of doing. - .
"The California, exhibition is, the talk
of the fair and. the attendants of the
California department are busy: all tho
time answering questions . and giving in
formation." The attendance at the Pan-
American Exposition is- good now, but in
the fall, when the harvesting is over, the
numbers will increase 'enormously.' The
buildings are all" completed and the elec
tric display Is the finest that" has' ever
been attempted. .There are three splendid
bjinds on the grounds, Sousa's, the Mexi
can and the Seventy-second - Regiment
band. The : midway features are most in
teresting, many novel performances being
introduced. The Indians give a mock bat
tle-that Is most : realistic, about 600{par
ticipating in the event. ¦ 'The South Before
the ¦War', is also apopular feature of the
midway." . •¦ ¦ ¦¦ .:, .
. Mr. ¦ Mills will return to the exposition
in August and remain there until the clos
ing of the fair in-November. <-- ¦ --¦
GUEST RESULTS
FROM EXPOSITION
In Broken Tones He De-
I clares He Is Not an
Engaged Man.
.Match-making matrons and ambitious
maids may still let Peter. Martin's name
head theirlist of eliglbles. '¦. P,eter returned
from New York yesterday and with one
fell blow smashed. the fascinating L rumor
that he was about to 1 wed Miss Mie Oel
richs of New York.
\ The Burlingame man's denial was posi
tive; and .unaualified. , He was called up
over the telephone ; and the - effective
pauses between, his .words" as he whis*
pered the news on to" San Francisco made
the wires vibrate.: '.'I am not engaged to
Miss Oelrichs,"'said Mr. Martin. "I deny
positively that . any engagement exists
between us." "How," asked the ques
tioneiv at the other v end of the wire, "how
do you account for'the.Fumorsand all the
Eastern newspaper talk that insists upon
connecting your name with that of Miss
Oelrichsl" .,
> It was in answer to this auestion that
Mr. Martin's voice filled with Quivers' as
he. most dramatically •-arid heroically re
lad d " ! do not know.; I hardly know the
a In, spite of Mr. Martin's further de
nials rumor will still have it that -.the
New York .belle and the ;brother-in-law
to-be of 'Mary Scott , are ' engaged "to be
married. ,- Round the delicious bit of gos
sip those who know it all ¦ weave , a 1 pretty
romance of a : loving/; loyal girl,; a : devoted
lover .and . a stern,- unromantic parent of
the .aforesaid girl, .that- innhe end- must
yield to, the desire of lovine hearts.- , :.
to some young men who were associated
with Doneghy In his schemes. .
Hutchinson Printed Tickets.
The tickets placed '¦ on ¦. the market by
Mamlock were printed at an office • on
PETER MARTIN
IS NOT TO WED
EOCIETY WILL ATTEND
GAMES AT DEL MONTE
One Week to Be Devoted to Golf,
Polo Games and Pony-
Racing.
Society is taking a deep interest in the
amateur sports that will be held at Del
Monte under the auspices of the Pacific
Coast Polo and Pony Racing Association
during the week beginning August 19.
The programme of events as arranged
by.the committee. is as follows:
August- l^Men's amateur competition for the
Del Monte cup. Qualifying rounds at eighteen
holes, medal play. The contestants making the
best sixteen \ scores will .play eighteen holes,
match play, until but two competitors remain,
who will then play the final round of thirty
six holes, match play, on successive days. En
tries for the Del Monte cup . should be made
on or before August 20, addressed to the golf
committee. Pacific Coast Polo and Pony Rac
ing Association, Hotel del Monte.
August 21— The Pacific Coast Golf Association
competition for the women's amateur cham
pionship. Qualifying rounds at eighteen holes,
medal play. ¦ • :¦ • ' .
August 22, 23. 24 — The match rounds In the
last-named competition at eighteen holes. L
The appointments for dally play, draws, ar
rai'pements as to -ties and all other details
relating to tiiu competitions will be. settled by
the respective committees on or before the
days of play.
Entries for the Pacific Coast women's cham
pionship must.be made on or before- Wednesday,
August 14, in ccccrdance with the rules of the
association, to T.- P. Gower, 19 Beale street,
San Francisco. : - - .
¦ August ¦ 1°, 20, 21, 22— Polo tournaments.
August 2"— Pony racing and steeplechase.
¦ August 24— Ponv racing and steeplechase.
Polo playinp. fcolf and coaching will continue
during, the riextvweek. _. ; '. .¦ i
Slight .differences between the late strik
ing - butchers who returned to work and
their employers caused a temporary riffle
of excitement yesterday at the Turk
street Temple, where headquarters of the
Journeymen Butchers' Union were main
tained. Nothing serious developed, and it
was reported that the majority of the
strikers had been employed again. Ex
ceptions were made in some instances, but
these were entirely of an individual char
acter. Everything was finally made har
monious, and those who were most active
in promoting the strike were told to "call
again."
At the headquarters of the ironworkers
Secretary Wisler reported that two shops
nad been unionized during the day and
about forty-nve ironworkers had resumed
their old positions. As to any disaffection
in the ranks of the strikers, he said that
reports to that effect had been so often
circulated that he was tired of denying
them. ¦ About fifty men not connected,
with the local organizations of iron
workers went to worK yesterday and more
are expected to take the place of the
striking machinists to-day in various
shops.
"In the two shops orgunized to-day,"
'said Secretary Wisler, "the full demands
of the union have been granted and we
expect further accessions. The men are
slowly_ gaining all their demands."
The ~ executive committee of Beer
Drivers' Union No. 27 adopted a provis
ional series of by-laws to be submitted to
the various branches throughout the
State. -An election i committee was ap
pointed to supervise - the general election
of officers, with a view of forming a cen
tral council of the organization. Nom
inations will be made at the next meeting
and closed at the first meeting in July.
The annual contract to be submitted to
the employing bottlers, the same as the
present year, was presented and adopted.
This must be ratified before July 15.
Metal Polishers Growing Healthy.
.At the meeting of the Metal Polishers'
Association at 1133 Mission street the out
standing members reported . that j they
were gaining in health and strength every
day, and the longer they were out of
work the better it would suit them.
* The following statement has been issued
by the Retail Trades Council:
The executive committee of the Retail Trades
Council held Its regular weekly meeting at the
headquarters of the Cooks' and Walters'
Union, with President A. R. Andre in the
chair.
Business Agent Lane of the Cooks and
Waiters reported several more restaurants
have taken union cards and union crews, and
the number of union window cards now in use
is rapidly approaching the four hundred mark.
Hotels are also rapidly unionizing:.
Business Agent Wllle of the Bakers' Union
reported that employers are using- . desperate
measures to get the bakers to go back to
work, but without success. Shares in the co
operative bakery are selling- rapidly, and in a
week the Advance Co-operative Bakery will be
in a position to set many of the union mem
bers to work who are now on strike. -
Business Agent Sganzinl reported that the
Italian bakers are working- a six-day week,
with the exception of about seven employes of
three non-union concerns.
Information received from Oakland showed
that the Cooks' and Walters' Union there Is
In a snlendid condition. The six-day week is
won both for cooks and waiters, the union
cards are displayed in the windows and the
union has assessed its members 50 cents per
week to .assist the . cocis and waiters of San
Francisco.
In view of the fact that the treasury of the
Cooks' and "Walters* Union was in a better
condition than one week agro, it was resolved
to increase the force of pickets In front of the
unfair restaurants.
The cooks and waiters now regard the strike
as virtually . won, only a few non-union res
taurants being left to be unionized. Members
are paying their assessments willingly and
support Is coming in from the East. A break
in the - ranks of the Restaurant Keepers' Asso
ciation Is ' expected at any time, as the boy
cott is bsKlnnlng to be effective, public opin
ion being now wholly in favor of the cooks and
waiters. J. C. LANE, Secretary
Vehicle Drivers to Organize.
A preliminary organization of a district
council composed of the drivers of all va
rieties of vehicles was held at 1159 Mission
street. Organizer Pierce was present and
told the members how to arrange matters
but the complex per capita | tax proposi
tion advanced by him was a cause of
much debate. A v second meeting will '• be
held next Monday. ...
The honored visitors at the meeting of
Journeymen Barbers' Union No. 148 at 132
O'Farrell street were the State Board of
Barber ' Commissioners. consisting of
President J. J. Calish of this city. Secre
tary P. W. Drake of Los Angeles and
Treasurer Frank Fleming of Sacramento.
The matter of examination was thorough
ly discussed, as : was also the other pro
visions of. the new law. Nominations for
officers to be voted upon' at the election
to be held on Monday next were made
The statment made by an evening paper
that objection would be made to the pres
ence of the union card and form a cause
of disturbance was vigorously denounced
The Steam Laundry .Workers held an
election last night at Teutonia Hall. The
contest was lively and exciting, and half
a score of election officers • suent the
greater portion of the night Jn" counting
the ballots without arriving at a result.
>A strike against a non-union employe in
a small • photo-engraving establishment
may result in the men engaged in that
business taking energetic action.
BARBERS MEET
NEW OFFICIALS
With Few Exceptions
Butchers Return to
Work.
F. G... Coburn was brought to the City
Prison yesterday afternoon bySecret Ser
vice Agent Hazen and Operator Moffitt
and locked .up in the tanks pending his
surrender to the United States Marshal
to-day.
Coburn came to this city from Manila
on the transport Kilpatrick last February
and called at the United States secret
service office in quest of employment, he
representing himself as a secret service
agent of the Government in Manila and
Honolulu. He showed a letter of recom
mendation purporting to have been signed
by Alfred Wilkie, chief of the United
States Secret Service ¦ Bureau at Wash
ington, recommending Coburn as a first
class detective and stating that Coburn
had been in the service of the Govern
ment for twelve.years. He also exhibited
a letter from LieutenaTit Trowbridge at
Manila certifying that Coburn had acted
as a duly authorized sercret service agent
there. Another letter purported to be
from Jules Uri- at Honolulu and certified
that Coburn had been in charge of the
bubonic plague quarantine for the Gov
ernment. .
Chief Hazen put himself in communica
tion with Chief "Wilkie and was informed
that Coburn was a faker and that the
Wilkie letter was a forgery. Yesterday
Coburn called at Hazen's office again and
was detained, by Operator Harry Moffitt
until Mr. Hazen appeared and arrested
him, Coburn admitted that the Wilkie
letter was' forged, but said that a friend
of his had signed Wilkie's name. He ran
a board bill in Woodland, Yolo County,
lately, representing himself as a Govern
ment official. Coburn will be charged
with impersonating a , United States of
ficer. . •
Secret Service Faker
Asks the Chief*
for a Job.
Argus Bail Bond Question.
The action instituted to determine
whether demands for bail moneys on de
posit in the treasury "must be audited by
the Auditor to secure their payment by
the Treasurer was on argument in Judge
Seawell's court yesterday. Judge Seawell
took the case under advisement.
HAZEH BEARDED
IN HIS OFFICE
Turk street, while Doneghy had all' his
literature and 1 tickets for his* schemes
printed by the man Hutchinson, who runs
a '.'boys' . home" and a job printing office
on Treat avenue. < The Associated Chari
ties are now. investigating Hutchinson's
"home.". • .--•....
The "Associated Charities,' which Is or
ganized to, prevent fraud on the charit
ably inclined citizens, is determined to use
every effort to prevent such frauds as
those perpetrated by Doneghy, Mamlock
and Mrs. Gregory. - :
J The Merchants' Association, realizing
that the business community has been
constantly duped by scheming men and
women, ,will . shortly take some definite
steps ' to protect the community. While
there is a natural hesitancy on the part
of those duped to come to the front and
admit that they have been defrauded, all
will- eagerly join in any proposal to pre
vent a repetition of the "charity work
ers " schemes, "s _ •
President J. C. Salisbury . of . the Boys'
an <? Girls ' Aid - Society of Los Angeles
will probably be requested by the police
to come to this city and testify in the
prosecution of the Doneghy-Barnes-
Mamlock gang,- who are under arrest.
Mamlock on Sunday last asserted that
his proposed concert was for the benefit
of Mr. Salisbury's society. When he knew
that The Call intended telegraphing to
Los Angeles to find out if his statement
was true, he realized that his game was
up and disappeared.
The schemers arrested yesterday will be
arraigned .before Police Judge Fritz tRis
morning.
' Doneghy was released on $100 cash bail
at 1:30 this morning:.
- Mamlock also admitted on Sunday that
Doneghy. had kept all his .books and pa
pers in his (Mamlock's) rooms. and at the
time he spoke he pointed to v a locked
trunk and said: "The books and papers
are in there.? Testerday the trunk was
wide-open and the books and papers of
Doneghy were gone, showing that on
Sunday night Mamlock had warned
Doneghy that an arrest might follow and
. to i take i his papers away. ¦ •
The detectives last night were of the
opinion that Doneghy had given all in
criminating evidence to Helen Barnes to
take with her to Sacramento, and that it
is in a valise awaiting the owner in the
baggage-room of the ferry depot. ¦. A
search for the valise will be made to
day. . " ¦ _ " . ¦ " - ¦
Now that the police have some of the
charity workers" under arrest, no op
portunity will be lost to bring the rest
of the unsavory band into the drag-net
of ,the law. Mrs. K. C. Gregory, alias
Miss, C. C. Graham, who was formerly
associated with Doneghy, will be
watched. Many of the women who
worked for Doneghy, Mamlock and Mrs.
Gregory belong to this city and were
made dupes of by the schemers.
These women answered advertisements
and secured -employment from the lead
ers of the bands of schemers and there is
no evidence to show that they knew of
the baseness -of the work they were en
gaged in.
The. police have the names of some of
the womten, and their testimony can be
'secured if necessary. The same applies
Doneghy Kept Mamlock's Books.
I that of. Helen" Barnes at" the Lag Palmag
. rooming-house were also searched ! and
m °re evidence was secured there. '
The police are of the opinion that there
¦^"l be: little difficulty in securing a con
viction of all the arrested persons. While
Doneghy. and -Helen Barnes claim that
they were not connected with Mamlock's
bogus scheme for a concert, there is
ample evidence- to show that the - two
bands worked together and knew .'of each
other s plans. . Mamlock fully admitted
having launched the olan to give a-con
cert for the "California Boys" and' Qirls'
Aid Society" and his tickets .were sold
by Julie Howie, Mrs. C. E.' Wifcox,
Isabelle McDonald and Belle Smith. The
women admitted on Sunday that they
5 sold the tickets all over the business por
tion of the city. v
Some of Mamlock's tickets were found
on, Sunday morning in the desk occupied
by Dpneghy in room 612, Emma Spreckels
building and witnesses will be produced
to^prove that X>oneghy. Helen Barnes
and Mamlock dally met in Doneghy's of
fice and discussed, the. concert scheme.
THE ;;SAN. FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JUNE 18^ 1901.
K% Doneghy, -Helen Barnes, -. Julie ¦ Howie, Belle I Smith, ;; McDonald * 'and Mrs. G. E.
Wilcox Are : Gaught in the Round-Up by Officers of the Law, While Harry Mamlock, Who Is (One of
the Chief Conspirators, Drops From Sight- Immediately After Being Unmasked^^
CHARITY SWINDLERS ARRESTED ON CHARGES
OF OBTAINING MONEY BY FALSE PRETENSES
12
ADVERTISEMENTS.
FAINT HEART HEY€R WON FAIR LADY
Or poor laundry work a satisfied cus-
tomer. That's why all our work Is tip-
top In quality— because we want to hold a
customer once gained, and tho only way
for us to do it is to please him.
Tou're no further away from satisfac-
tory laundry work than the nearest post
box— use it and we'll call promptly.
No saw edges.
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY
Office 1OO4 Market Street;
Telephone— South 42O,
Oakland Office— 54 San Pablo Avs.
DR.MGNULTY.
rriHISWEIX-KNOWJT AND RELIABLE OLD
J. Specialist cures Blood Poison, Gonorrhce».G!eet,
8trictnr<», SSemiiial Weakness. Impotence and tbeir
allied Disorders. Boob on Diseases of Men, free.
OTerMyears'Pxper!eiice.Tmns reasonable. Hoars
9to3daily;6:30to8.30ev'ss. Sundays, 10 to 12. Corwul.
tationfreeandsacredly coofldentiaL Can or address
36 }£ Seamy St.; San Francisco, CsJ'
TO THE MAN WHO THINKS.
np||^OOK yourself squarely in the face and see
(MM) tf-y oiJareno t Half ashamed to be without
|O|j|f Ivory Soap in your house. Worse than this, •
_USsiy your wife is without it. It is bad enough J
for a man, though a man often doesn't care how *
his comfort is mis-spelled. But a "woman misses all \
these little helps to housekeeping. And Ivory Soap i
is one; its great potency makes it actually cheaper^
than yellow soap for general work. It floats*
¦ ' copt»ioht mt §» the ntooTiit « «amui eo. Cincinnati . \qt
10 Percent m
Teaclter
gbin£ to Manila will
need a steamer trunk.
Hence we offer them \
a special discount of
10 per cent on trunks,
bags and dress suit
S/^o cr &* d
WUOWOt
I 128-132 Ellis St., San Francisco.
;__ ¦¦¦Vv'?...-.- IJH.1 ttt fiil 1 "
"VANVROOM" 1
1 DENTAL PARLORS, |l
1 1001 MARKET, Cor. 6th. ', |
f! \I ©r eager purchasers throngs our ¦ifinf '•
|f | store every day. The fact that fjjjl^
|L § the crowd of -customers to be W
H^v^ [I seen in our New $3.50 Depart- Wsm
I \vtl merit increases steadily day by ¥W
F yJ day, week in- and week out, is un-* ' J*T?/
I* questionable proof of the eminent Bral'
i 8Lb superiority of this footwear to any ' Sftl
P HH other advertised brand of $3.50 hSt!
}| >||! Shoes on the market. All the new- iW^i
j! »| est styles and : every material are l^^Tj
n tPb ested in Shoes should write to us. l|8 H