WITH A BRILLIANT RECORD WON BY HARD FIGHTING
THE FORTY-THIRD REACHES PORT ON THE KILPATRICK
Enjoyable Party on the Tug Defiance Visits
All Points of Interest From the Heads
to the Union Iron Works*
GUESTS OF THE CALL,
THE ALABAMANS TOUR
SAN FRANCISCO BAY
> Continued on Page Two.
Continued on Page Three.
BAD PAPER
CAUSES BANK
TO SUSPEND
Seventh National of New
York Closed: by the j .;
Comptroller. • •. ;'.'
Good Security Proves
Disastrous.
Loan of $1,600,000 Without
v ..Special Dispatch tot The' Call.
,NEW -YORK,; June 27.-*A.nriouncement
was made shortly before il o'clock to-day ;
of the; failure of the/ ; Seventh > National
Bank. The initiative was ;taken by Comp-!
troller of I- Currency: Dawes. National
Bank Examiner ¦ Forest Raynor was ap
pointed temporary receiver. v :
The failure was not' unexpected In bank- 1
ing circles,' though j a , surprise \ to the pub-'
lie, -which , had {been >led ! : to •, believe .that
the ' institution : was .'protected by ; funds
advanced .; by'- E." R.'", Thomas arid jj Edwin
Gould. This vast ,; amount ¦ of- money,
about $1,200,000, apparently went' to meet
Clearing-house^debit balances.. '• ! .
A loan to^ttie firm' of Henry Marquand
Rev. Arthur Smith Advocates
Complete Regeneration
of the Empire.
PEKING, June 27.— Rev. : Arthur Smith.'
the missionary, and author, preaching' at
Tientsin on the anniversary of the. relief
of that city (June^24), said he thoroughly
agreed with Sir' Robert' - Hart in *the
statement that unless there was a com
plete * regeneration' of r ; China In a few
years country would be menaced by
20,000,000 Boxers. . The ¦ Chinese would
never forget-Vthat the Boxer, movement
was fully approved .by. the court. '.
¦ The foreign \ Ministers at to-day's meet
ing' discussed '.only < minor- points of the
indemnlty'questlon. The British Minister^
Ernest- Satow, refuses, to agree to'i the" 10
per. cent Increase In the tariff In the event
that China ., finds* herself .unable; to, meet
beripayments. « The- Russian Minister,' M.
do/GlerB- has not yet agreed -that- the in-,
tereat on the indemnity, be 4 Der cent.
Missionary Says Twenty
; ! Millions May Take
.' the Field.
CHINA STILL
MENACED BY
THE BOXERS
SCENES ATTENDING THE ARRIVAL. OF THE LAST OF THE VOLUNTEER REGIMENTS FROM THE PHIL
IPPINES, .TWO OFFICERS OF THE FORTY-THIRD WHO WON DISTINCTION, COMMANDER OF THE DE
PARTMENT OF CALIFORNIA' AND THE MAN WHO WILL RELIEVE HIM' ON JULY 1. \ ;
POPE LEO'S
CONDITION IS
VERY SERIOUS
Dr. Lapponi. Does Not
Leave the Pontiff's
'Bedside Jill
Vatican Officials Worried
Over the Failing Health
of His Holiness:
PARIS, June 26-.-r;A dispatch to the Petit
Bleu from . Rome" announces the Pope to
be seriously ill and says that Dr. Lapponl,
his attending physician, does not leave
the Pontiff's bed. '¦"
Vatican officials' are anxious concerning
the Pope's health, i . . ,
Continued on Page Seven,'
Heavy Storms in Gtermany.
• BERLIN, June . 27.— News received ¦ here
from j Rominten, Prussia, shows j that the
whole .of the Rominten district has been
devastated since June 24 by hailstorms
and cloudbursts..', Emperor William's es
tate at Rominten has been greatly'dam
aged. His Majesty j to.-day, . upon , receipt
'of 'the , news, ordered that^ speedy relief
be sent, and himself forwarded a large
sum of money to'be distrlbutedamorig: the
sufferers. 'Vo'i't.r'
THE ladies and gentlemen of the Alabama Press Association were tfc«s
guests of The Call yesterday on a trip around" the bay on board the tug
Defiance. Every minute of the time from 9:30 a. m. to 1:30 p. m. was en-
Joyed by the agreeable and accomplished visitors"frbm"Alabama. Captain
Joseph F. Trewren. commander of the tug," took'excelleht'care of his pas-
Fengers, and not the slightest mishap occurred to Interfere with the day's
enjoyment. The atmosphere was slightly hazy, but the temperature was delightful
and all nthc-r conditions were favorable for an* outing 'on the "water. ¦ The -tug
steamed slowly away from Pacific-street wharf, pausing a proper distance from
the pier to give the photographers a good range for taking views of the decorated
'.raft. The course from the start was ocean-ward. ' Interesting places on the shore.
Black Point and Presidio reservations, Fort Point. Lime Point ! and . the Cliff
Hovse, were pointed out to the excursionists. Captain Trewren. mindful of the
ladies and appreciating: the store of tempting refreshments, solid and liquid.
which the caterers had placed aboard in the early morning, did not plunge
ahead or venture too far west of Fort Point. The splashes of spray and the roil
grave the Alabamans a slight acquaintance with the Pacific Ocean. The tug re
turning steamed close to the Marin shore. The orchestra aboard discoursed ' en
chanting music, while the scenic views of Sausalito and Belvedere refreshed the
eyer. of the guests. . - .
After passing through Raccoon Straits the tug paused in the smooth water un
der the lee of Angel Island. There the vessel came to a ¦ slow down and rest to
give the guild of the fourth estate opportunity, to discuss the wines, , fruits and
sa!ads of California and such other articles as the hospitality of the Golden "West
provided for the visttprs. The busy caterers, assisted by \ several ladles of the
local fraternity, kept pace with the demands of the hour. , The orchestra played
from olives and bo! ads to meats, fruits, nuts and raisins. . A strong sentiment was
created among the visitors in favor of cruising off Angel Island for an indefinite
length of time, but the desire to see more of th» Bay of San Francisco and to get
& near view of the historic battleship Oregon overcame other emotions. -
The photographers, professional and of the amateur grade, got in their work
after the lunch hour. Groups of lovely ladies were detached from the main
throngs aft, forward and on the pilot-house deck to lend the charm of. Southern
beauty and grace to the picture collections of the cruise. . . ¦ ¦ , ¦
Running away from Angel Island Captain Trewren brought his boat so. near
the famous battleship Oregon that the excursionists and the sailor men exchanged
salutations. • . • ••'
The orchestra aboard the tug played the "Star Spangled Banner" and the audi
ence joined In Blnging the words of the national air. There was a universal de
sire expressed by the ladies and gentlemen of the Alabama party to go .aboard the
Oregon, and If the committees of the California Press Association and the» San
Francisco Press Club having the entertaining of the visitors in charge will ar
range some hour for the editors and publishers to visit the ship and 6ee the guns
and turrets made memorable in American history, they will receive the unani
mous thanks of the Southern delegation. In any case. The Call
will try to arrange for such a trip. All the signs aboard the battleship, the
cheers and signals In response to the greetings from the tug signified that the
officers and others would be glad to receive the Alabama party. It is pleasant
to reflect that the distinguished families of the South are. again largely repre
sented in the army and navy of the united country and no one can entertain
greater pride in the achievements of the army and navy than that 'entertained by
those patriotic editors of Alabama and their captivating companions. Every ship
of the navy and every regiment of the army contains "boys" of .the South, and
many of them are Alabama "boys." And then the officers of the Oregon would
be enraptured by the eweet Southern way of dwelling lightly on ! the "r." The
Oregon was not the only ship of the country noticed. - The cutter Hugh McCul-
Icch that served as a dispatch boat between Manila and Hongkong, and which en r
tered the harbor of Manila when Dewey's cruisers went in to smash 'the Spanish
fleet engaged the attention of the visitors.
Th» Union Iron Works, wh^-e the Ohio Is In progress of construction, did not
pet the overlook.' The tug Bteamed along to Hunters Point and then came about
for the run home. The guests from Alabama were impressed with the magnitude
of San Francisco, but what impressed them most was the. hospitality of Califor
nia. They epoke of the kindness shown to them by the citizens of Stockton and
Fresno. After reviewing the excursion on the bay tendered by The Call and specu
lating* on scheduled features of entertainments to come, they reached the happy
and complimentary verdict that Calif ornians were *just like Southerners in the
generous extension of hospitality. "We never expected to- meet such, kindness.
You are Just like our people in Alabama," exclaimed a lady who found special de
light in the trip. . , . -, : •
At the pier on the return J. A. Rountree, secretary of the Alabama Press As-
other received a spear thrust. m
On the other hand, the official returns show that in the various fights the For
ty-third killed 1693 Filipinos, wounded 325 and captured 1426 of the rebels. The reg
iment lost three h,orses, three rifles' and three ammunition belts, while it captured
from the enemy ninety-seven rifles, forty-two ¦ cannon, 3557 rounds of ammunition
and $27,900 In Mexican money. The regiment was In 293 engagements in which
there were casualties and sixty-one engagements In which no casualties occurred.'
Two companies, L and M. of the Forty-third were recruited in California and
sailed from here in November, 1S99. The other companies were recruited f rom^ all
over the United States and sailed from New York on November 16, 1899. The entlr©
regiment landed'ln Manila on January 1. 1900, and was at once sent to garrison
the Islands of ,Saraar and Leytc. As Samar is the third and Leyte the fifth In Rise
in the Philippines, the amount of work the men had to do can be imagined. At
first eight companies were stationed on Samar and four on Leyte, but later two
companies were sent from Samar to Leyte. • Still later another regiment was sent
to Samar and the companies of the Forty-third doing duty there were sent to
Leyte. On May 29 last General Moxlca and all his men surrendered, and on June 1
the regiment sailed for Manila and four days later started for home.
• From the colonel down every officer of the Forty- third has been under fire. Th»
number of engagements in which each was the commanding officer Is about as fol
lows: Olonel Arthur Murrey 2. Major J. C. GUmore Jr. 2, Major II. T. Alien 11.
Major L. C. Andrews 4. Captain L. E. Hanson 20, Captain W. R. Beavers 12. Cap
tains Michael J. Spellman 4. George O. Duncan 21. John S. Fair 4, "W..C. Dow 3.
.L. E. Polk 2. W. B. PrestoivS, John Cooke 1, Harry 11 Dey 2, F. C. Prescott 6.
'w; l. Goldsborough 9: First Lieutenants Robert Le Masurier 7, M. L. Avery 3,
James W. Dutton 5. Joesph T. Sweeney 5, H. S.' Swann 4, Lorenzo D. Gasser 5,
Claudius M. Seaman 5, W. S. Conrow 5, Henry J. Stewart 3. Henry A. Thayer 3,
Robert Sterrett 4, Michael E. Morris 4. A. E. Phillpps 3. P. R. Jones 2. Second Lieu
tenants Gordon Johnston 16, W. H. Willson 5. George E. Steele 1. G. F. Andrews
7, J. L. Elmer. 9. Charles C. Estes 44. Louis H. Leaf 1, John N. Truden 14, W. H.
Burt 6, W. S. Price 2, Walter M. Lindsay 9.
,The ricn-commlssioned having command in one or more actions were Sergeant
Howard McFarlane 4, Sergeant Claude L. Bradford 2, First Sergeant Graham 2, .
and First Sergeants A. " S. ' Haskell, Smith and Richard Howard, Sergeants O*. F.
Doe,. Strebler, Ray. Hoover, D. L. . George, "W. J. Hall, Loomls, Lyons, T. M. Hall,
and Corporals Overly, Macadam. Harbeson and Anthony Carson and Quartermas
ter Sergeant Kean, 1 each.
Colonel Arthur Murrey is very popular with his men and a splendid commander.
It wasldue to his disposition of his men that such excellent results were produced.
In order to garrison two islands there had to be a great deal of scattering, but
each little command was so placed that it could speedily call upon its neighbor for
assistance. It was due" to this fact that every officer in the. regiment got a*
chance to do some fighting on his own account. Colonel Murrey Is proud of his
regiment and its record shows that he la deservedly so. \
¦ Lieutenant Charles C. , Estes, who was . in forty-four engagements, has men
from, the ranks. -From 1S84 to 1S89 he wai private, corporal, sergeant and first ser
geant in the Third Artillery., In 189*? he was a. captain in the Eighth Volunteer In
fantry and, was mustered out In March. 1S39. On November 2, 1S99, he enlisted as a
private in the Forty-third and two weeks later he was: made a -second lieutenant.
The warmest engagement In which Estes took part was on Easter Sunday, April
15; 1S99. With/twenty-four men he was holding the village of Jaro on the island
'of ; Leyte. .'The. men were quartered in tha village church and everybody save the
sentry was asleep." At 4 a. m. over 1000 Filipinos appeared before the church and
.regiment lost two officersand sixty-seven men In battle. The' officers
were Lieutenants John H. Evans and Jonathan Cilley. Of the men, one was hanged
by the rebels in* Samar, one .was. captured and beheaded in Leyte. one was cap
tured and«beheaded In. Samar. one -was drowned, six died from bolo wounds and the
others from various causes. ' - / . • • . . ,1 V
From January 27, 1900, to December 31, 1900. the official list shews seventy-two
officers and men wounded either in action or accidental}}*. Of these fifteen were
wounded by bolos in the hands of the enemy and nine were wounded accidentally
in various ways. Among the'se unlucky last was unfortunate Private John South,
who received three .gunshot wounds during an accidental engagement at Alansr
basig, Leyte. One man flgure3 .in the list of seventy-two as having teen severely
clubbed' by Insurgents, and two were injured by falling into man traps, while an-
THE army transport Kilpatrlck arrived from Manila • yesterday with the
last of the'volunteers aboard. The "Fighting Forty-third" - was the last
regiment to leave' Manila, but the men liked their quarters in the Islands
so well that many of them are anxious to go there again. Of all the vol->
unteer regiments that went to the Philippines none saw as* much active
service as the Forty-third. Between January 1 and December 31,' 1900, the
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
VOLUME XC— NO. 28.
SAN FRANCISCO, FRIDAY, JUNE 28, 1901.
Regiment Has More Than Three Hundred
Battles and Skirmishes to Its Credit and
Its Losses in Action Are Heavy*
OFFICERS AND MEN
WIN DISTINCTION IN
MANY ENGAGEMENTS
The San Francisco CallIn framing pictures appropriately— so that
the shape," the finish and the matting com
bine in perfect harmony— Is magical. We
have all the season's pretty styles— and
there have never been more artistic ef
fects. Call and see them. Sanborn, Vail
& Co... 741 Market street. :•-.-••; •
The Influence of 'Art
J. L. Glissman, formerly a porter In the
Rosedale House on Ellis street, -near
Jones, was found dead in a room in that
house yesterday. He had committed sui
cide by inhaling gas..
Glissman was discharged from the
Rosedale several days ago for Indulelne
too frequently in? liquor. He knocked
about town for. several days, continuing
his spree ./He went to the Rosedale ves
terday morning and entered one of 'the
rooms upstairs. That- was the last seen
of him until the proprietor, who suspected
that all was not right, broke open the
door of the room and found the ex-porter
dead.
DISCHARGED PORTER
' ENDS LIFE TV ITU GAS
Boom in the Rosedale
Souse. .
J. L. . Glissman Found Dead in a
VALPARAISO, June '27.— Election riots
have occurred here at ' the ports : of Con
ception and. at Antofagasta: At* the lat
ter port the- police; last night fired on
a procession.': killing -three men and
wounding several others. The prefect of
police of Antofagast has been imprla-
I oned : and the population 'threatens to
I lynch him. ¦ - v ¦ ¦ ¦
BUFFALO, June 27.— As the. result' of,
the breaking of a temporary ' platform
built on a scaffolding and bridging the
top of a monster tank . in the ; Eastern
elevator this . afternoon' six" men fell a
distance of •" eighty feet - and four - were
JOHN KEEFE'jR.
JOHN CORBBTTJR.
PETER KROTONGER.
v »-. .. ¦• ¦ ;•; :
Fatal Election Blots.
Six Men Fall a . Distance • of Eighty
Feet and Four* of Them Are
Killed;
BUFFALO. June" '27.— On* life was
lost, several men were more or less
seriously burned arid • property valued
at $100,000 . was destroyed ; by a fire
which totally - .consumed V the west
bound freight house of , the Lehlgh
Valley Railroad • at Tifft Farm this
afternoon. Some of the 270 laborers w'io
were at work tarried in the building too
long and were forced to Jump < from win
dows Into the Blackwell canal. All were
rescued from the water excepting Pletro
Zaiso, an, Italian laborer. The steamer
Hennepin caught fire and was damaged to
the extent of $25,000. The Lehigh Valley
freight sheds and contents were valued
at about $75,000.
SEVERAL LIVES LOST BY I
BREAKniTG OF A PLATFORM I
Windows Into River and One
Is Drowned.
Laborers Compelled to Jump From
VALUABLE FBEIGHTHOUSE
DESTROYED BY FIRE
The funeral of Louis A. Garnett, the ex
pert on matters of finance' and currency
and former manager of what Is now the
Selby Smelting Works, was held yester
day at Laurel Hill Cemetery. Many
friends of deceased and his family attend
ed the services and the Interment.
Mr. Garnetfs death occurred Tuesday
night at Pacific Grove, where he and Mrs.
Garnett had been living for a year past.
Apoplexy was the cause of death. - -
Louis A. Garnett was v born in iVIrginla
In 1822 and was graduated from the Vir
ginia Military Institute in ,1842. He came
to California in 1850, and from 1857 to 1860
was metallurgical ofllcer in the Mint. He
resigrned that position to go to Europe,
where he spent several years in the study
of finance and economics. After his re
turn to San Francisco he organised the
San Francisco Assaying and Refining
Works, now the Selby Smelting Works,
which he managed until 3876.
It was at the suggestion of Mr. Garnett
that the Mint Bureau at Washington was
organized by the mint act of 1873. provid
ing for the direction of all the mints from
Washington instead of from the Phila
delphia Mint. Mr. Garnett was recog
nized as the highest authority on mone
tary questions on the coast. He served
as a member of the United States Mone-'
tary Commission of 1S97, and his col
leagues relied largely upon his. technical
knowledge in framing Its recommenda
tions, r .'
LAST BITES AT GRAVE ..
OF LOUIS A. GABNETT
Burial of Noted Expert on Coinage
and Member of Monetary Com
mission of 1897.
UNKNOWN MAN AND BOY.
This list numbers thirty-five, and it is
believed that as many more bodies are
still in the debris and driftwood.
PARIS CRAIG.
BLUEFIETLD, TV. Va.. June 27.— The
railroad and telegraph situation ¦ to-night
is good, considering the second washout
of last night. The laborers, numbering
3000, repaired all washouts for temporary
use as far as Vivian, the point reached
yesterday. The relief train has reached
Elkhorn' and supplies are. being furnished
to the needy. -Many destitute families are
leaving the field.
The complete ¦ list of the dead as they
have been found and compiled is as . fol
lows: - *. ¦ . . , . A . •
JOHN LEWIS. >
MRS. NELLIE SMITH.
ANNA SMITH
MRS. M'KAY. . A
MARY MAY.
CHARLES SHELLEY.
. SAM POINDEXTER.
JOHN BALLARD.
BETTIE BROWN.
WILLIAM TRIGG.
JACOB RIFLIN.
JOHN BANLISTER. -
MRS. MARY FOLIER.
L. B. CHRISTIAN.
MRS. BERTHA ANDERSON AND
TWO SMALL CHILDREN
WILLIAM CHEATHAM.
GUY GAINES AND WIFE. ~- '
A. L. BEVERLY AND WIFE.
UNKNOWN WHITE MAN, MINUS
HEAD. - •
, JOHN VAN DYKE.
EDWARD VAN DYKE. .
MRS. JOHN HOOK AND TWO CHIL
DREN.
CHARLES TATE. ,.
B. BLANEHSIP. '
BEAVER.
J. BOOTH. ' '
A Relief Train -Reaches
Elkhorn' in Flood:
District.
.Chief . 'of Boundary Commission 13
: v Bitten by a Reptile in Rio
¦}"•¦, Grande Canyon.
EL PASO, Tex., June 27.— P. D. Cun
ningham, chief of the, United States
Boundary Commission ¦; and commandant
of the fleet of the United States and Mex
ico which left here last month to' explore
the grand canyon of the Rio Grande, was
brought back yesterday in a serious con
dition from the effects of a snake bite.
The reptile, a huge water moccasin,
crawled over him while he slept. He
sprang up, but the snake buried its fangs
In his foot. A comrade sucked the poison
from the wound and Cunninsrham was
sent here for medical treatment.
Society Ladies Work for Charity.
¦PARIS. June 27.— There was a charity
fete at the Petit Trianon, made famous
by Marie. Antoinette. The fete was ar
ranged by the Countess de Castellane and
other society ladies, who, attired In rustic
costumes of the period, reproduced scenes
from the life of Marie Antoinette*
StfAKE BURIES FANGS
! .IN AN OFFICIAL'S FOOT
Salinas; Mills Church. Campbells; H. B
Gilbert, San Jose, and T. A. Hibblrd of
MONTEREY, June 27.— News comes
here from King City that a water system
capable of supplying a population of 3000
people is about to be constructed at tha't
place by Claus Spreckels. The storage
reservoir for the plant Is to be far up in
the foothills back of the town and water
will be piped to the distribution point. The
work of construction will, it is stated, be
gin at once.
Water System for King City.
Passengers on the Transport.
The Kilpatrick brought up 1011 enlisted
men. fourteen dishonorably discharged
men. five discnarged soldiers and the fol
lowing- named cabin passengers:
Major W. S. Scott and wife. Major John
Howard and wife. Major E. D. Case. Ma
jor WE. Wil.ier. Major Charles Humph
reys, Captain Thomas Ryan. Captain T.
R. Rivers, Captain R. E. L. Spence, First
Lieutenant Horton W. Stickle, Ester V
Hassen. Cecelia Barhart. Mary E. Barker.
H. E. Houstis. H. Hoecker. R. Carey. Jo
seph Jost. E. F. Virgin, Mrs, P. L. Sher
man, child and nurse, wife of Mr. Sher
man of the Smithsonian Institution, and
acting Hospital Steward R. F. H. Brauns.
Major Humphreys went from here to
China in command of the Third Artillery.
After the relief of Peking he went to
Manila and was placed in command of
Fort Banyan. He was ordered home last
month and Is now on his way to Fort Ste
vens, Oregon, to assume command of that
post.
During the voyage of the Kilpatrick A.
Hartshorn, private. Company G. died on
k ? & * e ody waB embalmed and
brought to the city for interment.
LAST OF VOLUNTEERS HERE.
Away back in the hills Sweeney heard
of the peril of l:is command. The rescue
party Joined with his own men only made
a grand total of seventeen men, while the
rebels had been reinforced and must have
been 150D strong. Securing the launch
Laoang, Sweeney and his men raced down
stream to the rescue of their comrades.
Reaching Catutig the handful of men
jumped aehore and charged the Filipino
army. Thinking others were coming, the
rebels broke and fled. Lieutenant Sweeney
then retreated, taking with him the eleven
men he had rescued, and finally reached
the headquarters of the regiment.
Many of the officers of the Forty-third
trere made very happy by letters from the
War Department handed to them as soon
as the mail was opened. The letters con
tained the appointment- of the following
to the regular army: Captains— Golds
borougrh. Beavers. Duncan (of California).
Tilton, Hansen and Fair; first lieutenants
—Donnelly. Seaman, Sterrett, Burt. Phll
lpps, Swann and uasser; second lieuten
ants—Johnstone, Steele and Andrews. Be
sides these there were one or two others
whose names could not be learned. Among
them, however, was that of Sergeant Ma
jcr Edward K. Masisie, who has been ap
pointed a second lieutenant.
Lieutenant Sweeney's Daring.
When Lieutenant Sweeney started
across the island he left thirty-one men
in garrison at Catubig. He was not gone
.very long before General Lukbanand 1000
rebels appeared before the place and de
manded the surrender of the men. The an
fwer was a volley. The fighting went on
day after day, the Americans being picked
oft one at a time until only eleven were
left. Still there was no thought of sur
render, and for every American that fell
twenty Filipinos bit the dust.
The Filipinos had two cannon, which
they could not bring Into action owing to
the sharpshooting of the Americans. After
the fight the bodies of nineteen rebels were
found beside oae of the guns. The Fili
pinos attacked again and again with great
determination, but were finally driven off,
leaving 125 dead, one rifle, two cannon, 150
bolos and a silk flag- on the field.
On March 16 last Estes and his orderly
were ambushed by 150 Filipinos. The or
derly was killed but Estes cut his way
through the horde and escaped. .
Major W. E. "Wilder of the Fourth Cav
alry was also lieutenant colonel of the
Forty-third for a time. He was with Gen
eral Toung in Northern Luzon. When
Major Batson was wounded Major Wilder
was placed In command of the Macabebe
scouts. On October 1. 1900. he was made
6uperintendent of police in Manila and
served until May' 27, 190L Major Wilder
cays Manila is one of the best policed
cities In the world and has a splendid de
tective bureau, under the direction of
Philip K. Sweet, formerly of the Forty-
Eixth Infantry.
Lieutenant A. E. Phillips was In com
mand In some very hot affairs and was
one of the officers present at the surren
der of General Moxlca and the consequent
pacification of Leyte. •
Lieutenant Joseph T.« Sweeney Is still
Buffering from the effects of his wounds.
With twelve men he was marching across
Samar when the rebels ambushed him In
the hills. Two of his comrades were killed
and two wounded. For five days the hand
ful of soldiers kept the Filipinos at bay
and then help came.
Filipino Attack Is Repulsed.
demanded the surrender of Lieutenant
Estes and his men. The Americans, in
their night clothes, seized their arms and
for five hours fought the rebels, finally
driving- them off. Lieutenant Estes with
six men guarded one side of the bell
tower, while Sergeant Rich and four men
looked out for the other. The remainder
of the men took their stations at the
church windows.
The Thirty-first and Thirty-sixth com
panies of coast artillery, formerly Bat
teries I and O of the Third Artillery, will
remain In Manila.
Twenty-ninth. Thirtieth. Thirty-second
and Thirty-third companies of coast ar
tillery; Batteries One, Eight, Ten, Twelve
and Thirteen of the field <¦ artillery; the
Fourteenth, Eighteenth and Twenty-third
regiments of Infantry; Company. A of the
battalion of engineers, and the Fourth
Cavalry.
The regular troops now In Manila are
under orders to proceed to the United
States. They will be sent home on the
first available transports. Orders have
been issued to hold the mall for the fol
lowing troops, which means that they will
be the first to leave: •
The Forty-second Volunteer Infantry
was mustered out at the. Presidio yester
day. About $200,000 was required to pay
the men. The Forty-second was or
ganized at Fort Niagara. New Tork, and
most of the men left last night for home.
Ground was broken at the Presidio yes
terday for the erection of four sets of of
ficers' quarters. The buildings are to be
located near the general hospital and -will
be occupied bv the medical officers con
nected with the institution.
From Manila.
Out— Regular Troops Ordered
Regiment of New Yorkers Mustered
FORTY-SECOND INFANTRY .
DOFFS THE BLTJE UNIFORM
1 there will not be a volunteer soldier In
the service. One regiment arrived hero
during the month of February, . six got
home in March, six In April, two in May
and ten regiments were landed here dur
ing the present month. .
The work of mustering out the 25,000
volunteers has been handled in an able
manner under the direction of Colonel
Jocelyn, mustering out. officer. Colonel
Jocelyn mustered out all the State troops
and used the knowledge gained at the
time of their discharge In his present un
dertaking.
The paymasters of the Department of
California have paid millions of dollars to
the troops since the arrival of the First
Regiment from Manila. So successful
have they been in the payment of dis
charge moneys and finals that Sunday
next they will attempt the enormous tasK
of paying off seven regiments, which will
require the disbursement of $2,000,000.
Clerks are working night and day at the
mustering out office at the Presidio pre
paring discharges for the men and mak
ing up their final accounts. Payment will
commence at 7 a. m. and will continue
until every man of the seven regiments
has received his travel pay, savings and
balance due from his clothing account.
Monday Major General Shatter will be
relieved of the command of the Depart
ment of California by Major General S.
B. M. Toung.
TAKES SUPPLIES
TO SUFFERERS
To-day Captain L. .B.Mallory of Los
Gatos was in charge of. the camp. For
to-morrow Mrs. Ida Lewis, second vice
president, is to be in command. The of
ficer of the day is C. W. Mallory of Los
Gatos. The guards are: . J. C. Brown,
The other numbers on the programme
were: Piano solo. Miss Ethel. La- Brech:
recitation, fRaymond Brown: piano ¦ solo,
Miss Frances Smith; recitation, Miss Ce
celia Collings; vocal solo, Mrs. J. C.
Brown: recitation. Miss Bessie Monahan;
vocal solo, Mrs. Irvine; reading, H. . C.
Henney; . character song, ¦ Mrs. Frank
Howard; recitation. Miss Bessie Patton;
vocal solo, Mr. Nevis; recitation, Miss
Connell; recitation. Miss Minnie Cope;
reading, Miss Merrill; recitation. Miss M.
L. Hite. •
SnANTA CRUZ. Cal., June ". 27.— The •
Women's Relief Corps celebrated
I at Camp Wallace Reynolds to-day
and to-niffht the members of {his
organization had charge of the pro-,
gramme. Mrs. Ida Lewis was in the chair
and Mrs. Frisby, president : of .. the
Women's Relief Corps Home at Ever
green, was the principal speaker. Mrs.
Laura Robinson and Commander Bryant
delivered addresses.
San Jose. . .
The council of administration met this
afternoon and appointed Mrs. Ida Lewia
of San Jose second vice commander of tha
association. A surprise was sprung at
dress parade when Adjutant Briggs read
that the rules and articles of war had
been violated by Abby Shuler, Eliza
Brown >nd H. .8. Erwin. They ; were
charged with "suspending 1 our; country's
flag wrong side up with the stars below
the stripes ln-theiW. R. C. headquarters."
They were placed under arrest by the of
ficer of the day and to-morrow afternoon
are to be court-martialed. The court is to
consist of B..H. Shuler. husband- of thn
chief offender, the judge advocate: J
M. Butts, A. P. Merrill and A. M. Horton
• Mrs. Anderson Northrup of Minneapolis
to-day celebrated her eighty-third birth
day by a big dinner and social time Jn
camp.
TEACHERS APPOINTED
FOR A NORMAL SCHOOL
Trustees Select Instructors at the
Meeting Held in the Gar
. den City.
SAN JOSE, June 27.— The trustees of the
State Normal School met In regular ses
sion here to-day for the purpose of select
ing the faculty for the ensuing year.
Trustees K. C. Brown (chairman); F. C.
Jacobs, G. W. Pierce. F. H. Short. F. W.
Leavitt and State Superintendent Kirk
were present. Only two new teachers were
added to the force and one resignation
was accepted. Miss Chloe N. Daniels,
teacher of English, resigned. Miss Ger
trude. Payne was granted a year's leave
of absence. Professor C. J. C. Bennett,
who has teen In- Europe a year, was reas
signed as teacher of pedpgogy. Professor
H. L. Schemmel, who has been filling a
vacancy because of the resignation of
Mrs. Goodell, was. elected. teacher of mu
sic. A department of physical culture was
provided, and Miss Alice Bassler of this
city was elected Instructor at $1000 a year.
The trustees signed a deed by which the
city of San Jose is given a lot In the
northeast corner of the square for the
Carnegie Library.
Nevada Mining Property Sold.
GRASS VALLEY. June 27.— A telegram
from Hawthorne. Nev., states that O. A
Turner of this city has completed the
purchase of the mining properties owned
by J. F. Butler at Tonojah, the purchase
price being $338,000. Associated with
Turner Is John A. Anderson, a Philadel
phia capitalist. Of the purchase price
$50,000 has already been paid, $100,000 to
be paid in ninety days, and $186,000 before
January L The new owners will not
take possession before the first of next
year.
BANDITS DRAW PISTOLS
ANT> ROB 'I'H k SALOON
Masked Men Take Cash and Jewelry
hut Overlook a Heavy
Sank Boll. ,
REPUBLIC, Wash.. June 27.— Two
masked men entered the Fashion saloon
at midnight, covered men with. their guns
and took everything in sight, about $75
in cash and $150 in jewelry. They over
looked • a bankroll . of $300. which wai
covered with a towel. The robbers es
caped. They are believed to be residents
of Republic, • - . ¦
*
Family Thrown From Carriage.
PACIFIC GROVE. June 27.-Mrs. J. C.
Lazier of Gonzales was seriously injured
In a runaway accident on the seventeen
mile drive this afternoon. She and her
children were thrown out of a carriage
and all were hurt.' Mrs. Lazler's right
shoulder was fractured. Mrs. Lazier is
the wife of the cashier of the Bank of
Gonzales and a sister of the late Sheriff
of Monterey County, H. R. Farley, who
was killed by George Suisser last year.
The court then reviews decisions bear
ing upon the rolnt, and holds that the
law under which the proceedings prelim
inary to the bond issues were had was
superseded by the act of 1901. and the Is
sue being Incomplete at the time the
former law became null and void, the
bond is Invalid.
"It is my opinion, therefore." concludes
the court, '.'that all the proceedings for
the issue of this $2,090,000 of bonds have
become void ana that they cannot now b«
'issued or sold' under the act of February
?5, nor under any law that authorized
their Issue at the tima they were voted
by the people."
LOS ANGELES, June 27.— A- decision
was handed don-n this morning by Judge
Noyes of Uie Riverside .County Superior
Court, sitting for Judge Shaw of the Su
perior Court of Los Angeles County, de
claring the water bonds issued- by the
city of Los Angeles invalid.
The aggregate, value of the bonds is $2,
090,000, and they were issued for th© pur
chase of the Improvements of the Los An
geles City Water Company. None of the
bonds have been sold on account of the
question of their legality. The action in
volving their legality and decided this
morning by Judge Noyes was brought by
Henry D. Barrows, a taxpayer of Los An
geles, to set aside the proceedings leading
up to the issue cf the bonds. Judge Noyes
In the course of his decision said:
The proceedings leading up to the Issue of
these bonds were begun under a general latr
regulating the procedure for the issue of bonds,
but before said bonds were It-sued or sold the
Legislature passed an act entitled "an act
authorizing the Incurring of Indebtedness by
cities, towns and municipal corporations for
municipal Improvements, regulating the acqui
sition, construction and completion thereof."
This act became a law under the constitutional
provision without the Governor's approval. Feb
ruary 25. 1901, and the same Is now the law
of the State governing the Issue of bonds o!
municipal corporations. '
Had these bonds been voted, siyned. sold and
issued In accordance with the law under which
the proceedings for their issue were originally
commenced, there could, of course. b« no ques
tion as to their validity In so far as this on»
question Is concerned, but. some of the most
important proceedings are yet to b« had before
they can become available as assets of the city
for the purpose for which they were voted. The
question therefore, presents itself: Does the act
of February 2S. 1901. now control In the sale and
Issue of municipal bonds? If such be the case,
does not such act supersede the general aet
under which the said bonds were issued and
must not all proceedings be had under the act
of February 25, 1901?
Procee'dings for the Issue Made
Void by Subsequent
Law.
Decision Affecting Los
Angeles Taxpayers
Bendered. . -
WATER BONDS
ARE INVALID
Interesting Literary rrogramme and Social Merriment Enliven the
Day and Evening at the Santa Cruz Meeting;
I^ena's body was recovered late Tuesday
evening, but those of the Indians were lost
ia the quicksand and will probably never
l>e found. The Colorado River>t Needles
is now at the highest point in years. Even
at low tide It is a treacherous stream, and
many people have been lost there.
During the early part of the afternoon.
Domenlco Lena, an Italian employed by
the Santa. Fe Railway, went into the
ttream to bathe. He ventured too far
tnd was lost In a whirlpool. Several
friends saw the drowning man struggling-,
Lut they were powerless to render him
uny assistance. About the same time, one
mile further north, four Mojave Indians
met death In a similar manner.
6AX BERNARDINO. June 27.— News
%vn.s received here to-day of the tragic
death of five persons lnthe Colorado River
at Needles last Sunday.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
One Body Recovered and the
Others Engulfed in
Quicksand/
Italian and Four Indians
Are Drowned in the
Colorado.
RIVER WHIRLS
FIVE TO DEATH
Summer School Concerts Begin.
PACIFIC GROVE, June 27.— The open-
Ing concert of the third session of the Pa
cific Grove Summer School of Music was
held In the Assembly Hall in this city last
night and was one of the notable events
of the present season at this resort. The
programme, which consisted of classical
music, both vocaj and Instrumental and.
ballads, was rendered by James Hamilton
Howe, M. B.. and Miss Minnie Alice Tuck,
M. B.. pianists: Miss E. K. Holladay.
violinist, and Mrs. Mary, Weaver McCau
ley and Milton L. Lawrence, vocalists, all
of whom are members of the faculty of
the school. ¦;»,.
Continued From Page One.
WITH BRILLIANT HECOBO THE FOflTY-THfRO ARRIVES ON THE KILPATRICK
-.. v :¦¦:
• . ¦• • ¦
SANTA CRUZ, June 27!— The Supreme
Court has decided the suit of the county
of Santa Cruz against. McPherson &"Wal
dron, proprietors of the Sentinel, in favor
fft the defendants. The case is of interest
to all publishers, as, it virtually settles
the question as to the number of times a
delinquent tax list should be published.
The law states that the list must be pub
lished once a week for three consecutive
weeks.
Acting- upon the advice of attorneys, the
defendants published the list four times
in 1S95 and the bill was allowed by the
Supervisors.. Subsequently the county
brought suit to recover $1035 25 on the
ground that the publication the fourth
time was illegal and therefore an over
charge.
Judge Doollnp of Hollister sustained a
demurrer, from which the county took
an appeal. The court in Its decision sus
taining Doolins says: . „
"The action of the Board of Supervisors
in awarding a contract for the printing
of the delinquent list and in subsequently
allowing- the claim therefor under the cir
cumstances disclosed by the complaint is
conclusive ¦ of the matter and in face of
such action it cannot be said that the
money was paid to the defendants without
authority of law.
"The order of the board duly made con
stituted 'authority of law.' The Board of
Supervisors was the proper tribunal be
fore which to make objection that the
claim for printing was excessive by rea
son of fraudulent conspiracy or for any
other reason, and the board having taken
due action in the matter all objections
that might have been made to the claim
before it are precluded." ' .
Supreme Tribunal 'Passes', on
Delinquent Tax List
Affairs.
COURT DECIDES
AGAINST COUNTY
Important Case of Santa
Cruz Publishers
Settled:
WOMEN'S RELIEF CORPS PRESIDE
AT CAMP WALLACE REYNOLDS TENTS
. ¦
TUZ SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY; JUNis 2^ 1901.
2
All Regiments Will Be Mus
tered Out Next Sunday. -
The first volunteer regiment to be re
lieved of its duties in the Philippines was
the Thirty-seventh Infantry, which ar
rived here on the transport Sheridan on
February 6. A few days later the .trans
ports Mead* and Pennsylvania arrived
vrlth the Thirty-sixth Infantry and the'
Eleventh Cavalry on board. Those thr^e
regiments were organized In Manila from
soldiers discharged from the State reri
ment*s which formed the original voluii
kteer/army.
order calling for the return of the
••Junteers directed that those regiments
>^Pent to the islands should be the first
Vreturned to the States. This cau's*d
>ejay In transportation, as the regi-
Vjre scattered over the entire
Ve assembled as fast as possible
'feonie as transports became
\was a herculean task to pro
bation for twenty-five retrl
%e work was successfully
>fc the result that by July
SCENE OP THE GRAND ARMY
GATHERING DOWN AT SAN
TA CRUZ.
i^Hi^^^^iiiil m ?ff under / he ti red n T*\^r
¦ Bii'iiraSr^ I fl bIotched > greasy face don't mean hard drink-
illiilll/ ' • ¦ \ililfli ' m % aIwa Ysas much as it shows that there is
ifflilr \i!ii BILE IN THE BLOOD. It is true, drink-
HBll \ "n r- (Wfilli ing anc * over - eatin £: overloads the' stomach,
SSIH f v // T ' sn Ni- IIBS fill k ut to assist nature in regularly dis-
NHh V^^3^=^==</ IPS! ii P° sin 2 °* c partially digested lumps of food
IliSm? (^Sf 1^liiii *^ at arc c * um P ec * into the bowels and allowed
ISiEC * OTilitli t0 rot t * iere ' is w^ causes all the trouble.
Hill *¦»* *j>*&0K C" " > • wKllii CASCAR ETS will help nature help you, and
ill II * (Mkwi) ijm^ '* AMI ii wil1 kcep the s y stem f rom * Mtog with poisons,
||pW\ '*; s^ZiTy 4 Ji^m- ¦ t n out *^ e sores t * iat te^ °* e s y s ~
Wr V C •< ?>. JJ stem's rottenness. . Bloated by bile the figure
i \\ JS^!*.",* '.''*' // ' y becomes unshapely, the breath foul, eyes and
i \. *SR I s^ n yellow; in fact the whole body kind of
I -^^' '*. i fills up .with filth. Every time you neglect to
-.bL '«*.". . .• £ help nature you lay the foundation for just
sucn trouDies. L>AoLJU\iiio will carry the
,} . ¦¦;-- ; / / poisons out of the system and will regulate
you natur ally and easily and without gripe or pain. Start to-night^one tablet— keep it up for
. a weekend help the liver dean up the bowels, and you will feef right, your blood will be rich,
face look dean, eyes bright. Get a 50c box of CASCARETS, take as directed. If you are not
cured or satisfied you get your money back. Bile bloat is quickly and permanently
VfiSTjtiSgtijv ' - £^9r
ALL DRUGGISTS. m ®B^&M#>«MMw JH Mn£^ sm^ ae^^ f -, gQ^ BULK.
¦ftlBRsT ?" bowel troubles, appendicitis, bll- #%¦¦ R Pi n RB«3 a B?*iP»f% tocitrei n-r**.... ._
fi 1 1 K §- I ° U1 » 1 ? O "« bad breath. Cad blood, Wind P i 1 fH I ft fiJ . ll .«™ aV.t^»x Jr EsjTcaIE
U U SI L on "V s • to ™*«*»' bloated bowels, foul l« 1 § £1 K SI I« I Pfll KTS wl. .?id. xZW it^
« i VI !f" m . on «V headache, indigestion, pimple., U U flfi Sfill « 1 BaLU •«'••« minioa *•!«¦ *
r Vain* after eating, liver trouble, sallow complexion nT.di.fJ. iZ «T ia y tS£i .«'••*••• «»•» «ay
,[ and dizziness, vi hen your bowels don't move reffu- S?«fSi2t2 l 2!d J^^ttaStlJuST ?«M^%ffi 1 3J >r Tf-
?tnJ?lt «»an «H otfier diseases together. It is a mo» e yr e f,«uded. «• buy t<Him T . twafiOeboMs. c»Vo thZmZ.
??%*?? for tne chronic aliments and long years of *»«•'' B » u l«* « pl *>f «*• perBiBBpie directions, and if yon ir»
Buffering that come, afterwards. ' Tio matter what 2 ot ¦ at i"/l ed » * ft 5 r »•»•«* «ae60o box, return th* nansedfioo
OF THE—
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
- OF THE
Connecticut Mutual
i LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY
OF HARTFORD, la the State of Connecticut,
on the Slat day of December, A. D. 13C0t
and for the year ending on that day; mads to
the Insurance Commissioner of the State of
r"allfornia. pursuant to the requirements ef see-
tl-n eu of tne Political Cod« of said State.
... . ASSETS. .. '.... ./¦
Net value of real estate owned by
th- company ..J12.0S4.3M 4T
Amount of loons secured by bond -
and mortgage on real estate 28.469,473 N
Amount of loans secured by pledgo
of bonds, stocks or other market-
able securities as collateral 2,100 DO
Premium note* and loans In any
form taken In payment of pre-
mium* on policies now In forest^.. ' 753,561 90
Cash market value of all stocks and •
bonds owned by the company 23,523,810 30
Amount of cash deposited In banks 828,974 CO
Interest due and accrued... 980,591 13
Rents due and accrued 21.24S 05
Net amount of premiums In process
of collection, and of deferred
premiums 322.521 33 -
Total assets $64.963476 13
LIABILITIES. ~~ ~~~~
Claims for death losses and matured
endowments, due and unpaid...... $ 33.143 55
Claims for death losses and matured
endowments in process of adjust-
ment, or adjusted but not due 173.894 00
Claims resisted by the company.... 33.211 33
Net present value of all the out-
standing policies, computed ac-
cording to the combined experience
tables of mortality, with four per
cent Interest 5C.321.159 00
Amount of all unpaid dividends to
policy holders I S7?,9«8 IS
All other liabilities 227.448 73
.Total liabilities ..'.... .157.773,827 71
INCOME.
Cash received for premiums on new ¦
policies during the year $ 412.5C4 61
Cash received for renewal of pre-
miums during the year 4,849.847 31
Cash received for sale of annuities 23.913 44
Cash received for Interest 2,553,197 "S
Cash received for rents 407.481 19
Cash received from all other sources 793 CO
Total Income $ 8.047.53S 33
EXPENDITURES. '
Cash paid for losses and matured
endowments $ 4. SIS. 333 in
Cash paid to annuitants 3.003 73
Paid for surrendered policies 849,445 99
Paid for dividends to policy holders 1,305,43!) 2%
Commissions paid to agents 390.479 87
Salaries and other compensation of
officers and employes, except
agents and medical examiners 158,588 31 %
Salaries and traveling expenses of
managers of agencies 35.249 SO
Medical examiners' fees and salaries 33,913 23
Cash paid for taxes 332.099 69
Ca«h paid for rents : s,jo7 3;
All other cash payments 412.870 83
Total expenditures during the
year $ 8,035,332 3?
PREMTDM-NOTE ACCOTOt!
Premium notes and other
premium obligations at ' ¦ ¦' •
beginning of the year.. $529,943 23 ' " •
Premium notes and other
premium . obligations re- ¦•»',-
ceived during- tha year.. 793 CO
Total SS30.7aa
Deductions durln* the year, as fol- — — —
Iowa:
Amount of notes and other
: premium obligations used
* In payment of losses and
-claims $13,27113
Amount of notes and other
premium obligations used
¦ in purchase of surren-
: tiered policies 5,133 87
Amount of notes- and other
> premium obligations used
i. in payment of dividends
to policy holders 30,308 43
Amount of notes and other ¦ ¦ '. . .
premium obligations void-
ed by lapse of policies.... 1.123 00
Amount of nates and other
¦ premium obligations re-
| ' deemed by maker In cash 11,932 SO .
Total reduction of premium-note
account $ CS.STW 33
Balance, note assets at end of the
year i 1783.861 >0
JACOB L. GREENE. President.
HERBERT H. "WHITE. Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 13th
day of February, 1901. NATHAN F. PECK.
» Notary Public.
A. K. P.~~HARMON,
"DISTRICT SUPERINTENDENT
Pacific Coast Agencies-
F R. NOYES. General Agent,
MILLS BUILDING,-
San Francisco, Cal. , -¦,
DR. CROSSMAN'S SPECIFIC MIXTURE
For th* cur* of GONORRHEA. GLEETS.
STRICTURES- and analogous complaint* of the
Organs of Generation. . . : .. . .. ...;. .
Prlco H a bottle, For tsis by drosgUt*.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Intense
Suffering
From Dyspepsia and Stomach Trouble.
Instantly Relieved and Permanently Cured
by Stuart's Dyspepsia
;-> :; > ' Tablets.
A New DiwoTsry. tat Not a Pattnt Xediclnt.
"Dr. Redwell relates an interesting ac-
count of what he considers a remarkable
case of acute stomach trouble and chronic
dyspepsia by the use of the new discov-
ery, Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets.
He says: "Th« patient was a man who
had suffered, to my knowledge, for years
with dyspepsia. Everything he ate seemed
to sour and create gases in the stomach,
tie had pains like rheumatism in the
back, shoulder blades and limbs, fullness
and distress after eating, poor appetita
.and loss of flesh; the heart became affect-
ed, causing palpitation and sleeplessness
at night.
"I gave him powerful nerve tonics and
blood remedies, but to no purpose. As an
experiment I finally bought a 50-cent
package of Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets at
a drug store and gave them to him. Al-
most immediate relief was given and af-
ter he had used four boxes he was to all
appearance* fully cured.
' "There was no more acidity or sour,
watery risings, no bloating alter meals,
the appetite was vigorous and he has
gained between 10 and 12 pounds lm weight
of solid, healthy flesh.
"Although Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets
are advertised and seld in drag stores, yet
I consider them a most valuable addition
to any physician's line of remedies. 83
they are perfectly harmless and can be
given to children or Invalids or in any
condition of the stomach with perfect
safety, being harmless and containing
nothing but fruit and vegetable essences
pure pepsin and Golden Seal.
"Without any qestion they are the
safest, most effective cure for indigestion,
biliousness, constipation and all derange-
ments of the stomach, however slight or
severe."
ADVERTISEMENTS.The murder of Mrs. Castle and the
subsequent trials of her slayer -were
events that have aroused .sensational ac
tion on the part of the women of Kansas.
Recently, during the first trial, an indig
nation meeting was held and the women
present openly advocated lynching Miss
Morrison If the jury failed to "convict her
of murder in the first degrree. However,
tsa L DORADO, Kans., June 27.— Jes-
sie Morrison was found guilty of
manslaughter in the second degree
this afternoon for the murder
of Mrs, Olin Castle. The penalty
Is not more than five years, or less than
three years In the penitentiary. One of
Miss Morrison's lawyers immediately Hied
a notice of appeal. Jessie Morrison was
taken to her old cell in the County Jail
and locked in. The Jury wrangled for
nearly thirty hours over the verdict. It is
said that one juror held out obstinately
for acquittal.
MISS JESSIE MORRISON, THE SLATER OF MRS. .OL.IN CASTLE,
WHOSE SECOND TRIAL HAS RESULTED IN HER CONVICTION OF
MANSLAUGHTER IN THE SECOND DEGREE.
; Keep ; a copy of all " letters. , , No press,
no water, no brush, no i work." ." Any ' Ink,
anjrpen, any paper. We are selling agents
for the complete . line. ¦:, Sanborn, Vail ¦ &
Co., -741 Market- street. . ; V
Pen Carbon Letter. Books.
WASHINGTON- GOSSIP
CONNECTS THEIR NAMES
Society A-wuits Announcement of En
gagement of Miss Helen Hay
and Payne Whitney." Y;':
'NEW YORK, June 27.— For some; time
past there have been rumors in Washing
ton arid ; New .York society that , the en
gagement would be announced before>long
of Miss Helen Hay, daughter of John Hay,
Secretary of State, and Payne Whitney,
son of William C. Whitney. .
¦ : Among the friends' of both families the
rumor has been one of , pleasant and kind
ly gossip/both of the young people being
very popular . here and 'at ¦ the national
capital. The connection of their I names
In- this way has been made with only the
pleasantest words of that' /satisfaction
which- society r gives to a current report
that meets • with its hearty approval, ¦ as
being -a match that seems to be a most
excellent one. -•• ; " • .:¦-:/¦ : , : -
AMERICAN WHEAT
TO RULE WORLD
Special Dispatch to Th« CalL
CHICAGO. June 27.— In 1M0 France inn
ported only 16,152,000 bushels of wheat- Of
this amount the United States supplied
less than 1,500,000 bus*hels, but exports
from Argentine Republic were nearly
double those of former years. Russia "also
had a good crop and exports were heavy.
This year It is estimated that Russia will
export less than In 1900, and Argentine
20,000,000 bushels less.
That being true, the United States will
probably supply the bulk of France's
wheat deficit. Jt is hard to approximate
the cost and profit of such a movement.
In 1&00 the average export price for the
United States crop was 72 cents a bushel,
but the total crop of this country amount
ed to only 522.229,505 bushels. This year
the estimates are that the total crop of
this country will be 700,000,000. Granting
that the increased demand abroad win
maintain the price at 72 cents, the bill for
supplying the total French, wheat deficit
¦would be $25,923,000, asuming the amount
of that deficit to be 36,000,000 bushels. Just
what exact amount the United States will
supply it is impossible to estimate cor
rectly.
F. G. Ix)gan, head of one of the largest
commission houses in Chicago, said to
night:
"Estimates which I have obtained place
the figures as high as G0,000,000 bushels.
Only the United States can supply this
deficit. The winter crop of wheat is now
made, and the prospects for the spring
crop are excellent. A conservative esti
mate places our yield fcr the year at
750 OOO.WX) buahels. The average for recent
vears was only 500.000,000 bushels. This
country yearly exports 200,000,000 bushels
of wheat. It Is easy to see, therefore,
that we can supply France's deficit with
out feeling It. Russia's yield of wheat
has been declining durin*" the last few
vears, and the same may be said with re
gard to certain countries of South.Amer
ica. Confcequently the prospect for the
United States to come to the front and
assert her commercial and agricultural su
premacy was never better than It is now."
BOERS CAPTURE
FIVE SANGAR5
Special Dlsnatch to The. Call.
CAPE TOWN, June 27.— Boer invaders,
under Malan and Smit, about 3000 strong,
attacked Richmond early Tuesday morn
ing. The town was defended by a de
tachment of the North Staffordshire Mi
litia under Captain Hawkshaw and ths
town guard.. Three sangars outside the
town were captured by the Boers, the
garrison being distributed principally at
the Jail fort and the Flagstaff Hill fort.
Owing to the capture of the sangars,' the
Flagstaff Hill fort was exposed to a
heavy fire.
Three times during the day Command
ant Malan sent messengers demanding
the surrender of the town, and each time
the demand was refused. The Boers took
advantage of an opportunity during the
cessation of the hostilities to better their
posltigns and on the last occasion when
the messenger was sent In a party of
burghers entered the town and effected
the capture of the sangar In the market
square. Not a shot was fired on account
of the white flag carried by the mes
senger.
The Boers, who were now only 200 yards
from the Jail fort, were securely covered
and directed a continuous flre for two
hours upon the defenders, who stoutly
held their position. Finding it imposslb'e
to capture the jail fort, the Boers turned
their attention to another sangar in the
town, held by eight men. These eight
men, after having held the position *oi
eleven hours, surrendered at 5 o'clock in
the afternoon. . . • ¦
After dark the British garrison
strengthened the fortifications, as they
anticipated a renewal or the attack in the
morning. During the night, however, the
Boers learned that relief was approach
ing for the besieged men and, withdrew.
They captured twelve horses and looted
the stores.-
The engagement lasted twelve hour;-.
The Boer loss is reported as five men
killed and seven wounded. The British
casualties are not given. On Wednesday
morning Colonel Lunds, with the relieving
column, entered the town.
I am of the opinion that the property cap
tured on the land was not intended to be made
a maritime prize, and that It Is excluded by
the tej-ms of the act from which the right is
sought to be derived, and that the libellant Is
not entitled to an adjudication In prize of the
appraised value of such property appropriated
by the United States. This renders unnecessary
the consideration of the effect of . the treaty
with Spain upon the rights of • the libellant.
The next question ¦ is whether the libellant is
entitled to the condemnation in prize of the
value of the property taken from the vessels
sunk or otherwise destroyed. It is objected
that inasmuch as the libellant has received
bounty for the destruction of these vessels he
is not entitled as prize for the -property taken
from them; that bounty la a substitute for the
prize itself, something given, "in lieu of it."
Bounty Is not an equivalent for prize." There
is, therefore, / no reason / arising out of the
amount paid as bounty that would Justify the
claim that, in fairness such reward should be
exclusive. I find nothing to prohibit the con
demnation In prize of : the ' property captured
or. taken from the ships sunk or destroyed, In
addition to- the bounty paid for the destruction
of the ship, and I am of opinion that It
should be 1 allowed. . . -. '. ** . ..• . .
That Rear Admiral Sampson and the of
ficers and men under his command are en
titled to one-half the value of the Infanta
Maria Teresa,' which was raised and sub
sequently abandoned; the Reina Mercedes,
Sandoval and Alvarado and the' muni
tions of war and the other property taken
from the vessels they destroyed.
The court declared that the property
captured on the land by the naval force
operating from the sea Is not a lawful
prize. This point has never been passed
upon by the Supreme Court, and an ap
peal may be taken. On this point Judge
Bradley says:
That Admiral Dewey 'and the offlcers
and men under his' command are entitled
to one-half the value of all the vessels
sunk in the battle of Manila Bay and sub
sequently raised; of the guns, the mu
nitions of war and, other property taken
from the Spanish vesels which were sunk
in the engagement. . They are not entitled,
however, to prize money for the property
captured on the shore or for the cascos
and other harbor vessels taken subsequent
to the engagement. ' . ;v;
This is the decision of Judge Bradley
of the Equity Court of the District of Co
lumbia. Briefly, the court held: **
CAL.L. BUREAU, 1406 G STREET, N.
W., "WASHINGTON, June 27.— Besides re
ceiving bounties for the destruction of the
fleets of Admirals Montejo and Cervera at
Manila and Santiago, Admiral Dewey and
Rear Admiral Sampson and the offlcers
and men under their respective command
ers will be allowed prize money. ¦ /
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CREWS ENTITLED
TO PRIZE MONEY
'Resources — Loans and dlscouifts, $3 599 453 97-
United States bonds . to secure circulation and
deposits, . ?r>50,000; premiums. $21,474 14; ¦ stocks
and ¦ securities, $121,625 83; banking house, $4000;
duo ' from banks, .-'¦ $455,821 86 ;. cash ¦• and ex
changes.-$405,044 28: 5 per cent - United States
redemption- funds. \. $17,150. Total. $5,165,590 13.
i , Liabilltles^-Capltal stock, $500,000; surplus,
$150, 0M; profit and loss account." $87,794; circu
lation. '¦¦ $300, 000; ' deposits.; $4,127,786 12. Total,
$5,165,580 12....
I Comptroller Dawes. says . there is no
possibility of the Government losing any
thing.by'the closing' of < the: Seventh 1 Na
tional, in the: first place, the. bonds which"
the bank has on deposit; at, the
Department: more {than :cover >: the. Gov
ernment-deposits in the bank, and in ad
dltlon.the courts. have held that the Gov
ernment always Is a preferred creditor in
the ' sense- that • It; has . an equal" chance : on
the assets, which remain, irrespective ut
the fact that it ; has the ' collateral.?,* ¦ •;
The following r statement \ot liabilities
and resources waa given to-night at the
bank: ••.'¦ ' ; «
WASHINGTON, -June,: 27.— Postmaster
Van Cott of New.Yorkhas been instruct
ed to deposit the money order,, funds for
the presentMn the sub-treasury ¦ at New
York -and a new depository to take the
placeof the suspended bank will.be'deter
mined on by the Postmaster General in n
few days. The v postmaster' is- not per
mitted to tet the money order balance in
the bank exceed $300,000, -and Tin compli
ance with the requirements he forwarded
to 'the.t-Treasury^last Tuesday $110,000 ex
cess. ; ¦' "¦"¦ ;, ..' -/ -'".- ¦' \ ¦' • ¦ . ¦•
Government Is Secured.
During the afternoon an Informal meet
ing, of directors of Important banks was
held at a downtown -club and the suspen
sion of the Seventh National and its rela
tions with other financial institutions 'was
thoroughly discussed. A tacit-understand
ing that all Interests should be protected
was arrived at. ' .'.>'¦.- •
Edward Thomas, president of the Seventh
National Bank, stated that the difficulties of
the bank were due solely to the making- by the
previous executive officers of large advances to
Marquand & Co., and that the security thereon
was of an unmarketable character, although of
considerable intrinsic value. That upon the
urgent application of the board, he and his as
sociate, Edwin II. Gould, had furnished finan
cial assistance . upon adequate securities and
upon the assurance that the obligations of Mar
quand & - Co. would be made good by this
morning. That the firm named had however
failed to fulfill expectations and while he and
Mr. Gould and some of the directors were will
ing to furnish further financial aid, It was not
deemed by them, as Just either to the deposi
tors, stockholders or the public to invite de
posits and credits until the affairs of the batik
were again' placed upon an absolutely safe ba
sis. That for this purpose reasonable time was
necessary, and to prevent' unfaiir i preference or
advantages, the board determined, with the ad
vice of counsel, to suspend operations for the
present.
The Associated Press issued no such
bulletin nor carried any such bulletin Jike
it in statement or purport.
William Nelson Cromwell, special coun
sel for the bank, gave out the following
statement from President Thomas and
added that he was engaged in preparing a
plan for reorganization of the affairs of
the bank, and that it was believed that
a satisfactory plan would be presented at
an early date:
The Evening Journal In its Issue marked
"special" to-day prints a statement in
connection with the Seventh National
Bank affair thus: — • • • > •
"The Associated Press issued a bulletin'
which was published in the Evening Jour
nal. It said that bankers were blaming
the administration '.. for neglecting to ex
amine the Seventh National. Favoritism
because of the political friendship of
Perry S. Heath, the dominant director,
was charged."
Alleged Story of Favoritism.
For two days under the watchful eyes
of President Tappan, chairman of the
Clearing-house Committee, all exchanges
have been made. On Tuesday the bank
was saved by President Thomas, who
paid a debit- balance of $953,000, and on
Wednesday by Edwin Gould** who drew
his personal check for $224,000 for the same
purpose. To-day the bank had a debit of
$644.108 95. due to the withdrawal .of de
posits of out of town banks, and after
consultation the directors informed the
Clearing-house they had decided to sus
pend.
The Marquand loan was incurred within
the period of a. month, and is secured by
collateral of which one bank president
said to-day: "I would not be found dead
with such collateral in my, bank."
The loan is secured among other things
by some $G00,000 or $700,000' of bonds of
the Pittsburg, Shawmut and' Northern
road and "sweetened" with Hackensack
Land and Improvement Company securi
ties, stock of the Marquand building in
Broadway and stocks and bonds of the
Gas and Electric Company of Bergen
County, New Jersey.
Financiers thought otherwise. It was
an open secret that the Clearing-house
committee had examined the bank's col
lateral and after examining it had refused
to render assistance, which has never be
fore been' withheld from a bank -which
was simply unfortunate. Besides that It
was known that when Mr. Thomas bought
hi3 way to the presidency of the institu
tion the enormous amount he advanced,
$983,000, went to meet a Clearing-house
debt balance and did not alter the'status
of the Marquand loan. • - ....... .
Mr. Thomas has achieved his ambition
to become a bank president, but at a
heavy cost. Rumors were afloat that he
had pone to the bank's assistance with
out- consulting his father,, General Sjim
uel Thomas. It was the expected which
happened in Wall street to-day when the
failure was announced. The general pub
lic did not appreciate t;ie situation, • and
was misled by the reassuring statement
of the officials, who asserted that every
thing had been arranged for the protec
tion of the bank. . N
Thomas' Costly Ambition.
& Co. of ?1,600,000 was the cause of the
failure. That firm weathered the storm
again to-day. The burden of the failure
is placed by President Thomas on former
executive officers, and Washington * dis
patches attributed the blame to William
H. Kimball, former president of the bank.'
About three iRonths ago the saf a in the
Sotoyome House in Healdsburgr waa
opened and money was taken from If. It
la thought • by some that this caused
Reed's arrest. It is rumored to-night
that a reward of $1600 Is offered for the
man's capture. Sheriff Grace does not
entirely deny this story, but seeks to cre
ate an impression that the case is not im
portant.
SANTA ROSA, June 27.— Jesse Reed was
arrested to-day in San Francisco by Sher
iff Frank P. Grace on a wararnt sworn
to in Justice Brown's court charging him
with burglary.- It is reported that this
warrant is to hold him until Sheriff
Grace gets further information of a mur
der committed somewhere in the East.
The Sheriff will not talk about the case
further than to say he arrested the man
on a warrant. He admits- that Reed came
from the East recently.
Jesse Seed Arrested in This City and
Sheriff Will Hot Discuss
the Case.
I MYSTERY SUilEOITNDS
. SANTA ROSA PRISONER
The resolution also instructs the chair
man of the meeting to appoint a commit
tee to "conduct the contest and confer
with all organized friends of reform. In
completing an independent ticket."
The resolutions adopted by the meeting
pay a tribute to Mr. Rothermell for hia
fidelity and integrity and formally nom
inate him as a candidate for District At
torney to succeed himself.
He closed by saying the battle -was not
one of party, but on© of self-preservation
and against organized crime, a corrupt
ballot, a looting of the public treasury.
i Former District Attorney O. D. Gra
ham, who served eighteen years Jn that
office, followed McClure. He strongly
urged the citizens to stand united, and he
felt confident that the "patient and suf
fering public will rise and annihilate the
robber crew and give back to the people
the civil government."
Colonel McClure told how the street
railway bills were rushed through, the
Legislature and how !the Governor had
signed them at a "convenient hour so that
the gang's representatives could be first
at the door the next morning to get char
ters."
their associates. They are committing
public robbery by criminal conspiracy."
McCluro did not mince words, and his ar
raignment of the whole Republican or
ganization, both city and State, was ex
tremely severe. District Attorney Roth
ermell. he said, -was nominated by the
Republican ¦ organization three years ago
and elected. Now. this same organization,
controlled by the same men, refuse him
another term. They have named a man,
he continued, who Is untried and an un
known quantity. Mr. Rothermell sent to
prison ballot box thieves, the masters of
whom are the political leaders of the city
to-day. He had also made It so uncom
fortable for others of the same stripe that
they were living in distant lands and can
not come home until Rothermell is out
of office. That was the reason, he said,
why Mr. Rothermell was not named.
Colonel McClure then told of Mr. Weav
er's unknown quantities and said:
"Mr. Weaver has been nominated by
these men because they have been either
assured or resonably believe that he will
prosecute or not prosecute crime as their
Interests might demand. The issue has
been intensified by the- most bewildering
public robbery ever witnessed in the
State, and the men most interested are
Mayor Ashbrldge, Insurance Commis
sioner Durham, Contractor McMchol and
Colonel McClure t the Retired Editor, Makes a Sensational Speech at
; the Inauguration of a Fierce Political Wan %
| MARYSVILLE, June 27.— The members
of the Congressional Rivers and Harbors
Committee, who arrived here last evening,
were taken in carriages -to-day by the cit
izens to Smartsvllle. on the Tuba River,
and back as far as Deguerre . Point, the
site of the proposed Government dam and
barriers. At Deguerre Point a banquet
was served beneath oak trees. The ladles
of the party • were entertained by ladles
cf the city. There were carria'ge drives
about the town and county and a banquet
at the residence of N. D. RIdeout. To
night a public reception was held In Cor
tez square, which was beautifully Illu
minated with Japanese lanterns and elec
tric lights.^ *
Members of the Rivers and Harbor3
Committee See Site, of Proposed
MAEYSVILLE RECEIVES
VISTl'LCTO OONQBESSMEN
the chorus-girl Is'nt necessarily light
hearted because she sings at her work.
PHILADELPHIA, ¦ June 27.— What
promises to be a fierce local political war
was begun at the Academy of Music : to
night, when 5000 ¦ citizens In town meeting
named District Attorney P. F. Rothermell
Jr. to be a candidate for the office of Dis
trict, Attorney, against the candidacy of
John "Weaver, who was nominated for
that office last week by the Republican
organization of this city. The speakers
of the evening, severely arraigned the
present city administration and the State
officials. . ' ¦•->
A telegram | from Postmaster General
Charles Emory Smith was read. and was
enthusiastically ¦ cheered." It was 'as fol
lows: . . '-. .. '
;. "You can use my .name . as a vice presi
dent. It is time for a new declaration of
Independence. .'Philadelphia; ought to rise
in her. irilght against- Jobbers in her pub
lic rights and the ravishing of her sacrtd
safeguards of law." : ,
TWO OFFICIALS LEAVE ..
.','. .¦ PRUNE MEWS COMBINi:
The principal speech of the evening was
that of.Colonel A. IC. McCIure, the retired
editor of the -Philadelphia Times. Mr.
President Bond' and Vice President
. Meek Tender Resignations to
: the Association^
SAN JOSE, June . 27.— President II. .' Of
Bond and Vice President H. W. Meek of
the: California Cured Fruit Association
tendered their resignations as officials of
the prune men's combine at a meeting of
the directors this morning. This comes
as a surprise to the growers, although
Judge Bond declares he has contemplated
the^step for some time on account of ill
health, and' only waited until he saw the
association . in good working ' order. As
soon as this was acted upon Vice Presi
dent Meek tendered his resignation, which
he said was from a r pressure of private
business. Meek will . still retain the posi
tion of director.
L. F. Graham; a' member of, the board,
was elected vice president, and he will act
as president until Judge Bond.s suc
cessor is elected.
CHARGES PUBLIC OFFICIALS
WITH CRIMINAL CONSPIRACY
JESSIE MORRISON IS CONVICTED
OF SECOND-DEGREE MANSLAUGHTER
Jury Compromises on a Verdict in the Second -Trial of the Young
Woman Who Killed Her Rival With a Razor. ,
BANK DIRECTOR
UNDER ARREST
Public Prosecutor After
. Officials of Insolvent
Institution.
Prosecutions Will Soon
. - Follow.
General Belief That 'Other
-. LEIPZIG, June 27. — Hefr • Exner, . direc
tor ' of the Leipzlger Bank,' which sus
pended payment- Tuesday, June 25, has
been arrested. The Public Prosecutor Is
investigating the affairs of the bank. ; .
' BERLIN, June 27.— It turns out that the
report of the Leipzig Bank published-yes
terday was misleading. Reliable informa
tion shows that the sum • of 111,000,000
marks, which forms J the bulk- of the as-,
sets, includes 87,000,000 marks loaned to
the Cassel Trebor-Trocknung - Company,
of which only a small part can be realized
upon. . " . ¦- ' -
The Taeeblatt to-day says the Lelpzlger
Bank quite recently advanced , another
15,0C0,0C0 marks . to the Cassel . Trebor-
Trocknung Company, after it was known
that the latter was insolvent. r ¦ -
Representatives, of -the leading banks of
Berlin say there is no doubt that all the
stock of the Leipzlger Bank and its re
serve, amounting to 63,000,000 -marks, are
lost."- The Dresden and Leipzig Bourse re
fuses to handle the Leipziger Bank stock.
The policy of the Leipziger Bank's board
of directors has for years been . such as
to lead to the belief that other arrests on
,the charge of culpable. negligence will fol
low: the taking Into custody of Herr-Ex
ner. The members of the board of direc
tors include some of Leipzig's 'wealthiest
citizens. .-¦:..
The Berlin, Leipzig and Dresden morn
ing papers express -the highest indigna
tion at the conduct of the Leipziger Bank
directors and demand a searching investi
gation. The Vossische Zeitung editorially
says: ? . -.
"In view of the whole series- of recent
failures it is evident that the present Ger
man system of boards of directors or trus
tees urgently requires reforming or abol
ishing, the latter preferred." -^ - ; '
Continued From Page One.
BAD PAPER CAUSES BANKTO SUSPEND
THE SAN - FEtANQlSCO CAIX, FRIDAY, ;JDNE ; 28, 1901;
3
Miss Morrison Is the daughter, of a not
ed Kansas jurist, and Judge Morrison and
his friends wielded great influence In the
battle to save the life' of the defendant.
That their influence had weight is shown
by the verdict. - ¦",.¦
, Jessie Morrison and Olln Castle worked
in the same store', and became betrothed.
When the engagement was broken Miss
Morrison did all- In her- power to , prevent
Castle's marriage to her rival. • Several
months after Castle's marriage she visit
ed Mrs. Castle, and a fierce quarrel fol
lowed. During a hand-to-hand encounter
Miss Morrison cut Mrs. Castle's throat
with a razor. Since the death of Mrs.
Castle Miss Morrison has claimed that
she acted in self-defense. '
the Jury failed to agrree on a verdict, and
soon after Miss Morrison was released on
ball. - . > - ' ;¦- .
« They are good, well-made, i(^fc
stylishly cut suits, too, made *Jli|L
by union labor in our cus- y~^%
tomary carelu! manner. j&\j@3^
;| They are taken from our /^^^^\
|| regular stock, where they were
I sejling.for$8.5o, $io
iff and trousers, we' reduced the
§8 'suits as below noted. \ wW§§l^^m
'||||j|j . Our reasons for making spe-
| If 1(1 jj J c^ a l reduced prices were to
plf ||' make June a busy month for viil
1 1 III us, even if profits are measur-
If tfj We guarantee every garment-:— money *m\
M\ l|p back if you want it. A year's repairing Wm
s M U& free if you keep the clothes.
If See the goods and see for yourself iil*I^^*
H that the-pnees are reduced as we say. W^ \
Suits Overcoats Trousers
Sack suits in cheviots oi The overcoats are coverts Worsted trousers in swell
light patterns and blue serges in three stylish shades of patterns of checks and stripes;
in fall and summer weights; tan, brown and olive; the sizes from 30 to 44 waist and
sizes to fit everybody', even price formerly v was $10.00; up to 36 length; good for
the short and stout ; prices re- every one of the overcoats in wear with coat and vest of
duced from* $8.50, $10.00 and this lot has been marked darker color; reduced from
$1.2.50 to . down to $3.00 to * \-
; $6.65 ;¦ $6.65 : i $1.85 * "
Saturday night ends the Adler sale
« ! j*||j|t«. Our sale of E.J. Adler & Co/s clothing for children will end
' (geu^z^ to-morrow night after a most successful run. Many mothers have
- jT"** (£4 purchased and just as many were pleased "beyond measure."
¦\/^7 They realized that they were saving considerable— in fact paying,
but half -the usual prices. There is a fair assortment left — by all
'¦J}0M^rWt iwlNjTN means buy if your boy needs a suit — perhaps it will be best to
-A fdwfij Mk i ijj I ifsj^A To-morrow night closes the sale. Here is what you get:
|lmjyl!j|| njil^^l^ Lot No. 1 contains Lot No. 2 com- Lot 3 represents
suits worth ¦ $4.00 prises suits worth suits worth $7.00
and $5.00, which will $5.50 and $6.50, and $8.50, which are
' ; l> PrllllSI!!i''' k e s °ld f° r ' which will go for ' marked to sell at '• . :
' ZwRc ¦' ' $s.95 >;¦ $2.95 ¦ ¦¦¦¦-$3.95 1
'fl^^^^tla y° n are not sa ti s fi e( l with the suit— satisfied that the
S Wjj& value is all we claim it to be — return it and get your money back.
- / . \Bffi Exchanges cheerfully made.
I . |h} • Children's .wash suits, 3.*>c up. Rough Rider suits, ages 3 to. 10.
¦ : I «»¦••'.'¦• " Children's tourist suits, ages 4 to 10, each
' :? JP^ISV Motto' Friend Shir. Waists, collars
$ppv/ ' / 9i;3O. . . attached or separate, 5Oc and 75c.
Box of fireworks free with every boy's suit up to July 4th.
A glance at our win- • I A l/jf^ 3^ pal >TVy Out-of-town* orders
dows will al^ ays %^|i ii if i JCi I! Hra«' fllled * Writ9 us for
liliSSiilii vJ!N~~^r~~r n £«
iniskingfe ;.; -- : i. ; 718 .Marketf Street. hats.
Sgjj All over the world Schlitz beer is known and is the standard. W&M
w« In Vladivostock, Pretoria, Shanghai, Singapore, Bombay, Cairo {feTf;
ifha an(^ C° nstan u" n0 Pl e it is the beer of civilization. rV^I
ayll Schlitz beer has won the world's markets by its reputation for igfj&eG
P§S purity, maintained for half a century. Wherever white men live }&?£*
|£§1 Schlitz beer is acknowledged the pure beer. Our pledge to you PgV$
f&Pl and our pledge to all nations is that never will a bottle of Schlitz Braf
w'/Vl beer go out until we have insured its purity; never a bottle |W/?
p»*ttf Schlitz beer, wherever you find it, is healthful; it is 11*11
M WORLD - FAMOUS B
t3*V& ' and has made Milwaukee fameua Br38
Wjvjj 'Phone Mdn 447, Sherwood & Sherwood, 212-14 Market St., San Francisco. |»M. Farrell of the Dolphins in a skiff and
Stanley Adderley, formerly of the Tritons,
but now of the Dolphins, also in an out
rigged skiff. Stanley Adderley won the
junior outrigged skiff championship two
years ago at El Carapo, but this year he
is rowing in the Dolphin junior barge
crew. Alex W. Pape will pull in the shell
which Al Rogers built for him last year.
He Is staying at the boathouse on Lake
Merritt and goes out daily for practice.
:¦ The: Alameda oarsmen expect to see the
junior outrigged skiff championship cap
tured by W. G. Hansen, who is a tried
and seasoned oarsman, having been vice
president of the Alameda Boating Club in
,1897, and.- 189S .-and. -captain in. 1899. -He is
from the foot of Third street. If the crew
succeeds in winning the junior champlon
1 ship it will try for, honors in the interme
diate class also in'. the regatta on Lake
Merritt. ¦ , , . . ¦
..ONE OF THE MOST LIKELY CREWS * FOR THE JUNIOR BARGD* CHAM
; PIONSHIP" IN THE FOURTH OF JULY REGATTA AND SOME OF THE
SINGLE SCULLERS WHO SEEK DISTINCTION.
"We have by far the'-largest assortment
of playing cards, poker chips, dice, game
counters and tally cards in this city.
Prices right on every style of backs and
we have them all. Sanborn, Vail & Co.,
741 Market street. •
Playing Cards and Poker Chips.
Mr. Herreshoff Jr.'s yacht the Nevada
beat her rival, the Tutty, by twelve min
utes and forty seconds.
The Shamrock I beat the Kariad by four
minutes in the first round, 14% miles, and
won by thirty minutes and eighteen sec
onds. : . -
GI*ASGOW, June 27.— Shamrock II is
expected to* arrive at New York about
August 15.
The cup challenger took a sail-stretch
ing spin to-day, while the former chal
lenger, the Shamrock I, and the Kariad
were sailing a match race of forty-three
miles. It was an ideal day for the pur
pose. The sun was shining and a light
wind was blowing. The challenger car
ried only her lower canvas and towed a
small boat. Captain Sycamore seemed to
avoid anything in the nature of a trial of
speed, but during a couple of tacks the
challenger found herself going in the
same direction as the Kariad and over
hauled the latter in a remarkable manner.
The new mainsail of the Shamrock II set
to perfection. Her immense pole mast
when clothed has a most imposing ap
pearance.
the -Middle of Next
August.
Expected to Arrive to. New York ty
SHATVTROCg H PROVES
TO BE A GOOD BOAT
Fournier has averaged 45 miles an l\our,
exclusive of stops. A tire on Foxhall
Keene's ear burst while the machine was
leaving JBastogne in Belgium. Mr. Keene
was thrown Into a potato field, but was
not seriously hurt. At Rheims M. Bra
zier's automobile killed a child 12 years
old. *
, I. don't; expect to win, but I am going for the
.sport of the thing. I never participated in a
race of this kind ,bef ore. My autocar Is quite
new. -I drove it for the first time Tuesday
and I find the tension is terrible. My car ought
to go eighty-five kilometers an hour, so appar
ently I stand a fair chance In the race, but
I shall not g-et the best speed out of It, aa I
have not had sufficient experience with It.
Foxhall Keene got* away at 7 o'clock.
He wore a blue serge suit, covered with a
rubber jacket, and a gray checked cloth
'cap. i Mr." Keene said to the correspondent
of the Associated Press: ;-' - :¦-.-•
At- the starting place: at the cross roads
of the village of Champigny by 3:30 a. m.,
the hour v/he'n the first automobile was
started, at least 2000 enthusiasts had gath
ered. : The first few .racers left before the
break of day.- The racing cars were mere
machines of iron and steel and no pretense
was made for comfort of drivers or en
gineers. There were, about thirty persons
who had entered who did not start, among
them the American artist, Dannatt. There
was only one lady competitor, a handsome
French woman named Oast, who was at
tired in a~ smartly made water-proof cos
tume.: • s ¦ .. ¦ . -. • - ¦..-•¦.
I PARIS, June 27—9 a. in.— From. midnight
on until the early morning hours a stream
of bicycles and automobiles marked the
road from , Paris to" Fort Champigny, a
dozen miles east of-* the city, the starting
place of the; automobile race between
Paris and Berlin. . *
The cross- roads of-' Champigny, where
hundreds --• of bicycles and automobiles
were, assembled, were illuminated with
Chinese lanterns, while every few min
utes a racing car would dash up and take
the position allotted. - • _*
Accidents Along the Route.
•Child Is Killed at
Rheims. '
Beginning: of the Great
Race Through France
and Germany.
CHAUFFEURS
OFF FOR BERLIN
Taking in the situation at a glance, the
pugilist ran across the street to intercept
the horses. As they passed him in their
mad career he jumped for a rein that was
hanging loose from the horse nearest him.
Holding on with all his might and brac
ing himself against the railroad track3
that line the avenue, he drew back. The
effect of this movement, which was all
done in a good deal less time than It
takes to tell it, was to throw the horse on
its . hauncher and to bring both to a
standstill, where- they snorted and ca
reened to no purpose.
Joe Bernstein, who is matched with Cal
lahan. has rounded into shape and seems
happy over hl3 chance to win a fight, and
a few bets for all concerned. Bernstein
is a shifty ana strong man, but when he
shakes hands with Callahan to-niarbt h«
will meet his equal in every degree. Great
interest is centered in this first number
on the programme.
Root came out of his quarters just after
some heavy work with his trainers In
time to see a team of horses attached to a
grocery wagon dashing down Central ave
nue at a galloping pace. Not a hundred
yards in front of them, were several chil
dren playing a game of some kind in the
street, and totally oblivious of the im
pending danger.
Root's last day at Alameda was put in
by some heroic, racking life-saving. The
story goes as follows:
ALAMEDA, June 27.— Jack Root, who Is
training at Johnny Croll'a for his light
with "Kid" Carter of Brooklyn, turned
hero this afternoon and saved a group of
children playing in the street near his
training quarters from being trampled be
neath the feet of runaway horses. Root
is not saying much about his own bravery
and is inclined to look upon It as some
thing that ¦ ought to be expected of him,
but friends who saw say that he did a
brave act, with no little danger to hl3
own life and limbs.
and Carter, the light heavy-weights, and
Bernstein and C'allahan, lightweights, who
have Just graduated from the feather
class. These four men will meet to-night
in fistic combat . and the public antici
pates two contests far beyond anything
seen of late in San Francisco.
Both Root and Carter are trained to a
nicety.
JOB BERNSTEIN, WHO WILL
MEET CALLAHAN TO-NIGHT.
PHOTO BY BUSHNELL
Two Matches Which Are
Attracting General
Attention.
Ready and fit to step Into the ring to
light at Mechanics' Pavilion are Root
Fighters in Good Shape
for the Contests
To-Night.
ROOT STOPS
A RUNAWAY
"Jockeys Wedderstrand and Johnnie Bull
man each won two races the moun
tains "Wednesday.- The former was astride
of . Crossmolina and Admiral Schley at St.
Louis, while Bullman performed, his stunts
at Washington Park on Jinunez and Pos
sart :"•' ' ', ¦¦¦ ¦ ¦ '. - - ¦¦¦ - '.•"¦¦.--.'-¦.
Chinese Slave Released.
Chan Lan Ling, one of the Chinese fe
ttnaie slaves captured In- the Federal, raid
several" weeks ago,' was discharged from
custody yesterday by United States
Court Commissioner . Heacock, on
motion of. the District Attorney,
I who ' said ' that the Government
f had no' .evidence to controvert the
'•Tin'B statement that she was a native of
i California. There remains only one more
k • the, raid cases ,to be disposed of, -and
| « will be heard before Commissioner
*% acock to-day /
The freshxnen race and the four-oar
contest preceded the big event of the day.
The freshmen eights were, sent off up the
river for their two-mile row just alter 5
o'clock. Yale was at the railroad bridge
at 4:45 and the Harvard youngsters were
•five minutes behind. It required nearly
fifteen minutes for the crews to take their
places in the shells. Yale took the lead
at the start and was never headed. The
blues led by three-quarters of a. length at
the half-mile, a length and a half at the
•mile and In the last mile by work superior
In every department of rowing easily
• croEsed the line four and a half lengths
ahead. The time, was: . Yale 10-27 4-5
Harvard 10:48.
From the appearance of the two .fours
'On the water at tne navy yard, at the
. . eind Of the freshman race/ there was never
a doubt as to the superiority of the Har
.vard quartet Their physique, their
• stroke, their finish were clearly ahead of
Yale's. Harvard occupied the east lane
. Yfele the west. The race began at 5:40,'
"«nd Harvard began to take vengeance for
.the. freshmen defeat. The crimson oars
men took the lead at the crack of the pis
tol and proceeded to make a walk-away
.. of it. At the half Yale was a length be
- hfafl. • Rowintr a stroke of 34, two points
higher than Harvard," the New Haven col
-- tegians were unable to remain in the run
ning. Harvard gained so rapidly that the
• -. race-, became uninteresting except for the
-feeadtlful work of Harvard. There was
ttt)Hble in the Yale shell, Thomas at'bow
end Rumsey. at three having rowed them
• selves out so far as effective work was
concerned. Harvard added lengths to her
lead- and crossed the line In 11:491-5, six
lengths ahead of Yale. The time of Yale
was 12:091-5;
¦ DISTANCE. ' Yale. Har\-ard.
Half a mile..'.. .„.. 2:39 2:38 2-5
One mile t 5:40 5:42 2-5
' One and a half miles... 8:52 4-5 8:50
" Two miles 11:54 11:55
Two and a half miles... 14:35 2-3 14:34
. Three miles 17:52 17:51 2-5
, Three and a half miles.. 21:49 21:50
Ffnlsh ,.......-...., 2S:37 23:45 J
Baltimore 9 .' .'. 14 4
Philadelphia 5 • .12 .-.' 2
Batteries— McGlnntty and 'Robinson; Plank
and Leahy ,
DETROIT, Mich., June 27.— After '. Milwaukee
had tied the score in the ¦ ninth ' with four sin-'
glea and a high .fly. to the outfield, Detroit won
the game in their half of the ninth with singles
by McAllister and Cronin and Casey's fly. At
tendance 1592. Score: ... ¦ ';
Clubs— R. H. E.
Detroit 4 9 2
Milwaukee-....... 1 .............:........ 3v; 11- 2
Batteries— Cronin and . Buelow; Sparks and
Conners. ' . ' ; '
.WASHINGTON. June 27.— Washington, to-day,
shut out Boston in the prettiest and "only er
rorless grame' played here this seasori.'V It was
a pitchers'* battle from- start to finish and
Lee kept the visitors' hits safely scattered. At
tendance 2658. ¦-: Score: .:
Clubs— " R. H. E.
Washington. 2..... 8, 0
Boston.:..-.:.." 0 .;¦ '.; 7 ¦ .0
Batteries— l)ee and Clarke; Lewis "and Crlger.'
Cleveland to-day by a little scientific , bunting
in the first and sixth and a bunching of their
hits in the fourth. Attendance 2600. Score:
Clubs '. f R. -H. E.
Chicago - 5 ,: 10 i
Cleveland 1 7 , 1
Batteries— Katoll and * Bugden; Hotter and
Wood.
. BALTIMORE, June 27. — Baltimore won from
Philadelphia to-day, in the first two innings.
¦Attendance 2365. Score: ; ' ,
Clubs— ¦ \ . -H-. . H - E -
Attorney Frank Powers notified Acting
Auditor Wells yesterday that he would
enjoin the. payment of the. claims of
teachers for . November and December;
1898, unless they agreed to return the sum
of $7000 , which, was surrendered under an
a greement by " merchant ' creditors in May, 1
1899.'- At that time about $27,000 was de
posited , with the Union Trust Company'
pending the outcome of litigation to-de
termine-- whether the teachers, or mer
chants were entitled to the money. -^ A"
compromise.- w as * afterward effected,
whereby the merchants released the sum;
of 57000 tothe teachers, who received a
small percentage of their Individual sal
ary demands, less about $400 spent as at-,
torney's fees. It is this $7000 that Powers
wants returned to the merchants/ ¦
Acting Auditor Wells declined to hold
out the sum named, as he thinks the,dis
pute is a mattef to be settled between the
teachers and/ merchants. Powers there
upon expressed his intention to sue out a
writ of injunction, to restrain the Auditor
from paying the teachers the full amount
of the balance due them until the mer
chants are paid the $7000. The agreement
under which the suit will be brought fol
lows: :
The merchant creditors having claims against
the school fund of 1898-1899, which the Union
Trust Company holds as their assignee, shall
execute and deliver to the Auditor and to the
Teachers' Committee a written agreement to
the effect that the . merchant ' creditors and
the. Union Trust Company, agree that none of
their unpaid demands shall be audited or paid
until all of the salary demands of teachers and
janitors for November, 1898, shall have been
audited and there shall have come into the
fechool fund of 1898-1899 a sufficient sum to pay
all- of the demands for November, 189S, the
Union Trust Company ' to pay Auditor "Wells
the : sum of $7000, to be divided among the
teachers, signing the agreement. -
Creditors Oppose Paying
of Teachers* Back
Claims.
MERCHANTS WILL
ENJOIN AUDITOR
day and "cut in" the following, day." Eck
ert had a very successful year in Califor
nia,. despite rumors to the contrary. ' •
, James C. Nealon, ex -Assessor, and. own
er, of Buck Taylor and other winners dur
ing'the recent meeting, left : Tuesday for
Chicago, r It , is reported that he s went
there with the intention of picking up a
stable of useful platers for the • meeting
next fall. >»._ .
Things are j dead around the Emeryville
racetrack, - nearly all the . small stables
who could raise the shipping, money hav
ing gone to Montana, where the game is
reported' to be in a very prosperous con
dition. . ; , , . *r- ¦ •
j -According to the latest New York tele
graph, Commando and Conroy, the two
crack three-year-olds in the Keene stable,
are again -receiving stiff gallops in. 'the
hands of Jimmie Rowe. -It was reported
that ; the former would hot face the flag
till late in the fall. The news will be wel
comed by , racing ; enthusiasts, as Com
mando is considered by many the great
¦ est three-year-old America has ever seen
Conroy , will be r remembered as . the : only
three-year-old who ever won the Brook
lyn ' Handicap. ; * ,»¦,¦¦.._.... - '
& Captain Hackett'a • stock ! of horses, - for
merly; owned by Dan : McCaxty, 'will : be
disposed of at auction to-day at 11 o'clock
at Bryant and I Tenth streets. There ! are
100 head of horses and in the lot are trot
ters and' runners. ?„ ¦ • ¦.
Burglars who. yesterday morning broke
into the saloon of C. Eastman, at the cor
ner of Mason and Ellis streets, en
deavored to hide their crime' by deliber
ately setting fire to the premises.
i When Proprietor Eastman closed the sa
loon at 2 in the morning he carefully
locked the side and front doors and went
*to his residence at the corner of Turk
and Jones streets. .. .
At 4:30 yesterday morning Police Of
ficer Harry Hook and Special Officer Mas
sey were walking along Ellis street and
tried the side door of Eastman's saloon.
The door yielded to their touch and when
it opened a volume of smoke poured out
into the street.
Hook turned in a fire alarm and with
Massey dashed into the saloon and put
out the flames that were licking the walls
of the premises. In the rear of the sa
loon where two "private ' boxes" were lo
cated, the ; officers discovered three-dis
tinct" fires. Heaps of oil-saturated paper
were lying on the floor. The burglars had
set fire to the paper in the hope of de
stroying the saloon and wiping out all
¦traces of robbery. . -
The officers took buckets of ¦ water and
before the fire apparatus arrived suc
ceeded ' in Quenching the flames that
threatened to destroy the building.
The proprietor of the saloon was called
to the scene by , Willis Davis, who for-:
merly worked as a bartender for East
man. Eastman informed the police of
ficers that when he left his saloon he had
carefully locked the place., The front
door is fastened with a Yale lock, whilo
the side door has only an ordinary lock
that could be opened with a skeleton key.
. Fire Marshal Towe questioned Eastman
and .was satisfied that he had no knowl
edge of the cause of the fire. Detectives
Wren and DInan were placed on the case
by Chief of Detectives Seymour and they
learned that a number of hoodlums had
been .In the habit of frequenting East
man's = saloon and had been refused free
drinks and loans of moneys .Eastman in
formed the detectives that he suspected
his saloon had been set on fire by some
of these hoodlums, and that he especially
suspected a certain stable boy. ' Investiga
tion by • Detectives Wren and Dinan
showed that -a drawer containing $8 in
cash had been rifled and a slot machine
opened by. means of. a burglar's ','jimmy."
Saloon Is Broken Open
, and Mon ey Drawer
Rifled.
COMMIT ARSON
TO HIDE THEFT
Thomas', H. ".Williams Jr., V president of
the California Jockey,- Club, accompanied
by} his '.wife, •sailed on June. 20 for Europe.'
It is Mr. -WilliamsMntention-to Bpend sev
eral weeks ; traveling . through the '. Old
World::'- He is expected back to' New- York
In time. for the Saratoga" race meeting.: !"'
,• Frank /Eckert,'. the well-known; book
maker, arrived In New York last Thura-'
NEW YORK,' June 27.— Sheepshead Bay sum
mary: . , *
Six furlongs— King Pepper won, Unmasked
second, Ilium third. Time, 1:13 2-5. <
Five and a half furlongs;— Lucellne won. Five
Nations second, ; Northern Star- third. Time,
1:07 3-5. •;.;?¦. , F ,
One mile— Roe Hampton > won, " The Amazon
second, Dolando third. Time, 1:38 1-5.
The Spendthrift, one mile and an eighth— Gold
Heels won, Smile second, Belvlno third. Time,
1:62 2-5.
Five furlongs— Optional won, Meditation sec
ond. Ascension third. Time, 1:00 4-5.
One mile and. a quarter; on turf— Star Bright
won, Decanter" second, Rochester third. Time,
2:06 1-5. . ;
DETROIT, 'June ' 27.—Highland Park sum
mary:: .:¦ - ' . ' *
'Six furlongs— Satire won, Lady Hayman sec
ond, Ida Penzance third. Time, 1:14%. -
Five furlongs, selling— Similar won, St. Hera
second. Miss Blarney third* Time, '1:02. r
I Six and a half furlongs, 'selling— Bonnie Maid
won, Medford second, Sauceboat third. Time,
1:23. ' •- ."¦-. ¦ ¦ ¦ ¦ .-¦¦.. ¦ '
Seven furlongs, selling— Gray Dally won.vGo
temba: second; * Lizzie A third. Time, -1:29. •>
One mile and a sixteenth, selling— Woodtrice
won. Obstinate second, Dolly "Wagner third:
Time, 1:49. ¦• : . ¦' .
Six and a half furlongs, celling— Hieaway
won. Filibuster second. By. George third.' Time,
1:21%. I : ",..¦ ¦' * - »•..-.;,. . ,. :
CHICAGO, June 27.— 'Washington Park sum
mary: . ' -
'- One. mile. and fifty yards— South Breeze' won;
Prince Blazes second, Gawaine third. Time,
1:44 4-5. . '
Four and a half furlongs— Walnamoinen won,
Sadie Busch second. Magi third. ' Time, :54 4-5.
The Englewood stakes, $2000 added, one mile —
Maud Gonne won, Sadie S second. Trinity Bell
third. Time. 1:41.- <
One mile and a sixteenth— Pink Coat won, Mr.
Brown second, Gonfalon third. Time, 1:47 2-5.
Six furlongs — Tayon won. The Lady second,
Headwater third.. Time. 1:13 2-5., . . .,
One mile and fifty yards— San ; Andres won,
"Winter second, John Drake third. Time, 1:44.
ST. LOUIS, June 27.— FairGrounds summary:
Four arid' a half furlongs — Royal ' Athlete -won.
Colonel Stone second, Gallagher, third. Time,
¦:55»i. ¦ '¦¦ ¦¦ ¦¦':¦ ¦ ¦•¦-¦¦' - • .
. Six ¦ furlongs, selling— Sard .. won, Syncopated
Sandy second, Cogswell third. ' Time, 1:15. .
- One mile and a quarter, selling — Beana won,
Eugenie S second, Nandora third. Time, 2:09%.
Six and a half furlongs, selling— General Mc-
Gruder won, Northern Spy 'second, Chappaqua
third. Time, 1:20%.
- Seven furlongs, selling — Ed \ L won. Reducer
second, Hurry third.- Time,'l:28. *
j One mile, Belling— Kisme won, Hungarian
second, Tony Lepping third. Time, 1:42^.
• CINCINNATI, 'June 27.— -Newport summary:
* Six and a half furlongs, - selllnsr— Golden C
won, * Prudent second, Fusion third. Time,
1:21%- . ¦-¦¦-: ¦ -
Six furlongs— Nellie Helmuth won, Larry C
second. Beano, third. .Time, 1:14%. -,..,. '
Flve.«fi|rlongs, selling — Rose of Red won, Fol
low second, Corinne C third.' Time, 1:02. •
One mile >and an eighth,-" selling— Birdie ¦ May
.won, Banquo II second, third.. Time,
1:54., .;-,•''*'- ' l ¦:•-•: j '•.••¦:¦-¦--•.•¦*-.••' ¦:>¦,. .,
Seven furlongs— Eleven Bells won, 'Stamp sec
ond, Nels Morris third. Time, 1:28%. , \
Six furlongs, selling— Santa Ventura won, Lo
cuat.Blossom second,: Charlie Daniels third.
Time, 1:14%. ,- . - ¦_,_ ....'. ;: ¦;:
'DENVER,: June 27.— Results at Overland:
First race, pacing— Harry Logan won three
straight heats. .- Time— 2:12%,--- 2:12%, j 2:15%.
Plenty, Gold Standard. Floretta Belle and Aide
also started.; • . - - . . - - :. ¦ :
¦ Second, race, trotting— Sue won three straight
heats. Time— 2:19%, v 2:20%,, 2:19%. Common
wealth, Dr. Shorb and, Emblematic also started.
Third race, seven furlongs, selling— Bulgarian
won. Chloride second,. Mr.- RobBon third. Time.
1:29%.> ¦ ¦ ' ¦ 'Si~u . - ' , ¦- ¦¦.,. /.-¦¦-.
"Fourth; race, six furlongs— Cerro -Santa won,
Don H second, Thracla third. , Time, 1:16.
Fifth race, five furlongs— Hazel Hughlette
won. Coryour second,. Bettle 1 B third. Time,
l:00%.-: : /,'/. , : ...., -. .-.,.-,¦ /:- : . . - '-', ..'- ..
'•, Sixth race, /six furlongs^-Corrello won. Lare
quoise. second, "Wautuches third. -Time, 1:16. i
Seventh race,- six furlongs— Summer won. Lit
tle Henry second; Torsion third.; Time, 1:16.
;BAlCXN-G GOSSIP FIIOM '
THE EASTERN TRACKS
Winners on the Tracks -in"; \B£iddle
West and^in the '—
East.
PASSET> THE JUDGES' 'V; r
STAND FOR THE MONEY
• eights to prepare. At exactly 7 o'clock
¦j* the Yale oarsmen launched their shell at
V Broadview and five minutes later were
"paddling leisurely to the starting point
f^ half a mile down the river. Harvard was
jjr but two minutes behind Yale and went
«*,. across the river to the accompaniment of
3... the Harvard band.
•*£ There was no loss of time and at 7:14
i-S both boats were in position, receiving in-
V Etructions from the referee. Yale had the
vj east course, while Harvard occupied the
rfwest The pistol was tired at 7:15. It was
•V a start almost on even terms, Harvard
•» possibly having a slight advantage. For
*! three lengths it was stroke for stroke at
r*~ihirty-six to the minute. Yale then
-:• dropped to thirty-five, whil© Harvard
~, T went down to thirty-four.
J" Tbfi! water was smooth, although there
S was a slight breeze from th« southwest.
-" Before ten lengths had been- traveled it
.." was . evident the race was to be a ffood
j" one. Harvard had drawn away by a quar
-' ter of a length. The eights were rowing
fc 'as'one tnaxu At the half mile it was
"yf Harvard by a narrow bargin. a second
., and a fifth, as to the time, and still a
~ r quarter of a length as to distance. As the
_ lir^i ilags of the course were passed Yale
V was rowing thirty-five and Harvard was
Jrone point lower. Harvard had settled
i'down into the best work of her race, and
ywith a beautifully steady pull the Cam
abridge boys sent their shell still further
p ahead. Yale, too, was rowing magnifi
y cently, but at this stage of fhe race did
jr"not display the dash of the Harvard men.
at the mile it began to look
.v like Harvard. Her boat was four and
*sT two-fifths seconds ahead of Yale at the
r one mile flag, a comfortable length to the
...good. At this point, however, Yale's
/spirit began to show Itself and a little
V more "go" appeared in the New Haven
~ craft. Slowly, but surely, Yale gained,
.: and in the next half mile cut Harvard's
..'lead down to a scant half length.- The
-t difference In the time was two and four
fifths seconds. Both crews were rowing
.-. like clockwork and there was every indi
i-, cation that each eight was able to stay
'./out- the entire four miles. Passing the
• mile and a. half Yale lowered her stroke
5 *¦ and Harvard followed, and for the rest
r of the race, with the exception of beauti
v ful spurts upon occasions, the crews hard
'Cly varied from thirty to tiurty-one. Yale's
' $ pull seemed to be the more telling. As
>$j the shells approached the navy yard there
, '¦. ,was a perceptible gain for the blue and
*'when the mile flag was passed '¦Yale was
-leading for the first time in the race. The
margin, however, was dangerously nar
row. Harvard was one second behind, but
on the next half mile she again wrested
the lead away from Yale, and at the two
and a half miles Harvard led by just
£ two-fifths of a second. - :
Those on the official yachts, some of
whom were oarsmen of former days, at
this juncture began to talk about the race
¦with enthusiasm. Thus far it had been
magnificent, and the performances of the
crews promised a heart-breaking finish.
The Yaie men pulled like giants, but Har
vard was working with just as much
power and skill. As a result Yale was
unable to creep up and ; Harvard actually
• drew ahead still further one-fifth of a
'. *econd, passing the three-mile station
-Vthree- fifths of a second ahead. • The
•• lead of the crimson oars was to be esti—
- mated not In lengths but in mere feet and
i. inches. The shells entered the finishing
-•'.-'mile with beautiful water conditions be
tween the long lane of yachts, and it re
mained for this last mile to afford the
most spectacular contest seen on the
Thames for many a year.
With guns booming and sirens shriek
ing the two boats swept down the line,
. " Harvard was still in the van, but Yale was
clinging to her close. It was not until the
three and a half mile flags were within
¦ hailing distance that Chittenden, the Yale
cockswain, called on- his men for a mighty
. effort. Up went the Yale . stroke and up
; - crept the Yale shell. Harvard tried to re
, - spond and her men answered, the call
heroically, but the sons of Eli tore along
in a style that was maddening for Har
vard supporters. The three and a half
r mile point found Yale again in the lead.'
• £ She was never headed. ' Indeed, with Har
'•- vard never letting down for an instant,
Yale took on added strength and the Yale
men began to steal away by feet. It was
nothing but Yale after this, and feet be
came generous proportions of a length.
Then it. was one length and open water
t appeared for the tirst time. It was the
old story of a Yale crew with skill and
endurance to stay in the last stages of
the long- journey. ¦ Yale's victory was won'
tby a scant two lengths. The time^ on ac
count of the low stroke rowed,- was' slow.
The official time was: >M'±
¦ - • ¦
by -thousands from observation trains.
- yachts and points of vaxitage along the
S banks. To Yale also fell the honor of a
jSj victory in the freshman race. Harvard
, tor-Bight takes a single consolation in the
«•¦ fact, that her 'varsity four walked away
g from the Yale Quartet.
K The race between the 'varsity eights
- was . delayed until wind and tide con
ditions were favorable. It was 6:50 o'clock
in the evening when Referee Merklehem
caused the whistle on the yacht Nushka
to be blown as a signal for the rival
ENDURANCE WINS
RACE FOR YALE
I Harvard Eight. Is Beaten
I In the Last Half Mile
¦v , . ox uLie ooiirsB,
} Eli's Freshmen Have an Easy
' Time — Crimson Quartet
Sole Winners.
NEW LONDON, . Conn., June 27. — In a
. race never excelled on the Thames, Yale's
.' 'varsity won to-day the great inter
i university event of the year in the last
half mile of the four-mile course? by a
. scant two lengths.
. The magnificent contest was witnessed
Clubs— ' •'-'•' "¦- R. -H. E.
Chicago 7 12 4
Philadelphia ....;...:.. ..16 21 j
Batteries— Eason and. Kllng; Donahue ami
Douslass. Umpire— Cunningham. .
Second game:- ..' , .: ¦•
Clubs- R. H."' E.-
Chicago ..... :..... 3 , 10'. 5
PhiladelphU ....; ...;......... 4 ' v 5 ' a
Batterles-^Taylor - and kllng: - Duggleby and
McFarland. Umpir?— CunninRham. : .- . .-
AMERICAN LEAGUE. ' }:-l ;V \t' ; '" J
CHICAGO. June 27.— The locals defeated
NATIONAL LEAGUE.
- BROOKLYN. June 27. — The Brooklyne took
second place in . the pennant race to-day . by
beating Plttsburg. Attendance , 2600, Score:
Clubs . , 1 • R. H. E.
Brooklyn ....-, 8 12 2
Plttsburg ............................... 7 10 4
Batteries— McJames, Kltson and McGulre;
Chesbro and Zlmmer. Umpire— O* Day. . ,
NEW YORK* • June ' 27.— New York and Cln- -
cinnatl broke even to'-day. The Westerners won
the first game by good hitting.' • In the second •
game they were beaten because of inability to
hit Taylor. Attendance 4600. .Score: -
First game: .
Clubs— R. . H. E.
New York' 5 11 l
Cincinnati ....7 :• ( 16 3
Batteries— Doheny and Warner: Hahn and
Peitz. Umpire— : Dwyer. ; ...... . -
- Second game:
Clubs— ' R. • H. E.
New York 4 9 1
Cincinnati 0 . 3 3
Batteries— Taylor and Warner; Phillips and
Btrgen. Umpires— Smith . and Peitz.
BOSTON, June 27.— Boston won an* exciting
twelve-Inning contest from St. . Louis to-day.
Attendance 2000. Score: , '
aub»— R. *.H.- E.
Boston 8 13 5
St. Louis 7 15 5
-Batteries— Dlneen. Kittredge; Sudhoft, .Mur
phy, Harper, Powell and Nichols. "Umpire—
Emslie. . " ; : f . '¦ '•' • . ¦••..;
PHILADELPHIA, June 27.— The home team
won two games to-day from Chicago. The
first game was a batting matinee, Eason being
hit frequently and hard. Philadelphia captured
the second game by timely base hits, aided by
errors in the eighth inning. Attendance 4284.
Score, first game:
In the first inning, with Schwartz, Pabst
and Nordyke on the sacks. John. Reilly
rolled out a thr«;e-bagger. Then the.Fris
co contingent showed what the word fa
natic means in the baseball dictionary.
McLaughlin in the fourth inning added
another sensational catch to his scintil
lating list. Graham sent the ball over by
the fence, but it was pulled, in by the
Senator of the left garden after a hard
and long run. •
Pabst may be a batter par excellence,
but he needs several applications of lim
bering-up ointment. A good first baseman
occasionally stops balls ; that are not
thrown right into his hands:
"Wanted for Umpire Tyler— a ease of
approved eye-water, eye-glasses and an
OCUlist. .-._.¦..-.- J ...
Sheehan took a couple of fouls right off
the fence and left the maddened Wasps
stingerless. . . , ¦
The "Red-Dog" was more than his best
self yesterday. All that- came -to his
talons was masticated and digested at
once. His particular inning for glimmer
ing was the seventh. ¦
Schwartz swallowed high infield flies in
profusion. ' ' . -
Krug was In good fielding. form.
Three several times when the Senators
seemed to be in. the running infield flies
retired the team.
Baseball Notes.
. ." . . SUMMARY.
Earned run — Los Ang-eles. First base on er
rors — Los Angeles 3, Oakland 3. First base
on called balls— Off MoEkiman 1. Left on,
bases— Los Angeles 6, Oakland 5. Struck out—
By Jones 2, by Moskiman L Double plays —
Dunleavy to Streib; Franks, unassisted. Time
of game— 1:55. Umpire— Graves.
Lea Angeles 0 0 0 0 10 0 9 1—3
Base hits......... 0 0 1 0 4 0 112—9
Oakland 00001000 0—1
Base hits 0 0 1 1.2 0 0 0 1—5
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
-Totals .V....33 1 ;5 . 1. *2S " 13 3
•Twb out when winning run was scored.
• OAKLAND. • •"•¦'¦¦
. •'- -- AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Dunleavy, L f 4.0 « 0 1. 1 1
Drennan. c. f 4 0 0 0 110
Streib, lb .t.. 4 -0 0 0 11 0 0
Babbitt, r. f 4 0 113 10
Arrellanes. 2b....;.., 4 0,-1/0 =.3r,6- 0
Francks. s. 8...'...., 4 0 0 0. 5 0 2
Lohman. c 3 0 10 10 0
Moore, 3b 3 " 1 '£ 0 0 2 0
Moskiman, p 3 0 0 0 110
Totals ...': So 2 9 0 27 14
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Brockhoff. r. f 4 0 - 0 0 2 0 1
Reitz, 2b .....: 4 0 0 0 0 3 0
Householder.- c. f... 4 0 1 0 3 0 0
Spies, c. 4 0 0 0 2 4 0'
Hutchinson, lb 4 11 0 14 0 0
Reilly. 3b 3 12 0 3 11
Kelly, s. Si ..;., 4 0 0 Of 1 4 1
Bowman, 1. f... 4 0 2 0 2 0 0
Jones, p 4 0 3 0 0 2 0
LOS ANGELES, June 27.— Los Angeles
won in the ninth inning from Oakland on
a questionable decision by Umpire Graves.
Reilly was on third with two out, when
Jones hit slow to Moore. Many were of
the opinion that Jones was out at first.
The score:
LOS ANGELES.
liOS ANGELES WINS.
• . SUMMARY^ i.
Runs resDonslble for — Harper 4. Three-base
hlte — Reilly. Courtney. Two-base hit — Krug.
Sacrifice hit — Schwartz." First base on errors —
San Francisco 1, Sacramento 2. First base on
called balls — San Francisco 3. Sacramento 1.
Left on bases— San Francisco 3, Sacramento 9.
Struck out — By Iburg 2. by Harper 4. Double
play— Krug to Reilly. Ttoe of game— 1 hour
and 4o minutes. Umpire— Tyler. Official scorer
—. McFnriin.
gan Francisco 5 0 0 0 6 0 0 1 9—6
Base hits 4 0 10 3 0 0 1 0— «
Sacramento .'...0 0 0 0*000 0—0
- Base hits 1 0 0 2 10 12 1—8
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
•Batted for Harper in ninth Inning.
Totals 35 « $ 9 27 13 2
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Croll. c. f 4 i 1 1 0 1 0 0
Htldebrand. 1. f 4 1- 0 0 2 0 0
Schwartz, 2b 3 1 1 0 7 1 1
Pabst, lb 3 1 10 9 0 1
Krug. fs 4 0 2-0 2 3 0
Nordyke. r. I S 1 0 0 1 0 0
Reilly. Sb ; 4, 1 1 0 2 2 0
Graham, c 3 0 0 1 3 0 0
Iburg. p 4 0 0# 0 0 4 0
¦ . Totals ....32 « 6 1 27 10 2
' 6ACRAMEXTO.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Devereaux, es 4 0 1.0 1 8 0
McLaughlin, 1. f.... 4 0 1 ' : 0 • ? 0 0
Courtney. 2b 3 0 1 0 2 • 0 ' «
Doyle, lb 4 0 1 0 11 0 1
McGucken, c. f 4 0 2 G 2 10
Strlcklett. r. ,f 4 : 0 0 0 © • 0 '' 0
Stanley, c ;... 4 0 2 0 5 0 1
Sheehan, Sb... 4 0 0 « 4 3 0
Harper, p 3 0 0 6 0 10
•Carter 1 0 0 6 0 0 0
SAN FRANCISCO.
San Francisco 6, Sacramento O.
A strange game and a good one was
played at 'Recreation Grounds -yester
day afternoon, when the Senators met the
Wasps in. the initial hostilities of the se
ries. At the outset the pretzel destroyers
fell upon Sapho Harper's curves for four
hits, which resulted in five runs. Then
Harper settled like stale beer and was
undiscoverable ever after. Iburg twirled
for the home team, and despite the eight
hits made off his delivery not a single
Senator crossed the bags for a run.
• The Senators : were bombarded with ill
luck yesterday, jj On several, occasions the
smell of the rubber on the return journey
hit; their nostrils, but the scorer rang no
bell for Sacramento. The score:
Harper Was Found at Outset
but Settled in Surpris
ing Fashion. .
Bunch of Hits in. First
Inning Gives Frisco
the Game.
SENATORS SHUT
OUT BY WASPS
THE; SAN: \ FR A^CISCOP^ALIii, JXn^ 28,^ 190li
* also a member of the AJameda senior
barge crew and holds the outrigged skiff
. championship of his club. : ¦. . * -
No oarsman is better known on the bay
of San, Francisco or indeed on the Pacific
Coast than Alex "W7 Pape of the -Dolphin
Boating and Swimming Club. He organ
ized and rowed stroke of the only Dolphin
barge crew that has won a race in open
regattas for many years. ' He has more
' than once been captain of the Dolphin
Club, and holds the senior shell champion
ship of the Pacific ' Coast. \ . Tne .. other
scullers shown in the photograph J are C.
Grew of Ariel Rowing Glut Hopes to Gain Honors in the J^
Barge.Race and Hansen Expects 'to
.%_ " » -•- ~ — '-»- • ¦ ¦¦¦ <¦•-.. .. - . .-
OARSMEN AND SCULLERS TRAINING
HARD FOR THE CHAMPIONSHIP
on Lake Merritt is the -four of the ;
Ariel Rowing , Club, which, with one ex
ception, is made up of the same. men as
represented that club in last year's cham
pionship event. F. Luhrsen, who was
stroke, went out of the crew before the-
September 9 regratta of last year, his place
being taken by J. Nokes." who is now row^
ing bow. The crew is made up as follows:
J. Nokes, bow; E. Smith, No.' 2; H. Foley,-
No:' 3, and J.' Keegan, stroke.'* The.pho
tograph shows the crew and cockswain •
standing on Long wharf in front of the,
Ariel Rowing Club's: boathouse, which •
the club recently received notice to quit.
The South Ends at' once offered the use
of their house, and the Ariels now start \
'• * ¦ CREW which' is considered to
f\ ' have an excellent chance of win
/LAy .nlng- the junior ' barge champlon-
A jV ship in the Fourth of July regatta
4
EASTEEKT BASEBALL.
STATEMENT
, OF THE—
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
—OF THB^—
National Fire
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF HARTFORD, IN THE STATE OF CON-
~ n^S tlcat ' on the 31st dav of December A.
D. 1900, and for the year ending on that day
as made to the Insurance Commissioner of thi
State of California, pursuant to the provla-
ions of sections 610 and 611 of the Political
Code, condensed &3 per blank furnished by the
Commissioner. .
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up fa
Ca3h ; .$1,000,00000
ASSETS.
Real Estata owned by Company: $3«i nt M
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages.. TO8 sis m
Cash Market Value of all Stocks aid 7 ° 8 ' 815 W
Bonds owned by Company JLITSSST nn
Cash in Company's Office......... ju* hi
Cash in Banks «M Su is
Premiums In due Course of Collec-
tlon v; " 488,97186
Total Assets ; $4,992,892 38
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid....! $84 753 SS
Losses in process of Adjustment or
In Suspense 139 m« 2^
Losses resisted. Including expenses!! 22!t37 79
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run- "*'•"
nlns one year or less. $1,833,464 23:
reinsurance 50 per cent 948 732 19
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run- w> '" 13
n J??L more "ian one year. $1119.-
*•»» Si
Total Liabilities £~j
INCOME.
.Net cash actually received for Fire
premiums «,_-»_„
Received for interest on " Bonds" "and
Mortgages aa « 9ftl M
Received for interest and dividends
on Bonds, Stocks. Loans, and from
all othsr sources i« t« ««
Received for Rents 3 OM m
Received from all other sources.!!! iTO 75
Total Income $2.932,473 80
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for Fire Losses
(Including $1S4,196 45, losses of *
previous years) «.,,„,,.
Dividends to Stockholders.. .. !!."!!""' i!om» m
Paid" or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 4R? ««, -_
Paid for Salaries, Fees, and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc... man m
Paid for State. National and Lrcai
taxes ........ — ................. '«* ri-, m
All other payments and expend!- ¦
turcs ••-• • • 355.148 17
Total Expenditures , $2,745,819 89
1 . " " *" ¦
Xp*_ " ""
Losses incurred during the year $1,561,517 OS
Risks and Premiums. I Firs Risks. | Premiums.
Net amount of Risks I | ~ ~~
written during the!
_yf ar I $330,426,541 $3,691,385 98
Net amount of Risks! >,
- expired during thel
y? ar • I 300,568,177 2.984 245 18
Net amount in force j * Sl<c "- <i * > lo
December 31. 1900....J 401.467.507 \ 4.013.046 22
3T-a.te:m:e:n't
OF THE — —
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
Springfield
Fire and Marine Insurance Company
OF SPRTNGFIELJ}. IN THE STATE OF
Massachusetts, on the 31st day of Decem-
ber A. D. 1900, and for the year ending on
that day, aa made to the Insurance Commis-
sioner of the State of California, pursuant to
the provisions of sections 610 and 611 of the
Political Code, condensed as per blank fur-
nished by. the Commissioner.
CAPITAI*
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up In
Cash $1,600,000 00
ASSETS.'
Real Estate owned by Company... ... $125,000 00
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages 616,800 00
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company 3,723,694 00
Amount of Loans secured by pledge
of Bonds. Stocks and other market-
able securities as collateral......... 40,525 00
Cash In Company's Office..... 13,179 70
Cash in Banks .'-.. 198,562 69
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and'Loans 21,143 36
Interest due and accrued on Bonds
and Mortgag-es ...-. 18,612 77
Premiums In due Course of Collec-.
tlon • • 391.502 59
Bents due and accrued 664 17
Due from other Companies for rein-
surance on losses already paid 1,939 19
Total Assets ... — .... ..... — $5,159,623 47 !
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid $63,667 72
Losses In process of Adjustment or .
' in Suspense 108.388 09
Losses resisted, including expenses... 20,350 94
Gross premiums on. Fire Risks run-
. nlng one year or less. $1,378,530 58; s ; .
.reinsurance 50 per cent. 684,289 79
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning- more than one year, $1,732,-
702 05: reinsurance pro rata 885,303 00
Commissions and Brokerage due and
to become due 78,800 52
Total Liabilities .$1,840,480 tS
'. - '-. • : . ; INCOME. " ¦ ¦ 1 . . ¦• '
Net cash actually received for Fire
premiums i '.'• $1,942,320 35
Received for interest on Bonds and
iMortgagee -••••••¦ 32.2S4 81
Received for Interest and dividends
¦ on Bonds, Stock*. Loans- and from .
all other sources.. 150,162 70
Received for Rent3 ...' 4,653 35
/ Total Income .........../. .$2.129,421 21
¦'•¦¦¦ \ EXPENDITURES. — — —
Net amount paid for Fire Losses (in-
: eluding $169,717 17, losses of pre-
vious years) $1,142,707 20
Dividends to Stockholders 150,000 CO
Paid or allowed for Commission or . ¦
Brokerage .*. • 354,910 23
Paid for Salaries. Fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc.... 110.745 57
Paid ¦ for State. National and Local
Taxes '••• 92.282 IS
All other payments and expenditures 213,817 51
Total Expenditures- $2,064,462 73
.-"-¦ ¦'¦- "¦ . '*¦-¦¦".'¦ Fire.
Losses Incurred during the year $1.162.469 94
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks -" -
- written during the . ¦ . . "' - ¦-
year ........;. $238,949,609 $2,643,613 63
Net amount of Risks
expired during, the .
year 202.870,909 ,2.158,999 00
Net . amount in force • •. ¦ - . . • -
December 31. 1900;.... 307,528,667 3,111,241 63
. ..' '• • ¦ A. W. DAMON, President.
' W. J. MACK AT. Secretary.
Subscribed . and sworn to before me, this 23d
day ol January. 190L - -»
P. S. BAILET. Notary Public.
PACIFIC DEPARTMENT,
S. E.CornerBush e&nd.Se&nsotne> Sts
,SANFRANCISCO,CAL. *
GEO. D. DORNIN; GEO. W. DORNIN
¦..-..- -,.--¦¦ -^Manager. - - V.,, , As?^^
City Agency , 209 Sansomo Street, San Francisco
H. C. AHPEL & CO.. Amenta.
JAMES NICHOLS. President
• e ». _v ., B " R ' STII.LMAN. Secretary
:¦;•;; X FRED B. SEYMOUR. Notary PublicFROM SEATTLE.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey
Times and Heights of High and Low
"Waters at • Fort Point, entrance to Ban
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent. .
NOTE— The, high &nd low waters occur at
the city front {Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point,
the height of tide is the same at both places.
FRIDAY.. JUNE 28.
Sun rises 1 4:49
Sun sets 7:35
Moon sets ,. 2:10 a. m.
NOTE— In the above exposition of the -tides
the early ! morning tides are given in the lefi
hand column and the successive tides > of thi
day in the order of occurrence as to' time, oi
day; the third time column gives the last tld<
of the day, except when there are but three
tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights giver
are in addition to the soundings on the TJnttet
States Coast Survey charts, except when ¦ £
minus (— ) ' sign precedes the height, and thei
the number given is subtracted from the deptl
given by the charts. The. plane of reference 1:
the mean of the 'lower low waters. . .
TO ARRIVE.
Br I stmr Milton, Ralney, Xanaimo; John
Rosenfeld's Sons.
Schr J M Colman, Peterson. Salinas Cruz;
C A Hooper & Co.
SAILED.
Thursday, June 27.
Stmr Geo Loomis, Bridsrett, Ventura.
Stmr Hawaiian, Banfleld, New York, via
Honolulu. ' - .
Stmr Geo W Elder. Randall, Astorla.
Stmr Greenwood. Fa»terlund, Greenwood.
Stmr Rival. Johnson, Wlllapa Harbor.
Br stmr Milton. Rainey, Nanaimo.
Br ship Dowan Hill, Puxley, Queenstown.
Bktn S N Castle. Nilson, Honolulu.
Schr Bella. Hansen, Siuslaw River.
Schr Jennie Thelin, Jensen, Grays Harbor.
Schr Mary Buhne, Dannevit, Eureka.
Schr Mary C, Campbell, Bodega.
Schr Abble, Peterson. Eureka.
Schr J M Colman. Peterson. Salinas Cruz.
SPOKEN.
June ; lat 9 ' N, Ion 26. W — Br ship Manx
King;, henee Feb 20, for Queenstown. /
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, June 27. 10 p m— Weather
hazy; wind south,- velocity 8 miles per hour.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
EUREKA— Arrived June 27— Stmr Pomona,
hence June 26; schr Serena Thayer, from Hllo.
Sailed June 27— Stmr Eureka, for San Fran
cisco; Br bark City of Adelaide, for Sydney.
GRAYS HARBOR— Sailed June 27— Schr
Henry Wilson, for Honolulu.
Arrived June 27— Schr Sailor Boy, hence
June 12.
SAN DIEGO— Arrived June 27— Stmr Coquille
River, from Horda Landing:.
Sailed June 27— Schr Lottie Carson,' for Eu
reka.
ASTORIA— Sailed June 27— Stmr Columbia,
for San Francisco.
PORT LOS ANGELES— SaUed June 27— Stmr
Colon, I for Honolulu.
CAYL'COS— Sailed June 26— Stmr Aloha, for
Redondo. .
TACOMA— Arrived June 27— Schr Occidental,
from Bristol Bay.
SEATTLE— Sailed June 28— Stmr Dolphin, for
Eka^uay.
COOS BAY— Arrived June 26— Schr Volante,
hence June 11.
FOREIGN PORTS. *
SUVA— Arrived June 11— Schr James Rolph,
from Port Blakeley, to sail June 28 for Puget
Sound. — ¦
COLON — Arrived June 25 — Stmr Allianca,
from New York.
Sailed June 25— Stmr Advance, rfor New
Tork.
FALMOUTH— Sailed June 26— Ital chip Sal'
vatore Clamoa, for Tyne; Tr bark Vendee,
for Tyne. . >
SYDNEY— Arrived June 27-Schr Echo, from
Willara Harbor. t
PANAMA— Sailed June 25— Stmr Leelanaw,
for San Francisco.
HAMBURG— Arrived June 27— Ger «biD Als
terkamp, from Astoria.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
NEW YORK— Arrived June 27— Stmr Ger
manic, from Liverpool and Queenstown.-
Sailed June 27— Stmr La Bretaene, for
Havre; stmr Columbian, for Hamburg, via
Plymouth and Cherbourg; stmr Belgravia, for
Hamburg. v
LIVERPOOL— Arrived June 27— Stmr Nord
land, from Philadelphia; stmr Oceanic, from
New York; stmr New England, from Boston.
Sailed thine 27— Stmr Australasia, for Glas
gow.
GREENOCK— Arrived June 27— Stmr Sicil
ian, from Philadelphia, via St 1 John, N F.
BREMEN— Arrived June 27— Stmr Lahn,
from New York, via Southampton.
NAPLES— Arrived June 27— Stmr Trave, from
New York, for Genoa. • ,
LONDON— Arrived June 27— Stmr Brazilian,
from Montreal. '¦ 1
Sailed June 27 — Stmr Menominee, for ' New
Tork.
CHERBOURG— Sailed June 26— Stmr Koeni
ren Luise. from Bremen and Southampton, for
New York.
QUEENSTOWX— Sailed June 27— Stmr Waes
land, from Liverpool,- for Philadelphia.
? 1 .
Steamer Movements.
TO. SAIL.
No. 27,133 wins $7500, eold in San Francisco,
Cal. ; No. 26,143 wins ¦ $2500, sold , in" San 1 Jose,-
Cal. : 'No.' 69,716 wins $1250, Bold ln-San Fran
cIbco. Cai;;.Nos. 1603, 31,448. 43,991, .61,941 and
62.607 each wins $125. sold in San Francisco and
Alameda.' Cal.' ' ¦ ¦ ;- •-':••.¦.
-•'¦-¦
The Original Little BeneficenciaPublica
• . Company of San Francisco. Organized
September, 1893. Drawing June 27.
;i9oi. ; m t y.'g& ¦ .. ¦ -- \-\'- •-.
"The Missouri Pacific Limited*"
The only route having through sleeping
car service' between San Francisco and : St.'
Louis daily. Stop-overs allowed j at . Salt
Lake City.- For full* information ask U.
M. Fletcher. 212 California street. • ' •
Suits for divorce have <. been .' filed -''¦by
Grace E. Hayden against C. H. Hayden
for desertion, Mary Ellen Sullivan against
James J. Sullivan for cruelty, 'Marie As
trup against Iiagen Astrup for cruelty,
Robert C. Gardner against Mary Ann
Gardner for desertion and" Loretta E.
Smith against Frederick W. Smith for de
sertion. Laura J. Burdick has sued her
husband, W. A. Burdick, for maintenance
and support.. . . ¦_--'¦ •-..?-<
Decrees of divorce were granted yester
day to Bruce Ffoulkes from' Jeanette"
Ffoulkes for infidelity. Franklin J.. Moore
from Edith I. Moore for desertion, Annie
M. Kerrison from Robert J. K'errison for
desertion; Cassie Kramer from .Jacob
Kramer for failure to provide and Charles
H. Hatfleld from Alice M. Hatfield for de
sertion. : "- '¦:•¦.:¦.',•; j. .... - • . ;¦"..¦¦
In the Divorce Court.
One limited fare, plus $2," from the East
to • California . and return, via Southern
Pacific, on home-seekers' excursions, semi
monthly, this summer. Southern Pacific
agents will be glad to furnish free Cali
fornia literature for Eastern friends and
accept deposits for tickets. Short 'line
from all the principal Eastern, cities.
Tourist excursions personally conducted.
Call on nearest, agent Southern' Pacific
Low Round-Trip Rates West-Bound
for Home-Seekers.
William Henry," a cooper, who has a
wife and two young children, appeared in
Judge Mogan's court yesterday : on a
charge of disturbing the peace. '.He- was
arrested Wednesday afternoon " on" Sixth
street by Policeman Fontana, who had
been notified by several 'ladles* that a man
had been grabbing hold of them and mak
ing: insulting proposals to them. "\ ' '
Fontana happened to be on Sixth street;
between Market and Mission, ;. and
saw a man grab hold of Miss -Mary
Cleary, 14 Morris avenue, whom he knew.
Suspecting 'he was the man complained
of, the policeman asked him what he was
doing. . Henry replied that the lady was
his landlady, Mrs. Livingston of Howard
street, and that he had simply accosted
her. Fontana . placed him under arrest
and »he threatened the^. officer,, alleging
that he was making a serious mistake. ;
Miss Cleary was. in court yesterday
morning and told the Judge that Henry
struck her on the shoulder when she re
sisted him, and the Judge ordered'that
another charge of battery be booked
against him.. It was done and the case
was . continued until to-morrow. Henry's
only excuse was that he was , drunk. : •
"Mashing."
Sixth Street for Attempts at
INSULTS LADIES AND \
IS TAKEN TO PRISON
William Henry, a Cooper, Arrested on
Branch Hydrographlc Office, TJ:.S./N., Mer
chants' Exchange, San Ftancisco, Cal.,
June 27. 1901." - . . ;
The time ball on the tower of. the new Ferrj
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day—
i. e.. at noon of the 120th meridian, or' at f
o'clock p. m., Greenwich time. -.¦' -
C. G. > CAL.KIKS.
Lieutenant Commander. U. S. N., in charge.
Time Ball.
Shipping Intelligence.
Btmr PoJnt Arena, Hansen, 12 hours • from
Mendocino.
Stmr San Pedro, Jahni>en, 23 hours from
Eureka.
Stmr Alice, Hardwlck, 4% days from Port
land, PtC.
Stmr Whitesboro. Olsen, 11 hours from Point
Arena.
Stmr llatteawan, CroEscup, S3 hours from
Tacorna.
Stmr Point Arena, Hansen, 12 hours from
Mendocino.
Strr.r Giosy, Iceland, 24 hours from Monte
rey.
Stmr Mackinaw, Uttlefield, 77 hours "from
Seattle. • : .
Stmr Santa. Rosa, Alexander, 36 hours from
£an Diego.
U S sunr Kllratrlck, Rogers, 23 days from
SJanila.
Schr 3 G Wall, Anderson, 2 days from Eu
reka. - .,
Schr Queen, Nielsen, 7 days from Port Gam
ble. /
Schr Western Home. Jacobsen, 4 days from
Coos Bay.
CLEARED.
Thursday, July 27.
Etmr ICorth Fork, Fosen, Eureka; Charles
kelson Co.
.
Railroad Ties for Mexico.
The schooner J. M. Coleman cleared yesterday
for Balina. Cruz with X7.939 redwood ties, valued
at $627*.
Large Cargo on the Australia.
The Bteamer Australia, which sailed Tuesday
for Tahiti, carried a general cargo valued at
S44.SC6. Including- the following merchandise : 9
cs arms and ammunition, ISO ctls barley, 67 sks
bran, 20,000 bricks, 37 crs bicycles and sundries,
12 bdls brooms, 6572 lbs beans, 35 pkgs bottled
beer, 33 pkg-g beer in bulk. 46,517 lbe bread, 73
colls cordaee, 1300 gals coal oil, 138 cs canned
goods, 32 cs drugs, 223 pkgs dry goods, 16 cs
eggs, 318 pkg» fruit and vegetables, SI pkgs fur
niture, 1500 bbls flour, 1152 pkgs groceries and
provisions, 262 pkgs hardware, 24 bales hay,
143.SS1 ft lumber, 3163 lbs lard. 34 cs lamp goods,
70 pcs millwork. 41 kegs nails. 14 crs onions, 148
lbs opium, 35 cs paint, 47 bales paper, 2* bdls
pipe. 18 crs potatoes, 2643 lbs rolled barley, 53.710
lbs rice, 60 bdls ghooks, 12,533 lbs 5 bbls sugar,
2S0 bdls shingles. 4<31O lbs salt, 42 crs sewing
machines, 73 pkgs ship chandlery. 37 pkgs sad
dlery and harness, 17 cs stationery. 232 cs 19
pkgs caiman. 2C2 cs pcap. 23 cs shoes, 14 bales
twine, 400 lbs tea. 21 pkgs wire, 87 pkgs wagon
material, 78 cs 2749 gals wine, 11 ctls wheat.
Scatters of Interest to Mariners and
Shipping Merchants. ';»'•.,
The Admiral u-111 load railroad ties at Noyo
for Guayaquil (former charter canceled),
The Madrono could not lift the Iowa's
anchor yesterday, so a diver was sent
down to see what was the matter. On her
last trip the Thomas lost an anchor in the
same spot, and'the battleship's mudhook
and chain has got mixed up with it. A
couple of tugs assisting the Slocum will
be required to get the immense mass of
iron up.
The big freight steamer Hawaiian sailed
for Honolulu, Kahului and Hllo yester
day.
The tramp steamship Horda with 2,009,
000 feet of railroad ties will get away for
Guayaquil next Sunday. She will be fol
lowed by the Victoria. The latter steamer
is now on the Sound, but on her return to
San Francsico she will be sent to Noyo
to load for Ecuador.
Jess Reed was arrested by a deputy
sheriff from Sonoma as soon as the steam
ship Alliance arrived yesterday morning.
He is wanted in Santa Rosa for burglary.
From Santa Rosa he made his way to
Marshfield, Or., and then came here, only
to be arrested on the wharf.
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
"Water Front Notes.
The Buford and Kilpatrlck are both go
ing to New Tork via. Manila. The Buford
will get away about July 10, and on her
arrival in the East will be put in the
Cuban trade. The Kilpatrick will get
away about a week after the Buford.
The Logan and Thomas are being got
ready to carry the school teachers to the
Philippines. The Logan will get away
about July 5 with 125 female and 300 male
teachers. The Thomas will get away a
few days later, while the Grant, with
army officers and civilians, will sail about
July 15.
Movements of Transports.
p»»— j HE British schooner Alexander ar-
I rived In port Wednesday night in
I distress. She was chartered here
j| about elx weelcs ago to take a gen
eral cargo of merchandise and' a
deckloadof lumber to Petropaulovsky. Si
beria. After the merchandise had been
put aboard she went to Ofays Harbor and
there took on ter decWoad of lumber. A
start was then made for the Siberian
coast- This -was on the 13th inst-, and all.
•went well for a time. Then It came on to
blow a gale-from the northwest and the
schooner was hove to. She labored a great
deal, and when in latitude 45 degTees
north, longitude 133 degrees west, sprung
a leak. The men worked on the pumps for
a couple of days, but when the captain
found the water was gaining he decided
to run for San Francisco for repairs. The
chances are that the Alexander's cargo
will be discharged and the vessel put on
the drydock.
Captain Lockluaxt Heard From.
About *Us months *go Captain Lock
hart and H. Olsen of the Pacific Coast
Steamship Company. gave up their jobs
and prepared for a voyage to Nome. Over
at Sausallto they built a small schooner,
which they named the Helen. She was
provisioned, for two years, and on June 12
the adventurous pair, accompanied by two
sailors, started for St. Michael. When two
days out they ran into the northwester,
and soon, the seams opening up, the
schooner began to leak. Captain Lock
hart could r.ot make San Francisco again,
but was driven down to San Diego, where
the Helen now is awaiting an overhauling
and a change of weather.
BRITISH SCHOONER ALEXANDER SLA.KING PORT LAST WEDNESDAY NIGHT IN DISTRESS. SHE WAS
CAUGHT IN A NORTHWESTER WHILE ON HER WAY TO PETROPAULOVSKI AND SPRUNG 'ALEAK.
SHE WILL DISCHARGE HER CARGO AND BE OVERHAULED HERE.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL;: %RIDAY, JUNE 28, 1901.;
5
SCHOONER ALEXANDER MAKES BAD
START FOR THE SIBERIAN COAST
Springs a Leak in Northwester Soon After Leaving Grays Harbor
and Is Forced to Put in Here for an Overhauling*
Steamer.
Destination.
Sails.
City of Seattle. Skaguay & Way Ports. June 29
Dlrlgo Skaguay & Way Ports. June 29
Alki Skaguay & Way Ports. June 29
Senator Nome and Teller City.. June 29
Cottage City... Skaguay & Way Ports. June 29
Jeanle... Nome direct :. June 29
Chas. Nelson.. Skaguay & Way Ports. June 30
J. S. Kimball.. Nome & St. Michael.. July 1
Oregon Nome & Teller City July 1
Victorian Pkaguay & Way Porte. July 3
City of Topeka Skaguay &'Way Ports. July 4
Time Time Time Time •
Date Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft. I
L. Wl H W L W H W
28 .„ 3:15 0.2 10:18 4.0 2:25 3.0 ,*:49 5^8
29... 3:52—0.1 11:02 4.4 3:10 3.1 9:21 6 8
30 ... 4:29 0.4 11:44 4.5 3:52 3.1 10:00 5. a
1 ... 5:05-0.6 12:24 4.7 4:36 3.0 10:37 69
8... 5:42—0.8 1:00 4.8 5:20 3.0 11:21 5 8
S ... 6:20—0.6 1:27 4.9 6:10 2.9..... ..
iH.W L. W H W UW ?.«?!
4... 0:08 6.6 7:00—0.4 2:11 5.0 7:01 '2.7
Steamer.
Destination.
Sails.
City of Seattle. Skaguay & Way Ports. June 29
Dlrlgo Skaguay & Way Ports. June 29
Alki Skaguay & Way Ports. June 29
Senator Nome and Teller City.. June 29
Cottage City... Skaguay & Way Ports. June 29
Jeanle... Nome direct :. June 29
Chas. Nelson.. Skaguay & Way Ports. June 30
J. S. Kimball.. Nome & St. Michael.. July 1
Oregon Nome & Teller City July 1
Victorian Pkaguay & Way Porte. July 3
City of Topeka Skaguay &'Way Ports. July 4
Time Time Time Time •
Date Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft. I
L. Wl H W L W H W
28 .„ 3:15 0.2 10:18 4.0 2:25 3.0 ,*:49 5^8
29... 3:52—0.1 11:02 4.4 3:10 3.1 9:21 6 8
30 ... 4:29 0.4 11:44 4.5 3:52 3.1 10:00 5. a
1 ... 5:05-0.6 12:24 4.7 4:36 3.0 10:37 69
8... 5:42—0.8 1:00 4.8 5:20 3.0 11:21 5 8
S ... 6:20—0.6 1:27 4.9 6:10 2.9..... ..
iH.W L. W H W UW ?.«?!
4... 0:08 6.6 7:00—0.4 2:11 5.0 7:01 '2.7
| Special Sato of F MP©Rlll^"^n Special Sale of \
I Veilings. w z% a ||I^ *" £*2r "* s ll|f| concer. Cigars* \
% 3000 yards of this season's chcicest 35c Nov- *" ¦ Y *^\ * %W49m4M&mmWXJUMG ¦*^^f!L~EV_. /xnE . *. * ¦ Y Until c'osing time Saturday night we will i-ll 3»
J elty Veiiings, the b st p'ain and dotted styles, ~ — > CALIFORNIA'S LARaEST-AMERICAS QRANDEST STORE I _ Tampa Smoker S, 8 fpr \
§ in 18-inch ; all- silk Tuxedo . *^f O^» ' Mk **t* •¥ m^ ¦* 25 7m These are excellent cigars, vatic : r )g
ft? meshrs; to-day only, per yard.. B mm%J0 B MM^lsT»O faAAfiC MryOfMOTOnirO in Tampa, FIrrida, and one of the b:st cigar .«
* : — ! i__ %JI*fmm9QM9 flC?ffffff<fffI9 values ever offered in this city*. .*•
$ Hudnut's Perfumes* " ; ' :^ ; # :: '•»¦ ' r% fv.-V:- ; . .^¦^'¦"¦¦';.,, . - ' S
|| Florida Water. Oit SBlB TO~Uay* ; rffS*&WOJPmk&. J
1? nr^y^y^ci^* -Another great accumulation of remnants of this season's best-likrd black I f yoa wish tt$ to deliver fireworks to your £
Ij^BdSj^^S^^SS and colored Dress Fabrics-such as all-wool ChaUi«, Crepe, Etamines, Crepe |
»* we otfrr at thrsc very special prices for Friday d e Chine, Albatross, Henriettas, Serges, WaistingS, ; etc. ". There are in the col- buy them in the rear of the store, in our X
5? %I Florida Water for^ lection waist, skirt and even some suit lengths, already marked at a reduction J eSSie- Street AntiCX. £
S'soc Pcr'umes— Popu'aVod'ora" 39o lrom re2U ' ar ' prices. On- special sale to-day (Friday), at a still further cut of « - - -_ , 5
S ; 25: sachet powder-Envcopcs; Vor ..i9o one' quarter off* • : aai&or men s «
I FBour 73Cm ' Silk Etons Half-Price J$M\ A l V m r^°l ™***s*™™&a*\
& • &$£ml\ Clothing Sale, the most talked of offer- %
jf Emporium. Brand of Flour; a tp !encil white BO—KmSBW O#l/V« tM^&Q&Srf^ m % of " Men's and Boy3* Hats that this £
V flour that make. , the best of I rJ »d, _ none f . . V , x town has ever known. Nearlvl 5 oo S
S . bmer.-moncy back ,f you ar« not safsicd; . AU'Of • Olir Silk Eton Jackets at half-- in the "onBiul lot now leas than 800 *
1? on special sale to-day only, sack _,_. . •-• , , ... .. , .• . X VZ^T iu me original 10;, now less man 000, _
5 ........;. ..:?:.:?...:... 7Sc price to-day only. Alterations extra but -^g^j^ and they are yours at these prices : J
ft Seeded Raisins— Regularly ioc p:r lb pac'<- prOPPTly dOFJC ' ' '^^v/S^ffi^^ Mrn's 51.35 Fedora Hats cut to Q8O 2*
$ ages; to-day, 4 packages 25G \ c . u - j 1 ¦ ' ** t~ *%r* S^MmvB^^ Men>s k8 5» $*-3S ani1 1-45 SeirT and £
*• Mush-Vict:ry Brandj to-day, 4 packages. ... $IO.OO Silk Etons, to-day only $ 5,00 £^EftWS^k Fedorl Hats ' reduced t0 " • $1'23 C
ft--;.. .'.........¦..'.. ¦.,..: "T25O $12.50 Silk Etons, to-day only $ 6*25 liW Men's $3.35 and 54.00 SrifF Hats, Stetson "^
J a imposed Sardines— To-dav, 3 tins 25o <i r 00 Silk Etons, to-day only... .. .$ 7 m SO ' ¦'•=' PBfflyiffil Jw »n«l Roelofs mak«, cut to $1,93 *
fc » Cof ee— A gcod family bend, per lb.. . 25o < Silk Etans to-dav onlv 91ft /I/I W^O^S^/ Men ' 8 * 5C and Joc Crash Hlts » eut t0 ~25o -J
J? Emporium Baking Powder- R-guarv 37c $20.00 J>1 IK £.tans, to-day only .. .... &1U.UU W Boys' 35c Straw Sailor Hats, cut X.0....23O 5
J lb, to-day................; 30o $25.00 Silk Etocs," to-day only . . . . . .$12. SO > Boys* 75c Wash Sailor Caps, cut to.... 42O $
I ¦•'.-¦¦"..:'¦ •.•".', ;¦- To-niorrow (Saturday) night at 7:30 tlief Emporium Orohestra, under the leadership of Herr A.T^pdemann, $
*< will render its 300th concert. The musical selections for ifiese concerts have always been of a high character and per-\\
S formed ! bp soma of Vie ablest- musicians in this citv. The fame of the Emporium concerts is world wide. To-morrow \
i night an '-exceptionally brilliant affar mav be looked for in the rendition of the specially prepared jubilee Programme. \
I s *te omen's H m Summerfield & CO.'S StOCk Men's Furnishings. %
% and Boys' Shoes, - -.- W# .<«.- # Special Sale. i
£ There are still more than f Of FittO GiOtntnt/ ilOW Oil &C&BO In conjunction with the Summerfield X
S 200 pairs', left .of ¦the,' fy^J '• : '- ; /^_ ., -^ Clothing Sale— reductions of one- ]z
£ broken sizes of Men! s \£*fcf / flH WWJL /%|i JL W&mwMlk quarter, onr-third, one.half and*
tt and Boys' '%&$ J I ' / 4j H^^« m ° Te ° n many Hn " ° f Mcn ' S and
S Shoes, which __ <^?L--^' ': M^\ &•%*** s*> Nr I Boys' Furnishings. . *{
S .are placed on <^jT S^3 ' 4l 'W M I I 116 I S Men;. 50c Neckwear-cut to £30*
J( ' . r 1 .. , Mm ¦ ¦ «/ll^r •• ** Men's 50c Sustxrnders — cut to 23O '5
|- Sale Monday ..,, cj . ¦ ._ , . ¦_ . - , ru fJ ( ', Men's 50c Negligee Shim -cut to 330$
J. in conjunction ' with the Summerfield Notwithstanding, the abnormally large sales of the past four days, the whole- Boys* 50c Neg'igee Shirts— cut to 29o : S
tf Clothing Sale. sale Clothing stock of H. Summerfield & Co. remains practically unbroken as Two-for-»5c Wash Bat Ties — now.... So '&
$ Besides these we have p'aced on, rale a large regards sizeJ .'and styhs. Our fortunate buy I 57c Ofl the dollar M«> ?oe Sflfc Ha^ehiA-<nt to..J7o',§'.
K assortment cf Boys* and Youths' Calf Lace enables '.us to se 1 this well-made* thoroughly dependable c othing for men and m "'IT" d r « S' 8 °edSH"— d l «
S- >Shoe. , likf picture, new.; corn toe, a good b oys at a .. trifle more than half USUIil retail pHcOS. We have to 1 7 # only- re duced to' *65O *
g sol.d tftce iot vacation; m^ai «i«s— . never jj^ nor have we seen better clothing bargains. If you dq Hot need a Men's 50c Balbriggan Underwear— cut to2SO ' J
Sfp||"»5»lSi|i -I. to wear « U,, present, buy for the winter. It will pa, yon.
K These are Some Of the Other Shoe Men's Sack Suits, plan blue and black and m nobby row- — — » wcllmade.... 4/O C
ft hariraim • ' - tures; during this sale '. %&i*m£n3 t ¦¦ , , J»
» & ' ¦ Men's stvliah $ I c. oo Suts, p'ain effects and pretty mixture?; dur- —^ _, ._ ¦ '19 *gm P $}*•** 2»f**€t #? '*» ' "«
} -Men's $a. 50 Lace Shoe. now..;, l^f 43 ingthusae ...J...... §3*9 S '¦ i*? rBrCa/CS ,T*', *
X M.n's $1.95 Shoes, various «yle. f now Q9o Men's finest |ao.oo SuiW,' worsted^, ' plquei,':'^ *i»V '<*&*-**** jm- Another big lot of Perca es, worth from ?Jjfcg»
% Men's $z. 4S Back Cilf Shoes, 'ace. :$f, 23 ' sui ings; now ......... .^//.45 to IS >^c per yard-in the dark rtyle, tor- Jf
| Men's |3 ooChocoiate Color Lace Shoes . Men's h'gh-graee fao.oo Overco.ts, Eng is h , wfcp*^ coverts h?S? wSiaf.SS. TJ^Xf
$ ¦->».— '-'r-SI'82 -^ and Oxfor.£ ounng.th.s sale v .. d • J
* . •• v. Men s stylish Dress Trousers, fine worsteds; during this sa s -jj^ tS CS vard " 6 C %
JC Sleeve Irons 5 Oc. - Bo *¦$:& t^mk "suits," '&^^&\uzai& bay's " _ Harnnn'<s Whfclrfv *
><^^^^V N ° tice thc • F ° int; io to i 5 yean of age; now .¦*..,.........,...:. r &GmZ 7 "" %T Jl mPl KG jf . §
ft S 00^ for ironing shirt . . Men's fancy Vests, siz;s 33 to 40. only, wert and $ 5-O3; T9O m^O m DQ^f 75 Cm j{
*° VV T)r waists or any smill . now ....'...... ........:....' SpjUmZmtE Harper's Pare Rye Whiskey; regu'arly ft.oo X
ff W *"\Jf article; nice'y nickel- Boys' Vestse Suits, si^S 3 to 8 years onlyi were $5.00; during >f O a >ott ' e i sps^al to-day only . . . ,.7SO "*
Jf -^ \t— — ~^\ plated; aluminum this sac. :.... &&.*¥!£ Znfandelj 6 yiars old} regularly 75c a gal on; • jj
J» rjgr^ 6^^! wr bTonzs - fin sh " tc P i Boys* 2-p"c;e Suits, si^tsjor 8 to 13 years of aje only; during Q SO spscial to-day only SOO 3t !
K . ¦ w " \ patent 'detachable th's sale : i. ........" v*»wO Grape Juxt j un'ermmred; to-day on'y — . ¦&¦
£';'¦ handle; these goods h»ve a'ways ¦ gm g+ Boys* |6.oo Long Pants Suits, a'l-wool cheviots and c«simervS, .. Quarts, regularly 35c, for. 25O 2
ffc been sold for 75c esch; our price.;. 9 %MtS sizes fir bo, s ia tj 19 years of age; during this sde.. SfriftiSCf _ Pints, regu'ary 25c, for , .tSO ft
Jf ..'• ".. ' :' ¦ ¦ ¦..-•¦.¦•-¦ ' - ' • . . ¦ . jf.
STATEMENT
—OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
: . . . -OF THE- —
AGRICULTURAL
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF WATERTOWN, IN THE BTATE OF
New on the 31st day of December.
A." D. 1900. and for the year ending on that
day. as made to the Insurance Commissioner of
the State of California, pursuant to the provi-
sions of sections 610 and 611 cf j the Political
Code, condensed as per blank furnished by the
Commissioner.
• CAPITAL. ¦
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up In
Cash,...... — ;'• 1500.000 00
. . : assets. „ ,
• Real Estate owned by Company $242,915 60
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages 784,659 26
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
Bonds o.wned by Company.... 610,172 50
Amount of Loans secured by pledge
of Bonds. Stocks and other mar-
ketable securities as collateral 181.S21 27
Cash in Company's Office. 18.14S 17
Cash in Banks................ J66.3S2 32
Interest due and accrued on all - -:¦
; Stocks and Loans 15.220 74
Interest due. and .acerued en Bonds
, and Mortfrases :... J7.288 71
Premiums in due Course of Collection 135.107 37
Rents due and accrued ............... 800 60
Due from/other Companies for Re- . -'¦• .
insurance on losses already paid... 1.225 01
1 Total Assets - »..\*.:....J2.Z2S.536 35
. LIABILITIES. ) . -. .-•
Losses adjusted and unpaid.......... *22.535 94
Losses in process of Adjustment or. -
-'in Suspense 68.22D 90
Losses resisted, including pxnensesr.. .8.563 00
Gross premiums on Fire RWks run-
ning one year or less. $.10,329 00;
reinsurance' 60 percent.......:..... 3S7.664 50
Gro«s Dremluros on Fire Risks run- ,
nine more than one year. 11.441.-
S £62 00; reinsurance .pro^rata;. ....... 727.912 3«
Total Liabilities ...X ........... ..$1,174,193 80
INCOME.
¦Kft cash actually received - for Fire
premiums,...- •.•::•"•: •: W36.960 16
nM>»ived for interest on Bonds and
Mortgages .........:.... 45.293 Q4
Received for interest and < dividends
on • Bonds". ' Stocks. Loans, and from. !>-tVv
all other sources... ....; " S7.fi?S «9
Received for Rents ..:... 4,365. gl
Received from all other sources...... 819 68
Total Income $1,025,088 3S
> KXPTWDITURKS. ~
Net amount paid for Fire Losses (in-
cluding $91,803 OS, losses of previous
vears) ..•• $567,443 4S
Dividends to Stockholders.........;.. 60,240 00
Paid or allowed or Commission or • .
• Brokennge •• — •¦*'¦ 179,246 1!
Paid' for Salaries. Fees and other
charnes'for officer*, clerks, etc... 92,930 57
Paid for State. National and Local .
taxes .....•.-•••••••••••*•••• • 48.267 44
All other payments and expenditures \ 108.514 82
Total Expenditures .......'.........$1,046,642 40
,'%'," ¦ - : ¦' ;¦'" ' '>i.*-..'v ¦''-¦'.'.'.¦:. . ;,• ' Fire.
Losses Incurred during the year...... - $570.430 oo
Risks and' ; Premiums, j Fire Risks.! Premiums.
Net amount of Risks! •; " .
written during' thel - .¦ . . ¦
year. ..: I $169,364,200 $1,500,351 72
Net amount ¦ of Risks -. " -^ '
expired , during thel ¦ .' ', % .: , f
year ....;..:::... -....I M66.027.70O * 1.421.033 72 i
Net; amount in force! -. '• . „ ¦ ;
'Decembei 31. 1900... .-I 232.S29.200 .2.157.191 00 j
" ~ C.PATTKRSON. Vice Prest. I
¦~:. '', . '¦¦' W.H. STEVENS,' Sec'y. . ,
Subscribed and .nworn to before me. this 28th
day of January. 1901. C.T. PECK.
¦¦'-¦':'•'•¦ : ' v ' - . Notary Public. \,
EDWARD BROWN & SONS;
t'v V '';'¦'.'':' CBIVBRAV : AGENTS';;. " : \.'.,.-'
411-13 California : St., San Francisco, Ca!.
GEO^HrmURDOCK,
;¦ , ¦¦'•• "'¦¦' 'S"/J,C}TY : i AGENTS' ¦ -
412; California Street. :
OTJTTCJTJ'C'Q FOR BARBERS, BAK-
lJXlUljriJlO ers - bootblacks, bath-
¦frr* -V l T*^""T houses, 'billiard tables,
brewers, ', bookbinders, -• candy-makers,- canners,.
dyero.*. flourmills,:. foundries. * laundrlee.1 paper-
hangers, ¦ printers, painters, shoe factories, sta-
blemen, vtar-roof ers, ¦: tanners,' -tailors,' etc. -
, ; ( i VBUCHANANBROS.
Brush Manufacturers, 609 Sacramenio St
STATEMENT
-.— OK THE—
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE——
DELAWARE
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF PHILADELPHIA. IN THE STATE OF
Pennsylvania, on the 31st day of December.
A. D. 1900. and for the year ending on that
day, as made to the Insurance Commissioner oC .
the State of California, pursuant to the pro-
visions of sections 610 and 611 of the Political
Code, condensed as per blank furnished by tha
Commissioner:
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up - '
In Cash ~ $702,373 00
I:';*.' ;.... , ASSETS.
Real Estate owned by Company $162,300 00
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages . 123,700 00
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company 8S0.S36 00
Amount of Loans secured by pledge
of Bonds. Stocks and other market-
able . securities as collateral 60.000 oo
Cash In Company's Office .'.... 465 4S
Cash In Banks 157,197 M
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans...: : 12.749 50
Interest due and accrued on Bonds
and Mortgages L81S 31
Premiums in due course of Collection 112.231 43
Rents due and accrued. 639 23
"Total Assets $1,507,201 47 %
¦ r^'| f "( t^ LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid $1,296 52
Losses in process of Adjustment or
• in Suspense ....'. 80.435 4*
Losses resisted, including expenses..' 1,875 00
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning one year or less, $360.609 90:'
'reinsurance 50 per cent '. 1S0.304 SO
Gross premium on Fire Risks run-
ning more » than one year. $663.-
949 61: reinsurance pro rata " 345.375 00
Amount reclaimable by the Insured
on perpetual fire insurance policies 108,924 50
Cash dividends remaining unpaid.... 77 00
Total Liabilities J639.5O 3>)
INCOME.
Net cash actually received for Klr»
premiums • $634,999 M
Deposit premiums on perpetual risks. 14.613 IS
Received for Interest on Bonds and
Mortgages - 4.523 H
Received for interest and dividends - ; >;
on Bonds, Stocks, Loans and from
all other sources 46.622 17
Received for Renta _.. 9.820 00
Received from all other sources l.m SO
Total Income ....." $761,636 6?
EXPENDITURES.
Xet amount'pald for Fire Losses (ln-v V .-;
eluding $61,334 45. losses of pre-
vious years) $474.554 82.
Deposit premiums returned. 4.395 SI
Dividends to Stockholders 43.132 30
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage ' 146.882 44
Paid for Salaries. Fees and other '.-•:
charges for officers, clerks,, etc.... 72.702 iO
Paid for State, National and IJscal
taxes : i <••• 29,505 34
All other payments and expendi-
tures n.m 23
Total. Expenditures .....;..... ....}... SM2.344 it
. Fire.
Lossea Incurred . during the .year..;. $475.730 0)
Risks and Premiums. Fir* Risks. Premiums.
Net amount . of risks
-written during the
Tear $94,502,824 fl.0S4.953 7J
Net amount- of Risks . .¦¦¦ _ ;.
expired during the
year 79.401.163 996.247 70
Net amount In force
December 31. ,yOO lCg.836.046 1.024,559 21
" . / ¦ CHAS. H. TARXALL, Vice Prest.
HENRT LTLBURS. §ec'y.
Subscribed and sworn to before me. this 2l3t
day of January. 190L
RICITD H. REILLT.
Notary r»ubllc.
EDWARD BROWN & SONS,
GENERAL AGENTS;
411-13 Californ'a St., San Francisco, Ca!>
ROBERTSON &*NIPPERT,
CITY AGENTS.
216 Sansom 3 Street.
lily Of $11 jb-M
STATEMENT
OF THE • . :
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
—OF THE — '. ¦ ¦''-.
AMERICAN FIRE
INSURANCE COMPANY ;
OF PHILADELPHIA. IN THE STATE OF
Pennsylvania, on the list day of Decem-
ber. A. D. 19CO. and for the year ending on that
day, as made to the Insurance Commissioner of
the' State of California, pursuant to the pro-
visions of sections S10 and 611 of the Political
Code." condensed as per blank furnished by the
Commissioner.
- - . ~ CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up in '¦ -
Cash $300,000 00
ASSETS.
Real Estate owned by Company - $404,379 50
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages...... 936,47a 55
Cash Market .Value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company ..' 807,710 25
Amount of Loans secured by pledge
¦ of Bonds. Stocks, and other mar-
ketable securities as collateral. S.800 00
Cash In Ccmpany's Office 9,310 51
Cash.»in Banks.. 139.098 29
Interest due and ' accrued on all -.
Stacks and. Loans '. 95 CO
Interest du« and accrued on Bonds
and Mortgages » .v :.;;„.'... 15,248 74
Premiums In due Course of Collection 133.139 87
Interest and Rents due.. 7,260 0«
Ground rents, well secured 20.320 00
Rents accrued 231 22
* Total Agsets .".' ...".*... .$2,477,069 M
LIABILITIES.
.Losses adjusted and unpaid $37,170 40
Losses in process of Adjustment or -
in Suspense 82.941 09
Losses resisted, including expenses.. '5,99155
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning one year or less. $1,038.501 92;
reinsurance 50 per cent 519,250 36
Gross premiums on Fire (Risks run-
ning more than one year. $1,012-
354 18; reinsurance pro rata. 506,977 1!
Amount reclalmable by the insured •
on perpetual fire insurance policies 577.377 4<
Total Liabilities W.729.7C8 5S
INCOME.
Net cash actually received for Fire
premiums $1,303,208 35
Deposit premiums on perpetual risks. - 23.793 43
Received for interest on Bonds and -
Mortgages 50,377 55
Received for interest and dividends v; l >
on Bonds. Stocks, Loans, and from
all other sources 40,660 II
Received for Rents 8.854 00
Received from all other sources 3.813 42
Total Income .......$1,433,708 98
EXPENDITURES.
Net amcunt paid for Fire Losses (In- •
eluding $170,385 32. losses of previous
years) $987,738 24
Deposit premiums returned - 18,154 37
Dividends to Stockholders 35,000 OC
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage- .' 294.9S9 SS
Paid for Salaries. • Fees and other
charges for ' officers, jelerks. etc... 48,100 00
Paid for State. National and Local
taxes '.. 47.8S5 63
All other payments and expenditures 174.347 93
Total Expenditures $1,606,216 07
'-".:?¦•'¦ * ' V' '. Fire.
I Losses Incurred during the year . $S43.455 9<
j Risks and* Premiums. I Fire Risks. Premiums.
I Net amount ' of ') Risks! .
written during the
year ..:...... $198,369,667 $1,697,384 16
Net amount . o( Risks ' - -. .. .":
expired during the . ' .
year ...; 190.651,410 1.824.128 93
Net . amount In . force
December 31. 1900....: ' 187.413. 199 • i, C30. 836 10
. THOS. H. MONTGOMERY. Pvest.
RICHARD MARIS. Sec"y. .
Subscribed and >worn to before ¦ me. this 1st
day of February, 1901. H. F. REARDON.
. . ¦ ___ Notary Public
' EDWAKD BROWN & SONS,
.GENERAL AGENTS. '
411-13 California St., San FranMsco, Ca!.
,;; C^A^HENRy,':'* <=O»»
¦-; CITY AGENTS,
215 Sansome Street.
Weak Men and Women
HOULD USE i DAMIANA BITTERS, THE
>^ great . Mexican remedy: gives ; health and
strength to sexual organs. Depot, 323 Market.
THE EMPORIUM.
THE EMPORIUM.
THE EMPOBIUM.
THE EMPORIUM.
ra ...» This Great Train • ¦
I " nu ; runs but twice I
§i per week during ¦
I THURSDAY
§3 rue Leaving at 9 am, I
m it arrives In H
Iriiirnnyii Chlcagoat25 I
I GALIFOBNIA sa^j-
I liMiTFn ~ I
I Uml I \W its Mfr standard 1
H Of service 1$ . H
I ON > (uily maintained, j
[am Ft j
; '^>— <>.— : S TRIC TL r RELIABLE.
l^sJ&i , ¦ : . • : • ¦ ONLY ! •' .' t ' 5 ' ¦
W?S4s& R Y FAR THE
. k/jOhra.- • "-* greater , number of
j*f ots. *7Ji\ patientB , • seeking • relief
'¦^fAt2&^£SfcJl\ \N for so-called weakness
/// "?*??*y/\p9 are strong, robust 'men' in
'rP \ \J I Nv' eve ry other respect. Our
•\\ \Kt\/l // theory that Loss of VHal-
-H. \\\}\f/f ; ity Prematureness, etc.,
are , not | weaknesses, but the , symptoms of ln-
¦ flammatory processes in the^-.Prostate Gland
(so-called neck of bladder) • caused by . con-
.tracted disorders and early dissipation, is now
being adopted by the leading specialists of the
world. Under.. our local plan of treatments
directed toward reducing the enlarged ¦ and
swollen Prostate.'., immediate results, as indi-
cated *' by increased circulation and renewed
strength, are observed. Our colored chart 'of
the organs, which we send 'free on application,
is -interesting' to any one wishing to study, the
anatomy .of . the male. ; • ' . , .*
DR. 1ALC0FT & CO., 997,Market St.
E ? p ATENTSl' ;)
| MAPKPT ST.55 1 SgSitr .;¦
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogues and\Pr ie 9. List3 Mallii.
on f" Application: , ,
: COAL;r'cOXE AN ) I>I 1 IRON".
• I f WH 90K & Cfi 9C0 Battb'ry" Street.
J- ly fflLjUn <*, VV 1 ;; Telephone Main 1864.
:¦ :.-. .-^..: v- '-'COPPERSMITH.'^- ¦.'¦•-..'v" '
f W ShIp PI "robing. Steamboat ann :
.».; " V-Hlll Il» Ship Work a specialty. 16 and
19 Washington st. Telephone Main I B641. ¦¦' ; •.-.:.:
": ¦'¦'¦'" FRHSrl^ AND' SAL IV-MEATS. >• ' r-.
JA V FftVFS it Cif Shipping Butchers/ r 104
JA?> DUICJ ttVJy ciay.-/Tel.. Main , 1294 -
,;¦ -¦;¦..'•' -;r-. ?'- : :U oils. O''^P- ". ':¦¦'. ¦'¦: >-,-Vr,
LUBRICATING OILS. LEONARD & ELLIS '
: '.; ; 418 Front st.'. . S. . P.' : Phone ' Main 1719. • ¦ - l
''¦'¦ ¦"¦„;..¦. ¦ ¦ :;¦•:'¦¦ ."phintinq.' •. -- " ¦ ..¦¦'-* %: : ,
EC HIIfiHF^ " PRINTER.^ ¦'¦?M'&
L< : HUUIIC3. . r SU Sanaome at.. S. P.
• PRINTERS, BOOKBINDERS. ¦ '•
THEHICKS-JUDD CO., , '
, .; ; 23 First Street, San Francisca.'
¦¦-•-•¦.^aBBfflBHBBBK'V"".^''^ ..>£^9Sde'¦'V ¦ . '• ¦ • '•('¦/.,..,. ;
;^William Jennings ¦-, Bryan ..has ':. commended; .Mark ;
.Hannaas ; a candidate for, the » Presidency. ?' Even) the;
well • wishers ¦ of^Wjlliam Jennings ' 'ought"" to hope that
; he meant his commendation as a joke. ¦
' Now the plumbers' of ; FresnV have 'struck, and the
, publicjs "looking for. a, path to . the woods,',': • • ;
WASHINGTON, June 27.-The following
Callfornians arrivod»here to-day anA rejr
Istered: At the St. James. Louis Tanninir
Jr.; at the Ebbltt. A., Hock; both of sS
Francisco. #
ANSWEBS TO CORBESPONDENTS.
THE LAST SPIKE-Subscrlbcr, -City
The last spike of the Central Padiic
Railroad was driven May Z>, 1865. '
MACHINE SHOPS-W. R. M., Oakland
Cal. The machine shops of the Southern
Pacific Railroad Company located at Sac
ramento are as large again as those lo
cated In Los Angeles.
FIRST QO1NS-H. , M.. City. The au
thority to Issue coins under the sanction
of tho United States was by Congress
granted April' 2, 1792. The first United
States coins issued under, that act were
half cent arid one cent pieces In 1793.
SUMMER HATES' at Hotel del Coronado,
Coronado Beach, Cal., effective after April 15,
|60 for round trip, . including 13 days at hotel
; Pacific Coast 3. S. C»., 4 New Montgomery, st.
Calif ornians In Washington.
Several of the largest sugar refineries in Louisiana
Ere reported to have arranged for using Texas oil
instead of coal for fuel, and according to the esti
mates made at present prices $50,000 worth of oil will
do as much work as $150,000 .worth of coal."
In commenting upon the absorption of the Glas
gow Mail by the Record of that city, the Westminster
Gazette says the number of morning papers in Scot
land has been thus reduced to seven. Even so large
a city as Glasgow has but two, and Edinburgh only
one. ' • ,
The persistent agitation which is now going on in
Kansas, Nebraska and Missouri for the formation of
a third party looks very much as if Bryan were pre
paring a place for himself in case the Democratic
reorganizes should squeeze him out of that party in
the next Presidential campaign.
The American officer detailed to study the South
African war reports that the Boers are not soldiers.
Considering what they have done, one may ask what
would have happened had they been soldiers? It
is worth while to remember that European officers
made the same comment on both the American armies
in our Civil War; yet it is probable that those armies
combined could have beaten the rest of the world in
arms.
NEW YORK, June 27.— The following
Calif ornians are In New York:- From San
Francisco— Dr. Brown, "at the Belvidere;
W. H/ Chlckering and Mrs. H. D. Clark,
at the Manhattan: Mrs. 1 J. Potter and J.
B. Potter, at the Everett; H. G. Shaw, at
the Astor; C. L. Webb and E- H. Brown
at tho Imperial; Mrs. H. M. Fortesque, at
the Park Avenue; H. B. Inman, at the
Grand Union: Mrs. M. Shearman, at the
Park Avenue; V. Waldron, at th© Im
perial; H. C. 1 Somers, at the Holland
From Santa Ana-L. D. Mercereau at
the Continental.
Calif ornians in New. York.
Huntington's secretary for many years,
will also co to. New York to reside there
permanently Und look after Mr. Hunting
ton's interests. Graham's removal to
New York will be received with great re
gret by his many friends In this city.
where he" has made himself Immensely
popular, especially with railroad men.
; . A.'iS. Holt, Pacific Coast agent of the
Pennsylvania lines, is making an extend
ed, tour of the East and will not return to
this city for three months.
:; Hon. John G. "Woolley, who was the
Presidential candidate on s the Prohibition
'ticket at the last, election .and who was
recently staying at the Palace, left for the
East yesterday. -
Major E. V. Preston, -general manager
of agencies of the Travelers' Insurance
Company, of • Hartford, '•' accompanied ;'• by
hia iwife and daughter, is spending a
few weeks on tho coast.
1H. E. .Huntlngton will start for New
York to-morrow and will be gone' .a
month. C. E. Graham, who. has, been Mr.
¦ C. M. Hartley, a prominent merchant.of
Yacaville, is in the city 911 business' and
has made the Grand his headquarters.
;/J. C. Ben tz.GTT extensive In cu
rios, who lives at Pasadena,' arrived here
yesterday and Is at the Palace.
, ; Fred Dodd,, proprietor, 'of the Hughes
Hotel at -Fresno, is staying at the Lick.
He Is accompanied by his wife.' .. ¦' ¦¦¦
„ James E. Bell, Mayor of Everett, Wash.,
and president- of the Bell-Nelson Mill
Company, is at the Grand. . . ", ":>,'
Peck Epplnger, accompanied by his
wife, returned from Europe yesterday and
la at .tho .California. ', ' v. - ' -.'
f 'John J.« Byrne, -general passenger agent
of tho Santa. F.j Railway at Los Angeles,
is, at'tho Palace. .. '¦•,-.
J. A. McBrldo, . proprietor of the Etna
Springs,*' Is In the city and Is slaying at
the Grand. ¦ • >
. Henry Ifahn, a prominent tanner -and
wool dealer of Portland, Or., Is at the
Lick. ¦¦ •¦ '¦ ¦* ¦ V ' ; .:";V :^- %'";*:>;'% '
James F. Peck, ' an attorney of Merced,
is a guest at the Lick. *
W. A. Junker, manager of the Hotel Del
Monte, Is a,t the Palace. .
C. B. Jlllson, a mining man who resides
at Napa, Js staying at the Grand.
. Rudolph Noel, a Maiden Lane Jeweler
of New York, la a guest at th© Palace. /
PERSONAL MENTION.
Here, then, are two excellent things— the suppres-;
sion of the" child labor system and an increase of the
public school system. Such movements will go fair
toward preserving the South from the reactionary
tendencies; of Bourbonism. They will help /to place
the social organism of the ,South _on the '"same", level
with that of the rest of the country,: and- when' that
occurs Bourbonism^ in politics . will .; vanish. ./ Indeed/
there arc already evidences of ; revolt against ?it,' and
the South may be said to be irnprovingali along the
The rule is to go Into effect: September 1. The as
sociation, it-is jinnounced, 'will urge* the Legislature
to increase 'the ; school facilities for the children of
the State, andthe members who represent the largest
arhount of property have ' declared a willingness to
bear the increase of taxation necessary to provide- a
long term of effective public school instruction.
. . According to the report of the proceedings, of the
association given, by the , Atlanta Constitution the
agreement recites "that the extended employment of
children growing out' of .local conditions . was riot
profitable, as the . leaks rnore than counterbalanced
the difference in wages that would be demanded by
more mature help; that hereafter under no circum
stances will children of 10 or under be employed; that
no child 'under 12 shall be employed at "night, save
in ease^ra widowed mother to whose support the
work rnay.be necessary, and that even this labor'will
notibe employed unless;it has four months' schooling*
each year."' ' ¦ .' - ':, ' • ! ¦„
One of the: latest of these better . developments 13
the action taken by the _Georgia Industrial!Associa
tion to bring about the abolition of. ichildlabor.; The
issue has been under discussion a long tirne.V'In'fact,
a year ago the Georgia Legislature came very near
enacting, a stringent law forbidding such labor.' At
that time the mill-owners were opposed to the law,
but they have "since come ¦ to the' conclusion to do
voluntarily what they objected to being forced to do.
WHILE'the actions of Alabama "and "Virginia
in following the lead of in- dis
franchising the negro show that Bourbon
ism is still the dominant element in Southern politics,
there are evidences that better elements are at work
in the social organism, and that they are greatly im
proving the- conditions ' of the Southern; people. ?
THE IMPROVING SOUTH.
A notorious gambler and a discredited. ex-Chief of
Police'of Seattle mixed things the othenday, and one
is dead and the other is in jail charged. with his mur
der. The pea'ce abiding citizens of the town are to be
congratulated -upon this improvement in. their con
ditions. • ¦¦'¦¦ '- ' .
The subject is' Qne that deserves the. earnest atten
tion of educators in mapping out the/courses of in
struction to be given in the schools at the opening
of the coming term. We are collecting at. consid
erable expense of time and money a museum 6f com
mercial exhibits, and it will be nothing more than
common, sense to fit young men and young women
to use it to the iftst advantage for" their employers.
The University of California is well, equipped to
take the lead in raising the study of geography in Cali
fornia to the ', position it holds in Gefmany. The
influence radiating from -Berkeley would soon have
good effects on ; the public schools and colleges of
the State, and especially in this city, where geo
graphical knowledge is so rhuch in demand. Were
such instruction given, bur merchants would soon
be able to obtain in their, employ young men who
could make a much more profitable use of the Com
mercial Museum than others who lacked. the knowl-.
edge which comprehensive geography teaches. ' . .
Now that we have learned so profitable a lesson
from the East we might well endeavor to. make it
more profitable still by learning in connection with it
a lesson from the thoroughness with which the Ger
mans teach geography. The rapid advance of the
Germans in the commercial world, which is one of
the most remarkable features of the history of the last
twenty-five years, has been the result of many forces
working harmoniously together. Not the least among
them is the stimulus to foreign, commerce given. to
young men in the schools and in the universities by
instruction in geography in the fullest sense of th'e
word. Such instruction docs not consist. wholly in
physical geography, or political geography ;# riot in
teaching the student how to locate on a map a river
or a' town, but it embraces the whole relation of man
to the earth, deals with everything of industry; com
merce and politic^ and, indeed, with well nigh the
whole of life. •*•>•'*'. ?.'\$%i ''•;*'' ?¦
With that much accomplished or undertaken it is
fair to assume that within a comparatively short time
we shall have a commercial museum second only to
the great institution in Philadelphia. That it will be
widely beneficial there is no reason to doubt. The
history of the museum at Philadelphia is conclusive
upon that point, for it reveals the fact that there is
an urgent demand on the part of manufacturers and.
merchants for just such exhibits as the museum af
fords. The later and larger developments of the mu
seum have, in fact, been- caused by efforts fb meet the
demands of trade. and industry, and have been in no
sense an extension or expansion of the enterprise from
a mere desire for bigness. , Trade conditions on the
Pacific are not so widely different from those on the
Atlantic but that we may with reason expect the his
tory of the museum at Philadelphia to be paralleled
by that of the museum in this city. . W
GRATIFYING reports have been received by
the officials of the Pacific Commercial Mu
seum of the progress made in the work of col
lecting exhibits. The agent in Manila of the museum
gives assurance of an excellent collection of articles
of trade and industry from the Philippines, the ex
hibit of Costa Rica at the Pan-American exposition
is to be obtained for permanent exhibition here, and
instructions have been prepared to direct the work
of an agent in collecting exhibits from the various
countries of South America.
TRADE AND, GEOGRAPHY.
The need for the service. is great,* and the impor
tance of it is well understood by everybody. It is
therefore gratifying that Secretary Wilson has so
promptly given the Weather Bureau authority to
install a wireless sj'stem as soon as a suitable one has
been found. The system found suitable on the Nan
tucket lightship will certainly be suitable on the Faral
lones. It is therefore to be expected that action will
be taken to establish the service here as soon as it has
been successfully in operation there. ' Certainly there
should be no delay. There "is no telling what day
some vessel lying in the fogs off the Farallones may
be ia dire need of just such service as wireless teleg
raphy could give. It may be safely said that in a
matter of this kind every day is of value. Immediate
action is therefore in the highest degree desirable,
and it is to be hoped the Weather Bureau officials
will be prompt to make use of the authority granted
them by the Secretary.
We have, then, the prospect of an early establish
ment of the much desired service between San Fran
cisco and the islands which, lying thirty miles away
at sea, serve as an outpost from which information
can be dispatched of the approach of shipping, and
also from which news can be sent to the Weather Bu
reau of all the phenomena which are useful to' the ex
perts of the bureau in making forecasts of the weather.
The Herald" plant is to go into operation July 1.
There may possibly be some defect in the machinery
that will disappoint expectations at the first attempt,
but of the eventual success of the service there are no
doubts in the minds of those who have given any at
tention to the work which has been accomplished by
the Marconi system. The Herald itself, for the pur
pose of completing the tests of the system, made the
recent experiments of sending and receiving wireless
messages between various stations on the British
coast and the steamer Lucania as she made her way
down the channel to the open sea, and they were en
tirely successful.
SAN FRANCISCO'S interest in the approaching
operation of the wireless telegraph service
which the New York Herald has installed on
Nantucket lightship is hardly less than that of New
York itself. Thanks to Secretary Wilson, it is well
assured that as soon as possible after the successful
operation of the plant on the Nantucket lightship the
Weather Bureau will install a similar plant for the
purpose of establishing wireless communication be
tween the Farallones and this city.
THE NANTUOKBT TELEGRAPH.
At one of the meetings of the Y. M. C. A. con
ference in 'Boston there was read a message from
King Edward expressing sympathy with the work of
the association. In describing what followed the
Boston Journal said: "Everybody shouted, and those
who had not climbed. upon their chairs stamped and
jumped up and down in a kind q! frenzy, and the less
demonstrative, whose hands were not busy waving
something, applauded in more conventional way. The
vast audience, larger ..than at any previous session of
the convention; and more brilliant, perhaps, for it
was a so_rt of college night, had sprung to its feet
at the mention of King Edward's name. A moment
of roaring enthusiasm, and some quavering voice
started 'God Save the King.'" Evidently the boys
had been jubilating with too much Boston lemonade.
CALIFORNIANS ¦ may- again congratulate
themselves- thafthey;live in a .climate where
heat arid humidity' are not associated. In our
rainy season'it'is not : hot, and in our -hot season it is
not humid. Heat and •* humidity are .'.-hunting ' in
couples just novy and slaying people by scores from
the Rocky Mountains to the Atlantic! Coast' Drivers
fall dead from their seats ; and horses 'drop iri harness.'
The public hospitals are crowded ; with patients who
are prostrated by heat and humidity.
When the temperature* ran- from 92 at St. Paul arid
03 at Chicago to 102 at El /Paso, and the humidity
from. 70 to 90 , i$er cent, the maximum temperature
in California ,was 82 at Red Bluff, 76 at Sacramento,
84 at Fresno, 60 at San Francisco, 76 at Los Angeles,
and 64 at San; Diego; and the minimum temperature
at Red-Bluff was 60, at Sacramento 52, Fresno 52, San
Francisco 48, Los Angeles 58, and San Diego 60. A
little fire in open grates and fireplaces was found com
fortable, morning.and evening. The humidity in Cali
fornia was not worth recording. "
. . A study.of the Eastern heat and moisture discloses
the fact that the tropical isotherm runs into that af
flicted country in the summer, in respect both to heat
and humidity.' 'That same isotherm reaches far north
in California/but brings dry heat only, leaving its
moisture behind/ For an outsider to comprehend our
climatic advaritagesjit is necessary that he understand
this relation of Jieat and humidity. . • ' ?¦' .
( If the country west- of' the \Rocky Mountains were
subject to a temperature . of go or 95, and an average
humidity of 85 for the greater part of the year, ¦ it
would be uninhabitable to white men. Even now they
flee from the weather as from a pestilence, and by hun
dreds of thousands take refuge in far Northern re
sorts, on Lake Superior, the coast of Maine and in
the maritime provinces of Canada, while we are en
joying a little fire on the California hearth, or are at
work in a dry air at a temperature that would kill
thousands if associated with humidity.
In discussing tropical labor, the San Francisco
Chronicle says: fcWe do not believe it to be true
that white men cannot' labor in. the tropics. If is no
hotter there than in 'the. interior valleys of California."
The Chronicle might have.said truly that it is often
not as hot White men work in comfort in a Califor
nia dry temperature of 105, but the same men would
die in an hour in that temperature in Cuba, the Phil
ippines or Chicago. If the Chronicle thinks that trop
ical temperature and humidity are favorable to white
labor, why does it not praise this Eastern weather as
the best part of the year in that region, and advise
a rush thither from California? These insufferable,
conditions of heat and humidity in the Eastern part
of our own country, which lasf but a few weeks and
are intermittent, are the permanent conditions of the
tropics. People in this country are deceived by. the
report of temperature from Hawaii .and the Philip
pines. The maximum does not seem high, andVitHe 1
Chronicle helps the people to fly to conclusions* that
are not warranted by the facts. . A " • ;'* '
Just fancy the conditions that, prostrated Chicago'
on the 24th and 25th inst. prevalent the whole year
with but slight intermission, and you have the con
ditions under which, the Chronicle insists that white
men can work in the tropics.
HEAT -^ND: HUMIDITY.
LOOKED at from the standpoint of availability for active
. service, the only true way to Estimate the efficiency of
the National Guard, Camp Gage was a success. Those
. , that went under the. tents last week in search of work
and .Instruction found both in, plenty. . Those that went In
search of play found but little, of it, and they have returned
complaining that the camp ground is too far from town, that
it was too big and that too little attention was paid to the
Instruction of the individual soldier..-.
It is true thafbut little time was spent upon the individual^
soldier, comparatively speaking, but 'the last day of the en-.
•campment showed. such a marked improvement in his knowl
edge and bearing that It was plain the "camp had supplied
many things in which he was lacking. Besides a soldier in an
army is a small thing. ' He is not even. a unit In the system un
til he has other men with him to forma squad, and since the
double rank formation was, adopted he IS only half as impor
tant as he was before. /In the guard, however, the individual
soldier seems to be paramount- He elects his officers and he
threatens them with failure of re-election if they go not his
way r in-;all things,- and' altogether the individual soldier has
much more consideration so far as his opinions, are concerned
than. he is entitled* to. The encampment was not for him as
an individual. It was for the soldier collectively, and particu
larly for his officers. Anything, in , the way of individual in
struction, if properly attended to, could have been taught In
1 the "armory before going • into the field, and the camp could
then - serve its real > purpose — field Instruction. A few weeks'
drilling will make a'' good" soldier '.in all but experience, but it
takes years to make a good officer; and if the camp did no
more it demonstrated that the guard Is in need of good officers.
Real Discipline Lacking. .
The officers of the line maintained a fair discipline all
through the week, but it was not' the true discipline; not the
discipline and respect that comes for the. rank" and the straps
"regardless of the man; not the sort that prevented officers in
uniform from drinking and hobnobbing with men In uniform;
not the sort that made it Impossible for an order to be ques
tioned;^ not the sort that showed judgment In the handling
of the men and that- secured prompt obedience. The relations
between the. junior officers of the National Guard and the men
in the ranks are from a military standpoint entirely false, and
it is in' just those relations that discipline commences.
It Is' apparent there is nothing in the shape of «' man so
utterly helpless as a private soldier whose officers will not or *
cannot look out for him, and the encampment demonstrated
that should active service come there are many men who
would be in just that helpless condition. It is more important
to them if they are going to remain in the service that their .
officers be well trained than. that they themselves shall be well
trained, and such training can best be had In a large encamp
ment. The division camp developed the resources of the
Junior officers by giving them the duties that belonged to them
with only directory and not supervisory authority over them..
Every afternoon was left to the regiments to do as they
pleased. . Some company commanders used j the time In the
school of the squad and the school of the company; most of
them allowed their men to call It a half holiday with unlimited
passes. Yet they 'are the ones who are complaining that too
little was done for the individual, soldier. In a division en
campment the instruction of the. soldier belongs to the Junior
officers and to the sergeants If 'they be as. capable as they
should be. Field and general officers should have no time for
fours right and company lines. The Instruction of a sentry
belongs to the sergeant of the guard, and it can be done and
should be done by him. The camp demonstrated that fre
quently the instruction of a sentry was not beneath the duties
of a colonel.
It Is not the intention of the State that an encampment
shall furnish the school for the elementary instruction of sen
tries, of non-commissioned officers, of awkward squads and of
the dozen or two dozen other branches of the military art that
competent company officers can teach their men In their
armories, but it does contemplate the finish" of an armory edu
cation in the art of war. It expects that there shall be open
orde^, firing drills, skirmish lines of attack and defense, battle
rushes "and formations, the placing- of troops for assault and
to resist assault and all the points that governithe handling of
the men in the field and works for the purpose' of their organi
zation. It contemplates the teaching of the care of the men
in camp, their rations and their protection from disease within
as well as from assault, without, and the demonstration, sadly
necessary in the California Guard, that prompt and unques
tioning obedience, without any knowledge of the reasons for
it;' are the first attributes of a soldier, be he in the ranks or
bearing shoulder 'straps. With all this to : be crowded Into a
week. the Instruction of the individual soldier is a small ques
tion. He is to b» considered only in his collective capacity.
; A Few of the Breaks.
An Instance of -this willingness on 'the part of Juniors to
take, charge of situations themselves was in the departure of
the First Infantry and the artillery battalion from this city.
The orders were that, the artillery should follow*he Infantry,
as It does rn all cases, even when the commanding officers are
of equal rank, but the artillery, started first from this city and
arrived first in camp. And the same thing happened at. the
breaking up. It may be urged that the artillery was ready
first, 7 but that has nothing to 'do with the situation. 'Again, to
go farther up the line, but one of the ; brigadier generals re
ported himself ready to leave the camp on the break-up. When
they were, ready they got out, leaving -the .time an indefinite
quantity until the commands started. And In smaller things —
It .was the custom for the "first few mornings for each brigade
to pipe up reveille and rout out its bands whenever the brig
ade timekeeper found the hour had arrived. There should not
have been a note until the call. from the guardhouse and the
raising" of *the-flagf..at-divlsiqn headquarters. There was noth
ing serious about any of those" and the many more little breaks
that occurred, but It showed plainly the desire to "go It alone 1 '
that. is. not part of a good military system. A right assumed
has : limits more or less indefinite, and it may.be exercised in
things Important as well as in things trivial. * In an 'enemy's
country it might easily become advisable that all calls be dis
pensed with. 'A brigade reveille under those circumstances,
that did not wait for._ a | call from headquarters, might prove
welcome information to an f opposlng outpost. •'
; the drills in open order, and above all in the practice
marches, ' was where the great work of the" encampment was
done; but they were almost entirely, drills more for the officers
than the men. It. is' easy or comparatively so for a soldier to
learn'how to "fire at will," to fire aSlimlted number of rounds
or to fire in "volley," but it takes longer to teach his officer
when to order the fire at will, the limited number of rounds or
the volleys. In the meantime the soldier should be able to get
A German, in advertising for a lost pljr,
said: "It has no earmarks except Its tail,
¦which is missing."
"What a saving of time and other things
tn«MNs would be," remarked the Observer
of Events and Things. "If a man could
take his first ocean voyage and his lirst
smoke at the same time."— Yonkera
Statesman.
Jou can convince a woman that the
earth Isn t round." said the breakfast cy
nic, 'but you can't convince her that the
druggist doesn't make 50 per cent profit
on postage stamps."— Philadelphia Rao
ord. v
CHANCE TO SMILE
One more thing was demonstrated by the division encamp
ment tha> Is important. The matter of transportation should
be separate and distinct from the camp allowance. If it costs
a regiment $1000 to go into camp at Santa Cruz and but $100 to
camp but a few miles from home, the saving in transportation
is Its best argument against traveling to a division encamp
ment The camping allowance should not be drawn upon until
the regiments have pitched their tents and occupied them, nor
after they are struck and the regiment starts for home It
costs the regiments of the First and Third brigades twlco as
much to camp with the division as it does tho regiments of.
the Second Brigade, yet the allowances are the same. Money
saved on transportation means more to spend on equipment
so the element of geography becomes an important one It
would be better if the State transported the regiments to* the
ground and home again and allowed them cash only for their
subsistence while in camp and for their equipment.
So in the last division encampment the complaint that there
was not enough individual instruction for the soldier means
that the junior officers did not attend to their duties; It means,
too, that there was no time and no place to do the work that
should have been done in the armory; It ia a protest against
the fact that the camp was not one for recruits, but one for
soldiers. A division encampment means that all the organiza
tions m the guard shall be placed side by side In their true re
lations to one another and as parts of a whole In which the
identity of each Is lost . That many of both the officers and
men do not see It In that light does not alter the fact, for that
is what active service means, and unless the guard ia carried
along with active service as its end and aim It is a useless ap
pendage to the treasury. The encampment brought out forci
bly what was apparent before, that what the guard needs is a
better appreciation of the principles of the military system, a,
greater willingness to perform the duties of one rank without
seeking higher "authority without higher rank, and a greater
unwillingness to accept high rank or any rank without having
or seeking to acquire the knowledge necessary to support it.
Men have been elected as good fellows In the guard to com
mands that place them absolutely, should they be called into
active service, in charge of the safety and the lives of scores
if not hundreds of men, and tbey have hardly the military abil
ity to attend to. their own safety. There are many -wtio are
soldiers no deeper than their uniforms. ' '..
The tour of duty in Santa Crus went to show that the
sooner a center of authority is recognized In the National
Guard of this State the better. Quicker than anything else,
the division encampment showed that companies and bat
talions are, after all, but small things when they become part
of an army, and it is so they should be treated. It ia hard for
an officer who knows his duties to give way to one who he is
sure doe's not, but that Is the service, and unless there is a
willingness to do so the whole thing must fall. It Is hard for
a private in the ranks to' realize that after all his rifle is the
only thing about him of any Importance, and that It is really
more serious not to have it clean than not to be clean himself,
but the fact remains, and nowhere Is It better demonstrated
than In a division»encampment. In a squad in the skirmish
line a man ia a man, but In a battle line stretching across three
miles of country a man is no more than a spot on the hillside.
It is then he begins to realize that his life Is In the hands of
those above him. and when as a national guardsman he has a
chance to elect hia officers he should remember that and elect
good ones. A tent in the open with. five men In It is a con
tplcuous thing, but in a division encampment it is but a patch
of canvas with two flies and a half of men under it. All this
to the man who is in the guard for fun Is disagreeable, but the
enthusiasts understand It and are satisfied. It Is the base of
the military principle that it should be so.
Competent Officers Necessary.
The quartermaster's department showed itself efficient ia
every way. Colonel Rlckon, the division quartermaster, was
called home the second day and the arduous duties of the de
partment fell upon Major J. TV. A. Off, quartermaster of the,
First Brigade. A better man could not have been selected.
Contracts were made in on© and everything was done through
the_ division, the principal result tot which system will be a
large savins In the expense.
The commissary department was in the bands of lieuten
ant Colonel Huber, and It ran along without a hitch until one
day one of the regiments complained that it had not enough
to eat. The complaint was investigated and It was found that
of the day's ration of meat there was still enough for another
meal, when it should have been dealt out to companies to the
last 'pound. An overzealous commissary had tried to make a
day's ration go half again as far as the commissary depart
ment expected or wished, and his command went short in con
sequence. There was a lesson that was of vital importance to
the regiment, although It had no individual instruction to the
soldier worked Into It.
The signal corps men worked harder than any set In camp.
They strung wires and established communication between
headquarters all through the grounds, and . their work on th©
practice marches made apparent the reason the Government
was so willing: to take them at the opening of the war.
Colonel McCarthy's field hospital was as well equipped aa
the best in the city, and the canvas walls in place of those
hard finished made up the greatest difference. The principal
trouble was a lack of patients, for the camp was an aggres
sively healthy one.
Division Staff Efficient.
It was in the departments of the « staff, however, that th«
camp found Its greatest field for Instruction. The division staff
proved itself an efficient body of men,, partly because each man.
is skilled in the department to which he has- been assigned.
,but mainly because all are enthusiasts: but even as it was it
was a valuable experience to them and quite as Important to
the man in the ranks, who will reap the benefits of competence
at headquarters. Down the line, however, among. the Junior
staff otecers, there is need of many mor© division encamp
ments.
all the Individual Instruction he need3. unless he heeds not
what Is going on around him. He^can learn to look out for
himself within his own limits, learn to shoot straight and to
leaving planning to those above him.
When Last's brigade, coming home from Its practice
march, appeared over the hill the call to arms was sounded
and within twenty minutes .the camp was guarded and out
posts were patrolling the country from a mile and a half to
two miles out. General Dickinson placed his men with a skill
and quickness that won comdliinent3 for him from the regular
officers who were attached to -the camp. In that hour of the
morning was one of the drills, for which camps are formed,
and the instruction of the individual soldier .was of secondary
importance while it was going on.
If the wild assertions of sensational journals' are
to be accepted the staid and "highly respected old
town, of Philadelphia can give the other cities of the
Union up-to-date lessons arid a little' more on muni
cipal corruption and official 'dishonesty, in everything
affecting the public welfare. -Perhaps the old town is
tired of being considered behind vthe times.
The death of the wife of President McKinley's Sec
retary of the Treasury and that of the son of his Secre
tary of State make his official family share the com
mon lot and universal fate.
When the attention is fixed upon such a group. as
a President and his Cabinet the havoc made among
all by the incidents of mortality is more plainly real
ized than when man is contemplated in the mass. In
Mr. Cleveland's first administration Secretary of State*
Bayard lost a loved daughter, Vice President Hen
dricks died, and a member of Attorney General Gar
land^ family passed away. Secretary Lamar did not
long survive his advancement to the Supreme bench.
In General Harrison's administration sorrow invaded
the White House in the death of" Mrs. Harrison, and
Blaine passed from the State Department to his grave.
¦And in Cleveland's second Cabinet Secretary of State
Gresham died.
Our people, who so recently .met the "bereaved
father, and admired him so sincerely, offer their con
dolence in an effusion of unaffected feeling..
Himself associated witlf the highest tragedy in our
national history, as the official confidant of Mr. Lin
coln in the Civil .Wary the Secretary was gratified by
the quality shown by this son,' who is dead untimely.
Mistakes might have been forgiven to his youth,
but he made none, and when his service was
over, with a sobriety of mind not often found at his
age he treated as a matter of course that he should
have done his duty, as that was expected of him. His
father is a man of peculiar goodness and simplicity of
life and manner, devoted to his family and of the
most lovable personal traits. This son was like all
his children, dear, and he felt great pride in the fault
less and honorable manner in which he had carried a
great responsibility.
.. How false and mistaken it all was is now history.
He reached his post and served his country with the
greatest activity, intelligence and wisdom. It is riot
easy to please a people under such awful stress as
w.ere the Boers. But he accomplished that delicate
and difficult task, and when the city of his post sur
rendered came home with the good will and praise
of all with whom his official duty brought him in con
tact, and at last with the praise of his own countrymen.
The young man -was sent to represent his country
as Consul to the Boer republic, and many there were
who delighted in deriding the appointment and in
predicting his failure to impartially represent our in
terests in that storm center of the world. He was ac
cused of pro-English sympathies, and a storm of
abuse followed his departure to duty that was fiercer
than the equinoctial gales that buffeted his ship.
THE whole country in a general and sincere way,
and his many friends in a very special and per
sonal way, will genuinely sympathize with Sec
retary. Hay in the tragic death of his very promising
son. . , .
THE SORROWING SECRETARY.
That can be done" only by geographical studies, and
just as the schools and, universities of Germany work
with the empire buildersirifitting young men to carry
German commerce into far lands, so should those of
California assist in expanding our commercial em
pire.- ' •¦¦ V . ' ¦ -• \
THE ...SAN;', FRANCISCO CAIYL, FRIDAY* JUNE 28; 1901 :
The guard for absolute efficiency requires the very best officers.
From a military standpoint the relations between junior officers and men in the ranks are false.
The drills were more for the officers than for the men. ;.**"
The recognition of a center of authority in the organization is necessary.
The matter of transportation should be separate and distinct from camp allowance.
The guard needs a better appreciation of the principles of the military system.
THE GATHERING AT CAMP GAGE DEMONSTRATES THAT
SOME OF THE LESSONS OF THE
NATIONAL GUARD ENCAMPMENT
FRIDAY........ .........JUNE 28/ 1901
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietoi:
AUrest AH Commcaie»tlnii to W. 8. LEAKS, Xt&igtr.
WAXAGKirs OFFICE. ... . . •T»**P*«»«^ J^f"". ™**
1'UBLICATIO.V OFFICE. ...Mnrltet a»tl Third. 8. F.
• Telephone Prcn -01.
EDITORIAfnoOMJ 217 to £31 SteTengon St.
Telephone Press 302.
' i *
DeltTered t»r C«rr«erw. IS O*t» J»er .Weelc .
Stnzle' Cpptra. S Cent*.
Terms tor Motll. Including Pmtatret
DATI.T CALX. nnclBdlae Snncay). cue year.«...........~.»«-M
DAILT CALX. flncluClne Sunday). • month*.—............ t.00
Dailt CALL (lnclodlnr Sunday). S months..*....... 1-50
PAIL.T CALL-By 6l&r)e» Month *.~...-~... <5c
tVEEICLT CALL. One Tear. ••••• - *•<•
All postmaster* m «•> nnthorised to recelTB
'¦ «nl)«?rfpftoil». ; ,.
• Eample copies ¦wtll t» forwarded when<r«cuested.
Katl rnbncrtb»n> In Crderftic chane* of addrnm should b«
particular to ciT* both KEY? ANT> OL.T> ADDRESS in order
to Insure a prompt and correct compliance with their request.
OAKL.i.TD OFFICE - 1118 Broadway
C. GEORGE KKO GT. ESS.
Xtstgn Foreign Advertising. Ktrf netto BoHding, Chlciyo.
( <Lccs: Distance Teleiihon* "Central I61J:")
NEW TORX COEBESPONDENT:
C. C CARLTO5 .Herald Square
JCEW VOR1C RKPRESENTATTVBi
ITEPHEJf B. SMITH -SO Tribune Ball dinar
! ' KKTWT YORK NEWS STANDS:
Waiaerf-Astoris Hotel; A. Brentsno. -II Cnlon Square;
Herray Bin Hotel. I
CHICAGO NEWB STfANDSt ,
Cherman JIm«: P. O. Xnm Co.; Great Northern Hotel:
FY^mont Hmwi Auditorium Hotel.
AMUSEMENTS. — — —
Central— "tTncle Tom's Cabin."
Tlvoll— "The Toy Maker."
Orrheura — Vaudeville;
Columbia — "Under Two. OTars.'' ' . . -
Olympla, comer Mason and Eddy streets— 8 peclaltles.
Alcazar— "Sarho."' \ ¦--¦
Grand Opera-house — "Fedora."
Chutes. Zoo and Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon and
evmlng.
Fischer's — Vaudeville.
Recreation Park— Baseball.
Mechanics' Pavilion— Boxinr to-night.
Sixteenth and Folsom streets— Scientific Boxing, Thursday,
July 4.
Sutro Baths— S^-lmmlng. • ¦ . -
6
Choice candles, Townsend's, Palace Hotel*
Cal. dace fruit 60c per lb at Townsend's.*
Special Information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by th«
IVesa Clipping Bureau (Allen's), C10 Mont-
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
The population of Northern China Is al-
most completely vegetarian, tho chief ar-
ticles of food belnjr millet, rice, maize,
potatoes and turnips.
¦ m » •
Official BoutQ Christian Endeavorers
to Cincinnati, Ohio.
The Burlington Route via Denver h*» been
selected as the official route. Through Pullman
Tourist Sleeping Cars to Cincinnati will leave
San Francisco July 1 at 8 p. m. Tickets on
cale June 30 to July 1; rate. $78 50 for round
trip. July 1-2 we will sell round-trip tickets
to Detroit at *83 25: July 3-4 to Buffalo »S7:
July 20-21 to Chicago J73 30. For aleeUrg car
bertb9 call on" or address W.D. Sanborn. Gen-
eral Agent. 831 Market street.
Quickest way to Yosemlte.
"Tho Santa F« to Merced and 'state thenc«
via Merced Falls. Cdultervllle. Hazel Ore«n.
Merced. Bl* Trees. CaseadA FalU and Bridal
Veil Falls to Sentinel Hotel. This gets you In
at 5 In the afternoon, which is ahead of anr
other line and costs you less. Ask «t til **»«.
ket street for particulars." •
TO SUBSCRIBERS LEAH5G TOWI FOR THE SUMMER.
Call ¦ofeacrlixera contemplating m ckaage »f
***ideaee during the nmmer months can htm
tkelr paper forwarded hy mall to their neir
*4dr«-aa«-B or aotlf > Jnsr The Call Bulnen Office.
TW* paper will al.o be em Bale at all ¦nmmer
P»"ort» and la represented br a local «reat ia
aU town* «m the coast.
AUCTION SALES.
By S. "Watklns— This flay, at 11 o'clock, Horsts, at* corner
Tenth and Bryant streets.
By "W. M. G. Layne— Thursday. July 11, Horsee, at 721
IKEA. T. Vogelsang of the Board of Fish
Commissioners yesterday arrested a vio
lator of the quail law at Cloverdale. The
culprit was convicted and fined $40. Vio
lations of the game laws are becoming too
numerous to suit the commission, and. a
vigorous campaign against the lawbreak
ers Is planned. ' -
Game Law Violator Caught.
Frederick Ambich, an old newspaper
peddler, was found dead in his bed yester
day morning-. He had been sick for sev
eral days, and the autopsy showed that
death was due to cirrhosis of the liver.
Ambich was a familiar figure at the in
tersection of Market and Kearny streets
for many years. . \*L"
Death of Old Newspaper Vendor.
WARNED BY IiYNCHEBS
AN1> TRIES. TO LEAVE
Witness Aigainst Lookout Lawbreak
ers Attempts to Escape Through
Writ of Habsas Corpus.
Spencer & Raker, attorneys for A. C.
Colburn, a resident of Modoc County, who
gave . damaging testimony before the
Grand Jury In regard to the recent lynch
ing at Lookout, and who was placed In
confinement last Tuesday when it was
discovered that he intended to leave the
locality, filed a petition for a writ of ha
beas corpus in the Supreme Court yester
day.
• Colburn knows a great deal about the
crime at Lookout, and was forced to tes
tify a week or more ago. His evidence
was ' of a highly damaging nature to the
accused parties, and he was warned that
any delay in that section of the State
might.cost him his life.
Colburn immediately settled up his af
fairs and was on the eve of departure
¦when his arrest was effected by Superior
Judge Harrington and District Attorney
Bonner. It is claimed by his attorneys
that his detention is illegal, and his im
mediate liberation is demanded.
- Between 4:30 and 6 p. m. dally Station D
holds the hardest working men in San
Francisco. They have thousands of let
ters to handle and are oppressed with the
certainty that, work as 'hard as they can,
they will never get all of the epistles into
the mails Tor which they are intended. It
is. not their fault, but the fault of the
merchants who delay until the last min
ute, or of clerks who fail to deposit let
ters earlier* in the day. With the in
crease of the mail the trouble has been
aggravated constantly and the Post
master, found It necessary to administer
the rebuke contained in the foregoing ex
tract from- his open letter. Within an
hour and a half, beginning at 4:30, the
Southern Overland, the Central Overland,
the "Owl" ;and the Coast Line mails all
get away, and they are all heavy with
thousands. of letters. •;• r .¦¦..••; V •
The prompt dispatch of a mall is a matter
which equally interests you and the Postofflc©
Department. To insure .this It Is necessary that
mail should bo deposited in the- letter boxes
early and often. " The practice of . many mer
chants of permitting the mail of the day to ac
cumulate until the very last hour and then
depositing It in a bunch at the end off -the busi
ness day is the cause of much of the Irregular
ity- and delay complained of.
¦-: The merchants of • San Francisco have
been admonished by Postmaster Mon
tague. Yesterday every merchant in the
city who has a large amount of mail mat
ter to handle received a small letter writ
ten In red Ink, In which he was forcibly
reminded of his or some other man's
shortcomings. Two hours later a score
of, men in Station, D of .the postofflce. at
t% foot v of Market street, perspiring as
they ruefully, gazed at tons of letters that
were dumped in for them to sort and get
away on malls about to depart, were won
dering whether the public would take the
advice of the Postmaster or would con
tinue.,,their heart-breaking practices of
the present. Postmaster Montague wrote:
Postmaster AdmonlShes
Them to Mail Letters
TSarlier.
• >
Irregularities and Delays Are
Caused by Dilatory .
Posting. -5
GIVES ADVICE
TO MERCHANTS
- ¦¦ - ' ; ¦ f .-.',¦¦.--•---¦ - ¦*¦¦¦„ ' - . . ¦ ,¦ - ¦ -~-v •- '-
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JTJKB 28, 1901. ,,.
Continued From Pagpe. One.
I Coming Excursions.
There ¦was still more sp^echmaktng. T.
F. Howze of the Demopolis Dispatch, an
old-time Democrat, saw in the striking: ex-
sociation, summoned the members of the
guild to attention. He made several an
nouncements of plans for future entertain
ment, and In behalf of the association ex
pressed his thanks to The San Francisco
Call for the great pleasure affo/ded by the
excursion. Sentiments of appreciation ex
pressed by Mr. Rountree were applauded
by the ladies and gentlemen of the party.
He called upon Hugh M. Burke to speak
for The Call, and the latter responded.
After the response S. G. Wolf addressed
the throng, Fpeaklng of the interesting In
cidents of the outing and the wonderful
attractions of California. Mr. Rountree,
perceiving that Uncle George T. Bromley
is loved by everybody, introduced him to
the audience, and In a happy and charac
teristic manner the celebrated High Priest
of Bohemia started a current of laughter
on the water front. The Alabamans were
quick to catch the original features of the
Ftyle. and Uncle George was likewise
sudden in getting on to the fact that he
¦was captivating the fair guests from Mo
bile to Huntsville. •
The burglar makes hay while . ; the sun
doesn't shine, "r < r ,
Southern Pacific will sell Fourth of July
excursion tickets at 'low. rates from every
ticket office on the system.* On sale July 3
md . 4, : limited to July > 8. For j details in
quire of nearest agent; or at 613 Market
street.'. * .¦: ~ v .-... ¦'¦¦ _ ¦;¦¦¦; ¦ ...... ,
Low Bates All Over the State.
The Draymen's < Association filed a pe-,
tition'with the Board of Public Works
yesterday requesting that Fourth street,
between Bryant and . Harrison; Spear
street, between Market 'and : Howard;
Front street, between Washington i and
Jackson and between Pacific and Val-*
lejo, and Howard street, between » Third
and Fourth, be repaved with basalt
blocks, and also that the : pavement on
Fifth street, from Towns end to Howard.
Draymen Want Streets Paved.
-Wo have Just received a large stock of
tho newest novelties in/ writing papers,
consisting, of the "Peau d'Antilope,"
"Carrara Marmor" and "Linen Lawn" pa
pers, all of which are made in new and
fashionable sizes. Monogram dies made
and paper stamped.' Sanborn, Vail & Co.;
HI Market street. •
"Nevr Writing Papers.
M. J. McDonough of this : city paid a
visit to soldier friends on * the transport
Logan last Wednesday night, and at half
past 1 o'clock yesterday -morning was ar
rested': by '¦ Inspector Enlow while coming
down; the gangplank for. attempting to
smuggle : a box of twenty-five cigars,
which he had concealed; under his vest.
William Beveridge, second assistant en
gineer of the China, pleaded guilty yes
terday In the United States District Court
of ; having attempted to smuggle $ several
yards of silk, which he had wound around
his body. -He was ordered to appear for
sentence this morning. - -
Another Cigar Smuggler Caught.
Max H. Kershow, one of the best
known college athletes who ever visited
the Pacific Coast, passed away In this
city yesterday after a prolonged illness,
aged 29 years. His remains will be shipped
to an uncle in Philadelphia, his former
home, to-morrow. His parents are. dead.
Kershow was an extremely popular
man. He came to this city two years ago
and took up his residence here. He had
been ailing for years, and three months
ago was compelled to seek his bed. . He
was attended by Drs. Wagner and Renz.
At an early hour yesterday morning he
passed away. His brother Carl, Miss Ada
E. Thall his physicians and attendants
were at his bedside when the end came. •.
Kerahow was a graduate of Yale. - On
completing his studies at that Institution
of learning he entered. the Harvard Law
School. While at Yale he took an active
Interest In athletics and became ezoert la
3£AX H. KEBSHOW DIES
AFTEB LONG ILLNESS
Well Known Athlete Pases Away Far
Prom Home but Surrounded
by Friends.
pole-vaulting. For several , years he held
the amateur championship of America in
this event. He was an Intimate friend of
"Del" Hay, the son of the Secretary of
State, v who met a tragic death at New
Haven several days ago.
be.relaid on the proper grade. The Board
of Works is in. favor of the improvements
designated and will endeavor, to effect
them should Its funds be sufficient to do
so.
The programme was a' long one and but
little time was lost after the guests had
arrived in getting it started. - Fred S.
Myrtle, president of the Press Club, ad
vanced to the footlights and welcomed
the editors and their friends from Ala
bama heartily and sincerely and in the
name of the club, the, newspapers of the
city and the California Press Association,
under whose auspices the guests were be
ing received in the clubrooms. He called
upon W. D. Pennycook, president of the
California Press 'Association, and he
echoed the words already spoken and
added the hope that the Alabamans would
come again and stay longer, if not perma
nently. W. E. Yerby,. chairman of the
delegation, expressed: the thanks of his
companions and' their appreciation of the
courtesies shown them. \ . -
Then, as* Myrtle put it, v the serious part
of the programme was taken up. There
was a piano duet by Charles 0. Henley
and Ray Irwin, which was encored
George King sang ".What of the Bow "
and then In response to Insistent applause
"The Bedouin's Love Song."; Miss Rose
Broderick sang. two pretty little soprano
songs, and Homer Henley followed with
a ringing barytone solo that kept palms
beating until he sang twice more.- Miss
Etta O'Brien . followed, and after her Dan
Lawrence, and then the ever entertaining
Billy Hynes came out to sing and "crack
Successful Programme.
vaded by an atmosphere of friendliness
and good fellowship ever present when
newspaper men meet newspaper men and
sit down to enjoy a pipe and a bowl to
gether.
The assembly hall had been rigged in
its prettiest for the occasion. Across the
stage hung- the word "Alabama" in let
ters of white. Above it was a shield bear-
Ing ' the crest of Alabama, and on each
side -was looped up' bunting of red and
white, its folds caught in bunches of pink
roses and a confusion of green. From
the center of the hall hung bunting of
red, white and blue, with streamers of
red radiating over the ceiling and ending
in electric lights, and pendent from these
were big bunches of ferns. Around the
centerpiece was set a square of Japanese
lanterns. Brilliantly hued and swinging
restlessly they colored the decorations
overhead like the turn of a kaleidoscope.
At the molding above each window a
shield flashed brightly from a nest* of
green, and from below it sprang great
green brakes "out and up among the
lights twinkling on the ceiling. Bunting
of red and white was looped along the
walls. More clusters of green branches
studded with roses like points of dull Are
completed the decorations on the walla
and windows, and among the clusters and
from under the bunting and over the ceil
ing the electric lights glittered and flashed
as if they, too, were inspired . with the
fellowship- of the occasion.
amples of industrial development In Cal
ifornia through the enterprise of Claus
Spreckels that there was much in a sys
tem of protection to commend.
The Alabamans are looking forward
with pleasure to the excursion through the
Presidio and. Golden Gate Park to the Cliff
House, Sutro Heights and ocean beach.
The Pacific Ocean is what they are most
Interested In, as many of the party dwell
Inland.
Mr. Pennycook of the Vallejo Chronicle
represented the California Press Associa
tion. Mr. Harrison of the San Francisco
Press Club and a committee of ladies con
sisting of Mrs. Hugh M. Burke, Mrs. Ja,r
nest C. Stock and Miss Marie Lawler con
tributed to the pleasure of the guests
aboard the Defiance.
The cruise was not extended to Mare Is
land and Vallejo, because the visitors did
not arrive In San Francisco until 10 p. m.
Wednesday evening and are scheduled to
depart Saturday morning. It was deemed
best to give them two hours of the after
noon to do a little shopping and see the
sights of the city In their own way.
At the Press Club.
The reception to the visiting Alabamans
in the Press Club last evening was one of
the most successful social affairs the club
rooms have Been. . It was a gathering
bright with the gay dresses of ladies, gay
with the bright faces that still smiled
over the memories of the day and per-
SOME OF THE SIGHTS AND SOME OF THE PEOPLE THAT HELPED MAKE THE TRIP ON THE BAY YES
TERDAY ONE LONG TO BE REMEMBERED WITH PLEASURE AND PROFIT BY THE EDITORS OF
THE ALABAMA PRESS ASSOCIATION.
. In the awards for furnishing supplies to
the various departments of the municipal
government ~ the Board of Public Works
appears to ¦-<¦ have done better in - some
cases than the Board of Supervisors. - .
.The price at^ which wire nails will be
furnished .¦ the Board • of»Works will-be
.0359 cents per pound, while the Board. of
Supervisors will pay .8 and; 10 v cents per
pound for nails used by, the County Jails
and the' Police - Department. ¦ Assorted
screws will cost the Board of Supervisors
38 cents perJgross, while the Board of
Works V. will • pay only . 19% cents. -t Sand
paper will be luraished the Board", of
Works for $2 95 per. ream, and the'Super
visors will , pay. $5 per. ream for the. same
goods. In some cases the same'; firm was I
the successful ~< bidder and charged two
prices to the two boards. j
Supervisors.
Board .of Works Gets LoWer Bates on
Some' Goods Than Board of ,
CONTEACTORS CHARGE
. THE CITY TWO PRICES
For this afternoon The Call is endeavor
ing to secure permission to take the vis
itors to the famous old "bulldog" of the
sea, the battleship Oregon, that lies in the
stream off Folsom-street dock. It hopes
to be able- to announce to the -visitors be
fore noon that its efforts have been suc
cessful.
The resolutions had been passed and the
last of the refreshments were rapidly dis
appearing whim : Mr. Myrtle announced'
that The Call building, was to be lighted
up at 12 o'clock, and as the people crowd
ed'to the big windows of .the assembly
hall the tall tov.er flashed in the
darkness, outlined in fire and raising its
brilliant crest ! high over the surrounding
buildings until it seemed, to pierce the
sky. In ; the distance the thousands of
lamps blended their rays until the faces
of the building glowed like heated iron
and the tall structure < stood out against
the sky like a new -sun" in the heavens.
For an hour it flashed its* radiance into
the night, and then suddenly as it came
it went again, leaving only • the single
spark that always burns bright on the
crest of its lofty dome.
This morning the visitors, will be taken
for a ride to th^ park ¦ and 'Cliff over the
electric lines. ; - ¦'¦•. , ¦'¦ - .. .;'.,¦
Big Building Illuminated.
The programme was arranged by John
Harrison, secretary of the Press Club, and
to him is mainly due its success. '
Resolved, That the Alabama Press
Association, here assembled, tenders
its heartiest thanks to the California
Press Association, the local press and
the San Francisco Press Club for the
delightful entertainment to-night
and especially to the ladies and gen
tlemen who have taken part in the
programme.
Resolved, 1 That the Alabama Press
Association returns its siricerest
thanks to The San Francisco Call for
the magnificent ride on the bay and
for the many courtesies it has ex
tended to 'us. -
It had an unexpected addition, however.
In the passage of the following resolu
tions by the visitors:
The Call Thanked.
jokes, and at his third call he sang his
laughing song, with an accompaniment
by the whole audience before' he was
through. Virginia Carroll, the whistler;
Arthur Cunningham of the Tlvoll and W.
J. O'Brien, and a speech by Uncle George
Bromley wound up the evening's enter
tainment, v rr-rrv-
Light Refreshments Served During Programme—Gall
Building IIluminated-~Trip to Oregon.
PRP^^ n T TR TTJDrM^T/^THT^ ¦W7TTT-T Tut? "CrMTTSOQ
ri\jcoo llud 1 rlKVJlNvjrilJ Wllri Iric JilJl=i^Kp:
FROM THE FAR AND FAMOUS SUNNY SOUTH
7
GRAND 1 OPEJ3A. MOUSE
PACKED EVERT '¦ NIGHT.
MELBOURNE MacDOWELL
*.' Batfcorted by FLORENCE STOXE.' * .
la SARDOVTS GREAT SOCIETT DRAMA.
FEDORA
MATINEES SATURDAY AND STTNDAT.
Souvenir Photograph of Mr. MacDowell at
.... : Saturday. Matinee.
PRICES." '. 10c. 15c, 23c. 50c, Ro
Branch Ticket Offlce— Emporium.
Next "Week— T. Daniel Frawley Presents
"THE ONLY WAY." Superb Cast. Including
E. J. Morgan, John Mason, Theodore Roberts
and Katherine Grey.
A NEW COLLECTION OF VAUDEVILLE" 3
FAVORITES.
EMILY LYTTON, CHARLES BOWSER AND
COMPANY, EZRA KENDALL. GARDNER
AND VINCENT, SISTERS MAHR.
ODELL WILLIAMS AND COM-
PANY, COLE AND DE LCSSE, '.
: «. : THE BIOGRAPH AND LAST . i ¦
1 • WEEK OF THE EAST - 1 '
INDIAN PYGMIES,
"Fatma «nd Smaun,"
Who will continue their receptions to children
after matinee performances.
Reserved seats, 23c; balcony, 10c; opera chairs
and box aeats, 50c.
Matinees Wednesday, Saturday and Sunday.
*TIV0L1*
••A FETW MORE NIGHTS ONliY."
EVENINGS AT 8.
"DON'T MISS THIS GREAT HIT.!* .
LAST TOY MATINBB SATUR-
DAY AT 2. S .¦:¦
¦¦¦ EVERY CHILD WILL, GET A TOY.
THE
TOY MAKER!
SUNDAY. JUNE- SO— "BABES IN THE
WOOD."
Popular Prices 25c and BCo
Telephone— Bush 9. .^ \
f*fll IHU9DI A SAil FEAHCSCO-S
VUEbUETiJJIM IMIfJGTHEATHE
THE HUGE TTHTT^T1T>
TRIUMPH! I III 111
! Every Nigrht (except 1 I H K
Sunday), matlnea Sat. I 9 I III
Charles"" W J, I U JJ 11
COLOSSAX.
PRODUCTION. ,-.'; -;.-, T^^9
By Arrangement with _#^^_f
DAVID BELASCO. £i__Bf
Paul M. Potter's TIT ¦ £>» /^i
6- Act Drama on III 1 III 1
Oulda'B Famous Novel. I a I || I V
Over 100 People, HI II I V
Including I I I tt ITl 1
BLANCHE BATES 1 JJiiUU
as '¦CIGARETTE." •
Seats Ready for SECOND WEEK, Including 1
SPECIAL HOLIDAY MATINEE Jply 4
It's AH the Rage Again.
FLORENCE ROBERTS,
Supported by WHITE WTHTTLESEY.Vf- .
f In Her Greatest Success, ''~?/"M'
ISjHlI: MO;
ONLY MATINEE TO-MORROW. 1,^; "'
i!^"\S Orchestra— First She Rows— 75c ¦ >
SEATS SIX DAYS IN ADVANCES.
NEXT— "THE SCHOOL FOR SCANDALS* '
• *^ iNtSZt CITY rttXi
TO-NIGHT and Saturday and Sunday Ev"gs.
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
Mammoth Spectacular Revival of
UNCLE TOM'S CABIN
Buck and Win? Dancing:, Bloodhounds, Negro
Melodies, etc
PRirP<I Evenings ....10c. 13c, 23c, 35c. SOo
rttlWCd Matinees ......10c. 15c. 2So
NEXT MONDAY— The Popular Actor.
,:- . JAMES M. BROPHY.
In the Great American Play,
"DAVY CROCKETT."
i Extra Matinee Fourth of July (Thursday). '
JULY4,
BEFORE SAN FRANCISCO ATHLETIC CLUB
SIXTEENTH AND FOLSOM STS.. 2 P. M..
>M JACK MOFFAT
OF CHICAGO
VS.
GEORGE GARDNER
;..t . OF BOSTON.
—FOR MIDDLE-WEIGHT
CHAMPIONSHIP OF THE WORLDl> v =V
AL NEILL of San Francisco
¦ : VS. • "',- " ¦¦•
CHARLES (Dutch) THUBSTON.
TWENTY ROUNDS EACH.
CHUTES AND_Z00
BIG VAUDEVILLE BILL.
LUNETTE,
THE MAID OF -THE AIR.
TO-MORROW NIGHT.
MONSTER CAKEWALK,
Telephone for Seats. Park Z3.
THIS (FRIDAY) NIGHT.
I — — CHAMPIONSHIP BOXING BOUTS -— -
i CHAMPIONSHIP BOXINOtBOUTS — —
. CHAMPIONSHIP BOXING BOUTS — —
I JACK ROOT vs. KID CARTER.
JACK ROOT Ts. KID CARTER.
' TIM CALLAHAN r vs. JOE BERNSTEIN.
TIM CALLAHAN vs. JOE BERNSTEIN.
' TWENTY ROUNDS EACH.
— MECHANICS' PAVILION — » ; * *
ADMISSION ONE DOLLAR. J •.¦•*:.¦•.¦.¦¦'.
R^erved Seats Now on Sale. 64 Ellis street.
i _______ — . ¦ .
JBASEBALU
SAN FRANCISCO ys. SACRAMENTO.
TO-DAY AND SATURDAY
t - AT 3ilS F». JW.
* SUNDAY AT 2-.30 P. M. .
RECREATION f*ARK,
¦ Eighth and Harrison streets.
FTSCHFR'S con cert house.
CHARITY MARTIN. Sle. ADramoff. 'Mur-
phy and Hart. . Lillian Levey; Arthur Parent,
Charles Chenoweth. Ed B. Adams, Alice Bar- -
nurn and Stanley and Wai ten.
- Reserved Seats. 25c.' Matinee Sunday.
— : — :,..- ,...'.
SUTRO BATHS. ,
OPEN NIGHTS.
Open dally "from '7 a.' m. to U p. m.
Bathing: from 7 a. m. to 10:30 p. m.
ADMISSION 18c CHILDREN 6c.
Bathinx. Including adnjlsslon. 23c; children. 20a
;|i_y Call Hop wm
AMUSEMENTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
jump in family washing.
Naptha and soap together:
Fels-Naptha soap saves half the
work and washes better.
Your grocer returns your
money if you don't like it.
Fels & Co., makers, Philadelphia.
* ¦ ' • . . '. ¦ -
•¦ *> . ¦ • •
World Famous Marian! Tonic
REFUSE SUBSTITUTES. Vin
Mariani is on sale -at drupr stores
throughout the world. The public is
especially . cautioned against substi-
tutes and imitations attempted owing to
the popularity of Vin Mariani.
-_m^' VIM, VIGOR, VITALITY for MEN
&£*%&< MORMON BISHOP'S PILLS
_f% s<r &» sS5w have been in use over fifty
gAyffiffigBjft years by the leaders of the
: l—B^^riiWSi Mormon Church and their fol-
i IS^V^SJiVsISs lowers. Positively cure tha
' WJfirn 'i>Tr 3§»J worst cases In old and youns
isiiV'w.V fmJ arising from effects of self-
\afc2£)il f'qSS abuse, dissipation, excesses or
3fr?X&/ cigarstte-smoking. \ Cure Lost
' Manhood. Impotency, Lost
~P©sns~ Power. Nfeht Losses, • Insom-
nia, Pains In Back. Evil Desires. Lame Back.
"Nervous Debility, Headache, Unfitnesa to Mar-
ry, Loss of Semen, j-w • Varicocele or Con-
stipation. Stop ¦ Nef5f_| rvous Twitchln*
of Kyellds, Effects^fL^Z- a r e immediate.
Impart vl^or andCcnTS potency to every
function. Don't get despondent: a cure is at
hand Restore small, undeveloped . organs.
Stimulate the brain and nerve centers; 50c a
box; 6,for'$2 10 by mall. A written iruarante*
to cure or money refunded with 6 boxes. Cir-
culars free. ¦ Address BISHOP REMEDY CO..
i 10 Ellis St.. San Francisco. CaL GRANT
DRUO CO.. 38 and 40 Third Bt.
;.'.-"¦. x * - • ~~
I^Dr.PIERCE'S .:..-i
MEDICAL
. 1BISCOVEKY
VFOR THE .
•1 B-.OOD,HVER.LilWCS.
Specialists. Disease S&S&S^
and -weakness, of. |^^^ v y
men. Established Jagf? _^a« t «a»*
1S81. Con sultation f AJg %&& ®I
and 'private book V*,t. CT'
free.' at office or by VSt
i ma n. Cures guar- \Wl&&i&M&
anteed. 731 Mar- r^^«_^«
ket street (eleva- J&C^Mti&'W
tor : entrance). San /WO^TJS^^*
Split nair, harsh hair, lusterless hair,
brittle hair, falling hair, all owe their
origin to dandruff, which Is caused by a
measly little microbe that burrows Into
the scalp, throwing up the cuticle into
dandruff scales and sapping the vitality of
the hair at the root, causing the several
diseased conditions of the hair till it fin-
ally falls out. Modern science has discov-
ered a remedy to destroy the dandruff mi-
crobe, which is combined in Newbro's
Herpicide, which may be had of any drug-
gist. Allays itching instantly and makes
hair soft as silk. Take no substitute;
nothing "Just as good."
Caused by a Germ.
All Come From Dandruff, Which Is
NEW ADVS_T T SEI1EN"TS.
SPLIT, BRITTLE, DITLL HAIR.
- goLo ey au. prvccisj^
Oppression, Suffocation, Neuralgia, etc, cored by
ESPIC'S OIGARETTES.or POWDER
Paris, J.ESPIC; New Ycrk, E. FOUQERA & CO.
HOTEL*
VUltors to San Frsindsco who mako
their beadatj&rter* at these hotels en-
joy comforts and conveniences not to
be obtained elsewhere Desirable loca-
tion, courteous attaches and uneqnaled
ctileine. American *nd European plans.
¦-GRAND HOTEL*GRAND HOTEL
J H Batcher, Sacto
J Beltsh. Manila
H E Treaa, Manila < 1
PEG Anzar, S Juan
H I Seymour, Sacto
W R Mollnard, USA
C P Nichols. Cal
Mrs Lenpest, Navarro
Mlsa Lenpest. Navarro
R W Porter, Klrksvllle
K G Raaf. Cal
R Nlckerson. Tacoma
G W Fry. Pittsburg
D Mulr & w. Redding
G Klley. Iowa
J J Shaw & w, Cal
W H Wilson. London
Pearl Harris, Iowa
C B JUlson, Napa
Mrs Ryland, Manila
L Peyton & w, Bkrsfld
C Robinson & w, Cal
J E Collis & w, Mich
W J Ingram, Sacto
Mrs J Tully. Stockton
Miss Tully. Stockton
M Valleu. Chlco
C T Beale, W Va
J J Cunningham . Pa
W Mollnard. Balto
J P Andrews. Chicago
R B Hayes. USA
C C Scudmore, Illinois
J Mc2£ullen & w, Sao
D J Sevarta, L Ang
V Peters, w & c. L A
Mrs Tromey. S Diego
C A Arnold. -Oakdala
W F James, Arizona
G G Gunther, L Ans
E E Gallian. Ind
L Albrecht, S Berdno
E L Webber. Napa
M Macy & w, Chicago
B F Franzer. Sacto
H D Ross. Sacto
L Harris. L Ang
E Chalfant. Uklah
Miss Chalfant, Uklah
J McBrtde, w & d, Cal
J T Brown, R Vista
W G Campbell, Spokan
E G Swift, Grass Valy
HOTEL ABBIVALS.
THURSDAY. June 27—4 p. in.
• " Bid. Ask. Bid. Ask.
Alpha-..: 01 or Tustlce — oi
Alta 04 06 Kentuck 01 03
Andes 03 Ofi r -ady Wash 01 —
Belcher 10 12 Mexican 22 23
Best & Belchsr 24 2* Occidental 03 04
Bullion :.. — 03 Ophir 89 90
Caledonia S3 36 Overman 1 13 17
Challenge Con.. 18 20 Potosl 09 10
Chollar 08 0"> Ravage ......... 10 11
Confidence 63 70 Scorpion — 04
Con Cal & Va..2 15 2 20 *eg Belcher — 01
Con Imperial... — 01 Sierra Nevada. 21 22
Ton New York. — Cl Silver Hill 27 29
Crown Point... «« 07 5t Louis 06 —
Eureka Con C6 — Ftandard —3 70
Exchequer — 02 Syndicate OS 07
Oould & Curry. 13 lt Union Con 16 17
Hale & Norcrs. 20 21 1 Utah 03 04
Julia — 02 Yellow Jacket.. 08 10
CLOSING QUOTATIONS,
.. Bid. Ask. I Bid. Ask.
4s quar coup.. 113^114% 4s qr cp (naw)139 140
4s quar reg....ll2%113%l3s quar coup.. 103% 109%
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Bay Co P C 5s.lO6 — Oceanic SS.5s.I03H —
Cal-st 5s. 118 — Omnibus R 6s. 127 —
C C Water 6s. .110- — Pao G Imp 4s. — 100
Ed L & P 6s..l2S%133% Pk & C H 63.103 —
Fer & Cl R 68.117% — Pk & O R 6s. .117 —
Geary-st Es.... — — Powll-st R 63.120 —
H C & S 5%s..lO6% — Sac E O R 5s. — —
Do 5s — -102% S F & SJVSs.120 121
Los Ang R 5s. 114% — Sierra Cal 6s.. — .110
L A Light 6s.. — 102 S P of A 63
Do gHtd 63.. — 104 (1909) 113% —
Do gntd 5s. .103 — (1910) 114% —
L A & Pac 5s. 100 — S P of C 6s
Do 1 c m 6s. 102% — (1905). Ser A. 108 108%
Market-st C 6s — 127% (1905). Ser B.108%109%
Do 1 c m 5s.l22% — (1906) 109% —
Nev Co N G 7s — 115 (1912) .119 122
Nor R Cal 6s.H4%115 S P of Cal 1st
Do 3s.. 118%119& cp gntd g 5s.lO7 —
Nor Pac C 6s. 100% — ,S P Br Cal 6s. 135 135%
Do 5s 108% — . IS V Water 6s.llS% —
Nor Cal R 5s. .110 113 Do 4s — —
Oak Gas 5s.. .112% — Do 4s 3d m..l01 103
Do Trans 6s. 118% — Stktn Gas 6s.. — —
Do Wat 6s.. 104% —
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa.. 80% 81 i Spring Valley. S6% —
Marln County. 51 — ¦• I
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent L & P... 314 - Pacific Lt 43 —
Equitable ' 3% 4% Sacramento*.. — —
Mutual 4% 6 S F G & E 42% 42%
Oakland 50% 51 San Francisco. 4% 4%
Pac Gas Imp. 42% 43% Stktn G &. B.. 8 —
INSURANCE.
Flrem'B Fund. 242% — I
BANKS.
Anglo-Cal 77% — L P & A.. 14S — \
California 408%410 Mer-Ex (llq).. 16 —
Cal Safe Dep.107% — S F National. 127& —
First Natl.. t ..3O9 —
SAVINGS BANKS.
German 1900 1975 SaV & Loan... — —
Humboldt — ' — Security 275 —
Mutual 50 — Union Trust..l65O —
San Francisco.527% — -
STREET RAILROADS.
California 130. 134 ' 1O S L & H.... 40 —
Geary — 40 Presidio ...*... 23 ' —
Market 70 — |
POWDER.
Giant 76% 77%JVigorlt S 3tf
- SUGAR.
Hana 6% 7% KHauea 18% —
Hawaiian 50% 51 Makaweli 38 38%
Honokaa 21% 22 Onomea 22% 25
Hutchinson ... 18% 19 ¦ Paauhau 26% 27
MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska Pack.. J29%129%( Oceanic S Co.. 51% 54
Cal Fruit Can. 95 97 Pac Aux F A. 2 —
Cal Wine Asn.lOO — Pac C Borax.. 165
Merchnts' Ex.110 — jPar Paint 18 —
Morning Session.
Board —
50 Equitable Gas 4 00
10 ICIlauea Sugar P Co 18 50
19 S F Gas tc Electric Co, cash.-. 42 50
35 S F Gas & Electric Co 42 50
Street—
45 Pacific Lishtlng 43 00
Afternoon Session.
Board — *
2J California Fruit Canners 95 25
100- Equitable Gas 4 00
50 Hana Plantation Co 7 00
100 S F Gas & Electric Co. s 90 42 50
20 S F Gas & Electric 'Co..' .' 42 50
30 S F Gas & Electric Co 42 62%
20 Spring Valley Water 86 50
SAN FRANCISCO OIL EXCHANGE.
Morning Session.
Board —
2000 Lion, b 60 14
10 San Joaqutn Oil & Development Co. S 00
Afternoon Session.
Board —
SOO Four Oil Co 3C
SOO Four Oil Co, b 10 3*
3 Hanford. b 60 95 00
10O Kern Oil 5 12%
2000 Lion, b 60 13
M00 Hon. cash 12
100 Monte Cristo SOO
38 Peerless 5 00
. PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
Morning Session.
Board —
100 Four 33
1 Hanford 95 00
250 Home, s 38 2 15
700 Junction " 15
500 Junction, b 10 16
700 Monarch of Arizona S4
Afternoon Session.
Board—
59 California Standard .". 28
1000 Junction '. 14
800 Lion 12
200 Sterling 1 33
300 Sterling 137ft
MINING STOCKS.
! Following were the sales In the San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Mornlngr Session.
3<X> Belcher It! 50 Gould & Curry. 13
400 Best & Belcher 24 500 Ophlr 86
500 Con Cal & Va..2 201 600 Savage ......... 10
' Afternoon Session.
100 Caledonia 3S| 400 Mexican 24
250 Con Cal & Va..2 20 1 200 Ophir 90
Following were the sales In the Pacific Stock
Exchange yesterday: . . .
Morning Session. . N
600 Best & Belcher 25; 300 Savage 09
.200 Con Cal & V.2 17V4 500 Sierra Nevada, 21
900 Ophlr 87 500 Union Con Tl
700 Ophir .89
Afternoon Session.
200 Challenge Con.. IP 100 Ophlr — 89
100 Con Cal & Va..2 2C 100 Ophir 90
200 Gould & Curry. 14 SCO Ophir 88
200 Hale & Norcrs. 20 20rf Sierra Nevada. 21
150 Mexican 24 2C0 Silver Hill 23
400 Mexican 23
THURSDAY, June 37— 3 p. m.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
All descriptions of stocks and bonds w«r««
quiet, and there .were no changes worthy of
note.'
The usual semi-annual dividend of I p«r cant
by Wells, Fargo & Co. will be paid on July IS.
The Red Bank Oil Company has levied an as
sessment of 2c. delinquent July 23. An assess
ment of lc on McKlttrlck will fall delinquent la
office July 25.
STOCK AND h BOND EXCHANGE.
STOCK MARKET.
Flour, qr sks 16.149 Potatoes, sks I.8S0
Wheat, ctls 2.920 Beans., sks.. W>
Barley, ctls. , 8.670 Leather, rolls.... 90
Oats, ctls 2,140 Wine, gals 41.400
Corn, ctls 60 Powder, cars 1
Sugar, ctls........ 1,350 Lime. bbl*.. 273
Wool, balea. 3R0 Chicory, bbls 45
Bran, sks.S 1,160 Hides, No.. - W
Middlings, sks.... 361 Pelts, bdls 7»
Hay. tons 276 Tallow, ctln...... W2
ghorts, sks 13 Quicksilver, flik» ;M
Onions, sks 5431
WASHINGTON.
Flour, qr sks 3.944 1
EASTERN.
Corn, ctls 600!
nolia A, 5.35c; Extra C, 5.25c; Golden C, 5.15c;
barrels. 10c more: half-barrels. 25c more; box
es, 50c more; 50-lb bags. 10c more. No orders
taken for less than Jo barrels or Its equivalent.
Domlnos, half-barreTs. 6.50c; boxes, 6.75c per lb.
Receipts of Produce.
FOR THURSDAY, JUNE 27.
Crushed/ 6 25c: Powdered., 5. 85c; Candy Gran
ulated, , 5.85c; Dry Granulated, 5.75c; Confec
tioners' A, 5.75c; Fruit Granulated, 5.75c; Mag-
TURPENTINE— 68c; per. gallon in cases and
52c in drums or Iron barrels. . '
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining. Com
pany quotes, per.lb, In.l00-lb bags: - ,'-,..
COAL OIL— Water .White Coal Oil. Irv bulk:
12%c ; Pearl Oil, In cases, . 18%c ; . Astral, lSV-c ;
Star, -18%c: Extra Star. 22%c: Elaine. •• 23;ic ;
Eocene, , 20%c; deodorized ' stove . ; gasoline, in
bulk. 15c; in, cases. 21c; Benzine, in bulk. 14c;
in cases, 20c ; SC-degree Gasoline, In ; bulk, 20c ;
GRAIN BAGS— San Quentln Bags, .$5 63; Cal
cutta Grain Bags. 7%c; local make. %*c less
than Calcuttas; Wool Bags. 32@35c; Fleece
Twine, 7%@3c; Fruit Bags, 5%Q6c for cotton
and 8%@«%c for Jute. .. .
COAL— Wellington. $3 per ton;- SouthHeld
Wellinston. $9; Seattle. $7; Bryant. $3 50: Coos
Bay $5 50: Wallsend. $9; Co-operative Walls
end. $9: Cumberland. $12 50 in bulk and $13 73
in '.sacks: Pennsylvania ; Anthracite Egg $14;
Cannel. $10 per ton; Coke. $15 per ton in bulk
and ?17 In sacks: Rocky Mountain descriptions,
$8 45 per 2000 lbs and $8 50 per ton, according
to brand. - ' ,: *• ¦¦"•>-' •
OILS— California Castor Oil, in cases. No. 1,
75c; pure. $1 30; Linseed Oil, In barrels, boiled,
81c;. raw, 79c; cases, ¦ 5c more; • Lard Oil, extra
winter strained, barrels, 1 80c ; cases, ¦ 85c : China
Nut, 63@63c per gallon; pure Neatsfoot Oil, bar
rels, 65c; cases, -,70c; Sperm, pure, , 65c; ' Whale
Oil, natural white, 37%@42%c per gallon; Fish
Oil. in barrels, 35c; cases, 40c. . . " •;
General Merchandise.
VEAL— Large. 7%(SSc: small. 8@9c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers, 7@Sc; Ewes. 7@7%c per
pound. -. ¦ . ¦• k
LAMB-^Sprlng, 8%@9c per pound.
¦ PORK— Live* Hogs, 200 lbs and under, 6%c;
over 2C0 lbs, 6c; feeders. ; sows, 20 per cent
off, boars 50 per cent off and stags 40 per tent
off from the above quotations; dressed " Hogs
7%@9%c. ,
The* market shows no change. Hogs being
firm. Beef steady and Mutton rather firm than
otherwise.. . ¦ ;
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows: ¦
4BEEF— 6&@7%e for Steers and 6@6 1 ,$c per lb
for cows. ¦ :• - • . i\ '¦¦
San Francisco Meat Market.
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about l%c under quotations. Heavy Salted
Steers. 10%c; medium, 9®9%c; light, 9c; Cow
Hides 8V4@9c for heavy and' 8@8%c for light;
=taKs' 6%c: Salted Kip, 9%c: Salted Veal,
«y.«l6V Salted Calf, 10c; Dry Hides. 16@16%c;
Culls 13^@14c: Dry Kip, 16c: Dry Calf. 16%@
17c- Culls and Brands, 13@14c; 'Sheepskins,
shearlings, 15?f30c each; short Wool, 30@50c
each- medium, 60@75c; long Wool, S0cg>?l
each- Horse Hides, salt, $2 50@2 75 for large
and $2 25 for medium. Jl 50@l 75 for small and
60c for Colts; Horse Hides, dry. $1 75 for large,
$1 50 for medium, $1 25 for small and 50c for
Colts. Deerskins— Summer or red skins, 35c;
fall or medium skins. 30c; winter or thin ekins,
20c. Goatskins— Prime Angoras, 75c; large and
smooth. EOc; medium, 35c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 4%@4%c per lb;
choice. 5c; No. 2, 3%<f?4c; grease. 2@2%c.
WOOL— Spring. 1900 or 1901— Humboldt and
Mendocino. 13@14%e per lb: Northern, free, 12(9
13c; defective, 9@ltc: Middle County, free, 10@
lie- do defective, S©10c; Southern. 12 months,
8@9c; Southern, free. 7 months, 7@>10c; do, de
fective 7 months,- 7@Sc; Oregon Valley, fine.
14® 15c; do. medium and coarse, ll@13c:' Oregon.
Eastern, choice. ll@13c; do, fair to good, 9® lie;
Nevada, lie. ,
HOPS— 15@20c per lb.
CURED MEATS— Bacon, 12c per lb for heavy,
12%c for light medium. 13%c for light.' 14%e for
extra light and 15%c for sugar-cured; Eastern
sugar-cured Hams, 13%c; California Hams, 13c;
Aless Beef. $13 per bbl: extra Mess. $12 50;
Family. $13 50; prime Mess Pork, $15: extra
clear. $23; Mess, $19; Smoked Beef. 13%@14c
LA.RD Tierces quoted at 6%c per lb for com
pound and 10%c for pure; half -barrels, pure.
10%c: 10-lb tins, ll%c; 5-lb tins, ll%c.
COTTOLENE— One half-barrel, 9%c; three
half-barrels 9%c: one tierce, 9%c; two tierces,
9c; five tierces, 8%c per lb.
Hides, Tallozv, Wool and Hops.
There is nothing new to report.
Provisions.
New Apricots rule firm at the recent ad
vance, and buyers are gradually coming around
to the views of growers. Prices for new
Peaches have not yet been mentioned. With
the exception of Prunes and Raisins, - the new
fruits will come In upon a practically bare
market. _
FRUITS— Apricots. 7%@9c for new; Evaporat
ed Apples, 5V.@6c: sun dried, 1%@2%c: Peaches,
3%@4c for standard. 4%@5%c for choice and
6®6%c for fancy; Pears, 2@7c; Plums, pitted,
3@4c; unpitted, %@l%c; Nectarines, 4@4' / 4c tor
red and 4®6c for white. •
PRUNES — J sizes. 3c; 40-SOs, 6%c; 50-60s. 4%c:
60-70s, 3%c; 70-80s. 3Vic; S0-90s, 2%c; 90-lOOs, 2%c:
100-120S. 1%C.
RAISINS— The Raisin Growers Association
has established the following prices: Bleached
Thompson's fancy, . 12c per lb; choice, lie;
standard, 10c: prime, 9c; unbleached Thomp
son's 9c per lb. Sultanas— Fancy. 10%c per lb;
choice.- 9%c; standard., 8%c; prime, Sc; un
bleached Sultanas, 8c; Seedless, 50-lb boxes,
6%c; 4-crown. 7c; 3-crown, 6%c ; 2-crown, 6c;
Pacific brand— 2-crown. 5c; 3-crown, 5%c, and
4-crown 5%c; seeded (Fresno prices), 5%c: Lon
don Layers, 2-crown.. tl 50 per box; 3-crown.
$1 60; Fancy Clusters, $2; Dehesa, $2 50; Im
perials, $3. All prices f . o. b. at common ship
ping points in California.
NUTS— Walnuts, No. 1 softshell. 11011%c; No.
2 8@8%c; No. 1 hardshell. 10@10%c; No. 2. «%@
7%c- Almonds, 13@14c for paper-shell. 10® Uc
for softshell and 5<SJ6c for hardshell; Peanuts,
5@6c for Eastern; Brazil Nuts, ll@ll%c; Fil
berts, 12@12%c; Pecans, ll@13c; Cocoanuts,
$3 50@5
HONEY— Comb. 10@llc for bright and 9®9%c
for light amber; water white extracted, 5@?%c;
light amber extracted, 4@4%c; dark. 3%c.
BEESWAX— 25@28c per lb.
CHERRY PLUMS— 15@25c per box.
PEACHES— 25@60c per box - and 20@50o per
basket. - ¦-
PEARS— Madelines, 25e; Dearborn Seedlings,
35e'50c per box; Bartletts, $1@1 50 per box.
STRAWBERRIES— $3@5 per chest for Lons
worths and $3(f4 50 for large berries.
LOGAN BERRIES— *Kg5 per chest.
BLACKBERRIES— $2 50(8>4 per chest" and 50c
per crate. : - „_„
RASPBERRIES— $4®6 per chest and fe@T5c
per crate. ' .
GOOSEBERRIES— Are nominal and about
gone.
CURRANTS— $3 50@S 50 per chest.
FIGS— Black, 25@50c per box .for single and
S5@65c for double layers; White, nominal.
MELONS— Watermelons from Indio, per
dozen; Nutmegs from Yuma, $1 25@2 50 j per
crate; from Indio, in large crates, $3.
GRAPES — Seedless, from Arizona. $1 50@l 75
per crate. .
CITRUS FRUITS— Navel Oranges, 7oc@$Z;
Seedlings. 50c@$l 25; Mediterranean Sweets,
60c@$l 50; Valencias, $1 50@2 50; Lemons, 7oc@
$1 25 for common and $1 50®2 50 for good to
choice; Grape Fruit, 50c@$l 50: Mexican Limes,
$4@5- Bananas. $1@2 per bunch for New Or
leans and 75c@$2 for Honolulu; Pineapples.
$1 50@2 £0 per dozen. .
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
APPLES— Cold storage, old, $1 25(32 KO per
box; new. 40@85c per large box and 15@30c per
basket. ¦ .*• , •
• APRICOTS— 20@50c per box, SSfg-eOc per crate
and 15@35c per basket; In bulk, $10@25 per ton.
CHERRIES— 50<3)75c for dark and 50@75c for
Royal Anne; in bulk, 5@7c per lb for black and
Sl^c for Royal Anne.
PLUMS— 20@40c per box and 15@25c per bas
ket; Prunes, 35@60c per crate and 30@40c per
basket ; Plums in bulk $10 per ton. ¦ - ¦
Berries show no change worthy of comment.
-DECIDUOUS FRUITS.
Thft cannert were after good large Apricots
yesterday at $25 ' tier ton, but they were not
easy to obtaln.1 - There were plenty of small
and scaly goods offering at $10, but the can
ners grave them the .go-by. •
Receipts of . Bartlett Pears are slowly in
creasing and bring good prices. Peaches rule
steady and fine fruit sells without difficulty.
Plums are not. as ¦ depressed •,' as ' . they were,
though they -are not. scarce -by, any means.
But few. Cherries are seen now, and they, are
not In much request. -. Figs are plentiful, - dull
and cheap. , •-.• .. l . ¦;-¦ • •* ¦
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
CHEESE— rFancy, full cream." 8c; choice, 7%c;
common, nominal; Young -Americas, 9c; East
ern, full cream. 14@16c per lb.
EGGS— • ,- •'. f ¦,;¦¦•:;: * :-.."¦•
California Ranch— Selected white, 16c; mixed
colors, 14%c per dozen. , ¦ ¦ '
California Gathered— Selected. 14c; standard,
12%c; seconds, .. ! .¦
Eastern— Standard,. 14c \ per dozen.
. Dairy — Extras, 16c; firsts. 15c; seconds,' 14c;
store. 13c. . - .
BUTTER— /.:'¦'/
Creamery— Extras, 17c; firsts, : 16c; seconds.
DAIRT EXCHANGE QUOTATIONS.
OPEN MARKET QUOTATIONS.
BUTTER— Creamery, 17%@18c per lb for
fancy and 16%@17o for seconds; dairy, 14®16%o
per lb. .
CHEESE— New, 8@9c; old, nominal; Toung
Americas, 9@10c per lb.
EGGS— Ranch. 15®17%c for good to fancy;
store, 12%@14c per dozen. ¦ ¦ -¦ ¦ '
Receipts were 87,900 pounds and 92 tubs ' of
Butter, SS7 cases of Eggs, 400 cases Eastern
Eggs, 18,450 pounds of- California Cheese and
pounds Eastern Cheese. , -
Prices for Butter, Cheese and Eggs remained
without variation. ' All descriptions were In
good and the demand was " slow, as
usual at this time of the- year, j Butter and
Eggs, continue to go . into cold storage every
day. 1
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
$3 50@4 for young; Hens, $3 50@4; young Roost
ers, $6*5)7 60: old Roosters,. $3@3 50; Fryers. W@
4 50; Broilers, $3®4 for large and $1 50@2 25 for
6niall ; Pigeons, $1 50@l 75 per dozen for old and
$1 50@l 75 for Squabs. «
GAME— Hare, $1 50 ; Rabbits. $1 60 for Cot
tontall'and $1 25 for Brush.V
¦ Copper -In; London* 1 , further, eased, off 7s -6d on
light offerings and closed^at £67 10s for spot
and £68 for futures/ creating a. low record for
NEW TORK. . June T 27.— The tin .market In
local ; circles: continued its downward; course.
To-day, under liquidation as a result of Increas
ing " supplies, ¦ our market ,. declined ¦ 10 points.
The close -was easy In tone at $28 30@28 50. . On
the other hand, however .^values In London for
that metal * were . a ¦ shade firmer; , closing , firm
with spot quoted at £129 7s 6d and futures at
£127 15s..« •;.--•¦< • ¦¦.-'¦ ' -. . -¦¦¦ . ' ¦¦•¦¦.¦•• -
New . York Metal : Market.
: NEW TORK, Jun* 27.— Cotton futures opened
unchanged to 7 points higher and continued to
improve until about ' midday. The , close was
Bteady with prices net one point lower to four
points : higher. . - .
New York Cotton Market.
•ST.' JOSEPH,* June 27.— CATTLE— Receipts,
1995. Weak to 10c' lower; natives,, $4 60@6 05;
cows and heifers,- ¦ $2@5 10; bulls and stags,
$2-7505; stockers and feeders, $2 75@4 65; veals,
$3 75@6 50. «¦ ¦;.'/'
HOGS— Receipts, 7032. , Steady to 2%c lower.
Light and ll*ht mixed. $5 87%@6 02%: medium
and heavy, ,'$5 92%@6 12%; pigs, $4@5; bulk,
$5 8506 02%. ¦ ¦ -"•'-¦
SHEEP— Receipts, . 2390. Market steady and
strong;* top, $5 75. . - • .- . ; , :
ST. JOSEPH.
- SHEEP— Receipts, 12,000. Bheep. slow: ewes,
weak; shorn lambs, strong to 10c higher;
spring lambs, very weak; top, 1 $5 75; good ;to
choice wethers. $3 80©4 15: fair to choice mixed
$3 60@>3 90: Western sheep, . $3 90@4 15; year
lings. $4(^4 40: native lambs, $4 60®5 25; West
ern lambs. $5@5 25.
t HOGS— Receipts to-day. 22,000; estimated • to
morrow, 18,000; left over, ¦ 4000. ¦ The market
opened ; strong and closed easier; average,
steady; : top, $6 27%. Mixed and butchers, $5 85
<Z?6 22% ; Rood to choice hiavy, $6®-6 27% : rough
heavy, S* 85<f*5 95; light, $5 85@6 15; bulk of
sales, $606 15. . ¦..- ¦ •• .
CHICAGO,' June 27.— CATTLE— Receipts. 8500.
Including 400' l>xans. ' Steers, steady to slow;
butchers' "• stock and Texans, steady; good to
prime steers. $5 35®6 35; poor to medium, $4 30
06 30: stockers . and feeders, $2 85®4 75J. cows.
$2 70®4 75: heifers, $2 75@5 25; canners. $2@2 70;
bulls, $2 90(34 60: calves, $4 500-6 60; Texas fed
steers. $4 25@5 40; bulls, $3 60@4 10.
Chicago Livestock Market.
. News from the spring wheat sections Is as
suming a more cheerful tone and there Is rea
son to expect a full yield of spring wheat. The
total of both winter and spring wheat should
exceed all records with a production of 700.000,000
bushels or more. .
NEW YORK, June 27.— Correspondents of R.
G. Dun & Co. report conditions of winter wheat
on the whole exceptionally encouraging. In
the principal States the yield will be very heavy
and It Is noticed that the rew unfavorable re
turns are from points -where only a. moderate
crop in expected. Figures of acreage Indicate
that the total area under cultivation this year
is smaller than In 1900, but the yield, per acre
will average much higher. ¦
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat — - June. Sept.
Opening 5 6%' 5 6%
Closing- 5 6% 6 6%
PARIS.
"Wheat— • ¦ June. Sept.-Dec.
Opening ...20 45 2165
Closing 20 45 2160
Flour-
Opening J8 10 27 43
Closing 15 27 45
k. Condition of Wmter Wheat.
Foreign Futures.
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
market was steady. Creameries; 14U®l9c: Dai
ries. uy.<HViiAe. Cheese, dull. 9@9?4c. Eggs,
steady, 10%@ll%c. f
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 38,000 21,003
Wheat, bushels 82.000 159,000
Corn, bushels ¦...140,001 103,001
Oats, bushels 134,00') 276,000
Rye. bushels 5.000 ' 1,000
Barley, bushels 3,000 2,000
• SW Chicago & Northwestern.. 197
i.nro Chicago Rock Island and Pacific 1S6
i.2f:0 Chicago Terminal &. Trans 23
T.2M Chicago Term & Trans prefd 45
?.,iT0 C C C & St Louis.... S6H
i.OfiO Colorado Southern- ;... ..'... 16%
100 Colorado Southern 1st prefd.......... 51-
700 Colorado Southern 2d prefd 22%
1.300 Delaware & Hudson...... 166
200' !>elaware Laekawanna & Western. .235
500 Denver & Rl«Grande 49
300 Denver & RID Gr»«4e prefd... •'. 8S%
I7.SC0 Erie ..•......*. .....'. 41%
4.600. Erl« lit jrreM.... 7C%
1C0 Chicago Ind & Louisville prefd.....'. 72%
If* Chicago & Eastern Illinois 126
2.700 Chicago & Great Western 24%
IPO Chicago & Great Western A prefd... 82%
Chicago & Great Western B prefd..; 82
NEW TORK STOCK LIST.
Ehare* Closlnj
Fold. Stocks— Bid
29.100 Atchlson .....?. 85T»
10,600 Atchison prefd /..... •*.. 103%
1.1C0 Baltimore & Ohio ...106%
Baltimore & Ohio prefd.. 94%
. 1,"00 Canadian Pacific 103%
300 Colorado Southern 68
1.RO0 Chesapeake & Ohio 47%
2.000 Chicago & Alton < 44%
300 Chicago & Alton prefd 78%
1,600 Chicago Burlington & Quincy 196%
2.S0O Chicago Ind & Louisville 36
NEW YORK. Jun* 27. — There wa« quit* a
lively spilling out of stocks for a time to-day
sf a result of the suspension of the Seventh
National Bank, one of the members of the
Ckarins-house Association-, Jh consequence of
action by the Comptroller of th« Currency,
iiut the market at no time approached any
where near to demoralisation. The drop In
prices was, howev«r, very general and ex
tended to over S point's ta a number of the
principal active stocks which have been re
cent Javorites in the speculation. St. Paul,
I'nicn Pacific and Manhattan were the severest
pufferere and Missouri Pacific and Texas and
Pacific also yielded rather easily. The latter
part of the day. howwer, witnessed a striking
an<\ general recovery, which practically wiped
oat the earlier losses and established consid
<;aMe gains fcr some leading stocks. Union
Pacific. St. Paul ¦.«<} Metropolitan Street Rail
v.-jiy were the only etoclcs among -the leaders
\vh:ch failed to benefit fully from this, late
recuperation in the market. The bears were
:.n active factor during the selling movement
<vA th»ir buying to cover had considerable to
<".ri uith the late rally. There was an opinion'
i>rrva.l«nt that rorae of the late financial in
terests were quietly ¦ taking advantage of the
low level of prices to pick up stocks, without
making any attemp to Eupport prices. But
this opinion is hardly consistent with the gin
. Cfrly manner in which prices were bid up after
the- selling pressure had relaxed, with a palp
able disinclination to secure stocks. The sell-
Ing, for London account, which was supposed
to originate in Berlin, was a» factor of con
siderable importance, which was probably not
sufficiently .allowed for in current estimates
of the market. The reports of further banking
troubles in. Berlin did not seem to have any
striking effect on sentiment here. The suspen
sion of the Seventh National Bank came as a
surprise, as it 'was generally supposed' that
friends of the bank would supply sufficient re
sources to carry it*through. The worst effects
of the embarrassment had been discounted on
Tuesday, during the period of suspicious con
jecture, when rumors were rife of far-extended
banking clifficulties. The disclosures since
made of the bank's affairs and of the charac
ter of the securities which had Involved it in
its difficulties served to give come confidence
thnt the trouble was localized, as these securi
ties were not dealt in on the exchange and
are not widely distributed. The Incident was
found, nevertheless, to create an unpleasant
Impression and serve^j to Intensify the pinch
in the money market incident to jhe turn of
the half year.
There was considerable shifting of loans,
partly in preparation for next week's dividend
disbursement and partly on account of throw.
!ng out of* unsatisfactory collateral for call
loons. The call ican rate ran up to 15 per
rent. With this substantial recuperation In
prices of standard securities since . the ¦ May
panic the fact has rather been lost sight of
that euch a period of speculative confidence
and inflation as culminated then is bound to
leave its residue of doubtful securities which
might be easily marketable in a period 'of ex
pansive confidence, but would be a drug on the
market in quieter times. The market closed
very dull but firm at the recovery. There was
tsomt selling of railroad bonds in sympathy
withVtocks. Total sales, par value, $2,025,000.
I.'nited States bonds were all unchanged on
the last ralL
Nezu York Stock Market.
EASTERN MARKETS.
Flour, dull; No. 3 spring wheat. 62%@66%c;
No. 2 red. 67@67«4c; No. 2 corn. 43c: No. 2 yel
low. y43@'43?4c; No. 2 oats, 2S>4«?28%c; No 2
white. •3O%0'31c; No. 3 white, 27%*??SV.c: No. 2
rye. 47c; rood feedlns: barley. 47®51c; fair to
choice malting. 47®51c; No. 1 <*.ax seed. $1 SS;
No. 1 -Northwestern, $1 SS; prime timothy f.erd.
$4 15; mess pork, per barrel. $14 6'K?14 fi5; lard,
per 100 pounds. $8 60(f?8 62%; short ribs tides
Mcose), $7 9008 10; dry salted sh:m)der:« »hoxed\
'ftPAc; short clear sides (bD\rfd>, §8 4503 5?;
whisk}, basis of high wines, Jl 'SI.
Cash quotations were as follows
Articles— Open. High. law. Close.
Wheat No. 2—
June 67%
July •••• 67 67% 66% 67%
September 67% 67% 67 67%
Corn No. 2—
June .... -427^
July 43% 43% . 43 43%
September : 45 ' 45 44% 44%
December 43% 43% 41% . 42%
Oats No. 2—
July J.. 27% 27% ..26%, 26%;
September ., 27 27 26% 26%,
May ¦ 59% 29% . 29% 29%
Mess Perk, per barrel — .
July 14 65 14 67% 14 57% 14 60
September ..14 82% 14 87% 14 75 14 80
Lard, per 100 pounds-
July 8 62% 8 65 8 57% 8 62%
September 8 70 8 72% 8 65 8 70
October 8 70 8 70 8 62% 8 67%
Short Ribs, per 100 pounds —
July '..8 02% 8 02% 8 00 SOO
September 8 15 -. 8 15 S 1.0- 8 12%
ALEXANDER G. MeADIE.
Forecast Official.
weather: ligrht northerly winds.
Arizona— Fair Saturday, except shoiriers in
Foutheastern portion; continued warm; brifK
to hiph northerly vinds.
Fan Francisco and vicinity — Fair Saturday;
continued warm weather; Hsht northerly
char-Bin* to brisk westerly ¦wind, with foff in
the afternoon.
The pressure has risen rapidly along th*
coart of Cape Mendocino and ha* fallen over
the Rocky Mountain region.
Much warmer weather prevails over Cali
fornia. Nevada. Utah and Arizona. Very warm
•w-eather is reported in the ffreat valleys of
California. In the San Joaquin and Sacra
mento valleys the afternoon temperatures are
in the neighborhood of ICO degrees.
Cloudy weather with 6howers is reported In
Washington and Northern Oregon.
Forecast made at San Francisco for 30 hours
ending midnight June 28. 1901:
Koahern California— Fair Saturday; eon
tinufl warm weather; fresh northerly winds
in the valleys; brisk westerly winds on th«
cc*>st.
Southern California — Tatr Saturday; con
tinued warm weather; brtek northerly wind*
inland; fresh westerly winds on the coast.
Nevada— Fair Saturday; continued warm
weather; fresh westerly winds.
T'tah — Fair Saturday: continued wirm
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, 8@10c for Gobblers
and : 8iJ?10c for ; Hens ; ; Geese, per . pair. - $1©1 25 ;
Goslings, $1®1 25; Ducks, ,$2.5003 50 for old and
The market continues dull and , weak. ¦ Ducks
are demoralized and ' are j hard to sell," even at
the unusually low prices, and the same may be
Poultry' and . Game.
VEGETABLFS— phubarb. 25®50c per box;
Asparagus, $1 7502 25 for laree. $1 25@1 50 per
box for No. 1 and 50c® $1 for No. 2: Green Peas,
65c<ra$l per sack; String Beans,- l@2%c; Cabbage,
40<f?60c per ctl;; Tomatoes, from Los Angeles
75c(S?$l 25: . from Winters, 60c@$l 25: Rivers. ¦ in
large boxes. $2©2 75;: Dried . Peppers,- 12@18c;
Dry ' Okra. 15020c' per • lb; Carrots, 25@35c • per
sack ; - Marysvllle Cucumbers. I 25@50c per I box ;
Winters, „ 50@60c ; Bay, • $1@1 25; Garlic. 2@3c:
Green Peppers, i 20®30c per lb: Err Plant, 6(^
15c per lb: Green Corn, 25c@$l per sack; Bay do,
$1 25 per crate; Summer Squash, 15<g'25c per box;
Bay do. 40c. ..' • L ' : ; • '. ' /
POTATOES— Burbanks., $1 6.OI01 75 for Orecon;
New Potatoes.' $1@1 65 for Burbanks. $1 2563)1 35
for Garnet Chiles and $1@1 25 for Karly Rose
In boxes. •¦'< . . ..:
ONIONS— New . Red, 50@60c per sack; New
Yellow, ' 75(?8Ec per ctl.
.Old Oregon Burbanks are firmly held for seed.
New Potatoes are. slightly lower. Red Onions
are firm, but yellow are easier. • : .
Vegetables continue quiet and In good supply
and prices show little change. ,
SEEDS— -Brown Mustard, nominal; . Yellow
Mustard, - nominal ; Flax. $2 50<3>3 : Canary. 3%<S
3%c for /Eastern:. Alfalfa, nominal ; Rape, 2@
2%c: H«»mp. 3%c; Timothy. 6%c.
DRIED PEAS— Nlles, $1 60 per ctl.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Beans are featureless and dull. Prices show
no chance. . . /
BEANS— Bayos. $2 45^2 60; Small White. $4 75
04 90; Large White, $3 70(^)3 90; Pink. $1 40®! 70;
Red, $3@3 25: Blackeve. $3 10W3 25; Llmas, $6 40;
Pea. nominal ; Red Kidney. $4 75 per ctl.
• Beans and Seeds
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley. . J16 50@17 50
per ton: Ollcakn Meal at the mill, $25@26: job
bing $26 50: Cocoanut Cak<\ $ i .7(S?18; Corn Meal.
$28^29: Cracked Corn. $28 60® 29 50; Mixed Feed,
$16 50CTI17 50./ * yifr
HAY— New Is quotable as* follows: Wheat,
$8 60lff9 R0: choice, $10; Wheat and Oati $8® 9 60;
Oat. $7 60®9; Barley and Oat, $6 50@8; Alfalfa,
$6®8; Clover. $5<86 per ton; Volunteer, $4@7 50.
-STRAW— 25® 47%c per bale.
MIDDLINGS— $19 6f»a21' per ton.
BRAN— $17 50018 B« VT ton.
Hay shows several changes. Old Is no longer
worth quoting, and the finer grades of new are
bringing more money, though the market Is
quoted « weak by dealers. Feedstuffs remain
without chance. . •
Hay and Feedstuff s.
FLOUR— California Family extras, $3 25(3)
3 60. usual' terms; Bakers' Extras, $3 15@3 25:
Oreston $2 50@2 75 per barrel for • family • and
$2 75® 3 for bakers'; Washington bakers', $2 75
@3. " • . •
MILLSTUFFS— Prices In sacks are as fol
lows usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour $3 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, $2 75: Rye
Meal $2 50: Rice Flour, $7; Corn Meal. $3; ex
tra cream do, $3 75; Oat Groats. $4 75; Hominy,
J3 75<fi4 ? Buckwheat Flour. $404 25; Cracked
Wheat, $3 60; Farina. $4 50; Whole Wheat
Flour $3 2R: Rolled Oats ..(barrels), $6 355?" S5;
in sack*. $6@7 50; Pearl Barley. $5; Split Peas,
$5; Green Peas. $6 50 per 100 lbs.
Flour and 'Millsttfffs.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— No sales.
Second Session— December— 2000 ctls, 68%c.
Regular Morning Session — December — 6000 ctls,
Afternoon Session— December— 4000 ctls, 68%c;
2060, 68%c. - . ' • . '
OATS— The market stands about the same, be
in* dull and weak. .
White. $142%®155; Surprise, $1 50<gil 65; Red,
tl, 05<?T 1 17% : Black, $1 15@1 25 per ctl.
CORN— Offerings continue to meet with little
attention. " Small round Yellow, 11 50; Eastern
Yellow, n27%®130; White, $137%; Mixed.
$1 27%.
RYE— 75®80c per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— Is quoted at Jl 65 per ctl, ex
warehouse. ( ¦
Feed, 72%c for No. 1 and I 70@71%c for oft
grades: Brewing and Shipping grades, 75@82%c;
Chevalier, nominal.
"Informal Passion— 9 :15 o'clock— December—
10.000 ctls. $102; 24,000, U 01%.
Second Session— December— 12, 0C0 ctls, $1 01%.
Regular Morning Session— December— 2000 ctls.
$102; 16,000, $ioi%: I6.000, $101%: 4000, $101%.
Afternoon Session— December — 4000 ctls, $101%;
4000, SI 01*4. • •
BARLEY— Spot Xeed was quoted rather easier,
but brewing for shipment kept up. Futures
were dull and unchanged.
CALL BOARD SALES
Chicago was very strong and advanced ma
terially under, better foreign advices. Local
shorts and St. Louis bought, and there was
more disposition to buy all around. Minneap
olis expected a decrease of 500.000 bushels for
the week. The Cincinnati Price Current says
that the threshinsr reports of winter wheat are
meeting or exceeding- expectations, and that the
quality is exceptionally high. Broomhall cabled
an advance in England on the strength of the
Berlin market, and the oversold condition of the
English markets.
This market was slightly higher, both on and
oft call, with more activity on the latter.
- Spot Wheat— Shipping, • 96%c; jnllllng, 97%c@
U 02%- per ctl. . .. w . :
WHEAT— Paris and Liverpool were both
higher. . . .
Wheat and Other Grains.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — |4 86%
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 ?9
Sterling cables — 4 90
New York Exchange, sight — 12%
New York Exchange, telegraph.. —'¦ 15
Silver, . per ounce — ' E9%
Mexican Dollars, nominal 49% @ 50
Exchange and Bullion.
LOCAL MARKETS-
CHICAGO, June 27.— On the advance at Liv
erpool SeDtember wheat opened >i@%e higher,
at 67%®67%c. The . Improvement was met by
large offerings and a decline to 67%c resulted.
Reports of extensive damage to French and
German 1 crops and of a good demand, and
helped by cash buying and a season of cover
ing by shorts, caused a. reaction to 67%c. The
trading was moderately active and the clcss
was firm and %@%c higher at 67%@67%c.
Corn was dull, prices ranging within narrow
limits. Speculative sentiment was mixed. Sep
tember corn closed easier and %@%c down 'at
4434c. • •
Oats were fairly active. September closed
steady and %®%c lower at 26%c.
Provisions were dull and lower on continued
selling- for profit. September pork closed 2%c
to 5c down, lard 5c lower and ribs 2%c lower.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Chicago Grain Market.
STATIONS. - § |2|3 fg
- . • 5 : I : 3 E S »"- : ?
Astoria 50.30 5S 50 BW Cloudy .12
Baiter 30. (* 70 52 N Cloudy .00
Carson £9.96 90 4i W Clear .00
Kurcka 30. 1« 62 48 NW Clear .00
Fr«no 29.86 100 60 NW Clear .00
Flagstaff 29.98 H 40 fiW Clear .00
Pocatello, Id 29.92 S4 46 W Pt.Cldy .00
Independence ....29.S9 92 €2 E Clear .00
Los Angeles .. »,.. 29.82 S6 £8 W Clear .00
Phoenix ....29.66 110 6S NW Clear .00
Portland 30.22 68 52 TV Cloudy .10
Red Bluff 29.86 102 66 X Clear .00
Iloseburg 30.16 72 54 NW Clear .00
Sacramento 29.88 9S 5S N Clear .00
.Salt Lake 29.98 S2 52 NW Clear .Ofl
San Francisco 29.94 82 52 W Clear ,09
fan Die-go: 29. S2 76 60 NW Clear
Seattle 30.20 64 54 NW Cloudy t .26
Spokane 30.00 68 52 XE Cloudy .10
N't-ah Bay 30.16 54 4R W CVoudy .M
V.alla Walla 30.02 7S 5g TV Pt.Cldy T.
"Winnemucca 29.90 SS 40 W Pt.Cldy .00
Vuma 29.70 10S 72 SW Clear .09
Temperature 7 a. m.. 61 degrees.
Eureka. 62: Red Bluff, 102; Sacramento, 98;
Mount Tamalpais. S7; Fresno, 100; Independ
ence, 92: San Luis Obispo. — ; Los Angeles, 96;
Baa Diego, 76. Ban Francisco data— Maximum
temperature, £2: minimum. 52; mean. 67.
SAN FRANCISCO. June 27, 5 p. m.
The following maximum temperatures were
reported from Ftation* In California to-day:
<J20th Meridian — Pacific' Tlra«.)
Weather Report.
NEW YORK, June 27.— Money on call, fir™, 8
015 per cent: last loan, 3 per cent; ruling rate,
8 per cent. Prime mercantile paper,' 3%@4% per
LONDON, June 27.— Atchison, 88% ;¦ Canadian
Paeine. 106%; Union Pacific preferred, 92%;
Northern Pacific 99; Grand Trunk, 10%; Ana
conda, 9%. Bar silver. " steady, 27%d per ounce.
Money. 2%®3% per cent. , • . . :\ \ -¦
New York Money Market. '.'
CLOSING.
. There was also quiet realization here by some
of the bulls who have grown weary of holding
stocks, and whose enthusiasm has become stale.
New York buying caused a rally, but ¦ at the
very close there was a drop on the news of . the
suspension of the Seventh National - Bank, - al
though there were more offerings • than . actual
tales. . ' ¦ . ' ¦.-.'-
Call rates have advanced to 3% per cent, 1 with
quotations steady. "•: . -¦ .,-^"- - >»
American docks were weak early on fears of
monetary troubles Jn New York and on German
sales. . , '• ¦*
. Business showed few signs of improvement to
day and sentiment was still .depressed, though
prices hardened slightly toward the end. Ber
lin was still a free seller of stocks, the compli
cations In that quarter having resulted in the
arrest of the manager of the Leipziger Bank.
NEW YORK, June 27.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's. London financial cablegram ' says : . j
London Market.
700 Erie 2d prefd....... .......,..': 5«
<3reat Northern prefd. 185
200 Hocking Valley 64%
800 Hocking Valley prefd....... 78
3,400 Illinois Central ......148%
2,200 Iowa Central .........'.: ¦..;,.... 40%
8,500 Iowa Central prefd ......*.. 80%
Lake Erie & Western 67
Lake .Erie & Western prefd 120
16.S00 Louisville & Nashville ....10S14
26.000 Manhattan L ..123%
7,400 Metropolitan Street Railway 173%
1,600 Mexican Central 28
1,209 Mexican National 10%
600 Minneapolis & St Louis ....1©7
20.100 Missouri Pacific „ 120%
500 Missouri Kansas & Texas 30 ¦
1,300 Missouri Kansas & Texas pretd 62'4
860 New Jersey Central 16*
T.300 New York.Central 158
4,800 Norfolk & Western.. .*.... 51%
Norfolk & Western prefd......; 89%
Northern Pacific :.'...' 120
Northern Pacific prefd...: 96
10,200 Ontario & Western .-.....'..... 38
p c c & st Louis ...•.;;.... .79
17,500 Pennsylvania .V. 150%
S.fiOO Reading ....; 45%
5,300 Reading 1st prefd 78%
5,800 Reading 2d prefd ....: 55%
1.800 .St Louis & San Fran , 50%
St Louis & San Fran 1st prefd , 85%
1,400 St Louis & San Fran 2d prefd 73'4
«00 Et Louis Southwestern 33
1,400 St Louis Southwestern prefd.., , 67%
34,200 StPaul .....!l72»4
....... : St Paul prefd •. ,iss
34,100 Southern Pacific 58%
14,200 Southern Railway 32%
2.400 Southern Railway prefd i- SS%
,8,5100 Texas & Pacific 43%
200 Toledo St Louis & Western 21%
200 Toledo St Louis & Western prefd.... 35%
7,600 Union Pacific 108%
1,000 Union Pacific prefd 90>4
2.400 Wabash 22%
4,500 Wabash prefd 42%
SOO Wheeling & Lake Erie 20%
Wheeling & Lake Erie 24 prefd.... 32
4,300 Wisconsin Central 24%
600 Wisconsin Centra! prefd 47
Express Companies — ¦
, Adams , 175
American ,, 195
United States 88
Wells Fargo 150
Miscellaneous —
13.600 Amalgamated Copper 121 %
3.S00 American Car & Foundry 31%
700 American Car & Foundry prefd.... 87%
1,000 American Linseed Oil 23
200 American Linseed Oil prefd 50%
8,900 American Smelting & Refining..... 57%
700 American Smelting & Ref prefd 104
l,?fO American Tobacco 135
1,400 Anaconda Mining Co 47%
14,300 Brooklyn Rapid Transit 81%
1.6M) Colorado Fuel & Iron ; .'....111%
2,«00 Consolidated Gas 220
3,300 Continental Tobacco > 67%
SOO Continental Tobacco prefd 117%
?CO General Electric 260
200 Glucose Sugar , 59
1.S00 Hocking Coal '. 23%
International Paper 22%
International Paper prefd 77
700 International Power 96
Laclede Gas 85
»0 National Biscuit 44
«C# National Lead 22%
National Salt , 43%
fcSOO National Salt prefd « 75%
SCO North American"....".. 101%
Pacific Coast 68
900 Pacific Mail 41
W.tm People's Gas 117%
1.400 Pressed Stee! Car 43%
200 Pressed Steel Car prefd 85
600 Pullman Palace Car 209 '
1300 Republic Steel .21%
1.400 Republic Steel prefd , 75 ;
JJ.600 Susar , : 144
«,S0O Tennessee Coal & Iron 66%
1.000 Union Bag & Paper Co 15%
... Union Bag & Paper Co prefd 72%
t«00 United States Leather 13%
SCO United States Leather prefd l 78%
«08 United States Rubber 21
United States Rubber prefd, .'... 60%
Sl.400 United States Steel.... 48%
2?.?fie United States -Steel prefd 98%
J,5tt) Western Union . f . 92%
€7:, 500 Shares sold.
CLOSING BONDS.
L* S ref 2s. reg....lO7 N Y Cent lst» 107%
Do coupon 107% N J Cent gen 5s. 132%
Do 3s. reg 10S% Nor Pacific 3s.... 72%
Do 3s, coupon... 10S% Do 4s 105%
Do new 4s, reg.. 139 N T, C & St L 4b.107%
Do new 4s, coup. 139 Nor & W con 4s. 102%
Do old 4s, reg..imj Oregon Nav lsts.,109
Do old 4s, coup.113%- Do 4s 103%
Do Es, reg 10S*<, Orepon S Line 6s.l29
Do. 5s. coup 108% Or S Line con 6s. 119%
Dirt of Col 3.65s. 123 Read Gen 4e 98%
Atch Ren 4s 104% Rio G W lsts......lO3
Ateh adj 4s 9S% S L & I M con 5s.ll7%
Can So 2nds 109% 5 L & S F gen 6s.l36%
Ches & Ohio 4%s.lO8 ?t Paul cons ..."...186
Ches & Ohio 5s. ..120 St P, C & >P lsts.118
Chi It. N con 7s. ...142% Do 5s 119%
C & N S T? deb Ss.122 So Pac 4s 93
CM Term 4s 9«% SoRySs-.. ...... .120
Colo So 4s f.9% S Rope & T 6s 64
Den St. Rio G 4s.. 103% Texas & Pac lets. 119
Erie G«n 4a 90% Do 2nds 99
F W % D Cy lsts.107 Union Pacific 4s.. 106%
Gen Elect Es 200 Wabash lsts 119
Iowa Cent lists 117 Do 2nds 1.112
L & N unified 4s. 104 West Shore 4s 115%
M. K & T 2nds.. 86% Wls Cent lsts 91
Do 4s 99 Va Centuries .... 96%
MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con 15 Little Chief ~«13
*llce 40 Ontario .< 8 25
Breece 1 60 }phtr .........'..... 80
Brunswick Con... 15 Phoenix 09
¦^omstock Tunnel.. G<5 Potosl .• 06
-on Cal & Va.... 2 05 Savage ''.06
Deadwood Terra.. 60 >ierra Nevada 2tf
Horn Silver 1 33 Rmall Hopes • ' 40
Iron Silver 59 Standard 3 65
Leadville Con 05 • • ; J
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— Union Pacific .....108?4
Call loans 3®3% Union Land 3
Time loans ....3%®1% West End 95
Stocks— Bonds —
Atch, T & St Fe. tS% Atchlson 4s .....103
Do prefd 108% N E G & C 6s...... 53
Amer Sugar 143% Mining shares—
Do prefd 120- Adventur* 21%
Amer Telephone -.158 Blng-ham Mng Co.. 22%
Boston & Albany. .255 Amal Copper 121%
Boston Elevated.. .181 Atlantic S6
Boston & Maine ..194 Calumet & Hecla..79O:
Chi. Bur & Q 196% Centennial ¦ 29%
Dominion Coal 40% Franklin ..: 16%
Do prefd 113% Humboldt t... 25
U S Steel ii% Osceola 89
Do prefd 98% Parrot 51%
Gen Electric 261 Qulncy 17J
Mexican Central... 27% Santa Fe Copper. . 7%
N E Gae & Coke.. 7% Tamarack- ....338
OH Colony ...208 Utah Mining 31
Old Dominion...... 81% Wlnona ....'2%
Rubber :.. 21
NEW YORK. June 27.— The market for evap
orated apples was a quiet one.
StaU, common to good, 3%@3c; prime, 5}4@
6?4c; choice, 6®6>4c: fancy, 6@7c.
California dried fruits, quiet and featureless.
PRUNES— 2%<g6»4c per pound, as to size and
quality.
* APRICOTS— Royal. 8@12e; Moorpark, 7%@12c.
PEACHES— Peeled, ll@18c ; unpeel«d, 6@10c.
DRIED FRUITS
NEW YORK., June 27.— FLOUR— Receipts.
27,043 barrels; exports, 10,763 barrels; sales, 9650
packages. ' Market was more active and strong
er on- spring patents. ,,' .' - ¦ ., :
; WHEAT— Receipts, 86,450 bushels; exports,
201.591 bush«ls; sales, 2.860,000 bushels futures,
120,000 bushels spot. Spot, firm; No. 2 red,
77%c f. o. b. afloat; No. 2 red. 85%c elevator;
No. 1 Northern Duluth/75% f. o. b. afloat; No.
1 hard Duluth. 85Hc f. o. b. afloat. Options had
a firm and active opening on . bullish markets
and crop news. Local houses and foreigners
bought well and Wall street sold. Home crops
remained favorable end helped to check bullish
advices late In the day. Closed firm. at %®%a
net advance. July, 74 5-16@78c; closed, 74%c;
September. 72%@7396c; closed. 73V4c; October.
i3ti@73%c; closed, 73Hc; December, .74 5-160
74%c; closed, 74%c.
HOPS— Steady.
HIDF.P-Steady. '
| WOOL— Dull.
- COFFEE— Spot Rio, quiet: No. 7 Invoice.
« l-16c; mild, quiet; Cordova, 8%@12^c. fu
tures closed steady and net 5 points lower. To
tal sales. 7750 bags. Including: September,
5.30c; November, 5.35c; December, 5.45@5.50c;
January. 5.50c: March. 5.65c; May, 5.75®5.80c.
SUGAR— Raw. firm; fair refining. 3 9-16c; cen
trifugal, 96 test. 4 3-32c; molasses sugar. 3 5-16c;
refined, firm.
¦BUTTER-Recelpts, 8266 packages; steady.
Creamery, 15@1914c; factory. . 12H@15c.
I EGGS— Receipts, 9520 packages; firmer. West
ern, candled. 13%c; Western, uncandled, ll@13c.
yNew YorkGrain and Produce.
Provisions continue firmly held.
Hogs and Mutton firm and Beef steady.
Local stocks and bonds quiet and without feature.^
Poultry still quiet and cheap. /I; 1 ; 1
Canners after good Apricots at §25 per ton.
Dried Apricots firm. No prices set for nrdo dried Peaches:
; ' • . . . -
Exchange and Silver unchanged.
Wheat slightly better. Barley about the same.-.
. . . - - -V-. .
Oats, Corn and Rye continue inactive. i ,
flay sIukvs some changes. Feedstuffsas before.
Beans and Seeds continue inactive.
Old Potatoes firm and new weak. Onions steady.
t'cgetables in good supply and featureless.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs as before qu'oted. j
LONDON, June 27.— Consola. 98 8-18; silver,
27 6-lfid; French rentes, lOOf 17Hc; cargoes, on
passage, steadier; cargoes No. 1 standard Cali
fornia, 29s 6d; cargoes Walla Walla, 28s 6d;
English country markets, easy. .
LIVERPOOL. June 27.— Wheat, firm; No. 1
standard California, 5s lOd; wheat in Paris,
•firm: flour In Paris, firm; French eountry mar
kets, firm; weather In England, fine.
COTTON— Uplands. 4 23-32d. * .
CLOSING.
WHEAT— Spot— Dull. No. 2 red Western
winter, 5s 7%d; No. 1 Northern spring, 5s 6d;
No. 1 California, 5s l^d. Futures— Quiet. July.
5s 6%d; September, 6s 6%d.
CORN— Spot— American mixed new, quiet 4s
%d; American mixed old/ firm, 4s 2%d. . Fu
i tures— Quiet.. July, 3s ll%d; September, 4s 3%d.
Foreign Markets.
TACOMA. June 27.— WHEAT— Steady and
quiet; Blue Stem, 59c; Club, 58c.
The steamship Tacoma sailed to-day for
China and Japan with a full cargo and eeveral
passengers. The entire cargo Is valued at $207,
747 and consists of. sheetings, bottled beer, cot
ton and flour.
OREGON. '
PORTLAND, June 27.-WHEAT-Walla Wal
la, 67@B8c. •
WASHINGTON.
Northern Wheat Market.
PORTLAND, ' June 27.— Clearings, $304,187;
balances $85,423. ' •„ < '
Portland's Business.
CHICAGO, June 27.— Earl Fruit ;• Company
sales California fruit: Peaches— Alexanders,
40@50c box; Hale' s Early, 65c@$l. Aprloots—
Royals. $1 05®l 45 > single; crates. Prunes-
Tragedy, $1 20@l 55 single crates. Prunes-
Abundance, 90ciB!l single crates; Burbanks, 90c
©$1,30.. : ¦¦ ..: . ¦„•¦:: • , ¦
Porter Bros. Company sales: From Suisun:
Peaches— Hale's, 40@50c; Alexanders, 40@55c.
Plums — Abundance, . 90c5$l ; Burbanks, $1 10.
Prunes— Tragedy $1 30@l 45. Apricots— Royal.
Jl 15. From Sacramento: Prunes— Tragedy.
$1 30@l 60; Stmont $115. Plums— Red June,
averaged $1 49; Peach, $1 20@l 35; Clyman, 75c.
Apricots— Royal, averaged 85c. Peaches— Brlggs'
May. averaged 65c; Alexanders. 60@70c; Hale's.
65@75c. Pears— Comet, $3 15. ...-•¦.,.- -.'...
NEW YORK. June 27.— Porter Bros. Compa
ny sales California fruit: From Vacaville:
Peaches— Alexander, $1 05; Hale's Early, $1 0o@
1 10; Triumph 95c; Garland, 70c. Plums—Bur
banks. 75@80c; Abundance, 65®85c; iRoyal Ha
tlve. 60<ff65c; Climax. ?1 55@2 55; -Red June, 65®
80c; St. Catherines, 65c; Klondike, 25c: Shlroma,
68@80c; California Red, 65@70c. Prunes—Trag
edy, $1 15@1 70; Slmoni. 65@90c. ' -
Earl Fruit Company sales: Apricots— Royals,
85c@n 25. single crates. Plums— Burbanks. 65c
@J1 10; Climax. 55c®$l 95: Abundance. £0e«?$l 10.
Prunes— Tragedy 90c@$l 55: Slmonl, 60c@$l 10.
Peaches— Hale's Early. 95c@$l 75.
¦WASHINGTON, June' 27.— To-day's statement
of the treasury balances In the general fund, ex
clusive of the $150,000,000 gold reserve In the di
vision of redemption, shows: Available cash
balances, $173,409,230; gold, $97,312,395.
Condition _ of: the Treasury.
cent.. Sterling exchange, steady, with actual
business In bankers' bills at *4 87H@4 87% for
rotT n ti1? d *t 8 . 5 *® 4 85 * '« "«^ty days. Posted
5?i «V*- «,""* * 4 88! i- Commercial bills. $4 84ft
Sk *' Ka f" v er certificates, nominally. 60c. Bar
PlUer, 69%c. Mexican dollars, 47%c. State
bonds, inactive; Government bonds, steady:
railroad bonds. Irregular ¦
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
California Fruit Sales.
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL
Lead was ¦ dull at f 4 37H- ; . ' '
Spelter In London deollned Bs to' £16 and
£16 12s 6d for spot. It was unchanged here.
Plglron - warrants .$9 50@10; • Northern foun
dry. $U 25@15 50; Southern foundry. " J13 75@
15 25 and -soft Southern, <?12 75@15 25; Glasgow
warrants ; closed . at 52s and Mlddle$boro at 43s
7%d, Indicating lower English markets.
the -. year. -¦'¦ Prices ' were nominally unchanged
here, with $17 and $16 62H for casting and elec
trolytic. -..-. ¦••¦:¦¦ - :' ¦¦ ' .. " '
. : THE SAN' FKJLNCISCO .CALL, FRIDAY, JUNE ? 8,, 1901.
J E Smith. Salt Lake T Burk, Connecticut
J B Sexton & w. L Ang R A Settle, Denver
J Enos, Courtland Miss Vincent. S Jose
S Schlacht, Fresno E W McKenno, S Dieg
P Ausdorff, Wash P Murtha & w, Cal
M Welner & w. N T D Sweany, Seattle
W McAllister, Seattle J Morgan. S F.afael
J Jones, S Jose F J Burk. Fresno
G Stennenberg, U S A T Hansen, Stockton
F Parmenter. S Jose J E Ager. S Cruz
NEW "WESTERN HOTEL.
A E Martin & w, Minn
H Cavllle.' London
C Garey, Portland
J Woolley & w. Chicag
C C McClerety & w,
Oakland
L J Webbs, Denver
L McNamee, USN
S Jacobs. USN
J P Green. USN
E Allen. Phlla.
F Drake & w, Denver
J J Byrne. Los Ang
F W Sprague. Boston
R Neal, New York
A N Laird. N T
J C Bent* & w. Cal
R A Thomas, "Wash
Miss C Long:, Los Anff
Miss C F Meek. Boston
D M Morris, Chicago
W A Junker. Del Mnte
W H Moses & w, D C
LA Chase. N Y
Mrs J P Chase. N T
W Harkort. Germany
A Lipman, New Yorlc
J K Patterson, Phlla
C B Smith. N T
O C Stafford. Bombay
M D Ruben, Syracuse
T P Ryan, USA
S II Suguyama. Japan
E H Yoshlsakl. Japan
J R Crossler, Chicago
L Pelton. Chicago
E M Bergevln & w. 111
Miss Wickersham. Cal
O E Goodman Jr. Xapa.
C G Krogness. Chicago
D H Steinmetz. Carters
T J Kirk. Sacto
F H Short. Fresno
L Mannheimer, N Y
PALACE HOTEL.
8
OCEA2I TxtAVTSI*.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, at 1 p. m
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG calling at
Kobe (Htcgo), Nagasaki and Shanghai and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for
India, etc. No cargo ¦ received on board on
day of sailing. . . ' .
SS. NIPPON MARU.. ."Wednesday. July 17 1301
SS. AMERICA MARU. ...Saturday, Aug. 10. 1901
SS. HONGKONG MARU
......Wednesday. September 4. 1!»1
Round-trip tickets .at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's ofnee.
421 Market street, corner First.
W. H. AVERT. General Agent. 1
.COMPAQHIE BENBSALE TRAHSATLANTIQUE
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. a****.
. Sailing every Thursday, instead of
Saturday, at 10 a. m., from pier 42. ¦^!rXiWcS*
North River, foot of Morton street: La Cham-
pagne. July 4; La Gaacogne. July 11: »La Nor-
mandie. ' July 18: La Eretagne. July 25.
First class to Havre, $70 and upward. Second
class to Havre. J45 and upward. GENERAL
AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES and CAN-
ADA, 32 - , Broadway ¦ (Hudson building). New
York. J. F. FUGAZI & CO.. Padflc Coast
Agents, 5 Montgomery avenue. San , Francisco.
Tickets mid by all Railroad Ticket -Agent*. :
- *Twln Screw , Express Steamers.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
«V Steamers leava Broadway
alt Wharf, San Francisco:
§53t>gj£_^ For Alaskan ports— 11 a. m.,
|«£5av . Ju n " 25. 30, July 5. Chang? to
tj&J?>3|£j<*k company's steamers at Seattle.
fssk EfSduJk** For Victoria. Vancouver (B.
E^ynj \% C). Port Townssnd, Seattle.
I EaKMiSrffS&l Tacoma, Everett, Anacortes
i fr^^fefifcla \ and ew "^ateom (Wash.)—
11 a. m., June 25. 30. July 5.
and every fifth day thereafter.
Change at Seattle for this company's steamers
for Alaska and CJ. N. Ry. : at Seattle or Ta-
coma for N. P. Ry. : at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka and Humboldt Bay— 1:30 p. m.,
June 28. July L 6. 11 13. 20, 25. 30. August 4.
For San Diego, stopping only at Santa Bar-
bara. Port Los Angeles and Redondo (Los An-
prcles) — Steamer Queen. Wednesdays. 9 a. m.;
Steamer Santa Rosa. Sundays. 9 a. m.
For Los Angeles, calling at Santa Cruz. Mon-
terey. San Simeon. Cayucos. Port Harford <San
Luis Obispo). Gaviota. Santa Barbara. Ven-
tura. Hueneme. San Pedro. East San Pedro.
•Newport (»Corona only) — Steamer Corona, Sat-
urdays, 9 a. m. ; Steamer Bonlta, Tuesdays, 9
a. m.
For Ensenada. Magdalena Bay. San Jose del
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altnta. La Paz. Santa Rosa-
lia and . Guaymas (Mex.)— 10 a. m., 7th eaci
month.
For further . Information obtain company's
folders.
The company reserves the right to chang*
steamers, sailing dates and hours of sailing
without previous notice.
TICKET OFFICE — 4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL, PERKINS A CO.. Gen. Agents.
?t .' 10 Market st.. San Francisco.
O. R. & N. CO.
Only Steamship Lino -to
PORTLAND, Op.,
And Short Rail Lfno from Portland to nil
points 'En«t. Through tickets to all
points, all rail op uteamshio nnd rail, at
ZiOVVUST DR.A.TES.
STEAMER TICKETS INCLUDE BSETH and HEAli
SS. COLUMBIA
Sails July 2. 12. 22. August 1. 11. 21. 51
SS. GEO. W. ELDER
Sails July 7, 17. 27. August 8. 18. 23
D.W.HITCHCOCK, Gen. Agt, 1 Montgom'y.S.F.
AMERICAN I1INE.
HEW TOHK. SOUTH* UPTON. tCDOH. PABia.
Stopping at Cherbourg", westbound.
From Sew Tork Every "Wednesday, 10 a. m.
St. Louis July 17f Philadelphia .August tl
St. Paul August 7 St. Paul. ,.... August n
St. Louis August 141 St. Louis.. September 4
RED STAR LINE.
New York and Antwem.
From New Tork Everv Wednesday, 12 noon.
?Zeeland July V Southward July 31
Friesland July 17 "Vaderlanrt ..August 7
Pennland July 24 Kensington ..August 11
•Stop at Cherbourg, eastbound.
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO..
CHAS. D. TAYLOR.
General Agent Pacific Coast. 30 Montgomery st.
oceanics.$.ce. bsssb
- SS. ZEALANDIA (Honolulu only>
Wednesday.' July 3. 10 a. m.
SS. SIERRA (via Honolulu), for Samoa,
• -New Zealand and Australia
..Thursday. July 11, 10 a. m.
SS. AUSTRALIA, for Tahiti
Tuesday.* August 6. 10 a. m.
i. D.SPBESXELS k BROS. CO., Gsnsral Agents, 327 fcrisi St
Gen'l Pas3sngsr Gifts, 643 ftrket St. Pier to. 7. Pacific St
PACIFIC STEAM NAVIGATION CO,
And CIA SUD AMERICANA DE VAPO3ES
To Valparaiso, stopping at Mexican. Central
and South American ports. Sailing from How-
ard-street wharf No. 3. 12 m.
TUCAPEL July 8JACONCAGUA ..July 23
AREQU1PA July lOlPERU August 7
These steamers are built expressly for Cen-
tral and South American passenger service.
(No change at Acapulco or Panama.) Freight
and passenger office, 316 California street.
BALFOUR. GUTHRIE & CO.. Gen. Agenta.
PANAMA t i I B5?
TO NEW' YORK VIA PANAMA DIRECT.
Cabin. $105; Steerage. $40.
S. G. Argyll sails Fri lay. June S3
S. S. Leelanaw sails Moadiy, July lo
S. S. Argyll «n»N Moti'lav. Auft. 12
From Sea Wall (Section 1) at 2 p. m.
Freight and passenger offlca, 330 Market st.
F. F. CONNOR. Pacific Coast Agtnt.
BAY AND RIVES STEAMEBS.
FoTiTirNAY^^
i Steamere GEN. FRI3BIE or M03T1C3LL0
9:45 a. m.. 3:15 and 8:30 p. m., except Sun-
day. Sunday. 9:45 a. m.; S:SD . p. m. Leaves
Vallejo 7 a. m.. 12:30 noon. « p. m.. except
Sunday. Sunday, 7 a- m... 4:13 p. m. Fare 54
cents. Telephone Main 15C3. Landing and of-
fice, pier 2, Mlsslon-at. dock. HATCH KUOS.
AUCTION SALES
AUCTION SALE.
J6a. : v &* JN
SPEED. SPEED. SPEED.
> \. V THIS DAT.
FRIDAY, June 2», at 11 o'clock, at J. D.
Horan's salesyarda. corner Tenth and Bryant
sts. By order of Captain Hackett, I will sell
10O head of the finest bred trotting and run-
ning horses ever offered in California.; also
several matched carriage teams, polo ponies
and work horses of every description. Th«
above stock was formerly owned by Dan Mc-
Carthy. They are all well broken to and bred
In the purple and will positively be sold to tho
highest bidder without reserve. Catalogues day
of sale. S. WATKIN3. Auctioneer.
on Thursday; jaiy 11,
Th« undersigned will sell at auction, with-
out reserve.
Over FIFTY (50) CHOICE STAND-
ARD TROTTERS and PACERS
Bred at Oakwood Stock Farm. Danville, Cal.
Ev«ry one guaranteed perfectly broken, sjn-
m\* and double, sired by Charles . Derby 2:20.
Btelnway 2:Z5%. El Benton, Don L. etc.
There are many well-matched stylish car-
riage and road teams among them. It will pay
lntendlnr purchasers, who are seeking flrst-
ctasn gentle driving horses they can depend
upon, to watt for this grat sale. Catalogues
Issued at once.
WILLIAM G. LAYNQ, Auctioneers
OCCIDENTAL HORSE EXCHANGE. 7n
HOWARD ST.. SAN FRANCISCO.POPULAR YOUNG PERSONS OF
ANGELS CAMP WHO HAVE
JOINED THEIR FORTUNES.
.». • ___________________
An, Insolvent Grocer.
Louis Henrlnghi. a grocer "residing .In
this city, filed a petition in insolvency yes
terday, in the United States District Court:
He owes 53907 and he has $935 assets. .;.-\. .
2 Hugh ; president ] of the 'Chamber
of Commerce, will speak before, the Ma
chinists' Union at its. hall, corner of Sixth
and Shipley streets, : this evening Mr
Craig's subject will be J'New Zealand—
A Country Without Strikes." . .
Hugh Craig to Lecture.
Nejjro Murderer Electrocuted.
v COLUMBUS, . Ohio,,; June v 28.-— Edward
Ruthven,' a negro, was electrocuted in the
annex ' at ' ( the Ohio • State Penitentiary- at
12:0S ai: m."'-His crime .was the. murder of
Policeman Shipp in Cleveland on the night
of*May.'8;;im ¦¦.:¦'•••¦.-....
LOS "ANGELES; June ' 27.— Two trains
carrying 1 700 ¦ Porto Rican emigrants 'des
tined for the plantations of Hawaii passed
through here ; at 2 la. _m. , The emigrants
were embarked, upon the steamer Colon
at Port Los Angeles ; this morning and
sailed immediately for Honolulu.
Porto Ricans Sail for.: Hawaii.
Valises or dress suit cases? Nonsense! We
get them by the carload, so that we can
pell at low prices. -Pocketbooks, billbooks,
card cases, belts, etc., all come in large
shipments. On air fine leather goods in
cluding kodaks and cameras, we'll letter
your name in grold— free. Sanborn, Vail
& Co., 741 Market street. ¦ ', * l
Travel Without Trunks,
P., L. Miles, -United States quartermaster
at Honolulu, has. notified -United States
District Attorney ; Woodworth that . j the
total amount of the defalcation of Charles
L.V Clayton, formerly, quartermaster's
clerk on board the transport Sheridan, is
Clayton i was arrested June 3 by United
States Secret Service Agent George W.
Hazen 1 in the. house of a friend on Castro
street. Two days before his arrest : the
clerk had gone . on the transport to . turn
over I his books and accounts r to :a clerk
named Strauss, who had . been appointed
to succeed him.' ¦ ..¦ T ~ ¦ ¦.¦ •- • •'
-Making an excuse that he wished to get
shaved he- went ashore, and was not seen
on board from : that time until , his arrest
by Chief Hazen. Clayton had been on a
spree since: the ;tlme of his disappearance
and ' was ' a nervous wreck .when be ap
peared ln>court. ' The complaint on which
the : warrant was ; issued for his apprehen
sion was sworn 1 - to by .Major Oscar F. ;
Long,' depot « quartermaster, arid j charged
that . Clayton x had ; stolen T $1052 95 : of the
Government's," money. -"-.-;.:. .'-¦• -V— ¦¦> '.»• :
: -: Clayton ; is still - in jail ' awaiting an . in
dictment : by : the ; Federal' Grand Jury.*
. ....... ¦•• ,i ¦ ....... ......
EXACT AMOUNT OF ~
CLAYTON'S DEFALCATION
General Lawlessness. ¦ '
WASHINGTON, June 27.— The attention
of the Navy Department has been formal
ly called to what appears to be an unsat
isfactory condition of affairs in Guam.
The incoming- mail^has brought a copy of
an order Issued by the naval commandant
of the island. Commander Beaton Schroed
er. denouncing "hoodlumism and lawless
ness." which' ht says are rampant at-the
station. The order refers to "terrorism
at the fort, gambling and drunkenness,
which have brought the United States
force into disrepute."
The order clot.es with .the imposition of
restrictions on the liberty of the marines.
It is believed the Navy Department will
be obliged to look into the denunciation
of the marines. General. Hey wood, com
mandant of marines, already has been
callc-d upon- to furnish such information
as he has, and it may be that a court of
inquiry will be appointed. The mall
brought him no report from Major H. K.
White, the ranking marine officer on the
island, nor. from any other source, con
cerning the reported troubles. He is very
much surprised at the extraordinary ecope
of Commander Schroeder's order, reflect
ing as it does upon the integrity of every
officer and man of the marine corps on
duty in the island. . . - ,
Naval Commandant Denounces Them
for Acts of Hoodlumism and
MABINES RAISE TROUBLE j
AT THE ISLAND OF GUAM
A decree was recorded yesterday in the
Recorder's office condemning property be
longing to the Spring Valley Water Com
pa 5 y .i yll JF b .f, tw een Laguna de la Merced
and the Pacific Ocean and containing 41 4
acres. The amount paid to the water
company by the United States Govern
ment is $42,162, and" it is the intenUon Sf
the Government to erect a battery on the
property. The transaction will undoubt
edly improve the barren land In the im
mediate vicinity, thereby increasing. v£l-
Spring Valley Land Condemned.
John Ryan, the Third Member of the
Gang, Is Placed Under
: Arrest. : ..- ¦. . .,;' ¦
The third member of the trio of bur
glars who on Tuesday night stole" several
watches and other articles from- the room
of Louis C. Hoffman,; grocer,, 341 Eddy 1
street, which is in the rear of his store,
was captured by Detectives Ryan, O'Dea
and Riordan yesterday. * He is John Ryan,
a cripple, who at one time was the pro
prietor of a saloon in Seattle. The stolen
articles were pawned at 156 Third street
and Ryan was Jdentifled as the -man who
pawned them. .He was drunk when ar
rested. ' ¦ ' : ' "¦ '/ ;; ' '. '¦¦' ' " ¦ • -¦ ' ' ,
-The detectives have- recovered the stolen
articles as well as other articles pawned
by Ryan and -which are' supposed to • be
the proceeds of- other burglaries.- An ef
fort will be made «to find owners for them
so that other r charges may - be ; ¦ made
against the trio. :, "Dog Face" Brown and
Thomas Barrett, the other two burglars,
who were arrested "Wednesday, afternoon,
are still in ¦ the "tanks."' along- with
Ryan, but . will probably .be charged to
day. : '-..¦¦.'-¦¦
THREE BURGLARS ARE
Ti LOCKED UP IN THE TANKS
Howard Tuttle, who disappeared from
this city on June 8 after posting a notice
of his own death on the door of his
father's restaurant on Geary street enmn
back to the city last night. He^ had sC
?l y £, een r CT t zy & un]i and wandered away
to San Jose with a woman.. He lost her
there and went on to Fresno, where he
has been ever since. He says he will ko
home to-day, and really doesn't' know
tlS? e Wl " d ° next t0 "eate a sS-
Howard Tuttle Conies Back.
ALAMEDA, June 27.— With grappling
irons husband and son dragged the waters
of the tidal canal this, morning in the
search for the body of the -wife and
mother, Mrs. Caroline Morgenroth, who
disappeared from her home, 2511 Santa
Clara avenue, Tuesday morning, after re
peated threats to end her life and suffer
ings After a two hours' search, rowing
up and down in a rowboat, the efforts of
the anxious relatives of the unfortunate
woman were rewarded by the discovery
of the body, the grappling hooks catching
in the clothing and bringing It to the sur
face..
Mrs. - Morgenroth i left J her home at ?
o'clock Tuesday morning, escaping the
vigilance of her family, to whom she had
often said that If she lived near the. tidal
canal she would Jump into the waters and
end her sufferings, of long standing. Her
daughter was awakened by the striking of
a clock, when she discovered that the
front door was wide open.
The daughter knew that her mother had
escaped from the house and alarmed the
family. All night they searched for her
without finding atrace. except footsteps
leading out of the yard. When daylight
broke the search was kept up and contin
ued until this morning.
Mrs. Morgeni*oth was a native of Alsace,
Germany, aged 55 years, and had resided
with her family in Alameda nineteen
years. She leaves a husband and five
children. '
; The Coroner'3 inquest was held at' 8
o'clock to-nightr when, the jury brought
in a verdict that the deceased came to her
death by suicide. - \ .?. .
GRAPPLING HOOKS BRING
; BODY FROM TIDAL CANAL
Remains of Mrs. Morgenroth, Wko
Drowned Herself, Found by
Father and Son.
A loud explosion, followed by a sheet of
flame which shot high into the air was
the result of the helper's carelessness. '
Bute was knocked down and severely
burned about the face and hands. He was
« f n »i 0 *? n |. ar - b y drugstore and then
sent to the Emergency Hospital. ,Uls
companion escaped uninjured. '' ¦
Mn % explosion caused great excitement.
Hundreds of people, attracted by the
«wl S JL a 2 d the c ° lun l n ot flame that shot
skyward, ran to the 'spot. They wore
warned away by the police, as it was
feared a mor<» damaging explosion might
Paul C. Bute, a helper employed by the
Independent Electric Light Company, was
badly burned about the face and hands
early this morning while attempting to
repair a break in one of the company's
wires on Market street, near Fifth.
To reach the break Bute, removed the
plate covering a manhole. He lighted a
match to enable him to see. The small
flame, ignited the gases collected in the
manhole.
Paul C. Bute, Looking for
a Break, Is Badly
Burned.
GAS EXPLODES
IN A MANHOLE
Union Pacific. It is known that when the
conference with " President Hays is ended
they will journey to Los Angeles and lay
plans for the new road that is being built
by the Union Pacific between Uvada and
Los Angeles, in opposition to the Clark
road.
The arrival of President Burt comes as
a surprise to a majority of the local rail
road men. He will come over to the city
to-day. Yesterday afternoon on the ar
rival of the train at the Oakland mole his
private car 'was switched ¦ from the train
and placed conveniently to the ferry slip.
President Burt decided that he was too
tired to come to the city ¦ after his long
ride, and that he would come over bright
and early this morning. ¦¦¦¦:,-' .
Several Pensions Issued to Residents
OF INTEREST TO PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC SLOPE
Oregon.
of California, Washington and
WASHINGTON. June 27.— Postofflce es
tablished: California — Danby, San Ber
nardino County, Donald T. Jackson, Post
master. Postmasters commissioned—Da
vid Robinson, Sebastopol; Oregon— John
M. Anderson, Dairy.
These pensions were Issued to-day: Cal
ifornia, original— Andrew B. Pyles, Reed
ley, ?6; Charles F. Woodward, Soldiers'
Home, Los Angeles, 56; "William B. Shaw,
Fernando, $6; John C. Foster, Salinas, $6;
Thomas J. Conway. Trinity Center, $6;
Lewis D. Collins, Sacramento, $8; addi
tional—Wm. F. Higgins, West Side. $8; in
crease — Hezekiah "Vandorn. Palo 'Alto, $14;
Lev! Linder, Gilroy, $12; John McDonald,
San Francisco, $8; John A. Ellert, San
Francisco, $8; Thomas W. uhappell. . San
Diego, $8: reissue and increase — Nelson
McCain. Pomona, $10.
Oregon, additional— Samuel T. Soback.
Salem, $12; original widows— Mary J.
Fueston, Comstock,, $S.
"Washington, original— Timothy Billings.
South ¦ Bend, |6; original widows — Jane
Plaster, Riverside, $8; Mary E. Whipps,
Peone, ?12.
St. Helena Goddess Elected.
.i ST. HELENA, June 27.— The voting con
test for Goddess of Liberty for the Fourth
of July celebration here closed to-day,
after an exciting contest. Nearly 12,000
votes were cast. Miss Susie Smith receiv
ing 4010 votes. Miss Anna.Mixon 3908. Miss
Mary Warren 1783 and Miss Laura Chord
1730.
Consolation, preliminary round — Miss D.
Rastall beat Miss B. F. Jones. 6-2, 6—2. First
round— Miss D. Rastall vs. Miss Huey. 6—4,
1—3. unfinished; Miss/ Rachel Harlan vs. Miss
J. B. Clark. 7 — 5. 1 — 6. 3 — 3. unfinished.
Women's doubles, preliminary round — Misses
M. Jones and E. Moore beat Misses G. F.
Jones and J. B. Clark, 6—1. 6—2. First round
sliest* Jones and Moore beat Mrs. Green and
Miss Chichester, 6—2, 6—4; Mlsseg AtkinBon and
McAteer beat Misses r>. Rastall and E. Rastall,
6—3. 6—0.
Mixed doubles, semi-final round— Miss M.
Jones and Mr. Little beat Mr. and Mrs. Field-
Ing. 6—1. 6—1; Miss McAteer and Dr. Stevens
beat Miss Rastall and Mr. Hoskins, 6—2, 6—1.
Women's iln&les. semi-flnal round— Miss Bes
sie Moore beat Miss Atkinson, 6—2. 6—2; Mies
Marion Jones beat Miss. Emma Warren, 6—1,
6-2. - .... • ' . ¦, _
The most interesting contest of (.he day
was the final ladies' single match between
Miss Juliet Jackson and Miss Bessie
Moore. The two are eld time rivals and
each has held the national championship.
Both were in gocd fettle. Miss Moore won
the match after the hardest kind of strug
gle in the final set. Miss Moore will meet
Miss Jones, who drew a bye,' for the final
honor on Saturday. The winner of that
match will meet Miss McAteer, the pres
ent champion, for the national champion
ship. In the doubles Miss Moore and Miss
Jones will play against Miss Atkinson
and Miss McAteer. Summary:
PHILADELPHIA. June 27.— The torrid
weather served rather to improve the
quality of the tennis played to-day in the
ladies' national championship at Wissa
hickon Heights. The &eTni-finals in all the
important contests were played, and the
preliminary round in the consolation
matches was' advanced. To-morrow the
finals in the doubles will be decided, and
en Saturday the singles will reach a con
clusion.
the Links at Wissa
hickon Heights*
CHAMPIONSHIP
IS THEIR GOAL
-.'¦¦? —
Women Contesting on
o'clock, two of the most popular
young persons of Calaveras County were
ANGELS CAMP. June 27.— At the
home of the bride's parents, Mr,
and Mrs. Charles W. Lee of Angels
Camp, on Sunday morning at 7
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LONDON. June 27.— A portrait of Lou
isa. Lady Manner, afterward Countess of
Dysart, by Sopner was sold at auction
this afternoon for 14,450 guineas.
Portrait Sells for a Fortune.
A wedding breakfast followed the cere
mony, after which Mr. and Mrs. Manley
left on the^ stage for an extended wedding
tour to Monterey and Other coast resorts.
The many presents attested the popularity
of the young couple.
mairied in the presence of relatives and
immediate friends. The groom, George W.
Manley, has been for years connected with
the electric light company of Angels
Camp. The bride was Miss .Myrtle
Lee, youngest daughter of Mr. and Mrs.
Charles Lee, a society belle and an ac
complished musician.
The parjprs were tastefully decorated
with masses of ferns and sweet peas,
making fitting surroundings for the
charming bride, who was robed in an ex
quisite gown of white silk and mousseline
de soie. ', "
PRESIDENT OF THE UNION
PACIFIC. WHO ARRIVED
HERE YESTBR2>AY.
Four-Horse Team Draws the Metal
-.-. .... Worth Over Two Hundred
. Thousand Dollars. :
VANCOUVER, B. ;•- C, June 27.— The
largest bar of gold ever taken out of the
Cariboo country, and' probably the largest
ever made, /will arrive ; here by train to
morrow on its way to Glasgow, Scotland,
where, it will; be exhibited. The gold is
worth a little over $200,000 and represents
the spring clean-up on the Cariboo hy
draulic mine, the largest property in ¦ the
province. Two hundred men . are em
ployed there. the year around,: the work
ings all being above ground. -The water
consumed ] daily j In the big plant would
be sufficient to- supply a city of 100,000
people. It took a four-horse team to haul
the big bar of gold, which "weighs 1100
pounds, the 120 miles from the mine down
to the railway station at Ashcroft.' — -
Pupils in San Jose and Santa Clara
. Complete Studies at Two. In :
stitutions.
¦ SAN, JOSE, June 27.— A large audience
of relatives and friends of the pupils at
tended the graduation exercises of the
San Jose High School in the Normal As
sembly Hall this forenoon. Professor H.
Morse Stephens of the department. of his
tory of Cornell University delivered an
address. The clas3 Is the largest yet
graduated from the school. Under Princi
pal A. E. Shumate, the school has In
creased until there are now 400 students
enrolled, and it ranks as one of the best
In the State. Professor Shumate present
ed diplomas. to the following pupils:
M Maud Armstrong. Norman B: Braly, Clara
Belloli Fannie Theodora Bachrodt, Ruby Alice
Brooks, Maude Evelyn Baker. Harriet ~L.
Boucher, William A. Burrell, Charles E. Brown,
Edna Louise Ecker, William Edwards, Far.nie
Edwards, Hugh R. Gregg. C. William Hender
son Mary L. Hayward. Camelia May Jarman,
Edna A. Kennedy, Birdie Ruby Lenz, Jessie T.
McGraw Louise McGraw. Eleanor V. Orgren,
Ethel B. Pfau. . Grace Drew Proctor. . Vere . S.
Richards, Mary St. John, Jeannette S. Stiled,
Nina G Showalter, Winifred Van Hagen. Al
bert G. Wheeler. Ethel M. Wood, Gertrude
Williams, Virginia Hardy Williams C. Moore
Waite. Jessie Wiley, Louise W. White, Mabel
Edna Young. "*•¦;
The graduating exercises of the Santa
Clara High School were held this evening
In the conservatory of the University of
the Pacific at College Park. A- fine mu
sical and literary programme was renG
ered. D. M. Delmas delivered an address.
The graduates are as follows:
Louie Allan, Mae Atkinson, 'Edith Baltz.
Eleanor Bown. Edith Ball, Lucas Downing,
Martha Fox, Ida Freeman, Gertrude Hall, Reg
inald MacSwain, Minnie Neill, Leona Orfleld.
Jessie Patterson. Barney Patterson. Cora Rlng
lep- Clarissa ' Roehr ¦ Walter Sontheimer, -Ea
telle Stevens. Grace Stone, Earl Wakeman.
Edna Wilson. Sadith Whitehurst. Ola Win-low,
Frederick Woodharas.
IMMENSE BAB OF GOLD
. OUT OF THE CARIBOO
SIGH SCHOOL GRADUATES
GIVEN" -THEIR DIPLOMAS
RAVEL -STAINED and tired,
I President Horace G. Burt of the
I Union Pacific arrived from
JJL Omaha, in his private car yester
day afternoon. He looked the typ
ical railroad president sitting in his car
as the train rolled Into the Oakland mole,
fanning himself and poring over charts
and maps that were laid out on a table 1
in front of him.
What is President Burt out here for?
He said yesterday that he was just tour
ing the coast for pleasure and that he
might go to Los Angeles to visit his sis
ter, who resides there. The railroad men
around the yellow building, however,
claim that this visit is a result of the
Harriman interests controlling the South
ern and Union Pacific, and that this is
the first of many consultations that will
be held between Presidents Hays and
Burt with a view to bringing the
roads Into closer affiliation. Hays and
Burt met in conference in Chicago about
two weeks ago, and it is presumed that
the arrival of Burt in San Francisco
means that they will talk over certain
matters that lack of time prevented dis
cussing at their last meeting.
President Burt would not talk about
railroad affairs. In fact, he said that he
only knew that J. C. Stubbs had been ap
pointed traffic director of his road through
the newspapers, and that he had not yet
received an official circular announcing
the appointment.
President Burt "is accompanied 'on his
trip by Chief . Engineer J. S. Berry of -the
OCEAN BTEAMEKS,
PLYMOUTH— Arrived June 27— Stmr Auguete
Victoria, from New York, for Cherbourg and
Hambuir, and proceeded. t •
ROTTERDAM— Sailed June 26— Stmr Pot»
fiua, item New York, for Boulogne.
ASTORIA— Passed out June 27— Br etmr
Knight Companion, for Yokohama.
Thursday, June 27.
Ger etmr Ammon, Dehrnwnn, 102 days from
Hamburg, via Mazatlan 6 days.
DOMESTIC PORT.
ARRIVED.
DENVER. June 28.— Johnny McDonald,
the California jockey who has ridden, for
some of the greatest horseowners In the
country, died in a stall 'at Overland Park
of consumption. The boy came to Denver
about three weeks agro from Arizona
where he spent the winter.
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE
Jockey McDonald's Dsath.
ROME, June 27.— During a conflict be
tween Italian troops and the agricultural
strikers at Ferrara the soldiers fired a
volley Into the crowd. A Socialist paper
published here and called Avaunto asserts
that six of the strikers were killed and
twenty wounded. It may be that these
figures are exaggerated.
Troops Fire Upon Strikers.
ASTORIA. Or.. June 27. — One of the
largest timber deals ever made In this
part of the country will soon be closed.
The deeds, abstracts and other necessary
papers have been sent East for approval.
The purchasers are residents of Ashland,
Wis.. and the land comprises between 5000
and €000 acres of timber tributary to the
Clatskanie river, about twelve miles south
of this city.
Large Lumber Deal in Oregon.
WASHINGTON, June 27.— Moved by
strong appeals for clemency the President
has granted a pardon in the case of Cal
vin Joy Cressy of California, who, while
a member of the fourth class of the
Naval Academy, was convicted of hazing
and summarily dismissed from the
academy. Judge Advocate Lemly holds
that the pardon of Cressy will not operate
to restore him to the Naval Academy. As
to whether he might be reappolnted to the
academy the judge advocate general said
that was a matter for the Congressman
frcm his district to decide.
President Pardons Cadet Cressy.
Lieutenant Mina McNair has captured
fifty-four insurgents in the northwestern
part of the province of Tayabas, island
of Luzon.
MANILA. June 27.— Lieutenant Edward
Downs of the First Infantry and one pri
vate of that regiment have been killed in
tho southern part of the island of Samar.
Captain Woodburn of the Nineteenth In
fantry has captured Samson's camp in the
island of Bohol. Private Kraus of that
regiment was killed and four men were
wounded.
Fighting the Filipinos.
There is much talk regarding the candi
dates of the National party for the Presi
dency. This talk centers around Maximo
Gomez and Tomafi Estrada Palma. It Is
claimed that many would vote for Gomez
who would not vote for Palma. Masso
is another probable candidate. The re
spectable element apparently favors
Masso.
HAVANA. June 27. — The commission on
electoral iaw has finished its report, but
It has not yet been published. Conserva
tive delegates say the report is too radical
to be accepted. The subject of discussion
now is whether voters should be allowed
to have more than one vote. Some of the
most conservative delegates propose be
sjdps the vote which every man has he
fhall also be allowed an extra vote if he
is the father cf a family or If he pays
more than a certain amount of taxes, or
if he has a degree. In this way one man
could have four votes, and it is claimed
this would have a tendency to change
the face of affairs. This movement will
be proposed as an offset to universal suf
frage.
Commission Preparing a Plan by
Which, a Citizen May Have
More Than One Vote.
Both Consldines attended the inquest
end left immediately after the" taking of
The testimony without offering any testi
mony in their own behalf. The funeral
of w. L. Meredith will be held in this city
June 2S.
CUBANS WOULD OFFSET '.
UNIVERSAL SUFFRAGE
We, the jury, find that said W. L. Meredith
-.as murdered by John Considine. assisted by
Tom Consldine. by being struck on the head
with a revolver, fracturing the. efcull In two
places, by Tom Considlne, and being- Bhot In
the body three times by John Cor_-_lne. either
gunshot wcund being EUfflcient to cause death
of said TV. L. Meredith, the same taking place
at Guy's drug store on June 25, 1301.
Immediately after the verdict was ren
dered warrants were sworn to by A. G.
Lane and they were served upon the Con-
Fidine brothers in the cells at the County
Jail. The testimony brought out the
fact very clearly that Meredith
fired the first two shots and also that
.when Considine approached Mere
dith and fired the first shot that
Meredith was in a semi-conscious condi
tion and was leaning against a glass
showcase. The last two shots were fired
by Considine when Meredith was falling
to the floor.
SEATTLE. Wash.. June 27.— The Cor
oners jury impaneled to-day to investi
gate the causes leading to the shooting
resulting in the killing of ex-Chief of
Police William L. Meredith by John Con
sidine on the afternoon of June 25 re
turned the following verdict:
Brothers Guilty of the Seattle
Crime.
Coroner's Jury Holds the Considina
SLAYERS OF MEREDITH:
CHARGED WITH MUBDER
PLATTSBURG. N Y., June _7.~Jos«ph
Ladue. founder of Dawson City. In the
Klondike, died last evening at his home
in Schuyler Falls. He had not been well
s»nee his return from Alaska and spent
last winter at Colorado Springs in a vain
search for health. He fell m. victim to con
sumption, contracted in the severe north
ern climate. He leaves a wife and one
son.
Joseph Ladue was born on a farm near
the northern end of Lake Champlain.
Being of an adventurous nature, in his
rarly manhood he went to the far North
west and finally located on the Upper
Yukon, having been attracted there bv a
fine woodland in the neighborhood. Here
ht bought 1(W acres of land, built a saw
mill and established an embryo trading
J? oet - _, 11 wa * upon his land that gold was
discovered in the Yukon region, and
Laaue s trading: post became the prosper
ous city of Dawson. His esta/es in the
Klondike regnon. with the property that
ne nas sold, are said to be worth several
millions of dollars. Ladue returned to his
hcrne near Plattsburg in July. 1897. and
told strange stories of the sold-mad
£Olcny in the north. Love fftr Miss Anna
Mason of Schuyler Fulls. Ni Y.. led the
gold king back to civilization. She had
been engaged to Ladue for many years
and the marriage had been postponed
from time to time awaiting the day when
the lumber business on the Yukon should
justify their union. Fortune was the ally
of romance and Miss Mason became Mr*.
Ladue a few weeks after her fiance's re
trrr. in 1S97.
Sr»*cial Dirnateh to The Can.
Property.
Yukon Region Upon His
Joseph Ladue, Founder
of Dawson, Victim
to Consumption.
Gold Was First Discovered in
DIES FAR FROM
KLONDIKE HOME
OAKLAND, Juiie 27.— "We, the jury in
the above entitled cause, find the defend
ant, W. A. Brandes, guilty of manslaugh
ter and recommend him to the mercy of
the court. . H. E. MOSHER, Foreman." v
William A. Brandes, once sentenced to
life imprisonment for the murder of his
daughter Lillian, smiled when he heard
the foregoing verdict ..read In Judge Og
den's court this noon. The decision of the*
twelve men who heard the evidence at
the. second trial of the child slayer was
a palpable- compromise. " Eight jurors had
voted for a verdict of murder, either in
the first degree or in the second degree.
One hard-headed juror had declared the
accused parent ought to be burned at the
stake, but after nearly twenty hours of
deliberation in the jury' room two men,
Thomas Agnew and W. H. Rogers, with
the assistance of Henry Hauschildt, a
Redwood Canyon farmer, turned the ver
dict into one of manslaughter, with the
rider of recommendation to mercy.
Brandes. is more than satisfied with the
result of this trial. In spite of his declar-'
atlons that he believed he , should have
been acquitted, the man was. overjoyed,
and he displayed his gratification in every
move.
Attorney A. L. Frick. who defended
Brandes, was content. He had very little
comment to make. , .
"From a- professional point of view I
consider the verdict, a decided victory, 1 '
he said, "but, of course, from the stand
of the defendant it is not." ..
"Hauschildt wanted some more instruc
tions from the court this morning, but
when he found Judge i Ogden could not
give them until late this af tern ion he de
cided to vote for provided
the recommendations to mercy, were
added." ¦ ¦ •
The crime for which Branded has been
twice convicted was the killing of Lil
lian A. Brandes at Berkeley in Novem
ber, 1898. Her body was found hanging to
a bedpost, with external evidence of sui
cide, which the law officers have always
contended was arranged by Brandes and
his wife to cover the murder. The. body
of the child when taken in charge by the
Coroner was found covered with bruises,
plain evidence of brutality. An autopsy,
conducted by Dr. S. H. Buteau and seven
surgeon' assistants, disclosed the entire
absence of any trace of stmngulation,
but, on the other hand, sufficient brain in
jury from blows was uncovered to war
rant the opinion that the girl had been
foully handled. Immediately after these
disclosures Brandes and his wife, Mrs.
Etta Brandes, were arrested. She was
the dead child's stepmother. After a long
trial Bxandes was convicted of murder in
the second degree, but Mrs. Brandes was
discharged. The defense fought their case
out on a battle of opinion between medi
cal experts, the theory being held to that
the girl had actually killed herself. .. • '
That line was utterly abandoned at the
trial just concluded. Attorney Frick prac
tically admitted that the child had been
murdered, but that Mrs. Brandes and not
his client was responsible for her death.
The Brandes' son Milton testified at much
length about a fight between his mother
and his stepsister. His narrative was in
tended to convince the jury that Mrs.
Brandes had struck the girl with a piece
of hose to prevent the child from assault
ing her with a knife.
By other means all the effort of the de
fense was centered. in an attempt to fix
the blame upon the woman who had once
be«n" accused, but nevev was'prosecuted,
either as a principal or as an accessory to
the death of the girl. Now Brandes' law?
yer* contends that Mrs. ¦ Brandes- is be
yond the pale of the law, having been
discharged at the first trial.
Brandes was granted a new. trial by
the Supreme Court upon the same ground
that won Mrs. Botkln and Murderer Hoff
of San • Francisco another- trial; namely,
error of the Judge In giving certain in
structions concerning circumstantial . ev
idence. ¦
Brandes said to-day: • "I feel : that 'I
should have been acquitted. At any rate,.
I am going to try to free myself. I shall
make a fight for a new trial."
After Many Ballots tlie Tales
, men Agree Upon a . <¦
Compromise. -
Jury Convicts Oakland
Man of Crime of .
Manslaughter. #
BRANDES GUILTY
IS THE VERDICT
Hays of the Southern Pacific.
Executive of Union Pacific Arrives to Confer With
PRESIDENT BURT WILL
NOT TALK OF RAILROADS
BELLE OF ANGELS CAMP
RECEIVES WEDDING RING
Matrimonial Bonds Close About George W.
Manley and Miss Myrtle Lee.
TERRIBLE DEED
OF INCENDIARY
Farmhouse Set on Fire
Because Owner Defies
Blackmailers.
Wife of Farmer Is Fatally
Burned While Trying
to Save Papers.
TOPEKA, Kans., June 27.-Horribly
burned and dying in intense agony, was
the fate of Mrs. W. C. Carlson, wife of
a Cowley County farmer, because her
husband refused to deposit $5000 in a place
named by unknown blackmailers. Three
weeks ago Carlson, who is wealthy, re
ceived an anonymous note requesting
him to bury $5000 at the foot of a certain
telephone pole, under penalty of having
his house- burned. The suggestion was
ignored. One week later another anony
mous note was received stating that If
$5000 was not deposited within a week hi3
house would be burned and he would be
killed. No attention was paid to these
communications and on Saturday night,
while Carlson was en route to Medford
for mail the home was fired. Mrs. Carl
son was found about ten feet from the
ruins by Mr. Dunn, a neighbor, horribly
burned and insensible. She was taken
home by Dunn, where she rallied enough
before dying Sunday to relate the trans
action. She rushed outside when she dis
covered the fire, but returned for some
papers and a treasured old violin and
tried to save them. From that moment
her mind was a blank until she awoka in
the home of Dunn.
EVENTS IN SOCIETY
Master Walter A. Vldy was tendered a
surprise party by his many friends last
Saturday evening at his home, 1873 Gold
en Gate avenue. Among those present
were the following named:
Misses Maude Jones. Rebecca Falk, Pauline
Neth. Julia Regan, Anna Regan, Ethel Dreyer.
Grace Dreyer, Hazel McCollough, Jean Mc-
Henry. Frieda 'Wahnlg. Jeanette Voorsanger
and Edna Vldy. Mrs. Frank Walther. Mrs. Jo
sephine Vldy, Mrs. Charles Benton, Masters
Paul Hopkina. Murray Hopkins, George Petrie,
Harold Petrie, Joseph Castor, Edward S. Mc-
Creedy and Flawn Carroll.
The Mission Literary Club held Its usual
monthly meeting at the residence of Mrs.
F. A. Cook, 925 Valencia street, June 19.
A very fine musical programme was given
in addition to the usual study of James.
Russell Lowell. Those present were the
following named:
Mrs. J. Burns, Mrs. J. Kemp, Mrs. T. Monln.
Mrs. W. A. Hewitt, Mrs. T. Banks, Mrs. F. A.
Cook, Miss May Cook, Mrs. Emerson Crane of
San Lorenzo. Mrs. J. Hey, Mrs. E. McEwen.
Mrs. F. J. Moore. Mrs. E. B. Vreeland of Ala
meda. Miss De Winters, Miss Banks, Mrs.
Chamberlain, Mrs. Jackson and Mrs. G. Bram
hall.
At the residence of the bride's parents,
3650 Twentieth street, Mr. Otto F. Lange
of 137 Carl street and Miss Lizzie J. Mur
phy, daughter of Mr. and Mra. M. Mur
phy, were married last evening at 8
o'clock. Miss May A. Murphy, the bride's
sister, acted as bridesmaid, and Mr. Julius
Lange was groomsman. The bride wore
a tailor-made suit, while Miss May A.
Murphy was attired in pink crepe de
chine. By special request .the . Rev.
Father Brennan of Mission Dolores of
ficiated. Mr. Lange is a son of Mr. Will
iam Lange, the capitalist, and brother of
Mr. William Lange Jr., secretary of the
Gray Eagle Oil Company. After a stay of
about two weeks at Bartlett Springs the
young couple will go to Bakers field, where
they will reside. Mr. Lange is interested
in the oil business there.
Miss Ida Wallach has returned from
Lake Tahoe and will be pleased to see her
friends at 1114 Turk street.
Mrs. A. Heunisch and her son, Albert,
have gone to Coronado, where they expect
to remain several weeks.
Mrs. J. P. Grogglns left for New York
a. couple of weeks ago for an indefinite
stay. She Intends touring the Eastern
States with her husband.
Mr. and Mrs. A. L. Friedman (nee
Monasch) have returned from their wed
ding trip, after a sojourn of two weeks at
Blue Lakes, Laurel Dell and Vichy
Springs.
• W. W. Stone and wife are spending the
summer at Pino Grande Ranch, near
Guerneville. Sonoma County.
Mr. and Mrs. S. Franklin have returned
from their Southern trip and will be
pleased to receive their friends at 182S
Sutter street.
1 Mrs. John W. McCormick, daughter and
son, and her friend, Mrs. H. Scott, ax*
spending a month's vacation In Los
Angeles Santa Monica and Catalina Isl
and.
The Misses Genevieve O'Neill and Ger
trude McArdle are spending their vaca
tion at Anderson's Springs.
Mrs. B. C. Lewis of Tallahassee, Fla., Is
visiting her brother. S. L. Everett of Oak
land. Mrs. Lewis is accompanied by her
daughters, Mary and Lilla, and her
granddaughter, Mary Douglas Lewis. The
party will spend some months on this
coast.
Ohioans Are Grateful.
General Dick of the Ohio Congressional
party, which visited this city last month,
has warmly expressed the thanks of the
Ohio delegation for the attention and hos
pitality shown the j/arty while here. He
has written to Chairman J. P. Currier of
the ' committee on entertainment and to
each of Its members. He has also writ
ten to President Sbarboro and to Secre
tary C. E. Bancroft of the Manufacturers'
and Producers' Association to the same
effect. •
THE SAN FRANCISCp" CALL, -^ RID AY, JUNE 28; 1901/
9THE- SAN FRANCISCO FRIDAY^ JUNE 28, 19O1.
10
SAS FRAXCISCO CALL. |
BUSINESS OFFICE of The San Francisco
Ctll. ccrner or Market and Third streets; open
until 12 o'clock every night in the year.
BJU3CCH OFF1CES-S27 Montgomery street,
«rn»r Clay; orcn until. 9:30 p. m."
SCO Hayes Ftreet. open until 9:30 p. m.
€'9 McAllister street; open until 9:30 p. m.
C!3 Larkin street; open until 9:33 p. m.-
184! Mission street; open until 10 p. m.
tXl Market street. »-->roer Sixteenth; open
until S i>. m.
IOC Eleventh street; open until 9 p. m.
3OF6 Valencia street; open until 9 p. n>.
North west v corner Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky streets: open until 9 p. ra.
Iiyy) FillTrorg street; open until 9 p. in.
• MEETING NOTICES. £ j
CALIFORNIA Commandery No. 1. K. T.. I
S Post st.— Regular assembly- THIS -fcf=f-
EVENING, at 7:00 o'clock. kP3J
Order of the Temple. All fraters cour- <Py
teouflv invited. By order of the com-
mander. HIRAM T. GRAVES. Recorder.
OCCIDENTAL Lodge No. 22. F. and A. m
M — THIS (FRIDAY) EVENING at _£\
7:30 o'clock. Second degree. By order jLJ*
of the W. M. ' xr
WALTER G. ANDERSON. Secretary
FIDEI-ITY Lodge No. 123, F. and A. f» I
M.— Kuncral notice. Officers and mem- _*\^ I
hers are requested to assemble at Ma- }5 2T J
Fcnic Temple at 9:30 a. m. THIS DAI ' V M
(FRIDAT) for the purpose of conducting the J
funeral ceremonies of our late brother. JO- I
SEPH ELFELT. thence to Odd Fellows' Ccm-
• e'.ery for cremation. By order of the W. II.
FREDERICK BARRY, Secretary.
OPHIR Lodge No. 171, I. O. O. F.—
Initiation THIS (FRIDAY) =^Sg2S£=
EVENING. Brothers cordially in-
vije-d to attend.
J. R. MORRISON. R. S.
SAN FRANCISCO Te n t No. 18. K. ,*rn^
O. T. M.— Review THIS J
EVENING at S o'clock. Pit-near R£j,5.Nft '
KaU. U Fcvr'.h Ft. T tt ' X^J^^ i
EUREKA Benevolent Association.— The semi-
annual meeting of the members of this asso- ¦
ciatinn will be held on SUNDAY. June 20.
3 Si. J . at ]C:2i» a. m.. at the office of the asso- i
claticn. 4CS O'Farrell st. I3y order
METER H. LEVY, Secretary.
BTOCKHOLDERS' MEETING.
"dice to stockholders of the San Francisco
and San Joaquin Valley Railway Company.
.The annual meeting: of the stockholders of the
Fan Francisco and San Joaquin Valley Rail- |
way Company •will be held at the office of the |
company. Cll Market St.. in the city of San j
Francisco, Cal.. en TUESDAY, July 16, 1901, at
31 o'clock a. m., to elect a board of directors to
perve for the ensuing year and to transact such
other business as may properly come before the
meeting;. G. HOLTERHOFF JR., Sec.
STOCKHOLDERS' MEETING.
Notice to 'stockholders of the Santa Fe Ter-
minal Company of California. j
The p.nr.ual tneprfng of the stockholders of the
E.inta Fe Terminal Company cf California will
be hf!d at the office of the company, 641 Market
Ft., in the city of Fan Francisco. Cal., on
TUESDAY". July 16. 1SC1. at 2 o'clock p. m., to
elect a board of directors to serve for the: en-
Fuir.? year and to transact such other business
r.«= ir.ay properly come before the meeting. . •
G. HOLTERKOFF JR.. Secretary.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The "Weekly
Call. 16 pages, cent to . any address in the
United ' Stetes or Canada one year for $ 1,
# postage paid. ,
ADOPTION.
"WANTED— Fcr adeption. bright boy of about j
3 or 4 years of good parentage. Call in morn-
ing at yellcw cottage, first house west of
' Fruftvale ave.. on south side of E. 16th st.
AGEVTS WASTED.
AGENTS can make $2 to $5 per day. Call at
3 Taylor gt. t
ASPHAL.TUM ROOFING.
J. PELTIER, asphalt roofing, sidewalks re-
raited; postal. 1136 Mission: tel. Folsom 1607.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free: divorce law a specialty; private;
no fee wfthout success; collections. G W.
KOWE, atty at law. S50 Market.cor. Stockton, j
ADVICE free: no charges unless successful. W. i
TV. DAVIDSON. 527 Market st. opp. Mason, j
L. E. CLARK. Emma Spreckels bldg.. 927 Mar- j
J-pt «t.: consultation free; no fees. in advance. |
1
BOARDING FOR CHILDREN. .
2 PR 3 children to board, week or month; best
oarp;=ur>ny yard :nr.school:reasonable.lC07 Cal.
BOOKS: — XEW A\D OLD.
liOOKS of eve^ry~kind^boughL Teh" Red" MM.
HOLMES BOOK CO.. 704-706-70S Mission St.
BCSDTESS CH.WCES. !
A— tVSO: COFFEE caloon and restaurant; 1
block south of Market ft.; daily.receipts from
J-0 up; clearing about $100 per month; a rare
chance. Call R. G. WILKE. 26H: Keamy.
A— $550; SALOON with 36 furnished rooms; $350 '
cash, balance on time; rent $50; located
Fourth st. Call R. G. WILKE. 26'i Kearny.
A — FRUIT and vegetable store with 4 rooms;
rent $35; on Sutter et. ; price $600; business j
clearing above $150 per month. R. G. WILKE, |
26^ Kearny st. \
A.— $3000; I HAVE a client who keeps stores in 1
4 different mining towns and wants an active I
man as partner. Call R. G. WILKE. • 26^ !
Kearny et. " <
A RAKE chance — $430; restaurant about two
blocks south of Phelan building:; rent $30;
daily receipts average $30; meals from 15c uy;
living room; clearing $100 per month. Call R.
G. WILKE, 26*4 Kearny Et. *
$3300— CANDY store and factory In Oakland;
rent $20; the place clears above $200 per
month ; owner has other business and must
sell. Inquire R. G. A'JLKE. 26V4. Kearny st. j
A— ST50; DELICACY Ftore and branch bakery, !
with Z living rooms; rent $18: kept by owner
il year?: choice business location. Particulars :
R. G. WILKE, 26^ Kearny st. ;
A— $700; CORKER grocery -and bar with 3 liv- I
Ivz room*; rent $16; choice location in the
Mission; a Fteady and g-ood-paylng business.
Inquire R. G. WILKE. 26',4 Kearny St. !
A— $TW; SALOON'; no better located piace in
this city; rent $50; place clears easily $150
rer month; no night work. See R. G.
TTTLKE. SCH Keamy gt.
A— $550: CORXER grocery ar.d bar; good stock
end flxturf-s; receipts $12 day; 4 well-furnished
rooms: rent $20: bargain on account of de-
parture. STRAND & CO.. 209 Kearny B t.
A— $175; Branch bakery & variety store; 3 furn.
Tint.; rent ?14. STRAND & CO., 203 Kearny.
J230— PARTNER wanted In o'.d-ertablished com-
mlEslon business; will clear $75 to~*100 rxr
month to each: no exr>erier.c« required. See
_ STRAND & CO.. 209 Kearny st.
J7P0— Grocerj' ft fruit-; no rent: good clean stock.
$1500— Wine & liquor store; bar & bcttle trade.
>4."00 — Fhoe store; all new stock.
*2fi00 — Saloon and furnished rooms.
Fine saloon tailing $1000 mo.; call for prtc*.
fl.'iOO— Ranch SO acres; mall house.
$400— Candy store. Ice cream parlor.
We have some very 'genuine business oppor-
tunities vrcll worth investipation.
WALTER HAYES & CO.. S3S Market St.
GPCCERY and bar; no better money-making
place In city; fine cash trade: trial given be-
fore buying; owner wants to retire after sev-
eral years In business; gilt-efise chance; safe
Investment. Business Board Trade, 328 Pine.
ALL Wnds cf property bought, sold or exch. ;
specialty made cf buying and selling lodglng-
hons«»s: all kinds of clerical help Turiiistied.
GOLDEN RULE BROKERAGE OFFICE,
100S 1 /- Market «t.. room 4.
YOU can be suited in any kind cf business by
railing at office. ¦ .
G. TV. SCHWEINHARD, 917 Market st. near
Fifth. Phone Mint 1911.
FOR cale— An eld established grocery store
with a first-class bar; full Investigation. Call
»t store. Z1S Fourth st.. or at office of Retail
Grocers' Unicn. 214 California st.
SALOON for s=le— Centrally located on Market
ft.; dissolution of partnership: great bargain
F. C. CABTELHUN. 315 Montgomerv st
rooms 3-4. •
SZK— PARTNER wanted in light business; $15
to S20 a weok each: trial given; no experience
• required. 25 Geary st., room 1.
OFFICE— Real estate office for sale. JOSFPH
BAILIE. 759 Market st. 1U
2-OHAIR barber hhop for sale; feebastopol Cal
Apply to M. VIEIRA. \
FOR cale— Fruit busineps and store to rent
Apply at 450 Cortland eve. _ .
FOR S13CO: bargain; finf hotel or transient-
choice location on. Pacific st.. including sa-
loon and dancing hall. 24 Montgomery ave.
SPLENDID store in right location for any
bu?ines«: low. rent. LICHTENSTEIN, 15
Grant ave.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
Futscriptlons has been established at 109$
Valencia ft. ' :
OUR telesrarh tips on Eastern races are win-
ners. 9S7 Market gt.. room 116.
CANDY store for pal)?. 2474 Mist ion, near 21st. ;
sickness cause of pale. ' ' ~ : y.. ¦
JJILK depot for tale cheap. CornerFifth and
'Clqra'gtg. "-¦ . ¦ .'¦ -'-¦¦•*"'
$400 REStAURANT for eale this week, for $25*X
Call bet; 3 and 4 p. tn.. ¦ r. - 474. , Parron bldg.
GOOD opening for barber phop and batha ; In
feetel; also tailor. 7Vt Valencia rt.
I ItrSJXESS JCHAXCES— Contlnueil.
FOIt sale— In- Vallejo. one of the best corner
saloons and rooming house of 20 rooms, new-
ly furnished: be.«t rooms in town; If you are
looking for a f.ife Investment you will find It
here; will bear inspection; cause of selling, re-
tiring from business. For. particulars call on
ADAM MILLER.' cor. Virginia' and j Santa
Clara sts.. Vallejo.
WANTED- By an established, reliable mercan-,
tile firm, a partner with capital of $23,000 to
invest in a good-paying business; hl<?h mer-
cantile and bank recommendations. Box 3515,
Call office.
A NEW quick-selling invention; secure a
county right and make money; patents
bought and sold. WARD &. MOSELEY. 20
O'Farrell et., room 1. •¦
CLASSIF1KD advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore St.
I LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE?
I 43-ROO1I house; clears S200 $2000
S4-room boarding-house 7300
70 rooms; country hotel and bar ....300
8 rooms, on Mission st... '. .200
10-rocm corner flat 250
MONEY TO LOAN AT LOWEST RATES.
10 rooms en Eddy 400
• 32 rooms, on Market 1700
33 rooms; corner 1S00
15 rooms. In Oakland- rr>..... 450
IS-room house; sure to clear $100....: -.700
38 rooms: all rented; clears $175 2000
?6 rooms; elegant corner; clears $130 1900
21 roeras; fine and sunny; clears $140 1200
10 rooms; very central; on Taylor ..J-400
16 rooms; near Eddyf new furniture 1350
5fO other houses, from $30 to $10,000.
H. C. DECKER,- 1C20 Market St.. opp. 5th.
A. CAMERON & CO..
£50 Market st. and 8 Stockton st.
Rooms 21, 22 and .23. Phone Bush 328.
If you have hotel, rooming house or business
to sell list with us. We have cash customers
for all sizes and prices. See list of bargains.
17 rooms; rent $S0; 4-yr. lease; new fur.,
carpets; reduced to-jnake quick sale $1600
! 4fi rms.;rt. $173: fine cor.; gd. loc. ; cpts.-fur. 5000
! 16 rms. : rent $90; cor.; fine loc.-; good fur.. 2000
: IS rms.; rent $90: fine loc: full perman'ty. 2300
j IS rms.; rent $123: e'.eg'ly fur.: fst-cls hse. 2000
12 rms.; t. $r.5; wtr. fr.;elg.: full; fst-cls hs;
must sell at sacri.; ac. deptre; reduced to" 1050
I 16 rms.; fine transient house; new fur 1400
¦ II rrns.: Post: rent $S5; fine fur.; sunny.. 220O
j 14 rms.: r. $70: sny. ccr. : gd. hs. : pt. hs-kp. 1000
! MARION GRIFFIN-Mcney to Loan. '
J lift Market et.: by Call Bid?.; tel. Black 1S03.
No charge If you list your house with me.
These are samples; call at office for list.
29 rooms: rent $50: corner, S. o* Market. .$ 430
iiO rooms; rent. $100; clears $200 5000
13 rooms; all front rooms; rent $50 700
9 rooms; rent $20; central: leaving city.. 500
I 24 rooms: a nice cor.; clears $75; rent $5S. 1300
I .19 roooas; cor.; elev. : clears S4C0 month.. 6300
"ATTENTION, BUTERS!
You may buy any rooming-house In
the city, and pay for It
. in monthly payments
. from the profits ?
of ths house.
Vacant houses furnished.
DONALD INVESTMENT CO.. S50 Market.
FISHER & CO., 935 Market St., opp. Mason.
I S7 rooms, price $S0O: 25 rooms, price $1400.
?4 rooms, price $1000: 12 rooms, price $550.
26 rooms, price $1400; 11 rooms, price $325.
I S rooms, finely furnished: rent $3>; $300.
j If a bargain, we have them at any price.
THE largest and best list of lodging-houses
and hotels can fee found at office of
O. W. SCHWEINHARD,
No. 917 Market st. (near Fifth St.).
Phone Mint 191L
FOR HOTELS. BOARDING HOUSES AND
LODGING-HOUSES SEE WINSTON &
WOLF. 1026 MARKET ST.. THE LEADING
AND RELIABLE BROKERS.
! $375— LODGING-HOUSE, 10 rooms; furnished,
j S64«4 Mission st.
SPIRITUALISM^
i m^sTjTjTwhitney^
i Trance, business medium; life reader; exam-
ines ore; oil locations: medical clairvoyant:
treats, cures sick: cancer removed without
use of knife. 116t O'Farrell. nr. Gough: Ellls-
st. car; sit. $1; letter. $2. Tel. Hyde 2461.
RESUMED business— Mrs. Dr. Farnham, the.
i -world-renowned spiritual medium: advice in
i all affairs In life: lawsuits, divorces, deaths:
unites the separated: mining a specialty; cir-
cles Sun. Wed.. Fr!. eve.: letters answered.
Residence (no signs). 3S McAllister st.
DEVELOPING circle to-night: voices, lights,
slate writing-, etc.: readings daily. ARNOLD
DICKSON, 14S Sixth st.
I JOHN PLATER— Circles 25e. Mon. & Fxl. eves..
¦ 8:13: Wed. afternoon, 2:45: sittings daily. 10
I to 4, except Sun. 1SC5 Stockton, nr. Greenwich.
MLLE. M. WILLE. crystal seer, clairvoyant,
medium, of Paris; speaks English, French,
German: sittings 9 to 8: 50c. 213 Leavenworth.
MRS. HUBBAHD. 109 Oak— Circles Tuesday
sr.d Friday. 8 p. m. : Wednesday, 2:30 p. m..
J 10c; reading's daily r.0c.
MRS. GILLINGHAM, spiritual meeting 8 p.m.;
10c; bring sealed questions.305 Larkln; take el.
C. V. MILLER'S materializing 1 trumpet seance,
! S p. m. : .'Oc. 10S4 Bush st. ; tel. 2275 Larkln.
j MRS. HARLAXD'S seance to-niKht: written
questions ans., 10c; read'gs 60c, $1. 14S Sixth.
FRIENDSHIP Hall, 333 McAllister— Mrs. C. J.
Meyer: sittings daily; test to all to-night; 10c.
Mme. Cunningham; card reading by spiritual
I gift; SOc. $1 50; 8 a,m. to 9 p.m. 761 Mission.
EDWARD EARLE. 32S Ellis— Readings daily;
Feance Sun.. Tues. and Thurs. Tel. Polk 1601.
• CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
! Call, 16 pages, sent to any address In the
: United States or Canada one year for $1.
] CLAIRVOYANTS.
i A— LINCOLN CLAIRVOYANT AND
HIGH PSYCHIST
He tells your name, condition, desire, hopes,
1 etc., without asking a single question: cures
i diseases without medicine; shows you how to
avoid bad luck and how to make yourself
lucky; reunites the separated; makes har-
mony in your home; gives accurate advice on
all business affairs; Investments, mining, oil;
readings by mail; send stamps for terms.
125 Turk st. '
j MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
' reader, born with double veil — second sight;
j diagnoses disease with life reading: ladies 50c,
gents $1; palm, and clalr. sit, $1 50. 126 Turk.
! NAAMAN. Russian seer and palmist, satisfies
. when others fall, all affairs life, business or
i disease: no charge unless perfect satisfaction.
{ 326 O'Farrell st..; hours, 9 a. m. to 9 p. m.
! KNOW your fate; Mme. Richards, astrological
i palmist and reader of human destiny; nev^r
I fails; 25c and 50c. 1203 Mission St., cor. Sth'.
j Mrs. Dr. Faylor, queen of clairvoyants & palm-
ists: names and dates; L. 25c; G. 50c; mail $1.
j 1511U Market, on. Van Ness; tel. Mint 1055.
! MRS. DR. VALEEN. clalr., palmist: advice on
j all affairs; messages from departed friends;
teacher of personal magnetism. 1523% Market.
ISMAR. the Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located 1148 Market, op.
Cth; private readings daily. 10 a. Df to 5 p. m.
MME. SANDERS. 127 Mason St.. medium; palm-
ist: teaches mind telegraphy; advlcs on all
business: 4 question? by mail. $1: hrs.,12 to S.
MME. MONTAGUE, clairvoyant and palmist,
gives names, facts. dates:satisfaction bymail;
Inclose stamp. 1382 Market, op." Odd Fellows.
MRS. BROWN— Clairvoyant card reader; ladies
25c; rents 50e. 132 Sixth st.
MRS.KELVILL. well-known clairvoyant. water
reader. 11. 6th;German spoken ;tel. Howard 1816.
MME. BERNARD. 17 3d £t., gone on vacation;
» wll*. return soon: watch paper for ad. -
MMK. SCHAFFER. clairvoyant, card reader;
elttlngs^ally. 44S% Jessie tst.. bet. Sth and 6th.
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
palmistry: truth or no pay; 25c. 1149 Mission.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluentlv; business
sdvice:- r«mi>j p^vpn- ?"c tin. K Fourth ft.
CARPET BEATING AND CLEASIXO.
WHEN yoir become disgusted with poor work
send to SP.4i;LDIXG'S pioneer Carpet-Beat-
Uig Works. 353-357 Tehama st. ;. tel. South 40.
BEATING. Sc: laying. 3c- renovating. .. Be up:
work guaranteed/. T. .R. Co.: phone Scott 1310.
RUDOLPH & CO.. carpot-beeting works: prices
reasonable. 17C3 Harrison; tel. Mission 2C3. ¦
CON T KLI\"S Superior : Carpet-Beating Works.
333 Golden Gat»ave,: telephone East 126.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.;
-tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM. Proprietor.
JONES & CO.. reliable carpet cleaners and ren-
ovators. 25-27 Eighth jst.: tel. Jessie 1061.
SANITARY" cleaning and dveing company. 342-
244 McAllister St.: phone South 146/ '.
CITY Steam Carpet-Beating Work?, v G. H.
'STEVENS, mfcr.. 3S-40,Eth fit.; tel. South 200.
J. E. MITCHELL; Carpet-Beating and Reno-
vating Co.. 240 Fourteenth St.: tel. Mission 74.
CARPETS cleaned at the lowest rates. STRAT-
TON T . 3 Eighth st.: telenhone .Te»sle M4. ¦
«CHIRQPOI>ISTS-
INGROWN naTl^T^union^'coTn^r^n'artsT^hlN
blalns; painless cure. Dr. Duncan. 415 Sutter.
_ CO LLRCTIOy^O ¦¥• F ICE S.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Acency— No charge un-
. l«—» KUfCPFsful. "Room 310. 927. Market St. ¦
COTTAGES TO LET.
PERRY, 212. bet. 5th and Cth— Sunny~cotta<re7~4
¦ ¦ rooms; rent $10. : . .
$14 AND $1S— 2 modern sunny cottages. Do-
lorea sty bet. ISth and 20th; water free.
SUNNY furnished cottage. 6 rooms; large gar-
den; references. 40fi6" Twenty-third, nr. Castro.
DENTISTS.
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. SOD Mar-
ket St., cor. 4th.- rm. 7, Flood bldg.. you can
have your extractions deny painlessly; teeth
' without- plates our specialty; gold crowns,
I $3 50 up; plates, extraditions fiw, 51M m>; of-
fice hours, 9 a. m. to 10 p. m. ; Sundays, 9 to 2.
p. m. J. W. • THATCHER. .M.D.. Manager.
EIGHT-jirlzes for best crowns, plates,' bridges
and fillings; extractions or fillings by rny 1
wonderful secret; painless method; 20 years'
experience; no ; students: advice free; . prices
cheapest and guaranteed;, lady- attendants. '
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell st.
A— NEW unbreakable ulate the Rose Pearl,
warranted for 20 years; crowns. $3 50; fillings.
50c; plates.?:.; full set; allwork painless and
¦warranted.- Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth.
AT Ideal Dental Co.. G Eddy St.— Work dQne
on weekly installments; lowest rates.
PARIS Dental Parlor?, 233 Kearny, cor. Bush-
Full set of teeth, $4; crowns, $3; fillings. 25c-
DR. R.- L.WALSH.S15 5 !! Geary.nr.Larkin— Pain-
less extraction 50c: plates $5 up;phonePoIkll35.
DR. H. G. TRUMAN, dentist, third floor. Ex-
aminer building; formerly In Murphy bldg. .
LOWEST prices in S. F. Painless • extraction,
- 50c. N. T. Dentists. 909 Mission st.. cor. 6th.
VAN VROOM— "Painless" ; evenings and Sun-
days. 1001 Market St., corner Sixth. \
SET -of teeth without . plate. DR. V H. G.
YOUNG. 1341 Polk st.
• DETECTIVE AGENCIES. >
Mc^A^E^^D^ective^Agency^handles all legl-
.tlmate, detective business: divorce cases posi-
tively refused. Emma Spreckels building-,
rooms S23-324. San Francisoo: tel. South 381.
DRESSMAKERS AKD SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWELL Dressmaking & Military School-
Class rates; patterns-cut. 1019 Market st.
APCORDEON pleating; country orders prompt
attention. 121 Post, over O'Connor & Moffatt.
¦^ EDCCATIO\AL.
Shorthand, typing and' bookkeeping; Robert
F. Gallagher, expert court reporter, teacher of
shorthand; reportorial phrasing taught; prac-
tical bookkeeping, full course, $50; catalogue.
AYRES' Business College, 723 Market st.-Day
& eve. ; bookkeeping, shorthand, typing, teleg-
raphy, etc.; life scholarship, $50; ¦ individual
instruction; positions secured; catalogue free.
A— THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school for the university, law and medical
.colleges; references, President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan/ building.
ACTING, elocution, specialties; Hallett School,
associated with theatrical agency securing
positions. Alcazar building; 120 O'Farrell st
MERRILL-MILLER • College— Shorthand, typ-
•' lag, practical bookkeeping. Rooms 40-43, Par-
rott bldg.; individual instruction; catalogue.
ENGINEERING— Civil, elec.minlng.mech., sur-
vey, assay,- cyanide; day,- eve.; est. 1864. Van
der Naillen School, 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
A FULL course of Ellis bookkeeping and the
Gregg shorthand costs only $60. . San Fran-
cisco Business College, 1236 Market st.
A SPECIALTY— Perfecting beginners; business
college graduates; bookkeeping; figures; short
time. TARR, exp. acct, 220 Parrott bldg.
HEALD'S Business College, 24 Post et.. S. F.;
founded 1863; new 80-page catalogue free. .
PROF. L. MERKI. successful teacher of violin,
mandolin and guitar. IOCS Mission st, nr. 6th.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc. ; day or eve. ; $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for $1.'
postage paid.
ELECTRO-THERAPEUTIC.
Electrlc-Chemlc medication cures faulty, nutri-
tion, nerve, blood & constitutional .diseases.
Drs. K. & K.'s Electric Sanitarium. 8 Mason.
EXPERT OPTICIAN.
IT IS DANGEROUS to wear glasses that have
been prescribed by an unqualified optician.
If your eyesight is failing, or if your eyes
trouble you in any way, give me a call. Ex-
amination free.
F. MAYERLE,
German expert optician and graduate of Chi-
cago Ophthalmic College. Note address, . 1022
Market st, San Francisco. ' .
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
JAPANESE and Chinese help of all kinds;
cooks, waiters and house 'servants. GEO.
AOKI & CO., 421 Post st. ; tel. Bush 135.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese employment of-
fice; all kinds help. 315 Stockton;" Main 51SS.
ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese, 'Chi-
nese help. 426 Powell, nr.Sutter; tel.Black'5072.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED—FEMALE.
A RELIABLE elderly Protestant woman
wishes position to do light housework in
small family; good, plain cook. 712 Natoma
St., upper fiat; no postals.
GIRL of 16 would like a nice place in a small
family or with lady as companion; wages, $10
to $12 a month. Box 3464, Call office.
A COMPETENT woman wishes situation In
city or country; is good cook and laundress.
476 Jessie et. " - . •
YOUNG girl 15 years of age "wants a place to
take care of child and assist in light work;
small wages. Call 411 Fifth st.
LADY wishes plain sewing and gents' mend-
Ing at home. 150 Fourth Et. ¦ - ¦ .
MOTHER and daughter would like a position,
cook and waitress; city or country; private
• family; references. Call at 1518 Eddy st.
FIRST-CLASS cook, German, wants position
in fine private family; best of references,
416'i Natoma St., near Fifth.- -
AN elderly American woman wants light work
in a nice family; permanent; small wages.
Box 3518, Call. -
A FIRST-CLASS German second girl desires a
situation in Oakland or Berkeley; best of ref-
erencts. Miss Cullen. 325 Sutter st.
FIRST-CLASS German cook desires situation;
best of references. Miss Cullen, 323 Sutter.
POSITION as housekeeper by Swedish lady.
Call at 933 Mission st., room 19. . .
A CABMSLE woman wishes position as house-
keeper; good cook; good references given.'
" Call at 1312 Golden Gate ave.~
FIRST-CLASS dressmaker, late of New York,
wishes engagements for $2 the day. Apply
MRS. N. WAHLQUIST, 509 Kearny st. .
RESPECTABLE woman wishes work by the
ds-\ Call 417 Harrison st.
"WINCHESTER House. Third St.. near Mar-
ket— 200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 per night; $1 50 to
$6 week; convenient and respectable; free 'bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st. . ' *¦-...-.¦¦ ;
EMPLOYMENT WANTED— MALE.
SITUATION wanted by sober. Industrious sin-
gle Swiss-German; understands care horses,'
rigs, milk, and Is handy around private place;
good references. Box 3467, Call office. • • .
WANTED— By a sober and sr?ady man, posi-
tion as varnisher, polisher or painter; city or
. country- -Box 3466, Call office..
YOUNG man desires a position in a private
family. C. P.,* 201 Montgomery ave. .-"• --¦
WANTED— Position by expert accountant;
must have work at once. Box 3465, Call. ¦-
WANTED — Posit'on as \ cake baker; references
flrst_class. Address box 3462, Call office.
BARTENDER, experienced, . references, wants
place, city or country. Address box 346S, Call.
GARDENER, first class, single, "of long experi-
ence in " landscape gardening, ' growing - of
flowers and greenhouse work wishes a situa-
tion on a private place.- Box 3523, Call. _-.
JANITOR wants- posit ion; 5 years' experience:
refM-ences; ¦ be- content with small salary.
Boxn 2400, Call -office. - .. . '...,./
LAUNDRYMAN wants job as helper and ; im-
prover in country ;. steam laundry; terms
reasonable. Box 3524, Call office. - ¦•"
WANTED — Situation in a grocery or crockery
store; 8 . years' experience ; good references.
Box, 2263, Call office.' Oakland. , . •;. ¦- .
SITUATION wanted by a good custom cutter;
city or country. Box 3521. Call. ¦_'.*•.; '¦". ..
A PRACTICAL miner, '¦ quartz ; or, gravel/; 20
years' experience," wants work as correspond-
ent .for prospective buyers; evenings after
6 o'clock. Address box '3550, Call »f flee. .;>
AN experienced salesman going to the Philip-
pine islands would like to represent-a-whole-
sale house or manufacturing companyj to in-"
troduce goods. there; best of- referencesxgiven.
. Please address A. GARBER, GoldenX West
Hotel. -Ellis st. KV;.."
SITUATION wanted by young man 26 years of
age; stationary, • portable or traction engines;
5 years' experience. " Call or address at : Win-
chester > Hotel, Third st..' room 324. I'
SITUATION I wanted In grocery or ' meat I mar-
ket or any -clerical, work : by .young man of
25. Box SC33. r Call •¦ :.''•'• 'u
JAPANESE, good- waiter, $5 a week; if, you
want, I will come; at once. FRANK. ,414
•",-' Stevenson ¦ st - - ..:-¦".:,.,- _ ¦• ' :_ ;¦ .\ ".:>,; ; i
A" JAPANESE . boy ¦ wants a situation as school-'
• boy; speaks English. ,-, FRANK. , 121 ; Halght'
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
Fubscriptions " has - been .' established at '¦': 10JS*
'^_J^Jj^£ATIIERS REN OV ATED.
FEATHER pillows and mattresses steamed,
renovated.. K. J. O'ROURKE, 1393 Valencia
¦ St.; phone Capp 2C52. ;¦ • ; .-
; i
- \ ' • "FLATS I TO LET.
• WELSH. SO.'- off 4th. bet. Bryant and Brannan —
-Oozy front and Tear flats, 4 and 3 rooms each;
.new, plumbing-, -painting and papering; rent3
.$9 and.$G 50." ; '• . .; ; , . ' ¦ .
• $lGr— SUNNY upj>er flat, 6 rooms and bath; mod-'
¦ em: 22C.A Thirtieth st. PATTERSON & CO.,
1.1 City Hall ave. — - - ., - . ¦.-. x
JC— FLAT, 4 rooms ; " range ; carpet ; yard ; wateA
free; fine view; no children. 21 Holly St., 50 ft.'
from- fission., opp. 33d and Mission.' • ' . ;
?25 — GRAND flat, 6 large sunny rooms; modern"
[ in every respect. 1127 Guerrero St., between.
23d. and 24th. . ¦ ¦ . ¦ ' - ' "
$27. 50— FLAT. 7 large sunny rooms; garden.
1809 Devisadero st., between Bush and Pine.
536A SIXTH— Upper flat, 5 rooms and bath; rent
. ?12; water free. .. li' l ; - '
APPLY Sutter, 2300— C sunny rooms; appreciated
if seen; $22 50; water free.; please Investigate.
41S HYDE St.— Lower part house; sunny; 4
rooms, bath; key on premises. ... .'¦¦¦;-¦',
$14— FINE sunny . flat of 5 ¦ large . rooms; bath
and gas. 3928 19th. bet. Noe and Sanchez. •
FLATS TO LfiT— FURNISHED.
FOR SALE— Elegantly -furnished 4-room flat;
bath; near Pleasanton; $350; part cash If de-
slred ; rent $22. ¦ 710 ¦ Jones st. • - "
FOR SALE— Newly furnished flat 4 rooms and
bath. 411 Ellis st.. near Jones. '
' FLATS WANTED.
WANTED, by family of 3 adults, 1 , carpeted or i
furnished flat of 6 or 7 rooms and bath, near
Park, or downtown; rent not over $35. Ad-!
dress box 001. Call office. ¦: .' - !
PURXITCRE FOR SALE.
WE will furnish your house on monthly pay-
men^ A. B. SMITH Furniture Co., 128
¦ and C2 Ellis Bt. ,¦.... . -
4 ROOMS furnished In oak, $48 50, with No. 7
range. King Furniture Co., 1127-1131 Market.
FOR sale— Furniture of 6 rooms; dealers need
not apply. E2fi Turk st. -
FURNITURE WANTED.
CAL. Auction Co., 1462 Market— Buys" furniture,
merchandise, etc.; phone Jessie 2071.
BEFORE 'disposing of your furniture see
Golden Gate Auction Co., 92S Howard st.
A. WOLLPERT, 773 Mission st., pays highest
price for second-hand furniture; tel. Red 1354. !
Auctioneer— L. Vincent, 1305 Larkln; tel.Polk694;
furniture & furn'd houses bought; spot cash, "i
CHAS. LEVY buys your furniture, carpets, i
pianos, etc. 1133 Market St.; tel. 761 Jessie.
HELP WANTED — FEMALE, : j
AT C. R. HANSEN &- CO 104 Geary st.
HOTEL DEPARTMENT ... ....
50 waitresses, fare paid $20, $25
For springs, resorts, commercial and city j
hotels. ¦ . j
Fancy ironer, summer resort ....$30 ;
.Laundress, summer resort, fare paid $30
Dishwasher, same place, fare paid. $23
• ....FAMILY DEPARTMENT
German or Scandinavian ranch cook, $25 and
fare paid; cook and second girl, $45; mother ;
'and daughter . for housework, small family,
$30; cooks, housegirls, ¦ second girls. $10, $25
C..R. HANSEN & CO... 104 Geary st. J
MORE' waitresses. Lake Tahoe, $20. and !fare ]
paid; call early; start to-night. C. R. HAN-
SEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
2 NURSES used to sanitarium work; short dis-
tance; $30; Bee party here 11 o'clock.
C. R. HANSEN & CO 104 Geary st.
CLEANER for baths and wait on customers; I
$25. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st. |
NURSEGIRL; nice place; $10; no office fee. !
C. R. HANSEN & CO..... 104 Geary st. j
MRS. M. E. DAY Phone Main 1575 !
» HOTEL DEPARTMENT
2 waitresses, Santa Cruz, free fare...— $20
2 waitresses, coast resort, free fare $20
, 2 waitresses, mountain resort, free fare both
\way3 .: ..$20
Waitress, Lake Co., free fare both wai r »..$20
18 waitresses, commercial and city hotels.... ;
•'¦ $20 and $25
3 chambermaids to wait $20
FAMILY DEPARTMENT
Choice, thoroughly reliable positions, best
wages In this department.
MRS. M. E. DAY 335 Geary st.
WANTED— Swedish cook,, no wash, $33; Ger- i
* man cook, no wash, $35; head waitress. $25: 7 :
chambermaids, wait 1 meal, $20, $25, city and
country: 10 waitresses, $20, $25. city and re-
sorts and springs; ;French chambermaid and
seamstress. $20; cookfor Stockton, $30; laun-
. dress, $20; fancy ironer, $30; secondwork, J20,
$25; a large- number of house girls, $20, $25.
J. F. CROSETT & CO., 316 Sutter st.
WAITRESS. Madera, $25, see lady here; 3 laun-
dresses, $30 to $35, city; chambermaid for
country hotel. $20: 2 waitresses, city hotel,
$20 each. . MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
A— HOTEL GAZETTE, 26 Montgomery, rm 12.
Chambermaid, country, $20; waitresses, $20.
WANTED— Experienced, first-class waitress,
•and parlor maid, with references, to go to
San Rafael. Call between 10 and 12 a. m.,
2100 Washington st., corner Octavla.
A GERMAN girl for light second work.' plain
ironing and help with' children; wages, $20.
1817 California st.
AN attractive girl-wanted to learn rifle shoot-
ing for the stage. Call at Shreve & Barber
Co., 511 Kearny st., from 9 a. m. to 4 p. m.
WANTED — Experienced crockery saleslady;
give reference and wages expected. Box 3461,
Call office. • •-¦'-...¦"•.
WANTED— Girl care for ' two small children
and assist with housework./' 469 Halght st.,
rear. . --.•- .
RELIABLE Protestant grlrl; general house-
work; treated as one of. the family. 222
Dolores st. ¦*%; .. . s -
WANTED— Experienced girl for bindery. MT-
SELL-ROLLINS CO., 22 Clay St.
GOOD girl wanted to learn bookbinding. MY-
¦ SELL-ROLLINS CO. , 22 Clay st.
A FIRST-CLASS lady solicitor; good terms.
Room 2, 628 Montgomery st. ; 10 to 12 a. m. •'
GIRL; general housework; must be good plain
Apply 1235 Pine St.. . ., • '
WANTED— Girls who understand book folding
or sewing. , THE HICKS-JUDD CO., 23 First.
WANTED— Bright, capable lady to travel and
appoint agents: must be in good health, un-
lncumbered and furnish flrst-class references;
salary, $100 per month and all expenses; po-
sition permanent; no experience necessary.
Sales department. • S00 Star bldg., Chicago.
OPERATORS wanted at Levl Strauss & Co.'s
- overall factory, 32',4 Fremont st. Apply to
MR. DAVIS. — -• ¦• •¦¦¦..-•¦-.
BUTTONHOLE operators to operate on Singer
machine at Levl Strauss & Co.'s overall fac-
tory. 32% Fremont st. Apply to MR. DAVIS.
WANTED— 100 girls to label and fill glass fruit
Jars. Apply Long Syrup Refining Co., Eighth
[ '. and Brar.nan sts.
WANTED— A woman for general housework;
• ;- 2 ¦ In f amily, in country. Call 741 O'Farreli
' St., bet t 12 and 4 p. m. . -, '
; WANTED— A neat, respectable girl to wait at
tableand do other light work. 306 Leaven-
; ;' : worth st. •
' WANTED — A German woman or girl for gen-
. ftral housework,- 3 in family; wages $20; must
. : bring reference. Apply 1621 DuDont st.V- -
j .WANTED— First-class oneratora . on . ladles"
. waiets; steady work: good pay. San Fran-
cigco Co. Mfg. Co.. 623 Market St.
', 2 LADY solicitors; good address; salary paid.'
Ladles' Home Journal, 59 Columbian building.
FIN'lSHERS on coats. BELASCO & HARRIS
; , CO.. 541 Market st. r : -- --. ¦
• EXPERIENCED 6hlrt and overall operators.
HEYNEMANN & CO.. 410^ Mission Bt, ,
: WANTED— A German girl . fcjr housework and
cooking. . S31 Fourth st. ..
¦ WORKING housekeeper. 1832 Market St.
YOUNG girl "for "cooking and general house-
; ' work; two in family; wages $15. 205 Taylor.
. MIDDLE-AGED woman - to do • general j house-
work; two;ln family.' 417 Powell. • ,¦
; WANTED— A ' woman for plain machine sew-
ing; permanejit place. Box 3530. Call of flee. .
) WANTED— Woman of ability, not under 25 for
• position of trust; wholesale.: Box 3551," Call.
WANTED— A girl to work in shooting gallery.
" Call at 523 Pacific St. . .
. EXPERIENCED operators, on gents" ¦ custom
.- Bhirta.l 525 Valencia st. . : , . ' , •• ;
: CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
'. recelvgd at Call. branch office. 220U Flllmore »t.
; A BRANCH office for ' Call advertisements, and
; :, subscriptions has. been established at<109G
; Valencia st ¦ - : ""¦*¦'¦'. ... : ' . - ' '
- , HELP . \V ANTED— MALE. '
'¦ SAN FRANCISCO : EMPLOYMENT^ OFFICE^
, ! .323 Kearny St., tel.- John 3261—50 R. R. labor-
! ers, Ukiah, and Santa' Barbara, 'free fare; 25
[ laborers, for sawmill; 10 tiemakers and wood-
choppers; 25 laborers for quarry near city, $2.
r A— HOTEL GAZETTE,. 26 Montgomery, r. ; 12.—
¦ •• . Bellboys, $10 and $20; extra waiters, $2 a day."
' JOURNEYMEN | Barbers' Union—
i* * Free • employment. 827 I Market st., • room ' 207.
' ' 1. 1 LESS. ; Secretary;, telephone Jessie 1178.-. -
:<^ilELP WANTED— MALE— Con.
MURRAY- & READyT63T-^6 Clay st. .
••-. ....PHONE MAIN -5S1S. ........
*•"••••¦ ..Olfiee Open 7 a. m.... ....!..
¦.......$1 oSice fee and no other expense.......
3000 laborers and teamsters for railroad work.
Air parts of California, Nevada, |
' ••-. .::.... Oregon and Washington
....We ship every hour of the day.........
25 teamsters and laborers. .Truckee.. Free fare
u0 teamsters .....Ukiah Free fare
25 laborers........ ...Ukiah.... .Free fare
We ship Morning andJNlght... Free
175 men; no experience required ...Free
S. P. R. R. Co.'s own'work, $1 75, $2 23..;...
. Santa Barbara .....'.
• Los Angeles- "..... .»...
. San Luis ObSspo ..:....
i Surf.... Truckee Shasta
y .....'...: .Free fare
. •••• .Miners and laborers..
5 hard rock miners, fare $2, $75;, 2 machine
miners, gold mine, $75 and founds fare paid;
fr- single hand miners, $42, and found; 4 quarry-
i men, $67 50; 10 laborers, n* experience re-
quired, i60 and found; 5 muckers, $75; 15 lab-
• orers, $34. and found; 5 men to pile wood for
_mine, $60* 10 laborers, ditch work, north. $75;
15 men to work in .quarry, $2" and $2 25; 17
laborers, Santa Clara County,. $30 and found;
4 laborers for factory work, $2 day; 135 men
for sawmill, wood' and yards, $26, J35, $45 and
?60 and found, fare paid; 15 drillers and pow-
dermen, $2 27; 1765 laborers for different posi-
tions too numerous to mention, $1 75 to $2 75
Fireman for sawmill company, see boss here;
tail edgerman, sawmill, see boss here.
"Ranch carpenter........ ....... ..$40 and- found
Plumber for ranch........ .$40 and found
Blacksmith, shop mining town, see boss here,
$3 50; blacksmith, shop Mendocino County, $50
.and found; ranch blacksmith; 5 blacksmith
helpers; machinists, pipe fitters, boilermak-
ers, molders, holder in boiler shop,, helpers
and laborers, tail edgerman, wagon maker
and woodworker, $3 day..
... • Farms, Dairies, Etc
Harvest Hay fields
6 farmers, 2-horse plow teams, fare 50c, $30
and found; S6 /hands for orchards, vineyards
and other ranches: 1S4 hay and harvest hands,
run -mowers, rakes, header wagon, etc
•-•••••'-¦• $175, $2, $2 50 and found day
57 milkers, different dairies, $30 to $45 and
found; 51 choremen and choreboys for private
places and ranches, $15, $20, $25 and $30 and
S found; farmer and wife, $50 and found; man
and wife, harvest outfit, $50 and found
| Teamster for mine, 2 and 4 horses, $40 and
found; young man to drive .shipping- wagon,
city
Hotel Department— Bakeries, Etc.'.'.'.'.'"
, Cook, hotel, mining town, 35 men $50
Cock, mining camp, 10 men... ...$30 and fonud
V Cook, restaurant, 25c fare _$i0 and found
camp near city...... $45 and found
Cook for hospital of large company, country
. $40 and found
2d cook, mine, $35 and found: cook's 'helper,
$30 and. found; 27 cooks for different places.
. Baker, shop mining town $40 and found
Baker, fare $1 $60 and found
waiter, commercial hot^l, north i30
Waiter, good place,- south $30
15 other waiters ; 45 dishwashers, kitchen
hands, etc.; dishwasher, ranch, $25 and
found; dishwasher, mine, $30; camp cook; 4
ranch, cooks; harvest. .cook; ranch cook see
boss here at 10:30 a. m. MURRAY & READY.
6S4-636 Clay st.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.' SI 194 Geary St.
..Wanted— 1000 Men for New Railroad Work..
Teamsters, laborers, choppers, drillers, muck-
ers and tunnelmen for
• Ukiah
• •• Truckee ,
••-• Coast Road .-
Chatsworth Park (Big Tunnel)
' ••• VVages from $1 75 to $2 50 a day
Free Fare Ship Daily Free Fare
5 150 laborers for ditch and levee work and to
handle cord wood, company work, $2 to $2 25
a day; 50 haymakers, farmers, milkers and
choremen. $35. $30. $25 and $20; 6 asphalt
miners and laborers, $2 a day and board;
edgerman. $50; screw turner, $45; 10 lumber
pliers, $35, for country sawmill; 20 laborers,
near city, $2 a day; gardener, country hotel,
$30 ••»•¦•¦.•¦•...»¦. .................. '. . .. m ' ' '
HOTEL DEPARTMENT A
Fry cook, $65; waffleman. $40; pantryman, $30;
2 omnibuses. $25, for first-class country hotel,
fare paid, see boss here; 10 second cooks, fry-
ers and broilers for city, resorts and springs
$50 to $60; 4 cooks, country hotels $40 and $45;
ranch cooks. $20 and $25; 10 dishwasbors and
kitchen hands, $30, $25 and $20....
Shampooer, springs, $33; man and wife, both
shampooers, springs, $75; 3 bell boys, $25 and
$15 ......r
C. R. HANSEN & CO 104 Geary st.
3 NEAT young men to carry off dishes, hotel
j dining-room, country. $25 and fare paid, see
party here. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104
I ¦ Geary st. i
i
I A— WANTED— For a large mining and smelting
I company, north, furnacemen. feeaers, help-.
j ers. pot pullers, carpenters, machinists, black-
smiths and laborers, standard wages, see par-
ty here. C. R. -HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary.
AT THE CAL. EMPLOYMENT 'AGENCY,,
59 Third St., near Call bldg. Phone Bush 4C3.
100 railroad laborers. S. P. Co.'s own work.
¦- L. A. and Santa Barbara div....$l 75, J2- 50
100 men for Ukiah, new read
SO railroad teamsters." Ukiah.. •. $2 per day
FREE FARE ....:.......
¦ Office fee for above : $t
10- tunnel men $1 per day
R0 rock drillers $2 50 per day
100 laborers $2 25 per day
10 harvest hands : .....$2 per clay
5 teamsters,, city, board at home $2 per day
6 laborers $1 40 per day and board
Swiss or German eheesemaker, $45 per month
and found. Including washing; steady work
year round; wages raised from time to time.
COOK, country hotel, $50; second cook, $30, and
dishwasher. $20. country: restaurant cooks, $10
'week: dishwashers, country boarding-house,
$20; hotel second cook, country, $50; 3 more
.colored boys for' steamer, $20 and found, and
others. .J. F. CROSETT & CO., 628 Sacra-
mento st.
COACHMAN, $35; 2 grooms, $25 and $30; 2 sta-
blemen, $30; choreman for ranch, $30; 2 chore-
men, private places, $20 and $25; 2 men and
wives, small places, $35; farmers, $1 25 day
and $30; 4 milkers, $30 and $35; milker and
• choreman. Santa Barbara Co., $30; sheep
herder, $25, and others. J. F. CROSETT &
CO.. 628 Sacramento at. ' v
WANTED for U. S. Army— Able-bodied un-
married men between ages of -21 "and 35; citl-
. zens of. United States, of good .character and
temperate habits, who can speak, read and
write English. For Information apply to Re-
cruiting Officer, 121 New Montgomery st.,
San Francisco. Cal.
-WANTED— Recruits for the marine corps. U.
S.-Navy; able-bodied, unmarried men of good
. character, between the ages of 21 and 35; not
less than 5 feet 4 Inches and not over 6 feet 1
inch,- able to read and speak ! English. For
further information apply to the Recruiting
Office. 40 Ellis st.. San Francisco.
TVANTEp — Men for steady employment; salary
$50; cash security of $5 required; city worki
call at 836 O'Farrell st., after 9 a. m. WM.
H. MATLOCK.
"CARPENTERS — Non-union; no office fees.
MECHANICS'" REGISTRATION BUREAU,"
r 410 Kearny. St., room 21. . •
WANTED— Steady young man to assist gener-
- ally in light indoor work; $15 per week" to
. start; must have $7S cash. 25 Geary, r. 1.
WANTED— Boy about 16 to. work in bazaar;
must give first-class references and reside
. with parents. Call at 220O Fillmore st.
GOOD* cook for small resort in country: good
home for right party; would take man and
wife; wife to make herself useful. IS East st,
STRONG boy 17 or 18 to drive a horse. $5 per
week to begin with. 1042 Golden Gate ave.,
before 8 a. m. -
BARBER for Saturday; wages. 103 Tenth st.
WANTED— Barber for Saturday. 701A Mission
-..street.-
BARBER wanted for steady work. $12 guar-
anteed. FRITZ. 1128 J st.. Sacramento, Cal.
BARBERS' wanted for 10c shops; no students
apply. Labor Secretary," 131 Third st.
BARBER— Young man with two years' experi-
ence; good shaver. Box 3463, Call office, i ,
¦PRINTING press feeders wanted. 306 Callfor-
. nla st. V - -- ': • _
GOOD boy wanted to learn bookbinding 1 . MY-
, SELL-ROLLINS CO., 22 Clay St.-
WANTED— Strong boy to w.ork in cake ba-
¦ kery; experience. 911 Larkin St.. -
WANTED— Second cook at $10 Kearny gt
BOOTBLACK with outfit wanted; no rent. SE.
cor. Clay and Davis sts.
BOOTBLACK wanted at 143 Larkin st
JW ANTED— An elderly man \ for general work
in a restaurant. -29 Stockton st.
WANTED— Middle aged man for general work
- around hotel. Call University ave. and Third
\ ' St., West Berkeley. • ', ¦ ' ¦¦¦
. __ i
YOUNG man to go on the road ; $150 mo. ; $C00
required. 9CS Market -St., -room 8. •-.'
WANTED— Man of good address to do clerical
work. : Apply Notary Public, 630 Market st.
PENSION AGENT EDWARD A. BULLIS.
.Past Commander Geo. H. = Thomas Post No'. 2.
. G. A.^K.r room 40. Phelan' bldg.. 80G Market.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting ; 25c
i to 50c. 562 Mission st:. bet. 1st: and 2d sts.
SAILORS, ordinary, for ' ships for all parts of
the world. HERMAN'S, 26 Steuart St.
BARBER shoo. for sale. 434 Pacific st. -- '
FOR sale — Two-chair . barber shop. - 122V4 East
street. -. :V • . ..-¦"¦" '. - > ¦ '
McDONALD & PERRY have 500 pairs second-
hand shoes for gale: 60c. 241 Third Bt.
ALL "sizes men's shoes, : slightly 'damaged," half
v -price. : 663 Mission et.. bet. 1st and 2d sts. ;
, WANTED— 600 mem to buy newjand 2nd-hand
army shoes, $1 up; soling 20c up/ 923 Howard.
AT cash prices for $lper week,' men's suits to
, order. NEUHAUS & CO.. 116 Kearny St.".-,'
HELP MAjLE-—Con L __
1000 MEN wanted— Teamsters, rock drillers,
- tunnel, brush and shovel men to J**r< " n
ditch arid pipe line being constructed for the
Sweepstake Minlnc Co. near Wtavcryllie.
Trinity Co., Cal.; apply on work: steady
work, good board and best wages In State.
San Francisco Construction Co.. 26 Mont-
gomery St.. room 25. San Francisco. Cal.
WANTED— Men to learn, barber trade;, $60
monthly paid our graduates: two months
completes; more calls for our barbers than
we can- supply; tools presented; -wages Sat-
urdays; diplomas granted; busy season a° w >
call or write for our special offer to-day.
MOLER BARBER COLLEGE. 635 Clay st.
"WANTED— At Master Bakers' Protective As-
sociation, foreman, second and third bread
bakers; alsa confectioners; tood pay; perma-
nent positions. 127 Mason st. . '
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third st. : 130 large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
PENSIONS— J. H. SHEPARD & CO., attys..
Hearst bldg.. Third and Market, room 31S.
MEN to learn barber trade; catalogue mailed
free. S. F. Barber School. 741A Howard st.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket— 700 rooms. 25c night; reading-rooms; free
'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
r-CPlved at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore.
HORSES AND WAGO5S.
WANTED— 300 saddle- broke geldings, a to 8
years old- 13 hands 1 inch to 16 hands, solid
. colors. Address A. F. ROOKER or JOHN J.
DOYLE. 327 Sixth St. ¦
FOR sale-^At a bargain, stylish and well-
matched team and new rubber tired rockaway
and harness complete. Apply room 451, Par-
rott building. ¦ -'
40 HORSES for pale; ~a*lso wagons, buggies,
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market,
327 Sixth st; auction Bales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers. '
NEW $300 rubber-tire surrey. $140; handsome
double harness; sound, gentle young thorough-
bred, broken to saddle and harness; good busi-
ness buggy; all $300; will sell part. 125 Geary.
$65— A NO. 1 buggy and harness; nearly new.
130 Second .ave., near California st.
FOR sale— Camping wagon, light team and
harness. 1202 Mission et.. room 2.
40 HEAD of work and driving horses; 2 fast
pacers. 721 Howard Bt.
ALL kinds of wagon, buggies, carts, harness,
etc., cheap. EG AN & SON. 2117 Mission st.
AN A No. 1 express wngon. single: also light
camping wagon, for sale cheap. 532 Mission.
HORSES WASTED.
HORSES wanted to work on scraper Job; four
or five months* work. Apply at 26 Montgom-
ery st.. room 25.
HOUSES TO LET.
"A — PRINTED list house* to let: send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
$3— HOUSE of 3 rooms; larre yard and base-
ment; 17S Hickory ave., near Gcugh st. Ap-
ply to UMBSEN & CO.
NEWLY furnished house; reasonable; by day,
week or month. 417 Powell.
$45—8 ROOMS: large finished basement; largj
yard. 1615 Bush St.. near Franklin. . '
INSTANTANEOUS WATER HEATER.
HOT bath In ten minutes at cost of 2%c; saves
fire in range; you light your flame and by the
time you are disrobed your bath is ready; no
danger from explosion;- sold on installments;
call and see it in operation. RIBBON
WATER-HEATING CO.. Exam, bldg.. r. 607.
LOST A.\D FOUND.
u -u-,.-j-u-u-,.r,.ru-,r- \ jj^.r ,-,.r- -* ,-, - ¦
LOST— A pass-book 'with {he Hlbernla Savings
' and Loan Society of San Francisco, in the
name of CHARLES L. JENKINS; No. 127-
673. The finder will please return to bank.
LOST— Irish setter about .6 months old. Re-
turn to 712 .Shotwell St.; reward.
LOST — A pass-book with the Hibernla Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco, in the
name of JAMES F. KENNEDY. No. 144-710.
The finder will please return to bank. |
Wanted— Old gold for manufacturing. O. Nolte.
jeweler. 248 O'Farrell. bet. Powell and Mason.
3IATHDIOMAL.
GENTL^EMEN^wishing to marry wealthy ladles
send 10c for latest list. MRS. HERTZ, 706 Ellis
MATTRESSES 'AND . PILLOWS.
TO order, also cleaned and sterilized, ¦ uphol-
stery; Al carpet cleaning; honest work guar-
anteed. HOPKE BROS., 411 to 415 Powell at.:
tei. Bush 421. ,.....-
- MEDICAL.
A— RENOWNED specialist: those who desire to
obtain results promptly; I treat ladies only;
my regulator has no equal; all classes of fe-
male complaints relieved by • treatment su-
perior to all others; the only treatment that
helps the unfortunate; the most obstinate
cases are -immediately relieved without pain;
no other treatment will do this; the most dif-
ficult cases treated f scientific methods guar-
anteed. DR. G. W. O'DONNELL, 101S Market.
HINDOHERB home treatment; the most won-
derful, simple, sure remedies every known for
indigestion, tapeworm, neuralgia, leucorrhea.
gonorkea and all troubles of male and female
sexual organs; treat yourself; be your own
doctor; 4 months' suppository treatment, t-1:
maternity home; bust developer; send stamp
for circulars. 1126 Market St., S. F., Cal.
A TREATMENT that is guaranteed to give in-
stant relief for all female complaints; the
longest and most obstinate cases immediately
relieved without pain: travelers helped; no
delay; consult free. MRS. DR. KOHL. 1123
Market, bet. Mason and Taylor, opp. Hale's.
DR. AND MRS. DAVIES, 1223 Market, ladies'
specialists; 32 years' practice: all cases treat-
ed by our wonderful herb remedy; a reliable
treatment, superior to any other; positive cure
guaranteed at office; patients treated can re-
turn same day; harmless; consultation free.
DR. and MRS. GOODWIN. 1005 Market, bet.
6th & 7th— Expert specialists; well known and
reliable; 25 yrs experience; treatment guarant'd
to give instant relief from all female troubles;
avoid incompetent specialists; consult free.
A POSITIVE cure guaranteed In all female
complaints or money returned; my .regulator
never fails; the most obstinate cases relieved
without pain; beat cure; fee low; consult free
MBS. DR. ALLEN, 1113 Market, nr. Mason.
MRS. DR. WYETH, reliable specialist; 26 yrs.'
successful practice; guaranteed treatment at
. office; any ailment; home before and during
confinement. 942 Post. bet. Hyde and Larkin.
T. DUFFY'S solution guaranteed to cure all
skin diseases. NW cor. G. G. ave. & Fillmore.
MIXES. AtVD MINING.
DIVIDEND paying' mining stocks aT3cT6o"and
10c per share: send for prospectus. Pacific
States Mining and Investment Co.. 326 Post st.
MISCELLANEOUS — FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont at
BARS, back bars, mirrors, restaurant and po-
ker tables, barroom chairs, llnoleam. new and
second hand; we always have a large stock of
saloon outfits on hand; 32 complete outfits on
one floor, ready made: we can ship everythine
in 24 hours. J. NOONAN, 1017, 1019, 1021 10^3
Mission st.. above Sixth; write for catalogue.
A— NEW 20 h. p. Herculet gasoline mine hoist
with engine combined. California Hydraulic
Engineering and Supply Co.. 17-19 Fremont st.
A— BUYS, sells or rents gear, machinery tn.
pines, boilers, water pipes, shaftings nuilpv*
etc. WHITELAW. 216 Spear st. ' J '
FOR sale— 1 flagpole, almost now. 90 feet lone-
1 100,000 feet of plank; 15,000 feet 1x8 fencing
At foot of Broadway. "V,"*-
A— $3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 75 p O n«
lar Price Hatters. 330 Kearny st.. near^lne.
FINE suits. $10; dress pants. J2 75. misftt
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery it.
2D-HAND machinery all kinds bought sold
rented, exchanged. H. S. White. 616 Mission!
SAFES— New and second hand; all sizes thc
. WALTZ SAFE, 109-111 Marfeet it.. San Fran!
$G4 MAGIC, lantern and moving picture ma
chine $37 50. 103 -Montgomery ft.
ONE 4-horsepower Covey engine- one "XC
horsepower Hercules; bargain.^ 3J0 Kearny]
SAFES— New and second hand. .THE HER
MAN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st?
G A?'ll-F nd iM 3 « e "i : » econ d-hand machinery.
J. BLKKE, 139 Beale st.
FAIRBANKS' 10-ton har scale: Jeweler's steel
lined safe, perfect. order. 216 California st.
GASOLINE engines. 2d-hand. and other ma-
chinery bought and sold. Epstein. 533 Mlss^n.
Gasoline or distillate engines, new & 2d hand
all sizes; guaranteed. NEWELL. S6 Bluxome!
F^5S T ' C t AS^. Be cond-hand modern engines and
boilers bought and sold. KROGH MFG. CO
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d-hand moving pic-
tures. BULLARD & BRECK. 131 Post st
WE pay big prices for sealskins. Portland
Loan Office, gj Stockton at. .
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.,,
WANTEDrFrom 3 to 10 h. p. D C 220-v
3520° r Can 9tate mak '' 8P ** 4 and prl< : e - Bo3 «
A. KLEIN still pays the best price for clothing
brlc-ja-brac, etc. v - 103 6th;, phone Folabm .1034!
1 * want3 J 2nd-hand clothing, especially
«kirts, «treet dresses. 154 9th; tel. Folsom 232i.
JIO\BT TO LOAA.
A^MONEY to loan at rates which people can
afford to pay on furniture, pianos, etc.; do
not borrow of your friends or you will los« .
their friendship; do business with strangers
and you will be better satisfied; no delay; no
publicity. Rooms 9 and 10, 806 Market st.
IF YOUR PROPERTY
IS MORTGAGED
and ysu* need more money, see. H. MURPHY,
6C0 Market st Leans on estates in probate,
undivided Interests in estates, second mort-
gages, etc. " ••**_-': .
ANY proposition, any amount; 6 per cent: flrst.
second mortgages, estates In probate, interest
iu estates, legacies, corporation loans, chattel
mortgages and securities.' Room 16. 1st floor.
Chronicle building. HALLORAN & OLSEN.
ANY amount at 6%: first, 2d and 3d mortgages,
undivided interest, real estate in probate;
mortgages and legacies bought: no delay; get
my terms before doing business elsewhere. R.
McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery »t.. room 3.
HIGHLY respectable, private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds, jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store, 946 Market
at.; tel. Main 1644. Branch 19 Third st.
MOST reliable place to borrow on diamonds,
watches Jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL. 10 Sixth;
highest price for old gold, silver, diamonds.
LOWEST rates on furniture, etc., by private
party; no removal; no commission; confiden-
tial. -Room 3; Conservatory bldg.. 301 Jones.
ON furniture, pianos; no removal; money
quick; lowest Interest; easy terms; no broker-
age; reliable party. 1170 Market gt. room 63.
DEAL direct; furniture, pianos; no removal;
low rate;strictly private. Uck.116 McAllister.
ONE per cent on furniture; $o a month on each
$1000; any security. 302 Montgomery St.. r L
3% on furniture and pianos; $15 up: no removal:
no commission; private. Room 81. 6 Eddy st.
ON salaries or wages; no lndorser required. 8.
F. DISCOUNT AGENCY. 143 Phelan building.
MONEY loaned salaried people without security.
HILL, rm. 44. Merchants' Ex.. 431 California,
LOANS money on salary; no lndorser; Eastern
plan. Western Loan Co., 309 Phelan bldg.
$10C.C0O TO loan on real estate or for bulldlnjj
low rate. 222 Sanaome St.. room, 2.
THE Tousley Company; v loans and discounts.
321 Parrott building. .
CASH loaned to salaried people on note without
lndorser. MORRELL. 609 Examiner building.
MUSICAL IXSTRUMEXTS.
WILEY B. ALLEN CO High Grade Pianos
Steck Everatt, Ludwig. Packard. Hardman.
Conover. — Harrington. Straube. Klngsbury.
Jewett. Smith & Barnes. We control the sal*
of the abgy.e makes of pianos for th« entlr»
Pacific Coast. We are a new concern here
. and will turn the country upside down if
necessary In order to get business, and lots oj
See us or write to us. Prices low. Terms
THE WILEY B. ALLEN. CO.. 933 Market
st.. San Francisco.
Branch 951 Broadway. Oakland.
TO close out a line of styles we will sell yoa
a fine new upright for $230; regular price
$375; you can pay by the month If desired:
we fcave the most complete facilities for re-
pairing your old piano: can make It as good;
as new if you are willing, and It won't cost
you more than it's worth: let us maks you
an estimate; we are agenta for the Decker *
Son. which is the original old and only
Decker piano. The ZENO MAUVAIS MUSIC
CO.. 7E9 Market st.^
ALL pianos purchased of SHERMAN. CLAY
& CO. may be exchanged for a new Steinwajr
upright or baby grand piano any time within.
3 years from date of purchase, and hav« full
price allowed. New upright pianos. $6 per
month; some good pianos sold for $3. $4 and
$3 per month. SHERMAN. CLAY & CO..
Steinway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
Bts.. San Francisco: corner Broadway and
. Thirteenth ' si, Oakland. ¦
REMOVAL of KEEFFE'S piano store from
Market st. to our large and eleganf quarters.
314 Post st.. opposite Union square. Are now
prepared to offer several new makes and all
of our old stock at greatly reduced prices.
JAS. KEEFFE. 314 Post St.. between Stock-
ton and Powell.
ANY piano sold by us taken back any t!m«
within 3 years and full purchase price al-
lowed on a new peerless Knabe at regular
price; costs you only 20c a day to buy a
piano from us. KOHLER & CHASE. 30
O'Farrell St.: established 1S50.
A LIST of fine second-hand bargains — 1 Emer-
son. 1 Hallet & Davis. 1 Conover. 1 Curtaz. t
Sterling. $75. $123, $143. etc.; easy payments.
BENJ. CURTAZ & SON. IS O'Farrell St..
Chickeriny, Vose, Sterling Agency; also
Apollo, king of self-playera.
ALL makes: greatf 'bargain: $C0 up; rents $3
up allowed; we want agents; pianos furnlshM
fr«»e: you get /first money when you sell.
HEINE PIANO .CO.. 217 Geary st.
IF you wish first-cless repair work done Mil
and Inspect our factory. BYRON MAUZY.
303 Post St.
! BARGAINS— Haines, S290; Kramer. $135: Neu-
mann $140: Cable. $173. W. C. HAMILTON.
8 Flood building.
ELEGANT standard upright piano: little used;
: party leaving city; sacrifice. 782 Ellis st.
WANTED— Steinway upright; rood cash pries
for good piano'; no dealers. Box 3319, Call.
¦ GOOD second-hand upright for sale cheap.
SCHMITZ, IS McAllister st.
LEFT on sale. Chickering upright like new,
$1S5. Room 33, 217 Geary st. '
A SPLENDID Steinway: uprights $100; pianos
rented $2 upward. BRUENN. 208 Post at.
$S0— FINE cprlsrht: baby grand Steinway: other
makes. FAY'S Piano Factory. 1729 Mission.
A LARGE lot of second-hand upright pianos
for sale cheap. HORNUNG'S. 216 McAllister.
LUDWIG pianos the 'most popular. WILEY B.
ALLEN CO.. general agents. 933 Market at.
$3 PER month rents a beautiful piano. SCOTT-
CURTAZ PIANO CO.. 560»Hayeg st.
$117— MAHOGANY rasa Fischer upright. 217
Geary/ st.. room 33.
A FINE upright piano for sala cheap. 837 Mc-
Alllster gt. -
AT WILSON'S STORAGE. 1708 Market st., you
can get storage pianos almost for a song.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MTTLLTTTt. rrnkor. rwnii^. 2 Latham pla<v».
OFFICES AXD STORES TO LET.
GEARY, 295, cor. Powell— A nice sunny suite of
rooms suitable for physician or dentist; rea-
sonable.
STORE and 5 living rooms: sunny, modern.
3SC8 Seventeenth st.. near Sanchez.
FINE glass-front store. 4 rooms and large yard:
best of condition: rent $26. 442 Sixth st.
¦ OIL.
CALISTOGA Oil and Development Company,
operating on 2120 acres- nf oil land in nlas
districts. Office. 23 and 24 Merchants' Ex.
COSTA RICA— Last chance at 10c; big advanc*
In a few days. Pacific States Mining and
Investment Co.. 826 Post. Open evenings.
OIL tanks, second hand, tn good order: all
gizea: cheap. H. S. WHITE. S16 Mission »t
;;- OIL LANDS.
OFFER wanted for 20 acres patented land: »ec
13-29-28. Kern Co. J. S. MYERS. 1002 Broad-
wwy. Oakland.
PAINTERS ATP DECORATORS.
PAPER-HANGING^- house painting: good reli-
able work. Clark's. SOS Lnrkln: tPl.LnrWn T*?
PERSONALS.
CALIFORNIA AERIAL NAVIGATION CO.,
successors to Stanley Aerial Navigation Co.,
is now building its great ship of the air at
- its shipyard, corner of Fell and Baker sts. :
a limited number of shares for a limited tlm«
Is now being offered to the public at $2 per
share- at Its office, 3C6 Pine St., -room 3; call
for particulars.
A — IF ycur hair Is falling or you are bald, call
on DR. G. S. MOORE. 4S3 Geary st.. and you
will not be disappointed: this remedy is posi-
tively guaranteed; preparation sent to all
„ parts of the world; call or send for circular.
ELECTRIC light In every room— Winchester
Hotel, 44 Third St.. near Market: 700 rooms:
25c to $1 50 per night; $1 50 to $6 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
$1 WEEKLY— Suits to criler from genuine
Scotch. $13 up; fine dress suits, $20 up: ele-
*rant overcoats. $1.> up. LEON L15MOS HIT
Market St.. between Seventh and Eighth.
WHITE enamel iron b?ds. single, three-minrter
or double. $2 23. EASTERN OUTFITTING
CO.. 131C-1312 ¦ Stockton st.. near Broadway^
ALFREDUMS Egyptian Henna: restores jtra»
hair to Its natural color; $1; at all druggls»
POISON rak cured In one application cr no pajt
satisfaction guaranteed. v»9 Hayes st.
SUPERFLUOITS hair and moles destroyed -with
electric needle. MISS EATON, 1119 Sutter st.
Ladles' and gents' cast-off clothing besught and
sold. J. Sllverman. 984 Fol3om:tel.Fol3om Utt
TAILOR made suits, $7 50; dress pants. $2 • J >-
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
Dr. Harriet Welch, 2113 Bush; hours 2 to 3. e*-
cept Th. and Sat.; electrolysis; 17 years' exper.
OLD gold, silver. (iiamonSs and precious* Btor.es
bought. J. R. JENKEL. 817 Market St.
MASQUERADH . costumes. i>lay books, wlars;
country ordars. GOLDSTEIN &\CO.. 733 Mkt.
DR, LAMOTTE'S French Cora- Paint, tfe* ¦«¦*
corn cure; 25c; all drugglata.Thomas M. Anthony to Andrew Christensen
lot on SW corner of Castro and Fourth streets'
S 82 by W 70, block 25. Kellersberger-s map
Oakland; $10. . : ,. -
Andrew and Lena Christensen to Pacific
States Savings, , Loan and^Bulldlng Company
same: $40C0. < ¦ ", • - •-
¦' D. ,.W. Lorlng and C. F. Rllllet (trustees of
Milo J. and Mary A. Olmstead) to Continental
Building and Loan Association, 726 D. 464 lot
on SW line of Rose avenue. 480 8E of Pied
mont. SE 30 by SW 100. being the NW 80 feet
of lot 12, .map of Keller's Rose Park, Oakland;
¦ George L. and Minnie L. . Colgate to W. R
Thomas, lot on SW corner of Fourteenth and
Peralta streets, W 100 by S 40, block 7I6A.
official map, Oakland: $7500. ¦ *™T
A. H. Duncombe (single) to Clara. E. '. Robin
son ¦ (wife ¦ of J. M.), - all Interest in - lot 7
block 3 map : of ; East . Oakland Heights, East
Oakland; $5w. . -» -' ¦- -., <• .-
Mary K.Commlns to W. Czolkowskl. lot on
SW, line of East Seventeenth street, 200 sej of
Estate of Amelia V. R. Plxley (by J. F. D
Curtis and Union Trust Company executors)
to Michael Carroll, lot on S line of Filbert
street. 200 W of Fillmore, W 25 by S 137-8- S875
Sophie Kuschel to Kdward H. AlceltinWer all
interest In lot on N line of Ellis street 71 B
of Pierce. E 34 by N 137:6; also all interest in
estate of Anna M. A|geltinger, deceased and
Charles Algeltinger, deceased; $10.
Ell so or Eliza -Chris tmun (wife of H ) to
same, all Interest in same; $10.
Charles Aigeltlnger to same, all Interest In
tame; $10. . , ,
George Algeltinger to same, all interest In
same; 310.
Henry B. and Kate Shaw to George Kaston.
W kWn 137.™$.° " tr ' et - U<> t ° { B * ker> -
Qeorge and Hattle J. Easton to Frank A.
Nance, same; $8000. - •-
Henry P. and Theresa Conrady to Margaret
Kelly, lot on W line of Baker street 125 N of
Page. N 25, W 100. S 12:6. W 8, S li:6 B 103
110,500.
Hlbernia Savings and Loan Society to Eureka
Ltundry Company (a corporation), lot on SW
line ot Tenth strtet, 150 BE of Folsom. SE BO
SW 90, SE 50, SW 100, NW 100, NE 190 : S8935
City and County of San Francisco to Hattio
Murasky (wife of James), lot on S line of
Seventeenth street, 275 W of Sanchez, W 25 by
B 114; $¦ >
Elizabeth Blackwood, Joanna M. Wright.
John E. and Nelly C. Mason, Wilson Estate
Company and San Francisco and- Fresno Land
Company to Joseph B. Coryell. lot on W line of
Kansas street, 150 N of Alameda, N CO by W
200; $5500. ' ¦
Joseph B. and Mabel L. Coryell to Standard
Electric Company, same; $4(00.
John and Sarah N. 8hepherd to John Ryan
W25%y S n i e 0Oj'$5OO e . rra 8treeV7S W ot Geor » la -
Virginia C. Hardln to Mary E. McClaln (wlf#
of James D.), lot on E line of Nineteenth ave
nue, 125 N of I street, N 25 by E 120; $1000
Henry Sylvester Jr., Minnie L. Llllte. Emlll*
Strouse (as executrix estate Mark Strouse and
Emllle Strouse, by II. M. Covert, commissioner)
to William Crane Spencer, .lot on W line of
Fourteenth avenue, 231:2 S of I street,' S 113-10
W 127:6. N 102, NE 12S; also lot on S line of
H street. 82:6 E of Seventeenth avenue. E 25
by S 100; also lot on W line of Sixteenth ave
nue, 150 S of H street, S 15 by W 120; $1800. »
John Gardner to Robert Lunn, lot on W Hire
of Nebraska street, 100 N of Augusta. N SO by
W 100. Sliver Terrace Homestead: $500. .
Christen Lars*n to John H. Bohlle lot 3
block R. Park Lane Tract Map S; $500
Amalle Schreiber to J. W. McCarthy, lots 5
and 6. block 22. Excelsior Homestead: $1500.
Eliza C. Herbert (estate of Joseph M M
Comerford. by Eliza C. Herbert, executrix) to
Anne M. Jensen, lot on NB line of Cortland
avenue, 100 NW. of California avenue. NW 25
by.NE 105; $600. '
Alameda' County.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
¦ A. V. Clark (owner) with CahllVA Hall Ele
vator Company (contractors), architect Thomas
J. Welsh— >One ; freight elevator .- for four-story
brick ' building " on ¦ S line of Mission, street
106:10 iW' of .New 'Montgomery, g 80 by W 25;
- Eliza Eckel (owner) with S. A. Born (con
tractor) ¦ and architect,— All work ' for_ a two
story . and basement frame building on S line
of Clay, street. 135:4 Wot Cherry, W, 25 by S
127:8%; total, $4180. , ¦¦ . •
Clara A. - Graham . (owner) with A. C. Soule
(contractor), architect Ev.J. *Vogel — All - work
except | mantels, shades | and - chandeliers for a
two-etory and basement frame building on lot
commencing at a point 220:2% from SW corner
of Capp and Sixteenth • streets, • thence 3 along
Capp street 24:9% by W 105; total, $4490. -."
B. Sheideman • (owner) with • William Schafer
(contractor), architect M. . J. Lyon— Painting,
burning and varnishing for twelve houses from
816 to 838 O'Farrell street, on N line of O'Far
rell street, running E from Polk;. total. 1 $1745.:
Same owner with Oalllck & Wetherbee (con
tractors), architect same— Gasflttlng. sewering
and plumbing for same on same; total, $1273.
The McCarthy ; Company (owners) with . W.
Sorensen. j (contractor), architect CM. Cook
All work. for a one and a half story and base
ment frame cottage on E line of Steiner street
100 S of Union. S 25 by E 118:9, Western Addi
tion lot 345; total, $1926.- \. . . . .
Georgle.E.'-Mayhew (widow) with Prince H.
White (contractor), architect T. Paterson Rosa
—Concrete, brick, excavation and carpenter
work, tinning, glass, painting and plastering
for a three-story and basement frame building
(flats) on S line of Post street, 180:5 E of La
guna, E 25 by S 120; total, $7700.
Builders' Contracts.
Johanna, Rudolph F., Julius A.. Ettle, ¦ Fred
erick Q. and Calar E. Crist to Frank W. Bil
ger, all interest in 4 1-5 acres, beginning 'at a
point wh»re the continuation of the line through
the center of Eighteenth avenue intersects the
S line of lands of Southern Pacific Railroad.
thence E to the point where the K line of Nine
teenth avenue Intersects said line, thence S 500
to line of deep water as laid down in Govern
ment survey f thence W to the point where said
d«rp water line Is Intersected by continuation of
a line running through the center of Eighteenth
avenue, thence N 400 feet to beginning. East
Oakland; also lots 1 to 4, block S3, San Anto
nio. East Oakland; $4000.
M. L. Wurts to A. W. Carle, all interest in.
lot on H line of Tompkins or Oregon street, 200
K of Dwindle or Magee, E 40 by S 13S, block
8, State University Homestead Association No.
3, Berkeley; $10. . '
Ellen Burnett to Berkeley Electric Lighting
Company, lot on E line of Shattuck avenue.
71.18 N of Klttredge street, E 78.85. N 25. W
77.02, S 25.06 to beginning, portion of Berkeley
property of Blake Tract, Map 3. Berkeley; $2500.
Henry A; and Christine 8. Fleltner to Henry
Hickinan, all interest In lot on NW line of
Redwood road. 150.27 NE of' Main street. NE
87.82, NW 360 to center of Adams Creek, thence
S and W to point of Its intersection by a line
parallel with Main street, drawn NW from
point of beginning, thence SE 372.84 to begin
ning, portion of Pleitner Heights Tract, Brook
lyn Township; $2000.
John and Wllhelmlne Mole to Christoph Ba
der, all Interest In lot on SW line of Washing*
ton street, 62 NW of Bassett, -NW 81 by SW
106, block 772, Levy and Lane Tract, Brooklyn
Township; $1500.
Christoph and Lydia Bader to John Mol«, all
Interest in lots 23 and 24, block . 1, map of
Knowles and Potter subdivision of Kenndy
Tract, East Oakland; $10.
James R. T. Mershon to Susie Mershon, lot
on W line of Market street. 209:7% S of Twen
ty-first, " S ' 60 by W 125, being lots 9 and 10 on
map of subdivision of Wall .Tract, Oakland;
gl ant
Theodore. Lange to Henry W. G. Lange, lot
on S line of Fourth street. 75 W of Jefferson,
W 25 by S 100, being lot 14, block 27_Kellers
berger's map, Oakland (subject to deed of
trust) ; $10.
Jacob Palmer to Charlotte E. Fowler, lot on
E line of Center street. 87:6 N of West Eighth,
N 30:9V4 by-E 81, portion of block 552, map
of Eighth-street Tract, Oakland; gift.
D. W. Lorlng and C. F. RUllet (trustees of
P. J. and Mary E. Keller) to Continental
Building and Loan Association, all Interest in
720 D. 197, lpt on E corner of Rose and Pied
mont avenues. SB 100 by NE 60, portion of
plat 19, Rancho V. ahd D. Peralta, Oakland;
$2389.
California Fruit Sales.
PHILADELPHIA, June 27.— The Earl Fruit
Company sold California fruit at auction to
day and realised the following prices: Poached
— Halo's Early, boxes. $1 05<g>l 10, average 11 07.
Apricots— Royals, single crates, $1 tmi 40, av
«£**• *1 36. Plums-Burbanks. single crates. 80o
S'lJfr * v « ra * 8 bOc : Abundance, single crates.
80c@ll, average 90c; Red June, single crates. $1
©1 15, average ?l 14. : Prunes-Slmonl. slnglo
craton, 85c® fl. average 89c; Tragedy, single
crates, average $1 30. Three cars sold to-day.
Weather favorable.
BOSTON.- June 27.— The sales, of the Earl
Fruit Company at auction to-day realized the
following average prices: Apricots— Hoyals.
single crates 80c®$l 20. average $1 11. Peaches
-Hale's Early, boxes, $1 1G@1 20, average 11 19;
Triumph, boxes, $1 15®1 40, average $1 34 Plums
— Burbanks. - single crates, 75c&'|l 25, averages
iSe; Abundance, single crates. ?5c<B>fi 10, aver
age II; Simonl, single crates, 83c©$l 10. aver
age 92c. Prunes— Tragedy, single crates, $1 23
©1 60. average $1 37. Five cars sold to-day. Fa
vorable weather.
Thirteenth avenue, SB 34 by SW 100, block 90,
Clinton, East Oakland; $300.
Henry I. and Mary A. Jones to William Vin
cent, all Interest In lot on N corner of Thir
teenth avenue and East Sixteenth street, KB
42:6, NW 85, SW 42:6. SE 85 to beginning, block
89. Clinton. East Oakland; $1000.
A benefit entertainment and dance for
Charles Es "Wright, a newsboy now ill at
St. Luke's Hospital, was given at Union
Square Hall last night by the Manhat
tans, a boys' social club. The attendance
was large and a considerable sum was
realized for the aid of the unfortunate
youth and his mother.
t .T, he Programme included a sketch by
Lillian Levy and Arthur Parent, female
impersonations by Melville Coakley, cor
net solos by Ruby Crosby, vocal solo by
William Sterns, specialties by Anita La
mont, a recitation by Elton Lambert,
tenor solo by Matt Keefe, monologue by
Henry Anbach and numbers by Charles
F. Graeber's mandolin and banjo orcnes
tra. . .
_ Th ,e committee in charge consisted of
Fred J. Forsyth, Edward A. Dehay, Wal
ter Cook, Ferd Younger, William Hath
away, Thomas McCormlck and Arthur
Moise. Edward A. Dehay and Fred J.
Forsyth comprising the floor committee.
TJNPORTUITATE NEWSBOY
HELPED BY MANHATTANS
Benefit Entertainment and Dance
Given at Union-Square Hall by
Social Club.
Beautiful Picture Book of Tosemlte.
Send ten cents .to the Southern Pacific
Passenger Department, 4 Montgomery
street, San Francisco.
For full infon -.tlon about established
routes, high class service, via Biggest
Big '.trees, apply to nearest agent or 613
Market street, San Francisco.
It was feared that confusion would re
sult if so many thousand visitors should
attempt to register at headquarters dur
ing the two or three days previous to the
convention, and so far as possible the
work will be done on the trains before
they reach this city.
The canvassers for subscription funds
have collected nearly half of the $25,000
which is required, and it is expected that
the rest will soon be on hand.
"Dr. Filben. chairman of the general
committee, states that no difficulties are
being encountered in any branch, and
that all arrangements are progressing to
the satisfaction of those concerned.
Dr. Kingsbury, in charge of registra
tion, states that all members of Christian
Endeavor, Baptist Young- People's Union
and other societies of similar purpose will
be . entitled to all the privileges of the
convention. Delegates who register will
be supplied with the league badge, which
will give access to all meetings. Regis
tration will be by cards, which will be so
arranged that the convention address of
any delegate can be readily given. A
fipecial postofflce has been ararnged for,
and mail will be delivered to registered
visitors daily.
Special arrangements have been made
with the railroads and transfer companies
so that baggage will be handled carefully
and expeditiously. Every visitor who
gives notice of his coming: will be pro
vided with Quarters on satisfactory
terms. Guides and an information bu
reau will be at the disposal of all who
may wish to avail themselves of them. It
is a matter of the deepest concern to the
committees that no difficulties shall be
met by those who attend the convention
and no effort will be spared to Insure the
satisfaction of the visitors.
The plans for the reception and enter*
tainment of the many thousands of dele
gates who will come to this city for the
Epworth League Convention" ar© now
practically complete. The committees In
charge of the affair have profited from
their experience with the Christian En
deavor convention In 1897, and all the dif
ficulties and inconveniences which at
tended that event will be obviated.
Inconveniences of Former
Convention to Be
Obviated.
Delegates Are Assured
of a Pleasant.
Visit.
EPWDRTH LEAGUE
PLANS COMPLETE
Thflu order was included in a circular
sent to the principals and teachers under
date. of March 21, 1901. It has all the au
thority of a positive order, and violation
of Its provisions will entail the same pen
alties as violations of orders of the board.
Despite the order complaints are' being:
made that the practice is still in vogue
in several of the schools. It is claimed
by parents that no true account can be
kept of the scholarship of a child if he
or she is to be lined credits won by a
knowledge of the course of study when
ever a lapse in deportment occurs. It is
claimed that the markings for ability and
the markings for deportment should be
separate, as the Superintendent has or
dered, and that if it be necessary to estab
lish a standard in deportment it should
be done by a system that does not en
croach on the pupil's ability to learn.
If the practice continues another circu
lar, and a stronger one, will be issued
which will deal with the subject.
I am authorized by the Board of Education
to state that no credits assigned for scholarship
should be deducted - from the record of a pupil
on account of poor deportment. Deportment
records and scholarship records must be kept
distinct and separate.
It Is some time since Superintendent of
Schools R. H." Webster ordered that In no
case should a teacher deduct' from the
scholarship of a pupil because of poor de
portment. It is an old custom, or it was
until the order was issued, ' that in ad
ditions to "checks" for bad behavior, a
teacher would deduct, "credits," or mark
one or three or live "failures" against the
obstreperous one, whether he failed in his
lessons or had them perfectly.
The injustice of the system was always
apparent, but It was not until • the mat
ter was brought to the. attention of the
Superintendent by the parent of one of the
pupils that the following order was is
sued: : • -
Be Abolished.
Custom of Deducting Credits
for Poor Deportment Must
Teachers May Not Re
duce a Scholar for (;
"CHECKS" HELD
TO BE ENOUGH
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JUNE 28, 1901.
11
BORJESON— NELSON— In this city, Juna 26,
190L by the Rev. A. J. Rodell. Cart" Pantus
Borjeson and Agnes Victoria Nelson, both of
San Francisco. •
ENNOR— SCHULE— In this city, June 28. 190L
by the Rev. J. N. Beard, D.D., Pellew Lang-
ford Ennor and Elizabeth Gertruda Schule,
both of San Francisco.
MACKAY— McINTOSH— In thla.clty. June 28.
1901, by the Rev. William C. Pond. Frank
Edwin Mackay and Aneta Mclntosh.
OVERMAN— GREGO— In this city,' Junt 15,
1901. by the Rev. William Klrke Guthrle.
Philip N. Overman and Mabel Dorothy
Gregg, "both of Berkeley.
PERSSON— OSTERBERG— In this city, June
26. 1901. by the Rev, -A. J. Rodell, Carl Ei,
Persson and Anna M. Osterberg, both ot San
Francisco. . • ' .
PETERSEN— TOt>D— In this city. June 27, 190L
at Central Methodist Episcopal Church, by the
Rev. S. D. Hutsinplller, Philip Rene Petersen
of San Francisco and Dora Isabella Todd of
St. Clair, Mo.
PLUNKETT— DANSKIN— In this city. June
24, 190L by the Rev. George C. Adams, Will
A. Plunkett and Catherine Blanche Danskln,
both of San Francisco.
MABRIED.
rALMISTRV.
•*X n -»°?« Ila ? A1NE ' "" *> u «»ness palmist of
the Paclflc Coast: 1 to 5. S06 Market at.
U. JEROME FOSSELLI. scientific palmist. 615
Taylor Et-. b*L Geary and Post; tel. Black 66L
MRS. LAMB, scientific palmist and character
reading: lessons in class and private. C17 Jones.
PHYSICIANS AND SURGICOXS. '
D ,^., C <* \ V^X£E££Ioincc and^fden^
1CT1 Market at., between Sixth and Seventh. ¦
1)11 WONG HIM. herb doctor, successfully
f£«S ' * lsea » e « of the human body: aee
testimonials at office. 115.117 Maaon. nr. Ellis.
PnYSlOGJVOMY. ~
SCIENTIFIC delineation of character by face
or Photo. Mary O. Btanton. 810 Leaven worth:
| verbal read'g. >i; printed chart, ti BO; lessons.
PILES. ~~~" ~
IC E A A LT :00 ° Immanent curea here In" your
midst: many who have suffered 80 to 30 years:
o\er &3 names of prominent business* men
pent as reference; no chloroform, surgery or
flelay from buslneas, and no salves for sale.
offices 3 " ad<lreS8 Ph J' Elcla n. bcx 1950. Call
PROPERTY WAXTED.
WANTED— Price. eltel location^ possibly
terms, of few cheap adjoining lots within city
limits, with, or without Improvements: or
Email acreage Jurt outglde. Box 8517. Call.
REAL ESTATE— CITY — FOR SALE.
MODERN home of • rooms on Vallejo St.: lst-
cla?* neighborhood; will be sold at a bargain.
DAVIS & BIVEXS. room 53. 9H Market at.
FOR eale— Lot SSxllJ ft., with front and rear
house; good paying property. Apply to owner
on premises. £.1 Rauseh Bt.
J7S0— A PJCAP; 9 lots on Mission road; party
needs money. Box 8347, Call office.
FOR sale — New cottage. 4 rooms, bath, larco
basement, near TJnioft st. 302? Pierce st.
REAL ESTATE — COUNTRY — For Sal e
AN Meal country home of 23 acres; heart of
Fanta Crux Mountains: 62 miles from San
Francisco; elevation 1100 feet: unexcelled
place for private sanitarium: ocean view.
1458 full-bearinsr fruit trees, consisting of
prune, peach, cherries, walnuts, pears, apples
fi*rs and chestnuts.
1S00 vines In full bearing; choicest table
Crapes.
Tf.00 vine*; Cornlchon grapes; 2 years old.
House of S robms. barn and outbuildings: all
furniture and fai-mln* Implements go with the
place; price fO50; $2000 can remain on mort-
* a £e. Address D. BRITTON.
\_ Olympla Theater.
FIXE clock farm of 620 acres near Marysville;
<so »cres wheat, 15 acres garden, berries and
fruits, balance summer fallowed; water right
2r.nn inches of water poes with place; ditch
¦will cover several thousand acres; water
risrht alone is worth price aeked for place:
this must be sold to close an estate; price
IS an acre. Address box 476, Marysville, Cal.
POCLTRY end dairy ranches for sale: write ror
free »>t. C. R. WTNTtELT). Petaluma. Cal.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS
ALAilEP A COTTAGES FOR SALE.
KOR sale — Modern cottage. 6 rooms: oath; lot
Mxise. 1ME Mogart ft.. Alameda. Maotlck *tn.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
FOR exchange— Near university; fine 18-room
houte; built for boarding houue; In the hands
of the right party there Is a good living In
thla. j 8. S. QUACKENBCSH. Real Estate,
opposite bank.
FRUITYALE ADVERTISEMENTS
FRCITVALE FCRMSHED HOUSES.
V L'KNIEHED house. 6 rooms and bath, for
July. Corner Nlcol ave. and Capp at.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE—1118 BROADWAY.
O AKLAJfD REAL. ESTATE.
TENTH STREET, EAST OF BROADWAY?
I3JW— Comfortable home of 9 rooms In the
choicest part of Oakland; #>wner non-realdent;
reduced pric* for a qutck cash sale.
CEO. \V. AUSTIN & CO..
• ¦ 1008 Broadway, Oakland.
IT.&-COZY little bungalow cottage; all uhln-
ri'd: new plumbing; lot 40xlM feet: clone to
tejecraph ave. and city tralna; will arrange
terms.
tlS monthly installments— Cottage of I rooms; '
on minny clde; handy to San Pablo ave; total
Si 000.
K500 — J500 cash, balance on easy terroa: pretty
Eoetlake cottage, 5 rooms, bath, hall, high
bawment. 2 bay windows: newly painted; nle«
open lawn and cement walk*: select locality; 1
block from Broadway; cost $3500.
tiOdO — Eight-roomed modern Eastlake cottage;
eunny side; right downtown: a big bargain.
GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO..
1008 Broadway. Oakland.
OAKLAXD PIKXITI!«K FOR lAtE.
AN introduction to you from H. Schellhaas, the
furniture dealer, 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
ROOMS VOJl HOVSBKBBPI.VC.
EDDY, S-2S— Floor of 4 cr 2 furnished house-
keeping rooms; private residence; no children.
ELLIS. "5 — Housekeeping rooms; also single.
ELLIS, S5-0— 2 err.all sunny furnished housekeep-
ing rooms in rear; rent $10.
ELLIS. C39, cor. Larkin — Large sunny bay-
window: use of kitchen; othej- rooms, $11 up.
FIFTH. 2Z2— Furnished parlors, kitchen, with
bath. $20; also 2, $10. $12; 3. $14; single, $4 up.
HAIGHT. 222— Two perfectly appointed houns-
fceeplng rooms for couple. Tel. and references.
HAYES. 231— A handsome suite of rooms with
use of kitchen and dining-room.
IVY ave.. 226 — 3 sunny furnished rooms for
housekeeping; rent $15. -. .¦-•.¦»
LEAVENWORTH. 1521—2 or 3 rooms, furnished
or unfurnished ; private family; rent cheap.
MARKET. 2128, near Guerrero— Front room fur-
nished; light housekeeping.
MASON, 41J — Sunny suite with or without light
housekeeping; running water; also large very
tir.nv room for one or two persons; private
family: phone.
MINNA, lllhi — Bay-window housekeeping room.
$1 75 per week; single. $1.
NOE. ia— Two pleasant sunny bay-wlndo\»
rooms; modern cor. Rat, gas, bath, grate; $14.
OAK. 11>— 1 large, sunny front furnished house-
keeping room; large closet: clean; f$ CO.
POLK. 1002—3 and S room suites, completely
furnlched for housekeeping; $15 up; reference,
SEVENTH. 304. near Folsom— Unfurnished bedl
room, dining-room, kitchen, connected; stove;
bath, etc.; rent $13; clean; quiet; call af terns.
VALENCIA. R34V4. near 20th— 2 or I front con-
necting rooms, furn. complete; sink; porch.
VAN NESS. 282 — Housekeeping rooms, complete.
ROOMS TO LET — Fnrn. and Unfnrn.
AHLBORN HOTEL, 221 Grant ave.— Best $1 a
day family hotel in city; polite attendance;
. large rooms, 60c up; meals, 25c; free coach.
A-BRUNSWICK HOUSE, 148 Sixth-Rooms",
25c to $1 per night; $1 23 to $3 per week, and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
A— MARKET. 1049A— Nicely furnished suites.
115 per month up; singles. $5 per month up.
BiTrNETT. 1426 Market (old No. 1364)— Fur-
nlfhed rtns.. suites, single; also unfurnished.
CLIFFORD. 204 Ellis, cor. Mason— Elegantly
furnished eunny rooms; prices reasonable.
FIFTH, 107— Pleasant, sunny unfurnished
rooms to let.
$1 10 A WEEK; large sunny furnished room;
also front; bath; closet: private. 834 Folsom.
FRANCISCO— Elegant suites ;eingle with baths;
transient MRS. KINO. Turk and Taylor.
GOLDEN. GATE ave., 730— Large sunny double
front room: single rpom. JC; bath; private.
HOTEL St. Denis (European plan)., 24 Turk at.,
nr. Market— New building, 1 * elegantly furn.;
just opened; strictly first class and up to date
in all appointments; Inspection Invited; must
b« seen to be appreciated; 75c day and up;
special rate* by week or month; references.
HOTEL Graystone, 66 Geary St.— New 6-atory
fireproof hotel: electric light and elevator; un-
quextlonably the most luxuriously furnished
In the city; steam heat; private baths: one
block from Palace Hotel. Phone John 2331.
HOWARD. IOCS— Newly furnished sunny front
bay-window room; electric lights; sto\ r e.
HYDE, 2»— Lovely large corner suites and
ringle rooms ; private bath.
KEARNY. 34. and 47 Post— Sunny furnished
rooms and offices; rent reasonable.
MARKET. IMS (New Arlington)— Nicely fur-
nlehed roczas, $2 a week up; 35c a day up. -
RAILWAY TBAVEL.
fEyFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully jnvlted to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 2:45 o'clock, from the parlors of
the Gantner & Guntx Undertaking Company,
1209 Mission street, " between Elitbth and
Ninth. Cremation I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
WHELAN— In Lob Angeles. June 25 1901
Elizabeth, daughter of Charlea and Mary
Whelan of 1203 Howard street, a native of
• Ban FrancUsco.
C7Notice of funeral hereafter.'
(CTNotlce of funeral hereafter.
WEILER— In this city, June 25, 1901, Professor
Richard Weller, a native of Ostrode, Ger-
many, aged 63 years 7 months and 1 14 daya.
A member of Court • Golden Era No. 832
Independent Order of Foresters. (Los An-
. gelcs papers please copy.)
E7Frtends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the residence
of her son-in-law, Dennis O'Connor. 906 Min-
na street, thence to St. Joseph's Church,
¦uhere a soltmn requiem high maaa will be
celebrated for the repose of her soul, com-
mencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
RILEY— In this city, Juna 26, 1901. Elizabeth
Catherine, wife of John Rlley, and dearly
beloved mother of Nora V., Elizabeth C.
and the late Margaret Rlley, a native of the
pnrish of Craunhwell. County ttalway, Ire-
land, aged 61 years 8 months and 10 days.
' 07FriendH and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 9:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 106 Alta street, off Montgomery, be-
tween Union and Filbert, thence to 8t. Fran-
cis Church, where a solemn requiem high
mass will be celebrated for the repose of her
¦oul, commencing at 10 o'clock. Interment
Mount Calvary Cemetery.
RILEY— In this city, June 2S, 1801, Rose Rlley,
relict of Edward Riley, beloved mother of
Jamea. Rlley, Mra. D. \\". McDonouKh, Mra.
A. Ray, Mrs. F. F. Ham and Mrs. H. J.
Verhellen, a native of County Meath. ire-
land, aged 73 years. (Calaveras papers please
copy.) • _¦-.„'..
07Fri«nd* and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late
mtdence. 163 Silver street, thence to St.
Rose's church, where a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
commenclnc «U 9 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cirsa Cemetery. .
SHERRY— Drowned at Benlcia. June 23, 1901.
Henry K., beloved son of the late M. L. and
Margaret Sherry, and brother of Mary, John
nnd Jennie Sherry and Mrs. W. B. White, a
native of California, aged 22 years. (Cleve-
land, Ohio, papers please copy.)
SMITH— In this city, June 28, 1901. Martha
Isabel Smith (nee Denow), beloved wife of
Oscar A. Smith, a native of England, aged
29 years.
. IPTrlends an( j acauaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 9:30 o'clock, from her late
residence, Chicaeo Hotel, Pacific street, be-
tween Front and Battery, thence to Bt.' Fran-
cis Church, where a solemn requiem high
mass will be celebrated for the repose of
her soul. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
O'CONNOR— Suddenly, In this city, 'June 17,
1901, Mary O'Connor, a native of Castle
Island, County Kerry, Ireland, aged 65 years.
OPDYKE— In Oakland, June 26, 1901, at 1118
Cer>ter street. Peter, husband of Ajrnes Op-
dyke, and father of William, Frank and
Qecrge Oadyke, Mrs. Nellie . Covlngton and
Mrs. Agnes Moon, a native of New Tork,
aged 66 years 11 months and 12 days.
POWERS— In this city, June 27, 1901, James
\V., beloved husband of Elizabeth Powers,
father of William H., Edward, Frank, Jo-
seph and Charles Powers and Mrs. A. L.
Fulton, and brother of Edward Powers, a
native of Ireland, aged 71 years. (Lowell,
Mess., papers please copy.) ¦ ~
• • CyThe funeral will take place to-morrow
(Saturday), at 9:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, SOS . Preclta avenue, thence to St.
Peter's Church for services at 10 o'clock. In-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery.
QUIGLET— In this city. June 26/ 1901, Annie
M., beloved wife of William J. Qulgley, a
native of Pennsylvania, aged 47 years 8
months and 14 days. A member of Young
Indies' Institute No. 13; Mlnnehaha Council
No. 1 of Pocahontas, and Ladles of the G.
A. R. of Vallejo. (Vallejo papers please
copy.) - ¦ ¦ .• ¦
(CT Remains at the parlors of H. F. Suhr
& Co.. 1137 Mission Btreet, between Seventh
and Eighth.
RAUSCH— In this city, June 27, 1901.' William,
beloved son of Gustavo and Etta Rauseh. a
native of California, aged i months and 1
day.
• CTTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 10 o'clock, from the residence
of his parents. 144 San Carlos avenue. In-
terment Mount Olivet Cemetery.,
RICHARDSON— In this city, Juno 26, 1901,
Catherine, beloved wife of the late Nicholas
Richardson, and mother . of Mrs, Dennis
' O'Connor, a native of Ireland, aged 65 years.
(Oakland papers please copy.)
ICTNotlce of funeral hereafter.
NELSON— In this city, June 27, 190L Ellen,
dearly beloved wife of Nlles Nelson, and
mother of Eddie Nelson and Mrs. Mamie
O'Brien, a native of County Clare, Ireland,
aged 48 years and 6 months.
C7Frlends and acquaintances ara respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 10:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 240 Dolores street, thence i to Mission
. Dolores Church, where services will be held
at 11 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery, by carriage. |
MILATOVICH— In this city, June 27. 1901. An-
tonlo Mllatovlch, father of Joseph Mllato-
vlch, a native of Dalmatla, aged 83 years.
MORQENROTH— In Alameda, Juna 27, 1901.
Caroline Morjenroth, beloved wife of Charles
' Morpenroth, and mother of Mrs. Herman
Tlemroth and Charles, Caroline, Adolph and
Oustave Morgenroth, a native of Alsace,
ared 6$ years 1 month and 6 days.
MUIR— In this city, June 27. 1901. Robert McD...
Mulr, •beloved husband of Annie Muir. de-
voted father of Roble Mulr, son of the late
• Adam Mulr and Mary Muir, brother of "Wil-
liam and John Muir, and son-in-law of Mrs.
Altken and Mrs. Hannah Montgomery, a na-
tive of San Francisco, aged 32 years 10
months and 24 daya . •^¦t.K"
C7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral thla day
(Friday), at 10:30 o'clock, from the residence
of the parenta, 29 Klsillng street. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery. ' . .
McSWIGQEN— In Fruitvale. June 27. 1901. Ed-
¦ ward MeS wigsen, dearly beloved brother of
Mrs. Ann Jane McCaffery and Mrs. Luke
Battles, a native of County Tyrone, Ira"
land, acred 75 years 2 months and 14 days.
MAHON— In this city, June 26, 1901. Charles
. B., beloved husband of Rosalia B. ' Mahon,
and father of Maud, Lillian and Lola Ma-
hon, a. native of Boston, Mass., aged 60
years 6 months and 10 days.
Keon, ¦ a native of ¦' Ban ' Francisco, ' aced ' 6
months and 11 days. . ¦ . . ¦ . >¦¦ . • ',
Cheap Rates
East via
Santa Fe
The places, the rates f ot
the round trip and tha
dates of sale are below.
The other details can bo
had of the Santa Fe agents.
BUFFALO, $87.00
July 3, 4; Aug. 22, 23;
Sept. 5,6. JlA t^'- :;
CHICAGO, S7Z50 TM33FS.
July 20, 21. "^3fH :
CINCINNATI, $76.50 ill
June 30 and July 1. | J t :
CLEVELAND, $82.50
Sept. 5 and 6.
COLORADO SPRINGS' $55
July 8 and 9.
DETROIT, $82.25 mm
July 1 and 2. T Ti]£;
LOUISVILLE, $77.50. W
Aug. 20 and 21. ; *p .
MILWAUKEE, $74.50
July 17 and 18.
The best service and the
pleasantest way Is fat-
nishedbythe : ':Xi
Santa Fe
641 MARKET ST.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC.
Tr«ln» Itai* atml i%r« «!«• to nrrlf* •»•
mam nt*x<:iv<».
(Katn Line. Foot of Marltet Street)
luti — y»on Jrjya 18. 1801. — AJtarv
7<eOA Bsnlda, Sniann. Elmir*. VacaTtOa. -
Ranwr and Sacramento «:S3*>
7iSOa MatUiiex.9»u Ramon. Vallajo. JJ»pa,
CallatufaaodHaouHoaa «i23f
•'•»* Davis. Woodland. Knig&ta Landing.
M»riSTllle. Orntlllfl.. 7s31p
8iOO* Atlautlo Kxpreaa— Ogden aad.East ia<)t3r
Hiuoa Mlea, Hthrop, Stockton 3iSaf
StOOANUes, Kendota* Hauford. Ylaalia,
Portwrtlla 7. ««SJ*
SiSOa Shasta Kwcm-D*»U, Williams hot
BarUett Springs). Willow*. R«4
Blufi. Portland.. 7«33f
• i3»a San Jute, Ll'erniore, Htockton,
lone, Nacraiiiento, FUflrnlU*.
Marj«fUI«, Cbloo, Itfl.l Illiiir 4t*3r
tiSOA Oakdal-, Chinew (Yosemita), H»-
nom. Carton 4tS3p
»i«o» Il»» w»r«l. NlUa and Way BUUona.. 1 1 >AS«
9t«0A YaUejo IMr
ViOWa Loa Anjole* Ezpreia — M artiuas,
Tra«7. Laklirop. Miocktoo, Mereed
yrrauo and Loa Angolas 7iS3r
Ot8»A Vall.jn. Marlluas ami War Hlatlons 7lB3r
IUiOUa Tha OverUnd Un.lted— Ogdon, Oaa*
var, Omaha. Uhicago CilSr
(liflflr 8aoraiumi>« Kl?ar dUamaw f.TiOuv
SiSOr Hay ward. NlUa ami Wti Hlatlona.. 7i33r
4ioo r lloulcla. Wlntara, Haaranisi.lo.
Wo<»llaiid, KnlltUU iAUdlug,
M«r,-i»lllf, Ocoflll* I*>S3a
4iO«r MurtliiM, Han Ramon, Valltjo.
Nairn. t:*ll«i.iK». Hauta Itoaa...... »iMi
4tOOr Nlla*. LWermor*. Stockton. Lodt... lSi*9r
4.ao r H4jw*nl. MIm, Han. I ¦•as. Utttmon ?*.!«¦»*
4 >ai»p fort Vv*'». Tiacy, Latbrop. Htncktoa l»i*.1*
3t««rTli« Owl Mtolted— rrasuo, Tolafa,
UakarsOald. Haur>a (or SauU Bar-
bara. Loa Ancolea Si93a
OtOep Martin's. Antloch, Stock ton, Mor-
' oed.Tnaso lliSSy
»i«»f Ywwtnlw ia>SSr
Si3Or New Orlaana Eipre«»— Mendota,
Frenno. Oakentleld. Loa Angalea,
Dcmiog, £1 faao. New Orloaua
and Kaat 7iBSa.
•ifl«r Ila» waxd. Nllon and Han Joa« 7i»-» »
lO.OUr ViJlaJu I I i3.1v
Oi«i»r Oriental Mall-Ogilon, Ohaianna.
Omaha. Cblo«fj 13<3Sr
OiOOr Orieutal Mall-Ogdon. Deafer,
Bt Louis. Chloigo. 4lS3p
7tOOr Oragun aud California. Ks|>reM.Maa-
iKM.rul... MarjiTllU. Ito.l.llnf.
fortlHiMl. 1'iigot Hniimt ami Kait ai33i
•¦•SrSan Pablo, Port Costa, Mutlaei
and Way rjtatioua IIiSSa
t»t»ap Vall^jo 7l5A»
COAST LilNB (N*rro,» »•«•(•).
(Foot of M..rk«t Street.)
t?i43A BaqU Crux Excursion to riaoU Cms
and Principal Way SUtlona {S t«3 f
Si I 3 a New»rk. Omen WivSaii. I i>m>, Krlton,
Uoiilder Creek. Sai. la Cms aud Way
8UUona ••awr
fSilOr Newark. Centerviila. 8aii Jr»o, New
Almailaa, Kcltnn, llonltler Ontnk,
Santa Crux ami 1'rlnclpal Way
Stations !••»•*
¦t«l-Tr Newark. Man Jnwe, I.os Oatoa t*i»»«
««iiarOlenwo«)d.BonldeTCree».8*nUCrn» «wi3«*a
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
Prom Sil T RiXCISCO— root if txti.it Strtet (Slip 8)—
tT:I8 V.OO 11;00a.«. 1:03 3:00 8;15'.«.
rr«m01lU»B— r»tl.tBr..4w.».— frt:OO %a:09 ti;01
10:004.11. 12:03 8:03 i:33r.M.
COAST LING (Rroad <;«i. s «).
(Thlr.l and TownM.i.l 9U.)
S:l»4 8%n Jo«« and Way Mtatiooa. «>»up
Ui«Oa Kan JimmkuiI Way Htutliins ItSM'
/7t«wA New Aliuadeii /4tlO?
t7t4l>A Sunday Kzcunion for San Jcm.
Hanu Crux. Pidflo Grot* and
Principal Way Btatiooa. l**Z»r
S>**AHan Jiwa. Tres Pinna. Haiita <!rirx.
I'aolllc <lri)»a, ."alin*a, San LoU
Oblipo. Santa Barbara ami Prin-
d|>ai lnterme.ll.te sutlutia 7«3« r
l*i»*A Ban Joae and Wsy Station*.. 4tl«r
II*S»A Mait Jim ami Way MUII.»« S.JKp
t*> lar San Matoo, lle.lwoo.1. Moulo Park,
Palo Alto, Santa Clara. Man Juaa,
Trea Pino*. Haiita Orus. 8alinatv
Monterty and I'aolito flrof* |1**49«
Sta*rHsa Jose and Way SAtlons «>3iu
f4ilar Ban Joaaaml Prinolpal Way Station* Ui 13*
fStOOp Ban Joae, Loa Gatos and rrlneipa]
Way Stotlon 1».OO»
SiSOr SanJoio ami Principal Way Statlona fltSCA
OiOOr Rerlwd, Man Joaa. Gilmy. Salinas,
Santa Barhara. Lm Aogelea 1«i«Oa
•iOOi- Dal Mont*. Monterer. Paciflo Uxore.
Lompoo 1 *»«••*
«<30pSaji Juaaaud WayHUtlona t n '**A
¦llf<3» San Jeae «w<l Way SUtlona 7t»0r
;' A for Morning. p for Aftarnooa.
T Hn.idaf eieaptod. ! Snndar only,
a Saturday only. - •Monday.
« ftatorday en 1 Scnday. / Tnwiday and Trtdajs.
• 8:00 n. n. in the Ov^lanfl Kxnress. with
through Pilac* md To"rii»t Sleer»«rn and
Free Recllnlrc Chair Curs to Chicago:
also Pal ice Sleeper, which etits out at
Frenno. Pnrrespondlns train arrives at 3:53
p. ro. dally.
7:?o a. m; 1<i P.-»V<"r*n>M TxyO. utopnfn*
«t nil r-olnta in Pan Joaauln Valley. Cor-
re«vMid!nr trsH prr!ve« at 8:40 a. m. dally*
Office— 141 Ma'Vet />**»-* and In Ferry
T>e"it. San Francisco: lilt Broadway, Oak-
4:20 d. m. la Stockton and Fresno ' local.
Corresponding train arrives at 13:30 p. m
dally. "
Santa Fe Trains
Leav Market-atreat Ferry Depot.
I Local I Llm'd I Ovrl'd I Local
• | Dally j * I Daily 1 Dally
Lv. Pan Frant 7:20 a »:00 a 8:00 p 4:20 p
Ar. • fltocktoo.ll*>:l« a 11:45 a 11:13 p 7:18 p
•• Merced .M»:2J p 1:17 p 1:» a 9:11 p
"Fresno .. 1:05 p 2:J5 p 3:05 a 10:50 p
" Hanford. 3:12 p 3:27 p 7:0« a
" Visalla .. 3:40 p ,.. 4:4»a ........
"Bakersfld 6:15 p 5:20 p 7:S0a
'• Knns. Cy 2:40 a I 7:30 a
." Chicago . ........ 2:15 pt 9:00 p
r for mornlnr. ' p for afternoon.
*9:00 a. m. train Is the California Lim-
ited, leaving Monday and Thursday only,
carrying Palace Sleeping Cars and Dining
Car* throws^ to. Chicago. Chair Car runs
to Bakerafleld for accommodation of local
flrM-claas passengers. No second -clans
tlck»t» honored on thN train. Correspond-
Intr train arrives at 5:33 p. m. Tuesday and
Friday.
(Successor to Flannagan A Gallagher.;
DANIEL P. DONOVAN, M«r. ¦¦- '
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMUALMEKS.
10 Fifth st.. opposite Lincoln School.
- ' Telephone Soutb SO. ¦
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.
. 'MeAVQV'.A.CO,,''
FUNERAL DIRECTORS & EMBALMEKS,
1239 Market St., between 8th and 9th. -
..Telephone South 247.
rr\r\r\ ROUND TRIP, including berth In
(PQQ train of flrst-class Pullman cars
Jnewrm Leaves San Francisco July C at 7
*r p. m. Tickets good •* days, with
stop-over privileges returning. A flrst-clasa trip
at a second-class g~. » . mmr __
price. Through W C 1 A T^T 1 T 17
the scenic sec- L/> ITi iA I I i. p.
tlons of three ****-***. -*> A I<H
States., ¦ -
Make reservations early. Ask for folder. Ad-
drew THE AMERICAN GUARANTY AND
TRUST COMPANY., 328 Montgomery st. Tele-
phone- Main 5803. ¦ -
MOUNT TAM ALPAI5 RAILWAY
Yla BmiallK Ferrj— root of Xtrkec St.
*f 31oV*m '"•"• " •¦•"?¦ v.sC'"*"-
1«^vi"-^EK DAYS S fS*-"*'
8:00 a.m.) fl2rl3p. u
$£t m! U....STrNDAY3.. J Wg - £
lsop.M. ._. r . fiiso,.;^
aaop.M.J/ I 7:in p. M
r«w. Stn Wrv\a*t» to S«»m!t »n1 **»«. |i. w
Ticket 0««3,§.iMarkct st^&jaasalitoJ'irtx.
Via Sausalito Farry.
v Commencing April IS, 1901.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLET
AND SAN KAFAKL.
WEEK DAYS— 4:55, *:3O, *»:3O. 11:0* ¦»' a..
Ur45. 'IMS, 3:15. 4:15. 5:15. »«:15. «:4S p. ra.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley aad g*a
Rafael on Mondays. Wednesdays, Saturdays
and Sundays at 9:30 and 11:40 p. m.
8UNDAYS— 7:00. «:00. •i:0Q. «10:00. 11:00. 11-30"
a. m.. 12:45. •1:30. 2:30. *3:45. 5:00. «:M. 7:3a
p. m. 11:00 a. m. does not run to San Rafael
Sundays.
Trains marked (*) run to San Quentln.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS-»3:25. «:27. 7:47. S:33. 10:lJ
a. m.. »13:25. 1:15. r:20, •*:». 4:40. 5:30 p. ra.
EXTRA. TRIPS on Mondays. "Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 6:45 and 10:0o p. rn.
8UNDAYS-«:15. •8:00. J:45. »11:00 a. ra.. 13
m.. 1:00. t:M. M:*). 4:39. n-.O. i:45. 7:% w :19
p. m. *
Train* marked (•) start from San Qu«ntln
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO!
WEEK DAYS— 5:45. «:43, 7:55, 8:53. 10:30
a, m.. 13:33. 1:15. 2:45. 3:50, 6:10. 5:20 p. m .
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:35 r>. m.
SUNDAYS— «:35. 8:00. 10:06. 11:10 a. m.. 12O3L
1:20. 2:SC. 3:43. 5:00. «:15. 7:15. 19:30 p. m.
THROUGH TRAINS.
6:53 a. o. week days— Cazadero and way sta.
tlons.
3:13 p. m. Saturdays— Cazadero and way sta-
tions. ¦ ¦ /
5:15 p. m. week days (Saturdays except e<J>— /
Tomales and way stations.
la. n. Sundays— Cazadero and way sJatlons.
10:00 a. m. Sundays— Point Reyes aad way
stations.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Eugene McGinn. ' McCUNN BKO3.
Funeral Directors and Kmbalmera,
Telephone South 252. ..'Ban Francisco.
No Connection With Any Other House. -
ROOMS TO LET— Fnrn. and Cnfnrn.
MARTINET, 1101 Geary— Elegant aultes. newly
furnished: private; bath; single rooms $10 up.
McCLELLAND. 200 Turk St.— Sunny furnished
single and double rooms; also transient.
O'FARRELL.. 20— Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator; elec. lights; day, week, mo.
OXFORD. 271 OTarrell— Furnished front suite
and single rooms, jZ week up; transient.
POLK, 1539— Largest, sunniest room for the
money in the city; private.
POST, F27— Sunny single room, $7; sunny base-
ment rooms, $1 a week.
POWELL. 207 (changed hands)— Nicely fur-
nished rms., en suite or sin.; baths; transient,
ROSEDALE House, 319-321 Ellis st.— Rooms
night. 25c to $1; Tireek. $1 25 to Ul open night.
ROYAL. House. 126 Ellis— Incandescent light;
reading-room, smoking-room and ladles' par-
lor; rooms, per night, 35c to $1 50; week, $2 to
$8; month. 58 to $30; elevator on ground floor;
rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
SHERMAN Apartment House. 28 Eighth St..
near Market— Furnished or unfurnished.
STEVENSON, 642, between Seventh and Eighth
—Furnished eunny front room; bath; centrat.
STOCKTON] S32— The Ottlngton— Few choice
suites and several small rooms; cheap. 1
EUNBERG. 315 Ellis— Nice sunny rooms, en
suite or single: hot and cold water; meals
optional. .
THIRD, SS4— Nicely furnished front rooms; also
single and housekeeping rooms; reasonable.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch of flee. 2200 Fillmore. at.
XOOJ1S AND IIOAKO.
AN exceptional table; pleasant rooms; good
service: popular rates. 807 California st.
THE Roanoke, 808 Bush— New house: newly
furnished: suites with bath; perfect illumina-
tion; private dining apartment; elevator serv-
ice: cats to all parta of city within stone's
throw of door.
PINE. 1222 (old Ralston home)— Elegantly fur-
nlthed suiny rooms, en suite and single, with
beard.
THE Victor. 1006 Pine — New management: thor-
oughly renovated; sunny suites with board.
THE Crocker, 815 Leavemvo: th— Fine sunny
rooms, single and en suite; beautiful grounds.
THE HEATH. 312 Eddy— Nicely furnished sunny
front rooms, en suite, single; excellent cuisine.
HOTEL Repelier. 781 gutter— Newly furnished;
excellent table: special rates to tourists.
HOTKL. Las Palmas. 1820 Market— Suites. 2 or
3 rooms, bath, connecting; board optional.
SUNNY front room, suitable for man and wife,
with board. 70 Ninth at. '
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address in the
ITnltfd States or Canada one year for $1.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
BAD tenants ejected for H: collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery st.. rooms 9-19, tel. 6580.
DISEASES -and ailments of men treated: con-
fultatlon free. American Dispensary. 614 Pine.
SEWING MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
ALL. kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged, re-
palred: rnen even.: phono Black 1124. 205 4th.
STORAGE _AXp WAREHOUSES.
p7e^CeTrodol?H Storage "and .'"Moving Co^
office Post and Powell sts.; tel. Main 5713.
GOLDEN WEST Storage Warehouse. 840 Mls-
elon St.; tel. Howard 941. F. W. ZEHFUS9.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co.. 722 Mission St.;
tel. Main 1S40; shipping at cut rates. ,
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. ?320 Fillmore gt. : phone Jackson 281.
TYPEWRITERS AND SUPPLIES.
GREAT BARGAINS IN TYplsW^TERS^We
veil better machines for less money than any
house in the city; rentals, (3. The Typewriter
Exchenge. 63fl California: telephone Main 268.
RENT a new Franklin typewriter for $1 week
and have your work In sight. CUTTER
TOWER CO.. 301 Montgomery: tel. Black 4885.
HARTFORD typewriters; new. »«0: anti-trust;
• II mike*: used machlnef. 810 up. 209Saneome.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
SAVINGS and" Loan"" Society. 101 Montgomery
St., corner of Sutter— The board of directors
declared a dividend for the term ending Juna
SO. 1901. at the rate of three and one-eighth
<3V*) per cent per annum on all deposits, free
of taxes and payable on and after July 1, 1901.
Dividends not called for are added to, and
bear the aame rate of dividend as, the prin-
cipal, from and aft*r July 1, 190L CYRUS
W. CARMANY. Cashier. .
DIVIDEND NOTICE— California Safe Deposit
and Trust Company, corner California and
Montgomery sts. ; for the six months ending
June SO, 1901. dividend.* have betn declared
on deposits in the savins* department of this
«>mp«ny as follows: On term deposits at
the rate of 3 6-10 per cent per annum, and on
ordinary depot-Its at the rate «f 3 per cent
per annum, free of taxes, and payable on
and after Monday. July 1. 1901. Dividend*
uncalled for are added to the principal -*rvl
bear th* same rate of dividend aa the prin-
cipal from and after July 1, 1901. J. DAL-
ZELL BROWN. Manager.
DIVIDEND notice— Mutual Pavln«S Bank of
Fan Franrlvco. 33 Post St.— For the half year
ending June 30th. 1901. a dividend has been
declared at the rat* of three (?) per cent per i
annum on all dtpestti, free of taxes, parable
en and after MONDAY. July 1st. 1901.
GEORGE A. BTORY. Cashier.
BAN FKANCISCO SAVINGS UNION. 632 Cali-
fornia »t.. corner Webb— For the half year
ending with th» 30th of June 1901. a divi-
dend has been declared at the rate per annum
of three and fix- tenths (3 6-10) per cent on '
termr der>c«ltH and three (3) per cent on or-
dinary deposits, free of taxes. payaMe on
and after Monday. July 1. 1901.
LOVELL WHITE. Cashier.
THE GERMAN SAVINGS AND LOAN SO-
clety. CM California st.— For the half year
ending with June 30, 1901, a dividend has !
brf n declared at the rate of three and one-
eighth (3%) per cent per annum on all de-
posits, free of tasra. payable en ani atier
ilonday. July 1. 190L
GEORGE TOURNY. Secretary.
HUMBOLDT Savings and Loan Society, IS
Geary Ft.— The directors have declared a div-
idend of S'i per cent p«r annum on its depos-
its. s>ayabl« on and after July 1. 1901. /
KHNKKT BRAND. Secretary.
PROPOSALS.
ADVERTISEMENT— Office of the Chief En-
rlneer. Division of the Philippines. Manila.
P. ! I., March 1. 1901— Sealed proposals for
constructing a harbor at Manila, P. I., will
(a received at this office until 11 o'clock a.
m., August 1. 1901, and then publicly opened.
Work to be done Includes about 150.000 cubic
yards riprap. 21,000 cubic yards concrete and
rubble masonry In breakwaters about 6,000,-
000 cubic yards of dredging and a-plln bulk-
head 4700 feet long. Dredging in mud. sand
and shells to a depth of thirty feet. Dredged
materials to be uted for reclaiming land.
Bids must be accompanied by a bond of ona
hundred thousand dollars (1100,000) in gold.
One contract will be -made for the whole
work. Contractor's bond .will be 10 per cent
of the amount bid. The right is reserved to
rejecti any or all bids. For specifications and
blank forms applv to this office. Bureau of
Insular Affairs. Washington. D. C.; United
States Engineers Office* at T N * w fc r T Sflri^ l U'
ca*o and flan Francisco. JOHN DIDDLE.
Captain. Engineers. •
iT\N FRANCISCO. Cal.. June 21. 1901-«ealed
proposals, in triplicate, will be received here
until 11 o'clock a. m., Monday. July 1. 1901.
and then opened, for furnishing 33 cavalry
horsea at the Presidio of San Francisco. Gov-
ernment reservea right to reject or accept any
or all bid*, or any part thereof. Bids will be
considered for a less number of horses than
that stated. Preference given to articles cf
domestic production, conditions or price and
quality (Including in the price of foreign pro-
ductions the duty thereon), being equal, and
such preference given to articles of American
production produced on the Paclfio Coast to
¦ extent of consumption required by the publlo
service there. Information furnished on ap-
plication to J. M. MARSHALL. Assistant
Quartermaster General, . U. a Army. Chief
Quartermaster. ¦ ' •¦
SEALED proposals will be received at the
office of the Ll^hthous* Engineer. San Fran-
cisco. Cal.. until 12 o'clock m. Monday, July
22. 1991, and then opened, for fumlrtting mis-
cellaneous articles, comprising hardware, en-
gineers' supplies, lumber and paint. In ac-
cordance with specifications, copies of which,
with blank proposals and other Information,
may b" had upon application to Major Chas.
V K. L. B. Davis. Corps of Engineers, U. S. A.,
Engineer. - _^
MABBIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were Issued
yesterday:
Joteph Mattoon, 29. 1306 Polk street, and
Clara M. Fuller, 21, 716 Hayes street
Charles H. Gruver, 26, 735 Turk street, and
Mamie Foley. 22. 284 Dore street.
John N. Meyer. 27, 1234A Green street, and
Anna Peterson. 25. San Jose.
Otto F. Lange, 23, city, and Lizzie J. Mur-
phy, 22, city. \ ' .
Phillo R. Petersen, 36, 405 Geary street, and
Dora I. Todd. 25. St. Clalr, Mo.
Edward L. Hart. 28, Mariposa. and, Ida M.
Marlon. 18, Mariposa.
? Henry Heydenaber, 32, 1619 Dupont street,
and Annie Reffll, 28, 1621 Dupont street.
Henry Younsr, 28, 3237 Harrison street, and
Minnie Henkel, 22. Thirteenth avenue.
George E. Carey. 37, 109 . Mont jromery street,
and Jennie E. Chambers, 29, 1027 Mission fit.
John G. Besse, 28, 64 Hyde street, and Ethel
E. Forester. 19. 848 Larkln street.
Joseph F. Carey, 23, Oakland, and Etta
Dahnteen, 23, Antloch. -^ - i
San Mateo County.
Mt. Olivet Cemetery,
OFFICE 816 MARKET STREET.
. - J. HENDERSON,' Manager.
/^fa Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
JL<!*J?J 629 KEARXY'ST. Established
HJpfjp^jatn 1S34 for the treatment of tTlvnta
IWL ,(K/Wf Di.wme*. I^«t Jlanbnod. Debility or
SWV^.'-SSa'lKi'M' wearing on body and mini] and
Diseases. The DoctarcurMwhen
ijwSwffigHB others fall. Try him. ('barges low.
H^KI^Cnrf • {Uirnnlrfil. CallorwrlUh
Dr. J. JT. Olttnox. saa Francisco. Cal. _ .
CALIFORfltt NORTHWESTERS RI. CO.
LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO AHD NORTH PACIFIC
* - RAILWAY COMPANY.
TIburon Ferry. Foot of Market St.
San Francisco to San Rafael.
WEEK DATS-7:3O. 9:00. 11:00 a. ro.; 13:33.
t:30, 6:10. «:30 p. ra. Thursdays— Extra trip
at ll:>0 p. m. Saturday*— Extra trips at 1:40
and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDATS-8:00. 1:80, 11:00 a. m.; 1:30. I:M.
1:00. 6:20 p. m.
San Rafael to San Francisco.
WEEK DAY8-«:10. 7:50. t:tO. 11:10 a. m.; M;«,
1:40. 6:18 p. m. Baturdaya— Extra trips at 1:M
and 6:13 p. m.
8UNDAY8-8:io. 1:40. 11:19 a. m.; 1:40, 1:40.
6:06. 6:25 p. m.
' Leave I In Effect I Arrlv»
Ban Francisco. [April 18. 1301.1 San Francisco.
Week I Sun- ' I I Bun- I Weak
Days. I days. I Destination. I daya. I Day a.
7:30 am 8:00 am Novato.' ' 10:40 am 1:40 am
I: JO pm 1:30 am Petaluma. COS pm 10:23 am
6:10 pm 6:00 pm Santa Rosa. 7:83 pm 1:20 pm
Fulton.
7:30 am Windsor. 10:13 am
6:00 pm Healdtburs. 10:40 axn
Lytton.
Geyaervllle.
» :30 pm 8:00 am Cloverdal*. 7:83 pm <:20pm
7:30 ami 8:00 pml Hopland 110:40 am|10:M am
8:30 pml 8:00 ami and Uklah. | 7:33 pml 6:tO pm
7-30 am W ;4 ° ara W:!3 * m
8:00 am Guernevllle. 7:35 pm
1:33 pm 8:00 pm . <:29 pm
7-30 am 8:06 am Sonoma 8:13 ami S;40 am
and
5:10 pm B:00pm Glen Ellen. l;08 pml »:20 pm
7:39 ami 8:C0 ami 110:40 am|10:*5 am
S:30 pml 6:60 pml Sebastopol. I 7:33 pm! «:20 pm
Stages connect at Santa Ro«a for Mark West
Sprlncs and White Sulphur Springs: at Fulton
for Altruria: at Lytton for Lytton Springs: at
Oeyaervllle for Skaggs Springs: at Cloverdala
for the Geysers; at Hopland for Duncan
Springs. Highland Sprtnjrs. Kelseyvllle, Carls-
bad Springs Soda Bay. Lakeoort and Bartlett
Springs; at Uklah for Vichy Springs. Saratoga
Springs, Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake, Witter
Springs. Upper Lake. Porno, Potter Valley.
John Day's, Riverside. Llerley*a. Bucknell's.
Banhedrin Heights. HullvHle. Orr'a _Hot
Springs. Mendoclno City. Fort Brag*. West-
port. Usal. Wllllts. Laytonville. Cummins.
Bell's Springs. Harris, Olsen's. Dyer. Scotia
""Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at r*-
On Sunday round trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Office. «50 Market street. Chronlcla
' Building.
H. C. WHITING. - R. X. BYAN^
Gen. Manager.^ Pen. Pass. Agt.
B7Frien<!s and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the mortu-
ary chapel of the Golden Gate Undertaking
Company, 2429 Mission street, thence by elec-
tric funeral car from corner of . Twentieth
j and Guerrero streets at 2 o'clock. Inter-
ment Mount Olivet Cemetery.
McKEON— In this city, June 28, 1901, James,
beloved son , of Thomas and Rose McKeon,
and brother of George and Marguerite Me-
try-Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence,
2260 Alameda avenue, Alameda. Interment
Mountain View Cemetery.
LUCAS— In Oakland, June 26, 1901. Isaac 8.,
husband of Annie E. Lucas, and father of
Arthur M. Lucas, aged QD years and 1 month.
LUND— In this city. June 27, 1901, Nicolai, be-
loved husband of Anna Lund, a native of
Germany, aged 38 years. ¦ -
E7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 9:30 o'clock, from her late
residence, thence to Sacred Heart Church,
Fell and Fillmore streets, where a requiem
m&ss will be celebrated for the repose of
¦ her soul, commencing at 10 o'clock. Inter-
ment Mount Calvary Cemetery. Please omit
flowers.
LOMAX— In Alameda. Juna 27, 1901. Edith
Alice Lomax, daughter of Mr. and Mrs. R.
Lomax, a native of California, aged 14 years
6 months and 19 days. .
E^Frlends of the family are respectfully
inv-Jted to attend the funeral this day (Fri-
day), at 12:30 o'clock, from his late resl-
dencs, 17S9 Haight street, thence to U.' O. A.
M, Hall, 610 Bush street, where services will
be held under the auspices of Germania
tilar.im No. 83. TJ. O. A. M.. commencing at
1:% o'clock sharp. Interment Cypress Lawn
Cemetery.
OWIN-In this city. June 28, 1801. Mary E.
Gwin, beloved wife of the late Senator Wil-
liam M. Gwln, a native of Kentucky, aged 86
years and 22 .lays. (Washington and New
Orleans papers please copy.)
E7The funeral will take place this day
(Friday), at 2 o*clock, from her late resi-
dence, .1490 Sacramento street. Interment
private.
HAYWARD— Iri Oakland, June 17, 18QJ, Han-
nah E. Hayward, a native of Craydon, Eng-
land, aged 83 years 10 months and 7 days.
HENNEBERRY-June 27, 1801. at her resi-
dence, 645 Haight street, Catherine, widow of
- tho late Michael Henneberry, a native of
Thurles, County Tlpperary, Ireland. ! (New
OrleoriH papere please copy.)
IT7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 10 o'clook, from the Masonic
Temple, under the auspices of Fidelity Lodge
No. 120. F. and A. M.. thence to Odd Fel-
lows' Cemetery for cremation. "
FRASER— In Rio Vista, Miss Annie Fraser,
daughter of Mrs. Delia Franer and George C.
Fraser, deceased, and sister of Emery J.,
Dave W., Belle and G. G. Frassr, all of Rio
Vista, a native of Rio Vista.
GALLIOAN— In this city. June 25. 1901. James
Gslligan, a native of Ireland, aged 72 years.
JCTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 9:45 o'clock, -from the parlors of
J. C. O'Connor & Co.. 767 Mission street,
thence to St. Patrick's Church, where a sol-
emn requiem high mass will bo celebrated
for the repose of his soul, commencing at 10
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
GOEBEL— In this city, June 28. 1901. at his
residence. 17S9 Haight street. Charles, dearly
beloved husband of Emanda Blumer Goebel.
a native of Elbingerode, Amt Herz, Ger-
many. A member of Germania Stamm No.
S3. II. O. A. M.
ttfy Friends and acquaintances are respect-
• fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late
residence, 210 Dolores street, thence to Mis-
sion Dolores Church, where a requiem high
mass will be celebrated for the repose of her
soul at 0 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery- •
DILLEN— In this city. June 26, 1901. Jeeae E.,
husband of Clara B. Dlllen, father of Jesse
and Chester Dlllen. and brother of O. F. and
D. M. Dlllen and Mrs. James M. Wallace, a
native of Indiana, aged 49 year*. (Logans-
port papers plea»e copy.)
ICTTrlends and acquaintances ar« respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
Sunday, . June . 30, l?01, at Z o'clock, at the
First Congregational Church, corner Twelfth
and Clay streets. Oakland, under the aus-
pices of El Capitan Division No. 115. O. R. C.
Interment Mountain View Cemetery.
EISENBRAUN— In Oakland. June 26, 1&01, at
the German Old People's Home; Henry Els-
enbraun, a native of Germany, aged 70
years 6 months and 12- days.
ELFELT— In this city, June 28, 1901. Joseph,
brother of the late Alfred P., Augustus B.
and Edwin Elfelt, a native of Philadelphia,
aged 65 years 8 months and 27 days. (Phila-
delphia papers please copy.)
ETTrlends are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral Bervlces this day (Friday),
at 2 o'clock, at the Swedish Lutheran
Church, Mission street, between Eighth and
Ninth. Interment private. Please omit flow-
ers. . ¦
BROWN— In this city, June 27, 1901, Rosalia
" *de Haro, beloved wife of the late Charles
Brown, and beloved mother of William A.
Andrews, Mrs. C. B. Mahon, Amelia Brown,
Mrs. F. E. Coler and Mrs. F. P. McQulnn,
a native of California, aged 72 years ; 10
months and 23 days.
tyrhe funeral will take place to-morrffW
(Saturday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the rasl-
dence of his parents. 810 Lyon street, thence
to Holy Cross Church, where a mass will be
celebrated for the repose of his soul at 9
! o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
BLACKLOCK— In this city, June 27, 190L Tere-
sa Louise, beloved wife Of the late James
Blacklock. and mother of Mrs. Manley Rob-
erts and Annie. Jessie, William and John
Blacklock, a native of Scotland, acred 63
years. . '
BLAIR— In this city, January 27. 1901, at her
residence. SXS)7 Sacramento street, Kate, be-
loved wife of William Blair, and mother of
J. F. McKenna. Mrs. Mamie Phillips, Mrs.
Nellie Ellenbunr, Mrs. W. H. Wheeler and
Miss Emily and Willie Blair, a native of
Galena. 111., aged 62 years 8 months and
10 days.
CTNotlce of funeral hereafter.
BOHM— In Mill Valley, Cal., June 26, 1901,
Wllhelm Ulrich Bohm. dearly beloved hus-
band of Beda Bohm (nee Sandelin), a na-
tive of Sweden.
AHERN— In this city, June 27, 1801. Francis
I., son of Maurice and Margaret Ahern, a
native of San Francisco, aged 23 years. . .
DIED. .
Ahern. Francis I. McSwlggen. Edward
Blacklock, Teresa Mahon, Charles B.
Blair, Kate Mllatovlch, Antonio
Bohm, Wllhelm TJ. Morgenroth, Caroline
Brown, Rosalia de H. Muir, Robert McD.
Dlllen, Jesse E. Nelson, Ellen
Elfelt, Joseph O'Connor, Mary
Elsenbraun, Henry Opdyke, Peter •
Fraser, Mlra Annie Powers, James W.
Galligan, James Qulgley, Annla M.
Goebel, Charles Rauseh, William
Gwin, Mary E. Richardson, Catherine
Hayward, Hannah B. Rlley, Elizabeth C
H^nneberry, Cather- Rlley, Rose
lne Sherry. Henry S. "
Lomax. Edith A. Smith, Martha I.
Lucas, Isaac S. Weller. Prof. Richard
Lund, Nicolai ' Whelan. Elizabeth
McKeon, James
RAILWAY TBAVEL.
{&$£] ' BOEN/
CAMPBELL— In this city, June 8, 1901, to tht
wife of . Charles R. Campbell, a son.
CONDROTTE— In this city, June 26, 1901. to
the wife of Louis J. Condrotte. a son.
EZEKIEL-In this city, to the wife of Ed H.
Ezeklel. a daughter. ¦
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be Inserted. They must be handed
In at either of the publication offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published. ,
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.United States District Judge de Haven
has dismissed the suit of Jacob Simon vs.
the schooner Energy and Joseph Cuneo
It appearing to the court that Mr. Cuneo
was not the owner of the vessel.
Maritime Libel Dismissed.
The Board of Bank Commissioners re
port that the People's Bank and the Na
tional Bank of Pomona have consolidated
under the name or the latter. The busi
ness of the town does not warrant the
existence of both Institutions and it is
expected that the combination will l>©
beneficial both to the public and the cor
porations.
Pomona Banks Consolidate.
Wonders the amateur, taking his first
photos. You can obtain a satisfactory
negative by using our latest Premo, Poco
and Eastman cameras. We have an ever
fresh stock of supplies and are continually
adding novelties. Sanborn, Vail & Co.,
741 Market street. •
To Be or Not to Be?
Judge Sloss has appointed the Union
Trust , Company receiver of the money
and property now in the hands of Thomas
C. Jacqu'es; which it is alleged he secured
through the exercise of undue influence
from aged Joseph O'Hare. Jacques
through his attorneys. Knight & Hegger
ty and ex-Governor Budd, made a long
fight to prevent the appointment of a re
ceiver, but their efforts were without
avail. "
Receiver for Jacques' Property.
Dr. W. B. Coffey, chief surgeon of the
Market-street Railway Company, is a pa
tient at the Southern. .Pacific.. Bailroad
Hospital. He has been confined to his ,bed
for the last two days by a severe attack
of rheumatism. The physicians . at the.
hospital will not permit any one to see
him. as he must have absolute quiet.
Dr. Coffev has been ailing for the last
month, but has continued to attend his pa
tients. He was advised by friendsto take
a vacation, but- always put it off because
he was too busy. -¦' ,
Dr. Coffey Is a member of the Board
of Health and is prominent in social and
fraternal organizations. He has many
friends, and all regret that he is ill and
trust he will soon be convalescent.
FB0MUTENT PHYSICIAN
• . CONFUTED TO HIS BED
Dr. W. B. Coffey Suffering' From. a
Severe . Attack of Rheu
matism, t .
The Retail Grocery Clerks' Protective
Union met last night at Saratoga Hall and
decided to reopen the charter roll of the
union. This action was taken at the re
quest of about 100 grocery clerks who de
sire to become members. At the con
clusion ' of the regular business of the
meeting, the 'following officers were in
stalled: President, J. F. Keefe; vice pres
ident. Ed Hagemann; secretary and walk
ing delegate, John McCaffery; treasurer,
Jacob Foge.
The Ship Drillers' Union has elected the
following officers: W. P. Schrader, presi
dent; B. P. Byers, .recording secretary;
W. Richards, financial . secretary; J. C.
Quinn, ; treasurer; C. Sullivan, sergeant-at
arms. •' * •
Chairman, N. Uickelsbure: vice chairman,
Samuel Urbansky; recording- and corresponding:
secretary, Isldor Jacoby; financial secretary,
Jafcob Samuel: treasurer, H. Chemnlck;
trustees — M. Rothetein, A. Mljler, P. Cit
ron: inside guard, H. Richman; ex
ecutive board— P. Left. S. J. Smith. A. lliller,
S. Schumlowitz. C. Neeb. B. Herzbrun, J.
Coll: delegates to Labor Council— I. Jacoby, M.
Rothsteia
The Electrical Workers will present a
new schedule of wages for the signature
of their employers after July 1. The new
schedule calls for an increase of 50 cents
per diem in wages.
At a meeting of the Cloakmakers' Union
held Wednesday night the following of
ficers were elected:
At a meeting of the Building Trades
Council held last night a resolution was
adopted protesting against efforts to pre
vent the re-enactment of the Chinese ex
clusion act and calling upon the Senators
and Representatives to do all In their
power to secure this coast against Japa
nese immigration.
The council tlso adopted a resolution
decrying the publication of certain arti
cles in Town Talk.
The strikes of the ironworkers and the
cooks and waiters have developed no
changes materially during the laBt twen
ty-four hours. It is now almost a fore
gone conclusion that the butchers will not
interfere in the contest between the res
taurant-keepers and their employes.
1
Dr. C. D. Balflcld will apply for a writ
of injunction to-day to prevent the Board
of Public Works, the Board of Education
and Xewsom & McNeil, contractors, from
proceeding with the work of improve
ments to the Dudley Stone School. The
contract was recently let for the erection
of a third story to the building at a cost
of J7979.
Associated with Dr. Salfield as plaintiffs
Jn th« case will be J. P. Klncaid. W. B.
Hunt. H. Templcman and Mrs. Annie
Martin, residents in the vicinity of the
school.
The injunction will be applied for on
the ground that section C3, or No. 2927. of
the sreneral orders of the Board of Su
pervisors, limiting the height of frame
buildings to fifty-five feet is violated in
the contract, and that no ordinance grant
ing a special privilege was passed. The
further ground will be urged that the ad
jacent property will be injured in value by
the proposed improvement.
Taxpayers who are opposed to the
building of a third story on this primary
school claim that the building would be
come unsafe for young children. Thev
say further that the play gTOund is now
inadequate for the children, and that a
new site should be secured in a portion of
the district where children are now com
pelled to go too great a distance to reach
the. Dudley Stone School.
The Board of Education held a special
meeting yesterday and adopted plans for
the addition of two new stories to the
Buena Vista School. Commissioner Man
son of the Board- of Public "Works said
that the cost of the improvement will be
$11,000. The interior and exterior of the
structure are to be finished in the same
manner and of the same material and de-
EigT> as the present building. The board
also adopted plans for improvements to
the- Fremont School at an estimated cost
of •$1650.
The salary demands of the deputy
school superintendents were ordered paid.
Directors Kincaid, .Mark and Casserly
voting in favor of the resolution. ¦ --
Plans Are Adopted for Ad
ditions to the Buena
Vista Building.
Oppose Improvement of
the Dudley Stone .
School.
PARENTS SEEK
AN INJUNCTION
Meat Dealers to Continue
Selling to All the
Restaurants.
No Change in Conditions Sur
rounding the Striking
Ironworkers.
BUTCHERS WILL
NOT INTERFERE
tlon Is the election of the permanent board
of directors, which will take place on
July 16. ' . .
Of fill the provisions In the new by-laws
perhaps none, has excited more Interest
among business men generally than part
of section 3, article V, which reads;
The committee on trade and commerce shall,
bo far a* practicable, establish relations with
similar associations at leading commercial
points In our own and other countries, to. the
end that uniformity of practice and usage may
tie attained In all matters of common Interest,
It Is felt pretty generally that this para*
graph covers one of'tbe great needs of
the. modern commercial world, and that
ft reform of tha ktnrt brought about on
the initiative qf.tbe Ban pVanPlsof) 1 Jtfr»
uhange would glvs to the loe»l body a
prestige as wide bs the world,
just before tha adJonrnmer»fe of (h.«
meeiin", Ohflfrmsn WoNeap snnounpad fls
|n^ P^mff^A e »j?» ngrnjnsilQiia A, aerberd.
iiitf, «. H, IV.ihI and W. 8, Mlgh«Jl,
Verus cures piles', or; $50 reward. 'All, up.
to-date druggists sell and guarantee it *
"^reluctantly passed him the time
piece; which Is. worth 'about $2, but after
examining it he handed it back to me
with the remark that. he was not! in the
habit of taking: 'cheap stuff.': He then
ordered me to move on and I lost no time
in reaching my home." "
Murphy describes .the robber as being
about five feet eight Inches in height and
weighing in the - neighborhood . of <¦¦ ISO
pounds. The description of- the robber
fits that of the man who Is responsible for
several hold-ups committed on the South
Side during the last -.two -weeks.
"I had left some • friends - at ' Fourth
street," said Murphy • when telling his
story to the police, "and was within* a
short distance of; my; home when the rob
ber, who was masked,-" ordered'-. me .to
throw up my hands.; Realizing ; , that ' he
meant business, I. did as he told me, and
as my hands went up • he , proceeded - to
search my pockets. Finding Bome : silver
in the pocket of- my trousers he ordered
me to "shell out," which I> did. ; After I
had handed him I the money he noticed
that I had a watch and -demanded it. i
Shortly after." 1~ o'clock Wednesday
mornino: Murphy was ¦ held up within a
few feet of his home and made: to dis
gorge at the point of ' a" revolver. ..The
robber, after taking all the money he had,
amounting to $6 CO, ordered him to make
himself "scarce" . under penalty ' of • being
killed. ¦¦ ;¦
, Captain Seymour and ¦ his . men are
searching for a' lone robber who has been
operating south; of' Market, street. The
latest victim is J. E. Murphy, an attor
ney, who lives at 255 Natoma : street."
J. E. Murphy Yields Up
Money to. Daring
Robber.
FOOTPAD TAKES
ATTORNEY'S COIN
• In the prettydining-room of the Cosmo
politan Hotel, at Fifth- : and Mission
streets; last night, 'the Knights of Tara
banqueted Major John McBride. the man
who did such gallant service with his
Irish legion fighting- for the Boers In the
•Transvaal. .The tables, were decorated
with red popples ,and ferns, the colors tn
.honor of .the on* hundred and third An
niversary of the shooting of Father Mur
phy,-leader of. the Wexford patriots. •
After the discussion of an elaborate
menu John Burns, chairman and toast
master,, bade the . guest of tho evening
welcome, in an eloquent speech. Major
McBride, responding, apologized for the
absence . of Father . Yorke, Father Ry
an and Father. McDonald.
"I fought- for. the. Boers,'* he went on,
because they were fighting tor freedom
But If they. had been all the English rep
resented them.to-be I. would still have
fought for them; because they were fight
ing England.; What. a strait is the Brit
ish empire in to-day, when It cannot reuel
the invasion of. a few armed farmers'
Where would it, be in the event of war
with any , first-class power, as the United
States, France or * Russia? After three
months of such war, there would be noth
ing left of Britain's empire but an evil
memory." * •
™? he speaker j>ald an eloquent' tribute to
Miss Maud Gonne • and called upon all
Irishmen to labor for Irish liberty, to the
end that those who. come, after them In
America might meet the consideration ac
corded a- race of freemen.; His remarks
were greeted with tumultuous applause
Following ; the "principal speech there
was- music by Professor D'Arcy. John
« or w est m res P° n ded < to • the toast, . "The
Wolfe Tone. Club, of Oakland," Mr. O*il
vio sang, and Colonel Thomas a. Barry
?? ok ?v'.J. 0 ' the ' toast. "The Celtic Union."
Mr.>O Sullivan gave selected Irish melo
dies qn the violin. ; ,M. J. Coakley recited
Thomas Francis Meagher's "Address
From the Dock." R. B. Kay sang.
Major Fahey responded to "Our Uont"
and C. B. Flanagan to "The Irlah-Araer-
Those who sat down at table were:
Major John . McBride, Colonel T A Barry
Major William Fahey ' V. Burke, C, 'nodden!
John eheenan, John Collins, Joseph Hesalon'
O..B. O'Reilly, Matt J, Connelly. y J, gheenan
R Bheenan, Thomas Connelly, Mfchael OrlCfln
John O'Kana. Thomas J, Healey, John Uurns
iTofeasor D'Aroy, M. J, Ifart, J, B. Cosifiavn
Thomas Watson, John J, O»)lagher, William
Mulvin, M, Ryan, Kd Nunan, j j. dummlngs,
1 L Uolan, W, N, Ogllvla, It.' H. Kay, Thoma«
MoOMln. Stephen MpHHlrH, W, Btsplefan, MUh,
Bel J, Qonnelly. M J, Helton, J. P, Dol»n, J,
President Oatho!? Knight* of Amerlcaj Oaptaln
JVJi-GftHlnan, PrBtment ffttnep forM branch
n/tha flaellfl Ujh.jM, go«k|ey, JVM- Hani
rahan, John Forrest, p, J, 'Peieftantjv tfrman
William Me«ulrp, f.'ymjii John QHinn, B, J,
Major McBride Banquet
ed by Knights of
Tara.
IRISHMEN HONOR
TRANSVAAL HERO
Permanent Board of Directors,
j Aft«rth§ unanimous adoption of the hy«
laws,- the meeting e4journiad\ . \. ',
Th» next step Cn order in tha orfanlia-
The meeting then proceeded to the adop
tion of the by-laws for the new organiza
tion. Inasmuch as all the members had
been supplied with copies and had read
them carefully, it was moved by A. Ger
berding that the reading be dispensed
with. General Thomas Clunla objected to
this method of procedure, the- matter be
ing somewhat important, and the secre
tary was Instructed to read the pamphlet,
the mernberB to follow him and make any
objections they might consider well taken
after the reading.
Secretary Friedlander had got aa far
as the fourth section, when General Clunie
discovered that he was the only man pres
ent who had not familiarized himself with
the by-lawa, and he arose to withdraw his
objection, Further reading was then dis
pensed with, and after. an objection to
the clause allowing the board of dlreatora
to spend money for purposes of the ad»
vancement of the trade of the city had
been made and voted down, the hy*lawa
as a whole were adopted, They are rie»
Plgnert to cover the whole purpose of iha
new organisation, whfoh is tp unite ihe
business community of San Franpfspo
more Plqsely and (to Insure the hftrnjonU
oils working of ell Influences tending to
I he InnreabH pf Its commewlal greatnasp,
Adoption of By-Laws.
The by-laws had been prepared for some
days in advance by a committee appointed
for that purpose, and the charter mem
bers had been furnished with printed cop
ies. The meeting was called to order by
George W. McNear, president of the pro
visional organization, who stated very
briefly tho objects of tho gathering.. Tho
first business was the naming of a com
mittee of three to nominate a ticket to
be voted for at the election to be held on
July 16 to choose a permanent board of
directors for the new exchange.
On motion of E. B. Pond, the chairman
was directed, to name a nominating com
mittee of three, with the recommendation
that it nominate as directors the sixteen
gentlemen who at present constitute the
board of directors of , the exchange.' These
gentlemen are Henry F. Allen, William
. Babcock, Thomas Brown, Andrew Carrl
gan, B. Faymonville, E. W. Hopkins, L.
Kauffman. George W. McNear, Leon
Sloes, Claus Spreckels, William H. Crock
er. R. P. Schwerin, F, W. Van Bidden,
William H. Talbot and F. W. Zeile.
About 300 of tho leading merchants and
business men of this city met at the rooms
of th© Merchants' Exchange yesterday af
ternoon to consider and adopt the code of
by-laws prepared to gtsvern the new Mer
chants' Exchange, which It is proposed to
form, and which is Intended to take In all
the commercial bodies of San Francisco. -
Hold Well-Attended j
Meeting.
Merchants of tHe City
NEW EXCHANGE
ADOPTS LAWS
San Francisco Is peculiarly situated in the
theatrical way. It costs money to bring
the best attractions out here and then a
constant change of faces is demanded, so
that in engaging people we can only offer
them a short season. But now we are so
placed that we will be able to offer long
engagements and at the same time keep
bringing out new people. Then another
thing. Take the scenic features, in an
elaborate production like 'Uncle Tom's
Cabin.' They entail a heavy outlay as
things now stand. With our chain of
theaters all can be shipped on to the other
houses and with very little expense. made
to serve in the production at them. At
Alcazar Theaters on the same lines as w<
have in the past.
"People want amusements and the
atrical entertainments at popular prices
and we have succeeded now In reaching a
position where we will be able to glvt
them the very latest and best in the
dramatic line at popular prices. We havt
also concluded arrangements with some
of the very best players In the country,
and you may rest assured that our firm
will hold no second place as purveyors ol
amusements."
Mr. Belasco says i the complete details
of the new arangement will be made
known soon. .
the Central Theater we have ample room
for the executive 'offices, painthouses
and supply warerooms, so that we can
prepare, equip and rehearse the organiza
tions sent out to the other theaters.
'"Robert Downing will be director gen
eral- of the productions put on at all the
theaters in our circuit, and will supervise
and organize the road companies which
will be sent out bv us. He Is a master in
such lines and that he has consented to
assume this trust Is an assurance that
our productions and people will be of the
very highest class. We have acquired
rights to the very best plays extant and
will- continue to conduct the Central and
MEMBERS OF THE SAN FRANCISCO THEATRICAL FIRM THAT HAS SE
CURED FULL CONTROL OF NINE THEATERS. AND THE VETERAN
ACTOR WHO WILL BE GENERAL DIRECTOR OF THE NEW CIRCUIT.
t ¦.-¦¦¦ i ¦ . i %
THE SAN FBATSTCiSCp CALL,^
Well-known Theatrical Managers Complete All Arrangements for
. . High-Grade Performances Throughout : Pacific Coast/
BELASCO AND THALL IN CONTROL
OF NINE HRST-GLASS PLAYHOUSES
pp-ns-s^ HE theatrical firm of Belasco &
. I Thall of this city Is now In abso
1 lute control of nine of the largest
ix playhouses we.«t . of the Missouri
• River. 1 The . final arrangements
were completed In Chicago yesterda'y by
Mark Thall, whose brief telegram to his
partner. Fred Belasco, Informs him that
tho two playhouses required to complete
the chain of theaters In the Belasco, &
Thall circuit hawe been acquired. The
telegram is as follows:
, CHICAGO, Jun* 24.
Fred Belasco: Have arranged two theater*. ;
Leave for New York Wednesday.
MARK THALL.
, The acquisition of these two houses per
fects the arrangements which the enter
prising firm has had long under, contem
plation In order to place It In a position
to provide the very highest class of en- -
tertalnment at popular prices.
Fred Belasco, in an interview at the
Central Theater last evening, had no hesi
tarcy in announcing the success of the
firm's negotiations.
"Don't imagine for an instant," said
Mr. Belasco, "that we have formed • a
trust in order to control territory ' or
freeze out other combinations. In having
a large number of theaters we will be
enabled to deal better with our patrons.
12
UNITED STATES BRANCH.
—OF THI>— *
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
—OF TH&-1. . . _ „
SCOTTISH UNION
AND NATIONAL
INSURANCE COMPANY.
OF EDINBURGH. Scotland, oa tho Slit day
of December. A. D. 1900. and for tbs y«*r
ending on that day. a* made to the Imurane«
Commissioner of th.? State of California pur-
suant to the provisions of sections 110 tad CU
of the Political Code, condensed as per blank
furnished by the Commissioner.
ASSETS.
Real Estate owned by Company..^. $2iS.i57 89
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages...... 1,064.060 17
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company.. 2,040,36) M
Amount of Loans secured by pl«ds»
of Bonds. Stocks, and other mar-
ketable securities as collateral..... J.soo oo
Cash In Company's Ofilce UX T4
Cash In Banks — 513.537 93
Interest due and accrued - on , all
Stocks and Loans 33.403 40
Interest due - and accrued oa Bonds
and Mortgages 13,839 S4
Premiums in due Course of Collec-
tion 431.135 U
Total Assets .........S4.S13.S83 SO
LIABILITIES. ; =====
Losses adjusted and unpaid $75,253 SI
Losses In process of Adjustment . or
In Suspense : .-.. 1S1.4U 77
Losses resisted. Including; expense*.. 13.3C0 00
Grose premiums on ' Fire Risks run-
ning one year or less, $1,390,594 73;
reinsurance CO per cent..; 893,297 87
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning more than one year. - $1,951.-
096 71: reinsurance pro rata MO, 491 gs
Due and accrued -for salaries, rent,
etc 8,000 W
All other liabilities US, 174 07
Total Liabilities ........S2.0SS.32S n
INCOME. , ==
Net cash actually* received for Fire
premiums 1 8,933,594 S3
Received for Interest ¦ on • Bonds and
Mortgages 80.288 T»
Received for Interest ¦ and dividends
on Bonds, Stocks,. Loans, and from
all other sources...................;.. 77,831 n
Received for Rents.......... 3,139 gj
Total Income 12.CSO.073 Si
EXPENDITURXS.'; ' /
Net amount paid for Flra'.' Lowes
(including S248.295 25, losses of pre-
vious years) ..S1.389.SM 71
Fatd or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage ....:...;.;........:;.¦.;;.... 893.4SS «l
Paid for Salarleir, ¦ Fees, and other
charges for officer^ .clerks, > etc.... «,M0 C7
Paid for State.' National and Local
taxes ............•....*..... ...4,.... 84.M4 90
All other payments and expenditures U6.2S3 50
Total Expenditures I I2.075.J13 SI
' • '• Fire.
Losses Incurred during th« y«*r SL343.071 72
Risks and Premiums.- | Fire Risks. | Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
written during th» '•'¦- r
Tear S3S7.4S0.804 S3.433.140O
Net amount of Rlski
expired during the
year 115,081,851 t.MS.m 41
Net amount In force . ¦ ¦ >
December 31. 1900..... 382,870,794 8.341.8*1 48
JAB, H. BREWSTER, U. S. Manager.
;;¦•./.'¦ Hartford, Conn.
Subscribed and sworn to before me thU 831
day of January, 1901.
k»jy*j CLARKSON N. FQWLER.
Notary Public.
T. J. A. TIEDEMANN,
General Agent Pacific Coast Oepartmsnt,
480 CALIFORNIA 6TRRRT,
Baft D»poslt Bwlldtm»
" ' '"""* ' "'' "^J-l^-J— |IIWI1III ¦!».—¦
pure PflVlll -asaawsJ
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
, ' '- • ' ¦
Pretty Galateas in Wash Suits; Jif'g VJ3l
about J50 of 'em; 75c values — ti&JY y&9
QQ C $5, $6 and $6.50 suits—
+Jp 43r*" special,
$2 and $2.50 vafues, a4 Q
-W#C5*^ That manly little suit for boys
— (a ? e S 9to>6 7ears),withamanl7
All of our handsomest "Wash little double-breasted vest, in hand-
Stiits— in Galateas, in Oxfords ; some Scotches, "Worsteds, a!so Blue
$2 and $2.50 and' even $3 suits. Cheviots. Regular $5, $6 and
They must go— special, $6.50 values — special
Union SquAcc Avc
Three-pJec» Mahogany Parlor S<?t.
upholstered In satin tapestry or valour ¦
•••¦ • fltt.OO
Get an estimate i from us on every-
thing required to furnish your entire
establishment. Credit and free dellv- -
•ry within 100 .miles. "We close at six.
T. BRILLIANT
FURNITURE CO.,,
338-342 POST STREET,
Opposite Union Square. .
MUNYON'S
RHEUMATISM
i CURE «
When _ Prof. Munyon says, his Rheumatism
Care will cure rheumatism there isn't any guess-
work about it— there isn't any false statement about
It. It cures without leaving any ill effects. It is a
¦plendid stomach and nerve tonic, as well as a posi-
tive cure for rheumatism. ' i . "i-
All the Munyen remedies are just as reliable, * jc.
rial.. The Guids to Health is free., Munyon, New
Vork and Philadelphia. . . ;.';',',
XUXY0.VS IXUiLEE CUBES CATABBBL
i visit DR. JORDAN'S great 4
{MUSEUM OF ANATOMY'
9 6$ 105U£AS2ZTSr.t8*.. 6±*7'Ji, S.r.CaJ. :
•' -A '*¦'¦ ST w Th i5 LVje" Anatomical Mujcum In the
H irim^ world. Weaknesses or any contracted i I
• JFOl S P« c ' ili^ n '»> e C<i s r ir E i 1. h J S t yea rL de "o
i fl*K» § DR « JORDAN-DISEASES OF MEN 2
\ I vlSwl -Consultation free and strictly private. \
f I W&n Il~i m /« P«nonall, er, by Utter" A 4
\ i If II R rtnt " > * Cw»ine»eryea»eunden«ken. . W
\ i- II "A»«1A«K. MAILED HEE. Uf
i <M Uf *»'u»We book for mm) . . "" lo * • A \
f D». JORDAN* CO., 1M1 Market St., S. F. f
DR.MQMJLTY.'
*r r£P,?? « ' ™i Te \ P. 1 , 00 ? p »'»on, ( jonorrhcau, GlerL
plHed pinnrfierB, Hook on Diseases ol Men, til*.
ftHOT^/C" W eilCB - r * >rn » '«w»n«bKtoiKt
i»f>8daHy|(|;30to*,ao«T'g!i.8iui(lay ! . > ioto 12, OinauU
tftilonfreaandsttoredlyconflrlentfai: iwi 0 ;ad4*eM
MM m,, Won I'laiH-iwcf,, ija I
IA/. T. HBS9,
JfOTARY POPMO A»D ATTORHIY.AT.tAW, i
HtiiaciMff.'lli i?*llf«rn»ra V,|ow p*wilb,
Ban rfBn*u«M« t
)]]! tp^fef • y v s. We have endless /
II ¦' fl* g~ Black' Shoes in our /((
f/i.i 1 f "> many departments Vy)
I which will be sold at (((
' ridiculously low prices, jt
((( *^ a * e commenc ' n §r to-morrow, June 29. . jjj
\ There has never before been a time when buyers III
M could secure footwear of the Highest quality at prices II l\
v\\ that will prevail during this sale. To give an ink- \\\\
JJJj ling as to the great sacrifice we make, here are (a
Ng) quoted a few prices that certainly are of interest to II
• Jffl) every one who wears shoes. Ill
jj] Men's $5, $6 and $7 Shoes (in small sizes), 50c VA
/7/ and $1 per pair. )j)(
\\\ Ladies', $4, $5 and $6 Oxfords and Shoes (bro- iV
Aft ken lots), 50c and $1 per pair. (I I
\vj Call and see what we can do for you. Watch for //
III to-morrow's papers. They will give more detailed ' m
vv\ descriptions and prices. )/
'Si »v| III *RV*Wlliy ICStlm
JJJJ naboe** -pw A'**. _ J^ )\]\