VOLUME XCI.-NO 25.
BALTIMORE SYNDICATE MAKES FIRST PAYMENT
AND SECURES MARKET STREET RAILWAY SYSTEM
REVOLUTION
IN VEWEZUELA
IS SPREADING
The Present Movement
Means the Downfall
of Castro.
Battleship IndianaWithin Call
in Case Americans Need
Protection.
Germany May Await the Besult of
the Uprising Before Proceeding
to Make Forcible Collection
of Her Claims.
Special Dispatch to The Cail.
, *CALL BUREAU. 140S G STREET, N.
\h, TTASHIXGTON, Dec 24.— In the
epre*d of th« revolution in Venezuela, re
ported tills morning from Fort de France,
administration officials see the downfall
of President Castro.
Seaor Puldo, Venezuelan Charge d'Af
faires, refuses to discuss the revolution
ary situation, but other prominent Vene
zuelans here claim that Castro has not
yet lost his influence and power, and they
predict that he Trill quell the revolution
as promptly as he did tne revolutionary
movements irhich penetrated Venezuela
from Colombia.
•'President Castro is not like President
An grade," said one of these men. "An
dra.de remained in the yellow house at
Caracas and Intrusted the direction of
military movements to subordinate gen
«*r»*-. Castro, on the other hand, •will go
hidsclf Jz&g, %&t field. He is supported
!>>£ft r "• -.' '-'• ■■■° 09 men. The revolution
isxr h£it> only % few hundred men under
I-Iatos Lreads
General Matos, now at Fort de France,
5s believed here to be the head of the rev
olutionary movement. He is not a military
mso, biit a. financier, and has held the
position of Secretary of the Treasury In
several cabinsts. He is rich and his own
funds are at the disposal of the revolu
tionists. The latter are well equipped and
•well armed, though email in numbers,
and it is admitted even by the most de
voted of Castro's adherents that the
President will have difficulty ln defeat-
Ing them.
Minister Bowen has been instructed to
keep the State Department advised of any
developments in the revolutionary situa
tion.
Indiana Within Call.
The battleship Indiana has arrived at
Curacao, it is believed by the Navy De
partment, and is therefore within call of
La Guayra should an outbreak at Caracas
imperil the safety of the American Lega
tion or American interests.
Reports from Berlin indicate that Ger
many ■will await the result of the revo
lution before carrying out her programme
to compel Venezuela to satisfy the claims
held by Germans. The State Department
does not believe, from advices in its pos
session, that Germany will hesitate, but
rather expects it to make a naval demon
stration Ehortly, and if it is not suc
cessful in effecting a satisfactory settle
ment, to occupy the port of La Guayra
and collect the customs.
BEVOLUTION IS SPEEADING.
One Battle Is Fought Within Fifty
Miles of Caracas.
PORT DE FRANCE, Island of Marti
nique. Dec. 24.— The Venezuelan gunboat
Rcstaurander left here during the night.
Her destination is unknown. The British
steamer Ban Righ, said to be loaded with
erms and ammunition intended for the
adherents of Senor Matos, has arrived
here from Antwerp, which port she left
JCovember 29. Another alleged revolution
ary vessel has been sighted to the east
ward of this island.
There was fighting yesterday in Vene
zuela, where the revolutionary movement
is spreading. The engagement took place
at Villa de Coura, about fifty miles from
Caracas, and it is reported that the revo
lutionary commander. General Luciano
Slendcza, was defeated by the Govern
ment troops.
A Fighting has also occurred in the state
«cf Caraboba, but definite news on the
subject is difficult to obtain.
A dispute has arisen between the of
ficials of the German railroad running
from Caracas to Valencia and the Gov
ernment. All traffic is suspended between
these two points and the railroad stations
are occupied by troops.
Great excitement prevails everywhere
ln Venezuela, particularly in Caracas. The
Bituation is very serious.
ASPHALT I*AKE CONTEOVERSY.
There Is a Prospect of War on the
Side Between Eival Syndicates.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 24.— The asphalt
suit which has been pending for a long
time before the Venezuelan courts has ad
vanced another step toward the end.
Some time ago the case was taken before
the court of last resort, the Supreme
Court of Venezuela, at Caracas, to deter
mine the question of title to the asphalt
lakes as between the New York and Ber-
Tj.udese Company and the Warner-Quin
lan syndicate. While this suit was pend
ing the Warner-Quinlan syndicate went
Continued on Page Four.
The San Francisco Call.
CASUALTIES
ARE SERIOUS
AT TAFELKOP
British Forces Sustain
Heavy Loss in the
Battle.
Boers Dressed as Yeomen
Kill Three t Officers and
Twenty-Nine Troopers.
Kitchener Continues to Send Reports
of Many Minor Captures, but
War in South Africa Is
Still in Progress.
LONDON, Dec. 24.— The list of casual
ties ln the engagement fought by Colonel
Damant's force at Tafelkop, Orange
River Colony, on December 20, when the
Boers, who were dressed as British yeo
men, defended a kopje against Damant's
advance guard, is heavier than was first
reported by Lord Kitchener. It now ap
pears that the British lost three officers
and twenty-nine killed and had five of
ficers and thirty-flve men wounded.
An army order issued to-night an
nounces that no volunteers will be ac
cepted In the future who are only able to
devote to training purposes the time re
quired for elementary barrack square ■
drilL The commander ln chief points out
In this connection that modern warfare
has so changed conditions that in order
that they shall be effective it is now im
perative that the volunteers attend the
annual instruction camps and field \
maneuvres.
It is generally believed that this order
will wipe out a, -large. majority of the prcs- .
ent volunteers.
The "War Office has decided to withdraw
twenty batteries of artillery from South .
Africa at once. This action is taken on j
the ground that under the present con
ditions of guerilla warfare the guns are
of little use, and are rather a hindrance
of mobility and decisive action.
Lord Kitchener in a dispatch dated Jo
hannesburg, Monday, December 23, re
ports the week's results as being forty
five Boers killed, twenty-five wounded,
S10 made prisoners and thirty-five surren
dered.
NAVY DEPARTMENT
HOMING PIGEONS
SOLD AT AUCTION
Special Dlwatch to Th« Call.
NEW YORK, Dec. 24.— The homing
pigeons of the Navy Department are to
be sold at public auction December SO.
Wireless telegraphy is to take the place
of the pigeons. Rear Admiral A. S. Bar
ker, commandant of the Brooklyn navy
yard, said to-day that he inferred the de
partment Intended to develop wireless tel
egraphy just as it has demonstrated the
value of smokeless powder.
"I suppose they will first develop wire
less telegraphy and then establish sta
tions wherever they please, 1 ' said the ad
miral. "There was a navy board appoint
ed to look into the matter some time ago.
I suppose the sale of the pigeons is the
result of their labors."
ST. JOHNS, N. F.. Dec. 24.— Signor Mar
coni left here for Ottawa this afternoon.
He expects to stay there but a short time
and hopes to reach England by January
10. The Inventor is gratified over the out
come of his controversy with the Anglo-
American Telegraph Company. One of
Marconi's assistants has accompanied him
SAN FRANCISCO, WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 25, 1901.
GYPSUM COMBINE
IS FORMED WITH
HEAVY CAPITAL
CHICAGO. Dec. 24.— The consolidation
of twenty-five companies controlling the
principal gypsum fields of the United
States was effected to-day under the name
of the Gypsum Company. The company
has a paid-up capital of $10,000,000. It will
have no bond issue and its stock will not
be offered for sale, as it has been under
written by the persons entering into the
combination. The company's avowed pur
pose is to develop the use of gypsum in
the manufacture of plaster as against
that of lime.
George D. Emery of Boston, Emil Durr,
S. T. Meservey of Fort Dodge,. la., W.
A. Avery of Detroit and Hewitt Boyco
of Kingston, N. Y., compose the advis
ory committee of the new company. .
Although incorporated in New Jersey
the principal" office of the company will
be at Chicago, with distributing branches
'at Omaha, St. Louis and Buffalo.
to Ottawa. His other assistants have re- j
turned to England, taking part of the'
wireless apparatus with them, i
SHOT BY LAWYER
WHILE AWAITING
TRIAL FOR FRAUD
BIRMINGHAM. Ala.. Dec. 24.— W. L.
Dodd, president of the- Southern Mutual
Aid Association, whose case is pending in
the United States court for alleged frauds
in the administration of his office as treas
urer, of the Birmingham Debenture Com
pany; was shot' and dangerously wounded
this v mornirig by W. M. Little, one of his
attorneys. It % is said that the shooting
was due to temporary aberration of mind.
Little having acted queerly recently.
Owing to .Dodd's > injuries the case
against him before 1 United States Com
missioner Cornish has been continued un
til January 15. ■• V ' .' ' •■'. i ■ , : .
W. M. ' Little is a prominent attorney
and was formerly United States Consul
at Honduras. -'-••• — " '
Restricted, to Russian Ships.
- LONDON, Dec. 24.— According to the St.
Petersburg .-correspondent of the Daily
Mall the Russian Minister of Marine, Vice
Admiral 'TirtornV will publish an impor
tant' order * shortly > restricting the trans
portation ;of.' troops, and merchandise be
tween ports; of European Russia and the
Far East to-: vessels flying the Russian
flag. : ,. ; .; , : - . .. ." ['/■, ; ,. .,:
FRANCE CONDEMNS
THE PUBLICATION
OF THE CARTOONS
PARIS, Dec. 21.— During. the discussion
of the budget of the Ministry of the In
terior in the Chamber of Deputies to-day
M. d'Estournclles de Constant (Repub
lican) called attention to the publication
of caricatures of foreign sovereigns, which
the Deputy strongly, condemned, pointing
out that it wounded the national senti
ments of foreigners and kept them away
from Paris, thus, injuring business.
The : Deputy's remarks were received
with mingled : applause and protests.
M. Mlllevoyc (Nationalist Republican)
said foreigners should be more considerate
of Frenchmen's. feelings and dwelt on the
mariner in which the French army had
been treated in English newspapers.
The Premier.' M. -Waldeck-Rousseau, re
plied/He said the Government condemned
the caricatures of foreign sovereigns, but
would observe the law, which provided
that prosecutions , could" only be under
taken at the request of Interested parties.
Gas Explosion Wrecks Factory.
KQKOMO,-Ind.,,Dec. 24.— By a gas ex
plosion at the plate glass factory to-day
Zachariah Chapman was killed and sev
eral other ..workmen*' were injured. - The
pothouse was ■ wrecked. .
REPUBLICS
MAY REACH
SETTLEMENT
Argentina and Chile Are
Said to Have Signed
a Protocol.
Forces to Evacuate the Ter
ritory in Dispute Pending
Arbitration.
All the Issues Involved in the Pres
ent Dispute May Be Referred
to the British Boundary
Commission.
BUENOS AYRES, Dec. 24.— The report
that Senor Concha Subercasseau, the
Chilean Minister, will renew here the ne
gotiations between Chile and Argentina
on a conciliatory basis, namely, the
evacuation by the forces of the two re
publics of the territories in dispute, ap
pears to be confirmed. A protocol in this
sense Is said to have been signed.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 24.— Encouraging
news has reached the State Department
from Buenos Ayres and the officials have
renewed confidence that there will be a
peaceful settlement of the serious dispute
between Chile and Argentina. United
States Minister Lord at Buenos Ayres
has reported by cable that the Argentine
Government has concluded not to pre^s
the demand upon Chile which threatened
to lead to hostilities, but instead has de
cided to allow the issue to go before the
boundary commission, which has for sev
eral years been engaged ln the delimi
tation of the boundary. Moreover, Lord
report* that while .the Argentine Minister
to Chile has arrived ln Buenos Ayres tha
'Argentine Legation at Santiago de Chile
has not". been* closed-, c and -'consequeiuly
'filp16~nfaijc~ felairons" between" 'the two
countries have not been interrupted, as
was supposed from the report from our
Minister in Chile. - i . ; .
Commenting upon the London reporls
to the effect that the boundary commis
sion could not deal with the pending is
sue, being limited ln functions by the
treaty which created it to the definition
of the boundary, it is pointed out that,
admitting the existence of this limitation,
there Is still no good reason why, Chile
being willing, the necessary additional
authorization may not be given the com
mission by mutual consent of the parties.
VIRGINIA TOWN
IS "SHOT UP" BY
DRUNKEN RAIDERS
WILLIAMSON, Va., Dec. 24.— Several
Logan County men rode into Dlngess, a
few miles west of here, to-day and while
intoxicated "shot up the town." The cit
izens fled in terror as plate glass windows
were cracked by flying bullets. In the
party were Walter Adams and John Mul
lins, half-brothers. Constable John Dil
lon was sent for and half an hour later
arrived and attempted to arrest the men,
when a regular street duel occurred,
probably twenty shots being fired. Con
stable Dillon and John Mullins were
killed Instantly and Adams was slightly
wounded, j The latter mounted his horse
and rode rapidly to the interior.
' Dillon is widely known. The excitement
is intense, and should Adams be captured
a lynching may occur.
Sheriff HI Williamson of this city
heads a posse that is also after Adams.
Murderous Plot Is Frustrated.
CONSTANTINOPLE, Dec. 24.— The Ma
cedonian committee, whose murderous
proceedings he had denounced, has been
frustrated in a plot for the murder of tho
Bulgarian Metropolitan of Monastlr.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
GREAT SALE
IS AT LAST
CONCLUDED
Eastern Capitalists Now
Own the San Fran
cisco Lines.
Many Changes Will Be Made
in the Present List of
Officials.
Vining, Burke and Herrin Will Ba
Asked to Resign and Local
Directors Will Be
Chosen.
The Market Street Railway system
practically changed hands yesterday.
The Baltimore syndicate paid a small
fortune to I. "W. Hellman Jr. a»
the first installment on the pur
chase price. The payment was made
In United States gold coin, which
was handed over the counter of the Union .
Trust Company's Bank shortly before the
closing hour yesterday afternoon. The
three months' option secured by the Bal
timore syndicate has been ended by the
Eastern capitalists buying the system.
The matter was brought to this abrupt
conclusion by the. report of the Eastern
bookkeepers and accountants, who on
their return to Baltimore recently stated
that the boots of the Market Street road
were perfect in every detail and that the
Market Street Company was making all
the profits claimed. Following this re
port G. R. "Webb of the Baltimore syndi
cate telegraphed Hon. Tirey L. Ford,
who is the legal representative of the
Eastern capitalists in this city, and asked
him if the requisite amount of stock was
on hand. Attorney Ford telegraphed
back that 83 per cent of the stock was in
escrow and properly indorsed, it being
in the bands of I. \V. Hellman Jr. at the
Union . Trust ..Company's -Bank. - G. R.
"Webb then "notified Attorney Ford to close
the deal, which was done yesterday.
Due to Hanford's Negotiations.
The change of ownership of the Market
Street Railway system has brought hard
work to many in the last few months.
Prominent among those who have shown
great skill and zeal in bringing about the
consummation of this great deal is R. G.
Hanford of San Francisco. Mr. Hanford
first came into prominence in arranging
the sale of the San Mateo Electric road
to the Baltimore syndicate. This deal he
accomplished with great credit to him
self. He followed, this by negotiating the
sale of the Sutter-street road, which deal
was eventually consummated.
Mr. Hanford then wrote to G. R. "Webb
of Baltimore and asked him to come to
the coast and inspect the Market Street
Railway with a view toward purchasing
it. Mr. "Webb represents the - wealthy
capitalists of Baltimore and upon Mr.
Hanford's earnest solicitations came to
San Francisco. He spent several weeks
here and thoroughly inspected the Market
Street system. At the conclusion of Mr.
"Webb's inspection he called on H. E.
Huntington and I. W. Hellman and stated
that he was anxious to purchase the road.
He stated that he was willing to place on
deposit a forfeit, but before he would pur
chase the road certain representations
which Messrs. Huntington and Hellman
had made must be verified. Experts came
out from the East and for weeks pored
over the books. They found that ail
Messrs. Huntington and Hellman had said
was true. The experts returned East and
informed Mr. Webb of the condition of
the system and he lost no time in tele
graphing Attorney Ford, asking him if
certain stock was in escrow. Mr. Ford
replied that the stock was all lying,
properly indorsed, at the bank. The
money was sent on and the deal «us
closed yesterday.
Will Select Local Directors.
The Baltimore syndicate now controls
83 per cent of the entire stock of the Mar
ket Street Railroad Company. H. E.
Huntington will no longer be president
and I. "W. Hellman will cease to be iden
tified with the street car corporation. The
Baltimore syndicate already owns many
street car systems in Eastern cities ar.d
wherever it has obtained control It has
at once become popular. Its policy is to
place local men of high standing and
popularity on the board of directors. The
directors are In touch with the people
and all complaints and petitions for im
provements are thoughtfully considered.
Under the new management the first
changes will be made in the list of offi
cials. The Baltimore syndicate will form
its own law department and "William F.
Herrin will no longer be associated with
the corporation as leading attorney. E.
P. "Vining will also be supplanted. Who
his successor will be is not at present
known, but it is an assured fact that the
Baltimore syndicate will select in hia
place a man thoroughly up-to-date. This
course has characterized its actions in the
past.
Jere T. Burke's services will also be dis
pensed with as soon as the Baltimore syn
dicate takes charge. It is known that tho
new owners are not Ln favor of having
such an expensive and unnecessary ad
junct on their payroll. Under their sys
tem of conducting business they will not
need any one to watch and attempt to
establish himself on a familiar footing
Continued on Page Four*2
KEEN HEARING
AVERTS WRECK
Engineer Prevents Sec
ond Collision at Up
lands.
Notes Click of Wheels as
Locomotive Fasces Switch
and Reverses Lever.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
EAL1XAS, Dec. 24.— Only by great good
fortune was a disastrous head-end colli
sion similar to that of last "Thursday
morning averted early this morning at
the scene of last week's wreck on the
coast line. Trains Nos. 9 and II) were to
bare passed at th* Uplands switch. When
No. 9 arrived at the siding it did r.ot
stop. The switch lights were not burn
ing. The train was passing the switch
wfien the engineer noted the click of the
wheels passing over ihe frog. He at
ence icversed the lever and applied the
emergency brakes, bringing the train to
a halt and backing to a piace of safety
just as No. 10 arrived.
Hut for the keenness of the engineer's
hearing and his prompt action a frightful
collision would have been certain. The
wonder is that, while busy about his'lo
comotive, he was attracted by the rum
ble occasioned by the crossing of the frog.
An investigation is under way to deter
mine the responsibility for the failure to
have the switch lights burning.
LOS ANGELES. Dec/ 24.-The Sunset
limited train, which arrived here early
'io-day over the Southern Pacific, was de
layed several hours at Indio during the
night through a collision with four freight
cars which had broken loose from a train
on the siding and ran on to the main
track. Engineer House was slightly in
jured and Brakeman Eiffler's* foot was
crushed. One passenger. B. W. Simpson,
•tiuffered slight injury. Engine No. 125 of
the limited train was disabled and an
other engine was substituted to bring the
train to Los Angeles. There was no
other damage to the train.
OF INTEXEST TO PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
Changes Made in the Postal Service
and Pensions and Patents
Granted.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 24.-The Postoffice"
Department to-day announced the follow
ing: Postmasters commissioned: Calif or- j
nia— Jean M. P. Poirier, Sulphur Creek;'
John C. Turner. Victor. Washington —
Frederick F. Flint, Hesselline. Postmas
ters appointed: California— A. M. Ad
dington. May, Amador County, vice E. A.
Smith, resigned. Oregon — Samuel Dixon,
Olene, Klamath County, vice G. F. Ander
son, resigned. Washington — Cora E.
Dunn, Winor.a, Whiteman County, vica
Charles Eruihl, removed.
These pensions were granted: Califor
nia — Increase — Justin D. Babcock, Heme
ta, $10; James Thompson, Powelton, $10:
Henry Stoll. Veterans' Home, Napa, $10.
Mexican War — Isaac N. Hays, Spencer
ville, $12. Widows-Mary J. Smith, San
Francisco, $8.
Washington — Origna! — Charles S. Trip
ler, Tacoma, $G; Thomas McAllister, Ta
coma. $S. Increase — George F. Fluent,
Loomis. $S.
The following patents were granted to
day: California— Samuel J. Eallard. Los
Angeles-. telephone indicator; Alfred
Braun, Los Angeles, hydrocarbon burner;
Joeeph C Cramer. Los Angeles, fountain
brush and polisher for windows; John P.
Dobbyn, Hayfork, measuring faucet;
Sophia N. E. Wischer, San Francisco,
gun sight; Charles F. Francisco, assignor
to M. E. Francisco and E. L. Matidole,
Ramor.a, paper bag holder; Charles G.
liam'oleton, East Oakland, gola-eaving
apparatus; John Handschumacker, San
Francisco, door hanger; Addison W. Hitt,
Sar. Francisco, assignor to M. G. Keith,
Clinton. N. Y., syringe; Fritz V. Lum
beck, San Francisco, trunk; Andrew C.
Miller. Corona, perforator for printing
presses; Samuel M. D. Miller, assignor
one-half to F. L. Kincaid, Stockton, screw
cutters, bevel and pitch gauge; Ralph L.
Montague, Oroville, assignor one-half to
B. S. Revell, Breckenridge. Colo., auto
matic compensatory electric reel; Paul
Morill. Elmhurst. ventilating apparatus;
Alfred Olson, San Diego, suspenders;
same, electric exercising apparatus; Wil
liam C. Organ, San Francisco, assignor
one-half to H. J. Moore, extension top
kitchen table: August H. Schierholz, as
signor Risdon Iron and Locomotive
Works. San Francisco, sugarcane loader;
William H. SnOw. fian Francisco, veloci
pede: Susan C. WolfpkJll, sidebed pan.
Oregon— John F. Bryan, Springfield, saw
swage: Ralph L. Graves. Sumpter, or*
bleaching apparatus: Frank P. Keenan,
Portland, lock; Origen M. Lawrence. Fos
tor. assignor to S. M. Long, Spokane,
gold recovering apparatus.
Washinirton— John J. Bloom and A. V,\
Mer.Eor. Seattle, garment supporter; Ed
ward C. Braner. Tekoa, harness buckle;
Fmnk D. James. Seattle, illuminator for
firearms: Carl O. Sandstrom, Spokane,
stationery device; Samuel Ware ar.d J T
Trent, Asotin, Eliding gate.
LOSES HIS LIFE WHILE - .
AT TARGET PRACTICE
Bullet From Bine in a Friend's Hands
Accidentally Kills Kern
County Man.
BAKERSFIELD, Dec. 24.-I. W. Lacey,
superintendent of the Palm Fruit Com
pany's ranch, near the station of TVasco,
was accidentally shot and Instantly killed
shortly before' noon to-day by a bullet
from a rifle in the hands, of an employe of
the ranch named Gilbert. Lacey and Gil
bert, accompanied by frier.ds, were shoot
ing at a mark. GHbert's rifle was acci
dentally discharged, the bullet striking
Lacey squarely in the forehead.
Coroner. Buckxeus of this city has been
notified and an investigation will be held
The shooting was without question acci
dental. Eacey and Gilbert were the best
or friends. Lacey was about 45 years" of
asc and had a wife and two children. :
Fairfield Water Works Burned:
BDISUN, Dec. 24.— The old FairfieTd
\vater works were destroyed bv fire this
Jtfternoon, removing from the county seat
°:VL£ f }% b ?, st know n landmarks. Tht
l «,'!, firc ls The Suisun
and Fairfle d water works, as they were
at firs-t called, were erected thirty-five
ofThVpSropeSy.*- H ° yt ™ S lhe »™
Indian Perjurer's Fate.
TACOMA. Dec. 2C— Manuel Douette! the
<n perjury in the \ancc murder trial in'
-£,? i a< ,J -as to -<2ay sentenced to t"n
V .t rs u n the Penitentiary. He refused tc
tell who induced him to* commit penury
The prisoner was 51 years old to-day.
/^ /ik*\ , What Is the cause of all this commotion among the
/ >«K A. ' P iano dealers in town? .-
/ rfni JA \ i.P ne ' s " wr 9cke<3," another Is in a "sma3h-up,"
/ fJHSvbtet*) <£$&• \ w hlle another discovers his piano3 are "old styles" and
fJk Jtifru'Si *M : -> \ yesterday started a last- year's sale and has reduced
P V H#YA^' tnc P riccs fr °™ SOO«MH» to *Vs*O.<M>, so he says.
{^pW^sS&^tti&S i Anot " er speaks of being an old 49er and therefore de-
X^W^S^&^k^ / r '£ rves SUPPORT, r.i.d so It ko<?s. Can it be that all
\%Bs«Py/>^7*^*s#7 'n^se dealers are rattled because Ludwig, Everett,
V^^S/^-^^^V Steck - Hardiv.an ar.d Packard planes nre pouring in by
S7\\£f/ the trai nload. Intended for our new store which we wlil
n n?v /iJxJSy' open up early in January at 931-933 . Market Street?.
In the meantime, if you want one of these celebrated
„ •■'-. pianos: at popular prices and on most favorable terms,
call at our wholesale warerooms (take elevator) at the 933 Market Street
entrance.
-';i--i"'£i" '.-~:' ' ' '■'-.! '.".■*-'• -^ '
LEADING DEALERS IN HIGH-GRADE PIANOS.
TAUNTS AND
CURSES, BUT
NO SHOOTING
Alturas Court Specta
tors View a Lively
Melee.
Sheriff . Prevents a Mix-Up
Between Judge and
: Attorney.
Wild Disorder Follows Noon Recess
and Attempt to Proceed With
Lynching Case Is Tempo
rarily Abandoned.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
ALTURAS, Dec. 1 21.— With curses and
insulting' epithets traveling back and
forth between court and counsel, with an
attorney attempting to assault the Judge
while the latter dared him on and pieaded
with the Sheriff not to interfere, the Su
perior Court of Modoc County seemed for
a time this morning more like the" scene
of a barroom brawi than a ternpie wrtere
justice is . wont to sit in solemn dignity,
at was believed that the long expected
tiagedy was about to be enacted, hat ttie
peace olhcers of the county did tneir duty
manfully and armed conflict was averted.
Not in years has a scene so disgraceful
been enacted in a California courtroom.
'ihe trouble started over the imposing
of fines upon two attorneys lor lue ' do
tense because they insisted In. putting to
ii witness questions which judge' iiar.
rington. had ruiert were not permissible.
During a recess ordered immediately
alter the tines were ■ imposed ir.e disci
plined lawyers attacked tne cuurc witu
violent invective, ana John E. tta&cr at
tempted to assault Him. i\aKer was pre
vented by the sneriiX, despite the protest
of Judge Harrington, wnose nghting blood
was up ano wno pleaded tnat tnt ai.tor
ney be permitted to "get at him." "Stran
gest of all, when the noon recess had
uapsed peace had been restored, tne
court said uothing about the fines, im
posed upon counsel and for a time every
one seemed to be in good humor. But it
is the opinion of those who have followed
the course of events that the crisis has
only been delayed and that blood will bo
shed before the trial of James VV. Brown,
the alleged lyncher, draws to a close.
Colburn Goes to J'ail.
When court was called to order this
morning witness Colburn, who yesterday
refused to ttfalify, was on the stand. Tne
court ruled that Colburn must answer the
question put Dy the prosecution. The
jury was recalled, but the witness re
lused to answer on the ground that he
had been publicly accused in the news
papers aha in court of being a conspira
tor. Sturtevant asked that Colburn be
committed for contempt and he was so
committed under order of the court. . The
court then took a recess and Colburn was
taken to iall.
Claude Brown, a half-brother of the de
fendant, was called to the stand immedi
ately after the . recess. ' He testified tha"t
A- 1-.. Colburn was residing with' him on
his ranch during the latter part 'of May
and until he was subpenaed hs a witness
by the Grand Jury in June. On cross-ex
amination, Attorney Baker asked several
questions concerning an alleged attempt
by detectives ' to bribe Witness Colburn.
The court refused to allow the questions
and when they were persisted in he or
dered the witness off the stand. This
aroused violent objections by counsel for
the defense, who protested, thar they had
not completed the cross-examination. K.
V. Spencer declared that he did. not be
lieve the court was treating the defense
and the prosecution with equal justice, in
asmuch as similar questions by the prose
cution were allowed the day before. Post
said it appeared to him- that the remark
of Spencer was a. reflection on the court.
Fines Recalcitrant Lawyers.
Judge Harrington turned to the clerk
and directed him to enter a fine of $30
against E. V. Spencer and $50 against
J. K. Baker for contempt of court, with
the alternative of twenty-five days in jail.
'.I don't give a tor your jail," ex
claimed Spencer. '
Raker asked Judge Harrington If the j
court had adjourned and was informed I
that it ha^l. Raker then demanded from
the reporter a transcript of the proceed
ings and the Judge ordered the reporter
not to make such a transcript.
Then began a bitter war of words be
tween Judge Harrington and the attor
neys .for the defense. E. V. Spencer
cursed Judge Harrington before the
crowded courtroom. Harrington attempt
ed to reply, but his invective did not
equal the fierceness of Lassen County's
ex-Speaker of the Assembly. Spencer,-
Harris and Raker demanded that the pro
ceedings be transcribed so that they could
publish them to the world and let the
world judge as to who was right or
wrong.
The Sheriff interfered and prevented At
torney Raker attacking the Judge. Judge
Harrington declared that he was ready
for Raker at any time or any place and
told the Sheriff to let go of Raker. After
an exciting quarter of an hour the Sheriff
1 and his deputies succeeded in quieting the
adversaries and all left the courtroom.
Wane in Fighting Spirit.
When the afternoon session opened all
participants in this morning's melee seem
ed to have cooled off and Judge Harrii:g
ton came Into court in the best of humor.
Nothing had been done relative to the Hue
or commitment of Attorneys Raker and
Spencer, and both were still at liberty.
No attempt was made to proceed with
the trial and an adjournment to Thursday
morning was taken.
Judge Harris, one of Brown's attorneys,
was before the police court this afternoon
on the. charge of assault with a deadly
weapon upon Mary Lorenz, a witness for
the prosecution. lie was represented by
Attorney Raker, and the people by Dis
trict Attorney Bonner and Deputy Dis
trict Attorney L. C. Manor. An adjourn
ment was taken until Thursday. This
case grew out of an insulting remark by
Harris to Mrs. Lorenz, which culminated
in his being knocked down twice by the
woman. Then he drew a knife and at
tacked her, but bystanders interfered.
Judge Harris, not to be outdone by the
woman, to-day caused her arrest for as
sault upon himself. ■• - -
Before the adjournment Harris started
to leave the courtroom. Judge Harring
ton ordered him back and told him to sit
down. Harris said that it would take a'
larger man than Harrington to sit him'
I down, whereupon the Judge seized him
by ihe shoulder. Harris warned the
Judge not to lay hands upon him. The
Marshal interfered .and restored, order,;
and court was adjourned.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 25, 1901.
ARCHBISHOP SCALABRINI OF PIACENZA
NOT CHOSEN TO SUCCEED MARTINELLI
In Vatican Circles It Is Believed That the Next Representa
iPliv^iof the Pope, at Washington Will Be. Mgr. Fal-
Who Is the Present Papal Delegate in China
SUPREME PONTIFF OF THE CATHOLIC CHURCH AND TWO NOTED PRELATES IN AMERICA, ONE OF
WHOM MAY BE CHOSEN A. CARDINAL OF THE CURIA, WHICH NECESSITATES A REMOVAL FROM
THIS COUNTRY AND LIVING AT THE VATICAN. f .
rjr=^OME, Dec. 24.— There Is no truth
B )j in "- the' report published" in the
Sv^ United.' States that Mgr. Scala
11, x^. brini, "the Archbishop of Placen
■;-^Ea-: who recently visited ' the
United^ States, had been practically se
lected to succeed Mgr. Martinelli as papal
delegate to' the- United States, and that
BUSTLING SITKA
OILY A MEMORY
Quaint Alaskan Capital
Soon to Lose Its
Distinction.
Special DlBpatch to The Call.
VANCOUVER, B. C, Dec. 24.-Withm
the next three months the curtain will be
rung down upon Sitka, Alaska, and if the
steamer lines arrange for calls there more
than once a month it will be only to satis
fy the curiosity of sightseers. The seat
of government will be removed from Sit
ka at the first of the year to Juneau.
After the officials of the capital of Alaska
have left there will be very few persons
living-in the old city except Indians and
white trappers.
Sitka is more than 100 years old, and
ever since, the United States owned Alas
ka the town has been the seat of govern
ment. By the end of the year the new
courthouse in Juneau will have been com
pleted, and the GovarnOr and other of
ficials will change their residence. Juneau
is one day's run by steamer from any
other of • the Alaskan ports, whereas it
took fifteen days formerly to -get back
and forth from Sitka to Skaguay.
But Sitka is still the most picturesque
town. by far in Alaska. The roads arc
wide and well paved, and from the big
squared timbers under the wharf, which
In the days of Russian rule must have
been brought from afar, to the tops of the
pretty cottages that nestle under the side
of the mountain the place is one of par
ticular interest to tourists, but of exactly
the opposite to any one with a business
idea in view.
The Indians there are of all grades.
There are the pure bloods; others, are
half Russian, from the old stock of a
half century ago, and many are nearly
white. The Indian population will prob
ably remain, regardless of the desertion
of the town by the government.
Many Crimes in Macedonia.
CONSTANTINOPLE, Dec. 24.—Assas
sination and pillaging of villages and out
raging of inhabitants have so increased
lately in Macedonia that the Consuls have
appealed to the Embassies to put "a stop
to: such crimes. The foreign Ministers
have made urgent representations to the
Porte of the danger of permitting the
continuance of such acts. ♦.
Governor Pardons Convicts.
SALEM, Or., Dec. 24.— Governor Geer
to-day pardoned J. C. Luhrman, sen
tenced from Baker County for fifteen
years for manslaughter; George W. Bax
ter, from Portland, with, the' same sen
tence, and- Gustav Lagney, sentenced to
ten years for stealing an overcoat In
Portland. •
he had begged the Pope to excuse him
from such promotion. The Vatican never
intended to appoint Mgr. Scala
'brini to the Washington post. While
no definite decision has been reached re
garding Mgr. Martinelli's successor, it is
said in Vatican circles that the papal
delegate to the United States will be suc
ceeded by Mgr. Falconio, the papal dele
gate In China. • • -
BURGLAR HURLS
LAMP AT GIRL
Monterey Young Lady
Receives Serious
. Burns..
MONTEREY, Dec. 24.— Miss Amelia
Bergschicker, daughter of A. Berg
schicker of this city, had a frightful ex
perience with a burglar last night, and as
a. result the young 1 lady is seriously ill.
Miss Bergschicker was alone in the house
preparing to join others of her family at
a Christmas celebration in St. James
Church. While lacing her boots she set
a lamp on the fioor to obtain better light.
A man who had been concealed under the
bed leaped out at that moment and catch
ing up the lamp threw it at the girl and
dashed. out of the house.
The oil from the lamp caught fire and
ignited the girl's clothing. Miss Berg
schicker succeeded in extinguishing the
flames with a blanket, but her arms and
hands were badly burned, and she wa3
unconscious when found later by her
mother.
Parties have been searching the neigh
borhood for the culprit since last night,
but no trace of him has yet been found.
The town Is greatly excited over the inci
dent.
Light for Two Sonoma Cities.
SANTA ROSA, Dec. 24.— The California
Gas and; Electric Company, the gigantic
concern- which recently procured control
of all the lighting plants in this part of
the country, has practically finished re
wiring this city, and the new current, di
rect from the plant on Yuba River,
reached here last night. The ga3 plant
in this city will hereafter supply Peta
luma also. A special pipe line sixteen
miles long will connect the two towns.
Morrow's Slayers to Hang.
PORTLAND, Or., Dec. 24.— John Wado
and William Dalton were to-day sen
tenced to be hanged on January 31 for the
murder of James Morrow on November
17 last. Young Morrow was on his way
home about midnight, when Wade and
Dalton held him up and shot. -.him, be
lieving he was . another man who was
supposed to have a large sum of money
on ; his person. . . t .
Schmid's Design Is Chosen.
SAN JOSE, Dec. 24.— At a meeting of
the general committee cf the McKinley
•Monument Association to-day the design
of Rupert Schmid for a monument to be
erected in St. James square was adopted
In accordance with the recommendations,
.of the sub-committee.
Stops the Cough
And works oft the. cold. Laxative' Bromo
Quinine Tablet* cure a cold In one day. ■ Na
Cure. No Pay. ■ Price 25 ceuta. •
Pope Leo is not discouraged by the an
nouncement from Washington that Presi
dent Roosevelt has no intention of asking
Congress for authority to appoint a rep
resentative to the Vatican. His Holiness
desires closer relations with, the Catholics
of America, and there is still talk of his
appointment of either Archbishop Ireland
or Archbishop Corrigan a Cardinal of the
Curia.
ORANGE GROWERS
LOSING HEAVILY
Claim the Transportation
Facilities Are Wholly-
Inadequate.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN BERNARDINO, Dec. 24.— A storm
of protest greater than that raised last
year by the orange growers of Southern
California, greater than the grumblings
that reached the Railroad. Commissioners,
is going up from the orange men of this
section. Never before in the history of
the industry in Southern California, have
the Santa Fe and Southern Pacific rail
way companies supplied such poor freight
service, and never before have the orange
growers so keenly felt the- need .of proper
transportation facilities. . . : ,
Seth Marshall, president of the High
land Orange Growers' Association and
one of the best posted men in Southern
California, estimates that the loss. to the
growers . by the failure of the railroad
companies to. transport the fruit properly
will exceed $5,000,000. This may. seem a
large figure, but when it Is known that
the orange orop-of last'season was valued
at about $13,000,000 it becomes apparent
that a loss of $5,000,000 could . be sus
tained. This would mean approximately
$200 to the car. Losses of this extent are
sustained by the failure of the railroads
to properly ventilate the cars arid the ap
parent inability of the companies to place
the fruit In the Eastern markets within
a reasonable length of time. • •
Returns have' been received from sev
eral hundred carloads of oranges shipped
for the Christmas lrade\ and, in nearly
every car a certain percentage of the
fruit has rotted. . The. cars are equipped
with good ventilating appliances, but the
trainmen fail to open-or shut- the ye,ntila
tors at the proper times and the ".fruit is
thus damaged. ' \' ' ' ' '■ ."
Even this would be overlooked by. the
growers if better service were given them.
In many cases it h£s -taken twenty-five
days for a car to travel from this city to
New York, a journey 'that ought to be
made In eight or ten days. To Chicago
it generally takes ; the company from
twelve to eighteen days, while freight
could. easily be placed there In six days.
The same is true in regard to transporta
tion to nearly every Eastern market. .
The Santa Fe and Southern Pacific com
panies have pooled on the orange business,
and are - dividing the' profits. Ninety
cents a. box, or about 1 2-9 cents a pound.'
is charged, and the packers are allowed'
to put S62 boxes into- a car. The railroad
companies demand the right to route the
fruit, arid in this way all possibility of
competition is done : aWay with: ,"
SANTA ROSA. Dec. 24.— For the first time
•in its history Santa Rosa to-night enjoyed - the'
privilege . of .; all-night street lights. The
change was ordered ; uf'the "■ last meeting of the
City Council. ' •
HISTORIAN
MACLAY IS
ORDERED OUT
Navy Yard Laborer Dis
missed by President
Roosevelt.
Objections Made by j Reviier
. of Schley Are Not
Noticed.
lieutenant General Miles Says He
Will Not Make Application
for a Court of In
. quiry.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 24.— Secretary
Long has discharged Edgar Staunton Ma
clay from his position as a skilled laborer
in the Brooklyn Navy Yard, Maclay hav
ing refused to resign when requested to
do so. Maclay criticized Admiral Schley
in his naval history as a "caitiff, poltroon
and coward."
Secretary Long's action was taken by
direction of the President and followed a
conference between the President and the
Secretary, who took to the White House
with him a . letter from Maclay in re
sponse to the request for his resignation
sent by the Secretary last Saturday.
In this letter Maclay submitted that he
could not.be removed or compelled, to re
sign without definite charges being made
against him and without having an op
portunity to answer those charges. Al
though the civil service rules give em
ployes of the service the opportunity of
answering charges that may be preferred
against them, the President exercised his
prerogative In the present incident and
directed Maclay's removal, it being held
that the latter was aware unofficially, if
not officially, of the reasons which actu
ated the executive in taking the course
determined upon. Secretary Long said
the action taken to-day would dispose of
the case finally. .
The Letter of Maclay.
■Maclay's letter to Secretary Long re
plying to the request for his resignation
is as follows:
NAVY YARD, NEW YORK, Office of the
General Storekeeper, Dec. 23, 1901.— Rear Ad
miral Albert S. Barker, U. S. N.. Commandant
Navy Yard, New York — Sir: I have the honor
of acknowledging the receipt of your commu
nication of this date In which you forwarded
the following- communication of this date from
the Honorable Secretary of the Navy. "I ani
directed by the President to ask Edgar S.
Maclay, special laborer, general storekeeper's
office, navy yard. New York, to send in his
resignation."
I respectfully submit that I was regularly
appointed to my present position after having
duly passed a clerk's examination in accordance
with all the requirements of the civil sfrvice
regulations and therefore cannot be removed
or be compelled to resign without definite
charges being made against ma and without
having an opportunity to answer those charges.
I have been in this office fifteen months, have
been promoted for efficiency and so far as I
know my work has been satisfactory to my
superiors. I have violated no rules or regu
lations of this office or of the navy yard* so
far as I am aware.
Sucli being the case I feel that it would not.
only be an injustice to myself to resign under
such circumstance", but it would be establish
ing a precedent that vitally . concerns thou
sands of civil service employes, both national
and State. Very respectfully yours,
EDGAR S. MACI^AY.
Secretary Long's dispatch to Rear Ad
miral Barker directing Maclay's removal
was as follows:
WASHINGTON, Dec. 23.— Rear Admiral A.
S. Barker. U. S. N., Commandant Navy Yard,
New York: By direction of the President
Edgar S. Maclay Is discharged. Notify him.
LONG.
. Miles Refuses to Talk.
Lieutenant General Nelson A. Miles re
turned to the city to-day from his brief
visit to New York. The General declined
to discuss the question of the reprimand
given him by the Secretary of War for
his published observations on the report
of the verdict of the court of inquiry in
the Schley case, and in reply to inquiries
as to his future course in the matter said
he had no statement to make. He did
say, however, that the report that he ;
would apply for a court of inquiry was I
entirely unauthorized.
NEW YORK, Dec. 24.— Historian Maclay
did not forward to "Washington to-day
his resignation as special laborer at the
navy yard in Brooklyn, although he said
on Monday night that he intended to do
so. He said:
"I have not resigned and I do not In
tend to as yet. I shall not decide upon
a course of action until I have communi
cated with the civil service authorities
at Washington. I want to convince my
self that President Roosevelt actually ha3
power to disregard civil service regula
tions. It I find he is possessed of such
right, then I will resign at once."
Judgment for $36 and costs was ren
dered to-day against Maclay by Justice
Van Wart in the Second District Munici
pal Court In Williamsburg in an action
brought by a brewing company. It was
alleged that in November and December
of 1S97, while Maclax was the keeper of
the old Field lighthouse, near Port Jef
ferson,- L. I., the brewing company sent
him cases of beer on his order. Neither
Maclay nor his counsel appeared In court.
BEINGS THE SAILORS
OF A WRECKED VESSEL
Steamer Arri-fres in New York With
Men Who Were on Sfchooner
White.
NEW YORK, Dec. 24.— Among- the pas
sengers on the steamer Antillia, which
has arrived here from Nassau, N. P.,
were Captain Mitchell and the survivor3
of the crew of the wrecked three-masted
schooner E. I. "White of Harrington, Me.
The White was bound from Philadel
phia for Cardenas with a cargo of coal
and was stranded on Gingerbread Shoal
on December .7. Soon after grounding the
vessel began to roll and grind on the
rocks and she showed signs of breaking
up. Three of the crew preferred to trust
their lives to the ship's boat which was
launched alongside. During the night fol
lowing the swell capsized the boat and
two of the seamen were drowned. They
were a Finlander named John Saare and
an American named Brown. The man
rescued was Charles Johnson. The next
day Captain Mitchell' and the remainder
of the crew proceeded in the boat to
Bernini Island, and thence were assisted
to Nassau. . -
Fire Ttuckjn a Collision.
TOLEDO, O., Dec. 24.— While Ore truck
No. 7 was responding to an alarm it col
lided with a street car and caused the
death of Captain J. B. Ward of the fire
company and the injury- of several other
firemen, one of whom may die. The car
and the fire truck were going at full
speed when they met. The firemen were
hurled from the machine. Driver Boudre
is in a precarious condition and may die
Ladderman John Schultz was seriously
hurt.
Difficult Digestion
That is dyspepsia".
It makes life miserable.
Its sufferers eat not because they want la
-but simply because they mutt.
They know. they are Irritable and fretful;-
bat they cannot be otherwise.
• They complain of a bad taste in the
mouth, a.tcnderness at the pit of the stom-
ach, an uneasy feeling of puffy "fulness,
headache, heartburn and what not.
Tho* effectual remedy, proved by perma-
nent cures of thousands of severe cases, is
Hood's Sarsapariila
Hood'8 tiixa wo the be»t cathMUcI ""
RECEIVE BIRDS
FROM ROOSEVELT
White House Employes
Are Honored With
Turkeys.
Children of President Re
ceive Presents From
Everywhere.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 24.— Eighty-seven
big turkeys were distributed to the White
House policemen, messengers, ushers,
servants, gardeners and stablemen to-day
with the compliments of the President.
Each turkey had on it a card bearing the
season's compliments. The distribi;^-^
was the largest ever made at the Wj.ie
House. President McKinley always gave
turkeys to the married employes, but the
list of recipients was never so large as
that of to-day. The turkeys were dis
tributed by Henry Plnckney. the White
House steward.
Express wagons, mail carriers and mes
sengers bore numerous packages to the
White House to-day, presents to the
Kocsevelt family from friends ar.d admir
ers throughout the country. Many of the
packages were for the children, who will
not be allowed, however, to have them
until to-morrow.
The programme at the White House to
morrow will follow the custom of the
family in former years. There will be no
Christmas tree, as a tree never has been
a part of the celebration of Christmas Jn
the Roosevelt family. The children, how
ever, all hang up their stockings, and
they will arise early to-morrow^ to visit
them and ascertain what Santa (Jaus has
left for them. Later in the morning the
children will assemble in the library,
there to receive gifts from their father
a "n the'af ternoon the Roosevelt Juveniles
will go to the home of their uncle and
aunt, Captain and Mrs. Cowles, to see a
pretty Christmas tree and receive other
presents. The Christmas dinner will bo
served at 7:30 o'clock and only the family
will be present. ■ . .
On Thursday, if the weather permits, it
is probable that the Roosevelt family, in
cluding the President, will go down thj*
Potomac River on a cruise. Theod<iffl|
Roosevelt Jr. is going hunting with WT
Rixey and is very anxious that his ratner
should accompany him. The President 13
inclined to do so if public business will
permit. Even if the President cannot go
it is the present intention of Mrs. Roose
velt and some of the other children to
accompany Dr. Rixey and Theodore Jr.
King Honors a Young Hero.
CHICAGO, Dec. 24.— Arthur Egan. the
17-year-old hero of twenty-three life
saving exploits in Lake Michigan, has
leen decorated by Edward VII, King of
England, for his heroism. Yesterday
young Egan was notified that a gold
medal of the Royal Humane Society, be
stowed by King Edward in recognition of
the daring of a British subject, awaited
him. Egan Is the first resident of the
United States to receive such honors. He
Is a British subject by reason of hi3 birth
in Canada. '
Naval Reservation Selected.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 24— A general or
der Issued by the Navy Department to
day sets apart as a navaJk»^*5ervatlon
certain lands on Culebra Islaria. v$«£?JtS
fore selected by a naval commission »>» a
naval reservation. The Island lies to the
eastward of rorto Rico and came unaer
the flag as one of the dependencies of
that Island. ,.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
A COMMON TROUBLE.
Thousands Suffer From. It Without
Knowing Its Real Character.
No trouble is more common or mora
misunderstood than nervous dyspepsia.
People having it think that their nervej
are to blame, are surprised that they ara
not cured by nerve medicines and spring
remedies; the real seat of the mischief
is lost sight of; the stomach is the organ
to be looked after.
Nervous dyspeptics often do not have
any pain whatever in the stomach, nor
perhaps any of the usual symptoms ot
stomach weakness. Nervous dyspepsia
shovrs itself not in the stomach so much
as- in nearly every other organ; in some
case3 the heart palpitates and is irregu-
lar; in others the kidneys are affected;
in others the bowels are troubled, wnh
loss of flesh and appetite, with the ac-
cumulation of gas, sour risings and hear;-
burn.
Mr. A. "W. Sharper of No. 61 Prospect
St.. Indianapolis, lnd., writes as follows:
"A motive of pure gratitude prompts ma
to write these few lines regarding the
new and valuable medicine, Siuart's Dys-
pepsia Tablets. I have been a sufferer
from rervous dyspesia for the last four
years; have used various patent medicines
and other remedies without any favorable
result. They sometimes gave temporary
relief until the effects of the medicina j
wore off. I attributed this to my sedentary A
habits, being a bookkeeper with little
physical exercise, but I am glad to state
that the tablets have overcome all these
obstacles, for I have gained in flesh, sleep
better and am better in every way. Tho
above is wTltten not for notoriety, but la
based on actual facts."
Respectfully yours,
A. W. SHARPER.
61 Prospect St., Indianapolis, lnd.
It is safe to say that Stuart's Dyspepsia
Tablets will cure any stomach weakness
or disease except cancer of the stomach.
1~ey cure sour stomach, gas, loss of flesh
and appetite, sleeplessness, palpitation,
; heartburn, constipation and headaches.
Send for valuable little book on stomach
diseases by addressing Stuart Co., Mar-
shal}, Mich.
All druggists sell full sized packages at
; 50 cents.
California
Limited...
The greatest train across the conti-
nent High speed combined with
high-class accommodations have mads
it ths most popular with travelers.
Frcm San Francisco, daily, 9 A. M.
Ticket Office— 641 Market Street
JIJIJWJBB* INJECTION. &r
I A FERMENT CURS |
5 of the most obstinate cases of Gonorrhcca 2
? and Gleet, cnaranteed in from 3, to 6 sa
5 cays : nc other treatment required. $3
9 - > Sold by all drngjlsts. \CROWDS CHEER
GOVERNOR TAFT
Civil Executive in the
Philippines Starts
for Home.
Insurgent Chiefs in Bohol
Surrender Cannon and
Rifles.
MANILA. Dec. 24.— Civil Governor Taft !
left here this afternoon for San Francisco
on board the transport Grant. There was
a popular demonstration on his departure.
Governor Taft told his associates that
heivas pleased with the progress of
e\T"^s in the Philippines and exceedingly
glaa that General Chaffee had expressed
the opinion that he could Quell the In
surrection, except on the Island or Samar,
by next February. The health of Gov
ernor Taft has considerably improved.
The Filipino general. Samson, and all
the other insurgent chiefs on the island
of Bohol. have surrendered with fweaty
eigh: cannon and forty-five guns.
During an engagement in Batangas
province between the insurgents and a de
tachment of the Twenty-first Infantry
under Lieutenant Edgar T. Conley one
American private wats badly wounded. A
number of the enemy were killed.
A. large number of Filipinos captured in
I^aguna and Batangas provinces have
been sent to the re-established military
prison at Subig Bay.
The column under Colonel Dougherty
is making a clean sweep of I>aguna prov
ince, burning all the insurgent barracks
that are found and a number of small
native hamlets. Colonel Dougherty has
taken many prisoners and the insurgent
losses during his operations have been
heavy.
WASHINGTON. D. C, Dec. 24.— The
War Department has received »from the
Philippines the records of court martial
by which three natives were tried for im
plication in the murder of five American
prisoners. One of the Filipinos was
fomoteo X>ahlan, a conmndante of the
insurgent forces, -who ordered Manuel
G^nzales, a lieutenant of insurgents, to
»^ ' the presidente of the pueblo of San
m/uel de Mayuma, province of Bulucan.
Gonzalcs, in command of a band of in
surgents, successfully ambushed a detach
ment of the Thirty-nfth Volunteer Infan
try, taking five of the American soldiers
prisoners. The Americans had been act
ing as a guard for the presidente and he,
too, passed into the hands of the insur
gents. The Americans captured and after
ward killed were John T. Hick
man, Company B; William Smith, Com
pany C; Hamlet Jan-is. Company C; El
mer Dane. Company E, and Frank H.
Wilson, Company E. The presidente was
stabbed. The Americana were placed In
charge of a sergeant, taken away and
killed with bolos. There was an attempt
on the part of each of the three Filipinos
to shift the responsibility for the crimes
at the trial. It was developed that Com
andante r>ahlan. in ordering the am
buscade, gave the following directions to
Lieutenant Gonzales:
"Separate Jose liuencamlno (th© presi
dente} from the Americana, and with
these Americans do as if you were to
take them to the general: but when you
reach th* tall eraa* «io with them what
we are accuttonjed to do."
He ftnlsVJ* UV direction* for the mur
ders vUt00€eH« word*:
jyPPfiZ^iW rt-oetVB rtv<» pesos for th© i»ol
xlicrt, God keep your lit* many years."
In passing upon tho findings In the
case of th<» Innurgcnt eomanuante Gen
trnl ChaffPt Bald:
W "Jfla tipen api*»aJ to the has* instinct*
~t his noldlrr* by nromlslnir reward for
th«» pxreutton of hfii Inhuman command
nggTavatfd his offense and mnrku the ac
cused as on? so lost to the bettor In
ftlscta of his rac»* an to preclude an ap
peal to clemency."
In Iranian's •-.>;■•■ and that of Gonzale*
General Chaffrp approved the sentence of
death by hanging imposed by the military
commisBion. In that of Clement del Crux,
the e^m-ant who directed the murder of
the prisoners, he commuted the death
pontence to Imprisonment for life at hard
labor.
BRITISH IN BATTLE
WITH DESPERATE OUTLAWS
Punitive Expedition Has a Disastrous
Encounter and Three Men
Are Killed.
CALCUTTA, Dec 24.— A British puni
■SJve expedition has razed Nodiz fort in
South Baluchistan, which had long been
the stronghold of a fierce band of out
laws.
The latter held out until the fort was
demolished by guns. About a dozen men
were buried in the ruins, five others were
killed, fourteen were wounded and sixty
three were captured. The British casual
ties were three men killed and eight
wounded.
Wishes A1] a llerry Christmas.
WASHINGTON, Dec, 24.-While the
Cabinet was in session to-day President
r.oosevelt was called Into the reception
f Dozn to se« Chief Justice Fuller. When
ihe Chief Justice left the President fol
lowed him to the door and then stepped
cut into ths anteroom and pleasantly
wished those assembled there a merry
Christmas. He then crossed over to the
room in which the clerical force r.f the
White House was at work and extended
his greetings to the clerks.
"I wish you all a very merry Christ
mas," said he; "a very merry Christmas
and many of them."
Parliament Member Goes to JaiL
DUBLIN, Dec 24.— At Ballymote,
County Sligo, to-day Jasper Tully, mem
ber of Parliament for South Leltrim, was
sentenced to a month's imprisonment;
John O'Donnell, M. P. for South Mayo,
to two months' imprisonment, and other
members of the United Irish League to
terms ranging from a month to three
months. All the sentences were Imposed
In connection with a recent meeting called
to incite Lord de Frej-nes' tenants not to
pay their rents^
ADVERTISEMENTS.
California's
Host Wonderful Discovery
Since 1849.
■/ I . IN MENDOCINO COUNTY.
1.000.000 TON'S OF GRAPHITE AVAILABLE.
ASSAYS QQVi PER CENT.
EASY WATER TRANSPORTATION.
— •/
F:0,000,600.03 IN DIVIDENDS TO OUR
STOCKHOLDERS.
DNLY 5000 SHARES OF NON-ASSESSABLE
STOCK For Sale at
$I.OO PER SHARE.
rhis Is NO SPECULATION, but a RARE and
Safe INVESTMENT.
WATCH THIS STOCK RISE TO $50.
forward Remittance at or.ee or apply for
Prospectus.
PARLTINO OIL CO.
445-446 PARROTT BUILDING.
' ' San Francisco, Cal.
Gn P R n /£3s Ammunition, Pistols, Cut-
R 5 £* y (P* lery. Carving Sets, Football.
9 1 iUS Baseball, Athletic and Out-
k lltna « ln * Gco<J« for Holiday Trad*.
Li! a \i \-B Send for Catalogue.
■ ■ *** EEREVZ * BARBE8 CO..
738 K&rktt Bt tuft 611 Bears/ Et
SCIENCE WINS
OVER DISASTER
Utah Man Tells of Ter
rible Experience in
the South.
Bullets of Rebels Pail to Pre-
vent Laborious Re
search.
NEW YORK, Dec. 24.-J. B. Falrbank
of Provo City, Utah, arrived here to
night on tne Atlas liner Andes from
South American ports. He was a mem
ber of a party of nine which set out from
Provo City to obtain specimens, alive or
dead, of the fauna and tlora of Central
and South America. Others of the party
fell sick and some of them were targets
for rebel bullets In the southern portion
of Colombia when ~ibey attempted to
reach the coast in order to seek their
way home.
'me party left twenty months ago, all
on horseback, to collect animals, birds,
pelts and piants for the Brignam Young
Academy. After exciting adventures tney
reached Mexico ana proceeded to the In
terior of tne country. In Guatemala four
of the adventurers were stricken with
lever and taken to Port Liiwon. Fair
bank and tne remainder pressed on and
quantities of valuable specimens were
sh. ed to the school.
Again the band split, and two who
sought -o go down the west coast, intend
ing to reach Valparaiso, were targets for
rebel sharpshooters atter they had been
warned by rebel officers. Finally all but
Fairbank succeeded in reaching the
coast and there found an avenue of es
cape. All suffered from disease contract
ed under the intense heat of the tropical
sun.
Falrbank proceeded up the Magdalena
River about 400 miles and stayed with a
planter until a chance offered itself a
month later to get to Santa Marta, where
he took the steamer Andes for New York.
Falrbank said that although he has trav
eled thousands of miles and endured al
most untold hardships the trip was a
success from a scientific standpoint.
WOTJXD All£IfD AN ACT
TO UPLIFT INDUSTRIES
Cumming-s of New York Introduces
an Important Bill in the
House.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 24.-Representa
tive Cummlngs of New York has Intro
duced the following bill In the House:
"Be It enacted by the House of Repre
sentatives and Senate in Congress as
sembled, That paragraph 265 of section
1 of the act entitled 'An act to provide
revenue and to encourage the Industries
of the United States,' approved July 24,
1S97, is hereby amended so as to read as
follows:
"265. Grapes in barrels or other pack
ages (twenty) IS cents per cubic foot of
tne capacity of the barrels or packages.
•'Section 2. That paragraph 266 of sec
tion 1 of said act is hereby amended so
as to read as follows:
"2C6. Oranges two-thirds of 1 cent per
pound; lemons 18 cents per cubic foot of
capacity of boxes or packages; limes,
grap<*-frult, shaddocks or pomelos 1 cent
jier pound.
"Section 3. That paragraph 2(i8 of section
1 of Bald act is hereby amended »o an to
read as follow*:
"2GS. Pineapples In barrels and other
package* (n««v<*n) 4 cents per cubic foot
«>f tl»« capacity of bam-li* or packages;
in bulk (k.-wmi %i per thousand.
"Section 4. That this act shall take ef
fect on the first day of July, 1902."
DOCTORS ABB HOPEFUL
FOB ALQEE'S RECOVERY
Former Secretary of War Has In
crease of Fever, but He Is
Improving.
DETROIT. Mich.. Doc. 24.-General R.
A. Alger, who was operated on last Sun
day, paBsed a fair day. A disturbance of
his stomach occurred this afternoon,
which resulted in an increase of his fe
ver. To-night, however, the feVer Is
gradually going down. He is taking
water by the stomach to-night for the
first time. Following is the physicians*'
bulletin issued at 10 o'clock to-night:
"General Alger passed a fair day. His
temperature to-night is 100.2 and his pulse
80. At 2 o'clock this afternoon a slight
disturbance of the patient's stomach oc
curred followed by an Increase In the
fever. The other conditions remain sat
isfactory. C. G, JENNINGS. M.D."
Dr. Jennings said to-night that if Gen
eral Alger's condition continues as good
through to-morrow as it has been to-day
he can be considered as having passed
the most critical stage. "He will, how
ever, be in a serious condition," said Dr.
Jennings, "for a week longer. The gen
eral himself is cheerful."
SHORTAGE OF CABS
MAY COST MILLIONS
Many Mills in the Pittsburg District
Are Compelled to Shut
Down.
PITTSBURG. Dec. 24.— The car short
age in the Pittsburg district Is worse
than ever before, and as a result many
mills are shut down or only in partial
operation. All of the mills along the
Allegheny Valley road, including the Car
negie City mills, have suspended, and it
is probable that the big Carnegie Com
pany plants at Homestead and Duquesne
will be unable to resume for a week or
more after the . Christmas holiday shut
d<*wn.
President Schwab during his recent
visit here said $3,000,000 worth of finished
products was piled up in the yards of
these two concerns, with no present pros
pect of removal. Practically all of the
furnaces in Mahonlng and Shenago val
leys are shut down because of inability
to get raw material.
Accused of Cattle-Stealing 1 .
HELENA, Mont., Dec. 24.— The trial of
Robert Lee and Sam Garvin, Yellowstone
County cattlemen, on a charge of steal
ing Crow Indian cattle, which has been
going on in the United States court al
most two weeks, is nearing an end. The
case was given to the jury this evening.
The Government claims that these men
deliberately drove several hundred cattle
from the Crow reservation to a place
called Garvin's Basin, on the edge of Wyo
ming, where they altered the brands. The
case has attracted much attention. The
accused men are wealthy.
Belknap's Body*at Marion.
MARION, Ind., Dec. 24.— Congressman
Steele arrived to-day from San Fran
cisco, accompanied by his children, Mrs.
Belknap, widow of the late Major Hugh
R. Belknap, who died over a month ago
In the Philippines, and Cadet George W.
Steele Jr. of the Asiatic squadron. They
brought the body of Major Belknap home.
They were met at the station by Mrs.
Steele and relatives and friends and a
squad from the National Soldiers' Home.
The funeral will take place in Washing
ton and burial will follow in Arlington
Cemetery.
Check for the Schoolteacher.
NEW YORK. Dec 24.— Miss Sarah Pro
vost, teacher at the Small district school
at Cove Neck, L. I., near Oyster Bay,
President Roosevelt's, home, received a
generous check from the President to-day.
The check is to be used for the purchase
of Christmas presents for her pupils.
Roosevelt's children formerly attended the
Cove Neck school and before he became
Governor it was his custom every year
to play Santa Claus and present gifts
to all tl:o pupils in person.
Death Ends Mother's Suffering.
UPPER SANDUSKY, O., Dec. 24.—
Mrs. Valentine Visebaker of Carey,' Ohio,
who was murderously assaulted by her
son a few weeks ago, the latter commit
ting suicide after he thought, he had
killed his mother, died to-day. She never
knew of her Bon's ending and nev<;r re
gained consciousness long enough vo tell
bow the assault was committed.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 25, 1901.
GOVERNOR OF IOWA IS EXPECTED
TO ACCEPT THE TREASURY PORTFOLIO
After Conferring With Senator Allison and Speaker Hender
son Shaw Proceeds to, Washington to See the Presi
dent—Question as to Whether Wilson Will Remain
WASHINGTON. Dec. 24. — The
Cabinet was in Bession a
little over an hour to-day.
Practically no business was
transacted, the whole time
being occupied In felicitations of the sea
son. The President did not mention the
fact that he had tendered tho Treasury
portfolio to Governor Shaw of Iowa at
the meeting, but privately talked with
Secretary Wilson about the matter, tho
latter expressing; the opinion that Gover
nor Shaw would accept. Whenever Clov
ernor Shaw is ready to assume tho duties
of tho position, Secretary Gage will turn
over the administration of the treasury to
him. Secretary Gage has not yet an
nounced hl« plans for the future.
If Governor Shaw goes Into the Cabinet
th© question has been raised us to whether
Secretary Wilson, who also comes from
Ipwa, will remain. On this point a Cabi
net officer Is quoted as Baying that tho
President particularly desires that Secre
tary Wilson shall continue In the Cabinet.
His work In tho Department of Agri
culture is highly appreciated by the farm
ers of the country and the President docs
not desire to lose him.
Governor Leslie M. Shaw, who has been
offered the Treasury portfolio, and who
Is now on his way to Washington, is ex
pected to arrive here early to-morrow
morning. The general impression among
Iowa public men in this city Is that Gov
ernor Shaw will accept the portfolio.
DES MOINES, Iowa, Deo. 24.— Governor
Shaw departed last evening for Dubuque,
Iowa, where to-day he conferred with
Senator Allison and Speaker Henderson.
When a reporter called upon him he
BRITAIN WILL
LOSE IN RANK
Serious Commercial Con
ditions Confront the
English.
WASHINGTON. Dec. 24.— There is a
large and ever-increasing number of
thoughtful and well-informed people in
Great Britain who express the serious be
lief that if radical changes do not come
about in the near future the United King
dom will be relegated to the third position
in the rank of the world's trade and com
merce.
This statement Is made by United States
Consul Boyle, at Liverpool, In his annual
report, extracts from which were made
public to-day by the State Department.
It is conceded, says Consul Boyle, that In
manufactures. Great Britain, within the
last few years, has failed to meet the
competition of the United States and Ger
many.
Boyle says the optimistically inclined
plead exceptional and marvelous natural
advantages as far as the United States
is concerned, while, as to Germany's fierce
competition, the unsatisfactory financial
and commercial situation now prevailing
in that empire is cited as an instance of
a country booming itself too rapidly. The
cry of "Something must be done," says
the Consul, is going up from commercial
bodies, political speakers, economic writ
ers and the newspapers. There are fears
expressed, says Boyle, that even in the
carrying trade the> supremacy of Great
Britain is threatened. When the war in
South Africa is over, he says, there is to
be a popular demand for legislative ac
tion and the indications are that the
British Government will be compelled to
give more earnest consideration to mat
ters relating to trade and commerce.
There is a strong sentiment among the
masses of Great Britain, and one which
appears to be gaining strength 'as time
goes on, in favor of bringing about what
has become popularly known as "fair
trade," and which, says Boyle, Is nothing
but reciprocity. Protection, he says, is
not very muph advocated, but it is signi
ficant that many of the most widely cir
culated papers of Great Britain are . now
boldly advocating a policy of "fair trade,"
or "do to others as they do to you."
Against this sentiment, however, the Con
sul says, must be set the national dislike
to change established institutions, of
which free trade Is one of the most funda
mental. ; '
In regard to educational reforms in the
United Kingdom, Boyle says that the uni
versally acknowledged inferiority of Great
Britain to most of the leading nations,
particularly the United States and Ger
many, Is given frequently as one of tho
chief reasons why Great Britain is being
outstripped in her manufactures. The
subject of education, he says, is a very
thorny one in England. Efforts are now
being made by the respective authorities
to secure uniformity of methods and re
aults, while raising the standard at the
same time.
A particularly interesting portion of
Consul Boyle's report is that, wherein he
views the American and the British work
man side by side in a comparison which
places the American far to the fore. ' Eng
lish manufacturers, he says, find it almost
impossible to get the same amount of
proouct from machines as is obtained in
America. The small extent to whlcn up
to-aato labor-saving machinery is used in
Great Britain, as compared with America
and even Germany, Boyle says, is a fiuit
f'H topic of discussion. English raanu
facturero, he says, are handicapped by
reason of antiquated plants.
STRIKE OF MACHINISTS
MAY SOON BE SETTLEI)
Four Hundred Men in Chicago Are
Likely to Return to
Work.
CHICAGO, Dec. 24.— It is stated that the
machinists' strike in Chicago, which has
inyolved 400 union workmen since it start
ed seven months ago, is about to be set
tled. Conferences are now being held be
tween leaders on both sides and it Is ex
pected that an agreement .will be reached
and ratified within the next few days.
It is said the Allis-Chalmers Company
rns agreed to return to the nine-hour
day, which" leaves the question of wages,
the strikers to be taken back and the dis
position of the men who took the strikers'
places to be determined. The union men
have dismissed their conspiracy charge
recently entered against W. J. Chalmers.
It is said that' the strike so far has cost
the Allls-Chalmers Company $300,000 and
the union $30,000 in carrying on the fight,
to say nothing of the heavy loss in wages.
The strike, while a local affair, has been
regarded as a test of strength between
the International Association of Machin
ists and th© Metal Trades Association.
Paris' Christmas Toy Fair.
PARIS, Dec. 24.— The Christmas toy
fair held along the boulevards of Paris
presented its customary aspect this year.
The booths were attractively decorated,
but the unceasing rains completely
marred the usual street enthusiasm. The
midnight masses in the churches were
well attended, while revelers rilled the
many cafes and restaurants until an
early hour in the morning. Madame Lou
bet, wife of the President, presented
Christmas gifts to the servants employed
in the Elysee palace and their children.
She afterward attended the Fete of Al
sace-Lorraine, held In the winter circus,
where toys and clothing were distributed
from the great Christmas tree to 6000'
children of indigent exiles from the lost
province.
Shoots Wife and a Stepson.
PEORIA, 111., Dec. 24.— At Yates City
last evening August Iceburg, a prosper
ous farmer, sixty-nine years of age, liv
ing at Farmlngton, shot his wife through
the abdomen and then shot his fourteen
year-old stepson, who interfered. Walk
ing seventeen miles to the home of his
daughter, Mrs. Davis, v near Farmlngton.
he shot himself through the head and
died in three hours. His .wife is dying
but the boy will recover. His wife had
left him because he had deeded property
to his son and he shot her because she
had refused to return to him or let him
get a divorce.
Silversmith Commits Suicide.
CHICAGO, Dec. 24.— James A. Todd,
manager of the Towle Manufacturing
Company, silversmiths, at 149-153 State
street, was found dead in the lavatory of
the store to-day. He had locked himself
in the lavatory afters having drawn a
tube from a gas jet through the keyhole.
Todd was 62 years old " and came here
several years ago from W4lcott, Conn.
stated that he had nothing to say.
Governor Shaw before leaving the city
discussed the acceptance or -rejection of
the Secretaryship of the Treasury with
several friends, who asserted that he is in
doubt in regard to accepting the place in
case it shall be tendered.
CHANGES ARE MADE
IN ENGINEER CORPS
High Officers in the Service Assigned
. to a Number of New
Stationi.
WASHINGTON, Dec, 24.-Orders Issued
to-day make several important changes
in the stations and duties of high officers
in the corps of engineers. .
Lieutenant Colonel Hanbury will take a
station at San Franciseo, relieving Lieu
tenant Colonel C. E. . L.- Davis, of the
fortification of river and harbor work in
his charge, and of other duties, including
that of engineer of the Twelfth Light
house district. Lieutenant Colonel Davis
will proceed to Manila for duty as engi
neer officer on the staff of the command
ing general and for duty as senior mem
ber of the board of officers appointed last
September to report on the subject of the
defense of the' important harbors of the
Philippine Islands, relieving Major Clinton
B. Sears of these duties. Major Sears has
been assigned to command the second
battalion of engineers, now serving in the
Philippines. ■ • ■
MAN WHO WILL SUCCEED GAOE,
AND A CABINET MEMBER WHO >
MAY RETIRE.
ROYAL SECRETS
IN THE DRAWER
■
An Interesting Discovery
Made; in Breaking ~
of a Clock.
CINCINNATI, -Dec. 24.— The Enquirer's
Gallipolis special says the discovery of a
manuscript in a secret drawer of an old
clock reveals a secret of the French court
and shows the reason of the visit to that
city in 1789 of the Duke of Orleans, after
wards Louis Philippe of France.
. . The discovery was made by Claude M.
Wall, while taking apart an old French
clock which has long been standing in the
storage-room of his store. He found a
secret drawer in the clock which con
tained an old parchment manuscript in
French, wrapped with a child's flannel
skirt richly embroidered and bearing a
monogram. A piece of fine lace was also
with the manuscript.
Upon translation the manuscript pur
ported to be a "true history of Adele
d'Alonquon." It bore the signature of
Louis d'Alonquon and was 'dated Octo
ber 15, 1789. It was addressed to Adele,
apparently to be given her when she grew
to maturity. The substance of It was
that Adele was the daughter of the Duke
of .Orleans. The mother died at the child's
"birth, ignorant of the rank of its father.
The writer was then placed In charge of
the child and sent with it to Gallipolis,
where there was a French colony.
The story rai>that he became her pre
ceptor, and finally, after the visit of the
Duke of Orleans to Gallipolis, It was de
termined to send Adele to a Catholic
school in France. The mother of Adele not
being of royal blood, the marriage was
kept secret. /
Wall has sent the manuscript to' the
French Embassador at WtiBhingtori". Some
portions of the papers giving names and
lineage have not been made public.
Since publication the
» a v jr ■ /^W^ best selling book
RIGHT NT
Gilbert -\^ W7 A \7
Illustrated '.^^ <-^V,>> : , Mm ■ <
Cloth, $1.50.
DELUXE. .
(By Order Only) $7.60. V '
FRAUD, HE SAYS,
WAS COMMITTED
SensatioD al Charge Made
Against Mother and
Daughter.
Question of- the Ownership
of Land Causes the
> Lawsuit.
NEW YORK, Dec. 24. - An alleged
fraudulent transfer of a Kansas farm
valued at $15,000 is the charge brought
against Mrs. Minnie McQoy and her
daughter Lulu McCoy of Chicago, who
appeared before a magistrate here to
day.
The two women were arrested here
yesterday on complaint of Charles Mc-
Coy, who claims that his sister, named
Lulu M. McCoy, is the rightful owner of
the land and that the Lulu McCoy named
as defendant -made use of the similarity oi
names to transfer lands in which she had
no rightful interest.
Joseph M. McCoy of Phillips County,
Kansas, the original owner of the land,
died in 1889 and left 160 acres of bottom
land to his daughter, Lulu M. McCoy.
Up to two years ago she had no doubt
but that the land was still in her posses
sion, although managed by another. In
1899, however, a "personal" stating that
"if Miss Lulu McCoy will correspond with
Joseph Coftey of "Woodruff, Iowa, she will
learn something to her advantage," ap
peared in a Chicago paper.
Charles McCoy alleges that this adver
tisement was answered by Mrs. Minnie
McCoy, ani that as a result a transfer
of the land to Coffey was signed by Mrs.
McCoy's daughter, Lulu. Mrs. McCoy
told the police, it Is said, that Coffey paid
her daughter $546 for the deed. Through
Ooffey, it is said, the land was sold to
O. S. Wing of Hamburg. Iowa.
Wing reached Chicago yesterday with
ex-Congressman N. B. McCormick, his
attorney. Wing said he was acting in
good faith and that he gave Coffey $90u
to get the signature of Miss McCoy to
the deed, supposing that the rightful
owner alone would be found bearing that
name.
Mrs. Minnie McCoy is credited with as
serting that she had no reason to believe
that the land might not have been willed
to her daughter, as she . had relatives In
Kansas. Mrs. McCoy and her daughter
declare their > willingness to transfer to
Wing 160 acres of land in Michigan to re
imburse him if It is found that the Kan
sas farm should be transferred back to
the other Lulu McCoy. A continuance In
the hearing until January 3 was taken
In order to bring wltnessess from Kan
sas.
MILLIONS ARE INVESTED
IN HARDWARE COMBINE
Gigantic Corporation Is Formed With
Several San Francisco Men
Behind It.
TRENTON, N. J., Dec. 24.-The Pacific
Hardware and Steel Company, capital
J10.00Q.000, was incorporated here to-day.
The stock la divided into I7.000.0U0 common
and 13,000,000 preferred, bearing 6 per cent
cumulative dividend.
The company la authorized to manu
facture and deal in every kind of iron,
steel and hardwure. Tha incorporate™
nre August K, Qlbbs, K. A. s.im.lK-.
<"lnultn !•:. Miller, ii. J. MorUfh, L.oui»
I- 1 . SIohh Jr., A. L. 8cott and Joseph tilo«a,
all, of Ban FrancUico.
Furniture Men Organize.
INDIANAPOLIS, Ind., Dec. 2I.-An ef
fort Is brink- made to form a .national
organization of furniture manufac
turers. J. Newton Nlnd of . Chi
cago and C. C. Loring of Bos
ton, promoters, met a number of local
furniture men here to-night and explained
the project to them. The idea, it is said,
is to organize for "mutual protection."
not to raise prices. Nind and Lorlng are
visiting the manufacturers and it
is thought likely an organization will be
perfected soon. The feeling here is favor
able to organization. ,
Fork Poisons the Family.
COLUMBUS, O., Dec. 24.-Charles C.
Lemert, 1205 Dennison avenue, executive
clerk to Governor Nash, and his entire
family were poisoned by eating pork for
dinner last evening. Some time after the
meal members of the family were taken
ill and a physician was summoned. He
pronounced the illness due to the condi
tion of the meat. Lemmert was unable td
be at his office to-day, but it is thought
his condition is not serious.
Senator Sewell Not Failing.
CAMDEN, N. J., Dec. 24. — Senator
Sewell was reported to-njght by his phy
sicians as holding his own. He is prac
tically in the same condition as he has
been for the last three or four days. Dur
ing the afternoon the Senator had a weak
spell, but recovered toward evening. One
of his physicians said that no change for
the worse is anticipated at present.
Seamans Resting Comfortably.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 24.— General Wil
liam H. Seamans, Adjutant General of
California, is seriously ill at the Arling
ton Hotel in this city as a result of an
attack of Inflammatory rheumatism which
has left his heart in a very weak state.
The surgeons in attendance stated to
night, however, that he had rested com
fortably during the day.
To List Italian Stocks.
ROME, Dec. 24.— The Minister of the
Treasury, Slgnor de Brogllo. has In
structed Sl<<nor E. Mayor des Planches,
the* Italian Embas.saJor at Washington,
lo open Jiegotiations for the purpose of
having Italian rentes listed on the New
York and other American stock . ex
changes.
Jamaica Will Send Fruit.
KINGSTON. Jamaica, Dec. 24.— A
French syndicate Is making preliminary
arrangements with the view of starting
a fruit business In Jamaica. It is pro
posed, to load two steamers every fort
night for different ports of Europe.
Flagship Kentucky at Woo Sung.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 24.— The Navy De
partment to-day . received a cablegram
announcing the arrival yesterday at Woo
Sung, China, of Rear Admiral Kempff,
aboard his flagship, the Kentucky.
DB. KILMEB'S SWAMP-BOOT.
IS IT AN EPIDEMIC?
Vital Statistics Show an Alarming
Increase in an Already Prevailing
Disease — Are Any Exempt?
At po time in the history of disease ha:
there been such an alarming increase ir
the number of cases of any particulaj
malady as in that of kidney and bladdei
troubles now preying upon the people o:
this country.
To-day we see a relative, a friend or ar
acquaintance apparently well, and in t
few days we may be grieved to learn o)
their serious illness or sudden death,
caused by that fatal type of kidnej
trouble — Brlght's disease.
Kidney trouble often becomes ad-
vanced into acute stages before thi
afflicted is aware of its presence; that is
why we re.ad of so many sudden deaths
of prominent business and professional
men. physicians and others. They hav«
neglected to stop the leak In time.
While scientists are puzzling their
brains to find out the cause, each indi-
vidual can by a little precaution avoid the
chances of contracting dreaded and dan-
gerous kidney trouble, or eradicate it
completely from their system if already
afflicted. Many precious lives might hav«
been, and many more can yet be saved,
by paying attention to the kidneys.
It Is the mission of The Call to benefit
its readers at every opportunity and
therefore we advise all who have any
symptoms of kidney or bladder trouble to
write to-day to Dr. Kilmer & Co.. Bing-
hamton, N. Y., for a free sample bottle
of Swamp-Root, the celebrated specific
which is having such a great demand and
remarkable success in the cure of the
most distressing kidney and bladder
troubles. With the sample bottle of
Swamp-Root will also be sent free a
pamphlet and treatise of valuable infor-
mation. ,
For test Chth at Moderate K rices
GOTO
JOE POHEIM, THE TAILOR
ioo Hifferent Styles AH Wool
J?^l Suits to Order,
T|T $15.50 and $17150
if\fj\ 150 Designs forDressy
/ VX \ Suits to Order,
J J \ $25.00 and $30.00
I j •! x±/ Overcoats,
■ L \T $20.00 and $25.00
1 m\ Pants to Order,
I $4.50 to $10.00
I «?<\ 201-103 Montgomery St.
I m\ 1 1 10-1 112 Market Street,
I .I|.h\ S: N FRANCISCO
*»^0lQBk$ J 43 S. Spring Street,
<g^ LOS ftNGELES.
K««rly fveryhody M«m» to b« taking Pi*>f. Mo«.
/on 1 * « old < «tro whenever • cold appear*. It
relieves the 1- » 1. new, throat and lung* ... quickly
thai acold need no lonetr bea forerunner of crippe,
diphtheria or pneumonia. A vial o( tha Cold turn
Is like a li'o inituranve policy. Every on* of hi*
remtdi«it i* an mm, Moatlv ftc. vial. Culdn to
He«lth fr<-«\ Miinwn. Sew York and Philadelphia,
Mimov* v*""am:b cube^ tAXABau.
#U\I. VIGOK.VITALIIYior M£N
mormon msiiop-a in. us
have been In uso over (Hty
years by tho leaders of the
Mormon Church and their
followers. Positively cure tho
worst cases In old and young
arising from effects of self-
abuse. dissipation, excesses or
cigarette-smoking. Cure Loat
Manhood. Impotency, Lost
Power. Night Leases, Insom
nla. Pains In Back. Evil Desires. Latne Back.
Nervous Debility. Headache. Unfitness to Mar-
ry, Loss of Semen, mmt Varlcocele or Con-
stipation. Stop Ner nfl vous Twitching of
Eyelids. Effects are +* *~ Immediate. Im-
part vigor and pote CcATS ncy to every func-
tion. Don't get despondent; a cure is at hand.
Restore small, undeveloped organs. Stimulate
the brain and nerve centers; 50c a box; 6 for
12 50 by mall. A written guarantee to cure or
money refunded with 6 boxes. Circulars freo.
Address BISHOP REMEDY CO., 40 Ellla St..
San Francisco. CaL GRANT DRUG CO.. Zt
and 40 Third et.
6 visit DR. JORDAN'S great*
OF AHATOMY#
0 C& ■ l!511CASZ2T:T.ta.6:!H7:S,3.F.C»l.£
\ .Cj The Largest Anatomical Museum in the \
& _ rtfew World. Weaknesses or an; contracted 3
i. R2?2w disease positively e »,edhythff oldest "
© /fS SJ 9 S>peci»iist on the Coast Esc 36 years. ©
A QVg&h CR. JORDAN-DISEASES OF MEN A
\ f -Consultation free and strictly private. \
m I n*7 n Tr«ntrnent personally or by letter. A m
\ m W Tl M •T'™* Cur * in CTer 7 case undertaken. \
AvS II 0 Write for Book. PHILOSOPHY of A
V ' H I! 7 * BAMIIIAGE. MAILED FREE. ( A. W
A Ok 11' valuable book for men) x
f DB. JORDAN A CO., 1051 Market St.S. F. V
I DR.PIERCES
jpQHDE$l
" MEDICAL
FOR THE
I BLOOD.iaVER.LUMGS.
. — . _
fi3& CHtCHSSTER'S ENGLISH
BiHS^K a . »r Of'* 1 "" 1 *»<• «»ly Ceasing
K it TttN^^IT. Alwaj.i reliable. Ladle . uk Urn -trlH
*J< J&Sl *» CHICHESTEK-S E>fGIJ§H
tfL^' ; %&y\ la , _ UEI> • n<1 UoM m«t»U'o boxe. k»!«|
T» Sr KrA 5?" 1 ""*• rtbbo ?- T»ke no •ther. Re.'nta
Tn *&* 2>*»««r«M "»«h»tltntlon» and Iralt».
I / (ZT «•■•. Buj of your Dru W i«i, or ,« a 4 4*. la
\V /** *»<l'KeJl«r forLadie*, "m<e««r, if re.
-V___/' *»™ M«1L 1O.OMO Te.tla.nUl*.- Sold ky
„ T~^' •** Dragiliu. Chlehmter Chemical C«i
Mention tbil pap.r. il a Jlnor Boun, 1" U 1 1L A., ifc
»» -f S!g «} la • non-pobesotw
JPjgEitB&aSfeljS J?, med y for Gonorrhoea,
? «»iiBre*w3 p lc «t. Spermatorrhoea,
/S£gir CUntS Whites, unnatnral dia-
*55s»/in 1 to 5 day*. Vj charge*, cr any inllimma-
Ft£¥ Ouraaued to ** tion, irritation or nicer**
¥\ f iR Prerent toQiftf ion* tion of mucous Dioca-
WSE»V INI 1 "'" sSSSor »™t in plain -rrappor,
>«33SV.t;. J&A t>7 espreas, prepaid, lot
*£$3&Sbto-*«f&r\i «!•«). or 3 bottles. »2.75.
V^^PKyB Circnlsr sent oa reqaert.
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DAMIAJCA BITTERS. THE
Great Mexican Remedy: gives n-»alth ».jid
strength to sexual organs. Depot. j2S Market.
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogues and Price Lists Mailed
V-; on Application.
COAL, COKE AND PIQ IRON.
JT U II SftN * C(\ °°° Battery Street.
» Iw- niLJUfl g WU-. Telephone Main lSOi.
FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
¥ 1 C RIWFC X- Ci\ Shipping Butchers, 1O*
JA5- OUICJ tt tU Clay. Tel. Man 1294.
OILS.
LUBRICATING OILS. LEONARD & KLLI9,
418 Front- «tt.. S. F. Phone Main 171V.
PRINHNQ.
P T HTTGHPS PRINTER,
C- V- IIUUIICO 611 Sansome St., S. 7.
. PRINTERS, BOOKBINDERS
THE HICKS-JUDD CO.,
23 First street. San Francisco.
34
SIR THOMAS UPTON RECEIVES GIFTS
FROM AMERICAN FRIENDS AND KING
Those Who Were Guests on Board the Erin During the
Yacht Races Present a Magnificent Punch Bowl, and
Edward VII Sends Cigarette Case With Royal Monogram
LONDON", Dec. 24.— Sir Thomas Lip
ton to-day received a magnificent
silver" punch bowl and a stand as
a Christmas gift from John
Crimmins, J. H. Flagler, Charles
Dana Gibson, Judge Morgan O'Brien and
nineteen other Americans, who were
guests on board the Erin during the races
this year for the America's cup. Sir
Thomas said:
"I cannot say how delighted I am. It
merely shows that if a man does the
right thing in America they appreciate it
as no other people do. I have -never re
ceived anything I valued more than this
splendid gift from my American friends."
King Edward has presented Sir Thomas
Upton with a cigarette case bearing the
royal monogram. It is a replica of the
one the King himself uses.
REVOLUTION IIN VENEZUELA I© SPREADING
Continued from Pa'ge One.
before one of the inferior tribunals at
Carupano and lodged a motion to he
placed in possession of the asphalt lakes
pending the issue of the principal suit at
Caracas. The local tribunal found for the
Warner-Quinlan people, and an appeal
was taken to the Court of Ffrst Instance,
at Cumano. This court has now decided
in fuvor of the Warner-Quinlan syndicate,
granting them a decree and authorizing
them to take possession. The Bermudeee
Company, however, is in actual possession
of the lakes with a strong- force of labor
ers not without military training and led
by capable men, including, it Is under
stood, some of the cadets who recently
were expelled from the United States
Military Academy for hazing, and it is
expected they will not surrender the lakes
unless the Supreme Court at Caracas ren
ders a decision adverse to them.
AN ULTIMATUM EXPECTED.
Germany Will Take Such Action Un
less Venezuela Yields.
BERLIN, Dec. 24.— The announcement
that Germany had sent an ultimatum
to Venezuela has been conspicuously
printed in the press here. Those news
papers maintaining the closest relations
with the Government affirm that this
news is premature. While an ultimatum
has not yet been delivered to Venezuela,
Jh*-y say. this step will soon be taken un
less Venezuela yields to what are deemed
thp reasonable demands of Germany.
The Cologne Volks Zeitung, in an exten-
Blre article on Germany's attitude to
ward the Monroe doctrine, asserts that
Divorce Suits Filed.
Suit? for divorce were filed yesterday
by. William R. Dalzelee against Kittle G.
Iialzelee. on statutory grounds; Annie
Jones against Henry T. Jones, for failure
to provide; J. Fennimore Welsh against
Kaiherine Jane Welsh, for desertion;
Maggie Blaise against Henry J. Blaise,
for failure to provide: Elizabeth Black
burn against William H. Blackburn, for
des'.Ttion.
Games at Eder Jai.
Kiior Jai will present , a most enter
taining schedule of games during the
present holiday week. Commencing with
to-day there will be a special tournament
at the cancha. in which the redoubtable
six will participate. The regular game
will be played to-morrow, as also on Sat
urday and Sunday. During next week
games will be held on New Year's, as well
as on Thursday, Saturday and Sunday.
BRITISH YACHTSMAN WHO IS HONORED BY AMERICANS AND
KING EDWARD, WHO HAVE PRESENTED HIM WITH FITTING
TESTIMONIALS OF THE HIGH REGARD IN WHICH HE IS HELD.
the assurances of Dr. von Holleben. the
German Kmbaesador to the United States,
with regard to the Venezuelan matter, in
dicate Germany's recognition of the Mon
roe doctrine in a more absolute manner
than has heretofore been done. It says
Germany bows to the Monroe doctrine,
and alludes to the expression of the late
Prince Bismarck that the Monroe doc
trine was "a piece of impudence." This
utterance of the German statesman,
which is doubtless authentic, has just
been published for the first time by the
Hamburger Nachrichten, Bismarck's
household organ. Nevertheless, the
Cologne Volks Zeitung admits that "the
impudence of the United States" is suc
ceeding brilliantly, and that Europe is al
ready accustoming itself to the idea of
the tutelage of the United States in South
America.
The Cologne Volks Zeitung concludes by
paying: "Must Germany really ask
Washington's permission to collect 3,000,
000 marks from Venezuela? Must we
pocket all sorts of warnings and con
cealed threats?" • -
SPAIN TO MAKE A PLEA.
Venezuela Will Try for a Rpconcila-
tion With France.
PARIS, Dec. 24.— Venezuela having
failed last year In her attempt to renew
diplomatic relations with France, even
after the good offices of the United
States had been invoked to assist in the
negotiations, has at last got the Spanish
Government to instruct the' Spanish' Em
bassador in Paris to plead her cause. The
Embassador, Marquis Leon y Castillo, has
laid the proposals of Venezuela before
the French Government and they will
Man Under Water Nine Hours.
CHICAGO, Dec. 24.— Captain Louis Sar
cho to-night broke the world's record for
remaining under water, in a diving suit.
In a big tank at the Coliseum he lay im
mersed under ten feet of water for nine
hours. The feat is accomplished by com
ing up under a sunken barrel. -The best
previous achievement of the kind was
eight hours and thirty minutes. Sarcho is
the diver whose exploits in exploring the
wreck of the battleship Maine attracted
attention in the harbor of Havana.
Make Attack on the Wrong Man.
John Redmond, employed at the Union
Iron Works, was attacked at •an early
hour yesterday morning on Potrero ave
nue by two men who mistook him for a
ecab. In the tight that followed Redmond
knocked out his two assailants, and sent
one of them, James McNamara, to the
Emergency Hospital with a broken leg.
The other man escaped. .
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 25, 1901,
shortly be taken into consideration. The
basis of the proposals is as follows:
Arrangement of the French claims aris
ing out of the revolutions of 1892, 1898, 1899,
1!M)O and 1901, within a period which shall
not exceed one year.
Venezuela demands that in future
France, like Italy, shall recognize the
Venezuelan courts as having jurisdiction
to decide France's claims and that the
duties imposed on Venezuelan coffee im
ported into France shall be removed.
Uhe French* Government intends, if its
conditions are not accepted soon, to im
pose prohibitive import duties on Vene
zuelan cocoa, 74 per cent of the crop of
which is consumed by this country. If
this measure were to be put into effect
it would ruin Venezuela-, which would not
know where to place cocoa. The Caracas
Chamber of Commerce, realizing the dan
ger, has written to the Chambers of Com
merce at Havre, Bordeaux and Marseilles
to the effect that it is endeavoring to In
duce the Government of. Venezuela to lis
ten to reason In order that an under
standing may be arrived at. '
It is said that Cecilio Castro, who has
been already charged with a diplomatic
and financial mission in France, which
was fai^ from successful, will leave Car
acas December 2? in order to Bubmit the
memorandum, revised by President Cas
tro.
The French Government is determined
not to be lenient, having, five years ago
accepted a protocol signed by General
Peitri, the authorized representative of
Venezuela, which was afterward refused
by the Government of Venezuela. It is
considered at the French Foreign Office
that Senor Castro's voyage will be useless
unless he takes with him a document
signed by President Castro, which would
become a protocol and would have to be
accepted by the Venezuelan Congress be
fore the French Government ratified it
Percentage Poker Test Case.
When the cases of Adolph Franzini,
manager of the poker game in the /Cafe
Royal, and R. Shrensky, manager of the
game in the Baldwin, Annex, were called
in Judge Cabaniss' court yesterday Attor
ney Henry Ach demurred to the com
plaint on the -ground that the ordinance
under which it was drawn was illegal, as
gambling was covered by the State law
The Judge continued the matter till to
morrow for further argument.
Army Eleven Defeats Navy.
SAN DIEGO, Dec. 24.— At football to
day the army team, comprised of players
from the barracks, defeated* the navy
eleven, made up of bluejackets from the
United States steamer. Alert. The score
was 6 to 0.
• During the last summer season the. as
cent-of Mount Blanc was made by 141
tourist s. . -• ' ■■ •;' : v,:. , \ v< ■■':. "-■ t
MICHIGAN TEAM
ARRIVES HERE
Noted Football Men Are
En Route to South
ern California.
Will Play the Stanford Eleven
• at Pasadena on New
Year's Day. ' '
The invincible, all-conquering football
team representing the. University of Mich
igan arrived last night in its special car
attached to the limited. The men went
at once to the Palace, where they will
remain until to-morrow, when they will
proceed to Pasadena.
They are rrjaking the long pilgrimage
from Ann Arbor, Mich., to meet the foot
ball eleven of Stanford University on New
Year's day at the Pasadena Tournament
of Roses. The Stanford men have been
on the scene some days and are training
assiduously for their meeting with the
Michigan eleven. -
The latter team has the extraordinary
record of having scored 501 points during
the past season, arid has not been scored
against during the same period. Much
credit has been given F. H. Yost, who
coached the team this year, for the bril
liant record it has made. His work ha-5
given such satisfaction that he has been
engaged for another three years with the
Ann Arbor institution of learning. In 1900
he coached the Stanford University team,
when the cardinal defeated the University
of California by a score of 5 to 0, the win
ning points ' being scored by Trae^er in
the last few moments of play.
Michigan has always enjoyed a wealth
of football material second to none in the
country, and haa invariably turned out
strong- and formidable teams. In the Mid
dle West she has always held a place in
the front rank among the colleges, and
has exerted wide influence in popularizing
football.
The members of the Michigan party reg
istered at the Palace are: Snow, Weeks,
Sweeley, Redden, Shorts, Graver, Heston,
Gregory, Wilson, Hernsteln, McGuggin,
Redner, Forrest, Southworth, White, Fit?-
Patrick, Manager Baird, Coach Yost, Rob
inson, Crafts and Eversman.
The visitors will be entertained at din
ner to-night at the California Hotel, cov
ers being laid for fifty. It is expected that
the banquets and the various changes of
climate through which the men are pass-
Ing will play havoc with their condition.
They expect a week at Pasadena to put
them on edge for the New Year's day
game, however.
COACH SIMPSOKT RETURNS.
Berkeley Football Leader Present at
Many Big Games.
Dr.' Frank Simpson, head football coach
of the University of California, has re
turned from his wedding trip through lite
East. He reached the East during the
height of the football season and saw tre
majority of the big games.
On the Monday after reaching New
York Dr. Simpson saw Columbia practice
On Tuesday he saw Yale practice. Wed
nesday he was present when West Point
P'ayed the University of Pennsylvan-a.
Thursday he saw Harvard practice and
Saturday he was one of the 37,000 specta
tors who saw Harvard defeat Yale 22-3
•Harvard was in a class by herself this
ve ar. said Dr. Simpson yesterday. "She
had the heaviest team in the East and the
best material. Her players were all well
trained. Yale s men were out of condi
tion. Captain Gould said their method
was to play them until they rounded back
into condition, a system of which I do
not approve.
. ] ? a I vard took Yale's tackleback play
of 1900, with which she defeated the
former by a score of 28-0, and revised and
changed it, making it more effective. This
play helped defeat Yale. Harvard had
another play which was both pretty and
effective. At the kiqkoff her forwards ran
back toward their own goal to meet the
runner. Encircling him they advanced
the ball up the field. .
"The West Point- Annapolis game was
a brilliant spectacle, as the army and
navy men among the spectators were in
full uniform. The day was an ideal one
for football. The game was a close one
Annapolis putting up a great game in the
second half.
"I found but little difference between
the game as played An the East and on
this coast. I was afforded every oppor
tunity of noting their methods of play
and of coaching, as I was on the field be
hind the teams while they were at prac
tice and on the side lines during the
games. At some of the colleges there was
a noticeable lack of that spirit with which
the students at the University of Califor
nia support their players."
SEEK A NEW OWNER FOR
NEW YORK BASEBALL CLUB
Spalding Wishes E. B. Talcott, a
Former Stockholder, to Purchase
Freedman's Interest in Club.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 24.— A. G. Spald
ing, who was elected president, secretary
and treasurer of the National Baseball
League by a faction of that organization
at, its last meeting in New York, had a
conference to-day with Edward B. Tal
cott, one of the former stockholders In
the New York club. The object of the
conference was to induce Mr. Talcott to
resume his connection with the latter or
ganization and to endeavor, if possible,
to purchase the interests of President
Freedman. Mr. Spalding said in his opin
ion nothing would so popularize the game
In New York as would the return of Mrt
Talcott to an active participation in the
sport in that city. Mr. Talcott will take
the matter under consideration.
NEW YORK. Dec. 24.— Delancey Nicoll
attorney for Andrew J. Freedman of the
New York Baseball Club, made public a
letter tp-day replying to and commenting
upon the document addressed to the Na
tional League clubs on Saturday last by
A. G. Spalding. The letter was addressed
to the Boston, Cincinnati and St. Louis
clubs and was as follows:
"You have called my attention to a let
ter received this day by you from Mr. A.
G. Spalding and have asked me what ef
fect, if any. It has upon the present con
troversy. It seems to me that the letter
amounts to a withdrawal on Mr. A. G.
Spalding's part from the office of presi
dent-secretary-treasurer of the National
League. He informs you that he 'must
refuse to act further as president-secre
tary-treasurer of the National League '
and goes on to say that it is 'up to each
club to do that which in its judgment
may .seem best for its own interests.'
Thia is in effect advice to the clubs to
shift for themselves. Mr. Spalding was
never elected president-secretary-treas
urer of the National League. His pre
tended election was entirely without au
thority. The courts have taken this view
of It by Issuing the Injunction, and Mr.
Spalding seems to have come to the same
conclusion himself. Every act of a part
of a National League by which it under
took to elect a president, director or other
officer, in the absence of a majority of
that body, was Illegal and the persons!
who held their respective offices by such
authority are open to the charge i of
usurpation of the functions of the office.
"It does not seem to me necessary that
you should make any reply to Mr. Spal
ding's communication of this morning
The status of the National League re
mains the same as it was .before the pre
tended election of Mr. Spalding as presi
dent-secretary-treasurer/'
Hew Year's Day at Burlingame.
President George Aimer Newhall of the
Burlingame Country Club haa made
following announcement of. sports and
pastimes with which the members will
open the new year on Wednesday next-
Members' golf handicap at eighteen
holes, medal play (foursomes) for trophies
offered by the club, will commence on the
club links at 10 a. m. Entries will close
on December 29 and should be made
singly, as the handicapping will. consist
if possible, in the assignment of partners
. A handicap pigeon shoot for a trophy
given by the club will commence at lO'SO
a. m.
There will be a "meet" of the San Ma
teo Hunt Club at 10:30 a. m.
A concert will take place during
luncheon.
An old bachelor says that love ia not
only blind, but dumb. : .
RING AT OAKLAND IS BADLY SINGED
OVER THE WINNING OF FOUR FAVORITES
Toijimy Burns Finally Strikes His Gait, Landing First on
Edgardo and Decoy— Quiz II Gets Home at Lengthy
Odds— Pompino Is Bid Up and Secured by T. H. Ryan
FOR just two Innings ! at Oakland
yesterday. things broke very bauly
for the talent, then business
picked up. The members of the
ring handled four very warm ones
in Pompino, Edgardo, Decoy and Danger
ous Maid, all favorites, until some of the
bank rolls were returned to this side of
the bay as light as a Coney Island bathing
suit. The fields were not above medioc
rity in class and nothing: of a sensational
nature marked the afternoon's sport. A
large crowd was in attendance.
Quiz II, with Kansch up," came out fresh
and bright looking as a spring poppy and
at odds of H to 1 won all the way in the
opening Futurity course sprint. IParsifal,
the 7 to 5 favorite, died away in the
stretch with Woods, losing out the place
to the 75 to 1 shot Hasp, ridden by little
Treanor. ••■..■•
On recent form Jacqueminot, the entry
of Walter Jennings, looked about the best
of the eight starters in the two-year-old
event next decided and was installed a
13 to 10 favorite. The iilly held the lead
to within a short distance of the wire,
where Quadra- got up and beat her a neck.
The winner had Bullman in the saddle
and closed at 8 to 1. Flo Culver finished
third.
The talent stayed with Louis Ezell's
Sharp Bird, making the erratic sprinter
favorite for the Futurity«course • selling
number. He showed speed out in front
and then faded away as usual. At the
wire Pompino won, ridden out. from Flo
ronso. At a longer route the latter could
possibly have won. De Capo ran into
show.
' Tommy Burns landed his first winner
at the meeting in the seven furlong sell
ing affair. He had the mount on Edgardo,
which was played down from 4 to 8 to 5.
It took some hard urging to get the brown
gelding to the front, but at the finish he
disposed of the 100 to 1 shot Bagdad hand
ily. Kitty Kelly, a well-backed one, took
show honors. ■
Following up this win Burns had the leg
up on Decoy, favorite for the mile and a
sixteenth run, and was never headed.
Bullman succeeded in getting left at the
post with Essence and .old Cromwell
downed Colonel Ballantyne a neck for the
place.
Figured an absolute certainty for the
final sprint by the handicappers. Danger
ous Maid was fortunate to win. She
passed Saul of Tarsus in the stretch and
was then extended to the last pound to
beat Matt Hogan a neck.
Track Notes.
After Pompino had won the third event,
entered to be sold for $300, he was bid up
to $700 by Tom Ryan, the Illinois turfman-
Sam Judge, his owner, let the gelding go
at that fisure.
At last Tommy Burns broke the ice,
finishing first on Edgardo and Decoy.
i The New California Jockey Club makes
the following announcement to horsemen
regarding future stake payments: A pay
ment of $25 is due on January 1 next on
the yearlings (coming two-year-olds) that
have been qualified to date in the Cali
fornia Futurity. This stake will be run
in December, next racing season, and has
IS750 added by the New California Jockey
Club. It will be worth about $20,000. A
similar payment of $75 is due at the same
time in the Western Produce Stakes, with
$5000 added by the New California Jockey
Club. This stake will be worth $10,000 and
will be run next March, during the present
racing season. Failure to make these
payments will, under the conditions of
the stake, declare the entry, as there are
no forfeits.
A splendid programme has been pre
pared for the edification of the big holiday
throng to-day. All interest, of course,
will center on the rich $3000 Christmas
handicap, in which the crack Watercure.
None's. Vesuvian, Autollght and Greyfeld
are numbered among the starters. It will
be one of the greatest contests of the sea
son.
The entries are as follows:
First race — Five and a half furlongs; selling;
two-year-olds: ■ .
2932 Sir Claus 103 2783 Parlzade ....109
3017 Flourish 107 3017 Porous 108
2988 Royal Rogue. 103 3005 Snowberry ..103
2S73 Dulcimer ....103 2951 Legal Maxlm.lOT.
3017 Dandy 106 2970 Angeleno ,...10«
3005 Matin Bell... 103 2963 Tyranus 105
Second race — Six and a half furlongs; sell
ing; three-year-olds and upward:
2301 Osmond 109 2970 King Dellls..ll2
29(11 Nellie Forest.104 3026 Gibraltar 112
(3011)Mid. Chimes. .109 S002 Lou CHevedenl0!>
2969 Mission 100 3032 Hungarian ..100
3032 Orleans 104 3001 'Wyoming 109
Third race — One and three-eighth miles: hur
dle handicap; three-year-olds and upward:
(3006)Ph Archibald.133 3022 Romany 125
2310 Ld Chesterf'dl33 2843 Distance ....125
300G Sam Green.. .125 3000 Rainier 129
2610 Rio Chico...-110
DENVER POOLROOMS
* CLOSED BY THE SHERIFF
He Is Acting Under an Order Issued
by Judge Johnson of the
District Court.
\ DENVER, . Colo., Dec. 24.— Judge John
son of the District Court to-day notified
the proprietors of poolrooms and bucket
shops operating in Denver and the Den
ver Mining Stock Exchange, through the
Sheriff, that they must discontinue busi
ness at once. The poolroom operators,
who have been protected against the city
authorities by an injunction Issued some
months ago by Judge Palmer of the same
court, say they will obey Judge John
son's order, as Judge Palmer's injunction
does not apply to the county authorities.
The others affected, however, declare the
court has no right to make such an order
in their case and that they shall open
for business as usual Thursday morning.
Besides the poolrooms the following were
served with Judge Johnson's i notice to
day:
1 Denver Mining Stock Exchange, L. M.
Davidson, John G. Morgan, Brokerage
Company and W. B. Ray.
It is said others will be served on
Thursday.
Judge Johnson said to-night that he
should probably take no further action
in the matter until the cases have been
investigated by the Grand Jury, which is
now in session.
WILL PLAY BASEBALL
AT RECREATION PARK
All-Americas and Nationals to Meet
To-Day in Both. Morning' and
Afternoon Games.
The All- American ball tossers are to do
a few more stunts at Recreation Park this
week. This Is perhaps the fastest ball
team that ever crossed the continent, and
it has made a great impressiQn on the
local fans. This week's series should
give the stars ample opportunity to show
what they are capable of doing, for they
are going up against "Jake Beckley's
National League aggregation. Two games
will be played to-day, the first at 10:30
a. m. and the afternoon game at 2:30. The
same teams are to play Friday and Sat
urday. On Sunday the San Francisco
team will meet the All-Americans for the
last time:
All American. Positions. " Nationals.
Sullivan '.. Catcher Chance
Mercer. Pitcher Schmidt
Davis First base .Beckley
Lajole Second base Mertes
Bradley • - - Third base Hulen
Irwln Shortstop Stelnfeldt
Pickering Left, field McHala
Barrett Center field... Van Haltren
Frazer. . . ; . • • • • Right field : Carr
Cyclist Freeman Wins a Race,
BOSTON, Dec. 24.— H. B. Freeman of
Portland, Or., won the twenty-five-mile
open professional bicycle race on the Park
square track to-day In 1:06:08. W. H. Rutz
of New Haven, second: -Jean Gougoltz of
Paris, third; Ben Munroe of Memphis,
Terin., fourth, and Nat Butler, fifth..
PORT. TOWNSEND. Dec, 24.— The last . of
the heavy fines imposed upon Nome steamers
for ■ carrying an excessive number of passen
gers was remitted to-day. It was one of $6G50
against the steamer Portland for bringing
from Nome 133 more passengers than permitted
by her license. . ' , • .
THE CALL'S RACING FORM CHART.
OAKLAND BACETKACK— Tuesday., Dec. 24.^— Wjgatherfi^ie^^TrjLclc^a^t.
3O2O. FIRST RACE — Futurity course; selling; three- year-olda; value to first. $^25.
j ' BettiBg.
Index Horse and Weight. St. K. «j. Str. Fin. Owner and Jockey. Op. C1
29G7' Quiz II ..104 ~4 11 1 Hi 11 11% J. M. Crane .Ranseh 8 5
3010 Rasp 104 S 6h 51 32 25 J. Green .... .Treanor _2O 6W
3011 Parsifal 105 5 3 2 an 21 3n J. D. Fitzgerald. -VV pods »-olo-10
3022 Courtier 104 7 7n 61 52 42 Kzell & Lazaru 3; .Blrkrth 3 ( _^.
301« Modder 108 .1 2 h 3 2 41 52 Jennings & L0..0 Connor *> <m.
2SCC Game Warden.... 101 1 8 8 6n B^ c. E. Murry.... Jackson « f.>
3022 Compass 104 2 5 1 7 1 8 7 1 Jame a Wilson. ...McGinn . 5 »
3022 Intrada 104 6 4 % 4 Si 7 n 8 ! Wheeler & Creelmn. Hoar, 2O M>
Time — To H. :21%; te-«.. :*eV~: last %. 1:01: short *i. 1:11. Good start. Won easily Sec
ond and third driving. Winner, J. M. Crane's b. g. by St. Florian-Queenstown. Winner
was ready for any sort of a rumpus. Parsifal stopped in the stretch. Courtier a slow
beginner. Modder bluffed for a time. Compass sulks. Scratched— Captivate 1W. Mrs.
IBruneUlO^SlssenvinelQj. ,. w^- W Tj-..- 1 .-^- 1 .^^- w .>^ J -^r>^> J^^.>^ -<- - -r-o-un
3O3O. SECOND RACE — Six furlongs; gelling; two-year-olds; value to first. $325.
; : ' : I Betting.
Index Horse and Weight. St. %. %. Str. Fin. Owner and Jockey. Op. Cl.
2940 Quadra 115 1 21 31 lh In Snider & Co Bullman 5 8
0J005) Jacqueminot 115 3 IS ,11' 24 25 Jennings & Co. .O'Connor 6-5 13-10
3007 Flo Culver 115 7 6% .5 1 4S 32 Stanfleld & Ellis. Tubervl 3 S
2803 Winnecook ....'..115 5 5 4 2 1 3 44 H. J. Wilson Hoar 50 2O
.'5010 Montoya 118 B»h 65 64 55 S. MeNaughton Burns 10 13
2934 Phyllis 115 2 4h 41 5 'A 65 Steraler & Co Ranach 5 ti
2070 Arthur Ray 118 48 8 7174 J. L. Clayton.. Birkenrth 15 25
2088 Discovery 113 8737388 |Ia, McCreery Howell CO 100
Time — 14, -.25; %. :40%; %. 1:14%. Fair start. "Won first three driving. Winner. G. W.
Snider & Co.'s ch. t. by Prestonpana-Mlss Belinda. Quadra outstayed the favorite. With
a better start Flo Culver might have won. Winnecook failed to go the route. Montoy*
quit early. Scratched — Baldo 115.
3Q.11. THIRD RACE — Futurity course; selling; all ages; value to first. $-125.
Bettinx.
Index Horse. Age. Weight. St. %. %. Str. Fin. Owner and Jockey. Op. CL
3016 Pompino, 6 113 2 4 5 3 2 3 2 11 S. Judge Hoar 4 3
:t001 Floronso. 6 113 6 6151 41 21 P. McGuire J. Woods 13-5 5
3010 De Capo, a 116 3 2 h 2 1 11 3 V 2 C W. Chappell .. .Stuart 6 8
2972 Sharp Bird. 4 116 111 13 2h, 4 10 Ez«ll & Lazarus.. Birkrth 2 16-5
21>;59 Edinborough, 4...11B 4 3 h 4 1 5 1 5 1 W. II. Ketcheman. Jckan fi 5
25S7 Gold Finder, 4... 113 5 72 72 78 61 M. Storn Logue GO f.0
8000 Kath. Ennls, 3,. .100 !> 8 6 S 8 10 7 5 Mrs. F. Spiers.. Ransom I 20 15
2248 Skip Me. 3 100 7 5n 61 6%8 15 Covington & Co..Vlckery 30 KO
2455,,; Mellocole. 4 113 8 9 9 {> 0 D. S. Fountain.. Mouncei 8 10
Time — To 1-4. :21^i; to Vz. :45}i; last %. 1:01; short %, 1:11. Good start. Won first thre« ■
driving. Winner. S. Judge's b. g. by Puryear D-Sweet Peggy. Floronso cut off two or thc^|
times or he would have won. Was best at the finish. Pompino changed owners. TriaH
too much weight on De Capo. Mellocole is wind-broken. Sharp Bird flew the cooj^ 1
Scratched — Midnight Chimes 113. Ben Ledi 113, Dawson 97. .
3032. FOURTH RACE — Seven furlongs; selling; 3-year-old9 and up; value to first. $325.
Betting.
Index Horse. Age. Weight. St. M. %. Str. Fin. Owner and Jockey. Op. CL
29SC Edgardo, 4 107 7 6'i3h 1% 12 L. McCreery ... T. Burns! 5-2 0-5
2985 Bagdad. 4 ...107 6 7 6n 3h 22 H. la. Haskell. Winslette! 6<> 10O
3012 Kitty Kelly, 4 113 1 11 1 tj 2 S 2 |W. L. Stanfleld. Tubervll! 4 7
3003 Merpps, 0 Ill 4 2n 4h 5% 4n IF. D. Weir Hoar! « H
o016 Orleans, 3 106 3 5 1 2 1 4% 53 |J. Burrows Jackson] 3 7-2
2970 Hungarian. 5 110 2 417 7 6 6 |G. W. Miller Mounce « 12
301tt ICapt. Galnes. 4..114I 5 3 h 5 2 « 1 7 |W. G. Matthews. Bullmn' ■*: 5
Time — y 3 , :18; *,i. :24%; %, :49^; %. 1:14£; Ta. 1:27>4. Good start. Won easily after *
drive. Second and third driving. Winner. X*. AlcCreery's br. g. by The Tiger- Lucia di
Lammermoor. Edgardo bad-gaited and a slow beginner. Kitty Kelly will improve. Me
rops did not run his race by any means. Hungarian can also do better. Capt. Gaines no
account. Scratched — Dunblane 114.
3033. FIFTH RACE — 1 1-16 miles: selling; three-year-olds and up; value to first, $325.
T~BouingI
Index Horse. Age. Weight. St. %. %. Str. Fin. Owner and Jockey. | Op. CL
2937 Decoy. 4 100| 3 12 11 12 12 IGeo. Miller T. Burns! 6-5 13-10
2091 Cromwell, a 110 2 2 2 2n 4 2 2n !E. W. Purser.. J. Woods 4 1
(3022) Col. Ballantyne, 3.103 1 .? h 5 1 3 '£ 3 3 ID. Wheelihan Jacksonj « J>-2
3025 Grand Sachem, 6.105 5 ti 3 4n 21 45 J. J. Moran Redfeml 8 12
2907 Alicia, a 110 7 7 6 1 53 5 10 P.Moore Mounce : 5 10
o0l5 Windward, 5 108 4 41 SI 66 6 10 Hennessy & CcA.*Kfillyi 10 20
"2814 Einstein, 6 105] 5 5 }i 7 7 7 I.. Levy Birkenrutti^^ 8 29
29*.>1 [Essence. 4 109[ Left Burns & Waterhse.BIlmni^^A^ - 1JU 8
Time— Vi. :24%; U. :49Vi; 9i. 1:16; m.. 1:42: 1 1-16 m., 1:4T«. Good start except Essence
Won first three driving. Winner, Geo. Miller's b. gr. by I>eceiver-Nantucket. Cromwell
had some bad. luck around the stretch turn or he might have registered first. Decoy
possessed most speed. Sachem ran a fair race. Windward In too fast company Scratched
--LouClievedenlOSjiGoldBaronlO^Wywnin^
"(».'{ 1. SIXTH RACE — Futurity course; selling; all ages; value to first, $325.
Index Horse. Age. Weight. St. %. %. 3tr. Fin. Owner and Jockey. I Op. CL
3000 Dangerous lid. 4.113 2 31 22 In In Burns & Waterhse.Spncri 6-5 JTs
2850 Matt Hogan, 5... 113 7 61 5h 53 22 Magrane & Co. .. Bullman « 8
2820 Saul of Tarsus, .4.113 3 '11 11 3n 3ns S. McXaughton.T. Burns « is
3016 Afghan, a 113 4 4 Vi 3 1 -Hj 4 H C. Lind BIrkenruth 8 4
2940 Alzura, 3 ...109 6 5 2 4 1 2 1 6 2 A. H. Vivell Jack3onl 6 1"
3000 Tizona. 4...'. 113 5 8 10 8 10 i 2 «6 Partington Bros.. Mouncei lrt 12
2953 Novia. 6 113 8 7 1 7 1 8 10 7 15 J. G. Brown & Co.J.Wdsi 1O 40
.... Chappie, a. .......113 1 2h R % 81 8 10 J. Morehouse.F. Xarvaez 60 10O
Mallakwa, 5 116 0 9 0 0 0 D. Cameron Howell 20 6t»
2604 Dr. Boyle. 4 113| Left J. C. Xealon Tamplin 30 10O
Time— To 14. :21%: to Y 2 . :-*5%; last %, 1:00»£: short %. 1:10^. Good start Won fl-st
tbrae driving. Winner, Burns & Waterhouae's ch. m. by St. Leonards-Hand Maid Off
better Hogan would have won. He also ran out in the stretch. Tarsus ran a "swe'l
race. Afghan outsprinted. Alzura a "mudder." Novia not up to much Scratched—
Clarando 113, Almoner 113.
Fourth race — One and a quarter miles;
Christmas handicap; purse fSOOO; three-year
olds and upward:
(2089) Watercure ...128 29S3 Autollght ...122
3027 Janice 105 1 2089 Veeuvian 119
Nones 115 3028 Greyfeld 112
|3002)Icicle 100 20D6 Rosormonde . 97
(294l)Imperious ... 95 2972' Goal Runner. 95
2977 Brutal .... 95 3027 Rio Shannon. 95
Fifth race — Six furlongs; San Leandro handi
cap; two-year-olda :
CHHISTMAS BBIUGS
SMALL JOY TO BRITONS
London Editors Comment on the Fact
That the War Is Not
Ended.
LONDON. Dec. 25.— "Christmas 'for the
third year in succession finds the country
engaged in war," is the burden of the edi
torials in the London papers this morning
and regrets are expressed that the casual
ty lists issued to-day totals forty-nine
men killed and seventy-one wounded. Sat
isfaction, however, is found in the fact
that the process of attrition brings the
end of the struggle perceptibly nearer.
Compensation is likewise found in the
undiminished loyalty displayed by the
columns. . . •
Christmas brought a change of weather
conditions in Europe, where the severe
frost and -snow have given way to cold
rain and sleet. • In London the wretched
weather threw a considerable gloom over
the festivities. Shopkeepers suffered
heavily, as the downpour kept thousands
of people indoors.
Among the great cities of the world
New York is regarded as having the
preatest cause to rejoice for material
prosperity. Rome and St. Petersburg are
fairly prosperous, but Paris, Berlin and
Vienna are all suffering from bad trade
conditions.
The Prince and Princess of Wales pre
sided yesterday at the annual distribution
of gifts, joints of beef, etc. to the tenants
at Sandringham, on behalf of the absent
King.
BALTIMORE SYNDICATE MAKES,
Continued from Page One.
with the members of the Board of Super
visors. Henry H. Lynch, who at present
holds the position of superintendent of
construction, will also be supplanted.
The Baltimore syndicate will make vast
improvements in its San Francisco
property. Residents of San Francisco are
under the impression that this city has
the finest street car service in the world.
The Eastern street car men claim, how
ever, that there ,ia room for great Im
provement and that they will make many
changes for, the betterment of the road.
They say they will put a large amount
of new rolling stock on the road and In
some districts they will shorten the time
between cars.
The syndicate is already making ar
rangements for an all-night car service
"Owl" cars, running at intervals of half
an hour, will be put on in a few months.
The Baltimore men claim that thia all
night service can be made to pay but
whether it does or not, they say, thev
see no reason why San Francisco as a
metropolitan city should not have as
good a service as cities of smaller popu
lation Jn the East. -
„ PURSE SNATCHER IN COURT-Nicholas
Newman, alias Nicholas Lopes, appeared be
fore. Judge Conlan yesterday to answer a
charge or robbery. He grabbed a lady by the
arm on Dupont street, between Pacific and
Jackson, and* snatched her purse, but was
chased and captured by Policemen Tlllman
and Tyrrell. The case was continued till Frl-
,."024 Ishtar 08 3020 ReTdan 1U
( 2£o 6 , )!^r ste r Jeanlel l» 3020 Escalante ...lie
iSESSfe;;;^ 3017She11 M -«..io»
Sixth race— One mile; selling; all ages
29i4 Dawson 8-t 3023 St Cheitmr- aT
2S9O Prestano .... 8i 3 oJ§ Larr?W Ut V.* 87
290. Free Lance.. .122 S026 Cougar .113
2»^ £af take 110 29.14 Marelio . .7 ". M
2»P" B«lario 110 3029 Courtier ..110
sow 138?. ::::::: H 3002
Selections for To-Day.
First race— Tyranus. Parizade. Dulcimer
Second race— King Dellla. Hungarian Wy
oming. ' *
Third race— Crane Stable, Romany.
Fourth race— Morrl3 Stable, Nones.
Fifth race— Magi. Sister Jeanie, Escalante. "1
Sixth race— Prestano, Marelio. Cougar.
Several Ions shots will be cut loose to
day by Mannle's Turf Company Spend
your day at the track. Make It profitable
£e^, U S u a i 3 te a 4 2ST Chrl3tmas - » ?K
New Orleans Baces.
NEW ORLEANS, Dec. 24.— Summary:
First race, seven furlongs— Siphon won pi
E2l«; QU6en SeC ° nd> h0 «W«S- ' Tta£
Second race, selling, on* mile^ Ben TTiiiinrr.
T?me,Tf4 y 2 War<i HUnt6r ■«»*». O^g^ttSrtL
Third race, two miles— Little Elkin wnn
Warranted second, Deloralne thW t Tta£
Fourth race, handicap six furlongs— Seven
Time. lS.° n " eCOnd ' Mari "" 7 thl^-
Fifth rac*, gelling, mile and a sixteenth
fhlrd! 1 S A l^ 8eC ° nd '
«» Jc^d, ag. i r i SSff. r T? m r e' M l:,r n -
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
§ DR. MEYERS SCO.
. SPECIALISTS FOR MEM .^
Established 1SS1. CorR
sultation and private book
free at office or by mall.
Cures guaranteed.
731 MARKET ST.
SAN FRANCISCO. CAIfc
-BOMB WRECKS
GAMBLING HALL
Robbers Explode Dyna
mite in a Seattle
Resort.
Three Men Are Seriously In
jured and Considerable
Cash Is Stolen.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SEATTLE. Dec. 24.— The Totem gamb
l-.r.g hall, the largest green cloth estab
mg-ner.t in this city, was wrecked to
}.\.i by dynamite and at least $400 was
Mo*en. The immense hall was crowded
with devotees of fickle fortune, but strange
to say only three men were seriously in
jured. They were J. M. Slason. John
Ootts and Soren Nelson. Their injuries
consist of deep cuts and bruises on
lieads, arms and legs, inflicted by pieces
of metal from fhe stove, under which the
oyr.amite had been placed. Slason may
have sustained a fracture at the base cf
the skull, but it is too early to state ex
actly his condition.
Just how much money has been lost
irom the different bank rolls is not
Known by the proprietors themselves.
Manager Carter has several men at work
separating the gold and bank notes from
the debris. The play was heavv, and as
there were thousands of dollars in sight,
the presumption is that the house will
lose heavily.
Whether robbery or revenge was the
controlling motive of the dynamiters is
hard to say. if it was robbery, the pro
ject was trustrated to a large extent by
the tenacity of the electric light wires.
Looking like a scarecrow, the big arc still
shot out its rays after the explosion had
occurred and the crowd been thrown Into
a panic. One deliberate attempt to grab
the money from a table was frustrated
by the dealer. The man escaped. A sec
ond thief was more successful and got
away with at least $400.
The scenes attending the explosion
were as wild as those seen in a theater
vhen the cry "Fire!" Is heard. Men
filed and foucht with one another in
:\r mad desire to reach the door. The
was tilled with flying debris. Men
stretched out on the floor In all di
rections, while those who were only half
stunned were knocked right and left by
the maddened crowd. The police turned
out In full force with remarkable celerity
and succeeded in keeping back the crowd,
which filled the streets fcr two blocks.
EHOOTS INTO CHUECH
DURING THE SERVICES
Mount Pleasant Citizens Let Murder
ous Rowdy Off With a Mild
Warning.
TACOMA, Dec. 24.-While the Mount
Zion Sunday School was in session, near
Mount Pleasant on Sunday afternoon, a
bullet crashed through a window within a
% few inches of .the head of John Barnes,
whos was offering a prayer. The bullet
grazed the head of James Peterson,
struck the opposite wall, rebounded to a
ttove and finally fell to the floor.
Some of the men rushed out and found
that a revolver had been fired by Louis
Burkhardt,' a returned Philippine soldier,
who hsjs'' been stopping at Peterson's
hovig;.^ When remonstrated with. Burk
hardt said he did not care and tired other
phots in close proximity to persons in the
r.eighborhood. Two of them were aimed
at the little church where Sunday school
\ jvas in progress. Burkhardt was warned
to stop or he would be arrested, and
finally desisted. He left town early yes
terday morning, taking a boat down the
Columbia river. It is believed he was
Intoxicated while shooting at the church.
BODY OF SAN RAFAEL'S
"WAITER IS RECOVERED
Bay Gives Up a Victim of the Recent
Collision Between the
Ferry-Boats.
SAN RAFAEL, Dec. 24.— The body of
George T. Treadway was washed ashore
early this afternoon at Fort Baker. It
was discovered by several soldiers. Tread
way was a waiter on the steamer San Ra'
fael and met his death on November 30,
when that vessel was sunk by the Sausa
llto. J. D. Field, who was Treadway's
employer, this afternoon identified the re
mains at the morgue in this city. He said
that Treadway's widow would have the
body shipped to Fort Henry, New York,
where his relatives reside.
When found the body was fully clothed,
even to the white apron. A purse con
taining more than $50 was in a trousers
pocket.
It is understood that arrangements are
nearly completed whereby Mrs. Tread
way's claim against the company will be
adjusted.
LOPEZ PAYS THE PENALTY.
Brother of Ag-uinaldo's Representa
tive Is Hanged in the Philippines.
MANILA, Dec. 24.— Lopez, who was ar
rested in Eatangras province for treason
able communication with the Insurgents,
has been hanged. He was a brother of
Sixto Lopez, Aguinaldo's European repre
sentative and a wealthy merchant in Ma
nila and Batangas.
In 28S8 one hundred and seventy- three
Spanish prisoners were handed over to
Senor Lopez, who was to conduct them to
B place of safety. He ordered the entire
party to be cut down with bolos. It Is
r.lleged, and personally assisted In the
slaughter. He is said to have robbed the
d"ad bodies. Only thirty or the Spaniards
escaped.
Deputies Exchange Blows.
PARIS. Dee. 24.— During the debate In
the Chamber of Deputies to-day Deputies
Allemane and JJernard exchanged acri
monious words, which were followed after
the adjournment of the Chamber by a
personal encounter in the lobby. An usher
who attempted to intervene between the
Deputies was knocked down by M. Ber
nard. The combatants clinched and rolled
over each other on the ground until
friends succeeded in separating- them. M.
Allemane was taken to a doctor to have
his bruises dressed, while M. Bernard de
parted, threatening dire vengeance.
Rhodes Buys a Big Estate.
LOKJ3OX. Dec. 24.— Cecil Rhodes, man
.-urinK director of the South Africa Com
pany, has just purchased the Dalham Hall
estate, near Newmarket, which comprises
-4;v;impofin£ Gregorian residence built in
37M hy Bishop Ely and 317.') acres of fine
thooting. for about £100,000. The Dalham
estate, has been in the possession of the
Affleck family for two centuries and is
now the residence of Sir Robert Affleck.
Rhodesia to Be Included.
IjOVDOX. Dec.' 24. — There were heavy
purchases of the s-haros of the British
Chartered South Africa Company on the
Stock Exchange yesterday and to-day. It
was rumored that these purchases wo.ru
made in the belief 1hat Rhodesia would be
incorporated in tho> Transvaal 'and that
tho price the Gowmmpnt would agree to
liSf .thcrofrir would be included in the
I>r«>jertftd Transvaal loan.
What Shall We
Have for Dessert?
This question arises in the family
every day. Let us answer it to-day. Try
f. delicjous and hcnithful dessert. Pre-
pared in two minutes- No boiling! no
baking ! add boiling water and bet to
rool. Ravors:— Lemon, Orange, Rasp-
berry and Stra\vl)erry. Get a package
tX yonz' 4jrocers to-day. lo cts.
DEATH CLOSES
A FAMOUS LIFE
Roberts, Who Discovered
Borax Mines, Passes
Away.
Prominent California Pioneer
Dies in a New York
Hotel. . .
NEW YORK. Dec. 24.— George D. Rob
erts of Oakland. Cal.. died to-day at the
Aldine Hotel in this city. He was 73 years
old and was one of the pioneers in the
mining industry of California. He has
two sisters living in Oakland. He had
been ill for some time.
George D. Roberts was born in Ohio In
1S28 and came to this State in 1S30. He
lived for a long time in Grass Valley and
was there engaged in the development of
the quartz mining industry. He was one
of the prime movers in the reclamation of
the tule lands along the Sacramento Riv
er, and gave his name to Roberts Island.
In later years Roberts outfitted an ex
pedition to Death Valley, and the result
of it was the discovery of the famous de
posits of borax. He was assuredly the
borax discoverer, developer and king out
in that "misty mid-region" of nowhere.
Millions have come from the fields of
borax treasure that Roberts located, but
not all of the wealth happened into the
pockets of the discoverer.
Roberts made a try for fortune In South
America, and when ' prospects were du
bious there he readily shifted himself to
Russia, then to Alaska and eventually to
California. He possessed a remarkable
ability to lead men in venturesome enter
prises. The financiers frequently made
a turn of the quotation, "Where Mac
gregor sits, there is the head of the ta
ble," "and read It, "Where Roberts leads,
there is the chance for fortune." And to
many of his followers in the quest for
cpulence that chance undoubtedly came.
Personally Roberts was a man of
charming manner, and his invariable
kind-heartedness won him innumerable
friends.
"COMPULSORY,
OR NOT AT ALL"
South American Nations
Discuss Arbitra
tion Plans. \
MEXICO CITY, Dec. 24.— Though the
Pan-American Conference as a whole will
undoubtedly fall back in the matter of
arbitration upon The Hague Convention,
it is learned that a number of the South
American nations will join among them
selves to sign a separate convention of
compulsory arbitration. Some of the na
tions who will eign the compulsory plan
will not refuse to sign the milder ar
rangement to be formulated by the con
gress, but others like Argentina are so
bent on compulsory arbitration that it is
claimed they will decline to sign any
thing less radical.
Nowhere is the Chile-Argentina dispute
followed with greater interest than In
Mexico just now. Articles setting forth
both sides of the dispute and supposed to
be inspired by the representatives of the
nations at the Pan-American Conference
appear dally in the press. If war were to
break out the conference would almost
certainly dissolve, as there is little ques
tion that the Argentina delegates and
those who sympathize with them would
withdraw.
TELEGRAPH NEWS.
LONDON. Dec. 24. — Queen Alexandra Is pro
gressing satisfactorily toward recovery.
LONDON Deo. 24. — Willlaip Waldorf Astor
has donated' £10.000 for the promotion of civil
ian rifle clubs In the United Kingdom.
PARIS Dec. 24. — The Senate and Chamber
of Deputies, after passlns various Items of
the Interior budget, adjourned to-day until
after the holidays.
AKROX Ohio. Dec. 24. — Andrew Carnegie
has offered the city of Akron $70,000 for a free
library, the city to guarantee $7000 annually
to keeD It up. The offer will probably be ac
cepted.
CHICAGO. Dec. 24.— Judge Tuley announced
to-day that his decision in the suit for the
appointment of a receiver for the Zlon lace
Industries would not be handed down until
after his return from his holiday \ r acatlon.
LIVERPOOL. Dec. 24.— Six bodies have been
recovered from the Dingle Station tunnel.
These, apparently, represent the total number
of deaths resulting- from the burning of the
electric train yesterday on the overhead rail
road.
VICTIM OF HER OWN FOLLY— Mrs.
August Berges. residing at 511 Stockton street,
died at 9 o'clock yesterday morning from the
effects of an operation performed by herself.
Mrs. Berges was a native of California, 20
years old. , ■
DUNLOW. W. Va.. Dec. 24.— Fire broke out
in the postofflce building last night and. not
withstanding the heavy rain, spread so rapidly
that aJmost the entire business portion of the
town was consumed. Loss, $75,000; insurance,
about one-fourth.
CAPE TOWN. Dec. 24. — At the annual meet
ing of the De Beers Mining Company at Klm
berley the chairman announced that the gross
profits for the year were £2.750.000. the pro
duction belntr £4.600,000. The estimated life
of the mines is 144 years.
FERGUS FALLS. Minn.. Dec. 24.— Ole O.
Peterson received a telegram from Wyoming
to-day stating that his son. H. O. Peterson, had
perished In the blizzard in that State. The
young man had a sheep ranch and was out
with his flock when the storm came on.
BUFFALO. N. Y.. Dec. 24. — The Board of
Aldermen has accepted the renlznatlon ot
City Treasurer Philip Gorst. whoso accounts
are now undergoing an Investigation. Gorst
has pulillcly admitted that there was recently
a shortaKe In his accounts of over $50,000, but
claims it has been made good.
ALONG THE COAST
LOS ANGELES, Dec. 24. — Papers were filed
the County Clerk to-day Incorporating the
California Copper King Company. Its obect
is declared to be to locate, develop and own
mines, to build and operate mills and smelterb
and to carry on a general mining business.
The t-apltal Is given as $5,000,000.
VICTORIA, B. C, Dec. 24.— San Francisco
thipi>inK n\t>n formerly Interested in the seal
ing Industry have been obtaining data from
Collector Milne in regard to the sealing In
dustry, with a view of making claims lagainst
the United States Government for the rulna
ti'in of their business through the legislation
which drove them out of pelagic sealing.
BRIEF CITY NEWS.
HANKRUPT FHL'IT SHIPPEUS-John Cas
tmpelli atid G'-orge Castropelli, constituting
the firm of Castropplll brothers, fruit pickers,
packers und BhU'I'ers*. of VVatsonvIlle, filed a
1>< titivu In insolvency yesterday in the United
fitat««s District Court. They owe $4M1 51 and
have $1?.HO fleets.
BOYS STOLE NEWSPAPERS— Wallace
J>icKnl»?ht. colored, Henry Lee and James
Sullivan, the boys who were arrpsted for steal
iHK newspapers on I^arkln street from Union to
Sacramento, appeared before JudRe Fritz yes
terday. They were severely, reprimanded by
Hie Judce. who continued the matter of sen
tence till Thursday.
HELD FOR ROBBERY — John Murphy was
n*"l<l ti> answer before the Superior Court by
JU'ljfe Oonlan yesterday un a charge of rob
bery, lie is accusod of robbing Harry Lorenz
on I'owell street, near Geary, on the morning
of Pet-ember 1- T). J. Kelly, who was also
arrested on the Bame" Charon, had hl« case
continued till Friday for decision, as the evi
dence is not su. strong against him.
Of fifty-six glaciers observed in 1897
thirty-nine were found to be decreasing,
while flvc were stationary and twelve
were Increasing.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 25, 1901.
ANTHEMS AND CAROLS TO BE SUNG
TO-DAY IN MANY SACRED EDIFICES
Solemn High Mass Wjll % Be Celebrated in ; the_ Catholic
Churches — Specially Selected Musical Programmes to
- .".■■. ■ ■ ■ • . ■ ■. . . . . • . ■ . .■'-.'■ . ■
Be Striking Feature of Morning and Evening Services
IN churches of every denomination to
day glad Christmas anthems will be
sung by augmented choirs. The
piogrammes prepared for the occa
sion are elaborate and large congre
gations' will undoubtedly fill the sacred
edifices.
BAPTIST.
Third Baptist— Powell street, between
Sutter and Bush. \
Evening service— Hymn. "Joy to the : W crld :
response. 'Glory to God"; hymn. Hark the
Herald Angels Sing": selection, ''Star of Beth
lehem" (Parks): hymn, , "Brightest and
Besf; anthem. "And There Were in the Sanie
Country Shepherds" (Parks): anthem. A
Song of Thanksgiving" (Parks). B. L. Tyrrel,
chorister.
CATHOLIC.
St. Mary's Cathedral— Van Ness avenue
and O'Farrell street— Rev. Father Pren
ciergast V. G.
First mass at 5 a. m. At 11 o'clock solemn
pontifical mass, after which the Archbishop
will give the Papal benediction. V espers In the
evening at 8 o'clock. Sermon Christmas morn
ing by the Rev. C. A. Raram, Christmas even
ing by Rev. Father Dempsey.
Music — Kyrie and Gloria, Schubert s mass in
F; Credo, Sanctus, Benedlctus and Agnus Dei.
Hummel' s mass in E flat: Graduate Noel by
Adam; offertory. Adeste Fidelis (Novello,.
Soloists— Miss Katherine Black, Miss Mabtl
Quatman. Miss Julia Sullivan. Miss Elsie Ar
dan. David Manloyd. Mr. Van der Kuhn, fa.
J Sandy. Ernest George. Pc»tlude. Bach J an
tasia and Fugue in G minor by Professor Mar
shall W. Giselman. Organist. R. J. Harrison.
At the 5 o'clock mass a special programme
of music will be rendered by the Cathedral
Choral Society, supported by the Cathedral
Mandolin Club. The programme will be as
Processional March (Rlnguet). Cathedral
Mandolin Club: Adeste Fidelis (Novello), solo
and chorus; Gloria (La Hache)), ?>oel,
(Adam); Sanctus (La Hache): Pietas (ar
ranged). Cathedral Mandolin Club; Alma (Flo
tow), solo and chorus; Nazareth (Gounod),
solo and chorus.
The soloists will be: Miss Julia Cunning
ham. Miss Agnes Connolly. W. J. Solen. Alex
McGeorge; accompanist. Miss K. Rattlgan.
Professor R. J. Harrison will preside at the
organ.
In the evening at S o'clock solemn vespers
will be sung by the Cathedral Male Choir.
St Anges Church— Masonic avenue,
near Oak— Rev. William KIrby.
The first mass on Christmas morning will be
at 5 o'clock, at which the Sodality Choir will
sing, followed by masses at G. 6:30. 7, 7:30. 8
and 9 o'clock. Solemn high mass will be sung
at 11 o'clock with the Rev. Father Moran, cel
ebrant. Rev Dr. Harvey, deacon, and Rev.
William Kirby. pastor, subdeacon.
The music on this occasion will be a special
feature, under the direction of Miss Mary
Bumstead organist. A. Durand's solemn
mass in G will be rendered with an augmented
choir. Adam's "Noel" is to be sung at the
Soloists— Mrs. John M. Mallon, Miss Claire
McDermott. Albert Tissot. John Strader and
Vincent P. Devlin.
Benediction. "Wiegand's "O Salutarls," sung
by Mrs. John M. Mallon. with violin obligato
by Mrs Clarence J. Sullivan; "Adeste Fidelis"
(Novello). choir; "Tantum Ergo" (Mlllard), A.
Tissot and choir.
The sermon at the mass will be preached by
the Rev. Dr. Harvey of Menlo/Park Seminary.
St. Francis' Church— Vallejo and Mont
gomery avenue— Rev. T. Caraher, pastor:
Masses will be celebrated to-morrow morn
ing at the following hours: 5. 6, 7, S. 9. 10
and 11 o'clock. The young ladles of the par
ish, under the direction of Miss Maria J.
Ryan, will sing a number of appropriate
hymns at the 5 o'clock mass.
Solemn high mass will be celebrated at 11
o'clock. The pastor, the Rev. T. Caraher,
who has lately returned from Palestine, will
preach upon "The Babe of Bethlehem."
Music, under the direction of Mrs. A. B.
Collins, organist, will consist of: Kyrle (Mo
zart's Twelfth Mass); Gloria and Credo, Web
(■r in.E flat: offertory, Adeste Fidelis (Novello):
Sanctus (Mozart' ■ Twelfth Mass), Agnus Del
(Haydn's Second Mass).
Soloists: Mrs. B. F. Sides. Miss Llllie
Vlautin Miss Florence Schage, A. F. Wood
bridge. C. Schmltz.
Members of choir: Mrs. J. Mahoney, Miss
Ina Collins. Miss M. Dowllng. Miss M. McGI%-
ney. I Miss C. Paulissen. Miss Herold. Miss
Thell, Miss L. Vlautin, Mrs. P. J. Enrlght,
Mrs. Kinsey.
Holy Cross— Eddy street, near Devlsa
dero. Rev. Father McGinty.
Solemn high mass at 6 a. m. Music will be
rendered by the usual choir.
An elaborate programme will be sung at the
polemn high mass at 11 a. m. Marzo's "First
Mass" will be rendered by the following mem
bers:
Organist. Mrs. E. Go wan; soloists — Miss G.
Frost. Miss M. Cook. Miss S. Jacques, J. Mc-
Carthy. B. Barronda, G. Kelley, Miss B. Be
gruillian, L. Wilson, M. Perron. S. Jacques;
Adeste Fidelis. Miss G. Frost; Noel (offer
tory), S. Jacques; violinist. Mme. Prankard.
Solemn vespers at 7:30 p. m. Musical direct
or. Miss G. Frost.
St. Joseph's— Howard and Tenth streets.
Rev. Father Scanlan, pastor.
Masses on Christmas day will be at the fol
lowing hours: 5. G:30. 7. 7:30, 8. 8:30. 9, 9:30
and 10:30 and at 0 o'clock in the Church of
the Angels. The 5 o'clock mass will be a
high mass, and the 10:30 a solemn high mass,
with a select choir and a sermon appropriate
to the occasion, followed by solemn benedic
tion.
At the f» o'clock mass the following musi
cal programme will be rendered by a select
choir: Kyrie and Gloria, by Mercadante and
Generali: Credo. Sanctus and Agnus D«l by
Ricci; at the offertory a pastoral by Cagllero
WESTERN RANGES
TO BE RESCUED
Railroads and Ranchmen
Will Co-operate in
the Scheme.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
OMAHA, Neb., Dec. 24.— The railroads
and ranchmen of* the West have risen to
the rescue of the impoverished ranges,
which have deteriorated alarmingly dur
ing the last few years owing to the over
crowding of cattle and sheep. R. C. Jud
son, industrial agent of the Oregon Rail
road and Navigation Company, has jusi
broached the subject to railroads center
ing in Omaha and has met with substan
tial encouragement.
The roads have promised their "active
co-operation in the preliminary experi
ment, the task of seeking a new grass
which shall be to the range what the
bluegrass is to Kentucky. The first essen
tial is a plant with hardihood to prosper
under the limited moisture from "Vains
and snowfall In the range country. The
grass must bear sufficient nutriment to
nourish stock and must not be too expen
sive. ' . ■ ~ V •
In seeking the proper plant an experi
mental plan has been agreed upon. A
spot of 3000 acres in some centrally lo
cated section of the range country will be
fenced and of this thirty divisions will be
made for the trying-out of a6 many grass
seeds. There are now 120 varieties grow
ing in Nebraska and a test will be made
of the best of these. Tropic grasses will
also be Introduced and an abundance of
seeds for the purpose has already been
received from Africa and South America.
The co-operation of the Government
will be required at every step in the
undertaking. It must first give its con
sent to the fencing off of. several sections
of land and then when some class of
grasses have been proved a success the
Government will be asked to make an ox
tensive appropriation j for the purchase
and sowing of the seed throughout t'ie
range country. The Agricultural Depart
ment will be asked for advice and assist-
The Day of Nativity will be
observed in the Catholic
churches to-day with unusual
solemnity. Mass will be cele
brated in the morning and in
the evening solemn vespers
will be sung. The music at
the principal masses has been
specially selected and will be
rendered by choirs and or
chestras.
In the churches of other de
nominations anthems and car
ols will be sung at both morn
ing and evening services. All
of the churches will be appro
priately decorated.
t
and Adeste Fidelis. At the 10:30 mass Mo
zart's Twelfth Mass will be rendered with or
gan and orchestral accompaniment, and at the
offertory, Adeste Fidelis. soprano solo and
chorus; Immediately after mass O Salutarls,
quurtet, by Generali, and- Tantum Ergo, by
Rossini.
St. Paul's— Twenty-third and Church
streets.
High mass at 5 o'clock and mass every hour
until 10:30 o'clock. Music for 5 o'clock mass:
Schenuit's Mass, sung by young ladies' and
young men's choirs; offertory. "Adeste Fi
delis." During the other masses Christmas
hymns by the Holy Angels' Sodality. At the
10:30 mass. Dachaner's "Messe Solenelle" will
be rendered; offertory. "Exulta Sion" (Ham
merel). Choir— Mesdames Valerga and Strahle.
Miss Mae Reilly. Miss M. F. Code. Dr. Joseph
Richards. Charles Willey, William Gordon.
Joseph Broyer: organist. Miss Amelia F.
Quinn; violinist. W. Healey.
At the end of mass St. Paul's Boys' Choir
will sing "Adeste Fidelis." Soloists — Masters
John Ryan, James McNamara, Mirah Collum.
Spanish Church of Nue*stra Senora de
Guadalupe:
Low masses at 6, 7, 8 and 9 a. m. At
10:30 a. m. high mass will be celebrated
and Mercadante's beautiful mass for
three voices will be 'sung by a large
chorus and the following soloists:
Sopranos — Mrs. B. Camarena and Miss A.
Acosta; tenors — J. Oliva and F. T. Meagher;
basso — D. -Warde. F. Loaiza will render the
Noel of Adam at the offertory. During the
"Adoration" a Villanclco for soil and chorus
by S. Arrillaga will be sung, with violin obli
gato by Miss A. Maltorena. Organist and di
rector. S. Arrillaga.
EPISCOPAL. .
Grace Episcopal— Corner California and
Stockton streets. Rev. R. C. Foute, rec
tor.
Organ prelude, "Pastorale" (Merkel): proces
sional. "Hark, the Herald Angels Sing" (Men
delssohn): venfte to Gregorian tone, after
psalter. "Gloria In Excelst* Deo." "Messe de
Orpneonistes" (Gounod) ;"Te Deum" and "Jubi
late" (BuckV. festival service in B; offertory.
"The Heavens Are Telling," from "Creation"
(Haydn): anthem. "While All Things Were In
Quiet Silence" (Harris): Introit. Adeste Fidelis,
Sanctus (Taylor) In C: Gloria, plain song: re
cessional. "Angels From the Realms of Glory."
Choir of eighteen male voices. Organist and
choirmaster, William H. Holt.
• St. Luke's— Van Ness avenue and Clay
street— Rev. Burr M. Weeden.
Holy communion at 7 and S o'clock Christmas
morning: sermon and full service at l(X:30
o'clock Christmas morning.
St- Stephen's Episcopal— Fulton street,
near Fillmore — Rev. E."J. Lion, rector. .
The Christmas music to be rendered to
day will be as follows:.
Processional hymn, Adeste Fidelis: Venlte
(Crotch): Te Deum (Dykes): Jubilate (Brew
er); Introit anthem, "Come Near, Ye Nations"
(Watson): communion, service (Woodward):
hymn, "Hark, the Herald Angels Sing" (Men
delssohn): offertory, bass solo. "Jesus of Naz
areth" (Gounod): recessional hymn, "Angels
From the Realms of Glory:" T. Llnsley Scott-
Brooke, organist and choirmaster.
Cathedral Mission of the Good Samari
tan—Second street, near Folsom. Rev. J.
P. Turner, pastor in. charge.
Processional hymn, "O Come All Ye Faith
ful"; Adeste Fidelis; i:yrie, Gloria Tlbi, Nlcene
Creed (Woodward); sermon; hymn, "Hark, the
Herald Angels Sing" Mendelssohn): Gloria
Patrl (Woodward); anthem. "There Shall Come
a Star?' (Cuthbert Harris): Sursum Corda.
Sanctus (Woodward): Eucharistic hymn.
"Shepherd of Souls" (Dykes): Agnus Del,
Gloria In Excelsis (Woodward); Nunc Dimlt
tis (Gower); retrocessloral hymn, "Angels
From the Realms of Glory" (Smart).
LUTHERAN.
First English Lutheran— Geary street,
between Gough and Octavia. Rev. E. Ne
lander.
Processional, "Hymn for Christmas Day"
(Goss); recitative, "Sine O Daughter of Zlon";
carol "God Rest You Merry Gentlemen" (tra
ditioAal melody); recitative.' "And the Angel
Gabriel"; carol "O Babe In Manger Lying"
rRarnbvV recitative, "For Unto Us a Child Is
Born"- carol, "The Virgin Is Hushing" (Barn
by>- Psalm 85. Chant No. 2(5 (Barnby), in E;
solo, soprano. "My Heart Shall Be Joyful;;
(Gafrett): offertory. "There Were Shepherds"
fMvles B Foster); sermon. "Christmas as a
Vnrce for the Diffusion of Happiness"; Hymna
224 225 216: recessional, "Hark! The Herald
Angels Sing" (Mendelssohn).
In this service both the girls' vested choir
and the regular church choir will sing.
ance in the matter of choosing promising
varieties of grasses. *
Industrial Agent Judson believes that
the experiment station will begin Its wwk
early in the spring and he has already ar
rived at important results relative to
seeding on his experimental farm near
Walla Walla. Wash. The ranges which
it is hoped to benefit, Judson says, lie in
Nebraska, Wyoming, Montana, Utah,
Nevada and Idaho.
"The scheme for reseedlng," Judson
continues, "is in my opinion equally as
important as irrigation. It will be far
more extensive in its scope, also, as the
territory available for the application of
irrigation methods is limited. There Is
a definite limit to the tapping of streams
or the storing of water in reservoirs,
whereas the scope of reseeding is only
bounded by the extent of the Western
ranges. »
"As a result of the deterioration of tho
ranges In many cases it now requires
twice as many acres a year to provide
fodder for one sheep as formerly. .The
principal cause of the trouble lies with
the sheep, for what they do not dig out
with their sharp teeth they punch In with
their equally keen hoofs. When they are
bunched as they are all through the
West they completely stamp out all
growths save the sage brush."
Quarrel Ends in Tragedy.
BEAUMONT, Tex., Dec. 24.— W. G.
Steinman of the firm of Whitney & Steln
man. architects and builders, shot and
killed J. A. Klnney. a carpenter, who had
been in the employ of the Steinman firm.
The shooting occurred when the store and
sidewalks were thronged with people.
The trouble between-' the men grew out
of a settlement for work done by Klnney.
Falls Into Scalding Water.
FRESNO. Dec. 24.— The 17-months-old
daughter of James Jacobson to-day, while
playing about a tub In which ducks were
being scalded In preparation for the
Christmas dinner, fell Into the boiling
water. Her screams ■ drew her brothers
and sisters to her rescue, but not until
she had been horribly burned.. The phy
siclan holds out hope for her recovery.
Officer Shoots a Prisoner.
LEAVENWORTH, Kans.. Dec. 24.—
Charles ' Broddus (colored) of St. Joseph,
Mo., while under arrest attempted to
escape this morning by knocking down
Officer Baskas. who was taking him to
the station. The officer fired, the Uullet
striking Broddus in the head. Inflicting a
fatal wound. '
" i ;- .••■.-. ■ . ■:*;.;:,'
. Great reduction in price on Holiday Liquors
at Horwitz & Cohn's. 1716 Market, phone South
684. Straight whiskies, $2, $2 50, $3 gal. Port,
sherries, 75c, $1. $1 25 gal. .Purity guaranteed. *
THE beautiful custo.m^ of^singing
Christmas carols , in -the pleading
hotels was carried out last night
by the boy choir of the Cathedral
Mission of the Good Samaritan.
For seven years past on Christmas cVe
this charming custom has prevailed, and
on each occasion large concourses were
delighted by the fresh young voices raised
In song.
The opening carols were sung at the
Palace at 8 o'clock. The rotunda was
sparkling with vari-colored incandescent
lights and presented a beautiful specta
cle. In the rotunda stood a magnificent
Christmas tree thirty-five feet high, and
fairly covered with lights of red, white,
blue, yellow, green and amber colors. At
the top was a flaming Star of Bethlehem,
the whole presenting a beautiful specta
cle, worthy of the enterprise of the man
agement and skill of Edgar C. Gribbin,
the Palace electrician.
The thirty members of the boy choir
took their places Immediately beneath'
the tree, and under the direction of Miss
Elizabeth Brown sans a number of old
carols, including "Hark, the Herald An
gels Sing," "Adeste Fidelis," "Good King
Wencelas" and "Noel." A large crowd
thronged the rotunda, while the floors
above were filled with guests who had
gathered to enjoy the sweet strains. Each
carol was applauded, and when Rev. J.
P. Turner, j-ector of the mission, gave the
signal to cease, the audience regretfully
departed. . • ' ., .
The choir next visited the St. Nicho
las, where the same programme was ren
dered before' a large and delighted gath
ering. ■ The Pleasanton was then treated
to a few carols, and in quick succession
the Bella Vista. California, Russ. Lick
and Occidental were visited. At the latter
hotel the members of the choir were
treated to a bountiful supper at 11 o clock
by Major Hooper. At each of the hotels
visited the singing of the young choris
ters was heartily admired.
The Cathedral Mission of the Good Sa
maritan is located at the corner of Sec
ond and Mission streets. At the regular
Christmas services to-day the sermon will
be preached by Bishop Nichols. A fine
musical programme will be rendered.
Fairy Drama Delights Children.
Native Sons' Hall was crowded Monday,
night by the children attending the How
ard Presbyterian Sunday-school and their
parents, the occasion being the regular
Christmas festival. Rev. J. S. Thoma3
opened the exercises with a fervent invo
cation, and was followed by Francis J.
Pike, superintendent of the Sunday
school.
"Christmas With the Pixies," a fairy
drama, was the feature of the evening's
entertainment. Following Is the cast of
characters:
Louie and Lena, orphans of the Black Forest,
Fred Batkin and Eva Grunlnger; Flora, queen
of the Dixies, Mrs. Maude Day Calne; Flora
tel. attendant to the queen, Ida Sandow;
Nurno messenger to the queen, Arthur Bur
lingame; Toto. page to the queen, Ruth Smith;
Bertold, a plxle scout, Fred Burllngame; Kris
Kringle, Roy M. Pike; Sergeant Redjacket.
commanding Kris Kringle Tin Soldiers. Harry
Adams; Prince Victor of Saxony, father ot
Prince Max (Louie), Bruce Large; Princess Vic
toria of Saxony, mother of Princess Greta
(I^ena), Lotta Sharp: pixies and tin soldiers,
children of the Sabbath school.
An orchestra of thirty pieces, organized
entirely from the members of the church,
rendered the incidental music and a num
ber of concert 'selections. A big Christmas
tree laden with good things was despoiled
of its features, much to the Joy of the
children, at the close of the entertain
ment.
Sunday-School Entertains.
A most enjoyable entertainment was
given Monday night at the First Unltarlun
Church by the children of. the; Pilgrim
Sunday-school. Tho lecture-room was
used for the occasion and was resplend
ent in color. In one corner was a massive
Christmas tree. loaded with presents. It
was the cynosure of all eyes. A', varied
programme was presented and an address
was delivered by Rev. Bradford Leavitt
on the origin of the festival of; Christ
mas. Carols and anthems were sung, but
the interest centered in the play of "Robin
Hood," by the Sunday-school children.
Special scenery was prepared for the
occasion and the cast of characters was
as follows:
Robin Hood, Eugene Grunsky; Sheriff of Not
tingham. Alden Wheeler; King John. George
Beanston; King Richard of the Lion Heart,
Leon Vanatta; Sir Richard o' the Lea. Ray
mond Schaubel; Little John, Robert Stever;
Will Scarlet, Bronson Tufts; Friar Tuck, Mel
ville- Ersklne; Allen a Dale, Lorrls Dlckman;
Adam o' the Dell, Hans Llsser: Gilbert o' the
Red Cap. Osgood Murdock: Midge the Miller.
Chester Tufts; Arthur a Bland. Arthur Bolting:
Will Scathelock. Freddy Bolflng: David of
Doncaster, Keith Beanston; Will Stutely, Al
bert Beanston; Herald, Roy Rogers; Man-at-
Arms. Gustave Llssen: Queen. Marlon Turner;
Lady-ln-Waitlng, Genevlevet Isaacs.
After the close of the entertainment the
children of the Sunday-school were enter
tained with a supper in the basement of
the church.
CARRY THE WAR
TO SACRAMENTO
Highbinder Feud Leads
to a Murder at
the Capital.
SACRAMENTO, Dec. 24.-Dr. Lue Que
Hlng of the Fong Duck Tong was shot
and killed in the Chinese quarter of this
city at 8:30 o'clock to-night. The police
say that Chin Gock of the Suey On Tong
arrived on the 7 o'clock train this evening
and officers are searching for him. If
caught, he will be charged with the mur
der of Lue.
Detective Fisher says that Chin Gock is
a notorious highbinder of San Francisco
and that he has been charged with acts
of violence heretofore, but has always es
caped punishment. To-night's murder is
said to have resulted from- highbinder dis
putes in San Francisco over gambling
privileges in which Sacramento Chinese
obtained a financial interest.
Chin Gock. the highbinder who Is be
lieved to have murdered Dr. Lue Que
Hing in Sacramento, left San Francisco
for the capital on Monday. Chin is known
to haVe been armed with a revolver of
large caliber. Local detectives believe
that- he returned to this city after the
tragedy and is now in hiding here. They
hope to effect his capture to-day.
.Disastrous Fire! in the South.
EAGLE PASS. Tex.. Dec. 24.— The large
commissary of Frank B. James at Mont
clove, Mexico, south of here oh the Mex
ican International Railway, was burned
this morning. The loss is $150,000, Mexi
can currency. '
SHREVEPORT. La., Dec. 24.— A fire
that started in Jackson Brothers' furni
ture store in the heart of the city threat
ens the entire block and may spread far
ther. The loss at this time Is estimated,
at over $100,000.
RICHMOND; Ind.. Dec.' 24.— In a saloon
quarrel at Cambridge City this afternoon John
Ryan was shot and killed by one of two
brothers named Schook, living at New Lisbon,
Ind. . -
MERRY BANQUET
OF BOHEMIANS
Allen Wallace Enter
tains His Friends
at a Dinner.
Brilliant Gathering Enjoys
Hospitality of Eastern
Visitor.
Passages thick with overhanging plants
leading to a beautifully lighted room fes
tooned with rich draperies and., flowers
greeted the eye of Allen Wallace's guests
at the Bohemian Club last night. Wal
lace, who is a grandson of the late Cor
nelius Vanderbllt and a cousin of the
Duchess of Marl borough, has been pay
ing a visit to the city and has been en
tertained by many of the good fellows
whose names are legion in California. It
was to show his appreciation of all the
attentions extended to him that Wallace
Issued invitations to his friends to join
him around the festive table, there to
hear all the nice things he had to say of
them and to assist him in enjoying an
other . pleasant evening. And a goodly
company it was. and a true feast at the
round table it turned out to be In every
respect. There was tripping, merry mu
sic and there was also good-natured ban
ter, and speeches followed in which the
host was toasted by J. C. Wilson, while
the president of the Bohemians, Frank
Deering, was called upon to respond. At
midnight "Auld Lang Syne" was sung
and Christmas greetings were exchanged
and young Wallace presented Emile
Bruguiere with a loving cup, so that the
Chri3tmas eve feast at the hospitable
club on Post street will not soon be for
gotten by those who had the good for
tune to participate. Among Wallace's
guests were: Frank Deering. Orrin Peck;
Frank McComas. who, by the way, dec
orated the room; Enrique Grau, Peruvian
Consul; Judge Ward McAllister, Joslah
Howell, Donald de.V. Graham, Thomas
McCair.u, Emile Bruguiere. Charles Dick
; man, Edgar Peixotto, Charles Earl. Fred
Greenwood. Edward Greenway. Frank
Goad, J. C. Wilson, George Bromley and
James Graham.
FIRE DESTROYS
COSTLY WORKS
Southern Pacific Creo
soting Plant in Texas
Burned.
HOUSTON, Tex., Dec. 24.— The immense
creosoting works of the Southern Pacific
Railroad Company, ' located two miles be
yond the city limits, were destroyed by
flre to-day.
The plant extended about six blocks in
length along the Texas and New Orleans
tracks- and was a place of almost con
stant activity. It is learned that the loss
will reach about §100,000. The value of
the plant was estimated at $72,000 and the
amount of material destroyed will reach
from $15,000 to $30,000. No insurance was
carried and the loss falls wholly upon the
company. •
The fire broke out at 10:30 o'clock this
morning and Is supposed to have been due
to spontaneous combustion " of gas gen
erated in one of the underground reser
voirs. • . .
THE DAY'S DEAD,
DES MOINES, la.. Dec. 24.— General
Hollin V. Ankeney, for twelve years Cor
oner of Polk County, died to-day of pneu
monia. He served In the Mejfican war
with an Ohio regiment and in the civil
war as colonel of the One Hundred and
Forty-second Illinois Infantry. At the
discharge he was brevetted brigadier gen
eral for conspicuous gallantry.
Earl of Carrick.
. LONDON, Dec. 25.— Somerset Arthur
Butler, fifth Earl of Carrick. is dead.
He was born in 1S35, and was educated
at Harrow. He was at one time a lieu
tenant and captain in the Grenadier
Guards and served In the Crimean war,
receiving a medal with a clasp. His seat
was Mount Juliet, Thomastown, County
Kilkenny.
W. P. Sellers.
PHILADELPHIA, Dec. 24.-W. P. Sel
lers, a prominent lawyer, died at his home
in this city to-day. He was president of
the Fairmount Park Commission and a so
licitor for the Pennsylvania Railroad
Company at the time of his death. Fo
many years he took an active part in
Demorcratic politics.
I/ewis H/ Evans.
KANSAS CITY. Mo., Dec. 24.— Lewis H.
Evans, a prominent grain dealer of this
city and a member of the Board of Trade
died here to-day of heart failure.
TEKRIBLE DEATH RATES
IN RECONCENTRADO k CAMPS
In the Boer reconcentrado camp at
Standerton the number of prisoners under
8 years of age during the month of April
was 1137. The death rate was 255 per 1000
per annum.
In the camp at Irene there were 4102
prisoners under S years of age during the
month of May. The death rate was '00
per 1000 per annum. In June there were
4i>00 young prisoners, and the death rate
among them was 366 per 1000 per annum.
• In the Johannesburg camp there were
3170- children during April, and the dea-h
rate among them was 349 per 1000 per an
num. In May there were 3285 children In
that camp, and the death rate was £25 p*r
annum. • ■
, In the Bloemfontein camp, with 4339
prisoners, the death rate of men, women
and children from April 2 to Jul£ 2 was
309 per 1000 per annum.
In Kroonstad from April 1 to May IS the
death rate was 195, and from May 26 to
June 23 it was 213 per 1000 per annum of
men, women and children. The prisoners
In Bloemfontein and Kroonstad numbered
7007. .
The committee appointed by the Con
sular corps representing foreign nations
in the Transvaal reported:
First— That the death percentage In the
camps surpasses all hitherto known pro
portions.
Second— That the death rate amounts to
fourteen times that of Pretoria, which
has, according to Dr. Stoud. an average
of 25 per 1000 a. year. '
Third— That the death rate among the
children confined to the camps has in
creased to an alarming extent.
Since the above figures were compiled
the death rate has continued to increase
to "an alarming extent." The number cf
children that died in the camps during
August Is placed at 1964. If continued tor
one year at that rate scarcely a Boer child
under 8 years of age will be left alive in
the camps. ■
Gloss over such a Btate of affairs as one
will, it is simply wholesale murder. It
equals the horrors of Weyler's camps in
Cuba, which spurred this nation to war
with 'Spain. The acquiescence- of a ma
jority of the British public on the policy
of extermination is the most amazing
part of it.
Russia has a woman Inventor of a flying
machine. Miss Clara Polsky is her name
and the Czarina and several distinguished
ladles of the Russian court .recently hon
ored her by attending one of her '"dress
rehearsal" exhibitions. At this demon
stration the aerial navigator ascended to
a height of about sixty yards and de
scended again, with her machine all the
time perfectly amenable to control. The
machine is a promising Invention. It la
designed on distinctly original lines. It Is
egg shaped.-open at the top and fitted at
the base with an electric motor apparatus.
No gas is used.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Sacrifice Piano Sale
in Full Blast.
Nearly Two Hundred Fine
New Pianos to Be
Closed Out by Jan-
uary First.
Grandest Piano Euying Cpportunity
Ever Offered to Califirnians.
Genuine Price Reductions and
Most Favorable Terms cf Pay-
merit— The Now Famous Klmball
Fianss, as Well as Other Well;
Known Standard Makes, Included,
645 Market Street the Place.
Many were the purchasers of fln»
pianos at the sacrifice sale of Ellers Piano
Company during the past two days, and
m&ny a home Is happy this morning in
the possession of a fine Klmball, or one
of the many other beautiful new pianos
obtained at this sale. Nor are the sales
confined to the city, Oakland and Ala-
meda alone, but the instruments are go-
ing to all sections of the State. Pianos
were even sold by telegraph and long dis-
tance telephone, .which probably has
never heretofore occurred In this State.
To-morrow should prove the banner day
of the sale, for, no doubt, little Christmas
duties have thus far prevented many from
calling*. Do not put off coming until it Is
too late. Early buyers have opportunity
for careful selection out of this vast stock
that later buyers cannot hope to find.
If you have relatives out of town who
need the bargains we have to offer it will
pay you to notify them at once to come
to the city and take advantage of thla
sale.
To get one of these fine new pianos at
•virtually half price It Is worth coming
hundreds of miles. "We are determined to
clear out our entire wholesale stock, and
the prices we are making can never again
be duplicated.
Just think of a first-class fancy ma-
hogany-cased Cabinet Grand upright
piano, that sells in many places for
$550, and even 5573, and which we are new
selling for $337; $25 down and $12 a month
buys them.
See these beautiful New Scale Kimball
pianos, the finest instruments the world
has yet produced — pianos that are to-day
used and preferred by leading musicians
and artists over all others, pianos that
have secured the highest honors at the
great World's Fair in Chicago, and also
at the Omaha Exposition. These pianos
have never been shown- in San Francisco
until now. and are included in this sale.
We offer you to-morrow the most beau-
tiful oak cased, seven and one-third ac-
tave, strictly high grade upright piano
for $218, which Is almost cutting the prlca
in two.
We offer the largest walnut or mahog-
any cased Schirmer upright pianos for
$117. They are considered worth $230
everywhere. These pianos have three
pedals, revolving lockboard and swinging
music desk, three strings throughout.
Regular $300 styles, which have never
been sold even In the East for lesa than
$275, can be secured to-morrow for $137,
and the fanciest styles, also with three
pedals, are now offered for $156. Easy
monthly payments If desired.
Choice of a carload of new Emerson and
Gramer pianos at $1S6, for either walnut
or oak cases; other styles corresponding-
ly low. Fully warranted.
A number of brand-new Estey uprights,
also several Starr pianos, retail value $400,
now $211. $218 and $247 for the fanciest
styles. Factory warrantees also accom-
pany these Instruments.
The Nugent pianos, brand new, so long
as the supply lasts will go for $122 50; also
on easy payments if desired.
Don't misa this sale If the saving- of
money is an object. Retail dealers will
telt you that new pianos cannot regularly
be sold at such low prices and yield even
a nominal profit to the seller, and If that
is the case, then our loss is your gain.
All other instruments in the wholesale
stock will be slaughtered at correspond-
ingly low figures. This is certainly the
most opportune, time to buy a good piano,
and if you are not prepared to -pay all
cash down we will arrange time payments
with any responsible buyer.
With the exception of three large and
fancy styles, on which payments must be
at least $60 down and $20 per month, all
instruments can be .obtained at cash
prices on payment of $25 or $15 down and
$10 or $3 per month, with interest on de-
ferred payments at 8 per cent per annum.
Regular five years' written guarantees
will acccrmpany each instrument sold.
duly countersigned by us. thus making
these Instruments as safe to buy as Gov-
ernment bonds. And if you have any
possible use for a piano come to us. but
do not delay.
This sale as above te now being held at
'our wholesale warerooms. the, second
floor of the Bishop building, entrance at
645 . Market street. Store open day and
night till stock is closed out. EHeri
Piano Company. Remember the number,
645 Market street, near Kearny; take ele-
vator.
56
WEDNESDAY ....DECEMBER 25, 1901
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Ittrtti All CemmcBieAtlsBS to VI. S. LEASE, Mir»j«r.
MANAGER'S OPFICB Telephone Press 204
PCBMCATIOBf OFFICE.. .Ma rite t and Third, S. F
, Telephone Press 201.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson St.
Telephone Press 202.
Delivered Vry Cnrrlern, 15 Cent* Per Weelc
Slngrle Copies. 5 Cents.
Terms by Mall, Including: Postages
DAILY CALL. (Including Sunday), one year $6.00
DAILY CALL, Onciudlne Sunday). C i_onths 3.00
DAILY CALL. Uncludinc Sunday). 3 months 1.50
DAILT CALI»-By Single Month 65e
6T7ICDAY CALL. One Year 4* 1M
WEEKLY CALL, One Year 1.00
All postmasters are authorised to receive
1 subscription*!.
Sample copies ■will be lorwarded when requested.
Mall subscribers in ordering change of address should be
particular to give both NEW AND OLD ADDRESS In order
to Insure a prompt and correct compliance with their request.
OAKLAXD OFFICE HIS Broadwny
C. GEORGE KROGXESS.
Ft si per Foreign Aivtrtistng, Mtrqnettt Building, Chicago.
(Long Distance Telephone "Central 261S.")
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C C. CARLTO.V • Herald Square
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
STEPHEN B. SMITH 30 Tribune Ball ding:
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS:
Waldorf-Astoria Hotel; A. Brentano, 31 Union Square;
Murray HiU HoteL
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Sherman House: P. O. News Cc. ; Great Northern Hotel;
Fremont House; Auditorium HoteL
WASHISGTOX fD. C.) OFFICE. . . .1400 G St., N. W.
MORTOX R. CR AXE, Correspondent.
BRANCH OFFICES— 527 Montgomery, corner of Clay, open
until S:30 o'clock. 300 Hayes, open* until 8:30 o'clock. 633
McAllister, open until 9:30 o'clock. 615 Larkln, open until
*:39 o'clock. 19(1 Mission, open until 10 o'clock. 2261 Market.
corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock. 1096 Valencia, open
until 9 o'clock. IOC Eleventh, open until 9 o'clock. NW.
corner Twenty-second and Kentucky, open until 9 o'clock.
£800 Fillmor*. open until 9 p. m.
AMUSEMENTS.
California — "Devil's Auction."
Tivoll— "Little Red Riding Hood."
Central — "The Ellver King."
Alcazar — "Charley's Aunt."
Columbia — "Janice Meredith."
Orpheum — Vaudeville.
Grand Opera-house — "Carmen."
Chutes, Zoo and Theater — Vaudeville every afternoon and
evening.
Fischer* s— Vaudeville.
OaXland Racetrack — Races to-day.
CHILE AND ARGENTINA.
DESPITE the reports that Argentina and Chile
are willing to submit their quarrel to the ar
bitration of King Edward, and the reassur
ing statements made from time to time by the rep
resentatives of the two Governments at Washing
ton, those who are most familiar with the situation
assert that an outbreak of war is far more probable
than the establishment of a lasting peace, no matter
how wisely the controversy may be conducted. Be
tween the people of the two nations there has long
been a rivalry for supremacy, and it is believed that
nothing short of a war ending in the virtual sub
jection of one of them can definitely settle it.
The two nations have a common frontier running
through the Andes Mountains for more than thirty
degrees of latitude. In some places the boundary
line is not clearly defined and consequently there are
frequent occasions for dispute. The present contro
versy has arisen from such a conflict and turns upon
the assumed right of Chile to construct roads over a
strip of territory whose ownership is disputed. It is
said, however, that neither country cares very much
about the district in question, which is of little value,
and were the two peoples friendly the issue could be
easily adjusted. The danger lies in the fact that each
side is eager for war and the Governments are find
ing it difficult to arrange for a settlement which will
not be offensive to their people. It is therefore a
popular antagonism rather than a question of state
that is at irsue, and it is upon that ground that doubts
rest as to the possibility of maintaining peace even
by the arbitration of King Edward.
The rivals are not unequally matched. Chile has
a population of about 3,000,000, and Argentina has
about 4,000,000, but to counterbalance the superior
numbers of Argentina, Chile has the advantage in
financial strength and in solidarity of institutions.
The debts for which the Argentine Republic is re
sponsible have been recently estimated at $550,000,
000, while the Chilean debt is but $125,000,000. The
burden of taxation is much higher in Argentina than
in Chile, and is made worse by the fact that in pro
portion to population the Chileans are wealthier than
their rivals. '
A war between the two states would be quite a
different affair from that which is threatened between
Venezuela and Colombia. Both Chile and Argentina
are occupied by descendants of .Europeans with but
a. small admixture of Indians. In all Argentina it is
estimated there are not more than 30,000 Indians and
the number in Chile is considerably less. A contest
between them would therefore be a contest between
vigorous, highly civilized men and would be a war in
earnest.
If the two countries could unite in the formation
of a federal republic, the result would be the estab
lishment of a nation of continental importance, for
while the joint population would not much exceed
7,000,000 it would unquestionably increase rapidly
through immigration as well as by birth, and in a
lime comparatively short the power of the joint rc
public would be formidable enough to make itself
felt even in world politics. It appears, however, that
the animosity existing between the two renders it im
possible to arrange a union, A long and costly war
would probably convince them sooner than anything
else that :t is better to unite than to fight. At any
rate so long as each believes itself to be invincible
and looks upon the other with something of con
tempt as well as of hatred, there is no prospect of
getting either to agree upon terms of union that
would be fair to the other.
It is to be noted tjiat in each country there is a
strong foreign population that desires peace, and
moreover the holders of the bonds of the two Gov
ernments will exert their utmost influence to prevent
the outbreak of a war that might seriously impair
the power of either Government to pay it£ debts. The
hope for peace therefore is not altogether a forlorn
one, notwithstanding the clamor for war from the
masses on each side. The task of the arbitrators in
fact will be difficult indeed, but not impossible.
Sometimes money talk is more potent than war talk.
If Carnegie will only watch closely how Congress
deals with the surplus he will get a. good pointer
on how to avoid the disgrace of dying ricb
COMPLIMENTS OF THE SEASON.
MAN measures life, and time by anniversaries and events. In the calendars of all
nations and races' that have accomplished * civilization, or have seen it in a
vision, are periods- counted as a time of- reflection, retrospection, introspection
and of high resolve. -
In the Christian calendar that season is with us to-day, and will be moving the
minds and hearts of men from this day, which marks the beginning of an efa, to the
companion anniversary which emphasizes the commencement of a year. In the spirit of
the time The Call hails all its readers and all men. everywhere, with the compliments
of the season. ' ■■'*' >'■ •■
The world is as right as it has ever been and has in it more people who are right,
or desire to be, than ever before since it began turning on its axis and spinning through
space in its orbit. That all things and all men are not as right as they ought to be in the
light of these advanced days should furnish no excuse for pessimism. In all foretimes
the world has had light in some degree, and there have been men and nations that have
not lived in its luster. But this has not- restrained humanity from investing its genius in a
greater illumination, nor- will that genius be restrained now by like causes.
Man knows better how to live than ever before. Men are more generally enlight
ened. The space to be measured between the highly cultivated many and the less culti
vated few is growing less every year* and is narrower to-day than ever. Let us hope that
the march of man onward will finally entirely pass it, and that all knowledge and wis
dom and power will be the endowment of all men. Let us hope, too, that in that day
when a great light shall be upon all and within all, men will so comprehend equity and
conduct that the time foretold in metaphor will be here, and swords will be beaten into
plowshares and spears into pruning hooks, and the lion and the lamb will rest together,
and the bear eat straw like an ox. It means that in the condition toward which 'the world
moves, slowly sometimes, deviously sometimes, perhaps unwillingly sometimes, the traits
of cruelty, injustice, savagery and selfishness, which man ; took from the brute in his long
evolution to self-consciousness, are fading away. r :
Every year there is in the world more charity to > the poor and less need for it; in
the courts more justice, and in proportion to the world's increase in men less call for it.
The glacial ignorance which wrapped the human mind in the ice age of perception is
thawed away, and the sun of enlightenment warms a soil every year richer in returns. In
this season of high anniversaries the world is more profoundly shocked by less profound
offenses against the rule of right than ever before. Men are restrained from offending by
the mere dread of the judgment of their fellows. Nations still play with the sword hilt,
they draw the blade, and sometimes smite with it. But they pay tribute to the world's
advance in the simple precepts of Christianity by following the flow.of blood with a dec
laration of the ultimate benevolence of their purpose. As some see in this the danger^. of
associating Christianity with the relentless purposes of ambition, using it as the cloak to
a sinister purpose, until cloak and what it covers come to seem identical, and the ser
mon on the mount and the beatitudes lose by the association, there are others, the true
seers and prophets of the time, who rescue, the panoply that is inscribed with peace on
earth and good will toward men, and carry it back to the sanctuary.
The fact that ambition tries to seem a virtue by- putting Christianity between it
and the world's condemnation is a tribute to the refuge it seeks as the mantle that may
cover sin. •
In this season California- felix, the happy, salutes the world. Her basket is full,
her store replete, her cup running over. Mercy and charity are abroad in her borders,
seeking out the lame and halt and blind, the disinherited of fortune and those that be sick,
to flood their days with a halcyon sunshine and make their ways pleasant, ease their pains
and lift sorrow from them. And mercy and charity, as they go hand in hand, bearing the
horn of plenty, rejoice that its stores are greater than the needs they are to supply, and
the ministers of humane help turn their ear to the cry that may come .from beyond the
border, and the need, no matter how distant, is supplied and the voice, no matter how
weak, is heard like the call of a trumpet. Our wealth of sunshine, of tinted sky and land
scape, embowered and beautiful, are the outward and visible signs of the wealth of good
feeling, and spirit of unselfish sacrifice, that are the endowment of our great people. So
to them and to theirs, and to the world because they are part of it, the compliments of
the season.
SENATORIAL SECRECY.
ALMOST every man of original force who
enters the United States Senate distinguishes
his first term by some effort to reform the
practices of that ancient and venerable body. The
efforts of course are no more successful than that
of the boy who tried to teach his grandmother to
suck eggs, but they are none the less interesting,
and sometimes instructive.
Senator Clapp, the new member from Minnesota,
is the latest adventurer in the way of trying to in
duce the Senate to alter its ways. He seems to be a
clever man, this Senator from Minnesota, for in
stead of making a grave or vehement argument for
the reform he wishes, he sought to bring it about
by irony and sarcasm. After reading in the morn:
ing papers the first day's reports of what had taken
place in secret session with reference to the Hay-
Pauncefote treaty, Senator Clapp introduced a reso
lution stating in effect that whereas the published
reports upon the question of ratification were not as
full Is they ought to be, and whereas the speeches
could be more fully reported if taken down by short
hand, therefore further discussion of the treaty
should be in open session.
The logic of the resolution is indisputable. - The
formality of holding an executive session on such a
question was hardly more than a farce. There was
no reason why the session should have been secret,
and that fact was recognized by the Senators them
selves, who promptly gave out a summary of all that
had happened. So far as secrecy is concerned the
discussion of the treaty might as well have been open
from start to finish.
Of course there are some matters that should be
discussed in secret and the secret shouid be kept.
Such matters, however, are rare. It is but seldom
our country has to engage in a treaty whose terms
may not just as weil be known to all the world,
and as a consequence there is not much use in hold
ing secret sessions tp consider ordinary treaties.
Of course Senator Clapp's resolution is not going
to bring about a "change in the Senate proceedings.
It did not even disturb them for a single day. It
was safely referred to a committee by which it has
been put into a pigeon hole or a waste basket, and
the Senate will never hear of it again. In fact the
next time a new Senator comes forth to suggest im
provement Senator Clapp himself will be among the
sages who "sit' on him." v ,;
There is . a report in the East that the school
teachers are .trying to get- themselves organized as
a branch of the Federation' of Labor for the purpose
of getting protection against politicians, and should
they do so and then strike for higher wages there
will be lots of business on the hands of the great
national arbitration committee.
. President Roosevelt is not Santa Claus, but all the
same he has many a gift to bestow just now, and
they run all the way from little sinecures up to Cabi
net positions; so it goes without saying there are
a good many stockings hanging around the White
House where he can see them/ ; U«
The question that is probably most troublesome to
Lord Kitchener just now is whether he can finish
up the Boers in time to attend the coronation cere
monies in London, or whether he will have to send
his regrets.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 25, 1901.
SOME. time ago an eccentric Frenchman left by
will a considerable estate, the income of which
was to be employed by trustees in providing
each year, marriage portions for the handsomest
couples who were wedded in the district. The object
of. the testator was to promote marriage and to as
sist in improving the French race by encouraging
the wedding of young people who were most likely
to produce strong and handsome children.
The eccentricity of the will, taken in connection
with the prolonged discussion concerning the alleged
weakening of the French race, led to its being re
ceived with much more seriousness than it deserved.
One of the effects, however, has been that of bring
ing to light a good deal of information concerning
the results of marriages made for the definite pur
pose of improving the race. It appears that such
marriages have been by no means successful, and
that the law of natural selection which inclines men
and women to marry solely because of a mutual
love for one another is much better for thfe race
than any system of matchmaking that has yet been
devised by pure reason. .
In a letter on the subject to the London Times
Mr. Harris, who was formerly British Consul for
Denmark, contributes from the history of that coun
try an interesting illustration of the folly of these
"improved marriages." He states that serfdom. was
not abolished in Denmark until 1788 and that some
years ' before that date a Danish soldier of fortune
returned from the East Indies and purchased a large
estate in Jutland. Having a desire to improve the
race and believing he could achieve it in much the
same way that breeds of cattle and of horses were
then being improved, he made the handsomest young
man in his parish marry the # handsomest young
woman, and paired the others according to their
merits. The - result was a complete failure. The
Consul says the unhappiness of the marriages became
a proverb throughout Denmark and the folly of the-
experiment is still remembered.
Such marriages as may be. made for the sake of
getting portions of the annual revenue from the
estate of the eccentric Frenchman may be more for
tunate than those imposed by the Danish reformer,
for they will at least be voluntary, but it is safe
to say they will not go far toward improving the
race. There may not be many things in which natu
ral selection is better than reasonable selection, but
the choice of a husband or a wife seems to be one
of them. *
It is said that upward of 9,000,000 people are ex
pected to sign the petition now being circulated
asking President Roosevelt to forbid the sale of
horses to Great Britain during the Boer War, but
the estimate is doubtless exaggerated. . There' can
hardly be that many people in this country who are
opposed to a horse trade of any kind.
A^ French military reformer wishes to teach every
private to sing and to play upon any portable musi
cal instrument he takes a fancy to, and should the
scheme be carried out the next war with France
may fill the whole. world with discord.
A New Jersey girl has applied to the. courts for
an • injunction to prevent a young man from mar
rying another girl, so it would seem that govern
ment by injunction is really getting to.be serious.
UNNATURAL SELECTION.
MILLIONAIRES' WIVES
TO SEND HER ABROAD
MISS EMMA BOWKER, A GIRL. WITH A "HEAVENLY VOICE," WHO
ATTRACTED THE ATTENTION OF MRS. SAGE AND MRS. KEENE,
AND WILL, RECEIVE A FOREIGN MUSICAL EDUCATION.
EMMA BOWKER is looked upon as
the luckiest girl in all the Rock
aways, for in addition to the fine
dress- that a millionaire's wife gave
her so she might sing at a social function
she is to be sent next month to Europe,
where she is to be given a musical edu
cation, writes the Far Rockaway corre
spondent of the New York Herald.
Emma Bowker is still in her teens and
is considered the prettiest girl in Inwood,
the little hamlet that for a few short
months was a part cf Greater New York.
She lives with her father, a painter, in a
little frame house which shelters a family
of nine. The Bowkers have not been
overblessed with this world's goods, and,
while one brother drives an ice wagon,
the mother is not too proud to go out
scrubbing to help educate and clothe her
children.
Emma went away about a year ago to
join the Salvation Army, believing that
she would have her voice trained, but
tambourine accompaniments in the open
air were not what she had expected, and
so she returned home and settled down
to home life and a seat in the choir of
PERSONAL MENTION.
Morris HIrsch, an attorney of Uklah, is
at the Lick.
Oscar G. Rogers, a mining man of Ba
kersfleld, is at the Lick.
Charles E. Swezey, a mining man of
Marysvllle, is at the Grand.
Oscar Meyerfield, an oil operator of
Bakersfield, is visiting the city.
Judge E. E. Gaddis and wife are at the
Grand. They will spend the holiday sea
son here.
Dr. . Humphries of Honolulu, who re
cently went East, returned yesterday and
Is at the California.
Naval Officer John P. Irish has returned
from his recent visit to the East and has
resumed his duties at the Custom-house.
He says he Is glad to be back again in
the genial sunshine of a California
Christmas.
Californians in New York.
NEW YORK, Dec. 24.-The following
Californians are In New York: From San
Francisco— Mrs. Bond and J. F. Conway
and wife, at the Bartholdl; Mrs. E. S.
Gray, Mrs. V. D. Moody and Mrs. M."
Robinson, at. the Navarre; C. K. Jone3
and C. P. Ferry, at the Grand Union: F.
A. Lang, at the Rossmore; Mrs. S. G.
Murphy and Miss Murphy, at the Ken
sington; Miss M. Vancli:sen, at the Im
perial; A. B. Blake and' wife, at the Hol
land. *
From Los Angeles— R. L. Baker and
Mrs. A. L. Bancroft, at the Herald
Square.
FRAXCO-GERMAN WARS.
Field Marshal Count von Waldersee of
the German army recently summed up the
result of 700 years of fighting betwen
France and Germany. "The figures prove
to my mind not only the folly of war in
general." pays Von Waldersee, "but like
wise that French and Germans are quits."
Here is the grand total of victories and
defeats, with the number of men killed
and wounded on the battle field for both
countries:
Frenchmen killed and wounded by *
Germans ..*.: 1,100,520
Germans killed and wounded by
Frenchmen 1,057.780
v N'umber of French, victories over
Germans 235
Number of German victories over
French 240
The Germans, on the whole, have had
five more victories than the French, and
have killed 42,740 more of their antagonists
than their antagonists have killed of
them.
The five extra victories, Count von Wai-"
derseo believes, may be accounted for by
the fact that the French have nearly al
ways fought single handed, while the
Germans have hud from two to three al
lies.
Both nations have lost about the same
number of men in battle, but French mor
tality has been greater owing to fevers
and epidemics. It seems a strange fact
that the two countries have hammered
away 'at each other for over seven cen
turies without any actual results, so far
as statistics of slaughter are concerned.
The French have gained exactly as many
fortresses as the Germans have won
sieges. Both nations have been forced to
honorable surrender an equal number of
times.— Cincinnati Enquirer.
"I've horribly misjudged ray new neigh
bor," said Mrs. Van Sickle. / /
"Really!", said Mrs. Jones.
.. "Yes." Tho first day she hung out her
washing. I sent little Bessie to peep
through a hole in the fence to see what
kind of clothes the family had." .
"Bessie reported that they were perfect
ly lovely." - V;'.
VAh!"
"And now It turns out that she does
washing for other people."
And the good woman picked up a maga
zine and tried to seem absorbed in an ex
amination of the half-tone productions of
"great paintings of the century."—Cleve
land Plain Dealer.
HOTEL. DEL CORONADO. choicest Wintet
Resort in the world, offers best living, climate,
boating, bathing, fishing and most amuse
ments. E. S. Babcock. manager, Coronado, Cal. .
the Episcopal church at Inwood, where
her voice started her on what may prove
a road to fortune.
Dr. Edward Octavus Flagg, a close
friend of Bishop Potter, had been spend
ing the summer here, and was Invited to
preach the McKinley memorial service.
He had read the first scriptural lesson,
when from the organ loft there came such
a voice of sweetness and sympathy as he
had never heard before.
"Nearer, My God, to Thee," was the
solo, and before it was half finished the
entire congregation was sobbing. The aged
divine was so impressed that he could not
continue with the service for several min
utes, and then it was to offer a prayer of
p*raise for the inspiration received from
the "heavenly voice."
After the service Dr. Flagg talked with
the singer, who was MIs3 Bowker, an3
learned, of her ambitions, and the second
day following she had sung for Mrs.
James R. Keene, Mrs. Russell Sage, Mrs.
.Daniel Lord and others.
It was decided at once to give the girl a
musical schooling a';rcad, and to that end
she is now preparing for the trip.
A CHANCE TO SMILfc
"And you will not smile upon me?"
faltered the Man.
"No," answered Fortune, sadly. "For
if I do I shall get myself disliked by the
women who have refused to marry you."
—Detroit Free Press.
Mrs. Crimsonbeak— I see by this paper
that in San Francisco the barber3 are re
quired to clean their razors with 95 per
cent alcohol before and after being used
on any person.
Mr. Crimsonbeak— Blow their breath on
It. I suppose.— Yonkers Statesman.
"Here's something about a woman who
has takeq up the study of sun spots,", she
exclaimed. ,
"Indeed!" he returned, absentmindedly.
"She must have a freckled boy."— Chicago
Post.
In the courting days he held her
On his lap an hour, may be;
Now they're married, and he grumbles
If he has to hold the baby.
—Philadelphia Record.
"Do you know. Miss Frisbie," said the
large-headed young author, "my most
brilliant thoughts come to me in my
sleep?"
"It's n. great pity that you are troubled
with Insomnia," added the pert young
lad:*.— Detroit Free Press. -
He— Don't you think you should set
the day. dearest?
She— Oh, no; not now. Why, we haven't
written each other enough love letters yet
to make a respectable volume.— Detroit
Free Pr^ss.
The Count— Sacr-r-r-re! The cashier of
my fiancee's father has defaulted! '
The Baron— Parbleu! Shall you break
off the engagement?
The Count— Mille tonner-r-res! I can
not tell until I find out how much he took
-Puck. v ; '; : ; W
"But, mamma," said the beautiful South
American heiress, "do you believe I wll*
have any trouble in being received in so
ciety in the United States?"
"I don't see why," answered her mother.
"You have plenty of money and you can
make the best of them look like small
change when It comes to being a daughter
of the revolution."— Indianapolis Sun
Bill— I took that dog lying over there
for a log.
Jill— Can't see why; the bark Is not vis
ible.— Yonkers Statesman.
A large number of colliers In Lanca
shire are accustomed to spending a por
tion of each week in the public house. In
stead of. following their work regularly,
and thus not having more than two or
three days a week to draw for at pay
day.
The mother of one oi these men, on
being told of the recent 5 per cent ad
vance In v/ages, asked her neighbor the
meaning of 5 per cent.
Her friend replied:
."Why, Mrs. Hobson. dest not know?
It means as every toime they gettin' a
peaund they'll get 21 shillings for it."
"Oh, dear me," Mrs. Hobson returned
"it'll mak' no difference to our Jerry- he
never gets a peaund I"— Spare Momenta.
Choice candies, Townsend's. Palace Hotel.*
Ex. strong hoarhound candy. Townsend's*
Cal. Qlace Fruit GOc per 1b at Townssnd'a. *
•Guillet's New Year's extra mince pi e3 Ice
cream and cake. 003 Larkin; phone East 108 •
Special information supplied dally to
business houses and public men n *l
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen ™ 510 Mon^
somtry street. Telephone Main 1042. "
Frederick the Great was said tn h« *u
thinnest and most cadaverous i,^U he
man in Prussia. "*verous looking
•••The Overland Limited," via Unirn P«»i«
R. R.. Is the only train makln* I P , Clflo
Chicaso with tho y r as t 9 kSS S'tSSTJS, 111
Chicago in the mcrr.ias -for" nS? t"A
quicker than on any othef i2SS xSi. Th"
train runs Every Day in the Tear n w
Hitchcock. Gen. A«.. No . 1 \J^£ m £ £
SOME ANSWERS
TO QUERIES BY
CALL READERS
THE MUSIC STAND— A. S., City. The
music stand In Golden Gate Park faces
east by north.
BLUE LAKES— B., Alameda, Cal. The
three bodies of water called Blue Lakes
are In Lake County. In this State.
GENERAL METJRITT— Soldier. City.
It was on the 29th of July, 1S93, that Gen
era! Merritt landed at Cavlte, Manila har
bor.
THE PROTET— F. M., City. The
French cruiser Protet was In this harbor
In April. 1900, having arrived on the 10th
of Xhat month.
SCHUMANN HEINK-W. H. S., Ala
meda. Cal. The range of the voice of
Madame Schumann Heink Is that ot a
contralto.
MUTILATING COIN— V. W. P...^H( it
land, Cal. There is a Federal sVWce
which declares that it is a crime to' mu
tilate United States coin.
KITCHEN— Subscriber. City. The walla
of a kitchen should be of vltrlfled tiles, as
the same can be easily washed and the
place always kept perfectly clean.
NO SUCH REWARD— F. H. S.. Red
ding, Cal. The United States Government
has not offered a reward for the discov
ery of platinum bearing rock or quartz.
JAPAN AND KOREA-Subscriber, City.
The question ' asked about Japan and
Korea is not clear enough to enable this
department to know what Information is
wanted.
INDIAN COLLEGE— K. B. J.. Sky land.
Cal. The list, of colleges In the United
States does not contain the name of "the
Indian Treaty Association College, situ
ated on an island forty miles north of
San Francisco."
LUMBER RAFT— S. and J.. City. Th:<s
department has not been able to find any
record of a lumber raft having been
brought to this port. There ha3 been
something: in the line of log rafts, but no
prepared lumber rafts.
RELATIONSHIP— J. A. M., City. If
two men who are strangers to one^^,
other marry sisters each becomes Cfr
brother-in-law of his wife's sister,
there is no relation between the two men
natural or created by law.
VENUS DE MELO— A Subscriber, City.
It is not known who was the sculptor of
Venus de Melo, commonly called De Mllo.
It derives its name from the fact that it
was discovered on the island named, one
of the Greek group, in 1820 by Admiral
Dumont.
BRINE FOR OLIVES— H., St. Helena,
Cal. Brine for olives Is made by using
fourteen ounces of salt to a gallon of
water. The water and the salt are boiled
together and one level teaspoonful of
powdered alum is added to every ten gal
lons of water. The liquid is then strained
and cooled. More than fourteen ounces
of salt to a gallon of water will shrivel
the olives.
UNCLE SAi:-nu!:3»:r : '.-;VCit\. 5 trtttff
the Revolution^.?"/ v.ar iVr*> *n*a u. r 're
tractor name* Btasxtel "Wiffcy;
: nished supplic ••» ta tbo G'fVsnWJ*
the goods thar
the initials U. ■•". I
those initials o— *,-''Z3 i:i'...«doL ior the
Government were for. and the reply was
that they stood for Uncle Sam, for Wil-.
son was familiarly called uncle. Frofin
that time on all Government property was
said to be Uncle Sam's.
A LEASE— J. P., City. Not knowing the
conditions of the lease In question, these
not being stated in the. letter of inquiry,
it is impossible to give a definite answer
to the question asked. As a general thing
a sub-lease is a contract made by a lessee
to another party for a portion of the es
tate or property held by the lessee under
a lease from the owner, and the term is
the duration of the lease, both the begin
ning and ending being stipulated in the
contract. Where a person hold3 undsr a
lessee from month to month the same
may be terminated at any time by giving
reasonable notice. .
LADY'S MAID— Subscriber. City. A
lady's maid should be a fairly well edu
cated person of taste and be neat. Her
principal duty is to attend to the personal
wants of her mistress In connection with
the toilet and the wardrobe. She should be
apt in the art of dressing hair, have good
judgment In the matter of contrast and
distribution of colors, be acquainted with
perfumery, cosmetics and all that la requi
site for a lady's toilet, be ready with the
needle and expert in the art of millinery-
She has charge of her lady's wardrobe and
should understand how to pack trunks and
boxes for a journey. In fact, she must be
a handy help, cheerful conpanlon antlf
confidential but not too familiar friend of^
her mistress.
ESPIRITO SANTO-Eugenia, City. The
flower called the Espirito Santo or Hob-
Ghost flower is said to be one of the most
extraordinary flowers that grows. It
blossoms in tho conservatory of Golden-
Gate Park. It Is described in the follow
ing language: "The blossoms are of ala
baster whiteness, in form like the tulip,
with powerful perfume like the magnolia.
Resting within the cup of the flower, so
marvelously formed that no human skill,
be it ever so cunning, could excel the re
semblance, lies the prone image of a dove.
Its exQUisitely molded pinions hang Hfe-
Iessly from its side; the head bends gently
forward; the tiny bill, tipped with a deli
cate carmine, almost touches it3 snow
white breast, while the expression of the
entire Image seems the very Incarnation
of meekness and ethereal innocence."
THE PRESIDBNCY-Subscriber, City.
There is nothing in the constitution of the
TTnited States -which says that the Vlce-
Presldent shall take the oath of office In
case of the death of the President. The
constitution says: "In case of the removal
of the President from office, or of his
death, resignation or inability to discharge -
the powers and duties of the said office,
the same shall devolve upon the Vice-
President." From this language It follows
that should the President temporarily "JL>
Incapacitated the Vice-President would
perform his duties, and he could not, while
the President was living, take the oath of
office as President; still he would dis
charge the duties of the office. It Is
claimed that there is no necessity for the
Vice-President to take the oath of office
as President on succeeding the President
after his death, but that it is done to avoid
any question that might be raised.
SAGO-A., Porterville. Cal. Sago ia a
variety of starch obtained from the pith
of the stems of the sago palm, an Ea3t
Indian tree -which grows in lowlands in
all the Islands of that part of the world.
It !s a low tree with a thick trunk, of
which the woody part is an Inch or two
inches only in, thickness, the whole cav
ity being filled at certain stages of its
growth with the farinaceous pith. This
is mixed with water, which is passed
through sieves, and the starchy matter
is allowed to settle. The water la then
run off and the flour, after being dried,
is put into little basket* made of sago
leaves. The produce of a tree is 750 pounds
of flour. A large quantity of sago flour
la shipped annually to the markets, where
It is purified and fitted for use as stay/h
in calico and the other manufactures, in
Borneo much of the starch is granulated
and the Chinese of Malacca prepare pearl
sago. The method of pearllns and granu
lating sago 13 not known to Europeans.
Sago not belns entirely soluble in hot
water, -it can therefore, be used in thj
making of puddings, etc.; and in that way
forms a valuable article of food, cheap,
light, nutritious and easy of digestion.
/PLACES BLAME
ON CONDUCTOR
Railway Company Holds
Him Responsible for
Accident.
Assistant Superintendent of
Road Says Phelps Un
coupled Car.
Fixing the responsibility of the Fill
more street car accident of Monday night
is the particular labor of the street rail
road company, and it is about decided
that Conductor M. B. Phelps Is entirely
responsible. Assistant superintendent
Stein of the Market-street system has this
to say of the company's findings, after
an official investigation:
"We examined the apparatus used by
the cars in the descent and ascent on Fill
more street between Broadway and Green
street and it was in perfect order, show
ing that no defect In the mechanism
could have been responsible for the acci
dent. Timekeeper Cameron was on the
top of the hill directing the cars and he
ordered car No. 757 to make the descent.
On account of the blockade this car was
just one trip behind and was ordered
back to Bay street and then to move
southward. Conductor Phelps, out of
habit, may have uncoupled the car. You
see, he came up the hill and was to go
down again, the passengers changing at
Green street for a south-bound car.
Phelps said he did not uncouple the car,
but he wavers under cross examination.
It is certain that the car was uncoupled."
Phelps says he did not uncouple the
car.
No matter where the responsibility lies
the street car company will be in the
throes of several damage 6Uits when the
new year rolls around. Already the rail
road's lawyers have been showing great
activity in attempting to secure a settle
ment with the injured passengers.
A. T. Deutschmann. the motorman of
the runaway car, was arrested yesterday
morning and charged with manslaughter.
He was released on $50 cash bail. Con
ductor Phelps was arrested during the
afternoon and also released on the same
amount cf bail.
A coroner's jury will hold an inquest
en the body of Miss Mary Phelan, who
succumbed to injuries resulting from the
accident.
Mrs. Mary Kelly, a domestic in the em
ploy of Edward Lichtenberg, ■who was
taken to St. Mary's Hospital immediately
after the collision, suffered greatly from
the shock. Her foot was severely crushed,
but last night she rested easily and' the
hospital physician expressed every hope
for her ultimate recovery. Mrs. M. K.
Mansie, who resides at 2111 Pierce street,
was resting easily at the Southern Pacific
Hospital last night. She, too, received an
injury to her right foot, a part of which
may have to be amputated.
TEMUBREBS TO OFFICERS'
SUITS ARE OVERRULED
Judg-e Hebbard Decides Tliat Statute
cf Limitation Does Not Pre
ywst Action.
iV-^-'-^rs interposed by City At
ttSgAgnCjCnft to the suits for reinstate
-iifcd i*y citrht policemen who were
f--r:i£?ed from ih« force within the last
.. pears wtf« overruled by Judge
Hebbird yesterday. The suits were de
murred to on the ground that the causes
■were barred by the statute of limitations
snd that the complaint did not state suf
iicient cause of action. The men affected
by the decision of Judge Hebbard are
Patrick J. Jones. John J. Allen, Jere
rniah McCarthy, Joseph Knright, Corne
lius J. Kelly, Andrew Briggs, John Gil
foy and W. J. Shields.
The suits demurred to are for writs of
rnandate to compel the Police Commis
sioners to restore the men to the force.
They claim that they were dismissed ar
bitrarily. Judge Hebbard holds that the
board has not the power to remove tho
men without a hearing. In rendering his
decision yesterday he paid:
"I do not believe that the Supreme
Court meant to say that the board might
po act, and I believe when the occasion
arises that the court, while affirming the
principle that the power to appoint im
plies power to remove, it will not decide
that the newly appointed Board of Police
Commissioners may arbitrarily remove all
of the members of the force they find on
duty and fill their places with new men
simply because It has the power to re
move. Such ought not to be the law and
such is not the law."
QUARAJTTINE OFFICER
SUED FOB MAINTENANCE
Jffrs. Alice Canaichxiel Alleges That
Her Husband Bbils to Provide
for Her Support.
Alice M. Carmichaol is suing Her hus
band, Duncan A. Carmlchacl, Federal
quarantine officer of this port, for main
tenance. They •were married at Honolulu
in July, 1S09. In the complaint Hied by
Mrs. Carmichaei she alleges that since
Julv of this year her husband has failed
to provide her with any means whatever
for her maintenance and support. She
alleges further that her husband is em
ployed by the United States Government
at a salary of $300 per month. Mrs. Car
michaei says she has an Income from her
own private property, but that it is in
sufficient to enable her to keep her posi
tion in society. She claims that she re
quires $250 per month to enable her to
travel in the "very best society." She
i- .-ks the court to award her $l*o a month.
Hews in Army Circles.
Colonel Rawles has completed arrange
ments for an officers' lyceum, which wIJI
meet twice weekly during- the first three
months of the new year.
Great preparations have been made for
giving the enlisted men at the Presidio
a. Christmas dinner which will linger long
in their memories, and it is expected that
they will be able to enjoy all those deli
cacies and perQuisites typical of the oc
casion. A detachment of 430 recruits left
Columbus Barracks, Ohio, yesterday for
this city.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
SENT FREE TO MEN!
A Mcst Remarkable Remedy Trut
Quickly Restores Lose Vig-or
to Men.
A Free Trial Pacfca<?3 Sent by Mail
to Aii Who Write. ;.~.
Free trial packages ol a most reraark-
nhle remedy are being mailed to all who
wi'i v.Tite to the State Medical Institute.
They cured so'tnany men who had battled
for years against the mental and physical
iufvrine of lost manhood that the Insti-
tute : has decided to distribute free trial
rjacl'aces to all who write. It is a home
treatment, and all men who suffer lrom
•my form cf sexual weakness resulting
'from vcuthful folly, premature loss of
Ktrere'h and memory, weak back, varlco-
cele or emaciation of parts can now cure
themselves at home.
The remedy has a peculiarly grateful
•effect of v.armth and seems to act direct
to the desired location, glvingr strength
and development just where It is needed.
It cures .ill the ills and troubles that come
from years of misuse of the natural func-
tions and has been an absolute success In
ali rases. A request to the State Medical
Institute. 328 Elektron building, -Fort
Wayne, Ind., stating that you desire one
of their free trial packages, will be com-
plied with promptly. The Institute is de-
sirous of reaching that great class of men
who are unable to leave home to be
treated, and the free samples will enable
them to eoe how ea?y it is to be cured of
sexual weakness when the proper reme-
dies are employed. The Institute makes
no restrictions. Any man who writes will
be sent a free sample, carefully sealed in
a plain package, so that its recipient need
have Tio lear of embarrassment or. pub-
licity. Readers are requested to write
without delay.
COST OF WATER
SUPPLY RAISED
Grunsky Charged With
Adding to Tuolumne
Estimate.
Public Utilities Committee to
; Begin Inquiry Into
«jv • . Allegation.
Public' Utilities Committee of the
Bofflcd .of Supervisors will begin an in
vestigation to-morrow into an allegation
that City Engineer Grunsky arbitrarily
raised the estimate of cost of the Tuo
lumne River water supply project as re
turned by Luther Wagoner, field assis
tant in charge of the water investigation
up to July 1, 1901, who made the prelimi
nary report on the subject
The committee has received information
that the figures compiled by Wagoner
were increased by Grunsky by nearly
$9,000,000, and that the last named offi
cial assigned no particular reasons for
making the changes. So important does
the committee consider the allegation that
it has subpenaed Wagoner to appear be
fore it to-morrow afternoon at its regu
lar meeting, when he will be questioned as
to the manner in which he arrived at the
results which were subsequently changed
by Grunsky.
In City Engineer Grunsky's recent re
port, in which he' recommended that the
Tuolumne River project be accepted by
the city as a municipal water supply, he
pieced the estimated cost of the project
at $38,000,000 to deliver 60,000,000 gallons
daily to this city. The cost of deliver
ing GO.OOO.OOO gallons per day through a
double pipe line via Livermore Pass was
estimated by Field Assistant Wagoner
to be $29,260,000.
The Utilities Committee will demand
that Grunsky give specific reasons for
making the increased estimate. It will
also seek information as to why Wagon
er's estimate on the cost of a tunnel un
oer Carquinez Straits was raised 40 per
cent.
Another line of inquiry to be pursued by
the committee will be the allegation made
by C. R. Alberger, one of the promoters
of the Giant Gap supply, that the data
in connection with the watershed of the
Tuolumne River is now on file in the of
fice of the United States Coast and Geo
detic Survey. Alberger avers that had
this "been obtained by the Board of Pub
lic Works it would have saved the city
several thousand dpllars in prosecuting a
similar investigation. .
"It is true," said Supervisor Reed,
chairman of Public Utilities Committee, in
an interview, "that our committee has re-,
ceived information that Field Assistant
uagoner's figures were raised by City
Engineer Grunsky in computing the cost
of the Tuolumne River project. We de
sire to probe the matter, as It is of too
great importance to be overlooked. Now
that the least technicality may invalidate
the Issuance of bonds for public utilities,
it will be the aim of the committee to
straighten out any entanglements that
may arise before taking final action
thereon."
JOY AT GERMAN HOSPITAL.
Music and Good Company Make Pa
tients Forget Their Sufferings.
The patients of the German Hospital
will long remember the gentle and kindly
entertainment prepared for them last
evening by the directors and John R.
Haake, the superintendent. The main hall
was elaborately decorated and in the cen
ter stood a fine Christmas tree. No less
a number than 115 convalescent patients
were broug-ht down to the hall in arm
chairs, rolling chairs,' couches and easy
chairs to enjoy the sir.ging of the nurse3
of the training school and the subdued
music by the Eureka Asylum Band. To
add to the evening's enjoyment several
short and entertaining addresses were de
livered and dainty . refreshments served.
Commodore J. Gutte spoke of the success
of the German Hospital and the admirable
character of the work that was being
done by the entire staff. At the close of
the musical programme the officers of.
the Institution entertained the directors
and friends at a supper in the main din
ing-room, where speeches were made by
Charles Goecker, an ex-director of the
institution; E. Lutz, vice president;
George Voiz, Sara Bibo. Dr. Xewman. Dr.
Eckhart, Dr. von der L,Ieth. A. H. Muller
and the chief surgeon. Dr. Fehleisen.
Superintendent Haake, who was inde
fatigable in his care of patients and
friends, was also among the speakers at
the supper and gave an Interesting- ac
count of his stewardship. The medical
staff was Justly proud of the fact that
out of 125 patients they could boast of 115
on the convalescent roll able to take part
in the Christmas festivities.
OUSTED TEACHER MAKES
AN APPEAL TO MAYOU
Mrs. Geraldine Donovan-Boyle Al
leges She Was Consolidated Out
of Position Illegally.
Mrs. Geraldir.e Donovan-Boyle sent a
communication yesterday to Mayor Phe
lan appealing to his Honor to Investigate
her alleged Illegal dismissal from the
school department by the Board of Edu
cation. In her communication Mrs. Boyle
recites that about a year ago, when she
was Miss Donovan, she -was consolidated
out of her position in tho Richmond Even
ing School. Two days after her dismis
sal another class was formed in the school
iind a teacher regularly assigned there
to.
After some time Mrs. Boyle was placed
on substitute duty, but upon her mar
riage one month ago she was denied . a
leave of absence and has been deemed
to be out of the department entirely. She
was further given to understand by Presi
dent Kincaid that the board did not -wish
teachers to marry and still continue in
the department. Mayor Phelan promised
Mrs. Boyle that he would make a per
sonal inquiry into the merits of her al
legations.
GEORGE EATON OBDERED
TO RENDER ACCOUNTING
Assignee of '.'Mammy" Pleasant Must
Show Causs Why He Should
Not Be Removed.
George R. Eaton, assignee of the estate
of "Mammy" Pleasant, was ordered by
Judge Trout yesterday to file within the
next five days an accounting of his stew
ardship. He has had charge of the old
colored woman's estate for two years, and
during that time has not filed any record
of his receipts and disbursements.
Judge Troutt's order is the result of a
petition for the removal of Eaton filed a
few days ago. It is claimed by the cred
itors cf Mrs. Pleasant that Eaton has not
been giving the estate proper attention
and Judge Troutt was petitioned to dis
charge him and appoint Oliver Roberts,
a local mining man, as his successor.
Mrs. Pleasant's creditors claim that she
is worth at least $250,000. '
General Smith Back From 'Washington
General James Smith, who went to
Washington to consult with the Federal
authorities on Philippine affairs, returned
to this city yesterday and is at the Cal
ifornia Hotel. General Smith reports that
the administration's policy In the matter
of the islands will prove satisfactory to
the natives.
A number of the gentlemen composing
the reception committee last night con
sulted with General Smith relative to a
reception to be given in his honor, and
while no positive agreement was reached
it is likely that the reception will not
long be deferred. -
Substantial Donations Beceived.
Mrs. W. B. Harrington, president of the
Children's Hospital, reported last night
that the donations of the past three days
aggregated $4361 50. In addition to this
sum a check for $3000 was received from
the executors of the estate of the late
Miss Anna Cohn, she having bequeathed
that sum to the Institution.
Rcanoke Rye. Honey and Horehound.
Its quality tells the story. •
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 25, 1901.
SHIP C. F. SARGENT AGAIN AFLOAT
AND IS DEEMED OUT OF DANGER
Work of Pumping the Water Out of Her Is Being Done
by Her Own Machinery and She Will Be Ready for
Docking : To-Morrow — Her Hull May Be Uninjured
THE ship C. F. Sargent is still in
Mission bay. She is afloat, but
her hold is nearly full of water
and the donkey engine and wind-
mill are kept busy freeing the
lower decks of water. All danger as to
fire has passed and the tugs were with
drawn early on Monday. Then the ves
sel's ■ own pumps began work and by
noon yesterday the Sargent was afloat.
There is now little or no danger and the
chances are that when the vessel is
docked she will be found to be practically
undamaged. The pumps and windmill
are keeping her clear of water and the
chances are that she will dock at Rosen
feld's bunkers on Thursday and begin
discharging. . •
CAPTAIN MtLES REMEMBERED.
Quartermaster of Transport Sheridan
Given a Loving Cup.
There was a very pleasing ceremony
aboard the transport Sheridan yesterday.
Quartermaster Captain Miles is to leave
the vessel at the end of the year and will
report at Fort Niagara for duty. He will
be succeeded by Quartermaster Captain
H. P. Young.
Yesterday the officers of the transport
got together and presented Captain Miles
with a loving cup. It was a beautiful
piece of work and bore the following in
scription:
A token of love and . esteem to Perry L.
Miles, captain Fourteenth Iniantry, U. S. A.,
transport quartermaster United States army
transport Sheridan, by the following officers:
G. H. Pierce, captain; Robert S. Paul, chief
engineer; II. Hienke, chief officer; George A.
Armes, first assistant engineer; John L. Car
penter, chief steward; Harry Merry, second
steward; Stephen Wythe, surgeon; Harry B.
Strauss, quartermaster's clerk; J. C. Rode
haver, commissary clerk, and John E. Bauer,
freisht clerk.
San Francisco, Cal., Dec. 25, 1901.
Captain Miles has been in the transport
service ever since the war began. He
was with the Warren for nearly a year
and a half and with the Sheridan since
last February. He "Is one of the best
liked quartermasters in the service and
his retirement to regular army service
will be regretted by all his friends on
the Sheridan and Warren.
Entertained His Friends.
Captain T. A. Nerney of the training
ship Marion had a number of guests out
with him on the bay yesterday. Among
them were Herman Schaffner and wife;
Walker A. Graves, past supreme repre
sentative of the Knights of Pythias, and
wife; George W. Bauer; Ogden H. Feth
ers, supreme chancellor of the Knights of
Pythias, and wife; Lieutenant Carl E.
Lindsay and wife, Miss Graham and Mrs.
S. B. Pearson. The launch made a tour
of the bay and made stops at Alcatraz,
Angel Island and the various revenue
cutters, finally bringing up at the Marion
about 4 p. m. The affair was a most en
joyable one.
Water Front Notes.
Quite a number of the Invercoe's crew
are down with the scurvy. The vessel
made a long run from Liverpool and
many of the men shipped at that port
had only just arrived from India. Three
of the men were removed to St. Mary's
Hospital yesterday, but the doctors have
no doubt that they will recover.
The Harbor Commissioners at yester
day's meeting decided to call for bids for
the dredging of Channel street.
"Colonel" Tom Burgoyne of the chief
warfinger's staff was the proudest man
on the front yesterday. All the "boys"
got together and purchased a handsome
cameo ring for him and when the pre
sentation was made by Percy Henderson
the 'old man" nearly broke down. He
could not make a suitable reply but did
manage to get out, "Boys, let's go and
take a drink." A more faithful or more
conscientious servant the State of Cali
fornia does not possess,
A cable to the Merchants' Exchange
states that the United States transport
Meade was In a typhon on December 10
Her boats were smashed and the cabins
Hooded, while the hospital was wrecked.
Luckily there were no patients in the
latter.
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
Motters of Interest to Mariners and
Shipping Merchants.
The following vessels were chartered prior
to arrival for wheat to Europe: Tho German
bark Bertha, at Portland, 41s 3d; tho British
b v. rk T Il ? verco e, at this port, 32s 6d; the British
ship Irby at Portland. 41s 3d; the French bark
La Rochefoucauld, at Portland, 30s 3d The
schooner Lyman T>. Foster loads redwood at
Eureka for Sydney. 60s; Melbourne or Ade-
L ald , e 1 .5 7 J. ed - chartG red prior to arrival. The
bark Mohican will return to Honolulu with a
general merchandise cargo
Shipments of Wheat.
The British bark Fernbank was cleared yes
terday for Queenstown, for ordera with 61 161
cUb wheat, valued at $53,718, and 18,000 ft
lumber as dunnage, valued at $275.
The Leelanaw's Cargo.
The steamer Leelanaw, which sailed Monday
for Panama, carried merchandise for New
York valued at 5113,238; Panama. $500; Kings
ton. Jamaica, $.-87; Liverpool. $325. The cargo
included the following: /
For New York— 217.320 gala wine, GO6.155
lbs dried prunes, 1470 cs canned salmon 10
bales herbs. 85,075 lbs dry hides, 13 pkes
witch hazel. 122 bales Junk, 21 sks cattle horns
MOO ctls barley, 10 bales rope. 057 pigs lead"
484 pks condemned ordnance stores.
For Panama — 20 spars.
For Kingston, Jamaica — 100 cs canned sal
mon, 5 1 cs assorted canned goods.
For Liverpool— 1171 lbs beeswax
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED
Tuesday, December 24.
Stmr Greenwood, Faperlund, 14 hours from
Greenwood.
Stmr Iaqua, Gunderson, 20 hours from Eu
reka.
Stmr Coos Hay, Nlcolson, 24 hours from
Mops Landing.
Stmr Navarro, Olssn, 10 hours from Caspar "
Ship Krr.ily F. Whitney, Brigman, 27 day^
from Kahului.
Br shin Afghanistan, Craigle, 60 days froir
Newcastle, Al!«. •
Bktn Gardiner City, Walton, S days from
Grays Harbor.
Schr Wcbfoot, Samson, 6 days from Coo; 1
Bay.
Schr J. M. Weatherwax, Backman, 12 days
from. Tacoma.
CLEARED.
Tuesday, December 24/
Br stmr StrathK.vle, Gordon, Portland; Cali
fornia and Oriental 6 S Co.
Stmr State of California. Thomas, San
Diego: Goodall. Perkins & Co.
Br bark Fernbank, Sherwood, Queenstown;
J. J. Moore & Co. .
Schr Aloha, Fry, Honolulu; Williams, Di
mond & Co.
Schr Helene, Christlanten, Honolulu; J. D
Spreckels & Bros. Co.
SAILED.
Tuesday, December 24.
Stmr Columbia, Doran, Astoria. .
Ncr stmr Titania, Egenes, Nanaimo.
Stmr Glasy, Leland, Santa Cruz.
Stmr Acme, Lundquist, Eureka.
Br etmr Strathgyle, Gorden, Portland, Or.
Stmr Cella. Adler, .
Br shlD Hlnemoa, Walker, Queenstown.
Ger ship Slam, Garlichs, Queenstown. -c >~
Br shiD Principality, Lewis, Queenstown.-
Br ehip Clackmannanshire, Thomson, Queens
town.
Schr Gotama, Olsen, Coos Bay.
Schr Eureka, Schou, Eureka.
Schr Free Trade, Magncaen, Coos Bay.
Schr Lizzie Vance, Olsen, Grays Harbor.
Schr Aloha, Fry, Honolulu.
Barge Santa Paula, M^Govern, Ventura, in
tow of tug Rescue. ■
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, Dec 24— 10 p. m.— Weather
hazy, wind northwest; velocity 16 miles.
MEMORANDUM.
I'er Br ship Afghanistan— Sailed from New
castle, Aus., Oct 25. Had fine weather to the
equator, which we crossed .'II! days out In Ionic
5S.54 W. Took NE trades in lat 1 N and/car
ried them to lat 22 W. Had light variable
winds off the Hawaiian Islands for «> days.
Had SE winds to lat 38 N and NW winds to
port. Dec 23, 4:50 p. m., the Noon Day Rock
Buoy adrift about 1 mile NW of North Far
allon.
SHIP C. F. SARGENT AS SHE APPEARS AT ANCHOR IN MISSION
BAY. THE WATER IS BEING PUMPED OUT OF HER HOLDS BY
HER OWN ENGINE.
SPOKEN.
Deo 17, lat 4 N, long 0 Wr- Br ship Routon
burn, from Hamburg, for Santa Rosalia %
Doc 17, lat 4U X; ■ long « W — Br ship ,Talus,
from Antwerp, for San Francisco.
MISCELLANEOUS.
MANILA— Arrived Dec 21— U S stmr Meade,
hence Xov 17. and reports boats, cabins and
hospital quarters damaged in typhoon, Dec 10
and 15
DOMESTIC PORTS.
PORT ANGELES— Arrived. Dec 24— Sohr
Minnie A. Calne, hence Dec l'J.
SEATTLE — Arrived Dec 23 — Stmr J. 3.
Klmball: 2-1 — Stmr Czarina, hence Dec 20.
Sailed Dec 24 — U S stmr Oceano. for Manila.
Arrived Dec 24 — Stmr Czarina, from San
Francisco; etmr Al-Ki, from Skagway.
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived Dec 24— Br
stmr Braemar. from HonRkong; bktn Tarn o'
Shanter, hence Dec 13, for Port Hadlock. v
Sailed Dec 24 — Br ship Owenee, for Queena
town; ship Win. II. Macy, for Algoa Bay.
PORT LOS ANGELES— Arrived Dec 23—
Stmr Mineola, from Nanaimo.
PORTLAND— Arrived Dec 21 — Bark Pax,
from Liverpool; Bhip Aurauras, from Callao.
Sailed Dec 24 — Bark Harry Morse, for San
COOS BAY — Arrived Dec 24 — Stmr Arcata,
hence Dec 21;
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived Dec 24— Ship
Charmer, from Honolulu; ship Sintram, hence
Dec 16.
BOWENS LANDING — Sailed Dec 21 — Stmr
Samoa, for San Pedro.
SAN PEDRO — Arrived Dec 24 — Stmr Luel
la, hence Doc 21; schr Oceana Vance, from Eu
reka; schr Maggie C. Russ, from Eureka.
ASTORIA — Arrived Dec 24 — Er ship Wen
dur, from Valparaiso; schr Volant, hsnee Dec
12. Sailed Dec 2i — Stmr Geo. W. Elder, for
San Francisco.
EUREKA— Arrived Dec 24— Stmr Newsboy,
hence Dec 22; stmr Pomona, hence Dec 23.
Sailed Dec 24— Stmr North Fork, for San
Francisco.
WHATCOM — Sailed Dec 2t — Ship Bangalore,
for Valparaiso.
TACOMA — Arrived Dec 2 4 — Br stmr rtrae
mar. from HonRkonp. Sailed— Bark Carrollton,
for Honolulu; Br Etmr Claverlng, for Hons
kone-
SAN DIEGO — Arrived Dec 21 — Stmr Santa
Rosa, from San Francisco. Sailed — Stmr St.
Denfs, for Ensenoda.
EASTERN PORTS.
NEW YORK— Arrived Dec 2i— Stmr Allian
ca, from Colon.
• FOREIGN PORTS.
CALCUTTA — In port Nov 28 — Br ship I<flrk
dale, for San Francisco; Br ship Crown of
Scotland, for San Frnnci&co.
FERNANDO NORONHA— Pawed Dec 2—
Cer stmr Luxor, from Hamburg, for San
Francisco.
ADEN — Sailed Xov IS — Br stmr Qu»en
Mary, for Vancouver.
HONGKONG— Sailed Dec 17 — Nor stmr
Kvarven, for MoJI.
NAGASAKI— Arrival Dec 21— U S stmr
Warren,- from Manila, for San Francisco.
IQCJIQUK— In pert Nov 10— IJr ship M. E.
■Wuteon, for Puset Sound.
'SINGAPORE — Sailed Deo 11 — Br stmr Pak
Iilnt'i for Seattle.
TABLE BAY— Sailed Nov 23— Br shiD Fin
gal, for Tacoma.
VALPARAISO— Sailed Dec 10— Ger etmr
Memphis, for Han^mrsr.
YOKOHAMA — Railed Dec !) — Dutch stmr
Wilhelmir.a. for Port Townsend.
CADIZ— Sailed Dec 7— Qcr stmr. Isis, for
Snn Francisco.
GUAYACnTIL— Sailed Dec S — Ccr stmr Se
scntrlR. for HamburR
VALPARAISO — Arrived Dec 21 — Br bark
bark Ivanhoe. from Newcastle. Australia.
AUCKLAND— An >ed Dec 24— Stmr Sierra,
hsnee Vtc V.
SAN JOSE DE GUATEMALA— Sailed Dec
22 — Br stmr Santiago, for San Francisco.
KOBE — Sailed Dec 23 — Br stmr Glenfarg, for
London. ; • t
MANILA — Sailed Dae 2-1 — U S stmr Grant,
for San Francis;".
HONGKONG— Sailed Dec 21— Stmr Tacoma,
from Yokohama. Hlojra an<\ Port Arthur, for
Taecma; stmr Victoria, from Yokohama, for
Tacoma.
HONGKONG — Arrived Dec 22— Stmr China,
hence Nov 2". /
NEWCASTLE. M. S. W.— Arrived Dec 21—
Schr Mlndonr., from Fremant'.e.
OCEAN STEAMERS.'
NAPLES — Arrived Dec 21— Stmr Calabria,
from New York.
CHEREOURG— Arrived Dec 24— Stmr Penn
sylvania, from New York, via Plymouth, for
Ham burs:.
AUCKLAND — Arrived Dec 24 — Stmr Sierra,
from San Francisco, via Honolulu, for Sydney,
N. S. W.
PENANG— Sail2d Dec 21— Str.ir Deaoyuno,
from Seattle, etc.. .for England.
KOBE— Sall-d Dec 2-T— Stmr Glenfarge, from
Tacoma. etr.. for London. , .,■
PLYMOUTH— Sailed Dec 21— Rtrr-r Graf
Walriprree. t'r-->m Hamburg, for New York.
QUEENSTOWN t» Arrived Dec 2H — Stmr
Noordln.nd, from Philadelphia, for Liverpool,
and rroccodDd.
Time Sail.
Branch , Hydrogrnphlc Office, U. S. N. Mer
chants' Exchange. San Francisco, Cal.,
December 24, 1001.
The Time Ball on the tower of the Fprry
building was dropped exactly at noon to-day.
I <?., at noon of the 120th meridian, or at 8
p m., Greenwich mean time.
" • t W. II. STANDT.EY,
Lieutenant U.S. Navy, in Charge.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
United- States Coast and Geodetic Survey —
Times and . Height3 of Men and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay.- Published by official au
thority of tha Superintendent. /
NOTE — Tho high and low waters occur at
the city front (.Mission-street .wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide is the same at both places,
WEDNESDAY. DECEMBER 25.
Sun rises 7:23
Sun sets 4:58
Moon rises (full) ......0:00 p. m.
0 Time |Tlme |Time Time
£ Ft. Ft. -- — Ft. -■: Ft.
a> L W H W L W H W
25 4:10 .2.7 1O:«B 0.7 5:32 — 1.4 '.
H W L W H W L W
26 0:41 5.0 5:11 2.8 11:21 6.5 6:18—1.3
27 1:2S 5.1 6:00 2.7 12:11 6.2 7:03—1.0
2S 2:11 5.3 7:04 2.0 l;0li 0.8 7:-i8— 05
29 2:50 6.4 S:0S 2.5 2:06 5.2 8:31 0.1
30 3:38 5.4 9:17 2.4 3:10 4.6 O:1U 0.0
31 4:21 0.D 10:30 2.2 4:1!) 4.2 10:01 1 2
1 5:16 n.5|ll:50 1.0] 5:41| 3.S 11:07 1.8
NOTE — In the above exposition of the t!de3
the early rnornins tides are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
fourth time column gives the last tide of the
day, except when there are but three tides, a3
sometimes occurs. The heights given are in
addition to tho soundings of the .United States
Coast Survey Charts, except when a minus ( )
sign precedes the height, and then the number
given 13 subtracted from the depth given by tho
charts. The plane of reference is the mean of
tho lower low waters.
Steamer Movements.
TO ARRIVE
Steamer. From. j Due.
Mandalay. ... Coquillo River ]r>et? 25
Kama Ana... Seattle A Tacoma !I)6C. 25 '
llainier Seattle & N. Whatcom.loeo. -25 !
Pleiades Coirox IDec. 20 i
Alliance Portland & Coos Bay...|Dee. 20 '
Pomona Humboldt 'Dec 2(5!
It. Dollar. . . . Sun Pedro i i ec . go
NorthFork.. Humboldt i Dec. 2(5
G. \V. Eliler.. Portland & APtoria iDec. 2<> I
Santa liiisa.. Pan I)|pgo & Way PtsjDe-" *'G
Corona ... Nowpott & Way Ports. Dec. 20
Point Arena.. lv»int .Arena Dec. 1!<!
San Pedro.... Grays Harbor Dec 2(5
Australia.... Tahiti Deo. 1'T
Amer. Maru.. China & Japan..' Dee. 27
CS. Dollar.... (ireyu Harbor Dec. 27 '
Arcata Coos Bay & Pt. Orford.|Dec "7
Despatch Han Vrdro ...'. iDec 23
Walla Walla. Ptfget Sound Ports ! Dee" 23
Curacao Mexican Ports Deo. 28
Herodot Hamburg <& Way Ports. Deo. 28 I
Eureka Humboldt Dec. 28 !
Maria Nmiaiinn De«* 2,S j
Kmpire Coos Bay |Dec. 23 !
Sun Jose Panama & Way Ports.. IDec. i!) !
Ivlith Seattle Dec. l"j j
Htate ct.Cal.n San Diego &. Way Fts.jl>?c. SU !
Washtenaw . . Taecma, iDec. 2") 1
.T. S. Klmbait S(>«ttlo & Taecma Dec ;{0 1
Nome City... Keattla |Dec 30 '
Czarina Seattle & Tcccma Dec' ;»l |
Columbia Portland & Astoria Dec. 31
Arequipa ValDRValcrt &• Way Pts. f.'ec. 81
Rival Wlllapa Harbor |Dec. SI
TO SAIL,
Steamer. Destination. • Sails. Pier.
December 2."J.
Santa Barb Humboldt 10 rm Pier 2
Kureka Humboldt Hr.m Pier ia
State Cal.. > San Diego & Way. . »am Pier 11
" December i:<>.
R. Dollar.. He.itt'e & Everett... 5pm Pier 2
Cha. Nelson Humboldt 5 pm Pier 2
Sonoma Sj-dney & "Way Pts. 10am|l'ier 7
Ueuembcr SS7. |
Sequoia.... Grays Harbor SpmlPier 2
City Puebla Pugct Sound Ports. . 11 am Pier 0
Uecen»Tj«T US.
Corona .... Newport & Way 0 am Pier 1 1
Point Arena Point Arena 2 pm Pier 2
Despatch.. Seattle & Falrhaven 5pm Pier lu
San Juan.. Panama & Way Pts. 12 m PUSS
Coptic China & Japan..... 1 pm PilSS
Pomona... Hu.nboldt l:30p Pier 0
Dcceutber -!>.
Manrla'.ay.. Coquiile River 5 pm Pier 2
Areata Coos Bay & Pt. Orf'd 10am Pier 13
Alliance... Portland & Way Pts 'Jam Pier It!
Santa Ana. Seattle & Tacoma... 10am Pier i
G. Elder... Astoria & Portland. 11 am Pier 2i
NorthFork Humboldt 'Jam Pier 2
Santa Rosa Han Dieso & Way.. "Jam Pier 11
December Jil).
Empire...'. Coos Bay ....12 m Pier 13
Det'eiaUrr :»1.
Rainier Seattle &, l>f Whatcm 5 pm Pier 2
Jannnry ■ 1."
Walla Wall Puget Sound Ports.. 11am Pier 0
January 2.
Of. Dollar.. Grays Harbor 5pm Pier 2
Bonita Newport & Way Pts Oam Pier 11
FROM SEATTLE.
Steamer. • •. For. Sails.
Kxcelsior. Cooks Inlet & Way Pts. Dec. 25
City Seattle. . Skagway & Way Port3 Dec. .'10
Cottage City. RknBWay & Way PortB. Dec. 3L
AI-K1... SkBRvray & Way Ports. Jan. 5
Bertha. 1 Valdez and' KmHnk. . . :. Jan. 7
Donate Birds to Charities.
The Fish Commissioners have lately
seized about 100 dozen game birds of var
ious kinds, and it was decided to present
them to, local charities for: to-day's din
ner. The institutions benefited by the
seizures are the.Almshouse. LJtt'.e Sis
ters' Infant Shelter. Old People'3 Home
and the California Gins' Training Home.
GEORGE STAACKE
LOSES HIS CASE
Supreme Court Upholds
Decision of Lower
Tribunal.
Confirms Opinion That He Is
Not Proper Executor of
Bell's Will.
George Staacke, who has made such
a hard legal fight to recover the position
of executor of the will of Thomas Beil,
from which he was removed by order of
the. Superior Court, has finally lost the
battle by decision of the Supreme Court.
Some time after Bell's death, his widow,
Teresa Bell, became convinced that the
estate was not being managed properly
and petitioned the Probate Court to re
move Staacke. He had a strong dis
taste for any such innovation and litiga
tion commenced. The evidence adduced
by Mrs. Bell at the former trial showed
that Staacke, as executor of the estate,
controlled some valuable property known
as Laguna Rancho, which was heavily
mortgaged to a Miss Thompson of New
York, for whom he was the agent. Hid
duties were naturally somewhat conflict
ing, and when the ranch, which is al
leged to be worth $100,000, was sold to tho
mortgagee for $58,000, Mrs. Bell concluded
that a change of executors would be ben
eficial.
The Supreme Court upholds the lower
court so far as Laguna Rancho is con
cerned, but cannot see that certain other
findings are warrlnted from the evi
dence. Staacke Is exonerated from the
accusation of criminal conduct, but his
stewardship of the estate Is character
ized as "mismanagement" and "neglect."
It is held therefore that the order of re
moval is just.
JANITORS WANT CIVIL
SERVICE EXAMINATION
Prepare to Complain to Mayor of
Commission's Delay in Setting
a Sate for Test.
The janitors of the City Hall are prepar
ing to call the attention of Mayor Phelan
to the dilatory tactics of the Civil Service
Commission in holding an examination
for positions as janitors. They will rep
resent that the commission has been in
existence for two years and yet has taken
no steps to put janitors under the civil
service.
The janitors say that the examination
would be a physical test only and that no
great preparations would have to be made
to put it into effect. If the examination
had been held the thirty-one janitors
at present employed in the City Hall and
Hall of Justice would have the protection
of the civil service provisions of the char
ter in the tenure of their positions. As
the matter stands they will now be sub
ject to the political changes in the mu
nicipal administration.
Mayor Phelan will be asked to order the
Civil Service Commission to hold an ex
amination for janitors immediately.
victim: of barroom
BBAWI A RICH MAN
Matthew Drias, Killed Near Auburn,
the Brother of a San Joaquin
Capitalist.
AUBURN, Dec. .24.— It was learned to
day that Matthew Drias, who was killed
in a pistol fight near here on Sunday, was
a former resident of Farmington, San
Joaquin County, where his brother is a
capitalist. Drias had a fortune of $50,000
held in trust for him. Being of dissolute
habits, he was allowed only the interest.
Frank Cundy, who, it is said, started the
fight, is still at large. Drias* body will
be shipped to Farmington to-morrow.
Banker Beckman's Victory.
SACRAMENTO, Dec. 24.-William Beck
man, president of the People's, Savings
Bank of this city and ex-State Railroad
Commissioner, recently examined by Jus
tice Jay R. Brown on a charge of violat
ing the Federal postal laws, was dis
charged this afternoon. Beekman sent
three postal cards to P. S. Wickersham
of San Francisco, asking him to return
money he had borrowed. On one he
wrote that unless the money were paid
he would have to buy more postal cards.
Deputy United States District Attorney
Banning 1 held that this was a threat, but
Justice Brown ruled that If it were a
threat It was against the writer himself
and ordered Beckman's discharge.
Packing "Warehouse Burned.
SAN JOSE, Dec. 24.— George Frank &
Co.'s drier and packing warehouse was
drstroyed by fire between 6 and 7 o'clock
this mcrntnj:, together with a lot of new
machinery, trays, etc., and ISO tons of
dried fruit. The fire is supposed to have
caught from sparks from the engine,
which had been running all night. The
loss will approximate $10,GC0, partially in
isured.
SAN RAFAEL. Dec. 2.1. — Dad,le Maher. a
painter, while mixing turpentine and beeswax
this afternoon, was seriously burned by the
explosion of the lnprredienta. Ilia left arm ia
In a frlrhtful condition.
NEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
Parasites Cause All Hair Troubles.
Nine-tenths of the diseases of the scalp
and hair are caused by parasitic germs.
The importance of this discovery by Pro-
fessor Unna of the Charity Hospital,
Hamburg, Germany, cannot be overesti-
mated. It explains why ordinary hair
preparations, even of the most expensive
character, fail to cure dandruff; because
they do not, and they cannot, kill the dan-
druff germ. The only hair preparation in j
the world that positively destroys the
dandruff parasites that burrow up the i
scalp into scaies called scurf or dandruff
Is Newbro's Herpicide. In addition to its
destroying the dandruff germ Herpicide is
also a delightful hair dressing, making
the hair glossy and soft as silk. "- ••-"*■
AMUSEMZLMTS.
EVERT EVENING. THIS EV^KflNG.
CHRISTMAS MATINEE TO-DAT
Chas. H. Yale's Everlasting
20th EdiUon and the Best Ever.
MATINEE SATURDAY.
NEXT SUNDAY. Dec. 2a
BLACK F*ATTI
TROUBADOURS.
- Thts Year Everything New.
Mats. New Year's Day and Saturday.
SEATS THURSDAY.
CHUTES and ZOO
Great Vaudeville Show!
BIG CHRISTMAS TREE.
A HANDSOME PRESENT FOR EACH CHILD
EVERY AFTERNOON AND EVEN-
ING DURING THIS WEEK.
TO-MORROW NIGHT.
THE AMATEURS'
CHRISTMAS PARTY.
/
Telephone for Seats — Park 2"*
AUCTJSEMEjSTTS.
a«^* * * 9S iH *V E) Bf ■ *& &
Belasco & Thall, Mgr3. '#Bt _^ -,1ft 1
EXTRA MATINEE TO- JbS^jili
DAY (XMAS). -1^5^ .jS«
ALL THIS WEEK. wfefewJiciL
OUR HOLIDAY FUN'. "^iO^^Sv
CHARLEY'S l§ii§?
AUNT. H .«»
"From Brazil, Where the 'MS* \ -S^W
A Laugh a Minute for 2 jmi'Sra"*
Prices— 15. 23, 35, 50, 73c. •T'jPSSsSW^^V
Regular Mat. Sat. & Sun. (mmmmmw
&ElASCO"*s>TJiJ3£r& ;:*&$&,
" "^ DKE3S CITY tt/Ul
OUR XMAS OFFERING.
EXTRA MATINEE TO-DAY (XMAS DAY).
TO-NIGHT— All This Week,
Everybody's Favorite Play.
A Great Cast — A Sumptuous Production.
Regular Matinee Saturday and Sunday.
P2?rE? Evenings 10c to 50o
IfiiWC3 Matinees 30c, 15c, 25a
Next Week— "THE TWO SISTERS."
— — — —
1 MATINEE TO-DAY (WEDNESDAY), Dec. 25.
! Parquet, any seat. 25c; balcony. 10c; chil-
; dren, any part except reserved, 10c.
jORPHEUM ROAD SHOW!
! Mclntyre and Heath, Joe "Welch,
Elizabeth Murray, W. C. Fields,
Union Gatling Guards, Macomber .
and Engle'ton, the Serenaders and
I.es Agios.
! SPECIAL MATINEE TO-MORROW (THUR3-
j DAY.)
I — — — —
■ THIS AND NEXT WEEK.
! s houd'ay MATINEE TO-DAY.
i Matinee Saturday and New Tear's Day.
Mary Mannering
In a dramatic version by Paul Leicester Ford
I and Edward E. Rose of the former's widely
i read romantic revolutionary story,
JANICE MEREDITH.
Special Announcement — Matinee perform-
I ance Thursday afternoon. January 2 — Mary
i Hannorin* in "CAMILLE."
I Curtain Rises — Evenings, 8:30; Matinees. 2:15.
Special Christmas Matinee
TO-DAY
Usual Matinees SATURDAY and SUNDAY.
TO-NIGHT and Every Evening This Week,
MINNIE SELIGMAN
In a Masmiflcent Scenic Production of
'-
Beautifully Staged. Elegantly Costumed.
1 Special Engagement o* the Marvelous Dancers,
; > ROSE AND JEANN'ETTE.
Incidental Music From Score of ODera.
' POPULAR PRICES— 10c. 15c. 25c. 50c. 75c.
Good Orchestra Seat3 All Matinees. £5c.
Next Week— MINNIE SELIGMAN ia "A
LADY OP QUALITY."
Evenings at 8 Sharp.
MATINEE SATURDAY. CHRISTMAS AND
XEW YEAR DATS at 2 Sharp!
| "THE ONLY REAL HOLIDAY SHOW."
Ferris Hartman's Merry Extravaganza,
Little Red
Riding Hood
| IT HAS CHARMED THE TOWN.
= POPULAR PRICES— 25c, 50c and 75c.
Telephone Bush 9.
CENTRAL PARK,
Market Street, near Eighth.
GAMES AT. 2:30 P. M.
TO-DAY (THURSDAY), SATURDAY, SUN-
DAY AND NEW YEARS. A
ADMISSION 25c AND 80c
RACING
■Jg^yS*s=3wC|jr» Every 'Week Day-
's^ Rain or Sbine.
NEW CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLCB
OAKLAND RACETRACK.
Races start at 2:15 p. m. »haro.
Ferry-boats leave San Francisco at 12 m. and
12:30. 1. 1:30. 2. 2:30 and 3 p. m., connecting
with trains stopping at the entrance to tho
track. Last two cars on train reserved for
ladles and their escorts; no smoking. Buy your
ferry tickets to Shell Mound. All trains via
Oakland mole connect -with San Pablo avenua •
electric cars at Seventh and Broadway, Oak-
land. Also all trains via Alameda mole con-
nect with San Pablo avenue cars at Four-
teenth and Broadway, Oakland. These electrio
cars ko direct to the track In fifteen minutes
Returning — Trains leave the track at 4:15 and
4:-15 p. to. and immediately after the last raca.
THOMAS H. WILLIAMS JR.. President.
CHAS. F. PRICE. Secy, and Mgr.
BASEBALL.
ALL-AMERICANS
"VS.
NATIONALS.
CHRISTMAS DAY (TWO GAMES.)
10:30 A. M. AND 2:30 P. M.
RECREATION PARK.
EIGHTH AND HARRISON STREETS.
FISCHER'S concert house.
Prof. A. J. Topping. Eleanora Jenkins, Otto
T. Johnson. Lamar and Hall. Coleman and
Mexis. Kllzabeth Nella. the Paloma. Quartat,
and Hinrichs' Orchestra. Reserved Seats. 23c.
Matinee Sunday and Christmas.
PALACE and
GRAND HOTELS.
On one side of these magnificent
hotels is the wholesale and manu-
facturers' district— en the other re-
tall stores, clubs, railroad and
newspaper offices, banks and the-
aters. Street cars to all parts of
the city — depots, ferries and parks-
pass the entrance.
American and European plans.
78
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
No local or Eastern grain quotations.
tight business on ihe stock exchanges.
I Sugar marked down 25c.
Silver a fraction /inner. Exchange as before.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables show little change.
Biiiicr, Cheese and Eggs as before.
Almost a famine in California Turkeys.
Game and live Poultry firm, with moderate receipts.
Nothing new in Fresh Fruits.
Dried Fruits continue remarkably active.
All ihe eld 1 poo Prunes sold at last.
■ Provisions quiet and unchanged.
Stocks of Wool reduced to almost nothing.
Hops continue ito pass briskly out of first hands.
Hogs siPl in light supply and firm.
Beef, Mutton and Veal rule strong under light supplies.
The Weather and Crops.
A. G. McAdie, section director of the climate
rr«3 crcp service of the Weather Eureau, issues
tile foiloTVir.g weekly report:
GEXESAXa SUMMARY.
Low i^Tnpcrafjres bkra continued through
out ihe crtat valleys cv.d alonj the coast, but
xycrrr.cr srcslber has prevailed in Southern Cal-
J'oruia. The Weather has been generally clear.
VUh occasional fogs. Severe frosts have oc
«"':rred la the central cn<3 northern portions of
tiie State. No rai:i has fallen during the week.
Plowing and seeding are progresses except
la some of the southern districts, where the
f-oi! is too dry for profitable cultivation. In
; onions of the centra! and northern districts
the pain acreage will be large and in some in
stances much greater than average, uu: In
otbrr sectior-s the acreage will be below aver
age if raJn does not fall soon. Grain continues
In . xcelient condition in most places, but its
errowth Is btir.g somewhat retarded by cool
weather. New grass has been damaged by
l.-osts in only a few places and green feed is
abundant. Garden truck has been seriously
li^ured by frost.
Ibex* is a lack of definite Information re
|a:d:r.j :ht damage to citrus fruits by the
fiosis of the preceding week. It Is probable
that oranges not protected by smudging were
considerably injured, and it is certain that
young orange orchards and nursery btock were
badiy damagtU. Vineyards and orchards are
In good condition.
Sacramento Valley — The weather has con
tijued about the same as during ihe preceding
veek, with tea:perature somewhat below noi
n.ai, heavy irosts and no rain. Very little
carnage has been done by the irosts except to
»;a.r<3tji truck. Green feed Is still plentiful in
most places and stock &re doing well. Ora.in
Is making good growth and is of healthy color.
Plowing and seeding are progressing. Pros
pects continue good fcr a large acreage of
train. Orchards and vineyards are in good
condition.
Coast and Bay Sections — Fair, cool weather
fcas i-oatiniica Curing the week, with heavy
Irosts in tome sections. New grass has been
damaged by the frosts in some places, but
gieen feed is still plentiful and stock are in
good condition. Grain has made rapid growth
aiicr 's looking strong and healthy. 'Plowing
and seeding are progressing. In some of the
eouihern counties tne soil is becoming rather
dry lor cultivating and rain would be benefi
cial. Pruning continues and orchards and
vineyards arc- in excellent condition.
Sen Joaquin Valley — The weather has con
tinued cold and generally clear during the
neck, with occasional fogs. Minimum tem
reratures of -0 and 21 degrees are reported in
several places, and severe frosts have been fre
quent throughout the valley. The damage to
citrus fruits lias been light, but a few oranges
remaining on the trees were ruined. Young
orange orchards and nursery stock have been
considerably injured ar.d tender plants and new
Erracs damaged. Grain has not yet been in
jured by the cold weather and is in good con
dition, but would be benefited by rain. Green
feed is plentiful. Plov.-ing and 6eeding con
tinu", tli6ugh slowly in sorne sections, and the
grain ecreagre v.-ill be considerably curtailed if
r<?.in <Jots not fall soon. Vineyard and orchard
work is projrrePFing.
bouthern California — The weather bas been
considerably warmer than during the preceding
(reek, and generally clear and pleasant, but
with cool, frosty nights !n some sections.
Grain and srass are being somewhat Injured
by continued cool weather and absence of rain.
T^o definite reports of the damage to citrus
fiuits by the severe frosts of the 13th and 14th
b.-ive been received. The correspondents at
Anaheim and North Ontario report very little
injury to oranges. The orange crop is matur
ing lapidly and heavy shipments are being
:: ..ir Rain is needed.
Eureka ijummary — The weather during the
fan week was favorable for farm work. The
Foil i? in good condition; plowing and seeding
progressed rapidly. Pasturage is good and
grain growing well.
Los Angeles Summary — Warmer. Rain
needed. Farmers are uneasy and waiting for
rein to continue work. Orchardists are irri
fatins. Injury from frost said to be not seri
ous to citrus fruits.
Weather Report.
O20th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
BAN' FRANCISCO, Dec. 24, 1901— 5 p. m.
Tlie following are the seasonal rainfalls to
tfate as compared with those of the same <Iate
last season, and rainfalls in last twenty-four
hours:
Last This Last
Stations — 24 Hours. Season. Season.
Eureka 00 10,07 20.51
lied BlBtf 00 ».O8 S.fil
•arr-aniento .00 5. OS 7.CS
San Francisco . .00 B.S^ 7.22
Fr»rru> 00 2.17 T..43
Ir.'loiwT.dcnce GO 1.34 2.31
Snn Luis Ob'rpo. T. 4.5<1 10.20
l<os Anccles 00 2.4. r . 0.79
£an iX-Si 00 0.77 1.73
San Frnr.riyco data: Maximum temperature,
72: minimum, DO; mean. CL
The following maximum and minimum tem
r-ratures were reported from Eastern sta
ti'ms:
Boston. 40-34; Cincinnati. 40-34: Washington.
R"-:*0; SackfOttvtUc CS-52; Kansas City. 52-44;
New Tcrk, 42-".-l; Omaha. 42-34; Duluth. 2G-22;
Bs'.t Lake City. 52-:!2; Chicago. .1G-32; St.
Louis, 40-4C; Philadelphia, 40-34.
tu;: coast record.
ETATIOJJ. 3 S.S "*'' "'*
Eakw 30.18 no 2(J ' NW finow J)2
A?tor!a 30.24 f.O 4ri N\v Cloudr S2
J^"">n ."0.-J2 4S 28 X Cloudy .00
Eureka. M.IM T,0 42 >.' <l>ar T ]
Fresno T13.0S m 34 W Clear .00
F.a«;«t»1t 3U.J2 M ti 12 . - Pt.Cldy T
Jv^at-iio. ida.:M).22 ;;i vi w sno'w oi
rri«#peBdraee..S>we(( r.8 ."4 NW Ci.ar 'oo
LuaAnselea.:.29.U0 <;a 44 W Clear '(•,)
f*Z***: »"« « SO W CWar w
3-ortlsn-1......;:o.2.J 44 ::o HE Ualn .:to
Von Bluff .10.12 (A 48 N n^r Ofi
HosoojrK .".O.SB 44 34 K RaJn V-*i|
F«cnmento..:.t0.03 <<i 40 NW Pt Oldy 'on
fa!«lAl.r 3D. 22 M 32 BE rw.viy .00
tsn Fraric;Kco.:W.M 72 CO W Pt.Cl.ly .ih)
P. L. Obi' ;.«... 28. OS <:H 44 N rjp.nr T
m.n r>l-jro Lfl.sa c* <4 NW Clear uh
f-»Uio "0.H 4*? 42 KB Cloudy V.
l-ookar.c 2t»,00 40 i2 .B\V Clear f CO
J.'fjUi Ti*y ■;■• .....
V'aUa W«Ua. .3O.«« 4<t r.c. FW ClouVy T*
>Viniifr'jucra..r.0.22 40 14 W Ouu<!y < f)
Vwin.^ 2ft. S4 72 4<> N Clear '.m
a. m..,C<]
WJ^ATItRR COXCITIONS AND GENKRAL
•Hi* pj»*sur* has rlei-n fiver the w^st^rn por
; t<on t.f i*-»- r.jui;lr> an'J has fallen slowly over
the <xir<~n;o southern r">nion of California
llain Is falling neut.-n.Uy over Oregon an.l
Wasbinirtcn. I'aueually narm weather Si.-is
irc\.-:il.<I at <-an Francisco, the n:ax!rr.u,:i
t'tr.p.-ro'uti- bciaz 72.2 oVjsrecj!. which Is the
i-i?:'"'kt. tttgpcratera reoonled <iuHngr any D"
• ••!.^..r oJace thf l^^innlng of the rw>rdh.
t hristvnmm day promises to b* coneraily fair
*•••■• T !::-;.-t of c'a'.Uorr.ia. High nortli wmfls jirc
J 1*1 orf «1 at rastiy stations.
: '•■■ Fotwatt nm0« ui i"an Branc!sco for thirty
l'.oirK rr;0!i:p ril'lnl^ht, Dfooinl>?r 23:
K«jrth»ra Ca-^trrJa— Fair Wr-lneeday; !lght
r.or'.;: v.-tzi'if. - •■ .
Rout h'-.y. Califorala-i-Ooudy In the morning;
ro.ii <iui'nr '!:•' <1r.y; t.-ir.W. north vrlnis dimi.n
,WiIltf li! fOiC.'.
N» ••.•<!«- "air UVvIaesday; lisht north winf:?
K;.n Frtr. isno pml vicinity— Fair Wednesday:
ALEXANDER MpADIE.
Forecast Official.
EASTERN MARKETS.
Nezv York Stock Market.
NSW YORK. Dec. 24.— To-day's aggregata
dealings were slightly In excess of those of
yesterday, principally by reason of the active
speculation for a Tall in . Sugar. The dealings
in the reneral market were In the hands of
professional traders and only a small part of
the day's operations originated ; outside the
board room. The late recovery in prices after
the steady downward tendency of the early
part of X^»c d&y 'ws.s sufficient to put the i?ro~
fesslonal stamp upon the day's market. Even
in Sugar, although thsre was obviously very
large liquidation, the largest traders on tha
Kxchange joined actively in the selling for
short account. There were sales of 1000 to
10.000 shares during the day by individual
brokers and some of the largest sellers bought
to cover before the close. The stock was
forced down at one time to 103^4, representing
a decline of <$i& lrom last night's level. The
demand from the shorts rallied it to 1OC94 and
the closing was at 105>4. representing a uet
loss of 3?i. The traders offered pessimistic
arguments of the very large accumulation of
stocks, the wiping out of a profitable margin
in the price and the threatening increase in
the production of beet sugar. Parallels were
drawn by the copper episode to point to the
inadequacy of the great industrial combinations
to regulate and control trade in staple products.
Meantime the copper market in London made
a turn irom its lone downward course and
rallied quite strongly. Amalgamated Copper
here resisted the general weakness pf the mar
ket and rose at one time ITs over last night,
closing with a net gain of %. There were a
few other stocks which made headway against
the prevailing depression, notably the Hocking
Valley stocks, which rose l',£ and 2% respect
ively for the common and preferred on the re
iterated rumor of the projected retirement of
the preferred. The etronsr movement in the
general list was based upon the expectation
that there would be a flurry in call money
during the day on account of the requirements
to carry over the holiday. The bears alf=o
counted upon the depressing Influence of con
tinued weakness in Sugar. The earlier rates
for call money proved to be the highest and
lenders who held out for the high rates found
themselves with funds unplaced. . The offer
ings of this residue carried the rate down be
low 6 per cent in the afternoon .and was the
effective factor in driving the shorts to cover.
The bears, however, showed a natural inclina-'
tion to gather in their day's profits before
Christroas. . The market was a. reflection of
the holiday season throughout. The closing
v,as fairly Eteady at the rally and with the
earlier losses mostly reduced to a fraction, ex
cept in St. Paul and Union Pacific, which were
under conspicuous pressure all day on account
of the uneasiness caused by the onslaught upon
Union Pacific interests in the public statement
by President Hill of the Great Northern. Lake
Erie and Western dropped 3% and the pre
ferred 4 points on single sales.
The bond market was dull and irregular.
Total sales, par value SI. 020.000.
United States 4s declined %. but all other
Issues advanced i£ per cent on the closing call.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Stock— Sales. High. Low. Close.
Atchison 11.000 77% 7G% 77 W
Atchieon prefd 5.800 100% 100H 100^
Bal & Ohio 1,500 101=4- 100% 101'i
Eal & Ohio prefd.. 100 0414 94Vi 93V-
Canadian Pacific... 200 11214- 112^ 112%
Canada Southern 85%
Ches ii Ohio 000 4«4 4GU 4C» /g
Chi & Alton 400 33 3tV* 3-Ui
Chi & Alton prefd 75%
Chi, Ind & Louis.. 400 48% 48% 4SVa
Chi, Ind & L prefd. 100 74V. 7i*i 74$
Chi & Bast Illinois 134V
C & G West 800 24 23'i 23%
C & G West A pfd 84
C & G West B pfd. 500 47 43Vi 4G%
Chicago & N 300 205 202 200
C. R I & Pacific... 800 150 149 150
Chi T & Trans ... 700 10Vi 15% 15V4
Chi T & Trans pfd 30»4
C, C. C & St Lculs 97
Colo So 300 14% 14% U\i
Colo So 1st prefd.. 000 trt'/j 57^ 67%
Colo So 2d prefd 20%
I>ela & Hudson ... 1,400 174% 174 174
Del. Lack & West 242
D & n G prefd 200 94»4 93% 04
Erie 1,500 40% .19% 80%
Erie 1st prefd .... 6,500 72% 71% 12
Krie 2d pretd 500 58 57 07^4
Great Xor prefd... S00 184 1S2% 1S2";
Hocking Valley .. 2.400 71>£ 70 71*i
Hocking Val prefd. 2,000 87 84% 80% '
Illinois Central ... 100 1S8 138 13V=J \
Iowa Central 30
Iowa Central prefd 71
L B & Western 100 66 66 67
L E & West prefd. 2<K) 128 320 ]2rt
Lculsville & Kash. f»00 ■ 100 105% 105%
Manhattan L 18.S00 133 131% 132%
Metropolitan St Ry l,!>00 IGO'4 159Vi 15O>4 I
Mexican Central.... l.liOO 24>,i 2A% 23%!
Mexican National.. 100 13% 13% 13%
Minn & St IjouIs ]0(,
Missouri Pacific 0,700 103»i 1O3V4 102%
, M. K & Texas 25
M. K & T prefd... 300 R3 C2 52%
New Jersey Central 200 186 185 184
New York Central. 3,200 ICO I«4»$ Km%
Nor & Wc-f tern 000 CC% 50 5tf '
Nor & West prefd 91
Nor Pacific prefd.. 100 09% 09% «!)% I
Ontario & Western. 4.2C0 .14 33 Va ; >-'' ! >i
Pennsylvania 5,100 147H 147 Vi 147% '
Heading ."J.%.2011 50% 49% 50 |
Reading J Ft prefd.. :«.400 80% RO 80
Ueadinc 2d prefd.. r.,:5G0 ('.ft 59 Vs 59 V4
S L & S F 1,500 C5tt 55 , 54% 1
S L & S F 1st prefd • 82' I
S L & S F 2d prefd 400 7.5 U 72% 7.JU
St Louis So 100 27% 27Vi 21
St Louis So prefd.. .".00 59 ' 58 . 58
jSt'Paul 43,800 1C3H Nil 302
St Paul prefd 187
Southern Pacific... 11,200 «ou 59% 59%
.Southern Railway.. 5.800 "2% 32% 32%
Southern Hy prefd. 1,700 m\\ 02% 02%
Texas & Pacific .. 200 r.siyi ;{$vl nxL
T. St L & West.!.. 100 18 Vj ISty 18U
, T. St L & W prefd. 100 S4?J Zf>Z :{414
! l.'nion Pacific 54,300 102% 100W, 100%
i L'lUnn Pacific pfd.. 400 89% 8ST4 80
I WabaMi '. 2,100 22% 21% 22
Wnbash ;>fd 1.300 VI 41% 41%
Wh«c| & L E 500 IS»i 1SU 17>;4
\ Wli & L K 2d pfd. 28>i
Winconein Cent.... 1,000 20% 201,6 20%
[Win Cent pfd 100 40% 40% 40%
1 nxrrces companies —
.iourii.s ■•••■• ..... .... .... 1I/U
I American 202
I riillfl StatOB .... 200 05 05 03
I \Vflln Fargo 190
i ?ul«' i !!.i:if fivs-
i Amnl <*or>!>p»r 25.100 OS <W% . fi7
1 Am c«r & Kirty... «00 2!)% 20% 20%
j Ar-i <-nr A- K pfd.. 1.000 S«U 85% 80
Am LtnsiMKl Oil:; 15
Am. Unseed Oil pfd 43
i Am f?tr.i-H & P.ef.. fl.ROO 4n*i 42V, 43«
I Am K It :>fd. i'X div 200 :M5VJ MU :)5%
! Ana<-onila Mnp Co. 1.100 2:1% 2S«I 20
Urookiri: Un;-> Tr.. 8.K00 fl. r »ii «tlti (ItU
( Colo F ft I. ex dlv. 200 RR% S7% RSU
! *^oii«'.lidat»<1 G!?!«.. 2.200 • 215 213 214%
! <"ontln«>nJ Tub pfd un
I O»n Blvrtrlc 100 2RI 25>1 270U
: Olurr.fii. Susar .... 1.400 3SU r." .°,7iT
HocklnsCoal .... jr.'i
i lnttrnnt!nnnl Pap.. 300 ?0 W»i 10<i
1 Tntprna'irnal I» pM «oo 7r»% 7r.H 7"
! Tnt*rnatir>nni- Pcwr 100 8S% 88% R«
j I<nrlpfl<? Gn« 90
1 National Rlnrult 4*(U
i Natlnnai Lend ... 1,000 15% 35 14%
!N>tlonRl Salt . \Z.
j Natu.r.ct Salt rM ,... '.'.'.[ fs]
I N«rlh American ;.,. jit
I raeffle Mr.!! ;" ."'
I Pcipln's r, a « 3300 100V. froi/. ifin-Tt
IV<»fs?<7 St^»l Car.. 100 40% 40% 40
t T*roFR«d S Car r.M ..." ro
j 1'iillm-n Ta! Car \\\ o'j^
1 Uc-nuhllc StMl,.... 200 ir.'i ir.ii "]5«4
] TlrvmbMe Ster-1 pfd. 4»>O r.7 (-,0% IVt j
1 Supar ...227.4^0 . in«;u 102i<, jnr>%
I Tenn Coal * Iron. 2,800 <;2>i 01% 02.
j T'nion Tt fr Pap Co i.tfy
T-nf-^n n^:T> Co pfd 71
\17 S Leather 2.200 11%' 11% 11%
IV S Leather pfd 8O',i
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 25, 1901.
U S Rubber.^ 200 13V. 13^i W
}i 5 pul'ber pfd .... 4STJ
L S fcteel 20,200 42% 41% 42
I.' b-fcleel pfd S.loO *02% 01% »2Vt
u estern Union . . . • . 1,000 . 91 'MY 3 . t 0OT4
Am Locomotive.... . ;j,O(X)- :!1 - -v,a\', :-iO%
Am Loco pfd...... . C00 00 Sail SJVi
Bhares sold. ,,.C46, 500 :
NEW YORK BONDS,
U S ref 2s res.:. '108% L & N uni 4s 102^
U 8 ref 23 coup::109% Mexican Cent 4s. 83%
U S ;:s res lOSVi Mcx Cont 1st inc. 80%
Ij S 3s coup 5CS% M & St L 4s.'. ...101
U S new 4s reg.,139^ Id IC & T 4s 97
U S new 4s coup.l30V a M K & T 2nds... 81^4
U S old 4s reg....lll% N Y Central lsts.lW'4
U S old 4s cbup..ll2'!, N Y C gren 3'is..llO
U S 5s regr 107U N J Cent Ren 0s.l3n
Ij S oa coup...... 10T% (Northern I J ac 4s.. 105%
Atchlson gen 4s v . 103 <H< 'Northern Pac 3s.. 7»
Atchlson adj 4s.. !)4>4 Nor & W con 4s. 102%
Bait & Ohio 4s... 102 >/• i Heading gen 4s... 1)9%
Bait & Ohio S\!.s. 90% 1st L&l M con 5s.ll7%
Bait & O conv 48.103% St L & S F 4s... 97^
Canada So 2nds..l0i) " St L S W Ists... 86%
Central of Ga Gs.100 St L S W 2nds.. 79V]
Cent of Ga 1st lnc 75V. S A & A P 4s 83y A
Ches & Ohio iVjs.lOC,^ Southern Pac 4s.. 93
Chic & Alton 3#s 85 Southern Ry Bs..l23
C B & Q new 4s.. 08% Texas & Pac lsts.H9T4
C M&St P 4s.lll T St L & W 4s.. 81
C & N W con 7s.l40'6 Union Pacific -ts.106%
C R !•& P 4s 10G% Union Pac cnv 43.105%
CCC&St L gen 4s.lO:; Wabash Ists 11RH
Chicago Term 4s. SS Wabash 2nds....ll3Vj i
Colo So 4s 89 Wabash deb B... C5% i
•D & R G 4s 103 U T\'est Shore 4S...114V4
Erie prior Hen 4s.l00>4 W 4 L E 4s 92
Erie gen 4s 80% Wis Central 4s.. 00^4
F W & D C lsts.101^4 Con Tob 4s...... C5 |
Hocking Val 4^8.100
NEW YORK MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con ... 20 Little Chief 12
Alice 4 5 Ontario . . : 8 00
Breece 75 Oplilr <i0
Brunswick Con... 15 Phoenix 04
Comstock Tunnel.. 05 Potosi 02
Con Cal & Va 1 50 Savage 03
Deadwood Terra. . 50 ■ Sierra Nevada. ... 17
Horn Silver 1 SO : Small Hopes . . . 40
Iron Silver COiStandard 3 55
Leadville Con 05 i
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
: Money — Westinghouse cm. 81
Call loans 4>/4@5 Mining-
Time ioan3....5 @8 ' Adventure 16
Bonds — . Allouez 231
Atchison 4s 102 Amalgamated ... 67
Gas Ists 81 Baltic 33
Mexican Cent 4s. 80 Calumet & Hecla.575
N E Gas & Coke. 5S!i Centennial ll'i
Railroads — Copper Range 47
Atchison 77 Dominion Coal... 47%
! Atchison pfd 100% Franklin 11 V4
! Boston & Albany. 25& Isle Royale 19
Boston & Maine. 101 I Mohawk 27
Boston Elevated.. 167 Old Dominion.... 21
N Y N H & H. . .210V5 Osceola 75
Fitchburg pfd... 144 Parrott 2SVi
Union Pacific 100% Qulncy 125
Mexican Central. 23% Santa Fe Copper. 2^4
Miscellaneous — Tamarack 230
| American Sugar.. 105^s Trimorntaln 28 ■
| Dom Iron & S.... 24^ Trinity 13
: General Electric. 280 United States 13
• Mass Electric 32 Utah 20
! Mass Elec pfd... 90U Victoria ........; 4M,
; N E Gas & Coke. 4TS Winona lVi
United Fruit 93 Wolverine 4G^
London Market.'
KEW YORK. Dec. 24. — The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says:
The stock market had a dull opening on the
South African reverses, but at the close there
was a more cheerful spirit on reports of Brit
ish success, i There was, however, practically
no business on account 'of the Christmas feel
ing, and the American department indulged in
practical joking-. ■ .
Money rates are unchanged.
CLOSING.
LONDON, Dec. 24. — Anaconda. 5%: Atchi
son 79%: Atchison preferred. lOSti : Canadian
Pacific. 116: Denver and Rio Grande. 44%: Den
ver and Rio Grande preferred,. DfiVi; Southern
Pacific, 61%; Northern Pacific preferred, 102;
Union Pacific, 10414; Union Pacific pre
ferred. 91.
Bar silver — Steady; 25%d per ounce.
Money — 3^4 @4 per cent.
Nezv York Money Market.
\
I NEW YORK. Dec. 24.— Close: Money on
call, firm, at 2%@3 per cent; closed, asked 3
per cent.
Prime mercantile, paper— 5@5% per cent.
Sterling exchange — Steady, with actuaPbufci
ness in bankers' bills at ■ $4 8G@4 86% for
demand and $4 83%. for sixty. days.
Posted rates — $4 84^4 S4% and $4 87%.
Commercial bills— $1 82%@4 S5%.
Bar Silver — T>0»i4c.
Mexican Dollars— 43%c. •■
Bonds^-Governments. , irregular; States, Inac
tive; railroads, irregular. . ■
Nezv York Grain and Produce.
NEW YORK, Dec. 24. — To-day was a holi
day on the Produce Exchange. ■
HOPS— Quiet.
WOOL— Quiet.
COFFEE— Spot Rio, firm; No. 7 invoice,
6 15-lCc; mild, dull and unchanged. Futures
closed firm and net 15@20 points higher; total
sales were 35.750 bags, including December,
$6 05; January. $0 G5@6 70; February, $C 75;
March, $G 75@0 95; May, $7@7 10; July, $7 20.
SUGAR— Itaw, easy; fair refining, 3 3-lCc;
centrifugal, 90 test. 3 21-32c. Molasses sugar.
2 15-iec. Refined sugars unsettled.
BUTTER — Receipts,' 3787 packages; firm;
Slate, dairy 15@23c; creamery, lG@25c; June
creamery, 15«21%c; factory. 12%@15%c;
creamery, 14@lS%c.
• EGGS — Receipts, 10,400 packages; steadier;
Western, at mark. 23@28c. ,
DRIED FRUITS.
The market for evaporated apples ruled some
what firmer, with supply very moderate. State
fancy evaporated were Vi<SMc higher at 10>i@
lie; common were quoted at fi@5%c; prime,
9&9>/*c; choice, 9%'S9')4c. California dried
fruits also ruled firmer, but quiet. Prunes,
394@4c. Apricots — Royal. lO0!14c: Moorpark,
!»%©13c. Peaches — Peeled, l(j@20c; unpeeled,
7%@12ttC , . . • . .
Nezv York Metal Market.
NEW YORK. Dec 24. — The foreign copper
and tin markets were higher and the local tin
market was somewhat higher In sympathy with
the betterment abroad: .The London tin mar
ket closed with a net gain of £2 15s. with spot
at £105 5s and futures at £104. The New
York market closed with spot tin at $23 30®
23 C5, and steady to firm in tone. Copper at
London was £1 10s better, closing with spot
at £48 10 8 and futures at £49. Tie local
market,' however, was nominally unchanged nt
$i:{ for lake, though lt was reported that sales
were made at $12 for spot and ot something
less than that for forward deliveries. Elec
trolytic was quoted at $12 87% and casting
at $12 50. Lead was unchanged hero at $t,
but London was Is 3d higher at £10 3s i)d.
Spelter nominal at $4 40. London was 2s Od
lower at £1(J li»s. Iron was dull 'here, while
European markets were unchnnged. .Glasgow
closed at i'Js' Gd and Mlddlesboro closed at
43s 4%d. Pis Iron warrants", $10 50@U 50;
No. 1 northern foundry, ?15 5O@1C; No. 2
foundry, southern. $14 r.0@15 50; No. 1 foun
dry, southern, $15i?i;10: do soft. $15@17.
itow York Cotton Market.
NEW YORK. Dec. 24. — Cotton closed steady,
with prices 2®7 points lower. •
Eastern Livestock Market'.
CHICAGO,
CHICAGO. Dec. 21.— CATTLE— Receipts.
3500; active and utrongr nt Monday's prices;
pood to prime, ?6 25@7 10; poor to medium,
|3 80@<5; stockers and foeders, ?2@4 50; cows.
$1©4 75; heifers $1 50©5; canners. $1«5S2 20;
bulls. 51 75<?M 60; calves. $2 GOftO; Texas fed
Fleers, $4 .'iOt/5.
HOGS— Receipts to-day, 20,000; Thursday.
30,000; left over, 500; steady to strong for me
diums and heavy: mixed and butchers, $5 75fl>
« 25: good to choice heavy. ?0 2'>fru 50: roujrh
heavy. ?.'. 80(50; llzht, $r.#5 70; bulk of j-ali-s,
$5 7510.0 25. ■
SHEEP— Receipts, 8000; nheep and lambs,
active at 10^25c higher; good to choice weth
ers. $3 Will 25; fair to choice mixed. $2 80©
3 S3; Western phcep, fed, $."5@>i 0.">; natlvo
lambs, ?2 60^5 50. v..'< -. •..-, .j. ■■•-.■, ■*
ST. JOSEPH. .
ST. JOSEPH. Mo.. Dec. .24. — CATTLE—Re
ceipts, 800: market, steady; natives, $3®4 75;
cows ami heifers, $1@5 10; ttockers and feed
ers. $2!3'4.
HOGS — Receipt*. C000; steady; llsht and
light mixed, $5 70®0 40; p| E a. $3ffJ>4 75.
SHEEP — Receipts. 125; nlow and steady. .
Boston Wool Market.'
BOSTON. Doc. 24. — Th» wool market here
holds a strong position with a fair demand
nr.tfd and prices firm. The Bales thus far
recorded are for the smaller manufacturers,
who bay their stocks as they are needed.
Prices, while firm, do not work upwarii much.
There has been some speculative buying on
the part of dealers and cheap lines that have
been available of late have been snapped up.
Territory wools continue to head the list p!
sales. Kine mediums arc* selling on the scoured
uasis of 42®43c, with fine at 45@46c and staple
wools at 46@-4Sc.^ There has been more doing
In fleece v/ools this week and prices are firm.
OJiIo washed and Delaines have sold at 28*ic
anil are now held at 20c. . The spot market for
Australian wools is quiet. ' with prices about
the same. The market for quarter-blood Aus
tralian- wool is quoted at 38c clean, with %
bloods at 4G@18c. •
Portland's Business.
PORTLAND. Or.. Dec* 24. — Clearings, $430,
298; balances, $40,779. .....,' , r ■
Tacoma's Business.
TACOMA, Wfish., Dec. 24. — Clearings, $250,
518; balances, $62,750.
Se.ittk's ''Business.
. SEATTLE. • Wash. , - Dec ■ 24. — Clearings,
$814,312; balances, ?11C,SO3.
Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON.
PORTLAND, • Dec. 24.— WHEAT— Walla
Walla, 501,4060c; blucstem, Glc; valley, D9%
©60c.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, Dec. 24. — WHEAT — Bluestem,
G2&c; club, 61 %c. '
Foreign Markets.
LONDON, Dec. 24. — Consols. 04; Silver, 25%:
French Rentes, lOOf 25c;. wheat cargoes on
passage, nominal.' -unchanged; cargoes of No. 1
Standard California. 30a <5d; cargoes of Walla
Walla, 20s 4V£d; English country markets,
quiet.
• LIVERPOOL. Dec. 24. — French country mar
kets, auiet;- weather In England, warmer.
COTTON— Uplands, 4 21-32d.
LOCAL MARKETS.
Note. — Aa the Produce Exchange was closed
yesterday there are consequently no quotations
for grains, feedstuffs, etc.
Exchange and Bullion.
'Sterling Kxchange, 60 days... — I $4 84VI
Sterling' Exchange, Bight — 4 87%
Sterling Cables — • 4 8Sft
New York Exchange, sight... — . 07%
New York Exch'ge, telegraph — 10
Silver, per ounce — 55V4
Mexican Dollars, nominal . — 4*54
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
The market for Potatoes and Onions con
tinues a3 previously quoted. Stocks are am
ple without beins heavy, and the feeling is
steady. .' .
Bay Vegetables are pretty well cleaned out
for the season and the bulk of receipts from
now on will come frpm the southern part of
the State. ' • .
POTATOES — SOcfr$l 10 for Eurbanks from
the river: Salinas Burbanks. $1 30®l 60: Ore
gon Burbanks, $1 25@1 50; River Reds, $1 50®
1 60; Sweets. 90c@$l 10 for Merced.
ONIONS— $1 65ig>l 85 per ctl; Oregons, $1 50
@2. •■■ '
VEGETABLES — Green Peas from Los An-
geles. 10@12V.c: String Beans from Los Angeles,
12'/.@15c; Cabbage, 40@50c per ctl; Los An
geles Tomatoes, $2 25 per box and $1@1 50 per
crate; Dried Peppers, 0@17%c per lb; Dried
Okra 12%@20c per lb: Carrots, 25@35c per
sack;' Cucumbers, 25@50c; Garlic, lV4@2%c;
Green Teppers are about out: Los Angeles do,
4@0c; Egg Plant from Los Angeles, ; Sum
mer Squash from Los Angeles, ; Marrow
fat Squash. $5@8 per ton; Hubbard Squash,
?5S3; Mushrooms. 20@25c.
Poultry and Game.
Not for years have California Turkeys been
so scarce on the day preceding Christmas as
they were yesterday.' The total receipts of
the day did not exceed 15 tons, whereas in
previous ' years they have ranged from 50 to
2D0 tons. Of these meager receipts 10 tons
came in early in the morning and were at
once cleaned up. Of course the market went up
to fancy prices under this condition. There
were a good many frozen Eastern Turkeys in
second hands however, and they were drawn
upon by retailers in lieu of the home stock.
They, too, advanced, selling up to ISc as the
very top for the best. One straight car sold
at lCc down to almost anything. Live Turkeys
advanced in sympathy with the dressed stock,
and Turkey was king of Xhe. produce market.
4. car of Eastern live poultry came in. making
two thus far this week. The general 'poultry
market' was firm, as the scarcity in Turkeys
naturally created a demand for other fowl.
Game was also affected by the scarcity in
Turkeys and advanced slightly. Receipts were
100 sacks. * ■ ■
POULTRY — Dressed Turkeys. 20J?23c: Live
Turkeys 14@15c for Gobblers and 15@16c for
Hens; Geese, per pair, $1 50@l 75; Goslings,
?2^f2 25; Ducks. $4 50(g5 for old and $5 50@t!
for young; Hens, $i@5; young Roosters, $4 50
(55; old Roosters. $i@K 60; Fryers. $4@4 50;
Broilers, $3 SOiJH for large and $3@3 50 for
small: Pigeons. $1 25 per dozen for old and
$1 7JJS2 for Squabs.
GAME— Doves, per dozen. $1; Hare, $1 25;
P.abbits. $1 50 for Cottontails and $1 for Brush:
Mallard $3; Canvasback, $2@3; Sprig, $1 75
<g2- Teal, $1«U 25; Widgeon. $1@1 25; Small
Ducks, $1; Black Jack, $1; English Snipe,x$2;
Jack Snipe. $1 50; Gray Geese. $3; White Geese.
$1 50- Brant, $1 50®2 per dozen; Honkers, ?3
@4 5d.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
There Is nothing new to report In these
goods. Stocks of Butter and Eggs continue
light and the feeling in both is firm. . Cheese
rules weak with liberal supplies.
Receipts were 23,900 pounds of Butter,
pounds of Eastern Butter, 630 cases of Eggs,
cases of Eastern Eggs, 14,200 pounds of
California Cheese and pounds of Oregon
BUTTER — Creamery, 25@26c per lb for fancy
and 20@23c for seconds; dairy, 17%@22c;
Hore Butter, 14®17o per lb: Creamery Tub, 20c;
Pickled Roll, IS® 19c; Keg. 1G@1Sc per lb. . ..
CHEESE — New, 12c; old. 10 I / J @H%c; Young
America, 13c per lb; Eastern, 13@15c.
EGGS— Ranch, 34@35c for selected large.
31@33c for good to choice and 30@32c for fair;
store, 24@27%c per dozen; cold storage, 20@
25c; Eastern, 20i&2tic.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
While there are ample stocks of Oranges on
the market they are mostly green, and deeply
colored fruit is In demand in consequence.
Otherwise the fruit Is slow. There is nothing
new in Lemons and Limes, supplies of both
being ample.
The demand for Cranberries docs not seem
to be very brisk, notwithstanding tha slender
supplies, and there are still some to be had at
the quotations.
There is nothing new In Apples and Pears.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS.
APPLES— $1 60@l 75 per box for extra, 75c
6?1 25 for good to choice and 25®G0c for ordi
nary; Lady Apples, .?1®1 20.
PEARS — Winter kinds, 7f>c@$2 DO per box. v
QUINCES— 40(?io0c per box.
PERSIMMONS— 20if«50c per box. '.' ■ -.
CRANBERRIES— Eastern. $0 60@ll per bar
rel; Coos Bay, $2 DOtftlS 75 per box.
CITRUS FRUITS— Navel Oranges, 75c@$l
for standards, $101 25 for #holco and $1 uwa'2
for fancy; Seedlings, 7. r >c@$l 25; • Tangerines,
76c@|l: Japanese Mandarins, 75cfJ$l; Lemons,
50ctfi$l for common and $1 G04£2 for good to
choice, and $2 50@:» for fancy ; Grapo Fruit, $2
©:!; Mexican Limes. $li<$-t 50;' Bananas, $1 75<ft>
2 75 per bunch for New Orleans and 75c©$l 73
for Hawaiian; Pineapples, -$3@-4 per dozen.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
At last the little Prunes of 1000 hnvo passed
out of Jlrst hunda. They were buught on Mon
day by a syndicate of jiackera. There were
from 500 to BOO cars of them, and they were nil
hold by the Sun Jooe Association. This leavea
the field clear for the loot Prunes, an.J as they
arc In light pujiply and of superior «lze ami
quality a continued firm and active market Is
nxnected. These 11)00 1'runeu have be<<n a bus
heur In the market for months, anil everybody
fei'ls relieved that they oro closed, out at last.
Thu other fruits continue . llrni and In quick
demand, and both brokers and commission
hoUBCS unite In enylng thnt business In De
cember ha» been the liveliest ever known nt
this time of the year. A few changes in quo
latlons will bo scon, hut they are narrow and
insignificant. ,.
, Num and Honey are in fair .demand and
steady.
FKUITS— Apricots, 7©fc',4c for Royals and 8
@>\?,c for standard to fancy 'Moorparku; Evap
orated Apples, 7rtiS'/jc; sun-dried, 4®4Uc;
Feachcs, 5'y>7'/ a c; 1'earn, 4ffj8c: Plums, pitted,
4&5V»c; unpltted, l©l>o; Nectarines. 0@5ftc foi
led and bteZHiVjC lor white; Fles. 8(tf4o lor
black and I!',i<i3>;i%e for white. •
1 X UUNES— New crop are quoted us follow*:
CO-40'b, r)li@5?ic; -IO-Co'b, 4 ! )i@5Vic; BO-CO's,
4»4@4 i >ic; (iO-70'8, a%<wmc; lu-su's. SKQ'S^Ci
80-UO's. WimUc; 00-100'fi. 2%@2%c per lb.
IIAISINH— (Price per 20-lb box) : Clusters-
Imperial. $3; Dehesa. $2 50; fancy. $1 73;. 4
crown, $1 CO; London . Layers— Three-crown.
$1 :JP; two-crown, $1. 23. Price per lb:. Stand
ard loose Muscatels — Four-crown ri^c; three-'
crown. 'BiJc; two-crown. 4^ic; Seedless Musca
,tels. Re; Seedless Sultanas, . By.c; Thompson
Seedless. C'/jc; Bleached Sultanas— Fancy, S'^c;
choice, 7 J /dc; standard, (J^-c,; prime. 0%c; un
bleached Sultanas, r>c. Bleached Thompson's —
Extra fancy, lie; fancy. 10c; choice, 0c; stand
ard. 7%c;. prime, .G'/jc. Fancy seeded, 7c:
cholco seeded. 6% c; do in bulk, fancy 6%c:
choice, 6%c per lb. •
NUTS — Chestnuts. 10(ffillc; Walnuts. No. 1
snftshell, 0%c; No. 2, R@SMic: No. 1 hardshell,.
0c; ■ No.- 2, -, 7c; Almonds, 101^(3 1 12c t for paper-
shell, :9@10c' for softshell and 6@7clor' hard
shell; Peanuts, 5@7c for Eastern; Brazil Nuts,
12@12i/jc; Filberts. 12@12y 2 c; Pecans, ll@lac;
Cocoanuts, $3 E0@5.
HONEY — Comb. 12@12%c for bright and 10@
ll%c for light amber; water white extracted,
D>S<ic; light amber, extracted, 4@5c; dark. 4c.
BEESWAX — 27%©-9c per lb.
Provisions.
The market is quiet and -unchanged and ef
a holiday character.
CURED MEATS— Bacon, 12c per lb for
heavy, 12^c for light medium, 13%c for light,
14 '/4c for. extra light and 15c. for sugar-cured;
Eastern sugar-cured Hams. Uc; California
Hams, 12^0; Mess Beef, ?10<g!10 DO per barrel;
extra Mess $11@11 50; Family, $12@12 £iO;
prime Mess Pork. $15; extra clear, $22 00@23;
Mess, $1S M@10; Smoked Beef. 13%@14o per
pound.
LARD — Tierces, quoted at 8>.£c per lb for
compound and llV>c for pure; half barrels,
pure, ll%c; 10-lb tins, 12V4c; 5-lb tins. 12%c;
3-1 b tins, 12#c.
COTTOLENE— One half-barrel. 10%c; three
half-barrels, 10c: one tierce. 9%c; two tierces,
9?ic; flvQ tierces, 9%c per lb.
Hides, Tallozv, Wool and Hops.
As will be seen by the quotations all spring
wools have been cleaned out and stocks are
now reduced to heavy defective falls. By the
middle of January they, too,. will probably dis
appear and the market will then ba bare until
the new spring clip appears. The feeling la
naturally firm under these circumstances. .
Hops continue to pass steadily from first
hands and those In second hands- are very
firmly held at unchanged quotations.
There Is nothing new in Hides.
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about l%c under quotations. Heavy salted
Steer3. lie; medium. 10c; light, 'OMic; Cow
Hides, 9iric for heavy and 9@0%c for light;
Stags 7c; Salted Kip. 9%c; Salted Veal, 9%c;
Salted Calf. 10c; Dry Hides, 16'^c; Culls. 14c;
Dry Kip, 15c; Dry Calf, ISc;' Culls and Brands,
15c; Sheeoskins. shearlings, 15@30c each; short
Wool 40@60c each; medium. 60@S5c; Ions
Wool! S0c@$l 10 ': each; Horse Hides, salt,
$2 50®2 75 for largo and ?2Q2 25 for medium,
$1 75 for small and BOc for Colts: Horsa
Hides, dry. $1 75 for large. $1 25@1 60 for me
dium $1 25 for small and 50c for Colts. Deer-
Ekins — Summer or. red skins. 35c; fall or me
dium skins. 30c; winter or thin skins, 20c.
Goatskins — Prime Angoras, 75c; large and
smooth. BOc; medium, 35c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, 6c per lb; No. 2,
4Vj©''o: grpase, 3c.
W T OOL — Fall. San Jnaquin, (;©8c; San Joaquln
Lambs', 7%@S%c; Middle County, 8@10c per
HOPS— f)@10c for fair and 11012c per lb for
good to choice. Local dealers quote 10@15o
for shipment.
San Francisco Meat Market.
Hoga rule very firm at the further advance
noted yesterday and arrivals are light. Beef,
Mutton and Veal continue firm, but quotations
are no hisher.
Wholesale rates from slauehterers to dealers
are as follows: • •'■•
BEEF— 7#<3S}ic for Steers and C%@7c per
VEIL — Large, 7@S^c; small, 8@10c per lb.
MUTTON — Wethers. 8@S%c: Ewes, 7%©bc
per lb.
I-AMB — 0(S9V*c per lb.
PORK — Live Hoks, from 150 to 250 lbs. 6c;
under 150 lbs, 5%@59ic; sows 20 per cent off;
boara, 30 per cent oft. and stags 40 per cent
off from the above quotations; dressed Hogs,
7@8%c ••....
General Merchandise.
GRAIN BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags, 7c; lo
cal make. %c less than Calcuttas; Wool Bags,
32@35c; Fleece Twine. 7%@Se.
CANNED FRUITS — The California Fruit
Canners quote as follows, In 2%-lb tins: Ap
ples, $1 05@l 45; Apricots. ?1@1 50; Peaches,
yellow, $1 20@l 65; do. Lemon Cling, $1 30®
1 75; Bartlett Pears, $1 25@1 75: Plums, 00c@
$1 25; Nectarines, $1@1 50; Muscat Grapes,
O5(rfl5 1 $l 35; Quinces. $1 10®l 05; Strawberries,
$1 30@l 75; Blackberries, $1 30@l 60.
COAL— Wellington, $9- per ton; Southneld
Wellint'ton, $i); Seattle, $7: Bryant, $0 50; Coos
Hay, $5 50; Wallsend, $S 50; co-operative Walla
end $8 50" Cumberland, $12 in bulk and $13 25
in sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg. *lo;
Canne!, ?11 per ton; Coke, $15 per ton In bulk
and $17 in sacks; Rocky Mountain descriptions,
$8 45 per 2UU0 lbs and $8 50 per ton, according
to brand.
CORDAGE — The local cordage company
quotes as follows: Pure Manila, 16c per lb;
Sisal size, ll%c; Bale Rope, ll@ll%c; Duplex,
10&C Terms, CO days, or 1% per cent cash
discount. Lots of 10,000 lbs. lc less. ..
PACIFIC CODFISH — Bundles, per lb, 4c;
cases, Regular, 4^c; cases. Extra Large, 4%c;
cases. Eastern Style, tic; Boneless, 5%c; "Nor
way." 5%c; "Narrow Gauge," Cc; "Sliver
King." 7c; Blocks, ••Oriental," 6c; Blocks,
"Seabright," t>%c; Tablets, 7c; Middles, 6%@>
7%c; 6-lb boxes, Fancy Boneless. 9c; 2-lb
boxes. Fancy Boneless, 7%@8c; Desiccated, per
dozen, 75c; Pickled Cod, barrels, each, $7;
Pickled Cod. half-barrels, each. $4.
COFFEE — Costa Rica — 13%@14c nominal for
strictly prime fancy washed; 11%@12V2C nom
inal for prime washed; 10%@llc nominal for
good washed; 10Vi@12%c for good to prime
washed peaberry; OVa@10Uc for fair to prime
peaberry; 10@llc for good to prime; 8}2@lHic
ror fair; 7@7%c for common to ordinary.
Salvador — 12%@13c. nominal for strictly prime
washed; 10%@12c nominal for good to prime
washed; 90;iOc nominal for fair washed; 10%<5>
ll'ic nominal for good to prime washed pea
berry; 0%@10^c nominal for good to prime
semi-washed; OV4@0%c nominal for superior
unwashed; 0c for good green unwashed; 9#9%c
for good to superior unwashed peaberry; «j®7c
for common to ordinary.
Nicaragua — 12@15c nominal for prime to
fancy washed; 0%@llc nominal for fair to
strictly good washed; 8%@OV4c nominal for
good to superior unwashed; 0@0%c nominal for
good to superior unwashed p'eaberry.
Guatemala and Mexican — 12Vi@'15%c for
prime to fancy washed; ll@ll%c for strictly
good washed; 10V4@10 : >4C for good washed; 9%
O'Oc for fair washed; 8 @9c for medium; C@
7%o for Inferior to ordinary; 10%@12c for good
to prime washed peaberry; 9%@10c nominal for
good to prime unwashed peaberry; 9®9%c nom
inal for good to superior unwashed.
LEATHER — Sole, heavy, 20<g>32c; extra
heavy, 30040c per lb; medium, 27@20c; light,
24®2tic; Rough Leather. 26@28c; Harness
Leather, heavy. 35@39c for No. 1 and 30ig33c
for No. 2; medium, 30@37c; light. 29@35c;
Skirting, No. 1. 40®42c: No. 2. 3G@38c; Col
lar Leather, 15<8>16c per foot; Trace Leather.
40@44c; Kip, unfinished, 40@50c per lb; Veal,
finished, 10@17c per foot; Belt Knife Splits,
14(Ji/lCc; Rough Splits, 8@10c per lb.
TANBARK— Ground, ?2GiS28 per ton; Stick,
$10018 per cord. • »
OILS — California Castor Oil in cases. No. 1,
70c; pure. $1 20; Linseed Oil, in barrels, boiled,
07c; raw, U5c; cases, 5c more; Lucol, 66c for
boiled and 61c for raw in barrels; Lard Oil,
extra winter strained, barrels, 85c; cases, 00c;
China Nut, 55072c per gallon; pure Neatsfoot,
in barrels, 70c; cases, 76c; Sperm, pure, 60c;
.Whale Oil.- natural white, 40@45c per gallon;
Fish Oil, barrels, 37',ic; cases, 42%c; Cocoanut
Oil, barrels, ti3%c for Ceylon and 6S%c for
Australian.
COAL OIL— Water White Coal Oil, In bulk,
13%c: Pearl Oil. In cases, 20c: Astral, 20c;
Star, 20c; Extra Star. 24c: Elaine, 25c; Eocene,
22c; deodorized stove Gasoline, in bulk, 15c;- in
cases, 21'/'C; Benzine, in bulk, 14c: in cases,
20ViC; Sil-deKree Gasoline, in bulk, 20c; In
case?, 2t5'/ic.
TURPENTINE— ."S%c per gallon In cases
and K2; in drums nnrt iron barrels.
RED AND WHITE LEAD— Red Lead. 7@
7%c per lb; White Lead, ti%®7%c, according
to quantity. . . '
HALT— II. R. H., $24 75 per ton In large
sacks and $25 50 in 60s. Liverpool, $21 25S22
for the best and $17 tiO^O for lower grades.
HlgKlns', $30^32 CO per ton.
QUICKSILVER — $47®48 per flask for "local
use and $44©45 50 for export.
SUGAR— Prices are 25c lower. The Western
Sugar Reflnlne Company quotes, per lb, in
100-lb bags:
Cubes, Crushed I and Fine Crushed, 5.0Bc;
Powdered. 4.90c; Candy Granulated, 4.00c;
Dry Granulated, 4.80c; Confectioners' A, 4.80c;
•Fruit Granulated. 4.80c; Beet Granulated (100
lb baps only), 4,70c; Magnolia A, 4.10c; Extra
C, 4.30c; Golden C, 4.20c; D. 4.10c; barrels, 10c
more; haU-barrelM, 2?>c more; boxes, COo more;
r.O-lb baffs. 10c more. ?'o orders taken for less
than 75 barrels or its enulvalent. Domtnoa,
hnlf-bnvrelB, r> ">Cc; boxes. 5.5Sc per lb.
LUMBER— Retail prices ar© as follows:
Pine, ordinary Rlzes, $18010 50; extra nlzrd,
higher; Redwood. $10rf?20: Lnth, 4 feet, $3 00'<i>
4; Picket*. ?1D; Shlnsrles, $2 for No. 1 and $1 75
for No. 2: Shakes. $13 for split and $14 for
sawn; Rustic. $25<S"31.
Receipts of Produce.
FOn TUESDAY. DEC. 24. 1001.
Flour. <jr sks. .. 11,801 Mustard, sks... 670
■Wheat, ctl*.... 65,335 Straw, tone.... '. 1«
Darley, ctls r.,r.io Quicksilver, fiks 1(10
Oat*. '<:tls 2.S.!5 leather, rolls.. 125
Corn, ctl3 4fio Wool, »k» ■ r>7
Sugar, ctls 3.201 Rrnndy, gala... 10.100
'Tallow, ctls.... 220 Wine. gals. ... .100.220
Urana, fUs . J.05H Raisins, hxs.... 2,600
Potntow. b1«.. 2.2S0 Llmi\ bbls 182
Bran. nl« l.-MO Hides, No tMR
Middlings, sks. ; :. 250 Pelts, l>dls..... 1,608
Huy, tons 411)1
STOCK MARKET.
. Business was stagnant on the Bond Ex-'
change, and the only feature on the Oil Ex
change was the activity In Hanford -at ?DOigfi:S.
This stock will pay a dividend of $1 on the 1st.
Red Bank Oil ha,s levied an assessment of
2c, dellncuent January 3. ••
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
TUESDAY, Dec. 24—2:30 p. m.
. UNITED STATES BONDS. ,
Bld.Ask BId.Ask
4s quar coup.ll2T6113% 4s qr c (new)130%140
4s quar reg. .11136112% 3s quar coup.lOS^ —
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Bay CPO 6s.lO8'/i — Oceanic 5s.. — 104%
Cal-st 5s 119 — Ombus C 6s.l30 —
C C Wat 5s.lll — Pac G Im 4s. 95ft —
EdL&P6s.— — Pk&CHCs..— H2
Fer&C H 6s. 120 — Pk&O R 6s.. 121 —
Geary-st 5s.. — 100 Powl-st R 6s.ll8Tsl2"
H C&S 5%s.. — — Sac EGR 6s. 90 —
Do os — 100 SF & SJV5S. — 1-*
L Ang R 5s. — 119% Sierra Cal 6s — —
L A Lght 63.IOI& — S P of Ar 6s
Do gtd Gs.100 — (1009) 113%11* }
• Do gtd 5s.lO2%105 (1910) — —
L P & A 5s. 99 — * S P of Cal 6s .,, no1 ,
Do lem 5S.101 103 (1905)Sr A.107%108^
Mkt-st C 63.127-74 — (1005)Sr B.108^. — •
Do lem 5s. — 123% (1906) ll0«im
N R Cal 63. .112V. — ' (1912) 120 —
Do 5s 121% — S P Cal 1st
N Pac C 5s.lO7'4 — c gntd 5s.llO —
N Cal R 5s.ll2%113% S P BrCal6s.l36 —
Oak Gas 5s.. 113 115 S V Wat Cs.lll&llZ^
Oak Tran 6s.l24 125 Do 4a 1021^,77 1 .
Do 1st cos.lll -112 Do 4s 3d mlOl 10Ua
Oak W e 5S.1041A — Stktn Gas 63.102 103%
Y WATER STOCKS. .
Contra Costa 73% 76 iPort CosU..;63^a 66
Marin Co.... 58 — I Spring Val.. 86 S6H_
GAS AND ELECTRIC, •
Cent L & P. 2% 2% Pac Light.. *-|5 ~~
Eqt G L Co. 3 3% Sacramento ff^- 35 #
Mutual — 5V- SFG&E.. 41 62J4
O G L & H. 51^. 52 San Fran.... 5^ .5%
Pac Gas Imp — " 42 Stktn G & B 8 —
INSURANCE.
Firem's Fnd.245 255 ( '
. BANKS.
Anglo-Cal .. 793^ — L P & A....162%169
California ..413 421^ Mer Ex (Hq). 18% —
Cal Safe Dp.110 — S F Nationl.135 —
First Natnl..32o 350
SAVINGS BANKS.
German ..;1925 — Sav & Loan. — 90
Humboldt . . — > — Security Sav. 315 —
Mutual Sav. . 66 — Union Trst..lSOO —
S F Sav U..525 —
STREET RAILROADS.
California ..148 — IMarket 86 —
Geary — 50%)Presidlo 35% —
POWDER.
Giant 81 84 JVigorit 1% B
SUGAR.
I Hana ....... — — Kllauea .... — 12
Hawaiian ..34 — Makawell .. 24& —
Honokaa.... 10 10% Onomea .... 22 —
Hutchlnson . 14^4 15 Paauhau ... 10# 10%
n MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska Pack.167%170 Oceanic S C. — 45
Cal Fruit As. — 100 Pac A F A.. 2% —
Cal Wine As. 89 — Pac C Borx.165 —
MerExchge.110 — Par Paint... 15 —
Morninc Session.
Board— „
25 Giant Powder Con 82 00
100 Pac Aux Fire Alarm 3 00
Street — _ „
35 S F Gas and Electric Co 42 00
Afternoon Session,
v Board— „
25 Alaska Packers 1 Assn 167 50
25 S V 'Water 88 12%.
25 S V Water 86 00
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
Morning Session.
Board —
600 Bear Flag 0t
COO Cala-Standard 16
16 Hanford 02 CO
« Hanford 90 00
5 Hanford 01 00
1 Hanford, s 90 90 00
10 Hanford. b 90 93 00
10 San Joaquin Oil & Dev 6 37%
25 Thirty-Three 6 75
Street — - -
1000 Petroleum Center 03
100 Petroleum Center 02
Afternoon' Session.
Board — - . • .
500 Petroleum Center ; 03
1000 Reed Crude 85
10 San Joaquin Oil & Dev 6 25
MINING STOCKS.
The following were the sales In the San
Francisco Stock and Exchange Board yester
day : ,
Mornlns Session.
300 Caledonia ... 23 300 Mexican 42
300 C C & Va 1 CO 100 Mexican 40
9C0 Mexican 39 1000 Ophlr 67;
eOO Mexican 41
Afternoon Session.
200 Best &■ Bel 13 100 Ophlr 67
200 Chollar 05 100 Sierra Nev... 10
500 Mexican 40 200 Union Con... 13
400 Mexican 39
The followlnsr were the sales In the Pacific !
Stock Board yesterday: ■
Mornlns Session.
7C0 Best & Bel.. 12 200 Mexican 40
100 C C & Va. .1 57% 100 Ophir 66
300 Gould &.Cur. 05 200 Silver Hill... 35
200 Mexican 38
Afternoon Session.
300 Best •& Bel . . 13 200 Mexican 40
100 C C & Va..l 57% 100 Ophlr 67
400 '-Gould & Cur. 05 200 Sierra Nev... 18 I
300 Justice ...... 07 200 Silver Hill... 85
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
TUESDAY. Dec. 24 — 4 D. m.
Bld.Ask. - .. • • BId.Ask.
Alpha ....... — 02 Justice 08 07
Alta 05 00 Kentuck — 02
Andes '01 02 Lady Wash. . 01 —
Belcher 1H . 14 Mexican ..... 41 42
Best & Bel.. 12 13 Occidental ..03 05
Bullion 03 03 Ophlr 66 67
Caledonia ... 24 25 Overman 09 10
Chal Con 13 15 Potosi „ 03 04
Chollar 04 05 Savage 03 04
Confidence ... 55 68 Scorpion ...'. — 04
C C & Va 1 55 1 60 Seg Belcher.. 02 03
Con Imperial. — 02 'Sierra Nev... 19 20
Con N Y 01 — jSIlver Hill... 34 35
Crown Point. 02 03 St Louis — 04
Eureka Con.. 20 —Standard 3 40 3 60
i Exchequer ... — 02 Syndicate . . . — 06
Gould & Cur. 05 06 Union Con... 12 13
Hale & Nor.. 13 1+ Utah 05 06
Julia — 01 Yel Jacket... 09 10
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Thomas A. Driscoll, administrator, etc., by
B. P. Oliver, commissioner, to Hlbernla S. and
l! Society, lot on S line of Lombard street,
115:6 W of Flllmore. W 22 by S 120; $1000.
Maria S. Hubbard to Eliza F. H. Middle
coff (wife of W. W.), lot on N line of Broad
way street, 245 W of Stelner. W 47:6 by N
Peter Flach to Louise H. Flach (wife), lot
on E line of Devisadero street, 27:6 N of Pine.
N 27:6 by E 100; gift. . •
Thomas Ryan to Mary A. Coughlln (Ryan),
Bridget and Thomas J. Coughlin, Elizabeth I*
O'Connor (Ryan) and Theresa C. Mallon
(Ryan), lot on SW line of HInckley street and
Plnckney place, W 69 by S 59; »10.
John and Margaret "Willis to Hugo Urbaji.
lot on S line of Pacific street.- 02:6 E ot Leav
enworth. E 22:6, S 68:6. E 22:6. S 48, W 45.
N 114: $10.
Estate Gustav Walter, by Josephine Walter,
administratrix, to Andrew Downey, lot 1659,
Gift Mod 3: $55.
R H. and Maud L. Cross to Ada M. Ben
der (wife of Edw. W.), lot on NW line of
Holloway street and Jules avenue, W 25 by N
100, lot 1 block 26, Lakevlew; $10.
Emll and Flora Boukofsky to Lulgl Boltano,
lot 28 block 62, on Dartmouth street; $50.
A. S. and Emma C. Baldwin to Adelaide
Escolle, lot 2 block 7, subdivision 1 of Castro-
Street addition; $10.
William Greene to Henry Meyer, estate of
Annie E. Greene, deceased. No. 24492, deed and
assignment; $S0O.
Mary C. and Erik Boes to Brlgetta Seltz,
lots 3.71 and 372. Gift Map 3; $10.
Anna Jocst (wife of Behrend) to Mary J.
Ireland (wife of John), lot on W line of Fal
con. 25 SW of N line of lot 0 block 22. NW to
Corbett avenue. 129:6, SW 25:3, SE 128. NE
25, lot 5 block 22. Market-street Homestead
Association; $300.
Kate arid George Ryan to Brlgitta Seltx, lot
on S line of Crescent avenue, 23:4 E of Porter
street, E 23:4 by S 75, lots 76, 7S and 80, Hoi-
Uday map A; $10.
Ancient Use of Anesthetics.
A Chinese manuscript In the Paris li
brary proves that anesthetics for surgical
purposes were used In China 1700 yearj
ago. It states that when a surgeon con
ducted a Berlous operation he save a de
coction to the patient, who after a few
moments became aa insensible as If he
were dead. Then, as tho case required,
thhe surReon performed the operation—In
cision or iiinputatlon— and removed the
cause of the malady; then he brought to
gether and secured the tissues and ap
plied liniment*. "After a certain number
of days the patient recovered, without
hnving experienced the slightest pain dur
ing the operation."
EAILWAY TEAVEL.
tiORTH PACIFIC COAST RAlLROAa
Via Sauaallta F«rvy. '
Ccmmencine beptvmber 2U, luoi.
KROM 6SAN KliANClSCO TO MILL VALLEy
AND SAN UAFAEL. *****-«• r
WEEK DAYS- 0:55, SM0. »u:^O. 11:00 a. m
♦1-45 »:15. ♦ilS, 6:15. *O:15. has p. m . *
KXTIIA TKIPS— For. Mill Valley and San
Hafunl on Mondays, Wednesdays and Satur-
days at 0:30 and 11:40 p. in.
BUNUAVS-'SiW, -10:00, »ll:30 a. m.. U-13
3:10. »4:48i OiS* » # -S0 P- m.
Trains marked (•) run to San Quentln
EXTRA TRIPS on Monday*. WeUnesu.y.
and Saturdays at 0:45 and «:5ft p. m . *
* SUNDAYS-C:15 •SttO. "10:00. .11:45 a. w
•1:40 »3:15. *-* 5 - C: "° P- m. . *"•
Trains marked »•) start from £an Quentln
EXTRA TRIPS _cn Mondays. Wednesdays
»nd Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:M p. m . " a ** a
SUNDAYS— 8:05, 10:05 a. m., 12:o5 2-11
S:30 6:00. 6:45 p. m. .~ **"»
THROUGH TRAINS.
6:55 a. m. week days— Cazadero and wav
stations. ' *
1 :45 p. m. Saturdays— Duncan Mills and way
■tatlons. . •
8:00 a. m. Sundays — Duncan Mills and wav
stations. ,•„ . Z
Legal Holiday boats and trains will run on
Sunday time, __ .
BAH.WAY TRATTEL.
'souraiiSTpACiFio.
xr-« xsS»sJ5&-'— 5"
?.. J (Main Line. Foot o* Market 3>T8e>.)
MAT» - FROM D«CTMBSB 8. 180L - A«»IT»
■J:60a Benida. Sutaun, Elmlra and Sacra-
. 7i3«AM» r ti.,ex.S»uH»i..oa.V^i«o.N»P«.
C»Ust<.f»»DdHatita Kosa... ...-•• »«*»P
8:00a Daris, Woodland. Knigt»t» Landing
»:UOa Nlles. L»thro,.. Stociton^...^...." '~ s:> »
8«OO*Niles. Mendota. Hmnford. Vis»ll«.
■.■•*Sha5ffi^e^KVla"wn^a«
Bartlett Springs). WIUowi. B«d
Bluff. FortUnd. ■••••• ~ ! * 3 »
liiat S»m Jo«e, W»ermore. Stockton,
lone. 8«er»in«utow PUeMiiUe.
M«r,8»lll«. Chicn. Ue.l Ilhiff <'«'»
«iSO.« Oakdale,Ohlne«e.Sonorsk 'ruolumn* « ! *3»
• too a Hayward. Uil«l»»d W»» BUtlou... >»""*
•tooAVauejo ;;••;;•;■ la:23 *
WiOOaLoa Angeles Krpress — Martinei,
Tracy. Lathrop. Stocktou. Merced
Vresuo and 1*>» Aniceles Z S ?? A '
O.:tO* Vall«j... Martl,,«z ....I Wa, Stallon. 7.S3F
1«>OUA The O»8rlan<'. IJmited-Ogdeu. Vm-
Ter. Omaha, Chlcagu .,1 iil
flrtior aacraineuto Klf er 8te*ine« fll.OO*
»i««r Benlcin, Winters. Hacramento.
M.r™»ille, Orotille I i S ?l*^B
HSOr Hayward. NUef and Wa, BlatloM.. 7««V ■
4:H«»pMartlnei, Ha» Kam«n». Vallejo. \ W
N»pa.«!»H»t.»gu.Sa..UKo«»...... J 1 *'*
4i«Of Nlles. LlTennore. Stockton. Lodl... «»•;*»»
■* i»«.r Hayward, Nlle».8an Ji.«». Uwrmora \»tti&A.
4:3l>pTlie Owl Umlte<l — Fresno. Tulwra.
Bakersflehl. Sangws for S»nt* Bar-
bara, Los Auiteles ■''?*
BtOO? Port Ooita. Tracy. Lathrop. Stockton 1 0:234
Ojoor Mar«D»t, Antioch, Stockton. Mer-
ced. Fresno !•£••••; ?'s5
•■oop H»f ward, Nile* aud Ban Jose .Y'2"2 4
tSrliar Vntlojo ■- ■!»»»*
dioap Oriental Mail— Ogden. Denrer.
Omaha, St. Louis, Chicago.. ...... «»2»4
7iO»r Oregon «ud CalUiirnl* Kxi>re««,H«o.
rnmeiito. lUaryatlll*. lU-Wlnt.
rorllmitl. Tiiget Hound anil Ka»l 1:33a
•iw»p9an Pablo. r»*' Conta, Mirtlae*
ami Way MUtlous 1 1'??*
t»lOni»VallpJ< 7i»*?
COAST LINE (Narrow tian^e).
'(Foot of Mi'rkct Street.)
"' a«Il»* Newark.CetitMr«llle.Saii.lc»«.fc>lt<>ii. ~
BouMerC*eel«.Sa»t»Cri«and\Vay
Htatloi.. .......... S»3O»
fSil.ir Newark, Canterfllle; Ban Jose, Haw
Almitdeu. ITbIIvii. Koulder <-•";«.
1 Santa Cruz aud l'rlaclpal Way .
Stations • IOj«»A
4tl.tp Newark. Hau Jo»e. T.on Gatos t»:5OA
oO.aop Hunter*' Train— San Jose and Way
Htations X7.9OW
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
from SAJ fRAHCISCO— ftot of Market Suwt (SUp 8>—
U:ia 0:00 ll:00A.U. 1:03 3:J3 i.lZ'M.
FromOilUltS— N.l .' Br««iw.j.— 1«:00 fl.OO tS.-OS
10:004m. 12:03 2.C3 4:S3r.M. _^
COAST LIXE (Kroul «aiige).
. (Third and ToHrusamtSta.)
' «t I «A8an Jc«e and Way .Stations. «7T»X
7:0O\ Hun Jumaml Way SUtioiis tSs«>«P
/■?.«m.a Net> All. ».l.-n / *Z\Q9 M
SiOOa Coast Line Limited — Ban Jose. - *
Giiroy. Sallaaa, San Lui» Obispo, I
Pant» Barbara, Lo» Angeles and
principal intermediate station*.... I0:-ia»
■■OOa San Juki. Tres I'inos. H.mta Una,
P.ictlic lir..v«. HAlinas. San Lois
Obispo anil Principal intensedUte
.SUti.inn *«1»»
IOiSOa San Jcie and W*y Stations. «::««*
lli3»A Han Joitand WnyHUtinus 0:10a
fSi-ISr San Matt-o, Redwood. Mcnlo Park.
1'alo Alto. Hanta Clara. San. lose,
Tres Finos, Hants Orax, Salinas.
Momercy »«l r»clllo Cirovo flOi4.1a
Si3o r Han .lose an<l Way StaMona. l'»«f
Hil»r SanJnaeand Prlneinnl Way Stations 9:20r
■1:50 r Sunset limited— Mondays, Wednes-
days, Friday, for Lo» A ngslei), £1
Faso. New Orleans and New York.
Arrives Sundays. Tuesdays and
Thursdays lOtlSa
tSiOOrSan Joae, Los Gatos and Principal
Way Stations t»:0©4
- Si30p San Jose an.l PrinclpalWay SUtlous 6:.1«>r
ftraitrSan Joa^and W*y Stations Ti'.lOf
7t00? New Orleans Kxpre»s — Han Luis
Obispo. Santa Barbara. Los An-
Ceiea, Dminij. El Paso. New Or-
leans and East 7:34**
■ ll;4.1p 3an -loan an.j Way Stations 7;.tOT
A for Morning. I" for A I ternouu.
t Htinilar txcniiJed. J f«nnj*y«ojy.
a SaturUay onlr. J Tueeday* al?! Fridays,
_I I ?V^»-^.~t.
Santa Fe
Trains— Daily.
L«av« Market-strtet Ferry Depot
Local Llm'd Ovrl'd Local '
Dally Dally Daily Daily
Lt. San Fran 7:20 a 0:00 a 8:00 p 4:20 9
Ar. Stockton. 10:18 a 11:45 a 11:10 p 7:13 9
" Merced... 12:25 p 1:17 p 1:30a 8:11 9
" Fresno... 2:05 p 2:35 p S:15al0:50p
" Hanford. 3:12 p 3:27 p 8:05 a
" Vlsalia.. 3:S9p 6:00a
" Bakersfld 6:15 p 6:20 p 7:45 a
" Kan.City 2:4Oa 7:30a
" Chicago 2:15p 9:00p
a for morning, p tor afternoon.
9:00 a. m. train is the California Lim-
ited, carrying Palace Sleeping Can and
Dlnlne Cars through to Chicago. Chair Car
runs to Bakersfield for accommodation of
local first-class passengers. No second-
class tickets ar* honored on this train.
Corresponding train arrives at 7:03 a. m.
daily.
4:20 p. m. Is Stockton. Merced and Fresno
local. Corresponding train arrives at 12:30
p. m. dally.
8:00 p. m. Is the Overland Express, with
through Palace and Tourist Sleepers and
Free Reclining Chair Cars to Chicago- also
Palaca Sleeper, which cuts out at Fresno.
Corresponding train arrives at 6:00 p. m.
daily.
7:20 a. m. is Bakerafleld local, stopping
at all points In San Joaquln. Valley. Cor-
responding train arrives at 8:40 a. m. daily
Offices — 641 Market street and in Ferry
Depot. San Francisco; 1112 Broadway
Oakland. > ""!,*. 1
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
LESSEES
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlburon Ferry, Foot of Market St.
San Francisco to San Rafael.
WEKK DAYS— 7:30. 8:00. 11:00 a, m.; 12:35.
3:30. 6:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays — Extra
trip at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays — Extra trips at
1:60 and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:00. 0:3o. ll;00 a, m.: 1:30. 3:30l
»:0O, 6:20 p. m.
San Ra!as! to San Francisco.
WEEK DAYS — 8:10. 7:60. 0:20, 11:10 a. m.S
12:45, 3:40, 6:13 p. m. Saturdays— Eatr*
trips at 1:55 and 0:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 6:10. »:40, li:lo a. m.; 1:40. 3:40,
6:05. 6:25 p. m.
Leave I In Effect I Arrlv«
San Francisco. |Apr. 28. 190l) San Francisco.
Week I Sun- I | sun- I Wee 1 *
Days. I days. | Destination | days. | Days.
7:30am 8:00am Novato, 10:40aml 8:40am
»:30pm »:30am Petaluma, 6:05pm 10 :23an»
6:10pm 6:00pm Santa llosa. 7 :35pm[ 8:20pm
Fulton. ~~~
7:30am Windsor. 10:25as»
5:00pmf Healdsburg. 10:40am
Lytton.
Geyservllle,
8:30pm 8:00am Cloverdale. 7:33pm 6:20pm
7:30am 5:00pm Hopland. 10:40am 10'23am
3::;0pm 8:00am and Uktah. 7:33pm 6:20pra
7:30am 10:40am 10:25aa
8:00am GuernevlUe. 7:35pm
8:30pm 5:00pm 6:20pn»
7:30am 8:00am Sonoma 0:15am 8: 4~u.ua
. and
B :10pm 0:00pm Glen Ellen. 6:05pm 6:20pas
I l-™ am \ I'-W*™] ' |10:40am|10:23am
I 8:a0pm| B:00pm| Scbastopol. | 7:S5pm| 6:20pra
I Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Marie West
Fprlnss and White Sulphur tipi'lncs; at Fulton>
lor AltrurU; at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at
[ Ueycervllle for Skaggs Wprtnits; at CloverrlaU
j for tha Geysers; at Hopland for Duncaa
Springs Highland Springs. KelseyviUe Carls-
bad Springs Soua, Bay, Lakeport and bartlett
Bprings; at Uklah for Vichy Springs. Saratos*
Spr ng». Bins Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake. Witter
Bprlntfs. Upper Lake. . Porno, Potter Valley
John Day's,, Riverside, Ltortey's, Iturknell's!
Banhedrln Heights. Hullvtlie. Orr's Hoe
Springs .Mendoclno City. F<5rt Tragic. W.st-
Vort. JJsal. Wllllts. Laytonvllle. Cummins.
Hells Springs. Harris. Olsca's, Dyer. Scotll
and Eureka.
Eaturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates.
On Sundays round-trip tickets to nil points
beyond San Rafat-1 at half rates
bulldog °'' flC "* W0 Market ««■«««. Chronic!*
H. C.'WHITINO. 'n. X. RTAN.
Manager. Gen. Tnss. Agt.
nOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
L»;ivc Via Sausalito Ferry Arrive "
Snn Ji!i t !i_ Foot of Market St. San Fran.
& «•«»*-. I--.HV , Slin - \Y~SSiT
lur &l: -TT "•-»-*• ?2? j-*» I-
I i : i:>p.|*-"' ««">«•-/• g£ I'f *-
Tm, Saarrwirtw.l.SBmmUtndlUtani 11 M.
TU»rtO«ce^ iU Him? ST&E£T U.S SAfSAUIO SZZa.T.
SDr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
IV-,. 'or tho treatmont of iTtvnts
I I^,t Mantii.1^1. f Del lilt v or
' oil le-\ f«?i^r 1 h «L noctorcor»9 wheo
gothers fall. Try him. Charfm low.
*»r. J. f. VI8Ro>, am FraucJaco. Cat iNEWS OF THE BAY CITIES
OAKLAND ALAMEDA COUNTY BERKELEY
NEWS OF THE BAY CITIES
NEW STEAMSHIP RAMONA IS LAUNCHED
SUCCESSFULLY AT DICKIE'S SHIPYARD
Little Helen Goodall Breaks a Bottle of Champagne on
the Bow of the Craft and Bestows Name Upon Her
as Vessel Slides to Element Which Is to Be Her Home
OAKLAND. Dec. 24.— With a grace
ful Flide. the momentum of •which
carried her nearly across the es
tuary. the Pacific Coast Steam
ship Company's new Eteamship
Ramona moved from the construc
tion ways at the John Dickie shipyards
at Alameda Point this morning at 30
o'clock and settled upon the element that
is to be her future 'home. Not a hitch or
delay of any nature marred the details
of the launching.
As the Ramona struck the water she
■was greeted with a welcoming din of
whistles.
Liittle Miss Helen Goodall. daughter of
Captain and Mrs. Charles Minor Goodall,
christened the stanch steamer. "When the
craft bepan to slip from, the cradle of
her birth tiny Miss Helen, who was sta
tioned on a superstructure near the bow
of the boat, flung a ribbon-bedecked bot
tle of California champagne against the
side of the steamship and said, ."I name
thee Ramona."
After the Ramona slowed down near
the Oakland shore she was picked up by
thc tug Liberty and towed back to
Dickie's yards, where she will remain for
a. month or more to have finishing
touches put on.
Among those who witnessed the launch
ing: were:
Captain and llrs. C M. Goodall, Miss Good
all, Mr. and Mrs. John Dickie. Miss Annie
Dickie, Rev. Frank S. Brush, Mr. and Mrs.
O. E. fiwain, MIfs Muriel Swain, Henry
Tabrett and Jchn LMckie Jr.
Captain C. M. Goodall was present to
n-present the Pacific Coast Steamship
Company.
The keel of the Ramona was laid last
June. She is 205 feet long, 31 feet S inches
beam and 16 feet deep. Her registered
tonnage is 7jO tons. She is expected to
average more than twelve knots an hour.
The Romona is to be placed on the south-
CONGREGATIONS
WILL CELEBRATE
Episcopalians and Catho
lics to Fitly Observe
Christmas.
Oakland Offlce San Francisco Call. |
HIS Broadway. Dec. 24. {
Special Christmas services will be cele
brated to-morrow in all the Episcopal and
Catholic churches. In nearly every case
The regular choirs will be augmented and ,
seasonable music will be the feature of
every service.
Services at the Church of the Advent ]
will be held to-morrow at 10:30 a. m. with
a full vested choir. The rector, the Rev. :
William Carson Shaw, will preach the
sermon.
The Christmas day services at St. John s
Church will commence at 7 a. m., when
h service will be celebrated. There will
be service* at S a. m. and again at 11.
and at all three cervices there will be
■pedal music.
Holy commnuion will be celebrated at
Kt Paul's Episcopal Church at 8 o'clock,
and at 10:30 special Christmas services
■will be held, the Rev. Robert Ritchie, the
rector" preaching the sermon.
There will he special services at Trinity
Bolmcopai Church, with a sermon by the
sector the Rev. John Bakewell.
Havdn's "Third Mass" and Mozart's
"Gloria," "Adesle Fidelis" and "Noel"
vil! be sung at St. Francis de Sales'
t"hurch The choir will include Miss
Frank Mrf. W. E. Dargle. Miss Grace
Carroll. Miss Phdan and Messrs, Davis
In honor of the season Mrs. J. A. Folger
to-day handed Mayor Barstow three
checks one for $100 for the Associated
Charities- $23 for Mrs. Robert Watt's
kindergartens, and $2j for Mrs. II. Wads
worth's kindergarten. '
CHKISTHAS SERVICES
UT ALAMEDA CHURCHES
Special Programmes of Prayer and
Song' to be Given in Sacred
Edifices.
ALAMEDA. Dec. 24.— Although. most of
the local churches held Christmas ser
vice* Sunday last several will_observe
the day of the Savior's birth by having
ppecial services to-morrow.
Six masses will be celebrated Jn St.
ern route of the Pacific Coast Steamship
Company, and will carry freight and pas
sengers.
With the launching of the Ramona
John Dickie increases the record of ves
sels constructed by him on the Pacific
Coast to fifty-eight. The largest boat he
ever built was the steamship Mexico,
which was lost in the North Pacific two
years ago.
The Ramona was built by Dickie for the
Risdon Iron Works, the contractors.
The machinery of the vessel, including
electric lighting plant, will be of the most
modern type, and the steamship will
make when completed about 13 knots per
hour. The engines and boilers are now in
course of construction at the ship-build
ing yards of the Risdon Iron Works and
Joseph's Church. They will commence
at 5. 6, 7. 8. 9 and 10:3«> o'clock. The last
will be a solemn high mass, at which the
music will be rendered by the regular
choir. At the 5 and 7 o'clock masses the
singing will be by the children's choir.
Christ Episcopal Church will hold a
communion service at 8 o'clock. Morning
prayer and another, communion service
will be celebrated at 1U:3O. The full vested
choir will sing »t this service. There will
be additional Christmas services held in
Christ Church next Sunday. In the even
ing of that day the annual Christmas
exercises of the children will occur.
Beginning at 10:30 o'clock to-morrow
special religious exercises and music ap
propriate to the day . will be the pro
gramme in the First Methodist Episcopal
Church. Rev. Edward P. Dennett, the
pastqr, will preach on "The Hush and
Heart of Christmas."
Rev. William Brandes. pastor of the
German Lutheran Christ Church, an
nounces special holiday services in his
church to-morrow evening, beginning at
7:20 o'clock.
Christmas Services at Berkeley.
BERKELEY. Dec. 24.— Christmas will
be celebrated to-morrow by services at
St. Mark's Episcopal Church on Bancroft
way and at St. Joseph's Catholic Church
on Addison street. Both . edifices have
been beautifully decorated for the occa
sion.
At St. Joseph's Church masses will be
celebrated at the following morning
hours: High mac?, 5:00; low mass, 5:30,
6:00, 6:30, 7:15, 8:00 anil 8:30; children's
mass, 9:15; solemn high mass. 10:45. At
the closing mass the Rev. Father
Cantwell will be celebrant, the Rev.
Father Doran deacon and the Rev. Father
Rlordan eub-deacon. The choir composed
of and conducted by the sisters will render
special music as follows:
Kyrie, from Millard's Mass in B fiat;
Gloria, Credo, Sanctus and Agnus Dei
from Emmerson's Mass; elevation, Adams
from Emmereon's Mass; elevation,
Adam's "Noel;" offertory, "Adeate"; O
Salutaris, Thomas: "Tantum Ergo," John
son. /
Holy commnuion will be celebrated at
St. Mark's Church at 6 a. m., 8 a. m.
and 11 a, m. At the last full musical, ser
vice with vested choir under the direc
tion of Dr. P. R. Harrison will be held.
Death, of Berkeley Woman.
BERKELEY. Dec. 24.— Mrs. Margaret
GaJIagher, wife of F. E. Gallagher, su
perintendent of the Vigorit Powder
Works, died this morning at her home,
2026 Francisco street. She had been ill but
a week and death was due to a hemorr
hage of the brain. Mrs. Gallagher leaves
eight children, Alice and Mary Gallagher
and Sister Ireive. who is in the convent
of the Sisters of the Holy Family in San
Francisco; Frank, John. James, William
and Thomas Gallagher. s
Funeral services will be held Thursday
morning at 10 o'clock from St. Joseph's
Church. The Interment will be in St.
Mary's Cemetery.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 25, 1901.
PACIFIC COAST STEAMSHIP
COMPANY'S NEW VESSEL,
LAUNCHED YESTERDAY.
will be installed in the vessel withirt the
next few months.
CHRISTMAS JOY
FOR POOR FOLK
Eiks Provide Bountiful
Dinners For Needy
Families.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Droadway, Dec: 24.
Without ostentation or display -Oakland
Lodge No. 171, Benevolent aiid Protective
Order of Elks, to-day provided Christmas
dinners "for 1000 people in Oakland who
otherwise would be compelled to put up
with the meager fare that poverty in
sures.
None except'the few members of the
Jodge who were detailed for this pleasant
duty know who are the recipients of this
quiet charity— none save the 275 families
that received the unsolicited bounty of
the lodge.
To every one of these families there
was sent to-day a basket containing a
big prime roast of beef, with tea or coffee,
sugar, vegetables galore, nuts, fruit and
all of the condiments .that go to make a
real, substantial Christmas dinner.
All day long teams laden with the
Christmas cheer were sent d"ut from the
Elks" lodge hall.
A private committee arranged for this
distribution. Not a person outside of
thia committee had knowledge of what
was being done.
Where the names came from or where
tho bountiful supplies went will ever re
main a secret with those who were
charged by the ■ Elks' lodge with the
cheerful holiday message of joy.
Besides this, the Elks remembered two
of Oakland's prominent philanthropies.
They sent to the West Oakland Home, for
Children a bounteous supply of turkeys,
and they repeated their donation to the
King's Daughters' Home for Incurables.
Licensed to Marry.
OAKLAND, Dec. 24.— Licenses to marry
were issued to-day to Eugene N. Tallleur,
aged 3G, Dayton, New, and Lulu I. Clark,
21, Oakland; Ira Tracy, 33. Oakland, and
Jennie Johnston. 32, Tracoy; Jacob Bloom,
32, and Kate Baldwin. 27, both of Oak
land; Henry W. Metzger, 31, and Elsie S.
Dorsch, 24, both of Oakland; Fred A.
Irvin. 25. and Mattie J. Ludwlg, 22, both
of Oakland; Jonathan E. Smith, over 21,
San Francisco, and Ida Dean, over 18,
Pecoto; William J. Brltt, 32, Alameda,
and Emily Pfeiffer, 34, Oakland.
HEART DISEASE
KILLS ACTRESS
Maude Miller, Daughter
of the Poet, Dies
in Oakland.
Failure of Theatrical Tour
Said to Have Hastened
Her Demise.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1113 Broadway, Dec. Zi.
Mrs. Maude McCormick, whom the pa
trons of the theaters knew as Miss Maude
Miller, tho actress, died this morning at
the Garfleld residence, 1805 Thirteenth
street, where she had been undergoing
treatment for heart trouble since her re
turn from a tour of the State a short
time ago. She was a daughter of Joaquln
Miller, ihe "poet of the Sierras."
Mrs. McCormick' s death was the result
of heart complications. The disease was
aggravated by hard work, for she worked
earnestly to succeed in her profession, of
which she was very fond. The tour that
last occupied her attention turned out to
be a failure, and the disappointment from
which she suffered is believed to have
hastened her death.
The actress' life was not altogether a
happy one. Just after attaining her ma
jority she married a man named McCor
mick. in opposition to the wishes of her
father, from whom she was estranged for
a lonjj time. She was forced afterward
to leave her husband because of his treat
ment of her. and since then became recon
ciled with her father. One child is the re
sult of that unhappy un on— a boy 10 years
old, who stays v.un his grandparent.
Many California audiences have been
charmed with the acting of the woman
who bore the name of Maude Miller. She
has toured the State a number of time?
with theatrical companies, and was once
the leading Jadv of a stock company that
played at the Macdonough Theater. She
was also a member of Landers Stevens'
Dewey Theater Company.
Cape Blanco, Or., was the. birthplace of
the actress, where she lived until she
blossomed into womanhood. .She :was 30
years of age.
Arrangements have been made by Joa
quln Miller to have his daughter burled
on "The Heights." the home of the post
in the Oakland hills, that overlooks tho
bay. . '
FIX.E SECOND CONTEST
OF ELEANOR MORE'S WILL
Nephew Institutes Suit on Sams
Grounds as Those of Recently-
Defeated Relatives.
OAKLAND. Dec. 24.— Thomas R. More,
a nephew of the late Miss Eleanor II.
More, filed the second contest of her
will to-day. The contest is instituted on
the same grounds as that of Mrs. Kliza
A Miller, Mrs. C. A. Baldwin and Martha
A Duval, who were recently non-suited
by Judge Melvin. John F. More and P.
\\\ Watson, the chief beneficiaries under
Miss More's will, are charged with having
conspired to noison the mind of the de
ceased so that she became embittered
against her sisters and niece and cut them
off with nominal bequests.
When the matter of the probating of
the contest came up this morning in Judge
Melvin's . court the attorneys for the
nephew objected to the proceedings on the
giound that they were about to enter an
other contest. The attorneys for heirs
argued the point and to settle the matter
the court continued the case until Feb
ruary 1 to give him time to look up the
authorities..
REDFIELD IGNORES HIS
WIFE'S DIVORCE SUIT
Couples Are Legally Parted and Oth
ers Seek to Be Sep
arated.
OAKLAND, Dec. 24.— H. A. Redfield.
church choir singer, against whom a suit
for divorce was recently filed by Jessie
M. Redfield, has ignored the action alto
gether, and to-day a default was taken
and entered on the books against him for
falling to appear. The caae will now be
heard by the Court Commissioner, who
will take Mrs. Redfield's testimony as to.
the neglect of her husband. She wants
the custody of the only child.
Caroline Neumann was granted a di
vorce from Joseph Neumann to-day by
Judge Ellsworth on the ground of ex
treme cruelty. The defendant was award
ed the custody of the three minor chil
dren.
Elizabeth M. Royer of Alameda was
granted a divorce from Charles E. Royer
on the ground of willful desertion. She
was awarded the cutsody of the minor
children.
John T. Bryan asks for a divorce from
Emma M. Bryan on the ground of, cruelty.
The couple formerly lived in Berkeley.
Asks Damages for Personal Injuries.
OAKLAND, Dec. 24.— Mrs. Mary Kelly
of Franklin street began suit to-day
against Marguerite and Emile Desmou
lins for 35OUO damages for personal injur
ies. She alleges that the defendants ran
her down in a buggy at Ninth and Broad
way and hurt her so batlly that she is a
cripple.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Alameda County.
Susie K. Smyth (single) to Joseph 'A. Fur
tado. lot bf sinning at a point S.i5i chains SE
of common corner of plats 5:$, 55 to 57, same
being Nff corner Wilder ami Iy«well streets,
thence 8W -t.tiO chains by NW 2.24 chains por
tion plat 55, Ranclios .V. and D. Peralta, Berke
ley; grant.
Mary K. Jones to Mrp. Marlon Ober, lot 11
and 5 feet of E bide of lot 10, running: full
length of lots 30 and 1J. block F, Claremont
Avenue Tract. Oakland $2500.
H. C. and Mary B. Morris (wife) to Anna .1.
AValker. lot on B line of Telegraph avenue, «0
S of Shasta streot, S 40 by E 110, block A,
map Vicente Peralta Reservation Tract, Oak
land; $1000.
William A. ami Anna .T. Walker (wife) to
Mabel Pomeroy (single), same, Oakland; flO.
Home Investment Company (a corporation)
to Charles It. Thrane, lot on E line of Tremont
h-treet. 180 S of Wools*:,-. S 40 by E 100, lot '2i
map Berkeley Park. Oakland; $10,
John Mulligan to C. S. Healey, lot on K line
of Kennedy street, 33.03 N of Shasta avenue,
N 50 by B 125, lots 25 and 26. block A, map
Camden Twenty-third Avenue Tract East Oak
land: $10.
AOrien and Mary Merle (wife) to Pauline
Merle, lot on E line of Chester street, 401:1*;
from NK corner of Middle and Chester streeti-,
N 5 by K 125. lot 21, RUbdivislon of property
of John Zietrenbein and portion tract S73
WhHcher's Map; also lot in pint 3C5. 11G:6 K
of AV line of Bald plat, E 50 by S 100, lot 15,
game, Oakland; Rift.
James and Annah Davis (wife) to John V
Fronmueller (half), Gust Carlson and ClirU
McNamara (one-quarter each), lot on SB cor
ner of San Pablo avenue and Thirty-sixth
Ftre.et (widened to 46 feet), S- along E line of
San Pablo avenue 09.08 to line between lota
a and 4, . R 99.2. N 84.88. AV 151.77, Jot 4 and
portion lot 5, Map. Mitchell Tract. Oakland"
$10. .
Same to City of Oakland, lot on E lino of
San Pablo avenue, 10.91 S nf NW corner of.
lot 5, Mitchell Tract, thence NW S.2f>, SE 150
SW 7.50 to S line of Thirty-sixth street, an
opened to 46 feet, thence NW along: same 1M.77
for uses and purposes of a public street Oak
land; $10.
W. F. and Effle U Kroll to K. "W. Tutt re
record 803 1). 110, lot on E line of Union street
334:8% N of "West Eighth, N 30 by E 133-.V
Oakland; $10.
R. XV. and Lottie V. Tutt (wife) to Karl fj
Nickel, eame port^H block 548. Oakland; $t0.
Sarah Elizabeth Armes (widow) to Erik O
Wndblom, lot on NW corner of Warring street
and Dwlght way, N 1H0. W 218. S to N line
of Dwight way. E l«2:fi to beginning, being
lot- 11, block B, map subdivision ■ block li,
Berkeley property, etc., Berkeley; $0000.
M. t». and !.». J. Williams (wife) to Mary
Judge, lots '5, C, 20 nnd 2i. Map Mountain
View Tract, portion Door Tract, subject to
mortgages for $1600, Berkeley; $10. ■
E. Rufus Hill, Laura Copeland and Saldee
Brower to Joseph Perec, all Interest' in lot 43,
block H, Thermal Hill Tract, being Interest
derived under will of Amanda J. Hill now
under administration, Oakland; $10. etc.
LESTER REIFF QUIETLY MARRIES
ONE OF OAKLAND'S PRETTY GIRLS
Noted Jockey Is Wedded to Miss Frances
E. Roweli, Only, Daughter of Dr. and Mrs.
H. E. Roweli, at Home of Bride's Parents
WELL KNOWN JOCKEY WHO liAS WON FAME AND WEALTH AT
HOME AND ABROAD, AND THE . CHARMING GIRL WHOM' HE
CLAIMED AS HIS BRIDE LAST NIGHT.
OAKLAND, Dec. 24.— Lester Reiff,
the famous jockey, won in the
greatest event, of his life to
night and came under the matri
monial wire with one of the pret
tiest girls in Oakland, Miss Frances E.
Roweli. the only child of Dr. and Mrs. H.
E. Roweli of thi3 city. The wedding was
a very quiet home affair and was conduct
ed with the utmost simplicity. The Rev.
II. J. Vosburgh, pastor of the First Bap
tist Church, officiated, and the ceremony
was witnessed by a few relatives only,
among them being the parents of the
groom, Mr. and Mrs. J. W. Reiff of San
jose. John Reiff. a brother of the groom,
who has also won fame on the turf, and
his sister. Miss Mamie Reiff, were the
only attendants.
The. bride wore a gown of mauve silk
elaborately embroidered in silk of the
■\r. 7 01£AN'S INJURIES BASIS
FOR A BIG DAMAGE SUIT
The Camerons Want the Oakland
Transit Company to Pay
Them S2O,OOO.
OAKLAND, Dec. 24.— The injuries al
leged to have been caused through the
careless handling of a street car are the
basis for a suit for $20,000 damages begun
to-day by H.. M. Cameron and his wife,
Abbie H. Cameron, against the Oakland
Transit Company. The plaintiffs allege
that on January S last they wero driving
across the Eighth street brige in a buggy,
when their, horse took fright at a car
that was rapidly approaching and backed
across the tracks in front of it. A collis
ion followed and Mr. and Mrs. Cameron
were thrown out upon the bridge. Mrs.
Cameron sustained a broken knee cap
and collar bone and was otherwise- severe
ly bruised. The collision is blamed on the
motorman for running his car too fast.
"Judge" Better Than Plain "Mister."
Judge Gates of Kansas City tells this
story: "My family being absent from the
city I was taking my meals, at a restau
rant where negro boys are employed /as
waiters. . * In one corner of the room is a
dumb waiter, where orders are called out
to the cook in the kitchen above. The
tirst morning my order Included, among
other things, two eggs, fried medium! The
waiter, following his custom, went to the
open shaft and then called out my order,
ending with 'for Mistah Gates.' He them
turned to attend to some other duty, but
had not t^ktn more than three steps when
a peculiar look spread over his face. The
next moment he had fairly jumped to the
opening and cried out: 'Say, thar. Wil
liam! I.ookee • heah! That order ain't
foah Mistah Gates! Tt are foah Jedgu
Gates! An', pay, thar! Make them aigs
fresh aigs!' After which he drew , a
breath of satisfaction second only to my
own. So, you see. it really. pays some
times to bo a Judge." ,
Atmospheric sharps say that even at the
equator the average temperature of the
sea at the' depth of a mile la but four
degroea above freezing 'point.'
same shade, with an open pattern, which
revealed the turquoise-blue silk lining.
The only ornament worn was a. magnifi
cent sunburst of diamonds, a gift from
the groom.
The bride's trousseau is an elaborate
one, many rich and dainty articles hav
ing come direct from Paris.
A solid silver set of 30o pieces carved in.
the famous chrysanthemum pattern, from
a friend in England, was a noticeable gift
among the many sent to the fair young
bride and her spouse.
The young people are undecided as to
their future plans?. Mr. Reiff desiring to
enjoy a period of rest. They will spend
Christmas with Dr. and Mrs. Roweli.
The Reiff boys, John and Lester, re
turned from England about .ten days ago
after a very successful yea*, their earn
ings amounting to $30,000 eactt. John Reiff
will probably return to England in the
spring, but Lester wilt not ride again for
a while.
RUSSIA TIGHTENING HER .
GRIP UPON MANCHURIA
Czar's Troops Guard All City Gates
and Numerous Colonies Are
Being Founded.
TACOMA, Dec. 21.— The steamship
Braemer brings, news from Yokohama
that Russia has begun to enforce
stringent police regulations through
out the portion of Manchuria that
has been penetrated by the East
Asian Railroad. All gates of de
partmental and district cities aro now
held by Russian troops. Along the route
of me railway, at every distance of five
li. is planted a small Russian village or
colony. Every ten 11 a large Russian vil
lage has been founded, thus holding the
most populous and fruitful regions of the
province in a grip of iron.
Agents for the Russian Government are
traveling over all parts of the three prov
inces "comprising Manchuria, taking a
census of tho population and the number
of cattle and horses possessed by the in
habitants. These agents also visit all
the yamens. large and small. They are
accompanied by interpreters and writers,
who inquire and set down in writing the
local laws and institutions of each city
or town. The inhabitants are being cru
elly treated, with the apparent* object of
drlvinar them out of the country to make
way for Russian colonists.
Official Changes of Names,
The attempt of the Navy Department to
change the name of the League Island
Navy Yard to that of the Philadelphia
Navy Yard was a signal failure, and the
Secretary was obliged to recall the order
authorizing it. Now the department has
attacked the title of the establishment at
the far northwestern corner of the coun
try and has decreed that what has hith
erto been known as the* "Naval Station,
Puget Sound." shall hereafter be desig
nated, the "Navy Yard, Pugret Sound."
There will probably be no protest against
this change, but there does not appear to
be any good reason for not styling It the
Bremerton Navy Yard. The country
would soon discover the location of Bre
merton, even If it is now generally ig
norant of it.— Philadelphia Telegraph.
FIRE WIPES OUT
FRAME BUILDINGS
Big Section of Oakland
Is Threatened With
Destruction.
Lack of Water Gives Flames
Good Start, but Material
, Soon Burns Out.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
111S Broadway, Dec. 24.
A fire which started in David Barry's
paint shop, 310 San Pablo avenue, thl3
afternoon, destroyed about half a block
of two-story frame buildings owned by
George W. McNear Jr.. and fronting: on
San Pablo avenue and Seventeenth street.
The fire burned fiercely while It lastea
and attracted thousands of Christmas
sheppers. There was no wind, however,
and the material of the structures, al
though highly combustible, was compara
tively unsubstantial and the fire rapidly
burned itself out.
By the time the fire department arrived
the flames had full possession from tha
alley, which separates the paint shop
from the Juanita Hotel, to Seventeent'a
street.
The entire row of buildings facing on
San Pablo avenue was one sheet of. flams
and the interior was transformed into a
roaring furnace. Clouds of heavy black
smoke poured from doors and windows,
and for a while there was foundation for
a fear that a large section of the city was
doomed.
The first streams turned on the flames
were weak, the force not being sufficient
to send the water roof high. In the
course of half an hour or so the pressure*
was increased, and before the fire had
been entirely extinguished the water sup
ply was everything that could be desired.
For awhile the Juanita Hotel, a huge,
barn-like frame structure, was in consid
erable, danger. There was an alley about
fifty feet wide between the hotel and tha
fire, and such wind as there was carried
the flames in the opposite direction.
Barry's paint shop was destroyed, the
flames burning a number of valuable*
buggies.
The headquarters of the Oakland Cream
Depot were gutted and the bicycle stoclc
of Bert Lund almost destroyed.
The second story of the building was
occupied as a lodging-house by a Mrs.
Chittenden. Most of her furniture was
destroyed. What was saved from tha
flames was either spoiled by water op
broken In the process of rescue.
About the only part of the structure!
not utterly destroyed was the section oc
cupied by J. P. Betancue and family.
They managed to save their trunks and,
most of their personal belongings.
It is said that there was no Insurance
on- the property, Mr. McNear preferring
to carry the risk himself.
SUBURBAN COMPANY GETS
MONOPOLY OF I^GHTINC*
San Leandro Trustees Give Franchise
to the Newcomers, "Who Buy
Old Plant. - .
OAKLAND. Dec. 24.— In pursuance of
Its policy to either control by purchase or
competition the electric lighting of tho
towns in Alameda County, the Suburban
Electric Company closed a deal to-day by
which it absorbs the San Leandro Gas
Company, -which has had a. monopoly of
the lighting at San Leandro. Last night
the Town Trustees of San Leandro grant
ed a franchise to the Suburban Company
to wire the town. The company will pay
$100 only for this privilege. The franchise
gives the newcomers a practical monopoly
of the lighting utility.
BROTHER THRASHES HAN
WHO REVILED SISTER
Antone Marshall Takes Pleasure in
Paying a Ten-Dollar Fine
for Battery.
HAYWARDS, Dec. 24.— Antone Marshall
©f this city has just had the pleasure of
paying a 510 flne in the Justice's Court
for administering? a thrashing to Antone
Natias, who is accused of making asser
tions against Marshall's sister. The
brother sought Natias as soon as he
heard of the stories and invited him to
retract or fight. As Natias would do
neither he was set upon and badly beaten.
By way of retaliation then the defeated
one had his assailant arrested on a
charge of battery.
Colored People Will Celebrate.
OAKLAND, Dec. 24.— On New Year's
night there will be a celebration at the
Fifteenth-street Afro-American Methodi3t
Church of the thirty-ninth anniversary
of the proclamation of emancipation by
President Abraham Lincoln. The exer
cises are in charge of a committee of the
Afro-American League, composed of A. J.
Wilds. A. F. Hall. H. S. Jacobs, Walter
Gruden. J. B. Wilson and F. W. Moore.
There will be a banquet after the literary
exercises.
Aloha Club Incorporates.
OAKLAND. Dec. 24.— The Aloha Club
filed articles of incorporation to-day. The
objects of the organization are stated to
be the promotion of athletic sports.
Eleven members are named as directors,
as follows: John F. Mullins. AV. A. Alex
ander. Joseph F. Dultna, John "W. New
ell, William J. Spleth. Conrad Thaler,
Gustav Thaler, Matthew McKlernan, Os
car F. George, John D. Galloway and An
ton J. Coelto.
Obstinate Servant Goes to Jail.
OAKLAND, Dec. 24.— Because D. Mejaa
kl, a Japanese servant, refused to be dis
charged and wanted to fight, J. K. Car
penter, his employer, residing- at Twen
tieth and Harrison streets, caused the
Oriental's arrest to-day. There will be a
trial after the holidays In the Police
Court."
Attractions at tlie Theaters.
OAKLAND, Dec. 24.— "The Kins of the-
Opium Ring" will be the Christmas at
traction at Oakland's principal theater,
the Dewey. The play has proved a bi£:
success during its brief run.
Jefferson de Angelia in "A Royal
Rogue" will be the attraction at the Mac
donough.
Gamblers Forfeit Their Bail.
OAKLAND. Dec. 24.— Frank Peters,
Frank McCord and "William Warner, the
three associates of "Patsy" Carroll, to
day forfeited $150 ball apiece by not ap
pearing in the Police Court to stand trial
on the charge of gambling 1 . Carroll, who
claims to have been only a spectator at
the fleecing of Lee Stevens, will stand
trial. t
Food succeeds
where others fail, be-
cause .it provides the
infant with nutriment
in the proper form.
Bend for a free sample tf Me/IiVj
Food and our book of bright, happy
«« Mel/ia'j Food Babies.**
Mellln's Food Co., Boston, Mas*
910
SAJf FRAJf CISCO CALL.
BTJSECESS OFFICE of The San Francisco
ran. corner of Market and Third streets: open
until 12 o'clock every night In the Feax.
BRANCH OFFICES— 627 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 p. m.
"00 Hayes street; open until 9:30 p. m.
"39 McAllister street; op ri until 9:80 p. m.
"15 Lsrkln street: open until 9:30 p. m.
5941 Mission street; cpen until 10 p. m.
22fil Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 p. m. v
1 0fi Eleventh street; open until 9 p.m.
10S6 Valencia street: open until 9 p. m.
Northwest corner Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky Ftreets: open until 9 p. m.
2200 Flllmore *tre<>t : open until 9 p. m.
MEETING NOTICES.
YEP3A Buena Lodge No. 15. I. O. <ig£J>JK$>.
<~>. F. — Initiation THURSDAY §vjSSj
EVENING. Dec. 26, 1901, Visit- :?^S?2£5 ?
Ing brothers and members are w/nw
cordially invited. T. C. MARTIN. N. O.
J. J. PeHAVEN. Rec. Sec.
THE California Debris Commission, having: re-
ceived applications to mine by the hydraulic
process from Jerry Buckley and A. H. Soper,
In the Gray Lizard mine. In Butte County,
near Rackerby. to deposit tailings In Swedes
Flat Creek: from Joseph D. Countryman, In
the Tannery mine, at Oregon Hill. Yuba
Cour.ty. to deposit tailings In Oregon Creek;
»tnd from Manuel Fernandes, In the Inde-
pendence mine, at New York Flat. Yuba
County, to deposit tailings behind the dam
of the Nevada Mining Company, gives notice
that a meeting; will be held at room 59,
Flood building. Ban Francisco, CaL, on Jan-
uary 6, 1902. at 1:30 v. m.
THE annual meeting of the stockholders of The
Nevada National Bank of Ban Francisco,
ra!.. Trill be held at ltn banking-house. S01
Montgomery ft.. San Francisco. Cal.. on
TUESDAY/. January 14, 1902. at 3:15 o'clock
p. m., for the election of directors to serve
for the ensulnp year and the transaction of
mfli ether business us may come before the
n«>»ti:iir. GEORGE GRANT. Secretary.
Fa'i Frarf-I.-n. Dw»mbfr 13. iflOl.
ASPHALTl'M HOOKING.
CITY^i^HALTUM*c6Ta^arketBt— Roofs,
sidewalks, flonrs: cheap rates. Tel. Red 2322.
ASTROLOGY.
HOROSCOPE written out. prospects, qualiflca-
tion. undertakings, difficulties avoided, your
lucky days, successful ventures, gems and
colors, by mail if desired. RAYMOND, 903
?.T-jrk»-t st.. parlor 4.
ATTORNEYS AT LAtV.
ADVICE free ; divorces a specialty; quick, quiet;
no charge without success; established 16 yrs.
Open evenings by appointment ;phoneJohn31Sl.
O. W. HOWE, S50 Market »t.. cor. Stockton
ADVICE free; divorces private: bankruptcy ;ool-
lectlons: attachments: mortgage* :bllls of Bale:
partners-hips: deeds ;wllls drawn;fees low; open
eve's. THURSTON, lOOS^ Mkt.. r. 4, opp.Sth.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. 927 Market st.. opp. Mason.
L. S. CLARK. Emma Spreckels bldg.. 92T Mar-
kft ■*.; consultation free: no feea In advance.
BICYCLES — For Sale or Eschange.
NEW bicycles for children, men and women;
!«rre!?t assortment on the Pacific Coast.
BAKER & HAMILTON. Pine and Market eta.
ALLEN can fill your every want In the bicycle
line; Columbia, Hartford, Vedette. Eureka
ar.d seconfl-hand bicycles. 301 Larkin st.
HOOKS SEW A3TD OLD.
FOR astrological, occult, metaphysical books
go to 1423 Market Et.. S. F.
BUSINESS CHAACES.
f275 — BARBER shop, 4 chairs, old stand, near
Market, on 6th et. ; $£80, lodging-- house, a bar-
gain. IC rooms; cigar stand. (500, $600; drug
store. $2000. DECKER. 021 Martafet St.
BARBER shop on a gnoi busy street; 4 chairs;
old stand; $275. DECKER. 921 Market st.
J225 — PARTXER war.ted where profits are $78
per week: no exper'nee. See Decker, 921 Mkt.
$4000— 60-R'X)tI lodging-house: all newly fiir-
nished; situ.ated on 'every busy corner; 10 bay
■windows; reason, owner is sick; we have also
50 others; see us before you buy. MIT-F-* 5 &
CO.. U27 Market St.. room 208.
SIOCO— GROCERY; and bar In Mission: good
bus.; estab. 20 yrs. Miles & Co.. 927 Mkt.
J600 — SALOON, with 3 rms. and cellar; money-
_maier. MILES & CO.. 927 Market St.. r. 208. .
HEALY & HENDERSON, phone James 2771.
6 Eddy st.. rooms 18 and 19.
Kott-Is, restaurants, lodging-houses, grocery
ftorcs, cigar stores, ranches, oil lands, leases.
Money to loan on any of the above.
FOR SALE — At a great bargain, a restaurant
&nd oyster house In good location; must be
sold by 24th. McBRIDE & CO.. 765 Mar-
ket Ft., room 2.
TVANTED — Man with $50 to Join me in pro-
moting business enterprise. Call this after-
r.oon Rt 149 Fourth st., room 5.
A — FOR cigar stands that actuallv make money
*«*? C. L. HEDGES. 461-462 Parrott bldg.
SPLENDID chance to cut cltrar store In sa-
loon entrance. Eox 3116, Call.
TOR SALE — Saloon 5xtures. Apply at sa-
loon. ul4 Front Et.
$200— RESTAURANT: 714 Kearny St.; onT
third its value; must be Bold to-day.
ROI7TE for sale — A route on this paper. Ap-
ply to W. L. GARNER. 124 Myrtle Bt..
Santa Cruz. Cal.
FOR sale— A good planing mill In a lumber
yard: located in a growing town. Address
P. O. box 459. Heaiesburg. Cal
$150— BLACKSMITH shop for sale. 205 Eighth
street. .
FOR sale — Call newspaper route; 500 names;
easy terms to buyer. Inquire tel. Kate 2047.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce, COO Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at lC&o
Vnlencic. st.
LODGING-HOCSES FOR SALE.
18-ROOM HOUSE, KENT ONLY $50
Price Only ?<55O — Payments
Apply to H. C. DECKER, 102<J Market St.
S6 ROOMS; 2 entrances; clears $200 $2200
10 rooms; downtown; clears ?80 700
24 rooms; near Powell and Geary. 2100
18 rooms; sunny corner 1000 '
22 rooms; transient: clears $150 1250
23 rooms; clears $100 350
100 rooms: clears $400 6000
<50 rooms; clears *350 3600
30 rooms; en Eddy "st 750 ,
..MONEY TO LOAN AT LOWEST RATE., i
H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market; phone Mint 796.
A. CAMERON & CO..
SM Market Et. and 8 Stockton st.
Rooms 21, 8 and 23. Phone Bush 328.
Pee our list cf bargains.
C2 r. : low rent; best house In city; never
changed hands; income $000: investigate.
53 r. ; total expenses $175; apartments. . .$3250
Xfl r. ; rent $140; first-class room, house.. 3250
?.'■', t. ; rent $IT>0; part offices: good house. 1S00
57 r. ; rent $45; cor.; oak fur.; clears $100 SoO
11 r. ; Jor.es residence; nice home COO
7 r. ; tent $45; modern flat; reduced . 375
18 r. ; nice res.; frood loc; fur., car., red. 1350
WINSTON & WOLF. .
1026 Market st 1026 Market st.
< Photograph Callery Entrance.)
18 rooms; rent $00: r-art cash I.... $1250
18 rooms; Geary et. : ex. for clear pr*pty
S2 rooms; rent $32: X. of Market: only.. 650
27 rooms; best comer In city: rent $100. 2500
46 rooms; cor.; rent $115; Investigate.. . . 2850
A— Near the Call EuildhiK.
Telephone Black l-S-0-3.
MARION GRIFFIN, 719 Market St.. vms. 1-2.
Money to loan on lodg-
houses or on real estate.
Big free list of lodging-houses at my offlce.
All for sale on my installment plan.
A NOTICE— Before buying a house call on
A. H. RETSLOFF.
• Tel. .John 531.) 906 Market st.. cor. Ellis.
Largest list Lowest price Best terms. ;
A— NOTICE — TVe have rooming-houses, all
size? and prlcps. In all parts of the city: get
"ur lift, first. MITCHELL & CO.. 1206 Markt.
McBRIDE & CO.. 765 Market et. — We have 65
lodging-houses on list, many cheap and good. ;
Before buying Investigate our list.
A WEEK'S news for S cents— The Weekly Call.
16 pages. Ic wraTioer for mailing: J1 per year.
CARPET BEATING AND CLEANING.,
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPATTLDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
Ing Works. 353-557 Tehama st. ; tel. South 40.
MODERN CO.; steam cleaning. 3c: laying,
cleaning en floar. Phone Mint 301: 923 Mission.
AMERICAN Carpet-beating Works — Cleaning,
Sc renovated, reiaid. 104 14th st. ;tel.Capp 2542.
ADVANCE Carpet-cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.:
tel. Main :»4. GEO. WALCOM & CO.. Prop.
RUDOLPH & CO.. carpet-beating works: prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison St.; tel. Mission 2C3.
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-cleaning Works.
Z'-'M Golden Gate ave.; telephone m East 126.
CITY S».<»am Carpet-beating Works. O. H.
STEVEN'S. Mgr.. 38-40 8th Et. ; tel. South 250.
J. E. MITCHELL. Carpet-cleaning and Reno- .
vatlng Co.. 240 14th St.: tel. Mission 74. ,
CHIHOFOUISTS.
INGROWING toenails, bunions and corns cured
(painless) ; no knife. Dr. Brown, graduate chl-
ropodist. Indorsed byraed. prom.. 304 Stockton.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
COL^aBIAN^Law^ind Collection Agency^ 6tn
floor, 910 Market Bt. , advice free. Tel. Bush
Hi; able body of attorneys. 1
SPIRITUALISM. ? ! '-'\S',
A — C. V. MILLER, world's ramour materializ-
ing medium; spirits speak face to face; seance
Tuea.. Fri., Sun., 8 p. m.; 80c. 1084 Bush st.
BROCKWAY, 1052 Ellis, bet Franklin and
Gough; phone Larkin 1086 — Seances Sun.,
Tues., Thurs., S:1S p.m. ; 25c; readings, 10 to S.
MRS. J. J. "WHITNEY, trance, bus. medium;
life reader; medical, clairvoyant; sittings, $1;
letter. $2. 1164 O'Farrell rt.; Ellla car.
A— PROF. GEE, 108 Sixth st; satisfactory
readings, 50c, $1; circle every night 10c.
C V. MILLER'S materializing seance to-day,
1 o'clock: 50c. 1084 Bush Ft.
K. Heussmann permanently located 1774 15th,
nr. Guerrero; dr. Sun. eve., 25c; sit. dally.
PROF. PRICE. M. O., lecturer and life-reader;
palmistry, astrology; new system. 137 Hyde.
MRS. HANDLET, trance and bus. medium;
readings dally; affairs of life. 2703B Mission.
MME. TKYES, all receive tests; Sun., Tues.,
Thura.. 8 p. m., 10c; prlv. read. 903 Market.
FRIENDSHIP Hall. 335 McAllister— Mrs. C. J.
Meyer: sittings dally: test to all to-night. 10c.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
olra^DbLlirRI.'.V.T.^^^V.ToNB'DoiUABi
CLAIRVOYANT— PALMIST.
SIR HENRY PRICHAKD.
Direct from Hotel Cecil, London.
Have a psychic or palmistry reading and
know thy future and prospects for 1902.
$1.00! $L001 $1.00! $1.00!
His Regular $5.00 Reading Reduced to
ONE DOLLAR ONE DOLLAR
FOR SEVEN DAYS ONLY. <
Advice on business, speculation, all love and
domestic troubles, settles lovers' Quarrels, re-
unites the separated, tells whom you will mar-
ry, how to WIN the man or woman you love,
how to overcome all enemies; gives full secret
how to control or influence any one you love
or meet: no charge unless you find him superior
to all others. Hours. 10 to 7 dally; 10 to 5
Sundays.
Reception rooms, 13, 14, first floor.
1104— MARKET STREET— 1104.
Corner Turk, nearly opposite Zinkand's.
MRS. DH. F. CLARKE, the well-known trance
medium. i« sermanently located at 1200 Mar-
ket Et.. cor. Golden Gate ave.. rooms 25 and
26; take elevator. Perfect satisfaction guar-
anteed by mall; seed stamp for pamphlet
with special terms. Dailv and Sunday.
A— LINCOLN. CLAIRVOYANT]
HIGH PSYCHIST.
Tbe most wonderful clairvoyant on the coast;
he succeeds when others fall: permanently
located at 125 Turk st: readings by mall.
THIS NOTICE AND 10 CENTS.
Just .what you want to know; choice of three
expert palmists and clairvoyants; no matter
who you have been to, we convince all. 607
Kearny St., parlors 1, 2, 3.
MME. ARNDT, the great clairvoyant, tells past
future; never falls; has the greatest Egyptian
secret: shows picture future husband or wife;
fee 25c and up; satisfaction to everybody;
open Sundays; hours, 10 to 8 p. m. 215^4 6th.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader, horn with double veil — second sight;
diagnoses diseases with life reading -.ladles 50c,
g»ntg$l; palm, and clalr. sit. $1 50. 126 Turk
ISMAR. the Egyptian Glosy, clairvoyant and
palmist permanently located 1148 Market, op-
posite Sixth: private readings dally. 10 a. m.
to 5 p.m. Sundays from 10 to 12 a. m.
A— MISS M. WILLE. 326A Ellis; clairvoyant,
crystal seer; reads your life correctly without
ques.; full names. 50c-$l; 10 a. m. to 8 p. m.
BROOKS. 1206 Market — Suite 34 and 35: won-
derful clairvoyant and trance medium: read-
ings $1 & $2: readings by mall; satisfac. guar.
CLAIRVOYANT card reader from Louisiana;
only 10c; from 1 to 8. 262 Minna st, near 4th.
50c and $1 — PROF. WELLE R, clairvoyant; sci-
entific palmist: card reader. 1007% Market.
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant, card reader; la-
dles 25c; gents 50c; readings dally. 132 Sixth.
MRS. MALLORY, 917 Howard, clairvoyant and
spirit card reader: consult me; L. 25c; G. 50c.
MRS. M. DAIN, clairvoyant and card reader;
ladles. 50c; gents. $1. 672 Mission st.
MRS. MARY ANNIE JOHNSON, business me-
dium, price $1. 515M4 Leavenworth St., S: F.
MRS. B. Baumann, well-known fortune teller,
has removed from 222 Eddy to 407 O'Farrell.
tlME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
advi™*: naince rlvfn: 25c tip. S Fourth ft.
DENTISTS.
A^DR-T'srillGGINS, 027 Market st, Emma
Spreckels bldg. — Painless dentistry at reason-
able prices; pure koM fillings. $1 50; other fill-
ings. $t; gold and porcelain crov.'ns, $5 up;
plates, a full set of teeth that look natural
and guaranteed. $5 up.
Painless extraction.
I do first-class work only and guarantee It.
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, bridges
and fillings: extractions or fillings by my
wonderful secret, painless method; 20. years'
experience; no students: ad\'ice free; prices
.cheapest and guaranteed: lady attendants.
DR. GECfRGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell st
ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC, 809 Market, cor.
4th, rm. 7. Flood bldg.. extractions done paln-
Iesslr: teeth without plates cur specialty; gold
crowns. $3 50 up; plates, extractions free, $4 50
up; offlce hours. 9a. m. to 9 p.m.; Sundays,
9 to 2. J. W. THATCHER. D.D.S., Manager.
A NEW plate — The Whalebone — cannot break:
warranted 20 years; crowns," $3 50; fillings COc:
plates $5. full sat: all work painless and war-
ranted. Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth st.
FIRST-CLASS dentistry; lst-class prices; lst-
class results. W. C. HARDING. M.D.. dentist
room 24, 1 i McAllister st. ; painless extraction.
AT Ideal Dental Co., 6 Eddy st. — Work done
on weekly installments; lowest rates.
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny, cor. Bush —
Full set of teeth. $4: crowns, $3; fillings, 50e.
LOWEST prices In S. F. : painless extraction,
60c. N. Y. Dentists, 069 Mission. SE. cor. 6th.
SET of teeth without plate. DR. H. G.
YOUNG. 1841 Polk st .
CR.R.L.WALSH.815% Geary. nr.Larkln— Paln-
legs ext^ 50c; plates $5 up; phone Polk 1135.
DR. H. G. TRUMAN, dentist, third floor, Ex-
amlner building; formerly In Murphy bldg.
DOG SPECIALIST.
DR. EDWARD N. LEAVY, canine specialist,
late of New York City, has Just located at
006 Jones Et. where he will administer to the
ailments of domesticated animals; office hours
10 to 3; telephone Kate 20S5.
! DOG HOSPITALS.
DR. CREELY'S C. P. dog soap by druggists
* or at the Hospital. 510 Golden Gate ave.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School —
Class rates; patterns cut. 1019 Market st
FRENCH accordion and knife pleating. WM.
I PILGER, 121 Post over O'Connor & Moffatt.
. EDUCATIONAL.
i SECOND term night school for men. Young
i Men's Christian Association, Mason and
; Kllis sts. ; 15-week courses, beginning Janu-
; ary t>; bookkeeping course" $5, electrical
! course $D, English course $:J, stenographer's
! course $4; cia6ses in algebra, Anglo- Amerl-
I can history, architectural drawing, arithme-
: tic, assaying, bookkeeping, civil government.
, civil service, commercial geography, com-
mercial law. electricity, elocution, English,
'. tree-hand drawing, geometry, German, me-
chanical drawing, vocal music, naval archl-
■ tecture, penmanship, political science, social
economics, steam engineering, stenography
and typewriting. Apply at office for hours
and tuition prices. A. A. MACLJRDA, Edu-
catlonal Director; H. J. McCOY. Gen. Sec.
HEALD'S SCHOOL OF ELECTRICAL ENGI-
NEER1NG — Theory, demonstration, construc-
tion; laboratory and shop work; thoroughly
practical; day and night. 24 Post st, S. F.;
catalogue free.
AYRES' Leading Business College 723 Market
i — $S per month; $50 life scholarship guaran-
; tees a complete bus. education; shorthand,
; typing, bookkeeping, arithmetic, penmanship,
spelling, Spanish, etc.; experienced teachers;
! new typewriters; positions secured; cat, free.
HEALD'S SCHOOL OF MINES, 24 POST ST.,
8. F.— Thorough courses; complete equipment;
all subjects pertaining to mining and mining
engineering; day and night; catalogue free.
1 A — THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school for the university, law and medical
colleges; references. President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. I Phelan building.
A — The official reporters of Supreme Court ad-
vise their friends to attend the GALLAGHER-
MARSH COLLEGE. Is this advice worth fol-
lowing? Life scholarship $50; catalogue.
PERFECTION guaranteed to beginners, college
graduates & bookkeepers in accounts; figures.
TARR. expert accountant, 220 Parrott bldg.
CALIFORNIA Business Colloge: most thorough
modern methods; positions for all graduates;
new 60-page catalogue free. 305 Larkin st.
MERRILL-MILLER College— Shorthand, typ-
ing, practical bookkeeping. Rooms 40-45. Par-
rott bldg. : individual instruction; catalogue.
ENGINEERING — Civil, elec. mining, mech. sur-
vey, assay, cyanide; day. eve.; est. 1864. Van
der Nalllen School, 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
A FULL course of Ellis bookkeeping and the
Gregg shorthand costs only $C0. San Fran-
Cisco Business College. 1236 Market st.
ACTING — Hallett School; Mr. Harry Gates,
eminent actor, engaged for winter term open-
Ing January. Alcazar Theater building,*
C. Hoffman, European tenor & voice builder;
Ital. meth.; concert & oratorio. 1017 Sutter.
VIOLIN, mandolin, guitar. Prof. MERKI, good
teacher, 1008 Mission; Instruments -selected.
VAUDEVILLE School of Acting— Pupils pre«
pared for the etage. 125 Mason it
- ..--. . . . ...
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 25, 1901.
EDtCATIOXAL— Continued.
LEO Cooper's School of AcUng, 814 Geary st.;
day ana even, classes; send for new circular.
Chicago Business College. 1435 Market, nr. 10th.
Pitman shorthand, typing, bookkeep.; $6 mo.
ILLUSTRATION— PARTINGTON'S DAY and
ILLUSTRATION— night class. 424 Pine st
HEALD'S Business College. 24 Post st.. S. F.J
founded 1863; new 80-page catalogue free.
ARITHMETIC bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc.: day or eve.: »5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
A^JAPANESE reliable house-cleaning, cooks
& waiters furnished at short notice. GEO.KI-
NOSHITA. 1233 Page.cor.Lyonitel.Fell 8501.
JAPANESE and Chinese help of all kinds;
cooks, waiters and house servants. GEO.
AOKI & CO., 421 Post st.: tel. Bush 135.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
fice; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 5188.
JAPANESE Intelligence Offlce— Furnish most
reliable help. 624 Bush st. ; tel. Bush B16.
ORPHKTJM Employment Office — Japanese. Chl-
nese help. 426 Powell.nr. Sutter ;tel. Black 8072.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — FEMALE.
CAPABLE lady wishes situation as house-
keeper In rooming-house or hotel; city or
country. MRS. M., box 3008, Call office.
SITUATION wanted by a working housekeeper
In hotel or private home, city or country,
after Jan. 1st Address box 2901, Call.
BY a well educated lady, a position as reader
and amanuensis to an Invalid a few hours
dally or trl-weekly. Box 2185. Call office.
WINCHESTER House 44 Third st, near Mar-
ket— 200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 per night; $1 50
to $6 week; convenient and respectable; free
bus and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce. 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
Bubecrlptlons has been established at 109(5
Valencia Bt.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED MALE.
WANTED — By man and wife, place In camp; '■
man to Cook and wife to assist; last place
cooked for 40 men; good bread baker; refer- ;
ences: like to see boss here. Address F. L., i
237 Minna st.
WANTED by well educated, energetic and re-
. liable young man of 28. salaried position,
$75; six years' experience In offlce work;
thorough accountant. Box 3119, Call office.
YOUNG man of 22 wishes position In butcher
shop; understands meat cutting. Box 3007,
Call office.
YOUNG man with some experience in laun-
dry, not afraid cf work, wants position.
Box 3120. Call office^ .
NAVY graduate wishes to run stationary en-
gine or at his trade on shoe machine. Ad-
dt-ess E., 1841 Mission st.
ELDERLY man wants , situation as collector,
watchman or any place not too heavy work.
Box 2374, Call, Oakland. . _
A TRAVELING salesman with 10 years' ex-
perience in California and well acquainted
with the trade desires one or two good lines
on commission; best reference. Box 3151,
Call office.
A YOUNG Danish man wishes position of any
kind In city; sober and reliable; handy with
tools. Box 3150. Call.
SITUATION wanted by young man of educa-
tion and ability: experienced booklteeper;
references. Box 3112. Call. . -
MAN familiar with the city will drive and care
for one or two horses. .Box 2541, Call offlce.
PAINTING, paper-hanging, kalsomining want-
ed; have my own tools; for landlord and pri-
vate parties; reasonable: drop postal; will
call with samples. Box 2164, Call offlce. .
BUTLER-VALET leaving California for the
East wants to make journey as attendant to
family or Invalid; city ref. Box 2179, Call.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce. 2200 Flllmore st
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1036
Valencia st.
FINANCIAL.
COMPANIES promoted, guaranteed and
financed, stock taken in payment for serv-
ices- good propositions wanted; gold bonds
furnished. PACIFIC STATES MINING
AND INVESTMENT CO., 320 Post St.
PACIFIC Coast Underwriting Co. (Inc.)— We
have 42 offices in operation; new method of
placing stock3 and bonds; companies incor-
porated: stocks and bonds underwritten. Call
or address main office. 507-S-9 Parrott b!dg.
PACIFIC Home Building Co. — New series of
Bhares now open; pays interest and dividends;
a reliable paying Investment. 39 Nevada Blk. j
WANTED — $7CC0 to build up manufactures of
unlimited market; thorough, good business
proposition: investigate. Box 3149. Call.
OXiC~is<&—Fl*t~1^^ sale;
new; never been used; frescoed ceilings;
marble vestibule; all modern improvements;
looking out on park; rent $37 50; can be seen j
between 11 and 3 o'clock.
NEW upper flat, 6 rooms and finished attic;
sun in every room all day; fine location, view j
and grounds. NW. cor. Portola and Waller ;
sts., between Pierce and Steiner.
POLK, 630, betTurk and Edd-— Modern middle
flat. 0 rooms; rent $37 50; no children.
FLATS TO LET — FURNISHED.
FURNISHED flat of 5 rooms, bath and laun-
dry; rent low. Apply afternoons from 2 until ;
5 o'clock. 79 South Park. j
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
4 ROOMS furnished in oak, $48 50. with No. 7
range. King Furniture Co., 1127-1131 Market.
FURNITURE AV ANTED.
WILSON buys all kinds of household goods.
1710 Market st ; tel. South 413.
A. WOLLPERT. 773 Mission St., pays highest
price for second-hand furniture; tel. Red 1354.
TEL. Jessie 761 before 6elllng furniture, car-
pets, pianos, etc. CHAS. LEVY. 1135 Market.
GLOVES.
CHRISTMAS present — Danicheff glove order;
factory price guar. ; kept In repair. 12J Grant
HELP WANTED — FEMALE.
WANTED — Woman of fair education, good
business ability; position permanent. Box
3000, Call offlce.
WANTED— 2 lady pianists for lessons, physi-
cal culture. Hoover Hall, 1327 Market st. ;
call Monday.
AMATEUR singers wanted. Apply at Chutes
at 0 o'clock this evening.
OPERATORS at Levl btrauss & Co.'s Overall
Factory, 32% Fremont st. ; no rjeperience
r.ecessary; good pay, steady, work. Apply to
MR. DAVIS.
WANTED — Working girls; the S. F. HAIR-
DRESSING COLLEGE tea-ches you in 3
weeks halrdressing, manicuring, massage;
■ entire courbe $5; eve. classes; positions guar-
anteed; more calls for help than we can fill.
College, 233 Geary st, rooms 13-15.
WANTED— Experienced operators on women's
waists and' wrappers; steady work; electric
power; good pay. MARKS BROS., 1212 Mar-
ket st.
DIGNIFIED business woman for permanent
position in a city of this State. Box 3090.
Call.
GIRL to take care of baby and assist; $12;
good home. 819 Post st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce.2200 Fillmore st.-,
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been . established at 109U
Valencia st. •
HELP WANTED MALE.
4 SCANDINAVIAN, German or American sin-
gle-hand miners, $2 day and board, see boss
here Thursday morning; dairyman and wife,
$45. see boss here Thursday morning, call
early. J. P. CROSETT & CO.. 628 Sacra-
mento st.
WANTED — Ship Draftsman-ln-charge. A com-
petitive examination will be held at the Navy
Yard, Mare Island, Cal., January 2, 1902, for
ship draftsman-ln-charge at $7 04 per dlem."
For application and further information ap-
ply to Commandant, Navy Yard, Mare Island,
Cal. .
ELDERLY man to take care of horse and do
chores around hotel; $15 month and found.
3*1 Twenty-second et, Potrero.
WANTED — First-class half-tone and line
etcher; state experience. Address Photo En-
graver. box 3005, Call office. . . . .
TAILOR wanted; experienced helper on flne
coats. 410 Kearny st, room 29.
WANTED — Young man about 20. experienced
In offlce work. Call 643 Market St.. 3d floor.
DISHWASHER wanted. Park Hotel, 26 Turk.
BARBER wanted; good mechanic; steady
place; bring tools. 2003 Flllmore st. •
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 663 Mission st., bet. 1st and 2d sts..
McDONALD & PERRY have 500 pairs second^
hand shoes for sale; 60c up. 241 Third st.
GOOD MORNING.
MURRAY & READY.. -....634-636 Clay Bt.
..Leading Employment and Labor Agents..
WISHES -
Everybody a Merry Christmas
s Office closed . all day to-day
"Wanted 7 a. m. Thursday
10 2 and 4 horse teamsters on new job, near
city $2 day
6 teamsters, south $34 and found
Carpenter, city Job, $3 day; blacksmith for
ranch, see boss here; gardener, $30 and
found; 2 machinists; 3 block makers: 15
choremen, farmers and chore boys; book-
• keeper and stenographer, ranch, $40 and
found ; foreman for large ranch
HOTEL DEPARTMENT-
Bakery wagon driver, city.... $40 and found
Baker, country hotel, fare pald.$40 and found
Cake baker, country shop $40 and found,
Cooks and kitchen help '.
MURRAY & READY 634-636 Clay at.
EXPERIENCED hand and machine lroners at
the Standard Shirt Factory, Gough and
Grova sts.
WANTED— Recruits for the marine corps, U\
S. navy; able-bodied, unmarried men of good
character, between the ages of 21 and 35; not
. less than 5 feet 4 inches and not over 6 feet 1
inch: able to speak and read English. For
further information apply at the Recruiting
Offlce, 40 Ellis st., San Francisco. -
WANTED— 2 stock clerks for wholesale dry
goods house ;, must be active; those with re-
tall experience t>ref erred: references; salary
$35. Box 3152. Call.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin, Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 217 Third at.; 150 large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
MEN to learn barber trade: barbers In de-
mand; only requires 8 weeks; tools donated;
catalogue free. MOLER'S BARBER COL-
LEGE. . 635 Clay st.
FOR SALE— Two-chair shop; sacrifice. 913
Seventh St., near Market, Oakland, Cal.
EARNEST young man willing to work for his
tuition In California Business CoUesre. 305
Larkin st.
ABLE solicitors can earn $100 per week on our
propositions. A. E. Co., 1413 Call building.
SAILORS, ordinary, for ships for all parts of
the world. HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart st.
YOUNG men to learn barber trafle; catalogue '
mailed. S. F. Barber College. 741 A Howard. ]
500 MEN to buy new and 2d-hand army shoes,
60c up; soling 20c up. 923 Howard st., nr. 5th.
WANTED — First-class bartender. Palace of
Art, 16 Post st. ■
PENSION atty., E. A. Bullis, 3, 40, Phelan
big. Past com. Geo. H. Thomas Post, G. A. R.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 25c
to 50c. 563 Mission tit., bet. 1st and 2d sts.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third st.. near Mar-
ket — 200 rooms, 25c night; reading rooms;
free 'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore.
HORSES AND WAGONS.
DO not fall to attend the special auction sale
Wednesday, Dec. 25, at 11 a. m., at the Ar-
cade Horse Market. 327 Sixth st. JOHN J.
DOYLE. Auctioneer. -
ONE second-hand undertaker's wagon, one 1-
horse truck, one 12-passenger carriage. CAR-
VILL MFG. CO.. 48 Eighth st.
FOR sale — 30 fine draught horses; weight from
1200 to 1600. Apply for further Information
at J238 Stockton st.. from 11 to 12 a. m.
WANTED — A pair of small donkeys, well
broken to double harness; must be sound and i
free from vice. Box 3004, "Call.
FULL line German Government horses always
on hand. JOHN H. H ALTON. 1732 Market.
A BARGAIN In jroort carriage, saddle, business j
and road horses. DALZIEL. C05 G. G. ave.
ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, harness,
etc., cheap. EGAN & SON, 2117 Mission st.
AN A No. 1 exnress wagon, single: also light
campinfe wajron for sale, cheap. 532 Mission.
HOUSES TO LET.
A — PRINTED list houses to let: s?nd for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
HYGIJ-NIC HAIK TUFAT.MEyT.
DANDRUFF, all scalp Irritations positively
cured, ladles or gentlemen, by medicated
massage treatment; consultation free. MRS.
HARTLAND, Hair Specialist, r. 39. 139 Post.
HYVXOTISJI,
HYPNOTISM — The new method of hypnotiz-
ing: a grAnd success; the course of lessons
explaining this new discovery sent on re-
ceipt of 50 cents. PROF. W. E. LUCAS,
S«U Market st.
LOST AND FOU.VD.
LOST — Gold watch set with diamonds. Initials
M. R.; fob and locket s^t with diamonds;
liberal reward. 411 Clayton st.
LOST — Hound; black and white bitch; reward
for return. 34 First st. f
IT will pay to "Remember" that the Califor-
nia Watch Case Co.. 220 Sutter st , needs old
gold and silver to make new watch cases.
MACHINE WORKS.
ENSIGN Machine Works. 415% Sacramento st.,
builds models and experimental machinery;
mine holstn 4. 8. 12 H. P. specialty: repairing.
MATRIMONIAL.
GENTLEMEN wishing to marry wealthy
ladles send 10c for list. Mrs. Hertz. 70S Ellis.
MATTRESSES A.\U PILLOWS.'
TO order, also cleaned, and sterilized, uphol-
stery; Al carpet cleaning; honest work guar-
anteed. HOPKE BROS., 411 to 415 Powell
St.; tel. Bush 421.
v MEDICAL.
DR. O'DONNELL— All who are sick and In
trouble call and consult the specialist. My
medicines have been used for many years by
thousands; the unfortunate helped; relief In all
ca&es taken; the most obstinate cases have
been relieved by my medical treatment; free
confidential advice on all subjects -of a deli-
cate nature; all classes of female complaints
treated; relief to the longest cases. DR. G.
W. O'DONNELL. 1018 Market St., opp. Fifth.
A — MRS. SWEET, graduate of Royal Univer-
sity, Berlin, In midwifery cases; takes ladici
before and during confinement; best of care;
confinement. S15; room and board, $5; infants
adopted; will take two to work at my private
residence.tiOO Guerrero, nr. 18th; tel. Blue 411.
MRS. D. WYETH— Reliable ladies' specialist;
30 years' experience; instant relief guaran-
teed: home before and during confinement ;
infants adopted. 410 O'Farrell, near Taylor.
MRS. KOHL, specltillst. 410 O'Farrell st
MRS. M. WEGENER. ladies' physician^ has
returned from the East and resumed business;
borne In confinement. 210 Eddy St.. near
Taylor, formerly of 1312 Golden Gate ave.
THE original MRS. DAVIES Is still located at
1228 Market; maternity home provided; office
hours 10 a. m. to 4 p. m. and 0 to 8:30 p. m.
HINDOOHERB and MRS. DAVIES' original |
methecj of treatment; maternity home; home
in confinement. 1120 Market st.. S. F.
MRS. D. ALLEN, 1118 Market— Reliable ladles'
specialist; a private home before and during
.. confinement:, best medical care; low fees.
MRS. D. GOODWIN, ladies' physician; 25 yrs."
successful experience in S. F. Maternity
Home. 006 Market, opp. 4th.
DR. NG TOY KEE, 210 Stockton St.. opposite
Union «=<iuarp; all iIIspbspi rnrcrt bv herbs.
MINES AND MIXING.
WANTED— Half grub stake for half interest In
rich prospect in SE. Alaska by two parties
of good references who know country
thoroughly. Box 3116. Call.
MISCELLANEOUS — FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines. Zd-haaa^nac^^ryT'Mc^
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont st.
MATTING and Bamboo Furniture Wholesale
and Retail; Epeclal for Xmas; Children's
Xoy Furniture Sens.
' ■ , UYEDACO.. 422 nnd 424 Geary st.
A— BUYS, sells or rents gear, machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipes, shafting, pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW. 253-255 Spear St.
LOT 2d-hand pipe, all sizes; cheap; also new
lot belting: half price of regular goods. H.
S. WHITE. 516-520 Mission Bt.
GENT'S black suits for mourners rented for
$2 50. Misfit Clothing Parlors. 23 Stockton
St.. upstairs.
TO be removed, two Louies; 1612-1618 Wash-
lngton at. J. R. POOL. 1124 Mission St.; tel.
South 787. '
A— $3 B0 DERBY and Fedora hats, $1 76. Popu-
lar Price Hatters. 330 Kearny st.. near Pine.
FINE suits. $10: dress pants, $2 75. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS, 437 Montgomery st.
A VERY flne old violin <er sale. New Munlci-
pal Loan Offlce. 617 Washington at.
OLD Schweitzer violin, 1810, worth $250. only
$90. Portland Loan Offlce, 25 Stockton st.
TTJROUOISE diamond earrings, $22 60. Port-
land Loan Offlce, 25 Stockton st.
MlilCEIXASEOCsi-FOR S>* -,E Con.
26-INCH full dress suit case, leather lined. $5.
Misfit Parlors. 23 Stockton st
WALLPAPER, 3c a roll; paper hanging, etc.
MERIGAN. 1302 Webster; tel. Jackson . 1321.
TYPEWRITERS, 2d-hand. all makes, at low
figures. L. & M. ALEXANDER. 110 Montg'y.
BOATS, launches, rowboats carried In stock.
BAKER & HAMILTON.
GASOLINE engines, all sizes, new and 2d-hand.
and launches. J. E. DOAK. 396 Mission st
ENGINES and boilers; second-hand machinery.
J. BURKE. 139 Beale st.
FAIRBANKS' 10-ton hay scales; Jeweler's steel-
• lined safe, perfect order. 216 California st.
SAFES— New and second hand. THE HER-
MAN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st.
1ST-CLASS Zd-hand modern engines and boilers
bought, sold. Krogh Mfg. Co., S Stevenson.
NEW Singer sewing machine; 8 drawers; oak;
complete; cheap. 1915 Mission, near Fifteenth.
JEWELRY for sale; diamonds, precious stones
bought T. Fershtand.-126 Kearny St.. rm. 29.
BAR outfits, showcases; all lengths and sizes.
JACOB SCHWERDT. 821 Mission st
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d-hand moving ple-
tures. BULLARD & BRECK. 131 Post at.
MISCELLAXlSOfS WANTS.
SECOND-HAND' window fixtures and show-
cases for men's furnishing goods store. 408
Geary st.
WILL pay cash and good prices for old seal-
sklns. Address at once, box 1205. Call offlce.
TILTOM wants good second-hand clothing and
, theatrical goods. 154 9th st; tel. Folsom 2522.
LADIES' & gents' good 2d-hand clothing bought
&sold. Silverman, 984 FoIsom;tel.Folsom 1191.
BIG prices pairt for sealskins, full dress & Tux-
edo suits. Portland Loan Office. 23 Stockton.
MO.NJB If TO LOAN.
HERllA^nSmtplfYTToT^xaminir^m
$4,500,000 at lowest rates
on first and second mortgages
Life Interests in estates
Property being held In trust .......
. .... Undivided Interests In real estate .....
..Life Insurance policies, estates In prdbate..
..Financial problems of all sorts and sizes..
. T...... If You Need Money
SEE HERMAN MURPHY. 003 Examiner big.
AA— MANHATTAN LOAN CO.. (Inc.).
$300,000 at 5% & 6 per cent In sums to suit;
City, Oakland, Town and Country property;
Second mortgages, life Insurance and securi-
ties; loans on unsettled estates, undivided in-
terests in real estate and legacies; will pur-
chase above securities. Tel. Red 5024. MAN-
HATTAN LOAN CO.. 7th floor. Crocker bldg.
ANY AMOUNT AT 6 PER CENT. ~
First, second and third mortgages
Undivided interest in real estate In probate..
Mortgages and legacies bought; no delay....
Get my terms before doing business elsewhere
R. McCOLGAN
.' 24 Montgomery st v room 3
ANY proposition, any amount; C per cent; flrst,
second and third mortgages, estates In pro-
bate, interest in eEtates, legacies, undivided
interests, securities, manufacturing and mer-
. cantile interests, corporation loans. Room 16,
1st floor.Chronicle bldg. GEOF.GB E. OLSEN.
A RELIABLE corporation established in 1863;
proper place to borrow money on diamonds;
Jewelry, pianos and sealskins. Columbia Loan
Offlce. 0 Grant ave., nr. Mkt; tel. Black 5471.
ON real estate, 1st or 2nd mortgages, and on
furniture or pianos without removal; any
amount; lowest rates; open evenings 7 to 8.
BECKER & CO.. 927 Market st. room 613.
MUNICIPAL Loan Offlce. 103 Grant ave., near
Geary st. ; phone Red 1603.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds, jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. S46 Market
st. ; tel. Main 1644. Branch 19 Third st.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note with-
out indorser or on- mortgage at 6 per cent per
annum. MORREJLL, 009 Examiner building.
LOANS on pianos, furniture, no removal, libra-
ries, goods In warehouse, etc. ; any amt. ; low-
est rates; private.* Ormsby. 26 Montgomery st.
LOWEST rates on furniture, etc.. by private
party; no removal; no coinmission; confiden-
tial. Room 3, Conservatory bldg., 301 Jones.
ON furniture, pianos; no remoyal; money
quick; lowest Interest: easy terms; no broker-
age; reliable party. 1170 Market St.. room 6S.
ANY amount on country property by private
party at 520 Walsworth ave., Oakland.
ANY amount on country property by' private"
party at 520 Walsworth ave., Oakland.
3% ON furniture and pianos; ?15 up; no ra-
moval; open evenings. Room 81. 6 Eddy st
Lowest rates, furniture, pianos; no removal; no
commls.; confidential. Whitehead, 1710 Mrkt.
ON' salaries. N Y. plan: indorsed paper dis-
counted. TOUSLEY CO.. 321 Parrott bldg.
ON furniture, pianos; lowest rate; no removal;
strictly private. LICK. 116 McAllister st.
ONE per cent on furniture: $5 a month on each
$1000: any security. 302 Montgomery St.. r.- 1.
IF you want a home I will loan you money to
buy It. A. E. RUDELL. 222 Sansome st.
ON SALARIES without Indorser: other propo-
sitions. S. F. Discount Agency. 143 Phelan hi?,
LOANS money on salary: no indorser: Eastern
plan. ■\Vp«tprn Loan Co.. "Wl Ph»lnn blder.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS. •
ALL grades sold by the Heine Piano Co.; sole
agents most famous and oldest American
mcikes; easy payments; big allowance .for
. old pianos; rents $2 up allowed if purchased;
our new building and hail will be completed
before March 1; we are now making a spe-
cial reduction for the holidays to clear -out
our slightly used goodd; inionjr them are all
the standard makes, fr:>m $25 up to $.'550;
open evenings during this sale. HEINE
PIANO CO.} 217 Geary st.
ALL must be closed out; great rrmoval sale In
all grades- of pianos; terms and prices, both
rent and installment, at your option. HEINE
PIANO CO., 217 Geary st.
AT this stage of the holiday business we can
only ask you to call and let us show you
our goods. The prices and quality will con-
vince you that we are giving tho very best
pianos for the lowest prices of any reliable
house, and we guarantee everything we sell
to give satisfaction; pianos as low as $75.
We take cash or payments. Wlssner, Decker
& Son, Baumeister, Steger and Singer are our
best sellers. THE ZENO MAUVAIS MUSIC
CO., 709 Market st.
AGAIN we remind you that our piano stock,
both new and second-hand, is the largest west
cf Chicago and Includes the most reliable
makers to choose from. New pianos sold upon
taey payments of $6 per month; some good
pianos for $3, $4 and $5 per mouth. SHER-
MAN. CLAY & CO., Steinway dealer3. corner
Kearny and Sutter sts.. San Francisco: cor-
ner Broadway and Thirteenth sts.. Oakland.
EOHMER & CO. Pianos.
BYRON MAUZY Pianos.
LESTER Pianos.
HAMILTON Pianos.
SPIELMANN Pianos.
CECILIAN PIANO PLAYER.
PIPE ORGANS.
BYRON MAUZY. 308-310-312 Post st.
ATTENTION. BARGAIN-HUNTERS— *
Eecond-hand upright pianos from $55 up.
Fecond-hand square pianos from $30 up.
Second-hand organs from $25 up; new upright
pianos from »175 up. BENJ. CURTAZ ft
RON. 16 to 20 O'Farrell. Chlckerlng. Mason
& Hamlln, Voee. Sterling pianos.
A FULL-SIZED upright piano, $85; six-octavi
Mason & Hamlin organ, $35; Steinway
square. $100: elegant burl, walnut Cameron
upright, used only few months, S275; Bech-
steln baby grand, almost new. BOWERS &
SON. 23 Fifth st; IVERS & POND, Agents.
ANY piano sold by us taken back any time
within 2 years and full purchase price al-
lowed on a new peerless Knabe, at regular
price; costs you only 20c a day to buy a piano
from us. KOHLER & CHASE. 30 O'Farrell
St.; established 1S30.
EXCITING bargains— Three cars new high-
grade pianos stored with us; ordered sold to
realize advances and storage; dirt cheap (ln-
stallments); open evenlnjrs until 9:30. WIL-
SON'S Storage. 1710 Market st.
THE WILEY B. ALLEN CO., 933 Market st
A large shlpmeht of LUDWIG pianos Just ar-
rived; also the new CHASE & BAKER self
piano players.
OUR pianos, the leadins makers; price $100
upward; values best in the city. PIERCE' A
PIANO FACTORY. Market, 14th & Church.
FOR sale, account death; new standard upright
piano; guaranteed: bargain. 777 Geary st
$175— A RARE chance; flne upright.
SCHMITZ, IC McAllister, next Hibernia Bk.
JI2S— SPHLEIP upright excellent condition.
$75; Erard upright. Hornung. 218 McAllister.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer. I Latham place.
AT KEEFFE'S. 21 Turk st., near Market-
Ehonlnger. Schubert ar.d Ptelnway bargains.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents — The Weekly Call,
1ft paerps. )n wranper for mailing: SI per year.
OFFICES ANIJ STORES TO LET.
STORE 30x30 with basement 40x80; location
center of wholesale Iron and machinery trade.
Apply at 143 First st
PACIFIC, 32S — Newly fitted up store; cheap:
also store. 804 Sansome st.. $10.
.</. OIL. ■ __ •
OIL tanks, second hand. In good order; all
sizes: cheap H. S. WHITE. SIP Mission »t.
___ PATENTS i AND PENSIONS.
PENSION advice free; general practitioner.
Geo. D. Campbell, lawyer, Examjner bldg.
PALMISTRY.
G. L. NeergIa7o7~presWenT St. GeraaTn Col-
lege, reads 1 to 4. 700 Post; phone Hyde 2033.
H. JEROME FOSELLI, scientific Palmist. 515
Taylor st. bet Geary and Post : tel. Black 561.
MME. ZELLA. palmist and card reader; 25c
and 50c. 783V;, Market at.; bring this ad.
PERSO-NALS. i
IJSTENTDon't buy" over $20 suits; the quality
and workmanship Is hlgh-prloed; any suit or
overcoat in house to order $20; no more no
less; any style. MASTEN. The Tailor. .01
Geary St., corner Leavenworth.
AN elegant line of remnants for suits to order.
$15; with these suit^we make an extra pair
of pants free of charge; other suits on install-
ments. $1 weekly L. LEMOS, 111* Market
Et., between Seventh and Eighth.
WHY Guess? You can be certain of style and
fit by using: Standard Patterns; Dec. patterns
and The Designer now ready. J. W. EVANS.
Domestic office. 1021 Market st. near Sixth.
LISTEN! It's not what you pay for our $5 all-
wool pants; It's what you get for what you
.pay. They are world-beaters: best value on
earth; made to order. MASTEN. The Tailor.
701 Geary st, corner Leavenworth.
FACE massage, complexion beautifying; latest
Continental methods: electric roleau; super-
fluous hair, moles, etc.. removed by electrto
needle. MME. ZEPHEY. 1253 California st.
ELECTRIC light in every room— Winchester
Hotel, 44 Third Bt, near Market; 700 rooms;
25c to $1 50 per night; $1 50 to $6 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
ARTISTIC halrdressing, manicuring. shampoo-
Ing, etc.. at moderate prices In America s
best-appointed parlors. The "BON-TON,'
324 Post st. ; switches at bargain prices.
HOLIDAY offer— 250 cases of German Cham-
pagne, quarts, $10 per case; 500 cases a«>rt- |
ed wines, liquors and champagnes, $4 per >
case. F. HOLTUM. 517 California st.
A GOOD home open for a blonde blue-eyed
girl baby. MRS DR. FUNKE. 1416 Eighth
Et., Alameda.
THE latest and best things in ladies' ready to
wear garments, tailcr-made suits, skirts, on
Installments, at C. F. ADAMS CO.. 156 5th.
RARE and unique presents for the holidays at
The Old Curiosity Store. 118 Geary st. NAT
RAPHAEL: novelties of every description.
WHITE enamel Iron beds, single, three-quarter
or double. $2 25. EASTERN OUTFITTING
' CO.. 1310-1312 Stockton St., near Broadway.
Blng Chonp & Co. baa removed from 115 Stock-
ton to 568 Geary, bet. Taylor & Jones, where
can be found flne stock of ladies' underwear.
WRINKLES removed, scientific method. 50c;
hairdressing, 25c: manicuring. 25c: shampoo-
lng. 60c. O. LEDEItER. 123 Stockton st
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles destroyed with
electric needle. MIS3 EATON. 1119 Sutter st
A — IF your hair is falling or you are bald call on
Dr.G. S.Moore. 332 O'Farrell: send for circular.
A — VIDA Company permanently cures stomach
trouble. 763 Valencia St., cor. 10th.
PRIVATE detective work; reasonable rates; 10
years' experience. J. B. RAY, 457 Minna Bt
GOLD cure for drunkenness; sure remedy:
testimonials. MOOSER CO., 1125 Geary, S.F..
Mrs Briggs — Superfluous hair, moles removed 4
by electric needle. 068 Sutter; tel.Larkin 3171.
ELECTRIC needle specialist; superfluous hair
& moles destroyed. Mrs. H. Eaton. 427 Sutter.
MASQUERADE costumes, play boons, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO., 7.33 Mkt.
Masquerade costumes at H. Anderson's, theatri-
cal costumer, 26 O'Farrell; country orders.
TAILOR-MADE suits. $7 50: dress pants. $2 50.
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont
DR. LAMOTTE'S FRENCH CORN PAINT,
the best corn cure; 25c: all druggists.
ALFREDITMS Egyptian Henna: restores gray
hair to Its natural color; $1: at all druggists.
500 MEN wanted to order suits for $1 per week.
NETTHAUB & CO.. tailors. 115 Kearny gt.
PHYSICIANS AND SURGEONS.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL— Offlce and residence.
1021% Market St.. bet. Sixth and Seventh.
DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor, successfully
treats all diseases of the human body: see
testimonials at offlce. 115-117 Mason, nr. Ellis.
"•A — DR WONG WO. herb doctor: sanitarium.
Tfi4-7R« rinv Ft. ! w» t»<"Mmnni!»l«! at offlce.
PLANINCS AND TURNING MILLS.
WOOD and Ivory Turning. Planinsr, Shaping
and Sawlnsr. CARL F. HAAS. 05 Fremont
* PRINTING.
'■ 1000 CARDS, $1; good stock; new type and
flne work. If you get our samples and prices
you will give us your printing. ODELL P.
CO. 73 Fourth st.; tel. Black ISO".
REAL ESTATE CITY KOR SALS.
/ "638 Market Street
FILLMORE-STREET CORNER.
$42,500 — Must be sold at once to close an es- j
tate; on the best business corner on {
Flllmore st; 87:6 feet frontage on |
Fillmore; present Improvements stores,
etc.; pay $32SS per annum.
A SPLENDID INVESTMENT.
$25,000 — Two blocks from City Hall; make
offer: 3 houses and 4 fiats renting for
$1872 per annum; on the north side of
street:" key lot from Van Ness ave.
55x120 feet. This is an estate and the
owners are very desirous of making
a quick sale.
HOWARD-STREET INVESTMENT.
$20.000— Northwest side of Howard st, be-
tween First and Second; flne large lot
50xS3 feet; present old improvements
renting for $C0 per month; in the
heart of a rapidly Improving district
NEW MODERN FLATS.
510,000 — Three elegant up-to-date flats near
Golden Gate Park of 6. 7, 7 rooms and
bath; rents for $105 per month.
ALSO
$11,500 — Three new flats of 6, 6, 7 rooms and
bath, Just completed in the most mod-
ern manner: rents $120 per month:
north side of Page st, near park; lot
25x137:6 feet \
DOWNTOWN INVESTMENT.
$5,000— Pine St., between Kearny and Dupont ;
fine lot 20x67:6 feet, with an L to a
small street; no property In the city
has. a better future; present old Im-
provements rent for $25 per month.
MISSION BUSINESS PROPERTY.
$5,350 — Store and 2 flats of 6, 4 rooms and
bath; modern and up to date; excep-
tionally well built; only 4 years old:
on a flne Nce-st. business corner;
rents $530 pe» - annum; lot 25x100 feet.
BUSH-STREET LOT.
$3.750 — X flne large lot 37:6x137:8 feet on
Bush st.. near Broderlck; side sewered
for 4 flats; present improvements a
cottage of 3 rooms renting for $10 per
, month; street bituminized; cement
walk.
E ASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO
633 Market Street
AT AUCTION., ~~ "
By order of the Union Trust Co. of San Fran-
cisco, executors of the Van den Berg estate.
TUESDAY. January 7th. 1002. 12 o'clock m.
At Salesroom,
A. J. RICH & CO.. 112 Montgomery st
Sixth St.. northeasterly line. 175 feet south-
easterly from Bryant st., Nos. 533 to 549
stores and lodging-bouse above: lot 100x90*
rent per month $131. '
Howard st, southeasterly line, 37-8 feet
northeasterly from Moss st. (between 6th and
7th sts). 2 stores and flat above. Nos. 1061 and
1063; lot 37:6x100; rent $67 50 per month.
Eighth St., northeasterly line. 245 feet south-
easterly from Folsom st. No. 321; old improve-
ments; lot 30x120.
A. J. RICH & CO.,
~ Auctioneers.
IF you want a Some we will buy a lot and
build you a house on monthly payments
Pacific Home Building Co., 39 Nevada Block.
2 LOTS, Excelsior Homestead; sell cheap or
trade for rooming house. 313 27th st
REAL ESTATE— COUNTRY For Sale
IMPERIAL SETTLEMENTS^ '■ '
Cheap Homes -Safe Investments.
Government Lands at Government Prices.
Irrigated lands In valley of Colorado River
San Diego County, on line Southern Pacific
Railroad.
Fertility of soil unsurpassed; water suddIy
absolutely safe: best winter climate In the
world; wheat 60 bushls per acre; alfalfa 9
crops per year; citrus fruits for Thanksglvi'ne
market; other fruits from 2 to C weeks ahead
of Los Angeles; water stocks. $20 per acre-
$5 cash, balance on time. • '
140,000 Acres Placed In Past 18 Months. "
Crops planted last July have already paid
for land and water.
458 Ninth st.. Oakland. "; a * ent «
PROFITABLE orange, lemon, peach A mM
lands to sell; right lccallty; big moneV e^v
payments. Healy & Henderaon, 6 Eddy 'st"
POULTRY and dairy ranches for sal*- wm« »«7
tree list C. R, WmFIEl^. PeUlumal Cat
REAL ESTATE COTTXTRV For Sal*
W£ ."cret^R^
cSfftl Sonoma Cc I ; future value assured a*
cor. isv»n<*t«ro la growing rapidly; location
best Er poultrV and general farming Apply
to Th- Cotat* Co.. 302 California St.. for pam-
phleta and Information.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEPARKAL^ESTATE.
BARGAINsTTSpTovVT^nln^ved P"P««y
acquired by fcrecios-.ire; Vj <-asM. Bank or Ala.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
n V V. K ! ■' ? V V U KM. ESTATE.
8650— LOT 40x135; 1 block from North Berke-
ley station: street work done; a snap. MAX
& MORTIMER.
C3454V— '"'TEW house, 6 rooms; street work dona:
"modern in every respect. MAY & MORTI-
MER.
$1450— LOT 60x125; sltuats in Scenic Park,
near college; a good investment. MAY &
MORTIMER. Berkeley.
100x125 IX Scenic Park; street work all done;
situate within 3 blocks of cars and college^
a good investment; $2650. MAY & M0RTI-\
MER, Berkeley.
$-1000 SPLENDIDLY built house of 8 room*
and all conveniences: large .lot; street : work
all done: near college. MAT & MORTIMER.
Berkeley.
11100-LARGE lot. 50x136, In the HlUegaaii
Tract- street work done; a snap. MAY &
MORTIMER. Berkeley.
S1050 — HERE is a snap: 6 lots, each 4Oxl33.
fronting on 2 streets; both streets sewered;
about 10 minutes' walk to depot; price only
$10EO; terms If desired. MAY & MORTI-
MER. Berkeley station.
S3730 IN. the Hlllegas3 Tract; flne 2-story
house of 7 rooms and bath: thoroughly mod-
ern- connected with gas and electric lights:
lot 60x156; street work all done; only 5 min-
utes to the university.
JOSEPH J. MASON.
Berkeley Station.
ONX.T one left: new house of 9 rooms and
bath: combination fixtures; Sunshine wat-r
heater; flne corner lot; street work all done;
near the station and electric cars; prica
|3 ' m JOSEPH J. MASON.
Berkeley Station.
12 HOMES, ranging In prices from $2000 to
$3000 on terms of from $50 to $100 down, all
in the course of construction; all modern and
have from 8 rooms and bath up to 9 rooms and
bath: situated on the local Berkeley roa.1.
giving the same service and time as the Oak-
land local from Seventh and Broadway t»
Eaa Franclaco. Further* Information apply
'A. J. 8NYDEK.
487 Ninth st. Oakland. Cal.
Or Branch Office
A. J. SNYDER.
Adeline Statloc. Berkeley.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The W««ltly
Coll. 16 pages, sent to any address In th»
United States or Canada one year for XI.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
6. M. DODGE & SON, -
1160 Broadway, Oakland.
$3C5O — Something extra nlca in th» way of a
modern up-to-date, brand new home In Oak-
land out toward Berkeley: lot 50xl2£>; 7 rooms .
and bath. Call and let ns shew you this.
OAKLAND COTTAGES TO LET.
r . . . . '.... .1..
SUNNY lower flat, 8 large rooms; electrto ser-
vice throughout; 2 coal and 1 gas grata; largs
corner lot; lawn; fruit and shade trees and
flowers; lot elevated; choice locality: will rent
low to satisfactory permanent tenant; Elsbtb
ave. electric cars, corner Washington and
Eighth sta. coma within 1 block. Call or
address 1K9 Ninth ave.. Ep~t Of **^»tf
O/KLAND KOOMS AND BO/fcftD.-^
THE Fifth Avenue House — Furnished sunny
rooms, with or without board: at reasonable*
rates; 2 car lines: short walk to local. Fifth
ave. and Eighteenth st.
OAKLAND PCKMTVRE KOR S.VLK.
AH Introduction to you from H. Schellhaas. th*
furniture dealer. 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
KOOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
OAK, 123 — 2 nicely furnished basement rooms,
>10. J
SUTTER, 995— Newly furnished suite anri
kitchen; gas range; complete for housekpg.
THE BELL. 1773 Market — Front bay-window
room and sunny kitchen; gas range; $15.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions' has been established at 100«
Valencia st.
ROOMS TO' LET — Pnrn. and Unf am.
ARGYLE Hotel, 231 McAllister — New. elegant.
sunny; grill attached: 75c day upward: rates
by week or month: McAllister cars to door.
A— BRUNSWICK HOUSE, 148 Strth— Rooms.
25c to $1 per night; $1 25 to $5 per week, and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
BURNETT. 1426 Market (old No. 1364) — Fur-
nished rms.. suites, single; also unfurnished.
CLIFFORD. 204 Ellis, corner Mason — Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
ELLIS. 321 (Mozart) — Nicely furnished rooms,
85c, $1 50 night; $1 60. $6 wk.; open all night.
FRANCISCO HOTEL — Elegant suites; slngla;
transient; baths. Mrs. King, Turk & Taylor.
GEARY, 405 (The Navarre) — Elegantly furnish-
ed suites and single; travelers accommodated.
GEARY. 1527 — Unfurnished front connecting
rooms; water, gas, bath, phone; references.
HARRISON, 784%. near Fourth— Finely fur-
nished rooms; bath; all conveniences; home-
like ; $1 week up.
HYDE, 1119%— Sunny rooms; •verythlns; newi
for gentlemen.
JESSIE, 363. near Fifth and Market Fur-
nished room, $3; large front room. $8.
MINNA. 667. corner iighth — Newly furnished
bay-window room; $1 per week; transient.
NEW ARLINGTON. 1015 Market— Nlcaly fur-
nished rooms; $2 a week up; 85c a day up.
OCTAVIA, 1211— Nicely furnished large sunny
front bay window room. 9
POWELL, 207— Nicely furnished sunny suites;
single rooms; runnins water; phon« Black
O'FARRELL. 20— Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator; elec. lights; day, week, mo.
SHERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth st.
near Market — Furnished or unfurnished.
SUTTER. 320% (The Stanford)— Suite* from $3
to $.; singles. $2 to $5 per week; transient.
TURK, 543-i-LarBe front room; 15 mlnutea*
walk from Kearny; grate, gas, bath.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce, 2200 Flllmore.
•*• BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1099
Valencia st.
ROOMS AND BOARD.
HOTEL Dennlston, cor. Valencia and 21st sts— .
In the "Warm Belt"; free from prevailing
fogs; choice sunny suits; first class.
THE Irvingdala, 626 Eddy — Suite suitable for
three gentlemen with board. $60: single rooms
with board. $22 50 up; excellent table.
THE Pierpont, 418 Ellis— Everything new- most
elegantly furnished apartments- flrst-clasa
dining-room.
THE Audubon 1105 Hyde st— Fine room*
_alngle or suite; excellent board.
C 1S?w1* (St 1 evens °n Manston^elect
family hotel; exceptional table; popular rates.
HARRISON, 1122B-Modern flat: one large
room, one single; with or without boara
VA if NESS. 31!>— Handsome furnished apart-
ments; conv.; 2 to 5 gents; best table board.
N1 ,£^* 615 Javier— Nicely furnished sunny
rooms, excellent board: terms reasonable.
HOTEL Repelier. 7S1 Sutter— Newly furnished:
excellent table; special ratpa to tourists.
RUPTURE SAXITAK1UM.
R Y> PT -F RE cu «d at HUNTER'S SANITA-
KIUM. 1206 Market St.; treatment free; only
Invention In the world that will not torture.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery St.. rooms 9-10:tel. 5380.
STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES'
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Movlnc Co .
office Post and Powell sta.; tel. Main 5713.
GOLDEN WEST Storaee Warehouse. 84O Mis-
sion St.: tel. Howard &*1. F. \V. ZEHFXJS3.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Movlna Com.
pany. 2320 Flllmore gt.; phone Jackson 281.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co., 723 Mission St.:
tel. Main 18*0; shipping at cuTratea!,\1X k'r.ci.-: Jv-ueht. *o!ii. renteii, exebassed; te.
pe'.r.nr: lov.c^t inter. 'i>l. 131-jck 111:4. 2'.).» 4tn.
.' '1 \. k:i>i2s tocujrht. RnldJ'xetitad. r.xelKir.erni: r.'-
;-*3 ; '-irg: lowest ;afs: T'S'"n»- Mint +.".. |4J ntU.
■rv'PKwmTCU:! axd st'i»|»iiiis.
ol.KAT liAKGAINS IX TraSttflilTEBS-r-Wa
«il better machines tor less nir.jiey than anv
house in the oily: renta'.r: $;:. The >r> pewriter
ICKdumge r»3<; Cmlilcroto: teiephon*; Main2t>c.
IVEBSTER Typewrllrr Inspection Co.— Expm
typewriter -'.""t^rs estimate free. 20*.> fcansome.
SAVINGS h3SD LOAN FOCIKTT 101 'Sont-
gomery st.. corner of Sutter— The board ol
dirocicrs declared a dividend for the term
{■nilins December :>1. 1001. at the rate ol
three and one-eighth <3»i.) i*? r cent rer an-
num on all de»t)sits. free of taxes and par-
;.b!e on and after January 2. 1U02. Dividend,
net called for are added to and bear th«
s^ame rate of dividend as the principal from
and after January 1, 1002.
CYIIUS^^CAUMANY. Cashier.
THE Oo-ninentiil Buiiding~inl""Loan Associa-
tior.. ~— Kanwaie St.. has declared for the
f.x months ending December 31. 1001, a divi-
fiend off) per cent per annum on Clds=ses".V
anu J stock, « ]>er cent en term deposits
ana o per cent on ordinary deposits, five o!
taxes. WILLIAM eORBIN'. Secretary.
IiniBOLDT Pavinps and Loan Society. U
Gea.;y ft.— The directors have declared a
civiaend of .{ per cent per annum on its de-
T posits, payable en and after January 2 1J'O2
ERNEST BRAND. Secretary.
CA^.«'Si'i*i A BAFE DEPOSIT AND TRUST
CCAIFANI, corner California and Montgom-
ery sts. — For the six months endins Decem-
ber di. 1901. dividends have been declared
on deposits in the savings department of this
company a& follows: On term deDosits at
the rate of 3 0-10 Der cent per annum, and
en ordinary deposits at the rate of 3 per cent
per annum, free of taxes and payable on and
after Thursday. January 2. 1902. Dividends
uncalled lor are added to the principal and
bear the same rate cf dividend as the prin-
cipal from and after January 1, 1902. J.
DALZELL BROWN. Manager.
SAN FRANCISCO SAVINGS UNION. 532 Cal-
lfornia et.. corner Webb. — For the half-year
ending with the 31st of December 1901 a
fl.viaend has been declared at the rate per
B -? r o m^S f three end forty-two one hundredths
'/, *-" 100 > Per cent on term deposits and three
(•*) per cent on ordinary deposits free of
ary C I; fSS^LSZ&i
M r5£n L J AVI^ G £ BAXK OF ■** F RAX-
«i -5,7" or J the half year t-nding December
SJ, j.«01, a dividend has been declared at the
rate cf three (3) per cent per annum on all
deposits, free of taxes, payable on and after
T™^£ ay^ Januar >- 2. 1902. GEORGE A.
>TOR>. Cashier.
T ?. E ,«P* rlnan Staffs and Loan Society S26
California Ft.— For the half-year ending-'with
December 31. 1901. a dividend has been de-
ciared »♦ the rate or three (3) per cent per
annum on all deposits, free cf taxes pay-
LEGAL ADVKR'nsEMKATs.
jTEUSKESS Men's Le £a i Bureau." consulta-
JTtica free; in bankruptcy and cUvorce proceed-
T* ires Parties not required to 5:0 it/to court.
P.o^m 611. Kxsmi^er hidg.: rhone Black 3604.
MAEEIAGE LICENSES. ™
The followins marriage licenses were issutJ
yesterday :
. lber V, Va I !ler ' * S 53 Greenwich street, and
Lillian M. Corey. 13, 1030 Mission street.
Antcnio Senestraro. 34. r.14 Pacific street.
end Zama Demeneia. 25, T.14 Pacific street
oeorgL- C. White, &i, city, and Lucy E.
Grancye. 31, city.
August Johanson. 2".». Menlo Park, and Hil-
r.ia t. Gustafson, 30. Palo Alto.
Elton D. Nunn,, 2-t. Great Falls. Mont., and
Charlotte Kornir.eyer, 22, 323 Twenty-eiehth
fireet.
Jareei H. Benedict Jr., 40, 11C1 Geary Btreet,
find Man" C. Zifferer, 35, corner Bush and
Jones streets.
David McCarty. 26, 1150*4 Folsom street,
and Emily A. Smith. 25. 1150i± Folsom street.
Henry J. Rourke. 21. 720 California street,
and Susan Brown, 21, Golden Gate.
Charles H. Jones, 31. city, and Janet E. C.
Ambers. 2H. city.
Charles r». Edwards. 24, 205 Third fctreet.
and Annie J. Flynn, 19, 1732 Eietheenth ave-
nue South.
F--snk -XT ■*CerrSsm.u.~Z3, 3014 Twenty-fifth
"jt»s^y Jgl Tiffi'H. Keegan. 19. 149 Juniper
" jonn Campbell. 41. city, and Christian C
Larson, 35, Waunaca, Wis.
Edward A. Skillman. 43, Eureka. Nev.. and
Henrietta Crumley. 30, Red Bluff.
Julius P. Pausback. 35, Sacramento, and
Mary M. Linzee, 25. city.
Joseph M. Lind, city, 2*9, and Ella V. Bronn.
22. city.
Csri F. Andresen, 24, Fort Brag*, anfl Alice
V. Frye, 24. Westport. '
Gustave E. Miller. 46, city, and Ella F
Pierce, 44, city.
Samuel M. Crim, 24. 2526 Howard street,
and Adelaide G. McCrosson, 21. 634 Capp et.
Walter Clark, 30. 822 Howard Etreet, and
Era P. Gerber, 20. 822 Howard street.
filETHS—MARBIA&ES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriase aad death notices sent by
mail will not be Inserted. They must be handed
Jn at either of the publication offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sona authorized to have- the same published.
BOEU. .
SRAXXAGAX — In this city, December 6, 190L
to the wife of Arthur J. Brannagan, a son.
CLEGG — In this city, December 14, 1901, to
the wife of H. S. Clecjr, a son.
COXXORS — In this city, December 19, 1901,
to the wife of William P. Connors, a son.
TORREY— In this city. December 23, 190L to
the wife of Stanley Torrey, a daughter.
WILLIAMSON — In this city, December 24.
1801, to the wife of C. C. J. W'illiamson, a
ML
ASHBT — BERG — In this city, December 24,
1801, by Rev. Paul Branke. Charles M.
Ashby and Helena Berg, both of Ban Fran-
cisco.
ROBERTS— BOXES— In Xew York City. De-
cember 24. 190L G«orge D. Roberts, brother
of Mrs. V. R. Raymond, and Mrs. E. M.
Bones of Oakland.
WEISS — DOUT> — In this dtT. December 12,
1901. by the Rev. Dr. Lathrop, Harry A.
Weiss of 'Walalua, H. I., and Daisy Annette
Doud of this city.
WAYMIRE— McAFIC— In this city. December
23, 1901. by Rev. Dr. John A- B. Wlteon,
Tl&rnemt M. Waymire of Eanta Rosa and
Eadle M. McAflc.
DIED.
Berry, David K. McCormick. Gerald
Brennan, Helen Patton. Susanna
Callan, Evalyn Perrin. Edward R.
Cowan. Robert H. Phelan. Miss Mary
Devlin, Annie Phillips, William V.
Eccles, Mary A. Ryan, Margaret
Einselen. Frledericki Sellman. Edla E.
Flynn. James A. Schemit. Maria B.
Gallagher. Margaret Schlesrel. Peter J.
Hennessy, Mar}' Steinmetz. August
Keegan, Delia Sherman, Richard M.
Kukiza, Michelle Taylor. Andrew
Lehman, Clara Wheeler, Joseph S.
Lineban. Cornelius Whitney, Mary T.
Lj-nde. Mervyn F. Wolf. August
BERRY — In this city. December 24, 1901. Da-
vid K., beloved eon of Catherine and the
late William D. Berry, a native of Oak-
laiid, Cal., aged 5 years 1 month 12 days.
BREXXAN — In this city. December 21, 1901.
Helen Brennan. beloved daughter of Hugh
J. and Prellie Brennan, and Bister of Marie
Urennan, a native of San Francisco, aged 2
yeara and 9 months. (Pittsburg and Cin-
cinnati papers please copy.)
{T7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
to-morrow (Thursday), at 10 o'clock, at 653
Willow avenue. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery.
CALL AX — In Colma, Tan Mateo County. De-
cember 23, 1901, Evalyn, beloved daughter of
Matthew and Annie Callan, and sister of
Georgie and Edna Callan, a native of Col-
ma, San Mateo County, aged 2 months and 8
i days.
E^Triendu and* acquaintances 'are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
at 2 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of the parents in Colma, San Mateo
County. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
COWAX — In this city, December 23. 1901,
nobert Hawkcs. beloved husband of Lydia
<~owan and father of Robert E.. IMith H.,
rthel G. and Elbert F. Cowan and Mrs.
Cowan Sanester. a native ot Scotland, aged
W years* S months and 10 days.
DEVLIX — In this city. December 23, 1901,
Annie, beloved wife of the late Mark Dev-
lin and mother of James, Edward, Annie
.-ind Jcbn Devlin and Mrs. James O'RIley. j
Mrs William Doran and the l&te Mark Dev-
lin, a native of Canada, aged 75 years.
(C7Frien<5s and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
<Thurs<5ay). at 9 o'clock, from her late resi-
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.
lEuccessor to Flasnagan & Gallagher.)
DAXIEL P. DONOVAN. Mgr.
FUXERAL DIRECTORS AXD EMBALMERS.
20 Fifth et.. opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South 80.
Mt Olivet Cemetery,
SAX BRUXO HILLS.
OFF.CB O1G MARKET STREET.
J. HEXDERSOX. Manager.
Samuel Uci-'aiiden. IS year* wmuaser for
the United IJndertar.ere' Association: M. J
MeBi-earty. with the earco company for IS
years: I'. P. Crter. Jate v.ith J. C OXoa- ;
6cr & Co.. liave opened new I ur.eral Far- ,
Icm »t J171 Mission etreet. between bevMib [
aad Eirhth. Telephone Bouth 4-I. ■
• £? £., J "> Wo "- e avenue, off Mission road,
sMx-Mik- House, theiv.-e to St. Ann's Church.
, t-olma, v/.-.ere a requiem ich mas* will -be
ce.pbi-Ejed for the r*:**; of her sou!, at 10
f! ° c !°cl:. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
' »r — ln Oakland, December 82. 1301,
alary Angela, beloved daughter ¦ ' ivilliam
J. and Katie M. Eccles. a native of Oafc-
; land.
i The funeral will take place to-day
i (Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence
I of ihe parents. 051 Thirty-fifth street. Inter-
[ inent St. Mary's Cemetery.
¦ EIXSELEX — In this city, December 24. 1901,
; Triedericke Einuelea. dearly beloved mother
of Mrs. J. Malff.ntl and Charles R., Gustavo
A. and Henry Einself-n, and sister of Mrs.
j Henry Outzi :t. a native of Wurtemberg,
! Germany, aged 77 years 3 months and 24
days.
Friends and acouaintr.nces are r '.'port-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, From the parlors
of H. F. Suhr & Co.. 1137 Mission street,
between Seventh and Eighth. Interment
Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
FLYXN — In this city." December 24. 1901,
James A., husband of Annie Flynn. and
father of Cecelia A. and William J. Flynn,
and brother of Rcse E. Flynn. and youngest
son of Margaret and the late Joseph Flynn,
. a native of New York, aged 21) years 2
j months and 11 days.
• GALLAGHEU — In Berkeley. December 24.
1001, Margaret, beloved wife of Frank E.
Gallagher, and mother of p. J., Mary, J. L.,
Alice, James, Willie and Thomas Gallagher
and Sister Irene of the Sisters of the Holy
Family, a native of Canada, aged 50 year-
' and -1 months.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at h o'clock, from her late resi-
I rtence. 202<: Francisco street, thence to St.
1 Joseph's Church, where a solemn, requiem
high mass v.-iii be celeberated for the repose
of her eo-Jl. commencing at 10 o'clock. In-
terment St. Mary's Cemetery, Oakland,
i HEXXESSY— In this city. December 24, 1901,
at her residence, 12 Walnut avenue, Mary
Henr.ess> . " beloved sister of the late Alice
i Hennery, a native of County Watcrford,
Ireland, aged SO years.
C7"Xotice of funeral hereafter.
t KF.EGAX — this city, December 24, 1001,
j Delia, beloved .iaushter of Bridget and the
i late William Keegan, and sister of William
Keegan and Mrs. James Byrnes, a native of
Boston, Mass.
( Kl'KIZA — In Aenews. Gal.. December 22, 1901.
Michelle Kukiza. a native of Austria, aged
63 years. A member of the Austrian Benev-
olent Society.
j (?'"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
; • fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
; (Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from Druids' Hall.
413 Sinter street. Interment Laurel Hill
Cemetery. Remains at the parlors of Mc-
Avoy & Co.. 123!) Market street, between
• Eighth and Ninth.
LEHMAN— In this city. December 24. 1901.
Clara, beloved wife of Max Lehman, and
mother of Sol, Adolr>h, Charlie, Bertha and
; Rey Lehman, a native of Germany, aged 53
years 8 months and 14 days.
G7" Friends and acquaintances re respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
« Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 1431 Webster street, between O'Farrell
and Geary.
LIXKHAX— this city. December 23. 190!,
Cornelius Linehan, a native of Ireland, aged
84 years.
LYNDE— In this city, December 24, 1901. Mer-
vyn Francis Lynde, a native of California,
i aged 1 year 1 month and 13 days.
j McCORMICK — In this city, December 23, 1901,
j Gerald, infant son of J. T. and Catherine
; McCormick, seed 4 days.
[ PATTOX— In this city. December 24, 1901,
Susanna, wife of John H. Patton, and aunt
Of Mrs. Walter R. Nichols, a native of St.
George, New Brunswick.
PERRIX — In Oakland, December 23, 1901, Ed- j
1 ward R. Perrin. beloved brother of Mrs. A. :
M. Gayety, a native of Detroit, Mich., aged
76 years « months and 29 days.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 1:30 o'clock, from Pioneer
Hail, Fourth street, near Market. Interment
Laurel Hill Cemetery. Remains at the par-
lors of the California Undertaking Company, ;
105 Powell street, near Pest.
i PHELAX — In this city. December 23, 1901, ]
M....- Mary Phelan, niece of Mrs. John Byrne,
a native of Jacksonville, 111., aged 29 years.
j PHILLIPS — In this city, December 24, 1901,
William V. Phillips, a native of North Caro-
lina, aged 38 years.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 10 o'clock, from the parlors
of McAvov & Co., 1239 Market .street, be-
tween Eighth and Ninth. Interment Na-
tional Cemetery.
RYAN — this city, December 24, 1901. Mar-
garet, beloved wife of Patrick Ryan, and
mother of John and the late William and
Mary Ryan, and sister of Mrs. James Fitz-
gerald and Mrs. Mary Davis and John Foley
and the late Hannah Colbert, a native of
County Cork. Ireland.
IL^ Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
"Thursday), at 9 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 1311 Scott street, thence to Holy
Cross Church, where a solemn requiem mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
commencing at 9:30 o'clock. Interment Holy
Ctoes Cemetery. Please omit flowers.
SELLMAX — In this city. December 24, 1901,
of diphtheria, Edla Elisabeth Sellman. dearly
beloved daughter of Jean and Lucy Sellman,
and darling sister of Eleanor Sellman, and
granddaughter of Fred and Elisabeth Mor-
lock, a native of San Francisco, aged 5 years
9 months and 17 days.
E7"The funeral will take place to-day
(Wednesday), at 9 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of her parents, 3121 Pierce street. In-
terment Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
SCHEMIT — In this city, December 23, 1901,
Maria B.. beloved wife of the late J. J.
Schemlt, and stepmother of G. E. Bacon and
Mrs. L. A. Sorbier, and aunt of Teresa Bizzi.
a native of Italy, aged 76 years 10 months
and 14 days.
JETFriends and acquaintances are respect- '
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow j
(Thursday), at 10 o'clock, from the Eglise j
de Notre Dame des Victoires (French church).
Bush street, between Dupont and Stockton.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery by electric
car from Eighteenth and Guerreo streets.
SCHLEGEL— In this city. December 24, 1901.
Peter J., beloved husband of Margarethe
Schlegel, and father of Mrs. Marie A. Rein-
ecke, and grandfather of Alfred W. Rein-
ecke, a native of Germany, aged 71 years 10
months and 16 days. (Pittsburgh Pa., papers
please copy.)
Notice of funeral hereafter.
SHERMAN— In Oakland. December 24, 1901,
Richard Mitchell Sherman, a native of Ports-
mouth, R. I., aged 88 years 3 months and 8
days.
(E7Funeral services to-morrow (Thursday),
at 10:30 o'clock, at St. John's Episcopal
Church Oakland. Interment private.
BTEINMETZ— In this city, December 22, 1901.
August Etelnmetz, brother of Sophie Stein-
metz and Teresa Keith, a native of Alsace,
aged 49 years.
(C^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
J. S. Godeau, 305 Montgomery avenue. A
member of Marin Lodge, Ran Rafael. No.
M, I. O. O. F. Interment Laurel Hill Ceme-
tery. .
TAYLOR— In Vallejo, December 23, 1901, An-
drew Taylor, a native of Scotland, aged 32
years and 13 days.
(DTriends and acquaintances are respect-,
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day'
(Wednesday), at 8:45 o'clock, from pier No.
2. Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
MEMBERS of Court Southern Heights No.
1150, I. O. F., are requested to attend the
funeral of Brother Taylor to-day (Wednes-
day), at 8:45 o'clock. Meet at ferry.
H. M. KELLY. C. R.
J. W. HAMILTON.
WHEELER — In the City and County Hospital,
December 24, 1901, Joseph S. Wheeler, a na-
tive of Iowa, aged 55 years.
WHITNEY— In Redlands. Ca!., December 21,
1901, Mary T.. wife of George H. Whitney,
and daughter of William J. and Sarah Flow-
ers, aged 30 years.
Interment Ferndale, Humboldt County,
Cal.
WOLF— In this city, December 23, 1901. Au-
gust, dearly beloved son of Richard and
Anna Wolf, and loving brother of Henry and
Anneta Wolf, and grandson of Henry Rolen,
and nephew of Joseph Roich, a native of
San Francisco, aged 5 years.
(ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
to-morrow (Thursday), at 10 o'clock, at the
residence of his parents, 1419 Powell street.
between Broadway and Vallejo. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
• RUSS HOUSE.
J II Boke. Napa jH J Clinch. NY
G JV Hatch. Cal H Small. Salt Lake
S Young, Amena A J Mason, Chicago
E C Minton, Ohio R Thompson, Ind
B H Tale, Ohio W R Clark & w. Or
W Carrast. Oakland O M Mullen, Cal
R W Bracken. Oaklnd H \V Colie, Newark
J L Parks, Alturas J Reid & w, Antloch
G E Tauman. Crning- E Ilockady & w.Antch
E Hackady & w.King- MrsL E Nlemeyer.Anth
fisber Miss T E Bennett, Cal
Anna Hackady. Kngeh J M Ady & w, Sacto
Roxie Hackadj-, Kngsh M Thorn, Marlposa
J M Wetz. Oakland C Keskeep, Mariposa
P McAndrews. S Louis H S Smith, Petaluma
M S Kanteospher, Can P Kink, Seattle
Mm J "Werner, Wood> J B Scougalt, Chicago
Miss T Werner, Woody C H Harrington, Napa
E Mount, Modesto J Llndeberg, Wash ■
J Wiseman & fm.Wsh C W Williams. Wash
E A Philbrook. Sebstp Mrs G A McCaskill,
H M Hasbrouck. Hldg Dawson
I J TVilkins, Helveden C Miller. Portland
M Jahu & d, Petaluma 'J Perry, Pa
J Gallaway. Rayes |It V Ambbld, Tacoma
W White & w, Hwrds S Toufig. Reno
H Gates. Nome IC P Chamberlain, Nev
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
C Coy. Minnesota Miss A HigKins. Oakld
C Whisler & w. Wash H Langan, lone
Mrs H G Williams & d, B D Berry, S L Oblspo
Illinois L D Kirk, Brooklyn
O McCowan, Wash W Devere & w, Valleo
A J Richardson & w, H K Garvln, Denver
Idaho B Van Wagener, Cisco
W Newell. Idaho C Hansen. Portland
II J Clark & w. Wash|r" Hansen. Pt Richmnd
J A Wilson & w. Sacto !C J McCaffrey, Manila
J M Hoover, Manila \T. Lowroth, Murtinea
G F Uodflfh & w, Cal D McCIcEkey, Donicia
Elisabeth de Pei'c. an Atlanta (Ga.)
younp woman. 5s inakins a. name for her
self in law practice in Chicago. She re
cently won a. case involving real estate
- ■ ■ ■ • v
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, DEClCMiJEK 25, 1901.
BOY SNATCHES
WOMAN'S PURSE
Milton McGIllivray, Only
9 Years Old, Guilty
of Crime.
Mrs. Seare, His Victim, Re
fusss to Make Charge
Against Child.
A nine-year-old boy named Milton Mc-
Gillivray, who gave his residence as 1511
Devisadero street, was arrested last night
on Linden avenue and charged at the City
Prison with "purse • snatching." Mrs.
Sears of 604 Buchanan street is the com
plaining witness and Harry Chappelle,
who resides in the neighborhood, was the
one who effected the boy's arrest.
According to Mrs. Sears' statement to
the police she was passing the Simpson
Memorial Church, when four boys grab
bed her and the lad under arrest pulled
the purse out of her hand. McGillivray
ran away. Mrs. Sears screamed and
Chappelle, who was passing, gave chase.
McGillivray ran around to Buchanan
street and then down Linden avenue,
throwing the purse, which contained
about $15, away in his flight. The purse
with its contents intact was later recov
ered.
Mrs. Sears accompanied the boy and
his captor to the City Prison. She related
her story, but would not make a com
plaint. The lad said that he had been
Induced to snatch the purse by his com
panions. He will be held by the police
until they are caught. A search of the '
neighborhood was made for . the three |
boys last night without avail.
In that vicinity complaints have been
frequent of the conduct of the gang of
boys that make the corner of Grove and |
Buchanan streets their headquarters. The j
police have several times endeavored to \
catch them, but their means of escape are
so many and varied that they have in
most cases successfully evaded capture.
ENGINE CRASHES
INTO A WAGON
Fatal Accident on the
Narrow Gauge Near
Grass Valley.
Little Son of Railway Super
intendent Loughridge
Among the Injured.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
GRASS VALLEY, Dec. 24.— A probably
fatal accident occurred on the narrow
gauge railroad between Grass Valley and
Nevada City this afternoon. A wild en
gine ran into a wagon at a street cross
ing, and as a result a little son of Super
intendent Loughridge is lying in a pre
carious condition with a fractured skull,
while several other persons are nursing
injuries of a more or less serious charac
ter. The disaster was caused by a too
daring driver, who foolishly urged his
horses across the track In front of -a
swiftly approaching locomotive.
Railroad Superintendent Loughridge
and his little son, In company with Eu
gene Clark and James Drennan, were
riding on the cowcatcher of the engine.
When the point was reached where the
county road crosses the track at Gold
Flat, the locomotive ran Into a brewery
wagon, throwing the men and boy off the
engine. " •
Little Kidder Loughridge was the most
seriously injured. He is said to have
been hurled a distance of thirty feet over
a fence, and in falling he struck on his
head. Clark was not badly injured.
James Drennan received a bad cut over
the eye. Superintendent Loughridge was
severely bruised.
The man who was driving the wagon
was employed by the Hieronimous Brew
ery in Nevada City. He was considerably
bruised.
WERI" OFFERED TITLES
BUT REFUSED THEM
Men Who Elected to Leave the Be
stowal of Their Honors
to Posterity.
Not all Englishmen are seeking titles of
nobility. At least there have been many
subjects of the crown who might have
worn coronets, but declined to accept
them for varying reasons that were at
least sufficient to themselves, says the
Chicago Chronicle. The late William
EwartSGladstone was a notable example
of the latter order of humanity, for the
peerage which time after time was held
out to him was always rigidly rejected;"
Swinburne might have had a "Sir" be
fore his name had he chosen to accept the
baronetcy which was offered him some
years ago, but with true democratic in
dependence he refused to accept a title
which; after all, could do little to en
hance his fame.
Similarly Mr. Watts, R. A., whose pic
tures are known the wide world over,
could have ranked with Lord" Leigh ton
had not he stoutly asserted his objection
to titles and elected to remain as he was.
Lord Tennyson, when | first approached
on the question of accepting a peerage,
was strongly . opposed to the idea, but
eventually succumbed to the offer on the
ground that his son would inherit the
title and that he was therefore justified
in taking it.
It is rumored that the late Professor
Huxley was offered a knighthood by Mr.
Gladstone— an offer which , was politely
but firmly declined. A similar honor was
proposed to his distinguished contem
porary. Professor Tyndall, and was also
declined without hesitation.
It is an open secret that Charles Dick
ens might have added the word "Bart"
to his illustrious name had he chosen to
do so. . -
A few years before the demise of Verdi
the illustrious composer, the late King
Humbert sent for the maestro and of
fered him a dukedom in recognition of
his services to music. Verdi refused the
gracious offer with dignified courtesy,
whereupon the King /admitted that he
was quite right.
"For," said his Majesty, "all the 1 titles
in Italy could not make you greater than
you are."
Fireflies for Illumination.
The Cuban firefly has been declared by
two American professors to be the cheap
est form cf illumination yet discovered.
The deduction from their Investigations
would seem to be that all present meth
ods of house illumination . may In time
give way to that of utilizing the phos
phorescence of insects. French scientists
have already been at work along the
same line, and it has been- proved possi
ble to read by firefly light.
The contention of Professors S. P
Langley and F. W. Very is that it is pos
sible to produce light without heat other
than that in the light itself. They say
that this Is already accomplished by na
ture's processes, and that these are
cheaper in economy of energy and conse
quently of cost than our Industrial ones
in a degree hitherto unrealized. They ex
plain how the waste in illuminating power
in present methods of lighting is very
excessive, exceeding in some cases -99
parts in the 100, so that for trie energy
expended at least one hundred times more
light should in theory be obtainable than
wo actually get by the usual methods of
illumination. : ' :^-^:\* ■'
In their experiments with phosphores
cence th« wrofessors used the Cuban fire
fly. Pyrophoras noctilucus. which has a
length of ahotit an inch and a half, with
a width of half an inch, and is provided
with three light reservoirs— two in the
thorax and one in the abdomen.
BURGLARS BUSY
IN THE MISSION
Housebreakers Are Ply
ing Their Trade With
" Much Success.
Miss Riley. Believes Thieves
Chloroformed Her Before
Looting Gems. _>
The residents of the Mission are con
siderably alarmed over a series of bur
glaries committed during the past two
weeks. In nearly every case the house
breakers secured valuable booty, consist
ing principally of jewelry. Saturday night
the residence of J. A. Riley; at 2733 How
ard street, was entered while the family
was asleep and a lot of jewelry, $150 in
coin and a lady's cloak were stolen. An
entrance was effected by prying open a
rear window with a "jimmy." Miss Kiley,
who lost heavily by the burglary, believes
that the burglar chloroformed her before
ransacking the house. !
-"I am an unusually light sleeper," re
marked Miss Kiley last-night when telling
of the burglary, "and the fact that I was
not awakened leads me to believe that the
housebreakers chloroformed me before
they proceeeded to gather what valuables
they could lay their hands on. . When I
was awakened in the morning by one of
my relatives and informed of the visit of
the burglars I felt a dizziness in my head,
and at ance concluded that some powerful
drug had been administered 'tcf me while I
slept. Not a room in the house was over
looked by the burglars. They even en
tered the kitchen and, strange to say,
stole a roll of butter which had been left
on the table. My brother's shoes were
also taken from under his bed. After ap
propriating .my jewel-case they took it
down- stairs and forced it open. For some
reason they did not take a valuable gold
buckle which was in the box. Altogether
they secured three gold and -two silver
watches, a lady's cloak, $150 in money and
some other articles of value." .
Miss Riley is satisfied that the burglars
who robbed her home are the same men
who entered the residence of J. Dowd, at
2713 Howard street, a short time ago and
got away with a lot' of jewelry and cloth
ing. ■
Captain Seymour and his men are dili
gently striving to capture the bold house
breakers, but thus far their efforts have
been unsuccessful. • -.----•
During the past two weeks • at least a
half-dozen houses in the vicinity of the
home of Miss Riley have been broken
into and valuable property stolen. From
the clever way the burglars work the po
lice are satisfied that they are expert
housebreakers.
POLITICS AND RELIGION
IN NORTH CAROLINA
Colored Brother Expelled Appeals to
the Courts for Rein
statement.
A strange case has been brought before
the Supreme Court of North Carolina by
a colored citizen of that State, who seeks
to be reinstated as a member of a church
which ■ had expelled him for voting- the
Democratic ticket. The plaintiff pleads
that the offense charged was not of a suf
ficiently heinous character to justify such,
a serious, form of disciplining. He asks
that his standing in the church be re
stored and that a precedent be thus es
tablished which 'would clearly define the
political rights of a church member.
No doubt the petitioner makes a strong
case, though of course from this distant
point of view we can scarcely estimate
the enormity of the offense as charged.
It" may be possible that from the stand
point of the North Carolina colored breth
ren voting a Democratic ticket is th©
eighth deadly sin. If so, it is difficult to
understand- why »- this expelled . sinner
wants to get back into, such a hostile
camp. They can never feel the -true broth
erly love for a black sheep whom the law
forces back into their select fold.
In short, if this North Carolina plaintiff
is looking for trouble of the liveliest and
most persistent sort he will find it ready
for immediate -harvesting if the Supreme
Court grants his petition.
. , Paper by the Sea.
The Monterey Cypress came out the
other day with the following editorial an
nouncement—its last— made by John C.
Handcock, who, in Its publisher's notice,
designated himself as "editor, undertaker
and executor for a week." ,
R. I. P.
DIED. — To-day, at Monterey, Cal., The
Cypress, aged 12 years. Funeral private; only
the immediate friends invited; and owing 1 to
the condition of the remains interment will
take place at as early an hour aa ! possible.
Services in charge of John C. Handcock oi
East Brady, Pa.
i_ "A precious one from us has gone,
A voice we loved Is stilled."
* . • *!
Yes, The Cypress is dead.
It made a brave struggle for existence,
but finally had to succumb, and this is the
last issue. (Sobs from .office cat.)
J. Faunt LeRoy, who for the past five
months has been furnishing the necessary
gray matter " for its " columns, got dis
heartened or a job last week, threw up
his lease on the plant and left suddenly
for the city without providing a successor.
The undersigned, who, with wife and
baby, was dreaming . away a delightful
vacation amid historic scenes, fragrant
flowers and bright sunshine here by the
sea, and escaping the rigors of a Penn
sylvania winter, was enlisted to take
charge of the paper until other arrange
ments could be made. ■
No one was found brave enough to
tackle the job of infusing new life in The
Cypress,' after its experience' under the
management of the parties to whom it
was leased, so it was decided to discon
tinue its publication after this issue and
remove the plant hence. (More sobs
from o. c.)
Twelve years ago the paper was started
with fairly bright prospects; and under
Messrs. Michaelis and Mr. Brown's man
agement • proved a success. During the
past ■ ten months, however, frequent
changes in editors have taken place, and
finally the paper reached a point where it
could not pay expenses. •
Despite the fact that one of the hardest
business enterprises to kill , is a country
weekly newspaper, in this case a new
pilot ready to risk himself on Monterey's
uncertain journalistic sea could not be
found, and The Cypress is allowed to join
the ranks of so many more of Monterey's
past enterprises that have flourished for
a time only to wither and fade away,
leaving behind the memory of hopes, def
ferred and ambitions and alms unrealized
(Sobs.) , .
To the friends and patrons who have
stood by the paper through every emer
gency It is a pleasure to extend sincere
thanks and wish them life-long success
and • happiness.
The enemies are left to square them
selves with :their own consciences.
All subscriptions paid in> advance will
be refunded. Bills for amounts due on ad
vertising, subscriptions and job work will
be presented . and prompt settlements are
requested so that ■ the business can be
closed up forthwith.
Let us cast a rose and drop a tear on
the grave of the defunct Cypress, and re
member it for the good it did do and
would have done had fate been more kind
JOHN C. HANDCOCK. '
Ancient Egyptian Campaign.
That Egypt and France held intercourse
as early as 4000 B. C. is proved by the
marked resemblance of Inscriptions found
in the two countries. The excavations of
Professor Flinders Petrie have brought to
light evidence of an^extremely ancient
movement between the land of the Pha
raohs and the. countries bordering on the
Mediterranean.. .; . \. ' . \ ■
This communication, like all other great
invasions of history, had its origin in an
effort at trade extension. The great wars
of the eighteenth. Egyptian dynasty were
provoked by .surrounding nations jealous
of Egypt's growing wealth and power. In
retaliation Egypt carried the campaign
Into. Asia and Europe, and, judging from
the inscriptions mentioned, must have
pushed as far west as France.
Professor Petrie has in his possession a
series of figures found in Malta and
neolithic remains from Brassennuoy in
France which are beyond chance of doubt
the work of Egyptians. - They establish
intercourse long before the period which
is generally recognized as the beginning
of the history of the countries of Europe.
EDNA SETTLES
WITH THOMAS
Actress Arranges^ Her
Financial Affairs in
, ; Chicago.^- /
Brother of Hopper's JjFormer
• Wife Relinquish^; His
;01aim.'.^ ;.:-
CHICAGO, Dec. 21.— ThoWs '-^Wallace,
the only brother of Edna Wallace Hop
per, the actress, and a joint heir with her
to a fortune of over $200,000, to-day relin
quished his claim to the estate for 1500
cash and a promise of $100 a month dur
ing his life. The negotiations were car
ried on secretly at the Auditorium Annex,
and as soon as the agreement was signed
Miss Hopper, with her attorney, returned
to New York," Just twenty-four hours
after they arrived in Chicago.
Thomas Wallace has lived in Chicago
for years and is engaged in the saloon
business. Mrs. Wallace, the mother, after
being, a widow for many years, married
A. L. „ Dunsmuir, the marriage taking
place after Edna Wallace was divorced
from De Wolf Hopper. A few weeks
after the marriage Dunsmuir died, leav
ing his wife the entire estate.
Soon after Edna Wallace Hopper an
nounced she would never marry again as
long as her mother was living, and while
she was preparing for a visit with her she
received word of her mother's death. When
the will was probated it was found that
Mrs. Dunsmuir had left the bulk of her
fortune to her daughter ana $50,000 to her
son, to be paid to him when he reacned
the. age of 45 years. Since the death of
his mother Thomas Wallace has fre
quently appealed to his sister for assist
ance.
Peeling that some kind ' of agreement
should be made with her brother Miss
Hopper came to Chicago, accompanied
by her attorney. The party arrived at
the Auditorium Annex last night. Thomas
Wallace met them at the hotel and at the
end of a long conference a stenographer
was called and an agreement dictated by
which he relinquished his interest to his
sister for the consideration named.
KING'S HEAD ON NEW COINS
WILL LOOK TO THE RIGHT
British Mint Designs for New Sover
eign's Coinage Must Be Reverse
of Previous Reign.
King Edward VII must look to the
right. That Is the law of the mint. His
mother of glorious memory looked to the
left, and British gold, coins are alterna
tive in designs. William IV. looked to
the right on the pieces the mint issued in
his reign, George IV. to the left, George
III to the right, and so on back through
many royal reigns.
The mint says also that the monarch's
portrait must be in profile. The rest, so
far as choice in .designs goes, is left lo
the sovereign's taste, with the particular
reservation that he or she may not wear
the Wreath of Victory until the army or
navy wins laurels for the reign. William
IV heads do not show the wreath. Wil
liam's commanders had not the precise
opportunity while he was on the throne,
but both George III and George IV wore
it on their coins, and so did Victoria the
Good until the Jubilee of 1887, when the
designers substituted the veil and the
crown. ' • • . "• !
Whether Edward VII heads may wear
the wreath or not rests at present with
Kitchener. If he brings South Africa to
order before the • mint has prepared new
designs to ■ put before the King his
Majesty- shall have a wreath. He shall
wear a crown" at : any ' rate, If he so
chooses, for that, is a point quite at his
Majesty's discretion. And the "tails"
side of his pieces shall be as he decides.
The King may have an opportunity to
make his influence felt in the -interest of
the decimal system. Already the London
dailies are suggesting this. In an edito
rial the Mail says:
"In almost every country of the world,
certainly in every progressive country
outside the British Empire, the decimal
system long since has replaced the
clumsy and elaborate duodecimal of
other days. Several even among our col
onies have anticipated the mother coun
try in the part of monetary reform. Can
ada, for instance, has. had the decimal
system for more than forty years. Eng
land, however, with that curious con
servatism for which she is so famous,
and which led her to set her face against
electric traction, automobiles and the
cheap telephone uptil her competitors had
gained an immense lead, still' lags be
hind.
"The advantages of the decinial system
are obvious; its disadvantages mainly
sentimental. Its adoption would simplify
arithmetic immensely and the keeping of
accounts. Surely the example, of the
whole civilized world must lead us to
feel some doubt as to the wisdom of
clinging obstinately to our duodecimals."
Even Russia, it seems, which almost is
prehistoric in some things, is to have the
decimal system of money in operation
soon. St. Petersburg, Moscow and other
large cities in the Czar's domain are just
beginning with it,..and In .five years the
Minister of Finance intends it 'shall be in
operation throughout the empire.
Any change will come slowly, however,
for the present circulation of Victorian
coinage is tremendous, far beyond- the
possibility of a general "call in." The
pieces will disappear gradually as they
wear out.
Popular Fallacies as to Anesthetics.
The uneducated may be excused for
their errors as to medical facts, and es
pecially as to anesthetics, but one's smiles
are likely to become cynical when writ
ers of fiction make blunders worse than
those of the people for whom they write.
Often, indeed, fiction it really is! We
read, for Instance, of murderers putting
chloroform beneath the doors of the
sleeping room of their victims, of robbers
waving a handkerchief beneath the nose
of people asleep or awake and thus ren
dering them non-resistant In an instant.
Of couse, it iff not a Kipling or a Zola
who thus misses it in "getting up his
facts," or in the accuracy of his "local
color," but it is curious how indifferent
to accuracy writers are who should know
better and who might so easily learn the
truth. The ease with which, in a hun
dred ways, lay writers go wrong as to
medical matters should • sometimes make
them more wary. Any book on surgery
or anesthetics, or any physician, would
in a few minutes save the novelist his
ludicrous blunders. So much nonsense
has also been written ■; or told about -the
betrayal of secrets or the use of bad lan
guage by patients under an anesthetic
that many women are now positively
morbid minded about this, and would pre
fer atrocious suffering and danger rather
than take ether. "Did I act or talk bad
ly?" is often asked by patients upon
awaking, and with a pathetic fright that
tells how the mind has been fixed on this
rather than the operation. We have no
doubt that "operation was is
often explained by the Inhibition of this
hysteric notion.— American Medical Jour
nal.:
Queer Case of Healing.
Under the heading "A True. Story" the
Denver Medical Times tells- the follow
ing: ' ■ • ■ . ' . ,
"In the city of Denver there lives an
old veteran with a wooden leg. One of
his near neighbors is a female 'Christian
Scientist,' who is de facto a 'healer.' She
had remarked the old man's imperfect
gait, 1 and at once set about on the sly
to effect a cure, a la Mrs. Eddy: ,'No such
thing as a leg; hence, no such thing as a
limp. Avaunt, limp, , thou delusion of
mortal mind!' ■ ■ - . : •
"What was the healer's joyful surprise
a few mornings later when she beheld
our militant friend passing by with
scarcely a sign of a limp. She eagerly
hailed him on his return and said: 'Oh,
my dear Mr. Blank, I have been con
stantly .thinking and praying for your
recovery, and it. appears that my prayers
have been' answered. Now, what do you
think of Christian Science?' -
"The old warrior stared, reddened,
grinned and replied: 'Wai, marm, you
see my old wooden- leg was mighty nigh
worn- out an'; wobbled considerably, but
this new piece, o' timber that I got yes
terday goes a' d^mslte better.' " • ■
It is in favor of the Christian Scientist
that she: gave her professional ■ services
free, at any rate. ,..
Holiday Fun and Folly
y^~^«&\ Too much of a good thing!
ifK >^/ - *^?^ That's what we are all lia-
}£ Q v^/ '^ e *° * a k e during a holi-
'^^r^™^*!p:> JpC\ day season. Healthy, jolly
\ ' >, people will do it and make
■J^V^^^^f - themselves sick. "In time
jml y^j. / J °f peace prepare for war,"
/^ll^^^^ " ave about the house a
f rfiiP*T BBW *^ill§Er — "> Peasant, perfect, palatable,
J^^S^.'L—^^^S^^ positive medicine for sour
— stomach, sick headache,
V colic, winds, belching, bili-
ousness, furred tongue, lazy liver, constipation, bad
breath; bad taste, all liable to result from holiday over-
indulgence. Cascarets Candy Cathartic is what you
want; a tablet after a big meal will prevent sickness, or
a tablet at night before going to bed, after a good time,
will fix you all right for morning, and let you get up
clear as a bell, ready for business or pleasure.
/iSvilATl fttrv Best for the Bowels. All druggists, xec, 35c, 50c. Never sold in balk.
iwfyV^VWvval The g enu * n e tablet stamped C C C. Guaranteed to cure or your
„ gr money back. Sample ind booklet free. Address
' . Sterling Remedy Company, Chicago or N«w York. IS
SAY AND BIVEB STEAMERS.
FOR U, S. NAVY YARD AND VALLEJO
Steamers GEN. FRISBIE or MONTICELLO
0:45 r. m., 3:15 and 8:30 p. m., except Sun-
day. Sunday, 0:45 a. m., 8:30 p. m. Leaves
Vallejo 7 a. m., 12:30 noon, 6 p. m., except
Sunday. Sunday, 7 a. m., 4:15 p. m. Fare 60
cents. TeleDhone Main 1608. Landing and
offlce. pier 2, Mission-street dock. HATCH
BROS.
MAY INCREASE
WAGES OF ALL
Railroad Managers Talk
of Rates Paid to
Employes.'
Inequality of Eastern and
Western Schedules
Considered.
CHICAGO, Dec. 24.— At a special meet
ing of the General Managers' Association
held here to-day a movement was started
which may' result in a general increase in
the wages of trainmen, englnemen, fire
men and switchmen on all big railroad
systems east of Chicago.
The meeting was called at the request
of the Pennsylvania Company, the cause
being the coal shortage In Chicago and
other cities, shortage of cars and the con
gested condition of traffic in general. The
coal situation, however, was the moving
cause for the meeting and a discussion re
garding it led to a canvass of the entire
situation.
In the opinion of the majority of the
general managers the general congestion
is due in a measure to inefficiency of the
service rendered by i employes, and this
view led to a discussion of the' labor, and
wage situation from a railroad standpoint.
Although no formal resolution was passed
upon the subject it was generally agreed
that' a raise in the wages of employes
would do much toward stimulating them
to better work, which in turn would help
relieve congested conditions as well as to
prevent them.
Attention was called, to the fact that
the wages of operating employes of rail
roads are from 10 to 12 per cent higher,
taking the average as a whole, west ol
Chicago than they are east. The inequal
ity is due to conditions in the 'early days
of railroading when It cost a great deal
more to live in the West than it did -in
the East and when railroading west of
Chicago meant taking big chances. The
general managers of Chicago are of the
opinion that now is the time to make a
concerted action to even up wages all
over the country. An effort will be made,
it Is said, to induce the managements of
the Eastern lines to grant such increases
In wages as will bring them on a parity
with the wages paid in the West. Should
this be brought about several hundred
thousand men will be granted increases
and the pay rolls of the Eastern roads,
taken as a whole, will be Increased sev
eral million dollars.
GENERAL LYTLE'S POEM
I AM DYING, EGYPT, DYING
Was Written in 1858 and Not oa the
Eve of Chickamauga as
Often Published. !
'it has been often published, and Is gen
erally believed, that the famous poem, be
ginning, "I am dying. Egypt, dying," wa3
written by General W. H. Lytle, the night
before he was killed at Chlckamauga in
1863, and was found on his body at his
death. According to the Courier-Journal
this is not true.
At a meeting of the Fllson Club, a his
torical society, in Louisville a short time
ago, Colonel Durrett, the president, stat
ed that he remembered to have read the
poem in the Cincinnati Commercial In
1858. Colonel J. Stoddard Johnston re
membered to have seen it in print before
the battle of Perryville, where General
Lytle was wounded. Captain Pirtle^who
was within arms' length of General Lytle
when he was wounded at Chlckamauga7
had talked with him about the poem and
heard f rcra him an account of the cir
cumstances under which it . was written.
"It was first printed in the Cincinnati
Commercial on July 20, 1S58."
This settle's the story as to the well
known poem's having been written and
found at Chickamauga, but the discussion
brought out another fact which explains
the persistent story. A poem was found
in General Lytle's pocketbook after his
death, which has never been published.
It was entitled. "Company K," and Cap
tain Plrtle read it to the Filson Club re
cently. There is no doubt that this poem
has been confounded with the earlier one.
"The incident," the Courier-Journal re
marks, shows the usefulness of such organ
izations as the Filson Club, where histori
cal papers are subjected to rigid discus
sion, and air the Information obtainable
upon a given point Is brought out, when
necessary to correct erroneous state
ments." „
If the Courier-Journal pleases, we sug
gest that it use its influence now to have
the club determine, finally, and beyond
apepai, -at its next session, who wrote
"All Is quiet along the Potomac," and
when? ;
Beet Sugar in Spain.
Since the loss of her colonies Spain has
made rapid progress in the development
of her home industries, especially in the
production of beet sugar. Consul Hugnea
of Coburg reports that Spain in 1898 im
ported 748,724 pounds of sugar, but that
In 1899 ! she received from abroad only
20,346 "pounds. In 1000 she imported prac
tically nothing in that line, and the prob
ability is that she will soon be an ex
porter. • And this Is reminiscent of the
claim, that the extensive growing of sugar
beets in other countries Is about to glut
the world's sugar markets; 'Mr. Hughe3
adds:- ."The European producing lands
are Germany, Austria, Russia. France
Belgium. Holland, Sweden, Denmark,
Servla, Burgaria, Roumania. Switzerland
Italy. Greece and Spain. Persia Is just
entering the field; Egypt is realizing that
her soil Is adapted to the cultivation of
the beet; the .United States is* pressing
them all, with Argentina and Chile try-
Ing to follow in her footsteps."
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
Steamers leave Broadway
Ighk^. Wharf, San Francisco:
fttfsS'Vjfc. For Alaskan ports — 11 a.
ESli^vW. m - Dec - "• 27> Jan< **
RlIvE i £sH1 Change to company's Bteain-
I^LgfcSval ers at Seattle.
! IsImCScliII For Victoria. Vancouver (B.
0**csHmgKJM c.). Port Townsend, Seattle,
»*• Tacoma, Everett and New
Wi "8% Whatcom (Wash.) — 11 a. m.,
Dec. 2 7, 12 17. 22. 27, Jan. L Change at Se»
attle for this company's steamers for Alaska
and G. N. Ry. : at Seattle or Tacoma for N.
P. Ry.; at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay) — 1:39 p. m..
Dec. 3, 8, 13, 18. 23. 28, Jan. 2.
For San Diego, stopping only at Santa Bar-
bara. Port Lob Angeles and Redondo (Los An«
feles) — Steamer Santa Rosa, Sundays, 9 a. m,
teamer State of Cal.. "Wednesdays. 9 a. m.
For Los Angeles, calling at Santa Crux
Monterey, San Simeon, Cayucos. Port Harfont
(San Luis Oblspo), Gavlota, Santa Barbara,
Ventura, Hueneme, East San Pedro. San PedM
and Newrort— Steamer Corona, Saturdays, i
For" Ensenada, Magdalena Bay. San Jose del
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz. Santa Rosa-
lia and Guaymas (Mex.)— 10 a. m., 7th of each
month.
For further Information obtain the com-
pany's folders. .
The comsany reserves the right to change
steamers, sailing days and hours of sailing?
without previous notice.
TICKET OFFICE — 4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agents,
10 Market St.. San Francisco.
SPECIAL
Excursion Rates
— TO —
Ports in Mexico.
A delightful Winter Trip. Only $C0. Includ-
ing Meals and Berth. Pacific Coast Steamship
Company's Steamer Curacao, sailing from San
Francisco January "th. due back January 27th,
will call at the following Mexican ports: En-
senada, Magdalena Bay. San Jose del Cabo.
Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz, Santa Rosalia and
Guaymas.
For further particulars inquire at Ticket
Offlce, No. 4 New Montgomery St., or No. 10
Market St., San Francisco.
<X R. & IV. CO.
Only Steamalilp Iilna «o
PORTLAND, Or.,
And Short Rail Line from Portland to all
points East. Through Tickets to all
points, all rail op steamship and rail, at
LOWEST KATES.
STEAMER TICSET3 INCLUDE BEETHaad MEAM.
SS. COLUMBIA Sails.. Dec. 24, Jan. 3, 13. 23
SS. GEO. W. ELDER
Sails Dec. 29. Jan. 8, 13, 28
Steamer sails from foot of Spear st., 11 a. m.
D. W. HITCHCOCK, Gen. Agt.. 1 Monts'y.S.F.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, at 1 p. m..
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (HIoko), Nagasaki and Shanghai and
connecting at Hongkorg with steamers for
India, etc. No cargo received on board on
day of laillns.
SS. AMERICA MARU
Saturday, January 4th. 1903
SS. HONGKONG MARU
Thursday. January 30th. 1903
SS. NIPPON MARU
Tuesday, 'February 25th. 1902
Hound-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's office,
421 Market street, corner First. ? '}
W. H. AVERT. General Agent.
AMERICAN LINE-
new YORK. SOUTHAMPTON, L0NDQ5, PAKIS.
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York Wr^nesdays at 10 a. m.
St. Paul Jan. II Philadelphia ...Jan. 22
Zeeland Jan. s[St. Paul Jan. 29
St. Louis Jan. 15 1 St. Louis., Feb. 5
RED STAR LINE.
New York and Antwerp.
.From New York Wednesdays at 12 noon.
Haverford Jan. llSouthwark ....Jan. 23
Zeeland Jan. S Vaderland Jan. 21*
Frlesland Jan. 151 Kensington ....Feb. 9
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO..
CIIAS. D. TAYLOR.
General Agent Pacific Coast, 30 Montgomery st.
PACIFIC STEAM NAVIGATION CO.
And Cia Sad Americana de Vaoores
To Valparaiso, stopping at Mexican. Central
and South American ports. Sailing from How-
ard 3. Pier 10, 12 m.
SANTIAGO Jan. 7JPERU
LOA I
These steamers are built expressly for Cen-
tral and South American passenger service.
(No change at Acapulco or Panama). Freight
and passenger offlce. 316 California, street.
BALFOUR. GUTHRIE & CO.. Gen. Agents.
PANAMA R. R, !I S"
TO NEW YORK VIA PANAMA OlREQr.
Cabin, J105; Steerage. *40; Meals Free.
6. S. Argyll raits Tuesday, Jan. 21
S. S. Leelanaw mils ffTondny. Feb 3
S. S.Argy'I 'nit* Monday. JVar. 3
From Howard-street wharf at 2 p. m.
Freight and Passenger Office, 330 Market st.
F. F. CONNOR. Pacific Coast Agent.
ftdtpanf ■> !£ i*a iWK * u ' 5WK0S « stl>
UCCCIIIIC5.5.10, gBjMfflS
SS. SONOMA, for Honolulu, Samoa, Auckland
and Sydney.... Thursday. Dec. 26 10 a. m.
SS. AUSTRALIA, for Tahiti.
Jan. 4. '02, 10 a m.
ES. ALAMEDA. for Honolulu
Saturday. Jan. 4. '02. 2pm
i. D.SPStCXELS k CHOS. CU J Genera, ftgsnts, 327 lartn 51
fion'l Passengar Offies, 643 W St., Per Is. 1. Pacific SI '
C0HPA6NI2 GEHEBAI.3 TBAHSATLAHTIQE3
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS
Sailing every Thursday. Instead ot .'/JftJoHh
Saturday, at 1Q a. m., from pier -tl, w/lfiJial
North River, foot of Morton street.
First class to Havre, $70 and upward. Second
class to Havre. $45 and UDward. GENER \L
AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES and CAN-
ADA. 32 Broadway (Hudson buHdine). Xew
York. J. F. FCGAZI & CO.. Pacifte Coast
Ajrents. 5 Montgomery avenue. San Francisco.
Tickets sold by all Railroad Ticket Agents.
THE WEEKLY CALL.
$1 per Year.
1112
FRANCHISE HAS
LONGER TO RUN
Error as to Expiration
of the Geary-Street
Privilege.
Correct Date Is November 6,
1903, Instead of April
13, 1902.
In taking the preliminary steps for the
acquisition of the Geary-street road by
the municipality, the Board of Supervis
ors was detected in serious error yester
day, which may render nugatory for the
time being any possibility of consummat
ing tlie project. The error consists in
figuring that the franchise granted to the
owners of the road expires on April 13,
1902, when in fact it will not expire until
November 6, 1903, or exactly one year,
six months and twenty-three days later
than the date reckoned upon by the
Board of Supervisors.
The history of street railroad franchises,
published by authority of the Board of
Supervisors and containing a digest of
all the ordinances granting rights of way
to various street railroad companies, dis
closes the fact that by ordinance number
1469, passed November 6. 1S78, a franchise
was granted to Charles Main, Reuben
Morton, S. C. Bigelow, James McCord,
William Eppelsheimer, C. F. McDermott
and Thomas R. Hayes, in terms as fol
lows :
The Geary-Street Franchise.
Commencing: at the intersection of the west
erly line of Keamy street with Geary street,
and running thence westerly along Geary streec
to Central avenue; thence along Point I>obos
avenue to First avenue; thence alon»: First
avenue to the park. Franchise twenty-five
years from November ti, .1878. Cars to be
moved by horses dV by wire cables moved by
stationary steam engines. License tax $15 per
annum upon each car used. Rate of fare not
to exceed 5 cents; rate of speed not to exceed
eight miles per hour.
It will be noted that the language of
the ordinance specifically states that the
franchise expires twenty-five years from
November 6, 1&7S, which would make the
date of expiration November 6. 1903.
The mistake of figuring on the expira
tion of the franchise as April 13, 1902,
originated from the fact that a previous
ordinance, numbered 1352. was adopted on
April 13, 1877, granting a franchise to C.
T. Deane, William Eppelsheimer, C. H.
Stanyan, W. W. Morrow, George K. Por
ter and Zenas Crowell to operate street
cars along the same right of way as
granted in the subsequent ordinance, but
■with the two blocks from Keamy to
Stockton eliminated therefrom. The own
ers of the read realized that their fran
chise would be of greater value if the
road should run to Keamy street, so the
assigns, in their second application for
the privilege, included the two blocks
named, which were incorporated in the
later franchise passed November 6, 1878.
which superseded the one granted April
13, 1877. The latter franchise was in fact
nullified by the adoption of the ordinance
granting the amended franchise.
City Attorney Asked for Opinion.
After all these years the City Attorney
has been called upon to determine
the power to grant the amended fran
chise in 1S7S, since it was for practically
the same route as that granted by the
franchise of 1S77 with only the addition
of the two blocks between Keamy and
Stockton. Should the City Attorney de
cide that the second franchise covers only
the two blocks named and the first fran
chise the rest of the route, the munici
pality would ftill have to wait more than
a year and a half to use the roadway be
tween Keamy and Stockton streets.
HIS FEIXOW-DIRECTORS
PRESENT HIM WITH CLOCTK
Captain W. H. Taylor, President of
the Hisdon Iron Works, Recipi
ent of Rich Gift.
. Captain W. H. Taylor, president of the
Risdon Iron Works, was the recipient of
a magnificent Dur.fee clock at the hands
of the directors yesterday. Captain Tay
lor's popularity as man and official of one
of the largest iron works on the Pac'fic
Coast is as marked among the directors
as It is among the employes, and the gifc
was a Christmas expression of the appre
ciation in which he is held by his asso
ciates. The presentation speech was made
by Frank G. Drum, and when Captain
Taylor responded he was warmly applaud
ed. The presentation was a complete sur
prise to the recipient, and proved to be a
happy incident for all concerned.
Friendly Suit Filed.
The suit filed by Henry Eggeling,
guardian of Henry Nieman Jr., against
Mrs. Louisa Franz, formerly Mrs. Louisa
Nieman, notice of which was published
In The Call a few days ago, is of a friend
ly nature and is brought to establish prop
erty rights. The property was bequeathed
to Eggeling's ward by the late Henry
Kieman. and the suit is necessary to' es
tablish the young man's claim.
Chief Clerk Jerome Improving.
E. B. Jerome, chief clerk In the Cus
tom-house, has been declared out of dan
ger by his physicians. His condition Is
bo much improved that he will be able to
be out of the house in a week if the glad,
warm sunshine of the Christmastide con
tinues. He will not be strong enough to
tesume his duties for two or three weeks
fcfter that time.
sweetest, most healthful biscuit, cake
and bread, Royal Baking Powder is
1 n C\ 1 n I (^ 1 n i m i^i y* tyi cj iz i ti o* *
X v*ll lllCUVUlg^. There are imitation, baking powders,, made
from alum and sold cheap, which it is prudent
•OYAL BAKING POWDER CO.. 100 WILLIAM ST.. NEW voatc
■ . . ' ' ■ ' ■ ■ "■'" ..''.■ •' ■ '' ' ■
UNCLE GEORGE BROMLEY IN THE ROLE
OF SANTA CLAUS AT THE TRUMBO HOME
Aged Clubman Distributes -•Gifts at a Christmas Eve Party
Given in Accordance With the Custom of the Genial
Colonel — Some Delightful Events of the Closing Year
UNCLE GEORGE BROMLEY was
in his element at the Christmas
party given last evening by Col
onel and Mrs. Isaac Trumbo at
their residence, 1533 Sutter street.
He was Santa Claus and he filled the
part to perfection. Uncle George had no
mustache to deceive the little ones or
their parents. He handed out gifts with
such a "glad hand" that the recipients
were unable to refuse them. The aged
clubman had a merry word for all. The
winsome miss, the small boy who has be
come dubious about the man who comes
down the ! chimney and the older folks
who recall their own days of blissful ig
norance accepted from him presents of
all kinds.
He was the accepted representative of
Colonel Trumbo and his beautiful wife.
They had devoted the past week choosing
presents for their friends that would be
appreciated. ' "
. In • giving his delightful party Colonel
Trumbo simply followed a custom he in
augurated many years ago. His home
has always been thrown' open on Christ
mas eve. Last night from 9 o'clock until
midnight the guests dropped in to par
take of his hospitality. Among the friends
who called were artists of ability, who
I rendered sweet songs and musical selec
tions.
At 9 'o'clock 'the carol ' singers of St.
Luke's Church stood outside the bril
liantly lighted windows and sang "Noel."
At the conclusion of the song the chor
isters were invited in and made glad with
presents and refreshments. The Knick
erbocker quartet and the Bohemian trio
also rendered selections. Ossie Franks,
the well known tenor, scored his usual
success with his pleasing melodies. Louis
Butler recited, as did also Airs. Nellie
±ioibrook-iSllnn.
Mistletoe hung from every chandelier,
and it proved dangerous lor belles to
stand beneath the bough.
une magnmcent collection of paintings
owned by the Trumbos were hung and
the guests enjoyed viewing them. There
were canvases from the brush of Millet,
Jules ijupree, Messinier, Bonheur and
others, 'ihey represent scenes of every
description;
Mrs. Trumbo proved a delightful host
ess. She made every one feel at home
and entertained the guests. She was at
• tired in a magnificent gown of pink.
• * •
A banquet was given last night at the
Palace Hotel by Mr. Gaston of the Met
ropolitan Life Insurance Company, 419
California street. At 7 o'clock the guests
assembled in the maple room annex
where covers were laid for twenty guests.
The gentlemen present were principally
insurance men from the East, for whom
Mr. Gaston decided to provide a merry
Christmas. The guests left the festive
board at a late hour, voting Mr. Gaston
a royal host.
• * . * .
The Bella Vista was the scene of much
pleasure last evening. A delightful mu
sical programme by the guests, together
with a Christmas tree and dancing, com
prised the festivities.
Some private dinner parties will be
given to-day.
• * *
A delightful Christmas tree party was
given by the Misses Gracie and Viola
Frank and Master Stanley Frank on Fri
day afternoon last at their residence,
1433 McAllister street, at which they en
tertained a number of their young friends.
The house was prettily decorated with
evergreens and Christmas berries, and a
pleasant afternoon was passed, games be
ing Indulged in and dainty refreshments
served. Those present were:
Miss Edna Mangels, Alvina Kohlbecker,
Ruth Hosmer, Eva Bolton, Georgia Jackson,
Joele Williams, Olive Parker. Fannie Thomp
son, Judith Rosenfelt, Alice Robinson, Lucille
Bret, Genevleve Martfll; Masters Henry and
Willie Mangels. Raymond and Edwin Schubert,
Marlon Lipman, Joe Lutz, Joe Kohlbecker.
» • *
One of the prominent and important so
cial events that will take place this after
noon will be the dinner given by the So
ciety of California Pioneers at Pioneer
Hall. There will be addresses by the
members and reminiscent stories of early
days of California. A big gathering is
expected.
• • ♦
Among the many entertainments to be
given to-day none will be more worthy
of support or patronage than the benefit
performance to be given in Odd Fellows'
Ko.ll In aid of the Lincoln monument.
The pupils of the Caldwell Dramatic
School will produce "The Tigress." with
a matinee and evening performance. A
great many tickets have been sold in ad
vance for this entertainment, and the
Grand Army posts will be well repre
sented.
Mayor-elect Schmitz has consented to
direct a special orchestra for the occa
sion and to render his own composition
"The American Citizen March."
Found With a Stolen Check.
Sam Hampson, who says he is a mer
chant, was arrested early yesterday morn
ing on Turk street for drunkenness. On
his person was found a check drawn in
favor of L. Gutter, a business man on
Eighth street, by Charles Hawley & Co.
It was drawn for $48 31, and as Hampson
could give no satisfactory explanation of
how it came into his possession the mat-
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL, WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 25, 1901.
THE CHARMING SOCIETY, WOMAN WHO, WAS THE HOSTESS AT ' A
DELIGHTFUL CHRISTMAS Ii,VE PARTY GIVEN AT HER HOME ON
SUTTER STREET.
ter was reported to Captain Seymour, and
Detective Riordan was detailed to make
an Investigation. He interviewed Gutter,
who informed him that the check had
been stolen from him ; last Saturday.
Hampson will be charged with larceny.
It s a mighty rare woman who can't
manage to put a chafr in the- bedroom
where her. husband is sure to. knock into
it when he gets up in the dark. . . ' .. .
Lost' His Money at a Card Game.
Otto Meyer, -who .says he is a miner,
was arrested last night by Detectives
Riordan and Holmes on a charge of grand
larceny. He ls'accused of having bunkoed
a man named Pedro Terarro out of $143.
Meyer Is said to have inveigled Terarro
into a card game yesterday at 673 Howard
street, during the progress of which he
was relieved of the money.
CLARENCE KING
DIES IN TUCSON
Famous Geologist and
Mining Expert Passes
Away.
Man Who Expo* d he Utah
Diamond Minu Fraud
Galled to Rest
News was received in the city yester
day that Clarence King, the welljknown
geologist and mining expert, died last
Saturday at Phoenix, Ariz., from gallop
ing consumption. .
The deceased was credited with being
the greatest geologist on this coast, and
his services after his retirement from the
employment of the Government were
greatly in demand. His most sensational
report was handed to W. C. Ralston many
years ago, when he informed him that a
diamond mine, which was supposed . to
have been located in Southern Utah, was
a fraud, and "that if diamonds hau been
found in that locality the claims had cer
tainly been "salted."
The Utah "diamond mine" incident oc
curred in the early seventies. A man by
the name of Harpending arrived in this
city from the East. He was a total
stranger and attempted to induce a num
ber of San Francisco capitalists to form
a company aud buy a diamond mine lo
cated in Southern Utah. The man exhib
ited some fine stones to show as samples
and the mine was deemed worthy of being
examined. - A mining expert was dis
patched to the scene, and upon his recom
mendation the deal was nearly consum
mated.
Clarence King, who happened to be in
the city at the time, denounced the fraud
and said that with his knowledge of geol
ogy he was certain that diamonds did not
exist in that locality. He quietly visited
the supposed diamond mine and found
that his convictions were right. He came
back to San Francisco and exposed the
whole plot.
- Clarence King had great literary abil
ity and contributed many articles on
scientific subjects to Eastern magazines.
He also wrote a book .entitled "Moun
taineering in the High Sierras," which
became very popular.
The last few years Clarence King has
made his. residence in New York, but he
often came to California on mining busi
ness. In New York and this city he was
very popular in club circles and his loss
will be deeply mourned by a large num
ber of friends.
EASTERN COUPLE COME
TO COAST TO MARRY
W. G. Blatt of Detroit and Mrs. Grace
Wilson of Denver Quietly
"Wedded.
A quiet marriage was solemnized at the
residence of Rev. Dr. John Hemphill, at
2020 Broadway, yesterday. The contract
ing couple were William G. Blatt, West
ern manager of Pingree & Smith, the
well-known shoe firm of Detroit, Mich.,
of which the late Governor .of Michigan
was senior member, and Mrs. Grace Wil
son, a wealthy widow of Denver.
The groom is well known to the business
community of San Francisco. He is con
nected with several large enterprises,
chief among which is the Robert Mitchell
Machine Company of Detroit, of which he
is vice president. He arrived in this city
about two weeks ago, but his most Inti
mate friends were not aware that his trip
to the coast was made especially to meet
his fiancee, Mrs. Wilson, who was plan
ning a bridal tour to Honolulu. Mrs. Wil
son arrived here the day after Blatt, and
preparations for the marriage were com
pleted. The wedding was private, and
after the ceremony the happy couple re
ceived the congratulations of their friends
in their parlors at the Palace.
The bride is a handsome young woman,
accomplished and quite wealthy. She has
for several years pa^st fcesn a belle in Den
ver's best set. The groom is a young man
of excellent family, a widower and the
possessor of a competency. The couple
will leave for Del Monte to-morrow, and
after a few days at that resort they will
visit their homes in the Kast. The Hono
lulu trip has been temporarily abandoned.
JUSTICE DANIELS SHARPLY
REBUKES TWO ATTORNEYS
Suit of Robert M. Waddell Against
James (lately Causes Acrimonious
Remarks by Opposing Counsel.
Justice of the Peace Daniels adminis
tered a sharp rebuke yesterday to At
torneys H. W. Hutton and J. F. Coffey
in the suit of Robert M. Waddell against
James Gately and the Risdon Iron
Works. Waddell is suing the defendants
for $249 35, the value, of a trunk and per
sonal belongings alleged to have been re
tained by Gately.
Waddell was brought from the East by
the Risdon company to work as a ma
chinist but deserted his position after one
day's work. Waddell had been a boarder
at the Gately lodging house and was re
ferred to Superintendent. E. M. Bassett
of the iron works when he demanded the
return of his trunk. Waddell testified
that Gately told him he could have his
trunk back when he reimbursed the com
pany for the expenses incurred in bring
ing him to this city, as he had broken his
contract.
The attorneys In the case thereupon
became very acrimonious and Indulged in
so many insulting remarks toward each*
other that Judge Daniels told them he
would commit them for. contempt If they
did not cease, as they were not showing
proper respect to the court. The attor
neys became subdued after that and the
case went over until to-iiiorrow.
SAYS HE WAS SWINDLED
.IN AN OIL STOCK DEAL
Martin Aronsohn, Notary Public, Se
cures a Warrant for tb.e Arrest
of Louis Estacaille.
Martin Aronsohn, notary public,. 624
Market street, who is a mute, swore to a
complaint in Judge Mogan's court yester
day charging Louis Estacaille, butcher.
3504 Mission street, with obtaining money
by false pretenses. Sergeant John Green
acted as Interpreter.
Aronsohn alleges that he and Ruth B.
Aronsohn were induced by Estacaille to
purchase a lot of different oil stocks
about July 10 last, and in payment they
conveyed to him a lot of land In this city
valued at $1000.
It is now alleged that' the oil stock
proved to be utterly worthless and that
Estacaille was aware of that fact when
the sale was made. Estacaille refuses to
reconvey the lot to the Aronsohns, hence
the warrant for his arrest. .
Amateurs Present Farces.
■The Washington Dramatic Society held
a successful entertainment and dance
Monday night at Union Square Hall. The
principal event of the evening was. the
presentation of two farces, entitled re
spectively "Dr. Sawbones' Assistant" and
"My Turn Next." The members of the
society who took part in the farces were:
Gerald Catania, Attilio S. Musante, John
Twisrelmann, Harry Scheibll, Miss Alycc
Pasha, Miss Becslo Gee, Henry Bacher and
Joseph A. Catania.
Beats Wife and Daughter.
Thomas Brady, a .watchman , on the
water front, living at 2106 Jones street,
appeared before Judge Fritz yesterday on
a charge of battery. He was convicted
and ordered to appear for sentence to
morrow. Saturday night his daughter
went to a dance and returned home about
midnight, but Brady refused to admit her.
Mrs. Brady took her daughter's part, and
Brady gave them both a severe beating.
Some of the neighbors had to interfere
to protect them.
Native Daughters' Christmas.
Golden State Parlor No. 50, Native
Daughters. of the Golden West, will hold
a Christmas tree festival in the banquet
hall of the Native Sons'. building Friday
night for, the entertainment of the chil
dren of members and friends.
ADVE&TISEMENTS.
SPECIAL LINES OF
On sale this week. All very suitable
for Holiday Gifts.
Ladies' anl Gents' Fine SILK UMBRELLAS
$3.00 to $7.50 Each
Ladies' ■ and Gents' KID GLOVES K from tne lest Euro-
pean factories. .
Lailes' Sheer Linen anl Linen Cambric Initialed HAND-
KERCHIEFS $1.00, $1.50 and $3.00 Box
6 In a Box.
Lalies' Hanl-Embroilerel Sheer Linen HANDKER-
CHIEFS 15c, 2Oc, 25c, up to $5.00 Each
Lalies' Real DuchesS3 Laca HANDKERCHIEFS
82,00 to $30.00 Bach
Gents' Initialei Silk HANDKERCHIEFS
40c, 5Oc, 75c and $1.00 Each
Gents' Silk REEFERS anl MUFFLERS, in White, Black
anl colors .$I.OO up to $2.50 Bach
Lalies' Leather PURSES, latest styles anl Golors
50c, 75c, $1.00, up to $6.00 Bach
Lalies' Cloth ani Flannel WAISTS, new stales anl
latest colorings $1.75 up to $8.00 Each
Lailes' Silk WAISTS, Black anl Colorel
.....$5.OO to SI5.OO Bach
Lalies' Silk PETTICOATS, Colorel anl Black
$6.00 to $25.00 Each
Gents' Noveltu NECKWEAR, latest shapes anl colors....
25c, 50c, 75c and $1.OO Each
EXTRA SPECIAL.
45 Fine FEATHER BOAS, 45 Inches long, in Black,
Natural anl Gran. These are an extra aualitn
Price $10.00 Bach
OUR GLOVE ORDERS MAKE VERY ACCEPTABLE
CHRISTMAS GIFTS.
STORE WILL BE OPEN MONDAY AND TUESDAY EVENINGS, DEC. 23 and 24.
HI 113. 115. 117. 119. 121 POST STREET.
LABOR FACTIONS
HOLD MEETINGS
Parry and Delaney Parti
sans Are Consider
ing Plans.
Both factions of the Union Labor party
held meetings last night. The Parry fac
tion met in the hall of the Theatrical
Mechanics' Association, from which they
departed in such haste on the occasion of
their last meeting. The Delaney faction
met at the headquarters of the Cooks'
and Waiters' Alliance. They had In addi
tion to the even dozen who appeared to
form the committee T. Carl Spelling as an
adviser on the subject of public utilities.
The Parry faction held two meetings.
One was behind closed doors and was tne
regular meeting of the executive commit
tee of the Union Labor party. Chairman
Parry presided and Secretary Aubertin
was at the desk. The meeting lasted but
a few minutes, and at the close it was an
nounced that routine matters only were
discussed and that these mainly related
to the formation of a State organization.
Immediately afterward a temporary or
ganization of a committee to form the
nucleus of a body to ■ be known as the
Central League Club was effected by tha
same parties. S. D. Simmons was elected
temporary chairman and James Mullaly
temporary secretary. J. S. Parry and
other members stated that there seemed
to be a general desire among the various
unions throughout the State to unite in a.
labor movement, and that clubs would bs
formed as soon as the local committees
had decided upon a plan of action.
A number of suggestions were made as
to what form the central body should
take, what representation should be al
lowed and other pertinent matters. It
was finally decided to refer the entire sub
ject matter to a committee of five to pre
pare a plan of organization. The chair
named as the members J. S. Parry, A. H
Ewell, J. H. Roxburgh, George Krimp
kofT and G. W. Aubertin. After deciding
to attend the meeting of the Oakland
branches that desire to affiliate with the
Union Labor party on Sunday night, at
Butchers' Union headquarters, the com
mittee adjourned to the call of the chair.
At the meeting of the Delaney faction
the minutes of the meetings of December
10 and 17 were read. These were the
minutes which were temporarily put in
escrow the night of the ruction between
the factions, when Mayor-elect Schmitz
was hastily summoned to act as peace
maker. A suit is now pending for their
recovery. How the Delaney faction se
cured them and how or why the Parry
faction gave them up or lost them was
not disclosed.
A communication from the Iroquols
Club requesting a conference with seven
members of the committee to confer on
the subject of public utilities was read
After T. Carl Spelling addressed the
meeting the following were named as the
committee: Lane, Hutchlnson. Ryan Cas
sldy, Stewart. Power and McKeon
Delegate Ryan reporte'd that he had met
Mayor-elect Schmitz and had Invited him
to be present.
"But the Mayor said the trouble was
bad enough," added Ryan, "and he did
not want to mix up any more in the af-
Next came the consideration of a Stat*
organization. All kinds of plans were sue"
gested. but the one that met with the
most favor was the drafting of an ad
dress to each labor union in the State
urging the formation of clubs. Each t>re
cinct where a club might be formed wan
to be entitled to one delegate. SS 1 th?n
the whole number of delegates to be
merged in one central organization No
definite action was taken, but the matter
will be considered next Tuesday night
At the same time T. Carl- Spelling wili
also speak on public utilities
Rionhart's Flaxseed Balsam
Wi " cu re your cough. SO centa at all dm«l3t».
i So J?, e of th f lnferlor grades of tea sold
n this country are tought In China as
low as 3 cents a pound. ■<-""»«* as
SPECIAL SALE
UPHOLSTERED
FVBNITVRE.
25 % Discount
On Upholstered Parlor Suits,
Odd Chairs, Sofas, Rockers, etc.
Gtias, M. Plum & Co.,
: 1301-1307 Market Street.
THE BEST POLICY ji
BY
THE BEST_COMPANY.
THE PACIFIC MUTUAL LIKE IJISUR-
, AXCE COMPANY OF CALIFORNIA an-
nounces that on and after January 1, 1902 it
will be prepared to contract with agents 'for
the representation of its
INTERMEDIATE DEPARTMENT
throughout the United States.
Its new policies are the best and most liberal.
Unlimited territory and the best contracts
Address T. L. MILLER. Assistant Secretary.
Room 2. Pacific Mutual Building.
San Francisco, Calif.
COKE! COKE! COKE!
P. A. MCDONALD,
813 FOLSOM STREET.
San Francisco Gas Coka for sal* to famlllM
and to the trade at reduced ratei.
DR.MQNULTY.
T1I S T V , E LI'-KNOW5T AITD RFXIABI.E OLD
«trt^Rf claI i stc ¥ r< H BIoo<l Poison. GonorrhCB»,G!eet.
i»«!Si ™"* Impotence and tbelr
nil?*? sord . 9rs - Bo0 * on Diseases of Men, free.
otl& if e * rs '* x i«l«nce.Terms reasonable. Hours.
MiLt 7 ' :3 2 »°»- SOev'ps. Snndavs, 10 to li Consul-
lauonireeandsacredly confidential. Call oraddxesa
ofs.Jir* 10 ** 0013 McXULTY. M.D. A
«6& Ktarny 8t^ San Francisco, C»l. A
RRTTQW17Q F0R barbers, bak-
AJXIUOIIJCiD "a bootblacks, bath-
houses, billiard table*.
Drewers. bookbinders, candy-makers. canner».
ayers. .Hourmllla, foundries, laundries, paper-
Bangers, printers, painters, shoe factories.
stablemen, tar-roofers, tanners, tailors, etc.
BUCHANAN BROS.,
Brush Manufacturers. 609 Sacramento S»
NEW WESTERN HOTEL,
l/EARNT AND -WASHINGTON STS.-RE-
" modeled and renovated. KING, WARD &
CO.. European plan. Rooms. 50c to H 50 day:
J5 to $3 week; J3 to 120 month. Free baths:
not and cold water every room; lire grates la
every, room; elevator runs all night.
J^^DaVEY,STRONG&CO.^^
CL jPATENTSl* >$
MARKET bT. S F __
1A/. T. HESS,
H0TABT PTJBLIO AND ATT0R5IT-AT-I.AW.
Tenth Floor. Room 1015, Claus Spreckels Bid*.
Telephone Main 883.
Residence, 821 California St.. below Powell.
, Residence Telephone. James 1301. V
ftl PP r» C\ A J 1 I Corner Fourth and
Iftrt liUinL ISIMs
valises ch«ck>4 fit*