VOLUME XC— NO. 171.
REPORT OF THE SCHLEY COURT OF INQUIRY WILL SWEEP AWAY
ALLEGATIONS THAT FORMED THE BASIS OF THE INVESTIGATION
PASSENGER AGENTS FIND DELIGHT
AT SCENES WHERE RAPTURING SEA
BREAKS ON BEACHES OF MONTEREY
Members of the Western Association Entertain the Host of Railroad
Officials From the Eastern States and Accompany Them
on the Journey to This City* 9
DEL MONTE, Nov. 17.— The travel
ing passenger agents had a
grand time here to-day. When
they left their special cars at the
siding near the hotel shortly
after S o'clock they were greeted with a
beautiful view of Del Monte. The hotel
and grounds never looked better. The
weather was perfect and the Eastern rail
roe^ men and their wives decided that
• as a paradise on earth.
After breakfast the party, which num
bered about 300, was divided into two
sections. One party took the seventeen
mile drive and the other visitors amused
themselves by visiting the golf links,
maze and swimming bathp. After lunch
those who had not already taken the
drive availed themselves of the oppor
tunity.
No Railway Man's Coin.
At dinner in the evening Passenger
Traffic Manager E. O. McCormick made
a speech of welcome to the visitors. It
•was graceful and witty and he closed it
by stating that the cashier of the hotel
had too much money and that Manager
W. A_ Junker had instructed him not to
take any of the railroad men's money.
TARDY DEALING
WITH BRIGANDS
Hardships Imperil Miss Stone's Life
While Futile Negotiations Are
Being Conducted on
Her Behalf.
SOFIA, Bulgaria, Nov. 17.— The brigands
vho abducted Miss Ellen M. Stone, the
American missionary, and Mine. Tellka,
her companion, have not yet replied to
the last proposals of Mr. Dickinson, diplo
matic agent of the United States in Sofia.
This Is believed to be due to the fact
that the band has many leaders, and that
the latter are unable to agree among
themselves.
There is a general impression here that
time is being frittered away while waiting
for the brigands to reduce their demands.
It Is felt that the only means by which
matter* can be brought to a head is to
Inform them as to the sum available for
ransom and to declare that this cannot
b* Increased for any consideration what
ever. Such an ultimatum might endanger
the life of Miss Stone, but it is more
probable that the brigands would accept
this condition.
Beside, every day's delay imperils her
life, not so much on the score of the
brigands themselves, but by reason of the
exposure and strain she is undergoing.
Spain Prohibits Silver Coinage.
MADRID. Nov. 17.-The Spanish Senate
has passed the bill prohibiting: silver
cln&f o. j , ii-; ....
The San Francisco Call.
PROMINENT RAILROAD MEN WHO ARE CONSPICUOUS IN THE PAR
TY OF PASSENGER AGENTS WHO ARE BEING ENTERTAINED ON
A JOURNEY AMONG PICTURESQUE SCENES IN CALIFORNIA.
The entire party left here at 11 o'clock
this evening en route to San Francisco,
vrhere they will arrive at noon to-morrow.
As gueets of the Western Association
they will breakfast at San Jose, where
they will be the guests of the Vendome
and St. James hotels. They will be taken
for a drive around the Garden City be
fore leaving for the metropolis. Among
tlie railroad men who were conspicuous
FATALITIES DUE
TO HEAVY FOG
Steamship Sapphire Is Sunk in Col
lision in British Waters and
Norwegian Brigantine
Is Missing.
LONDON, Nov. 17.— Saturday's fog,
which was general throughout the United
Kingdom, was responsible for many acci
dents and fatalities. The driver of a Lon
don omnibus was fourid dead in his box
while the vehicle waa still running. He
was a victim of cold fog.
Several collisions occurred in the Mer
sey. The Dominion liner Roman, from
Portland November 2. ran down and sank
the British steamer Sapphire of the Dun
dee Gem line. There was no loss of life.
A Norwegian brigantine has been seen
drifting helplessly ojf Hull, and it is
feared that several persons have been
drowned.
PARIS, Nov. 17.— During the greater
part of the day Parl<? and its suburbs
were shrouded in a dense fog, which se
riously interfered with railway transpor
tation and vehicular traffic, and caused
a number of minor accidents. The fog
was so thick along the Seine that the
steamboats were compelled to suspend
service. Snow has fallen at various points
in the provinces.
Winter Sets In Early in Russia.
ST. PETERSBURG, Nov. 17.— The win
ter has now fairly set in throughout
Northern Russia, and the Neva is frozen
over.
SAN FRANCISCO, MONDAY, NOVEMBER 18, 1901.
in the entertainment were D. W. Hitch
cock and B. A. Worthington.
Party From St. Paul.
One of the most important parties in
the train is composed of a crowd of
railroad men and their wives from St.
Paul. Their car was tendered them by
the Great Northern Railway for the en-
tire trip. Those in the car are: W. L.
V-"yand and wife, C. 'w. Humphrey and
wife, F. H. Thorn, wife and son; C. D.
Dunann and wife, Otto Thorson and wife,
J. H. McFadseen and wife, R. Haas, wife
and sister; H. A. Cherrier and wife, F.
D. Sullivan, wife and sister; D. B. Gard
ner and wife, W. B. Hutter, J. B. Good
sell, James Hull and sister, Mrs. Emma
Lyons.
BURGHERS FREE
MANY CAPTIVES
I'ifty-Eight British Yeomen Taken
Prisoners in the Brakspruit En
gagement Are Given Their
Liberty.
LONDON, Nov. 18. -The South African
casualty list shows that in the affair at
Brakspruit on November 13, which Lord
Kitchener reported last Friday, fifty
eight Yeomen were captured by the Boers
and afterward released.
An extraordinary de.nonstratlon of pro-
Boerism is reported oy a Brussels news
paper. It seems that a Dutch finning
boat belonging to Yumidon while off
Wellingen lightship, in the North Sea
pretended to be In distress and ap
proached a British smack. Thirteen fish
ermen from the Dutcn boat boarded the
British craft and attacked the crew of the
latter, shouting, "Long live the Boers!"
Several of the Britishers were wounded
It is alleged that befcre making the at
tack the Dutchmen locked their captain
in his cabin. The British smack suc
ceeded in escaping and arrived at Ostend,
where the captain lodged a complaint
with the British Consul.
Bishop Atwill Reaches His Home.
KANSAS CITY, Nov. 17.-Bishop E R
Atwill of the EpiscopU diocese of West
ern Missouri, who has been Beriously ill
in California, was brought to his home
here to-night. No one is allowed to see
him. . . . .
BIG BUTTLES
TO BE FOUGHT
IN CONGRESS
House and Senate Look
Forward to Bitter
Contests.
Roosevelt's Trust-Regulation
Project Likely to Be
Opposed
Ship Subsidies, Reciprocity, Revenue
Reduction and the Isthmian
Canal Are Among Bones
of Contention.
Special Dispatch to The^Call.
CALL BUREAU, 1406 G STREET. N.
W., WASHINGTON, Nov. 17.— Ship subsi
dies, reciprocity, revenue reduction, the
isthmian canal and the trusts — these are
already looming up as big bones of con
tention in the coming Congress.
Senator Frye of Maine is expected in
Washington some time next week, bring
ing a new subsidy bill. Senator Hanna
will be in the van of the subsidy warriors.
They will lind plenty of opponents.
Reciprocity, too, will tind its enemies —
not the reciprocity that Mr. Blalne urgad,
nor yet the reciprocity of McKinley, but
many schemes of tarirt reduction that will
be presented under the high-sounding title
of "reciprocal relations." Many are anx
ious for the President's words on this
matter, as it is known that he holds
strong views.
Representative Payne of New York, who
will succeed himself as chairman of the
Ways and Means Committee, will be here
the week before the session opens with a
general plan of revenue reduction that
meets attack, more or less bitter, almost
before it is born. He will lind his most
strenuous opponents In his own commit
tee, among men from the West who be
lieve in keeping up the p; est»ttt war taxes
until it is more accurately known what
the appropriations will be.
President Roosevelt's "publicity rem
edy" for the encroachments of trusts will
not be taken without a struggle.
Committee contests will be few, but
those that occur are likely to engender
more or less bitterness. The chairman
ship of the Senate Committee on Foreign
Relations will be fought for by Senators
Cullom and Lodge. The place has not been
filled since the death of Senator Davis.
Senator Frye is the ranking member, but
he will be presiding officer of the upper
branch. Next in order to him comes Mr.
Cullom, and, according to precedent, he
would be selected as chairman, but Mr.
Lodge and his friends contest the selec
tion.
It has been widely reported that Presi
dent' Roosevelt was taking a hand in this
affair and urging Senator Lodge for the
place. The prerogatives of the Senate are
well known to be sacred. 'Any interfer
ence, even by so high an authority as the
Chief Executive, would be looked upon as
a serious breach of official etiquette. A
President may select a Collector for the
port of New York without consulting his
Secretary of the Treasury, but to take a
plunge into the private affairs of the
United States Senate, august and digni
fied—never! So says tradition. But that
is just what persistent rumor says the
President is doing.
An intimate friend of President Roose
velt, and one who thoroughly knows the
Senate situation, denied absolutely to-day
that such was the case.
"There is absolutely nothing whatever
in such a story," he said. "I can deny it
emphatically and with authority. Senator
Lodge understands perfectly the situation,
and even if the President were inclined to
urge his selection for the chairmanship
he would not ask for it. But the President
is not so inclined."
Speaker Henderson has returned, look
ing strong and well and ready for the
work of the session. He will have no op
position for re-election to the Speaker
ship.
CULLOM TO BE CHAIRMAN.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 17.— Senator Cul
lom of Illinois will he chairman of the
Foreign Relations Committee of the Sen
ate, to succeed the late Senator Davis.
Senator Cullom to-day said:
"I cannot understand why rumors to
the effect that I was undecided whether
or not to take this chairmanship should
be put Into circulation. I have had no
other Intention since Mr. Frye declined
the honor."
Mr. Cullom's decls'.or to accept this
chairmanship will cause him to resign the
chairmanship of the Committee on Inter
state Commerce.
MESSAGE NEARLY BEADY.
NEW YORK. Nov. 17.-The World's
Washington correspondent sends the fol
lowing: President Roosevelt \s now put
ting his message to Congress into com
plete form. It is nearly ready for the
printer. It will contain from 14,000 to 16,
00 words. Terseness will be a character
istic feature, but there will be no specific
recommendation to Congress as to tariff
revision, although a reduction of Internal
revenue taxes may be advised.
The President will not commit himself
to an indorsement of pending reciprocity
treaties as examples of what should be
sought in the future.
While the President will urge the need
AMERICAN WOMAN
WOULD OUTSHINE
ENGLAND'S QUEEN
Mrs. Bradley-Martin Pays More Than a
Million Dollars for a Tiara to Be
Worn at Edward's Coronation.
MRS. BRADLEY-MARTIN, wife
of an American millionaire,
now a member of the Ameri
can colony in London, proposes
to make the most of the oppor
tunity afforded by the coming coronation
of King Edward VII. She is having made
a tiara of Jewels that will cost over $1,
00,000, which she will wear during the
fetes. Apparently it was the purpose of
this rich American woman to outshine
the Queen, but Alexandra, not to be out
done, is having the great Koh-i-noor dia
mond set in her crown, which will make
it the most valuable in the world.
RICH AMERICAN WOMAN WHO INTENDS TO DAZZLE THE EYES OF
BRITISH ROYALTY WITH A DISPLAY OF RARE JEWELS Ax THE
CORONATION OF KING EDWARD.
GENERAL ALBAN
WILL END WAR
Intends to I^cad a Strong Attacking
Force and Effectually Crush
the Insurrection in
Colombia.
COL.QN, Colombia, Nov. 17.— The Colom
bian gunboat General Pinzon arrived here
to-day from Savanilla with 2300 troops.
In view of the unchanged conditions of
the isthmus, this evidence of the Govern
ment's policy to reinforce its forces here
gives credence to the presumption that
General Carlos Alban, military command
er of this district, has finally resolved to
lead a strong attacking force against tfie
insurgents within his jurisdiction and at
tempt to end the wearisome deadlock be
tween the Colombia rebels and the Gov
ernment. #
The commander and officers of the
United States steamship lowa were ten
dered a ball last night in Panama by the
Colombian officials and elite society at
that place.
of subsidy legislation that will build up
the American merchant marine, specific
recommendation will be avoided. Atten
tion will be drawn to the very small per
centage of American shipments carried
in American bottoms. The President Is
of the opinion that all ships that are to
fly the American flag should be construct
ed with a view to being used by the Gov
ernment as auxiliaries in time of war.
The creation of a department of com
merce, with a Cabinet officer at its head,
will be recommended.
A strong stand will be taken for the
restriction of foreign immigration. Re
enactment of the Geary law and contin
ued exclusion of Chinese will be recom
mended; also the enactment of stringent
laws that will exclude anarchists seek
ing to land here.
The President will urge the need of
legislation affecting trusts, but will not
submit any specific plans.
Considerable space will be devoted to
the army and the navy. The President,
in the case of the navy, will urge the
necessity of an increase, indorsing prac
tically the programme submitted by the
Navy Department.
He will earnestly recommend Nicaragua
canal construction, in accordance with
the report of the Canal Commission.
CREMATE THEIR
VICTIMS' BODIES
Mississippi Moonshiners Murder Two
Deputy Marshals and Burn
Building to Hide
Crime.
OXFORD, Miss., Nov. 17.— John A.
Montgomery, Deputy United States Mar
shal pro tern. of this city, and Deputy
United States Marshal Hugh Montgomery
of Pontoloc, left here last night to ar
rest Will Mathls. an alleged counterfeiter
and moonshiner who lived twelve miles
east of this place. Early to-day Hugh
Montgomery's horse was found standing
at the gate of Curdy Hall, a neighbor of
Mathis, and Mathis' house had been
burned to the ground.
Upon further investigation two par
tially burned bodies were found in the
ashes of the burned building, which have
been identified as the remains of the
deupty marshals. John A. Montgomery's
horse has not been found, and it is sup
posed that Mathis made his escape- on
this horse after the morf had been killed
and the house set on flre.
Mathis' wife was at her father's, a few
miles fYom her burned home. She says
she and her husband left home yesterday,
her husband leaving the country.
Mathis was indicted last summer for
making and passing counterfeit money
and was out on a $2000 bond. The prin
cipal witness against him was a negro
living in the same neighborhood. About
a month ago the negro was assassinated.
The two Montgomerys went to arrest
Mathis for making illicit whisky and it
is supposed that they were prevailed upon
to remain for the night and were shot
while guarding their prisoner.
A posse of thirty or forty of the lead
ing citizens of Oxford went to the scene
to-day and every effort will be made to
capture Mathis.
RELIGIOUS CONFLICTS
RESTTLT IN BLOODSHED
Military Authorities Unable to Bring
. About Peace Between Mussul
mans and Christians.
CONSTANTINOPLE, Nov. U.-Conflicts
resulting In much bloodshed are reported
to have occurred between Mussulmans
and Christians at Beyrout.
Similar reports have been received from
Scutari and Albania. The military com
mander in Albania has resigned on finding
pacification In? * m jn.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
Nil BOARD
IS PREPARING
ITS FINDINGS
Favor Accused Admiral
on Almost Every
Count.
No Substantiation of the Ac
cusations Hinting at
Cowardice.
May Conclude, However, That Schley
Disobeyed OTders of His Supe
riors in Going to Key We»t
to Coal.
Special Dl»patch to The Call
CALL BUREAU. 1406 G STREET, N.
W., WASHINGTON, Nov. 17.— The find
ings of the naval board that conducted the
Schley investigation will be favorable to
the accused admiral on most of the points
involved. Those allegations which have
been proved to be unfounded, or of minor
importance even if substantiated, for the
reason that they involved simple questions
of judgment on the part of the command
ing officer, include the slow progress of
the squadron from Cienfuegoa toward
Santiago, the failure to destroy the Colon,
the effectiveness of the blockades at Cien
fuegos and Santiago and the "loop" of th»
Brooklyn on the day of the battle. The
report of the naval board, which is now
in course of preparation, will sweep away
many of the allegations which were the
basis of the investigation.
The Schley court unquestionably realizes
that much of the matter before it is en
titled to little weight, but when it has
sifted out these things, it is believed, it
will find something left upon which ad
verse findings will be based. Though
much of the testimony regarding the sec
ond and third specifications, which con
cern the movement* of the flying squadron
off Cienfuegos and its progress toward
Santiago, must be disregarded as having
no bearing upon these points, one impor
tant point to be considered is Admiral
Schley's failure to communicate with tba
insurgents near Cienfuegos.
Deprived of Information.
After Schley's arrival off that port It
was reported to him that certain lights
were seen on shore at night, and every
witness who was asked about these lights
testified to having seen them. It is clear
that Admiral Schley did not know the
meaning of the signals, and no on* in
formed him.
The reason Admiral Schley has himself
assigned for the retrograde movement was
the short coal supply of the squadron and
the difficulty of coaling, but statistics of
the amounts the ships had do not, in the
opinion of close judges, reveal such a
state of affairs as should have alarmed a
resourceful commander.
It is believed In well Informed circle*
here that the court cannot fail to find that
the reports made by Admiral Schley in
regard to coal were incorrect; that the
retrograde movement was not justifiable
in view of his orders to blockade Santiago,
and that he c*ld disobey the department's
orders in continuing toward Key West
Instead of carrying out at once the In
structions as contained In the telegram
of May 25.
Controversy With Hodgson.
The only other specification on which
the court is thought likely to find against
Admiral Schley Is believed to be No. 10.
referring to his controversy with Lieu
tenant Commander Hodgson. The gist of
this affair, which has been much befogged
during the progress of the case, is that
Hodgson was interviewed in regard to a
colloquy said to have taken place between
Schley and Hodgson on board the Brook
lyn, and, the result of the interview hav
ing been published, Admiral Schley asked
Hodgson to write a letter denying that
such colloquy took place. Hodgson did 30,
but accompanied his letter with another,
in which he said that his denial was in
tended to apply only to the accuracy of
the words said to have been uttered dur
ing the colloquy, the substance of the pub
lished statement being correct. Admiral
Schley published the denial without the
letter of explanation. During the three
years following, in spite of Lieutenant
Commander Hodgson's efforts to lnduc»
Admiral Schley to publish the other letter.
or make a statement as to its contents, h«
refused to do so. It is believed the court
will hold that this was not f^> treatment
of Hodgson by Admiral Schley.
EMPRESS DOWAGER SHOWS
HONOR TO U HUNG CHANQ
Issues an Edict Ordering Erection of
a Monumental Arch Near
His Bi-thplace.
PEKING, Nov. 17.— The Empress Dow
ager has issued another edict eulogizing
the late Li Hung Chang and ordering th»
erection of a monumtntal arch near his
birthplace. Ths edict also directs that the
rank of Marquis, corf erred upon the eld
est ton of the late Chinese statesman in
his own right, shall descend through
twenty-three generations. It confers high
rank upon the other sons of Earl Li, upon
whom the posthumous rank of Marquis
has been bestowed, and confers dignities
upon his grandsons, together with lucra
tive offices.
Said Pasha Appointed Grand Vizier.
CONSTANTINOPLE. Nov. , 17.— Said
Pasha, former Grand Vizier, has been ap
pointed Grand Vizier in succession to Una
late Hall Rtfat Pasha, .—- -¦ —2
"LA BOHEME" IS SUNG AS POPULAR RATES AND AUDIENCE
LISTENS TO SUPERB RENDITION OF PUCCINI'S CREATION
PRODUCTION
GLORIOUSLY
PRESENTED
Work of Artists aod of
Orchestra Is With
out a piaw.
BLANCHE PARTINGTON
IT v.-as EJi "en"' night with Puccini's
masterpiece "La Buheme" last night
At the Grand Opera-house, with a per
formance that struck sparks all
through after *be first dampness,
caused by the small Jiouse, wore away.
The audience was not like the one that
greeted Melba tnd the opera last year,
but it v/as mutical' to its tots, and soon
liiuniFiukaUy informeu the sensitives on
the other side of the footlights that the
house was with them anu theirs lor the
Eight- The applause was quick, generous
and sensitive, and the singers soon
showed their appreciation, of iis impulse
Ly outdoing thtmeeiv^s- In their parts.
Last Dicta's periorsuance iieid surprise
a» well as delight. i_)o itarchi and Su
zanne Aaanis as Rudoilo ana Miini were
the particular astonishments of the cast,
and were responsible lor a large share of
the joy of the evening by their good
•work. De Marchi, v.liose Raoul of last
week Jell rather flat, last night won his
spurs — jingle of which noisily pre
ceded — *>.s Rudolfo- We have had a
Rudolf o of late that compares with' De
Jlarchi's in Agoetini up at the Tivoli,
though the voices are .essentially dis
similar. But there is iheipVsame earnest
ness, sympathy and lire in both concep
tions, though Agostiru"s was the more
even performance ol the two. But De
aiarehi shows great power, and his
voice, though lacking the smooth sweet
ness of Agostini's— which is not unlike
Cremonini's, v.ho sang the part last year
— has a depth, resonance ana breadth that
the Tivoli singer does not possess.
The Puccini opera evidently furnishes
exactly what De Marchi needs as inspira
tion, and when he found himself he made
things hum. He has a splendid power of
climax, though holding nimself common
ly too much in restraint, but when he
does let go something drops. It did last
night. The audience vociferously encored
his duet with Miml at the third acts
close, a very unusual proceeding on an
audience's part, and alter the last act. in
¦which there was the real thrill, cold shiv
ers and the whole paraphernalia, they
stayed to "Bravo!" over and over again.
X brave second in interest was Campa
:ari's brilliant Marccllo. the lovelorn ad
mirer of Musetta. Campanari is an ex
* ellent Ringer, an excellent actor, and last ;
right his broad, round voice and capable
dramatic art were at their most.
He acts better than De Marchi. Mar
cello is, of course, the finer acting part,
but he has never been heard here to bet
ter advantage than he was last night.
Gilibert was physically quite as uncon
vincing a starved Bohemian this year as
last as Schaunard, but did a satisfying
vocal and dramatic turn; Perillo de Segu
rola did not live up to his name as Col
line, and the famous "coat song" fell
somewhat flat. Dufriche did the double
parts of Benoit and Alcindoro with suf
ficient grasp.
And now Suzanne Adams, before known
here only as a lady of high degree with
colorature tendencies as - Rigoletta's
daughter in the Verdi opera. It would
seem as if we had not known Miss Ad
ams' capacities before, for Tier Mimi is
far beyond anything she has yet at
tempted in San Francisco. The part suits
her to a nicety. The simple naturalism
of the music gets her best vocal side and
there was pathos, magnetism and flexi
—commonly what she most lacks—
in the conception. She was in charming
voice and sang with finish, purity and
power. Not the least pleasure of the
part as done by Miss Adams is her physi
cal accord with the role. She looks Mimi
to admiration and 1 think it safe to say
that some day Miss Adams will be fa
mous in the role, for her promise yet
points the way to much higher perform
ance than anything she" has yet achieved.
But this seems her metier, and the au
dience gave very genuine pleasure in her
work.
• Frltzi hefT indisposition caused the
engagement of Signorina Repetto last
night for Musette's part, and bravely the
little Tivoli singer held up her end of
things. Vocally the part is quite the
least satisfying thing Repetto does; nei
ther does she altogether satisfy in the
acting and I'm only sorry she should not
have been heard in something that would
have given better notion of her capabili
ties on this important occasion. But she
did wonderfully well, and her friends
gave her a rousing welcome.
It was Seppillis strong night, top, and
I have never before heard the orchestral
part go with such fine fervor and finish.
The whole thing was full of life and
sparkle, and. altogether, %be performance
was a memorable one. "To-night Sybil
Sanderson slnga in "Romeo and Juliette."
m. -«¦¦»-< ¦?«.««..«»......... . , _
STANFORD DEBATERS
SELECTED IN CONTEST
Students Participate in the Prelimin
aries for the Next Carnot Medal
Competition.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Nov. 17.-
The preliminary tryoutß for the Carnot
debating team were he-id in the university
chapel on Friday an<l Saturday nights.
Out of the twenty-two men who entered
the lists the judges have decided that the
following twelve shall qualify for the
finale: A. J. Copp Jr. '02, C. D. Scott '02
E. W. Rice '02 E. H. Williams '02, L. L.
¦onrow '02. H. C. Jones "02, F B
Warner 02. J. \Y. Cameron '03. F E
Naugle 03. W. C. Bbucy '08, O. H. Ritter
'04 and F. Roehr '04.
Professors Hall ani Lewero of the law
department and Alden of the English de
partment acted as iuc.ges of the debate.
Six of the twelve successful debaters are
members of the Euplionla Literary So
one ie a Nestrnan and two are
members of Philolexi>L Carl T. Hayden
'02. a former varsity oebater. was excused
from the preliminaries but win enter the
final* and will try for a position on the
Carnot team, which meets the California
debaters next Fewruan .
BANQUET SENTIMENTS
MEET WITH APPROVAL
LONDON. Nov. IS.— The sentiments ex
p-es.=ed at the banquet of the Lotus Club
in New York Saturday night are warmly
reciprocated In the London papers to-day
some of them seizing the occasion to re
fer editorially to the isthmian treaty.
The Standard says it is confident that
Lord Salipr#ry and Lord Lansdowne have
taken care- that the new treaty will not
be disadvantageous to Great Britain. The
Dally News and Tin- Daily Graphic declare
that great disappointment will be expe
rienced In England if it i>= found that
there has been another "disgraceful con
cession."
I Its very *
A*
If you 9k.T°e.
Iparticixlati- about
fish, 4tea.k&
cKops.oamc etc.
15*&25« All grocers,
CALIFORNIA %
\ CmJTNEYSAUCE *
SANDERSON AS
"JULIET" WILL
SING TO-NIGHT
"ROMEO ET JULIETTE."
BY GOUNOD.
Juliette
Mme. Sybil Sanderson
Stephano
Miss Carrie Bridewell
Gertrude. ..Miss Bauermeister
Frere Laurent
... Mr. Edouard de Beszke
Capulet Mr. Journet
Tybalt Mr. Jacques Bars
Mercutio Mr. 3>eclery
Le Due de Veronc.Mr. Qilibert
Gregorio Mr. Duf riche
Borneo Mr. Salignac
Conductor, Mr. Flon.
TELLS THE DIVA
OF THE FUTURE
Emma Eames Consults
the Oracle in a Joss
House.
Mme. Emma Eames, by the grace of
Grau and her own divine voice one of
the rulers in the world of grand opera,
went forth last evening- In search of ex
periences. She encountered several, but
one in partieular%he will never forget.
During the week the diva had expressed
a desire to visit Chinatown. A visitor's
wish being law in California, Harry Hol
brook made arrangements for a tour of
the Oriental quarter, and last evening
Mme. Eames, with her companion, Miss
Fetridge, accompanied Mr. Holbrook and
a party of friends to Chinatown.
Under the pilotage of guides the diva
was shown the sights. The party was
about to start homeward, when some
body suggested a visit to one of the jose
houses.
They all filed in and breathed punk
laden air while the diva examined the
idols and commented upon the quality of
the Celestial incense. By and by Mme.
Eames found something more interesting
than either graven images or Oriental
odors. It was a little Chinese urchin.
The Diva and the Heathen Boy.
The diva and the juvenile heathen had
quite a little chat and were bowing their
good byes when young China's commer
cial instincts overcame his admiration
for the beautiful singer, and he said*
"You catch urn flortune?"
When it was explained that there was
a fortune teller within the sacred pre
cincts nothing would do but that Mme.
Eames should take a dip into the future
and learn by Chinese routes what the
gods held in store for her.
A weazened, shrivcled-up old man was"
brought forth. He was blUid and appar
ently unconscious of the presence of the
visitors. He took his seat on an ebony
stool and with much ceremony drew from
under his strangely embroidered cloak a
curiously carved jar. in which stood a lit
tle bundle of chop sticks.
i\ime. Eames faced the fortune teller
and listened to his strange incantations
intently. Presently one of the stick 3
arose from the jar apparently without
mechanical assistance.
"If 6 69," said the small boy, after
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, NOVEMBER 18, 1901.
FOUR OF THE GRAU STARS WHO SANG IN PUCCINI'S MASTERLY
COMPOSITION, "LA BOHEME," LAST EVENING BEFORE AN EN
THUSIASTIC AUDIENCE AT THE GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
reading the inscription on the stick. A
solemn-faced priest then took a battered
chart from a sandalwood cabinet and af
ter studying it for some time translated
the prophecy as follows:
"You are going to be a noted singer.
You have already attained some fame, but
it is as nothing to what will be. Y<su have
now admirers in plenty. But in. a short
time you will have the whole world at
your feet. You have just recovered from
a serious Illness. You are done with sick
ness. Your life is for fame more glorious
than any dream."
Every member of the party is willing to
swear that there was no collusion between
them and the Chinese. The visit to the
josshouse had been unpremeditated, and
not even the guides knew the identity of
the famous singer. Of the diva's Illness
some months ago in Paris no one but Miss
Fetridge had any knowledge.
Madame Eames was very quiet and very
serious for the rest of the evening.
"Chinatown is interesting," she said,
"but your josshouses— too spooky."
POWDERLY SAYS LAWS
SHOULD BE AMENDED
Would Distribute Alien Population
With Some Reference to Supply
and Demand.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 17.— Commissioner
General Powderly of the Immigration
Bureau, in his annual report, reiterates
the views expressed in his last annual
report as to the necessity of amending
the laws in relation to the punishment
of persons who induce aliens to come to
the United States to engage in labor or
service of any kind. In discussing the
general subject of immigration, the Com
missioner General says in part:
To deal with the problem successfully It
seems indispensable to remove aa far as pos
sible those conditions which conflict with the
incorporation of the alien element Into the
social system of the country, so that by ac
tual experience the former may learn as soon
as possible that the basis and foundation of
American policy Ift a respect and affection for
and a willing obedience to the laws and cus
toms of the land, because the maintenance of
those laws Is the best safeguard of individual
liberty. It Is, therefore, recommended that
Congress enact suitable legislation either with.
or if necessary, without the co-operation of
the Btates, for the purpose of distributing the
alien population with some reference to the
industrial law of supply and demand.
Two Deaths From Bubonic Plague.
ODESSA, Nov. 17.— Two deaths were re
cently/ certified in Odessa as due to the
bubonic plague. The health authorities
took vigorous precautions against the
spread of the disease, and no further
casts have been reported. •
The Popular Train
To Stockton, Merced. Fresno. Hanford, Visalia
and Bakersfleld is the California Limited, via
Santa Fe. Leaves daily at i a.m. Dining car»,
chair cars, oiled track. Ticket office, Ml Mar
ket street.
TRIES TO KILL
MOTHER-IN-LAW
Sign Painter Fires Three
Shots at Mrs. Na
talie Nastori. *
G. Pracliacise, a sign painter, while suf
fering from an overindulgence In liquor
fired three shots at his mother-in-law,
Mrs. Natalid Nastori, last night, but failed
to injure her. The shooting occurred at
1324 Dupont street.
Some time ago Pradiacise eloped with
Mrs. Nastori's daughter, who was under
age. Learning that Mrs. Nastorl had
sworn to a complaint charging him with
abduction, Pradiacise induced the girl to
marry him. Since then, it is claimed, the
sign painter has been anxious for a
chance to get even with his mother-in
law for swearing to a warrant for his ar
rest.
Shortly after 8 o'clock last night Mrs.
Nastori and her 10-year-old daughter
Amelia went to visit a friend named Carlo
Damiana, who lives in the house where
the shooting occurred. While they were
conversing with Damiana. the enraged
sign painter burst into the room and,
drawing a revolver, fired three shots at
his mother-in-law. One of the bullets
pricked the skin over Mrs. Nastori's right
eye, while the other two passed harm
lessly over her head and lodged In the
wall. Immediately after firing the shots
Pradiacise ran from the place and went
to his own home at 530 Vallejo street.
Sergeant Christiansen followed him and
being unable to gain admittance broke
aown the door. Pradiacise was found hid
ing under a bed, and when ordered to
surrender threatened to shoot the officer.
After considerable trouble he was final
ly handcuffed and taken to the City Pris
on, where he was booked on a charge of
an assault to commit murder.
Mrs. Nastori is at a loss to understand
why her son-in-law should attempt to
murder her.
"I have always treated him kindly,"
she remarked. "As soon as I learned that
he had married my daughter I caused the
warrant which had been issued for his
arrest to be withdrawn. Recently I have
noticed that he acted coolly toward me,
but I never dreamed that he would try
to murder me. I am half inclined to be
lieve that liquor drove him to shoot at
me. Notwithstanding that he is my son
in-law, I intend to see that he is prose
cuted for his attempt on my life."
Pradiacise refused to make a statement,
except to say that he did not know why
he had attempted to murder his mother
in-law.
SOCIETY
STAYS AWAY
FROM OPERA
Music-Lovers Give tbe
Singers a Rousing
Reception.
THE performance of Puccini's
charming opera, "L»a Boheme,"
given by the Grau company last
night, at popular prices, was a
source of keen delight to those
who were present at the Grand
•Dpera House.
Society was not there, but the audience
was composed of lovers of music, who
thoroughly enjoyed the musical fare of
fered to them. There were no waiting
carriages in front of the theater; gaily
flres3td women and somber-clad men were
conspicuous by their absence. Even the
Carpets were dispensed with on the side
walk.
What the audience lacked in numbers It
made up in enthusiasm. Dozens of men
and women could be seen in orchestra,
dress circle and the galleries, following
the music, score in hand. They, with the
balance of the audience, came to hear the
music and they were well rewarded. The
merits of the production and the reduced
prices should have drawn a crowded
house, but, as Manager. Grau himself has
Baid, grand opera in all countries is a "so
ciety function," so far as attendance is
concerned.
The boxes presented yawning chasms of
Bolitude, while the red plush of vacant
Beats stood out in bold relief all over the
theater.
It may be that society in this, as in
other large cities, is going through a pro
cess of incarnation in musical matters
nd that the next generation will witness
a season of grand opera when there will
be no "off nights."
Singers Enthusiastically Cheered.
Manager Grau put forth some of his
best singers last night to sing in "La Bo
heme," and judging by the manner in
which they responded to the plaudits of
the audience they perhaps enjoyed far
more the recognition of the average thea
ter-goers than they would that of an audi
•nce composed of the "Four Hundred."
Suzanne Adams. De Marchi, De Segu
rola, Gilibert, Dufriche, Vann and Cam
panari sang and acted the principal roles
of "La Boheme," and Italia Vittoria Re
petto, late of the Tivoli, took the place of
Frltzi Scheff. who was Indisposed. The
orchestra, under Seppilli's baton, came in
for a big share of recognition, and the en
tire performance was voted a complete
success.
To-night Gounod's "Romeo and Juliet"
will be given, with Sybil Sanderson,
Edouard de Reszke, Salignac, Bars, Bride
well, Journet, Bauermeister and Declery
In the principal roles. There is consider
able speculation as to what Miss Sander-
Son will achieve in the role of "Juliet."
To-morrow evening should be a gala
night, for Madames Earned and Sembrich
appear in "La Nozze di Figaro," with a
great cast, including Campanari as "Fig
aro."
Calve Appears on Wednesday.
Wednesday night should witness a gath
ering of society's votaries, for "the"
Calve is to appear as Carmen and show
San Franbisco the rendition of the role
that has thrilled all Europe and the east
ern cities of America.
"Die Meistersinger" Is to be given on
Thursday night, with Gadski. Schumann-
Heink, Dippel, Bispham, Blass, Muhl
mann, Viviarfi and De Reszke in the cast.
"Carmen" is to be repeated on Friday
night; "Lohengrin" is the bill for the Sat
urday matinee; Sembrich is to sing in "II
Barbiere di Siviglia" on Saturday night,
and "Les Huguenots" is to be sung on
next Sunday night at popular prices.
CHICAGO UNION'S
ENTER POLITICS
Intend to Form Munici
pal and State Or
ganizations.
CHICAGO, Nov. 17.— Inspired by the
success of the Union Labor candidates in
San Francisco and Bridgeport, Conn., the
labor men of Chicago are to be organized
Into a wage earners' party and will have
tnelr own candidate for municipal and
State officers. This movement was start
ed to-day by the Chicago Federation of
Labor. A meeting of all the labor men
of Chicago has been called for the first
Sunday in December, when a regular
party organization will be perfected.
According to present plans, the platform
will embody nothing but demands for the
enforcement of the claims of union labor.
The candidates will be wage earners and
all appeals will be to men of that class.
REGULATIONS OF NAVY
OFFICIALLY INTERPRETED
Discharges by Sentence of Court-Mar
tial Shall Be Made in United
States.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 17.— 1n answer to
an inquiry from Commander Seaton
Schroeder, Governor of Guam, Secretary
Long has informed that officer that the
article of the naval regulations which
provides that the sentence of discharge
from the service with bad conduct dis
charge awarded by summary court-mar
tial to petty officers and persons of in
ferior rank shall not be carried into ef
fect in a "foreign country" is construed
as applying to the Island of Guam, the
purpose of the provision being that dis
charges by sentence of court-martial shall
be made within the continental limits of
the United States.
Two Weddings in Old Sonoma.
SONOMA, Nov. 17.— Two weddings were
solemnized here to-day. Miss Matilda
Cornelius, daughter of City Treasurer
George Cornelius, was married to C. An
derson, a wealthy Klondiker. A large
number of guests was present at the wed
ding and many handsome gifts were re
ceived. At St. Francis Church Miss K.
Stevens and Tony Kiser, a prominent
young dairyman, were united in marriage
by the Rev. Father Leahy.
' * It Costs Nothing to Try an
Absolute. Cure for
Catarrh Deafness,
fc£ „ y^MWUy&^ Ttlroat
j^PJBr^^CATARgIi. Lungs,
' TREAT THE • CAUSE (THE GERMS). .
The only way to do this is with the Cottlngr-
ham NEW. ANTISEPTIC METHOD. Invented
and patented by ¦ • '-. - - 1 .. . _ ,
DR. NOTTINGHAM,
Expert on EAR. NOSE. THROAT and LUNG
¦ T7-- «... . . --,¦: DISEASES. ¦ -. ¦:
204 Slitter St., NW. Cop. of Kearny,
FREE— Absolutely i free , Examination s and one
week's treatment given to convince you of the
superior merit of this new treatment. 3000 test
cases,: 95 per cent cured. Try it FREE and be
convinced while you can.- Call at once or write.
.DB. DB- PIERCE?S BEMEDIES.
A DARUOTLOOK
FOR THE YOUNG MAN WITH
WEAK LUNGS.
Time and again we see young men
just arriving at their legal majority,
or having barely passed it. suddenly
stopped in a career full of promise.
Disease has laid its hand on the lungs !
He who never took a thought for him-
self must be careful now. He must be
careful about food and drink, careful
about his clothing and his exercise. No
more late hours or night air. No more
athletics. His lungs are "weak." He
has an ominous cough. He has fallen
awfty in flesh.
. When that cloud of consumption falls
on a young man's life it darkens every-
thing. The words of love die unspoken
on his lips. He cannot speak now to
the girl he hoped would share his future.
Middle aged men that have been under
that cloud remember it still with a
shiver. But the important fact is that
there are men who were once in danger
from "weak" lungs who have grown
strong again, married and brought up
healthy families.
HOW IT HAPPENED.
There is no chance about such cures.
If only a few persons had been benefited,
it might be said that they had exagger-
ated their danger or had only been suf-
fering from some common ailment. Bat
when the cured are numbered by thou-
sands ; when the doctor's diagnosis was
consumption ; when every symptom bors
out that diagnosis — weakness, emacia-
tion, bleeding of the lungs — and these
sufferers were perfectly and permanently
cured by the use of Dr. Pierces Golden
Medical Discovery, it must be concluded
that these cures are not of chance, but
due to the healing power of a great
remedy, for coughs, weak lungs, bron-
chitis, and like diseases, which if neg-
lected or unakillfully treated, find a fatal
termination in consumption.
¦ I beg to state that I have used three
bottles of Dr. Pierces Golden Medical
Discovery since my correspondence with
you," writes Mr. A. F. Novotny, of New
York, N. Y. (Box 1437). «I feel that I
am in need of no more medical assist-
ance. When I started to take yonr medi-
cine I had a regular consumptive cough,
of which I was afraid, and everybody
cautioned and warned me concerning it.
I was losing weight rapidly, was very
pale and had no appetite whatever. Now
my condition is changed entirely. I
do not cough at all, have gained eight
pounds in weight, have recovered my
healthy color, and my appetite is enor-
mous. In conclusion I beg to state that
I ran and will recommend your mcdi-
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
!V^ . Steamers leave Broadway
aj^^ Wharf. San Frandsooi .
HrcilftaL For Alaskan ports— ll a. m.,
IS^Sii^w^ Nov. 2. 7. 12. 17. 22. 27. Dec. i.
'• HEaSE^Ha Change to company's steamers
AMBI For Victoria. Vancouver (B.
KS^Q^fi! For Victoria. Vancouver (BL
' HftgßW C ) Port Townsend, Seattle.
. f ¦ *&&&& a Tacoma. Everett and New
"Whatcora (Wash.) — a. m., |
•»«.. •"' • i» "17 22 27 Dec. 2. Change at
p is?*siiSrjssffiiS Sk^Sb + -. Nov.
VorVn- 3& -"pP^Vndo^.^:
bara. Port Lcs Angeles and Redondo (Lo« A £
gele 8 )-Steair.er Santa Rosa, *> un days 9 _ tn.
Rtenrnpr Rtats» of Cal . Wednesdays, 9 a. m.
6 Fo^Lcs Anlele' .! failing at Santa Cruz Mon-
terey. San Simeon. Cayucos. Port Harford (Ma
Luis Oblspo). Gaviota Santa Barbara. Ven-
tura, Hueneme, East San Pedro, San Pedro
and Newport— Steamer Corona, Saturdays.
' For^Ensenada. Magdalena Bay. San^Jose del
Cabo. Uazatlan. Altata, La Paa. Santa Rosalia
'and Guaymas <Mex.)-10 a. m.. 7th •« h ™°»*?;
For further Information obtain the company's
fO The™company reserves the right to chaw
steamers, sailing days and nours of sailing.
W^ hh I o cicifT Vi OFFI OCE--4O CE--4 New Montgomery
'^OODALtTp^R&NS ft CO.. Gen. Agents.
10 Market St.. San Francisco.
O. R. St N. CO.
Only Staamahtp Xitr»» *<*
PORTLAND, Or.,
And Short Rail Line from Portland to aM
points East- Through tickets to all
points, nil rail *>r utenmsnli) and rail, at
LOWEST RATES.
STEAMER TICKETS INCLUDE EERTHtnd MSAL3.
S. COLUMBIA Sails. '..Nov. 24, Dec. 4, 14. 24
S. GEO. W. ELDER
Sails Nov. 19. 29, Dec. 9. 13, 29
Steamer sails from foot of Spear St., 11 a. m.
D. W. HITCHCOCK. Gen. Age. 1 Montg*y, S. F.
AMERICAN LINE.
lir TORS. SOUTHAMPTON. LONDOJI. MSA
• ¦• Stopping at Cherbourg, - westbound. »
From New York Wednesdays at 10 a. m.
Haverford Nov. 2^St. Louis Dee. 18
Philadelphia ....Dec. 4 Philadelphia ....Dec. 25
St. Paul ........Dec. 11, St. Pau1... ...... Jan. 1
RED STAR LINE.
N«w York and Antwerp.
From New York Wednesdays at 12 noon
Haverford ......Nov. 27|Southwark Dec. 18
•Zeeland Dec. 4 'Vaderland Dec 25
Friesland Dec. 11l Kensington Jan l
•Stopping at Cherbourg, eastbound.
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO
CHAS. D.. TAYLOR.
General Agent Pacific Coast, 30 Montgomery at.
;
y i,C(3SIIL S.OXU, 2EAUNO .no 3YDSET
' DIRECrtISE TO TAHITI.
S. 'ALAMEDA, for Honolulu
-Saturday. Nov. 23 : 'i"^" m
S. AUSTRALIA, for Tahiti. .... ..?...;. ./.
S3. " SIERRA.' for" Honolulu.'^Samol?' Auckland
and Sydney ......Thursday. Dec 5 in am
J. D.SP.IECKELS 4 BROS. CO., Bonsrai Agents. 32? fcrWft
to'lPaMsnsepO{fic8 t 843 Market lt,Hrfcl.SB
COXFAGHIS GEKERAL3 TBAN3ATLANTIOH3
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-fAKia^
Sailing every - Thursday instead of
Saturday, at 10 a. m., from pier 42 i»r!r*Ti
North River, foot of Morton street *
First class to Havre. $70 and upward. Second
class to Havre. (45 and upward. GENERAL
AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES and CAN-
ADA. S3 Broadway (Hudson building). N«w
York. J. F. FUGAZI & CO.. Pacific Coast
Agents. 6 Montgomery avenue. San Francisco. I
Tickets sold by all Railroad Ticket Agents.
cine to everybody who may De in need
of same, as it is a sure cure, no humbug,
as are most other patent medicines, and
is far superior to all similar medicines.
GRATITUDE WILL OCT.
Gratitude, like murder, will out. Yon
can't stifle it. To that is due the tact
that there is so great a mass of testi-
mony to the remarkable cures effected
by "Golden Medical Discovery." It *•
testimony which no one can gainsay ;
testimony indisputable and unassailable.
It come* from people of all classes and
conditions, but in many cases from those
who have found a cure in the use of
" Discovery " when other medicines have
failed to help, and often when physicians
had pronounced the sufferer incurable.
«I took a severe cold which settled m
the bronchial tubes," writes ».•?• Frank
Hay, of Nortonville, Jefferson C«., Xana.
"After trying medicines labeled 'Sure
Cure,' almost without number, I waa led
to try Dr. Pierce* Golden Medical Dis-
coverr. I took two bottles
and was cured, and have
stayed cured.
"When I tbitfk of the
great pain I had to endure,
and tne terrible cough I
had, it seem* almost
miracle that I wa» so soon
relieved. *
That God mar spare
you many years and abund-
antly bless you is the prayer
of yonr grateful friend."
There is one striking evi-
dence in almost all these
testimonials, both to the
actual diseased condition
and it* positive cure. That
evidence is found in the
loss of flesh, marking the
wasting character or the
disease, and in the gain of
flesh which marks the euro
by the use of "Golden Med-
ical Discovery w
GAXNKD 39 POUNDS.
* While living in Chatw
lotte, N. C, your medicine
cured me of asthma and
nasal catarrh of ten years'
standing," write* J. I*.
Lumsden, Esq., of 221
Whitehall Street, Atlanta,
Ga. R At that time life
was a burden to me, and after spending
hundreds of dollars under numerous doc-
tors I was dying by inches. I weighed
only 131 pound*. In twenty days after
I commenced your treatment I was well
of both troubles, and in six months I
weighed 170 pounds and was in perfect
health. I have never felt the slightest
symptom of either since. Am now sixty-
five years old and in perfect health, and
weigh 160 pounds. No money could re-
pay you for what you did for me. I would
not return to tbe condition I was in, in
October, 1872, for Rockefeller's wealth.*
'There is no alcohol in " Golden Med-
ical Discovery," and it is free from
opium, cocaine and all other, narcotics.
Accept no substitute for the w Discov-
ery." Speaking by the record of the
modicine, there is nothing el«e "just as
good" for those who cough or have
weak lungs.
Persons who are suffering from disease
in chronic form are invited to consult
Dr. Pierce, by letter, free. All corre-
spondence is held as strictly private.
Address Dr. R. V. Pierce, Buffalo, N. Y.
Dr. Pierce ia chief consulting phyw
sician to the Invalids' Hotel and Surgical
Institute, Buffalo, N. Y. He is assisted
by a staff of nearly a score of experi-
enced physicians, and the success of hia
methods 'may be gathered from the fact
that in a practise of over thirty years, and
the treatment of hundreds of thousands
of sick men and women, 98 percent, have
been perfectly and permanently cured.
A BIG BOOK FREE.
Big in its scope as in its size, Dr.
Pierces Common Sense Medical Ad-
viser, containing 1008 large pages and
over 700 illustrations, is sent free on
receipt of stamps to pay expense of
mailing only. Send 31 one-cent stamps
for the cloth-bound volume, or only 21
stamps if content to have the book in
paper covers. Address Dr. R. V. Pierce*
Buffalo, N. Y.
OCEAN TBAVEL. *^: ' V
TOYO KISEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, it 1 pi a,
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling ac
Kobe (Hlogo). Nagasaki and Shanghai and
connecting at Hongkong with steamer* tot
India, etc. No cargo received on board o«
day of sallinsr.
68. HONGKONG MARU
Saturday. November IS. 130]
63. NIPPON MARU
Wednesday. December 11, ISO)
83. AMERICA MARU
Saturday, January 4, 1909
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. Foe
freight and passage apply at company* » oJSc<*.
421 Market street, corner First. .
W. H. AVERT, General Agent.
PANAMA D UTS?'
rANAMA Id n. line
TO NEW YORK VIA PANAMA DIRECT.
Cabin. $103; Steerage. $40; Meals Free.
6. S. Argyll calls Saturday, Dee. 7
S. 6. Leelanaw sails
S. 8. Argyll Bails
From Howard-street wharf frier 10.) at 1 p. m.
Freight and Passenger Office. 330 Market st-
F. F. CONNOR. Pacific Coast Agent.
PACIFIC STEAM NAVIGATION CO.
And Gia Sud Americana de Yapores
To Valparaiso, stopping at Mexican. Central
and South American ports. Sailing from How-
ard 3. Pier 10. 12 m. .
PALENA Nov. J7ITUCAPEL .....Dec. 21
CHILI Dec. 71AREQUIPA ....Jan. 4
These steamers are built expressly for Cen-
tral and South American passenger service.
: (No chango at Acapulco or Panama.) Freight
and passenger offlc*. 318 California street.
BALFOUR. GUTHRIE A CO.. Gen. Agents.
BAY AND BIVEB STEAMERS.
FOR U. S. NAVY YARD AND VALLEJ3
¦ Steamers GEN. FRISBIS or MONTICELLD
1:45 a. m.. 1:15 and 8:30 p. m.. except Sun- I
fay. Sunday. 9:43 a. m., 8:30 p. m. Leave*
Vallejo 7 a. m., 13:20 noon, i p. in., except
Sunday. Sunday. 7 a. m., 4:15 p. m. Far» 54
cents. Telephone Main 150*. Landing and
office, pter 2. ilisslon-st. dock. HATCH
BRO3. .
T DB.PIER€tS
GOLDEN
MEDICAL. ._, \
DISCOVERY •
FOR THE
BLOOD,I-IVER.i-UIVCS.INSURGENTS
AT TACK THE
AMERICANS
Company of the Ninth
Regiment Repulses
Bolomen.
Sixteen Filipinos Are Slain
in a Fight on Island
of Samar.
Scouting Party Under Captain Hall
in Southern Luzon Has Four
Engagements With Na
tive Sands.
MANILA, Nov. 17.— Company E of the
Ninth Infantry. Captain F. H. Shouffel,
was attacked by fifty bolomen and several
gents armed with rifles at a point six
miles from Tarangnan, on the island of
Samar. The insurgents tried to rush the
Americans, but, failing, they qulckly
broke and scattered. The men of the
Ninth lost a corporal and a scout killed
and one private wounded. Sixteen of the
bolomen were klllea. while the riflemen
escaped.
Hotchkiss rapid-fire guns will be
fcent to the southern islands for operations
in the mountains. Captain Herman Hall
of the Twenty-first Infantry has been
scouting for several days in Batangas
province. He had four engagements with
the insurgents there. Judging from the
tiring on these occasions. Captain Hail
estimates the force of each band of the
rebels at from thirty to fifty. They made
no attempt to charge Captain Hall's par
ty. Captain Hall's scouting resulted in
the capture of one insurgent officer and
56.000 pounds of rice.
General Sumner, commander of the dis
trict of Southern Luzon, highly praises
Captain Hartman and his troop of the
Cavalry, who, last Wednesday
9 .:ng, attacked 400 insurgents in
:renched In rifle pits in Batangas province
«.nd routed them. General Sumner says the
biow then administered by Captain Hart
man was the most severe the insurgents
suffered since he CGeneral Sumner)
assumed command of his district.
Owing to the fact that the United States
transports Sheridan, Warren and Han
all met with accidents in the inland
and the returning party of
smen is now delayed in
the .: itry. the transport Thomas,
which arrived at Manila on November 12,
:>e immediately dispatched to Japan.
General ChafEee opposes United States
transports in future passing through the
inland sea.
Deposoy, the- Filipino priest, has been
sentenced by court-martial to the penalty
of death for the murder of certain of his
countrymen who favored the Americans.
Out of respect, however, to the condemned
man's calling and the religious body to
which he belonged and most unworthily
represented, General Chaff ee has commut
ed his sentence to twenty years' imprison
ment. General Chaffee desires it to be un
• ood that the leniency exercised in the
case cannot be known as a precedent and
that no person on the islands can be per
mitted to plead his office, however sacred
and exalted this may be, as protection
against crime committed.
The municipal authorities have decided
• larre the city of Manila and to in
corporate within its limits the suburb of
Santa Ana.
IATEZE EEENT ACCEPTS.
Episcopal Bishop-Elect "Will Take
Post in the Philippines.
BOSTON*. Nov. 17.— Rev. Father Charles
H. Brent, B,ishop-elect of the Episcopal
Church in the Philippines, definitely an
nounced his acceptance of the office con
ferred upon him from the pulpit of St.
Stephen's Church at this morning's ser
vice. It is understood that Father Brent's
consecration •will take place about Christ
mas time. Mr. Brent said:
The Bishop •who goes to the Philippine
Inlands grots to stand for righteousness In civil
life, to make civil service what it should be
there, to promote Christian education, to fur
ther the Interests of American civilization in
that country, which is now our responsibility.
end to foster the true elements of our own
civilization.
It is no longer a. question of Imperialism or of
anti-imperialism. We have our duty to per
form. It Is to pive these people— for they are
ours now— all that we are capable of giving
them.
It has been argued by some members of our
church that because the Roman Catholic
church is established in that country we have
no business there. Do not think that the
Bishop poes to the Philippines as the enemy
o? the Roman Catholic church. He roes as
the enemy of their enemies; of lust, extortion,
dishonor and oppression.
Irish Envoys Warmly Welcomed.
BALTIMORE, Nov. John E. Red
p. mend. Patrick A. McHugh and Thomas
O'Donnell, the Irish envoys who are mak
ing a tour of this country, were enthusias
tically received in Ford's Opera-house to
night. About 3000 persons crowded the
edifice and nearly as many more were
turned away. Mayor Hayes sat in a box.
Mrssrs. Redmond. McHugh and O'Don
r>ell delivered addresses appealing for
support of the measures advocated by the
Xationalist party in Great Britain. Reso
lutions were adopted promising the sup
port cf the Irish-American residents of
this city.
NEW ADVEBTISEBIEIfTS.
HERPICIDE NOT A FAKE.
Unsolicited Testimonials Tell of Its
Superiority.
All R. Kelley. residing at 2195 Devisa^
<sero street, San Francisco, Cal., writes
the following :
"When I first purchased Herpicide, I
thought, like the majority of hair prep-
arations, It would prove a fake. I am
happy to state that, on the contrary, it
is all, and even more, than you claim for
It. Quite a number of barbers throughout
the section In which I travel have called
attention to the new hair sprouting: out
on my scalp, and inquired of me what I
have been using. I tell them 'Herpicide;'
also give them your name and address."
A -rass^ VIM. VIGOR, VITALITY iorMtN
/SsT^gk MORMON BISHOP'S PILLS
*r%v nja have been in use over fifty
r/^3 /s?£-£& years by the leaders of the
Ht£) "iJx i Mormon Church and their
SJjSjPs 85H followers. Positively cure the
I worst cases in old and young
tv^bil'v K^H arising from effects of self-
BliJSilfl^ abuse, dissipation, excesses or
w|3a'Us3B{. cigarette-smoking. Cure Lost
XRR*r?2 JT Manhood. Impotency, Lost
TUgfrflflaF Power. Night Losses, Insom-
nia Pains in Back, Evil Desire*. Lame Back,
Nervous Debility. Headache. I'nfltness to Mar-
ry. Loss of Semen, mim, VarlcoceleorCon-
etlpation. Stop Ncr *Jfl vous Twitching of
Eyelids, Eff ecu are Tmiurm Immediate, Im-
part vi&or and pote *^ K - m ' 9 ncy to every func-
tion. Don't get despondent; a cure Is at hand.
Restore small, undeveloped organs. Stimulate
the brain and nerve centers; Me a box; 6 for
$2 SO by mall. a written guarantee to cure or
money refunded with 6 boxes. Circulars free.
Address BISHOP REMEDY CO., 40 Ellis «t.,
Ban Francisco. Cal. GRANT DRUG CO., 38
and 40 Third »t.
jRW
fJ AD WAT'S READY BELIEF has Btood
unrivaled before the public for SO year* as a
Vain Remedy. It Instantly relieves and quickly
cure* ail Cold», Sore Throats, Influenza., Bron-
chitis, Pneumonia.. Rheumatism, Neuralgia, j
Headache, Toothache and all pain. Internally i
far M«Jaxl* and all Bowel Pains. All druggists, j
STEAMSHIP SINKS
WITH HER CREW
Twenty Men Go Down
With Norwegian
?Vessel.
Death and Destruction in the
Wake of Storm on New
foundland Coast.
HALIFAX, N. 8., Nov. 17.— The terrible
gale that haa been raging on the New
foundland coast during the past three
days has carried death and destruction
in its track. Shipping has suffered se
verely as a result of the storm and many
lives have been lost.
A private dispatch which reached Louis
burg, C. 8.. to-nigrht states that the Nor
wegian steamer Ella, under charter to the
Black Diamond Lime Company, has been
lost on the Newfoundland coast in the vi
cinity of Belle Isle, with all hands. The
steamer left Montreal on Friday with a
general cargo for St. Johns, N. F.
The Ella was of 901 tons register and
was built at Sunderland in 189 S. This was
to be her last trip of the season on that
route. She carried a crew of about
twenty men.
ST. JOHNS. N. F., Nov. 17.— The bark
entine Titania, Liverpool for St. Johns,
was wrecked yesterday morning in a
dense fog near Cape Race. One man,
Williams, lost his life in trying to reach
the shore. The captain and the rest of the
crew, all of whom were badly Injured, had
a terrible experience. They were on the
wreck for thirty-six hours, lashed to the
rigging, and were not rescued until tliis
afternoon. So thick was the fog that the
coast folk were not aware that a wreck
had occurred, the crew being unable to
make any signals that would attract at
tention. The fact that the Titania was
In a cove between high cliffs, made it Im
possible Cor the crew to land. The ship
Is a total wreck and the cargo is lost.
GOMPERS SEEKS
TO AIR IGLESIAS
Cables to Porto Rico to
Have Bail Given for
His Release.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 17.-The release
of Santiago Iglesias, the agent of the
American Federation of Labor, who, on
arriving about a week ago at San Juan,
Porto Rico, to organize the workingmen
or" the island into trades unions, was ar
rested on a charge of conspiracy, prob
ably will be effected to-morrow. A ca
blegram was sent this afternoon giving
tna following authority to furnish bail:
WASHINGTON, Nov. 17.— T0 Sidney McKee,
San Juan, Porto Rico: Request you to furnish
bail $500 for the release of Iglesias pending his
trial. The federation and myself will be re
sponsible. SAMUEL GOMPERS.
Another cablegram, sent to Iglesias in
jail, announced this action and requested
him to cable directly a report as to the
real causes of his arrest. Iglesias has not
cabled a word direct to the federation
since his arrest. The dispatches sent
from here to-day follow information re
ceived that Iglesias is still in jail and
that through the intervention of influen
tial friends the t>ail had been reduced
from $2000 to $500 and that McKee stood
ready to furnish the bail if the organiza
tion requested it and would be responsi
ble. Gompers also received private word
that as the incident had become a public
question it was deemed inadvisable for
any one on his own account in Porto Rico
to furnish the balL The executive council
of the federation, which Gompers did not
have time to consult in advance, doubt
less will approve of his action. Otherwise
he himself will have to stand for the
amount.
Gompers said to-day: "Neither the fed
eration nor myself will stand for any
thing unlawfully done by any one, but
Iglesias was arrested upon a charge
which can easily be proved to be without
any foundation in fact."
ai.T..;..T..;..:..:-:..:..;..'..i..:.!..'..T..;..!~T..r~r..r..r..?.0
LONDON MARKET
STILL SLUGGISH
Northern Pacific Settle
ment Has a Depress
ing Effect.
LOXDOX, Nov. 17.— 1n ppite of the va
rious happenings follov.-ing which a rise in
Stock Exchange quotations was confi
dently predicted, the condition of affairs
at the end of the week has not materially
improved. Neither the Northern Pacific
nor the Franco-Turkish settlements, the
cheerful speeches of Lord Salisbury and
Mr. Brodrick nor the lack of serious news
from South Africa served to Impart the
promised upward movement on the ex
change
Up to the present time the cable ad
vices have failed to satisfy operators as to
exactly what the Northern Pacific settle
ment means and the published details had
a rather depressing effect. American se
curities closed the week decidedly off all
around.
President Roosevelt enters somewhat
iDto London's calculations. The rumora
of stringent anti-trust measures, which
would break up many of the existing
combinations, result in the President's
message being awaited here with the
keenest anxiety.
BERLIN, Nov. 17.— The redemption of
Northern Pacific stock by the Northern
Securities Company, and the iron report,
both American matters, were subjects of
foremost interest on the Boerse during
the last week.
In its financial article the Kreuz Zeit
ung says the influences of the New York
Stock Exchange continue to be very
strongly felt here. An advance in New
York quotations, this paper says, causes
a corresponding rise in Berlin the follow
ing day and Berlin obediently bulls the
market when New York realizes.
The redemption of Northern Pacific pre
ferred at par caused much disappointmenc
among German speculators, who expected
this redemption to be effected at 115. Gen
eral regret is expressed at the disappear
ance of Northern Pacific preferred from
the German market, as this stock has al
ways been one of the most active securi
ties on the Berlin and Frankfort Boerses.
Tne Frankforter Zeitung, speaking of
Iron, says:
"The danger of American competition
in the German iron market is rapidly
growing. Of course, the American de
mand Is at present so strong that imports
from the United States are impossible,
but the time is probably not distant when
the United States will throw her product,
not only on the markets of the world, but
will also begin competition In Germany.''
Irons were strong yesterday because of
the American reports which caused the
Bhorts to cover. Rises during the past
week In iron averaged 19 points. The Co
logne Yolks Zeitung says the Siegen fur
naces have reduced the price of puddling
Iron from 90 to 60 marks per ton.
Many People Injured by Earthquake.
WELLINGTON, N. Z.. Nov. 17.— An
earthquake in Cantonbury district has de
vastated the Township of Cheviot. Many
people have been injured.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, NOVEMBER 18, 1901.
AIRSHIPS FOR THOSE
WHO HAVE THE PRICE
Two Thousand Dollars Will Buy a Flying
Machine in the Open Market.
BRIDGEPORT, Conn., Nov. 17. — For a retail price of
$2000 a flying machine will be placed on the market
within the next half year if the plans of Gustave
Whitehead of this city carry. Mr. Whitehead says
that he has had his enterprise financed and is confident of
success. He now has fifteen machinists at work.
Six months ago Whitehead, whose name is anglicized
from Wilskopf, made his first test of a machine, the prin
ciples of which are embodied in a model which he will sell to
any one who cares to buy. Whitehead will not reveal the
name^bf the man who is supplying the money, but he has
been seen about the plant frequently and is said to be a
resident of New York. The machine is operated by steam
and immense wings and a propeller moves it through the
air. It has an automobile attachment, which is used to raise
it from the ground.
Whitehead says that when he first conceived the idea of
a flying machine he noticed that birds run a few feet on the
ground to gain headway before soaring and he put in the
autombile for that reason. He is confident that his apparatus
can make forty-five miles an hour' and says that he ha-s al
ready traveled at that rate of speed in his old model. The
machine, the inventor says, will carry six persons.
STRIKERS AND GUARDS
IN BATTLE AT A MINE
MADISON VILLE, Ky., Nov. 17.— Mining
troubles in this district brought more
bloodshed to-day. James H. Smith, a ne
gro striker, is dead; George Crouch, an
other striker, is fatally wounded, and
John West, Hut Dawson and Nathan
Bush, all guards, are wounded, but none
of them dangerously.
The trouble occurred at the mines of the
Providence Coal Company, seventeen
miles from here, where an attack began at
4:30 o'clock. The attacking party, sev
enty-five or eighty strong, first fired on
the engine house, and then in a few min
utes the company's stables were sur
rounded. A horse and mule were killed
and several other animals disabled.
By this time the guards were becoming
active and the attackers formed in a
semi-circle over the brow of the hill.
From there they poured a well-directed
lire upon the houses occupied by the non
union employes and their families. Men,
aroused by the crash of bullets, rushed to
small timber piles arranged for use In
such an emergency, and from behind
these returned the fire. The attacking
party, while sending volley after volley
into this quarter, kept up a steady fire on
the tipple, engine room, stable and other
buildings of the company, while the
guards for their part were doing effective
work.
The battle raged for almost an hour and
a half, when the assailants withdrew,
leaving Smith dead and Crouch wounded
on the field. How many wounded they
took with them is not known, but the
leader was seen to fall and it is believed
some of the party who went to his rescue
were hit.
County Judge Hall, at Providence,
started an investigation. An inquest was
held, the Coroner's jury's verdict being
that the negro came to his death at the
hands of the guards while the latter were
defending life and property and they were
therefore justified. Adjutant-General
Murray at once commenced an investiga
tion, opening communication with the
Governor.
Following the battle at Providence mine
there were riots at other Kentucky mines.
An attack was made on the nine guards
at the Monarch mine, three miles from
Earlington. to-night, but it was repulsed.
Two employes of the St. Bernard Coal
Company, at Bernar-Is Gap, were fired
upon by a man who sprang" from behind
a tree. There was much trouble at other
places, but neither injury nor loss of life
resulted.
Owing to the day's riots and the serious
situation in the mining field of Webster
and Hopkins counties the Governor has
ordered out two companies of State
troops. The MadisonvMle company is do
ing patrol duty in the outskirts of town,
and the Hopkinsville company of the
Kentucky State Guard reached here at 11
o'clock to-night.
Adjutant General Murray issued a state
ment to-night, in which he declares he is
determined that Inwlessnep? shall be sup
pressed. A detail of twenty men has
started for the Providence mine.
To-night as the train having the troops
TWO MEN DEAD,
ANOTHER DYING
Bank Robber and Victim
Succumb to Their
Wounds.
SIOUX CITY, lowa, Nov. 17.— John
Sundblad, who was shot in the battle with
the Greenville bank robbers at Albert
City, lowa, died to-day. Constable Lo
dine is in a critical condition.
The robber, who was shot in the stom
ach, also died to-day, after doggedly re
fusing to give his name or the address of
his friends. Before he died he admitted
that they robbed the bank at Greenville.
Sheriff Harker. took the negro and the
white man to Storm Lake last night. They
also admitted the crime and gave the
names of Jack Johns and Louis Brooks.
Besides $435 in money recovered from the
burglars, they confess to having secreted
$500 in a cornfield six miles from Albert
City, on the farm where they were cap
tured. A searching party to-day failed to
recover the missing money.
The Grand Jury will meet to-morrow at
Storm Lake, and an effort will be made to
indict the captured robbers for murder in
the first degree.
Sundblad made an ante-mortem state
ment that the negro fired the fatal shots.
Lodine also says he was shot by the ne
gro.
The station at Albert City showa marks
of the fight between the citizens and ban
dits yesterday. After the shooting sixty
seven empty shells were found on the sta
tion floor, which had been emptied by the
robbers while firing into the posse.
The robber who died was shot by Mike
Conlin, a farmer living west of "Albert
City, at a distance of forty rods, with a
45-caliber repeating rifle. Conlin took
refuge behind a pile of boulders.
The Sheriff has three revolvers, two
burglar saws, a bottle of nitro-glycerine
and a large number of cartridges that
were found on the robbers. The negro and
one white man carried razors.
Law-Breaking Indians Pined.
CHEYENNE. Wyo., Nov. 17.— Sheriff
Miller of Newcastle and hia posse have
returned from the Big Thunder country,
northwest of Newcastle, where they cap
tured nine Shoshone and Arapahoe Indiana
who were slaughtering wild game. The,
Indians have been tried ana found guilty
They were fined $10 to $250 each and are
now selling their horses to raise the
amounts. For several years roving bands
of Indians have violated the State game
laws in this section, but the marauders
always escaped from the officers.
aboard passed the Nortonville camp lo
cated in the woods :iear the railroad,
campfires couid be observed and the scene
was one of bustle.
At the Madisonvillc camp the strikers
are astir.
It is always well for a customer to know fine clothing and be a judge of values, but
there is only one in every ten people who have this knowledge. The other nine must trust to
the reliability of the merchant. <
With the good judge of clothing we stand by our values and let them convince him.
With the other nine customers we say for their protection : Money back if they want it —
year's repairing free if they keep the suit. We do this to assure them that this is a safe store
to make purchases in. And. could we offer such privileges if the clothes were not up to the
mark?
This is a safe store, first, last and always — safe for the man who can judge clothes —
safe for the other nine who must depend solely upon what we say.
Among our many values is as 9 sack sir t, made with exceptional care to serve as our
most popular-priced suit. It is made from all-wool serge, cheviot, tweed and worsted, in
,jolid colors and fancy patterns. It is the best suit we ever sold regularly for $9. .
The Suits Worsted Pants
Are made by union labor in our own workshops For a limited time we are offering worsted
— you buy direct from us, the makers,, and pants at very exceptional prices. Although
keep the middleman's profit for yourself. See* the value of the pants is $2. 50, the special
the suits and you will see what they are at price is
$9.00 $1.95
Sale of Sailors and Two-Piece Suits
To get many mothers acquainted with this department and to give some extremely
good values to our regularcustomers we are having a sale of sailor and two-piece suits at a
price that is particularly welcome when you see the goods. ,
- Sciilor Suits
xSr^l^b Made of blue cheviot material with black or red
tv^'iw braid trimmings; good suits for winter wear; ages 3 to t*-**l
' (|WV ¦W§i^^^i\ Made of tweeds in gray and brown mixtures for /i|}|R!|i|fK\
/lll ilfmSMwSl^^y. j^^rk school wear; will wear well and not show dirt; ajfes 7 T'-im't* • •' \
«jSi- '.' !f|§|js^'}!f Mothers' Friend shirt waists, with attached or sep- '^IlflMilt/
• arate collars; ages 4to 12; prices sOc and $1.00. . 'yi v, M !,jtMr^
lUlTO^Kl! I Ferris waists for boys from 3 to 10 years. 25c •'"¦ , *
\ Boys' golf caps, big assortment, 25c. \w jjKJJp?
Pill 111 'I Write for our illustrated catalogue, "What to Wear." fj^^
fciH' blj •"'••'" Out-of-town orders filled— write us. ||||j@|
fl< **^^^ 718 Market Street.
FIRE PREVENTS
SEARCH OF MINE
Water Seems to Have
But Little Effect on
Burning Shaft.
Trains Are Rushing Hose to
Scene of the Terrible
Disaster.
BLUE FIELD, W. Va.. Nov. 17.— Up to
this time no other bodies have been
recovered from the Pocahontas mine dis
aster, but several may be added to the
list, which now numbers nine, as there are
two or three miners unaccounted for. The
mine is still burning fiercely and for the
past twenty-four hours very little haa
been accomplished in the way of search
ing the mine for those that are still miss
ing. It was supposed last night that the
fire would have been under control by this
afternoon, but it was found this morning
that a large amount of hose and pipe was
yet needed in order to reacn tne lire. This
morning the wholesale nardware estab
lishments or this piace were caned on for
all their pipe and hose available and pas
senger trains were held here for the pur
pose of rushing this material to the scene
of the disaster. The mine officials are
sparing neither effort nor expense in car
ing for the injured, burying the dead and
extinguishing the flames.
Two excursion trains carried over 2000
people from the coal fields of Focahontas.
Fiat Tip and Elkhorn to the scene Of the
Baby mine disaster to-day, and all day
long the grounds about tne entrance to
the mine shaft were a mass of humanity.
The work of those who were engaged in
recovering the bodies was somewhat re
tarded by the crowds. Officials had to
stand with clubs at the entrance to pre
vent curiosity seekers from entering, but
even then a few forced an entrance
through the air passages.
The three bodies taken out yesterday
were badly burned. They are supposed to
be Hungarians and were interred this af
ternoon. The amount of money necessary
for relief is being raised by popular sub
scription.
Baron Hood.
LONDON, Nov. 17.— Baron Hood of Ava
lon, admiral on the retired list, is dead,
aged 77 years.
WORKMAN MEETS
HORRIBLE OEATH
Companions " Accident
ally Dump Molten
Slag Upon Him.
Two Other Laborers Receive
Serious Burns About
the Body.
HOMESTEAD, Pa., Nov. 17.— One- man
was killed and two seriously burned as
the result of a party of workmen being
buried under a mass of molten slag at
the Howard Axle Works to-day.
The dead:
JOHN RUSKA, aged 50 years, Home
stead; leaves a wife and four children.
The injured: Andrew Hulsi. aged 33,
Homestead; leg fractured, body badly
burned; George Siskl, aged 50, Homestead,
bad scalp wounds, severe burns all over
body.
The accident occurred on the cinder
dump back of the company's plant. The
victims were engaged in collecting scrap
when a party of workmen at the top of
the dump, about twenty feet above,
dumped their car over the edge, not
knowing that the men were directly be
neath them. The car contained about
eight tons of slag, a great part of which
was red hot and much of it in a molten
state.
TKOOPEB, ELLIS IS ALIVE
BUT SICK AT FORT BLISS
Identification of the Body Snipped by
Swindler Rathbun Proves to
Be Incorrect.
LITTLE ROCK. Ark., Nov. 17.— S. M.
Howell, State manager of the Metropol
itan Life Insurance Company, received a
telegram to-day from the commanding of
ficer at Fort Biiss, Texas, stating that W.
H. Ellis was at that post sick with tu
berculosis. This settles the controversy
raised by the Little Rock police that the
dead man sent here from Jeffersonvlile,
Ind., as the body of Newell C. Rath6un
was W. H. Ellis of Troop ID. This is the
troop af present stationed at Fort Bliss.
Coroner Young resumed the inquest on
the remains in his possession this after
noon. The result was a verdict that the
deceased and cause of death were un
known.
, v. . ADVERTISEMENTS.
HotTaVopifof
BUCKfVH^ST)
To make a self- \ ;
raising buck-
• ) wheat worthy of
the high reputa-
lion achieved by
t '%rn-O% rn-O . (Hornby's
Steam - Cooked
Oatmeal) is not (
I easy, but we do
it. When buying
The H-O Co.'s
Buckwheat be
confident that it
is unequaled and »
sold under that
guarantee.
Us California
Limited
Leaves San Francisco daily
9:00 a. m. '.
•
New equipment, courteous
treatment, superb dining ser-
vice, perfect in every detail,
makes it the finest transcon-
tinental train.
75 hours to Chicago, and no
limit to the good things for
your comfort.
Office— 64l Market street and
¦ at Ferry.
he Santa Fe,
UNITED STATES BRANCH.
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
—OF THE
ROYAL
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF LIVERPOOL* ENGLAND. ON THB
list day of December. A. D. 1900, and for
the year ending on that day, as mads to th«
Insurance Commissioner of the State of Cali-
fornia, pursuant to the provisions of sections
610 and «11 of the Political Code, condensed as
per blank furnished by the Commissioner.
ASSETS. ?
Real Estate owned by Company $2,143,090 05
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages...... 196,000 00
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company 1,798,413 &>
Cash in Company's Otflce «^I*J?J 25
Cash in Banks • 158.612 -••
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans 40,829 M
Interest due and accrued on Bonds
and Mortgages „... 179 17
Premiums In due Course of Col-
lection . 711,129 53
Rents due and accrued 14,380 88
Due from other Companies for Rein-
surance on losses already paid 16.427 M
Total Assets 187, 715 01
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid $ 32.518 30
Losses In process of Adjustment or In -
Suspense 364.110 23
Losses resisted, including expenses.. 102.301 57
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning one year or less. J2.745.242 41;
reinsurance 50 per cent 1.374,121 2*
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning more than one year. $4,279,-
' 958 77- reinsurance pro rata 2,139,32* 63
Amount reclaimab'.e by the Insured
on perpetual Fire Insurance policies 227,010 US
Liability under Life Department.... 119,902 72
Due and accrued for salaries, rent.
etc 19.323 11
All other liabilities - — .. 119.923 7-4
Total Liabilities $4,638,738 80
INCOME. "~~ '
Net cash actually received for Fire
premiums $4,W.3,70» IS
Received for Interest on Bonds and
Mortgages w."/,."":- 9,479 99
Received for Interest and dividends
on Bonds. Stocks. Loans and from
all other sources 150,352 "5
Received for Rents 54.785 39
Total Income $4,223,908 71
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for Fire Losses (In-
cluding $523,017 86. losses of pre-
vious years) $2,549,593 91
Paid or allowed for Commission or -
Brokerage 181,343 12
Paid for Salaries. Fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc.... 147,302 «l
Paid for State, National and Local
taxes 138.493 43
All other payments and expenditures. 262.567 44
Total Expenditures .$4.263,105 S3
¦-' r :\.%'' . , Fire!
Losses Incurred during the year $8.810,343 17
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount -of Risks
' written during the >
year $7*7,441,1»7 $3.968.047 18
Net amount of Risks
expired during the
year 754.048,143 5.572,709 88
Net amount in force
December 31, 1900.... 775.480.403 7.023.201 IS '
' E. F. BEDDALL.
• General Attorney for the U. I
Subscribed and sworn to before me this ,3d
day of January, 1901.
. .- ?.;. EDMUND HARVET.
Notary Public.
ROLLA V. WATT,
Manager Pacific Department,
ROYAL BUILDING.
Northwest Cor. Pine and Sansoms Ets..
SAN FRANCISCO.
Agents in all cities and towns on the Pacific
Coast.
Department Includes Alaska and Hawaalan
Islands. '
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
IS A GREAT RESTORATIVE. I2TVIGORA- !
tor and Nervine.
The most wonderful aphrodisiac and Special
Tonic for the Sexual Organs, for both sexes.
The Mexican Remedy for Diseases of the Kid-
neys and Bladder. Sells on Its own merits. ,
NABER. ALFS & BRUNE, Agents,
323 Market st.;.S. F.— (Send for Circulars.) ,
Weekly Call, sl.oo per Year
34
MONDAY. ........... .....NOVEMBER 18, 1901
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor. .
/ctrtsi Ail CcmmuiMtiMi to W. 8. LEASE. Ktatgt:.
MANAGER'S OFFICE Telephone Press 204
PUBLICATION OFFICE... Market and Third, S. F.
Telephone Press SOI.
EDITORIAL KOOMS  . BIT to 221 Stevenson St.
Telephone Press 202.
Delivered by Carriers, 15 Cents Per Week.
Single Copies. 5 Cents.
Terms by Mall, Including: Postages
DAILY CALL. {Including Sunday), one year ...J6.CO
DAILY CALL (including Sunday). t, months 3.00
DAILY CALL, (including Sunday). 3 month 1.50
DAILY CALL— By Single Month 65c
SUNDAY CALL. On« Tear 1.69
WEEKLY CALL. One Tear 8 1.00
All postmaster* are authorised to receive
subscriptions.
Sample copies will be forwarded -when requested. .
Mr,;; • subscribers in ordering change of address should be
particular to give both NEW AND OLD ADDRESS In order
to Insure a prompt and correct compliance with their request.
OAKLAND .............. 1118 Broadway
C. GEORGE: KROG\ESS.
t»cafr»r Foreign Advertising . Ktr^ottte Building, Chie*g#.
(Long Distance Telephone "Central 2619.") ¦
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C. CARLTOJf , Herald Square
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
STEPHEN B. SMITH...'. ... 30 Tribune _ Building j
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS:
Waldorf-Astoria Hotel; A. Brentano, SI Union Square;
Murray Hill HoteL ¦
CHICAGO- NEWS STANDS:
Sherman House; P. O. News Co.: Great Northern Hotel ;
Fremont House; Auditorium Hotel.
WASHINGTON (D. C."> OFFICE. . . . 14OG « St., N. W.
MORTON E. CRANE, Correspondent.
IRANCII OFFICES — 5" Montgomery, corner of Clay, open
until J:3O o'clock. 300 Hayes, open until 4:80 o'clock. €»
McAllister, open until S:SO o'clock. 615 Larkln. open until
S:3O o'clock. 1941 Mission, open until 10 o'clock. 2261 Market,
corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock. 1096 Valencia, open
until 9 o'clock. 10« Eleventh, open until 9 o'clock. NW.
corner Twenty-second and Kentucky, open until 9 o'clock.
200 Fillmore, open until 9 p. m.
AMUSEMENTS.
Alcarar— "Self and Lady."
Columbia — "On the Quiet." ' "•••-".'
orpheum— Vaudeville.
California— Havcriy's Minstrels. . .
li-'A Gaiety Girl."
Central— "King of the Opium Ring."
Grand Opera-house— "Romeo et Juliet."
Chute*. Zoo and Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon and
evening.
Fischer's— Vaudeville.
Oakland Racetrack — to-day.
A U BCUUi SALES.
By F. H. Chase & Co.— Monday. November 18, at 11 o'clock,
Driving and Work Horse*, at 185 Valencia, street.
By Wm. G. Monday. November IS. at 12 o'clock,
Carriage and Driving Horses, at 721 Howard street.
By Wm. G. Thursday. November 21, Thoroughbred
Horses, at 721 Howard street.
TRADE REPORTS CHEERFUL.
ACCORDING to the country's bank clear
ings, which arc accepted as the best barom
eter of trade, there was a slight falling
<_!t in business last week. There was a gain
of 9 per cent over the corresponding week
last year, but the weekly gain has for months been
so much larger than this that the inference is natural
that the vo/SBtt of commerce during the week was
beiott the weekly average for the past several years.
At the same time the usual commercial reports from
the different sections indicated no decrease, and were
cheerful in tone, with illustrations of more than nor
mal activity in several parts of the country.
As far as the staple* are concerned, business is ap
parently as good as at any time during the year. The
shipments of boots and shoes were 19 per cent larger
than last year, while the demand for goods is so brisk
that the usual between-seasons shut-down will be
omitted this year. Hides and leather continue firm,
with no signs of any accumulation of stocks. Gen
eral merchandise is reported in heavy demand almost
everywhere, and the holiday retail trade is expected
lo beat all previous records. Most manufacturing lines
report so many orders on hand that even should no
fresh business be received the mills will be kept busy
tar into the new year. The woolen mills report
spring orders coming in liberally, and some lines of
woolen clothing are actually scarce. There is no
halt visible in the iron and steel industry, the demand
for pig iron being so keen that a premium is being
paid for immediate delivery, while the leading steel
rail interest reports its whole output for 190.2 already
booked. Cotton has hesitated more or less for sev
eral months, the weather in the South having been
against the crop. In the Southwest the scarcity of
corn and oats is being felt, and the upper tier of
States is being drawn on for supplies at higher prices
than rule at Chicago, while large quantities of wheat
are being fed to stock in lieu of the grains usually
employed for this purpose. Last summer's drought
was not exaggerated at the time, as is now seen, and
even at this late day the winter wheat needs more
rain before hard freezing sets in. while some parts of
Kansas and Missouri are rushing their livestock into
market on account of the scarcity of water supplies.
It was thought during the drought that the de
creased yield of farm produce throughout the West
and Southwest would materially cut down the earnings
,of the railroads: but expectations in this direction
have happily not been realized, as the earnings in Oc
tober were 11.3 per cent greater than in October,
1900. while the scarcity of cars, about which the whole
country is complaining, is seriously hampering the
movement of all kinds of farm produce and merchan
dise. Wheat has been unsettled during the past week,
and the market has shaded off slightly; but increased
speculation at Chicago is reported, due largely to
general confidence in thf future of the market. Pro
visions are still reported more or less weak, and all
cured meats have declined one-half cent per pound.
Business in Wall street has been very fair, and in
the middle of the week there was a decline in both
railroads and industrials, though it was followed by
an immediate partial recovery.
The local situation stands the same. Frequently
tecurring showers are keeping the new grass grow
ing and enabling the farmers to plow in many parts
of the State. The trade of this port is all that could
be desired, both for State and export account. Money
continues plentiful and easy, and there are signs of
more activity in real estate, both city and country
Prosperity is still with us.
The programme of municipal improvements of the
London County Council includes the construction of
buildings which will r.fford homes for 92,000 persons
at a cost of $20,000,000. When completed the "Coun
cil will own 250 blocks of workmen's dwellings,
yielding a yearly rental in excess of $800,000. It ap
pears the old slums arc being steadily cleared away
•<n<l London win ere long be virtually a new city
PROBLEMS FOR CONGRESS.
AS the time for the assembling of Congress ap-*
proaches reports from Washington concerning
its probable action during the session become
more and more contradictory and confused. It is not
strange that it should be so. The old issues upon which
the parties have fought in recent elections Ijave been
settled. Free silver is no longer a live question, and
consequently the political leaders will have to align
themselves this winter upon new questions. Repub
licans, of course, have only to stand firm upon the
ground now occupied, but the Democratic leaders
will try to shift the contest to some point where they
may at least hope for an advantage, and consequently.
a large part of the debates of the session will be taken
up with partisan skirmishing for position.
It is gratifying that the isthmian canal question
and that of the re-enactment of a Chinese exclusion
law are not partisan issues. It is possible that eacli
of these much desired measures may be providefl dur
ing the session without much trouble. The opposi
tion to the isthmian canal, however, is still formida
ble, and the people will remember that many a ses
sion in the past has opened with every prospect for
the passage of a canal bill, but has been brought to
a close without anything more being done than the
appointment of another commission. The interests
antagonistic to the canal are strong, and, notwith
standing no political party avowedly supports those
interests, they have still a considerable following in
both houses and in both parties, and we cannot be
sure of the beginning of the enterprise until the bill
providing for it has been duly enacted and is signed
by the President.
The partisan interest in the session will center
round the efforts made to bring about some kind of
tariff revision, or to provide for an extensive system
of reciprocity treaties. Ample evidence is before the
country that the Democratic leaders are quite willing
to renew their attack upon the protective system, and
will do what they can during the session to furnish
their party with a policy upon which to appeal to the
people in the coming Congressional elections.
The skirmishing on these questions is going to b«
the more interesting because several Republicans
have declared themselves in favor of tariff revision
and of the reciprocity treaties now before the coun
try. It remains to be seen how strong that element
is and whether any considerable number of Repub
licans will vote against their party on either of the
two issues. It is, of course, not likely that the de
fection will be great, but if there be any at all it will
encourage the free traders and the Democrats to
make a tariff fight next fall and the party issue of the
immediate future will be practically determined.
Along with the tariff issue will be that of the enact
ment of an adequate measure for the promotion of
our merchant marine. The Republican party has
not yet fulfilled its pledges to the people on that sub
ject. The shipping bill should have been enacted as
promptly as the protective tariff bill, and every de
velopment of trade and industry under the protective
.system has demonstrated anew the need of giving
governmental support to our merchant marine. Our
foreign commerce is now almost wholly in the hands
of foreign shipowners and as a consequence we pay
to the foreigner a heavy tribute upon our own trade
— a tribute that increases as the trade increases.
The partisan skirmishing on these and kindred ques
tions will be the more keen because the increasing
surplus in the treasury proves that the revenues of the
country are larger than are needed at the present rate
of expenditure. There are some who favor the under
taking of internal impro%-ements on an extended
?cale. so as to bring the expenditures up to the in
come and thus provide for a prompt return of the
money in the treasury to the channels of trade.
Others would cut down the income by reducing" in
ternal taxes. Still others would reduce the customs
on foreign imports. It is to these questions Congress
will have to address itself, and around them party
leaders will skirmish for position. It is going to be
an interesting session.
The English railway officials who have come to
this country to study American railway methods are
said to have been astonished by what they have seen,
and the report is not surprising, for there are sonic
things in American railway methods that astonish the
natives.
LACK OF EXERCISE.
SINCE the physicians and surgeons who at
tended President McKinley reported that the
fatal result of his wound was due largely to
conditions brought about by lack of exercise, there
has been a good deal of study given to the habits of
high officials at Washington, and the general conclu
sion is that very few of them take anything "like the
> amount of exercise reeded for the preservation of
health. The average American official is a man of
simple but severe dignity. The British statesman,
even when a member of the Ministry, does not hesi
tate to ptay golf or cricket, ride a bicycle or spend
weeks on the moors shooting; but the American, ex
cept in rare instances, dares not do anything of that
kind. He seems to regard anything less than official
work as beneath his dignity, and consequently he
breaks do An when he should be 'full of vigor and
health.
There is. moreover, another feature of Washington
life that is perhaps even worse than the lack of exer
cise. It is the unhcalthful condition in which the offices
are maintained during the winter. One authority says
that as soon as the weather justifies any fires at all,
the public buildings are kept intolerably hot. Even
the corridors of the great department buildings are
fairly stifling and the offices are like ovens. Men
who work in such overheated rooms for eight hours
a day almost inevitably losoi vitality, become bilious,
dyspeptic and tired out. Living in that kind of atmos
phere, taking no exercise and working hard, the pub
lic official exhausts himself and breaks down when
ever any severe and unusual strain is put upon him.
Grover Cleveland, who was one of the hardest
working Presidents we ever had, was wise enough to
take' holidays at frequent intervals and to spend them
not in idling round a farm or a watering place but in
fishing or duck shooting. Thus, despite his corpu
lence, he managed to maintain his strength and
health and is still a vigorous man. President Roose
velt has always taken plenty of time for exercise and
will doubtless continue to do so. Thus Washington
officials have good models to follow if they choose
and have the energy.
It is probable the climate of Washington has much
to do with the habits of the Government officials. In
i summer it is too hot for out-of-door exercise and in
j winter the damp, cold weather almost forces the of
| ficials to keep their offices overheated. If they lived
I in San Francisco they would live differently and be
healthier. In our climate not only is almost every
day in the year suitable for out-of-door exercise, but
most days are so fine and the air so bracing with
brisk breezes that they fairly tempt men to get out
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, NOVEMBER 18, 1901.
from their offices and recreate themselves by some
kind of exercise. Should the time ever come when
we feel it necessary to assure the health of our high
officials, it will be worth while to move the capital
from the Atlantic Coast to that of the Pacific and set
it up in this city.
President Roosevelt has declared himself opposed
to the use of political or social influence in getting
promotions in the army or the navy, and it is to be
hoped he can make his opposition strong enough to
put an end to the practice.
OUT of the tidal wave of Republican successes
which swept the country and submerged
Democracy in the late elections two Demo
crats bob up serenely, smiling to their friends and
assuring the public that everything with them is
lovely and prospects are bright. Those two men are
David Bennett Hill of New York and Tom L. John
son of Ohio.;
Kill's happiness was such that immediately after
the election he went to New York City and showed
himself smiling conspicuously, above the wrecked
remnants of Tammany Hall. He was hot at all
averse to expressing his gratification over the fall of
Croker. He "is reported to have said two days after
the election: "It goes without saying that I am
greatly gratified with the result of Tuesday's elec
tion. My fight always has been for a pure Democ
racy which represents government for the people and
by the 'people. It is only a question of time when
Tammany will work out its own ruin. This election
is only the beginning of the end for Tammany Hall.
There is no room in the United States for an organi
zation founded on pure personalism. The result of
Tammany's defeat on the Democratic party through
out the nation is bound to be good. The people are
good judges, and they may be relied upon in the
end."
The satisfaction of Hill is hardly more than that
which comes from the attainment of personal re
venge. Croker turned him down at the Kansas City
convention and threatened to drive him out of the
Democratic party. Hill has his innings now. It
seems certain that Croker will be forced out of poli
tics, and his rival will remain to be an important fac
tor in the Democratic camp for many a year to come.
With that quarrel the general public will feel little
or no concern. Croker was never a national states
man, and Hill can no longer aspire to be one. It is
different with Tom L. Johnson of Ohio. That en
terprising gentleman sees a brilliant career ahead of
him. He expects to be re-elected Mayor of Cleve
land, then Governor of Ohio, and then President of
the United States. His dream is bright enough to
interest the nation.
Johnson claims that he is the only Democrat who
achieved any success at the polls or received any kind
of indorsement from the people at the elections.
Quincy was beaten in Massachusetts, Croker in New
York and Bryan in Nebraska. Moreover, Mr. John
son notes that the Democratic candidates for State
onices were beaten in Ohio, while his local ticket was
successful in Cuyahoga Count}'. He regards that as
a proof that the McLean Democrats in Ohio are as
weak as the Bryan Democrats proved to be in
Nebraska. Taking that view of the situation, Mr.
Johnson is unable to perceive above the horizon any
Democrat but himself, and naturajly he rejoices
in his boom and feels sure of the future.
As no other prominent Democrat can see things
from exactly the same standpoint as Mayor John
son, it is not to be expected they will agree with him
as to the importance of the position he now occupies.
None the less, the appearance of Johnson as a can
didate for the Democratic nomination for the Presi
dency is an interesting fact. He is a lively man, is
Tom, and he hails from Kentucky, so Colonel Wat
terson will have to be watchful or his aspirations for
the nomination will be defeated by a man from his
own home.
RUSSIA is advancing in more ways than one.
She is doing something more than construct
Siberian railroads and Baltic canals. In
spite of the condemnation pronounced against Tol
stoy by church and by state, and in spite of the in
evitable conservative reaction produced by the crimes
of anarchy, the public mind of Russia is becoming
more tolerant and more liberal. Recent reports from
Europe reveal the fact that Russians of official posi
tion now feel themselves free to say many things and
to advocate many policies in public which a com
paratively few years ago they would hardly have ven
tured to whisper among their most intimate friends.
One of the most notable instances of the change
that has come over the Russian people is to be found
in the report recently given of the address made by
M. A. Staknovich. marshal of the nobility of the
province of Oral, to the missionary congress of the
province. In his address he is said to have argued
frankly for a repeal of many of the restrictive laws
now in force, and to have declared that orthodoxy is
so well established among the people that the church
and the Government might well afford to leave every
one free hereafter to choose what religion seems best
to him. Furthermore, the story goes he denounced
the policy of making people orthodox by force, and
declared that the present practice of trying to whip
religion into a man is as futile as it is barbaric and
cruel.
It is true the speech roused the wrath of a good
many of the orthodox leaders of the missionary
congress and created so much of a sensation that it
was communicated to St. Petersburg, from which
place the reports of it were sent to Western Europe
and to this country. Such results of the address were
of course to be expected. They do not, however,
weaken the significance of a speech made to such an
audience by such a man and under such circum
stances. Here, at any rate, is a clear case of the ut
terance .of liberal sentiments in the face of an an
tagonistic audience, and it undeniably proves that
liberalism in Russia has taken courage and dares to
assert itself.
There is truth in the old saying, "One swallow
does not make a spring," and so we are not. to expect
that one free utterance of a plea for religious liberty
will make Russia free. When one swallow appears,
however, there is very likely to be another ere long,
and the example of Staknovich may rouse others to
emulate it. Freedom of religion would be a
boon to Russia in many ways. It would go
far toward checking the tendency of the people
toward anarchy and atheism, for those things are
more often the offspring of tyranny than of liberty.
It may be safely said the Russian church gained
nothing by the excommunication of Tolstoy, while
it would gain immensely by putting itself on the side
of liberality and enlightenment.
Ruhlin feels sore, of course, but not so sore as those
who bet on him
HILL AND JOHNSON.
NEW LIGHT IN RUSSIA.
SPANISH ADMIRALS MAKE PROTEST
AGAINST HAMPERING OF THE NAVY
BATTLEHIP ALABAMA THAT SUFFERED SERIOUS INJURY BY THE PREMATURE EXPLOSION OF A
SHELL RECENTLY DURING TARGET PRACTICE. THE BIG GUNS. THE MAIN SUPERSTRUCTURE AND
MAIN BATTERIES WERE DAMAGED, NECESSITATING EXTENSIVE REPAIRS TO THE VESSEL.
THE Spanish admirals are in revolt against the Govern
ment and sent the senior officer, Admiral Valcarel, to
seek an audience with the Queen Regent. This he
easily obtained and laid before her the grievances of his
comrades. They object to the civil control over naval aftalrs
and credits, declaring that officers of the navy are not guided
by political motives, but solely by the dignity of their profes
sion. They want the Government and Parliament to say, once
for all, if a navy is wanted, and in that case to provide for
its necessities. If not wanted the officers and others belonging
to the present navy should be dismissed. Madrid newspapers
comment severely on this incident and declare that discipline
in the navy is undermined. The general public has shown a
decided hostility toward the navy since its fiasco in the recent
¦war with the United States, evidently ignoring the fact that
official corruption and incompetence were largely responsible
for its defeat. The letters of Admiral Cervera and ether offi
cers showed that the navy .was unprepared for any service
whatever; that the fighting personnel realized this fact and did
its very best under the most adverse circumstances.
The Normand Sigaudy water-tube boiler comes to the front
with a record better than that of any boiler of that type. Cap
tain Carballo of the Spanish cruiser Rio de Ja Plata reports
that' during a commission of fifteen months the vessel steamed
24,000 miles, consuming 3500 tons of coal, and that the tubes are
still in good condition, none of them being chocked or having
suffered in any way. The stokers were not a picked crew, but
of the average found in the Spanish navy. The tubes of the
boilers are only 30 milimeters in diameter— not quite one and
one-fifth inches. The San Rafael and San Gabriel, two small
cruisers; are also provided with these boliers, which are giv
ing satisfactory results. The Rio de la Plata is a sheathed
cruiser of I*oo tons, built In France in 1898. In the absence of
data relating to speeds maintained and other varying condi
tions extending over the period, during which 24,000 miles were
steamed, no idea can be formed of the economic quality of the
boilers, but the fact that they are in good condition after hav
ing been in use for so long a time and that none of the tubes
have suffered, and consequently need no renewal, is a great
point in their favor.
• • •
The navy pf Greece is said to be in a wretched condition.
Prince George has made a speech, in which he declared that
the naval arsenal is in a state of confusion and that the ships
are simply rotting owing to neglect. He ascribed this condition
of affairs as due to politics and declared that it was idle to
dream of any reform until the supreme command of the navy
was rendered immune from all political influence and inter
ference. The only remedy would be to place it under the im
mediate direction of a prince of the reigning house.
• • •
The devious ways of Russian policy are very much like those
cf China, the latest being an order placed by the Minister of
ANSWERS TO QUERIES.
NAVAL APPRENTICES— S., City. Xa
val apprentices who are enlisted in
the East are given a course of training
at Coasters Harbor Island, near New
port, R. 1., and those enlisted on the
Pacific Coast at the United States naval
training station, San Francisco, before
being sent out to sea. Enlistments are
made on the following named ships: Con
stellation, Coasters Harbor; Columbia,
navy yard, Brooklyn, N. V. ; Wabash,
navy yard. Boston, Mass.: Richmond,
navy yard. League Island, Pa., and Pen
sacola, United States naval training sta
tion, San Francisco.
WHO WROTE IT?— C. E. I. Sonora,
Cal. This correspondent wants to know
the name of the author of a poem en
titled "What Is Time?" of which the fol
lowing are the opening and the closing
verses :
I asked an aged man, a man of cares.
Wrinkled and curved and white with hoary
hairs,
"Time is thr warp of Life," he said. "Oh! tell
The young-, the fair, the gay, to weave it well."
I asked the mighty angel who shall stand
One foot on sea and one on soll'l land,
"By Heaven!" he cried, "I swear the mys
tery's o'er;
Time was, Time Is, but Time shall be no
morel"
GIFT DEED— O. S., City. If husband
and wife each own property In their own
name either can give a gift deed of the
property to the other and the gift is abso
lute, providing there is a delivery. If
either party makes a gift deed and there
is a delivery then the party making such
deed parts with all interest In the prop
erty. Such a deed may be placed In
escrow with instruction not to deliver the
same until the deafch of the maker. If a
gift deed is made but there is no delivery
there is no conveyance and the party who
mad© the deed would have a right to dis
pose of the property by will, notwith
standing the existence of the undelivered
deed.
ROSE SPRINGS— George Tlnney of Au- f
burn has kindly furnished the following
information relative to Rose Springs,
about which a Berkeley correspondent in
quired some time since: "Rose Springs
was at one time a thriving little mining
town fourteen miles east of Folsom, nine
miles west of Placerville and three and a
half miles north of Shingle Springs, in El
Dorado County. There is still there a ho
tel or stopping place, a saloon and gro
cery store and quite a little settlement,
with a fine school system, known as the
Tennessee school district. Up to eight
years ago the postofflce name was Rose
Springs, but since the postal authorities
have changed it to Rescue postoffice. The
mail for there is delivered at Shangl.»
Springs. There is also at the place an ex
cellent literary society with a member •
ship of sixfy-seven, of which the writer
has been a member for five years past. It
is known as the Rose Springs Literary
Society, C. C. Burtsin president an 3
George M. Skinner secretary."
ENCHILADAS— A. O. S.. Nevada City.
Mrs. M. E. K. of Salinas has kindly fur
nished the following recipe for making
enchiladas: Take three cupfula of flour,
one cup of cold water and a teaspoonful
of salt .and mix Into a stiff dough. Roll
very thin and bake on top of stove or
range in cakes the size of a pie tin o:
large plate. These enchiladas are eaten
with the following sauce: Take one
dozen dried chili peppers, break open an-1
remove seeds, put them in a saucepan,
cover with cold water and place on the
«tove until hot, but do ngt boil. This
Agriculture for five large and three small fast steamers for the
Caspian S«a. They are building in Finland, and with the open
ing up of navigation, about May. will proceed to the Caspian
by way of the Volga and its canal system. The object of these
vessels is said to be for the protection of fisheries at the Cas
pian mouth of the Volga, but as there la no necessity for such
protection it is surmised that the flotilla will become a part of
the navy to be used in the event of further troubles which,
have recently developed In that locality.
The Russian torpedo-boat destroyer Nyrok, of the Sokol
type, had a trial October 10, in which she developed 26.18 knots.
The contract called for 26.5 knots.
• • •
Of the Portsmouth flotilla of eight torpedo-boat destroyers^
six are laid up for repairs, according to the London Express 1^
They started for a cruise with the reserve fleet, October 9. ana"
when they returned all but one were more or less damaged.
Within a few days the Vulture and Crane put back with buck
ling deck plates; the Brazen, with boiler tubes leaking, had to
seek refuge at Spithead. and the Electra, Petrel and Spiteful
were damaged by collision off the Tyne. This leaves the Kest
rel and Fawn as unscathed, but the latter is to be paid off as
soon as she can be replaced, in order to be thoroughly over
hauled.
• • •
A satisfactory trial of the Spencer-Miller contrivance for
coaling ships at sea was witnessed by the Lords of the Ad
miralty at Porsmouth two week 3 ago. The experiment will
be tried again with ships actually at sea. for which purpose)
the Trafalgar will be selected. It consists in an elastic cable
along which the traveler carrying the coal runs, being fixed be
tween the collier and the ship. The contrivance was tried with
success about a year ago in the United States navy.
• * •
The Italian battleship Benedetto Briu. launched November
7 at Castellamaxa, is of 13,427 tons, carrying four 12-incb. twelv*
6-inch and" eighteen 12-pounders. Tha intended speed is 30
knots, which, if realized, will make her the fastest battleship
in any navy.
Germany will shortly have thirty-one war vessels in foreign
waters, distributed as follows: China, 20; East coast of Am
erica, 4; Mediterranean, 3; West Africa, 2, and South Sea, 2.
• • *
A 4|A-inch Canet gun burst while being tried on the prov
ing range at Ruelle, France. No one was injured, but pieces <
of the gun were scattered over a large area. T
• • •
Fifty war vessels of 375.M5 tons were in course of construc
tion in private and government yards in Great Britain on Oc
tober 1.
• • •
Cramps are building a 100-ton derrick for the Brooklyn navy
yard, to be used chiefly for ordnance purposes. Ita cost Is
$100,000.
PERSONAL MENTION.
Charles L. Smith, an attorney of Sacra
mento. Is at the Lick.
H. Silver, a banker of Lo? Angeles, is a
late arrival at the Palace.
W. O. Watson, a business man of San
Jose, is a guest at the Lick.
If, Hochheimer, ¦ business man of
Bakersfield. is at the California.
AY. J. Nelson, a mining man of Los An
geles, is registered at the Palace.
H. M. Reed, interested in oil properties
in Reedley, is a guest at the Grand.
James Griffiths, owner of steamboats
in Seattle, is at the Lick for a brief stay.
Dr. C. A. Foster of New York City is
registered at the Palact with his wife and
child.
J. S. Hackley. proprietor of a large dis
tillery in Louisville, Ky.. Is one of the ar
rivals at the California,
Real Glass Houses.
How would you like to live in a glass |
house? •
Jules Henrivaux, one of the greatest
French chemists, considers glass the
most serviceable, available and sanitary
material for building houses.
He has executed a model building made
of glass held together by angle Iron.
There are pipes for hot and cold water,
electric wires, sewerage, everything need
ed for the comfort of a householder.
Staircases, ceilings, wall decorations,
fire places— all are of glass*.
The decorations aro remarkable both
for beauty of design and color. They
are made of opaque glas?. arranged in
prisms and crystals, with facets like dia
monds.
Chairs and tables are of vitrified glass,
and the residence and its furniture are
Indestructible.
The entire surface of everything, from
top 3tory to basement, can be washed
clean with soap and water and dried in
ten minutes. There is no dust and no
cobwebs.
The walls of the house arc colored and
entirely Impenetrable to light except
through window and doer openings.
M. Henrivaux is an enthusiast on glass.
He points out that there is an inexhaus
tible supply of material for making glass.
It can be manufactured out of sand.
It never wears out.
It can be molded into any shape.
It is easily made non-breakable.
Paris has already begun to pave her
streets with glass.
Glass is also made Into dresses, pipes,
baskets, and is now being substituted
for many pieces of Iron machinery.
softens the peppers so that by removing
them from the water and thoroughly
mashing them with a potato masher they
can be passed through a sieve, thus sepi
ratlng the pulp from the hard part of th-3
peppers. Return the pulp thus extracted
to the water in which the peppera wers
heated. Heat two heaping tablespoonfuls
of lard in a f-ying pan. When boiling
stir in a large spoonful of flour, a tea
spoonful of salt and add the pepper sauce
This makes a thick sauce. Into which
each enchilada must be dipped, after
which cover each enchilada with a thick
layer of grated cheese mixed with one
finely chopped cnlon and three hard boiled
eggs. Roll each enchilada, place them aU
on a thick earthen platter and set in a
moderate oven for ten minutes."
SUMMER RATES in effect at Hotel del Coro
nado until December 1. Ticket to-Coronado
and return, including is days' board and room.
160. ; ; Inquire at i N«w Montgomery at :\
A CHANCE TO SMILE.
"Those people In front of our cage say
they are descended from us," observed
the First Monkey.
"Well." commented the Second Monkey,
"we are about th« only ones of their an
cestors that they would pay an admission
to see."— Chicago Tribune.
Miss Quickstep— l declare, I'm almost
ashamed to be seen in company with Ma
bel Harkalong these days!
Miss Flyppe— So am I. She does such
outlandish things. Look at her now.
blusing like a great, big, bashful boy!—
Washington Star.
"No!" exclaimed Milwaukee, assuming
for the moment the form of a beautiful
maiden, and drawing her shadowy robes
about her. "It is not beer that ha* made
me famous! It is I, rather, who have
made beer famous!" *
Then she vanished in a creamy, misty,
foamy cloud.— Chicago Tribune.
Mrs. Sehennerhorn (at piano recital, re
proachfully)— Mortimer, you actually look
as though you were sorry you paid five*
dollars to hear Professor Clawer play!
Mr. Schennerhorn (bored)— l am. In
stead of exclaiming "Bravo! Bravo!" I
feel like crying, "Stop, thief!"— Washin
gton Star.
A little Southern fairy of th« fcrunett*
type, who had been asked to represent an.
angel at some entertainment, was radiant
at the thought until some one mahoiously
suggested that she had never heard t>f an
angel with dark eyes and hatr. Tfc«
grieved look that came into the child's
face was too much for Fannie, the nurse
girl.
"Laws. Miss Lottie." said she. "now
don't you mm'! Tha's heaps* o' niggas in
heaven, I knows."— Spring-field Republi
can.
"This dollar that I hold In my hand."
he said, "reminds me of a deep, dark,
scandalous secret."
"Oh, George!" his wife exclaimed, drop
ping her hands in her lap. and bending
forward eagerly, "tall me about it!"
"Yes." he went on, "it reminds me of a
secret of that kind, because it's so blamed
hard to keep."
Then she refused to speak to him frjk
three hours, and even began to sus^QP
i that he was concealing something froti.
her.— Chicago Chronicle.
Mr?. Cheeseman, arrayed in her best
gown, was sitting far h«r photograph.
"Your expression— pardon me— is a trifle
too severe," said the photographer, look
ing at her over his camera. "Relax the
features a trifle. A little more, please.
Wait a moment."
He came back, made a slight change in
the adjustment of the head rest, then
stood off and inspected the result.
"Now. then. Ready. Beg pardon— tha
expression is still a trifle too stern. Relax
the features a trifle. A little more, please.
Direct your gaze at the card on this up
right post. All ready. One moment again—
pardon me— the expression 1s still too se
vere. Relax the — -"
"Jemima!" roared Mr. Cheeseraan. com
ing out from behind the screen and glar
ing at her savagely, "smile, counfound
you! Smile !-Tit-BJts.
Walnut and Pecan Panoehe. Townsend. •
Choice candies. Townsend's. Paiace Hot«i*
Cal. Glace Fruit 50c per Jb at Townsend'lN
Special information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by tha
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), MO Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main IOC •AMUSEMENTS.
GRAND OPRRA HOUSE
SAN FRANCISCO SEASON OF GRAND
OPERA.
Under the Direction of MR. MAURICE GRAU.
TO-NIGHT at S, only performance of "RO-
MEO ET JULIETTE." Sybil Sanderson, Bride-
»-ell, 13auertnelster; Salignac, Ed de Reszke.
Journet, Gllibert, Declery. Bars. Conductor,
Flon.
Tups. Ev'k. Nov. 19, at 8, Joint appearance of
Mme. Eames and Mme. Serabrlch in Mozart's
Opera. "LE NOZZE DI FIGARO" (The Mar-
riage of Figaro), with an unprecedented cast.
Eames, Scheit and Seinbrich; Ed de Reczke and
Campanarl. Conductor. Seppllll.
Wed. Ev'g, Nov. 20. at S. •CARMEN."
Calve and Suzanne Adams; Salignac, Declery
and Scotti. Conductor. Flon.
Thur?. Ev'g, Nov. 21. at 7:45, "DIE MEIS-
TERSINGER." Gadskl, Schumann-Helnk, Dip-
pel, Bispham, Muhlmann and Ed de Reszke.
Conductor, Damrosch. •
Friday Ev'g. Nov. 22, at 8. "CARMEN."
Ca'.vc and Suzanne Adams; De March!, De-
clery and Scotti. Conductor, Flon.
Saturday Aft.. Nov. 23. at 2. "LOHENGRIN."
Eam«E. Schumann-Heink; Van Dyck,' Blsp-
ham Muhlmann and Blass. Conductor. Dam-
rosch.
Saturday Ev'g. Nov. 23. at 8. only perform-
ance of "IL BARBIERE DI SIVIGLIA" (The
Bartxr of Seville). Sembrlch; Salignac. Cam-
panarl, Tavecchla and Ed de Reszke. Con- !
ductor, Sf-ppllli. J
Eunday EVg, Nov. 24. at S. Second Grand !
' Sun C.ay Night Performance at Popular Prices ]
-LES HUGUENOTS." with an extraordinary |
cast. Gadekl. Louise Homer and Sybil San- |
derson: Dlpr*l. Scotti. Muhlmann and Journet. '
Conductor. Flon. . . . • . •- ¦»
Seat? for any of the above performances now
or i sale at the Box Office.
Prices for Regular Performances. $2. »3. $4,
•5 and 17. General admission, $2.
Prices for Sunday Night Performances, $1, $2, J
SI E0 and $3. Boxes, f 12. SIS and $18.
WEBER PIANOS USED. ]
*TIVOLI*i
TO-NIGHT AND EVERY EVENING THIS
j WEEK AT 8 SHARP!
Matineee Saturday and Sunday at 2 Sharp!
POLLARD'S AUSTRALIAN
JUVENILE OPERA CO.
In the Great London Success,
A Gaiety Girl
? Great Cast of the Cleverest Children Now
Before the Public.
POPULAR PRICES— 2SC. 50c and 75c.
Telephone — Bush 9. '
f*OI lIOUEDIA sMFRMHscn 1
vULU IflEil A Lira TKEATEE !
l~ EVERY NIGHT (Including Sunday).
MATINEE SATURDAY.
WILLIAM |Jk
COLLIER If
In Augustus Thomas' phenom- tnilfl
enally successful comedy, pH La
"ON IHS QUIET." II
-. . SPECIAL. MATINEE '«*' j
THANKSGIVING DAT.
!
VAUDEVILLES PINNACLE!
Kauf mann Troupe, Ward and Curran, '
Bicknell, The Girl with the Auburn
Hair. Fraser Troupe. Fred Niblo, ;
Joseph Ad el man. Lillian Burkhart
and Company, and the Biograph.
Reserved seats. 25c; balcony, 10c ; opera chairs j
and box seats, fOe
CtV a f t E— J Be? ft. "T" OJa FJ »
* Ai». h t» In *i_ B m\ X*» '
BELASCO & THALL Managers :
TO-NIGHT AND ALL WEEK.
MATINEE SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
A New Successful Comedy,
1 "SELF AND LADY."]
The Rage Last Season in New York.
NEXT-THANKSGIVING WEEK.
WE 'UNS OF TENNESSEE.
Special Matinee Thanksgiving Day. Nor, tk. \
Seats on Sale 6 Days in Advance. |
1 1
BE lAS CO *-> THALCS SL^iite
i 'fl "^ ttttXGt £JTV OASM
_ __ _ T TO-NIGHT. Every i
\jT I r\J £1 Ev'g This Week,
f\ I 111 1 Matinees Saturday
M. m. 1 1 V-» and Sunday,
/-vr-r ij ir- Elaborate Produc-
(J|- I lllS "on of the •
Greatest of All
Celestial Dramas.
/\T\J| T M/§ Com* and see a
I I\J I S I /Vl reflection of China -
V^ M. ¦ AV^ 111 town on our mam-
. '. ': I moth stage.
— -^ m •m.y g^m, * Great Specialties.
OIIN If I PRICES: BOc
fX I^l \J • Ev '* B Me to Me '
*• * x * Matl'ns..loc, 15c. 25c
NEXT WEEK— "SIBERIA." 1; ' '
EVEN .WITH THE TIMES. TO-NIGHT, ALL
THIS WEEK. MATINEE SATURDAY.
HAVERLY'S
MASTODON
INSTRELS,
Headed by the Greatest Minstrel of the Age.
GEORGE WILSON.
And a Most Complete Organization of
.'«> OTHERS »9
<¦ ' GRAND STREET PARADE DAILY
OFEN AIR -CONCERT EVERY EVENING.
.. . SEATS READY.
Next. Sunday, Nov. The Everlasting
Swedish Comedy Success.
YOU rowsoiv.
Special Matinee Thanksgiving Day, Nov. 28.
. SEATS THURSDAY.
"gfeig, RACING
r^?jg*=qMg*^ Eve ry Week Day—
NEW CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB
• OAKLAND RACETRACK.
. Races etart at 2:15 p. m. sharp.
Ferry-boats leave San Francisco at 12 m. and
12:30. 1, 1:30, 2. 2:30 and 3 p. m.; connecting
with trains stopping at the entrance to the
track. Last two cars on train reserved for
ladles and their escorts: no smoking. Buy your
ferry tickets to Shell Mound. All trains via
Oakland mole connect with San Pablo avenue
electric cars at Seventh and Broadway, Oak-
land. Also all trains via Alameda mole con-
' nect with San Pablo avenue cars at Four-
teenth and Broadway. Oakland. These electric
cars go direct to the track in fifteen minutes.
Returning— Trains leave the track at 4:15 and
4:45 p. m. and immediately after the last race.
THOMAS H. WILLIAMS JR.. President.
CHAS. F. PRICE. Secy, and Mgrr.
PALACE and
GRAND HOTELS.
On one side of these magnificent
hotels Is the wholesale and manu-
j I factur«rs' district — on the other re-
; * tall . stores. - clubs, railroad and ,
lOn one side of these magnificent
hotels is the wholesale and manu-
facturers' district— on the other re-
tail istores. clubs, railroad and
-paper offices, banks and the-
aters. Street cars to all parts of •
the city— depots, ferries and parks-
pass the entrance. *
American and European plans.
FOOTPADS KEEP
POLICE MOVING
Robberies Reported in
Different Parts of
the City.
William Ryan the Victim of
a Bold Attack en the
Water Front
Robbers continue to keep the police
busy. Al. McClair of Seattle and Ben
Meyers of Mexico engaged a room Satur
day night at the lodging house, 6M Sacra
mento street. About 5 o'clock yesterday
morning three men entered their room
and one pointed a revolver at them and
commanded them to keep their heads un
der the bed ciothes on pain of being shot.
The burglars searched the pockets of
their clothes and then the man with the
revolver asked Meyers for the key of a
trunk that wus in the room. Meyers told
him the trunk did not belong to eitner of
them. "You're a liar," retorted the rob
ber, and he struck Meyers twice over the
head with the butt end ot the revolver.
Meyers begged him not to murder him as
he was teuing him the truth and he de
sisted.
The trio then left, taking with them a
suit of clotnes, coat and vest and $3 in
coin. The matter was reported to Police
man Lake, but neither McClalr nor Mey
ers could give an accurate description of
the three men.
Dentist Made to Disgorge.
Charles Morgan, a sailor, was found in
an unconscious condition at Battery and
Jackson streets shortly after 10 o'clock
Saturday night and was taken to the Re
ceiving Hospital. He was roused suffi
ciently to say that he had been robbed of
ihe last thing he remembered was
being in a saloon at California and Du
pont streets, where it is supposed he had
been drugged. His trousers pockets had
been cut out and his purse, which he
kept in his stocking, was found to bs
empty. Captain Seymour has detailed De
tectives McMahon and Riordan on the
case.
Frank Miller, a sailor, who resides at
the White House, 414 Jackson street, was
brutally beaten by footpads on Battery
street, between Pacific and Jackson,
shortly after 2 o'clock yesterday morning.
At the time Miller was going to hte lodg
ings in an intoxicated condition. The rob
bers secured $2 from him.
Dr. McPike, a dentist at 2525 California
street, reported to the police yesterday
that he was held up by a footpad In the
park at Pierce and Post streets shortly
after » o'clock Saturday night. He was
with Miss Annie Warren of 2503 Clay
street at the time.
Robbed in Daytime.
The young lady had taken a seat on a
a bench in the park for a moment as
something in her shoe was hurting her
foot and the footpad came up to Dr. Mc-
Pike with a revolver In his hand and de
manded his money. He got $2 and the
dentist induced him not to take his
watch, as it was a keepsake and not
worth much money. Dr. McPike was able
to give a good description of the footpad
to Detective Coleman, who was detailed
on the case by Captain Seymour yester
day.
One of the boldest robberies ever com
mitted on the front took place yesterday
morning. William Ryan was knocked
down by two men on the corner of Jack
son and Battery streets and his pockets
were rifled.
About 11 a. m. yesterday Ryan was on
Jackson street and heading for his room.
The two footpads crossed the street,
knocked him senseless and then robbed
him of $4 20. The act was witnessed by
Clarence Carett and William Cummings,
who, after helping the injured man to his
feet, followed the robbers. They saw them
enter the restaurant and Carett went to
look for a policeman, while Cummings
remained on watch. When Carett got back
with Officer Flynn the men were gone,
but a search along Davis street resulted
in the arrest of a young fellow ¦who gave
the name of Jesse Smith. He was charged
at the Harbor prison with robbery, he
being identified by Carett and Cummings.
The other man escaped.
STEAMERS WILL AXD
THE CARIBOO MINERS
Arrangements Being Made for Ma
chinery in Extensive Operations
in the North.
VICTORIA, B. C, Nov. 17.— Senator
Campbell, intimately connected with ex
tensive mining .operations in the Cariboo
country, left last night for San Francisco
to consult with his company and place
orders for a hoist to handle 10,000 pounds
and two water skits with a capacity of
1000 gallons each to handle water in case
of an emereency in the Miocene Com
pany's three compartment shafts at Har
pers Camp, Horsefly. It Is for the deep
est shaft ever sunk in Carifcoo.
In addition to carrying on the regular
mining work of the company, Senator
Campbell has arranged to put on Horsefly
Lake steamers, the plans of which were
finished a week ago. Boilers and engines
are now ordered. A complete sawmill
outfit will be installed also at Harpers
Camp. In connection with the steamboats
company stores will be started at various
points.
ADVEKTISEMENTS.
: . '^"--~'i • » ,' ' ' ' ' ' '' ¦
Mellin's
Food
principles have
been right for 35
years.
Our boot, "Mellin's Food Babies** '
sent free if you will write us.
Mellin'i Food Co., Boston, Mass.
'"'* AMXTSEMENTS.
CHUTES^and ZOO
EVERT AFTERNOON AND EVENING.
Francis Le Page, The Leslies, Hattie
Savage, Grazer and Trelease, The
Kramers. Paloma Ladies' Quartette
NEW MOVING PICTURES.
HARRY HARMON, HIGH DIVER.
AMATEUR THURSDAY.
Telephone for Seats— Park 23.
LECTURE
ALICEMEYNELL.
" "CHARLES DICKENS AS A MAN OF
LETTERS."
' CENTURY HALL, 1213 SUTTER STREET.
MONDAY, November 18th. at 3:30 P. M.
Tickets, .50, at , Sherman & Clay's.
FTQPWP'R'Q CONCERT HOUSE,
The Lenton Trio, Marlon George, Blame
Brother*, Edna Hamlln, Gertrude Wade, Karle
and Bailey, . Eleanora ¦ Jenkins and Hlnrlchs'
Orchestra. Reserved seats 25c. Matinee Sunday.'
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, NOVEMBER 18, 1901.
LARGE AUDIENCE
SEES MINSTRELS
California Packed With
Admirers of Black
Face.
The Orpheum Presents a Bill
Full of Inte Training
Features.
Haverly's Minstrels opened before i
crowded house at the California Theater
last night and the show presented by th*
black faced artists was deserving of
every bit -of the hearty applause which
greeted each number. Being a minstrel j
performance, the audience looked for ,
nothing new, and consequently were not !
disappointed when it saw the same old
lirst part with its galaxy of tambos and
bones. It is a combination of clever
people. They all sing well and the old
George "Wilson tells his stories in his us- j
ual inimitable manner and sings as well I
as ever. George Morgan, the 'taale so- !
prano, possesses a wonderful voice, and
Mozier and Conley, the singing and talk
ing comedians, do a turn that is laugha
ble in the extreme. Marion and Pearl do
a very tunny turn in a clever manner,
tneir tumbling itiiig especially good, and
Garden and aoineis are great musical
artists.
. * •
Never before in this city has there been
such a troupe ol cycle naers as the Kauf
manns, who made their rirst appearance
at the Orpheum yesteuay. There are six
in the family— a girl three boys, a man
and a woman — ana they ride around the
stage, which seems decidedly small, by
the way, in pairs ana trios, and finally
the hall-dozen are wheeling about in soud |
formation. Cross-legged, siue saddle and |
through the frame, they all work the j
same iricks at once, and do them well,
'men the stage is given over to one of the I
boys. The youngster has absolute com
mand of his wheel, and a triple piroutte
is performed without loss of balance. He
strips the front of his frame while riding I
the rear wheel, and resumes the same be
fore striking the stage, and he rides three
high on one wheel and keeps on riding
until he get 6 ready to come down. There
is no perceptible lack of steadiness when j
he is carrying the two on his back, and i
both in single riding and team work the |
troupe are wonders. A somersault over
a table is an extraordinary feat, and the
finish is when the six ride on one ma
chine at the same time.
Bicknell. a modeler of comic and his
torical heads in clay, kept the house in
laughter for twenty minutes. He has
been heralded as "tnc most successful
mud-slinger on earth," and he lives up to
his title. Buffalo Bill, an American In
dian, a German, an irishman and his
mother-in-law were fashioned in short
order, and while the last named was be
ing slapped together ir.e orchestra played
"Because I Love You," and when Bick
nell fired additional clay at tier, saying,
"That's what I'm poing to give her
Christmas,' the musical accompaniment
was "You'll Get All That Is Coming to
You."
Ward and Curran present a humorous
hodge-podge entitled "Familiar Charac
ters," during which Mr. Curran sings sev
eral ballads and impersonates an Italian
arrested for maltreating his wife and a
stuttering cab driver. Mr. Ward enacts
the role of a San Francisco Police Judge
and an eccentric old *naid. Lillian Burk
hart, the indefatigab'e worker, presented
for the fourth week of her successful en
gagement Edmund Day's clever playlet
"A Deal on Change," in which she scored
such a hit last year. The present pro
duction is better than the former one, and
Miss Burkhart Is ably supported by Os
car Norfleet. Fred Niblo. the American
monolopist, had a complete new routine
of stories, in which he was happier, if
possible, than last wetk.
"The Girl With the Auburn Hair"
changed her songs, introducing "The
Holy City," and was well received. The
Fraser family of dancers. Joseph Adel
man, the xylophone virtuoso and chime
organist, and new pictures on the bio
graph completed an unusually strong pro
gramme.
* * •
"A Gaiety Girl" will be the bill at the
Tivoli this week. The Pollard Lillipu
tians have "caught on." and there has
been nothing- cleverer in their line ever
seen here. "A Gaiety Girl" is a bright
and fetching opera and is excellently cast.
Its comedy interests v-ill be amply cared
for by the Pollard juveniles, and their
well-known vocal attainments promise
everything necessary bo far as the music
is concerned. During this engagement
there is a Sunday matinee in addition to
the usual Saturday afternoon perform
ance to supply the extra demand for
seats.
» • »
The Alcazar Theater presents this week
the London and New York comedy suc
sess "Self and Lady" for the first time in
this city. The Alcazar stock company is
at its best just now with the recent addi
tions to its forces that have been made.
Miss Marion Convere, Miss Margaret
Wycherley and M. I. Alsop are among
those who have founud strong favor with
Alcazar patron?. Next week, Thanksgiv
ing week, "We 'Uns of Tennessee" will
be put on.
» • •
The "King of the Opium Ring" Is at the
Central this work, beginning to-night. The
big melodrama created a furor of melo
dramatic sort when it was first seen here
last winter, and has had enormous suc
cesses wherever it has been seen. It is a
hilarious absurdity, and any one who
wants a good time and to get rid of the
blues would do well to go up to the Cen
tral this week. The piece will be elab
orately staged.
* • •
At Fischer's Concert-house a bill of un
usual excellence has been prepared for
this week. Among- the entertainers are
the Lentnn trio of comedians, acrobats
and hat throwers; Marion G^orce. violin
soloist; Gertrude Wa<ie. hallarlist; Karl
find BR'ley. triple horizontal ba'- exnerts;
Edna Hamlln, lyric soprano; the B'alne
brothers, herculean acrobats, and Elea
nora .Tonkins, the popular operatic vocal
ist. Hlnrichs' orchestra will offer an en
tire change of programme.
• • •
The new bill which opens at the Chutes
to-day includes Francis Le Page, the
famous jumper and po.e vaults ; the Les
lies, comedy musical artists; Hattie Pav
asre. in popular songs: the Paloma Ladles'
Quartet; the Kramers In a new sketch,
and Arnold Grazer and Blanche Trelease
in their mystic mirror dances. A series
N of new moving pictures will also be
shown.
• • *
"William Collier 1n a new comedy Ijv
Agustus Thomas, entitled "On tb» Quiet."
opened last night at the Columbia. The
scene of the comedy is laid around the
college life of a young American, and the
author skillfully utilized his material for
the creation of Innocent mirth.
CABRIES THE BULLET
THIRTY-SEVEN YEARS
Aged Soldier Surprised by Develop
ments in a Surgical Operation
in Spokane.
SPOKANE, Wash., Nov. 17.—Thirty
seven years ago at the battle of Columbia,
Term., Henry Sprague, now of Spokane,
was shot with an old Springfield rifle, the
ball entering on the right side of the
nose.
Sprague never knew the bullet was im
bedded in the bone until this week. A
pain caused him to seek a physician, who
inquired the cause of the scar. A little
examination and the bullet was located.
When extracted it weighed exactly one
ounce. The wound is healing rapidly and
Sprague will return to his family in a few
days. He says he had never experienced
pain from the wound since It healed up
after the rude surgery in the field
Sprague is 60 years old and lives on a
ranch near Spokane.
Light Sentence for Safe-Robberg.
CHARLES CITY, lowa, Nov. 17.— The
first safeblowers to receive sentence since
the recent series of bank robberies began
were Frank Riley, Carl Van Gordon and
Thomas Williams, all of whom will serve
two years in the penitentiary. They plead
ed guilty of robbing a safe at PoweraviUe.
There have been ten robberies in lowa
since November L
FORSAKES SOCIETY LIFE
FOR THEATRICAL CAREER
Miss Eleanor C. Haber the Latest Californienne to
Seek Honors Amid Stageland Glitter.
MISS ELEANOR C. HABER Is
the latest society girl of San
Francisco to determine upon a
stage career. Miss Haber has
decided talent to which the at
tention of managers In the East has been
called. The result Is that Miss Haber
will leave for the East shortly, where
she will complete her dramatic studies
prior to her professional debut on the
Gotham stage.
Miss Haber is a daughter of the late
well known auctioneer, H. I. Haber of the
firm of Davis, Haber & Co. She Is young,
charming and a fine reader. On the even
ing of the 20th inst. she will appear as
Juliet in the farce "Petticoat Perfidy" at
Native Sons Hall on Mason street. This
will be her first appearance in public,
although the affair is strictly invitational.
Prior to her departure for the East, Miss
Haber will give a dramatic recital, which
will be in the nature of a farewell to
her friends. Miss Haber is popular in
MEADE DEPARTS
FOR THE ORIENT
Trouble of the Engineers
Settled to Suit Those
on Board.
The United States transport Meade
sailed yesterday morning at 6 o'clock, the
trouble in the engineer's department hav
ing been adjusted to the satisfaction of
the engine room crew. The adjustment
enabled the vessel to get away and means
peace for the present voyage, but the
Marine Engineers' Association will prob
ably take a hand in effecting a permanent
understanding in the case of other trans
ports.
The action of those of the Meade's en
gineers who resigned their positions rath
er than proceed on the voyage short
handed is heartily indorsed by members
of the association, and while the organ
ization has so far declined to take any
official cognizance of the trouble there is
a strong feeling of disapproval at the
action of the men who replaced the re
signing officers.
'The transport service is particularly
hard on the engineers' department," said
one member of the association yesterday,
"and cutting down the engine room crew
is not only unfair to the engineer officers,
but is inviting unnecessary danger and
imperiling the safety of valuable Govern
ment property. It Is necessary to main
tain steam on transports from the time
they leave here until their return. This
makes it difficult and in some cases al
most impossible to attend to necessary
overhauling of the boilers and other parts.
With a full complement every precaution
necessary for safety can be taken, but
short-handed a great deal must be left
to luck. . .
"A Government transport, he con
tinued, "engaged in tropical waters should
have an even larger crew in the engine
room than would be necessary on a
steamship engaged on a regular commer
cial run The Government will soon see
the folly of attempting economy in this
direction. The matter will be fully ex
plained by the association to the proper
authorities, and I do not believe there
will be much more heard of reducing en
gine room crews on United States trans-
The Marine Engineers Association is
probably the most conservative organiza
tion of its kind in the world. It has the
respect of the shipping community and is
not likely to do anything which will in
any way hamper the Government. The
association is not through with the Meade
affair however, and before the next
transport sails there will be a definite un
derstanding between the Government and
the association as to the amount of as
sistance required In transport engine
There is no blame attached to Captain
Matthews, the superintending engineer
of the transport service at this port. In
reducing the crew of the Meade he was
simply following orders from Washington.
He understands the situation as well as
any member of the Marine Engineers' As
sociation, and will probably be an import
ant factor in restoring the old order of
affairs.
Boy Caught With Plunder.
Three boys were seen by Policeman
Braig acting in a suspicious manner on
Powell street, between Geary and Post,
about 4 o'clock yesterday morning. They
scattered and Braig succeeded in captur
ing one of them, who gave the name of
Ed Viner and his residence at 2SI Ivy ave
nue. When searched fourteen packages
of cigarettes and tobacco and a new pipe
were found in his pockets. He said he got
them from the other boys, whose names
he said were John Johnson and Ed Mc-
Farlane. He was locked up in^the "tanks"
pending an investigation.
Joe Bernstein to Retire.
Joe Bernstein is to retire from the ring.
He is matched to fight Herrora at Fresno
on December 11 and will make thiß his
farewell appearance.
ELEANOR HABER. THE SO
CIETY OIRL. WHO "WILL. BE
COME AN ACTRESS.
her set and her resolve to win fame as
an actress is a cause for rejoicing to her
many friends.
LOCATE DEBTORS
TRHOUGH MAILS
Scheme Is Worked by
Bill Collectors in
This City.
A shrewd scheme Is being worked
through the United States mails by some
of the bill collectors in the ity. With the
approach of the holiday season it ia not
unusual for persons to be notified by ex
press companies that prepaid packages
are awaiting them at their offices and
the receivers of the information have
visions of presents from old Santa Claus.
Hundreds of postal cards are being
mailed by an "express company" that
exists only in the minds of its promoters.
The postal card sent to the last known
address tells the recipient that a prepaid
package awaits him at the office and will
he "kindly fill out the return half of the
postal card giving his correct address."
Uncle Sam delivers the postal to a new
address when known.
The bait is a tempting one and Is swal
lowed. The "express company" has all
replies sent to a post office box at the
main postoffice, and the location of the
"company" is of course' unknown.
Persons who take the bait, instead of
receiving a package of "goodies" are
furnishing their correct addresses for bill
collectors, who use the above means to
secure the desired information.
The persistent bill collector will then
haunt the abode or office of the debtor,
who wonders how hia creditors found out
his new address.
The postofflce . authorities state that
there is no way to stop the use of the
mailß by the bill collectors in the manner
indicated. They have carefully gone over
the proposition, but the postal laws are
not broad enough to prevent Uncle Sam's
postofflce service being utilized for the
purpose named.
LOSES A PROPELLER
IN A STORMY SEA
Collier Victoria, From This Port, Is
Towed Into Esquimalt by
the San Mateo.
VICTORIA, B. C, Nov. 17.— The collier
Victoria,* in ballast from San Francisco
fri Ladysmith, was towed Into Esquimalt
to- right by the collier San Mateo. The
Victoria lost her propeller while 300 miles
off Cape Flattery and was drifting in a
helpless condition when her signals of
distress were noticed by the San Mateo,
wh'ch was also bound north. It was at
first reported that the disabled steamer
wa.« the Northern Pacific liner OlympJa,
which left here last Monday for the
OKent.
The Victoria was in a heavy sea, and
her propeHer clearing the water, her tail
sraft broke and her propeller dropped
off. The machinery was considerably
damaged. The Victoria is owned by a
British company and the San Mateo by
the Pacific Improvement Company.
Accused of Throwing Add.
LOS ANGELES, Nov. 17.— Louis V.
Monroy is under arrest, charged with
throwing a- cupful of sulphuric acid in
the face of Vicento Sonena, an old man.
It seems that Monroy's son was abou'
to marry the daughter of Sopena. the
match being favored by Sopena and op
posed by Monroy. In his anger over So
pena's desire to marry his daughter to
young Monroy the elder Monroy is said
to have dashed acid into the old man's
face, burning him in a terrible manner.
Wounds Cause His Death.
LOS ANGELES, Nov. 17.— William
Boysden, who was shot on October 27 by
Lewis C. Price during a quarrel, has died
from the wounds received at the time
and Price la in jail charged with murder.
Price was arrested once before, but on
his victim's improvement in health was
released on bail.
¦ ? »
.- Roanoke Rye, ¦ Honey and Horehound.
Get It. '.You'll not regret it. . ,s. •
DRUIDIC ORDER
GAINS MEMBERS
Monster Initiation Is
Held in Odd Fel
lows' Hall.
Two Hundred Strangers Are
Inducted Into the
Mysteries.
Yesterday was a red-letter day In the j
history of Druidisna in San, Francisco, for I
in Odd Fellows' Hall nearly 200 strangers j
were initiated into the mysteries of the |
order in the presence of many of the grand i
officers and nearly 1000 Druids from the j
various groves of this city and those i
across the bay. The groves that had the j
greatest number of candidates initiated
were Manzanita, with 78; Perseverance.
36; Hesperian, 17; McKinley. 11; Galileo, 7,
and the other groves furnished from two
to five each.
The main hall had been arranged in the j
form of a grove and on either side of the j
hall chairs were set out in sections for \
the candidates of each grove. The stage
was occupied by Noble Grand Arch Ju
lius S. Godeau. Past' Supreme Arch L. G.
Schord, Past Noble Arches L. F. Dunand
and George H. Bahrs, Grand Secretary
James F. Martinoni, Grand Treasurer F.
J. Horn, Grand Marshal George Beck,
Grand Trustees A. M. Armstrong, Charles :
de Leigh and members of the executive
committee.
After a few Introductory remarks by the
chairman of the executive committee, an
English-speaking team from Golden Star
Grove, in appropriate costume and each
member wearing a long white beard, giv
ing him the appearance of a venerable !
Druid of olden time, was presented. This |
team, a comparatively new one. did its
work in a very satisfactory manner, giv
ing the ovate' s degree to all but those
who had placed their membership in Per
severance, the French grove. The team i
did some pretty floorwork, particularly La '
the formation of the initials of the gen- |
eral password. The charges were well de- ;
livered and the members of the team were
loudly applauded.
Then followed the French team, which
In many respects was the equal of the i
other, and in dramatic effect it surpassed !
it. The judges of the competition found I
¦ that each team had outclassed the other I
in certain parts of the work, and that,
taken as a whole, each had done equally
well, so they recommended that each be
awarded a prize of equal value.
After the initiation Noble Grand Arch
Godeau delivered an address of welcome
to the newly initiated members. Past N-j- \
ble Grand Arch Bahrs talked to the new
members upon their duty to the order
they had Joined and Past Noble Grand
Arch Dunand gave their index to enable I
them to study the history of Druidism, :
so they can more fully appreciate the les- I
sons taught in the ritualistic work. He
closed with an eloquent address on the
beneficial work, in which the order is en
gaged in this State.
The chairman, after thanking all who
contributed to the success of the grand
initiation, heard those present sing
"America," after which the meeting was
adjourned with three cheers for the noble
grand arch.
IDENTITY OF SUSPECTED
TRAIN-ROBBER IN DOUBT
Wyoming Officials Feel Certain That
He Is Butch Cassidy, a Noto
rious Desperado.
CHEYENNE, Wyo., Nov. 17.— Local of
ficers wno have had much to do with
the "Hole in the Wall" and "Robbers'
Roost" gangs of outlaws in this State
during' the past five years, and who are
acquainted with every member, say they
are almost certain that the man under
arrest in St. Louis for attempting to pass
bank bills taken by the men who robbed
the Great Northern train at Wagner,
Mont., in July last is no other than Harry
Longbaugh. Old residents of the State
who have known Longbaugh since he was
a boy, say the description of the prisoner
answers that of L" gbaugh. United States
Marshal F. A. Hadsell knows Longbaugh
well and feels certain he would be able
to identify him. Ex-Warden McDonald,
of the State penitentiary, says he believes
the prisoner is Butch Cassidy, the noted
train and bank robber who served a num
ber of years in the Wyoming penitentiary.
REASONS FOR RECALL OF
PORTUGUESE MINISTER
Cables the Death of President McKin
ley Three Days Before It
Occurred.
CHICAGO, Nov. 17.— The London cor
respondent of the Daily Mail at Lisbon,
referring to the recall of Viscount do
Santo Thyrso, the Portuguese Minister to
the United States, says that inquiries at
the Government offices elicited the infor
mation that the Minister cabled the an
nouncement of the death of President Mc-
Kinley three days before it occurred. It
was for this that he was recalled.
Dedicate Church to Her Memory.
A small but pretty church was dedi
cated yesterday on Paris street, between
China and Brazil avenues, in the Excel
sior district, in memory of Miss Alice
Hollman, the deceased daughter of Mr.
and Mrs. H. Hollman. The young lady
in whose memory the little church is
erected was for years a much beloved
scholar In the Sunday school of the
United Evangelical Church, formerly on
Twenty-first street, but now located on
Twenty-fourth and Harrison streets. The
service yesterday afternoon was conduct
ed in the German tongue by Rev. J. D.
Klooz, the minister of the new church.
In the evening the service was in Eng
lish. At both services the church was
well filled. The architecture of the build
ing is Gothic. Service will be held every
Sunday.
ADVERTISEMENTS. ¦
HARPERS
New Christmas Stories
OVER THE
PLUM PUDDING
By JOHN KENDRICK BANGS.
These arc humor: us stories in
the same delightfully whimsi-
cal vein as the author's "House
¦ Boat" series. l Most of them
were written ' specially for .*'
Christmas. The volume is at-
tractively bcund, gilt top,
deckel edg^s and portrait fron- .,
tispiece of the auth t in tint.
An ideal Christmas gift.
$1.15 Net.
HARPER & BROTHERS,
FRANKLYN SQUARE, NEW YORK.
4% ||§| #4 Rifles, Ammunition. Fish-
¦ll I Mil" l nK Tackle, Sporting. Out-
1.8 I 111 ins Goods. Largest Stock.
1l 111 l Lowest Prices. Send for
UW I m%S Catalogue and Job Sheet.
w¦ ¦ w shhsv* ft BARBKa CO.
, . ¦:-. 739 Market. 511 Kcarny
;..' \A/. X. HESS, : ''
' ROTARY; PUBLIC AND ATTORNET-AT-LAW.
Tenth Floor, Room 1015, Claus Spreckels Bid*
~ . .-.«.; Telephone Main 983. .
; - Residence 821 ' California St., below Powell.
I • Residence Telephone ' James 1301.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
TELEPHONE I3f^ J&UFIJB
22-224 SUTTER ST.
SPECIAL REDUCTIONS, 0
MONDAY— TUESDAY— WEDNESDAY.
Our Stock of Holiday Goods,
Bonbons and Dinner Favors, in-
cluding many novelties, is now
complete. We invite inspection
and solicit your early orders.
Crown Port or Sherry. 5 *tt£M!
Regular 50c bot. Limit $1.00 to cus-
tomer. Positively last sale at thN
. low price. Wines and bottles have
advanced. , .-.
MINCE MEAT, Home made.
We offer this season an exceptional
• fine quality. Including jar.
Pint Jar. Reg. 40c ROC
Quart jar. Res. 60c..:.. -s(>«
PETIT POIS. ' N .r 2 E r can 15c
- Finest quality of Peas, this season**.
$2. 25 doz »1 . 75
COFfEE, OR R I e N ;T C AI - 2 lbs. 55c
A high grade blend. Roasted ani
ground fresh daily. ' J
RILLETTES, New.
Plain. Regular Jar 20c l?i«
Truffled. Regular .lar 23c 20c
Delicious for sandwiches.
PRUNES, ITALIAN, 3 lbs. 25c
Regular 12^c lb.
SAPOUO, Reg. 3 for 25c; 4 cakes 25c
The article everybody uses.
SARDINES. Boneless Bezier.
Regular 25c— one-quarter t1n....20c
Regular 30c— one-half tin 230
Yacht Club; new importation.
TOMATO CATSUP, bot 15c
L.. L. & Co.'s. Regular 20c.
WALNUTS, Th X' h • 2 lbs. 25c
Regular 13c lb. ' ' :•* ' - • '
MACKEREL, fc-J 15c each
Just received; fresh.
FLOUR SIFTER, 21c
Sifting and stirring with one hand. •
MEAT CHOPPER, EJT2S-SI.B
To prepare your own mincemeat
and for general kitchen use. ffiajfH
ALMOND SOAP, £S& 3-cakebox2sc
Regular 33c. Softens the skin.
Dandruff Core and Hair Tonic, Ik
Regular 50c bot. Johnson's.
CLARET, "LA FAVORITA." ,
Regular — Dozen quarts 53.2.V
Regular $2.so— Dozen pints. .-82.15
This State's finest table wine. ¦
fjfi KHZ „- First shipment of "Velas-
UQAM3 "- ; ouez » are due , daily.
FBEIGHT PBEPAID WITHIN
100 MILES.
MUNYON'S
BOLD
CURE
Nearly everybody seems to be lalcia; Trot. Mo*
yon's tnlil fare whenever • cold appears. I:
j relieves the head, nose, throat and lungs so quickly
| that a cold need no longer be a forerunner of grippe,
' diphtheria or pneumonia. A vial of the Cold Care
. is like a life insurance policy. Every one of his
'< remedies is as sure. * Mostly 35c. vial. Guide to
I Health free. Mnnvon. New York and Philadelphia.
MUJTO.rS I.VHALEB CUBES tITAaVWL
j
d visit DR. JORDAN'S qrcatJ
MUSEUM OF ANATOMY
! 4 CM IQSIIU2XIT ST. btt-ltHTtt, 3.7.8*1.
\ XjT The Lunit Anatomical HuMna Ib tfea \
m — -#T» World. »ukau<« m »ny eoao%cM4 M
7 IBM *se»»e p*»i<l«>l7 emr«4 by tie eldest \
# f BJE J Specialist on tj»e C«ast. Est.j»r«an.
Sdfjjf I OR* JORDAN-DISEASES OF MEM 6
v W jK^m Consultation free tad strictly prrrata. \
m I (VI Treatment personally or by letter. A §
T I /^y A«Kn Cur* in (very caM undertaken. T
iA; lI A Write for Beak. FHILOIoraT mt A
V 1 I 1 % HAMUei. mailsb VMS. (Af
A 4 t* »alnabl« book far mm) - . . \
V 08. JOIDAN * to. 1051 Market St. , S. F. V
fc«Av^^^«av*>y*^^«a>**a>*«V**av^4i
STATEMENT;
—OF THE —
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
— OF THB—— . J
Fidelity and Casualty
COMPANY !
OF NEW. YORK. IK THE STATE OT JTaTrT
York, on the 31st day of December. A. D.
! 1900, and for the year ending on that day, a*
: made to the Insurance Commissioner of that
; State of California, pursuant -to the provision*
! of sections 610 and 811 of the Political Code.
I condensed as per blank furnished by th« Com-
missioner.
¦•-•• CAPITAL. ' ¦ '
Amount of Capital Stock, paid tip In
Cash ...$ 250.000 mX
ASSETS. .
Real Estate o**ned by Company $ 547,737 19
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company 2,380,48) 25
Cash In Company's Office 6.42S is
Cash In Banks U2.SSC 15
i Interest due and accrued on all
' Stocks and Loans .......;...;........ - 1.034 29
Premiums In due Course of Collection 141,156 43
Rents due and accrued 705 4}
Reserve reinsurance deposit 22,784 (2
Total Assets 53.336.215 M
\ ..\..- LIABILITIES. ~
Losses in process of Adjustment or IB .
- Suspense ......' ;. ....$ 18«,2» 7S
Losses resisted. Including; expenses.. 564,343 S3
Gross Premiums ;on Risks running
• one : year • or leas, I ; - reinsur- ¦ •
ance 50 per cent 1,01,379 49
Gross premiums on Risks running
more than one year. I :. rein-
surance pro rata 227,73$ 09
Contingent Fund 150.000 00
All other liabilities 43,004 33
Total Liabilities :..." 11.793,219 47
' '
INCOME.
Net cash actually received for pre-
miums ......:.........„.. «3.572.5C2 M
Received for Interest and dividends
on Bonds. Stocks. Loans and from .
all other sources 97. 978 85
Received for Rents . 83,471 8*
Received from all other sources 12.305 00-
BUS! ¦HSBtf&nttrtlß^BttlMttSnMSttKHttri ¦ x
Total Income '......... $3,748,257 83
- EXPENDITURES. '¦
Net amount paid for Losses (Includ-
- ing I ' . losses of previous year5). 51,612,828 34
Dividends to Stockholders 50,000 ••
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage ' 937.77181
Paid for Salaries, Fees and other
charges for of fleers, clerks, etc — 248.724 88
Paid for State. National and Local
taxes .«...' 98.328 OS
All other payments and expenditures. 484.851 a
Total Expenditures ...53. 430.304 27 '
GEO F. SEWARD. President.
. ROBT. J. HILLAS. Secretary.
- Subscribed and sworn to before ma thla. sth
day of February. 1901
* . W. L. KERR, Notary Public.
CHARLES J. BOSWORTH,
General Agent,
MUTUAL LIFE BUILDING,
«AN FRANCISCO. CAl*
56
WHEELMEN WHIRL OVER THE FAMOUS SAN LEANDRO TRIANGLE COURSE
DOWNING RIDES
A FAST RACE
Wins Time Prize in Ten-
Mile Event at San
Leandro.
Agraz of San Jose Is First
From a Handicap
Mark.
Burton Downing, the slashing big rider
of the Garden City wheelmen, made the
fastest time yesterday in the eighth an
nual ten-mile handicap road race of the
California Associated Cyclists. He rode
the ten miles over ordinary roads in
twenty-five minutes and twelve seconds.
His brother, Lace Downing, followed him
over th« tape, thtir wheels lapping one
another. Less than a wheels length
away were A. McDonald, als*o of the
Garden City Wheelmen, and Fred West,
of the Bay City Wheelmen. All these
riders started from the "scratch " mark.
The actual winner of the race turned
up in E. AgTaz, of the Garden City
"Wheelmen, who was allowed one minute
and thirty seconds start. With him in
the last rush to the tape were H. L.
Kewsom of the Bay City Wheelmen, M.
Gray and C. Limberg of the Oarden City
Wheelmen. They linished in a bunch.
Following: them came a group of nine
riders, whom the officials could not place,
as they crossed the tape in a compact
mass. After all the other positions had
been allotted the names of these nine
were placed in a hat and drawn one lit
a time and were then given places in the
official table.
There were a number of minor acci
dents and one severe one. W. D. Stod
dard collided with a dog near the finish
and was thrown heavily. He did not re
gain consciousness for some time. A doc
tor said he sustained a slight concussion
of the brain.
I. R. Lind, a veteran of many road
races, was among the prizewinners, se
curing fifth place.
Of the forty-two starters, thirty-three
finished. J. J. Borree fell soon after the
start, disabling his wheel. Williams, Phil
lips, Mitchell and McXulty were in col
lision with a buggy which was being
driven on the wrong side of the road on
the base of the triangle. All fell, but got
off lightly in the matter of bruises.
Bergman sustained a punctured tire.
Williamson fell, as did Ballister. The
following is the official table of the race:
•8 ¦ II
% Rifling
t: RIDER. Club. I Hndcp. Time.
c"
I :_
lE. Agraz *G.C. W. 1:30 j 2S:2S
2H. L. Xewsom.. B. C. W. 2:00 25:58 1-5
3 M. Gray ¦ G. C. W. 2:15 26:13 2-5
4 C. Limbers G. C. W. 1:30 25:2S 3-3
6 L R. Lind C. W. 2:15 26:111-5
€ i P. Murray B. C. "W. 2:43 26:45
G. Fuller G. CW. ; 2:15 25:30
S|C. L0ng....." B. C. W. 2:00 26:011-5
SW. Waible 2:15 ; 26:18
IOiP. Castro G. C. W. 2:30 j 26:33
1 W. PeMara B. C. W. 1:30 25:33 1-5
1' A. Zimmerman. C. C. C. I 2:45 26:48 2-5
13] C. Marty G. C. W. 1:30 25:33 3-5
14 IJ. Burke G. C. W. 2:15 2G:IS 4-5
151 C. Hilton G. C. "W. 2:30 26:34
16 V. Curlin G. C. W. 2:15 26:31
l'iF. Marisch B. C "W. 2:15 26:31 1-3
IS V. Grey B. C. W. 1:« 27:02
13 J. Simmone B. C. W. 2:00 26:19
20 A. T. Smith O. W. 1:30 23:50
211 G. Borree S. F. W. 2:15 27:01
BE. McNulty B. C. W. 2:45 27:32
23[E. Kolan ' 6. F. W. 3:15 28:04 .
24U. Keele B. C. W. 3:15 28:05
258. Do^-ning G. C. W. Scratch 23:12
2«jL. Downing G. C. W. Scratch 25:12 1-5
27) A. McDonald... G. C. W. Scratch 25:12 2-5
2SJF "West I B. C. W. Scratch .12 3-5
23 1 W. Push „. S. P. W. 2:45 .27:49
S9IE. Hoffman. .». S. F. W. 8:15 28:83
31; G. Kroetz S. F. W. 2:00 27:19
321 G. D. Crawford S. F. W. 2:30 27:50
3S G. Williams....! B. C. W. 3:15 2S:al
After the road race the riders and spec
tators repaired to Elmhurst track, where
some races were held. The principal
event was a five-mile paced race between
Burton Downing and Al Kr.ox. Downing
hiid just made fastest time in the road
race but it seemed to take none of the
speed out of him. as he defeated Knox
handily. They started from opposite sides
of the track. Knox's tandem pacemakers
took him along too fast in the early part
of the race, practically running him off
his legs. He nearly overhauled Downing
in the first mile but then dropped back,
Downing winning by a lap. Hardy Down
ing, who has just returned from a suc
cessful season on the Eastern circuit,
directed the pacing of his promising
brother. The time for ten miles was
10:37?4.
As though this was not enough for one
day Downing won the mile handicap from
•cratch in 2:48.
This is the last racing on Elmhurst
track, as it is to be torn down at once.
The track was originally built in the
V-Jeflrome near Golden Gate Park and
•was the scene of some of the most ex
citing racing ever held on the coast. It
¦"as <*ut into sections and removed across
the bay to Elmhurst.
Oakland Track Entries.
The entries at Oakland to-day are as
follows: - ¦ , .
. First race— Five furlongs; purse; maiden two
year-olds.
t7498t. Chester 1131 2788 Major Bird 113
«81 The Maniac ....lift 2812 Torlla 110
2788 r>k. of Richlu.los 2521 Senator Bruce.. ll3
2*21 MalaFpina 110 2812 Knocklngs 110
27»0 Mmtaka, 11l 2812 Peggy Miles ...IK
2790 Rob. Bonner ILIIO
Second race— Six furlongs; Belling; three
year-olds and upward.
Tor«in* 1111 2510 'Wyoming 113
2541 Fine Shot 107 .... Trimmer 107
2836 Mike Rice 11l 2841 Gibraltar 112
223 Norford 114 Distance 107
2610 Titraron 107 32825) Scallywag 104
2532 Censor 107 1(2784)8en Led! 113
. Third Futurity course; Belling; two
year-olds.
2377 S. Lichtenstein.los] 2831 Dr. Scharff 9?
(7To4)Hnaehuca 103 2531 Pirate Maid... 100
2803 Evea G ....-„.. &5 ! <2806)Siiva Cruz 1«8
Fourth — One mile and an eighth; the
Kan Pablo handicap; three-year-olds and up
ward.
RSS Bar. Frletchie. .100 2K22 Brutal 107
... Stddon* S8 (2838) Articulate 112
2813 Fly. Torpedo... 93
Fifth race— One mile and a sixteenth; selling;
three-year-olds and upward.
2516 Bonnie Li6Sak.. 38 I 2827 Sunello 107
<2«<)Galanthus 100 2*41 Decoy 107
I2S4O)Ldy. Meddlesm.los 2540 Imperious r....107
-M» The Gaffer . 96 (2S27)Llzzella 113
<:$23) Lodestar 107'
Sixth race— Seven furlongs; selling; three
year-old* and upward. •*. . > -
2539 Bedeck 1071 2540 Marlon Lynch.. l-*
28» Sea Lion 112 i 2819 Horton 112
<2«>Gusto 1121 '
Probable Winner*.
Fir»t race— Major Bird, Malaspina, Robert
Bonner 11.
nd race— Ben Ledl, Fine Shot Trimmer.
Third race— Huachuca, Evea G, Sol Llchien
etein.
Fourth rn.tr— Articulate, Brutal, Flying Tor
pedo.
Fifth race— Lizzella, Decoy, Galanthus.
Sixth race— Bedeck. Horton, Sea Lion.
Dv Pont Powder.
Black Sporting,
Mining and
Smokeless.
Ask your deafer fcr
Qhollo Loaded Dv Pont
0118110 With Smokeless
C. A. HAIGHT, Agent,
26 Market St.,S.r.
MAY HEMPSTEAD
WINS THE FINAL
Beats Some Fast Dogs
for Honors in Open
Stake.
Narcissus Defeats Ireland in
Special Event at Union
Coursing Park.
The running off of the two stakes of
fered the Union Coursing Park patrons as
the regular weekly attraction resulted in
as line sport as has been seen on the big
field in many months.
The hares were a surprisingly lively lot
and set such a clip for their pursuers that
in almost every instance a decision was
arrived at only after a heavy score had
been rolled up.
The day's feature was the magnificent
exhibition of coursing shown by Joe Hol
ton's performer, May Hernpstead, In the
open stake. That she was considered an
outsider in the going was evinced by the
fact that in the long odfis book she was
posted at 11U tol. One ticket was recorded
at that price just before she went to the
slips for her hrst course.
The trial was an easy one, the speedy
little courser allowing her opponent, Laay
Passage, to score but one point against
her thirteen. After beating Fly by Night
and Greenhall in turn and witn points to
spare, the fast traveler seemed to run
herself to a condition that put her on
edge, as in her next three courses she
showed such speed and determination that
not a single point was credited to the
scores of the hounds she met.
Not alone did Holton's entry win au
easy stake, but to her credit must be
added the breaking of two park records.
With 882 seconds of coursing before the
final she upset a long standing time mark
and a total score of ninety-four gives her
two points above her own heretofore un
equaled tally.
In the final she went to the slips with
King Cotton. A selected hare was liber
ated for the pair and it started a fast
pace from the slips. May led King Cot
ton and nearing the hare turned it in
front of the grand stand and back again.
Not once did King Cotton get close
enough to assist.
Time for relief was near at hand and
as the hare ran by the slippers" stand
Jim Grace grabbed for the hare, picked it
up, and throwing it over the fence ended
the one-sided course.
In the special stake Narcissus won a
grand final from Ireland. Geary's hound
took a lead of two lengths and scored the
lirst six points. Narcissus got possession
and with Ireland working in a mixup, the
score stood 22-10. Narcissus fell and Ire
land got in for 5. Narcissus recovered
and in a strong dash scored the kill.
A. R. Curtis' Fetter Free-Echo young
ster made a great showing in her course
with Hukon Dick. She had the speed but
lost through inexperience.
The day's results, with Judge John
Grace's official scores, follow:
Open stake, first round — Sterl & Knowles'
Sleety Mist beat M. B. Kavanaugh's My Bonnie
King, IS-1: A. B. Kay? Hawker, a bye; George
Sharman'S Gold Bug beat P. J. Reilly' s Royal
UrHon, 15-3; George Nethereott's Hickory Dick
beat A. R. Curtis' Lost Chord. 9-5; L. S.
Barre'e Amedee beat Sterl & Knowles' Rusty
Gold. 11-9; A. Vanderwhlte's Lear King beat
D. Toland's Pleasant Girl. 14-10; H. Lynch' g
Merrimac beat Cheetham & Partlngton's Rep
resentative, 22-4; George Knight's Shadow beat
W. C. Glasson's Master Workman. 14-12; Kelley
& Hanley's Naughty Girl, a bye; J. Cone's
Greenhall beat J. C. Talbot'B Lady Glenmore,
12-0; J. M. Haiton's May Hempstead beat J.
C. Talbot's Lady Passage. 13-1; A. R. Curtis'
Fly by Night beat W. C. Glasson's Lady Sears,
14-5; J. M. Carroll's Auckland beat M. B.
Kavanauph's Might Be Keen, 5-0; J. D. Cardi
nell'e Union Jack beat C. O. Peterson's Silver
Cloud. 16-8; R. B. Kay's Melrose Girl beat
H. Lynch'B Lilac. 5-0; P. M. Clarkson's Golden
Garter beat Chiarini Bros.' White Hat, 10-6;
M. Nealon's Agamemnon beat M. B. Kava
naugh's Swedish. 5-2; E. Geary's Fenii beat V.
J. Reiliy's Honesty, 5-1; George Nethereott's
Re<l Rock beat Ed Pratt' s Shandon, 42-2; E.
Reddy'p Full Moon, a bye; A. Vanderwhite's
Flora McDonald beat A. R. Curtis' Blue Rib
bon. 28-4; C. O. Peterson's Haphazard beat M.
a :> Tor? 1 ' Fall. 14-»- A. R. Curtis' King
Ci.ton '-"eat J. D. CardincTa Je»iiby, 16-5;
r-uii jvenutis Funtenoy withdrawn, V. Wie
kind's F'.oranthe withdrawn.
Second round — Sleety Mist beat Hawker, 9-.V
Gold Bug beat Hickory Dick. 4-1; Amedee beat
Lear King. 11-5; Merrimac beat Shadow, 12-4;
Grecnhall beat Naughty Girl. 6-3; May Hemp
stead beat Fly by Night, 7-4; Auckland beat
Union Jack. 11-4; Golden Garter beat Melroae
Girl, 12-4; Fenii beat Agamemnon. 19-16; Full
Moon beat Red Rock, «-2; Haphazard, a bye;
King Cotton, a bye.
Third round— Sleety Miet beat Gold Bug, 10-6;
Merrimac beat Amedee. 6-4; May Hempstead
beat Greenhall, 15-9; Golden Garter beat Auck
land. 34-6; Full Moon beat Fenii, 4-2; King Cot
ton beat Haphazard, 8-4.
Fourth round— Sleety Mist beat Merrimac.
1-4; May Hempstead beat Golden Garter, 8-0;
King Cotton beat Full Motfn. 10-5.
Fifth round — May Hempstead beat Sleety
Mist. 16-0; King Cotton, a bye.
Deciding course — May Hempstead beat King
Cotton. 32-0.
Special stake, first round— Sterl & Knowlrs'
Olita beat T. J. Cronln's Vandal, 14-10; E.
Geary' p Ireland beat J. M. Carroll's Master
Clair, 11-6; A. R. Curtis' Charta beat George
Pharman's Firm Fellow. 11-2; F. Jones' Wedge
wood beat George Sharman'B Hot Haste, 6-0;
George Nethercott's Floodgate beat George
Sharman's Sir Pasha. 12-«; O. Zahl°« Homer
Boy beat A. R. Curtis' Flying Fox, 14-4; J.
Markland's The Gi after beat Pasha Kennels'
Rural Artist. 6-3; A. R. Curtis' Narcissus beat
Chiartni Bros.' Dewdrop. 8-0.
Second round— lreland beat Vandal, 4-0;
Cbarta beat Wedgewood. 9-5; Floodgate, a bye-
Narcissus beat The Grafter. 9-5.
Third round— lreland beat Charta, S-2; Nar
cissus beat Floodgate. 6-1.
Deciding couree— Narcissus beat Ireland.
24-15.
HANDICAP SINGLES ON
THE TENNIS COTTRTS
large Entry and First-Class Tennis
Is Shown by the Members of the
California Club.
The handicap singles tournament held
on the courts of the California Tennis
flub yesterday brought out some first
class tennis. The "sixth" system of
handicapping was employed and proved a
success.
Owing to the large entry list, play was
completed down to the semi-finals only.
The four contestants who will strive for
first honors are G. N. Armsby, John Gib
son, Richard Erskine and Grant Smith.
In the preliminary round Gibson al
lowed Stubbs one-sixth of 15 and won, 6-2,
6-2. M. Johnson won from Paul Jones by
default. S. H. Adams received five-sixths
of- 15 from R. N. Whitney and won, 2-6,
6-2. 6-3. C. Gardner allowed S. Lilienthal
15 and two-sixths and won, 6-1, 6-1. H.
W. Crowell allowed Gorham one-half of
30 and won, 2-6, 6-4, 11-9. This match was
exceedingly close. C. G. Kuehn allowed
B. Trobock one-sixth of 15 and won, 2-6,
6-3, 7-5.
In the first round Al Kenyon played A.
Duncan on even tennis and won, 6-3, 6-0.
G. N. Armsby received one-sixth of 'M
from G. Whlpple and won, 6-0. 6-0. Gib
son received one-half of 30 from Chet
Smith and won, 3-6. 6-4, 6-3. Johnson won
from Adams by default. Crowell allowed
Gardner 15 and won, 6-2, 0-6, 6-3. Grant
Smith allowed Kuehn 30 and won, 6-2, 6-2.
R. Erskine received 15 from J. A. Cod 3
and won, 2-fc, 8-6, 7-5. I* E. Wood won
from B. G. Wood by default.
In the third round Kenyon and Armsby
played on even terms and the latter won,
b-1. 7-5. Gibson won from Johnson by
default. The next match was expected
to be the best of the day. In it Smith, of
the first class, gave Crowell of the same
class four-sixths of 15. Crowell suffered
from a lack of confidence and Smith won
rather easily, 6-2, 6-3. Erskine allowed
Wood one-half of 15 an* won, 5-7, 6-0, 6-1.
German Bed Cross Entertains.
The German Ladies' Benevolent Society
gave a card party, dance and turkey
raffle last night at San Francisco Turn
Verein Hall. The hall was. well crowded
and a large number of orders for turkeys
were carried off by those who tempted
fortune with the turn of a wheel. Danc
ing was the principal enjoyment of the
evening and a considerable fund was real
ized
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, NOVEMBER 18, 1901.
SWINDELLS IS ENGAGED TO COACH
THE STANFORD BASEBALL TEAM
THIS IS THE MAN WHOM THE EXECUTIVE COMMITTEE OF THE ASSOCIATED STUDENTS OF STAN
FORD UNIVERSITY HAS CHOSEN TO COACH NEXT YEAR'S BASEBALL TEAM. HIS MIDDLE NAME IS
A MISNOMER, AS MAY BE SEEN BY A GLANCE AT HIS RECORD.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Nov.
17. — The executive committee of the
Associated Students has empow
ered Treasurer Harry Edwards to
enter Into an agreement with
Charles Jay Swindells, former varsity
catcher, with the object of securing his
services as coach for the 1902 varsity nine.
While Treasurer Edwards has not made
a definite agreement with Swindells, there
seems no doubt that the latter will coach
the nine. Dr. Murphy, last year's coach,
is practicing his profession in New York,
NEWS OF THE OCEAN AND BAY.
It has been blowirg hard along the
coast for more than a week, and in con
sequence every vessel arriving has had a
tale of woe to tell. Among them was the
Columbia River steamship George W.
Elder. She got in yesterday morning
early, twelve hours iate, and Captain
Randall says it was one of the hardest
voyages he ever made. One big sea that
broke aboard threw Chief Officer Wallace
against the lee rail, and when he was car
ried to his room it was found that his leg
was broken.
The Elder left Portland three days ago,
with thirty-two cabin and forty steerage
passengers. After a short stop at Astoria
she went out over the bar and at once
ran into the gale. For hours she barely
held her own, but C; ; rLain Randall kept
her at it, and she finally got out of the
storm center off the Columbia River.
From that on the run was a fair one.
Among the vessels that were to have
sailed Saturday were the steamship Car
lisle City and the shir John A. Briggs.
Neither of them went to sea on account
of the storm, but when fair weather came
yesterday both went to sea. The Briggs
is bound for Melbourne, Australia, with
a cargo of lumber, while the Carlisle City
goes to England via St. Vincent with a
cargo of. wheat. The latter formerly ran
in the Santa Fe line to the Orient, but
her charter has expired, bo she goes home
for an overhauling.
TKTLL VISIT THE GALLAPAGOS.
Party Is to Sail on Mary Sachs for
Islands.
The schooner Mary Sachs Is to sail for
Clipperton Island and the Gallapagos to
day. Among those who will go away on
her will be Major John Burns, Professor
Beck and some assistants. Major Burns
goes to Clipperton in the interest of the
Pacific Islands Company, which holds the
concession to the guano deposits on Clip
perton. A number of men have been there
since last year, and they will be taken off
and landed at Acapulco. From Clipperton
the Mary Sachs will proceed to the Gal
lapagos, where she will remain until Pro
fessor Beck has finished his researches.
He is after rare birds and reptiles for
some English people, and at the same
time will make a collection of shells for
the Smithsonian Institution.
Alameda a Success.
The Oceanic Steamship Company's Ala
meda, into which new engines and boilers
were recntly placed, made a splendid run
to Honolulu on the last voyage. She aver
aged more than fifteen knotn for tne run,
and when "opened out" each day for a
four-hour spin made 36.5 knots an hour.
Leaving San Francisco in the morning,
she made 304 knots for her first day's run.
Thereafter her showing was 356, 344, 356,
358 and 354 nautical miles for each day.
On her run home the Alameda Is expect
ed to beat this showing.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
Watprs at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide is the same at both places.
MONDAY, NOVEMBER 18.
Sun rises 6 :54
Sun sets 4:57
Moon sets 11:30 p. m.
Time Time' Tlms Time.
Date Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
HWL.W H W L W
18 ... 5:11 4.9 10:30 3.0 3:59 4.4 18:40 ~0. 7
19 .. 5:51 5.1 11:48 2.4 5:25 4.2 11:36 1.0
20 .. 6:34 5.3 12:48 1.7 6:4S 4.2
LWHW L W H W
21 .. 0:33 1.3 7:14 5.6 1:38 1.0 8:00 4.3
2 .. 1:24 1.8 7:56 5.8 2:30 0.3 9:10 4 S
23 .. 2:12 1.9 8:36 6.2 3:20—0.4 10:11 4.7
24 .. 3:02 2.1 9:19 5.5 4:09—0.9 11:10 4 8
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
and it Is also leported he will coach the
baseball team of Yale University, of
which college lie is a graduate and former
varsity player.
Charley Swindells has had an enviable
career as a baseball pluyer, both in ama
teur and professional circles. He has
played the national game since boyhood
and is a thoroughly competent man to
entrust with the building up of a winning
team. In 1898 and 18& Swindells played
behind the bat for the cardinal nine,
achieving such prominence that he was
signed by the manager of the San Fran-
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
da^- In the order of occurrence as to time; the
fourth time column gives the last tide of the
day, except when there are but three tides, as
sometimes occurs. The heights given are In
addition to the soundings of the United States
Coast Survey charts, except when a minus (—)( — )
sign precedes the height, and then the number
given Is subtracted from the depth given by the
charts. The plane of reference is the mean of
the lower low waters.
Steamer Movements.
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer. From. | Due.
laqua Humboldt Nov. 18
Empire Coos Bay Nov. IS
Pleiades Seattle Nov. 18
J. S. Kimball.. Seattle & Tacoma Nov. 18
Alliance Portland & Coos Bay.. Nov. IS
Ramses Seattle Nov. 18
Eureka Humboldt Nov. 18
North Fork.... Humboldt Nov. is
Umatllla Puget Sound Ports Nov. 18
Crescent City. Crescent City Nov. 19
Asuncion Tacoma Nov. 19
Matteawan Tacoma Nov. 20
Robt. Dollar... Seattle & Hadlock Nov. 20
Progreso Seattle Nov. 2l»
Coronado Ban Pedro Nov. 20
Alameda Honolulu Nov. 20
Pomona Humboldt Nov. 21
Santa Rosa San Diego & Way Pts. Nov. 21
Point Arena... Point Arena Nov. 21
Corona San Pedro & Way Pts. Nov. 21
Australia Tahiti Nov. 21
Columbia Portland & Astoria Nov. 21
Hyades New York via Panama Nov. 22
Rival Willapa Harbor Nov. 23
Palena Valparaiso & Way Pts. Nov. 23
City of Puebla Puget Sound Ports Nov. a.
Totmes Seattle Nov. 23
Sierra Bydney & Way Ports.. Nov. 25
City of Sydney Panama & Way Ports. Nov. 2".
Doric China and Japan Nov. 26
G. W. Elder... Portland & Astoria Nov. 2f.
Curacao Mexican Ports Nov. 27
TO SAIL.
'..': Steamer. r ! : ' Destination. : , : Palls. Pier.
¦¦'.'¦¦. November 18. ''¦¦¦ •
Sta. Barbara Humholdt • . ¦• • • •"•••• 2 Pier - 2
Czarina Seattle & .Tacoma. 5 pm|Pler 8
San Pedro... Humboldt .'.'. 10 am Pier •>.
laqua ........ Humboldt 10 am Pier —
P0m0na...... Humboldt: 1:30 plPler 9
Newport Panama & Way..". 12 m|PMSS
November 19. I ' |
Alliance Portland & Coos B. 5 pm Pier 18
Empire Coos 8ay.........:.. 3pm Pier 13
G.W. Elder... Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
¦ : •¦¦-" November 20. ..",-;¦ ;¦•:
Gr. D011ar.... Grays Harbor 5 pm Pier 2
Eureka Humboldt :..... 9 am Pier 13
State of Cal.. San Diego & Way. 9 am Pier 11
• .^ .¦-_¦ November 21. . , ¦
Coronado....'. Grays r Harbor 5 pm Pier 2
North Fork.. Humboldt .. ... .:.*.. 9 am Pier 2
Rainier...:... Seattle & N. What. 5 pm Pier 2
J. 8. Kimball Seattle & 1 Tacoma. 10 am Pier 2
• . ¦ •  :.'. November 22. ¦¦ .-¦
Ramaea Hamburg: & Way ....... Pier 27
Umati'.-.a . . . Puget I Sound - Ports 11 am Pier 9
: ': •¦', -. November 23. • ¦¦ 
Corona Newport & Way... 9 am Pier 11
Point Arena.. Point Arena... . 2pm Pier . 2
China China and Japan.. 1 pm PMSS '
Alameda Honolulu . :.....:.... 2pm Pier 7
-• -. November 24. ' : ; ¦' -
Columbia...*. Portland & Astoria 11 am Pier 4
;, ¦'¦• ¦.<¦¦¦¦¦¦' ¦ November". 28. •'••.: =v ; >.-¦
Mandalay.... Coqullle River S pm Pier 2
:,. , . . November 2<J. : : .-
Rival WUlapa Harbor.... spm Pier 2
_ , • November 27. . :
Pa1ena.. ...;.; Valparaiso & Way. 12 m Pier 10
City Puebla.. Puget Sound Porta 11 am Pier -9
FROM SEATTLE.
Steamer. From. I Due.
Chae. Nelson.. Skaguay A Way Ports. Nov. IS
Farallon Skaguay & Way Ports. Nov. 24
Excelsior Cooks Inlet & Way.... Nov. 25
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
Sunday. November 17.
U S stmr Bear, Tuttle, 8 days from Comox,
via Port Ansrtles 7 days.
Stmr Gypsy, Leland, 22 hours from Moss
Landing and way ports.
Rtmr Valencia, Lane, 6\b days from Hunters
Bny.
Stmr Geo "W EMer. Randall, 79 hours from
Portland, via Astoria 63 hours.
Stmr Greenwood. Fagerlund, 22 hours from
Cleone.
Cisco aggregation ana caught for them
during the summer of '99. In 1900 he
played with the Anaconda. Mont., team,
leaving them late in the summer to ac
cept a position as catcher in the Oakland
nine. He wore the Oakland uniform but
twice, when an attack of typhoid fever
put him out of the game for the re
mainder of the season. This summer
Swindells has been playing with th* Spo
kane nine, and has o?en signed to catch
for them again next summer. He is a
student in the law department here, and
will continue his university work in addi
tion to his labors as coach.
Stmr Geo Loomls, Bridgett, 33 hours from
Ventura.
Stmr State of California. Thomas, 40 hours
from San Diego, etc.
Stmr Scotia, Walvljr, 19 hours from Caspar.
Stmr Aberdeen. Hlggins, 42 hour 3 from Re
dondo.
Stmr Grace Dollar, Fosen, 100 hours from
Grays Harbor.
achr Mary Etta, Nyman, 5 days from Fish
Rock.
Schr Bender Bros, Wetzel, 3 days from Bow
ens Landing.
SAILED.
Sunday, November 17.
Stmr Walla Walla, Hall, for Victoria.
Stmr Santa Rosa, Alexander, for San Diego.
Stmr Westport, Erlccson, for Eureka.
IT S stmr Meade. Wilson, for Manila.
Br stmr Carlisle City, Paterson, for St.
Vincent.
Ship John A Brigg-s, Fullerton, for Mel
bourne.
Schr Jennie Griffin, Campbell, for Bodega.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, 10 a. m.— Weather hazy;
wind northwest, velocity 6 mllf 3 per hour.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
FORT BRAGG— Sailed Nov 17— Stmr Chico.
for San Francisco.
SEATTLE— SaiIed Nov IC— Stmrs Dolphin and
Al Xl, for Skagrway; .stmr Tampico, for Hono
lulu; stmr Ellhu Thomson, for Valdez.
Arrived Nov 17— Stmr Dirigo. from Skagway
NEAH BAY— Passed Nov 17— Stmr San Ma
teo, from Port Los Angeles, for Nariaimo; stmr
Victoria, from Hongkong: shir W II Macy,
hence Oct 27. for Port Gamble.
COOS BAY— Arrived Nov 17— Schr Western
Home, hence Nov 8.
ASTORIA-Arrived Nov 17— Nor stmr Horda.
hence Nov 10; schr G W Watson, hence Nov 9.
Sailed Nov 17— U S stmr Rosccrans, for Ma
nila.
PORTLAND, Or— Sailed Nov 17— Br gtmr
Langbank, for St Vincent.
PORT BLAKELEY-Sailed Nov 17,-Stmr
Meteor, for San Francisco; schr Samar. for
Callao.
FOREIGN PORT.
FERNANDO NORON HA— Passed Nov 17—
Stmr Neko, from Tacoma, Seattle and San
Francisco, via Valparaiso, for Hamburg.
OCEAN STEAMERS:
NEW YORK— Arrived Nov 17— Stmr Bohe
mian, from Liverpool; stmr La Bretagne, from
Havre; stmr Minnehaha. from London; stmr
Nomadic, from Liverpool; stmr Patricia, from
Hamburg; stmr Statondam, from Rotterdam.
LIVERPOOL— Arrived Nov 17— Stmr Umbria.
from New York.
GIBRALTAR— SaiIed Nov 17— Stmr Lahn.
from Genoa and Naples, for New York
QUEENSTOWN-Sailed Nov 17-Stmr Cam
pania, from Liverpool, for New York; stmr
Commonwealth, from Liverpool, for Boston.
Valuable Trophy for Oarsmen.
DUBLIN, Nov. 18.—Baron O'Brien. Lord
Chief Justice of Ireland, who recently an
nounced his intention to offer a cup for
an international rowing competition in
connection with the Cork exhibition next
year, presided yesterday at a meeting of
a special committee, who decided to issue
invitations to the principal rowing clubs in
Great Britain, the United States, Canada
and Continental Europe to enter an eight
oared race at Cork about July 2 for tne
cup Lord O'Brien will present The
trophy, which will be of the value of
£250, will become the property of the
winning crew.
Letters warmly approving the project
were received from the Marquis of Lon
donderry, Postmaster General- from
Baron Alverstone, Lord Chief Justice of
England; from Baron Ardalium, president
of the Royal Dublin Society, and others
Harmony Verein Heard in Son jr.
Miss Olga B. Wagner was the principal
soloist last night at the concert given by
the singing section of the Harmony Verein
at Union Square Hall. An excellent and
varied programme was presented. There
were choruses, instrumental and vocal
numbers and glees. Paul Scholz. John
Plagemann, Charles Rehn. Hermann
Schafer and H Strelitz. in addition to
Miss Wagner, furnished the vocal num
ber?. The choruses and orchestra inter
preted their respective numbers with
great feeling. Dancing followed the enter
tainment.
DIVIDE HONORS
FOR DAY'S WORK
Angels and Cripples Each
Take a Game on the
Diamond.
Eagan and Reitz Carry Off
Honor 3in a Clever
Contest.
The immense crowJ which thronged
Recreation Park yesterday afternoon was
treated to one of the prettiest contests of
the season. The jrame.was replete with
all the incidents and maneuvers that go
to make the great national game good to
look upon. The score wag cose, the ball
was hit hard and often and at times it
was anybody's ganu-. It was a superb
day for a ball game, which accounts for
the large crowd. The "fans" favored the
men from Oakland, and every time a crip
ple distinguished himself he was given a
hand from the stands und bleachers. Both
Pitchers were hit hard, but Muskiman
was fortunate in keeping his well scat
tered, while in one inning the Dudes went
arter Aiirock in so rapid a manner that
mey made enough runs to win.
Dougherty opened Hostilities for the An
geis with a tracKlne two-bagger to the
center-fleld fence. Aiherton new to Dun
leavy, and on Francks' error of Keiizs
drive Dougherty sprinted home, while
ijeitz landed on the s/.cond cushion. Tne
Angels scored again in the third. Dougn
erty hit sate but was out stealing second.
Atherton got to second on Monler's er
ror, went 10 third on Heitz's out to first
and scored on Kihm's arlve out to center
field. Kihm stole second, but was nabbed
at the plate in attempting to score on
Hall's single.
The Cripples went alter the "southpaw"
with a vengeance in the fourth. Francks
singled, stole second and made the bell
ring on Dunleavy' 3 double. Dunleavy
completed his trip on Eagan's swat to
right, and "Truck " went one further on
Dougherty's error. Al this juncture old
Pete Lohman rolle i out a triple and
broug-hf Eagan and jJabbitt in. But for
Hall' 3 accurate trrow Pete would have
made the fourth station on an ordinary
three-bagger, which v.ould have estab
lished a record.
The red legybunched five hits in the
sixth and seventh, which resulted in two
more tallies. In the mlantime the Dudes
fell onto Altrock for tnree in the seventh,
which made the score :ead Oakland 5* Los
Angeles 4, and so it stood until the end.
Pete Lohman'c presence in the game
seemed to inspire his men with confidence.
Pete has not been playing lately, but he
did splendid work yesterday and was in
strumental in winning: the game. "Truck"
Eagan had his batting eye with him, hit
ting out three two-cushion swipes and
one single. Reitz played second base as
no other man in the league could have
done. His work was a revelation, as he
accepted eleven hard chances without the
slightest semblance cf an error, and
blocked two hits which might have been
doubles. Umpire Levy made a couple of
bad decisions at second, and gave Dr.
Moskiman the worst of it on balls and
strikes. The score:
LOS ANGELES.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Dougherty, rf 5 1 2 0 1 0 1
Atherton, If 4 1 1 0 0 1 0
Reitz. 2b 3 1 1 0 3 8 0
Kihm. lb 3 0 3 0 11 0 0
Hall, ss 4 0 2 0 2 3 0
Reilly. 3b 3 0 0 13 0 9
Spies, c 3 10 13 2 0
Altrock. p 4 0 1 0 0 0 0
Jones, If 4 0 0 1 : 0 0
Totals 33 4 9 3 24 14 1
OAKLAND.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Mohler. 2b 4 0 0 0 3 5 1
Francks. »s 4 1 2 1 3 2 3
Dunleavy. cf 4 110 10 0
Streib. 2b 4 0 0 0 0 3 0
Eaean. lb 4 2 4 0 14 0 0
Babbitt. 3b S 1 1 0 0 3 0
Lohman, c 3 0 2 0 4 1 0
Hanson. If 3 0 1 0 2 1 0
Moskiman, p 3 0 0 0 0 3 0
Totals 35 5 U 1 27 18 4
HITS AND RUNS BY INNINGS.
Los Angeles 1 0 1 0 0 1 1 0 o—4
Base hits 103003200— s»
Oakland » 0 0 4 0 1 0 0 •— 5
Base hits 1 1 1 4 0 3 0 1 '—11
SUMMARY.
Runs responsible for— Altrock 3, Moskiman 1.
Three-base hit— Lohman. Two-base hits-
Dougherty. Eagan 3, Dunleavy. Sacrifice hit—
Kihm. First base on errora — Los Arureles 3.
First base on called balls — Los Angeles 2. Oak
land 1. Left on bases— Los Angeles 8, Oakland
4. Struck out — By Altrock 1. by Moskiman 2.
Hit by pitcher— Spies. Double Dlays— Hall to
Kihm. Time of game— l hour and 40 minutes.
Umpire— Levy. Official scorer— H. S. McFar
lin.'
MORNING GAME.
Good Playing at Oakland.
The morning game at Oakland was a
pitchers' battle between McPartlin and
Hodson. The lanky man from the land of
sunshine scored his . eleventh consecutive
victory since joining Morley's band of An
gels. But seven hits were made." two off
McPartlin and five off Hodson. The game
was a fast one, consuming but an hour
and twenty-five minutes of play.
During the fourth round Kihm made the
only run of the game. He was given a
life by forcing Reitz at second, took third
on Hall's hit ard crossed the plate on an
error by Hodson. Tac score:
OAKLAND.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Mohler. 2b 3 0 0 0 5 0 1
Francks, s. s 8 0 10 2 3 1
Dunleavy, c. t.. 2 0 0-0 1 1 0
Streib, r. f 4 0 0 0 3 0 0
Eag-an lb 4 0.0 0 10 0.0
Babbitt, 3b ( 4 0 ' 0 0 3 2 0
Mosklman. 1. f...... 2 0 0 0 0 0 0
Hansen. c 3*olo 1 01
Hodson, p 5. 0 0 0 0 8 J
Totals 28 0 2 0 24 14 4
LOS ANGELES.
' AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Dougherty, r. f..... 4 0 2 1 0 0 0
Ath-»rton. 1. f...,..1. 3 0 0 0 2 0 0
Reltz 2b 3 0 0 0 4 3 »>
Klhm. 1b...... ........ 4;, 1.1 0 12 1 0
Hall. s. s • 4 0 2 0 0 3 0
Reilly. 3b..... 3 0 0 0 17 0
Spies c ..;:..... 3 0 0 0 4 0 0
Altrock. c. f 3 0 0 0 3 0 0
McPartlin. p 3. 0 0 0 1 0 »
Totals ..'........ -.30- 1 5 1 27 ¦: 14 0
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Oakland ..... .......... 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 D—o
Base hit 5...:....; 0 0 0 0 110 0 o—2
Los ¦ Angeles.'.'.'.':'.-.'.-.-:. '- .' 000100<»0»— 1
Base hit 5...... 00111200 •— 5
."«.* SUMMARY.
Runs responsible Hodson 1. Two-base hit
—Hall First base on - errors— Los Angeles 1.
First base on called: balls— Oakland 4. Los
Angeles 2. Left on bases— Oakland 6. Los An
geles 7. Struck out— By McPartlln 2. by Hod
son 1. Hit by pitcher— Francks. Double plays—
Reilly to Reitz to Klhm; Babbitt to Mohler.
Wild pitch— McPartlin. Time of game— l:2s.
Umpire— Levy. Official scorer— H. S. McFarlin.
Senators Win on Home Grounds.
SACRAMENTO, Nov. 17.-In one of the
best played and mos^. closely contested
games of the teason the Senators defeat
ed the Wasps to-day by a socre of 3 to 2.
Iburg and Doyle were the opposing pitch
ers and both twirled excellent ball, allow
ing but five safe hits each. The feature
of the day was Doylc'B stealing home
with a run. Flood also stole home on the
out of Sheehan at lirst base, because
Pabst held the ball too long after receiv
ing it. When Stanley made his first ap
pearance at tho bat t.ie game was stopped
and Elwood Bruner. on behalf of the Sac
ramento fans, presented him with a
valuable gold watch, chain and locket
The next game of baseball In thla cltv
will be between the Ali-Americas and the
Stars of the Nation? 1 League, who will
make their iiutlal appearance on a Cali
fornia diamond on Thanksgiving day
The score:
SAN FRANCISCO.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
NoriJyke. c. t 3 0 o 0 1 o n
Wilson, c 4 1 0 9 4 ,i
Hildebrand, 1. f 4 1 2 1 2 o
Schwartz, 2b 4 0 1 o So
NATIONAL GUARD
AT SHELL MOUND
Military Organizations
Finishing Year's
Contests.
Schuetzen Clubs Preparing
for Annual Turkey-
Shoots.
Most of the shooting at Shell Mound |
yesterday was done by members of th«
National Guard, although representatives
of some of the schuetzen clubs were at
practice.
Company B. Fir3t Infantry, and Troop
A of the regiment of cavalry, held their
regular monthly medal contests. No ona
made a particularly large score, but the
marksmanship of the military organiza
tions was good on the average. The
season's practice will be completed early
in December, when the year's scores of
each man will be announced and medals
awarded the leaders.
The German societies commence their
annual turkey snoots next Sunday, when,
the Norddeutschers hold their harvest
festival.
The Shell Mound Pistol and Rifle Club
tested its new rifles yesterday. Will
Siebe made A. Niehaus 219 and H.
Puckhaber 224. The day's acores are aa
follows:
Company B, First Infantry. National Guard
of California, monthly medal shoot— Auguat
Hoffman 47, H. Wyrich 2«, Sergeant John
O'KeelTe 32 Corporal EdwarJ Knottner 26, W.
Keenan 23, J. McNess 32, George rfteffens ih
Roy Young 31, Corporal George Spooner i». F.
Trebols lv E. Sturgis 32. Elton Wood U. Cor
poral August Fl«her 29. F. Bordenave 19. H.
Lally 27. C. Perry 47. Frank Lowe 19. Thomas
Helton 7. Ben Fanning 23. John Fitzpalnck
14. t'harles Creighton 33. Charles Apthorpe 42.
A Wagner 27. James Wear 41, Daniel Casey
23. Charles Lowe 13. T. Bertrand -0.
Troop A, First Cavalry, National Lruard of
California, monthly pistol shoot— Lieutenant E.
A. IMerre 2S Sergeant R. C. Greeninger 44;
Sergeant S. V. Spaar 35. Corporal C. M. Ftck- ¦
crt 34 Cornoral H. C. Puckhaber 35, Corporal
T. P. Lehman 22, S. C. Wafer 31. C. A. Becker
46, R. C. Cap 35. H. L. Detriek 39, J. L.
Gallagher 29, G. R. N. Hanaen 12. H. A. K.
Hansen 31, A. J. Klung 38, A. Henry 39. L. M.
McKlnley 48, C Nieoiai 46. G. IV. Pope 40,
J. P. Ritchie 44, F. Thuaiaaon 25. 5\ P. Engie
41. J. Fritz 27.
Columbia Club Scores.
Excellent scores were made by members
of the Columbia Pistol and Rifle Club yes
terday at Harbor View. A. J. Brannagan
was best with the pistol. He scored 31,
two points outside the club record. F.-O.
Young was best with the rifle and with th«
2 caliber rifle, with A. B. Darrell second.
Ed Hovey did some good work in the mil
itary match with his 32-20 repeater. His
best ten scores totaled 476. The record is
482, made by A. H. Pape with a Sharp's
military rifle. Young succeeded in beat
ing the all-round club record of 408 mada
by A. H. Pape, scoring 3H, ring count.
The scores:
Columbia target oft-hand shooting, rifles, 200
yards— F. O. Young, 47. SI. 62. CM. Daiss, 53,
61. 63. 66; 3 shots. 11. 14. 1«. IT. 21. 21. 22. 28. 31.
Military and repeating rifle match. Creedmoor
count— Ed Hovey. 48, 47, 48. 46. 46.
Pistol. 50 yards— .A. J. Brannagan. 3, 2. 3. 5.
2, 4. 3. 2. 3. 2—31. (This score is a 3-inch group
and is the best group ever shot in the club,
and it is doubtful if ever equaled in any clubt.
F. O. Young, 42, 52, 56; G. W. Hoadley, 43, 4»,
52. 54, 54; Dr. J. F. Twist, 44, 47, 52. 82. 62, S3.
2-caliber rifle, 50 yards— F. O. Young, 1. 1.
1. 1 i. 1. 1. 4 3. 2—17: LM B. Dorrell,
18. IS. 19. 20. 20. 20, 21; Dr. Twiat. 27. 27; A.
J. Brannagan, 23.
Artillery Companies Shoot.
Companies A, B. C and D of the First
Battalion, National Guard of California,
held their regular annual skirmish shoot
yesterday at the Presidio range. With
the exception of Company C the shoot
was not well attended — in fact, two com
panies did not have the required 80 per
cent of their members present. Company
C not only had over the required per
cent In attendance, but succeeded in scor
ing 1151 points, the highest average se
cured by any company in the State dur
ing the present year. The score is so far
above the general average that it is
thought it will entitle Company C to the
trophy— a beautiful silk flag— awarded by
the State.
The targets used vere silhouettes in
kneeling, prostrate and erect positions.
The soldiers fired from the 500. 400, 300,
250 and 200 yard marks. They commenced
the fusilade at the 500-yard mark and ad
vanced down the line. The weather was
ideal for marksmanship, which probably
accounts for Company C's fine showing.
Shooting at San Rafael.
SAX RAFAEL, Nov. 17.— There was a
large attendance of marksmen at Schuet
zen Park to-day. , Some splendid scores
were made. The following won the bulls
eye shoot in the Grutli shooting section:
First F. Baumgarten; second, Karl Gut; .
third, O. Imdorf: fourth, A. Gehret; fifth, C. ~~~J
Ott sixth. J. Brugger; seventh, .R. Hauser; -^
eighth. Theodore Simmen; ninth. J. Bachman. '
Medal shooting, Grutll Shooting Section-
Champion class. A. Gehret. 443; first class. G.
Oral, 388; second class. T. Simmen, 377; third
class, O. Imdorf, $54; Brehm medal, F. Baum
garten: Glinderman medal, Karl Gut; last best
shot, J. R. Hauser.
The scores ma<Je In the San Francisco
Turners schuetzen section were as fol
lows. Bullseye shoot:
F. J. Klatzle 447. F. A. Schrumpft «30 C.
Rudolph. 1780. J. Straub 371, A. Utschtg " 473.
O. Tammeyer 1913. F. Komer 1033. Captain F.
Attlnger 1891. C. Peach 2200. H. Enge 1233. D.
Schoenfeldt 1845, R. Finking 1995. F. Krueckel
2021. C. Nielsen 2103. L. Brune 1894. O. Bur
melster 233, J. Gassner 2202. Charles Sagehora
1631.
In the California Schuetzen Club the fol
lowing scores were made. Bullseye shoot:
M. Blasse 1178, "W. Blass« 1179, P. Brunotte
1543, A. Gehret 1300. J. Kullmann 927. H. Becker
(cadet) 108«. E. Woenne 1028. J. Utschig 1658.
J. Horstman 727. John Utschig Sr. 513, F. A
Schrumpf 1573. F. E. Mason 177. C. M. Rous
seau 884, L. C. Babin 1513. Dr. M. F. Atkinson
1557, O. Burmeister 2624. D. "W. McLaughlin
37, H. R. Brown 1168. J. Bachmann 1251 E.
Ladd 331. ;A. Rahwyler 634, A. Bertlesra 693.
C. Zimmerman 2287. C. M. Henderson 954 M
Harter 2631. O. Ohrtland 2104. G. Tammeyer
1764. R. Finking 425, O. Br°mer 784, A. yon
Wyl 2895. J. C. Waller 1282, D. B. Faktor 2124
F. Brandt 1821, R. Stettin 868. R. Meyerhofrr
(cadet) 2681. L. Reubold 880. L. Thierbach 488,
D. Schonfeldt ISOO. C. Peach 1330. A. Hampel
1960. M. Reubold 923. H. Eckman 181* L. Hack*
1618, F. Retde 908, A. Reubold 1680," F. Suter
2643. F. D. Smith 862. F. D. Bradford 1979,
G. Rltschmuller Sr. m. H. Stettin 1292. A.
Strecker 750. H. Sellmann 674. H. Scheunart
154«. G. Rltschmuller Jr. MB C. W»s?(?p,-nann ,
182. C. SasfPhorn 1... C. Meyer 1270. A. Mocker.^.
123. J. rmann 2735. C. Gut 2SO. L. B~n-JH
del 842, E. Pretchard 2«r». J. Straub 147 ft. I%*-&r*
Enge 1323, L. Langer 712. T. ¦ Jonas 457. YV-. -
Ehrenpfort 1317, A. Utschig 2810, T. J. Carroll
2086.
Pabst, lb 3 o'o 0 12 i 0
Km?, B. s 4 I 9 0 3 l 1
Shea. r. t 4 0 1 0 2 0 0
Reilly, 3b 4 0 0 0 2 10
Iburg, p 3 0 1 0 0 3 0
T0ta15..... 33 2 5 1 27 13 "I
SACRAMENTO.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E
Flood, 2b 3 11 18 0 6
Sheehan. 3b 4 0 2 0 2 2 1
Stanley, c 3 0 o Oil 0
Courtney, c. f 4 0 0 0 5 0 0
Doyle, p 4 1110 3*
HoftVr r. f 3 0 0 0 » 0 i)
Davis, lb 4 0 .0 0 7 0 1
McLaughlin. 1. f.... 3 0 0 13 10
Devereaux, s. s 3 1 1 0 l 4 0
Totals 30 3 5 3 27 U., I
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
San Francisco 20000000 o—2
Base hits..-.-- -3 1 0 1 0 1 0 0 o—3
Sacramento 0 13 0 0 0 9 0 0— ."?
Base hits :........ 11200100 o—s
SUMMARY.
Runs responsible for— lburg 3. Doyle 1. Three -J
base hit— Flood. Two-base hits— Hildebrancfk
Doyle. Shea. Sacrifice hit— Stanley. First basir~
on errors— San Francisco 2.' Sacramento 1. First
base on called balls— Oft lours 2. off Doyle 2.
Left on. bases— Francisco 6. Sacramento 4.
Struck out— By Iburg 2. Hit by pitcher— Nor
dyke. Hotlir. Time of game— l:33. Umpire—'
Harper. Rutherford. iCAR AND WAGON
CRASH TOCETHER
Three Men Are Badly
Hurt by Unexpected
Collision.
Women Passengers Hurry to
Their Homes After the
Accident.
A wagon driven by Fred E. Boos, an
employe of the Hansen California Dairy,
and a car of the Howard-street line col
lided last night at the corner of Eight
e-entn and Howard streets. On the seat
wagon with Boos were John Mona
10 v an employe of the Southern Pacific
f mpany, and Meyer Anthony, a box
r. The former lives at 231 Howard
; and ;he latter ax 1020 Folsom street.
three men were badly injured,
v os rect-ived several serious injuries.
; reated by some women in tbe
¦ c neighborhood, while the other
men were removed to the City
¦-y Hospital. Monahan sustained
c fracture of the skull and Meyer
tony was badly cat about the face
.tad.
how the accident occurred no one
s to know. The car and the wagon
came together and the men were spilled
into the street along with the contents
M wagon. The name of the motor
in charge of the car and the extent
of the damage done had not been ascer
tained by the police up to a late hour.
As soon as the track was cleared the
«.ars resumed their regular runs.
A number of women who were on tne
Iront of the car coming into town were
¦diy frightened that they cut their
trip short and took the next car home.
Boos, the driver, was taken into a house
c- neighborhood of the accident and
:n juries were dressed by willing
hands. On recovering his etrensth he
gra-thered together the remains of his wa
gon and proceeded to cover such parts
of his route as he could.
SUSPECTED FORGER NOW
BELIEVED TO BE INSANE
riends Say That He Is Suffering
From the Excessive Use of
J Some Dnig.
NEW YORK, Nov. 17— O. B. Wheeler
Jr.. who was arrested yesterday on
charges of forging the names of Chicago
business men to notes aggregating $103,000,
¦was arraigned in the Police Court to-day.
Ar. attorney, who appeared for him, told
¦ agistrate that his client was, in his
- offering from the excessive use
me drug, and that he was now men
small stature, quite bald
wears a beard. While waiting to be
arraigned he walked nervously about the
courtroom. His hands and head shook
perceptibly and when before the bar he
had to hold on to the railing to steady
htaseif. The attorney called the atten
tion at the court to Wheeler's condition
end requested that he be sent to Bellevue
Hospital, where he could be under the
care of his private physician. He further
said that for a month past Wheeler had
been constantly attended by a private
-•--. who knew much about* the alleged
on his part to raise money on
the note?. Magistrate Cornell said "that
be felt sorry for the prisoner and thought
¦a in need of medical care, and upon
statement of the detective that he
could be attended by his doctor at police
headquarters he sent him back there.
Election for Sewer System Bonds.
VACAVILLE. Nov. 17.— An election will
be held here Wednesday on the propo
sition to authorize an issuance of $80,000
h to build a sewer sys-
The plan contemplates a complete
m for the town and the disposal of
ough a septic tank located a
mile from town on the creek bank.
Although cherries are not exactly spring
fruit we have seen a cherry bounce.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
STATEMENT
— OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
TIE MERCHANTS*
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF NEWARK. IN THE STATE OF NEW
Jersey, on the 31st day of December. A. D.
ISOO. and for the year ending: on that day, as
made to the Insurance Commissioner of the
Etate of California, pursuant to the provisions
cf sections CIO and 611 of the Political Code.
cnfler.sed as per blank furnished by the Com-
missioner.
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up in
r;nt of Capital Stock, paid up in 400.000 00
Caeh I 400,000 00
ASSETS.
P.eal Estate owned by Company $ IS", 028 82
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages 2 15, 500 00
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company 658,700 00
Cash in Company's Office 12,963 62
Cash :n Banks 89.362 88
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Leans 3,76192
Interest due and accrued on Bonds
and Mortgages 2,845 36
Premiums in due Course of Collec-
tion 160.039 60
Rents due and accrued 1,008 34
Due from other Companies for rein-
surance on losses already .paid.... 3.49S 61
Total Assets ...'. 11,888,706 08
LIABILITIES.
Low' adjusted and unpaid $ 27.812 49
Losses in process of Adjustment . or
In Suspense . 67,122 5S
Losses resisted, including expenses.. 10,809 01
Gross premiums on Fire Risks, run- .
ning one year or • .-=?. $540,119 50;
reinsurance 50 per cent 270.059 75
Gross premiums on Kire Risks, run-
ning more than one year, $768,-
4& S2; reinsurance pro rata 1,055 37
Due and accrued for salaries, rent,
etc IS.CIS 90
All other liabilities 42,092 63
Total Liabilities $805,570 73
INCOME.
ICet rash actually received for Fire
premiums $ £23,841
Received for Interest on Bonds and
Mortgages 18.350 47
Received for Interest and dividends
on Bonds, Stocks. Loans and from
X all other sources 29,747 50
"* Received for Rents -7,117 79
Received from all other sources 19,088 36
[Total Income $898.145 54
EXPENDITURES. ===
Net amount paid for Fire Losses (In-
cluding $124,935 «0. lessee of pre- »
vious years) •*•$ 674,708 09
Dividends to Stockholders 32,000 00
Paid or allowed for Commissions or ¦
Brokerage 152,445 54
Paid for Salaries. Fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc.... 150.966 64
Paid for State, National and Local
taxe* - 43,134 89
All other payments and expenditures 45,634 48
Total Expenditures $1,098.889 64
; . "Iv". •'*!*•','¦ • ' Fire.
Losses Incurred during the year $653.343 78
Rirks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
written during the .
year $118,615,366 $1,238,244 95
Net amount of Risks
expired during the
year 121,238.954 1.309.078 85
Net amount in force
December 31, 1900... 123.751.625 1.309.565 32
~ '. G. LEE STENT. President.
W. H. GUERIN, Secretary.
Subscribed and pworn to before me this, 17th
flay of January, 1901.
i . R. 6. ETEADMAN. Notary Public.
PACIFIC DEPARTMENT!
G. W. Me NEAR, General Agent,
WILLARD O. WAYiWAN, Manager,
420 CALIFORNIA STREET,
«AN FRANCISCO, CAL. j
WOMEN OCCUPY
CHURCH PULPITS
Fort Worth Temperance
Workers Discuss Re
ligious Topics.
Secure Pledges to Maintain
a Missionary in the
Philippines.
FORT WORTH, Tex., Nov. 17.-To-day
presented the great religious feature of
the Women's Christian Temperance Un
ion. Thirty-four women occupied as many
pulpits in different churches in this city,
preaching in most instances morning and
evening. The topics covered were the
whole common ground of religious
thought of the world. Doctrinal discourse
was tabooed. Methodists occupied Pres
byterian pulpits, Unitarians talked to a
Methodist Episcopal South congregation
and Baptists and Congregationalists fra
ternized under the white banner of tem
perance. Some of the most prominent
pulpit orators were Mrs. Mary H«nt of
Boston, Mrs. Margaret D. Ellis of Wash
ington. DC; Rev. Eugenic St. John of
Kansas, Mrs. Clara Parrish Wright of
Illinois, Mrs. Mabel L. Conklin, national
lecturer and organizer. New York; Mrs.
Addle N. Fields, world's missionary to
Mexico; Mrs. Marion Dunham of Burling
ton, Iowa; Mrs. Howard Hoge of Virginia,
Miss Belle Kearney of Mississippi and
Miss Christene Tenllng of London, Eng
land.
All these speakers preached to apprecia
tive and overflowing congregations.
The chief interest centered in the an
nual sermon preached in the Christian
Tabernacle by Elizabeth W. Greenwood
of New York, world's and national evan
gelistic superintendent on "Preaching the
Gospel."
She said: "Politicians strove to make
Theodore Roosevelt Vice President that
they mirht remove him as Governor of
New York, in the hope that they would
no longer be hindered in their wicked
schemes, and behold! a most signal and
disastrous reversal of their plans. Roose
velt, a man of destiny, becomes Presi
dent, while his successor, Governor Odell,
develops ability to rise above the alms
and standards of the machine politicians.
History emphasizes the exactness of
God's justice."
This afternoon a grand Philippine rally
was held at the opera-nouse, which was
overflowed. The question of evangeliz
ing the islands was discussed in the light
of the personal relation of one who had
been there and pledges secured to main
tain a missionary for a year.
TWO BROTHERS
IN HOT FIGHT
Prominent Horsemen En
gage in a Street En
counter.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
118 isroadway, Nov. 17.
A quarrel over racetrack affairs led to
a hot street fight this afternoon between
W. P. Magrane, a prominent Kentucky
horseman, who has a string of horses at
Emeryville, and his bi other, J. G. Ma
grane, a well-known bookmaker, who
"cut in" at tho track this season.
The battle occurred at the corner of
Twelfth and Clay streets, opposite the
Young Men's Christian Association build
ing and the First Congregational Church.
The fight was at its best just as Police
man Mackey, riding tp the jail in the pa
trol wagon, hove in sijrht. The spectacle
of two well dressed men sending straight
lefts, uppercuts and swings at each other
with very evident haimful intent caused
the patrolman to halt .n his journey, turn
the "black maria" into the curbing and
quickly jump between the quarreling pair.
The Magranes were induced to cease
fighting, and the policeman managed to
pull them out of a hard clinch, land the
pair In the wagon and resume his Journey
to the calaboose, wnere the two were
charged with battery. As they stood in
the reception-room for prisoners Book
maker Magrane appeared the worse for
the encounter. A bie; lump on the back
of his head evidenced where he had hit
the hard stone sidewilk after one of his
brother's heavy leads.
"If I had had a pisto! I would have
killed you," said Bookmaker Magrane to
Horseman Magrane during the ride to the
City Hall. But further violent demon
stration was checked by a warning from
the policeman.
Both men had been drinking consider
ably, and their quarrel Is supposed to
have resulted largely from this. They
refused to talk about the fight, and after
depositing $25 bail eich were released,
with orders to appear :n court to-morrow
morning. The police are satisfied the
quarrel will have been settled before that
time.
Horseman Magranc is the owner of
Nellie Forrest, The Singer and other
racers now at Emeryville. Both of these
horses landed purses un November 12.
ANNUAL LUNCHEON ON
EVE OS" HOBSE SHOW
Function Practically Marks the Be
ginning of Gotham's Equine
Exposition.
NEW YORK, Nov. 17.— The annual
luncheon of the National Horse Show As
sociation to-day practically marked the
beginning of the seventeenth annual
horse show. To-day's function was an ex
ceptionally successful one. The luncheon
was given in the dining hall of Madison
Square Garden. At its conclusion the
guests adjourned to the garden, where a
parade of many of the horses entered in
the show was given. The parade was
led by Mrs. Winthrop Hope Johnstone
and Merald, a tiny Shetland pony. Then
s-^mr- of the hackneys were exhibited and
a lew trotters.
The horse show proper biffin? to-mor
row morning with Ihe judging of twenty
five hordes suitable to become hunters.
JSURGLARS ENTER MANY
STORES IN KANSAS TOWN
Finally Wreck Bank Safe With Dyna
mite and Are Driven Away
by Citizens.
WELLINGTON. Kan., N«v. 17.—Safe
blowers raided Milan, a small town six
teen miles west of here, at an early hour
this morning, and after entering every
prominent store, wrecked the safe and
fixtures of the Milan State bank with
dynamite. Two doors were blown off the
safe, but the third, on which was the
timp lock, resisted the force of the ex
plosives and the citizens, who had been
aroused by the noise, rushed into the
Ftreets with shotguns and drove the rob
bers away before they had -secured any
plunder. Bloodhounds from Wichita were
taken to Milan, but they refused to take
the scent and the pursuit of the men was
abandoned.
Foreigners May Row at Henley.
LONDON, Nov. 17.— The members of the
Thames Rowing Club, at a meeting held
yesterday, rejected by a large majority
the plea of William H. Grenfeld, M. P.,
the well known oarsman, in favor of ex
cluding foreigners from the Henley Royal
regatta.
Although a final decision will not be
taken until next Saturday, the action of
the club is regarded as virtually settling
the matter.
San Jose Nine Suffers Defeat.
SAN JOSE. Nov. 17.— The San Joae
baseball nine was defeated to-day by an
aggregation of players from the big East
ern and Western league teams by the
score of 8 to 1. The stars of the game
were Van Haltren, Beckley, Mertes and
Hulen.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL V MONDAY, NOVEMBER 18, 1901.
ANDERSON JURY
FINALLY AGREES
Renders Verdict Finding
the Denver Attorney
Not Guilty.
Third Trial of Sensational
Case That Attracted
Great Attention.
DENVER, Nov. 17.— The Jury in the An
derson case this afternoon brought in a
verdict of acquittal, thus ending one of
the most interesting criminal cases ever
tried In the courts of Colorado.
W. W. Anderson, a lawyer of this city,
shot H. H. Tammen and P. J. Bonfils, pro
prietors of the Denver Post, about a year
and a half ago. The shooting occurred
in the private offices of the owners of the
paper and for a time It was thought Bon
fiis would not recover from his wounds.
He survived them, however. Tammen
only received slight wounds in the affray.
Anderson was tried three times, the first
two trials resulting in divided juries. The
trial just closed was merely a formal
presentation of the recorded evidence
given in the previous trials and argument
of counsel, the idea being to have a new
jury sit in the case. The trial was con
cluded Saturday and the verdict rendered
as above stated to-day.
It was due to sworn statements made,
by jurors in the second trial that Messrs.
Bonfils and Tammen, Police Magistrate
Thomas and others were tried for at
tempted bribery, and acquitted recently.
The Grand Jury is now conducting an In
vestigation of the bribery charges.
FRUGAL FLYNN
FINDS FRIENDS
Aged Wanderer's Past Is
Uncovered to Police
Guardians.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
118 Broadway, Nov. 17.
With nearly $9000 to his credit in sav
ings banks of San Francisco aged Peter
Flynn, the mysterious wanderer, was a
popular guest to-day at the City Prison,
where he has been cared for since the
police found him yesterday aimlessly
meandering about the streets. A score of
people called to identify the old man, and
out of the many visitors came scraps of
his past history that partially solved the
mystery that had surrounded the decrepit
old pioneer, for such he proved to be.
It was thirty years ago when railroad
ing was young in the West that Peter
Flynn, a hearty, healthy man of 40 odd,
established a hotel at Flynns Station,
near Winnemucca, Nev., where he played
host with such success that he accumu
lated quite a pile of gold. He was care
ful and provident, sending his savings to
San Francisco, where they grew into a
neat nestegg. After a while the hotel life
wearied him, and Flynn came to San
Francisco with a competency sufficient to
keep him during the remainder of his
days.
Flynn had few relatives and with them
he had little if any intercourse. Publicity
given to his detention here disclosed the
fact that Mrs. Honora Graham, residing
at 1123 Sutter street. San Francisco, is
his cousin. Mrs. Graham was among the
numerous visitors at the jail to-day. She
said her cousin had hitherto declined to
have anything to do with her.
"It isn't his money I want," she de
clared tearfully. "But I would like to
take care of him in his old age. He needs
some one to look out for him."
The police agreed with Mrs. Graham,
but they decided not to release their aged
ward until his condition had improved.
He is In an enfeebled state mentally, but
since yesterday had brightened consider
ably.
Officers from the German Savings and
Loan Society inspected Flynn's books to
day and found that he had more than
$8000 to his credit. He lived so frugally
that since last April he had drawn only
?135, and of this amount a portion had
been sent to Nellie Flynn of Charlestown,
Mass., another cousin.
The old man had occunied a room at
W. P. Whitmore's, 565 Eleventh street, for
a day or two. Here he kept his few per
sonal belongings, a valise full of odds and
ends of clothing. With this he had been
for years drifting from place to place, as
his fancy suited him.
Captain of Police Wilson, under direc
tion of Chief of Police Hodgkins, has
taken temporary charge of the old man.
He will probably be persuaded to become
an inmate of some institution where
proper attention can be given him.
MILLIONAIEES ENTER
FOR AUTOMOBILE RACE
William K. Vanderbilt Jr. and Fox
hall Keene Will Compete for
Championship.
NEW YORK. Nov. 17.— Wm. K. Vander
bilt, Jr., and Foxhall Keene to-day cabled
their entrances as competitors in the
Paris-Vienna race, starting from the
Franch capital June 15 next. The race will
cover a distance of 900 miles and com
petitors from, all the world will partici
pate. Mr. Keene has just ordered an
American machine with which to compete
in the race.
Big Shipment of Wheat to Mexico.
CITY OF MEXICO, Nov. 17.— From all
parts of the Western Tnitcd States wheat
is being sent into Mexico in amounts
never before equaled. It Is estimated by
buyers and railroad men in this city that
hy thf* end of Decerr.uer more than 1500
cars will have been delivered into the re
public, and even this great amount will
not end the importation po long as the
duty is waived and there is the slightest
lack of corn. Both buyers and transpor
tation men believe that the importation
will continue .'ntil the term for the re
moval of the tariff as stated In the Presi
dent's proclamation expires.
Election Disturbances in Galway.
DUBLIN. Nov. 17.— The election disturb
ances in Galway, growing out of the cam
paign in which Horace Plunkett. Unionist,
is opposing Colonel Arthur Lynch, who
served with the Second Irish Brigade on
the Boer side in the South African war.
were renewed to-day. A man was stabbed
and it is feared fatally Injured.
THE DAY'S DEAD,
LOS ANGELES, Nov. 17.— Colonel W. R.
Wallace is dead at Whittier, Cal., where
he had been staying for some time. Colo
nel Wallace was one of the best known
mining men in the West. He was one of
the prime movers in the opening of the
Coeur d'Alene district, In Northern Idaho
and founded the town of Wallace. He had
also been interested in mining operations
in Canada, Minnesota, Texas, New Mex
ico. Mexico and Arizona, and lived for a
number of years at Prescott. On account
of failing health he came to Los Angeles
about a year ago from Arizona.
Dr. Albert L. Gihon.
NEW YORK, Nov. 17.— Dr. Albert L.
Gihon. former medical director of the
United States navy, died in Roosevelt
Hospital to-day, aged 70 years. He suf
fered a stroke of apoplexy last Thursday
at his hotel, and never regained con
sciousness.
THIEF TAKES
COSTLY GEMS
A New York Merchant
Loses a Fortune in
Diamonds.
Ten Thousand Dollars the
Value of the Precious
Stones.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PORTLAND, Nov. 17.— Diamonds valued
at $10,000 and about 5200 in money were
stolen to-night from a room in the Port
land Hotel occupied by E. F. LOwenthal
of New York City and the audacious'
thief managed to escape with his booty
and get safely away.
Lowenthal is a dealer in precious stones
and he is at present on the Pacific Coast
on a business trip. Last Saturday nignt
he arrived at the Portland Hotel and was
assigned to a room on the ground floor
facing Yamhill street. His traveling trunk,
containing the greater part of his dia
monds he used in trade, and a portion of
his money were placed In his room.
There are two keys to this room, one
used by the guest and placed in the office
when it is not in use, and the other usual
ly kept by the janitor In charge of all the
rooms 'on that corridor.
To-night after dinner Lowenthal went
out, leaving his personal key in safe keep
ing. Between i) ana 10 o'clock he returned
and went to his room, intending to retire
for the night, and he was horrified to find
his trunk broken open and the most ex
pensive of his diamonds and about $200 in
money missing.
In considerable agitation he ran to com
municate with Manager Bowers, saying:
"I've been robbed oi my diamonds."
"Surely not, ' said Bowers in dismay,
and he too peered at the broken trunk,
that told an eloqaent story of robbery.
The police were sent for and Detectives
Day and Weiner arrived. No marks were
found showing that the lock of the door
had been forced, : and it was then assumed
that the thief had opened the door by
using the janitor's key. which was in his
coat hanging in a room in the basement.
The janitor was off duty last night, and
he usually makes a practice of leaving
the keys in the coat he wears when on
duty. This working coat dangled from
its accustomed peg in one of the em
ployes' rooms in the basement.
The detective went downstairs and
found in the passageway leading to a
back yard several pieces of the trays
which had contained the diamonds. The
thief had first placed the precious stones
In his pockets and had then torn the
trays to pieces. A teil tale ladder placed
against the wall facing on Seventh street
showed that the thief had escapeu that
way, evidently preferring not to run the
risk of capture by leaving the hotel by
any of the main entrances.
The police at once worked out the var
ious clews that suefested themselves and
policemen and detectives went to work
around the terminal depot, paying especial
attention to those people leaving on de
parting trains.
KNIFE ENDS
THE QUARREL
Yuba City Resident Is
Slashed by Fellow
Townsman.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
MARYSVILLE, Nov. 17.— T. P. Coate«,
a well-known resident of Yuba City, lies
in a precarious condition at his home in
that place aa a result of three knife
wounds in the ab'lomen, inflicted by
Charles McPherson aL-out 11 o'clock last
night. The fight, of which this was the
result, has caused a tremendous sensa
tion.
According to Coates statement the act
was unprovoked. McPherson, he declares,
was under the influence of liquor and
was walking along second street with a
sack of apples when Coates and a friend
met him and informed him that he was
spilling the apples. McPherson did not
take kindly to the information, says
Coates, and used exceedingly vulgar lan
guage. Coates passed by and remarked
to his friend that he v*ould have McPher
son arrested. He turned around to go for
an officer when he met McPherson, who.
he asserts, without a word struck him
with a knife three times.
McPherson then departed, but was ar
rested a short time afterward at his
home. Coates was taken to his home and
Dr. Powell was called to attend his in
juries. Both men are residents of Yuba'
City. Coates has a wile and two children
and has always borne a good reputation.
McPherson, who is a painter, has resided
in the place but J-ix months. The doctor
gives little hope for Coates' recovery.
The knife was still in McPherson's pos
session when ne was arrested.
McPherson claims that he used the knife
in self-defense.
BRANNON REINSTATED
ON AMERICAN TURI
Horseman Implicated in Notorious
"Ringer" Cass Ends Long Period
of Ostracism.
CINCINNATI. Nov. 17.— William Bran
non, who for nearly a decade has suffered
ostracism from the American turf, has
been reinstated at Latonia.
The offense whioh made Mr. Brannon an
outcast was the supposed "ringing in" of
the noted old horse Tanner, under the
name of Polk Badget, at Latonia, on
which he cleaned up something like $30,000.
Brannon trained the horse on the pike
outside of Latonia, and nobody knew any
thing about him until after the coup had
been made. Polk Badget opened at 40 to 1
and was backed down to 8 to 5. Jockey
Keith had the mount and tried to make a
iloi^p finish, but the horse got his head and
finished away out in front.
Brannon never claimed the purse. Ha
cashed the tickets and walked the horse
to a stable in this city, and that night the
horse was hidden behind some freight in a
baggage car. painted to prevent recogni
tion by the officials and shipped direct to
Jersey City.
The trail got so hpt that the horse had
scarcely reached the stable there when he
was taken out and shipped to Hopkins
villet Term.
The horse is dead, as is the jockey who
rode him. Judge Perkins said he believed
Brannon had suffered punishment enough
and gave him reinstatement In the nature
of a pardon. '
YACHT THAT MAY SATL
FIFTY MILES AN HOUB
Great Things Expected of Craft Built
of Steel, Aluminum and
Wood.
NEW YORK, Nov. 17.— The Journal
says: Charles R. F. Flint's new yacht
will be a world-beater for speed. Fifty
miles per hour will be obtained.
She is built like a watch. Her extreme
length is 150 feet 4 inches; length on water
line, 130 feet; extreme beam. 12 feet 3
inches; normal draught of hull, 3 feet 6
inches; under screws, 4 feet 7 inches;
depth amidships. 9 feet 4 inches; bunker
capacity, 17 tons; water tank capacity,
1800 gallons.
Steel, aluminum and wood are used in
the construction of this fragile looking
though strongly braced hull, with its
knifelike bows. The hull is divided into
seven water tight compartments.
Company G's Nine Winners.
ALAMEDA, Nor. 17.— Company G's
baseball team defeated the Domestics of
Oakland this afternoon on the Cement
avenue diamond, by a score of 7 to 6.
RAPID DEATH
CLAIMS CACTI
Arizona Mourns Passing
of the Territorial
Flower.
Irrigation of Lands Promises
the Saguara's De
struction.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PHOENIX, Ariz., Nov. 17.— Tie placing
of water on the arid wastes of Arizona
lands and the consequent evolution from
desert to garden is driving to extinction
one of the strangest plants in all the
world.
At a recent session of the Territorial
Legislature the cercus giganteus, the
giant cactus, better known as the sa
guara, peculiar to the soil of this Terri
tory, was made the official flower of Ari
zona. Not many yeats will elapse until a
new choice will be made necessary.
When the first Franciscan fathers jour
neyed north from Mexico they took back
a report of the great cacti, sixty feet
long, which" covered Mie plains of the new
country, and told marvelous tales of the
food value of the new plant, of the In
dian tribes who subsic-.ed on the fruit of
the saguara and of The wonderful bene
fits In the liquor from its sap. As far as
the eye could reach btretched veritable
forests of these great sentinels of the
desert.
Now, as the science of the American
has reclaimed foot by foot the miles of
the former desert and the magic water
has made orange, peach and apricot or
chards and great fields of alfalfa, the sa
guara has fallen, and only in spots where
water cannot be placed can the odd plant
be found.
SPADES RISE
STRANGE BONES
Graders Near Cayucos
Unearth the Skele
tons of Men.
CAYUCOS, Cal., Nov. 17.— While laborers
were grading the approaches to a bridge
over the Torro Creek four miles from
Cayucos yesterday they unearthed with
spades a large number of human bones,
which appear to be the skeletons of eleven
men.
Some of the skeletons were in a sitting
posture and a few apparently had aba
lone rings in the ears and noses. Nu
merous other shell ornaments and uten
sils were found.
The skeletons were fairly well preserved.
It is believed that the site was originally
an old Indian burial ground, although
there Is no record that the spot was ever
used for such purpose.
STEADY GROWTH OF RURAL
FREE-DELIVERY SYSTEM
Civil Service May Be Extended to
That Branch of the Govern
ment Work.
WASHINGTON, Nov. I".—Superintend
ent A. W. Machen of the free delivery
system of the Postoffice Department has
been in conference with the members of
Civil Service Commission in relation to^.
proposition to transfer the rural free de
livery branch of the Postofflce Depart
ment work to the classified service. This
system gradually has grown from a small
beginning to large proportions within the
past few years and as it was not included
in the classified service at the beginning
of its existence, appointments in that ser
vice have been made without regard to
the requirements of the civil service law.
There are now between 6000 and 7000 per
sons employed in this work, which ex
tends all over the United States and not
only the members of the commission but
the officials of the Postoffice Department
itself have come to the conclusion that
the service should be embraced in the
classified service.
Superintendent Machen went over the
ground thoroughly with the commission,
and while no positive conclusion was
reached, it was stated by both parties
to the conference that the present pros
pect for the extension of the civil service
rules to the rural free delivery is good
and it is quite certain that the extension
will be made. Some difficulty has been
experienced in determining what exam
ination the rural carriers should be sub
jected to, and it Is understood that an
arrangement has been reached whereby
a separate examination will be arranged
for them.
OLYMPIC MEN COMPETE
IN SKIFF AND BARGE
In beautiful weather and on almost per
fectly smooth wate. - the Oylmpic Boat
Club held the rlosing :egatta of the sea
son yesterday in Tlbuion Cove. The re
gatta began about noon, the first event
being a novica race 'n outrigged skiffs,
in which the contestants were Roger Cor
nell, J. Horrlgan and Al Hampton. Horri
gan started in good styie and soon gained
a considerable iead, but on the homeward
stretch he was interfered with by a small
boat. Cornell gained and passed the lead
er, winning by three lengths, Horrigan
being second and Hai.ipton yiird.
In the first heat of die junior skiff race
N. J. Prenderjast had the best of it to
the turn, but was beaien by W. S. Ful
ton. In the necond heat of the junior
skiff Scott Leary won easily from W.
Longwell.
Charles Melrose Jr.. Fercy Burr and A.
T. Bullion were the contestants in the se
nior skiff race, which was the best of the
day. Burr started In lively style and
looked like a sure winner, but Melrose
stuck to his work and overhauled Burr,
who could not recovoi his lead. Melrose
won by a half-lenetn, Burr second and
Bullion a close third.
In the junior barge race a crew made
up of L. Brandenstein. how; S. Berger,
No. 2; W. W. ("Habit) Clawson, No. 3;
W. B. LongweU, stroke, and W. Fulton,
cockswain, beat a four composed of
Hampton, bow; Owens, No. 2; Bullion,
No. 3; Paddock, stroke and Percy Pem
broke, cccks-svrin. by r.ne length.
In the final heat of the junior skiff race
Scott Leary won by three lengths from
W. Fulton.
The senior b-irgp rare was a close one.
the crew mado up of R. Cornell, bow;
N Prendersrast. No. 2; C. Melrose Jr..
No. 3: F. J. Sherry, stroke, and Percy
Pembroke, cockswain winning by two
lengths from the rrew composed of
Georce James, bow; Charles Leighton,
No. 2; Percy Burr. ,\c>. 3; A. W. Pape,
stroke, and C. Dobie. cockswain.
R. Mac Arthur officiated as starter, and
the judges at the finish were Professor
Joseph O'Connor nni .T. Dawson. The
course was from the Olympic boathouse
a half-ml'e out to the stakes, and back to
a line off me clubhouse. Cantain S. J.
Pembroke was übiquitous In his skiff, and
his sons officiated as judges at the turn.
During the afternon the members of the
football team, who hac been for a run on
the hills behind Tibuion. came to th*
clubhouse for lunchevi and to view the
The talked-of race between S. J. Pem
broke and J. R. Bookman failed to come
off A. W. Pave gave an exhibition In an
outrigped skiff, standing: on his head and
doing other feats of balancing.
Christmas Holidays in Mexico.
Southern Pacific special train leaves
San Francisco December 18, Los Angeles
December 19. reaching Mexico in time for
the holiday celebrations. Round trip San
Francisco. $80; Los Angeles. $70. Person
ally conducted. Dining car. Pullnran
sleepers. Limit 60 days. Low side trip
rates. Optional itineraries. Make'reser
vations Sl3 Market street, San Francisco,
261 South Spring street, Los Angeles.
TIMELY SHEER
SAVES A SHIP
Steamer Horda Nearly
Crashes Through
a Vessel.
Narrow Escape of the Torri
don When Off the
Columbia.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
ASTORIA, Or., Nov. 17.— The British
ship Torridon, which arrived off the river
several days ago, had an almost miracu
lous escape from destruction last night,
when the Norwegian steamship Horda
narrowly missed cutting the Britisher In
twain.
The Horda was on her way down from
the Sound and arrived off the heads about
10 o'clock. The weather was very thick
at the time. Suddenly the lights of a
vessel were seen, but Captain Stevenson
of the Horda, thinking the vessel ahead
was the pilot schooner, continued on his
course, expecting the schooner would
stand under his lee and acquaint him with
his exact surroundings.
The lights rapidly came nearer and the
two vessels were almost together, when
the unknown ship flashed the danger sig
nals. At once the big steamship's en
gines were reversed and the vessel
sheered off her course. She passed within
a few feet of the Torridon, which had
been hugging the shore. Had the Horda
continued on her course for another min
ute she would certainly have cut the Tor
ridon in two.
The transport Rosecrans sailed to-day
for Manila, carrying 500 soldiers, who will
Join the army In the Philippines. The
usual hearty farewell greeting was ac
corded the departing soldiers by the thou
sands who lined the docks. One of the
men, a private named John Halnes, from
Fort Wright, Wash., was taken ashore
and sent to a hospital for treatment.
Train Injures Two Mexicans.
LOS ANGELES, Nov. 17.— Two Mexi
cans were struck by a west-bound South
ern Pacific freight train this afternoon
near San Gabriel and seriously if not fa
tally Injured. The men are laborers and
are thought to have been drinking. They
were brought to the City Hospital here,
where some of their limbs will be ampu
tated.
POLICE RESCUE
A YOUNG GIRL
Str&nge Case Is Revealed
by the Work of
Detectives.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
118 Brcadway, Nov. 17.
From a notorious house on Fifth street
the police to-day rescued Mary McLaugh
ln, a girl said to be not more than 1? or
14 years of age. Chief of Police Hodgktns
also has in custody a woman known as
i Clara Wilson and a man, Frank Lewis,
about 40 years of age, who will be
charged with having placed the girl In
the resort, which is conducted by the Wil
son woman.
Behind the revolting •circumstances
which have been uncovered by the detec
tives is a cloud of mystery concerning
the identity of the girl and the man, who
have been in this city only two or three
days. They came here together, traveling
in a covered "prairie scnooner,"' drawn
by a pair of broken down horses. Ac
cording to Lewis, they had been roving
over Southern California. He asserted
that his child companion was his niece.
The police believe that the girl's home is
In some Southern California town. She
is slight and her appearance is all against
her claim that she is 18 years of age.
The police officials have commenced a
thorough investigation of the case. They
wi'l prosecute Lewis under a law which
makes the offense with which he will
be charged punishable by a long term
in a State penitentiary. The woman is
also subject to like punishment if she Is
convicted.
Chief Kodgkins has taken the case in
hand personally. He said to-day:
Two days ago information reached the de
partment about the arrival of this couple In
town. We set an inquiry on foot and this
morning procured sufficient evidence to arrest
tie parties, who are now In custody. The man
is shrewd and cunning. He refuses to disclose
anything by which we might trace his past.
Both himself and the child declare they are
uncle and niece. If that be so the case is all
the more astounding.
The girl is slight, frail and of tender years.
I have no doubt she is under 18 years of age
and she appears not a day over 14. Our in
formation Is that Bhe is only 13 years old.
Although Lewis i« reticent I have no doubt
we shall shortly have his history, and I shall
make special effort to trace the girl back to
her relatives and her home.
Pending further investigation, the trio
will be held as "small book" prisoners.
Chief Hodgkins explained that he was
prepared to enter complaints against
Lewis and the Wilson woman at any
time if compelled to use that resort to
hold them.
RUMORS OF MAYOR-ELECT'S
DEATH CAUSES EXCITEMENT
Wild rumors were circulated last night
around town to the effect that Mayor
elect Eugene E. Schmitz had been acci
dentally killed during the afternoon at
Lathrop. Another rumor had it that the
accident occurred near Livermore. Infor
mation direct lrom the place where Mr.
Schmitz is sojourning near Watsonville
showed that the Mayor-elect had not
been injured and was enjoying the best
of health.
He spent yesterday jit the home of some
relatives near Watsonville. and had not
been in either of the towns where his
death was reported to have occurred. Mrs.
Driscoll. mother-in-lfiw of Mr. Schmitz.
stated last night that she had seen Mr.
Schmitz at noon and 'hat he was then in
the best of health.
The rumor was In all probability start
ed by some one who was under the influ
ence of liquor and unconscious of his
acts, or else by some one so malicious
that he took that means of venting a per
sonal spite. T'ue rumor for a time caused
great worry to Mr. Schmftz's friends in
this city. Had any accident occurred Mr.
Schmitz's relatives In this city would
have been notified, and the fact that they
have received no word stamps the rumors
as groundless. _
Fitzgerald Is Again. Defeated.
Collins and Maguire defeated Handball
Champion Fitzgerald yesterday at San
Francisco Court. The score:
Collins and Maguire.. S £1 21 Jl
Fitzgerald 21 19 12 17
The other games;
j Lewis and M. Maloney defeated R. O"Mal
ley and J. Philips; J. Rodgers and P. Me-
Kinnon defeated G. McDonald and M. McNeil;
D Hennessey and J. Gui'.foyle defeated J.
McCarthy and P. Lally: Ed White ami D
O'Brien defeated P. Ryan and J. Simmons;
W. Walsh defeated .1. Cavanaugh.
Death of John P. Daly.
ALAMEDA, Nov. 17.— John F. Daly died
this morning at his home on Alameda
avenue near Walnut street, after an ill
ness oT one week from brain fever. He
was 47 years of age, a native of New
Brunswick, and had resided here for
twelve years. Mr. Daly was well known
in manufacturing circles in San Francis
co, being the late secretary of the Union
Gas Engine Company.
Deceased leaves a wife, two sons and a
daughter. His funeral will be held Tues
day morning from St. Josephs Church
Interment will be in Holy Cross Ceme
tery.
MUD SPOUTS
ON PROSPECTORS
Searchers for Oil Over
whelmed by the Vol
canic WelL
Column of Sand, Gravel and
Steam Still Rises From
Desert.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
INDIO, Cal., Nov. 17.— The sensational
volcanic well of Volcano Springs con
tinues to throw up mud. sand and gravel,
but a gradual cessation is going on. This
morning the spouting column, was about
thirty feet high, where at first a conser
vative estimate gave the height at ninety
feet. At 7 o'clock this evening a dispatch
from there says that it ha 3 been checked
considerably during the day, owing most
likely to a caving beneath the cased por
tion of the well.
A short time ago the Volcano Springs
Oil Company had the well bored while
prospecting for oil of which there are
surface indications. The rig was in charga
of Waring, an expert driller. At a depth
of 300 feet a strong flow of hot salt water
was encountered. This was cas«d off
without much trouble and drilling was
resumed.
At 480 feet a ;ei of live steam came up
through the hollow drill rod on the upper
end of which there is a length of hose.
So strorg was this steam pressure that
it required three men to control the ho»e
while uncoupling it. No sooner had that
been done than a large quantity of mud.
sand, gravel the size of walnuts, and hoc
water came upon the men where the pent
up gas and steam found vent at the sur
face.
This was at once followed by an erup
tion of mud and hot water. There was
no opportunity to disconnect all the gear
and much of It was damaged. It was a
weird, uncanny sight, that black column
of mud, interrupted at intervals by bodies
of steam and gases, which when they
came to the surface sounded very much»
like the exhaust of a heavily loaded lo
comotive. The extraordinary mud geyser
Is In a level, desolate section and can be
seen for miles.
ACCUSED OF STEALING
FROM HIS BENEFACTOR
August Heinstand, a Young Graduate
of Heidelberg University, ArTest
ed for Embezzlement.
ALAMEDA. Nov. 17.— August Hein
stand, a graduate of Heidelberg Univer
sity, whose father is said to be a land
Baron in Switzerland, was arrested to-day
on complaint of Henry Helm, a fellow
countryman, who charges Heinstand
with embezzling $100 from him.
Helm conducts a confectionery store on
Park street. Heinstand, who is 22 years
of age, recently arrived here from Europe.
Financial shortage afflicted him and he
came to Heim for assistance, the latter
having been a friend of the elder Hein
stand in Switzerland. Heim employed
the young man and allowed him to at
tend to some of the bill collecting. It was
during this time that Heim claims Hein
stand received and appropriated to hs
own uses $100 which did not belong to him.
Being unable to obtain bail, Heinatand
remains In the city prison.
Swimming Contests.
Following are the results of the con
tests held yesterday afternoon at the Su
tro Baths:
50-yard swimming race — A Sundburs
first, A. Ott second: diving— J. O'Brien
first. A. Sundburg second: 100-yard race—
J O'Brien first. D. Driscoll second; tub
race— J. O'Brien first, A. Sundburg sec
ond J. McClusky third; trick and fancy
springboard diving— J. McClusky first. A.
Sundburg second; high diving— J. mt-
Clusky first, A. Sundburg second.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
UNITED STATES BRANCH.
STATEMENT
—OF. THE •
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
—OF THE—
BremeaFire
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF HAMBURG. GERMANY. ON THE SIST
day of December. A. D. 1900. and for th»
year ending on that day. as made to the In-
surance Commissioner of. the State of Cali-
fornia pursuant to the provisions of Sections
610 arid 611 of the Political Code, condensed
as per blank furnished by the Commissioner.
ASSETS.
Cash Market Value of all Stocks
and Bonds owned by Company. .$1.299,36« 25
Amount of Loans secured by pledge
of Bonds. Stocks and other mar-
ketable securities as collateral 85,000 00
Cash In Banks •;•;;•:.—• * 3 '™ 64
Premiums in due Course of Collec- •• V
tion • ¦ 125.504 94
Total Assets • .$1.386,375 83
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid $12,445 »
Losses in process of Adjustment or. -
In Suspense 33.955 no
Losses resisted, Including expenses.. 15. 550 00
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning one year or less, $368,134 95;
reinsurance 50 per cent 483.067 43 »
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning more than one year. $940,-
VI 81; reinsurance pro rata 807.327 87
Commissions and Brokerage due and
to become due 34. 049 71»
Total Liabilities $1,087,334 94
INCOME. ~"
Net cash actually received for Fire-
premiums ...-'• ......;...;...$L314,009 53
Received for ¦ Interest and dividends
on Bonds, Stocks, Loans and from
all other sources .........." • 53,920 89
Total Income : t1. 3*7,930 U
EXPENDITURES. '
Net amount paid for Fire Losses (in-
cluding $38,569 16. losses of previous
years) ••••* $794,198 «
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage .. - 254.583 «
Paid for Salaries. Fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc 118,111
Paid for State. National and Local
taxes •...:...... :...... ift.tm 41
All other payments and expenditures. 84.375 ~i
Total Expenditures ..,.....; $1,291,347 v>
Fire,.
Losses Incurred during the year $733,333 83
Risks and Premiums. I Fire Risks. I Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
. written during the
year $132,442,173 $1,610.708 (0
Net amount of , Risks
expired , during . the . ''.-..
year -...—.....-. 112. 419. 1.33.777 77
Net amount » in - force! • « - ¦
December 31. 1900. ...[ 138.150.283 j 1.908.858 78
F. O. 'AFFELP. Resident Manager. "
Subscribed and sworn to before me. this stli
day of February, lsct.- ¦ ,
CHARLES EDGAR MILLS.
Commissioner. for California in New York. ¦
RUDOLPH Jr.,
General Agent.
HARRY C. BOYD, ;
Assistant' Ceneral Agent,
415 "• CALIFORNIA STREET,
San Francisco. Ca' .
®DR. MEYERS & CO.
SPECIALISTS FOR MEM.
Established ' ISSI. Con-
sultation and private book
free, at ortice or by maiL
Cures guaranteed. lf-
731 MARKET ST. f.
SAN FRANCISCO, ry,
78
bAJf FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of The Baa Francisco
Call, oorner ot Market and Third streets; open
until 11 o'clock every night in the year:
BRANCH OFFICES— Montgomery street,
comer Clay; open until »:80 p. m.
too Hayes street; open until 8:80 p. m. -
439 McAllister street; open until 9:30 p.m.
SIS Lerk'.r. street; open until 8:80 p. m.
1»41 Mission street; open until 1C p. m.
261 Market street corner Sixteenth; open
ontll I p. m. „ . _
106 Eleventh street; open until » p. m. •
¦me Valencia street ; open until 8 p. m.
Northwest oorner Twenty-seoond ana Ji.en-
tucky streets; open until 9 p. m.
«u6 Flllmore street: open until 8 P-"" 1 -^^
MEETING SOTICES.
ASYLUM of Golfien Gate Commandery < *JL a
No 16, K. T., 625 Sutter st— Stated ]£if
assembly THIS EVENING at 8 llfl
o'clock. Order of Red Cross. All *««' j
i raters are courteously invited.
H. D. LOVELAND. Em. Com.
THEO. FROLICH. Recorder. ¦ ¦
BAN FRANCISCO Chapter No. 1. Royal •
Arch Masons, meets THIS EVENING. _J%_
Business and R. A. degree. /&J\
H. G. PRINCE, Secretary. /?'
OCCIDENTAL Lodge No. 22, F. & A. m
M— THIS (MONDAY) EVENING at^%^
7 ;S0 o clock. First degree. By order mJT
of Mm W. M. '?'
WALTER J. ANDERSON, Secy.
HERMANN Lodge No. 127, F. &A. M. a
-Called meeting THIS DAY (Monday, _Jl
November IS, 1901), at 7:30 o'clock }£lf
p. in. By order of the W. M. /?)
L. SCHUMACHER. Secretary.
KING SOLOMON'S Lodge No. 360. F. . •
and A M., 1839 Flllmore First de- Jt
gree THIS EVENING at 7:30 o'clock. iTJT
HARRY BAEHR, Secretary. /VN
UNITY Lodge No. 131 I. OOF— .^ rtV1 »,.~
Members are requested to attend .ggcESgy--
the funeral of Brother H. C.
LODERHOSE, to bo held TUES- "^^vtlw^
DAY. Nov. is. at 1 o'clock, in Teutonia Hall
1218 Howard st, bet Ninth and Tenth.
J. H. HUDSON, N. G.
O. H. STEWART. R. S.
ATTENTION^ neighbors of _ ~j^~
Redwood Camp No. 91. *9yJJ ' """ I
Woodmen of the World— —^feC^.l. V Jkf» !
You are earnestly re- r'^T'-.LwplJßfrM-Jn :
quested to attend the fu- *=n^km!SP^'ftj !
neral of our late neigh-
bor. JAMES B. GILMORE. Meet at the
residence, 142 Silver st, TUESDAY. Novem- j
ber 19, at 8:30 a. m., thence to St Rose's I
Church, where services will be held at 9 |
o'clock. Interment at Holy Cross Cemetery.
I. L. ISAACS. Con. Com.
F. C. RUSSELL, Clerk.
THE Board of Medical Examiners of the !
State of California will hold a regular meet- |
ing at examination chambers. Civil Sen-ice ;
Commission, City Hall, San Francisco, Cali- I
fornia, on TUESDAY, December 3. 1901. at <
10 a.m. C. C. WADSWORTH. M. D..
. Secretary.
THE California Debris Commission, having re- j
ceived applications to mine by the hydraulic |
process from W. B. Swank in the Gold Run |
mine, near Mountain Ranch, Calaveras Coun- |
ty, to deposit tailings in a ravine below the '¦
:r.ine; from D. Hartley & Co. In the Roan- I
ke mine, near P'acerville, El Dorado County, |
to deposit tailings In 'White Rock Creek; from i
William McDonald, In the Dardanelles and
On placer mine, near Forest Hill, Placer j
County, to deposit tailings in Dardanelles :
Canon, and from W. S. and C. A. Cooley,
in the Smith Bar mine, near Keep, Plumes !
County, to deposit tailings in a worked-out ',
pit, gives notice that a meeting will be held :
at room 69. Flood building. San Francisco, |
Cal.. on December 2. 1901. at 1:30 p. m. i
AGENTS WASTED. i
AGENTS— Best "Life of McKlnley" & Christ-";
mai books; 75 per cent discount; outfit free;
freight paid; credit given: valuable premium; !
cur agents get $200 in gold for Christmas. !
HENRY NEIL. £21 Dearborn St.. Chicago. 111. ;
ASI'HALTIM ROOKIXG.
J. PELTIER. asphal< roofing, sidewalks re- i
paired; postal. 1186 Mission; teL Folsom 2477. i
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free; divorces private: bankruptcy; col-
lections ; attachments mortgages: bills of sale: ¦
partnerships wills drawn; fees low; open
eve's. THURSTON. lOCS* Mkt.. r. 4, opp. Sth. !
I
ADVICE free — Divorces a specialty; quick; j
quiet; no charge without success; collections, i
wills, deeds, etc., prepared; charge low; estb. i
10 years. Atty G. W. HOWE, 850 Market st. j
COLUMBIAN Law and Collection Agency, sixth |
floor, 916 Market — Legal business of all kinds j
solicited; advice free; able body of attorneys. ]
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful. W. i
W. DAVIDSON. 927 Market st. opp. Mason, j
L. S. CLARK. Emma Spreckels bldg., 927 Mar- j
ktt St.; consultation free: no fees in advance. j
BICYCLES— Sale or ExcUansre. j
1 UOD second-hand bicycles for sale. $5 up; j
rend for bargain list LEAVITT & BILL, ]
SOS Larkin st. i
*~ *^ —^ I
BOARDING FOR CHILDREN.
INFANTS boarded from birth; fresh cow's and i
goat's milk; trained nurse. S Juri St., near ,
Valencia st. depot
lIOTHER'S care and good home for two or '
three children; low terms. 1607 California st. '
GERMAN lady wishes 1 or 2 children to board; t
room for parents. 439 Minna st. I
BOOKS SEW in OLD.
COOKS of every kind bought. Tel. Red 2956.
HOLMES BOOK CO.. 704-706-708 Mission st.
BUREAU TRUXKS.
TRUNKS of every description at bedrock
prices. Factory and salesroom. 826 Howard. |
BISIXESS CHANCES.
A RARE offer*. A rare offer! A $5000 saloon In
beet business location on Market st. ; long
lease; rent only $2 60 per day; elegant fix- .
tureE Err) business clearing above $300 month. |
Particulars R. G. WILKE, 26V4 Kearny st.
A— ssoo; SALOON, few doors from Market St.; I
rent 520; a place taking in from $15 to $20 per ;
day; good fixtures; National cash register
and clearing at least $100 per month. R. G. !
WILKE. 26% Kearny st. i
A— 12000; SALOON; choicest location on water
front; rent $40; place doing a rushing and
good paying business; value in sight; partners 1
can't agree. R. G. WILKE, 26% Kearny st. i
A— s3soo: SALOON, with mercantile lunch; net i
rent $50; place established for 20 years; in :
best part of the wholesale district; owner I
never cleared less than $400 per month. Par- j
tlculars R. G. WILKE, 26^ Kearny st.
A— $1000; SALOON in wholesale district; kept '
by_present owner for 20 years; clearing above I
$lio per month; owner engaged In other en- i
terprises. Call R. G. WILKE, 26% Kearny st. j
COFFEE eaioon and chop house on East ,
St.; price $1600; rent $90; water free; clearing '<
st least $300 month; finest chance in this !
line. Call R. G. WILKE. 26'^ Kearny st.
$1200; PARTNER wanted in one of the best j
paying corner saloons of Oakland; place
clearing above $300 per month; owner engaged ;
otherwise; need trustworthy man. Call R. !
G. WILKE, 26^4 Kearny st.
$1000; BAKERY on Market st ; low rent; 6 I
years' lease; 4 living rooms; baking 3 barrels j
per day; most store trade; owner cleared $1500 ;
the last £ months. Call R. G. WILKE, 26%
Kearny st. i
$275— CIGAR stand; fruit stand and horse, $75;
coal yard, $600; express and delivery busi- j
ness. $450; grocery and liquors rent $21. cost :
$1000, now $625; $250, bakery, butter, eggs; ;
shoe shop. $100; restaurant 24 years there 13
tables, $&00; notion store. $200, rent $14; no- !
tion store, rent $10. $250; will trade for lodging
bouee 10 acres fruit; cigar stand for rent, $10;
oyster house. $400; exclusive State right, $200;
partner printing business. DECKER, 821 Mkt. j
WONDERFUL Invention for developing intense :
beat from the sun's rays; 25,000 degrees can I
be developed from two yards square of sun- !
light; all kinds of ore can be ' "roasted," |
melted or literally burned up if desired with-
out fire or fuel; a fortune and immediate pay-
ing for man with few hundred
dollars. On exhibition from 9 to 3 (clear days
only), at 1073*6 Market st. room 8.
CIGAR stands, cigar stands, cigar stands. i
A profitable, well located cigar stand is a
nice business to own. I investigate stands
closely before offering them for sale. Have
come choice locations this week. Kindly call I
¦ before purchasing; I will treat you on the i
square and save you money. C. L. HEDGES
461-462 Parrott building.
RESTAURANT. $125; rent $10; a bargain. Ma-
BRIDE & CO., 765 Market st
STATIONERY and notion; $200; worth $400-
must sell; proprietor died. McBRIDE &CO '
765 Market St. ¦ "
pi*— NICE cigar store on O'Farrell st; worth
$500; a good chance. McBRIDE & CO. 765
Market st ' j
A— MERCHANTS. ATTENTION! ' ~~
Da you want to sell your business, or do you
v«.r.t a partner for a legitimate business? We
can sell your business or secure a partner
T-acJcly and without publicity; money ad-
vanced. WILLIAMS, VIERECK & CO..
Rooms ! and 4, 1104 Market et. ccr. Mason.
MILLINERY, store, notions and bazaar
in a large country town, near S. F. ; good pay-
Ing business; established for years; fullest In-
vestigation allowed. DECKER. 1320 Market.
»27i— MEAT market; paying business; best loca-
tion In the city; owner must leave the city.
Apply to H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market St.
A — WE buy, sell or exchange business of any
king. STRAND & CO.. 209 Kearny st.
A— ssoo; PARTNER In first-class saloon; re-
cejpu $£00 month. STRAND & CO., 20»
Kearny «i.
BUSINESS CHANCES-— Contlnned.
$1100 $1100 $1100
CENTRAL CIGAR STAND.
Best block. Market st - .
Daily sales average over $25.
Elegant fittings.
Real purchasers Invited to investigate.
The chance of the season. •",/. •-; i.:
For first-class stand.
STENBERQ CO.. 769 Market st
$300— BRANCH bakery and notion store; near
Market st; rent $20; daily sales $15; 4 living-
rooms: excellent fixtures; must sacrifice.
STENBERG & CO., 759 Market st .
$350— PARTNER wanted in good business; trade
established: call and investigate; this Is a
good chance. 935 Market St., room 14.
CANDY and icecream parlors; a rare bargain;
party leaving State; present receipts $150 per
month. Call 935 Market st, room 14.
RESTAURANT In business section; 6-day
house; receipts- over $40 per day; guaranteed
to clear $200 per month; trial given. DON-
ALD INVESTMENT COMPANY. 850 Market.
IF you want a partner or buy established busi-
ness we have them; see us first. 927 Market
st. room 208. _ ; ¦ ¦ * ¦•• .„
A — DELICACY store in first-class running or-
der; snap. MITCHELL & CO.. 1206 Market
A HOTEL of about 60 rooms, doing good busi-
ness; central location, city of San Jose; will
sell for third of its value; ill health the rea-
son for selling; this is a snap; also one of
the best located saloons in the city, on Mar-
ket st; doing a big business. C. C. SMITH,
630 Market st, San Francisco.
HONEST man with $700 wanted to Join practl-
cal butter man in opening first-class butter
and egg market; line location secured; very
attractive store; services required; experi-
ence unnecessary. Box 1814. Call office.
$650 BUYS interest In wonderful Invention and
secures good position at a salary of $2 50 per
day besides paying at least 200 per cent yearly
profit on Investment. Call 8 to 3, at 1073^
Market St.. room 8. • '
RESTAURANT, established years, clearing
$2000, for sale; part cash; proprietor retiring
from business. Inquire JOHN R. VAN ARS-
DALE. 438 Sixth st. >.
BRANCH bakery, confectionery and laun-
dry office; near large school; two living
rooms; no agents. Box 2029. Call office.
$1700— For sale, groceries, fruit, vegetables and
poultry store, with 5 living rooms; rent $25.
930 Flllroore st
FOR SALE— A good planing mill In a lumber
yard; located in a growing town. Address
P. O. box 459. Healdsburg. Cal.
CHOP and oyster house for sale. 524 Pacific st.
CHOICE corner saloon; good location; paying
business. Apply new cor. saloon, 7th & Folsom. |
PARTNER wanted— Splendid paying restau-
rant; owner has other interests. 217 Sixth st.
FOR RENT — m acres poultry ranch; $7 a
month. Inquire 659 Third St., San Francisco.
Fashionable ladies' hairdressing parlors and |
store; fine location. Box 2354, Call, Oakland. |
FOR — Wood and coal business. Apply j
cor. Fifteenth and Clay sts., Oakland. ¦
GOOD bar and lunch house for sale; cheap; on
water front. Box 2072, Call.
' SHOE shop for sale, $50. 520 Hyde st, corner
! Geary.
PAYING coal oil route; good horse and wagon;
¦ trial given. 2938 Folsom st.
I RESTAURANT and oyster house; 32 years in
1 same place. 207 Third st.
j $SOO— HALF interest in a wholesale, retail and
i manufacturing business. Inquire 247 sth st.
|¦1 1 ¦
SHOESHOP for sale. 939U Mission st.
FIRST-CLASS saloon, with grocery, on ac-
count cf death. Inquire 1697 Folsom st. :
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
4 ROOMS-CLEARS $250 EVERY MONTH;
don't miss this bargain. DECKER, 1020 Mkt.
A—2l-roomA — 21 -room house nr. San Mateo carhouse; price !
only $1000; worth $1500. Decker. 1020 Market.
ALL BARGAINS— CALL FOR LIST.
45 rooms; clears $250 $5500 ;
3 rooms; best in city 3500
6 rooms; new flat; elegant furniture 400
8 rooms; on Mission st 275
9 rooms; fine corner 325
24 rooms; the best ; 2000
< 12 rooms; large yard 1500
: 40 rooms; boarding - 4500 !
MONEY TO LOAN ON ANY HOUSE.
8 rooms; fine yard 350 1
10-room house; fine location 425
24, rooms; on Geary st... 1900 1
16 rooms; transient; only $400 cash 750 j
! 100 rooms; clears $350; payments to suit.. 5500 '
8 rooms; flat; near City Hall 350 i
I IS rooms; on Sixth St.; clears $S0 800 i
24 rooms; on Market st.; clears $150 1600 '
10 rooms; on Mason St.; new 750 j
32 rooms: offices; clears $250 3500 !
I 21 rooms; $600 cash, balance payments.... 1250
FRENCH SPOKEN.
H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market; tel. Mint 796.
! A— A CLEAR TITLE GUARANTEED .".
AT KETSLOFF'S OFFICE I
! A FEW SAMPLES OF OUR LARGE LIST:
' Any of the following on monthly payments: j
8 rooms; well furnished $400
1 18 rooms; on Ellis; a bargain 1500 j
17 rooms; $250 can remain; clears $85 800 |
I S3 rooms; grand transient location 2200 j
; 25 rooms; good location; clears $150 1200 I
16 rooms; corner: part cash 1000 I
28 rooms; clears JGU; payments 400 1
C 9 rooms; grand corner; clears $600 6500 I
40 rooms; always rented; sacrifice 1250 j
CALL. WE CAN SUIT YOU. 1
IS rooms; respectable: clears $90 1500
; 20 rooms; good location; money maker.... 753 !
MONEY LOANED PHONE JOHN 531 !
I A. H. RETSLOFF. 906 Market st
40 ROOMS; sunny and every room rented: good
location; clears $200; $2850. RETSLOFF.
1 13 ROOMS; Just listed; clears $70; best in the j
city: $1200; payments. RETSLOFF.
THE DONALD INVESTMENT CO..
I 880 Market st Phone Davis 281
: M rooms; good income- $2600
17 rooms; good transient location 1500 '<
15 rooms; Van Ness; good furn 1400
6 rooms; fine furn.: a. nice home 700 j
8 rooms; a bargain , 650 ]
13 rooms; good; new: clean 1500
] 16 rooms; fine condition; ail rented 1600
I 19 rooms; modern house; fine«furn 2500
; 21 rooms; well furn.; good income..., 2600
IS rooms; good location; pays well 1500
C rooms; good furn. and carpets 500
! NEW 50-room house, reading-room, office
1 ground floor, with or without restaurant and
barber shor>; will be furnished to suit; any 1
part or whole; long lease; low rent. DON- j
ALD INVESTMENT CO.. 850 Market st. »
i A. CAMERON & CO.,
850 Market st. and 8 Stockton st
. Rooms 21, 22 and 23. Phone Bush 328. •
See our list of bargains.
24 r. ; rent $65; good house and loc; only. slloo
24 r. ; Geary fine Inccme 1900
18 r. ; rent $55; clears $60; good location.. 800
15 r. ; rent $80; NE. cor.; new cleg. furn.. 1500
17 r. ; rent $65; Post; good house; pays well.
9 r. ; rent $45; good house; Sutter st 800
6 r. ; rent $25; modern flat; cleg.; reduced. 350
I MARION GRIFFIN. 719 Market, nr. Call bldg"
1 24 r.; corner; rent $50; full of men $IUO'J
9 r. ; cent.; respectable; M cash; install.. 25)
: 40 r.; transient; a regular mint 2000
17 r.; rent $50; free water; nice 500
DO r. ; family hotel; fine; clears $230 6000
4 r. ; full of steady roomers; rent $120;
quiet neighborhood; clears $145 month.. 3000
1 26 r.; nice house; 3 blocks N. of Market
St.; rent $90; always clears $92 month... 1600
j WINSTON & WOLF, ~~~
1026 Market st.
Photograph gallery entrance; telephone Jessie
211. The following are a few of the many
bargains we are offering this week:.
19 rooms; fine transient; only $950
27 rooms; new; good location 1400
20 rooms; sunny corner 1000
1 rooms; downtown ....*. 325
30 rooms; rent $50; sunny corner 850
; McERIDE & CO. have moved to 765 Market st.
Some Bargains for To-day:
I 100-room house $1400
! 16-room house 900
12-room house 600
10-room house 700
14-roorr. boarding-house 1100
Great bargains in restaurants, saloons,
bakeries, candy, cigar stores, etc.
I A— lo ROOMS; Ellis St.; rent $32 60; 0n1y. .5300
16 rooms; good furniture, carpets; only.. 725
I 12 rooms; Market St.; rent $40: Rood house. 550
Many more bargains; get our list first.
. MITCHELL & CO.. 1206 Market St.
! A— NOTICE— We have rooming-houses, all sizes
1 and rrices. in all parts of the city; get our
list first MITCHELL & CO., 1206 Market st.
FOR sale— At Sacramento, Cal., a second-class
hotel of 60 rooms, reading-room, dining-room
kitchen and barroom; all the rooms rented to
steady lodgers; located, on principal business
street; offered at a sacrifice, as owner's health
will not permit him to continue the business;
rent reasonable. For further particulars In-
quire of W. P. COLEMAN CO., 325 J st
Sacramento, Cal.
jBO r.; BEAUTIFUL house; profit $130 $3150
4 r.; rent $175; clears $200 month 2000
21 r.; profit $70 month; bargain...... 1150
15 r.; profit $50; good location 1050
14 r. ; rent and water $27 50 ,400
_COFFMAN & SHUBERT. 1007% Market st
BUYERS— Before buying a house go to'
_ „ G. W. SCHWEINHARD.
Phone Mint 1911. 917 Market st., opp. Mason.
I He can suit you in houses and prices.
BUYERS OF LODGING-HOUSES:
Get our list; Iwe can suit you; bargains in
SJS, P a »f tß °« the lty ' 027 Market st" room
208; phone Howard 2609.
FINE rooming-house of 15 rooms; all full-
&e 11 t OC a t tl ,° nn r OO n m e^4 y fumlBhed - m at 83J
C S B j AP *; ST and best In America— The Weekly
t iV .16. 16 c? a 5 eBi , sent to any address In the
United paw!" or Canada one year for $£
postage paid. ..
THE SAN FKANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, NOVEMBER 18, 1901.
. LODGING-HOUSES WANTED.
WANTED— buy lodging-house •of 25 ,or 80
rooms In the - downtown district; must be
cheap. Address A. B. ;C, 802 Montgomery
. street. .-.•..-,-¦.,.-¦-'. . .- ¦'.¦¦ ¦ :
SPIRITUALISM.
A^MRS. DR. ~^A^NllA^r's^i7ituaT~medium
and life reader; mining a specialty; dr. Sun.,
Wed, and Friday evening. 1035 Market st.
C. V. Miller, world's famous materializing me-
dium; spirits speak face to face; seance Tue.,
Fr.. Su.. 8 p. m., 50c. 1804 Bush; p. Larkin 2275.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance, bus. medium;
life reader; medical, clairvoyant; 'sittings, $1;
letter. $2. 1164 O'Farrell St.; Ellis car.
A— PROF. GEE. 108 Sixth st, satisfactory
readings, 50c, $1 ; circle every night. 10c.
MRS. JENNIE ROBINSON, medium, 6098 Lar-
kin, nr. Turk; hours 11 to 4; phone- Sutter 841.
ETHEL HODGE Materializing
• seance Monday. eve., 50c. 305 Taylor st. ,
BROCK WAY'S seance Sunday, Tuesday, Thurs-
day. 25c, 8:15 p. m. readings dally.' 299 Hyde.
KATIE HEUSSMANN removed to 1774 15th, nr.
Guerrero; readings by mail; sittings daily.
MRS. HUBBARD, 109 Oak; circle Sun., Tues.,-
Frl., 7:3o;^Wed., ladies. 2:30; read, dally. 50c.
Elizabeth Tnyes, trance mcd. ret'd., 132 6th; se-
ance Sun.. Tues., Thurs., 8:15, 25c; prlv. read.
ARNOLD & Dlckson tell everything 50c, $1 ; ma-
terializing seance Thurs., Sun. nights. 201 Turk.
EDWARD EARLE, 328 Ellis, phone Polk 1601;
sittings 9:30 to 5; seance Sun, and Thurs.
FRIENDSHIP Hall, 335 McAllister— C. J.
Meyer: sittings daily; test to all to-night. 10c..
clair VOVANTS.
ME. M. BERN ARdTT~ ~~~
THE famous .
Clairvoyant and business medium, permanently
located at 17 Third st, next Examiner bldg. She
reads your life correctly, gives an accurate de-
scription of the past, reveals. the present hap-
penings and portrays events to occur In the fu-
ture. If you are in trouble, discontented, un-
happy or not satisfied In life, or have domestic,
love or business troubles, consult this great
medium and you will be told how to overcome
them. Valuable advice In all affairs of life;
25c up; satisfaction guaranteed. Tel. Black 4569.
DAGMA, the Egyptian, Just 1 arrived from
Egypt, draws aside the uncertain years ahead;
. happiness and success go hand in hand, yet
hundreds fail where success is possible were It i
not for the lack of foresight Into the future;
if you are in trouble, unhappy or not satisfied
in life, consult DAGMA. for she is a prophet-
ess of world-wide fame and her name has be-
come a proverb in thousands of homes made
happy by her. 43 Van Ness aye., room 17;
office hours 9 a. m.- to 8 p. m. - - ;
BROOK'S, CLAIRVOYANT AND MEDIUM.
Do you wish to succeed? Are you making a
change in business? Are you 111, depressed or j
uncertain? Why not seek the. fullest knowl- I
edge that will help you to succeed? Letters
containing stamp answered. \ BROOKS, 1206
Market, rooms 34 . and 35, cor. Golden Gate.
MRS. DR. F. CLARKE, the well-known trance
medium, Is permanently located at 1206 Mar-
ket St., cor. Golden Gate aye., rooms 25 and
26; take elevator. Perfect satisfaction guar-
anteed by mail; send stamp for pamphlet
with special terms.- Daily and Sunday.
A— LINCOLN, CLAIRVOYANT, ¦>'¦¦. ~~
• HIGH PSYCHIST.
The most wonderful clairvoyant en the coast;
he succeeds when others fail; permanently
located at 125 Turk St.; readings by mail.
ME. ARNDT.the great clairvoyant, tells past,
• future; never fails; . has the greatest Egyptian
secret; shows picture future husband or, wife;
fee 25c & up; satisfaction to everybody; open
Sundays; hours 10. to 8 p. m. 215'^ Sixth st.
ME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader, born with double second sight;
. diagnoses diseases with life reading; ladies 50c,
gents $1; palm, and clair. sit. $1 SO. 126 Turk.
ISMAR, the Egyptian Gipsy, : clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located 1148 Market, op-
posite Sixth; private readings dally, 10 a. m.
to 5 p. m. Sundays from 10 to 12 a. m. ,
MISS M. WILLE. 326 A Ellis st, clairvoyant
crystal seer; reads your life correctly; gives
names, dates, facts, tells everything; read- j
ings. EOc, $1; hours, 10 a. m. to Bp. m. -."
i PROF. WELLER, clairvoyant, scientific palm- j
ist and phrenologist. 1007% Market, near 6th.
PRINCESS ISHMAEL, wonderful astrologist;
tribe Alohobar. 1008% Mkt, 2d floor, hrs. 10-9.
ME. WALTERS, great card reader; ladles 25c,
gents EOc. 951 Mission, nr. 6th; open Sundays.
i MRS. MALLORY, 917 Howard St.. clairvoyant
and spirit card reader: consult me. !
j MME. MARSAN, card reading; business ad-
! vice. 25c up. 149 Taylor St., room 9. •.•
j MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant, card reader; la-
; dies 25c; gents 50; readings dally. 132 Sixth. j
j — — __ 1
I CLAIRVOYANT, card reader: from Louisiana; i
only 10c; from 1 to 8. 262 Minna st. nr. 4th.
TRUTHFUL card reading, palmistry included; I
sittings 26c. 289 Fell st. ; ,
MRS. MELVILL, weII-known clairvoyant, water I
reader. 11 6th; German spoken; tel. Jessie 1563 j
l MRS. B. Baumann, well-known fortune teller, \
j has removed from 315 O'Farrell to 222 Eddy, i
| MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, reader; palmistry; i
I truth or no pay; 25c. 1149 Mission, over store. '
ME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
advice; names given; 25c Op. 5 Fourth st.
! CARPET BEATING AND CLEANING, j
i "WHEN you become disgusted with poor work I
[ send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing Works, 353-357 Tehama st. tel. South 40.
j MODERN CO.; steam cleaning, 3c: laying;
cleaning on floor. Phone Mint 301; 923 Mission
AMERICAN Carpet-beating Works— Cleaning,
j 3c; renovated, relald. 104 14th St.; tel.Capp 2512
j ADVANCE Carpet-cleaning "Co.. 402 Sutter st.
! tel. Main 394. GEO. VVALCOM & CO.. Prop.
| RUDOLPH & CO., carpet-beating works; prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison; tel. Mission 263. •
I CON'KLIN'S Superior Carpet-cleaning Works;
33 Golden Gate aye.; telephone East 126.
i CITY Steam Carpet-beating .Works. G. H.
STEVENS. Mgr.. 38-40 Sth St.; tel. South 250.
; J. E. MITCHELL, Carpet-cleaning and Reno-
vating Co.. 240 14th St.: tel. Mission 74.
CHIROPODISTS. ' .
EUNIONS, corns, ingrown nails; painless cure
DR. DUNCAN. 206 Kearny St., room 307. -
i CORNS, bunions, - Ingrown nails removed with-
out pain. Dr. E. Menor. 6 Eddy St.. room 105.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLi S Agency— No charge
unless successful. Room 310, 927 Market st.
; COLUMBIAN Law and Collection. Agency, :
rm. 85, 91C Market. Advice free; tel. Bush 194. i
~ DENTISTS. '
DR. T. S. HIGGINS. 927 Market st.rEmma
Spreckels bldg. — Painless dentistry at reason-
able prices; pure gold lilllnKs, $1 U); other fill-
ings, $1; gold and porcelain ' crowns, -$5 up;
plates, a lull set of teeth that look natural
I and guaranteed. $5 up. . " .
Painless extraction. - . . s
I do first -class work only and guarantee It.
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, bridges
j and fillings; extractions or fillings by my
wonderful secret, painless method 20 years'
experience; no students; advice free;. prices
I cheapest and guaranteed; lady attendants.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, 20 O'Farrell St.
ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC, 809 Market, cor.
4th. rm. 7. Flood bldg., extractions done pain-
lessly; teeth without plates our specialty; gold
. crowns. $3 50 up; plates, extractions free, $4 50
up; office hours. 9 a. m. to 9 p. m. ; Sundays,
9 to 2. J. W. THATCHER, D.D. S.. manager.
A— NEW unbreakable plate, the Rose Pearl,
warranted for 20 years; crowns. $3 50; fillings.
60c; plates, $5. full set: all, work painless and
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors, :24 Sixth.
LOWEST prices in S. F. ; painless extraction,
j 60c. N. Y. Dentists, 969 Mission, SE. cor. 6th.
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny, ; cor. Bush—
Full set of teeth, $4; crowns. $3; fillings. 25c.
YOU can save 40 per ' cent on dental - work by
going to DR. BROWN, 54 Sixth st
AT Ideal Dental Co., 6 Eddy st— Work done
on weekly installments; lowest rates.
SET of teeth .without plate. DR. H. 0?
• YOUNG. 1841 Polk st. ¦-;', . .
DR. R.L. WALSH, 815% Geary, nr. Larkln— Pain-
less extraction. 50c; plates $5 up ;phone Polk 1135.
DR. H. G. TRUMAN, • dentist, third floor Ex-
aminer building; formerly - In Murphy bldg.'
DOG HOSPITALS. ~~
DR. CREELY'S ¦ C. . P. dog ; soap* by druggists
' or at the Hospital, 510 Golden Gate ay;. '¦ •
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWELL Dressmaking. & Millinery school—
Class rates; patterns cut. 1019 Market Et.vi'%
FRENCH accordion and knife pleating. WM
PILGER. 121- Post, over O'Connor & Mnffatt.
¦ v , :".'.' EDUCATIONAL. ;'/,•¦; -;"r ¦'<¦
HEALD'S SCHOOL OF ELECTRICAL ENGI-
¦ NEERING — Theory, demonstration, • construe-
' tion; laboratory and shop work;- thoroughly
practical; day ' and night. : 24 Post St., S. F. ;
• catalogue . free. ..' -'-¦;¦¦•':' -.': - : '
AYRES' Leading Business College, 723 Market—
$S per month; $50 life scholarship guarantees a
complete business education; shorthand, typ-
- ing, bookkeeping, ¦ arithmetic, penmanship,
¦ spelling, Spanish, ; etc. ; experienced teachers ;
new typewriters; positions secured; cat.: free.
A— THE LYCEUM, -an ¦' accredited preparatory
school for the university, law and medical col-
", leges: references. 'President' Jordan or any
Stanford professor. I'hclan building.
"_¦•- EDUCATIONAL-—
HEALD'S SCHOOL OF MINES. 24 POST ST.^
S. F.— Thorough courses ; complete equipment;
all subjects pertaining to mining and mining
engineering; day; and night; catalogue free.
The official reporters of theSupremeCourt ad-
vise their friends to attend -¦ the GALLAGHER-
MARSH COLLEGE. Is this advice worth fol-
v lowlng? Life scholarship $50; catalogue.
CALIFORNIA Business College: most : thorough
modern methods; positions for all graduates;
new 60-page catalogue free. J 805 Larkin st.
MERRILL- MILLER . Shorthand, . typ-
. ing, practical bookkeeping. Rooms 40-45, 1 Par-
¦ rott bldg. ; .- Individual . instruction; catalogue.
ENGINEERING— • elec., mining, mech.sur-
¦ vey, assay, cyanide ; day, eve. ; eet 1864. Van
* Nalllen School, 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
BOOKKEEPING, figures; the one man who per-
fects beginners, college graduates & bookkeep-
ers Is TARR, the expert, 220 Parrott building.
A FULL course of Ellis bookkeeping and the
Gregg shorthand costs only $60. San Fran-
cisco Business College, 1236 Market St'
PROF. C. Hoffman, tenor and voice : builder;
Italian method; concert and opera. 1017 Sutter.
FIGURES— Nothing like it " for rapidity; > $5.
TARR. 220 Parrott bldg.. gives particulars.
MARY P. WESTHAUS. piano, mandolin, guitar
. lessons, ; . 60c; piano for practice. 39 Fifth st.
Leo Cooper's | School of Acting, 814 • Geary St.;
day and even, classes; send for new circular.
ENGLISH, Latin, Mathematics, Literature a
specialty. MISS ROULSTON, 776 O'Farrell st
Chicago Business College, 1435 Market, nr. 10th—
' Pitman shorthand, typing, bookkeeping, $6 mo.
VAUDEVILLE School of Acting— Pupils pre-
. pared for the stage. 125 Mason st.
PROF. L. MERKI, experienced teacher; violin,
, mandolin, guitar; juvenile class. 1008 Mission.
ILLUSTRATION— DAY and
ILLUSTRATION— class. 424 Pine st.
HEALD'S Business College, 24 Post St., S. F. ; :
founded : 1863; new 80-page catalogue free.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc.; day or eve. ; $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
V EMPLOYMENT OFFICES."
JAPANESE ¦ reliable housecleaning ; . : also ;
cooks , and waiters | furnished at short notice.
George Klnochita, 783 Haight; tel. Fell 5046;
br'ch 605 Stevenson, cor. 7th; tel. Folsom 2711.
I JAPANESE and Chinese help. of all kinds:
| cooks, -waiters and house servants. GEO.
AOKI & CO., 421 Post St.; tel. Bush 135. -j
JAPANESE Employment Office and House-,
cleaning Co. . furnishes best help.. 521 Jessie
: st; phone South 695. * , . v •. ¦:.:.-
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office-
Best help. 411^4 O'Farrell st. ; tel. East 426.
JAPANESE Intelligence Office— Furnish mo3t
i reliable help." 524 Bush st. ; tel. Bush 516.
ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese, Chi-
nese help. 426 Powell, nr. Sutter; tel. 81ack 5072.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
flce; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 5182.
EMPLOYMENT — FEMALE.
MIDDLE-AGED woman wishes a position for
' general housework and plain cooking. - Call at
1414 Lyon St., near Sutter. " -
RESPECTABLE woman as nurse by the week
or month, or would care for invalid; good
reference. Call before 8 p. m. at 828 Geary.
SWEDISH girl of experience; a good cook:
also housework; city reference. Call from 11
to 5 at 1050 Howard st, room 4. ,-
WANTED— By a young lady, a positfon In a
factory or laundry; state wages. Box 1742,
Call office. ¦ " . . "¦." ¦ . ' • •
COMPETENT girl wants general housework In
American family.- Call from 9 to 5 p. m. at
123 Sutter st. .. \ "
GERMAN woman wants work by day washing,
housecleaning or cooking. 1022 Larkin st;
phone Larkln, IS6I. • ,' '
RESPECTABLE young woman wishes general
. work and cooking; wages $20 to $25. Call 227
Hickory aye., near Hayes st. * '
I WIDOW with child of 3 would act as ladles'
companion and assist elderly lady for room
and board; references exchanged; no triflers.
Box IS2O. Call office. ¦
A i YOUNG Swiss girl, experienced in cooking
and general housework, r^-slre? a filt"~""n In
a good American family; first-class . eferen cea
Box 2074, Call. , ¦ ;
DRESSMAKER from New York wants engage-
ments in families; tailor-made and beautiful
gowns; satisfaction guaranteed. 823 Sutter
St., lower flat. :
FIRST-CLASS laundress desires situation in a j
i private family; good city reference. ¦ MISS
[ CULLEN, 325 Sutter St. " ' '. r~
| WANTED — at housecleaning or wash-
! ing; day or • week. Apply upstairs at . 531 !
O'Farrell st. ¦ ¦'•" .- .->. -> . ¦ ¦ :
j FIRST-CLASS French dressmaker would like
[ to go out by the day In private families; {2 !
per day. MRS. BECKER. 308 Valencia st.
i WANTED — Place to work for room and board
by lady employed part of the day; no wait-
j ing table. Box 1737, Call. ;,'
' EXPERIENCED chambermaid (German) wants
to do work in hotel. E. BEHNKE. 901 Fol-
som St., second floor. ..•-." '.
j REFINED young lady, French teacher, wishes
to exchange lessons or light services for room
or board; experience; reference. Box 1840, Call.
I FIRST CLASS milliner will make hats jf la-
I dies' own material or will furnish same at
wholesale prices. Address box • 1505, Call. :
SWEDISH cook desires situation; 7 years' ref-
erence. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st. -.- '
TWO Swedish ladies want work by the day;
washing or housecleaning. ,376 Fifth st ;
DAILY governess, English lady, desires posi-
tion. Box 1735, Call. ¦'¦-
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket— 2oo rooms; 25c to $1 60 per night; $1 50 to
.$6 week; convenient and respectable; free
'bus and baggage to and from ferry. . -
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and |
subscriptions has been established at 109 ii |
Valencia st. . . :
EMPLOYMENT WANTED— MALE.
I BARBER— Young man, 25, : who has I had 8
I months' experience, desires steady situation
[ where he can Improve; wages secondary con- i
i sideration.- • Box ISI7. Call office. ..-.;. |
BRIGHT, well-educated youth wishes position j
in railroad or steamship company where ad- :
vancement is possible;' strictly honest and
neat. Box 1743, Call office. . . ' ¦
GOOD gardener and greenhouse man, able to
I care for cow and chickens if ! necessary,
wants situation. Address box 1819. Call office, j
! YOUNG gentleman wants to assist in travel- j
ing as companion. Address E. L., box 2058, ;
. Call office. ; ¦,"¦'-• ' "-'•-- ' '¦' ¦ '¦:'' j
BARKEEPER, young man, desires position;
I excellent references. Box • 1734, Call , flee.
| POSITION desired by an energetic young man,
I with 10 years' business experience; writes a
good round hand; is a first-class accountant; !
- is willing to do almost . anything as he wants I
¦ work; best of references. H. E., box 2077, CalL |
YOUNG man,' good references, speaking J and j
writing English, French, Italian and Spanish, :
desires to be employed. Call or write to AL-
'-. BERT VQRCHIO, 920 Montgomery st : ; \ J
GERMAN i speaking young I man, > thoroughly
versed in work • of . railway freight depart-
ments, would like position in office; refer- |
': ences.: Box' 2059. Call office. '¦¦..- . .. , :¦¦¦
WANTED— Position in a wholesale or commis-
sion house by a man of good habits and ref-
erences; not afraid of hard work. Box 1736,
Call office. ; ; . -. ; -v y¦¦:,-.¦y ¦¦:,-.¦
A POSITION In wholesale grocery house by in-
telligent youne man wishing .; to - learn the
business; $30 per month to start; best refer-
ences. Box 1830, Call office. ','
FIRST-CLASS j florist and 1 landscape gardener,
also vegetable and orchard man, wantu posi-
tion; private place; city or country; best of
.references., Box 2027. Call office. ;- ' -
AN experienced ; bookkeeper wishes employ-
- ment; good penman: rapid at figures; can fur-
nish the best of references and bonds. Ad-
dress box 1513. Call. :• * " ! '¦ ' •' : '"-¦ : ";
CHINESE first-class family cook wants situa-
: tion; $30, $35, $40 per month; city, .Oakland.
Call W. S. K. & COOK CO.. 6151/4 Dupont st,
room 29. ..-.'..•¦. ¦¦';., a'' V-1 ¦ ¦' *" '¦"- ¦'" -¦ - .- '-
AMERICAN man and wife want places ¦ as
caretaker or choreman and housekeeper; city
. or country; references. : Box 1768, : Call office.
EXPERT show card writer, willing to assist
: , otherwise, 'will , accept t position : $10 ¦ weekly;
; city, or country. Box 2071, Call office. - ;..': ¦-"-. -.•;-.
A COOK wants a situation; understands bak-
. ' ing bread; -country. 1301 . Santa ¦ Clara aye.,'
¦ : Alameda. -, ¦.¦ .¦•¦.-.' ¦ ,- '.¦ ¦ , " '¦¦ . '': :- .- ''.;'¦; ;.' 1
GOOD bartender .or -.waiter wants position In
: country hotel; best of -¦¦. reference. -. Address
s ¦ box ' 2075. - Call ¦ office. :¦..¦: «*.' ¦: ' . •.-." '."•'. ¦•'''.!..:•¦ .;¦-.
. AN ' experienced Eastern bedmaker desires sit-
' uation in > hotel  or first-class ; lodging-house;
can fill night clerk's position. Box 1821. Call.
STRONG, able-bodied young ' man, experienced
boxmaker, willing •• to do any ; kind %of {. work.
.desires position. Box 1847, Call of flee.
FIRST-CLASS chef wishes a situation as chef
• or ' chef steward ¦ in ¦ hotel or ' club lin or * out
".'of city.. i Address J. F. F-. 539 Howard st. t -
FIRST-CLASS • blacksmith . and : horseshoer
: . wants situation; • good \ workman. % Box \ 2054, l
Call office. :»¦..::.¦¦" ..•¦-?¦.-"¦ ¦¦'.¦''•¦'¦*"."•-¦' .-,.-¦'¦' "v.--' ¦
PAPERH ANGER and painter wants work; ha*
a complete outfit of tools. 1302 Webster st. ;
." ".>- teL > Jackson r 1321." -¦.'¦'¦: -. ¦' .7 '^' ¦ •¦:"•¦ '¦¦'. -'<"S'*.*^-j.' '.
WANTED— Situation ,'- : as " .'coachman ;•¦¦•• good
-^.recommendations. Address : box ; 2070, -: Call. v
/.- ¦ ¦ -. FINANCIAL.
PACIFIC ; Coast Underwriting Co. .' (Inc.)— We
,• have 42 ' offices in operation; new method of
placing '. stocks and bonds; companies - incor-
. porated; stocks and bonds underwritten. Call
or address main office, 507-8-9 Parrott. bldg.
COMPANIES . promoted ¦ and : financed, stock
taken >in -payment for services: good mining
'and industrial- propositions wanted; gold
¦- bonds furnished. PACIFIC STATES MINING
AND INVESTMENT CO.. 326 Post st. ,
w z __ : '{.¦ V FLATS TO LET. ,
NEW upper flat. 6 rooms and finished attic;
. fine * location, view and grounds. Northwest
corner Waller and Portola sts.. between Pierce
and Stelner. -;
BOWIE v aye., 5, oft Eleventh st— A flat -of 3
rooms; cheap rent to, a small family. Apply
to MADISON & BURKE. 626 Market st. .
A— COZY; i new; gas; electric; 4 rooms; porce-
. lain ; bath. 1421 Green St.. nr.' Van Ness aye.
CHURCH, 294— Elegant new modern sunny cor.
flat; 8 rooms, bath, basement; $40. ¦ . .; ¦
O'FARRELL. 1933— Modern flat 6 sunny rooms,
bath, yard, basement; reas. to good tenant
WALLER, , 1708, near park— Sunny upper flat;
3 rooms; rent $11; water free - .-¦¦¦-
, FLATS TO LET— FURNISHED.
PARLOR ' floor, furnished; 4 rooms; piano;
bath; garden, etc. 1517 Golden Gate aye.. 12
to 4 p. m.', ¦ ¦ , . '
-¦•¦/- FURNITURE FOR SALE.
CARPETS, • curtains and furniture, in use for
one year; 7 rooms; new flat, 137 Baker st.,
• near Park; $34 rent Call between 10 a. m.
and 2 p. m. -
4 ROOMS furnished In oak, $48 50 with No 7
range. King Furniture Co., 1127-1131 Market.
_-- _'_- : . FURNITURE WANTED. ¦'
WILSON buys all kinds of household goods".
1710 Market; tel. South 413. ."
A. WOLLPERT, 773 Mission st, pays highest
price for second-hand furniture; tel. Red 1354.
A. L. STORRS. 634 Ellis st; telephone Larkin
2782; highest price paid for furniture, carpets.
TEL. Jessie 761 before selling furniture car-
pets, pianos, etc. CHAS. LEVY, 1135 Market.
FRAMES AND PICTURES.
CLYDE L. , KELLER. 12S-130 Hayes st.V near
Van Ness — Xmas novelities; oval and
odd-shaped frames. -
GLOVES.
D. & F. new (1 glove, retailed at factory price;
warranted; kept In repair. 121 Grant aye.
HELP ;'. WANTED FEMALE.
A— MRS. M. E. DAY & CO... Phone Main 1575
. ". HOTEL DEPARTMENT
2 waitresses, first-class commercial hotel, $25;,
12 waitresses, city . and country hotels, $20
and $25; 3 chambermaids, to wait, $20 and
$25;' chambermaid, $7 week, sleep home; 2
lunch waitress,' 50c. etc....
; FAMILY DEPARTMENT
Cook, German family, $35; 5 cooks, German
and American families. $30: housegirl, Ameri- ¦
can family, $30; housegirl, Oakland, $25; [
ranch cook, $20; . woman, 4 days a. week,
$1 60 day; . houseglii, $15. light, work, sleep
home; many very good reliable positions now
open
MRS. M. E. DAY & CO .....335 Geary st.
WANTED — Competent woman to take care of i
an infant: references required. Call 233 1 )
Washington st. this morning.
REFINED German girl for 12- year-old child; |
city references. Apply Granada Hotel, 1000 ,
Sutter st., room 61, Monday, bet. 1 and 3 p. m.
WANTED— A girl for general housework and I
cooking; small family: reference. Call before
12 m., 2225 Pacific aye.
WANTED— A neat and willing girl to assist
with housework. 710 Hyde st. ..
WAIST and skirt . hands wanted at 1407 La-
guna st. • • '. . 1
FIRST-CLASS finisher on custom-made pants.
461 Jessie St. . ,
YOUNG . lady as • hypnotic subject and office
work. Box 261, Call office.
GIRL for office; $3 per week. Box ISIB, Call
, office. . -'•- ¦ ¦¦ - ¦
A NEAT girl for light downstairs work: must
be good, cook; wages $25. 11S0 O'Farrell st.
GIRL • for general housework: 3 in family;
waged $20. Call at 2612 Larkin st. , ; .
GIRL for general housework. 1620 Pine st.
WANTED — Advanced apprentice on coats; good
- pay. 208 Sutter St. , • "¦" - :¦: '• ' •* I I
WANTED— girl to help with general !
' housework In small family. ! 1815 Folsom st.
GIRL for general housework, San Mateo; wages
$20. 828 O'Farrell st, Monday. 2 to 5.
GIRL for housework and plain cooking in fam-
S ily of 3; wages $20. - 351 Pierce st
I ,
j WANTED— Young girl or woman to assist in
housework. Apply 24 Sixth st. |
GIRL for housework and cooking; wages $20.. |
1033 O'Farrell st. j
WANTED— Experienced salesladies. Apply at
HALE. BROS. 'between 8 and 11 a. m.
FIRST-CLASS finishers on coats wanted. S. j
N. WOOD & CO., 27 Geary st.
FIRST-CLASS finisher on custom coats, j
ROSENBLUM & ABRAHAM, 1103 Market St. !
YOUNG girl for light sewing; steady work. S.
ROSENTHAL & CO., 937 Market st.
Hairdressing thoroughly taught in 3 weeks; <
entire course, $5; manicuring, shampooing, '
j . scalp treatment, singeing, bleaching, dyeing: I
i electrical face massage system, Includes cup- ;
| , ping, rolling, steaming, etc.; everything fur- ;
! nished; positions positively guaranteed, 3 good
positions now open to those entering immedi-
ately; graduates earn $75 to $125 a month with
private customers. S. F. HAIRDRESSINU
COLLEGE. 233 Geary St.. rooms 13-15.
MACHINE operators at LEVI STRAUSS & i
CO.'S overall factory,. 32% Fremont st. good
wages; no experience necessary; steady work.
Apply MR. DAVIS.
j
j A PROMINENT wholesale firm offers a tem-
porary position .to 8 young women at $1 25
per day who can bring us proof that during
the last term. in the High School they have
received no less than 90 per cent in deport-
ment, 90 per cent in arithmetic, 95 per cent
¦ in writing. Address, giving full particulars
In own handrwriting, A. 8., box 2068. Call.
I .
j EXPERIENCED operators on fancy | and neg-
ligee shirts; also a few bright girls about 16
; years of age for Instruction; paid while learn-
I ing. Standard Shirt Factory, corner Gough
I and Grove sts. - „¦ .
GIRLS, learn hairdressing and all pertaining
>:\to the art; 3 weeks' course. $5; thorough In- j
structions by graduate of Prof. Paul Lascotte
I of N. V. ; day and eve. classes; visit our
. school before going elsewhere, 727 j Bush st.
I RELIABLE girls with references can secure
i good positions In private families at Boys'
Retreat Employment Bureau, 407 Eighth St.,
j ' Oakland; phone Black 2383.
WANTED— 2S ladies for concert hall in South-
ern I California. For particulars call at 906
Market st. room ¦ 17. second floor; hours, 2
to 4:30 p. m.
WELL- VERSED, I good-appearing woman as
commercial . . traveler ; permanent position.
Box 2007, Call office.
RESPECTABLE young girl to learn threading
en Swiss embroidery; German preferred; paid
while learning. FRIEDLANDER, 230 Sutter.
EXPERIENCED • operators on children's and
; infants' * wear 'to take - work home. 656 Mis-
: sion •¦ St., fourth , floor. .. . • • .
VEST operators; also finishers. Apply Mon-
day at factory of S. N. WOOD & CO., 27
. Geary, st. I ,' . . -. •;¦• ' .-. . ;':-..• •r- -*-:>v . ; ,r., r .
EXPERIENCED hands and apprentices .on
. men's neckwear. L. ¦ SAMTER & SON,. 518
, Market st. .',- -,"- "• "-..- '---..¦ - .'. -
EXPERIENCED hands . and • apprentices on
ladles' silk and : wool - waists; good pay;
. steady work. S. F. CO. MFG. CO., 523 Mkt.
WANTED— First-class ¦ waist, skirt and cloak
. , hands. Apply at 1200 ; Geary st.
WANTED— for - light work on fruit
'. 1731; Folsom '8t "/.. '•''"¦. : -
WANTED— Good ' finisher on coats." 26 Mont-
; gomery st., < rooms 1 and 2. . - ' ' . '.
GIRLS 'to ) learn j tucking; paid : . while learning.
: 656 1 Mission- st., fourth v floor. v <
GIRLS to sew on machine; also a few. to learn.
\. 656 ; Mission ; st., ; fourth , floor. ;
¦ EXPERIENCED operators on ladies' waists to
i work in ', factory. : . 656 , Mission st , 4th floor.
i WOMAN -to - travel ' for . wholesale house. : Box
I < 2069. Call office. r :_ ;
FIRST-CLASS : skirt hand and an errand girl
231 Post; St. .: ;. . ! . . . . . - ;
j WAIST hands and: paid apprentice girls. 2014
Sutter st. :y.- . . .'•.¦:¦»¦ ;•;;¦.. -.'. :. - .-¦ . - •..--.
NEAT ' girl ; for light i housework; 2 In - family.
>¦¦ 571 Waller St. •- \ ..¦'¦ .'.-'-¦ -. ! " .¦¦ . . . .¦ ;
A TAILORESS. dressmaker and improver
>o wanted. 1024  Sutter st. / • 
FIRST-CLASS waist finishers; also waist trim-
I ; mer. COX, 1514 Pine st. : .. : '
j WANTED— GirI for general -" housework • in
i ; small -. family. :: 898 : Fourteenth , st. j y - • j
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
1- ; : ' subscriptions has ' been * established at 1098
I Valencia ' st. >'•- , -
HjEJLP_JIVANjrEJDk~MALE.
MURRAY & READY Phone Main 5848
. Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
.........Office Open 7 a. m. Monday
Carriage trimmer, country shop $3 a day
Harness-maker, ranch .......$4O and found
Machine hand, country planing mi 11 ..53 a day
Machine blacksmith, city; slack cooper: 5 car-
- penters for a large sawmill com pan $50 &fd
10 two-horse teamsters, country $2 a day
10 four-horse teamsters, country — $2 25 a day
15 muckers for a mine $55 and found
10 laborers, near city $60
25 laborers, city and country.. sl 75 to $2 50 day
Buggy washer, near city $50
Stableman, ¦ country stable, north.... $30 & fd
3 stablemen, different places
Italian vegetable gardener $40
5 plow teamsters, same ranch.. s3o and found
Dairy man, $35 and found; 15 farm hands,
$26 and $30; 3 chore men and boys
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Cook, near city $40 and found
Arm waiter, country $40 and found; 5 wait-
ers. $25 and $30; third waiters, $20 and found;
• 6 cooks, different places; 2 men, some experi-
ence In butcher business. $52; dishwashers,
porters and kitchen hands.
•- MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay St.
AT W. D. EWER & CO.'S, 610 Clay 5t.....
Glgger for woolen mill, country $9 a week
2 ranch teamsters. Santa Clara $26
2 machine lathe hands, city
Driver for milk wagon $30
Pump man for ranch $1 25 a day
Foreman for box factory, city...:
Basalt block makers, piece or day work
Quarrymen to make basalt blocks
Buggy washer, livery stable $60
Stenographer, typewriter and office work....
; $40 and found
Man to cook enchilados and wait $40
Laborers for ditch work $2 29 a day
Drillers for ditch work $2 50 a day
4-horse Fresno scraper teamsters.. s2 25 a day
2- horse . scraper teamsters $3 a day
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S 104 Geary st
.Railroad Work... Free Fare
....'.». FOR CHATSWORTH PARK
60 header and cornermen $2 50 a day
60 drillers $2 25 a day
60 muckers $3 a day
FOR UKIAH
50 teamsters $2 a day
50 laborers $2 a day
FOR COMPANY WORK
10 laborers, rock, crusher $IKS a day
Free Fare Ship Dally.. ..Free Fare....
6 rough carpenters $3 a day
Railroad Work Free Fare........
C. R. HANSEN & C 0..... lOi Geary st
METALLURGIST as superintendent of smelt-
er, $300; driver for milk wagon, $30 and
found; teamster for city. $35 and found;
farmers. $25; milker, $30; choreman. $10; boy
for drug store. $15 month and increase; 6
laborers for mill. $50 to $60; 10 wood chop-
pers, $1 25 cord; cabinet maker. $3 day; team-
sters. $2 23 day; cooks, waiters, porters, dish-
washers, etc.; 3 carpenters, $50 and board,
and others .-.,..
J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 628 Sacramento St.
ANDRE'S Office, 316 Stockton St.
. First and second washer -for country laundry,
. $40 and $30; man and wife . for resort, $40;
waiter, city, $40; 2 waiters, country hotel,
$30; second butler, $30. etc.
WANTED— Elderly business man; wages $10
and found. Apply ANDRE CO.. 316 Stockton.
A— HOTEL GAZETTE. 26 Montgomery, r. 12.
2 waiters, country hotel, $30.
WANTED— Steady, reliable man with $75 for a
plain everyday business; will pay $60 to $65
a month; experience not required; place per-
manent. Apply at 765 Market St., room 3.
WANTED— A steady, reliable young man with
some cash; no experience required; $15 week;
steady, place. 1221 ¦¦ Market, room 1, upstairs.
TAILOR wanted on custom coats; steady work;
good pay. 533 Natoma st.
NEAT boy wanted by merchant tailor. Apply
108 Powell st.
WANTED— Boy to set type. Address box 1399,
Call office. ,
PORTER wanted; steady and sober man. Ap-
ply at 1047 Market st., between 9 and 10 a. m.
WAITER wanted at 444 Brannan st.
BARBER; steady Job. A, V. DO AN, 502 Turk
street. -
DISHWASHER wanted at restaurant; call
early. 108 Hayes st. 1
WANTED— Dishwasher and waiter. 1502 Ken-
. tucky st. . ¦
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
.price. 563 Mission st, bet. Ist and 2d sts.
WANTED — Recruits for the . marine corps, U.
S. navy; able-bodied, unmarried men of good
character, between the ages of 21 and 35; not
\ less than 5 feet 4 Inches and not over 6 feet 1
inch; able to speak and read English. For
further information - apply at the Recruiting
Office, 40 Ellis st. San Francisco. .
1000 MEN, wanted ßock drillers, tunnel, brush
and shovel men to work on ditch- Un« being
constructed for the Sweepstake Mining Co.,
near Weavervllle. Trinity Co., Cal.; apply on
¦ work; steady work, good board and best
wages In State. San Francisco Construction i
Co., 26 Montgomery st, room 25, San Fran-
cisco, Cal.
EXPERIENCED salesman for department
store; good on show windows; give age, ex-
perience, j references, salary. Address A. H.,
box 1715. Call office. .
1 AN Al solicitor wanted for city and vicinity;
must give pood references; profitable and per-
manent work for good man. 310 Safe Deposit
building.
j MEN to learn barber trade; only eight weeks
! required; tools donated: positions guaranteed; '
| catalogue free. MOLER BARBER COL-
LEGE, 625 Clay st.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin, Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third st; 150 large
rooms: 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
1 COAT, vest and pants makers wanted; apply
1 a. m.. Stevenson-st. entrance. CHARLES
LYONS. London Tailor. 721 Market st.
: WANTED— to solicit for portraits; good
inducements. Royal Portrait Co.. .143 Sev-
enth st.
BOY. 17 years, good opportunity for one anxious
to advance. Carsen Glove Co., 35 Market st.
\ WANTED — 6 boys for general work at Califor-
nia Barrel Factory, cor. 22d and Illinois sts.
WANTED— A good pressman, steady Job. at
RAPHAEL'S.
WANTED — A bushelman; ' steady position to
right man. RAPHAEL'S.
FIRST-CLASS basters on coats. Apply Men-
day at factory of S. N. WOOD. 27 Geary st.
BARBER shop $100; transient trade; good
place for hustler. STULTZ, 723 Market st.
COATMAKER wanted to work In store; steady
work. 3056 Twenty-fourth st.
WANTED— Cash boys. Apply at Hale Bros.
WANTED— man with some experience to
do mechanical work. Address box 1746, CalL
GOOD ladles' tailor; steady work. J. Mc-
FLENEGAN, 532 Fourteenth St.. Oakland.
j WANTED— Boys from 16 to 20 to learn to
operate sewing machines at GREENEBAUM,
WEIL & MICHELS, 631 Mission st.
WANTED — A middle-aged man to run electric
elevator; wages $30 per month; references.
Address -box 1837, Call office.
WANTED— Cook at Manhattan House. 826 Bat-
tery st. "
BARBERS, attention— shop for sale
cheap. Twenty-first and Mission sts.
BARBER— Good 2-chair shop doing $40 week
cheap to-day. DECKELMAN BROS.. 106 Ellis.
RULER wanted. Apply to 204 Pine st
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 25c
to 50c. • 563 Mission st, bet. Ist and 2d s'ts.
WANTED — Machinist and ironmolders. SOS
' Mission st'
YOUNG men to learn barber trade; catalogue
mailed; S. F. Barber College. 741 A Howard.
ABLE solicitors can earn $100 per week on our
propositions. A. E. Co.. 1413 Call building.
SAILORS, ordinary, for ships for all parts of
¦ the world. HERMAN'S. 28 Steuart st
MCDONALD & PERRY have 500 pairs second-
hand shoes for sale; 50c up. - 241 Third st.
PENSION atty., E. A. Bullis. r. 40 Phelan
big. Past com. Geo. H. Thomas Post.' G. A. R.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third st. near Mar
ket— rooms. 25c night; reading "rooms • free
'bus and baggage to and from ferry. '
, CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at, Call branch office. 2200 FUlmore it*
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at Vm
Valencia »t.
. , ; HOUSES TO LET\
A— PRINTED list houses to let: send tnr »«^
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery:
DOWNTOWN residence - suitable for lodjrimT
. house or boarding-house purposes ; carets
and some . furniture. For - particular* =,"^i«
MADISON & , BURKE. Particulars apply
C ? E , AP £ ST and b e« in AmerlcairhTweeki;
Call. 16 States sent to any addre-a in th-
United States or Canada one yea V for SL
postage paid. * lor •*•
: HOUSES To LET— FUHXISHED.
TO Let-House of 8 elegantly furnished rooms
as a whole or In part. : 331 Hayes st
'-•' HOUSES WASTED.
f W ANTED— Good basement for ' laundry * with
A « V^« S « neWS for 6 C «"«-The Weekly Call.
16 pases, in wrapper for mailing. $1 per year!
HORSES ASD WAOO.IS. )
DO not fall to attend the special auction sal*
Wednesday November 20, at 11 a. m,, at th«
Arcade Horse Market. 327 Slxtb st JOHN
J. DOYLE. Auctioneer.
TWO carloads fine team horses Just In; gentl«
broke and adapted to delivery wagons: excel*
lent opportunity to buy reasonable; $60 to $tW .
the team. JOHN H. HALTON. 1732 Market.
ONE second-hand undertaker's wagon, one !>•
horse truck, one 12- passenger carriage. CAR*
VILL MFG-. CO., 43 Eighth st. ' ' . _¦
FOR Sale— By J. E. FINCH at Eclipse Stable,
1375 Eddy St.. a fine lot of carriage, road aa<l
. business horses. •
FOR sale— Very stylish, gentle and sound
young horse. Call 8 Golden Gate aye.
WANTED—Second-hand milk or light deliver*
wagon. H. G. THOMPSON, 603 California st,
VERY stylish bay carriage team; seventeen
hands; sound, gentle. E. S-. 721 Howard at.
A BARGAIN in good carriage, saddle, business
and road horses. DALZIEL. 805 Q. G. aye.
CHEAP— pane! body delivery, 1 laundry, 1
baker's, 1 shoe. 1 grocery wagon. 823 Harrison. ;
ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, harness.
etc.. cheap. EGAN & SON. 2117 -Mission st.
AN A No. 1 express wagon, single: also light
camping wagon for sale, cheap. 532 Mission.
LOST AND FOI.«D. #
LADIES' brooch, pearls and diamonds, at
Golden Gate Park or on McAllister-st. car. "1
Reward 594 McAllister st. 1 J
Solitaire screw earring. Return to
Lick House and receive reward. '
LOST — One red covered memorandum book.
railroad timetable In front part of hook; ad-
dresses of several people following; reward $3.
Send by Wells-Fargo to F. P. BELL. Tracy.
San Joaquin County.
LOST— A pass-book with the Hibernia Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco, in the-
name of ELLEN BR ANNAN No. 223-553. Th»
finder will please return to bank.
LOST— Sunday, a checker board locket, 9 dia-
1 monds. Kelly & Brennan. 929 Market; reward
IT will pay to "Remember" that the Califor-
nia Watch Case Co.. 220 Sutter st. needs old
gold and silver to make new watch eases. ' • :
MATTRESSES AND PILLOWS.
TO order, also cleaned and sterilized, uphol-
stery; Al carpet cleaning; honest work guar-
anteed. HOPKE BROS.. 411 to 415 Powell it;
teL Buah 421. '
, MATRIMONIAL.
MARRIAGE bureau: estab. 1887; reliable and
confidential: list 10c. Mrs. Hertz. 708 mils st
MEDICAL.
DR. O'DONNEU.— AII who are sick and in
trouble call and consult the- specialist. My
medicines have been used tor many years by
thousands; the unfortunate helped; relief in alt
cases taken; the most obstinate cases have*
been relieved by my medical treatment; free *
confidential advice on all subjects of a deli-
cate nature; all classes of female complaint*
treated; relief to the longest cases. DR. G.
W. O'DON'NELL. 1013 Market St.. opp. Fifth." 1
— Dr. and Mrs. Sweet is a graduate of the> '
Royal University of Berlin; has had 23 years'
experience in midwifery cases; has opened
strictly private sanitarium at her own resi-
dence, 606 Guerrero, nr. ISth: takes ladles be-
fore and during confinement, with best of
motherly care; terms reasonable; infanta
adopted; every case guaranteed to be restored
to best of health; advice free; phone Blue 411.
MRS. D. WYETH and MRS. KOHL, reliable
ladles' specialists for female complaints; In-
stant relief guaranteed; 30 years' experience;
private home before and during confinement.
410 O'Farrell st, near Taylor; hours 9 to S.
HINDOOHERB and MRS. DA VIES* original
method of treatment; maternity home: horns
in confinement 1128 Market st. S. F.
MRS. D. ALLEN, 111S Market— Reliable ladles'
specialist; a private home before and durin*
confinement; best medical care; low fees.
HINDOO HERB and MRS. DA VIES' original
method of treatment: maternity home; home
in confinement. 1126 Market st. S. F.
DR. and MRS. GOODWIN, expert specialist*,
well known and reliable; 25 years' practice la
8. F. ; maternity home; fee low. 906 Market.
DR. NG TOY KEE. 210 Stockton st, opposite)
Union square; all diseases cured by herbs.
CHEAPEST and best In America— Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address In th»
United States or Canada one y»ar for $1.
MIXES AXD^MIXIXG.
A GOOD chance— Private party will sell for
cash 1000 shares Montezuma dividend-paying
copper stock, in parts or in whole, at 20c per
share. Box 1826, Call office.
WANTED— Mining locations where dry washer
can be successfully used. Send full particu-
lars to C. F. MOORE, 335 Market St., mi. i.
' '- -' < t m
MISCELLANEOUS FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery. Mo-
INTOSH & VVOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont st
BARS, . back bars, ml rrora. restaurant and po-
ker tables, barroom chairs, linoleum, new and
. second hand ; we always have a large stock of
saloon outfits on hand; 32 complete outfits on
one floor, ready made; we can ship everything .
in 24 hours. J. NOONAN, 1017. 1019, 1021, 1021
Mission st., above Sixth; write for catalogue.
LOT machine shop tools, lathes, planers, shap-
ers. etc. ; also wood-working tools, such aa
hand saws, wood planers, shapers, stickers.
mortlsers. saws. etc. J. B. JARDINE. 231
Fremont st.
A NEW system of buying diamonds, watches,
sealskins, trunks, valises, etc.. is being in-
augurated at the Portland Loan Office. 23
Stockton st. All you need is a very small
deposit
A — BUYS, sells or rents gear, machinery, en-
gines boilers, water pipes, shafting, pulleys.
etc. WHITELAW. 253-253 Spear at
A NO. 1 large fresh Durham cow; third calf;
' milks between 20 and 24 quarts dally; gentle.
S3 Shotwell st. '
SEALSKIN of the finest quality made; bust 39
and 24 long; cost $250; will sell for $120 or
trade for diamond. Address box 2067. Call.
PAIR solitaire diamond earrings, horseshoe
diamond pin and diamond ring; must sell;
' cheap. M.. box 2063, Call office..
FIRST-CLASS second-hand modern boilers and
engines bought and sold. KROGH Mfg. Co.,
9 Stevenson st.
A— s3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats, $1 75. Popu-
lar Price Hatters. 330 Kearny st. near Pine.
FINE suits. $10; dress pants, $2 73. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery st
A— 2s H. P. DISTILLATE engine: never used;'
very fine machine. Box 2016, Call office.
GASOLINE engines— 2s hp.. 6 hp. Otto; 3 hp.
Hercules. NEWELL BROS., 56 Bluxome st.
NEW White sewing machine; drop head; 3
1 drawers; oak; complete; cheap. 1323 Howard.
NEW 18-foot sailboat, suitable for hunting pur-
poses; 6- foot beam. 1207 Market st.
ENGLISH pug puppies for sale; $5. $10. 363
Mission st. .
Ladies' and gent* cast-oft clothing bought and
sold. J. Sllverman. 934 Folsom; tl. Folsm 1191.
PUG puppies for sale. 515 Ivy aye., off Oc-
tavla st, bet Hayes and Grove.
WE buy and sell nothing but second-hand car-
pets. P. GREENWALT & CO.. 708 Valencia.
NEW Singer sewing machine: 5 drawers; oak:
complete; cheap. 1915 Mission, near Fifteenth.
JEWELRY for sale; diamonds, precious stone*,
bought. T. Fershtand. 128 Kearny St.. rm. 29.
CHEAP — hp. gasoline engine, steam pump. I
saw arbor, all kinds tools. 546 Mission st.
BOATS, launches, rowboats carried in stock.
BAKER & HAMILTON.
2D-HAND pipe 4. 3. 2. l. % In.: half price of
new. H. S. WHITE. 516 Mission st
CASH. register (Hall wood): brand new; reduc- *
, tlon of $55. H. F. ALLEN, 202 California st.
BAR outfits, showcases; all lengths and slzes^-
JACOB SCHWERDT. 821 Mission st.
BIG prices paid for sealskins, full dress & Tux-
edo suits. Portland Loan Office. 23 Stockton.
MAGIC lanterns, new ami Sd-hand moving pic-
tures. BULLARP & BRECK. 131 Post st
GASOLINE engines, all sizes, new and 2d-hand.
and launches. J. E. DOAK. 511 Mission st.
SAFES— New and second hand. THE HER-
MAN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st
ENGINES and boilers; second-hand-machinery.
J. BURKE. 139 Beale st.
FAIRBANKS' 10- ton hay ;.leweler's steel-
lined safe, perfect order. 216 California st.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for *1.
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS. .
"WANTED — second-hand standard drilling
outfit; must be reasonable and within this
State. Box 12. Pioneer P. P.. Kern Co.. Cal.
WILL pay cash and good prices for old seal-
skins. Box 1205. Call office. .__
HIGHEST price paid cast-off clothing. Jewelry;
send postal. J. COHN. 229 Montgomery aye.
WANTED—Second-hand upright piano for
i cash. H. L. WHITEHEAD. 1706 Market st i
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and I *-*
theatrical goods. 154 9th St : tel. Folsom 2522.
MONEY WANTED. ' . ¦
WANTED— To borrow $750 at 1 per cent; divi-
dend paying stock; absolute security. Box
I 2064, Call office. ,y? HOXGT TO LOAM.
¦eRMAN . :xXn^eT"bu7idinV
T. 54.C00.000 at lowest rates .[
Loans made.. !!!!!!
On first and second mortgages...!!!!*
• ¦ Life interests in estates !!
¦ Undivided interests, iv real estate
Property being held In trust.. ..ll!l"l
Life policies. Estates in probate
If you need money..
taf HERMAN MUEPHY. 603 Examiner bide*.
A-MANH - LOAN COMPANY '
J300.000 at € per cent in sums to lit. City and
Oakland, town and country property; eecond
mortgages, life insurance & securities. Loans
en unsettled estates, undivided interests in
real estate and legacies. We will purchase
any of £bove securities. Tel. Red 5024 MAN-
UATTAN LOAN CO.. th floor, Crocker bldg.
ANY AMOUNT AT 6 PER CENT. ""
Firet. second and third mortgages
Undivided interest in real estate in probate
Mortgages and legacies bought; no delay
Get my terms before doing business elsewhere*
R. McCOLGAN '
24 Montgomery Et.. room !..!.!!!!!."
THE Portland Loan Office, 25 v Stockton st
r.hone Bush 454, has a new idea in money
lending; phone us or send word and we will
call: money lest en diamonds, watches, 6ea!-
fkics, etc.. also pianos and furniture, with-
out removal at low rates, or call on us* con-
fidential. •
ANY preposition, any amount: 6 per cent; first,
second and third mortgages, estates in pro-
bate. Interest in estates, legacies, undivided
interests, securities, manufacturing and mer-
cantile Interests, corporation loans. Room 16
Ist floor. Chronicle big. GEORGE B. OLSEN.
J* RELIABLE corporation established In 1565;
-^ ;roper place to borrow money on diamonds,
to borrom- money on diamonds,
#;< welry, pianos and sealskins. Columbia
* Ijcan Offlce. 9 Grant aye., near Market st. ;
tel. Black 647 L
ANY amount, lowest rates -on Ist & 2nd mort-
gages, estates, legacies, undivided interests,
chattel mt£s., etc. ; enterprises of merit also
eought. D. J. Halloran. 206 Kearny. room 314.
ANY proposition; any amount; lowest rates on
mortgages, estates, legacies, undivided inter-
ests, chattel mortgages, etc. ; enterprises of mer-
it also sought. D. J. HALLOP.AN. 206 Kearny.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
libers.l advances en diamonds, jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store, 646 Market
ct.; tel. Main 1644. Branch 19 Third st.
MUNICIPAL Loan Office, 103 Grant aye., near
Geary ex.; phone R«?d 1603. 
A MILLION at 4 per cent; smaller amounts at
6; city or farm property; long time; state
amount desired and location of property. P.
_O. bcx SOTS.
LOANS on pianos, furniture, no removal, libra-
ries, goods in warehouse, etc. ;any amount ;iow-
e«t rates; private. Ormsby. 26 Montgomery st.
$508,000 AT C per cent in sums to suit in city:
$150,000 on large ranches .at fair rates: second
mortgages. R. J. MERCER & SON. 412 Pine.
OX real estate. Ist or 2nd mortgages, on furni-
ture or pianos without removal; any amount;
lowest rates. Becker & Co., 26 Montgomery.
CASH loaned to salaried people en note with-
out indor«ser or on mortgages at 6 per cent per
annum. MOP.RELL. 609 Examiner building.
LOWEST rates on furniture, etc.. by private
party; no removal; no commission; confiden-
j'.al. Room S. Conservatory bldg.. 301 Jones.
"v.v furniture, pienos and other collaterals,
lowest lee: quick; by private party. 850
Market st.. room 10.
OX furniture, pianos; no removal; money
qu;ck; lowest interest; easy terms; no broker-
ape; reliable party. 1170 Market St.. room 68.
Z'yc en lurn-.ture and pianos; Jl5 up; no removal;
no commission; private. Room SI, 6 Eddy et.
t'-^c OX real estate: mcrtsrsged property ex-
changed Tor clear. LEVITZKY. 314 Montgom.
Lowest rates, furniture, pianos; no removal; no
ecmmls. : confidential: Whitehead, 1710 Market.
OX furniture, pianos: lowest rate; no removal;
strictly private. LICK. 116 McAllister st.
ONE per cent on furniture; $5 a month on each
SiCOO: any security. SC2 Montgomery 6t.. r. 1.
IF you v.int a home I will loan you money to
buy it. A. E. RfDELL. '222 Sansome St.
OX SALARIES without indorser; other propo-
sitions. S. F. Discount Agency. 143 Phelan big.
THE TOI'SLEY Company: loans and dis-
counts. S2l Parrott building.
LOANS money on salary; no indorser; Eastern
plan. Western Loan Co.. 509 F'hf-lan b'.dg.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
A BIG removal sale; all cur second-hand and
slightly used pianos will be sold below cost,
comprising the following bargains:
4 Steinways from 135 to $465
5 Hallet & Davis from 95 to 483
 « Chiekerings from 85 to 335
* 3 Mason & Hamlln from 363 to 495 ;
5 Webers from 90 to 265 I
2 Behr Bros from 239 to 355
2 Pommere from 166 to 235
7 Schaffer from 99 to 185
2 Voee from 85 to 165
3 Fisher from 65 to 213
7 Schiller from 135 to 2SO
2 Jewetts from 193 to 255
3 Sherwood from 135 to 218
HEINE PIANO CO., 217 Geary st.
AGAIN we remind you that our piano stock,
both new arid second hand, is the largest
west cf Chicago and includes the most re-
liable makers to choose from. New pianos
*eld upon easy payments of $6 per month;
feme good pianos for S3. $4 and {5 per month.
SHERMAN, CLAY & CO.. Steinv.ay dealers.
corner Kearny and Sutter ets.. San Fran-
cisco; corner Broadway and Thirteenth st.,
Oakland.
ASK us to give you a piano if you want to, and
we will corr.e very near doing it; we are Bell-
Ing so low that it is almost like giving pianos
away; come and let us talk piano to you and
you'll not be sorry: we are agents for Decker
6 Son, Wissner and Baumeieter, all good and
cheap at the price. THE ZEXO MAUVAIS
MUSIC CO.. 769 Market st. .
ALL highest grades sold by the Heine Piano
Co., cole agents most famous and oldest
American makes; easy payments: big allow-
ance for second-hand pianos; rents 12 up al-
lowed; bargains, $25 up; Stein ways, $185;
Chiekerings, JISS; SO ethers; agents wanted.
£17 Geary et.
ATTENTION. BARGAIN HUNTERS—
Second-hand upright pianos from $55 up.
Second-hand equare pianos from $54 up.
Second-hand organs from $25 up; new up-
right pianos from $175 up. BENJ. CURTAZ
V* EON. 16 to 20 O'Farrell. Chickerlng, Mason
and Han-.lin. Vose. Sterling pianos.
ANY piano sold by us taken back any time
within 2 years and full purchase price al-
lowed en a new peerless Knabe at regular
price; costs you only 20c a day to buy a
piar.o from us. KOHLER & CHASE. SO
O'FarreU ft.; established ISSO-
WHOLESALE and retail piano dealers.
THE WILEY B. ALLEN CO
233 Market (after Jan. 1, 921-833 Market).
A SMALL Weber upright, $125; elegant walnut
case Knsbe upright, almost new; also Steck.
oak case; Harfiman square. $45; organs $25
Cp. BOWERS & SON. 23 Fifth St.. IVERS
& POND and A. B. CAMERON, Agents.
A tOT of unredeemed pianos will be sold for
storage this week; dirt cheap. WILSON'S
Storage. 1710 Market st.
FOR «aJ*— Fine toned S. A. harp: first-class
condition. S. E.. box 1756. Call office. 5
Sacrifice; beautiful new upright piano; $200 less
than cost; leaving city. 218 Leavsnworth st.
$25— HERTZ piano; good for practice; Schaffer
upright, nearly n«w. $39. 211 Geary st.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
Mt'LLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
6OHMER. Byron Mauzy. Lester Hamilton,
Epielmann pianos. SOS Post ft.
GOOD second-hand upright for eale cheap.
BCHMITZ, 16 McAllister Et.
ELEGANT piano as pood a> new; standard
make; a sacrifice. Hornung's. 216 McAllister.
AT KEEFFE'6. 22 Turk Ft., near Market—
ghoninger. Schubert and Steinway bargains.
.ELEGANT new upright pianos for rent, $3 per
SCOTT-CURTAZ Piano Co.. 660 Hayes.
OFFICES AAD STORES TO LEtT"
PACIFIC, 328— Handsome, large store cheap;
also SO4 ¦ some; rent only $10.
OIL.
OIL tacks, second-hand. In pood order; all
rizeg; cheap. H. S. WHITE. 61« Mission at.
PAIXTERS AXD DECORATOnS.
ROOM papered from $3 up; whitening done.
Hartrnan Paint Co., 319 3d.; tel. Red 3521.
PALMISTRY.
H. JEROME FO entific palmist, SIS
Taylor et., bet. Geary and Post; teL Black 661.
NEERGAARD. president St. Germain College, |
rads from 1 to S. 700 Post; phone Hyde 2935
1-.VIS AM) I'EASIOXS.
PENSION advice free; general practitioner.
OCO. P. CAMPBELL, lawyer. Examiner bldg.
PERSONALS.
ARPvIVED— The greatest living authority on
leminlne beauty. Dr. N. de .-avo> sky of Paris,
dermatologist to the Empress of Austria, has
consented to meet the ladies at La Verite !
parlors during his stay in the city; he teaches
r-ovr to preserve or acquire health. youtit and ;
Jjtuuty; his treatment of deep wrinkles sur-
Hf asses anything done In this country; moles,
&.A tkin blemishes and superfluous Jialr perma-
nently removed without pain or scan by mod-
ern European methods; consultation free, 3
to Sv. m. La Verite Parlors, 1140 Market Bt..
opposite Hale'a,
s ?fAtlS — Continued.
F 'tJL- 0 } 1 ' *£» wedlsh and Russian massage.
treated scientifically; recommended by the
leading physicians in the city
, 13 ? t G 2 ar i" 6l - room 61. Office hours-10,
Hide 2111 Phone Bush **: residence phone,
Special attention given to Patients at their
homes. Facial and scalp specialty.
INDIAN baskets, Indian relics, carloe and an-
tiques bought. NAT RAPHAEL, 118 Geary
«.. largest curio store in America; visitors
welcome; Indian baskets from $1 upward.
AN elegant line of remnants for suits to or-
oer, $15; with these suits we make an extra
pair of pants free of charge; other suits on In-
stallments. $1 weekly. L. LEMOS, Ul7 Mar-
ket Bt., between freVenth and Eighth.
A — HAIR, birthmarks, moles removed forever,
painless and without scar, with electricity, by
MISS GRUBEH, the cosmetic artist. 354*
_ Eighteenth St.. cor. Guerrero; tel. Blue 1361.
POSITIVE cure— Save your friend; MOoser Co.
Gold Cure for Drunkenness; we have testi-
monials; direction to give secretly; prico $5.
Address 1125 Geary St., 8. P.
"BUSINESS Men's Legal Bureau." consulta-
?•on free: in bankruptcy and divorce proceed-
ings parties not required to go into court.
Room 611. Examiner bldg.; phone Black 3604.
I MRS. ERIGGS, dermatologist— Superfluous hair,
melts, other facial blemishes permanently re-
moved without pain or scars by the latest
electric appliances. 968 Sutter; tel. Larkin 3171.
ONE BOTTLE of Pinus will cure any case of
rheumatism, sciatica, neuralgia or gout; price
52 50 per bottle. For circulars, Pimm Med.
Co., 724 Valencia st. S. F.; tel. Church -1571.
ELECTRIC light in every room— Winchester
Hotel. 44 Third Et., near Market; 700 rooms;
25c to $1 50 per night; $1 60 to $6 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
WHY Guess? You can be certain of style and
fit by using Standard Patterns; Nov. patterns
and The Designer now ready. J. W. EVANS,
Domestic office, 1021 Market St.. near Sixth.
j FACE massage, complexion beautifying; latest
'< Continental methods; electric roleau; superflu-
1 ous hair removed by electrolysis. Mme. Zephey
Kla-ora. parlors 330 Sutter; phone Black 1322.
' A BLUE-EYED boy and a black-eyed girl in-
j fant for adoption. MRS. DR. FUNKE, 1416
I Eighth Et., Alameda.
1 ARTISTIC hairdressing 25c; manicuring 25c;
I shampooing 50c; hair dyeing, wigs, switches
I and front pieces. G. LEDERER. 123 Stockton.
AT cash prices; ladies' tailor-made suits, coats,
ellk waists, trimmed hats, skirts, etc. weekly
payments. C. F. ADAMS CO.. 156 Fifth st.
! ADELINA PATTI'S Beauty Cream. Secret of
; continual youth- EOc. postpaid; free demon-
stration; come and see us. Bon-Ton, 324 Post..
; .
WHITE enamel iron beds, single, three-quarter
or double. $2 25. EASTERN OUTFITTING
CO.. 1310-1312 Stockton Bt.. near Lroadway.
GO TO THE GREAT BOOK AUCTION
TO-NIGHT AT 7:30
1049 Market et_. opp. McAllister st.
1 SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles destroyed with
electric needle. MISS EATOK, 1119 Sutter st.
! A — IF your hair is faling or you are bald, call on
Dr. G.S.Moore. 532 O'Farrell; send for circular.
, A— VIDA Company permanently cures stomach
trouble. 736 Valencia Et. bet. 18th and 19th.
I Electricity is life— Mme. Zella. late of N. Y.
City, gives magnetic & elec. mas'ge. 1020 Mkt.
LADIES' and gents' cast-off clothing bought and
sold. J. Sllverman, 9K4 Folsom: tel. Folsom 1391.
DR. LAMOTTE'S FRENCH CORN PAINT, the
best corn cure; 25c; all druggists.
STOP that California Lung Balsam
will do it: all druggists; phone Pine 2386.
ALFREDUMS Egyptian Henna; restores gray
hair to its natural color; $1: at all druggists.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wigs:
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO., Markt.
500 MEN wanted to order suits for $1 per week.
NEUHAUS & CO.. tailors. 115 Kearny st.
TAILOR-MADE FUits, $7 60; dress pants. $2 50.
Misfit Clothing- Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
j OLD gold, silver, diamonds and- precious stones
bought. J. R. JENKEL. £17 Market st.
PRIVATE detective work; reasonable rates; 30
years' experience. J. B. RAY, 457 Minna st.
PHYSICIANS AND SURGEONS. •
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL— OffIce and residence,
1021*4 Market St.. between Sixth and Seventh.
! DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor, successfully
treats all diseases of the human body: see
testimonials at office, 115-117 Mason, nr. Ellis.
I DR. WONG WOO. herb doctor; sanitarium,
764-766 Clay st.: see testimonials at office.
PLACING AND TURNING MILLS.
I WOOD and Ivory Turning. Planing, Shaping
| and Sawing. CARL F. HAAS. 95 Fremont st.
REAL ESTATE CITY FOR SALE, j
WANTED To purchase a desirable residence,
with modern Improvements; must have 4 bed-
rooms; to cost under $8000; possession to be
given before January 1; location. Western
Addition; an immediate buyer. W. J. GUNK,
539 California st.
: WANTED— To purchase lots this side of Twen-
ty-sixth St., between Church and Mission, If
offered cheap. W. J. GUNN. 530 California.
I A CORNER lot wanted, either on. Vallejo,
Green. Union. Filbert, Greenwich or Lom-
bard, from Van Ness aye. to the Preslciio
reservation; large or small lot. W. J. GUNN,
530 California st.
I ONLY $4000: 2 flats. $20 each; lot 31:6x108; West-
ern Addition; marine view; forced sale; to be
sold immediately. W. J. GUNN. £30 Cali-
fornia st.
A LARGE sized lot in the Mission or a 50-
vara let in the Western Addition, suitable for
building houses on, wanted to purchase. W.
J. GUNN. 530 California st. - f
IF you have any lots to sell on the streets run-
ning from Vallejo north to Lombard, or on
the cross streets, between Van Ness aye. and
Baker, on the west, then call on W. J.
¦GUXN. 530 California, st.
: A CHEAP corner or inside lot wanted to pur-
i chase, between 14th and 24th sts.. Sanchez and
Mission. W. J. Gunn, 530 California st.
' $500 CASH, balance as rent; $16 monthly; "A
Home of Homes": new, elegant 6-room cot-
1 tage, porcelain bath and sink; wooden mantels
and tilings; the very latest; large brick foun-
dation; high plastered basement; 2 lots, 25x
140; absolutely the healthiest part of the
sunny Mission; built by the day's work for a
relative's home; disappointment causes sac-
rifice: owners at 1223 Cortland aye. Take Mis-
elon or Folsom st. cars to Cortland aye.
A VERY cheap lot on Fair Oaks st. between
25th and 26th sts.; 25 ft. front by 125 ft. deep;
lot level and ready to build on; street sew-
ered and macadamized; price $800
Fine lot for flats; north side Union bet.
Van Ness and Franklin; cars pass; street
work done* lot level. 25x117; only $1750; new
j flats on this lot would rent at once
THOS. MAGEE & SONS. 5 Montgomery st.
$1100— DO you ever intend to stop paying rent?
If you do this is a chance; almost new 4 room
cottage; bath; tank: closet; brick foundation;
high basement, with 1 to 4 nice lots; 1 block
j from Folsom st. cars and Cortland aye. ; $100
cash and $12 to $15 monthly. P. A. DOLAN,
1607 Market St., opposite Franklin.
FOR sale at a great bargain— s7ooo for a large
lot 75 feet front, with improvements, on Eddy
St., not far from the big rent paying flats
by JOHN PFORR, 403 Pine 6t.
$4400— A GREAT bargain; 22 lots In heart of
city; beautiful marine view; only $200 per lot.
THE PHELPS-LEWIS COMPANY.
395-3i»6 Parrott building.
$27,50»— 5250 MONTHLY Income; Al S-story j
Sixth Ft. 'business block; lot 75x90. N. D
BICKELS. the Land Agent. 6 Geary Ft.
¦ 1 — — — , j
NEW modern house 7 rooms, large basement
! and yard; sun all day. Cor.. Waller and Por-
tola §ts.. bet. Pierce and Stelner.
I BUSH, 1225— Nice large residence: could J>e
turned Into flats; very sunny; 30x137:6; call
and. see. - -
$2250— 6-ROOM 2-story house, bath, stable: lot
! 26x100. 1229 York st.
GOOD business property; stores and flats; 30
rooms ; cheap. Owner, box 1761. Call office.
REAL ESTATE — COUNTRY For Sale
I A— SIOO,OOO— GRAND olive, fruit and stock
ranch; 1820 acres; all level; Irrigation; con-
venient to San Francisco; 13.000 bearing olive
trees. 12,000 bearing fruit trees; fine improve-
ments, tools and teams; big income proposi-
tion; cost $150,000 10 years ago; now worth
$200,000; part cash, part San Francisco realty.
Owner, 2740 Pine St., San Francisco.
FOR EALE NEAR SAN FRANCISCO
Small tracts, $60 to $90 per acre, on Rancho
Cotatt. Sonoma Co. future value assured, as
- Ban Francisco Is growing rapidly; location
beet for poultry and general farming. Apply
to The Cotati Co., 302 California «t., for pam-
phlets and information.
A RARE chance for home-seekers; land for
your labor; fine fruit, table and wine grape
land: for particulars call on C. QUIGGLE, at
the Whlttaker & Ray Co.. 723 Market St.. 9
to 12 a. m. Address WHITTAKER & RAY
CO.. Gait, Cai. - ¦ . .
1015 ACRES and 1650 acres, 25 miles from San
Francisco; 2 fine dairy or stock ranches. In-
quire at IGO7>£ Market St., rooms 2 and 3. .
10-ACRE fruit ranch, all In bearing. In Tehama
Co. W. a: GRANICHER, 100 Webster St.
IMPROVED foothill farm 204 acres; El
Dorado Co., near R. R. Box. 222, Call office.
POULTRY and dairy ranches for sale; write for
free list. C. R. WINFIELD. . Petaluma. CaL
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call, -16 - pages, sent to any -address Jn j the
' United States or Canada one year for $1,
postage paid.
THE SAJN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, NOVEMBER 18, 1901.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS,
ALAMEDA REAL E%TATE.
BARGAINS; improved 6c unimproved property
acquired by foreclosure ; % cash. Bank of Ala.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
JBERKELEY^ REAL. ESTATE. .
*3750— building in the Hlllegasß tract; a
thoroughly up-to-date house of 7 rooms; large
lot; street work all done; connected with gas
and electric lights; only 300 feet from Tele-
graph-aye. car line.
JOSEPH J. MASON.
. Adjoining P. P., Berkeley.
HERE'S a bargain; 2-story house of • 6
rooms: large lot street work all done only
1 block. from station; a great bargain. . _
JOSEPH J. MASON, =
" Adjoining: P. 0., Berkeley. .
NEAR D wight way station; east of
track; house of 8 rooms; large lot; on the
sunny side of street; a snap. . .
JOSEPH J. MASON.
Adjoining P. P.. Berkeley.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
'OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
I $2500— TEN-ROOM cottage, 2 baths, conserva-
] tory; in one of the choicest locations in Oak-
| land; 7 minutes' walk of local train; street
! work complete; open lawn, shade trees; near '
j High school. and churches; lot 37:6x125; this Is
a bargain and must be seen to be appre-
ciated; lot alone worth $1500; house insured
for $1600. . -. ¦ -
GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO.,
I 1008 Broadway, Oakland.
A MILLIONAIRE'S HOME.
Offered because he has gone East.
120,000— House 8 rooms and 2 baths; built
1900; every modern convenience; Ideal in
: every respect; must be seen to be appreciated;
lot 75x175; prominent corner; ICOI Grand st.,
N.E. corner San Jose aye.. in Alameda, near
; local train to S. F. ; electric cars pass prop-
i erty; key at office.
S. M. DODGE & SON.
1C0 Broadway, ' Oakland.
I HOUSES of every description and price for
! sale or rent. Ap?ly to W. E. BARNARD,
HIS Broadway; telephone Main 10.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
AN introduction to you from H. Schellhaas, the
furniture dealer. 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
ROOMS j FOR/HOUSEKEEPING.
A— ST. JAMES.. McAllister and Laguna— Sunny-
corner suite, all complete for housekeeping;
near school and park; a quiet and pleasant
home; rent reasonable; other sunny suites.
J AUSTIN aye., 102, off Polk, bet. Bush and Pine
: — Two nice housekeeping rooms. -
i DEVISADERO, 307—2 clean sunny rooms; light
housekeeping; reasonable; private family.
I EIGHTH, S4B, near Market— Large sunny
! alcove room, with or without kitchen; bath.
FIFTH, 3.".3— Furnished housekeeping; 3, $12; 3
! connecting. $14; 3 connecting, $20; 1, $5.
' HAIGHT. 609—3 furnished rooms and bath. Call
j mornings or evenings. ¦ "¦ •
i HYDE, Front parlor and 2 large rooms;
light housekeeping; unfurnished.
I 2 SUNNY rooms for housekeeping. Apply at
I 474 Jessie Bt., near Sixth. ¦. . •• '•
I MISSION, Front room and kitchen, fur-
I nished complete for housekeeping.
j MISSION, 911^—2 or 3 furnished housekeeping
rooms; also single or double parlors. --
MCALLISTER. . 2000. cor. Central aye.— sunny
room* furnished for housekeeping; 'sink;. $10.
MINNA, 2SI, corner Fourth — Furnished .house-
keeping complete; also sunny front double;
] excellent for 2 persons.
i SHIPLEY, 262, near Sixth— 3 ¦ sunny unfurn-
I ished rooms; rent $8 50.
i SIXTH, 123%— 1 large pleasant sunny room for
j housekeeping; reasonable; gas. .
J CLASP advertisements and subscriptions
I received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore st
. A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st. ' . ' „ ¦
BOOMS TO LET Fnrn. and tlfafurn,
ARGYLE Hotel, 234 McAllister— New~elegant7
sunny; grill attached; 75c per day and up-
ward; special rates by week or month; take
MoAUlster-st. cars from ferry to door. ..
I BRUNSWICK HOUSE, 148 Sixth— Rooms.
25c to $1 per night; $1 25 to $5 per week,- and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
: ALABAMA, 1006—2 furnished rooms, use of
{ kitchen. . -
j A SUNNY suite and singles, neat and clean;
bath, phone; prices low. 332 Stockton st. '
; BURNETT, 142« Market (old No. 1354)-Fur- j
! nished rms., suites, single; also unfurnished.
! CLIFFORD, 204 Ellis, corner Mason— Elegantly
j furnished sunny rooms; prices - reasonable.
i ..
• EDDY, 499. cor. Hyde— Furnished room; sunny, \
running water, new flat
, ELLIS, 740, near Larkln— Newly furnished
1 rooms, sunny, fen suite or single, with or
; without board; good home.
] ELLIS, 771— New, clean and homelike rooms;
: privilege of kitchen; 2 parlors; also single.
I FOLSOM, ?20— Furnished rooms to let. $1 per
i week. ¦ , • • ¦
, FOR Furnished room; gentleman pre- \
I erred; references. Apply 1621 Washington. j
i FRANCISCO HOTEL— suites; single: j
transient; baths. Mrs. King. Turk & Taylor. ;
i GEARY. 403, The Navarre— Elegantly furnished j
I suites and single; travelers accommodated.
GEARY. 1017, near Van Ness aye.— sunny j
furnished room; suitable for gentleman.
: HOTEL FLORENCE, 102 Ellis Sunny out- !
{ side rooms; single, $2; suite*, $3 56 per week; I
j newly renovated; elevator; baths.
I HOTEL ST. DENIS (European plan), 24 Turk
j Ft., near Market— Central location; new build-
: ing; elegantly furnished: strictly first-class; i
I EOc per day and upward; special rates by th> 1
week or month; best in the city; references; !
take Market-i-t. cable cars to Turk st. .
MINNA, 687, corner Bth— Newly furnished bay- ;
I window. room, $1 per week; transient.
I . . ; __
MINNA. 707— Light housekeeping rooms; also
single; reasonable. ¦• .'¦ /.•
NATOMA, 450— Front room suitable for one or
! ' two gentlemen. • , - • ;
: .—,. — , ,
; NEW ARLINGTON. 1015 Market— fur-
1 nlshed rooms; $2 a week up; 35c a day up.
O'FARRELL. 20— Sunny furnished rooms and I
j offices; elevator; elec. lights; day, week, mo. '
O'FARRELL, 332— Handsomely furnished sunny j
I parlor floor; references. / . . j
¦ ROYAL House, 126 Ellis— lncandescent light; i
i reading-room, smoking-room and ladies' par- j
lor; rooms, per night, 35c to $1 50; week. $2 to
$; months. $8 to $20; elevator on ground !
floor; rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
I ¦ ...
¦ SHERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth St.,
near Market— Furnished or unfurnished.
\ BUTTER. 320^4 (The Stanford)— Suites from $3
I to $7: singles, $2 to $5 per week; transient.
] TO Rent— Sunny unfurnished double parlor;
suitable for doctor's office or dressmaking
perlor. 34 Octavia St., corner Halght.
i TWO lower unfurn. connecting rms.. closets,
grates, garden. 1219 Filbert; % blk Hyde; $7.
FULTON, 894, cor. Flllmore— Sunny furnished
room, with hot and cold water; suitable for
gentleman. .
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and !
subscriptions has been established at 1098 Va- '
lencia et. --.•" .
ROOMS AND BOARD.
THE CECILERNE. 930 Van Ness aye. '
VAN NESS, 619— Handsome furnished parlors;
all conveniences; other sunny suites; / best
. table board. ... -, •
THE CORBIN, 836 Sutter— Rooms single and
en suite; private baths; all rooms sunny; ex-
cellent table. • - . <
HOTEL Repelier. 781 Sutter— furnished;
•excellent table; special rates to tourists. .
CALIFORNIA, SO7 (Stevenson mansion)—
family hotel : exceptional table; attractive rms.
HOTEL Las Palmas. 1820 Market— Suite 2 or 3
rooms., bath; board optional: single rooms.
ROOMS WANTED* ; *
WANTED— A room for 2 gentlemen with use
of yard near Market st. Box 1827. Call office.
_ RUPTURE SANITARIUM.
RUPTURE cured at HUNTER'S SANITA-
RIUM. 1206 Market St.; treatment free; only
Invention In the world that will not torture.
SPECIAL NOTICES. .< . . -
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery St.. rooms 9-10; tel. 5580.
CHEAPEST and best In America— Weekly
• Call. 16 pages," sent to "any; address* in the
. United States or Canada one year for : $1.
SEWING MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged; re-
palrlng; lowest rates. Tel. Black 1124, 205 4th.
ALL kinds bought, sod, rented, exchange; re-
palring; lowest rates; phoae Mint 45. 145 6th.
STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co.,
office Post and Powell sts.; tel. Main 6713.
GOLDEN WiSST Storage Warehouse, 840 Mis-
sion st; tel. Howard 941, F. W. ?EHFUSS.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2320 Fillmore st. ; phone Jackson 281.
1 BEKINS Van and Storage Co., 722 Mission St.;
tel. Main 1840; shipping at cut rates.
TYPEWRITERS AND SUPPLIES.
GREAT^BARGAINS IN TYPEWRITERS^Wa
sell better machines for less money' than any
hou«e in the city; rentals. .$3. The Typewriter
Exchange, 636 California; telephone Main 266.
WEBSTER Typewriter Inspection Co.— Expert
typewriter doctors :estlmate free. 209 Sansome.
PROPOSALS^
PROPOSALS for Quartermaster's Supplies,
Depot Quartermaster's Office, 36 New Mont-
gomery St., San Francisco, Cal., Nov. 18, 1901.
—Sealed proposals, in duplicate will be re-
ceived at this office until 11 o'clock a, m.,
Tut^day. December 3, 1901, Pacific Standard
Time, and then opened, for furnishing Pack-
ing Boxes, Lumber, Burlap, Excelsior and
Hoop Iron. Quantities to be subject to 20
per cent Increase if decided upon by this
Department. Bidders must state In their
proposals the rate and time of delivery should
contract be awarded to them. Preference
will be given to articles of domestic pro-
duction and manufacture, conditions of price
1 and quality being equal (including in the
1 price of foreign production and manufacture
the duty thereon), and such preference will
be given to articles of American production
and manufacture produced on the Pacific
Coast, to the extent of the consumption re-
quired by the public service there. The
United States reserves the right to accept or
reject any or all proposals or any part there-
of. Information and blanks for proposals
will be furnished on application. Envelopes
containing proposals will be indorsed "Pro-
posals No. 10,167," and addressed to MAJOR
C. P. MILLER, Quartermaster, U. S. Army,
Depot Quartermaster.
PROPOSALS for Subsistence Supplies.— Office
of Purchasing Commissary, San Francisco
Cal., October 30, 1901.— Sealed proposals for
lurnishini? and delivering of such quantities
of subsistence delivered at such
wharf or such warehouses in San Francisco
Cal., as per circular, to be seen at this office,'
will be received here until 11 o'clock a. m.,
Tuesday, November 19, 1901, and opened im-
mediately thereafter in presence of bidders.
Specifications, general instruction to bidders
and blank form of proposal will be furnished
to established dealers on application to W H
BALDWIN. Maicr and C. S., U. S. Army!
Purchasing Commissary.
SEALED proposals in duplicate will be re-
ceived at the office of the Lighthouse En-
I gineer, San Francisco, Cal., until 12 o'clock
m., December 13, 1901, and then opened for
the rental of Anacapa Island, Ventura
County, Cal. (reserved by Presidential order
as a lighthouse reservation), for a period of
five years. Information and blank forms of
proposals furnished on application to Lieu-
tenant Colonel CHAS. E. L. B. DAVIS. Corps
of Engineers. U. S. A.. Lighthouse Engineer.
BIRTHS— MARRIA&ES^DEATHST~
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and bo
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
DIED.
Bragley, Mary Maehl, Otto
Bomeisler, Sarah J. McCarthy, John
Clement, Henry N. McCraith. John
Daly, John F. McDonnell, Mary
Dowling, George B. Meyer, Oscar
Dreypolcher, Floy C. Mize. Herbert E
Duncan, Hilarion Moran, Harry J
Flynn, Mary E. Nowell. Muria F.
GUmore, James B. O'Connor, Francis
Jacobsen, Peter C. Thron, Hedwig
Lasan. Patrick Volz, Nellie
Lamcke, Friedericke Wescoatt, Margery
Loderhose, Henry C.
BRAGLEY— In this city, November 17 ¦ 1901
Mary Bragley, a native of Nevada, aged 27
years. j -^
BOMEISLER— In this city, November 17 1901
Sarah Jane Bomeisler, relict of the late Her-
mann Bomeisler, beloved mother of Mrs.
Mpry P. Adams, and grandmother of J.
Prank Adams, a native of Philadelphia, aged
70 years 6 months and 17 days.
CLEMENT— In this city, November 17. 1901,
Henry Newell, husband of Mary A. Clement
and father of Walter 0.. Jabi?h and Ada
Clement, a native of Ohio, aged 00 years 6
months and 14 days.
inyNotice of funeral hereafter.
DALY— In Alameda, November 17* 1301, John
F.. beloved husband of Amelia Elizabeth
Daly, and father of *lay E., Frank J. and
George Daly, a native of Maine, aired 47
I years.
ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend funeral services to-
morrow (Tuesday), at 9:30 o'clock, from his
late residence. 2210 Alameda avenue, Ala-
meda. thence to St. Joseph's Church, where
I a requiem high maps will be said for the re-
j pose of his soul at 10 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery, San Francisco.
DOWLING — In this city, November 17, 1901
George B. Dowling, beloved son of the late
William M. and Margaret Dowling, and
dccrly beloved brother of Mrs. Georee W
Fateipon, Katharine E. Dowling and Mrs.
A. E. Tiernan, a native of Petaluma, Cal.
(C^The funeral will take place to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 9:30 o'clock, from the residencs
I of hlr sirter, Mrs. George W. Paterson, 801
I Guerrero street, thence to St. James Church
where a solemn requiem hish mass will be
celebrated for the repose of his soul, com-
mencing at 10 o'ekiok. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery, by electric funeral car. No car-
riages.
DREYPOLCHER— In San Rafael. November
16, 1901, Floy C, beloved wife of W. S. Drey-
polcher, a native of Minnesota, aged 30 yeara.
(E^"Funeral services will be held at chanel
of Odd Fellows' Cemetery at 11:00 o'clock
Monday.
DUNCAN— In this city, November 17, 1901,
Hllaricn Duncan of 1823 Turk street, aged "i 0
years.
FLYNN— In this city, November 16, 1901, Mary
E.. beloved wife of John T. Flynn, mother of
John, May, Walter and Arthur Flynr,
daughter of Bridget and the late John Huiiy.
and sister of Charles, William, Bessie and
Patrick Hurly and the late Michael Hurly,
a native of Lawrence, Mass., aeed 35 years,.
CFrlenrts and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 9:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 443 Eleventh street, thence to St.
Jissph's Church, Tenth and Howard streets,
for services, commencing at 10 o'clock. In-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery, by carriage.
GILMORK— In this city, November 16, 1901,
James 8., beloved husband of Rose Gllmore,
and father of William, Walter and Lester
Gilmcre and the late Elmer and jGeorge
Gilmore, a native of New York, aged SS
years.
(CTFrlen'ls and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at S o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 142 Silver street, thence to St. Rose's
Church, Brannan street, near Fourth, where
a reo.uim high mess will be celebrated for
the reDose of his soul at 9 o'clock. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery.
JACOBSEN— In this city. November 16, 1901,
Peter C, beloved husband of Alberta Jacob-
sen, and father of Christian T.. William J.
and Peter F. Jacobsen, Mrs. J. Petersen,
Mrs. Charles yon Ta?en, Mrs. James Terk-
elson, Mrs. Hugo Wildenradt and the late
Frieda Jacobsen, a native of Flensburg, Ger-
many, aged 75 years and 11 months.
ft'T'The funeral will take place to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 2122 Mason street, near Chestnut. In-
terment nrlvate. Please omit flowers.
LAGAN— In this city, November 16, 1001. Pat-
rick Lagan, beloved brother of Mary Lagan,
a native of County Derry, Ireland, aged 78
years.
[C?"Fiiends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Monday), at 9 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 230 Locust avenue, thence to St.
Mary's Cathedral, where a requiem high
mass will be celebrated for the repose of his
roul at 9:30 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery. Please omit flowers.
LAMCKE— In this city. No^mW 16, 1901.
Friedericke. beloved Mother of Marie and
HENRY d. GALLAGHER CO.
(Successor to Flannagan & Gallagher.)
DANIEL P. DONOVAN, Mgr.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMEKS
20 Fifth St.. opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South 80.
Mt. Olivet Cemetery,
San Mateo County.
OFFICE «16 M£rrK' ; t STRJiPT,
J. HENDERSON, Manager.
jambs; McGinn,
Formerly with McGinn Bros., has opened
new Funeral Parlors at 214 Eddy st., bet.
Taylor and Jones. Telephone South 576.
UNITED UNDERTAKERS,
27 and 29 Fifth st. Tel. South 167.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EKBALMER3.
Finest Equipment at Moderate Rates.
NEW FIHM OF UNDEkTAKERS.
Samuel McFadden, 18 years manager for
the United Undertakers' Association; M. J.
Mcßrearty, with the same company for 18
years; P. F. Green, late with J. C. O'Con-
nor & Co,, have opened new Funeral Par-
lors at 1171 Mission street, between Seventh
and Eighth. Telephone South 44.
Henry Lamcke and Mrs. C. Hfllebrandt. a
native of Overgolen, Germany, aged 95 yeara
1 months and 12 days.
(ETFriends are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral to-day (Monday), at 2
o'clock, from her late residence, 1804*4 Bush
street, near Octavia. Interment Laurel Hill
Cemetery.
LODERHOSE— In this city, November 16, 1901.
Henry Charles Loderhose, dearly beloved
husband of Paulina Loderhose. dearly be-
loved father of Louisa and Henry Loder-
hose, and brother of Mrs. Henry Finken-
staedt, a native of Frankenbcrg. province of
Hessen-Nassau, Germany, aged 43 years 3
months and 8 dayß. A member of Gesell-
schaft Teutonia: Unity Lodge No. 131, I. O-
O. F.. and W T alhalla Encampment No. 7. I.
O. O. F. (Frankenberg. Kur-Hessen, papers
please copy.)
(Triends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 1:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, northeast comer of Ninth and Mission
streets, thence to Teutonia Hall. Howard
Btreet, between Ninth Tenth, where serv-
ices will be held commencing at 2 o clock.
Cremation t O. O. F. Cemetery.
MAEHL-In this city, November 17. 1901, Otto,
beloved husband of Lena Maehl, a native or
Germany, aged 78 years.
MCCARTHY— In this city, November 16, 1901,
John, beloved husband of Elizabeth McCar-
thy, and father of John, William, James.
Margaret. Irene. Elizabeth and Kate Mc-
Carthy, a native of County Cork, Ireland,
aged 59 years 10 months and 26 days.
ETVFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Monday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 1212 Treat avenue, thence to at.
Peter's Church, where a solemn requiem
mass will be celebrated for the repose of his
soul, commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment
Holy Crops Cemetery.
HARMONY Lodge No. 9, A. O. U. W.— Of-
ficers and members are requested to assemble
to-day (Monday), at 8:30 o'clock, at 1212
Treat avenue, to pay the ¦ last tribute of re-
spect to our deceased brother. John Mc-
Carthy. F. A. WORDEN, M. W.
D. McSWEENEY, Recorder.
McCRAITH— In this city, November 16, 1901,
John, beloved son of Michael and Johannah
McCraith, and brother of Mr?. P. Lynott,
Mrs. J. D. Coon and Mrs. J. Olson, a native
of New York.
IC^-The funeral will take place to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 9 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, IS29A Bush street, thence to St.
Mary's Cathedral, where a requiem high
mass will be celebrated for the repose of his
soul, commencing at 9:30 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cress Cemetery. ,
McDONNELL— In this city, November 17, 1901,
Mary, beloved wife of Alexander McDonnell,
mother of Thomas. Edward and Hugh Mc-
Donnell, sister of John Ferguson and Mrs.
Daniel Browr. of Petaluma, a native of
County Galway, Ireland, aged 84 years.
[CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 10:3 C o'clock, from her late
residence, 2764 Bryant street, thence to St.
Peter's Church, for services at 11 o'clock. In-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery.
MEYER— In this city, November 17, 1901,
Oscar, infant son cf William and Marie
Meyer, a native of San Francisco, aged I
month and 9 days.
MIZE— In this city, November 17. 1901, Herbert
Edgar Mize, dearly beloved son of Edgar J.
and Delia R. Mize, and brother of Guy
Halne and Mabel and Delia Mize. a native
of fian Francisco, aged 16 years 11 months
and 37 days.
MORAN— In this city. November 17. 1901,
Harry J.. infant son of John and Elizabeth
Moran, a native of San Francisco, aged 3
months.
NOWELL— In this city. November 16. 1901,
Maria Frances, beloved wife of Frank C.
Nowell, and mother of Mrs. T. F. Townsley
of New York;. Mrs. Annie Bush of Niagara
Falls, New York; Josephine Lecoy of New
York; Mrs. Addaline N orris of New York;
Bernard Lecoy of Portland, Or., and Charles
Lecoy, and sister of Mrs. Ellen J. Bid-
der of Cleveland. Ohio. Henry Lampshire
of Chicago, 111., and Mark Lampshire of
Hamilton. Ontario, a native of Cornwall.
England, aged 72 years.
(C?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Monday), at 10:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 237 Seventh street. Interment Laurel
Hill Cemetery.
O'CONNOR— In this city, November 17. 1901,
Francis, beloved husband of Mary J. O'Con-
nor, and beloved brother of Mrs. Mary
Llewellyn and the late Thomas O'Connor of
Alameda, a native of Ireland. Late a mem-
ber of the Pacific Stock Exchange.
(ET'The funeral will take place to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 9:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of McFadden, Mcßrearty & Green, 1711 Mis-
sion street. Interment private. In St. Mary's
Cemetery. Oakland, on the arrival of the 11
o'clock creek boat from San Francisco.
THRON— In this city, November 15, 1901, Had-
wig Thron, beloved wife of Louis Thron, and
mother of Mrs. Ida Hopkins, a native of
Germany, aged In years 5 months and 12
days.
Zy Friends and acquaintances arft respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Monday), at 10 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 1227 Greenwich street, between Hyde
and Larkin. Interment Cypres Lawn Ceme-
tery, by carriage.
VOLZ— In this city, November 14, 1901, Nellie
Volz, sister elf Mrs. William Boler and
James, WilHp.rn and Joseph Costello, a na-
tive of San Francisco.
(HTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Monday), at 11 o'clock, from the parlors of
J. C. O'Connor & Co.. 767 Mission street.
Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
WESCOATT— In this city. November 17. 1901.
Margery A., wife of Jonas Wescoatt, and
mother of Mrs. Carrie A. Ware, Mrs. J. C
Moss and Mrs. T. J. Shearer, a native of
Maine, aced 67 years 3 months and 27 days.
[C^'Funeral at the Methodist Episcopal
church, Santa Rosa, to-morrow (Tuesday), at
10 o'clock.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL.
: G T Park. Dalles, Or H Jiu-k. Marvsville
W W Lean Jr. L^s A L W Sanborn & w.Cal
W H Kelley, Antloch jH D Ha.!. Santa Cruz
1 H C Jonrs. LA HE Picket Placervlle
i C H Bishoi). Sacramto Mrs D D Emminger,
A W White. Stockton ; Livermcre
j J C Keesling, San Jose Dr J W DeWitt. Cal
W G Hoyt, Hay ward Chas Lindner. Cal
> C Allen. San Jose J E Bell. Everett. Wn
Mrs D H Jackson. Cal T P Binland, Coultervl
. R F Crowell. Stanford F J Packard & w. Cal
A \V Baker, Oakland C R Baxter. Grand, Ky
R G Vamierbtlt. N V W L Lewls&w. Salins
1 E L Sherwood. NY .1 M Donsee. Tacoma
:H M Reed, Reedley jW Hunt. San Jose
F H Kline, Redding C L White. Sacramnto
O\V Walker, Los A D Hhanatran &w, Cal
I Chas St John. NY C Moltien. 'Ft Keyes
! E Myers & w, Ohio F W Johnsnn, Marysvl
W B Howard. Keswlek W W Brnwn. Colusa
i T G Raymer, Ft Jones J Rammelsberg. Cal
G T Irwin. Verser. Id J F Rroford, Andmar.
1E O Dewald, Dayton, O A F Smith. Shinsltwn
!J C Hartman, Merced 1 ? W Rupert. Stockton
PALACE HOTEL.
1L F Brenner, Sa'cto iDr C A Foster & w.NY
i W W Adams & w Cal F X Rule. Los Ang
i G H Meek. Jerome E G Dewald, Dayton
1 W L Stewart, Ls Ang H Silver. Los Ang
' C J Wetmore & w.Oak S Q Lines, New York
i J Sharpe & w, Cal I R C Gil Ms. Sta Monica
, W Groesbeck Jr, Utah A L Brown, Los Ane
Lieut P A Ross, U S A G F Tilghman. N V
O P Mills. San Josa C G Simpson, N V
! J T Lynch Menlo Miss G Graham. L An
I W W Linnet, Stanford Miss R Carrol, Sacto
1 A W Koebig, Los Ang F R Culbertson. Wash
i E G Baldwin & W, Or J S Lynch. Stanford
J W Sehloss NY S Ullman. New York
! W S Fletcher. NY W H BrinkerhofT, .Minn
W S Stitt, Chicago !A M Swan. Plttsburg
J Mullinp, Plymouth | H Lamotte. Bremen
R Marston & w, Englci;R M Vonabce. Baltimr
I W J Nelson. Los Ang H D Norton. Oregon
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
I H C Mortman, Ohio |J E Strong, Muskegon
J Brown & w, Vemalls|C E Connolly, Carters
, P Mclntle, Denver I Mrs E A Connolly. ("Hi
i H C AtiFtin Hr.sion TV Devere & w. Valljo
IG W Hicks &w. Pa T Oats, Seattle
1 H J Wells & fnm. Pa J B Rawllngs, Reding
: A X, Perrier, Truckee;J H Manord, Seattle
I J Miilroy, Ingle Bide |R Williamson, Portlnd
A Orton, Concord C Foster, Oakland
L E Comerford, Alamd
Builders' Contracts.
Mrs. M. A. Taylor (owner) with William Hel
blng | (contractor and architect)— All work cx
i cept mantels, gas fixtures and shades for a
I 3-story frame building (flats) on lot on S line
of Clay street. 82:6 E of Broderick, E 27:6 by
I 100: total, $9800. - •
E. Schmidt (owner) with Cotter & Jones (con
tractors), architect T. Paterson Ross— All work
except mantels, tiling, painting, gas fixtures and
finish hardware for a 2-story basement and atti:s
frame building (flats) on lot on W line of Scott
street, 127:8% N of Clay, N 25 by W 100; total,
$7050. • • '•¦ ' "'
• Henry J. Evans (owner) with Denke Bros,
I (contractors and architects)— All work except
gas fixtures, shades, mantels, main front steps,
and cement work except foundation- for a 2
story and attic frame dwelling on lot on the
NS corner of Franklin and Vallejo streets, 30 oh
Vallejo and 100 on Franklin; total, $7277. -
G. E Porta (owner) with A. Caccla (con
tractor), architect H. Hess— All work except
excavation, mantels, shades and gas fixtures for
a 3-story. and basement frame building (3 flats)
on lot on the N line of McAllister street, 75 E
of Lyon, E 25 by N 100;. total, $7430.
Henry Kahn (owner). '•. with Otto Schrader
(contractor), architect, William Mooser & Son
—Wrought and cast iron work, fire escapes and
stand* pipe for a 5-story and basement brick
building on lot on- S line of Sutter street. 206:3
• W of Taylor, W 45:10 by S 137:6; t0ta1, ' 53545. <
Same owner, with McPhee Company (contract
ors), architects, same— Granite, sandstone and
marble step . work for same on same; total,
$2123. • , - -"¦ ¦ -.-.»/---¦ ¦•--"
H Ingram (owner), with S. A. Born (con
tractor), architect, E. W. Hyde— All work for
a 3-story ¦ frame dwelling on j lot on SW corner
of Union and Fillmore streets. 37:6 by 93:9;
j total. $7630. ¦ "1 .: -
John D. Spreckels , (owner), with John Sim
j men (contractor), architects Reid Bros.— All
I work for offices, • etc., remodeling of - first story
1 of 8-story brick building at : 327 Market . street,
corner' of Fremont: total, $4700. .;>.'•.- ,->,-.
John Farley (owner), with Kaighln & Calne
(contractors), architects. Martens & Coffoy— All
work except plumbing," painting, mantels, gas
fixtures and shades for two 2-story frame build
ings (four flats) on lot on NE corner of Fulton
(D) street ' and Seventh ; a venue, N 110. E 65,
B 10§:6, W to beginning; total, $6350.'
• Same owner, with O. C. Sweeney (contractor),'
architects, same— Sewering,-, plumbing and gas
fitting. for same on same; total. $1413. \'-\v-
JAPAN DOES NOT
FACE A PANIC
Government's New Pol
icy Checks Down
ward Movement.
Plans Sale of Bonds for Ex
tension of Railways and
Telegraphs.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 17.— The Japanese
Minister has received telegraphic advices
from his Government which show that
the statements recently published con
cerning the existence of a financial panic
in Japan are unfound-jd. There have been
some fluctuations in the stock market, but
nothing of an alarming nature, and the
publication of the Government's new
financial scheme has checked effectually
the downward movement. The market is
now buoyant, Government securities be
ing quoted at higher rates than for some
time past.
The new scheme cor.templates the pro
vision of capital for the extension of rail
ways and telegraphs, which are yielding
a net pront of 7 per cent, by the sale of
bonds to the postal savings banks, the
utilization of itirplus i evenues from the
railroads and telegraphs and the sale
from time to time of such quantities of
bonds as can be absc: bed easily by the
domestic macket. The country has en
joyed one of the mot>i prosperous years
in its history. The lice and silk crops
have been unusually iarge, and there is
a steady influx of god as a result of the
trade. It is explained, the Minister fur
ther says, that the alleged panic was at
tributed to a loan failure. The result of
the inquiry was unfavorable only in so
far as it developed the existence of a cer
tain stringency here and in England, due,
the Minister says, to causes entirely dis
connected from any questions of Japanese
credit.
The prosecution of public works, tem
porarily placed in abeyance by the diver
sion of funds to der-ay the cost of the
expedition to China, has now been satis
factorily provided fo<\ and should any
further capital from abroad be hereafter
desired the Minister is satisfied that his
Government can affoid to wait until the
conditions are such that it can be ob
tained upon favorable terms.
Weather Report.
(120 th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. Nov. 17—5 p. m.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date, as compared with those of same date
last season, and rainfalls in last twenty-four
hours :
Last This Last
Stations— 24 Hours. Season. Season.
Eureka 0.02 8.08 12.38
Red Bluff 0.00 4.70 4 2
Sacramento 0.00 2.74 3.1;
San Francisco 0.00 2., 4 3.. 4
Fresno 0.00 1.67 3.6,
Independence 0.00 1.09 l-l.
San Luis Obispo 0.00 3.94 3.93
Los Angeles 0.00 2.44 1.99
San Diego 0.00 0.75 0.86
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
60; minimum, 49; mean, 54.
THE COAST RECORD.
STATIONS. 3 ?3. 9 | *.~. So
f !iji.M r %
Astoria 30.20 50 4« NE Cloudy 17'
I Baker 30.26 46 34 NW Cloudy .00
i Carson 30.28 52 2S E Pt Cldy .'">
I Eureka 30.22 56 48 SW Cloudy .U
Fresno 30.16 64 44 NW Clear .00
! Flagstaff 30.32 54 IS NW Clear .00
I Pocatello, 1dah0.. .30. 26 46 40 SW Pt Cldy .00
I Independence 30.12 62 34 SB Clear .00
Los Angeles 30.02 74 16 W Clear .00
i Phoenix 30.02 76 44 SW Clear .0*
! Portland 30.22 M 41 NE Cloud
I Red Bluff 30.20 62 48 N Pt Cldy .00
Roseburg 30.22 52 40 S Cloudy .01
Sacramento 30.18 S2 44 NW Pt CUly M
Salt Lake 30.28 48 38 NW Clear .0*
San Francisco 30.20 60 50 W Clear
San Luis 0bi5p0...30.14 70 50 N Clear .00
i San Diego 30.00 66 50 NW Clear .00
! Seattle 3f>.26 54 42 W Cloudy .00
I Spokane 30.30 48 36 S Clear .00
Neah Bay 30.22 4S 40 E Cloudy .04
I Walla Walla 30.26 SI 42 PE Cloudy T.
Winnemucca 30.26 50 24 W Clear .00
Yunia 4S
Temperature at 7 a. m., GO degrees.
SI'EATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
Generally cloudy weather prevails over Ore
gon. Washington and Northern California; else
where on th'_- Pacific slope fair weather pre
vails. Lighr rain has fallen along the coast
from Cape Meiidocino to the mouth cT the
Co 'iniliia Rlvw and over Washington.
TUI- precrura hat fallen along the California
coast nni ris-in o\er the interior.
The temperature changes have been slijht in
all districts, and it is generally slightly above
the rcrir oX
O.i»-.r Minns are favorable for fair weaLhir in
C*l:f>x*t* M<rday.
Forecast maJe at San Francisco for thirty
bran ending midnight November 18:
Northern California— Fair Monday except
cloudy along the northern coast: light nortn
west wind.
Southern California— Fair Monday; l.sht
northerly wind.
Nevada — Fair Monday: light variable winds.
San Francisco and vicinity — Fair Monday;
light northwest wind.
G. H. WILLSON. Local Forecast DfSciaL
BAILWAY TBAVEL.
Santa Fe
Trains-Dan . ;#
Leave Market Ferry Depot.'
I Local I Llm'd Ovrl'd Local
I Daily J Daily Dally | Dally
Lv. San Fran 7:20 a'| 9:00 a 3: 00 p 4:20 p
Ar. Stockton. 10:13 a 11:43 a 11:10 p 7:IS p
" Merced... 12:23 p 1:17 pj 1:30 a 9:11 p
"Fresno.:.. 2:05 p 2:35 p I 3:15 a 10:i0 p
" Hanford.. 3:12 p 3:27 p ; 8.05 a
" Visalia.... 3:33 p | 5:00 a
" Bakersfld. 6:15 p 5:20 p ; 7:45 a
•" Kan City 2:40 a 1 7:30 a
" Chicago 2:15 p [ 9:00 p
a for morning, v for afternoon.
9:00 am. train is the California Lim-
ited, carrying Palace Sleeping Cars and
Dining Cars through to Chicago. Chair Car
runs to Bakersfield for accommodation of
local first-class passengers. No second-
class tickets are honored on this train.
¦ Corresponding train arrives at 7:05 a. m.
! dally.
4:20 p. m. is Stockton, Merced and Fresno
local. Corresponding train arrives at 12:30
L p. m. daily.
I 8:00 p. m. Is the Overland Express, with
! through Palace and Tourist Sleepers and
I Free Reclining Chair Cars to Chicago; also
Palace Sleeper, which cuts out at Fresno.
i Corresponding train arrives at 6:00 p. m.
7:20 a. m. is Bakersfield Local, stopping
at all points in San Joaquln Valley*. Cor-
responding train arrives at S:4O a. m. daily.
Offices— 64l Market street and In Ferry
! Depot, San Francisco; 1112 Broadway. Oak-
land.
j
IiORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
V %> :, Via SausalM* F*rry.
Commencing September Zj, 1901.
FROM SAN FKAJN CISCO TO MILL. 'VALLEY
AND SAN RAFAEL. *— *
• WEEK DAYS— 8:30, '9:30, 11:00 a. m
' •1:45 3:15, 4:15, 5:15, '6:15, 6:45 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and Sau
; Rafael on Mondays, Wednesdays and Satur-
! days at 9:30 and 11:40 p. m.
i SUNDAYS— »B:OO. »10:00. '11:30 a. m.. »l 13.
i 3:13 «4:45. 6:30, 9:30 p. m. ¦ ¦-. -¦ .-'- *
i Trains marked (•) run to San Quentin
.FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO
r WEEK DAYS-*5:25, 6:27, 7:45,. 8:33. IOTS
¦ a, m. »13:25, 2:15 *3:35, 4:40, 5:30 p. m
i EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
• and Saturdays at 6:45 and 9:55 p. m.
i SUNDAYS— «S:Oe. •10:00, »11:43 a. m
| 1:40. *3:15. 4:45, *6:30 p. m. ' *
Trains marked (•) start from San Quentin
! FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO
¦ WEEK DAYS— 6:45. 7:55, 8:55. 10:30 a. m '
] 12:35, 2:45, 3:50, 5:10 p. m. *
I EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays and
; J Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:35 p. m. <
i SUNDAYS— B:OS. 10:05 a. m., 12:05 2:15. 210
i. 5:00, 6.45 p. THROUGH TRAINS. v " " **•
THROUGH TRAINS.
, 6:55 a. m. week — Cazadero and way sta
i tlons. ¦'' *r
! 1:45 p. m. Saturdays— Duncan Mills and way
j stations.
8:00 a. m. Sundays— Duncan Mills and wav
¦ stations. ¦„¦:.,¦.•..• . . - •*.
• Legal Holidays boats and trains will run on
- Sunday time. ¦
AUCTION SALES
3^ INITIAL SALE^tfcy
FINE CARRIAGFand DRIVING DORSES
FINE CARBIAGfc and DRIVING HORSES
I will sell
TO-MORROW (TUESDAY), Nov. 19, 1901,
about 30 head of horses. including ti elegant
carriage teams, perfectly matched, styltsh and
gentle, consigned by E. M. Skinner. Esq., cf
San Rafael. R. M. Eaton. Esq., of Santa Crux,
and others. Also carriages, buggies, road
wagons, etc., besides elegant sets of double
and single harness. Sale will commence at It
o'clock noon sharp. Positively no reserve.
OCCIDENTAL HORSE EXCHANGE. 721-723
Howard street, near Third.
WILLIAM G. LATWQ, Auctioneer. .
£sMUST BE SOLD. £S
AUCTION SALE '
Of 50 head of BROKEN DRIVING and WORK
HORSES. 950 to 1700, consigned by John Bur-
gan, Tulare, on Monday, Nov. 18, at 11 a. m., at
1 185 VALENCIA ST. y, ¦.-
FRED H. CHASE * CO..
Live Stock Auctioneers.
ICV-w. Parties needing anything In /•??¦«*,
*—« the line of NEW AND SEC- SE^E****
OND-HAND WAGONS, CARTS, BUGGIE3.
SURREYS, SADDLES. SINGLE and DOUBLE
and HORSES of all classes, be on hand TUE3-
DAY, 19th. 11 a. m.. at 1140 FOLSOM ST.
BAHVAY TRAVEL.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC.
Trains Itinvr »uil urn <iv« (• nrrl *0 al
HAS ril4Mt::.«t«:«». f
¦ (Main Line. Foot of Market Street.) r
i — 1 — .
; tiAvi — From November 4. 1901. — axkits
7 :OOi Benicia, Suiaua, Kimira and Sacra*
mento... ;..... •:33»
7 :<M> a VacsTille, Winters, Ramsey 7:33?
'4 titOA Martinez, San lt.vuon, Vallejo, Nairn.
Caliscoga and Santa Roaa «J:3t3r
8:00 A Davis. Woodland. Knigbta Landing,
Maryiville. Drofille: 7*3.1* -
8:OOt Atlantic Express- Ogden and East S:S3a .
8:o»a Xiles, Lathrop. Stockton 7:33*
8:00 a iN'llea, Mendota, Hanford. Visalia,
Porterrille 4:53»
S:3Oa Shasta Express— Darin, Williams (foe
Bartlett Springs). Willows, Bed
Bluff, Portland. 7:33*
•ill*>A San Jose. Livermoie, .Stockton,
lone, Hacramtmto. Plac»r«Ule,
M*r»»TiH.-. Cbicn. Hod Bluff 4:«.»»
M:3oa Oakdale, Chinese, Sonora, Carters... 4:33*
»:«»a Haywanl, Nil?* and War Stations.. Ht»3»
»:OOa Vallejo Vii'X&t
1*:»Oa Los Angeles Express — Martinez.
Tracy, Lathrop, ."Stockton, Merced
Vremio and Los Angeles 7:23*
fl:3O» Trillin, Martinez ami Way Station* ?:S3r
! 11>:<»OA The Overlaid Limited— Ogdon. I'en-
Ter, Omaha. Chicago »>X3>
fl:<M»r Sacramento Klf er Steamers |1 1:O«?
•:3»p Hayward, Nll-saml Wsy Stations.. 7:43
4i»i»r ISiHiicla. Winters, Baoraniento,
Woodland, Xi lights Landing.
Mnrjsville. Oroillle 10:33*.
4iO»r Martinez. Han lUiuon. Vallejo.
Nairn, (¦allntoica. Santa line* »«35 A
4t«Or Miles, LiTermore. Stockton. Lodi... •» «•
4>»(»r Hayward, Mies. San .lose. Lrrerniore \ "»:."»."i*.
4><lOp Port Costa. Tracy, Lathrop, Stockton 1 «»:*3*
S:O»r The Owl limited— r-su<\ Tulars,
BakersQ«ld. tjsngns (or Santa Bar-
bara. Los Angelas •:*> i
3:0O» Martiiifz, Anticch, Stockton, Mer-
ced, Fresno 13:33»
9:30p New Orleans Express—
Fresno, Bakersfield. Los Angeles,
Deming, Si Paso. New Orleans
and East 7:3»»
• :O«p Tlay ward, Kile* and San Jose 7.33*
, 11«: Of Vallejo 11:23*
6iOVr Oriental Mail— Ogiien, Cheyenne. ' ¦
' Omaha, (.'uioagu B>23a
8:00f Oriental -Mail— Og.ten. Denrer.
St. Louis. Chicago. 1:23 f
7:OOr Oregon aud California Kj|>r«ss,Mito-
riiiiißiitn. MarynYillc. ICbiMliik.
. r,,rr.1ai,.1, l'ng«t .-ion,, a anil K*sk . Si33a
1 StdSrSan Pablo, Port C'onta. Martinez
and Way Stations 11:23*
l»;O«p TaMo 7:.V>f
COAST LINE (Xarr»«r «»»*;•).
. ¦ jFuotot Market Street. > '
»!l»ANewa.rk.Oi!t.-rville, I S»ii.Jow>. Krltnn,
Boulder Creek,: Han (Jutland Way
Stations »»»•#
t»il3p Newark. Oiitervitlx. San Jose. Now
AIsjHMNB, pVlton, tionlder Creak, ''.' ??,
BanU M and Principal Way
I . Stations . !•:.¦»•*
4tl3r Nawsrk, Sl.ll .Joso. I*)* Oatos f.9:3»A-
«9.30r Hunter*' Train— San Jose and_Way
Stations fr.ao>
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
jnm SAH msCSCO— Foot of Swiet Strert (Slip 9)—
17:15 - V:00 11:001. S. 1:03 .XTTO 8:I3r».-
fr#mlU»U.1S— .'«•* •' it»*<i**j.— f":'-:0 {8:00 .. 13:0 J
10:00*. M. 1200 30 1:00 I'M. _^.
COAST LiIXE (Br««.l tin***}.
' (Third turd To«rn— n.l Sta.) _^-
: Oilo* baa Jose and Way »tattona. «»»•»
7:«t>A Haia Jiim »!iil W»y SUlli.ua l:*«p '
/7:«oa New At«S»t»ii /¦*:!•»
UiOOa Han Jose. Ties Pino*, .Santa Crux,
Pacific <Jn>vt\ falinis, dan Luis
Obispo, Santa Barbara, and Prin-
cipal Intermediate station* 7: 13?
l«::i»A San Jose and Way Stations. 4>l«rr
l«ai»A Han .lose ami Way .SUtiona »ia«>r
12: 13r Ran Mat-o. li-.lwooii. Menlo Park. ,
' Palo Alto. Hanta Clara, San .lose.
Trail Pino*. Santa Cruz. Salinas.
Monterey ai»l Pacific Slots I ***
3:n»r San .Jose and Way Stations. a ; :tOt
4:13r flan Jo*eaud Principal W»y; Stations »: *3*
; 43:ttOrSan Jose. Los Gatos and Principal
Way Stations t»:OO%
StSOr San .lose urn! Principal Way Stations M:U6a '
«>VOp F.edwo-}d. .San Josh, Gilroy. Salinas,
Santa Barbara Lon Angeles I*:6js*
B::j»p «an .Jo.* an.l Way Stations f«:«««A
q11:43p San Jos* 'in.l Way Stations •:«• T
A for Morning. P for Afternoon,
t Sunday .-scented. Z Sunday only
a Saturday only. / Tuesdays and Fridays.
CALIFORNIA RORTBWESTEU It ft
LESsaa
SAB FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY. •
Tlburon F«rry. fas* ml *W^« A
4;'-. V.- an Francisco to isan Rafael.
WEEK DATS— 7:3O, S:0O, 11:00 a. m. 12:36.
3:30, 6:10. 6:30 p. in. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at l:iJ
and 11:30 p. —.
SUNDAYS— B:OO. 3:30. 11:00 a. m.; 1:30. 3:30.
5:00, 6:20 p. m.
San Raise' to San Francisco.
I WEEK DAYS— <:IO. 7:50. 9:20. 11:10 a. m.; 12:43.
; i -lv, 6:15 s. m. Saturdays— Extra, trips at 1:53
• and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— B:IO. 9:«. 11:10 a. m.; 1:«. I:4*.
8:05. 6:25 p. m. ,
Leave 1 In Effect I Arrive
San Francisco. I April 2S. 1201. [ San Francisco.
Week j Sun- I 1 Sun- 1 Week
Days. I days. [ Destination. [ days. [ .Days.
7:30 am 8:00 am; Novato, 10:40 am 8:40 am
3:30 pm 9:30 ami Petaluma. 6:05 pm 10:25 am j
6:10 pi, 5:00 pm| Santa Rosa. I 7:33 pm 6:20 pm
Fulton, I
7:30 am Windsor. ) 10 25 am
5:00 pm Heaidsburs, 110:40 am
. Lytton. - . - I \. .
Geyservllle. |
3:30 pm 8:00 am Cloverdale. 7:35 pm| 6:23 pm
7:30 am 5:00 pm Hopland, 10:40 am 10:25 am '
3:30 pm 8:00 am and Ckiah. 7:35 pm 6:20 pm
7:30 ami 10:40 am t lO:li am
I 8:00 am] Guerneville. 7:35 pm!
3:30 pm! 5:00 pm _ . [ 6:20 pm
7:30 am! 8:00 ami Sonoma ! 3:15 am 1:40 am
( 1 . and ]
5:10 pm! 5:00 pm. Glen Ellen. I 8:05 pm 6:20 prr»
7:30 ami 8:00 am) ' am 10: Jo am
1:30 pmf 5:00 pmf Scbaatopol. I 7:35 pmj 8:20 pm -
Stages connect at - Santa Rosa for Marie West
Springs and White Sulphur Springs; at 'Fulton
for Altruria: at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at
Qeyserville tor Skasgs Springs; at Cloverdal*
for the Geysers; at Hopland for Duncan
Springs, Highland Springs. Kelseyville. Carls-
bad Springs, Soda Bay, Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs; at Ukiah for Vichy Springs, Saratoga
Springs. Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake, Witter
Springs, UDDer Lake. Porno, Potter Valley,
John Day's. Riverside, Lierley's. Bucknell'3.
Sanhedrin Heights. Hullville. Orr's Hoc
Springs. Mendocino City. Fort Bragg. West-
port. Usat. Wtllits. Laytonville. Cummins.
Bell's Springs, Harris. Olsen's, Dyer. Scotia
and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates.
On Sundays round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket efflce. 650 Market street. Chronicle
building.
H. C. WHITING, R. X. RSA.V.
Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass Agt.
fiOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
Leave Via Sausalito Ferry 1 Arrive
San Fran. Foot of Maiket St. [ San Fran. _
Days. days. J?** I ***!**" *?!""* da™" EH^ys.
¦'/ — i- — xtfrt %t Ow "J»ma of T»m»r ; ——>
I lilSr.;*-"" ww ~ kI **"m" mI * 15:55 p.|
Pan. S*b Fi«iml«<i to Summit •»! Return, II.ML
TWkot omcM, tai xaiiut —t~r ud iitoAUTu pxaar. -
/^%. Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
JL^jJl 6129 EEABXY »T. £itabllshed
sHWl"^Brktn 1934 for the treatment of lTlvnto
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
6U9 SEAKST ST. Established
in 1»54 for the treatment of Itivhl*
Dtas t 1 Lost Man li, m.<i. Debility or
E**£3*sJ3%M*''a** vearinjron body and mind an.l
T^fe^teJV-SSskin Diseases. Tlie Doctor cures when
i^>^fc^O?"ther3 fail. Try him. ('barges low.
r*IS~S«»*Ki Cnrr* guaranteed. Call or writ*
I»r. J. F. WIH^Oa. franr;l3CO. Cat
I Weekly Call, $1 per Year
910
BELIEVES READ
HAS ABSCONDED
Harness-Makers' Union
Suspects Treasurer
of Theft.
Investigation Is Said to Have
Disclosed a Small
Deficit
Walter W. Read, secretary and treas
urer of the Harness-Makers' Union has
been missing for more than a week and
it is feared by the harness-makers that
he has absconded -*ith a considerable por
tion of the funds which the union had en
trusted to his cane. To what sum his
Mipposed defalcations will amount can
only be determined after his accounts
have been examined. It is known that
Head had In his possession previous to
his disappearance $2uO, the per capita tax
which tne local Harness-Makers Union
])a\!< Into the treasurer of its national
o'ay. A telegram has been sent to the
ary of the national body to ascer
tain whether or not the per capita tax was
lorwarded to him.
At a meeting of the Harness-Makers'
Union, held last Saturday night, the ex
ecutive committee, consisting of Thomas
Simpkins, William Noble and W. A.
MeeKs, was directed to expert Treasurer
Read's accounts. Although the committee
has not as yet officially made known the
results of its labors, it is understood by
the members of the union that a deficit
has been found to exist. The investiga
tion is said to have brought to light the
fact that Read has diverted sick benefits
to his own use. For the maintenance of
strikers the 260 members of the union had
been contributing 25 cents per week and
i is rumored that this sum also found its
¦way into the treasurer's pocket. The rent
for the hall in which the union convenes
each week is also in arrears.
The last seen of the absent treasurer
by his associates was a week ago last Sat
urday, when he gave up his work at
Kempkey &. Gilham's, taking his tools
with him. Inquiries at 35 Woodward
street, where his wife and child are re
siding, failed to elicit any information as
to his whereabouts. Read was considered
by his associates to be an honest man
and the Harness-Makers' Union in select
ing him to be their treasurer did not exact
any bonds from him.
Robert H. McCallum, president of the
Harness-Makers' Union, in speaking about
Read's disappearance, said last night that
he did not think the treasurer's defalca
tions would exceed $200. as the union was
accustomed lo pay 80 per cent of its re
ceipts into the treasury of its national
body. He also stated that Read had given
bonds to the amount of $500 to the Na
tional Harness-Makers' Union so that his
shortage in that direction would be entire
ly covered.
HIS LIFE CRUSHED OUT
BETWEEN FREIGHT CARS
Body of Peter Ramsey Is Found at
the Second-Street
Slip.
Peter Ramsey, second officer of the
freight boat Transit, was killed at the
Second-street slip yesterday morning and
his body was taken to the Morgue. No
one saw the accident, but it is supposed
ht- was crushed between cars.
Shortly after 2 o'clock Ramsey went to
the office of Frank W. Clapp, the night
watchman, to read the papers, as was his
usual custom. After reading the news
he left the office and shortly afterward
his dead body was found under a car on
the track at the foot of the slip. At the
time cars were being shunted on to the
boat.
Ramsey was about 60 years of age, mar
ried and lived in Oakland.
George Cornelius, the engineer, was ar
rested about 5 o'clock by Policemen
Clancy and Jordan and booked at the City
Prison on a charge of manslaughter. He
was released on $50 cash bail.
Special Officer Doyle in Trouble.
Special Officer John Doyle was locked
up early yosterday morning on a charge of
drunkenness. Doyle was going along Mar
ket street at 3 o'clock in the morning
laboring under the impression that the
sidewalks were in open rebellion against
him. After straightening himself up
against a lamppost he seized the first
man who cajne his way, which happened
to be a man named Conway. Exhibiting
his star and pistol, Doyle placed Conway
under arrest and took him to the City
Hall station, where he charged him with
being drunk. Sergeant Wolf, who was
in the prison at the time, instructed Desk
Officer White not to book Conway, as he
was perfectly sober. Kot so, however,
with Doyle, who was staggering about
the prison desk making much of his au
thority and threatening every one jn
sight with dire punishment unless they
obeyed his instructions. A charge of
drunkenness was entered against the spe
cial. The Police Commissioners will in
terview him to-morrow night and most
probably he will be a very plain citizen
on Wednesday morninc-.
Captain Barnesoifs Mother Dead.
Mrs. Elizabeth Bameson, mother of
Captain John B. Barneson of the United
State Army transport service, died last
night at her residence, 41 Belvedere street.
She was a native of Scotland, over 65
year? of age, and leaves another son,
James 8.. and a daughter, Mrs. W.
x.ewin. The funeral will take place to
morrow morning at 11 o'clock from her
late residence. The interment, which will
be private, will be at Cypress Lawn Cem
etery.
Victor
Talking
Machine
HIS <fi^~,
MASTERS (i^/^ttVv
The Victor uses fiat, indestructible
discs, and its wonderful success
proves beyond every doubt that the
disc process is the only way to faith-
fully reproduce ail tone qualities.
The Victor's records are so perfect-
ly clear and natural as often to be
taken for the original band, orches-
tra, singer or speaker.
The Victor has overcome all me-
chanical imperfections, and conse-
quently if to-day in the homes of
music lovers all over America and
Europe. The records comprise all
the old favorites and everything new
in music of every description.
The Victor Talking Machine is
daily on free exhibition at Sherman,
Clay & — call' and hear it — you
will be pleasantly entertained.
Prices from 13.50 to $63.00.
Records (7 in) sOc; do in.) $1.
Write for Catalogue B.
Sherman, Clay & Co.
Piano Dealers
Corner Kearny and Sutter et*.. S. F.
Corner 13th and Broadway, Oakland. .
" 711 Second avenue, Seattle.
L _! iliij
NOTED EASTERN EDUCATORS WILL
ADDRESS TEACHERS' CONVENTION
Elisha Benjamin Andrews of Nebraska and M. Vincent O'Shea of
Wisconsin to Lecture at the Pacific Grove Session*
* — _ —
THE California Teachers' Associa
tion will meet at Pacific Grove
on December 30 to hold Its thirty
fifth annual session. Arrange
ments have been made to secure
the presence at the convention of some
of the best educators in the country.
Richard D. Faulkner, principal of the
Franklin Grammar School and President
of the Teachers' Association, announced
yesterday that among the distinguished
visitors would be Elisha Benjamin And
rews, LL. D.i chancellor of the Univer
sity of Nebraska, and M. Vincent Shea,
professor of the science and art of edu
cation at the University of Wisconsin.
The convention will be in session from
December 30 to January 3, both dates in
clusive.
Dr. Andrews is a graduate of Brown
University, of which institution he was
in 1889 elected president. In 1892 he was
appointed by President Harrison one of
the members of the International Mone
tary Conference at Brussels. He served
as superintendent of schools in Chicago
from 1898 until August 1900, when he en
tered upon his duties as chief executive
of one of the most progressive educa
tional institutions in the West, the State
University of Nebraska. As an educator
his reputation is world-wide and his" pres
ence at the Pacific Grove convention
promises to be a valuable experience for
the teachers of this state.
M. Vincent O'Shea is a graduate of
Cornell. He joined the faculty of the Uni
versity of Wisconsin in 1897, teaching for
the first year educational psychology, •
child study, principles of teaching, and
method of recitation. He has since
added to these, mental development,
genetic psychology and observation and
practice of teaching. He is well known as
a writer and lecturer on educational sub
jects. Both he and Dr. Andrews will de
liver a number of addresses before the
teachers' association.
HIS ACCOUNTS
IN BAD TANCLE
Barbers Examine Books
of Their Missing
Secretary.
All yesterday afternoon and evening the
executive committee of Journeymen Bar
bers' Union No. 148 was engaged in an
investigation of the accounts of its late
secretary, I. Less, who is charged with
having misappropriated some of the funds
of the organization. The work was very
tedious, as there were a large number of
accounts to be gone over, and there was
no way of checking them, until each indi
vidual member of the union could be
heard from.
From the evidence adduced yesterday
it was apparent that there had been some
little Juggling with funds prior to the
time that Less entered the political field
as the Union Labor party candidate for
Auditor. It is said that when Less found
that he could not get the nomination for
Public Administrator, and accepted the
other nomination, he was promised finan
cial support to make his campaign. This
failed to materialize and in order to keep
up his end of the fight he utilized the
funds of the union, his salary of $20 a
week only being sufficient for the support
of his family.
During the latter days of the campaign
some of the members of the union com
plained that they were not properly cred
ited with payments upon the books of
the union, but Less was ready with the
excuse that politics took up so much of
his time that he did not have a chance to
check oft his books, and was granted until
after the election to make such correc
tions as might be necessary.
Other complaints were made and the
matter began to look serious. One day
last week George F. Aubertin, the presi
dent of the union, was appealed to and
took charge of the office. Less was sus
pended and an investigation commenced.
Less absented himself from his usual
haunte and inquiries for him at his home
were futile.
When the executive committee met at
the headquarters yesterday afternoon
some of the members were in favor of
taking drastic measures, but as there was
no definite charge upon which action
could be taken until the examination of
the books was completed it was decided
to present a progressive report to the
union to-night and let that body deter
mine upon further action. .
Less is said to be still in the city, and
while the union is protected by a bond, it
is said his relatives intend making good
I any shortage that may be found. Neither
Less nor any of his relatives could be
found at their homes yesterday.
Branch Express Office.
Wells, Fargo and Comnany have opened
a branch office at 1239 Polk street. This
is in response to numerous requests from
residents of that neighborhood to whom
the necessity for going down town is a
considerable inconvenience.
In the sick room or on your sideboard Jesse
Moore "AA" Whiskey is indespensable. •
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAI/L, MONDAY, NOVEMBER 18, 1901.
EASTERN CROOK
LANDS IN JAIL
James Bruce, Wanted in
Chicago, Arrested in
This City.
James Bruce, alias "Slippery Jim," a
notorious Eastern crook, who is wanted
in ChicagA for the theft of diamonds val
ued at several thousand dollars, is locked
up in the City Prison. He was arrested
Saturday afternoon by two of Captain
Seymour's men just as he was about to
board the transport Meade.
In some way the police of Chicago
learned that Bruce had secured a position
as a waiter aboard the Meade, and they
wired Captain Seymour to arrest him.
Two detectives were sent, and aft
er boarding the transport they pa
tiently waited for the crook to appear.
Shortly before the transport pulled out
into the stream Bruce, partially disguised,
walked up the gangplank and was at once
recognized by Lie detectives. When ques
tioned he denied that his ' name was
Bruce or that he had ever been in Chi
cago. Satisfied that he was the right
man the detectives took him to police
headquarters, where alter a severe cross
GLASSES
World's Best
in quality, comfort, corrective
qualities and methods of. man-
ufacture, are the sort of glasses
we make and fit. to the vision. .
These points constitute the se-
cret of our success.
We carry a full line of
LEMAIBB OPERA
GLASSES.
i Over 100 styles in all.
Remember our Name and
Number. - .
gIAXDiBOOPXPIG
2J7Kearnwst- S.F.
TWO NOTED EASTERN PROFES
SORS WHO WILL MAKE AD
DRESSES BEFORE THE STATE
TEACHERS' ASSOCIATION.
HURLS A LAMP
AT POLICEMAN
Colored Woman Vicious
ly Attacks Officer
Duane.
Sallie Jones, a colored denizen of the
Barbary Coast, threw a lighted coal oil
lamp at Police Officer Duane last night,
breaking his nose and setting fire to hid
new uniform.
Duane had gone into the woman's home
to arrest her for grand larceny, when
she picked up the lamp, which was on a
small table in the center of the room,
and hurled it at him. The lamp struck
Duane on the nose and exploded, the
burning oil setting fire to the sleeve of
his uniform. After extinguishing the
blaze Duane seized the woman and drag
ged her from the house. She was then
taken to the City Prison and booked on
charges of gTand larceny and assault
with a deadly weapon.
While patrolling his beat on Pacific
street Duane was accosted by Joe Man
chini, a cook, who informed him that the
Jones woman had robbed him of $3 in a
house on Pinckney place. Accompanied by
Manchini, Duane went to the house and
proceeded to question the woman about
the robbery. For a reply she picked up
the lighted lamp and threw it at him.
After being placed under arrest the des
perate woman fought viciously to escape.
She clawed the policeman's face and vain
ly attempted to bite his hand. With the
assistance of a citizen, Duane finally man
aged to get his dusky prisoner to the Cen
tral station, where she was formally
charged. •• •
examination he broke down and admitted
his identity.
Since leaving Chicago Bruce, who It is
claimed is one of the most expert sneak
thieves in the country, has made several
trips to Sydney and other foreign ports,
robbing the passengers of their valuables.
A short time ago he was employed as a
waiter on an ocean liner, and when the
vessel reached its destination he sudden
ly disappeared. Nothing was thought or
his disappearance until the following day.
when one of the passengers discovered
that his trunk had been broken open dur
ing the trip and jeweliy and other prop
erty valued at over $1000 stolen.
Suspicion at once attached to Bruce, and
the police of various ports were asked to
arrest him. From the description given
of the thief the police of Chicago recog
nized him as the man who was wanted
for an unusually bold diamond robbery
committed in that city.
It is expected that an officer will leave
Chicago to-day for this city to take
charge of the prisoner.
Reductions in
Ladies Garments
Before leaving for Europe to
make - fashionable selections for
Spring we desire to reduce our
present extensive stock of select
winter novelties, and offer
sweeping reductions in Ladies
Garments. Suits reduced $15
and $20 each; for instance,
$75 .garments reduced to $55.
Maher of Ladies Garments tr^l. ~^*zl
796 Sutter Street * mm^^^ m
MINERS DISCUSS
KLONDIKE PLOT
Hatred of Canadian Rule
Is Strong Along
Border.
Mounted Police Will Probably
Be Able to Control
Situation.
The, story of conspiracy against Can
fcdian rule in the Klondike and the con
ference at Skagway November 5 of the
Civil and military representatives of the
United States and the Northwest Terri
tory, as published exclusively in yester
flay's call, was the subject of much dig
cusslon during the day in clubs and hotel
lobbies. Men recently rrom the gold
fields were particularly interested, and all
phases of the plot and its discovery were
discussed among them over and over
fcgain.
To many the plans of the conspirators
seem so chimerical that action on them
does not seem the part of sane men, but
curiously enough old Klonclikers were
strongest in the defense or the credibility
of the story. Knowing the bitterness of
all classes of miners, and particularly of
Americans, toward the Dominion Gov
ernment and appreciating the dare devil
character of a large part of the population
of the mining camps, they hold that it
is not at all astounding that reckless
spirits should band together and pledge
themselves to risk all and set up the
standard of rebellion against the Domin
ion. Six months' immunity from attack,
argue these returned gold hunters, must
have been a strong argument brought to
bear upon the more cautious to induce
them to give sanction to the plot, and the
difficulties of Invasion even during the
short summer are so evident that many
doubtless feel a confidence in the ability
of a force of 6000 men to defend the ter
ritory against whatever force might be
sent against them.
There is little appreciation in the States
of the implacable hatred of thousands of
American miners along the Porcupine and
other creeks near the border for the Can
adian Government. They believe unalter
ably that they ought to be under Ameri
can rule and that they have been com
pelled unjustly to submit to the hated
Canadian mining regulations. They feel
that Americans at home must share their
bitterness and that the nation would give
them moral support in a revolt against
the Dominion Government. Those famil
iar with conditions in the mining camps
do not hesitate to say that the backbone
of the strength upon which the arch-con
spirators have counted must lay along the
border, in the Atlin district. They assert
also that much bitterness exists in Dawson
and elsewhere well into the Interior, such
as would make the promotion of an insur
rection a comparatively easy matter, once
the leaders could give assurance of tem
porary success at least.
It was generally held that the discovery
of the existence of the plot will mean
death to the cause, for although it is al
ready too late for aid to be rushed in to
reinforce the mounted police, it is beliered
that knowledge of the danger will place
it in the power of the authorities to cope
with the conspirators. In fact the vigi
lance of the police is likely to prevent any
uprising, and returned miners believe that
it will now be mainly a matter of ferret-
Ing out further evidence and running to
earth the ringleaders.
FKIZES AWARDED
TO HEBREW ORPHANS
Pleasing Entertainment Presented to
Visitors by Children of the
Institution.
The annual entertainment and distribu
tion of prizes of the Pacific Hebrew Or
phanage were held yesterday at the home,
600 Devisadero street, In the presence of a
large number of ladies and gentlemen.
The entertainment consisted of music
by the military band of the orphanage
and a cantata, entitled "King Rudeness,
or No Manners Land."
Che children of the orphanage who took
part in the production were roundly ap
plauded by the audience. Those who en
acted the principal roles were Rebecca
Kohn, Harry Basker, Charles Stone, Sam
Cerf, Ray Lakomy, Tiny Lakomy, Sadie
Rosenthal and Cecile Daniel.
After the entertainment an address was
delivered by President S. W. Levy. The
prizes were then awarded. Charles Stone
was declared the winner of the $250 cash
prize, known as the "Bahrent bequest,"
while Esther Heiltron was awarded the
$100 cash prize from the funds of the "pre
mium bequest." The prizes are the inter
est of sums donated to the orphanage by
Jewish citizens and are given to a boy and
girl annually, who are deemed the most
meritorious in the manner of deportment,
scholarship and behavior. The first prizes
are held in trust until the recipients are
of legal age. Numerous prizes, consisting
of books, toys and other useful article;-;
were given to all t"he children of the in
stitution.
Great Gymnasium for Stanford.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Nov. 17.—
The rumor in regard to the proposed new
gymnasium for the accommodation of the
university students has been confirmed
by Resident Architect Charles E. Hodges.
He has made the announcement that
plans will be prepared at an early date
for an immense structure even more elab
orate than the students had at first hoped
for.
The cost of the building will run up into
the tens of thousands, and possibly more
than a hundred thousand dollars. Among
the details Mrs. Stanford has specified to
be embodied in the plans are a billiard
room, bowling alleys, handball courts, ex
hibition hall, indoor running track and
an immense swimming tank.
Trapper's OH cures rheumatism and neuralgia.
Druggists, 50c flask. Richard & Co. 406 Clay. *
Veterans Elect Delegates.
The Veterans of the Civil War Associa
tion met Saturday nit;ht and elected the
following delegates to the Chinese exclu
sion convention: W. H. H. Hart, John L.
Boone. General W. H. Pratt, Martin Mur
ray and A. L. Rockwcod.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
On MONDAY, November JBth, we will place on
sale the following lines of
NEW GOODS
All of which will be found SPECIAL VALUES.
One Case 44-Inch Silk and Wool Imported
FRENCH "EOLIENNE" and FLEUR DE
• VELOUR" in the following shades? Modes,
Castor, Reseda, Cream, Navui French Blue,
Tans, Old Rose, Grays, Light Blue and Black.
Price $1.25 Yard.
. - Regular Value $1.75.
Two Cases Extra Heavy ENGLISH CHEVIOT, f
suitable for walking skirts and outing suits.
This goods is only in Black and two shades
of Navy.
Price $1.00 Yard.
Former Price $ 1 .30 Yard. ' •
45 ' Pieces GENUINE AMAZON CLOTH, 50
inches wide, in all the leading shades, such i
as Reds, Blues, Browns, Tans, Grays, Greens,
also Black.
Pricesl.OO Yard.
Worth $1.5 Yard.
10 Pieces 44-inch Black Striped SILK GRENA-
DINES, assorted stripes. These are the goods
so much in demand. •
Price $1.00 Yard.
Regular Value $ 1.50 Yard.
In our FLANNEL DEPARTMENT we will <~£
show this week an elegant stock of New
French Printed Flannels, Tennis Flannels,
Plain French Flannels, Eiderdown Flannels,
Embroidered Flannels and Flannelettes.
W. 113, 115. 117. 119. 121 POST STREET.
60LPBXKO. BOWIN * CCS SPECIAL BATIKS SALS
HjOLDBERg
'BDWEN
CO
Sales agency for Huyler's
bon bons — chocolates and
confection novelties — large
and fresh assortment just in
Monday Tuesday Wednesday
Hams
; Old Dominion— very best ta r
quality— 16c lb * U
Baking Powder
Excelsior— pure— reliable— * nr
Wg'ly3sclb 3 OC
Roy a n s
Sardines with truffle ¦?)!'}¦¦'¦
pickle-a-la-vatel- 2 for 25c
a la bordelaise-reg'ly 15c can
Macaroni
Also spaghetti — —
letters and numbers — 1 lbs 1 f C
Favorita— reg'ly 15c lb
Kona Coffee
Coffee is higher— no advanceor
change in the quality here 2OC
reg'ly 25c lb t
Castile Soap
French— large white bars — 40c
teg'ly 50c— lots of lather 2 for 7CC
Pineapple
reg'ly special
Slngapore-sliced-cubes-whole 20c can 15c
! 7 25c-2Kcan2oc
30C-3 lb can 25c
V or Chocolate
Kraft— Germany— famous r cc
medicinal chocolate — reg'ly 65c lb J-5
Stuffed Olives
Olives stuffed with bottle T oe
Spanish peppers '
Mayonnaise
Sierra — pi cquant salad 2CC
dressing— reg'ly 30c bottle ->
Almonds
California shelled — new — tr\n
reg'ly 35c lb . " 3 OC
Cheese
Club house— rich old cheese-
paste form— reg'ly 35c jar— ¦ 30c
trial size 10c °
Lunch bask
For automobile parties — for travellers—
for picnics . _
Fitted with food receptacles and utensils
for eating _ '
Latest Parisian novelty
\9 to $48 each
Olives
Green ripe— reg'ly 40c
% gallon 3OC
80LDBM9, Bowia * (JO'S apxeiki, SAVISB SALI 1
Pin money pickles
Mrs Kidd's — Kpint 2oc-pint ->qc
sweet pickle — •y ." °
reg'ly 25c— 40c— quart S OC
Claret
Mountain Zinfandel — dilute one- aqq
¦ third— reg'ly 50c gal 4 OW
Brand
California — 15 years' old — — 7 re.
reliable— $1 bottle— 'I
$4 gallon , - - $3
New York Cider
Pure Long Island apple juice — 25c
reg'ly 30c— 25 doz qts doz $3
Rock and Rye
Rye whisky and rock candy syrup- * t
reg'ly $1 25 bottle * *
Rye Whisky
Gibson-full quart-rep ly $1 40- $115
$ gallon , * ."' $4
Malt Whisky
Wm Penn — reg'ly $1 bottle— *y re
Duffy— reg'ly 85c bottle / -> \
French Soap
Roger & Gallet— Plnaud-assorted A oc
odors— reg'ly 75c box of 3 cakes
Hamamelis
% pint 15c— pint 25c— quart aor
best extract of witch-hazel q 4 OC
Toilet paper
Belvedere— 1000 sheets— <*_ _,_
reg'ly $1 50 dozen pi 10
Match-holder
Hangs against the wall-detachable
cup for burnt matches-beautifully coc
. d^signed-inredand green-reg'ly6sc ¦>
Salt box
Porcelain— extra fine value— oc
reg'ly 50— handy — necessary •$
Holiday Groceries
* \
Bar-le-duc currant? Ripe black olives j&
Mince meat Plum pudding T"^ s
Stuffed dates Stuffed prunes
Lebkuchen Corsican citron
Eastern butternuts Malaga raisins
New nuts ¦ Mammoth olives
Sweet pickled walnuts
Goose breast smoked [Pomeranian)
Oneida community Preserves
Big catalogue or call for it
133 Pine 232 Sutter 2800 California San Francis**
Thirteenth and Clay Streets Oakland
GperaQlasses
AND
Lorgnettes
NEW PARISIAN SHAPES.
The Ocularlum.
MntMJMo
642 Market -St. instruments
. w*ot« chromcu JJATAIQQUC fun.