PRICE FIVE CENTS.
SAN FRANCISCO, THURSDAY, APRIIi 11, 1901.
VOLUME LXXXIX-NO. 132.
From Paris Comes a Story That Yang Yu, the Chinese M.
Petersburg;; Gravely Insults Count Lamsdorff and Gets Thrown
IJbwnstairs, Being Severely Injured.
AMERICAN GOVERNMENT DIRECTS
COMMISSIONER ROCKHILL TO URGE
MODERATION OF INDEMNITY CLAIMS
JAPAN'S' NOTED .FIGHTING
MEN, WHOSE DESIRE FOR
WAR IS NOT APPEASED.
whole time was taken up by Senor Juan
Gualberto Gome^ and General Sanguilly,
who*rrtade long and Impassioned speeches,
the' former against the Platt amendment
and the latter in its favor.
Senor Gomez said In substance that tha
black blood In his veins made him opposed
to the Americans, intimating that their
treatment of his race stamped them as
unfriendly to the negro. . "I would rather
be under the sovereignty of Spain." he
exclaimed, "that under that of the United
States. The Platt amendment endangers
the Independence of Cuba." It means thd
predominance of ' American Influence. I
would rather die of grief or leave the
country should it be accepted.". : r
He admitted he was not particularly op
posed to sendine a commission to Wash
ington, but he said he believed the Platt
amendment should be rejected first.
General Sanguilly made a strong appeal
to the delegates to accept the amendment.'
He cited the reasons fie had already given
in a public letter in favor of such a course
and emphasized the fact that the amend
ment in no way endangered the Independ
ence of Cuba, but reajjy' provided guaran
tees that it would he maintained.
*•' : . •
MASSACRE 0^; CHRISTIANS.
Thrilling' ¦? Facts in the Beport of
American Bible Society.
jjjj NEW. YORK. April 10.— The annual re
port of the American Bible Society rela
tive to the situation in China will contain
the following interesting statements from
Its - agent In China, the Rev. John R.
Hynes, p.' I>. : ""'..: *;
There was a deep and cunningly laid plot
under Imperial «anction to exlrpate , Chris
tianity, expel "all foreigners and destroy all
foreign interests. No one divined the full ex
tent of the Iniquity, which -was deliberately
contemplated. In all 1S3 Protestant mission
aries. Including 60 men, 73 women and 43
children, have been massacred, with the ex
ception of the massacres at Kuchoo, In Che
kians. In which eleven Dersons were killed,
and at Henzchoo, In Hunan, all of the»*
d°aths occurred In the northern provinces.
The question has .been raised at home aa to
whether the Boxer uprising was antt- foreign
or antl-mtaslonary in its character. No doubt j
exists in the mind of any well informed persor^
in China. The movement was undoubtedly
against foreigners, as such, and the erusada
was directed agaJnst everything foreign —
Christianity, of course. Included. Hsu Chlng
Cheng and Tuen Chang, two Ministers of th^
Foreign Office, would not transmit the awful
edict which reiterated the order to "painfuJljr
extirpate all foreigners," but changed it as to
read "protest all foreigners," and sent It fir
ing over the wires to the remotest provinces.
They~were sentenced to be 'cut In tw,o. Mis
sionaries were the class that benefited by this
act of heroism. The fact that every mission
ary escaped from fourteen out of the eighteen
provinces would indicate that the crusade wu
not specially anti-missionary-
In the provinces of Chill and Shansl every
school, hospital, chapel and dwelling was loot
ed and burned by the Boxers or Imperial troops,
the only exception being the property In tha
foreign settlement at Tientsin. So complete
was the demolition cf property by these mad
fanatics that not a vestlgs was left to mart
the site: even the foundations wer» dug up and
carried away. There was also destruction o*
mission property In the provinces of Shan»!.
Hotan. - Hupeh. Klangsl. Cheklang and- Wanir
tung. The native Christians have been thu
worst sufferers. Those who escaped tha gen
eral slaughter In the northern . provinces lost
absolutely everything, and many of them are
perishing from cold and starvation.
The scriptures destroyed will aggregate not
less than 100,000 volumes; acd tha actual loss
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CALL BUREAU, 1406 G STREET, K.
W., WASHINGTON, April 10.— Not until
to-day was the administration willing to
admit that the Cuban constitutional con
vention had fallen far short of the War
Department's expectations and rejected
the Platt amendments defining the rela
tions between this Government and Cuba.
This news has been reluctantly confirmed,
but the technical explanation is made
that it does not mean a flat rejection, in
asmuch as the constitutional convention
may at some future time reconsider its
action.
The talk now Is all about the probable
result of the visit to the President of the
commission the convention is to appoint.
In this respect the administration is back
to the point where It started on the Cu
ban matter at the time of the r adoption
of the Platt amendment. Then advices
from other sources than those at ,the com
mand of General Wood suggested that It
would be a good way out of the" difficulty
to have a commission come to Washing
ton and talk with the President before at
tempting to apply Albany methods to
Cubans and "jamming 1 , 1^ the "relations
through. . ... ;
President and Commission. .'
The. commission, when it comes to
Washington, will meet with personally a
.warm '.xeception., from President *McKin-
ley.'"It- is believ.ed by the Cabinet that,
a President' who in three weeks talked
over to his side a solidly hostile" Senate
and House can in seven months interven
ing before Congress assembles convince
a small party of Cuban gentlemen of the
error of their views.''' . • .-
It is not likely, however, that the Cuban
emissaries will induce the President to
materially modify the demands which
Congress has voted shall be made. If the
Cubans are expecting the President, with
out the consent of Congress, to consent
to any material modification of the Platt
amendment . they are mistaken. The
President takes the position that he has
nothing to do but to see that tho wishes
of Congress are carried out in this mat
ter, and he cannot make any concessions
unless Congress- authorizes him. to do so.
Hence, in their negotiations with the
President, Cubans '"are likely to find them
selves • up against a stone wall. All the
President can say -will be: "Gentlemen,
these relations are the work of Congress.
The President has no power to modify,
annul or ignore an act of .CongTess. The
President Is'.wHling to discuss the matter
with you and "endeavor to convince you
that you are mistaken in supposing .that
this act of Congress abridges" the rights
and privileges of Cuba as a nation. He
is willing to^undertake to show you that
what the United States asks Cuba to ac
cept Is for the peace, prosperity and-hap
piness of the island. If you would like to
talk on those lines we are willing to go
ahead and have a discussion."
Little Can Bs Accomplished.
But what Is the alternative, suppose the
Cubans should tell the President that they
are only authorized to. demand modifica
tions in the, matter of the right of the
United States to intervene, regulate debt,
supervise sanitation and maintain a cbal
in? station?
These, are the questions that are, now
being discussed. At the War Department
and in administration circles the impres
sion is given forth that in that event no
possible good ' from a Cuban standpoint
could be accomplished." If. the commis
sion, it is said, does not- come here willing
to be convinced of the justice of the posi
tion taken by Congress it had better stay
at home. The present feeling is that the
constitutional convention of /Cuba ought
to bo dissolved' and a ¦call issued for a
new convention empowered to deal with
the question. No Immediate steps aro con
templated locking to a dissolution of the
convention, and. of course, such a step
at this time would only tend to Increase
the friction prevalent among Cuban poll
ticians. . : ¦.
Disapproval of Wood's Policy.
The sending of a commission to "Wash
ington ;is regarded at the War Depart
ment as -a tacit disapproval by 'the con
vention of the policy and methods of*Gen
eral Wood. .\ It shows that the convention
is dissatisfied with the treatments has
received from the. Governor General, and,
without further discussing the views of
the United States with that official; 'it
proposes to go •. over his head and come
direct. to the President of the "¦ United
States^for information as to the attitude
of the American Government. Officially
there is no disposition on the part of the
President or Secretary "Wood ; to criticize
General Wood on the course he has pur
sued. It' was stated at the *,War Depart
ment that General Wood's policy had the"
full 'sanctibri "of* the President. ; .: It is
known, however, , that tile' administration
had ;. hoped ¦ that the- question of relations
would be settled in Havana and not in
Washington. , r , '--,'•¦>
Aclion of the Constitutional-'Conven
tion "Regarded as Disapproval of
General Wood's Policy. • '
Administration Admits the
Rejection of the -Platt
Amendments.
Otherwise- Commis
sion Would Better
Stay at Havana,
CUBANS MUST
MAKE ALL THE
CONCESSIONS
Dewet Reported to Be Almost Demented v and It Is
Believed His Followers Can Be Taken.
CAPE TOWX, April 10.— It is understood here that although General Dewe't
In his recent interview with General Botha refused to surrender,, General Botha,
regarding him as irresponsible, undertakes to negotiate in behalf of the entire
Boer forces. The British authorities here consider that If General Botha sur
renders Dewet's following can be easily taken. As explained here, this action
was determined In part by General Botha's discovery at a recent meeting that
General Dewet's intellect had weakened, that his influence with his followers was
diminishing and that a continuance of the campaign. In view of General Dewet's
irresponsibility, rested with General Botha alcne. ,--, v
LONDON, April 1L— The report that General Botha has -I renewed negotia
tions with Lord Kitchener is not yet officially confirmed, but It . Is / generally
credited and received with satisfaction except by the ultra-jingoes who fear that
the Government will renew the terms recently rejected. "¦* .
GENERAL BOTHA BEGINS NEW
NEGOTIATIONS WITH KITCHENER
XETV TORK. April 10.— The United States army transport Rawlins. which was
to have sailed ¦ this afternoon for Havana. Maianzas and Cienfuegos, is lying
¦with her saloon deck a-wash in thirty feet of water to the south of the army pier
at the foot of Pacific street. Brooklyn.
Fire was discovered aft of the Rawllns' engine-room early this morning. Two
alarms brought to the pier six engines, two trucks and three fireboats'ank at 9:30
o'clock so many thousands of gallons pf water had been pumped into the tran
sport's hold that she keeled over, and with water rushing in through her ports,
settled slowly until her keel struck bottom. , ..¦",•','••
Four men were overcome by smoke. They were John Snyder and Henry Bab
cock, sailors; Thaddeus SWdmore, a clerk in the army transport department, and
Patrick Mason, a fireman. Snyder was the only one whose condition was seri
ous. ¦'-'*'.* i' ¦ r-7"-' . • ¦ v.TvVo
The property loss will" not exceed $50,000. It willcost perhaps $20,000 more to
pump the Rawlins out and raise her. The Rawlins was being loaded with a mis
cellaneous cargo, consisting for the most pert of horse feed for army use. She
was also to carry a quantity of mixed supplies, which had been piled on the pier
for loading. Apparently the blaze had been smoldering all night.
ARMY TRANSPORT IN FLAMES
IS SUNK AT BROOKLYN PIER
Four Men Overcome by Smoke While Fighting a
Disastrous Fire on the Ravvlins.
EL PASO, Tex., April 10.— Mrs James Milliken, a prominent woman of this
city, whose residence is in the«most fashionable neighborhood, committed suicide
shortly after noon to-day by sending a bullet through her brain. • Mrs. Milliken
•was alone In the apartment when the tragedy occurred and fired three shots, only
the last taking effect, causing a ghastly wound and instant death. Policemen
and neighbors who investigated found her lying across the bed dead. It is be
lieved the woman had been driven insane by family troubles. Her husband
a few years ELgro was a banker and wealthy cattleman of "Weatherford. Tex. He
shot and killed his business partner and the subsequent trial caused his financial
ruin. He came here, engaged in mining and succeeded, but had been in Mexico
several years and the wife believed herself deserted. ¦ ¦
A second suicide occurred, this afternoon when Mrs. John B. Fitch swallowed
carbolic acid and died in great agony. She was only 23 years old and had quar
reled with her husband.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
TROUBLE WITH HUSBANDS CAUSE
TWO WOMEN TO COMMIT SUICIDE
One a Prominent Resident, Whose Abode Was in the
Fashionable Section of, El Paso-
PARIS, April 10.— The Important festivities attending President Loubefs
.visit to the Riviera were brought to a climax to-day In the double naval
'demonstration at Villefranche and Toulon. Both proved splendid spec
tacles. The profuse decorations at Toulon, the flotilla of pleasure boats
flitting about the harbor, the gayly dressed warships lying in the road
stead, and the animation of the Immense crowds of strangers jostling one another
In the streets and along the wharves imparted a color and picturesqueness to the
scene which outvied the situation at Villefranche. The French people, however,
4 derived as much pleasure from the incidents at Villefranche as from the meet
1 Ing of M. Loubet and the Duke of Genoa at Toulon.
"The Russian squadron," says Le Journal des Debats. "saluted the President
on his departure for Toulon, so that Russia will be associated as completely as
could be desired with the fetes on the Riviera. Those who have spoken about
the coolness of two friendly and allied countries' are now compelled to admit that
they took the desire for the reality. Those who contended that Russia wished to
man}fest hostility toward the Franco-Italian rapprochement now have proof to
the contrary in the fact that the Russians came to salute the President at the
very moment when the fetes at Toulon, sealing this rapprochement, were about to
take place."
M. Loubet ful!y appreciates the value of the French set word "ally" in con
nection with the relations of France to Russia, and he again took an oppor
tunity to pronounce It on board the Alexander II this morning. When accepting
tea from Admiral Birileff he said: ' .
"I am very much pleased that his Majesty the Emperor has sent a squadron
to salute the President of the French republic. I am very grateful for this mark
of* respect, and I raise ray glass to -the health of their Majesties the Emperor
and Empress, and to the friendly and allied Russian nation and to the prosperity
of the Hussion army."
Admiral Birileff suitably responded, toasting "The President of the French
repbulle. the prosperity of La Belle France, my secend Fatherland, and the glory
of the French army and navy."
The ceremony decorating Admiral Birileff with* the cress. of the Legion of
Honor was performed 5n the presence of the whole crew. M. Loubet then em
braced the admiral and expressed regret that the previously fixed hour fcr his ar
rival at Toulon prevented him making a detailed inspection of the Russian flag
ship.
All the officers of the flagship were presented to M. Loubet,. who shook hands
with them all. The Alexander II was the first to fire a parting salute as the St.
Louis steamed out of the bay and the crews manned the Russian warships when
the St. Louis passed, shouting seven times "Vive la Republique," or raising
seven hurrahs. Simultaneously trumpets blared and there was a great beating
of drums. After M. Loubefs departure Admiral Birileff entertained the local
officials on board the Alexander II. ' . x
The general programme at Toulon was carried^out without a hitch. The Duke
of Genoa and the Italian officers ayi sailors met with a flattering welcome, the
French seamen fraternizing with the Italians on shore. Every desire was shown
on both sides to cultivate a mutual good feeling. Extracts from the Italian
press, evincing satisfaction over the events at Toulon and expressing a hope that
these will result in drawing the two countries closer together, are extensively re
produced in and Indorsed by the French press to-day.
At the banquet at Toulon this evening In honor of the Duke of Genoa, Presi
dent Loubet proposed a joint toast to the King and Queen of Italy, former Queen
Margherita, the Duke of Genoa, the royal family of Italy, the Italian nation and
the Italian r.avy. The Duke of Genoa rplled, toasting the French President, the
French army, the French navy and the French nation. " M. Loubet then proposed
ICIng Alfonso XIII, the Queen Regent, the Spanish navy and the Spanish nation.
The President's third toast was introduced as follows: *
"Will the officers of the navy of his Majesty the Emperor of Russia," whose
flag ha.s been acclaimed here amid never-to-be-forgotten festivities, and will the
foreign officers deputed to come to Toulon who have been pleased to. sit at this
table Ii*pld«~iheir--Freacji «omra^des^P.ermiLjne^a.assocIai^i^e«*^H-«-toa^.-which.
I propose to the officers and crews%)f our r.avy? The same spirit of honor,' the
same habit of discipline and the same passion for danger have established a no
ble brotherhood among 1 the navies of all nations. It is only just to unite them In
one and the same tribute for the examples of solidarity and abnegation which
they give to humanity."
Czar's Warships Salute the President and
Thereby Take as Prominent Part as
Italy's Fleet in Riviera Fetes.
RUSSIA IS AN "ALLY"
OF FRANCE, FERVENTLY
DECLARES M. LOUBET
Continued on Page Two.
which .' says the- Chinese Minister there,
Yang. Tu,- gravely insulted Count Lams
dorff, the Russian Minister of Foreign Af
fairs, during, a discussion. of the Man
ichurian question, whereupon the Count or
dered the lackeys to put the Chinese Min
ister, out, and Yang Yu was thrown down
stairs and fatally injured In the head.
REMOVES STAIN OF SIEGE.
Naval Officials Believe That Captain
Hall Has Been Exonerated.
CALL BUREAU, ; 1406 G STREET, N.
W., "WASHINGTON, April 10.— Captain
Newt T. Hall, United States Marine
Corps, has been acquitted of the charge
of cowardice during the siege of the le
gations In Peking, by the court of Inquiry
which has been making an investigation
at Cavite.. '
This Is .the belief t of the Navy Depart
ment based upon a dispatch received from
Rear Admiral Remey, commander in chief
of the Asiatic station. Admiral Remey in
cluded Captain Hall in the list of changes
made by. him on the Asiatic . station, '.an
nouncing?'.that he had been transferred
from Cavite station to the Newark, which
is^underf orders to return to New. York.
Offlcais of the department point outthat
had the court rendered, a verdict against
Captain. Hall, lie would have been tried, by
court-martial ¦ on" the - Asiatic station- in
order: that -/witnesses "might be summoned
without "inconvenience. Sincere gratifica
tion isfelt in naval circles at the outcome
of : the ' investigation , not alone because of
the vindication of ' Captain Hall, : but be
cause the finding of the court removes : a
stain from the American guard at Peking,
which received international attention.
Captain Hall abandoned the- wall which
was part of the defenses of the ¦ legations
on the theory that it was untenable, and
he did not propose to expose his men.
Captain Myer, who commanded the ma
rine guard, agreed with Captain Hall as
to the untenability, of the position, but
deemed it advisable to hold it as long
as possible. ; In naval circles the belief
prevails that a "pettlcc-jat row," In which
the wife of one of the American officials
was Involved, was responsible for the
charge made against Captain Hall.
EOTH SIDES IN BETTER MOOD.
Russian and Japanese Papers Discuss
Manchurian Question.
ST. PETERSBURG, April 10.— The Rus
sian press Is abandoning that reserve with
which it first discussed the Government's
declaration on the subject of Manchuria.
It now declares that the* joy with ..which
the British press greeted China' s_ refusal
to sign the Manchurian agreement has
merely postponed the signing of a new un
derstanding with China, since the conven
tion would be advantageous to China.
One paper says: "Our London friends
overlooked the fact that in dissuadingthe
signing of the a gr eemenfc they '. did 'not
hasten the evacuation ~ot , Manchuria, but
strengthened Russia's position."
¦ , YOKOHAMA. April 10.— The Nishln
sfllrgi-Eshl, a leading newspaper, which
reflects the Government views, applauds
Russia's judgment and love of peace and
says the great desideratum r.ow;!s s the
restoration to the Chinese Government of
effective authority, adding: "Russia can
not justly be condemned for the adoption
of measures to protect rights acquired In
Manchuria. Under ,the present conditions
the duty of preserving order In Man
churia would devolve upon those respon
sible'for Russia's withdrawal.^ It would
not conduce to Japan's interests to accept
such a responsibility."
ATTACKS FLATT AMENDMENT.
in the Convention.
Gomez Makes an Impassioned Speech
/ HAVANA. April 10.— The Cuban consti
tutional : convention at ;- to-day's session
took ' no action regarding the proposal to
appoint fa ' commission to go to "Washing
ton in reference to the future relations be
tween Cuba and the . United States. The
' -s^ ALL. BUREAU!" 1406 :G: STREET,
/T-* N. W.. WASHINGTON, April 10.
Uk^v Besides directing Ro'ckhlll, -United
States'^ Commissioner.r in Peking,
to urge*" upon , his '': colleagues", the
necessity of reducing -the, amount of" the
indemnity to /be demanded -"of" China the
State Department; has; officially acquaint
ed the powers -with < its /view -that "in the
presentation of claims moderation/should
be- shown. ; ¦Allhough^f the -powers " have
given notice of the character of the claims
they propose to' file (and' which, Rockhlli
estimates -will I amount .^ to;- half, a 5 blllioii
dollars) four of the powers have not filed
final statements and' they will be'urged to
be. lenient. •;:' v ¦•;-• .¦. -> ¦¦; •¦' ¦ ¦,-..' .•'¦,•-¦.' ¦-.
Germany's 'claim. Rockhlll; wired to the
State 'Department? would reach anywhere,
from $70,000,000 to ?100,000,000," this, depend
ing upon the i length of time her troops
remain in ;¦ China. Every day's delay, in
their withdrawal r wilhmake an addition to
the German bill. ; It was estimated yes
terday that $8O,66o,0OO would coyer the Ger
man claim, but it was -admitted to-day
that the retention of "German 1 troops for
some months longer, as now seems to be
the intention, will bring it up to Rock
hill's, highest, figures. .. _/.,':,,¦ '¦[('¦
Officials here have given up. hope ..of th©
adoption by the powers of \ the proposition,
to refer the distribution of : the indemnity
t o - The "Hague conference, and it- now
seems to • be" understood that the powers
will arrange . that the lump' sum. agreed
upon be divided -in^proportion to. the
cieirils- of ' the various countries.
The Japanese Government is understood
to have submitted; an-additlonal^ proposal
to the powers' regarding Manchuria, but
its character cannot : be learned.
hlra, the ' Japanese i Minister, ¦ has
a dispatch from Tokio, announcing the re
ceipt of Japan : of a note practically iden
tical with that handed by- Count; Casslnl
to Secretary . Hay. "_\The Japanese Govern
ment ; is : -with"; Russia's * abandon
ment of the Manchurian convention, .and
while it does not wish Russia to "withdraw
before} th e allies" evacuate . the f province .of
Chili ': there ; is \ reason^ to v believe '¦, that it
desires ;*at- least-, a 'simultaneous 'evacua
tion,- or; some understanding, to^his end.
THRO WIT DOWN 7 THE ? STAIBS.
PARIS, " April i 10.— The i Patrle to-day
publishes aj'dispatch. from) St v Petersburg
Uew Version : of - the Cause of Yang
, Yii's Illness.
ss*s
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL.COLONEL.WALLACE RANDOLPH,
NEW CHIEF OF THE ARTILLERY
.CORPS. '• ' .
\t TT WASHINGTON, April lO.-The
' vvAV/ res^ ent has appointed Col
\W\M onel Wallace* Randolph chief
V • \y of the< Artillery Corps under
'.• , ; v ' , the provisions of the army re
organization act. He was formerly colonel
of the First Artillery and was stationed
at Sullivans Island, S. C. " . .
CHARLES B. WHITE AND HIS
BRIDE, WHO WAS MISS
BELLE R. SULLIVAN.
in the Catholic church at a nuptial high
mass by Father McNamee. The brides
maid was Miss Ethel Gillen of San
Francisco, a sister of the groom, and the
groomsman was Harry Pohlmann of San
Francisco. •
The bride is the daughter of Captain G.
Li. Anderson, local agent for the Pacific
Coast Steamship Company, and the groom
is a young business man of the drug firm
of Gillen & Trezoni.
After the mass a wedding breakfast was
served at the home of Mrs. Gillen's par
ents on Jordan street.
BACRAMENTO, April 10.— As the
bells ran* out the hour of high
noon to-day; Miss Belle R. Sulli
van was united in marriage to
Charles B. White by' Elder B.F.
Richards of San Francisco. The ceremony
occurred at the home' of the bride's pa
rents, Mr. and Mrs. C. L. Sullivan, at 2600
J street. . < • . . :
Bride and groom were unattended/ and
stood beneath a bell of smilax and rosesi
suspended In an arch, surrounded by elec
tric lights, about which- were twined
smilax and ferns. The "shades were drawn
and the > house was brilliantly lighted
throughout with electricity and decorated
with smilax and ferns. The bride was at
tended by Miss Alma Soule as flower girl.
An orchestra rendered Mendelssohn's wed
ding-march. After- the ceremony dainty
refreshments were served In the dining
room, . :¦, . . ¦¦¦•¦.
.The bride is the only daughter of Mr.
and Mrs. C. L. Sullivan of Sacramento, and
is well - known in the | social ¦ and musical
circles of this -city. She -is an accomp
lished pianist end is noted for her rare
beauty. /The groom is a son of J. M.
White of Auburn; a retired hardware, mer
chant. They were the recipients of many
beautiful presents. ' Only -relatives and
intimate friends were present. ¦ •' • • !
The honeymoon will be spent In "South
ern California, after, which Mr. and Mrs. .
White will take up their residence In
Truckee, where the groom holds the po
sition of agent for. the Southern Pacific
Compapy.
WEDDING AT SANTA CRUZ.
Charles J..Gillen and Miss May Jos
ephins Anderson United.
SANTA CRUZ. April lO.-Charles J. Gil
len and Miss May Josephine Anderson
were married this morning at 9:30 o'clock
COMMISSIONERS NAMED
TO CXEAH THE DOCKET
Numerous Officials Ar» Appointed in
Nebraska and Women Have First
Call as Stenographers.
OMAHA. Neb., April 10.— Under a recent
law the Supreme Court Justices have ap
pointed nine coadjutors or Supreme
Court Commissioners to help clear the
docket. To-morrow nine stenographers will
be appointed to assist the Commissioners.
A dispatch from Lincoln says several doz
en applicants ior positions as stenog
raphers attempted in vain to see the Com
missioners or Judges. A large percentage
of tb*m are women. Judge Norval inti
mated to a number of them that the ste
nographers will be women and that men
are not likely to be considered. ,
CHICAGO, April 10. — Improvement of
the Catholic educational system and plans
for unifying the educational work of the
church and raising It to a level in effec
tiveness with the State and non-sectarian
institutions for hlcher learning were dis
cussed to-day at the third annual con
vention of representatives of Catholic col
leges, which opened here to-day.
The convention will continue In session
three days and durlnjc that time many
important papers will be read and dis
cussed by leading church educators. Rep
resentatives were present at to-day's
meeting from nearly every Catholic col
lege and university of prominence in the
United States and Canada.
The convention began with the celebra
tion of mass by Father French of Notre
Dame College of St. James Church. The
active business of the convention was be
gun by the Right Rev. Monsignor Conaty.
D. D., rector of the Catholic University
at Washington and president of the asso
ciation, who called the convention to or
der and delivered his annual address. Ha
took for his subject the "Catholic Col
lege In the Twentieth Century."
"Unification of education under State
control," said he, "has established a
mighty machine of secularized instruc
tion which threatens to destroy all pri
vate efforts either on the part of in
dividuals or the church. It is Important
to meet unification by unification, so to
strengthen the Catholic educational sys
tem that it may defend Itself against all
attacks and save the religious instruction
of its people from the dangers of non-re
ligious instruction. It is important to
realize the meaning of the facts which
face us and which our educators must
meet. < V -
"Among these facts must be recognized
— first, the State school system with ita
rapidly increasing high school and even,
college development; second, the tendency
to do away with the college by uniting
the higher school to the university: third,
the establishment of educational institu
tions of all sorts, endowed by the private
munificence of non-Catholics and attract
ing Catholic students because these
schools have not the character of State
institutions; fourth, the tendency of the
universities to control'- the State schools,
to dictate the examination of teachers and
to demand the university degree or ap
proval as a condition of appointment.
"The truth of these facts is daily beinj
manifested in the schools of many of our
larger cities. To offset these facts there
Is the splendid effort made by the Cath
olic church in building its schools every
where, its academies, colleges and uni
versities, spending last year $250,000 for
education, principally in parochial
schools."
Unification of Education Under State
Control, He Says, Threatens to ,,
Destroy All Private
Effort.
Addresses Chicago
Convention.
Catholic University Rector
NAMES DANGERS
TO THE SCHOOLS
,. NEW, 1 YORK, April 10.— The Journal says: Financiers are 6ertain " that--a
gigantic copper trust .will be created very "soon! They declare the" copper trust
will ultimately have a capitalization almost equal to that of the billion-dollar
steel trust. The same multi-millionaires will father both. It may be made up
at first of a number of correlative concerns, all with one selling agent, the United
States Metal Selling t Company, and all with iron-bound contracts with* that agent
which will absolutely fix and control, the price of copper. The United States
Metal Selling Company, as sales agent, can or will have contracts .with the
Amalgamated Copper- Company, the American Smelting and Refining Company,
including M. Guggenheim's Sons, Senator Clark's Montana mines, the great
Boston and Montana mine, near Butte; and many mines in Northern Michigan.
Continued From Page One.
AMERICAN GOVERNMENT URGES MODERATION OF INDEMNITY CLAIMS
BILLION-DOLLAR COPPER TRUST
BEING CONSIDERED BY FINANCIERS
James-Elected Moderator.
' SANTA":ROSA| :Anr!l" 10.— The Benicla
Presbytery, now in. session, here, has elect
ed the Rev. David James of San Rafael
moderator for the ensuing term.
PRESIDENT GREETS
- .V "LOYAL LEGION MEN
Next Quadrennial Meeting of the
Military Order to Be Held
in This City.
WASHINGTON, April 10.— The • ninth
quadrennial congress of the military or
der of the Loyal Legion and the fourth
general xeunlon of the order convened
fccre to-day with 157 members present.
to the constitution, offered
wy the various commanderies, were re,
terred to a committee of seven, which met
Jate this afternoon. At noon the mem
bers proceeded to the White House, where
they were received by the President In
the East Ro6m. After the presentation
the old soldiers sang '•Columbia, the Gem
of the Ocean." The President joined in
s he chorus and appeared as enthusiastic
as the rest.
It was decided on motion of Companion
Smedburg of the California Commandery
to hold the next quadrennial meeting in
San Francisco. The date for the meetin"
}s provided for by the constitution of the
organization and will fall on the Wednes
day succeding April 9.
LOVE FOR HIS ART
; MAKES HIM A SUICIDE
Fourteen-Year-Old Boy Hangs Hiin-
tinue Study.
self Because He Could Not Con-
CHICAGO, April 10.— Willie Crossman,
34 yc-ars old, committed suicide to-day by
hanging himself from a. bedpost In his
room at his home on West Taylor street
because of despondency over the poverty
of Mb parents, which prevented him from
pursuing his studies in painting and draw
ing, for which he had considerable-natural
ability.
Works Near Santa
• ' Cruz.
INHALES DEADLY FUMES; ;
OF EXPLODING POWDER
Chester Shepard Loses His Life in'tha
SANTA CRUZ, April 10.-^-Chester Shep
ard was killed and. Philip Curtis badly
burned by an explosion at the California
Powder Works at 8 o'clock this morning.*
Shepard was' employed In the shot gun
smokeless plant. Around the still- flakes
of powder gather and Shepard was re
moving this with a copper spud. Sud
denly it became ignited and there was a
flash, Shepard met death by inhaling the
flames and fumes. He was not disfigured,
except for some burns about his hands.
Above Shepard, over the still Philip
Curtis, the foreman of the plant; was
watching him' at work. Curtis was badly
burned about the face, and hands, but will
recover. No damage was done- to, the
building.
Shepard was the son of Mr. and Mrs.
Frank Shepard.' He was a native of this
State and 19 years of age.. .
Of Interest to the Coast.
WASHINGTON, D. C.,' April 10.— G. B.
Green of West Seattle, King ;; County,
Wash., has been appointed postmaster,
vice R. R. Brown, resigned.
Medical Inspector James R. Waggener,
detached, in charge of 'the • Cavite ' Hos
pital, has been ordered to Maryland Hos
pital, for disability. ' • . < - . '
Pensions issued to-day were: California
—Original— John Barrett, Soldiers Home,
Los Angelesr $6; Albert B. Cooper, Colusa,
$6; John M. Mitten, Los Angeles. $6. War
with Spain— Original— Frank J.' Earl f San
Francisco,' $24. ' : . . . '
Oregon— Original— John P. Coulter, Can
by, $6. Washington — Original— Lawrence
W. Results. Toledo, 56. Original widows-
Catherine Jennings/Spokane, $8; Myra
Evan Windle", Auburn, $8. ' •
' Following are the receipts of the post
offices named for March, 1901— San Fran
cisco, • $96,192; increase ¦ over March, 1900,
$4047; Los' Angeles. $25,969; increase over
March; 1900. $4402. Portland, Or., $22,262; in
crease over March, 1900, $3674.
Thompson Grets Seven Years.
¦ SANTA-, ' ROSA, ' April ' 10.— E. .; King
Thompson," convicted last week of stealing
the hard r earned savings 'of Miss. Josie
Walker, a fellow employe at the Pioneer
steam 'laundry, was to-day sentenced by
Judge Burnetf to seven years in San
Quentin.* 1 The amount stolen was $80.
Tvro. Seamen Perish in 'Fire.
\ VANCOUVER. B.C., April ' 10.— The
Royal City; a small steamer plying on the
Fraser -River.Vwas burned at, the wharf
at Mission ¦Junction,' B.C., . to-day. • Two
of the * crew,*. Frank -'Edwards and-Paul
Porter,, were 'burned *¦ to death, j The hull
is now sunk beside the Mission .wharf. ;
this declaration as made in entire good
faith, and, like* the United States, it is
quite satisfied to leave the Manchurian
question in its present status. The as
surances given by Rus3la are of such a
character that the. Japanese authorities
confidently look forward to a course of
action which will remove the perplexity
and dangers in which the issue has been
involved thus far. As the other powers
already have indicated their acceptance
of; the Russian declaration, the course Of
Japan removes the last possibility of di
vision and appears to restore the harmoni
ous concert which has thus far proceeded
to dealing with China.
DESTRTJCTION OF THE FORTS.
Ministers Will Consider This Import-
ant Subject To-Day.
PEKING, April 10.— A meeting of the
Ministers of the powers will be held to
morrow to consider, the report of the
generals on. articles VIII and IX of the
joint note, referring respectively' to the
destruction of the forts which might ob
struct free : communication betwet n
Peking and the sea and the • military
occupation of certain points. In order to
maintain communication between Peking
and the sea. !
They Also Capture and Torture a
The Belgians, who have missions. in tha
disturbed district of Mongolia, say they
do not believe the rebellion will make
much headway. . '
ERIGANDS DESTROY TOWNS
French Priest at Thibet.
SHANGHAI, April 10.— Brigands have
destroyed three towns in Thibet. They
also captured and tortured, according to
French afivices, a French priest named
Mussot. The Viceroy of the- province of
Szechuen, at the^request of the French
Consul, has sent a force to rescue Mussot.
Along the Water Front of
Eureka.
RAILWAY COMPANY
GETS A FRANCHlkb
. ¦
Given Permission to Lay Tracks
\ EUREKA, April 10.— The City Council
has granted the franchise of the Cali
fornia and Northern Railroad / Com
pany, a corporation of which John L. Kos
ter of the California Barrel Company ra
the leading spirit. This company is now
bjUllding , between here and Arcata, and
Intends to extend the road to Crescent
City. Much of the railway Is completed to
Arcata. The franchise allows the com
pany to lay a track along the" water front.
: The action of the Council Is. the enter
ing wedge toward a settlement of the rail
road question .which has been agitated lor
three years. The franchise is satisfactory
to the citizens, as it is not exclusive. It
gives all roads the right to use the track
by' paying a reasonable toll. The Eureka
and Klamatb/ River Railroad Company's
franchise will come up for passage in two
weeks. The general impression is that
the Council will pass it.
Run Over by a Buggy.
I SAN JOSE, April 10.— Gertie, the eight
year-old daughter of James Casley, a
street 'contractor, was 'run over by a bug
gy driven by Mrs. Shaw of Berryessa at
noon to-da:' and sustained a fracture of
the skull which probably will prove fatal
The little girl had just left the yard of
the Grand .School and ran. into the street
backward. Teachers of the school say no
blame attaches m Mrs. Shaw.
to the society will not be less than eight cr
ten thousand gold .dollars, including the neces
sary expense of getting workers to places of
safety and back again to their stations. All
of our foreign superintendents . were saved.
We have to. mourn the loss of many noble and
devoted native workers. They, were warned. of
the risk they were running, but not a man of
the noble band of eighteen ninched. Their re
ply was "We go on a colportage tour. .Gods
will be done." Only four of the eighteen re
turned from that journey. The 'homes of these
martyrs were looted and burned and their
families -exterminated. Those who- survived
escaped to the mountains, where they suffered
terrible privations, and managed to get back
to Peking after it. was captured- by the allied
armies. Of the ! colporteurs under missionary
supervision • 1 have not heard of one - who
escaped. In. eome other parts of China, col
porteurs endured terrible persecution, and some
of them are only now venturing out of hiding.
More than 40,000 native converts (Including
Roman Catholics) met death with a heroism
worthy of the best age of the church.
DISPELS ALARMING REPORTS.
Position of Japan the Same as Tha'c
of America.
WASHINGTON, April 10.— The Japanese
Minister, Mr. Takahira, to-day received
official advices from the Foreign Office at
Tokio entirely dispelling the alarming re
ports as to a Russo-Japanese rupture and
showing that the Japanese Government
accepted the- latest declaration of Russia
on Manchuria \ with the .same sense of
satisfaction that it had been received with
in the United States. Takahira called at
the State Department and informed Sec
retary Hay of the gratifying turn 'of
events* : i-*- ¦ ¦ *.¦¦** -
The position of Japan, as now, defined in
the highest official quarters, is practically
the same as that of the United States. A
copy of the recent Russian communication
was delivered to ; Japan the same time it
was given- to this Government. Although
the texts differ slightly, they are alike in
all material 'points. The Japanese Gov
ernment now makes known that it accepts
FAULTY CONSTRUCTION
. OF AGNEWS COTTAGES
Criticisms , Made by Dr.
. Crane. .
Architect Beck Confirms ths Sharp
SAN JOSE, April 10.— At the meeting of
the Agnews' Asylum trustees to-day
Architect Thomas Beck,' who had been
selected to examine Into the faulty con
struction : of cottages referred to by Su
perintendent Crane at, the last meeting
cf.' the board, confirmed the ' sharp crit
icisms made by Dr.; Crane. At some
length hte specified leaky roofs, cracks in
basement floors, poor plastering," faultily
set- floor jams, poorly, arranged smoke
btacks, bad concrete work and exterior
rrnamental work. He said that as he had
bad : no I boportunlty ' for examining the
plans and * specifications • for . these ¦¦- build
ings, he could not tell to what extent,
they had' been violated. By- inference he
laid the blame upon "the contractor.
Frank Davis, and the superintendent of
construction, . Fred : Coffin..
y"It\is not conceivable," ' said he, "that
an architect • who had been employed to
design a : public '. building, .which j very
term -conveys the idea of- strength 'and
durability,' should 'not have provided for
the best of materials and reasonably re
spectable ..workmanship." . ,'
The report specifies the necessary re
pairs. These repairs are now. in progress
under • the ¦ direction :, of a special com
mittee. •. - ' - . - •_ •'•;."-¦*
If you fcaveRh«"jm«t!sm.TrriteDr. Saoop.Raciae.
¦U*is-,boxlJ7.for six bottles of hJsUheamaticCure.
-vnresg paid. Send no money. Pay 50.50 ir cured*
A Month's Test Free.
ARMIJO CLUB' OPENS •
ITS DOORS ' IN. STJISUN
Cosy Social Retreat Provided by the
Enterprise of Leading
Citizens.
SUISUN. April 10.— One of the most in
teresting social* events which has ever
taken place in Sulsun was the opening
of the Armijo Club rooms this evening.
There were many visitors from the sur
rounding towns, and the elegant new
quarters of the club were crowded to
their utmost capacity. The rooms are
large and spacious and were beautifully
decorated with potted plants, palms and
flowers. The opening ceremonies con
sisted of orchestral music by San Fran
c'sco musicians, selections by local sing
ers, recitations and other exercises of a
literary character.
The Armijo Club was organized on
April 27, 1900, and after a vain endeavor
to induce local capitalists to erect a
building for its use, Some of the leading
f pirlts conceived the idea of organizing
ft stock company. The company was or
ganized and in a short time enough stock
was subscribed to insure the success of
the undertaking. A suitable location was
procured at a cost of ,$800 and the con
tract Immediately let for a $5000 build
ing. The structure is of the Spanish mis
sion style of architecture, und Is one of
the most Imposing and substantial in the
ccunty. It was recently completed and
has been furnished by the club at a cost
of about $2000. A library of more than
1000 volumes has been obtained and every
comfort and convenience has been sup
plied. No rural social \ club in California
has better headquarters than the Armijo
Club. The club begins with a member
ship of over ninety.
PHYSICIANS EXAMINE
CARTER IN PRISO-rf
Pormer Captain Who Defrauded the
Government Is Said to Be in
" Good Health.
LEAVENWORTH, Kans., April " 10.—
United States District Attorney Lambert,
accompanied by Dr. L. D. Jacobs, chief
sursreon of the Atchison, TJopeka and San
ta Fe Railway, and Dr.- S. H. Munn, chief
surgreon of the Rock Island, both of To
peka, were here to-day under orders to
make a physical and mental examination
of Oberlin M. Carter, confined in the Fed
eral prison for conspiring to defraud the
Government at Savannah, Ga.
Drs. J. L». Weaver, L.. G. Phillips and
James A. Lane of this city were selected
to assist in the examination. Carter was
taken to the prison hospital, where he
was subjected to a thorough examination.
"While none of the physicians desired to
be quoted, it was learned that Carter is
in perfect health, mentally and physically,
and is in no dancer of breaking: down.
The report of .the physicians is in the
hands of the United States District At
torney, who will forward it to Washing
ton. . *
PROSPECTORS DISCOVER
OIL IN NEW MEXICO
mand Near Deniing: Gives Indications
of Furnishing a Rich Supply
to a New Com-
pany.
EL PASO, Tex., April 10.— Much excite
ment has been created here by the discov
ery of oil hear Demlng, . New Mexico,
eighty miles wc?st of \his city, by El Paso
prospectors. ' Samples of the oil exhib
ited here are reported to be of. the best
quality. A company was quickly organ
ized, headed by Thomas O'Keefe, and
took up 1600 acres of land, j
The land located runs on an oil belt
five miles long, which has been tested
the entire length with a needle drill, and
every test shows the presence of cil of
excellent quality. Experts who have ex
amined the oil find say it will prove equal
if not superior to any Texas oil proper
ties. The company will at once buy ma
chinery and sink a well.
SUIT FOR POSSESSION
OF BALAKLAVA MTNTE
Action That Involves a Tender of
Payment Made. by
Telephone.
REDDING, April 10.— The biggest min
ing suit ever tried in Shasta County will
come up for a hearing before Judge
Sweeny in the Superior Court to-morrow.
It is the suit of the Balaklava Mining
Company vs. the Iron Mountain Invest
ment Company, the development branch
of-- the Mountain Copper Company, for
possession of the big Balaklava copper
mine near Copley and for $25,000 damages
and costs. Charles P. Eells of San Fran
cisco will appear for the Iron Mountain
Company and his former partner, Mr.
McCutchen, for t!he plaintiff. The suit
was to. have been tried by jury, but this
has been waived.
The action arises from a bond in the
sum of 1200,000 which the Iron Mountain
Company held upon the, Balaklava. It i3
said the case involves a tender of pay
ment made by telephone after bank hours
on the last day of the bond's life. * The
Iron Mountain Company has retained pos
session of a portion of the property. It is
reported* that other buyers are offering a
large sum for the 3alaklava and that if
the suit is lost the mine will become the
property of the Mountain Copper- Com
pany.
• '•
MURDERS HIS BRIDE
AND ENDS HIS LIFE
Reading of Novel About Bluebear-1
Believed to Have Prompted ¦
a Youth to Crime. '
| LOUISVIbLE, April ' lO.-Temporarily
crazed, it Is believed, by the reading of
"The Fate of Bluebeard's Wife," Henry
Devere, aged 20 years, at 1:30 this morning
cut the throat of Bertha Devere, his 19
year-old bride of two months. After kill-
Ing his wife he cut his ' own throat and
died almost instantly.
The tragedy took place at the home of
Mrs. Devere' s father, James Edlen, 1410
Twenty-second street. In his dresser was
found the novel, in which the killing of a
wife by her husband is detailed at con
siderable length. The * Indications " are
that Devere sat up until after midnight
last night reading this book and that it
finally prompted him to murder and sui
cide. ' ,
•CHARGE A WATCHMAN
WITH TERRIBLE CRIME*
Montana Jury Declares That John
Warne Caused the Death of
Evelyn Blewett. .
BUTTE, Mont., April 10.— After a three
days' session, the jury in the case of little
Evelyn Blewett, whose body was nearly
consumed in the burning of the watch
man's cabin at the waterworks, this even
ing brought in a verdict that she came to
her death "by being struck with a blunt
instrument, and in the opinion of the jur
ors the cabin was set on fire to conceal
the crime of assault;- and further.- it < is
the opinion of the jury that the said blow
was struck and assault committed by
John Warne, the watchman at the reser
voir." ; .
Wame is now in Anaconda and still pro
tests his Inocence. .
Find No Evidence to Connect Him
With the Killing of Murderer ! ,
Alexander.
AUTHORITIES AT YTJMA. '¦'
RELEASE S AMXTEIi KING
TUCSON. Ariz... April lO.-Samuel Kiiig'
who was arrested at Yuma vesterdav on
suspicion in connection with the killing
of Joseph Alexander, was released to-day
No evidence could be obtained which Jus
tified the officers in" holding him .The
shooting of Alexander while he was" beiri"
taken -to the penitentiary to serve a lite
sentence for the killing of Mrs. J. J. Burns
remains a mystery.' . : ¦
Frank King and Sainuel King '» are still
at Yuma attending tne trial of Miller and
Fain, two other men who are held re
sponsible with Alexander for the murdpr
of their sister. . ¦
Salt Lake City Men Seek a
Southern Pacific Road
Extension.
SALT LAKE, Utah, April 10.— Art In
formal meeting of business men was held
here to-night for the purpose of taking
necessary action toward Inducing the
Southern Pacific Railroad Company to
build to this city. A committee of three
was appointed to ascertain what the road
would require in the way of terminal
facilities.
A resolution was passed that the com
mittee be authorized and instructed to
notify the railroad ofiicials of the appoint
ment of the committee and that the meet
ing was unanimously In favor of offering
every inducement to the Southern Pa
cific Railway to come to Salt Lake City
by the route lying to the south of the
•lake. The meeting was largely represen
tative of business interests of the city.
NEW YORK. An it 10.— The Evening
Post says: It becamt known to-day that
a special meeting of the directors of the
Chicago and Northwestern Railway had
treen called for April 15 in this city and
that the Omaha directors will meet on the
6anie day.
Wall street guessed that this meeting
meant an increase i:i the Northwestern's
common share dividend, which Is now ii
per cent, and It was also suggested that
a revaluation of the company's holdings
cf Omaha shares, acquired in 1SS2, would
be made in connection with the dividend
action, or in furtherance of some other
plans. No official corroboration of these
reports could be obtained, however.
In some quarters it was believed likely
that the closing of 'the Burlington deal
on behalf of the Great Northern and
Northern Pacific railroads might have
been the direct reason for the special
meeting of the Northwestern directors.
The extension of the direct Interests and
Influence of the North Pacific roads into
territory they have never occupied before
and into direct competition with the
Northwestern has aroused the latter com
pany's directors and there is a possibility
that they may propose retaliatory meas
ures.
TAX COLLECTOR'S DEMAND
THE CAUSE OF A STRIKE
Company Rather Than' Submit
to Garnishment.
Ivm Hundred Men Leave an Alabama
BIRMINGHAM. Ala.. April 10.— The
plant of the Dimmick Pipe Company at
North Birmingham, employing 200 men,
closed down because a deputy tax collec
tor served garnishments o'n the employes
for the non-payment of polltax. Many of
the men quit work, causing the plant to
shut down. Efforts are being made to re
sume operations to-morrow. •
UTAH ANXIOUS
FOR NEW RAILS
PARIS, April 10.— Le Siecle, the leading
Bn*yfusite organ in France, and the most
persistent champion of Great Britain in
the Transvaal, to-day announces its fail
ure and sale at auction. M. Yves Guyot,
the editor, published a long review of the
paper's career, in which he recalls the
fact that Le Siecle first published the in
dictment against Dreyfus, which up to
that time was a secret. He admits the
policy of the paper failed to nnd sufficient
readers to make it pay.
"France," he says, "is nqw oscillating
between the Clerical and .the Socialist par
ties' programme. Le Siecle was support
ing the policy of the liberal democracy,
free from clericalism and socialism, which
France needs to spare her from future
upheavals. Le Selcle has not succeeded
in fathering enough patronage to enable
it to attain this result."
The explanation of the collapse of Le
Siecle is undoubtedly that the French peo
ple are heartily sick of the Dreyfus af
fair, and, new that Dreyfus is free, ap
prove the policy of M. "Waldeck-Rousseau
in allowing the matter to sink into ob
livion. The large circulation which Le
Siecle enjoyed up to the time of the
Rennes trial dwindled .rapidly away when
the verdict was followed by Dreyfus' re
lease, and the attempt to keep ; the agita
tion alive by unceasing demands for. the
punishment of, General Mercler and oth
ers responsible for the conviction of Drey
fus failed to enlist new sympathizers.
The unpopularity of Ue Siecle increased
when it daily published unstinted ¦ praise
of Great Britain and denunciation of the
Boers, until it became regarded as the
mouthpiece of Joseph Chamberlain, and
to-day s'anouncement did not come as a
surprise.
Famous Le Siecle of Paris
Forced to Suspend
• Publication.
AUCTION ENDS
DREYFUS PAPER
KANSAS CITY, April 10.— Edward King,
an American, formerly a bnakeman on the
Mexican Central Railway, left to-day for
the City of Mexico for trial on April 15,
having been on parole. . Like fifty-three
other Americans now in jail 'in the City of
Mexico, King is a victim of the law that
calls for the arrest of the entire crew of
any train in case a Mexican is killed In a
wreck. Since November 13 last he has
been in the stockade. He obtained a
parole, and coming to the United States
laid his case before Secretary Hay at
Washington. Secretary Hay, he says, ad
vised him to honor his parole, go back and
wait for his trial. King's ca.se had al
ready been postponed several times and he
fears it will not come to trial on the date
set. If he secures no trial. Secretary Hay
promised, he said, to take action In his be
half. - ¦•
"I am afraid they will treat me more
severely than the others when I get
back," said King. "If I get no help I will
starve to death. Our fare is tortillas, a
sort of corncake, beans and coffee. For
over two months I lived on it. As far
as that goes, we in the City of Mexico are
not so badly off as fifteen poor fellows in
the salt mines of Saltesno, 400 kilometers
north of there. They have been working
underground four years and have never
seen the sun In all that time."
American Brakeman Must
Stand Trial and May Be
Imprisoned. •
FEARS THE LAW
OF MEXICANS
CHICAGO. April 10.— Armour Institute
in this city, which owes its existence to
the late Philip D. Armour, will to-morrow
receive an addition, to its endowment of
$1,000,000, the money coming from Mrs. P.
D. Armour and J. Ogden Armour, the
widow and son of its founder.
The announcement of the proposed gift
•was a surprise even to the officials of the
Institution. It is expected that the money
¦will be used to extend the scope of the
institution in electrical and chemical engi
neering. The Institute is now in a very
prosperous condition, having an endow
ment of $2,'3OO/KK), all of which .was given
by tha late /Mr^ Armour. A part oX/the
increased endowment will be used to ex
t<n<1 the. facilities of the institute. It being
difficult for It at' the present to accom
cicriate all the students . desiring admls-
Slrm.
An added interest attaches to the. dona
tion from the fact that P- D/ Armour, at
his death, failed to inake any provision
in his v.ill for the ¦ school of technology,
which he founded and which had gained
a reputation that vied with that of any
nthcr school of its character in the United
tPtates. There was general surprise mani
fested At the time of the probate of Mr.
Armour's will that the institution which
hoTf. his name and which had been con
sidered by his friends as one of his hob
bies had been practically Ignored. It was
asserted at the time that Mr. Armour,
roiifident that his family would regard
the school as a sacred trust, had deter
mined to leave its future in their hands
without any hindrance, and it was said
that the institute would not be allowed
to puffer and deteriorate by his family.
The truth of this was demonstrated to-
Oay.
The donation will not in any way re
tard the negotiations losing to the affil
iation of the institute wHi the University
of Chicago. It is understood that J. Og
den Armour is to make the institute the
greatest of its character in mechanical
engineering in the world. The money will
not. however, be devoted to that branch
alone. The civil engineering course par
ticularly will be augmented.
Son of -the Late Philanthropist Pro
poses to Immensely Enlarge the
Scope of the Famous
Establishment.
Celebrated Chicago Institute
to Receive a Large
. Donation.
ARMOUR'S WIDOW
GIVES A MILLION
- NEW YORK," April 10.— Benjamin Forst,
a broker and member of the Consolidated
Exchange, committed suicide to-day in
the Hoffman House. After a night of
meditation, spent- no . one seems j to know
where, he went to the 'hotel at 5 o'clock
this morning and was found dying three
hours later. A bottle which had contained
carbolic acid was found in the room.
Forst had outstanding debts amounting
to, $100 at the close of business'In the Con
solidated Exchange yesterday and was
suspended, and this is believed to have
been the cause of his suicide.-
•I. Sonnenberg, with whom Forst had
desk room, said that Forst had lost more
than $325,000 in stock dealings, but that
his credit was high on the exchange. He
added that there was no need for him to
kill himself, for he had a deal on hand
that might have netted him a lot 5 of
money. Forst is said to have cleared
much money on the Letter wheat- deal
some years aro. and at the time of the
Flower Brooklyn Rapid Transit deal he
cleared $100,000. In some quarters there
was an impression that Forst was worth
at least half a million. . ; . •¦ ¦..'..
New YorTs. Broker Ends Life
• With Carbolic Acid in .
'- V a Hotel. - .
HARTFORD, Conn.,' April 10.— Action
was begun in the "United State3 Circuit
Court here to-day by Mrs.' Helen Potts
Hall j of New York for the recovery of
her alleged share in the millions of the
late George F. Gilman of Bridgeport. Mrs.
Hall declares that she is the adopted
daughter of Gilman and brings her ac
tion through her brother, Frank G. Potts,
against the Bridgeport Trust Company aa
administrator of the Gilman estate and
against George W. Smith of Bridgeport as
ireceiver. : . .
The bill of complaint declares that Gil
man - was engagred in the tea business in
copartnership with George H. Hartford,
and that they had about 209 stores in the
United States. . This part of the complaint
is interesting because it has been under
stood that the Bridgeport Trust Company,
as administrator, takes the position that
Mr. Hartford ,was manager only and not
a part owner in the tea business. .
After estimating the value of the estate
at more than $1,500,000, the complainant
says the property came into Mrs. Hall's
possession at the time' of Gilman's death
and- there remained until she was . forci
bly ousted by the defendants. For sev
eral years prior to Gilman's death, con
tinues the complaint, he, having conceived
a- strong personal regard for Mrs. Hall,
adopted her as his daughter and she be
came a member of his household, render
ing to him the obedience of a natural
daughter. • •
On or about November 1, 1900, It is al
leged, Gilman entered into an agreement
with Mrs. Hall, that if she would continue
to Jive with him as a daughter until his
death she would then be entitled to all
his property, . both real and personal, as
fully, and to. the same extent as if she
were his natural daughter. The complairt
ajit claims that she has fulfilled her part
of the agreement., She states further that
none, of the relatives lived on intimate
terms with Gilman, but, on the contrary,
they had for many, years been estranged
from him and^eome were hostile to him,
and that Gilman failed to make a will and
died intestate. . . .
The complainant asks for a writ of In
junction perpetually enjoining the Bridge
port Trust Company, as administrator of
the estate, from interfering with the busi
ness conducted by the Great American
Tea Company; that the Bridgeport Trust
Company. deliver to the complainant such
assets as remains in its hands in. like
manner as if she were the sole heir and j
next of : kin of t.h« deceased. -
• A preliminary injunction is also asked
for restraining the company from further
interference with the tea company dur
ing the pendency of this action. A writ
of subpena directed to the trust company
commanding It to appear in court and an
swer to the complaint is ¦ likewise asked
for. The complainant further asks that
George W. Smith, th^ receiver, who claims
to have an interest' in the estate, be en
joined from maintaining the same. • The
writ of subpena is made returnable to the
Circuit Court the first Monday of May.
TRIVIAL DEBTS
CAUSE SUICIDE
Mrs. Helen Potts Hall of
New York Begins the
Contest at Law.
She' Declares She Is an Adopted
-/ I>aughter and Is Entitled to !
a Share of the For- ,
tune'. • •;'•;'
SUES TO GAIN
GILMAN'S COIN
WED BENEATH AN ARCH
OF SMLAX AND ROSES
THE SAN EBANCISCO OALLj THCESpAT,.APEiLll, 1901;
RANDOLPH WILL RULE
THE CORPS OF ARTILLERY
2
To Cure a ; Cold in One Day.' .,* '
Take Laxative. Bromo-Qulnine Tablets, :25c. ,•
ADVERTISEMENTS^
IT IS IMPORTANT.
To Knijw "What You Are Taking
When Using Catarrh Medicines.
Catarrh Is the short route to consump-
tion and the importance of early and Judi-
cious treatment of catarrh, whether locat-
ed in the head, throat or bronchial tube.-..
cannot be too strongly emphasized.
The list of catarrh cures is as long as
the moral law and the forma in which
I they are administered, numerous and cou-
1 fusing, from sprays, Inhalers, washes.
! ointments, and salves to powders, liquid*
¦ and tablets. •
The tablet form Is undoubtedly the moat
. convenient and most effective, but with
nearly all advertised catarrh remedies it
is almost entirely a matter of guesswork
as to what you are taking Into your sys-
tem, as the proprietors, while making all
sorts of claims as to what their medicines
will do, always keep it a close secret as to
what they are.
The success and popularity of the new
catarrh cure, Stuart's Catarrh Tablets. Is
largely because It not only cures catarrh
but because catarrh sufferers who use
these tablets know what they are taking
into their systems. Stuart's Catarrh Tab-
lets being composed of Eucalyptol, Hy-
drastin, Guaicol and similar valuable anil
antiseptic Ingredients, and are pleasant to
the taste and being dissolved In the mouth
they take Immediate pffect upon the mu-
cous lining of the throat, nasal passages
and whole respiratory tract.
The cures that Stuart's Catarrh Tablets
have accomplished In old chronic cases of
cativrh are little nhort of remarkable,
and the advantage of knowing what you
are putting into your stomach is of para-
mount importance when It is remembered
that the cocaine or morphine habit has
been frequently contracted as the result
of using secret catarrh remedies.
Stuart's Catarrh Tablets meet with cor-
dial approval from physicians, becauso
their antiseptic character renders them
perfectly safe for the general public to
use and their composition makes them a
common-sense cur© for all forms of ca-
tarrhal troubles. . '„ rn t " 1
All druggists sell them at 50 centa for
full sized packages. ;_^
OR. MEYERS &C0, j^9S&
, Specialists. Dls- &&& f
ease and Weakness |Gh/
of men. E3tab- 7v«£ *Z&&p(<&r\
Hshed 1SS1. Consul- U| f {ZSSPT&lf '
tatlon and private VJ fa I /-A I
book free, at office MBjiJiJ jWS«i
or by mail. Cures Wtfiim&SFSf-
guaranteed. 731 sa&wU^Bf
Market street (ele- jL^iS^rUW
v a t o r entrance;. >^stVjfr'l%Jaw^
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES. '
Catalogues and Pfrlea Lists Mall 3 i
on Application.
- COAL, COKE A>D PIQ IRON*.
J.C WILSON ft CO., Jttl.te
COPPERSMITH. ¦ •
CW* ISi p S UI £ bIns - Steamboat aa.l
. JJ, w. V Shl S ?• 0Tk a "Pecialty. IS aad
18 Washineton «t. Telephone Main 5ML
FRESH AND SAL r MEATS
OILS.
LCB J?. IC^ TI^ G °l !LS » LEOXARD A ELLI*.
US Front »t.. S. T. I'hone Main 1713.
i HU1NTING."
EC HUGHES, •«„ -gSTg-,, r ,
PRINTEtt.s. BO-Kdl.NUi;.^. ~
THE H1CKS-JUDD CO..
. n First ritr»»t. San frranctico.
• ¦; STATIONER AND PRJ.NTH».
KG Catiforn'.a p » i)TQ I n r, U TelegraBhlo
, Street. rAdiKVJ\lb Cod£ "DASHING JtRMY OFFICER AND THE BEAUTIFUL AND ACCOM
PLISHED YOUNG SAN FRANCISCO GIRL. WHO WERE MARRIED IN
ST. LUKE'S EPISCOPAL CHURCH LAST EVENING.
GRASS VALLBT, April 10,-The death
of Hon. John F. Kidder, State Debris
Commissioner, occurred at his home in
this city this morning at 7 o'clock. Early
last evening he had a succession of sink-
Ing spells. After they passed Mr. Kidder
began breathing heavily, which continued
to weaken him until death came this
morning. His wonderful vitality has sur-
FOOTPAD BB.TJTALLY .
AiSSATJXTS A "VVOKLAN
Mrs. J. G. Taylor of Los Angeles
Struck on. the Head With a
Sandbag. } . •
LOS ANGELES. April- 10.— Mrs.' J. G.
Taylor, a cripple, who lives with the fam
ily • of her brother-in-law, W. ; F. Shelley,
at 1111 ? 'Alvarado street, ¦-"was assaulted
early : last evenlns by a .footpad near the
corner of Alvarado and Twelfth streets
and severely.: beaten ' about the head with
a sandbag. > But for the fact that her head
¦was somewhat protected . by a large ; hat
her Injuries would probably have been-se
rious. ¦ -.-¦'•:} ' • •'« • . /''*,:,
¦ . Mrs - Taylor . screamed and ran toward
Dr. Cross', .~ pharmacy. Dr. Cross heard
her and ran to her assistance, whereupon
the footpad made his escape. -The motlvo
for j the • assault can * only . be • conjectured,'
but the ixilice are, inclined to believe that
it was oth«r than robbery. '-
THE opening ceremonies of the
exhibition of Industrial and al
lied arts toc-k, place last evening
at- the Mechanics' Pavilion. In
the afternoon a "private view"
wa3 permitted to guests of the ladies of
the California Club.. ~
On all hands it was agreed that the Cal
ifornia Club has much exceeded Its effort
in this, direction of two years ago. The
art .gallery of . tho pavilion . has been
turned into an admirably arranged ex
hibition room,, simply and gracefully dec
orated with . evergreens and the varied
things of that are on show. The
most remarkable feature of the exhibition
Is the excellent collection of pictures that
have been gathered. These, ' mostly
very jwell I hung, occupy the ' entire
space at the farther end o'f the gallery,
and in the 181 specimens exhibited will be
found the names of most of the prom
inent artists of California. Keith 'is well
represented with a trio of fine landscape?;
Mrs., Mary Curtis Richardson has a beau
tifully toned child portrait;, two of the
late R. D. Yelland's landscapes are to be
seen,' and Emilia Kalisher, Lucia K.
Matthews, Harry Fonda. Grace Hudson,
Theodore Wores, Harriet Foster Beecher,
Alice B. Chlttenden, Boardman M.' Robin
son, G. F. P. Piazzoni, 1 Louise Schwamm,
Bertha Stringer Lee, Eugene Cadenasso,
C. Chapel Judson, L. P. Latimer and J.
T. Martinez are. all well represented in
the exhibition, which Is well worth a visit
for its "picture gallery, alone. '->;
The department of black and white is
perhaps not so large as at the first sho-w,
but exhibits by ; the Bulletin, Examiner,
Evening . Post ¦ and Chronicle art depart
ments receive much favorable attention;
and Nellie Stearns Goodloe, Bert A. Igoe,
Emilia' Kalisher. F. A. Cahill and -R.
Langtry Partington are among those who
make individual exhibitions. Photog
raphy has for its successful represen
tatives Dr. Arnold Genthe, Oscar Maurer,
W. E. Dassonville, Laura M. Adams, F.
E. Monteverde and Oliver P. Lippincott.
Miss Lundborg shows some Interesting
Rubaiyat illustrations .and Helen Hyde
Japanese sketches.^ .
Ceramic Department.
The ceramic department is particularly
worthy. , ;Mrs. Irelan's - f'Roblin" pottery
is shown, and a feature of much interest
Miss Katherine Ball, representing tfte
art section of the club, spoke of the op
portunities for the development of art in
California and of the teaching of it in
the public' schools. She told of the im
proved methods adopted for the class-
California Art Resources.
The evening's programme was opened
by Mayor Phelan In an address, in which
he congratulated the California Club
upon the excellence of the exhibit which
it had prepared and predicted for it the
success which it deserved. He spoke of
the place attained by art In California,
of its gradual rise and of the influences
which had directed it and lent to it a
character almost peculiar - to itself. He
looked- forward to the time when Cali
fornia should have a salon of its own
and when Californlan artists, untram
meled by the prejudice which favors the
foreign for the sake of Its distance or
age, will compete with the world In all
the fields of art.
be congratulated on the beauty and
variety of the collection of this year
and also on the very artistic arrangement
of the exhibits.
Sorrows here in our own city. It will
come from the groves and forests, where
the giants reach to the skies and where
men may dream their hours and days
and yeara listening to the music of the
overhanging boughs above. It will come
from the slopes of our hills, brilliant
with the gorgeous poppy or when they
have been changed to fields of wavinpr
gold, or from the blue depths, of
the seas, or from where the- - rocks
rear their rugged sides in huge crag
and cliff and dome in the garden of
Yosemite; or it will come from that
beauty and womanly grace that blossom
only under our own sun. •
"These are the resources which Cali
fornia offers to art— resources which man
has not created and which man may not
destroy. In the Louvre, the Vatican.
man may destroy, but those gems that
California offers, as long as the ocean
beats upon her shore, as long as Shasta
rears its proud crest to the clouds, a»
long as the cascades beat upon the rocks;
of Yosemite, these resources shall stand."
Songs by Mrs. Gustavus M. Arnold and
Carl Yoho made up the remainder of the
programme.
THE LOWER END OF THE GALLERY WAS DEVOTED TO THE WORKS OF THE PAINTERS. AND THERE THE
CROWDS LINGERED WITH A WILLINGNESS AND AN INTEREST THAT LASTED THROUGH THE EVENING
AND GAVE PROMISE OF FREQUENT FUTURE VISITS.
prised the doctors and the professional
nurse who has had the case in charge.
For more than a week Mr. Kidder has
been unconscious and it was impossible
for him to swallow even liquid food. The
disease of which :he died was diabetes.
The poisonous . fluids had been removed
from his system by sweating processes
Previous - to the time when he became
unconscious Mr. Kidder was told of his
approaching death. He gave minute di
rections as to his funeral, asking that it
be in charge of the Masons. He retained
his membership in the Central Masonic
Lodge of Syracuse, N. Y.. from the timo
he left there forty years ago. The funeral
will take place on Friday afternoon.
John F. Kidder. president as well as
principal owner and manager of the Ne
vada County Narrow Gauge Railroad, was
a civil engineer by profession. He was
born in New. York City in 1830 and moved
with his parents to Syracuse In 1840. In
1861 he went to the State of Nevada In
the Government service and In 1863 was
appointed by the California State govern
ment to survey the boundary line between
California and Nevada. During the fol
lowing year he moved to El J>orado Coun
ty, -where he remained three years. Dur
ing 1865-66 he represented El Dorado Coun
ty in the Assembly. He became engaged
in railroading and resided In Sacramento
and the State of Nevada until 1868, when
he went to Oregon to continue in the
same business. He went to Washington
Territory in 1871 and two, years later re
turned to California, living in Solano and
Monterey counties until 1875, when he
came to Grass Valley.}-
While Mr. Kidder had been actively en
gaged. in engineering since 1849, he found
time to serve the State in many public
offices^* When he was elected in 1865 from
El- Dorado County as Assemblyman .he
proved to be a public spirited and active
member of the lower house of the Legis
lature, particularly championing the con
stitutional . amendment prohibiting slav
ery, and he served with such noted • men
as Hearst, Hancock and Johnson.' Gover
nor . Waterman appointed him Yosemlte
Valley Commissioner, and he did all he
could to Improve the roads . leading Into
the valley. He continued to serve on this
commission .'until appointed, by Governor
Markham as Debris < Commissioner, .which
important position he held up to the time
of his death.
The: passing of John F. Kidder is not
only a loss to the State of California, with
whose early history he was identified, but j
a i loss Irreparable to Nevada County and
more especially Grass Valley, with whose
every advancement he has been connected.
It waa John F. Kidder's energy, pluck
and enterprise that built the first narrow
gauge railroad in this State:- that erected
the first modern dwelling and. laid the first
concrete sidewalk in Grass Valley." 7 Every
thing for the benefit of the town has al-'
ST. LUKE'S CHURCH was crowded
. . to the doors last evening with a
fashionable gathering assembled
to witness the wedding of a gal
lant and dashing officer, Lleuten
ent Percy Myers Kessler of the Artillery
Corps, U.'S. A., and a charming and pop
ular belle, Miss Charlotte Cunningham,
daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Robert Barron
Cunningham. It . Is a long time since a
wedding in San Francisco has attracted
bo much attention. Both in military and
civic circles it has been the all-absorbing
topic at social gatherings, and the public
Interest in the marriage was made mani
fest last evening in the immense crowd
that almost blocked the entrance to the
church.
St. Luke's still wore Its beaming Easter
dress. In addition to the Easter lilies and
giant potted palms that graced the chan
cel, immense flags were draped about the
walls and supporting columns, lending
the necessary appropriate touch for a
military wedding.
Promptly at the hour announced, 8:30
o'clock, the chanting of the bridal chorus
from "Lohengrin" announced the coming
of the bridal party. .First came the ush
ers. Then came the maid of honor and,
following her came the bridesmaids, who
walked down the aisle in double file, lead
ing the way for the bride, who followed,
leaning on the arm of her father.
" Rev. Burr M. Weeden, pastor of St.
Luke's, performed the ceremony. A re
ception followed at the home o\ the bride,
at which 200 guests were present.
JOHN F. KIDDER'S LONG STRUGGLE
AGAINST DEATH IS AT AN END
was the only ornament worn. The veil
was fastened to the coiffure with a sprig
of orange blossoms. Miss Charlotte Ellin
wood, the maid of honor, wore an exquis
ite gown of pale pink chiffon, trimmed
with lace. A spangled pink pompon waa
worn in the hair. The bridesmaids:
Miss Kate May Dillon, Miss Leontine Blake
man, Miss Mattie Steele Milton, Miss Mary
Polhemus. Miss Mary Reiss, Miss Idllie
Relss, Miss Jean Hoskins and Miss Mattie
Pratt -were attired alike in blue chiffon trimmed
with white lace. A spangled blue pompon worn
in the hair completed the costume.
Both maid of honor ¦ and ¦ bridesmaids
carried immense bouquets of Easter lilies,
shrouded in tulle, which, to lend the na
tural military touch, they carried at "at
tention." The bride's bouquet was com
posed of natural orange blossoms.
Mrs. Cunningham, mother of the bride,
wore an elegant dress of black renais
sance spangled lace over white silk. The
corsage was made decollete and the skirt
en train. A knot of turquoise blue velvet
on tho shoulder and a girdle of- the same
velvet lent a charming touch of color to
the jjown. ] •
The groom, the best man, Lieutenant
Lloyd England, and the ushers. Captain
Hollis C. Clark and Lieutenant W. A.
Lieber of the infantry; Captain Eugene
T. Wilson, Lieutenant Guy C. Carleton
of the artillery corps; Ensign S. M. Over
street, Ensign George Cook Sweet, Ensign
Orin G. : Murfin, of the navy, and Major
Charles T. Boyd of the cavalry, were all
in full military dress. -
Lieutenant and Mrs. Kessler leave to
morrow for their future home at Fort
Casey, Seattle. Wash., where Lieutenant
Kessler Is stationed. ~ v
The Kidder < home is the finest and most
costly, in ¦¦ Nevada- County. Mr. Kidder
was a." patron of art and literature; own
ing a - large ' library and < a fine" : collection
of , paintings. - Among , the : latter; are ; por
traits of ' his ; ancestors; who settled in
'America before the Revolution.' . v : - j
ways found a warm supporter In Mr. Kid
der. He laid out, bought and filled in the
Kidder tract in this : city, ; built modern
homes upon it and recently finished the
construction of a new depot ' that is r an
ornament "to 'the town. Every dollar he
ever made Is invested in Nevada County
property. He was public spirited, gener
ous and- liberal. •'. sr"; " : . • •• - -
; Mr. Ki3u«sr was married In ; 1874 ' to Miss
S. lA; Clark, a native of Ohio. He was a
member of the Masonic fraternity and a
past exalted ruler of Grass Valley Lodge
of Elks. ' Until " within the past • two or
three years he took an' active -interest; as
a » Republican in politics and was ¦ for. : a
time a member : of . the State and County
Central committees. He was a delegate
to Minneapolis .when 'Harrison received
the Republican . nomination r for \ President
and east the only vote at that convention
for William McKinley. '
Judge "W. E. Tost, associate counsel
¦with Bradley in -the contest case, ac
cording to the witness, was present and
heard the conversation. In response to a
ouestion as to whether he (the witness)
heard of any conspiracy to kill . Goebel,
the witness stated that on January 25, the
day' the trainload of mountaineers ar
rived, some one, he could not recall who,
told him that parties in the crowd were
waiting in front of the State I House to
kill Goebel. " • ' .
"I said," continued the witness, "it
shall be stopped. I will go into the Senate
and come out with Goebel and see that
he is not hurt or insulted. I looked up and
saw Wharton Golden and told him to get
Finley* Culton and others and send them
to me. He said:
" 'Goebel is not going to be hurt.* Cut
ton told me it was a fake and that there
was nothing -in -It; v they condemned
violence as I did." -
i "Why did* you send for Culton, Finley
and the other men?"
'.'Because I thought they knew the
mountain' men."
The witness was turned over to the de
fense. The defense asked the witness if
he knew anything of any, connection ." of
Jtipley and these occurrences. Governor
Bradley said Ripley.had none so; far , as
he knew. Asked if Ripley's company had
not been disbanded at this time, the wit
ness said he thought it was disbanded'
about that time. ' '-
Mr. Bradley detailed a conversation
which he* said he had with Captain Ripley
while the latter, was in charge of his mil
itary company' during the occupancy of
the State Capitol by the Taylor troops last
spring, in which Ripiey told him of fre
quent conferences with Governor Taylor
prior to the assassination. The witness
said that Ripley toli him he was in the
executive office the day before the shoot
ing and complained to Taylor because he
had not called out his (Ripley's) compar
and asked him when he should have the
company ready.,- Taylor replied, according
to Bradley:
"My God! Haven't you brought them
yet? Goebel will not live twenty-four
hours," .or "cannot . live twenty-four
hours." ' . . .
FRANKFORT, Ky.. April. 10.—Ex-Gov
ernor W. O. Bradley, who was chief coun
sel for ex-Governor W. S. Taylor in the
gubernatorial contest before the Legisla
ture last year, gave sensational testimony
this afternoon in the trial of Captain Gar
nett D. Rlpley, who is charged with con
spiracy, with others, to bring about the
murder of William E. Goebel.
Evidence That the Murder
of Goebel Was Carefully
Arranged. '
ASSASSIN'S PLAN
WIDELY KNOWN
Coroner Hoye investigated the circum
stances surrounding Lenau's death last
evening and decided that • death was due
to the fall and the I beating administered
in trying to subdue him. The under
takers have received a message from a
brother, C. Lenau, in Dakota, telling them
to give thebody decent interment in some
local cemetery. r . . ¦
Coroner Hoye examined the body and
discovered that the neck was dislocated.
He ordered the remains removed to the
Morgue. When the body was placed in
the receiving casket it clearly showed the
immense size of the man, as^his head and
feet touched the ends of the box.
As they entered Lenau's cell he rushed
at them and a struggle ensued. Lundy
hit Lenau a blow that broke his nose and
caused the blood to flow: freely and a
general mix-up followed. Potter and
Lundy were only slightly marked, but Le
nau was terribly beaten. Both of' his
eyes were closed, his nose was swollen,
and his lips were caked. with blood. He
was finally subdued and placed In the
hospital ward, with a ! straltjacket to
aid in controlling him. Later in the day
he was removed to the dark cell, where
he was less conspicuous, and, after
shrieking all day, he quieted down to
ward evening.
Early yesterday morning the night
jailer heard him groaning, and, looking
in, found him in a fit. As the jailer
watched, the man spun about and fell,
striking his head against the cement
roor. • He lived only a few minutes after
the fall. -
Lenau was arrested last Saturday on a
charge of petty larceny, and was tried on
Monaay and committed to the County Jail
for thirty days. At that time he seemed
rational and made no trouble for the jail
ers. After he had been assigned to a cell
in the tanks, however, he oecame wild,
asking for liquor from every one in the
compartment.
On Monday evening he became much ex
cited and searched in many of the cells
for whisky, his fellow prisoners telling
him jokingly that it was to be found on
some of the men.' While* so -engaged he
was kicked and struck - by a pris
oner, who • resented hi3 > Interference,
After the cells had been closed
for the night Lenau began- to call
for whisky, his cries arousing the other
men, who began to yell with him, finally
creating a commotion that attracted the
attention of the night jailer. He told
Lenau to dress and come out, intending to
put him into a separate cell.. The man
gave a profane refusal, and the jailer
called on Fred S. Potter, a short- term
man, and C. Lundy, also serving" a jail
sentence, whom he released from their
cell and told to bring the Swede into the
corridor.
SEATTLE, April 10.— L. B. Lenau, a
Swede . of gigantic stature, held at the
County . Jail for petty larceny, died yes
terday morning in his cell as the result of
Injuries sustained while In an apopleptic
fit and from a beating received at the
hands of fellow prisoners. For twenty
four hours before his . death Lenau suf
fered from an attack closely resembling
delirium tremens, but received no treat
ment other than a dose of some quieting
medicine , given by the jailer. His out
cries were at first thought to be caused,
not by illness, but by ill- temper, and as
a result of that belief the man was ter
ribly beaten by two other prisoners, sent
by the night jailer to subdue him. His
body, as it lies In the Morgue, is a hor
rible sight, the face being cut, discolored
by bruises and swollen, while the nose Is
broken. . . "¦ : .* -
Victim Is Suffering From Delirium
Tremens and Dies From the
Effect of til©;
Assault.
Jailer Calls Upon Thugs to
Subdue Liquor-Crazed I
* , -Cellmate.
BRUTAL BEATING
KILLS PRISONER
DASHING ARMY OFFICER
WINS BEAUTIFUL BRIDE
ART SHOW IS OPENED WITH
SPEECHMAKING AND MUSIC
ELOPERS RACE
WITH PURSUERS
Petaluma Young lady and Her Lover
Beach San Rafael and Are
Married Before Rela-
tives Arrive.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PETALUJIA. Aorll 10.— The runaway
marriage of Miss Mary Caufield and
Henry Howe of this city, as recorded 'in
The Call this morning, created a great
sensation here to-day. The news of the
marriage came as a surprise to tho
friends of the >coume. Howe and M5sa
Caufleld had been lovers for some tima.
He was poor and for that reason the
girl's parents did not favor his suit. M»jw
Caufield -has been reared in comparative
luxury. She has had everything she
wanted and her parents believed she
would not be satisfied to begin a life of
hard work with Howe. Miss Caufleld
pleaded with her parents, but they were
obdurate and refused to entertain Howe
at their home. Then the elopement waa
planned and The Call's announcement
shows how well It succeeded.
The young lady packed her few belong
ings and repaired to a. bouse In the weei
ern part of town last rilsrht. There she
was met by Howe with a carriage. They
drove through town by the back streets
and then made a hard drive to San Ra
fael. They were attended at San Rafael
by a. cousin of Howe, who prepared the
wedding arrangements and procured a li
cense. Judge Rodden Joined them in wed
lock.
Hardly had the couple got well started
on their way to Sail Rafael when they
were pursued by the girl's two brothers.
Howe and his sweetheart won the race.
The marriage ceremony was performed
and the couple had started for San Fran
cisco before the pursuers could overtake
them.
Should Howe return to this city there
may be trouble, as Thomas Caufleld. the
lather, vows vengeance and swears that
ehould Howe ever cross his path he will
rue the day.
Miss Caufield Is a cultured young lady.
She Is well known In society circles, where
ehe often appeared in musical and literary
parts. She is 22 years of age. while her
husband is 24. Howe has lived here fur
four or five years and worked at various
places.
Runaway Bridegroom Is Fifty-One
ELOPEES WED AT SAN JOSE.
Years of Age.
BAN JOSE, April 10.— A romantic run
away match from Fresno found Its cul
mination in this city last evening, when
Justice of the Peace Wallace united In
marriage George E. Matthews and Maria
T. Young, both residents of the Raisin
The runaway couple arrived In this city
late yesterday, and after dinner the pros
pective groom set out to procure a license,
while the bride elect waited his return at
a hotel. The search required a great deal
more time than had been expected and it
was almost 9 o'clock before Deputy
<"ounty Clerk James Silhue was located.
They hastened to the court house, Mat
thews stopping on the way to get his
bride. The license was issued and the
couple then went to the residence of Jus
tice Wallace, where the ceremony was
performed, after which a hasty departure
xvas made in order to catch the San Fran
cisco train.
Miss Young- is a pretty lady and about
£G years of ag-e. She was formerly a mil
liner in this city. Matthews registered his
§ge as 51. but seems remarkably well pre
served. While the circumstances render
ing- a runaway match necessary are not
known, it is understood that there was a
strong objection to the bride on the part
of the groom's relatives.
SAFE UT A SANTA FE
FREIGHT OFFICE BOBBED
Stockton Burglar Believed to Have
Made an Extensive
Haul.
STOCKTON, April 10.— The safe in the
freight office of the Santa Fe here was
robbed last night. Sledge hammers and
other tools were found near the safe, but
there vzsls no Indication that they had
been used in opening it. The company de
clines to say how much -was taken, but It
is said that only three persons knew the
combination of the safe, which evidently
was opened In the usual manner. The po
lice are Investigating.
O. W. Lehmcr, the local agent of the
company, said that there was more
money on hand than usual after banking
hours. He said also that there was no
suspicion against any of the employes of
the company. The burglar entered the
room by forcing open a side window, and
It was shown that the tools were used on
the Inside of the safe to force open .the
drawers.
EEIPlsrENTS OF TTjOTTR
DIRECT TO SIBERIA
TACOaiA. April 10.— Large flour ehlp-
znents from Tacoma continue. A feature
of the present situation la the Increasing
shipments from Tacoma direct to Siberia,
•whereas the Siberian market was form
erly supplied by flour dealers having their
headquarters at Hongkong.
The Bteamshlp Braemer of the Northern
Pacific line sailed to-day tor Vladivostok
end Port Arthur with 40,000 barrels of
flour, together with large shipments of
groceries, wine and lumber. The steam
ship Queen Adelaide will be dispatched^by
the same line on May 8 with a carge ol
flour for Vladivostok. £ort Arthur, Tien
tsin, Klaochau and Weihaiwel. The
Tacoma, sailing yesterday, carried 10,000
barrels of flour for Japan and Hongkong.
The Victoria, to sail on Saturday, will
carry to the same ports 12,000 barrels of
flour.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THUESDAT, APRIL llj 1901.
room, of the Increase In the time devoted
to art study and for the greater care
spent upon it as well as the greater re
sults obtained.
The principal number on the pro
gramme was an address by D. M. Del
mas on the "Art Resources of Califor
nia." "Scenes to inspire the artist," he
said, "have been spread by the hand of
nature and the hand of Jiistory In Cali
fornia wherever the eye and the soul of
art may seek. California's resource of
art will come from every ruined church
founded by the Spanish— from San Diego,
from Carmel and from our own Lady of
Is the potter at work, A. TV. Robertson,
molding dish and vase of dainty shape,
all while you wait. For the ladies there
is an exquisite display of laces, Duchesse.
point laces, Battenbergv Honiton, and the
whole dainty repertoire, Mrs. Clyde
Payne's exhibit, perhaps, taking the
palm. The Indian baskets are a striking
ly picturesque feature, and embroidery,
leather work, book making and Persian
ru?r making are all well seen.
There is also an exhibition of stained
glass, architectural plans, public • schoo*.
drawings and tapestry.
The ladies of the California Club must
Pink roses struck the keynote of the
decorations that converted the Cunning
ham home on Clay street into an immense
floral bower. In the drawing-room the
lone wall was covered with a trellis of
pink roses, which formed a beautiful
background for the newly wedded couple
while they stood to receive the best
wishes of their many assembled friends.
The bride wore a gorgeous dress of
cream white satin, entirely covered with
an overdress of finest point lace. The lace
fell In a point both f rtjnt and back, clear
ing almost the hem of the skirt and the
immense train. Thecorsage was complete
ly covered with the lace. A circlet of dia
monds and pearls, the gift of the groom.
City.
3
Brothers of Miss Caufield
Fail to Prevent Her
Marriage.
Tuc
¦¦¦ I nLin
Free Sample of Warner's Safe Cure and free medical ad-rise ftfren o& application
In person, or by letter— Warner's Sxn Cckx Co., Rochester. N. Y.
For the past ten years i have used no
medicine except Warner's Safe Cure, anrt
find that it kef ps me in good health, i It is
a remarkable life-River and 1 cheerfully Rive
It my hearty endorsement.
"The Goscold,". Chicago, 111.
Thronjrh the effects of beinjr thrown from
a carriage in 1S33. I,vras creiitly afflicted
with female troubles, j I sp^nt hundreds
of dollars with doctors without relief, but
Warner's Safe Cure restored my health In
two months,
Cbrlstense, Countess C'hefouIJ, .
A few brie! extracts from race
Virginia Townscnd,
211 Schennerhorn St., Brooklyn, N. Y. '
Annie E. Harper. 625 State Street.
JacfcJoimUe, El/
I have fonnd Warner's Safe Cure a won-
derful remedy for backache and numerous
pains women are afflicted wltn. It tones
the entire system and prevents colds.
but Warner's Safe Care completely restored
her/
letters from grateful -women : >
Lilian Ramsey.* President DenverQtilKJ^ A
Club, 1 Denver. Colorado* ¦ ; y
My mother suffered from weakn^«s pecn- &
liar So women. She had continual backar.ba v
and 'headache and was almost hd Invalid. §
<gfc& Health of Women yfe' .{
1 '• .; ; . 5.
is all important. The daughter of to-day becomes the wife of to-'i
morrow. •How' essential then that good health be hers. Good health. \
•which alone brings happiness and " vigorous posterity. The mechanism of. v
women is finer than that of "man. She is naturally higher strung, and when ' f
the dual functions of her life are taken into consideration, it is little wonder f
that the delicate, machinery breaks down under the burden laid upon it. , &
The majority of women need an aid which JhOuld strengthen them for J
the stress and strain they daily meet. Such an aid is found- in Warner's A
Safe Care/a simple vegetable preparation, which has"secured the highest
endorsement among women in all walks of life In all par£s of the civilized, \
world. / i
Selected / i> fl* / o \ * Blended
. California / Jtuit V
1 prunes \ zdl, £\ / I special
S grain \ * * ° 3 process
L „ , ,„, • h, ' " ¦•' >
\ In California the fig and prune attain 1
\ the highest degree of perfection and these J
choice fruits, combined with selected graihs, E
scientifically blended,make the best and most 1
x - nutritious Cereal Coffee now on the market. |
Boil from 5 to 10 minutes only. B
All grocers sell FIGPRUNE CEREAL. |PROCESS OF MAKING "BUFFA
LOES'." CREATES BOTH JOY
AND SORROW ON THE LINE.
Steamer Movements.
TO ARRIVE.
TO SAIL.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
United . States : Coast and Geodetic Survey —
Times . and Heights of. High . and Low
S Waters at Fort Point, entrance to "San
> ' Francisco Say. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.--' .• ; .
-NOTE — The high and - low .- waters occur at
the city ; front . (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide Is the same at both places.
THURSDAY, APRIL 11.
Probable Winners.
Flrmt race— Isaline. The Pride. Gibraltar.
Second ra.ee — Rory Ough, Zlrl. Escal&nte.
Third race— Bard of Avon, Jim Hale, Flat
terer.
Fourth race— VuleaJn. Star Chamber, The
Kretter.
Fifth race— Mamie Hlldreth, Levator. Rio
Shannon.
Elxth race— Precursor. Dollle "Wiethoff. Dona
tor.
Track Notes.
For generally careless work and more
especially for the sloppy looking ride
piven Cromwell on Monday, the Judges
concluded yesterday to try to arouse Owen
Mounce with a. fine of $100.
"Long Shot" Conley, who rode Mission
in the third race, complained to -the offi
cials in the stand that R. Murphy, the
rider of McAlbert. had tried to put him
over the fence, besides calling htm a
handful of spicy names. In consideration
of his regard and esteem for the colored
jockey. Murphy was handed a $50 fine.
The three-horse race arranged for Sat
urday has fallen through. Beau Ormonde
declines, but Articulate and Kenilworth
will meet at six furlongs, each to carry 117
pounds.
Whatever has happened J. Ransch or
whether It. is an apparition is' now. the
problem perplexing turfites. "Jay" again
displayed astonishing form yesterday, pi
loting George Dewey, Catherine Bravo
and Don Luis with rare skill and losing
on Prejudice by a nose only. Possibly
Rar.sch has laid the "Kelly hammer"
away.
Hound and Decision Is
Rendered.
EDDIE CONNOI/IiT LOSES
FIGHT. WITH COTJHld
Police Stop the Fight in Eleventh
LOU1SVILL.E, Ky., April lO.-Tom Cou
hig of Dunkirk, N. Y., was given the de
cision to-night over Eddie Connolly of
New Brunswick in the eleventh round of
a twenty-round bout. Connolly was all
but out and the police stopped the fight. .
J The fight' took place before the Monarch
Athletic Club and Connolly was a 3, to 1
favorite. He forced the fighting for' the
first six rounds, but from that time to the
end was at Couhig's mercy. In the" elev
enth round Couhlg made a chopping block
of his opponent's head and face, Connolly
being powerless , to . defend himself. He
was knocked down with a left swing, but
on the count of nine was on his feet, only
to be hammered all over the ring till the
fight was stopped. The men j weighed In
at 138 pounds.
Before the Connolly-Couhig fight it was
announced that the winner would meet
Matty Matthews before the Monarch Club
on Derby niffht. ADril 29, for the welter
weight championship of the world. The
announcement was also made that the
winner of the Dave Sullivan-Jack McClel
land bout before the Southern Athletic
Club Derby night, April 29, would meet
Terry McGovern In this city on MeGov
crr.'s return from the Pacific Coast.- The
details are said to have : been closed to
night with McGovern.
Second race— Four furlonss; two- year-olds;
rolling:
Cousin Sue 110 2261 Oele 113
rCC7 Achilles 113 2249 Rory Ouph US
(22S€)Zirl 110 ZX7 Graham Gr'ne.113
(2027)Escalante 113
Third race— Six furlongs; three-year-olds;
purse:
ac2 Bronze Wing. ..1071 2236 SIsenvine 104
2163 Matilda 0 107 2260 Tony Lepplng..lO7
22MTenny Belle. ...107 2176 Rio de Altar...ll2
(MSSUlm Hale 109 2266 Triple Cross... .102
<210:)Bard of Avon.. 109 2260 Flatterer 112
£266 Mill Valley 102 2262 Slnfl 107
Fourth race— One and a sixteenth miles;
three- year-olds and upward: handicap:
<2259)The Fretter 93 j 226S Vulcain 114
2221 Star Chamber.. 112 2259 Rosormonde ...106
2263 St. Wood 104 21S2 Et- Rica- 93
2207 Rollick SS l
Fifth race— One mile; three-year-olds and
upward: Belling:
2217 Fondo S3 2253 Sir Klngston...l08
2265 Nellie Forest... 91 1238 Rio Chieo 112
2236 Mamie Hildrth 91 2268 Rio Shannon....Ul
2^4 Mission 10S 22T.3 Lavator ..." 112
22G9 Thornwild 95 2238 Maydlne 106
2274 Compass 91 2265 Birdie Stone.... 91
Sixth rare — Seven furl ones; four-year-olds
end upward: selling:
2226 Jingle Jingle.. .. 104 f 20S4 Dol. TVeithoff..l06
2240 The Singer ....103 2250 Precursor ......112
21X3 Boundlee 105 2241 Clarando 104
2206 Gold Finder.... ins ] 2166 Free Lance 116
rifS Donator 106 2271 Fhickoy 108
2274 Osmond 106! 2274 Alicia 104
The ball players from Los Angeles are
to make their first appearance on the
local diamond to-day," when they will be
gin a series of games with the San Fran
ciscos. There, are several new faces In the
citrus belt aggregation, and the relative
strength of the two teams is a mattter
that Is sure to arouse interest in the
game3. The prospect la for another over
flow house next Sunday. .
The lineup for the game to-day is as
follows:
San Francisco. Position. Los Angele*.
Graham Catcher .Spies
Iburg ....: Pitcher .......Jones
Pabst.... First base Hutchlnson
Schwartz .....Second baas Brockhoff
Keilly - Third base Rellly
Krue Shortstop Kelly
Holland Left field ..........Bowman
Hildebrand...: Center field ...Householder
Nordyke ., Right field Swindells
Citrus Baseball . Players Will Cross
Bats With the San Francisco
Team.
I,OS ANGELES TEAM
WILL BE INTRODUCED
Shamrock Leaves the Dock.
GLASGOW, April 10.— The Shamrock I,
refitted for racing, left the dock at Gree
noek yesterday for Gourock, where her
sails -will ba bent and where she will be
made readv for the trials with the chal
lenger for the America's cup.
Sun rises ,.........: ......".'.. ; . .'.5:4?
Sun sets ......SMI
Moon rises , (third quarter) ..0:34 a. m.
NEW YORK— Arrived April 19— Stmr We»t
erntand. from Antwerp and Southa.mpton.
GIBRALTAR— Passed April 10— Stmr Califor
nia, from New York, for Naples, Genoa and
Marseilles.
QUEENSTOWN— Arrived April 10— Stmr Teu
tonic, from New York, for Liverpool, and pro
ceeded. •«¦-•*¦ . , '. . \ ' - .
.SOUTHAMPTON— Arrived April 10— Stmr St
Louis, from New York. I
OCEAN STEAMERS.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
SEATTLE— Arrived April 10-*Stmr Hyades,
hence A^ril 7. I
NEAH BAT— P«s3*d jout April 1«V— Br bark
Harold, for : Plymouth. • ' - •"
.PORT, GAMBI.E>-Sailed April 10— Schr En
deavor, for Pan Franciscol .¦
ARRIVED.
. Wednesday, April 10.
¦ Stmr St Paul, Hays. 13 days 9 boars from
Panair.a. • ' •
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
NOTE— In the above exposition ¦ of the tides
. ARRIVED. -
Wednesday, April 10.
Stmr Ventura, Hayward, 22 days 7 hours 40
minutes from Sydney, via Honolulu 5 days 15
hours 62 minutes. ." . • ¦ "
; Stmr Eureka, • Jessen, 22 hours from Eureka..
' Stmr Columbia, Doran. 57 hours from Port
land, via Astoria 41 hours.
Btmr Corona. Gielow, 65 hours from New
port (S), etc.
Stmr National City, Dettmers,. 14 hours from
Fort-Braeff. - ¦ " '
Stmr Alliance, Hardwick, 6»4 days from
Portland and way ports.,' \
Stmr Navarro, Hansen. 17 hours from Cas
par.
Stmr Santa Barbara, Jahnsen, 24 hours from
Eureka; bound to San Pedro; put in to land
passengero. .
. Stmr Jeanie, Mason. 7V4 days from Hunters
Bay, via Comox 93 hours.
. Schr John F Miller, Hansen, 2% days from
Coos Bay.
Schr Lily Bottger, 3 days from Umpqua.
Schr Volant, Halveson, 8 days from Port
Ludlow.
. CLEARED.!
Wednesday, . April 10.
Stmr Zealandla, Dowdell, Honolulu, via Port
Los Angeles; J D Spreckels & Bros Cot. . •
Stmr State of California, Joseph, Victoria
and Port Townsend; Goodall, Perkins & Co. 1
Br stmr Victoria, Blakey, Chemainus; R
Dunsmulr's Sons Co. ¦
Br stmr Arequipa, Lee, Valparaiso and way
ports; Balfour, Outhrie & Co.
Schr Stanley. Schmalz. codflshing; McCollam
Fishing and Trading Co. . ,
¦'< ' . SAILED.
. . , Wednesday, April 10.
Stmr Queen, Thomas, San Diego.
Stmr .Matteawan, Croscup, Tacoma.
Stmr PrOBreso, Monroe, Seattle.
Ptmr Luella, Madsen, — — •
Stmr Santa Barbara, Jamleson, San Pedro.
Stmr Noyo, * Hansen, .
Br stmr Victoria, Blakey, Chemainu*. "
; Br stmr Arequipa, Lee, Valparaiso and way
ports. - '.- -¦-•.-.' -¦ ¦ "
Bark 3 D Peters, Townsend, Chlgnik Bay
and Uyak. ...
Schr Newark, Beck, Flsks Mill.
DISASTER..
HONOLULU. April 3— Haw stmr Upolu was
wrecked on April 2 at Puako. near ¦ Kawaiha,
No further particulars." .
SPOKEN. .
March. 8, lat BO S.lon 66 W— Br ship Helens
burgh, hence Jan 14, for Queenstown. • w ¦
• TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, • April 10. 10 p m— Weather
hazy; wind NW, velocity 20 miles per hour.
" ; • DOMESTIC PORTS. '.
«• BANDON-Sailed April 9-Stmr Arzo. for
, San ' Francisco: ; 1
¦ EUREKA— Arrived April &— Stmr San Pedro.
hence-- April S. • • • . - • - . „¦ .< ¦. -
Arrived . April 10— Schr Mary j Buhne, hence
March' 29. , .
SailedApril 10— Stmrs Pomona, Alcazar and
South Coast, for San Francisco.
SAN PEDRO— Sailed April 10— Schr Salvator,
for San Francisco. •
UMPQU.A! RIVER— Arrived April 7— Schr
Z&nipa, from San ' Pedro. ,
Sailed April 7— Schr Lily, for San Francisco;
echr Lucy, for San Pedro. April 8— Schr Lou
ise, for. San Pedro. - .' - ¦ ••
. PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived April 10— Ship
Chas E Moody, from Honolulu.
.Sailed Anrll 9— Schr Honoipu, for Lauceton.
V ASTORIA— Arrived April 10— Br shlo Ful
wood, from Hongkong.. '¦ .
Arrived April 10— Stmr Geo W Elder. 'hence
April 8. April 9 — Br ship Fulwood. - from Hong
kong. •. • • . - ¦¦..-' , •
Sailed April 10 — Bark Kate Davenport, for
Bristol Bay. - .
FORT BRAGG-Arrlved April 10-Stmr Se
quoia, hence -April 9. ¦.
SAN DIEGO— Sailed April 10— Etmr Bruns
wick, for San Francisco. ¦
PORT BLAKELEY— Sailed April 10— Bark
Tanner and schr Meteor,, for San Pedro. . ":
COpS BAY— Arrived April 10— Stmr. Empire,
hence April 6." ' ¦ " . • -
SEATTLE— Arrived April 9— Schr John A
Campbell, from Honolulu. ¦.'¦ <•-•
Sailed . April 9— Stmr - City of • Seattle, for
Ska^uay. . - - . -¦."..'¦ • . ' ' ¦ „
. TACOMA— Sailed April 10— Schr J B : Leeds,
for . Bristol Bay ; j Br stmr Braemer, for • Yoko
hama. " " - ', ¦ ¦• '¦ ¦ • ' :¦¦ ; ¦ >
• Sailed April 10— Stmrs City of Seattle and
Farallon, for.Ska^uay. ¦¦-..' ¦¦ -. . .
Arrived Anrll 1C— Stmr Umatllla,
April 6. • . "
¦ PORT LOS ANGElrES-Sailed April" 10-Br
Etmr Ai^oa. for Nanaimo. ,t«"WiO«^tfJ)tii{ shifty
NE11ALEM— Sailed April 10— Tue Geo R
Vosbergr, . for San Francisco.': with -barge C H
Wheeler in tow. ¦' ¦ ¦ . - ••,--;.;
GRAYS HARBOR— Sailed Aprir8— Schr Eu-
Shipping- Intelligence.
$4311. The following were the principal ship
ments: ¦" ' " ¦ '•
For Mexico— 2195 lbs • beans, 306 lbs dried
fruit, 2054 lbs sugar. 10,571 lbs malt. 143 bdls
pipe, 2O.bhl3 ginger al«, 15 bbls .cement, 799
lbs sago, 35 sks potatoes. 157 pkgs groceries
and provisions, 5 cr onions, 220O Jbs rice; 3105
"bdls shooks, 20 bdls lath, • 13 kegs nails, 397
gals wine. ¦ •
For Central America— 1600 lbs beans, 10 cs
bottled beer, 51 pkgs dry goods, 906 bbls flour,
65 pkgs groceries and provisions, 8 bales heath
er. 600 .lbs lard. 11,932 feet lumber, .25 cr on
ions, 203 cr potatoes, 13 pkgs paste,- 4800 lbs
rice, 24 bdls spice,, 3166 lbs tallow, 985 gals
wine, 10 cs. whisky.
¦ For Panama— 35, 575. lbs sugar. 208 pkgs'gro
ceries and provisions, 1779 gals -wine. 8460 lbs
peas and beans, 120 pkgs paste. 45 coils rope,
57 cr potatoes, 373 bbls flour, 1100 cs soap.
For South America— 111 cs> canned goods,- 6
cr potatoes, 2 cs wine,- 1000 lbs dried fruit," 2000
lbs oatmeal, 373 pkgs groceries and provisions,
80 cs salmon, 262 bbls flour, 319 ctls wheat.
NEWS OF THE /OCEAN.
THE Oceanic Steamship Company's
Ventura arrived from Australasian
ports yesterday. She was expect
ed last Monday, but was detained
at all the ports of call. -The coal
handlers of New South Wales are out. on
strike and the mail boat could not get a
full supply of fuel. In order to get any
thing like the usual quantity the long
shoremen worked St./. Patrick's day and
were paid $1 25 an hour for so doing.
Soon after the Ventura "sailed. for Auck
land, N.'Z.. it was cabled' .that/there was
a suspected case of plague in ; .West Aus
tralia. The New Zealanders' would not
take any chances and 228 tons > of freight
had to be taken aboard < in ' the- stream.
This caused a delay of twenty-four hours
and a" stop of five hours andV thirty min
utes at Pago Pago, Samoa, did not help
matters. At Honolulu the mail steamship
had to be coaled and that "detained her
thirty-one hours and thirty^mlnutes, so
that, all told, sixty-one hours were lost
during the run from Sydney to San Fran-,
cisco by unavoidable delays. ,
The Ventura brings " up 1216 tons of
freight. Among it Is 2000 crates of onions
and a lot of flax from Auckland. More
than 500 carcasses of frozen mutton from
Sydney were landed at Honolulu. In the
future Australia and New Zealand is go
inp to be brisk competitors for the frozen
meat trade of the islands.
The Ventura brought up 204 cabin pas
sengers, of whom 110 were Shriners, twen
ty-eight second cabin passengers and
forty-three steerage ¦ passengers. Those
who came up In the first and second cab
ins were:
From Sydney, N. S. W., and Auckland, N.
Z.— Mr. and Mrs. W. S. Allen. .Mr. and Mrs. J.
Allen, Mr. and Mrs. J. Biddies, Mr. and Mrs..
G. A. Cowle, Mr. and Mrs. J. C. Fraser, Mr.
and Mrs. Hamilton, Mr. and Mrs. Lloyd, Mr.
and Mrs. Myatt, Mr., Mrs. and Mlas Reece,
Mr. and Mrs. J. R. Rlppln Mr. and Mrs. J.
T. Russell, Mr. and Mrs. .\V. G. Sharp, Mr.
end Mrs. Thompson, Mrs. W. D. K. Gibson,
Mrs. Paterson, child, infant and nurse; Mrs.
Follock and child; Mrs. E. White, Miss E, Al
len' Miss «E. M. Biddies, Miss E." F. Biddies,
Miss Blair, Mis* Gllmann, Miss A. Harding,
Miss Raymond Miss Grace Spreckels, Misses
Wallace- (2). Miss White, Sisters of Good Shep-.
herd (2), Lieutenant Colonel Lyle, T. Allen, P.
Allen, A. Blckford, W. Blair, J. Coblne, R. G.
Collins, Dr. Corry, A. S. Dixon, Mr. Forsyth,
N. P. Froode, Dr. P. T. Herring, A: S. Howe,
Mr Hoyt, F. C. R. Hulin, H. A. Manning,
James Millar. R. G. Miller, R. D. Mullet. H.
Pa-=quier James Paterson, Herbert Paul., Mr.
Raymond J. T. Reitllnger, Mr. Simklnson, F.
Soues J. ' D. Spreckels, George Stoving, W. B. .
Tremaine, G. E. Wllmott, Mr. and Mrs. C. T.
Allcut and five children, Mr. and Mrs. F.
Ambo, Mr. and Mrs. Smith, Mrs. Anderson and
child Mrs. G. Rosenthal, i Mrs. G. Stott,
J W Ellis Messrs. Halcombe, Hunter, . Jacks,
j! A. Martin,- Mills, E. B. Nordtman and J. D.
From Honolulu — J. ¦ T. Ashworth, Miss L.
Anderson. Miss Ashley, H. Ashley and wife, L.
W Atkins, J. H. Bullock, John R. Borleaux,
Dr J L. Benepe and wife, O. C. Bunting, Miss
M'Blackman, D. Benepe, J. Blakely, Dr. F- N.
! Rorim Mrs Blood, J. B. Barnett and wife, R.
C Baar. J. K. Crofut and wife. R. F. Carr,
C." Chipman and wife, J. Crater and wlfe.rW.
H Currier and wife, Mrs. Callahan, H. -A.
Crawford, ¦ I* F. Campbell, D. L. Cornell and
wife J. S. Caldwell,F. J. Calif, Mrs. E. Chase,
J S. Curtis, Miss Crawford, C. V. Dykeman
and wife G. C. Derfenderfer and wife. Mrs. ,
S L Faser,' J. L. Fisher, Samuel Felt and
vife," Joseph H. Gray and wife. Miss Gray. S.
SGetchell F. F. Garrat, W. A. Gregg. Miss
I.' Haag J. D. Holsman, A. Halllday, C. W.
Hungerford and wife, Dr. Hacker, Mrs. H. E.
Tones Mrs. M. E. Jones, N. J. Johnson. C. B.
Judd.' J. L. King. W. .Karch, P. -Kettering and
wife ¦ F W. Lewis and wife, P. W. Lawrence.
F W Lyle, F. J. Macfte, John. Mowatt, Orme
Norman. S; R. Phelps an'd wife.- F. T. Pritch
crd and wife, Mrs. A. H..Plckens, G F. Peter-"
Fen S. S. Patten. C. B. Qulgley and wife, J.
M "Raymond. B. W. .Rowell, S. G. Reynolds.
L-Rosenthal. J B. • Ross. ' H. : Setzen, A. C.
Puring and wife, R. H. Stafford, G. F.- Sinclair
pnd wife F. W. Strahan and wife, Miss N.
Pirahan, *J. L. M.- Shetterley and wife, N., A.
S oddara. Mrs. C. S.. Short. D. J A.- Thomp
son E W. Tucker. D. Van-Nuiss, William
Wente and wife. L. B. Winsor. , MIfs H.
Wrieht L. E. Wood, J. H. Watson. T. J.
Winkler' J. G. Wood, C. S. Wright, John Wad
dell and wife, Colonel. T. B. Warren and wife.
Miss Warren and H; J. Wood and wife.
John D. Spreckels, Miss Grace Spreck
els and Mrs. W. D. K. Gibson were among
those who came home on the Ventura.
The s»Eters of the Good Shepherd from
Sydney are on their way. home to France.
W. G. Sharp is a well-known lumber mer
chant of Melbourne. Victoria.
-The Churchill will . -load lumber at Portland
for Fremantle, at ,70s; chartered .prior to ar
rival. • - .
The Arequipa's Cargo.
The steamer Arequipa sailed yesterday' for
Valparaiso and way. ports with a general car
fto valued at $24,504, ', manifested up to 3 p. m.'
as follows:' For Mexico, -$40S7: Central r Annr- J
Ica, ?10,92S; Panama, J517S; South America,
tj— <5>y UFFALO" has come to San Fran
l_J) Cisco. This city is \ now in the
C^V throes of the latest of the line
diversions. Politicians, railroad
men, rounders, the gilded youth,
are aJl singing it, and paying for.it. tod.
"Buffalo" is an order— a fraternity of
the eleven-cent kind. Good-fellowship
and eleven cents are the qualifications of
membership— that is all; but the rules are
many and must be religiously observed,
else the victim will find himself separated
from his silver or gold as the case may
be. At present there are about a hun
dred "Buffaloes" in San Francisco. They
are eager and earnest men and, as each
possesses the right to draft new members,
it Is certain" that the order will increase
tenfold within the- next week.
The fundamental rules of the Order of
Buffaloes are as follows: Members. must
always carry a" one-cent' 'piece; hand
shaking must be done .by the left, the
right' being reserved for punching; all
drinks must to piloted to the lips with
the left hand; sign of the order is the left
hand over the left ear; absolute sobriety
and silence must be observed by the Ini
tiated of a week's standing; initiation
fee, the coin in:the possession Of the can
didate nearest to eleven cents.' ._.
These are the 1 cardinal rules. Any
breach of .them by a "Buffalo,- ' if called,
means the purchase of something drink
able for the crowd. ' • " ' '• •
Although the game arrived here a few
weeks ago, it Is not yet epidemic. The
railroad men -have taken to it with more
than ordinary avidity and ¦ are intro
ducing it in • places where the mirrors
glisten and the glasses shine. Converts
and disciples among the railroad frater
nity gave yesterday afternoon to the work
of establishing, the "Buffalo" institution
upon a firm basis. They succeeded. The
new order is an unqualified success, and
henceforth "Buffalo" will rule the cock
tail route.
Look out for it; always have 15 cents
in your- pocket to pay for initiation; use
the left hand when you are drinking; keep
the one-cent talisman about your person,
and cry ! Buffalo" whenever your friends,
who are of the order, forget the counter
sign. Then you will always go home
sober. "' , - ", .
MAIL STEAMSHIP VENTURA
ARRIVES FROM AUSTRALASIA
Branch Hydrogrraphic Office, V. S. N., Mer
chants' Exchange, San ; Francisco, Cal.,
' April 10, 1901. ¦•'. - ' ¦¦¦¦-.-
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day—
i. e., at noon of the 120th meridian, or . at 8
o'clock p. m., Greenwich time. ¦ :
- . C. G. CALKINS.
Lieutenant Commander, U. S. N., .In charge.
Time Ball.
NEW YORK-Arrlved April 10-Stmr Majes
tic', from Liverpool.
Sailed April ID— Stmr New York, for South
ampton; stmr ; Germanic, for Liverpool; stmr
Southwark, for Antwerp. .
HONGKONG— Arrived prior to April 10— Stmr
Athenian, from LadyBmith, B C.
BREMEN— Arrived April 10— Stmr Kaiser
Wilhelm . der Grosse, from New York, via
Southampton.. .... - ' -• . '.
GLASGOW— Arrived April 10— Stmr Sardin
ian and stmr Furnessia, from New York.
QUEENSTOWN— Arrived April 10-Stmr
Lake Megantlc, from St ' John, N B, and
Halifax, for Liverpool/ • • ¦ • .
, Sailed April 10 — Stmr - Ivernia, from Liver
pool, for Boston. •¦ ' ¦ ¦ . :
SCILLY— Passed April 10— Stmr St Louis,
from New . York, for Southampton. - ¦ . • : .
OCEAN STEAMERS.
GERALTON— Arrived Feb 15— Bktn Arago,
from Columbia River. .
SYDNEY— Sailed March 4— Schr Robert
Searles, for Honolulu. March 5 — Schr Hono
lulu, for Honolulu. March 7 — Bktn J L Evis
ton, for Honolulu. March 8— Br bark Woolla
hra, for Honolulu; schr Admiral, for Hono
lulu; Br ship Toxteth, for San Francisco.
NEWCASTLE, Aus— Sailed April 9— Bark
Rea»>er, for Honolulu.
In port loading March 16— Bark Alex McNeil,
for Honolulu; Br ship Balclutha," for San
Francisco; Br bark Battle Abbey, for Honolu
lu; Br ship Cardiganshire, for San Francisco;
bark Chas B Kenney, for Honolulu; ship Gov
Roble. for Honolulu: bktn John Palmer, for
Honolulu; ship J S B Thomas, for Honolulu;
schr King Cyrus, for Honolulu; Br ship Lane
ins, for San Francisco; bark Louisiana, for
Honolulu; ship Marion Chilcott, for Honolulu;
ship Paramtta, for Honolulu: Ital bark Pas
quale Laiiro, for Honolulu; bark Sea King,
for Honolulu; ship, Servia, for Honolulu; ship
Star of Italy, for Honolulu; schr William Bow
den, for Honolulu.
N AN AIMO— Sailed- April 9— Br stmr Milton,
for San Dieso.
Arrived April. 9 — Nor stmr" Kvarven, hence
April 5. ' . . . ; J .,- ',.
KINSALE— Passed April 9— Br ship Deccan,
from Oregon, for Queenstown; Br ship Speke,
hence Nov 11, for Queenstown.
YOKOHAMA— Arrived April 8— Br stmr Em
press of India, from "Vancouver.
HONGKONG— Arrived April 9— Br stmt Ping
Suey, from Seattle, with 22 plates and several
frames bent. 1
RUNCORN— Arrived April 9— Br bark Forte
viot. from Tacoma.
QUEENSTOWN— Arrived ' April 10— Br ship '
Deccan, from Astoria.
• ADELAIDE— Sailed April 9— Ship • Hecla, for
Newcastle,' Aus.
NAGASAKI — Sailed April 7 — Br stmr
Oopack, for Seattle.
SUVA— Arrived Feb 7— Schr Defender, from
Chemainus. -
Sailed Feb 21— Schr Defender, for Honoipu.
CALLAO— Sailed April 9— Ger stmr Kamby
ees, for San Francisco. April 10— Ger - stmr
Denderah. for San Francisco. »
NITRATE PORTS— Sailed April 3— Schr
Balnbridge, for Honolulu. .
FOREIGN PORTS.
reka, for Salinas Cruz. April 9— Schr Chas
Hanson, for Bristol Bay; schr Mary • Bidwell,
for Bristol Bay. ¦
Arrived April 6— Schr Henry Wilson, hence
March 25. - • .....
EASTERN* PORTS.
NEW YORK— Sailed April »— Stmr City of
Washington, for Colon.
Arrived April 9— Stmr Advance, from Colon.
BALTIMORE-Sailed April 9-Stmr Asun
cion, for San Francisco.
-.' • ISLAND PORTS. ',
HONOLULU— Arrived April 1— Bark Sonoma,
from Newcastle, Aus; stmr City of Peking,
hence March 26. April 2— Br bark Antlope,
from Oyster Harbor. April 3— Stmr Ventura,
from Sydney; schr Ethel Zane, from Port
Gamble; schr Mary E Fester, hence Feb 21.
April -4— Schr Bangor, from Port Ludlow.
Sailed April 2— Stmr City of Peking, for Yo
kohama: U S stmr Hancock, for Manila; stmr
Santa Ana, for Kahulul. April 5— U S stmr
KIntuck, for Manila.
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the- successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time 0/
day; the third time column gives the last tide
of the day. except when there are but three
tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights given
are in addition to the soundings on the United
Btates Coast Survey charts, except when a
minus (— ) sign precedes the height, and then
the number given -is subtracted from the depth
given by the charts. The plane of reference
Is the mean of the lower low. waters.
RACING ON THREE
EASTERN COURSES
Results From the Washington, the
1 , Msinphi3 and. the Cincinnnati
Tracks.
WASHINGTON. April 10.— The results
o£ the racing to-day at Bennings are as
follows: ,. " - -
First race, six and a half furlqngs— Invasion
won, Lofter second. Punctual third. Time. l:-3
Second race, half mile— Rona won. Frivol
second. Astery third.: Time, :30.
Third race, handicap steeplechase, about two
and a half miles— Lady Dainty won. Breach
of Promise second. Trillion third. Time a:34.
Fourth race, selling, five furlongs— Brisk
won. Sylvan Del second. Give and Take third.
Time. 1:03. • •, ,
Fifth race, selling, seven furlongs—Imperial
ist won. Scurry second, Prosit third. Time.
t:30 3-5.
Sixth race, handicap, mile and fifty yards—
First Whip won, Alslke second, Althea third.
Time. 1:47.
MEMPHIS. Tenn., April 10.— The re
sults of the Memphis racing to-day are as
follows:
¦First race, four and a half furlongs. sell
ing—Tom Wallace won. Jim Scanlan second.
Le Flore third. Time, :58.
- Second race, one and an eighth miles, sell
ing—Lee King won, Sunlocks second. Ken
tucky Babe third. Time, l:57'/i. «_-_„
Third race, four and a half furlongs— Bran
nlgan won. Old Hutch second, Wyeth third.
*race, seven furlongs— Tennessee
Brewing stakes— Maud Gonne won. W . J. ye
boe second. Wild Pirate third. Time, l: 2^*;
Fifth race, six furlongs— Clorlta won. Curd
Glltock second. Sculptress third Time, l^a-
Sixth race, mile and an elghth-Bohulw on.
Aloha II second, Beana third. Time, 1:56.
CINCINNATI, April 10.— Results at the
Newport track to-day:
First race, one mile, selling-La fpara won.
Guerdon second; Julius Werner third. Time,
race, six furlongs-Masterful won.
Little Tommy Tucker second. Alcaskey third.
™ThTrd 1; race; six furlongs, selltng-Rlo won.
Iris second. Paschal .third. Time, 1^18.
Fourth race, six furlongs 9eU!nS 7 H °rhlr!le
Tobacco won. Come Quick, second, Cnarne
Mvrtle Dell second, Follow third. Time, AX
Sixth race, five furlongs-Magjie_ W won.
Lord Frazer second, Voltaire third. Time. 1.0_
' Olympic Handball Tournament.
A few more games will decide who will
be the winners of the doubles handball
tournament, which has been in progress
at the Olympic Club for the past three
weeks. Of the nineteen teams that par
ticipated in the tournament, but four re
main to battle for first and second honors.
Last evening Russ and Kennedy de
feated Powers and Green by a score of
51 to 44. thus assuring a' prize for them
selves. Russ practically won the game
by a terrific "toss" that neither Powers
1101. Green. could solve. The fifteen points
handicap allowed the latter team was
speedily overcome by Russ' splendid play
ing 1 .
Curley and Bowman defeated. Duffy and
Hewson by a score of 51 to 31. The vic
tcrs played an excellent game. Duff y and
Hewion seemed to be In the air half the
time, and before they could reach terra
firma, the game was a piece of history.
Gleason and Levy won from Cunning
ham and Fltzpatrick by default. Cun
ningham injured his big toe in a former
tournament game and was unable to play.
To-morrow night Gleason and Levy
(scratch) will have another chanea at
Powers and Green O5 aces). The losing
te&m will be put out of the tournament,
Gleason and Levy were defeated by their
opponents by one point in the first meet
ing Both teams are sanguine of victory
and an interesting contest is anticipated
by the devotees of the game.
LOS ANGELES, April lO.-Governsr
Gage returned to-dav from his ranch at
Downey, where he has been recuperating
for. several days. In speaking of President
McKlnley's .visit he expressed the Idea
that the : President might be better
pleased to escape any elaborately ceremo
nious welcomB .upon ias arrival In th-'i
State.. The Governor will meet the. Presi
dent at some point near the State Iin3
anjj give him an informal welcome. He
also will receive the distinguished guests
in ,an appropriate manner when they
reach Sacramento. . •
: The Governor v/as asked if he- expectea
to the Ohio Society's banquet In
San Francisco. He. replied with a smile:
"I am scarcely in a position to say. as
I have not yet been asked. I understana
that General Gleaves »f San Francisco is
president of the Ohio Societv. Some
months a^o he called at the Governor^
office in Sacramento and wanted to know
if I could not come to a contemplated
banquet to be given by the society some
months thereafter. He could not give tb*
time or place of the banquet and the
matter was left open for ««rther cons der
ation. If I receive a foimal written imi
tation it will then be time enough for me
to consider whether I can or cannot b^
present. - The. other lay when, in San
Francisco I endeavored to reach General
Gleaves, but he was so occusied with
other matters that we did not meet and I
left town without the pleasure of seelus
hi The Governor was asked to preside at
the most important banquet to be given
during the President's visit-that In San
Francisco-but he preferred to relinquish
the proffered honor, believing that cou -
teay and etiquette demipded tnat itshou a
fall to the Mayor of San Francisco.
GOVERNOR IS OVERLOOKED
BY THE OHIO SOCIETY
States He Has Not Received a Formal Invi
tation to Attend Banquet to President.
HIGH CLASS STAKES
.U ¦ FOB THE COTJRSER3
Open and Puppy Events to Be Bun
at Union Coursing
Parks.
At Union Coursing Park on Saturday
and Sunday there will be two stakes run
off. a 10S open stake and a 16 puppy event.
The draws are as follows:
Open stake— 103 entries. Curtis & Son's Kin*
Cotton vs. J. R. McCarthy's John Doe; U. C.
Gtasscn's Dew Drop vs. Pasha Kennels Risxy
Attempt; G. Lennon'a Half Moon vs. Pasha
Kennels' Bell Rocket; W. C. Glasson's lone V3.
Ohiarint Bros.' Brass Button; Pasha Kennels
Recording Angel vs. Gold Dust Kennels
hprlngback: E. and R. Scott's Lord Byron vs.
Pasha Kennels' Roman Athlete; Connell Bros.
Mamie Pleasant vs. A. Vanderwhlte s Flora
McDonald; T. Leadwlg's L»dy Garnet vs. J.
He-Idea's Scottish Chief: Aeneid KenneU
Aeneas vs. J. Kennedy's Wine West: Curtis *
Son-s Flying Fox vs. P. J. Rellly s Lcugh
ueagh; S. Handy's Twin City Girl vs. J. P.
Thrift's Tyrone Prince: Pasha Kennels Rural
Artist vs. Pasha Kennels' Random Aim;.H. A.
ixckelman's Master Rocket vs. Pasha Kennels
May Hempstead:-C. O. Peterson's Sliver Cloud
vs. Aeneid Kennels' Athena: H. Lynch s Lilac
vs. Aenetd Kennels' Fine Fire:- P. Jacksona
Golden Russet vs. Cheatham & Partington ¦
Representative: Pasha Kennela' Rather Artful
vs. F. A. McComb's Motto: Curtis A toons
Candelaria vs. Yosemite Kennels' Mone; Pa*"*
Kennels* Roundabout vs. J. Cane' a Greenhall:
F. Jones' Wedgewood vs. Curtis & Son s Me-
Kinley; Curtis & Son's Psyche vs. W. Cairns
Imperial; O. Lennon's Jennie Noyes vs. D. J.
Healy's Tapioca: Curtis & Soa's Narcissus vs.
P. J. Reilly's The Grafter; J. Hurley's O. K.
Capitol va. T. Doyle's Liberator: A., \ander-
Ittrgh's Naughty Girl vs. J. Downing* s i Sir
Lawrt-nce*. Yosemlte Kennels' Freedom's Ban
ner vs. A A. Deckelman's Lawrence: H. H.
Gray's Rena vs. Curtis & Son's War Eagle; T.
Steinhoff's Veto vs. A. R. Harrison's Briar
Koot; Aeneid Kennels' Agamemnon vs. \v. SI.
Hoag's Cecil M.; J. Kennedy's Ever Shore its.
Star Kennels' Blackhead; F. A. McComb's Sir
Pasha vs. Curtis & Son's Vulcan: Lowe &
Thompson's Little Fullerton vs. F. A. Mc-
Cc-mb's Bona Fide; F. Jones' Lavlna va. J. J.
Keenan's Lundln Links; Lande & Gerber s
Ccncord vs. George Sharman's St. Ives; P. J.
Reilly's Royal Union vs. P. Jackson's Honor
Bright: Gold Dust Kennels' Brutus vs. D. D.
Reach's Mike Fenton; Devaney * Joye's Julin
vs. Connell Bros.' Log Boy: t". S. Appleby's K.
G. W. vs. Lande & Gerber' s RIenzi- H.
Lynch' s Lottie M. vs. Chiarinl Bros.' .Santonin;
O. Zahl's Miss Wilson vs. F. A. McComb's
I'cyal Flush; G. Waters' The Chief vs. Sterl
& Knowles' Sleety Mist: D. J. Healy's Fin*
Form vs. Sterl & Knowles' For Glory: J.
Smith's Bony Boy vs. Paaha Kennels' Rollick
ing Airs: M. Fenton's Crockett Hill vs. F.
Jones' Harlean Gladys: E. Geary's America vs.
George Sharman's Chicago Boy: Gecrge Shar
n an's Bowery Boy vs. Curtis & Son'3 Kibosh:
O ZaM's Homer Boy vs. F. A. McComb's
Firm Fellow; Gold Dust Kennels' St. Michael
vs. P. Doyle's Thelma: Curtis. & Son's Cava
l'er Vs. H. H. Gray's Bannockburn; Curtis &
Son's Charta vs. D. D. Roach's All Gretn; J.
J Kenny's Hot Haste vs. Sterl & Knov/les'
Olita: P. Horgan's Manila vs. Star Kennels'
Master Lawrence; J. Smith's Master Work
man vs. E. Geary's Ireland: Curtis & Son's
Luxor vs. Gold Dust Kennels' Forjret.
Puppy, 1« entries— Pa«ha Kennels' Royal
Archer vs. Gaffney & Hawkins' Spartan: S.
Mahoney's Silver Lass vs. J. D. CardineH'a
Union Jack: C. Donnar's Kwang vs. T. Sarr's
Amaille- T. Murr.ane's Bonus vs. S. Mahoney s
Gold Lace; Chiarlni Btob.' Bona Maealflva vs.
M. R Kavanagh's May-be-kind: D. J. Hmly s
Klista vs. AeneW Kennels' • Arsros: «'urtls A
Pen's Have-A-Dash vs; R. E. de B. Loyez A
Son's Chester; "F. Antinge's Flamora .Vs. P.
Doyle's White Ribbon.
TANFOBAN PAEK- Wednesday, April
10, 190L— Weather fine. Track fast.
2272. FIRST RACE— Six and a half fur-
Jongs;., selling; maidens; three-year-olds and
up; purse, $400.
Index, Horse, Wt, Jockey. St. %. Str. Fin.
2254 G. Dewey, 3, 95.. Ransch 3 3 h 3 1 1 h
-2236Gafflr, 3. 95 Murphy 8 6b 4 2 2 4
2199. Cambaceres, 3. 104.Qrgn 1 4 h 5h 3%
2206 J. Welch, 4. 108..Thorpe 4 2 1 1 h 4 h
1774 Rasp, 3. 107.;.... Bennett 5 5 H 6 1V4 5 %
£331 Sailor. 3, 103 Mounce 6 8 Vt 7 2 6 2
. 2140 Sen. Matts, 5. KO.Conley 2 1 h - 2 h 7 2
2048 Honduran, 4, 108. Howell 7 9 2 8 3 8 5
2212 D. Along, 3. 99....Logue 9 10 4 9 3 9 3
2260 Cantinus. 3, 98..Mathwsll 11 11 10 1
2031 Plratta, 3, 100.....Butlerl0 7 1 10 2 11
Time-1-16. :OCJi; %. :24%: %. :48%; 6\it
V.22K- Good start. Won first three driving.
Winner, S. Judge's : b. • g. by 'General Miles-
Georgia. Dewey received a perfect ride.
Gafflr bothered right after start. Too far for
John 'Welch. Sailor cut off at start. Senator
Matts quit. Scratched— Porphyry 99.
Betting— George Dewey, 15; The Gafflr, 9-5;
Cambaceres. 9; John Welch, 8; Rasp, 100;
Sailor, 4; Senator Matts, 20; Honduran, 15;
Dance Along, 25; Cantinus, 15; Piratta, 60. I
2273. SECOND RACE— Four and a half fur
longs; two-year-olds; purse, $400.
Index, Horse. Wt, Jockey. St. %. Str. Fin.
<2249)Brunswick, 110...O'Conr 4 1 V4 1 1 1 IVi"
2249 Huachuca, 108 ...Thorpe 2 2h 2 2 2%
2356 F. Pomona, 110..Howell 5 4 % 4 5 3 2
2256 Irma A. 100 Ransch 3 3 2 3 4 4 6
The Giver. 103.... Butler 8 8 73 52
2232 Geo. Clark. 103.Frawley 6 6 5 6 h 6 3
1578 Evander. 105 Conley 15 1 5 1 7 2
Sen. Bruce. lO'.Basnger 7 73 8 8
Time— 1-16, :06%; %, :23; %, :4S; 4V4f. :54%.
Good start. Won handilv. Second and third
driving. Winner, S. C. Hlldreth's ch. g. by
St. Carlo-Sloe. Brunswick took some riding,
but won easily last sixty yards. If Howell on
Flora Pomona wanted to lose the place, he
made botchy work of It. lifaa A quit. Evan
der not ready and cut off. Scratched— Musique
100.
Betting— Brunswick, 2-7: Huachuca. 15; Flora
Pomona, 7; Irma A, 15; The Giver, 300; George
Clark, 300; Evander, 20; Senator Bruce, 40..
2274. THIRD RACE— Seven furlongs; sell
ing; three-year-olds and up; purse, $350.
Index. Horse, Wt, Jockey. St. %. Str. Fin.
2240 Loconomo. 6, lll.Thorpe 3 3 1 1 % 1 1
2164 S. Lake, 3, 95 WalshlO 9 3 * Vi 2 \i
2258 Alicia, a. 107..... Russell 6 5h 3h 3h
2234 McAlbert. 6. NW.Murphy 2' 1 H 2 h 4 h
2229 B. Caldwell,3. 104. 0' Con 8. 6 H 6 2 5 H
2238 Osmond, 5, 109...Domnk 7 8 2 7 2 6 h
2241 Urchin, 4, 108....Mounce 4 7 h 6^73
2219 Moringa, 6, 109..Basngr 5 4h 9 2 8 4
222S Compass. 3, 97...Ranschll 10 1 10 10 9 1
2219 Mission. 4, 110.... Conley 1 2 1 8 % 10 15
2262 Commuter, 3, 9S.. Adams 9 11 11 11
Time— %. :13tf; U. :25%; %. :50; %. 1:29.
Good start. Won first three driving. Winner.
W. Adams' b. m. by St. Saviour-Lillle W.
Had Screenwell Lake not been cut off at the
jump she would have rolled in. Too far for
McAlbert. Caldwell has lost his form. Urchin
Is all right on a muddy track. Compass no
chance. Mission, badly interfered with by Mc-
Albert. Scratched— Nellie Forest 97.
Betting— Loconomo, 8: Screen Well Lake. 25;
Alicia. 40; McAlbert, 20; Benson Caldwell,
13-5; Osmond. 8; Urchin. 7; Moringa, 15; Com
pass. 7; Mission, 5; Commuter, 200.
2275. FOURTH RACE— Six furlongs; four
year-olds and upward r purse,' $400.
Index. Horse. Wt. Jockey. St. Vi- Str. Fin.
2112 Gonfalon, 4, 109..O'Conr 14 5 2 1 1 ns
2223 Prejudice, 4, 96...Ransch 2 3 1 3 1 2 h
15C3 Tayon, 4. 101...Dominick 4 2 1 In 3 5
2263 Yellowtall, 4, lOl.Thorpe 3 1 h 4 15 4 25
2202 Looram. a, . 101 Hoar 5 5 5 5
2251 Babbler, 5, 104. Ma thews Left
Time— %. :23%; %. :47%; %. 1:12%. Good start.
Winner, S. C. Hlldreth's ch. h. by Fonso-Faler
na. Had Dominick on Tayon not chased out
with Yellowtail his mount could have won.
As It was O'Connor on winner crowded Tayon
from the furlong pole home. Yellowtail gave
It up. Prejudice would have won In another
jump. Scratched— Mocorlto 107.
Betting— Gonfalon, 16-5; Prejudice. 10; Tayon.
11-5; Yellowtall. 3-2; Looram, 300; Babbler,
coupled with Yellowtall. . :
S27G. FIFTH RACE— Six and a half furlongs;
selling; maidens; three-year-olds and upward;
purse, $400. *
Index. Horse. Wt, Jockey. St. % *A- Fin.
2266 Cath. Bravo. 3, 93.Rnsch .2 14 12 16
2198 Canejo. 4, 106....Mounce 6 6*4 5% 2 1
2266 Cerro Santa, 3. 93. ...Fox 5 2 2 2 4 3 3
2162 Lucera, 3, 95.... J WalshlO 9 3 6 Vi KVi
2266 Carlovignian, 3. 95.Redfn 8 10 15 7 1 5 2
2252 William F. 4, 10S See 7 6 2 4 1 6 2
2212 Robert J, 3, 98...Murphyll 7 h 8 % 7 4
1947 Position, 4, 106. W. Flynn 9 4^32 81
2114 Road Agent. 3. 97.Butler 4 8 2 10 9 5
•2140 Barsfield, 4. 106 Fog 3 3 1 8^104
1613 J. Doherty, 4, 10S.Hazardl2 11 11 11
2208 Abbyleix L, 4, 1C4. Stuart 1 Pulled up ...
Time-1-16. :07; %, :24*i; 14. :4S%; 6%f. 1:22%.
Good start. Won easily. Second and third
driving. Winner, Ed Carey's b. f. by Rio
Bravo-Catherlne B. Winner off sailing with
out interference. Weak finish lost the place
for Cerro Santa. Abbyleix L knocked against
fence on far turn.
Betting— Catherine Bravo, 3; Canejo, 4; Cerro
Santa, 80: Lucera, 6; Carlovignian. 100; W11-
llam F, 4: Robert J. 30; Position. 60; Road
Agent. 15; Sarsfleld, 30; J. Doherty, 100; Abby
leix L. 30. • . .
2277. SIXTH RACE— Seven furlongs: pell
ing; three-year-olds and upward; puree. $350.
Index. Horse, Wt, Jockey. St. %. Str. Fin.
(2250) Don Luis, 6, 109.. Ransch 4 8^72 In
2238 Vain, 4, 108.... O'Connor 7 3 h 2 2 2 2
2252 Alaska. «. lll.-Burlgam 8 6 h 3 2 8 1
2231 Montallade, a, Ul.Mnce 9 7 h 5 hi * 2
1825 Asian, 4, 113...Weddstrd 5 11 11 5 3
2197 Artilla. 4, 106 Conley 1 11 11 6 4
(2206)GHssando, 4, 1Q8.. Thorpe 6 2 h 4 1 7 2
2223 T. Irishman, 4. 114,Trner 2 5 n 8 5 8 1
2136 Romany, 6, lll..Bennettl0 10 2 9 *4 9 2
<2247) Rlnaldo, 6, U3..Domnck 3 4 2 6 h 10 4
(2230)NUgay, 5, 109 Haneyll 9 5 10 11
Time-K. :25; U. :«: %. I:WH: ft. 1:28%.
Good start. Won first three driving. Winner,
C. Spooner's eh. g. by Imp. Midlothian-Ala
meda. Tame Irishman ran wild, but will soon
be In captivity again. Don tails outgamed
Vain. Asian stopped. Artilla cut off early.
Rlnaldo quit. Nllgar away badly and no
chance. Scratched-Jlm McCleevy 112.
Betting— Don Luis, 15; Vain, 3; Alaska. 30;
Montallade, 9; Asian. 15; Artilla, 20; Gllssando,
20; Tame Irishman, 12-5; Romany, 500; Rlnaldo,
6;'Nilgar, 9.
YELLOWTAIL NOT INSIDE
THE MONEY AT TAN FO RAN
In a Fierce Drive Gonfalon Wins the Deci
sion Over Prejudice—Ransch in Form.
BY F. Et MTJXHX)IiIiAND.
yr vr ELLOWTAIL, the one-time $10,
\V/ 000 beauty, will soon, ,become
\Y about as badly a battered up pub-
Jf He idol as was ever paraded by
the grand stand. With a huge
chunk of weight off his previous perform
ance, which was a very ordinary _one»
Captain Hackett's horse appeared in the
fix-furlong purse run at Tanforan .yes
terday carrying only Charley Thorpe and
104 pounds on his broad back. Meeting
him on nearly equal terms were Gonfalon.
Prejudice, Tavon, Looram and Babbler.
The last two had only a small part in th<*
chorus. As Babbler happens to put up, at
the same boarding-house, he had the hon
or of being coupled in the betting with
the star YellowtaH. and 3 to 2 was the
best obtainable at the box office. Tayon
was to be seen at his best in this cast,
and from 34 to 5 he was backed to 11 to 5.
Gonfalon, himself a virtuoso in the East
before making: the California trip, has be
come acclimated and came in for steady
support, while far frcm the end stall came
& Up en Prejudice, with only ninety-six
pounds to juggle, that caused a quiet play.
"When the curtain was raised Thorpe
rushed Yellowtail away in front, and
Dominick astrike Tayon foolishly tried to
outfoot him the first half, which was cov
ered in :47&. It was not long before the
favorite had enough, and Tayon hit the
stretch first. O'Connor next moved up
with Gonfalon and resorted to rough
work, laying over against Bookmaker
Cooks' horse the last eighth of a mile,
while Tayon. to hold his own. endeavored
to savace Gonfalon. . Tayon was knocked
off his stride, and though beaten but a
head altogether Gonfalon was called on
to K;eet a. fresh one in Prejudice, with J.
Ransch up, which came like a shadow,
losing the verdict by a nose only in 1:12*.
yellowtail rumbled in five lengths farther
back. Had Dominick nursed Tayon the
first part, that horse could have won.
Only One of Many Upsets.
This upset was only one of many that
has helped the bookmakers' end of it
along for the last few days, for the ring
has been experiencing halycon times.
Brunswick and Catherine Bravo repre
sented the winning favorites, the other
purses falling to long shots George
Dewey, Loconomo and Don Luis, only
backed in a weak-hearted sort of way.
The Gaffer has a hard time trying to
win a purse. The Uncas gelding went to
the post favorite for the six and a half
furlong sprint that opened the racing and
was beaten out a head by the 15 to 1
George Dewey. John Welch, a well-touted
one, led to the stretch and then blew up.
Sailor, another backed one, met with ad
verse luck at the start, finishing back in
the ruck.
Brunswick Heeded "Urging.
Brunsjvick, the record breaker, required
some urging on -the part of O'Connor to
beat Huachuca for the two-year-old
scramble at four and a half furlongs.
Closing a 2 to 7 favorite, the fast young
ster once seemed to hang below the pad
dock, but when shaken up drew away,
winning by more than a length in :54%.
From a time standpoint the race was a
good one. as a stiff breeze blew down the
home stretch. Considerably messed about.
Flora Pomona finished a close third.
Long shots completely smothered the
shorter priced horses in the seven-furlong
selling affair which followed, the winner
turning up in Loconomo, a 10 to 1 chance,
ridden by Charley Thorpe. The "old man"
did some tall hustling on Loconomo and,
passing McAlbert in the stretch, downed
Screenwell Lake a length, hard ridden.
Alicia, at .odds of 40 to 1, ran into the
show. Benson Caldwell wds again In
stalled favorite, but seemed unable to
keep up.
There was nothing much to recommend
any of the starters in the second maiden
event at six and a half furlongs. Cath
erine Bravo had the call and won all the
way. Canejo, Under Mounce's riding,
snatched the place from Cerro Santa.
Tame Irishman did not seem to be bris
tling with speed, even If he was made
favorite for the final run over seven fur
longs. Money bet on the horse was money
thrown away. After Asian had tired Vain
took the lead, when he was in turn col
lared and downed a head by the 15 to 1
shot Don Luis.
To-Day's Entries.
First race— Six and s half furlongs; four
•ear-olds and upward : . selling:
214* Ijoving Cup. ...109 (2242)The Pride Ill
2271 Vohicer 106 2263 Gibraltar 114
Hindoonet 114 2270 Danger's Mald.106
2212 Isallne 106 2157 Sea lAoa 109
"BUFFALO" THE LATEST FAD
ALONG THE BIBULOUS "LINE"
THE SAN FK AN CISCO CALL, THURSDAY^ ;AFRIL : 11, 1901.
CALL'S RACING FORM CHART
4
Time % Time!" * Time " Tkne
Date r Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
. H.W h W .-'. H ; W L W
11 ¦;;. 3:36 4. S 10:52 0.5 6:18 ,4.5 11:17 3~t
12 .:. 4:50 ,4.7 11:52 0.6 7:07 4.8
L. W • ¦- H W L. \V : H W .
13 ... 0:30 2.6 S:10 4.7 12:43 0.6 7:40 .5.0
14 ... 1:28 ' 2.1 7:25 4.8 1:43 0.7 S:S0 5.3
15 ... 2:23 1.4 8:31 4.9 2:33 0.9 9:10 5.5
16 .V. .3:11 0.8 J 9:35 5.1 -3:20 ,1.1 9:45 5.8
17..;. .3:39 0.2 10:34 , 5.3| - 4:03 1.2 10:25 .6.1
Steamer,
From.
I
Due
Argo Coqullle River Apr. 11
City of Para Panama & Way Ports.. Apr. 11
St. Paul New York via Panama Apr. 11
Pomona Humboldt - Apr. 11
Grace Dollar:.. Grays Harbor Apr. 11
Santa Rosa San Diego Apr. 11'
Point Arena.... Point Arena Apr. 11
Llmari Valparaiso & Way Pts Apr. 11
Wellington Oyster" Harbor Apr. 11
Nome City San Pedro Apr. 12
Mandalay Coqullle River Apr. 12
Empire Coos Bay -.. Apr. 12
Walla Walla... Puget Sound Ports Apr. 12
Washtenaw.... Tacoma Apr. 12
W. H. Kruger.. San Pedro Apr. 12
Robt. Dollar... Seattle Apr. 12
San Pedro Humboldt Apr. 13
Bonita Newport Apr. 14
Crescent City.. Crescent City Apr. 14
Eureka Humboldt* Apr. 14
Arcata Coos Bay Apr. 14
Fulton Gray* Harbor : . Apr. 14
Queen; San Diego Apr. 11
G. \V. Elder.... Portland and Astoria.. Apr. 15
North Fork Humboldt Apr. 15
Mackinaw Seattle Apr. 15
Kvarven Nanalmo Apr. 15
Doric China and Japan..' (Apr. 18
Corona Newport !Apr. 17
UmatiUa Puget Sound Ports |Apr. 17
Steamer. Destination. • . Sails. Pier.
April 11. ;¦•.•"
Argo Coqullle River .... 4 pm Pier 2
City Sydney.. Panama & Way,.. 12 m PMSS
Eureka Humboldt :.. 9 am Pier 13
State of Cal.. Puget Sound Ports U am PJer 9
April 12.
Coronado Grays Haj-bor 5 pmlPler 2
Newburg Grays Harbor 5 pm Pier 2
Alliance Ptld & Coos Bay. 9 am Pier 27
W. Kruger... Tillamook Bay .... 5 pm Pier 13
Corona Newport 9 amlPJer 11
Pentaur Hamburg- A. Way.. — pm Pier 27
April 13.
Pomona Humboldt •— 2 pm Pier 9
Empire Coos Bay ". 12 m Pier 13
Columbia Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier Zi
Point Arena., point Arena 2 pm Pier 2
. . April 14. : .
Santa Rosa... San Diego .". 9 am Pier 11
. - i .April 15. . . ,. 1 .
Grace Dollar. Orays Harbor 12 .m Pier 2
Al»ril 10. • :
.Nome City.... Seattle direct 4 pra PJer 2
Arcata Coos Bay 12 m Pier 13
Walla Walla. Pujret . Sound Ports 11 am Pier 9
Bonlta. Newport 9 am Pier 11
Mandalay Coquille River pi er 2
April 17.
China.. '. China and Janan.. 1 pm PMSS
Limari..' Valparaiso * Way Pier —
Ventura Sydney &. Way Pts 9 pm Pier 7
Queen .San. Diego ¦¦ | 9 am[Pler 11
Steamer,
From.
I
Due
Argo Coqullle River Apr. 11
City of Para Panama & Way Ports.. Apr. 11
St. Paul New York via Panama Apr. 11
Pomona Humboldt - Apr. 11
Grace Dollar:.. Grays Harbor Apr. 11
Santa Rosa San Diego Apr. 11'
Point Arena.... Point Arena Apr. 11
Llmari Valparaiso & Way Pts Apr. 11
Wellington Oyster" Harbor Apr. 11
Nome City San Pedro Apr. 12
Mandalay Coqullle River Apr. 12
Empire Coos Bay -.. Apr. 12
Walla Walla... Puget Sound Ports Apr. 12
Washtenaw.... Tacoma Apr. 12
W. H. Kruger.. San Pedro Apr. 12
Robt. Dollar... Seattle Apr. 12
San Pedro Humboldt Apr. 13
Bonita Newport Apr. 14
Crescent City.. Crescent City Apr. 14
Eureka Humboldt* Apr. 14
Arcata Coos Bay Apr. 14
Fulton Gray* Harbor : . Apr. 14
Queen; San Diego Apr. 11
G. \V. Elder.... Portland and Astoria.. Apr. 15
North Fork Humboldt Apr. 15
Mackinaw Seattle Apr. 15
Kvarven Nanalmo Apr. 15
Doric China and Japan..' (Apr. 18
Corona Newport !Apr. 17
UmatiUa Puget Sound Ports |Apr. 17
Time % Time!" * Time " Tkne
Date r Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
. H.W h W .-'. H ; W L W
11 ¦;;. 3:36 4. S 10:52 0.5 6:18 ,4.5 11:17 3~t
12 .:. 4:50 ,4.7 11:52 0.6 7:07 4.8
L. W • ¦- H W L. \V : H W .
13 ... 0:30 2.6 S:10 4.7 12:43 0.6 7:40 .5.0
14 ... 1:28 ' 2.1 7:25 4.8 1:43 0.7 S:S0 5.3
15 ... 2:23 1.4 8:31 4.9 2:33 0.9 9:10 5.5
16 .V. .3:11 0.8 J 9:35 5.1 -3:20 ,1.1 9:45 5.8
17..;. .3:39 0.2 10:34 , 5.3| - 4:03 1.2 10:25 .6.1
Steamer. Destination. • . Sails. Pier.
April 11. ;¦•.•"
Argo Coqullle River .... 4 pm Pier 2
City Sydney.. Panama & Way,.. 12 m PMSS
Eureka Humboldt :.. 9 am Pier 13
State of Cal.. Puget Sound Ports U am PJer 9
April 12.
Coronado Grays Haj-bor 5 pmlPler 2
Newburg Grays Harbor 5 pm Pier 2
Alliance Ptld & Coos Bay. 9 am Pier 27
W. Kruger... Tillamook Bay .... 5 pm Pier 13
Corona Newport 9 amlPJer 11
Pentaur Hamburg- A. Way.. — pm Pier 27
April 13.
Pomona Humboldt •— 2 pm Pier 9
Empire Coos Bay ". 12 m Pier 13
Columbia Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier Zi
Point Arena., point Arena 2 pm Pier 2
. . April 14. : .
Santa Rosa... San Diego .". 9 am Pier 11
. - i .April 15. . . ,. 1 .
Grace Dollar. Orays Harbor 12 .m Pier 2
Al»ril 10. • :
.Nome City.... Seattle direct 4 pra PJer 2
Arcata Coos Bay 12 m Pier 13
Walla Walla. Pujret . Sound Ports 11 am Pier 9
Bonlta. Newport 9 am Pier 11
Mandalay Coquille River pi er 2
April 17.
China.. '. China and Janan.. 1 pm PMSS
Limari..' Valparaiso * Way Pier —
Ventura Sydney &. Way Pts 9 pm Pier 7
Queen .San. Diego ¦¦ | 9 am[Pler 11
What is wanted of soap
for the skin is to wash it
clean and not hurt it.
Pure soap does that. This
is why we want pure soap;
and when we say pure,
we mean without alkali.
Pears' is pure; no free
alkali. There are a thou-
sahd virtues of soap; this
one is enough. You can
trust a soap that has no
biting alkali in it. .
All sorts of stores sell it, especially
druggists; all sorts of people use it'
If the woman at wort should make
answer to the other woman, she might,
perhaps, say: "You never had to scrub
and clean -when your back ached so that
it seemed • that every movement would
break it in two." It's bad enough for a
•woman to suffer. But when she > must
suffer and slave at the same time she
reaches the limit of her endurance.
• Weak women who have been' made
strong by the use of Dr. Pierce's Favor-
ite Prescription, recommend it to others
as a godsend. It establishes regularity,
dries weakening drains; heals inflamma-
tion and ulceration and cures female
' weakness.
'« I 'have been ailing some 'tinie now, beia»
troubled with female weakness." writes Mrs.
Win. H. Johnson, of Avondale, Chester Coi. Pa.
« Every month I would have to lie on mv beck
I tried many different medicines *nd nothing
'gave me relief until I began Dr.- Pierce's •medi-
cines, using two bottles of ' Favorite Prescrip-
tion' and two.cf 'Golden Medical Discovery.'
These medicines have cured me.' • When Ibejrnn
' vour treatment I was cot able to do very much,
but now I do the work for my family of nine,
and fcel better txiay than I have for a year." •
Dr. Pierce's Pleasant Pellets curs- bil-
iousness and sick headache. -They do
not create the pill habit. ... "
ADVERTISEMENTS.John T. Scott Improving.
_ The condition of John T. ! Scott, superin
tendent 'of the Union - Iron .Works,", whose
leg- was ; broken, at; the launching of the
Spokane, . Is greatly improved. , Mr/ Scott
expects to be able to attend the launching
of the Ohio, i He Is under, treatment 1 at 'St
Luke's ' Hospital."
Cheaper Than Staying at Hcme. •
Twenty dollars. Including berth and
meals, for a five days' trip on the elegant
steamship Corona, sailing every Fridav
for San Pedro and Lqs Angeles, calllne at
Santa Cruz, Monterey, Port Harford, Gav
iota,, Santa . Barbara, Ventura and other
Interesting. points, allowing time for pas
sengers, to go ashore,' arriving -at ¦ San
Francisco Wednesday morning. Pacific.
Coast 'Steamship Comoany. office 4 New
Montgomery street, under Palace Hotel -
The wholesale merchants of San Fran
cisco who have furnished goods to mer
chants doing business in the neighborhood
of the Presidio have taken up the fight
of the men who deal with the soldiers
anu r.'ho are liable to be tossed In the
air when- they attempt to collect/, the
amounts, due them. .
A committee consisting of A.' Brown,
Gustav Breuner and Frank Vail.,repre
senting the creditors of Brick & Co., vis
ited General Shatter yesterday, and as a
result' of the visit the commanding gen
era! of the Department of California has
promised to investigate the charges made
against certain army officers who are ac
cused of standing idly by while the men
of the Thirtieth Infantry maltreated the
men who attempted to collect the sums
due them for outfits furnished the men of
trio Thirtieth Infantrv.
The creditors of Brick & Co. met yes
terday in the rooms of the San Francisco
Board of Trade and listened to the
charges . made by Morris Brick, - •who
claimed that | Major Steele of • the Thir
tieth Infantry stood idly, by while his men
laid violent hands on the collectors for
the firms who had ' given ¦ his men credit
for unlimited amounts. Brick said that
his men were given passes by Major Steele
which granted them the privilege of en
tering ,the ¦ camp of the Thirtieth Infan
try for the purpose . of collecting the
amounts due him . for , clothing furnished
the soldiers. Brick's men were allowed
to enter the camp. - but ¦ when . they at
tempted to collect the amounts due 1 him
they were thrown into a blanket- and
tossed • into the air. The result * of this
treatment was a loss of $3800 owed to him
by the men. of the Thirtieth, and a pros
pect, of losinc $10,000 due ¦ him -. from other
regiments. Brick, -on account of losing
such a sum, was compelled to ask that a
receiver be appointed. •,*•,' • . . - .
Inorder to protect themselves from such
treatment in the future Brick and other
merchants have brought the case to the
attention of the wholesalers, ,who will lose
a -large " amount unless ; the volunteers to
be - discharged here ¦ are - given to under
stand that . they will be held responsible
for debts contracted by them. -
All the merchants ask is that their col
lectors be protected- from the -men who
¦will leave the city owing the dealers large
amounts unless the latter are given an op
portunity, to collect the money; due -.them.*
Presidio Dealers' Creditors
Protest Against Methods
of Soldiers.;
MERCHANTS ASK
FOR PROTECTION
THEIR PLACES
IN JEOPARDY
Board May Remove Deputies
in Office of School De-'
partment.4:>-
The undignified sauabble that has been
irolng on. between the Board of Education
and Superintendent of Schools Webster
reached its culminating point yesterday.
Attorney Denman, wno has filed two de
mands of $500 each for legal services ren
dered the board, submitted an opinion in
which he holds that the board has abso
lute authority, under the charter, over the
Deputy Superintendent of Schools. This
opinion was presented as a measure of re
taliation for the unkind things said by
the Superintendent's office about the ex
orbitant charge of Denman for what is
termed petty legal services.
While Denman's opinion Is not official
and cannot be accepted as such, the board
received it with pleasurable feelings and
President Kincaid was immediately au
thorized to communicate with City At
tornev Lane with a view toward securing
his opinion. Should Lane agree with Den
man it means that the four deputies in
Webster's office— Klngsbury. Jordan, How
ard and- Sullivan— will lose their official
heads. The board has openly declared it*
unfriendliness for the deputies and it hails
with delight the possibility of getting ic
venge for all the criticism it has been
subjected to. Director Casscrly, who is
especially bitter, favors the increase of
the deputies' salaries :"rom $150 to $2.10 D3r
month if the courts decide that. the board
is entitled to appoint the officials named
Superintendent Webster laughs at the
desire of the board to assume control over
his deputies and is not afraid that he wiil
be deprived of his prerogative in the prem
ises. He says he will not sign any salary
demands of deputies except for those of
his own selection. Webster auotes tna
charter, which says that "the Superinten-,
dent shall appoint four' deputies." Den
man's opinion follows: . ¦
I have to advise you that you have no war
rant, cither imder the charter or the State
Uw, to provide for or pay out a salary to
the Deputy Superintendents of Schools. The
only method by which you can acquire Juris
diction to pay a salary to these gentlemen'
would be to employ them under that sec^on
01 tbe cliaiter giving you the power -to em
ploy all !K!tt>ons necessary to carry into effect
your powers and duties. It would, of * course,
be required of you that you decide that these
gentlemen are necessary to the efficient dis
charge of your duties. I must call your at
tention to the fact, however, that the Super
intendent is reported to have eaid that you
acquire from the charter no greater powers
than under the 'State laws. If the Superin
tendent be correct, which I seriously doubt,
even such employment of these gentlemen
would be impossible. .
President Kincaid expresses a determin
ation to recommend the appointment - of
two women deputies if the appointing
power is transferred from the Superinten
dent to the board. In discussing the sub
ject Mrs. Kincaid said:
In view of the fact that . so large a num
ber of children- In the deijartment are in prim
ary grades, it .is. in my opinion, an absolute
necessity to have at least one woman deputy.
If not two. No matter how thoroughly well
informed a man may be, .in psychological and
pedagogical lines, he cannot possibly, deal with
child nature In the earliest years aa a woman
can.
Attorney Denman's Demand.
No action • was taken .by the board In
regard to Attorney Deuman's demand for
S10U0 for legal advice. . Casserley made . a
defense of ths • attorney, -who has been
Mare Island Carpenter Killed.
VALLEJO. April 10.— J. K. P. Elliott, a
carpenter employed In the yards and docks
department of the navy yard, was killci
this morning while at work by belntj
struck by a falling telephone pole. An
iron step on the pole penetrated his skull
and he died ten minutes later at the nava;
dispensary without having regained con
«:iou5ness. Elliott was a veteran of the
<"lvil War. Besides a widow three daugh
ters and two sons survive him.
Apostle Cannon's Condition.
MONTEREY. AprU lO.-George Q. Can
non is still alive, but growing steadily
weaker. Dr. Clift srave out a bulletin to
night stating that the vitality of the pa
tient is marvelous. His life was despaired
of this morning, but this evening he Is, if
anything, rallying. It is only a matter
of a short time, however, till the end
comes.
, National guardsmen of California are
looking forward to ai delightful summer
outing at Santa CruzA Adjutant General
Seamans expects that all ' the troops of
the State will go into camp on June 15,"
and remain on the tented field until Juno
23.' It is also expected that Governor
Gage, commandcr-in-chief, will attend the
encampment, although the immediate
command of the- forces In the field will
devolve tippn Major General John ¦ H.
Dickinson, division commander.
The First. Second. Fifth, Sixth and Sev
enth regiments of infantry and four
troops of cavalry, will comprise the divi
sion. The adjutant general estimates
that 3000 guardsmen will assemble at San
ta Cruz.
Considerable expense will attach to the
transportation of troops stationed at Los
Angeles and other points south of Te
hachapi. It is figured, however, that the
sum of $12,000 will cover the cost of trans
porting men, horses^and camp equipage
to and from Santa Cruz. The Southern
Pacific Company can afford to make a
low nUe to the State from the south and
the Interior to Monterey Bay, as the en
campment will attract visitors other than
the military to the scene of.summer.ma
neuvers.
The State troops are fairly well sup
plied'.with regular and shelter tents,
ranges, blankets and mess outfits. Ther°
.will be no necessity for additional outlay
in this line of equipment. The guard as
now constituted is decidedly shy of artil
lery. -There is not even a saluting sec
tion of artillery in the division. The ad
jutant general recommends that four bat
teries of coast artillery be organized, but
the, organization cannot be; perfected in
time for the summer encampment. Major
General Dickinson and Adjutant General
Seamans will doubtless devise some meth
od . of saluting -the Governor when the
commander-in-chief.. accompanied by his
staff, enters the camp. •
City Guard's Anniversary.
Company B, First Infantry Regiment cf
the National Guard, known in the long
ago. as the City. Guard, will celebrate the
forty-seventh' anniversary of its organiza
tion by a grand ball in Golden Gate Hall
on Monday, the 22d inst. It will be a full
dress affair. The officers and members
will be In uniform. .
All Organized Forces of the
National Guard ] Will
Go Into Catajp.
SUMMER OUTING
AT SANTA CRUZ
criticized for exacting so high a fee.
The balloting for the election of a prin
cipal in the Cooper School resulted in the
usual deadlock over Miss Smith and Miss
Sullivan and the matter was indefinitely
postponed.-
The petitions from the residents of Eu
reka Valley for a school in that district
and from the residents in the viclnitv *t
the Cliff House for the reopening of their
school was taken under advisement.
Miss Harriet E. Worden, Miss Annie F.
Perkins and Director Cecil W. Mark wero
recommended to the State Board of Edu
cation for life diplomas of the grammar
grade..
Miss M. Nolan, No. 1 on the substitute
list; was assigned to the Bernal School.
Miss A. Thomas, No. 1 en the unassigned
list, was placed upon the substitute list.
J. E. GallagTier, janitor of the Horace
Mann School, wa^s dismissed, and James
Needham appointed to succeed him. j
STANDING in a bower of American
Beauty roses Miss Cornelia Mc-
Ghee Baxter and Hugh Tevis wero
married last evening in one of the
private parlors of the Palace Ho
tel. Rev. Dr. Foute of Grace Church of
ficiated.
It was a most impressive ceremony, wit-
nessed only by the immediate relatives of
the happy couple, who met and loved and
were married all within a month.
If there had been several hundred
guests instead of only sixteen present no
more elaborate preparations could havo
been made for the ceremony, no closer at
tention given to the little details that
went to make tip the perfect and magnifi
cent whole. The wedding was solemnised
in the parlor of suite 190, first floor of the
SAN FRANCISCO MAN AND A
' DENVER BEAUTY WEDDED AT
THE PALACE.
yards In length. The. front "of the skirt
was of the tucked mousseline with inser
tions, of lace. . A knot of orange blossoms
fastened to the left shoulder and a wreath
of the eame flowers, which held the veil
in place, completed the exauisite costume.
Mrs. Baxter, mother, of the bride, wore
an elegant gown of pale lavender bro
caded velvet. The skirl was made en train
and the decollete corsage was trimmed
with (tuantlties of rari? old lace. -¦
Those who were pre&ent at the wedding
were: Mr. and Mrs. George W. Baxter,
the Misses Margaret. Katherine and Elea
nor Baxter, Master McGheo Baxter, Mr?.
Lloyd Tevis. Mr. and Mrs. Gordon Bland
ing-. Miss Blanding. Lloyd Breckinridge.
Miss Florence Breckinridge. Carter Tevis,
Mr. and Mrs. Will Tevis and Dr. Harry
Li. Tevis.. • .
Mr. and Mrs. Hugh Tevis will leave this
morning for a bridal trip, but where they
are going; is a profound secret. On their
return they will visit Mrs. Lloyd Tevis for
a week and then # occupv for a lime Mr.
Tevis' new place at Monterey. . .
}<IG SALES OF PRUNES.
AT REDUCED PRICES
Six Hundred Carloads Are Expected
to Be Moved Within a Few
Days.
SAN JOSE, April 10.— The reduction of
the prire of prurcs to a 2-cent basi& by the
fured Fruit Association is the most im
port aiit move ytt mad* by that body, and
the growers look for imm?diate results in
the way cf lars^e shipments Kast. Since the
cut made yesterday afternoon the associa
tion has sold more than double the num
ber of carloads than have been sold since
."anuary 1. Six hundred carloads of fruit
p.re expected to be moved within the next
few days.
The following is the scale of prices for
prunes, net to the grower: 60 to 70. 2%
cents per pound; 70 to SO, 2% cents; 80 to
?9. l^i cents; 90 to 100, 1*4 cents. Those are
prices in sacks and the usual additions
are made for racking In 25 and 50 pound
boxes.
Owing to the decision of Judge Sea well
In the Alnsworth case the directors of the
< "ured Fruit Association will at the annu
al meeting in May submit to the growers
the question whether or not the associa
tion ehall continue.
Judge Bond said that the directors have
.l^ad the proposed cut to 2 cents under
consideration since the first of the year.
At the end of fifteen days, by operation
of the resolution making the reduction,
the price will fro back to 3 cents.
Palace. Dr. Harry L. Tevis, brother of
the groom, took charge of the decora
tions and personally helped - to rear the
gorgeous bower within .which his brother
and. the, Denver beauty ¦ pronounced the
words that united them ' forever and for
aye. . . . • - -
It was a bower^ worthy of the fair young
.bride. Hundreds of beautiful American
Beauty " roses "were used ! In j its. "construc
tion and the effect of the whole 'was a
rose garden . In • full bloom. The bower of
roses was erected in the bav window and
the mantle directly o&posite, the window
wa3 completely blotted from sight under
' a bank of natural orange blossoms. ; In
the adjoining apartment, in which the
. table was spread, an immense silver vase
filled with magnificent bright red carna
tions occupied the place of honor in the
center of the board and was the only
. floral decoration in the room.
Promptly 'at half-past 8 Miss Baxter
and Hugh Tevis faceJ Dr. Foute and were
united in the holy, bonds of matrimony;
There were no bridesmaids or maid of
honor to wait upon the bride, no best man
or ushers for the groom. ¦
The bride was a Tare vision of loveli
ness in her gown . of glistening, white
Louislne duchess silk. The" corsage was
made. with yoke and sleeves of tiny tucked
,mousseline de cole. The skirt was made
with an immense train measuring three
One Bill Is Passed by the Territorial
Lawmakers and That Provides
for Their Own Ex- y-
Special Correspondence of The CalL
HONOLULU, April 4.— The split in the
Independent party, predicted in The Call
two weeks ago. has come. It is only
definite between the retired President, Dr.
rtussel. and William White, as to the Sen
ate, and some defection from the tram
ways' franchise as to the House. The dis
pensary bill Is shelved for the present, on
« strong ad\-erse committee report in the
Senate. It caused a disruption of the six
Republican members of the Senate—Car
ter standing out alor.e to support the bill.
The joint resolution for a conference to
elect holdover Senators brought about the
meeting, only to have It discovered that
the resolution itself— the document— had
been lost. There Is talk about bribery In
the matter, as also in regard to the tram
ways. The conference broke up like an
incipient mob.
The Legislature has passed but one bill,
r.nd that is to provide for Its own ex
penses.
Thf House of Representatives has en-
EHged in another controversy with Gover
nor Dol*\ The executive yesterday sent a
communication to the House replying
lo a request for data and the House or
dered Its clerk to return the document to
the Governor with a notice that it was
"not in proper shape." because it was
signed "Sanford U. Dele." without any
litlo being affixed to the signature. This
»i«-tion was taken because the Governor
leoently sent a resolution back to the
Houfp on account of its being uncertified
t-y thp Secretary.
Tn his Setter th? Governor declined to
tr-sjiond to a call for general information
• •n subjects connected with proceedings
"f th«* Executive Council, stating that he
required specific demands for certain data
nn<i thst there did not appear to be any
subject before the House on which any
<'ata was notded by the members. On
receiving his returned communication the
•Joverncr pent another note to the House,
merely acknowledging It and signing
again Recording to his custom, with his
name only.
The rtfcmpr Upolu. a small Inter-island
vessel owned by HJrd. Rolph & Co.. is re
ported en the reef at Puku. Hawaii. The
news was sent to Honolulu by wireless
1 elf graph from Maukona, and no particu
lars have been received. She is a 100-ton
Ftramor that has long been used between
th<" islands.
Dr. Robert McKlbbon. one of the old
cvfclte residents of Hawaii, died yesterday
at his home in Makawao, Maui. He came
to Honolulu In 1S53. ar.d had lived here
e\or rinoe, being for a time house physi
cian at the CJuc-en's -Hospital. He was a
native of County Down. Ireland, and -a
member of local British clubs. Liver com
llair.t and old age were the causes of his
death.
Political Factions Clash in
the Legislature of
INDEPENDENTS
ARE DIVIDED
• The preliminary examination of Daniel
Sullivan came up before Justice of th3
Peace Percy Long yesterday morning, but
by consent - of all . persons concerned it
went over until next AVednesdav morning.
The matter being unaer investigation by
the Grand- Jury, It was deemed advisable
to let the court case. lapse until the Grand
Jury had arrived at some conclusion. The
case to be tried is that of forging the
name of J. Evans, a saloon-keeper, doing
business at 116 Eddv street, to an order
for $500 bail money. I*. Ji.Lennon and W.
S. Barnes appeared as attorneys for Suili
van. -.'¦.-.. ¦ . .
In the meantime, while Sullivan is being
held for trial, the city . officials affected
byrthe fraudulent transactions of the war
rant and bond clerk's assistant are indus
triously engaged in shutting the prover
bial barn door, having just realized that it
was too wide open. The request of the
Treasurer to the City and County Attor
ney for an opinion on the duties of th3
Auditor in the matter of bail demands
was the first step. The opinion of the at
torney, as published yesterday, was that
the Auditor had everything to do with
them and the last stec is the expressed
willingness of the Auditor to take the
added work upon hi^ office. From, now
on 'the Auditor will- have to audit every
demand for bail money that is made upon
the Treasurer.
"Wells Had Objections.
",At first Auditor "Weils did not see his
way clear to take up the work. It will
entail extra work upon already well
worked clerks; it will necessitate • the
opening of a new and complicated ac
count, if. not. an entirely new set. of
books; it will reauire reports from the
warrant and bond clerk's office and from
the .Treasurer perhaps daily; it will in
volve delay in the cashing of bail money
orders, and to conclude the Auditor wa3
by no means certain that his bond would
stand this extra and unlooked-for rer
sponsibillty or that his bondsmen would De
willing, to remain on nls bond If the extra
risk were taken. All through it was a
complicated question, but the Auditor last
evening unofficially assured the City and
County Attorney that he would take up
the work and pass upon the bail demands
from the Police Court. ¦
Lans Suggests a Plan.
The Auditor's orincioal contention was
that the bail money was deposited in a
special fund and so was not "city" money,
which is required to be passed upon by
him, but this contention he has laid aside.
In his opinion City and County Attorney
Lane suggested that the four Police
Judges' get together and formulate rules
regarding the proceedure on bail deposits
and demands that will assist both - the
Auditor and the Treasurer in keeping
check on the money paid into court and
paid out by the treasury on orders of
court. They have all the power necessary
to make any rules of procedure they seo
fit and the result probably will be a chee'i
system that will provide even for the con<
tingency of a dishonest &6nd clerk's dep
uty. -A system of reports from -the bond
clerk to the Treasurer and the Auditor as
to the deposits of bail money and reports
from the Treasurer to the Auditor as to
the receipts of bail money will be estab
lished; the demands will be s"ent from the
Police Courts direct to the Auditor instead
of through the Board of Supervisors, as
is the case with all other besides salary
demands, and as soon r.i possible the new
check system, on the . Police Court bail
money will be put into operation.
Check System Between Treasurer,
Sond Clerk and Auditor to Be
Established as Soon as
"Possible.
Sullivan -Case Goes. Over a
Week •Pending Possible
Indictments.
COURT TO WAIT
ON GRAND JURY
THE SAK FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, APRIL II, 1901.
SOLEMN VOWS ARE EXCHANGED
IN BOWER OF BEAUTY R0SES
5
Hon. L>ucius E. Gridley.
Peruna. In a letter written from 1311 T
street, "Washington, D. C., he says:
"The Peruna Medicine Co., Columbus. O.:
"Gentlemen—Your Peruna has been
thoroughly tested in my family. My
mother and /wife used • it with the very
best results, and I take pleasure in
recommending' it to .all who want
a good substantial remedy, both as
a tonic and a catarrh cure."— Lucius
E. Gridley.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Teller, Behring,
Golof nin, etc,
S.S.JEANIE,
P. H. MASOX, Master.
S.S.THRASHER
T. L. ELLIS, Master.
Will leave San . Francisco on
SATURDAY, April 20, 1901
THRASHER goes DIRECT TO NOME.
JEANIE goes by way of Seattle, leaving that
port on April 26.
S. S. VALENCIA, J. M. Lane. Master, leaves
San Francisco May 24. 1901, and Seattle May
30, 1301, for . Nome, Teller, . Behring, Golof nln,
etc.
For passage and freight apply to
PACIFIC STEAM WHALING CO.,
30 CALIFORNIA ST., SAN FRANCISCO.
Cor. of First ave. and Tesler way, Seattle. .
Golof nin Bay,
Nome City and
Teller _Gity.
Steamship Ruth
(W. S. HIGGINS, Master.)
Leaves San Francisco on or
about Hay 20tb, via Seattle,
Leaving that Port May 26th.
For passage or freight rates call or address
H. R. DUFFIN, Agent.
"1»8 Market Street, opp. Palace Hotel,
SAN FRANCISCO.
AMERICAN LINE.
HEW 70RK. SOUTHAMPTON, LONDON, PABIS.
> Stopping at Cherbourg, •westbound.
From New Tork Every "Wednesday, 10 a. m.
Vaderland April 17 St. Paul. May 8
St. Louis April 24 St. Louis May 15
New Tork May 1 New Tork May 22
RED STAR LINE.
New York and Antwerp.
From New Tork Every "Wednesday, 12 noon.
Westernland ...April lTIFrlesland May 8
Kensington April 24! Southward May IS
Zeelacl • ' May ."- 1 1 Vaderland •. May 22
INTERNATIONA!. NAVIGATION COMPANY.
CHAS. D. TATLOR.
General Agent Pacific Coast, 30 Montgomery »t,
A AAanfjt <T C C A HAWAII, SAMOA, NEH
oceamcb.s.co. g^Ksat
SS. VENTURA, for Honolulu, Samoa, New .
Zealand and Australia X.
.-.Wednesday, April 17, 9 p.m.
SS. MARIPOSA (Honolulu only).".
¦ Saturday, April 27, 2 p. m.
J. D.SPRECKLS k BROS. CO;, Gmsra! Agents, 327 Ifartet St
Een'1 Pa&nger Offiss. 643 Market St., Piar la. 7, Paefij St
COHPAGHIE GENEB ALE TBANSATL ANTIQUE
DIRECT LlNE TO HAVRE-PARIS. M '^^
Sailing: every. Thursday, instead of rfS33r»
Saturday, at 10 a. m. . from . Pier 42, aUVia
North River, foot of Morton .street." First class
to - Havre. $55 and upward. ¦ Second class to
Havre,' $45 and upward. GENERAL AGENCY
FOR UNITED STATES and CANADA, 32
Broadway (Hudson. building). New Tork. J. F.
FUGAZI &¦ CO.. 1 Pacific Coast Arents. 5 Mont-
gomery avenue. : San, Franclscoi Tickets sold by
all Railroad Ticket Agents.
Weak Men and Women
SHOCLD USE DAMIANA BITTERS. THE
erea.t Mexican remedy; c'ves health &a4
•trescth to reiual organs. Depot, SC3 Market.
duces hoarseness, and often loss of voiee.
As soon as it reaches the trachea and
bronchial -tubes, coush. with abundant
.mucous expectoration, ensues.
Upon reaching the lungs catarrh speed-
ily causes consumption, and all of tha
symptoms of that dread disease follow
sooner or later. Catarrh also attacks
the urinary tract, producing in the kid-
neys "Bright*.** Disease." in the bladder
ohrcnic cystitis, and In the urethra small.
fre<;uent and painful micturitions. Peru-
na Is a specific for catarrh wherever lo-
cated and In all stages.
A free book on catarrhal diseases sent
by Dr. Hartman, Columbus, Ohio.
perfected by the Z||gBs8iL /fflfog
decided to try it, 4l lP^^^sLW *
and soon found my- ~ x li iVm™ ;
self well repaid.
"I have now used Ma , ry J - Kennedy.
It for about three .
months and feel completely rejuvenated.
I believe I am perfectly cured, and do
not hesitate to give unstinted pratee to
your remedy, Peruna."
Every orjran of th«-body la liable to
catarrh- Symptoms of catarrh differ
according 1 to the part affected. If the
catarrh is confined to the nose the symp-
toms will be sneezing and mucous dis-
charges, or the formation of dry scabs,
corresponding to the stage of the dis-
ease. ' "
When In the pharynx It causes hawk-
ing, enlarged follicles and tonsils, and
sometimes deafness*. Tn the larynx it pro-
Miss Mary J- Kennedy, manager of the
Armour & Co.'g exhibit. Trans-Misstssippi
Exposition. Omaha, Neb., writes the fol-
lowing In regard to Peruna. fmm S42 West
Sixty-second street, Chicago, U>.:
"I found the continual change «f di«t
Incidental to eight
years* traveling
completely upset .^SjiSS 3 *"^
my difcestiv^ ays- • /t5t£ffi3$>\
tcm. On consulting jr3*»*JSC-'?V
several physicians F^ >lizS*,
they decided I suf- • *B&&1
ff-red with catarrh
of the stomach. reg.*'^; i£]f
"Their prcscrlp- I / \ /.y
tlons did not seem \ Sc^; *&
to help me any, so, ¦"• A "S? .p
reading of the re- ~rf££>^ |\ ¦
markable cures ''.-^^ra^ 1^ .J*V
DEWEY'S FLAGSHIP OLYMPIA— CAPTAIN" GRIDLEY, COMMANDER.
Mrs.' Gridley, mother of Captain Gridley, who was in command of
Dewey's flagship at the destruction of the Spanish fleet at Manila, siys of
our remedy/ Peruna: \){{h
"At the solicitation of a friend I used Perum, and can truthfully
say it is a grand tonic and is a woman's friend, and should be used
in every household. After using it for a short period ! feel like a new
Mrs. Longstreet is the wife of the fa-
mous Confederate general, Lieutenant
General James Longstreet, the only liv-
ing ex-Confederat» officer of that rank.
She writes aa followB to The Peruna
Medicine Co.:
"I can recommend your excellent rem-
edy, Peruna, as one of the best tonics,
and for those 'who need a &ood, substan-
tial remedy, I know of nothing better.
Besides being la good tonic it is an effec-
tive cure for catarrh."— Mrs. James Lons-
street.
Hon. Lucius E. Gridley, brother of Cap-
tain Gridley, also speaks a good word for
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
#* Steamers leave Broadway
|»k wharf, San Francisco:
Wffc^ For Alaskan Ports— 1! a. m.,
SSgggjAi April 11, 16. 21. 2fi ; Hay 1.
p^tfjB^r^vyM^. <Jnans^<* to compsny's steam-
nShraw TrVt or v 'ctoria. Vancouver i n.
JJEKJS!?rSai c - )( Port Townsend, Seattle.
Tacoma, Everett, Anacortes
•** and New Whatcom I Wash.)--
11 a. m.. April 11. 16. 21. 2*.
May 1, and every fifth day thereafter.
Change at Seattle for this company's steam-rs
for Alaska and G. N. Ry.; at Seattle or Ta-
coma to N. P. Ry.: at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka. Humboldt Bay— 2 p. m.. April
13. 18, 23, 2S, May 3, and every fifth day there-
after.
For San Diego, stopping only at Santa Bar-
bara, Port Los Angeles and Redondo (Los An-
geles)— Steamer Queen. Wednesdays. 9 a. m.;
steamer Santa Rosa. Sundays. 9 a. m.
For Santa Cruz. Monterey. San Simeon. Cay-
ucos. Port Harford (San Luis Obispot. Gaviota.
Santa Barbara. Ventura. Hueneme. San Pedro.
East San Pedro (Los Ang-les) and Newport-
Steamer Corona, Fridays, 9 a. m. ; steamer Bo-
nita. Tuesdays. 9 a. m.
For Knsenada. Magdalena Bay. San Jose del
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. La Pax. Santa Hosa-
: lla and Guaymas (Mex.) — 10 a. m., 7th each
month.
For further Information obtain company's
foldera.
The company reserves the right to chang«
steamers, sailing dates and hours of sailing
without r>r»viou« notice.
TICKET OFFICE— 4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL, PERK1XS & CO., Gen. Agt*..
10 Market St.. San Francisco.
0. R. & N. CO.
Only Steamship Line to
PORTLAND, Or.,
And Short Rail Line from Portland to all
points East. Through tickets to all
points, all rail or steamshio and rail, at
LO WEST RATES!
Steamer Tickets Include Berth and Meals.
SR. COLUMBIA Sails Apr. 13, 23. May 3
SS GEO. "W. ELDKR-Sails Apr. 8. 18, 18. May 9
E. - C. WARD. -General Agent.
;.¦ .;-..-,:*, 1 Montgomery St.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA.
CTEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF, COR-
Cbw First and Brannan streets, at 1 p. m..
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hlogo). Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for
India, etc. No cargo received on board on day
of sailing.
SS. NIPPON MARTT Friday, May X. 1991
SS. AMERICA MA RV. Wednesday, May 29, 1301
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's office,
421 Market street, corner First. .
~ W. H. AVERT. General Agent.
HAMBURG-AMERICAN LINE.
. Twin-Screw Express Service,
PLYMOUTH-CHERBOURG-HAMBURG.
DEUTSCHLAMD....... -APRIL 18, 3 P. M.
OLUMBIA... MAY 2. 10 A.M.
F. Bismarck May 9/DeutschIand May 15
Twin-Screw Passenger Service.
PLYMOUTH-CHERBOURG— HAMBURG.
•Phoenicia April 2O| Waldersee May 4
Patricia April 2?! *Batavla May U
•Sails to Hamburg direct.
rJamburg-Amerlcai) Line, 37 B'way, N. Y.
HERZOG & CO.. General Agents for Pacific
Coast. 401 California street. i
PANAMA R, R, ar* ¦
TO NEW YORK VIA PANAMA DIRECT.
Cabin. 9105; Steeraze. $4O.
6. S. Leelanaw sails Saturday, April 20
S. S. Argyll sails Monday, May 6
S. S. sail* Monday. May 2O
From Harrison-st. Wharf. 2 P- =»-
Freight and passenger office, 330 Market rt.
F. F., CONNOR, Pacific Coast Agent.
PACIFIC STEAM NAVIGATION CO.
4nd CIA 6UI> AMERICANA "E VAPOS5S
To Valparaiso, stopping at Mexican. Central
and South American ports. Sailing Section 2.
Seawall. 12 m.
L1MARI Apr. 171 GUATEMALA .May 13
PERU May2!PALENA May 30
These steamers are built expressly for Cen-
tral . and South American passenger service.
(No change at Aeapalco or Panama.) Freight
and passenger ¦ office. 318 California street.
BALFOUR, GUTHTJE & CO.. Agents.
A LIVELY ROW
lfc In prospect between the Russian Bear
on one side and the British Lion on the
other. The timely hints of the helpful
eort about our laundry work will cave
you "many an unpleasant predicament and
row. -
Our work is sent home right— it must
ratlsfy us, as experts, then we're sure
'twill satisfy you.
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY
Office 1004 Market Street
Telephone— South 42O,
Oakland Office— 54 San Pablo Avt.
DR. BALL'S BEINYIGORATQRfRCTS
Five hundred reward for any kjxflte-a
rase we cannot cure. This secret SiSO Ekuf
remedy stops all losses In 24 hours, I Kj
cures Emissions, Impotency, Varl- K3H Egga
' cocc'.e. Gonorrhoea, Gleet, Fits. v*f pfffl
Strictures, Lott Manhood end all UL, liTJ
wasting effects cf self abuse or jKg f£-">i
rxces&es. Sent eealed, $2 bottle; 3 BwBSH
bottles, $5; guaranteed to -cure any case. Ad-
dress HALL'S MEDICAL. INSTITUTE. S55
Broadway, Oakland, Cal. Also for sale at 10734
Market st., E. F. All private disease* quickly
cured. Send for free bock.
Captain Gridley's J^-; Restored by
Mother and Brother W§Ss£ Peruna.
M YOU ARE READY fiRIDLEY-FIRET pHll
NATURE IS DUPLICATED
IN OUR
Dental Work:
THE LOSS OF SOME OR ALL OF THE
Teeth
Need occasion no fear of loss of good looks. Our
Crown and Bridge
Is ' such as to defy detection, * and cause the
wearer no inconvenience.
Artificial • Teeth which perform all the func-
tions of the natural ones are the kind we make.
Teeth Inserted Without Plates $5.00
i33 poweH st Chalmers Dental Co.
Broken
Eyeglass
Lenses replaced foe BO cents.
Any Astigmatic lenses duplicated for JJ1.OU
and ?1.5O. • :
Guaranteed correct and best quality.
Oculists' prescriptions filled. Factory oc
premises. Quick repairing-. Phone. Main 10. J
UFiiuAro p H0TCG pa 5ciENTIMC
642 Market- 5t. instruments
UNDER CHROWCtt BUILDIK&. CATALOGUE iREt.
I : : :
FOR STOMACH DISORDERS,
GOUT and DYSPEPSIA,
DRINK
Best NATURAL Alkaline Water.
k ."PATENTS! j)
MARKET ST&^SSf "\
DR. CROSSMAN 1 S SPECIFIC MIXTURE^
For the cure of GONORRHEA. GLEETS.'
STRICTURES and/analogous complaints of tha
Ortrans of Generation. -
Price H a bottle. For sale by druggists.
BAY AND BIVER STEAMERS. '
FOR U; S; NAVY YARD AND VALLEJOr
; -, Steamer "Montlcello."
M' ON., TUES., "WED.. THURS. AND SAT.-
at 9:45 a. m..' 3:15, 8:30 p. rn. (except Thurs-
day night): Fridays, .1' p. m. and 8:30 Sundays,'
10:30 a. rn., 8 p.. rn. I Landing and office, Mls-
sion-st. Dock, Pier No. 3. Telephone Main 1508/
ADVERTISEMENTS.B3' way of relieving the overcrowded districts of the
city the London County Council has "purchased 225
acres of land in the suburbs and will erect thereon
houses sufficient to acremmodate a population ' of
42,000. The movement is but the beginning of a gen
eral plan for clearing the slums, and promises to be
the most notable municipal venture of the time. It is,
in fact, a necessity of the situation, for certain sec
tions of the great city are now so crowded it is «rb
possible for the authorities to enforce among the
population any kind of sanitary regulations. ' v".
Russia's latest announcement is to the effect that
Iict occupation of Manchuria is designed to be "tem
poiary only," but China is naturally averse to taking
chances. In the history of. aggressive empires tem
porary possession has been known to last'a long time.
General Miles has expressed for publication the
hope that the Cubans in forming their constitution
will do nothing rash.' The general should . suggest
Gomez as a guiding stPir for Cuba, and then even the
most conservative critic could take no offense. -
The lady Democrats and suffragists of Denver ap
pear to have been apt students and quick learners of
Democratic ¦ political methods. One , of the women
voters was arrested the other day for a palpable fraud
committed at the polls. ' . V .
The Fresno" pioneer who at the age of 94 is going
to venture once more en the sea of matrimony pos
sibly /wants to demonstrate that the daring of /his
youth has not Vvanished with his age.
San Francisco has had many armies within her
gates during the last two years," but none have come
with an assurance of welcome more hearty than that
which will be' given to ? he army of Epworth Leagues
who will" come to us in July. .
There is hardly any sort of a senate in the Anglo-
Saxon world that is satisfactory to the people of
whose legislation it has charge.- We are talking of
changing the methods j of electing members of .bur
Senate, Great Britain wishes to abolish her House of
Lords, and now in Canada a cry has arisen for making
a clean sweep of 'the -Dominion Senate.
A CHANCE TO SMILE.
Yeast— I can always tell what the
¦weather Is going to be by my wife.
Crlmsonbeak — Indeed! Is she as fickle
as that?— Xonkers Statesman.
The Proper Thing.— Mistress— I hope I
didn't disturb you and your lover when,
I went Into the kitchen last night?
Cook — Mot at all, mum! I told him that
you was my chappyronc !— Puck.
"Pat, do yo.u know what Is the greatest
barrier to the habit of drinkine?"
"Oi do. sor."
"Oh, you do, eh? Well, what is It?"
"An empty bottle, sure,"— Richmond
Dispatch. • < . •
"John,"- 1 said Mrs. Stubb, "you snored
so loud that I touched vou."
"Is that so, Maria?" said Mr. Stub'>,
and she wondered why he examined hia
vest that had been hanging: on the chair.
New Orleans Dally States.
"One of the component parts of sugar."
said the professor, "is an essential In tha
composition of the human body. What ia
It?" '
The grocer's boy snapped hl3 finger ex
citedly and when bidden to answer If he
could promptly yelled: "Sand."— Catholic
Standard." •'
The ; Margin for Labor. — New Clerk—
"What, are your office hours? . .
Employer— "Well, how much time do yoa
think you can spare us from your cigar
ette smoking? — Chicago Record.
"One trouble', bout dia yearf." said ifn
cle Eben, "is dat folks Is inclined to be too
absent minded 'bout what dey owes oth^r
folks an* too remembersome 'bout what
dey's lookln' foh deir se'f3."— Washington
Star."
Yeast— Henry says he can always tell
If a man has money, by the way he acts.
Crinlsonbeak— Why, I thought the ac
tors. never . had any money. — Tonkera
Statesman. .
ChoicQ candles, Townsend's, Palace HoteL*
Cal. glace fruit 50c per lb at Townaend's.*
: ** - . -.- . ¦ ¦' • * ¦
Special: Information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by tha
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042.- •
When. a mosquito has. gorged himself
with human blood he dies within a few
hours. . • . .
_';.-.: '. ;- : ~ ».'• », — ;
• Are you prepared to stand the severity of win
ter? Dr. Slegert's Angostura Bitters buildup th«
system, vitalize the blood and prevent disease.
FOREST PRESERVATION
/""*» ONSULAR REPORTS for April contains \ a
( communication from Commercial Agent Gus-
tave'Beutelspacher of Moncton, Canada, com
menting upon the efforts of the Canadians to provide
for the preservation of their forests and describing
the plans of the British Government for increasing
the forest area of India. These measures undertaken
by our neighbors to the north and our British cousin3
are of interest to us, for it is high time that we entered
seriously upon the task of preserving the forests of
this country.
It appears from the report that the British long ago
found out that many cf the greatest evils that afflict
the. people of India are due to the wasting of the
ancient forests, and accordingly, as far back as 1844,
steps were taken to prevent further waste. It is only
during the last twenty years, however, that the work
has been conducted on scientific principles, under
charge of expert foresters from France and Germany,
assisted by students from the school of forestry near
Dehra. At the present time there is a forest re
serve in each province, and the acreage is being con
tinually increased. Notwithstanding the compara
tively short time since scientific forestry was under
taken it is stated: "A large revenue is already de
rived from the forests by the Government of India,
and it is expected it will steadily increase." .•
The Canadians are learning the lesson taught by
the experience of -India, and have for some time past
made efforts to protect their woods. The experi
mental farms of the Dominion Government have en
couraged tree-planting b> farmers, and it is now pur
posed to have the provincial governments establish
forestry departments and assist in the work.
In the meantime the United States is doing hardly
anything in the way of c'ealing scientifically and com
prehensively with the problem. . There still lives with
us the belief that our forests are inexhaustible.* Our
lumber industries are conducted in such a manner as
to waste as much as is used for merchandise,; and,
furthermore, nothing effective is done to provide
against forest fires even in well settled communities.
So destructive have been these different forms. of
waste that in- our older States the people are already
beginning to. experience. some of the evils that hav2
befallen the woodless districts of India. In the April
number of the Forum A. H. Ford, in discussing the
eiTect of the destruction of forests up6n our water
ways, says: "New England was the first section to
fet! the effects of the deforestry of a magnificent area
Of timber land. Rivers that fifty years ago carried
summer and winter a ster-dy" stream sufficient to turn
The Supervisors and the Board of Public Works
h?.ve again been called to a halt by Auditor Wells
for ordering in a decidedly irregular way the appro
priation of public money. If public officials ; were
made individually and privately responsible for their
irregular public acts a very necessary lesson in civic
n'orality might be taught.
SOME interesting information concerning the
book trade as seen from the standpoint of
publishers was brought out at a recent trial in
London of a suit by an Irish author against Con
siable & Co. for failure to publish a book in time for
its presentation to the public at the date agreed upon.
The book was a romance dealing with affairs in
Ireland from 1690 to 1720, the period following the
battle of the Boyne. The author desired to have the
book in the hands of the retailers by St. Patrick's
day, believing it would have a better sale at that sea
son. The publishers failed to bring the work out un
til April 20, and it was alleged by the plaintiff that
net only did he suffer loss by the delay in publica
tion, but also by the failure of the publishers to push
the book in the United States. The defense claimed
that the delay in publication did not affect the sale of
the book, that the firm did endeavor to obtain sale for
it in the United States as well as in Great Britain,
3nd expended £25 in advertising^t
For the purpose of getting expert testimony con
cerning the validity of the defense representatives of
leading publishing houses in London were called to
the stand. One of these testified: "It is practically
impossible to get a book by an unknown author
taken up in America." Another said that when books
by unknown authors are presented to retail book
dealers they "treat them as a horse would a thistle in
his nosebag," and upon being asked by the court,
'"What does the horse do?" he replied, "Shakes his
head and snorts."
The most curious bit of evidence, however, was
that given by a. traveling salesman for a leading pub
lishing house, who, when asked concerning the ques
tion of loss through the delay in publication," answered
that from a business point of view he preferred the
o ogy 1 in March and novels in June and July.
Herein we have another illustration of the differ
ence between experts and laymen. In the light of re
ctnt successes achieved in this country by works
whose authors were absolutely unknown to the Ameri
can public, .it is not easy to find justification for the
statement that it is "practically impossible to get . a
book by an unknown author taken up in America."
ICor is it easy to understand why in March theology
should be more popular than a novel. Evidently
there are mysteries in the bo.ok business, and some
enterprising publisher should write a work on the
subject and illustrate it with diagrams.
BOOKS AND PUBLISHERS.
ANSWERS TO QUERIES*
FOURTH OF JULY— E. G. C, City. Tha
4th of July, 1876, fell on a Tuesday.
IT IS CORRECT— H. A. W., Oakland.
Cal. It is grammatically correct to usa
"to the wife of John Jones, a son." when
announcing a birth through a newspaper.
A BILL— J. K., Sebastopol. Cal. Tha
question, "When does a bill outlaw?" i3
too broad to admit of a definite answer.
You should have stated what kind of a
bill
SURFACE WATER— J. A. L.. Orange
vale, Cal. An owner of land has no right
to' rid his land of surface water by drain-
Ing it upon or through the land of another
adjoining his.
ODDS— W. A., City. If a horse Is 7 to 10
or 12 to 1, the odds that can be had to
play him for show depends upon condi
tions in each race. There ia no set rula
to govern the matter.
ATTACHMENT— J. K., Sebastopol, Cal.
This, department is advised that "if a
party owed bills, had rented a place but
had not paid the rent," the creditors could
not levy on the premises.
APPORTIONMENT-C. C. H., Ingomar,
Cal. The matter of apportioning the num
ber of Representatives to the several
States, under the recent census returns,
has not yet been determined.
A NOTE— J. K., Sebastopol, Cal. A
promissory note. If made in this State,
runs four years: If out of the State, two
years. Action on a note that has matured
and Is not paid must be commenced within
the time stated.
HORSES — G. H. L.» Fruto, Cal. A per
son having horses to sell that axe suitable
for the United States cavalry should send
a letter to the post commander. Presidio
Post, San Francisco, and it will be deliv
ered to the purchasing 1 ofHcer.
WINTER GARDEN FIRE— A. O. 8.,
San Rafael, Cal. The Winter Garden, at
the corner of Post and Stockton streets.
San Francisco, was destroyed by flre on
the 4th of August, 1883. The alarm for
that flre was sounded at 1:11 o'clock in the
morning.
OATS AND BARLEY— W. W., Castro
vllle, Cal. The price of oats In San Fran
cisco In 1880 was from $1 to $135 and bar
ley from 6714c to 85c. In 1SS1 the price for
oats was from $1 15 to $1 50 and barley
from 77%c to %1 20. The prices fluctuated
at different seasons of each year.
may be necessary to a person or persona
in a rowboat when such are in danger. 1
LAW OF HUMANITY— M., City. Th!3
department knows of no law except
that of humanity that will move an Indi
vidual in charge of a towboat or other
vessel to give towage j or such help aa
A WATVER-J. K., Sebastopol. Cal. The
law of California, exempts certain prop
erty from execution, but if a party leases
a place and in the iease the lessee stipu
lates that "if at a certain time he does
not pay the rent, he (the landlord) 'shall
have the right to seize any property that
the lessee might be possessed of," that
would be a waiver of the right the lessee
would otherwise have under the law and
the lessor would have the right to levy
on anything the lessee would have owner
ship In. . .
FROM OTHELLO-C. C. H.. Ingomar.
Cal. "Who steals my purse, etc." is from
Shakespeare's "Othello-," and I3 in-the fol
lowing, spoken toy. Iago to Othello:
Good name In man and woman, dear my lord,
Is the immediate jewels of their souls;
Who steals my purse steals traah— 'Us some
thing, nothing;
'Twas mine, 'tis his, and has been slave to
thousands:
But he that filches from mo my good name
Robs me of that which not enriches him.
And makes me poor Indeed.
STEEL TRUST PROBLEMS.
rROM the organization of the steel trust there
has issued discussion enough to form a library
of itself. Nor have the effects been confined to
discussion. In several quarters action has been taken
either to profit by the big combination or else to
guard against the results that are expected to flow
from it. The actions r.o more than the discussions
have been confined to the United States, and from
Europe we get almost as much evidence of the far
reaching influence of the trust . as in our own
country. * ': . " .
London dispatches recently announced that reports
are current in Germany of a movement-in that coun
try to bring about a combination of the big steel
manufacturers in Germany with the steel combine in
the United States, so as to form an organization that
can dictate terms to the world. ,The report quoted an
unnamed American millionaire now visiting Germany
as saying: "We do rot fear England in America,
nor does Germany. We simply fear each other, but
the world is big enough for both nations and the rival
trusts are going to harmonize their interests^ Mr.
Morgan will be here in April. After he begins it will
not be long before an international cartel to regulate
prices and products will be formed. We do not fear
England because her machinery is obsolete and her
men are spiritless and ground to a low level by false
unionism. America and Germany are going to stand
together and dominate the world politics of business.
I think that one day the industries of the entire world
will be syndicated."
Another report is to the effect that the steel manu
facturers of Scotland and the north of England have
agreed to combine for the purpose of resisting the
competition of the steel trust. According to this story,
a British syndicate are now working low grade ores at
Dunderland by the Edison process and are getting
returns which encourage them to believe they can.
compete successfully with American ore production.
The chairman of the syndicate, Joseph Lawrence, is
reported to have said: "We have proved-the-exist
ence in part of the Dunderland property of 80,000,000
tons of- ore. There is reasonable hope that the other
parts are proportionately as good. It is our. present
intention to ship this ore exclusively; to British iron
masters, there being already a market for it. at su
perior prices. There seems here a promise of a sup
ply of high-grade Bessemer ore adequate to the needs
of Great Britain for some years, so it will not be long,
to use Mr. Edison's own words, before the great Bes
semer plants take on a new era of prosperity."
In this country as well as in Great .Britain there
have been expressions of confidence that the new
process devised by .Edison for ; converting iron ore
into steel will break the monopoly organized by the
big trust. It has been hailed as an evidence that no
monopoly can be formed that American inventive
genius cannot overcome. About, as soon as a trust
gets control of the market in any line of production,
some inventor will devise a cheaper and better means
of manufacture and thus prepare a way for success
ful competition. * 'O .
The theory is a stimulating one and offers a seem
ingly satisfactory solution of the whole trust problem
fo far as it relates to manufactured goods. Unfortu
pately it does not take account of. the fact that the
trust might buy up the invention. The managers of
the steel combine, for example, have as good a chance
as any one else to profit by any. new invention Mr.
Edison may devise. In fact, if the combine be strong
enough it may effect a monopoly of invention itself.
In tKe meantime it is to be noted the United States
Investor declares a conviction that the prime purpose
of the steel trust is to promote speculation. After de
scribing the John Law craze in France it says: "We
don't for a moment suppose that the American peo
ple are going to make such fools of themselves over
Mr. Morgan and his steel'combine as the French peo
ple did over the marvelous' Scotch financier in the
first quarter of the eighteenth" century, but unques-!
tionably the new steel combine has been formed for
the purpose, of stimulating speculation, and the'pro
moters, we take it, will be vastly disappointed if it
does not foster a more unrestrained speculative move
ment than has ever yet • been witnessed in this
country." ' ¦ . . ' '
From all these reports 'and opinions it will be seen
that the steel trust is far more exciting to the indus
trial world of Europe and/America than is the,strug
gle in China.- The good and the evil of it are noted
everywhere, but it is too early to say which predomi
nates. .
CAJLTPOBNIA2TS HT NEW YOBX,
New York, April 10.— The following Call
fornlans'are in New York from San Fran
cisco — Dr. Danziger, at Hoffman; J. Law
rence, at Broadway Central; L. H.
Lewars, at Sinclair; E. James, at Ven^
dome and L. A. Marson at Imperial.
Recorder Godchaux has decided that having the
privilege he will now ignore civil service. He prob
ably feels that his example upon other officers can
not possibly be of any good, and- perhaps may be of
some harm and in harmony with, the local administra
tion of which the Recorder is so distinguished a rep
resentative. •
COPYRIGHT, 1901.
vnr.— worry
Mental worry Is a condition of the hu
man mind generally resulting ' from the
combined influence of fear,* anxiety and
.doubt or uncertainty, and is almost al
ways accompanied by increased excitabil
ity of the nervous structure of the body.
It is a mental condition the opposite of
confidence and contentment, and is very
prevalent in the more highly civilized
countries of modern times.. For the more
modern civilization advances the more
varied, enticing and complex become all
the industrial and social relations of hu
man life. Consequently . the more nu
merous,, tempting and uncertain become
the conditions, motives and possibilities
presented to each individual composing
the community. . • - . -¦
The condition of mlna called "worry,"
when well marked v and persistent, exerts
a depressing and debilitating effect upon
all the functions of a living body. It
causes the heart to beat more frequently,
but with less force; the breathing to be
less deep, thereby taking less air into the
lungs, and furnishing less oxygen to the
blood; a general sense of weariness, with
less appetite, and less refreshing sleep.
Habitually receiving less than is natural
of the oxygen of the air through the air
cells of the lungs Into the blood, the sense
of weariness or of being "tired" -becomes
more constant; the natural secretions of
the stomach, liver, pancreas and follicles
of the Intestines are diminished, causing
both and ,- constipation; and
metabolic or molecular changes In the tis
sues of the "body, constituting both nutri
tion'and "waste, are diminished, causing
impairment of the vital properties of the
blood. For all the functions. Just named
are directly dependent upon the constant
and adequate tupply of fresh oxygen of
the air through the air-ceils of the lungs
into the biood, and the liberation of car
bon in«the air exhaled.
How "Worry Shortens Life.
Consequently, when persistent mental
worry impairs the efficiency of respiration
and circulation' by depressing the influ
ence of the vaso-motor and pneumogas
tric nerves, it indirectly disturbs and de
presses all the more important functions
of the body and lessens the individual's
vital resistance to any and all causes of
disease. He is more quickly overcome by
either mental or physical exertion; ho ia
more readily affected injuriously by at
mospheric vicissitudes, and he more cer
tainly yields to the influence of tubercular
and all other disease-producing bacilli or
microbes. His chances for long life,
therefore, are very much diminished. In
deed, I have never known a man or wo
man habitually afflicted with true mental
worry who lived to three score and ten
years. .
The class of people who enjoy the high
est average duration of life and furnish
the most numerous cases of unusual long
evity is the clerical, and such others as
are chiefly engaged in. scientific and In
tellectual pursuits. Their occupations in
volve less expectation of either rapid pe
cuniary gains or losses, and- if affliction
threatens them their mental anxiety is
tempered by the ever present hope of a
better life beyond this.
Serious and protracted worry Is mani
fested first most frequently and injurious
ly during youth or school days; second,
at the period of choosing one's occupation
and the first few years of Its pursuit, and
third, at the middle period of adult life,
when business, vicissitudes and domestic
cares,' discords and misfortunes are most
frequent and severe.
Effects of Worry on Children.
The most active causes of the worry
during school days are the arranging of
children of different temperaments and
capacities in the same classes, assigning
them too many studies, and then con
stantly stimulating their ambition to ex
cel and intensifying their mortification at
every failure. By such processes the
younger and more timid ones are kept in
a constant state of apprehension or worry
until many of them lose appetite, become
restless at night, often complain of head
ache and are retained at home, and not
a few c-f them become affected with, cho
rea or St. Vitus dance. Among the older
pupils many are found whose ambition to
stand high in too many classes leads them
to study late at night and to omit daily,
free, outdoor exercises, in consequence of
wnich their blood receives less oxygen
from fresh air in the lungs, and the func
tions of both brain and stomach become
impaired and the mind depressed or wor
ried, and by the time they have completed
the period allotted for school education
they • have become permanent Invalids
from so-called neurasthenia, dyspepsia or
tuberculosis, this all ending in shortening
the duration of life.
Beginning a Career.
Perhaps the most critical period of hu
man life is that when the young man or
woman, finds it necessary to . choose an
occupation for life. Comparatively few are
contented to follow the occupation of their
parents by which they could, with reason
able certainty, accumulate all the neces
sary comforts and conveniences of life and
make themselves useful members of
society. On the contrary, such is the all
dominating influence of wealth, and the
social display it renders possible, that the
desire to make money, and to make it fast
may be said to be the ruling- passion of
til ft 3 fiTP "" "
As the, cities are the chief centers of
trade, manufactures," professions, all spec
ulative enterprises, and almost all varie
ties of labor, the young of both sexes are
constantly migrating from the rural and
agricultural districts to the cities, in the
expectation of making money faster or
gaining more desirable social positions.
Consequently they, find every line of-busi
ness, from street-sweeping and bartending
to floor walking and superintending in the
great department stores, all crowded with
applicants for employment. The avenues
to the several professions are no less
crowded, and their successful practice
even more difficult. .Therefore, large num
bers, of both sexes are constantly found
either wholly unemployed, or so unsteady
that they are constantly in a state of de
pressing anxiety or worry, lest they fail to
obtain even the necessaries of life.. Those
of less education allow themselves to b'e
packed Into overcrowded and ill-ventilated
houses and workshops, at the lowest
wages, which, added to the depressing in
fluence of persistent mental worry, soon
makes them subject to attacks of disease,
especially of typhoid fever.and;consump
tion, or they become desperate and yield
to vicious habits and a brief life of vice
and crime, not infrequently ended I by
suicide. A large proportion of the. better
educated apply for clerical work, either as
salesmen or saleswomen In shops j and
stores or as bookkeepers, typewriters, etc.
Having left home to seek their fortunes
they are directi-" confronted by three
sources of worry. The first is caused by.
fear that they may not find suitable em
ployment; the second, by anxiety lest they
may fail to give satisfaction where they
are- employed; and the third, still more
anxiety for rapid advancement in both
position 'and pay. : ... «; -
¦ Unwholesome Conditions.
As has been - previously stated, mental
anxiety cr worry always lessens the depth
and efficiency of respiration, which is fur
ther lessened by- all indoor occupations
requiring mental attention. Consequently
a large portion at those young men. and
women who. pass from a free outdoor life
to clerical work in shops,' stores and of
fices, in a few months begin to complain
of being "tired." -They insist that they
are tired every night, and just as tired
when they rise in the morning, with but
little appetite. L To "brace up" they take ¦
one or two cups of strong, coffee or tea,
and but, little food for breakfast. This
affords , a little nervous exhilaration for
about two hours, when it vanishes, leav
ing them . more depressed ' and tired : than
before during the remainder of the I day.
In addition to coffee : many j of the young 1
men add the smoking of a cigar of to
bacco after , : each i meal. - ox the taking of
a glass of. beer, both of which, by-lessen
ing, the. sensibility of the brain, diminish
their senses of -weariness or, depression for
.M hour or. two, but also retard digestion]
THURSDAY. .....APRIL n, 1901
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address AH Commcaicitlon! to W. S- LEAKS, Kt&tger.
MANAGER'S OFFICE ....Telephone Pre«« 2O4
i IULICAT1OX OFFICE... Market and Thtrd. S. F.
Telephone Prew 201.
rmTORLAX BOOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson St.
Telephone Press 202.
Dellrered by Carriers. 15 Cents Per Weelc
Stngrle Copies. C Cents.
Terns br Stall. Including Postage!
TATLT CALt rtnelnfllns Sunday), one year $«•*>
"""AILY CALZj (Including: Sunday). 6 months .* 8:0°
r>ATLT CALL Ondudlnir Sunday), 3 month* l.W
DAILY CALL— By Elngle Month Re
FUNDAY CALL. One Year 1 - 5a
WEEKLT CALL. One Year 1 - G *
All postmasters mr* authorized to receive
•abscrlrtlons.
Sample copies will b« forwarded when requested.
Mall robserlfcer* Jn orflerlntr chanee cf address should be
?articular to rive both NEW AND OLD ADDRESS In order
to Insure a prompt and correct oompllancs with their request.
OAKLAAD OFFICE 1118 Broadway
C. GEORGE! KROGXESS.
Ktciger Foreign lirertiti&g. Ktrinetts Building, CUetgO.
(Lone Distance Telephone "Central 2613.")
NETW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
f. C CARLTO Jf Herald Square
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
STEPECEIff B. SMITH . ....... .SO T'rlbnne Building:
NEW YORK NT" S STANDS:
Waldorf -Aetorla Hotel; A, Brentano, a Union Baaaxe;
Votrty Hill HoteL .
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Sherman House; P. O. New* Co.; Great Northern Hotel:
Fremont Hoose; Auditorium HoteL
WASHijrGTO?r at. c> office. . . .i4oe g St.. ir. w.
MORTON E. CRANE. Correspondent.
DRAKCH OFFICES— C27 Montgomery, corner of Clay, open
until «:JC o'clock. SCO Hayes, open until 9:30 o'clock. C3
McAllister, open until «:30 o'clock. 615 Larkln, open until
t :ro o'clock. 1S41 Mission, open until 10 o'clock. 2261 Market,
corner Sixteenth, cpen until 9 o'clock. 1096 Valencia, open
ontn S o'clock. 106 Eleventh.' open until » o'clock. NW. cor
nrr Twynty-«eeon<1 and IC^ntuclcy. open untH 9 o'clock.
and impair the vitality of the protoplasm
of the blood and tissues of the body, and
therefore hasten their -failure of health
and add to their mental worry in the same
proportion. It is by the foregoing com
bination of influences that . many th«u
sands of both sexes be? ome converted into
dyspepstics, neurasthenics or consump
tives before- they complete the first thirty
years of life. And other thousands of the
men unconsciously to themselves are far
on to road to drunkenness, poverty and
vice.
An Example of Mental Worry.
That mental worry is capable of play
ing- the part I have assigned to it is Illus
trated by the following cases:
Miss A., aged 23 years, up to four years
previous had onjoyed good health and
more or less free exercise in the open air.
As she had to earn her own living she
chose the dressmaking business and en
tered a dressmaker's shop for that pur
pose, and immediately began going to the
shop as soon as she was through break
fast. She worked diligently until 6 o'clock
in. the evening, with only time for a hasty
lunch at noon. In a few months she be
gan to feel weary, with failing appetite
and digestion, which added to her anxiety
through fear of being disabled by sick
ness. She persevered with her work and
became gradually worse until at the end
of three years she came to my office look
ing pale, thin in flesh, with an expression:
of anxiety bordering on despair. I tolc
her that on rising from the bed in the
morning she should. spend one minute in
taking full breathing and free movements
of her arms in all directions, by whlcli
she would renovate the air In her lungs,
add several cubic inches of oxygen to her
blood and quicken the whole circulation;
then have her breakfast at such time that
she could spend half an hour of walking
and free breathing in the open air before
arriving at her shop for work, and when
the day's work was done she could take
her evening meal as usual, but never let
the whole evening pass without going out
half an hour or more in walking and free
breathing before going to bed. By doing
this faithfully as long as she spent all the
day indoors she would sleep nights and
recover health. I saw her three years
later looking well, and was assured by her
that she had literally followed my advice
concerning exercise in the open air and
soon recovered ability to sleep and gooa
digestion without medicine of any kind.
The Man Who Took No Exercise.
Mr. C called upon .me ten or twelve
years since, complaining of some degree
of indigestion, slight irregularities in the
action of his heart, especially on lying
down at night, when his stomach was dis
tended ¦with gas, and great mental depres
sion and worry through fear of sudden
death from organic disease of the heart.
He was an intelligent business man, much
confined to his office, and during the last
year, since having been told that he had
permanent disease of his heart, he had
ventured to take no active exercise and
was losing both appetite and sleep. After
a careful examination of his condition I
was able to say to him that he had not
the slightest disease of either heart or
lungs, and that he was in no more danger
of sudden death than was any other man
in the community. On the contrary, he
was assured positively that if he would
live on good, wholesome food, take no
strong tea or coffee and no kind of liquor,
either fermented or distilled, but Instead
take from one to two hours of outdoor
exercise each day, he would soon be well.
Five or six years later I met him in good
health and • spirits, . and all without any
other medicine than fresh air, wholesome
food and mental confidence.
Effects of Alcoholic Drinks.
.But the most severe and protracted
cases of mental worry are caused by the
habitual use of alcoholic drinks, aided by
othervanesthetlc and narcotic drugs. It
is not so much mental worry that these
produce in those who drink as it is In
their wives, mothers and children. On tha
drinker they directly dull the sense of
propriety, sear the conscience and pro
duce progressive degeneration, ending In
physical and mental imbecility if not in
terrupted by outbreaks -of reckless crim
inality, often including murder and sui
cide.
But can any one comprehend the amount
and Intensity of the mental worry endured
by. 100,000 wives and mothers in our coun
try whose husbands and fathers are spend
ing much of their time and money In the
salcon or clubhouse with its bar and card
table? Many of them become so much
weakened In vitality by the continued
worry caused by ever-increasing dread of
the fast approaching disgrace and poverty
that they become easy victims of con
sumption'or other infectious diseases, and
not a few of them become insane. Neither
does the mental worry; and nervous ex
haustion end with these. For the inves
tigationg of the last half-century have
shown conclusively that children begotten
by, parents whose blood and tissues are
dally pregnated with alcohol are born
with so little vitality that one-half of
their number die before they attain to 5
years of age, and of the remaining- half
50 per cent prove to be affected with epi
lepsy, feeble-mindedness, idiocy, insanity
or physical deformity, leaving less than 25
per cent of the whole number to arrive at
adult age healthy in body and mind. By
the most conservative use of -well-ascer
tained facts and figures it may be safely
said that half of all the insane, idiotic and
epileptic; more than half of all the pauper
ism, public and private, and three-fourths
of all criminally In this country are easily
traceable, directly or indirectly, to the usa
of fermented and distilled liquors for
drinking purposes. If such use could be
entirely discontinued it would increase
the average duration of human life more
than -33 per cent during the next two gen
erations and diminish more than 50 per
cent the total sum of mental worry and
distress in our country. . ' .
If I am asked how this can be done I
answer, as I have been answering for more
than fifty years, simply by placing alcohol
and all liquids containing 2 per cent or
more of It on the statutory list of poisons,
dangerous to the public health and morals,
and to be sold and dealt In under the same
regulations as corrosive- sublimate, ar-
Senic, stryqhnine.oil of vitriol, etc., and
every dealer to be personally responsible
for whatever damage occurs to those with
whom he deals. That it* belongs on that
list is obvious to all who look or think,
for. It kUls more human beings every
week than all the poisons now on the stat
utory list do in a year.
Here Is a Remedy for "Worry.
Regarding the best means of preventing
or mitigating the other varieties of men
tal worry and nervous excitability, it 13
sufficient to say that they consist in re
moving or lessening the causes mentioned
In ' connection vith each variety. Cease
goading our children Into the utmost
haste in their education. Repress in our
youth the Inordinate desire for wealth and
vain "show. Remind them that he who
hasteth to be rich more frequently cometh
to poverty, and that "pride goeth before
destruction and a haughty spirit before a
tMl." Teach them that they are most
happy who contribute most to the happi
ness of others and thereby diminish the
dominance of human selfishness. Seek to
impart confidence and hope to those who
worry.- Hope is not only ."an. anchor to
the . soul," but : when united with confi
dent expectation it is a most efficient tonic
for invigorating all the functions of the
body. He is the most successful physician
who inspires his patient with the most
confidence and hope. It is Jhe invigorat
ing effect of hope and confidence that con
stitutes the efficient agency effecting most
of the cures attributed to Christian sci
ence, faith curists, magnetic healers 1 and
others. So long as the young son of Klne
David was dangerously sick the mind of
the good king was so intensely worried
that he would neither eat nor sleep But
when the death of the lad put an end to
the torturing. anxiety and doubts of the
f^ he {' J 1< L, calm « ly aros e. washed himself,
adjusted his raiment and partook of his
accustomed food. When his courtiers
manifested their astonishment his only
reply was that. the loved one could never
come back, but in due time he should go
to him. The ceasing of doubts and fears
and ? the > confident ¦-• hope - of again joining
the son a in another and happier world at
once -dispelled from his mind, all worry
and replaced it w^th the calmness of hope.
EXPULSION OF THE NEGRO.
THE process of disfranchising the Southern
negro, and nullifying the Federal constitution
goes gayly on south of Mason and Dixon's line.
By one device or. another the black race is being
deprived of "all political rights. With rare exceptions
the negroes take , it as* stoically as they did slavery.
Long accustomed to subjection, they accept its latest
form without wincing." As the emancipation procla
mation found most of tjicm unaware of what had hap
pened, this partial reversal of that great decree of
liberty moves them not to protest. , ;
The issue promises to assume the exact form in
which the institution of slavery finally presented-it
self. The bondage of the black man reacted upon
the white. It made him the sole arbiter of the life
and destiny of other human beings. He became ac
customed to the autocratic use of authority over men
who were as little entitled to protest as the beasts
that perish. Having taken away liberty the. master
could take away life.
The effect on the wh:te man was bad; it made
him carry the stiff neck of the final judge into his
dealing with his white fellows and caused in him,
first, intolerance of resistance to his authority, and
finally intolerance of adverse opinion. These habits
have long survived the abolition of slavery and the
failure of the rebellion, and have been the great bar
to the progress and prosperity of the South. Until
recently throughout that region, and now in some
parts of it, Northern men with needed capital and
enterprise must submit to be treated as unwelcome
intruders, or- retreat from art atmosphere noxious to
energy and progress.
In the new phase of the negro question the South
ern man is jarred out of his indifference and brought
face to face with his own interests.
•That Senatorial travesty on statesmanship, Morgan
of Alabama, has recently announced that not only
must the negro be disfranchised but that his expul
sion from the South must follow. Then, this mar
plotting parody says, ''the Southern people will be
happy' and free."
But, from the Potomac to the Bayou Teche, South
ern labor is performed by the negro. As a miner,
.mechanic, millman and agriculturist he does practi
cally all the work in the South. Southern manufac
tures, lately so crescent and promising, are based
entirely on negro labor. From shucking oysters on
Chesapeake Bay to withstanding the deadly miasma
in the rice fields of the Louisiana lowlands he is the
indispensable factor in Southern industry. The white
owners of great plantations farm-let their lands to
negroes and are enriched by the rents which black
kbor pays. When cotton rose to 10 cents a pound
last year and rolled weaith into the South, she would
not have had enough of that staple to clothe her own
pcc-ple had it not been for negro labor which pro
duced the crop. ,
Under these circumstances the Southern whites
look with aversion upon Morgan's expulsion pro
gramme.^ If executed it would instantly plunge the
South into conditions which would make the poverty
caused by their rebellion seem like luxury by com
pr.iison. . ¦
The old Southern theory that no gentleman can
work with his hands is current among the rising
generation. There are no hands there to take up
pick and spade, hod and plow handles when the ex
pelled negroes would lay them down.
It is a hopeful sign that the South sees all this,
and some of its best men declare that though dis
franchised and shorn cf his political rights the negro
should be made to understand that his personal and
property rights will be protected as a means of keep
ing him where he is.
Tillman of South Carolina irldorses Morgan and
adds to the contempt in which the decency of the
country holds him by abusing Booker Washington,
who .is toiling to give the negro just the industrial
training which the interests of the South require that
her laboring population should have.
Morgan and Tillman are raising a new issue which
will divide the Southern people into two classes, oh
living by industrial development and the other by
political demagogy.
PERSONAL MENTION.
Frank Buck of Vacavllle Is at the
Palace.
F. VT. Rust, a merchant of Los Angeles.
Is stopping at the Grand.
Lieutenant Colonel Lysle, an English
army officer, 1s at the Palace.
H. H. Hunter, a mining man of San
Jose, - is registered at the Grand.
C. F. Qulgley, a merchant of Grand
Rapids, Michigan, and wife are at the
Palace. ' • <
Dwight Hollister._ a prominent fruit
man of Portland, 13 stopping at tEa
Grand. " : ..; .-';" .<:¦
Mrs. r>. Holland, Miss Holland and Ml«s
Annie Holland of New York are at tTio
Palace.
Ex-Senator James McCudden and his
daughter from Vallejo are registered at
the Grand. .
E. H. Vance, the -prominent lumberman
of Eureka, and his wife are stopping at
the Grand.
Baron de St. Laurent, acting: French
Consul In this city for the past few
months, returns to assume- charge of his
old post at Vancouver, B. C. next Mon
day.
John D. Spreckel3, accompanied by M3
daughter. Miss Grace Spreckels. and Mrs.
"Walter D. K. Gibson, came home yester
day on the steamship Ventura from a de
lightful voyage to Australia and Inter
mediate Islands. !
many millwheels I now race fiercely after every .; rain
and then dry up almost completely. In the Missis
sippi Valley. devastating spring freshets are # no.w ex
pected as a matter, of course, while in: summer time
the dredges are kept busily at work digging chan
nels in the shallow beds of the streams. * * * In
the Reforested portions of the West the soil is a clay
loam. Deprived of shade it quickly bakes in the sun.
Over this hard crust the water rushes in torrents
without ever penetrating the soil, or on the great level
plains it lies in shallow lakes to be quickly evap
orated by the sun. * *> * The reforestry of de
nuded lands should be the first step taken toward the
development of our, rivers as channels of interstate
traffic." -,.-• ..
Such is the piftture given of affairs as they now exist
in a country where the people justly boast of a higher
degree of intelligence and practical sagacity than can
be found among any other people in the world. Is
it not time, then, that some of that sagacity be di
rected toward saving the United States from the fate
that has befallen so large a portion, of the once fer
tile regions of India?
v By I3r. InT. S. 3D avis, Oliioago.
How Best to Adapt Activity to '"Complex
Conditions, Destroy Nervous UnliealttL
and Prolong Life. . I
The San Francisco" Gall
PAPERS ON CURRENT TOPICS.
Prepared by Experts and Specialists for
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL., THURSDAY, APRIL. 11, 1901.
6
Call ¦nbscrlbera contemplating: a change of
residence durinsr the snmmer months can havn
their paper forwarded by mall to their new
addresses by notifying The Call Business Office.
Thin p&f.er will also be on sale at all ¦nmmer
resorts and la represented by a local agent la
all towns an the coast.
TO SUBSCRIBERS LEAYIHG TOWN FOR THE SUMMER.
' AMUSEMENTS.
Central — "Ingomar."
Tivoll— "The Idol'« Eye." '
Orpheum— Vaudeville.
Alcazar— "Tennessee's Pardner."
Graxd Opera-house — "Cinderella."'
Columbia — "More Than Queen."
California— "The County Fair," Sunday night.
Olympia, corner Mason and Eddy streets— Specialties.
Cbutes, Zoo and Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon and
evening. »
Fischer* e — Vaudeville.
Recreation Park— Baseball.
Tanforan Park— Races.
AUCTION SALES.
By Easton. Eldriaee & Co.— This day, at 11 and 2 o'clock,
IVrsian Rugs, at 149 Stockton street.
By Occidental Horse Exchance— Monday, April 15, Horses,
at 721 Howard street.
Ey G. H. Umbsen— Thursflay, April 18. at 12 o'clock. Busl-
r.ess Property, at 14 Montgomery street.Pilot Frederick W.. Jordan, who was
suspended by the Pilot Commission on ac
count of the wreck of the ill-fated Rio de
Janeiro, has been restored to • his former
position.
The commission conducted an investiga
tion with special reference to the respon
sibility of Pilot Jordan for the disaster
and all available witnesses were exam
ined. In the light of what appeared dur
ing the investigation, Commissioners
Leale and Alexander say that they could
not return any, other verdict than one ab
solving Jordan from air blame. Commis
sioner. Pratt, "however, was opposed to the
restoration • of Jordan on account of his
having . attempted to bring in the vessel
during a fog.
The vote was arrived at only after seven
meetings of tha Commissioners had been
held for the purpose of considering the
evidence. • Elturts were made to have the
decision of the board unanimous, but Cap
tain Pratt could not be brought to see
that Jordan was not in a measure re
sponsible. , ¦ ¦
One -of the strongest points in Jordan's
favor was his excellent record and the
testimony of ship captains as to his skill
and caution. The evidence introduced in
connection with the Sequoia was also a
.determining factor in the decision. It was
shown that she had been steered a point
and a half higher than usual in order to
reach Lime Point and brought up at Fort
Point. This proved that the current on
the morning of the accident was unus
ually strong.
Captain Leale is preparing an opinion
on the evidence presented during the in
vestigation, in which Captain Alexander
will concur. All those immediately con
cerned in the matter, including the offi
cials of the Pacific Mail, are satisfied with
the finding of the board, and Jordan has
had his license Issued to him again.
After the vote had been decided, Jordan
was summoned before the commission and
informed of the result. He was cautioned
to observe 'the regulations by which the
pilbts are governed and not to enter or
leave port during a foe, regardless of the
interests of the ship of which he might
be in. charge.
When the decision of the Commission
ers became known, Jordan was given an
ovation by his friends and business asso
ciates.
Chairman Pratt Opposes His Restora
tion, but Captains L.eale and
Alexander Are Satisfied * ,
He Was Blameless.
From Responsibility for
Rio Disaster.
Commission Absolves Him
PILOT JORDAN
IS REINSTATED
Wadleigh Is Reprimanded.
J. L. Wadleigh, whose son John, 10
years of age, appeared before Judge Ca
fcaniss Tuesday on a charge of begging,
was charged before the Judge yesterday
with allowing the boy to beg. The Judge
had only the power to reprimand Wad
leigh, but warned him that a repetition of
the offense would be severely . punished.
Wadleigh said that he could not" control
the boy, who has been sent to the Boys'
and Girls' Aid Society. The parents are
said to be professional beggars.
Hermann's Boomerang.
S. B. Hermann appeared' In Judge Fritz's
court yesterday as the complaining wit
ness .in a case of - malicious mischief
against Ella Ceiny, 41 Stockton street.- He
had the woman arrested for throwing
vitriol at him, but the case was dismissed
by Judge Fritz, as it was proved that It
was not vitriol :, but potash that was
thrown. Then he swore, to the complaint
charging the woman with malicious mis
chief for damaging his overcoat with the
liquid. While on the witness stand yes
day he admitted that he had received $20
from the woman for the damage to the
coat and had given her a receipt and a
written agreement not to prosecute her."
The receipt , was produced and the Judge
ordered Hermann ' ' into ¦ custody on a
charge of compounding a felony. The case
of malicious mischief was continued till
to-morrow.- " ~ ¦ - ; .
Actor Dougherty Acquitted.
Daniel Dougherty, actor in the Central
Theater, who v/as charged with assault
with a deadly weapon on complaint of
Fred Cooper, 730 Hayes street, another ac
tor, had the case dismissed by Judge Ca
baniss yesterday. The evidence showed
that Cooper called Dougherty an offensive
name and Dougherty, who had a cane in
his hand, asked him "how will you have
it?" Then he struck him on the forehead
with the cane, inflicting a slight wound.
It was also admitted that Cooper made a
threatening gesture before Dougherty
struck him with the cane. .
The Twentieth Century.
The twentieth century began January 1st,
1P01. and will end with 200a People did not
begin to reckon time. from A. D. 1, but. waited
tntil about the 530th year of the Christian
era. People who begin to take the great health
restorative. Hostetter's Stomach Bitters, Imme
diately after the first outbreak of dyspepsia,
malaria, rheumatism, constipation, nervous
ness or kidney trouble will date their cure Im
mediately from then.
The oil men of Kern County have
changed their Hne of procedure in'the mat
ter of their complaint against the South
ern Pacific and Santa Fe Railroad com
panies, which have, so they consider,
made unjust and excessive rates for the
transportation of petroleum. Yesterday
they dropped a bombshell among trie Rail
road Commissioners, who were in session
discussing the situation. . "
Frank H. Short, an attorney of Fresno,
communicated with tbe Railroad Commis
sioners and stated that He had been en
gaged by the oil men to represent their
interests in the fight against the railroad
companies and that he would like to with
draw all documents heretofore tiled with
the commission by the oil men. He also
requested that the hearing set for yester
day be continued to some time convenient
to the Railroad Cornmisslonfrs, but not
later than the regular meeting of the
board in the month <jf May.
In the meantime Attorney Short will
file a fresh compla'.nt, to which he pre
sumes the railroad companies will prompt
ly reply and the matter can then be con
sidered by the board at its next meeting.
What this complaint will be is not
known and the attorney keeps his plans
very much to himself. Those who are
familiar with the situation claim that the
oil men should* have been represented by
an attorney long ago. They, cite as evi
dence the weak case the oil men presented
to the demurrer that the Southern Pa
cific Company filed yesterday. This docu
ment recites that the petroleum men in
their complaint to the Railroad Commis
sioners "do not state facts sufficient to
constitute a cause of complaint; that said
complaint and resolution are uncertain in
this, that it does not appear therefrom
what particular rate3 it is sought to have
reduced, or upon what ground it is
claimed that said rates or any thereof
are in excess of a fair, just and reason
able rate for the service rendered."
The Railroad Commissioners have grant
ed the petition of the Santa Fe Company
for permission to abandon, its track be
tween Santa Monica and Englewood. The
matter 'has been under consideration by
the Railroad Commissioners for some
time. They decided that the only course
open to them was to grant the request of
the railroad company, as it was able to
show that the track had not paid operat
ing expenses since it had been built.- The
Santa Monica residents are anxious to
have the track abandoned, as they will
then be sure of a now electric car service
being put in operation at once.
They Engage Attorney Short
to Manage Fight' for
Lower Rates.
! yf^ APTAIN EDWARD A. REDDY
fl died yesterday afternoon at 4
(I . o'clock at the Almshouse, of
which he had been superintend
ent for six years past. He had
been in feeble- health since the middle.'o£
last July, when he suffered a stroke of
paralysis, and for a week pa^st he had
been lying at the point of death. 0
Captain Reddy was one of the best
known men in the State. As a mining
man and as an office holder he came in
contact with many people, and all who
knew him cherished his friendship. He
was genial, kindly and generous even to
a fault, always ready lo assist a friend
at whatever sacrifice of his own time
or money.
His birthplace was Woonsocket, R. 1.
He came to California in 1861 when he
was but 16 years of age. He went at once
to Virginia City and worked in the mines
there, afterward to Aurora, Nevada, and
finally to Inyo County, this State. In the
early seventies he became part owner and
manager of the Cerro Gordo mine in that
county. His interests there were finally
sold to Senators Stewart and Jones of
Nevada for a sum reaching into the hun
dred thousands.
As a miner Captain Reddy had his ups
and downs. At times he was wealthy,
but always free-handed and careless of
his wealth and much given to mining
speculation; there were other times whu
he was In straitened circumstances.
General McComb, Warden of the State
Prison at San Quentin, made him captain
of the guard in 1SS4, and it was that office,
OIL MEN CHANGE
THEIR TACTICS
Night express train 9, from Los An
geles, was wrecked shortly after 1 o!clock
yesterday morning at a point on the coast
division between San Miguel and Bradley.
No lives were lost, but the accident is 011.1
of the most costly to the Southern Pacific
Company in the history of the road. Sev
en cars were destroyed by fire, ?25,O0O in
gold that was in Wells, Fargo & Co.'s
express safe is in the ruins and: most 1 of
the passengers' baggage went up insmoks.
D. 6. Mills was traveling on the train
in his. special car "Sacramento." His car
and two Pullmans were : saved from de
struction by fire through the kindly offices
of the passengers, who,' as soon as they
had gained their composure after the ac
cident, realized the dancer that the three
cars were in, uncoupliyl them and pus*ied
them out of the way of the flames.
James F. Higgins, express messenger,
had his leg* severely -bruised by the
shock when the car he was traveling in
left the track. Baggagemaster Watson
had one rib fractured. . The rest, of the
passengers on ¦ the train escaped with a
few bruises, ¦which bv railroad men is
looked upon as marvelous, considering the
speed at which the tram was running. .
Several passengers who were' on the
wrecked express arrived on the relief
train that reached this city at 5 o'clock
last night. They, say they were aroused
by the shock of the train leaving the
track. As soon as they could recover they
dressed and sot out of the cars. They
saw a weird sight. The mail, baggage and
the first day coach were not only derailed
but the two latter cars had run ud a side
hill and were lying on th'elr side more
than sixty feet above the track. They
were bursting into flames and soon after
ward a day coach and three tourist cars
caught fire. The engine was on the track
In its right position about 300 yards aheart
of the train/but the' tender, though still
attached . to - the. engine, was without
wheels and was overturned. The passen
gers after much difficulty released th»j
last two Pullmans and D. O. Mills' car
and they were hauleri out of danger.
Blankets were taken from the cars and
the Injured and women and children were
made as comfortable as possible. '
The passengers complain that the South
ern Pacific Company was a long time re
sponding with a relief train and that they
were unnecessarily detained before bein?
brought to this cit^.
Manager Kruttschnitt says thatSthe ac
cident was most unfortunate and that no
one was to blame. It was caused througn
a broken flange on a front wheel of the
engine. The locomotive was a new one
and one of the best m: use on the coast
division. '. - . ¦" ¦ '" r
"We seem to be unlucky. on the new
coast division.' he saia. "It was an acci
dent that was nobodv's fault and is one
of the misfortunes tliat come with rail
road transportation. \ Our loss is severe.'
That there were no lives lost is truly mar
velous and a source cf much relief to us."
Express Train on New Coast
Line Derailed Near
Bradley.
which he filled most admirably, that gave
him. the title of captain. He served In
that capacity till 1891. For a year he was
an assistant coiner at the United States
Mint. He resigned that position to be
come superintendent of the Defiance mine
at Darwin, Inyo County, which belonged
to his brother, the late Colonel Patrick
Reddy of the firm cf Reddy, Campbell &
Metson ¦' •
In 1895 Captain Reddy was appointed
Superintendent of the Almshouse by the
Board of Health selected by Governor;
Budd. So efficient was his administra
tion that when the political complexion
of the board changed he was left in
charge of the institution.
.During the six . years of his superin
tendency there was not a breath of
scandal concerning the affairs of the
Almshouse. Captain Reddy instituted
many reforms and innovations which en
deare8>him to the inmates of the Alms
house and made the institution a much
more efficient agent of public charity.
As a mining superintendent Captain
Reddy' s courage was put to severe tesl3
many times, and he became known all
along the mother lode as a man who
knew no fear. I It was that " reputation
that led to his appointment as captain
of the guard at San Quentin, and in that
office he sustained his former reputation
for fearlessness.
Mrs. Carrie Reddy, the widow of the
deceased, has been matron at the Alms
house during his term as superintendent.
Captain Reddy leaves a son, George M.,
and a married daughter, the children of
a former wife. Both reside in Los An
geles. The funeral will occur Friday.
The hour and .the other .details have not
yet been determined.
BROKEN FLANGE
CAUSES A WRECK
CAPTAIN EDWARD A. REDDY. SUPERINTENDENT OF THE ALMS
HOUSE, FOR WHOSE DEATH THOUSANDS OF PEOPLE ALL OVER
CALIFORNIA WILL MQ URN. PHOTO BY THORS.
Company Is Being Formed
to Sink the Well There
Meeting of Producers for Discussion
of Matters Important to Indus
try Will Be Held at
Palace.
A company Is about to be Incorporated
for the purpose of determining whether
there is oil to be struck by drilling on the
peninsula near San Francisco. The con
ditions attending the enterprise are of
general interest, and prominence is ac
cordingly given to the jfacts. In 1891-92
the San i rancisco Land and Improve
ment Company drilled j a well 1S17 feet
deep at Baden. During the panic season
of lt&J all v,ork was suspended, and since
that time no further effort has been made
to do anything -with the hole. F. C. Mc-
Pherscn, who drilled for the company,
has reported to Mr. Martin, the manager
of the Land and Improvement Company,
thai at various aeptns oily strata "were
pierced and that he wished to continue to
uriii deeper, but the directors o£ tne com
pany aid not consent. JNlr. Martin said
yesterday that he expects to lorm a com
pany to determine a very interesting
question. The capital stock will be only
*2o,»wj. There will be no promoter's
s>tocK and no salaried officials. He
hopes to get business men to take
part in tne experiment, and says
thtit only enough snares will be sold to
insure a thorough test of the well. "I
reccRnize the fact," said Mr. Martin,
"that the enterprise is a gamble, pure and
simple, but the possibilities are so great
and the matter is of so much moment to
San Francisco, that I expect no trouble
in finding enterprising citizens enough
who will risk their money in a .venture
of this kind. As soon as we incorporate
w'e will push the work as fast as possi
ble."
Oil Men Gather at Palace.
The oil men of the Kern River and Mc-
Kittrick districts will meet in the marble
room of the Palace Hotel in this city to
morrow evening to discuss the situation in
its various aspects. The companies that
have been invited to send representatives
to the conference will probably all re
spond because of the importance of the
matters that may come up for considera
tion. Henry Ach has conferred with rep
resentatives of several companies since
he sent out invitations to the meeting.
The general sentiment is in favor of
united action among the large oil pro
ducers of the districts mentioned.
The excitement over possible oil discov
eries, according to the San Bernardino
Times-Index, is on the increase in the
de&ert. This paper says:
At Barstcw and Daesett beds are not to be
had at any price so great is the demand for
them, and a livery stable man is a person to
be approached with liowed head. Daggett is
the latest place to catch the Infection and al
ready the clumps of bunchgrass are outnum
bered by location stakes. At Kramer, where
tbe oil was iirst struck, workmen are rushing
to get a regular oil rig- for the purpose of
einking a fle«p well. It is impossible to cor
rectly estimate the claims already staked out
as all have not been riicorded, but the area Is
large and still increasing. At Victor also there
are hundreds of locations, and while there are
; no wells down yet some will be begun very
i soon. Altogether the desert Is the liveliest
place in Southern California. ¦
Another journal says that surveyors are
busy at all points on the desert between
Kramer, Daggett and Calico, on a tract
many miles wide, laying out claims for
parties in Los Angeles, San Bernardino
and other towns in Southern California.
Thousands of acres have also been located
on the Yuma desert, and in the region
about Walters, Salton and Indio. Parties
are sinking a well about eighteen miles
south of Walters.
The Folsom Telegraph says that there
is a rumor that the old Swain ranch and
other property in the Carson Creek dis
trict has been bonded by parties who
think there is oil in that district. '
I Number of "Wells in California.
i The Los Angeles Herald has been count-
I ing up oil wells in California and figures
out that there is only 21 per cent less
wells under the drill in this' State than
in Pennsylvania, West Virginia, Ohio and
Indiana combined. The Herald says;
The Oil City Derrick's monthly oil report
shows for March 742 completed wells, of which
ISO were dry, havins a production of 10.343
barrels daily, in trie Pennsylvania, West Vir
ginia, Ohio and Indiana fields. Work under
way March 31 was: Rigs, 503; wells drilling,
ES3; total, 13S2. It is a notable fact that the
Herald's report of same date showed new 'pro
duction in California of 3124 barrels, or nearly
a third that of the four States covered by the
Derrick's report. This is the productive capac
ity of ninety-four completed wells, of 'which
eighteen were dry. Work in progress in Cali
fornia was shown by the Herald to be: Rigs,
235; wells drilling:, 69S; total, 933. This shows
that of wells drilling- March 31 there were in
California 79 per cent as many as in the com
bined fields cf Pennsylvania, West Virginia,
Ohio and Indiana. The prolific sands of several
California fields have also kept the average
production of new wells very much higher than
that of Eastern fields. In the latter there were
562 productive wells brought in in March, of
an average production of 18% barrels a day,
while in California there were seventy-six new
wells, of an average production of 41 ¦ barrels
a day.
Excitement in Arizona.
Most of the interest in the oil prospects
In Arizona would seem to be centered
about the Jerome field, north of Prescott.
Much of the land for a distance of about
twelve miles from Jerome Junction east
has been taken up, and' there are also
locations In the Black Hills divide, on
the Verde slope and in Lonesome Valley.
Indications are also reported to have been
discovered west of Tucson. AH over Ari
zona preparations are making to substi
tute oil for coal for fuel. The Prescott
Electric Company has made the change.
A number of the more important mines
in Yavapai County will cease to burn coal.
With the letting of the contract for the
grading of a railroad into the Sunset dis
trict, the prospects of that section are
materially bettered. The Bakersfleld Cali
toini&n reports that the indications are
that work will .be rushed in order that
the line may be completed before another
winter.
AV. E. Youle has gone East In connec
tion with a plan for the establishment of
a new refinery at Kern City for the man
ufacture of asphaltum. Ten men are con
cerned equally in the enterprise.
SEEK OIL IN NEW FIELDS.
Drills to Penetrate the Dry Bed of
Tulare Lake. ,
BAKERSFIELD. April 10.— It Is ru
mored here that prospecting tot oil in the
bed of Tulare Lake is about to be re
sumed. San Francisco capitalists are said
to be forming a syndicate wlth't"his end
m view. About a year ago elaborate plan3
were made for development work in the
bed of the lake, which has been dry for
several years, but before the plans hai
progressed far Theodore Bacigalupi, who
was at the head of the project, disposed
of his interests in that section and the de
velopment ceased. ¦
A noted oil expert who exploited the
San Joaquin Valley fields several year3
aso when the oil excitement first began
expressed the opinion that beneath the
bed of this lake there would be found a
vast oil body. His theory was that as the
strata of matter underlying the surface
of the earth followed to a great extent the
Irregularities of the conformation of that
surface there would, exist under every
great depression a corresponding depres
sion in these strata. Naturally the trend
of fluid bodies would follow this depres
sion and the largest and most inexhausti
ble volumes would do found where the de
pression was deepest. On this theory he
argued that in a region Impregnated with
oil no spot offered better attractions for
the prospector than the dry bed of a lake,
but as the depression would bring the oil
bodies deeper than on ' the higher levels
it would be necessary to drill ¦• deeper in
order to find them. Whether this theory,
is correct may soon be learned.;
- HANFORD. April 10.— Some time ago it
was announced that Theodore Bacigalupi.
a capitalist of San Francisco, who owned
a big tract of land in the bed of Tulare
Lake would organize a company and bore
for oil there. A short time ago Bacigalupi
sold all his property in this county, in
cluding his lake land, and the project of
boring for oil there has been abandoned.'
Those who profess to know state that
there axe good oil indications in the vicin
ity of Tulare Lake and something may
yet be done to develop that territory.
HOPE TO FIND
OIL AT BADEN
THE SAN FRANCISCO' CALL/ THURSDAY, APRIL 11, 1901.
CAPTAIN EDWARD REDDY
DIES AT POST OF DUTY
7
AMUSEMENTS.
•*GRAND HOTEL*.
¦Visitors to San F"ranclsco who make
their headquarters at these hotels en-
joy comforts and conveniences not to
be obtained elsewhere. Desirable loca-
tion, courteous attaches and unequaled-
cuisine. 'American and European plans.
HOTEL*-
JACKSON-STREET RESIDENCE,
NORTH SIDE. NEAR BUCHANAN ST.
IN FINEST ORDER.
MUST. BE SOLD. VERY CHEAP.
THOS. MAGEE & SONS,
.' 5 Montgomery st.
HIGHLAND
SPRINGS.
Only Three Hours' Staging
To thrf prettiest, healthiest, most restful place
In all California. Resident physician. Every
comfort and amusement. Ratea— $10, $12, $14,
$15 and $16 per; week. Call on LEE D. CRAIG,
316 Montgomery st., and see photographs of
hotel and surroundings. We take pleasure in
writing full particulars." Address CRAIG &
WARNER.
LAUREL DELL LAKE
MOST ATTRACTIVE PLACE IN LAKE
County to spend a vacation. Boating,
bathing, bowling, tennis, livery, • new walks
end boats. Write for circular.- EDGAR DUR-
NAN. Laurel Dell, Lake Co.. Cal.
HOTEL MOUNT VIEW
Changed hands.. Will hereafter be open the
year-round. Bus meets 11 o'clock train from
city at present. The culinary department will
receive specail attention. . For rates and par-
ticulars address HOTEL M-UNT VIEW. Ross
Valley, Marln Co. Cal. ¦ '
THE GEYSERS, g-^
ONE OF i NATURE'S WONDERS. NATU-
ral steam, baths; swimming, fishing, • hunt-
ing and livery. ' Write for pamphlet. I.
WERTHEIMER, manager.
GOOD FELLOWS' HOME,
AMID -THE MOUNTAINS OF MENDO-
cino. Visit this quiet' little resort" for
solid comfort. For particulars apply to . S.
STRATTON, 3 Eighth street. City.
SAN JOSE
CARNIVAL OF ROSES.
HOTEL ST. JAMBS.
Finest Equipped Hotel* In the State.
GRAND' OPERA. HOUSE
. ALL THIS WEEK— Our Easter Spect3cl«.
"CINDERELLA."
XEW COMPANY— XEW FEATtTREa.
Morosco's Shetland Ponie3 and Their Babies.
Magnificent Scenery. Costumes and Effects.
10O People. Ponies on view In Lobby of Theater,
v Prices— 10c. 15c, I3c. 50c. A few seats 7oc.
Good Orchestra Seat Saturday and Sunday
Matinees 25c. Branch Ticket Office Emporium.
Next Week— Florence Stone and John Web-
ster Jr. In an elaborate- revival of "EAST
LTXXE.". 3&??C«S!r9.$fc :" ¦ .
; ;
Evenings at 8. Matinee Saturday at 2.
IT SPARKLES WITH MIRTH AND MUSIC.
The Most Famous of Comic Oj>eras.
I 11 d
"HOOT JV\Otyi.»'
By Harry B. Smith and Victor Herbert.
HARTMAN as -ABEL CONN".
WHEELAN as "HOOT MONV
POPULAR PRICES 25c and 5Cs
Telephone — Bush 9.
A GREAT EASTER BILL!
t
FREVOST AND PREVOST, HAL STEPHENS
AND CO.. JOSEPHINE GASSMAN AND
HER PICKANINNIES, GEORGE H. WOOD.
FULLER. MOLLER AND BURKE. HAMIL-
TON HILL. THE GIRL OF QUALITY. THE
GREAT AMERICAN BIOGRAPH. TSCHER-
NOFTS MARVELOUS DOG CIRCUS.
Reserved Seats. 25c: Balcony, 10c: Opera Chaira
and Box Seata, 50c.
Matinees Wednesday, Saturday and Sunday.
EVERY NIGHT— MATINEE SATURDAY.
The Most .Gorgeous Production
Known to the Stage.
ET NOTE THE CHANGE OF TIME.
Evenings at 8— Matinees at 3.
America's Distinguished Emotional Actress.
In the Imperial Spectacle.
MORE THAN QUEEN
QFATQ NOW READY FOR
*3l*t*- * V> . SECOND WEEK.
BELASCO *"* THALCSjfojfltip
<i^ *^ lOTSTTf CJTTIULjA
TO-NIGHT AND EVERY EV'G THIS WEEK.
Matinees Satx-day and Sunday.
Engagement of America's Tragedian.
ROBERT DOWNING
Supported by the Central Stock Company.
Superb production of the beautiful play,
"INGOMAR."
A Powerful 'Cast. Perfect Ensemble.
PDirCC EVENINGS 10c. 15c. 3Sc. 50c
I AIWCJ MATINEES 10c. 13c. 23c
NEXT • WEEK— Spectacular production of
"JULIUS CAESAR."
fsL-f H EAT R e^AT
LAST 4 NIGHTS.
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
TENNESSEE'S f™
PARDNER^ S.' 8
BEST PLAY OF THE SEASON.
Next Week, "OH SUSANNAH."
• THE BIG EVENT.
NEXT SUNDAY EVE., April 14.
ONE WEEK— MAT. SATURDAY.
SPECIAL ENGAGEMENT OF
NEIL BURCESS,
HIMSELF AS
ARIRAH PRlIf- IlN HIS GREAT BIG
ADiuAIL rnUC production of
THE COUNTY FAIR
THE MOST ELABORATE PRODUCTION
EVER GIVEN. THE FAMOUS PLAY.
3 Thoroughbred Rn shonai mounted by u mtay O
gayly clad jockeys running s %-mile dash J]
st terriflo ipeaO. y. \ , '
~"i SEATS NOW READY. -i=£5
EVENING 2oc, 35c, 50c. 75c. $100.
MATINEE 25c. 5Cc. 73c
OLYMFIA £S£l.n'6*
THE ONLY FREE VAUDEVILLE SHOW IX
THE CITY.
ROSCOB and SIMS,
Musical Artists.
ROUSELL AND HOWARD,
Aerial Horizontal Bar Act.
CLINTON MONTGOMERY
And his Illustrated war songs.
AND OUR CELEBRATED. STOCK COM-
PANY.
MATINEE EVERT SUNDAY.
. AMATEUR NIGHT EVERY FRIDAY.
;.-. ADMISSION FREE.
SAN FRANCISCO JOCKEY CLUB.
WEEK APRIL S to 13.
SIX HIGK-CLASS RACES DAILY.'
Wednesday, hurdle race: Thursday, handicap*
3-year-olds and over. 1500 added; Saturday —
BIQ DAY— SteeDlechase and Colts' Trial
Stakes, $2SC0 added.
NEXT WEEK SEVERAL BIG EVENTS!
First Race Daily at 2:10 P. M.
¦ Trains from Third and Townsend Sts. — 7, 9:30
11:30 a. m.; 12:40. 1. 1:30, 2 p. m.
Returning leaves track 4:15 and thereafter at
short Intervals. Rear cars reserved for ladles
and escorts.
ADMISSION (INCLUDING R. R. FARE). »1 23.
\TILTON S. LATHAM. Secretary. .V'
E. J. POWER, Racing Secretary.
BASEBALL.
LOS ANQBLES ys^AN FRANCISCO.
To dayacdTo'marroF. "Ladies' Days*'
AT 3:15.
RECREATION PARK,
Eighth and Harrison streets.
Weekly CaUT$i.pOperYear
CLENBftOOK.
Just the place to' enjoy your vacation. Various
amusements. Plenty large & smal game. Table
& beds unsurpassed. ' Rates only $8 & $10. Infor-
mation .'at Traveler office, • 20 Montgomery : st.,'
or •' address ¦ O. W. R. TREDWAY, Proprietor,
Glenbrook, ' Lake County, Cal. " ' . ' •,
SKAGOS HOT SPRINGS f^VKs
from - San Francisco; but 9 miles' staging;
waters noted for medicinal virtues; best nat-
ural bath in State; swimming and boating;
good trout streams; telephone, telegraph, daily
mall and express; first-class hotel and stage
service; morning and afternoon stages; round
trip from San Francisco only $5 50. Take Tlb-
uron ferry at 7:30 a. m. 'or S:30 p. m. Terms,
$2 a day or $12 a week. References — Any guest
of the past six years. For further informa-
toln- address J. F. MULGREW, Skaggs, Cal.
DR C C. O'DONNELL'S
MINERAL SPRINGS AT GLEN ELLEN,
the best camping, picnte and pleasure re-
sort on the Coast. The greatest remedy for
lung disease, liver and stomach . complaints,
rheumatism' and catarrh • In the world; 43
miles from S. F. The S. P. R. R. and S. F.
& N. P. R. R. give special rates to campers;
30 cottages and tents furnished; rent cheap;
no fogs nor poison oak at the park ; mineral
water, boats and bathing free. Inquire of DR.
C. C. O'DONNELL, office 1021% Market, bet.
6th and 7th,' S. F. \ If you want your health,
pleasure and longevity this is the place to go.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
To Mothers of Large Families.
In this vrorkaday world few women
are so placed that physical exertion
is not constantly demanded of them
in their daily life. . • !/
Mrs. Pinkham makes a special appeal
to mothers of largxj families whose
work is ncrcr done, and many of
whom suCor. and suCer for lack of
intelligent aid.
To women, yonc^- or old, rich or
poor, Mrs. Pinkhara, of Lynn, Mass.,
extends her invitation of free advice.
Oh, women ! do not let your lives be
sacrificed when a word from Mrs.
Pjakham, at the first approach of
M Sf^u3j *«i? Mill
Mrs. CAESrS BILLETILLB.
weakness, may fill your future years
with healthy joy.
" Wh?n I bejan to take Lydia E.
Pinkham's Vegetable Compound I was
not able to do my housework. I Buf-
fered terribly at time of menstruation.
Several doctors told me they could do
nothing for me. Thanks 'to Mrs. Pink-
ham's advice and medicine I am now
well, and can do the work for eight in
the family..
" I would recommend Lydia E.
Pinkham's Vegetable Compound to all
mothers with large families." — Mrs.
Caeeie F.^t.i Luding-tou, Mich.
TO SEE THE
PRESIDENT
AND
THE LAUNCHING OF THE
BATTLESHIP "OHIO."
MAY 18th -_- - - 1901.
We have secured the only available land or.
the bay front and will erect thereon comfort-
able and commodious s^ats. Kach seat w' 1 !
i-ornrr.and an opea view of the start of the
Ohio as she leaves the ways and takes her
first bath. The spectacle will be one you can-
not afford to miss seeing.
President McKlnley, accompanied by his
fiaff, and a number of prominent Ohloans will
be en the boat.
Secure your seats now, as this is the only
available place on land to view the launch-
ins and you can now get seats at the com-
pany's price. Don't wait until they are
bought by speculators and you have to pay
double for them.
Price $3 and $2 each. Make drafts payab'-i
to secretary. 916 Market street, room 58.
R. HESSE. Manacer. '
V. J. ICN'IGHT. Secretary-
WESTERX Is'AT. BAXK, Depository.
LAWRENCE C. MANOR, Attorney, phon-
Red 5214.
tQured While
You Sleep
In Fifteen Bays
*"Gran-So!Tent* 1 <3!ssolTes Stricture like snow b»»
peath the sun. reduces Enlarged Prostate osi
•Irene: hene tbe Seminal Ducts, stopping Drains aM
Emissions in Fifteen Days.
No Cmps to ruin the stomach, bat > direct local
•lid positive application to the entire urethral tract
Gran-Solvent Is not a liquid. It is prepared '.*
the form of Crayons or Pencils, smooth andaexlfcl*
tud b j narrcw as to pass the closest Stricture. •
Every Man Should Know Himself.
Tse Et. James Assn.. I5ox £.'4. Cincinnati. O.. hm
pf*j<a.re<J at jrrcnt expense an exhaust- ffiffi
fre illustrated Treatise upon the ma!e LULL
MTsiem. which th«» will »end w any mrr «
ST JAMFS AS^N 250 elm st.,
31. JA3IC3 A32R.. Cincinnati. Ohio.
BOTTLE CURES
fMcBURNEY'8
»viu 1 icy cure
A thorough core" for
pains in 1 fce back,
BRIGHT'S DISEASE,
female troubles, incoa-
nuence of crlne. brick dnst deposits, bod-
wetting of children, gravel, gall clones,
dropsy, diabetes, and rheumatism.
FOR SALE AT
Xo Percentage Drug Co., 949-931 Market
ei. ; Dahlbender Drug Co.. 214 Kearny st.
Send 25c in 2c etamps to W. F. McBumey,
<1S S. Spring 6t.. Los Angeles, Cal.. for 3
cays" treatment. Prepaid U 50. Druggists.
PERFECT
Used by people of refinement
for over a quarter of a century.
$ visit DR. JORDAN'S great4
Museum of anatomy*
M L -JS 1,1 lifirr ' Li - PWY - r - - g ''--| L -1**1- ff
T cjr The Largest Anatomical Museum in tlie \
m «JT^^_ World. Weokneste* or any contracted Q
(i.^ease poi>iti»«-ly cured by the oldeit \
© /rt;»?| Specialist on the Coast Hit. 35 years. Q
A $•#**& CR. JORDAN-DISEASES CF MEN A
I f CcS!7)S Consultation free and strictly private. \
C t \*fcr n Trea:inent personally or by letter. A Q
\ R 1/ Nl R t>otitivt Curt ' n every case undertaken. T
Aril I& Wnte for F.ook. PHIKONOrilV or >
f ' [I li* HA.HR I ACE. MAILED FREE. CAT
A (} I}. valuable book for ni*n) i
r DB. -SOUDAN A CO.. 1051 Market St.. S. F. T
SfQ^lr RUPTURE CORED
\\d^L^h^ll^ for TEN DOLLARS.
-i ; ?r»Svef?v''H Thousands have been eure<l
at their own homes for this
PtVv ,•¦ ' i . ,- s ..<-.***-a small pne-e. t;reatert In-
Vs:a«5^"- -Jrlv ¦.•"-> §•¦?%"/ ventura of the Aee. Secur-
V S^S- A- O/ itvai.d.-omlort to «lierui>-
tured. Ko worthless fialves
SgBgggLguISEia orloUonstorubon. Itdoes
> V? c K^yj the work. Invertinale!
•'Booklet K*. |« glvinc full information nia'Jed, limnertl-
tle". v on re<-rtT>l 2c. stamp and tills advU fall or , address
MAGNETIC TBUSS C3. csoOUrkei street, SAK FBAKCISCO.
*«*<#""$ 5?%>s?«m tr E '£ O Is 6 non-polBonont
«r5(fl23sP0VKgJ| remedy for Gonorrhoea,
Glert, S pcrma toirha a.
iTSSJF in 1 ioSdtTi.\fca Wfcitr*. unnatural dij-
SSml Gnaractee'd Ik chargi . or any infloama-
llfc»2| net « ttrictare. tion, 1 ritation or ulcera-
jj™^ V frtrecu contagion. tion f mucoui Bicm-
g7*VH£Ev*XSCHtMiC»rC3. branes. Son-astringent.
fteg^CINEimTI.O.fSJS Sold by I>raeEt»W? '
%£?Sak. C E i_- jF^ nr 6< " nt in plain wrapper,
JScjzZS^ br express, prepaid, for
*^alefta^^H *'•<*>• or 3 bottles, {2.73.
12 2ul&r cent ca rc^u jut*
i
Positively cured by thess
Little Pills.
They also relieve distress from Dys-
pepsia, Indigestion and Too Hearty
Eating. A perfect remedy for Dizzi-
ness. Nausea, Drowsiness,. Bad Taste
in the Mouth. .Coated Tongue. Pain.iv
the Side, TORPID LIVER. They
Regulate the Bowels. Purely Vegetable.
Small Pill. Small Dose.
Small Price.
. ¦
WHO is it that advises you to • put
money ?n Ollt?
Has he made money HIMSELF? .
STJCCESS camps with STJCCESS.
Then FOLLOW success. FOLLOW
me.
JAS. R. T. MERSHON,
537, S3S, 539,550 PARROTT BDC.S.F.
¦ W. W. MONTAGUE & CO,,
MANUFACTURE
IRON PIPE
FOR OIL "WELLS, FOR IRRIGATION; FOR
POWER PLANTS. FOR MINES.
- TANKS
FOR OIL. FOR WATER. FOR CTANIDB
PLANTS.
SAN FRANCISCO. ' .'
Directory
M..OI ••»
Reputable
*& OIL
Companies:
ADVANCE from 10c to 25c
¦ On April 15 the stock of the/Kern
Valley O.'l Company will be advanced
from ioc to 25c. Apply room 13, fifth
floor, Mills Building, San Francisco.
California Fortune Oil Co.
80 acres Sunset, 80 acres. McKlttrlck. 320 acres
In Coallnga. Now drilling In Sunset. Limited
amount of stock at 50c. Information and pros-
pectus furnished on application to E. DEN-
ICKE, Secretary, room 614 Parrott bldg, S. F.
COLUSA
CONSOLIDATED
OIL and REFINING
COA\F>/\INY
Owns 4414 acres 8 miles > west of Arbuckle.
Colusa County, In the heart of the oil district.
Paraffine base oil. Limited amount of stock
at 60c. S0.000 shares sold in 10 days. Informa-
tion and prospectus furnished. .Office
630 MARKET STm San Francisco,
Famoso Oil & Investment Co
LANDS IN KERN RIVER DISTRICT— "Well
No. 1, pumping over 600 barrels daily, rated
the "King" well of the district. No. 2 will
be finished by the 10th of April— 10,000 shares
left at 50 cents. Order by malL 75 cents
after April 10. 393 Parrott buiMlng, S. F.
Investors' Assured Stock
In a company owning producing well.
20c Per Share. ' ' ¦¦
.._¦ Write or call for information.
OCCIDENTAL OIL CO.. 471 Parrott Building.
NAPA AND BERRTESSA VALLEY OIL
COMPANY— Controls 10OO acres of U. S. patent-
ed land in Napa County where the finest lubri-
cating oil in California is found; stock at 20
cents; prospectus furnished. 570 and 571 Parrott
building. .San Francisco. -^« r y
SALINAS OIL AND DEVELOPMENT CO.
1880 ACRES IN MONTEREY COUNTY.
Well down 300 feet; small amount of treasury
stock at 15c per share. Prospectus and map
and information on application. J. B. OLSEN.
Secretary. £74 Parrott building. San Francisco.
SILVER STAR OIL CO.
Lands In heart of McKlttrick District, ad-
joining large producing wells. Small block of
stock for sale. Prospectus and information fur-
nished at room 60S Safe Deposit Building. 323
Montgomery st. ¦ .
THE WELLINGTON
OF SUNSET— PROVEN OIL LAND.
Controls 449 acres. Are drilling. Some stock
Is being said at 50c per share. Information and
prospectus furnished on application. No. i,
Kepond Floor. Mills Tiulldlng. San Franclaco.
AMUSEMENTS.
CHUTES_AND ZOO
BIG VAUDEVILLE BILL.
LEAH MAY^e Giantess.
SPECIAL TO-1VICHTI
THE AMATEURS
AND A '
FAT L ADIES^C AKE WALK.
. . Telephone for seats^Park 23.
PTQCHFR'S' CONCERT HOUSE.
ridyn£<n D . Admission lUc.
- Laura Lopez, the Orlskanys, ,T. Payne, Kel-
cey Sisters, Mabel Martin.. Tom Mack. Melville
Coakley and Hinrichs' Orchestra. Reserved
Seats. 23c.- Matinee Sunday.¦
NKW TCniC, April 10.— The speculation for
the sdvance was renewed In force to-day and
*.!ip r.wrkrt resumed much the same appear
rr.ee «ls it had during the excited speculation
'•{ lart week. London helped to this result by
tcoe rather emphatic advances in the lnter
rjjtlonal etocks lx>fore the opening here, which
*>>n» perhaps incident to the fortnightly tPttie
jn'-nt now in progress on the London Stock
Kxchange. The market o:*ned here in a fairly
1-uoyant condition, the congested buying caus
ing running cales of -'several thousand chare
kUgcfca in a number of etoi-ks at the opening at
;-.<:vsnc<»s of from 1 to 2 points. This materially
Hgfcer level of prices attracted torae large ppII
ir.p to realize, snd the tone became rather
r>i nous for a while, as shown In the wide and
Hm|U«Jlt fluctuarions in some of the prominent
Mlr^f. Hut the simulative leaders eeemed to
b» again well supplied with resources, and
'tl»oy supported the market with great confi
o.-nce and manipulated prices with much euc-
CCBBJ The stid Jen and violent advances
w«H calculated to facilitate the multitude of
< i:tside f peculators, v.ho were very evidently
waiting so ocrae into the market ui>on any
• :--finlte signs of a further advance. Monday's
ruction and the subsequent recovery evidently
rcrved'to convince many i>ersons that no lower
ini'-es v.eiv tu be espected for the present, and
iliat further advance might be reasonably
looked 'lor. It was demonftrated. In fact, that
the public is rtill wiilins: and eager to buy
Ft'w-kn. jictwithftanJing the high level of
l>rice!« measured hy the earning power, sa long
as prii-ej; <x>nt!nue to. go up.' Large speculative
!n*U. th«rcicr\ find it worth wliiie to support
i-iioes and to advajice the market, even in the
:a>v of heavy offerings, owing to the large out
cide Ucnxand attracted by the advance in
New York Stock Market.
> . • CALL BOARD . SALES. . .
Informal Session^— 9:15 o'clock— No sales.
.'. Second '¦ Session — December— 2000 ctls, • 72',ic. ¦
¦- Regular ' Morning , Session— No sales... - • •: '
; : Afternoon Session— May— 2300 ctls, 76c. * = De
cember — 200(1. 72!ic. ".' ''-.-. '¦
¦ OATS — There • is nothing new ' . to - - report.
CALL" «BOARD SALES
Informal Session — ' 9:15 o clock— May— 2000
ctls, $101; 4000, $1 OOTi- , ¦ ' •
Second Session— December— 2000 - ctls,' $1 04=1;
12,000, Jl 04%. May— 4000. $t 0014; 2000, $1 00%. -
Regular " Morning 1 Session— December— S00)
ctls. $1 04Ts. • May— 10,000. $1 OO^g.
• Aftt-rnoon Session — No sales. .
BARLEY- The "market was dull at the de
cline already noted, • with free offerings. ¦ -
"? Feed, ' 77%®7834c , for , No. 1 : and . 73%i575 for
oft grades : - Brewing ; and ; Shipping grades, 82^4
@S 7t /4c ;.Chevallier. normal.' ...-'- ¦ ¦
WHEAT— Liverpool and Paris futures were
both off. New York advanced %c and Chicago
opened firmer and improving,;with:more dis
position to buy, and good purchasing by the
shorts." There was also some investment.buy
ing. ,; There t was likewise less pressure to : sell,
and most scalpers were getting bullish on the
break. 1 ¦ Minneapolis reported cash ' wheat > very
strong. Corn - acted weak ¦ and every time
Phillips quit. buying the market dragged. :
This ¦ market was . easier on call and' un
changed on. the spot. .
Spot. Wheat— Shipping, $1; milling, $1 O2'.t@
1 05 per ctl.- ¦-¦ "•
Wheat and Other Grains.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days .' — . $4 85%
Sterling Exchange, sight... — -. • 4 83
Sterling Cables- .:......../ — 4 90
New York Exchange, sight....... — 12^
New York Exchange.- telegraphic, — 15-
Silver, per ounce ...:... — 69',4
Mexican Dollars, nominal 4954 60,,
Exchange and Bullion.
EASTERN MARKETS.
LOCAL MARKETS.
Realizing sales Involving considerable scat
tered lines * gave the corn market a heavy
aspect at the opening. Buying from Phillips
checked tha decline. The close • was steady.
H&'ic. lower at 43%®4334c 5 ' »
Oats were • depressed. . May closed U@'ic
lower at 24ric. -. ' ¦-•..*
. Provisions were • easier at the, opening, but
a good cash demand' later caused -a recovery.
May pork closed . 7',£c higher, . lard Z^tjac up
and ribs 7%c better..
The^ leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles— \ Open. Hizh. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2—
May :.... 70 70^ . C9»i 70U
July..... 7O»4 ,71 70t4-70%
Corn No. 2 — . .
April....' r 43U 43iJ 43>« 40lj
jMay 44 "44 . 43»i' "43?;
"July .: ;.. 43li 43?4 42% • 43'i
• Oats No.- 2— '
May 23 25 2i5j 2 4=i
July "<25 25 . 245s 24? 4
Mess Pork, per. bbl— ... . • ...
May .14 20 . 14 45 14 20 14 371;
July ..:.. ...H 25 1453 1425 'J447;i
Lard. r>er • 100 lbs — • ..-'-.•.
May > S 15 S ;2}4 8 15 ' S 20
Juiy '. S 05 S 15 . 8 05 " ",. 8 10
September ......... 8 03 S 15 8 Oo 8 10
Shcrt Ribs, per 100 lbs— y,_
May.......: S 20 S 22H 8 15 - S 15
July :..:.:.. 7 %V£ ¦ s 00 , 7 87>i :7 95 •
September ......... 7 S7«£ 7 97Y 3 7 S5 - 7 90
S Cash quotations were as .follows: Flour,
easy; -No. 3 spring wheat, ¦ 67!g71c:- No. 2 red
e9'ir{ t 72c: No. 2 corn..43Ui54? 1 ,4c; No. 2 yellow.'
43***43'<;c; No. 2- white. . 2Sc;- No. 8 "white
"6%<S'S^~c:.No. 2 rye. E2@54c; good /feeding bar
ley, 46c;, fair to choice malting, 48@56c; No. 1
flasseed. . $1 05; No.- 1. Northwestern, ' $1 56;
prime timothy seed, $4 10: mess ."pork."'- pier bbl,
$14 304T14 35: lard, per 100 lbs,:. $8 27'.^; • short
rits sides lloose), $S OJSS 23; dry sailed should-
CHICAGO. April 10.— Although the belief that
the Government report, , due after trading
hours, hail been discounted by recent heavy
bear selling, there waa a disposition to remain
neutral until its contents were made known.
May opened unchanged to' Uc lower at 70 to
69%c und^r heavy selling caused > by. rain in
the Southwest where it is most needed. This
pressure did not last long, and in its absence
the market began a gradual recovery, touching
7'j^c during . tee forenoon. Driblets of "long
stuff came out and the market reacted to 70c
where it again steadied, this time on reports
of a good export demand. Shorts bid the mar
ket up to W£. but an easier feeling followed,
as . only moderate cash sales • could be con
firmed. May declined to 70V»c . , and closed
steady. %fg»4c higher at 70Vi@70^c.
DRIED FRUITS.
Choice grades of evaporated .apples were in
moderate demand and steady,* with the rest
of the list about holding their own. i Prices
were without material change. State common,
3'??4c: prime, 4H(Ef4%c; choice. 5@5%c; fancy.
6@6*£c. California dried fruits continue . dull
and nominal. Prunes— 'mtgilc. Apricots — Royal,
7%@12c; Moorpark, 8;4@13c. Peaches— Peeled,
12!&20c; unpeeled, 5V4@lOc. - z .~''l*:
WHEAT— Receipts; 76,000 bushels; sales, 3,-
S71.0C0 bushels futures, 80,000 bushels spot; spot,
firm; No. 2 red, 78%c f. o. b. afloat; No. 2 red,
76°5sc elevator: No. 1 Northern Duluth, S5Hc f.
o. b. afloat; No. 1 hard Duluth, 88%c- f.- o. b.
afloat. Options opened steady and later showed
strength on small Northwest receipts, fears
that the Government report might nave been
over-discounted, strength in cash property and
lighter speculative offerings. A rumor that- big
traders here had bought up all the May wheat
also served to worry ' shorts in that option.
Prices finally yielded a little to realizing and
closed about steady at %@%c • net • advance.
May, 76@76 9-16c, closed at 76%c; July, 75%@
76 5-16c, closed at 76 1 /«c; September, 76 1 ,s@75%c,
closed at 75%c.
HOPS— Steady!
HIDES— Firm.
WOOLr-Qulet,
COFFEE— Spot- Rio, dull: No. 7 Invoice, 6%c;
mild, dull; Cordova, SU@12%c.
SUGAR— Raw, firm; fair refining, ; 3 17-3!c;
centrifugal. 96 test, 4 l-16c; molasses sugar,
3 5-16c: refined, steady. . . . ",
BU1"FER — Receipts. 4666 packages: very firm;
fresh creamery, 16@22c; factory, ¦llQ'M^c.
EGGS— Receipts, 18,917 packages; easier;
Western fresh, 1334c; do storage, 14c.
-.r — — — ; re
NEW YORK, April 10.— FLOUR— Receipts,
13.4C0 barrels; exports, 1400 ' barrels ; quiet, but
steady and unchanged. ;
•77
' New York Grain and Produce.
Cavarly Estate Company (corporation) to
John Stumpf, lot on E corner of Fifteenth
aienue and M street south, SB 73 by NK 100.
lot 8, block 289, South San Francisco Home
stead, and Railroad Association; $1500.
D. W. C. and Emellne D. Gaslctll to Oliv»
Verkouteren. lot on NE line of Seventeenth
atenue south. 73 N\V of P street. NW 50 hy
NE 1C0. lots 28 and 23, block 332, O'N. and H.
Tract; J1000.
Olive Verkouteren to Southern Pacific Com
pany, same; J1CC0.
Emma L. and A. P. Van Duzer to Dantel
Gallagher, lot on N line of Green street. 110
E of Gough. E 27:6 by N 137:6; $1300.
Clarence C. Emily W., Edmund C. and
Anna B. Burr. Mary N. and John W. Allyna
and Lucy B. Holman to Matthew I. Sullivan,
lot on N Una of Filbert street. 31:9 E of Stelner.
B 30, N 120, W 18:3. SW 122; $1300.
Elizabeth G. Baldwin to Mai M. Watson
(wife of Douglas S.). lot on N line of Vallejo
street, 132:6 W of Devisadero, W 5 by N 137:4;
$1000.
Douglas S. "Watson to Mat M. Watson, same;
gift.
Fannie Barr to Lottie B., Mary E. and Flor
ence B. Barr. lot on N Una of "Washington
street. 87:6 E of Baker, E 25 by N 102:8«i: gift.
Marcus G. and Annie Johnson to Elizabeth
Shea, lot on W line of Broderlck street. 112:8
S of Jefferson, S 25 by W 137:6; $10CO.
Joseph Friedlander and Carl D. and Libby
A. Salfield to Louis Lipman, lot on E line of
Stanyan street, iO N of Frederick, N 25 by
E 106:3; $2000.
Anglo-California Bank (Limited), Louis and
Rose Lipman and Carl D. and Libby A. SaJ
field to George II. Fuller, lot on E line of
Stanyan street, 75 N of Frederick, N 25 by BS
106:3; $2300.
John P. McGonlgle to John C. Flood, lot on
N line of Twenty-second street, 97:8 W of. Har
rison. W 23- by N 95; $1000. ¦ -~
T. S. and Emm F. Russell to Jacob "Wag
ner, lot on S line of Fourteenth street. 200 3
of Sanchez, E 23 by S 125; $1500.
John Stratman to J. L. Wilson, lot on B
line of Eureka street. 198:8 N of Eighteenth.
N 24:4 by E 125; $800.
J. L. and Lulu B. Wilson to John H. Krus*.
same; $1000.
. John and Josephine Rebstock to Georga TX
Graybill, lot on N l'ne of North Point, 1S3:4
W of Stockton. W 68:9 by N 137:S, subject to
lease, etc.: $6500.
Estate Louisa S. Devoe (by A. N. Drown
and George L. Underbill, executors) to Stefano
Arata. lot on E line of Powell street. 110 S of
Jackson. S 27:6 by B 60: $4600.
Carl D. Zelle (by M. F. Vandal!, commissioner)
to German Savings and Loan Society, lot on
N line of Lombard street, 137:6 E of Jones,
E 50 by N 137:6; $35C0.
Caroline E. G.- Jacques to Beatrice C. O.
Jacques, lot on E line of Jones street, 100 H
of Lombard. N25 by E 109: gift.
tame to Joseph O'Hare, lot on SB corner of
Lombard and Leavenworth streets. E 86:S. 3
100, E 23:4. S 37:6, W 110. N 137:6; also lot on 3
line of Lombard street. 165 W Jones. W E5 by
P 137:6; also lot on NE corner of Lombard and
Jones streets. E 27:6 by N 100; $1000.
. Joseph O'Hare to Mary J. and Tlllle A. Rog
ers, same (3 pieces), reserving life estate;' gift.
Estate of Frances L. Wilson, or Frances C.
Kaeding by F. P. Deerlng. executor, to May
t". Bankowski. wife of William, lot on E lint
of Leavenworth street.' 60 N Washington, N
43:6 -by E 137:6; $SOCO.
Charlotte V. Reynolds to David L. Raynolds.
undivided half Interest In lot on K line of HyUtt
btreet. 97:« S Geary. S 40 by E 63:6; gift.
Harvey H. and Llllle P." Dana to Douglas S.
Watson, lot on SW line of Main street. 137:S
NW Howard NW S1:S. SW 137:6, SE 15:10, SW
li7:C. SE 45:10. NE 275: $131. 5G0.
Douglas S. and Mai M. Watson to Samuel H.
Boardman, lot on NE line of Third street, 30
SE Minna. SE 2> by NE 77:S: $16.»fA
Marion B. Cumming to Jeanie. Daisy M. and
Blanche Cumming. commencing at the SW cor
ner of 100-vara lot 62 on N,llne of Folsom
Ftreet. E 50 by N SO (NW Folsom, 27 NE
Fourth. NE 19 by NW SO); gift..
Michael and Margaret O'Connell to Christian
Nielsen, lot on NE line of Kausrh street; 193:)
NW Folscm. NW 18:9 by NE 112; $2CCi).
John W. and Mary W. Robertson and Fred
erick E. and Carrie It. Wadsworth to Eojfar L.
Carley. lot on the W line of Mississippi «tr^>H.
lid S Eighteenth (Solano). S 23 by W 100; $1000.
Builders' Contracts.
Anna C. Huttmann (owner) with H. R.
Schmuckert (contractor .and architect)— All
work for a two-story frame buildintr (6 flat*)
on S Una of Eugenia street, 7»):S W of Cali
fornia avenue. XV 53 by 70: $4010.
A. V. Clark (owner) with O. E. r.ra<ly *
Son (contractors), architect Thomas .J. Welsh
—Brick, cement.- stone, terra cotta. cast and
wrought iron work and fire escapes for a four
story brick bunding with concrete basement
on S Hiw of M^Eslcn street. 1S«:1Q) W of New
Montgomery. S 80 by \? 23; $5."".-V.\
Same owner with \V. W,. Anderson (contrac
tor), architect same— Carpenter work, joinery,
hardware, glazing, ptanerinsr. tlnnincr and
galvanized iron work and metal *h«»athins and
iron lathing for same on tamo; $Jf94.
' Same owner with K._ K>atlusre (contractor),
architect same — Concret4 and cemrnt work. *>t
cer>t basement floor*, for same on snme: $15S8.
Charles* BUsa (owner) -with F. L. Hanaen
(contractor), architects Dunn & Schroepfer —
All work except plumblnar. painting, staff,
tiling, gas fixtures and ; nhadea for a three
story attic and ba«»m*nt frame buildinar H
flats) on S line of McAllister street ISO W of
StMner. W 25 by S I.t7:t»: J770O • "
Same owner with - Charl"-* McCarthy fcon
tractor), architects samc—rSe-werinsr. plumbing
and gas fitting fo»" same on same; $S°."». /
Same owner with Otto Schnltz (contractor),
architects name— Paintlnr. graining and tint
ing for same on same; $753.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Bid.Ask. I Bid. Ask.
4s, coupon 113HH4Vi4s coup (new)139 13934
4s registered..ll3 1 /4111 1 3s quar coup.lllU112U
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Bay C P C 5s.lO3^4 — Oceanic SS Ss.104 —
Cal-st Cab 53.116% — Om C R 6s 125«1 —
C C Water 5s.lO9«yfc — Pac G Imp 4s. — ' —
E L & P 63. .128V.1WA Pk & Cl R 6s.lO3 —
F & Cl Ry 6s.i;5 — Pk & O R 6s.H7 —
Geary-st R 5s. — — Powell-st RSs.120 —
Haw C 5>Ss...lO6«4 — S E G & R 5s. — 101
Haw C 5s 102 — S F & SJV 5s.ll8U —
X. A R R 5s..ll3Vi — S R of Cal 6s.U0 —
L A L Co 6s. — 102 S P R of A 6s
Do gntd 6s.. — 104 (1909) — 11314
Do gntd 5S..100 — Do (1910) .... — 114',i
L A P R R 53.102^ — SPCSs (1305,
Market-st C 6sl28^ — Series f ...106»4 —
Do 1st c 53.121V4 — Do(Series B)107Vi —
N C N G R 7s — 11314 Do (1906) ....110 —
N R of Cal 6s.ll3 — < Do (1912) — —
N R of Cal 5sll8Mi — S P C 1st g 5S.106H —
N P R R 6s..l01!4 — S P Br R 6S..131V4 — '
N P R R 5s.. — 108% S V "Water 63.113'^ —
NCR 6s 111U — I Do 43 103%104U
O G L & H 5sllO*i — I Do 3d vntg.. — 103%
Oak Tr Co 63.116 117 I Stkn G & E 6slOO —
Oak "W Co os.100% — J
"WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa.. 73*4 73&|Sprins Valley. — JO
Marin County. 53% — I
GAS AND ELECTRIC STOCKS.
Cent L & P... 3 — Pac Lt Co. 43 —
Equit Gas 3',4 3*4 Sac E G & R. — _
Mut Elec Lt... — m S F G & E...'. 43% 44
O G L & H... 5074 51H San Francisco. 4U 414
Pac Gas Imp.. — 40Vi Stktn G & E.. — 14
• INSURANCE STOCKS.
Firem's Fund.235 250 1
BANK STOCKS.
Anglo-Cal 73 73 Lon P & A....14S —
Bank of Cal... 410 — Mer Ex (llq).. 16
Cal Safe Dep..lC6 — S F National. .120 125
1st N of S F.. — 312^i
SAVINGS BANKS.
German ...... 1S30 1900 Sav & Loan... — _
Humboldt — — Security 275
Mutual 50 — . Union Trust...,
S F Sav U.....513 ' —
. STREET RAILROAD STOCKS.
California St.. . — 140 O S L. & H.... 40 —
Geary-st iT.i — Presidio —
Market-st .... 63% 70
POWDER STOCKS.
Giant Con Co.. — 'SI | Vlgorlt .:....• 2tt 314
r , SUGAR STOCKS.
Hana Plan \ 6 7 ! >4 Kilauea ... 2oVi
Haw Com....... .50 — Makawell 33?
Honokaa — 30 Onomea 27
Hutch S J 1 2O'/4 21 Paauhau 2SS! _
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
Alaska Pack!. — ' 121 Oceanic S S Co 45tl 4«
Cal Fruit Can. 53 100»i Pac A F A.. 2 _
Cal Wine Asn.100 — Pac C Bor Co.l5'U.153U
Mer Ex Assn. .105 — Par Paint Co.. i« _
Mornir-sr Session.
;.*-,.. Board—
25 Alaska Packers' Association.. i-n rn
SO Bank of California il* Yi
.25 Contra Costa Water ]'.'"" 72 =n
• 5 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 4^ tvn
250 Honoliaa , 22 m
170 Hutchinson. SP Co.". ?[^
CO Kilauea Sugar Plantation Co!! ->o CO
5 Oceanic SleamshlD Co.. . " ii« rX
2:0 Paauhau S P Co ' "" 'n Ha
75 Spring Valley Water '.'."'.'.'.'.'.'.'. SO W>
Afternoon Session.
Board— .
Z0 Alaska Packers' ; AssDciation i«i sa
$5000 Bay Counties Power Co 5s.? \m so
15 Hana Plantation Co.... * , 52
100 Hana Plantation Co "¦ i jj,
280 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar""" toon
10O Hutchinson S P Co... .7 £? ?2
30 Oakland Gas ;. """- I] *j{
10 Onomea Sugar Co...-.;.. " " Si xr
"7!"0 Onomea Sugar Co...... ,-..... -1 ,j
-.35 Paauhau S P Co ".'.'.'.'.'. S =X
2," Vaauhau S P Co...
it* &V ii^ t I^ ey Water - •"•»•• W 87*
25 Hutchinson S P Co...... 2j w
. .PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.'
.- " ' Session.
SCO Aetna ........"..-.. ,~
50U IJear Flag ...". xj
. 3 Hanford '. .'/. on jv!
6C0 Homestake ; "."".'.' "ago
1000 Independence '..'...."....'." 19
7CC0 independence, b 30 " in
ICO Junction '.. ;... ; T7
. 100 McKUtrick Consolidated ".'.'.'.'. 117
510 Monarch o* Arizona " .54
STO Monarch of Arizona........ ;."" &•
ino Occidental of West Virginia: ii
U0 Peerless, b 60.. '. ; s iq
WEDNESDAY. April 10—2 p. m.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
"There were no marked changes on the morn
ing session of the Bond Exchange. Contra
Costa "Water was weaker at $73 59, Paauhau
at $30 and Kilauea at $30. Hawaiian gold at
$53- and Oceanic at $48.
In the afternoon Hawaiian sold down to $50
and Onomea to $27. There were sales of Hana
at $7 50@7.
There was nothing new In the oil stocks.
The Market Street Railroad dividend of 60c
was payable yesterday. . The Commercial Pub
lishing Company is paying one at the rate of
2 per cent for the quarter with an extra of
1 per cent. . ' .
. Four Oil will pay a dividend of lc on the
15th.
Dividends are announced as follows: Bank
of California, a quarterly of $t or $S0,000, on
the 15th; Pacific Surety, a quarterly at the
rate of 6 per cent per annum, payable now
Oakland Gas, 25c, on the 15th: Kilauea Sugar
25c. on the 15th: Pacific Telephone, 40c. on the
15th; Sunset Telephone. 25c. on the 15th: Oak
land, San LcanUro and Haywards Railroad
20c. on the 15th; Presidio Railroad. 10c, on the
13th; Hutchinson Sugar, 20c. on the 20th.
The Utah Mining Company is assessed 5c.
Coinage of the Mints.
TV coinage of the United States Mints for
the current fiscal year to date is as follows:
rouble eagles J38.360.560 00
Katies J4.745.270 0O
Half-eagles 11.628,035 00
Quarter-eagles \ 100.S20 00
Standard dollars 17,252,750 00
Half-dollars 3,976,375 00
Quarter-dollars 3.035,353 50
Dimes 2.265.S35 00
Five cents 1,073,450 00
Cents 438,950 00
Speculation in Wall Street.
The New Tork circular of Henry Clews eays.
vnfl^r date of April 0:
"Wall Etreet has never before witnessed such
a clashing of impetuous realizing and whole
sale buying as has swayed the crowds of specu
lators during the past week. In spite of the
immense soles some of the largest advances
rwilized on any day in the boom took effect
upon Wednesday. Stories of -new amalgama
tions, neutralized the effects of the large liqui
dations and IJelaware and Hudson advanced
12 points and Chicago. Burlington and Quincy
w-ored a rise of 15 mints within twenty-four
hour?, while Rock Islnnd rose 12 points. Some
fif the realizing was done in the way of part
ing with other stocks to buy those thus advanc
ing.
"The market is drifting Into a stage of con
fusion that has injured many a boom in by
coni» days. Operators are apt to lose their
head* la the sanguine excitement of their oper
ations. There is no possibility of keeping- track
i.f tho rapid changes in the distribution of
rtocks. and when men lose their knowledge of
the forces on the field they lose their confl
<lrnoe;. confusion sets in; then the situation
riiwns into ne rvousnoss : mistakes in tactics
are made, and the confusion may precipitate
heavy forced liquidation when* It is kittle ex
jxx'teVl. We are verging on a position which is
associated with a nigh degree of risk: and
ihrouphout the week there has been evidence
that operators who have made large profits
«re adopting means to secure themselves
.-¦gainst a scramble to sell."
Prunes and Apricots in New York.
Mail advices from New York say: "Spot
s-locks of all sizes of prunes excepting 70-SOs
and SO-Ws are very light and although some
new Roods are coming to hand the sizes most
wanted by the trade- are very hard to get.
Xfarly ail the prominent commission-houses
were alisoiuteiy without S0-60s yesterday and
i-tcx-kF of 40-iiOs and oO-70s are believed to be
little larger. What few 50-60* there are around
pro hel<l at 5" 8 ©6o. This is equal to or better
than the equivalent of association prices on
this size. Goods to arrive, however, are avail
nlile at about less, and spine Ousiness is
doing on that basis. The larger jobbers all
have supplies en route from the coast sufficient,
it is believed, to last tliem several weeks, at
least. Then, according to Indications, the
traile v.ill likely be forced to buy association
BQ-Ata or switch off to other sizes. The 6pot
market on 40-iiOs Is firmer, sales in a Jobbing
way being made at 7V«c in 25-lb boxes.
"'Evaporated apples are firmer and more ac
tive.. Sales of several cars of strictly prime
<iry goods were reported yesterday at 4%c, and
some holders late in the day asked up to 5c.
lU;>ort3 from the coast that the frost -has
¦lamngrd apricot proepicts caused considerable
interest in the trade, and there were rumors
that a speculative buying movement was In
r.TogTrss on the spot. This could not be con
firinPd, however, and little credence was placed
in the report."
Weather Report.
f 120th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO, April 10. 5 p. m.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date as compared with those of same date last
poascn, and rainfall in last 24 hours:
San Francisco data— Maximum temperature,
62; minimum. 46; mean. 54.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
There ha» been but little change In pressure
during the past 24 hours west of the jtocky
Mountains. An area of high pressure overlies
th«» entire western portion of the country.
The temcerature has risen about 10 degrees
srer Nevada- In the northern portion of the
Sacramento Valley temperatures exceeding SO
decrees are reported.
No rain has fallen during the past 24 hours
in California. Conditions are favorable for fog
along the coart.
Forecast made at San Francisco for 30 hours
ending midnight April 11. 1901:
Northern California — Fair Thursday, con
tinued warm in the Interior; fresh northerly
winds; brisk westerly -winds on the coast, with
fn S .
Southern California — Fair Thursday, con
tinued warm weather; light variable winds.
Nevada— Fair Thursday. . continued warm
wither: fresh north wind.
rtah— Clcudy Thursday, warmer; light north
er! j- winds.
Arizora — Cloudy, unsettled weather Thurs
day, with light enow in extreme northern por
tion. .
Kan Francisco and vicinity— Fair Thursday;
<:*-±h westerly winds with fog In the morning
i'-ml «.t nijht.
ALEXANDER G. McADIE.
Forecast Official.
pricej. The appearance of new lenders In the
money market, including some of the specu
lators Interested In the rise, has served to
again defer the exhaustion at money resources,
but the rate for call loans ran up above Mon
day's high level to 7 per cent to-day under the
requirement of the active speculation and of
some large financial operations, Including the
payment of another flO.000,000 Installment on
subscriptions to the Union Pacific collateral
bond Issue. The slightly firmer tone of sterling
exchange this morning indicated that any re
laxation in the rate would lift sterling back to
"ecld export point. Money was no higher In
London to-day, but payment must be made to
morrow there of an $18,000,000 installment on
the exchequer bond issue, and Friday is. the
l>ayday for the stock exchange settlement.
Some renewed pressure for gold on New York
is therefore to be expected. Meantime the sub
treasury continues to absorb cash, and New
York exchange at Chicago to-day fell to 50
cents discount, marking the continued demand
from the interior on New York for money.
The advance in the call loan rate helped to
precipitate a lively realizing movement during
the last hour, which cut into prices all around
and made the closing easy. The Burlington
deal . and. talk of a combination of interests
with the smelting interests looking to control
of the gold, silver and copper product was the
leading influences in the day's speculation so
far as it was due to any specific influence at
all. Burlington rose an extreme 6>4 to a new
record price at 192 and Northern Pacific came
within a small fraction of par. The whole
granger group was affected by sympathy, and
Northwest preferred made a notable advance
of 15 points, while St. Paul and Omaha rose 8
points. Amalgamated Copper gained 5% on
very large dealings and Anaconda 4V». Texas
fend Pacific was largely bought at an advance
of 214 on talk of an exchange of two shares of
the stock for one of Missouri Pacific. As an
outgrowth of these movements the' grangers
and Eries were all strong and active. Special
features of strength were Consolidated Gas,
which rose 7%; Brooklyn Union Gas, 4; Gen
eral Electric, 6, with a reaction of 5; Tobacco,
3%: ex-dividend Pullman,' 3*i. and Chicago
Terminal Transfer preferred, 6%. Evansville
and Terre Haute Jumped 5 points, allowing for
al'/j per cent dividend.
The bond market was moderately active and
higher. .Total sales, par value, $3,755,000.
U. S. refundin? -s advanced V» and the old 4s
registered and the new 4s, % per cent on the
last call.
Shares Closing
Bold. Stock- Bid.
77,100 Atchison : .'.. 64^
46,200 Atchison prefd 95%
6,100 Baltimore & Ohio 92\i
1.200 Canadian Pacific 94%
1,200 Canada Southern 63H
2,300 Chesapeake & Ohio 46%
4.600 Chicago Great Western 23%
11M.700 Chicago Burlington & Quincy 191VJ
2.100 Chicago Ind & Louis 31%
800 Chicago Ind & Louis prefd 74',i
700 Chicago & East Illinois .»..;. 11714
, 13.100 Chicago & Northwestern 199*6
71,100 Chicago Rock Island & Pacific 147^
1,200 C C C & St Louis 8H4
23,400 Colorado Southern . J2
600 Colorado Southern 1st prefd 47
3,400 Colorado Southern 2d prefd 21
2,100. Delaware & Hudson 177%
2,200 Delaware Lackawana & Western.. 217V4
3,100 Denver & R G 46*i
3.100 Denver & R G prefd P5%
113,800 Krie 3SH
17,600 Erie 1st prefd 70»i
800 Great Northern prefd ; 202^
1,200 Hocking Coal 20
600 Hocking Valley 53"i
3,100 Illinois Central 142V*
1,700 Iowa Central ../ 34',i
1,600 Iowa Central prefd.. ....'63Vs
. 100 Lake Erie & Western 62
Lake Krie & Western prefd 124 •
Lake Shore 210U
16.800 Louisville & Nashville 104%
10,100 Manhattan L 128
13,300 Metropolitan St Ry...... 167
2,100 Mexican Central 22
700 Minn & St Louis 86Vi
100 Minn & St Louis prefd 112
22,500 Missouri Pacific 103%
200 Mobile & Ohio 81
14,200 Missouri Kan & Texas 2S'.i
S7.400 Missouri Kan & Texas prefd.... 60%
New Jersey Central 136
16,100 New York Central 151%
3,300 Norfolk & Western 50U
500 Norfolk & Western prefd : 86
93,400 Northern Pacific v... 98%
25,500 Northern Pacific prefd 66'b
11,700 Ontario & Western 34%
Oregon Ry & Nav.....: '. 47
Oregon Ry & Nav prefd '. 76
ls'.SOO Pennsylvania ..*... Kb%
13.400 Reading 35»i
11.600 Reading 1st prefd 75%
S.SOO Reading 2d Tprefd 51%
Rio Grande .Western 79
Rio Grande Western prefd lOO 1^
3,100 St Louis & San Fran 41U
300 St Louis & San Fran 1st prefd S2^
2,600 Pt Louis & San'Fran 2d prefd 64<i
6,300 St Louis Southwestern 37Vi
5,600 St I/outs Southwestern prefd 66
107.800 St Paul .- 155%
1,000 St Paul prefd .: lS9Vi
700 St Paul & Omaha 140
l<>,300 Southern Pacific 45%
2t>.6OQ Southern Railway 2SVa
17.900 Southern Railway prefd ..73%
•93.300 Texas & Pacific 42%
3S.5O0 Unlott- Pacific 92^,
C100 Union Pacific prefd ; 84%
£00 Wabash 19!i
11.600 Wabash prefd 33%
1,900 "Wheeling & L E 19!i
oOO Wheeling & L E prefd 36>,i
300 Wisconsin Central 19H
200 Third Avenuo .' 123
1,700 Baltimore & Ohio prefd 90»J
1,200 National Tube 68
National Tube prefd 118V4
Express Companies—
Adams .' 165
100 American- .' 197&
1,600 United States /. 89
Wells Fargo 140
Miscellaneous — - ". .<....-"
EOO American Cotton Oil 26V4
100 American Cotton Oil prefd 8a
American Malting 5
....... American Malting prefd 26
17,600 American Smelting & Refining 61%
4,100 American Smelting & Refining pfd. 96%
American Spirits : 2'^
American Spirits prefd ..17
600 American Steel Hoop 47%
200 -American Steel Hoop prefd 96 :
700 American Steel & Wire.. 49V4
American Steel & Wire prefd lll>i
300 American Tin Plate 79
400 American Tin Plate prefd .119%
108.500 American Tobacco ". ..:128%
American Tobacco prefd .....144
33.300 Anaconda Mining Co 50%
27.100 Brooklyn Rapid Transit .82%
30.100 Colorado Fuel & Iron 71
74.900 Continental* Tobacco 46%
2.000 . Continental Tobacco Tjrefd ins'i
8,400 Federal Steel .- 55'i
SO-1 Federal Steel prefd .104%
14,400 General Electric .; 229
103 Glucose Sugar.:..: 49
Glucose Sugar, prefd 96
n.lOil International Paper 27%
- 3,600 International.Faper prefd ..:....... 79%
300 Laclede Gas S3VJ
101 National Biscuit ....:... S9Vs
National Biscuit prefd ............. 96
National Lead :'. 1SU
National Lcad'prefd '. 83 .
500 National Steel .. 59%'
200 National Steel pr*fd ...11S%
2.100 New York Air Brake ..151
North American ..." RS •
Pacific Coast ... :.... !>1
... Pacific Coast 1st prefd 9.t
Pacific Coast Id prefd 63 •
LOT) Pacific Mail SGli
15900 People Gas 11U4
5.SU) PrcssM Steel Car .: 41%
1.7W " Pressed Steel Car prefd S2^
200 Pullman Palace Car ........;v. ;.213
standard Rope & Twine i\:
12,000 Sugar ............ 14*V*
3W Sugar prefd .'..121 '
2.301) Tennessee Coal & Iron C4
5.700 TTnlted States Leather ]3».i
5,200 TTnited States Leather prefd 7l>>4
2,100 United States Rubber" '. 2V/~
1.2ft0 United States Rubber prefd «l "
7.900 Western Union S2V<
16.1.410 Amalcamated Copr*r ........;.. 113%
3.9f>0 Republic Iron "ft Steel ' Co..";...'.... 20
1.200 ' Republic Iron & Steel Co prefd... 7G
ins.200 II S Steel AS
50.100 II S Steel ¦ T>refd ¦ ...........".... 94%"
...„. p c c.& st l :-.:-. ..«3
1,903,500 Shares sold.
WHEAT— Spot.' quiet; No. 2 red Western
winter, 5s ll%d'; No. 1 Nortnern spring, 6s Id;
No. 1 California, 6s 2'AU. ¦¦¦¦,¦
CORN— Spot American mixed, new, quiet at
Ss ll^d; do, old, steady, 4s Id. Futures, steady;
June, 3s HUd; July, 3s 10%d; September, 3s lid.
COTTON— Uplands, 4%d.
; . •:¦* CLOSING,
LIVERPOOL. April 30.— Wheat, quiet; No. 1
Standard California, 6s 2>^d@6s 3d; wheat in
Paris, dull; flour in Paris, dull; French country
markets, quiet; weather in England, unsettled.
LONDON, April 10.— Consols, 95%; silver,
27 3-16d; French rentes, lOlf 35c. Wheat cargoes
on passage, quieter, hardly any demand; Eng
lish country markets, quiet.
Foreign Markets.
TACOMA. April 10.— No change in wheat;
Club, 66%c: Bluestem. 59c. Steamer Teenkai
with 149,830 bushels of wheat cleared to-day for
.Suez for orders.
WASHINGTON,
PORTLAND, April 10.— Wheat— Walla Walla,
B7c; Bluestem, 59c. Cleared— Bark Ruthwell,
for , Queenstown, with 74424 bushels of. wheat.
OREGON.
Northern Wheat Market:
PORTLAND, Or., April 9.— Clearings, $353.
555; balances, $51,208.
Portland's Business.
NEW YORK. AprillO.-On the callthe feel
ing was steady with ' prices unchanged to 4
points higher. I The i general tone was bearish.
The close was quiet and down from the top
vnder realizing, with prices net 3 to 12 points
higher.
New York Cotton Market.
NEW YORK, April 10.— It was another day
of small things In the local metal market:
Speculative dealings were conspicuous by their
absence and trading was confined to meeting
immediate requirements. In tin holders re
duced the price 20 points, but even this con
cession could not bring about business, as buy
ers considered rates .still too high in view of
the bearish statistical r-osition. The close here
was dull, however, with prices more or less
nominal on the basis of $26@26 30. In London
quotations were marked up 6s -to £115 12s 6d
for spot and £113 2s 6d lor future, but this fac
tor was thoroughly discounted. Copper ruled
Inactive and unchanged at $17 for lake and
$16 62!i for casting. • The Lorfdon market was
also unchanged at £BS 12s 6d and £69 3s 9d
for spot and futures respectively. Lead re
mained'Unchanged at $4 37%. Spelter was quiet,
but about steady at old prices, closing at
$3 92^@3 97^2- Pig lrou warrants, $9 50@10 50;
Northern, $15 25. '
New York Metal Market.
SHEEP— Re'ceipts, 16,000; sheep, steady;
lambs, steady to slow. Good to choice weth
ers." export eales up to $5 25, $4 85@5; fair "to
choice mixed. $4 60(JM 90; Western sheep, ex
port sales up to $5 25, $4 85@5; yearlings, $4 90
<S5 10; native lambs, clipped, up to $5 25. $5 40;
Western lambs, clipped, up to $5 25, $5 40. •
CHICAGO, April 10.— CATTLE— Receipts.
21,000, including 2100 Texans. Good to choice
steady, others weak; butchers' stock steed} ;
Texans selling up to J 5 20. Good to prime
steers, $5@6; poor to medium, $3 90@4 90; stock
ers' and feeders',, choice steady, others weak,
?2 75@l 85; cows, $2 80@4 50; heifers, $2 S0(@4 30;
canners". $2<S2 75; bulls, steady, ' 52 7O@4 50;
calves ¦ ii 25@5 75; Texas fed steers, $4 25@5 25;
Texas grass steers, ?3 50@4 50; Texas bulls,
J2 75@3 90. . " ¦ ¦
HOGS — Receipts to-day, 25,000; to-morrow,
22,000: estimated left over, 3000. Opened weak,
closed steadier. Top, $6 10; mixed' and butch
ers', $5 75ffl6 05; good to choice heavy, $5 85®
6 10; rough heavy, $5 70@3 SO; light, $5 65@5 97'^;
bulk of sales, $5 S5@6.
Chicago Livestock .Myrkei.
The wool market Is decidedly quiet and a
very marked falling off in the volume of busi
ness Is noticeable. The large consumers have
apparently supplied their needs for - the time
being, and although quite a number of the
smaller mills have been in, they have taken
on only small lines, the aggregate of which
is figured at 3,608,000 pounds. This quieter
condition of affairs was not unexpected and is
not unnatural, after the enormous business
previously transacted. It would have been
strange- indeed if such a pronounced activity
had been longer maintained in view of the
fact that the great bulk of the purchasing
was ; for consumption. Probably not a pound
of the large total given last week was bought
for speculation. - .
Although there has been such a marked
falling off in the volume. of trade there is no
weakening whatever in prices.
The sales for the week in Boston amounted
to 3,393,000 pounds domestic and 215,000 pounds
foreign, making a total of 3.608,000 against a
total of 11.485,000 for the previous week and a
total of 3,692,900 for the corresponding week
last year.
The sales since January 1. amount to 68,
734,900 pounds, against 47,421.900 pounds for
the corresponding time last year.
BOSTON," April 10.— Tha- American Wool
and Cotton Reporter to-morrow will say:
Boston Wool Market.
WASHINGTON, April 10.— The April report
of the statistician of *tue Department of Agri
culture will show the average condition of win
ter wheat on April 1 to have been 91.7 per
cent, against $2.1 on April 1. 1900, 77.9 at the
corresponding date In 1S99 and 82.9 the mean
of the April averages' of the last • ten years.
The averages in the .principal States are as
follows: Pennsylvania, S3; Ohio, 83; -Michigan;
72; Indiana, 89; Illinois, 82; Texas,' 63; Ten
nessee, 81; Missouri, 38; Kansas. 105; Nebraska,
100; California, 100. and Oklahoma, 97. . While
the general average of condition, 91.7, Is the
highest since 1891, the presence of the-Hesslan
fly. Is reported from an almost unprecedentedly
large number of States and serious misgivings
prevail, even In Statea reporting a ¦ fairly high
condition on April 1, as to the possible de
velopments of the next thirty days. The aver
age yield of winter rye on April 1 was 93.1,
against 84.8 on April t, 1900, 84.9 at the corre
sponding date In 1899 and 8S.3 the mean of the
April averages of the last ten years. In New
York and Pennsylvania it was 92; In Illinois
and Kansas, "100; In Indiana, 93, and in Mich
igan and . Ohio, 80. ; .
LIVERPOOL.
' Wheat— May. July.
Opening ..".... .'5 9»/i . 5 BH
Closing .: 5 9*a . 5 9%
Wheat— . * ' • • Marcn> May-Aug.
Opening 18 70 . 19 40"
Closing :...; .;...18 75 . 19.40
Flour — '
Opening .23 60' 24 50
Closing 23 60 24 55 ¦
Condition of Winter Wheat.
Silver a fraction firmer. Exchange unchanged.
IV heat futures easier. Barley dull.
Oats, Corn and Rye as previously quoted.
No effect produced on Hey by the weather thus- far.
Bran and other Feedstuff s rule firm.
Beans and Seeds quiet and uncliangcd.
Oregon Potatoes advanced. Free receipts of foreign Onions.
Buitcr, Cheese and Eggs unchanged.
Poultry market well supplied with Hens and young fowl:
Ten cars of Oranges sold at auction.
Seeded Raisins cut by the Association.
Prunes cut here and firm in New York.
Nothing new in Provisions.
Meat market as previously quoted.
New price list for C-- '¦<?
Fair trading on the local stock exchanges. „ .
Eureka Con 06 — ; Standard 4 15 4 30
Exchequer — 0t|Syndicate 05 —
Gould & Curry 23 22|UnIon Con 14 13
Hale & Norc... 2S 27itJtah 03 01
Julia 02 OS^Yellow Jacket.. 17 13
Bid.Aslc. I Bid. Ask.
Alpha 05 C6 Justice 03 03
Alta 05 CSJKentuck 01 02
Andes 05 07iLady Wash -.. 01 vi
Belcher 21 23lMexican 33 33
Best & Belcher 19 20 ! Occidental 02 PS
Bullion — OljOphir 70 72
Caledonfa 75 73 Overman 24 25
Challenge Con.. 14 16 Potosi 09 11
Chollar 11 13JSavage 10 II
Confidence 70 75iScorpion — 04
Con Cal & Va..2 10 Z 15'Pegr Belcher 04 (>«
Con Imperial... — 01 ! Sierra Nevada. 32 23
Con New York. — 01 'Silver Hill 33 40
Crown Point... 13 14 St Louis 06 —
WEDNESDAY. April 10—4 p. m.
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
500 Best & Belcher 13 300 Ophir 71
50 Caledonia 75 200 Ophir 70
70O Chollar. 12 200 Overman ....... 23
1250 Con Cal & Va..2 15 ICO- Overman Xl>
50 Con Cal & V.2 17'/i 500 Potosl M
100 Con Cal & Va..2 10 BOO Seg Belcher.... 05
200 Hale & Norc... 26 100 Utah 04
200 Mexican 32 100 Yellow Jacket. »
2C0 Ophir 72 ;. -
Afternoon Session,
EOO Belcher 23 500 Mexican ........ a
40O Best & Belcher 20 200 Ophir 70
150 Con Cal & Va..3 15 600 Ophir 71
450 Con Cal & V.2 l"',i 1200 Overman 2S
600 Con Cal & Va..2 20 200 Sierra Nevada. 31
800 Crown Point... 14 BOO Union Con 15
10O Crown Point... 15 30O Yellow Jacket.. IT
100 Gould & Curry 21 200 Tellow Jacket.. II
2300 Gould & Curry 22 600 Yellow Jacket.. If
?00 Gould & Curry 23
Mornlnc Session,
The following were the sales In the Paciflo
Stock Exchange yesterday:
200 Andes 07 1 900 Occidental ..... 03
700 Belcher 23 100 Occidental 03
550 Chollar 12 100 Ophir 71
300 Con Cal & Va..* 15 1200 Potost 10
100 Crown 13 300 Savage 10
2000 Gould & Curry 23 400 Sierra Nevada. 33
300 Hale & Norc... 26 100 Sierra Nevada. 33
500 Mexican SI 500 Union Coti 13
A-fternoon Session.
MomtnsT Session.
200 Con CaJ & Va..2 201 400 Ophir 71
100 Crown Point ... 15 100 Silver Hill 33
100 Gould & Curry 23[ 100 Yellow Jacket.. IS
The following- were the sales in th» San
Francisco Stock and Exchanja Board yeeter
day:
MINING STOCKS.
, 130 Monarch of Arizona S3
500 Monarch of Arizona 52
1000 Petroleum Center, ¦ 30 IS
1500 Petroleum Center 13
Afternoon Session.
Board —
150 Caribou TO
1 3000 Independence, b 30 20
1500 Junction .«
250 Lion 11
250 Lion 20
600 Monarch of Arizona. - M S3
500 Monarch of Arizona, b 60............. 53
Mornln; Session.
Board —
SAN FRANCISCO OIL EXCHANGE,
100 Peerless 8 2.",
100 Sterling 2 05
Afternoon Session.
600 Caribou 70
2 Hanford 90 (10
200 Home 3 SO
SCO Independence, b 60 sit
200 Junction 5.~>
100 Kern River U ?r.
2C0 McKittrick Consolidated IT,
100 Monarch of Arizona, s 90 40 '
ICO Monarch of Arizona s;
100O Monarch of Arizona.'...' •;:?
200 Oil City Petroleum r 27
100 Petroleum Center, a 90 |3
100 Sterling 2 IW
140 Twenty-eight 1 2.".
100 Twenty-eight I ZIV*
WASHINGTON, April 10.— To-day's state
ment of the Treasury balances In the general
fund, exclusive of the $150,000,000 gold reserve
In the dlvision'of redemption, shows: Avail
able cash balance, $159,827,390; sold, $100,137,834.
41 ! : — a.
NEW YORK. April 10.— Money on call, firm
at 4!4@7 per cent; last loan, 6 per cent. Prime
mercantile paper, 3U@4% per cent. • Sterling
exchange, steadier, with actual business in.
bankers' bills at $4 87% for demand and at
$1 84% for sixty days. Posted rates, $4 S5>£
and 54 S3. Commercial bills, $4 S3%«?4 84^. Sil
ver certificates. 68@59c. Bar silver. 59V4c.-Mexi
can dollars, 4Sc. Government bonds, strong;
State bonds, -weak; railroad bonds, strong.
Condition of the Treasury.
Ntjj York Money Market.
¦The stock market here generally was irregular.
Interest centered in the American shares, which
were active and buoyant from start to finish.
The local impulse to ouy was encouraged when
New York responded U the highest level of
prices we had set before the opening in Wall
street. The favorite American -stocks were
Atchison, Missouri Pacific, Kansas and Louis-'
ville, in which the contango rates at the set
tlement of to-day were 6@5H- The rate for
Chicago. Milwaukee and St. Paul, Denver and
Rio Grande, New York Central, Illinois Cen
tral and for Northern Pacific was 3»£ per cent.
Northern Pacific is scarce on account of the
deposit of stock to be exchanged for certificates.
Anacondas were 10V 2 on Boston -advices. Money
was steady.
CLOSING.
Atchison, 65t£: Canadian Pacific, 9S%: Union
Pacific preferred, 87^4; Northern Pacific pre
ferred, 97V£; Grand Trunk,'- 814: Anaconda, 10V4.
Bar silver, steady, 27 3-16d. Money, 3@3V& per
cent.
NEW YORK, April 10.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says:
London Market.
U S - 2s refunding. . N, T Cent lsts 107V5
i reg : 106% n J Cent gen 5s. ..133
I do. coup ...:....:.l')Shi No Pac 3s ......... 72%
do 3s reg 110% do 4s 105
do coup '....111',.. N Y. C & fit L 4s..lO6 1 7 4
do new 4s reg.. .139 [ Norf & W con 4S.10U2
•do coup 139 Or Nav lsts :..1O9
do old 4s reg 113V-- do 4s .104
do coup ...Uo'Vi Or S Line 6s.. 12«14
do Es reg v ..lll'a do con 5s .:;.;... 117
' do coup 111'^ Reading gen 4s ... ioM
Dist of Col. 3.63s... 124 R G. W lsts 101%
Atchison gen 4s...lO2y. St L & I M con .'s.llU 1 ,;
io adj 4s ./ ...96 St L & S F gen 6s.l31Ms
Can South 2ds 10S'4 St Paul cons 1SS
Ches & Ohio i^s.A06l H St P C & Pac lsts.HSVi
do 5s 121*4 do 5s 1^0^
C & N W con 7s. ..142 South Pac 4s ii
do S F deb 5s. .1.121 South Railway 5s. 117
I Chi Term 4b ,iG . : S Rope & T 6s: C9%
Colo South is / 87<i Tex & Pac lsts...H9'.-4
D & R.G 4s 101J4 do 2ds ...100 ,
Erie gen 4s :. 89>i Tlnlon Pac 4s .....106
Ft W & D C lsts.W Wabash lsts ......120
Gen Elec.os lS5>i do 2ds ....liO^i
Iowa Central lsts. 117 West Shore 4s 115
L & Nash unl 4s..lO2',4 W^Is Cent lsts S9U
M K & T 2ds .... SIVi Va Centuries 95^
do 4s 99
MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con 22 Little Chief 14
Alice 34 Ontario 9 00
Breece 1 30 Ophir ¦ .' 60
Brunswick Con...'. SOjPhoenix CS
Comstock Tunnel.. u6[Potosl 07
ConCal&Va 2 CWT Savage 07
Deadwood Terra .. &0 Sierra Nevada 28
Horn Silver 1 10 Small Hopes 60
Iron Silver 39 Standard 4 10
Leadvilie Con 05
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— ¦ Union Pac 92^
Call loans 3@4 Union Land 2%
Time loans 3V=<S-1 West End 9'M
Stocks — Westingh Eleo ... t>5
Atchison 6 i1 ,4 Bonds
do prefd % N E Gas & Coke Es 37
Am Sugar ..143% Mining 6hares—
Am Telephone ....170 l /2 Adventure 15 J 4
Boston & Albany.261 BIngham Mln Co.. 24%
Boston Elevated ..17-t Amalg Copper U3->4
Boston & Maine... 1D3 Atlantic 31%
C B & Q 191 Boston & Mont... .337
Dom Coal 38 Butte & Boston... 107V5
do prefd '.111*4 Calumet & Hecla..83b
Fed Steel boyi Centennial 26^
do prefd ldV: Franklin U&
Fitchburg prefd ..144i,i Humboldt 23 ,
Gen Electric ......230 Osceola 86
do prefd 220 Parrot 56H
Ed Elec 111 .*. 240 Qulncy 178
Mexican Cent 21 Santa Fe. Copper.. 9%
N E G & Coke TlVa Tamarack 33714
Old Colony 208 Utah Mining 35
Old Dominion 34 Winona 4Vi |
Rubber 22 Wolverines 51&
CLOSING-BONDS.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.'
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
FOR WEDNESDAY, APRIL 10.
Flour, qr sks 25.130 Hay. tons 323
¦Wheat, ctls 7,460 Pelts. Mis 30
Barley, ctls 2,780 Hides. No 510
Oats, ctls ........ 6S0! Tallow, ctls .... 3J
Potatoes, ska ... 3,440 Wine, gals S0.95O
Bran, sks 870 Sugar, ctls 2.923
Middlings, sks .. £WS Lime, bbla 2JS
Shorts, sks 13 Quicksilver, flsks 145
Wool, bales .... 460 ! Leather, rolls ... £0
OREGON.
Flour, qr sks 41,263 Onions, sks 821
Potatoes, sks .... 4.6S3
: EASTERN.
Oats, ctls 1,500) "
Receipts of Produce.
8%c. Granite Mining Candles— «a. lS-ounca. lie:
li:-ounce. 10%c: 14-ounce. 10c; 14-ounce, 9?lc; 12
ounce. 8%c; 10-ounce, 8c; 12s, 12-ounce, 9c
per lb.
BAGS— San Quentin Bags, $3 65; Calcutta.
Grain Baes, June and July, 7c: spot, ST»@7c:
local make. He less than Calcutta*; Wool
Bags, 30@34c: Fleece Twine, V/iiQSc.
COAL — Welllngtcn. $9 per ton: Southfield
Wellington. $9; Seattle, J7; Bryant, »8 60: Coos
Bay, $5 50; Wallsend, $9; Co-operative Walls
end. $9; Cumberland, $12 In bulk and $13 25 In
sacks: Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $14: Can
nel. $10 per ton: Coke, $15 per ton In bulk anj
$17 In sacks: Rocky Mountain descriptions.
$S 45 per 2000 pounds and $S 50 per ton, accord
ing to brand.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, per lb. in 100-lb bags:
Crushed, 6.05c: Powdered. 5.65c; Candy Gran
ulated. 5.65c: Dry Granulated, 5.55c; Confec
tioners* A. 5.55c; Magnolia A, 5.15c; Extra C.
5.05c; Golden C, 4.95c; barrels, 10c more; half
barrels, 23c more; boxes. 00c more; 50-lb bags.
10c more. No orders taken for less than 73
barrels or its equivalent. Dominos, half-bar
rels, 6.3Cc; boxes, 6.55c per lb.
CANDLES — Following are new quotations:
Electric lights— 6b, 16-ounce, Vt\ic; 14-ounce.
9Kc; 12-ounce, 8^c; 10-ounce, 7c; 12s, 12-ounce,
General Merchandise.
description.
BEEF— 7@Sc for Steers and 6®7c per lb for
cows.
VKAL— Large. 7@8c; small, 9c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers, 8§9c; Ewes, "UfcSc per
pound. ¦ y
LAMB— Spring. 9;?10c per pound.
PORK— Live Hogs. ISO lbs and under. «Hc:
ISO to 225 lbs, 6%@6«c; 223 and over <96&c;
feeders, ; dressed Hogs, 8y.@9'/sc
There is no further change to report In any
San Francisco Meat Market.
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about l',4c under quotations. Heavy Salted
Steers, 9^c; medium, , S^c; light, 8a Cow
Hides. SUc for heavy and Sc for light; Stags,
6c; Salted Kip, 9c: Salted Veal, 9c; Salted
Calf. 10c; Dry Hides, 15%c; Culls. .13c; I>ry
Kip, 15c; Dry Calf, 16c: Culls and Brands. 12(3
13c; Sheepskins, shearlings, 13®25c each; short
Wool. 30<g40c each; medium. DC@63c; long "Wool.
7cc@M each; Horse Hides, salt. $2 50 for large
and $2<g2 25 for medium. $1JM 23 for small and
50c for Colts; Horse Hides, dry. $1 75 for large.
$1 25 for medium, Jl for small and 50c for Colts.
Deerskins— Summer or red ekins, 35c; fall or
medium skins, 30c; winter or thin skins, 20c.
Goatskins— Prime Angoras, 75c: large and
smooth. -50c; medium. 33c.
T.VLLOW-No. 1 rendered, 4&c per lb; No. 5.
ZKGAc; grease, 2@2>*c. . ¦
-WOOL— Spring. 1900 or 1901— Humboldt and
Mendocino, 13@16c per lb: Northern, free, 12®
13c: defective. 9@llf : Middle County, free. 10@
lie; do. defective, ri® 10c: Southern. 12 months,
S^9c; Southern, free. 7 months, 7@10c: do. de
fective. 7 months, 7@Sc; Oregon Valley, fine,
15@16c; do, medium and coarse, 14@15c: Oregon.
Eastern, choice, 12S14c; do fair to good, S@llc;
Nevada. 10® Vic.
HOPS— 15<g20c per lh.
Hides, Tallozv, Wool and Hops.
pure, 10%c: 10-lb tins, HUc: 5-Ib tins. U9iC.
COTTOLENE— One ' half-l»rrel. 8%c; three
half-barrels, 8»4c: one tierce, 8Hc; two tierces.
8c; five tierces.- 7j4c per lb.
;. LARD— Tierces; quoted at 6%c per -Ib for
compound ; and 10',-ic for pure; ., half-barrels,
CURED MEATS— Bacon, - 12c per lb for
heavy.'/ Vl\<M\Zc i for; light rcedium. lS'/tc; for
light.' 14Ucfor extra light and 15'Ac for mi gar
cured : - Eastern sugar-cured Hams. . 13c : - llea
Beef, $12 50 per. barrel; extra Mess. »I2 SO; Fam
ily, $13 50; .prime Mess Pork,'. $15^15 50; extra
clear. $23; • Mess. $19: ' Smoked Beef, - 14c per lb.
-The. Chicago '.market wa3 weaker yestciday
but this market was unchanged. ;.- ;. ' .-¦
Provisions.
NUTS— Chestnuts, SiglOcper lb for Italian;
Walnuts, No. 1 softshell. 10c; No.. 2. 7%c; No.
1 hardshell." 9^«c; No. 2. 7c; Almonds. 12@13c
for paper-shell. - 9@llc, for softshell: Peanuts,
Sdi6c for Eastern: Brazil Nuts. HigllWc: Fil-s
berts. 12®i2Vic; Pecans, ll@13cr Cocoanuts,
%Z aC<a3. / •
- HONEY— Comb. 1314@14c for orient anil 12«4
(5>13c for light ember; water white extracted.
7®7>-I-c: light amber extracted. 5@6c; dark, 4@
5c per lb. ¦ > . •¦
BEESWAX— 23@2Sc per lb.
•RAISINS— The Raisin Growers' Association
has established the following prices: Bleached
Thompson's fancy, 12c per lb: choice, lie;
standard, 10c: prime. 9c; unbleached Thomp
son's.-Sc per lb. Sultanas— Fancy. 10Uc per lb;
choice, 91/ic: standard, S%c: prime, Sc; un
bleached Sultanas, Sc; Seedless, 50-lb boxes,
6V&c: 4-crown. 7c; 3-crown, 6};c: 2-crown. 6c
Pacific. brand. J-crown. 5r>: 3-crown. 5U^. and
4-crowri, oljc; s«edcd (Fresno prices), choice,
16-ounce'. oc: 12-ounce,'3 t ,2c; fancy, 16-ouncs,
5',ic; 12-ounce 3%c; London Layers, 2-crown,
$150 per box: 3-crown. $1 60; Fancy Clusters,
i2; Dehesa. $2 50: Imperial. $3. All prices f. o.
b. at common shipping 'iiolnts. In California.
PRUNES— Santa Clara. 4 sizes. 2c: ,30-Ms. 7c:
40-50?, 3?ic; 50-eOs. 3>ic: 60-70s. 2%c; 7O-SOs,-2'.4c;
80-90s l?4c: 90-lOOs, l'ic; 100-1203, IViC.' These
prices apply to all districts alike, no more dis
crimination being made.'
FRUITS— Arriccts, Z^l^c .for Royals and
8*,i®10c for Moorparks; Evaporated Apples.
3V>@oc; sun-dried. lV4@2c; Peaches, 3@3^-;C-for
standard, 4@5o for choice and 5@6c for fancy;
Pears, 2<??.7c: Plums,' pitted. 3Vi!g5c; unpitted,
l(51?ic; Nectarines, ,4@4iic for red and 4@5c
for white. ....- „
; 'Apricots : are very firm, owing to the recent
damage by frost, and some speculative- buying
is reported from New York. . ' , . . •
In-, the face of the pronounced cufln Prunes
by, the Association it seems queer • that ¦ the
New York market should be firm with light
stocks, but such is the anomalous case, /as will
be seen in the first column. I ¦ J
Seeded raisins have also been cut by the As
sociation,'as will be seen below.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
CITRUS FRUITS— Navel Oranges, ¦- 75c® $2;
Seedlings, '¦; Tangerines. 50cg$l 25; Lemons,
5Cc@$l for common and jl 25@2 for good to
choice: Grape Fruit. fiOc@$l 50: Mexican Limes,
S3 30(3 6; Bananas, $1 2S(g2 EO per bunch; Pine
arples, 75c@$2 per dozen.
APPLES— $1@2 50 per box
.'Citrus fruits stand as before. There are few
.Apples offering, except from cold storage.
Strawberries show little change. '-"¦•;..*-'
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
STRAWBERRIES— 40c@60c • per drawer for
Lone worths and 25$?35c for large berries.
Ten cars of Oranges In good condition were
auctioned 1 as follows: Fancy Navels, Jl 05@
1 95: choice do. 85c(g$l 25; standard do, 70c@
$! 10; Bloods. 80c@$l 10. '. [' "'',',
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
¦ Storage — California ¦ fancy, ; j standard,
; Eastern fancy, - ; standard, - — ; sec
onds, ¦'.
CHEESE— Fancy, full cream, 9*4c; choice,
SMc; common, nominal: Young Americas, 10c;
Eastern, full cream; 14016c per lb.' t
EGGS—
California Ranch— Selected White, 15c; mixed
colors. 13M;C per dozen.
California Gathered— Selected, 13%c; stand
ard, 12%c; seconds, . ."
-Fresh Eastern — Fancy, ; standard, ;
seconds, ¦ . ' .' "¦ .'¦¦'.
Kes. — =— - per pound
Dairy— Extras, 15c; firsts, 14c; seconds, — -;
¦tore, lie.
Storage — Creamery extras, ; firsts, ;
seconds, ; dairy extras, .
-pickle, per pound.
Receipts as reported. by the -Dairy Exchange
¦were: 70,300 pounds and 70 tubs of Butter, 1635
cases Eggs, 438 case3 Eastern Eggs, 36,173
pounds California Cheese and pounds East
ern Cheese. "¦'¦
BUTTER—
Creamery— Extras,. 16c; firsts, 15c; seconds.
continues • steady.
Although receipts of Eggs continue liberal
they are still going into cold storage freely,
which keeps spot stocks down. The market
was quoted weak on the Exchange.
No further. changes In prices were made on
the Exchange. The situation was reported the
same all around. Fine creamery. Butter wa3
weak, and the lower grades j were steady.
Stocks of Butter as a whole are' free, and the
demand is not- sharp. . .
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
GAME— Gray Geese. $3: White Gp»so. $1 25;
Brant, $1 EO<B2: English Snipe, $3 50: Jack
Snipe. $1 50; Hare, $1 25; Rabbits, $1 25 for Cot
tontail and 75c@?l for Brush.
Game stands about the same,
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, 10@llc for Gob
blers and 13@14c for Hens; Geese, -per pair.
$1 75@2; Goslings, $2 25@2 73; Ducks, $5 50@6 50
for old and JS*i9 for young: Hens. $4O6; young
Roosters. $7!S8; old Roosters. $4 23© 5: Fryers,
$o 50@6 50; Broilers, $4(g5 for large and $2 50
@3 50 for small; Pigeons, $2 per dozen for old
and $2 50@2 75 for Squabs.
There are now a good many Hens and small
broilers on the market and both are dragging.
Ycung Roosters are still firm, but old are
weak. The other descriptions show little
change.
One car of Eastern came in..
Poultry and Game.
VEGETABLES— Rhubarb. 5Pr(fr$i 25 -per box;
Asparagus, $1 7c(S2 for fancy. $1 33@1 65 par box
for No. 1 and 75c@$l 25 for No. 2: Green Peas,
2«7 2V.c for Bay: String Beans, 7@10c: Cabbage.
ICIilGOc; Tomatoes, Los ¦ Angeles, $1 50<52 per
orate; from Mexico. $1 23@1 50 per crate; EgK
Plant, Los Angeles. 17^@2Cc per lb: Green
Feppers, Los Angeles, 15c per lb for Chile and
20f for Bell: Dried Peppers, 12@18c; Dry Okra,
h 20(S'25c per lb: Carrots, 25@35c per sack: .Hot
house-Cucumbers. 50c@$l per dozen; Summer
Squash. $1 25SJ1 75 per box;. Garlic,. 4@6c per
lb; Marrowfat Squash, $20@SO per ton.
ONIONS— Oregons, $2 M@3 50 per ctl; Ne
vadas, $3 50@4; Cut Onions, 50c@$l 25 per sack:
Australians, ; Green . Onions, 25@40c per
box. •
¦ POTATOES — Early Rose. 85c@$l ; Burbanks.
25@53c for River and 90c@Jl 15 for Oregon;
Garnet Chiles from Oregon. $1@1 25; Sweets,
60{i?65c for Merced; New Potatoes, l@2c per lb.
Asparagus was easy and Peas were lower
under heavy receipts. The other Vegetables
stood about the same.
Receipts were 1034 boxes Asparagus, 6-"0 boxes
Rhubarb. 710 sacks Bay " Peas and 330 sacks
New Potatoes. . ¦
Receipts of Onions were free. Including 14S3
crates and 1653 sacks from Australia and 621
sacks from Oregon. Nevadas wero quoted
higher, but the last receipts from Australia
will not 'be on the market for a day or so.
. Arrivals of Potatoes were something over
8000 sacks, Including 4634 Oregon. The latter
advanced under a good demand. Otherwise
the market was unchanged. Three cars of
Sweets came in.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, nominal; Yellow
Mustard, nominal; Flax, $2 B0@3; Canary, 3%@
3%c for Eastern: Alfalfa, 7M:@8%c for Califor
nia and 9@9%c for Utah; Rape, 2@2',4c; Hemp,
3V4c: Timothy, 6\ic. -^J:
DRIED PEAS— Niles, $2@2 60; Green, $2 70®
3 per ctl; Blackeye, nominal.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
BEANS— Bayos. $2 E0@2 70; SmaH White, S4 75
©4 90; Large White, $4@4 15; Pink, Jl 60®l 90;
Red, S3© 3 25: Blackeye. $2 75® 3; Llmas, $6 15®
6 23; Pea, nominal; Red Kidney, $1 60 per ctl. ¦
- The market for all kinds is dull and un
changed. ' .".
Beans and Seeds.
HAY— Volunteer. $5@S: Wheat. 1110213; Wheat
and Oat, $9@12: Oat, J9@ll 50; Clover, nominal;
Alfalfa. $3@9 BO: Barley, $7 50@9 EO per ton.
STRAW— So^^c per bale.
MIDDLINGS— $1$ S0@13 50 per ton.
FBKDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley. $17 EO@1S per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill, $25@2S: jobbing,
$26 50; Coccanut Cake, $17«?!1S: Corn Meal, $23®
13 50; Cracked Corn, $25 50@26; Mixed Feed.
J15®16. ' . •
The weather has thus far produced no ef
fect, on the Hay .market except possibly to
steady it somewhat. Bran remains firm v and
unchanged. ! ¦ * ¦'.¦
BRAN— $13 50<gl6 E0 per ton.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
MILLSTTJFFS— Prices In sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, iZ, per 100. lbs; Rye Flour, $2 75; Rye
Meal, i $2 50; Rice Flour, $7: Corn Meal, $2 73;
extra cream do. $3 50; Oat Groats, $150; Hom
iny, $3 5003 73; Buckwheat Flour," $4<B4 25;
Cracked Wheat, $3 50; Farina, ¦ $4 50; Whole
Wheat Flour, - $2 25; • Rolled Oats (barrels),
$6 10© 7 60: in sacks, $5 7507 25; Pearl • Barley,
$5; Split Peas, $5; Green Peas, $6 50 per 100 lbs.
FLOUR— California Family • Extras. $3 23@
3 50. usual terms; Bakers' Extras. $3 15g3 25;
Oregon, $2 73@2 85 per. barrel ¦ for family •¦ and
$2 75@3 for baiters' ; Washington bakers', $2 75
©3/ ¦ . ' •'•¦: : . -\-.-,- . i. i
Flour and Millstuffs.
, CORN— Quotations remain nominal In th«" ab
sence of any demand. Yellow, $1 10@l 15;
White, $1 1001 15; Eastern Mixed. $1 12& per
ctl." . •
RYE— R0©82>£c per ctl.
% BUCKWHEAT— Is quoted at $1 65@1 70 per
ctl, ex- warehouse.
Whlte. $1 33@1 60; Surprise, nominal; Red. $1 30
@1 43; Black, SI 15@1 25 per ctl. "- ¦ -" ¦ V-
era (boxed), 6%@6%c; short clear sides (boxed).
*8 25@8 37%; whisky, basis of high wines. $127;
clover, contract trade, $10 75. , " ' "
S Articles— : : ' ,, Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels ......:.....:.. 44,000 38,000
Wheat, bushels / ....141.000 115.000
Corn, bushels 252.000 03.000 .
Oats, bushels ".. 289.000 ' 2S5.000
Rye, bushels 19.000 6.000
Barley, bushels ..23.000' 4.0CO
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was steady: creameries, 15@20%c; dairy,
UlSlSc. Cheese, firm; ll@12Uc Eggs, firm;
fresh, 12*fc. " \ -o^, v -
/THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL^ THURSDAY, APRIL II, 1901.
Foreign Futures.
STOCK MARKET.
Chicago Grain Market.
Cheese
8
STAT1OXS
Last This ! Lest
24 Hours Season. I Season.
'.ui
:?<
3'
a'
'r*
•A
ar
.<>
ai
ireka
•d Bluff ,
er&reento .....
n Francisco. . ,
osno
3<»P»ndence ..,
n Luis Obispc
¦s Angeles
n Dieeo
o
0.00
COO
0.00
0.00
0.00
0.00
0.00
o.oo
0.00
44.49
12.67
17.50
1S.93
10.3S
6.80
27.88
J4.17
10.C5
45.03
20.08
15.92
17.47
7.36
2.S1
15.10
6.71
3.41
STAT1OXS
Last This ! Lest
24 Hours Season. I Season.
'.ui
:?<
3'
a'
'r*
•A
ar
.<>
ai
ireka
•d Bluff ,
er&reento .....
n Francisco. . ,
osno
3<»P»ndence ..,
n Luis Obispc
¦s Angeles
n Dieeo
o
0.00
COO
0.00
0.00
0.00
0.00
0.00
o.oo
0.00
44.49
12.67
17.50
1S.93
10.3S
6.80
27.88
J4.17
10.C5
45.03
20.08
15.92
17.47
7.36
2.S1
15.10
6.71
3.41
fes fes fe»
AUCTION SALE
MONDAY.. April 13, 43 head BROKE
HORSES. MATCHED TEAMS, sound young
horses from Modoc County, also some fast
PACERS. TROTTERS and business horses.
Horses will be shown to harness before day of
sale. OCCIDENTAL HORSE EXCHANGE.
No. 721 Howard st.. near Third.
AUCTION SALESMAN WHO WILL HANDLE PA
CIFIC IMPROVEMENT COM
PANY'S LEGAL BUSINESS.
A. R. Grim, brother of the bride, the
Misses Cook, daughters of Judge Cook,
Mrs. Cook, his mother, and Master Her
old, the little son of the bride. The home
was prettily decorated for the occasioa
with a profusion and variety of flowers.
After the ceremony Judge and Mrs. Cook
left for a bridal tour, keeping, however,
their destination a secret. They will re
turn in a week and will take up their resi
dence in the Judge's elegant home at
Broadway and Scott streets. '¦ .-¦
Judge Cook has been a widower for more
than two years, making his home with his
•two daughters, who have been close
friends of the lady who yesterday be
came his wife. Mrs. Cook is the daughter
of A. K. Grim, County Recorder of Ala
meda County. She is well known in local
society, where she is deservedly very pop
ular.
WELL-KNOWN JURIST WHO HAS
AGAIN TAKEN UNTO HIMSELF A
WIFE.
John W. Mackay Arrives.
.John W.Mackay .arrived here last even
ing from New York in his special car. He
immediately repaired to'the Palace HoteJ.
It is: more. than possible that^he^will^re
main out" here for several weeks., :„¦ ;
Home for Old Friends.
The Society of Old Friends has had do
nated to it fifteen acres of choice farming
land near Glen Ellen, in Sonoma County,
Dr. C. C. O'Donnell, a past officer of the
society, being the donor. It is proposed
to erect thereon a home in which the aged
members who. may be without relatives
may find a haven of rest in their declining
days. To start a building fund the so
ciety, has decided to give. a grand enter
tainment and barbecue in Glen Park' next
Sunday. There -will be a sword contest,
balloon ascension, athletic sports and
games.- The guests will be Invited to par
take of the barbecue at 1* o'clock in the
afternoon. . ..:
"NOBBY" CLARKE WANTS
TO BE A POLICEMAN
Alfred Clarke, ..otherwise .known as
"Nobby" Clarke,' at one time a member of
the police force of this city, has" filed a
petition for a writ of mandate to compel
the Board of Police Commissioners to re
store him to his position on the force,
from which he resigned December 31, 1887.
In his complaint Clarke recites that he
was appointed fc member of the force De
cember 3, 185G, and reappointed February
1. 1869, when the McCoppin reorganization
law went into effect. He studied law and
was admitted to the bar. and finally, at
the request of the Board of Supervisors,
he took charge of the litigation growing
out of the laundry ordinance and succeed
ed in collecting $60,000 for the city.
On December 31, 1SS7, Clarke was com
pelled to resign from the force on account
of congestion of the brain. . At that time,
he alleges, he had an understanding with
Mayor Hammond that he should have the
privilege of withdrawing his resignation
in event he regained his health. -He says
he is now, "by the grace of God," a sound
man and having no other means of sup
porting himself and family desires to be
reinstated to his old position. :
Clarke avers that he is unable to com
ply with the civil service regulations, so
he invokes the aid of the Tyrrell. law to
regain his position.
ATHLETES RESCUED- FROM
DANGERS OF THE DEEP
Phil Wand, Alec Pape and J. Dukelow,
three well known athletes and members of
the Olympic Club, had a narrow escape
from drowning in the bay yesterday.. They
were rescued from almost certain death
by soldiers stationed at Alcatraz Island.
Early j'esterday morning Wand, Pape
and Dukelow left the Dolphin boathouse
in . a sailboat. Their destination was Ti
buron, and their passage to that spot was
without Incident. In the afternoon' they
started on their homeward journey and
before they had gone many . miles were
wishing themselves on shore .again. The
bay had roughened and their boat was
tossed about like a cockle-shell. ¦ 'Although
Pape and Wand are good sailors, they be
came extremely nervous. They had to
lower the sail and both bent to their oars,
but the incoming tide and the choppy sea
made rowing useless. Strive as they did
they could" make no headway, and were
in danger of. capsizing every minute.
Dukelow thought his last hour had come
and wrote a note • which he expected
would • be picked up if he met death by
drowning.
Fortunately the boat was carried by the
tide to the lee of Alcatraz Island and
with great effort the trio managed to
draw nearer shore.
The soldiers saw their predicament and
willing- hands dragged the wet and be
draggled athletes to shore. They were
in a pitiable state. Soldier clothes were
given them to wear while their own were
drying, and hot coffee -was made for them
They returned to this city on the General
McDowell. \
FBESTDENT OF DARTMOUTH
TO VISIT CALIFORNIA
Dr. William J. Tucker, the Eminent
Educator, to Be Guest of Local
Alumni Association.
Dr. "William J. Tucker, president or
Dartmouth College, who is now on an ex
tended visit to the various alumni asso
ciations on the Pacific Coast, will arrive
in this city this evening. President
Tucker is accompanied by his wife, and
during his stay here he will be the guest
of the local Dartmouth Alumni Associa
tion. Great preparations have been made
by the association for welcoming the pres
ident of their alma mater and on Monday
evening he will be tendered a reception
end banquet at the Palace Hotel.
Dr. Tucker will address the students and
faculty of the University or California on
Friday morning an<i in the afternoon a
reception will be ijiven in his honor by
President Wheeler. Sunday morning he
will occupy the pulpit of the First Con
gregational Church in this city. A visit
will be made Monday morning to Hoitt'a
School at Menlo Park. The president of
that institution. Ira G. Hoitt, is a grad
uate of Dartmouth College. In the after
noon of the same dav Dr. Tucker will de
liver an address at Stanford.
Frank S. Streeter, one . of the trustees
of Dartmouth and also a prominent edu
cator and lecturer, will join President
Tucker in this city Friday evening.
ORETN" S. CAEVILL
DIES AT EIPE AGE
Oirln S. Can-ill died yesterday morning
at his home at 1S34 O'Farrell street. He
wa> a pioneer of California, arriving In
this city in 1S49. After an experience In
the mines he began the manufacture of
vehicles in this city. His business ex
panded until it became the Carvill Manu
facturing company.
Mr. Carvill owned th_e Pacific Carriage
Company plant also. He would have
been 74 years old in June. He was a na
tive of J>ew!ptott, Me. A widow and three
dauphters. Mrs>. James Steadican of Port
land. Me.; tin. X. E. Cousins of Alameda
and Mrs. George H. Pippy of San Fran
cisco, and a son. A. D. Carvill. also of San
Francisco, survive the deceased. For
many y<*an= «Mr. Carvill and his son were'
agsorlatPri together in business.
HOTEL ARBIVALS.
PALACE HOTEL.
R D Morris, Chicago
E Rothschild. CInn
F Roth. N Y
F Ane, Memphis
N Thomas, NY
R Leadlay, Canada
Mrs Leadlay, Canada
M Leadlay. Canada
A Archer & w, N Y
Mrs Mllllgan, Chicago
F B Meyer, St Ix>uls
B F Meyer, St Louis
Mrs Lenujtarder, WIs
Miss Lenzarder, Wis
Miss Nelderman, WIs
F Johnson, S Rafael
H M Rice, Boston i
T Doane * w, • H I
Misses Doane, R I
D Benjamlne, Mo
3 S Fassett. N Y
O Mitchell. N Y
L Haynes, Mexico
•r Schultz, Chicago
J Gibson, Creston
0 Fawter, Cambridge
C Sprague. Colo
Mrs Morran, Colo
C, N Hall. Cal,
G Wright, Alameda
C M Wooster. S Jose
(J S Slegle. Mich
C McMurry, N Y
F Nobles & w. N Y
E Woodbury & w, la
F K Jorrls.- Boston
Mrs Getz, Portland
T Holland/ Phila
Mrs Phlpps, L Ang.
B F von Behn. L Ang
J Sherrington, Oaklnd
C D Williams, L Ang
T Melveny, L Ang
L T Lane. N Y
D Lane, NY,
T Hudson & w, Chgo
L E Mosher. N Y
Mrs Studebaker, N'T
A McLaren & w, Cal
J Slnnott, Pa
E G Straub. Denver
J Brodoraux, Butte
W Wente & w, Mich
J Maddell & w. Mich
T Warren &. w. Cal
J K Crofut & w. Cal
Mrs M Jones, Cal
Mrs G Jones. Cal .
F W Lyle. Mich
" Chapman & w. .P I
G Sinclair & w. P I
\V Fremalne. N Y
f) C Hoyt. Buffalo
W E Lordal. Racto
W R Wilson. Sacto
J Doyle, U S N •
L Kairer. U S N .
L R Payne. Fresno
T Derby. Cal .
A B Shoemaker, Cal '
J Williams & w. Cal
F Buck. VacavlU* I
A Spring & w. Boston
VV Hammon. Orovllie
Mr Whlttell & w, Cal
T Flint. S.Juan
P F Herring, Cal .
I L Bewepr, Ind
? " , Pau '. Queensland
J Hulln.. S Africa
J A T Hull. Iowa
Mrs Hull. Iowa
Miss Hull, Iowa
7 Daly, Salt Lak«
Mrs Daly. Salt Lake
Miss Daly. Salt Lak«
Master Daly. Salt Laic
Miss Daly. Salt Lake
.T E Ward, Chicago
C H Roberts. N Y
M A Haynes. N H
H n Van Fleck. N Y
Dr Henchert. St Lake
A B Adams, Mexico
O S Mitchell, N Y
Mrs Voeghty. Plttsbg
Miss Voeghty. Pittsbg
L Ingersoll, Cleveland
O D Stranch, N Y
G Hotchkiss. N Y
Miss Hotchkiss. N Y
Mrs Rollins, N Y
C Sorangler & w. Chgo
E Sorangler. Chicago
Mr Thomas & w, Lndn
E Wlnterspoon, Lndn
E Adcock, Chicago
J Raymond & w, Ptld
iT Drake Jr * w, Chgo
tlrs McClellan. Chlcgo
L- Jerkowskl, N Y •
Mr Swift & w, Mich
Dr Ayres & w, N Y
G Hyndron. w, c & m,
Chicago
Mrs Dayton, Chicago*
Miss -aldwln, Chicago
F G Drum. Chicago
XV Haves & w, Chlcag
R F Carr. Chicago
W Thomas, w & c,
Chicago
A Vose, Chicago
Mrs Frazer, NSW
Lieut Col Lvle. Londn
n Conrimy. Ballarat
Mrs Patterson, 2 c &
m. Sydney
T Felt & w, N Y
,T Perlin& w. Rutte
J T .Toffey. N Y ¦
J Miller & w. NY
rs WhP«ton. N Y
H F Morton. Seattle
H H Manplnnlng & w
Boston
Miss Manplnnlng. Bsn
*3 AItvIIp. Rerkeley
Mrs Hfldreth. Boston
Miss Hildreth. Boston
Mr Croaker & w, Cal
to» . GRAND HOTEL
Mrs Bean. Los An?
Mrs Delllnger. La Ang
Mrs Penrod, Santa An
Mrs Keym, Los Ang
Mrs Clark, Pasadena
Mrs Walker, I Los Ang
Mrs Balllle, Los Ang
Mrs Bailey, Los Ang
Mrs Ashcroft, Pasadna
J Plant & w. Pasadna
II Mather," Portland.
J O Brown, Oregon
W W Brown, Oregon
O Klplinper & w. Orah
E Westgate, R Vlata
A C Westgate. R Vlst
J BIddle. Hanford '
Mrs Yates & c, Chlego
F Currier & w, Chicso
Miss Bradson. Chlcgo
C Eastin. Modesto-
J Bedford," Fresno ,
C Harrlman. . Stnford
M Burns, Los Ang
F N Rust. Los Ang
R H Booth, Oregon
J Simpson, Los Ang Bj
J Gray &-w.. Phlladel
Mrs McCarthy, Six>kne
J McCudden. .Vallejo
Miss McCudden, Vallej
H H Knox, N Y
A J Hinds.- S. Cruz <
J Etsnert & w. Chicgo
P Kettenrlns & w. Ohl
M Doyle. S- Rosa --
F Prilchard, 111-
W Myatt & w, London
J Barrett & w. Mo
Mrs Baker. Pari3. Can
Mrs Lenzarder. Milwk
J Lancaster, • Seattle
N Stoddard. ; Michigan
H H , Hunter. S Jose
T Garratt, Michigan
J Mowatt. .Michigan..
F J Calef. Chicago*.
M Hart & w, S Jdse
A Manning-, Colo
N. C Fronne, Colo
R O Dean, Brentwctod
B L Laurence, Pa '
Mrs Whitney, Pa
E Vance & w. Eureka
Miss Vance, Eureka
J Thompson & w. Erk
J Brown & w. Eureka
A Chambers. Orovllie
Mrs Hibber. N J
H Prince, Boston
H Hlckey, Albion. Cal
J Walker & w, Los An
D Hollister, Courtland
II Cline. Los Ang-
Mrs Igo. Colo V -•
Mrs Ludlow, Colo
J Bradley, Merced
J Coe & w. Chicago <
R Jenkins, Pittsburgh
Miss Jenkins, Plttsbrg
Miss J Jenkins, Pttsbg
G Wheaton, Oakland
C Dunning, Carters
U- Roberts. Healdsberg
S Hodgklns, Stockton
Mrs Norton. N Y I
E W Norton. NY
Mrs Henry, NY
F Bradman,.U S M C
Mrs. Bishop, Michigan
Mrs Sperry, Michigan
;W Gordon & w Colo
j Lut Gardner & w, U8 A
IH Read. Sacto .
!> P Agetti. Seattle
Miss Agetti, . Seattle *
E Holdonay &.w. St U
S.McKim.& w, Sacto
J Anderson & w, Sacto
A Sanseefleld," Stocktn
W Reed, Fresno
J ..Walker,- Minn
F W Moore, S;»cto
B F.Gould.. Mo . '
NEW- WESTERN HOTEL
S II Orratt, New Orlns'
W- Foster & w, Iowa
J Allen. Los Ang •
R'A Settl«, Denver; •¦
Mrs Betts. Honolulu- ',
C Morrison, I Omaha .
U E Smith, New Orlns
B Black,- Michigan --
G D • Rosenthal, Mich
A J Anderson, , Uenicial
C J Howland, Denver
E Canpian,' Bodie, Cal
W K Finks, Denver
N Wrunk.'-.-Kans City
R Church & w. Denver
J Gllmore. Tulare. Cal
F Sftnekey,.U S N-;
D CaraEsa. ¦ Sant Rosa
R Fj.Tomson.iLos-Ang
Advises Embroynic Teachers to Be
Guided by Principles in Per
forming Their Work.
"Some Greek Teachers" was the subject
of an Interesting address delivered yes
terday afternoon to the pupils of the Nor
mal School on Powell street by John Mc-
Naught. The speaker advised the embry
onic teachers to be guided by principles
and to pursue their duties in the educa
tional field with the same Indomitable
fortitude as the philosophers of Greece
who, although surrounded by opponents
and enemies, did not hesitate to promul
gate their doctrines and theories, some of •
which revolutionized the governments of
the world. In Illustration of this he stat
ed that the theory— the greatest ever con
ceived by the mind of man — that govern
ments should be based on the intelligence
of the citizens, was first discovered by one
man and he, by persistent. efforts, taught
it to the world.
The address throughout was received
with close attention by the pupils, and at
its conclusion the speaker was warmly
applauded.
JOHN McNATJGHT TAI^S
TO NORMAL SCHOOL PUPILS
Mrs. Catherine Coarum, -wife of a- west
Indian cook now at sea on the Umatilla,
shot Charles McDanlels, or Dennlson, a
night watchman, to death at her home,
1133% Clay strcet,\ at an early hour yes
terday morning. \She was Intoxicated
when she committed the crime, and has
not yet been able to give a lucid account
cf the occurrence or the causes that led
up to the tragedy.
Persons living in the vicinity of the old
houso occupied by Mrs. 1 Coarum reported
to Policemen Ward and Roediger In the
morning that there had been trouble and
that shots had been fired in the house dur
ing the night. The officers got no response
to knocks, but effected an entrance through
through the wlndowof an adjoining house.
Mrs. Coarum was found sitting in the
kitchen drinking beer. She was In a hys
terical condition, 1 and at once came for
ward and told rtie policemen that she had
killed "Charlie," and that he was In the
basement. ' . .. .
McDaniels* body was found In the base
ment, reclining against a pile of sand.
One bullet had struck him under the left
shoulder blade, another In the right
shoulder, and a third made a slight wound
In the right leg. The first had caused
death.
The Woman's Story.
The woman claims that McDaniels came
to her house early in the evening while
she was out, and broke in at the front
door. After she- came home he went to
a corner grocery and bought a bottle of
beer and a flask of whisky. Mrs. Coarum
thought that was about 8 o'clock, but the
grocer, John Rohde,' says it was 10:30. The
shooting is supposed to have occurred
about midnight. •
The woman asserts that McDaniels had
threatened previously to kill her. Ho had
started to go upstairs and had said she
must go with him. She took his revolver,
which, he had laid on the kitchen table.
MACCABEES HAVE
DAY OF REUNION
Honor High Officers in a
: Manner Befitting Their
Rank. .
Yesterday morning, noon and night
there was only pleasure for the Macca
bees, knights and ladles.
During the early part of the day Su
preme Record Keeper Siegel, under the
guidance "of George V. Leroi of San Fran
cisco Tent, J. C. Freeman of Golden West
Tent, Dr. A. J. Hiniker of Pacific Tent and
State Commander S. W. Hallj was taken
for a drive over the city, the park and
the ocean beach, so that on his return to
his home in Port Huron, Mich., he could
tell of the wonders of the city by the
Golden Gate. In the evening he was the
guest of. honor at a banquet tendered him
in one of the downtown rotisseries and
later, in company of Sir Knights Leroi,
T. J. Harris, G. L. Morgan. J. H. Boyer,
A. J. Hiniker and S. W. Hall/ with Ser
eeant J T. Green, there was a visit to the
Chinese quarter. The visiting, supreme
record keeper expressed himslf as pleased
at what he saw and with the hospitality
of- the local sir knisrhts. . • .• .
Last night Supreme Commander Lady
Lillian M. Hollister of Michigan and Su
preme Picket Lady Walker of Los Angeles
were tendered a reception in the maplv
hall of the Palace. They were greeted by
more than three hundred members of the
hives of this city. Oakland and Sacra
mento.. During the evening Lady Hol
lister. who is of commanding presence and
pleasing address, was introduced to all
who came and for each she had a pleasant
word There 'were musical selections by
Ladies von • Sleberllch, Rosine and.Rowe
of Sacramento ¦¦ and Blake. Late in the
evening the 'supreme record keeper of the
knights visited the hall and was presented
to the -guests, of the evening - - .
1 The function was successfully carried
out by Lady Jacobs, chairman, assisted by
Lady Bowe of San Francisco Hive, Lady
Gibson of Mission Hive; Lady Pumphey
of California Hive. Lady Rlnner of Golden
West Hive, Lady Hare of Fraternal Hive,
Lady Spence of Aloha Hive, LadyAylett
of Oakland Hive. .Lady Phelps of Carita
Hive. Oakland; Lady Thomas of Sacra
mento Hive and Lady E." S.' Moffat, deputy
supreme commander for, the State. ~ "¦
and shot toward him as he stood on the
stairs, intending, she says, only to fright
en him. He staggered to the bottom of
the stairs, and asked her to help him out
where he could get a breath of fresh air.
She helped him out through the kitchen
and down a flight of steps to the base.
ment and left him propped up against the
wall. According to her story she went
back to the kitchen and sat alone till
morning, when she went into the base
ment and found that McDaniels was dead
The police believe that the shooting oc
curred In the kitchen, as there are no
blood stains in the little hallway or on
the stairs. It is their belief that McDan
iels died almost Immediately, and that
the woman dragged the body into the
basement with the intention at first of
concealing it In the sand.
The body of the murdered man was
taken to the Morgue, and Mrs. Coarum
was taken to the City Prison and a charge
of murder placed ngatnst her.- She sobs
hysterically, and says over and over:
"Poor Charlie, 1 didn't mean to dr> It.
My poor husband, what will he think!"
Mrs. Conrum Is 47 years old. She mar
ried Joseph Conrum. or Joseph Knight, as
he is generally known, twenty-seven vears
ago in Liverpool. Her husband, who is
a mulatto, will be In port with the Uma
tilla within a few days. •
Came From Seattle.
The Coarums came to San Francisco
frcm Seattle six years ago. About four
years ago the woman became acquainted
with McDaniels, or Dennison, who has
been night watchman for Davis, Schon
wasser & Co., the dry goods merchants.
Since that time he wa^ a frequent visitor
at her house, and she was in his room at*
421 Powell street almost daily. She says
that "Charlie" was jealous of her and
threatened often to kill her, her husband
and himself.
E. G. Schonwasser. of Davis, Schon
wesser & Co., yesterday identified the re
volver with which the crime was com
mitted as one which the firm had given to
the watchman.
• Ex-Judge Webb recognized Mrs. Coar
um at the City Prison as a former tenant
of his in Seattle. He says that she worked
hard there as a washerwoman. She at
tempted once, when intoxicated, to com
mit suicide by slashing her wrists, but
she was discovered in time and her life
saved.
McDaniels. the victim of the tragedy, is
given a good name for sobriety and in
dustry. He was considerably younger
than. Mrs. Coarum.
BREMERHAVEN. April 10.— It is offi
cially announced that two bars of gold
were stolen during the voyage of the
North German Lloyd steamer Kaiser Wil
htlm der Grosse, which left New York
April 2 and arrived at Cherbourg April 9.
The company has offered a reward of
10,000 marks for their restitution or for
the discovery of the thieves.
The directors of the company have ap
parently learned nothing definite as to
when or where the theft of the bars took
place. Captain Englebart of the Kaiser
Wilhelm der Grosse is of the opinion that
the gold was stolen at either New York
or Southampton. The police here, as a
result of their inquiries, think the rob
bery was probably committed in New
York.
NEW YORK, April 10.— The robbery at
sea of the specie room of the North Ger-
L'.t-yd liner Kaiser Wllhelm der Grosse
remains a mysterious crime. .Apparently
there had been complete failure either
to locate the missing gold bullion or the
men who took It, although the search of
passengers and ship at Bremen again this
morning may furnish material for the in
vestigations. The advices to Oelrichs &
Co., r.gents for the company, came in
German and on the point as to whether
the specie room was broken open or en
tered by picking the lock admit of trans
lation either way. . .. •
The specie room of the Kaiser Wllhelm
der Grosse is iron bound and almost as
strong as a vault. The bars of gold were
packed in oak casks bound with iron
hoops. -Thousands of dollars in gold were
within the reach of the man who forced
hi? way into the strong room, but only
the sum named was taken. At the office
of the North German Lloyd agents this
morning the following statement was
given: ¦
"Three bars of gold, valued at $22,750,
were taken from the specie room of the
Kaiser Wilhelm der Grosse somewhere
between here and Cherbourg. The bars
were taken from cask No. 4, but we have
no idea. as to how the robbery was ac
complished. Our advices are but brief
and do not show how the room was en
tered. The gold was shipped by the Na
tional City Bank of New York. We un
derstand it was insured, but the question
of responsibility will be passed upon later.
We have not recovered the gold, and this
office has no knowledge of the thieves.
The specie room is a strong safe one. se
sr.red by patent locks, to which there
were but two keys. The chief officer kept
one key, the purser the other.
GOLD THIEVES
BAFFLE POLICE
Mystery Surrounds Robbery
on the North German
Lloyd Vessel.
Pacific Improvement Company is called In
for consultation more than ror any active
legal work."
Horace G. Platt had been spoken of as
the- possible president of the Pacific Im
provement Company. On the arrival of
George Crocker in this city several weeks
ago the rumor was at once dispelled by
Crocker, who, in his blunt way, said that
he was. the president of the Pacific Im
provement Company and that he felt per
fectly capable of attending to the duties'
of the position. The appointment of
Platt as the attorney of the company
comes as a pleasant surprise to his many
friends, as in addition to his other accom
plishments he is regarded as a very able
I lawyer.
NEW YORK, April 10.— It came to light
to-day that a man supposed to be Albert
Jensen, who attempted to commit suicide
by twice shooting himself in the head
while being pursued by a crowd on West
street yesterday, is not Jensen at all and
Is wanted by the Government authorities
in this country and Sweden. He is in
reality John Albert Skoog, a Swede, S3
years old, born in Stockholm, and the son
of a prominent and wealthy family. He
early began a criminal career and is pro
nounced by officials of the United States
, secret service to be the most expert coun
! terfe'.tcr alive.
In March, 1897, he escaped from the pen
itentiary at Jollet, .III., while serving a
sentence there for making* and passing
counterfeit $20 bills. Chief Hazen of the
secret service department . has a bench
warrant for Skoog's arrest which had
been issued from the United States Cir
cuit Court for the Northern District of
Illinois. Skoog is wanted in Sweden for
making and passing a large number of
counterfeit 100 kroner notes, such as are
issued by the Bank of Sweden.
• This work was done early in 1S99. Skoog
having gone to Sweden at once after his
escape from Juliet.
One of the biggest raids in the history
of the secret service was made to-night
by Chief Hazen as a result of the arrest
of Skoog. Mr. Hazen after talking with
Skoog to-day and after following a clew
which he found in Skoog's pocket went
to a building in Grand avenue, Brooklyn,
and arrested Emile Mobert, a Swede.
One of the most complete counterfeiting
plants ever found was discovered in tbe
house. The long- sought plates for the
50-kroner notes of the Bank of Sweden
and the 100-kroner notes of the Bank of
Copenhagen were among those found.
They were buried awav with other plates
for the making of a £2f) note of the Bank
of Scotland, which, it Is said, the secret
service of Great Britain has been trying
to run down.
Counterfeiter Wanted in Two
Countries Captured in
New York.
SUPERIOR JUDGE CARROLL
COOK and Mrs. Bessie Grim-Her
old were married yesterday at
noon at the home of the bride.
corner of Stelner and Pine streets,
Rev. Bradford Leavltt of the First Uni
tarian Church officiating.
It was a very quiet wedding, the only
persons present being Mr. and Mrs. A.
K. Grim of Alameda, parents of the bride,
LEADS ALL MEN
IN COIN-MAKING
"MO1E TrTATT QTJEE1T'
DRAWS GOOD HOUSES
All the Theaters Are Offering Pleas
ing 1 Attractions to the Amuse
ment I<overs.
Blanche Walsh, In her new Napoleonic
play, "More Than Queen," has been
eplendidly received by the patrons of the
Columbia Theater. The costumes an-i
mounting of the play are of unusual mag
nificence and present a series of pictures
that has seldom been equah-d on the lo
r&l stage. Miss Walsh as Josephine Is a
charming Empress and the supporting
company is reasonablv clever.
Among the scenes represented are the
garden of the Palais Royal, Malmaison,
the Charterine hou?<> oi the Bonapartes,
Notre Dame. Tuileries, Palace of St.
Cloud and Fontainebleau. "More Than
Queen" will remain the bill all this and
the following week.
• • •
"The Idol's Eye" is repeating its last
year's success at the Tivoll Opera-house
this week. The benefit performance on
Tuesday n!ght for the California Eye aud
Ear Hospital was crowded to the doors.
Hartman, Wheelan, Webb, the new bary
tone. Arthur Cunningham. Annie Myers,
Maud Williams and Bcrnice Holmes are
all well cast and between them insure a
fu'.l night of mirth and merriment.
• • •
"Ingomar," with Robert Downing in the
name part, is doing: good business at the
Central Theater, lngomar is one of Mr.
Dowring's best parts ar.d he has been well
supported by the Central stock company,
more particularly Miss Atwood as P^r
thi-nia. An elaborate presentment of
"Julius Caesar" will be next week's offer
ing.
• • •
"Tonncfsfe's Pardner" has been ve:y
popular with AU-azar audiences during
the last two wooks. This representation
of old-timo Nevada days has a certain ro
mantic-historical interest and the Alcaznr
people l:ave pra?pt*d we!l the spirit of the
tirm-s. Next wook "Oh! Susannah," a rag-
Jime farce, will lie the bill.
• • •
. ".OiivdcrcUa." th« l>!g spectacle at" Mo
rosio's. is playing to pood houses. The
Mornsco ponies, with their baby ponies,
«ro unions the popnliir- attractions of ih*»
«how. Next week "East Lvnne." with
Kiorrm-o Siono and lohn Webster Jr.
• • •
Tho California will open on Sunday
cvenir.2 next in all the glory of new paint
«nd piklinp. fresh carpets and all tr.e
other insignia of h theatrical sj>rlnir clenn-
Jnp, with Neil Hurjccjss in "The County
Kjitr." This favorite old pastoral, with
the thrilling three-quarter mile horserace
nnd its three Jockeys, will doubtless find
us many tHkers as over. The California
has now a year-long list of attractions
|n,r>kcd without interval.
• . • •
The wonderful Russian canines Rt the
Orphoum still head the good bill in point
cf interest. This unique animal act must
be seen to he believed. Other pood things
«re the Prevost and Provost net. Hal S'e
phens and company, the pickanniny per
formance of Josephine Gassman's colored
tribe. George H. Wood. Fuller, Moller and
Burke, Hamilton Hill and the Girl of
Quality.
• • •
Fischer 1 ? bill includes Laura Lopez, the
Oriskanys. T. Tayne. the Kelsey sisters,
Mabel Martin. Tom Mack, Melville Coak
ley and the favorite Hinrichs orchestra
among the week's entertainers.
• « •
The Chute? and Zoo offer a unique at
traction to-night la a "fat folks' cake
walk." Barnes" dog and pony act and
the usual amateur show will also be in
cluded.
DEATH'S GBIM.BECORD
IN THE PHILIPPINES
General Mac Arthur Sends a List of
the Men Who Have Recently
Passed Away.
WASHINGTON. April 10.— General Mac-
Arthur at Manila cabled the following list
of deaths:
Dysentery— March 18,' Company K,
Eighteenth Infantry, Louis F. Beneke;
March 18, Company I. Fifteenth Infantry,
William K. Brown; March 25, Company F,
Eighteenth Infantry, Aaron C. Hurst;
March 30. Company A, Nineteenth In
fantry, John J. Regan ; March 20, Hospital
Corps. Walter R. Ogden.
Typhoid Fever— March 11. Troop B,
Ninth Cavalry. Sergeant William Rut
ledge; April 3, Hospital Corps, Harvey M.
derrick.
Died from wounds received in action —
March 29. Company A, Twenty-first* In
fantry, Martin K. Eavy; April 4, Com
pany L. Forty-first Infantry, Corporal
James W. Cowell.
All other causes — April 4, Company H,
Twenty-fifth Infantry. Richard. D. Lewis;
Company E, Twentieth Infantry. Otto
Holm; Company B, Forty-eighth Infantry,
William McGeo: Company A, Fifth In
fantry. James A. O'Brien: March 28, Com
pany A, Korty-eiRhth Infantry, James
Buc'khalter; March 14th. . Company B,
First Infantry, August Kreuger; March
27, Company A. Ninth Infantry, William
Green; April •*. Company K. Forty-tlrst
Infantry, . Joseph C. Haught; April 1.
Band, Twenty-sixth Infantry, Chauncey
S. Lewis; March 17, Company M, Eighth
Infantry, William F. Briggeman;
March 14. Company E, Twelfth
Infantry, William I. Long: March 26,
Company B, Twenty-third Infantry.
Frank Gately;. April 1. Company A, Fifth
Infantry, Harry L. Mace; April 5, Com
pany A, Twenty-fourth Infantry, William
Dorsey; March £5. Company G, Forty
second Infantry, Wilfred Zailein.
Mob Attacks a Monastery.
MADRID. April 10.— A hostile demonstra
tion has taken place at the Monastery of
Paramos, near Oporto, Portugal. The
monks replied with gunshots, whereupon
the mob stoned the building. A number
of persons were drowned.
THE "chief topic among railroad men
yesterday ' was the news that
Horace G. Platt, the well-known
attorney and club man, had been
[ . appointed attorney of the Pacific
Improvement . Company. This step was
taken by President George Crocker and
W. H. Crocker of the Pacific Improvement
Company last Saturday and all arrange
ments are being made for the new ap
pointee to assume his responsible duties.
Ever since the forming of the Pacific Im
provement Company and the Southern Pa
cific Railroad Company the interests of
the two corporations have been so closely
identified that the legal business of the
Pacific Improvement Company has always
been attended to by the law department of
the Southern Pacific Company.
With the recent change in the ownership
of the Southern Pacific Company this
community 'of interests has ceased and it
was deemed a matter of business pru
dence that the Improvement company
should take its legal business out of the
hands of the Southern Pacific law depart
ment.
Horace G. Platt was rather reluctant to
talk about his appointment yesterday, but
admitted that he would In the future look
after the Pacific Improvement Company's
legal business. " . •
•"Wen, yes, I am the newly appointed
attorney . for the Pacific Improvement
Company," he said, "and am to take
charge at once. The business will be con
ducted from my office. The work is not
very- extensive and the attorney for the
WOMAN SHOOTS AND KILLS
HER COMPANION AT NIGHT
Spoclal Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, Apni 10.— The Rev. James
M. Pullman, brother of the late George
M. PullmaJi. ca'used a sensation in the
New York East Coi.ference of the Meth
odist Church to-day by delivering a sting
ing speech about the evils of trusts. The
meeting was held in the Hanson Place
Methodist Kviscopal Church. Mr. Pull
man is the presiding elder of the New
England Conference. His station is Lynn,
Mass.
He declared that the rapid growth of
trusts was fast eating away the vitality
of the nation. This pernicious system, he
eaid, was fast depopulating the towns of
New England, formerly so thrifty and
prosperous, and he predicted that unless
steps were taken to check the trusts
many of the manufacturing towns of his
6ection of the country would be ruined
beyond repair In ten years.
The speaker charged the trust magnates
with closing- many factories by taking
away the manufacturing industries. To
corner the market on everything was
their Idea, he said.
Clergyman Delivers a Sensational
Address at a New York Confer
ence of tke Ilethodist
Church.
Brother of the Late George
M. Pullman Scores Big
Combinations.
SAYS TRUSTS
ARE RUINOUS
LABOR TROUBLES
STOP A FUNERAL
Hackmen Refuse to Follow
Band and the Cortege
Separates.
Musicians Found to Be Members of
Union Not Recognized by Driv
ers After Procession Is
Under Way.
A funeral parade came down Kearny
street from the Italian quarter yesterday
afternoon led by a band playing a funeral
march. The Italian Carbiniers, gorgeous
in bright uniforms ar.d flamlnc plumbs,
kept stately step to the music of tho
band. The hearse awl ten carrlases fol
lowed. Just in front of the Hall of Jus
tice a horde of hack drivers swept down
upon the parade, split it in two. turned
the hearse and carriages down Clay
street and let the musicians and fierce
Carbiniers drift alonj Kearny street In
funeral parade minus n corpse.
Two days ago Antonio Salerna. who re
sided at 1312 Kearny street, died. He was
a prominent member of the Italia Rtoli
Carbinier! Mutual Aid Society and t:ie
order decided to burv him with all honor.
Accordingly a band was engaged and after
the ceremonies at Garibaldi Hail the pro
cession started ami then came the
trouble.
It was all a question of unionism. Th*
band was non-union and the hackmea
held up their brotheis in the drivers*
seats of the hearse and carriages anJ
threatened dire vengeance If they contin
ued in the wako of the "scab" band.
There was an interval of wild gesticu
lating on the part of the Italian under
taker and his "assist ir.ts and hot replies
in hackman vernacular. The undertaker
in desperation offered bonuses of $10 ami
even $15 to the drivers If they would pro
ceed, but it was all in vain. The hear*e
stood stock still and the mourners peereJ
out from behind drawn curtains, per
plexed by the delay and the evident ex
citement in the crowd about them. Byt
the non-union band marched boldly on
and the Carbiniers followed majestically,
unconscious that Hamlet had drooped nut
of the play.
When the undertaker found there was
no alternative he consented that the pro
cession should proceed without the band.
The hearse and line ot carriages were
driven down Clay street to Montgomery
and started on the way to Laurel Hill
Cemetery.
The band and Carbiniers reached Pine
street, on Kearny, before their predica
ment dawned upon them. Then they wer«
halted and presently when Joe Valente,
the undertaker, came un there was more
gesticulating and rapid fire of Italian
verbiage.
The band could not lead a procession
that refused to follow and the military
with the fierce mustaches and bright red
plumes could not parade without a band —
that was certain. Tho funeral was over
so far as they were • oncerned. Banners
were unfurled, badge* of mourning dis
carded and the band led the way up
Kearny street, back up the hill Into the
Italian quarter, playing the Washington
Post march, the Carbiniers hot-footing it
after them in time with the jauntiest of
quicksteps.
Joseph Valente of the firm of Valente.
Marini & Co.. undertakers, says that the
band wa* hired by t'ue secretary of the
Italian Carbiniers and that the under
standing was that it was a union organi
zation. One of the musicians displayed a
union card upon ch#i!enge of the hack
men, but none of the others could do so.
Some who are Tiot friencilv to Valente %ay
that he, as president of the Italia Re.ili
Carblnieri. hired tho band and that he
was warned before the procession starter
that it was "scab" and that the hack
men would not be allowed to drive be
hind It.
Some o? the musicians were merab*T9 of
the Pacific Coast Musicians' Union, but
the Musicians' Protective Union is th»
only organization recognized by othe*
unions.
Valente asserts that a rival firm of un
dertakers caused all his trouble bv enll3t
injr the hackmen in the scheme to hold up
the procession. The rival firm denies It.
In any event the Hackmen'a Union ha.-i
not had such a triumph since its victory
over Beylard of coaching fame.
Will Install New Officers.
The Barbers" Prot--"ci:v(» Union will In
stall its officers Thursday evening. April
IS, at Foresters* Mull. Alcazar building:.
120.0'Farrell street. The installation cere
monies will be followed by a hlRh Jinks.
Special Dispatch . to The Call,
SEATTLE, April 10.— Charles Brown, a
recent arrival in this city from San Fran-"
Cisco, committed suicide by taking poison
last night between 1L and 1 o'clock, in his
room in a Fourth avenue lodging-house.
He was last seen alive at 11 o'clock, when
he retired to his room. The poison used
was arsenic, of which he had a large
quantity.
Brown came to Seattle last' Friday on
the steamer "Walla Walla. 1 He was ac
companied by A. -Macdonald. who rooms
in the adjoining hou&e. : Macdonald has
known Brown but a short time, having
become acquainted with him while coming
up on the steamer. . . .
. Brown was about -is years of age. He
is supposed to have a family In California
as he was frequently heard to refer to
them. He was a prospector and It was
his intention to go out into the mineral
regions of this State as soon as spring
opened. No reason can be assigned for hio
suicide. • • ' ¦ '¦ .
Brown's effects consisted of a trunk, a
pocketbook containing $1 13 and some let
ters from California. These were taken
charge of by the Coroner and , an effort
will be made to locate Brown's relatives
in the south. Macdonald knows nothing
whatever of the dead man's relatives. In
Brown's room was a receipt signed by J.
E. Fellows of Los Angeles.
Charles Brown Takes Poi
son in. a Seattle Lodg
ing-House.
SAN FRANCISCAN
DIES A SUICIDE
HORACE PLATT RECEIVES
A RESPONSI BLE POSITION
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, APRIL II, ¦ 1901.
JUDGE CARROLL COOK
IS AGAIN A BENEDICT
c
9
GRAPE-NUTS.
Phosphate's Found on the Skin and
Thrown Out From Pores.
We know that active brain work
¦throw-? out the phosphate of potash, for
this product Is found on the skin after
?xcpc F ; v<4 braJn work, therefore, brain
workers, in ordr>r to keep well, must have
proper food containing- phosphate of pot-
ash to quickly and surely rebuild tlie
us^ri-up tispue. That one can obtain euch
food has boen proven In thousands of
caws? smong users of Grape-Xuts Food.
This contains phosphate of potash In
mlnuto particles," just as it is furnished
by naiure In the grain*.
This product makes from albumen the
pray matter that builds the brain and
fiilp the nerve centers.
In no way can this jray matter be
made except by the action of phosphate
of potash upon albumen, and this mineral
should be Introduced to the body Just as
It comes from Nature's laboratory, and
not from the drug store. The system i*
more or less fastidious about taking up
the needed elements, and, as might be
Fuspected, it will favor the products of
Mother Nature rather than the products
of the drug shop, however valuable tho
last may be for certain uses.
Lawyers, journalists, doctors, minis-
ters, business men ar.d others, who earn
their living by the use of the brain, are
using Grape-Nuts Food. It is manufac-
tured for a reason and was originated by
an expert. The regenerative value of tbe
Food has been demonstrated beyond
question. - V i'
COMES FROM BRAIN.
oooo ooooooo oooooooooooooooooopoooooooooooo ooooooo oooo
JOOO OO O O O O O 0 OOOOO.OOOOOOOO *O 00 OOOOOO OOOOOOOO O O O O O O 0 OOOC
OOOO OOOOOOO ¦aan^aaa.Baama, aMBBVBB^aoa^BaM OOOOOOO OOOC
ooooooooooo ooooooooooc
oooo oooooSo An OaKland Woman Goes East to Sdl the VolZZZl %%ol
Sooo ooSoSoo Sword o! Washington to Raise a HZIZIZ oooo
OOOO OOOOOOO l\n.v^~n f<U. Ho ri-i, ./iV. t»r- OOOOOOO OOOC
oooo ooooooo Dowry lor ncr Dav^mcr. ooooooo oooo
ooooooooooo '-. ooooooooooc
ooooooooooo • . ooooooc oooo
oooo ooooo'oo FOBTUNES IN DESERT PBODUCTS. ooooooooooc
ooooooooooo . -. ooooooooooo
ooooooooooo • . By Jose de Ohvares. ooooooo oooo
oooo 0 °°oooo , ooooooooooo
oooo ooooooo ' ooooooo oooo
ooooooooooo ... . ooooooooooo
oooo ooooooo The Wickedest Man in New YorK and ooooooo oooc
oooo°oo ooo °-. oooooocoooc
ooooooooooo . • fjjc AdvlCC He GiVCS. ooooooo oooc
oooo ooooooo - . ooooooc oooc
oooo ooooooo . ooooooo oooc
ooooooooooo oooooocoooc
oooo ooooooo WHAT BECOMES OF OLD CANNON 1 ooooooooooo
OOOO OOOOOOO W 11A » DC\J\Ml U-J VI U*»U CiUliiUll i OOOOOOO OOOC
oooo ooooooo - - ..- - ooooooo oooc
°°°° OOOOOOCOOOOOOOOOOOOOO OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO OOOOOOO 000*0
0000 3OOOO0O00000C000000OO O0OO0OO0OO00O0»0O n r, r, r\ r, r OOOO
oooo. oooo
HI Read in 'Next 1
00 0 0 __* • ¦ ¦" • '_ .¦ m jm* m ¦¦ ¦ '£ OOOO
oooo - i^^ a I M "* . ¦ B oooo
OOOO iJVilVitty 3, VUli. ggOO
oooo • oooo
0000 Tr5^^^^^c^^o^TTo^7^^?oo^^^^^^^^^^^^^^o^^^o^^^o^o^^o^^O^^ o o o e
oooo ooooooo 000000 ooooooooooooooooooooooooo ooooooo °°°°
OOOO OOOOOOO ~^^^^ mmmmm^ .^ ¦¦¦¦.....¦....»•¦¦. a—aaai saaaaa—B—a*- OOOOOO" OOOC
OOOOOOOOOOO . . OOOOOOO 0000
OOOOOOOOOOO \ _ : ---.' ' O O 0 O O O 0 ° O ° °
oooooSbcooo The Crack Dillcmen o! America and Who SSSSSSS S-S S S
oooo ooooooo Thrv Am ooooooo oooo
oooo ooooooo »"wjr »"«• ooooooo oooo
ooooooooooo ' • '» '....^y-- ooooooo oooo
0Q00 OOOOOOO OOOOOOO OOOO
ooop ooooo'oo LATEST IN FASHIONS, FICTION, BOOKS. ooSoooo oooc
ooooooooooo - ooooooooooo
oooo o o o o o o c ¦ • ooooooooooo
00000000003 OOOOOO'" 0000
oooo ooooooo And Many Stories oi Thrilling Hvmin ooooooo oooc
OOOOOOOOOOO,, !*_»« OOOOOOOOOOC
oooo ooooooo - - iniCTeSl. ;•'.-•* ooooooooooc
oooo oooooco [••»;¦.. ooooooo oooc
OOOOOOOOOOO -i OOOOOOOOOOO
ooooooooooo oooooocoooc
ooooooooooo THP SUNDAY- CAIL LFADS THEM ALL* oooooocoooc
ooooooooooo .1HC ai/nUAl-VAU LCAIO IttCm ALL. oooooocoooc
ooooooooooo . ¦ FIVF fFNT? ' A fJIUV ooooooc oooc
OOOOOOOOOOO -• I I » •» WJl IJ ** WJr I. OOOOOOOQOOO
OOOO OOOCTOOr ' ¦- » « OOOOOOO O.OOC
oooo oooooo ¦ — """"""""""""" > ™ — " I ™""""" — " — ¦¦¦¦¦¦ ooooooo oooc
OOOO OOOOOC OOOOOOOOOOOOOO OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO OOOOOOO OOOC
OOOC OOOOOC. 00000 OO OCOOOOOOOOOOOCOOOOOOOOOO o^i^i-." n o <"> *THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, APRIL 11, 1901.
10
BA.7T FRAJCCISCO CAXrL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of The San Francisco
C«.l. corner of Market and Third streets; open
until 32 o'clock every night In the year.
BKANCHT OFFICES— 327 Montgomery, street,
copier Clay; open until 9^20 d. m.
TOO Hayes street; open until ?:S9 p. ra.
€33 McAllister street: open until 9:30 p. m.
OS Larkln street; op' until 8:30 p. m.
ir>«l Mission Btreet: open until 10 p. m.
r?61 Market Btreet. corner sixteenth; open
until S t>. m.
106 Eleventh street; open until 9 p. m.
NjrtS6 Valencia street : open nntll 9 p. m.
Northwest corner Twent— second and Ken-
tucky streets; open until 9 p. m.
MEETING NOTICES.
>tTNERAL NOTICE— California Com- .jt
macdery No. 1. K. T.-OCicers and "K»5
member* are hereby notified to a»sem- IR|
ble in the asylum for the purpose of IQ0
conducting the funeral of cur deceased w
f rater Sir WILLIAM HENRY BIRCH, on
l?rUKSDAT. April li. 1901. at 1:45 o'clock p.
in ehan>. By order of
m. enarjK^ y__ p T ITCS. Commander.
SIR HIRAM T. GRAVES, Recorder.
A REGULAR meeting of Terba Buena m&l
Lodge of Perfection No. 1, A. and A- yr
Scottish Kite of Freemasonry, will be A
held la Commandery Hall. _Masonlc Jg^
Temple, on THURSDAY EVENING,^*'
April 1L 1901. at S o'clock. Agrees Eleven,
Twelve and Thirteen. EURXER _
"sS? m£5n e g r %fa%%O&n8S>jL,
EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock. Royal O
Arch Degree. By order of the H. P. '
jyp. R. HILLMAN. Secretary-
CALIFORNIA Lodge No. 1, F. and A. m .
M^TWill meet THIS (THURSDAY) Jk
EVENING, April 11, at 7:30 o'clock. VZj!
Second Degree. By order of the Mas- / V '
terT FRANKLIN H. DAY. Secretary.
FIDELITY Lodge No. 120, J^-* 1^ A- M. •
Special meeting THIS (THURSDAY) Jl^
EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock. Third De- jLjX
rree. Master Masons cordially invited. / V ¦»
By " Cr FREDERICK BARRY. Secretary.
SOUTH BAN FRANCISCO Lodge No. •
213, F. and A. M., meets THIS _/\_,
(THURSDAY) EVENING at 7:30 ]\2\
EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock. First De- JijX
gree Masons are Invited. By order of / '
tb * Maste j jf_ GOLDSMITH. Secretary, j
PACIFIC Lodge No. 165, I. O. O. ,^§y____5gfe,
F.— OZScers and members are
hereby notified to meet at the
lodgeroom at 1 p. m. TO-DAY to _ '„
attend the funeral of our late brother, WIL-
LIAM H. BIRCH. P. O kAUpNER _ £ Q<
FRANKLIN- M. CARSON. Secretary.
PRESIDIO Lodge No. S34. I. O. O.
F Octavia et.. Dear Union.
Grand Master W. W.- Watson will
pay official visit TO-NIGHT. '"¦*'
Members requested and visitors invited to at-
tend. J. P. PETERSEN. N. G.
COURT BONITA No. 43. F. of A.— To—^
the officers and members of Court Bo- {*T
nlta No. 43, F. of A.— You are hereby _j»\
notified to assemble- at your hall, **->
Twenty-fourth and Folsom sts., TO-DAY,
THURSDAY. April U, at 12:30 p. m.. to at-
tend the funeral of our deceased brother,
JOSEPH F. DUGGAN, from his late resi-
dence, 26 Antonia street. By order
JOHN O"CALLAGHAN, C. R.
D. O'CALLAGHAX, Financial Secretary.
THE Ean Francisco Scottish Thistle v VT Si,
i-lub meets THIS (THURSDAY) C\ C*U/j
EVENING, Fraternity Hall, 32 > t*_XS_*
CFarrell st.. at 8 o'clock. Mem-
bers desiring- to attend the "Tatie and Her-
rin" supper to be held on the 25th inst.
should attend. .
GEORGE MILLER, Royal Chief.
GEORGE W. PATERSON. Recorder.
ST] ANDREWS Society— Annual v >»,
family picnic will be held at Fair- tMV/2
fax Park on SATURDAY, May "*_*X£fc
4. 1901. St. Andrew's Society of
Oakland -will participate.
ALLAN POLLOCK, President.
GEO. ST. JOHN BREMNER. Sec. r
HOISTING Engineers' Union Local No. 59 will
meet THURSDAY EVENING at Marine Fire-
man's Hall.
ADOPTIOX.
GOOD home open for healthy boy and girl
babies. MRP. DR. FUNKE. 1416 Sth. Alameda.
AGEXTS WASTED.
AGENTS wanted— "Aguinaldo and Hero Funs-
ton," by Murat HaJstead, Philippine histor-
ian; swift, sure seller; write to-day for pros-
pectus and territory. Halstead Publishing
Co.. Cincinnati, Ohio.
AGENTS— Do you want something more profit-
able and easier to sell than books or lnsur-
ance? Ad. F. PERSON, r. 412. Parrott bldg.
AGENTS -wanted: city and country. 3 Taylor Bt.
ASPHALTUM ROOFIXG.
J. PELTIER, asphalt roofing, sidewalks re-
palred; postal. 1186 Mission; lei. Folsom 1607.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free: divorce law a specialty; private;
-- fee without success; collectlcns. G. W.
HOWE, atty at law. 850 Market., cor. Stocktn.
J. H. McKNIGHT, collections; damages: es-
tates; mining: open even. 692 Parrott bldg.
ADVICE free; no charges unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. 827 Market St., opp. Mason.
L. S. CLARK, Emma Spreckels bldg.. S27 Mar-
ket 6t.; consultation free: no fees In advance.
DOAUDING KOR CHILDREN.
WIDOW with child wishes 2 or 3 children to
board; large yard; best of care. 1607 Cali-
fornia Et. .. ¦_
NICE family wishes to take care of 1 or 2 chll-
flren: near school. 4iO Taylor Et. '
IJISIXESS CHAXCES.
A — $650; PARTNER wanted la commission
business. Call R. G. WILKE. 28^ Kearny.
A— J4000; SALOON on Market St.; place estab-
lished many years and doing a large' busi-
ness; net rent $135: sickness in family com-
I«?l<! owner to sacrifice; a mint. Call R. G.
AVILKE, 26>4 Kearny st.
A— $2000; PARTNER vr anted In old established
flower store with nursery, hothouse, etc.;
boiler, horses, wagons, plants and trees of
all description; established many years and
doing a money making business. Particulars
R. G. WILKE, 26% Kearny st.
A— J1000; FIRST-CLASS and elegantly fitted up
restaurant; choicest downtown location; do-
ing a good paying business :' rent $50; a rare
business offer. Call R, G. WILKE. 26H
Kearny et.
A— $1300; DELICACY and provision 6tore; 1
block from Market St.; dally receipts from
135 to $40; a first-class, paying business. Call
R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A-J1S00; SALOON In wholesale district; no
night or Sunday work; rent J50; daily re-
ceipts $20; good business: owner engaged
otherwise. Call R. G. WILKE. 26^4 Kearny.
A— SCjO; SALOON; corner; only one bloci STof
Market Bt.: net rent $35; a" first-class paying
business. Inquire R. G. WILKE, 264 Kear-
ny et.
J 1700— RESTAURANT: choice location; elegant
fixtures; daily receipts $65 to $70; sells only
on account of disagreement of partners; look
at It; genuine bargain. LUNDIN & CO 906
Market St., and 9 Ellis st.
KKSTAURANT; eood location; cheap rent:
daily receipts $16 to $20: make offer to-day
must be sold. LUNDIN & CO.. 906 Market st.
lMi CIGAR stands, 200 groceries and bars.
SOO candy and icecream stores, tOO restaurants.
f'OU Mores of all kinds; partners wanted.
Parties . with 1100 up can be suited. If you
want to buy a business call and see us
WALTER HAYES k. CO.. 838 Market st.
KOR private sale: some of the best saloons In
the city. WALTER HAYES & CO.. SSS Mkt.
ftl'UCIAL NOTICE— We have several excep-
tionally desirable candy, notion bakery and
lunch, procery and bar and delicatessen
Etorea: a!so restaurants, barber shops and
EEdloORs. FISHER & CO.. £25 Market st.
J210— PARTNER wanted Jn an old established
fai?h' business; owner well known practical
business man; profits average $S0 a month
to each. Particulars with DOXXELLY &
CO.. C2 Market st. $?*
A— $300: RESTAURANT: no better location In
the city; this is positively worth over $1008
but it must go Immediately. Business Board
of Trade. 326 Pine st.; phone Davis S26.
FORTUNES in oil; a new book Jast out. ex-
plaining how large fortunes have been made
In oil and how it Is possible to share in thos«
which are to be made in the future. BECK-
LEY & CO., Bankers, SO Broadway, New
Yorl^
WANTED— Men of means to put a patented
article on the market. N. . DOBBINS. 3&
Stockton st.
BUTCHER shop and fruit store In Mission:
fitted up perfectly; owner going to a min-
ing town; selling s.t a sacrifice. JOSEPH
I BAILIE. 759 Market st.. phone black .4371.
$:.no — BAKBnR shop: barsaih; poing Hast caaw
of rale. MCLAUGHLIN & CO.. 777»* Market
11600— CORNER -wine and liquor, store; splen-
did chance: to be sold at once, having othei
business: l«rge bcsenient; new;
5-year lease: rent $40. Box 29;9. Call office.
BRANCH bakery, notions and candles. 130!
Mission st.
BUSINESS CHANCES Continued..
A^GENTLEM'AN^re^resrntl1iifflor > 'j>everal years
a large California house would like to make
other connections in canned and dried fruit?,
beans, etc.; best references furnished If neces-
sary. Address room 311. Beard of Trade build-
ing:. New Orlean*.^ ¦ '
$100— GOOD paying business; dairy, produce,
and delicacy store; rent $12; call early; leav-
ing- city. 324 Fifth St.; furniture Included.
CLD established corner saloon; 2 sunny living
rooms; no reasonable offer refused. 554 4th.
WILL rent, long lease, newly furnished res-
taurant; cheap rent. Address box 2933. Call.
OUTSIDE route on this paper for sale. Apply
Call Business office.
EXCEPTIONAL OPPORTUXITY for mechanic
with some little capital to obtain paying posi-
tion In a new furniture manufacturing com-
pany. Address O. P.. box 2827, Call office.
CHOICE corner saloon; good location; paying
business. Apply NE. corner Seventh and
Kolsom sts. . '
RESTAURANT ; (good location; cheap rent;
dally receipts $16 to $20; make offer to-day;
must be sold. C19 Sacramento st.
A RARE CHANCE— A well established coffee
saloon and restaurant for sale. 511 Montgom-
ery Et. ¦
MAN with $300 to Join advertiser to work pla-
cer claim at Cape Nome. Box 2433. Call.
SALOON for eale opposite the ferry. Apply
111 East St.. north of Market. -
FOB. SALE— A first-class restaurant; average
sales f45 per day. Box 2968, Call office.
PHOTO supplies, developing and printing; a
good paying business for >300. 2204 Flllmore.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencla at.
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
SELECT A HOUSE FROM ALL
.....;. .THE BARGAINS IN THE CITY
A— 100 houses not listed with other agents.
16 rooms; corner; fine for transient $1000
10 rooms; on Eddy St., near Market BOO
14 rooms on Third st. near Market 650
14 rooms on Mission st 650
40 rooms: rent $60; clears $150 1000
24' rooms; north of Market; clears $200... 2000
27 rooms; Just finished; very fine..: 2S0O
24 rooms on Geary et.; clears $135 1900
44 rooms: positively the best; clears $200.. 6000
E6-room House; clears $S00 6000
EO-room boarding-house; clears $600 5000
8-room flat; sunny side 700
6-room flat; very good 325
600 other houses, 3 to 700 rooms.
ABSTRACTS FREE. PHONE MINT 796.
J100.000 to loan at 1V4 per cent.
H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market St.. opp. Sth.
ATTENTION, SELLER— I can Bell your house
or real estate for you. DECKER, 1020 Market.
A. CAMERON & CO.,
850 Market st. and 8 Stockton st.
Rooms 21, 22 and 23. Phone Bush 328.
If you have hotel, rooming-house or business
to sell list with us. We have cash customers
for all sizes and prices.
Buyers, see our list cf bargains:
S4 rooms, Van Ness; rent $180: "boarding
house; good furniture and carpets $3500
31 room; Market; rent $150; good transient;
always full; good Investment $1400
35 rooms ; Howard ; rent $80; gpod transient
house; pays well ~. WOO
20 rooms; Turk; rent $S0; new $1300
12 rooms; rent $65; riardwood furniture; good
carpets; clears $100; private boardmg-house.$1100
15 rooms; rent $70; elegant furniture, with
piajio; always full; table board •. $1100
Inventories and legal papers typewritten; rea-
sonable . rates. •
SELECT YOUR HOUSE FROM THK
LARGEST LIST IN TOWN.
E rooms; fine location; elegant furnlture.$2jJ
11 rooms; always full; good income: only.$r.00
38 rooms; punny corner; cheap rent $1003
27 rooms; apartment house- well furn — $6".&
46 rooms: downtown; a wise investment. $2650
8S rooms: modern house; clears $150 mo. .$9500
350 rooms: first-class hotel; bus. people.. $25,0W>
Hundreds to choose from $100 to $100,000
Also boarding-houses and country hotels.
See our special bargain list before buying.
WALTER HAYES & CO.. 83S Market st.
SEE OUR LIST OF 200 HOUSES BEFORE
buying. We have them all sizes and prices;
60 rooms, close in, elevator, etc $4500
12 rooms, new, clean; clears $50 900
34 rooms, sunny corner, good condition 1000
30 rooms, all conveniences, select, central. 8000
11 rooms, only J200 cash, balance pay-
ments •••• 500
Vacant houses furnished
We furnish the money— you pay as you can.
DONALD INVESTMENT CO.. 850 Market st.
JOSEPH BAILIE, 759 Market; phone Black 4071
8 rooms; rent $20: Sacramento st $175
16 rooms; rent $35;. Third st $550
14 rooms; rent $50: Taylor st $750
15 rooms; rent $72 SO; Sutter st $350
20 rooms and six kitchens; Ellis st $1600
Many others to choose from.
MORTGAGED HOUSES THAT MUST SELL.
21 rooms; new; near Market s^ $1350
20 rooms; central; part cash 1000
32 rooms; corner; good house 2700
24 rooms; offer wanted; see it 1000
47 rooms: rent only $60 1100
WINSTON & WOLF. 1026 Market st
LODGING-HOUSES, boarding-houses and ho-
tels to suit every buyer; this office Is licensed;
I am established since 1S92; I -loan money to
buyers; general Eatlsf action guaranteed. Call
G. W. SCHWEINHARD. phone Mint 1911.
Rooms 1, 2. No. 917 Market St., opp. Mason.
FISHER & CO., 935 Market St., opp. Mason.
48 rooms; north of Market; only $1600
16 rooms; Hyde: very finely furnished.... 600
20 rooms; rent $50; location desirable 900
• If a bargain we have them at any price.
18 ROOMS; Fifth St.; rent $55; price $1000.
12 rooms; Mason st. ; rent $45; price $750.
35 rooms on Howard; rent $80; price $1000.
19 rooms on Grant ave.; rent $75; price $1500.
EUREKA REAL ESTATE. 2S Sixth st.
14 SUNNY rooms; rent ouly $70 $170")
. 17 rooms; all light:! transient 1550
45 rooms; Post; hair can stand 250')
35 Tooms: Howard: well rented 1000
EITEL & CARROLL, moved to 1032 Market. '
__ _ . _____
¦ M. GRIFFIN. 719 Market Bt.— By Call bldg.
1 have houses ot all sizes and prices for sale
and exchange. I will lend you ¦ part of the
money and get you a eood title.
$750—12 NEWLY furnished rooms; all full
steady roomers ; central. ' D. McRAE, 837
Mission st. •
$650— A BARGAIN: IB rooms. BOO block on El-
lls st, D. McRAE, 837 Mission st.
$7500 — A SNAP— 30-room nearly new hotel, with
2 stores; large lot: main street. Alameda;
will exchange. Apply A. M. SPECK & CO.,
667 Market Bt.
14 ROOMS, central; transient; neatly -urnlshed:
¦ rent $40: bargain. Donnnliy Co.. 3-12 Market.
SPIRITUALISM.
ARRIVED— The celebrated gypsy Prince Les-
ter, whose free tests, calling your name, the
name of the one you love and the name of the
one you will marry; the only medium In the
world so sure of his occult power that he will
give every person who comes prepared a won-
derful free test. Call or write, with stamps
for answers. 1382 Market St., opp. Seventh.
AFTER a severe illness, Mrs. Dr. Farnham, the
world-renowned spiritual medium; advice in
, all affairs of life; lawsuits, divorces, deaths;
unites th*e separated: mining «. specialty; cir-
cles Sun.. Wed., FrI. eve.; letters answered.
' Rcsid. (no signs). E13 Eddy. bet. Hyde-Larkin.
A— MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance, business
medium, life reader, medical clairvoyant; slt-
tlngs ?L 1164 O'Farrell, nr. Gough. Ellis car.
MRS. EBERHARDrS convincing spirit mes-
eages to-night, 10c. 3250 Twenty-second Bt. ;
telephone Blue $54.
MRS MAXWELL, meeting Tues. Wed., 1238
Howard: Thurs. 117 ., Larkln, lower hall;
Wrenn, Swan. .. ¦
GRAND meeting to-night; 117 Larkln, lowei
hall; convincing test Maxwell-Wrenn-Swan.
MME. YOUNG'S convincing test circle to-
night. .603 McAllister; 10c; come skeptics.
. MRS. LOUISE 8. DREW, Psychic, Electric
and Magnetic Healer. Room 14, 305 Larkin st.
Mrs. Gillingham, spiritual test meeting, 8 p. m.,
10c; sealed quest. 305 Larkin, cor. McAllister.
EARLE. 622 Geary St., telephone Polk 1297—
Readings daily; seances Tues. and Thurs.
FRIENDSHIP Hall. 335 McAllister— Mrs. C. J.
Meyer: sittings daily; tests to all to-night: 10c;
1 ' CLAIRVOYANTS.
; ......
MME. M. BERNARD,
THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, permanent-
ly, located 17 Third st..- next Examiner bldg.
She reads your life correctly, gives an accur-
ate description of the past, reveals the present
happenings and portrays events to occur in th<
future. If you are In trouble.discontented, un-
happy or not satisfied in life, or have domes-
tic, love or business troubles, . consult this
great medium and you will be told how tc
overcome them. Valuable advice in all affairs
of life; 25c up; perfect batisf action guaranteed.
MRS. DR. F. CLARK, the well-known tranc«
medium. Is permanently located at 1206 Mar-
ket Et.. corner Golden Gate ave.. rooms Z
and 26; take elevator. Perfect satisfaction
guaranteed by mail: send stamp for pam-
phlet with special terms. Dally and Sunday.
MME. ARNDT, the great clairvoyant, telli
past and future; never falls; ha« the greatesi
Egyptian secret; shows picture of future hus-
band or wife; fees 25o up; satisfaction tc
. j everybody; tips on races. 215% Sixth st. ¦
- VIRGINIA, clairvoyant, palmist; advice on ai:
r affairs of life; business, "love, mining, law-
; suits. 26% Kearny. r. S. 6: hrn. 10 to 12. 1 to 7,
ISM AH. the Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant and
» palmist, permanently located 1148 Market, op.
Cth; private readings daily, 10 a. m. to 5 p.m.
? PHONE : RED. 2334 x • , , !i
! John Elder Go. . i
Real Estate Auctioneers ffi Business A£ts» f ;
? 22 KEARNY STREET ,. . ?
« '¦•.'. .'./. SAN FRANCISCO, CAU \[
I <9^U* iS^^^*^, -Apr. 9 , 'f °^ ;;
!! Business Manager, , r
' I have had an advertisement in '/The;
i.Call 1 'how for some time, and am so well;;
¦ pleased with the results obtained from it ;
' that you will please run the inclosed ad.: !
' vertisement under ' 'Furniture Wanted 1 ' un-.l
; til forbidden. . ;
\. Yours truly,' "
CLAIRVOYANTS— ContjUined^
MME PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader born with double veil— second sight;
diagnoses disease with life reading; ladles 50c,
gents $1; palm, and clalr. sit. $1 60. 126 Turk.
MME. LAROSE. best clairvoyant, card reader,
test medium: 25c up. 472 Stevenson st.,cor.6th.
MRS. MELVILL, well-known clairvoyant.water
reader. 11 6th;German spoken; tel. Ho ward 1846.
MME. ZEREDA, the gypsy, Is the great palm-
ist and card reader; 25c up. 7 Seventh Bt.
YOUNG Zemdar, clairvoyant business medium;
names given; L. 50c. G. SI. 1203 Mkt., cor. 8th.
MME. RENNER, life, planet reader, .palmistry ;
ladies only; 25c and 50c. 723 Ellis st.' ... :
MME. SCHAFFER. clairvoyant, card reader;
sittings daily. 448',6 Jessie St.. bet. 5th and 6th.
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
palmistry; truth or no pay; 25c. 1149 Mission.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
advice; names given; 25c up. -5 Fourth st.
CARPET BEATING AND CLEANING.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDINCS'B Pioneer Carpet-Beat-
ing Works, 353-357 Tehama st.; tel. South 40.
SANITARY cleaning and dyeing company.
342-344 McAllister St.; phone South 146.
CITY Steam Carpet-Beating Works. G. H.
STEVENS, mgr., 38-40 Sth St.; tel. - South 250.
J. E. MITCHELL, Carpet-Beating and Reno-
vating Co., 240 Fourteenth St.; tel. Mission 74.
ADVANCE Carpet-Cleaning Co., 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Maine 394. GEO. WALCOM. Proprietor.
CARPETS cleaned at I he lowest rates. STRAT-
'f ON. 3 Eighth' st. Telephone Jesse 944.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-Beating Works, 333 Golden
Gate' ave.; telephone East 12G. '
~~ CHIROPODISTS.
CORNS, bunldns, ingrown nails, warts, chil-
blains; painless cure. Dr. Duncan, 415 Sutter.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency— No charge un-
less successful. Room 310, 927 Market St.
~ DENTISTS.
AT~the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC, S09 Mar-
ket St., cor. 4th, rm. 7, Flood bldg., you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns,
J3 £0 up; plates, extractions free, $4 50 up; of-
fice hours, 9 a. m. to 10 p. m. : Sundays, 9 to 2
p. m. J. W. THATCHER. M. P., Manager.
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, bridges
and fillings; extractions or fillings by my
wonderful secret, painless method; 20 years'
experlpnce; no, students: advice free; prices
cheapest and .guaranteed; lady attendants.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell st.
A— NEW unbreakable plate, the ' Rose Pearl,
warranted for 20 years; crowns, $3 50; fillings,
EOc; plates, $5; full set; all work painless and
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth.
DR. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 Market, nr. Eleventh
• —No charge for extracting when plates are
made; old plates made. over like new; teeth
from $8 per Bet: extracting, 60c; gaa given.
MEYER, 6 Turk— Painl-ess extraction; vitalized
air;cruwns;bridgewotk. Open Sundays to 12 m.
PARIS Dental Parlor, 235 Kearny, cor. Bush—
Full set of teeth. $4; crowns, $3;' fillings, 2Sc.
DR.R.L. WALSH, 815% Geary, nr. Larkln— Pain-
less extraction 50c; plates $5 up ;phone Polk 1135.
DR. H. G. TRUEMAN, dentist, third floor. Ex-
aminer building; formerly In Murphy bldg.
LOWEST prices in S. F. Painless extraction,
EOc.. N. Y. Dentists, 9G9 Mission st. cor. 6th.
VAN VROOM— "Painless" ; evenings and Sun-
days. 1001 Market st. corner Sixth.
SET of teeth without plates. : DR. H.' G.
YOUNG. 1241 Polk St. ¦ ¦ •¦ -
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School—
Class rates; patterns cut. 1019 Market st.
ACCORDEON pleatlnsr; country orders prompt
attention. 121 Post, o^er O'Connor & Moffatt.
EDUCATIONAL. .
G^aTSIagheR^MARSH TJofiegei ParrotTbldg —
Shorthand, typing and bookkeeping; Robert F.
Gallagher, expert court reporter, . teacher of
shorthand; reportorlal phrasing taught; prac-
. tlcal bookkeeping, full course, $50; catalogue.
i HBALD'S BUSINESS- COLLEGE, 24 Post St.,
S. F.— Bookkeeping, shorthand, typing, lan-
' guages, telegraphy, English branches, civil,
, electrical and mining engineering, etc. ; day
& night cessions: new SO-page catalogue free.
; AYRES' Business College, 723 Market St.— Day
& eve.; bookkeeping, shortland, typing, teleg-
raphy, etc.; life scholarship, . $50; individual
! instruction; positions secured catalogue free.
A — THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
ecliool for the university, law and medical
colleges: references. President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building. ;
. PRIVATE teacher, with several years' suc-
cessful experience, desires a few pupils - in
Eng. branches; special attention young chil-
dren; best refs. 19 Glen Park, bet. 12th & 13th.
! CALIFORNIA BUSINESS COLLEGE has posi-
tions guaranteed to it by written contract and
can therefore with confidence guarantee posi-
tiens to all Its graduates. SC5 Larkln st.
. ENGINEERING— Civil, elec.,mining,mech.,sur-
vey, assay, cyanide; day, eve.; est. 1S64. Van
der Nalllen School; 113 Fulton, nr. City-Hall.
- A FULL course of Ellis bookkeeping and the
! Gregg shorthand costs only 160. San Fran-
¦ Cisco Business College, 1236 Market st.
f A SPECIALTY— Perfecting beginners; business
college graduates: bookkeeping; figures: short
; time. TARR. exp. acct.. 220 Parrott bldg.
MERRILL-MILLER College, shorthand and
typing, removed to new quarters, rms. 40-45,
: Parrott bldg.; indlvld. Instruction; catalogue.
! PROF. MERKI, from Paris.* violin. - mandolin,
guitar: experienced. 1008 Mission st. .. •
• CROW'S Dancing Academy; private or class;
waltz a specialty. 615 Post st.
- ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping,' grammar, writing,
etc.: day or eve.; $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
t ILLUSTRATION— PARTINGTON'S DAY and
j ILLUSTRATION— night class. 424 Pine st. ¦
- . j EMPLOYMENT OFFICES. V-
' NEW office; Italian, American and French em-
' ployment office — Wanted— Cooks, waiters and
; all kinds of workingmen. A.BALDASSI &
i CO., 206 Montgomery ave. ' ¦ '
• JAPANESE - Employment Office and . House-
: cleaning Co., best help: send men at short
. notice. 1125 Sutter, nr.- Polk: tel. Larkin 2391.
• JAPANESE and Chinese help of= all kinds;
cooks, waiters and house servants. GEO.
J AOKI & CO., 421 Post St.; tel. Bush 135.
¦ JAPANESE, central housecleanfng & employ-
> ' xnent; all kinds help. 1046 Sutter; tel. East 203.
• RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese employment of-
1 fice; . all kinds help. . 315 Stockton ; Main . B188.
. ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese. Chl-
- net-e help. 4JS Powell.nr. Sutter: tel. Black 5072.
. CHINESE * and Japanese employment f office^
Best help. 7 411% O'Farrell Bt; tel/ East 426. <~*
EMPLOYMENT WANTED— FEMALE.
A YOUNG girl wishes a situation In a small
• family to assist : In light housework. Call or
- address 23 Federal, bet.. First and Second,
Bryant and Brannan. ' •
BY May 1, situation wanted by a refined young
woman as companion, care of Invalid or chil-
dren; city ref.; wages $25 to $30; country pre-
ferred. Address 'American, box 2923. Call.
LADY with several years' experience, either as
. stenographer, cashier, reception lady or lady a
companion; best Chicago references. Box
2979, Call. '- . - . ' ¦ ' •¦
YOUNG Swedish lady wants a nice position,
' with boy 7 years old; references; no objection
to country. Address P. K., 641 First ave.,
Richmond. . ¦ .- . ..'"'•
STRONG, good, willing, woman; great house-
cleaner; can do most any kind of work; good
references; wages $1 per day and car fare;
good washer flannels. 726 Mission, downstairs.
COMPETENT woman wants place as . cook,
willing to assist In general work; small fam-
ily; wages $25 to $30. 608 Franklin St., cor.
McAllister. . ¦¦¦
COMPETENT woman wants work by the day
washing. Ironing and cleaning. Call or ad-
dress C15 -Birch ave., bet.- Laguna and Bu-
• chanan sts. . : ¦
SWEDISH lady wishes ladles' fine clothes to
laundry. At 111 California ave., between
.Twenty-eighth and Twenty-ninth, off Mission.
YOUNG Swedish girl wants situation; general
housework and . plain cooking. Call at 208V4
Eleventh st. . I
WANTED— Housework by woman of 45 years.
Call or address MRS. P., 304 Stockton it- .
YOUNG girl wishes light housework from 2
to 7 p. m. 415 Stockton st.
GERMAN girl wishes general housework. 415
Stockton st. - _^
MIDDLE-AGED American woman, refined and
trustworthy, wishes situation as ' working
housekeeper: good cook. MRS. M. LISTON,
Station M, Richmond district. ¦ • . ¦ .
YOUNG lady wishes a position to assist In' of-
fice work and stenography. Box 2967, Call.
WOMAN will so house-cleaning and- washing
by the day; $1 25. MRS. H., 26^ Rltch st. •
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St., near Mar-
ket— 200 rooms; 25c to $150 per night; $150 to
$6 week: convenient and respectable; frea 'bus
. and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
. subscriptions- has been established .at 1096
Valencia Bt. > - ¦ . ' - . - -
EMPLOYMENT WANTED— MALE.
SITUATION wanted by temperate young man
to look after gentleman's place; understands
the care of horses and carriages; is a first-
class butter maker; understands the use of
hand separator; also good milker; under-
stands the rearing of chickens ; general all
around man. Box -2985, Call office.
MIDDLE-AGED man desires situation In pri-
vate residence: good gardener; first-class man
with* horses; handy- with tools or take care
of invalid.- Box 2951, Call office.
YOUNG man from the East desires position in
some hotel; clerking preferred; bonds fur-
nished. Address P. A. B., Yosemlte House,
. 1045 Market st. . ¦ .- .-' ¦ .
YOUNG man, German, would like position as
bartender; city or country; best of refer-
ences. ' Address G. M., 1104 Larkin et. . :
INDUSTRIOUS German gardener, willing and
obliging, wants position In ' private - family.
Bummer resort. Institution; can care for lawn,
flowers, vegetables, ¦ horses, cows; all round
man; very handy and useful; good refer-
ences. Box 2935, 'Call. „ '
MIDDLE-AGED man wants work In private
family: used to horses, garden, cooking: use-
ful in general; wages moderate ; ref erences.
Address .box- 2216, Call office. .
-WANTED— By married manj no children,
steady position as blacksmith; good- all
around smith; city or country. 3876 Silver
near Thirty-eighth. Oakland.
SHAPER hand, band sawyer and shop
draughtsman wants steady work, city or
country. \ Address L. ESSICH, t 701 Castro St.,
Oakland. -.-•-.
MAN, 41. smart and active, desires light em-
ployment; moderate salary. L. H., box^971.
Call office.* ¦' - - ;.
YOUNG man desires position With civil en-
glneer as rodman or chalnman. Address 593
. O'Farrell st: ' • - -
YOUNG man with references desires position
with a mining company.' Address Engineer,
593 OTarrell st. • " ¦
YOUNG man wishes a position as assistant
, bookkeeper and typewriter. Address F. A.,
164B . Russ St. . ' . ' , -. - - - i
YOUNG man wishes a position as bartender;
can speak French and English; is a musi-
clan. 81S Pacific st. i
SITUATION wanted by an experienced chil-
dren's first and second laster In shoe factory.
S. SENTO, 1300 Turk st. corner Webster.
GARDENER wishes situation; can take care of
horses, cows, poultry, run gasoline engine.
Address box 2961. Call.
SITUATION by a first-class gardener; Swiss;
'single; best references giveny private place.
Gardener, 604 Broadway. .
A GRADUATE In pharmacy wants employ-
ment In city or country: • single, man. Ad-
dress Druggist^ box 292L Call. :.-; -
CARPENTER wants steady work: would ln-
.vest small capital. Box 2S63, Call office. ;
YOUNG honest l Japanese boy Wants situation
as schoolboy in the city. Address T. SUGU-
_ KAWA. 113 Church st
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore st.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call, 16. pages, sent to any address In . the
United States or Canada one year fjr $L
postage paid. ¦ ¦
KINANCIAIi. "
FOR INVESTORS!!! ~
I OFFER FOR SALE
Unimproved and Income city property; gilt-
edge bonds and stocks of eleotrlc. gas. rail-
road and Industrial corporations ; money to
loan; Investments made; bank, references; cor-
respondence solicited.
¦ T. OTWAY SADLEIR,
' Room 40, J10 Pine st,.
¦ San Francisco.
$6000 LOAN wanted on Improved ranch prop-
• erty within 65 miles of S. F.; will pay 8 pet
cent net. Box 2843. Call office. ¦
• 'FLATS TO , LET.
NEW flat 6 rooms and bath. 1261A' Mission at.
SUNNY rear flat 4 rooms. , 119 Leavenworth;
.. apply upper rear flat. ' ' ' > '--•.'-'
-$11 50— REAR; sunny 5 rooms; 2-story house.
- 2510 California - st. ; ¦ apply middle flat. V. .- .
CARPETS In a 6-room flat for sale and flat
.to let. 2476 Bush st.v bet. ; 1 and 5 p. m. ¦•
NICE eunny ¦ flat ; corner; . 7 . rooms and * bath.
402 .Nlnth-at.- ; ¦ ¦:.- ¦ ..:_-- .:.
$6 50^FLAT of 8 rooms. 246 Harriet st.;: bet
Sixth and Seventh. Harrison and i Bryant ;
FtRSITURE FOR SALE.
FURNITURE and carpets of 40 rooms; must be
i' sold; building to be torn down. Apply 309
i Powell Bt. between 1 and "4 p. m. only.
; 4. ROOMS furnished In cak, $18 60. with No. 7
range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
ASSORTMENTS of furniture, carpets and
stoves; give us a trial. 1114 Mission st.
. FURNITURE WASTED.
TO receive highest value for furniture, carpets,
etc.. see W.E.Cody. 7S7 Mission,; tel. Red 3353.
AUCTIONEER John Elder, 22 Kearny. buys &
¦ sells your bus..merchandlse,fur.,carpet3., etc.
IF you want to sell furn., rndse., etc., see J. A.
Munro & Co., 240 Stockton st. ; tel. James 1341.
A. WOLLPERT. 773 Mission st. pays highest
price for second-hand furniture: .tel. Red 1354.
Auctioneer— L. Vincent. 1205 Larkin; tel. Polk 894;
furniture & furn'd houses bought; spot cash.
CHA8. LEVY buys ycur furniture, carpets,
pianos, etc. 1135 Market St.; tel. Jessie 761.
help Wanted — fehale.
AT C. R. HANSEN '&c6^.^PhmitGnMtlas
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
.'Waitress, country hotel, fare paid $22 50
Chambermaid, same house, straight work. .$20
2 waitresses, country, short distance $25
2 waitresses, commercial hotel, fare paid. ..$25
2 waitresses, south.. ..fare paid $25
10 waitresses, city, restaurants and hotels
:..;...'.; ...:.$25 to $30
.Chambermaid, city, straight work $20
Chambermaid, nleep home...... $5 a week
Hotel, resort and restaurant cooks.. $30 to $40
..FAMILY DEPARTMENT
A woman with a 'Child, country, $20, see
party here; a woman with a child, to cook
< for four men, see party here, $15; cooks,
house girls, nurse girls, second girls, city
and country.
C. R. HANSEN & CO... ..........104 Geary st.
A GERMAN or Scandinavian girl, who Is a
good cook and do housework; good wages;
office fee paid by lady.
C. R. HANSEN & CO .........104 Geary st.
NURSE girl; care small children; good homo;
. choice place. . .
¦ C. R. HANSEN & CO ;....1O4 Geary st.
A HOUSE girl"*"and cook for small American
family, city, $20 to $25.
C. R. HANSEN & CO 104 Geary st.
MRS. M. E. DAY & CO...... Phone Main 1575
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Head waitress, first-class summer resort, $30;
7 waitresses, commercial' hotel, $20 and $25;
2 waitresses, city, $25, room out; 2 waitress-
es, $20; chambermaid to wait, * $20; cook,
small resort. $35, see party here.
FAMILY DEPARTMENT
Houseglrl, small American family, $20;
housegirl, 2 in family, Alameda, $25, see lady
here; many other choice places. MRS. M. E.
DAY & CO.. 335 Geary st.
TWO cleaners; good; $1 day; city. DAY & CO.
WANTED— A large number of cooks, . second
girls, nurses, waitresses and girls for house-
work for city and country at best of wages;
too many places to advertise particulars; any
girls wanting domestic work can secure a
¦ situation by calling upon J. F. CROSETT &
CO.. 316 Sutter st. ¦ ¦ ¦;
A— WANTED — Woman attendant for chil-
dren in Institution, short distance in
country, $20 and found first month and In-
crease to $25. W. D. EWER & CO., 610 Clay.
A— GOVERNESS to take full charge of and
teach two grown children on a ranch; must
teach music; woman over 25 years of age;
wages $25 to $30. Address with references,
box 2980, Call, office. . .....*
WANTED— Girl to assist in light . housework
and plain cooking In small family: wages
from $12 to $15;- car fare paid. ' Call before
1 p. m.. 1871 Page Bt. • -. •
GIRL cook and general housework, adults and
children; best wages. 56 Belvedere St., be-
tween Frederick and Waller, Cole and Clay-
ton. -• - ' ¦'' .
STENOGRAPHER to do light office work for
small salary and learn a good profession.
' Hoover University' of Physical Culture-. 1327
Market st. • , .
-WANTED— Girl for second work, small fam-
ily; city references required; wages $25. Ap-
ply 10 to 12 or 6 to 6, 2108 Jackson Bt. • ••
EXPERIENCED alteration hands on cloaks
and suits. DAVIS, SCHONWASSER & CO.,
134 Post St. "
YOUNG lady for bookkeeper and cashier. Ap-
ply mall only, ALFRED LILIENFELD. 903
Market st. . •
GIRL or woman for housework and plain cook-
ing. 9 Glen Park ave., off Twelfth, near
Mission. .
A LADY of Indomitable energy, possessed of
self-assertion; good opportunity to right par-
ty. F. PERSON, room 412, Parrott building.
GOOD alteration hands on cloaks and suits at
E. MESSAGER'S. 145 Post st. . ..: . ¦ ¦ ¦
GOOD suit and Jacket fitter at E. MESSA-
GER'S. 145 Post at.
GOOD waitress wanted In email home res-
taurant. 183 Seventh st.
NEAT girl for housework. 109 South Park,
between Second and Third sts..
GIRL for general housework and cooking
small family. 1810 Laguna st.; call 9 to 12.
GIRL for general housework. - Call ¦ in the
forenoon, 2643 Bryant St., near Twenty-flfth.
EXPERIENCED operator on silk- waists; good
¦ pay. KONIGSTEIN. 409A Turk at.
LADY stenographer; good penman. NEW TON
GUM CO., Second and Folsom sts.
WANTED— An experienced lady shampooer.
Address box 2952. Call office.
GIRL to make herself generally useful. $8 to
$10. 519 Van Ness ave. . . . ¦
FINISHERS and button-hole makers on cus-
tom coats. • 115 Russ st. .'
WANTED— An errand girl at 766 Geary st.
NEAT young girl to assist with general house-
¦v^rk. 954 McAllister st. • ¦ ¦
FIRST-CLASS talloress wanted at once. 2803%
Greenwich St. . - . . ¦ " ¦
APPRENTICES and makers in millinery store
at 632 McAllister st. '
A GIRL -for errands and light housework.
Apply 692 McAllister st. . ¦ ¦
YOUNG woman, light housekeeping; $10 month;
small place. - Call evening at 710 Lombard.
WANTED— Smart girl to work In a Bhootlng
gallery. Call at 615. Pacific st. :
WANTED — A good operator on pants; steady
position. 36 Geary St.. room 33.
YOUNG German girl to assist In light upstairs
work, etc; wages $15; references. 14 Colum-
bla square. ' - - " • ' '
WANTED — Wholesome, intelligent lady, not
under 25, of good character and standing, for
high-grade position. Box 2973, Call office.
EXPERIENCED button-hole operators; steady
work; good pay. LOWENBERG & CO.. 27
' Jessie st.
WANTED— First-class Utter on ladies' cloaks.
. 1022 Market st. ¦¦..¦'.
GIRL to do general housework; wages $26; ref-
erence. 1320 Leavenworth at., near Clay.
MORE young girls to learn cigar-making; $3
per week while learning. 621 Montgomery.
AMATEUR singers wanted. Apply at Chutes
at • 6 p. ¦ m. this evening. - - . -
COAT finishers, button-hole and try-on makers.
Metropolitan Tailoring Co., 947 .Market at.
WANTED— Experienced shirt or waist opera-
tors. EAOLESON & CO.. 535 Market sU
PANTS finishers wanted at the Metropolitan
. Tailoring Co.. 947 Market Et. ¦¦-.-.¦: -¦•'..
APPRENTICE- to learn halrdresslng. 240
Stockton st. - ¦ ¦ •' - : ¦
WANTED— A , girl to assist In housework
[j and plain cooking. $10. 2808 Twenty-fourth st.
APPRENTICE girl wanted on coats. 833 Mar-
¦ ket st.. room 14. ' -
PANTS finishers at once; good salary. H.
HELP, 106 Battery st. ,
GIRLS wanted. Candy factory, Second and
¦ Folsom sts. , •-:*¦' ' "* .
WANTED— Good experienced apprentice girl
to work on fine coats. , 834 Kearny. room 9.
WANTED— Good finishers on fine custom coats.
209 Hickory ave. . '
! GIRL to 1 assist In -housework at 117 Bartlett
street. ¦ -- ______
GOOD girl for general housework; 3 In family.
S29.Shrader st . ¦ . ,
FIRST-CLASS trimmer on hats. Economy Mil-
linery. : 632 Vallejo st. . __. '
OPERATOR on pants; steady work. , 83 Third
.-street.; y. ¦;:_.••"' : -~ '¦¦ ¦ .-
FIRST-CLASS apprentice on custom . coats;
good pay. Tailoring Palace. 222 Kearny st.
', WANTED — Girl - on custom-made . coats. ". 620
. Kearny St.. room 1. '¦ '-.'"'
j FINISHER on custom coats;, good pay; steady
; work. 146 Fourth st. • ".:.'- * v_-- -
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
' received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1999
' - Valencia st. ' ' • '-'-'--T
. HELP WANTED — MALE. ~~~
' EXPERIENCED foreman, who is a thorough
' ¦ printer and pressman, for Jobbers and cylin-
deis, -with executive ability, -to 'take charge
.'. of a small printing .office; steady Job/- good
- -wages; ref erences ¦' required. ". Box 2970, Call.
COATMAKER wanted, to work in store; steady
work. 2056 Twenty-fourth at.' ;¦¦.
¦ HEtP WA5TKD —^^S^S^^- —
AT C R. HANSEN & CO.' S.... Phone Grant m
RAILROAD WORK ¦"':""£'&
Drillers and headersmen. big tunnel... .£ *J
Laborers, railroad work '-cH-^fare
Teamster for Nevada *7*~ taxe
Free fare Free far
Electrical engineer to take charge of alter-
nating plant, see party here. _-,rw«rl-
Englneer and machinist who has had «*£«"
ence running air compressors, see P ar X n u " j
6 milkers. ?30; 2 milkers. Oregon^ *30 "a
fare paid; blacksmith, $2 50 and $3 a aay,
8 farmers, $25 and $26.
HOTEL DEPARTMENT ..»»•""
Camp cook for railroad camp. toO a 5 d _Sk
fare; fry cook, restaurant. *85; seco "* coo Jfl
restaurant. J55; baker, hotel, north. J40, tare
advanced; cook, coffee house, *55; cake baker.
. $50; 10 dishwashers and kitchen hands JZ5
and 530; dishwasher, springs, $25; 2 a» SQ -
washers, country hotel. $25 and fare paid.
Steward, country- hotel. *50: . 2 waiters,
country hotel, 135 and free fare; 10 waiters.
$30 to $40. _;__
. Ironer on Tyler machine, hotel laundry,
country, $35 and found and free fare: all
round laundryman. Institution. $50 and found.
C. R. HANSEN & CO. 10* Geary St.
MURRAY & READY Phone Main 584S
...Leading Employment and Labor Agents...
634,636 Clay Bt ,
Office opens at 7 a. m.
MECHANICAL HELP V"«'
3 carpenters, sawmill co., fare paid..»a2 & ta.
Millwright; 4 blacksmiths, ranches, shops
and camps.' $75, SCO, $50 and $40 and found;
horseshoer, country shop, $2 50 to $2 »a.
steady Job; 5 carriage and wagon painters;
carpenter's helper. -
To the gold mines see boss here
5 machine miners $75 and fd.. fare paid
5 muckers $52 50 and fd., fare paid
. MINES, SAWMILLS. WOODS, FARMS,
DAIRIES AND ORCHARDS -•
4 laborers. San Mateo County $26 and found
5 laborers, city work - $175 day
4 swampers for woods. San Mateo Co.. $50 & la
10 laborers for sawmill co $28 & fd
33 farm hands, $30, $26. $20 and found; 17
orchard hands, $26; dairyman, private place.
$30 and found; 15 milkers and butter makers.
$35 and $30 and found; 4 farmers and wives,
$45 and 840 and found; waiter for officers
mess. $30 and found; 18 cooks, hotels and res-
taurants; 32 waiters, dishwashers and kitch-
en helD of all descriptions. Call down and
read our bulletin boards, which contain full
list of positions.
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay st.
WAGONMAKER, $3 day; house painter. $2 50
day; blacksmith helper. $9 week; 3 coopers,
$35 and board; carpenter for country. $3 day:
. upholsterer for country: 2 carpenters for
sawmill, $2 50 day; jobbing blacksmith, $2
day, and board; ranch blacksmith, $40 and
board, and many others. J. F. CROSETT
6 CO.. 628 Sacramento st.
WANTED — A neat waiter who can attend to a
delicatessen counter and make salads; a nice
place for a man of experience: wages $40 and
board. J. F. CROSETT & CO., 628 Sacra-
mento st. •
HEAD lineman for donkey engine crew, $60
and board; spool tender, $45 and board. J.
F. CROSETT & CO., 628 Sacramento st.
A— WANTED. v <
Carriage painter, country $43 and board
Wagon and carriage smith $3 a day
2 laborers for rock crusher *26 and board
Grocery clerk and driver $20 and found
Third hand on bread, country shop."
$35 and found
Baker's helper, country shop... .$25 and found
Dairyman, ririvate ranch $33
Danish farmer, steady $28
Farmer and milk $25
2 milkers, near city $30
Cook, boarding-housa $40
2 woodchoppers.- $2 a cord
And 100 others; call and see us.
* W. D. EWER & CO.. 610 Clay St.
AT CAL EMP. AGENCY, 59 Third St.; phone
red 31.
Upholsterer for San Rafael.
Horseshoer and blacksmith. $3 per day.
Carriage painter, $3 per day.
2 farmhands at $20 per month.
2 milkers, 20 to 25 cows, $25 per month. .
1 porter to wait, small restaurant. $7 week.
A— HOTEL GAZETTE, 26 Montgomery, rm- 12.
Head waiter, -$45; 4 colored waiters, $30.
JOURNEYMEN Barbers' International Union—
Free employment; only recognized union. 113
Turk: tel. Folsom 1583. I. LESS. Secretary.
BARBERS wishing to see latest, most practi-
cal revolvins barber chair -called the Auto-
back call STOLTZ'S Barber Supply House,
723 Market st. ' ¦
BARBER shop for sale; three chairs: six
bathrooms; clearing not less than $75 per
month; price $700; will give trial; good coun-
try town; healthiest place In the State. Ad-
dress box 2984, Call office.
FOR SALE— Xwo-chair barber shop; good* bus-
iness; low rent; four living rooms. 1843 Mc-
Aliister st.; a good bargain. ¦
WANTED— Errand boy about 16 years old.
Apply. S. N. WOOD & CO.. corner Powell
and Eddy sts. ;
WANTED— Cash boys. Apply S. N. WOOD &
CO., 718 Market st. '
WANTED— Operators on coats. Apply 7:30 a.
m., S. N. WOOD & CO.. 718 Market st.
BUSHELMAN wanted. Apply S. N. WOOD &
CO.. 718 Market st.
WANTED— Cash boys over 14 years of age.
- Apply at HALE BROS.. 979-987 Market st.,
before 11 a. m.
GENTLEMAN of Indomitable energy and push;
good opportunity to right man. F. PERSON,
room 412, Parrott building.
STEADY man;. light Indoor work; will pay $73
per month to's^art; steady place; must have
$225. READ & CO.. 1007^ Market st. .'
YOUNG man i for fancy goods and laca de-'
partment: must have some experience. Box
2950, Call.
WANTED— A younar man with nmt experi-
ence In grocery and bar business. Address
box 2977. Call. . . '
WANTED— Salesman for a retail store who
has had experience in general merchandise
or groceries. Box 2877, Call. * -
GOOD strong lad, between 16 and 18, that Is
willing to work, call at crockery store after
- 9 a. m. 108 Sixth St.; reference. . ¦
WANTED— Protestant coachman with refer-
ences. Apply CATTELL'S, 523 Eighth st.
Oakland. . - - ¦ ' '' —
PARTNER In Dlain cash business; pays $125
month; only $150 required. LUNDIN & CO..
906 Market st.
FIRST-CLASS presser on pants. BELASCO-
. HARRIS CO.. 541 Market st. v
McDONALD & PERRY have. 500 pairs second-
hand shoes for sale, 50c up. 241 Third st.
BOY wanted to help In a bakery. Call at 2129
Mission st.
SHOEMAKER wanted on repairing- at 904 Va-
lencla st. ' ¦
COATMAKER wanted to work Inside; steady
Job for right man. 121 Post st.. room D.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 562 Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d sta.
MAN to work about the place. 1443 Harrison
street. ¦ -
MAN for outside painting; call early. 3381
Twenty-flfth St.. near Sanchez.
BOOTBLACK wanted; good wages; steady Job.
1048 McAllister St. .
WAITER wanted; must^ carry trays and do
porter work. 37 Eddy St. '
GOOD suit and Jacket fitter at ,E. MESSA-
¦ GER'S. 145 Post st. . '_
LTJNCH waiter. 17 Washington st.
WANTED— Good shoemaker for repairing. 1015
Larkln St.; bring tools.
DISHWASHER wanted. 204 Sixth St.
WANTED— Shoemakers at 624 Sacramento it.
NIGHT waiter wanted." 517 Montgomery st.
BOY wanted to work In carpet store; not un-
der 16. Apply 2020 Mission St.
WANTED— Good cook; day work; Cozy Res-
taurant, 1205 Valencia st. >-
PARTY handy with tools can secure- partner-
ship in established light repair work: growing
field; small sum necessary. Address Inde-
pendent, box 2360, Call.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprietor, still
i runs Denver House, 217 Third St.; 150 larga
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
SHOEMAKER on repairing; steady pob. 2152
Shattuck ave., Berkeley | station.
WANTED — Experienced typewriter salesman.
CUTTER, TOWER CO.. 302 Montgomery st.
ABOUT two more agents wanted at 347 v Thlrd.
YOUNG man to do janitor work for his. tuition.
S. F. Barber School,- 741A Howard st>
UNION barber wanted; steady. 1759 Union Bt.
SMART, strong boy over 16 for printing office.
79 Third st. *
WANTED— Good all around blacksmith; steady
Job. Apply at 2030 Seventeenth Bt. ¦_
BOYS wanted. Apply at Rope Works. Potrero.
GET vour shoes half -soled while waltlne: 25c
•; to 50c. " 562 MlBslon St., beta 1st and 2d sts.
MATHEMATICAL Instrument maker wanted.
Box 295j. Call. . .
AT cash prices for $1 per week, men's suits to
, order. NEUHAIIS & CO.. 115 Kearny St.
WANTED— 100 men to take rooms. 10c. 13c and
20c. Boston House, 920 Howard at. * •- .
WANTED— Men for salt works; $1 50 to $2 60
daily; free fare. Address CARTER'S Salt
•Works, Los Angeles. Cal. - . " .
GOOD ladies' tailor:' no others need apply. J.
McCLENEGAN, £32 Fourteenth »L. Oakland.
HRIP \VA \TE T>-— JITA^jB--— Qo^y.
MEN— Our catalogue explains how w« teach
the trade In two months, saving two years-
mailed free. We have no 5c shop in connec-
tion with our college: chairs and furnitura
are all made to our own order, with a view
to cleanline«3 and convenience.
MOLEK'S BARBER COLLEGE. 635 Clay it.
Beware of acy cheap Imitations.
BOYS wanted. Apply 'at Glass Works. FUteenth
and Folsom sts.
WANTED — 50© men to buy new and 2nd-hand
army shoes. $1 up: soling 20c up. 923 Howard.
SAILORS, blacksmiths, seamen A green hands-
all parts of world. HERMAN'S. 2tf Stenart st.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third at., near Mar-
ket — .00 rooms. 25c night: reading- rooms; fre»
'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2300 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements an,1
nubscrfptlons has been established at 1091
Valencia st.
HORSES AM> WAGONS.
40 HORSES for eale; also wagons, bungles.
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Home Market.
/S!7 Sixth St.; auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
RUBBER-TIRED Dhaeton and trap. In good
order, cheap. -O'BRIEN'S. Golden Gate ave.
and Polk st.
5 P VETERINARY College will commence Its
'Sd session June 10. Catalogue by applying to
M. L. Pancoast. sec. S10 Golden Gate av».
FOR SALE— Span of light young mares. In-
quire 1202 Mission St.. room 2.
ONE good light team for sale cheap. Apply
6 Capp st. 1 .
FOR sale— Stylish driving horse that lady can
•drive. Metropolitan Stablea. 1315 Stockton.
A— 100 PETS second-hand harness: wagon*,
carts, buggies, surreys, horses. 1140 Folsom.
DOCTOR'S rubber-tired phaeton and horse
cheap. EsceUlor Stables. 925 Sutter Bt.
6 SECOND-HAND wprinkllnr wagons In good
order for sale. S77 Shotwell st.
ALL kinds of wagons, bucgles, carts, harness.
etc.. cheap. EGAN & SON. 2117 Mission at.
GOOD business horses, wagon horses, heavy,
light, fast pacers and trotters. 721 Howard.
AN A No. 1 express wagon, single, also light
camnlng wagon, for sale cheap. 532 Mission.
HOUSES TO LET.
A— PRINTED LIST Houses to let; send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSCN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
TWO-STORY. 7-room and bath and side yard;
Jones St.. between Jackson and Pacific. Ap-
ply to C. S. CAPP & CO.. Real Estate
Agents. 630 Market St. • (
CORNER of Seventh and Howard sts: 7 sun-
ny rooms and bath; hot and cold water.
GOLDEN GATE ave.. 1310— Sunny house: 11
rooms; rent |45. -
HOUSE of 8 rooms and bath; large- basement
and yard. 2251 Mission st.
MCALLISTER. 818— Fine sunny house; 8 rooms
and basement: lanre yard: rent S35.
HOUSES TO :LET— KtJRXISHKD.
A NICELY furnished bright sunny hom<\ 19
rooms and 2 baths ; magnificent view and lo-
catlon. 2103 California st.
DESIRABLE sunny corner flat. 8 rooms and.
bath; Oakland: $1*. Apply at 14 Grant ave..
room 2.
HOUSES TO LET— SA>* RAFAEL,
TO le™Large house occupied at present as
boarding-house; large flower garden ami
kitchen; plenty of fruit; will sell furniture:
easy payments: cheap rent v for family. Ad-
dresa A. R. I. P.. San Rafael. Cal.
ISSTAXTAXEOPg WATER HEATER.
THE Ribbon Water Heater will flow boiling
water In SO seconds: will give a hot bath
every ten minutes at cost of 2% cents; call
and see In operation: send for Illustrated
pamphlet. Ribbon Water Heating Company.
Hearst (Examiner) building, room 607.
LOST AND FOl'XD.
LOST— A pass book with the Hibernia Sav-
ings and Loan Society of San Francisco. In
the name of MRS. ANNIE LAVARONI, or
JOHN B. LAVARONI. No. 171-231. The
finder will please return to bank.
LADIES' gold watch and chain; lost Tuesday:
Initial N rfn case of watch. Return 1123
Webster st. ; reward.
LOST OR STOLEN— Whlta pointer dog, red
spot on top of head between ears and on
back. Return 447 Bay st. ; liberal reward.
LOST— Brown spaniel. If found please return
to DR. J. W. WARD, 27C0 Broadway; reward.
COCKER ssanlel, white nose and breast: lib-
eral reward. Return to Beach Tavern. Ocean
boulevard.
BLACK cocker spaniel Monday near Ferry.
Return to 2723 Pacific ave.; reward $10.
LOST— Irish setter: tag No. 712; liberal re-
ward. 502 Second^ st.
Wanted— Old gold for manufacturing. O. Nolte.
jeweler. US O'FUTTell. bet. Pnwell and Ma»on.
MATRIMONIAL.
GENTLEMEN wishing to marry wealthy ladles
send 10c for lint. MRS. HERTZ. 706 T,m* »t.
MATTRESSES AND UPHOLSTERY.
MATTRESSES and upholstery; tel. South 792;
- to order or renovated, feather and hair
cleared: expert carpet cleaning: strictly rell-
able. HOPKE BROS.. 313-320 Eleventh St.
MISCELLANEOUS — FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. Mo>
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont at.
BARS, back bars, minvrs, showcases, counters,
linoleum, new and second hand; we always
have a large stock of saloon outfits on hand:
82 complete outfits on one floor, ready made;
we can ship everything ¦ In 24 hours. J.
NOONAN, 1017. 1019, 1021. 1023 Mission St..
above Sixth; write for catalogue.
A— BUYS, sells or rents sear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipes, shafting, pulleys.
etc. WHITELAW. 21S Spear at.
10,000 SQUARE feet floor space, well lighted,
for light manufacturing: or storage at half
usual rental. See B. J. S.. 27 Market st.
FINE milts. $10; dress pants. $2 75. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery st.
A— S3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats, $1 75. Popu-
lar Price Hatters. 330 Kearny st. near Pint.
A STEAM merry-go-round for sale, cheap: ao-
count of death. MRS. M. H. L., Box 369.
¦Watsonville. Cal.
BASEBALL calendar, containing pictures o£
Bill Lange and Oeorge Van Haltren; 20o post-
pald. S. R. CHURCH. 307 Sansome St.. 8. F.
TYPEWRITERS at any price to close them
out: different makes: call early for bargains.
TYPEWRITER EXCHANGE. 409 California.
DOMESTIC and White sewing machines, good
order, complete, cheap. 1915 Mission, nr. 15th.
FEMALE canaries for mating. 5Cc; male. $2.
14% Page st.
TWO revolving barber chairs for sale cheap.
1723B Scott 8t.. rear., bet. Sutter and Bush.
A LOT of government tents; £0 bath, tubs;
cheap Ei3 x 3^lsslon at.
FOR SALE— 5 large tents. 12x16 feet: »12 59
apiece. O. WEINHOLD. Lombard and Lyon.
200 LIGHT marine set. directly connected; good
shape; cheap. H. S. WHITE. 516 Mission st,
ENGIN.ES and boilers; second-hand machinery.
J. BURKE. 139 Beale Bt.
Gasoline or distillate engines, new & 2d-b— nd;
all sizes: guaranteed. NEWELL! E0 Bluxome.
TYPEWRITERS. 2d-ha.id, all makes, at low
figures. L, & M. ALEXANDER. 110 Montg'y.
FIRST-CLASS second-hand modern engines and
boilers bought and nold. KROGH MFO. CO.
PHOTOGRAPHIC and magic lantert roods
bought, sold, exchanged. 109 Montgomery st.
SAFES— New and secord hand. THE HER-
MAM SAFE CO.. 417-4^ Sacramento «t-
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d-hand moving pic-
tures. BULLARD & BRECK. 131 Post st.
SAFES — New and second hand; all sizes. THB
WALTZ SAFE. 109-111 Market st.. San Fran.
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
WANTED— A good second-hand skiff about 14
feet long. Apply with price and particulars
to box 297S. Call office. ¦ . ¦
TILTON'S misfit parlor* wants masquerade la-
die3'. gents' clothing. 134 9th; tel. Foteom 2523.
meuicalT
A— RENOWNED 'specialist; those who desire to
obtain- results promptly; I treat ladles only;
my regulator has no equal; all classes of fe-
male comolainta relieved by treatment su-
perior to all others; the only treatment that
helps the unfortunate; the most obstinate
cases are immediately relieved without pain:
no other treatment will do this; the most dif-
ficult cases treated; scientific methods guar-
anteed. DR. G. W. CDQNNELL. 1013 Mrkt.
DR. and MRS. GOODWIN. 1033 Market St.. nr.
6th— E*pert specialists: well known and reli-
able; 2j yrs. experience; treatment guaranteed
to give Instant relief from all female trouoles;
avoid Incompetent specjallata; consult free.
MRS. DR. WYETH. reliable specialist: 25 yrs.'
successful practice; guaranteed treatment as
office; any aliment; home before and durtnz
confinement. 342 Post, bet. Hyde and Larkln.
ALL cases of female complaints cured with
capsules; price p. Dr. V. Popper, S3 Kearny.THE SAN FKANCISCO CALL., THURSDAY, APRIL 11, 1901.
11
GOLDEN WEST Storage Warehouse. 840 Mis-
- Bion st. ; te!. Mint 1821. F. W. ZEHFUSS.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. -2J20 Flllmore st. : phone Jackson 2S1.
UEKINS 'Van and Storage Co.. 722 Mission St.;
tel. Main 1840; shipping, at cut rates.
TYPEWRITERS AND SUPPLIES.
GREAT BARGAINS IN TYPEWRITERS— We
* sell better machines for less money than any
house in the city: rentals. $3. The Typewriter
•Exchange, 536 California: telephone Main 266.
STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co..
office. Post and Powell sts. ; tel. Main 5711
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND NOTICE— Dividend No. 90 (twenty
cents per share) of the Hutchinson Sugar
Plantation Co.. will be payable at the of-
fice of the company, 327 Market St., San
Francisco, on and 'after Saturday, April 20,
1901. - Transfer books close Saturday, April
13. 1901. at 12 o'clock m. .
E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
UNITED STATES Engineer Office, Flood
building. San Francisco, Cal.. April 8, 1901.—
. Sealed proposals for dredging In tidal canal.
Oakland harbor, Cal., will be received here
until 12, noon," May 22, 1901. Information on
application. -SW." .H.'- HEUER, Lieut.- Col.,
Engineers. " ¦ • .
PROPOSALS.
BAILWAY TEAVEL.
¦The followinK marriage licenses were issued
yesterday: . .'
John D. Millikln, 25, 401 Cole street, and
Liesa Arbogast, 18, Hotel Berkshire. , '
John Antonletti, 36, 310^4 Langton street, and
Reglno Imboden. 36, 902 Bryant street.
Charles R. Bushnell, 28, 723 Larkin street,
and Anna L. Jurs, 23. 18 Johnston avenue.'
Carroll Cook, 46, city, and Elizabeth Grimm
Herold. 36, city. . .,.¦¦¦
Albert G. Levy, 26, 417 Clementina street,
and Annie C. Engel, 22, 321 Tehama street.
John R. Wallace, 43, Burbank, and Carrie
A. Baker, 36, city.
William Ryan, .28, - 621 Eighth street, and
Cella Roper, 22, 654 Bright street.
Henry Parker, 37, 615 Kearny street, and
Sarah M. Wilson, 31, 44 Third street.
Albert E. Morcom, 23, 232 Van Ness avenue,
and Minnie W. Jenne, 20, 912 Bryant street.
Louis D. - Deluchi, 23, 5 Bartol street, and
Lena E. Devoto. 19, 5 Bartol street.
Albert "ft. Smith, 25, 1022 Broderick street,
and Abbie L: Cutter, 26, Chelsea, Mass.
John \V. Manning, 28, 171 Collins street, and
Catharine. Ferrin, 19, 3 Victor street. -.
Charles Ravani, 23. 448 Union street, and
Rosine E. Borel, 18, 2840. Baker street:
Harry C. Johnson, 32, 1 100 Fifth street,' and
Hilma Nilson, 28, 1028 Minna street.
Charles W. Gross, 32, 1011 Washington street,
and Annie Berrmann. 23. 3205 Fillmore street.
Orlln W. Crawford, 21, Hotel Pldasanton, and
Lilian M. Hechtman, 21. 1011 Pine street.
Fernando Roth. 46, Palace Hotel, and Bertha
Bchussler, 44, 2214 Jackson street.
MABBIAGE LICENSES.
MEDICAL— Continued.
CR. AND MRS, DAVI1TS. 1221 Market. ladles'
epecialiBts; 22 years' practice; all case* treat-,
ri by cur wonderful herb remedy; a reliable
treatment, superior to any other; positive cure
cuararrteed et cflice; patients treated can re-
turn Eftae day; those wishing to treat them-
selves should eend for the Hindoo Herb Home
I'roatroerit; harmless: consultation free.
MRS. DR. KOHL, 1122 Market st, bet. Mason
and Taylor— Reliable ladies' specialist. !
MRS. D. ALLKN— Rerroved to 1118 Market St..
bet. Taylor nnd Ma«-ir: lad:«»s' specialist. '
MO\CV TO LOAN.
A— MONEY to loan at rates which people can
afford to pay on furniture, pianos, etc.: <3o
not borrow of your friends or you will Jose j
thrir friendship; do business with strangers j
end you v.i'.l be better satisfied; r.o delay; no
publicity. Rooms 9 and 10. 906 Market st. ;
IF TOUR PROPERTY ¦
IS MORTGAGED .
and vou need more money, see H. MURPHY. ,
C30 Market et Leans on estates in prcbate.
undivided interests In estates, second mort-
gages, etc. •
ANY proposition, any amount: 6 per cent: first,
second mortgages, estates in probate, interest
in estates, legacies; corporation lbans, chattel |
mortgages and securities. Room IS, 1st floor, i
Chronicle building. HALLORAN & OLSEN.
ANY amount at UJc\ first. 2d and 3d mort-
gages, undivided interest, real estate in pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought; no de-
lay; get my terms before doing business else- I
where. R. MeCOLGAN, 24 Montgomery, r. 3.
HIGHLY respectable, private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry at low- j
cst rates. Daldwin Jewelry Store. S46 Market
et. ; tel. Main 1644. Eranch IS Third Et.
jr-OO.OOO AT 6 per cent in sums to suit in city:
I1M.000 on large ranches at fair rates: <second
mortgages. R. J. MERCER & SON', 412 Pine.
LOWEST rat»3 on furniture, etc.. by private j
party; no removal: no commission; confiden-
tial. Room S. Conservatory bldg.. S01 Jones.
MOPT reliable place to borrow on diamonds,
watches jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL. 10 Sixth; I
hichest price for old gold, silver, diamonds, j
ON furniture, pianos; no removal; money
quick; lowest interest: easy terms: no broker-
age; reliable party. 1170 Market Et.. room 6S.
MONEY loaned salaried people without eieurity.
HILL, rm. 44. Merchants' Ex.. 4S1 California.
LOANS. 1st or 2d mtg?: city, country. C%. undi-
vided ints.; estates. HARPER. £57 Parrctt big.
LOANS on salaries without indorser or secur-
ity: Eastern plan. Pearson. 308 Phelan bldg.
CAFII loaned on salariPs: New York plan. THE
TOUFLEY CO.. 221 Parrott building.
f!W),000 TO lnsn on real estate or for building;
low rate. 222 Fansome Et.. room 2.
CAPII Ioanrd to salaried peopie on note without
indprser. MORRELL. COS Examiner building.
TO salaried people without collateral or ln-
donser. S. F. Discount Agency. 143 Phelan big.
55OXEV WANTED.
WANTED— J:<".COO for 3 years. 10 per cent; real
estate (security. Address box 23?2, Call office.
MLSICAL IXSTRUMEXTS.
AT BYRON MAUZYS, 3C8 Post St.*
•"'flickering t W
Hallet & Cumston ISO
Pur.ham ?75
Emerson .' $100
Weber $125 !
Steinway 1130
aicca $173
New England $200
Gabler $250
Steck Batiy Grand Hike new) $450
Fteinway Baby Grand <like new) S350
Fohmer Baby Grand <like new) $750
These pianos are all in excellent condl- '
tion. thoroughly warranted and can be ex-
changed in three years for a new SOHMEli
or BYRON MAt'ZY piano.
Pianos rented; squares, $1 50; uprights, J3
up. end rent allowed on purchase.
ANY person having use for a piano can be ac-
commodated at Sherman. Clay & Co.'s with
easiest payments, lowest prices and. most re-
liable makers to choose from. Each the best
of their grade, from Eteinway down. Privilege
given to exchange medium and low priced
pianos for a new Steinway any time within
three years from date cf purc.iase. Beautiful
new uprights sold for $6 cash and 16 per
month. We offer to tell some pood pianos at
S3. $4 and 15 per month. SHERMAN. CLAY
&' CO., Steinway dealers, corner Kearny and
Sutter Fts.. San Francisco; corner Broadway
and Thirteenth st.. Oakland.
ABSOLUTELY lowest prices and easiest terms.
1 Novella upright.... Ifioil Schiller $265
1 Emerson upright.. 55 <l Gabler 133
1 Vose ED j 1 Waverly 122
2 Stcinways 1S5 upl Fisher upright 119
2 Heincs 315 upjj Mason-Hamlln ... 390
1 Hallet-Davis 465 ;1-Hardman 88
2 Behr Bros 357 ;l Miller 123
and fifty others; rented and rent allowed:
rents ?3 up; we handle all makes; agents
for some of the oldest and most famous
pianos In existence: agents wanted. HEINE
PIANO CO.. 217 Geary st.
1'ARTIES having any kind of repairing or
tuning of pianos will do well to remember
that we have the very b»st facilities for do-
ing fine varnishing, polishing, action repair-
ins and regulating:, and will make lower prices
for good work than any house en the coast.
Let us make aa estimate on your work.
MAUVAIS MUSIC CO.. 769 Market st.
SPECIAL Fale of jrood pianos at low prices at
MAl'VAIS', 7C9 Market ft., this week: ycu
can pay cash or installTr.fcnts, es you prefer
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west cf Chicago is KOHLER & CHASE'S. 26.
28 and 30 OTarrell Et. : pianos, organs' and
all ether musical Instruments of all grades
and priceH- term- easy; prices lowest: every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy the
customer.
I PIANO snaps— JfiO, $75. $S0. $125. $130; easy
payment*: also Apoll' Flight 1 - used, a bar-
gain. BENJ. Cl'KTAZ & SON. 16 O'Farrell
et., Chickering agency.
(3 PER month rents a beautiful piano. SCOTT-
CURTAZ PIANO CO.. D60 Hayes et.
AT WILSON'S Storage. 17C6 Market St.. you
can eet Ftorage pianos almost Tor a song — $6
per month— dirt cheap.
TINE 2-pcdal standard upright piano; sacrl-
ficed account of death. 61S Eddy, nr. Larkin.
J135— MAHOGANY Fischer upright left on sale.
217 Geary St.. room SS.
BEAUTIFUL new pianos, $155 up: rents and
easy payments. KLARE. 2206 Flllmore st.
BPECIAL tale of piano? this week; Stelnway,
Knabe and others. BRCTNN, 208 Post et.
BIGGEST bargain in Fisher, upright piano;
nearly new; must be '.'d. 301 Jones st.
HIGH-GRADE pianor; Steck. Har:.aani Con-
over end others. Wiley B. Allen Co.. 314 Post.
BARGAIN— Must be sold; nice upright piano. ¦
SCHMITZ. :6 McAllister, next Hibernia Bank.
A NEARLY new prpnd uprirtit cheap; brilliant,
powerful tone. HORNUNG. 216 McAllister.
AT KEEFFE'R. 833 Market st.. 4 elegant up-
rishts at your own price. Shonlnger agency.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers. oM and new. H.
MULLETl. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
A WEEK'S news for 6 cents— The Weekly Call.
16 papes. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
OFFICES AXD STORES TO LET.
BTORE and 4 living rooms; profitable location;
branch bakery, notion store or other business.
Apply 936 Harrison Et. near Sixth, bet. 9
end 5; rent $15^
• TORE. 14 Eteuart. near Market; fine business
location; rent J-Jj; reduced from $75.
f'RONT furnished apartments suitable for doc-
tor or dentist. 253 Geary: call bet. 2 and 4.
TO let— Email store with living rooms. 24E2
Mf«=i5OB Bt.
OIL.
l'HE W. R. THOMAS CO.— Oil Lands in the
f-est di*.rictp; Investigate; Fearless Oil and
VVater Co.; a pood investment: water trans-
portatlon. 4CS Examiner big.. 464 9th. Oakland.
THREE cents per share; safest oil investment:
is rxi.ccted to po up to J2 per share in a few
n.onim; send for prospectus. Pacific States ,
¦¦'mlng and Investment Co.. 326 Post St.
JOSEPH B. TOPL1TZ. 330 Pine *t.
MF.MBEB PRODUCERS 1 OIL EXCHANGE.
Cour.try Correspondence Solicited.
Oil- company just forming: you can pet In oij
tr',ur.d floor Icr little money. Box 2S44, Call
OIL tanks, second-hand, in good order; all
'¦Iet: cheap. H. S. WHITE. E16 Mission St.
IV'ILL dff-d choice tract ss subsidy for boring
v.-ell. \y o HAMILTON. * Flood bUg.
OIL LA\DS.
TZ'OO Arp.ns oil lr.r>rl in various counties for
l.-nw p:.* y : ,- tf , r.O7;iN&ON..i:<; Gfary St.. r. 6.
.J!!^!™^^* 0 »ECORATORS.~
V. ALL, paper, window eiiadea; rooms papered, {1
" p - -'^cr^&jjath SOS Kixth: open evenlnen.
PiXX! EHP* f rom JS on: city or country.
nz.trr.f.y. \ ,' rt Co ., 19 3j _ t . tgl Red --^
„ STU j!'v_
xa>lor St.. V-t. p^ry and Post: tel. Blafck S61.
?A T E^S~AXD PENSIONS. _
A rtpH 5TjJ5S ***** unTeVs" "s^ccesamr
: WAvnib;;,;--, ?- : '
V'W/ "... PERSONALS. /.^-;i4i:'.V'.-i
A— IF yoor hair is falling or you are bald, call
en DH. G. S. MOORE, 4S8 Geary St.. and you
will not be diEappoInted; this remedy is posi-
tively guaranteed; preparation sent to all
parts cf the world; ,call or send for circular.
SEVERINO CORDA of Novato. last seen Tues-
day, April 2. Any one kno wine his . where-
abouts please communicate with his brother,
H. CORDA. Novato. Matin Co., Cal.
| A LIBERAL reward will be Daid to the ex-
j prcFFraan who moved 2 trunks from the
I Royal House a few weeks ago. Call or ad-
! dreVs MRP. R.. 2612 Lombard St., near school.
SOLDIERS' canvas satchels, special prices;
20-in., 75c; all sizes; 26-in., $125; small ones.
i."c; everything for lunch. SMITHS' 27
Market st. '
| FCR coats for Alaska and . the north, half
price and less, closing; regular Alaska out-
| fltteis. SMITHS', 27 Market St.
! REWARD— $1000 paid if your wrinkles, freckles
I or sup. hair return after our treatment; sam-
! i>le free at branch office. N. Y. Institute of
Dermatology, Glasgow bldg., 103 Ellis st..S.F.
JAMES* Detective Bureau, 127 Montgomery St.,
room OS phone_ Bush 289; charges reasonable.
I THE Mlcrobane Medical Co.. removed to 411
Geary St., where they give you free treat-
ment for bald heads, falling hair and dan-
druff: Mlcrobane Hair Grower cures all cases;
tc« also remove superfluous hair: call and see
us. Microbane Medical Co., 411 Geary st. ¦
RAG carpets wove to order and for sale; also
| chenille-wove rugs, silk portieres; dealer, in
carpet twine, in hank or chain, at lowest
rates. GEO. MATTHEWS, 703 Flfth.Oakland.
CIGARETTE and tobacco habit cured at
home; $5; valuable information for liquor,
I morphine, opium, all drug habits. MRS.
WILLIAMS. 1S33 Polk St., San Francisco.
Jl WEEKLY— Suits to order from genuine
Scotch. $15 up; fine dress suits, $20 up; ele-
overcoats. $15 up. LEON LEMOS. 1117
Market St.. between Seventh and Eighth.
KLECTRIC light in every room— Winchester
Hotel. 44 Third ft., near Market; 700 rooms;
25c to $1 CO per night; $1 50 to $5 per week;
' free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
| SCHOOL to learn halrdresslns. hair work, man.
I Jcurlng: private lessons or class. MISS A V.
DOYLE. l'Ot Market, bet. Polk and Van Ness.
WHITE enamel iron beds, single, three-quarter
cr double. $2 25. EASTERN OUTFITTING
CO.. 1310-1312 Stockton St.. near Broadway.
PRIVATE detective work; reasonable rates; 10
years' experience. J. B. RAY, 237 Jessie st.
Ladies' Sc gents' cast-off clothing bought &
sold. J.Silverman. 9S4 Fol«om; tel. Folsom 1191.
.ALFREDUMS Egyptian Henna; restores gray
hair to 1U natural color; $1: at all druggists.
-KINGSLAND Art Colors," ;or leather; wood
• nd photos, at all first-class art stores. .
ALL KINDS of bamboo fancy work to order.
HORISHIMA & CO.. 248 Ellis; tel. Red 136S.
SPRING styles Standard patterns now ready.
"'Domestic" office. 1021 Market Et.. nr. Sixth.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 731 Mkt
SUPERFLUOUS" hair and moles destroyed with
electric needle. MISS EATON. 1119 Sutter st.
DR. LAMOTTE'S French Corn Paint, the best
corn cure: 25c: all druggists.
PHYSICIANS AJ»P SURGEONS.
DR. Crc. O'DONNELL— Office and residence,
1021^4 Market eL. between Sixth and Seventh.
! DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor, successfully
treats all disease* of the human body: see
testimonials at office. 115-117 Mason, nr. Ellis.
HEAL „ ESjrAJ|EJ--CITY— - FOR
j ALL GENUINE BARGAINS IN THIS LI3T.
Apply A. M. SPECK & CO.. 667 Market st.
$1600— Seven-room house on Broadway; a
snap.
$2850 — Two eplendld flats; rented $23; near
Sixth st. . . *
$32;0— Seven-room house ot Leavenworth 3t. ;
very cheap.
I $S500 — Near Sutter st; i-story 7-toom house;
offer wanted.
$7750— Splendid investment: near. Van Ness
ave.; rent's £81; all rented.
$S300— Vicinity of Ellis and Powell sts.; ioi
40 feet Iront: rents $63 ->er month.
$12.500 — Leavenworth et.: rents $105; lot 55 fesi
front; all rented.
$14,000 — Three elegant flatu; rents J150; all
rented: half cash; must se".
$17,500— Two stores and two flats; no vacancy
in 8 years: rents $117; Jot 50 feet front.
I $1S,000— Howard rt. ; dowrtown: fine -.'^stjry
building, with basement; *-t-nts $123.
J25.000 — Greatest bargain in city; lot 40 feel
front; 4-story brick building; all rented .\nd
pays positively over 8 jot cfnt net; within, few
blocks of Chronicle. .
I $28,000 — Business property of 4 stores and 8
I flats; rents $250.
$30,000— Mission St.; 70 feet frontage; dowu-
.town district.
• $40.C(*>— Corner on Sansorae • st. : :37 feet front;
old improvements: renting for $250.
$40,000— Corner Golden Gate ave.; 137:6x137:6;
rents $240.
$55,0pO— Grand corner: rO feet front: re.w
blocks from Orpheum; pays 6 per cent net.
1 $75,000— Grand corner: 60 feet front: wlthia
block of Tivoll: old improvements; rents $100
$75.000— Splendid corner investment; rents $531;
lot E3xl20; 3 frontages; ..ew improvements.
Other bargains.
Apply A. M. SPECK & CO., 667 Market st.
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS.
Realty Values are gradually rising.
Take advantage of our bargains.
$500 to $S00— Graded Sunset lots; $10 monthly.
$330 to $750— Choicest Richmond lots; $10
. monthly.
$75. $100. $200 and $330— Ocean Boulevard lots;
Jo monthly.
$100 to $250 — Level lots near Mission-st. cars.
$1000, $1500 to $3500— Choice and modern cot-
tages; good locations; easy terms; all bar-
gains.
Branch Office, 9th ave., nr. H Et., Sunset.
SOL GETZ & BROTHER. » I
64 CHRONICLE BUILDING.
CHOICE building lots in Richmond at exceed-
ingly low prices, ready for building and with
all the street work done. Every one of the
buyers to whom I sold lots last month can
Ket an advance on the price they paid. I
hai* some splendid bargains. Call and satisfy
yourselves. Some of the lots can be bought
for almost half what they cost. Not far out
and cars passing in front. It is cheaper to
buy one of these lots and build than to pay
rent. W. J. GUNN, E30 California st.
IF you have lots in the eand drift between
Fifteenth ave. and the ocean, north of the
Park and you want to sell them call on W.
J. GUNN. 530 California et.
I HAVE turned In an offer of $5650 for a lot
In this city on south side of Brannan St.,
No. 359, between Second and Third; improve-'
ments; rent $55 per month; size of lot 37:6x
137:6, belonging to estate of DAVID ROY. de-
ceased; can be bought by raising said offer
10 per cent on April 17 at Department 9,
Judge Coffey's court. A- PALLIES, executor
of the will, 318 Davis st.
REDUCED FROM $1300; must be sold within
10 days; $1200; 4 rooms, stable, well of water:
lot 114x25; street accepted by city; cement
sidewalk; plank eide entrance. Owner, 415
Twenty-ninth St., Mission cars pass door. .;
NEW office; real estate and flre insurance bro-
kers — Wanted — Lands and houses on sale and
rent. A. BALDASSI & CO.. 206 Montgomery
avenue.
FOR the best located lots in Richmond and the
cheapest call on W. J. Gunn, E20 California.
LOT 'In Mission — Corner, 25xV0: desirable lo-
cality, residence district: suitable for grocery,
no opposition. Apply 791 Stevenson St. '
MODERN cottages and flats built; reasonable;
plans furnished. Salsbury, builder, 1323 Market.
IK you have lots to sell -north of the Park.
¦ tt-pn cull nn W J. GUNK, nil California «t.
IIEAI, ESTATE — COUXTRY — For Sale
IN the healthiest and best part" of Placer Co.;
to acres fruit; best varieties: 16 acres In bear-
Ing; fine fence, barn and house; good water;
one mile from depot; ideal place made by
practical man with experience; will sell
cheap on account of leaving the country. R.
E.. box 2904. Call office. •
$1000 — 40 ACRES; 4 miles from county seat:
25 acres cleared: some fruit and vines; a good
heg ranch. Apply A. M. SPECK & CO., 667
Market st.
RANCH for sale — 43 acre«: id In prunes and sp
pies: 10 in Rrapes: jouse. bar-.i. * springs.
Apply owner, M. MELLOT Lexington Hotel,
Alma P. O.. Santa Clara County. Cal.
160 ACRES of land and some cash to trade for
a stock of merchandise. Address L. H. MON-
KOE, Placervllle. Cat. • ¦ ¦«
M. GRIFFIN. 719 Market St.. by Call building,
•ells hotels, lodRtns-hcuser. stores, elc.
Printed list?, of farms and city property.
WRITE J. W. HORN. *12 Main. Petaluma. for
free copy of Poncma Co. real estate bargains.
RCAL ESTATE TO EXCHANGE.
\vVxTED— Lots in Alameda or Berkeley. suit-
able for subdivisions, ¦ in exchange, for new
cottage C rooms in Alameda; rents J20 month;
trill assume some mortgage. J. H. YOUNG.
owner and builder. 1243 Park St.. Alameda.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
<ALAMMI^REAI, ¦ESTATE."
$1250— SNAP: eleeant new modern cottage; 4
rooms- fine location: near station and school.
A. G BURNS & CO.. J5Q1 Park st.
HERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
STOP PAYING RENT.
Cottage. 4 rooms, close to station, street car?,
school and stores; lot 40x135; price $750 only; J50
each, balance 10 monthly. Take Berkeley train,
get off at Lorin Station, west side of railroad
track. RUDOLPH, PERKINS & LYON.
CHANCE of lifetime— 5-room cottage in prime
condition; bath, tiled sink, stationary tubs,
hot and cold water, patent closet, high base-
ment; street eewered and macadamized: lot
40x135; windmill and tank; fruit trees; nice
flower garden; close to station; price $1250;
$200 cash, balance $15 monthly. Take Berke-
ley train, get ofl at Lorin Station, west side
of railroad track. RUDOLPH, PERKINS &
LYOX, Lorln.' - ". .-..
US00-50-FOOT lot on Durant ave., east of
Shattuck ave. . «¦;',-
• $400—80x135; 1 block to electric ' cars, 3
blocks to steam cars.
$650— Beautiful corner, '45:4x130; 3 blocks to
Berkeley station. .•
Call and see our list of Berkeley property.
S. S, QUACKENBUSH, opposite First Na-
Uonal Bank. -
-FRUITVALE ADVERTISEMENTS
FRUITVALE REAL ESTATE?)
BARGAIN— One acre In beautiful Fruitvale.
good location; grand view; alluvial soil;
¦splendid health resort; also well adapted for
chickens; this property is close to Morosco's
beautiful country home. Together with 3-
rocrn cottage; $1230: $100 cash, balance month-
ly to suit; take Berkeley train, get off ftt
Lorin station, west Bide of railroad track.
j RUDOLPH, PERKINS & LYON.
FOUR acres In choice fruit, 5-room cottage,
etc : for sale cheap. " Address C. MICHEL,
Elmhurst. Alameda County.
5-ACRE fruit and chicken ranch for sale cheap.
Inquire blacksmith shop, Dimond. Cal.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
UFFiCE— 1118 BROADWAY;
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
$20 CASH. $5 monthly; new barn and outhouse;
lot 58 13-100x72 41-100x137:6; perfectly, level;
sandy loam soil; view and climate the very
best: near wide boulevard and fronting on a
good county road; near two electric car lines,
stores and new Town Hall; close to a model
school; 85 families located within 2% years;
the workingman's property, adjoining East
Oakland; see this bargain at once; price, all
told, $385; call or send for circular. 455 Sev-
enth st., Broadway Station. Oakland;
?E.\RY Z. JONES. Owner.
FOR SALE— Oakland honie. cheap; house of 6
rooms and bath; small store;. 2 lots, each
23x133 feet; street work all done; good loca-
tion; only $1200; would give time. W. WAL-
_JTERS, 35 Julian ave., San Francisco.
FOR sale or exchange— A new J3-room house
and stable for cottage. Inquire 1520 Eighth
ave., .East Oakland.
OAKLAND COTTAGES TO LET. \
$9— OAKLAND cottages, 4 rooms, bath, base-
ment, large lot, city water. -R. J. MONT-
GOMERY, r. 8. 4th floor. Mills bldg., S. F.,
or A. J. SNYDER. 467 Ninth St.. Oakland.
OAKLAND STORES TO LET.
COMMODIOUS offices to let; best location;
electric elevator service. Abrahamson build-
ing, corner Thirteenth and Washington sts.,
Oakland.
$10— OAKLAND corner store, with 3 living
rooms; large yard and city water.- R. J,
MONTGOMERY, r. 3. 4th floor Mllis bldg..
S. B\. or A. J. Snyder. 467 Ninth st.. Oakland.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
AN introduction to you from H. Schellhaas, tho
furniture dealer, nth and Franklin. Oakland.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
BARTLETT. 414—3 sunny newly papered
rooms, with sink and bath.
BUENA VISTA ave.. 449, near Frederick— 3
fur, or unfur. rooms or more; fine grounds.
CLARA. 166, near Fifth— 2 furnished rooms for
housekeeping; rent $<J per month.
'ELLIS, 597—2 sunny housekeeping rooms;
pleasant and convenient; $16.
ELLIS, 639, corner Larkin— Extra large bay-
window; use of kitchen; $17; front room, $6.
FILLMORE. 2212, near Clay— $7, 2 large sunny
unfurnished rooms; nice yard and water.
FOLSOM, 834— Sunny housekeeping room;
closets; stove; bath; private; $6 month.
GEARY. 1012—4 sunny furnished housekeeping
rooms, with use of bath and telephone.
GOLDEN GATE ave., 622— Sunny bay-window
suite, 3 rooms, nicely furnished; gas, bath.
HOWARD, 539 — Two sunny housekeeping
rooms.
HOWARD, 761%— Nicely furnished bay window;
other rooms; man and wife or 2 gentlemen.
HOWARD, 917—2 rooms, newly furnished, com-
plete; also larger room. $10; housekeeping.
HOWARD, 1606— A single furnished room in
private family; also 2 housekeeping rooms;
rent very cheap. .. ••
JESSIE,' 312, near Fourth— 2 good housekeeping
rooms; also 1 sunny front room.
LANGTON, 2.'.6 1 / £— Three sunny nicely furnished
rooms for housekeeping; private family. ¦
LASKIE, 27. bet. Sth and 9th. off Mission— 3-
roora furnished sunny flat; complete for
housekeeping; $12.
LIBERTY. 129—3 to 5 handsome completely
furnished housekeeping rooms; use of piano,
phone, gas store; pleasant surroundings;
very desirable.
MCALLISTER, 937— Upper floor, 3 unfurnished
rooms, bay window,, grate, $12 75, or with
kitchen, separate entrance, $15.
MISSION, 862%, near Fifth— Sunny furnished
bay-window housekeeping suite, $16 month.
POLK, 367, near McAllister-NJcely furnished
bay-window sunny front room; porcelain
bath, hot and cold water; reasonable.
STOCKTON/ 1307— Nice furnished rooms for
housekeeping; rent cheap.
TURK, • 613—2 furnished rooms for housekeep.
ing; gas range; $12; also 1 unfurnished
room.
VAN NESS ave., 798, cor. Eddy— 4 furnished
rooms; bath; no children; references.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1008
Valencia «t.
ROOMS TO LET — Fnrn. and Unfurn.
AHLBORN HOTEL, S21 Grant ave.— Best doT^
lar a day family hotel In city; polite attend-
ance; large- rooms; modern conveniences^
rooms 50c up; flrst-cl*ss meals 25c; free coach.
A-BRUNSWICK HOUSE, US Sixth-Rooms.
25c to $1 per night; $1 25 to $5 per week, and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
BURNETT, 1426 Market (old No: 1364)— Fur-
nished rms., suites, single; also unfurnished.
CLARA, -34, oft Fourth— Large sunny front
* room; also single room; private family:
FIFTH,. 107— Pleasant unfurnished rooms to let.
ELDER Room-renting Bureau, 22 Kearny St.—
Tel. Red - 23t4 rooms furnished or unfurnished.
GOLDEN GATE ave.. 730 — 2 laree sunny front
rms.; 1 single rm., $6; bath; private; German.
GRAND SOUTHERN, southeast corner Seventh
i and. Mission ets.— Sunny rooms, en suite or
single; ladles' parlor; reading-room; elevator.
HENRIETTA square, 7 — 2 or 3 partly furnish-
• ed rooms for housekeeping; reasonable;
closets "and bath. ' ,
HOWARD, 917—2 grand housekeeping rooms,
$14; also sunny front rooms, $19.
MINNA. G67. corner Eighth— Newly furnished
bay-window room, $1 per week; transient.
MISSION. 1206— Nicely furnished front bay-wln-
dow room: sunny; suitable for doctor.
O'FARRELL, 20 — Sunn; furnished rooms and
offices: elevator: elec. lights; day, week, mo.
ROYAL House,. 126 Ellis— incandescent light;
reading-room, smoking-room and ladles' par-
lor; rooms, per night, ace to $1 50; week, $2 to
¦ *S; month. %S to $30: elevator on ground floor;
rooms witn hot and cold water; oaths.
ROSEDALE House, 3l<i-321 Ellis st.-Rooms,
night. 25c to $1: week. $1 25 to $4; open night.
SHERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth et..
near Market — Furnished or j unfurnished. , -
SUTTER. 717. nr. Taylor— Very choice for busi-
ness or home; reasonable: please investigate.
VAN NESS. 930
Bachelor's apartments; elegantly furnished;
• all south rooms; references. . ¦
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received nt Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore st.
ROOMS AXD ' BO ARD. . • .
AT. the old Stevenson mansion, opp. Grace
Church, with annex 807 California st.. : may
be found a most exceptionally good table, at-
trac^tive and sightly rooms at modest rates."
O'FARRELL, 605 .(Johnson House)— Eleg. large
¦• sunny rm; also -single rms, with ¦ board; ref s.
BOARD with or without rooms in private fam-
lly. 129. Hyde st. . - . ; : .
HANDSOMKLY. refurnished rooms; 'b—»-d first
class. 2101 Central ave., Alamedr.
NOTICE -is hereby given that the -Maria Kip
Orphanage of £20 Lake st., San Francisco.
Cal., haa received the following orphan and
half-orphan girls from January 1 to April 1,
1901: Alice F. Debls, 10. years; Eleanor Rob-
erts, 2 years 10 months; Mary Phillips, 7
years; .Annie'- Sharman, fi years;' Harriet
Hharman, 3 years 4 months; Lillian L. Kos-
felt, 2 years 7 months; Bertha KoepD, 3
years 5 months; -Pauline E. Olson. 9 years 5
months; Frances Follis.,10 years 6 months.
OFFICE of Sierra Railway Company of Cali-
fornia, room 175 Crocker building,- San Fran-
Cisco; Cal.. April 1, 1901.
Coupon No. 8. due April 12. 1901, from first
mortgage 6 per cent bonds of Sierra Railway
Company of California, will be paid at the
fiscal agency Of this company, the Crocker-
Wool worth National- Bank, on and after that
date. . . S.- D. FRESHMAN, Treasurer.
LADIES— Chlchester English Pennyroyal .Pills
¦ are the best: safe, reliable; take no other;
send 4c stamps for particulars; "Relief for
Ladles". In letter by return mail; at drug-
gists. Chlchester Chemical Co.. Phlladal.. Pa.
CHEAPEST and best in America — The Weekly
Call, 10 pages, sent to any address- In the
United States or Canada one year for $1.
REFINED lady desires roorn and board in pri-
vate, family or boarding-house; . Bohemian
family preferred; state price; ref. 2978, Call.
Santa Fe.
Trains-Daily.
Leave Market-Street Ferry Depot.
Local Llm'd Ovrl'i Local
Daily. Dally. Daily. Dally.
Lv. San Fran 7:20 a 9:00 a 8:00 p 4:20 p
Ar. Stockton.. 10:2S a 11:45 a 11:03 p 7:25 p
•• Merced... 12:25 p 1:17 p 1:15 a ........
" Fresno .. 2:20 p 2:35 p 3:05 a .....
" Hanford.. 4:22 p 3:27 p 7:0« a *
•• VUalia .. 4:10 p 4:10 pr 4:45 a
" Tulare ... 4:27 p 4:27 p 8:05 a
" Bksfield.. «:50 p *:20 p 7:30 a
i ¦•¦ Kan. City 2:41a 7:30 a
•'• Chicago »:15 p 9:00 p
a for morning, p for afternoon.
»:00 a. m. train is the California Limited
Carrying Palace Sleeping Car* and Dining
Cars through to Chicago. Chair Car runs
to Bakersfleld for accommodation of local
first class passengers. No second class
tickets are honored on this train. Corre-
sponding train arrives at 6:55 p. m. dally.
4-20 p. m. is Stockton Lqpal. Correspond-
ing- train arrives at 11:05 a. m. dally.
8:00 P. m. Is the Overland Express, with
through Palace and Tourist Sleepers and
free Reclining Chair Car, also Palace
Sleeper, which cuts out at Fresno. Corre-
sponding train arrives at 6:55 p. m. dally.
7:20 a. rn. Is Bakersfleld Local, stopping
at all points In San Joaqutn Valley. Corre-
sponding train arrives at 8:40 a. m. dally.
Offices— «41 Market atreet and in Ferry
Depot, San Francisco; 11 IS Broadway. Oak-
land.
BOKN.
ARMSTRONG— In this city, March 30. 1901, to
the wife of William Armstrong, a eon.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mall will not be inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
FISHER— FOURATT— In ;this city, April 10,
1901 by the Rev. Father McAullffe, George
A. Fisher and Olivette Fouratt. : • v •
GROSS— BERGMANN— In' this city, April 10,
1901, by the Rev. J. Fuendeling, Charles W.
: Gross and Anna Bergrmann. sv
KRAFT— PAULSEN— In this city, April 7, 1901,
by the Rev. J. Fuendeling.-. Charles Kraft of
Isleton. Sacramento County, • Cal., and EHse
Paulsen of San Francisco. ¦
LESTER— HUMES— In this city. April 6, 1901,
by the Rev.. J. Fuendeling, Milton Lester and
Leona R. -Humes.
MILLER— BOTCHER— In this city, April 6,
1901 by the Rev. J. Fuendeling-, Wllhelm F.
Miller and Katie M. Botcher.
RAPP— LINNE— In. this city, April 10,' 1901, by
the Rev.; J. Fuendellnfr, Louis G. Rapp and
Meta Litine. ¦ • . ¦
VIEN— HUNDLING — In this city. April 7, 1901.
by the Rev. J. Fuendeling 1 , Joseph P. Vien
and Edith E. Hundling.
WOBBER— GREGOAINS— In this city, April
i ¦ 1, 1901. ' by the Rev. J. \ Fuendellng, William
. 13. Wobber and May Greggalns.
MARRIED.
Eugene McGinn.- ¦¦¦ : ., . «. McQINN BROS.
. Funeral Directors and Embalmers. , ,
- SI EDDY STRE1 r. --j- ¦ V* *-
Telephone South 2S2. . " -. . v ,. San Francisco.
»-' No Connection With Any Other House.'
/: HENRY J. GALLAGHER, CO. ,
(Successor to Flannagan & Gallagher.)
DANIEL P. DONOVAN. MgT. >
jruNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMER3.
-10 Fifth St.. opposite Lincoln School.
, -. .. . . ¦-: Telephone. South 80. ....¦-.
' -; Via Sausallto Ferry.
Commencing- September 30. 1900.
FROM BAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLEY
FROM B-a^ AND gAN RAFAEL ,
WEEK DAYS-«:66, ¦¦•»:«. 11:00 a, m.. n:H
2-15 4-C0. 6:16. '8:15, 6:40 p. m.
BXTBA TRIPS-For Mill Valley and Ban
Rafael on Mondays. Wednesdays and Satur-
Aavu at 9*00 and 11:35 P* m. ¦ -
SUNDAYS-'8:00. •10:00. 11:» a. m.. n:*
3-15 WAS. 8:30, 9:00 p.m.
Trains marked (•) run to San Quentln. '
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS-5:20. *«:30. 7:43. S:30 a. m..
•lt-30 V45. '3-30' * :3 °- 5:M P- «• J
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. ¦ Wednesday*
and Saturday" at 8:43 and 10:20 p. nr.
•&:<*>. WM. 11:15 a. m..
•1-40 1:15. 4:45, ;»«:30 p. m. v > J «i i j>-
Tralns marked (•) start from San QuenUn.
FROM MII^. VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS-5:«. 8:45. 7:65, 4:30 a, tn.,
12-J5.M0. 3:S0, 4:54, 5:20 p. m.
¦EXTRA TRIPS on Monday*. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:20 p. m. .
SUNDAYS— S:OS. 10:05 a. m.. 12:05. ttlS. 1:10.
6:00 ' <: * 5 - P " THROUGH. TRAINS. ,
6:55 a. m. week days— Cazadero and way
stations. -
.1:45 p.m. Saturdays — Tomales and way
stations. -- ¦ ,. .- . -,. ¦_ . _ .. *¦-_-_-
8 a. m. Sundays — Tomales and way sta-
tions.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD
SAN FRANCISCO. April ! 10, 1901.— The co-
partnership heretofore existing between F.
A. GILLEY and C. H. AMEY. both of the
city and county of San Francisco, State of
California, transacting business In said city
' and county -of San Francisco under the firm
name of F. A. GILLEY & CO.. is hereby
dissolved, the said F. A. GILLEY having
paid the said C. H. AMEY the sum of one
thousand dollars (J1000), the receipt where-
of is hereby acknowledged, and It is hereby
agreed that the said F. A. GILLEY shall
collect and receive all accounts or claims ow-
ing to the late firm as aforesaid, and shall
assume all liabilities of said firm.
In witness whereof the said F. A. GILLEY
and C. H. AMEY have • hereunto set their
hands the day and year first above written.
F. A. GILLEY,
/ • C. H. AMEY.
"Witness. L. SONNTAG.
DISSOLUTION OF, PARTNERSHIP.
BOUGHT, sold, renterl, repaired; needles and
shuttles: reduced rate:?. 145 6th: phono Mint R.
Just a little better
than any other train
— a little better ser-
vice—a more home-
like feeling on the
California
Limited •
than you find else-
where, and It runs
like this:
LEAVES SAN FRANCISCO
O:OO a-m lMo'.Tu IWeiThlFrtlSat! Su
ARRIVES AT CHICAGO
2:15 p.m |Th|FriiSatlSalMolTulWe
! 75 hours to Chicago
SOUTHERN PACIFIC. .
Train* l*i»*» »ml art tintn to »rrl>« n«
NAN riUNCINCO. '
(Main Ll:ie, Foot of Market Street)
X.SAVE — FROU MABCH 31. 1301. — AIIRITB
7x30* Benida, Sulstm, Elmlra. Vaca/rOle,
Ramsey and Uscnuiento..: 7i33p
7i3OAD»Tia, Woodland. Knighta Landing,
MarysTilie. Oroiiilo.. 7:3.1r
7:30a Atlantic Kxpress— Osdeu and East 12:23r
8:OU a Martinez, Sau lUmou, V*llejo. Napa,
Caliitoga ami ijante Ito» 0:S3r
8:00a Liveriaora, Stockton, H&iiford. Vha-
H», fortenille 4tS3p
8:OOa Nilcs. Lathrop, Merced. Fre*uo, Ba-
kirsfl'-'lii 4i33r
SiStf a Sitisu Express— D»t1j, Williams (for
Bartlett BprlDCs), Willows, Bed
• Bluff. Portland. 7:33r
I tillUA San Jose, LUermore, Stockton,
lone, .Haerameiito, PlacetTtlle,
. M»niTllle, Chien. Keel ItlnlT 4>23p
¦iSAa Oakdale, Chinese, honor*. Carters... 4l:8.1r
«:«I»a HajmnU. Miles and Way Stations. 1 1 -.US \
V'OOaLos Angeles Express — JJartluex.
Tracj. ij.tl.rop. rttocktou, Merced
Krenno »nd Los Anjales 7:03a
9:!l«» Vallrjo. Martinez ami War Station! S:33r
1O:OOa Tho Overland Limited— Ogden, Den-
Ter. Omaha. Chicago «tft3r
fltOOp Sacramento i:i»or .St«»ni«r« fSiOii*
St3Or Hajwards. Mies and Way fltattona. 7:33 p
•:ai»r Port CojU. Martinez. Byron, Stock-
ton,lrodl 10 33a
4iO«p Bcblela, Winters, H»er»menko,
Woodland, Knouts Landing,
M.rjsflllr., OruTllla I«:S«U
4<OOp M»xtin«x. Han lUmon, Vullejo,
Nap*. <!alt*t<>(». Hanta Itoaa Ui»3i
4i00pMles, Lrfsrmore, Stockton, Lodl,
Merced, Fresno ... 7:S3r
4 i8Op Haywarda. N lie*. San Juse. LlTenaore fSsSS*
«>«»p The Owl Limited— Tracy. Stockton.
! I Fresno, Bakcrsfleld. Saiigua (or
Saiit* Barbara, Los Angeles...... 8:33«
<8t«0p Hajnards, Niles aud Sao Jose 7:33 »
J«:OOr Vallejo I I:H3»
' 0iO»r Oriental Mall— Ogden. Oheyena*.
Omaha. Chio»go 13sS9#
UrSOp Oriental Mail— Ogden, Denier.
Omaha, Chioago. 4i2*t
7>00r Oregon and California ISxs>rass,Maa>
rammito. Maryatllle, ICoiMIng,
• 1'orttHiiil. Pug-ek Mound ami Kasfc SiOSa.
• ¦"'r San Pablo. Port Costa, Martinez
and Way Stations 11)33*
t»»QgP Vall»]n ; 7»3.">F
COAST LINE (Xnrrnw Mature).
(Foot of Market Street.*
»< 13a Neirark.UeiitRrtille.Hau. lose. Krlton,
Boulder Creek,fDanta Crux at 1 Way
Stations ttaat
fSiISP Newark. CenterTilla. Sau Jose. N» w
AlmaileD, Tattoo, llonldsr Creek.
Sauta Crux and rrinalpal Way
Statioue floi.io*
4il!ip Newark, Han Jose. Los Gatos 8»oo »
a9'.90r Hunters' Excursion, San Jots and
Way8Ut)ons n»*Ol?
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
rrimSlll mKClSCO— r«»t of Mark*! SlrnUSli?S>—
T7:15 8.00 11:001.11. 1:03 3:09 8:16m.
r«BlQiIUIID— fMltrBlMiwiT.— 1«:00 t*:00 t3.0l
10:00 a.m. 13:03 3:00 4:03 r.M. >
COAST LINE (Itroail Mange).
(ThlrJ and Townsend Sta.)
t«il «»A Ocean View, South Halt Kraneloco.. i<li.1Oi»
7:O»a Naii Jose and Way .Stations li.t»»
/~t«MiA New Al»ia«1«o... / 1:301
SiOOa Coast Line Limited, 8*n Jose, Gilror.
Bsllnas, P.ao Kobles, San Luis
Obiipo, Lompoc, Santa Barbira,
Los Angeles I0:I3»
. »>30a Han Jose. Tres I'Iikm. Hauta. Ornx.
Pacific Urnve and Principal Inter-
mediate HUttmis 7s3Or
II<8OA S»n June and Way Station* BtSOr
}2: 15y San Mateo, Itedwood, Menlo Park,
Palo Alto, Santa Clara. Ban Jom,
Tres Pinos. Santa Crux, Salinas.
Monterey and l'aellie Orors (H>:43»
fSiaop San Jose and Way Stations «:.t»A
t-l:l!»p San Jose aiul Principal Way .Station* U:I3«
?«il3r Sunset limited— El Paso, New Or-
leans and Ea»t 4 tO:18.i
t3:00p San Josn, Los Gatos and Principal
Way Stations : fOlO3t
StSOp Sau Jose ami Principal Vi'rj Stations *i.ttt a
'l::i»pS»nJni.«iiit Way Stations )»:»««
~:iiOr Neir Orleans Express, San .lose,
8int« Barbara. Los Angeles. D m- _ . ftA .
tne. El Pa»o. New Orleans and B»st T.OOA
7:00? Del Monte, Monterey. Pacific Giov* ,„.«»
Lompoc i .»,.„
»lli4»p San Jw»«ml Way Stations 7:3QP
A for Morning. . V for Afternoon,
t Hnnday exceitted. t Sunday only.
g Wednesdays. / Taasdaj* »nd Frldari.
e8andsys. '.¦.'. a 3»turd«j only.
CALffORBIi 80RTHIESTEHH BY. CO.
LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlburon Ferry, Foot of Market St.
San Francisco to San Rafael.
TIBTJRON FEBKT- FOOT OF MARKET ST.
WEEK DATS— 7:20. 9:00. 11:00 a. m.; lt:3S. »:30.
1:10. 1:80 p. m. Thursday*— Extra trip at 11 :»
p. m. Saturday«—Extr» trip« at 1:50 and
11-30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— S:00. 1:10. 11:00 «, m.; 1:30. 1:30.
6:00. 6:20 p. ra.
San R»*»el *• S*» Krauacise*.
WEEK DATS— «:W, 7:M. 8:20, 11:10 a, m.: 12;*»
8740. 1:10 p. m. Bitarday»-Extr» tripa at 1:S*
6^>AY^8& •:«. ll:» a. m.'. 1:40. «*
Between San Francisco and Schwtasjn Park.
same schedule aa above.
Leave I In Effect I Arrt**
Pan Francisco. [Nov. 7. 1900. [ Ban Francises.
Week I Sun- I I Sub- | Week.
Pays. I daA. ( Destination. ! day-.- t Day*.
7-J0am 8:00 am Novato. 10:40 am >:«*n»
1:10 pm »:30am Petaluma. «:05 pm 10:» am
% :10 pm S:0Opm Santa Roaa. 7:fe pm <-J3 pm
Fulton. *
7- JO am Windsor. M:» am
. Healdsburx.
Lytton.
O«yservlll«. „
g:SO pm 8:00 am CloTcrdale. T:8S pm «:» pm
7:>0 H 8:00 ami aff'uSah. [ 7:S pm| «:« pm
: jO am '' ' I "luislm
8:00 am GuernevMe. 7:35 pm
« :30 pm r I f «:M pm
'7-30 am 8:00 am - Sonoma 9:15 ara 3:40 am
and • - i
5:18 pm 6:00 pm Olen Ellen. <:C8 pm 8:33 pm
7:20 ami 8:00 ami ~- 110:49 am 110:23 am
3:30 pm| 8:00 pm{ Sebastopol. I 7:35 pm| «:22 pm
Stages connect at Santa, Kosa for MarkWeat
Sprln«s and White Sulphur Sprinji; at Fulton
for Altruria; at Lytton for Lytton Springs: at
Geyserville for 6ka«s Springs; at Cloverdale
for the Geysers; at Hopland for Duncaa
Bprlnss. Highland Bprtnra. Kel-eyvlUe.^ Carla-
bad Springs, Soda Bay, Lalceport and Bartlett
Spring*; at Titian for Vichy Spring*. Baratoc*
Iprings. Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lak«. Witter
Bprtnl* Upper Lake. Porno. Potter Valley.
John Day*». Riverside. IJerley'-. Bucknelfa.
Eanbedrln Heights. HullvlUe. Orr's Hot Springs.
Mendodno City. Fort Brass. Westport. U»al.
Willetta, LaytonTllle, Camming*, Bell's Springs,
Harris. Olsens, Dyer, Scotia and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickats at re-
duced rates.
On Sundays, round- trip tickets to all point*
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket office. K0 Market st. Chronicle build-
|a*. JL X RYAN,
H. C. WHITING. Gen. Pasa, A*L
- .General Manager. •
MOUNT TAMALPAI5 RAILWAY
'. v ' Via SausalUo Ferry— Foet of Market St
t*. •»" r*AM.' ««• *«» •-»!«.
1:45 r. jc V ' WEEK DATS . <:25 p
4:00 p. u.) Stay over nigh tat the tat taur I ,to:» .x.u.
8:00a. tf.) I IMr.iL
10:00 a. v . f RTTVrtAVS *$Qr. «.
UMa.*.\ SUNDAYS 4:ap.»,.
1:14 T.m.} ' ' I 5^5 r. u.
Fin. San Francisco to Summit and Return. $1.40.
Ticket Offices. 621 Market St., <fc Sansalito Ferry.
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
612O KEABXT ST. Established
In 1S34 for tbe treatment of 1'rlvatw
Diseases, Lost Manhood. Debility or
rtispase wearing: on body and mind and
Skin Diseases. The Doc tor cares wht-n
others fall. Try htm. Charges low.
Cnrr« BTt»»rsii»t-'ed. Gilt or writ*
Dr. a. *". *il BB o>, ban Francisco. CaL . -
ALL kinds bought, sold," rented, exchanged, re-
• paired; open even. ; phone Black 1124. 205 4th.
ALL kinds bought, sold and repairing guaran-
teed. Charles Plambeck, 1915 Mission, nr. 15th.
51 — 0 — 1^^-—^?™ 5111 *?!. 111^ 8 *
, father of. Lottie A., Carl; "William arM Gor :
don Biers and Mrs. A. H. McDonald, a na-
tive of Germany,' aged 60 . years.
BIRCH— In Haywards, Cal., April 9, 1901.' Wil-
liam H.. beloved husband of Mrs. E. J-
Birch, and father of Mrs. H. C Biggs and
. W.i Walter and Frank C. Birch, a native of
Boston, . Mass., aged 69 years 5 months and
'¦ 28 days, -y --_-.* .: V - ¦ - - • ¦ ¦' '¦'
ICT Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday)', at 1:45 o'clock, from the MaBonlc
Temple, corner Post and Montgomery stre*t»-,
under' the auspices of California Command-
ery No. 1, K. T." Interment Cypress Lawn
Cemetery, by 3:30 o'clock train from Third
• and Townsend streets. Remains at 1700
Pierce street, corner of Sutter. San Fran-
cisco.
BRUCKER— In this city. April 9, 1901. Gottlob
Brucker, dearly beloved husband of Mary
Brucker, beloved father of Adelina, Louis
and Celma Brucker, brother of August
1 Brucker, and uncle of Mrs. Bertha Bold and
- Charles, August, Louisa, Henry ¦ and Viola
Bruoker, a native of Wurtfemberg, Germany,
aged 52 years and 6 days. A member of Mis-
sion Lodge No. 10, O. d. H. S. . .*. ,
E^Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
- fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 8 o'clock, from his late resi-
dencfr, 1428 Broadway, between Polk and Lar-
kin streets, thence to St. Boniface's. Church,
Golden 'Gate avenue, near Jones street, where
a solemn requiem high mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of his soul, commenc-
ing at 0 o'clock. Interment. Holy Cross
Cemetery. -
CAFFYN— In this city, April 10, 1901, Dagmar.
beloved wife of Fred Caftyn, and sister of
¦ Mrs. J. H. Claussen and E. W., Walter and
Miss Etfrelda I Bruening, a native of St.
Louis, Mo.' (St. Louis, Mo., and Seattle,
Wash., papers please copy.) .
(CTThe funeral.. will take place to-morrow
(Friday), at 2:30 o'clock, from the parlors of
H. F. Suhr & Co., 1137 Mission street, be-
tween Seventh and Eighth. Interment pri-
vate. " . • • • , • ¦ .'
CAKVILL— In this city, April 10, 1901, at his
residence, 1S34 O'Farrell- street, opoosite
Pierce, Orrin S. Carvlll, dearly beloved hus-
band of Delia Carvlll. and father of A. D.
Carvlll of San Francisco. Mrs. i J. M. Stead-
man of Portland, Me., Mrs. N. E. Couslna of
Alameda and Mrs. George H. Plppy of San
Francisco,., a native 0. Lewiston, Me., aged
74 years.
CLEAVELAND— Iri this city, April 10. 1901.
George R., beloved husband of Luella S.
Cleaveland, ' a native of Boston. Mass., aged
46 years and 25 days. (Portland, Or., papers
pleape copy.) ¦ ¦ ¦ . -
ICTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 1114 Post street. Interment I. O. O. F.
Cemetery. •>,
COOPER— In Sacramento, Cal.. April 4, 1901,
• Manuela E. Cooper, beloved mother of Ed-
ward O. Carrera and the ' late Joseph Gre-
holber. a native of Mexico, aged 65 years.
ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 11 o'clock, from the mortuary
chapel of the Golden Gate Undertaking Com-
pany, 2425 Mission street, near Twenty-first.
Interment Cypress ' Lawn Cemetery, by 11:30
o'clock train from Valencia and Twenty-fifth
streets. ¦ . - - ¦,
CROWLEY— In this city, April 10. 1901, Mar-
garet, relict of the late John D. Crowley,
dearly beloved mother of Mamie Crowley,
and sister •. of John Sullivan, a native of
County Cork, Ireland, aged 63 years.
ICTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 1:30 o'clock, from her late resl-
' dence, 303 Ivy avenue, between Franklin and
Gough streets, thence td St. Mary's Cathe-
dral for services. Interment Mount Calvary
Cemetery.
CUNNINGHAM— In "Windsor, Sonoma County,
Cal., Z. H. Cunningham, beloved husband of
Martha Ann Cunningham, and father of Mrs.
Lewis Hanilin and William L. Cunningham,
a native of East Plttson, Me., aged 68 years
6 months and 29 days. (Massachusetts and
Maine papers please copy.) - - ,
- (CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
at chanel of I. O. O. F. Crematory. San
Francis'co, to-morrow (Friday), at 12 o'clock.
DEGNAN— In this city, April 10, 1901, Bridget
Degnan, beloved widow of the late Dominick
Degnan, and beloved mother of Thomas P.
Degnan, Mrs. Mary McGrath. Mrs. Annie
Burger and the late Michael and Joseph Deg-
nan? a native of County. Sligo, Ireland, aged
74 years and 4 months. ,
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late, resi-
dence, ¦ 2905 Pine street, . between Baker and
Lyon, thence to St. Dominic's Church, cor-
ner Bush' and Steiner streets, where a sol-
emn requiem hfgh mass will be celebrated for
the repose of her soul, commencing at 9
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
DREW— In Oakland, April 9, 1901, Sarah E.
Drew, a native of New York State, aged 76
years and 11 days. . •
(ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
this day (Thursday), at 2 o'clock, at her
late residence, 472 Twenty-fourth street, Oak-
land. • . Interment private.
DUGGAN— In this city, April 9, • 1901, Joseph
F. Duggan, beloved son of the late John and
Bridget Duguan, and dearly beloved brother
of the late Maggie Duggan and Mrs. Mary
Hegarty (nee Devine), a native of Santa
Cruz, Cal., aged 26 years.
¦C^Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
¦ fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
-, (Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 26 Antonio street, off Jones, between
O'Farrell and Ellis, thence to St. Mary's
.. Cathedral for services at 2:30 o'clock. Inter-
ment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
DULEY— In this city, April 9, 1901. George J.
P. Duley, beloved son of Lucy and the late
William P. Duley, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 25 years 9 months and 14 days.
CyFuneral this day (Thursday),' at 1:30
o'clock, from the residence of his mother. 224
Jersey street, thence to St. James Church,
Twenty-third and Guerrero streets, for ser-
vices at 2 o'clock. Interment Mount Calvary
Cemetery." . '
FOLEY— In this city, April 10, 1901, Anne, be-
loved wife of Patrick Foley, and mother of
Mary Foley, a native of County Monaghan,
Ireland.
C?"Remalns at the parlors of Carew &
English, 41 Van Ness avenue. Notice of fu-
neral hereafter. *
FOLEY— In this city, April 9, 1901. Catherine
Foley," a native of Ireland.
GILBERT— In this city, April 9, 1901. Eliza-
beth . Sprague Gilbert, beloved sister, of Mrs.
J. S. : Adams, a native of Boston, Mass. (Bos-
ton, Mass., and Seattle, Wash., papers please
copy.) "¦"• . '. .
CPFrlends and acquaintances are resp«ct-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from her late -resi-
dence, 3022 California street, between Baker
and Lybn. Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
GILLETT— In this city, April 10, 1901, Lvcetta
R., beloved wife of Dr. Milo J. Glllett. a
native of New York. ¦ ' .
' C?"Friends and acquaintances axe respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 127 Ellis street. • Interment Laurel
Hill Cemetery. • .
HART— In this city, April 9, 1901, at his resi-
dence. 1325 Sacramento street, William, be-
loved husband of the late Elizabeth I Hart,
and father of William and Mary Hart, a
native of County Leitrim, Ireland.
• E?" Notice of funeral hereafter.
HEMBERGER— In this city, April 7, 1901,
Julia Hemberger, dearly beloved mother of
/ Mrs. L. . Kipp, Mrs. F. Enos, Mrs. F. K.
Dedrick, /Mrs. L. Burmeister and Frank,
- Rose, Albert. and Edward Hemberger, a na-
tive of Bad?n, Germany, aged .57- years and
14 ¦ days.-., (Baden, Germany, papers j please
copy.) ' * ' ••-¦•' '• .
(ET'Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 8:30 o*elock, from her late resi-
dence, 118 Drumm street, near Clay, thence
to St. Boniface's Church, Golden Gate ave-
nue, 'between Jones and . Leavenworth streets,
where a requiem high mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of her soul, commenc-
ing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
•JACQUENOT— In this city. April , 10, 1901,
Madeline, youngest and beloved daughter of
• Lizzie and the late George Jacquenot, and
sister of James. Clarlse and George Jacque-
not, a native of San ¦ Francisco, aged 2 years
¦ 11 months and 12 days.
KENTZELL- In this city, April 10, 1901, Rob-
- ert W., beloved husband of Jennie Kentzell,
father of Myrtle and Leonlde Kentzell, and
V brother i of Theodore, Richard,- James and
• Joseph Kentzell, a native of San Francisco,
aged, 32 years 3 months and 20 days. "-
¦ (C7"Notice of funeral hereafter.
KENEALY— In this city, April 10. 1901, Nicho-
las, beloved husband of Mary Kenealy, father
•of Elizabeth Kenealy, and brother of James
Kenealy, a native of Glenlara, County COrk,
Ireland, aged 43 years and 1 .month. (Chicago
papers please copy.) . ¦ ¦
i £? Notice, of funeral hereafter.
KIMBALL— In this city, April 8, 1901, Charles
H., beloved husband of the late Jennie Kim-
ball, father of ¦ Camella, '¦ Ethel ' and Charles
H. Kimball Jr.. son of Mrs. »J. H. Thomas,
and brother of • William -E. and -<¦ Fred H.
; Kimball and Miss Josie Thomas, a native of
• Michigan City, Ind., aged 35 years and 10
months. ¦ ' : ¦ '•' ¦'
:(CTFriends arid acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 1:30 o'clock, from, the resi-
dence of . his brother, W. E. Kimball, 2850
Folsom street, between Twenty-fourth and
Twenty-fifth. Interment Cypress Lawn Ceme-
tery- - .'¦'.¦'¦- i ¦ -'¦-..-
KLEINHANS— In this city, 'April 10, 1901, John
* Klelnhans, beloved husband of Elizabeth
t Klelnhans, and father of Ida M. and Albert
Kleinhans and Mrs. A. F. Matthews, a na-
tive of Belvedere, 'N. , J., aged 67 years 2
' '"months and" 1 day. --T •¦ >
KITBACH— In this . city, April 8. 1901i Louis
Kubach,' beloved husband of Anna Kubach.
a native of Baden-Baden, Germany, aged 56
years 11 months and 27 days. , A member of
Taku \Tribe No. * 1, Imp. Order of Red Men
¦ of Juneau, Alaska. - - ' •. -¦ -•¦ :
(C?"Friends and acquaintances and members
of the Imp. Order of Red Men are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors ot H. F. Maass. 317 Mission street.
Interment Mount Olivet Cemetery. .
LUDWIG— In this city, April 10. 190L Gertrude
Ludwig, beloved daughter of 'Mr. and Mr».
Carl LudwUr.
MCCARTHY— In this city. April 10, 1901. Mich-
ael John, beloved eon of John and Katie Mc-
Carthy, a native of San Francisco, aged 2
months and 7 days. .
McGRIFFIN— In this city. April 10. 190L
Maria, beloved wife of Joseph McGrlftln, and
mother of Joseph A: and Charles A. McGrif-
fin, a native of Florida, aged 61 years.
ir-7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
I (Friday), at 9:30 o'clock,- from her late resl-
; dence. 701 Stockton street, corner of Califor-
nia, thence to St. Mary's Church, California
street, where a solemn requiem mass will be
celebrated for the repose of her soul, com-
mencing- at 10 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
If, Cemetery.
NICOLEISEN— In Fruitvale. April 8. 1901.
Alva, daughter of C. P. and Marie Nicolei-
sen, and sister of Emil Nicolelsen. a native
of Fruitvale, aged 5 years S months and 9
days.
O'KEEFE— In this city, April 10. 1901. David
O'Keefe, beloved brother of Maurice O'Keefe.
a native of County Limerick, Ireland, aged
83 years. ¦ ' '
PETERSON— In Sacramento. April 9. 1901.
James > Peterson, beloved husband of Anne
Minnie Peterson, father of Emmett James
Peterson, brother of Peter H. Connor. H. C.
Connor, Hans Connor, Louis Peterson and
Mrs. A. M. Brandt. »nd brother-in-law of
Charles F. Curry, a native of Denmark, aged
37 years 11 months and 19 days.
CTFrlenda and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the- funeral this day
(Thursday), on the arrival of the- 4:23 p. m.
'train from Sacramento. Interment Laurel
Hill Cemetery..
REDDY— Edward A. Reddy, a native of Woon-
socket, R. I.
' Ey Notice of funeral hereafter.
RONOLDSON— In this city. April 10. 1901. John
Ronoldson. a native of London, England,
aged 27 years and 10 months.
E?"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 1 o'clock, from the parlors of
H. F. Suhr & Co., 1137- Mission street, be-
tween Seventh and Eighth. Interment Mount
Olivet Cemetery, by electric funeral car from
¦ Eighth and Harrison streets.'
SCHAERTZER— In this city. April 10. 1901.
John A. Schaertzer, dearly beloved husband
• of Barbara Schaertzer, and father of Mrs.
C. J. Turre, Mrs. F. R. Haley, Mrs. E. R.
Fletcher and Henry C, Fred C, John A.,
Joseph P.. Charles H.. Eddie, and Barbara
Schaertzer, a native of Bavaria. Germany,
aged 03 years and 11 months.
CyFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from tbe Independent
Order of Red Men's Hall. 510 Bush street.
¦ where services will be held under the aus-
pices of Pacific- Stamm No. 66. U. O. R. M.
Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery. Remains at
the funeral parlors of /&. F. Maass. 917 Mis-
sion street. > . . •
SHELTON— In this city. April 10. 1901. Annie,
beloved wife of Daniel Shelton. and mother
of Thomas and James Shelton. a native of
Liverpool, England, aged B0 years.
ETRemains at the parlors of J. C. O'Con-
nor & Co., 767 Mission street. Notice of fu-
. neral hereafter.
SKIFF— In the City and County Hospital.
April 10. 1901. Alonzo N. Skiff. . a native of
Massachusetts, aged 34 years.
SMITH— In this city. April 10, 1901. at his resi-
dence. 4138 Twenfy-nf th street, Owen, • be-
loved husband of the late Bridget Smith, and
loving father of Mary A., John C. and James
J. Smith, a native .of County Cavan, Ire-
land,' aged 71 years. . -.
E3 1 " Notice .of funeral hereafter. ¦
TUMELTY — In Somersvllle, Contra Costa
County, April 9, 1901, Etta, beloved wife of
John Tumelty, beloved mother of J. T. Tum-
elty, daughter .of ' Thomas and Annie Jones,
granddaughter of John and the late Margaret
Jones, and sister of Albert F. and George
- Jones, a native of Somersville, Contra Costa
County, Cal., aged 26 years 2 months and 16
. days.
ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the- funeral to-morrow
¦ (Friday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence of
her aunt, Mrs. J. P. Hughes, 1438 Guerrero
street, corner of Army. Interment Cypress
Lawn Cemetery.
"WARREN— In this city. April 8. 1901, Paul
Warren, a native of Illinois, aged 31 years.
ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
• (Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors of Porter & White. 122 Eddy street.
Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
WIEIZIN— In this city. April 10. 1901, August
Wielzin, a native of Germany, aged 64 years.
WIENER— In Corte Madera. April 9. 1901. Bella
A., wife of the late Adolph Wiener, and
mother ot Gustave, Jacob and Emma Wiener,
a native of Germany, aged 66 years.
(ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 10 o'clock, from the family resi-
dence, 504 Buchanan street. Interment Hills
of Eternity Cemetery, by 11:30 o'clock train
from Third and Townsend streets.
WHALEN— In this city, April 9. 190L Annie
i relict of the late Thomas Whalen. and be-
loved mother of Katie Whalen. Mrs J a
Mahoney and the late Mrs. M. F. O'Connor'
a native of County KHdare, Ireland, aged 77
years.
lt7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late
residence, 321 Jessie street, thence to St. Pat-
rick's Church, where a requiem hlarh mass
will be 'celebrated for the repose of her soul
at 9 o'clock. Interment Mount Calvary Ceme-
tery.
DIED.
Barr. Fannie B. ', Kentzell, Robert W.
Beckstadt. William Kenealy., Nicholas
Biers. Charles H. . Kimball. Charles H.
Birch. William H. Klelnhans. John
Brucker,' Gottlob- Kubach, Louis
Caffyn, Dagmar ,•• • LudWig, Gertrude ¦
Can-ill, Orrln S. ¦ ~, McCarthy, Michael.
Cleaveland. Geo. R- . McGriffin. Maria
Cooper. ManuelaE. Nicolelsen. Alva .
Crowley, Marearet O'Keefe. David
Cunningham, Z. H. Peterson. James
Degnan, Bridget - Reddy, Edward A.
Drew, Sarah E.' ' ; Ronoldson, John
Duggan, Joseph F/ Schaertzer. John A.
Duley, Geo. J. P. Shelton. -Annie
Foley,' Anne ' • • Skiff. Alonzo
Foley, Catherine i . 'Smith.' Owen
Gilbert, Elizabeth S. . Tumelty, Etta- /
Glllett. Lucetta , R. „ Paul
: Hart, William ' Wielzin, August •
Hemberger, Julia ; Wiener. Bella A.
Jacquenot, Madeline . Whalen. Annie
BARR— In this city, April j 10. 190L Fannie
Blanc Barr, widow of the late John D. . Barr,
and mother of Stewart, Milton,: William, Ed-
win Lottie. Marcus,-. May, Florence and the
late Fannie A. . Barr, aged 65 years.' -. r .r
icyFrlends are ¦ respectfully Invited to at-
tend the < funeral to-morrow (Friday), at 2
o'clock, from her late residence, 3030 Wash-
vjngton street. Interment I. O.- 0. F. Ceme-
BECKSTEDT— In this city," April 9, 1901. Wil-
liam Beckstedt. -beloved father of William
¦ and Dledrich Beckstedt, ; a native of Hanover,
Germany, aged 80 years and .8: months.
(Washington, D. C, ; papers please copy.) .-•
5 E?" Friends and ' acquaintances . are respect-
fully Invited "to attend the funeral . this day
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
H F Suhr& Co., -1137 'Mission i street. v be-
tween Seventh' and Eighth. .; Interment Mount
Olivet Cemetery, by electric funeral car from
' Eighth .-' and . Harrison * streets. Please • omit
. flowers. • ¦» ' ¦:; '- ¦ ''".-¦ ¦'*,.*¦''..'""'.¦ ¦"-.''.
BIERS— In ' Oakland. ; April 10, 1301.' Charles
. Henry,* husband of Jennie E. Biers, and
GENTLEMAN wishes sunny room with board
In private family or small boarding-house In
Western Addition; state terms: Box 2876, Call.
WANTED— Room for father and board for 2
children. 11 and 6 years , old ; near Larkin
and Geary sts. ; state terms ; j must be rea-
sonable. Box 2983, . Call office. ..
ROOMS AND . BOARD "WANTED.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The "Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for $1,
postage pald^ ~ •
MATERNITY- HOSPITAL. 997 Market St.— La-
dles during confinement w. 10 days' care, $20.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION CO.,
415 Montgomery st., rooms 9-19; tel. 6580,
\CHICAGO \
tn LESS. Man
THREE DAYS
San Francisco At 10 A. M.
Chicago, Union) Pacific.
& North- Western Line
f^OUVLE Drawing-T{oom Sleeping
I J Cars, Buffet, and Library
•*-^jfOars, with barb/r. Dining Cars—
msalia I* carl*. 'Daily Tourist Car
Service and Personally Conducted Ex-
cursions every toeeh from San Francisco
at 6 p. m. The but of everything.
It. ' It. HITCH IB
617 Market St. General Agent raetfie Coast
J-alacs Hotel SAX FBAyclSCO
- - ___^________;SOCIETY MAN AND ACTRESS
WHO HAVE PLIGHTED
THEIR" TROTH. (
' Dr. J. C. Stinson has removed his office to 533
Sutter street, corner Mason. Phone Black 36S1.
.Residence California' Hot*l. Phone John 1521 •
. '.' '. • ¦ ¦": ¦ • ¦ -• \-- '•-
"Major" Lewis on Trial. 1
•The trial of '.'Major': Edwin Lewis on the
charge of forgery was commenced before
a jury in Judge Lawlor's court yesterday.
He is accused cf forging a deed to prop
erty belonging : to the Meyer Lewis ! estate
'¦'¦-''" :....¦¦¦
In the Divorce \ Court.
Florence. M. 'Finberg was granted -a* di-"
vorce yesterday from Martin -J.: ; Finberg
on the ground of cruelty. ¦ The action I for
divorce- instituted -by Marie Merritt
against, Charles -W. Merritt . was heard
yesterday ! and submitted ¦ to -Judge Gra
ham for decision. Suits for divorce have
been filed by. Nellie Phillips against Louis
Phillips for cruelty; Louise Kelly against
William Kelly tor desertion, W. H; -Smith
Jr. against Catrlna ? Smith for cruelty.
Percy - Fowler against Ellen Fowler . for
cruelty, and Pauline Dennison against
John R. Dennison for cruelty.
CORONER'S JURY
CHARGES MURDER
Testimony Shows Cordes
Took Aim at the Men
He Shot.
According to the story told -yesterday by
the witnesses at the Coroner's inquest,
John Cordes had made up his mind to
kill Kittie Kisel, "clean .out" the saloon
at 530 Pacific street,* where she worked
selling" 'dfirilfs "on . commlssfon" to" drunken
sailors and then to kill. himself. He lired
two shots at Kittie, but' his aim was bad.
He had better luck, however, with the
next shots, for each of the three bullets
fired entered a man, causing-the death of
two and seriously injuring the third.
"Paul Jones, seafaring man, Fred Polsen,
sailor,- and Charles Nelson,- the bartender
of the saioon, agree J as: to the vital facts
of the double murder; - They saw Kittie
running through the barroom with Cordes
following and shooting, at , her. After she
had disappeared into the street, Cordes
turned to the left and shot John Carlson,
who was standing. outside of the bar; then
he shot Peter Sjorgren; then he wheeled
to the rear' and shot 'the third man, who
was trying -to get under cover beind the
bar. After shooting the men, Cordea
placed the muzzle of the pistol against
his • right \ temple and -.pulled, the trigger
several times, but. -there being no more
cartridges in the revolver, there was no
discharge.
Carlson died in the ambulance on the
¦way to the Harbor Hospital, and Sjorgren
died last Monday.- the shooting having oc
curred at 1 o'clock on the Thursday morn
nig previous.
• Kittie Eisel testified that she had been
living with Cordes , for eight years,
and had always had trouble with him be
cause of his bad temper and quarrelsome
disposition. He often threatened to kill
her. They bought some property recently
in Alameda County and went to reside
there, but they could not make a living,
and he declared that he would not go to
work. Finally, the place having been
mortgaged for $400, she proposed that she
should go to work in the Pacific-street
dive, and ha consented.- - - - -
The last quarrel they had was over the
proposed sale of the property. Cordes
came to the saloon and after a few words
placed his right hand into his overcoat
pocket, saying: ! "I'm a thoroughbred and
I can fix all the people in this house: I've
got you now." He drew the revolver, but
it fell to the floor, and she ran screaming
through the barroom into the street with
Cordes in pursuit shooting at' her.
The jury returned a verdict charging
Cordea with murder." •
Major Blakeney Sued.
| Major Blakeney of the Life-saving Sta
tion was sued yesterday in-,the Justices'
Court by J. M. Litchfield & Co. for
$57 50. alleged to be due for clothing
furnished within the last - two yeais.
Blakeney in answer •. to the complaint
pleads the statute of limitations and
"claims that he has not. bought any clothes
from the firm -for twenty-five years. -The
complainants- threaten to bring th* mat
ter to the attention of the United States
Government authorities. -"
Swanson Held for Trial.
.Hugo Swanson. . a sailor., was held to
I ans-yfrcr before-, the ' Superior .Court by
1 Judge Fritz yesterday on two charges of
j assault to murder in JIOOO bonds on each
!' charge. On the night of March 20 Swan
; son had a ouarrel with G*.-B. and John
r Johansen and later lay In wait for them
J at Steuart and.Folsom streets. He at
i tacked them, with- a knife and stabbed
thenrboth severely. - • ,
I S-rrf — ~—- — —
j _ If .you travel, fish, hunt or play grolf your
constant companion should be Jesse Moore.
Chairman of House Military
Committee Wilf Study
Filipinos/ j
¦ •. :. ? I-
Congressman J. A..T. Hull, chairman of
the House Committee on Military Affairs,
accompanied by his wife and daughter, Is
at the Palace Hotel, the guest of his son.
Major Hull, who is judge advocate of the
Department of .California. "Congressman
Hull is on his way to the Philippines,
where he will remain for two months,
spending the time making a study, of the
people, their needs and necessities and the
general condition of the islands. Con
gressman Hull said last night: ' -
"I am, making this trip for the purpose
of becoming thoroughly acquainted . with
the .'Philippine Islands, their inhabitants
and the general condition of affairs there.
I look upon the islands as part ;of the
United States, and as . such we have got
to legislate for them. ' Instead of.depend
ing upon : what we read and hear, for. a
knowledge of their needs and necessities
I think -it a. better plan to obtain such
knowledge, from personal observation;
"We have: got to legislate^for, them, and
to do so properly we should _be'- personally
acquainted with them. Others besides my
self have taken the sameU'iew,' arid 'dur-'
ing the coming : season fully;- fifty mem
bers of the Senate and House will visit
the islands., Quite'a number of the legis
lators are now en route to Manila, 'many
of them preferring to leave on the steam
ers sailing from New York. : < ; -.; •
- "I probably will? remain in", the 'islands
for two months. My wife and daughter
will accompany me and we: anticinate a
pleasant trip. This .is: not my, first trip
to California. • I over here 'two
years ago on my : way i to -Alaska, 1 which
I visited for. the purpose of becoming ac
quainted with the needs of the ~ country
and people in the way of legislation. I
find that personal observation gives -one
a much better ideaW what is needed than
a dependence upon ~ what " is ,' printed or
told by others." ¦ - ' ¦'.¦¦¦ . ;- .
There was a conference at the- Union
League ClubOast evening.of a subcommit
tee of the general committee apointed by
the legislature. to make arrangements for
receiving President McKinley at the capi
tal of California. . . ' .
Jacob H. Neff, Lieutenant'. Governor;
Cornelius W. Pendletoh, Speaker of j the
Assembly; Robert T. Devlin, , State Sena
tor; Grove L. Johnson, ' Assemblyman;
i"Yank J. Brandon, secretary of tho.Sen
ate, and L. A. Hilborn, assistant clerk of
HULL IS EN ROUTE
FOR PHILIPPINES
Knights Templar Arranging
for Triennial Meet in
Louisville.
\ t . • ¦ .
California Commandery Xo. 1 and Gold
en Gate Commahdery No. 16, Knights
Templar of this city, are already actively
making preparations for | the piigrlmage
to Louisville, Ky., where the next trienni
al conclave will be held in August.
California Commandery will leave in a
special train and will act as special escort
to .Most Eminent Sir Reuben H. Lloyd,
theVgrand master of the. grand encamp
ment. The commandery announces that
it will entertain most lavishly in its head
quarters in the Gait House, which are to
be magnificently decorated by an artist
from this city. A large number of electric
lights will be used in the decorations. At
tached to the train carrying the ' Sir
Knights will be two cars loaded with Cali
fornia fruits^ and: two with California
wines, all for free distribution on the day
that the commandery will hold its receu
tion. In the distribution there will be
used 10.000 willow baskets, each containing
three pounds' of fruit and two bottles of
wine. There will also be a programme of
entertainment. The commanderv will be
accompanied by a local band and in the
grand parade will be mounted on black
horses, the finest to be obtained in the
Bluegrass State.
Golden Gate commandery does not in
n d . rt t ?h be K«1 ?lln i in thc sn ' ow " u has se 
cured the billiard room of the Gait House
for headquarters and has engaged accom
moflations in the hotel for 150. which is the
number that will leave Oakland pier in
the finest vestlbuled train that has ever
been run over the road. -- ....
The commandery will have with it its
drill corps of thirty swords, : under com
mand of Colonel William Edwards, which
has already come out first in a number of
contests. It has been drilling every Wed
nesday In the Pavilion in this city, as it
has entered for the competitive drill and
expects to come back with the trophy
ARE PREPARING
FOR CONCLAVE
DEATH BROUGHT
BY BOY'S HAND
Orson West Killed Through
Redmond Johnson Turn
ing Lever.
Redmond Johnson, a bright-faced little
boy in knickerbockers and nine and a half
years old, told the Coroner's jury yester
day that it was by his hand that .Orson
C West came to his death in the Phelan
bunding- elevator last Monday night.
The testimony of the witnesses was that
Alfred L. West, a son of the victim,
stepped ' into the elevator first. Waiting
behind him were his father and Edward
>>. Borg. Just as the cider- West stepped
upon the floor of the cage, the elevator
went up at full speed, crushing him
against the second floor. Hugh M. Cam
eron,- 20 years old, and -in charge • of -the
e!tvator. reversed the lever and brought
the elevator half way. down to the start
ing point, and the injured man fell' to' the
bottom of the well.
Cameron said he : saw Mr. Borg waiting
to outer the cage after Mr. West, that
he did not have . hold .of . the lever and
that the elevator ascended at full speed
as the elder Mr. West was- stepping
into it. • • " . ¦ ¦ :> , • »„ •
Redmond Johnson, j the Innocent cause
ot ttie old" man's death, was very nervous
and very much frightened when he took
the witness chair. He said he had gone
into the elevator with his father, who re
quested him to wait until, he returned.
"I* pushed the lever 'with -..my arm,' and
it went up as Mr. West was going on "
b« said. "I didn't think it- was danger
ous." ¦ ; • / ¦
"You pushed it accidentally, didn't
you?" inquired the Coroner.
"Xo. sir. I pushed it with my arm, but
I cidn t think anybody would get hurt "
The jury returned a verdict that Orson
C West was accidentally wued »>•*•*««
elevator of the Phelan building, "and we
censure the owner of said bulldmir tor
permlttins idlers to ride in the elevator
during hours of public service."
THE many admirers of Miss ,Lila
Convere, the pretty and talented
'young actress of the Alcazar The
ater Company, and the numerous
friends of Francis J. Brugulere,.
the well-known society man, will be sur
prised to learn that the young couple have
plighted their troth and will ere long ac
cept a lifelong engagement with Cupid.^
When Miss Converexame froin the East
last year she received' a warm welcqra:
from Mrs. E. Bruguiere, the widow of the
famous financier, the family of the actress
being 'acquainted withrthe Bruguieres.
Francis Bruguiere became devoted to
Miss Convere and has played the role of a
"knight gallant" to the actress, his at
tentions being- most pronounced.
Miss , Convere is a Southerner, . th©
daughter of a minister, and stands high
in her profession. She was with Augustin
Daly and also with Sol Smith Russell in
the East and has been a member of the
Alcazar company since last August. It is
not known whether Miss Convere will re
tire from the stage when . the wedding
bells are set, ringing for her and Francis
Bruguiere, "
The father of Mr. Bruguiere died a few
months ago and left a large fortune to
his widow. The money will eventually bo
divided among - .he Bruguiere children,
four in number.
the Assembly, attended the session. It
was the sense of the conference that the
leading streets of Sacramento and the
Capitol building should be decorated in
honor of the President's visit.
The suggestion was adopted that the
entire committee, accompanied by Gov
ernor Gage, should 4 meet the President at
Stockton and escort the distinguished
guest to the capital of the State. It was
also suggested that a private car should
be engaged for the committee's use on
the . line between Stockton and Sacra
mento. . ¦
on Locust and Jackson streets in favor
of . Alexander Aronson. which he placed
on record. The case will be continued to
day. ¦¦:¦-,; ' . , . .
CONFERENCE CO MMITTEE
ON PRESIDENT'S VISIT
Attorney "W. W. Foote, when reprimand
ed yesterday afternoon by Superior Judge
Dunne, for being ten minutes late when
court convened, took occasion to . "talk
back" and was promptly fined $50 In "good
and lawful gold coin of the United States
of America."
Foote had entertained General Fitzhugrh
Lee and the soldier's daughter at lunch
and reached the courtroom at 2 : 25 p.m.
Instead of 2:15, the' hour for reconvening.
The trial of Robert E. Glaze on a charge
of murder was delayed pending the ar
rival of the defendant's leading counsel,
and Judge Dunne took occasion to warn
Foote that a repetition of the offense
would be punished. • .
"Your Honor kept me waiting three
quarters of an hour^he other morning,"
retorted Foote angri*V :
"I was detained on official business,"
was the reply of the Judge, "and in any
case I am not called upon to make an
explanation to you."
'•Well, you kept me waiting Just the
same," retorted Foote.
"I don't wisn any argument on the mat
ter." said Judge Dunne in an angry tone,
"and if counsel keeps the court waiting
again -I shall take steps to punisn. the
otfense."
"Xour Honor can take any steps you
think fit," sneered Foote.
"You are lined $50 for contempt of court,
Mr. Foote," was the answer of Judge
Dunne, "to be paid in good- and lawtui
gold coin of the United states .ot Ameri
ca, and in default of payment you will
go to jail at the rate of one day for each
two dollars."
"Will your Honor grant me an appeal?"
said Foote.
Judge Dunne did not vouchsafe a re
ply, but ordered that the trial of Glaze
proceed. When court adjourned, Foote de
fied the Deputy Sheriff to take him Into
custody, and loudly proclaimed that he
would defend himself if the deputy laid
hands on him without a writ of attach
ment from the Judge.
Clerk Mahony hurried to the chambers
of Judge Dupne to secure the attachment,
when i^oote, -thinking discretion" was the
better part of valor, reluctantly parted
himself from two "twenties" and one
"ten" and the .incident was closed.
Silent Witnesses in Court.
Strong "testimony was introduced at the
trial ot Glaze yesterday by the prosecu
tion, and the evidence was unimpeached
by cross-examination.
Silent witnesses of the killing of Wil
liam Trewhella were brought ¦ into court
by the prosecution and introduced as evi
dence. The leaden messengers of death,
lired by Glaze into the body of his part
ner, were marked as "exhibits."
The jury also saw the bullet-torn,
clothes of the victim of the tragedy,
stained deeply with his life's blood. The
revolver used by Glaze was also in evi
dence, together with the box of cartridges
purchased by him an heur before the
hemicide.
Strong links in the case of the prosecu
tion were welded in court yesterday. D.
A. Calisher. who ran the saloon of the
Windsor Hotel on January 14, corrobor
ated O'Connor, the bellboy, in the state
ment that he, Calisher, had sent O'Con
nor to find Trewhella and secure from
him some lemons. Calisher told how he
had heard shots fired before he had time
to mix a cocktail ordered by the bellboy
for a guest.
J. J. Wren, a clerk at Curtin's dry
g«ods store, testified to hearing shots, and
upon opening a window which command
ed the interior court of the Windsor Ho
tel, he saw Glaze emptying a pistol and
walking Into the kitchen with the wear
j>on in his hand.
' Jennie Martin, who was employed as a
waitress at the hotel on the day of the
shooting, testified that Trewhella had
lurch about 1 p. m. on that day, and that
Glaze looked into the dining-room once
or twice. The witness further testified
that she saw Trewhella standing in the
kitchen near the door, shortly before she
heard the sound of shots. The witness
described the position of Trewhella's body
when she, in company with other wait
resses, ran into the kitchen^from the din
ing-room. She told of seeing a cigar un
der Trewhella's hand, and was positive
she did not see any weapon near the body.
O'Connor Corroborated.
Miss Ada Lawrences who was a wait
ress at the hotel on the day of the homi
cide, testified that she served Trewhella
with lunch on the fatal day. -• , ¦¦ • •
"I came into the kitchen with a tray of
dishes," continued the witness, "and saw
Trewhella leaning against the small table
near the door. He was talking.to O'Con
nor, the bellboy. I heard O'Connor ask
Trewhella for some lemons. . I went to
the sink to wash my plate3 and my back
was toward the speakers. Then I heard
the shots fired. I ran into the dining
room and all the girls ran upstairs. We
came down again and entered the kitchen.
I saw the prostrate man at the foot of the
stairs. The hat was over the face. S I
liftecl the hat and saw the man was Trew
hella. He was gasping for breath at the
time. I saw no weapon near him. A
number of people came running from the
hotel into the court at the time I
speak of."
H. Justins, clerk for the Skinner Com
pany. 416 Market street, testified to sell
ing Glaze a box of cartridges on January
14. shortly before noon. He told how Glaze
had a revolver wrapped up in paper and
asked to have it loaded. Witness testi
fied how he had found the revolver was In
need of repairs and so informed Glaze.
"He asked me to fix it." said the wit
ness, "and said a pistpl shpuld be!n good
condition. He said if a man needs a
gun he needs it badly. ' I oiled the pistol
and shot it off in the cellar. Glaze tried
the pistol when it was unloaded."
The witness identified the revolver and
the cartridges mentioned in his testimonv.
Detective McMahon testified to going to
the Windsor Hotel on the day of the
shooting of Trewhella and finding five
empty cartridge cases near the door of the
old -bakery. ,
Kdward McCormick. a druggist at 1016
Market street, testified that on the day of
the shooting a man came into the drug
store and told him that .a shooting had
taken place at. the Windsor Hotel. ' Mc-
Cormiek stated that he telephoned to Dr
McMahon and went to the hotel. He told
of finding Trewhella in a dying condition
and said the wounded man died while he
the witness, was examining his wounds
McCorralcit was positive that no weapon
was on the ground near where Trewhella
v.as reclining. ; " • ' •
Evidence of Autopsy Surgeon.
Coroner Leland, v. T ho was autopsy sur
geon at the time of the- shooting, gave
elaborate evidence as to the course the
bullets took in Trewhella's body. Dr. Le
land used Assistant District Attorney
Grcany as ajnodel and showed the jury
the coume of the five bullets.. Four of
them, cut from Trewhella's body by Dr
Iceland, were then introduced in evidence
The fifth bullet was left in the body, as
in order to secure, it the autopsy surgeon
would have had to sever the head . from
the corpse. 3 _; \ -
Deputy Coroner Brown testified to going
to the Windsor Hotel on January 14 at 3
p. m. and finding the body of Trewhella.
•Witness told of searching the body, but no
weapon was in the pocket or near the re
mains. - A bunch of keys was found by
the witness under the body of Trewhella,'
The bunch contained the key to the store
room, to which place, it is claimed. Trew
hella was bound. when he was shot bv
Glaze. .
Deputy Coroner Brown also identified
the clothes taken from Trewhella's bodv
and pointed out the various bullet holes
and bloodstains, all of which he had noted
when the clothing first came into his pos
session. * • ¦ . ;-¦•-,>"- :..<..;' .
Glaze -watched the proceedings jwith' In
terest, but gave no si^n'of emotion during
the recital of the testimony.
Miss Lena, Baham, a waitress of • the
hotel., gave similar testimony -to that
given earlier in the : day by other wit
nesses. , " ; ,"i "-.
This mornirip after court is 'convened
Judge Dunne, the jury, counsel and the
defendant- will inspect the scene. of the
tragedy at the Windsor. Hotel.
of Witnesses for the Prosecu
tion in the Murder
Defense Fails to Shake the Testimony
JUDGE ODUNNE
FINES FOOTE
Glaze's Lawyer Is Adjudged
Guilty of Contempt for
"Talking Back."
ACTRESS LI LA CON VERE
TO WED F. J. BRUGUIERE
THE SAN FRANCISCO C Alili, THURSDAY, APRIL, 11, 1901.
12
UMgloti Belts 45c.
Smart and Dashing. Very Popular.
A hundred and fifty'woraen may'have one tach. What -a stir they'll make
to-day! They are of enough importance to havt a table all to themselves in
third aisle. Of black velvet, strikingly relieved with gilt braid and a r^osette
from which drops five ribbon streamers — spike J ends.
As a companion offer are these X r ~.. / , . .
METAL BUCKLES i2.">c~Ncw girdle shape in gilt or silver. 2 T A inchss
long,* ;?5c each. •
McCall's Patterns and Magazines . are here . for May.
April Sale of Housewares
Things to make housework easy.
You Save Upwards of a Third,
And no. doubtful qualities, either. This is to.be a month of value
giving in downstairs store. Many an article is priced at half its
value, and many another is offered at a third below regular.
A .Here's a list of a few:
; lV - ¦ -Brooms— save 15c— made from the best Illinois corn, lisrht.
. ir strong, spring and livable. They were not made for looks, but
ll : made to sell. You can buy a cheaper one, but you can't get a^bet-
li - tef one for the price...... ..'..'.. ** — Oc
.11 ; Cudahy's Washing Powder lj^c — save a — 5°°° packas^s
ll are going this sale, insteadof 3c *J4 C each
¦' u . Babbitt's Laundry Soap — 6 bars for 23c
Jl . HaJe's Xaiindry Soap 2c — instead of 3C.
11 Castile Soap 5c— instead of 8c— Italian and American— green
|| ¦ and white, J-^lb bars at close to half price ...5c
r^-|| Wood Buckets 14c — save 6c — full size and well made.
ll "; . _ ;.;• CTothes Pins— ioo for , ..12c
•II Flour Sifters— 8c — wood rims.
A\'" ¦ Enameled. Saucepans 19c — hold3 3 quarts^ 4-
'/^il//- ) ' aI ¦ Q uart size. 22c
//A V////M lf%^m Window Screens 24c— of strong wire and hard-
///AVlMBL^f' wood frames, made to fit any average window.
I/////A \llJi//SSaK^?7r' Feather Dusters 2.1c — 14 inches long— full
11/ A fjl^^^^^ Enameled Wash Basins— save 7c— good
ilk Wam itL&i kind of enamel, too, ordinarily 191 — this sale..
'////im'Jlm 'v 12c
'/IffaPmM. "• — Paper Holders, each lOc
iFWWfo — --" Toilet Paper_7 rolls for 23c
ffl 1 1 MM '.'".^ Tea Kettles— save loc— enameled. No.- 7
mP^'iK\vmT , ' ''""** : * :^ Pudding- Pans^ — fave 7c — enameled — holds
«"//!( ' ' ' \w\ ¦ ¦ ¦¦¦¦• 3 quarts, regular price 23c, this sale 16c
CHANGE OF FIRM.
Studebaker Bros. Co. of California.
The entire stock of vehicles formerly belonging to Stude-
baker Bros. Mfg. Co. is now owned by the new company.
We have taken them over at reductions in price that are in~
teresting.
The special discount of from 15 to 33 1-3.: and 40 percent
will continue.
: 'To add to the interest the new company will include in the
reductions ten I carloads of new vehicles now unloading and en
route. - .
'We are receiving new things in Spring Lap- Robes, Dusters
and Blankets.
Studebaker Bros, Co. of California,
Market and Tenth Sts., San Francisco.
• J*"* 5 **^ -**¦ "^*» . wp^
R ecq rd^Brea king Prices
FOR THE BALANCE OF
THE WEEK.
GRASS LINEN UNDERSKIRTS, a
good $1.00 quality. On sale • • '
69c.
"A new lot of • CHILDREN'S PIQUE
CAPES. AND COATS, $3.50 quality.
- On sale
S2.4O.
WOMEN'S WRAPPERS.
Bought a big lot of SAMPLE WRAP-
• PERS, all the latest shades and
styles, sizes 32 -.to 40, some worth
as hig-h as $1.75.. On sale to-day
98c,
• BUY THESE QUICK.
.WOMEN'S APR©NS, made of gooJ
< gingham, full width, worth 25c. On
¦;• Eale -'
/Pc.
A MancfactarerlSold Us at a Loss
175 dozen -..WOMEN'S FANCT HOSE. In
black arid v.-hite stripes and polka
j d6ts; ;they're regular 25c quality. On
I sale
;;-•¦:• ISc. ¦¦•
¦ANOTHER LOT
Of . WOMEN'S WAISTS, the same
'. that we sold out of last Saturday,
_•- made, "of : best lawn, 32 tucks front
"and.S.^back, and trimmed with three
rows ; of line embroidery Insertion
¦'- worth. $1.50.-^ On sale- :
':. '-¦'':-&8c.:' :^i-:
OUR FACTORY
Just sent us a, lot of CHILDREN'S
-AVHITE. LAWN ..DRESSES., trimmed
¦ with . Swiss embroidery, . hemstitched
¦skirt, worth ¦ $1 JX». On sale • ¦
Our LACE AND RIBBON DEPART-
" MENT is replete with all that's, new
and", novel of " this season's produc-
tions. ¦ •. ; • -
1212-1214 SARKEt ST.,
r " ; B8t. Tajlor and Jo363.
p^| C/iatnless. .$60 Spacer .... $50 M^
Xighi Roadster. $40 Roadster. .$35 b||3
H THCS. H. B. YARNEY, Market & 1 Oth, S. F. ; H
SPECIAL SALE!
Thursday, Friday and
Saturday, the three
days of our great
special reductions.
BDTTER, sqnare 30c
Choice Point Reyes Creanwry. • ! ;
WHITBFIGS, 2-lb basket * 25c
._. Fancy California, equal • to the Imported.
Regularly 33c.
NAVEL' ORANGES, dozen 30c
California's finest production.
Regularly 40c. J • ¦
PINEAPPLE, 2|-lb tin 20c
Singapore sliced Pineappla. ]~ r ] :
Regularly 25c. . ¦ i; •¦
EASTERN BACON, lb 17*c
Fancy sugar-cured breakfast bacon.
Regularly We.
EVAPORATED PEACHES, 4 lbs 25c
A very choice lot of evaporated
Dried Peaches. Regularly 10c a lb.
ROYAL LUNCHEON CHEESE g^g;
The richest and finest
Potted Cheese possible* to producs.
¦ . Regularly ISc and 30c a pot.
SWEET WINES, bot v % ;? 25c
Gallon SI. CO
Port. Sherry. Angelica and
Mustcat. Choice Old Californja Wines
Regularly 40c and $t £0.
C0UHTR7 0HDE23 SOLICITSD— CATAL03DE TRSS
39 STOCKTON ST., neap Market.
TELEPHONE NEVER "BUST."
MAIN SS^2. "
3 / V 7 Wv^ Market
| A FULL SET OF TEETH
dp,mcnultyT
S-rSf^MSST'i^ 00 ? p^~?.Go fl orrha».GTee"
allied Disorders. JSook on Dtwsaxes ot Men. frwu.
9to36mlly;6:SBtaS.3acrzn. Sundays. 10 to 12. Conr.cN
totionfreeandsacredlyconC<lentlal.CaaoJraddrSH
P. BO8COE aieXUl-TY 3I.I>.
fSC^ Eearcy Sf^ San JFranr.iiMso. C=J-
5c Overeoat*. and
rallaea checked Sn»
v y Our \. ' -'"''j/m
§ Each pair of shoes we sell receives individual . I
i care from .the manufacturer. Twenty-three .. j
I years of successful business in ; San Francisco I
p has placed us in the highest estimation of the I
-public. Don't forget our NEW • DEPART- 1
MENT of $3.50 shoes for , men and 7 women. * I
Out-of-town trade solicited. |
JUST RBCEIVBD-A LARGE CONSIGNMENT OF FINE SIDE- !'
BOARDS AT VERY LOW FIGURES! '!
| Don't think because we sell on time that you pay morel - Not so. We sell Just as ,•
1 many poods on credit as for cash, and all at the lowest figures. You will find here )
i everything you can possibly desire for housekeeping. No rent to pay means smaller ( i
i . prices to you. Try us. " . ( (
THE J. NOON AN FURNITURE CO., / WC J
1OI7-I023 Mission Street, above Sixth, «an Francisco. 'i
1 Close every night, except Saturdays and the day preceding holidays, at 6 o'clock sharp. ( i
1 /^^WVV"w'^w*^wVV*w*^m*>^^%*'*/VVV>AAjVV>/>AAAAAAAAAA/V^'
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Mtde'm.
Sale's.