SCENE IN THE VESTIBULE OF GRACE EPISCOPAL CHURCH BEFORE THE THANKSGIVING SERVICE OF THE WOMAN'S AUXILIARY.
Continued on Page Three.
J And when the days of her purification ac
cording to the law of Mosea were accomplished,
they brought him to Jerusalem to . present ' him
to the Lord. And to offer a sacrifice according
to that which is Bald in the law of *the Lord,
a pair, of turtle doves, or two young . pigeons. ;
.The •¦sermon ..was a masterly one and
dealt with the noble deeds of charity per-
; Conspicuous in the front row of pews
was an Indian woman, a convert to the
church, ¦ who -was dressed in her native
costume, while a number of Japanese
were also to be seen at the service.
Bishop Nichols .preached the sermon,
taking his text from Luke, ii:22-24,. as fol
lows: : . . ...
The service commenced at 10 a. m ,' and
at that hour the aisles of the church were
crowded, while the doors, of the building
were thronged with crowds unable to'se
cure admission. . . . „•' .
Holy communion was celebrated by. the
Bishop of California," the Right Rev. Dr.
Nichols, j assisted by.the Bishop of Japan;
the Right Rev. Dr. McKiny the' Rev: Dr.
Foute, rector of Grace - Church ; .the Rev.
J. VW. Nichols, curate.of thechurch; and
the Rev; Dr. Lloyd of ,'New,.T;ork, secre
tary of the board of 'the Woman's: Aux
iliary. " »' ' ¦ - ' \f: ¦¦' - V ; .,•'; ¦
never held a more distinguished gather
ing, for it was composed of women whose
names are knov/n in every section of the
republic! • ' . .
Church yesterday morning, the
feature of which was the presentation by
the ladles of the sum of $104,000 as its
united offering to the board for the use of
the missionary Bishops.
The vast edifice of, Grace Church was
thronged to its limit and the scene was
full of • animation as the gayly dressed
members .of the auxiliary were ; ushered
to seats in. the building. But little at
tempt had been made to v decorate the
beautiful interior of the church/only flow
ers and palms being utilized. It is no ex
aggeration to eay that Grace Church has
THE "Woman's Auxiliary to the
Board of Missions of the Episco
pal * Church participated in a
thanksgiving service at Grace
Huge Gold Alms Basin Is Filled With Notes and
Currency When Ladies of Auxiliary Make an
Offering to Board of Missions.
the Alhambra Theater, the building being
too small to accommodate all whe desired
to be present. Reports were presented and
addresses were made by a number of
Bishops.
In the evening Bishop Nichols of Cali
fornia and Mrs. Nichols tendered a recp
tion to the visiting Bishops and their
wives at the Scott residence, Clay and
Lacuna streets. . i
The Church Periodical Society met in
St. Paul's Church last evening and held a
business session. ¦ • .
This morning the House of Bishops and
the House of Deputies will meet at Trinity
Church at 9:30 and after prayers will re
sume their sessions. At 11 a. m. the two
houses will meet as a Joint body, under
the title "The Board of Missions." It is
only at the meetings of the Board of Mis
sions that opportunities are afforded of
hearing the Bishops discuss, the affairs of
the church at the convention. The Board
of Missions will also hold an afternoon
session.
The Woman's | Auxiliary will open Its
missionary^ and historic exhibition to-day
at the headquarters, 1609 Sutter street.
The Daughters of the King will hold a
day service at St. Luke's Church. Van
Ness avenue and Clay street. The
Brotherhood of St. Andrew will hold ser
vice at St. Stephen's Church on Fulton
street at 7:30 this evening.
IMPORTANT business was transacted
yesterday by the Bishops and House of
Deputies cf the General Convention of
the Episcopal church. The House of
Bishops spent The day in discussing the
report of the committee appointed at the
last convention to report on the marginal
readings that may be substituted for the
present readings of the Scripture. The
Bishops decided to accept the report of the
committee and ordered the publication of
the revised Scriptures ar.d also authorized
Its use in the church. With the concur
rence of the House of Deputies the action
of the Bishops will become a canon of the
church of America.
The House of Deputies spent a busy day.
In the morning many resolutions were
presented and referred to various com
mittees. The chief business transacted
by the House of Deputies was the accept
ance of certain amendments to the con
stitution, proposed in the convention of
1S98. These amendments to become final,
must be concurred In by the House of
Bishops.
The Woman's Auxiliary to the Board of
Missions held a. thanksgiving service at
Grace Church, over which Bishop Nichols
of California presided. The edifice was
throng-ed with gaily dressed women and
the feature of the service was the present
ation of the united offerings collected by
the ladies to the Missionary Board. The
Bum presented was 5104,000, the actual
currency and notes being deposited In a
large gold bowl and handed to Bishop
Nichols.
In the afternoon, the triennial meeting
of the "Woman's Auxiliary -took place In
Institute Open to Visitors.
The Mark Hopkins Institute of Art will
bo open to visitors to-day from 9 a. m, to
5 p. m., and from 7:30 p. m. to 10. p. m.
No admission fee will be charged.
a brotherly welcome should he be able to ba
present at any cf ocr services. . .
The Bishops of 'Haiti and Brazil were
introduced to the prelates and will be
special guests of the house during It3
sessions.
BISHOPS PRAISE
\," ; LATE CHAIRMAN
,.' The following resolution was adopted
by a standing vote: .
The Rouse of Bishops, in view of the retire
ment of its late chairman, the Right Rev, Dr.
Do&ne. Bishop of Albany, desires to place on
record this among- all tta grateful appreciation
of services marked by singular tad consistent
excellercies.
The presiding officer of a deliberative bod?
under our constitution Is net Its dictator or tta
master and hl3 highest crt 'consists, first, in
knowing the limitations of rule and law which
bind his powers; and then In the firm but pa
tient and courteous exercise of tfceoti Judicial
and administrative functions, which, not *o
much alone aa en behalf of hta brethren, he lj
called upon to exerciso.
In all these respects cur dear brother has fur*
nlshed an exampla to honor and to emulate.
His prompt discernment,- wld« learnJr.s end in
exhaustible patience hare laft to this house an
example in Its late chairman which will endure
as one of our b«st standards. We unite in
honoring him who has furnished It and in ask
ing him to ' accept this unanimous assurance
of our grateful and affectionate appreciation.
The, following standing committees were
appointed by the chairman:
Christian Education — The Bishops of New
Hampshire. Ohio. Western Texas, Spokane,
Shanghai and Ashevllle.
General Theological Seminary— Tho Bishops
i Continued on Page Three.
| Resolved, as the sense of this house. That the
cordial' courtesy of this house be extended to
the ! Bishop of Alaska and Aleutian , Islands of
the Holy Orthodox Church of the -East, now
resident In this city, and that he be assured at
. are now sixty-eight of the eighty
five Bishops of the "Episcopal \ church in
this country in' attendance at the con
vention. ¦
Bishop Dudley, . presiding Bishop of the
house, instructed the secretary, Dr.
Hurt, to read the triennial report of the
venerable RlGht Rev. Dr. Clark of 'Rhode
Island, who, on account of seniority of
consecration and ordination, is the pre
siding Bishop of the Protestant Episcopal
church. — The report was a lengthy one
and contained matters of importance to
his brethren. He suggested that It would
be to the best interests of the church if
there was some other mode of selecting
a presiding Bishop. Under the present
law the senior Bishop presides and in
this instance the Bishop Is 90 years old.
His age prevents him from giving the
best attention to the duties of his ex
alted office and appreciating his Inability
he : suggests the appointment of a
younger or more active prelate. His sug
gestion will be acted on at -the present
session of the House of Bishops.
The resignation of the Rt. Rev. .Dr.
Edsall.who left the Bishopric of North
Dakota to accept a like offlc» in Min
nesota, was accepted.
jj The following resolution was j? unani
mously adopted: :
ON the reconvening of the House
'. of Bishops yesterday morning the
Bishop ... of • Marquette took hl3
seat among his colleagues. There
House of Bishops Discusses Re
vision of Scriptures.
7 HE follozving events arc scheduled for to-day:
9:30 a. m.— House of Bishops and House of Deputies resume sessions at Trinity Church.
11 a. nil— Bptji houses meet in joint session as the Board of Missions, holding also an after
noon meeting. • r . .
10 a. m. to 10 p. in. — Opening of the Missionary and Historic Exhibition of the Woman's
Auxiliary at 1609 Sntter^street. ; .
• •¦ ' Daughters of. the King hold Vail day service at St. 'Luke's Church, Van Ness aye
> nue and Clay street. ¦ , ; .. '.
7:30 p. in.— Brotherhood of St. Andrczv, quiet hour and' preparation for Hol\\ Communion
\ , at St. Stephen' s.Church, Fulton street, near Fillmore.
EVENTS FOR THIRD BAY OF EPISCOPAL CONVENTION
Episcopal Convention Delegates
Meet in Busy Sessions.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
SAN FRANCISCO, FRIDAY; OCTOBER 4, 1 901.
VOLUME XC— NO. 126.
MUNIFICENT GIFT OF MONEY MADE TO BOARD OF MISSIONS
BY THE WOMAN'S AUXILIARY OF THE EPISCOPAL CHURCH
The San Francisco CallResolved, That the House of Deputies send
greeting to Rev. Morgan Dfx. D. IX. and re-
BTf is that it is not privileged to have his pres
ence as a member of the house.
The appointments of the assistant secre
taries of the house were confirmed by
unanimous vote of all present.
The following message was presented to
the House of Deputies from the House of
Bishops. Rev. Dr. Samuel Hart, secretary
to the Bishops, being the bearer; •
The House of Bishops informs the House o'
Deputies that it has adopted the following reso
lution:
Resolved, the House of Deputies concurring.
That a general committee be appointed, con
sisting of two Bishops, two presbyters and two
laymen, to prepare a special order of business,
for the present session of the General Conven
tion and has appointed as members of the
committee on the part of this house the Bishop
of New York and the Bishop of West Virginia.
Attest: SAMUEL. HART, Secretary.
Memorials from various . dioceses were
presented on the death of clergy* since the
Much valuable time was taken up by the
discussion as to whether the body should
not secure another building for its meet
ings, . and much confusion was caused in
the morning by the inability of deputies
in the rear of the church to hear the
speakers on the platform. In some
instances deputies voted for certain reso
lutions when they were of opinion that
the motions were entirely different. The ,
local committee received instructions to
have certain alterations made- in the
interior of the church, and it is hoped that
the erection of screens will remedy the
defects that caused so much trouble yes
terday.
The most important work done by th/
House of Deputies yesterday was the aff
ceptance of certain amendments to th£
constitution, as reported by the special
committee appointed in 189S. The amend
ments as accepted appear in the annexed
report of the proceedings of the House of
Deputies. • - -
The calling of the roll was dispensed
with yesterday, and the secretary read the
list of committees appointed by Rev. Dr.
Lindsay, which are "published on another
page. On motion of Rev. Dr. Hodges of
Maryland the following telegram was
ordered to be pent to Rev. Dr. Morgan Dix
of New York City: . .
THE poor acoustic properties of
Trinity Church considerably
hampered the work of the House
of Deputies of the Episcopal Con-
Ivention when that body was in
yesterday.
Resolvea. That the deputies from the diocese
be and they are hereby requested to petition
the General Convention at San Francisco tc
take euch action as it may deem expedient and
practicable toward securing a uniform practice
by the various religious bodies of the United
States on the subject of divorce and holy mat- |
rlmor.y. i
The resolution was placed on the cal
endar.
TO CHANGE NAME OF
COMMON PRAYER BOOK
Rev. Dr. Taylor of Los Angeles then
presented a resolution, looking to the
change of name of the book of common
prayer. The resolution was as follows:
Resolved. ' the House of Bishops concurring.
That the title page of the Book of Common
Prayer be as follows: "The Book of Common
Prayer and administration of the sacrament
and other rites and ceremonies of the Holy
Catholic church according to the use of the
Protestant Episcopal church In the United
States of America, together with the psalter
of the P6almb of David."
"At some proper time," said Dr. Tay
lor, "I hope to have something to' say. It
is not a proposed change of name at all,
but it is a proposed description of what
the Protestant Episcopal church is, and I
ask that it be referred to the committee
on the prayer book."
Deputy Baker of New Jersey moved
that a committee be appointed to arrange
for the formation of a special fund to
assist clergymen whose salaries are In
sufficient for their work. The resolution
was referred to a committee.
Deputy Lewis of .Pennsylvania precipi
tated a debate by introducing a resolution
• providing that the convention adjourn on
Rev. Dr. Greer of New York then pre
sented the following resolution from the
diocese of New York:
Rev. Dr, Lindsay, the chairman, ap
pointed a committee to act jointly with
the one selected by the House of Bishops
on the order of business, in accordance
with the- resolution received from the
upper house. The committee appointed by
the chairman consisted of Rev. Dr. Greer
of New York, Rev. Dr. Lynes of Florida
and Rev. Dr. Lewis of Pennsylvania.
Deputy Morehouse of Milwaukee pre
sented a resolution that the name of the
church be changed to that of "The Ameri
can Catholic Church in the United States"
and that the constitution be changed in
accordance. The resolution as to the
change of name was referred to the-com
mittee on constitutional amendments.
last convention and they were referred to
a .committee. :<•'.,
maintain the keen interest in their work
they have evinced in the past and con
gratulated them upon their untiring ef
forts in aiding the missionary work of the
church. ,
Miss Julia C. Emery of New York, who
is the secretary of the Woman's Auxili
ary, rendered her triennial report, which
showed a gratifying increase" in' the good
work done by the organization during the
past three years.
The Right Rev. Bishop S. C. Partridge,
Bishop of Kioto, followed the reading of
Miss Emery's summarized report with an
address on "The Meaning of Foreign Mis
sions." The Right Rev. W. H. Hare, mis
sionary Bishop of South Dakota, spoke on
"Our Missions to the Indians and Their
White Neighbors."
A. S. Lloyd, secretary of the board of
managers, addressed the meeting on the
subject of "The Mission of the Woman's
Auxiliary." The Right Rev. T. U. Dud
ley, Bishop of Kentucky, .spoke on "Our
Work Among' the Colored People."
Bishop Nichols pronounced benediction
at the conclusion of the meeting.
I article that provided for the senior Bishop
of the House of Bishops becoming" the
presiding Bishop of the entire church. .
Rev. Dr. Egar explained that no change
could be made in the proposed amend
ment and that it must be accepted or re
jected in its entirety. The only plan to
get rid of the third section, referring to
the presiding Bishop of the church, was
to pass the entire article and then move
to amend by changing the objectionable
section 3.
Some of the deputies objected to delay
ing the matter for three years, and while
the discussion on the article was in prog
ress the chairman announced that the
hour for recess had arrived, x The session
then adjourned till 3 p. m.
TABLEAUX ILLUSTRATE
GERMAN DRAMATIC ART
Beautiful Elsa and Other , Characters
From Dramas Lend Attraction
to the Carnival.
The glories of the German drama and
German opera were represented in a
series of tableaux at the Carnival of
Ancient and Modern Art in- Native Sons'
Hall last evening. The ladies of the
Wagner booth, of which Miss M. Bark
dull is president, . gave a scene from
"Lohengrin." . Miss Barkdull made a
very effective Elsa. Theodore . Zehntner
was the Lohengrin, P. B. McCabe was
the King, Messrs. William Ray, Paul
Mattner and M. J. Baco were the Princes,
Mrs. William Gibson was Ortrud and J.
F. Cassidy . Frederick., Under the direc
tion of Dr. Anna Joost the Schiller booth
ladies j presented the tableaux of the dy
ing scene of Baron Attinghausen from
"William Tell." Miss Daisy, Lee imper
sonated Mrs. Tell; R. Ozier was Walter
Furst, Wesley Joost was. Walter Tell and
Dr. A. Sinclair Sullivan took the role of
Attinghausen. Messrs. , Stauffmacher,
Melchthal and Baumgartner took prom
inent parts in this tableau.
The ladies'of the Goethe booth gave a
scene from "Faust." This booth is pre
sided over by Mrs. S. Braverman. In
this tableau . Miss Grace Askins was
Marguerite, William Ray was Faust and
Mr. Murray was Mephistophelean In the
"Lohengrin" tableau there were twenty
four court ladies. An orchestra furnished
music during the evening. The grand
march was; led by Dr. Anna Joost as
Gcrmania. .-.*•¦ . • • ¦ . •- . ¦
To-night will be Irish night at the car
nival and- scenes will be • presented | f roni
"Lalla Rookh" and the "Bohemian Girl."
The carnival; will-' close to-morrow "even
ins. .'-... • . •
WHEN the House of Deputies met
in the afternoon Mr. Morehouse
of Milwaukee was recognized.
He took the platform and asked
the delegates whether it would
not be better to refer the first article of
the constitution back to the committee
for amendment before it was passed on
by the House of Deputies. He argued
that this would be the wiser course. He
therefore offered as an amendment to the
resolution that action on the article under
discussion be postponed until 12 o'clock
Monday. .
A motion was made to lay Mr. More
house's resolution on the table and It pre
vailed.
DR. ROGERS OBJECTS
TO THE AMENDMENT
Rev Dr. White of Maryland and Rev.
Dr Rogers of Fond du Lac also advanced
objections to the passage of amendment
3 of article 1, which provided for the suc
cession by priority Of consecration of pre
siding bishop. Dr. Rogers proved an able
orator. His voice was strong and could
be heard in every part of the church.
His argument had a telling effect on
his hearers. He said it was a constitu
tional question- and a very important one.
.Continuing he said: ¦. .
This is a question that is going to radlcally
change the organization of the American
church, as Bishop Ferry very well points out
in his VHistory of ' the Constitution of the
American, Church." When those first dioceses
came together they did it upon the basis ot
absolute equality, and. as he says,' they have
here asserted, directly and indirectly, diocesan
independence in all matters not bpeclrlcally
surrendered, since all dloceae3 are authorized
to demand a vote by -orders. We are going, in
other words, on an entirely different line when
we elect a presiding Bishop of this . church,
and the most feeble and infirm ot all, and put
him In- charge during the vacancies in general
conventions- during recesses, in charge of mis
sionary Jurisdictions, in charge of many other
duties that are given to him by the House of
Bishops— I say we are going to radically change
the system of organization by the influences,
the position arid the titles which we are now
giving to. an officer of the church. ;
Though having voted to postpone action
until next Monday Dr. Rogers moved for
a - reconsideration. Dr. Egar rose to a
point of order. He claimed this matter
was. passed on by members of the last
general convention who knew, what they
were about. Any motion, he said., to post
pone is irrelevant and the only thing for
The secretary removed all doubts bv
again announcing the number of votea
cast, which were found to be sufficient
A vote was then taken on the second artl
cle . ""I 11 wa f , ad °Pted by a unanimous
vote. The article, as amended, is asfol-
ARTICLE n.
1. In every diocese the Bishop or th»
Bishop coadjutor shall be chosen agreeably to'
Dr. Huntington recurred to the question
which Dr. Egax's motion had temporar
ily sidetracked and brought on a renewal
of the discussion and entanglement by
raising the point of order that a grave
doubt existed as to whether the result of
the last roll-call had been correctlv an
nounced by the chair, and it was out of
order, improper and inexpedient to pro
ceed with other business until it was made
plain that the declaration of the result
by the chair was in accordance with the
actual flsrures of the vote.
Dr. Egar then submitted article 2 of
amendments to the constitution and tho
assistant secretary read it aloud while tha
delegates followed the reading from pam
phlets in their possession.
The delegates were In great doubt ax
to whether the first article- had passed
and many of them were desirous of re
consideration. Delegates read sections of
the constitution and argued at length, but
their statements did not settle the dis
pute.
Sec. a. In either house any number less than
a quorum may adjourn from day to day.
Neither house, without the consent of the
other, shall adjourn for more than three days
Sn&S&ffi.tt'StSK that ta wwch tta
Sec. 6. The General Convention shall meet la
every third year on the first Wednesday in Oc
tober, unless a different day be appointed by
the preceding convention, and at the place des
ignated by such convention; but if there shall
appear to the presiding Bishop of the church
sufficient cause for changing the- place so ap
pointed he may appoint another place for such
meeting. Special meetings may be provided for
by canon.
deputies present shall suffice, unless otherwise
ordered by this constitution, or. in casea not
specially provided for by the constitution by
canons requiring more than a majority or un
less the clerical or the lay representation from
any diocese require that the vote be taken
by orders. In all cases of a vote by orders the
two orders shall vote separately, each diocese
having one vote In the clerical order and one
In the lay order; and the concurrence- of the
votes of the two orders, by not less than a
majority In each order of all the dioceses rep
resented in that order at the time of the vote,
shall be necessary to constitute a vota of the>
house.
Continued on.Page Three.
the convention to do is to vote for or
against the measure.
DELEGATES VOTE IN
F0VOR OF NEW LAW
The chairman ruled against Dr. Rogers
and he therefore moved to take the reso
lution of postponement from the table.
Dr. Huntirigton rose to a point of order
that blocked this move, and the conven
tion voted on the subject. The following
amendment to the constitution was
adopted by a vote of 64 to 39; divided, 9:
article I.
Section L There shall be a general conven
tion of this church, consisting of the Hou3e of
Bishops and the House of Deputies, which
houses shall sit and deliberate separately:
and in all deliberations freedom of debate shall
be allowed. Kither house may originate and
propose legislation, and '¦ all acts of the con
vention shall be adopted and be authenticated
by both houses.
Sec. 2. Every Bishop of this church having
jurisdiction, every Bishop coadjutor and every
Bishop who by reason of advanced age and'
bodily infirmity arising therefrom has designed
his .jurisdiction shall have a seat and a vote
In the House of Bishops. A majority of all
Bishops entitled to vote. Exclusive of foreign
missionary Bishops and of Bishops who have
resigned their jurisdictions, shall be necessary
to constitute a quorum for the transaction of
business.
Sec. 3. The senior Bishop of thi3 church in
the order of consecration, having jurisdiction
within the United States, shall be the presid
ing Bishop of. the church. He shall discharge
such duties as may be prescribed by the consti
tution and the canons of the general conven
tion. But jr the presiding Bishop shall resign
bis office as such, or' if he shall resign his
episcopal jurisdiction, or if by reason of In
firmity he shall become disabled, the Bishop
next in seniority by consecration, having juris
diction within the United States, shall there
upon become the presiding Bishop.
Sec. 4. The church in each diocese which has
been admitted to union with the General Con
vention shall be entitled to representation in
the House of Deputies by not more than four
presbyters, canonically resident in the diocese,
and not more than four laymen, communicants
of this church, having domicile in the diocese;
but the General Convention by canon may re
duce the representation to not fewer than two
deputies in each order. Kach diocese ¦ shall
prescribe the manner in which its deputies
shall be chosen. ; -\> . .
To constitute a quorum for the transaction
of business the clerical order, shall be repre
sented by at least one deputy in each of a
majority of the dioceses entitled to representa
tion and the lay order shall likewise be rep
resented by at least one deputy in each of a
majority of the dioceses entitled to representa
tion. ¦ . ¦¦ ¦ • .
On any question the vote of a majority of the
New York Diocesan Delegation Present a
Petition That Creates Quite a Furor*
Important Laws Are Passed Upon by Clerical and Lay Delegates to
the Triennial General Convention — Committees Appointed*
HOUSE OF DEPUTIES ADOPTS MANY
AMENDMENTS TO CONSTITUTION
WANT UNIFORM LAWS
REGARDING DIVORCE
Rev. Dr. Huntlngton of New York City
then moved that his motion, of the pre
vious day that the first amendment to
the constitution proposed by the last gen
eral convention for adoption by this con
vention be made the order of the day at
the noon hour be taken up.
Rev. Dr. Fulton of - Pennsylvania
thought that the house should- not take
such a step until an order of business was
established by the two houses, as the
joint committee would undoubtedly make
an early report.
Rev. Dr. Greer of New York moved to
amend Huntington's resolution by adding
the words "until or unless a different or
der of business be reported by the joint
committee of the two houses on order of
business."
Huntington accepted . the amendment,
which was put to a vote and carried.
The house then proceeded to take action
on the amendments to the constitution as
reported by the committee appointed" in
1898.
Rev. Dr. Egar of Central New York
¦was elected to "lead" the debate and he
took a seat on the platform. Printed cop
ies of the amendments were distributed
to the deputies by the pages.
Dr. Esar moved- that the first amend
ment be adopted, • which was done by
unanimous vote.' A discussion followed as
to the matter of reconsidering the vote,
many of the deputies stating that they
had not heard the reading of the resolu
tion, while some of the, speakers. objected
to' the omission of the words, "the House
of Bishops concurring,"; in the preamble
to the amendment. Considerable opposi
tion was expressed to section 3 of. the
DISCUSS AMENDMENTS
TO TfiE CONSTITUTION
October 17. The matter was finally re
ferred to the committee on unfinished
business.
Rev. Dr. Easton of Tennessee moved
that a committee be appointed to draft
resolutions on the death of President Mc-
Kinley. The resolution was adopted and
the chair announced that he would ap
point the committee later.
The chair appointed the following- com
mittee on the question of a sustenance
fund for clergymen with small salaries:
Rev. D. N. A. Baker of New Jersey, Dr. J.
K. Mason of Kentucky, Dr. E. H. Porter of
Rhode Island. John L. Williams of Virginia,
Arthur S. Brown of Washington.
Rev. Dr. Davenport of Tennessee, a
member of the committee on canons, pre
sented a resolution recommending that
the sub-committee to which was referred
tho subject of the establishment of suf
frage Bishops be discharged from fur
ther duty. It was so ordered.
THE triennial meeting of the Wom
an's Auxiliary of the Protestant
Episcopal church convened yes
terday afternoon at the Alhambra
Theater, corner Eddy and Jones
streets. The attendance was exception
ally large. Among the delegates were
some of the most .prominent ladies In the
United States.
The seats in the main body of the thea
ter were partitioned off into groups and
allotted to people from the different sec
tions of the Union. Each space and seat
ing allotment was indicated by standards
bearing the name of the diocese to which
the occupants .of the seats belonged. Over
2000 people attended the meeting.
Mrs. James Ncwlands, president of the
California branch of the auxiliary, was
introduced as the chairman of the meet
ing by the Right Rev. Bishop Nichols.
Mrs. Newlands delivered an address
touching on the charitable motives of the
organization. She urged the delegates to
TRIENNIAL MEETING
OF THE AUXILIARY
ii g in -
Matrons of Missionary Work From All Over
the Country Assemble at the Alhambra*
REV. DR. -LINDSAY. OP .'BOSTON, CHAIRMAN OF THE HOUSE OF DEPUTIES
OF THE EPISCOPAL. CHURCH; PRKSIDING OVER THE DELIBERATIONS
OF THAT BODY IX TRINITY CHURCH ''IN THIS CITT. *• ' " :¦;
CLERGYMEN AND LAYMEN DISCUSS THE CANONS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, OCTOBER 4, 1901.
2CHAIRMAN OF HOUSE OF DEPUTIES
APPOINTS STANDING COMMITTEES
Missionary Display Is
Opened*
WORK OF
CONVERTS
Continued From Page One.
BISHOPS PASS UPOS SCRIPTURES
ON CANONS— Rev. Dr. Davenport of Tennes
see, Rev. Dr. Eccleston of Maryland, Rev. Dr.
Mann of Western Missouri. Rev. Dr. Fulton of
Pennsylvania, Rev, Dr. Parks of New York.
Rev. Dr. Fiske of Rhode Island. Mr. Lyman of
Chicago. Mr. Battee of North Carolina, Mr.
Lightne of Minnesota. Mr. Stetson of New
York. Mr. Saunders of Massachusetts, Mr. Stan
ley of Washington and Mr. Lewis of Pennsyl
vania.
ON MISSIONS— Rev. Mr. Lefflngwell of
Maine, Rev. Mr. Seabrease of Michigan City,
Rev. Dr. McKim of Washington, Rev. Dr.
Beard of Alabama, Rev. Mr. Tallodc of Michi
gan, Rev. Dr. Lawrence of Massachusetts.
Rev. Mr. Bennitt of Newark, Mr. Bryan of
Virginia, Mr. Thomas of Pennsylvania, Mr.
Pellew of Washington, Mr. Mansfield of Con
necticut, Mr. Rollins of New Hampshire and
Mr. Hewitt of Lexington.
ler of Los Angeles, Rev. Mr. Beckwith of
Texas. Rev. Dr. Enos- of Albany, Rev. Mr.
Ryan of Duluth, Mr. Parker of Newark. Mr.
Temple of Vermont, Mr. Morgan of Xew York,
Mr. EJvans of Pennsylvania, Mr. Copland of
Milwaukee and Mr. 'Beats of California.
Leonard, Rt. Rev. Dr. A. R. Graves, Rt. Rev.
Dr. Atwill, Rt Rev. Dr. Nicholson, .Rt. Rev.
Dr. Nelson, Rt. Rev. Dr. Kinsolving, Rt. Rev.
Dr. Wells, Rt. Rev. Dr. Gray," Rt. Rev. Dr.
Brooke, Rt. Rev. Dr. McKlm. Rt. Rev. Dr.
F. R. Graves, Rt. Rev. Dr. Capers, Rt. Rev.
Dr. Gailor, Rt. Rev. Dr. Lawrence, Rt. Rev.
Dr. Cheshire, Rt. Rev. Dr. Hall, Rt. Rev. Dr.
White, Rt. Rev. Dr. MHlspaugh, Rt. Rev. Dr.
Rowe. Rt. Rev. Dr. Garrett, Rt. Rev. Dr. Bur
ton, Rt. Rev. Dr. Johnson, Rt. Rev. Dr. Sat
terlee, Rt. Rev. Dr. J. D. Morrison, Rt. Rev.
Dr. Brewster, Rt. Rev. Dr. Gibson, Rt. Rev.
Dr. McVickar. Rt. Rev. Dr. Horner, Rt. Rev.
Dr. Moreland, Rt. Rev. Dr. Kdsall, Rt. Rev.
Dr. T. N. Morrison, Rt. Rev. Dr. Funsten, Rt.
Rev. Dr. Francis, Rt. Rev. Dr. A. L. Wil
liams, Rt. Rev. Dr. Gravatt, Rt. Rev. Dr.
Partridge, Rt. Rev. Dr. Codman, Rt. Rev. Dr.
Anderson, Rt. Rev. Dr. Barnwell, Rt. Rev. Dr.
Weller, Rt. Rev. Dr. Taylor.
HOUSE OF DEPUTIES TAKES ACTION Oil AMENDMENTS TO THE CONSTITUTION PROPOSED AT LAST CONVENTION
THE temporary home of Bishop
and Mrs. Nichols at the corner
of Clay and Laguna streets was
the scene of a brilliant reception
to the visiting Bishops last night.
Those who attended pronounced it one of
the most pleasant features -of the gath
ering.
The handsome parlors were prettily dec
orated for the occasion, their appearance
adding greatly to the warmth of the wel
come extended by the California Bishop
and his charming wife to the visitors and
their wives and daughters.
The reception was an Informal affair
but an imposing one, and afforded those
present an opportunity to judge of the
wealth of hospitality which Californians
are prone to lavish upon visitors to their
State.
Following is a list of the Bishops, many
of whom were accompanied by their
wives and daughters, who attended the
reception:
Rt. Rev. Dr. Tuttle, Rt. Rev. Dr. Morris,
Rt. Rev. Dr. Doane, Rt. Rev. Dr. Whitaker
Rt. Rev. Dr. Nlles, Rt. Rev. Dr. Hare, Rt
Rev. Dr. Dudley, Rt. Rev. Dr. Scarborough
Rt. Rev. Dr. Peterkin, Rt. Rev. Dr. Seymour,
Rt. Rev. Dr. Brewer, Rt. Rev. Dr. Whitehead
Rt. Rev. Dr. Potter, Rt. Rev. Dr. Randolph'
Rt. Rev. Dr. "Walker, Rt. Rev. Dr. Paret Rt
Rev. Dr. Ferguson, Rt. Rev. Dr. Weed Rt'
Rev. Dr. Talbot, Rt. Rev. Dr. Johnston' Rt.
Rev, Dr. A. Leonard, Rt. Rev. Dr. Coleman,
Rt. Rev. Dr. . Kendrlck, Rt. . Rev. Dr. Vincent,
Rt. Rev. Dr. Grafton, Rt. Rev. Dr. W. A.
Temporary Home of the California Prelate Thronged With Distin
guished Guests Who Are Attending the Convention.
BISHOP W. FORD NICHOLS TENDERS
VISITORS BRILLIANT RECEPTION
VISITING PRELATES AND LOCAL EPISCOPAL CHURCHES.
Continued From Page Two.
London uses up 20,000,000 tons of coal an
nually. .>¦"* .-,-.¦
The following resolution was introduced
by the Rev. Dr. Carey and was adopted
by a rising vote: '<
Resolved, In view of the cheering announce
ment that the Woman's Auxiliary has, in Its
biennial meeting, contributed to the mission
ary work In the church a sum of money ex
ceeding $104,000. the • members . of this house
send . warm greetings to the faithful women
of the church and express their, heartfelt grat
itude for such noble results.
An adjournment was then taken until 9
o'clock this morning.
residing therein and settled and qualified -as
above provided.
Article six was introduced by Dr.* Egar.
He saJd it was new and was a needed
amendment. It was read, and the Rev.
Dr. Mallory of Milwaukee found some
objection to it on the ground that It was
ambiguous. Dr. Egar removed the doubt
that existed in ' the clerical delegate's
mind, and he called upon Judge Fair
banks of Florida, who was the father of
the amendment. His explanation was
satisfactory and it . was passed unani
mously. It is as follows:
Section i: The House of Bishops may es
tablish missionary districts in States and Ter
ritories or parts thereof not organized Into
dioceses. It ¦ may also from time to time
change, Increase or diminish the territory in
cluded in such missionary districts In such
manner as may be prescribed by canon.
Sec. 2. The general convention may accept
a cession of the territorial Jurisdiction of a
part of a, diocese when such cession shall
have been proposed by the Bishop and the
convention of such diocese, and consent there
to shall have been given by three-fourths of
the parishes in the ceded territory, and also
by the same ratio of the parishes within tho
remaining territory^
Any territorial Jurisdiction or any part of
the same, which may have been accepted from
a diocese by tho General Convention under the
foregoing provision may be retroceded to the
eaid diocese by such Joint action : of all the
several parties hs Is herein required for Its
cession; provided, that such action of the
General Convention, whether of cession or re
trocession, shall be by a vote of two-thirds
of all the Bishops present and voting and by
a vote of two- thirds of the House of Deputies
voting by orders.
Sec. 3. Missionary districts shall be organ
ized as may be prescribed by canon of the
General Convention..
After the reading of the following
amendment it was adopted:
Dioceses and missionary districts may be
united into provinces in such manner, under
such conditions and with such powers, as
shall bo provided by canon of the General Con
vention; provided, however, that no diocese
ehall be -Included In a province without Its
cwn consent.
The Rev. Samuel Hart, secretary of the
House of Bishops, brought the following
message from that body and it was re
ferred to the committee on the Book of
Common Prayer:
Message No. 3, General Convention, San Fran
cisco, second day of session. October 3.
1901. . r- • ¦
The Houso of Bishops informs the House of
Deputies that it has adopted the following
resolution:.
Resolved, the House of Deputies concurring.
That tho marginal readings for the English
version of the Old and New Testament re
ported to this house by the general session
appointed in 1895 and reappolnted in 1898, make
such report, to be published and reported un
der the direction of said session, and It Is
hereby allowed to be used by ministers of this
bouse in reading tha" lessons from. Holy Script
ure In the morning and evening prayer.
Attest: • SAMUEL HART, Secretary.
Chairman Lindsay appointed the follow
ing clerical and lay delegates on a com
mittee to prepare resolutions on the death
of the late President William McKinley:
Rev. Henry Easter of Tennessee, Rev. Alfred
Harding of Washington, Rev. J. Grosvenor of
New York, R. T. Payne of Massachusetts and
Joseph S. Johnston of Alabama.
DELEGATES COMMEND
WOMAN'S AUXILIARY
Mr. George Kennan, the welf-known
traveler and writer, has arrived In St.
Petersburg, after a short stay in Fin
land. He will spend some months there
recuperating his health and studying
Russian life and literature.
Canons— The Bishops of New York, Mary
land and coadjutor of Southern Ohio, Bishops
of North Carolina, Vermont and Duluth.
Domestic Missions— Tho Bishops of South Da
kota, Milwaukee, Southern Florida, Massachu
setts and coadjutor of Rhode Island.
Foreign Missions — The Bishops of New Jer
sey, Central Pennsylvania, New. Mexico and
Arizona and Washington.
Admission of New Diocese— The Bishops of
West Virginia, Texas, Los Angeles, Sacra
mento and Iowa.
Nomination of Missionary Bishops— Tho Bish
ops of Montana, Laramle, Texas and Minne
sota.
Unfinished Business— The Bishops of Lar
amle, West Missouri and Alaska.
HiOLY SCRIPTURES
ARE BEING REVISED
Throughout the afternoon session the
house discussed the report of the special
committee appointed at the last conven
tion on the revision of the Scriptures
and they finally passed the following
resolution: . » /;.¦
The House of Deputies concurring, It is '¦':''¦"
Resolved. That the marginal readings for the
English version of the Old and New. Testaments
reported to this house by the Joint commission
appointed in 1S95 and reappolnted in 1898 to
make such report be published under the direc
tion of the said commission and is hereby al
lowed by ministers of this church in reading
tho lessons from the Holy Scriptures in morn
ing and evening prayer.
An adjournment was then taken until
9 o'clock thia morning-.
Prayer' Book — The Bishops of Pennsylvania,
Pittsburg, Western Xew York, South Carolina
and Connecticut,
Amendments to Constitution— The Bishops of
Albany, Pennsylvania, Springfield, Southern
Virginia. Tennessee, Michigan City and Chi
cago.
Religious Services— The Bishops of Florida,
Dallas. West Missouri, Tokio and coadjutor of
Virginia.
Memorials and Petitions— Tho Bishops of
Pittsburgh Maryland, North Carolina, Alaaka
and coadjutor of Nebraska.
Dispatch of Business— The Bishops of Georgia,
Massachusetts and coadjutor of west Virginia.
Rules of Order— The chairman of tho house,
ex-ofncio, and the Bishops of Delaware, Ohio
and South Carolina.
of Fond du Lac, Boise, Kioto, Maine and co
adjutor of Quincy. - . *,
Consecration of Bishops— Tho Bishops of Salt
Lake, Delaware, Oklahoma and Indiana.
ON THE ADMISSION OF NEW DIOCESES
— Rev. Dr. Alsop of Long Island, Rev. Dr. Car
rriichsel of EaEt Carolina, Rev. Mr. Restari~k
of Los Angeles, Rev. Dr. McBryde of Southern
Virginia. Rev. Mr. Ehorb of Oregon, Rev. sir.
MacLfcon of Minnesota. Rev. Dr. Manning of
T<-nr.e?!>ife. Mr. Pell-Clarke of Albany. Mr.
Paine of Massachusetts, Mr. Randall of Mary
land. Mr. Wilson of Springfield, Mr. Gads£en
of Pourh Carolina and ilr. Richards of Spokane
ON THE CONSECRATION OF BISHOPS—
Rev. Dr. Jcncs of Central Pennsylvania. Rev.
Dr. Nelson of Western New York, Rev. Dr'
Tucker of Southern Virginia, Rev. Dr. Corneli
of Iowa, Iiev. Dr. Waterman of New Hamp
thJre, Rev. Mr. Talbot of Western Missouri
Rev. Mr. Harding of Washington, Mr. Robin
fen of Kentucky, Mr. Bur'gwin of Pittsburg,
Mr. Green of MieEifs'.jppi, Mr. Wells of Ver
mont. John G. Williams of Virginia and Mr.
Miller of MJchlcan.
ON UNFINISHED BUSINESS — Rev. Dr.
Beatty of Kansas. Rev. Mr. Benr.ltt of New
ark, Rev. Mr. Foley of Central Pennsylvania,
P^v. Mr. Stack of Dallas, Rev. Dr. Piper of
Milwaukee. Rev. Mr. Hammond of Delaware,
Rev. Mr. Denslow of Indiana, Mr. Lamb of
East Carolina, Mr. Wilkes of North Carolina,
Mr. Eallade of FonS du Lac. Mr. Dudley of
Lexington, Mr. Phillips of Los Angeles and
Mr. Carpenter of New Hampshire.
ON THE PRATER BOOK— Rev. Dr. Hodgea
of Maryland, Rev. Mr. Foute of California,
B«r. Dr. Oberly of Xew Jersey, Rev. Mr. Tay-
ON THE GENERAL THEOLOGICAL SEM
INARY—Rev. Dr. Carey of Albany, Rev Dr
Baker of New Jersey, Rev. Dr. Olmstead of
Fcr.sy'.vanla. Rev. Mr. Hopkins of Chicago
Pftv. Dr. Percival of Louisiana, Rev. Dr Estili
of Kentucky. Rev. Mr. Spaldlng of Pititsburjr
Mr. Hayes of Newark, Mr. Parker of Colorado'
Mr. UyaderM of Long Island. Mr. McMaster
of Missouri, Mr. Cutting oi New York and Mr
Short of Southern Ohio.
ON ELECTIONS— Rev. Dr. Marshall of North
Carolina. Rev. Dr. Fair of Nebraska, Rev. Dr.
Moore of "West Virginia, Rev. Dr. Trew of Los
Angeles, Rev. Dr. Winchester of. Missouri,
Rev. Dr. Clarke of Michigan, Rev. Mr. Mc-
Cready of Lexington, Mr. Storehouse of Mil
waukee. Mr. Davis of Massachusetts, Mr.
¦Withers of Southern Virginia, Mr. Henry of
Iowa, Mr. Prince of New Mexico and Mr. Gil
bert cf Springfield.
OX THE STATE OP THE CHURCH— Rev.
Dr. Duncan of Louisiana, Kev. Mr. Murray
of Alabama, Rev. Dr. Klrby of Albany. Rev.
Mr. Lockwood of Arkansas, Rer. Dr. Clampett
of California, Rev. Dr. Brainard of Central
New York, Rev. Dr. Power* of Central Penn
sylvania. Rev. Mr. Pardee of Chicago, Rev.
Mr. Ofal of Colorado. Rev. Mr. Raftery of
Connecticut, Rev. Mr. Wlckens of Dallas, Rev.
Dr. Hall of Delaware, Rev. Mr. Harding of
East Carolina, Rev. Mr. Page of Easton, Rev.
Mr. Whaley of Florida, Rev. Mr. Foster of
Fond flu Lao, Rev. Dr. Reese of Georgia, Rev.
Mr. Denslow of Indiana, Rev. Mr. Lynch of
Iowa, Rev. Mr. "Watkins of Kansas. Rev. Dr.
Cralk o: Kentucky, Rev. Mr. Noland of Lex
ington, Rev. Dr. Bacchus of Long Island Rev.
Mr. Browne of Los Angeles, Rev. Mr. Nichol
son of Maine, Rev. Mr. Curzon of Macquette,
Rev. air. Wroth of Maryland. Rev. Dr. «raodges
oi Massachusetts, Rev. Mr. McCarroll of Mich
igan, Rev. Mr. McKenzie of Michigan City,
Rev. Mr. Cht.se of Milwaukee, Rev. Mr.
Kaupt of Minnesota, Rev. Mr. Messenger of
ilisslsElppl. Rev. /ilr. Hatch of Missouri. Rev.
ilr. Marsh cf Nebraska. Rev. Dr. Hughes of
Newark, Rev. Mr. Goodwin of New Hamp
shire, Rev. Dr. Baker of New Jersey, Rev. Dr.
Groevenor of New York, Rev. Dr. Murdock of
North Carolina, Rev. Mr. Aves of Ohio, Rev.
Mr. Potwlne of Oregon, Rev. Dr. Bodine of
Pennsylvania, Rev. Mr. Grange of Pittsburg,
Rev. Mr. Moore of Quincy, Rev. Mr. Porter of
Rhode Island. Rev. Dr. Kershaw of South Car
olina. Rev. Mr. Ely of Southern Ohio. Rev. Dr.
Lloyd of Southern Virginia. Rev. Mr. Wright
of BpringSeld, Rev. Dr. Ringgold of Tennessee t
Rev. Mr. A-ves of Texas Rev. Mr. Sanford of
Vermont, Rev. Dr. Crawford of Virginia, Rev.
Dr. Mackay-Smlth of Washington, Rev. Mr.
Kills of West Missouri, Rev. Mr. Gibson of
West Virginia, Rev. J. N. McCormlck of
Western M:cl-.igan. Rev. Dr. Wrigley of West
ern New Torjj, Rev. Mr. Du Bose of Aibevlllo,
Rev. Mr. Nicholas of Oklahoma and Rev. Dr.
Nevin of the American churches in Europe
ON CHRISTIAN EDUCATION— Rev. Dr.
Biles of Vermont, Rev. Dr. Gardner of Fond du
Lac Rev. Dr. Greer of New York, Rev. Dr.
Kocges of Massachusetts, Rev. Dr. Bodine of
Penncylvania, Rev. Dr. Hart of Colorado, Rev.
Dr. Grammer of Southern Virginia, Mr. Fair
banks of Florffla, Mr. Brown of Maine Mr
Wiggins of Tennessee, Mr. Track of Albany]
Mr. RarJdce of Western New York and Mr
Battle of North Carolina.
ON MEMORIALS OF DECEASED MEM
BERS — Rev. Mr. De Rossee of Springfield Rev
Mr. McKim of Delaware, Rev. Mr. McCarroll
cf Michigan, Rev. Mr. Nelson of Virginia. Rev
Dr. Harris of Vermont, Rev. Mr. Mallory of
Milwaukee, Rev. Mr. Ingle of North Carolina
Mr. Covington of Kentucky, Mr. Martin of In
diana. Mr. Williamson of Quincy, Mr. Wood of
Duluth. Mr. Fins of Alabama and Mr. Mather
of Ohio.
ON EXPENSES — Mr. Sowden of Massachu
setts, Rev. Mr. Knight of Georgia, Rev. Dr.
Lines of Connecticut, Rev. Dr. Roller of West
Virginia, Mr. Mather of Ohio, Mr. Roots of
Arkansas, Mr. Wilzner of Virginia, Mr. Trlp
iett of Missouri. Mr. Carpenter of New Jersey,
Mr. Goodwin of Connecticut, Mr. White of
Marquette, Mr. Wood of Southern Ohio and
Mr. Frazer of Pennsylvania,
OX AMENDMENT TO THE CONSTITU
TION—Rev. Dr. Huntington of New York, Rev.
Lr. Egar of Central N«w York, Rev. Dr. Rob
erts of New Hampshire, Rev. Dr. McConnell
oi Long Island. Kev. Dr. Donald of Slaseochu
sctts Rev. Dr.. Williams of- Nebraska, Mr.
Wool worth of Nebraska. Mr. Mills of Newark,
Mr. Stiness of Rhode Island, Mr. Andrews of
Central New York. Mr. Trapnell of West Vir
ginia. Mr. Stevens of Minnesota and Mr. Brad
lord of Delaware.
OX RULES OF OPJ3ER— The president of the
boose ex-ofncio, Mr. Woolwortn of Nebraska,
l'.ir. Packard of Maryland, Mr. Stetson of New
York, Mr. Withers of Southern Virginia and
Kev. Dr. Fulton of Pennsylvania.
STANDING committees were appoint
ed yestenJar morning by Rev. Dr.
Lindsay, chairman of the House of
Deputies. The bulk of the work of
the convention is tn tho hands of
these committees, fcs the various resolu
tions and proposed canons are sent to
them for discussion and the reports they
make will be acted upon at the next Tri
tnr.ial Convention of fhe church. The
committees follow:
At thlp time Chairman Lindsay took oo
caelon to mako an announcement to the
delegates that was greeted with audible ap
proval by the dignified gatherinff, He said
Dr. Egar then, offered the next amend
ment and it was adopted by a unanimous
vote. It is as follows: • -.
Bishops may be consecrated for foreign lands
upon due application therefrom, with tha ap
probation of a majority of the Bishops of this,
church entitled to vote In the House of Bish
ops, certified to the presiding Bishop; under
such conditions as may be prescribed by canons
of the General Convention. Bishops so conse
crated shall not be eligible to the office of dio
cesan or of Bishop coadjutor of any diocese
in the United States or be entitled to vote In
the House of Bishops, nor shall they perform
any act of the episcopal -office in any diocese
or missionary district of this church unless re
quested «o to do by the ecclesiastical authority
thereof.
Sec. 4. A Bishop may not resign his juris
diction without the consent of the House of
Bishops. t . • '
Seo. 2. No one shall bo ordained and conse
crated Bishop until ho shall bo thirty years
of age, nor without the consent of a majority
of the standing committees of all the dioceses,
and the consent of a majority of the Bishops
of this church exercising jurisdiction within
tho United States. But if the election shall
have taken place within three months next be
fore the meeting of the General Convention the
consent of the House of Deputies shall be re
quired in place of that of a majority of the
standing committees. No one shall be* or
dained and consecrated Bishop by fewer than
three Bishops.
Bee. 3. A . Bishop shall confine tho exercise
of his office to his own diocesa or missionary
district unless he shall have been requested to
perform episcopal acts In another diocese or
missionary district by the ecclesiastical au
thority thereof, or in a vacant missionary dis
trict by the presiding Bishop of this church,
or unless he shall have been authorized and ap
pointed by tho Houso of Bishops or by tho pre
siding Bishop by Its direotion. to act tempo
rarily in case of need within any territory not
yet organized into dioceses or missionary dis
tricts of this church.
rules prescribed by the convention of that dio
cese. Missionary Bishops shall be chosen In
accordance with the canons of tho General Con
vention.
Seo. 6. No new diocese shall be formed which
shall contain fewer than six self-supporting
parishes, or fewer than six presbyters who
have . been for at least one year ¦ canonlcally
resident within tho - bounds of . such new
diocese, regularly settled in ' a parish . or con
gregation and qualified to vote for a Bishop.
Nor shall such new diocese bo formed it there
by any . existing diocese shall be so reduced
as to contain fewer than twelve self-supporting
parishes and twelve presbyters who have been
. Sec. . 4. Whenever a new dloceso Is formed
and erected out of an existing diocese, it
6hall be subject to tho constitution and canons
of the diocese out of which it was formed,
except as local circumstances may prevent
until the Bame be altered in accordance with
such constitution and canons by tho conven
tion of tho new diocese. Whenever a diocese
Is formed out of two or more existing dioceses
It shall be subject to the constitution and
canons of that one of the said existing dioceses
to which the greater number of clergymen
shall have belonged | prior to the erection of
suoh new diocese, except as local circum
stances may prevent, until the same be altered
In 3 accordance with such constitution and
canons by the convention of the new diocese.
Sec. 5. A diocese formed out of a missionary
district shall be subject to the constitution and
canons to which such missionary district was
subject, until the same be altered in accord
ance with such constitution and canons by the
convention of the new ditfeese.
. Seo. 3. In case a diocese shall be formed out
of parts of two or more dioceses, each of the
Bishops and Bishops coadjutor of tho several
dioceses out of which the new diocese has
been formed shall be entitled, In order of
seniority of consecration, to the choice be
tween his own diocese and the new diocese so
formed. In case the new diocese shall not be
so chosen. It shall have the right to choose Its
own Bishop.
Sec. 2. In cas» one diocese shall bo divided
Into two or more dioceses, tho Bishop of the
diocese divided may elect the one to which
he will be attached, and he shall thereupon
become the Bishop thereof; and • the Bishop
Coadjutor, If there be one, may elect the one
to which he / will be attached, and (If it ba
not the one elected by the Bishop) ha shall
be the Bishop thereof. .
mation, of a new diocese tare been compiled
with and that it has acoeded to the consti
tution of this church, and the General Conven
tion shall have so declared and shall have
ratified such proceedings, the formation of the
new diocese shall be complete, and it shall
thereupon be admitted to union with the Gen
eral Convention.
Section 1, A new diocese may be formed (1)
by the erection into a diocesa of tho whole or
of any part of one or more missionary dis
tricts; (2) . by the .division of an existing
diocese; or (3) by the junction of two or more
dioceses or. or parts of two or more dioceses,
under such conditions as the General Conven
tion shall prescribe by general canon or canons.
The proceedings shall originate In a) convoca
tion of the clergy an-l laity, of the missionary
district called by. the Bishop for that purpose;
or, with tho approval . of the Bishop, In the con
vention of tha dlocene to be divided; or (when
It is proposed to form a. new diocesa by the
junction pt two or more dioceses or of parts
Of two or. more dioceses) by mutual agreement
of the conventions of tho dioceses concerned;
With the approval of the Bishop or the ecclesi
astical authority of each diocese. In case the
Episcopate of a diocese' be vacant, no pro
ceedings toward its division shall bo taken
until the, vacancy is. filled. During. 1 ft vacancy
In a "missionary district, tha consent -of : the
presiding. Bishop must be had before proceed
ings to erect-lit into a dloeem» are taken. When
it shall appear to the satisfaction of tho Gen
eral Convention, by a certified copy of tho pro
ceedings and other documents and. papers laid
before it, that all tho conditions for the for-
¦ Dr. Egar next asked that article five of
the constitution be stricken out and the
amendment read by the assistant secre
tary adopted.
Upon motion of Mr. Saunders of Massa
chusetts the further consideration of the
article was postponed until next Tuesday
morning. Tho amendment Is as follows:
In every diocese a standing: commutes shall
bo appointed by tha convention thereof. When
there is a Bishop in charge of the dlooese, the
standing committee shall be his council of
advice; and when, there Is no such Bishop, the
standing committee shall be the ecclesiastical
authority of the diocese for all purposes de
clared by the General Convention. The rights
and the duties of the standing committee,
except as provided In the. constitution and
canons of tha General Convention, may be pre
scribed by the canons of the respective dioceses.
The fourth article was then offered by
Dr. Egar. It was read to the convention,
and on a vote being taken it was unan
imously adopted. The amendment is as
follows:
... ARTICLE IV. "
that the united offering of the Woman's
Auxiliary that mprningr amounted to $104,
295,
Examinations for positions in the Bu
reau of Engineering. Department of Pub
lic Works, will be held by the Civil Ser
vice Commissioners in the following or
der: Surveyor's field assistants, engi
neers' and surveyors' office assistants,
'draughtsmen, surveyors, assistant engi
neers, chief assistant engineer. The ex
amination for surveyors' field assistants
will be held in the examination chamber
of the commission at the City Hall, Tues
day, October 29. 1S01, at 9 a. m. The other
examinations will be held at dates to be
set hereafter. There are fifty places at
present in the bureau of engineering, with
salaries ranging from $65 to $250 a month.
Civil Service Examinations.
Great satisfaction was felt by the la
dies of the auxiliary at the amount of the
offering of yesterday. At the previous
convention in Washington. D. C. the of
fering amounted to 183,000. The offering
of yesterday was turned over to George
C Thomas of Philadelphia, treasurer of
the fund. Mr. Thomas is a deputy to the
convention and is a partner of J. Picr
pont Morgan.
It was announced yesterday that the
officers of the Woman's Auxiliary would
resume their business meeting next Mon
day morning at 10 o'clock in the Sunday
school room of St. Paul's Church, on Cal
ifornia street.
formed by women In all ages. The Bish
op paid a tribue to many women who
had devoted their lives to misslonary
work, and extended a welcome to the con
gregation for the offerings they had
brought to this city.
Six Junior clergymen made the rounds
of the church, when the offering was
made. They carried the small silver col
lection plates, and the ladies representing
the* various auxiliaries of the dioceses in
America deposited bank notes, checks and
gold and silver coins In the platters. Bach
offering from a diocese was inclosed in
beautifully decorated envelopes, the work
of the ladles in the auxiliary. Some of
the envelopes were made of silk and sat
in, hand-painted and embroidered.
The heavily laden plates were carried by
the junior clergymen to the altar, where
a huge gold alms-basin was placed. The
offerings were emptied into the gold
basin until it was filled. The basin meas
ured three feet in diameter and was pre
sented by the Church of England to the
Episcopal Church of America some yea: 3
ago. It Is only used at the Triennial Con
vention of the church, and is kept in tha
custody of the Rev. Dr. Samuel Hart,
secretary to the House of Bishops.
More than 1000 Iadie3 received the conse
crated bread and wine in the holy com
munion service. Z . "¦-,
Continued From Page One.
WOMEN MAKE MUNIFICENT OFFERING
At a meeting of the Park Commission
ers last evening Max Braveman of • Vi
salia presented a most valuable mineral
exhibit to the board for addition to the
collection in the museum. The commis
sion decided to purchase a rare collection
of birds, chiefly birds of paradise, for
the museum. The sandstone contract for.
the new park hospital was let to Mc-
Gilvery & Co. and the tiling contract to
Gladding & McBean. It was also decided
to erect an old style Dutch windmill in
the west end of the park to Increase the
water supply.
Park Commissioners Meet.
State Itepaxtment Will Suggest Arbi
tration as the Best Means of
Ending Trouble.
CARACAS, Venezuela, Oct. 3.— Minister
Bowen has succeeded in persuading the
parties to the asphalt controversy to ac
cept arbitration. The State Department
has been requested to urge the asphalt
companies in New York to accept this
plan, which will settle the perplexing
question. •
SYRACUSE, N. T., Oct. 3.— President
Quinland . of the "Warner-Quinland Com
pany to-night declared the story of the
asphalt settlement false. He said the
matter was now beyond the point of a
compromise. \
ASPHALT CONTROVERSY
REMAINS UTTSETELED
Many of the exhibits have been loaned
by their owners, while others have been
sent specially to this city from far away
points. The ladies In charge of the local
committees will keep open house for their
visitors at "the headquarters.
Tickets for the exhibition can ' be
obtained from the Rev. Mardon D. "Wil
son at 1703 Bush street, the general head
quarters of the Episcopal Convention.
a unique exhibition of missionary
work. A number of rooms have been
fitted up with products of various coun
tries in which the missionary workers of
the church have- made converts. Native
work of the Indians of Alaska will be
found, together with the productions of
the dwellers in the South Seas and far off
Orient. Mexican converts and the dwell
ers in the pueblas of Mexico have con
tributed to. the exhibition.
THE ladies of the local "Woman's
Auxiliary of the Episcopal
church will open to-day at their
headquarters. 1609 Sutter street.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY^ OCTOBER 4, 1901.
FOR THE BENEFIT OF THE EPISCOPAL CHURCH
Bulk of the Work That Will Come Before'' the Convention Will
Pass Through Deputies Who Were Chosen by Dr. Lindsay.
3Of all German cities Nuremberg has in
creased most within the last five years —
about CO per cent. ' - .
APPOINTS EXAMINER.— Customs Collector
Stratton appointed Jamea D. Whalen yesterday
as examiner in place of Rayner Share, who
goes to Honolulu as on examiner in the Cus
tom-house at ?240O per annum.
Japanese Easy Victims,
Japanese storekeepers are being victim
ized by a, man who is working ; the old
Confederate .bill ' pwindle. The Japanese
have not as yet heard of the Civil War
and are easy victims to the wiles of the
crooked purchaser of their wares, who
always has a bunch of Confederate bills
to make payments with. The police are
looking for him.
Saf ecrackers Caught.
William Troy,' who with a rioted 'crook
named HammlUblew open a safe In tho
Postofflce at Redwood City some time
ago, was arrested yesterday on the water
front by Sergeant Lewis. Troy will be
taken to Redwood City to-day. HammlH,
his accomplice, was recently sentenced to
serve twenty-five years in prison for hla
part In the crime.
DR. COWDEiN" IS REFUSE©
• A WRIT OF MANDATE
Judge Hunt Decides That State Board
of Examiners Has Power to
¦Withhold Certificate.
The application of J*- J. Cowden, a grad
uate of the Pacific Coast Regular College
of Medicine, for a peremptory writ of
mandate to compel the State Board of
Medical Examiners to Issue to him a cer
tificate authorizing him to practice' medi
cine, was denied by Judge Hunt yester
day. \
Cowden was refused a certificate by the
Board of Examiners on the ground that
the Institution was not a college in good
standing. He appealed to the courts and
the Board of Examiners was ordered to
give him a further hearing. The result of
the hearing was a second refusal to issue
a certificate.
Cowden then applied for the writ of
mandate, which was refused by Judge
Hunt yesterday. His Honor held that to
Issue the writ would be an interference
with the duties of the board, which was
empowered to grant or deny a certificate
to practice- i
Prejudiced Against Examiner.
The trial of Charles Gordon, a watch
man, charged . with 'battery on r>anlel
Sweeney, an Examiner artist, was com
menced yesterday before Judge Fritz. Out
of fifty men examined only five were
selected to act as jurors. The others were
disqualified on account of their prejudice
against the Examiner and .its proprietor.
The names of the jurors thus far selected
are: George Hurd, Donald McDonald,
Louis Bearwald, C. F. Goddard and C. W.
Cochran. It is expected that the Jury will
be completed to-day.
Ladies of the Infants' Shelter Auxili
ary Arrange for a Popular
Concert.
PLAN" MONSTER BENEFIT
TO AID OPEN" AIR FUND
The auxiliary of the Infants' Shelter will
give a concert at Sherman-Clay Hall on
the. evening of Thursday, October 17, for
the benefit of the open-air fund of the or
ganization. The auxiliary during the last
summer did splendid work by sending
sixty . children to a rented cottage in Mill
Valley. The children remained there for
three months and gained in health and
strength all the time.
The following- ' named young ladles will
act as ushers: Misses Lalla and Elise
Winzelburger, Helen Wright, Edith Cut
ter, Etta Bender, Maud and Mabel duff,
May Billings, Louise Heppner, Christine
Judah and Helen Allen of Sacramento.
They will bo assisted by • Harold Mann,
Nat Gilman, Raymond Spauldlng, Edward
Feldman,* Gerard and Charles Hoag and
Raymond and Chester Judah. .
¦ The officers and members of the auxil
iary are as follows :
Miss Daisy Burns, president; Miss May Bil
lings, treasurer; Mrs. J. H. Deahl, secretary;
Misses Maud duff. Emma Conly, Jessie ¦ and
Elsie Dorr, Christine Judah. Rhoda Mills,
KiHle Gorham, Rhoda O'Farrell, Erna Schmidt,
Mabel Guinn, M. Baggert, Alice Jackson,
Tessle McNab, Muriel wimple, Duggan, Edith
Cutter, Dottle Llpsher. Alma Hulme, A. Mills,
Louise Heppner, Lucile Levy, S.'.G. Bo well.
Sage. Win lams. Van Bergen; Mesdames Lester
Werrlck. Sprague, Eugene Lee, McGanly and.
Floyd Judah.
was not rosy. He believed the failure of
the teamsters to come to an agreement
with their former employers was due to
the circulation of misleading reports as
to the terms of the agreement arrived at
with the Governor*
The non-union teamsters In the employ
of Dore & Co. quit their. trucks In a. body
yesterday morning when they learned
they would not have police escorts.. The
men declared It was unsafe to go out into
the streets unless they were guarded, and
that they would under no circumstance
invite disaster. The result was a cessa
tion of operations by the firm during the
day.
BRITISH- AMEBICAOJ- TTNTON
EXPRESSES ITS SORROW
Passes Resolutions Deploring the
Assassination of the Chief Ex
ecutive of the Nation.
Dr. Robert Mackenzie delivered a lec
ture Wednesday night before the British-
American union on the life and death of
our late lamented President, William Mc-
Kinley. Mrs. Stadtfeld and Mrs. J. J.
Newbegin rendered several solos.
The following 1 resolutions were adopted:
Whereas, William McKinley, the honored
chief magistrate of this nation, has been
stricken clown by the hand of a foul assassin;
now therefore be it
Resolved. That in the death .of this Christian
gentleman the nation lias lost a wise ruler,
the heart-broken wife a devoted husband, ! and
the world a brave apostle of civil and religious
liberty; and
Resolved, That we, members of the British-
American Union, regard the dead Presi
dent as a martyr to principle; and that we
hereby emphasize our detestation of the crime,
and our abhorrence of tha man or men *ho
could sanction or encourage ao base a' deed;
and - . ... . .
Resolved, That the well-being of society de
mands that strenuous laws should be speedily
passed to crush out anarchy; and that if
necessary the nation by concerted action
should take vigorous measures to thwart thia
vile conspiracy against God. and mankind; and
Resolved, That we extend to the dear woman
who mourns In th» desolate home our heart
felt sympathy and assure her that If the tert
der solicitude of ths good in all lands can
afford her consolation it Is hers.
The following officers and directors were
elected for 1901-02: ' .
President, William Greer Harrison i first vice
president, Dr. F, W. d' Evelyn; -second vice
president, J. J. Newbegin; third vice president,
of union teamsters could be made.
The smaller draying firms had little
trouble in securing their old teamsters.
Notwithstanding this, however, very few
men returned to their trucks. Manager
Renner of the . association estimated last
night that 'the number of teamsters who
returned during the day will not exceed
fifty. His firm, the Stetson-Renner Dray
ing Company, had succeeded in securing
only two. J. S. Jacobs Company ten, C.
B. Rode & Co. four, Englander Bros,
seven, and G. W. Emmons four. A few of
the smaller draymen who employ from
one to six teamsters secured their old
hands, but the number is not large.
Messrs. McNab & Smith retained the
services of their special policemen at their
own expense yesterday. This firm has kept
about a hundred' non-union teamsters con
stantly employed, during the strike. Many
of these men proved themselves to be
faithful and competent, and when the de
mand -was made that they be discharged
In favor of a union crew, the demand was
refused. The firm announced that it
would take back twenty-five of its old em
ployes, and when this was made known at
headquarters it was decided that no
union teamsters would be allowed to re
turn to this firm until a more satisfac
tory arrangement as to- tho employment
General L. H. r Foote: treasurer, William
Pardy; recording secretary, C. B. Sedgwick;
corresponding secretary, Dr. F. W. d' Evelyn;
directors— Professor Thomas Price. Thomas
Pennlngton, J. B. Macnamara. H. Harris, A.
E. Acklom, E. J. Martin. Alexander G.
Wright, George Pennington, George A. Dickie.
J~y UT a few hundred of the thousands of strikers ivcrc able to return to work yesterday. A scries
£~j of misunderstandings prevented the teamsters from taking the trucks out, and along the
" zuater front not many strikers found work waiting for them. Much dissatisfaction with the
terms of settlement developed, but the Brotherhood of Teamsters determined last night that its mem
bers should apply to their former employers for ivork this morning. No action adverse to the settle
merit has been taken by any of the water front unions, and rumors that the strike is on again are un
founded.
Father Yorke addressed the meetings of the Brotherhood of Teamsters and the " Sailors'
Union at night. He advised the teamsters to go back to work and renew the sinews of zvar, and said
that they could "attend to the 'scabs' later."
unions are upholding the peace agreement
Brotherhood of Teamsters Approve the Settlement and Members Will Apply This Morning to Former Employers
for Positions, Consenting for the Present to Work With Non-Union Men Who Have Proved Efficient*
p»rj=^HE members of the Brotherhood
I of Teamsters gathered in force .at
1 Turk-street Temple last night and
11 after a heated debate, to which
was added the fiery eloquence of
Rev. Peter C. Yorke, formally ratified the
terms of settlement of the strike and
agreed to apply this morning to their for
mer employers for work.
That there was a wide divergence in
sentiment . concerning the terms upon
which the strike was adjusted was evi
dent during the progress of the meeting.
That element which was unalterably op
posed to the idea of fraternizing. with non
union drivers was with difficulty recon
ciled to the thought of working by the
side of men with whom they had been at
open war for so many weeks. In order
that their scruples mi»ht be overcome it
was decided to send for Father Torke, and
when that prelate took the platform the
hall was crowded almost to suffocation. •
Father Yorke recounted the facts In con
nection with the settlement of the strike
and explained the terms the substance of
which was published by The Call yester
day. He assured them that they had en
joyed a signal victory and that their tri
umph, although not now recognized,
would ultimately be acknowledged.
"How about working along with the
'scabs'?" shouted a man in the rear of the
hall.
"You can attend to them later," was the
reply, as repeated afterward to the re
porters outside by an officer of the union.
Michael Casey also made remarks. He
told of the meeting of the Governor and
representatives of the Draymen's Associa
tion and said the terms were satisfactory.
There had been some misunderstanding
among the men, but when the terms were
explained all dissatisfaction, was- dissi
pated. •" *'. ' V- •¦
A motion was subsequently made ratify
ing the terms of agreement and it was de
cided that all union men should return to
work ..as soon as possible, fulfilling the
contract by applying at once for their for
mer jobs.
LEADERS ADDRESS SAILORS.
"The Governor will give out whatever
is intended for publication. We have
promised to say nothing." This is all
the strike leaders had to say. • .
Prior to his visit to the Sailors' Union
Father Yorke addressed the Longshore
Lumbermen's Protective Association. He
exhorted them to be loyal to their agree
ment, saying that it had been made after
careful consideration and with a single
eye to the best interests of the city, and
that the people of San Francisco looked
to all parties to observe not only its let
ter but its spirit.
Both the longshoremen and the sailors
passed resolutions indorsing the peace
agreement.
At a special meeting of the Sailors'
Union last evening Andrew Furuseth,
Michael Casey and the Rev. Peter C.
Yorke In addresses to the sailors re
viewed the situaticn and tried to impress
rpor. the men the necessity tor their ac
ceptance of the terms of settlement as
made by those to whom that task had
been delegated. The meeting was largely
attended and the trio of orators left the
Fathering apparently well satisfied with
then efforts.
Neither Casey nor Furuseth would dis
cuss the situation.
Almost all the members of the Sand
Teamsters' Union, which went on strike
in sympathy with the Brotherhood of
Teamsters, returned to work yesterday
morning. None of the sand teamsters
knew what the terms of settlement were
and Business Agent Harper In an inter
view stated that he had not yet been
informed of the nature of the agreement.
In very few instances had the places of
the sand teamsters been filled by non
union men and in consequence the con
tractors were ready to take back their
former employes.
Gray Bros., who have the contract for
sweeping and sprinkling the streets, re
ported that many of their old teamsters
were taken back yesterday and that
more would be re-employed to-day.
Sand Teamsters at Work.
A rather pathetic Incident of the recent
ctrike developed yesterday at the City
Prison when Charles Lynch, aged 12, and
tv.-o companions, James Bryant and Al
bert Edberg. aged 12 and 13. respectively,
were arrested on a charge of having
etolen a few handfuls of iron nuts from
the Southern Pacific Company. Bail was
fixed at $2000 in each case Shortly after
the three youngsters arrived at the prison
it was learned that the Lynch boy's
father. Peter, who was shot at the cor
ner of Eleventh and Harrison streets on
July 31, during one of the labor scrim
mages, was dying. Attorney Martin
Qulnlln took pity on the youths and,
after explaining the predicament of the
Lynch boy to Judge Fritz, succeeded in
having' the ball reduced to $50 In each
rase, which he immediately furnished out
rf his own pocket. Young Lynch- went
Immediately to the bedside of his dying
lather.
Hurries Away to Dying Father.
George Hart, manager of Farnsworth &
Ruggles. reported at the office of the
Draymen's Association that his men were
intimidated- by the union strikers. As a
result of these threats, few of his teams
were out. Mr. Hart thought the outlook
for an amicable settlement of the trouble
Drivers Fear Violence.
At the stables of the Western Transfer
Company, on Harrison street, near
Fourth, there were threats openly made
against non-union drivers, the result be
ing that twelve of the drivers resigned in
order to avoid trouble. The company con
sulted with a committee of the strikers
and offered to take back half of its old
employes. The teamsters refused to con
sider the proposition, "but referred the
company to the union officials. It was .de
cided under tha circumstances to discon
tinue the trucks .until some arrangement
could be made with Michael Casey. Mean
while the non-union teamsters declined
to risk themselves on their trucks with
out police guard, and a few police were
sent for and employed.
The teamsters did not carry out Mr.
Renncr's idea. The old-time pickets went
on duty, and when a teamster showed up
at any of the stables south of Market
¦street he was instructed to go to head
quarters before entering upon his em
ployment. At the Overland stables, on
Bryant, between Fourth and Fifth streets,
a large crowd fathered, and when the
non-union teamsters appeared on their
trucks they were greeted with derisive
laughter and cat-calls. Several hoodlums
threw rocks, and in therabsence of police
escort the teamsters decided that it would
be unwise to go out. The -company tele
phoned for specials, who arrived within a
short time. The crowd then dispersed
and the trucks went out. as before, under
guard.
An immense gathering of teamsters at
their headquarters on Fourth street was
noticeable at 6 o'clock yesterday morning.
Fully 1000 men were congregated at that
point in anticipation of the arrival of the
draymen, who, it was understood by
them; were to come to headquarters for
the purpose of re-engaging their old
teamsters. The only drayman to appear
was C. B. Rode, who had discharged his
non-union men and was desirous of tak
ing back his old teamsters. He succeed
ed in finding his men and they accompa
nied him to the stable. The failure of the
other draymen to appear on the scene
caused some dissatisfaction among those
who did not understand .the situation, and
some bitter language was Indulged in.
About 7:30 o'clock Manager George Ren
ner of the Draymen's Association, who
had been notified that a misunderstand
ing prevailed, went to the teamsters'
headquarters and formally notified the
leaders that the men must apply to their
employers if they desired to drive trucks.
He further advised that those belonging
to the larger draying firms send a small
delegation to the firms with a complete
list of the men who desired reinstatement
and then await developments.
Pickets Still on Duty.
derstandings caused by the circu
lation of more or less disquieting rumors
concerning the terms at whl.h the strik
ers were to return to work a general re
sumption of operations by the craft was
prevented. About fifty out of 1500 team
sters were all that drove trucks yester
day.
THE announcement of the settle
ment of the strike was a verita
ble heritage of unrest to the team
sters yesterday. Owing to misun-
BU iY SCENES ATTENDING THE INAUGURATION OF NORMAL LABOR CONDITIONS ALONG THE WATER FRONT YESTERDAY.
AM INSOLVENT MERCHANT.-Frank C
Halderman. merchant of Hickman. Stanis"
UU3 County, filed a pettion In Insolvency yea-*
terday. He owes $6618 82 and has |0SM aaset^
DID NOT CHANGE CKEWS.
With the circumstantial detail with
which only a Hearst publication dares to
garnish a deliberate falsehood the* Ex
aminer yesterday morning announced
that the steamships Sierra and Walla
Walla would sail with union crews and
that the men engaged under strike con
ditions had been discharged simultan
eously with the announcement of the set
tlement of the strike and their places
given to members of the union.
The crews for both these vessels were
chipped in the regular course. The crews
of both vessels were non-union and not
only did each vessel sail with the com
plement originally shipped but the mat
ter of making any change was never con
sidered either by Captain Wallace of the
Pacific Coast Steamship Company or Cap
tain Howard of the Oceanic Steamship
Company, as the men had been engaged
before the strike was declared off.
So circumstantial was the Examiner's
fabrication of the changing of crews that
a number of the firemen on the Walla
WaJla were all prepared to go ashore
when Captain Wallace "arrived on the
dock. He promptly disabused their minds
cf the idea and furthermore assured
them and everybody else on board that
he was perfectly well satisfied with them
rnd as long as they did the work they
could remain in the employ of the Pa
cific Coast Steamship Company.
Neither on the Sierra nor on any of
.the Spreckels tugs did the settlement of
the strike cause any changes. Both tugs
and steamship are equipped with com
petent crews.
THE promise of a speedy return to
normal industrial conditions was
not fulfilled yesterday. Of the
thousands of men out on strike
but a tew hundred returned to
•work, and the undercurrent of discontent
seemed to grow even more portentous.
However, the peace agreement still holds,
and union men are instructed to uphold
it by applying this morning to their
former employers for work.
The teamsters, acting under instruc
tions, gathered early in the morning at
their headquarters to wait for the dray
men to appear and reinstate as many as
needed. The draymen understood that
the -teamsters were to apply at the stables
for their former jobs, and the misunder
standing delayed the hoped lor readjust
ment. During the day a number of dray
men were informed that the non-union
men must be discharged, and for a time
a repudiation of the settlement by the
teamsters seemed imminent. Dissatisfac
tion was also rife on the water front,
where the strikers found little work for
them to do at once, and rumors became
current that both the teamsters and' the
longshoremen would refuse to return to
work unless all non-union men were dis
charged. Many employers felt that the
situation had become more strained than
before. Manager George Benner of the
Draymen's Association voiced the gen
eral query when he said, "The strike lead
ers have agreed to terms— can they deliver
the goods?"
The strike leaders were busy at the
evening meetings of the unions "with plans
"to deliver the goods," and though the
report had become general that the strike
was on again they succeeded in keeping
the men in line. Andrew Furuseth, Father
Yorke, Michael Casey and Walter MacAr
thur adflressed the teamsters and the
Bailors and impressed upon them the
necessity and the wisdom of accepting
terms to which their leaders had pledged
them.
The Brotherhood of Teamsters formally
ratified the terms which were published
in yesterday's Call. By this act they
agree to apply for their former jobs under
a year's guarantee that the old schedule
of v.-ag-es, hours and overtime shaJl not be
disturbed. They lose the "barn steward."
they consent not to molest non-union men
employed with them and they agree to
obey orders. The employers agree to give
as many of them work as there are places
for and not to discriminate against union
men.
As a result of a threatening attitude of
the union men toward non-union drivers
yesterday the police has again been or
dered to report for duty at the stables,
with trucks and in the "danger district."
ICon-unlon teamsters will be protected as
before the strike was declared off. Cap
tain Wittman said last night:
There will be no further . violence If I can
help It. As a precautionary measure I have
ordered all the policemen, including the spe
cials, to report for duty at 6:30 o'clock in the
morning. They will take their old places on
the teams and In the stables. Just as though
the strike was still unsettled. The non-union
men must be protected and I prooose to use
every precaution to prevent attacks "being made
en them. Until peace has been completely re
stored the police will continue guarding non
union men and their teams.
COMPARATIVELY few union m*n
went to work yesterday along the
water front. In spite of the fact
that the strike is declared off. the
members of the City Front Fed
eration were not, on the first day of tha
peace, in urgent demand. More will go
to work to-day and as the days pass
many will secure their old or new posi
tions, but they have all learned that it U
much easier to go out on strike than to
get back on a payroll.
In the course of a few weeks the Pa
cific Mail Company will probably be in a
position to offer work to a number o>
longshoremen. At present the number of
men on the dock Is greatly in excess of
the requirements. The City of Sydney
and the Peru are the only vessels in port,
at present. They are receiving freight,
but this work gives employment to but a
small number of the men regularly estab
lished on the dock. A crowd of union men
assembled at the dock gates yesterday
morning and announced their willingness
to go to work. None were called on, how
ever, and little encouragement was of
fered for the immediate future.
The Pacific Mall Company has never
recognized any union either on Its ships
or on the dock. They will not discrimi
nate, however, against union men and
when the necessity warrants it many of
the old hands will get a share of th*
work.
A number of union longshoremen ap«
plied for work at the army transport
dock. They were told that instead of
looking for men the army authorities
were discharging laborers. Seven were
paid off yesterday and more will follow
to-day.
Steuart-street dock, devoted to the busi
ness of Williams-, Dimond & Co., was an
other unfruitful field for the searcher for
work. The non-union men engaged dur
ing the strike have proved to be an ex
ceptionally able lot. Most of them will bo
retained as long as they wish to stay.
Negroes to Be Discharged.
At Howard-street wharf No. 3. where
the Panama Railroad Steamship line' 3
Enterprise is discharging, no union men
were engaged yesterday, but it is expect
ed that about forty will be put to work to
day. On this dock the work is not regu
lar, and those in charge of the loading
and discharging 1 have not been able to or
ganize their non-union laborers as has
been done on the inck>sed docks of other
regular lines. For the past few days over
a hundred easy going "darkies" have been
toying with the freight brought by the
Enterprise. These longshoremen will be
paid off and their places taken by the
men that have been out on strike.
On the Oceanic dock there was no de
mand for labor, Captain Howard having
organized the men secured during the
strike Into as able aa aggregation of
freight rustlers as ever worked along the
water front. These men will also be ra
tained as long as they wish to stay.
A similar condition of affairs exists on
the docks controlled by the Pacific Coast
Steamship Company. Captain Wallace
has more than enough men for- the re
quirements of the company's business and
will decline to discharge any of those able
and willing to do the work. This applies
to the company's steamers as well. Tha
violation of the contracts made with the
Pacific Coast Steamship Company has
cost the sailors and firemen of this port
one of their very best friends. Andrew
Furuseth visited the company's offices
yesterday for the purpose of finding out
something of the prospects of work fcr
those who had been out on strike. He
was told that for the present there were
no vacancies and that the company would
make none, but that in the event of va
cancies occurring they would be filled
from the ranks of applicants without re
gard to their relations with any labor or
ganization. Captain Wallace has told the
men at present employed on the docks
and steamers of the company that their
positions will not be in any way affected
by the settlement of the strike.
Union Men on Lumber Schooners.
The steamship Columbia, which has
been carrying an enlarged crew during
the strike for the purpose of working
cargo independently of conditions ashore,
is loading with her own men. These ex
tra men will probably be paid off at the
end of the present trip and the work of
loading and discharging will be performed
by regular longshoremen labor.
The schooner Lizzie Prien yesterday
commenced discharging her lumber with
union men. The schooner Jennie Thelin
went to sea with a union crew, but the
work«of discharging the Alaska Packers-
Association vessels continues with labor
engaged during the strike.
At Main street a few union men were
engaged and they worked In harmony
with a number of the men taken on dur
ing the strike. The Helen© and Irmgard
yesterday shipped union crews and the
ship Emily has half union and half, non
union men.
The British ships Clan Mackenzie. Aus
tralia and British General will all com
mence discharging to-day with union
h £ lp - * The Haddon Hall, almost dis
charged, will finish discharging wlth.her
own crew.
Many of the coal teamsters engaged
during the strike will be retained ferni
anently. W. G. Stafford has taken back
all his old employes with the exception
of his foreman and three yard hands
Dunsmulr's and Rosenf eld's made no
changes yesterday in their teamsters and
will make none. . yTfc
About fifty sailors were shipped daring
the day and more will be ensued as t hi
tied-up vessels get ready for sea. Thl
sailors crowded the office of the Shfn
ow ne , £ s ' Assocjatton all morning, but it
will be some little time before many of
the participants in the strike find them
selves afloat again. The work of the
shipping master is for the present a dead
letter. The sailors are attending to this
business for themselves and for once
blood money does not enter into tha
bargain.
A Matter of Time.
rJkJlfSP?* ° f ¦£ oi * tta S engineers have
returned _ to work but it will take time
before the shipjoiners. bridge builders
piie drivers and others In similar lines
find occupation for their trades. With
the ship s cooks and stewards it will also
be a matter of time.
The union marine firemen were In evi
dence yesterday at the . dock offices of
the various steamship lines, but for the
present but few of them were shipped
and that only on the smaller boats. As
the big liners of the Pacific Mail Com
pany and the Oceanic Steamship Com
pany come to port a number of them will
find employment, but it will be several
weeks before anything like ante-strike
conditions will be resumed.
Policemen and Specials to Guard Non-Union
Men Till Readjustment Is Completed.
Men Must Wait Till Movement of Shipping
Gives Them Employment*
RUMORS OF RENEWAL
OF STRIKE NOT TRUE
JOBS NOT PLENTIFUL
ON THE WATER FRONT
FEW STRIKERS ABLE TO TAKE UP AT ONCE THEIR FORMER WORK,
BUT THE AGREEMENT HOLDS AND LEADERS COUNSEL PATIENCE
THE ; SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, OCTOBER 4, 1901
4
PRESENT COUPONS
FOR CALL ATLAS
All holders of Call Atlas
coupons who desire to secure
a copy of The Call premium
Atlas are requested to present
their coupons at the Business
Office of this paper as soon
as possible. Atlases are now
ready for distribution.To-day's business session was devoted
to the consideration of resolutions and re
ports. Worthy Master Hayward of Pes
cadero Grange Introduced a resolution
pledging the members of the order not to
employ any one who avows himself an
anarchist. . Past Master Johnston of
Courtland offered a resolution favoring
tho establishment on the Pacific Coast of
a bureau of statistics under the supervi
sion of tho National Bureau of -Agricul
ture. Considerable attention was given to
a discussion on co-operation under the re
port of the committee on that subject.
Rochdale stores, co-operative agricultural
and horticultural pursuits and farmers*
Insurance companies were recommended.
A Bpedal committee reported on the mat
ter of removing, the agricultural college
from Berkeley to Monlo Park, recom
mending that no change be . made. Tho
PETALUMA, Oct. 3.— An interesting
feature of the programme of the State
Grange was a reception to-night to the
State organization by the Petaluma
Grange, The affair took place In Turner
Hall, which was decorated with agricul
tural exhibits. "W. D. Houx, R. J. Dodall
Mrs. Hansen and Miss Jennie Gould as
sisted the local committee.
tion Work.
Reception, to State Organization After
a Day of Important Conven-
PETAfLTTMA CITIZENS
ENTERTAIN" THE GBANGE
Taylor was the leader of the gang of
outlaws who held up and robbed a pas
senger train on the San Angelo branch
of the Santa Fe about three years ago.
They shot and killed the fireman of the
locomotive in that robbery. Taylor and
several members of the band were arrest
ed. One of them turned State's evidence
and through his testimony Taylor was
convicted. While awaiting sentence Tay
lor broke out of jail, and the next heard
of him he had trailed down his former
associate who hid given evidence against
him and the two men had a desperate
duel with rifles, Taylor killing his antag
onist. This bloody affair occurred in a
remote section of Pecos County. Taylor
was shortly afterward recaptured, but he
again escaped from Jail a few weeks ag-o.
At the time of his last escape he said he
had a few old scores to settle with those
who had turneJ against him. He added
that when he had done with them he
would peaceably submit to arrest and
take his punishment.
AUSTIN, Tex., Oct. 3.— A letter was re
ceived hore to-day from James Davis, a
prominent ranchman of Sutton County,
stating that Bill Taylor, the notorious
train robber, who recently escaped from
jail at Coleman, where he was awaiting
transfer to the penitentiary, had just shot
and killed two travelers near the town of
Ozona. Taylor was in hiding in Western
Texas when the travelers, whose names
are not given by Davis, came upon him.
Taylor, thinking they were officers, shot
and killed both of them.
Takes Them for Officers
and Shoots Without
Warning.
Dangerous Mountain Lion Killed.
SAIN JOSE. Oct. 3.— A huge mountain
lion that has been killing stock on the
Pino Ridge cattle ranges, this county, for
the past two years was killed Tuesday by
William Arnold, foreman of the Randall
ranch. The beast weighed 250 pounds and
measured eight feet from tip to tip. It
•was the largest lion ever seen in this sec
tion of the State and for over two years
has been unceasingly hunted by the stock
men.
Exciting Race for Life in
Vancouver Island
Wilds.
number of deer crossing his path, and a
moment later his ears were assailed by
the terrifying- cries of a pack of wolves
which were in chase of the deer. Without
losing a moment. Skinner raced madly for
camp, and before the wolves appeared in
sight he had a lead of nearly 300 yards.
It -was well for him that such -was the
case, for on scenting him the wolves
turned from pursuit of the deer and raced
after him.
Mangled by falls over boulders and torn
by thorny underbrush. Skinner finally
reached camp, and Starret, awakened by
his cries, came to the rescue with a rifle
and succeeded in driving off the pack, but
only after six wolves had been killed. The
beasts were of the large timber variety.
Special Bates
For side rides to points on the Santa Fe.
Open to holders of Episcopal Church Con
vention tickets, friends accompanying
and holders of nine months' excursion
tickets. Dates of sale, September 23 to
November 10 Inclusive. Limit 30 days.
For time tables, descriptive literature ana
full Information call at Santa Fe offices,
C41 Market St.. and f*rry depot.
"Will Coach the Cardinal.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Oct. 3.— Dr.
Alfred Spalding, A. B. t Stanford, '96, and
M. D., Columbia, 1900, arrived on the cam
pus yesterday afternoon to assume his
duties as assistant coach to the football
team. Most of his time will be devoted to
coaching- the ends and tackles, his position
when he played on the Stanford and Co
lumbia University teams having been end.
He has the reputation of being the fast
est end that ever wore the Stanford "S,"
and he also distinguished himself In the
East. His thorough knowledge of the
coaching systems and styles of play of
Eastern colleges makes him a very val
uable acquisition to the cardinal's coach
ing force.
SyecUl IHsuatch to The Call.
VANCOUVER, B. C, Oct. 3.— Chased by
a pack cf at least twenty hungTy wolves
through underbrush and over rough.
boulders for a distance of a quarter of a
rclie end then to escape when the hot
1 reath of the ferocious beasts was very
near his cheek is in brief the story told
\>y George Skinner, a prospector, who, in
company with Peter Starret of Oakland,
Cal., returned to-day from the wilds of
northern Vancouver Island.
Owing to Its inaccessibility that section
of the island is seldom visited by even
the Indians, and wild animals roam un
trammeled by fear of hunters. The coast
line near the northern promontory of
Cape tscott is rocky and bleak, and so far
cs known Skinner and Starret are the
llrst white men to have prospected In that
country.
Last Monday morning Skinner rose
early and v.t-nt out to look into a find of
the nijrht br-forp. When a quarter of a
mile from camp he -was startled by a
ESCAPED ROBBER
KILLS TOW MEN
Captain Lemly began his cross-examination
by asking the witness whether he was as sure
of the position and actions of the Brooklyn as
he had been of the way the Brooklyn had been
turned on the day of the Santiago battle.
The witness replied that he wan more certain.
He repeated his statement made yesterday that
he had made the entry in the log that the vessel
had turned with a starboard helm, when in fact
it had turned with a port helm. He said he
had not consulted with any one except Com
mander Sharp before he changed the entry.
The questions were then asked by Hanna, who
traversed the same ground gone over by Cap
tain Lemly In the examination in chief.
Hanna cross-examined the witness regarding
his testimony bearing upon the battle off San
tiago, asking him first as to the direction in
which the Spanish ships were headed as they
came out of the mouth of the harbor.
Witness Cross-Examined.
Admiral Benham— Did you read the signal?
"I did not, but I understood what it was, and
If I am not mistaken it was McCuuley, an en
sign we had on' board, who made the signal
himself. Shortly after this the forward turret
and starboard turret of the Brooklyn' were di
rected to load the guns with armor-piercing
shells. The forward turret was directed to fire
first two shots, which it did. The shots fell
short. Then I was directed to fire and I fired
at a range as I now recall of 6500 yards. We
tried both guns at that range. Those shots fell
short. We loaded again in the starboard turret
and I increased the range to 6700 yards and fired
the right gun. It went a little to the right of
the Colon, as near as I could judge, but the
range was very good. The Colon very shortly
after that went ashore. We steamed up to her
and proceeded to get out a cutter for Captain
Cook to go over and receive her surrender."
order was to man the starboard battery. 1 got
out of the turret through the roof, that being
the most convenient way of getting out, and
crossed over to the starboard turret. . As I was
going into the starboard turret I had an oppor
tunity to see the Spanish ships. They were
then a little on our starboard helm. As soon
as I had charge of the controller which, up to
this time had been in charge of 'Wood-ward, I
swung the turret around on to. the starboard
bow. In the meantime some of our forward
guns had fired. The volume of smoke was so
great that It must have come from one of the
eight-inch guns of the forward turret, so I was
entirely shut out from seeing the enemy. While
the guns were in this position Mason, our exec
utive officer, passed down the starboard gang
way, calling 'Sharp on. the starboard quarter.'
The interval of time from the time the guns
were on the starboard bow- or starboard quar
ter. I. think must have /been two minutes. I
swung the guns around to the starboard quar
ter and then we picked up the enemy. The
range at which I fired, to the best of my mem
ory, was about 1400 yards and from then on it
was a constant fire, training the guns until we
finally got them on the starboard beam. The
range increased up to 20C0 yards and during
the run after being parallel with the SpanlBh
ships the range varied from about 2300 to 1S0Q
yards. I think when the Viscaya went inshore
the ranee was then about 1800 yards. Imme
diately before she turned in she made a sheer
with her starboard helm, apparently coming to
ward us and then immediately put her helm
around the other way and went inshore. From
then on it was a chase after the Colon. At the
time the Viscaya went ashore, the Colon, by
working up inside of the other Spanish ships,
had secured a very long lead. I should
say she was at least five or six miles, perhaps
more, on our starboard bow, well in shore. The
order was given to cease firing and to come out
of the turrets and take a 'spell' during the
chase of the Colon. The Oregon, during the
chase and while we were on the top of the
turret, was directed to try her 13-Inch guns in
the chase, which she did. and the shots fell
short. In a little while they were tried again
and came a little closer."
Admiral Dewey— Directed by whom? .
"By Commodore Schley. sir, by wig- wag sig
nal, as I remember It."
Admiral Dewey — You saw the signal?
"Yes. sir, I saw the signal being made."-
The witness was then, requested to give a
brief account of the part taken by the Brook
lyn In the battle of July 3, which he did,
repeating what he had said yesterdaj-.
After stating the preliminaries Lieutenant
Doyle related his observations of the battle
in the following language:
"I fired ¦ the left gun first and . Halligan
shortly afterward fired the right one. Then we
began to load the guns again. It was neces
sary then after loading the guns a second time
to turn the turret directly ahead, as our ship
was apparently shutting the enemy out by
turning with a starboard helm. Immediately
after firing that left gun the second time the
Brooklyn's Part in the Battle.
The reply was: "Smoke w.is observed rising
in the harbor on July 2 and my impression
now is and -always has-been since that night
that that information- was conveyed to the
commander in chief."
Captain Parker announced his willingness to
"open the door wide." He wanted the entire
matter Investigated and would have the
eearchlijrht turned upon every individual, from
the commander . in chief to the lowest officer
t'.nder him.
Raynor was then permitted to ask his ques
tion, which he did in the following words:
"Was the smoke observed on July 2 by Com
modore Schley communicated to the squad
ron?"
Captain Lemly objected and Raynor said
that his purpose was to prove that it was
believed at that time that the Spaniards were
preparing to withdraw from the harbor and
that Commodore Schley had communicated the
facts to the squadron. It was competent, he
baid, to prove the conduct of the commodore
under the department's precept. . . . .
Captain Lemly and Hanna contended that
the certain effect of these questions would be
to open the gates for an interminable in-
Quiry and if one side should enter on such
questions the other must also be allowed to
<!o so. They did not object, except for the
reason of time involved.
Raynor then asked the witness whether on
July 2, 1898. he had observed smoke coming
from Santiago harbor over Zocopa Hill.
"I did not have an opportunity, as the com
modore -was near or at the conning tower, to
observe his conduct during the battle, but Im
mediately previous and after I did have an
opportunity to ; do so. Ke always struck me
as being just about as well possessed as it
was possible for anybody to be under ihose
circumstances."
""What was his conduct? I refer you to the
first specification of the precept: 'His conduct
through the Santiago campaign and his con
duct at any time during either the bombard
ment or the battle of July 3, when his ship
was under fire.' "
"Bvery time we were under fire." he re
plied, "during those bombardments and in
the battle of July 3." . ¦
Schley's Conduct in Action.
Replying, Lieutenant Doyle said that at the
bombardment which had taken place June 6
the Zocopa battery had replied at first very
spiritedly, but that it soon "went out of
business."
After the ships withdrew the enemy had
again manned their runa_«nd then shot at
the ships. On the occasion of the second
bombardment they did not remain so long.
"They always took a snapshot at ua as we
left." he said.
Raynor then asked Lieutenant Doyle how
often he' had Been Commodore Schley under
fire during the Santiago campaign.
"What do y»u know from your own ob
servance in reference to the strength of the
shore batteries and guns? I want the result
of your observation at Santiago acquired by
you at any time without going .nto any gen
eral or specific details as to the bombard
ments."
Before a reply could be given the court
retired for consultation. At the conclusion of
the conference Raynor changed his question
so as to read as follows:
tho shore batteries as a result of any bom
bardments in which eha had participated in
June.
WOLVES CHASE
A PROSPECTOR
Raynor said that his purpose was to show
only what the Brooklyn had done and that it
¦'.id not in any way concern what the New York
hail done. His purpose wae. he said, to show
what had been done toward developing the
rtrensrth of the shore batteries.
"I know whst the ruline of the court means,"
he Faid. "and bow respectfully to it."
Adrriral Pewey Fa!<i that if the question
•vi as confined to the Brooklyn there could be
no objection. The question was then asked
as to what the Brooklyn learned concerning
lieutenant Doyle then resumed his testimony,
begun yesterday. He was examined by Ray
nor. He continued in reply to questions to give
*\ narrative of the battie. Raynor asked whetli
<-r the Ftroofclyn had encaged in any bombard
ments durin? the month- of June. 1S9S, but
Ju3g» Advocate Lemly and Hanna objected en
the ground that the question was similar to
tiie question aske-1 yesterday concerning the
blockade after the arrival of Admiral Samp
f>n.
Boyle Resumes Testimony.
"'I'ritil we sighted th» vessels on the 29th
tre knew nothing positive as to their where
chouts."
Captain Pig?bee was the first of yesterday's
witnesses to appear for the purpose of correct
ing his testimony. When he bejran his Etate
:'!p:u it was found that the official stenographer
\va< not present and Admiral Dewey's private
FPcretary. Lieutenant Crawford, was called
upon to perform the duty of recorder of the
jrnceetJ'.r.grs.
<~aptain Sigsbee stated that he had made an
. thf>r search lnst nieht for the dispatch from
'.he Navy Department under the terms of which
\.e soupht to connect with the flying squadron
< rf Santiago and that he had found a private
letter which he had written at the time in
vhirh he said:
But while all agree that it would be desirable
to have the case terminated at an early day,
they also agree that there is little prospect in
that direction. Judge Advocate Lemly probably
•n-lll not call more than eix or eight witnesses,
J-ut Raynor has almost forty numbers on his
ligt. He says, however, that he does not ex
p<?ct to examine mere than half of this num
ber. Still, he will not undertake to name a
day for the close of the trial -within a month
from this time. He does not expect to call
Admiral Schley to the witness Etand.for some
time ypt. Raynor expects his client to make
a complete review of the case and it le proba
!i> that the admiral will be on the stand longer
thsfl any other witness.
Both the court and counsel are beginning to
Fhow the effects of the arduous duties Imposed
by the trial. Especially heavy is it upon the
attorney*, both foT Admiral Schley and for the
Navy Department. Their duties do not cease
when the court adjourns In the afternoon, but
they extend far into the night, and often they
are found at their labors before the breakfast
hour next morning. The trial presents new
points to ell of them and its various turns
bring: to light fresh complications which have
the effect of rendering: it more trying than an
ordinary cn.se would be.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 3.— After the usual pre
lirninfiTy proceedings In the Schley court of In
quiry to-day I/eutenant James J. Doyle, for
merly of the flagship Brooklyn, was recalled
for the purpose of continuing his testimony.
¦Wlien tlie court adjourned yesterday Lieuten
ant Doyle vac under examination by Raynor.
and the court had just decided that the witness
should not enter upon a discussion of the
blockade of Santiago, as it wa6 conducted after
the arrival of Commander in Chief Sampson.
There was much interest in Lieutenant Doyle'a
reappearance, as it was expected that the
coarse of his examination would develop the
further policy cf Admiral Schley's counsel In
the case.
lyn's Part In tlie Battle.
Lieutenant Doyle Tells of the Brook-
TESTIMONY FAVORS SCHXETT.
Captain Dawson was signal officer on
board the battleship Indiana during the
iiavaJ cjigxigemcnt off Santiago and he
pave an account from recollection of the
lschavior of the various ships of the
American fleet during the battle. Qe
paid the Brooklyn had gone about 2ujO
yards to the southward before joining in
the pursuit of Cervera's ships.
Lieutenant Dyson was Introduced to
testify concerning the coal supply of the
Jlyire squadron, but the court adjourned
ivr the day before he could be heard to
cny extent.
pleted his testimony . before
the Schley oourt of inquiry to-day Cap
lain William C. Dawson of the Marine
Corps was called and was followed by
l-ieutenant Charles W. Dyson of the bu
reau of stoani engineering of the Navy
Department.
WASHINGTON-. Oct. 3.— After
Lieutenant Doyle, formerly
of Commodore Schley's flag
ship, the Brooklyn, had com-
Captain W. A. Dawson of the United States
. Marine Corps was then called as the next wit
ness. He was the signal officer, on board the
battleship Indiana during the battle off San
tiago and said that during the battle he had
occupied a place on the .bridge beside Captain
Taylor and had been able to see well. He said:
"I had a clear view of all the vessels up to
the time the Indiana was directed to return
during the chase of the Colon." '
In reply to a question from Captain' Lemly •
the witness said at this point he had seen no
signals from the Brooklyn directing. the move
ments of the fleet during the battle. He then
told of the action of the Brooklyn in running
eouth shortly after the battle began, saying he
thought that the vessel was disabled and was
retiring from action. Later he said the Brook
lyn steered a course parallel, but a mile or a;
mile and a half to the southward, skirting
along the column formed by the fleet. By that
time the chase was well under way and the
relative positions of the vessels were not
chansed.
Keynor's cross-examination of Captain Daw
son was directed toward showing that his testi
mony was based upon recollection and that
I consequently he was liable to be inaccurate.
When CfiDtain Dawson was excused Lieuten
ant C. W. Dyson of the Bureau of Steam
Engineering, Navy Department, was Introduced
to present a tabulated statement, showing the
amount of coal on board the vessels of th»
flying squadron May 18 to June 1, 1S9S, as
compiled from the Rteam log books from the
various ships, but at 3:50 p. m. the court ad
journed for the day before the tables could be
presented.
report was adopted. To-morrow the elec
tion of officers and selection of a place of
the next convention. will occupy the morn
ing session. In the evening the memorial
speeches will be heard and the grange will
adjourn.
Marine Officer Testifies.
"The first one must have been southwest.
They steamed right toward us, that is, when
I first saw them they were on our starboard
bow." . .
After Lieutenant Doyle was excused Lieu
tenant Commander Clifford J. Boush. who had
made for the court the large chart of the
positions of the vessels of the American squad
ron while off Santiago, was called to Identify
those charts and to state the date upon which
they were prepared. ¦ • • ' •
By the court— What direction did the Span
ish ships take immediately after clearing the
entrance to the harbor?
"At the time I referred to the Spanish ships
were in column, standing right toward us and
about a point on our starboard bow."
"You have stated that while you were on
top ¦ of the starboard turret ! it ' looked very
much as though there was going- to be a gen
eral melee' or mix-up with the Spanish ships.
I want you to give as nearly as possible the
relative positions of the vessels, Spanish and
American, to the Brooklyn at the time you
refer to."
"What orders were elven by signal from the
Brooklyn to the fleet during the action of
July 3?" ... . . ; ¦•
"I do not know : except what I have already
testified to about the wig-wag." -
The witness replied that: there had been no
effort except in making inquiries of the cap
tain of the British vessel Adula.
Captain ' Lemly then asked a number of
questions. The first of these called for an ex
planation of what tha witness meant yester
day when he said h9 thought that Just after
the beginning of the battle of July 8 there was
a prospect' of a. melee. ;
"I thouKht," responded the witness, "that
the ships were coming- right toward us. I
thought they would get into us, and I thought
we would have a mix-up, as they were about
1400 yards distant."
Judge Advocate 1 — Do' you mean 'that "the
course of the Brooklyn took her acrosa the
Spanish line and that she necessarily ma
neuvered so as to make a turn to avoid that?
"That is what I mean."
Captain Lemly asked what efforts had been
made .by the ¦ flying squadron to discover the
whereabouts of -the Spanish fleet while the
pquadron lay off Cienfuegos before th» arrival
of Captain McCalla.
Squadron and Spanish. Fleet.
Tl« afternoon session began "with Inquiries
concerning the wig-wag signal to the Oregon
from the Brooklyn to fire her 13-inch grun. The
witness said that he was sure he had seen
the signal made, but that he was unable to
find an entry of the signal in the ship's log.
"How sure," asked Hanna, "da you feel of
your recollection as to the way they were
headed at that time?"
"That is one of the things that most firmly
impressed itself on my mind."
Lieutenant Doyle said he had made his ob
servations of the battle through the peep-hole
from the sliding head and again related how
the enemy had been cut off from his vision
by the smoke of one of the Brooklyn's big
Ifuns. The cross-examination upon these In
cidents was in progress when the court took
its mid-day recess for luncheon.
; "They were. certainly firing- in our direction,"
was flie response. The witness said that after
that the firing was from both sides of the bows
of the enemy's vessels.'
"They 'were comlne right toward us," the
witness replied, "In column, almost in' line,
almost on our starboard, bow. They had not
then begun to turn." ! :' ' .
"Were they firing at you then?" asked
IJanna. - • .
COMMODORE SCHLEY'S CONDUCT
C i Z~ SAW Commodore Schley under fire every time ive zvere
j[ under fire during the bombardments and in the battle of
July 5. / did not hare an opportunity, as the commodore
was near or at the conning toivcr, to observe his conduct during
the battle, but immediately previous and after I did have an op
portunity to do so. He always struck me as being just about as
well possessed as it was possible for anybody to be under those
circumstances."— Extract from Lieutenant Doyle's testimony.
Lieutenant Doyle of the Flagship of the Flying Squadron Tells of the Gallant Work
Done by That Vessel in Annihilating Cervera's Ships and of the Conduct
• of Schley During the Memorable Battle Off Santiago*
PART OF THE CRUISER BROOKLYN
IN DESTROYING THE SPANISH FLEET
THfc SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, OCTOBER 4, 1901.
5
AMUSEMENTS.
Vaudeville's Leading Lights!
Wilfred Clarke and Co., Boyce and
"Wilson, Madge Fox, The Sven-
galis and the Biograph. Last
times of Arnold Grazer and Blanche
Trelease, Press Eldridge, Parros
Brothers and Dorothy Morton.
Reserved Seats, 23c; Balcony, 10c; Box Seats,
and Opera Chairs, 50c.
ALHAMBRAIHEATER.
RETURN OF THE FAVORITES.
GREATER THAN EVER.
THE BROWNIES
IN FAIRYLAND.
200- Professional Children on the Stage— 200
60— New and Original Specialties— 50
. READ THE DATES.
Saturday afternoon, Oct. 5; Saturday night,
Oct. 5; Sunday afternoon, Oct. 6; Sunday night,
Oct. 6; 'Monday night, Oct. 7; Tuesday after-
noon, Oct. 8; Tuesday night. Oct. 8.
Reserved seats on sale at Sherman. Clay &
Co.'s commencing Monday morning. Sept. 30.
See the prices: Matinees— 10c, 25c tno higher).
Nights— 15c. 25c and 50c (no higher.)
LOS ANGELES vs. OAKLAND.
TO-DAY AND SATURDAY AT 3 P. M.
SUNDAY............ AT 2:30P.M.
J? EC RE A 77 OAT F*A RK,
Eighth and Harrison streets.
AMUSEMENTS.
(fjL"!* H HAT R e ./ A r
LAST THREE NIGHTS.
MATINEE TO-MORROW AND SUNDAY.
"LIBERTY
HALL."
New Scenory. Unique Stage Effects.
Seats — loo to 75c.
Next Week— TOO MUCH JOHNSON.
SEATS NOW READY.
BIMSCOAHDTHAlESjfetfVg,
* «wa» arrtttu
MATINEE TO-MORROW AND SUNDAY.
To-night, > Saturday and Sunday— Last Nights!
The Powerful Melodrama,
KIDNAPPED!
Replete with emotional Interest, superb cli-
maxes, realistic situations, amusing comedy.
pDIf EC Evenings. ..10c. 15c, 25c, Soc, 50e
ifllbCJ Matinees 10c. loc. 23c
Next Monday— The Successful Drama,
—BEACON LIGHTS!
CHUTES AND ZOO
BIG VAUDEVILLE BILL.
MOVING PICTURES OF McKINLET at the
buffalo exposition. - -
¦ , to-morrow night, .
. International cake-walk.
7«l«*»2»aae for Seats Park 23.
¦ AMTJSEMENTS. .
MATINEE TCVMORROVv* ANt> SUNDAY.
LAST THREE NIGHTS OP
JOSEPH WORTH
In Shakespeare's Great Play.
THE MERCHANT OF VENICE.
JOSEPH HAWORTH AS SHTL.OCK. •
POPULAR PRICES— 10c, lie. 23c. 50c. 73c.
Good Orchestra Seata All Matinees, 23c.
Branch Ticket Office Emporium.
Next Week— Joseph Haworth In "HAMLET."
FISCHFR'vS CONCERT HOUStS
riOtnCn O Admission 10c.
The Gagnoux, Richards and Relyea,' Robert
Nome. Sam Holdsworth. Lynton and Wilde.
Alice de Leon, Agnes Georga and Hinrichs 1
Orchestra.
Reserved Seats. 2Zc. Matinee Sunday.
OF»EN NIGHTS
SUTRO BATHS.
Open daily from 7 a. m. to 11 p. m.
Bathinp from 1 a, m. to 10:30 p. m. ¦
ADMISSION. 10c. CHILDREN. 5c.
Bathing, including admission. 23c. Children. ZOo.
PALACE HOTEL.
. For a quarter of a century these
¦hotels have been the headquarters o:
tourists "and travelers who have
journeyed from all parts of the world ;
to San Francisco. . Guests enter-
tained on the American or European
plan. - - -
GRAND HOTEL.
Weekly Call,$1.00 per Year
' - - • : ; . • • ' ADVERTISEMENTS. . .
These $9.00 suits, have, been made in our own factory under these favor-
able conditions. For a long time we have been planning and studying and work-
ing to produce a good, substantial suit to be had at a minimum price right along.
Thesesuits are the result of our efforts. In workmanship, material and genera!
excellence they surpass any value, we ever offered at a regular price, and thou- -
sands of people in San Francisco know what values we have given during our
years of business.
We have made the suits from serge, cheviot, worsted and tweed materials,
in every stylish pattern known to weavers. The goods are winter weight and
strictly all wool. The garments are made with the broad shoulder style and
medium or close fi.ting, back, silk-sewed throughout, pockets and vulnerable
points well stayed; made by unbn labor — bear the label; come in single and
double breasted styles, in sizes from 34 to 44
Our guarantee: Money back to any customer "who would rather have hi s
money than the suit. Suit kept in repair free for a year after purchase.
You cannot buy a better suit for $9.00," or buy it under a' more favorable
guarantee. . Seethe suits and you will see what the price means to you. i :
• . I;
Yoke Boys \
The suits here pictured— the yoke Norfolks— are the correct suits for th e
corning winter season. Their popularity is being daily asserted. In anticipation j;
of a large trade in this style of garment we prepared for it with an immense |;
-^srs&te. assortment of well made, stylish goods. !
jP^Ntfj** They come in many mixtures, including C*l^p§ j
«9S5*^\ the new green mixture now so well liked. f^. v) I
T^ K The ages range from 3 to 8 years. A Ny/ jf [¦
J|wjJ£|[~ glance at the goods by a mother of judg- *C !
ment will prove to her the good values we /Tj 3p!\" j
/JlfflfpCTf™ offer in this popular suit. Prices, ¦ ¦ '/l "n \?¥1^t 4h. '
(Hk $2.50 and $2.75 §Mm \
W^ffi^!i ! ri4SkiM^4 Extra special— Sailors' caps for boys or girls; /I'lf^l'^r^ '
iWiwI'l i 1 li'-i ¦ ¦' •! ?\» blue, red and brown colors, worth 50c; present , ••I'l -•.''fPJ'jr'W'j h
J]i! It IP '¦¦ ! ' I f^ J *' ' shirt waists, ages 4 to 10 years, $1.00 *^jj (dSL $r
i'i'O Domet shirt waists, ages 4 to 10 years, 5Oc each. X^lff' f f
JriiEw W 1 ' 1 ' 1 f'i fcw s ' zcs * n s P ccial sa^ e w^ists left from last \ vI'IIjt'"-/ n
K&ijKf wl!i''!lf week's sale, ages 7 to 10 only, price 15c each. \jJi'r l \f
||||| |Jj|a Out-of-town orders filled — write us. \£$i
§g^^^ TI8 Market Street. @P^
||| I; We furnish homes, flats, 'j^g-^S^lj
j !•£==£.'. & notels and rooming-houses I
/i_g'^ complete. We have all the p|Pf|S
'"^fg^^^ 3 latest designs in fur-
\lu\ fjsSS^gJl tains and draperies
l -r-i^|S^^ and will gladly give A r T ussei " .'
I dainty little dresser vnn Pn p^^-i. wV A ? E n S i" *«*?? ¦'
uic, three roomy > ou dn estimate. 7 ft. 6 In. by 9 ft
drawer* and G«*r-
m^n plate mirror.
r?^~7p^^ Credit if you wish it, and free
fc/ ==-^fefe^^r--li| deIiver y within ioo miles. We
close at except on Saturday.
8WB?8& w ¦•Brilliant
*^*^ FURNITURE CO.,
WHITE ESAM- •?<lfi- # ll.9 DfKT «"TE>¥=!=-F r
EXED IRON BEL", <!<«>-*»¦*-: HUO 1 O I KttT,
4-4 wide; only Oppo«lt» Union Square.
*~ ~-~- jii .. ' *, , -, ¦ , Mll - i
This Bay Gone, No Other Follows
On which Pan-American excursion tick-
ets will be .sold to Buffalo at $87. Pur-
chase to-day at Southern Pacific (the di-
rect and scenic route), 613 Market street.
'£ AMUSEMENTS.
Curtain Rises at 8 sharp, account of Length
of Performance.
MATINEE SATURDAY AT 2 SHARP.
TO-NIGHT and Saturday Night,
LAST TIMES OF
CARMEN.
Sunday Night and Saturday Matinee,
OAVALLERIA
— AND —
/ PACLIACCI
"Masked Ball"— (Next_Week)— "Nabucco."
POPULAR PRlCES-25c. BOo and 75a
Telephone Bush 9.
COLUMBIANS
TO-NIGHT will see fifth big audience.
Saturday Afternoon and Night Performances.
SUNDAY NIGHT closes first ' week.
MONDAY BEGINS SECOND WEEK.
hi * '
THE GREATEST MUSICAL HIT EVER ;
RECORDED HERE.
. SEE THE SIX PRETTY MAIDENS. ;•>
7 NlKhts Each "Week— Matinee Saturday.
LAST THREE PERFORMANCES
—TO-NIGHT
Matinee To-morrow and .To-morrow Night.
WM. H. WEST'S
big minstrel
jubilee:.
SUNDAY NIGHT-
HERRMANN
THE GREAT,
IN NEW AND MYSTIFTINO ILLUSIONS.
:. •• ::.-- SEATS NOW . READY.-...,... ... _ ,
William C. Whitney has retired from the English
turf. This is generally accepted as an indication that
the English turf is not what it is represented to be.
Almost without exception the press of England is
expressing the hope that the. administration of Presi
dent Roosevelt will be an absolute success. This is
one"of the English hopes entertained in reference to
American affairs which without. question will be abso-
It is becoming more arid more evident that the
advocates qf the reciprocity .treaties! are going to
make a vigorous fight for their adoption" this winter,
and unless California interests are carefully guarded
by her Senators, they ; will be. sacrificed for the sake
of promoting Eastern, trade. . . ,
'There are already: signs that President Roosevelt
will have enough hardjWork in the White House to
satisfy even his delight in the strenuous life. • It is
said he will be expected to straighten out the Re
publican party in the South and Republican faction
fights in New York in addition to administering the
affairs of the nation.
FROM time to time there have come discour
aging reports concerning the prospects of the
. approaching Pan-American Congress which is
to assemble during the present month in the Gity of
Mexico. First, the antagonism of Chile to certain
proposals for submitting boundary disputes to ab
bitration was declared to be an insuperable ob
stacle to success, and when that was overcome a new
set of obstacles was found in the disturbances in the
isthmus and the threatened outbreak of war between
Colombia and Venezuela. •
It now seems that diplomacy, backed by resolution
on the part of our Government and working with
patience and with tact, has at last made the way clear
for the accomplishment by the congress of a consid
erable part at least of the good work that is expected
of it. Many of the diplomatic representatives at
Washington of the Central' and South American
States have been appointed by their Governments to
represent them at the congress, and that in itself is
promising of good. Those delegates will not meet
as strangers. They will carry from Washington to
Mexico a good understanding of. one another and a
friendliness born of long social and diplomatic rela
tions that will be helpful to the congress in many
ways. It is to be noted, moreover, that many of the
other delegates to the congress have visited Wash
ington for the purpose of having -conferences with
Secretary Hay as a preliminary to proceeding to
'Mexico. Some of these are to stay over at the cap
ital until the time comes to start for the congress, '
and then they will make the. trip together in a special
train.
Out of all the preliminary canvassing of: the ques
tions that are to come before the congress it is reas
onable to expect that a basis of agreement on many.
THE PAN AMERICAN CONGRESS.
Washington City has long desired the Government
to construct a monumental bridge . across the Poto
mac as a memorial of the reunited Union, and as Mc-
Kinley was strongly in favor of the enterprise it has
now been suggested that it might also be made to
serve as something of. a monument to him, since he
not only fought for the Union but during his Presi
dency did so much to put an end to sectional feeling
arid establish a genuine harmony between the people
of the two sections.
Under any circumstances the sound statesmanship
and common sense that are expressed in those words
would have won for them the approval of thinking
men, but they have now an added significance since
they come to us as something like the last political
will and testament of the great man to whom Ameri
can industry arid the American people owe so much.
It was not a new subject to him. In his last mes
sage to Congress he said: "American vessels during
the past three years have carried. about 9 per cent of
our exports and imports. Foreign ships should carry
the least, not the greatest, part of American trade.
The remarkable growth of our steel industries, the
progress of ship-building for the domestic trade and
our steadily maintained expenditures for the navy
have created an opportunity to place the United
States in the first rank of commercial maritime pow^
ers. Besides .realizing a .proper national aspiration
this will mean the establishment and healthy growth
along our coasts of a distinctive national industry,
expanding the field for the profitable employment of
labor and capital." ' .^ . . . ; '••"'
President Roosevelt's declaration of an intention
to carry out McKinley's policy in its entirety cart
leave no doubt of his willingness to approve any
well considered measure designed to bring about in
our merchant marine the improvement which his
great predecessor, so much desired. It would seem,
therefore, that at last -the Republican' party is about
to fulfill its'pledges to the people on this subject, and
that American commerce will not much longer have
to seek transportation in foreign ships.'. ' >
own. The consequence has been that remarkable
development of German industry and trade which is
one of the salient features of the history of the last
twenty-five years.
In his speech made at Buffalo just before his as
sassination President McKinley said: "Next in ad
vantage to having the thing to sell is to have the
convenience to carry it to the buyer. We must en
courage our merchant marine. We must have more
ships. They must be under the American flag,
built and manned and owned by Americans. These
will not only be profitable in a commercial sense;
they will be messengers of peace and unity wherever
they go."
DISPATCHES from Washington announce
that Senator Frye has been in conference
with leading Senators and business men for
the purpose of framing a merchant marine bill which
will be adequate to the needs of the country and at
the same time satisfactory to those Republican Sen
ators whose objections prevented the passage, of the
shipping bill at the last session. The report says the
changes to be made from the former bill are not ex
pected to be important; "they will hot touch the
principle involved, but will merely alter some minor
details upon which the opponents of the measure
have heretofore hung their objections."
„. It is gratifying to learn that the conferences have
been such as to, justify Senator Frye to expect the
passage of a merchant marine bill at the coming ses
sion. He will have his new measure ready for pre
sentation about as soon as Congress meets, so that
it can be promptly taken up and acted upon. Sev
eral of the former opponents of the -measure are an
nounced to have already declared a willingness to
support the modified bill, so that the outlook for ob
taining the legislation needed to develop our ship
ping upon the high seas is much brighter than ever
before. -; '
It is certainly high time something should be done.
We are now producing in many lines of manufacture
much more than our own people can consume, and
accordingly we have to find markets for such goods
in addition to the agricultural products we have so
long been exporting. The new expansion of our
trade brings us into direct competition with the great
manufacturing countries of the world, and we must
meet that competition or suffer. The Germans long
since perceived the advantage Great- Britain was
drawing from .her hold upon ocean commerce, and
they set about building a merchant marine of their
OUR . . MERCHANT MARINE.
It is stated that among the papers of President Mc-
Kinley there were found upward of 5000 letters re
questing his autograph. ' It was the .custom of the
President to write autographs for applicants when
ever he had leisure, and the applications found among
his papers were those that had come in during the
vacation. It appears from this that the army of
autograph seekers is even larger than was supposed
and if the gang were to organize they might elecf a
President of their own. :
When his own partisans tell Mr. Bryan directly
that he is excusing anarchy by an untruthful* state 1
ment, in impeachment of his own country, it would
seem to be time for him to recall his raw fancies and
grill them awhile over the fires of common sense.
Again, a murder-inciting phrase is used, with no
specifications. Where in all the world are human
rights as well protected, as much respected and as
secure as here? Where, indeed, is money as much
subordinated and property as much subjected to the
absolute control of the whole people as here? Noth
ing can be held as property, as wealth, except by the
consent and creation of society. Here the voice of
society is uttered with power by the majority, which
rules. The safety of property in the United States
lies in the fact that here more men own property than
elsewhere in the world.
Mr. Bryan's third argument for anarchy, "the fat
tening of the few at the expense of the many," is an
untruthful statement. The enterprise of the people,
wrought upon the richest natural resources in the
world, has made the few rich and the many prosper
ous, and this nothing can prevent except repeal of
all laws creating and protecting property. In the
direction of such repeal Mr. Bryan has appealed to
the people for eight years unsuccessfully. He has
failed, not because too few have property, but too
many, for his purpose. If the conditions he pictures
existed anywhere except in his inflamed and vagrant
fancy, his impassioned appeals would have produced
results, not in murder, but in a political revolution.
As they did not exist, his appeals have touched only
the idle, thriftless and criminal minority, who would
not be industrious, thrifty and law-abiding under any
conditions nor under any form of government.
We do not charge that Mr. Bryan has intended it
to be so. Shallow and ignorant as he is, he may be
able to cognize as facts the creations of his fancy.
His intentions may have been good, but all that does
not change the fact that he has defamed his own
country by misrepresenting conditions which he as
cribes to the administrations of its government.
We have no partisan motive in saying these things.
Indeed, the New York World, lately a bitter partisan
of Mr. Bryan, rebukes him with great energy, and
says: "It is by fostering such ideas that shallow
speakers and reckless newspapers do infinite harm.
This is the best country in the world for working
men, as the constantly inflowing tide of immigration
proves. Instead of teaching that 'we should avoid
those things that breed anarchy,' all public speakers
and teachers ought to proclaim the truth that there
is never any excuse for anarchy, nor is anarchy a
remedy for any evil or wrong that exists anywhere in
the world." ' '
Mr. Bryan's statement of.it means that his school
of politicians intend to persist in the propagation of
anarchy by persistent misstatement of conditions and
of the responsibility of government therefor. He de
clares the conditions which: he describes to exist in
this country, and ascribes their existence to the favor
of the government — that is to say, to the administra
tion of which the murdered President was lately the
head. His expression is in generalities. "Partiality
of government"— what i3 it? In what special act or
acts of the government is it manifested? Who are
its beneficiaries and on whom does it place burdens
that justify murder? Mr. Bryan gives no bill of par
ticulars. He makes a statement, sinister and mis
leading, against his own country, and every man who
for any reason, usually because of his own incapacity,
is not successful as he wishes, immediately shifts
the blame from himself to the Government and be
comes a potential anarchist. Then Mr. Bryan con
tinues to rub the blister he has raised by proclaiming
that the Government has compelled "the exaltation of
money above human rights.". . *
"creed of; anarchy. and its. reason for. being..' Gori and
Bakounin in collaboration could'inot have more^x*
actly stated the reason for the anarchist organization
of "the propaganda of the deed."
Mr. Bryan, discussing such laws, says: ; "While we
are legislating to prevent^any manifestation of the
anarchistic spirit on American soil, we should avoid
those things which breed anarchy. Partiality in gov
ernment kindles discontent — the exaltation of money
above human rights, the fattening of a few at the ex
pense of. the many ? the making of artificial distinc
tions between citizens and the lessening' of the
sacredness of human life- 1 — all these in their full de
velopment breed anarchy."
That is an exact and condensed statement of; the
OUR prediction was a safe one to make that
the discussion of laws suppressive of anarchy
would occasion a revival of demagogy.
BRYAN STILL AT IT.
points will have been reached before the congress
meets. Consequently we may have important re-,
suits, notwithstanding the gloomy situation. _at .., .the
isthmus. In fact.'o farirpm the strife in that quar
ter resulting in a failure of the it is quite
possible the congress .may result iuiipujtting an end
to the strife.
The issue is one of importance to us as well as to
the countries south of us. In a recent article in the
London Saturday Review it is estimated that the
European capital invested in Central and South
American countries aggregates the vast sum of
$2,500,000,000. Most of the invested capital is Brit
ish, but the Germans,, are pushing their commerce
with all the countries south of us, and- their- monetary
interests there are very large. We. cannot afford to
sit idle and permit the trade of these Amerioan states
tobe^taken away from us. Ifis therefore to- our in
terest to do all we can to" bring the" Pan-American*
Congress to a happy conclusion, and- in 'particular to
strive' to so direct its proceedings that the actions
of the congress with, respect to international com
merce will ¦ be' mutually beneficial to all American
countries.
-SUMMER RATES, at Hotel del Coronado.
Coronado Beach, Cal.. effective after April 15;
$60 .for round trip, including 15 days at- hotel.
Pacific Coast S. S. Co.. 4 New Montgomery st.
LETTERS— W. R., City. If a letter Is
addressed to a party and the carrier does
not know that the party so addressed is
an occupant of the place designated he
makes Inquiry and if informed that the
name and • address are correct he leaves
the letter. If the party is unknown at the
place the letter is returned to the post
office and from there to the sender, if his
name and address are on the envelope,
with the information, "Not at address."
If the sender's name is not on the en
velope" the letter goes to the dead letter
office and. if the address of the sender is
in the letter it is' returned to him. If a
letter is delivered by a carrier the de
partment cannot tell if the party to whom
it was addressed received.it. .
PASSPORTS— A Subscriber, City. A
person desiring to obtain a passport to
travel In foreign countries should send
to the . Secretary of Stcte, "Washington,
D. C, for a blank form of application and
state in the application if native or nat
uralized citizen or claiming citizenship
through the naturalization of father or
husband^ Communications should be ad
dressed to "The Department of State,
Passport Division," >and each communica
tion must give the postofflce address of
the party to whom the answer is to be
sent. The fee is one dollar. This amount,
either In currency or postal money order,
should accompany each application. ¦
THE MONROE DOCTRINE— Alpha,
City. You have the .wrong Idea of -the
Monroe doctrine. It does not "declare
that because a "man Is of a particular re
ligious sect he cannot become President
of the United States." The Monroe doc
trine Is "that the American continents by
the- free and Independent conditions which
they have assumed and maintained are
henceforth not to be considered as sub
jects for future colonization by any Euro
pean powers."
MOUNT VERNON— T. Y. L. x City. The
Mount Vernon. estate, Va., is under the
care and direction of the Vernon Ladies'
Association of the United States. The as
sociation was founded In 1854 by Miss Ann
Pamela Cunningham of South Carolina,
who was chosen the first regent. The
present regent is Mrs. Justine Van Rens
selaer of New York, granddaughter of
General Philip Schuyler and great-great
granddaughter of Philip Livingston, a
signer of . the . Declaration of Independ
ence. ,
DRAUGHT SME'N - O. B., City.
Draughtsmen In the United States navy,
ship, bureau of construction and depart
mental service are of three classes — ship
draughtsmen, assistant and copyist— and
are appointed under the civil service ruled.
Draughtsmen are also appointed under
the same rules In the Supervising Archi
tect's office,' the Ordnance Department
and Topographic Department. Applica
tion should be made of the clerk in the
department the applicant desires to enter
for the proper blanks. ¦. ,
SUPERVISORS— W. J. :C, City. 'The
Board of Supervisors of the city and
county of San Francisco is composer! of
eighteen members, elected from the city
and county at large. The board is the
legislative body of the municipality. The
duties of the Supervisors are specifically
set forth in the charter.
IN KENTUCKY— M. A. G., City. In
Kentucky "ungovernable temper" is a
ground for divorce and in Florida it is
"habitual indulgence In ungovernable
temper." These are the only States in
which temper is. a lawful ground for di
vorce, -i —
THE PRESIDENCY — Alpha, . City.
There is nothing In the constitution of the
United States or the law that precludes
a man from the office of President of the
United States on the ground that he Is a
member of any religious sect.
THE YACHT RACE— Subscriber, City.
The race for the America's cup Is open to
any country that wishes to run for it—
that is, any organized yacht club of any
foreign country can challenge the holder
of the cup.
INDIAN MOUND-Eastern Tourist,
City. There is a shell mound at Shell
Mound Park, Alameda - County, which is
said be of Indian build. That is the near
est to San Francisco.
UTAH— Sub., City. The State of Utah
has an area of 87,750 square miles or 52,
601,600 acres, of which 2780. square miles
are water.
JAMES LEWIS- Subscriber, City.' James
Lewis, the comedian of the Daly Com
pany, never appeared at the Orpheum.
A CHANCE TO SMILE
Samuel Prager, a merchant of I*o^
Angeles, Is at the Grand. •
Dr. B. I*. Hart of San Jose la spending
a few days at the Palace.
Judge E. M. Ross of Los Angeles id
among the arrivals .at the Palace. . -.
Fred Cox, the well-known banker of
Sacramento, Is spending a few days at
the Grand. >
George V. Borchsenlus. ex-clerk of the
United States District Court at Nome,
13 at the California.
George M. Murphy, proprietor of tho
St. James Hotel of San Jose^ Is registered
at the Palace. He is accompanied by
his wife. «•
Mrs. James G. Garfleld, widow of the
deceased President of that name, will ar
rive to-day on a special car and spend
a few days at the Palace. ...
J. C. Stubbs, traffic director of the Har
riman roads, will arrive here October IS
to attend the wedding of his daughter
to Harry Parker, a young newspaper
man of New York.
Chrome— Didn't I understand you to say
that that friend of yours from Kentucky
was an artist?
Hawse — That's what I said, whether you
understood it so or not.
Chrome— Well, I guess you're mistaken.
I got to talking art to him and he doesn't
know the first principles.
Hawse— And that's all you know about
him. By jove, I've seen him draw a cork
with a pair of scissors, and that act saved
half a" dozen lives — Detroit Free Press. -
Special Information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by' the
Press CUpping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont-,
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
Townsend's California glace frults v 60c 3
pound, in flre.-etcb.ed boxes or Jap. bas
kets. A nice present for Eastern friends,
639 Market street. Palace Hotel building. •
Cal. glace fruit 50c per lb at Townsend's.*
Choice candles, Townsend's. Palaca Hotel*
"Walnut and Pecan Panoche. Townsend.
Ethel— Mamma told me I could stay In
the parlor last night while Mr. Huggard
was calling on sister Bess.
Elsie— Did she?
Ethel— Yes, and it was great fun. We
played "blind man's buff," and they let
me be trie blind man nearly all the time.—
Tid-Bits.
"I see that the distinguished guests
were warmly received at the club."
"Yes; the thermomoeter was at 89."—
Cleveland Plain Dealer.
"Our church Is to have a conundrum
supper to-morrow night," said Mrs. Fris
bie.
"Hash will be served, I suppose," said
Mr. Frisbie.— Detroit Free Press.
"Do you notice the high and mighty
expression Mrs. Bumper wears since they
got their new automobile?"
"Yes. Sort o' auto-cratlc. isn't It?"—
Plain Dealer. " ¦¦•._.
"I regret to inform you," said the man
who was called on for a speech, "that I
have neglected to make any preparations
for this occasion. If any one in the au
dience will suggest a subject upon which
a man. is privileged to talk when he
doesn't know anything about it I will be
glad to make a few remarks." >
Of course he thought he had excused
himself very cleverly, but something over
half the audience responded almost as
one person.
"Talk about the army canteen." they
said.— Chicago Post.
"Your son," said the teacher, "has
missed it on arithmetic."
"Yes."
"No good at spelling."
"Yes."
"A dunce in history."
"Yes." . f-'rv
"And there's no good in him."
"Professor," said the farmer, "have you
ever heard that boy cussin' of a Georgia
mule under a br'llin' sun In a ten acre
field?"— Atlanta Constitution. •
Child — Oh, mother, stop. I want to look
at that man Just run over by the car.
"Come along,\do! There will be another
presently a little farther on."— Life.
AiNSWERS TO QUERIES.
Mr. Flint is a resident of the Thirty-ninth
District. This district is' not represented among
the Republican nominees for Supervisor, while
the Fortieth has three representatives. The
suggestion Is made that W. H. Cobb would
willingly retire, but I understand that he is a
good lawyer and a very capable man and I am
Looking Toward the Fortieth.
Mr. Wells replied: "I did so signify."
Concerning W. F. Herrin's connection
with the incident the nominee for Mayor,
responding to questions, said:
I did not go with Mr. Goldberg in a carriage
to see Mr. Herrln, but it was reported to me
that Mr. Herrin said my wishes in this regard
should have been respected. He. holds with me
that Mr. Flint should go on the ticket. It is a
question now of taking some one on* the. ticket.
The interviewer asked: "Did you signify
that you would retire from the contest
if Mr. Flint was not put on the ticket for
Supervisor?"
Mr. Flint is also a man of fine business.at
tainments. I have known him for many years
In the commandery.' We have served together
on important occasions. I urged him to allow
his name to go before the convention as a
candidate and he reluctantly— very reluctantly
acceded to my wish. I was surprised and some
what indignant when I learned that he was
not placed on the ticket, as this was the only
request that I made in regard to the Board of
Supervisors. Perhaps in my warmth I ex
pressed my mind too freely to Mr. Goldberg
and Mr: Riordan. ' • •• ¦ - ¦
I did send In a request that B. P. Flint should
be placed on the ticket for Supervisor and was
greatly disappointed when I found that he was
not nominated. I was particularly anxious for
his nomination. I know him -well and appreci
ate the strong points of his character and know
that he possesses superior ability as a presid
ing officer.
Mr. "Wells Quite Surprised.
At the Pleasanton Hotel last evening
Mr. Wells accorded an interview to The
Call. Tbe chief topic embraced in the in
terview was Mr. Wells' expressed desire
for the nomination of Mr. Flint. On this
point the nominee for Mayor said:
ranks of the party to which
Mr. Wells belongs. Every possible effort
was made last night by the managers of
the late Republican convention to iron
out the wrinkles in the programme, and
several of the leaders went so far in ef
fort to produce smoothness and harmony
as to challenge the accuracy of a state
ment published in an afternoon paper
that , Mr. Wells threatened to withdraw
from the race if B. P. Flint were not
placed on the ticket for Supervisor.
ASA-R. WELLS, -Republican noml
' nee for Mayor, exploded a shell in
the political camp yesterday. The
explosion created alarm in the
Thomas D. Riordan, chairman of the
Republican Convention, made several
statements yesterday as to his conver
sation with Mr. Wells. In an interview
a representative of this paper had with
him # on Montgomery street he denied
Chairman Biordan Speaks.
At this hour my decision- to retire from the
ticket if- Mr. Flint is not put on for Supervisor
is unchanged.
Brilsford P. Flint, the particular friend
of Mr. "Wells, ran for Mayor twenty-four
years ago and was defeatedby I. S. Kal
loch. Max Goidberg, who goes on the
campaign committee, is an alert shaver of
demands on tho city treasury. He ran for
delegate to the Republican local conven
tion, but was turned down by the people
of his district. "Whenever delegates to a
convention. State or district, are appoint
ed Max Goldberg gets in. When the vot
ers are consulted he is generally kept out.
Asa R. Wells' predicament in the mat
ter of B. P. Flint's aspiration for ser
vice on the Board of Supervisors is the
result of neglected opportunity. Mr. Her
rin being engaged in other duties cort
nected with the railroad delegated to Jere
Burke the task of selecting for the Re
publican convention a list of eighteen can
didates for the Board of Supervisors. Mr.
Wells should have made his wishes known
to Mr. Burke before the slate was closed.
This after growl places the railroad com
pany in. a very embarrassing: position
and causes the push to swear that the
nominee for Mayor is a political lobster
of the seventeenth degree.
As. late as 11 o'clock last night Mr.
Wells said:
Should Have Seen Jerry Burke.
I am .familiar with the custom, as I have
served on two campaign committees. It was
a surprise to me when I heard that Max Gold
berg was not placed on the campaign com
mittee, but this can be rectified by the en
largement of the committee. Chairman Rior
dan can add Mr. Goldberg to it. Mr. Goldberg
is an able and useful man. He is familiar with
the duties pertaining to the management of the
campaign.
not willing that he shall -be displaced. The
committee can adjust this in some way.
I am familiar with the duties and responsi
bilities of the work at the City Hall and know
how important it is that the Mayor should be
strongly supported by the Board of Supervis
ors. Yes, I understand. that Mayor Phelan was
consulted in all the Democratic nominations for
the board, yet I only made one suggestion re
garding Supervisors and that was Ignored.
Speaking of the campaign committee,
the nominee for Mayor remarked that it
was customary for the head of the ticket
to name or be consulted in naming such
committee. Mr. Wells said:
Mr. Riordan also stated that in tha
conversation about Flint not being a can-*
didate for Supervisor. Mr. "Wells asked;
"Did you ever know a case where that
Mayor had not something; to do with thei
naming of. Supervisors?"
Mr. Riordan replied: "I know of but:
one case • where ho did— that of Mayotf
Phelan— and the board he named was the,
worst the c'ty ever had." Continuing
Riordan said: "There are eighteen As
sembly Districts In this city, and don'C
you suppose that the representatives o£
those districts know better who they*,
want for Supervisors than you do 2'*
PERSONAL MENTION.
Mr. Wells most either be daffy or erazy, and?
I would be willing to give 5300 personally If
he would withdraw from the ticket.
I have no doubt Mr. Flint would have been
nominated for Supervisor had Mr. Wells* re
quest been made a little earlier. However. I
never knew that Mr. Wells desired any man to
be nominated until I talked with him this
morning. One fact I will emphasize again, and
that is that Mr. Wells, did not threaten -to
withdraw from the ticket during the conver
sation I had with him this morning.
A few hours later Mr. Riordan was in-»
tervfewed again on Market street.
He was asked flatly it it was not at
fact that llr. "Wells had stated that he»
would withdraw from the ticket if B. P,
1-IInt was not nominated for Supervisor.
Mr. Riordan said then:
Says "Wells Must Be Crazy.
Mr. Wells certainly felt hurt that Mr. Flint
•was not nominated, but he certainly said noth
ing to me about withdrawing from the ticket
if Mr. Flint was not given a place.
Max Goldberg, nor any other man, was pres
ent at our interview. In reference to Max
Goldberg all that Mr. Wells said was that ha
would like to have him placed on the campaign
committee. In the afternoon I acceded tq his
request by appointing Goldberg to the com
mittee and having his certificate filed wlUx the
Registrar.
emphatiennjr that Mr. "Wells had In
formed him that he would withdraw from
the ticket unless B. P. Flint was placed
upon the ticket as one of the Super
visorial nominees. Mr. Riordan said:
I called upon Mr. Wells In hla office in ths
City Hall yesterday morning and after greet
ing him as Mr. Mayor, discussed the political
situation in general.
Mr.- Wells expressed his displeasure that »
certain gentleman was not placed upon the
ticket as a nominee for Supervisor. He did
not mention the gentleman's name, simply say
ins he -was an excellent parliamentarian and
that ho 'knew he would not only make an ex
cellent Supervisor, but would be able to serve
as president pro tern, of the board In his (Mr.
Wells) absence. I did not learn that Mr.
Flint was the gentleman Mr. Wells referred
to until afternoon.
REPUBLICAN NOMINEE FOR MAYOR
THREATENS TO ABANDON THE RACE
WHILE the Protestant Episcopal church in
this country has a less number of communi
cants than several others, it ranks among
the foremost in wealth, in the prominence of its mem
bership and the eminence of its clergy. It conse
quently exerts an influence upon public and private
life second to that of no other denomination. Its
power happens to be greatest in the richest and most
populous States in the Union, and that fact adds to
its prestige throughout the country.
Since the foundation of the republic the growth of
the church in numbers and in wealth has been extra
ordinary. Statistics show that while in 1800 there
was but one Episcopalian to every 584 inhabitants in
the Union, there is new one to every 106. Thus
Episcopacy has increased even more rapidly than the
increase of population. The growth, moreover, has
been much more rapid of late than in the earlier
years of our history. In 1873 there were 235,100
communicants; in 1901, 719.540. In 1873 the con
tributions were $6,187,000; in 1891, $16,069,000.
There are thirty-nine parishes having incomes in 1900
that are each larger than the incomes of all parishes
in America in 1800, and there are fourteen dioceses
having in 1900 more communicant members than
there were members in the whole American Episco
pal church in 1800. Connecticut, Long Island, Mas
sachusetts, New York and Pennsylvania have each
more communicants to-day than there were in the
whole country as late as 1832.
Under any circumstances the assembling of a con
vention of such an organization would be a matter of
interest and importance, but there is a special inter
est in this convention, inasmuch as .it is the claim that
the convention is more thoroughly representative of
every State, county and city in the Union than is the
general convention of any other religious body.
Moreover, it is to deal with several problems in
which nearly all the people of the country are inter
ested, regardless 'of their church affiliations, and
whatever action the convention may take upon them
will unquestionably exert an influence far wider than
even the widespread membership of the church itself.
Another salient feature of the gathering is the ex
traordinarily large proportion of eminent men among
its members. Whether attention be directed to the
House of Bishops or to the House of Deputies,
there will be noted in the list of members name after
name of men whose repute is as wide as the nation,
and some, indeed, who have a world-wide renown.
If such men came to us in even an unofficial capacity,
they would command honor by their personal dignity
and merit, and would receive it from all who - are
capable of appreciating the worth of high character
and the usefulness of noble service rendered in the
name of religion.
It is "gratifying to San Francisco to have this
notable convention, and the influence it will exert
upon the community cannot fail to be helpful in many
ways. It not only affords us another opportunity to
display the proverbial hospitality of San Francisco
and ,pf California, but furnishes an added proof that
the city is no longer regarded in the East as a place
remote from the life of the; nation, too far from the
center for general gatherings of conferences and con
ventions. . We have, therefore, a double reason to be
pleased at the presence of so eminent a body of men,
and the pleasure has been abundantly manifest in the
cordiality of our welcome.
THE EPISCOPAL CONVENTION.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, OCTOBER 4, 1901.
FRIDAY ...........* OCTOBER 4, 1901
JOHN D. SPRECKELS. Proprietor. v
liirtn All Communications to W. S. LIAKE, Manager.
MANAGER'S OFFICE Telephone Preia 204
PUBLICATION OFFICE Market and TUlrd, S. K.
Telephone Preis 2O1.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Sterenaoa St.
Telephone Pres* 202.
Delivered br Carriers, 15 Cent* Per We ell.
Single Copies, 5 Cent*.
Term* by 31 all, Including- Postage t
DAILY CALX. (Including Sunday), one year $4.09
DAILY CALX. (Including Sunday). • months 3.00
DAILY CALL (lacludlnc Sunday), t r-onths 1.60
DAILY CAL^r-Bjr Single Month ... , 65o
6TTXDAY CALL. One Tear I....Y.. l.M
VEEKLT CALL. On* Tear 1^00
6
AUCTION SALES.
Grand Opera-house — "The Merchant of Venice."
Columbia—' 'Florodora. "
Orpheum — Vaudeville.
Central — "Kidnaped."
Alcazar— " "Liberty Hall."
Tivoli — "Carmen."
California— West's Minstrels.
Chutes, Zoo and Theater — Vaudeville every afternoon and 1
evening.
j Fischer'*— Vaudeville.
• Recreation Park— Baseball.
Alhsmbra Theater— "The Brownies In Fairyland," Satur-
day afternoon.
Sutro Baths— Open niRhta. ,
"There is a change coming some day,
whether the gentlemen who denounce char-
ity as anarchy want the change or not."
THE following deadly editorial appeared in
Hearst's New York Evening Journal on
May 22, 1 901 , less than six months be-
fore President McKinley was shot down
by a pupil of yellow journalism:
"What is an anarchist?"
"According to accepted definitions, issued,
by the higher classes of society, an anarch-
ist is one who tries to do something useful
that has never been done before.
WHAT IS AN ANARCHIST?
WHAT DOES IT ALL MEAN?
IN connection with the recent assassina-
tion of President McKinley will the Exam-
iner please tell what it meant when on
February^ 1900, "it published, from its
Washington correspondent the following:
"The bullet that pierced Goebel's chest
Cannot be found in all the West;
Good reason. It is speeding here
. To stretch McKinley on his bier."
By P. J Barth— This day. at 11 o'clock. Furniture, at 33{
Halght street.
: By S. Watkliw— Saturday, October 5, at 11 o'clock, Horses,
at corner Tenth and Bryant streets.
By G. H. Urabsen & Co.— Monday. October 7. at IS. o'clock.
Crooks KFtate Properties, at 14 Montgomery street.
CIIW The New Lady of the White
uUlT House and Her Daughter Alice
II A I V Peculiarities of Divorce
Laws in Various States |
/J I V V With exprtsrioas of opinion from Epuccpal Bishops
OCTOBER 6. 1901 j
ANOTHER PAGE OF PHOTOGRAPHING I A DAY VITH THF
"GEORGIE" AND HIS VILD ANIMALS IN C TOHERMEN.
"PA." TH51R NATIVE "
The best comic stories HAUNTS. "™'^™" l ™"™ <
now appearing. Did you erer think how THE "ACENDAS OF
1 difficult it wcold bz to MEXICO.
THE CROCKER MAN' get a photograph cf a ' "
SION, WHE3E J. PIER, bear robbing a beehive I MOST UNIQUE RANCH
PONT MORGAN LIVES | See n*xt Stmd ay ', CalL
NEXT WEEK— "GRAUSTARK." jSpecial Dispatch to The Call.
PHOENIX. Ariz., Oct. 3.-The El Paso,
Phoenix and California Railway Com
pany, whose articles of incorporation
were filed yesterday with the Territorial
Secretary, is said by its promoters to be
a bona fide railroad building enterprise,
backed by New York capitalists. The
tacit admissions of some of the incor
porators warrant the assertion that it is
a proposed connecting link between the
eastern terminus of the San Diego and
Yuma Railroad, now building, and the
Phelps, Dodge and Palmer Railroad, now
building from El Paso to Benson, Ariz.
The latter road is admittedly working in
harmony with the Rock Island route, now
in El Paso, so that with the completion
of the other roads named the Rock Island
will eventually have a Pacific Coast ter
minal in San Diego.
These facts are not publicly announced,
but the inference Is ciear. The life of the
Arizona legislative act exempting rail
roads from taxation for twenty years ex
pired last August. Previous to that date
notice of intention to build was filed with
the Territorial Secretary by several com
panies, among them the El Paso, Phoenix
and California, the legal requirement be
ing that construction work shall begin
within six months. By the 31st of August
the articles of incorporation were pre
pared, with the following named incor
porators: Ex-Governor M. H. McCord, J.
A. Kurtz and J. L. B. Alexander of Phoe
nix, and J. J. Hodnett and M. E. Curry
of Tempe. The capital stock was $10,000,
000.
Capitalists' Names Withheld.
Hodnett went to New York, where he
secured favorable consideration, and re
turning filed the article^. When seen to
day by a Call correspondent Kurtz said
he was not at liberty to give the names
of the New York capitalists, but that the
road was an entirely independent organi
zation, however harmoniously it might
work with connecting lines. The men be
hind it are amply able to carry out the
work, and he has every confidence that
they will do so. Some preliminary sur
veying has been done and the route has
been carefully gone over.
The line will run from Benson down the
San Pedro Valley to the Gila River, then
down the Gila to Florence and across the
rich mesa land from there to Phoenix,
thence west to the Colorado River. It will
run through rich mining or agricultural
country practically all the way. F. M.
Murphy, president of the Santa Fe, Pres
cott and Phoenix Railroad, and associates
have organized a company for the con
struction of a line between Phoenix arid
Benson over practically the same terri
tory, except west from here to the Colo
rado River, and their engineers are now
in the field. Whether they contemplate
extension to California or not, or simply
to connect with the Santa Fe, Prescott
and Phoenix at Phoenix is not known.
When the matter of parallel lines from
here to Benson was suggested to Kurtz
he said:
"Mr. Murphy's operations were Inaugu
rated after our notice of intention was
made public. I -lon't know what his plans
are, but we are organized for business."
J. L. B. Alexander, a stockholder in and
attorney for the company, said in answer
to a request for information:
"I can't tell you anything now. The
first thing is to arrange matters with the
capitalists who have agreed to take out
bonds, the trustees. New York bankers,
etc. I can simply say that the New York
parties have approved otir articles and
returned them with instructions to pro
ceed, which we are doing."
Terminal Still a Secret.
He was asked about the ¦western ter
minal or connecting line. He replied that
the articles read: "On the Colorado River
at or near Yuraa. Our organization and
exemption is confined to Arizona. Beyond
that I have nothing to say." * ;
Asked if the line would not amount to
an extension of the San Diego and Yuma
road he said, "There you are," in a voice
that indicated that that conclusion Is
¦well founded. Still he insisted that no
plans were made further than the Colo
rado River, and that the road might con
nect therewith any road it chooses, now
operating or to be hereafter built. Hod
nett's remark3 Indicate that the road Is
more likely to connect with some line now
in existence, or to be built, having a ter
minal In Los Angeles. He said that if the
Nicaragua canal is built In the near fu
ture, or steps taken for its construction,
San Diego ¦would be a preferable outlet,
otherwise Los Angeles would be the'ob
jective point.
The company will hold a meeting In a
few days for the election of officers. The
incorporators are all representative Ari
zona citizens, though not wealthy men,
and all announce that the capital for the
enterprise will come from New York.
EENEGADE APACHE nSTDIANS
TAKE TO' THE WARPATH
Leave San Carlos Reservation and
Kill Five People in the Mogol
lon Mountains.
ALBUQUERQUE, N. M., Oct. 3.-Word
was received to-day that a renegade band
of Apache Indians from the San Carlos
reservation are in the Mogollon Moun
tains, south of this city, and that five
people have been killed by them on Wil
low Creek, near the old warpath rendez
vous of Victorio and Geronimo a few years
ago. No particulars of the outbreak have
been received. United States Marshal
Foraker is now at Sliver City and will
probably go to the scene of the killing be
fore returning here.
Barkentine Launched at Eureka.
EUREKA, Oct. 3.-The H. D. Bendlxsen
Shipbuilding Company launched another
large vessel from its ways at Falrhaven
this afternoon. The new vessel Is a four
masted barkentine, being 210 feet long, 41
feet beam and 15.7 feet hold, with a gross
tonnage of 998 and has a net tonnage of
870. The new vessel was christened Geor
gina' and will be commanded by Captain
Charles Brandt. Her principal owners
are Captain Charles Brandt, I. R. Brown,
Captain M. A. Brandt and C. D. Corbett
of this city and Captain Jensen of Ala
meda. ¦ -
Stops His Team and Then Dies.
LOS ANGBLES, Oct. 3.— Henry Adams,
a rancher living near Whittler, dropped
dead from heart disease - this morning
while on his way to Los Angeles. His
horses were frightened by the barking of
a small dog and Adams had great diffi
culty in restraining them. The exertion
exhausted him and he gave the reins to
his 15-year-old daughter, who accom
panied him, and descended to the ground
to rest. Immediately afterward he col
lapsed and died. '
Lumber Cars "Wrecked in Oregon.
ASHLAND, Ore., Oct. 3.— Six cars loaded
with lumber on a southbound Southern
Pacific freight train were ditched south
of Upton station this ¦ afternoon. No one
was Injured, but the track was badly torn
up. This will delay passenger trains due
in San Francisco to-morrow morning
about seven- hours. \
Despondent Baker Commits Suicide.
LOS ANGELES, Oct. 3.— Despondent
over domestic \ trouble, John Lhese, a
French baker, yesterday threw himself In
front of a Southern Pacific train at Flor
ence Junction, seven miles south of Los
Angeles, and was ground to death under
the wheels.
Postmaster Ex ds His Life.
LOS ANGELES, Oct. 3.-Charles O.
Tucker, the Postmaster at Sawtelle, the
station for ' the Soldiers' Home on the
Santa Monica electric road, committed
suicide some time" last night in his office
by shooting himself. Nothing is known
as to the cause of the suicide. . ,% / .-. ¦.-.¦
CELEBRATES BIRTHDAY
UNDER FAMOUS TREES
John M. Price of San Luis Obispo
Makes Merry at Ninety-One
Years.
SAN LUIS OBISPO, Oct. 3.— Under the
famous old sycamores in the canyon on
the Pismo rancho last Sunday the ninety
first anniversary of his birthday was pret
tily celebrated by John M. Price, one of
the most prominent residents In this sec
tion of the State. A large number of rela
tives and friends participated in an en
joyable barbecue, during which there
were songs, speeches and dancing. The
relatives present with their families were
John S. Price, Edward Price, William
Price, Michael J. Meherin, William Hamd
lon and Mrs. Walker. ¦
John M. Price was born In Bristol, Eng
land, September 29, 1810. At the age of
15 he left home in a ship. After several
cruises he landed at Monterey in 1830. He
spent some years on ranches in the Sa
linas Valley and then began work as va
quero for Captain W. G. Dana on the
Nipomo rancho in this county. At one
time he mined for gold in Stanislaus
County. He has taken a deep interest
in the politics of the county ajid served
as Alcalde and Supervisor In the early
days. He was married in 1844 to Senorita
Dona Andrea Colona. For years he has
resided with his family on the Pismo
ranch.
CASHIER DISCOVERS .
"GOLD BRICK" IN TIME
GRASS VALLEY, Oct. 3.— A Chinese
yesterday appeared at the Bank of Ne
vada County here, offering gold for sale.
Cashier Root found the yellow metal good
and made a purchase. He told the Chi
nese he would like to buy any more which
that individual or his friends might have
for saie at any time, whereupon the Chi
nese drew a gold bar from his blouse and
offered It for sale. It fell short in weight,
and the assayer of the bank was called In
to apply a test. The assay disclosed the
fact that although the "gold brick"
weighed fifteen ounces, it contained just
28 cents worth of gold. The rest was
copper or brass composition.
The Chinese, on being questioned, said
he bought the brick long ago from a white,
man, paying $43 for it. However, he did
not seem surprised at the result of the
assay and refused to talk further. He has
not been seen since.
— »
Of Interest to People of the Coast.
WASHINGTON. Oct. 2.— Postofflces dis
continued — California — Pampa, Kern
County. The mail goes to Callente.
Postmaster commissioned— Washington-
Benjamin W. Owens, Macklin. Appointed
—California— W. L. Roby, Jewetta. Kern
County, vice T. Heryaord. resigned; P. B.
Wightman, Skyland, Santa Cruz County,
vice T. Ryall, resigned; Oregon— V. L.
Traney, Beech Creek, Grant County, vice
J. T. Berry, resigned.
These pensions were granted — Cali
fornia—Increase, Henry Mead, Soldiers'
Home, Los Angeles, $8; Philo G. Tuttle,
Phonerville, $6; Manasses M. Flory, San
Bernardino, $10; Charles W. Jewett, Gar
berville, $12; Charles B. Whipple, San
Francisco, $8. Oregon — Increase— Jacob
Croy, Ashland, $30. Washington— Widows
—Minor of Benjamin Teesdale, $10. '
San Jose Belle Is Wedded.
SAN JOSE, Oct. 3.— Miss Alice M.
Osgocd, a well known society young lady
and daughter of M. H. Osgood of this
city, was married to-day to Dr. H. M.
Gay of Philadelphia. The bridesmaid was
Miss Hattibel Osgood, a sister, and Dr.
Lackey of Oakland was best man. After
a tour of the State, the couple will reside
In Philadelphia, where Dr. Gay is a
practicing: physician. Dr. Gay formerly
resided here.
Memorial Services in Dawsoru
SEATTLE. Oct. 3.— Advices from Daw
son state that a public memorial service
was held Sunday, September 22, in mem
ory of President McKinley, at which a
number of public men spoke. Flags were
put at half mast on all buildings and all
public offices, including- the Governor's of
fice, were closed. The memorial services
were similar to those held at the time of
the death of Queen Victoria.
Accused of Illegal Piloting.
PORT TOWNSEND, Wash., Oct. 3.— An
Information has been filed in the Supe
rior Court here and warrants issued for
the arrest of Captain Walter McWilliams
of San Francisco and Captain John von
Helms. The Information charges them
with piloting vessels in Puget Sound wat
ers without flret having obtained licenses
from the Board^ Pilot Commissioners.
Dtmsmuir Government "Will Resign.
VICTORIA, B. C, Oct. 3,— The resigna
tion . of the Dunsmuir Government is ex
pected to-morrow. It Is probable that D.
M. Eberts will be commended to the Gov
ernor as Premier and a Conservative Gov
ernment formed.-
TACOMA, Wash., Oct. 3.— Executive
Commissioner Johnson of the Washington
Pan-American Exposition Commission
has received a letter from Archie B. Mc-
Ardle, telling how Washington's big tree
stump, sent to Buffalo to demonstrate the
size of Puget Sound fir timber, has been
the means of reuniting two lovers who
were parted years ago by a petty quarrel.
The letter was written from Independence,
Iowa., and reads:
"Ten years ago, while living In a town
not far from Buffalo, I was engaged to
Miss Margie Hunter, and we were about
to be married when a small dispute arose
and in a moment of anger she insisted on
breaking the engagement. As every one
knew we were to be married In a few
weeks I was 'deeply chagrined, and the
next day left town, going to Colorado and
securing work In a mine.
"I heard occasionally from my old home
and learned that the girl with whom I
was so deeply in love had moved with her
parents to Iowa. I never heard directly
from her and, of course, never wrote her.
After a few years I lost all track of her.
Early In August, with a party of friends,
1 was visiting the Fan-American, and in
the course of sightseeing cam$ into your
big tree. The side walls were covered
with names and addresses. I was about
to write mine on the only space I could
see that was not covered, when, I dis
covered the name, Margie Hunter, Inde
pendence, Iowa.
"Next day I wrote her from Buffalo,
telling her of the peculiar way I had dis
covered her whereabouts. She promptly
replied, asking me to call and see her on
my way home, which is in La Junta, Col.
This I did. The invitation to the wedding
which I inclose tells the rest."
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Terminal May Be at Los
Angeles or Perhaps at
San' Diego.
Wedding Follows Discovery
of Woman's Address
in Buffalo.
The Washington Exhibit
Serves to End an
Old Romance.
New York Capitalists
Behind New Line to
California.
EASTERN COIN
FOR RAILROAD
TREE BRINGS
HIM HAPPINESS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, OCTOBER 4, 1901.
7
THE EMPOBITJK. , | . THE EMPOBJTTM. | THE EMPOBITTM. | " THE EMPORIUM. ¦
jf • " " ' • -•. ¦ \ ° • " b • -5
K w 0 ur advertisements only begin in the newspapers; the strongest part of them is their fulfill- $
J P»P men t. WE ALWAYS HAVE, AND W£ ALWAYS WILL GIVE THE MOST FOR THE MONEY. J
I If, after you get your purchase home you are not satisfied, or if you thinK you can do better |.
$ elsewhere, bring our goods bacK in the condition in which you received them and gst your <g
$ ' money without question or comment. g
g — . : x
I Hand-Painted At /he Grand Concert to-morrow night at 7:30 o'clock, 25c Music 15c '. s
* Btix**!Gs 73c Set m by the Emporium Orchestra, directed by August Hinrichs, The puubhen marked it S oc ; w= s; n « re g . 3»
5 *fe>>aitew Pretty opal tllC &.& PtliOitia QUartd Will appear in pOpUlar SOngS. uarly at a 5 c. The sptdal price ff J
*£ /^^^^^^^^ hand-painted _ — ; ! '. ! '¦ to-day only, per copy »OC JJ
H n **"' "!i»rfcij«V'/rttfi flowcrdecora _ g||| ip|J*j*^ -. IIy "^ "Whispering Leaves." °T
£ tons; a fine valur at the regular price, $1.20 gP» *^ W^^m^^M^EKJOM^ E&S&ttS&S&n** «§ " when the Autu ,mn Are Fall- .J
6 dct set: on special sa c to-day _ ' * ¦•ivi*v?r*»« •* m
Sf only... \73c CAUFO!?N!A'S LARGEST-- AMERICA'S GRANDEST STORE ••HaSSS ?*** .» 5
m ¦ |. H. „. _ | i,i.i,..hi.i , i . i .. I.I..II.IIII. ..,.,. ¦mm.. ii i i i n .... I i " -~ - 111 «V
| n% Assofhei* R@m®B*kahie Clothing Sale <dgb» <S1> 1
$ >/W\ ** eac * brief descriptions of the Big Store's five great jci. $
g /) Sp\ ff^ Clothing Specials for Friday and Saturday. They do not begin to f\\ \f\ /^vP^/\ 5
K / / , 1 J|{A. °*° l^ e £ Ioth i n g justice: But if you need any garments of the / j \fi f \ s
i ( *\ t /s%?h kind for yourself or boy, take time to investigate these* offerings. I *
i \^ -j r / x* \ \ y* u can ma^ e a saving of at least one-fourth. * /J £
f / >V oh) Men's $12.50 Suits $9.45— Suitable for semi-dres* 3 ji\ HAJ " I
8* v y^i VtV^* > 2s±y or § encra^ wear » new colorings of greens, browns and grays, in rough cheviot; also a large «jp „_• • VaJ" i_ ' I *
j£ /./ 1^ " *j variety of tweeds, cheviots and cassimeres; cut in the new military style /|?C9 I // r^ y*w i*
*£ III \ \ ' ] and perfectly tailored; all sizes. On special sale Friday and Saturday only *qp&m'*B'£& |1 I / // / / • *
JC •'// / I A / Men's Fall Overcoats §9.45— Very handsome a!!- v| I |
tf II J -|W wool kerseys and cheviots, in blue, g een, brown and Oxford grays; long cut, velvet collars, and guar-'l I Jf
feljf I] anteed silk sleeve linings; values up to $15.00; all sizes. On special sale Friday and Sat- gg%f% \ jyg I I 3»
fC • 1/ J J urday only ; *p%3s.*%r£b .J )f
I VX W^ J&Wj men's Pants, $5 Kind, $2.63 « Jf !
if Youths' B7.50 Suits $4,95 — Serviceable business and -chool Suits, for young men Er i
jj£ 14 to 19 years, made of strictly woolen materials, in cheviots and cassimeres, new color.'ngs and nobby stripes for fall wear, an 'elegant $7.50 £&jm *** g* S
% value. Special Friday and Saturday ' *p*fr.95 *
f£ Boys' $4.OO Two-Piece Suits $2. 93 — In fine all-wool cheviots, cassimeres and tweeds, also |
£ large variety of p'ain colors, coats cut double breasted, trousers made extra strong, sizes for boys 8 to 1 5 years. On special sale Friday and jf> A * *%*% •*
k* Saturday only , %p4xau %j& Jr
i Special Sale of |g^ $18.00 to $35*00 Millinery Special. £
g Linen Toweling* i5r m**^-***^^ gziez s-\s\ Tals vcly bccomin s and st y&k velvet |
$f A Btricfy pure Linen Toweling, oneof the best (^\ EJfrGSSGS I ZZP M \J CJ* hat » faCed with bIu = «& «"* trimmed %
* kinds made; no dressing and a perfectly even \J« l\ , 00 ,, m $25#00 QQ QQ m Dre$JM _ ThIs with breast and' |
J» thread; solid, durab e; m fact, a most exec- Ysfffi* />) . K . . ., . - _ ¦ * .... . .. . , ornament, y>jtg£Mg*&®$zlk X
%> Jmt xa^c roller, or dish toweling. and last season s all-wool fine Dresses- a sp!end : d lot m a big vanety of ' MZ^jtig&g^ S
*>* On special sale to-day only, per yard. . xtfC I 4_i co'ors and black, all sizes, about half the lot are this season's nswest fiE^V^SSKrtSteOr^ •*
% / f\ $18.00 and $ao.oosty:ej, the balance are the best of list season's $25.00 P om pons, fivC jj
S • I //I t0 *35-°° Dresses, like cut, some of them ghtf #gr &&ff% Sty es m a 1 to g^ ,£
I Children's Coats , J U\ '2^..J^..^. m TT^:.!Z^'^ a "" oneofttrbest \ZF I
g and Dresses—Mew dq/j% $5 . 00 1 Walst$ Wh^MM smc W£ m £ *. ™ li™ d Z cver - . f
J" Children's Fall Dresses /j \^^\\ \ ctlors and a J sizeE » P ro F erl y madc and ! ' ne d, nicely tucked and altogether the " -' v -Oc»X^_ ,^
*¦" silfPsil? —Made of fine // |VJ/*O eet Wain I argain of the season, regularly $t. co. Special S9- 00 ; special Friday and Saturday X
I" llitW Cheviots, in aborted S(^J/^13 m , $3.25 only **»*»*%,-" 2
I WM . -— ; — ; — — .. y :::v:.-.-..v: $6,65 $
| ? JmL S ? ti^|i SaiO Off FaitOy SlikS. Undermuslin Sale. I
H /"\ > \ - any " Ze «O <*-» ffi»^ *%E? *~> -JB &-a r-ffb m* m *-**• Thr=e *?** of Ladies* Skirt Chemiae; *!1 of £
» / ' O^ \ ** mf ®g a 2£%2 *2TS$fl &Bm&(Z3 W%BBig®§ £SS$2 m of lawn ' a11 witl ? yokes -J
all \ All • Wool Gretchen and tucked flounced skirts; the regular prices jj
I? I nJI° * w,'\ Coat — For children VVe have secured about 2000 yards of rich, fancy and good value, $i.z 5 . saiepnce _ s
i\W J / S coforl i c^:, f Silks, consisting of Striped Taffeta and Louisine Plisse |^^^^^ SS? |
t( \Jfe ° 1 J tan and red; full line; Stripes, Figured Armure and Louisine, and a limited quantity of Figured Silk excellent value at fi.oo, On __ $
* 7 large co'Jar; neatly Flannel, all good colojings, suitable for street dresses, shirt waists or underskirts; special sale to-day only 75 C Jt
»i ykSS^^V braided special -j^ thcse Silks retail regularly at $ i, $ i . 25 and $ 1. 50 per yard. The ESg*,—, m ', ~^« 5
g /./r - pnc C Big Store will have thcm on salc Friday only at OS9G $f Pictures 47c. Z
tf Chi'drcn's new Melton Coats— Box back, ; *_____ ; II i I III I , %
t* braided edges and scans; bu'tcn trimming; - t B&**2^i*3fBttB&BLBF3 X
| J^J^cl -s*™^ Ladies' Shoe*. w $g£t^&*Ji£ % M ?£n »l I
£ «i «n «°" ' .¥' -/it " • ,*"" V ' Cl Kid Uc ? Sho«.-St,fc » kT(r! P.r.ta T./r= U Ribbon,, ' ¦=v«.. ,ho U ,«d Efe, " S M *MgZ&3SL- I *
5 SS «2'' '°' 95 ' 7S; '- " "" in IH»tMk»,.i«» mote» \>\fil [ ) ->rds In whi K , p-nk, bta and cram, . num E ff«t a™d SL^^^^SH 2
*. $6,25. to=, and patent Wthcrtf s; /W K(a]u -j c d „, , nJ have t ... . .. HjSgamMaii^Bi^i •{
» _. » **mm. />. ; „ . jap/ y Y ****** .mo ding; size of subject, 7x9 inches: fa 1 size «
jf Sewing Silk 25c \^™XM<™ M /) fnme > ima inches 5 g^vaiue A ii.oo. 5
$ If it don't make any difference to you if there "j ™ ' pridav^^ /&&*~**4 %^ A '*' FHday Only ' COm - A V* \
If are a few joinings on each 5poo\ here is a big <(^»w f^^ ** p^w ~WM mm
tf bargain in Sewing Silk for to-day, , &2.Q8* ' GrOCBrleS, LlGiSOrS. -„ , ~ T~ . 5
jf Three hundred large size spools of best quality ' -,- ., . WiSH S FUmiShWffS %
V Black Sswing Sik, letters A, B and C, th: /%^s. LadicV »'flf VaiUQS tOi* A * f*..4 B—Sfno *
* spool stamped "factory ends," will be offered 1^^^.^ be:t quaUty Fl*Etlav 5flOA&ai VoffMtn **«•« r~W~MGGSm X
J. at special sale to-day only, each _ \ P«enc rrauay _ psceai aeumg. Balance of a line of 50c Neckwear— Mostly J
H dmOC leather Laundry Soap— Babbitt's best; regularly 5c Tecks, a few -PufS and Four-in-Hand3, Jf
%! strip . bar. On special sale to-day only, _ _ bought from the manufacturer at less than .'
J. 1 TggQfeSSS^^^ Sandal — 12 hUfS 5 OC actual cost, will be placed on special sale Fri-
K coin New Figs— California Layer, in i-lb. pack- day and Saturday, if quantity lasts, __ " x
S FUmNUre &g3eCialS toe > hand - turned solc » Louis XV hecl8 i re S u - ages; regularly ioc. To-day each «/C X
S ' lar price $1. 75 per pair; all sizes and widths. 3 packages 2So " en ' s hosiery — About 50 doxea of fine qnalitr «
g Iron Bed— With spring top mattress o thL ( } h 45 n "^ *5 C valurt - Frida y * nd ««* ?
r. and two pillows, all complete. On _ ,' "5r«#U Saturday, per pair IOC •*
| .pecw -i. ,o-aa y $9m25 Carpet Specials W^MIM^ *&?&SJ&J£ZZ*JZ |
If ' r Friday Only. Corned Beef— Rci brand; a.lb tins. To-day «nd nicdy finished; a good assortment of pat- *
!C Dhltaj Chair — Of quartered cakj with - .. Warn Mat f inrf Dou3le dve rc . only.... ....20c terns; regular Talue. Friday __ 9
| a brace back; large seat, and well oS'own gft^f^feSs F ™° '^ and Saturday only 77G |
% caned; three spindles in front; nicely importation. On special jalc Fti- 7JT V J', ".'' ° fWiiiU PH4f*hc*9* IQ/r* *
i finished and polished; worth $i. 7S . 4, per yard 24C "uKed Olive, - Stuffed w,th red peppers Bot- MilR PitChe** f»C. ; J
| Special to-day...... "^ Sic^SE |
tf •••• portun ; ty t0 become thoroughly seasoned; 12 ' bottc - Special to-day only.... f% Pitchers; hoW almost W SV If J
K Golden Oak Chiffonier — With a bevel feetwid:. On spechl sale to-day -j^ .....: «r«9Cr two quarts; they have J ' ' Ii £
Jf p'ate mirror; has five large' and com- cn'y, per square jard OmfC Sweet Wines— Very choice Angelica or Mus- wide, open mouth and U JJ It
K mod : OUS drawers; good hardware, 75c Ingrain RugS-36 inche. square; a large catel our *x. 00 per gallon grade. On Spe - are easily cleaned- they fe 7 «
if ™/;!! n LiWv S r,i,.f4,r^ and gcol assortment from which to make cal sale to-day, ga. Ion .: ...72O »«» new ,ba P eaniour j^ V S
J and is an excellent value at $12.00. • se , ect f o excc , ]ent value at each> Big Emn Lucaj Bo , $ _ red or leader at 25c each; j
ff Special to-day only tfgg* tf» gg bargains at to-day's special price The genuine imported, that retai.'s at |a.oo «pecul Friday only .... -
*P+*n*»iB __• «9(r per bottle. On Friday only $1.53 .- 19C $
.ADVERTISEMENTS.
Catarrh
Cured
*
Some people have had catarrh as long
as they can remember — to cough, choke
and constantly gurgle and expectorate
is a regular habit — sort of second na-
ture, but vile and annoying.
Catarrh in the head is an inflamed
condition of the mucous membranes in
the nasal passages, often caused by a
cold.
Now, unless this inflammation is
drawn out, the catarrh will continue to
do endless damage. It will rot the
bones in the nose, cause deafness, injure
the sight, cause a foul breath.
Indigestion will also follow, for the
stomach has work of its own without
trying to digest the foul chunks of de-
cayed matter that slide down the throat
from the head while the sufferer is
asleep.
Halpruner's Wonderful Medicine
cures catarrh, drives the inflammation
out of the body, purifies the blood —
gives tone and vigor to the membranes
and health to the whole system. It
cools, allays and heals and you are well
in short time at very small cost.
Go to your druggist and ask for
and be sure that you get it Many
druggists will try to talk you out of
Halpruner's because they want you to
take some concoction they have mixed
in their cellars or back room. Some of
them even go so far as to label their
bottles with the names of Eastern con-
cerns to further mislead you. Beware
of the druggist that tries to talk you
out of purchasing Halpruner's.
If vou will telephone to Bush 463. HaJ-
pruner Medical Manufacturing Co., 28
California street, a bottle will be delivered
to you.
DISORDERS jf*\
—or— C ' £spfg\
BY FAR THE GREAT-^/ r*R?7/V^
er number ot patient e i^f \ \LJ II <ST ¦
ceeklr.g relief Jor »o- \\ \ Vkll //
called weakness are \\ \J\ y\ //
strong, robust mea In
every other reepect. Loss of Vitality. Premature-
nees, etc.. are not weaknesses, but the symptoms
of Inflammatory processes in the Prostate Gland
(so-called neck of bladder) caused by contracted
disorders and too often repeated and too long
continued excitement. Under our local plan of
treatment, directed toward reducing the en-
larged and swollen Prostate. Immediate re-
sults, as indicated by Increased circulation and
renewed strength, are observed. Our colored
chart of the organs, which we eend free on
application. Is Interesting to any one wishing
to study the anatomy of the male.
DR. TALCOTT & CO., 997 Market St.
17Q2 1QO1
STATE/WENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
INSURANXE COMPANY OF
NORTH AMERICA
IFOUNDED A. D. 1792)
OF PHILADELPHIA. IN THE STATE OF
Pennsylvania, on the Jlet day of Decem-
ber. A. D.. 1900. and for the year endin? on
that day. as made to the Insurance Opmtuls-
cloner cf the State of California, rjursuant to
the provisions of sections 610 and 611 of the
Political Code, condensed ai per blank fur-
nished by the Commissioner.
CAPITAL,.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up
In Cash J3.000.000 00
ASSETS.
Heal Estate owned by Company $S55,€94 70
XjO&ns on Bonds and Mortgages 3,712, IB 03
Cach Market Value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company 4,932,217 00
Amount of Loans secured by pledge
of Bonds, Stocks and other/ mar-
ketable securities as collateral $4,700 00
Cash In Banks 916.00132
Interest due and accrued on Bonds
and Mortgages 20,993 19
Premiums In due Course of Collec-
tion 9«.onsi
Ellis reoelvable. not Matured, taken
tor Fire and Marine Risks 29.593 19
Due from other Companies for Re-
insurance on losses already paid.. 15.856 10
Total Assets 18.532,263 86
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted ¦ and unpaid $103.843 43
Losses In process of Adjustment or
tn Suspense £39,577 E2
Losses resisted. Including expenses.. 41,111 00
Grose premiums on Fire Risks run-
r.ing one year or lees, $2,747,033 28;
reinsurance 50 per cent 1,373,616 64
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning more than one year, $2,486.-
ti" 44; reinsurance pro rata 1,775,242 63
Grots premiums on Marine and In- »
land Navigation Risks, ;
reinsurance 100 per cent 23S.7CS 40
Amount reclalmable. by the Insured
ea perpetual Fire Insurance poli-
cies 765,809 20
JiL other liabilities 94,154 48
Total Liabilities »4.931,S64 35
INCOME.
Xet cash actually received for Fire
premiums $4,099,633 64
Net cash actually received for Ma-
rine premiums 1,811,966 53
Received for Interest on Bonds and
Mortgages 105.5S0 38
Received for Interest and dividends
on Bonds, Stocks, Loans and from,
all other sources 222,255 49
Received lor Rents 29.634 69
Received from all other sources 188,216 60
Total Income $6.458,267 23
EXPEXDITtntES.
Net amount paid for Fire Losses.. .$3,754,102 35
JCet amount paid for Marine Losses. 1.137 S93 £2
Dividends to Stockholders 360.000 00
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage -•- 1.109.958 E6
Paid for Salaries. Fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc.... 836,143 40
Paid for State, National and Local
taxes •• 120.22172
All other payments and expendi-
turea 298.508 80
Total Expenditures J6.114.527 85
Losses Incurred during the year S3. 874. 631 62
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums.
Ket amount of Risks
written during the
year f3S9.S58,S69 $5,280,838 81
JCet amount of Risks
expired during the
year 620.821.602 4,854.077 40
TCet amount In force
December « 1300 635,136.387 6. 243, 730 72
Risks and Premiums. Mar. Risks. Premiums.
Net amount or Risks
written during the
year $398,754,420 $2,230,060 44
J>et amount of Risks
expired during the
year -.... 298,456,504 2,218, 5C7 37
JCet amount In force
December 31. 1300 fi.245,841 233.7CS 40
CHARLES PL ATT. Prest.
GREVILLE E. FRYER, Secy.
Subscribed and Fworn to before me. this 18th
tfay of January. 190L
RICHAIcD EL REILLT. Notary Public.
Losses paid since organization,
$104,j58,853.
PACIFIC DEPARTMENT,
412 CALIFORNIA ST., S. E..- 3-
JAMES D. BAILEY, General Agent
CEO. II. MURDOCH,
Agent City Department.
OR.MEYERS&CO. Jgpl%
Specialist. Disease K§||> Ik
and weakness of fi&i?f^ _J
men. Established W/\$S
1S8L Consultation ifyl "&y* y^l
and private book \ ' zli a I
tree, at office or by v*33&i,
naiL Cures guar- Xffi&&&S&ri$£
anteed. 731 Mar. r^SSm^
ket Btreot (eleva- A.7sSw
tor entrance)* Ban
lTr&nclsco.
d visit DR. JORDAN'S great d
{ MUSEUM OF ANATOMY^
A CM 1051 UABII! ST. let. 6:hi7ti, S.r.&l. A
\ - CF The Largest Anatomical Museum In the \
A _,7jVj-, World. Weaknesses or any contracted A
V 5Es«5W *s«» e po»ltl»«?ly cured hy the oldest Y
© JESSl Speciilist on the Coist. Est. 36 years. ©
A Jftf & DR. JORDAN-DISEASES OF MEN A
\ wGSxfoa Consultation free and strictly private. \
' 6 i UWH Treatment personally or by letter. A A
T S HF tjl n PoHtivt Curt in every case undertaken." - \
B P I \\m w rite for Book. PBIE.OJIUPBV mt A
fin 11 BfAnniAGE. MAILED FREE. (AV
\ A II valuable book for mrn) . _ y \
r OB. JORDAN * CO., 1051 Market St.,8. F. Y
Twentieth Century Medicine.
Cascarets Candy Cathartic are as
far ahead of ancient pill poisons and
liquid physic as the electric light of
the tallow candle. Genuine stamped
C. C. C. Never sold in bulk. All
druggists, ioc.
BRADFORD
QUICKSILVER MINE
SAN BENITO CO.
We offer nme stock for sale In this mine at
Mo per share. Price will be advanced on No-
vember 15. The money will be used for devel-
opment and to build a furnace, which will Im-
mediately enhance the value. Vast quantities
of ore are developed with a shaft 260 feet deep
and 1000 feet of tunnels. We own 720 acres of
lanl with buildings and machinery. We want
you to see this mine. The stock In the Silver
Creek Quicksilver advanced from 10c to $3 per
share and Is all sold and Issued and will pay
a dividend in a short time.
, -V, H. R. BRADFORD,
President and General Manager,
7 North Market St.. San Jose. Cal.
Prospectus and Exhibit at Branch Office.
413 KEARNT STREET. San Francisco.
F. DE FREITAS. Agent x
Store & Lofts
TO LEASE.
' A flve-story brick building, containing
store and lofts, will be erected on Mission
street, near Fourth. Elevators and all ap-
pointments. Floor areas about 4000 square
feet each. Will be rented as a whole or
separate- floors. Apply to Davidson &
Leigh, 30 Montgomery street. . <
PDTTCU17C FOR. BARBERS, BAK-
IJllUDilJylO ers > bootblacks, bath-
houses, billiard tables.
brewers, bookbinders, candy-makers, canners.
dyers, flourmllls. foundries, laundries, paper-
hangers, printers, painters, shoe factories,
stablemen, tar-roofers, tanners, tailors, etc.
BUCHANAN BROS.,
Brush Manufacturers. 609 Sacramento St
DIRECTORY
. OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogues and Price Lists Hailed
on Application.
- BILLIARDS. POOL AND BAR FIXTURES.
St. Germain Billiard Co.. late Jacob Strahle
& Co. (est'd. 1S52), 17 and 19 Fremont st; upon
Installment or rented; also beer apparatus./
COAL. COKE AIO PI3 1R3*.
J f WII SflV fe C(\ H 0 Battery Strw.
4- t- WIL3U11 g UJm Telephone Mala Mi.
FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
JA> CUIE3 S tw-cuy. Tel. Mala J2H.
OILS.
LUBRICATING OILS. LEONARD & Trr.T.T*.
413 Front «t.. 3. F. Phone Main 171*.
PRINTINa.
ECBUGHES, m £5£g%kF/
PRINTERS, BOOKBINDERS. -
THT HICKS-JUDD CO..
23 Flrat itreet. Saa Franci»eo.
>g^OEWEY,STRQN£ ScCO.,^^
(X ."PATENTS* 2)
1A/. T. HESS,
ROTART PUBLIC AND ATTOaHBT-AT-lAW.
Tenth Floor. Room 1015. Claua Spreckels BMj.
Telephone Main 9S3.
Residence. 821 California st.. below PoweU.
Residence Telephone James 1301.
It Is now accepted that vaccination ren-
ders the vaccinated person exempt from
smallpox; or at worst, he never has any-
thing but the lightest kind of a case.
Now as sure a preventive and cure for
dandruff, 'which causes falling 1 hair and
baldness, has been . discovered — Newbro's
Herpicide. It kills the dandruff germ.
C. H. Reed, Victor, Idaho, says: "My-
self and wife have been* troubled with
dandruff and hair falling- for several
years. "We tried remedies without effect
until we used Newbro's Herpicide, two
bottles of which cured us." - Hundreds' of
similar testimonials.
ness as There Is of Smallpox.
There Is as Sure Prevention of Bald-
VACCINATION AND DANDRTJIT.
OT3W ADVERTISEMENTS.
I CALIFORNIA
LIMITED
I "THE SUPERIOR OF
I THEM ALL"
I Everything that tends to
I speed, comfort, pleasure and
y , luxury unlimited. $87.00
h Buffalo and Return. October
H 3 and 4. Reserve berths for
H this famous train at 641
H Market Street.
1 IT LEAVES EVERY MONDAY AND
I THURSDAY.,9.00 A. M., ON THE
SANTA FE
WeetlF Can $1.00 dbt YearGreat Stick Work at Sacramento.
Oakland won the game from Los An
greles by default yesterday at the end of
the tenth Inning with the score standing
3 to 3. The events leading up to this re*
suit were of a sensational character.
They furnished an afternoon of great
sport for the followers of baseball so
fortunate as to be present, providing one
of the greatest struggles of the season.
The Los Angeles aggregation could not
hit Schmidt, the Oakland pitcher, until the
ninth, when they tied the score, running
up three tallies. In the first half of the
tenth Oakland went out quickly. The
best it could do was to send Mohler to
second.
Then the fireworks commenced. Reitz
and Hemphill went out for Los Angeles at
once. Householder got a pass to first
and stole second and third as the ball
was lost. It hit the catcher's mask and
rolled off toward Oakland's bench. Kihm
also got a pass to first, by design, as the
Oaklands were waiting- to get Kelly at
bat, believing him. to be a weak man with
the stick.
At this stage of the proceedings the
Oakland men used every device to delay
the gaxne In order that it might be called
on account of darkness. All their shoe
laces seemed unloosed as if by magic
and required a lot of attention. Tne mem
bers of the team also entered into heated
arguments with one another about noth
ing in particular.
Atherton. who was batting for C. Rellly,
preceded Kelly at the hat. He is one of
the strongest of the Los Angeles hitters.
Earlier In the game he was robbed of a
possible three-base hit by Streib, who
made a sensational running catch of his
fly over near the right-field fence.
Schmidt. Oakland's pitcher, tried to pass
Ath?rton to first. This angered the man
from the South. He finally stepped out of
the box and hit safely down the line past
first base. Householder came home on the
hit and the Los Angelas rooters became
almost hysterical. Umpire Hardie quickly
put a damper on their spirits by calling
Atherton out for stepping out of the bats
man's box. thus retiring the side. The
Los Angeles players then sulked. The
umpire took out his watch and as they
were not ready to play when he called
time on them he awarded the game to
Oakland. The score:
OAKLAND.
AB. R. 1JH. SB. PO. A. E.
Mohler, 2b 4 1 2 S 2 6 1
Lohnian, c 5 0 10 6 0 1
Etreib, r. f 4 0 0 0 2 0 0
Fagan, sa 4 10 0 0 3 0
Moskiman, c. f 4 0 1 0 1 0 0
Babbit. 3b 2 0 0 0 0 2 0
Dunleavy. 1. f 4 0 0 0 10 0
Johnson, lb 4 0 0 0 16 2 0
Schmidt, p 4 12 12 4 0
Totalt 35 a 6 4 30 17 2
LOS ANGELES.
AB. R. PH. SB. PO. A. E
Dougherty, r. f 5 0 113 0 0
Reitz, 2b 4 0 0 0 0 11
Hemphill, 1. f 4 0 0 1 S 0 1
licuseholder, c f... 4 0 10 2 0 0
Klhm. lb 2 1 1 0 14 0 0
C. Reilly. 3b 2 0 0 0 0 2 0
Kelly, fs 4 10 0 2 2 0
Spies, c 3 10 0 6 10
McPartlia, p 2 0 0 0 0 6 0
Jones, p 0 0 0 0 0 0 0
Hall* 10 0 0 0 0 0
Atherton 10 0 0 0 0 1
Totals 32 3 3 2 30 11 3
•Batted for McParUin In the ninth.
Bl*XS AND HITS BT INNINOS.
Oakland 000000120 0—3
Base hits 000101120 1— €
Los Angeles 000000003 0—3
Base hits 000000212 0— 5
SUMMARY.
Runs responsible for — McPartlln 1. Two
base hits— Lohman, Schmidt. Spies. Sacrifice
hits— Mohler, McPartlin, Babbit. First base
on error*— Oakland 2. Lob Angeles 1. First
base on called balls — Oakland 1. I/os Angeles 6.
Left on bases — Oakland 5. Los Angreles 9.
Struck out— By Schmidt 3. by McPartlin 5.
bT Jones L Hit by pitcher— Spies. Double
play— Mohler to Johnson. Passed ball—Loh
man. Time of game— 2:20. Umpire— Hardie.
Official scorer — McFarlin.
Men From the South Then
Sulk and Lose by
Default.
Los Angeles Ties Score
in Ninth After Two
Are Out.
OAKLAND WINS
A GREAT GAME
ALBANY, N. Y., Oct. 3.-At the Island
Park Driving- Association meeting to-day
Dariel, driven by Miss Nina Phelps of
Watervliet, N. Y., beat the world's rec
ord for woman drivers by three and three
quarter seconds. The horse trotted the
mile in, 2:08Vi. The best previous record
for a woman driver was 2:12 1 4
0 r i
Woman Drives a Mile in 1:03 1-4.
Present conditions indicate prevalence of ten
to twelve knot breeze o(T Sandy Hook and fair
Friday. Wind will hold from north to north-
WASHINGTON, Oct. 3.-The Weather Bu
reau to-night issued the following forecast of
the weather for to-morrow" s race off' Sandy
Hook; r » ; -v .- i>-.*.
"Weather for To-Day r s Race.
"It is not customary for Jockey Club of
ficials to discuss the details of evidence,
but in order that our American friends
may not f.eel that Reiff has been harshly
or unjustly treated, I may say that his
riding of De Lacey was as palpable and
barefaced an instance of not trying to
win as ever I saw in all my experience-
With all respect for Mr. Huggins' opinion,
we were not dealing with Reiff on what he
did at the. turn into the straight, but on
what he did at the finish. Regard for Mr
Whitney would prevent the stewards of
the Jockey Club from arriving at any de
cision not supported by the strongest evi
dence. Lester Relff received a salary of
£5000 a year, yet he certainly did not try
to win that little race for Mr. Whitney "
LONDON, Oct. 3.-Lord Marcus Beres
ford, one j of the stewards of the Jockey
Club, who sentenced Lester Relff, said to
day:
Lord Beresford on ReifC Case.
LOXDON, Oct. 4. — "We learn on very
high authority," says the Dally Chroni
cle this morning, "that a sudden and com
plete collapse oi the Boer resistance and
the speedy termination of the war in
South Africa are anticipated. The at
tacks on Forts Itala and Moedwill -.' and
other recent engagements are regarded
as the last desperate efforts of men who
are wearied by the struggle and tired of
being hunted.
"Therefore, beyond sending drafts to
compensate for losses by casualties and
disease there 1b' no Intention to dispatch
further reinforcements or to employ In
dian troops, as rumored, for guarding the
lines of communication."
Commenting editorially upon this infor
mation the Daily Chronicle, while admit
ting that there Is much to be said for
"the sanguine view taken by the War Of
fice." reminds the Government of pre
vious miscalculations, and warns the Min
isters that It is their duty no longer to
trade on chances, but to make success,
humanely speaiting, certain.
"Whalen, p 0 0 0 0 0 0 0
Totals ;...38 6 13 2 27 10 3
RUNS AND HITS BT INNINGS.
Sacramento 0 00020300—5
Base hits 0 2 0 14 0 3 0 1—11
San Francisco 2 0000000 4—6
Base hits 4 112 0 0 10 4—13
SUMMARY.
Runs reaponsblle for— Krug 5, McNeely 4.
Home runs— Schwartz. Krug. Three-base hit—
.Brockhoff. Two-base hits — Doyle, Wilson 2.
First base on errors— Sacramento 2, San Fran
cisco 1. First base on balls— Oft McNeely 1, off
Krug 3, oC Whalen 1. Left- on bases—Sacra
mento 11, San Francisco 6. Struck 'out— By
McNeely 2. by Krujr 4. Hit by pitcher— Stan-
Icy. Double plays — Devereaux to Davis to Sul
livan; Sheehan to Sullivan. Wild pitch — Krug
Tim« of game— 1:55. Umpire— Harper. Scorer-
Rutherford.
Well informed people In Constantinople
doubt that the release of Miss Stone and
her comsanion will be effected by the
payment of a ransom. The Ottoman Gov
ernment would have difficulty in finding
the amount demanded, while the mission
aries point out that the American Board
of Foreign Missions has made a practice
of refusing to pay ransoms, on the ground
that it would, create a precedent and bo
fatal to mission enterprise elsewhere
LONDON, Oct. 4.-"The United States
Government is determined to exact full
revenge upon every one concerned," says
the Constantinople correspondent of the
Daily Telegraph, "and if anything hap
pens to Miss Stone it will not hesitate to
ask permission to bring a fleet through
the Dardanelles to get at Bulgarian ports
or. the Black Sea and to force the Bul
garian Government to act against the
Macedonian committee." - ~
CONSTANTINOPLE, Oct. 3.— American
representatives have secured evidence
proving the complicity of members of the
Macedonia committee at Sofia in the kid
naping of the American missionary. Miss
Helen Stone, and her companion, Ma
dame Tsllka, and the assurances given
by the Bulgarian Government relative to
the measures to be taken against the ab
ductors show that the gravity of the af
fair is appreciated at Sofia. The depar
ture of the United States Consul General
at Constantinople, CM. Dickinson, for
the Bulgarian capital Is expected to result
In increased activity.
Mellow vs. Martha "Washington; DayUsht
¦vs. California; Lyddite vs. Little Lncy; Gray
Cloud vs. Querita Vincent; Black Cloud vs.
Scottish Chief; Silent Treasure vs. Golden
Russet; The Exile vs. Night Time; Naughty
Girl vs. .Dorothy M; Courage vs. Babadin;
"Vagrant vs. Greyfeld: Sweet Favordale vs.
The Grafter; Mount Ida vs. Warrior; Precita
Maid vs. St. Leger; The Fenian vs. Onwnrd"
Benicia Boy vs. My Bonnie Kinsr; LHy "Wright
vs. Sir Lawrence; Tar o' Hill vs. Dorothy
Belle; Claibourne vs. Toss: Yellow Tail vs.
"Welcome; Annie Colman vs. Sweetness; Mel
rose Boy vs. Bowery Boy; "Wandering Tom
vs. Toronto; Daisy Lawrence vs. Granuvilla;
Little Dorrit vs. Tammany.
On and after October 1 forty-eight dog stake.
List of Dogs Drawn f op Sunday's
Racing, October 6.
MELROSE COURSING PARK.
ALL REAL INTEREST GONE.
English. Press Congratulates America
on Having the Better Boat.
LONDON, Oct. 4.— For Britishers all real in
terest has now dropped from the international
yacht races. Their only desire Is to get the
matter ended. "If we are to be thrashed
again," says the Daily Chronicle, "we had
rather take our gruel at once with all the
good humor at command."
In short, the editorials published this morn
ing do not make the slightest attempt to ex
plain the defeat. They frankly admit that the
Shamrock II was beaten in her own weather
and under conditions most favorable to her
and they congratulate America on being pos
sescod of the better boat.
i "As a matter of fact," remarks the Dally
Graphic, V on none of the former • occasions
when the boats have met has the Shamrock
II ever been so far in front of the Columbia
as to have her time allowance in hand."
The Daily Mail says: "The Columbia has
demonstrated her superiority on all points of
sailing."
The Standard says: "Apparently there was
nothing to choose between the contesting cap
tains and men in point of Judgment and smart,
ness. Therefore the result was decided solely
by the Intrinsic capacity of yachts. The Sham
rock is a very fine boat, but not quite enough
for the defender. Tet the Interval between them
was not great enough for despair."
LONDON, Oct. 3— The extent of Great
Britain's disappointment at the defeat to-day
of the Shamrock II can be thoroughly appre
ciated only by those who saw the thousands of
spectators lining the embankment. Almost to
a man they were expectant of victory. The
early editions of the afternoon newspapers an
nouncing that it was the Shamrock's weather
had keyed up hopes here almost to a pitch of
?£ * a ,1. ty and many pe °P le entertained the idea
that, the depression over South African affairs
might be relieved by a victory of the Sham
rock II.
The latter* s lead in the early part of the
race so strengthened this impression that Lon
don threatened a repetition of Mafeklng night,
ihe crowds greeted the green lights on the
towers and on the launches which paraded the
Thames with wild delight.
But Columbia's red slowly crept up and
motor cars with megaphones dashed up and
down the embankment proclaiming Columbia's
lead. The yachts in the Thames reversed the
position of their lights and those on the signal
towers were changed. : The crowds stood await
ing the final messages. America's cup dinners
were advertised at the embankment hotels and
overlooking the river many fashionable people
dined, watching the moving lights until red
from all sides was flashed out.
"Columbia wins!" was shouted through the
hotel corridors, and the throngs dispersed.
Vast Throngs Had Expected the
Shamrock to Be Victorious.
britaups disappointment.
NEW YORK. Oct. 3.— Previous to th»
meeting to-night of the Democratic City
Convention the executive committee of
Tammany Hall held a meeting and rati
fied the action of the city committee in
selecting Edward M. Shepard. William J.
Ladd Jr. and Judge George M. Van Hoe
sen as the party candidates for Mayor.
Comptroller and president of the Board
of Aldermen, respectively.
The convention met to-night In the
Grand Central Palace, with George B.
McClellan as chairman. Croker was given
an ovation in the convention hall.
On taking the chair McClellan praised
Mayor Van Wyck; said the party had no
apologies to offer; declared partisanship
could not be divorced from municipal gov
ernment; asserted that on the success of
this campaign depended the election of a
Democratic Governor and a Democratic
President, and attacked so-called reform.
In the preamble and resolutions the con
vention placed upon record its abhorrence
of the crime by -which President McKln
ley was stricken down and its "detesta
tion of the disgraceful and outrageous at
tack upon our institutions and our civil
ization and its respectful and sincere sym
pathy with the bereaved family."
When Assistant District Attorney Lit
tleton of Brooklyn placed the name of
Edward M. Shepard before the conven
tion as the candidate for Mayor cheers
for Bird S. Coler came from the gallery
and some of the delegates. The Brooklyn,
delegation was especially vehement for
Coler. The Shepard nominating speeches
were Interrupted and the roll call waa
perforce abandoned.
Chairman McClellan finally announced
the nomination of Shepard and many del
egates arose and left the hall.
William J. Ladd Jr. was then made the
nominee for Comptroller and Judge
George "Van Hoesen for president of tha
Board of Aldermen.
Object to the Executive Com
mittee Selecting Nominee
for Mayor.
Many Democrats With
draw From the New
York Convention.
With the wind forward on the port beam and
with a tiny Jib topsail set on the Shamrock
.and a much larger and better pulling sail on
the Columbia, the boats started out on the
first leg of the triangle. During the first few
minutes it was impossible to say whether the
Columbia was gaining or not. In the gusts
of wind she seemed to heel over less than the
challenger and also appeared to steer a slight
ly higher course. The wind, though heading
true from north-horthwest, varied in violence.
Occasionally a heavy squall would strike one
of the racers, causing her to heel, but taking
the mean of the puffs, neither could be said
to have been favored. It soon became appar
ent that the race was to be sailed in very
quick time. The gain of the Columbia, which
the . turn of the first mark proved she had
made, was almost imperceptible. Toward the
mark the wind had changed. The Columbia
with a lesser sail spread seemed to stand
stiffer than her rival, but there was little to
choose between them. They smothered along
toward the mark and when they rounded it the
Columbia had gained only twenty-two seconds..
The gybe on both craft was well done. Under
the same sail as they started, they both stood
for the second mark. The wind piped stronger
and in the strongest of the puffs the Shamrock
had to luff a little to ease her to the force of
the breeze. The Columbia, on the contrary,
was allowed to feel the full power of every
squall, never being eased, and it was this that
helped her ahead. In spite of the larger sail
spread of her antagonist she was never left
behind, but kept top with the challenger. It
became apparent at the time that the Colum
bia had sailed over one-half of the second leg
that she had saved her time and was, barring
accidents, a winner.
Her skipper, instead of nursing her through
the squalls, let her feel the strength of them,
while the Shamrock's larger spread of sail
caused her to make imperative luffs or else
carry away something. In a reaching breeze
closer, and finer sailing perhaps was never seen.
There were frequent occasions when the col-
The yachts heeled to a scupper breeze when
the preparatory gun was fired at 10:45. The Co
lumbia far to the eastward stood down be
fore the wind for the line; meanwhile the
Shamrock was circling around the lightship.
Before the warning ' gun was fired, ten min
utes after the preparatory signal, Columbia
was ahead and, not wanting to cross the line
too early, luffed up with her headsall, shak
ing until she almost stood still. This put the
Shamrock in the better position, < and wearing
close around, she crossed the line almost at the
gun. while the Columbia elected to cross con
siderably more than one minute behind. Many
experts thought that the Columbia would be
handicapped, but Barr was on the alert and
sent her acros3 the line in time to save him
self.
NEW YORK, Oct. 3.— The tow-out of the
racers from their anchorage to the starting line
was devoid of interest. There was no hea\y
swell to cause skippers anxiety about their bob
stays. Thus it was that the .Shamrock' set
the largest of her club topsails, ; and nothing
daunted, the Columbia followed suit. When
the preparatory gun was fired It waa clearly
evident that the Columbia cared little for the
start, which was made to leeward on a close
reach, the triangular course offering no bene
fit to the craft ¦ first away. There was no
true battle for position.
The committee boat Navigator dropped anchor
in her usual place south of the lightship, at
10:30, and at that time both yachts, in tow
under bare poles, headed up in the wind and
hoisted their mainsails. Their headsails were
already in stops. The Shamrock was first to
cast loose from her tug and a moment later
her headsails were broken out from their stops
and she made a clean run for the lightship.
The Columbia, which had been hugging the
easterly end of the line, eased off sheeta and
stood for the mark. Signals were hoistea from
the committee boat that the course would be
triangular, which meant that there would be
two close reaches and one dead beat to wind
ward for home.
But the Columbia Outsails the Chal
lenger in the Great Race.
SHAMROCK OFF IN I/EAD.
"The great surprise to me was the
wonderful windward work of the Colum
bia. I was sure the Shamrock would be
Mr. Morgan said the combination of
Jameson and Sycamore was a hard on© to
beat. ¦ _-
Captain Barr said:
"We won the race against a very
powerful adversary."
Captain Sycamore of ¦ the Shamrock
simply said: • ¦ .
"We did our best, and were fairly beaten
by a better boat."
Captain Bob Wringe, who sailed the
Shamrock I in her race against the
Columbia in 1S99, said:
Edwin D. Morgan, the Columbia's man
ager, when seen on board the Park City
after the race, said:
"We won against an excellent foe. I
always thought such a day as this would
be a Columbia day. Both boats were
superbly handled. We have now two races
against the Shamrock sailed in what was
supposed to be Shamrock weather. There
was no reason why the Shamrock should
not win, and, therefore, I believe the
Columbia is the best racing yacht in the
world." • •
Best Racer in the World.
Sir Thomas said that what he was most
disappointed about was the defeat of the
Shamrock in the windward work.
"We were all so sure she would do well
in that, and in such a breeze, but she
seemed to 'pound* too much."
He added that there would be no
changes in the trim or the sails of the
Shamrock.
"I am very much disappointed at the
result," added Sir Thomas, "and the only
consolation is that I know I have been
licked by a good, honorable opponent. 1
know that the wind was true and that the
Columbia won without any flukes."
When asked by a visiting yachtsman if
he felt despondent, Sir Thomas replied
pluckily:
"As long as the Shamrock flag flies
there is just as much fight in me, and
until I am beaten In the third race I am
just as hopeful."
Speaking of Designer Watson, Sir
Thomas said: -
"I feeL very much for Mr. Watson. He
has done his best, and if he does not
succeed it is simply because he has a
more able man to meet on this side In
Mr. Herreshoff. He has worked hard for
two years on this boat and he has
neglected nothing that he thought would
helj) her."
"1 admit frankly that I got licked by
the best boat, in a fair and square race,
and I maintain and believe that there la
not a better skipper afloat than Captain
Sycamore, nor a better crew than mine.
1 have as much esteem for my captain
and crew as when 1 came to this side, but
they can't do impossibilities. They took
as much out of the boat as could b»
taken.
Sir Thomas Lipton, although plainly'de
pressed at the result, stood bravely at
the gangway of the Krin and bade cordial
adieu to his guests. He also entertained
a large party of yachtsmen and ladies
who visited the Erin after the day's
guests had departed.
When asked what he thought of the
race he said:
Lipton. Is Still Hopeful.
The rival crews cheered each other as
they were towed home behind their,
tenders, escorted by the whole excursion
fleet.
Within a half hour : after the conclusion
of the race the committee boat, in accord-,
anoe with the agreement to race dally
from now on, set the' signal for a race to
morrow. ¦ .
pion, But, like a good, game sportsman,
after the Columbia went over the line, he
ran the American flag up to the forepeak
and fired a salute in its honor.
KIDNAPING CASE
MAY CAUSE WAR
Sir Thomas Lipton on the Erin did not
approach -within half a mile of the finish
line. He had seen his high hopes blasted
and probably did not care to be in at the
jubilation over the defeat of his cham-
In five minutes after rounding the sec
ond mark It was apparent that the Colum
bia was footing faster and pointing
higher. She went through Shamrock's lee
like' a quarter-horse. The rush of the
leviathians on the final tack was magnifi
cent. The excursion • boats, black with
people from gunwale to pilot-house, gath
ered about the finish in a great horseshoe.
The great white flyer came on well in the
lead. The patriotic skippers with their
hands on their whistle-cords, could hardly
restrain themselves. As she swept across
the finish the din was soul-destroying.
Whistles split the air and steam sirens
wailed, drowning the crash of the bands
and the cheers of the people. The concert
of sound was terrific. Until after the gal
lant Shamrock, beaten, but not disgraced,
crossed a minute* and eighteen seconds
later, whistles and sirens were kept go
ing. When they died away the bands
could be heard playing "Columbia, the
Gem of the Ocean," "Yankee Doodle" and
other patriotic airs.
The steam yacht Corsair was the first
to signalize the American victory by set
ting the starry banner at her masthead.
By this time all the skippers had had
ample time to ransack their lockers, and
within a minute afterward every vessel
in the fleet was alive with American flags.
Leaving the first mark on the starboard
the racers gybed over the big booms and
went careening for the second mark, the
Columbia gaining slowly but surely. They
had covered the first ten miles in a little
over fifty minutes. When they swung
around the second stake they took in their
baby Jib topsails and hauled their wind,
for the beat home. Both yachts heeled'
until their underbodies were lifted high
out of the water and their lee rails dipped
a foot into the swirling billows.
Columbia Foots Faster.
there was no windward berth in a reach
where the boats could lay their course
straight for the mark, and that the posi
tion astern, where Barr could keep his
eye on every move of his rival, was the
commanding one.
He could watch Sycamore like a hawk,
knowing that when the gap between them
was closed the race was his. For the first
fifteen miles no human eye could tell
which boat, if either, was gaining, so
closely were they matched. But gradu
ally^it became apparent that the Colum
bia was overhauling th».flying challenger.
Slowly, inch by inch and loot by foot, the
white boat gained. Both were going at
a terrific pace. The patrol fleet to wind
ward, steaming line ahead at intervals
of 400 yards, had no difficulty in keeping
the excursion fleet clear of the winged
giants. Everything in the fleet had to
crowd on steam to keep the racers in
sight and the gait at which they were
going left tugs and some of the steam
boats astern. The guide boat, which
started fifteen minutes before the racers,
dug out at full speed, but she- was hardly
able to log off the distance and get the
float overboard before the racers ¦ were
upon her. While going out, the North
German Lloyd liner Deutschland, outward
bound to Cherbourg, went through the
edge of the excursion craft a half mile to
the southward. The fleet seemed
anchored, so fast she went, looking like
a big, swiftly moving summer hotel. In
twenty minutes she was hull-down on the
horizon.
As the yachts approached the outer
mark a stream of signal flags were set on
the revenue cutter Gresham, the flagship
of the patrol fleet, instructing them in the
universal language of the sea to change
direction by the right flank. The patrol
boats swung around to line of west and
charged down upon the excursion fleet.
The latter, with bells clanging in the en
gine rooms for more speed, turned tail
and the whole fleet rushed madly to lee
ward of the last leg of the course.
able to outsail her in that breeze, but she
did not."
TAMMANY RULE
PROVOKES STORM
BOER COLLAPSE
NOW PREDICTED
The Yankee victory began with the
start, when the crafty Earr, by a system
of maneuvering, convinced his adversary
that he was trying to cross the line first.
Captain Sycamore promptly took the bait
and rushing his boat into position sent
her away almost in the smoke of the gun.
Thereupon Captain Barr, having accomp
lished his purpose, tacked about back of
the .line and held off for more than a min
ute. Then, with a flying- start, he went
over just before the handicap gun was
fired. Some of the patriots were disap
pointed until the experts explained that
Victory "With, the Start.
Reaching for the first mark, ten miles
down the Long Island shore, with the
wind abaft the beam, she gained twenty
two seconds. In the closer reach for the
second stake she gained thirty seconds,
and in the thrash to windward on the leg
home she gained exactly two minutes.
Not perhaps as thrilling as the remark
able contest of last Saturday, to-day's
race was, nevertheless, stirring from start
to finish, and as a marine spectacle it
could hardly have be£n surpassed. It was
an Ideal October day at sea* There was
just enough frostiness to clear the atmos
phere and make the whole course visible
from shore. The breeze from the land
piled up little swells, but it was strong
enough to whip the froth out of the rac
ing waves until it whitened the face of
the sea. Its claws caught the black
smoke from the stacks of the excursion
fleet and the wiiite steam from their ex
haust pipes and tore them into fragments.
The ensigns and flags with which the ves
sels were dressed stood out like painted
boards. The tail, canvas-clouded racers
heeled as the wind smote them until their
crews could with difficulty keep their
footing on the slippery, sloping decks, and
the spurting spray was tossed thirty feet
high as they shook their lean noses free
from the foaming crests. On the thrash
to windward their decks were a smother
of white, and fountains of foam circled
away from their graceful bows. •
The wind to-day was strong- and true,
blowing about eighteen, knots from the
northwest, and at every point of. sailing,
except perhaps running- before the wind,
in which the defender has already "taken
the measure of the challenger, the.Yan
kee sloop proved herself abler than the
Watson model. From the time she crossed
the starting line, one minute and thirty
four seconds behind the mug-hunter, until
she picked up and passed the Ir4sh boat,
three miles after rounding the second
mark, the Columbia's pace was faster and
she behaved becter than her rival.
Wind Is Strong and True.
the foaming seas, Herreshoff's
white wonder, the Columbia, to-day beat
Watson's British creation, the Shamrock
II, over a triangular course of thirty
miles by two minutes and flf ty-two sec
onds, actual time. With the forty-three
seconds which the Irish sloop must allow
the t American boat on account of her
larger sail plan the Columbia won the
second race of the series by three min
utes and thir^-flve seconds.
The fastest race ever sailed in a cup
contest, it was noX only a royal struggle
from a spectacular point of view, but it
was absolutely decisive as to the merits
of the two racing- machines. There is not
a yachting sharp who witnessed the race
to-day who is not firmly convinced that
the defender is the abler boat, blow high
or blow low, beating, reaching or running,
and that Sir Thomas and hia merry Brit
ish tars are doomed to return home emp
ty-handed.
Again the ancient piece of silver, which
was brought noross the western ocean
fifty years ago, Is safe. ' Again American
supremacy in marine architecture has
been vindicated. Sir Thomas has been
wishing for a breeze that would bury the
Shamrock'3 lee rail, and to-day he had it,
just as h«i hai a similar breeze in the
concluding race two years ago, when the
Columbia in a driving rinish beat the first
Shamrock over six minutes.
NEW YORK. Oct. 3.— in a glorious
whole-sail breeze, which heeled
the big cup contestants down un
til their lee rails were awash in
lapse of a topmast seemed almost due. But
everything hung: on.
Now the second mark was in Bight' and at
12:4a jib topsails were doused on both yachts
and they luffed around it, the Shamrock in the
lead, but the watch showing the Columbia' 9
gain on this leg to be thirty seconds.
It was now a dead beat to windward to the
nnish line. The Columbia was now the leading
craft from the mathematical point of view.
She bad gained en both legs and also had her
time allowance of forty-three seconds to help
« r- u T. hus - lf she could hold her own to the
nnish line Jhe race was hers. In rounding the
mark the boats split tacks, the Slmmrock
standing on the starboard tack for & few hun
dred yards. The Columbia went on the port
tack for a while and then at 1:06 both were on
? k C starooard tack. Then began a splendid
thrash to windward. The Columbia outpointed
tne Shamrock, but the challenger seemed to be
going a little faster. At 1:15 the Columbia ran
;iT e Jt streak of "shining through the lee of
tne tehamrock. luffed out across her bow and for
the first time in the race she was leading and
the windward boat. At 1:20 both yachts went
on the port tack, standing toward the Long
Island shore. There was little or no difference
between them in this board. At 1:57 both boats
went on the starboard tack for the finish line.
I, t n £ ame i he bl SS e "t P^ of all. The Sham
rock had three or four streaks of the deck
?«h *T wat « r - but ran r^ks, hoping to dimln
1?JL C 2 efeat or even to wln - Bu * It was in
? ;-. , e ma(J e up a lot of her leeway, but
the Columbia crossed the line a winner and to
British Yachtsmen Candidly Confess That They Are Fairly Beaten
by the Better Boat* Now Declared the Fastest in the World*
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, OCTOBER 4, 1901.
OFFICIAL LOG Or SECOND RACE BETWEEN SHAMROCK AND COLUMBIA FOR THE AMERICA'S CUT.
Start — First mark—r Second mark— Finish — • Elapsed time — Corrected time —
Shamrock 11:00:13 Shamrock 11:51:10 Shamrock . . .' 12:45:57 Shamrock ....." 2:16:23 Shamrock 3:16:10 Shamrock 3:16:10
Columbia 11:01:4/ Columbia 11:52:22 Columbia . \ . 12:46:30 Columbia . 2:15:05 . Columbia .... 3:13:18 Columbia 3 :I - : 35
Course — Triangular. First leg — East, half south, ten miles. Second leg— Southwest, half south, ten miles. Third leg — Northeast, ten miles to finish. Weather — Fresh breeze from north-northwest, which remained true and
maintained its strength throughout the day. *"
IN WONDERFUL WINDWARD WORK THE COLUMBIA 'EASILY WINS
FROM SIR THOMAS LIPTON'S CHALLENGER IN "SHAMROCK WEATHER"
SACRAMENTO, Oct. 3.— The game was
•won by San Francisco this afternoon in
the greatest batting rally ever seen on the
local diamond. In the ninth inning, with
the score 5 to 2 In favor of Sacramento,
Schwartz went to bat. The second ball
pitched Schwartz knocked over the fence
for a home run. Krug knocked one over
the fence for a home run. Brockhoft
made a three-bagg-er and Wilson a two
bagger. Four runs were tallied. The
score:
SACRAMENTO.
AB. K. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Devereaux. g. s 3 l 0 0 3 6 1
Shechan, Sb 3 2 2 0 12 0
Courtney, cf S 0 1 0 4 0 1
Doyle, rf. 5 0 2 0 0 0 0
McLauphlin. If 4 0 1 1 2 0 0 !
Davis. 2b 5 0 2 14 3 0!
Stanley, c 4 0 0 13 3 0
Sullivan, lb 4 0 l o 10 0 n
McNeely, p 3 2 2 0 0 10
Totals 88 5 11 3 27 15 "l
BAN FRANCISCO.
AB. It. BH. SB. PO. A- E
Nordyke, rf. 4 3 10 10 0
Wilson, c SI 2 0 7 0 0
Hlldebrandt. If, .... 6 0 2 0 4 0 0
Schwartz, 2b 4 1 1 0 4 6 o
P&bst. Ib 4 0 2 0 6 0 0
Krug. p. 4 1 S 1 0.1 o
Shay. e. s 4 0 112 0 1
R^illy. Sb 4 1 0 0 3 S 1
Brockhoff, cf 4 1 1 0 0 11
8
t ****** ****** ****** ****** ****** ****** •I-I-l-l-I-I- ***** .H..i..H..M..ro.T. .m.*.;..;..;. .h-h-M- ****** •>m»i-i»i- 1 1 1 H-I- -i-m-m-* -H-*!-!- -i-r.-r.-h
* J^-T-T--T-I : it i m i t t t t i 1 1 1 i r-r-T- ; t t m t t- -t— t— t-t— t--t- -t ttttt tttttt t h i 1111:1 i77iii mi iTBT
*!?C*» 4 <\ ''Si!
3'ji. ¦ . ¦ 1 . i ...ax
*''-? JHBLHHr ¦ I? !¦•.
*"•* £2i • • 7 bBBttL j8m8t1 mJB+^™- JpSHl jbs _^£3S9^ fifiSHL. jhsh Hb^^bv_ Jhha .j&=9L jS^nbV. - ffK3* JS^n issmi * \ * * * ss
ill imt
*J? • v I - iS?
*i:% a •t.l^.to • I 122
If . .. '. ./. I PI
{it I • .. liji
til ,.,OF..e • 3|
•jl;: 1 E$6&ins in Sunclziy CzuJL October 13tli ••!••
j^HmBBji repeat. They don't jam, catch, or fail to extract. In a
|y ) "4^ word, they are the only reliable repeaters. Winchester
gfil" '^V^fe^W^^I r '^ es are ma de in all desirable calibers, weights, and
Kf&rV 1^- / EB£&$ls2&{i*2 st y^ es > an{ * are plain, partially or elaborately orna-
EW4 f:BB&mttSft mentet *' suiting every purpose, every pocketbook, and
Wfinchesfer Ammunition
{l^Sv^K^^w^usI * s mat * e *° r *H kinds of shooting in all kinds of guns.
Sili2'jf : ffi2^Z 'Hyt fS FREE — Send name and address on postal for our 164-page catalogue.
lgfgyg*?^"^gi\v?O? WIHPUFQTCP DPDCflTIWfi flRMQ PR 418-420 Market St.,
iBg^££sgg£^J^ffi{ WmunCOlCn KtrtHlljtU HnitiO bU., San Francisco, Cgl.DISABLED STEAMSHIP GEORGE LOOMIS BEING TOWED BACK TO PORT BY THE TUG DEFIANCE. THE
LOOMIS LEFT HERE FOR VENTURA YESTERDAY MORNING, BUT BROKE HER SHAFT AND LOST HER
PROPELLER WHEN OFF POINT SAN PEDRO.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low- waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide is the- same at both places.
FRIDAY. OCTOBER 4.
Sun rises 6:07
Bun sets 5:oO
Moon rises (third quarter) 11:21 p. m.
lTlme Time Time Time
Date Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
IHW LW HW LW
4 '.. 5:19 4.7 10:05 3.2 4:04 .6.4 11:14 0.0
5 ... 6:27 4.7 11:29 3.2 5:16 5.1
L W H W L W H W
6 .. 0:19 0.1 7:25 6.0 12:46 2.T 6:35 5.0
7 .. 1:15 0.3 8:15 6.2 1:51 2.3 7:46 6.0
8 .. 2:06 0.5 8:56 6.3 2:44 1.8 8:50 5.0
9 ... 2:56 0.8 9:36 5.5 8:31 1.4 9:47 5.0
10 ... 3:36 1.1 10:10 5.5 4:12 1.0 10:39 4.9
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of tho
day In the order of occurrence as to time; the
fourth time column gives the last tide of the'
day, except when there are but three tides, as
sometimes occurs. The heights given are in
addition to the soundings on the United States
Coast Survey Charts, except when a minus ( — )
Blgn precedes the height, and then the number
given Is subtracted from the depth given by
the charts. The plane of reference Is the mean
of the lower low waters.
Steamer Movements.
A Telegram From Lake Tahoe.
No. 25, H. B-X. 4 p. m. Lake Tahoe,
Oct. 3, 1901. Co. Wire. T. H. G. S. F.
Weather - clear, beautiful; temperature
65. Duck shooting never better. All con
ditions for Saturday's excursion most fa
vorable. ¦ D. L,. BLISS.
Newburg, from San Pedro; Btmr Coqullle
River, from Fort Bragg.
Sailed Oct 3— Stmr Newbure, for San Fran-
PORT TOWNSEND— Sailed Oct 3— Bark Eu-
f U3 E Wood, for Sydney. .
SEATTLE— Sailed Oct 3— Stmr Shelikoff, for
San Francisco.
SEATTLE— Arrived Oct 2— Jap stmr Kaga
Maru. from Yokohama.
EUREKA— Arrived Oct S— Stmr Signal, hence
Oct 3 ; stmr North Fork, hence Oct 2.
Sailed Oct 3— Stmr Eureka and schr Ame
thyst, for San Francisco: schr Allen A, for
Redondo. Lauched Oct 3— Schr Georeina.
POINT LOBOS— Passed Oct 3— Stmr Ruth,
from Eureka for San Pedro.
GRAYS HARBOR— Sailed Oct 3— Schr Chas
Hanson, for San Francisco.
SAN DIEGO— Arrived Oct 2— Schr Azalea, fm
Eureka.
Sailed Oct 2— U S S Alert, cruise.
FOREIGN PORTS.
AUCKLAND— Arrived Oct 1— Stmr Ventura,
hence Sept 12.
WIGHT— Passed Oct 3— Ger ship Osorno, ha
ANTWERP— Arrived Oct 2— Br ship Dovenby
H SHIEl3jI— Arrived Oct 2— Br bark Ruthwell,
from Oregon. . •
GEENOCK— Arrived Oct 3— Ger ship Roland,
, "nanAIMO- Arrived Oct 2— Nor stmr Tltania.
bailed Oct 2— Stmr Mineola. for San Fran-
C DEAL— Passed Oct 2— Br bark Inverlyon, fm
Shields, for San Francisco. . J r
QUEENSTOWN— Arrived Oct 2— Br bark In
vergarry, hence May 30.
PRAWLB POINT— Passed Oct 1— Ger bark
Antigone, from Hamburg for Santa Rosalia.
HAMBURG— Sailed Sept. 20— Ger bark Anti
gone, for Santa Rosalia,
QUEENSTOWN— Sailed Oct 2— Br ship Coun
ty of Pembroke, for .
CUXHAVEN— Arrived Seot 30— Ger ship Ne
relde, from Tacoma. _
HONGKONG— Arrived prior to Oct 2— Br
Btmr Queen Adelaide, from Tacoma.
HULL— Arrived Oct 2— Br ship Vanduara, ho
K^NSAL^— Passed Oct 1— Fr bark Francois,
hence May 26 for Queenstown, and ordered to
IPSWlch. octanstbamers;.
NEW TORK— Sailed Oct S— Stmr Deutsch
land, for Hamburg via Plymouth and Cher
bourg; stmr Grosser Kurfurst, for Bremen;
stmr La Champagne, for Havre. ..
LIVERPOOL— Arrived Oct 8— Stmr Common
wealth, from Boston. .. •
ROTTERDAM— Arrived Oct 2-rStmr Kln
tuck, from Tacoma via St Vincent, C V.
QUEENSTOWN— Sailed Oct 3— Stmr Belgen
land, from Liverpool for Philadelphia.
HAVRE— Arrvied Oct 3— Stmr L'Aqultalne,
from New York. " • _
AUCKLAND — Arrived Oct 3, 7 p m— Stmr
Ventura, from San Francisco via Honolulu and
Apia for Sydney, NSW.
< LIVERPOOL-Sailed Oct 3— Stmr Dominion,
for Portland. • Me. i»- • • ¦
ROTTERDAM— Sailed Oct 3— Stmr Staten
dam. for New York via' Boulogne.
The marital infelicities of the Ledewigs
were under discussion in Judge Seawell'a
court yesterday afternoon, and It required
several hours f cr the witnesses summoned
by Ledewig, who is suing for divorce on
.the ground, of cruelty, to tell what they
knew of Mrs. I.edewlg^s behavior on the
14th and 15th of May at, the office of the
real estate firm of Bovee.Toy. & Sonntag,
where Lcdewig is employed as manager.
The suit is the result of the alleged bad
behavior of Mrs. Ledewig at the office
where her husband is employed last May.
H. P. Sonntag, Mark E. Lewis and G. D.
Toy, members of the firm, testified that
on the 14th and 15th of May, 1901, Mrs.
Ledewig came to the office and proceeded
to make -things decidedly uncomfortable
for her spouse and Miss Emma Ransome,
the stenographer, the young lady whom
she accuses of accompanying Ledewig to
French dinners and theaters.
On May 14, the witnesses testified. Mrs.
Ledewig- entered the office of the firm at
624 Market street, slapped Miss Ransome s
face, called her a "chippy" and threatened
to "fix" her. . . '
The witnesses also testified that she
called -her husband a "yellow dog" and
used very vulgar language, all of which
was corroborated by the clerks and col
lectors employed in the office.
The slapping evidently did not affect
Miss Ransome's appetite, for Mr. Lewis
told how she told him she was hungry,
and he escorted her to lunch "to protect
her from Mrs. Ledewig."
The same witnesses described the be
havior of Mrs. Ledewig the next day,
when, they said, she came to the office
shortly after 5 o'clock and by her vicious
manner caused them such fear that they
summoned a policeman. '
Mrs. Ledewig. continued the witnesses,
wore a short cape at that time, and when
the officer searched her he found a raw
hide whip concealed underneath it. The
Vv'hip was taken care of by Mr. Toy, who
brought it to the court to show that Mrs.
Ledewig meant business.
Frank Sexton, a roomer at the Ledewig
home, told how he followed Ledewig one
night because Ledewig's wife's sister was
interested, and. when asked by Attorney
Linforth if he was acting as private de
tective he replied, "You can call it that if
y The entire afternoon was devoted to
this sort of testimony, and the case was
continued until Monday at 2 p. m.
Members of Real Estate Firm
Tell of Their Manager's
Difficulties.
Wife Admits Striking
Husband When He
Used Violence.
LEDEWIGS AIR
THEIR TROUBLES
. . TO ARRIVE.
Steamer. From. I Due.
Aberdeen Humboldt Oct. 4
Arcata Coos Bay Oct. 4
Asuncion Seattle Oct. 4
Kvarven Portland • Oct. 4
Point Arena... Point Arena Oct. 4
Urnatllla Puget Sound Ports Oct. 4
Mandalay Coqullle River Oct. 4
Eureka Humboldt , Oct. 4
Matteawan Tacoma Oct. 6
Argyll New York via Panama Oct. 6
San Pedro Humboldt Oct. 5
Empire Coos Bay Oct. 5
Mackinaw Tacoma ................. Oct. 6
Czarina Seattle and Tacoma.... Oct. 6
Mineola Nanaimo Oct. 6
Edith Seattle , Oct. 7
G. W. Elder... Portland & Astoria Oct. 7
Pomona Humboldt Oct. 7
Acapulco Panama & Way Ports Oct. 7
North Fork.... Humboldt Oct. S
Coptic China and Japan Oct. 8
Corona Redondo & Way Ports Oct. 8
Marlposa Honolulu Oct. 9
CltyotPuebla Puget Sound Ports. .,.. Oct. 9
Tltania Nanaimo Oct. 9
Santa Rosa San Diego & Way Pts. Oct. 10
Arequipa Valparaiso & Way Pts. Oct. 12
TO SAIL.
Steamer. Destination. Sails. Pier.
October 4.
Pomona.....* Humboldt 1:30 p Pier 9
October 5.
Aberdeen...., Grays Harbor Pier —
Arcata. Coos Bay & Pt Orf 4 pm Pier 13
Peru China & Japan 1 pm PMSS
Columbia Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
Newburgr..... Grays Harbor 6 pm Pier 2
October 6.
Kureka Humboldt 6 am Pier 13
Santa Rosa.., San Diego & Way 9 am Pier 11
October 7.
Point Arena.. Point 'Arena 2 pm Pier 2
Mandalay.,.. Coqullle River .... — pm Pier -*
October 8.
Empire Coos Bay 12 m Pier 13
Memphis Hamburg & Way. ....... Pier 27
City Sydney.. Panama & Way Pts 13 in PMSS
UmatlUa Puget Sound Ports 11 am Pier 9
. October 9.
Curacao Mexican Ports .... 10 am Pier 11
Ban Pedro.... Humboldt 10 am Pier 2
October 10.
G. W. Elder.. Astoria & Portland 11- am Pier 24
Corona Redondo & -Way.. 9 am Pier 11
' FROM SEATTLE.
Steamer. From. Due.
City of Topeka Skaguay & Way Ports. Oct. 5
Farallon Skaguay & Way Ports. Oct. 5
Dolphin Skaguay & Way Ports. Oct. 6
City of Seattle. Skaguay & Way Ports. Oct. 3
Bertha Valdez and Kodlak Oct. 10
Al-Ki Skaguay & Way Ports. Oct. 10
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED. :fi,
Thursday, Octoter 3.
Stmr Santa Rosa, Alexander, 40 hours from
Ban Dleso and way ports.
Stmr Gipsy, Inland, 28 hours from Monterey.
Btmr Golden Gate, . McKenna. 18 days from
Hunters Bay,
Btmr Arcato, Nelson, C9 hours frm Coos Bay,
Yia Poort Orford 47 hours.
Blror Alltak, Rasmussen, . 8 days 10 hours
from Kadlak.
Ger Btmr Mehphis, Jensen, S days from
Seattle: put la to finish loadlnsr.
Ship Eclipse, Lareen, 14 days from ;. Chignik
Bay,
Bark J T> Peters, Townsend, 12% days from
Chiquio. . ' - - ¦ .
- Bktn John Smith, Wick," 11% days from. New
Whatcom,- -•¦:?•-:_¦¦.;
The pteamer Sierra called yesterday for
Sydney and way ports with a general cargo
valued at J223.SD3, manifested and- destined
as follows: For Australia, $153,942; New Zea
land, $48,766; Bamoa, $8780; Fiji, $970; Tonga,
$656; South Africa, $21,229. The principal ex
ports were as follows:
To Australia— M.S88 Jt* b«*n*, 8 crs bicycles,
212 cs boots and shoes, )5,fi80 lbs bluestone, 6
csks bottled beer, ]SS5 cs canned goods, £1,060
lbs oodffcb, ii os oopfeotionery, .11 cs dry
goods, 26 cs drugs, 42,465 tbs dried fruit, 11
cs electrical supplies, 1470 doors, ¦ 5390 bxs ap
ples, 68 rktfs groceries and provisions, • S2,9&9
lbs bops, £000 p JUBjber,. *3 WJs Jeatber»-#>
The Sierra's 0argt>.
The British eteamer Flintshire cleared i yes
terday for Antwerp, with 105,629 ctls barley
valued at 197,390 and 83,000 ft lumber as dun
nage valued at |«5. '.
The French bark Cambronna cleared yester
flay for Queenstown for orders with 55,401 ctls
barley valued at S4S.820 and 20,000 ft lumber
as dunnajro valued at $300.
Barley for Europe.
Tho American eteamer Borneo will load
wheat at Tacoma for Europe, Mediterranean
Or Adriatic, ¦ 40s, If two ports, 41s 3d, chartered
prior to arrival ; the German steamer Elba, .
lumber at • Portland for China, prior to ar
rival: the bark Farwohl, wheat at Tacoma
tor Europe. J-
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
Shipping Merchants.
NEWS OF THE OCEAN".
Kduardo Palacio, J. F. Denham and wife,
F. Martinez, General A. J. Sampson and 'wife,
Mrs. F. M. Livermore, child and maid, S. Fer
nandez, Mrs. B. J. Tunnell, . J. W. Van Meter,
E. Griffin. B. Bunton. H. M. Crocker, W. G.
McLellan. J. Ottersbach and John Wells.
General A. J. Sampson is the United
States Minister to Bolivia. Mrs. JUver
more forms one of his party and they
will land at Guayaquil. Eduardo Palacio
is the inspector of the Compania Sud
Americana de Vapores and S. Fernarfdez
is a member of the house of B. Fernandas
& Co., Acapulco,
The Tucapel of the Compania Bud
Americana de Vapores got away for Cen
tral and South American ports yesterday
afternoon. She did not have many pas
sengers, but was loaded down with
freight, a considerable portion, of which
was grain for Valparaiso. The cabin, pas
sengers on the Tucapel are:
Compania Slid Americana de Vapores'
Tucapel Sails on Time.
SAILS FOB. SOUTH AMERICA.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
The Overdue Fleet.
The underwriters are now paying: 15 per
cent to reinsure their risks on the bark
Ar.jou, out 162 day3 from Xewcastle-on-
Tyne for San Francisco, while on the
Glenbreck, bound from the same port for
Valparaiso. 50 per cent is being paid. The
Craignair is now out 182 days from New
Caledonia for Philadelphia and 80 per cent
is being paid on her, while the Sirene, out
159 days from Bremen for Honolulu, is
quoted at 10 per cent. On the Winds
brant, 125 days out from Shields for Val
paraiso, 15 per cent is being paid.
Water-Frort Notes.
The Oceanic Steamship Company's Ala
meda will come down from the Risdon
shipyards to-morrow. She will probably
have a short trial spin in the bay and will
then dock at Pacific-street wharf to load
for Honolulu.
The Austrian steamer Klek came down
from the Risdon shipyards yesterday aft
er an overhauling, while the collier Vic
toria goes up to-day to have some repairs
made.
The oil steamer George Loomis put back
to port yesterday, having lost her pro
peller when off Point San Pedro. She left
here early yesterday morning and at 8:43
a. m. the tail Ehaft broke and tho pro
peller dropped into the sea. The vessel
was anchored and the tug Defiance went
out and towed her back to port.
The Arequlpa of the Pacific Steam Navi
gation Company's line will be due from
South and Central American ports on the
12th inst. She is scheduled to sail again
on the 17th inst. with a lot of passengers.
When the tramp steamer Royalist was
st Hongkong she secured a Chinese crew.
She is now loading for England and th8
coolies refuse to go with her, so they will
be sent home on the Peru to-morrow.
The collier Washtenaw goes on the Un
ion Iron Works' drydock to-day. When
leaving Tacoma on her last trip she
6truck a rock and tore a hole In the bow.
Her collision bulkheads held and she was
tble to reach port without further mis
hap.
Schr Jennie Griffin, Campbell, 5 hours from
Point Keyes.
Schr Beulah, Anderson, 11 days from Kla
wack.
CLEARED.
Thursday, October 3.
Stmr Eureka, Lehman, Seattle; B Lehman,
master.
Stmr Walla Walla, Hall, Victoria and Port
Townsend; Goodall, Perkins & Co.
Stmr Sierra, Houdlette, Sydney and Hono
lulu; J D Soreckels & Bros Co.
Chil stmr Tucapel, Moffett, Valparaiso and
way ports; Balfour, Guthrle & Co.
Br Etmr Flintshire, Dwyer, Antwerp; Bal
four, Guthrie & Co.
Ship Tillie E Starbuck, Curtis. Honolulu;
Welch & Co.
Fr bark Cambronne, Le Gloaches, Queens
town; Eppinger & Co.
SAILED.
Thursday, October 3.
U S S Albatross, Mosher, cruise.
Stmr National City, . Dettmers. Fort Bragg.
Stmr Navarro, Olsen.
Stmr Sierra, Houdlette, Honolulu and Sydney,
Stmr Celia, Hisetns.
Stmr "Walla Walla, Hall, Victoria and Port
Townsend.
Stmr Corona, Glelow, Newport South, etc.
Stmr Geo Loomis, Bridgett, Ventura-
Stmr WestDort, Ericsson, Bear Harbor,
Stmr Alcazar, Martin.
Stmr South Coast, Olsen.
Stmr Progreso, Parker, Seattle.
Chll Etmr Tucapel, Moffett, Valparaiso, etc.
Schr Mayflower, Gurmansen.
Schr Berwick, Ackerman,^ Coqullle River,
Schr Jennie Thelln, Mattsson.
Schr A J West, Dahler, Grays Harbor.
Schr Una, Harkins, Coos Bay.
Schr Archie and Fontie, Skipper.
Schr Sehome, Petersen, Hastings Mill.
Scbr W F Witzeman, Daeweritz, Grays Har
bor.
RETURNED.
Thursday, October 3. '
Etmr Geo. Loomis, BridBett, hence this
morning for Ventura, on account of tall shaft
breaking: and losing 'propeller 3 miles north of
Point San Pedro at 8:45 a m.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS — October 3, 10 p m— Weather
clear; wind KW; velocity 20 miles.
SPOKEN.
Sept 2S-49 N 101 W, Br ship Cawdor, from
Antwerp for San Francisco.
Sept 8—71 N 28 W, Ger ship Najads, from
Portland for Queenstown.
MEMORANDUM.
Per stmr Golden Gate— Broke shaft Sept 5 at
entrance to Hetta from Hunter Bay; returned
to Hunter Bay under sail; endeavered to make
repairs, but did not succeed; unshipped pro
peller, bqarded up wheel well and sailed Sept
5 for San Francisco or Seattle; at 2 p m passed
out clear of Cape Muzon; had variable winds;
got NW, winds oft Mendoclno Sept 29 and car
ried them to Point Arena; have been within
80 miles of port since midnight Sunday, Sept 29.
Per ship Eclipse— Sailed from Chignik Sept
19; had strong W winds till Sept 29, when we
encountered light baffling airs and calms from
the southern quarter and have been drifting
between Point Reyes and the Farallones since.
Per bktn John Smith, from New Whatcom.
Oct 8— On Oct 2 at 11 a m, 20 miles off Point
Reyes, saw a steam schooner which looked as
if disabled: had all eail set; was going slow
and steering east.
' DOMESTIC PORTS.
UMPQU A— Sailed Oct 1— Schr Louise and
Lucy, for San Pedro.
NEW WHATCOM— Sailed Oct 3— Schr Vega,
for Port .Harford; bark Alex McNeil, for Val
paraiso.
PORT HADLOCK— Sailed Oct 3— Bktn J M
Griffith, for San- Francisco. '
1 POINT. LOBOS— Passed Oct 3, 1 p m— Stmr
Iaqua, from Eureka for San Pedro.
• SEATTLE-^Arrived Oct i 3— Stmrs Cottage
City and Chas Nel3on, from Skaguay.
ALITAK— Sailed Sect 23— Bark Electra, for
San Francisco.
MARSHFIELD— Arrived Oct 2— Stmr Bruns
wick, from Unlmak Pass.
PORT TOWNSEND— Passed Oct 3— Stmrs
Cottage City and Chaa Nelson, from Skaguay
for Seattle.
SEATTLE— Arrived Oct 2— U S S Dix, hence
Sept 28. Oct 3— Stmr Meteor, hence Sept 27.
Sailed Oct 2— Stmr Senator, for Nome; . stmr
Garonne, for Nome.
PORT LOS ANGELES— Arrived Oct 3-;Stmr
The Kilpatrick is now out eighteen days
from Manila with the Eighteenth Infan
try and should arrive here next week.
Work on the alterations to the Sherman
has progressed very slowly during the
etrike and the transport will not be ready
to go into commission until December.
The Grant is to be altered at an expense
of about S400.000 and when completed will
be one of the finest transports afloat. It
was the Government's intention to have
the work done at the navy yard, but as
there now seems to be a chance of the
machinists' strike being settled the job
may go to one cf the private concerns.
The Logan is being overhauled at the
navy yard, but the work is progressing
eiowly and it will be January next be
fore she will be in commission again.
The freight transport Dix :s now on her
¦way to Puget Sound and will load grain
end supplies at Seattle. and Tacoma for
llanila.
The Thomas is now being got ready to
leave for the Philippines on the 16th inst.
Her regular sailing date is November 1,
but the Grant has been laid up for a
thorough overhauling, so the Thomas is
to go out in her piace.
Movements of Transports.
For Honolulu— J. R. Ballard, Mrs. Ballard,
J. E. Barges, Captain. B. F. Chapman, Mrs.
H. I* Clarke, T. A. Curran, Mrs. J. Farns
worth, D. Ferris, I. Goodlng, Mrs. M. Hen-
Ding, John Howson, Y. M. Jaouen, Mrs. Jao
uen. W. Jarvls, Mn. Jarvis and child. Mrs.
J. E. Lewin. H. V. Morgan, Miss I. M. Pos
ton. T. J. Qulnn, H. J. Rhodes. L. H. Stew
art. Mrs. M. W. Tschudi. M. Vierra, J. S.
Walker, W. R. Waters, Mrs. Waters and three
children, G. M. "Watson. H. S. Wheeler, Mrs.
Wheeler. Miss M. A. Williamson.
Auckland— H. W. Atkinson. J. D. Fischer.
John Kavanagh, A. Masrill. H. Martin, John
N. McCrossen, E. C. Tims, Mrs. Tims and three
children, E. H. Wilmot, Mrs. Wilmot, J. F.
Zlramer.
Sydney— G. R. Barker. H. L. • Clark, J.
Clark. James Glen. I. W. Kelley, H. F.
Nichols, J. T. Peters, J. R. Rodgers, C. A.
Bperry, E. C. Townsend and Mrs. M. "Wolthe.
For Honolulu— O. A. Baker, C A. Brown,
Mrs. Brown, Mrs. W. H. Browne, Miss Brun
nermann and maid. F. Burgess, Mrs. K. C.
Cope, W. C. Crook Jr., E. F. Diehl. Mrs. S3.
W. Dowsett, H. K. Duniway, Mrs. E. L. Du
terbre, J. A. Fenger, Mrs. Fenger and child, J.
W. Ferguson, H. T. Gilbert, J. A. Gllman,
Mrs J. W. Gunn, Sam Henry, Mrs. F. E.
Hobron, F. W. Hodglns. B. G. Holt. W. H.
Hoogs. R. Jamison. F. B. Kellam. J. A. Ken
nedy. ¦ H. "W. Lake. Mrs. Lake and son, J.
Lando, Dr. W. Livingsteln, A. McKlbbln, J.
L. McLain, Mrs. McLain and two children,
Miss S. E. McNear. Dr. F. B. MorrlU. E. S.
Muckley.- Mrs. Muckley and two children. H.
C. Myers, Mrs. A. O. Newton, F. E. Nichols,
Rev. G. L. Pearson, William Plerson, A.
Raphael, Mrs. Raphael, Mrs. E. C.
Rayner, Miss S. Robertson, I. Rosen
berg, Mrs. Rosenberg and child. Miss C Schu
man. Mrs. C. K_ Shatto. Miss X. Simpson, M168
A. Smith, Miss K. Smith, W. O. Smith, Mrs.
Smith, Master Smith, Mrs. O. J. Stone, E. J.
Stone, T. F. Sturdevant, Mra. Sturdevant and
child. Miss E. Sutter, V. L. Tenney, Mrs. Ver
non L. Tenney and child. R. J. Thorn, Mrs.
Thorn, Miss A. Tipson, Mrs. Waller, Mrs. L.
Wclsmon, Paul Westphal, i£. F. Wichman,
Mrs. Wichman, three children and maid; Miss
M. Wilcox, Miss M. Wilson and J.Zantgraf.
Auckland— R. Crown, Mrs. M. A. Edwards,
Miss Edwards. F. W. Frankland, Alexander
Harvey. F. W. Jervls, C. E. Maudsley, F.
Mitchell, Miss E. Mitchell. Mrs. J. F. Rayner,
J. G. Reed, R. Roskell and Austin Strong.
Sydney— J.. H. Birch Jr., Sidney Clementson,
Mrs. Clementson, E. G. Currln, Mrs. Currln,
Randolph Currln, E. G. Currin Jr., Master J.
M. Currin, Master Louis Currin, H. Daley. Mrs.
C. Davis and maid. Miss C. Davis, Miss F.
Davis, Miss V. Davis, S. H. Fisher, A. H.
Green. C. F. de Grut. Mrs. V. C. King, Albert
N. Libby, Rev. C. H. Linley, Miss A. I* Marsh,
E» L. Mayer, C. W. McMurran. Mrs. McMur
ran and son, Mrs. E. T. Miles. Miss Miles, Miss
H. Miles. Miss L. Miles. Master Miles, J. F. W.
Payne. Mrs. Payne, Miss Payne, Dr. J. M.
Peebles, Tremayne Rodd, Mrs. Road and maid,
P. Simcock, A. Stornor, A. J. Tracy, Mrs.
Tracy and C. W. Whish.
. To join at Honolulu for Auckland— H. A.
Keyser and P. W. Richardson.
- SECOND CABIN.
FIRST CABIN.
New Zealand. She was delayed
nearly an hour owing- to the local mail
being late, which was a lucky thing for
several of her passengers who did not
reach the wharf until 10:30 a. m. Chief
Engineer Nieman remained behind this
trip and First Assistant Peter Owens
went out In charge of the engine room.
Among those who went away on the
Sierra was C. W. McMurran, an Eastern
journalist, who will make a tour of Aus
tralia. ¦ Sidney Clementson Is the well
known wool broker, who goes to Sydney
to attend the wool sales. Albert N. Libby
goes to Sydney to install a plant for the
Electric Tramway Company. Austin
Strong ia the grandson of Mrs. Robert
Louis Stevenson. He is a landscape gar
dener of repute and goes to Auckland to
lay out a park for the Government.
The first and second cabin passengers
are:
p.-*, m^ HE mail steamship Sierra of the
I Oceanic line sailed yesterday for
I Sydney, X. S. W., via Honolulu,
il Pago Pago, Samoa, and Auckland,
The collections of Internal revenue In this
district during the month of September were
as follows: Beer, $93,121; spirits, $75,521; lists,
$5509; cigars, $15,309; tobacco, $3198; documen
tary stamps, $18,369; proprietary stamps, $4201;
miscellaneous, $9009, making a total of $224,
237, against $318,765 in September, 1900. Since
January 1 these receipts were $2,918,690. against
$3,055,968 during the same period in 1900.
Internal Revenue.
To Samoa— 50 bbls flour, 18 cs hardware,
24S1 lbs bread, 57 crs potatoes and onions, 5
bales dry goods, 36 cs canned goods, 500 gals
coal oil, 350 lbs nuts,- 50 gals wine, 368 lbs
ham, 15,895 ft lumber, 121 cs 3 bbls salmon,
192 pkgs groceries and provisions, 20 pkgs
fruits and vegetables, 4 coils rope.
To Fiji Islands— 777 lbs dried fruit, 55 cs
canned goods, 38 cs salmon, 6 pkgs groceries
and provisions, 40 bxs apples, 112 lbs bacon,
130 lbs coffee, 80 crs onions, 355 lbs beans, 1
cs dry goods.
To Tonga— 8 cs drugs.
To South Africa— 1000 cs 3000 lbs dried fruit,
4750 cs salmon, 350 cs canned goods.
r To New Zealand — 17 crs bicycles, 50 csks
bottled beer, 26 cs bo.ots and shoes, 4316 lbs
beans, 2737 cs canned goods, 600 lbs chocolate,
1500 tbs 5 cs codfish, 50 cs 71,946 lbs dried fruit,
53 cs drugs, 1006 bxs apples, 29 pkgs groceries
and provisions. 3857 lbs 8 pkgs hops, 4 bales
leather, 25 bxs lemons, 1190 lbs millstufts, 200
cs metal polish, 28 pkgs machinery, 12 bales
overalls, 1300 crs onions, S6 bdls paper, 50 cs
turpentine, 60 pkgs raisins, 2749, cs 100 bbls
salmon.
cs lemons, 322 cs metal polish, 19 pkgs ma
chinery. «30 lt»s millstuffs. 23 bales overalls,
15 crs onions, 47 pkgs paints and oils, 48 bdls
paper, 279 coils rooe, 57 bales rubber hose, 8
bales rubber packing, 30,000 lbs salt, 100 cb
slot machines, 18.313 cs salmon.
"It seems to me that Chief of Police Sul
livan ought to make a thorough investiga
tion into the death of Yeaxgruy, as I am
satisfied thnt ho was murdered."
"As he fell to the sidewalk two men.after
kicking him, dragged him down Minna
street and threw him in a doorway. I
quickly walked over to the unfortunate
fellow and found him bleeding from a. deep
gash in the throat. His head was -also
cut and realizing that he was seriously
hurt I had the ambulance summoned.
After Yearguy had been taken to the Re
ceiving Hospital I learned that he had
been first attacked in the saloon and then
thrown into the street.
"I was walking up Minna street on the
night of the trouble, and when near Fifth
1 saw Yearguy, whom I did not know, be
ing thrown out cf the saloon.
Jacob Yearguy, who was brutally beaten
by a gang of men at Fifth and Minna
streets last Monday night, died in the
City and County Hospital yesterday from
his injuries.
According to several witnesses of the
assault Yearguy was drinking in a saloon
at Fifth and Minna streets -when he made
some flippant remarks about the strikers.
There were a half dozen men in the saloon
at the time and as Yearguy uttered the
rem.irk they attacked him. After giv
ing him a severe beating his assailants
threw him out of the saloon and as he
fell his head struck against the curb
stone, fracturing- his skull. Shortly after
ward the unfortunate man was found ly-
Ing in a doorway about twenty feet from
the saloon and removed to the Receiving
Hospital. After his wounds were tempo
rarily dressed he was sent to the City and
County Hospital, where he died yesterday.
Al Hoffman, a mining- engineer, was a
witness to the assault. When seen last
night he said:
After Being Assaulted He Is
Left Unconscious in •
a Doorway.
Kicked anch Beaten in
a Fifth - Street
Saloon.
Crowded With Passengers for Hawaii/ New Zealand and Australia,
and Laden With a Valuable Cargo of Merchandised
YEARGUY DIES
OF HIS WOUNDS
MAIL STEAMSHIP SIERRA DEPARTS
FOR PORTS IN SOUTHERN SEAS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, OCTOBER 4, 1901.
9
ADVEBTISEMENT8.
UNITED. STATES BBAJTCH. :
STATEMENT
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE ]£
Commercial Union
ASSURANCE COMPANY
OF LONDON. KNGLAND. ON THE MST
day of December. A. D. 1300. and for the .
year ending on that day, as made to the In-
surance Commissioner of the State of Califor-
nia, pursuant to the provisions of sections 61<£
and 611 of the Political Code, condensed as per
blank furnished by the Commissioner:
ASSETS.
Real Estate owned by Company j $$SS,14S 69
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages 230,300 00
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company.... 1.S82.333 75
Cash In Company's office ..„...; 10,605 SS
Cash in Banks 193,316 24
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans 17,303 30
Interest due and accrued ,on Bonds
and Mortgages ..._, ; 4.010 *t
' Premiums in due Course' of Collec-
tion T. 433.8S9 :&
Bills receivable, not Matured, taken
for Fire and Marine Risks....- ; #233 77
Rents due and accrued 8,055 54
Due from other Companies for Re-
insurance on losses already paid.... 4.1S3 IS
Due from Palatine Insurance Com*
pany, since paid 143,268 53f
Total Assets ; ...J3.S81.770 52
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid ..,.» $143,110 00
Losses in process of Adjustment or in
Suspense 138,329 00
Losses resisted, including expenses.. 43,500 00
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning one year or less, $1,913,103 3S;
reinsurance 50 per cent. 939,531 69
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning- more than one year. $1,938.-
220 03; reinsurance pro rata.. j 980,511 0T
Gross premiums on Marine and In-
land Navigation Risks. {34,13193;
reinsurance 100 per cent 34,131, 88
Gross premiums on Marine Time
Risks, $57,193 17; reinsurance 50 per
cent 28.598 5*
Amount reclaimable by the Insured
on perpetual Fire Insurance policies 97,723 54
All other liabilities „,.„.. , 71,815 18
Total Liabilities ...«..^*.*^.*«^,$2.503.2© 97
INCOME* ~"
Net cash actually received fof Fire
premiums «./. •-" $2,434,207 OS
Net cash actually received for Ma-
rine premiums 139,919 91
Received for Interest on Bonds and
Mortgages 11,032 55
Received for Interest and dividends
on Bonds, Stocks, Loans, and from
all other sources ...., 74.6SO 13
Received for Rents t 16.753 21
Total Income ««<..<«««««««<«««. $2,736,622 83
EXPENDITURES. "
Net amount paid for Fire Losses (In-
cluding losses of previous years)... $1,783, 158 11
Net amount paid for Marine Losses
(including losses of previous years) 63,173 48
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 491,818 07
Paid for Salaries. Fees, and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc . 115,271 61
Paid for State, National and Local
taxes 70,128 79
All other payments and expend-
lturea 133.405 97
Total Expenditures ............ — .$3,683,953 92
Losses incurred during the year $1,782,539 00
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
¦written during the
\ year $309,974,637 $3,228.62104
Net amount of Risks
expired during the
year 303,424.536 3.076.185 2*
Net amount in force
December 31, 1900.... 401.717,673 3,837.323 41
Bisks and Premiums. Mar. Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
¦written during the
year $52,166,665 $220.8(3 St
Net amount of Risks
expired during the
year 4S.522.1ST 162,586*4
Net amount In force
December 31, 1900.... 3,643,973 67,009 77
. A. H. WRAT. Manager.
Subscribed and sworn to before me. this 21st
day of February. 1001.
EDWDT F. CORET,
Commissioner for California, in Xew York.
PACIFIC COAST BRANCH,
416 CALIFORNIA ST., S. F.
C. F. MULLINS .Manage*
UNITED STATES BBANC2.
STATEMENT
- i OF TH^
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
- ——OF THE— — — »
ALLIANCE
ASSURANCE COMPANY
OF LONDON, ENGLANTX OX THE 31ST
day of December, A. D. 1900, and for th»
year ending on that day. as made to the In-
surance Commissioner of the State of Califor-
nia, pursuant to the provisions of sections CIS
and 611 of the Political Code, condensed as per
blank furnished by the Commissioner.
ASSETS.
Real Estate owned by Company.. ...... $172,170 ST
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages.. 612.750 09
Cash In Banks 42.876 23
Interest due and accrued on all Stocks '
and Loans 4,733 00
Premiums in due Coarse of Collection 37,440 2)
Bills receivable, not Matured, taken
for Fire and Marine Risks............ - TOO 42
Total Assets .;.. ....J371.663 si
LIABILTITE& '"
Losses in process of Adjustment or la
Suspense J5.2S7 41
Gross premiums on Fire Risks running
one year or less, $172,440 9S; reinsur-
ance 50 per cent 86.E0 O
Gross premiums on Fire Risks running:
more than one year, S101.7S3 52; rein-
surance pro rata. , 47.0S9 94
All other liabilities ,.., ., , S.4S7 17
Total Liabilities ,..„, .$147,085 01
INCOME.
Net cash actually received for* Fire
premiums .l...$20T.3S4 0?
Received for interest and dividends on
Bonds. Stocks, Loans, and from all
other sources 19.031 93
Received for Rents „- 12,687 50
Total Income , $240,163 50
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for Fire Losses (in-
cluding $2,027 CS, losses of previous
years) ~ - $93,351 73
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 48.353 M
Paid for Salaries, Fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc 14,233 04
Paid for State, National and Local
taxes 3,631 31
All other payments and expenditures, 13,997 21
Total Expenditures ,.$183,81S 23
V',! * ¦ • Fire-
Losses Incurred during the Tear..... «. $101,751 1|
Bisks and Premiums, Fire Risks, Premiums,
Net amount of Risks
I wrttten ¦ daring" I the
year $31,534,11! $265,363 77
Net amount of Risks
expired during the
year .,..,.. 19,638,693 ?22,83O S3
Net amount in force De-
cember 31.- 19C0.. ......,' 20,458,923 87U24 50
. .- • «. ... ~~. -... "SAMUEL B, "WEED,
¦ .of Weed & Kennedy, Managers.
Subscribed and sworn to before me, this 25th
day of February, 1901*. '
F, FISHBECK, Notaiy Public.
PACIFIC COAST BRANCH,
416 CALIFORNIA ST., S. F.
C. F. MULLir<(S, '..I;,,.., Manager
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DAMIANA" BITTERS. THE
great Mexican remedy; Rives health and
Strength to eexual organs. Depot. 323 Market.
Weekly ; Call. £1: pejr ; Year
AUCTION!
Referee's Auction Sale
BY ORDER OF COUBT.
FINAL OFFERING OF
Crooks' Estate Properties,
Monday, October 7, 1901,
U O'CLOCK NOON.
At Salesrooms of
6. H. UMBSEN & CO.,
No. 14 Montgomery Street
Prominent Third-Street Corner,
200 feet of Market Street. Large
frontages on Third, Stevenson
and Jessie Streets. The largest
available corner left in this sec-
tion of the city. Offered in three
subdivisions —
1. North corner Third' and Jessie sts., 69 ft
en Third St., 83 ft on Jessie st. Stores and
offices: rents $5220 per annum.
2. Three-story and basement brick building
and lot fronting 60 ft on Stevenson st, (7:1
ft east of Third st, and fronting 37:6 ft. oa
Jessie.
S. Three-story and basement brick building
and lot fronting 60 ft on Stevenson st, 117 :•
ft east on Third st. and fronting 47 ft on
Jessie st. Annual Income from these last two
pieces $4000; can be separated and Increased
with small outlay.
Choice Piece of Business Property.
Nos. 910, 912 and 914 Kearny street, between
Jackson and Pacific, extending through, to
Montgomery avenue; two frontages. 49:8 feet
on Kearny and 60 feet on Montgomery avenue;
will pay well when properly improved.
Brick Building, Nos. 915-917-919
Dupont Street.
Between Washington and Jackson; lot 47:3
feet by 137:6 feet; rest location In Chinatown;
present rental $155 per month.
Nos. 832-834 Washington street.
Large, centrally located corner brick build*
ing In Chinatown, northwest corner of Wash-
ington street and Stouts alley, between Dupont
and Stockton streets; 64:1 by 137:6 feet; rents
$350 per month.
Three Large Pieces of Property in
. Potrero District.
Coming manufacturing center of the city;
described as follows:
Almost entire block bounded by lStU and
19th, Wisconsin and Arkansas streets.
Arkansas street frontage of ZOO feet, from
Arkansas to Wisconsin streets. .
. Nineteenth street,. S. W. corner of Wisconsin,
86:10 feet on 19th by M feet on Wisconsin st.
See diagrams for further. particulars, or the
Referees. • . [ • ¦ ¦
J. IV HARMES, 626 Market St.
G. H. UMBSEN, 14 Montgomery St.
P. J. SULLIVAN, Parrott Building.
lib DAY NO CURE, NO PAY
IB. HH I 30 years' experience treating
""'""¦ DISEASES OF MEN
Call or Write. Boom «, M». MH K»«ay B«-» B- *.
4*. giii jSh Rifles, Ammunition. Fisa-
¦ ¦I 1 E&l C" lns Tackle, Sporting. Out,
I-H 1 B1I In? Goods. Largest Stock.
Ell I 111 «\ Lowest Prices. Send for
U Vl I H Vf Catalogue and Job Sheet
•" ¦• ¦ BHRSVB A BABBBR Off,
739 Market. 511 Kearny
puce nnviii^'^s?
ji ¦-•••- ." - ¦ Valises checked JTree.
I ONLY A FEW DAYS 1
1 REMAIN! I
1 Our GREAT ALTERATION SALE I
I IS DRAWINGJO A CLOSE. I
I The Carpenters and Painters 1
I are nearly done, and when they |
| finish the following: phenomenal I
[I prices will no longer be quoted. |
51 Men's Suits, $10 and m 50.. now $7.50 S
M Men's Suits. »15 and $is...now §10.00 ?
li Men'e Suits, f20 and $22 50.. now 1J15.OO E
t! Men's Suits. $25 and $30... now 92O.OO |
F2 These are slngrle and double breasted g
!| eacks. all of the latest styles and cuts. 3
ll Boye' Suits, $3 and $3 50 now $1.95 | ,
ll Boys' Suits. $4 and 15 now i
K Boyt' SulU, $6 and $7 now ftli.OO |
H Boys' Suits. $8 50 and $10.. ..now $7.50 j
B Children's Suits, »2 CO and $3
h now $1.35
!] Children's Suits, 13 and $3 50 ]
(* now • 91.C5
g Children's Suits, $3 7S and U J
H now $1.S5 !
|| Men's White fihirte. *1 now 35c
M Men'e White tTnlaundered Shirt*. 76c g
H now , - -29e £
N Ti<>s 23c now ©C E
H Socks, 12%c now _$c V
Eg Sock?, 25c - now llo £
H A full line of Underwear and Furnish- I
M ing Goods at equally low prices. B
I Summerfield&Roman 1
1 901-903 Market St., !
f\ Corner Fifth. |
•>"~w^j^~Trrf~ii W BSfiJr -F'Vih 1 i^l -ill
f r*m H a H / 9 \£#wNFf*f?i
Oppression, Suffocation, Neuralgia, etc., cored by
ESPIG'S CIGARETTES.DrPOWDEB
Paris, J. ESPIC ; New York, E. FOUOERA & CO,
SOU) PY AW, PBUGGIST$ .. ..>.. ••:.
Ladies' Walking Hats
Our hat department has lately received an ele- j
gant assortment of ladies' walking hats, and to popu- I
larize the department with ladies the hats will be sold
at a price that is fulfya half less than that of any mil-
linery store in the city. v
'¦'I 1" Why pay $5 for a. hat when * you can get it for
$2 50?
The colors in the assortment are blacky blue, pearl, brown, . •¦
tan and red, trimmed with •feathers, breasts and pompons; as ll
the price is to be an, introductory feature it will be but . ¦
Out-of-town orders- Silled— write as. it
snWoop sfo I
718 Market Street, i
PAINE'S CELERY COMPOUND.
A PROCLAMATION.
Paine'sCelery Compound
the National Remedy.
—
Endorsed by Leaders in
Every Walk of Life.
Present Wonderful Demand
the Result of Merit.
House of Representatives,
Jefferson City, Mo., Sept 2, 190L
Wells & Richardson Co.:
Gentlemen— Paine's celery compound Is
the great national family remedy. I can
cheerfully recommend it. "Very truly
yours, EDWARD McKENNT.
Since the day when the great surgeon
and practitioner Professor Edward E.
Phelps, M. D., LL.D., announced the dis-
covery of the formula of Paine's celery
compound and .first prescribed it with in-
variable success in cases of nervous pros-
tration, insomnia. Indigestion, rheuma-
tism and other diseases that have their
origin in a. disordered nervous , system —
HON. EDWARD McKENNT.
the demand for this one remedy has gone
on steadily increasing, until to-day
throughout every civilized country more
bottles of the remedy are prescribed by
physicians and used by those ¦who are
sick than of probably all other prepared
remedies combined.
Tho formula of Paine's celery compound
— which Professor Phelps freely gave to
the medical profession — ranks in import-
ance in the medical world with the anti-
toxins and anesthetics.
Its discovery marks a new era in the
practice of medicine, as the discovery of
ether marked a new era In the practice,
of surgery-
The above unsolicited testimonial from
the Hon. Edward McKenny is one of
thousands which might be published.
In calling for Paine's celery compound
be sure that no quack medicine of pat-
ented name Is palmed off on you in Its
stead.£° COUP •• 138% Do.2d3 .81
go old 4s reg 112 N Y Cent lsts..-.105%
Do coup 112 Do gen 3%s 109
6s re <5 107% N J Cent gen 5s. 130
Do coup 107% Nor Pac 4s 104
n S J?S , is 102% Do 3s 71^
tj 1? a J? J £i s 97^ Nor & w c° n 4s.l00%
™ to & Ohl ° 4s. ...102 Reading Gen 4s.... 93%
3 » s 94% S L & I M con 5s.ll4%
Do conv 4s 104% S L & S F 4s.... 95
rw # ?? 2ds ••• 107 StLBW lsts.... 97%
i? 1 ? f^ a to 106^ D ° Ms 78%
oi?° a^I 110 73 S A & A P 4s.... 85%
£h, ea & Ohio 4%s..lO6% So Pac 4s 91%
?' * £ Iton 3 Hs- 84% So Ry 5s 116%
n\rp ?* n £ w 4s " 97 Tex & Pac lsts.... 119V.
S^ s 'Pg 4s.U0 TStL&W 4s.. 81 "
S « N con 7s 140 Union Pac 4s 105
r. £"* T PcP is 1061^ Do conv 4s 105%
CC C & St L g 4S.104 Wabash lsts 103V?
Chicago Term 4s.. 94 Do 2ds .110
Colo & So 4s 88 Do deb B ........ 60%
JL* R . G \* 102 West Shore 4s ....113
Erie prior Hen 4s.. 97% W & L E 4s 90
V P° sen 4s 87% wis Cent .4s 88%'
Ft VT & I> C lsts.. 102 Con Tob 4s 65
I NEW TORK MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con 20 Little Chief ....... 12
Alice 48 Ontario 1100
Breeoe 1 40 Ophir 70
Brunswick Con .. 06 Phoenix 06
Comstock Tunnel... 6% Potosi 05
Con Cal & Va.... 1 65 Savage 01
Deadwood Terra... 50 Sierra Nevada..... 17
Horn Silver 1 90 Small Hopes 40
Iron Silver 60 Standard ...". 8 23
Leadvllle Con 06
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— Union Land 3
Call loans 4 @5 West End ..•. 93%
Time Loans 4%©6 Westingh Elec ... 70%
Stocks — Bonds
A T & St Fe 75% N E G & C 5s 50%
Do pref d 95% Mini ng Shares—
Amer Sugar US Adventure 22
Amer Tel 159 Bingham Min Co.. 30
Boston & Albany.257 Amal Copper 90
Boston L 171 Atlantic 32
Boston & Maine. .192 Calumet & Hecla.655
Dominion Coal ... 44 Centennial -... £8%
Do prefd 118% Franklin 16%
U S Steel 42% Humboldt 25
Do prefd 93%|Osceola <J6
Gen Klectric 253% Parrott 40
Ed Elec 111 250 iQuincy 160
""S, 61 " •• 22% »Santa Fe Copper. 5%
N E G & Coke.... 5% Tamarack .........295
OW Colony 206% Utah Mining 25
Old Dominion 27% Winona 2%
Rubber 12V 2 Wolverines 5S
Union Pacific 93%
New York Money Market.
NEW TORK. Oct. 3.— Close: Money on call
was steady at 3@4 per cent; last loan, 3 per
cent; ruling rate, 3% per cent.
Prime mercantile paper-4%@5% per cent.
Sterling exchange Is steadier, with actual
business in bankers' bills at $4 85% for de
mand at $4 83V4©4 S3% for sixty days.
Posted rates— $4 84(34 84%
Commercial bills— $4 S2Vi<ff4 82%.
Bar silver— 58 cents.
Mexican dollars— 45% cents.
Bonds— Governments, steady; railroads, ir
regular; States, inactive.
London Market.
LONDON, Oct. 3.— 4.naconda. 7%; Atchison.
78%; do preferred, 99; Canadian Pacific, 112%;
Denver and Rio Grande, 46%; do preferred, 95;
Northern Pacific preferred. 100%; Southern Pa
cific, 57%; Union Pacific, 99%; do preferred 90.
Bar Silver— Dull; 26 13-16d per ounce.
Money — 2@2% per cent.
" ~— — ~— ~^— 1
Condition of the Treasury.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 3.— To-day's Btatement
of the treasury balances in the general fund,
exclusive of the $150,000,000 gold reserve in the
division of redemption, shows: Available cash
balance, $169,945,431; gold, $101,779,071.
. Failures for Nine Months.
NEW YORK, Oct. 3.— Failures In the United
States reported by R. G. Dun & Co. for the nine
months of 1901 number 8144, with an aggregate
indebtedness of 597,856,416. In the same months
of 1900 the number was slightly smaller, 7S93,
but the amount of liabilities was much heavier
$133,234,988. Subtracting the sixty-one failures
of banking and other fiduciary institutions with
liabilities of $17,235,554, the defaults in strictly
commercial channels were 8083 in number and
i $80,580,862 in amount, against 7S51 in number
and $101,867,448 in amount last year.
New York Grain and Produce
NEW TORK. Oct. 3.— FLOUR— Receipts, 20,
475; exports, 13,534 barrels; barely steady and
very dull.
WHEAT— Receipts, 181,000; exports. 23,975
bushels. Spot, dull; No. 2 red, 75c, f. o. b..
afloat; 74c elevator; No. 1 Northern Duluth.
75c, f. o. b. afloat. Options opened firm and
for a time were sustained in sympathy with a
strong corn market, but weakened and closed
%c lower. May closed at 77%c; October, 72%c
@72%c. closed at 72%c; December closed 74'/.c.
HOPS— Quiet
HIDEfi-Steady.
WOOL— Quiet. m
SUGAR— Raw, quiet; refined, stlady.
COFFEE— Spot Rio, quiet; mild, quiet; Cor
dova. 7%@llc. Futures closed unchanged to 5
points net lower, with sales of 17,250 bags, in
cluding: October, 4.95c; December, 5.05@o'.10c;
January, 5.20c; March, 5.40c; May, 5.55c; June.
5.60c; July, 5.70@5.75c.
BUTTER — Receipts, 4568 packages; steady;
State dairy, 14@21c; creamery, 15@22%c; Juno
creamery, 20@22c; fresh factory, 12%@14%c.
EGGS— Receipts, 9057 packages; steady; State
and Pennsylvania 21@22c; Western, candled,
20c; do, uncondled, 16%@19%c.
DRIED FRUITS.
NEW TORK, Oct. 3.— Trading in the mar
ket for evaporated apples was of a hand to
mouth character to-day. Exporters appear
.to have ample supplies. The undertone was
steady at unchanged prices. California dried
fruits were dull but steady at unchanged
rates. ¦ ¦¦.
Chicago Grain Market.
* . 4
CHICAGO, Oct. 3.— Conditions favored an ad
vance in corn at the start. The cables were
unchanged and there was a scarcity of offer
ings, which caused December to open % to V 4 c
higher, at 56%©56%c Though there was little
trading there was an Inclination on the part of
recent long liquidators to reinstate.- The
scantiness of offerings pointed to a considerable
shortage outstanding and December corn ad
vanced to 57%c. The bear crowd, while not
telling, was inclined to antagonize the advance
and late in the session, when a report that the
Iowa crop report would give a condition of 70,
against September's 50, prices began to sag
and December closed easy, %c higher, at 56%c.
Wheat followed the lead of. corn in a dull and
weak market. December opened a shade to %@
%c higher, at 69<§69%c, on better cables and the
buoyant feelings in corn. >Most of the traders
deserted the wheat pit for corn and what little
business there was was among scalpers. When
corn advanced wheat followed and later when
corn sagged wheat dropped in sympathy. De
cember closed weak, %@'4c lower, at 68%c.
Oats were dull, but firm. December closed
easy, %c higher, at 35%c.
There was almost no interest in provisions,
though tfie market held steady on a stronger
hog market January pork closed 20c higher
lard 5c up and ribs 5@7%c higher.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
- Open. High. Low. Closing.
Wheat, No. 2—
October 67»4 C7% 67 67
December 69Vfe - 6914 6S% 68»i
May 72% 72% 72% 72J4
Corn, No. 2— ¦
October 55% 65% 65H 65%
December 56% 57% 56% 56a
May 58% 59% 58% 58%
Oats, No. 2—
October 34% 34% 33% 34
December 35% 85% " S5H 35%
May ¦- 3V * 37% "37K 37 fc
Mess pork, per bbl—
October 14 37% 14 37% 14 35' 14 35
January 15 52% 15 62% 15 52% 15 62%
May 15 67% 15 75 15 65 15 75
Lard, perlOO lbs — '. ' ; • .,'-.,
October 9 80 9 80 9 77% 937%
November 9 62% 9 62% 9 60 9 62%
January 9 22% 9 25 9 20 9 22%
May- 9 20 9 25 9 20 9 25
Short RibB.-jier 100 lbs —
October 850.
January 8 02% 8 07% . 8 02% 8 07%
May 8 12% 8 15 8 10 8 15 ;
Cash quotations were* as follows: Flour —
Easy; No. 3 spring, 66@68%c; No. 2 red, 68%@
69Vic; No. 2 yellow corn, 57%c; No. 2 oats, 35%
©37%; No. 2 white, 37y 4 @38c; No. 3 white, 36%@
38; No. 2 rye, 55c; fair to choice malting, 54(3
GOc; No. 1 Northwestern, $152; prime timothy
seed, • $5 45@5 55; mess pork; per bbl, $14 50®
14 55; lard, per 100 lbs. $9 82%@9 85; short ribs
sides (loose), $8 45@8 65; dry salted shoulders
(boxed), 7%@7%c; short clear sides (boxed);
$9 40.
Articles— - Receipts. Shipments.
Flour,, bbls 43,000 .27,000
Wheat, bu 153,000 144,000
Com, bu 222,000 . 1,011,000
aOats, bu 121,000 122 000
Rye, bu 11.000 ..:....
Barley, bu 26,000 16,000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
The weekly report of the climate and crop
service of the Weather Bureau on the Oregon
crops is as follows:
"The r^st week in Oregon has been unusually
¦wet. The night temperatures were seasonable,
but during the daytime the excess in
cloudiness caused the temperatures to
average about 10 degrees below normal.
The maximum temperatures during the
¦week in Western Oregon ranged between
53 and 66 degrees and the minimum between 44
E:id £2 degrees. In Eastern Oregon the maxi
mum temperatures ranged between 50 and 68
degrees and the minimum between 32 and 50
degrees. Sharp frosts occurred In Kastern Ore
gon on several mornings and an occasional
light frost was reported from the western por
tion of the State. These frosts did no damage
of consequence, bb the staple crops of the State
had been secured before they occurred. The
rains have been unusually protracted, and they
have done some damage to prunes by bursting
them and also delayed the work of harvesting
the crop, but the benefits derived from the
rains have been much greater than the losses
The rivers have all risen to a good boating
Etage. the ground is now thoroughly saturated
end fit for fall plowing and a new growth of
grass has started in the pastures and ranges.
The following is the total rainfall reported at
Weather Bureau stations during the week: As
toria, 1.94 inches; Portland, 1.53 inches; Rose
burg, 0.S4 of an inch; Baker City, 0.S3 of an
inch.
"The ground ie in excellent condition for fall
plowing and seeding, and this work is well
under way. although it has been more or less
interrupted by showers.
"The harvest of sugar beets is general. The
crop is good and the quality above the average.
The sugar factory has started and is now run
ning night and day.
"High winds during the week have caused a
great many apples to fall in the coast counties, '
and the crop in that section of the State will
be light."
Dried Fruit in New York.
Mail reports from New Tork says:
"Opening prices on new California raisins
were made yesterday afternoon at 3%c, 4%c and
4^e for 2, 3 and 4 crown loose Muscatels and
4»<ic for seedless, all f. o. b. coast. These prices
are very low and the trade placed orders
freely.
"There -waB a very fair trade yesterday on
epot, but outside of seedless Muscatel raisins
buying was practically entirely confined to
small or medium sized lots. Seedless continue
to be wanted by mince-meat men and further
sales of about two cars were reported, while
there was a fair request ror smaller than car
lots at 6%c. Only a few cars of the 27 bought
on the coast by a local syndicate some time ago
and brought to this market are said to be still
unsold. Seeded raisins in cartons are in good
request at 7%*?7*ic. Some goods 'without the
sticker 1 brirg 7%c.
"Spot prunes are in some request. The car of
new Santa Claras received Thursday is selling
Quite freely at 4US4%c. The quality of this
fruit is excellent. New prunes are moetly of- '
fered on a 3%c basis for Santa Claras and 3c
for Northern fruit, with some business doing
Some Santa Claras, it is stated, are offered at
a 3%c basis. Peaches are in better demand on
epot, extra fancy Crawfords in bags going out
•well at 10c A small trade is doing in apri
cots.
"Evaporated apples on spot are very dull.
Chops are hardly quotable and waste is easy
Future prime apples are dull, with declining
tendency. Goods for October-November deliv
ery at 8%c. and January-February at 9c. Rasp
berries are slightly lower, with better de
mand.
"Currants were unchanged yesterday, with
I ,> mand In a En *all way at 7%@7%c on spot
and fa 6%c per Manin. Some cleaned currants
<pn spot sold at 8%c."
Weather Report.
O2Cth Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. Oct 3-5 p. m.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
•flats, as compared with those of same date last
season, and rainfall in last twenty-four hours:
Last This LaEt
Stations— 24 Hours. Season. Season.
Eureka 0.09 3.99 x -^
Red Bluff 02 1.89 l"*o
Sacramento 0.00 .56 'hr
San Francisco 0.00 82 "77
Fresno 0.00 .57 '36
Independence 0.00 .67 'g3
San Luis Obispo 0.00 28 "sg
Los Angeles o.OO .11 Trace
fcan Diego o.OO .06 Trace
San Francisco data: Mexlmum temperature
tz; minimum. 53; mean, 08.
The following maximum and minimum tem
peratures were reported from Eastern stations:
Boston ,2-52; Cincinnati. 70-44; Wat-hinjrton,
<4--0; Jacksonville. 78-70; New York, 74-54-
Sa ?»^. It 5 1 , € E" S0: Chica *2- 56 -38: St/ Louis,'
t ~?? ; ""'a^lPhia, 76-S2; t>maha, C0-44; Salt
Lake City. fc2-50; Duluth, 50-34.
THE COAST RECORD. ¦
STATIONS. a ;|| 'If |*i ll §
f j I : 3 P p I
Astoria 80.10 CO ll SW Cloudv r,?
B^er 29.88 64 42 NE CtoSdv %
garson 20.04 60 42 W Cloudy CO
E"--eka 30.12 62 E2 EW Cloudy W
PVesno 30.04 74 52 NW Clear Oft
Flagstaff 29.J4 68 42 SW Cletr "00
Pccatello, Idaho. -.29.86 68 50 8 Ram "o»
Independence 29.S8 70 46 E Clear 'oo
Los Angeles 29.52 72 50 SW Clear 00
Phoenix 29.74 94 70 W clear 'oo
Portland 30.10 60 50 SE Cloudy T
£«1 Bluff 30.08 72 52 S Pt Cldy 00
Boseburg 30.12 62 64 E C^udy M
Sacramento 39.08 72 60 NE Clear 'oo
Bait Lake 29.66 78 62 W Pt?Cldy 30
San Francisco 30.C2 62 54 W Clear 00
San Luis Obispo... 30.06 76 44 W Clear '00
Ban Diego 2S.90 66 66 NW Clear 'oo
Seattle zo.08 60 42 S Cloudy .00
Spokane 23.82 78 48 SW Clear .00
ICeah Bay S0.C8 C8 50 W Cloudy 01
Walla Walla- 2S.S8 74 46* S Pt.Cldy .00
Winncmucca, 29.98 66 40 SW Cloudy 00
Yuma 29.76 S2 64 W Clear '.00
Temperature — 1 a. m., 54.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL.
FORECAST.
The storm over Utah has apparently moved
elowly northward. During the post twenty
*our hours the pressure has risen along the
coast north of San Francisco. There has been
a sharp fall In temperature between the Sierra
and the Rocky Mountains. At Salt Lake there
has been a fall of 30 degrees in twenty-four
hours. Thunderstorms are reported In Utah
and Idaho, with heavy rains. At Boise City
1.04 inches of rain has fallen. No rain has
fallen in California. * .
Forecast made at San Franc'sco for thirty,
hours ending midnight. October 4, 1901:
Northern California— Fair Friday; light north
erly winds.
Southern California— Fair Friday: light west
erly winds.
Nevada— Fair, warmer Friday; fresh westerly
San Francisco and vicinity— Fair, warmer
Friday; light northerly winds, changing to
westerly. ALEXANDER G. McADIE.
Forecast Official.
The Oregon Crops.
Imports of Btaple groceries at this port dur
ing the first eight months of the year were as
follows, compared with the same time last
rear: Of Sugar, 8,717,000 lbs, valued at J229.5S0,
against 124,668,200 lbs at $3,646,100; Coffee, 41,679,
200 lbs at $4,405,300, against 21.595,730 lbs at
£2 2S7 200; Rice, 2fi,565,780 lbs at J5C8.000, against
Su - 731.720 lbs at $625,000; Tea, 6,818.800 lbs at
$321.0*50. against S,960,4S0 lbs at $1,117,900.
This is exclusive of 501,660,000 lbs Sugar re
ceived this year from the Hawaiian Islands.
Imports of Groceries. r
taken to-day for an overhauling and a re
adjustment generally of current quotations for
Industrial stocks. An extensive assortment
came under the purview of the professional
traders on the exchange, who went systemat
ically throug-h the whole list with a testing
process of what is called "offering down."
If no purchaser was forthcoming for a stock
at the last quoted prices it was offered at
successively lower prices until the making of
a purchase fixed the new price level. The
results of this process demonstrated a barren
ness of the public appetite for these securities,
which is a revelation to many- persons who
have been Impressed with the quoted prices
ruling in the market. These prices in many
cases were made during the period of active
speculation, when purchasers could be at
tracted by the mere device of a sudden ad
vance in market quotations. Actual transac
tions in a number of the securities have been
few and far between for many months past.
To-day's operations revealed the fact that the
supporting; orders which were Kept in these
stocks while there was any hope of outside
1-urchases had been entirely withdrawn and
the quotations crumbled away into fragments
under the offering down process above de
scribed. Some of the sufferers in the various
movements were affected by specific develop
ments, such as declining earnings and actual
or .threatened new competition, but the whole
class of stocks was too generally affected for
any explanation to suffice except one of gen
eral application. Of course the results amount
to a clear demonstration that ruling prices
have been the result of flagrant manipulation.
The severe speculative losses caused by the
recent collapse in the price of Amalgamated
Copper is probably the immediate cause of
the spirit of distrust engendered against the
industrials as a class. The action of the
United States Steel Corporation on Tuesday
in publishing a» statement of monthly net
earnings induced a feeling that other indus
trial corporations must follow suit or suffer
loss of confidence. A statement of the extreme
declines recorded will serve to complete the
story of the day. These were: National Fait,
15 l i. no sales of the preferred, but quoted at
55(g60 at the closing, compared with the pre
vious sale of 75H: International Power, 32%;
New York Airbrake, 7*4; Glucose, $%; Bargen
County Gas and United States Rubber pre
ferred, 5; National Lead preferred, 3%; Amer
ican Wool preferred and United States Rub
ber common, 3%: American Smelting, 3*4:
Tennessee Coal. Twin City Rapid Transit and
People's Gas, 3. The list of industrial stocks
which declined from 1 to 2 is too long for
specification here. The railroad list was ex
tremely dull and rather sluggish, but it is
•significant of the spirit of the speculation that
New York. Chicago and St. Louis second pre
ferred relapsed 5V4 points, the common 3^4,
and the other Vanderbilts from 1 to 2 after
their recent manipulation. The whole market
closed active and weak after showing some
resistance during the day owing to the weak
ening effect of the industrials.
Railroad bonds were irregular. Total sales,
par value, $1,990,000. -
United States bonds were all unchanged on
the last call.
XEW YORK STOCK LIST. .
Stocks— Sales. High. Low. Close.
Atchison 37,000 76% 75% 7o%
Atchison pfd 1,200 96 95»£ 95Va
Baltimore & Ohio 1,200 100% 100 89hk
Baltimore & Ohio pfd... 200 93 93 93
Canadian Pacific 900 109Vi 109 108%
Canada Southern 800 82 81 81
Chesapeake & Ohio 900 44% 44>i 44^4
Chic & Alton 400 36"g 36»4 36M,
Chic & Alton pfd 500 77% 77% 77
Chic Ind & Louis 1,000 41% 41 41
Chic Ind & Louis pfd... 1TK) 73 73 73
Chic & Eastern Illinois. 100 126 126 125
Chic Great Western 1,300 22% 21% 21%
Chic & Great WfcA pfd.. 100 85 85 84Vi
Chic & Great W B pfd 44
Chic & Northwestern 193
Chic Rock Is & Pac 300 141 140V4 140
Chic Tetm & Trans 400 20% 20^4 20%
Chic Tf 1 & Trans pfd 1,100 39V4 38V4 38%
C C C t Louis 400 95 94 93%
Colo S .hern 900 13% 13% 13%
Colo Southern 1st pfd.. 100 63% 53% 53%
Colo Southern 2d pfd.... 200 24% 24% 24
Delaware & Hudson 3,200 165 164 164
Del Lack & W. ex div.. 200 221% 221% 220%
Denver & Rio Grande... 100 44% 44% 44^,
Denver & Rio G pfd 600 92% 91% 91%
Erie 200 41 40% 40%
Erie 1st pfd 1,400 69 68% 68%
Erie 2d pfd 300 55 54% 54
Great Northern pfd 100 186 186 186
Hocking Valley 100 52% 52% 52%
Hocking Valley pfd 74
Illinois Central 300 144 144 143%
Iowa Central 900 39% 39 38%
Iowa Central pfd 100 75' 75 74'
Lake Erie & Western 66
Lake Erie & W pfd 127 '
Louisville & Nashville.. 1,300 103 102% 102%
Manhattan L g.700 121% 114% 119%
Metropolitan St Ry 2,100 163 162 162
Mexican Central 300 23 2'% 22%
Mexican National 400 13% 13% 13
Minneapolis & St' Louis 104
'Missouri Pacific 6,600 95% 94* 94
Mo Kan & Tex 26^
Mo Kan & Tex pfd 200 52% 52« 52
New Jersey Central 162
New York Central 1,800 157 155 155
Norfolk & Western 4,500 54 53% 63%
Norfolk & Western pfd g9w
Northern Pacific pfd 951/
Ontario & Western 600 33% 33% 33
Pennsylvania 4,500 144 143% 143%
Reading 9>4 oo 40% 39% 3S%
Reading 1st pfd 900 75% 75 74%
Reading 2d pfd 700 51 50% 50%
St L & San Fran AOO 44% 44« 441I
St L & San Fran 1st pfd ...„ „ **.. 77 *
St L & San Fran 2d pfd 100 66% 66% 66%
St L Southwestern 800 29% 29 28
St L Southwestern pfd.. 300 61% 60 60
It Paul pf Q :::::::::::::: 7 : 300 160% 159% jg*
Southern Pacific 8.960 56% 55% 55%
Southern Railway 8,100 32% 32% ?2U
Southern Railway pfd.. "£oo 86% I?* f&
Toledo St L & West ¦ 91
Toledo. St L & West pfd '.' """ 3J1/
Union Pacific 17,000 §6% 95% 9574
Union Pacific pfd '500 87%" h% | 7 £
W abash 400 21«4 21V4 21
Wabash pfd 900 3834 271? %%u
Wheeling & Lake Erie. 300 17% I? 17"
Wheeling & L E 2d pfd ../.. .... 9S>A
Wisconsin Central 400 21»i 21 ii %\£.
Wisconsin Central pfd. 200 42W 41? *w
Express Companies— **
Adams -.-
American 100 isa irq"* ,iii
United States . .. 189 189 n l
Wells Fargo '^.Y. "" 160
Miscellaneous — """
Amalgamated Copper... 3.400 91% 90 89%
American Car & Fndry. 5.200' 26 25 27
Amer Car & Fndry pfd. 1,800 80% 79% 7914
American Linseed Oil * £™
Amer Linseed Oil pfd " """" IV
Amer Smeltg & Refng. 4,100 44% 4l" 4TU
Am Smeltg & Refng pfd 800 96 95 95%
Anaconda Mining Oo... 2,000 37 36 36
Brooklyn Rapid Transit 23,400 61% 60 60
Colorado Fuel & Iron... 400 83% 91% 91
Consolidated Gas 1,100 21S% 216% 216U
Continental Tobacco pfd 100 115 115 115
General Electric 200 236 255% 255
Glucose Sugar 4,600 50 45% 45
Hocking Coal 600 17 16 15
International Paper 1,800 22% 2Hi 2Hi
International Paper pfd 900 76% 76 76
International Power.... 4,300 93 81% 89 '
Laclede Gas . 0?
National Biscuit 200 43% «" 43
National Lead 5,100 21W. 19>A 19V,
N^onailaW-pM:::::- «• » ll f
SS&^ff?..::: " i66 "* "* U
Pacific Mail "266 «% «" -41%
People s Gas 25,900 105% 102% 103
Krfil^ i! If J%
Tennessee Coal & Iron.. 2,800 62 59 69%
Union Bag & Paper Co. 500 15% 15 • 151!
Union Bag & P Co pfd „ " IV 1
United States Leather.. 9,500 1214 it" [\u
U S Leather pfd 1.400 79 78 7s
United States. Rubber.. 6,500 16 12% 12U
U S Rubber pfd lilOO 62% 48 «
United States Steel .... 26,000 43% 43 A
United States Steel pfd. 13.500 94 93% 93V
Western Union i,000 91 90% 90%
Total' sales 411,300
NEW TORK BONDS.
US ref 2s reg....lO9 L & N Unl 4s.... 101%
Do coup 109' Mex Cent 4s ....: 84
Do 2s reg 107% Do 1st inc 3S%
Do coup 108 Minn & St L. 4S..1O4
Do new 4s reg. .138% M K & T 4s 8S '
Financial quotations as before. Silver unchanged.
Slight decline in Wheat futures. ....
All minor cereals quiet and featureless.
Hay in good tone. Some changes in Feedstuff s.
Beans and Seeds dull at previous prices.
Potatoes and Onions about as before quoted.
Butter arm. Cheese steady. Eggs rather slozv.
Provisions steadier at Chicago and firm here.
Receipts of Hogs falling off again. . '
Two cars of Eastern Poultry arrived.
Grapes continue to arrive in bad condition.
Hides and Tallow firm.
Fair business on the local stock exchanges.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
! New York Stock Market. '
: JOEW TORK. Oct. «.— The opportunity waa
EASTERN MARKETS.
Information was received at army head
quarters yesterday that two batteries of
New Troops for Presidio.
Recommends Street Pavingr.
The Supervisor's Street Committee
recommended yesterday the paving of
Mls3lon road from Sliver to Onondaga av
enue at a cost of $30,000, half of which
has been subscribed by property owners.
The paving of Fourth street from Harri
son to Bryant. $3400; Sutter street from
Grant avenue to Stockton. $2345: Stockton
street from Pacific to Union. $9390- P03*
street from Leavenworth to Hyde. S2970 :
? ush , street from Grant avenue to Stock
ton, J3375; Jackson street from Montgom
ery to Sansome. $9000. -was also recom
mended.
. Exchange and Bullion.
Sterling Exchange, GO days — - $454
Sterling Exchange, sight — . 4 86
Sterling Cables _ 4 «?«
New York Exchange, sight — 7%
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 10
Silver, Der ounce .-. ss%
Mexican Dollars, nominal 47 <j 47^
Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT— Chicago was steady, with a good
cash demand. Inquiries having been sent out
to conservative millers throughout the West
as to whether it were true that wheat and low
grade flour were being fed to stock, it appears
from their answers that such is the case. The
low grade flour is run into mill feed, and con
siderable wheat is being fed to stock. This ex
plains the light receipts of winter wheat. This
feeding must soon become a factor in the mar
ket. .Minneapolis stocks will probably V in
crease 300,000 bushels for the week. Heavy
frosts were predicted for the Central West
St. Louis reported a good deal of long wheat
coming out. • . .¦ • •
' This market was dull, with a further shad
ing in futures. ' ¦•--.,
Spot Wheat— Shipping, 95@96Vic; milling, 98%c
@$1 02% per ctl.
CALL BOARD SALES^
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— December—
2000 ctls, 9S',ic; 4000, 98Vfcc. May— 8000, $1 02; 10 -
000, $1 02%. •
Second Session— May— 2000 ctls, $1 02%.
Regular Morning Session— December — 6000
ctls, 98c; 2000, 9S%c. May— 4000, $102%.
Afternoon Session — December — 4000 ctls,
98% c.
BARLEY— The market continues sluggish and
without feature.
Feed, 72%@73%c for choice bright, 70@71%c
for No. 1 and 67%c for off grades; Brewing and
Shipping grades, 77%@82%c; Chevalier, 95c@
$1 05 per ctl. . ,_
v CALL BOARD SALES. •
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— No sales
Second Session— No sales. •
Regular Morning Session— December— 14 000
ctls. 69c; 6000, 68%c. . '
Afternoon Session— December— 2000 ctls 68%c
2000. 68%c. May— 2000. 71c; 18.00, 70% c. '
OATS— The demand continues light and offer
ings are larger. There is a little demand for
seed, but not ¦ enough to affect the market ¦
Grays. $1 10®l 20: whites, $1 10@l 30; black
$l(f?l J5. and red, $1 05@l 20 per ctl.
CORN— Chicago was flrnj. It was reported
that the Iowa State report would show a crop
condition of 70 to 71, whereas the Government
report gave it at 55. St. Louis reported a good
deal of long Corn coming out.
This market stood the same as before and
was dull: -
Eastern Is quoted to arrive in hulk at $1 62W
for White. $1 52% for Yellow and $1 57V.@l 60
for mixed. • . ¦¦ •¦"*
RYE— 75®77%c per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— Nominal; none In flrat hands.
, Flour and Millstuffs.'
FLOUR— California Family Extras, »3 25®
3 50, usual terms; Bakers' Extras, $3 15@3 25;
Oregon, $2 50@2 75 per barrel for family and
$2 75@3 for bakers' j, Washington -bakers', $2 75
r MILLSTUFFS-^Prices in sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, $3 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, $2 75- Rye
Meal. $2 50; Rice'Flour, $7; Corn Meal $3 25
extra cream do, $4; Oat Groats. $5; Hominy S4
(Bi 25; - Buckwheat -Flour. $4@4 25; Cracked
Wheat, $3 50; Farina, $4 50; Whole Wheat
Flour, $3 25; Rolled Oats (barrels), $6 85®8 35
in sacks, $6 50@8; Pearl Barley, $5; Split Peas
$5; Green Peas, $6 50 per 100 lbs. • .
Hay and Feedstuff s. :".,. .;
The settlement of the strike ought to have a
good effect on the Hay market, as the move
ment has been seriously hampered during the
past two months. Receipts are now expected to
increase.
A few slight changes in Feedstuff s' will be
seen. V:--..:--' ¦ v . • ¦.<¦"'•;¦. .
BRAN— $20 50@21 BO per ton.
MIDDLINGS— J22@23 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley, $16@17 per
ton;-Oilcake Meal at the mill. $26; jobbing,
$2C 50@27; Cocoanut Cake. $16 50@17 50; Corn
Meal. $34@34 50; Cracked Corn. $34 50@35; Mixed
Feed, $18@19c.
HAY— Wheat, $7 50@10; Choice. $10 50@ll;
Wheat and Oat. $7 50@10 50; Oat, $7 5O@9; Bar
ley and Oat. $6 50@8 50; Alfalfa, $8@10 50; Clo
ver, $5 50@7; Vojunteer, $5@7; Stock. $5@6 per
STRAW— 25@42%c per bale. *
Beans and Seeds.
Prices show no further change. Business is
quiet, though there is some demand for Beans
for shipment. .
» BEANS-Bayos. $2 40@2 65; Small White, $4;
Large White, $2 40@2 65; Pea. $4 50@4 75; Pink,
$2 40@2 45; Red. $3@3 25; Bl&ckeye. $3 50; Llmas,
nominal; Red Kidney, $3 50@4 per ctl.
SEEDS — Brown Mustard, $3@3 50; Yellow
Mustard, $3 35@3 50; Flax. $2 65@3 25; Canary,
3 ] /i@3%c for Eastern; Alfalfa, nominal; Rape,
1%@2%c; Hemp. 3%c per lb.
DRIED PHAS— Niles. $1 75@1 90; Green. $1 75
@2 per ctl. V
Potatoes,' Onions and Vegetables.
¦ Both Potatoes and Onions remained about the
same, receipt* nt both about balancing the de
mand. There •were no receipts of Sweets from
Merced, but there will be some in to-day.
Vegetables were steady as stocks are lighter.
Receipts of Tomatoes were smaller, especially
from the Bay.
POTATOES— 60@uuc In sacks for Burbanks
from the river ? Salinas Burbanks, $1 10@l 40;
Sweets, 50@75c for Rivers and 95c@$l for Mer
ced.
ONIONS— $1 10@l 25 per ctl; Pickle Onions, 60
@75c per ctl. '
- VEGETABLES— Green Peas 3c for Garden;
String Beans, l@3c; Llmas. $1 per sack; Cab
bage, 60@75c . per ctl ; Tomatoes from tMe
river, 20@25c; from Alairieda 30@5Oc; Dried Pep.
pers. 10@12%c;' Green Okra, 40@65c per box;
Carrots, 25<g>35c per sack; Cucumbers. 25@40c;
Pickles, 2%rgf3cTer lb for small and .l@iy.c for
large; Garlic.. 2@3c; . Green Peppers, 35@50c per
box for Chile. and 35@50c for Bell; Egg Plant,
35@50c per box; Green Corn, 40@75c per sack;
Alameda, 50c@$l per crate; Berkeley, 50@75c;
Summer Squash.' large boxes. 30<J?50c; new Mar
rowfat Squash, f8@10 per ton; Hubbard Squash,
Poultry and Game.
¦ Two cars of Eastern Poultry came in, mak
ing four for the week. Prices for all descrip
tions stood about the' same. ¦
Arrivals of Game were 53 sacks, and quota
tions were rather, lower.
¦ POULTRY— Live Turkeys, 15@16c for Gobblers.
and-15@16c-for Hens; -Geese, per pair, $150®
1 75; Goslings, $1 50@l ?5; Ducks, $3@3 50 for old
and $3 6O@5 for young; Hens, $3 50@5; young
Roosters. $i@5; old Roosters. $3 50@4; Fryers.
$3 5004; Broilers. ¦ $3(93 50 for large and $-' J5@
2 75 for small: Pigeons, $1 25@I 50 per dozen for
old and $r75@2for Squabs.
GAME— Doves, per dozen, $1; Hare, $1@1 25;
Rabbits, $1 50 for Cottontail and $1(31 25 for
Brush; Mallard, $5@8; Sprig, $5@6: Teal, $3@4;
Widgeon, $3; Small Ducks, $2; Gray Geese,
$4 50.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Fancy creameries continue very firm, as will
be seen by the' quotations. Stocks are mod
erate and the demand Is good. The lower
grades are less inquired for, though they are
carried up by the fancy brands. Cheese has
not changed for some ' time.
Dealers continue to quote a dragging market
for Eggs, though there has been a steady ad
vance for some time.. There is no accumula
tion of stock, however. Storage Eggs are
higher.
Receipts were 28,000 pounds of Butter,
pounds Eastern Butter, 509 cases of Eggs,
cases Eastern Eggs,. 11,200 pounds- of California
Cheese and — = pounds Eastern Cheese.
BUTTER— Creamery, 27@27%c per lb for fancy
and 25@26c for seconds; dairy, 18@21c; store
Butter. 15@17%c per lb; Creamery Tub, 22^.c;
Pickled Roll, 19<B)20c; Keg, 18@19c per lb.
CHEESE-New, ll@12c; old. 10%c; Young
America, 12%c per lb; Eastern. 13@15c.
EGGS— Ranch, 35@36c for selected large. 32@
34c for good to choice and 27%@30c for fair;
store, 22@25c per dozen; cold storage, 21@25c;
Eastern, 17%@23c.
Deciduous and -Citrus Fruits
Grapes continue to come in cracked by the
rain and some Intended for the East have been
diverted to this market on this account. The
poor condition of the' fruit interfered with the
shipping demand for the north yesterday.
Receipts of Melons were lighter and the mar
ket was steady.
There were very few good fresh Peaches In,
but there was plenty of old stock on hand.
Persimmons from Penryn sold at $1@1 25 per
box, some extra choice bringing $1 50.
Strawberries came in late and had to go low
in consequence. ¦ .
A few choice Seedless Grapes came in from
Martinez and sold at $3 per 30-lb box.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS.
APPLES— 75c@$l 25 per box for good to choice
and 25@65c for ordinary. . ...
PLUMS — 10@75c per box; Prunes, 50c@$l per
crato.
PEACHES— 25@40c per box; Peaches In car
riers, 25@50c; Mountain Peaches. 40@60c per
box. ' •
POMEGRANATES— 60c@$l per box.
PEARS— "Winter Pears. 49c@$l per box.
QUINCES— 35®60c per box.
STRAWBERRIES- to per chest for Long
worths and* $3@4 for large berries.
BLACKBERRIES-$3@4 per chest.
LOGAN BERRIES per chest.
RASPBERRIES— J5@6 per box.
HUCKLEBERRIES- 7@8c per lb.
CRANBERRIES— Cape Cod, ?S 75@9 per bar
rel; Coos Bay, $2 50(£3 per box.
FIGS— Black, 30@60c for double layer boxes;
White, 25@40c.
MELONS — Nutmegs, 25@50c per box; Canta
loupes, 60c@$l per crate; Watermelons, $3@15
per 100.
GRAPES— Large open boxes bring about 50 „
per cent more than small boxes and crates,
which are quoted as follows: Sweetwater,
25®50c per box and crate; Tokay, 30@65c; Mus
cat, 25@60c: Black, 35@60c; Isabella, 35@63c;
Cornichon, 63@85c; Wine Grapes, $28@32 per ton
for Zlnfandel and $24-326 for White.
CITRUS FRUITS— Oranges. 50c@$3 50; Lem
ons, $1@1 25 for common and $2@2 50 for good to
choice: Grape Fruit. $1@2 50; Mexican Limes,
fresh. .$6@6 50; repacked, $4 50@5; Bananas, 65c
<g$l 50 per bunch; Pineapples, $1 50@3 j>er dozen.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
The shipping demand for fruits continues
good and dealers have no complaints to make
on this score. Mail reports from New York,'
published, elsewhere, indicate a slow improve
ment in the demand for Prunes, following the
receipt of the first lot of new crop in that
market. Raisins continue very unsettled, ow
ing to the lack of 'co-operation among the
growers and packers, which makes Eastern
buyers wary about taking hold.
Chestnuts from Stockton sold at 20c per lb.
FRUITS— Apricots, 7%@8%c for Royals and 8
@13c for standard to fancy Moorparks; Evapo
rated Apples, 6@"c; sun-dried, 3%@4%c;
Peaches. 5%@8c; Pears. 5@9c; Plums, pitted,
4@5%c; unpltted, l@2c; Nectarines,. 5@6c for red
and 5%@6%c for white; Figs, 3%@3%c for black.
PRXINES— New crop are quoted as follows:
30-40's 5%S5?ic; 40-50's, 5@5%c; 5O-60c, 4%@4%c;
fiO-70's. 4©4%c: 70-80' s. 3%@3?ic; 80-90' s, 3@3%c;
90-100' s, 2%@2%c per lb.
¦ RAISINS (price per 20-lb box): Clusters-
Imperial, $3: Dehesa, $2 60; fancy, $1 75. Lon
don layers— Three-crown, $135; Two-crown,
$1 25. Price per lb: Standard loose Muscatels—
Four-crown, 4%c: Three-crown, 4i/Jq; Two-
crown, 3%c; Seedless Muscatels, 4%c; Seedless
Sultanas, 5%c; Thompson Seedless, ¦ 6%e.
Bleached Sultanas— Fancy, 8%c; choice, 7%c
standard, 6%c; prime. 5%c. Bleached Thomp
sons—Extra fancy, lie; fancy, 10c; choice, 9c;
standard. 7V6c; prime, 6%c ¦ ¦
NUTS— Walnuts. No. 1 softshell, 9%c; No. 2
7%c; No. 1 hardshell, 9c: No. 2, 7c; Almonds
13@14c for papershell, 10@llc for softshell and
6(g6c for hardshell; Peanuts. 5@7c for. Eastern;
Brazil Nuts. 12@12%c: Filberts, 12@12%c; Pe
cans, ll@13c; Cocoanuts, $3 50<g>5.
HONEY— Comb, " 12@12%c for bright and 10©
ll%c for light amber; water white extracted, 6%
@6c; light amber extracted, 4%@5c; dark, 4@
4V4c — ' - ¦ .
BEESWAX— 25@28c per lb.
Provisions.
There was more steadiness at Chicago, but
the feeling was still unsettled, with irregular
prices. There was less support to the market
and Hogs dragged. ' . .
There was no change In this market, dealers
quoting a steady feeling.
CURED MEATS— Bacon, 12%c per lb for
heavy, 12%@13c for light medium, lie for light.
15c for extra light and 16c for sugar-cured-
Eastern sugar-cured Hams, 14@14%c; California
Hams. 13%c: Mess Beef, $11. per barrel; extra
Mess," $12; Family. $12 50; prime Mess Pork
$15; extra clear, $23; Mess, $19; Smoked Beef'
14c per pound." ¦ ' .
LARD— Tierces quoted at 7%@8c per" lb for
compound and 12c for pure; half- barrels, pure
12%c; 10-lb tins,.12%c; 5-lb tins, I2%c; 3-lb tins'
13c. V • "
COTTOLENE— One half-barrel, 10%c; three
half -barrels. 10c; one tierce, 9%c; two tierce*
9%c; five tierces, 9%c perlb.
f Hides, -Tallow, Wool and Hops.
Hides and Tallow rule firm and in good de
mand. i'.>f-^C " -
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls . and brands sell
about' l'/5c under quotations. . Heavy salted
Steers, lie; medium,, 10c; light, 9c; Cow Hides
9%c for heavy and 9c for light; Stags, 7c- Salted
Kip. 9%c; Salted Veal, jOc: Salted Calf, loir
lOVic; Dry Hides. 16@16%c: Culls. 14c; Dry KId
16c; Dry Calf, ISc; ; Culls and Brands 15c'
Sheepskins, shearlings, 15@30c each; short Wool'
LOCAL MARKETS.
Business was bet**- on the morning session
of the Bond Exchange. Honokaa recovered
from its decline of the day before and sold
up to $10 37%, the lowness of the quotation
attracting buyers. Market Street Railroad
was off at $86. The rise in Alaska Packers'
is due to the fine condition of the company
and the unvarying regularity of its dividends.
Its ninety-fourth dividend of 75c has already
been announced. . ¦
There was rather more doing in the oil
stocks, though prices showed little change.
In the afternoon Market Street Railroad was
still -lower at $85 and Gas and Electric sold
from $43 50 down to $43 12&. Giant Powder
was firmer at $75 62%.
The assessment of 5c on the Century Oil
stock falls delinquent on the exchanze on
the 18th. .
-The West Shore Oil Company has declared
a dividend of 5c, payable on the 31st.
The California Wine Association has declared
the usual monthly dividend of 60c per share,
payable on the 10th.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
THURSDAY. Oct. 8—2 p. m.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bid. Ask. Bid.Ask.
4s quar coup.. 112 113 4s qr c (new).13S%133%
4s quar reg..-112 113 3s quar coup. 108 103
MISCELLANEOUS.
Bay C P C 53.106^107 Oceanic SS 5s.lO3 —
Cal-st 5s 118 — Omnibus C 6S.129J4 —
C C Water 5s. 110 — Pac G Imp 4s. — , 99
Ed L & P 6s. — 131% Pk & Cl H 6s.lO9 —
Fer & C H 6s. — — Pk & O R 6s.m —
Geary-st 5s ... — — Powll-st R 6s. — —
H C & S 5%s. — — Sac E G R 5s. 95 —
Do 5s 98%— S F & SJV 5s. — —
Los Ang R 5s.ll6Vi — . Sierra Cal 6s. — —
L A Light 6s.. 101% — S P of Ariz 6s
Do gntd 6s. .100 — (1909) 106H —
Do gntd 5s.. 100^107% (1910) ........113% —
L A & Pac 5S.101 102 S P of Cal 6s
Do 1 c m 5s. — — (1905), Ser A.106H —
Mkt-st Cab 6s. — 128% (1905). Ser B.107% —
Do 1 c m 58.122 — (1906) 109 —
Nev C N G 7s. — — (1912) 119% —
N R of Cal 6s.ll2% — S P of Cal 1st
Do 5s 121%122% c gntd 5s 110% —
Nor Pac C 6s.l01% — S P Br Cal 6s.l33% —
Do 5s 107 107% S V Water 6s.lll% —
Nor Cal R 5s.. Ill — Do 4s 103 103H
Oak Gas 5s.... 112 — Do 4s. 3d tn.101% —
Oak Trans 6s.l20% — Stktn Gas 6s.lO4 —
Oak Wat g 5s. 104 —
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa.. 75% 75% Port Costa.... 62% 65
Marin County. 53 — Spring Valley. 87% 88
- GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent L & P... — — Pacific Light.. 42 —
Equitable 3% 4 Sacramento...— 40
Mutual 4% 5% S F G & E.... 43H 43%
Oakland 50% 51 San Francisco. 4% 4%
Pac Gas Imp. 38% 40 Stktn G & E.. 8 —
• • . INSURANCE.
Fireja's Fund. 240 — |
BANKS.
Anglo-Cal .... — '77 L P & A 157%160
California 40K — Mer Ex (liq).. 16 —
Cal Safe Dep..lO8% — S F National.. 130 —
First Nationl..305 • —
• , SAVINGS BANKS.
German 1895 — Sav & Loan... — —
Humboldt — — Security Sav.. 275 —
Mutual Sav.... 57 — Union Trust.. 1600 —
San Francisco. 523 —
1 STREET RAILROADS.
California 130 — |O S L & H 40 —
Geary — 50 Presidio 32 —
Market — 86 '
POWDER.
Giant 75% 75%lVigorlt 8% 4H
SUGAR.
HamV 5% 6 Kilauea 10% 11%
Hawaiian — 50 Makawell 24% 24%
Honokaa' :10 10% Onomea — 25
Hutchlnson ... 14% 14% Paauhau 10% 10H
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
Alaska Pack.. 142 143% Oceanic S Co. 42% 46
Cal Fruit Can. 97 — ,Pac Aux F A.. 2% —
Cal Wine Asn. — 87%; Pac C Borax.. — —
MerExchange.110 — iPar Paint 16 —
Morning Session.
Board—
10 California Street Railroad 130 00
10 California Wine Association 87 75
50 Giant Powder Con 75 00
5 Honokaa Sugar Co 10 37%
$1,000 Los Angeles Railway 5s US 25
50 Makawell ....' 24 50
50 Market Street Railway 86 00
$15,000 Oakland Gas Bonds ill 73
5 • 5 Oceanic Steamship Compnay 43 00
$1000 Oceanic Steamship Bonds ..103 23 ;
- 75 S F Gas & Electric Co 43 75
50 S F Gas & Electric Co..... 43 62%
$5,000 S F & S J V Bonds .........122 50
•1 Spring Valley Water 87 50
35 Spring Valley Water 87 23
-» ¦'¦¦-'• Street—
100 S F Gas & Electric Co 43 75
$1,000 S P of Arizona (1909) 112 75
Afternoon Session.
Board— ¦
5 California Wine Association 87 50 •
30 Giant Powder Con 75 62%
80 Honokaa 10 25
5 Market Street Railway 85 00
30 Oakland Gas 50 50
160 Paauhau S P Co 10 3^U.
5 S F Gas & Electric Co-. 43 50
5 S F Gas.& Electric Co 43 3714
20 S F Gas & Electric Co 43 23 "
25 S F Gas & Electric Co 43 1*14
$2,000 Spring Valley 4s (2d mortgage).. 103 25
¦ • 5 Spring. Valley Water 87 3714
20 Spring Valley Water 87 25
• Street—
*4,C0O.N.P C R R 6s. .........102 50
$10,000 Northern Railway of Cal 5s. 121 75
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
PALACE HOTEL.
Miss C A Levy, Wash. E Block. N T
DC K L, Taylor. N T
C B Crawford, Topeka L C Ferret. Denver
T T Goodwin. NY DA Freeman. Denver
C R McWilliams, N Y I A Metcalf, N Y
A O Hewitt, Boston Miss J E Ringwalt. Pa
C L Merriam. Stanford Miss M A Parke. Pa
W J Wiley. San Mateo MIsa A T Puchett. Pa
W C Stone, San Mateo C Pardee. Philadelphia
W C Johnson. Maine E M Rosa, Loa Ang:
Mrs E W Hale, Sacto J Sparks, Nev
Mrs J E Terrean, Sac Miss L M MHayes. Cal
•F A Hihn, S Cruz Miss V Percy. Sfanfrd
Mrs K C Cooe. S Cruz G J* Fries, Buffalo
Miss Hihn, Sta Cruz A J Barnes, Chicago
Mrs J H Norton, L A J I McMullen & w
Miss A M Norton. LA USA
Miss M Mather, Napa C H Shoemaker. Pa
A G Gordon & fy, F S Johnson & w. Cal
Hongkong Mrs C P Morgan, Chlo
W G Ryan, NY R W Foster. N Y
A Alderdice. NY D G Curtis, Pa
J E Cohn, Cal H R Wood. Lo» Ang
H P Baldwin, Detroit Mr Hozensteln & w.
W O Walters & w, Germany
Detroit Miss Hozensteln. Ger
J McCarroIl. Detroit A L Bell, Ireland
H Tatlode. Mich Dr. B L Holt. S Jo««
J A Leschen, St Louis G M Murphy & w, Saa
H A Haizh. Detroit Jose
C W B Comstock. Mich F H Hayes, N Y
W A Comstock, Mich H V Stillwell & w, P»
W W Miller & w. Iowa H R Hickock. USA
W II Bacon. Boston W A Brewer. S Mateo
J C Chase. Loa Ang J B Frisbie, Mexico
L Bruck. N Y Mr. Nordsierk. Berlin
W A Roberts. Plttsbrg C D Rodgers, Chicago
P Deck. Plttsburg S Hughes. Chicago
J J Palmer & w. To- F L Sylia. Boston
ronto J W Robinson. Chicago.
Miss M McMullen, W T Finning. Martinez
Toronto ¦ J Rankin, Martinez
C H Hijtble. NY . DrJMG Carter. Ill
GRAND HOTEL.
C A Sandry, Chicago Mrs C S Batea. Clevld
Mrs B F Stark, Pa E Snuth. N Y
Miss A Lyons, Pa L Jacobson. Chicago
Mrs E J Rogers, Denvr C Burke.. Fresno
Mrs J D Luckett.Tenn R M Allen, Stanfor*
Misa B Luckett. Tenn J A Stone. Redlands
Miss S Anderson. Tenn H Simmons, Chicago
Miss E Buford. Nashvl I L Collins, Orange
Mrs F G Wake. Ky N J Brown, Los An*
W D McKinzle & w.Cal A Pugh. Nevada
J M Tomlinson. Seattle T C Widick & w Neb
T Biundell, Sydney A W Burkow, Cal
W H Jackson, Detroit J H Marcuse, Cal
DrFM Archer, Cal R M Levering, Lo Ang
S Pragre & w. La Ang Mrs E V Darling. Nana
Mrs J B Runyan, Ohio F Cox & w, Sacto
T A Daughter, Wash G W Peltier St w Sao
R E Ober, Duluth G J Ketchum N*Y
N H Edwards, Duluth F M Phelps Lo« Ang
C F J Wrigley, Buffalo A M Preston Cal
T W Gallion. Rosevllle O F Miller & w Cal
E E Wilson. Louisville Mrs A F Thomson. Cal
L S Rassien & w. Mo Miss B Thomson Cal
Mrs S R Buder. Mo G Swain, Stockton
O E Buder. Mo G C Swain. Stockton
R A Rowan, Los Ang R D Merrill, Wash
O S Picher. Loa Ang D Welder, Detroit
J L Walsh, Paso Robls Mrs Prltchard, Sacto
P Kehl. Los Ang W Hawes. N Y
E Bayla & w. N Y F Schwartzkopp. Chin*
C Werner & w. N Y W Walker. Pittsburg
Miss J Miller, S Barb Mrs Reed. Annapolis
L Kahn. Los Alamos F Murray, Boston
H B Mulr. Wlllets B Hahn. Pasadena
H L Sallenbach, Cal p Hall Pasadena
E A Clark & w. Gllroy Rev Vandergart & w.
C A Gay, Boston Healdsburg :
H Zurkschwerdt. N Y Miss Houston.' Hld«t>rtf
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
Mrs Loner. Kanaas B Pratt. L Ang
c C Palson, Denver Mrs C Blake. Chicago
J W Blvens, Denver C C Painter, w &d.
FConway & w, Mich Kansas City
Miss N Clark, NY P W Smith, Portland
J & f, Ohio J B Clalr. Portland
L H Coyle. Vlsalla Mrs Sly & c. Portland
wSr?u low ' Vlsalla w 3 Beach. N«br^.
W ¦Williams & w, Reno C C Beach Nebr
S, « If lrd ' Reno G p Hunter & w N T
W H Muscher. Tenn J Galsden & w. Nebr
F \V alters. Ind W F Galleyson. Cal
J S Hussey, Cinn S R Thompson Oakld
S £r.b° ng - Om&haL N H Thompson." Iowa
F Wheeler. Illinois T Jones, Wis
S Bruce, Marysville W Lelninger & w, Ind
STOCK MARKET.
PRODUCERS* OIL EXCHANGE.
Morning Session.
Board — _ •
5 Hanford 103 00
1000 Independence 10
10 Kern River 1 00
2700 Lion 08
1000 Lion, b 90 09
500 Lion, s 60 £?
200 Monarch of Arizona 21
11C0 Oil City Petroleum 25
53 Peerless 5 12&
800 Sovereign 25
100 Sterling 1 *»
400 Sterling 1 37*4
600 Twenty-eight 1 «3
Street—
100 Twenty-eight ••••• 1 63
Afternoon Session.
Board— ~
500 California-Standard 24
100 El Dorado 50
4 Hanford 103 00
500 Independence 10
10 Kern River ~ 7 00
200 Linda Vista 03
634 Occidental of West Virginia 40
200 Peerless 5 12H
200 Peerless, b 90 5 37ft
10O Senator 1 00
MINING STOCKS.
Following: were the sales on the San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Mornln" Session.
300 Belcher JO! 200 Mexican 17
100 Confidence 84 100 Ophir 75
100 Confidence So' 50 Standard 3 40
Afternoon Session.
200 Andes 05 1 200 Sierra Nevada. 19
100 Con Cat & Va.l 65 300 Silver Hill .... 31
100 Ophir 76|
The following: were the sales In the Pacific
Stock Exchange yesterday:
Mornlnor Session.
100 Best & Belcher 17 100 Ophir 77
200 Con Cal & V.I 67Vi 1500 Union Con .... 07
100 Confidence 85 500 Union Con .... OS
200 Gould & Curry 07 500 Union Con .... 06
50OM-!iican 17 500 Yellow Jacket. 09
Afternoon Session.
700 Challenge ..... 19 100 Ophir 7«
BO Challenge IS 300 Union Con .... 07
300 Chollar 07 808 Yellow Jacket. 03
200 Con Cal & V.I 67£
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
THURSDAY. Oct. I— I ». m.
Bid.Ask. BId.Ask.
Alpha — 02 Justice 02 04
Alta <.... 02 05 Kentuck — 03
Andes 05 06 Lady Wash ... 01 —
Belcher 10 11 Mexican 17 IS
Best & Belcher IS 17 Occidental ..... 05 OS
Bullion 01 02 Ophir 75 75
Caledonia 33 34 Overman: 05 06
Challenge 19 20 Potosl 07 OS
Choilar 07 OS j Savage 01 03
Confidence 91 93 Scorpion ....... — 04
Con Cal & Va.l 65 1 70 3eg Belcher .... 02 03
Con Imp — 01 Sierra Nevada. 18 20
Con New York. 01 — Silver Hill .... 30 32
Crown Point ..03 04 St Louis 03 OS
Eureka Con .. 14 — Standard — 3 75
Exchequer — 01 Syndicate — 07
Gould & Curry 06 08 Union Coa .... 06 07
Hale & Norcrs 17 18 Utah 02 03
Julia — 01 Yellow Jacket. 09 10
30@50c each; medium. 50@75c; long "Wool, 90c©
$1 each; Horse Hides, salt. $2 50® 2 75 for large
and $2@2 25 for medium, $1 75 for small and 50c
@*1 for Colts; Horse Hides, dry, $1 75 for large.
$1 25@1 50 for medium, $1 25 for small and 50c
for Colts. Deerskins— Summer or red skins, 35c;
fall or medium skins, 30c; winter or thin skins.
20c. Goatskins— Prime . Angoras, 75c; large and
smooth, 50c: medium. 35c..
TALLOW— Refined, 6%c; No. 1 rendered, 4&
@5%c per lb; No. 2. 3%@4c; grease, 3c.
WOOL— Spring. 1900 or 1901— Southern, defect
ive, 7 months, 7@8c; Oregon Valley fine, 14@
15c; do, medium and coarse, ll@13c; Oreeon.
Eastern, choice, ll@13c; do, fair to good, 9S>
lie; Nevada. 10@12c.
Fall— San Joaquin, 6%@8%c; San Joaquin
Lambs'. 7V4@9c; Middle County, 8® 10c; North
ern Mountain, free, 9@llc; do. defective, S®3c;
Humboldt and Mendoclno, ll@12c per lb.
HOPS-New, 12@15o per lb.
San Francisco Meat Market.
Local packers continue to report an abun
dance of Hogs, though receipts are now falling
off, as the packers have notified their country
connections to cease shipping. They do not
want to see an overstocked Hog market just
now. Other Meats are unchanged.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows:
BEEF— 6@6%c for Steers and 5@5Hc per lb
VEAL-^Large, 7%@8>/4c; small, 8@9c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers, 6&@7c; Ewes. C@6Hc per
pound. •
LAMB— 7@Sc per lb.
PORK— Live hogs, 230 lba and under. 6c; ovei
230 lbs. 5%@5%c; feeders, ; sows, 20 per
cent off; boars, 30 per cent off, and stags, 40
per cent off from the above quotations; dressed
Hogs, 7%<g 9c.
General Merchandise.
GRAIN . BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags, 7%9
P&c; local make, He less than Calcuttas; Wool
Bags, 32@33c; Fleece Twine, 7%@Sc; Fruit
Bag-3, 5%<g6%o for cotton and 7@7%c for jute.
CO ALr- Wellington, $9 per ton; Southfleld
Wellington, ?9; Seattle, $7; Bryant, $6 50; Coos
Bay, $5 50; Wallsend, $9; Co-operative Wallsend,"
$9; Cumberland, {12 50 in bulk and $13 75 in
sacks; Pensylvanla Anthracite Egg. $15; Can
nel, $11 per ton; Coke, $15 per ton in bulk and
$17 in sacks; Rocky Mountain descriptions, $8 45
per 2000 lbs and $8 50 per ton, according to
brand.
OILS— California Castor Oil. in cases. No.
1, 7Cc; pure, $120; Linseed Oil, in bar
rels, boiled, 74c; raw, 72c; cases. 5c more;
Lucol, 64c for* boiled and 62c for raw
in barrels; Lard Oil. extra winter strained, bar
rels, 85<-; cases, 90c; China Nut. 55®72c per gal
lon; pure Neatsfoot In barrels. 70c; cases. 75c;
fcperm, pure. 65c; Whale Oil. natural white. 40
@4ac per gallon; Fish Oil. in barrels. 37%c;
cases. 42%c; Cocoanut Oil. bbls, 63y;c for Cey
lon and 58%c for Australian
COAL OIL— Water White Coal Oil. in bulk.
13%c; Pearl Oil. in cases. 19%c; Astral. 19%c;
Star, 1914c; Extra Star, 23%c; Elaine, 24%c;
Eocene. 21%c; deodorized stove Gasoline. In
bulk, loc; in cases, 21c; Benzine, in bulk. 14c;
in cases, 20c; 86-degree Gasoline, in bulk. 20c;
in cases. 26c
TURPENTINE— 58c per gallon In cases and
52c in. drums and iron barrels
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Retains Com
pany quotes, per lb, in 100-lb bags:
Cubes, Crushed and Fine Crushed. 5.10c; Pow
dered. 4.95c; Candy Granulated.' 4.95c; Dr7
Granulated. 4.35c; Confectioners* A. 4.85c; Fruit
Granulated. 4.85c; Beet Granulated, 4.75c; Mag
nolia A, 4.45c; Extra C. 4.35c; Golden C 4.25c;
barrels. 10c more; half-barrels. 25c more; boxes.
50c more; 50-lb bags. 10c more. No orders taken
for less than 75 barrels or its equivalent. Doml
nos. half-barrels. 5.35c: boxes. 5.60c per lb
Imports from the Hawaiian Islands in Sep
tember were 38.879,000 lbs, against 36,750,000 for
the satae month last year.
Receipts of Produce.
FOR THURSDAY. OCTOBER 3.
Flour, qr sks — 7,« ">nions, sks 1.019
Wheat, ctls 172.13 fops, bales .... 35
Barley, ctls .... 74.2S. Tallow, ctls 204
Oats, ctls 4,0* Sugar, ctls 15,747
Corn, ctla ;..... «. pelts, bdls 297
Rye. ctls 660 Hides, No 720
Beans, sks 6.340 Wine, gals 22,000
Potatoes, sks 4,129 Wool, sks 538
Middlings, sks ... 610 Chicory, bbls g
Bran, sks 1,220 Lime, bbls 273
Hay. tons 574 Quicksilver, flsks 141
Straw, tons 20
OREGON.
Flour, ar sks.... l,024IOats. ctla 1,900
LIVERPOOL,. - »
_Wheat— Dec. March.
°P ei J ln S • 5 6% 5 8%
Closing f. 5 6% 5 8%
„ PARIS.
Wheat— . • Oct. Jan.-Apr.
Opening 2 0 95 21 70
Closing go gj 2170
Flour-
Opening 26 95 27 75
Closing .26 90 27 80
BOSTON, Oct. 3.-The Earl Fruit Company
sold California fruit at auction to-day and the
following prices were realized: Grapes—To
kays, single crates, Jl@l 55, average $1 36.
Peaches — George's Late, boxes, 55c; Sal ways,
boxes, 20@70c, average 65c; Levi Cling, 60@75c,
average 62c. Four cars sold to-day. Weather
wet and unfavorable
CHICAGO, Oct. 3.— The Earl Fruit Compa
ny s sales of California fruit at auction to-day
are as follows: Grapes— Tokays, single crates,
$llo@165, average $130; Clusters, single
crates, $1 75; double crates, $2 45@2 90, average
$3 72. Pears— Kief erg, boxes, $1 20@l 65, aver
age $1 63. Prunes— Italians, single crates, $1 10.
Peaches— George's Late, boxes, 45@60c. average
EOc; Levi Cling, boxes, 45c@$l 15, average 54c;
Salways, boxes, 35@75c, average 55c. Ten cars
sold to-day. Weather dry and cool.
NEW YORK, Oct. 3.— The Earl Fruit Com
pany realized the following prices for Califor
nia fruit sold at auction to-day: Grapes—To
kay, single crates, 90c@$l 30, average $1 11;
Malagas, single crates, $1 10@l 30, average
$117; Tokay Clusters, single crates, $2 85.
Peaches— Salways, boxes, 60@60c average 56c.
Pears— P. Barry, boxes. $2. Sixteen cars sold
to-day. Weather dry and cool. , ¦
Eastern Livestock Market.
CHICAGO.
CHICAGO, Oct. 3.— CATTLE— Receipts, 9500.
Best steady, all others . dull: and lower. Good
I? r V*}F; e n steers - $ 6 15@6 60; poor to medium,
$o 7o@o 90; stockers and feeders, $2 25@4; cows,
$1 25«4 60; heifers, $2@4 75; cannera', $1 2502 25;
bulls. Jl 75<??4 C5: calves, J2 50@6 50; Texas
steers, $3©3 90; Western steers, $3 75@5 25. -
HOGS-Receipts to-day. 23,000; steady * to
firm. Mixed and butchers', $6 35<g6 65;good to
choice heavy, $6 80@6 85; rough heavy, $6 2(Xfp
6 40; light. $6 40@6 50; bulk of sales,' 46 40@6 €0.
SHEEP- Receipts, 18,000; sheep about steady;
Iambs, steady to 10c lower. • Good- to. -choice
wethers, $3 30@3 75; fair to choice mixed, $3®
.,-i-^ Vestern S heen . *2 5003 60; native lambs,
$2 o0(§>4 7o; Western lambs. $3 40@4 40.
ST. JOSEPH. -¦-
ST. JOSEPH, Mo., Oct. 3.—CATTLE—Re
ceipts, 3200; steady, lc lower. Natives, $3@3 25;
Texas and Westerns. $2 75@5 SO; cows and heif
ers, $1 50(35 10; bulls and stags, $2@4 85; stock
ers and feeders, $1 50@4 25. ¦
HOGS— Receipts. 6600; 5@10c lower. Light and
light mixed. $6 40@6 75; medium and heavy,
$6 50(56 87^; pigs, $4 75@6 B0. <
SHEEP-Receipts. 4400; .steady; Iambs,
steady. Lambs, $3 50@4 50; yearlings, $2 85®
Nezu York Metal Market.
NEW YORK, Oct. ¦ 3.— Tin in London ad
vanced £1 15s to-day on manipulation. The
market opened firm and ruled firm all day clos
ing at £118 for spot, and . £109 15s for- futures
Locally a sympathetic rise occurred of about
30 points with the market firm at $24 60@24 80
at the close.
Copper in London was 2s 6d lower to-day at
£64 7s 6d for spot and £64 7s 6d for futures.
At New York the market was featureless and
nominally unchanged.
Lead was unchanged at New York and Lon
don, closing at $4 37% and £11 12s 6d.
Spelter further gained 2s 6d at London,' clos
ing firm with spot quoted at £17. Our market
for that metal was 10 points better in sympathy
with London at $4 15@4 20.
Domestic iron markets were unsettled and
nominally unchanged. Glasgow warrants closed
at 54s and Mlddlesboro at 45s 6d.
New York Cotton Market.
NEW YORK, Oct. 3.— The cotton market
closed finally steady at a net rise of 21 to 24
points.
Portland's Business.
/PORTLAND. Or., Oct. 3.— Clearings, $429,785;
balances, $38,578.
Northern Wheat Market.
. WASHINGTON.
TACOMA. Oct. 3.-Wheat-Qu'iet and steady:
blue stem, 54c; club, 53c.
OREGON.
PORTLAND, -Oct. 3-Wheat-Dull and lower;
Walla Walla, 52@52%c; valley, 53%c; blue stem
54c.
PORTLAND. Oct. 3.— Total shipments of
wheat from this port for the week ending to
day (flour included) were 210,160 bushels.
Foreign Futures.
LONDON, Oct. 3.— Consols, 93 5-16; French
rentes, lOlf 5c; wheat cargoes on passage,
heavy and depressed; No. 1 standard California"
28s; English country markets, eteady.
LIVERPOOL, Oct. 3.— WHEAT— Easy; No 1
standard California, 5s 10d@5s 10%d ; wheat in
Paris, steady; flour In Paris, steady" French
couitry markets, partly cheaper; weather in
England, fine.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, OCTOBER 4, 1901.
market was fc'eady; creameries.' 14@21Hj;
dairies, 13@l:te; cheese, 9%@10%c;' eggs, frean.
Foreign Futures.
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
10
California Fruit Sales.
AUCTION SALES
P. J. BARTB, Anctioneer.
TO-DAY,
FRIDAY OCTOBER 4, 1901
AT 11 A. M-. AT .
393 HAIGHT STREET
"Without reserve. The nearly new parlor,
bedroom, dining-room furniture and magnifi-
cent carpets of the above handsomely furnished
home.
For particulars aee Chronicle.
£a» i^s
AUCTION SALE
AT J. D. KORAN'S STOCK TARDS. CORNER
TENTH ANT> BRYANT STREETS.
TO-MORROW.
SATURDAY. OCT. 5.AT11A. if.
I will sell 60 head of well-bred, all-purpose,
broken and unbroken horses, mares and geld-
ings, several well-mated teams.
This is a select lot of horses from the wood-
ard Ranch. Tolo County, and positively shall
be sold without reserve or limit.
3. WATKIN3. Anctioneer.VETERAN ARMY OFFICER WELL KNOWN IN THIS CITY WHO HAS
JUST RECEIVED A WELL MERITED PROMOTION AT THE HANDS
OF PRESIDENT ROOSEVELT.
CAPTAIN DWYER GIVES. BAIL.-John
Dwyer, captain, of the British steamship Flint
shire, was arrested yesterday on the charge of
having allowed a Chinese to escape while the
vessel was-lying at Oakland. He was released
on bends in the sum of {500.
MARSHALL, Mo., Oct. 3.— Al Thomas,
jealous over the attentions paid his sweet
heart. Miss Minnie Hayes, by Arthur Cox,
shot him fatallv. wounded the girl at her
home here and then committed suicide.
Terrible Crime of Jealous Lover.
UBEL FOR ENGINEER'S WAGES.-C. N.
vVilliamf filed 2 lil*l yesterday in the United
f-'ztes District <:ourt uyair.Fi the steamer Eu
if-ha for *1I5 all^td balance due for wages afc
cfcitr er^iaeer.
E. Morris, aged 20 years, residing at 22
Tehama street, was stabbed in the left
side while standing on the corner of Pa
cific street and Montgomery avenue at 3
o'clock yesterday morning. Morris said
an unknown man who was passing by
plunged a knife blade into his side. The
injured man was taken to the Emergency
Hospital, where it was found the knife
blade had struck a rib directly over the
heart. A description of the man who did
the cutting wag given to the police.
Mysterious Knife- Wielder.
The following suits for divorce were
filed, yesterday: Mary E. Cowden against
George A. Cowden, cruelty; Helen Alma
Hankins against Samuel J. Hankins, de
sertion; Ida Mae Chlemens against Julius
T. Chlemens, desertion.
Hazel • E. Openshaw was divorced from
Joseph P. Opensbaw yesterday on the
ground of 'desertion. . - . :
Divorce Proceedings.
LONDON. Oct. 4.— "It is estimated;"
says the Daily Mall's correspondent,
"that twenty-four men were killed and
hundreds injured during the Hungarian
election riots. In various places voters
were coerced by threats of death or tor
ture. At Udurassa a prominent politician,
together with his wife and three sons,
was murdered by his fanatical oppo
nents."
Many Killed at Hungarian Election.
NEW YORK. Oct. 3.— The closing auc
tion sale of stallions, brood mares and
yearlincs at Sheepshead Bay was held to
ri ay. The highest prices were:
Property of II. E. Leigh— Imp. Royal Flush.
r h. h., by Favo-Flush, G. B. Morris, $4500; imp.
Vera Cruz. b. m.. 19. by Vera City-Make More,
•T. E. Seagram, $1000; imp. Bonnie Bnocd, b.
m.. 13. by Mi-.cJIeath Tlme-The Plaiden. Mil
trn Young. $1000; Arrow Grass, t>. m.. 12. by
Enquire or Bramble-Sparrow Grac«. \V. Hay
v.ard Jr., (2(00; bay colt weanlinff by imp.
Kr.ight of the ThiEtle-Arrow Grafs. Milton
Yourifr, ? li> ; bay colt by imp. Candlemas-
Arrow Grasf, J. E. Madden. $2000. *
TiLorcug-libreds Under Hammer.
The case of Patrick Clancy, the special
officer who shot and killed Attorney J. N".
E. Wilson on May 27 last, will go to the
jury to-day. The hearing of evidence for
the defense was concluded yesterday
morning when John H. Wise, ex-Collector
of the Port, was called to testify that
Wilson's reputation was bad.
Clancy's Case Ready for Jury.
John Farnham filed a petition for a re
hearing in the case involving the office of
Public Administrator in the Supreme
Court yesterday. The court recently de
cided on appeal that many of the ballots
cast for Patrick Boland had been marked
in such a manner as to make possible the
identification of their voters and a new
trial was ordered. If the Supreme Court
grants the petition for a rehearing and
makes its reversal absolute, Farnham will
be given the office of Public Administra
tor until January, when the present term
expires. . , ;•' ;
Farnham Still Fighting.
Dr. K. H. Burke.
SAN JOSE, Oct. 3.— Dr. R. H. Burke,
who .until a few months ago was a promi
nent physician of San Jose, died at the
Sisters' Hospital at Los Angeles of
Bright' s disease this morning. He was
married a little over a year ago to Mrs.
Charles Armstrong, the widow of one of
Roosevelt's Rough Riders who was killed
in Cuba. Some months ago Dr. Burke's
ill-health compelled him to give up his
practice and he went to the southern city
for the benefit of his health.
Lightning Kills Hbrse and Sider.
RED BLUFF, Oct. 3.— A frightful fatal
ity occurred near Corning, about twenty
miles from here, yesterday evening when
Cardia Jobe. the 18-year-old son of ex-
Supervisor C S.' Jober was struck by a
flash of lightning while riding horseback
and both horse and rider were killed.
Andre Grossett Commits Suicide.
BERKELEY, Oct. • 3.— Andre Grossett
was found dead this morning in an out
bouse at the rear of his residence, 1627
Fairview street, having ended his life
with carbolic acid. Some time during the
night Grossett dressed himself in his best
clothes and taking his blankets left the
room alone and went to the outhou%i.
This morning his body was found by A;
Bergmann, who resides at the house.
About a year ago Grossett attempted
suicide by cutting his throat. He had
been out of work for some time and was
old and in 'ill health. Grossett was last
employed as a bookkeeper for the Pan
ama Canal Company. He ' was a native
of France, • aged 69 years, and leaves a
wife and daughter.
G B Hayward and P. Ryan vs. W. H. Sie
berst and J. Duggan; M. McDonald and P.
McKinnon vs. M. McNeil and G. McDonald;
H H. l»!ssner and J. J. Kavanaugh vs. W.
Walsh and J. Brady; E. White and \V. Mitch
en vs. J. Glynn and R. Regll; J. Ward and
W Ward vs. W. H. Kpan and E. J. Sweeney;
M Bordor and A. Agulrre vs. J. Bidart and
j Errenuiepi; D. Connelly and M. Joyce vs.
\V Williams and J. Lawless; J. C. Nealon
and if 3- Kilgallon vs. J. Riordon and W. E.
Curley: J. White and W. Magulre vs. J. Col
lins and B. Murphy.
The handball players matched for
games which will take place to-morrow at
San Francisco court are as follows:
Handball Players Matched.
LONDON". Oct. 3.— J. E. Platfs bay colt
Pletermaritzburg, by St. Simon-Sea Air,
won the Jockey Club stakes of £10.000 at
Newmarket to-day. Lord Rosebery's
Epsom Lad was second and King Ed
ward's Diamond Jubilee third. Eight
horses ran. Disguise II (Maherj started
second favorite at 75 to 20 apalnst, but
half a mile from home he began to swerve
and finished sixth. Pietermaritzburjr won
in a canter by six lengths. Four lengths
second and third horses. Bet
ling was 4 to 1 against Pletermaritzburg
Mid Diamond Jubilee and 3 to 1 against
Kpsom Lad.
Pietennaritzburg Wins.
Peter J. Hegarty, regimental adjutant
of the League of the Cross Cadets, and
Miss Ella M. Fitzgerald were married
yesterday at St. Peter's Church by the
Rev. Father Casey. The church was
crowded with friends of the young couple.
Miss Bessie Fitzgerald acted as brides
maid and A. J. Sullivan officiated as best
man. After the ceremony the bridal party
assembled at the home of the bride's
parents, 2764 Twenty-fourth street, where
a wedding breakfast was served. The
young couple will spend their honeymoon
at Del Monte and upon their return will
take up their .residence at 2745 Bryant
street.
Peter J. Hegarty a Benedict.
The new board of directors of the Cali
fornia, Tennis Club held its first meeting
last night and elected the following offi
cers: Werner Stauf president, Harry
Haight vice present. Grant Smith sec
retary and WaltefS. MacGavin treasurer.
The following committees were also
elected: Tournament committee — Frank
Stringham, Charles G. Kuehn and George
F. Whitney; election committee— Miss
Emma Hunter, Dr. Philip and Judge John
Hunt. The secretary also acts as a mem
ber of the tournament committee. The
following" were elected delegates to the
Pacific States Lawn Tennis Association:
William B. Collier, Robert N. Whitney
and Dr. C. Sumner Hardy.
Tennis Club Election.
Trotting-Horse Races.
TEERE HAUTE. Ind.. Oct. 3.— Summary:
2:30 trot. Wabaeh stakes, $2000— Country Jay
won the third, fourth and fifth heats. Best
time, 2:13. May Allen won the first and second
heats. Best time, 2:1H£. Dorothy Redmond,
All Rlrht and Cresrpnt alfO started.
2:16 trot, purse SIWjO— Willie Glen won in
straight heats. Bert time, 2:12%. Neighbor
Girl. Slaiborn. A J T), Rejected, Stone and
Bob McConnlck also started.
2:17 pace, purse $1000— Cambria. Maid won in
Mraig*t heats. BeFt time, 2:<W. Shallie Down-
Ing, Tommy Mac. George Castle, Strathllne and
NorCa also etarted.
2:14 pac£ purse 11300 < unfinished)— Council
fhiraes won the only heat In 2:OS',4. Theresa
Vilkee. Xomamie, Teah. Cousin Madge, I^ady
AUright, Beauty Spot and Paulding Boy also
DENVER, Oct. 3.— M. T. Sowders of
Diamond, Wyo., was to-night awarded
the world's championship belt for broncho
busting, offered by the directors of the
Festival of Mountain and Plain. The con
test took place here yesterday.
"World's Champion Bronco Buster.
LANCASTER, Pa,, Oct. 3.— Jim Jeffords
and Peter Maher met here to-night in a
six-round boxing bout. No decision was
given and honors were about even, with
Jeffords 'having perhaps a shade the bet
ter of it. He scored a knockdown in the
second round.
Maher and Jeffords Fight.
The tenders Alltak from Kodiak and
Golden Gate from Hunters Bay, the ship
Eclipse, from Chignik and bark J. D. Pet
ers from the same place and the schooner
Beulah from Klawak were among the
arrivals yesterday.
The' Golden Gate came down under sail
in eighteen days. Soon after leaving Hun
ters Bay the thrust shaft broke and Cap
tain McKenna sailed back. The vessel
was beached, ¦ but ¦ repairs could not be
made, so the propeller was unshipped and
another atart was made on September 15.
The Golden Gate made splendid time
down, but was within ninety miles of San.
Francisco for six days without a chance
to sret in. ¦
The Eclipse brought down 46,722 cases
and the J. D. Peters 36,000 cases of sal
mon. The ship was for five days drifting
between Point Reyes and the Farallones
without a chance to get In. The Peters
reports the Ferris S. Thompson as get
ting ready to sail from Chignik for hpme
on October 1.
More Cannery. Vessels Arrive.
Builders' Contracts.
Alvinza Hayward (owner) with Thomas Day
Company (contractors)— Gas and electric fix
tures, lamps and glassware for a 11-story and
basement fireproof building on NE corner" of
California and Montgomery streets. N 93 by
E 87:6; $8286.
Dora Schwartlns (owner) with Felix Marcusa
(contractor), architect R. W. Hart — AH work
for a 6-room frame building on S line o*
Clement street. 57:6 W of Ninth avenue, W
25 by S 100; $2150.
C. H. Brusaber (owner) with Robert Trost
(contractor), architects Martens & Coffey — All
work except plumbing, gasfltting, painting and
graining for a 2-story frame building on W
line of Tennessee street. 341:6 N of Twenty
second. N 33:6 by "W 1C0; $3750.
C H. Schuler (owner) with S. Ducaa (con
tractor and architect)— All work for- a 4-room
frame cottage on S line of Twenty-first avenue.
25 E of 1. street south. 50 by 100, portion of lot
8, block 422. South San Francisco Homestead
and Railroad Association; $1130.
L. C. Miller, alias Hoyt, who Is wanted
for swindling Kohler & Chase, was
brought back from Salt Lake last night,
by Detective Dinan. Miller says he will
be able to establish his innocence when
his examination is held in the Police
Court.
Miller Brought Back.
Cisco Man. Bobbed.
James O'Neil," who said he was from
Cisco, stated last night at the Central
Emergency Hospital, to which place he
had been taken to have some lumps on
his head attended to. that he had been
held up on Howard street, near Fourth,
by three men, knocked down and robbed
Of 511. .>^vi
Yale and Princeton Divide Honors
PHILADELPHIA, Oct. 3.— Princeton
and Yale divided the championship hon
ors of the intercollegiate lawn tennis tour
nament, which was finished to-day. Fred
erick G. Alexander of Princeton won the
title in the singles, while the Yale team,
Tioward A. Plummer and S. L. Russell,
captured the final match in the doubles.
BOSTON, Oct. 3.— The Democratic State
Convention held here to-day placed the
followingr ticket in nomination: Governor,
Josiah Quincy of Boston; Lieutenant Gov
ernor, John W. Coughiin of Fall River;
Secretary of State, Wellmore B. Stone of
Springfield; Treasurer, Josiah J. Chalfoux
of Lowell; Auditor, Jaxnes F. Dean of
Salem; Attorney General, A. A. Putnam
of Bridge.
Massachusetts Democratic Ticket.
The bazaar In aid of the building fund
of St. Matthau's German Lutheran
Church, which is being held at Union
Square Hall, is a decided success. It
will continue until Saturday evening.
The booths are arranged very prettily
and of course they are conducted by
pretty women.
The following interesting programme
was rendered last evening:
Naval Militia Band, tinder the direction ot
M F "Walten; violin solo. Miss Cecelia Zln
nen; Vocal solo, Miss Juliet Grenlnger; Naval
Militia Band, under the direction ot _ M. F.
Walten: Keystone Quartet, Messrs. E Pfaeffle,
E Teach F. Ball and F, Crase; violin solo,
Harry Voss; piano solol Mrs. R.- Thompsen;
Keystone Quartet, Mes|l«- E - -, Pfa , ef 5f; m ? '¦
Teach, F. Ball and F. erase; T. aval Militia
Band, under the direction of M. F. Walten.
The church council in charge of the
affair is made up as follows:
Heinrlch Gootjen, president; John Bruns, vice
president; Ernest Jatho, secretary; Ludwig
Cochius, recording secretary; Louis -¦Waas,
treasurer; Albrecht Kuener, Adolph Schieve;
Rev. Hermann Gehrcke, pastor.
The ladies in charge of the various
booths are the following named;
Ice Cream-Mrs. Harry Winter, Mrs. Dett
mer Mrs. Zlpp, Mrs. H. Haines, Mrs. K. Him
melman Mrs. S. Schieve. Miss M. Ohland and
Miss Emilie Elsert.
Dolls— Mrs. H. Mauch, Mrs. H. Meisel, Miss
Gehrhardt. Miss Emma Falch. Miss E. M.
Radlns, Miss Dora Meisel and Miss « Adele
Fancy Work— Miss Mary Falke, Mrs. Ida
Huck, Miss Lubbe, Mrs. A. Helmes, Mrs.
Lachcman and Mrs. Peters.
Wheel of Fortune— Mrs. Ludwig; Cochius. Mrs.
P Cochius, Mrs. Canpe, Mrs. Fritz Muller,
Mrs. Lucy Muller, Mrs. William Wehr, Miss
Fortriede. Ludwig Cochius, William Wehr, Miss
Kimmelmann and Carl Nickel assisted the la-
Lemonade and Candy— Mrs. R. Kochendorfer.
Mrs Bertha Schmolz, Mrs. M. Thun, Mrs. H.
Kockler and Miss E. Muller.
Coffee— Mrs Thompson, Mrs. Kempf, Mrs.
Dahmke. Mrs. Fuetscher, Mrs. E. Radlns, Mrs.
T Huch, Mrs. Gompertz, Mrs. English, Mrs.
Annie Schultz and Miss U. Heine. _
Art— Mrs. G. Olsen, Miss Gall and Mrs,. L.
Fish Pond— Mrs. Wagner. Mrs. M. Hansen,
Mrs. Emma Olsen, Mrs. Gall and Miss Alma
Japanese Tea and Flowers— Mrs. H. Gehrcke.
Miss Goetjen, Miss Anita Hermes, Mrs. Mirt.i
Hermes, Mrs. E. Mauch, Miss Olga Dlerkb,
Miss Jennie Huck, Miss AnnaXJhlandt and Mlsa
Dora Bannlck.
Curiosity— H. Mauch. R. Winter, Herman
Schulken and Johann Huck.
Ladies Active in Increasing Building
Fund of St. Matthau's
Church.
LOS ANGELES. Oct. 3.— Only one fa
vorite won at Agricultural Park to-day,
end that one at prohibitive odds. Flush
cf Gold had nothing to beat and galloped
in as she pleased at 1 to 8. McKenna took
the 2:S0 trot, the enly harness event of the
day. in three straight heats without dif
ficulty. Summary:
2:39 trot, purse $700. three in five:
U'-Kenna, by McKinney-Etta. \Vilkes
(Vvard) 1 1 3
Cornelius fMaben) 2 2 2
Br;r.key K (Cody) 3 4 3
r.osell (Bilker) 4 3d
L'jcy G (.Albertson) * 6 5 d
Time, 2:20, 2:19, 2:13.
Five furlongs:
MOM Dividend. 114 (See). 3 to 1 1
Black Orphan, 115 (Matthews). 2^4 to 1 2
Glencoe, 110 (Romero), 10 to 1 3
Time, 1:C2.
Delia Conncrs, Albuquerque, Abano, Barbara
and Lon Clieveden also ran.
Xjynch stakes, one mile:
Flush of Gold. 107 (Ransch), 1 to 8 1
Joe Hock, 10» (See). 10 to 1..... 2
Fcrkford, S2 (.Ransom), 4 to L 3
Time, 1:42%.
Mjrtle also ran.
Pix furlongs, felling:
iDm Vera, 114 (See). 2 to 1 i - 1
Canejo. 100 fRansch). 3 to 1 2
Cierando, 110 (Matthews), even 3
Time. 1:1*.
Gold Baron also ran.
Eeven furlotirs, selling:
Game Warden. 110 (Burlinrame), « to 1 1
Bob Palmer, 120 (Ransom), 3 to l. y 2
Crutch, 100 (See), 8 to 5 3
Time, 1:29.
Pongo, Finesee. Rlxford. De al Megro. George
Gordon. Marking. Little Eidlewelss and
Flanges also ran.
FLUSH OF GOLD
THE LYNCH STAKES
Vice President of Company Directed
to Appear in United States
. ' District Court.
NEW YORK, Oct. 3. — Judge Lacombe
in the United States District Court to-day
issued an order directing that Henry Rog
ers, vice president of the Standard Oil
Company, appear before him Tuesday
next to answer for contempt of court in
falling to appear before a special exam
iner appointed by the court to take testi
mony in the suit of J.' Edward Addicks
against the Boston Gaslight Company
and the Massachusetts Pipe Line 9 0m "
pany in a suit now pending in the United
States District Court for Massachusetts.
The order is based on the affidavit of Os
car Wagner, a lawyer, who makes affida
vit that he made seven different efforts
to serve the order of the court upon Rog
ers.
STANDARD OIL MAGNATE
IS CITED FOR CONTEMPT
GERMAN CHURCH HAS
VERY PRETTY BAZAAR
THE first military appointment of
note by President Roosevelt is
that of Lieutenant Colonel L. rL
Rucker, whom the President
named yesterday for a colonelcy.
This appointment is of interest to Califor
nia, which may be considered the home
State of Lieutenant Colonel Rucker, for
here his family resides, though the of
ficer himself is on duty in the Philippine
Islands.
The appointment of Rucker was made
to fill the vacancy in the Eighth Cavalry
caused by the retirement of Colonel Bell,
the famous Philippine scout. Rucker was
chosen from among the line officers on
duty in Uncle Sam's island possessions.
At the outbreak of the war with Spain
Rucker was ordered to the Philippines,
where he made a brilliant record in the
field. He had already acquired a reputa
tion as an Indian fighter with the Ninth
Cavalry, and to this- he added in the Fili
pino insurrection. His regiment was the
first in the islands and the first home. In
1900 he was made acting superintendent of
the Yosemite National Park, making an
admirable superintendent. In March of
the present year he was made Lieutenant
Colonel of the Sixth Cavalry and again
ordered to the Philippines, where his spe
cial service in the establishment of civil
government In the islands brought him
his appointment as colonel at the hands
of President Roosevelt. Colonel Rucker
will now be ordere to Cuba to join his new
regiment. **
SAN DIEGO, Sept. 3.— The advance in
the price of salt such as is used by the
fishermen in curing fish has advanced to
such an extent that a number of the fish
ermen who make their homes at Laplaya,
on the other side of the bay, have hauled
up their boats and declare that there Is
now no chance for profit. The. price used
to be about ?7 per ton, but it haa been
raised from time to time to $9, then $11,
$13. ?J6. ?19 and finally 530 50. The fisher
men use about 200 tons a month.
Costly Salt Worries Fishermen.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 3.— It is expected
that General Wood will return to Wash
ington the latter part of this month to
confer with President Roosevelt regard
ing the Cuban feature of his annual mes
sage, to Congress. Brigadier General Sam
uel Whltside, at Santiago, will proceed to
Havana to temporarily serve as Governor
and he may possibly serve in that capac
ity until the United States withdraws
from the island.
General Wood Will Enlighten Him
on the Condition of Affairs
in Cuba.
PRESIDENT PREPARING
MESSAGE TO CONGRESS
WASHINGTON. Oct. 3.— President Gom
pers of the American Federation of La
bor and Ralph ML Easley, secretary of the
National Civic Federation, had a confer
ence, to-day with President Roosevelt and
presented several matters for his consid
eration. One was the Chinese exclusion
act, which terminates by limitation in
March, 1&02. The labor interests, it ap
pears, desire the exclusion act renewed
and asked President Roosevelt for his aid
in this direction. The President likewise
was asked to say something in his mes
tage recommending favorable action on
the eight-hour proposition pending in Con
gress.
Ask Aid to Secure Renewal of Ex
clusion Act and Passage of
Eight -Hour Law.
LrABOB, LEADERS CONFER
WITH THE PRESIDENT
Ie Badly Beaten in the Ocean View
Handicap at the Graves
end Meeting.
N73W YORK, Oct. 3— Blue«=. a hot favorite
at (• to £0, wag roundly beaten In the Ocean
rar.dieap at Gravesend tc-day. Track fairly
last. Summar> :
First race, about six furlongs— McAddie won.
B»l!e of Lexington second. Smoke third. Time.
Z. 13 4-5.
Second race, one mile and A sixteenth —
jvnight ot the Garter won, Astor second, AI
nke third. Time, l:iS 4-5.
Third race, about six furlongs— Femesole
¦won. Bessie McCarthy eecond. The Friie of
t-urrpy third. Time. 1:12.
Fourth r&ee. Ocean View handicap, one mile
end a sixteenth— Autolipht won. Dublin second,
Blues third. Time, 1:47 4-5.
Fifth race, about six furlongs — Par Excel
lence won. Lady Holyrood eecond. Lady Go
diva third. Time. 1:11 1-5.
Sixth race, one mile and seventy yards—
Arak won. Collegian second, Anna Darling
third. Time, 1:47 4-5.
ST. LOUIS. Oct. 3.— Fair Grounds summary:
Firft race, one mile, selling — Marcy won,
B°an second, Teagown third. Time. '1:44>4.
Second race, six furlongs, Eelling-SHas Gift
von. Leflare second, Corinne third. Time,
Third race, five and a naif furlongs, selling
—Survive won, Mona B second, Ben Frost
third. Time. 1:0?.
Fourth race, one mile and seventy yards,
telling— Jessie Jarboe won, Kittle Clyde sec
ond. I'terp third. Time, 1:46.
Fifth race, one miie and three-sixteenths,
telling— Elsie Barnes won. La Spara second,
Terra Incognita third. Time, 2:01%.
Sixth race, seven furlongs, selling — Marion
Lynch won. Lady Curzon second, Nannie No
lan third. Time, 1:2s 1 -.
CHICAGO, Oct. 3.— Lanflseer won the Pro
viso stakes, worth about J22C0, at Harlem to
day from Hildreth's Luclen Appleby by a
n?se. overcoming the iatter's lead of a length
end a half at the start and made the track
rocord of the season for five and a half fur
longs. Summary:
First race, six furlongs — Inventor won, r»uke
cf Conneaught second. Inspector. Shea third.
Time. 1:14 3-5.
Second race, one mile and a quarter— Flying
Torpedo won. Reseda second. Rolling Boer
ihlrd. Time. I :£3 2-5.
Third ra^e. six furlongs — Moneymuss won,
W. J. Otboe second. Gonfalon third. Time,
1:13.
Fourth race, five and a half furlongs, the
Proviso stakes — Lsndseer won, Lucien Appleby
second. Harrr New third. Time, 1:06 3-5.
Fifth race, one mile— Henry Burt won, Goal
rur.r.er Eecond, Valdez third. Time, 1:40 3-5.
Hixth rece, one mile and seventy yards—
H^rmer.cia won. El Ghor second. Alee third.
Time. 1:44 3-5.
Seventh race, one mile and seventy yards—
Crosby won, Frank M eecond, Miss Dooley
third. Time. 1:42 3-5.
BLUES FINISHES BEHIND
AUTOLIGHT AND DUBLIN
W. P. Andrews, Salinas; R. F. Allen, Feta
luma; William Acton, Lakeport; W. M. Arm
strong. Boonville; G. W. Archer. Anderson; J.
A. Batchelder, Fresno; R. F. Beasley, Winters
and Davlsville; I. F. Betts. Holllster; P. tt,
Blankenship. Linden; W. A. Booher, Prince
ton; J. M. Brown, Milville and Oro: C. C.
Black. Healdsburg; H. W. Currin. Sonora; W.
F. Coffin. Ukiah; C. E. Clark. Potter Valley
and Redwood; S. V. Dilley, Orland: O. E.
Emery, Colusa district; G. H. Fraser, Gait; W.
J. Fenton, Chlco: B. H. Greene, Los Banos;
W. T. Goulder, Los Palos; L. Hedgepeth,
Dinuba and Oroso; J. T>. F. Houck, Snelling
and Waterford; A. V. Harbin. Sulphur Creek;
O. E. Hyden. Rockville; J. J. X. Kenny, San
Joaquin district; W. H. Kincaid. Arbuckle:
W. A. Lindsay. Cloverdale; E. H. McWhorter,
Alameda: A. C. Meredith. San Jose; O. E.
Moore. San Francisco; Z. J. Needham. Visalla;
H. Neate. Hornltas and Cathay; A. Odom, La
Grande; P. F. Page, Woodville and Exeter: J.
M. Pratt. Lincoln: J. M. Parker, Sutter City
and Grace; W. E. Phillips, Madera: A. L.
Paul, Walnut Grove; J. W. Ray, Yuba City
and Gridley: L. C. Renfro. Hanford: C. B.
Riddlick, San Francisco; J. F. Roberts. Big
Dry Creek: P. T. Ramsey. Selma: J. C. Sim
mons, "Woodland; C. E. W. Smith, Stockton;
J. E. Squires, Colusa: F. M. Staton, Gilroy;
L. C. Smith. Knights Landing; J. R. Sawyer,
Elmira; T. Thomas, Willows; A. W. F. Walt
ers. Henleyville: W. E. Vaughan. W. A. Whlt
mer. Merced; N. A. Whltmor, Modesto; G. H.
Wilkinson, president P. M. College: L. C.
Wilson. Red Bluff; W. D. Waggener. Santa
Rosa; C. Todd Clark. Upper Lake; E. J. Page,
Lemoore and Coalinga: T. G. Patterson. Mil
ton: O. D. Russell. Maxwell: J. B. Needham.
Sanger; J. C. Wooten, Oakland: F. E. Dixon,
Klngsburg; J. C. Robertson. Fresno; C. W.
Huff, Raymond; Derrill Harrison. Mariposa.
This evening religious services were
held. The Rev. W. J. Fenton of Chico
preached the sermon.
The conference will continue in session
until next Monday. Following are the
conference members:
Rev. Dr. Fenton Preaches.
The afternoon session was given over
entirely to the women of the missionary
and aid societies of the various districts.
Reports of work among the Japanese
were fead. It was the general belief, as
expressed by the lady speakers, that there
should be a Japanese clergyman of the
Methodist Episcopal Church South to as
sist in the school and missionary work
with the Japanese.
Reappoint Secretaries.
All the secretaries who served last year
were reappointed. They are:
Recording secretary. William Acton: assist
ant recording: lecretary, W. T. Goulder; sta
tistical secretary. P. F. Page: assistant sta
tistical secretary. "W. E. Phillips.
Reports made by presiding elders of.
districts showed results attained during'
the last year. J. E. Moore reported for
San Francisco district, J. E. Emery for
Colusa district and J. J. N. Kenny for
San Joaquin district. •
Since the last annual conference Rev.
J. M. Martin and Rev. D. Bauer have
died. Rev. L. A. Green left the church
for personal reasons.
Sabbath and temperance — W. A. Booher.
Henry Hunsaker, TV. F. Coffin, T. Thoma3. W.
T. Goulder. C. C. Black.
Books and periodicals— "W. O. Waggener. J.
E. Squires, H. W. Currin, R. F. Allen. L. C.
Wilson, P. T. Ramsey.
Committee on admissions— H. C. Mereditn,
A. Adam, J. M. Pratt.
Board of missions— J. W. Ray. E. H. Mc-
Whorter, J. V. Northey.
Board of education— J. P. Strother. W. A.
Booher.
Conference relations — Z. J. Needham. J. M.
Pratt, A. L. Paul. A. Adam. J. W. Ray. C. E.
Clark, P. F. Pa e e.
State of the work— E. H. McWhorter. tV. J.
Fentcn, Joel Hedgpeth, H. C. Meredith. S. V.
DUley and B. H. Green.
Memoirs— V,'. P. Andrews, T. C. Renfro.
Bible cause — W. P. Andrews, "W. A. "Whit
mer, D. R. Wilson, J. "W. Potter, F. R. Beaaley
and H. P. Andrews.
Epworth League— J. A. Batchelor. O. L.
Russell. C. Todd Clark.
District record— A. V. Harbin, Guy F. Frazer
J. F. Roberts.
Bishop W. W. Duncan this morning
called to order in the Asbury Methodist
Episcopal South Church the fifty-first an
nual conference of the Methodist Episco
pal Church South of the Pacific jurisdic
tion. There was a good attendance of
clergymen, lay delegates and their fami
lies.
Conference committees were appointed
by Bishop Duncan as follows:
Public worship— J. E. Moore. J. C. "Wootea.
Colonel Harden.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, Oct. 3.
The Eureka Company will erect works
with 'a capacity of 1000 barrels of cement
daily and will employ about 300 men. The
price paid for the Dickie property was
$20,000. In addition to the land rights of
way have been secured over adjoining
tracts a distance of two miles to the
Southern Pacific Company tracks for a
private railway.
The projectors have organized the Eu
reka Portland Cement Company, and
among the incorporators are the follow
ing wealthy San Francisco firms: John
Rosenfeld's Sons, Pope & Talbot. Good
all, Perkins & Co. and John D. Spreckels
& Eros. Company. The company is capi
talized for $1,000,000. the entire amount of
which has been subscribed.
BUISUN, Oct. 3.— One of the most im
portant deals in real estate ever recorded
in Solano County was closed to-day, when
a deed for 149 acres of land was made by
A. A. Dickie to John Rosenfeld's Sons of
San Francisco. The property is located
about five miles northeast of Suisun and
contains immense deposits of lime rock,
which has stood successful tests for the
manufacture of Portland cement. Messrs.
Ro.senfeld were induced to take an op
tion on this property several months ago
by E. Dinkelspiel of Suisun, who had pre
viously caused experiments to be made of
the rock.
The responsibility of conducting the in
vestigations was intrusted to R. H. Dool
in. a San Francisco cement expert. While
sinking shafts and drilling test holes
through the rock Mr. Doolin discovered
that an immense deposit of blue clay un
derlies the lime rock and extends to oth
er portions of the tract. All that is re
quired for the manufacture of Portland
cement has been found on the place, and
the work of the erection of factories will
soon begin.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Miss Earle's resignation was read and
accepted unanimously. It is as follows:
BERKELEY, Cal., Oct. 3, 1901.
Berkeley Board of Education— Gentlemen: I
wish to tender my resignation as teacher of
the stenographic department of the Berkeley
Commercial School, to take effect October 4,
1901, owing to the fact that the principal and
- myself cannot agree. I am willing to render
my services after that date until some one is
secured to take my place. Respectfully.
GERTRUDE EARLE.
Mr. Atherton's resignation, immediate
ly following, was accepted by the board.
The board then adjourned.
Miss Earle presented hery resignation
this morning and afterward received the
letters written to her by Atherton. The
Directors had decided that as the prop
erty was hers it should be. returned as
soon as her retirement was assured. She
said to-night In reference to the letters:
If Mr. Atherton is reinstated I shall make the
letters public and fight to the end and I shall
win. If he is kept out I shall say nothing, but
forget that the affair ever happened or that the
school ever existed.
Statement to Pupils.
This morning Superintenderit Waterman
and President Little, immediately after
securing Miss Earle's resignation, closed
the shorthand department and dismissed
the pupils until after the vacation of next
week. At that time it will reopen under
a new instructor. Superintendent Water
man went before Mr. Atherton's class
and made the following statement:
In justice to Mr. Atherton I want to say to
you that any statements made to the effect that
he has been dismissed from the department are
false. It is true that there is trouble In this
school. We had hoped that it would escape
undue publicity. The present trouble was pre
cipitated by the ill-advised action of the stenog
raphy teacher in speaking of it before her class
yesterday. The shorthand classes have been
stopped until after next week's vacation, but
the school will continue throughout the year.
There is no doubt of that. The Directors do not
open a school to close it. In all this 'matter
they have acted fairly and have done what they
believe to be right. '
Miss Earle's Resignation.
Communications from Miss IJarle, charging
Sir. Atherton with certain unprofessional re
marks, also a communication from A. TV.
Atherton denying the same, and also a com
munication from Mr. Atherton charging ! Misa
Earle with incompetency and insubordination
were read. Resolved, That the resignation of
Mr. Atherton, now in the hands of the super
intendent, be produced at the next meeting of
the board for action. Passed unanimously.
The president was requested to ask Miss Earle
for her resignation. Passed unanimously.
The report was received and adopted
and the clerk wrote the following peti
tion:
To the Board of Directors: We the under
signed pupils and parents of the Berkeley Com
mercial School here express our wish to retain
the services of Mr. Atherton as our instructor,
realizing *his ability in the commercial depart
ment.
The petition was signed by forty-four
pupils and twenty-four parents.
President J. R. Little called the meeting
to order and requested Superintendent
Waterman as secretary to report the ac
tion of the committee of the whole, which
met In private session Tuesday night.
Superintendent Waterman reported as fol
lows:
Tuesday Night's Proceedings.
The board, in view of the resignations,
simply filed these communications. All of
the directors and Superintendent S. D.
Waterman were present at the meeting.
• Berkeley Board of Education — Gentlemen: It
has developed since the election of Miss Ger
trude M. Earle that she la incompetent and
insubordinate. I am prepared to furnish nu
merous specific instances of both.
A. W. ATHERTON.
Principal Berkeley Commercial College.
BERKELEY, Cal., Oct. 1, 190L
BERKELEY, Cal., Oct. 1. 1901.
To "the Berkeley Board of Education—Gentle
men: I understand that a paper has been
filed with you to-day by Miss Earle alleging
that I have said something out of the way
to her. I have not seen the paper, but beg
to state that any uncalled-for, unwarranted.
Intemperate or unprofessional remarks attrib
uted to me are absolutely false and a part of
a well-laid scheme to "break me in one way
if not in another." Respectfully. •
A. W. ATHERTON.
The chief development in the Berkeley
Commercial College upheaval to-night was
the making public of the proceedings at
the secret committee meeting Tuesday
night, when the charges and denials by
Miss Earle and Principal Atherton were
heard. There were three letters read, as
follows:
BERKELEY, Cal.. Oct. 1, 1901.
Berkeley Board of Education— Gentlemen: I
deem it necessary to report to the members of
the Board of Education the conduct of Prin
cipal A. W. Atherton. I make a direct charge
against him for not only threatening my life,
but that of every member of my family. To
day he insulted me as no gentleman could or
ever would, using: the worst and -most vulgar
language possible. He went so far as to tell
me he would slap my face and throw me head
long down the stairs — not only that, but mak
ing boasts as^to what he intended to do in
the way of blackening my character. Gentle
men, you may call on me for anything in con
nection with what I state. Respectfully,
GERTRUDE EARLE.
Letters in the Case.
BERKELEY, Oct. 3.-The Board of Ed
ucation to-night closed the scandal in the
Berkeley Commercial College, so far as
official cognizance went, by accepting the
resignations of Principal A. W. Atherton
and Miss Gertrude Earle of the steno
graphic department, who had charged her
superior with misconduct. The action of
the board had been forecasted. It was
sharp and decisive. Ten minutes' time
sufficed to cover the formalities of the
session, and when all was over, Miss
Earle, escorted by her father, and her for
mer friend, Atherton, disappeared from
the lobby, where, with scores of pupils of
the school and their parents, they had
been hearers of the proceedings.
The bunch of letters which form an ele
ment in the spicy pedagogical scandal
were returned to Miss Earle, who declares
she will retain the missives from the late
principal unless Atherton's friends at
tempt to secure his reinstatement. In
that case the young woman threatens
that she will tell the whole story, putting
letters and all under the limelight of pub
lic criticism.
' "I remember on one occasion we waited
a long time, for him to come down stairs
before saying prayers at the breakfast
table, and finally we had to say them
without him. After breakfast we heard
him up stairs, singing to himself, and
upon investigation I found that he only
had a nightshirt on. That was while he
was staying at my house."
"Did you ever receive letters from him
indicating anything wrong In him?"
"Yes. I received a letter from him of
many pages relating all his troubles, and
particularly referring to charges that had
been made against him for. being intoxi
cated. It was a very incoherent letter."
"Did he appear to you to 1 be logical or
illogical in his conversation?"
"Well, we couldn't agree always. He
probably thought he was logical and I
thought I was logical."
"Did you ever notice that he drank
liquor?"
"No. I never observed that he was in
toxicated, though, of course, I had heard
that he drank.'"
The Rev. Mr. Ely, who followed the
Rev. Mr. Hewitt, testified that he attend
ed the same college with Adams, but that
he had not met him for twenty-five years
after they graduated until 18%. when Ad
ams went to Cincinnati. He was instru
mental in getting Adams the rectorship
of a church in the suburbs of the city.
Not long after Adams was given charge
of the church he began to drink again
and was attacked with delirium tremena
and was taken to a sanitarium for treat
ment.
"Did you see Adams at the sanita
rium?"
"Yes. He was in bed, looking much the
worse for wear, but sober."
"Did you say anything to him?"
"Yes. I told him he couldn't stay at
the church any longer— that I was respon
sible for him and that he would have to
go. He didn't combat the command X
gave him, but he seemed to think he
might go back."
John J. Bandman, a mining engineer of
San Francisco, and.V. B. Allen, also a
mining engineer, were the last witnesses
of the day. They testified concerning acts
of Adams and paid they considered him
Insane. The case went over until to-mor
row morning. The defense will probably
finish its case to-morrow, .when the prose
cution will begin putting in testimony in
rebuttal. .
Adams Was Eccentric.
The afternoon furnished something of a
surprise when two Episcopal clergymen,
who are visiting the coast as delegates to
the Episcopal Convention, were announced
as witnesses for the defense. One was the
Rev. John M. Hewitt, rector of Grace
Episcopal Church of Columbus, Ohio, and
the other the Rev. John A. Ely. rector of
Grace Episcopal Church of Cincinnati.
Ohio, both former associates of Charles
G. Adams, the last named having attended
the Baxley Gambia Theological Seminary
with him in 1869.
The Rev. Mr. Hewitt was the first wit
ness. He testified that he had met Adams
in 1871 while they were rectors of country
churches in Pennsylvania. They became
firm friends and frequently exchanged
pulpits.
"When you first saw Mr. Adams, Mr.
Hewitt, what was his manner?"
"He was a very earnest man and great
ly Interested in his work. He had a phil
osophical mind and was considered a bril
liant man. He preached over the heads
of his hearers — what I mean is, that his
parish was not a particularly brilliant one
and they didn't understand his sermons."
"What were his habits of dress when
you first saw him?"
"Well, when 1 first saw him he looked
as if he had come out of a bandbox, but
I noticed in 1856, when I last saw him,
that he was very slovenly in his appear
ance. But I didn't attribute this change
to drink. I thought he had merely ac
commodated himself to his environment."
"What was his demeanor when you saw
him in 18%? Was his conduct peculiar?"
"He was considered eccentric then. For
instance, he used to wear a silk hat and
a Prince Albert coat while riding around
in a, sulky, which perhaps no farmer
would do." • . "
"Were there any other eccentricities
that you recall?"
Clergymen Testify.
"There was no improvement in hia
habits. His speech was moody and dis
connected. He continued to drink heav
ily and would cry out in his sleep."
"Do you remember any particular act
of violence on his part while there?"
"In December of 1898 he attacked with
out cause a negro who .was chopping
wood. We heard the sound of the chop
ping and father rushed out after the man
witn a revolver in his hand, threatening
to shoot him at once. The colored man
became very angry but I finally pacified
him and he went away."
"Did he do anything else that would
show that he was not in his right mind."
"Yes, On another occasion lit Hanford
he ran out of the house after he had pre
pared to retire and discharged a pistol in
the air. He said he was afraid of demons.
His eye was glassy and his hair stood on
end. After he came into the house he
trembled like a leaf."
Miss Adams said her father kept up hi3
drinking while at Hanford until he was
again on the verge of delirium tremens.
His actions became scandalous and fin
ally he was to leave the church.
Shortly after leaving the rectorshio he
was unfrocked by the Bishop. The attor
neys finished with Miss Adams just be
fore the noon recess and she gave a sigh
of relief as she left the witness chair.
"Yes. A portrait of Bishop Williams,
who was at time the presiding Bishop
of the Episcopal Church in the United
States, excited him very much and he used
to say that it was a. picture of the devil."
"While you were in Cincinnati was your
father an inmate of any asylum?"
"Yes. He was confined in a sanitarium
for some time to cure him of an attack
of delirium tremens."
"Did he have charge of a church at that
time?"
"He was the rector of a church in the
suburbs of the city."
"Where did you go after leaving Cin
cinnati?"
"We came to California in 1898. Father
was offered and accepted the rectorship
of the parish at Hanford."
"How did he act white there?"
Aversion for Bishop's Picture.
Miss Agnes S. Adams resumed her place
in the witness chair this morning in Judge
Mel vin's court to describe the many
drunken escapades of her father prior to
the shooting of Dr. John G. Jessup in
Berkeley. Miss Adams began at the point
wh?re she left off when the court ad
journed yesterday afternoon, after she
had related all that had occurred between
the time when her father first began to
drink in 1888 up to 1806, when the family
removed from Fremont, Ohio, to Cincin
nati. Miss Adams testified to a series of
events in the unfrocked clergyman's
career which revealed that he saw, during
the past five or six years of his life, very
few sober moments. He was almost con
tinuously under the influence of liquor and
he was unable to retain a rectorship for
any length of time because of his failing.
"How did your father conduct himself
after your family went to Cincinnati in
1896, Miss Adams?" asked Attorney
Church.
"Father drank worse than he ever had
after we went to Cincinnati," replied the
witness. "He had an attack of delirium
tremens there. He would imagine that
little devils were sitting upon the picture
frames in the rooms of our house and he
would scream frightfully at all hours of
the night.": t
"Did he manifest aversion for any par
ticular picture in the rooms?"
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, October 3.
The men indicted were Attorneys Alex
ander Sullivan, counsel for the Union
Traction Company, successor to the West
Chicago Street Railway Company, against
which corporation the suits were original
ly brought; Edward Maher arid Frederick
fct. John and George P. Murray chief of
detectives for the Illinois Central' Railroad
company. Sullivan and Maher furnished
bonds shortly after their indictments in
the amount of $10,000 each.
The indictments are said to have been
made on the evidence of Lynch, v who, it
is= said, turned State's evidence
Murray is at Springfield and St. John
had not been found at nightfall. Lynch
u a? arrested in 189S. charged with offering
a brioe to a juror serving in a personal in-
Tury case a number of other indictments
were found against the bailiff later. Lynch
cipappeared in January, 1S99, and only re
turned last Tuesdav.
CHICAGO, Oct. 3.-Three prominent at
torney* and a well-known railroad detec
tive were indicted to-day on the charge of
conspiracy in aiding: and abetting Bailiff
James Lynch, indicted for attempted jury
bribing, to escape.
Indictments Found on Testi
mony Given by Former
Court Bailiff.
Committees Appointed and
Annual Reports Are
• Submitted.
Company Is Formed to Build
Cement Factories Im
mediately.
Resignations of Principal
Atherton and Miss Earle
Accepted.
Visiting Episcopal Clergy
men Offer Testimony in
His Behalf.
Rucker holds the responsible position of
inspector general of the Department' of
Southern Luzon, with headquarters at
Manila, in which capacity be has proved
himself a most valuable executive officer.
Rucker has a long and brilliant military,
record. In 1861 he,«nllsted in the Union
army in Captain Barker's Chicago Dra
goons, so called. He served until that vol
unteer company became the "Eighth Illi
nois Cavalry. Ho went from a private to
sergeant, then to first sergeant, and in
February, 1864, he was made second lieu
tenant for brilliant service. In November
of the same year he was made first lieu
tenant for gallantry, and with this rank
was mustered out. He re-entered the
armv with the rank of second lieutenant
in the Ninth Cavalry. In July, 1SG7, he
was made first lieutenant, and in March,
1879, captain. In 1897 he became major,
and in 1900 was transferred to the Sixth
Cavalrv. which was stationed upon this
coast, "Lieutenant Colonel. Rucker thus
becoming a resident of San Francisco.
Daughter Testifies He
Was Continuously
Intoxicated.
Charge Grows Out of
an Alleged Attempt
to Bribe a Jury.
Board Acts Decisively
in Berkeley School
• Trouble.
Bishop Duncan Opens
the Session of South
Church.
Large Tract of Valu
. able Land Near
Suisun Sold.
CAPITAL BUYS
LIME DEPOSITS
TOW VACANCIES
FOLLOW SCANDAL
ADAMS SAW FEW
SOBER MOMENTS
ACCUSE LAWYERS
OF CONSPIRACY
PRESIDENT PROMOTES
BRAVE CAVALRY OFFICER
Lieutenant Colonel Rucker, Popular in This City,
Is Named for Colonelcy of the Eighth.
YEAR'S LABORS
UNDER REVIEW
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, OCTOBER 4, 1901.
11
ADVEKTISEMENTS.
F O Od succeeds
where others fail, be-
cause it provides the
infant with nutriment
in the proper form.
Send for a free sample of Mellin*s
¦ Food and our book of bright t happy
'* Mellirfs Food Babies."
Mellin's Food Co., Boston, Mass.
V>M. VIGOR, VITALITY for MEN
C^SL MORMON BISHOP'S PiLL.S
i&* V'> Vfcfc have been in use over flfty
S^^vt^^raS* yeara by the leaders of the
iB&SiTt iaji '4%Z\ Mormon Church and their
HHSa^SSsKa followers. Positively cure tha
pS»iw/' iT^crSI Vv 'orst cases in old and youni;
BjJ%l\'*>a arising from effects of self-
\r&l£)3i$& abuse, dissipation, excesses or
wfflmlniWt cigarette-smoking. Cure Lost
THfRfSy Manhood. Impotency. Lost.
5fclS3&F Power. Night Losses. Insom-
nia, .rains In Back, Evil Desires. Lame Backs
Nervous Debility. Headache. Unfltness to Mar-
ry, Loss of Semen, jmm f^ Varicocele or Con-
stipation. Stop Ner *^ C_# VOU3 Twitching oC
Eyelids. Effects are ij^^r^ immediate. Im-
part vigor and pote t '^" Ti= *ncy to every func-
tion. Don't get despondent; a cure 13 at hand.
Restore small, undeveloped organs. Stimulate
the brain and nerve centers; 50c a box: 6 for
$2 50 by mail. A -written guarantee to cure or
money refunded with 8 boxes. Circulars free.
Address BISHOP REMEDY CO.. 40 Ellis «t..
San Francisco. Cal. GRANT DRUO CO., W
aa 1 40 Third st.THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, OCTOBER 4, : l901 r
12
HELP WASTED— MALE^Cobu^^
A— MURRAY & READY... ...Phone Main 5848
..Leading Employment and Labor Agents..
Want 7 a. m. to-day -••;
FREE FAKE FREE JJ-REE FARE
UKIAH UKIAH
UKIAH... UKIAH
Ship laborers and teamsters to Ukiah....* rec
60 teamsters, Ukiah Free faro
50 laborers, Ukiah Free fare
60 men, steel rock and extra gangs Uklah
...... FREE FARE .... FREE FARE
.-. WE SHIP DAILY
LOOK HERE FOR THE MINES
10 laborers, no experience required, for a
large mining company $42 and found
5 laborers for a small mine.... $30 and found
Single-hand miners * $60
..DRILLERS, NORTH. REDUCED FARES..
10 drillers for. a large company, north, $7o, see
boss here
10 laborers, no experience required, same com-
pany $67 50. see boss here
1 MISCELLANEOUS
Blacksmith, country shop $40 and found
Bench hand, planing mill $3 a day
Furnace man for a mine 2 Iron molder3
2 strong men to work in slaughter-house, $3
a day
3 stablemen and hostlers, city, $60, $50 and
$30 and found '.
Buggy washer, $35 and found; 2 youne men
to work In machine shop $1 50 a day
5 laborers, no experience, factory work. $1 <*>
a day
Choreman and wife, %2 50 fare. .$45 and found
Man to try and link sausages $13 50 week
4 teamsters, same ranch $26 and found
15 farm and orchard hands.. $26 and $30 and fd
Butter-makers, milkers. etc..$40 and $30 & fd
TEAMSTERS— CITY WORK
10 teamsters, city $12 to $15 a week
6 2-horse sand teamsters $15 a week
SAWMILLS AND ¦WOODS
10 more laborers, no experience required, to
work in mills, yards and woods, $35 to $35
and found
10 laborers, mills and yards, Sonoma Co.. $30
Hook tender, sawmill company.$35 to $45 & fd
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Experienced bakery wagon drivers.. $45 and fd
Porter and open oysters, saloon, $7 a week
and board
Sausage-maker. $15 a week; 2 butcher*. $52
and $60; 7 cooks, $40 and $50: waiter, north,
$30; 6 waiters, different country hotels, $30;
beef lugger, $2 25 a day
MURRAY & READY.: 634-B36 Clay »t.
A— W. D. EWER & CO.. "610 Clay st
Butcher, country shop $35 and found
Blacksmith, country shop $40 and found
Ranch cook, near city... $30
8 milkers, country $35 and $30
2 farm hands ...$26
Ranch . teamster $26
Farmer, orchard. Alameda $20
2 drivers for milk wagons $30 and $27 50
Waiter, country hotel $23, fare advanced
Baker's helper, country shop $25
Laborer for foundry $1 75 a day
Buggy washer. Oakland $50
Choreman for ranch $30
Cobbler to rent country shop
ANDRE'S office. 216 Stockton st.— Barkeeper,
city. $30 and found; waiter, country, $30;
young man to assist waiting; $30; omnibus,
$30; dishwasher, $30; dishwasher. $22; night
cook, $60; man to clean stable boxes on stock
ranch, $30; man for general farm work. Santa
Clara County. $1 a day; elevator and bell
boys, $15. -
BOSS BARBERS, ATTENTION!
There will be a special meeting of the Master
Barbers' Association of San Francisco at 102
O'Farrell st., Tuesday evening, October 8. at
9 o'clock, to consider and discuss matters of
interest to every boss- barber of San Fran-
cisco who employs one or more men.
Your welfare is concerned, so do not fall to
be present S. HELLER,
Secretary Master Barbers' Association.
JOURNEYMEN Barbers' International Union-
Free employment. 927 Market st, room 207.
I. LESS, secretary; telephone Jessie 1176.
MEN WANTED IMMEDIATELY.
CARPENTERS.
PILEDRIVER HANDS.'
EXPERIENCED RAFTSMEN.
All applications for work received at
Room No. 15.... ...No. 4 California st.
BRIDGE AND WHARF BUILDERS EM-
PLOYERS' ASSOCIATION.
Atlantic, Gulf and Pacific Co.,
California Bridge and Construction Co..
City Street Improvement Co.,
Cotton Bros. & Co..
Dundon Bridge-and Construction Co.,
Healey, Tibbitts & Co.,
Hyde Construction Co.,
Darby Laydon &• Co.,
J. A. McMahon,
Pacific Construction Co.,
Thomson Bridge Co.,
Robt. Wakefleld.
FOREMAN blacksmith for large city shop:
must be first-class man on heavy work, ex-
perienced steel worker; answer, stating shop
in which trade was learned, experience and
salary expected; only flrst-clas3, steady men
need apply. Box 520, Call office.
WANTED — Competent office man for general
auditing work; must be quick and reliable at
figures. Call," with written -application,- thts
morning. Superintendent's office, the Empori-
um and Golden Rule Bazaar.
TO tailors' assistants — Salesman -wanted; must
be acquainted with the business. Apply be-
tween 9 and 11 a. m. to CHAS. LYONS, Lon-
don Tailor, 721 Market st
WANTED— Vise hand and iron worker; men-
tion wages expected, experience and where
last employed; steady work, city shop. Box
534, Call office.
WANTED — A first-class wire -worker, who also
can do light Iron and grille work. Write to
Pacific Railing and Plating Works, Seattle,
Wash. -
WANTED— A first-class Job shop plater; must
do his own polishing and buffing. Write at
once to Pacific Railing and Plating Works,
Seattle, Wash.
WANTED— Heel builder and boy for sole
leather room. CAHN. NICKELSBURG &
CO.. 115 Hayes at.
OFFICE errand boy to-day, 1 o'clock; refer-
ences. H. K. STARKWEATHER CO.. 310
California st.
WANTED — First-class barber; wages $15 a
week to start. with. PETER DOLLHOPF,
Merced, Cal.
WANTED— 2 young men to work in bakery.
Apply at Cottage Home Bakery, 3025 Sacra-
mento st.
MARINE firemen, sailors, stevedores, non-
union: no office fees. Mechanics' Registra-
tion Bureau, 410 Kearny st., room 24."
"WANTED — Cash boys, 14 years of age and over.
Apply at HALE BROS., before 11 a. m.
WANTED— Young man as delivery bill clerk;
must be acquainted with location of streets.
Apply at HALE BROS, before 11 a. xn.
WANTED— Cooks, waiters, porters, dishwash-
ers,, pantrymen; no fee. 127 Mason st
ERRAND boy wanted for jewelry store; state
age and references. Box 802, Call office.
STRONG boy for the painting business; sailor
• preferred. O'NEILL, 7 Spear st.
WANTED— Second waiter at new Golden Gate
Hotel, 134 Fourth st. (
DRUG clerk, mornings 7:30 to 11; state salary
expected. Box 702, Call office.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 25c
to 50c. 563 Mission St., bet. 1st and 2d sts.
BRIGHT, well-educated boy. 13, to learn archi-
tecture. 326 Kearny St., room 44.
WANTED— A coatmaker for the country. Ap-
ply J. BAUMGARTEN & CO., 7 Montgomery.
OFFICE boy. 696 Battery st; also boys for
factory work.
WANTED— A boy about 16 or 18 years to run
elevator at 40 Ellis st
i ; 33^ —
SECOND cook wanted. 112 Fourth st.
SHOEMAKER wanted; good wages, weekly.
791 Mission at.
CLERK for grocery and bar. Corner Sutter
and Larkin sts.
TINSMITHS wanted. Apply 17 Drumm st
LADY wishes . partner with $150 : for cigar
store. 257 Fourth St.; corner.. Folsom.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. - 563 Mission Et. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
GOOD cook wanted; small chophouse. 9CS%
Howard st.
1 DISHWASHER. "Montrose," 1020 Van Ness
avenue.
YOUNG strong boy to learn confectionery and
bakery. 1205 Polk St., near Sutter.
WANTED— Good coffee house waiter. 612
Kearny st
BARBER shop — Good-paying city shop wanted.
Box 516. Call office.
2 GOOD mill bench bands and 2 sash and door
men. Apply PACIFIC COAST LUMBER and
MILL CO., Second and Grove sts., Oakland.
BOYS wanted to carry telegrams; good wages.
Delivery Dept. Western Union Telegraph
Company, 300 Montgomery st_
OPERATOR on coats; steady work; good pay;
first-class tailors on custom coats. 541 Mar-
ket st . -
[ EXPERIENCED salesman to canvas; city gro-
j cers; give experience and ref. Box 725. Call.
I WANTED — X manufacturing jeweler and pol-
isher. Box 711, Call office.
; WANTED— Man and wife for dishwashing-
wages $30. Address box 724, Call office.
WANTED — Oysterman. 113 Ellis st.
WANTED— A porter; call early; wages $40
Monogram Saloon. 152 East st.
WANTED— A heel builder. 134 Main st
. WANTED— A Goodyear operator on welting
J stitching, range rounding. Box 515, Call.
EaiPLOYMENT "W ANTED — .FEMALE.
YOUNG lad/ graduate of Heald's Business Col-
lege wishes position as bookkeeper and .type-
writer (no. shorthand); wages no object. Ad-
dress G. . HARRISON. WA Patton st. .
NEAT young woman wishes a position as
chambermaid; sleep home. Address 3903 Fol-
som st - - : ' ¦', •¦
SCANDINAVIAN girl wants a position; house-
work; wages $18 to $20. 1141 Allston way,
corner Bruce st. West Berkeley.
LADY wishes to take charge of house or take
care of an Invalid; "good references; at home
Wed. and Thur., 10 to 2 o'clock. 729 Fine st.
A ¦ MIDDLE-AGED woman wi3hes mending
and sewing. 319-321 Ellis st., room 56.
WISH place as cook In boarding-house , or in-
stitution in the city. Address CHEE & LING,
20 Prospect place. '.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third st, near Mar-
ket— 200 rooms: 25c to $1 50 per night; $1 50 to
$6 week; convenient and respectable; free
'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED— MALE.^
PERSONS who may have need of the services,
but whose business does not warrant the em-
ployment of a bookkeeper, can have their
books written up and cared for by. an expe-
rienced man on reasonable terms; highest
references. Address H. B. L., box 705. Call.
WANTED— Porter or janitor work by expe-
rienced strong man; good habits; industrious;
all around man;- references unquestionable;
wages no object. Box 709, Call office.
STEADY man' wants position in wholesale
warehouse or factory; good all around man;
wages not. less than $175 per day. Box 521,
Call office. ¦ • '
INTELLIGENT young man desires employ-
ment for a few hours every evening; can fur-
nish first-class references. Address box 519,
Call office^
AS planing mill foreman by woodworking ma-
chinist; yard and office experience. Box
713, Call office.
YOUNG Englishman. 24. respectable, willing
and of good habits, wishes employment of
any kind. Box E24. Call office.
STEADY young man desires a situation in fac-
tory or shop. Write to F. S., 322 San Pablo
ave., Oakland.
A POSITION as watchman or Janitor la want-
ed by one who is strictly temperate. Box 636,
Call office. :
GERMAN gardener, thoroughly understands
his business, can take care of horses and milk
cows; best references. E. M., Box 635, Call.
EXPERIENCED, trustworthy American, good'
references, wants country or private place to
care, for during owner's absence; accustomed
to orchard, poultry, horses, plain gardening,
etc.; moderate wages. Box BOS, Call office.
YOUNG man, 23, wishes employment; honest
and reliable; can furnish excellent references;
understands German; office work preferred;
good penman. Box 710, Call office.
A RELIABLE Scandinavian wishes work, city
or country: handy with tools; good porter;
handy at anything. L. OLSEN, 631 Sacra-
mento st. . . . .
YOUNG man wishes position as clerk in whole-
sale business; Is acquainted with shipping of
goods ; best of references can be given. Box
603, Call office.
POSITION wanted by first-class planer,
matcher, rip saw and endless belt man; good
engineer, stickerman and handy around ma-
chinery. C. McG., 713 Mission st.
AS invalid attendant or valet by a male trained
nurse, graduate of Bellevue Hospital, N. Y. ;
highest references. A. E. H., 530 Harrison.
PACKER and shipper; glass, china and gen-
eral merchandise; middle-aged;, want steady
Job; references. Box 514, Call office.
FIRST-CLASS house cleaning and laundry
work by the day. CHARLIE, 20 Prospect
place.
ENGLISHMAN, well educated, speaks and
writes French. German fluently, booVeeper,
etc., seeks employment, clerical or otherwise;
willing to work about place or act as compan-
ion to invalid: city or country- Box 627, Call.
POSITION wanted by thoroughly reliable Scan-
dinavian on city or country place as coach-
man, gardener and general utility man; can
milk and understands his business thorough-
ly; references. H. H., box 2707, Call office.
SITUATION wanted as man about place; un-
derstands care of horses, garden, cows. Please
call or address S. LAUX, 26 Turk st., Park
Hotel. . - .
A YOUNG man with years of experience in
'mining, milling, assaying, cyanldlng, tool-
sharpening, etc., solicits a position. Box 721,
Call office.
TWO or more first-class painters wish work;
have falls and other tools necessary for paint-
ing; work by the day or contract, city or
country. Address Painters, 988 Howard st.
ELDERLY man wishes situation as handy man
about place in city or country; small wages;
good gardener and handy with horses. Box
743. Call office. ' '¦¦
AN expert accountant wishes to devote several
days a month to concerns not employing reg-
ular bookkeeper; terms reasonable; refer-
ences. Box S22, Call office.
¦WISH place as cook In boarding-house or in-
stitution In the city. Address CHEE & LING,
20 Prospect place. '
WHO wants a good cook? Please call at
CHONG WING & CO.. 902 Clay st; local.
CHINESE boy, first-class cook. ¦ gcod refer-
ences, wants position in high family; city or
country. Address box 503, Call office.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore st.
EXCHANGE.
SHIP owners — Exchange $S000 equity city front
property for small steamboat. P. O. box 478,
Santa Cruz.
FINANCIAL.
COMPANIES promoted and financed; stock
taken in payment for services; good mining
and industrial proposition! wanted; gold
bonds furnished. PACIFIC STATES MINING
AND INVESTMENT CO.. 326 Post St.
PACIFIC Coast Underwriting Co. (Inc.)— We
have 42 offices In operation; new method of
placing stocks and bonds; companies incor-
porated; stocks and bonds underwritten. Call
or address main office. 507-8-9 Parrott bldg.
FLATS TO LET. '
VERY desirable upper French flat, 10 large
rooms; bay windows in every room; beautiful
view; elegant grounds; keeping no expense to
tenant. Northwest corner Portola st. and Du-
bose Park, oil Waller, bet. Pierce and Steiner.
NEW sunny lower flat, 7 rooms: modern, up-
to-date; see 1 to 5 daily. Van Ness & Union.
DESIRABLE 6-room flat and bath; $25. Apply
premises from 2 .to 5, 1320 Fillmore st.
UPPER flat, 4 rooms and bath; sun all day;
rent cheap. 1414^ Castro st.
GROVE, 1615, ¦ near Lyon — Sunny upper flat, 6
rooms, bath, yard, cellar; Golden Gate Park.
SUNNY 8-room; 2 kitchens; corner bay wln-
dow; middle; modern. Key 417V& Third st.
SUNNY upper flat. 6 rooms and bath; new
plumbing; first-class /condition. 2108 Baker at.
FLATS TO LET- — FURNISHED.
FURNISHED flat. 1319B Pine st ; 8 rooms and
bath: piano and telephone; rent $55. A. J.
RICH & CO., 112 Montgomery st.
_ FRAMES AND PICTURES.
CLYDE L. KELLER, 128-130 HayesTnr V. Ness
—Best work and lowest prices west Chicago.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
$17 50— SOLID oak bedroom set; plate mirror.
' $1 — Solid oak chair; factory price.
$2— Enamel beds, all sizes. Tel. Folsom 1328.
Beary's Credit House, 1429 .Mission, nr. 10th.
4 ROOMS furnished In oak, $48 50, with No. 7
' range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
FURNITURE of seven-room flat, nearly new;
parties leaving State. 1423 California st.
Will furnish your house on monthly payments.
A. B. Smith Furniture Co.. 128 & 132 Ellis.
SOOO YARDS carpet: leather library set, 6 pieces,
cost $125. D. GREENWALT. 708 Valencia st.
; FURNITURE WANTED.
CAL. Auction Co., 1462 Market — Buys furniture,
merchandise, etc. ; phone Jessie 2071. .
Auctioneer— W. P. Baauchamp, 928 Howard st. ;
tel. Jessie 1122; furniture, merchandise bought.
A. L. STORRS, 634 Ellis St. ; telephone Larkin
,2782; highest price paid for furniture, carpets.
TEL. Jessie 761 before selling furniture, car-
pets. pianos.- etc. CHAS. LEVY. 1135 Market.
A. WOLLPERT, 773 Mission St., pays highest
priceforsecond-handfurnltiire^_teLRedl334.
D. & F. new $1 glove, retailed at factory price;
warranted; kept In repair. 121 Grant ave.
HELP WANTED — FEMALE. •
GERMAN, competent cook, 1 lady second girl
help; wages $25; very good place. "MRS.
Lambert, 4is Powell st.
AT MRS. LAMBERT'S, 418 Powell St.— Help of
all nationalities to fill various positions. .¦ .
GIRL or elderly, lady to take care of baby and
light housework; fair wages. • 1122 Pacific st.
WANTED— Three young glrls'to work in lodg-
ing house. Apply 442 Pacific St. '.. -
GIRL or woman for general - housework. 810
Franklin st, *15.
HEIiP WANTETl MAI<K: — Cow.
WASTED- Stevedores, seamen, firemen. «|«'-
passew. cooks and waiters; good wages: per-
fect protection afforded on Broadway wh ar.
where employes are boarded and lodged on
steamer lying alongside; men working for
the company and giving satisfaction at thts
time will be given preference In future. Ap-
ply to Pacific Coast Steamship Company,
Broadway wharf. San Francisco.
1000 MEN want»iJ— Sailors, stevedores, firemen.
laborers; steady employment; good wasres.
Lumber Dealers' Association. 209 Examiner*
building. Good board on vessel and trans-
portation night and morning provided.
WANTED— 100 teamsters by the E. B. & A. U
Stone Co. for their camp near Jackson. Am-
ador Countv. Cal.: wages for 2-horse team-
sters. $2 per day; wages for 4-horse team-
ster3. $2 25 per day: board $4 50 per week.
AT RISDON IRON WORKS. San Francisco-
Machinists, boilermakers. patternmakers,
machine blacksmiths and shlpsmiths: also
. younc men over 1» years to- serve appren-
ticeships at these trades; excellent induce-
ments; ample protection. Apply office. Beala
and Howard sts.
1000 MEN wanted— Rock drillers, tunnel, brush
and shovel men to work on ditch line being
constructed for the Sweepstake Mining Co.,
near Weaverville, Trinity Co., Cal.; apply on
work; steady work, good board and best
wages In State. San Francisco Construction
Co., 2« Montgomery st, room 25. San Fran-
clsco, Cal. _^_____—_
WANTED— Recruits for the marine coorpa. V.
S. navy; able-bodied, unmarried men of goort
character, between the ages of 21 and 35: not
less than 6 feet 4 inches and not over 6 feet 1
inch; able to speak and read English. For
further information apply at the Recruiting
Office, 40 Kills 8t. ¦ .San Francisco. -
FIRST-CLASS tailor who is capable of taklns
charge of large coat shop; state last place or
employment and wages expected; steady Job
for right man. Box 511. Call office.
MEN to learn barber trade; only eight weeks
required; tools donated; positions guaran-
teed; catalogue free. MOLER BARBER
COLLEGE, 635 Clay st. ¦
"WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin, Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third St.; 150 larga
rooms; 25c per night: $1 to }2 per week.
DENTIST wanted: experienced graduate or li-
centiate; Christian. Room 11. 1065 Washlng-
ton St.. Oakland.
BUSHELMAN for country. Apply REISS
BROS. & CO.. 24 Sutter st. __
GOOD coatmaker to -work inside; good wages.
225*4 Montgomery ave. • __
STRONG, intelligent boys 18 to 20 years to
learn machinist trade. 505 Mission st.
YOUNG man to do janitor work for tuition in
San Franc'sco Barber School. 714A Howard.
SAILORS, ordinary, for ships for all parts of,
world. HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart at.
McDONALD & PERRY have 500 pairs second-
hand shoes for sale; 50c up. 241 Third st
PENSION atty., E. A. BuHis. r. 40. Phelan
big. Past com. Geo. H. Thomas PostG. A. R.
WANTED— SCO men to buy new and 2d-hand
army shoes, $1 up; soling 20c up. 923 Howard.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st. near Mar-
ket— 700 rooms.. 25c night; reading rooms; free
'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscciptions has been established at 109S
Valencia st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions-
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore.
IIOKt >ES AXB WACOilS.
DO not fail to attend the special auction sal*
Wednesday, October 2. at 11 a. m.. at the
Arcade Horse Market. 327 Sixth st. JOHN
J. DOYLE. Auctioneer.
150 HEAD stock horses for sale. A. M. SCOTT
& CO.. 35 Pore st. S. F.
FINE mare 5 years old; cart and light covered
top road buggy; bargain. 4164 26th st.
FOR sale— Fine horse. Twenty-sixth and Ala-
bama sts. •
HAND-MADE coupe cheap. Box- 63. Call offlc«.
ONE black road team, one carriage team, on«
fast road team. 721 Howard st. r-->
A BARGAIN in good carriage, saddle, biisinesm
and road horses. DALZIEL. 6C5 G. G. ave.
CHEAP— New panel body deltvery, 1 laundry, 1
baker's, 1 shoe, 1 grocery wagon. S2S Harrison.
BOYCOTT the ROBERTS Harness and Wagon
Co.; he sells too cheap. 54 Eighth st.
ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, harness,
etc.. cheap. EGAN & SON. 2117 Mission st.
AN A No. 1 express -wagon," single: also light
camping wagon for sale, cheap. 532 Mission.
DISSECTING subjects wanted. S. F. Vet
Col.. E10 G. G. ave.. Dr. E. J. CtppIv. rtpan.
HOSPITALS.
MENTAL and nervous diseases cared for at San
Elmo Hospital. 230 Douglass St.. San Fran.
~ HOUSES TO LET.
A— PRINTED list houses to let; send for clr-
cular. O. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
RENT $55 — 2941 Flllmcre St.. near Green; m.
brand new house of 9 rooms and bath; hot air
furnace and every modern convenience; hard-
wood floors; house finished in latest style;
handsomely decorated and tinted; has never
been occupied.
$50— HANSOME large residence opposite Buena
Vista Park, 1164 Halght 8t ; garden, yard, at-
tic and basement Apply premises, 10 to 3.
HOUSES TO LET FIUS15HED. j
A SUNNY cottage, 6 rooms, bath, piano,
chickens, fruit trees; Alameda: Vt block from
station. A. M. SPECK & CO.. 667 Market.
HOUSES FURXISHED — FOR .SALE.
FURNISHED, house. 7 rooms, rent $35, full
good roomers; very reasonable It sold at
once. 804 Geary St.
LOST AND FOUND.
LOST— At Alhambra Ladles' Auxiliary meeting
blue silk beaded bag with card case, purse,
keys; liberal reward. MRS. JANVIER, 1613
Bush st. • • - • ¦ :¦ .-•
LOST— Russian wolfhound dog. like greyhound.
. only . much larger and with long, silky hair
of a whitish gray color: information leading
to recovery, reward of $10. 126 Stockton St.
LOST— A Gordon 9etter puppy about 9 months
old: answers to name Rover. Return to-lC33
Washington st and receive reward. .
LOST — A pair of specs. Return to 231 Fourth
st:; reward.' •
LOST— Black marten fur collarette near or la
Presidio. Liberal reward at 736 Bush st.
FOUNP—Lady-s boa. Call 500 Haight st.
IT will pay to "Remember" that the Califor-
nia Watch Case Co.. 220, Sutter st. needs old
gold and sliver to make) new .watch cases.
MATTRESSES AND MIjJLOWS.
TO order, also cleaned and sterilized, uphol-
stery; Al carpet cleaning: honest work guar-
anteed. HOPKE BROS., 411 to 415 Powell st.:
; tel. Bush 421.
MEDICAL. ~
DR. O'DONNELL— All who are sick an<l In
trouble call and consult the specialist My
medicines have been used for many years by
thousands; the unfortunate helped; relief in all
cases taken; the most obstinate cases bava
been relieved by my medical treatment: frea
confidential advice on all subjects of a deli-
cate nature; all classes of female complaints
treated; relief to the longest cases. DR. G
W. O'DONNF.LL. 1013 Market St.. opp. Fifth."
MRS. SWEET, a graduate of the Royal Uni-
versity of Berlin: 25 years* experience in
ladles' complaints; utmost confidence can be
placed in her; ladles taken before and durinsj
confinement; best of care; terms, $1 week;
confinements, $13. including 10 days' board : in-
fants adopted. 3327 ISth gt; Miaslon-st. car.
THE original MRS; DAVIES. who has been in
business here for 23 years. Is still located at
1228 Market; maternity home provided; of flea
hours 10 a. m. to 4 p. m. and 6 to 3:30 p. m.
MRS. D. "W'YETH. reliable ladies' specialist:
private home before and during confinement'
removed from Post to 410 O'Farrell st.
MRS. D. ALLEN. 1113 Market— Reliable la-
dles' specialist: a prtv. home before and dur-
lnjs confinement; best medical care;, loir fees.
HINDOOHERB AND MRS. DAVIES', original
method of treatment; maternity heme homa
fn confinement 1126 Market st. S. F.
GRADUATE physician will take confinement
cases, any part of city; ten days' treatment
IIP. Call and register, 705 Vallejo st., r. i.
MRS. DR. GOODWIN, the eminent ladles' spe-
clalist. has returned from Europe; most mod-
ern methods: 25 years* exper fence In 3 F •
guarantees to cure all female troubles- mater-
nlty hospital; fee low. 9C6 Market St.. opp. 4th..
MRS. D. KOHL, ladies' specialist, confinement",
removed from Market st to 410 O'Farrell- st
CHEAPEST and best in America — The Weeklv
£ al ,V -, 16 C PR P 3> sent to any- address in tha
United States or Canada on* year tat 11
postage paid. *^
CLAIRVOYANTS— -Contlnqeil.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader, born with double veil— second sight;
' diagnoses disease with life reading; ladies 50o;
gents $1; palm, and clalr. sit. $1 50. 126 Turk.
ISMAR. the Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located 1148 Market, op-
posite Sixth; private readings daily, 10 a. m.
to 5 p. m. Sundays from 10 to 12 a. m. •
MISS M. WILLE, greatest of all crystal seers;
reads your life correctly; tells past, present,
future ;full names given ;slttlngs 50C.326A E4113.
CLAIRVOYANT card reader from Louisiana;
only 10c; from 1 to 8. 262 Minna St., nr. Fourth.
MRS. BROWN~ clairvoyant, card reader; ladles
25c, gents 50c; readings daily. 132 Sixth st.
MRS. MELV1LL, well known clairvoyant, water
reader. 11 Cth; German spoken; tel Jessie 1563.
MRS. MALLORY, spiritual card reader; send
stamp lor cir.; L., 25c; G., 50c. 917 Howard.
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, reader jpalmistry:
truth or no pay; 25c. 1149 Mission, over store
MME SCHAFFER. clairvoyant, card reader;
sittings daily. 44SV4 Jessie st.. bet. 5th and 6th.
MME. RAVENNA reads life flupntly: business
advice: names given: 25c up. E .Fourth st.
CARPET BEATING AND CLEANING.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S pioneer Carpet-beat-
Ing Works. 353-357 Tenama st. ; tel. South 40.
CARPETS beaten or laid, 3c per yard. CHAS.
PARRY. 1511% Market St.; phone Mint 1095.
AMERICAN Carpet-beating Works— Cleaning,
3c;renovated;relaid. 1C5 14th st. ;tel.Capp 2542.
ADVANCE Carpet-cleaning Co., 402 Sutter St.,
tel. Main 394. GEO. W T ALCOM & CO., Prop..
RUDOLPH & CO., carpet-beating works;prlces
reasonable. 1703 Harrison; tel. Mission 263.
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-cleaning Works,
333 Golden Gate ave.; telephone East 126.
CITY Steam Carpet-beating Works, G. H.
I STEVENS. Mgr., 3S-40 Sth st ; tel. South 250.
J. E. MITCHELL. Carpet-cleaning and Reno-
vatlng Co., 240 Fourteenth St.; tel. Mission 74.
CIIIUOrODISTS.
BUNIONS, corns, ingrown nails; painless cure.
DR. DUNCAN, 206 Kearny St.. room 307.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE AY*. KELLY'S Agency— No charge un-
less successful. Room 310, 927 Market st.
COLUMBIAN Law and Collection Agency, room
S5. 916 Market. Advice free; tel. Red 5211.
COTTAGES TO LE.T.
$6 — COTTAGE, 4 rooms; worth $12 in city; near
Crescent ave. Apply 64 Silver. St., off Third.
gjOENTlSTS.
A— DR. T. S. H1GGINS, 927 Market street,
Emma Spreckels building. Reasonable prices
for painless dentistry; pure gold niling $1 50;
artificial teeth, on plate, look natural and
guaranteed, $5 up; a good metal plate $15;
gold and porcelain crowns $5 to $10; teeth
without plate; painless extraction.
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC, 809 Mar-
ket et., cor. 4th, lin. 7. Flood bldg., you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns,
$3 50 up; plates, extractions free, $4 50 up; of-
fice hours, 9 a. m. to 10 p. nil* Sundays, 9 to
2 p. m. J. W. THATCHER. M. D., Manager.
j EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, bridges
: and fillings; extractions or fillings by my
wonderful secret, painless method; 20 years'
experience; no students; advice free; prices
cheapest and guaranteed; lady attendants.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell et
A — NEW unbreakable plate, the Rose Pearl,
wan-anted for 20 years; crowns, $3 50; fillings,
50c; plates, $5; full set; all work painless and
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth.
YOU can save 40 per cent on dental work by
going to DR.. BROWN. 54 Sixth st.
PARTS Dental Parlors. 235 Kearny, cor. Bush-
Full set of teeth, $4; crowns,. $3; fillings, 25c.
AT Ideal Dental Co.. 6 Eddy St.— Work done
on weekly installments; lowest rates-.
SET of teeth without plate. DR. H. O.
YOUNG. 3S41 Polk Et
DR. R. L. WALSH 815%Geary,nr.Larkin— Paln-
less extraction 50c;plates $5 up;phonePolkll35.
DR. II. G. TRUMAN, dentist, third floor. Ex-
nmlner buildlnsr: formerly In Murphy bldg.
~___-_^ DOG H - 0SPIfrALlS *
DR. CREELY'S C. P. dog soap by druggists
or at the Hospital. BIO Golden Gate ave.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School-
Class rates: patterns cut 1019 Market Bt. -
FRENCH accordion and knife pleating. WM.
PILGER. 121 Post, over O'Connor & Moffatt.
KDUCATIOSAL.
AYRES' Leading Business College, 723 Market—
$8 per month: $50 life scholarship guarantees a
complete business education; shorthand, typ-
ing, bookkeeping, arithmetic, penmanship,
spelling, Spanish, etc.; experienced teachers;
new typewriters; positions secured; cat. free.
j A CLASS in vocal music has been organized
to meet each Friday evening in the First
United Presbyterian Church, Golden Gate
ave. and Polk st., under the direction of Pro-
fessor W. T. Wiley; all* lovers of music. in-
vited; $1 for 12 lessons; book furnished.
A LAW DEPARTMENT of the Night School
for men at the Y. M. C. A. opens Tuesday.
Oct. 1: tuition $50 a year; three nights a week;
prospectus now ready; registration open; in-
structor Geo. H. Boke of Jurisprudence dept.
A — The official reporters of the Supreme Court adr
vise their friends to attend the GALLAGHER-
MARSH COLLEGE. Is this advice worth fol-
lowing? Life scholarship $50; catalogue.
A— THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school fcr the university, law and medical
colleges; references. President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building.
CORRESPONDENCE Schools' students assisted
evenings; lessons in mathematics, mechanics
and drawings; send for circulars. 3040 Six-
teenth St. J. F. KLENCK.
CALIFORNIA Business College; most thorough
modern methods; positions for all graduates;
new 60-page catalogue free. 305 Larkin st.
CALIFORNIA Medical College— Regular term
opens Octflbor 7. Full Information write D.
MACLEANf M. D.. dean, Donohoe bldg., S. F.
ACTING, elocution, specialties, Hallett School,
associated with theatrical agency securing
positions. Alcazar building, 120 O'Farrell st.
MERRILL-MILLER College-Shorthand, typ-
ing. practical bookkeeping. Rooms 40-45. Par-
rott bldg. ; individual Instruction; catalogue.
ENGINEERING— Civil, elec, mining, mech. sur-
vey, assay, cyanide; day. eve.; est. 1864. Van
der Naillen School, 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
! BOOKKEEPING, figures; the one man who per-
fects beginners, college graduates & bookkeep-
ers Is TARR, the expert, 220 Parrott building.
A FULL course of Ellis bookkeeping and tha
Gregg shorthand costs only $G0. San Fran-
cisco Business College. 1236 Market st. . .
WANTED — Good mandolin p'ayers for select
club, and violinist, etc., for amateur orches-
tra. S. F. Conservatory, 301 Jones st.
SPANISH lessons given by a native Spanish
teacher; translations. 513 McAllister st.
Chicago Business College, 1435 Market, nr. 10th—
Pitman shorthand, typing, bookkeeping, $6 mo.
VAUDEVILLE School of Acting— Pupils pre-
pared for the stage. 125 Mason st.
ACTING — Send, to Grand Opera-house for clr-
cular of Grand Opera-house School of Acting.
MARY P. WESTHAUS, piano, mandolin, guitar
lessons, 50c; piano for practice. 39 Fifth st.
PROF. L. MERKI, experienced teacher: violin,
mandolin, guitar; Juvenile class. 1008 Mission.
ILLUSTRATION-PARTINGTON'S DAY and
ILLUSTRATION— night class. 424 Pine st.
HEALD'S Business College, 24 Post St., S. F.;
founded H63; new 80-page catalogue free.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc. : day or eve. ; $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
BMI'LOYSIBHT OFFICES.
JAPANESE and Chinese h^lj^oT^aii^kindsl
cooks, waiters and house servants. GEO.
AOKI & CO., 421 Post St.; tel. Bush 135.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office-
Best help. 411% O'Farrell Bt; tel. East 426.
JAPANESE Intelligence Office— Furnish most
reliable help. 624 Bush st. ; tel. Bush 516.
ORPHEUM Employment Office — Japanese. Chi-
nese help. 426 Powell.nr.Sutter; tel. Black 5072.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
fice; all kinds help. 315 Stockton: Main 6188/
EMPLOYMENT WANTED FEMALE.
SITUATION wanted by a girl of 17 to assiit
at light housework or care for a child or
upstairs work. 357 First St., near Harrison,
rear, upstairs.
A GIRL wants a situ'ation to do general house-
. work and cooking. Apply 10 to 12 m. at 1131
McAllister st.
WOMAN wants washing and Ironing and
housework by the day. Call or address A.
N., 62 Tehama st.
RESPECTABLE woman wishes situation to do
light housework; city or country; references.
Address box 543. Call office. ' •
A STRONG, reliable woman want« work by
the dny. Address M. S., 128A Eighth 8t.
A COMPETENT girl wishes to do housework
or second work. Call 1238 Mission st. ;:
YOUNG, woman wishes position as working
housekeeper; city or country. Box 544, Call.
nUSMTOSS CHANCES Continued.
WANTED— Business man with 513,000 to invest
in a manufacturing company and act as
treasurer and look after j.he office end of the
business. Box 504, Call of flee.
I WANTED— Working partner with some capital
in a new manufacturing enterprise; quick re-
turns. Factory. 235 Valencia st.
$300 INVESTED Immediately wilWuxnish pleas-
ant permanent and paying employment and
pay over 200 per cent yearly profit besides;
absolutely safe. Box T2S, Call office.
RESTAURANT for sale cheap; outfit good. Ap-
ply at 9 Drumm et.
FOR SALE-The Call agency in Santa Cruz;
price J1200.
1300 AND J35O— Fine opportunity to invest In
(ttublished blackslmth business ; price In each
rase covers stock, tools and good-will. Ad-
dress box 283. Call clflce.-
SALOON for sale — On account of sickness of
owner;- eood trade. " Apply ' to ' GEO. D.
SHEAP.ER & CO.. San Rafael, Cal.
WANTED— Partner with $2500; unusually fine
opportunity to right man. Box 70C, Call.
PAYING restaurant cheap: will cell half to
right man. 410 Kearny st.
?275— DELICACY store; 3 rooms, yard; receipts
$9 daily. Pacific Exchange, 765 Market st.
UNDERTAKING— Will buy an interest or form
company. Box S15, Call office.
LOUGIXG-UOUSCS FOR SALE.
aTxT^argains! call^for^ist^
18 rooms; Geary St.; $250 cash; only $575
34 rooms (the best); clears $300 3000
60 rooms; partly furnished; only 900
20 rooms; new; elegant;- clears $150 1500
MONEY TO LOAN ON ANY HOUSE.
19 rooms on one floor 900
8 rooms; fine yard 350
33 rooms; worth $2SC0 1600
10-room house; fine location 425
24 rooms; on Geary st l»09
100 rooms; clears $350; payments to suit... 6000
16 rooms; transient; only $400 cash 750
6-room flat; fine corner 300
36 rooms; on Market Bt 1900
10 rooms; north of Market st 450
42 rooms; clears every month $300 1G00
8 rooms; flat; near City Hall 350
15 rooms; on Sixth St.; clears $80 800
24 rooms; on Market St.; clears $150 16C0
18 rooms; corner; Just like home 1400
10 rooms: on Mason St.; new .- 750
32 rooms: offices: clears $250 3500
21 rooms; ?C00 cash, balance payments — 1250
FRENCH AND GERMAN SPOKEN.
H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market; tel. Mint 796.
5450— DOWNTOWN; 14 rooms; cheap rent;
near Market and Fifth sts.; clears $75; other
business cause of selling. Apply DECKER,
1020 Market sL '"]'¦¦¦,
ATTENTION, BUYERS'.
COME TO US FOR BARGAINS.
HEADQUARTERS FOR ROOMING-HOUSES
Any of the following on monthly payments:
24-room workingman's house; cheap rent. $500
6-room flat; all rented 225
42 rooms; grand halls; fine income 26C0
14 rooms; transient; clears $125 600
£0 rooms; fine furniture; see this bargain.
21 rooms; $500 cash, balance payments.... 1000
i 5(1 rooms; rent $10U; clears $250.... 150C
i 100 rooms; grand corner; clears $400 C000
! 70 rooms; modern; clears $250 4000
j 12 rooms; Turk st. ; all rented 323
S CALL, WE CAN SUIT YOU.
I 11 rooms; desirable location 4iO
i 7 rooms; O'Farrell st 400
16 rooms; Howard St.; housekeeping £00
12 rooms; Bush st 500
24 rooms; Geary St.; payments 19C0
I 15 rooms; Sutter st.; central 600 i
1 MONEY LOANED Phone John 531 ¦
j A. H. RETSLOFF, 906 Mrkt., cor. Ellis, r. 12.
| MARION GRIFFIN, 719 Market, rooms 1, 2.
Office near Call Building.
I have 4 salesmen: money to loan; long list.
40 rms.: near theaters and street cars; rent
$4 a room: roomers pay $10 to $15 per room;
house clears about $115 each month; terms M
cash, balance monthly installments $2600
20 rms.. new oak furniture; new heavy Brussels
carpets; rent $50; full of men; income always
more than $125; all light rooms; owner must
sell at once because of death In family.. $600
10 rrr.s. ; on Golden Gate ave.; fine sunny house;
large rooms; furniture good; each month
clears $40 $S50
61 rms.; clears about $200 a month; I will
j exchange for farm or sell for % cash — $4000
! 14 rms.; central corner; newly furnished; clean;
clears $53 per month; offices; all men $1050
S rms.; rent $20; clears $45 per month $300
Several hotels and boarding-houses; all sizes.
Above are samples; please call for free list.
11 ROOMS; rent $35; must be sold $400
12 rooms; choice location; rent only $40.. 450
7 rooms; nicely furn.; good home 375 j
10 looms; good fur., carpets; Bush st.... 800
45 rooms; fine sunny corner; central — 3T00
300 r. : fine location; good money maker.. 6000
12 rooms; newly renovated: fine: sunny.. 1200
17 rooms; rent $70; a money maker 1250
22 rooms; corner; good transient: clean.. 1500
19 rooms; something good: see it 2500
S5 rooms; elegant: one of the- best 8000
$5000 — 37 rooms; Kills; clear™ $209 over all.
$650 — 14 rooms; O'Farrell f rent $45; bargain.
; We furnish all the money you need.
DONALD INVESTMENT CO.. 850 Market et.
A. CAMERON & CO..
850 Market St.. and S Stockton St..
Rooms 21, 22 and 23. Phone Bush 328.
See our list of bargains.
45 r. ; oak and mahogany fur.: clears $100. $3000
39 r. ; rent $12.": oak fur.; good carpets 2350
30 r. : rent $125; Al trans.; fine fur 2200
24 r. ; rent $110; everything good and clean 13W
21 r. ; rent $45; wa'.nut fur.; housekeeping. 1000
17 r.; rent $100; good fur. and carpets 1550 j
10 r. ; rent $47 50; oak fur.; carpets good.. 550
7 r.; rent $33; golden oak fur 250
5 r. ; rent $18; modern flat; good fur 250
Over 500 houses listed. Call before buying.
ATTENTION!— Buyers will find it to their ad- !
vantage to call and examine list of FISHER
6 CO., S35 Market St., phone Folsom 1592.
S4 r $14C0 22 r $S00 16 r $SOQ
20 r 1150 20 r 800 14 r 450
18 r 1000 13 r COO 12 r 400
15 r 700 8 r 350 10 r 400
8 r D50 6 r 225 7 r 223
R. G. WILKE, 26V£ Kearny, rooms 9 and 10. i
We have about 300 houses enlisted and great
bargains; ccme and see our list and we know
we can satisfy you; houses to trade, to ex-
change and money loaned; don't forget the
office. It is 26V4 Kearny St., rooms 9 and 10.
A— NOTICE— We have rooming houses, all
Fizes and prices, in all parts of the city; get
our list first.
MITCHELL & CO.. 1206 Market st.
TWELVE rooms, Eddy, new flat, rent $50, $500.
15 rooms, clears $42, half cash, nr Hyde, $700.
M. E. RIVES, 916 Market St.; tel. Main 12S.
¦44 ROOMS. Sutter, clears 1200. part cash. $4000.
Money at 1%%. M. E. RIVES, M6 Market st.
THE largest and best list of lodging-houses
and hotels can be found at office of
G. W. SCHWEINHARD, phone Mint 1911.
317 Market st.. near Fifth.
WANTED— For cash, good 15 to 25 room house:
centra., well furnished. Address box CSS. Call.
SPIRITUALISM.
COME and see C. V. Miller's wonderful seances;
Sun., Tues., Fri., S p. m., r.Oc; you can speak
to spirit friends face to face, recognize them;
give names; received medals from many
countries: taken last world's record medal
Paris Fair. 10S4 Bush st. ; tel. 2275 Larkin.
BROCK WAY'S psychic seance Sunday, Tues-
day, Wednesday, Thursday, Fri., 8:15 p.m.;
25c. 2H9 Hyde. cor. Eddy; _ phone Hyde 2564.
A— MRS. DR. FARNHAM, spiritual medium
and life reader: mining a specialty; clr. Sun.,
Wed. and Friday evenings. 1035 Market st.
PROF. JOHN J. HULTHEN. clairvoyant,
palmist and card reader; reveals past, pres-
ent, future; ">Cc. 1007% Market St., near Sixth.
MRS. HUBBARD, 1C9 Oak st.; circles Tuesday
and Friday, 8 p. m. ; Wednesday, ladies, 2:30
p. m., 10c; readings daily, 50c.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance, bus. medium;
life reader; medical, clairvoyant; sittings, $1;
letter, $2. 1164 O'Farrell st ; Ellis car.
MRS. IIARLAND'S circle to-night; best tests.
10c; businesa readings, 50c. $1. 14S Sixth st.
ARNOLD and Dlckson seance Sunday night;
see and talk with the dead. 201 Turk st
Mustafa — Egyptian materializing seance. Sun.,
W«d.,Fri.,8 p m.,25c; sittings daily. 1610 Bush.
EARLE, independent slate writer; 328 Ellis; tel.
Polk 1001; seance Tues., Thure., Sun., 8 p. m.
FRIENDSHIP Hall. 333 McAllister— Mrs. C. J.
Meyer; sittings daily; test to all to-night. 10c.
PROF. GEE. 108 Sixth St.— Readings, 50c, $1;
! clr. Sun.. Tues.. Thure. and Fri. nights, 10c.
clairvoyants.
mme! m. Bernard] —_-——
the famous
Clairvoyant and business medium, permanently
located at 17 Third St.. next Examiner bldg. She
reads your life correctly, gives an accurate de-
Ecr"iption of the past, reveals the present hap-
penings and portrays events to occur in' the fu-
ture. If you are In- trouble, discontented, un-
happy or not satisfied in life, or have domes-
] tic, love or business troubles, consult this great
1 medium and you will be told how to overcome
them. Valuable advice in all affairs of life;
25c up; perfect satisfaction guaranteed. : v
MRS. DR. F. CLARK, the well-known trance
medium, is permanently located at 1206 Mar-
ket St.. corner Golden Gate ave., rooms 25 and
26; take elevator. Perfect satisfaction guar-
anteed by mail; send stamp for pamphlet
with special terms. Dally and Sunday.
A-L1NCOLN, CLAIRVOYANT,
HIGH PSYCHIST.
The most wonderful clairvoyant on the coast;
he succeeds when others fall: permanently lo-
cated at 125 Turk st; readings by mail.
MME. ARNDT, the great clairvoyant, tells past,
future: never fails; has the greatest Egyptian
FCcrft; shows picture future husband or wile:
fee 25o and up; satisfaction to everybody; open
Eundays; hours 10 to 8 p. m. 215% Sixth st.
MME. LAROSE. best clairvoyant, card reader;
German spoken.25c up. 777"4Market st.,room 18.
MRS. E. L. DAVIS, the great clairvoyant
• card reader; ta4te* 25c. gents 50c. 28 Sixth at.
SAN FO-1XCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE cf The San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third etreets; open
until 12 o'clock every richt in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES- 51'7 Monteomery street,
corner Clay; open until S:30 p. m.
S00 Hayes street; open until 9:30 p. m.
€29 McAllister strett; open until 9:30 p. m.
€15 Larkin street: open until 9:30 p. m.
1HI iliEsion street; open until 10 p. m.
T261 Market street, comer Sixteenth; open
until S ]f. m.
JOC Eleventh street; open until 9 p. m.
J096 Valencia street: open until 9 p. m.
Northwest corner Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky etreets: cpen until 9 p. m. J
22fO Killmore stroot; ri>en until 9 p. m. .
mkkti.no kotices. •
cTLl[F^nNTA~CmmnInder.v "No 1. K. *
T « Po^t St.— Regular assembly THIh "ffife* 5
(FRIDAY) EVENING. ":Zi oVIock. £J
All friitrs cordially invited. By order <£J>
° f *** GRAVES. Recorded
OCCIDENTAL Lodpe No. 22. F. and m
A. M.-THIS (FRIDAY) KVENING. i\
at 7-30 o'clock. Socond dt-grte. By 1^A\
order r.f the \V. M. / \
WALTER G. ANDERSON', Secretary. :
EX.CE1.S1OU Lodge No. 165, F. and A. « I
M -Called nwiing THIS (BATCH- _#%_
DAY) EVENING. October 5. at 7:2J TSg
o'clock. First <icerep. By order of ' TT *
the W. M. H. J. OWEN*. Secretary.
SAN FRANCISCO Lodge No. 3, I.
o r. p.— Double initiation THIS
(FRIDAY) EVENING. Members •^S«fc = c-
and vis-ling brothers cordially ///u> N
asked to attend. M. BRILLIANT, N*. G.
J. W. E. ALLEN, Rec. Sec. _^
MEMBERS of Eureka Lodge No. 9. IC. «*£
of P.. are requested to attend the j?*V>&
n«>xt meeting. October 4, for the pur- 5g"^S^
pof=e of conferring on four Pages the "^CF^l*
rank of Esquire and Knight. Members of
Bister lodges are invited. By order of
H. WELCER. C. C.
J. HEALING. K. of R. S.
BBGULAR meeting of the Caledonian . VT >,
Cii:* THIS EVENING at 8 o\-l<x'k. *?>„ ftffl
Tickets for the stcreopticon views "SXJLJ&i"
will be given members. Lecture *Lyi_JV>
after business meeting by Dr. J. A. J. MC-
DONALD Scottish Hall. 117 Larkin et.
A. M. McPHERSON, Chief.
JAS. H. DUNCAN. Secretary.
. — — — i
SAN FRANCISCO Tent No. IS. K. <
O. T. M.— Review THIS (FRIDAY) /gSKQw
EVENING at S o'clock. Pioneer fi^frtraj
Hall, 24 Fourth ft. 1aMy£3
H. H. CASTLE,
Record Keeper.
_^ — ¦ i
STOCKHOLDERS' meeting— Notice is hereby
given that the annual meeting of the stock-
holders of the Bank of California will be held
at the banking house in this city on TUES-
DAY. October 8. 19C1. at 11 o'clock a. m. By
order of the Beard of Directors.
ALLEN M. CLAY. Secretary.
AI>OI'T1O>.
GIRL and boy baby for adoption. MRS. DR.
FUNKE, 141C Eighth «.. Alameda.
ACEXTS WASTED.
McKINLEY'S Life, by Murat Halsted; best !
author; best book; best terms; retails $1 50; I
will dunlieate any offer on inferior books;
credit given; freight paid; outfit free. J. S. (
ZIEGLER & CO.. Chicago. 111. J
AGENTS WANTED— Life of McKinley, five
hundred rage large book; handsomely illus-
trated: outfit free; now ready; 75 per cent j
discount to afrer.ts; freight paid; credit given. 1
HENRY NEIL., 323 Dearborn St.. Chicago.
AGENTS wanted— Life of McKinley. 500 pages; j
best book; 100 illustrations; outfit free; com-
plete book, ready for delivery. S. C. MIL-
LER & CO.. Portland. Or.
WANTED— Limited number of good canvassers
can fir.d something to their advantage by
calling at 2C2 Tost St., Wednesday, before
€ j?. m. t
OUR martyr Presidents, McKinley. Garfield,
Lincoln; their illustrious lives and glorious
deeds: handsomely illustrated; outfit sent on
receipt of t'oc. J. A. HOFMANN. 1219 Bush.
Al AGENTS in every town for McKinley sou-
venir pictures; fp.st seller; sample 7c in post- j
age. Address HAGENS & CO.. 518 California. !
ASl-HALTL'M HOOFING.
J. PELTIER, asphalt roofing, sidewalks re-
paired: postal. 11SS Mission; tel: Folsom 2477.
ATTORMSVS AT LAW*.
ADVICE free— Divorces a specialty; quick.
qul»t; no charge without success; collections,
wills 1 , deeds, etc.. prepared; charge low; estb.
. 16 yars. Atty. G. YV. HOWE, S.V) Markt St.
ADVICE free;divorces private: bankruptcy ;col-
leclior.s attachments imortgages; bills of sale;
partnerships; deeds :wi!ls arawn; fees low;open
eve's. TIIURSTON. 14X8% Mkt.. r. 4, op. Eth.
ADVICE free; moderate fee If successful; office i
open evenings. HUGH C. GRANT, 927 Market. |
ADVICE free: open eve.; moderate fee If suc-
cessful. EDW. R. SHIRRAN, I'27 Market St.
ADVICE free: r.o charpp unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. 1C7 Market St., opp. Mason, j
L. P. CLARK. Emma Spreckels bldg., 327 Mar- |
ket St.; consultation free; no fees In advance.
BOARDING FOIt CHILDREN.
WANTED— A young boy to board in refined
family; references exchanged. MRS. GEORGE
SANLKUV. 762 Clayton st.
MOTHER'S care and good home for two or
three children; low terms. 3607 California Et.
DOOKS — XEW A>'D OLD.
BOOKS of every ldnd bought. Tel. Red 2956.
HOLMES BOOK CO.. 704-706-708 Mission st.
AEK to see Lundbeck's Improved drawer
trur.k: at all dealers or factory. 826 Howard.
A— JSiO; BRANCH bakery, notions "and fancy
procery ytore in Alameda; rent $10; good lo-
cation and fino paying business. Call R. G.
WILKE, 26H Kearny et.
}4C0— CORNER grocery and bar, with living
rooms, in best part of the Mission; call at
once, you will have a bargain. R G
WJLKE. 26'i Kearny st.
A— »7."0; THE leading delicacy store in the llis-
eicn, doing a rirst-class paying businesa and
having tlie cream of the trade; fresh stock,
•lesant fixtures; a rare chance. Call R. G
WILKE. 26' 2 Kearny Ft.
A— UC00; PARTNER wanted in old-established
corner raloon; best downtown location; a rare
chance. R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st. .
A— $3*00: rtKST/.L'RAXT close to Market St.;
near Chronicle bldg. ; a good paying business
Call R. G. WILKE, 2G>4 Kearny st.
A— fZSOC; LIVERY and boarding stable north of
Market Bt., clearing above $300 per month; full
value in sisht; a rare oi,portunity. Call R.
G. WILKE. 26^i Kcarny fc t.
A-UJO, GOOD-PAYING saloon, close to the
water front; rent ?23; must be sold at once, as
owner is compelled to return to Michigan. Call
It. G. WILKE. 26'^ Kearny et.
A-J400; CORNER saloon on Mason St.; rent $25-
good business: iv.un be sold at once; owner
accej-ted • Government position. Call R. G.
WILKE. 2C'^ Kcarny Et.
ATTENTION, buyers- Lodging-house, 9 rms.,
price lo,Q; 12 rms.. $2:fi. with piano; rooming-
house. 41 rms.; rooming and boarding 12
rms. ; hotel. 4<J nns. ; restaurant on Market st.,
a Ki-c-at bargain, $:,no; restaurant on Third st
pnee twj) For chances for any business call
on McBRIDE & CO.. Auctioneers and Real
Estate. 1C1S Market st., opposite Fifth.
VAXTED- An c-nergc-tic business ma n with
J1200 as (jiirtner in old-established coal busi-
ness clearing $300 per month; fine large horses
end wagons; UirKe stock on hand; or will gell
the whole; stock an<* improvements invoice
tSOOO. J. 11. STANTON. 47 Post st. 1I " olte .
J'-.'hI— PARTNER v.-anted; 200 per cent abso-
lutfly safe. See STANTON (my agent) 31
Kearny et. '
PHOTO gallery; b«-st location on Market st -
long leaso; first-class business; cause of sale'
oth<*r business. MITCHELL & CO.. 120G Mkt!
SALOON: all new DttH up; good stock; rent
$<"•; good business: nrast eell: leaving city in-
vcfstigato. MITCHELL & CO.. 1206 Market st.
A— 1200. PAKTXEa commission business;
clear 173 month to each. STRAND & CO. 203
Kcarny £t. ¦ -, - .
A — i*-50 ; CORNER saloon: city front: clears $200
month. KTKAND & CO.. 209 Kearny st.
A— DELICACY store; 3 living rooms; average
business-- $10 per day; good reasons for selling
%'. A. BROOKS, 12 Golden Gate ave.
ISf«- ELEGANTLY furnished flat: 9 rooms-
lease; JKioO ins. McLAUGHLIX & CO., 777>4
Market *t-
— ; "
GROCERY for sale: across bay: doing a good
bvtlr.ess; price !27T,0; a good opening. A4-
Urc-rs box 7CS. Call.
CIGAR and tobacco Ftore for sale; one of the
befc» outside town; or. account ofpoor healtn.
Vox ZV2, Call.
A— $75; FRUIT, cigar and lunch ftore; eootl
trade. Pacific Business Exchange, 763 Market.
A— S3:>C0; GROCERY pnd bar; estab. 16 years :
fine trade. A. H. RETSLOFK. 906 Market et.
FOR PALE — A g-ood paying restaurant. Apply
110 Townsend et., near Third.
LADY wants gentleman buy interest establish-
ed business; terms suit buyer. Box 865, Call.
*W— BRANCH bakery, candy, notions, laundry,
•uitable for lady. 137 Fulton st.
HELP WANTED— FEMALE— Con.
A- ilRS.^ M. E L DAY & CO., Phone Main 15757
........... HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Head waitress, city ....$30
Waitress, Bakersfleld $25
5 waitresses, first-class hotels, country
....:...... $20 and $25
8 waitresses, city $20
2 restaurant waitresses $7 week
4 chambermaids to wait $20
FAMILY DEPARTMENT
Cook, $30, country; hcusegirl, $25; second girl,
$20; many other choice places.
MRS. M. E. DAY & CO.... 335 Geary st.
MACHINE operators and hand sewers at
LEVI STRAUSS & CO.'S overall factory, 3?Vi
Fremont St.; good wages; no experience
necessary; steady work. Apply MR. DAVIS.
HAIRDRESSING, dyeing, bleaching and
manicuring- taught In two weeks; entire
course, $5; positions waiting for graduates to
fill evening classes. S. F. COLLEGE, 143
Stockton st, room 15.
WANTED— A strong stock girl for cloak and
suit department. Apply R. D. DAVIS & CO.,
corner Geary st. and Grant ave.
ELDERLY woman for working housekeeper;
country; good home; $12. Apply at 215A
Guerrero st.
OPERATORS on muslin underwear; steady
work. BAUER BROS. CO., 21 Sanaome st.
OPERATOR for hemstitch machine; steady
place. BAUER BROS.' CO.. 21 Sansome st.
FIRST-CLASS tailoress; also a buttonhole
maker. A. KAHN. 142 Geary St.
APPRENTICE for hairdressing at G. LED-
ERER'S, 123 Stockton Bt. '^^^
IRONERS to work on ladles' and children's
wear. I. MAGNIN, 656 Mission 8t, 3d floor.
FINISHERS on ladies' tailor Jackets. LOW-
ENTHAL'S, 914 Market st.
GERMAN girl wanted for general, house-work;
wages $1S. 3899 Twenty-fourth, cor. Sanchez.
GIRL for light housework and plain cooking;
small family; good wages. 776 McAllister et.
WANTED— Millinery makers and i apprentices.
The Leon. 943 Market st.
WANTED— Protestant girl; general- house-
work; .two adults; $20. J. B.. box 707, Call.
WANTED — Helpers for dressmaking on waists
and skirts. Apply at 234 Post st. room 10.
YOUNG ladies to address, envelopes; 70 cents
per 1000. Box 723, Call office.
GIRLS for high-class factory work. 696 Bat-
tery st. ...
WANTED— Immediately an experienced wait-
ress. Hotel Mlramar x 703 Geary st.
FINISHER wanted; also one for machine. 916
Market st, room S2.
GIRL for second work; must be a neat sewer;
$15. 1674 Washington st. -
HOUSEWORK; partial care of baby. 721 De-
visadero st.
GIRL; cooking and housework; wages $25; 3
in family. 1316 Wallace ave.
WANTED— 2 first-class waitresses. "Mon-
trose," 1020 Van Ness ave.
WANTED— Neat, experienced girl in candy
store. Call at 845 Valencia st.
EXPERIENCED operators on fancy and neg-
ligee shirts; also a few bright girls about 16
years of age for instruction; paid while learn-
ing. Standard Shirt Factory, corner Gough
and Grove sts.
WANTED— Strong woman, living in Mission,
2 or 3 hours a day to care for rooming-house.
Call evening at candy store, 993 Valencia st.
WANTED— Three first-class tailoresses on cus-
tom made coats; good wages; steady work. A.
F. COHN & CO.. 956-958 Washington St.,
Oakland. Cal. »
WANTED— Strong, reliable nurse. German pre-
ferred, for 2V£-year-old child; must under-
stand serving; references required. Apply
between 9 and 1 at 2710 Broadway.
WANTED— Experienced operators on women's
waists and wrappers; steady work; electric
power; good pay. MARKS BROS.. 1212 Mkt.
GERMAN or Swedish girl; general housework:
2 in family; good wages. Call between 9 and
12 a. m. at 2399 Jones st, corner Chestnut.
GIRLS 14 to 18 years old; light, pleasant work.
Knitting mill of GANTNER & MATTERN.
1017 Hyde st.
WANTED— In Oakland, girl for light house-
work; wages $15. Apply 1159 Alice St.. even-
ings or forenoon.
EXPERIENCED operators on negligee shirts;
Eteady work; best prices. LOWENBERG &
CO.. 27 JESSIE ST.. 5th floor. ¦
AT 233 Third ave., Sutter or Geary st. cars-
American nursegirl, 18 to 30 years;" wages,
$15; references. Apply to-day before 3 o'clock.
VACANCY to be filled at once by a woman of
ability; rare opportunity for right party. Ad-
dress box 717, Call office.
GIRL wanted for housework; must sleep home.
286 Lexington ave., corner Twentieth st
YOUNG girl for hair store; must- have some
experience. MISS WEIBLEN, 1508 Polk st.
GIRL for light housework ; good home. 1217
York st, between 24th and 25th.
WANTED— Girl to assist with housework and
cooking in small family. 1212 Masonic ave.
GIRL for general housework; small family;
references. 1122 Ellis st.
WANTED — Girl to do some typewriting. Ad-
dress box 513, Call office.
COMPETENT girl for housework; small fam-
ily; $15 to $20; Alameda. Box 722, Call office.
GIRLS to put up perfumes; $3 per week; refer-
ences. Box 723, Call office.
WANTED— Girl to assist with housework and
children. 1266 Ellis st. « -
FIRST-CLASS finisher on coats. BARON, La-
dles' Tailor, 22-24 Grant ave.
OPERATORS wanted on flannel underwear.
HEYNEMANN & CO., 410 Mission St.
WANTED — Chambermaid at tne Manhattan
House, 825 Battery st.
LADIES wishing to marry call or write to
MRS. HERTZ, 706 Ellis et. ; no charges.
WANTED — An experienced ostrich feather
curler. Call at SOS Howard st. .
FIRST-CLASS waist, skirt and cloak hands
' and assistants. Apply 1200 Geary st.
WANTED— Women for light work on fruit
1731 Folsom st. f
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call r ranch office. 2200 Fillmore st
HELP WANTED — MALE.
AT C. R. HANSE?TX'c^.Tr"3oTGeary' < sT.
Railroad Work Railroad Work
Free Fare Free Fare
FOR TRUCKEE
FOR TRUCKEE ,.
100 laborers .....$175 to $2 a day
> FOR NEVADA
FOR NEVADA
100 teamsters $2 a day
100 laborers $2 a day
FOR CHATSWORTH PARK
60 drillers and tunnelmen $2 to $2 50
Free Fare Ship. Dally Free Fare
Strong, active man to drive delivery wagon,
city, $12 a week; driver for milk wagon, near
city; blacksmiths, farmers, milkers, chore-
men and others.
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Cook, country restaurant, $45; second cooks,
broilers and fryer3, $10 to $60; 10 waiters,
hotels and restaurants, city and country, $30
to $40; 20 dishwashers and kitchen hands, $30
and $25. '.
C. R. HANSEN & CO 104 Geary St.
HEAD cook, country hotel, $70; second cook,
country hotel, $40,; restaurant second cook,
$60; cook for laborers, 130; hotel and restau-
rant waiters, porters, dishwashers and others.'
J. F. CROSETT & CO., 628 Sacramento st.
DRIVER for laundry wagon, $25 and found;
machine hands for factory, $2 a day; sticker-
man and matcher, 30 cents hour; stableman
for country, 30 cents hour; blacksmith for
ranch, $30 and found; 2 linemen for donkey
engine saw; boys for stores and factories, $4
to .$6 week; man for ¦ vineyard and wine
cellar, $1 day; 2 farmers and wives, $40;
gardener and wife, $50; 4 milkers, $30 and $35
and found; rough carpenter • for mine; 30
teamsters, $2- to $2 25 day; 20 laborers for
country, $2 to $2 25 day, and many others.
J. F. CROSETT & CO.,- 62S Sacramento st.
ENGLISH, Scotch or American baker, country
shop. $50 and found. J. F. CROSETT & CO.,
628 Sacramento st. .
AT THE CAL. EMPLOYMENT AGENCY. ,
59 Third st. nr. Call bldg; phone Bush 405.
Railroad Teamsters and Laborers
.UKIAH UKIAH.
FREE FARE ..................
E0 railroad teamsters for Ukiah..... $2 to $2 23
50 laborers for Uklah...... $2 per day
10 quarrymen, country....... ........ $2 per day
6 lumber pliers, country..: $2 per day
6 quarrymen $1 50 per day and board
10 teamsters, city $2 per day
10 teamsters, clty......$l 25 per day and board
4 men to handle boxes $150 per day
6 men to work around buildings.. $1 75 per day
Camp cook, city — $35 per month
Stable boss, city.... $35 per month and board
A— HOTEL GAZETTE, 26 Montgomery, room 12
¦ —Steward, $60; head 1 waiter, $50; porter, re-
sort. $20; pantryman, $30; restaurant porter,
$20. ¦ : . . - - ¦ ¦ ...
A— 2 BELLBOYS, $10 and found. MRS. M. E.
DAY & CO., 335 Geary st. ,
Al WRAPPER wanted. S." N. WOOD & CO.;
718 Market st • ¦'-..'"¦
GOOD shoe repairer wanted; good Job for right
• man. S. C. GIBSON, Palo Alto.THE SAN FRAXCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, OCTOBER 4, 1901.
13
RAILWAY TRAVEL.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC;
TrmlBM Iwit* nail un <tw«> ««• nrrlf* «»
NAM nUMCMi**,
(Main Hue. Foot of Market Street.)
xiavb — Fbom Jclt 1J. 190L — A&am
1 t -
7:OOa Benida, Suiiuu, Elmira and S»cra-
nieuto , •:S3»
?:OOa Vacinille, Winttra, Runway ?:33r
7:30 a Martinez, dau Hamou, Va,. e jo, X»p»,
Ci!istrga»tidSaut* Rosa 0s23f
8:Oo a DmTls, Woodland. KnlgnU Landing.
M»rj»»ille. Orotille.. 7«-V»»
S:OOa Atlantic Kxpreu— Ogdeu and Eatl 13:23*
»:U»a Niles, lAthror, Stockton 7:2.if
SiOOa Klles, Mendcta. Hscford. Visalii,
Porterrille 4i33»
•iSOa. Ehaita Hxpreat— Daiit, Williams (fo* - .
ISart'.etS Springs). Willows, lie*
Blufl, Pos&axd. 7:S3»
•iB9a San Jots, Lirtrmore, .Stockton,
lone, Sacramento. PUeenilla, -
Muryitille. Clilco. Ue>! Kmif 4>23»
SiSOa Oakdale. Chinese (Yosemite}. So-
nara. Carters 4:2.1*
»:OOa Hayward, Niles sod War Stations.. 1 1 >."»¦!*
8:0<u Vallejo lUZSr
UiOO a Los Angeles Express — Martinez,
• Tracy, XaStirop. tttockton. Meroeu
Fresno and Los Anseles 7>23y
0i3I»a Vallejo. Martinez ami Wit; Buttons 7i33*
10:00 a The Orerland Limited— Ojdeo, Den-
ver, Omaha. Chicago 8:.i3»
tl:OOp Sacramento Ulrer Sttmmem fS:A»A
8>3»r Hajward. Nile ¦ and Way .Station*.. 7:33s 1
4itt«r Ueulcia, Winters, tjaoraiuento.
V.'oo.liaixJ, Knight* Landing,
Maryntllle. OroTill* 10:33*
4:O«p Martinez, Hau lUuiOu. Vallejo.
Nanu. (UlUtncn. ttaiiin llosa ffiS.ia,
¦ijOOr Nlles, LlTermoro, Stockton. Lodl... 12:SI3y
-S>3Uf Hajnrard. Nile*. Hau .lime. LiTtrroore tA'ASA
4>S0r Port Cog a, Tracy. Latbrop, Stockton 1«:33a
3:00rTlia Owl Limited— fiesup, Tulare.
lUkersnaU:. Maagua for Sauta Bar-
bara, Los Angeles Si33&
5«00r Martinez. Antioch, Stockton, Mer-
ced. Fresno 18:33»
Bion r Yosomite 12:M»
»ill>r Xew Orleans Exprew*— Mendota.
Fresno, Bakersii&d. I«s Angeles.
Dtmtng, £1 Paso, Mew Orleans
and East 7SA3A
8:«Or Hay ward, Niles aud Sau Joss 7:55a
t*:OOr Vallejo 1I:*O4
«>O»r Oriental Mall— Ogdea, Chejenns.
Omaha. Chicago 13:2a*
6:00p Oriental Mall— Ogden, Deotar,
84. LouJa. Chicago. 4t*3»
TiOOr Gffsgouaud California l*xt>r«M. M»a-
riuiienl.il. MarjsTille. Jts<M1n«.
rortlaiiil, 1'nget HommI anil Wast S:33*
¦i«3r San Pablo, Port Costa, Uutisea
and Way Stations 11:23*
! m t*:03p Vallejo 7t3i>y
COAST LINE (Narroir liaage).
_ (Foot ot Market 3 tract.)
' {7<43a Santa Cruz Excursion to Santa Cnxz
.. . aud Principal Way Stations t&>03*
8:1 Sa Newaik.CenterTllle.8aa Jose, ffetton.
ISoulder Creek.Santa Ctiu and Way
Htatluns 3«30»
fSiISp Newark, Cenlerrille. San .Toss. H»w
Almadeo, Felton. ttoulder Creek,
Santa Cruz and Vrlndpal Waf
Stations IOi-T»4
4il.1r Newark. H»u ,T<>«e, Lo».G»tos t&s»»a
e*slHr Qlenwood.Bonlder Creek. Santa Crax «S»3Oa
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
torn SiJ msCISGO— Fool of Sirket Street (Sli? 8>—
t7:lli 9:00 11:09*. M. 1:33 3:03 0:19'-*.
rrtmOlIUlO— rMttdruJwi;.— 1<:00 i3;00 t3:CJ
10:00 a.m. 12:00 3:C0 " i-C3r.il.
.COAST LiINE (Bread ««age).
(Third and Tovrnsend Sta.)
" «:I»a Saa Jose tnd Way Stations..... 6i3»a
t7:OOa Hau .7oseai.il Way Stations li»«»r
/7:«»a Netr AlmaiUu / 4:10*
J7s;iOa Sunday Excursion for San Jcse.
Aar.ta Cruz. Pacific Grore and
Principal Way Stations JS:18»
¦¦OOAHau Jose. Hollister. Maul* Cruz.
-Piteiilo I J r<»»e, Salinas, Ban Lull
Obispo, Santa Barbara and Prin-
cipal intermediate MUtiotis 7:3ft?
1O:3Oa Ban Jets aud Wsy (Stations. C:3or
11:UOa Sau Jose and Way .Stations SiSOf
t2:4&p San Mateo, ltedwooti, ilenlo Park,
; Palo Alto. Santa Clara. Sun Jusa.
Ho'.'ister, Santa Crux, Sallow.
Moutereyai.il 1'acittc OroTe .110:434
SiSOr San Jose, Tres Piaoa, Santa Cruz,
Pacific Qrore and Way Stations 4:lO»
f4:lSr San Jose and Principal Way Stations 9:43a
isiOOr San Jose. Los Gates and l'rincipal
Way Stations f»s«O»
3:S0r San Jose aud Principal Way .Station* 8:33a
0:OOp Bedwoid, San Jos*. Gi!my. Salinas,
Santa Barbara, Los Angeles 10:03a
¦:3Of San Jose aud Way Stations t»:«<>*
¦ Ili-t.-Sp San .Tose »».! Way Stations T=3O»
A for Morning. P for A f ternoon,
t Sunday excepted. t Sunday only.
« Saturday only. e Monday.
e Satarday and Sunday. / Tuesdays and Friday*.
CALIFORNIA NORTDWESTERN RL CO.
L.ESSEB
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tiburon Ferry. Foot of Morfcat 0C»
San Francisco to tan Rafae.. *
WEEK DAYS— 7:30. 9:00. U:W> a. sa.; 13:33.
3:30, 5:10,' 6:30 p. rn. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:30
and 11:30 p. m.
SUXD ATS— 8:00. 9:30. 11:00 a. m.; 1:30. 3:30.
5:00. 6:20 p. m.
San Rafael to San Francisco.
WEEK DAYS-«:10, 7:50, 9:20, 11:10 a. m.; 12:45.
3:40, 5:13 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:53
and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:10. 9:40. 11:10 a. m.; 1:40. 3:40.
5:05, 6:25 p. m.
Leave j In Effect I Arrive
San Francisco. | April 23. 1901. [ San Francisco.
Week I Sun- I I Sun- I Week
Days. I days. | Destination, f days. | Days.
7:30 am! 8 :C0 am Xovato. 10:40 am 3:10 am
3:30 pm] 9:30 am Petaluma, 6:05 pm 10:23 am
5:10 pm| 5:00 pm [ Santa Bosa. 7:35 pm 6:20 pm
Fulton.
7:30 am Windsor. 10:25 am
5:00 pm Healdsbur?, 10:10 am
Lytton.
GeyserviHe,
8:30 pm 8:00 am Cloverdale. 7:35 pm 6:20 pm
7:30 ami 5:00 pml Hopland 110:40 am 10:25 am
8:30 pm| 8:00 ami and Ukiah. | 7:35 pm 6:20 pm
7:30 am| 10:40 am 10:25 am
I 8:00 am Guernevllle. 7:35 pm
3:30 pm| 5:00 pm 6:20 pm
7:30 am 8:00 am Sonoma 9:15 am 8:40 am
and
5:10 pm 5:00 pm Glen Ellen. 6:05 pm 6:20 pm
7:30 ami 8:00 ami 110:40 am|10:25 am
3:30 pm| 5:00 pml Sevastopol. | 7:35 pm| 6:20 pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs and White Sulphur Springs; at Fulton
for Altrurla; at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at
Geyser ville for Skasrs Springs: at Cloverdals
for the Geysers: at Hopland for. Duncan
Springs. Highland Springs, Kelseyvllle, Carls-
bad Springs, Soda Bay, Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs; at Ukiah for Vichy Springs, Saratoga
Springs, Blue Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake. Witter
Springs. Upper Lake. Porno. Potter Valley.
John Day's, Riverside. Llerley's. Bucknell's.
Sanhedrin Heights, Hullville. Orr*s Hot
Springs. Mendocino City. Fort Bragg, West«
port, Usal. Willlts, LaytonvIIle. Cummins.
Bell's Springs, Harris, Olsen's, Dyer, Scotia
and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates.
On Sundays round-trip tickets to all point*
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket office. 650 Market street. Chronicle)
building:.
H. C. WHITTSTG, E. X. RYA5T.
Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agt.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sa usal) to F«rry.
Commencing September 23, 1301.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLEY
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 6:55. 8:30. «9:30, 11:00 a. m..
"1:43. 3:15. 4:15. 5:15. *6:15. 6:43 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and Saa
Rafael on Mondays, Wednesdays and Satur-
days at 9:30 and 11:40 p. m.
SUNDAYS— «S:00. •10:00. »ll:30 a. m.. 1:13.
3:15, »4:45 6:30. 9:30 p. m.
Trains marked (•) run to San Quentin. *
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS-*5:25, 6:27, 7:45. 8:33, 10:lS
a. in.. "12:23, 2:13. •*:&, 4:40. 6:30 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. "Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 6:45 and 9:53 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 6:13. *8:C0. *10:00. *11:45 a. rn..
•1:40, *3:t5, 4:45, »S:30 p. m.
Trains marked (•) start from San Quentin.
FROM MILL* VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 5:43. 6:45. 7:55. 8:55. 10:30
a. m.. 12:35. 2:45. 3:50; 5:10 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:33 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:05. 10:05 a. m.. 12:05, 2:13. 3:30,
5:00 6:43 p. m.
THROUGH TRAINS.
6:55 a. in. week days — Cazadero and way sta-
tions.
1:45 p. m. Saturdays— Duncan Mills and wajr
stations.
8:00 a. m. Sundays— Duncan Mills and way
stations.
Legal Holidays boats and trains will ran oa
Sunday time. . - ___
HOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
Leave Via Sausaltto Ferry . Arrive
San Fran. Foot of Market St. San Fran.
Week Sun- m. 4 .«- -h.1. .»,_„_. Sun- Week
_. . ice *. u f. at. train nopt <xnr j y-.
Days- d*y»- »t a. ~i* m .rL»*- da > s - P*^
Jmn % Sm Fr*nd«co Is Summit »ntl Return, $190. !
Ticket Offices, 621 MA&2LTT ST&XET an<Z SACSAUTO TXB&T.
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
629 KEAB5T SX. Established
in 1S3-4 for the treatment of Private
Diseases. Lost Manbood. Debility or
disease wearing: on body and mind and
Skin Diseases. The Doctor cures when
others fall. Try him. l-harges low.
«ur«-»cuaraiile<>tl. Call or writer
Dr. J. 3*. HIBBOK. wan .Francisco. CaL
THE WEEKLY CALL
$1 per Year.
IXSTRUMEVT5— Con.
J75 AXD upward— Fine uprights. PIERCE' S
Piano Factory. Market. 14th and Church sts.
A SPECIAL for this week— $400 piano for {275.
BRUENN. 208 Post st. . -
ELEGANT new upright pianos for rent, $3 per
mo. SCOTT-CURT AZ Piano Co.. 560 Hayes.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place, j
OFFICES AND STORES TO LET.
LARGE new corner store; fine locality for drug
store. Cor. Folsom and Thirteenth st. ; also
2 elegant 7-room flats above. ' :
TO Lease — 3 tunny lofts or separate. 55x60 feet;
electric elevator service and water free. Ap-
Plv COLLINS. 600 Mission Bt.
OIL.
OIL tanks, second-hand, ii good order; all
Pizpf : chenp. H. S. WHITF. filfi Mission st.
I'AI.VTKKS AND UKCORATOKS.
ROOMS papered from $3 up; whitening done.
Hartmann Paint Co.. 31S 3d; tel. Red 352L
ROOMS papered, decorated, whitened, painting.
J. C. Romaine. 610 G. G. ave.; ph. Polk 1423.
TALMISTRV.
H. JEROME FOSELLI, scientific palmist. 515
Taylor St.. bet. Geary and Post; tel. Black 561.
PARTNERS WASTED.
WANTED— Partner with S30C0 for one-half in-
terest in established contracting business for
the purpose of enlarging business; office man
preferred: do not answer unless you mean
business. Address box 523. Call office.
PARTNER wanted— German couple preferred
or woman; must know German and French
cooking; first-class family dining-room: ref-
erneces exchanged. Address box 505. Call.
X'KRSOXALS. :
INDIAN baskets. Indian relics, curios and an-
tiques bought. ,NAT RAPHAEL, US Geary
St.. largest curio store in America; visitors
welcome; Indian baskets from $1 upwards.
AX elegant line of remnants for suits to or-
der. $15; with these suits we make an extra
pair pants free of charge; other suits on in-
stallments. II weekly. L. LEMOS. 1117 Mar-
ket st., between Seventh and Eighth.
ONE BOTTLE of Pinus will cure any case of
rheumatism, sciatici, neuralgia or gout; price
$2 50 per bott'.e. For circulars, Pinus Med.
Co.. 734 Valencia St.. S. F.: tel. Church 1571.
ELECTRIC light in every room— Winchester
I Hotel. 44 Third St., near Market: 7C0 rooms;
25c to $1 50 per night; $1 50 to $5 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
HAIR, birth marks, moles removed forever ;
without pain or scar with electricity by
MISS GRUBER, the cosmetic artist. 359S
Eighteenth St.. cor. Guerrero. ,
DO you write ads? Send address to-day on
your business stationery for invaluable In-
formation free. Harper Syndicate, Columbus. |
Ohio.
A RESPECTABLE, sober man earning $100 per
month wishes to meet respectable young wo-
man; object matrimony. Box 517, Call office.
M<-C>BE's Detective' Agency handles all legit-
imate detective business. Emma Spreckels
bldg.. rooms 323-324. S. F. ; tel. South 381.
ONLY one price for all styles of hair dressing.
25c; good switches, |L G. LEDERER, 123
j Stockton st. |
WHITE enamel iron beds, single, three-quarter
. or double. 12 25. EASTERN OUTFITTING
CO.. 1310-1312 Stockton St.. near Broadway.
A— If your hair is falling or you are bald, call on
Dr.G.S.Moore, 332 O'Farrell; send for circular.
STOP that "cough"— California Lung Balsam j
will do it; all druggists; phone Pine 2386.
500 MEN wanted to order suits for Jl per week.
XEUHAUS & CO.. tailors, 115 Kearny St.
FACIAL massage; Hydro-Vacu treatment; elec- i
trolysis. Mrs. Dunlap's Parlors. 34 Kearny. et. ;
ASPHALTUM paint— Fix your own roofs: 6Cc
per rallon. Ill Van Xess ave. I
ANY case rheumatism cured under guarantee.
Call on doctor, r. 504 Parrott bldg.. or write. ;
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles destroyed with
electric needle. MISS EATOX. 1119 Sutter St.
OBESITT cured: no dieting; no weakening. THE
A'VIDA CO.. 736 Valencia st. bet. ISth and 19th.
DR. LAMOTTE'S French Corn Paint, the best
corn cure; 25c: all druggists.
ALFREDUMS Egyptian Henna; restores gray
hair to its natural color: $1; at all druggists.
TAILOR-MADE suits. $7 50; dress pants. $2 50.
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
OLD gold, silver, diamonds and precious stones
bought. J. R. JENKEL. S17 Market st.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN' & CO.. 733 Mkt.
PLANIXG AXB TURXIXG MILLS.
WOOD and Ivory Turning. Planing. Shaping-
and Sawinir. CARL F. HAAS. 95 Fremont st.
PHYSICIAXS AND SURGEONS.
DR. C." C. O'DOXNELI^Offlce and residence,
1C21H Market St.. between Sixth and Seventh.
DR. WONG HIM, herb doctor, successfully
treats all diseases of the human body; see
testimonials at office, 115-117 Mason, nr. Ellis.
A — DR. WONG WO. herb doctor; sanitarium,
764-766 Clay st. ; see testimonials at office.
DR. NG TOY KEE, 210 Stockton St., opp.
Union square; all diseases cured by herbs.
PROPERTY WAXTED.
CHEAP improved property wanted for cash
buyers. A. M. SPECK & CO.. 667 Market st.
RFAL. ESTATE CITY FOR SALS.
CHEAP business corner; SE Filbert and
Pierce sts.; a good corner to improve with
grocery and flats, and will pay big interest;
size 36x£2:6: street work all done; Filbert is
bituminized; a few steps only from Union st.
cars; $2350: easy terms; $l'K> first payment.
W. J. QUNN. 530 California st.
A PROPERTY, improved or vacant, cn Valen-
cia. Mission or Howard, with a fronta&e of
about 75 feet, wanted to purchase. W. J.
GUNN, 530 California st.
FLATS or a nice dwelling that is in good con-
dition and with modern improvements want-
ed to purchase for the income: Mission or
Western Addition. AV. J. GUXX. 130 Cali-
fornia. St.
RESIDENCE wanted to purchase In the West-
ern Addition west of Van Ness ave. W. J.
GUXX, 530 California st.
A NEW, elegant colonial house of 6 rooms,
bath, reception hall, basement, large yard;
this in an unequaled oppcrtunity to secure a
beautiful home at a moderate cost by ea^y
payments: must be seen to be appreciated ; on
Cole St., 2 blocks from Park; lot 25x125; no
agents. Box 823. Call office.
SEX. seven and eight room cottages; also two I
fiat houses in block between 17th, 18th. Caatro
and Xoe sts. ; 'i cash, balance monthly pay-
ments; Castro or Guerrero-st. cars. F. NEL- i
SON. builder.
JsO.COO TO invest In income-bearing property;
must be a bargain.
THE PHELPS LEWIS CO..
702 Market st. I
NEW bouse 7 rooms, facing Duboce Park; easy
terms; west frontage; sun all day; large yard;
basement; near cor. Waller and Steiner. '
GEO. H. MOORE. 63 Portola st. j
BARGAIN; $750, 9 lots near House of Correc-
tion; rented. Box 537, Call office.
WELL-BUILT modern 7-room residence, with
bath; 2 blocks from park. Inquire 660 Mission.
CHEAPEST and best Itt America— The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for >1.
REAL. ESTATE COUNTRY For Sale
KEEP your eye on Sani Jc«e; double track
building; fait overland route; property de-
pressed; good time to buy; if you wait till
others want it it will be higher; some splen-
did orchard and farm bargains: see our cata-
logue of San Martin ranch; good land cheap;
menthly payments $14 14 for 10 acres. WOOS-
TER. WHITTON & MONTGOMERY. 634
Market at., San Francisco, and San Jose.
FOR SALE NEAR SAX FRANCISCO—^
Small tracts. $60 to J90 per acre, on Rancho
Cotati, Sonoma Co.; future value assured, as
Ban Francisco Is growing rapidly; location
best for poultry and general farming. Apply
to The Cotati Co.. 302 California Bt.. for pam-
phlets and information.
TO be sold— 120 acres of the very best grape
land cn earth, and location where the grape
ripen* to perfection. For further particulars
address Principal, Lambert. Cal.
FOR bargains In timber land, fruit ranches,
suburban lots, farms, all through the State;
also large list of desirable city sites. See
The Phelpg Lewis Co.. 702 Market st. j
A — IF you want to buy, sell cr exchange city
or country property call on MARION GRIF-
FIN, 719 Mrket St., S. F., office near Call blr.
$2500— IMPROVED foothill farm, 204 acres; El
Dorado County, near R. R. Box 222. Call.
POULTRY and dairy ranches for sale; write for
free list. C. R. WINFIELD. Petaluma. Cal.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
( Til. 16 pages, eent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for II.
RUPTURE SANITARIUM.
HUNTER'S RUPTURE SANITARIUM. 1206
Market; treatment free; $100 paid for any truss
es good as our new double lever rupture holder.
V^ 3" yES A>D MIMMB.
Y^Ttoi^'a^to make money?
If vc-j do. buy gome stock in »-he Home&take
Gold Mining Co. at 30c per share, on insta.ll-
nier.t; limited number shares for sale; price
will lie advanced to IOQ per share November 1;
urefpoctuses n-.ailed on application
HOMESTAKE GOLD MIXIXG CO..
6fll Csliforr.ia st.. San Francisco, Cal.
MISCELLANEOUS— FOR SALE.
KOILEKS engines. 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
IXTOSH & WOLPMAX, 195-197 Fremont et.
. 13AF.S. tack bars, mirrors, restaurant and po-
ker tables, barren: chairs, linoleum, new and
Ff-ccrid-hand; we always have a large Mock of
taicon outfits on hand; 32 complete outfits on
cne floor, ready made; *ve can ship overything
::i C4 hours. J. XOOXAN, 1017, 1018. 102L 102J
Mission *t.. above Sixth; write for catalogue.
Grarhophcnes. Phonographs. Gramophones. $5 to
SILO; easy terms: children"s toy Graphophones,
J! f-0; 2d-hand Phonographs, Gramophones very
<!ieap. Columbia Phonograph Co.. 125 Geary.
A-BUTS, sells or rents sear, machinery, en-
Fines, boilers, water pipes, chatting, pulleys,
etc. WfilTELAW. 2c3-25S Spear St.
HAND tenoning machine and hand shaper suit-
able for carppTiter Bbop: also Xo. 2 Hooker
steam pumr>. S13 Howard ft
DOUBLE cylinder friction arum hoist and
boiler: nearly new; 5400. H. S. WHITE. 516
Mission Et.
F3R5T-CLASS second-hand modern engines and
boilers bc-jsht and sold. KROGH MFG. CO..
*-l" Stevenson Ft., r.ear First.
VIG prices paid for sealskins, full dress and
Tuxedo euits. Portland Loan Office. 15 Stock-
ton £t.
CASH register <Hall»ood>; brand new 155-
reduction. Apply II. F. ALLEX. 202 Califor-
ria st.
B0J RAMELERS, Eagles, light Stearns, Snell
end ethers; 2d-hand bicycles: cheap- send
lor list. LEAVITT & BILL. 309 Larkln St.
FINE suits. flO: dress pants. $2 75. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery st.
r A-J3 SO DERBY and Fedora hats $1 75 Pop-
ular Price Hatters. 330 Kearny Et.. near Pine.
GOOD firewood for sale oheap. Apply Risdon
Ircn W-rks. cor. Howard and Beale sts.
A NO. 1 frefh young Durham cow; calf 5 dave:
per.t>; rich milk. S3 Shotwell Et.
BEAUTIFUL Scotch collie dos for sale; owner
gMr.E East; ladles' dog. 724 Eddy st.
S-HORSr. electric motor in first-class condi-
tion: $.o. KORWIXSKI BROS.. 424 Sansome.
JEXVELRT fcr sale and made to order. tT
FEKsMTAXD. 126 Kearny ft., room 29.
BEGXKA music bcx. almost new. cost $65; will
take fJi. 23 Fifth st.
ONE friction hoist drum, brand new; cheap
K. S. WHITE. £16 Mission st.
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d-hand moving pic-
tures BCLLARD & BRECK. 131 Post St.
CAROLINE engines, all sizes, new & 2d-hanl
ar.J launches. J. E. DOAK. 511 Mission st.
fAFES — New ar. i second-hand. THE HER-
MAN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento Bt.
PHOTO bargain iUt No. 17 now ready for
trailing. 109 Montgomery st.
rfiAR outfits, showcases; all lengths and sizes.
JACOB SCHWERDT. SI Mission Et.
ENGINES and boilers; second-hand machinery
J. BURKE. 139 Beale rt.
FAIRBANKS' 10-ton hay scale; jeweler's steel
'iirpd ?afe. perfect crder. 216 California st.
BIISCELLAXEOL'S AVAXTS.
WAXTED — Second-hand upright piano for
cash. H. L. WHITEHEAD. 1706 Market el.
TILT ON wants pood tecond-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 154 9th ft. : tel. Folsoa 2522.
JIOXEV TO LOAX.
A^^NliA^TA^rT6^3?^OMPAXY!"'''"'
S*<0,'. O'-t at o per cent in eume to eult. City and
Oaklar.d, town and country propertv; second
rncrtgcgt-E. life insurance <& securities. Loans
cn unsettled estates, undivided interests In
real ettaie and legacies. We will purchase
cr.y ot above securities. Tel. lied 5024. MAN-
KATTAN LOAX CO.. 7th floor. Crocker bldg.
ANV AMOUNT AT 6 PER CEXT.
First, tecond and third mortgage?
» Undivided interest in real estate in probate..
- Mntgages and legacies bought; no delay
Gel my terms before doing business elsewhere.
R. McCOLGAX
£4. Montgomery st., room 3
ANY proposition, any amount; 6 per cent; first,
eeccr.d and third mortgrig-es, t-states tn pro-
bat?, interest in estates, legacies, undivided
interests, securities, manufacturing, mercaii-
tiif ar.d corporation loans. Room 16, first floor
Chronicle building. GEORGE E. OLSEX. "
HERMAN MURPHY. €03 Examiner building—
ir.OGo.CC'O at €% cr less in large sums; loans
cr. bi-: .r.a morurajjea. estates, etc. ; financial
prcbiems cf all sorts end lizes. If your prop-
erty is rr.crt^aged and you r.eed more money
fee HERMAN MURPHY. CC3 Examiner bldg.
ANY proposition: any amount: 6 per cent, on
ir.cngtges. estates, undivided interests: chat-
tel mcrt?agt«, etc. D. J. HALLORAN.
Adams building. 206 Kearny 6t., room 314.
RELIABLE corporation, established 1S63. proper
place to borrow money on diamonds, jewelry,
pianos and sealskins at lowest rate cf interest.
f> Grant ave.. near Market Et. ; tel. Black S47L
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds, jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. 846 Market
st. : tel. Main 1644. Branch IS Third St.
MUNICIPAL Lonn Office. 103 Grant ave.. near
Geary St.; shone r?ed 1603.
ON real estate, 1st or 2nd mortgages & on furni-
ture or cianos without removal; any amount;
lowest rates. Bicker & Co.. 2C Montgomery.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note wlth-
•^ out indorser or on mortgagee at 6 per cent per
acr.um. MORRELL. C03 Examiner building.
LOV.'EST rates on furniture, etc., by private
party; no removal; no commission; confiden-
tial. Room 3, Conservatory bid?., 301 Jones.
OX furniture, pianoe; no removal; money
quick; lowest interest; easy terms; no broker-
agg; reliable party. 1170 Market et.. room 68.
MONEY loaned salaried people without secur-
ity. Hill, r. 44. Merchants' Ex., 4Z1 California.
ON furniture, pianos; lowest rate; no removal;
ttrlctly private. LICK, 116 McAllister Bt.
ONE per cent on furniture; It a month on each
H000; any security. 302 Montgomery Bt.. r. 1.
XF you want a home I will Joan you money to
buy it. A. E. RUDELL. 522 Sansome st.
THE TOUSLE Y Company: loans and dis-
rounts. 321 Parrott building.
OX salaries or wages; no indorser required. 8.
F. DISCOUNT AGENCY. 143 Phelan bulldlne.
LOANS money on Balary; no indorser; Eastern
plan. \\>stem Loan Co.. 305 Phelan bldg.
ailSICAL IXSTRCMEXTS.
ALL pianos purchased cf SHERMAN*. CLAY~&
CO. may be cxchar.ced for a new Steinway
upright or baby erad piano any time within
T years Irdfr. date or purchase, and ha\-e full
price allowed. New upright pianos, {6 per
monih; sorrie good piano sold for X3, {4 and
«5 per month. SHERMAN. CLAY & CO..
Steinway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
rte.. San Francisco; corner Broadway and
Thirteenth et.. Oe-kland.
A BAUXEISTER piano gives you more for the
money than any other. They are first class
/in everything except price. You can use one
/ t years and then exchange for a Decker If
j-ou wish m-ithout losing a cent. We have
eome choice bargains >i second-hand and new
instruments. THE ZEXO MAUVAIS MUSIC
CO.. 7ES Market st
ATTENTION. BARGAIN~Hi;XTERS—
Second-hand uprisht pianos from $55 up.
Second-hand square pianos from $50 up.
Eecond-hand organs from $25 up; new up-
right pianos from 5175 up. BENJ. CURTAZ
& SON, 16 to 20 O'Farrell. Chickering. Ma-
eon & Hamlin. Vose. Sterling pianos.
AXr p;ano cold by us taken back any time
with iri 3 years and full purchase Drice al-
lowed on a new peerless Knabe at regular
Cprlcr>; costs you only 20c a day to buy a
piano from ufc. KOHLER & CHASE. 30
OTarrell et. ; established 1850.
ALL highest grades sold by Heine Piano Co.,
sole ater.ts fcr famou* and oldest American
makes, including Hallet-Davis; irreat bar-
caln list, $30 up; Eteinway. $1&5 up: Fischer.
51CD; Chi^kerins:, $165; 20 others; rents $2 up;
great Inducements to acentg. 217 Geary st.
A SMALL Weber upright. $125; elegant walnut
caee. Knabe upright, almost new; also Steck,
oak case; Hardman square, $45; organs, $z5
up. BOWERS & SOX. 23 Fifth St.. 1VEKS
& POND and A. B. CAMERON, Agents.
A FIRM'S failure to realize on account of
. strike has placed two carloads of high-grade
r.ar.o: in storage to be cold at Eastern fac-
tory prices; second-hand pianos for a song.
WILSON'S STORAGE. 1706 Market Bt. ;
PlANoS— The most modern and up to date;
Kt*ck. Everett. Conover. Packard. Ludwig.
Hardman and many others: wholesale and re-
tail. The Wiley B All*n Co.. S33 Market St.,
S. F.; (Branch Store, 9C1 Broadway, Oakland).
LARGE cabinet grand upright piano; great
sacrifice: party leaving. 408 Golden Gate av«>.
6OHMER. Byron Hauzy. Lester Hamilton,
KpSc-lmar.n pianos. SOS Post 6t.
1050 PIANO, nearly new. for $225; pianos with
harp attachment. HAMILTON. 8 Flood bldg.
GOOD eecor.d-hana upneht for sale cheap.
SCHMITZ. 16 McAllister st.
LEFT on sale— Ar.tisell large upright. J12S;
j Kteinwa y. tie:. 217 Geary et.. room 36.
f.n— Emerson and 7 bars* in uprights and baby
grand. Fay's Piano Factory. 172S Mission.
£LT!GANT piano as good as new; standard
make; a sacrifice. Horaung'n. 216 McAllister.
AT KEEFFE'S. 22 Turk st.. near Market—
•ecolcser, Schubert and Sieinway bargains.
SPLENDID ATLAS
FOR SUBSCRIBERS
All six-month subscribers
of The Daily Call are entitled
to a copy of The Call Atlas at
the premium rate of $1 50.
*— *
Appointed Visiting Physician. .
Dr. C. D. McGettigan, demonstrator of
anatomy of the medical department of
the University of California, has received
an appointment as visiting physician of
St. Mary's Hospital. The retirement of
Dr. Leonard and other changes in the
staff caused the vacancy.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
1 V Steamers leave Broadway
sj&i^^ Wharf, "San Francisco:
E*VTO!*5hi^ F or Alaskan ports— 11 a. m.,
! IW^S&Safc Oct - 3 - S - 13 - 1S> 23 - 2S - Nov - 2 -
i iwif^jISiP'Sa Change ta company's steamer3
Bfv!3£«3S?ilil For Victoria. Vancouver (B.
• r^^S§j5$3\ C). Port Townsend, Seattle,
'HwSK- Tacoma, Everett and New
Whatcom (Wash.) — 11 a. m..
Oct. 3, 8. 13, 18, 23, 28, Nov. 2.
"hange at Seattle for this com-
pany's steamers for Alaska and G. N. Ry.: at
Seattle or Tacoma for N. P. Ky.; at Vancouver
to c. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay)— 1:30 p. m., Oct.
4. 9. 14. 19, 24, 29, Nov. 3.
For San Diego, stopping only at Santa Bar-
bara, Pert Los Angeles and Redondo (Los An-
gfci es )_Steamer Santa Rosa, Sundays,* 9 a. m.
For Los Angeles, calling at San Simeon. Cay-
ucos Port Harford (San Luis Obispo). Gaviota, |
Santa Barbara. Ventura, Hueneme and Redcn- i
do— Steamer Corona, Thursdays, 11 a. m.
For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay, San Jose del
Cabo, Mazatlan, Altata. La Paz. Santa Rosalia
and Guaymas (Mex.)— 10 a. m., 7th each month. ;
For further information obtain company's j
folders.
The company reserves the right ¦ to- change
steamers, sailing days and hours of sailing
without previous notice.
.TICKET OFFICE— 4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel). ...
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO., Gen. Agents,
10 Market st., San Francisco.
O. R.&.N. CO.
Only Steaxasblp liine to
PORTLAND, Or.,
And Short Rail Line from Portland to a'l
points East. Through tickets to all
points, all rail or KtenmsMo and rail, at
3JCWBST
STEAMER TICKET3 INCLUDE BERTH and HEALS.
SS COLUMBIA Sails Oct. 5, 15. 25, Nov. 4
SS. GEO. W. ELDER
Sails Sept. 20. Oct. 10. 20, 30
P.W.HITCHCOCK.GEX.Agt.,! Montgm'y. 9. F.
AMERICAN LINE.
1TEW 70RK. SOUTHAMPTON. L0N30N. PARIS.
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound. :
From New York Wednesdays, at 10 a. m. .
St. Louis Oct 1(1 Philadelphia ...Nov. 13
Philadelphia ....Oct. 23 St. Paul Nov. 20
St. Paul Oct. 30 1 Philadelphia Dec. 4
RED STAR LINE.
New York and Antwerp.
From New York "Wednesdays, at 12 noon. !
?Vaderland Oct. 16 Friesland Nov. «
Kensington Oct. 23 Southwark Nov. 13
•Zeeland Oct. 30 'Vaderland Nov. 20
?Stop at Cherbourg eastbound.
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO..
CHAS. D. TAYLOR.
General Agent Pacific Coast. 30 Montgomery st.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF, COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, at 1 p. m.,
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hlogo), Nagasaki and Shanghai and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for
India, etc. No cargo received on board on
day of sailing.
SS. AMERICA MARU............. :......". ....
Wednesday, October 23, 1301
SS. HONGKONG MARU
Saturday. November. 16, 1201
SS. NIPPON MARU
Wednesday, December 11, 19C1
Round-ttrip ¦ tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's office,
421 Market street, corner First.
W. H. AVERY. General Agent.
fii Oill!&_,^ ZEALAND «»D SYDNEY.
«» Vliill4> °' tf>VV * DIRECT LINE TO TAHITI.
5. S. ALAMEDA, for Honolulu ..
Saturday, Oct 12, 2 p. m.
S S> AUSTRALIA, for Tahiti
Oct. 24. 10 a. m.
S S. SONOMA, for Honolulu, Samoa. Auck-
land and Sydney.. Thursday, Oct 21, 10 a. m.
J. D.SPSECKELS k BROS. CO., Genera. Agents. 327 Market St
Ban* I Passenger Office, 843 Market St, Pier lo. 7. PacISe Si
COMPAGNIB GENERALS TRANSATLANTIQTJE
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS,
Sailing every Thursday, instead of <RftfiiJS»
Ciaturday. at 10 a. m., from pier 42, —JVSZS2*
North River, foot of Morton street ; *L Aqui-
talne, September 19; La Bretagne, September
26; La Champagne. October 3; »La Savole, Oo-
First class to Havre. $70 and upward. Second
class to Havre, $45 and upward. GENERAXj
AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES and CAN-
ADA 32 Broadway (Hudson building), New
York' J. F. FUGAZI & CO., Pacific Coast
Agents 6 Montgomery avenue, San Francisco.
Tickets sold by all Railroad Ticket Agents.
i 'Twin Screw Express Steamers.
PANAMA R. R, s Sf
TO NEW YORK VIA PANAMA DIRECT,
Cabin, $105; Steerage, WO; Meals Free. .
S. S. Argyll . sails Monday, Oct. 14
S. S. Leelanaw sails Thursday, Oct. 24
S.S.Argyll sails Monday, Dec. 2
From Howard-street Wharf at 2 p. m.
Freight and Passenger Office, 330 Market at.
F. F. CONNOR. Pacific Coast Agent.
PACIFIC STEAM NAVIGATION CO,
And Clfl SUD AMERICANA DEVAPORES
To "Valparaiso, stopping at Mexican. Central
and South American ports. Sailing- from How-
ard 3. Pier 10. 12 m.
TUCAPEL Oct. 3ILIMARI Oct. 26
AREQUIPA Oct. 13IPERU Nov. 9
These steamers are built expressly for Cen-
tral and South American passenger service.
(No changes at Acapulco or Panama.) Freight
and passenger office, 316 California street.
BALFOUR, GUTHR1E & CO.. Gen. Agents.
eay and hives steamers.
F9rTT1a\Fya^^
Steamers GEN. FRISBIE or MONTICELLO
9:43 a. m.. 3:15 and 8:30 p. ra., except Sunday.
Sunday, 9:45 a. m., 8:30 p. ra. Leaves Vallejo
7 a. m., 12:30 noon. 6 p. m.. except Sunday.
Sunday. 7 a. m.. 4:15 p. m. Fara GO cents.
Telephone Main 150S. Landing and office, pier
t. Mlsslon-st. doclc HATCH BROS.- - .
RAILWAY TSAVEIi.
Santa Fe Trains
Leave Market-street Ferry Depot.
Local Llm'd Ovrl"d Local
Daily • Dally Daily
Lv. San Fran 7:20 a 9:00 a 8:00 p 4:20 p
Ar. Stockton. 10:18 a 11:45 a 11:10 p 7:1S p
" Merced... 12:22 p 1:17 p 1:13 a 9:11 p
" Fresno 2:05 p 2:33 p 3:05 a 10:50 p .
" Hanford.. 3:12 p 3:27 p 7:0S a
" Vlsalia.... 3:40 p 4:4S a ;.
" Bakrsfleld 6:15 p 5:20 p 7:30 a
" Kan. City 2:40 a 7:30 a
" Chicago 2:15 p 9:00 p .-.
a for morning, p for afternoon.
•9 a. m. train is the California Lim-
ited, leaving Monday and Thursday only,
carrying Palace Sleeping Cars and Dining
Cars through to Chicago. Chair Car runs
to Bakersfield for accommodation of local
first-class passengers. No second-class
tickets honored cn this train. Correspond-
ing train arrives at 5:55 p. m. Tuesday ani
Friday. '.. ".
4:20 p. m- is Stockton and Fresno local.
Corresponding train arrives at 12:30 p. m.
dally. ¦. ••¦ •- .
8:00 p. m. is the Overland Express with
through Palace and Tourist Sleepers and
Free Reclining Chair Cars to Chicago; also
Palace Sleeper, ¦ which : cuts out at ¦ Fresno.
Corresponding train arrives at 5:55 p.m."
daily. ¦¦.:•¦¦¦• ...... .......
7:20 a. m. Is Bakersfield • Local, stopping
at all points in San Joaquin Valley. Corre-
sponding train arrives at 8:40 a. m. daily.
Offices— 611 Market street and in Ferry-
Depot, San Francisco; 1112 Broadway, Oak-
land. ¦' , ¦ •'. -¦ •¦'¦ . . :
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
BARGAINS; Improved & unimproved property
acquired by foreclosure: *&, cash. Bank of Ala.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
$2000— NEW 6-room cottage; 1 block to train
and electric cars: all modern improvements:
porcelain bath; tiled sink; fine mantel and
sideboard; gas fixtures; walls tinted; sewer
and water connected; $200 caeh, balance like
rent. $20 per month, including interest. W.
C. MORAN & CO.
$2400— NEW 8-room house; lot 50x140; '•I block
to cars; 5 minutes to U. C. grounds; must be
sold at once, as owner must have more money
to finish house; $400 cash, balance less than
rent, $25 per month.
AV. C. MORAN & CO.. Lorin Station and
Schmidt Block, Berkeley. -
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
FOR sale— Corner lot. 100x135; 6-roomed house;
large barn; beautiful garden. Thirty-fourth
and Linden sts.. San Pablo ave. cars pass the
door. See owner on premises.
OAKLAND FURNISHED HOUSES.
9-ROOM furnished house near narrow' gauge
depot. Apply 1253 Harrison St., Oakland.
OAKLAND COTTAGES.
FOR Sale — Beautiful 6-room cottage; bath,
basement; take 16th-st. cars. 1464 Filbert 6t.
OAKLAND ROOMS WANTED, f
3 OR 4 nicely' furnished rooms, suitable for
light housekeeping; must be pleasant and cen-
tral. Box 2327, Call office. Oakland.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
AN introduction to you from H. Schellhaas. the
furniture dealer, 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
CLAY. 1009, near Powell — Fine housekeeping
rocms for married couple (no children) or two
ladies.
CHESTNUT, 293- (North Beach)— Furn. rooms,
housekeeping; cheap; fine view; sun; quiet.
EDDY, 743—2 front connecting rooms; ga«
stove; large closets; phone.
EIGHTH 34B, near Market— Sunny front al-
cove room and kitchen furnished for house-
keeping; bath.
FIFTH, 34$— A suite of rooms, furnished for
housekeeping; cheap.
FIFTH, 353— Furnished housekeeping; two, $12;
three, $14; three, ?20; also single, $4, $5 and up.
GOLDEN GATE ave.. 1404— Sunny, front room
and kitchen; reasonable.
GOUGH, 437— Light furnished rooms, sunny;
gas»bath. single or suites; light housekeeping.
MCALLISTER, 538—1 large sunny front room;
gas; range; bath; laundry: $12. k
MINNA, 28— Sunny furnished front housekeep-
ing rooms and others. 75c to $1 50 per week..
OAK, 119 — 2 parlors, furnished for heavy house-
keeplng. $16; 2 basement. $10; single. $7; yard.
OAK. 125— Two nicely furnished rooms for
housekeeping, $10.
POLK. 1002 — 3 and 5 room suites, completely
furnished for housekeeping: cheap: reference.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1098
Valencia st.
IIOO3IS TO LET— Forn. and Untnrn.
A— BRUNSWICK'' HOUSE. 148 Sixth-Rooms"
25c to $1 per night; $125 to $5 per week and
light housekeeping rooms: open all ngiht.
ARGYLE. 234 McAllisters-New, elegant, sunny;
grill attached; country visitors find no. place
like the Argyie: take McAlllster-st. cars.
AT Shasta House, 246 Third— 200 rooms; newly
renovated; 25c to 75c, $1 to $3 week.
A NICE sunny suite; also single rooms; neat,
clean and cheap; bath; tel. 332 Stockton Et.
BURNETT. 1426 Market (old No. 1364)— FUr-
nlshed rms., suites, single; also unfurnished.
CLIFFORD. 204 Ellis, corner Mason— Elegantly
furnished sunny room*; prices reasonable.
EDDY. 724^ — Fine furnished room suitable for
two gentlemen, without board.
ELLIS, 310— Newly furnished' room6; private
family.
EUGENE, 265 O'Farrell — New house, fireproof;
new furniture: electric elevator: 25 private
suits with bath; baths free; first-class.
FOR RENT— 7 rooms: furniture of ''same for
sale. 393 Haight st.
FOURTH, 22j — Nice front room; also single
rooms.
FULTON, 303 — 3 unfurnished sunny front
rooms ; bath.
GEAHT, 405. The Navarre — Elegantly furnished
suites and single; travelers accommodated.
GEARY, 658— Nicely furnished rooms for gen-
tlemen or ladles; housekeeping if desired.
GEARY. 1620 — Parlor suite to young couple,
¦with board: elegantly furnished; references
exchanged.
GOLDEN GATE ave., 126-Nice furnished
rooms; gas grate; also light housekeeping.
GOLDEN GATE ave., 618 — Sunny parlor, suit-
able for two, with or without board; also
other rooms.
GOLDEN GATE ave., 941— Small, sunny, fur-
nished room for lady.. Apply evenings.
HARRISON, 784%, near Fourth— Finely, fur-
nished rooms; bath; all conveniences; home-
like; $1 week up.
HOTEL ST> DENIS (European plan), 24 Turk
St.. near Market — Central location; new build-
ing; elegantly furnished; strictly first-claas;
60c per day and upward; special rates by the
week or month; best in the city; referenced;
take Market-st. cable cars to Turk st.
MARTINET, 11W Geary, one— door above Van
Ness — Suites new fur. ; single rooms, $10 up.
NEW ARLINGTON. 1015 Market st.
O'FARRELL. 20 — Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator; elec. lights; day, week, mO.
PAGE, 15, off Market (Ardell)— Large furnished
rooms. $1; double rooms, $125 week; sunny.
POST. 700 — 2 single sunny furnished rooms; tel-
ephone; $8-flO. »
ROYAL House, 126 V Ellis-Incandescent light;
readlng-r'oom, smoking-room and ladies' par-
lor; rooms, per night, 35c to $1 50; week. $2 to
IS; month. JS to $20; elevator on ground flSor;
rooms with hot and cold 'water; baths.
SHERMAN Apartment House. 28 Eighth-It,
near Market— Furnished or unfurnished.
SUTTER, 320% (The Stanford)— Suites from 13
to $7; singles- $2 to $5 per 'week; transient.
TWO furnished front rooms; gas, grate and
bath, with use of large kitchen If desired; In
private family; will rent separate. Address
H., box 712, Call office.
VALENCIA, 1122— Beautiful new sunny front
bay-window room, upper flat, suitable for 2;
reasonable; use of piano if desired.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at ¦ 1096
Valencia st. -
zzz /
HOTEL Lambourne— Strictly high class; most
elegantly furnished; reasonable in price;
suites and single rooms; board optional. 420
Eddy st., near Leavenworth.
THE Crocker, 915 Leavenworth— Fine sunny
rooms, single and en suite; beautiful grounds.
THE CECILERNE, 930 Van Ness ave.'
HOTEL Las Palmas. 1820 Market— Suite 2 or 3
rooms, bath : board optional ; single rooms.
GEARY, 838— Sunny room with first-class board,
suitable for two, $50.
McALLISTETt, 1400, corner Pierce— Choice sun-
¦ ny room with board for two.
CALIFORNIA, 807 (Stevenson mansion)— Select
family hotel; exceptional table; attractive rms.
O'FARRELL. 605 (Johnson House)— Exception-
ally fur. suites; beautiful grnds.; table board.
POLK. 1907— Pleasant sunny room; board; use
of piano;. $16; bath..
HOTEL Repelier, 781 Sutter— Newly furnished;
• excellent table: special rates to tourists.
ROOMS AV ANTED.
3 ROOMS furnished for housekeeping; young
couple; kitchen exclusive; permanent; young
American family preferred: not too far out;
rent about $20; refs. Box 769. Call office.
COUPLE, 'no children, want 2 unfurnished
rooms, vitlnity Palace Hotel; rent not.ex-
ceedlng t9 mo. Ad. r. 7, 2d floor. 217 Grant av.
BY single gentleman; must be furnished and
near Presidio. Address box 538, Call office.
ITTTrienUs i.nd acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Friday), at 10:13 o'clock a. m., from her
late residence, 422 Franklin street. Inter-
ment Home of Peace Cemetery by train leav-
ing Third and Townsend streets at 11:30 a. m.
EDWARDS— In Oakland, October 1, 1901, Ed-
ward Edwards, beloved father of C. H. and
E. E. Edwards, Mrs. A. Schad and G. L.
and F. S. Edwards, brother of Mrs. E. J. (
Tayntor, and grandfather of Lloyd, Emille
and Grace Edwards and George and Lloyd j
Schad, a native of New York City, aged 73
years. ¦
ET Remains at the parlors of Albert Brown,
46S Thirteenth street, Oakland. Notice of
funeral hereafter. '
FITZGERALD— In this city, October 2, 1901,
"Margaret Fitzgerald (nee Handerhan), be-
loved wife of William Fitzgerald, a native
of County Limerick, Ireland, aged 67 years.
E^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of the United Undertakers. 27 and 29 Fifth
street, thence to St. Patrick's Church, where
a requiem high mass will be celebrated for
the repose of her soul at 9 o'clock. Inter-
ment Holy Cress Cemetery. ¦
GREENBERG— In this city,, October 3, 1901.
Caroline, relict of Leopold Greenberg, and
beloved aunt of Julius Krambach, a native
of Saxony, Germany.
IH^Notice of funeral hereafter.
HADLER— In this city, October 2, 1901, Eliza-
beth, beloved wife of William T. Hadler,
mother of Llllie, Myrtle and Evelyn Hadler.
daughter of Mary and the late M. Gorman,
and sister of Henry and John Gorman, Mrs.
J. Donohue and the late Mrs. J. Clark, a
native of Staten, Mass., aged 36 years 7
months and G days.
IC"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Friday), at 9 o'clock, from ' her late resi-
dence, 126 Germania avenue, thence ;to Sacred
Heart Church, where a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
commencing at 9:30 o'clock. Interment Holy
• Cross Cemetery. .. -
HENDERSON— In this city, October 2, 1901.
Robert A. Henderson, a native of New
Brunswick, aged 71 years.
HARRIS— In this city, August 2, 1901, Collin
B., beloved husband of May Harris, and
father of Earl and Enid Harris, a native of
Wisconsin, aged 37 years 3 months and 15
days.
(n?"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resl-.
dence. 109 Collingwood street.
HOWARD-In this city, October 3, 1901, Nellie
A. Howard, aged 39 years.
HARTNETT— In this city, October 3, 1901,
Jeremiah Hartnett, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 49 years.
IVANOVITCH— In this city, October 2, 1901.
Nipolaus Ivanovitch, a native of Servia, aged
51 years.
JOHNSON— In this city, October 2. 1901, Peter
Johnson, beloved husband of the late Nico- !
lena Johnson, and father. of Mrs. Marian C.
Williams, aged 72 years.
ICyFriends are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral services to-day (Friday),
at 10.15 o'clock, at his late residence, 887
Broadway. Interment private, Cypres3 Lawn
Cemetery.
KELLY— In this city, October 2, 1901, Timothy,
beloved husband of the late Sarah Kelly, and
dearly beloved father of Mrs. F. G. Williams.
Mrs. H. A. Miers, Mrs. William Parquer and
William Kelly, a rfative of County Cork. ;
Ireland, aged 67 years.
IE?"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 9:30 o'clock, from his late
residence, 2910 Sacramento street, thence to
St. Dominic's Church, where a solmen re-
quiem high mass will be. celebrated for the
repose of his soul at 10 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
LORING— In this city, October 3. 1901. William
Henry, beloved husband of Esther A. Loring.
and father of Mrs. Grace L. Williams and •
Mrs. Walter F. Van Bereen, a native of
Dorchester, Mass., aged 66 years.
E^Funeral services to-morrow (Saturday),
at 10 o'clock, at the residence of his daugh-
ter, Mrs. Walter F. Van Bergen, 2718 Cali-
fornia street. Interment private, Cypress
Lawn Cemetery. •
McGILVERT— In this city, October 3. 1901.
Ellen McGilvery, beloved mother of Thomas,
Richard and Ellen McGilvery andtMrs. An-
nie Cordy of Sacramento, a native of Ire-
land, aged 69 years 4 months and 13 days.
in?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 2 o'clock, from the West Side
Christian Church, Bush street, between Scott
and Devisadero.
McGUIRE— In San Lorenzo, October 2, 1901,
John .McGuire, -beloved uncle of Mrs. P.
Sugren, a native of County Fermanagh, Ire-
land, aged 74 years. . .
- E7" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 9 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence in San Lorenzo, thence to" All Saints*
Church, Haywards, for services. Interment
Catholic Cemetery, Haywards.
MULHOLLAND— At St. Helena. October 2,
1901, William W., beloved husband of Sarah
Mulholland, father of James, Edward,
George, May. and Mabel Mulholland, and
brother of Mrs. P. Rodden and George Mul-
holland, a native of San Francisco, aged 45
years 3 months and 23 days.
~ in?"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 9 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, - 1609 Fifth street, West Berkeley,
thence to St.- Joseph's ' Church, where a
i solemn requiem mass will be celebrated for
i the reDose of his soul, commencing at 9:30
o'clock. Interment St. Mary's Cemetery,
Oakland. '
MARGGRAF— At the Altenheim, October 3,
! 1901, • Maria Ida, beloved wife of Peter Marg-
graf, a native of Germany.
C?"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
to-morrow (Saturday), at 11:30 o'clock, at the
chapel of the Odd Fellows' Crematory, I. O.
O. F. Cemetery. .
NIGUET— In this city, October 3, 1901, Dora,
beloved wife of Charles Niguet, and mother
of Bertha Niguet, a native of Hamburg,
Germany, aged 49 years and 2 months.
(CyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 10 o'clock, from the parlors
of H. F. Suhr & Co.. 1137 Mission street, be-
tween Seventh and Eighth. Interment I. O.
O. F. Cemetery. Please omit flowers.
PARKER— In this city. October 2. 1901. Jo-
sephine A., beloved -wife of Edward A.
Parker, a native of San Francisco, ae-ed ?4
years. (St. Paul, Minn., and Everett, Wash.,
papers please copy.)
(CT" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Friday), at 1:30 o'clock, from St. Mary's
Cathedral, Van Ness avenue, where services
will be held. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery by carriases. Remains at the parlors
of the California Undertaking Company, 405
Powell street, near Post.
PROSCHOLD— In this city. October 2, 1901,
Mary, beloved '"wife of Charles ¦ Proschold,
and mother of Mrs. J. Muhlbach and G. W..
Edwin M. and Dr. H. Proschold, a native of
Wurtemberg, Germany, aged 71 years 4
| months and 22 days. .
ICTIn-iends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 1S47 Union street. Cremation Odd Fel-
lows' Crematory. Please omit flowers.
SULLIVAN— In Napa City. October 2. 1901,
Mrs. Jane Sullivan, mother of Charles A.
Jackson and Matthew O., David and J. W.
Sullivan and Mrs. Charles Riddle and Mrs.
N. O. Smith of Lakeport, a native of Scot-
land, aged 71 years and 9 months.
CyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend . the funeral to-day
(Frld&y), at 2:30 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors of Carew & English. 29 Van Ness
avenue. Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
VIEHL— In this city. October 2. 1901, George
Viehl. a native of Germany, aged 62 years.
OFFICERS and members of Valley Lodge No.
30, A. O. U. W., are respectfully invited to
attend the funeral of our late brother, George
Viehl, from the parlors of McGinn Bros., 31
Eddy street, to-morrow (Saturday), at 10
o'clock. By order of
F. W. HARRIS. M. W.
THOS H. LORD, Recorder.
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.
(Successor to Flannagan & Gallagher.)
DANIEL P. DONOVAN, Mgr.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
20 Fifth st., opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South SO.
Mt. Olivet Cemetery,
Ban Mateo County. --^
OFFICE 816 MARKET 'STREET.
J. HENDERSON. Manager.
NEW FIRM OF UNDERTAKERS.
Samuel McFaddfli, 18 years manager for
the united Undertakers' Association; M. J.
McBrearty. with the same company for 10
years; P. F. Greon, late with J. C. O'Connor
& Co., have opened new Funeral Parlors at
1171 Mission street. - between Seventh and
Eighth. Telephone South 44.
CFIEMAT1ON~~
The Odd Fellows' Cemetery Association
¦ Point Lobos ave.. S. F., 1 Cal.
The ordinance prohibiting burials in San
Francisco after the first day or August, 1901
does not refer to CREMATION. ' Neither does
it affect the COLUMBARIUM, because there is
nothing less harmful to the living than the
ashes of their dead. .
Permits to cremate will be issued by the
Board of Health the same as heretofore.
GEORGE R. FLETCHER. . Manager.
vecchio, and mother of James Delvecchio, a
native -of Italy, aged -75 years.
EINSTEIN— In this city, October 2, 1S01, Ellen,
beloved wife of Dan Einstein, a native of
Illinois, aged 41 years 8 months and. 2 days.
STOCKTON, Oct. 3.— Three thousand
black bass' are to be planted in the waters
of San Joaquin County by the San Joaquin
Fish Club. Permission has been secured
from the California Fish Commission to
take the -2-year-old fish from Salt Spring
Valley reservoir and cans for the trans-
portation have been loaned by the com-
mission. The 2-year-old fish are between
ten inches and a foot in length. They will
be' placed in the water of Disappointment,
French Camp, Walker, Twenty-one Mile
and Twelve Mile sloughs, and Tracy Lake.
Black Bass in San Joaquin.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
BAD tenants ejected for $4: collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 4)5 Montgomery St., rooms 9-10; tel. 55S0.
DISEASES and ailments of men 'treated; con-
sultation free. American Dispensary. G14 Pine.
SEWING MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
ALL. kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged; re-
pairing; lowest rates. Tel. Black 1124. 205 4th.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged; re-
pairlng; lowest rates: phone Mint 45. 145 6th.
STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co.,
office Post and Powell sts.; teL Main 5713.
GOLDEN WEST Storage Warehouse. 840 Mis-
sion St.; tel. Howard 941. F. W. ZEHFUSS.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
. pany, 2320 Fillmore st. ; phone Jackson 231. |
BEKINS Van & Storage Co., 722 Mission, st. ;
tel. Main 1S40: shipping at cut rates.
TYPEWRITERS AND SUPPLIES.
GREAT BARGAINS IN TYPEWRITERS^We
sell better machines for less money than any
house in the city; rentals, $3. The Typewriter
Exchange, 536 California; telephone Main 266.
WEBSTER Typewriter Inspection Co.— Expert
typewriter doctors; estimate free. 209 Sansome.
TYPEWRITERS. 2d-hand, all makes, at low
figures. L. & M. ALEXANDER. 110 Montg'y.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND notice— The Giant Powder Com-
pany, Con.— A dividend, No. 34, of seventy-
five cents (75c) per share on the issued capi-
, tal stock of the company has been declared
payable at the office of the company, 433
California St., San Francisco, on October 10,
1301. Transfer books close October 3, 1901, at
noon. A. SPARKS, Secretary.
LEGAL ADVERTISEMENTS.
5wS~is~To~«rWy~ttiaTT~J^^
not be responsible for any debts incurred
under the firm name of LUTZ & ERIKSEN.
corner Fell and Franklin sts., as I am not
a member of the aforesaid firm.
JOHN LUTZ.
PROPOSALS.
PROPOSALS— State prison supplies and power
—Sealed proposals will be received at the of-
fice of the clerk at the State prison, San
Quentin. until 10:30 a. m., Saturday, the
fifth day of October, 1301, at which time and
place they will be opened in the presence
of bidders, for furnishing fuel coal, fuel oil,
and electric power, or other power to run
the jute mill at San Quentin, from the 1st
day of January, 1902, to the 30th day of
June. 1902. Inclusive. Each bidder- must ac-
company his bid with a certified check in the
Eum of one thousand dollars upon some well-
known and responsible banking-house, pay-
able to R. M. Fitzgerald, president of the
board, conditioned that the bidder will enter
into a contract upon notice of acceptance, as
required by law. All payments made on con-
tracts will be paid In cash or Controllers
warrants. Bidders will carefully follow the
conditions of the schedules, and all bids must
be made upon the schedules, which will be
furnished upon application to the Clerk of
the Board, at San Quentin. CaL The Board
reserves the right to reject any and all bids,
as the public interest may require, and to
order any quantity under or over the amount
specified in the schedule.
R. M. FITZGERALD, President.
J. M. OLIVER. Clerk.
MABELAGE LICENSES.
The followlns marriage licenses were Issued
yesterday:
Henry W. Lauterwasser, 28, 925 Capp street,
and Ella McKeon, 20, 254 Lexington avenue.
Andreas Dreimann, 64, 3718 Baker street, and
Marie Heidborn, 4S, S38H Harrison street:
John Gubbins, 30, 126 Ellis street, and Madge
M. Lessley, 26, 407 Grove street.
Francis J. Bray, 21, 3601 Army street, and
Agnes R. Eagan, 20, 1 Camp street.
Michael Barry, 37, Dobbins, and Nellie T.
Clark. 25. 606 Stockton street.
John J. Affolter, 30, 112 Eleventh street, and
Emma Henzi, 18, 60S Harrison street.
Gustavus Hirschhorn, 31, ? London, England,
and Anna Simon, 27, 1640. Pine street.
Harris I. Rosenthal, 34. 762 McAllister street,
and Rcse Brown, 28, 610 Octavia street.
Dominlco Berra, 43, 43a Union street, and
Assunto Queirolo, 43, 433 Union street.
Daniel M. McAuliffe, 31, 107 Perry street, and
Rose A. Gaul, 24. 11 Cleveland street.
Elmo H. Dempsey, 21. 2403 (Say street, and
May E. Brown. 18. 119 Ninth street.
BIRTHS— MARRI&GES— DEATHS. •
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the 'same published.
BORN.
HACKFELD— In this city. October 1, 1901, to
the wife of Hermann Hackfeld, a. son.
INSELMANN— In this city. September 28, 1901,
to the wife of A. Inselmann. a son.
JELINSKY— In this city, to the wife of M.
Jelinsky, a son. . ' •
MARTINEZ— In this city, September 19,' 1901.
to the wife of Senor Alberto Martinez, a son.
KIRKPATRICK— KRAUSS— In this city. Sep-
tember 28, 1901. by the Rev. Hermann
Gehrcke, James D. Kirkpatrick and Theresa
A. Krauss, both of San Francisco.
NELSON— CUSHINGHAM— In this city,' Octo-
ber 2, 1901, by the Rev. F. A. Doane, Bert
Nelson and Sarah E. Cushinsrham, both o*
San Francisco.
RAPHAEL— BRENNON— In this city, October
2, 1901, by the Rev. Herbert F. Briggs, Alex-
ander V. Raphael and H. Valerie Brennon,
both of San Francisco.
SCHMIDT— HOLZHEISER— In this city, Sep-
tember 5, 1901, by the Rev. Robert Macken-
zie. Edwin Valentine Schmidt and Charlotte
C. Holzheiser.
VIND— DIETRICH— In this city, October 3.
1901, by the Rev. George. W. Beatty, Andrew
S. Vind and Marie Thcrese Dietrich, both of
San Francisco. ¦ • . ,
DIED.
Ayers, Emma Harris, Collln B.
Abrams, Bertha Howard, Nellie A.
Balleto, Nicolas Hartnett. Jeremiah
Brennan, Julia lvanovitch. Nipolaus
Burkhardt; Walter Johnson. Peter
Boylan, Patrick M. Kelly, Timothy
Bowlen, Margaret Lorlng, William H.
Burke, Dr. Richard McGilvery, Ellen
Daw, John A. McGuire, John
Delvecchio, Eman- Mulholland. Wm. W.
uela • Marggraf. Maria I.
Einstein, Ellen Niffuet, Dora
Edwards, Edward Parker, Josephine A.
Fitzgerald, Margaret Proschold, Mary
Greenberg, Caroline Sullivan, Mrs. Jane
Hadler. Elizabeth Viehl, George
Henderson, Robt. A.
AYERS— In this city, October 3, 1901, Emma
Ayers. beloved mother of Wilson and Anna
Ayers and Mrs. William Wagstaff, a native
of New York, aged 68 years.
ABRAMS— In this city, October. 3, 1901, Bertha,
beloved wife of Marcus Abrams. and mother-
of Mrs. Amelia Levy, Mrs. Minnie Hertz and
Sam Abrams, a native of Exin, Germany,
ased 77 years. . ¦
BALLETO— In Hacienda. October 2, 1901,
Nicolas, dearly beloved husband of. Felicitas
Balleto, and father of Trini Balleto and Mrs.
J. E. Fickett. a native of Gibraltar, Spain,
aged 60 years.
BRENNAN— In Oakland, October 2. 1901, Julia,
beloved wife of George E. Brennan, daugh-
ter of the late Michael and Ellen Hayne, and
sister of Mrs. Bessie Willis, Mrs. Agnea
Glennon and Frank and Thomas Hayne and
the late Mrs. Duarti of Monterey, a native
of Grass Valley.- (Grass Valley papers please
copy.)
ESTrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend tho funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 7 a. m., from the residence of
her sister, Mrs. J. Willis, 434 Sixtieth street,
near Telesrranh avenue, Oakland, thence to
St. Paul's Church, .corner of Twenty-ninth
and Church streets, San Francisco, where a
requiem high mass will be celebrated for the
repose of her soul, commencing- at 9:30 a: m.
Interment . Holy Cross Cemetery. . .
BURKHARDT— Irr this city, October 3, ! 1901,
Walter A., dearly beloved son of George and
the late Anna Bukhardt, and beloved brother
of Mrs. A. D. Cameron, Mrs. A. C. Ledeme
and Georee, Albert. Robert, Edward. Frank
and Nettie Burkhardt, a native of San Fran-
cisco, ¦ aged 22 years 8 months and 11 days.
BOYLAN— In Sacramento, Cal., October 3,
1901, Patrick M\, beloved husband of Rosa
Boylan, and father of Nellie. Frank and Ma-
mie Boylan.' a native of County Cavan, Ire-
land, aged 72 years. |
(ETFuneral to-morrow (Saturday) afternoon
at Sacramento.
BOWLEN— In Oakland, October 3. 1901, Mar-
garet, dearly beloved wife of Thomas H.
Bowlen, beloved mother of Eva and Fred
Bowlen. siRter of Mrs. . F. W. Lehar and
Mrs. M. Gallagher of Nevada, and sister-in-
law of Mrs. James Mahon of Colfax. a native
of Ireland, aged 52 years 11 months and 18
days. (New Jersey papers please copy.)
IC^FTiends and acquaintances- are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 9 o'clock, from her lato resi-
dence, 1773 Eighth street, thence to St.' Pat-
rick's Church, Tenth street, near Peralta,
where a solemn requiem mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of her soul, commencing
at 9:30 o'clock. . . » ,
BURKE— In Los Angeles, Dr. Richard Henry
Burke, aged 42 years and 4 months. . . ¦
C7"Funeral from St. Joseph's Church, San
Jose, to-morrow (Saturday), at 10:30 a. m. .
DAW— In this city, October 3, 1301, John A
beloved husband of Mary C. Daw* and son
of Edward and the late Catherine C. Daw,
a native of San Francisco, aged 32 years.
tE7"Friends juid acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 10:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of J. C. O'Connor & Co., 767 . Mission .street.
Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery by. 11:30
o'clock train from Third and Townsend
streets. - , »
DELVECCHIO— In Alameda, October 3, 1901,
Emanuela, beloved wife of Giacomo Del-PRETTY YOUNG SOCIETY BELLE
WEDS POPULAR CAVALRY OFFICER
Miss Francis Bruce and Lieutenant Joseph L McMuHen of Troop H
United in Marriage at St* Paul's Episcopal Church*
CHARMING YOUNG WOMAN WHO
YESTERDAY BECAME BRIDE OP
A CAVALRY OFFICER.
SEATTLE, Wash., Oct. 3.— The steam
ghip Cottage City arrived from Lynn
C&aal at 11 o'clock this morning with over
290 passengers. On the trip downward
Purser Bree was custodian of over $500,000
worth, of gold dust belonging: to passen
gers on board. Of the passengers 150 were
people who had come out from the inte
rior.
JTnrtf a Million From Alaska.
VANCOU VKK, B. C, Oct. 3.— Five
thousand Vancouver citizens gathered at
the depot this morning to speed the de
parting royal guests. There were no
lormalities and a number of citizens
greeted the Duke and Duchess of Corn
wall and York In true democratic fashion,
without being presented. Their royal
Highnesses chatted affably with all who
approached them.
The only matter of programme was the
reply of the Duke to an address pre
fcented to them three days ago by the
Port Simpson Indians. Upon his return
lrom Victoria this morning the Indians,
dressed in skins, with painted faces, a^
f-embied on the wharf and greeted the
Duke with profound veneration when he
landed from the steamer Empress of In
dia- Then the head chief doffed his mag
nificent headdress and presented it to
the Duchess. Her royal Highness turned
it over and over and thanked the Indians
again and again as she admired it.
The present was the "kiti-uia-shamor-
ETat," or "hat of the chiefs," an article
always recorded by them with the great
est veneration and of priceless value,
owing to its antiquity and associations.
The headdress takes the same place In
the minds of the Indians and Is as highly
venerated as the royal crown is by the
people of the British nation. It is in
fact called the crown of the Tsimpsian
tribes. It is made of hairs and bristles
pulled from the beards of seallons, and
the Indians claim that It has been In the
possession of their tribe for "hundreds
of generations." It wiU probably go to
the British Museum.
As the train pulled out thn Duke and
Duchess from the rear platform waved
their hands and bowed to the crowds.
Headdress Presented by
Indians to Duchess
of York.
RED MEN GREET
ROYAL VISITORS
Roanoke Rye, Honey and • Horehound.
Get It. You'll not regret It. ' •
The second of the ten lectures by. Pro
fessor Hugo K. Schilling on "The German
Folksong in Its Historical Development,"
under the auspices of the University of
California, was given last evening at the
Young Men's Christian Association. The
lecture treated principally of the ballad
and epic poetry. from the earliest period,
battle songs of early and modern . times,
etc., and was well received by the audi
ence. , . .
Professor Schilling' Lectures.
REQTJIEM JtASS FOB
PAth FTR. TVTVpT.'R GENTE
Celebrated at French.^Church. Where
He Had Once Been . ,
Pastor.. . . . '
A solemn requiem mass, , Father ¦ A.
Hamet, S. M., officiating, was celebrated
yesterday at the Notre Dame des Victoires
Church out of respect to Father Emile
Gente, the news of whose, death in. Paris
has lately reached this city. -/ •¦•.:¦ '.
Father Gente will be remembered as an
able prelate and a man whose eloquence
appealed to all his hearers. Five years
ago he was the pastor of Notre Dame des
Victoires, being noted for his benevolence
and active church work. When, he left
this city he went to Mexico and- then to
France, his mother country. Before com
ing to America -Father Gente was a pro
fessor of rhetoric in a French' academy. -
Democratic Convention.
The Democratic local convention will
meet to-night at Odd Fellows' Hall,
adopt a platform and nominate candi
dates. The work assigned to the con
vention cannot be postponed much longer
as the ticket must be filed in the Regis
trar's office before 12 o'clock to-morrow
night. ¦> -./;
Reception, to Mrs. "Weed.
There will be a reception given to Mrs.
E. G. Weed, wife of the Right Rev. Bish
op "Weed of Florida, president general of
the Society of the Ignited Daughters of
the Confederacy, at 2111 California street
at 3 p. m. Monday, October 7. All visit
ing members of the society are cordially
invited.
Heirs "Wanted in Kansas City.
Captain Seymour received a letter from
Kansas City, Mo., yesterday asking- him
to find, if possible, J. Hurbart "Wisner
and his starter, Bertha, who is married as
they are heirs to an estate there valued
at $100,000. They are believed to be In this
city or State.
¦ Whereas,' We believe " that the most potent
remedy for such I evils is the expression and
vigorous enforcement of a clean and healthy
public opinion which will condemn and will
not tolerate the kind of Journalism that de
bases Instead of elevates; now, therefore,
Resolved, That the board, of trustees of the
Toung Men's Christian' Association of San
Francisco in a . Joint meeting held - this day,
October 3, 1901, do hereby express our' con
demnation and abhorrence ' of • such " vulgar,
scandalous, wanton and wicked Journalism, and
that we bar their admission to the reading
room and library of our association; and we
hereby pledge ourselves and the body which
we represent to use every effort in persuading
our people to discontinue and withdraw their
support from the offending portion of the press,
and to^use every honorable effort to stamp out
and destroy that kind of Journalism In our
country. , - .: ¦ » : • . ¦¦ :
Whereas The death of our late -beloved Pres
ident; William MoKlnley, at the hands of a
brutal and cowardly assassin, a representative
of a class of persons who are the avowed ene
mies of organized society and of all govern
ment has not only shocked and plunged into
the deepest sorrow the nation and the whole
Christian world, but has also brought home
to us a realizing sense of the great dangers
which threaten our most cherished institu
tions from vulgar and Incendiary teachings and
the dissemination of disrespect and contempt
for the constituted authorities of our Govern
ment; and
Whereas. The spirit of lawlessness which
leads up to such a direful calamity as the
murder of the President of the United States
can have no Justification, even the most re
mote, in a free, democratic and Christian na
tion; and .. ¦.
Whereas, It Is our belief and conviction that
the responsibility for the conditions that make
such crimes possible is largely due to the vul
gar, scandalous, wanton and wicked sensa
tionalism of a portion of the press, which,
instead of trying to educate and elevate the
people to higher Ideals in the great . princi
ples of morality, economics and* government,
constantly panders for selfish gain to the low
and brutal passions of the mob, and strives to
sow the seeds of discontent' and discord, and
to breed enmities among our people, needlessly
arraying one portion of our people against
another; and
At a joint meeting of the trustees and
directors of the Young Men's Christian
Association yesterday afternoon the fol
lowing resolutions were passed:
— Recapitulation — Previously reported, $10,880 15;
Italian-Swiss Colony, $431 10; Mayor's office
$1340; collected by A. P. Glannini, $886 50. To
tal to date. $13,537 75.
Contributions to the McKlnley monu
ment fund are Increasing daily. The fol
lowing statement showing the present con
dition of the fund was Issued from the
Mayor's office yesterday:
Previously reported, $10,880 15; First National
Bank, $250; Tubbs Cordage Company $100; H.
C. Wilson & Co., $100; John Rosenfeld's Com
pany, $100; California Powder "Works, $100;
Stockton Milling Company, $50; Bartlett Doe,
$50; H. Liebes & Co., $50; N. Van Bergen &
Co., $50; George H. Thomas Post No. 2, $50;
Morgan Oyster Company, $25; Mutual Label
& Lithograph Company, $25; Solomon Wangen
helm Company, $25; Reid & Brothers, $25; Cali
fornia Barrel Company, $25; C. S. Laumeister,
$25; James Palache, $20; A. T. Corbus, $20; R.
G. Sneath. $20; E. S. Pillsbury. $20; Otis Mc-
AlliBter Company, $20; S. E. Slade, $20; Union
Pulp & Paper Company, $20; La Grande Laun
dry, ?10; "Williams Brothers, $10; "W. S. Ray
Manufacturing Company, $10; Southern Pacific
Milling Company, $10; Union Lithograph Com
pany, $10; Wonder Millinery Company, $10;
Golden Gate Lodge 634. Knights of Pythias, $10;.
G. Palache, $10; H. L<e Baron Smith, $10; Louis
Roesch, $5; Eugene Korn, $5; Hon. G.- "W". Ca
banies, $5; George E. Starr, $5; The Toggery,
$5; Jesse B. Marks, $5; Pringle & Prlngle, $5;
P. F. Wright, $5; A. Pallies, $5; Nathan H.
Frank, $5; Herman C. Eggers, $5; J. Silver
man. $5; total, $1340.
Collected by A. P. Gianntni— Porter Bros.
Company, $50; Ames & Harris, $50; Castle
Bros., $50; Haas Bros., $50; M. J. Brandenstein
& Co. $50; Wolf & Sons, $50; Guggenheime &
Co., $25: Wheaton, Fond & Harrold, $25; Neville
& Co., $25; Rosenberg Bros. & Co., $25; S. Kosh
land & Co., $25; Sussman, Wormser & Co., $25;
H. Levi & Co., $25; D. E. Allison & Co.. $25;
Schulz - Martinelll - Luhman Company, $10;
Dairymen's Union of California, $10; O'Calla
ghan-Nelson Company, $10; M. Z>. Vanvales &
Co., $10; J. Ivancovich & Co., $10; A. Levy &
Co., $10; Trobock & Bergen, $10; Wetmore
Bros., $10; Jonas Erlanger-Davis Company, $10;
J. F. English & Co., $10; F. H. Hammer & Co.,
$10; Charles H. Stanyan, $10; Garcia & Mag
gini, $5; Tuchler & Ranzulo, $5; W. C. Barnard
& Co., $5; Russ, Early & Harville, $5; L..- R.
Larzelere & Co., $5; Blum, Morris &»Co.,'$5;
John H. Hansen & Co., $5; Webster & Dunbar,
$5; California Desiccated Food Company, $5;
Henry Cahen, $5; Lercari, Pera & Co., $5;
Eveleth-Nash Company, $5; John Pastene, $5;
Reilly & Co.. $5; Von Husen & Co., $5; J. H.
Cain & Co.. $5; D. B. Uhte, $5; R. V. Whiting.
$5; John J. Qulnn, $5; Boessenecker & Janssen,
$5; Kerr & Douglas, $5; Joseph & Isola, $3; J.
Zentner, $2 50; D. Roberts, $2 50; John W. Gale,
$2 50; C. J. Lercari, $2 60; Campodonlco &
Burns. $2 50; W. A. Schultz Jr., $2 50; T. I.
Fitzpatrick, $2 50; Stewart & Co., $2 60; George
W. Tlndal Company, $2 50; Dabovich' Bros.,
$2 50; Gould & Jaudin, $2; John Conners, $2;
Ivan P. Sutlch, $2; Campodonico- Malcolm Com
pany, $2;. Phil S. Beel. $2; Henry Bloom, $1:
each, $1; Charles F. Miller, $1; William C.
Hanley, $1; John. J. Van .Nostrand, $1; Harry
M. Kelly, $1; James M. Hanley, $1; William G.
Burke, $1; O. P. Welch, $1; G. P. Neppert, 50c;
William Paganlnl, 50c; Henry Gallon, 60c;
Nicholas Gill, 60c; J. Schmidt, $2 60; J. K.
Armsby Company, $50; Griffin & Skelley Com
pany, $50; Braunschweiger & Co., $10. Total,
$S86 50.
Italian-Swiss Colony: Italian daily paper,
L" Italia, list (through A. Sbarboro)— Italian-
American Bank, $50; Italian-Swiss Colony, $50;
M. J. Fontana^ $50; D. Ghirardelli, $50; A., Pa
ladlni, $25; A. Galll Fruit Company $25; Mi
lan! & Co., $5; Compagno & Co., $5; J. C. Sala,
$5; A. Pastene & Son, $5; Antonio Chlchlzola
& Sons, $10; F. Paganini. $1; G. Calegaris, $10;
Fred de Ferrari, $5; Dr. G. E. Caglleri,. $5; Dr.
Camlllo Barsotti, $5; G. Chiappari. per la S.
F. F. & G. A., $8 60; C. O. Fauda, $1; Dr. Cav
A. Delucis, $2; L. Torre, $2; G. B. Cavaglia,
$2; John Musso, $2; G. D. Verga, $1; G. Hac
cheri. $2; A. Castagnetto, $1; Victor Demartlni.
$1; S. Granucci, $1; G. B. Levaggl. $5;>Ch.
Fizoxhero, $1; G. Onesti, $1; N. Botto, $1; L.
Scatena, $5; Emilio Calegaris, $1; Patrlzlo Mar
slcano. $1; Ph. Demartini, $2 50; Pletro Mich
eletti, $3; J. Bardelllni, $1;» M. Belli, Colma.
$1; G. Musto & Sons. $25; A. Zolezzi. $1; G. B.
Schiaffino. $1; D. Biaga & Co., $5; B.- Mas
sone, $2; Pietro Alladio (della Maison Alladlo),
$5; Almagla & Patrizl, $5; Carlo Delpino, $1; O.
M. Ratto, $1; Carlo Viale. 60c; Guido Almagia,
50c; A. Lertora, 23c; Ij. Abrate, 25c; Henrietta
S., 25c; Fred Rodriguez. 25c; Achille Jacinl,
25c: Arturo Godl, 25c; Pietro Marchettl, 25c; W
Faveto & Co., $2; G. Valvo, $1; V. E. Chlappa
(Bonanza saloon), $1; Liberal e Rimlssa, $1;
Venaglla & Co.. .$1; G. Cadenasso, $10; Pltto
& Milanl, $5: Joes. Danerl, SI;. A. A. Cavag
naro, $1; Quillcl & Co., $1; Carlo Morettl, 12-
Angelo Benedetti, $1; P. Arata, $1; Mrs.' C.
Bonflgll. 25c; Ollnto Menesinl, 60c; Dario Con
zattl. 50c. Total, , $431 10.
Young Men's Christian
Association Takes
. Action.
YELLOW PAPERS
ARE THROWN OUT
Over Thirteen Thousand
Is Subscribed to
Date.
The convention adopted In full the arbi
tration scheme reported by the arbitra
tion committee. It also adopted a new set
of trade rules.
DES MOINES, Iowa, Oct. 3.— The con
vention of the National Grain Dealers'
Association adjourned to-night after re
electing its old officers, recommending
Memphis as the seat of the next conven
tion and adopting resolutions memoraliz
ing Congress to amend the interestate
commerce laws; condemning bucket
shops, recommending the reorganization
of the Government crop service and its
co-operation with the National Hay Deal
ers' Association; urging the Kansas City
Exchange to repeal its rule forbidding af
filiation with any other association and
Inviting it to affiliate with the national
Benjamin Lockwood of Des Molnes was
elected president.
A fight In the convention and a probable
split in the association was averted by
the refusal of the committee on resolu
tions to incorporate into its report a reso
lution prepared by a committee from the
Chicago Board of Trade condemning the
use of sulphur in doctoring grain. This
resolution- met such severe opposition
from bo many of the dealers, both from
Chicago and elsewhere, that a compro
mise was effected by the adoption of the
bucket shop resolution.
Convention Memorializes
Congress on Several
Measures.
GRAIN DEALERS
FINISH LABORS
MONUMENT FUND
GROWS STEADILY
Mr. Washburn, gave her away. .T. G.
Hosmer and Dr. C. C. Collins, U. S. A.,
were the ushers. After the ceremony the
bridal party repaired to the Washburn
residence, 2525 Fillmore street, where the
couple received the congratulations of
their many friends. > The' residence was
appropriately decorated with national col
ors and cavalrv tokens.
The gowns of the bridal parts' were su
perb. The bride wore a dainty white
crepe de chine appliqued with St. Joseph
lilies. The maid of honor and bridesmaids
were gowned alike in white organdie over
pink silk. Th2y carried pink carnations.
The wedding gifts were numerous and
costly. Lieutenant McMullen's troop sent
a chest of solid silverware. The following
resolutions, adopted by Troop H, were
forwarded from the Yosemite Valley,
where the troop is located : N
Whereas, The troop in conference assembled
having appointed the undersigned committee
to draft appropriate resolutions on the mar
riage of Lieutenant Joseph I. • McMullen.
Fifteenth Cavalry, which event Is announced
to occur on October 3, 1901, and
Whereas, Lieutenant Joseph I. McMullen,
being held in such high esteem by all the
members of Troop H, Fifteenth Cavalry, and
Whereas, It being- the desire of all the mem
bers of Troop H, Fifteen . Cavalry, that Lieu
tenant McMullen be acquainted with the per
sonal regard of the troop; therefore, be it
Resolved, That the - troop extend 'to Lieu
tenant McMullen their heartiest congratula
tions and well wishes for a long life of hap
piness and prosperity; and be it further
Resolved, That a copy of these resolutions
be presented to Lieutenant McMullen on the
day of his marriase.
CLAY PI., ATT,
Sergeant Major, Fifteenth Cavalry.
CHRISTOPHER SCHWALM,
First Sergeant, -Troop H.
ALLEN KILGOUR,
Quartermaster Sergeant
HARRY SISSON, Sergeant.
ROBERT T. NOE, Trumpeter.
THOMAS B. STEPHENS.
'Corporal, i
EARX. H. HENDRIX,
Provost.
A FASHIONABLE wedding took
place yesterday afternoon at St.
Paul's Episcopal Church. Miss
Frances Bruce, a popular local
society belle, and Lieutenant Jo r
seph Irving McMullen of Troop H, Fif
teenth United States Cavalry, were mar
ried by the Rev. William M. Reilly.
The bride is a niece of Mr. and Mrs.
A. H. Washburn. Lieutenant McMullen,
who is one of the most popular officers at
the Presidio, comes from one of the best
families in Virginia,
Th.e church was crowded with friends of
the- happy' young, couple. Miss Alice
Bruce was maid of honor and Miss Char
lotte Bruce and Miss Viola C. Piercy
were the bridesmaids. Arthur D. Geisler
officiated as best man. The bride's uncle,
But then surely' you have done so al
ready—to Join the great autumn excursion
of the Southern Pacific to-morrow to Lake
Tahoe. Daylight special leaves at 8 a.m
Round trip $8.50, good eight days. Hotel
rates $2 and $2.50. Read Mark Twain's de
scription of Lake Tahoe. Note,' the num
ber registered at 613 Market street, then
go whether you register or not.
This Friday Morning Make TJp Your
Mind-
Oil 'Promoter "Weds Secretly.
. BAKERSFIELD,' Oct. 3.— C. E. Young,
the promoter of the local Stock Exchange!
and Miss Kissie Ransch, a beautiful young
lady who' was reared and educated in this
city, were secretly married In Fresno on
Sunday night; The groom is well known
In business and financial circles through
out the San Joaquin Va*»ey and the bride
is prominent in social circles. Her mother
is an old resident of this city and her
brother is Jay Ransch, the jockey, who
has made himself famous by his clever
riding. Mr. and Mrs. Young will make
their home in Bakersfleld.
•» LOS ANGELES, Octl 3.— At to-day's ses
sion, of the -Southern California Baptist
(Association,. Ontario,. Cal., was selected
as.thenext.place of meeting and the Rev.
C. H. Hobart of Pasadena was named to
preach *the annual sermon, with the Rev.
Frank G.i Norton of Long Beach as al
ternate. . Convention officers for the en
suing: year "were selected as follows:
Moderator, C: H. Barker, Los' Angeles
vice president, the Rev. W. I. Irvine, Los
Angeles;- clerk, the Rev. George Taylor
Pasadena; treasurer, the Rev. H. Badeau,
Monrovia. The- convention closed to-night.
Baptists Close Their Convention.
NEW; YORK, Oct. 3.— By the bursting
of a feed pipe the steamer La Grande
Duchesse was disabled .while returning
from the yacht races this evening and
the 2000 people on board did not get back
to the city until 8. p. m. The break was
repaired while the vessel was anchored
near the' Hook and she was able to pro
ceed, to her. pier' under her own steam
The steamer had on • Doard : a party of
Newark Bay Yacht Club, men, delegates
from the Brooklyn Yacht Club Larch
mont Club, Montauck Club, Union League
Club of Manhattan ..and many other ex
cursionists.. ..-....¦ ~ ¦ • ;
No one was hurt and there was little
excitement. - ¦ .*cu:
Feed Pipe Burst but Fortunately All
of the Passengers Escape
• *! ; • : . . ¦„•¦:. Injury.
STEAMER BREAKS IXDWN
' RETURNING FBOM RACES
The records of the San Francisco Police
Department and Morgue contain no ref
erence to a suicide such as is described in
the above dispatch, nor do the names
Lenson or Snyder appear.
Lenson says he then left San Francisco
for another town and there he heard the
report of the supposed suicide of his
sister. • When it was all over he traveled
about. The thought of having murdered
his sister weighed so on Lenson's mind
that he Is now at times a maniac.
Finally, ten months ago, Lenson says
he came across his sister on a street in
San Francisco. He stopped her and tried
to persuade her to leave the man. Later
they went to a room to talk the matter
over. There, Lenson declares, he- shot his
sister. He left the revolver by her side
and then wrote a note in her style of
handwriting saying that she had become
tired of the life she was leading and de
cided to commit suicide. To this he signed
his sister's name.
LEAVENWORTH, Kas., Oct. 3.— The
Leavenworth police have encountered a
queer proposition in the person of J. R.
Lenson, who was arrested last night by
Detective E. .C. Murphy. • Lenson is at
times a raving maniac and again he is
perfectly sane. When placed in a cell in
the City Jail he tore all th'e clothing from
his body.
"While in a rational condition during the
night he recounted a most remarkable
story of himself to the police. He says
that about fourteen months ago his sister
ran away with a man named Snyder ¦ of
Pittsburg, Pa., against the will of her
family. Lenson determined to separate
the pair and started in pursuit of them.
He says he followed them all over the
United States, but they always eluded
him.
Special Dispatch to . The ' Call.
Insane Man in Kansas
Tells Strange Story
of Crime. .
SAYS SISTER
WAS HIS VICTIM
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, '.OCTOBER 4, 1901.
14
v- : . Hale'a. | Hale'a.
w
Market Street, I jf^Sfo, jffl <m Market Street,
near Sixth, /Stf/lF/ <&£&h <9&£ •<!^P ) c-l§5i> near Sixth,
Opposite Golden I Op JsSl^^Z^^ V3SBr_^fcrigg' Onposite Golden
Gate Avenue. I -^^^GQQD GOO0^^^ Gate Avenue.
Beautiful Black Grenadines
These new rich materials are now here — the choicest of the
Frenchman's interpretation of fashion, and these French people
seem to get closer to fashion than any of the rest of us. So to
' be first in these things, and to have exclusive styles,
We Imported Them Ourselves.
They come in satin stripes as well as brocaded effects. 44
inches wide, $1.50 a yard.
Equally popular are these:
Roman Stripe Louisene Silk 91.15-r-One of the popular creations for fall
waists. We are showing them now in all the new styles; 20 inches wide.
Black Corded Silks 75c — It looks so much like a tucked fabric that it will
be quite popular for waists and skirts. Comes in four styles of cords. 19
inches wide. 75c a yard.
Our Black Guaranteed Taffetas
Can never be talked too much. We can say all we can about them and
still they are better than the talk.
The cloth is so heavy, so firmly and carefully woven, and so well dyed
that we are willing to take all the risk ourselves. If it does not give en-
tire satisfaction we will gladly give your money back or replace the goods.
21 inches wide, $1.00. 24 inchrs wide, $1.25.
Denim and Tapestry Table Covers,
A most timely word of some new and pretty table covers.
The tapestry ones are particularly effective; deep rich color-
ings, together with the new style . patterns make them highly
attractive. And they're heavy. There is long- service in every
one of them. 40c> 65c> $1.25> according to the size you
choose. They are all fringed. Five colorings.
Mercerized Tapestry Table Covers $1.5©, $2.OO — 2 yards square, fancy
woven, fringed, in a variety of colorings.
Other Tapestry Covers $2.25, $3.25, $4.OO, $4.50— 8-quarter size, two
yards square, fringed, handsome colorings.
These Denim Table Covers Now 12 2 c.
30 inches square, set off with figured patterns in applique effects. 120 of them.
Other Denim Table Covers at X9c — 36 inches square, in large, showy scroll
patterns, look as if appliqued, fringed. Only 60 of them.
Tapestry by the yard 35c and 40c.
50 inches wide, brown, red, blue and olive.
Tapestry 45c, 50c, 65c, 75c, $1.00— 50 ipches wide, in damask, otto-
man effects, Roman Bagdad stripes.
I "tc SORQSIS shoe I
"MARKED DOWN!" 1
*^*S> H
A MERCHANT once advertised a mark- 1
down sale of shoes, and, to explain the I
|| price, said the leather "in some places" was rot- i
| ten. However, the defect was really of no con- 1
I sequence, he added, but he couldn't conscien- I
P tiously ask full price for them, etc., etc. I
[I His charming frankness wholly disarmed |
p %,yi criticism. But the leather was rotten all right,' 1
| nevertheless. 1
I There is never any mark-down sales of SO- |
I ROSIS. You pay the same to-day as you did 1
I yesterday and will to-morrow. We have never |
ri any apologies to make. Our leather's never rot- |
p ten; we're never overstocked; .we don't make 1
Fl our shoes from job lot stock; consequently, i
h can't say we took advantage of some other fel- I
|| low's misfortune, and offer you the benefit, etc., |
t* One price, one standard, one way of doing k
H business all the year through. And always on 1
I! the basis of honesty. , " 1
p ¦¦. I ; . • i v.. , p
i $3:22 iim^m?? I
I Per Pair. * j
50 THIRD ST. |
SECOND SHOE STORE FROM MARKET. |
,T-wo carloads of Call Atlases
b have just. arrived and aro no-w
ready for distribution. All
Call readers desiring one of
these Atlases should apply to
the Business Office of The
Call. •
CALL ATLASES
AT CALL OFFICE
to-day. garment \
gg , ;; ss 22 — ~~ j a
Frisco's gone yoke mad like every fashionable center in
the United States to-day.
The Yoke Coat is the coat; it's \hz real thmg; it s the
smart thing. «
To make a Yoke Coat properly it's got to be made by
the proper sort of tailors.
Some of the Yoke Coats we see about town are freaks.
You don't want a freak; you want the real thing, don't you?
Cur Yoke Coats are ths real thing, >
Yoke Coats
W *^h ForYoung Chaps
• -^ii * P^if Opposite we picture one of our \i
I 1 L^i^ nil inki^-a \ Yoke Coats and notice how
J r-H^S^^f^PiSvifel eracefullv the Yoke sets. In a
7 A Tmh *^^ li pretty Oxford Grey Cheviot, for
If 1l ' \fSttr*** -^? V lads between the a £ es of 8 and J 5
' if m^** '" ** wUk 3) y ears - Oh, it's smart; we only
w^wi w$$Fw' ' !l build smart clothes. Smart
vrvi, & \W§&H \* y achts are built b ? American
iM/ f^ffif builders, and these are built by
mWi Wwr American tailors; always winners
W, III ! 1-f — -and you have a coat that can't
Wf/ 'lh . 'if- be touched in this town under $6
W k ' ' : ,I ' '_ ! *J or $7. Special at
— - — ; 1
JpPilk Coat. : ¦
\W % d$£zJPzzdP® i \l\ Opposite we picture one of our
f 1 |,I ¦ vy""^* jj L| 1 \ sweetest - little winter coats for
/ Mm \ |H^ Y chaps from 2H to 6 years
i"^^;TCfc^^ ? ill* I ° f agC ' Notice the trimmings
\ I Mpy I m f ron t; notice the deep
Ik / / \^- T -_^^v*?<? <f^^l / Set ° f the ve * vet collar; no-
Iw^^^^^^pflfes/ tice how cute and cunning it
Wi'^Mf 4^^ \rafS/ looks; a swell coat, and just suit- „
fliifffi fwi'f abie for Httie chaps> ii? Cadet
j/iW 'Hf ' Blue> a P rett y shade, in that
ill 'it tpt ' - ftHs'/l smart shade. Myrtle Green and
avy -^ ue ' yj$* thost pretty
fflHrTiflnliW frog fastenin gSi jusf as you see
WM Wm W « it pictured, a coat that you would*
If If ' 11 f I willingly pay $5 for. On special
Includes Parent Leather Belt
£_ , . , ' jj^j : :
The Hat Department has its Win- The Hat Department has its new
ter novelties already for little chaps. winter fashions for men-all th=
Some bright things among 'em. ' smart shapes.
82 , " ¦T—- S 22 — 1 1 «;
(^»^ ' Union sSlJareAv^ \'
KINGPINS FOR OVERCOATS.