So little is the human mind understood.
It is believable that some of these men
possessed influence of which they had no
proper conception. At any rate Hassan
the diver had the utmost confidence - in
the powers of Mahmoud, and so when
the latter suggested to Hassan con
fidentially one day that he should conceal
his most valuable findings for a time,
-without qualm of conscience the diver
obeyed, hiding nearly all his acquisitions
each descent, before he arose to the sur
face, in places which Mahmoud previous
ly mentioned to him. The day of the dis
covery Mahmoud made a prediction based
on his occult power that a pearl of value
would be found in a post located at a cer
tain point in the fishing " ground. "-. This;
was imparted secretly to the. boat agent
or supervisor, who, possessing ¦ his -, own
share of superstition, was profoundly im
pressed with the discovery. Subsequent*'
fy, Mahmoud thinking It over, decided
that -the general superintendent, an Eng-,
Us&man. might not _vi$w r the. matter. in.
Some eight months previous at one of
the pearl fisheries on the shores of the
Persian Gulf a young^iiver. Hassan, had
fallen under suspicion. He >ad secured
no pea-rls of value for nearly a month,
though previously very successful; while
in the crevice of a post well under water
In the vicinity of his work, had been found
b. pearl of considerable worth. This dis
covery hau not been communicated to the
diver, but he was being closely watched
and if found guilty of secreting pearls, his
life might pay the penalty. He was an
honest, simple-minded fellow, who had
left. his native town of Khamir, impelled
by a desire to secure some measure of
wealth before marrying the girl of his
choice. Perhaps that fact had something
to do with the actuai facts in the case,
but much more is undoubtedly at
tributable to the influence of Mahmoud,
the shark-charmer, who accompanied the
boat and whom Hassan had come to re
era.rd as a superior, being. It was Mah
moud, who, by his incantations and ges
ticulations, kept the sharks away from
the divers when they descended beneath
the dark water and were engaged in their
perilous tasks. Indeed at times Mah
moud would plunge into, the waves, for
he was a powerful swimmer, and. accord
ing to his own account, send these mon
eters of the deep scurrying far away In
Xear of his •wrath.
"Good! And how about the papers
necessary to clear from the port?*.'
"A fishing permit only will be required,
which can be readily obtained."
"Praise to Allah! And. Hassan." he con
tinued, addressing the wearer of the fes
In quite a different ianguage, "do you feel
equal to the undertaking?" :
"Rest assured that I do. sir."
"Good," said the old man; "then if this
Infidel has not deceived us we shalt re
trieve our fortunes here. I shall get a
little sum for my old age and you enough
to enable you to marry the maid of Laris
tan."
"And you know the exact location T"
"Yes."
"And yon are sure It could not have
been shifted by the cyclone V
"Reasonably certain; it lies so wedged ia
«s I have told you, at the sea's bottom,
that nothing less than an earthquake
could move it."
There were eight occupants, five sailors
and three passengers, the former engaged
In handling the prao and the latter seated
In the shadow of the sail near the stern.
One of these was a beardless 'young man,
not above 25 years of age. of swarthy
Caucasian type, wearing a much-faded
jacket, trousers of Persian pattern and
red fes. Another of about the same age
Vas creesed in ordinary Visayan garb, his
countenance evincing more than the or
dinary native Intelligence. The third, a
man much older than the other two, wore
a turban, a tob or sack-shaped gown and
baggy trousers, all of which had ]Rrobably
been white at some time, but now present
ed an appearance of dirty brown, mottled
In places with yellow and black blotches.
Ee addressed the Filipino In the Malay
tocgue apparently, speaking slowly, as If
for the purpose of being the more readily
V&£erstood: v:.— . "'
"How many hours now to Hollo?**
t"Leee than thirty minutes."
"And how much farther to the wreck?"
" About an hour. If the monsoon does net
¦aange." k :'.'-•
•-¦V ECEXTT.T there stopped at tha
fj Washington Hotel, Hollo, a man
r\ who could converse in no aacer-;'
JL \ talnable language, baffling all at-
X. tempts to ascertain his' name and -*
nationality. Some time after he had gone.'
an explanation was obtained of a sea cap-'_'
tain Involving the following story.: 7 ••;";->; -..".
A prao was moving swiftly before 'the -^
southwest monsoon | along - the -' coast Of '
Guimaras Island, in the direction of Hollo. •
It »-as aweH ¦constructei4''Vessel*'tif :: its '¦'
class, with outralls and a sharp . prow,
¦which split the ruffled water into ribbons
or roam and decorated the surface many
rods wakeward with Seeks s.nd" patches of
turbulent white.
(Copyright 1M1, by H. CKirkl)
same faith without great provocation, but
to assist Providence in its ends, especially
where his own safety, was . concerned,
' seemed to him of the highest -order of
morality. , Should Hassan become thor
oughly disillusioned he might tell all the
facts to the- authorities, when the Orient
should become too. small a place to con
tain even bo estimable a person as Mah
moud. - A .-change seemed Imperative, es
pecially as the. work In the lustrous nacre
' of Jolo waa chiefly in mother-of-pearl and
species of rear for his former dupe. ¦* Once
on- their.- trip Hassan had raised the ques
tion aa to what had become of. all the
pearls,' 'some -of? them very
valuable; -which x.'. he '.had - secreted K at
Mahmoud's v--. suggestion. ; i<The ; latter
easily. -V. parried -- the s-->' Query • ,r .-by .?. ob
servirig" -that;-.. If not:, -washed away
they .were .probably "In'- their Tarious
places . still ; * but he - sincerely thought <- it
a ' great < misfortune ! that s Hassan .-had > not
been , shot ?'by '. the > agent.- or * drowned «. on
their. trip..; He was too good i a Mussulman
to* deliberately ' murder a ' believer in •. tha
'closed. Mahmoud sold his boat and, the
.'two, took- passage; from Colombo- to Sihga-,'
pore, and thence .tat Jplo,'*. -where "illah-', 1 ..
moud was favorably received <by the I Sul-*'
tan. .and ' ,they. : worked ; f or ; a time— or,*}
more exactly. worked. lnvthetna-'':
tlve;flsheries;south of ,. the- Sulu. Island. .. ';
X-. Shark-charmers • were rnotf: employed
there,';-andV Hassan "observed ¦; with • some
surprise thatlthe divers returned quite as :
safely, when hno I mystic | charmer -: accom- B
panied' the' party.' :. : Hassan's awe for Mah-'i
rooud" was beginning ¦ to ;lessen.:/In ¦¦. fact '
- 1 he <L latter * wag -*- coininsr "^ to - enter tain r a'
the .wrack. * He explained to ifaJmwad
how, after iom* four weeks* toil off tha
coast of Manapla, tha Chineia craft bad
gathered quite a large quantity of but*.
Including a, few pearls thought t» b* ot
great .value.
"In what part of the vessel wera they /
placed?" said his listener.
"The hollow bamboos containing them
were all put Into the locker of tiw little
cabin. The day had been as fair a* this
and we had anchored around the point
for the night, when about 7 o'clock ft
terrible storm of wind and rain came op.
Starting from the northeast, it seemed to
¦hif t direction rapidly to every quarter
of the heavens; a form of Inky Blackness
shaped like a monster bat sprang up la
the sky and spread its threatening win**
over us, while th» water, which had wn
sullen as death, suddenly seemed to rise la
mountain masses and roll Its giant billow*
to the shore. The anchor up, with fora- -
sail only we strove to make tha Holla
channel; but no craft could have wlth
' stood - the violence of the ¦ storm Mag. i
When nearly across we struck ¦omethlns,
our foremast snapped, wrenching • hc4»
in the bottom. The water poured across
our bow and all was over. The Pecados
light was visible, and I knew the. very
bottom of the sea at that point. About
100 yards north of the light is a *P«*r
tshaped rock which rises from a depth of
sixty feet to within a few feat of the sur
face, against which a balf-doxea ve»»«l»
have been wrecked. At the bottom a
hulk lies pitched over from the rock. Im
bedded in sand, thus forming a cradle*
and in tfels cradle our Junk was firmly -
wedged. Foreseeing all, two Chinos and
myself had lashed ourselves to a divers
raft and though sucked down we ro»a
again and floated. The tempest cau* nt
us and drove us we knew not whither
through the black night. Morning found
us north of Panay, ,ono man dead ana
two others nearly so. At dusX we two
¦were picked up by a coaster bound fo*
Jala, and you know the rest.".
They passed Agupaog. the north point
of Guimaras Island, about 4 o'clock, and
veering to the east at the direction of
Max. anchored north of - the Pecados.
some three miles from Jtfapolas. where tha
tip of '¦*> spar was apparent benea-ta UM
waves.
As the best naked diver cannot remaia
under water above a minute and a half-
It was arranged that Max should descend >
first, locate the Junk and fix upoa tha
exact position of the treasure, and, risin*
as nearly as possible . at that point, /an-'
able Hassan to secure It. • % ;-¦ .:
-•Two strong lines were fastened-!* tha
near, outrail; a sinking stone, of about
fifty pounds' weight attached to one and '
shell-bag to the other. Max thrust his
left foot -Into the loop above the stone.
snapped the rope of the shell-bag - into
a pulley-loop attached to a- belt about his
• -waist,* compressed :bis ndstrils with .ibis ;'
left hand, raised his body to Its utmost*;
height, kicked off the weight*, fron*' tha
outrall and was down In an instant;* Man
moud squatted on the rail; holding tn»
¦- signal line with one hand and waiving tha
'¦ other and- shouting- strange phrases.-Sud
denly, ' before a -minute had passed, ha
ceased talking and began pulling on the
line* Max shot up out of the water and
elambered-into'the-boat. breathing hear* -
ily, but with a satisfied expression upon
his ' face. ; He bad found a passage into
the cabin of the Junk. It would require
a strong effort to wrench open the looker,
but the treasure was evidently -them Ha~
sald that a projecting crag of bowjdaC
•nape was poised directly over tha locker,
¦ and that care must be exercised to avoid
dislodging; it lest It crush th© diver. Has
san, who was ready to descend, under*
stood -.not a word of this,. but Mahmoud's
eyes took on a curious > expression.- Ha
placed an iron bar in the diver's band
and explained to him about prying open
the • locker, but said nothing as to tha
' overhanging bowlder.
Straight and lithe Hassan stood upoa
the outrall, a perfect specimen of physi
cal manhood. He had listened to Mah
moud" • Instructions, and knew that his
utmost power as a diver would be triad,
for the naked diver can exert but little
physical force under the water, and that
at the risk of rupturing a blood vessel or
suffocation. But not a tremor of fear did
be show or a quiver of his pliant body as
he disappeared into the wavo-crestod
water. . - ¦ •"-. \-- - ..---•
Mahmoud, squatting on - tha < outran
again, •renewed his Incantations and get*
tlculatlons with greater vehemsne* than
before. Max • held the shell Una now, •
awaiting Hassan's signal, so the old rays
tic had naught to do but exert bis occult
power, in voice and movements, which ha
did much to tha astonishment of the Moro
sailors stationed- about balancing tha
- swaying, rocking motion of the proa. ¦ ¦
f A minute passed and Max had reoefrwS
no sign from the man below. Mahmoud
ceased his antics and began counting tha
seconds. - Thirty— forty— fifty— two minute* ;
and i no signal. Hassan 'must be drowned.'
Mahmoud directed Max to pull .him up»
The line -was unweighted— altachfd" to
nothing, with the end freshly broken. *- . ¦
' Mahmoud's eyes - glittered - with excite
ment. He quickly. divested himself of his
tob and trousers, intrusting them, with
his cane, . to Max. It was observed that
ha had a • stiff , flap-covered pocket at
tached to a belt about his waist as~h«
placed his, foot in. the extra weight Una
and snapped the guide line in It 3 place.
and his face exhibited an exultant, deter
mined look .as he disappeared. He must
:have thought that Hassan was crushed
by the -bowlder or suffocated from over*
exertion;. and must have entered the nar
row cabin.- believing there would be on*
less to share the treasure.
Is there a balancing principle In Nature
that measures and adjrttts men to their
deeds and motives as4f*3ajusts the waves
to the wind and tide? -The shark-charmer
bad. reckoned on all conditions except th»
*ne he. should have known moat about.
He observed with slight* surprise as ha
entered the junk that the bowlder was
In place, the locker was open and no>
signs of Hassan's body. As he thrust
his hand into the aperture to secure tha
coveted treasure, something touched his
person, and turning he saw a dozen fiery
eyes, above, below, all around him, bulg
ing, from the swaying maculated bodies
of those lithe-tinned bloodhounds of the
deep, tiger-sharks,' which Infest the wa
ters of the Pecados; and in another in
stant he. was an insensate mass staining
that:wat«r with his gore. .•¦
Mahmoud .had forgotten that though
¦harks seldom attack living men. they are
swift to devour, the defenseless drowning,
and that long after the --corpses of a
wteck are consumed they are wont to re
vlilt the places , of their feasts and are
sure to be attjjfcted there by the presence
of ltving menTy.
. Thus it came'about that Max the diver,
- whose - home is in. the pretty little town
of lsabela'deMlsamis, has suddenly ac
quired wealth, and thus is explained tha
' recent ! uresence of a ¦ man 'in Hollo who
spake no language that could be under
stood. Just prior to making hl3 : descent
'the truth flashed upon Hassan, a sort of
intuition as to Mahmoud's motives, and
ha resolved to use his skill for. his own
advantage. ' Wrenching open .the lid of
s the locker,' he grasped the canes,*. secured
: them to hls'belt in an instant, and swam,
outf rising some distance from the prao
'in. the hollow, of a wave/, whence another
. dive brought' him to the ¦ nearest of tha
Pecados;'. and' none too~'soon for tha
sharks ' had 'caught the scent 'of human
flesh. That he secured pearls enough to
enable him - to return to Kahralr . and
marry the maid of Lartstan In , satlsta**
-tory,- style, is quite probable,,. :. -
: sUoilo, P. L. "•"
the same right: and here occurred, too. a
slight weakening of Hassan's confidence
Jn Mahmoud. Hassan: could-" not'-. under-,
stand -why Mahmoud 'should 'suggest' to
him as he did quietly' that morning, the
plan of swimming . away from* the ¦• boat
with his next -find and thus > running: the
risk. of being shot by the agent. As tha
water- happened to be rough, he com
plied with the- suggestion by swimming
as far as possible under water from the
moment of making- his last descent,: keep-.
Ing In the hollow of the waves as he: rose
to. brcatba. When he did -not. appear.
i Manmoud - decl art-d * in apparent i terror ; to •
.'the. startled inmates of "the boafdat the
-: dlVer- had ; been devoured -.by : a '.shark, a:
•Just', retribution 1 .'for.-. Borae>crlme'« he.had
'. probably committed.* ¦ : •¦; - ¦"' ¦¦¦* :«X
•>.- That night Mahmoud in a'llttle, saMnj: ;
craft-, took Hassan »f rom' a • place . of :¦ con
cealment on -shore' and? the pair started
upon a; long,' and; to most people-,' 1 danger- 11
1 ous vovage. ¦' How, they subsisted, what
perils .they passed, "need nollbe recounted.'-
They only knew one- kind' of -business and
\ that' Was fishing - for- pearls.i- Ceylon -was
t reached • Just-' as -the - pearl • fishing \ season :
afforded -him, lit tie pront. ".
.:¦. Accordingly • when . a -Vlsayan . diver "fcap-i
pened "to. tell him* of. a ' Chinese craft
which had gathered pearls oft the coast of
Negros and had been sunk in a storm not
far from -.the : fishing ground. Mahmoud
at .once projected ¦ a , trip - to | the ! wreck." As
the result of fifty years of avarice- he was
not without /.means,-, and his 1 bank was
contained- in' the -capacious 'pocket* of his
tob and in. his bamboo cane.-- -. •¦*• • ;*•
- Before the "Slete Pecados"; (Seven' Sins)
were c reached. ;:Max; <.the 1 .{Vlsayan,?; bad
gone ! over; In de tail tha '< clr cums tances ' of
THE SHARK CHARMERfew «kiles away He the iWiehlta iMoun
tains-.These hills are said to centairi gold.
The citizens who would have things jun
on ¦'¦.the j Vwide-open" plan are r many,'- but
there are 1 also others who'wish^for "civ
ilization."'- It Is these two factions ;;that'
havq already created a bitter, feud; lfke.Jy.1
to cause r no^ end of . trouble. —The;*"wide
cpen" faction" is supported by^the'hoted
Bat Carr, who wishes to open everything
by a "gun-shooting soiree. ' "\ " "¦ ¦"? ;-p'*'!*
"Lawton .had men 'among the first' who'
understood .city government. , They knew v
it was necessary to have streets.'. Ac-.
cordingly'the "tents were pitched in rows',
a space one hundred feet wide being left
between r them for streets. .
The . two rnain thoroughfares were
named McCoy ' street and Goo-Goo ' av- :
enue. - -The latter became the ' Midway,
the scene of . gay revelry at : night : and
quick - trading in daylight. Dance halls,
gambling tents and \ real estate, and law
offices comprise < th© .principal:; places | of
attraction In any frontier town; and Law
ton had ite share of them. There . was no
cessation to the noise, in" Lawton. .»-- v ;
."* "ftie : crack of the : six-shooter, was"- j ist
as-frequent at noon as at midnight. About
the ; only -peaceful 3 time ' was \ about ' di iy-.
break,' wheit- all "the cowboys and toughs
\vere ; dead drunk. . Then one -could sta nd
on ,a.l corner in: Lawton and see. hundreds
df. 1 men 1 ; piled 'in' the. dust and dirt. Some
slept" there because ' beds : elsewhere ; could
not/be/had; .others, did: it because'; their
reason had fled .when liquor 'entered.' ' | ¦
• August. 6 was 'the:- day -of ; the -town lot
Sales..- In ;a small : building the -' commis
sioner: appointed .by: Secretary: Hitchcock
offoredlots for. sale. -'> In front of the doors
great , crowds : surged. i:^len" grew , hysteri
cal because. they • could not get inside. the
room and buy every*, lot in : town. ' - .. - '
¦ • Some : of ¦ the '. choice > corner v business lots
sold for as much as $3000. Others brought
less. ' J.~R.' Hampton, was In charge of. the
sale. He required every man to pay cash.
On .the first day of ;• the t sale- something
like a hundred 'thousand dollars changed
'hands on real estate. A man had no soon
er bought his lot than he was, of course,
.trying tq, sell it for a profit. .**"-';
.'- The cente'r'.'of town was said to be Mc-
Coy, street and Goo-Goo avenue, but town
lot .speculators-- changed it half a dozen
times the first day' of the :sales. -Things'
became soiuncertaln'tnat no frame houses
have been" started, and 'as the. climate re
mains fwarrri\in« this section for some:
months ¦ to come few houses will- bo conr"
structed; ' \ , ¦' -*¦_. :; . v \ :: .= '¦/.:'¦ ;.-....;
- Or... the first ;day. that Lawton was ofl3
cially-organized—August 6 — a j bank man
aged by .Dennis: Flynn, Territorial? Dele-,
gate to i Congress;; a daily, newspaper run
by ,W. E..Kimber,'i and -a?District- Court,
presided -*: over ¦ :rby. -\- Judge :: McAtee, - were. .
among the enterprises .of .Lawton.- : :.'
• The bank and i newspaper offices: were
moved 1a an. wheel*. . The court. was held '
in a tent. -Thirty-one grocery stores blos
somed forth on .the first day, eighteen
restaurants had already been in full swing
and aixtyinine gambling dens»were count
'ed long before the town was officially or
ganized. ' •
The new City Marshal, Bat Carr. stood
talking with me a few days before the
sale of town lots. He twirled his slx
shcoter affectionately. He was master or
tho situation, so he told me. He proposed
to run things wjde open, and yet he wou»d.
quell the bad men; ,, :
»"I'll put some of the ; cowpunchers to
sleep," he said with a gusto. 'T will' make
them bite the dust, you , bet. 7 .;
; Is ow. Bat - reckoned ' unwisely. .' He pro
posed to collect and retain all the revenue
from the gambling-houses. . Judge Mc-
Atee differed with him; A scene in Police
Court followed on August 6...- : .-.
>**Mr. Carr. you- will please turn over the
flnea collected, '% said the Judge.: .
. ~"l refuse to do bo until I have been paid
my salary," replied Mr.'. Carr. . who took
TOWNS in Oklahoma were nearly all
made in one day, but the new town
of Lawton was bora in an hour.
Lawton has set the pace as an up
to-date frontier village. It will be'
difficult for others to follow.
Where but a few weeks ago stood a bar
ren waste of buffalo grass/ sloping toward
a email stream, to-day 10,000 souls have
made their resting- place. ; Perhaps they.
may make it their heme. On the border
circumstances govern: how .long a man
shall stay In one town. WiiUe Lawton has
been in r^pllty tore* 'weeldt^ccumula tin?
lib present population, which distinguishes
it as the metropolis of the new Kiowa and
Comaecha country, it was but an hour in
starting-' . : . , - . )- . ,
On July 2* the news. ., was sent from,'
Washington that a tract of land adjoin
ing Fort Sill had been choeen for a land>
office, where regisratlon papers could be
made out. On the towasite, which'com
prises a ha^f section of land, stood . noth
ing but a tall building— an Indian agency.'
This uas the gathering place for Indians;
cf the Kiowa. Comanche and Wichita,
tribes, when the redskins felt that - tho :
Government was in debt to them. The :
towneite was named in Washington after
General Lawton of Philippine fame.
On July 29 the registration closed at El
Reno and Lawton. It was then and - not
until then that white people were legally
allowed to enter the reservation. Prior to
that time soldiers ' had . camped ' on the
townsite of Lawton and kept the squatter
outside, f ¦ ¦'. . , ¦'¦•¦ ...i\ ~ ¦ i
But every one. of tha 167,000 people who
registered bad a right, after^ July ¦.&, to
tramp and settle, temporarily, at leaat,
any place on the reservation.' Whereas
they had been forced to walK "¦ lnt» - the
land office, have their papers filled out for
the land drawing,, then march/off tho res
ervation again, nov$ they could squat at
any place on the townsite they chose.':. If '¦
So on- July 30. the birth of Lawton was
announced to the world. . Five g thousand
people had squatted on town lots In less
than an hour; in three hours 7000 souls
comprised the population. "'And every day
since then prairie schooners tilled with
their human freight had trekked across
slhe plains en route to Lawton, the border
city, risen as if by magic . ' . ¦
Just .why the boomers should choose
Lawton ' tpr : their t resting -place no one
cduld*tell.\Xt is\located highland dry, so
much so that water'hasVprov'ed scarce. A'
government well •was' dug 300 feet; but. no
water ..was .found.- The .thirsty boomers
drank/ the, Cache River dry.then a* well
was; dug twelve feet' deep in the lowlands,*
a^nd/ a continuous stream of cool water has
been found.' ' ,..;.• •
- Perhaps - the .. reason . that Lawton Is a.
border metropolis Is the fact that but a
out his ili-ihooter and wiped ti* kunl;,
fondly. ¦!
"You ar* discharged, then.**
What Carr said would not look w*U tm
print. But he took hi* dischart* aaf
swore vengeance. Lawton, a wild tnra.
was without police protection.
- The citizens were up a tr*«. plainly
speaking. Then they called «n Miss M*i
tie Beals, the- Wichita girl who 4r*w ft
prize claim adjoining the townaltt. 32m
was tendered the place.
"For the good of tne town I will acc«*4
this, but only temporarily." was iti*«
Beals' answer.'
She is an athletic maiden of 23, a plon««r
iri free land openings and a' handy pertoa
with a six-shooter. Her first act was t*
run Bat Carr out of town. Then aha re
signed. The strain was too great for hi*
nerves. ,
Now a tall Texan presides over th« da«
tlni.es of Lawton. He has effected a coca*
promise. Instead of allowing tho guak*
ling-houses alone full sway, he gave as*
loons licenses. Then for the first ttmm
Lawton quenched her thirst over small
bottles at 50 cents apiece. Prior to that
(Only bad whisky and "tin top>" wer*
'smuggled in through back ways and sold
under cover.
After the saloons came to be a factor la
Lawton all the scenes of a real mining;
camp were founu here. I was astonlahea
to see a man with a silk tile step on to a
dance platform and go swirling across th»
rough floor with a woman. Had that
dance been In Dodge City he would hav«
suftered for his impudence, but silk hats
have come to the border, it seems, to stay.
Young men in shirt waists were there,
too, and they were not so much aa "In
sulted.." Arm in arm with fellows wear
ing hig-h-heeled boots they went. Th« \
smell of the ranch was blended -with th«
pcent of the drygoods store. It was a
good r.atured crowd, all jolly mixers and
hard drinkers.
Some of the sure thing gamblers at
Lawton have | games so rank that -evsn
the Indians, whose gambling proclivities
are notorious, stand around them and say,
"Heap pale face fools." But the new
' comers seem to be -anxious for a- gain*
they have never seen before, and nevar
were gamblers In 'richer clover.
Towns along the line of the Rock Island
Railroad adjoining the new country ar©
pressed to furnish conveyances to carry
things to Lawton, Hobart and Anadarko.
Groceries take first choice, beer second .
and lumber last. Men in new towns must
eat and drink, but they would just as soon
live under blue skies.
| Notwithstanding all the wildnessand
seeming untamability of Lawton the min
isters and evangelists have appeared.
Three pioneer ministers of Cushings, O.
T.. have opened a "gospel tent" alongside
the gambling 'dives on Goo-Goo avenue,
and the strains of the hymns sometimes
sound even louder than the drunken yell-
Ing and cursing of the rounders. -•••
Early in the game society took hold on
Lawton. There i3 already a "Four Hun
dred," a middle class and a lower elemant.
Miss Beals is the acknowledged leader of
the- "Four Hundred." Wives of trades
men and Government officers are her" fol
lowing. The saloon and gambling crowd
are second in rank, while the hard work
ers are the substratum.
According- to the local newspapers Law
• ton is planning already to have a number
of "real swell balls," Ice cream socials
and church suppers. The saloon crowd
has advertised a cock fight., a wrestling
match and what not. About all the lower .
element can do is to take a few drink*
and start a shooting scrape, which thar
are doing regularly and quit* *-«U.
ments and graces et mind arc not neg
lected. , Every morning there Is an hour
or two of bard study over school books,
and I find that the perfect physical con
dition of the child makes for wonderful
alertness of the menra" facilities. Jn s\> •»
of the vicissitudes of circus life, as w«
know them at this season of the year,
performers are well known to keep them
selves in the prime of condition, eschew
ing the commonest dissipations and main*
taininsr a high standard of conduct.
"This is absolutely compulsory. Of
course many pleasures common to tb*
ordinary man are missed. 'But when ona
meets a retired acrobat— as was my pleas
ure a few days ago — a man who In bis
eighty-fifth year could lift a bullock or
climb a rope hand over hand, clean to th«
peak of the main tent — one sees the re
ward of a life of absolute temperance In
air things, of outdoor labor and constant
strife to excel. -This veteran cf the circus
ring, I must say. wa3 the beat'tfreserved
specimen of humanity it was ever my de
light, to meet, sound as steel. -'with th»
physique of a man of forty still, and Jo
vial , as a freshman." • ' ; ; v ::
balance himself aloft without calling toe
much ur>on the man at the rope, the
'mechanic' is • dispensed with- and two
trained helpers foilow the 'act round the
stage wjth hands ready to. seize the wav
ering 'figure with the first sign of a fa*l.
These helpers are never once called off
until the child has mastered thoroughly
and confidently the difficult art of balanc
. ing aloft. Even in moments of completest
self-reliance there is danger of a lapse,
and only days,-- weeks and months of
¦training upon a' single difficult act can
-insure that proficiency which justifies a
•.public performance.
; "With the first public exhibition all dls
.'couragements and illusion that the labor
did not pay and that the-acrobatic art Is
not worth the cost.is .at^once dispelled.
The music, ., the lights, the "glow of a
thousand faces and-' the deafening ap«
"plause-wlth which the finest teaia are
greeted— all these fill* the infant mind with
a new Inspiration. He begins to see that
after many months -of hard work amid
many danss»rs he has ahcomplished some
thinjc which r»is the marvel not only of
¦those of his, own age; but of his elders.
"He becomes , enthused, and a natural
emulation' inspires him to even better
work. He begins to regard training as a
pastime rather than a season of penance,
and when the following pay day he opens
a - little hank account all his own,
starting on the highway to independence
if not, indeed,. wealth, he is thankful to
those who have" spent such efforts in his
behalf, and shows it by going back Into
training with delighted zeal. Indeed, in
stead of driving them to work, as a father
drives his son into the potato patch with
his hoe in hand, I am constantly repress
ing my little performers, watchful of the
first signs of fatigue and overexertion.
Often, while traveling- through the coun
try, when -. an opportunity occurs for a
holiday, I say/ 'Which shall we do-^try
that new feat again, orj go on the excur
sion?' The answer is always the same — '
/'The new; feat! The,n, if we have time,
, the excursion.'^ , It is -heedless tosay that ¦
I encourage every ! legitimate recreation,
. but upon the children's own&choice it Is
always the- neW> feat /first, v 1 ",v^.;. .
"And While: the r body- is thus trained
you may -be sure., tHat other .accomplish-
gKUTALITT wftB the characterizing
feature of the old school cf Juve
nile training- among the showmen,
of the pa»t." The speaker was
William Martell, head of a Veil
knows family of acrobatic performers.
"The new method Is the opposite," con
tinued the jjerformer. "I have accom
plished results that have delighted the
public, and never yet have I raised my
hand, either In correction or coercion,
against the little ones whom I have
trained to do the most difficult feats. In
fact. In spite of the prevailing- Continental
notion that juveniles must be hammered
Into shape, as It were, and that cuffing*
and blows are the necessary lot of the
aspiring acrobat, I believe by the more
scientific, and certainly more approved,
method, a higher standard of excellence
may be attained, afthough many believe
that the profession of acrobat is on the
decline and that there are non^, to com
pare with those of the,, old school— men
who were whipped into 'wonderful pro
ficiency almost from infancy. X
"As for;myself, I may say that, I. loo,
was hammered into - shap«. but ,Tiy' ro
means as brutally a* many that I 'have
known. 1 1t may be that recollectlqn.of t'le
barbaric methods has made me more leni
ent, and at least more enlightened In the
training of juveniles to-day. ¦-¦' •
"At 6 years of age I was a German,
turner, at the age of 10 I was so proficient 1
on the bars and trapeze that a showman j;
Immediately offered to train me .for-{he;
pi-ofeeslon. It was against my r pareaje'.;'
wishes, but the glamour of the ahowman's.v
life, ever alluring to the -Juvenile.; mintl,?
encouraged fne to- win rriyV.parents'/icojW
sent. > and- I was taken in/uiand, by| r^y i
trainer for 'better, or 'for v/Hrsej'.: ". r U
_*"It was some years before 1 1 became ac.-.. '
complished-. -enough,?, to, „ make j a . public
move.' and bitter years they were. But
wilri~ my ' ! first public performance I took
on a new lease of life, as it were, and felt
myself on the high ' road to wealth and
• fame. .V ', '¦'¦. •-. ¦
"When I married and little ones came
into my care, it-was my one thought to
make -.them. accomplished acrobats, and to
do:thte by a method radically opposite to
'those' conceived by- showmen to : be the
-.only sovereign- method— infinite patience
anqwpafnstaklng. \ t r ¦¦-. ¦ " • ¦ ; .
li "Children are marvelously "susceptible.
' Th# ftrst thing necessary is to mak6)thfm
,ilnterfv3t*d in their v;crk. This its done by
shCm-ing them the rewards of success and
by inspiring absolute confidence. The con-
tldency ui a chila ._a -wonderful -thing-, .
and v< ell worth cultivating.
"By the old method, when a child made
a slip he got a blow with a stick as wall
as a hard fall., This cither took the cour
age out of him or drove him to despera
tion so that he made- daring leaps and
plunges through sheer recklessness. 3y
the new method, to avoid accident, is. the
mam feature. In all my training: o'f-.juve- ,
r.iles I cannot recall a single accident of
any seriousness, for the reaaon that v l
«vatch every move and take every pre
caution, thinking of many things at once. ,
When a child learns to stand, erect -on'
my shoulders as I go whirlings around
ln:a circle on the high wheel, if; I see that;
there is going- to be a fall;- I. r let'evtry-
thing go in order to save- the child." The"
little acrobat soon learns that. this gunrd
. Ian eye is ever upon: him, and he gains
confidence with' every effort. "-\V ';¦ ¦.:
"There are many devices 'for the saving
nf limb and life, of course.-.; These are
used in s training*, even when there is a
reasonable belief that proficiency might
be attained -without their use. One of
these is called a 'mechanic' It .Is a sort
of body harness which leaves the arms
and legs free, and from which a rope ex
tends to a pulley on the ceiling; thence
along some distance to another, pulley and
down into the hands of a strong'manlpu
lator. ; . . ¦ ", ' ../. -;f •*¦
"When the child is . standing on
another's shoulder and. whirling around
in the 'three' or: 'four high,* as we term
the acrobat upon ' acrobat ¦ ; trick, if he
wavers or falls,, the man at the rope has
but to pull the. rope, suspending -him in
midair or letting him down to the floor
softly. The 'mechanic' is then a J very
valuable aid to juvenile training, and aids
In inspiring complete • confidence, in the
young mind. •¦ . "'•'¦ - / ' : . ¦' ¦
, "Another safeguard in training. is- to.
have efficient 'assistants e.vqr. at :* hand.
Some of the tricks that are accomplished
—for instance, -the aforementioned . 'four
high'— are' , : 1 exceedingly , .difficult.'- "and
dangerQUs'."'ofj s ;¦/> k <V /'.'"•*¦'¦•' ; ¦ ' ¦¦'¦;.
t ' ,"A' fair would mean serious • things— the
of HmbS'.>and perhaps something
even more serious* an utter loss of con
fidence on the' part of the child performer.
- After.,; the -little /fellow;, has ,,learned .to
THE SUNDAY CAL.T,.
2
THE RECORD BROKEN IN TOWN BUILDING
TRAINING A CIRCUS CHILDllnan Is a sturdy specimen of the hardy
stock of Tipperary, a reliable lieutenant
of the leader, alwayB ready for the fray
and never off .his guard. William , Red
mond Is impetuous and apt to cut find
thrust, never 'at a loss for a response to
a challenge in the arena of discussion and
well beloved by his associates. Sir
Thomas Ksmonde, true to his name, Is
a type of chivalry, gentle in- demeanor,
correct In deportment, dauntless in cour
age. Thomas Power O'Connor, as facile
with tongue and pen us he was a score
of years ago, as debonair in style, as
charming in conversation, with a pleasing
personality that attracts admiration from
women as from men, holding hia own in
the House with old-time dexterity and at
the same time on the most easy social
terms with his strongest opponents. T.
M. Ilealy, the redoubtable, is as clover
and as keen with his lingual weapon as
with a rapier; incomparable in his way,
even if a trifle eccentric in his methods.
The ItedmondH, Dillon, O'Connor,' Healy
and Ksmonde are well remembered In San
Francisco, although it is many years since
they visited this city.
The names mentioned are but a few of
the four or five score that might be cited,
but they are a sample of the active and
ulert modern men that are trusted to
maintain the prestige of tho past and to
pave the way parllamentnrlly for the po
litical regeneration of their native land.
Emigration.
It may be aaked why, if the prospects
of Ireland are improving, ia her popula
tion diminishing through emigration,
Tula ia not an eavy question to answer
in a sentence. No people cling to their
holdings with greater tenacity than the
Iriuli; they have a land hunger, and no
matter h*w small the area or how mean
the hat thalr affection. for it is inexplica-
ble to a stranger to their sentiment. Sen
timent Is strong with the Irish, and it is
good that it is so; it Inspires them to do
and .to endure; ', It > thepoetry in their
veins ' that makes this unique people eo
patient, persistent and . persevering In
spite of privations and ; trials that would
produce despair in a less sentimental race.
They love their" land and want to abide
in it.
Why, then, do they leave It?
Cromwell said as he first saw it from
one of its eminences, "a bit of rising
ground," on which he cast his covet
ous eye, "This is a land worth fighting
for." The trail of that serpent' is still
there— the curse of Cromwell still rests on
the holy hills of Ireland, and traces of
his scourge are everywhere visible. Ho
did not "conquer the country, although* he
laid It waste, yet he and his did their
shnre in robbing tho people of their patri
mony. They live'by and on the land; that
Is the substance of their support, and
when the means of sustenance arc taken
from them or rendered Inadequate by the
exactions of landlords the alternative of
emigration is the only one open to them.
Twenty years ago the late Henry
Qeorge said what is measurably true to
day, that the system of land tenure not
merely enubles a class to exact from th,o
people of a country a famine price for
tho use of the land which Qod made, but
it also enables them to charge' a rent for
the use of the improvements of the land
which tho people themselves made, which
is purely the product .'of their own in
dustry, and which In fact Is, on the strict
est principles of Justice, their own private
property. With the knowledge and expe
rience acquired of the transactions be
tween landlords and tenants the clearest
proof of this fuct is its simple statement.
The land of Ireland would still be In Ita
original state of nature had it not been
dralned, cleared, reclaimed and • f ertlTlzed
'by the enormous outlay of labor and capi
tal expended on it by the people «f the
present day and their forefathers,' tenant
farmers. As John Stuart Mi'l said:, "With
individual exceptions (some of them very
honorable , ones) the owners of . Irish es
tates do nothing for the land but drain
it of its" produce." /There, are certainly
honorable exceptions here and there, and
there is some tentative endeavor at en
abling the tenant holders to become free-/
holders, but it Is a dilatory,' expensive and
vexatious process, presently more • profit
able to solicitors, law agents, receivers
and other attaches of the courts, than to
the people for, whose benefit it was os
tensibly designed.;,
As the land Is the basis of all Indus
tries, it is the root of reform; the culti
vation of the soil must be by free men—'
freeholders— and when that Is .accom
plished, advantages will ' accrue ' to those
who are engaged In other pursuits, for
we must remember that "the Irish system
of land tenure wrongs and impoverishes
not only those who live by, and on the
land but all others In the community
as well. It roba not only the cultivators
of the soil, but. every other man of a
substantial portion of the hard-earned
fruits of his labor, no matter what may
be his trade or profession. In addition
to the Insecurity of his tenure, the tre
mendous taxes resulting from, the present
military o.perations of the "predominant
purtner" add grievously to the already al
most intolerable burdens of the people*—
and that la an AMlgned reason for ac
ci'li'iatoil emigration. Hut reasons are aa
plenty aa blackberries in season. Tim
radical evil Is the system of land tenure
which must be cured if tho proceaa of
depletion la to be arrested. It is a fair
land, but Its government lias been a
foul one. ¦BfeSSfi
Is a strong man and a fluent, forcible
speaker, practical, hard-headed, still act
ing in. most- imperial matters with the
Unionist or Government party, but sound .
on the land question. O'Donnell of Kerry
Is a typical representative of that ancient
"kingdom." He surprised the House on
one occasion with a speech in Gaelic, con- '
talnlng any quantity of covert treason.
He is a well-educated, ; clean-cut young*
man/ full to the brim of. authentic ltarn
lng of his country's history.' John Cul-
JUDGE J. V. OOITEY, together
- with his nephew, Jeremiah V.
Coffey, has returned recently
from a European trip, which included
a visit to Ireland.
The trip took in the principal cities
and much of the agricultural region.
Be brought back 'vivid impressions
of many j beautiful natural pictures.
.' Xillarney, . the Viand of endless
j«yaunce," is a region that particu
larly Impressed him, and the striking
fletort of the Upper Lake of Xillar
mj, reproduced on this page, is one
•f bis collection. It gives glimpses of ,
flM little islands covered with their
givwth of holly, ash, juniper and
aitortus. The brilliant green of the,
wmouiiding slopes must be imagined.
Th* ruined Abbey of Muckross is
kl Hh» same county. It is on the
i Wndk ww demesne, which belongs to
MBm Herberts. It is a modern building
M fh« Irish look upon it, having been
Wilt for the Franciscans in 1340 on
th* site of an "old" s church. . Tombs
of aaaient families— O'Sullivan,' Mac-''
¦ CtarChy, f O'Donoghue Mor— may* , be
seem inside \ the. churcb/. V, ' V , ¦
the castle ion' Boss Island is an
try-covered ruin which dates back
star centuries. One of the O'Donog
toes built it and as far back as 1652
1 ft was used as a fortress to hold out
1 against the Parliamentarians under
-.^These are only 'a few of the hun
dreds of points of interest noted by
judge Coffey in his tour of Ireland.
Furthermore, he has made a study of
existing 'conditions from the stand
point of a thinker and a student in
the broadest sense of the word. What
ke has to, say about that beautiful
•otmtry, about . the character of its
feople, about their socials and politi
cal conditions— in short, his shrewdly
fathered and carefully sifted impres
gtoais — are presented in the following
article and must be of the greatest
valn« to all those interested' in the
fciautiful and pathetic story of what
he calls that "fair land of fool gov
ernment." '""
{"p»HE Irish people are, as all the world
I .should know, hospitable and cordial
I to the point of, prodigality. Every
\| where one finds kindness and cheer
,,A .ful courtesy combined with : self
respect and spirit.' No matter how. poor
and lowly, the Irish have a manly sense
of personal character and proper pride,
that betoken capacity to enjoy that free
dom. to which they aspire and for which
they 'are fitting themselves and their chil-,
'dren by diligent application and self-'
denial. - . : \
No one who has studied the Irish char
acter, closely, can doubt their Innate com
petency to manage their own affairs; their
faculty for governing others has been,
illustrated in many foreign lands, and It
cannot rationally be disputed that intel
lectually and morally they have the
genius as they should have the power of
political self-government. -.With their
land and their language restored, they ;
may be allowed to stand alone to demon
strate their self-sustaining ability. ¦¦¦
Education. ; A
The schools of .Ireland are now offering
the study of the Irish, that is the Gaelic
language, lii their curriculum.
England is inclined to oppose this, but
the Irish are '.having their own way in the
matter. They offer a choice of several
languages, among them Gaelic. It is found
to be very generally elected. . ;\.'5 " ;
. The Gaelic tongue is the natural '/.ve-.
hide of expression for many thousands
of Irish people; entire sections, of the
country, particularly in the extreme west
and south, in 'the mountains and along
.the coast, speak no. other language than
that .' transmitted ¦ orally ;in its purity
from remote generations when; it was
the repository, of the '..learning , of the
schools, and the source or an erudite lit-;
;erature'.. i . , ¦ •
; -It is claimed .for , the Irish that they'
were the fosters of classical . as well as
common instruction when their neigh- \
boring islands were the abode of untut
ored savages, and certainly there is
abundant evidence preserved in the arch- .
ives of; antiquities in the national mu- •
seums to support their pretensibns. "The
ancient documents , and muniments of
title to consideration In this reject are
as numerous as they are curiousRuid In
teresting, not only to the antiquary, but
to ail who appreciate these rare relics
of a race that treasures the testimonies
of the times when Ireland was an inde
pendent nation, the center of liberal sci
ence, and fine art and the abode of many
forms of .industrial 'activity, being rich
in natural resources and blessed with a
fruitful soil and a prosperous population.
In the process -of centuries of oppres
sion arid persecution conditions changed ;
poverty , became the portion of the peo
ple and their opportunities for education
were diminished by means familiar to
most readers,* but their; desire wate never
destroyed. No matter how grievous their
burden of enforced ignorance, their ap
petite for knowledge has been ever acute.
In the renascence of the Irish language
throughout the island great hope is found
for the future, for as a nation's life is in !
her language, the genuine and general
revival /of its study and . the -intelligent
and ' persevering 'zeal | of its propaganda
afford ground for faith in the restoration
of Ireland's national Individuality.
man with the tact of a politician, in the
best sense; courageous and courteous, af
fable to all but yielding to none on a
point of principle, ever in his scat, vigi
lant and wary, perfectly equipped in par
liamentary tactics and forensic evolutions;
a handsome man withal, with a ruddy
countenance, the picture of good health,
enjoying the universal confidence of col
leagues and constituents. / .'•'.
With him constantly in'cordlal consulta
tion and . co-operation is : Jo'.in Dillon,
whose great experience and matured wis
dom are Invaluable in council and whose
cleverness in debate is the delight of his
own side and • the dread of the Govern
ment 1 benches. Redmond and Dillon are
esteemed as well as feared by the,ir oppo
nents. "
There are others in the Irish party wno
are entitled to the respect they commanil
frdm friend and foe. There are such men
as Swiff MacNeill, a high authority in law
and letters in Ireland and England, a rare
combination of suavity and strength, mag
netic in manner, whose hold on' his con
stituency is Impregnable. T. W. Russell
Representation in Parliament.
The representation of Ireland In Parlia- ,
ment is in better form than at any time
since the halcyon days of ParneJl, whose
memory is still green in the hearts of
Irishmen,, and whose* political principles
are sought to"; be perpetuated by his survi-
Ivors.' '" .'.''¦,¦¦ ; , ¦¦ '. -''"'¦ ''" -'
The Irish, party in the House of Com- .
mons is composed of unusually strong
men, averaging ability of' a high order,
ui der the leadership of John 'Redmond,
who possesses the qualities ; of a states-
TUB StHTOAT OAIA.
3
THE IRELAND OF TO-DAYThe Century Company has a number of
works of fiction on Its list for publication
In October, some of them by new writers.
One, already having a very large advance
eale through the trade. Is "Circumstance."
by Dr.;s. "Weir. Mitchell, a novel of mort
em life and character; which Is said to be
strong in plot and action, and havinrr in
It some of the Introspection- of Dr. Mit
chell's "Characteristics" and "Dr. North."
The popularity, of Dr. Mitchell's fiction
has led to the publication o.f a new and
! uniform -edition of'his eleven j novels.
Other; novels ; on | The Century. Cornpany'a
list ' are " "Mistress /Joy." by Grace Mc-
GOwan Cooke and 'Annie - Booth McKln
neyr.well-known newspaper writers in the
• South ,\who -have here written a romance
of the close of , the eighteenth ;century, in ;
which -"Aaron' Burr Is "a conspicuous char
acter; . "Mrs. . VWlgg's of .the Xabbage
Patch," " .' by : "Alice ,' Caldwell , l He^an of :
Louisville. Ky.— a pathetic - and [humorous
G. P. Putnam's Sons will, -with the be
ginning of the autumn, season, introduce
to American readers a new Russian au
thor. Dimitri Merejkowski. This author
has secured with his Russian public an
increasing repute for his trilogy of his
torical romances. The first ~Ts entitlfid
"The Death of the Gods." and has to do
witn the career of the Emperor Julian, the
Philosopher (whose earlier name In Chris
tian history v/as the Apostate).- The sec
ond romance, "The Resurrection of the
Gods." has for Its period the Renaissance,
and takes for its hero Leonardo da-Vlncl.
while the third. "The Anti-Christ," has
for its leading figure Peter the Great.
The "Death of the Gods" Is complete fn
Itself. It Is described by an English critic
as "possessing many of the qualities
which secured success for 'QuoVadls.' "
This critic writes: "It isas full of color
as 'Salammbo,' and secures as close an
Interest for its characters as 'Hypatla.'
The work re dramatic, simple arid schol
arly." - Mr. •Merejkowskl has. selected 'as
his representative for Europe and tho
United States Herbert Trench, sometime
fellow of All Souls* College. Oxford. Mr.
Trench has secured the sole authorization
for all English versions of Merejkowski.
His translation, of this first work ia de
scribed as "full of poetic charm and glow.
The narrative reads like an original piece
of work.": "The Death of the Gods" will
be. published early In October. The Eng
lish edition will bear the imprint of Arch
ibald Constable & Co.' * ¦¦ •
TyRI ANT> I— By Irving Bacheller. Xiothrop
Publishing Company. Boston. $1 SO.
WHEX THE LAND "WAS TOTJNO— By La
fayette McLaws. Lothrop Publishing Com
pany. Boston. $1 BO. .
THB LAWRENCE BTSTEM OT "VOCAI.
AND PHYSICAL EXPRESSION— By Edwtn
Gordon Lawrence. The Lawrenc* Publishing
Company. New Tork.
OLD GLORY— By Lulu Katherla* Sabank.
The Abbey Press. New Tcrtc It.
MONSIEUR PAUL DE FERE— By Anthony
E. Willis. The Abbey Press. New York. 8.
EVERYDAY CHILDREN— By May C. Env
xnel. The Abbey Press. New York. BO cents.
JONAS BRAND— Bjr Jan» Valentin*. Th«
Abbey Press. New Tork.
THE NEW SWTS3 FAMILY ROBINSON—
By Helen Poxneroy. The Abbey Press. N«w
York. II.
THB ARICKARET3 TREASURE—By Albert
G. Clark- Jr. The Abbey Pre»«. New York. H.
THE GOLDEN TOOTH— By J. Maclaren
Cobban. F. M. Buckles A Co.. New York.
»1 25. -».-.''
TOLD BY TWO— By Marts St. Fair*. M. A.
Donohue 4 Co.. Chicago. In paper. 80 centa.
THE LIFE OF DAN RICE— By Maria Ward
•Bwwrn. Published by the author. Long Branch.
N. J. Price $3.
FOMA GORDYEEFF— By Maxim Oortr.
Translated directly from the Russian by Isabel
Florence Hapsood. Charles Scribner** Sona,
New York. tV -
JACK MORGAN— By "W". O. Btoddart. Lo
throp Publishing Company. Boston, tl 25..
PAULINE— By Pansy. Lothrop Publishing
Company. Boston. $1 50.
PAUL TRAVERS* ADVENTURES— By Sam
uel Travers Clover. Lothrop . Publishing Com-
X any. Boston. $125.
, HOW THEY SUCCEEDED— By Orison Swrtt
Mard-?n. Lothrop Publishing: Company, Bos
ton. $1 50. -
UNDER THE ALLIED FLAGS— By El bride*
S. Brooks. Lothrop Publishing Company. Boa
ton, n :5.
Books Received.
The Critic, which has made a specialty
of exnloltlng Russian novelists, has a
critical sketch of Dlmitri Merejkowskl. by
Herbert Trench, in Its September number.
Merejkowskl ' !s thought by those who
know best to be the equal of Slenkiewicz.
A feature of the September issue Is an
•exhaustive account of the rise and fall of
the comic paper in America, by William
Henry Shelton. The article is illustrated
with rare reproductions from original
sources and is both instructing and amus
ing. . The frontispiece of this number is
the most j striking of the many striking
portraits of Tolstoi ever printed. We ven
ture to say that it will find its way into
many a frame.
A Carolina Cavalier.
A historical novel of more than average
merit Is "A Carolina Cavalier," by George
Cary Eggleston. Its scene is ' laid In the
Carollnas during the time when the in
habitants of the colonies were . winning
freedom from the supremacy of- Great
Britain. The* events which took place in
America at this time, stirring as they are,
are not. made the point of greatest inter
est In, the present story.
: The author has chosen to; rely 'for; the
. chief Interest of the romance upon the ad
ventures of ' a young ¦ Carollnan. .- Roger
Alton, who throws himself heart and soul
into. the struggle which hls.country makes
to gain Independence, * and whose efforts
in behalf of his country are, all the" great
er for being seconded by those of the
woman he loves. ¦ - .
Alton has been educated In England. He
is still i at Oxford when - the '. colonies de
clare themselves a nation. I Hastening : to
ward America to join the patriot forces,
' he reaches the Bahamas and there Is de
tained by .'the'.' difficulty of crossing to, the
American continent , without being cap
tured br the British." J ' . '
Finally V he succeeds In purchasing ;'a
Bmall. sailing vessel, ostensibly for. the
purpose of cruising about the. islands on a
fishing expedition, but .really in order to
make his way to the coast of Carolina" and
land ¦ near Alton' House.'- Just • before ; he
starts on his voyage he Is . Joined , by r a
stranger, who offers to take the boat in
safety to America. • '. *¦;¦¦'¦
This man, whom Alton accepts as a'fel
low-traveler, upon arriving in ;' America .
disappears, only to reappear several times
at critical moments .and aid Alton, and
at : last , to be '•- discovered as [ the "father of
the girl whom Alton loves, who Is. a man
whom disgrace has driven ' in t o ebneeai-
IRVZ2CG BACHELLER has enriched
the world of literature by another
work of sterling fiction that possesses
many of the tune qualities that made
his "Eben Holden" one of the most-talk
ed-of books of last season. "D'ri and I,"
which has been appearing serially in the
Century for the past year.' Is now pre
sented by the Lothrop Publishing Com
pany of Boston in most artistic book
form. The binding of the present volume
Is similar to that of "Eben Holden." pub
lished by the same firm, but has a charm-
Ing addition In the way of illustrations In.
soft color tints by F. C. Yohn.
"D'ri and I" tells a Btory of the War
of lSli as It became a part of the lives of
the natives of the far North Country— tho
Yankees and the loyal French-Americans.
It is the country that Mr. Bacheller loves
and whose Bcenery and people he de
scribes so well.
D'ri, a contraction for Darius, Is an
other dear old "Uncle Eb," but a man
younger in years and thrown in the midst
of a life of adventure. The story is told
by the hero. Ramon Bell, who rises to
the rank of captain as time goes on. He.
and D'rl are inseparable.
In the beginning we have & little of the
North Country ]\t e • among j the pioneers
In the Valley of the 8t. Lawrence— and
a charming glimpse it is. too. .None knows
better than Mr. Bacheller how to t paint
the life of the people in homespun with
their quaint sayings and straightforward
¦ways. •,'
The scene shifts and we soon find the
hero and faithful D'ri fighting for the flag
and for liberty. Their adventures are as
numerous and varied as those of tho
Three Musketeers.
At one time they., put to flight a' troop
of British cavalry by training a fire hose
on then from the roof. of a tavern. At
another they win again by the strategy
of stirring up an Immense swarm of half
tamed wasps. They do this while the
British at early dawn are surrounding the
house. From the -windows the Americans,
take long poles and start the Insects on
the warpath and then quietly close the
Bashes and leave the wasps to do the
fighting. The result Is all that could be
desired.
Btill D'ri and Ramon cannot always win
by guile: but on the fair field they are
both all that the reader of historical nov
els could wish. D'ri Is a giant In strength
and always strives in time to help those
who need his help the most. Ramon is a
marvel at all feats of arms and in sword
play bests one of the finest swordsmen of
England and kills him during a skirmish.
in the woods.
The excitement of battle Is relieved by
a charming bit of lovemaklng . that . runs
through the tale.
Ramon falls In love with two beautiful
Bisters— French girls of noble blood. The
matter Is Btill further complicated by the
fact that both girls love him, and it is
only In the last few pages that Mr. Bach
eller relieves the suspense and brings the
hero to the reader's way of thinking.
There Is a plot and counter plot and In
any hands less skillful than Mr. Bach
eller's It would seem that. Ramon at times
has but the most forlorn hope of ever win
ning one of the fair maids where at first
h!s success seems so certain.
The girls are captured by the English,
and a certain Lord Ronley, who Is the -«ol
lshed villain to perfection, takes a decided
liking to one of them. To add to the trou
ble D'ri and Ramon fall into the hands of
bis Lordship's men and Ramon Is recog
nized as the man who slew Ronley's friend
in the fight in the woods.
Ronley cannot believe that this youth
could have killed his man in fair fight, for
the dead Englishman -was considered the
best swordsman in the -whole army, so it
Is decided to put Ramon to the test for
his courage and for bis swordsmanship.
He and D'rl are taken in hand by a secret
order to be put through the severe trials.
D'ri slips from his pursuers and hides in
a greased chute, where he holds on by his
hands to keep from sliding, and with his
eye glued to a knothole sees Ramon go
through the ordeal of the sword.-
Ramon defeats all come,* and finally,
watching his opportunity, succeeds in
clapping the face *of Lord Ronley, calls
him a coward and so enrages his Lordship
that they begin a fight to the death. , .
The description of this fight is told in
D'ri's own words and Is one of the most
thrilling passages In the . many hair
breadth escapes the pair meet. Ronley,
though a villain, is not a coward, and al
most proves himself the better man :with
the sword, but Ramon Is more than a
master of the art of fence and finally
gives his opponent a severe wound.
D'rt sees them bear his comrade away
and finally hears them at the top of the
chute about to throw his body down the
elide. D'ri Immediately releases his hold
on the sides and away he goes at train
like speed until he feels himself leave the
rreased slide, shoot far. out into the. air
and then fall a frightful distance into the
water below. Ramon follows him and
would drown, he is so exhausted from his
6word play, were It not for the timely as^
-Blstance of his old chum.
This slide is bo arranged that had the
men feared for their lives and clung t to
the sides their bodies would not have had
enough Impetus to have cleared the rocks
which Jutted out over the' edee of the
water into which they felL As'lt was,
they went eo fast that they. were thrown
far out Into deep water and by swimminz
T"iiTiT>'~iiW'rirft>in iMiMMi nx mail jLhuu -
-For some time Rufus Rockwell "Wilson,
author of "Rambles In Colonial Byways"
and other books of a semi-historical char
acter, has been employed upon a work to
be entitled "Washington: the Federal
City," and this work, to be issued in two
volumes, Is now in press with the J. B.
Llppincott Company. Mr. Wilson's treat
ment of the subject should give to his
writing a wide Interest. He treats of men
quite as much as of events, and the close
relations between the history of the Fed
eral capital and the history of the country
should give the book s. national aspect.
/Orison Bwett Marden, editor of Success,
whose books have, reached a total sale of
over 100,000 volumes, has in preparation a
new ; . book ..entitled "Talks With Great
"Workers,"-' illustrated with ¦ portraits of
Schwab, Depew, Lipton, Sage and others.
The book will be published in the fall by
Thomas Y. Crowell & Co. U, ( *-,"'
The Cruise of the Petrel.
. "The Cruise of the Petrel," by T. : Jen- '
kins Halnes, Is a bright, stirring tale of
the sea.:. Its scene is laid' during: the war.
of 1812 andjts;hero, John-Heywoodris a"
young man (whose .fortunes \l«ad him &H
take part in some of the exciting . events^
of those troublous times.' •Heywood.lina/
great desire to go to sea, becomes a stow-,
away .'on 'a whaling? ship, the Petrel, which"
starts : from New , York for - a I voyage to
the South Atlantic. Hey wood is allowed
to Join the crew. . Through . the ! collusion
of the captain of the. vessel and another
man the ship becomes; a privateer and ;
Heywood and the other sailors are com
pelled to aid in plundering English,mer
chantmen. Finally the' Petrel Is': herself
captured, but' before ' the ¦ Americans i can
be summarily dealt with this English ship
is In turn captured by- the American frig
ate Essex. -.'. Heywood Is on. board the Es
sex when the frigate suffers defeat in a
memorable fight with British men-of-war
in Valparaiso harbor. Heywood \ at last
makes bis way back to -America and
after securing, the berth of first officer on
board a large coasting vessel; bids the
hood and education of the King; Alfred's
wars;; Alfred in religion; Alfred- as.a law
giver.;^ Alfred as flh educator;. Alfred as a
write^:ja summary of the reign ; the death
of the vKing.;-' \ - r \j- 'J < ¦ -$&&. f- :.;- -
M The Book of Genesis.
'. M Llke'a''h'uge cube of f, cut 'by
some giant 'of old,' . the Book ¦ of ; Genesis
has resisted -all the attacks, of time.": /-It
has been' overturned again' and 'again, but
It ; makes 5 little difference i which face Is
uppermost— It Is, still grand, solid,- impos
ing. If this great block has been set for
centuries ' in the path of progress to dis
courage investigation and to ruin -science,
that is no*t the fault of the ; block .itself
but of the pygmies who placed Itthere."
; Those who demand a reconciliation be
tween science and the teaching's. of the
church and those who dread the encroach
ments of science upon the Sacred \Word
wlirallke find assurance 'and support in
Dr. Worcester's study of yThe Book 'of
Genesis' in. the" Light of Foreign Knowl
edge," published by McClure, Phillips &
terest; to those Interested in. vthe. drama
and actors. Many of the. essays appeared
over tin 'years ago,' so' the general' reader
may not find : .them'. particularly -tp' his lik
ing, i ,fHarrison^ Grey £•? Fiske ~-. write j^ the
preface, Edgar . S. ' "Werner the Introduc
tion and James A. Waldron the prologue.
The Fourth -Estate. 1
\ Those who read with- pleasure last year
the translation of" "The Joy of Captain
Ribot,", by A.. Palaclo Valdes, will be
somewhat disappointed with • a new' r. ovel
by that author entitled ''The Fourth Es,
tate." : Unlike it3 predecessor,' the present
story Is lacking in. wholesome optimism,
although it displays the ..charm .'of style
and j the fidelity of portraiture which is
pre-eminently characteristic of the work
of Valdes.'. "¦' V . ¦ • ¦
Tho theme of the story is not especially
pleasant. It is. the troubles. Incurred by
a. man of wealth; Don Rosendo de Belln
chan.'.who seeks' to aid his fellow-towns
men, and.incldentally to direct their af
fairs, by publishing a newspaper in which
"The Century Book for Mothers," which
Is designed to.be "a practical guide In the
rearing of healthy children," will soon be
Issued by ' the Century j Company. The
authors are Dr. Leroy. 'II. Yale and Guv
tavPollak,; both : of, them well known In
connection _with the, magazine Babyhood.
The bool^ Is practically exhaustive, and a
thorough.. index . makes.lt doubly useful.
IRVING vSSCHEWtSR^
The series of volumes by Tale professors
now publishing in connection with the bi
centennial annivtrsary of Yale Univer
sity, is to, appear also in England. The
Scribners are . the American publishers;
the London' publisher Is Edward Arnold,
a nephew of the poet and an enterprising
young publisher of books of the more sub
stantial sort. _'
The World's Work for September con
tains the strikingly interesting story of
one of the most notable achievements
American Industry has ever accomplished
How the famous Gokteik viaduct waa
built near Mandalay. of Amertcan-mada
material, according to an American esti
mate, by an American company, is told
by J C Turk, who was the engineer in
charge of the construction, and the ar
ticle is finely Illustrated by photographs
taken In India by the author. And^the
magazine has many other Interesting fea
tures. To lovers of country life and tho
growing of plants and fruits two articles,
one about the Arnold Arboretum, by Syl
vester Baxter, and the other concerning
Luther Burbank and bis remarkable ex
periments, by Liberty H. Bailey, both
handsomely illustrated, will appeal to
lovers of outdoor work. William H. Hunt
writes of the condition of civil govern-,
ment in Porto Rico.- and there Is a. da-.
Bcriptlon of the famous Journey of th»
Philippine Commission In establishing
civil government. Two intimate charac-.
ter studies, one of Frederick X>. Tappen..
by "William Justus Boies, and another oC
Emerson McMlllin, by Arthur Goodrich,
give a view of the personal as well as the
business side of the well-known banker
and the man who nas reivolutlonized th»
gas business. There are articles on "Finan
cing Trusts"— how the underwriting syn
dicates work-by B. J. Edwards; on
"Saving Boys From Crime'*— the success
ful parole system— by LKHe Hamilton
French; on the new pare-printlng tele
graph, by Maximilian Foster, and about
the Porto Rlcan Seal, by Francis E.
I^eupp. An anonymous writer fcavs • some
thing to say about the treatment publish
ers accord new writers, and M. B. Corse
tells how to save magazine literature.
The March of Events treats many timely
topics and Includes a. statement ¦ from
Postmaster General Smith about the new
second class mall law, and in Among tha
"World's Workers there are short articles
about the by-products of oil. uses of con
crete, a novel apprentice system. Uoyds.
new inventions and many other examples
of industrial progress. •'•. ?
Liippincott's Magazine in Its August
number published a novel by a new writer
under the title "The Lifting of a Finger."
The author, Mrs.' Ina Brevoort Roberts,
is a New Yorker, and this, her first long
story, will be put in covers by. the J. B.
Llppincott Company during the fail. Mrs.
Roberts states that it is her intention to
follow up this novel with other work In
the line of character study.
Literary Notes.
"In His Own Image." by Frederick
Baron Coryo, Is - a collection of Itai
lan folk stories supposed to be related
by the Italian servant of an Englishman
residing in Italy to his master. The stories
are of fair Interest and are told with a
certain degree of charm. The fact that
some of them first appeared in "The Yel
low Book" may be a hint to read them or
to avoid them, according to one's taste.
(Published by John Lane, London and
New Ycrk.)
In His Own Image.
Rational livestock Association.
The . fourth . annual . report I of the Na
tional-Livestock Association,'- comprising
the proceedings of the annual convention'
at Salt Lake City, .Utah, last . Janjlary,
and the work of the association for last
year, has just been- Issued and Is being
distributed to the members of the associa
tion. Each delegate receives a copy _ of
the report, and It will: be sent free to any
stockman In the country who t wlll send 25
cents to Charles F. Martin, secretary. , 211
Quincy building, Denver, -Colo., to. pay
postage. The book is handsomely bound in.
Eilk cloth and consists of about 650 pages
on handsome plate paper, .Illustrated with
portraits _^ of those who ' took; part In the
last great convention, and containing the
valuable ; papers delivered.' as. well "as the
verbatim report of the Interesting discus
sions. The stockman of to-day requires
Just three books in his library. • He should
have the "Year Bopk" of the Department
of Agriculture, the annual -report of the
Bureau of Animal Industry, and add to
these the annual report of the National
Livestock Association and: the library Is
complete. The two "Washington reports
convey fully, all the work being .'done by
the Government, and the National Asso
ciation report shows what .the stockmen
are doing for themselves. .If these annual
reports were all that the stockmen got: for ,
their membership in the National ABsocla
tion. they, might consider themselves well
repaid for the outlay." ~ In some respects
the last publication of the National Asso
ciation is the most Interesting of any yet
Bent out. i Those . who have had a ''mixed
understanding -of the work being done by;
the association. should read the fourth an
nual report and be enlightened. . -. '
Captain Hawkins, hot to his toes with anger,
took 1 D'ri to headquarters. General Brown
laughed heartily when he heard the facts, and
told D'rl he was made of the right stuff.
"These greenhorns are not nice to play with,"
he said. "They're' like some- guns— loaded
when you. don't expect It We've had enough
skylarking."
And when the sick man came out of the hos
pital he went to the guardhouse. ; ¦ '
ashore managed to make. good their es
cape.- > .
After their land adventures they. have
some spirited fighting by sea under no
less a command than that of the great
Perry, whose blue battle-flag reads,
"Don't give ' up the ship." This great
sea Ugh* where Perry wins against odds
Is described with characteristic and slm.
'ple force. , 7
The most Interesting character of the
book' la, of course, D*rl He Is so orig
inal, so droll, so stanch; and, though so
humble, yet so noble. To those who
know him not he may seem blunt of,
sense, but they soon find that he is the
sharpest of them alL One Incident will^
serve to illlustrate his peculiar humor
all his own. ' . ' ~ • »•¦
When D*rl first «»B»*«' 1I i** hd 1 a « liy 4 t J*
boys are proneyto have their little Joke ;
with the north, countryman, who seema^
so raw. soihey put up a -plot, to have.
him^tand Vard duty without telling
him of the matter ot countersigns, and
expect to- have ,the laugh pn^Um _by
Sally capturing his gun. • As It is, DM
comoi very near capturlnf. the whoU
reciment. •".¦'¦': • '• -• ¦'
mmmm
"VSTwiat to him port a llttl* after ""J*?^-
I/rt. He stood with hU run «*»J««- . ru let
"Com* another step." tiM be, an TU let,
O ?hSrStw lt be t SaSllW W-too^ l sun..
.^cSi. tofard^ne at a^ tUn< ' "WJf.^
••Dron yer Kuna n' set down. i« 1OOK urea.
™?ey did S he commanded, for they could i«.
he meant buBlnesa. and they knew, he had th*
rlsht to kUl. ' -• ¦ ;
Another man came along snoruy. ; .¦
»HaUt Who oomea thereT' D'rl demaaoed^
"Friend with the counterBlgn,' b* replied.
"Can't fool mo."-BaldiD'ri. "Come »up her*
•n' iet down *n' mek ycrself to" hum. Drop yer
run fuet. Drop It, er I'll drop you.* _ •
He dropped his gun promptly and, accepted
the invitation to alt down.' This last man had
eome arguments to offer, but D'rl stood sternly
and made no reply. ; ' : ..
At U o'clock Captain Hawklna e«nt out ln
oulrlea for tho sergeant of the guard and ma
relief Ho could ¦ find nobody who- had seen
them'since dark. A corporal was also missing.
The captain -sent a man to look for them. He
cot as far as D'rl and sat down. They waited
for him In vain. The captain stood looking: Into
the darkness and wondering about his men. He
conferred with Adjutant Church. Then he Bet
out with two men to go the rounds. They got
as far as D'rl. ' - • .' -
"Halt! Who cornea there V he demanded. .
"Grand rounds," was the answer of the cap
tain.
"Lay down yer arms," said D'rl, "an come
W here 'n' set down."
"Haven't time." said the captain. faJHnr at
first to exaep the situation. ' :
"You tek time, er I'll put a hole *n' : yer
Jacket," said D'rl.
One of the privates .turned quickly and ran.
D'rl sent a shot after him that only 'graced- a'
leg and he kept on. Then D'rl gave all atten
tion to hla new prisoners. They could see no
amusement In dodging bullets; they threw their
arms on the hillside and sat down with. th«
others. . • ' ' /. A .
The captain swore as be submitted. ¦ -
"Don't rile yerself,". said D'rl; "you, need.
"No I don't, nuther." ' said the captain.
"Ye 'u hev t' hev It, anyway," said D'rl.
"This beats h— J" the captain answered, witi
a laugh. ' * .j: — . -\* ¦¦-,'
A. feeling of alarm began to spread. The ad
jutant was standing In a group of men at head- '
quarters coon after midnight. They were ears
under In the mystery. The escaped eoldier came
running toward them out of the dark.. He was
breathing heavily; his leg was bleeding and
core. ' i ' ¦ . ' -:
••Wall, what Is ltT" the adjutant demanded.
"D'rl!" the man gasped and dropped down
exhausted.
"D'rl?" the officer inquired. ;
"D'rl!" the man repeated. "It's thet air man
they call D'rl. He's 'roped In everybody thet a
come this way. They're all settjn'. on the hill !
up there beside him. Won't let a man move
when he gits him."
* The adjutant pnlckered as he spat an oath.
He was made ot Iron, that man Church.
"Post a guard around him," said he, turn-'
Ing to an officer. "The dem fool'd tek the hull
garrison ef we didn't. I'll go 'n* try t' pull
him off his perch."
"He'll lay ye up." aaid the returned prl
rate, baring his bloody leg. "Eft* ye try t'
fool with him ye' 11 limp. See what he done .
f me."
The adjutant swore again. *
"Go f the hospital." he commanded.
Then he strode away, but he did not return
that night.
The moon wan shining as the adjutant cam*
in sight and hailed the group of prisoners.
"¦What ye settln' there ferT" he shouted.
"You" 11 know'n a minute," said one of
them. • .
"Halt! Who comes there V* D'rl demanded.
"Friend with "
"Don't ye purten* t' b« my friend." D'rl
answered. " 'T won't work. Come up - her*
•n f set down." . ,; -
"Stop foolln", man." said the adjutant. ¦
"I ain't a-foolin'." -
"He ain't a-foolln'; he means business."
said one of the prisoners. - ; -
"Don't ye tamper with -me. I'll teaca
you " the adjutant threatened. .'•'.••
"Ain't a-goln' t' tamper with ye a minute,"
said D'ri. "If ye don't set down here quick,
I'll put .a hole in ye."
"Lunatic! ; Wha* d'ye mean?" .¦ -
"I mean f turn ye out t" grass a leetl*
while." D'rl answered, soberly. VYe look
tired." . .
The officer made at him, but In a ' flash
D'rl bad knocked him down with his mus
ket. The adjutant . rose, and, with an oath,
Joln»i the ' others. -
"Dunno but he'll tek the hull garrison 'fora
sunrise," -he muttered. "Let 'em come— might :
es well hev comp'ny." : . •
A little before daylight a man sick in the
hospital explained the situation. He had given
D'ri his orders. They brought him out on a
stretcher. The orders were rescinded, the pris
oners released. • . ¦
These four books are similar In style
and are published, by The Abbey Press
of New York. Price 60 cents each.
"Cat Tales in Verso," by Elliot Walter,
is a ' collection of rhymes every on* of
which sings a strain In the life of some
tabby or ' tomcat. . The verses are bright
and catchy.
"How Tommy Was Cured of Crying."
by Gertrude Mitchell "Waite. makes a lot
of fun in verse - for the little " ones . and
quietly preaches a bit of a lesson as well.
For many years Mrs. Walte was a pri
mary teacher and so understands the
childish mind.
"Cupid 'In Grandma's Garden/* by Mrs.
David O. Paige.- Is a clever bit of vers«
depleting the flowers hard hit by Cupid's
arrows.,. The discord that follows demands
the expulsion of Cupid in disgrace.
"Tabby's Defense'." by Harriet Elliot. Is
the autobiography of a cat told In simple
language with a view to enlisting the
sympathy of children on- behalf . of ani
mals. .The book Is Illustrated with line
drawings.
Various • Verse.
ment. but who spends the last few years
of his life in fighting for his native land.
Upon reaching his home Alton finds his
father and his nearest friends ready to
give life and fortune to aid the struggle
for freedom. Alton organized a band of
courageous men. and with them rides up
and down" the country j striking a blow at
the British "wherever he can and; helping
to keep the Tories, through fear, from giv
ing aid to the British. ; I; ;
'Alton has gained the love of a daugh
ter of a neighbor of his -family, a girl
whose nobility, and courage make her, too,
play,, a heroic, part "in behalf of her.coun
try ; when j the need of action ; comes. -
Alton has a charming sister,' as patriotlo
as he. She Is loved by a friend of Alton's,
Charles Barnegal. \ Barnegal, /after ; the
outbreak of hostilities, comes near losing
friends and fortune through' the machina
tions of his uncle, a Tory, and the villain
of 'the story.C At last, however, by the
time the British- have been defeated,
everything turns out well for I Barnegal,
Alton and their friends. (Published by the
Lothrop Publishing Company, Boston.
Price, $1M.)^; -\ i; '.'¦¦: '-¦ '¦ -.-, ;.
A re-view .of recent and forthcomiTt*
books brings to light a noteworthy fac
ramely. that literary genius, like «"«£
other things, seems to be possessed wltn
the 'splrlf of "Westward ho!" The. pub
lications of McClure. Phillips & Co., which
hav© been popular during the recent
months and those which give promise ot
becoming so, offer, perhaps the beat ex
ample. To start with the far TVest. thers
Is Jack London, the author of those »«"")*
northland stories, born and raised in
California and educated all the way up
and down the western coast of cm <*>£"'
nent. In the same State Stewart Ed-'
wa-d White, the author of "Th« Western
ers." spent a portion of his boyhood. «•
was bom. however. In Michigan and re
ceived the greater part of his «*icatlcm
there, being a graduate of the m*™*™*:
H« ia still a citizen of tho great West to
the irtdeat sons© of this statement.
Chicago adds two names to th» list*.
Edith Wyatt, who wrote "Kverv One His
Orm "Way." s, collection o-' short stories
which Joel Chandler Harris says have
long been waiting for some one to write
them, and L K. Friedman, whose timely
novel of the steel Industry will be ready
early In September. Mr. Friedman Is
also a graduate of th« TJnKerslty ot
Michigan, as Is llketr-3 W. XL Bputfmaa.
whose "Lovers of the Woods" Is one of
th* recent additions to our Utaratare o*
nator* . Henry Somervllle, the author of
"Jack Racer," another n#w novel. Is an
Ohio man by Mrth and residence. Booth
TarMngton. made famous by his •Ttoo
sleurBeVLUcalre.** claims India**, as his
native State. We must recur once more
to Michigan, which seems to be a rlrsi
of Indiana In a literary way. to mention
WimarnD. Holbert. the writer of animal
stories, who on account of poor health
who came at the agt> of 14 irom <^£°™£
to Michigan, where he school.
The Rev Cyrus Townsend Brad-, wno is
2£dX S™ ories of belligerent history
moved, or rather was moved to Kan sas
at the age of 10 and for over half his Ufa
has called the West Wshome. .
Here we l.ave ten writers more or ies»
closely connected with the y-«. Tj?"?
works have been or will be
within a single year by one flrm-McClure.
PhllUps & Co. Moreover, they ¦»•*»•
with one exception. In the- field of nctton.
Of these nine products of the Imagination
six have Western settings.
Now the question arises Is the West
•vfcaxing romantic? . ,
Ventura Is vain, selfish and fickle. Aft^r
a while she tires of the love of her hus
band,, and finally consoles j herself with
that of another man. It is this scane-.l
In the home of -Don Rosendo which his
, spreads abroad through the me
dium of his paper. The .publication of It
brings affairs to a climax and over
whelms Rosendo .with sorrow and shame.
(Published by Brentano, New York.)
; Don: Rosendo has : a daughter. Cecilia,
a noble girt, but; not beautiful. She Is
betrothed to a young sailor, who at the
end of one of his voyages meets Cecilia's
young sister, Ventura, who has grown
into a most .beautiful woman. Ventura
succeeds In turning the young man's love
from her sister to herself, and then mar
ries him: .;.'¦;-; J-:::'-'-""- \l "
he voices the patriotic sentiments which
Inspire him. Don Rbsendo has in Barrio,
the town in which he lives, an enemy who
also begins the publication -of a paper.
The two enemies at first content them
selves with . ' criticizing the political
opinions of _ each other, but eventually
descend ; to personal - abuse of; the "- most
flagrant kind, which has a 'disastrous ef
. feet upon the happiness of Don Rosendo' s
•family. - • •' .• ¦ •. \ : : -/ '¦; •• ¦_.¦ ¦¦¦ \
little story which "will make a potml"
Christina* book: "An Oklohama Ro
mance," by Helen Churchill Candee— «
timely story of a love affair complicated
with a land claim;" and "Tom Beauling."
a romance of to-day, by Gouverneur Mor
ris of New Tork-a book which Is said to
be remarkable for Its humor and vivacity.
Each of these four novels Is the first Its
author has written. In addition to them*
the same house will Issue "God Save th«
King." a story ot the time of C* a J lc 4 *"'
by Ronald MacDonald. author of *Ths
Pwordof the King," In the dramatization
of which Julia M«orlowe Is soon to appear.
reader farewell.' ; O>ublished by. McClura,
Phillips & Co., New York. Price, $!»>•)
Tho Story of Kin* Alfred.
Tn their "Library of Useful Stories** D.
Appleton & Co. have 'published a, life of
King Alfred by Sir Walter Besant that
will prove a valuable addition to the other
excellent works •. of that series. These
books are published , at the nominal sum
of 86 cents with the avowed Intention of
making them popular, and,',, as ' the pub-.
Ushers state, it Is their Idea to have this
"a series of little books dealing with vari
ous branches . of useful knowledge, and
treating each subject in clear, j concise
language, as free as possible from tech
nical ' words and phrases, by writers , of
authority In their various spheres." ".
In 'the present volume, which Is com
plete In itself, the author, after a brief
Introduction, explains how the authori
ties on King Alfred are tested. He then
gives the ' genealogy of Alfred and his
descendants. Following, this he writes of
England of the ninth century; tho chlld-
Co. .The author examines the points chief
ly disputed : and : demonstrates that it Is
possible to ' reverence the* Book of Genesis
without being: slavishly bound to a literal
acceptance of what was written poetically
and figuratively. On tha" other hand, he
does not try to prove that ©very statement
of Genesis is In ; complete agreement with
the results of recent scientific Investiga
tion. "I gladly leave that task,", bft
writes, "to those who are sufficiently Ig
norant both of science and of Genesis."
Price J3. * .^ '. -
( Acting and Actors.
: D. ; Appleton & Co. of New -Tork hav»
Just published a second edition, with sup
plement, of Alfred Ayres* book, "Acting
and Actors, Elocution and Elocutionists."
This volume comprises a 'great 'number of
essays about theatrical people • and tho
stage. All of these papers have been pub
lished before in various periodicals, but
now, appearing as they do in ' convenient
book form, they cannot fail to be" of in-
the 'sunt>at ioALii; ;
4
Writers
of book
The Books Reviewed
ON THIS PAGE
Can Be Obtained at
ROBERTSON'S,
426 POST STREET,
1XS FRAX CISCO.
Prices are always in the
•; Reading Notices.-
A.M. ROBERTSON.
H 65.OOO SOLD BEFORE PUBLICATION S
§j| |^ ' t^ m^ •' • ¦• •¦ • ~" ®
IB y I R V ING B A C HE L L E R. jg
Author of EBEN HOLDEN p
Illustrated b> IV C. YOHN §J
S . D f RI AND I is declared by competent critics a story of MAS- S§
H TERLY STRENGTH and ANOTHER TRIBUTE to the |t
g| AMERICAN character and people. It is a worthy successor to fig
|g "Eben Holden/' the first great character creation of this Author. §5
OS BOUND IN RED SILK CLOTH, UlUSTRATED COVER, GUT TOP. PRICE $1.50 -B^
H LOTHROP PUBLISHING COMPANY. BOSTON' lone* undressing.'.' Y • , ' •£ ' '. ''¦'
One m/useKecper graciously offered Mr.
• Bunte a: leneer candle. - - ¦ [£.' •
."Now, tlitW Shaver, take the light and
lead the way/' • . . . .,- :
• "I think' > «*> r d" best > go •• first. ; retorted
the boy. "I'll toiler, "iou're the oldest.".
1': '.'How can 1 lead; when I don't know th*;
»'¦ - V- '*¦' * ¦,.:':..••'• '¦' .:' ¦ '* */
"Well,- iM' go first,", said the boy, "you
walk'dose artcr me, and breathe hard,'
ithat'lmay hear : you..at my; heels/' ¦ ; '
>¦ Silence- had settled down over the old,
manor' house. "¦" All .had retired r - to '.their
• rocms.'aml as Homer would have said, all
the ways (i e.,.the passages) were dark
¦ eiied. * : •.'•¦¦' ¦ « ' : • •. - '-'".¦¦•
•" Most of the\household and visitors had
retreated | into bed, and many, fagged out
¦ with .'danclnp; had r fallen asleep. ; ; p
~ But in the green- bedroom sat*Aunt Ellsa
"and her niece,' Janie : Smith— not Smythe, ;
for. she belonged to a branch of the fam
'ily; that "had- not 'blossomed into -"county
, gentry.- ..• ,-;v .-.-¦• 1^ .",-•:¦ ' '¦ ''-.-'. ; '- : ,*-: :.¦:,.
¦ '.'Auntie,"- said Janie, who was unclothed,
/and- wore a white dressing gown, "let us.
• sittby the-flreand have a talk.' 4 For my
part.-I am not a bit tired.", ". . , -, -
, "Well, my.dear, I dp not mind two min-'
utes. -I like to'warm my feet'before retir- 1
•.ing s between - the " sheets. ,-.. As you ; see, > I
always -wear: bed ..socks,/, even: in 1 summer." •'
1 "Aunt'Eliza' was a* stout,- elderly laciy,*
with' -a*; good-naturedr .flbrid- face.:. She'
. wore as night cap i when she. went, to- bed '
"an article that is now 'almost,' if not en
! tirely/out'Of; fashion.'-' But'Aunt Eliza be
longed, to ithe old w»rld. and could not ac
• commodate.: herself to new, fangled ; wayB.
was sure; she "would catch, cold if j she
j slept out ' of« her^ night.- cap.' She also was*
: divested of her -manifold; garments, -but
(Copyright tn the United States o2
' America by D. T. Pierce.)
THE family of Fungus-Smythe was
settled in B— shire. Mr. Smith had
mad* a fortur* In business In the
north and desired to acquire a po
sition in the south, away from the
Boil of trade, as a country gentleman. He
hfcd purchased an ancient manor house of
Elizabethan architecture and trusted to
beirg absorbed into» the exclusive class
of county people. But the county people,
as a class, .ire suspicious and not expan
sive; and to obtain recognition It behooves
the new comer to pay his footing. H*
mu«t give shooting parties for the gentle
men and balls for the ladies.
At the same time that Mr. Smith ac
quired Beaumanoir Hall he assumed his
mother's name of Fungus, which he added
to his own. to differentiate himself from
other Smiths and to further emphasize
his rise In the social scale, h* converted
his plain Smith Into Smythe. But when
It is said that Mr. Smith did this it must
not be supposed that the prompting spirit
lay within his ample breast. It was Mrs.
Smith who was ambitious and endeavored
to obliterate the traces or trail that led
from the mill In Lancashire to Beauman
oir In B—ehire. Mr. Smith himself was a
blunt, straightforward, worthy English
man, who detested humbug, but was in
such aw*>. of tha aspiring and domineering
senlus of Mrs. Smith that he fell in with
her views and acted as she dictated.
Life is made up of compromises and
the largest amount are arrived at in do
mestic life. Mrs. Smith had desired an
entire abandonment of the name ol Smith
and the adoption of a very high-sounding
one to which eh* or her husband had no
manner of claim.
A great ball was to b* given at Beeuu
manoir to celebrate the coming of age of
"the young squire," as Mrs. Fungus-
Smythe always now designated her son.
It really was surprising how many
county people called, when it was whis
pered that the Smythes were about to give
a dance on a large soale.
"Whatever are we to do to accommo
date them all?" asked Mrs. Fungus-
Smytha of her daughter, Jessie. "I had
not calculated on having to house the
coachman and Ledy Lumpkln's maid."
"There Is no help for it." said Jassi*.
"but we must hava a coupl* of bads put
Into the Haunted Room at the and of th*
corridor. Tou can send the butler's boy
In there, and h* can have one bad, th*
coachman the other, and tha boy's room
can to* given uj» t» th* lady's maid."
"I suppos* It mutt be so," responded the
1 mother.
"Znd*ed. I d» not s** what *ls» can bs
Coe*, ;im»m; th* Lumpkln* will hav*
th* b«st bedroom, and Unola Funnrus th*
Mttie end room we call the powdering
room, and the two cousins Funirus will
fcav* th* mllk-tnd-water room, and Aunt
Ellttt. If sh* comes, and Jan* are to oc
cupy the green, room, and—" f
"T*a," interrupted her mother, "that
Is settled, I h«.ve arranged all thes* par
ticulars. It Is only th* matter of th*
X&&1& ana th* coachman that bothered
m*»"
"Aa& Z hart so4t*4 that difficulty," said
jMti*.
"W*U— y*s,~ and her mother mused, "I
svppos* th*r* will b* no fuss mad* about
the room being haunted."
"Of course not, mamma, ths boy will b*
too tlr*d to think of rhoits, and th*
ff>*,rhm«n has not heard of tta* room be
in r taunted." ¦
••Th* servants may t*U him."
"They will be far too much eooupled te
think of ghoets,"
Bo It was s*ttl*d. >
Th* pace boy look*d wry Wank whan
informed that h* was to b* put for th*
Bight Into thft haunted room, but rallied
w-hfn* assured that It would-be shared
with h'"* by Sir Tony Lumpkln's coach
tBISL.
•*Tb* f *1 /^-s' Is t» oeas* at 2 o'clock,"
•aid jirs. ftmyths t» her daughter Jessie.
?rSor fithsr i» pwmptory. We may
4raw It out to half-past, but ha says h*
wlU hav* all th* lights out at tw*-thlrty.
H* is an obstinate man. That Is why
I was forced to bavo tha ball berln rather
•erly. andput on th* eard that dancing
will b* till 1 o'clock, It i« tiresome."
To complicate mattsrs Aunt .buss was
was an *mln*nUy kindly
member of the Fungus family, well to tfo
.but not refined *ttner in appearance or
In manner. , _ •
"Good gracious 1" exclaimed Mrs. Fun
gTis-Smythe, on tha morning before the
ball. "Here is Aunt Eliza actually com
ing and ehe has left our invitation— which
wl never expected her to accept-un
acknowledged until now. \% hat shall we
do?"
"Put up with her, of couree," said Jes-
E "But it Is putting her up. as well," com
plained Mrs. Fungus-Smythe.
"She must go in with Janie." observed
Jessie; "Janie won't mind. .
"I do hope." sighed Mrs. Smythe. "that
Aunt Eliza will not dress in extravagant
ly old costume and In crude colors.
"She is an old dear," said Jessie, "and
it really does not matter in such a crowd
as we shall have, how she dresses."
The ball went off well, and punctually
at 215 stopped. Mr. Smythe was impera
tive. His daughters, several nieces, and
other young ladies pleaded, burin vain.
The music was hushed, and by half past
the visitors had left, that is to say such
as were not staying in the house, and
those who were retired to their rooms as
Mr. Smythe and the butler extinguished
the lights in the reception rooms.
The button boy. Herbert was -his name,
but he was generally called Herbey, hung
about in the servants' ball. Nothing would
Induce him to so to bed early;' he would
retire when did Mr. Bunce, the coachman
of the" LumDkins. :
"Come now," the housekeeper said to
"Little chaps like you ought to be
n^etween the sheets • and snoring, hours
agone.*'
"Please. Mrs. Jacks," answered the boy, ; :
'Tdunstn't 50 because of the ghost."
"What ghost?" asked the coachman:
"Oh, It's a story, sir," said the house
keeper, "a foolish story people have got — "
"But, ma'am, it's true that the little
?age was murdered in that very room,
've seen it in print in the guide book to
the neighborhood," said Herbey.
"That may be so." said Mrs. Jacks. "I
don't take it on me to deny that such a
thing did happen, but that was in the
old family's time. You don't suppose that
the ghost would stay on after the family
has sold the house?" . <
"It's more than one ghost," protested
the boy. .; . ¦
"The butler was hung for murdering
him, and they say that both are seen,"
threw in one of the housemaids.
"You nedd not be frightened," said the
housekeeper cheerily. "No one "as I have
ever heard of has ever seen either ghost."
"No," retorted the boy. "And for very
good reasons, too — for none have been put
afore Into the haunted room."
"Are you put into the haunted room?"
asked Mr. Bunce, looking disconcerted.
"Yes— and so are you," said the boy,
"and I call it a horrid shame to send a
poor little innocent boy like me into the'
room where ghosts are seen."
"Stuff," said the housekeeper, "you "will
not be alon*. Mr. Bunce will be with
you."
"And I say that I «*n't se* why I
should be put th*r« either," protest**
the coachman.
"You're surely net afraid, . sir," ex
claimed Mrs. Jacks, staring at him. "such
a man as you, and with Herbey ther* to
protect you."
"Oh, I'm not afraid. I dart say It Is
rats, but I objects to rats. I objects to
all noises at night, that I do. Shaver!
Tell me the whole story, what was th*
boy murdered for?"
" 'Cos he saw the * butler file out the
creBts from a lot of plate, and then go
and sell it to a Jew. And he said he'd
tell."
"How did the butler kill him?"
"That there butler went to a chemist
and bought a diachylon plaster, shaped
like a heart. 'It was winter time) Uke
now, and he had a hot bottle In his bed,
and he melted the wax on that— of course
he put the wax outside, not against the
bottle."
"Of course," said Mr. Bunce.
"And then he clapped It over the mouth
of the j>ore boy." v
"Pore boy," repeated the coachman.'
"That smothered his screams, and it
stifled him as well." '
• "But how was it found out?"
"When the boy was dead— the wax got
cold, and the butler bad a trouble to get
the plaster off, but did it at last, and
then chucked the plaster away out i of
the window Into a bush, : where it 'ung,"
said the button boy solemnly.
"And he was discovered by it?" asked
the coachman. • ... —
"He was found out- by it," said the
boy. "You see, the wax was set, hard,
and when that 'ere butler tore it off, the
wax stuck to the pore page boy's "lips
and nostrils, and that left quite a pictur*
on the plaster of where his mouth and
nose 'ad been. When the body. was found
next morning, there was. wax sticking to
the face, just at the daces where it was
missin' on the diachylon plaster. And it
was • proved that the : butler . had . bought
the plaster.'and so he was convicted."
"And hung," threw, in Mr. Bunce: H*. .
"Yes, he was; hung.'.' said the; button
boy, "and what is more,- he was a fat '
gross sort o' man, much like you, Mr.
Buncc.and' they .dursn't: hang him with
*u ordinary tell rope, so they had for him
a ship's hawser." .
"Oriul,", said the coachman.
VII Is orful,'.' observed Herbey, "and
wots orfuller 1b that both the butler and
the pore boy walk as ghosts, and v.ot is
orful lest of all — they've »gone"and^ stuck'
you and me Into the very room wnere
they walk." • . ". ¦',, ,- r
"Its- bl6odthlrsty cruelty," exclaimed,
Mr. Bunce. "I/didn't think Mr. Smythe
"Avas oarable of it,I didn't.". -
¦ "You see, sir," said the- housekeeper,
"the place, is so ' full -of : guests that we 1
really didn't know where else to put you;,
Herbey had to vacate his room iorvMisa
Thomas." I ' . ¦.. . ' .
"But why did they not put me into'Her
bey's room, and let Miss Thomas 'ave the
-'aunted room?" asked the . coachman,
wrathfully.- ¦¦'¦ - < ¦;, «
"Oh, Mr. Bunce, we have put the button
boy in to protect you." . : ''-¦"';'"
"Me!-rDo you. think I" am. afraid?. Not' :
I. I don't believe in ghosts. I was think-"
in' of my 'osses." " *, . . . . ;•--., >¦.¦,,
"But what . have the . 'osses to d* • with
the ghosts?" . -.„.'-- : •
"Why, this," Mrs. Jacks: : It Is "Ilk*
enough --that -there boy, < Herbey ;• will, be
imagininV all sorts . of , ghastly . things and
drcamin' • of. ' 'em ' and ¦ wakin' me ' up ¦ wi'
screams In the might. .Then Uhat'lb shake '
my nerve, and, I tell you, a coachman. as
drives a pair of 'osses, and one Inclined to*
stumble; don't .ort'-to have, his'nerves
shook.". ¦¦" «'¦_• -v '.¦'¦ i — ,.,'/'-.- < f-z :¦¦¦
"Well; Mr. Bunce, here goes out the gas.-
Master has- turned it! off.- Take your .
candle." ' :''¦ '¦>¦.•.¦¦¦.¦¦..,..<;_.,. .,..-.•;-.¦.¦, „>•!,:
• Vlt's a mighty short bit.'/ demurred; the
coachman, .'can't you give me a 'couple of
Inches more? .You see, -I'm ' five : times ; as \
big as the boy, and bo take five times as
had donned a dark dressing gown, and
sat by the fire hugging her knees, and*
with 'her feet on the fender, the .soles ex-,
posed to the glow and the toes working
like those of an infant; to enjoy the heat.
1'*, VThls is a fine ola place,- is it not; aunt7"
asked Janie. VSuch'a-lot of oak panel
ling and handsome ceilings.' They, say It
was bullt'in the reign of Elizabeth."
¦ "Yes, I dare say it is a thousand years'
old," answered the old lady, whose knowl
edge of history was not. exact. .
. "I like these ancient manor houses,"
continued the girl. '.'They are so cozy "
' "I can't -hold witb you there, Janie/
said ; her aunt. seem to me to b«
draughty.".' „' r ¦ . • -- ; •-•¦
"Well, anyhow, they are romantic"
-•"Oh, mightily. I dare say." ,
- :"And,- then to have a: family ghost!"
¦ "Who has?" T - *-"¦' ¦' v; 'il,
"Why, uncle. He bought the house wltli
.the ghost ,in; it." .,.:.. .... ¦•
"You don't "mean -to say so? - • « ¦ ., <
"Yes. I do; two ghosts!"- . .
."Were they In.: the Inventory?"" .
' "That V cannot say. here they are.
You must know; aunt, there was a'mur
der, committed 'here — — ". . .-¦ . ..;.-.
; "Where! ' In . this" room?" And Aunt
Eliza's ten toes stood thrilling and;erect
with horror. .-.: V: ,- - -. *• ' -¦-.•¦-¦ ¦'.'""
¦ r ',."No,in the room at the end of .the great
corridor.- I'll, teir you' the story. / It was
a little 'foot. page , who detected the. buller
; stealing the; plate;'- and he, threatened 5 to
till on .him!- .Then the 'butler -.smothered
¦ the • boy; but ; it : was ¦ all • discovered; and
the tbutler • was hanged.", " , . . " '; •¦ , - .
v; "When Jwas that.?"; ;',-, , ......
'. '"I'do not'know. when, but" I, know It did
taker place; -and -the I ghosts '¦-. remain to
prove- that it was so."- , v^ . ;• : : :
"Have the ghosts been' seen?" asked
Aunt Eliza. \\ \
. "Oh. often in. old times." ri
"Yes— I dare say— but," I' mean re
cently.V ; 
"Not since the house passed out of the
hands of the old family: Perhaps after
all they were not included in the inven
tory and so felt that they were not in duty
bound to put in an appearance."
"Let us hope so," sighed Aunt Eliza.
'I do not know. They are so interest-
Ing and so rare."
"Yes, I suppose they have become rare
of late years— If there are such things."
"Oh, , of , course, there must be. How
thrilling to see one!" ' ' • .
"It is time for us to go to bed," said
the aunt. . - - - : -
"Oh. no," auntie darling; do sit and let
us talk a little longer.",
warmth now in my feet." -
"Aunt Eliza— do you know I bar* n*ver
seen a ghost" '
"Np-really, how edd.' Nor have L"
,"I = feel, aunt,. that our education is not
complete till we have. Do you belong to
the Psychical Research Society?"
"No; dear:; I'm too old for cycling. Be
sides, there are so many calls on one's
purse." «¦ > ,
"But, aunt, why should not we try to
se» tha ehosts now that w* are in a
haunted" house 7" ' ~~ ™ ~» -
' "I don't want to see them."
' "But I do. really should Ilka to firmly
believe in apparitions, convinced through
the testimony of my senses.". Janl* look
ed into the fire.. than added: "And, aunt,
when I- was invited-here I resolved, If pos
sible, to get a sight of the ghosts."
"I don't think we have any right to pry
into that kind of thing," said Aunt Eliza,
curling up: her toes, as though clenching
her opinion with them. . > ¦
"I want you, darling, dear Aunt Eliza."
and' Janie came close to her aunt and ad
dressed- her. coaxingly, "I want you to
come with me now, in the .. depth of th*
darkness of a winter night, and 'explore
the haunted room." ¦"•-.- . •
»!'But there may be people in' it."..
"There never, are any people' In it— that
Is to say,' not in the flesh. 'Since the mur
der.no one has ever slept in that room."
'"I couldn't do.it,". -said .the old lady,
shaking her night cap with' the head that
-was within it. ¦ "I -should -be too fright
ened,"-she gasped, and. added, "I should
catch. my death of cold." ;
"Not if you ' pulled on your bed : socks
and walked in them."
."I. couldn't .venture; fancy if we saw
something!" • ". ' : '
"We shall see nothing: I don't' believe
in ¦ ghosts. - _I.t ,will be so grand, too, at
breakfast- for us to tell what we did and
show how brave we were. 1 ' r -•¦•¦ '
"If. I do go— I shall put a- worsted com
forter round my neck," said Aunt Eliza.
• ¦ ¦. • *. *\ •••.•_•-¦-• . .1 •...-,.'• -•¦ •
The page had' conducted. Mr. 'Bunce' to
the haunted room and- each had retired to
bed. t . .\ . . :¦; -.."- ¦ . • ¦ / . •' . - '
"I. don't think," ¦ said' the coachman,
rthat-I shall put out the candle.- I always
prefer. sleeping in a. room where there is a
light. In which" bed, was the -boy mur
dered?"- -' •- • - - • -• * .*»¦"¦> '•
. "In mine.", said the page. "But the
mur.der.er; slept 1 in yours, at least, so I
suppose."-- ¦',--¦¦ ¦_¦¦¦¦ ¦.
.' "Has 1 anything seen," -asked the
coachman from his bed. ;_ :. ,„. ¦. \
¦< "It is said -that the butler; and his vic
tim,* the pore boy, are, to be seen of a night
gliding. along, the corridor with a ghostly
light going. before them." • . ...„.-
' "Frightened, Mr. Bunce?" . .
."No. ma'am.' not frightened. Fright
don't: rhyme with. Bunce. ,"But I'm a man'
of delicacy of feeling, and there wera
ladles in the corridor, and I was not in
my livery." ¦ - ¦' : - ,. :
In the bedroom. were Aunt Eliza and
Janie. ¦ ' . . " ." . . ¦
"Auntie— those ghosts!"
: "My -• dear— they were not ghosts, ' but
"very solid human beings."
: "I think; Aunt Eliza, It would be best
to - stick to it that they were ghosts - that '
wo saw."- , . ' - , .
"Mrs. Jacks." said the coachman sol
emnly. "I aver that I did— two. one stout,
the: other slim. To my dying day I shall
be a. believer in ghosts."
"Is it • true that you went under th*
bed?"
/ "Mrs. . Jacks," answered tha coachman,
"it is true." . :S-.. '
Tha corridor was filling with, mtmbwi
of his family, th* visitors, servant! In
various costumes, , hastily 1 •xtemporlMO,
most with candles, all with ruffled head*,
and wlda extended eyes, and a singular
dearth -of bloom in their cheeks. All wera
clamoring to know what was the matter.
Had burglars broken into the house? Had
any throats been cut? Was much taken?
Whose Jewelry? Had fire broken out?
Were there. fire engines and ladders? %
Mr. Smythe pacified them.
"Nightmare! nothing but nightmare,"
was his explanation. He shut tha door
of the Haunted Room and drove Aunt
Eliza and their niece into their chamber.
By degrees ; the alarmed assembly dis
persed. • ' .
Next morning Mrs. Fungus-Smythe wu
radiant. "Nothing could have been bet
ter," she said. "It was tha climax to tha
ball— the. ghosts. AH old families have
hereditary ghosts. We have a double
name and so have two ghosts."
In -the servants'- hall Mr. Bunce was
questioned about the disturbance.
"Was it true. that you saw the ghosts?"
asked the: housekeeper.
"In the Haunted Chamber/*
"And you, Janie; you are generally ex
teemed a sensible girl. What do you
say?"
"I saw them as well. One was fat. tha
other thin. One big and the other little;
exactly as described." - , .'
"Described? By. whom?" - -
"I mean as supposed to be seen."
"But what In the world brought you
out of your room?"
"We both wanted to see tha ghosts.
That is to say — I did. and I persuaded
Aunt Eliza to tome with me."
"And now you have had your desire.
You. have seen the ghosts."
"Yes,", sighed Janie, "and I hope I shall
never see any more." * ""*
"Who made that hideous bellowing lilt*
a bull? Not you, Eliza, surely?"
"No," said the old lady In nervous ter
ror. "I couldn't bellow. I had no breath.
It must have been the ghost."
"And you went to the Haunted Cham
ber?"
"Yes," both answered faintly.
Mr. Smythe now marched boldly for
ward to the end room, the door of which
was opened. He entered. The beds were
empty. However, he saw a. large, whit a
globular something • under one of them,
and stooping, he laid hold of an article
of clothing composed or wnite cotton. Ha
dragged at it, but it tor© in his hand,
and he reeled back holding: a fragment of
the size, of a dinner napkin. Then he
kicked at the object under tha bed and
ordered in a loud and peremptory yolce:
"Come out, you skulking rascal; coma
out!" „ - -
Presently the coachman emergad and
simultaneously from under tha second bed
crawled the button boy.
"What is the meaning of v this uproar?"
asked the master of the house.
"Oh, sir, we have seen the ghost*— th*
butler and the page, both with a light
going before them and— and— and— the old
one had a ship's hawser about his neck—
the rope wherewith he was hanged."
"Nonsense." said Mr. Smythe, "it was
nothing but fancy." -
"Please, sir, I saw both. I will Uka
my dickey," said the boy.
"And so, sir. did I," threw In Mr. Bunce;
"I say it on my oath as a coachman to a
baronet."
"Why did- you both crawl under yctar
beds?" .-. . ,
"I was that frightened, partly with th*
sight of the ghosts and partly with tha
bellowing of Mr. Bunce," said tha boy.
"I was not frightened," said tha coach
man; "not I; oh, no, but I — I have my
master's interests at heart, and I know
there is no one else competent to drive
Sir Tony and my lady home— and it is a
long way, sir. and Brown Bess does stum
ble, and needs a tight nand."
All at once Mr. Bunco's faca grew livid
and his great jaw dropped. '
"There! They are there again!" h*
gasped, and looked hastily behind **»» to
see that the coast waa clear that ha might
make another bolt.
"There! There they are again!"
shrieked the boy, as he turned and mad*
an attempt to diva under his bed once
more. Mr. Smythe caught him by tha
arm.
"Stay and do not be such a coward.
Where are the ghosta?"
"There! There. . sir, looking or*r your
shoulder.'.' . . . .
Mr. Smyth* turned and saw Aunt Blisa
and Janie standing in. the rear. Impelled
by their curiosity they had followed t«
see ' tha end. Aunt Eliza still wore tn*
gray worsted comforter about h*r throat.
Mr. Smythe saw mora.
"And wHere do th*y r>r
"They don't go nowhere— they corn* la
The coachman drew a shaky breath.
"Wot's your name?"
"Herbey! Do you hear anything?"
Both held their breath.
"I think." whispered tho boy. "that I
io hear light steps."
"So do I.'* groaned the coachman. "obv
Shaver! I must speak the truth. I>e a
body as big as an ox. but a soul no larger
than a flea. Run to the door, good boy.
and look and report what you see."
"I shan't do nothing of the sort." replied ¦
the page Indlglnantly.- "You're a man—
you go. It's your duty. You're th* old
"But I've a wife and family.". :? V^
"Well. and if I live. I may hav» thm
same. For their sakes, I won't."
"Let us go together."
• "Hish!" said the boy, sitting up in bed
and pointing.
Both distinctly saw the handla of th*
door turn. l .
Instantly both leaped from bed. Tha
coachman caught up the candle and stood,
feet apart, shaking with terror and th*
candle in hl3 hand oscillating, the boy
stood beside him, shivering as well. Slow
ly the door opened, a light entered, then
all at once they were confronted by two
spectral forms, the one stout^ the. other
slim. v > , -" ¦ •
Piercing shrieks and the bellowing as of
a ¦-,' bull resounded through tha corridor
and instantaneously both lights were ex
tinguished. .
In the darkness, terror became mor«
Intense, and the screams and bellowing
continued and swelled in volume. Pres
ently a door opened and Mr. Smyth*
emerged hastily, wrapped about In a
dressing gown, and holding a light.
"What the deuce is the matter?" he in
quired. - . . "
He found Aunt Eliza and his niece.
Janie, careering like -frightened birds
about the passage, unable in the pitch
darkness to find their door.
"Oh, uncle, we have seen^he ghosts!"
"Oh. James! I have seen both of them!
O,- horror! ( O. bones!"
Now other doors began to unclose, and
heads were thrust .forth and inquiries
made as to the cause of the uproar.
Mr. Smythe went boldly down the gal
lery, driving the two frightened women
before him, and he thrust them into their
room. ' - . .-
Then, standing at the door whilst they
were within, quaking and looking blank,
. he catechised the aunt and her niece.
_ "Where did you see the ghost?"
"It 'was two— we saw two. we both did,"
gasped Aunt Eliza, putting a hand on- his
arm. "The butler and the boy, both in
white and with a spectral light before
them."- . . '-
, "Where?"
THE SUNDAY : CAIX.
5
THE BEAUMANOIR GHOSTSCherry Salad.— The California cherries
which come in summer are chosen for this
They are stoned, laid on lettuce, sprinkled
with powdered parsley and French dresaw
Ing Is poured over, and the whole is allowv*
ed to stand for a little, when the- Juice is
turned out and poured over the second
time. -Cost; 25 cents for six. Time, fifteen
minutes.— Harper^s Bazar. -
Mixed Fruit Salad.— Blt3 of pineapple
may be mixed also with orange, banana
and preserved cherries and sugar and a
little sherry of rum poured over all. This
13 most delicious if well chilled.
Pineapple Salad.— This is one of the best
of all the fruit salads, served either dur
ing the meal cr as a sweet course at the
end, both of which forms are suggested.
For the first, pick up the pineapple in
rather large bits and put in a glass dish,
nnd put strawberries over the top. Cover
with French dressing and stand the dish
on a platter on which Is a quantity of
broken ice. Or, to vary the salad, prepare
as above, but pass mayonnaise with it
besides the dressing. To turn this into a
sweet dish and yet keep Its salad form.
prepare the pineapple and cover it with
powdered sugar and sprinkle It with tho
Juice of a lemon. When ready to servo
put Maraschino cherries over the top and
pour the juice over all; serve in the Ice
bed as before.
to ruff, knowing . positively that he can
The .8 is the Beventh card. In rank,
counting from : either, end , of 'the ault..
There are six cards higher, than' this card,
three of which must be : in the leader's
hand. There „ are eleven combinations
from . which' this card Is ! led. '
Ace,, queen, 10, 1 8; ace; queen, 9, 8; ace,
knave, 10, 8; ace,' knave, 9," 8; '; acej ¦ 10, 9, 8
(one smaller" or other card added to any
one of these combinations " would ; change
It ; from , a ' lead ; of - the f ourthuj>est to . an
ace' lead, ; eo with; these'; holdings exactly
you' must- have 'but: four" in ; suit to; lead
the 8): -- ¦ ; '_ ' ' ''•' i ¦ V L : ¦''."¦ ' •
-v, ".''", ' 7. •"¦""¦"•" ""^i— ¦„•",""¦..¦- ¦"'*."."-.
. King, knave, 10, , 8 ; king, knave, ,, 9. ¦ 8 ;
king.'lO, 9, 8; queen, knave, 9,8; queen,
10, 9, 8; knaye,"10,*9, 8.,The8e leads are
fourth best with any number of smaller
cards. ' - v ' . . ? ' ' ' : /.: ; -¦;' * \
i A and B are partners. A leads, the S of
diamonds.. >B, holding ace,, queen and 9
of | diamonds,' knows ; his , partner led from
king, knave,": 10, 8 *~ exactly ;t If a ; regular
lead herein safely pass the 8 led,; knowing
It'; will hold' the : trick. 1 ' , Or "again," A ' leads
the 8 v of .holding t knave,- 0,
can pass the trick as the 8 must force the
high card against or hold the trick, as his
partner 'must hold > ace*,; queen; 10A 8, " and
the king Is against. Had B held ace, 1 king,
- . • ¦¦ ¦ : ¦-'¦.¦• .
10, 8. It would be a king lead, or had to
held king, queen, ,10, S, it would' also be
a king lead, and v under certain circum
stances you would lose a trick by putting
up the knave. It can be: readily seen how,
valuable' It is to^be familiar with the rank
of a card led as a fourth best lead.. You
can often' distinguish an irregular lead by
> your own holdings -to a fourth; best lead.
A; after, several rounds, r " gets in the lead
and deems it advisable to lead Irregularly
(all rules stand second ' toTthe ¦ f all of . the
cards) ; it may be,lnadvisable i for him to
continue his ~ priginal ' leah 'or that of ; his
partner, or ¦ to put his partneVin • the lead ;
or It , may be ' to" ruff ; the suit led . on the
second liiipMii TN HI S£RT€S
qzss op t Hs s*n f stwetsco;
MfLlY'i*"!" 1 /•F MB :
II W^TSTGLiUS'
When the 2 Is led as an original lead It
marks a suit of exactly four cards. The
leader has possibly one four-card *ult and
three each pf the other suits, unless he
has an exceptional hand. It 1? an an
nouncement of weakness usually. A' suit
may be strong numerically, yet weak in
high cards ; : ; still^ it is better /to open, a
numerically -strong 'suit as an original
lead than to play out ace,' king.. queen of
a suit of only three cards, as some one
may have* - knave, ¦_ 10," 9 guarded ,' ; and , you
have | established f that 'suit for them in
stead of trying to establish your own Ions
suit. When It Is possible, keep command
of your 'opponent's ! suit 1 until ¦} your own
second round. A's partner, if he holds any
cards .In the suit that tell him It is from
the top of nothing, should play according
ly. Even If he has nothing In his hand to
tell him the lead is Irregular the positive
and .negative inferences he has drawn
from the previous play, will often enable
him to distinguish an Irregular lead lr.to
in hand, when they are most liable to be
made. /
A player must not pass an 8 led by part
ner simply because be has three cards of
the suit higher if he can determine that
the lead Is forced or Irregular.
The possible combinations multiply as
you descend the scale; while the 8 Is
from eleven combinations the 7 is led from
twenty-four, and so on down the scale
of the 6. 5. 4, 3. ;' i ~::
is established. In theory. 'It seems easy
to establish a long suit, but in cold prac
tice with two skillful opponents trying;
to prevent, it Is a very different, matter. •
Next week the lesson will be upon tha
follow, or second lead, and management
of trumps.
A great many players think they must
return the trump lead of their partner un-
Jer all circumstances.' In almost any other
lead of trumps it is necessary, but If you
;an determine from the card led that your
partner, nas opened trumps from four sim
ply because it Is. the best his hand'con
tains, and you ¦ have only one t or ; two
trumps and are weak In ' all the other
«ults. It would be very, bad play to return
the trump, for by so dolng : you •' say to
rour partner (under those circumstances),
T can eupport thls'srame," which is not
:be cue. However, it is well to be sure
:hat he has only four; If he leads the 3
ind you hold the 2 you can also be sure
tofhas but four, but if be leads a higher
THE 8, 7. 6. 5, 4, 8, 2 are led aa fourth
beet cards, as an original lead. The
1 leader must have exactly three
I cards of the suit higher, than the
card led. It Is understood that you
5o not open a suit originally of less than
four cards; in "every hand there must.be
sne four-card suit or more. As an exam
ple, you hold ace and three small trumps,
the 9. 4, 2. three of each of the other' suits.
It Is well in this case to "st}ck" to prin
slple and open the hand with the 2 of
trumps. That says \ to partner, "This Is
my only 4 card, suit; I have not three
aonors In trumps," and he will so under-'
¦ it and It and will not return the trump,
tnlees It «ufts bis baud, but will in turn
,»pen his DesT suit, according to rule.
Lessons That Will Teach You to Play a Good Game of Whist
Suppose, partner has . shown you ; six
spades. • You open ; trumps and \ he ¦ shows
you four trumps in ' his \ hand./ Now, dia
monds are", led and he follows' suit .three •
times. You must know he has not a. club
in his hand; If a trick here 'will' make or
cave the game, you can give him a club
The rule of leading the fourth best card
Is -a very valuable rule, for the Informa
tion it, Imparts '. to partner; ,besides\.tell
ing him you have not a high card lead in
your hand It tells him the exact numeri
cal strength you hold In 'that Bull after
the second lead. '..' ; .. *
Tour partner leads the , 7 of ' diamonds—
you holding king, knave.' 2, play, the : king
and return the knave, to which - he^ plays
the 6. \You can read! him, with five dia
monds originally; if he had played' the
10 he*: could have but four. /
Holding ace, queen, 10, 7, 5, the lead, In
plain suit of trumps, is: the 7— being the
fourth best card.
card and you have not the lower ones, or
they do not fall to. the first trick, you
j may infer that he has five trumps or
more, and, of course, you will return his,
trump lead and leave the option with him
of going: on with the trumps. ¦ Ordinarily*
a partner will, if he has a great suit and
Is leading* trumps to . prelect^ It against
ruffing, lead a card of his suit first and
then a trump. Under those circumstances'
yqu should return' the trump lead at the
first opportunity if not void. \
Obpj-rtefct, 1K1. by 8. B. HoClnre Company.
1DEAX.S are subject to the same condi
tions of change as affect the material
world. In no department of life would
the Ideals of past generations be sat
isfactory to the men and women of to
day. If their dreams could have come to
pass In the lifetime of those who dreamed
them they might have brought content
ment and happiness, but when, in the evo
lution of ages, they reached fulfillment, a
new generation had come into existence
wlth Ideals of its own. And so always we
are looking toward the future to satisfy
our longings, 2 but through this endless
struggle to attain the Ideal the standards
of humanity are lifted up.
Since marriage Is the most vital of the
relations of life It should demand the no
blest ideals, but these are. possible only to
the most highly developed men and wom
en. As this development Increases the
ideals, broaden and those of . early days
seem Inconceivably narrow. The man of
the past was far more exacting in his re-
quirements for a wife than was. the lat
ter in hers for a husband, because his
Judgment and discrimination were | more
fully matured and also because he was in
a position to "pick and. choose." It Is Idle
for one who has no freedom. of choiceto
make stipulations, and this was absolutely
denied to the woman of the past. Unless
ehe had money, and this was seldom the
case In the "good old time," she must
marry or have a life of the most humiliat
ing'dependence on relatives and friends.
Even with ample means she was not per-
mltted by custom to make an independent
home of her own, but was forever com
pelled to prove
"How salt the savor of" another's bread.
How hard the passage to descend and , climb
. By other's Btalrs-r"
even though she \ paid \ for this privilege.
The free, -independent, greatly, envied
"bachelor maid" of to-day is a transfor
mation of the much-hampered, deeply-pit
led Void maid'' of other, days. If the father
had not accumulated enough to leave^her
a competence, which was difficult In those
Tiled kitchens, or those with a fine, hard
paint finish are the ambition of every
modern housekeeper. In such a kitchen,
which 13 a part of a costly home In New
York, the cook explained to an admiring
visitor the other day that he could stand
with his back to the range and use ths
garden hose ever all the rest of the room,
without the slightest Injury to the rcom.)
and that he had done It more than once.
The floor, walls and celling are tiled; sink;
tables, kneading-board, etc.. are porce
lain, marble and glass, all Impervious, of
course, to any amount of water. Such
kitchens, however, are very, expensive and
not for the average home until some,
cheaper waterproof material is discovered
or Invented. To take a long drop from
this Ideal standard the housekeeper of
moderate Income will find a useful substi
tute for the walls of kitchens, butlers*
pantries and bathrooms In the marbled
enameled cloth to be found at every house
furnishing counter. It can be fitted aa
neatly as paper If a little glue la added to
the paste by which it is put on. It 13
cheaper than paint, more durable than
even the waterproof papers, and as It
comes now in marbled 'and tiled designs
it contributes a neat and attractive ap
pearance to the room in which It Is used,
this with white painted woodwork and a
pretty floor covering.— Harper's Bazar.
worth of anything while her husband
lived. She had entered into a partnership
in' which she 'was. to give the^services of
a lifetime in exchange for her boarfl and
clothes, while her partner' at • his death
could will to an outsider the full proceeds
of ]the earnings of the. two, except the use
of/one-third of the real estate for life and
-a small portion of the personal property.
She could not hope by work outside to
lay up something fpr old age, as her earn
ings also belonged to her husband.. •
•Almost Invariably a large of
children followed marriage, but. although
brought Into the- world at the peril of the"
mother's life,- and reared in toll and anx
iety,, their guardianship was vested en
tirely In the father, and/without her con
sent; he could bind out the little ones, or
dispose of them by will, even the unborn,
< to the utter exclusion of the mother. Un
der these conditions was there room in
the woman's heart for any other ideal of
a husband than one /who would not avail
himself of the rights conferred by law?
No provision was made for the educa
tion of girls, and, with the household de
mands on women beginning before day
light and lasting into the night, there waa
no, opportunity for reading, study and de- v
velopment of the mind. As the wife
' saw the mental gulf widen between
herself, and her husband, naturally she
would not cherish an ideal of one who
impossible for her. ever to own a dollar's
and privileges merged^'in himself. ¦ With
' the last words of the marriage ceremony
all the^property which -. she possessed,
; with- its rents and profits.- and all that
might come to her by gift and inheri
tance, .passed Into his absolute control.
' She , had spoken the vows which" made, It
and he was the one, with 'the dual rights
¦-Leaving . the centuries out of considera
tion, let us -go back only fifty years and
examine thejr relative conditions of hus
bands and wives. .At marriage the legal
¦existence of the woman ' was blotted out
forever, .while the\man added tohte own
- all which she had lost. The two were one
which -the law confers upon him.
were not considered worthy of a place
therein. We may imagine, however, that
it might have been comprised In. a single
sentence : The Ideal husband Is ; the one
who does not take advantage of the power
these women were formulating in their
minds, through all those , generations',
never will be known, for the records were
kept by men and the, opinions of "women
, Under these circumstances It la not
strange that the vast majority of women
i would rather take any chances than those
of ."single blessedness." But In those
days, as now,' the villages were denuded
of young men,, who were obliged to seek
a, livelihood elsewhere, and even, In the
larger places the marriageable men went
to eea or to war or' "out west" to find a'
fortune. "With . more prospective wives
than prospective husbands, and with the
% strong necessity for marriage on the part,
of women. "It "was out of the question to
wait /for. "ideal husbands." "And; under
such conditions, what sort of an ideal was.
a" woman capable of forming? Without
education herself. Bhe was not fitted for
an Intellectual ¦ companionship, and, al
though she would feel a' natural" pride In.
any high position her husband might at
tain, she was little adapted to bear her
share of Its honors. .
7 In all ages.women have striven to em
body the ideal of themselves which men
_ have cherished, and the latter have been
so situated that they could search for the
Ideal wife, " defer marriage until she was
: found, or,- failing In the quest, lead useful,
. honored, Independent lives, in no wise af
¦ fected by the fact of never 'having wed
ded. ; Man's- ideals in generations past
were comprehensively expressed in the
Thirty-first Proverb— virtue above all«lse,
and N then the perfect housekeeper, indus
trious, • benevolent, God-fearing, at work
before ' daylight In the morning and not
letting her candle go out at night. : For
¦uncounted generations women strove to
' live up to the standard of this woman In
the Proverbs, and If they , fell behind oc
casionally the preachers, . the elders and
the husbands pointed to -the Good Hook
and. spurred them on.
What sort, of an Ideal for a husband
- times of small fortunes, she had no re
course except school teaching ' for. a pit
tance or the unrewarded slavery of the
•needle. "Even these oDDortunltlea were
few and her usual fate was the unpaid,
-little-regarded position of the spinster
drudge in the family of a married brother
or sister, without honor and without prof
it," and with the general verdict of having
made a failure of life.
An Ideal husband will not come Into the
presence of wife and children exhaling the
odor of liquor and tobacco. In olden times
The man of to-day does not find his
equanimity very rudely disturbed when
his blushing bride declines to promise at
the altar "to obey;" He has rather more
respect for her fpr not doing It. The old
attitude of sovereignty • on one hand and
obedience on the other has largely disap
peared. Enlightened men no longer marry
for. the purpose of getting a housekeeper,
or with the sole object of raising a family
of children, but through the desire of con
genial companionship and with the Inten
tion of stimulating the development of the
¦wife along the lines for which she Is best
fitted. Thus far we have the Ideal hus
band, not universally, but In sufficient
numbers to offer much hope for the fu
ture. . .
Woman is* now, for the first time In all
history. ; so situated that Bhe can create
an ideal husband and not be compelled to
accept a substitute, and she has set the
standard far beyond any that the woman
of the past could have dreamed of. Her
very first 'exaction that he should recog
nize her equality of rights, legal and do
mestic, would have thrown the forefathers
into a fit" of apoplexy and paralyzed the
foremothers, but the best type of manhood
In the present generrilon Is not at all dis
turbed , by this, demand. He Is not like
his ancestors,'' who placed their- honor, in
the sacred keeping of the wife, but were
very careful that she did not get a chance
at the pocketbook. Her request that a
portion of the family Income be set apart
for her. sole. use and and that she be not
asked to give an account of the same does
not seem unreasonable to him. I remem
ber distinctly, however, a case that came
under my observation many years ago.
A man of large means was very desirous
of marrying a school teacher. He paid the
most assiduous court; he used every pos
sible argument; and finally one day, when
he had melted into tears and declared that
his life would be ruined without her, she
told him frankly that she did not like to
give up her financial Independence for tha
dependent condition of all her married
friends, but if he would secure to her the
same' income which she was now receiv
ing she would marry him. He dried his
tears, asked a few days to think It over,
wept away und never came back! Such
an Idea was too preposterous to be enter
tained by ir. »n of past generations.
¦ For the past two generations men have
been approaching this Ideal, slowly at
first, and with extreme caution, but sat
isfied with the experiment, they have
made practically no retrogressive steps,
although there never has been ,a time
when they did not have It In their pow*r
to .withdraw all the privileges .which had
been granted. With the new womanhood
which' has thus developed, the man's
ideals. of a wife have broadened to In
clude many attributes which never wouM
have occurred to his forefathers. Virtue
Is still first In the list, but, before even
the domestic qualities, the man of bra'ns
places . an education. ' The modern man.
wants also a : public-spirited woman,
whose Ideas reach beyond the Hmlt3 of
her own household. The highest Ideal of
his ancestors would by no, means, satisfy
his own requirements for a wife.
.Our foremothers kept no record of their.
Ideal man, not even on the faded pages
of those little worn diaries. Wherever
their brief, practical entries go beyond
the details of the household expenses and
the family Illnesses. Into the realm of
aspiration, it Is always ! In regard to the
heavenly, life. The conditions of this on©
they considered beyond remedy'. But. un
derstanding' the nature j of woman, and'
knowing that her dearest hbpes. her fond
est desires, are concentrated In the fu
ture of her children, we may wel* believe
that these old-time mothers did dream of
an' Ideal husband for their daughters, and
that, if Interpreted, it would have read:
"A man who will lift-woman up to a plane
with himself." . . .;
would be even stronger Intellectually.
Since she was denied all participation In
the church, except a timid recital / In
prayer meeting, of an "experience" which
she never would have dared to give In
full and since her religious nature was
constantly appealed to In order to keep
her submissive under her wrongs, «he
certainly would not create an Ideal man
who should be still more devoted to the
religion of his fathers. She never would
have. formed an ideal of a more "master
ful" man, of one who would take greater
pride fn his position as the "head of the
family."
The woman of to-day has a moral Ideal.
Bhe dreams of a time when there shall be
but one standard of virtue for the two
sexes. Its fulfillment Is no more Impossi
ble than what we already have seen. The>
attitude of society toward, the Immoral
man is gradually changing. Like the ¦
drunkard, he Is be.Hnn'njr to cover hl3
tracks. His lapses are no longer a matter
of pride. The new self-respect of woman
Is protesting against man's defiance of the
moral code and he Is commencing to feel
the effects of a social ostracism, which
will increase as women grrow stronger In
self-reliance. And here again th« revised
statutes come to the rescue of the wife
and relieve her from that body of llvtn*
death— a husband who la unfaithful to hia
marriage vows.
There never has been a time when
man did not desire to find favor In the eyes
of woman, to fulfill her ideal if It did not
require too great a personal sacrifice. But
until woman herself had reached a higher
plane she could not make a loftier one for
. him. Her evolution has been slow and
long and sorrowful: it is by no rar\n*
complete, but It has been ereater In \fie>
last > fifty years than In centuries which
preceded. Until now man has seemed In
finitely ahead of her and her thought haa
been to attain his ideal of her. rather than
tp create one for him. But as she realises
. more and more the possibilities which He
¦within herself, out of this very knowledge
comes the conception of a nobler manhood!
and' of this she dreams— but a grander
womanhood, too. Is always In her vision.
The Ideal husband will stand first of all
for the freedom of the wife. He will pro
vide that marriage shall place upon her
,no more restrictions than It imposes upon
him. He will treat her always as his equal
In every respect, as his beloved compan
ion, his nearest and best friend. ! He will
make his personal life as clean and purs
as he desires hers to be. As his Ideal
motherhood Is the. one which he would
have his' daughters Imitate, so he will em
body in himself a fatherhood which shall
be the standard for his sons. Xevar until
recent generations could women wait for
this Ideal, for It was only through the as
slstance of man that she could secure the
necessities of life and a dependant cannot
make terms, but it Is no Ioneer obligatory
for any woman to sacrifice herself In mar
" rtage. She has, now for the first time, the*
power to choose,- and already we have a
finer type of manhood than the world ever
before has known. The demand of women
is responsible for this and. as Its scope
Increase. It will continue to be met. In the
fullness of time we shall have the Ideal
man and he will Include within himself
the Ideal husband, father, son and brother.
It Is doubtful If women would have, dared
form such an Ideal aa this, but already It
Is partly reached. Then liquor was on
every sideboard, and ladles -withdrew
from the dinner table In order that gen
tlemen (?) might get drunk. Now the gen
tleman who gets drunk carefully conceals
that fact from the ladlea of his acquaint
ance. Where foimerly the woman endured
the Intemperate husband as her Inevitable
lot, the law now steps in and sets her
free. » The abolition of the tobacco habit
forms a part of the future Ideal.
the Sunday cAlia
6
SUSAN BANTHONY WRITES OF
THE IDEAL HUSBANDant we will take that up. My advice is.
do not ship provisions into the valley. As
the price * of groceries at the store is
regulated by. the commissioners, and as
1 have found them very reasonable,' I
believe campers will find it more satis
factory to buy at the store in Yosemite.'
Prices are 15 to 20 per cent higher than
in . the city, but one is saved the freight
and general nuisance at both ends. This
year our box arrived the day before we
left. ;
The following list is suggested for a
party *f three, to last four or five days!
2 packages rolled eats, 3 pounds pilot bis
cuit, 2 pounds cheese, 2 pounds sugar, 1
pound : coffee, z pounds bacon, 2 pounds
chocolate; canned goods— 2 cans' beans, 2
cans fruit, : 2 cans condensed milk and 1
can syrup. Concerning the. milk, I have
always found that the- second grade, \ if
well recommended, is as •satisfactory as
the fancy article. A small can or- bottle
of syrup will' be ample. Add to this list
a square of butter, a little salt, pepper,
tea and vinegar, and you should be able
to reach, the valley with full
j Some people would add to this even a can
of corned beef, ; one of sardines and one
of deviled ham. , :
Then the personal -kit is a very import^
ant matter. Many long tramps have
taught me ' that the following: are neces
sary: Soap, two or three towels, tooth
brush, pocket knife, comb, four handker
chiefs, candle, shoe 'laces, four pairs
, socks/ table knife, fork" and spoon, tin
plate and cup. I believe that a large cup
¦with a cover, will be found useful. besides
the small ! cup. . Some may need I to carry
shaving soap,; razor and brush. - As \ for
head gear I found a . straw ; hat and an
English cap to answer all purposes. The,
latter was useful because i It was not' only..
inexpensive but could be stowed away
In the - pocket if desired. . :
'A' reporter once : ; interviewed 'General
Carr. thp celebrated . Indian : . i fighter.
"What . are > the : most important matters
In a campaign?" . .V :.;:... , ; ; ±\ ¦_:¦ \ ' : : ;
"The men's stomachs and feet."
/',*-..' . ' :* - ' /
"But what about the fighting?"
"Oh, that's a detail." ...
So in. one of these tramps the same es
sential conditions prevail. To tramp well:
¦one must be. well fed and sleep comfort
ably. But, - really, more, than these, .he
must take the greatest care of his feet.
¦To ".attain .'.this' end ithe "traveler should
wear a pair of shoes that have been thor
oughly broken in. Provided they are good
and strong, the footwear of everyday use
will«be sufficient.-. Be : sure, however, that
the soles ¦ are strong and thick—an oak-
I tap sole is said; to be.the best. It might
be' an'' advantaged to'"have a, half-moon
patch sewed on each side of the foot as a
protection f against granite chips : on v th*
trails. Moreover, one should take along
a : pair '.of 'strong leather slippers, ? or daiic
ing pumps/ or light ties. Should
the ; regular shoes . chafe "while .'on ; the"
march it is; a. great benefit to change, off
and 'give. the sore spots a chance to heal.
Moreover, •' It ; is ¦ of the utmost advantage
* to put these"; on in' the morning, on" rising
'• and ; on , making camp at night. J: The I'very
; change (from . heavy to \ light \ footwear in
. the; latter ; case i is ; wonderful. The '1 feet
' have' enough of the heavier "shoes on the
march. Save them all you can Vat 'other
times. : . •;,„., V; _ ; • : " "'¦'.'
As. f or^ blankets, the most Important de-~
tall, in this regard is a'\ rubber 'blanket, or
piece of canvas, to lay on the ground to
prevent the dampness of the ground from
crawling into, your bones. Then I have
found that two thicknesses of good blank
et under me and six over was sufficient.
This may seem a great deal to some, but
I did not find it any too much, even with
all my clothes: on, during two or three
nights. At one camping place th* top
•lanket ' was about soaked . with - cold
moisture when" I rose.- *N.
As to the arrangement of the blankets,
if there are two sleeping together one rub
ber-blanket will do,.- and three doubl*
blankets, as the mutual warmth is'con
siderable./ This would give two thick
nesses below and; four' above. But my
experience on three long tramps has been
that* more is required if; sleeping j alone.
To accomplish this I doubled two blankets
separately ; and . laid one on 1 top- of the
other. Then taking; a heavy needle and
some strong thread, doubled, I sewed up
the bottom and one side and half way up
the other. ' -.This made ¦ a bag in which I
could crawl; its great advantage of design
being. I found, that il, could have any
thickness, of cover I desired. Many a
night I.: have .fallen- asleep, comfortably
under two thicknesses, only to wake in
the middle of the night and crawl under
, two > more; :, . , : -
I found myself considerably bothered
with' the cold down my back and shoulders
because the : blankets would [ not ; fl t ¦ com
fortably around my neck. This was easily
remedied by continuing. the stitches at the
! top'; of the' bag, three ' or ', four 'inches f foin
the back ; .seam/ This" device caused; the
bag to -fit snugly behind. : ..-. Y
.. On retiring i I 'would ~ remove the • sock*
used during the' day's tramp and, if . con
veniehtl wash the^f eet*. I .would then draw
on the socks to be used the next day/ arid
over, these in cool j weather 'a.' heavy, large
pair. ..This: method, piyes freedom tojthe
feet and keeps them warm. By nomeaai
HOW much heat can a human b*.
ing stand?
Thousands of New Yorkers asked
themselves i this question when
thermometers on Broadway registered 103
degrees. The system of a normal person
can endure twice that' much. It Is Quit*
possible to tone It up to withstand 604
degrees of heat.
Nowhere in the world does th* solas
heat begin to approach man's capacity
for resistance. In Death Valley, CaL, th*
thermometer has registered 140 degree*
Fahrenheit. The ordinary man "n and
does adjust himself to th* cUm&U la
•af*ty. . . ,¦:,;?"
Stokers in big steamship* work la aq
average temperature of from 180 to 1M
degrees.
In the boiler-room ef a dozen svQdJngfl
in, the skyscraper district th* h aat (rota
the . boilers is Intense enough to coos aa
egg hard in ten minutes if it Is laid on
the floor six feet away from the furnace.
Firemen work in this atmosphere yeaj
after year without visible harm. • Women
walk. in the ovens of the La Rochefou*
cauld bakeries of France when the ovens
are heated to 301 degrees.
Colored races can endure more heal
tha'n white races. ¦
The educated freak. Chabert, th© F!r«
King, used to enter an oven which ranged
from 400 to 600 degrees Fahrenheit.-
A common modern remedy for rheuma
tism is the baking of the body in an
asbestos tub heated at 225 degrees.
Nobody knows what t*kes place in th«
human system under stress of sunstroke.
Dr. Sambon. of London, the greatest au
thority upon the question, pronounces
sunstroke an infectious disease. He saya
It ' is due to micro-organism. True sun*
stroke, says Dr. Sambon. is unknown in
Europe. It i- does not occur In Central
America or. in the high table lands of tha
United States.
The limit of what one may endure la
the way of solar beat Is, of course.' how«
ever,' far from that at which normal
health is more or less In danger.
The doctors declare that anything above
85 degrees in a . temperate climate, such
as that -which New Tor k Is supposed to
enjoy, constitutes a menace.
• The chief reason for this Is, naturally,
that: the human system In the temperate
zones ¦ is , not I acclimatised to so fierce ; a
.temperature and has no chance to become
so owing to the comparatively short dura*
tloa of ,th9 heated periods.' ? ' '. '
HOW MUCH HEAT
CAN A HUMAN
BEING STAND?
sirable camp requires the following: A
flat dry place, with*»»»neth!ng to make
your resting place easy, if possible; plenty
of good water; plenty of fuel, but with
freedom from danger of setting the coun
try on fire: protection from wind, as an
exposed place might make sleeping un
comfortable.
• How to find all these necessary quali
ties in a camp is difficult; therefore, I say
that if you reach such a place between 4
and 5 in the afternoon with a good day's
work behind you make a camp by all
means, especially if you are uncertain of
the road ahead. If you put it on! an hour
or two you may find the sun going down
and your party half way up some grade
•with no camping place within five miles.
Moreover do not choose a settlement for
a camp if it can be avoided; except to
purchase supplies this is a disadvantage
rather than otherwise.
Now let us consider what is necessary
on a camping expedition- to the individ
ual and to the party. Let us figure on a
party of three. First on the list is a coffee
pot. The size of this should be in pro
portion of one pint (two cups) to each
person. A two-quart camping pot can be
obtained for 35 cents. Be sure to boil it
out thoroughly with soap and then with
fresh . water. Frying pan— for three this
should be of good size; for five I would
add a small en». This can fit inside the
larger. Sauce pans: Get a granite "dou
ble boiler"; this will answer about all the
purposes of an exacting camp cook in this
respect. Rope: Even if there Is no ani
mal with the party I contend that a coil
of clothes line, twenty-five or thirty feet,
is desirable for emergencies. Dish towels,
three or four. Brown soap. Two galvan
ized table spoons. Small butcher knife,
if no belt knife is carried in the party.
Can opener and matches..
I regard a compass as indispensable on
such a journey, for the safety of the
party. Be provided with a . cloth covered
canteen. This can be obtained for 35 cent3
upward at gun shops. When necessary
fill with water and soak the felt. Evapo
ration, keeps the water cool: Good maps
are a great convenience and sometimes a
"necessity. Address the Director, United
States Geological Survey, Washington, D.
C. enclose 10 cents (not in stamps), and
he will send you two magnificent maps
that are worth ten times the money. Ask
for Yosemite and Sonora squares.
For .the benefit of the party, and. to
avoid two persons carrying the same
things, I would suggest the following: ' A
Email variety of needles, black and 'whit*
thread (not too fine), a few buttons, a
email pair of scissors, a cheap thimble, a
small bit of wax, a. little tape, and three
papers of safety, plna, small, medium and
large." Last .but not least, a few bachelor
buttons. ¦..-.;, .
As the subject of eating is very. Import-
R-^GING. boiling volcano of sliver
f I and diamonds. Such are the Ne
r"H vada Falls this year, and the rest
• I of Yowmite do«s not suffer by
contrast. It has been truly a
grand year In the valley, for the snow has
been heavy on the high Sierras and the
streams full In consequence, which has
riven us m&mlflcent falls and abundant
vegetation.
T» a person «£ means visiting Yosemite
Van«y Is a very simple matter. It con
sists ef buying- a round-trip ticket, pack
la* » Tails* and taking the proper train
aad stag*. Arriving in the valley one can
stay at th* ketel or find accommodations
at #a« of th* permanent camps. But to a
person of limited means a visit to the
ET*t.t park 1* bo «uch simple matter, and
uu *ogg*etlons to this das* I believe are
aimers aoce»tablt.
£•«« people znake a mistake In visiting
th* valley at ail. If you are going to cal
cttlat* the amount of building material in
El Ce.pl tan. if you are going to sigh over
the amount ef power In Bridal Veil going
te waste, or compare the view before you
wtth that seen from Mount Lowe or St.
Bplft&a ia favor ef th* last two, you would
brtter stay a«xjr, Tou will certainly
1TMt* yeur •trn time and annoy your
BflffhbcM with your remarks.
Ther* are flv* methods of visiting the
TfJ|eT-«*y ttig*. by wagon, by horse, on
¦» blsjole ani on foot. While the last may
tare serious Aitadvantages to some, after
all many ptcpie believe It to be the only
tn»* way «f getting th* most oi/t of the
tflp. At this na* been my favorite
aeUaed, i ffjy en «er a few suggestions to
t°y vho aay wish to make the at
ttcj>t.
If * 9*ftr *€ three »r more eta be ar
**»f*4 It If very, desirable to hav© a pack
•Stall, lrot a» this involve* complication
ia th* rHw* *t expense, care *f the ani
mal, tn* «<jlectio-. of a proper one. etc., I
will net ventur* t» eay any more on this
polfit If it 1» eeclded to carry the lug.
gar* frcm flfteea to eighteen pounds must
be calculated. Six to seven pounds will
be allowed for blankets, and the re
mainder for personal articles, cooking
utensils and provisions.
As for the best method of carrying a
pack I can only B ay that there are as
tnar.y different methods as there are peo
ple who carry a pack. However, the style
that suits me best is to roll my package
as tight and as cylindrical as possible and'
eling it from one ahoulder to the opposite
hip by a strap. O n the inside of this
etrap, at the shoulder, have a broader
piece of leather sewed to protect the
Bhoulder from liability to chafe.
Right here let r ae offer a word ef ad
vice that, if followed, will relieve the
travelers of 8om<s unnecessary trouble
while on the march,. When packing up In
the morning bo arrange matters that at
lunchtime there -will be no unpacking to
be done; and, moreover, if it is necessary
to stop and cook 'dinner before
camp for the night ther* will be little re-
packing.
Tramping through, an almost uninhabit
ed country and among. lonely mountains
one would naturally suppose that when;
It comes time to make camp all that is.
necessary Is to Etop wherever you 'are.
Unless you dispel this Illusion ; you are^ 1
Quite likely to regret having harbored*
Euch an idea. Bear ' in mind tl»at a de
4 '¦•''¦ *-' '¦
wear your shoe* at night. - .
While on this subject let me «ay that I
am accustomed to cut out two or thre*
pairs of insoles from extra good quality
of cardboard. I would suggest this for the
double purpose of keeping the stockings
clean and to make the feet fit snug In case
the shoes prove a trifle too loose, In which,
case it is as bad as being too tight. More
over, should the feet swell, as does hap
pen sometimes, the cardboard can be re
moved. On the contrary. If y° ur shoe8 •*•
snug and, your feet swell you are literally
••in a box." If you take the trouble to cut
these insoles, make a good job of it, a*
otherwise they will do you no good.
As the head, neck and ears may be cold
during the night a handkerchief laid over
the head and the four corners drawn to
gether under the chin and fastened with a
safety pin will be sufficient for comfort.
Now 'concerning the routes. Of thes*
there' are three; • and it Is not necessary,
nor do I suggest, that the same route b«
taken both* ways.
Route 1-Take, night boat to Stockton.
Fare. 50 cents; berth, 50 cents to IL Rail
to Chinese Camp: fare, $3 50. From hero
It Is sixty-five miles to the guardian's
office In the valley. Th* road is good.
The first heavy grad* la Priest* Hill,
about 2200 feet from th« river to Bi* Oak
Flat, or 3200 inall. Qroveland Is tb* last
place to make purchase*. From her* to
Crockers (or Sequoia) th* country undu
lates. At Hogdon ranch. 467S feet, begin*
thelast long grade; reachinr 7200 *t Gin
Flat, when the long descent into th« val
ley begins. I. would suggest right -her*
that "Oh My Point" be named Exclama
tion Point. One* of the great features of
this route is the South Fork of the Tuol
umne Cany on. and the beautiful fall*.
Route 2— Take train to Merced, $4 S5.
-The distance to the valley is eighty miles.
The road is fair-as good as any for. on©
who is tramping. . First heavy grade Is
after. leaving Coulterville. about 1200 feet.
At the latter ' place , the ' last purchases
must be made. •There are fine camping
: places after passing; Dudley. „ From Bow
ers Cave another grade of -2000 feet is en
" countered, reaching 5000 feet in altitude.
Near Merced Grove 6000 feet Is reached.
*Froni here into the valley the road rolls
gently.' only, exceeding the altitude named
by two or three hundred feet. The great
-feature of this route is the beauty of the
:- high Sierras unfolding at every important
' bend in ( tbe road— something which is de
nied on other routes. ¦¦¦¦',"
Route 3— Take rail to Raymond, J6. Dis
tance into the valley sixty-eight miles. A
heavy grade is ' reached . on \ crossing ' the
Chowchilla Mountains, .6000 feet above the
sea. •; At -Wawona-. supplies., can be ob
tained^ From here the grade is 2200,feet—
then , comes '. the , dip ] Into . the valley.' The
greaVfeature of this route is the;Wa'wGna
y alley, . second only : to To'semite,' ¦ Sid*
-trips of half a day •*ch will Uk» on* t«
the Marlposa big trees and to Chllunslna
Falls. Roads are Tery good on this route.
Concerning expenses other than trans
portation: My bill for provisions two
years ago was $7. This year It was $8.
These Included some meals taken on th*
boat, at different towns and once fn th*
valley. This year my Incidentals amount
ed to $1 60-on my last trip the Item was
much less. In providing for a trip $1
should be Included In the estimate for toll
-60 cents each way, It will be seen by
these figures that, omitting the Item of
clothing and personal equipment; blank
ets, etc., a tramping trip to the Yosemlts
can be undertaken for fifteen or twenty
dollars, according to the route. As for
*the tim* of the tramp four days should
be allowed on the first and third route*
and five on the second.
7
THE SUNDAY C ALL.
How
to
see
the
Yosemite
afoot.; His correspondence is one. long record
of the politics " of the period, and to his
credit are many generous and kindly
acts. : > y^^i
Everybody sought his influence, from
the man' who desired to get a special
brand" of champagne aboard the Presi
j dent's private car on a railway trip to the
official seeking a pension for a poor
widow or a position for some poor man.
Chaabwlln wm rperson* grata" with
President Arthur, and many acknowledg
ment* of '."birds and other delicacies
earn* from Mr. Phillip, the Presidents
private secretary. One of the old clerks
says It was no uncommon, thins; for a
gentleman to rush In and say, "John, let
me have ten or twenty dollars. I'll give
it to you to-morrow." After the man had
rot It and >one: Chamberlin would, say.
"Who waa that? I don't remember him."
August Belmont, in May. 1375, wrote:
"A few years ago you made me a present
Louis Lorlllard wrote in the centennial
year: "My brother George- will give you
for Tom Ochiltree $5000, and you to hav«
25 per cent of his winnings If they should
amount to $10,000 or over; or $7300, you ta
have no interest in him. This Is providing
you can give good title and tho horse is
sound, etc. All over $7300 up to $10,000 he
will give you. This, of course. Is for the
year 1876."
"Dear John: Kindly send to the In
closed address two or three cans of pre
pared terrapin (is that the way to spell
the. Insect?), with instructions as to boil-
Ing, etc. Yours very truly, .
; >y "E. A. BOTHERN.
"P. S.— Send them with E. A. Sothern'e
kind regards, and let me know how much
I owe you for them. Pay tha express
charges. B. A. 8."
Edward A. Sothern of illustrious fame,
who won the hearts of all Americans, waa
a close friend of ChambeTlin and his fam
ily and much "Interested ; in bis cookery.
In January. 18S0, he wrote:
"Ned" Sothern Terrapin Letter.
Charles A. Dana wrote. November. 1875:
"I- have had your favor of the 3d lnst.
.for several days, but have been so occu
pied with making arrangements for
moving\into town from the country that
I have not had a moment to answer it. I
now expect to be In the city again at the
beginning of next week, and shall b<s
ready to try the horse. But thi3 ia not
certain, and with your kind permission I
will communicate with you upon th»
subject.". ,
"Your kind invitation to dinner this
afternoon has this moment come to hand.
I have dinner company which will prevent
my acceptance, but hope to see you be
fore leaving the city."
William H. Vanderbilt wrote:
"My Dear Chamberlin: Nothing but
press of business and the fact that I must
leave this city Thursday deprives mo of
the pleasure of taking a run down to
Long Branch and seeing the horses at
their work. I am greatly disappointed at
not being able to go, and much obliged to
you for Inviting me. Truly yours.
i . "GEORGE" H. CUSTER."
General Custer wrote a historical nota
to Chamberlin. because it wa3 on the eva
of the former's departure for the Indian
campaign which resulted in the massacre
of himself and all his troops:
"Please to take notice that I hereby put
you upon your Inquiry as to any llbeloua
matter composed or printed in a paper
called 5 the Free Lance and directed
against me. I send you this notice by
legal advice."
During Mr. Chamberlin's memorable
quarrel with George Wllkes and John
Morrissey, when Chamberlin was bitterly
attacked, the response was a surprise, for
Wllkes - owned the Spirit of tlje Times,
while ChamberUn. who was without much
editorial support, replied In pamphlets
and contributions in a free lance weekly,
which caused Wilkes to write:
THE SUNDAY CALL;
1 *John : F; J Chamberlin .was born In"- Daniel
Webster's State.l Massachusetts,' in Pitts
field,*' ia 1836. • He ; , went ' to } New} York as a
Mr. Chamberlain's Unique Care«r. •
That Mr. Chamberlin's '_ cookery 'was '¦ a :
force In politics, and even; In business af-' r
fairs, there Is no" doubt, but greater than
alp was the Influence - of ' his hones ty and
dominating personality. -¦]' .-•¦;• ;;-;-• ¦''''•¦'' >-' "*-.:'
•¦; Just before his. death In August, UM, he
was ; called /'the last survivor of a coterie
of, sporting men who despite their, calling I
secured/ and; retained 'the .i respect , 'and ;
friendship of the best and, brightest public
men— statesmen, soldiers and 1 scholars." •'
?.:¦ Among ? ¦ the> volumes v; of *' articles ' and"
sketches that ; ; have appeared about Lim
hardly, a reference is made as ; to ; his - na
tivity • andt early . life/,: : '^ v : : - • ..-;¦• .• ~ ;.:""/> '
" Regarding cooks he had his^own ideas.
He employed six , head colored iooks,
equal, he said \ to, any . ten^ thousand dollar
a year French. oooks. .^"Ana they are my
servants; I am ' not ' theirs," he empha
sized. . " ;
Mr. Chamberlin ; invented many dishes,
Improved others and made them popular
for the first time. . One of . his specialties
of epicurean delicacy.- was cod tongues,
which, he said, could be prepared to rival
any dish commanding Delmonico prices: '
- He said, the true art of cooking was to
retain the .natural, flavor, of fish, flesh or
fowl, not. extinguish it with sauces. Ha
contended that. New I Yorkers never saw a
deviled' crab properly prepared in their
city. 1 . .'.* -. . ¦¦•¦¦• --v-.y' ..*' r' ;.--.'-.'
"He declared that no part of the Union
could produoe turkeys comparable with
those raised in . Rhode Island. It 9 was
claimed that, /owing to the limited area
of the State, the turkeys did not lose flesh
from over exercise. 'y- They, were fed on
chestnuts of a rare variety, ground' up
with porterhouse steak : and other whole
some meat '
Mr. Chamberlin had' original opinions in
regard to the' preparation of his dishes
and the selection of his 'game and wine.
He secured his delicacies from different
parts of .the. country," supposed to deal in
specialties: butter: came from • Phila
delphia, turkeys from ivhode Island, ter
rapin from Baltimore, etc. : '' ¦"' ¦¦>'
The Art of Artistic Cooking.
, "It is compounded of hot water,' the
great stomach remedy for t dyspepsia;
baked apples, , a specific for. torpid liver,
with sufficient old applejack added ; to
destroy the bacteria and other dangerous
microbes in the water. Absorption ad
inlinitum.— See Farmer. Kilbourn, . % in
Encyclopaedia Britarinica, Vol.* J. F.'C.;
A. D. 1892-1S93." .'"¦•; .; .,
"Farmer John Chamberlin's famous
applejack— 'The. i farmer's --, tipple,' at
Chamberlin's celebrated Grange, Wash
ington. D.C., U. S.;A.\ is confined mostly
to applejack, which is an innocent bever
age indulged in for sanitary purposes
principally. ( -
"Eggnog, one gallon — Pulverized- sugar
(not., granulated), one pound; and, a
quarter; eggs, fresh laid, twelve; best
cognac, one quart: champagne, half pint;
nutmeg, even" tablespoonful, powdered;
sweet milk from cow, two- quarts; sweet
cream, one quart..- ,
'/Thoroughly beat up the yolks of the
eggs and incorporate them With the above
;by thorough and repeated'stirrins; make
the whites of the eggs into. light, foamy,
snowy whiteness and place on top. Three
tablespoonf uls of rum, 100 years old (or
as near as you can get it)."
, "Then, 'Drink it" down, drink it down,'
to the health of those you love.'.'.
bottle brandy, three-quarters tumbler' of
rum, one tumbler. strong black tea; three
strained lemons, powdered sugar to taste.'
James H. Coleman expressed his grati
tude . for a kindness done In behalf of a
poor widow who wanted a position In the
Government, and Chamberlin secured It
for her. Coleman wrote: "I know not
how to thank you. You have done a good,
kind act— a deed \of the purest charity.
You : will have the benefit of a poor
widow's prayers."
. Chamberlin's seemed to be a sort of
clearing house for all forms of loans, pay
ments and debts of gratitude. The treas
urer of a. bank note company wrote 1 "The
man's name is Jerome. I owe him £0.
You will find a draft for that amount in
side. Please hand it to him.: Should Mr.
Jerome prove, to be a proud-spirited cuss
and decline to. receive the. money, hand^
the draft to H. H. or, to some other poor
devil who ; may b« drawing Ms ration*
free at your bounteous table."
ef an Alderney cow named Sweetheart.
which I desire to have entered 1b the
American 'herd book. Will you be kind
enough to give me the necessary Informa
tion that I may furnish the exact date of
her importation and the- name of the ves
sel she cams by? Her pedigre* is all
right, but they want the above data. Pray
excuse the trouble."
Here is a man in troutlei
"March 3, 1880.— My servant man la ar
rested and at the station house. I want
$50 for deposit to get him out to-night.
Please hand the amount to the officer do
liverin? thte. Will return in the morninj.
On reflection, cash my check. Truly your
friend. BEN HOLLADAT."
Hirer, and Harbor Legislation Wanted
Military men also wanted Mr. Chamber
lin's assistance. Colonel William Crook,
of Indian fame, wrote: "If proper, con
venient or possible, please ask General
Reagan to agree to" an Increase of appro
priation for the Red River of the North.
See River and' Harbor bill H. K. 6060.
Twenty thousand will do us but very Mttle
good beyond recognition. Senator Mc-
Millan may, and I trust will, ask for an
Increase of $20,000. Only do this II It la
right and proper. General Reagan's course
on the transportation matter has won our
peqple and the appropriation for Red
River is positively against the monopoly,
as Mr. Washburn of Minnesota Is pre
pared to prove. Also that the appropria
tion for the Missouri River above the
mouth of the Yellowstone (125,000) Is too
small by half. For th* Yellowstone proper
$15,000 Is only half enough. Our whole
Northwest is very much interested. Now
good by. Your friend truly,
"WIIXIAM CROOK."
Oelenel John K. Fellows also wanted a
favor— a ehiac* t» keep away from ti«
reporters.
"Bear ChamberUai It la essential t&at
I should ha>v* a quiet room to day, as X
do sot wlsb. to have th« papers know et
my presence (In Washington). Can you
fix mo out? X shall probably aot need is
to-night."
Her* U a totter from Lawrence Jeroas*
who wants to oblige a friend:
"My Dear John: I inclose you Lowell's
letter. Won't you ask Senator Vest to
do me the favor to se* Benedict on tnls
matter? Go with him personally. You
will do Lovell and me a great favor by so
doing. I know Vest would like to oblige
me."
This is young Lovell's letter, dated Tuc
son, Aril., May 23, 1887: "Excuse my
bothering; you again about young Maher*s
appointment, but it Is a matter tn which
I am very much interested, j Will you not
kindly find out what father can do In the
matter?— you know the ropes so well— and
let him know It. He will do It. but does
not know exactly what ia needed. Very
respectfully, LOVELL H. JEROME."
His Washington hotel, known as Cham
berlin's, on the corner of, Fifteenth and I
streets; was. made r of three dwelling!;,
formerly "occupied by members of Con
gress—Fernando Wood, James O. Blaine
and .Tom Swann. It was 'more of a club
than,' a hotel and more of a home than;
either. A patron was taken care of from
the time 'he i entered "until his departure,
and was provided with everything i from
terrapin to a' bed— with money, if he need
ed any. : '
Among the hundreds of well known men
of the countryhls friends and guests were
.Grover,. Cleveland, Chester A. Arthur,
Roscoe' Conklinff, ' T. B.. Reed, -Senator
Jones of Nevada, Congressman ; Cura
mlngs,' Henry 'Watterson, Senator Vest,
John . W. Mackay,-.- '•Billy' 1 Florence,
"Phil" Thompson : of Kentucky, . Lawrence
-Jerome, :, William ¦ R. ,Travers, "Tom"
' Ochiltree, Robert Garrett and most of the
': big • railroad . bfflciajs * of the > Union ; and
men of genius and influence with, the
Government. 1 ; : '.; '.'} , • ' '
v "¦. At Chamberlin's many historic games
of poker; have * been ' played the < large
found green tables in the private room* of ;
the hotel; -at which,: it was said, large
', sums * were .' purposely . lost . to , %th» '- right
- political ~l parties . who were to -put some
v bill *or project' through the House. • '
' ; ¦ But > to John ' Chamberltn's credit, be it
' declared/* that,"* personally,/ he • never, lent"
"himself .to -any. dishonorable schemes.- His
I purse « was ; always " open , ; and ' the ' records
oX his^ kindly acts "are" innumerable. -I Mr,
boy, to seek his tortune. "Ben" Harper,
a famous Mississippi River capitalist.'
took a- fancy to hip and gave him special
saloon privileges on the big palace steam
boats that piled between St. Louis and
New Orleans before the war. On these
trips he made the acquaintance of famous
men, won the friendship of big planters
and important men of that . day; maoe
money enough -to open a high class sport
ing resort in, St. Louis', and saved up a
fortune. Then he went to New York City
and opened the finest clubhouse In Ameri
ca. ¦¦/';" His success was immediate aii'l
marked. Men eallejL him the squarest
and most popular man in the country. Be
ing fond of horses, be, bought thorougn
breds, then Jmilt the Monmouth Park rac
ing stable*, .with the finest track in t\\a
Union." He was the first to establish high
class' racing. in the East. He opened his
famous, clubhouse at Long Branch and .
conducted it with such ability and hon
esty as to make it nationally popular.
-It. L was said of him that "while a
gambling house proprietor, he was never
•tainted with; the Impurities of his calling;
as the j owner .of | great and important
stablds he was never 'horsy,' and as the
landlord of big hotels he was more like a
gentleman "entertaining his friends than a "
public host." ' . , ;
Worked for Thoroughbred Racing:.
He was the first .to -awaken national
interest In thoroughbred racing.; His ag
gressiveness and growing prosperity made
him enemies among adventurers and oM
time touts. Unscrupulous men of political.
Influence and wealth, who saw nothing "In
the sport beyond opportunity for gam
bling and winning money, regardless of
fair dealing, said they would drive him
out' of business. In. attempting to -make
his racing Stables and clubhouse national i
sporting institutions, competing with Sar
atoga, he aroused the hostility of a syndi
cate of gamblers led by John Morrissey
and George Wllkes. A long- and bitter
warfare was waged uniquely and success
fully by Mr.' Chamberlin, but . ho lost so
much money on the 'turf that . he finally
removed ''. to ¦ 'Washington, ; and there
achieved new fame, and fortune and won
powerful' influence with men high la the
Government. - : _.-.•. ,
His Greatest Lobbying' Teat.
One of the most extraordinary of his
achievements was his securing a Govern
ment grant of land for the big Chamber
lin Hotel, at Old Point Comfort, on which
he lavished his fortune.
Havemeyer.v "the J sugar king," was
interested with him. It was said, for
political service rendered, . and put vast
sums into the enterprise, probably two
millions being expended on the building
and furnishing. The late Senator Hearst
was also- said to have been a heavy
investor in the hotel. ;
It was made a stock company, and
Chamberlin and others received a large
block of the common stock for their out
lay, which has recently been wiped out,
rendered valueless by the sale and trans
fer of the property to the Old Point Com
fort Association, now owning the Hygeia.
keeping the latter open in summer and
the Chamberlin during the winter months.
This palace hotel proved too large to be
profitable or even return an . adequate
Interest on the enormous .sum it had
originally cost. The building of the hotels
at Palm Beach and elsewhere on the
Atlantic coast, 'with improved railway
service, seriously interfered with the suc
cess of the venture. . "g
But the fact that Chamberlin could, se
cure a Government grant of the land
shows the strength of his political Influ
ence. The right Is reserved in the grant
to reclaim the land If required for war or
naval purposes, and the structure would
In that case have to be torn down and re
moved. . . .
Mr. Chamberlain's Full With Police.
But Mr. Chamberlin's influenae waa
not confined to political life In Washing
ton. He had friends with a "pull" In. tne
New York Police Commissioners.
* The late Stephen B. French, president of
the . New York Police Board In the
eighties, and whose presentation sola
shield was found the other day at a pawn
broker's, was a warm admirer of Cham
berlin. whos* "pull" was of national di
mensions.
"Police Department, President's Office,
"New York, September U, UtL
"My Dear Chamberlin— The reed birds
reached me in most excellent. order, and
I made a most delicious breakfast on
some of them this morning. I appreciate
your kindness and thougntfulnes*. Your
friend, S. B. FRENCH."
In September, 1831, Mr. French, through
his secretary, wrote that he had attended
to the transfer of Patrolman Richard
Leary from the Twenty-seventh precinct
to the steamboat squad at the request of
Mr. Chamberlin.
His Remarkable Correspondenc*. -
Among the mass of correspondence left
by Mr. Chamberlin are interesting letters
from distinguished men . and national
characters.' ¦ ¦ Z-. :'*,-
Roscoe Conkling wanted to give a pri
vate dinner and wrote: - •
"My Dear Sir— May I have a' fair din
ner at 6 o'clock to-day ror Senator Jones.
Mr. Johnson and myseir— 3? ; •
"Please have - some • champagne very
cold. Yours cordially,
; "ROSCOE CONKLJNO.
"Mr. Chamberlin."
. President Arthur's thanks •¦ for some
delicacies were thus ..expressed by his
private .secretary:'
•' "Executive Mansion, Washington,
* / "July 2. 1832.
. "My Dear Sir: I have your, note of yes
, terday, and the President desires me to
: thank you t for ..the whitebait and peaches
J which accompanied' it!.' ,They were de- T
licious and much enjoyed by 'him.-'
Very truly yours, ; '
- "FRED. J. PHILLIPSL"
Sweetbreads and Rarebits.
Among the line aits of cookery none re
quires more of that something, that deft
touch of the master, than in tne prepara
tion of sweetbreads. Chamberlin's were
famous. Here is his secret:
"Sweetbreads a-la Hearnaise— Put the
sweetbreads in warm water till they are"
white. Dry them between two towcis, cut
them and cook slightly with clarified but
ter, salt, pepper, without, letting them
get any color. Dip the edge of tne paper
case in churned yolk, then fry in cream.
Put in a saucepan hashed shallots lau
rel, whole peppers, nutmegs, one glass of
tarragon vinegar; cover the pan"; -Vfter
everything is cooked niter the reduction
and let it cool..
"For one pint of sauce put in a e'auce
pan six yolks, some pieces of fine butter
the above reduction, a spoonful of Ger
man sauce (turn, without leaving) and
add pieces o. butter till you get the quan
tity of sauce you want; when: your sauce
is smooth, add some fresh hashed tarra
gon chives, and before serving it a little
piece of meat Jelly; put the sweetbreads
in the paper oases, then the sauce, and
serve hot." .
How to make a Welsh rarebit U "an
other of the lest arts exhumed.* Hardly
one swell restaurant In ten serve* a
Welsh rarebit on which one can sleep
without fear of awakening in Bellevue
Hospital.. Chamberlln's Welsh rarebit
delicacy la like a ' poem, and. . tie recipe
runs thus: .
' 3 elih *«*«Wt.-Four ounoes of cheese,
half an ounce of butter, a spoonful ' of
made mustard, ..two > tablespoonf uls of
cream; cayenne and black pepper to' taste.
"Grate or. chop the cheese, then in a
bowl with a spoon, or in a mortal with a
• pestle, rub all to a uniform paste, adding
or not,' as you like, a tablespoonful of ale,
porter. - beer or . champagne ; t make " a slice
of rather, thick toast, which dip an In
stant in boiling water and place in the
. oven. • ¦ ¦ . . ¦ - - , :¦.¦..¦'
"Now transfer your prepared" cheese
mixture to a saucepan and stir over gentle
heat until melted, then heat up quickly
and pour upon the- toast and serve; this is
a quantity- for one person.- Time required
from: three to five minutes. 'This recipe
won, the respect of ; Congress.'/ ' ';.:¦.'
Oiling the Wheels of Government
And now for 'the. Chamberlin 'drinks,
• which 'eased the wheels 'of ; government
under Presidents Arthur ' and - Cleveland
and ••Torn." -.Reed. It Us estimated J, that
but for these refreshments ¦ many - of ; the
great measures, now; Important laws of the
" land would \ have , been ; stranded • deep - in
the mud of Salt River, i To make a'- Con
gressional punch', read Mr."" Chamberlin's
carefully worded -directions:,: \; t ,
"Congressional punchy-One quart lemon
.Juice, very ; sweet; -one. quart i whisky, one
pint brandy, > one : quart ; claret,; .one . quart
¦• and pint • champagne, v V Fruit— Oranges,
fsliced;>bananas,':etc.:. liquori to taste. . "-' ..
¦ " "Champagne - punch * for twelve 'people-
Two ' bottles r champ'agne," one-quarter
kettle or pot of cold water to boil. Let
¦ the water get!hot gradually aHH continue
to cook the ham in a slow boil, scarcely
more than a simmer. At trie end of five
hours take the ham out,- throw the water
out of the pot' and fill itjwith • fresh cold
water. Put the ham back i immediately
and let it simmer or boil slowly tty'e hours,'
more. Then add, according to the ? size.of;
your purse, a gallon ot vinegar ora.'gal-:
Ion of claref or burgundy or champagne;,
then simmer or boil for three hours more.
Then take the' ham "off, skin it "and put in
a cool place.. Next morning trim it and
eat when you are ready. To prevent the
ham lrom tearing or the water suddenly
boiling too fast, it Is always safe to sew
a piece of cotton cloth tightly around the
ham so as to fit It as. close as a glove.
1 his will keep the meat -firm and guard
.against the neglect 'of the cook in letting
the water boil too fast."
•:Oldt Virginia Ham— Put ham in bucket
of tepid v.ater and allow to' stand ail
In morning put it. in pot of cold
water and. allow it to come to simmer,
not boiling, and let it stewJiv* hours. If
desired 10 flavor," make a boiling mixture,
one quart champagne, one quart Clos
Vcquet Burgundy,: a pinch of mace' and
a Pinch <jf cloves. Let the ham stand,
alter taking it off the stove, in Its juice
twenty-four hours, and then serve— the
Senatorial mouth watering .with expec
tancy and delight." , . .
' To .boll a Ham! One of the historic Inci
dents in -Washington was > when "Sam" ¦
Ward.; during a Congressional investiga
tion, gave a detai!?d account of how h\
cooked a ham for three days with a -wisp
of hay and a bit of sweet briar In the
water, and brought -his stubborn Senator'
- to terms — he and his friends voting for
the bill. But Chamberlin cooked his hams
so successfully that no investigation by
Congress followed. Here is Chamberlin's
autograph recipe for cooping . ordinary":
' hams,' and those sweet, nut-flavored hams
of old Virginia: . . > v
/ "To Boil a Ham a la Chamberlin— The
night before put the ham in atublof cold
¦ water, fleshy.' part • downward, ."skin '"part
: up. Ms ext, morning put the ham in fc, lar^o;
Secret of Boiling- tt«tw.
"Canape Lorenzo. — Chop a medium sized
shallot, fry lightly without coloring in
two. ounces of butter; add a tablespoonful
of flour and wet with a pint of cream;
add one pound of crab meat, salt and
pepper, and leave on the fire until it has
just begun to bubble. Cut slices of bread
one-quarter of an inch thick, trim in any
desired shape, either round, oval or
square, and toast on one side only.
"Put your : ingredients on the toasted
side and cover _ them with a layer one
etg-hth of an Inch thick of butter prepared
as follows: One-quarter of a pound of
butter and one-half pound grated Par
mesan cheese. "¦ Mix well together and
•mmo with red - and white . pepper. Put
your eanapes on a buttered dish and color
in the even." • f : V^^'^'V-'^"^
•- Ana *r*ter«— ourrled oysters! The treat
eceaa ! la' embroidered from . Maine to
Texas with oysters, and they hare them
on the I Paoiflo coast twloe as brassy' as
those of Burope, yet how few oooks know
bow . to • prepare this dish. Chamberlin
says.: ; y \ U;p>f*C\ H'PzW^ ¦' -
"Curried Oysters— One quart oysters;
one teaspoonful curry, powder; one table
spoonful flour; . one ' tablespoonful butter;
salt and pepper. Cook the oysters over a
slow fire in' their own juice; if not suffi
cient to cook, then add a little water; add
salt and pepper, butter and curry, flour.
When the oysters are. firm, moisten, the
flour with .water, .to make a paste, and
thicken with liquor. It must be watched
carefully and -stirred, thoroughly after
adding the flour and water.** 'v.'-.'V-V- •".;-;
Having finished the above recipe, Mr.
Chamberlin wrote another, the dtsh of
which he tried on his favorite Senator*,
and the bill was passed. Read the recipe:
Then the Bill Was Passed.
"Soft clams (chafing -dish).— Liquor of
clams; teaspoonful of chopped onion, very
fine; same of parsley;- lump of fresh
butter, good size; -when hot add yolk of
one egg, stirred by Itself, with tablespoon
ful of cream: then put bellies of clams
only, with a wine glass of good Madeira
wine; luen eat and be happy!" >V*v^
"Hard shell clams ', (chafing ! dish).—
Liquor of clams; yolk of one egg. stirred
by itself, with a tablespoonful of cream;
when hot add clams chopped fine, cook a
few moments, then add half wine glass
of good sherry and serve on toast.
Salt mackerel as cooked at Chamber
lin's. Many a dainty, nose with beauty
and fortune behind it has been airily
elevated at the mention of plain, old
fashioned salt mackerel, but never at the
salt mackerel* as cooked by Chamberlin.
His testimony runs to -this effect:
.-."Take one or more mackerel and soak
about forty-eight hours, , changing the
water oncer
"Then put them in a pan large enough
to hold them, cover them with cream or
the nearest you can get to it. Put in
oven and cook until cream is brown. This
beats any mackerel cooking on earth."
There are clams and Congressmen, in
cluding soft and ham shells. Ten years
ago a noted Western statesman ate his
first dam at a country hotel, and he is
chewing on it -yet. ..ith Chamberlin's
clams the result would have been differ
ent, and perhaps Bryariism would never
have been heard of. Chamberlin had this
to say of his own especial way of making
clams as palatable as young humming
birds: <-^
How to Cook a Mackerel.
sliced truffles, pom -into a hot tureen and
serve very bot."
"Then cook the whole* well together for
elx or seven minutes; keep the lid on the
pan while' cooking. Beat in a bowl a pint
of sweet cream and the yolks of two eggs;
add to this 'the lobster; add two i finely
"Take two pounds boiled lobster, pick
all the meat out of the claws; cut the
meat in medium sized - pieces,', place It in
a deep saucepan, with half a pint -of
Madeira and a good sized piece of fresh
butter; season with salt, a little nutmeg',
very little cayenne pepper.
Lobster a la Newburg. Who has not
beard of the lnimitable'flavor that Cham
berlin gave to this dish? The crack cooks
of the land werejsomehow unable to get
the peculiar grace and ; . unction that
Chamberlin gave It, and here Is the secret
published for the first time:
"You can use with this a thin sauce
piquante. Drink champagne frappe and
look for your sweetheart"
"Parboil first. Then souse In finest vine
gar fourteen to twenty hours. Then raise
the m*at from the bone with a fish knife
without breaking, and remove the bone.
Then stuff with pickled mangoes; next
put in pepper, covered with butter and
brcll before proper flre.
particularly partial te the dreamy Influ
ences of Chamberlln's turtle fins. .The
recipe Is given verbatim as Mr/ Cleve
land's friend Chamberlin prepared it.
TwtU flu •& papUlote— what a dish!
Bom* of the Philadelphia politicians were
Twrtl* YImm and LebcttnT
"Tli* cow. terrapin in the best. Besides
furstafcl&v •*!». which are a great add!
tloa,_some persons have b«ca known te
se***a with t pices, but this la aot te the
taste of epicures." . - .
"Put In a itewpan. Make a dressing of
flour, yolks of two hard boiled, ergs, a
third of a pound of the very beat butter,
a proper proportion of Bait, red' pepper,
a small Quantity of rich cream and a
large wineglass of Madeira or sherry to
each terrapin. All of theinrrefiltmtsto
be ef the 1»eit qualities. Dish promptly
and **rve smoking hot.
"When his claws are soft he is suffi
ciently boiled. Take him out and remove
toe bottom shell first. Cut off the head
and claws, and take out the gall and sand
bag, then cut up the remainder. Cut up
the entrails and all about half a,n inch
lone. Be careful to preserve all the juice.
"Put him in boiling water for five min
uter, to loosen the skin, then take him
out, skin him, and replace him in the hot
water.
This explains why one of the river an"!
harbor appropriation bills that had been
on a sand bar for months was sent sail
ing down the avenue for the President's
signature on a flood tide of terrapin and
champagne. • '-•; '
Here is Chamberlin's autograph recipe
for cocking terrapin "a la Chamberlin":
Chamberlin's terrapin with champagne
was the dish incomparable when a feast
was to be given to 'great men and their
ladies. Their appetites were sent sky- '
ward and things difficult easily adjusted
through the magic cookery of the hour.
Terrapin With. Champagne.
Chamberlin was a quiet, dominant man,
of singular executive ability. He. said
little. His cooking did the talking, and
it was a power in the land. It passed
bills and secured pensions. In the aroma
of Chamberlin's incomparable cookery
hostile legislation disappeared.
The Influence of John Chamberlin in the
political life of his period was remark
able. In his house great political schemes
were arranged, and his mediation between
the interested parties over a dinner at
Chamberlin's was a sine qua non.
Was a bill to be rushed through, a pen
sion granted, a position obtained? John
Chamberlin was the man to seek for ad-
Vice.
Many were the stories told of "Sam"
Ward's gastronomic triumphs in winning
Senatorial support to important bills — how
he cooked his hams and compounded won
derful drinks, supposed to warm the
heart and expand the brain, as was dis
closed during a legislative inquiry. But
Chamberlin's entertainments excited no
criticism. Without their knowledge al
most, he appealed to the Senators through
their stomachs, by exquisitely cooked
dishes, his famous terrapin and deviled
crabs, rare old wines and liquors, and
through his generous personality.
Inaccessible men like Grover Cleveland
and the crusty old Senators who defied
lobbying lawyers and pretty women
alike. It Is said that Mr. Chamberlin was
the only Intimate friend Roscoe Conkling
never quarreled with. Conkling said :
"Why call him John Chamberlin? There
Is but one Chamberlin." And yet they
always addressed each other by the first
name. /'Hello, John!" "Hello, Roscoe!"
were their dally greetings. *
eT last, after a quarter of a cen
tury, the secret of John Chamber
lln's most famous dishes Is given
to the world by the Call-Herald by
special arrangement with a mem
ber of the family, and for the first time
they appear In public print. Mr. Cham
berlin'6 wonderful cookery, with his fas
cinating personality, made Presidents and
statesmen his friends for life.
It must have been magic art to win cold.
8
RECIPES BY THE
WORLD'S MOST
FAMOUS
CHEF; The Forth bridge Is constantly being re*
painted,/ So vast in the structure that It
takes* fifty tons of paint te'give it one
coat,' and the area dealt with is «aa»^*hA»<«
Fred Nordholz, John Stanke and - two
brothers, who are at present hunting on
King's ranch, Cazadero, were out ' hunt-
Ing last Sunday and Nordholz was the
lucky one, ha\1ng brought ~ down the
buck killed for many years. The
jKer dressed at 160 pounds. T. F. Bannan,
who has Just returned from, there, reports
the game very plentlf uL
On the Country Club preserves the deer
shooters had a successful day last week.
F. W. Van SIcklen got a forked horn
weighing 154 pounds, the biggest killed In
two years. Mr. Boyd brought in a 117
pounder; W. S. Kittle one that weighed
two pounds less, - Shafter Howard a 140
pounder, J. Le Roy Nickel So and Ed
Preston one that weighed 130 pounds.
HUNTERS OF BIG GAME.
September will be a quiet month among
the local cricketers. The match between
the Pacific eleven and the team' of the
Santa Cruz Country Club, set for to-day,
has already been played, the open date In
last month having been selected for.tha
purpose. The match between Santa Cruz
and Sacramento, set for September 15,
was played on Saturday, July 27, and Sep
tember 22 is an open date. On September.
29 the old antagonists, the Pacific and
Alameda teams, will meet at Alameda for
the last time this season. During the
Admission day holidays a team of city
cricketers will go up to Lake County,
starting on Friday afternoon. September
6. and playing a two days' match against
the Burns Valley Cricket Club at Lower
Lake on September 7 and 8. For Admis
sion day a one day's match probably
be arranged . with the Lakeport Cricket
Club at Lakeport. The city team will be
made up by a committee consisting of H.
C. Casidy of the Pacific,. R. B. Hogue of
the AJamedas and A. G. Sheath _ of ¦¦> the
Santa Cruz Country. Club, who will select
residents of San Francisco and nelghbor-
As Young America won one of the two
matches^ played this j season against -Old
England, and Old England won the other,
a. third, and deciding mach may be played
on one"of.the"op"e'n Sundays of this month.
Mrs. Packard claims all the credit of
the as it was • she who first
hooked the bass and then landed him.
Her husband agrees that she did all the
work and he Is proud of her.
hood. . H. C. Casldy wlll.be taking:.: his
yearly vacation at Highland , Spring* and
will Join the. team' from that place.
One of the largest black sea bass, ever
taken from any waters was that j landed
one day last week off Catallna Island by
Jeff Packard and his wife. The; fish
weighed exactly 328 pounds and was cap
tured after a terrific struggle lasting" four
hours, during which the Packards were
nearly submerged with ' their small boat
Jeff Packard is City Marshal of Bakers
field. * - ¦:. • , ¦/*• .
LANDED A BIG BASS.
AMONG THE CRICKETERS.
STANFORD LOOKS TO
A SUCCESSFUL SEASON
' There is one* novel, distinctly original in
stitution at Recreation grounds — the beer
cage.' This is flat on tne field back of the
first base line. Twenty-five cents extra
. admission entitles the holder of a ticket to
this section to five glasses of beer. . After
that he doesn't care how many and then
the argument waxes warmer and warmer.'
At the end of the game the "cageman"
lenves the grounds, exhausted In voice and .
jubilant' In spirit. It is baseball over the
foam. • ¦• ' . ¦ '
dsco. In fact the disease has spread bo
that the women have taken it up. At
Recreation grounds there are more women
attending the games than ever at Halght
street when the crowd flocked down on
the field Sunday after Sunday. The
noises t fanatic of them all is* lacking at
Recreation grounds, j In the old days he
was set aside in a special stand. ' He is
the small boy who pays 10 cents and gets
hoarse for It. No longer segregated, the
j small boy is scattered in' the crowd and
his gum-chewing enthusiasm is often
nipped In an early bud by the repressing
influence of the older and more sedate
'•bleacher occupant, -whose years are a
gauge on demonstration. . -
There Is a lull among golfers after the
many contests at Del Monte. The week
produced' several- surprises, the first of
which was the'defeatof ErneA.Folger by
E. D. Silent of Los, Angeles, who has. not
generally been regarded as one of- the
strong 'golfers ''of* the south. But in ; the
open championship Ernest Folger beat all
the amateurs except C. E. 5 Maud and v H.
M. Sears. John Lawson was away off his
game, taking * twenty-eight | strokes more
than the: winner,' Robert Johnstone,' to
cover. the thirty-six holes. -F.Vj. 'Reilly of
the • Burlingame Country Club, ; who had
been expected to win one of the prizes,
finished Just- outside of third money,
which ' was divided by. George Smith and
James > Melville, ¦ The - hero ot ¦'¦ gol f week
was C. E. Maud, who won the Del Monte
cup, was second in the open champion
ship, j being -beaten J by only two ) strokes;
and whose score of- 6 up against C. P.
Hubbard j In team .match won the
Byrne trophy! for the south, ,-r • y>
But it was the ladies' championship that
furnished most food , for discussion. The
eventi lost: some Interest from the fact
that j none of the four, strongest southern
ladles— Mrs.* Jean ; W,' Bowers,' Mrs. J. D."
Foster, ¦ Mrs.. F.'H. : Seymour and Mrs.
Clement Hull— came up to contend for the
first woman's 'amateur championship of
the Pacific 1 Coast. rThe" match,; however,
developed enough interest.; as it went on;
and a genuine ¦ surprise , in « the of
Mrs. R. Gilman Brown, who was regarded
as a sure^wlnner.; While, Miss' Crockett
deserved her victory, it; must be ascribed
largely to the circumstances of the con
test. ; The 'sympathy ,* of the 'majority of
the. lookers-on at; the' match was strongly
In ; favor ,; of Miss \ Crockett, 'and at ' one
stage fof the game' its manifestation "was
so ; marked : that .; it .might - fairly : : be
described as "offensive partisanship." The
spectators made audible comments on the
players.T manifesting: great j delight \ when
Miss Crockett played ; -well or, Mrs.i R.:g.
Brown j had ' hard luck. •.; Things \ reached a
point at whlchTthe secretary, of the Pacific
Coast'Gblf "Association remonstrated with
BERKELBT,Aug. 28.— The athletic sea
son is opening at the j University of Cali
fornia under conditions which keep the
students wondering on which side of vic
tory the "college .will -stand when the
year's events are done. The uncertainty
of the. new; material andthe loBS,of;men (
tried on track, diamond and gridiron make'
victories seen) scarce. ! On the other hand,
there, are men left to form the nu
cleus,''for -the athletic .squads,
coaches and good trainers are not want
ing, and these, ¦ with the aid of . experl- '
: enofed men.' j are ; looked ' upon ¦ to create
from the raw material a lot of men capa
ble of , good athletic work. ';'] On these
coaches and C trainers, who. inspire and
force men' to^-work,:is placed the hope of
the student body. ..-. '¦• . j
Asyet work has been carried on only,
in an unsystematic manner. A few of
the. old athletes. were out < on the .track to -.
keep ; limbered 7 up | and \ for exercise, ; but
none . are training. The past ' week/, has
been given over; . to g Interclass - baseball
games, partly for recreation and partly to'
sample the material' oh hand.- As a gen
eral thing the' playing has been of • poor
quality," even among the more experienced
players/ . ; : ',/.v >;'.„'/ : ~.,.v .
¦ This "scattering T work.': -has tended and
during the \ brief training^ season of the
next two months all energies will be given
over to football.* , The '' time I to : get " ; men
into good condition 'is; short, and the ath-'
letes will be forced to rhaerve strict train
' ing rjules and ; to do hard work. •,
the spectators . for '* their -'conduct, '..-which '-;
was unfavorable to 'good play on the part ;
of >• anybody". -.: The .crowd /then ceased % toV.
follow the ¦. players^ and ; Mrs. Brownl won );
six -. straight \ holes, making her.; dormie , JLjg
At the last holes the | crowd rwas encount- ; '
"er ed ? again ; 'I and } Mrs. u Brown, ¦ instead * of
playing .to ; halve 'the- holes and' waiting •>
her l chance, | tried hard.- to i win. >. and lost :
both, making' tbe .match all square: ; >The ¦
nineteenth went ! to &"«• Crn«Vntt and. the v
match went with" it. .-v; .....--.
STANFORD UNIVERSITT, Aug. 29.—
With but five days intervening before the
opening of college Interest", in Stanford's
football prospects is . growing keen. Stu
dents are arriving on every train and
among them, many' of the' football stars.
Traeger, • the star tackle; Cooper, right
end, and Lee, center, of last year's var
sity are already on the campus, and Raltt,
Bansbach, Hill, Smith and R. J. McFad
den, center, are expected daily.
Treasurer John T. Nourse of the Asso
ciated Students has a force of men at
work, on the gridiron, getting it 'In shape
for use as soon as college opens. - Owing
to the fact that the field is adobe and was
used as a baseball diamond It Is extreme
ly hard and will require a great deal of
harrowing. and rolling before the men-be
gin practice. : Treasurer Nourse contem
plates putting . on a covering • of tanbark
with the idea of securing a field both fast
and springy. '¦ :.-' " .¦
5 Trainer "Dad" Moulton . Is expected to
arrive from the East next Monday and
he will at once call out both football and
track men, he being an advocate of fall
training on the track. ; , • ¦ .
Of last- year's football team Captain
Burnett, right, tackle; T. L. McFadden,
left end; De Forest and Seeley, guards,
and Erb, right half, will not be back. . It
Is also probable that Frank Slaker.the
noted fullback, will not return, but will
donah Olympic Club ' suit and be . seen in
the preliminary games. Perhaps the man
hardest to replace is Burnett at right tac
kle, .Hamilton,- the brilliant tackle on the
Rellancft and ' Lick School teams of ' las t
year,' will not enter. Stanford, as was an
ticipated. ¦ Glessner of - Lafayette Is - the
only new. man that has appeared .who can
play/, the position. As ; to guards. Barn
helsel! and. Thompson, the strong second
eleven' combination of last; year; Gilman,
who played the position on the '99 varsity,
and Horan,'. Lafayette's"; big r guard;- are
possibilities^ At end ' Luck and Stanford,
last . year's substitutes, v and . V Lunt.' who
played hard, fast ball en the victorious
freshman team, bid fair to develop varsity
form. — -
Treasurer. Nourse has secured the eer.
ATHLETIC OUTLOOK AT
BERKELEY NOT BRIGHT
GOSSIPY ECHOES FROM
THE DEL MONTE BLINKS
DESPITE the occasional .umplral
troubles that keep the California
Baseball League in more or less
periodic ferment, baseball In thla
city is rapidly . reaching Its old
halcyon • prosperity. . The crowd
that packs the Recreation grounds on
Sundays Is composed of fanatics, some
mild and harmless, others rabid and al
most violent.^ As ¦ In the 'days.' of old,
when scores . were< memorized . and. the
merest detail- of the^ diamond noted, the
habitual attendant of the games to;day
spouts his knowledge whenever chance of
fers. The fanatic has come once again.'
The fanatic is a peculiar order of being.
At times he rouses himself Into a state of
enthusiasm to fall in line with others of
the same sort.; Then he bubbles over,
cackles and is ready, to shake chairs at
the harmless air because ' his team has
done | something the other ;' fellows have
not.! He is Just as fanatical in his grief.
Being decidedly partisan, when his team
loser, he mopes and storms and calls for
a half of this man and that. - ; If there
happens to be a series of black and white
changes in the /game his emotions oscil
late with Just as much regularity of com
mutation. - : . '
FANATICS FOUND
ON CAR AND
STREET.
Baseball Fiend Has
Coring and Talks
. of Balls and Strikes.
This is the wild-eyed fanatic who makes
the noise and -wants to murder the um
pire every other minute.,. But there la
ar-cther kind, the. mild man with the scien
tific cast. He usually goes to the games
unattended. Except tar a few facial
demonstrations he is . cucumberlsh and
polar. After the game he can recite each
Inning! right off the' reel. He Is the criti
cal fanatic who .keeps his condemnation
ard'his swearing to himself. ; •
The '"fans" are growing In San Fran-
The first tournament to be played Is
the doubles and will commence on Tues
day. It" will be completed Wednesday
and the rest of the week will be occupied
by the singles. The championship match
of the doubles will be played on Saturday
afternoon and the championship singles
match on Monday afternoon.
The singles tournament will probably go
to either R. N, Whitney, Bell, Smith or
Weihe. None of these is expected to win
the championship from George Whitney.
Probably the strongest teams in dorbles
will be Bell and Braley, McGavin and
Smith and Collier. and Crowell, and. one of
these teams will in all probability play the
"Whitneys for the championship. ..-,'.-•' ¦:
The present visit of the Southern Cali
fornia experts will do more toward ." the
advancement of tennis on this coast than
anything that has happened in years. The
success of the women's events makes the
success of the men's i tournaments next
week a certainty. Bell, Braley, Hen
dricks and Sinsabaugh, the Southern Cali
fornia cracks, have all arrived and have
entered both 'the singles, and doubles.
The .Whltneys will probably carry off the
honors In both singles and . doubles, but
will be closely pressed by some of the
second class men. It will be interesting
to know Just how the local second class
men will come out with the experts from
the south. •'. •¦¦'. •-.¦' . :• *
Probably the most interesting event
from the spectators' standpoint was the
mixed doubles tournament. Usually these
affairs are very uninteresting and tire
some andresolve themselves Into a match
between the two men, but with such play
ers as the Suttons, Seymours, Miss Hall
and Miss Hoffman in the line-up they are
more Interesting than either the doubles
or singles. ' * '.'
The women's tournaments of the past
week have successful beyond the
hopes of even the most- sanguine." The
success of the- events Is undoubtedly at
tributable to the presence of the six clever
players from Southern California. To
say that the play of the Suttons -was a
surprise would be to put It but weakly.
Such tennis as these clever sisters have
played in the past week has never been
equaled by any woman on this coast be
fore. The most remarkable thing Is that
four Bisters should be so evenly matched
as these are. Heretofore the women's
championship has attracted little or no
attention, but this year the women's
events are as interesting as the men's.
The San Franciscos will drop the clam
bake at McNears Landing set for Sep
tember 8, and the dance at the club
house scheduled for September 14, and
will merge the two events in one grand
clam-bake on September 14 and 15. The
clam-bake a few weeks ago at * Paradise
Cove . was got up by a few enthusiastic
members and was.eo much enjoyed that
it was decided that a similar entertain
ment 6hould be given by the club In lieu
of a dance which would be attended
• hiefly by non-members and would do no
particular good to the yachtsmen.
A large entry list Is expected, and a
second trial of speed between the cup
challenger Helen and the defender Presto
is looked forward to with great interest.
Commodore A. E. Chapman and the
Vallejo yachtsmen believe that the sioop
Helen Is fast enough to beat Frank
Stone's boat, while the Corinthians believe
that when some changes have been made
In Presto, she will beat Helen 'much
more decisively than on August 10.
Next Saturday, September 7, Is an open
day on the schedule of the Corinthians,
while the San Franciscos have a cruise
to McNears Landing, . but this ,will be
dropped. On Monday, September 9, the
sixth annual regatta of the Pacific Inter-
Club Yacht Association will take place,
the yachts being divided into the usual
six classes, with prizes in five classes pro
vided from the Macdonough trophy fund.
The prize for the twenty-footers will be
the Law cup, presented by Herbert ! E.
Law, at one time commodore of the Pa
cific Yacht Club of happy memory.
According to schedule, the San Fran
clscos were to start yesterday for an out
side cruise to Drakes Bay at 3 o'clock .in
the afternoon an signal from the flagship.
But Commodore W. N. McCarthy's
schooner Ramona is still in .southern
waters, and at the time of writing it Is
doubtful If the cruise will be made or not
The yawl Roye.l and the sloops Cygnus
and Thetis, with probably H. R. Simpkins'
yawl Tramentana, were expected to make
the cruise. If the boats make Drakes
Bay there will be a picnic and sports to
day, the return being made to-morrow.
The Corinthians started yesterday for
Lakeville, where they will, spend to-day,
returning to TIburon to-morrow. The
California!) have on their schedule a
cruise to McNears Landing for last night,
continuing on up to Lakeville to-day and
returning to Oakland Creek to-morrow.
Remarkable Tennis Is
Played by the South
ern California Quartet
Increase of Interest is
Displayed in the Ad
mission Day Regatta
SUTTON SIS|ERS
ARE GREAT
ATHLETES.
LONG CRUISE FOR
THE CLUB
YACHTS.
SOME OF THE STICKMEN IN THE CALIFORNIA. BASEBALL, LEAGUE
—MEN "WHO ARE GIVING THE FANATICS' OCCASION FOR DEMON
STRATIONS AND THE COMPARISON OF PERCENTAGE FIGURES.
r Tom - McCaughern of Notre Dame Col
lege Is' another track man who will enter
Stanford this year. He Is a brother of
J.".C- McCaughern, '03, track captain this
year, and It is said ¦ can lead the captain
in his own race, the hundred-yard dash.
Harry Bell, the crack athlete of the
Healdsburg High School, is the leading
acquisition in the line of track men. His
events are the high jump, broad jump and
pole, vault. Two years ago. In the Aca
demic League meet, he took, a place In
each event, two of them being firsts, and
last year took first place In the pole vault,
but. could not come up to his best form
in the jumps • owing to an Injured heel.
Bell has been here for several weeks and
will register with the class of '05 next
Thursday.* > • '.... ' ~ " .
vices of W. McFadden, brother of T. I*,
and R. J. McFadden of last year's varsity,
as assistant rubber to the teams. AI
Lean will have charge of the rubbing
down. ._ ' ,';'.' ;
But the Ariels have not even the con
solation of having succeeded, and were
kept completely in the dark until .their
protests were unavailing. They feel the
more injured because they attribute the
juggling whereby their crew -was ex
cluded to a man who for many years rep
resented their club on the board of man
agers of the Pacific Association, but who
has now transferred his allegiance to the
Post street club. ' A general feeling ' Is
growing among the oarsmen that tho
management of the affairs of the associa
tion has fallen, almost entirely into* the
hands of i men -who no longer ' take any
part In active sports.
Then the Ariels had been all along as
sured that their barge crew would bo
among those selected, but no notice was
given to any of them or to J. A. Qeddes,
their representative, and chairman of the
regatta committee, at what time tickets
for the railroad had been received or
would be distributed. Some of them had
their, trunks packed ready for the sum
mons which never came. Tet the Ariels
had the only, four who could fairly be
said | to be entitled to . go north on th»
ground of their previous performances as
oarsmen, Robert Bills and "W. T. Hove
being seniors, and Harry Poley and L.
Smith being the two strongest men of tha
crew that won the junior barge cham
pionship at the Lake Merritt regatta. The
Alameda crew has In It only one senior
oarsman, P. W. Ayers, while the Olympio
crew's best man was second in the Junior
skiff race at Lake Merritt. The Univer
sity of California shell crew does not con
tain a single man fit to row In a. craft
of that class. When the Question of what
crews should be chosen was In the early
stages of discussion It was stated that
the Astorlans wished to have men who
could take part in other aquatic or land
sports. Now this is a condition which
the Ariels fulfilled especially well, Harry
Foley being a runner and a champion
middleweight boxer, Howe being a swim
mer, Smith a fine water polo player, and
Hanlon being the champion bantam
weight boxer of the Coast. The- Olympio
Club did not even enter a barge crew at
the Lake Merritt regatta, and at one of
last year's regattas a four comprising
some of the oarsmen who went to Astoria
rowed absolutely last of five crews. The
South End barge crew included a. wrest
ler and two moderate single scullers. The
Alamedaa feel that a deliberate attempt
was made to shut them out, but are much
pleased j that promptitude on their part
and a knowledge of railroad affairs made
the attempt fruitless.
The one topic of discussion among tha
oarsmen during the past week has been
the Astoria regatta: . It is generally felt
that there was an unfair distribution of
the . tickets to the north, the Olympic
Club securing about one-half of. the whole
number, while all the rowing: clubs
shared the remaining: half. It has al
ways been understood that the Alameda
and Ariel barge crews would go north,
but a day or two before the time for start
ing the Alameda representative was told
that only two men from this club would
receive transportation. v He stood firm,
however, and insisted that at least four
oarsmen" should be Included, the only con
cession he was willing to make being 'in
regard to the cockswain. Then he was
informed that the ' Alameda boats must
be at the depot that afternoon, and, short
as the time was, this was done,' only to
find "that the car was locked ¦ and the
yardmaster had been strictly Instructed
not to open it- However, choking a cat
with cream fs not the only way of killing
it, and when the car was opened at As
toria an Alameda barge and skiff were
found in it. ' *"
Claim That Distribution
of Favors for Astoria
Carnival Was Partial
DISGRUNTLED ARE
THE ROWING
CLUBS.
Arrangements have been made that Cal
ifornia coursers take in this meet, get
their dogs acclimated and reach St. Louis
in ample time so that a four or five days*
rest will be allowed their dogs.
The affair will be run under the Amer
ican coursing rules and its two stakes
will be unlimited. The programme will
be the running of the Aberdeen cup event
and a puppy stake. Entries will close
September 24.
Through the kindness of the Union
Coursing Park directors. Judge Grace will
have a vacation that he may go on to
judge the big stake. The Madison (S. D.)
Coursing Club has made a bid for Cali
fornia dogs to compete in their strike. At
one time it looked as If there would be a.
conflict In dates with this and tne St.
¦t^;uis Club and some etronp feeling was
'.manifested. The selection of Judge Grace
settled all differences, for the Madi<>on
Club gave way on that account because
of the Interest the Judge's presence would
add to the game throughout the country.
Rather than cause unpleasant feeling the
club voluntarily advanced its date to Sep
tember 25. 26 and 27.
Judge Grace's reputation has traveled
before him and it is with a feeling of se
curity that the dog owners throughout
the country anticipate the running of
their hounds.
The prettiest compliment that could be
frfven to the game at home was the selec
tion of Judge John Grace to preside In
the saddle in this big event* Since it was
published that the judge would to a cer
tainty accept the invitation congratula
tions have been extended to the club from
all sides for having secured the services
of the veteran leashman.
California will be well represented in the
running and Is already named as a likely
candidate for first honors. Many of our
best flyers have been almost promised to
the stake and if one of them should return
-with first honors It would further boom
the sport at home. .. ' .¦>, ••!.;
American Waterloo, a stake that calls for
sixty-four nominations and which will be
run at St. Louis in October next, has a
full entry card, the first time since its in
troduction.
In the hands of true sportsmen whose
one aim is to make coursing a clean sport
and one above suspicion, the pastime has
found favor in the eyes of its strong fol
lowing, and as a result . stands well up
on the list of our attractions. Gaining
steadily in popularity, the game, through
the unselfish actions of the committee
which controls it. has made the raising of
greyhounds a remunerative business on
this coast and through which the ad
vancenjf nt In breeding has attained such
a star.dkrc^ that local strains will coon
figure as the best in the world. California
is looked upon as the home of honest
coursing in this country and its hounds
are sought by other States for both field
*.nd stud..
¦ As a result of the boom that Is on the
This year will mark an era in coursing
in the East and the success that has fol
lowed the game there is due in no little
way to the favorable results \shlch have
attended the efforts of local leashmen un
der whose care and attention the sport
has reached its present high standard of
excellence.
Hardly a day passes that some dog own
er does not announce himself as an appli
cant for three or four entries on the East
ern stakes. ' To a certainty the game has
received an Impetus In States where It has
been run horetofore with indifferent suc
cess. * --¦ ~ .._-••- .:
The exodus of coursing men with their
greyhounds to compete in the meetings
of other States will, if all engagements
are kept, result in a dearth of champions
during their absence.
If circumstances force a later date for
this high-class affair the change will be
accepted gracefully by the ringsters, for,
while they are anxious to have the young
performers test their i^srlts. still they
would feel out of place seeing, their
champions run without having a ticket or
two on the result.
"While preparations are about completed
for the Futurity it is no certainty that the
big stake will be ran according to sched
ule. If the present labor troubles are not
settled soon it Is more than a possibility
that the rich stake for the young cours
?rs will have to be postponed. '" The
amount of added money in this annual
event cuts quite a figure with the park
man'.KPTtient and to see itself clear the as
sociation depends on a. good gate and a
healthy play. Without these there will
be a deficit and it is not likely that for the
sake of a postponement the park will
Etand to lose on the stake.
Last Sunday's double card at Union
Park brought out a large crowd that was
well In evidence up to the running .of the
final. The day's sport was the be6t that
had been seen at the park for some time.
but the events were for smaller purses
than have been run for since the game
has reached its present standard.
Sunday finds the same plunger,- the
Fame piker, both with the same willing
ness to put up a bunch or two on their
choice, but finds them without the price
to play their Judgment.
The effects of the strike are felt In
coursing circles. The game goes merrily
on and the best dog* tn the running axe
furnishing the excitement for the steady
patrons, but the bettors are not so active
In backing: their favorites as In the times
when Saturday nights were hailed with
pleasure.
Strike Affects Betting
and Attendance at Un
ion Park on Saturdays
LOCAL COURSERS
READY TO
GO EAST.
THE JSUITOAY; \CALL^. ::
9
SPORTS OF FIELD AND WATERTHKRH hi", on* person ooneerned in
th* lif • of a plotur* who gets littl*
pay and less glory. That person is ;
th* model. . | ! ¦.; . - ¦:-.¦¦ : . / •
Th* man . >h* paints th* pictur*.
may j make a world-wid* . reputation j for
\ himself as being j th«i ! author of a' master- 1
'piece. Th* man who : buys lt ; may see
his name and portrait in every newspaper
as being th* own*r . of - the; masterpiece.
But 'the man or woman . who ; posed long,!,
weary hours for that same achievement is
missed by th* searchlight of publicity, be
ing nothing 1 but the inspiration of th*
whol* thing. /-_" "¦¦:-:. ¦-'¦', ';
'.Thor* aro men and women hero In. San
) Francisco who are \well known in art
circles and never heard of outside. They,
go from .studio to^ 'studio; : they "posefth*
.hour or. two hours v that V a sitting, lasts;
they draw their little money, and that is
¦all t of I them." . ;, Only[ the : artists deal
with them directly [know : . who i they are?
.When their Tportraifs \ appear, in;' the pub- '
; He eye they will be labeled "Summer" or
"Xtsyorlo" *'r C"A Study.'' % Th*lr fporson-
allty is merged, by this tims, la th» era*
•eption of the artist
As a matter of fact it Is usually net all
?tr one Slrl that" you see when you look
s upon the;llkenesi of "Summer" of "Rey
erie." Itjs quit* as likely to , be : the
; one,, this '.body of another and the
| hands ; and feet of a third. . Tho great
fault found with models is that they are
good only : in sections. ',¦--
What the -world of artists is hunting for
is the perfect model. Since perfection has'
never yet been created there seems littl*
hope ahead. \ .' ".-.„ :-,.,..
Some of the best to Ban Fran
cisco artists : areshown on this page. No •
-one of .them is. ideal, but every one has
; beauty - in - face or: form that make's her
'irt^demand in the studios • hereabouts. *¦>"-; ;
Marlon Nolan is narrowly known as th*
; model of ! the .widely known ' "California ;
'/.Venus'; by Rupert Schmid.; She" is built
'h on; the -California plan, tall broad;
> as ; all • things . Califo'rnian are, and the
picture of good Western health.' Her, arms
and shoulders aro her aseoialty ; they art
, CbntlTiu»d oa Para El«Tt»»
lllliiilHWtirjilil a -.mmtmM
¦tandlngv BotD are of the Ions, wtno*H
type rather than the strapping.
Miss Petzholdt is th« young lady ofte*
Inquired for, being the model for Robert
Aitken's "Art Lured to Bohemia." Unde»
this name she now occupies tha center of
the floor of the Bohemian Club's Jinks)
room. N _
Miss Rochetts is both an artist and •
" model for artists. Young art students whs
have their way to make often tak* up
posins to keep the pot bollinr. Ev«a
j though they may fall far short in .tha
1 ideal lines of " beauty, they hav* . th»
\ artistic instinct and understand what a
painter wants. They can throw meaning
into a pose which an unintelligent or un
1 feeling person never can, no matter how
perfect the fac« and form.
Miss Rochelle, however, has great
v beauty of figure and character of face.
She is firmly built, but slender. Her
shoulders ar« broad, indicating tha
strength required for a Liberty or aa
full, but ttit imt an not too fall to b«
lithe. Their curve* are graceful as well
as robust. ; _ ,
Mls> Chapman la C. I*. Anderson's
model and other people's as well. Sho is
another of the big California t yp». She la
& Hebe for health. Her whole flgur* is
good; her forearm, tho lines from elbow
to wrist being especially fine. You can
sea in tht picture on this par* what a '
•elicat* tapering there is ¦ down the arm.
Miss Clara Petzholdt is 'known to
painters, sculptors and photographer*. >
Her fam* as a model is not alona on \
account of the line lines of the figure; she
is called a "sympathetic" at well,
being quick to grasp the idea of a picture
and fall into its mood. This means more
to a real artist than -does mere flesh and
blood. That is one reason of actresses
being successful as models; their training
..is in the art of "expression. ,
"In Summer Whenth* Day Is Long" it
a' decorative j>an«Uby C. Chapel Judson.
Miss Petzholdt posed for * th* . kneeling
figur* and A lfii» Noll palmw *K th*
THE '&TJVTDA!Y ? GAEL.
10
SAN FRANCISCO'S
BEST
KNOWN
MODELSyou." he replies courteously.
Nobody can get It out of him.
And yet there must be a story there. His
writings show that. His lonely life makes
a past romance more probable. It takes
much trouble to make any man sufficient
unto himself, v ; : ?'.' '
And what has become of the wealth that
he ' is supposed to j have j gathered? /. Has
he any one to whom to leave it? Will his
death J reveal - its whereabouts and Its
He is old and feebfe mesa* '£7? sat tfH
end cannot he far off. But his story may
be known before the end comes.
PERHAPS the mystery of the Los
Angeles Man in Raps is to be BOlved
at last. ' .
He is soon to publish his long
promised book. Will it tell the tale
cf his etranee life?
For long years past Los Angeles has
be«n guessing at it. And still the guessing
keeps on. for the story has never yet been
told. .. *_s
"Where does the Man in Rags obtain his
money*" asks one. For in ppite of hi3
coftunie of rags Walter Masterton has
never been known to beg. Indeed he has
many a time politely refused offered
money. He lives on year after year at
the same little lodging-house at 21S Third
street, and his monthly payment has
never failed to be promptly on hand.
Evidently the Man in Rags has some un
seen source of income. The . possible
amount of it keeps .guessers on pins -and
needles. • •
"Why does he wear the rag suit?" asks
For if he has enough means for
f^il wants, as he claims, there must be
'gome other reason than poverty for his
strange dress. And he does not seem In
sane.
"Has he had a romantic past?" they
ack. Ah. there the guessing grows hotter.
There are all kinds of suspicions as to his
past, and that it waa an adventurous one
looks likely.
That he haE great-wealth; that" an un
happy love affair drove him to his isolated
life— these things are hinted at and not
without some ground.
Through his writings they have been
guessed. For Walter Maaterton, the Man
in Rare* is a poet. Odd little snatches of
Eong he eends forth now and then, and
through many of them runs the sorry
theme of joys that have been.
Putting many a two and two* together,
those who know the old map best have
woven this much of his story.
In pioneer days he came to California to
Eeek his fortune and he found it. In the
mining country he amassed great wealth
and all bade fair to be well with him, for
he was in love, too, and what more does
a man want than to be comfortably in
love and making money hand over fist at
tlje same time? •
• The woman was a widow. She bad fol
%wed her husband, a husband not worth
following, to the mining camp. There be
died as he ought to. and she was left
with her little boy.
The miners had always respected and
liked her: now they^rallled to her in her
trouble. .With a good -many of them it
. ¦*ca& L _ J _mare_iih.an \, rnere,^klnd.nes*-»* that
prompted them to do this, for she was a
beautiful woman and a charming one.
But she had" only friendliness for them—
all but one. That one was Walter Master*
ton.
Little by little they grew to love one
another. Her little boy was almost as dear
to Masterton as was the woman -herself.
He wanted to take care of them both,
helpless as they were.
This world looked like a very happy
place to him at that time. He could not
believe that there .was any real trouble
in it.
Then It came, all of a crash. The woman
disappeared with the 'child just as he had
thought them his.
His wealth meant nothing to him then.
He must have wandered a great deal be
fore he settled down in Los Angeles. Peo
ple say that he was all the time hunting.
He has never found them. Perhaps he
cherishes bitterness against, the woman.
But the child's face seems to haunt him to
this day. 11 was only lately that he saw
in a magazine a picture of Adolph
PetEch's little boy, a sunny-haired little
Californian. After much inquiry he found
out the address of the family and called
upon the little fellow. He coaxed him in
every way, offering him gifts of oranges.
He has clung to the child's friendship ever
since, a friendship formed in so sudden
and unaccountable a way. People say
that the boy reminds him— but that,
again, is guesswork. .-'.-¦•_
His costume, entirely made of patches
sewn together, is always immaculate. He
washes it himself. It would be uneentle
manly to be slovenly, and Walter Master
ton Is a 'gentleman.
He has for year3 haunted the public 1U
brary, poring over the heaviest works on
history and sociology, and he has a tre
mendous store of. learning accumulated.
All the time that he has been reading he
has been writing, too, and now his book
is nearly ready.
He talks intelligently upon subjects of
political economy.' He is extremely radi
cal without being violent in his opinions.
He would not overturn government by !
means of a cyclone.
He has eo often been. asked to tell his
etory that the questions have grown tire
some, and yet he never, grows impolite in '
his answers. "My story cannot interest
San Francisco's Best
Known Models.
Con tinned From Page Ten.
America. Her poses tend ¦ to indicate
strength and force and serenjly. 'j.'.'-v
Miss Madsen is very slight, having, a
figure best fitted for girlish poses — light
and dainty. Her . range of* facial ex
pression is good and her head often
serves for a picture. . .''-'¦
Isadora Van Gilder is in reality a Ts'orth
ern girl, although her type Is more South
ern than Northern. She is large, with
•shoulders and arms that are those of, a
5*tron rather than a girl. She is cm-
V^yed as a model for head and shoulders.
Ida Wilt is a elsnder, graceful little flg-
ure who takes a* naturally to playful
pose." as a kitten does. She Is quick and
graceful and appreciative. Artists say
that she grasps the Idea of a pose as
quickly 'as they do and throws no end cf
life into it. -" -
Miss Wilt has a delightful elbow— just
plump, nothing more, and as dimpled as
a baby's.
Male models are the easiest to obtain In
.this city at the present time. Two years
ago this was riot the case. A young man
for the figure was very difficult to find.
Thomas, who Is employed in a machine
shop, devotes some of his evenings to pos
ing for the class at Hopkins. Woolrluh,
an advanced student of .that institution.
has made some clever studies ef this man.
Singer possesses a figure that delights the
heart of the artist, and is in demand.
Among the average readers and picture
lovers, the models, male and female, are
known only by, the names of the clever
characters they have represented. The
old | man called "Evening of Life," or
"Quiet Smoke," may be seen every day.
wandering from studio to' studio, occa
sionally being engaged, but more often
"Nothing to-day, Manuel," greets him at
the door. . ¦ '•?• -¦ . . ¦. ¦
A very necessary article in the modern
studio is the "model book." This contains
anywhere from a hundred to two hundred
names, and yet our "musketeers of . the
brush" dilate on the scarcity of good
models. SIg. Cadenasso says: "We have
about . three good female and as many
male models who pose ; for, the 'alto
gether." Heads, knees, ankles and feet
are easier to get, but a figure nicely mold
ed and* possessing most or all of the smal
ler details is as hard to obtain as a Klon
dike nugget."
Often a picture which ii apparently a
simple portrait of a society girl is a com
posite I collection of several models; the
face of one, the shoulders of another, and
the arms ef a .third. : Each artist general
ly has one or ; two favorites who serve as
material for his average work, or furnish
the \ "basis" for a 'composite; picture.
" Wenzell,' Johnson 'and others who have
had one; model for, several years/ have
been -heard to remark that they could r.ot
get inspiration "from any < one , else. This
Is certainly an exception to the rule. '-,.•¦-
A man or • woman i»ay be beautiful,
have .faultless curves and perfect fea
tures, yet be sadly, expressionless.- This is
the i principal fault found with .young, in-'
experienced models. A good model Is not
. necessarily a perfect man or woman.but
one who can by.his ri understanding throw,
great "motion" _ J into his pose. .
Illustrators, , painters' and art photo
graphers are often assisted by' their
friends in "making a picture." ' Richard
Harding ;Davis figures in many of. Gib
son's .drawings. ' . " . '
An artist modal is a rare fern. An artist
knows an artist's wishes; . and when* h»
poses he does so with an easy grace not
often assumed by f he prof esslonal model.
: The life of a model is little understood.
People realize nothing of the fatigue. Pos
ing takes strength of physique and of
nerves;: ,¦.'.; .'^]^' '%¦--¦ -,-',; ; =•; *'• •¦
: That models themselves consider posing
for the . nude most respectable is an • un
disputed fact; '-.'¦"': \ - , ¦' '; /
-. Kathryn Jarboe relates a little Incident
that happened In'a well known studio...
" i'A young woman, who had been posing
for a life 'class, was sent : for" by/ the '\ Il
lustrator, who had notioed the exquisite
poise of: her , head .as he walked through
the cla^srqom.j She jiad»"not. been lri\ the
least abashed byj his presence .there;
when she was /arrayed . in ithe-sbciely
woman's gown she stood .behind a screen,
quite unwilling to venture out.;
"'I really can't come out,'.- she "said. 'I
don't believe any women dress like thisi
and I don't want to be painted in such a
dreadful fiownf— ; ': ' •
Plague of Devilfish in
English Channel
Offr s PLAQUE as horrid . in Its way as
/— \ any' of Jhose ; from- which the an
tf — V> clent '¦'. Egyptians if suffered.; has as-,
• ,' sailed f the 'south; coast' of England.
¦ Countless hordes of :octqpl, \ the devll
flshes^of Victor Hugo, have 'invaded the
English' Channel and have swarmed alone
the shores of .Devon and Cornwall in tre
mendous ¦'- numbers. 8 Traveling ,' about I In
marauding -armies/ , they j have well ¦ nl?h
destroyed; the -local lobster an'd . crab fish
eries ¦ r by devouring. : these : crustaceans
wholesale. , -; i 1 i : : /.
On ; the : French ' side .of, the strait, espe
cially in the department; of Finistere,
they, are, thrown up i oh the beaches by the
sea after storms in such quantities that
their -loathscxna bodies; have been gath-
•red up and removed by hundreds of cart
loads to prevent them from and tm«rtaj
the public health by rotting.
Many of these creatures have a spread
of six feet or more, the tentacles being
three feet in length and «>verefl with
suckers as bis as 60-cent pieces. But •peci
mens have been seen very much gr»a.ter
in size,'- and individuals are known some*
times to attain a measurement of six
teen feet from arm tip to arm tip. That
the : larger ones will readily attack hu
man', beings is well known, the racking
disks with which the arms are provided
holding the victim with an irresistible
force. Once fairly embraced by the ani
mal, there is small chance for the strong
eBt man, unless h» Is lucky enough to
have a big knife op a ¦P«**.«^*jS
11
THE STTINDAT CALI*
THE MAN IN RAGSOne night he paid a surreptitious visit
to the theater along with an older cousin
who was trying to teach him- the way's of
this wicked world. He thought he was in "
heaven when the s curtain , rose on a
dazzling scene. During the entire per
formance he hardly breathed and never
took his eyes from the stage. At the con
clusion of the play he refused to leave the
enchanted spot. His business 'in life" was
decided then and there.
His lirst . appearance, on Ine-stage was
as a venerable genius In a. transforma
tion scene, his duty being to look wise
and benevolent through a mask of
snowy whiskers "while cccupyiiig a pro- 1
carious position en the edge of a scenic >
and presumably, celestial, cloud, i He bal
anced so well that he was soon intrusted
with parts of importance;- ami -at- the end
of three years had p'.ayed leading busi
ness with Edwin Booth, Lawrence Bar
rett, Jane Cocmbs and Charlgtte Cramp
ton. The latter evinced much Interest
In the youns man. - Instructed in rti - e
suige business' used in the leading
Shakespearean roles fcyj Forrest and Mac
«c«AQy. * ._» . * v : .' * ¦* ¦ r ¦
Later on, when John- McCul lough of
feredhim a position as leading support
he gladly accepted the- offer For tn-ee
years he traveled with McCullough Dlay-
Ing I;igo in -Othello." IcilJus in "V,r
einius" and Phasarkis. in ./'The cilatiisi
tor." The last named piece was o n the
beards the night of the great tragedian's
collapse, and it was Joseph. Haworth who
gave him physical support,and attempted
to prompt h.m. It a "crowded house ,
that rang with applause that night. That
epeech tellirffe of the Roman crucifixion
had just ended; the was to rec
ognize his long lost brother. McCulloucrh '
threw himself, on* the shoulders of Ha
worth. There was a strange trembling
that made Joe look up, and he saw Mc-
Cullough's face ghastly pale; great beads
of perspiration upRn it.- - ¦ .
McCullough moa/ied, "For God's sake
Joe, give me the next line," and so" he
asked for line i.fter hue. until he became
eo bewildered that he turned to Haworth
••Why, man, you're saying my lines and
yours! This was heard < through the
house. Wild -shouts, hisses and hurrahs '
mingled In uproar. The curtain fell upon
fc scene of laughter and derision. .
Joseph hasn't always had a snap, how
ever. Probably he deserves ; it by this"
time. He has-been on the- stage "ever
since he was a youngster and became
Btago struck. He had strict parents, who
disapproved of- the theater so ardently
that they are very likely responsible for
their young son's taking to- it. with the
zeal he exhibited. v; r^-->
All of these roles and many more this
romantic actor knows down to" the
ground. But it Is, another proposition to
the company awaiting him, especially to
Miss Laura Nelson Hall, the 9 leading
woman. While-; he goes ' mechanically
through parts that are machinery., now to
him. she must be cramming en a new one
every week and" no thanks from the
atrdlcnce. She will be expected to be as
letter perfect as if she had always played
the same roles. Audiences do not make
allowances. A new play every 'week, and
when Ha worth's season is. ended there
wil! be new stock stars to come with their
pieces, new to her. and her cramming will
continue. It's the leading woman who
deserves to be prayed. for. and the star
who has the snap.
The star wlio is to open in a stock star
company at the Grand is Joseph Haworth.
He begins a six weeks' engagement in
"Rosedale." The rest of his plays have
not been decided upon.
That is the scheme that the Grand
Opera-house is trying. The management
of that house proposes to keep a stock
company here all the time; then to .em
ploy different stars, one at a time, of
course, who shall bring their own reper
toire and be supported in it by the stock
company awaiting them.
It is a revival that dates back to the
famous days of the old California The
ater's stock company. Then such a
name as Booth or Iiarrett headed the
list as star of the company, while the
other players lived here the year round
and were ready to support each star as
he or she appeared.
rFIE Grand Opera-house Is experl
fmentlng in the stock-star business.
It is so very old a method that it
is new to us now. and theatrical
circles are eager to see how it
works. ».
(All photos on this pare by Aime Dupont ara
copyrighted.)
THB SUNDAY GAM*
12
JOSEPH
HAWORTH
AND LAURA NELSON
HALLDetails of Parade From Native Sons' Hall to Depot.
What Will Be Done in th^ Cityl"
No Carriages for Daughters.
WITH MUSIC AND RED BLAZE
NATIVE SONS WILL MARCH TO
CELEBRATION CITY SATURDAY
Continued on Page Fourteen.
• X Continued ~ on Page Fourteen;
MOUNT VEBNON. Mo.. Aug. ZL— Fire
s*nstroyed tn e Mount Veraon elevator here
/ra-day. causing a loss of $50,000. The ele
vator was filled with grain, all-of which
waa destroyed.
Elevator end Grain Burned.
"Garratt has captured Plet Delarey,
brother of the assistant commandant gen
eral." *-*y
"A train was blown up to-day between
Waterval and Hamans Kraal by 250 Boers,
who at once fired on the train, setting It
on flre. Lieutenant Colonel Vandaleur of
the Irish Guards, a most promising offi
cer, was killed. The other casualties have
not yet been reported.
LONDON. Aug. 2L— A dispatch from
Lord Kitchener, dated Pretoria to-day,
says: /
CALL BUREAU. HOC G STREET. N\
W;. WASHINGTON. Aug. SI.— It is re
ported in Washington to-night that Reap
Admiral Sampson is very dangerously ill.
Secretary, of State Hay and Postmaster
General Smith, who are at Sunapee Lake,
N. H.. near Burke Haven, are said to bo
the .authorities for the statements that
Rear "Admiral: Sampson cannot live until
the date fixed for the meeting ef the court
of Inquiry,
„ No Information as to his condition has
been received at the Navy Department.
succeeded in command of the Machias by
Lieutenant Commander Henry McCrea, at
present on duty In. the Washington navy
yard,: Lieutenant Commander JtcCrea
will sail from New York on a steamer
leaving for Colon on September 13,
Special Dispatch to The Call.
- -^r- 4
in Which an Officer
. Is Killed.
Kitchener Reports Disaster
Live Until Court of
Inquiry fleets.
Rear Admiral May Not
' The entertainment ./committee, has /out-;
lined Its programme. Beginning on Sat
urday afternoon, \ September -7, the parlors'
ofWatsonviile, Castroyille, Salinas, :' Santa
.Cruz, ". Hollistef, . ; Llvermore, Pleasa'nton
and Hay wards will be. received, and these
will- join later, in receiving the . parlors
from, the'; rest of ¦ Central ¦ Calif ornia./- At
11 ' p: m." Saturday^ Berkeley,; Oakland arid
Alameda parlors;, will arrive by /the "'har- 1
row gauge and the parlors of Marin, So-'
noma. ¦'¦ San Mated arid. ' San ' Francisco
T. ' -¦-¦¦¦¦.¦... ,,;
SAN JOSE; Aug. 1 31.— The ; Native Sons
and Daughters of San Jose are, preparing
to receive their brothers and; sisters from
over the.State'on Admission day, and the'
oominglweek will see the completion of
the preparations for. the greatest 1 celebra
tion of California's birthday. For months
the local parlors-- have been .making ar
rangements for the great' event/ and /the
welcome they are prepared , to extend 'to
visitors -will be a royal one. From the ar
rival of the. first delegation until the de
parture of the last there will be.one'eon
tinual round ¦ of pleasure: | Money 'to keep
this amusement up has been : plentifully
supplied by the business men of San. Jose.
Native Sons of the Garden City Will;
Make Admission Day Carebra
,; ' - • tion Memorable.
counties will come In by the broad gauge.
.Transportation r oyer this latter line has
.been- arranged for 10,000 people. 1 Their re
ception will be. a spectacular and brilliant
one, as 2000 Roman candles and 1200
torcKes have been provided, and there will
be three wagons ;. with various colored
'fire. £* ''./¦"".•.¦¦. ,;¦; .' /¦'
Oni Saturday evening from 8 o'clock un
til* midnight there will :be a continuous
band concert in St. James Park, which
will be decorated with | lanterns £nd elec
tric;iights. At Native Sons' Hall the Na
tive ' Sons and f Daughters ; will - receive.
There will "be . music", dancing, promenad
ing and refreshments. - ; -.
- 'A ." bullshead > breakfast will \ be . given.
Sunday, morning for Native Sons at Agri
cultural^ Park.' Tables will be arranged
for 1200 at' a, time, ! and It; is expected to
feed' 3600. 1 An- outing for' the ¦- same 'time
has been arranged f or the ' Native Daugh
ters at- AluhvRocktPark, where therejvill
be* music J and' refreshments. A '", sacred
concert , will be I held [ In St." James , Park
in > the •¦ afternoon,- arid 4 - in j the ' evening „ a
sacred concert ; will be given at the Hotel
"Vendome. 1 T -A concert .and dance have
been! arranged- for ; both : -[ afternoon /and
evening at Shuetzen Park.' Marshall Par
lor.' of, San ¦Francisco and San Jose Parlor
wilLmeetyln a baseball game at 2 o'clock
in-the afternoon 1 at 5 Cyclers' -Park. •' ' :. "
,; Monday" , morning will . be given over « to
the great- parade, of the Native Sons and
Daughters..- Forty-five. 'full parlors, will
be: in'. line and about ftwenty more ,wlll bo
represented by delegations. Ed.Taaffe of
South ; San • Francisco ; Parjor .; will ;•. be the
grand- marshal, ; H.Vw. McComas the chief
of /staff and ; G. <T.V,Bollinger I chief aid.
Each' parlor will furnish an ,.ald 4 to"the
grand marshal.. The start will; be made at
10 'o'clock, and* besides'; the; thousands- of
Native ; Sons ¦ and Daughters Inline there
SAN JOSE PKEPABING
A ROYAL WELCOME
BOERS BLOW UP
BRITISH TRAIN
MEKOMIXEE. Mich.. Aug. 3L— The
match block factory of A. W. Clark &
Co., 'also a sawmill and shingle mill, were
'^cehtroyed by fire to-day. The estimated
loes Is $50,000.
Fire Destroys Factory Buildings.
welterweight of Australia, fought twenty
rounds to a draw at the Saucer Track to
night. Both men took and gave a great
deal of punishment.
Twenty Bounds to a Draw.
BUTTE. Mont.. Augl SL— Mose Lafen
tise of Butte and Tom Tracey, champion
OFFICERS .OF COMMITTEES
IN- CHARGE OF ADMISSION
DAY- CELEBRATION. ,.
HELENA, Mont.. Aug. 31.— A. B. Keith,
formerly of Iowa but latterly editor of
the Herald of Helena, has been secured
by Senator W. A. Clark as editor of the
Butte MIn«r, which will in the near fu
ture be enlarged and improved.
Clark Appoints a New Editor.
CHICAGO, Aug. 3i.— A special convoca
tion was held in the office of President
H8rper of the University of Chicago to
day, at which the degree of doctor of
pliilosophy was conferred upon* T. Ni Put
ram of the University of California.
Professor Putnam Honored.
¦ -When' a representative of the San Jose,
committee invited the . Native Daughter
parlors of San Francisco and Alameda
County to take part in 'the celebration
he stated -that' carriages, would be , pro-^
vided for .all'' the daughters who would*
attended. Last night Messrs. Suzzalo and
McComas of-the SanJose committee an
nounced that 1 "parade" conve/ances," not;
carriages, /would be provided, as the num
ber of carriages - ln~ their city 'is limited.
The ¦ committee ¦ would | provide ¦; carryalls
for the daughters so they, would not have!
to walk. - ,' ¦ .--'•'.. . ¦ . ;
Commltteeman Suzzalo of. San Jose ex
plained the > many new features of • the
celebration that have "been added during
the past' week. _- : ", .
EIGHTH DIVISION— Marshal, J. Rose; as
sistant, Edward Parry; Marshall Drum Corps;
Marshall Parlor No. 202; Dolores Parlor No. 208.
The* committee .on advertising, an
nounced, that Trie Call 'was deserving
commendation for the publication j of
fullest reports of " the celebration pro
ceedings. — ... i . . .
,No Carriages for .Daughters. .
SEVENTH DIVISION— Marshal, E. D. Crow
ley; assistants, James Ryani , James . P. Qulnn;
Precita Drum Corps; Preclta • Parlor No. 1S7;
Army and Navy Parlor No. 207. ..
Aii£hor's Eyes Have Been Failing for
Some Time, and Sight Has Now %
Disappeared.
NEW YORK, Aug. 31.— A Paris special
to the Journal says: According to news
received here from Amiens, Jules Verne,
the famous author, has become complete
ly blind. His eyesight had been falling
}p5r some time, and now it has complete
ly disappeared.
JULES VERNE HAS
BECOME TOTALLY BLIND
SIXTH DIVISION-Marshal, Nathaniel Hal
linan; assistant!.. George Richards, Charles S.
Whiter military - bandri South San " Francisco
Parlor, No. 157;. Olympus Parlor .NoMS9; Pre
sidio Parlor -No." 194. ' < -' -- /
FIFTH DIVISION— Marshal/ H. A. . Mullin;
assistant, C. H. Schilling; Rincon Drum Corps;
Rincon Parlor No. 72;Alcatraz Parlor No. 145;
Sequoia Parlor No. , 160. i . • t • :
THIRD DIVISION— Marshal. Fred Suhr Jr.;'
assistants, G. | Nealeyi Milton Oppenhelmer;
Golden Gate Drum Corps. Golden Gate Parlor
No. 29. Stanford " Parlor No. 76, Terba BueriW
Parlor No. 84, Bay City Parlor No. :104.
' FOURTH DIVISION— Marshal, -Edward L.
Rittore; San Francisco .Drum and Bugle Corps;
San Francisco Parlor Nol 49; ' Niantic . Parlor
No. 105; Heeperian Parlor No. 137. ,
SECOND DIVISION— Marshal. E. Lastretto;
assistants. H. Rodgers. W. W. Fairchild, Geo.
G. Frazer; Alcalde • Drum 'and Bugle Corps,
Alcalde Drill! Corps and Parlor No. 154, Pacific
Parlor No. 10. Mission Parlor No. 38, El Do
rado Parlor" No. 62. y^ ."• ' ;-T\ ; .'¦*¦
FIRST ' DIVISION— Marshal. John Llnehan;
military -band; escort. Company I, First In
fantry Regiment, NVG! C. Captain Frank. K.
Moore,: commanding; escort. Company F.. First
Infantry Reziment, f N.. ,G," C-, j Captain J. • F.
Egrgcrt, commanding; California Parlor No. ,1.
AIDS TO GRAND MARSHAtr— Alexander^.
Williams, J. , J. Miley, F. C. Gerdes, /e. J.
Robst, Fred Sainsott, H. G. Williams, V.
Orcngro. I. Lindeman, F. Barnett, J. \V. Cush
lng, H. F. Ansbro. Martin J. O'Co'nnell, Louis
Nonnenmann, Frank Frietas, E. A. Duveneck
John Ohlandt, Frank A. Lux, - Oscar Krenz,
P. E. Boulan. ' M. > H". Wllkins, Eugene C. S."
de Suarr. C. D. Heywood, W. S. Schmidt* H.
D. Clark.
Grand marshal, Edward J. Taafe;. chief aid,
Harry !•• Mulcrevy; "chief of-, staff. Colonel
Thomas F. O'Neill.
Order of March.
The various divisions will form on Ma
son street in fronts of the Native Sons'
building and on Post and Geary streets.
The start will be from . in front of the
headquarters and the line of march will
be along Mason' street to Market," -to
Third, to Townsend, where there will be
a review by Grand Marshal Edward J.
Taafe and staff and members of the pa
rade . committee consisting of Harry I.
Mulcrevy, E. C. Crowley, R. D. Barton,
John Lewis, . H.' T. Ansbro and \ William
Wynn at ?:50 p. m. The following is the
order of parade that has been agrccl
upon: • • . ¦ .
Chairman Harry. I. Mulcrevy of Jthe pa
rade committee presented a ' lengthy re
port relative to the arrangements that
have been made for the para'de in this
city on next Saturday night on the way
to the depot to take the train to San Jose.
p»TT^3 HE fln*l meeting, of the Native
1 Sons' joint ninth of September
8 committee, previous to the big
**• celebration, was held in the Na
tive Sons' building last night, v
The Exempt Fire Company' expressed
regret in writing that owing to a previous
engagement it could not accept the invi
tation to take part In the celebration.
The several sub-comrr.Ittees reported
that all the work assigned to them had
been attended to and that all was In
readiness for next Saturday.
SAMPSON VERY
SERIOUSLY ILL
Rear Admiral Schley's attorneys have
almost completed* their written brief In
his behalf. It contains about 60,000 words.
The precept of the court is taken up and
each paragraph is discussed exhaustively.
The Howison Incident.
Acting Secretary of the Navy Hackett
regards the Howison incident as definite
ly closed as far as the Navy Department
is concerned. Rear Admiral Howison
will not be relieved from duty as a^fhem
ber of the court In advance of its assem
bly. When the court meets Rear Admiral
Schley's counsel will object to his con
tinuing as a member and will state' their
reasons. The other members— Admiral
Dewey and Rear Admiral Benham— will
pass upon" this objection and if they find
th3 seasons sufficient. to sustain it, Rear
Admiral Howison will then be relieved
and the Navy Department will have to
find some officer to take his place.
Sampson's Testimony.
Rear Admiral Sampson's testimony be
fore the Schley court of inquiry may be
taken "at Burke Haven. N. H., If that
officer Is 'physically unable to come to
Washington to appear before the court.
In that event, it is probable that the en
tire court will adjourn to Burke Haven.
It is barely possible that Admiral Samp
son's testimony may be taken by deposi
tion, but if so it will be a dep_axlUEe_from
the strict rules governing naval courts^
The law officers of the Navy Department
are authority for the statement that dep
osition are absolutely inadmissible before
a naval court-martial. Courts "of Inquiry
follow in a general way the rule3 for
courts martial, and while the court . of
inquiry generally has much more lati
tude than a court-martial, it is expected
-that on account of the great importance
cf the present case the rules will be fol
lowed very strictly, and an { objection
from counsel on e.^her side to the taking
of testimony by deposition would com
pel the court to adjourn to Rear Ad
miral Sampson's home if he should not
be able to appear.
No Political Enemies.
He has no political record and .there
fore no political enemies. He has noth
ing' to explain, for be has not mixed in
civil affairs. Should the court of inquiry
acquit him, it is predicted h|s popularity
will become so great as to make him the
logical nominee of the Democratic party.
. So say Marylanders,Nand they are so
* earnest about it they have already ar
ranged for taking up the matter with
him formally as soon as the court of'in
quiry shall have handed in Its findings.
one present expressed the opinion that he
was undoubtedly one of the very few
men in the country on whom the entire
party could unite.
1 At a meeting of Maryland Democratic
leaders held in Baltimore the availability
of Schley for Presidential purposes was
seriously discussed, and it Is said every
50 years, instead of 62.
CALL BUREAU, 1406 G STREET, N.
W.. WASH£^GTON, Aug. 31.— The Mary
land friends of Admiral Schley, assum
ing that the "court of inquiry will trium-\
pbantly acquit him of* the charges tinder
¦which he " has been resting since the
Spanish war, are already quietly talking
of bringing him forward as a candidate
for the Democratic Presidential nomina
tion in 1304.
• Schley will retire from active duty this
year and In 1S04 will be 65 years of. age.
With a robust constitution, which has
been well preserved, he is now in his
prime and the years sit so lightly upon
him that he might easily pass for a man
Special Dispatch to The Call. ' 2
The Machias will remain at Colon until
all danger of trouble on the isthmus h:is
passed. Commander. Nathan Sargent will
be - relieved from her . command and will
be ordered to Washington as a member
of Admiral Dewey's staff and .also as a
member, ef the general board, of which
Admiral Dewey la president, He will be
Machias to Remain at Colon.
Acting Secretary of State Adee was con
sulted about [ the matter, to-day, but de
clined to take responsibility for _ asking
the Navy ; Department to stop the iowa.'
He, telegraphed' Secretary Hay," however,'
expressing the opinion that ~ the Iowa
would not be needed and if Hay agrees
with him she will be ordered^ back to San
Francisco, if 3he has not left Acapulco
and is out of reach of communication.
Officials of the Navy Department bellove
that the presence of the Ranger at Pan
ama will be sufficient, in view of reports
as . to improved .conditions, to protect
American, interests and prevent the In
terruption* of traffic on the Isthmus, but
Inasmuch as the State Department asked
to have the Iowa sent down she will not
be ordered^ back'.without" the consent of
that department. << •,',
CALL BUREAU, 1406 G STREET/ X.
"W.. WASHINGTON, Aug. 31.—Comman
der Sargent's report oh conditions in
Panama and Colon and along the line of
the Panama Railroad, which was cable*.!
to the Navy Department yesterday, was
so reassuring that the : battleship Iowa
may be ordered back to San Francisco
from - Acapulco. :
Iowa May Be Sent Back.
The I general situation in Colombia Is
divisible under three heads— the isthmus
revolution, the progress made throughout
the rest of the country and the situation
on - the Venezuelan and Ecuadorean
frontiers. Tfie revolution is progressing
in ; the rest of the country with varying
success. The Liberals hold various towns
and _ districts, and decline to meet the
Government punitive expeditions, with
drawing upon their approach and return
ing, after their departure to engage, in
other and similar tactics, with occasional
small engagements. '-< \ : \:1
' Endless rumors are afloat, but the con
sensus, of^ the best informed conservative
opinion discredits- serious hostilities or
anything more than a continuation of the
Liberal's guerrilla system of engagements
with the : Government's ' force. The. Lib
erals are anxious to get a seaport, and
hence their" recent approach to Bocas del
Toro, west of here. The Government is
not bringing 'reinforcements to the
isthmus. There are about -J00 men . at
Colon, and at Panama a thousand men
are available if needed.
COLON, Colombia, August 31.— Quiet
on the isthmus. The recent
Liberal concentration . in this vicinity
seems to have disappeared. Whatever
their' numbers, the Liberals are poorly
armed and without leaders, lack -organi
zation for concerted action, and hence can
avail themselves, of no opportunity to
damage the Government.
Liberals Desire a Seaport.
General 1 Davila has got prestige in Ven
ezuela in view of his defeat and capture
of the noted Venezuelan- revolutionist.
General Hernandez (El Mocho). His
presence, on*.-. the frontier is one of the
signs" that President Castro wishes to
seize every, strategic /advantage. ,
". There are" Colombian troops hear -* Sa'n"
Jose, on the frontier. The Government is
drawing 20,000 bolivars dally from the
Maracaibo customs receipts, a sum which
it is believed will have a disastrous effect
on. the country. The aid to the Colombian
revolutionists which President Castro is
giving is having' its' effect on Venezuela's
finances.
/ The exequaturs of all Consuls of the
United States of. Colombia In Venezuela
have been ¦ withdrawn.
Cost Venezuela Dearly.
President Castro v deslres the absolute
triumph . of the Colombian, Liberals, who
assisted him when he began' his revolu
tion against the ' then President Andrade.
He knows that the Colombian ' revolution
ists cannot triumph without assistance,
otherwise the concentration ' of such a
large number of men on the frontier can
not be. explained. General Davila: was in
charge of the expeditions which left La
Guayra and Coro recently for the Colom
bian coast. The expeditions -were carried
on Venezuelan war vessels and ¦were to
aid the Colombian revolutionists.
WILLEMSTAD, Curacao, Aug. 31.-The
Call -correspondent has just returned from
San Cristobal" and Maracaibo, after an
investigation of the situation on the Ven
ezuelan^ frontier, during which he saw
General Davila, who is commander In
chief of 9800, soldiers.' General Davila is
ready to attack Colombia in a few. days
by. several ioads. Many men are joining
the army. None except the 'chiefs in the
army and politicians believe that there is
to be an' invasion of Colombia! The sol
diers ¦ are Inexperienced, " and If war be
gins It Is likely that they will be quickly
defeated/
Special Dispatch to. The Call.
ST. PAUL.. Aug. 31.— Advices received at
the Great Northern headquarters In this
city place' the total number of dead as a
result of the wreck at; Essex, Mont., at
thlrty-slx. The number of injured was
thirteen, and at least three are fatally
No List of the Dead.
J. Henry Blair, the cook, also resided
here. He was about 40 years of age and
had a wife and four young children.
Mr.' Downs and his son left on Monday
In the private car with his guests, Lieu
tenant Victor Blue, an American naval
officer, . and wife. They accompanied
their guests as far east as Minot, N. D.,
and were ' returning home when the
wreck^ occurred. Kirk Downs was about
21 years of age and was employed as sec
cretary by his father. ,
Colonel Downs' death has cast a gloom
over the entire city. He was one of the
best liked railroad men ever stationed
here. A native of Ireland and 51 years
of age, he had spent thirty-three years
in railroaat service. To-morrow he was
to have assumed the duties of vice presi
dent of the Spokane Falls and Northern
and of the Kootenai Valley roads" at the
personal request of J. J. Hill. He. is sur
vived by a widow, now visiting in Bakers
field, Vt.. and one daughter, Mrs. Rupert
Blue of San Francisco. ¦
Colonel Downs Is Mourned.
The fire was so fierce that the rear
sleeper could not be saved, though It had
not left the track. Its occupants were
hurried into forward cars which were
hauled ahead out of the- reach of the
fire. The flames extended to the . brush
alongside the track and burned down the
telegraph poles. ' A wire break followed,
which with a storm, greatly retarded
telegraphic news of the wreck. The first
message sent went to Kalispell, whence
the wrecker and all doctors in that town
were ordered to the scene. The Injured
were given every attention and as soon
as possible the train with its grewsome
burden of dead, dying and injured was
taken to Kalispell.
The runaway tore down the hill at
lightning speed, rounding the most severe
curves at a rate of upward of seventy
miles an hour, where regular trains bare
ly crawled along. With a roar it burst
around the curve, and what Is most re
markable, jumped a split switch which
would have turned it to the sidetrack and
crashed into the passenger. There was
neither time nor opportunity for escape.
Air. Downs' car and that of the laborers
was smashed Into kindling wood, the oc
cupants of the private car meeting in
stant death. The debris and shingles and
lumber of the freight burned like tinder.
The train -crew was forced back from
its work of rescue by the flames. One
man penetrated as far as the private car,
where, he said, he saw the bodies of Mr.
Downs and his son and from where he
dragged the body of the cook. In the
laborers' car many of the forty-six occu
pants were so pinned In that they could
not be reached and burned to death be
fore the eyes of the spectators.
Hunaway Train's Wild 3>ash.
The point where the wild train crashed
into the passenger was several
feet away and It was two and a half
hours before the flames reached the main
wreck. Meanwhile frantic efforts were
made 'to take out the dead and Injured.
The wreck was piled high and wedged
Into almost hopeless confusion and In
spite of superhuman efforts the flames
burned their way to the wrecked cars
betcre the work was completed.
J. H. Blair, the colof ed cook In Mr.
Downs' car, was taken out alive, but died
In a few minutes. It was impossible to
get at the bodies of Superintendent
Downs and son. _
As the runaway train sped by the switch
it struck a caboose and day coach on the
siding, wrecking them. Fire immediately
started from the oily lamps in the ca
boose.
Flames Attack Wrecked Cars.
SPOKANE, Aug. 31.— All reports Indi
cate that the wreck on the Great North
ern, forty miles east of Kalispell, Mont.,
was the worst in the road^s history, one
of the most awful in the~~annals of
American railroading. Thirty-six lives,,
were lost and ten persons were injured.
Three of the Injured will die and the oth
erc are seriously hurt
By strenuous and heroic effort fifteen of
the bodies were taken from the wrecked
cars. All of the other victims were cre
mated. Including Superintendent P. L.
Downs and his son, T. Kirk Downs.
There Is a severe grade near the scene
of the wreck. Two engines had taken a
train of twenty-eight freight cars up this
grade and drawn off to take water. "While
doing this all twenty-eight cars' started
down the grade. The runaway train
dashed . down at frightful speed and
crashed into the car of westbound passen
ger No. 3, near the siding at Nyack. Su
perintendent Downs' private car was at-
I tached to the passenger, and next to it
was a day coach filled with railroad labor
ers from Duluth.
"So confident am I that the Independence
is the best boat of the three that I am
willing to forfeit $100,000 to be devoted to
some charitable purpose, if the Indepen
dence does not succeed in winning a
series of races to be sailed against any
one of the competing boats. Shamrock,
Columbia or Constitution, or all three put
together."
"It Is an international, not a yacht
club, race. Anybody who has a yacht
coming up to the requirements should be
allowed to enter It. It Ehould make no
difference •whether the boat hailed from
Boston or San Francisco. If it is an
American boat It ought to be allowed to
compete against the boat built- by.. a for
eigner for the purpose of winning 1 back
the cup which this country has kept for
so long.
Offers a Big Wager.
Lawyon was seen by a correspondent
while the Boston millionaire was on his
private yacht Dreamer. Speaking of the
controversy over the yachts, Lawson
said:
"There are two sides to this question,
¦^h© sentimental and the practical. From
-*he sentimental viewpoint I feel that I
have the whole of the American people
with me. There is really no reason why
the Independence should not be entered
as a competitor in the cui> races.
Two Sides to the Question.
"I ¦would give the Independence to Con
gress, to any State, to a body of citizens,
to the New York 'World or any represen
tative body of Americans if I could feel
that by so doing the yacht would have a
fair show."
Shamrock. So confident am I that the
Independence -will win that I am willing
to make any sacrifice that any man can
make In order to have the boat I have
built enter as a competitor.
"I offer ray yacht Independence to the
American people for the purpose of de
fending the America's cup against the
MiW 7ORK, Aug. 31.— The World will
print to-morrow a special from Bar Har
bor, Me., in which Thomas W. Lawson
says:
Testimony of Admiral Sampson May
Be Taken at Sis Home at
Burke Haven, New .- -f"
Hampshire.
uation Serious on the Isthmus
;' and May. Soon Recall .
i the Iowa.
United States Does Not Believe Sit-
Boston Millionaire Is Willing to
Wagrer $100,000 That His Boat
Independence Can Beat
the Columbia.
Are Powerless to
Bender Aid.
Men and Women Perish in Agony in
Sight of Companions Who
"Will Await the Hearing Be
fore the Naval Court
of Inquiry.
Declares That Any Yacht in
the Union Should Have
Chance to Compete.
Fire Incinerates Unfortunates
Pinned Beneath the
Debris.
Desires the Triumph of Lib
erals Who Aided His Last
• Revolution.
Great Northern Wreck
Victims Number
Two Score.
Lawson Anxious to Keep
the America's Cup
in America.
Put Forward the Ad
miral as the Demo
cratic Candidate.
Gastro Has a Big- Army
on Frontier Ready
to Attack.
MAKES PLEA
TO DEFEND
THE TROPHY
PASSENGERS
MEET DEATH
IN FLAMES
MARYLANDERS
BOOM SCHLEY
FOR PRESIDENT
VENEZUELA
MAY FIGHT
COLUMBIA
iiiill
Pa§f»S
SAN FRANCISCO; SUNDAY,- {SIIPTEMBER: 1, 1901^-tHIRTY-TWOi PAGES;
VOLUME XC-NO. 93.
PRICE FIYE CENTS.
The San Francisco CallARQHBISHOP RIORDAN yester
: day., blessed 'the; cornerstone of St.
\ Paul's '. Church, in course of •erec
1 tion on Church street,' near Twen
. . ' : ¦ ty-nlnth.'The cerempny was slm
- pleK The pomp and ceremony that usually
attend. such an' event were lacking.'; Ow
' ing to the advanced condition of the work
; and the 'space surrounding the 'church .be-'
j ing occupied, by. stone and ; steel, it ; was
: found that the public could not be accom
r mqdated, .1 and therefore • no ': , invitations'
_were Issued. ; '*-.",' '¦..':. '¦.¦'¦'¦'¦¦ ¦ ¦ • >
', VThe I simple - ceremony : was performed
| shortly. after ;theVnoon,"hour.. ,the :' Arch
..bishop i. waa \ attired ,in jj stole - and .surplice
and was attended, by. the Rev. Father.
- Mulligan,- priests - of the -parish • and;-aco
'lytes.: He first blessed the spot where the
r altar -of >church will .be erected and
V, then the doors, vestibule ahd'other points
of the- sacred" edifice.
¦ : '~ In the.stdne were placed-United States
coins, :the names of- those who. took part
- lnthe ceremony," the name . of the -Pope
and- a- short history, of the parish. : ;, ;•->.:
: . When completed the church will be" one
of the handsomest In the city. "It -will be
p built, of. granite and steel. . , The, progress
3 of : the. building has been highly" satisfac
tory* to the parishioners. ; . : . .- ; ¦
MacArthur Visits President.
CANTON, Aug. 31.— General MacArthur,
re£uWjing\; from' the; Philippines.^ stopped
over' in Canton to-day to pay his respects
tothePresidsnt, and went East' to-night.'
Other distinguished guests at the Mc-
Kinley home to-day were George I. von
Meyer, [ United \ States ' Embassador. ¦ to j
Italy, and Curtis Guild Jr. of Boston.'.- -
3&.The body of Assistant Superintendent
Downs, supposed ,to have been cremated
in i the wreck near here ' last night, ' was
identified : at the Morgue | here this even
ing.- The identification was made positive
by the finding of a watch bearing Mr.
Downs' name.; >-",. ,.,-.., \
( The . names of the"' laborers . who are at
the hospital here follow:*' D. M. Cooley,
Peter; la Chance.*' Dan Machan, v John T.
Rhodes, August* Rolff, ¦".- John- Zaliard,
Louis ; Miller, Arthur Platts, Dan Hope,
D. TV; Olson,- Charles ; Gallagher, .: John E.
Erlckson. " . '•'-¦.¦¦• ''.-'• •¦¦'¦"
Of (the - forty-seven laborers ' who were
in the car those named are the only.,- ones
who escaped, alive. \. " ;' ¦ : -" ¦'- •• ',:¦ - -... ..
It appears that the wreck was caused
by an east-bound freight train of twenty
eight cars, which was at Essex, and tha6
the : head engine went forward, leaving' a
helper engine in the rear to hold the train.
The helper engine set the airbrakes and
left the train standing on the track and
went to coal up. \ , '
, Conductor Matthews was in the' office
getting | orders and ' both brakemen were
with the engines. It is -believed that,: the
air leaked and that the train slipped away
without the train crew knowing it and
dashed down the mountain at a tremend
ous rate of speed, '.variously | estimated a t
from seventy-five to one hundred .-miles
an hour, going down ' the hill | a distance
of seventeen miles before it overtook the
passenger. • This . train was moving in the
same direction as the runaway, otherwise
the disaster would have beengreater. ; The
men on the passenger train had not the
slightest warning of: their danger.- ~~
There is. nothing. of the wreck left but
smoldering - ashes andr bent and twisted
Iron rods and chains. •>¦ • -.- \ ,.
' There were many poor creatures pinned
under the wreckage whom the passengers
and I trainmen did all in their power to
extricate from their ' frightful position.
The wreckage took fire immediately after
the collision and it was with the greatest
difficulty that the few saved were taken
from the • ruins. Several men were loud
ly calling«for help, begging that if they
could not be got out they be killed rather
than suffer death in the rapidly approach
ing flames. Would-be rescuers were com
pelled by reason of the intense heat to
stand aside and see the . victims burned
alive, powerless to lend aid or assistance.
Ten cars of shingles were on the rear
of the freight that caused the wreck. As
soon as the freight struck the standing
passenger ; train the. cars burst' and the
shingles were, thrown in all directions
over the wrecked passenger cars. Almost
in an* instant the whole was a mass of
flames "and the work of , rescue was ren
dered ; dangerous. \ '¦¦-'-¦¦¦ ¦¦..
KALISPELL, Mont., Aug. * 31.— The
wreck at Nyack last night was the worst
in the history, of the Great Northern, in
that more lives were lost than ever be
fore in a disaster on that line. Forty
one deaths have been reported up to the
present time, and in all probability more,
will follow. Five dead were brought to
Kalispell, together with thirteen wounded
and seriously hurt, one of whom has
since died. Of the forty-three men in the
day coach- on the rear of the train, only
thirteen were saved and only five dead
were got out of the burning ruins, the
remainder being completely consumed.
It is impossible to find even their bones,
as nothing remained but' ashes when the
fire had burned out. ¦ ..,' -• .
Downs' Body "Was Recovered.
Kalispell Account Says Colonel
PLACES DEAD AT FORTY-ONE.
hurt. The remains of the dead recovered
together with the injured, were taken to
Kahspell and the injured are now in the
hospital in -that place receiving medical
attention.
The body ' of. Superintendent P. T.
Downs was recovered late io-day. It was
so badly- charred, that identification was
possible only through articles found near
the body. 'The 'body of his son is yet
unrecovered. and' f it is feared that it was
completely incinjerated. • , „
: No list -of the 'dead, other than that
already given, >has been received. The
others killed- were- Scandinavian laborers,
and it is impossible to identify them, ow
ing to the conditidn in which their bodie3
were found: ¦, . ,v. .., -
1 Lester Francis 'of 550 Mission! street re
ported ; to ! the police 'last } night j that \ his
room had been entered arid 'clothing val
ued at i $50 : taken.' h The thieves gained an
entrance by opening, the door of the room
-vith a skeleton key. ..:¦¦ .
Room Thieves at Worfe.
Her First Husband, Charles Garner
Secured a Divorce on the Ground
of Desertion. ¦ r "
, Mrs. : Arthur C' Rudolph, who killed her
husband and then committed suicide Fri
day at 831&, Howard street, was formerly
a resident of San Bernardino. .: She • was a
sister, of T. ; A. Carter, , formerly a police
man of : that city and now ; the proprietor
of the .Basket saloon in'Los Angelea In
1896 she married ', Charles ; Garner, an" em
; ploye of the Santa Fe Company, i ¦
L They lived : together for several years
MBS. RUDOLPH FORMERLY
LIVED IN SAN; BERlTARDIigro
.From- the corner -' of Mission :to East
street to Market, from Market , to Mont
gomery street; -from Montgomery to Cal
ifornia street;;, from California to Kear
ny ! street ; ¦ from Kearny I to Market street ;
from Market; street to Van Ness avenue;
from Van Ness avenue to > Bush street,
countermarching; down : Van Ness, "avenue
to ' Market street ; ' from Market » street ' to
Larkin | street' and thence : to j the I Mechan
ics' Pavilion. "-. ' ¦ ¦• / -¦;,-.« • ;
The head of the parade will ;, form at
the corner, of "Mission -and East -streets
and will commence" to move at 11 o'clock
sharp. The, line of march will be as- fol
lows: .•.'¦'• -.;.- • ;-¦¦••¦¦'.-¦;* =¦' "-:,:¦ '¦;_¦ -'•..•- ¦ ¦•
Five Each to Be Headed
, by a Band.
The Labor day celebration committee
of the Laborr Council > was 'busy:..all day.
yesterday making arrangements for f the
Labor day parade,- which; it; is predicted,
will | be the most extensive procession of
laboiingrmen ever i held in ; the ' West. :
It ; has been ¦ estimated : that | t..ere "-.> will
be from 25,000 to 1 30,000 union members in
line. The parade will be in five divisions
and each ' division will ' be headed '¦ by . a
band. Drum ' corps * and - bands <. will also
march Tvlth a number of the unions. . . ¦
THOTrSAMT>S WTLL PARADE.
The members of the committees feel
that they have arranged a* programme of
unusual excellence " and one > that -win In
sure the presence of a large crowd. »
Games— T. E, : Tracey, J. T." Dowllne. E. C
Curtis. T. T. Otis, P. M. O'Connor. James
Lawlor, ; E.i AsmuBsen, H. "W. ¦ Gantner J
Silk ,T. : MoKeon, : J. Tamony, P. j. Dwyer
J.. P. :McGuire, ; P. Pendergrast and J m'
Walsh, v v ' • ¦-¦ - ¦.-¦, "
r Prizes — Frank Shilling-' and James ' Murphy
Press — F.' Schilling, C. Asmussen and P*
Kelly. : • * . .. , .. , .
Labor day 4 has been selected by the
parishioners^ of St. Joseph's Church for
their annual picnic and reunion this year.
Schuetzen Park has been selected as the
place, and it is expected that every mem
ber of. the parish will be on hand that
day. ¦-.- A programme- of I rare excellence
embracing games of all kinds and for all
ages, with a little terpsichorean divertise
ment in the main pavilion, will serve to
make the day pass most pleasantly. The
price of tickets, including fare, admission
to the grounds and a\participation In the
distribution : of hundreds of gate prizes
has been fixed at'75cent3,vwith half rates
for children. ¦ -j •.. • -. -• ¦ • . . - ¦ ¦— .
The committees ; in charge are - as " fol
lows: 1 ,;-; *' i -•'- ¦¦ ¦ . ¦-. : , r ¦
Reception— Mrs. Dehney, Mrs.- MHley, Mrs
Black, Mrs. Derharn, Mrs. Smith, Mrs. Anr
lin Mrs. Bayreuther/ Mrs. Silk, Miss Josie
Dillon, Miss H. Casey and Miss Sinfers
- Floor — G. Bayreuther, ¦ manager; Pv Kelly
assistant manager; Ed .Lucett. E. Broderlck'
J. Mlley,' W. E. Gantner.: W. J: Lawlor H*
Thurber, T. . Sheehan, Thomas W. Hickey '
Music— Rev. Father Keane. Frank Schlliine
and T. E.Tracey. : . 6
Enjoy Labor Day at - Schuetzen
itW'- Park. i
Irlembers of St. Joseph's Parish to
PARISHIONERS; TO JOIN"
IN A GRAND; 111111111611
Simmons, with , rare presence of mind,
desperately endeavored to cut .the para
chute away from the debris, but though
he succeeded \ the ' umbrella-shaped con
trivance; did not have I time to open and
thus break the fall. Man and parachute
shot down to the earth with terrific rapid
ity. Hundreds sickened. at the sight and
many women fainted as the ' man struck
the ground. He was carried I senseless ' to
the hotel: -Physicians examined : him and 1
found severe internal injuries and a fract
ure of the spine;., .- v.: ¦¦
: In 'the presence' of NKJOXpeople' the mon
ster bag, -with . car, and: parachute at
ta'ched,~slibtup'into the"' ! alr.T*A' cheer fol
lowed* the intrepid . aeronaut, but died on
the*' lips of the spectators* when-, with .-a
resounding clap the big gas bag exploded.
The balloon was 300 feet in the air, when
the accident happened and, it began to
descend rapidly.
! STERLINGr I"-.: Aug. ¦ 31.T-C.;. Simmona,
a young aeronaut -of Evansvllle, Ind, waa
fatally Injured last night by a fall from
his balloon while making: atv ascension at
this place.-; ¦ v . . ; ¦ -i'^Y^ : ' ::
Records of Season aft
. Saratoga Show High
Playing.,
SARATOGA, Aug. 31.— The season of
gambling in Saratoga ended at midnight
to-night, and shortly after 1 o'clock on
Monday; morning the season of carnival
will begin. The gamblers have , had | a
short but, generally speaking, a profitable
summer. There are just four places which
property may be called gambling houses—
the. Saratoga Club, Chicago Club,";Man
hattan Club-, and United States' Club.
There are two or - three other, cheap af
fairs, but they cut no figure..
Big money has been \ staked at these
four, houses and all but one of them have
made money. The play has. been light all
summer . at- the United States \ Club, ; and
for that ¦ reason its profits have been of
the kind which gamblers find fault' with.
But, -as for. the rest, Richard A. Canfield
of • the Saratoga Club, James Kennedy,
"Big Jim 1 "- his friends; call him,, of the
Chicago Club, and Westcott and Tom
Jolly;of the Manhattan, will be richer. by
many thousands of dollars when they get
back to New York than when they came
here early in the summer.;-.
. : The feature of the gambling here has
been the r high j play at the Saratoga Club.
Nowhere in the world, and this statement
is < made ; on the authority of those who
know the > world's , great gambling houses
and business they, do, has there ever been
seen such high; play.- as ,'<has been seen
at the Saratoga. Club -this season. .:A lit
tloi over. $1,000,000 , has been won and lost"
.therein little less than four weeks and a
fair, estimate - of • the net profits to the
house, including ,to-nlght's play, is $125,
000.;, The L Chicago Club, it Is > said, has
cleared 'about ? $25,000 and the Manhattan
about s $15,000. . .. ¦¦-, ,',.-¦-¦ .-, ¦
¦ What-, is considered ¦ higrh "play by gam
blers^of ,•¦ Canfleld's , measure Is that in
which > the player, stands j to Closes* from
$10,000 ito $15,000 on. the. turn iof a; card at
the faro table orai turn of the wheel | at
roulette. ~ .There ' have - been"- many such
players at the Saratoga- Club this summer
but,. strange as it may, seem to some per
sons, ! . they have :- not ' been ; professional
gamblers. -1'And;-, another,'- strange turn
.which fortune has taken. at the Saratoga
: Club . is ; illustrated by . the i fact that; with
two * exceptions, chouse ' - has ?; lost to
heavy players ? right ; through the season.
Two exceptions i are * a ; Baltimore ",• lawyer
and a New York wine merchant. ; The lat
ter lost $13,000.-;i"r-i-; > c-;=.-'';v'* l -_-"---.-;:. 1 -»'4 *"?* ¦¦.-•¦¦ "
\ The" biggest -winner fat; Canfield's place
was a New York "man -, who fills ; a lar?e
placevin: the 'financial* worlds He ; played
¦ with chips which' cost ¦ him" $2000 a stack,
or ¦ $100 : apiece. ¦; He i played . perhaps -. half
a dozen times during the sunjmer and qui*
a .winner of $25,000. "; Another large winner
was a man who sold his seat onthe Stock
Exchange last : winter i and , retired- from * a
very well-known *¦< brokerage J firm, r ; Two
weeks ago to-night he played for an hour
and cashed!^'$7600 in:chips, making nim
$6500 winner „ at one sitting. : : Kirk Gunn '¦ of
Chicago won $15,000 of, Canfleld's ; money
;arfaro., - - .- ¦ ¦ ' ¦ - ..-.¦ •• ¦ ¦- J
Spectators.:
Explosion of Gas ' Terri
: fies' Thousands of
GAMBLERS MAKE
GREAT FORTUNES
AERONAUT FALLS
WITH BALLOON
r The most realistic performance on rec
ord was when Samson brought down the
house. /
ST. PAUL'S PARISH'S NEW CHURCH AS 'IT WILL APPEAR WHEN
COMPLETED AND THE PARISH PRIEST WHO HAS LABORED
¦ EARNESTLY TO HAVE IT ERECTED.
Dr. Gibbon and his bride will leave on
Monday afternoon for their future home
In Philadelphia. They will go- by the
northern route and visit many places of
interest on the way. ¦
Miss -Elizabeth Young,, th© maid of
honor, will wear a dainty gown of white
silk mull, trimmed with white lace. She
will carry a bouquet of long-stemmed
American Beauty roses. Invitations to the
ceremony have been limited to the im
mediate friends of the couple, but for the
reception and breakfast which will follow
200 invitations have been issued..
The wedding of Miss Marjorle Young
and Dr. "John'H. Gibbon will be celebrated
on Monday at noon at the residence of the
bride's father. General Young, at Fort
Mason. Elaborate preparations are be
ing made for the happy event. In the
conservatory a raised platform has been
erected which will be' screened off with a
trellis work of ferns and white | flowers,
and there the young couple will stand be
fore Rev.- Dr. Clampett of Trinity, who
will make them, husband and .wife.
- The bride will be attended by her sister.
Miss Elizabeth -Young, who will officiate
as maid of honor. . Dr. Robert Gibbon,
brother of the groom, will be best man.
The bride will wear an elegant gown of
white panne satin. The skirt ia made en
traine and the high-necked corsage is
trimmed with point j lace. A veil and
orange blossoms will complete the cos
tume. , ¦
GENERAL'S DAUGHTEE
WELL BE THE BRIDE
Miss Young and Dr. Gibbon to Be
Married at Fort Mason on
Monday.
The remains of Mr. and Mrs. Rudolph
were taken to San Jose yesterday after
noon by Otto Rudolph, brother of the
murdered man. . v--% — ¦•,-¦: -.*•.'--..¦
Garner was granted a divorce on the
ground of desertion four years ago at San
Bernardino. His ex-wife and Rudolph im
mediately left for Seattle and later came
to San Francisco.
and then a separation came, and it waa
claimed that Rudolph, whom she after
ward married, was the cause of her trou
ble with her first husband.
Continued From Page Thirteen.
PASSENGERS MEET DEATH.
President Loubet will arrive at Dunkirk
September 17, accompanied by the Cabi
net Ministers, and will open the new City
Hall, there during the afternoon. The fol
lowing morning President Loubet and
family will embark on the torpedo-boat
destroyer Cassini, which will proceed to
the three-mile limit, where the President
Is expected to greet the Czar between 10
and 11 o clock. M. Loubet will go on
board the • Standart, which will then re-
View the fleet. The Standart .will after
ward go to the dock near the railroad and
there will be a luncheon, given in the hall
of; the Chamber, of Commerce. Then the
Czar and M. Loubet will proceed by sep
arate trains to Compiegne. * M. Loubet
will: arrive there first and will greet the
guests. | There will be ; a banquet- In the
¦evening and probably a gala performance
at the Castle Theater. ¦
precautions to insure the
Czar's safety . during i his stay in France
are being taken. All undesirable foreign
fl 3 h ave. been expelled from Dunkirk and
the Cbauteau at- Compiegne is. closelv
guarded .by troops. Each house has been
.examined and the occupants have been
compelled to give detailed information re
gardingthemselves. All access of visitors
tcrtne Chauteau at Compiegne is now for
bidden; except to holders of special passes.
The Czar will be on board the imperial
yacht Standart; which will be escorted by
the Polar Star, unless » he invites the
grand . admiral, the Duke Alexis, to ac
company him, when the cruiser Svletlana
will join, the escort., v '- V
'; PARIS, "Aug. 31.— As'the day set for the
arrival of ".the. Czar in France "approaches
interest in; his Majesty's visit is quicken
ing) into excitement.;'- The newspapers are
devoting columns daily to the various ar
rangements under way. v The official pro
gramme of the fetes Is still unpublished,
but it is now. known that the Czar will
reach Dunkirk-during the mornlngr of Sep
tember 18, . He will | proceed to Compiegne
the. same afternoon and will go to Rlems
the following day to witness the sham
fights, with which the grand maneuvers
will close, from Vitry Fort. - Finally, Sep
tember 21, he will go to Beetheny, near
Kiems, to be present at the review of the
whole army engaged in the eastern
maneuvers and will probably start' on his
way/home early the next morning.
- In order to make the naval display at
Dunkirk B more imposing the ' French
northern squadron ¦ will be reinforced by
three battleships arid a cruiser from the
Mediterranean fleet, ;- giving a total of
thirty-nine warships, -including eleven
battleships, five . cruisers, three torpedo
boat • destroyers, seventeen torpedo-boats
and 'three submarine boats. ./
.Against Attempt ; at
/ Assassination. "
Extraordinary Precautions
of Nicholas.
- Over the Coming
Enthusiasm in France
CZAR TO HAVE
WARM WELCOME
LAYING ST. PAUL'S CORNERSTONE
WITH SIMPLEST OF CEREMONY
FEAR TROUBLE
IF HE RETIRES
Archbishop Riordan Blesses the New Sacred Edifice
Already Being Erectedr
Unionists Alarmed at
Prospect of Salis
bury's Action.
Members of the Premier's
Family Urging Him to
Resign.
LOXDON, Aug. SL— Rumors of Lord
Salisbury's retirement are due to the ex
istence of an agitation within the Pre-
mier*s own family that he take- the step
in order to preserve his health. His sons
and daughters believe the strain of con
ducting the affairs of the empire Is bound
to shorten his life.
In this they have been opposed by sev
eral less closely related members of the
Cecil family, and almost -all th© leaders
of the Unionist party. The latter, bo far
as can be learned, are likely to prevail
for the present, at any rate in their con
tention that relief from the duties of
Premier would be a very doubtful bene
fit to- Lord Salisbury's health, which, just
' now, is not bad, considering his age. "
. In former times when his retirement
¦was mooted the opposition to such a etep
was based on the absolute necessity for
Lord Salisbury's presence in the Foreign
Office. Thanks to Lord Lansdowne's
apparent ability to handle that depart
i ment, this necessity no longer exists, but
: the cry has now changed and the Union
'ists admit that the selection of a suc
cessor to Lord Salisbury would perhaps
•precipitate an internal struggle. Hence,
the extreme, and as some of the mem
bers of Lord Salisbury's family consider,
almost inhuman pressure on the Premier
to retain power, which,' for him, has lost
all attraction.
TURKEY MAKES
NEW OVERTURES
Continued From Page Thirteen.
WITH MUSIC anD RED BLAZE.
has received from the Porte a copy of a
telegram sent to the Ottoman Embassy
at Paris for communication to M. Del
casse, French Foreign Minister. •-
This telegram, while giving vague as
surances, formulates nothing concrete. It
requests a resumption of diplomatic re
lations bet-ween the two countries with a
view of reaching a satisfactory settle
ment of the matters in dispute.
CONSTANTINOPLE. Aug. 31. — M.
Bapst, counselor of the French Embassy,
Diplomatic Relations
With France.
Requests a Resumption of
BRITISH LAUD
LABOR UNIONS
Organized Workmen De
clare They Advance
Industries.
WASHINGTON. Aug. 8L— The Ameri
can Federatlonist, the official organ of
the • Federation of Labor, and of ; which
Samuel Gompers Is editor, to-day prints
replies from a number, of prominent labor
organizations advocates in Great Britain
to an inquiry from Gompers 'as to
whether- It is -true that England's Indus
tries are seeking other fields, and-; if so
whether this is the fault of the trades
unions.
. The replies are all negative as to the
influence of the unions. George Barnes,
general secretary of the Amalgamated
Society of j Engineers, Manchester, . Eng
land, .says that "those industries, which
are best organized on the ' workmen's side
are the most prosperous industries of the
country. The shipbuilding, engineering,
coal getting and cotton spinning are well
organized industries and were never so
prosperous, whereas, on the other hand,
the heavy textile industries, shoemaking
and several other industries that might
be mentioned, and which are but indif
ferently organized on the side of the
working people, are dwindling."
Chief of Eagles Arrives.
Del Carey Smith, grand worthy presi
dent of the fraternal order of Eagles,
arrived in the city from the East last
evening and registered at the Palace
Hotel. A delegation of deputies, headed
by James F. Cheetham, State deputy
grand president, met the chief officer and
his wife at Oakland and escorted them to
San Francisco. Arrangements will be
made to-day for the entertainment of
President Smith. The president is return
ing to his home in Spokane, having. made
an extended fraternal tour throughout the
middle and Atlantic States. The organi
zation of which he Is chief Is rapidly
gaining In membership and prestige.
One of the curiosities of Cuba is a
Quaker* meeting-house, which- has been
erected". at Bibara, near " Santiago. The
congregation of Friends is said to number
wer 200. ' ' . ' ¦¦ • ¦
14
"I want a positive answer. Miss Jones.
'Will * you marry me?" "No!" ."That's
.¦hardly fair. -I asked for a positive/answer
.and you have given me a negative."—
Philadelphia Times. - -
O. "Walton, a striking teamster residing
at 235 Eleventh street, was treated at the
Central Emergency Hospital last night
for bruises and contusions received at the
hands of a number of strikers who at
tacked him at the corner of Third and
Harrison streets.
Beaten by Strikers.
The first of the week the decoration of
the city will begin. Each business house
•will deck its front, and across the streets
•will be strung American and bear flags.
¦will be a" good representation of pioneers.
At -the close of the parade literary exer
cises will be held in St. James Park. W.*
A. Beasley will deliver the ¦ address of
. •welcome. Grand President Coombs will be
president of the day. and Grand Orator
McLaughlin will deliver, the annual ora
tion. ". ' • ' ¦"¦ "V«t ¦ . _„
The Native Daughters will receive at
Tarn.yerein Hall in the afternoon and the
. Pioneers will receive at Odd Fellows'
HalL Bicycle races will be held in the
afternoon at Cyclers' Park: 1 .
A." grand ball will conclude the main fes
tft-ities of the celebration. The ball will
be held In Turn Vereln Hall and the grand
inarch will be led by Grand President
Coombs of the Native Sons and Genevieve
"W. Baker, the grand president of the Na
tive Daughters.
Tuesday morning an excursion - will be
held to Mount Hamilton, permission hav
ing been granted to the natives to peep
Through the telescope on the evening of
.that day. . •
THE S^^s FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 1, 1901;
fVhat are Humors?
They are vitiated or morbid flaid? cours-
ing the veins . arid the ; ¦ tissues.
They are commonly due to defective diges-
tion but are sometimes Inherited. .
How do they manifest tnemselyes?
• In many forma of ¦, cutaneous a eruption,
salt rheum or eczema, L pimples and boils,
and in weakness, languor, general debility.
;How are they ,'eipelled? By> \'l%).
Hood's^ Sarsdparllla
which also builds up, the system; that has
suffered froin them.
It :¦ is ' the ¦ best medicine , for all humors.
NEW WESTERN HOTEL,
1^ EARNT AND v WASHINGTON STS.— R&
•* modeled and renovated. KINO, WARDtB
CO. European plan. Rooms. - 50o to $1 W day:
J5 to *8 week; $8 to *20 month. Free baths; hot
and cold water every room; flr« grates la every
room; elevator runs all nigfct- ¦ .
0 fresh, pure druses, etc?% »
w We do such a big business our goods never
mi; k ave time to become stale or shop worn. \
M Good times, hard times or dull times, there •''¦ is %
Jf al^ a y s a crowd in the ' .Owl;, D rug- Store— nsur low vk'
W P^ 3 bring and hold customers. These special \
I j prices good until Saturday; night, September 7th • \n
Munyon s Soap ; 10c: Pozzoni's Powder' 25c In 1
$ Florida Water > 45c CamcIIinc 30c '|
\? - _, Mcr ™7&Lanm*n*i7scflze."L •• ' ' ¦ ¦':"''"• ' Hejalar price 40c. ' : }]«
\ i Hermitage Whiskey 65c Pear's Soar* ia Ifll
• 4f\— Th«: regnlir. price of thf. good ., . .,," *¦ Ud P .:. |"C 'f '
4Ru vrhiskey is $t — our usual price 75V; - • V:rS T e ccnts ess 'han our regnlar i'uJ
o«j ru " l-m. lM
W how often h»ve 7ou P »i4J5cibkr % v»uiicura and v/hurchill s ji'JJ
m CaWe^s Dcntine'2 fo.^25c ' § &^^W^0Mm
. UkVi Oor repiltr price 15c. ,,. ,, regularly for 45c each, r ' tf/I '
m Sozodontj smair 15c Epsom Salts 1 Ib Sc fill
• v- . r ~
MRS. LEONE DOLEHAN, OF MINNEAPOLIS, MINN.
MRS. LEONE DOLEHAN writes from bed with suppressed menstruation for
the Commercial Hotel, Minneapolis, three months. / had bearing down and
Minn., as follows: ... . ,, ., , UfL •
"For two months my physician expert- cutting pams all tnrougn me. When I
merited with me, trying to cure a hard „,„. nhla in na-t i/n I wnv e/i wartlr nnri
cold which settled in my stomach causing was aOle ]° 9 e < U P ' was s ° We ?*° na .
inflammation and catarrh. I then made thin that I COUld hardly Walk. What I
to help me, and reading some of the flat- ate disagreed with me; I had stomach
te SSS o « a i t ?-aS«Si ue i- < i<^ and liver trouble, and my feet and
try it, . limbs were swollen so I could scarcely
'/It was six weeks before I could eat a ,/„_ „„_„_,/ f
meal without unpleasant effects, but I drag arouna.
have now been well for six months and "I took Peruna and it ' has done won-
Leon^D^lehan. "|?" '% Peruna -"- Mrs - ders for me. My Cure was a surprise
Mrs.Wm. Henderson, Borduiac, N. c, to my friends forthey never expeciad
WT "7wasfroublBd with vbpv 'serious *<> see me well again. I just took two
i was trouoiea wnn very serious botUea of Peruna after doctoring for
female weakness ; had spells of VOW- five months and growing worse all th»
ing that exhausted me so that I feared Te*sk^"y, C Bay^-d, la., writeWi
/ would lose my mind. I suffered un- _ "^f ter I received your letter of advlc>
told agony with^y back, the pain ex- } ? o K1nra r m In ffl C Vo On S 3 a y a3 th n atTa^
SL^SlS 4 "^ * t * m -~-* b *.
highly, for it cured me entirely of that. "S.^SS Craig of Renno.'s. C.
Not a sign of pain has ever returned, writes:
nntt fhnf will vnnn hn fwn vpnn* nnw "* took Peruna Quite a while before I
ana Xnat Wilt SOOn OB tWO years now. wag confined and find that It helped me
"I am glad that there. is a. way I can a great deai. 1 am the mother of four
speak, trusting that many a sufferer will girls, and this last one was a boy. I had
read my testimonial, and not only read, no trouble at' all. had the easiest time I
but believe."— Mrs. William Henderson. ever had. and the baby has not had a
Women are extremely liable -to catarrh day's sickness since he was born.- Folks
of the stomach and pelvic organs. These say he is a regular Peruna baby."— Mrs.
diseases, especially in the depressing Mary Craig. ¦
weather of summer, are very hard to Dr. . S. ' B. Hartman, president of The
bear. Happiness and good health are in- Hartman Sanitarium, Columbus. Ohio.
separable, and With -catarrh no:. woman the famous gynaecologist, has announced
can be happy or healthy. his willingness to direct the treatment of
Mrs. M. P. Curry, Petersburg, 111., as many woman as apply to him during
writes: . ; . ; the summer months, free of charge. Ad-
"I have been troubled with female trou- dress Dr. S. B. Hartman. president of The
ble since my girlhood, and was sick in Hartman Sanitarium. Columbus. Ohio
B.KATSCHINSKI
I PHILADELPHIA SHOE GO. 5
10 THIRD STREEVSAM FRANCISCO.
I What's More Up to Date
I Pateint Leather Oxfords ?
j| Ladies "know what a stylish
y shoe means. It tones up the en-
H tire costume and stamps the
Eg wearer as being well dressed.
|1 Patent leather Oxford3 are the
3 favorites, ;but in the past have
y been held so high as not to- be
U within reach of all. But we offer
I a special." Just for this week: La-
1 ' dies' Patent Leather Oxford
M Ties, coin toes and tips, hand-
H turned soles and French heels, for
|j $1.93 a' pair. Sizes 3 to 7J^,
m widths A to JE.
H Little Gents' Vlci Kid Lace Shoe3.
*| -<• "Wide • coin • toes .and tipsr • double
|d soles and low. broad heels; reduced
n from $150 to SI .13 a pair; sizes
t! 9 to 13%, widths B to E.
H;'" Agents for "W.L. Doujlaa ttnlon-
H stamped shoes. %
M "We have no branch, stores nor
jj traveling salesmen.
b| Country orders solicited.
I philadelphTa shoe co.
I 10 THIRD STREET.
ra San Francisco:15
THE SAJN FRANCISCO CALL, 'SUNI> AY, SEPTEMBER 1, 1 901 .
KNOXVILLE, Tenn., Aug. SI.—Arbitra
tion has won the day in the Jelllco mining
district, but over 2000 men in. the Coal
Creek mines laid down their tools to
night in response to an order of President
Howe' of the United Mine Workers, Dis
trict No. .'19. The wage scale expired to
night." but Jellico operators and miners,
who have been in session all •- the week,
signed an agreement to arbitrate their
differences, work' to continue in the mean
time. The Royal Company of the Coal
Creek district signed a similar agreement,
but the operators at Coal Creek have
»taken no action. The men ask an ad
vance In wages, a nine-hour day and a
pay day every two weeks. The Jelllco
operators and miners have about settled.
Arbitrators are to reach an agreement
before October 1. l : • " --
Arbitration Ends Strike.
Arriving at the Temple of Music the Im
perial consul dismounted and entered the
building, the , various temples following.
Illustrious Potentate Walter D. Green of
Ismaela Temple, Mayor Dlehl and Direc
tor General Buchanan of the exposition
delivered addresses of welcome, to -which
Illustrious Phillip Shaffer, imperial po
tentate, and Illustrious Sam Briggs, past
imperial potentate, replied. During the
morning Damascus Army Patrol gave an
exhibition drill, . which was much enjoyed
iby the thousands of visitors.
BUFFALO, Aug. 31.— The Mystic Shrin
ers from all parts of the country made
merry at the Ifan-American Exposition
grounds to-day. First there was a parade
within the grounds, passing through the
Esplanade, the Midway and past the New
York State building to , the Temple of
Music, where the exercises of the day
•tfer held. Grand Marshal E. C. Knight,
with his staff, headed the column.
Country Take Part in the
Celebration.
Delegates From All Parts of the
SHRINEBS MAKE MERRY
AT THE PAN-AMERICAN
NEWPORT, R. 1*| Aug. 31.— The Co
lumbia, splendidly handled, beat the Con
stitution " to-day four - minutes nineteen
seconds, corrected time, over a course of
fifteen miles to windward and back, in
the first- trial races to select the cup de
fender.* The defeat -was decisive, and ad
mirers of the- Constitution N are at their
wits' end to make " apo'ogies \ and excuses
for her bad behavior. She was fresh from
the Herreshoff ship yard, where her bot
tom was burnished until it glistened like
plate glass '¦ in the sunlight. Her sails
fitted her "admirably, with the exception
of the -balloon jib topsail, which she set
on" the homeward reach. She had no
drawback, to act as a detriment to; her
speed.-. Moreover, Nat Herreshoff, her de
signer and builder, was aboard. The Con
stitution was beaten fairly on her merits,
and unless she sails better on'Monday and
Wednesday the committee which has the
matter. In charge may decide upon select
ing the Columbia to meet the Shamrock
II. only possible excuse that the
backers of the Constitution have to offer
is that the Constitution got the worst of
the start, ibeing handicapped several sec
onds. This is quite true. , She got the
'. worst, of the start, because her skipper
was outgeneraled and outclassed. But
the few seconds she lost thus cannot by
any means be distorted to account for the
signal defeat administered to her by the
Columbia after the race was started as a
dead beat to windward, the course being
south-southeast, dead In the teeth of a
nine-knot breeze and in smooth water, the
very choicest weather for the Constitu
tion if she had been sailing up to her old
tim». form. The wind, however, hauled
so much to the eastward as to allow the
yachts to steer their course so that, as a
matter of fact, the dead beat resolved
itself into one long leg and a couple of
short hitches. The surprising part of the
race was the sagging off to leeward of the
Constitution when close hauled. In a
stiff breeze one might have expected to
see the Columbia beating her,' but in the
weather that prevailed to-day it was in
deed amazing to see the Constitution so
badly defeated.: The hauling of the wind
to the eastward of the course benefited
the Columbia slightly, as she was tho
leading yacht, but it cannot with any jus
tice be alleged that this was the real
cause of the Constitution's defeat.
Excuses Offered for the De
:¦ fender Are Many and
Fantastic.
Yacht.
" ¦ ¦ >
First of the Final Trials
i 1 ' Goes to the Old
COLUMBIA GAINS
SIGNAL VICTORY
Whitman Makes No Plea.
„ BOSTON, Aug. 31.— Alonzo J. Whitman
was ' arraigned ' in ; court here . to-day ,' on
charges of forgery 1 and larceny and was
held in $5000 bail before, the Grand Jury.
Whitman made no plea. His' alleged .vic
tims here are Hunt & Co.. and Arm
strong: & Co., brokers. .¦ •,',•'.-
Transfer j of Coin From Washington
- to this ' South and West TJn- ;
Tiaige.
•WASHINGTON, j Aug. 31.— The ship
ments of money from the Treasury to the
South ' and -.West ; for.- the movement of
crops' have Keen much .-¦ heavier this sea
s<5n than ever before. Treasurer Robert3
said. to-day ¦ that at* the close of August.
1899, there had been : transferred , to the
sub-trea.suries -at -Chicago, • New 'Orleans
and St.: Louis vhe sum of $2,118,500.
I ;Atithe:close of the, same month in'1900
the total -was $3,4O0,(X)O.and at the close- of
business at the Treasury to-day the total
was $7,950,CC0, of' which . New i Orleans I has
received $2.525,000. •;. The currency., is ship
ped; a3 a rule, one-fourth in silver'certifi
cates up,. to fa.. one-fourth iruChited States
notes of the denomination "of .$10, 'and the
remainder, In )£old certificates.; Gold coin
is not -in denvmd 'for crop moving pur
poses.' ' '¦-.' ¦¦. ' . -
'•¦¦ ..' ¦¦:'.: '..— — r-» : "•-:.¦¦
Fear Negro Ivlay ;Ba Lynched.
1 & OKLAHOMA CITY; O. T.; Aug.' 31— Will
Favors/,' the : Pierce City fnesro ;. porter,
j charged wit h : the | rrnrrder. of. Miss Gazella
ijWilrl, ha white cirl.,- started back>to Mis
souri to-day. In charge of -officers from
j that State. -Favors willbehcld in Kansas
: City," until.. Hi is . considered : feafe * to ; talcs
him, to -¦ Pierco City, ¦¦where : three' nesrcc3
,have' already, bejn "lynched, for the' crime
twith which -ho is chargeil>' Governor Jen-
I kins honored 'Governor Dockery's riqulsi
| tion'to-da: f . . ' .' ¦ -.
BIG MONEY SHIPMENTS
FOR MOVING OF CROPS
fantry, and wife; Mrs.. A. B. Kelly. -wife of
Lieutenant | Kelly, i Seventeenth Infantry; Mrs.
F. W. Benteen, Mrs. "W. M. Goodale and Mrs.
Ellis Cromwell. . ¦: „ ,. :- • •
SCENES AT THE SAILING .OF
THE UNITED STATES TRANS
PORT SHERIDAN.
Among the passengers were "the follow
ing named: . '
, Mrs. "bit. F. Alford, Mfs. J. Baxter, wife of
Captain Baxter of the Quartermaster's. De
partment; Mrs. Henry T. Allen, wife of Cap
tain Allen: Mrs. P. L. Palmer, • wife of Cap
tain Palmer, Ninth Infantry; Professor H. H.
Hialt, wife and daughter; Major ' Henry F.
Hoyt, surgeon United States Army, and wife;
Mrs. Ira Ayer Jr., Mrs. N. F. McClure; Mrs.
Elmer S. Tenney, wife of Lieutenant Tenney;
Mrs. C. H. Hunter, wife of Captain Hunter,
Artillery Corps; Captain J. C. Castner, Fourth
Infantry, and Mrs. .'Castner; Mrs. F. A.
Thompson, wife of Lieutenant Thompson; Pro
fesEor Paul C. Freer and wife; Mrs. H. A."
Field, wife of Lieutenant Field, United States
Navy; Mrs. G. M. Cralle, wife of Lieutenant
Cralle. Twentieth Infantry; Commander John
A.. Norris; United States Navy, and wife; Mrs.
E. R. HeisburK. wife of* Lieutenant Hel3
burg; Major W. M. Gilbert, pay depart
ment; Mrs. V.'illiam Elliott, wife -" of
Captain Elliott: Major Philip Reade. Fourth
Infantry; Chaplain ¦\Vllllam Colbert: Captain
R. R. Offley. Thirteenth Infantry. . and .wife;
Lieutenant Charles de F. Chandler, Slcnal
Corps: Mrs. : Holbrook, wife' of Captain Hol
brook; Captain C. S. Bradford. United States
M/ C. ; Captain ¦;¦ M. Crowley^ Seventeenth In-'
Passengers Who Sailed.
- Captain M. Crowley of the Seventeenth
Infantry and his wife nearly -lost their
ppbsage, owing to a cat which the lady
was taking along. Pussy was comfortably
housed in a basket, which was laid down
In the office at the head of the wharf. By
some means or another the cat made her
escape and In a few minutes every man
in the transport service was in the chase.
Puss finally took refuge behind the radi
ator and a plumber had to be got from the
Warren to remove the heater before the
cat could be secured. In the meantime
the Sheridan had moved away from the
whsrf and Captain Crowley and his- wife
had* to- be taken off to, her in a launch.
Mrs.' Crowley procured the cat in Alaska
and prizes it very highly.-
senger. She is going to the islands to
marry Lieutenant Joseph C. Brady of the
Fcurth Infantry. The marriage will take
place at the home of Surgeon Mace in Ma
nila on the 24th inst. ¦¦ . - : • ¦'¦-.¦
It Is the purpose of the promoters to
organize under the laws of New Jersey.
The title of the company will be the
American Laundry Machinery- Manufac
turing ¦ Company, and the company . will
have a- total capitalization of $10,500,000—
$8,000,000 7 per cent preferred cumulative,
and $8,500,000 common. Subscribers for:
preferred • stock will .. receive an : ; equal
number of shares of common. All. of the
properties have been purchased on a per
centage earning basis, with no compensa
tion for the valuable patents and. good
will, thus covering the product and elimi
nating competition. ' \ . .
PITTSBURG, 'Aug. 31.— A ! syndicate
composed mostly of Plttsburg men,
headed by Charles A. Painter of this city,
has Just succeeded In- effecting a combi- ,
nation of 96 per cent of the. laundry ma
chinery manufacturing plants in the
United States. Thomas A. Seltz, late!
president of the National Laundrymen's j
Association, secured the options for the
syndicate. . . . '. . "" ' - • "
More Than Sixteen Million Dollars
the y Capital for the New
-'v*'i*« Combine. ./rv
Among j those who went away on the
vessel was General Fred D. Grant,
and a big crowd was down to
see him off. Captain Joseph C. Castnor
of the Fourth Infantry and his bride were
aleo among the passengers. The couple
vtrc married Friday evening. The. bride
¦was formerly Miss . Ada White of this
cily. Miss E. J. Appier, the daughter of
an ex-Confederate officer, was also a pas-
LATTNDBY 3OACHINE MEU"
; OKGANTZE A TB/UST
Some of them are women bearing names
known in the highest places of the land.
Society was down at the transport dock
yesterday to wish them godspeed, and So
ciety, with the big S, ¦will watch eagerly
for. news of their safe arrival In the Or
ient. :, %
Society at the Dock.'
More than half the cabin passengers are
of the gentler sex. They are not just
plain, ordinary maids and matrons. They
are all army women; some of. them born
amid the traditions of the service and
Just as jealousfor the particular arm tr
which they belong as if Uncle Sam's chief
executive had commissioned them to wear
the red, yellow or white distinguishing
Btripes. Some of them are army women
by marriage, some by adoption and sev
eral are on tneir way Manilaward to re
ward with their hand some of Uncle
Sam's khaki clothed heroes.
THE United States army transport
Sheridan- started yesterday : on
what is probably the most impor
tant voyage, from a social stand
point, she has made since receiv
ing her commission as a military "carrier.
Her passenger list reads like tlie "among
those-present" roll of a social function. .
The Sheridan carries a heavy cargo,
coal enough for the trip from here to
Manila by way of Guam— the stop at Ho
nolulu will be omitted' this voyage— and
a number of enlisted men. All this Is us
ual, however, and hardly necessary to
mention. It is the personnel of the Sheri
dan's cabin guests that gives this-partic
ular voyage a special interest.
New Chilean Minister.
SANTIAGO DE CHILE. Aupr. 3L— It Is
reported that Don Joaauin "Walker Mar
tinez will probably be appointed Chilean
Minister at Washington.
BRADDOCK, Pa., Aug. \ 3L — Over 123
chalnmakers employed at the Rankin
plant of the Standard CMain Company
went on strike to-day as a result of the
refusal of the company to grrant theman
Increase of 10 t>er cent previously demand
ed. Manager Robling stated to-day that
the remainder of the plant would not be
seriously crippled for some time, and that
only the chalnmakinE department would
remain idle. ,
Cliainmakers Quit Work.
CANAL DOVER, Ohio, Aug., 31.—Secre
tary Bishop of the State Board of Arbi
tration was here to-day and addressed
the strikers. Reporters were barred, but
It Is understood the mission of Bjshop was
to counsel the men against acts of vio
lence. The strikers have ignored the
court's order restraining them from pick
eting 1 the mills and are having a petition
prepared asking the court to dissolve the
injunction. \
Counsels Ken Against Violence.
Issued before then had it been possible to
get the executive committee of the or
ganization together.
President Shaffer, while declining to
discuss the matter, remained at his office
until a late hour to-night, and was much
occupied. Appearances indicated that he
was preparing for some important move
ment, but nothing could be learned ''from
him of the actual situation.
A telegram from Smithfield to-night
says: "The big steel strike has at last
affected the coke men, and as a result ;
orders have been received from head- 1
quarters for a wholesale banking of ovens
for this section of Clay County. The coke
oven men and miners here have been hav
ing prosperous times for a long time. The
miners have been averaging anywhere
' from S3 50 to $5 a day. while the coke
drawers have fared equally well. This
move will result in nearly 400 men being
forced into idleness, and many are now
leaving for other parts of the region. The
plants will work five days a week instead
of six, as has been the general run of
things for some time."
England, $149,755,620, an increase of over
$10,000,000 as compared with last year;
France, $63,244,658; Russia, $50,005,297, an
increase of over $5,000,000; Germany, $46,
$22,732; Italy. $23,703,595; Japan, $18,555,633,
and Spain, $3,SG0,000, to be devoted almost
exclusively to ship building.
England, 1,766,855; France, 781,065; Rus
sia, 552,545; United States, .507,494; Ger
many, 458,482; Italy, 322,707; Japan, 251,498.
Naval appropriations for the present
fiscal year are stated as follows:
To give an idea .of the fighting strength
of the seven principal navies of the world
a table is submitted showing the follow
ing total tonnage of ships built, building
and to be built:
The subject of wireless telegraphy, as
bearing on naval progress, is treated at
length, and it is stated that • great prog
ress has been made with this new means
of communication abroad during the past
year, particularly in increasing the dis
tance over which messages can be sent
and in providing means to guard against
confusion where messages cross one an
other. It is shown that the British.
French, German, Japanese, Russian, Ital
ian. Spanish and Swedish navies have
adopted wireless telegraphy to a greater
or les? extent.
A noteworthy statement is that the new-
German battle fleet will be practically
complete when the vessels laid down in
1905 are completed instead of in 1906, as
formerly proposed. "Vessels laid down aft
er 1905 will be either for foreign service or
the non-active fleet.'
CALL BUREAU. 1406 G STREET, N.
W\. WASHINGTON, Aug. 31.— Captain
Charles D. Sigsbee, chief of the office' of
Naval Intelligence, has made public that
bureau's annual publication entitled
"Notes on Naval Progress,"' which sets
forth in a comprehensive way the advance
that has been made in naval work among
the foreign navies.
It is learned to-night from reliable au
thority, in spite of the rigid secrecy
maintained by Burns and Shaffer con
cerning the telephonic conversation be
tween President Schwab and President
Burns, that something decisive may re
sult. It is said the President Schwab re
fused to hold any conference with Presi
dent Shaker, on the ground he no longer
represents any of the men employed by
the corporation. Immediately after this
conversation Burns went to President
Shaffer and urged him to call a meeting
of the executive board of the organization
at once, so that the men could be ordered
to work at the earliest moment possible.
It is believed this order will be issued not
later than Tuesday and would have been
Burns called on President Shaffer this
afternoon. He refused to state what
passed at the conference, but he Is horte
' ul that President Schwab will accord him
an interview to discuss the terms of
strike settlement. The future proposal
which it is said impresses the president
of the steel combine is putting the men
beck to work at once and then adjusting
any difficulties.
The steel corporation to-day continued
to add to the number of men at work In
.several of the plants that have resumed
sincf the strike began, but the Amalga
n.£ted people insist that the additions are
of no value, and that the strike situation
retrains without change. Neither side or
the controversy expects much to develop
until after Labor day outside of the Du
quesne probabilities. After Monday, how
ever, it is probable effective moves* will be
made by each.
Hopes for Conciliation.
It is learned from other sources that
during the extended^ wire conversation
Schwab told Burns-that he would.not con
sent to meet any representatives of the
Amalgamated Association until the mills
of the United States Steel Corporation
thrown idle by the order of President
Shaffer are put in operation again by the
former employes of the corporation re
turning to their work. He told Burns, It
is said, that the striking members of the
Amalgamated Association are no longer
employes of the United States Steel Corpo
ra tion. Hence there Is no reason why he
should meet any representative of the as
sociation. But if they voluntarily re
enter the employ of the corporation, it is
said, Schwab is willing to listen to any
grievance they may desire to lav before
him with reference to their work and
wages. And it is further intimated that
he will consent to allow these grievances
to be submitted by the officers of "their
union. » .
comment. It seems that the two men Teal
iy communicated with each other by tele
phone, but what the subject or result was
is not known. Burns is mysteriously
silent, and says he can say nothing just
yet.
Aside from the Duquense incident the
reported conference by long distance tele
phone between President Schwab of the
steel corporation and Simon Burns, presi
dent of the Window Glass Association,
was the only other happening to cause
Burns Talks to Schwab.
Until to-morrow night it will not be
known certainly which side is right in its
contention. The Amalgamated people
claim to be able to tie up tha. plant.' and
the steel company paople say that they
will resume without any material incon
venience.
PITTSBURG, Aug. 3L— The steel strik-.
crs say to-night that they have sained
their biggest victory since the fight began.
In the closing down of the open hearth de
partment of the Duquesne steel works.
The Amalgamated people claim that the
open hearth people have struck and that
the entire plant will have to close if the
men fail to return to work Sunday.
The Carnegie steel people make light of
the matter, and say the closing of *he
open hearth department to-day was mere
ly the usual Saturday afternoon close.
They maintain that j the men will be on
hand for work Sunday evening ai~hereto- ;
fore, and that no stoppage will result.
They say the trouble at the plant Friday
night has been .exaggerated very much;
that instead of a large number of men
having quit work, only a few boys were
escorted from the mill by policemen and
that the places of the ejected were filled
at once."
The Development of Wireless
Telegraphy the Con
spicuous "Work.
Carnegie People Declare That
the Incident Is an Insig
nificant One.
Sigsbee's Report Shows
in Foreign
Fleets.
Inspires Joy.
Closing of the Duquesne
Works Department
STEEL STRIKERS
CLAIM VICTORY
KAITONS BUSY
WITH NAVIES
Her Passenger uist Reads Like the Among=Those=
Present Rbll^at a SodetyJPunction. x
TRANSPORT SHERIDAN CARRIES
ARMY WOMEN TO THE ORIENT
PR: KILMEB'S SWAMP-BOOT.
Over-Work Weakens
Your Kidneys.
Unhealthy Kidneys Make Impure Blood.
All the blood In your body passes through
yow kidneys once every three minutes.
PThe kidneys ara your
blood purifiers, they fil-
ter out the waste or
impurities in the blood.
If they are sick or out
of order, they fail to do
their work.^ \;''-\
Pains, aches and rheu-'
matisrn come from ex-
cess of uric acid in tho
blood, due to neglected
kidney trouble.
Kidney trouble causes quick or unsteady
heart beats, and makes one feel as though
they had heart trouble, because the heart i3
over-working in pumping thick, kidney-
poisoned blood through veins and arteries. ¦
. It used to be considered that only urinary
troubles were to be traced to the kidneys,
but now modern science proves that nearly
all constitutional diseases have their begin-
ning In kidney trouble.
If you are sick you can make no mistake
by first doctoring your kidneys^ The mild
and the extraordinary effect of Dr. Kilmer's
Swamp-Root, the great kidney remedy Is
soon realized. It stands the highest for Its
wonderful cures of the most distressing cases
and is sold on its merits f^"^"--,.
by all druggists in fifty- frt^^^fe 7 ;"-^
cent and one-dollar siz-^^pipra^
es. You may have , a S6a £sSgH|^§g|a
sample bottle by mail Home of swamp-Root,
free, also pamphlet telling you how to find
out if you have kidney or bladder trouble.
Mention this paper when writing Dr. Kilmer
& Co., Bingharaton. N. Y.
I BARGAIN LIST I
1 No. 17.' 1 I
i Photo Goods, }
Magic Lanterns, I
4 Moving Picture Machines ,J>
| And Kilms J
| NOW READY FOR MAILING. |
I T. P. ANDREWS,. I
| 109 MONTGOMERY STREET, |
Y San Francisco, CaL ¦•>
TRUSS FITTING.
The benefit or our large /^^Sk
experience In fitting and J ¦**?*¦
curing Ruptures by the fitaSH&fffil
Fidelity Method Is se- Wle^vSi
cured In this g^> mM '
office. We ¦&/ '>»-_ *>^ f wo?
only charge v *ee»>2*
for expert nt-
ting: and furnish Jfi23j5*k
TRUSSES FREE. MW%
M'e can cure re- *M'^& |j
flucible ruptures in 60 EW^wlla £3
days by our method S&%W(J
•without pain or Io3s of MA'&jtt^r
time. Over 2i),000 cure3 "Sw^T^*^
in 10 years. The fee 'gfatSa^ 9
i may be deposited in a &£v<+ : ?'
1 bank, payable to your XSi^S
i own order, to bs handed EsM IE
' us when cured; NOT Si Sat; i
BEFORE^- Successful on g& ftt
men, women and chll-
dren. Branch office:* In HP lei
all large cities. Con- RS7 8
aultation free. £& |w
Fidelity Rupture Cvrc,^ &* V
Rooms 4. 5 and 6, No. 26^ Kearny %L. S- ?
Ulners Demand Shorter Hours.
HOTJGHTON, Mich., Aug. 31.— Two hun-
dred miners, employed on the day shift
of the Isle Royal mine struck to-day.
They demand higher wages and shorter
hours. It Is thought the miners* demands
will b« "ranted. *""
AOVEBTISBMENTS. . .
Send Name and Address To-Day— You
Can Have It Free and Be Strong
and Vigorous for Life.
INSURES LOVE AND A HAPPY HOME.
I* Vf. KXAPP, M. D. .
How any r*«* may Quickly cure himself ftfter been extraordinary. It haa completely . braced
year* of .«««-«« from «xua! vreakne.. lort ?£.* *"
A-lUlity. nltht loBBM. varieocele. etc.. and en- ..pear sir-Tour . method worked beautifully
Urffe »mell. week organs to lull elz« and vlpor. Results were exactly what I needed. Strength
Bimply .end your ns.me end addresa to Dr. 1>. and vigor have completely returned and en-
\V, Kr.ipp, li'i Hull building. Detroit,* Mich:, largement Is entirely aatisfactory."
and be will eUdly Bend the free receipt with "Dear Blr— Tours was received and I had no
full direction* bo that any man may easily -cure trouble In making use of the receipt as directed
himself at home. Thl» is certainly a most sen- and can truthfully say it Is a boon to weak
eroua offer, and the following; extracts taken men. I am greatly Improved in size stren~tu
from hi. dally mail show wbat znen think of and vigor. 1 ' ..-...¦. .
hi. genercsity: . - " ¦. - . All correspondence Is strictly confidential
"Dear Blr— Plee.*o eceept my sincere thanks mailed In plain, sealed envelope. The receipt
for yount of recent date. I have tlven your U free for the asking and he wants every man
treatment a thcrouch test and tea benefit has to have It. .- -. i ' ¦ ¦
#
\ g i:|( that keep their7hl^h-priced look to iht very last <JbL a
-\ \\\\W$ , arc found only in the , )3sy||||[
I Ib $ODO SI $ the matchless, world- S \|
I W& vi V?m1CJ famous Shoe for Women n§ W
€ ,-v.w^ tit t> /i@Cs OTHIFM) STl I
DR. FRAftK WRAY, EXPERT TRUSS FITTER,
: Who- has ' had the largest experience in fitting' trusses and treating Ruptures of
any physician iiiithis country during thejpast twenty years in New: York. Bos-
ton and Chicago, has opened parlors for a short time at 26}4 Kearny street,
where; he is prepared to adjust his Fidelity Truss to every common or difficult
case of Rupture that has -baffled the skill, of others to retain and make comfort-
able. The doctor has in his FIDELITY TRUSS the oniy one that will hold a
Rupturn under all conditions, and does it without using torturing elastics." leg
straps or cutting 'springs: 'it is waterproof and cleanly, and permanently curea
a large percentage of cases; -This treatment is universally recommended by
j intelligent 'physicians. Dr. Wray 'fits" every truss: before, you buy: after that he
guarantees it to hold, or money refunded. Not for sale in stores. Call or write, .
¦I 1 mSM&^^^^^i \,
\ 2€l'K 5 AaNV;. STREET;- ¦ ; SAN FRANCISCO.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Mr. Phll^Dwensof So.' Omaha, writes: ."Atte r i
suffering, two years from artvagpravated ease of
Itching and protruding piles r I was cured by a
single 50 cent packege of the Pyramid Pile Cure
purchased from a local druggist." For pzle by
all druggists. Little book.' ;. "Piles. Cause3 and
Cure" mailed frte.'". Pyramid' Drug Co.;~Mar-'[
jshaU.Mich. ; . ...... ..•.-. . . '• : l.."What has my signature got to do with
it?" inquired the American, and the Eng
lishman explained that H. M. S.— "Her
Majesty's Service" — always took prece
dence over everything: else in Britain.—
New York Pres3. , ' .-.•,.,.
"It ls not always to our liking," said a
colonel of engineers, M'but then we are not
privileged to uso | your signature to tele
grams." "
Our friend Smith has a habit. of affix
ing his Initials to letters, telegrams, etc.,
where he Is well known, and this propen
sity did did not depart from him in Eng
land. It did not occur to him that the
letters H. M. S. are magical initials in the
United Kingdom until he had "stacked up
against several experiences," as he ex
pressed it. The expedition with which his
telegrams were sent caused him to fall in
love with the system of government own
ership, which he had always opposed , in
this country and one day ln the presence
of several . British acquaintances at the
Savllle Clubho mentioned his apprecia
tion of the w service. .
Her Majesty's Service.
."Not long ago I was playing in a friend
ly game at a fishing club on the lakeside,
when a man sat down behind me and
rested his foot carelessly on my chair.
Instantly luck left me, and after I had
lost five or Bix good pots In succession I
got desperate and tilted forward in the
hope of shaking the fellow off. Thereupon
he removed his foot from ' the rung i and
put it on the floor. I / glanced around
and seeing • it directly beneath | the rear
chair leg decided to take a horrible re
venge. So I settled back and came down
square on his toes, but to my amazement
he never turned a hair. He -was chatting
with : somebody at the time and I seemed
to be totally unconscious of the fact that
the' chair j leg was | resting on his ' pedal
extremity with a pressure of about 200
pounds to. the square inch.: That uncanny
episode made me so ¦ nervous I quit tha
game. Later on I learned that he had a
cork fodt. Another queer .thing," the old
clubman went on, • "is the 1 way a player
will attribute changes in luck to the most
grotesque and outlandish incidents. -
"Years ago a friend of mine, a veteran
river captain, was one of a poker party in
a hotel at Hot Springs, v He : was losing
steadily, and glanced aroound slyly to find
a • mascot. C A. gentleman , wearing : a very
long frock coat was sitting near him with
his back turned and the captain quietly
picked up one of the flowing coat-tails and
tucked the corner-under his leg. Heidid
so on the theory well known to confirmed
poker % players that : some ' outre' act I will
change the .'run of the cards.' As chance
.would have It; he immediately began to
win and was on the high 1 tide ef success
when the. other > man started' to get-up.
'Hold on!*, exclaimed the captain, clinging
like grim death to the coat-tall; 'for heav-
"A.man who plays poker can't help be
ing superstitious," declared an old club
man to a New Orleans Times-Democrat
man. "In any prolonged game such ex
traordinary streaks of good and bad luck
are certain to cccur, such strange colnci- 1
dences will take place in the 'draw,' and
so much apparent fatalism will attach
to certain cards that a 'player will look
around instinctively for some mascot or
hoodoo to hold. responsible for the phe
nomena. The commonest superstition, - 1
suppose, is that the foot of a spectator,
on the rung of one's chair brings bad
fortune. I confess I can't stand it.
"When they tried to be selfish with him
here, asking him to pay more than he
could afford to. and more than he thought
was right, he summarily closed his place
and got out.".
"Who do you mean by 'they'?" asked
the reporter.
"Why, those In authority."
"Do you mean the police?"
"It isn't healthy for me to talk."
"Can you tell me how much money your
husband was expected to pay for police
protection in New York?" was asked.
"No; I do not want to talk about that."
"Did he have to pay more than he did
In Chicago?" . - .
"Well, you' know New iTork is a larger
and richer city. It is worth' more to be ln
business ln New York than It is in Chi
cago. What is the use of being in busi
ness here, though, if when you have paid
your taxes, your rent, your grocer and
your friends of tha police '¦ force , or any
&ne else who happens to be in authority,
you have never a cent left for yourself?"
"What did you lose because of your lack
Bf support by, those in authority here?" -"
"What GIG. we lose? We were worth be-
"V hoped that his venture here would
succeed. He started the swellest gam
bling house in New York near the Wal
dorf-Astoria, but New Yorkers are not
used to his way of doing: business and It
failed. He Is square himself, and de
mands that every one else shall be.
"I Indorsed my husband's notes to the
amount of J576,3y2, and when he got Into
the tangle I had to settle. I had a beau
tiful collection of diamonds/ valued at
$260,000, and these I turned over to him to
get him out of his fix. Aside from this,
5500,000 that I had in my own name went
by the board. I loaned him the money to
help him over, but it was not enough and
was swept away.
"We failed to make a swell gambling
house pay in New York because those in
authority were selfish and asked us to
pay more than we could afford to, and
that Is the reason my husband is bank
rupt and that I have just gone through
bankruptcy." said Mrs. Eflle S. Hankins
of 218 West Forty-sixth street, the blue
eyed Invalid wife of "Gentleman George"
V. Hankins of Chicago, one of the bold
est gamblers in America.
Hankins came to New York' from Chi
cago and opened a luxurious gambling
house near the Waldorf-Astoria. He
could not agree with "the powers," and
6oon closed his place. His wife, who has
just failed for more than $500,000, told the
story of her misfortunes to a- New York
World reporter.
Clubman Tells of Some
That Are Peculiar
and Amusing.
Tale Anent Misfortunes
of "Gentleman George"
Hankins.
SUPERSTITIONS
OF POKER PLAYERS
TROUBLES BESET
BIG GAMBLERS
"Half a dozen race tracks that he was
interested in were shut up at the , same
time and Jie became strapped., He bor
rowed $550,000, but couldn't stand the
strain and everything had to go. Then
he closed in' Chicago and came here. He
failed here, as I said. Then he went back
and I came here. I had a few friends here
who were willing- to help me, sand I fitted
up a boarding-house.
"I am free from my debts, and yester
day, the, anniversary of my marriage, I
stepped out Into the world with not a red
cent, though. I have been worth $2,000,000,
all made on the racecourse and ln the
gambling business by my husband."
"It was while we were building the thir
teenth house that the authorities sudden
ly shut down hard on his gambling houses
and no amount of 'protection' would keep
it open. Then seven- big business men
failed all in a bunch. That drove his pa
per to the wall. He -was for paying every
cent. - . * -- :•'/: ,?v-
"What caused our failure in Chicago
was the building of flat houses. I had an
idea that there was money in them. So
OxU my husband. He started In to erect
twenty of them, but only got as far as the
thirteentn. .- We believed in making them
as -luxuriant and cozy as possible, and in
that we overstepped the mark.
"My husband's gambling house cost
$200,000 to fit up, and when they raided all
the houses in Chicago and seized the fur
niture his was the only one that did not
have trick tables and games. 1 The outfit
was all returned to him by the authori
ties, because; while he paid heavy sums
for protection, as all must do in all cities
if they -are to be gamblers, the stuff could
not' be proved "gambling furniture."
V'Yes; you have got to be crooked to get
on in this city. "We wanted to be straight.
A few weeks before my husband got In
volved in Chicago the Board of Real Es
tate estimated his property at $1,750,000 in
real estate. This did not include his bank
accounts. /"We had the finest house on
Michigan avenue.
tween us over $4,000,000 only a few years
ago. To-day we are not worth a cent."
"Is that the only reason you failed
here?"
A man ls a confirmed liar when nothing
he says can be confirmed.
Mirrors that one can see through, ac
cording to the Philadelphia Post; are the
last invention which is becoming the rage.
Looked at from one side they are perfect
mirrors. Looked at from the other, a per
son can see through them the same as
through a window. They are a great con
venience ln such Institutions as .a drug
store, where a prescription clerk can
stand behind one and put up a prescrip
tion unseen, and. at the same time look
through the mirror and see that the lady
or gentleman -who is waiting' for the pre
scription does not ¦ steal the drug store.
They are called "the platinized glass,'.' be
ing backed by a compound made of 95 per
cent silver arid 5 per cent platinum.-rSalt
Lake Tribune.. . -
The New Mirror.
"Out in Arkansas," continued the story
teller, "the throwing of a match stump or
a half-burned paper "cigar lighter under a
player's chair Is supposed tp be a hoodoo
of a deadly type. An ex-Judge of the Su
preme Court told I me once that no man
had ever been known to fill a bob-tailed
flush while seated over a charred match?"
'I flon't pretend to account for It, sir,' he
eaid; 'it is simply one of those mysterious
laws of nature that are I beyond human
ken.' The way to remove the hoodoo, ac
cording to experts, is to pick up the par
tially consumed fragment, burn it com
pletely and rub the ashes on the head' of
the individual who. deposited It under the
chair. This ceremony generally ! requires
an assistant to hold the other fellow, ¦ ¦¦'.-'
"Cats and dogs cut a large figure in po-'
ker superstition, • but .opinions vary so
Widely that no rule can be laid down.
Some hold, for instance, that, the appear
ance of a cat Is a sure omen of good luck,
while others believe" the ; exact reverse." I
know an irascible old physician who ¦ has
an absolute horror of the animals. One
night last spring he was playing a little
game of draw at a mountain' resort' in
Tennessee, when a portly German strolled
into the room and took a seat in .one cor
ner. Directly : afterward the doctor was
beaten twice in succession on good hands.'
The second time he lost he wheeled
around abruptly and glared at thestran^
ger. 'What is your name, sir?' he de
manded fiercely. "Katz!" replied the as
tonished German. 'I, knew it!' exclaimed
the doctor, and stalked out of the room
,. "Almost every old poker -player hUs
some pet superstition of his own that he
is generally ashamed of, and tries to ob
serve, on the sly. I used to play occasion
ally with an insurance man who would
invariably slip a ring; off. his left middle
finger and transfer it to / the other ; hand
before beginning the game. He had done
that one night years before and won some
extraordinary amount of money, an* the
incident gave birth to the ceremony. An
other old crony had a pair of ..'lucky
shoes.V and : insisted-. he> could ¦>. win in no
others. They became so shabby in time
that he kept them at' the club, and would
change just before he sat. down to play.
One evening he became disgusted with a
streak of bad luck and, swearing that the
shoes had suddenly turned into hoodoos,'
he threw, them out of . the ¦ window. They
hit' an Italian candy vender on the top of
the head, • and- instantly the : fellow began
to s howl -and talk -about- a damage suit.'
My; friend gave him a ?20 • bill as a com
promise. VWhat did; I tell you!'- he "said;
'they have already started - : on theirjmis
sion of i crime v and unless they are* de
stroyed, obliterated, ¦ wiped absolutely out
of existence, there is no telling what cat
astrophe they 'may .occasion.'. With that
he subsidized the janitor, got him to start
a fire in the furnace and reduced the fatal
footgear torashes. That- prompt and sa
gacious proceeding laid the hoodoo > for
ever.';;: :.. .:"'; „¦;.?* ¦¦:.-:. •¦?:, '¦¦ - -.-• :•;• ' .¦¦ . :
"Aa dpobt.aa canna .read it; but, man,
if aa had me fiddle here aa could, play
it."— Tid-Bits.
en's sake don't take away my mascot!'
•But, confound it,. sir!' replied the other,
when the situation was explained, 'do you
expect to me to sit here all night bo you
can keep my coat-tail under your leg?"
A bright idea struck the captain. 'I'll tell
you what I'll do," he said. 'I'll buy your
coat. -What do you want for it?' 'A hun
dred dollars,' answered the stranger. 'AH
right,' said the captain, handing over the
money, 'now slip out of it as easy as
you can.' Next morning he told me that
the deal had netted him $950 profit.
George scratched his head In a bewil
dered fashion for some minutes, then, as
if fired by a sudden inspiration, 'he. re
plied:
"Man Geordie, ye're a better schollar
nor me;, ye might just tell us what that
steyn says."
Recently two Northumbrian pitmen were
wandering among the tombstones in that
burial place when they chanced upon that
erected over the graves of the departed
Chinamen. For a while they surveyed
with puzzled countenances the strange
and mysterious characters inscribed upon
the stone. Then one of them, turning to
his "marrow," exclaimed:
When Lord Armstrong some years ago
constructed several vessels to the order
of the Chinese Government a considerable
number of Chinamen were imported Into
the ¦ neighborhood of Newcastle-Upon-
Tyne. During their brief location in that
city one or two of them died and- were
buried in the churchyard at Elswick.
Fiddling Chinese.
In France an important experiment is
about to be launched. The Government
ls about to establish"^ pension system
for the benefit of workingmen. A work
ingman's pension fund Is to be created by
taxation, or compulsory contribution, as
it is called. It is estimated that it will
attain the proportions of $2,400,000,00). The
Interest will be used ln payment of pen
sions to aged and disabled workingmen.
Pending the full development of the fund
the Government will appropriate funds to
meet the payments. The interest rate
on which the scheme is predicated is V.<x.
per cent, but -when the Interest on Gov
ernment securities falls below that figure
the Government will appropriate enough
to make up the deficiency. If the rate
falls as low as 2 per cent the Government
will be called on to pay $33,000,000 an
nually, whereas, if the rate keeps up to
3% per cent the fund will realize enough
for the payment of the pensions. It is
a gigantic -undertaking and as an experi
ment It will be watched with the greatest
interest by the people of all other lands. —
Idaho Statesman.
Pensions for Workingmen.
The agreement entered Into by the
American Publishers' Association to stop
the practice of cutting the prices of b'ooks
recalls one of Mark Twain's • narratives
on the subject. As near as we can tell the
tale from memory the humorist went into
a bookstore and asked the price of a
book. 'The ' clerk furnished him ' the de
sired information, whereupon Twain - in
quired if there -was any discount allowed
to publishers. This. cut the price down 50
per cent. Then the clerk was asked If
.there . was anything: allowed off' for
authors., "-The authors' discount was 50 per
cent off likewise.' The humorist finally
vouchsafed the information that he was
a particular friend of the proprietor of
the establishment, and this secured him
a reduction of. 25 per cent. Twain took
the book and asked how much the dam
age was. "As near as I can calculate,"
replied. the clerk, "we owe you the book
and about 37% cents. Call again." — Bos
ton Herald. - - . --. . ... ,
Cutting Prices.
The Imeretinskys are a branch of the
princely family of- the Bagratian, which
claims that it can trace its ancestry up
to the great Jewish ruler. Among others
the ' Byzantine Emperor, Constantin Por
phyrogeneta, in his annals, has refcognized
the claim. of this family to a Davidic de
scent.. It Is noteworthy that the book
which in Russia occupies the position held
by the 'Almanach de Gotha' In Central
Europe, namely, the 'Annuaire de la Nob
lesse de Russie contenant les Princes de
l'Empire,* and printed by the Imperial
Publication house In St. Petersburg, gives
a most complete account of the Jewish
origin and descent of the princes of the
houses of Bagratian and Imeretlnsky, and
emphasizes tke fact that not a single sov
ereign dynasty ln Europe can trace its
line. farther back than they. It is a fact
that in the genealogy of this family the
name of David often occurs, David I hav
ing died in 881. The ' members of this
family in the 'Annuaire' acknowledge that
originally they were of Jewish origin, but
that generations ago the persecutions of
the times had compelled their ancestors
to embrace the Christian religion. Ic is
further known that members of this
princely family as early as the fifteenth
century were monks."
It is conceivable that the "Zionist move
ment would receive much strength,
through added enthusiasm, if a prince of
the house of David should appear at the
right moment and identify himself with'
it. The history of Israel centers around
that royal house, and the forecasts for
the future give prominence to the role
still reserved for Its descendants.— Pioneer
Press.
At .< a time when Zionism is one of the
great topics of the time, it is not without
Interest to learn that among , the 'Jews
there are families who claim to be the
lineal descendants of King David, and
whose claims appear to be tolerably well
substantiated." One of these is a Russian
family,, recently brought to public notice
by the death of one of its members,
Prince Alexander Konstantlnowitz Imere
tinsky, the late Governor General of War
saw. Concerning this family the follow
ing particulars are given by a' German
journal:. .
Descendants of David.
¦¦ American capitalists are endeavoring to
bring about a deal by ?whlch"*they will
secure entire, control of the district rail
way; system of this city and suburban
towns, which is now being rapidly trans
formed into an electric system. Cecil
Rhodes is the chief shareholder, accord
ing to common belief ' and Chandos Stan
hope, a brother of the Earl of Chester
field, is president of the company.- Charles
Clegg, an Englishman and formerly man
ager of the Interoceanic Railway, Is gen
eral superintendent.
MEXICO ¦;; CITY, Aug. 51.— Waldemar
Prummer, formerly manager of a railway
owned by, British capital " In Argentina,
will arrive her*, in : about a month to as
sume the general managership, of the
Mexican and Vera Cruz Railroad, j He
comes .with remarkably full power, sucb
as has- never been granted before to any
manager of that road. George Foote, the
present general manager, will retire and
take up the duties of resident engineer.
" ; MrrMarkhill of England will shortly
arrive to take a position as assistant gen
eral manager of the Interoceanic Rail
way, also an English owned corporation.
There Is a rumor current in. railroad cir
cles that the ¦ Mexican road has bought
the controlling interest in the Interoce
anic and that the two roads will be
merged.-.' •• . > ¦-
August 17, 1443,. in Catholic Beam, Gas
ton'XI, husband of Eleanore of-Aragon,
in. his Rubrique de Blasphemateurs, pre
scribed but 20 sols Morlaas, or a day in
the pillcry, as an adequate punishment
for him who should deny < or blaspheme
in a public place God or the Blessed Vir
gin, or, commit perjury; and merely 6 sols
to be paid by. each of those who heard
such blasphemy : without denouncing it
f orthv/ith. ,To give this enactment greater
force, it was wont to be published with
the sound of trumpets each year, on Mid
summer day ' and at All Saints, in every
village throughout Beam. Its preamble
is as follows: "Whereas, Complaints have
lately been made to the Prince and his
high court concerning • wicked blasphem
ers and deniers of God, of the glorious
Virgin Mary his mother, and of the saints
of paradise, as well as touching the vain
oaths and perjuries made in his name, by
reason of which said plasphemies we must
presume, according to Ho^y Scripture,
that persecutions and tribulations partly
come for the affliction - of human nature
In this world; now, the Prince and court,
being of opinion that, in accordance with
the disposition of divine and human law,
Almighty God ought to be praised and
honored by_ his reasonable creatures and
not blasphemed; and. inasmuch -as our
laws have imposed punishment upon such
blasphemers, now," etc.- In and after
1552, whether owing to the odium theo
logicum then beginning to run Its course
in Beam, or by reason of some other con
temporary social agency, blasphemers
who offended twice had their tongues
pierced, were flogged the third time and
on the fourth occasion punished with
death. 'As 1 an { example of ¦ the growing
severity in; December, 1546, a . heretic
named Charretier was whipped round
Bayonne and had his tongue pierced with
a hot iron, after being compelled to listen
to a sermon in^the cathedral in his shirt,
bareheaded, with a rope round his neck,
a fagot on his shoulders and a lighted
tirch in his hand.— Gentleman's Magazine.
Punishment for { Blasphemy.
, evening, when Miss Mary" Hen
derson was found murdered at the home
of her brother-in-law, Chapman . Hyatt,
and the negro hired man, Bossie Francis,
the; supposed murderer, missing, has not
been successful. ; After fruitless beating
of the bush, ransacking of- negro cabins
and search of .coal mines .the hundreds of
volunteers yesterday were ready to give
up, and' even the bloodhounds refused to
follow new trails. Last night, however,
fresh interest was aroused by the dis
covery of a negro skulking in the woods
near Strasburg. A party of men set out
in pursuit, but the negro vanished mys
teriously. ; :a ;-i •':¦¦¦
KANSAS CITY. Mo., Aug. 31.— The
. man-hunt .that has been' in pro
gress in Johnson and Cass coun
ties, Missouri, since Tuesday
"When I reached home I took two head
ache powders and -went to bed -with a
vinaigrette in my hand, a cold compress
on my head and a hot water bottle at my
feet. I was truly a pathetic object. It
took me a whole day to recuperate. That's
what that delightful entertainment, a tea.
means to me," said the nervous woman,
"and It's all because the majority of hos
tesses seem to think that In order to give
their guests a warm welcome they must
turn all the heat ln the house into the
drawing and dining rooms, even In this
spring weather, and keep the windows
shut as tight as wax."— Baltimore News.
CrusMng a "Masher."
No public nuisance is more common
than the man who ogles every woman on
the street. One of these individuals was
riding on a street car - the other day,
when he saw a young woman in the seat
beside him trying to button a tight glove.
She was having « hard time at the task.
The nuisance thought to himself, as
usual, that his fair neighbor must have
taken notice of him, although she had
given no sign of it. So addressing her of
the glove, he said:
"Let me help i you to button It; I am
very good at that sort of thing."
The young woman looked Mr. Nuisance
over, hesitated a moment, and then ex
tended her hand. The Nuisance, after
some tugging, succeeded In fastening the
refractory glove. The hand was with
drawn. Then It slipped Itself into a small
purse, took out a dime, and was extended
ajsaln.
"Oh, no!" exclaimed the Nuisance as
tounded. "I didn't do It for pay."
The hand went back into the purse, and
this time it came out with a silver quarter
of a dollar.
"I am sure that will be enough," said
the young woman, as she forced the coin
into his hand and made a hurried exit
from the car. — New York Time •.
A, "Warm Entertainment.
"Don't talk to me about afternoon teas,"
said the nervous woman. "I went to one
yesterday. It was a. lovely tea; every one
there -said so in voices keyed to a high
pitch with excitement. The rooms were
elaborately decorated with narcissus and
other 'smelly' flowers, and were just as
close and warm as though doors, -windows
and ventilators had never been invented.
The punch, ices and salted nuts were de
licious and I ate and drank with the rest.
Then I went away feeling as if I had been
in the hot room of a Turkish bath — a
noisy, beehivish, sickenly sweet Turkish
bath. :r? : -.:y: ¦¦-.-. '.•¦,¦••••
A special to the Star from Strasburg
"There are dozens of men in Johnson.
County who believe that Francis was paid
to murder Miss Henderson by white per
sons who wanted to get her out of the
way. So convinced are many members
of the posse that Francis has escaped by
the aid of white persons that they refuse
to- take further part in the efforts to catch
the murderer. If he is caught he will not
be burned at once, but will be tortured
for the purpose of making him tell what
he knows about reports that white per
sons desired Miss Henderson to be got
out of the way."
Paid to Commit Murder.
The killing of Miss Mary Henderson at
Columbus, Mo., took a sensational turn
to-day, and It was hinted broadly that the
murderer had made good his escape by
the aid of white persons.
To-night all" the towns along the. Mis
souri Pacific were intensely . axclted -by a
report that Francis had been captured
near Pleasant Hill: that the law officers
were bent on taking him to Warrensburg
jail, but that the hunters would carry
him to the Hyatt farm and hang or burn
him there-
Pursued by a Posse.
A , negro answering the description of
Francis was pursued to-night by a posse
in the neighborhood of the Star School,
between Pleasant Hill and Strasburg.
So sure were the hunters of getting their
man that one went to Pleasant Hill with
the Information that the negro was in
sight and would be taken In a few min
utes. From this grew the rumor that
Francis was actually a prisoner. Later It
was learned that the fueitlve escaped.
Rain is falling, the night is dark and the
chase is at a standstill aeain.
Important Changes in Oprpo
• rations in Sister .
Republic.
Mexicans Receive Offers
I From Railroad" M&g-
It Is Asserted That the Negro Bossie Francis Was Paid
to Commit the Crime by Whites Who
Ai^aH in Hk F^rane
1UCU nin'o * "
MAY UTILIZE
AMERICAN COIN
PURSUERS FAIL TO CAPTURE
MARY ENDERSON'S MURDERER
tTHE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 1, 1901.
A Washington correspondent, reporting
the last meeting of the Daughters of the
American Revolution, uses these phrases
In various connections: "A harassed and
excited body of .women," "the proceedings
ranriot," "a vast amount of vital energy
was expended," "excited and acrimonious
debate," "exasperated the presiding offi
cer almost to tears," "acrimonious and
disorderly discussion," "a storm of In
dignant feminine screams and hisses,"
"the presiding officer chewed gum or
candy constantly," "a sharp retort was
lost in the uproar of the convention,"
"the bitterest personalities were indulged
in," "the greatest general disorder pre
vailed,"' "one ' delegate cried in a shrill
voice to another, 'Oh, shut up; you are
talking all the time.' " And yet there Is
not a doubt in any one's mind but that
lovely woman Is lovely «=till. "Soft bland
ishment" was only t .ng a holiday.
Women in Conference.
A new rule of considerable importance
has lately been made by -the Navy De
partment whereby graduates of the Naval
Academy selected for • appointment in the
construction corps will receive a finishing
course of study at the Massachusetts In
stitute of Technology, instead of being
sent to the schools of naval architecture
at Glasgow or Paris. These institutions
have declined to take any more gradu
ates of the American Naval Academy, but
It is now believed their education can be
finished Just as well at home. Those
selected are honor men . of the academy
who graduate highest, and an appoint
ment to the construction corps Is a dis
tinction very similar to that conferred
upon a West Pointer who, on graduating,
is assigned to the corps of engineers. In
each case the honor has been fairly
earned. Under the new system the high
standard will be fully maintained, and no
man who Is not entirely competent for
the duties to be performed will receive a
commission in the naval construction
corps. — Buffalo Commercial.
Uaval Architects.
To two-thirds of the Senators the annual
salary of $3000 is a consideration not to be
despised. There are few perquisites to eVe
out this comparatively meager compensa
tion—none, in fact, worth mentioning. The
Government provides one or two clerks to
attend to the Senator's correspondence,
which is always heavy; It allows a mini
mum of free s-tationery, and It returns
some of his traveling expenses.
There is opportunity, of pourse, to make
money through speculation, and some Sen
ators avail themselves of it. One Senator
who was a large holder, of Washington
real estate, increased its value very ma
terially by steering legislation for street
improvements in its direction, while every
manipulation of tariff schedules and of
internal revenue taxation, affecting steel
and iron, tobacco, whisky and sugar, re
veals the close connection between the
Senate of the United States and Wai}
street. But this acquisitiveness, to call It
by no harsher name, is, after all. confined
to the few Senators who are noted for
their commercial instincts. The majority
of Senators do not speculate. They con
tent themselves with their modest salary,
and how they manage to live upon it Is a
daily wonder. The time doesn't seem far
distant when the Senate of the United
States will be composed In large degree
of rich men, simply because a poor man
cannot afford to accept the position.
It is to the credit of the Senate that
wealth Is not yet the standard by which
its members Judge each other. A man can
not rise to eminence in the Senate by
wealth alone. Herein it seems Is much
basis for felicitation. Until this condition
changes the Senate will continue to be
what It is to-day— the greatest legislative
body In the world.— The Forum.
United States Senators.
¦Don't -lose "any \ sleep on account .. of
slander; it will rub off when It gets dry.Y;:
An old bachelor says the average wom
an exaggerates except when she's talking:
about her own age. . ,-¦
16
FREE ANOTHER WEEK!
Drs. Shores, the Catarrh and Chronic Disease Experts,
Give Their Services Free This Week.
. In order to demonstrate to the sick and afflicted the value of correct diagnosis in the cure of Deafness, Catarrh
and all forms of Nervous and Complicated Chronic Diseases, Drs. Shores have arranged to examine absolutely free of
charge all who apply before September 8. Drs. Shores will tell you, FREE, what the disease is from which you suffer .
the "CAUSE" of your ailment and /'WHETHER" or not you can be CURED. - ¦ •
This grand special offer goes into effect>AT ONCE and holds good every day this week uo to SATURDAY
NIGHT AT. 8 O'CLOCK, SEPTEMBER 7,^0 all who apply. Difficult and obscure cases especially invited. Ap-
' ply any day thi& week.
Jgpp fS §pfc AT DRS SHORES' EXPENSE
¦¦7 ¦¦¦¦¦< -vi\V%: -•: v.\ -^ yjT ¦ A I. . CINES." who have no correct or definite Idea of WHAT THEIR AIUIFvr r v 4T I T N
' VV V^Ste£i I ' or the CA . USE of thelr sl c k ness. It ls to this class of sufferfra tnat^Pshor^W« J el-
VJd ' Jwfm%\ pert exa mlnatlon will Drove ot INESTIMABLE BENEFIT
r sM'm*$$a$'> r^ } l r U ,, are a " D < 2 ubtl , nsr Thomas" as to Drs. Shores' skill: If you are deaf- If you hav,
•'¦•¦¦.• I ' d/MI&DF'$*r Catarrh; if you suffer, from any Chronic Disease and are in DOUBT as to" the CAU3K
•¦¦-V •¦ • . -JxP^^T ¦*7- of your ailment. -Drs. Shores especially Invite you to come This frei ??tJ£ mmlnatlnn
\ V / »s made to DEMONSTRATE clearly to the afflicted that DRS SHORES ARF "INTACT"
1- -A --SJ v / WHAT THEY ARE IN NAME. SAN FRANCISCO'S LEADINO SPECIALIST*! IV THE
' jJ X — *js&*y i rtHiA 1 isai^iN JL \Jr Ucj Ar viCjQo, L.AlArt±vxl AND ALL FORMS OP "VPR-VOT'^l A"VTO
'¦,;>. '-¦•'' -'¦-. -- ¦'£[ . X'- "~?*SS<f» complicated chronic diseases. DRS. SHORES* VOLUNTARY* TEsnMnvtAr«i ri'rH
JJk X *^&y\ WEEK POINT THE WAT. If you apply this week Drs Shores wSl teU vo\, rr^ what your
V >^ k ailment ls and if you can be cured. DO NOT DELAY. COME m DAY TTTT9 T W?FTC
: Bl After y° u have had your case diagnosed, free, if you want tVbe cured Drs Shcfe? price*
itl HL fiS'tol ¦ "" »5 a month for all catarrhal chronic di S ?a«"
SPECIALTIES. Write if Yon LiieAwaj From the City. '
SAMUEL B. REED. . :| CATARRH-Deafne,,. Nose anoV Throat
: 292S Otis Street, Berkeley. Cal. . Troubles. Eye and Ear Diseases. Bronchial Ins away from the cUy. "i^ *yol Ire a ' £t-
nFAPN^S and Lung Trouble,, Asthma. Stomach. LlVer |fi C ffi?, H C
.-UCiAriNCSO. § and Kidney Diseases. Bladder Troubles. Female ESV^Tv DISEASE *nd want to know
.Read the" iestimony of Samuel B. Reed, the Complaints. Diseases of Women and Children. CAUSE and WHBTHEr'oII W YOU
well-known bookkeeper. ¦'. Mn, Reed says: Heart Disease. Nervous Diseases. Chorea , (or CA* BE CURED, WRITE, If'you cannot
¦. I HAVE BEEN; TOTALLY"; DEAF in my St. Vltus' Dance). Rickets, ' Spinal Trouble. , ym - t r " °";. s ho ™?! new question list and
leffear for ! two and one-half years.' and my Ovarian Diseases. Sciatica' and Rheumatism.' JJ2S Beaton's an W ~tn^ & answ iT ed
hearir-gin the other ear was also affected/ I Diseases of '¦ the Bowels Piles. Fistula' and Bhorei"?" , tS PKEE E "x^IVVTIoW 1^
HAVE ALWAYS HAD CATARRH ln my head; Rectal Troubles. ¦ Lost Manhood^ Private Dis- return mall you will receive a complete dlag-
ray nose would run.S and I would. HAWK and eases. Goiter (or Big Neck). Blood Diseases, "J^Vo-H"" a»ment. Drs. Shores will tell
SPIT a .great deal, especially in the morning.: Tapeworm. Hay Fever. Hysteria,- Epilepsy. In- and WIIETHER vL & c d 1^? Y you 8Uffer «
This was. my condition when I came to'Drs. somnla, etc., - > and EXACTLY WHIT it »ni » Or n0 . t "
Shores & Shores JUST ONE MONTH AGO.' I WE TREAT CATARRH ASD ALL be CURED. THIS EXPER^ ' F\\Sli\ 4
can ,v- say d. Drs. Shores' treatment helped me FORMS OF NERVOUS AXD CHRONIC Ti 0 .* -"ABSOLUTELY T FREE TO
FROM THE START; MY HEARING BEGAN DISEASES. • WHPTTIPP vftn P mi\r THIS ' WEEK,
TO ! IMPROVE FROM .THE .- FIRST. I » CAN if you apply any day this week you can con- I MEAT OR NOT TAKE THE TREAT-
NOW HEAR; MY .WATCH TICK FROM THE suit Drs. Shores free. ,-., WRITE TO-D\T tr „ .» „
DEAF EAR, AND ' AM GETTING BETTEK ' ¦ ¦ .- ¦ . *»« you can t call.
ALL; THE TIME. ' - .-•,,-'¦:¦ - •'. . . ....>¦• • ' :_ ' "'' ;. . ¦;;', . .....-'. ~ ~~
DRS. SHORES' TREATMENT TO ALLSUF^ BTV III O ; O IJ /\ H> t O O C* EJ f\ Ffc i~T>
FERERS FROM CATARRH AXD DEAF- SBIt^ Nlil ill T N C%/ \± H fl I Vi ft" C • •• M.
SoSe^wS^de^^r Se eatment has LrB^ <:3# v 1 ¦ V. 1 * M 3 9* onuivllO, Specialists.
¦r Any one doubting this, testimonial Is at per- . ' ¦ ' '
feet liberty to call on .me: and I will gladly Permanently HISTORY Rl III DIMf^ 7*)^ MADI/rT Ct oj »-.
verify_the truthfulness 'of! the same. ¦•»* >*•"¦./ Located In "lOj UI\ I DUILUlrMUj / IYIAKKl I ST. 2d Floor, San
¦,j<Signea)vt • SAMUEL .B. REED, ' '•'- • .Francisco, Cal.
,2923 -.Otis Street, Berkeley. Cal. Office Hours— Week' Days, 9 a. m."to'4 p. in. Evenings. 6 to 8. SundaT« m' ' '
.'•¦{.¦'•';¦. ( ,-. "' ¦ .. ¦ , ¦'. .:. ¦¦. ' . .., ;.. ¦¦. .... v"' 1 ¦ -¦..«. ¦ : '',•;• "" '?**?• 10 a. m, to 12 noon. •¦
E A PHENOMENAL PURCHASE OF j|
| SILK WAISTS AND SILK PETTICOATS. |
£ A Bargain Event of Great Note I Offers That Surprise and Please Ig 3 1
I $3.75 for $7,50 Waists. $6.50 for $10150 Petticoats, |
*£T Tliere have been many sales of Waists and Petticoats of more or less magnitude, but to-morrow starts THE ~2
K? GREATEST of them all. In no way can we exaggerate the importance of this sale, for never before have wo present-;^
¦J" ed a sale that in any particular could approach THIS ONE as to value and style. We succeeded in closing out from -^J
5= the biggest New York Waist manufacturer 600 of this season's handsome and most" effective looking garments, - AT , :S
*T~ JUST ONE-HALF THE FORMER SELLING PRICE. The entire lot will be ready for you to-morrow morning, and -^
g— you may come prepared to expect the grandest bargains of th© entire year. ' :-¦!;-•
I Silk Waists khlh Black Silt Petticoats If* 5(1 1
St= This season's Silk Waists, made of %£ B I %3 These Petticoats will create Quite fftP IjMWh lUll "<
*T" the most reliable wearing Taffeta -^^ TB[ a stir, because every one is worth ' m H " '"' " '•" ' : ' "¦ ' '" "^
m~ and Duchesse Satin, finished with the M ffl r nn U $10.50. A strong and durable rustling M llCnnh
gT latest hemstitched yoke effects and ILJa rHl. Taffeta has been used for them IsLm rflnir"^
S= tucked bishop sleeves-a perfect fit- LUUll .-laneta f nes Deen usea xor tnern, UtlUII
mm " ting garment in all the most fash- '" ' ' made with a very deep graduated . . .•• ¦¦-< ¦¦ —^S
fc lonable colorings and black; all sizes; Eegid»r Value $7.60 flounce, with extra heavy silk dust B«g*l*r V*ln« $10. 60 ~-m
the former retail price was $7.50 each; * ' ruffles, daintily -trimmed on the .bot- • ¦¦ / :¦.•"*
SS^ on sale commencing to-morrow at the unprecedented low torn with full ruche, full length and width; special prica -*^g
price of S3. 75 each. J beginning to-morrow 80.50 each
| A GREAT BLACK T~rr~r. W$M SALE I
TA m A Mo B £ G v AIN High-Class Foulard Silk Sale ™™ IHE 1
H and Tuesday For Mii) - „ y- Regular Value 85C YARU.
GBa Su r l! 9 nP rit and Tuesda y * 3C f "• 5 1 - 25 and Yd. rZvs: :z£l*t^ 1
f This Ttem alonA will hrinr \ To-morrow an opportunity for bujing the finest Foulards of the much favored silk, the |1
•^ 'many ewr^r buvtrT for thl ( season at a great B£ « rifl c e - A11 dress lengrths of 11 to 15 yards, no quality, at 85o yard- in tH
Tl ifS£Wdlr£iv Evew J matter the loss, will be closed out to-morrow. These are all THIS shades of light blue Dint-
2t= i=^ /« fV^I^tl^K' h-»^ ( SEASON'S FINEST SILKS, ln SATIN LIBERTY and FINE old rose rS TarB -4
££? SlflSrtS! o?a in! ) TWILLED FOULARDS, fully 24 Inches wide. In the choicest de- new bhTe com t^n lavender' =3
fc SSS^. lk ftS3^fer 'itontoy ( f^ and th w C ??? n £i™ r * H 25 and U 50 75C «"*• crekmTnd^ia'ckTfuny 5
**- and Tuesday only QQ/, ) for to-morrow and Tuesday only Yard I WV 23 lnche9 wldei'OR^, S3
jfc: Yard OUv *~~ — «--^-^— > —^ — w^> — >- —^^-> —^ — «-— w^^w^b^^---w^— s«^-n — . — w*-v epeclal price.. .Yard (JOw ~*n
1 New Fall Dress Goods on Special Sale. 1
fc: The fall E«llinr season will start In our Dress Goods Department to-morrow, with the most notable assembly of values ever —«»
•*- adrertised at this time of the year. A collection of BLACK and COLORED DRESS GOODS that surpasses any previous lmpor-: r^g
gp- taticn— at special prices this week, ;. : ';¦«'., / . ' -g
E High=Class Broadcloth and Venetian. All=Wool Chalk=Line Suitings. 3
£ $2.00 Quality djg V-»«^l <£l AA "VX*+A Regular Value
E To-Morrow 3>l. 33 Yard* . vDi.uu Yard. si.5o Yard. 3
y Eng-ltsh Broadcloth and Venetian, B2 Inches wide, an extra One of the most popular fabrics for this fall for complete — —
m— fine quality of a satin finish— one of the finest fabrics Imported. suits or skirts. All-Wool Chalk- Line Striped Suitings, ln a -^g
JJT" warranted fast black London dye— you will want this for a camel's hair effect ln the new ehades of green, brown, navy, — «»
Sin stylish skirt or tailor gown; Bells regularly at $2 yard; C1-35 gray, cadet, castor and black; extraordinary value at CI.OO c()a
•»- special Yard tp * .YardtJ>l -«-•
fc- English Black Cheviot §£ 79c fe, Satin Prunella $5^00 a Suit. |
22? Thls ls a eraftd leader for Monday and Tuesday. Extra heavy The correct material and latest idea of the French manu-
m~— Black Cheviot. 52 inches wide; a magnificent quality; guaranteed facturer; an elegant cloth for a swell suit satin finish, all wool: — 3t
•T" to give splendid satisfaction; already sponged and shrunk; can- . „,,_,,,_ ., _.„ _-^.^ n i „„ » t, ' ' ¦ -^
St: not be duplicated under $125 a yard. On sale to- 7Q r In shades of rose, cardinal, castor, brown, gray, new (gp-oo IS
am- morrow and Tuesday Yard t £/w blue, cadet, reseda and navy; great leader..;. ...Suit tptJ— — -^
»- black, cream and "¦™*'"^ and sizes; fitted and =32
colors; each piece 10 1 . . ;. ! guaranteed; a great US
SI toey U la S t'a e t S: on"half , COUNTRY ORDERS RECEIVE PROMPT ATTENTION. tomorrow^heVsl 2
S^ their original value. • — . glove $1.15 pair
% A Big Sale of Sheets, Pillow Cases and Bedspreads. %
•^ To-morrow morning we begin a very special 6ale of SHEETS, PILLOW CASES and WHITE SPREADS. The entire accumu- *"S
lated stock of a big New England manufacturer that we secured 'at an immense reduction. The qualities are unqueatloned • of a • T^S
g— ctandard make; finished in the most careful and conscientious manner. •.; .-¦-.. - ¦-: ¦ , - ~^» j
Hemmed Sheets Henstitched T200 doz. 45x36 Pillow Cases, hemined....; 10c Each ImmonCO Uarcolllae fliillt VqIhaa
54xS0-39c each. Sheets ™ doz - 45x36 PHlow Cases, hemstitched 10c Each ¦IHUIbIiob maiOCillCd yiilll VdlUcSi -+•
ZZ 63x«ft-42c each 5°c 'each 125 doz. 50x36 Pillow Cases, hemstitched 21c Each For double beds, in the hand-
-^^o in- Mrh ' p;«. ... h . ¦ Bomest designs, ready for use. -^
T~ IZ^Z «"„ «^k BEDSPREADS Large Eize Honey Comb Spreads; 12 50 Quilts for.... .81.O5 Each =35
§= St^ S:'.:::'.::::'.:Sc S2 ssc each. gss^,. oe .*S5 $l-i I! % SS S : .::::;::::|il| as 3 \
New Fflll SPECIAL SALE OF <ii»rrrfi^<» «ial^ 3
% 1>ie w ran new wrapper flannels. acnT| ce sale |
1 <& Suits J™!<™ m !^vard. u CoftonWaists |
Sm— sP\. ¦ flannel department. Handsome and new jBjL~^ «a t\n «i sn j "^
•»- rJt\ /N d P» wrapper flannels In figures, stripes, scrolls Cr^»K *JtUU, 9Z.3U and — •
SZ FS\ \ A*- 1 C^' C><<«- an(^ Persian effects, in all the new Fall JV \\ Im CO tin VValttc "^S
r»- I \ "*¦ \J9uZ9 3UIt colorings. Commencing Monday.. |Ol/> /Th^iJaA- •»¦*•"" waiSIS ¦: .-.-•'-^3S
•t: \*^Al vj^«v-i' • Tard 1-42W -^g
\h\ A great gathering to- , !$£<*)* r< U.' *\C Fflrh 3
mZ I h?\ morrow of New Fall *ljnTUCD I APC CAI C IC 2 ft VII vfcSS3fcttS3w sj \J\, LUWI SS
g: j tr \ funs, the latest fash- ANUIntn LAut oALt, I03C Tu, /^w^ML rs
JEI I \ i on f- mos^ correct ef- ' jf^l^^^^k This is THE bargain =3?
SZ I \ J^flf ', J" el !?" al \ ? nd t^/H^t^ j^* 5 ? 1^?^ i\\m« opportunity of the en- -35
T~. I \ F .1 £1 ' i? 7 s or ' 5^>^K?i»?^^^&< We created m \%/xyv*V>*>U tlre season in Wash Es
ZZ \ lo1 ? y ms l\ di P fron i Quite a run en \ft ly^VftRjl AValsts - We must clear ZS
•** I y n double-breasted i5^^S%QNt*^^S^| these Pretty VLTyMi them, no matter what -3
t= / V\ r : iori Ppcts; tight-fit- f^SaS^SS^^IS^ Lac« last Mon- we sacrifice to do it.
ZZ= / i\ tln^ irts wI i h K^adu- i^^CS^K^i^^e day. T o-m o r- vM^miiy All this season's finest
»- I \\ sted flare and flounce: **V ¦* Tr iwfC t y ' °**J> row we offer ; "U'aists of madras and "~^
SK^ fi 1* ffTt'l Hilic lined Jackets in % the second ship- / >2\ zephyr ginghams, also
•»- / V rJt A V&\ rotors ot Tan, Brown, ment. far prettier than the first.- A nice /; •• I . white lawn Waists* ~5>
¦»— ( / J ; fj '-*>V\ Red> a^*y and Black, variety of All-silk Black Galoons ln I • \ were $3 $2 50 $2. Cut — 9.
Hr~ mt <^JL ' ' \\\ On special 4£ | PZ-OO very effective patterns. While 1 O3 p I f to .'.......',QR ff =8
g£= ¦ -TH—f ™^---Sntt tj>»t» they last ....Tard. ID3W ' • Kach *J OC -^g"WASHINGTON', Aug. 3L— Assistant
Pc-cretary ganger returned to Washing
ton to-day and is acting Secretary of
tt'ar. Colonel Sanger had gone away on
liis vacation, but as soon as he learned
Secretary Root had left Washington he
returned. Colonel Sanger says his infor
mation as to the Secretary's illness is not
t'-rious.
Boot's Illness Is Not Serious.
ICEW YORK. Aug. SL— Two more vic
tims of the fire in the tenement houses In
Brooklyn last night. In which four persons
topt their lives and seven were seriously
injured, died to-day, bringing: the number
of dead up to six. Minnie Beck and Jo
seph Beck died at the hospital to-day of
their injuries and their mother. Mrs. An
nie Beck, who was badly injured, it is said
cannot recover. The list of dead now is:
Mrs. Rothpieser. S3 years old; Annie Beck,
II years; Llllie Beck. 3 years: Minnie Beck,
'< years; Joseph Beck, two months; Frank
Hudd, infant.
the Death, of Two More-
Children.
Tire in the Tenement House Causes
SIX NAMES ON LIST
OF BBOOKLYN VTCTTJIS
The long heralded experiments or an
electric motor on standard gauee roads
bogin next week between Berlin and Hos
«*<?n. Twentv miles of the road are ready
tow. The remainder will be completed In
October. -': -
The papers take an amused view' of
Prince Chung waiting at the frontier for
the settlement of the question as to the
number of bows he must make before the
Emperor. It Is generally expected now
that Prince Chung will stay a long while
at Basle. The Lokal Anzeiger's Basle
correspondent discovered that Prince
Chungs immense trunks were removed
only yesterday from the baggage car to
the hotel. Four enormous trunks covered
with yellow silk attracted attention. The
special car placed at Prince Chung's dis
posal is the car used by Count von Bulow
and the Crown Prince.
The Kreuz Zeitung regards It as but
natural that the better classes in South
American states should long for the
Vnited Btates to take hold, introduce
order and suppress anarchy. It admits
that this would be a great advantage to
those countries, "but it would make the
Vnited States' economic position impreg
nable and Europe would be practically
ruined."
Predicts Huin for Europe.
The South American trouble is not much
discussed, but when it Is commented on
it is in a sense unfavorable to the United
Slates, which is represented as playing the
role cf a general plotter in South America.
The Cologne Zeitung charges the Wash
ington Government with duplicity in pre
tending not to have a clear view of the
situation and assumes the administration
is intriguing everywhere.
The Chamber of Commerce and scien
tific bodies continue to pa=s resolutions
against the tariff bill.. The Berlin Cham
ber has issued a long resolution against
it. The manufacturers in the vicinity ot
Eayreuth have resolved to make a united
demonstration against the tariff bill. The
Luedensche Chamber has appealed to
Herr Moehler, the Minister of Commerce,
against the tariff bill as being a. desertion
of the commercial treaty policy. The
Kreuz Zeitung, Conservative, continues
arguing for a reciprocity arrangement
with the United States. It says:
"Germany would place herself In an Im
possible position by making- commercial
treaties with other countries and giving
them reductions from the general tariff
while refusing the same reductions to the
Vnited States, because the United States
would probably answer any differential
treatment of her products with the sharp-
BEt retaliatory measures. Germany should
avoid treating- American goods differen
tially and more unfavorably than any
othe'r countries and avoid a tariff war.
Kffective measures against the American
danger are only possible when several of
the great European States become cctn
*¦' ious of the common danger. Until then
interests lie in peaceful com
mercial treaties with the United States."
Objections to Tariff Bill.
Herr Herold. a member of the Reichstag,
in favor of fixing- minimal grain duties,
end a resolution to that effect was accord
ingly passed. The Post, Conservative,
concludes that this assures the adoption
of the minimal system by the Reichstag.
The letter Is generally interpreted as a
reflection upon the Emperor, who tooK
too active an interest in the selections
mentioned. The Germanla, a Catholic
organ of Berlin, hails the letter as con
lirming its own criticisms of the Prussian
Government In the selection of bishops,
and the Tageblatt (Independent Liberal)
comments on the letter aggressively, ask
ing whether th£ letter shall usher in a
new Kulturkampf. The National Zeitung
(National Liberal) contests the view that
the Government has only the veto right
in the selection of bishops, especially in
the Reichsland. and claims that the ap
pointments at Metz and Strasburg were
made by the Pope, upen the Emperor s
wish, showing that the Pontiff recognizes
"his Majesty's rights in the matter.
The week was marked by an active dis
cussion of the tariff. The most significant
thing is the growing feud between the
y>ntral Verbund and. the Husbandlsts,
jtvho now begin to hurl epithets at each
c:her. The Husbandisfs correspondent
describes the Central Verbund's recent
declaration against a minimum tariff on
grain as a disgraceful betrayal of agri
culture, adding, "The Central Verbund's
action is premeditated treason toward ag
riculture." The Berlin Neueste Nachrich
ten. Conservative, which is friendly to the
Central Verbund, says, "This silly effu
sion does not deserve a reply.' The
Tageblatt hails the quarrel as meaning' a
dissolution of the alliance between the
agrarians and the manufacturers. "
One of the leading features of the meet
ing of the Catholic Diet was a speech by
The Cologne Zeitung admits that the
appointments give much dissatisfaction in
the Reichsland. In connection with the
sipointments a letter of Cardinal Ram
polla, the Papal Secretary of State, has
been published and widely commented on.
The letter is addressed to the Prussian
Catholic Chapters, defining the rights of
the Papal See and the German Govern
ment in the selection of bishops, the latter
having merely the right to vote ana not
to make positive proposals.
Reflections on the Emperor.
Another Catholic matter occupying at
tention Is the final settlement of the
bishoprics In the Relchsland, by the ap
pointment of the Abbot of Maria-laach,
Dr. Bender, as Bishop of Metz and Dr.
Zorn von Bulach as Consecratory Bishop
of Strasburg-.
BERLIN', Aug. 3L— The annual Catholic
Diet at Osnabruck this week attracted
ttnusual attention and newspaper discus
sion. The attendance was very large and
the enthusiasm was great, although the
speeches were of a controversial char-,
acter. A remark of President Trimbon.
who is a prominent member of the Reich
stag, that a new Kulturkampf was about
beginning, was much applauded and
¦widely discussed editorially. The Cologne
Volks Zeitung (a leading Centrist organ)
sees in this expression the chief merit of
the annual diet and says the announce
ment thus made Is sure to awaken an
echo. The newspapers confine themselves
chiefly to the political aspects of the
questions, in expectation of a period of
greater activity on the part of the Cen
y--.rists, with sharper controversies over all
y matters discussed.
America's Commercial Ad
vance a Cause of Re
newed Alarm.
Session of the Catholic
Diet Creates a Dis
cussion.
GERMANY TALKS
ABOUT RELIGION
THE SAN FKANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, BEFTEMBEK 1 , 1^01.
Lawton's Portrait on Stamps.
"WASHINGTON. Aug. 3L— The War De
jartment has been, informed that the
O^stal authorities have decided to place
/i'ortrait of General H. W. Lawton, who
«st his life at San Mateo, in the Phil
lupines, on one of the new issue of post
ffe Etamps* ' ~~--~* — «^v.
17
% Sale of Beautiful Black Silks r~~TS£lflhrci^
$ * We have Often sold Silks cheap, but we've rarely. Iformance. .Attraction Hall daily,, from 11 a. m. until 5 p. m. \ whlto Blankets- h desirable lot of the 11-4 width (64 inches), heavy, warm,
$ been able U> equal for value and cheapness these five [^j?*™^^
j? ffi*G3t SpGClSilS 2 Hs«MiMI«i M— «i jTB TUtt, _JWl aMg|_ W» y *a fcn| Iff Bed SpreadS—GooA qualhy, full-size Crocheted 'Bed Spreads,- hemmed and ready for I
K $1m25 Black PoaU dO Sole — Extra firm quality, with a beautiful rich luster; *^Bf Pfliiii BS^ B^ hLmH BT^ta^Bjk BP^^ Pi ISS I Ha Ma use, mad: of best three-ply yarn ; our ji. 15 value, on special sale, each J?€8#» '
*» a good wearing silk, mid: expressly for dress purposes; 1150 yards in this jCf'fPg% I W" iB^ m^^W'BP MMk 88 twl Hh^&3 "" '. ' .' C9«t#€# '
$ special lo:, at . . „ . ". . ;••••••;• , IS M M Rtf P* " " " J^ K^ 111 flBH| Good Sheeting-^ inches wide, for or single bed*, . made from round-thread, '
f. $1.10 Guaranteed Black Taffeta— Z7 inches wide, an extra gocd quality, H| HgSPS^ Z^WNSdM I W H selected co'.ton, unbleached, free from dressing ; on special sale at the remarkably 1 + 1^ \
If very rich, lustrous black, and guaranteed to wear well; 750 >ards on special m ?F£mg% E$ei y^jf* fl^M *1T9*. Z| 4*^. T Hi low price, per yard g M 2** "
X 85c Guaranteed Black Taffeta-ifA inches wide, Wgh 8 rtde,> P erb . icopnia's' Ij\RQEST-AMERICA»S GRANDEST # STORE : P '^° -t»» C « ft^~ctt^i cl^Z? '^J^ fiJj^^^SiS^^ jSgi^L i
tf rinish and guaranteed to give Mtssfactory wear ; about 6=0 yards on special ££**—* CALIJ-OMiMA s »-'*- vU " ' "AWltlKIWA 5 UKAI>UCai 3IUKK eac honlv lUG -
g ¦ "'*.* • ooc striking Bag $1.14 Lace Curtains „ ' t V"™'""' Tm' ""»"J'; v "V"\' ; /^ '
g. J cord for floor, rope for ceiling, attachment nice ratterns v*ry siehtly damaged in manu-' '' • »
Jf &1.00 Black Sat in DUCheSSe-^-An extra quality, weU finished, 24-inch Black and screw eyes. A splendid article for «er- facture if pe'rfect could not be so'd for less ; Turkish TOWOlS— Fine bleached, closely woven, heavy and unusually large J3. 50 per ,
t? Satin Duchessr, that will make good drtss skirts ; 500 yards en fpscial sa'e, at g+ g>0* \ cise; regular $1. 50; on special _ m ¦ _ _ ! t h an «! w" per pair ¦ special sa'e _, _ dozen Turkish Towels ; on special sale Monday and Tuesday, each *% O#» '
g*.V •; • •••• »«*«* sale Monday and Tuesday only. & 1.1 4 \ p.ice fcrfhis lot . . . . :. .V. . :". . . . . 75C •• *.,.......'....... &%9%0 -\
I %ZJ%!n,,», Sale of House Furnishings ° K ' ln a J's
I Offers from 25 to 40 per cent saving on well-made Furniture in the newest designs— on Ihorovghly dependable \
I Carpeting, just received from the mills, on 'Crockery an that; are needed in every household, on \
$ Bedding, Curtains, Draperies and Domestic Linens. It is the great twice-a-year event that has been one of the factors ;
I in making the big store so popular with the thrifty housekeepers of California. The items quoted in this announce- :
I ment are for Monday and Tuesday selling. , • %
k » i '— ; — ¦ — ; . ; : _ ; — _ 1 : : • . ; : . ; , ¦
* A § fi\ Wll\$/WMj A lot of 300 rolls of new-style Carpeting just received from New York, ( f \ ? TOl^fl T^^P^ K> ' ' § ¦
af if \ f '«* W< \\ kFCJ *i* B ii IB composed of the better grades of Ingrains, Brussels^ Velvet and. Axminsters — ( !' " , ' Jfcft= 6aSS^lu. , __, ..•-
x >& - ¦ Wi ¦ j^y%,r 7 »'^ y^ P - jff J=JU J at prices far below real values. Purchases made during this sale h:ld, V t0 ,. , r .,,., o . ... \0 '{'¦ %
S rTVT^.j-- f ' 1 urn ¦ "¥r tforaffp free until wanted ¦ . «• ¦-..-•. ¦ ., ,i $2.25 for Child « Bed— Like . \J'-J&>
sSv- V s " -^ fiT J TfS?f~^Ki s ' fe M UT Qrl SWragejree,UmUZVamea. ..: cut, double weave wire mattress, J T^'Sk i .
** TT^^ t5 *S=*=5B*^aa^? f_B~ i II ill — '"^ 1 . /I rf 1^^ All-wool Ingrains— B:st quality made, none Axminster Carpets— Rich deep /pile ear f et», liL 1 " 1 '^Sol wcl1 finished j . worth #4.00, tale . V?
* -^£&3\fA 'f!?^^ V *V^^feb 3t itet^Ljl better> W ° rth 85C P " yard> MZk/STi** borders to match, Persian, Orirntal and floral (Cl F r: « *& ES
£ h-r>:.- j- V^^f- 'r-'-'S 7 -- n-''^"^" 3 '' R R\iWXi special sale price.' %*%*%* effects, worth fl.50 rer yard; -.-. \- \ *p4m.Jm%J \f> * '
* 1^ :^?M Sv?^T ' ') I Li ' Tapestry Brussels Carpets-Nobby, beauti-' 8 P"' al 8a 5 pn«... . ... S^ClC ¦ > j '' ' V % -' ffl ' J
? * I'S? 1 ' .Wi> 7 ' -L--^ 1 tul and of pretty designs; a fine lot of hall Mattlngj-Just received from Japan 500 rolls ' ! , - $1.27 f O r W.85 lor Music Cbinet '
K f^^^k ** j. K^t-'. "'^=rZZl f 1 *"" -and Bttinj worth- 70c per ES*9i^ of hn«i ¦ warp matting^ in ; handjome .nd ! » feg^^Hfl Folding Book ~ Ai P" CTt > °»«^PPy &>• - i
t IJU*-^ J^ irp^^S^^^^^P $1.95 Willow High \ yard, special this week O / 2@ reversible designs, doub e dye; worth 75c rer L. — |'l fr|r... 5 r:... hh. large and commodiout. ,
1^ SU b- Ch 2 ir-With a tray; { Body Brum's-Non, better made, heavy, y^,^ P e.ia' ra^e price. ....... *—£ \fS TTf || H c^ »-* rf Sf.S'lJSr * JffS :
j; $1143 for Dresser-Like _^73hr Golden Oa. Side, well made and strongly ( durable and substantial carpet, including UnoliiiillV*" feetwide; he^y 'on©^.^ f^^^R ' ¦ u . jUt °" v* 1 S3. 85
j: pricr *H>MBa*&& *p2£/£mY^» %$&8aU& \ 300 HlltdOO Rugs— Just received from the Orient, size 72x36 inches, Made of solid oak, has a \yg^gmm\ r e a t y , j u \ «»nd of lelected ash, golden ,
£ HartfingrWI Rack-Of go'den oak, with a French p'ate m'r- ,, A O l nobb 7> beautiful art designs, worth each, special sale price 5 ™™' brass hooks Ml "lla.so,. during JJJj * l^ C \u£« •
J ror, with double hooks, oval shape, worth 7 .oo, special sae price.. 494.2/0 -"" ' ' -^^-~~~~^w- -> T^ . -«d umbrella ; stand; special thi. «.e, ' drawe/, worth |a2. 5 o, .pecial
Jk' Piano Stool— Either in gMden oak or mahogany finish, with g*ff** ># i -this &£ J& 4fik E? ¦ dtk^ 0% m 9"- tale 4&±*mm
| back, worth special sale price Z& 4 .1 %J week.' 9**m£O $B.d7 price $15.08
i i%%"J?nJ"S House Furnishings, KStchenware, Etc. China, Glassware and Dinnerware SySffiSK ¦ J
I T^ Mccs !or Monday and Tuesday Only: These items lor Monday and Tuesday only: "
V _gi Food Chopper— The Urn- **¦ Blue Flame OH Stove -f^ ;^ Straight • i^^^v. SSt>. " .
** U^p Tueslay ......... $1m2m3* $6mQS 5°^, tale price.. .... 27 C ¦ \\^^i S/*2^^^^^^^ :jb>^ -^" ' '•
J. " . . ' • '^Nrg^fi.'gl (g^^^ Ale or Lemonade Sets . Thfa Dinner Jet— s* pieces, complete for ;
t" V- 1 10-Pici Chamber Sets- Fin- En- —Thin blown clear G^ vVine Set— Quart Decanter Wif^th'golf'telcsilJ, ¦Jd^iS'wihh^M ¦
J? > ''^^^^^^^j^^^^^^^ 8* iih \decoratcd ware, pinkj blue or Pitcher, six tumWers and and 6 Wine Glasses, good clear . china, the ihapes axe copies of . fine '
£ 1S15§!1^^ "/. Fruit Knives— For paring fruit and vege- ' '' .^a^^^ ; '^ -'.-.¦'•; brownldecoration?, regular price $$. 25, tilverine tray, ¦'. regularly glass, round glass tray to china .Mtt, regu'ar $1 0.75, Monday
* *g 1 in' . — — _ . . gale pr.ee. ,.........; *% r— ~$ 1 '3%t on spe- match, regular price an d Tuesday, complete set
V '"•"•;: tables, high-grade stec!, polished hardwood Christy Bread Knives — Sets of :, for &2£sij& c : a' «a'e &£r2r $1 00 sa'e price S3G T*7 -/FQ
* Brocms-A good crane broom for porch and handV m, K U bread, cake and fort paring fruit, serrated *." ¦••¦•——— — —¦ *• > r ••• % %> M »T%J
J adewalk use, nude extra strong. for this . f • *Mde, 10c each would be cheap, , et regularly 25c, »a!e >-<^^>^< - • - ;
fc» purpose, on tpicial sale, each BdCG the special ta'e price only 5C price ........ IOC C>^j(^?fCai' j^^^^ /fi^P^^^^^^iiifV ®<^^~<^rs\ =
$ f g0 .f n j t * r. B* fSj h§ HHj Fruit Bowl-Finest im. Sam Diihes -Set Mush and Milk Set- \ rrMa , t w p •• C™^ '
Jl j "r family Bread Toasters — For gas s^- -^=^ . . 1:^ - ltaoon cut g ass in a very of six, fine im-tation „,.,.,. , oreawast Set— Fine imita- * .. "~
Jf size, beveled edges, suitable or blue flams oil stoves, no . vji= pretty pattern, 10 inches cut glass sauce or berry rS a Ina » P re T cc " tion cut glass sugar bowl, Wide Mouth Pitcher Of '
X for polishing starched pieces ga? fumes, tray on bottom Straight Saucepan — B-st across the top, a splendid dishes, t\ ac arc good orations; pitcher, bowr'and cream pt^}^ butter d-si American lemi - porcelalrj ',
* and for ironing laces, hand- to catch the crumb?, toasts quality enameled ware, coveted Convex Saucepan— A large 8-quart oval-side, ornammt for center of* seller* at 50c per dozen, ' p'ate; regu'arly 65c, on holder o' f be«t ecor »ted with words "ice <
5 kerchief, etc., would be cheap evenly and quick'y, regular , and handled, the 4-quirt fam- long handle and covered, brst quality enam- table, regular va'ue $1.00, Monday and -,- Tuesday , sale Monday and Tuesday . P<^ n ¦ r ts * "f* * 0Ur "water," capacity more than '
t£ at »5C each, sale... # — piice 40c, sa'.e price ,__, ily size, regularly 6oc, ,^ __ e!cd ware Sauct pan', regu'arly 75c, _ _ sa'.e price. ...._ o set of 6 . . . . . ' #o -" ' y. 4 -seUen at 85c, sa.e o a quart, regular 1 lc,
«C price f^C j£UC for 37C talc price 59C OUC .......... ISC 4jC ; price let complete..; 4^C tale price .......! 21 C \
I ,^ *©* Men's Novelty .Extraordinary Book Sale Advance Showing Fall Styles
i -W WJ Clothing Ribbon Jackets, Capes, m |
I /HhNA /A $15.OO. Offering ¦ Raglans, Suits. Pf W |:
If / »i \/ / t »• r r «.t „ 1 > 1 r • ma Mm ¦' m " Hntory, Science, Tuveni'e Books, etc., at the -, ¦ , • _ - * , en T^^ '?'
»? / A ' Ytf Just in from one of \ew York « best manufacturing MOflfO^. littlest prices ever known in the book business For the past five years we have demon- -^^^i >^^^ ;
*i I C 5^. 1' N. - y taiio«, the latest fad m men s nobby «ck suits. *** v««»«««jk* in this city. • ¦" stratcd the big store's pre-eminence in the Ml>3r\ (ffi%T\ •:;.
1 U-X5 ,\1 A .l%Z^n™^'^$^t . , Mojdv « 8 .nd imffl Gilt top edition of standard works, in good matter of stylish garments-not alone the /|^fl U ft^ \ •
S S-Jl, 6 \// \H o^dWoSdsandc"^^^^^^^ bbding, publij.d at^c F vo^ beautiful styL. and low prices, but on the C^J A- F X\ "^
* T r" ¦'^rlif '\ ju -l • jli I ooo yards of 6 ani 7 inch floral warp print more than 30- such gocd titles as Micha . . * j- 1 rr> ¦ »O 4/t I fc II A— » «
2 r Jxk \tr^ • *d «*««wn, m the new «npe,.nd cheeks. novdty f anC y ribbon, tuperb quality, rich Clarke, The T Koneers, Old Mamselle's Se- great varieties we display. To-morrow i J \f y , I . / . ? / ,;,
S- L_//^Uri \ are lined and tnrnmed with the b« of everj-- colorir f gs sui ? abIe for neck dressing a^d mil- cret, ' Piantom Rickshaw, Twenty Years we make the preliminary showing of the A JK VW / f _N /
fc" Y- 7 Y^ 1 . \ 10118 ts E<^^^ ¦*** »U regular value 7S c and fr.oo After, etc., etc., now on special - *O European and New York ideas in (Qfl jg// / :^
* : III l-*\\ X^l^^%fXr CnU -^15 r jard ' for the two 5^ « _ sav, per volume...... ....... J»O Ladies' and P Mhses' 'Wearbg Apparel. jTW If §
fc" I / / /I 1 1 \| . " davs • ..~**U Copyrighted Fiction— A long list of recent pub- pa '# O hftf ntl 14 If /^ " "
» : I II I BOyS' NeW BlOUSe 3 O0O yaris of No 5 aU-silkwar P print fancy >t »th^«me from the publish- £ -'^t5S''S^SJSrSffS.' - / \ '
fill Savor Suits. W*^^ 1 ' \ 1
J // / ! Bo,-,^ Kw Blouse Sailor Suits, sixes for 3 to 10 . ioc per yard, on .pecal sale fly 48C 3ft(I 30c somely braided ... A ..""'-, k£L=-^d 3'
* 1/7 I «J 1 J&-~ yea«, made of heavy blue serge, handsomely trim- the two days. *#^T Amon g the very latest copyrighted Fiction ................. $3U.OO \ Sfi^^^^K
*C /// |{ .^»- =^^^^ med collars in red, white and black braid, pretty "~~" ~'S such books at "The Co'umn," by Marriott,, Young Ladles* Suit of handsome '^^//////'i l/l 1 1 \S>*. '
I 3 I// V embrod:red shields, blouses cut full and long, pants FSilB SUS ii§KM1f*R+\B and"Quincy Adams Sawyer," that were Basket Homsspun material; silk-lined Rus- Kj^///y 'if ¦ I IF MW^) •
J," Jffl^ U^^ lined thr O"g nouf » a genuine dfe g£ ff%tf% •«»¦ BW. B...aB%?M JJ . $1.50, on special sale now at. G§Zf% sian Jacket," with vest, fly jackets, velvet '///// / ?'> 'wJ/kTIlU •
£J C *"^> $7.50 value, introductory prx: C#i«9 ' HSTpW TrminiP/J Hnf* ,*7V>W) .--••.. .€9*J€m collar, skirt, with new flounce, headed with ¦''>N^//jL l \l^'iH^ '
J ! = : : — — tjj \{ r y nm ff 4 tlalSd \ eW Black Rock-Cloth.binding:., ...I.... 17q stitched bands of material fiOtf nt% .'^
If *% m+ *JB f iMHAMA ' lY Q iklTlg HdtS . To!d by Two- By Marie St. Felix.... ..35o •• •••••• • 9*Bm9mUU Now 1 hroO'tjuarton Tinht- \
x farooerses anu Liquors * Newwalk . Mrs.Linccin'.peer:e,» cook boor .-.../«, Ftno Broadcloth suitsvk. Fitting ooa?-Fine KVrcy, fZZL :
i Under iho Usual Prices* ' J$& with new'scarfs Dr. Chase's Re^ Book J5o l^ed jacket skirt has drop silk skirt with edg«, lapels c u ffi, collar, and pocket., ele- 1
% ¦'-,. -A. ,-:/'. •#»•*«* r#«o»»» . . ( •¦' ".".^Jg _2ir^, and drap-s American Family Physician. . ;...$t.48 accprdion - pleated flounce, new graduated gant latin lining, large fine - , - _ 1
*? The growers, packrrs and manufacturers have advanced the prices for their ' i^^^lF^^ I ««'«,. Uncle Tom's Cabin — The m-morial eoition, flounce with sirin foidsj jacket has velvet pearl buttons $17*35 1
% products from 10 to 40 per cent, but while stocks now on hand last the New* vfiTet * ** S °' °" ZJcf nlTco/^ * "* "^ "" F/nO - S " k WalstS-Z^^ ]
»>* Big Store's prices will be no more than at present — even lower if possible. Walking Hats, „**" , ; '1'J*'' «leeves ' $45*00 oratc y tuckcd and hem ««ched, buttoned in ,
i We want to emphasize the fact that we carry only the bzsl grades of every- with breast eN 73 New Waiki'nVsknt- Of' dark mixed cheviot, Uck ' new *< c ™ $6.45 \
J» thing to cat and drnk, well-known brands of established -refutation. J"*-»°nn $1.50, in substantial cloth "binding, a hand- ««P bound of matem s on **mijmmm „ Mt*v*. XIIU W~l**- n . '<
J r/} ¦""»-?* E " tCm C " Cd » re^«ly 16c, Monday and Tuesday, M , 1 N^t^ffl- |»« ?^^ titles, on ; • "™ }
i /'^S P ° Und 14°. \ TV Camel's Hair sa.e now at JlffC bands of stitched silk, mak- „„ tuck, ,nd applique, applique Q j
*>' y^ *f Coffee— Our famous Java and Mocha, either ground or roastei; regu- P*fJH£^ Walking Haf, " * " «*^m^ ing flare flounce effect 9 %$»*§• 5 collar, new sleeres «J)v««fd ,
S y U larJ y 35c a pound, Monday and Tuesday... 29O f|ML all colors, vel- New K G l*SOy JacJtOf-Ettedback, FPOffOA F/ailflO/ Wa/sr8~Dark '
J^ Jp n\\\ftl\ 5-pounl lots ¦ ¦!p1m**U J -" Tet trimming. . of an Idle Fellow Case' stitched e^ges and lape's, velvet collar, fine colors, sizes 30-34 only, were m *%**
K y/jPO" 1 ¦ J Sardine*— Choice imported ; Monday and Tuesday, 3 tins 2Sc $5.VO ; King^Noanett, "-. , The Jessamy Bride - p:a rl button?,^stitched flap -,-- ««. ?x.jo, to dose... &MmZ3 'I
I /W HAM SS^^SS^^M^^i^iS 0 ild^pi^^^^SS SS.S?.?-.^? A ThSS; :-^J» . pockets.... ..._.... ..S/1.S5 rrenoAF/anno/Wa/sls-Piain i
»f m I Washing Soda— 25 lbs ........25O and velvet. *©.5O Caleb West, Mas- By Right of Sword NOW Fine KorSOy Jackets— and polka dots, black, old rose, red, htvender i
K « J Pearl Tapicca or iago— 5 lba. .....2Bo ***z*w^\ New douWe hat of Camel s Hair, cloth and veU ter Diver _ The Greatest Gift , With applique trimnvng on — ,->• jm'wm ¦ «- T «cs 3* to 4*. were I4.00, ' ' " ' 2
$. V_^ »"«da P mscuit,-/ P ack 5 ages .||S iFfM Tnl 0^^^^ SS^fTiain' ' fa*, b^and « $16.45 $5 J iaA J3£.<92.39 \
%' Fe's Naptha Soap— 4 bars 2Bo ' iS W\ Finely . tnmmtd . hats in aU new trmmings, g a tan * Player - - '¦ • a ** — - • - m ¦ '¦ ~m 2 " ** m 1
fc" Corn— Best Western 5 Monday and Tuesday, per dozen 09© , -4=- sha P rs and materials $7*OQ to $25.00 Zlska An Enemy to the GOOU Sf* HUM MB U&Yielfy SaWm '}
tf ' Maine Corn-The best that money can buy ; Mond.y 'a'n'd Tuee- ' /^. ~ _ %s Ncw W.'k : ng Hats in endless variety from ... . ab^f soner ; of AConflnental Dra- mZ^^lT 1 I— A lot of « old «^ ' jiH&L \
V r H5t:n................ 53C /M'f&^J •••••••• 98Cto$t2.00 Zcnda ' of ACominental Dra JUt^f%hjm%G Si 7.85 P !ated HatP^»^k ' i^^
g- California Packing Co.'s Chutney Sauce— Half pints to-day, JZ^&^&F^ . A Lady of Quality The Road to Paris BTMCm%*WMMaM9? w " iWtf Brooches and J^J&& ">
t? bottle : '. f jj o {Z-^S&ZS^^i ltJWg»n'*s F"aarnS*i hinn*s In w.?h^ I i n rf c xvu n 1 "^ 0^™ This machine is made to our order by Link Cuff Buttons, tW^.Rfe j
C.Ufornpack^Coy.E;^ illZtt I^Mm^L t S^SSiS U " F °o? tS^ef reedOm one of the best known sewing ma- J» pin. with S*§#M§§
f, Baking Powder— Emporium brand, the "money-back" kind, i-'b OI3CGI31 TOT* IwMOntl&V. The Pride of Jen- Sentimental -Tom- ,• r . • • ,. ij j f«cy colortd 7ft i?' V!*|^*O8^* ',
i^ tins - -»/»#» ., . /. « cut-i o j V - — ••'¦ nico ¦ my .... , chine factories in the world, and ¦' att JL thmimaeh^, y^ >v \
I u^i;^^'^^M0^^c^ ¦: / M? £a4V^ p^S™*;^ . >
* Monday and Tuesday, 7 bars... 25o \ Cream of Maize— Delicious Breakfast FooJ, special Monday and Tu-sday The Sowers Black Rock • OUTS ((joldcn Rule) Its price would and flower designi with stone settings, the \
J Good MackereI-3 fish. ..2BO lb... ...7O ¦ " : • " '"75O ° f r^^L \t be least < 4 O.OO. You can do Eak buttons hare a ball end and are all fancy 5
jf Lunch Crackers-Champion or Frisco, lb/ Op Asparagus-S. & W. brand, extra fancy. Men's' Stff BVscm Shirts-wV have 25 do«en Soldier Stores , France \™ ° Z a 'I o f youV sevvinR in half the time of «y article ia the lot, Mon- 5
S Epp* Cocoa-Imported tin.; 22o u« |V '" ..2So of our season's stock of $t. 00 shirts still on McTeague : , : The Manxman . ¦ f - g , .f^, ."' 7™, I day and Tuesday if the quantity last,.... /fi© 5
J Choice Sugar Peas-Tm.. ff O Castile Soap-Virgin brand, bar... ...23o hand and have marked them to.'-^ ", '• ¦.-> o^ - if ¦— '•- ' with half the work at less than half _: ? )
Jk* • v .-j Jurt received 300 barrels Astl (Sonoma County) close out this week, each. . .-. >. . 63c SOOlety^ Stationery the price ;. of. other, machines. It is VeiOUr Samples, i
K /ffi^fo OiarOt, botte rpe ; regu'arly 40c per gallon, the b-st va'ue ever Men's Night Shirts— Good quality muslin, S/t&Cial 'MOTtday 18Cm a Strictly high-grade, high aim ma- . $I.OO ValUO 37 Cm \
K ff£'' [l liffrH off^ b 7 our Liquor Department, at the special price •'Z>':1>^ prettily silk trimmed, wellmade and fuU cut, Fine quality of^ Hssbrouck's Socijt'y Stationery, ' chine of the* most" modern construction, On Monday 'and Tuesday, if quantities last, "we J
& » /^SK^^PB Monday and Tuesday, per gallon «^^ regular 75c values, spicial Monday _ i n superfine Royal English Ve lum, Royal noiseless, easy running, ball-bearing, com- .will tell 500 tarcples of fine Velours for .1
S V /fi!5lli?iT2Sl4l \iruu 1 tit. \ 5^»'?on lot}.. ...... $1.5O .v W and Tuesday.... ....;.'...... ; .dC#C; ¦". English -Linen, ; and : French .Veour, octa'vo ; plete with all attachment and accessor"^, Cush'ons, Chair Seats, etc. They are Tery
i UJ B^r^Tm Whlt f b?I Stout — Guinness Fcr=ign Stout, best in the market ; regu- Men's Ribbed Worsted Underwear— Natural and billet sizes, cream, heiotrope, rote, on a han isome fiv:-drawer tab'.e. We gutr- b-autiful prints in bright and clear coloring, a ,
%' &^£3?fr4 i.UArf J"'y f 2-15 a r^°«n, Monday and Tuesday $1*90 grey, with neat blue mercerized strpe, non- sapphire and azure tint?, 24 5 he;ts writing antse this machine for five year?, and the qua^ty worth fi.oo per yaH, the aamplei ji
*? ' Jd'OWStone Whiskey— Sourmash, bottled at the distillery by Tay'or. & . shrinkable, . regularly. |i. 00 p:r_^ "paper anda's envelo«;in neat box, v i w. - special price - for Monday , are *4 inches long, the tale price i» ._ 5
X j-,1 urur- Williams; full quarts Monday and Tuetday. ............. .$t.O4 I garment, Monday : and Tuesday... . M^C » pecial' Monday and Tues day,' only.. • iOfC ' and Tuesday will be '¦•"•' $17m85 'each- * ¦ 37C \THE SAN ' -FRANcisCO ; : CALL, SUNDAT V SEPTEMBER 3p 01 ' 'Z
NEW BIBLICAL DRAMA
WITH SPECIAL MUSIC
AND A BELLINI OPERA.
BY BLANCHE PARTINGTON.
Are You "Of the Old World"?
- Everything pertaining to the New World
may be- easily and cheaply seen at the Pan-
American Exposition, and the best way' to
get to Buffalo is by the comfortable traim
of the rNlckel Plate Road, carrying Nickel
Plate Dining Cars, in which are served Amer
ican Club meala-from 33c .to Jl each. Book
free, showing pictures ot exposition buildings. ,
?£;?, accom modation3 -reserved. JAT W.
ADAMS., p. c. P. a.. 37 Crocker bulldla*.
San Francisco. ',' Cai.
; ¦ ; ; Reports from London are to the. effect that- not all. the Americans: who visited: that' citv
this summer are millionaires, for it is said there are quite a number of them" there 'how who "'are
broke and .without enough money 1 to r get home. ' • , ; -, ' \_ \ :'¦>/'¦''
I ' • The -prolonged drouth in the Eastern States has been followed by such severe" rainstorms
that the \ people are now considering what is the best form of praying for a let-up. ' ~
There is a r story that -in Philadelphia they use snails to cleanwindow panes; so. it appears
Six children, three boys and three girls,
were presented to her husband, the Greek
priest of Dellgard In Servia. by Mme.
Arangycl, according to the Feather Lloyd,
eighteen months ago she bore him trip
lets.
Special information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
CaL* glace fruit SOc per lb at Towesend'a.*
Choice candies. ToTv-so n a*s; Palace Hotel*
It is announced that the professors of the University of Chicago have come to* the .con
clusion- that .the use of titles is bad f orm r and hereafter they, will address one another as Mister
It is not announced how they .will "address; the President, but 'probably they will call^ him
While. New York is in'the throes' of a municipal campaign a report direct from London
says that. Croker is enjoying himself in England by learning how-to play golf, and it may be the
old man is going to quit politics, and^organize a society to run the -400. .;.
"I'm glad to live on a short street."
"Why are you glad?" ...
"Because I'd hate to have the alleged
lump of ice the iceman leaves us melt
before he could get around the corner.—
Plain Dealer.
A constabulary raid in a country town in Massachusetts brought to light a considerable
quantity of whisky snugly stored away in rubber boots,; and if the announcement of tHe fact does
not stop the drinking of secret' liquor in 'that locality it will be .^because i thV. people like
gum in theirs. ¦ . . ' - ' ;-.'-" ' \* .^ ' .'
COMPLAINT is made that the Atlantic Ocean trade is at a standstill, and ships are
idle in the harbors of that side .for lack of cargoes.
This, means that ! Europe is gorged with our goods . for. the present, and trade
..must wait for consumption to catch up with the supply. None can tell how long-the
wait may be. If greatly prolonged it may produce stagnation of trade and bring about some
of the effects of a panic. . ; - f
While this is the condition of deep-water commerce on the Atlantic side, on the Pacific
there is no evidence of' decline. Even, in spite of the efforts ofjthe strikers ""who criminally, inter
fere with the movement of commerce and>liave tied up a large fleet of ships in this harbor, the out-
going Oriental and Australasian ships carry full • cargoes and return laden to their capacity.- Our
trade with, the East and the islands of the sea is quite distinct from the .Atlantic trade" with
Europe, and it is probable that the season's statistics will show a steady growth of that com
merce in all of our Pacific ports. '- . - - -,
This situation is a revelation of, the. individuality ;t>f our commercial interests. They lie to ;
the- westward. Atlantic, interests lie to the eastward. The respective populations, with which the :
two coasts are in commercial^ intercourse, differ as widely as the points of the compass toward .
which each coast looks for its trade." - N •• \ > '.
We are interested- in the absorbing and Exchange capacity of Australasia', China, Korea,
Japan and Asiatic Siberia, and the politics and economics of those countries are . of far -greater
interest to us than the. affairs of Europe. s . V"
IDLE SHIPPING.
gramme for the evening's entejtainmen
The coming week at the Tivoli will see
the revival of one of the .two most impor
tant of the Bellini .operas, to wit. "Nor
ma," a work comparatively seldom heard
here owing, perhaps,- to the exacting na
ture of the title role. Barbareschi is cast
for the part that I understand is a par
ticular favorite witlAhe pleasing singer,
and one that certainly affords opportunity
fdr her marked dramatic power. Pole
tinl's pleasant and comfortably sure con
tralto will be heard in the part of Adal
gisa, Castellano assumes the roIeof^Pol
lio arid Dado is cast as the archdruid,
with any number of fine bass arias to in
terpret. The "Casta Diva" is something
to look forward to, also.
In the alternating bill, "Mignon," one
of the prettiest things will be Repetto's
Filina. I at least like it better than any
thing else she, does. Repetto's dramatic
line is dainty comedy, and as hopelessly
ineffective as her Lucia is from fltie
histrionic standpoint, so is her Filina \n
delicately charming. It is instinct >with
the very spirit of patched and powdered
coquetry, • and the little ¦ singer looks like
a rare bit of Dresden china to add, im
portantly, to the effect. -I have not heard
Coilamarinrs Mignon, but it is said to
be one of heT best efforts. Poletini, who
gave us a charming Mignon last year,
is to sing the part of Frederick; with its
ever-popular "Gavotte"; Russo will ap
pear as last year In Wilhelm Meister's
part, and Nicollnl will also repeat his
good work of last year as Lothario.
There will be a small concert given In
Oakland next week (September 10) at the
Unitarian church that is deserving of
favorable attention. in that it Is the first
public effort of a new trio, consisting of
Miss Helen J. Hagar, pianist; John . R.
Lewlai violinist, and Lovell Langstroth,
'cellist. The last-named musician has
but lately returned from Brussels, where
he has 'studied to -good purpose under
Jacobs,- the famous- 'cellist, and heis^a
young, player of, whom almost anything
may be prophesied. ' The. young artist has
played almost all his life, first under the
tutelage of his father, J. A. Langstroth:
then with Loufs Heine; of most musical
memory,- and then with Fred Gutterson,
th-> Tivoli's clever 'cellist.^-. Mr. Langs
troth had a good technique when he -left
here, but both, technique and musical
spirit. have grown and deepened wonder
fully since his . European . experiences,
among which were, a couple of seasons
with the famous Ysaye orchestra."* The
young Oaklander also had the honor of
instructing Cesar Thomson's- .daughter
and frequently playing in--trio- with the
celebrated' violinist himself. V
Mr. ' Langstroth ..will , have one 'of the
most beautiful r instruments to. play, on
that has'ever been heard. here, a Stradi
varius of -simply gorgeous tone, that does
not yet belong to him, mofe's the pity. I
understand its owner ,w.ould consider $3500
for the cello. Miss Hagar.is a s well-known
pianist In Oakland 'musical circles and is.
a. thoroughly' capable 'and earnest musi
cian, and Mr. Lewis is one of Henry Hey
man's best pupils, who did . some .very"
good and musical playing last season.
The trio • will be : assisted "by : A. h!
Ccgswell. barytone, and the following pro- 1
gramme has been. arranged: .'...„- .'-V-'
Third Brand trio ..; ••••••...."...?.'... Raff
Allegro agitato, allegro assai. adagletto, finale
Sonata ...... : ......,........: Locatelli
->. " Mr, Langstroth. " ' ' " J
Aria (Faust) ...-.'...-..^.............Gounod
;V, . .Mr.' Cogswell." •',' • •_, —
, (a), "Depart" . (b) "Retour"..'.. ..'.'..... ...Bazzini
Mr. Lewis.- '•
"My Sweet Repose" ..Schubert
-Mr, Cogswell. - -
Trio, "Waltzer Marchen" ..' ischutt
Different— "WhaV a -hideous hat "Hilda
has on!" "Why, that's the latest style "
"Oh isn't it sweet?"— Philadelphia Even-
TO old and young playgoers alike,
indeed to every generation of play
goers that can be represented in
an audience, the appearance of the
venerable actress Mrs. G. H. Gil
bert this week at the Columbia is an
event of supreme Interest. I had the
pleasure of meeting her on her arrival
during the week and of satisfying myself
that she looks hardly' a day older than
on her last appearance here with ; the
Daly company at the Baldwin Theater.
Such a dear, fragile, nervous little figure
she is, with only the sparkle in the still
bright eyes to tell of the marvelous vigor
that has carried her through her brilliant
long life on the boards. Mrs. Gilbert is
unmistakably of the gracious yesterday.
She has the gently courteous and leisurely
air of the day when there was time to
do' all things needful, and time to do them
well. She has the manner of the ideal
Duchess— or Queen Dowager, as she will
be this week— that is, exactly the manner
highnesses should have, but commonly
don't. I do not think the modern regime
can be quite to Mrs. Gilbert's liking. The
Sunday performance, the Sunday rehear
sal, are quite out of her repertoire; the
problem play she dislikes— including "Mrs.
Dane's Defence" and such; the modern
novel with- its intimate handling of the
relations of men and . women she consid
ers superfluous ' and so on, and one is
persuaded to the gentle old lady's belief
in seeing her, the exquisite product of
those days when these were not. Her
opinions of actors and acting, on. the
other hand, are characterized by the ut
>most modernity of judgment, and she v
has kepc wonderfully in touch with what
actor- folk are doing and -playwrights writ
ing. ;
."I can do everything T used to do," she
said quaintly, "but not quite, so much of
it."
| Mrs. Gilbert «ppear3 this time as sup
port to the charming young actress Annie
Russell, in R. Marshall's romance, "A
Royal Family.'' She has the part of the
Queen Dowager,. and expresses the utmost
content with the role, and the play, and
her young friend Miss Russell, with
whom she has been associated for some
seasons.' She hopes we shall like the play
as well as she likes it, but, be that as it
may. there is enly on.o greeting for Mrs.
Gilbert, and that is "heartiest welcome to
San Francisco."' ."
• * - «
With the premiere of "A Voice in the
Wilderness,'.* the big venture of Belasco
& Thall at the Central v Theater; with An
nie Russell, Mrs. G. H. Gilbert and ' a
host of clever players at the Columbia
Theater in "A Royal Family"; with Jo
seph Haworth and -the new. stock com
pany at the Grand Opera-House, and an
Oscar Wilde play, "An Ideal Husband,"
at the California, there should be little
reason to complain of the theatrical menu
for the coming week. •
It appears that the Grand Opera-House
management found the "star, and stock"
system so profitablex^uring the late reign
of Mr. Melbourne MacDowell that it has
been adopted as the regular, policy of the
house. Mr. Haworth is MacDowell's suc
ceeding star, and will begin a six weeks'
engagement to-morrow, evening with
"Roscdale." Joseph Haworth made his
last appearance here with Mod Jeska at
the Baldwin Theater some five years ago,
and has been starring in . the East I since
that time in "The Ghetto."" VThe Chris
tian" (as John Storm). "Quo Vadla" (as
Vinicius) and . others. Next week he will
appear - in the last named < play, and
"Richelieu" will follow.
One of thejinost. creditable amateur the
atrical, performances that have been seen
hereabouts for a long time; was . one given
on last s Friday . and ¦ Saturday ' nights .'at
San Rafael in -the* Gordon Opera-house
The ; play wa3 VE3meralda," the old"ro
mance by.-Frances Hodgson Burnett and
W. H.vGillette, and the talent employed
was all local. The affair was under the
direction of Miss Grace Fern, reader and
impersonator, and bore strong testimony
to the young lady's unusual gifts as stage
manager, and the quite uncommonly good
material she has had to work with.
It will be remembered that one of the
chief characters In the play is old man
Rogers, an old farmer, very well content
ed with the smallest 'of incomes and
"North Carliny ways." and' saddled with
a wife whose ambitions make his and
his daughter's lives miserable. F. J.
Crowley, in private life a lawyer of prom
inence, was cast for this' part and gave
a rendering of it that for truth, restraint
and fine artistic feeling could hardly have
been bettered by any but the best actors
on the professional stage. Given the ex
perience, it is quite certain that Mr.
Crowley, In such roles as Jefferson played,
or dramas of the James A. Hfrne kind,
could have taken a very high position in
deed among the actors of the day.
Another very well assumed character
was that of Lydia Ann Rogers, that was
acted by Mrs. Renebome. who gave the
scheming, shrewish wife's part with
much power. Dave Hardy, the lover, and
a rather ungratefur-role, was played with
sympathy and refinement by Mr. Halley,
who also shows a considerable histrionic
ability, and Mr. Lestretto appeared as the
Marquis de Montessan, giving an'excel
lent interpretation of the character. In
the cast, too, was Colonel Shakespeare, a
direct descendant of the playwright of
Avon, and also, courageously, like him a
maker of plays. The Colonel was seen as
Jack Desmond, and played his part In
modest and manly fashion.
Master John Verdenal gave an amus
ingly good sketch of the American specu
lator, Mr. Short was sufficient as Esta
brook, and the two nieces of Jack Des
mond were well played by Jlisa Bowne
and Miss Mamie Bowne. Throughout
there was a .wholesome familiarity with
the lines, and Miss Fern 13 to be highly
praised for her clever work with the
amateur actors.
Miss Fern herself appeared to much
advantage In the name role, particularly
in those parts of the play requiring deep
er emotion. She is evidently naturally
fitted for stage work, being gifted with
temperament, dramatic feeling, a charm-
Ing face and figure and a very pleasing
voice. It is on the cards that the ama
teur players may take their play to some
of the smaller coast town, and any en
terprising charity In need of; assistance
would do well to ask their aid.
THE Incidental mus^c of "A Voice
in the Wilderness," the new bibli
cal drama at the Central Theater
this week, will be of special in
terest. Mr. Louis Homeier, the
leader of the Central orchestra, is the
composer and seems to have evolved
something at once original and in good
keeping with the spirit of the drama.
This is by no means Mr. Homeler's first
work of «the kind, by the way. He wrote
the incidental music to "King Lear',' and
"Louis- XI" for W: E. Sheridan, and is
also the composer of a number of re
ligious works, notably a fine . "Salutaris"
and several offertories. To Mr. Homeier
is also owing the first introduction of
"VVagnerian music to San Francisco, in
1SS2, at Piatt's Hall, where he gave a
series of concerts with a fine orchestra
of forty musical enthusiasts. The ac
companying and illustrative music of "A
Voice in the Wilderness," therefore,
Eoems to be in good hands, and the few
strains I have heard will certainly add
interest to the performance, the "Hero
dias Barbaric March" and the "Anthem
Superna," more particularly.
One violinist and two harpists Is the
curious combination of the Vailee trio of
women players that will be ane of the
week's musical numbers at the Orpheum.
The combination sounds perhaps more
curious than beautiful, but the trio has
been something of a rage in the East, and
whether musical or novel remains to be
seen.
Miss Lucille Saunders, the - contralto
who has made so favorable an impression
with Orpheum audiences, is to be heard
again this wcek-in some new; ballads. Miss
Saunders is very well worth listening to
from a conversational as well as vocal
standpoint. She has had a varied experi
ence on the operatic stage both in Eng
land and America, and has much pic
turesque gossip about it that she retails
in a very pleasing voice and fetching
fashion. Miss Saunders was a pupil of
the celebrated Mme. Lagrange in Paris,
where she studied for three years. She
made her debut with the famous Carl
Rosa Opera Company, then at the height
of its Teputatlon. and sang • the three
parts of Frederick, Siebel— I am not sure
ot the third— all In h,e.r. first , W eek. • She
has interesting stories of W. S. Gilbert,
to tell, with whom she spent a happy
season or two at the Savoy Theater, and
to whom she gives any credit due to her
for her exceptionally, good enunciation,
Gilbert having told her. one 3ay at re
hearsal, J.o her profound embarrassment,
that her work might be good. If anybody
only could tell what she ' was w singing
about! Since that lime : she- has taken
care they shall. Her . later - work ¦ in
America with the . Metropolitan • Opera
Company is too recent to need resurrec
tion. ¦ ¦¦ r.:-..-
•. -. • ' *•
It gives me pleasure to announce the re
turn of lime. Julie Rosewald to the. city
after an absence , of four years.. It will
be gratefully remembered by many prom
inent singers that this once famous so
prano of the Henry Abbott grand opera
company was for eight years one of the
foremost vocal teachers in San Francisco,
and it will be good news to the . vocally
inclined 'to know that she will again, re
sume her teaching here.. Among those
who owe their Inspiration ' to .Mme.' Ros»
wald are Marie Barna, .Carrie * Milzner,
Alvina Heuer and, many other good mu
sician* too numerous to mention.
The Rev. J. l! O'Neill for his lecture
to-morrow evening at the Metropolitan
Temple on Savonarola has been fortunate
enough to secure the .valuable vocal as
sistance of ' Rev. ' Father * Sesnori,'. the one
time Lohengrin* of -the operatic .stage' arid
now affectionately known as the "'singing:
priest." -With: his lavishly^ interesting sub
ject of the splendid old Italian . f rate* arid
Father Sesnon'* songs Father. O'Neill has
certainly provided an Interesting pro-
COMPOSER OF THE INCIDENTAL MUSIC TO "A VOICE IN THE WIL
DERNESS," THAT IS SAID TO BE ORIGINAL AND IN -KEEPING
¦ : WITH THE SPIRIT OF THE DRAMA. ' • ;
VENERABLE -ACTRESS WHO RETURNS JQ. SAN FRANCISCO- AS THE
. * QUEEN DOWAGER'IN "A ROrAl,. FAMILY," WHICH WILL BE "
GIVEN AT THE COLUMBIA THIS "WEEK.
THE Examiner varies its vile attacks upon the police by crying out for the .right of
labor to combine as an offset to the • incorporation of capital. ,•;* .... ,
It surrenders its own editorial space to the reproduction of an expression fronvan
¦--.other paper, on that subject, of which' it seems to consider the. following sentence to be
the.pith.of the whole subject, for it lavishes : black letter.. type upon it: T : "£ . l • ; ¦
"It is primarily important, in order- to obtain clear views of the existing situation, to em
phasize the statement that -labor unions possess a. legitimacy equal to the right of incorporation
for the purpose. of conducting business, and that, in common with all other associated '•/effort
among men, have their foundations laid deeply in the inherent right. of man .to. enter into, asso
ciated relation for the accomplishment of legitimate purposes. Whoever denies this right is
either guided by a very enfeebled intelligence or prompted by motives as base as those which he,
at the foundation of all tyranny."- . / ':
It' would be rather amusing to see the Examiner try -to find any one who denies to labpr
the right of combination. Certainly it is not the Employers' Association, nor. the corporations,
nor the individual employers. -No n one is disputing the. right of labor Organization— that- is not
in issue at all— and the fire-eating leaders and their organ are simply 'deceiving labor, to its
great injury, by a brazen pretense that such is the issue.
• The v issue is the equality of responsibility between capital and labor in their organized
form. "Incorporation for the purpose of conducting business," being' confessed by the; Exam
iner to be the same as the organization of labor into unions, let the- responsibility be made the
same. At present, the union has no. legal status. " It can neither sue nor be sued. It may inflict
ruin -upon individuals, set the law. at defiance by violence, blockade trade, destroy the prosperity
of a community, and^finally bring its own members to .beggary and want, and not be compelled
to respond in "damages. It claims, the right to exercise the powers of government, and to do
things that a pnly the executors of the lawcan do and some they cannot do. Yet it / is without
status, and though an organization is an, incorporeal .body. It is as completely subject to the will
of one man as are the people of an Oriental autocracy. This man orders the union to break con
tracts and they are broken. If the court seeks to enforce these contracts, there is no legal en
tity against which to proceed. The Examiner indorses these breaches of. contract by command of
union leaders, but if the employers or corporations had broken the same contract it would be out
employing special counsel and taking the employer or corporation into court for punishment and
the exaction of damages. Sensible laboring. men must see that public opinion will not indorse
the position that unions have a right to break contracts, and also the power to punish employers
for the same act. • ¦ ¦•'.•;¦¦
This serious phase of the present labor troubles here and in the East is impressing such
thinking men in the unions as have not completely .abdicated their rights- as ¦freemen in 'favor of
their leaders. The. Labor World, published in Pittsburg as the organ of. the International Tin-
Workers' Protective Association, and the Pittsburg District Mine-Workers' Union, , and "the, Pat- .
tern-Makers' Association, all of which' unions are affected by the; strike ordered by President
Shaffer of the Amalgamated Steel. Association, does not agree with the Examiner that.it is'.right
and honorable for a union to break a contract at the command of a leader. The World says that x
to get the strike at all Shaffer had to compel the unions to break contracts that they Jiad -.made
with their employers, that were entirely, satisfactory to the laborers, and that for this compulsion
to a dishonorable act he should be impeached. That labor organ accuses. him of tyranny in pun
ishing the unions ill the Western steel mills because they kept their contracts inviolate. -and re
fused to strike. Among the twenty-four counts in its indictment of he is' accused of,,
bringing wreck and ruin to the men whom he forced into dishonor and^ idleness. -.'
That is the outcry of labor against its own degradation by the tyranny of its leader. It is
the voice of union labor in distress caused by the irresponsibility of, labor organizations. Let thej
laboring men themselves insist that their unions have the same legal status as incorporated cap^
ital. Then their leaders become legal trustees of their affairs, and for such malfeasance as is
charged. against. Shaffer and. ?is has been committed here by irresponsible leaders, any member of
a union, can resort to a court and punish his trustees for injuring him.
Let it be understood that menxan combine for any purpose, without special permit of the
law, so long as that purpose affects them alone. But when the purpose affects others, and the
combination assumes to' make and break contracts, to deny to men their lawful right to labor
peaceably for the support of their families, the combination .becomes an -outlaw. To make it
plain, no public officer, deriving his authority from this city, the State, or the United States, dare
interfere with the humblest citizen to. deny or; impede him in his labor or his freedom of con
tract. This high function denied by the law to its own officers is being hourly exercised in this
city by the labor unions. They stone and shoot at citizens of the United States who are peace
fully laboring. They fire on .teams, teamsters and barns full cf horses' arid their keepers. They
violate the maritime laws of the United* States by boarding ships in the harbor and making" pris
oners of their crews, taking them ashore, ¦compelling them under threat of death; to swear allegi
ance to the union, and then beating them into insensibility. They are exercising authority which
Government dare not, and the Examiner scales thesublimest eminence of lying by the pretense
that those who object to this are opposed to the right of labor to combine! .
THE RIGHT TO COMBINE.
THE SAN FRflNdlSg0|CALL^
JOHN D.;SPREGKELS.' : Proprietor. ' ¦.''":'.:'. \l Address Communications to W. S., LEAKE, Manager
SUNDAY^V;.^^
Publication Office ...."..:.... ...\.... ...... <^PHf^^*' ................ Market and Third, S. F.
BY GUISARD.
THEATRICAL MANAGERS
OFFERING A PLETHORA
OF GOOD ATTRACTIONS.
18Iowa's . Governor Says He Has Not
Encouraged Mention of His
Name.
OMAHA, Aug. 31.— Governor Leslie M.
Shaw of Iowa passed through Omaha this
morning en route to Des Molnes. "When
asked regarding Senator Dolllver's an
nouncement at Chicago last night of hla
candidacy for the Presidency, Governor
Shaw made the . following statement, de
claring: he would say nothing further:
VI have neither Inspired nor encouraged
any mention of my name in connection
with 1904. Senator Dolliver la correct in
the statement that it is too early to de
termine. The first thing for Iowa to do
is to roll up for our own ticket the biggest
majority ever polled In the State and this
we will now do."
SHAW IS INCLINED
TO BE NON-COMMITTAL
Now is, the time to visit t,ake Tahoe.
Friday to Tuesday tickets -via Southern
Pacific $10.80; ten days $13.80. The scenery
is now at its best.
buildings; far the corporation, through Its
wealth, ts able to carry out a suitable Im
provement, and its moving idea is to benefit
the section In which it operates and hence to
improve that ! section to the greatest possible
extent with the most suitable class of build
ings. . . v
These corporations »re as yet of two classes
only. The first is represented by the aggrega
tions of capital which • Have . tak<*n hold of
splendid properties in the business districts and
along the line of such thoroughfares as Broad
way and Fifth avenue. These companies do
rot now, and say they never will, depart from
the policy of handling only the most expensive
kind of real estate. The other kind of realty
corporation ! devotes its attention to a speeial
district and a special line of property In that
district. It is really a combination of a few
owners for the protection of their mutual in
terests. - Many**such concerns were organized
last year and many more are now being
talked of. "' -¦ . ¦ ¦ ¦ ' ¦
> CHICAGO, Aug. 31.— The commission In
vestigating the Police Department | an
nounced'lts decision .to-day. The three
accused i detectives, Joyce, Cramer" and
Tracy, were -ordered ;to be discharged
from the force. j r Joyce and' Cramer were
found- guilty ; of . conduct ' unbecoming '.; offi
cers and "Tracy :'of falsifying reports.' , ¦
Two Detectives Are Guilty.
to any great extent. The machinery has
been shipped in from Cisco by way of
Webber Lake. /
Forty acres of land in the dredger belt
near Oroville have been sold, so says the
Oroville Mercury, by C. E. Kusel to J. W.
Goodwin for about $10,000, as indicated by
the internal revenue stamps. The pur
chaser is president of the Lava Beds
Dredger Company, which owns and is
dredging land adjoining the Kusel tract.
He Is also president of the Oroville Water
Company. The land was mined by promi
tlve methods forty years ago and has been
of no use since except to pasture a few
cows. .* '
The Griss Valley Union-Herald says
that Martin Rohrig and his sons recently
took out $5000 from a pocket at a claim
they are working near Alleghany. The
Dudley gravel claim In Nevada County,
according to the same journal, brought
$13,500 when recently sold to Los Angeles
parties. The new company has men con
structing a ditch 3000 feet long from Ore
gon Creek to the mine and new buildings
will be erected.
An Ohio man, W. C. Werick of Canton,
has agreed to pay $4000 for a gold placer
claim tnat has been put under a working
bond by Mrs. A. L. Dean in Watson
Gulch, near Trinity Center, so says the
Redding Searchlight.
In Old Tuolumne.
The Sonora Union-Democrat has been
Informed by J. W. Pownall, the man
ager of the "Tuolumne County Water and
Electric Power Company, that the water
supply is ample for mining purposes for
the present and' that there will be no
diminishment earlier than September 2a,
and probably not until October. Then
the supply will be limited, but it Is not
expected to fall entirely at any time dur
ing the present season. Everything is in
active operation at the Goldwin j mine,
says the Union-Democrat, although the
water is running so low in the river that
It is feared that the mill will have to
be closed soon. The property willl be
turned over to the new superintendent,
Mr. Potts of Philadelphia.
The Trinity Journal has a summary of
operations in Trinity County from which
it ia made to appear that from $1500 to
J1S00 Is turned out per day by the mill
at the Dorleska mine. At the Nash deep
gravel mine a full force of men is hy
draulicking, and the mine will probably
run until late in the fall, as the water
supply continues to hold good. At th-3
Headlight. Wagner and Strode mines de
velopment work is proceeding. Prospec
tors are numerous In the Coffee Creek
section.
In an application for a patent to the
Bonanza quartz claim, which was re
cently filed, is " involved nearly all the
business section of Harrison Gulch, in
Shasta County. Three applicants repre
sent that they located the Bonanza . in
ISM, and that the store owners, who have
property on the claim, have only squat
ters* rights. Litigation will follow the
application.
The Tucson. Ariz., Post says that P.
C. Fenner, manager of the -Pacific Coast
Coal Company, who has been in Tucson
recently, claims that a large amount of
coal has been blocked out by his com
pany and that shipments are about to be-
Kin A railroad will be built to Guaymas
from San Marcial and connections will
be made by the road with- the lines of
the Southern Pacific Company. The coal
can be successfully burned in smelters,
as It resembles coke.
- Calaveras Is Active. •
"There is more activity in mining cir
cles in Calaveras . County," says the
Stockton Independent, "than there has
been In years. It is believed . that by next
winter more mines will be worked than at
any time since the first rush to that dis
trict In the '40s and '60s. Old claims that
have been idle for years are being cleaned
ud and made ready to operate. With early
rains active work will begin all along the
mother lode. Many of the mines are still
running, as they have sufficient water to
carry them over." ¦ ,
The Clio mine in •- Tuolumne County, at
Jacksonville, may be bonded ¦ to the com
pany that formerly, operated the Brown
mine near Tuttletown. The price men
tioned is from $275,000 to $300,000, ; accord
ing to the Independent. Papers are on
The Nevada City Transcript report3
that a ten-stamp mill will soon be built
for use on the Hartley Ledge at Meadow
Lake. Captain Ord of Berkeley is at the
head of the enterprise. At first only five
stamps will be set in motion. The ore
that has been worked in that locality has
been taken from the top of the ground
mainly. The mines have never been sunk
The Redding Free Press says that the
prospect is good for beginning actual min
ing on the much talked of Sweepstake3
property next June. It was hoped that
all the pipe for conducting water would
be placed under ground this winter, but
the strike has caused delay. The snow
flieB at Weavervllle anywhere from Octo
ber 15 to the , middle of November. If
snow comes late the pipe line may be
nearly completed this year. 'Then it may
be possible to resume work by the middle
of February. Four hundred men are
¦working on the property and the sawmill
is In operation.
Morton Lindley has concluded a deal, so
reports the Redding Free Press, by which
his company secures the Keith group of
copper claims, which will soon be devel
oped. This deal marks the entry into the
Shasta copper fields of the May Blossom
Copper Company, which is composed of
men from the Granite Creek Smelting and
Refilling Company of Boston. The Keith
group of claims lies about half a mile
northeast from the Bully Hill mine. The
claims were taken up several years ago,
but little work was done.
Mining: in Tulare County commenced when
the great rush and excitement was made over
the discovery of gold in the bars of Kern
River in the year 1853 upon the Elbow bar. At
that time Tulare County included Kern River.
The bars upon the river never proved very
rich, .but the placer ground of Green Horn
Gulch was very rich, as much as $50 to the
pan having been taken from some of the
rorges. There were also several gulches near
Keysville, French Gulch and Rich Gulch that
yielded thousands of dollars. Quartz mining
soon followed. The first quartz mine, the
Brother Jonathan, was discovered by Colonel
Richard Keys and worked by him for several
years and the ore worked in arrastras yielded
$100 per ton. The town of. Keysville was named
after him. Mining In Tulare County as it is
now began upon this side of the Sierra Mount
ains in the year 1851 by the discovery of a rich
quartz lode upon the south fork of White
River by Robert McCullough and Damon A.
Bullock. The ore yielded as much as $250 to
the ton in arrastras. This discovery led to
many others, prominent among which were tho
Eclipse No. 1 and the Eclipse No. 2, both of
which were worked by A. J. Maltby. The
Josephine, another rich mine, was opened by
John I>. Murphy and managed by David B.
James, who opened the mine and erected a mill
upon it. This mine produced with a very small
mill $10,000 per month and was sold afterward
to General George W. Gashwller, Mr. Birdseye,
John Henning and others.
The Mining and Engineering Review
has an interesting account of early min
ing in Tulare County. That paper says:
Early Mining in Tulare.
the way to Boston, the headquarters of
the Brown people. The Riverside mine in
Tuolumne County will soon resume op
erations with a large force of men. The
Union-Democrat says that work will be
confined to the two which are
now in respectively 900 and 2400 feet. The
ore is of low grade, but it is abundant.
The Western Mining World «»ets the
matter about right when it claims that
relatively only a small part of the mineral
realm of the West has been subjected to
thorough prospecting, and this portion is
well known through its gTeat producing
properties.. The greater part of the min
eral lands is almost unknown as regards
its true merit, having been subjected only
to the primary prospecting of the ex
plorer, and there is much virgin territory.
Many new mineral zones and districts
will be opened up by scientific men.
RUNNING WATER FAVORS MINERS
The profit and loss account of the
Continental' indicates that, the officers, of
this company, are , sagacious business
men, who have the interests of stock
holders constantly at heart. During. the
past year- the association had constantly
on hand an average: of : $100,000, which,
necessarily, was- the" means of reducing
the profits of the year. In order to re
duce this surplus cash on hand. the com
pany called . in a ¦ great deal : of the ! paid
up stock, so that to-day, the cash- on
hand-amounts to only a few dollars. uTo
the installment stockholders this will : be
gratifying intelligence.;. ;
Liabilities— Due on shares, $942,670 85-
A-E-B, $395,663 90: F, $435,420 50; I. $111 -
586 45; apportioned profits, $215,018 98: in
surance reserve, $26,846 SO; saved from life
insurance, $8878 36; death Ios3 accumula
tion, $1201 83;' dues, paid up and. prepaid
stock, $449,383 98; I "D" (old). $77,500; "C"
(old), $1239; "B," $65,478; "C," . . $319,258;
"D" (deposit), $55,283 98; "H," $625. Ad
vanced payments — A-E-G-I, $12,341 76'
"F,* $38,82138; loans due and incomplete
$166,119 34. All other liabilities— Interest
due paid up stockholders, $10,135 94; re
payments account mortgage • loans, $39,
656 26 ; real estate sold under contract
$3506 16; sundry accounts payable, $1205 06 '•
total, -. $1,915,786 70. • .. . . '
Earnings -for the year have been as
follows: , ¦
Class "A" and "I" stock, 9 per cent per
annum; class "F" «tock, 8 per cent per
annum; class "C" stock, 6 percent per
annum; class "D stock, .'5 , per cent per
annum.. :C •,'-¦".:. : ,
Assets— Loans .on mortgages, $1,423,
581 43; loans on stocks, $65;414 43: real es
tate, $201,07157; members' accounts -in ar
rears, $19,996 82; furniture and fixtures,
$1600; sundry advances secured by mort
gages, $23,220 33; real estate: sold under
contract, $39,5S9 95; .sundry debtors, $47,
689 79; cash in bank, $80,799 03; cash in of
fice, $6823 35; total, $1,915,786 70.
A recent report of the secretary o£ the
Continental shows that this institution
rests upon an exceedingly firm founda
tion. - Its stock amounts to $12,012,000.
Last year the company erected 156 dwell
ings, making a total of 850 in seven
vears. The statement of assets and lia
bilities of the Continental on July 1, 1901,
was as follows:
Next to the legacy of a good and hon
ored name that of the legacy of a home
to a family is perhaps the best. The only
way to secure a home, unless one is well
provided with money, is by the aid of the
building and loan associations. These
institutions, when conducted, according to
business principles, have been the salva
tion in a temporal sense of thousands of
residents of California. Among the insti
tutions of this class whose fame extends
over the coast, none is better or more
favorably known, than the Continental
Building and Loan Association of this
city. In the past seven years the Conti
nental has assisted 850 of its stockholders
in San Francisco to build their homes.
To these the thought of home, where
contented wives and romping children
find refuge against the chill blasts of ad
versity, is a source of unalloyed happi
ness. To them the complaint of the or
dinary renter that the building of a
home by the installment plan is a "re
sponsibility" which careful men should
shun as a frightful danger, is> absolutely
meaningless. Their homes paid for after
a few years of thrift, they are in a posi
tion ,to enjoy the comforts of life, while
the renter who declined to accept the
"responsibility" of paying a stipulated
monthly sum to the Continental for a
term of years still continues to pay rent
without being able to show anything as
the fruit of years of labor. To this un
fortunate man who has let the eojden op
portunity slip, there is little save 1 annoy
ance, vexation- and trouble in* store, and
when he is overtaken by sickness, unable
to pay his rent, then comes the crowning
shame and agony— eviction.
To the earnest wage earner whose- love
for hjs family is the all-pervading senti
ment of his existence, the question of a
home is of paramount importance. Plow
to secure a home on the easiest terms in
order to avoid the payment of rent and
to place his loved ones 'beneath a shel
tering roof from whence they can never
be evicted because of non-payment of a
monthly tribute to the landlord, are con
siderations which demand the attention
of every thoughtful man of, family.
Homes Erected for Nearly
Nine Hundred Stockhold
ers in Seven Years. ,
CONTINENTAL IS A
STRONG CONCERN
¦ ¦ The pres'ent ' outlook then is that ', the cor
poration ' idea which has ; taken such ;. a : hold
on • the feat . estate; community .will continue
for the reasons- stated, * and the. result cannot
but be beneficial to the city as a whole." These
companies reduce - the element ' of speculation
to a minimum, - t but - when . they ; do . improve
property ' it ; is ; on ; a • scale commensurate ¦ with
the dignity of the city. Should- the corporation
idea'. be ' extended- on, the r lines, that 1 have: 1 at
least been decided ¦ upon there ¦ will be no' more
finely situated - block fronts ; laid J out ••' wtlh . a
collection of ' inharmonious ' and : inadequate
Concerning the corporations that ; have
been organized in New York the
year to deal , in real estate the .Herald
says:: v\..--\ - ' '¦ >V '¦ '¦ ; /:;^>'- ; : ?. J :,
Heal Estate Corporations.
I And just here comes in the difference between
the purchaser of . the early seventies and, the
purchaser of .the"; twentieth century." ;"¦ The real
estate broker or operator at the present time
must • show . the buyer tenants or a very fair
reason or. reasons why there should be tenants
for a house built on a lot in the outskirts or
he cannot sell. I^ast, spring's operations, for
Instance, were very largely speculative in char
acter, but all of them were based on sound
business principles.' ; That Is to say. they either
followed the development of • settled portions
of the city along n«w lines or they : depended
for their success ( on the ; construction | of such
very ¦ real and • important t improvements ; In « tha
way of traffic - arrangements as ' the under
ground road. -There was'little or no buying in
the wilderness, for,' of . course,'; New York, 1 like
every other big city ¦ of ' the; v world, ; has 'its
wilderness. \. _ . L . ;
. Concerning tfre present conditions in
New .York the Herald hast much to say
that is of interest all over the country.
An extract from. an exhaustive article is
as follows: :
The real estate experts consider that there
is at hand a real estate •' movement that has
not bsfin equaled since the early seventies,
when New York went' mad on the subject of
land on Manhattan Island. The fever of the
seventies was largely due to the extensive pub
lic Improvements projected and begun . by the
Tweed regime in the'way ot public parks and
boulevards. The spirit of that time was largely
of a boom character on a grand scale and when
the financial crash came the boom prices suf
fered the reaction that might have been .ex
pected as a result of over speculation. , . %
The New York Herald says that, the
coming, fall promises to -be one of 'the
liveliest in the,Mstory of New York in the
realty market. This activity began a year
ago, and the present month of September
is eagerly looked to by the brokers. The
Herald says: ...
Realty in the East.
Fresno will have a new Presbyterian
church on plans of Architect Fred H.
Meyer. It will cost $25,000. •.
The Cypress Lawn Cemetery ; Associ
ation has awarded contracts for the. con
struction of a seven-story and. basement
apartment house on the north line of
Turk street,' west from MaBon.
The two-story and basement .building to
be erected for the Standard Electric Com
pany on the east line of Vermont- street,
north from Alamcda street, wil cost
$20,000.
Two buildings to contain flats will be
erected for M. Simonoff, which will
jointly cost $27,000. One building will be on
Broderick street and will contain , three
flats. The other will stand on the north
west corner of Broderick and Haight
streets, and in this will be six fiats.
. A new Methodist church structure will
be built at Union and Octavia streets. .
The eleventh annual statement of the
Pacific States Savings, Loan and Building
Company shows -that in its assets are in
cluded $884,239 70 in loans on real estate.
The gross earnings of the last year were
$122,537. The company, has real estate to
the value of 175,532- taken under fore
closure, which tbe management is holding
for better prices in view of the prospects
for a movement in the near future. In
the assets ara also included $66,636 of per
manent real estate, including holdings
that pay an income. In the "last year
stock matured to the amount of $87,701 75,
upon which there was profit of $2S,101 25.
The Lawrence property in San Mateo
has been leased through the agency of
David Bush & Son to George M. Pull
man for a period -of six months with a
privilege of extension, to one year.
D. O. Mills has just made a turn which
netted him a orofit of $100,000 in realty in
New York City. The property is on the
easterly side of Fifth avenue, between
One Hundred and Fourth and One Hun
dred and Fifth streets. The selling price
was, more than $400,000. "In 1899 Mr. Mills
paid for this property $300,000. .The size of
the lot is 201:10 feet on Fifth avenue, 125
feet on One Hundred and Fourth street
and 200 feet on One Hundred and Fifth
street. ' .
Earnings Are Reported.
Several real estate transactions of con
siderable eizo ' have been reported during
the last week. J. H. Epeck and J, B. Roc
ca, executors, have sold to Albert Joseph
for $64,000 Nos, 203 to 211 Mason street.
The lot is, 60 by 77:6 feet and is improved
with a three-story frame building. This
sale has 'been confirmed by the Probate
Court. The property corners on Latham
place.. It' Is a part of the estate of Jen
nie C/- McCauley. The Horace Hawes
ranch in San Mateo County has been soW
for about $150,000 to W. E. Hebbard of New
.York." The ranch includes something more
than 600 acres and has upon It costly
buildings. The transaction was. -carried
through by-Bovee, Toy & Sonntag. O. C.
Sage has bought, through the agency of
McAfee Brothers, from the Mazes estate,
lot 97:6 by 137:6 on the north line of Broad
way, 137:6 feet west from Broderlck street,
the price being $25,000. On this lot a hand
some residence will be erected. - ¦
McAfee Brothers also report the sale of
the block bounded by Lake street. Four
teenth and Fifteenth avenues and the
Presidio line, for $14,000, the seller being
E. L. Lilienthal. The size of the block' is
355 by 227 feet. The same brokers have
slso sold the following: |
House and) lot on the northwest corner of
Pine and Pierce effects, for M. C. EUls- to
George U Kenael for $7500; lot 25x129 on the
wes t line of Baker street, 100 feet north from
Grove, for $4000; lot on the southwest comer
of Spruce and Washington streets, 63:9x127:8
feet, for $12,500; lot on the south line of Clay
street 37:6 feet north from Cherry, 33x102:3*4,
for $1500. :
Easton, Eldridge & Co. announce an
auction sale of miscellaneous properties
to take place on September 10. The con
cern reports that business is moving along
satisfactorily. Four auction sales are
planned to occur at intervals In the near
future. There is a good demand for eli
gible properties. ...
. Transfers Are Recorded. >
. Deeds have been placed on record dur
ing the last week involving transfers of
real* property as follows:
Nathan Bush to Charles and Harry Bush,
15x75 feet op the, northwest line of Fol3om
street, 50 feet southwest from Harriet, for
$8000; William and Jennie McBrlde to James
McBride. 27:6xlS7:6 on the north line of Kills
street, 1C9 feet east from Octavla. for $10,000;
estate of Emma . Buckley to Worthington
Ames. 20x80 on the northwest line of Market
street, 22:8 feet southwest from Montgomery,
for $80,000; estate of Catherine Larkln to
Charles M. Myrlck, 55x120 on the south line
of Bush street, 110 feet west from Polk, $13,000;
estate of Simon Siegel to E. C. Priber, south
west corner of Sutter and Pierce streets, 87:6
x87:6 $19, 5C0; Simon Popper to Emma Joseph,
50x120 en the north line of Bush street, 115
feet east from Octavla, $8300.
The Probate Court has confirmed the
sale of the north corner of Sixth and
Clementina streets from the estate of Mil
ton Lambeth to Gustave HarshaU for
$21,450.
One of the large mortgages of the week
is for $82,000, being the Mercantile Library
Ass,ociation to the Hibernia Savings and
Loan Society, the property being the real
ty held by the Mercantile Library Asso
ciation on the northeast corner of Van
Ness, and Golden Gate "avenues. This was
a renewal of the* old loan. The lot, on
which there is a fine building for library
and office purposes, is 109 by 120 feet.
Other loans of the week of some size are
the following:
Henry E. Bothln to the Hibernia Savings »nd
I/oan Society for $10,000, property on the east
line ¦-of Guerrero street. 140 feet south froni
Fifteenth; E. P. Gray to the Kerckhoff-Cuzner
Mill and Lumber Company for $101,449, prop
erties on' Sacramento, Maple, Clay, Jackson
and , Hyde streets and property In othqr coun
ties. The releases of the week were small.
Several years ago the Baxter family
from Cheyenne acquired the handsome
house just adjoining the Hughes' ; brown
stone mansion. Cornelia was a mere girl
In years then and wore short dresses. She
and Gerald Hughes were drawn into each
other's company a great deal. The an
nouncement of their engagement was re
ceived with applause by society. Then
came the jilting, the marriage to Tevis
and .¦ the death of the millionaire. Now
Gerald Hughes has bought the Denver
home of his- former sweetheart and it is
for sale to any one except the Baxters
at the price paid for it recently by the
young lawyer.
The Baxters are leaving Denver, It is
openly said, because of its social frigidity,
because of the silent boycott of Gerald
Hughes and his many warm friends. But
it Is equally certain that ex-Governor
Baxter would have never sold his beauti
ful home if he had known that Gerald
Hughes was . the purchaser. When he
transferred it to Tyson Dines last week
for a consideration of $40,000 he supposed
he had sold it to Mr. Dines for a home.
He did not know that Dines had a com
mission from young Gerald Hughes,
backed up with $100,000 in cash, to buy the
Baxter home at any price. The dally
sight of the Baxters so close to his own
home was unpleasant to him. He de
termined to buy the Baxter house to cst
rid of the family. He has a fortune of
his own and he placed $100,000 of it In the
hands of the Porter Investment Company,
to use as needed for the purchase of the
Baxter family's home. He did not buy It
for an investment and certainly not to
live in himself. He just bought it because
the Baxter home was too close to his own.
Society people in Denver who knew all
about the -love' affair between young
Hughes arid the then Miss Cornelia Bax
ter said the jilting was all because Hugh
Tevis was supposed to be several times
a millionaire while the amount of C. J.
Hughes' fortune was not known. Of late
it has transpired that C. J. Hughes Jr.,
instead of being worth only a paltry half
million, increased his fortune a million
and a half or more last year in mining
Investments. '
DENVER, Augr. 31.— Gerald Hughes, con
of C. J. Hughes Jr., has purchased the
home of the Baxters. Mrs. Cornelia Bax
ter-Tevis jilted him for the millionaire
California widower, Hugh Tevis, who died
in Japan just one month after the wed
ding- " "
Special "Dispatch to The Call.
Man "Who Was to Wed Mrs.
Tevis Purchases Her
Former Home.
Eastern Capitalists Look For
ward to^ a Great In-, .
crease in Activity.
Prices 'Realized on Sale
Show the Basis
for Values.
¦ • 1
Interesting Feature in
Sale of a Denver
Mansion.
REALTY BRINGS
GOOD RETURNS
HUGHES BUYS
BAXTER HOUSE
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 1, 1901.
19
#**% Rupture Cured;
L \ ¦£& Tia celebrated California In-
•]*! /-%.&££ v?ntor, Dr. Pierce, discorered
aY^yTTjR th»t the only remedy for Rup-
\5 jCmL-M tore Is Electricity, and Is per-
1 v-~&?3 ' fectingr his wonderful Electro-
£&±A& J^?*rV *H Magnetic Truss and esUb-
P^'^' S >&>i.'^a& lishingits sale throughout
MwJSJHl' the world - he e*' 6 to iUf -
mW^^aHBKt fexersfromthisdangerou*
Si*^^^HBBBj. malady tha reUef and s^
•^\»j|l7 elBewhere.Thisrtnoinsed 1
•• A 'VflP? r ippllaace la radically dif-
ferent from all others and its action on th«
ruptured parts is quick and effective ' Cure*
accomplished by its us© are numbered by the.
thousand. If raptured investigate- at once. Call
or send a 2-cent stamp for new " Booklet No. I."
Address Magnetic Truss Co., 1145 Broadway (near
26th St.), Now York, or 206 Post St., SanTrancisco.
- N ABER, ALFS & BRUNE, A*enta,
323 Market St., S.F.— (Send for Circulars.)
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
ISA GREAT RESTORATIVE. JNVIGORA-
a tor and Nervine. ¦
Tbe most wonderful aphrodisiac and Special
Tonic for the Sexual Organs, for both sexes.
The Mexican Remedy for Diseases of th» Kid-
neys and Bladder. Sells on its own merits.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
GuresThe Sick Free,
New Treatment for Restoring the Afflic-
ted to Health Discovered by
Dr. U. 6. Lipes.
THE REMEDY IS FREE FOR ALL.
Perrons rufferinr from disease in any of Its
varloum forme should write to Dr. U. G. Lipes.
Hit Stevenson Bid*.. Indianapolis, Ind., lor a
free trial of his remarkable treatment for th«
cure of any weakened or unnatural condition of
the huir.an body. There is no doubt of the doc-
tor's ability to cure, for he has made the study
of dieeate a life work and
DR. U. C. LIPES.
thoroughly understands th» 6ubject. He cures
consumption, bronchitis, asthma, catarrh, heart
disease, kidney and bladder troubles and rheu-
matism in so Ehort a time that poople wonder
why they Buffered as long: as they did.
His treatment Tor liver complaint, neuralpia,
nervousness, bad blood, pimples, scrofula; etc.
is truly wonderful in its effect, and its marvel-
ous power ia felt from the very first day's ub*.
Gout, dropsy, partial paralysis, locomotor
titaxla. DyspepBla, debility or weakness In any
form quickly yields to tbe Influence of Dr. IJpes'
new treatment.
The doctor's theory 1« that no matter what
the primary cause may be, all disease remains
In the human eyetem on account of a disordered
condition of the blood or nerves, or both. Tak-
ing this Principle for a working- basis, he de-
votes his entire energy to the purifying of the
blood and* placing the nervous system In a
strong, healthy condition, eo these two great
•ources of life may throw off and resist com-
pletely the ravages of any disease whatever.
~ To prove the truth of his claims Dr. Lipes Is ol-
Vring to all sufferers without exception a free
rial of hi* wonderful treatment. Her wants
rou to tell Wm the nature cf your affliction
»bea you write for free treatment.
gSJi CHICHEVTER'8 ENGLISH
Q _/r.~v Ontaal *m Oarr fftra t»> -- -~
A/f{J£vM^ l " chiChester-s ej(g£Sh
£"**^W?N^ ta BCD and Cold agttUfe box**. mlt4
la 1tIlbll " ril>t>on - T»ke Soother. Mtikm
If f& •¦»<!" Relief for L-.i!^.» im. l~t~. b7?i!
• - T~^" V V *" *>"&«*, • '- Ch Iche.ter Ctie-leal C«,
llsaCon lilt p»;«r. Jtf adlt«& »uo*re, P JBLLLA-, V4g
MISCELIAKTEOPS. '_'_ \ ¦ ¦ .., .
[Ji^^CSjrC^jrRADE IN THE MISSION.
PATTOSIEN GO.
Cor. 16th and Mission Streets.
Bargains you will admit are amazing.
Your choice of all those reliable hand-polished and solid oak £br"7 EL(T\
tables for which all season we received $12, $15, $20, $25, 5f| / i
for only $U.00, $12.50, $10.00 and *¥ § n 9% r.'r^
Choice to-morrow of 500 dining Box-seat diners which formerly
chairs— broken lots and odd chairs, sold here and sell throughout the
that formerly sold up to $3— pick city to-day at $5.00 — your choice
them out at • • v .$/.5O for • S3.OO
New Fall PattehiijnVarpei^^
are all new and nobby, and made by the most reliable manufacturers. All
the new colorings in foreign and domestic fabrics. Let us lay a rug or
pretty carpet aside for you. The mills will not duplicate many of the
styles we now show— and our prices, as every one knows, are always
much lower than anywhere else.
"We call your special attention to our magnificent line of WILTON VELVETS, new Al AA
and original designs and color effects, suitable for parlor, dining-room, library and hall and I I ll I
stairs, rcg-ular pricc $1.25, this week your choice of over 20 patterns Up llUU
Samples to .Country.Customers Free. \~5;\
FINE LACE CURTAINS.. ¦^^¦1
Curtains bought at a price that forcibly illustrates
the Bargain-giving power of this department.
One of the phenomenal features of this sale is a handsome, genuine w^*^^^**^S ;: i CW'^r^'^Sj
Arabian lace panel, 39x55, Sop sash curtains, dooi's, ctc.,j^e»c llwBav^i^iJ/^ Ha
positively worth $1.50, at * *2 «^^^W*^ffi
You know by the price that the maker took a loss, but that's your |p§)S
gain. These amazing lace curtain bargains warrant us in believing that jj§j lf^K/\lyl iBM
we will break all selling records this week. . l|| || j5&f**^^^*^jgsS»^
S3. 85 Swiss Tambour and Brussels Parlor Curtains,
These curtains purchased in the regular way wcu!d sell for $5 00. fflMS!M T^^^M^
Think of the great saving at $3.85.
&7.5O real Brussels and hand- &4.OO Brussels, Irish point and $9.75 renaissance curtains — fin-
made renaissance curtains— at this Battenberg lace curtains— not a pair est French laces— exceptionally elabor-
price the designs grow into the gorge- in this immense lot which is worth less ate — $15 to $17.50 is the actual value of
ous, magnificent effects, such as usu- than $6.00 — most of them worth much these — and there is virtually no end to
ally sell at $12.50. '<.'*• more. ?2.OO lace panels at 75c. ¦ the assortment displayed.
Unusually special— &>5.15 ruffled net bed sets— just 20 in the lot— never sold under $ JO
heretofore — all full size, with bolster covers to match — elaborately trimmed with lace — great bargains
— 20 — no more.
'KCZr^O^ADS^llEAD^fo^AfT^SsiEl>P^
Pleasant
Hours
Swiftly.Flying—
Those spent on tha
California Limited
as it rushes and races
-/7-'p ; across the country from
San Francisco to Chicago
in 75 hours.
I<eaves San Francisco at.
9 a. m. every Monday
and Thursday on tha
Santa Fe
BEST FOU Tsic
If you haren't a rcrular, healthy movement of the
bowels every day, you're JU or will be. Keep your
bowoisopon.andbo well. Force, In the shape or vio-
lent phTEic or pill poison, is dangerous. The smooth-
est, easlott. most perfect way of keeping the bowels
clear and clean is to tako ¦ ' ¦
EAT J EW1 LIKE CANDY
Fleaeant, Palatable, Potent. Taste Good, Do Good,
Never Sicken, Weaken, or Gripe. 10, 23, and 60 cents '
Eer box. Write for free sample, and booklet on
oalth. Address ...•-•- ••-¦..:¦•¦ 133
BTERLISO BEIEDT COBPAST, CHICAGO or KEff TORK.
KEEP YOUR BLOOD; GLEAN
... Ai^vj&mxsmvi piM'i'B.
I This looks like j)
la package of 1]
** IWonderful ll
remover II
• WONDERFUL , . I We print the front of ll
' JP**iSB^tev v^ ' a P ac^ a Se here so you Iff
¥1 Xft . a all can see just exactly' m
h ¦* a 3 When you pro to the
\y iSlHL. P druggist for a bottle ol^
Y^^Ss^i^yV mand the genuine and
see that you get it.
/iSSpni aBBliii^" S Don ' t let the drawwt
¦ , pAlPi JJdmH/KP -'-•' ¦>*¦-' B * Halpruner! I
Riienma^^m^Malaria dur& ||§|§ .^ ll
Directions for IntsrntI and Extarna! lisas. I famUy medicine— it will IB
For Cramps, Pains, Colic, Cholera, Cholera* Mpr- 1 A ¦ ' j T -i:-.v^ «« B &
bus. Pleurisy, Indigestion, Dyspepsia, Dysentery, H cure ana rell " e 50 IR
Diarrhaa, Colds and La^Grlppe-Dose { one tea- g manv th j n?s con . 81
spoonful in a wineglass fall of •water every- hour »••--¦• -. n B ¦
until cured. . . B stantly annoy the mem- fa I
For Rheumatism, Neuralgia, Malaria, Ague, Con- H ¦¦ ,:* '.',« B
"" stipation, Skin, Liver <r.d Kidney Disease. Dose: j bers Ot the household. I aj
% to I tablespoonful in ft wine glass full of water § _ . . ... ¦¦
every four hows until cured. : . | For instance, it quickly ¦¦
For Trachitis, Bronchitis,. Consumption, and In- ¦ %*,-,!* rt1 ». f>rtti«»« flaS
ternal Catarrh. Dose: }i to I tablespoonful in a | ntals cnl3 ' Drmses, jS M
wine glass full of water or milk every four hours, I_ .& Tts burns, lacera- MS
and inhale tie vapor of the medicine,-full streegth. g gj H
unti| cured. g tions ; stops head- H tt
.¦ For Sore Throat, Diphthertk and Catarrh: dilute B - , , . 5} Si
one teaspoonful of the medicine in a wine glass full H aches, tOQtnacnc. in- |H
of water and spray or gargle the throat every one g flammation ; cureslB
to four hours, and bathe the neck often with tae H . II
'medicine, 'full strength, until c^red. - R sprains, lameness, sore a a
. For T«nh«che. Headache, Sprains, Lame Back, g an d tired joints, SOre ¦ M
Fain in- Chest, Mosquito, Flea, Spider, Animal H ra U
Bite8,:Bee'Stings, Corns, Bunions and Chilblains, a throat, colds. H
Swollen Feet, Pains and Swellings, apply the med- 8 ¦ . ¦ ' ." 68 H
icine, full- strength, until cured. ,--;¦• • ,-¦. f. We print herewith a SB
For Cuts, Burns, Drstses, Scalds, Ulcerated Sores, H , {,__, _ „«„?!« m B
Poison Oak and Ec&ma, dilute the medicine ia | ltUeT lrom a cn "C- | B
water and apply until cured. B man who has used this 8 n
niriIZO BY TBS - ' ' fj tnarllrina fnr 3 T11imhl>r 2 R
• ULP1UIE1 IEDIGIL MRUFUTUHIB.60^ 1 ™f 1i?n K s He"^!!
28 CALIFORNIA STREET. 5. P. R OI lmn^' nc 13 K , U f B
pricc $1. W to tell every one what ¦ ll
'¦"'¦"""^ B a really prood remedy 9 U
IB " Dr - Halpruner— Dear Sir: Having used your medicine la
SB B for poison oak, a sprained ankle and a very troublesome nil
B & corn, I also gave a little to a friend of mine who has been fa ¦&
IB troubled with rheumatism for the last six months. He ]]|
¦ ¦ used it four days steady and the rheumatism has all dis- S3 S
0H appeared. I can truthfully recommend it to all persons m M
H fa troubled with the same complaints as I had. I have never I *J
B B found its equal. You can use this with pleasure. a Ja
11 "A. H. DALY, 501 Davis at." IB
H In Dr. Halpruner's office are over 5000 names of S'S
li people who have used Dr. Halpruner's Pain Re- gjf
o8f mover with much success and satisfaction — demand ffw
Sa - ne genuine. M B
II j$& Ipru tier's u
11 your drug"gist doesn't keep it, write direct to *¦
ll Halpruner Medical Manufacturing Co., 2S California ll
BH street, San Francisco, Cal. ||
lljffl APPLICATION
3i£2fci£r3J, To art work, book study,
m T m T M^^" or any vocation access!" 3
tatJng unu=u?l use'of the eyes is ,
Habit to , weaken them or aqgra"
vatt whatevir natural weakness
, th;y may possess. > A ©air of our
i ; ' glasses 'will , correct? th= iroub e
1 permanently. You; can rely
: v upen a perfect fit
SlANDAB96PTpi(p.
jglSf Kearnei/St- S^E'TO SAIL. '
FROM SEATTLE.
United States Coast and Geodetic > Survey-
Times, and- Heights of "High .and Low
Waters at Fort : Point, entrance to : San
j Francisco Bay. Published by. 1 , official ¦ au
¦ thority of the Superintendent. -,, • ;:-';/ZC ¦
NOTE — The high anrl low waters occur at
the city front" (Mission-street, wharf) ahoul'
twenty : flve • minute? ; later than , at Fort \ Point;
Sun, Moon and Tide.
Petitions in Insolvency.
Petitions in insolvency were filed yes-
United States Circuit Judge Morrow will
hold court on Monday morning for the
purpose of hearing motions on the law
calendar, etc. The United States Circuit
Court of Appeals will also sit for the pur
pose of receiving a motion to grant are
hearing to ex-Judge Dudley Dubose now
serving, a six months' -sentence in the
Alameda County Jail for contempt of
court. .--¦-•"*
Court of Appeals Opens To-Morrow,
HIOGO— Arrived previous to Aug 31— Stmr
Tang-tze, from Liverpool, via Hongkong, etc
for Seattle. ¦ ; . ¦
Stmr America MaruJ from San Francisco, via
Honolulu, for Hongkong.
HONGKONG— Arrived previous - to Aug 31—
Stmr Coptic, from San Francisco, via Honolulu
and Yokohama.
Barge Santa Paula, McGovern, . Ventura, in \
tow of tug Rescue.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, Aug 31— 10 p. m.— Weather
thick, wind northwest; velocity "8 miles per
hour. ; »
-^ - SPOKEN.
July 8, lat 10 S, Ion 35 W— Ship Roanoke, from
Norfolk, for San Francisco.
DOMESTIC PORTS. .
TACOMA— Arrived Aug 31— Schr Americana, I
from Eleele. Sailed— Schr Ethel Z Zane, for
San Pedro.
PORT LUDLOW— Arrived Aug 31— Ger ship
Pera, from Port Townsend.
SEATTLE— Arrived Aus 30— Stmr Al-Ki. from !
Skapuay. Sailed — Stmr Nome City, for Nome.
Sailed Aug 31 — Stmr Mackinaw, for San Fran-
Cisco. ¦:,:¦-: . . v ' - »
BALLARD— Arrived Aug 30-Schr Nokomls,
from Port Townsend. ... * .
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived Aug 30— Ship J
B Thomas, from Honolulu. :
SAN PEDRO— Arrived Aus ' 31— Stmr Grace
Dollar, hence Aug 23. , Sailed— Schr Louise, for
Umpqua.
BALLARD— Sailed Aug 31— Schr Falcon, for
San Francisco. .-.
SAN PEDRO— Arrived- Aug 31— Schr Chas E
Falk, from Grays Harbor. Sailed AuK 31 — Schr
Azalea, for Eureka. , . . v
PORT TOWNSEND— Passed in Aug 31-Stmr
Manuense, with broken crank shaft.
" SEATTLE— Arrived Aug 31— Stmr -Bonlta,
hence Aur 25. ~ • . .
•' NEAH BAT- Passed In 'Aug -31— Stmr -Wash
tenaw, hence Aug 28, for Tacoma. -. . .
TACOMA— Sailed Aug 31— Bktn Quickstep, for
San Francisco.*"!**;^?- ' . • •
GRAYS HARBOR— Arrived Aug 31— Schr A B
Johnson, from Eleele. - Sailed Aug 31— Bktn
Gardiner City, for San Francisco. . ' .
EUREKA— Arrived Aug-, 31— Stmr Pomona,
hence Aug 30; bktn Mary Wlnkelman, hence
auz 2i. ' :- -¦-,¦- . - •
FOREIGN PORTS. .:— '.
' YOKOHAMA— Sailed— Jap stmr Tosa Maru.
for Victoria.- - ' . ' . ¦ .
• HONGKONG— In port Aug 20— Ship Sea
Witch, for San Francisco. ' •
CAPE , FLATTERY— Passed Aug 31— Bark
Battle Abbey, from Honolulu, for Victoria.
, ; QUEENSTOWN— Arrived Aug. 31— Br ship
' Thomas, from Portland. . Or.'
'• MANILA— Arrived Aug. 31— Stmr' Algoa, from
' Seattle. - ,x- "¦ ¦ •-. ¦"->¦ • . — , . .
j ' OCEAN STEAMERS. —r -i
I NEW YORK— Sailed Aug 31— Stmr Patricia
* for Hamburg,' via' Plymouth and Cherbourg;
- stmr Etrurla, for Liverpool ; ; stmr . Trave, , for
Naples; | stmr Rotterdam, > via Boulogne; Btmr
-Ethiopia,, for- Glasgow; stmr Mesaba, for Lon
don.', -v -'.¦¦• • ¦ :-¦ - >¦._,, .
r , PRAWL POINT— Passed Aug 31— Stmr North
man. ¦ from Chicago. - } via , Sydney. C. '•: B.,- for
, Flushing. : Arrived Aug 31— Stmr Northwestern.
- from Chicago, via Sydney,: C.-B. - » - - \ .
I . ANTWERP— Arrived Aug 31— Stmr Zeelandia,
\>t rom : New.; York, i via Cherbourg and Southamp
ton. - Sailed "Aug 31— Stmr. Kensington, 1 : for >>cw
[ YoritCf *?=-" '-¦¦ ; -*'-¦. " ¦¦¦'¦•".: - " - ¦
i LIVERPOOL— Sailed Aug 31— Stmr Umbrla,
i for New York. . -. '. - .-¦¦•.-¦• . ¦ ¦
I QUEENSTOWN— Sailed Augl31— Stmr Celtic,
' from- Liverpool, f or j New 'York. • - -¦ . ¦•
¦ CHERBOURG-rSailed Aug 31-Stmr Phlladel
' phia/.from Southampton, for New -York.
¦: -. SAG RES— Passed - August .: 30— Stmr * Glenesk^
from 1 Tacoma, via Yokohama,', etc.; for London
I ; i YOKOHAMA— Arrived % previous c. to i Aug ¦ 31-J
¦-.*;¦¦•' - . ¦ -
SAILED.
/ ... .. • Saturday, AugU3t 31.
Sftnr Asuncion, Evans, Seattle. ¦ •
U S stmr Sheridan. Pierce, Manila.
Chll stmr Palena, Moon, Valparaiso.. , " •
Br fitmr Imogen. Edward, St. Vincent,: C. V.
Tuff Defiance, Trewren, for Coqullle River.
Ship George Curtis, Calhoun, Honolulu.
, Saturday, August 31. '
Stmr Matteawan, Croscup, 88 hours from Ta
coma.
' ' i CLEARED.
Saturday, August' 81.
Nor stmr Tltania,.- Egenes, Nanaimo; John
Rcsenfeld's Sons.
- Chll stmr Palena, Moon, Valparlso; Balfour,
Guthrie & Co. 1
Br stmr Imogen, Edward, St.. Vincent; G. W.
McNear. :
Br stmr Buckingham, Cole, Guayaquil, via
Noyo; \V. ¦#V-Grace & Co.
Stmr Maripoua, Rennle, "Honolulu; J. T>.
Spreckels &.Brcs. Co. . .
Stmr Oregonian, Williams, New York, via
Honolulu; Williams, Dimond & Co.
Stmr City of Para, Porter, Port Los Angeles;
Pacific Mall Steamship Co. • - . _
Ship Geo Curtis, Calhoun, Honolulu; Welch
& Co. '
Br ship Arracan, Donald, Queenstown; Girvin
& Eyre. \ .
Bark Coronado, Potter, Honolulu; J. D.
Spreckela & Bros. Co. „: . -
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
terday in the United States District Court
as follows: Angelo Caroslo, salesman, San
Francisco, liabilities $5142, no assets:
Enoch Turner, printer, Stockton, liabili
ties $641 o9. no assets: Chris J. Jensen,
merchant. Oakland, liabilities $1458 93, as
sets $330; Vincent. Eichenberger & Co..
merchants, Stockton, liabilities $1392, as
sets $597: George Vincent (of the same
company), liabilities $974 75, no assets: Ju
lius Eichenberger (of the same company),
liabilities $100. no assets; August Eichen
berger (of the same company), liabilities
$100, no assets.
Death of Captain Remington.
Captain Edward Remington of 429
Greenwich street died at the City and
County Hospital last Friday night from
shock following amputation of the leg.
His friends informed the hospital people
that he injured his leg nearly two weeks
ago at the Lurline baths.
A Cargo for Guayaquil.
The British steamer Buckingham cleared yes
terday for Guayaquil via Noyo with 1000 cases
blasting powder, valued at $6000. The steamer
will load 100,000 railroad ties at Noyo, valued
at $25,000.
The Palena's Cargo.
The steamer Palena cleared yesterday for
Valparaiso and way port3 with cargo manifest
ed up to 1 p. m. as follows: For Central Amer
ica, $8784; Mexico, $1838; Panama, $1625. The
cargo consisted of the following: " '. \
For Central America— 2655 bbls flour, BO cs
whisky, 1 bx groceries.
For Mexico— 206 gals wine. 25 flasks quicksil
ver, 19 cs hardware. 102 lbs seed, 9 pkgs gro
ceries, 1 cs electrical goods. ¦ ¦
TO ARRIVE:
Steamer Movements. *
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrographlc Office, V. 3. N., Mot
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, Cal.,
August 31. 1901. \
The time ball on the tower of the'new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day —
1. e., at noon of the 120th meridian, or at 3
o'clock p. m., Greenwich time.
C. G. CALKINS,
Lieutenant Commander, U. ,S. N., in charge.
The sentence Is wholly warranted by the ev
idence, but the rapidly passing away of the
conditions of war, more, it is believed, than
any ether consideration, has- moved the 'de
partment commander, in' approving the sen
tence, to cive the accused the benefit of a
doubt as to his actual criminal knowledge of
tha barricading of his warehouse.
the hsight of tide is the same at both places.
__ ' SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 1. "~~ \
Sun rises - ; :;9
Run sets 6:40
Moon ltscs ; 8:03 p . m.
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given in the -left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time; the
fourth time column gives the last tide of the
day. except when there are but three tides, as
sometimes occurs. The heights given are In
addition to the soundings on the United States
Coart Survey charts, except when a minus ( — )
sign precedes the height, and then the number
given is subtracted from the depth given by
the charts. The plane of reference is the mean
of the lower low waters.
The British steamer Imogen cleared yesterday
for St. Vincent for orders.with 117,112 ctls bar
ley, valued at $104,000. and 30,000 feet of lumber
dunnage, valued at $600.
The British ship Arracan cleared yesterday
for Queenstown for orders with 20^381 ctls
wh^at, valued at 20,300; 5S.572 ctls barley, valued
at $52,700, and 21,000 feet of lumber as dunnage,
valued at $313.'
Shipment of Grain.
MARIPOSA SAILS TO-DAY.
3>elayed Owiag to Immense Quantity
of Freight for Honolulu.
The Oceanic Steamship Company's Mar-
The. Australia has been chartered prior to
arrival to load wheat and barley for Europe
at 27s 6d; the Astral, same with option of
loading barley for New York, at $725: the Al
bert, merchandise at Seattle for the
Coryphene. lumber at Everett for Salina Cruz;
the Ema Louisa, lumber at Blakeley for Valpa
raiso (ownpr's account); the Elwell, coal at
Oyster Harbor for this port; the Fort George,
lumber at Chemainus for Port Pirie; the Kat»
F. Troop, lumber on Puget Sound for Buenos
Ayres, 60c. chartered in England, prior to ar
rival, v,
Shipping Merchants.
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
NEWS' OF THE OCEAN.
Every berth on the Guatemala has been
taken and every ounce of frieght she can
carry lg waiting to be put aboard as soon
as she is unloaded. She was docked at
HowarB-Etreet wharf as soon as the Pa
lena went out and the work of discharg
ing her began at once. »
The Compania Sud Americana de Va
pores' Palena sailed for the south yester
day. She will only stop at Mazatlan and
Panama on her way to Valparaiso, as she
has to be at the latter port in time to
take up her regular run on the new sched
ule. She was not to have sailed from
here until the 4th inst.. but was hurried
away without any passengers and but
little freight in order to catch up. The
Pacific Steam Navigation Company's
Guatemala, which arrived a few days ago
with a cargo valued at more than $303,000.
will take her place on the run and will
get -away next Wednesday. The next
steamship will be the Colombia, sched
uled to arrive on the 9th inst., and. ac
cording to the fortnightly schedule, she
will get away on the 18th inst.
THE Pacific Steam Navigation
Company and the Compania ,Sud
Americana v de Vapores inaugurat
ed a bimonthly service between
here and Central and South Amer
ican ports. Since the advent of the Kos
mos line and the putting en the run of
the steamships of the above lines the
trade between San Francisco and the
ports of Mexico. Central and South Amer
ica has grown with leaps and bounds and
all the vessels engaged in it are doing a
big business. The Pacific Mail has suf
fered in consequence and quite a number
of its Panama fleet is tied up.
Joseph Country got badly squeezed on
the shio Pleiades yesterday. He got be
tween a descending coal bucket and the
deck. He was treated at the Harbor Hospi
tal for an abrasion of the cheek and a
contusion of the thigh.
R. E. McCullough. for some years pri
vate secretary to Captain Barneson on
the transport wharf, has resigned .his po
sition and is now studying law. Mr. Mc-
Cullough made a host of friends during
his stay on the water front. '
Para, Oregonian, Titania, Palena, Imogen
and Buckingham and the ships Arracan
and George Curtis and barkentine Qoro
nado. The Imogen, laden with wheat,
got away during the afternoon for Europe
and the Palena for South America, while
the Arracan, laden, with- wheat, and the
others will get away to-day.
The British ship Battle Abbey arrived on
Puget Sound yesterday, she was forty
three days cut from Honolulu and 20 per
cent was paid on her.
The American ship Roanoke was spoken
July S in latitude 10 degrees south, longi
tude 35 degrees west. At one time 45 per
cent was paid on her and on August 17
they were still offering 12 per cent in Eng
land.
iposa did not get away for Honolulu yes
terday. The work of loading her did not
begin Friday morning and more than
2000 tons of freight for the islands
could not be got on board in time for her
to get away yesterday at 2 p. m. She
will get away at 10 a. m. to-day. Her
cabin passengers will be the following
named:
Miss S. McLain, Miss M. Grace, Miss A. Ta
ber, Mrs. H. P. Benson, Miss M. C. Lofquist,
Miss Cooledge, Miss N. B. Forsythe, Miss Ly
sett. Miss II. W ; Gunn, W. S. Withers and
wife. Miss Carol Peterson, Mrs. B. F. San
dow. Miss E. Breckenridge. N. J. Wilson and
wife. Miss E. Jones. Mrs. T. F. Sedgwlck, A.
D. Baldwin, L. C. Howland, Miss E. C. Lyons,
Miss R. R. Weir, L. P. Miller and wife. Miss
B. G. Clark, Mrs. wT A. Clark, Mrs. Montague
Turner and maid Miss E. Quint, Miss M. Egaa.
Mls5 M. Merrill, Mrs. L. Mathews. W. A.
ShenV. S. J. Marsh. E. S. Hallenstein. S. L.
Rumsey, W. H. Grelnwell. E. Kopke, C. A.
Elston and wife, James Wakefield, T. H. Ben
ton. C. A Watson. George Chalmers, R. C.
Lydecker, H. H. Howard, E. E. Hendricks. H.
McKay Harrison. R. J. Henderson. E. H.
Austin. A. H Pollard. Mrs. H. J. James. Mrs.
E. W. Fuller. Mrs. Golinsky. A. B. Watson,
Fred C. Russell and F. J. Armstrong.
C. A. Watson' is going to Honolulu in
the interests of the Standard Oil Com
pany. That concern is Roins to establish
a large distributing station in the islands
and Mr. Watson will superintend the
starting of the enterprise.
A. B. Watson is well known in business
circles here and goes to Honolulu to open
offices with the Van Hamm- Young Com
pany. He has the agency of the Queen
Insurance Company under Rolla V. Watt
and all the companies of Ed Brown &
Sons' insurance department. Mr. Watson
was for years with Captain Metcalf.
Lloyds' surveyor, and leaves a • host of
friends in Ran Francisco who wish him
weli In his new sphere.
Water Front Notes.
Among the clearances yesterday were
those of the steamships Mariposa, City of
COMPANIA SUD AMERICANA DE VAPORES' PALENA LEAVING HOWARD-STREET WHARF YESTERDAY
AND THE PACIFIC STEAM NAVIGATION COMPANY'S GUATEMALA IN THE STREAM WAITING TO TAKE
HER BERTH. THE TWO CONCERNS WILL I?UN A STEAMSHIP EVERY FORTNIGHT HEREAFTER.
Having deliberately cast In his lot with those
whose mode of warfare favored murder and as
sassination—of which he had a most barbar
ous examDle in the assassination of the pres
ident and vice president of Bay, because they
had accepted appointment under American au
•thority—he Is now estopped frbm appealing to
any other tribunal than those sanctioned by
I the laws and usages of war. To avoid this
conclusion the accused claimed that he was
dealing with a de facto insurgent government
and had a right, and by Implication was mor
ally bound to pay the taxes it imposid upon
interisland traffic. . /
Neither did , he lack the hardihood to as
sume the responsibility foj the arrangement
of the bales of stores in his warehouse in
available form \ as a barricade, but flinching
from tills ultimate responsibility, he denied
all knowledge of the purpose manifestly in
tended.
Haelterman was . In the employ of the
Philippine Trading Company. He was In
charge of a storehouse and violated the
laws of war by. piling in the storehouse,
which was constructed of nipa and bam
boo, sacks of copra or other material in
such a manner as to form a breastwork
of proper height to be used by Filipinos,
ana so constructed as to afford protection
against any rifle shots which might be di
rected against it from the position occu
pied by the troops of the Uniced States.
It also afforded protection from any rifle
fire which might be directed upon It from
the road between Calauan and Bay. anu
afforded a position from which an enfl
filade fire might be directed upon a certain
ditch toward the south of the quarters oc
cupied by the troops, and also afforded a
position from which fire mi«rht be directed
against the quarters occupied by the
troops, the front of the quarters or the
road or street in front of the quarters.
As a Belgian citizen Haelterman was
looked upon as neutral, and took advant
age of the freedom from espionage which
his position afforded. He made several trip3
to the camps of the Filipinos and on each
trip carried with him various sums of
money which he turned over to the in
surgent leaders. A complete record of the
moneys which he gave the insurrectos as
well as of the provisions which he gave
them from time to time was found in hi3
effects at the time of his capture, in ad
dition to a great deal of other incriminat
ing evidence. .. •
In reviewing the proceedings of the com
mission Brigadier General Barry said in
his official report:
The military commission which convened
at Manila on October 31, 1900, and was. in
session until a few days ago, convicted
Brix Haelterman, a Belgian, of "relieving
the enemy with money and victuals, har
boring an enemy and violation of. the laws
of war." The commission sentenced him
to be hanged, but the sentence has. been
commuted to confinement at hard labor
for r fifteen years. '. ': ¦
Sentence of Military Commis
sion Is Commuted to
Imprisonment
Condemned to Death on
Gallows for Aiding
Filipinos.
BELGIAN ESCAPES
HANGMAN'S NOOSE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAIiL., SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 1, 1901.
ENLARGED STEAMSHIP SERVICE
FOR SOUTH AMERICAN TRADE
Pacific Steam Navigation Company and Sister • C6n=
cerns to Run Vessels Every Fortnight,
20
Steamer. Destination.
September 1.
Mandalay.... Coqullle River ....
Marlposa Honolulu ..•»..;
Eureka Humboldt ...\ ..
Santa Rosa., S,an Diego & Way..
September SS. -
Arcata Coos Bay
San Pedro.... Humboldt
Point Arena.. Point Arena ...„'..
¦ September 3,
Robt. Dollar.. Seattle & Hadlock
•Walla Walla. Puget Sound Ports
Rair.ler Puget Sound Ports
Coronado Grays Harbor ......
September 4.
North Fork... Humboldt I
Pomona. ..... Humboldt ...:
Guatemala..-. Valparaiso & Way
Corona Redondo & Way...
H'k'g Maru.. China & Japan..'..
September C.
Eureka. Humboldt :.
St. Paul Nome.fc St Michael
¦ September 7.
Curacao Mexican Ports
San Jose '..Panama & Way..
f-erapls Hamburg & Way..
f September 8.
Santa Rosa . . .' San' Dlogo & | Way.
Umatllla..... i Puget Sound Ports
If-I
10 am
10 am
9 am
9 am
12 m
10 am
2 pm
5 pm
11 am
.......
.......I
Pwll st
Pier 7
Pier 13
Pier 11
Pier 13
Pier 3
Pier 2
Pier —
Pier 4
Pier 2
Pier 2
Pier.
¦
9 am
1:30 p
12 m
9 am
1 pm
Pier 2
Pier 9
Pier 10
Pier 11
PMSS
- ¦¦.-...
9 am
2 pm!
Pier 13
Pier —
10 am
12 m
12-; m
9 tim
11 am
Pier 11
PilSS
Pier. V
Pier 11
Pier 9
Steamer.'
Destination.
Sails.
Al-Kl .'. I Skaguay &¦ Way 'Ports. Sept. - 1
Santa Ana....'. Skaguay &-Way Ports. Sept. • 1
City of Topeka Skaguay & "Way Ports. Sept. 2
Senator Nome direct- ....;....... Sept. 3
Humboldt...... Skaguay &.\Vay Ports. Sept.- 3
Cottage City.:: Skaguay & Way Ports. Sept. 4
Farallon Skaguay & .Way Ports. Sept. ' 5
Chas. Nelson.. Skaguay &¦ Way Ports. Sept. - 5
Dolphin.. Skaguay & Way Ports. Sept.' 6
Queen....... Skaguay & Way Ports.^ept. 7
Portland \ Nome &St. Michael:. Sept. 10
Bertha.;. ... Valdez & Way Ports... Sept. 10
Steamer. i From. I Due.
From.
Due.
Bristol Comox V. Sept. 1
North Fork.... Humboldt Sepc. 1
Curacao........ Mexican Ports Sept. 1
Corona ".".... Bedondo & Way Ports Sept. 1
Pomona........ Humboldt : Sept. 2
Ventura Sydney & Way Ports. Sept. 2
Australia Tahiti . Sept. 3
China . ... China and Japan Sept. 3
Newport Panama & Way Ports. Sept. 3
Mackinaw...... Seattle .-. ISept. 3
Horda Oyster Harbor ..^Sept. 3
Umatilla Puget Sound Ports .... Sept. 4
Eureka HumboMt JSept. 4
Milton.... Nanaimo [Sept. -4
Orfi«cent City.. Crescent City |Sej>t. 5
Santa Rosa Ran Diego & Way Pts.lSept. P
Washtenaw.... Tacoma A... Sept. 5
Point Arena... Point Arena ..\....A..]Sept. 6
Pcmoi-a .... Humboldt jS»pt. 7
Ccrona. Redondo & WjlV Ports.lSept. 8
Colombia Valparaiso & Way Pts. Sept. 9
City Puebla.... Puget Sound Ports..... Sept. 'j
Czarina Seattle & Tacoma...". ..Sept. 11
Time Time Tifac Time
Date Ft. Ft. Ft. — Ft '
H W I. "VV H W L W
1 ... 0:36 5.3 6:43 1.0 1:10 5.6 7:20~~0~5
2... 1:56 5.0 7:30 1.5 1:52 5.7 8:16 0 3
3 ... 2:59 4.7 8:11 2.0 2:3S 5.7 V20 0 2
4... 4:11 '.4l P:06 2.5 3:28 5.7 10:30 0*3
5 ... 5:2!> 4.21 W:C!i 2.S 4:2S 5.6 11:41 0.1
6 ... C-4SI 4.2| 11:24 3.11 5:34 5.61
|L Wl |H Wf U W( III W •
7 ...| 0:5l| O.0| 7:5fi| 4.4 12:41 3.0 6:43 5.5
Steamer. Destination.
September 1.
Mandalay.... Coqullle River ....
Marlposa Honolulu ..•»..;
Eureka Humboldt ...\ ..
Santa Rosa., S,an Diego & Way..
September SS. -
Arcata Coos Bay
San Pedro.... Humboldt
Point Arena.. Point Arena ...„'..
¦ September 3,
Robt. Dollar.. Seattle & Hadlock
•Walla Walla. Puget Sound Ports
Rair.ler Puget Sound Ports
Coronado Grays Harbor ......
September 4.
North Fork... Humboldt I
Pomona. ..... Humboldt ...:
Guatemala..-. Valparaiso & Way
Corona Redondo & Way...
H'k'g Maru.. China & Japan..'..
September C.
Eureka. Humboldt :.
St. Paul Nome.fc St Michael
¦ September 7.
Curacao Mexican Ports
San Jose '..Panama & Way..
f-erapls Hamburg & Way..
f September 8.
Santa Rosa . . .' San' Dlogo & | Way.
Umatllla..... i Puget Sound Ports
If-I
10 am
10 am
9 am
9 am
12 m
10 am
2 pm
5 pm
11 am
.......
.......I
Pwll st
Pier 7
Pier 13
Pier 11
Pier 13
Pier 3
Pier 2
Pier —
Pier 4
Pier 2
Pier 2
Pier.
¦
9 am
1:30 p
12 m
9 am
1 pm
Pier 2
Pier 9
Pier 10
Pier 11
PMSS
- ¦¦.-...
9 am
2 pm!
Pier 13
Pier —
10 am
12 m
12-; m
9 tim
11 am
Pier 11
PilSS
Pier. V
Pier 11
Pier 9
Steamer.'
Destination.
Sails.
Al-Kl .'. I Skaguay &¦ Way 'Ports. Sept. - 1
Santa Ana....'. Skaguay &-Way Ports. Sept. • 1
City of Topeka Skaguay & "Way Ports. Sept. 2
Senator Nome direct- ....;....... Sept. 3
Humboldt...... Skaguay &.\Vay Ports. Sept.- 3
Cottage City.:: Skaguay & Way Ports. Sept. 4
Farallon Skaguay & .Way Ports. Sept. ' 5
Chas. Nelson.. Skaguay &¦ Way Ports. Sept. - 5
Dolphin.. Skaguay & Way Ports. Sept.' 6
Queen....... Skaguay & Way Ports.^ept. 7
Portland \ Nome &St. Michael:. Sept. 10
Bertha.;. ... Valdez & Way Ports... Sept. 10
Steamer. i From. I Due.
From.
Due.
Bristol Comox V. Sept. 1
North Fork.... Humboldt Sepc. 1
Curacao........ Mexican Ports Sept. 1
Corona ".".... Bedondo & Way Ports Sept. 1
Pomona........ Humboldt : Sept. 2
Ventura Sydney & Way Ports. Sept. 2
Australia Tahiti . Sept. 3
China . ... China and Japan Sept. 3
Newport Panama & Way Ports. Sept. 3
Mackinaw...... Seattle .-. ISept. 3
Horda Oyster Harbor ..^Sept. 3
Umatilla Puget Sound Ports .... Sept. 4
Eureka HumboMt JSept. 4
Milton.... Nanaimo [Sept. -4
Orfi«cent City.. Crescent City |Sej>t. 5
Santa Rosa Ran Diego & Way Pts.lSept. P
Washtenaw.... Tacoma A... Sept. 5
Point Arena... Point Arena ..\....A..]Sept. 6
Pcmoi-a .... Humboldt jS»pt. 7
Ccrona. Redondo & WjlV Ports.lSept. 8
Colombia Valparaiso & Way Pts. Sept. 9
City Puebla.... Puget Sound Ports..... Sept. 'j
Czarina Seattle & Tacoma...". ..Sept. 11
Time Time Tifac Time
Date Ft. Ft. Ft. — Ft '
H W I. "VV H W L W
1 ... 0:36 5.3 6:43 1.0 1:10 5.6 7:20~~0~5
2... 1:56 5.0 7:30 1.5 1:52 5.7 8:16 0 3
3 ... 2:59 4.7 8:11 2.0 2:3S 5.7 V20 0 2
4... 4:11 '.4l P:06 2.5 3:28 5.7 10:30 0*3
5 ... 5:2!> 4.21 W:C!i 2.S 4:2S 5.6 11:41 0.1
6 ... C-4SI 4.2| 11:24 3.11 5:34 5.61
|L Wl |H Wf U W( III W •
7 ...| 0:5l| O.0| 7:5fi| 4.4 12:41 3.0 6:43 5.5
' ADVEBTISZMENTS. 1
SENT FREE^ TO VM.EM! !
A Most Kemarkabl8 Remedy Th\t
Quickly. Restores Lost Vigor
to Men." : ":c
A Free Trial Paeka^i Sent by Mall |
to All Who, Writs. - i
Free trial packages of a most remark- '
able remedy are being ' mailed to ajl who
will "write the . State Medical Institute.
They cured so ; many men who had bat-
tled for years against the mental and
physical suffering of lost manhood that
the Institute has decided to distribute free
trial packages to air who • write. ' It is a '
home treatment," and' all men -who suffer
from any form of sexual weakness result- .
ing from youthful, folly, premature loss of
strength and memory, weak back, varico-
cele or emaciation, of parts can now cure
themselves' at home. ; ' ; :
The remedy ; has , a peculiarly grateful',,
eff e ct of warm th and seems to -a«t direct I
to' the desired* location," giving strength [
and. development just where It is needed. I
It cures all the ills and -troubles that come >
from years of misuse of the natural func-
tions and has been an absolute success in "
all cases: A, request to the State Medi- '
cal; Institute, 3?i Elektron building, Forf :
Wayne, Ind.v stating that ! you desire one'
of their free trial packages.will be com-
plied with promptly. The » Institute is^de- *
sirous of reachingthat great class of men I
who are unable to leave home to be treat-i
ed, and the, free samples will enable them'
to see how; easy it is tobe.cured of sex- I
ua! - weakness when the > proper j remedies
are employed. - The Institute makes no •
restrictions. Any man who writes wilf be I
sent ; a free sampled carefully % sealed<iri ! a"
plain ' package , r so } that ; its ; recipient ; need ¦
have, no fear of embarrassment ftr/pub-'
licity. "Readers are requested to 'write !
without delay.' ¦ ¦ ~--. : |
Disorders of Men
Z& *^^' T-wj ' * "
A Damaged Prostate
As a factor in 50=caIIed "Weakness"
Cannot be too highly emphasized
Assuming that the functions of the Prostate Gland, so called neck of the
bladder, are understood, it should be apparent that when damaged through
lor.p continued and too often repeated excitement or contracted diseases, that
disordered function must result. The first symptoms pointing to this pro'static
disorder are referable to the reproductive system. It Is first noticed that
patients suffering from this disease are embarrassed by Prematureness. This
is invariably followed, sooner or later,, by less of vitality and power, together
With all Those symptoms, known as "Weakness." The most common form of
damage to the jdand is congestion, of more or less severity, which finally
becomes localized as prostatic catarrh, and if "this catarrh once becomes
chronic, then various nervous symptoms arise, which are known to phy-
r'cians as Neurasthenia, or exhausted nerve force. The greater number of
patients suffering from this so-called weakness are healthy and robust men
in every other respect, men who, possibly, have been treated by tonics,
electricity, etc., for a weakness which. If the above has been made clear, will
be understood never to have existed. Some years ago we called the attention
of the medical profession and others to the fact that the above well defined
symptoms were not weaknesses, but results of inflammation, and that drugs
could not cure, but procedures directed toward repairing the damage, always
proved successful, was known as the "Talcott Theory." A recent number of
the Medicnl News pays us a pretty compliment In saying, "it is no longer a
theory, but a fact." and the profession have now, adopted the Talcott Pros-
tatic Dilator and Urethral Suppository Depositor as a necessity in the treat-
ment of these troubles.
vAricogele.
'Varicocele is an enlargement of the most vital blood Vessels in min In
their normal condition their function is to carry off. waste mat" r£l thus ¦
enabl n S the organs toj-eceive fresh nutrition. Owing . to the breaking down
of the vaves. caused by the paralysis of the muscular coat of the vehfs thev
become dilated, and local stagnation of the blood follows The vital or'eans
being deprived of their proper quality and quantity of nourishment im-
paired function is. the result... Statistics prove that 25 tier oZt nf thT™??!
population are afflicted with varicocele in some *ta£ P <* 'thl ViaS' wl
jruarantee to cure varicocele in one week at our office, or four weeks of' homf
treatment, without: the use of knife, caustic or iigature. We have cur^d
over 3000 cases without a single failure or unpleasant result. We invite cor
respondence and the fullest investigation of our , methods and can refer to
cured patients if ; desired. Colored chart of the organs sent on application.
. . ¦ ' - ~~ v • ¦
Owins to the large increase of practice In the Nor + h, we have onened
offices in Portland, 250% Alder street, corner. Third, for the accommodation of
patients in that section. ¦ . -' ,, .
1 Address F. L. TALCOTT, M. D.| or DR. .TALCOTT & CO , ,
QO7 |y A UKPT QT Corner Sixth;
\J \J & I T S W 8% 8% L. I <3 I • • E «t«re Upper Floor
/ Styles And tbcy\are the prettiest I
\/F T-» we've cvep had. Yet, consider- I
fir. n © X* e ing quality and style, they cost V
? fvi than cvcp.
/ \r^^^^ ' 50 F al1 Waists, .buttoned in \
ti^ 7^^^ 14 Silks' andjurahs. ]
B^^WSr ?4 * 50 Frencl ? Flann =l Waists, but- /
I **ii&ll5' e }.°- n toned in back - aH shades and /
I " ?<>lO ° blacks,_trimmed and plain. I
I >^T^^rv ¦ " ?1 ° Fa . U Jackets wit^ new backs. I
i/T "II Jv?- Proper length, fine Kersey j
Hi L , J I ," '.."•" • cloth, rich satin linings. I
S '\ ' /h\ ?4.i:."»- .Fan pedestrians and rainy. 1
I'VV- /AW 1°, '.; Ia - v - skirts, new ? cuts, all 1/
1 *NV H I L^\ ) lengths, 39 to 41. ; N Oxfords 1
|\jJ I -. . \ N^c/ - ? n & ra >* s » fine all-wool cheV- \
I )^l=^— =af^ $1.» Fwll coats, new \
Fgr^S5^5i=L^^ £ m qoo 1 "^ fine Kerseys, satin- \
|^££S££gg^&*Jl <? '° Hned; blacks and , tans, rich \
V ; lj V , .I\EJULX & J-ililoEiO. I
\ : Cloak ami Suit House /^N/
' ;:_¦¦_- : _ ¦ ~h ______ L _____ __ ' .__-._ j. fBy^rcE^ENTa . ' . • _ .-•_¦¦ ¦ • - : ,_.'._ no -^
Here are a few sketches and prices taken at random that suggest the style of goods and opportunities for H
saving that the Sterliug is famous for. jfl
These prices may, seem remarkably low (they are) but you will bo still more surprised when you examine I
the goods. h
They are not absurd offerings made with the hope of selling you something else when you come to the store M
They axe fresh, new, dependable goods and we have thousands more of just such bargains. H
''- ¦ ' -v?i ¦ v-^-^C 1 " ' • -¦ ' t« * H
-7.-CO d f^. thi8 Ma d a1 n o? $1.7 C Typewriter $u.C O %>"* •' »j w^ $l6.2O DoubI^ I
•(not iainraaAat seyemapl ° 'A Table i W^L^M- °* Buffett /,- Convenience I
_,._,, _, U - Made of sturdy oak— firm and Tha front sweeps onfrward in BOOK CASE AND »
, Bird S Eye Maple substantiaL • three graceful swells. Plush- 'WEITING DE3S 8
lota of eves! Juafc as mnch claims The top is 36 Inches Uned _^rawen. SoUd Combined f |
to usefulness as to heauty. The > **S and 20 inches Uomt^^n Canbe fitted oak or xaahogaoized 1
wnt.ngJeaf discloses a wealth of wlde = :::,:: - S a removable teav inst the birch - ' M
pigeon holes, small drawers and And.- a reminder, ladies, it .SaToftSStSS Gla8S doors > adjustable shelves fl
convemen os. ; makes the bandiest kind of a """'""T French plate mirror and credit H
In Mahoganisod birch 511.25 a sowing table. ;' ' Price with Tray $14.00 for the asuinp. . g
¦ gj**K.^s^S) ; If you should ask the opinion of any 2
. . h<^^^^^\'- (or all) of the thousands of people who .- — g
¦ RicHmoncl 1
Lc^U-^Ji ixailclvw v H if fe "*is
l^iliifekrJ ¦ You would get but one answer: §'** ' H
Ill2§Pi " Best" in the World? ftll 1
¦ * lor tJnis ijig C>)aiS. 1
Sterling Price Extension Table 1
5R1Q / £§ .-.,_ Finished eoldon. It extends to 3
. , * . ~~* ' , yv^gyg-^^Sfe^^^-, six feet. Picture tells the rest. H
This beautiful china cabinet is , fc^y^-^^^-— Jul>.p Dining table luxury for the rest H
made of select quartered oak, o' your life. It will be the center U
polished like a mirror. .-, Bl E^^K^fe^S^S! of a thousand pleasant gatherings I
One hn R e curved glass door tf - F =^fefe^&^^^^S]! and " Sterling " prices and I
makes the front. ,. . %^^^^tp^f^Ml^ methods put it Within every ones 0
. It. w 11 easiiy accommodate a Yf" t jj^^^fa^^^ffpr reach. U
Au example of "sterling" good- . f^l?^g e fi4?'*fi'^ jP j^^^i — ||
ness— pleasant to look at and Tffi 1 + <-»X^ «•» «« If
live with. - ' " W^ &JC Cxi. eXl xjr g
¦ ¦ 1 x\^* * 13 IT^k t3 f* T^^^ ¦ Pink VV orcester dinner Bflt n
i~ . f^*- ~ We re torn every penny of your (100 pieces) Royal English ||
Xsep&rtHient money if you are dissatisfied with a ; semi-porcelain..... $10.50 I
. -., . _ . '*!¦- Richmond, and if you want easy terms f»«««~i-^ f «„*-«. tAA ~. \ «— H
is now full to overflowing with you can buy one for Decorated tea set (44pcs).. 2.7o g
the new curtains and portieres for ' ' <£ 1 Q ™«U Decorated China fruit |
fall and winter sellmg. -H>5. QOWI1 5pl- a "WeeR. sauc-rs each 10c 1
Amoug the lot are some new '- ' ¦ " \ , '"¦'¦'."' \
corded mercerized portieres, We have eyery thing you could pos- -Liecoratea L-nua olive g
paneled with Arabian lace. sibly need to furnish a cosy home and aisnes. . / eacn^ 10c B
' $9. $1O. $11. \XJ f\* r^ J».' 8 qt granite sauce pans..... 25c |
As usual the latest novelties get \V €> I nlV£> I t*t>{\\\ "8 qt rinsing pans 15c H
first showing here. . TT.O VJI T XJ V-fi C/Uli Steel fry pans 05 C |
Sterling "Welch;' Folding! $16:50 Pedestal \
Upholstery Bed $27.00 Big, Plump, $3.25* U
- . Quarter-sawed oak. French ,-j • » , Ej
Mahoganized birch frame, plate mirror Hi24 inches. , KeStlUl Solid golden oak or mahoB- H
polwhed (we might as easily Sides aro not cut away as in I ¦„*_„.* vj»»». ~.u ». a S
call it mahogany). , • most folding beds, but are full J^.. . . ¦ . . . anized birch, polished. A
Hair filled spring seat, covered width— like a piano. Poll spring seat and back. ,-,.._.¦,, . .. -^ H
with silk tapastry. " , There are plenty of pood fold- covered \>y velours. ta th^SSI B
"Sterling" Price $9.90 bat °^ oue meaas %&££*??! tt |• About the only force some people have
is the force of habit. , «•
Mason and Dixon Line.
The monuments of the Mason and Dlxon
Boundary line between Pennsylvania and
Maryland have suffered severely from the
K°US nflali ;, 8na they w ' n soon b «
replaced with cast-iron markers.
Rapid progress is now being made on
¦££M« elOCatlon -?.£ the line " eastern
portion, was originally marked by stone
monuments at equal distances of one mile
Many of these stones have been removed
or destroyed. The western portion. owin S
to the peat difficulty at that time in tht
region traversed by the line, wa3 marked
by wooden posts, cut on the spot, and
secured in place by mounds of earth; or
stone piled around them. These posts
have disappeared, but some of the mounds
remain. Many of them have been 'de
stroyed by cultivation of the ground.' It
is believed, though, that enough of them
can be recovered to enable the relocation
of the boundary with precision. •;
The Pennsylvania Legislature has ap
propriated $7000 to reset and repair -tha
boundary monuments, and the Maryland
Legislature $5000. Dr. "W. C. Clark of Bal
tlrnore Is co-operating with Secretary' of
Internal Affairs Latta of Pennsylvania in
directing the work.— Baltimore Sun. *
It is far better to have large feet than
a small understanding. * t
The Pennsylvania Railroad's course in
deciding to enter New York City by tun
nel, building a station or terminus at Her
ald Square, cannot be" welcome to the
other trunk lines. It will certainly equip
the road for carrying many more passen
gers from New York, westward and from
the city,- and the superiority
of its service facilities will aid it in ob
taining business. . Moreover, when it has
constructed its loop around Brooklyn to
Hell Gate and .the bridge' contemplated
there ¦ connecting with .the New. York, 1
New Haven and Hartford," it will Invite
passengers as well as freight from lower
New England to its main line into the
"West. It may require some imagination
to make the workability of all its New
.York plans perfectly comprehensible, but
the wealth and the excellent management
of the road point to a time when the im
provements and extensions it Is engaging
•upon will become obviously necessary, and
profitable features in the development of
'its Eastern business. By and by, per
;haps, it will be equally plain that the
¦road's investment in great steel plants is
a Iegltimate;part of its enterprise and not
j merely an anchor thrown to windward. —
•Providence Journal.
The Pennsylvania's Enterprise.
Manager George Renner of the pray
men's Association announced" yesterday
that negotiations with the striking team
sters for a settlement of the controversy
¦were off, and' that the association had
Its Offer to the Teamsters.
Draymen's Association Withdraws
NEGOTIATIONS ABE OFF.
I have been quoted as saying that "those
fellows," meaning those who were out • on
strike, "were begging- of us." That Is cer
tainly a mistake. What I, did say was that
national and international organizations were
good, for two reasons, and save for those they
were no good .at all: First. If they could keep
their men away from the seat of trouble and
second, put up funds to support those.. in' trou
ble. This I found to work quite the other way
with ourselves, and It would be the same with
those boys; they would, like ourselves, have to
depend on local resources In order to carry on
the 'fight to any extent.
•• , p. h. McCarthy, '
President Building Trades. Council.
• Those sand teamsters had a contract to carry
on work for many months to come. Mr. Rosen
berg has seen fit to break that contract. This
the Buildings Trades Council strenuously ob
jects to, and, to offset any future troubles of
that kind, will have under .control of the
Building Trades Council all men actually en
gaged 4n the building business. This. may not
be brought about in a. day, but.lt Is Just as
sure to. come as that- the sun rises and sets
The Building Trades Council does not Indulge
ln bluffs, and Is not going to allow the thou
sands of men . affiliated with it, both as work
men, contractors and material men, to suffer
for something the arrangements of which they
have had nothing to do with. • ¦ -'¦ ¦
From the foregoing ,any one with an eye to
business can Bee why the sand teamsters have
been called out; and -for that reason. If for no
other. It. Is Incumbent upon those men, as also
those engaged in the building- business, to see
thaf the building industry must not, by any
act of. Mr. Rosenberg, be disturbed: "
Saw Fit to Break Contract.
The contractors, sub-contractors and work
men engaged ln the different departments of
the building indsutry have, if any, very Jlttle
connection with the parties who are contest
ing the ground with the Water Front Federa
tion, and If Mr. Rosenberg and hia colleagues
were desirous of striking a blow at the afore
said he would have called out organizations
•which, it could at least be claimed, were close
to the line of battle now waging. .He calls out
the, sand teamsters, who were miles away from
the seat of trouble, but allows to continue
operations the hackmen who drive the employers
of labor all over the city; the horseshoers. who
shoe the horses formerly driven by the union
teamsters; the milk drivers, the delivery wagon
drivers and, last but not least, the union to
which the president 'of the. Labor Council be
longs. ¦; ••
The facts are Mr. Rosenberg has nothing In
the world to do with the building Industry,
and, as. such, Is stepping Into territory over
which he has no control. The Building Trades
Council has had nothing to do with the ar
rangements of this controversy, from the be
ginning to the present time— the sole manage
ment of the entire affair being vested ln the
hands of those affiliated with the Labor Coun
cil. Now Mr. Rosenberg would like to Involve
the building trades ln the controversy and to
that end he orders out on strike the Sand
Teamsters'. Union. He. does this for the sole
purpose of tying up the building industry and
inflicting hardships on the several contractors
and material men engaged in the building busi
ness, as also -the men affiliated with the Build
ing Trades Council, thus showing that he has
allowed prejudice and passion to take the place
of common sense and good judgment. .This can
very readily be seen from the following state
ment of facts: • *; ¦ •
Out of His Territory.
The Building Trades Council has done more
In the past, 1 la doing now and will ln the fu
ture for ' honest, legitimate labor unions than
anything Mr. Rosenberg or his colleagues, re
gardless of whom they may be. has ever done:
and when he says the Building Trades Council
is working against -.honest, legitimate and
straightforward union principles, carried on on
a basis of equity, he says the thing that Is
not true, and he says It because he knows It
to be such.
Mr. Rosenberg has for some time endeavored
to subordinate the Building Trades Council to
any old thing that he may organize, but with
no success. • ¦ .. .
This declaration is only in -line with every
act of the above-mentioned business agent (Mr.
Rosenberg). . His stock ln trade ln alT matters
Is made up largely of bluff, such as it was
when he published to the world that -an In
ternational union of painters, paper hangers
and decorators had Joined the Labor Council
for the purpose of showing that the building
trades • were in . the Labor Council lni large
numbers, when in reality- there.- were only
eighteen (18) members ln the union which he
took .In. and. their charter questioned by the
local ,and national bodies of painters at that
time, also many trades ln . building business,
wherein he made a grand bluff and deceived
the public. The Building Trades Council will
set them right on all matters connected with
the building business.
In Line With His Every Act
Again he says: "Mr.' McCarthy's movement
1b insignificant and so simple that It does not
perturb us: this strike - will . go right on and
be won despite anything he may be able to do."
From the latter we ¦ may Judge that - Mr.
Rosenberg is impressed with the ld«a that he
Is the true and hard-worked friend of labor
and . thu • Building Trades Council people- the
¦worn enemies of labor.' .
Trades Council to establish a new
Sand Teamsters' Union have drawn a re
ply from P. H. McCarthy. It is as fol
lows: . .- l
In yesterday's papers there was published an
Interview from Business Agent Rosenberg of
the Labor Council, ¦ in which he says, among
other things: "This work on the part of. the
Building Trades Council cannot have much ef
fect upon conditions, and Is simply in line
with other things that' body haa done; even
If the Building Trades •Council does organize
a Band teamsters' union It . will • be a flimsy
eort : of affair, • for the International Drivers'
Association controls all the recognized union
teamsters ln the. country.'? . ...
THE criticisms uttered '.by' officers
of the San Francisco Labor Coun
cil in relation to the threats of P.
H. McCarthy and the Building
WASHINGTON. Aug. ' 81.-John Mulhol
land, president of the Allied Association
of I Metal "Workers, left to-night , ln : com
pany- with -President- Gompers of "the
American Federation ; of Labor, for, Buf
falo. .'. Mulholland stated that his confer
ence with Gompers had resulted in a' de-"
¦ cislon ' to , cal 1 . a general . conference of all
the - international... representatives , .allied
with the Metal Trades recently organized
at St. Louis. ;,This meeting will be held at
Buffalo | gome a time within . the next few
days, but the; exact date has not yet been
named. Mulholland stated that' the decis
ion i to. hold -this meeting, is due,^to the at
titude v assumed ;• by the National .'Trades
Association s in , discharging ¦ . members of
the, union and requiring their workmen to
sign , application 1 , cards 'agreeing -to .work
with' non-union ¦men."- ¦:.-"•¦¦:-: -_!..;„'.•
Metal Trades Men Will Confer.
J TERMINAL ISLAND, 'Aug. 31.— After a
three days' , lockout the longshoremen at
the : Southern : California ¦ Lumber ; Com
pany's yards returned to work this morn
ing, 'having .won .their battle. The Alca
zar, the vessel which" causedx the trouble
by bringing a non-union crew to the dock,
is still lying loaded at the wharf. - -
Longshoremen j Get j Demands.
TVilliam Murray, a special officer In
connection with the strike, swore out a
¦warrant in Judge Cabaniss' court yester
day for the arrest of Edward Hynes, a
striker, on the charge oi threats to kill.-
He said that Hynes and other strikers
called at his residence, 796 Harrison street,
Friday night and warned him that if he
r]id not quit his job he would be killed.
Kynes was the only one in the crowd that
be knew.
Threatened to Kill Special.
The strikers i in I this city are commenc
ing to : receive benefits from the national
organizations and financial . assistance
from labor organizations all over the
coast. A check for ; $1000. wa3 received
yesterday morning by the executive com
mittee I of the Labor Council from the
American Federation- of Labor. - This • la
the first instance known to, the local labor
leaders where the- federation has extended
financial assistance to strikers. *The fed
eration has no fund for the assistance of
striking unions and the money which wa3
received yesterday, was* taken from the
funds which are usually: used to defray
running expenses. : • ' -, '
¦ Besides the check "from the American
Federation " of Labor,: about $200 was re
ceived from various, unions west of the
Rocky Mountains. [ /¦ . .
Financial Aid From East.
Andrew J. Collins, fflSH Mission street,
secured a warrant from Judge Cabaniss
yesterday for the arrest of "Joh««^?oe," a
•watchman at Meiggs wharf, ~oif the
charge of assault with a deadly weapon.
He eaid he walked from his residence to
the foot of Powell street Friday evening
i>nd thought be would stroll along the
•wharf. As he reached the wharf the
•watchman confronted him, and, placing a
revolver against his breast, told him, with
an oath, not to move a step further. Col
lins expressed his astonishment and in
formed the watchman that he was not a
Ftrlker nor a non-union man. He was
brusquely told that he could not go along
the wharf. A ship's captain happened
along and toid the watchman that his
conduct was outrageous and got a reply
that If he interfered a hole would be
blown through him.
Charles Gordon, a watchman at pier
>To. 7. was arrested yesterday on a war
rant issued by Judge Fritz, charging him
¦with battery- He was released on 510
cash hall. The complaining witness is
Daniel Sweeney, an artist on a morning
paper, who alleges that Gordon assaulted
him last Thursday.
Warrants for "Watchmen-
« rt thin«r further to offer. He declared that
I£S^ I SUSftSM8S«£ : °' " -¦
Thf<T statement was first made to Secre
ta?5 LoVenl? of the Municipal Federation
of Improvement Clubs, who called to.in
formMr. Rennerthathe had been mis-
SmSSS? to come to the terms offered by,
the association. ;
MANY. BIG SHIPS CJ^AS.
Full Cargoes Aboard Vessels Manned;
"With Non.-TTni.on Crews. ¦
A number, of the vessels that have been
occupying berths at the wharves since the
Stloif of the strike completed loading
vesterday afternoon and the rest will sail;
to-day. Those that got out yesterday
were the British steamer » f » s^
attle Chilean steamer Palena for. Valpa
raiso Asuncion for Seattle, American ship
George Curtis for Honolulu and the barge
to leave port
to-day are the Marlposa for :Honolulu,
Cltv of Para for Port Los Angeles, Ore-
Konian for New York via Honolulu, col
lier Titania for Nanalmo,, British steamer
Buckingham for Guayaquil via Noyo,
British ship Arracan for Queenstown, and
the American bark Coronado.
ThVvlssels all carried full cargoes and
were manned with non-union crews., The
Imogen was one of the first vessels that
jXfd the fleet at Port Costa and the Ar
racan is also from the upper bay, having
been tied up there for three weeks.
OreKonian, which came - here from New
York the Hrst week of the strike, loaded
with a general cargo, is ten days over the
time set for her sailing." _ . _ ;' ,v
Two strikers were treated at the Harbor
Hospital yesterday for injuries. They were
A Nelson of 19 Steuart street and Thomas
Young of 408 Folsom street Nelson had a
scalD wound sewed up and Young had a
lacerated nose stitched. They tried to
administer a beating to a number of non
union men and got the worst of it. -
The collier Matteawan, with 5000 tons of
coal ¦ for the Southern" Pacific Company,
arrived yesterday. She went to Oakland
direct... ¦:..-..':¦¦:¦'}: ¦•-¦¦-' ' ' \ ¦ . .- .
Cannery Company Employes Are In
timidated by Strikers.
The California Canneries Company has
applied for additional police protection at
. Its factory, 423-441 Brannan street, where,
" it Is alleged, the pickets of • the strikers'
jire causing. much trouble. - •
A. D. Cutler, president of the company.
etated yesterday that the place is guarded
by four policemen, but that number has
in the past few days become Insufficient.
On Wednesday the box makers were pur
• eued by a crowd of strikers for several
blocks and one of the men -was severely
: . Injured. On the following day -the strikers
•repeated the attack, the result being that
' the non-union men refused to go to work.
Of fifty men who were working in the es-
: tabllshment on . Wednesday only two mon
reported for duty yesterday:- The busl
..ness of th*» company has suffered greatly
In consequence.
"We could get plenty of men." Mr. Cut
ler said, "to take the place of the strikers,
-but they fear to go to work, as they are
almost certain to be assaulted. More po
lice protection is an absolute necessity
and we must have It- If the Mayor can
not give us relief we must look elsewhere.
This thing has gone far enough and the
time has come when something decisive
inust be done one way or another."
PROTECTIOIT IS DEMJLNDED.
• . Hans ' Knudson, a member of the Bail
ors' Union," and a brother, sailor, also ¦¦ a
Bennett was taken, to the Receiving
Hospital, where It was found that hardly
an inch of his body had escaped . either a
kick or a blow from a fist or club. While
the physicians were "attending to the
wants of Bennett, his former companions
were taken to the City ¦ Hall station.
Mann was charged with carrying a con
cealed weapon and a pistpl and.rbox. of
cartridges were booked as evidence
against him. Belway was charged with
exhibiting a deadly weapon in a rude and
threatening manner. ' . .
D. Butler and' H. 'HammerSchldt, Who
claimed to be members of the Brother
hood of Teamsters, accompanied the par
ty to the City Prison, and insisted on
seeing that the men were charged, in
the meantime taunting them with oppro
brious epithets. H. J. McNevIn, a former
football player, also took an active part
ln the affair. Both Mann and Belway
claim they applied . for protection to a
uniformed officer on Ninth street, when
the mob first went after them, but claim
he said that he could not leave his beat
to go just then. They did not know his
name nor number. • • . .
A N number of minor affrays occurred
during" the night. Daniel Maloney, a for T
mer teamster, at present driving a laun
dry wagon, claims that Harry Richards,
a striking teamster, jumped on his wagon
on Market street near Sixth and attempt
ed to pull him off. They were just about
to mix things up when the police inter
fered and arrested both, charging them
with disturbing the peace.
Thomas McGuinnlss. a marine fireman,
armed himself with a large pistol and
started down Folsom street, determined
to take the scalp of any non-union man
he might find. Officer Ross cut his pere
grinations short before he had proceeded
very far along Folsom street on- his way
to the water front. He was charged with
discharging firearms in the city limits and
carrying concealed weapons. -
Richard Roberts, a non-union teamster,
who- has been ln the employ of Stude
baker Bros., was attacked by a crowd of
men in a saloon at the corner of Third
and Folsom streets last night and beaten
into insensibility. He was taken to the
Emergency Hospital, where five scalp
wounds were sewed up and a dozen con
tusions about his head and face dressed.
Adolph Rheinhold/:a^recent arrival from
the interior, while walking along • Pacific
street last night, was ? attacked by: four
men who the police say. were. strikers and
badly beaten. After rendering.;. their vic
tim insensible they robbed * him of $7.
Rheinhold thinks he will be able to iden
tify his assailants In case ; ; they are : ar
rested. . - , ¦ „
A., non-union teamster named Rilty,
while riding a bicycle along Folsom street
near Ninth last evening .was attacked by
five men and roughly handled. Rlley left
his wheel- behind. It was afterward re
covered by Detective Rlordan and're
turned to him. ... •
Judge Fritz yesterday refused to Issue
warrants on complaint of several strikers
for the arrest of Policemen Dalton ' and
Lycette. Several days ago the two officer*
started to disperse a crowd on Easfstrect
when a hot fight '-ensued. \ Lycette j was
struck In the face by a brick -and" Dalton
received an ugly cuf in the head. ;, After
a short, conflict the officers managed to
disperse the crowd, but not until several
of Its members were severely beaten by
the guardians of the peace. Judge ¦ Frits,
after listening to the stories of both sides,
refused to issue warrants for the arrest
of-the officers. ,.• .' . . '•".. - .
Officer P. T. Flynn was in . the imme
diate, vicinity and- placed Mann- and. Bel
way under arrest, while -he went 'to the
assistance of Bennett. -... Other officers
were quickly on the scene and dispersed
the crowd.
By this time the car had swung Into
Ninth street and the three men, jumping
off, rushed into a nearby restaurant and
were ordered out /by the man in' charge
while a still larger crowd gathered. The
three non-union men drew their pistols
and proceeded out, but Bennett lost his
weapon in the shuffle and was badly
treated by the crowd. Mann and Belway
discharged their pistols, firing three shots
into the air, and ran In the direction of
Market street. . • -
As the car slowed down prior to making
the curve a number of men jumped on
It and one of the crowd pointed outtthe
three young men.
"Let's go • for them, fellows," he ex
claimed.
Robert Mann, Thomas Bel way' and C.
S. Bennett, who came. here, a week, ago
from San Jose and went to work for'Cut
ter, were proceeding homeward on! a
south-bound car of the Larkln and/Ninth
street branch of the Sutter Street Rail
way Company. Shortly after the car
passed the Mechanics' Pavilion a brick
was hurled at the car, landing on the seat
of the. dummy in close proximity to the
three men. - .
Owing to the ready display of their
trusty weapons three non-union teamsters
In the employ of Cutter's Drayage Com
pany, 845 Harrison street, stood. off a
howling mob of union teamsters at the
corner of Ninth and Market streets last
night shortly before 10 o'clock. One of
the men attacked lost his weapon in the
early part of the melee 'and was later
treated at the Receiving. Hospital for a
number of severe contusions. .
By Use of Pistols Two Non-Union Drivers Escape
Injury, but Companion Is Beaten.
member of the union, indulged in a little
too much water front whisky last night
and developed a fighting Jag. For lack
of non-union men on whom to work they
determined to try each other's prowess.
Knudson got the worst of the physical
argument and was treated at the Emer
gency Hospital for a lacerated scalp.snd
a contusion of the face. He was also
placed under arrest by Officer McGowan
and charged with drunkenness. -¦
A number of strikers attacked two of
Curtln's specials last night in the restau
rant at 20 Taylor street, which is a resort
for union men. They, pulled the special
officers from .the tables at which they
were sitting and -dragged them to the
door. ; , r ¦¦¦ • < ¦
The specials- managed »tp draw their re
volvers... and. scattered the crowd by fir
ing several shots. Jhey then ran up" the
street, where one of- them was captured
by Police Officers Tillman and Matheson,
while Officers Coleman and Perl caught
the other. The specials, whose names
are Frank Pedler and Percy Ashcroft.
were charged at the Central station with
discharging firearms inside the city'lim
its. Ashcroft Is the special officer who
was attacked by the mob at Sixth and
Harrison streets last Wednesday.
Low Bail for Strikers.
Charles Shaw and James -Cotter, the
strikers who boarded a Kearny-street car
between Broadway and Battery streets
arid attacked come non-union men, ap
peared before Judge Conlan yesterday on
charges of battery and disturbing the
peace. They demanded a trial by jury
and the cases were continued till Tues
day, to be- .set. Attorney Joseph Coffey,
who appeared as' special .'.prosecutor
objected » to the defendants . being *. at
liberty on : the low ball: of $5 on each
charge anxkinslsted that' it be. increased.
The -. , Judge- declined; to increase th©
amount. Coffey then asked if the de
fendants were in- court. Cotter was pres
ent, but Shaw, did not answer to "his
name. Coffey asked that Shaw's ball bo
forfeited, but the' Judge refused to do so
He, .however. Issued a bench warrant for
Shaw's .arrest, fixing his bail at ?10.
Teamster Guilty- of .Battery.
F. C. Gaster, a striking teamster, was
convicted of battery by Judge Cabanlss
yesterday and ordered to appear for. sen
tence his ball . meamvhlle
having been' raised f rom : $10 to $50. On
the evening of July 25 H. J. Spring and
Frank Holmes, teamsters employed by
Emmons & Co., were on their way home
from the stables and on Tenth street,- be
tween Folsom and .Harrison streets, two
-men one of whom was the defendant,
attacked them. Spring was struck several
times on the face before he succeeded in
running away from his assailants. Holmes
had given the alarm and Gaster ran Into
the arms of Policeman McGovern and he
admitted to the officer that he had
assaulted Spring. The case was so plain
that the Judge said it was his duty to
convict the defendant.
STRIKING TEAMSTERS ASSAULT
THREE MEN ON CROWDED STREET
NOT since the beginning of the strike by the unions affiliated • with the
City Front Federation has there been a day with so little evidence. of
the effectiveness of the measures adopted by the labor leader:! as yes
terday. Along the water front particularly more" work was done than
on any previous day, and more vessels got to sea. •
Shipping men look upon these facts as the more significant because of the
comparative ease with which their operations were carried on. "Where ' at first
cargoes were loaded and unloaded arid ships moved only as the, result of most un
usual exertions and at great expense, permanent forces of non-union laborers
have now been secured and work Is carried on with much of the facility of
times of industrial peace and ships are being sent to sea with full cargoes and
on time. Yesterday five vessels sailed and seven are ready; to sail to-day. Col
liers are being unloaded, grain shins are being sent to sea with cargoes from
Port Costa, and steamers . for. the Orient and for the coast ports are moving on
schedule time and carrying their usual cargoes. The lumber, schooners are prac
tically the only vessels in port that are not supplied with the labor needed, and
the lumbermen say that by next week they expect to have gangs of men !at
•work unloading the cargoes of the vessels now at dock. .;
In the wholesale district there Is evidence of an increasing volume • of busi
ness, though the transportation problem is greater r there. -Merchants report
that lack of police protection for teamsters Is the only 'thing " that holds busi
ness back from reaching something like its normal volume. -
At the meeting of * representatives of the various cbmmerclar bodies yesterday
morning, -business men present reported an increase in the number of former
employes who were coining to them with expressions of dissatisfaction with the
situation and of their 'desire to return to work, did not fear of violence prevent
them. The number of non-union men at work is increasing day by day, and it
was pointed out at the meeting the number of those who are proving worthy
permanent employment Is. constantly growing and the number of places left for
old employes Is decreasing in a like proportion. •
Less of violence was offered yesterday, partly on account of the rain; ln the
evening, which drove bothi non-union men and strikers indoors. Doubtless also
the appeals of the . leaders , and the warnings given by -the Longshoremen's
Union, Captain Lyman of the! transport service, and others, had their effect" ill
restraining those with riotous tendencies. . :
¦ HE representatives of various
I commercial bodies of San Fran-
I Cisco. Including the Chamber, of
1L Commerce, Produce Exchange,
Board of Trade. State Board of
Trade. Merchants' Association and Manu
facturers' and Producers' Association,
who are engaged in considering means of
restoring peace to San Francisco, met at
x .the Chamber of Commerce yesterday at
¦ 31 a. m., with President Sbarboro in the
chair. The committee appointed to con
fer with Mayor Phelan with reference to
issuing a proclamation demanding that
peace be restored reported that the Mayor
refused to issue a proclamation until he
¦was fully convinced, after further study
"of the situation, that such a measure was
m. necessity, in view of this decision, the
committee was powerless to take further
action in the premises.
The report of the committee disclosed
the nature of the conference with the
-Jlayor.- which had been rigidly withheld
Irom the press. The announcement had
k been made by the Mayor that no confer
, ence was held with the representatives of
any business bodies, and this statement
"«' a s corroborated by all the employes in
the Mayor's office. The committee re
ported in detail all that transpired. It
was during the committee's visit that
, Captain Lyman came with his demand for
. protection for the laborers working on the
transport dock. Unless the city was pre
pared to furnish such assistance, said
Captain *-yman. a troop of cavalry would
•be ordered to the dock from the Presidio.
The Mayor directed Police Commissioner
to confer with the of Po
lice and see if adequate force could be
¦spared to protect the transport dock and
the, laborers. It was found that only
three policemen could be spared for that
service. /
It was the sentiment of the meeting
*5r at 6ucn • protection was inadequate.
Complaint was made that any police pro
tection given to the transport dock meant
: the withdrawal to that extent of protec
tion from private citizens and non-union
. laborers, and it was felt to be unjust that
/the United States, which has ample mili
.tary force to protect its dock and its la
borers, should be protected to any extent
by the city, while citizens who have not
the capacity of the nation to protect
; themselves and laborers in the pursuit of
a lawful occupation should be left with
out adequate protection.
- After the committee had reported and
the report had been accepted, a resolution
'¦was passed continuing the committee ln
.action and Instructing It to confer at once
atctth the Chief of Police to find out wheth
er he is able with the force at his disposal
•under the charter to suppress the con
..Etantly increasing 1 riots and murderous
"assaults that are taking place In the city.
. Considerable stress was laid upon the
-fact that the maritime laws of the United
States are being violated by the rioters
invading- ships ln the harbor and forcing
• their crews ashore at the point of the
pistol. This being a serious felony under
j the Federal law, it was decided to Invoke
.; Federal authority for the Immediate ar-
I rest and punishment of these offenders If.
their identity can be detected.
The reports made by the various busi
ness men to the meeting Indicated an in
. crease in riot, violence and disorder
throughout the disturbed districts of the
.city and at the eame time an equal In
crease in the number of strikers who go
yto their employers expressing their desire
to return to work and giving as a reason
for not breaking the strike in that man
ner their fear that they cannot be pro
iected against murderous assaults.
Volume of Business Is Greater Than
at Any Time Since Struggle
Began.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 1, 1901.
SHIPS ARE MOVING WITH LITTLE
TROUBLE AND TRADE GROWING
IN THE WHOLESALE DISTRICT
I T'FFORTS at conciliation of employers and strikers' have practically- been abandoned, though the committee of the Board of
I Supervisors is at work along mysterious lines, the character of whichHts members refuse to divulge. None, can be found,
however, on either side of the controversy who now anticipate any compromise. The labor leaders are concentrating their efforts
on arrangements for the great demonstration of Labor day (to-morrow), and employers are bending their . energies to send business
along at. the customary gait in spite of obstacles, and with such success that yesterday sazv the greatest volume of business transacted
of any day since the beginning of the general strike and also less violence than any recent day. , I ..' ' >
21
GEAPE-NTXTS.
§Look to I
I your food. J
| The perfect |
I food is 1
|Gpape=Nuts|
JOE ROSENBERG'S. _ . ) JOE ROSENBERG'S. _ { JOE ROSENBERG'S.
Jk lor STRIKING Tli^lESr, ||l
CLOVES. HOSIERY.^^jpiBy
A '4 tf This is more than any house in Beats An/thing You Ever Heard Of. // H ,\
Hi VVXVSSSS Frisco would dare to do: „ .„„„„ „, T .-rvrca' nr\r r\o-crk AW // U 11
f , J»\ly>x * ... ,..- .» ' • • ~ ¦¦ . Jto • dozen or LADIES COLOKED \n II 11 1 1
/] '' ' \W&y ' We fit them. HOSE, Richelieu ribbed, dotted backs, Vy/ M |ll
Ml vS«y ' We warrant them. ' bow-knot fronts, made of best quality \§t »/ » a \
Ml W , i W*menrt'th*m of English thread, full finished, double fl M \ 11,1
/./ m -w i Jl r D rr heels and toes. You cannot equal Ml II ft I I
I / '"¦ V w\\ We clean, them— rficc. ¦ these anywhere. in Frisco at this price Ml If 1 III I
Ml Hi iv W\ " 60R0SIS -That" is the name' of the • ....; 25c Ml I// fll I
I I '¦ \ll fll VftW best- ladies' glove^hat is made. It is - Ml IJ/ I IJ, 1
In Wft l\ wv\ • made of the best picked French lamb Some More Good News in Our 01. II llli/l 1
I I ¦•¦.Ift W «\\\ s^n. P^e sewed Paris point, stitched U ii C i m iiunCDWCAB ¦ nPOABTUCUT fl II fill
f \i liW V •••\\\l back « P atent two-clasp fasteners, made MUSLIN UNUtHWtAn UtrAnlMtNIi I I la , If if 1
I 111 \\\\ ••••'Mil in all the new fall shades. . Our way of , AnTy( ,. \ rnwN«U.Mada of soft 8 I Ik. Ill mil 1
Mm m\\\ to^ 111^ 1^* 681^^^^ mML- ffjiJ
WVlv-J**'* "*"*-" ........•.._..;.;........ 51.OO med cascading of extra fine embroid- r >rir'^"^
ONE ITEM FROM OUR NOTION DEPT. r»fr^»riv f sH? dP™®
) MB? o~- i, n r ¦- T.'XTxrnrr.T^^. ott t^ „ lengths and full widths. These gowns fi»
_ 1 375 -balls .or KNITTING -SILK, vail are exceedingly low ln price— not so in ¦ ¦
jHKSHBflll colors, large size. Our. price 3c quality OSc Bf
/^^^^^TP VELVET RIBBONS, satin back— ».l < n 1-, /,///• Tnrrhnn Lacs Trimmed If
W ' no. l (10 yds. to a piece)— me. Ask to see our Jorcnon Lace inmmea . _ m
n - No. 2^(10 .yds. to' apiece)— 2Oc. Drawers for 35c. . , ... , I
¦ AHENTION. - ;- ; YOU TAKE NO CHANCES IN BUY1NB I
» IN;OUR^CORSET DEPARTMENT.; ¦:^a-SSS^S» c taffl& ii S^.-Jfc~.- • LADIES' MUSLIN UNDERWEAR HERE. I
H First, It Is the. NEW g4Ps -' ¦ close, out air our* SU12- nrf - LADIES' 1 DRAWERS, mad© of soft B
HB MELBA BUST PRO- Jffifi , MER 1 DRESSES or bleached nainsook, trimmed with, a H
Q TECTOR. It is the mSTk. SHIRT WAIST SUITS" dKSfl^ deep ruffle of lawn, finished with two «
¦¦ thin woman's friend. It ' W* .ff made of fine imported - </\vSv rows of extra fine Valenciennes insert- B
BB] will give you the new- i* Lawn; . tucked back M x^vVx ln^ s ! also lace to match. If we. weren't a
M.'est Parisian shape. ' */ v>> full front, detachable m /ffla^rl '^manufacturers you'd pay twlcetheB
¦I Low bust. It is made iffigspfFK collar; also hemstitched - jfit&il wlr ¦ Price SoC H
M- of the best imported amlffii \ turnover collar, soft sTS HT nr piiincn DV u/UIT U/r ?1V rngg
m fateen. boned with the \1 A\ tucked cuff; skirt is the 1 // fit BE 6UIDED V BY WHAT WE iAY, FOR H
EH lightweight feather frnW /J latest cut, deep hem, n\ H\\ WC U/B1TC WITU PABC ?S
¦J boning; can be worn IJnwL/y^ full width. perfect * /MU>V ..Wt- limit WIIH bAHtt £§
I ha&^^glS^ ¦-•*:¦ ¦¦•? V- Tneyaremadeof IS^^f 1
H all athletic women. Leading physicians Seven-dollar Shirt Waist Suits... 3.75 extra heavy art fStptf 5 '**?'!? fl
¦ recommend them for health. When Others in eauaf proportion. denim, the new giL/li T! ?5 pH
¦I worn over a corset it enables the dress- UUI /»«>«" "<"'• natural pepper- p5j'>jt J/ £3? 11
¦ .maker or tailor to give their patron a I c tucdc ip iuv urui un/runnti herry design — a rajLj-B \
B perfect fit. It rounds all hollows IF THERE IS ANY NEW INVENTION wonder ln looks at C§f 4)**^**? Si fl
H and gives one a plump, well-rounded y ¦„.„ D c . F - , .. . . a wonderful \ low <@L,«rmRij£ i ES
H bust; colors pink, blue, black and Tou Will Be Sure to Find it at Joe prIce 1Oc fc^tTT^MWffS^ «
¦J white, Yours for a very little money Rosenberg's. -. TCA&wr**** ga
¦ ¦¦•'•—¦ •• ::; 50c This time It is a HAIR RETAINER. A WONDER IN OUR HANDKERCHIEF ¦
P NOW. A FEW WORDS. It is made of fine Italian shell, highly A »"««" IB UUH MIIURCniiMCr- |3
H Last week we put on sale 200 COR- D°" s £ ed teeth turn over at the top. DEPARTMENT. M
m SETS and they were gone ln two wt "?n keeps the stray locks in place; LADIES' BELFAST ALL-T T>J-F>J Sf
¦ if not\better. So, If you are In need of P" ce • ..^OC r^^y aie unlaundered. just as they |
I A PRIZE-WINNER IN A HAIRBRUSH. 1
¦ StoS^^fflTSSk^nl^hK^ k 1^ c c al L e |A th N ask twice the price we are asking I
¦ values make us busy. The small store Satr RRT79K -vr^gy' 3^ i.-^2C H
¦ with a small price.... ; ...... ; ........50c. gtdfof^Wwood ¦ • ABOUT OUR KIMONOS. 1
H You Waste Time When You Look for Cor- back, aluminum face where the bris- - LADIES' KIMONOS iSHZs M
H sets Elsewhere. ' ' tIes SLte Bet in - Bristles are firmly an- Thev aj-» maA* nt th« *Wv §i
¦ « f chored ln the waterproof composition. Ses^ d^simfof strined J^rL If
¦ LA VIDA CORSET. .. The peculiar way in which the bristles e?ed ° flannll j0®&j\~ : t' : W
- ¦ QUEEN OF ALL— It is ,-£*, are held gives them an added elaa- Itte sleeves Mid fronts " £&%$&
¦ made of the best fast col- £fc* tlcity, materially increasing the dura- trimmed with a Was /R*«&r3S U
. ¦ ored English sateen, side . «*>? bility of the brush. Worth twice the bordw of The same ml- f^^fil 1
¦ steels and front steels aU ( y^ . price we are asking 50c %$£ °^ TZu \^M \A 1
¦ fhrm^hoiit with the IF YOU ARE IN NEED OF A back' and Japanese *^M^ ¦
, 1 {SHSSc wlffieffiU^n /aa. DRESSING COMB. "SrtabYe ft»£S "SS! I
¦ all the newest French [ W^H^J The klnd that will not scratch nor mmt that u S q«« mm »v W I
¦ models, bias cut, hand- AWM j*. pull your hair; made of the best qual- Sfvtaitiem money by ¦
¦ gored. This corset will -• fty of . South American rubber. Fine bUyl n^ tT^ZL?™,"""'"" 98c H
- I lend grace and charm to ' y and coarse polished teeth; a wonder LADIES KNITTED VESTS tfl
tSffrS^V** & ¦>«- 2B l» OUBJ.ACE DEPARTMENT. SyjtiSfVK, BS&^.SSSgSf . I
m &A.&V- ...__„-,,,_- 36 ° Y^f Venetian Galloon; in the high neck, long sleeves, partially wool. P*
¦ ' HAT BUCKLES. : < £ ew ArabIan shades; one Inch wide, gray only. Our way of buying makes H
I A traveler's sample line: pressed ° Ur Way .° f SelUn& 2^?55 SSllS the l0W6St ln SellInS ••-40c
I :^ra;|nrnnQ.PiinrQp 816 market - street. I
I didn^bu^lm^wf dW^w^ J U C U UOC II D LSI U Running through to 11 O'FarrelL I
: f ¦i 1 tofw e aB^ ft^'"".^ " PHELAN BUILDING. B
Friedman's Furniture j
THE TIME TO BUY |
CURT3JNS I* right now. Our Fall j
draperies are crowding our space so we'll sell a few 1
hundred pairs of Net Lace Curtains at half value— I
'handsome'' pattern, 3$ yds lfing that sells for $2.00, $1.00- i
Less elaborate but just as good that sells for $1.80, 90CtS I
CARPETS T hesc standards in choice 1
patterns, sewed, lined and laid in S. F., • Oak J? n J; r £Ij^" 1
3 patterns of good Tapestrys, worth 75c for 55c. a yard 1
4, ' ' of Choice Tapestrys worth 1.00 for 65c. a yard
3 ' * Smith's Axmlnsters worth i. 15 for 95c. a yard
4 ' - of Wilton Velvet, , worth 1.25 for 1.00 a yard
3 ' ' High pile Axmlns. worth 1.35 for 1.10 a yard
3 V - Sayonerrie /Axmlns; wortlrli76;forj.25 a yard
3 ' ' Blgeiow Axmlnster worth 1.75 for 1. 25 a yard
<]\I iiTTIRl G In special, 20 yard rolls, just*
, about the quantity needed for the average room.
Heavy Linen warp; 3 handsome patterns. Sells
.regularly for 7.OO a? roll; ; this } week for 3.85."
? : '. . "The Credit House." . Six Stories High. 9
Eczema sets the skin on fire. The acid poisons in Oj§|i/ /. //L \ v^^Mh
the blood are forced out through the pore9 of the skin, ; <S|«^ : \A t (y. - /a||i
causing intense redness, burning and itching. So terrible 'fizfh f3&( l\z\
' i3 the itching at times, especially when the body is over- „ «pi '!$vi\ ¦ fcvil
heated, that the almost distracted sufferer feels that he .• _^ JlV^J^-M.
could tear the skin to pieces, and that he must scratch or P ;j;r v^ii5*-^l
go crazy. He knows from experience that this only fll
makes matters worse, but, made desperate by the terrible >. see ijgg?
burning and itching, he is for the time being indifferent to after effects. There
' are several forms of Eczema, the moist, or weeping kind, that comes in little pus-.'
iules which discharge a watery, sticky fluid, which dries and peels off in bran-like
scales/ So profuse is the discharge at times that large scabs or crusts form, which
are both painful and troublesome, and not easily removed. Red, disfiguring bumps
and sores are symptoms of Eczema: The dry "form usually attacks the head,
hands and. feet; the 6kin, .becoming hard and rough, often cracking open and
bleeding, and attended with much itching. ) Eczema depends upon a poisoned con-
\ . • ': .'¦•¦;.- dition of the blood, and local
Mr. Ii. Marno, Escondido, San Diegro County, applications, while soothing
Oal., writes : "Iffy body broke out with a rash and cooling, and may to some
or eruption which in spito of all efforts to cure extent relieve the inflarnnia
continued to got worse. The itching, especially! g™ f n > *5 r ?£.vKJ J UlflaInma ;
at nieht, -was simply terrible; it wodld almost ,^°? *** ¦ itching, cannot
' disappear at times, only to roturn worso than ° e consxaerea cures, because
ever. I had tried many highly recommended , j external remedies ¦ j do : : sot
preparations without benefit, and hearing of S. reach/ constitutional or blood
S. S. determined to atfva it a fair trial, and was diseases. : " Salves ointments
inoxprossibly doli*hted when a fe-w ;¦ bottlos cowrie™ lotion^ nn^^rvT^
curod me entirely, removing every blemish and f^T%ii^u !? JF £°
pimple from' my body. I shall not fail to recom- m( * e . haxm "^ goott, by
mend S. fl. S. whenever an opportunity occurs.' smearing over and sealing up ¦¦
¦ ' , / • .- '. ' ' V " •' .the pores, of the skin.fthus
forcing the poison baok into the blood. - S. S. S. antidotes and neutralizes the acid 1
poisons and drives out of the circulation all impurities and humors,and the pure,
I rich blood that is carried [ to the diseased skin' quickly allays the inflammation,
opens the clogged up pores; and the skin becomes soft, smooth and ready to perform .
its proper: functions. To be rid of Eczema you must first purify and build up the
bloodi and nothing so surely and effectually does this as S. S. S., the onlyjguaran- 1
teed purely vegetable blood purifier." ' Send for bur book on blood and 6kin\fGsease3, •
and write our physicians for any inforaiatioh or advice you id ay desire. v; Medical
advice aad book free. , THE SWIFT SPECIF:^ CO.,^ATLANTA;^ OA.The lecture on Alexander VI * and
Savonarola by the Rev. J. J. ¦ O'Neill,
O. P.. and the concert by Rev. Robert J.
Sesnon will take place to-morrow -(Mon
day) evening, in Metropolitan Temple. In
stead • of St, Dominic's - Church. Tickets
issued for August 27 for St. Dominic's
Church will be good at Metropolitan Tem
ple on September 2: ~ - ¦
Change of Date and Place.
So are gas stoves. Two-burner nickel
plated gas stoves, with cleanable burners.
51.85. Three burners. 52.90. Full line of
gas stoves and ranges and all latest gas
cooking appliances and conveniences at
special prices. Chas. Brown & Son, 807
Market street, near Fourth.; ; • -
Gas Is Down.
¦ In pursuance of his plan to close the
bars on the local ferry tx.ats. General
Manager Kruttschnitt of ihe Southern
Pacific 1 Company, who is now in the vicin
ity of El Paso, sent a telegram to the
local office commanding that the bars
dose on the last day of August. The
telegram was received on Friday, and
yesterday morning another dispatch came
conntertnanding the previous message and
extending the time of closing for another
thirty days. -— ~. . .
The liquor men are much incensed at
this manner of doing business. They say
that, in the first place, the bars on the
boats bring no scandal, arc doing no
harm, and, inasmuch as they are a gen
eral convenience to the traveling public,
they should be allowed to remain! They
say that the saloons are In the hold of
ihe boat, away from public view and that
only those who desire to patronize them
ever see them. If they have to go, they,
the liquor men, would like to know some
lhing definite en the matter, as this state
of uncertainty upsets their business and
makes everything go by sixes and sevens.
Among railroad men the general Im
pretslon is that Kruttschnitt .wishes .the
bars to go, but the protest made to
Hays by the liquor men has had the effect
of postponing the consummation of the
Mrs. Ida F. Revington. residing, with
her husband at 536 Turk street, commit
ted suicide early yesterday morning by
swallowing carbolic acid. Mrs. Revington
had boen an invalid, for a long: time and
became despondent. Her husband, who
is an employe of Charles Lyon. the tailor,
•awoke at half past 3 In the morning and
found his wife in a stupor. He immedi
ately sent for a physician, but when med
ical assistance arrived she was beyond
all hope. She was 32 years of age and a
native of the -Baltic provinces.
Suicide of Mrs. Revington.
Order. Concerning Bay
Ferry-Boats Modified
by Kruttschnitt.
N. B.— President . and Mrs. McKinley
recently acknowledged with cordial
thanks the receipt of a package of Alladio
Royal California Cream Cheese, the most
delicious article in the market. •
DON'T FAIL TO ASK at ~ any delica
tessen grocery or market for Alladio
Royal California Cream Cheese; aTso
served with the best 50 cent lunch and 75
cent dinner (wine included) in the city at
the Maison Alladio, 104 Grant avenue.
Telephone Bush 203. . - ;
THIRTY DAYS
MORE FOR BARS
Kruttschnltt reform scheme 'lip to the
present time and will eventually result
in allowing the bars to remain where
they are.
There are 1 very few American • commer
cial agencies , In Italy.' The Italian - trade
is 'mainly handled by the; Paris agents of
the American firms. ¦ - - - - f .'
Navajo t Blankets : and Indian : Curios.
Another large shipment received by H. E
Skinner Company. .416 Market street.-:*
In the course of time Neill allied him
self with a manager named Giffen, and
the Glften-Neill Company played in Den
ver, Colo. This was in 1S94. The company
did .not meet with the greatest 1 success
and the management was in sore financial
straits. : It was then that Timothy Daniel
Frawley came to the rescue. His loan of
$800 proved .the . salvation of the enter
prise, i Fortune smiled on Neill and the
company began to; play to. big ¦ houses.
Neil! then sent "another company , to the
Northwest. In this company was Fraw
ley, and after ' a . successful engagement
Timothy," who was a i thrifty member of
tlie> profession, had '¦ money In the bank.
Frawley telegraphed - Neill and * asked :¦ if
he was willing . to sell his shares in :the
company, and as Neill was willing Fraw
ley. soon became a, full-fledged -manager.
The Frawley, Company made its debut at
the- Columbia and >local play
goers 'can recall how popular ¦ it became. 1 "
Blanche Bates achieved her first 'success
as a leading ¦ lady ; in his , company and
other well known -actresses and actors
have won honors under the Frawley ban
ner.', ¦ ¦¦¦:¦' -¦ : . ¦ ¦ ¦ - ..-; ••'¦:•
¦\. The: Neill Company L has also prospered,
and. as both managers are now playing in
this city it. was decided • to commemorate
the anniversary of thelr-Joint debut in the
theatrical world with - a banquet, which
was a, grand success. ¦ '•}';'¦¦
Nineteen years ago Neill and Frawley
answered an advertisement' In a' dramatic
paper and both were accepted. '< They were
sons of Confederate olticers, and coming
as they did from the South and being in
the same company they naturally were
thrown much together and struck up a
friendship that bids fair to continue to
the end of their lives. Frawley had been
an amateur actor and belonged to an as
sociation in Washington. Neill, who is a
native of Savannah, Ga., was a- member
of the John T. ' Ford Amateur .Dramatic
Association. They began ;. their profes
sional stage. careers as members of a com
pany that was producing a* highly suc
cessful play called "Only, a- Farmer's
Daughter." Helen Blythe, who is, remem
bered by- old timers, was the star.-. Their
experience In the profession was not un
like those -of many 'others. .They under
went, hardships, had their successes and
failures and like true friends shared their
purses and pleasures. ' . -' ¦ ¦ .
Neill and Frawley started out as actors
together, and the subsequent career of
each is full of interesting • Incidents.
Among other, things is the; fuc.t'not'een
erally known that the success' of both
managers was due to the sum, of jsOu,
which was advanced by Frawley to his
lriend Neill. ' ' :
It was a. happy gathering of footllght
favorites that sat down to. the sumptuous
repast. Speeches were delivered by Mr.
Frawley and Mr. Neill. They recounted
to their friends how they, had started out
on the road to win fame and to what ex
tent they had achieved it. Graceful little
speeches were made also by - Miss Marie
Van Buren. Miss Julia "Dean,- 'Frank Mc-
Vicker and others. ¦ ¦ ¦¦ ; +i
James Neill and T. Daniel Frawley,
actor-managers and churns^ since - boy
hood, renewed the bond of friendship that
exists between them by giving a banquet
at the California Hotel in the early hours
of Saturday morning'. It was the nine
teenth anniversary of their professional
debut, and to fittingly celebrate the occa
sion the members. of both the Neill and
the Frawley companies were invited to be
present. • • ¦>¦-:''•> .' '.I- -:. ¦•:
Actors Neill I and Fraw
ley Celebrate an An
• niversary.
Trapper's Oil cures rheumatism and neuralgia.
Druggists, 50c flask. Richards & Co.. 406 Clay. •
fourth to Twenty-third streets at the rate
of fifteen or twenty miles an hour. Mrs.
Simmons saw the car coming, and .when
she reached the track about thirty feet
north of Twenty-third street '. stepped
back. as if to wait until the car passed.
Then, when the car, which had reached
the level and was only ten or fifteen feet
away, began to • Blacken its speed, she
stepped upon the track, and notwith
standing all the efforts of the motorman
to stop the car struck her violently and
hurled, her into the street. The verdict
was a surprise.
A verdict of "accident" was rendered
in the case of Frank McHenry. who waa
killed under similar circumstances by be
ing run bver by the San Jose train on
Harrison street, between Fourteenth and
Fifteenth, last Tuesday morning. _ . .
The tendency of the average small boy
to skylark and disobey order3 was ex
emplified yesterday by the evidence taken
in the Inquest on the body of Edward
Mellin, a 14-year-old lad, who was killed
last Thursday by falling down an elevator
shaft in the Union Lithographing Com
pany's building at 325 Sansome street. ~ -
The testimony of Bert S. Hubbard, the
manager, and other employes was that
an order had been issued about a year
ago forbidding boys to use the freight
elevator or to be upon the same unless
In the Divorce Court.
Helen M. Kline has been granted a di
vorce from Ernest R. Kline on the ground
of willful neglect. Suits for divorce have
been filed by William J. Corlett against
Eva Corlett, for desertion: Eunice Wil
son against William F. Wilson, for deser
tion, and Palmyre Pire against Julius Piro
for desertion. . .
The Singling Brothers Will To-Day
Give Their Last.Two.Per
; formances.
Ringling Bros.', circus was crowded last
night. The people v poured in until it
seemed as if they "would neve'r stop, and
the management was finally obliged to
order the sale of tickets stopped, all the
seats having been taken. - - ; ' .-
Not a reserved seat v^as to be had after;
7:45. It' was a jolly crowd, a glad-they
.were-tnere and . don't-fret. gathering, and
it seemed to enjoy, every minute. The;aft
•ornoon show was*- almost as largely at
tended as that of the evening.
'•'There' Is a good reason for all this
prosperity," says James Jay Brady, the
famous circus expert. "The mammoth
shows of the Ringiing Bros, are conspicu
ous for finish, which makes an evening
spent at them a delight in every way.
'ihe animals are healthy, well kept and
well selected," the tents are clean and
commodious, the attaches civil and a
grand programme is offered."
And then Brady, the expert, tells of
things as they seem to the man on the
insiae: "The management of the arena,
which falls to the lot of Al Ringling. is a
wonderful piece of work. Standing near |
the centerof the tent, with eye alert and i
active mind, not a thing going on under
the big tent escapes his notice. The per
formers obey the sound of the. whistle
implicitly, and | the pUeasing manner in
which each . exhibition . blends into its
successor leaves nothing to be desired in;
the way of continuous entertainment. Not
only do the performers obey Mr. Ring
ling, but every one of the ropemen and
ringcIeareTS moves like clockwork.' The
nets' are whipped off in a twinkling, tra
pezes and slack wires disappear and the
big platforms used by John O'Brien in
his wonderful sixty-one-horse act are re
moved in less time than it takes to
tell it. - . -. ¦••.•- .
"The circus must prove a never-ending
delight to the children, for. Ringling Bros,
seem • to have made a special effort to
give them pleasure. There are- forty
clowns, each one funny. , r .
"One of the' most remarkable features
of the show is the slack wire work of the
Holloway trio, two men and a woman,
who perform a series of feats upon a
slender wire which for novelty' and. dar
ing stands unexcelled. Miss -^Amelia
Feely.a graceful bareback rider, is an
other feature of the show. She is but. 17
years old, yet her performance t is not
equaled by any other artist in her line."
The last performance will be given to
night, after' which the : show will break
camp and exhibit- in San Jose Monday.
No other circus has ever given satisfac
tion ' here equal to that of the Ringling
Bros., and it will be the wish of every
one that it may be an; annual visitor, to
the coast. Two performances, the last,
will be given to-day at 2. and 8. o'clock. ¦ «•
When the -barkeeper : sets out . Jesse .. Moore
"AA" he elves the customer the best in the
bouse. ¦' . •
Both to Bs Hanged.
Juan Gonzales; and Jose Costa, who
foully murdered Antonio Ruis at. the
New Mdria 1 mine, in '¦. San Benito County,
on ] April ¦¦ 24, and who are to be .- executed
for the crime, were:brought to this city
last night by: Sheriff Coxen' and lodged
in the City Prison. They will be taken
to" San Quentin to-morrow morning. ..-: ¦,
RENEW BONDS
OF FRIENDSHIP
Harriman admitted that when he saw
the boy on the elevator he did not order
him to get off. The jury «_ however, ren
dered'a verdict of ' accidental death and
did not attach any blame to the company.
The elevator, In charge of Harriman,
stopped at the fourth floor with a packing
case containing ¦ a perforator. While the
case was being .unloaded young Mellln
left his work and got on the elevator. An
unfortunate movement of tho apparatus,
lowering the elevator about three feet
and tipping the case against the boy,
caused him to fall through a space be
tween the elevator floor and a window
down to the basement, four floors below.
Jesse Wyssenberg, the porter, or Ralph
M. Harriman, the stock clerk, was on the
elevator also.
CIRCUS EXPEET BRADY
CRITICIZES THE SHOW
j The ceremony was_the consummation of
"a" romance . that had its inception behind
the- footlights : of .. the Alcazar Theater.
¦For, the last month* the bride has been
playing small parts in the productions of
Miss -Florence Roberts. '-.-. The groom has
been doing likewise, but under, the criti
cal eye of L'ewis Morrison, whose especial
pupihhe is.;; While waiting, for their cues
Cupid.implanted his arrow in their. breasts
iand tiiey "succumbed to his deadly aim.
•Their •= eyes, .despite their efforts at se
crecy, betrayed their . fondness for each
other- and a. week ago the. rumor was rife
that the pair were contemplating matri
•mony.., . ...., ;-¦¦¦.-¦ < - ¦¦¦ .¦¦'-"
i Both being of age, they decided to enter
the- life of connubial bliss.' It was hoped
ito keep the affair a prbfound secret, but,
like all secrets, it leaked out. The couple
yesterday • secured ! a license and then
wended their way to Rev. John Stephens',
church, where- the ceremony was per
formed. Harry - Gendinning, a mutual
friend of the happy pair, and the, sexton
of the church werethe only witnesses to
the ceremony.- • • ¦ -.'¦ ' ' •
Last night Mr. ah,d Mrs. Dean appeared
in "Romeo^and Juliet," but only the ini
tiated in the company were 'aware that
there was a newly married couple in the
aggregation. :
Mr. Dean is a son of the late Peter
Dean, the well-known banker. He inher
ited a fortune and is now living on the
interest of his money. Beingr ambitious to
win histrionic honors, he placed himself
under the mantle of Lewis Morrison and
has .been coached by that well-known ac
tor. Miss Wally is also ambitious to shine
in the histrionic world. She has shown
much talent and is in a fair way to suc
cess. She is very pretty and accomplish
ed. She is a Titian blonde and has a very
striking tigure. She is extremely popular
with the Alcazar company: "
iThe newly wedded pair will depart for
San Diego on September 18, and will con
tinue their, honeymoon journey as far as
! Panama. On ; their return to this city
both will resume their stage career.
Etta "Wally and Benjamin were
united in the bonds of matrimony yester
day by the. Rev.. John Stephens, pastor of
the Simpson Memorial M. E> Church.
The ceremony -; was | performed at high
noon, but .there were no decorations on
the' altar; the \ organ • did not' peal forth
the wedding march' from' "Lohengrin," nor
did the bride march'down the center aisle
attended by- bridesmaids and maids of
honor. . On^.the . contrary, . the ceremony
was most formal arid secret in a measure.
The- announcement- of the marriage was
not to have been made known for some
days.' • ' .. • ,- ; - v • ' 'I
Benjamin Dean, Banker's. Son,
, and - Etta' Wai ly Are
• - 1 Made One.
in Secret.
• -- .¦ ¦ ¦ - .¦ • ,-. ¦ - ,. ,
Members of the Alcazar
Company Married
TAKE THEIR CUE
FROM DAN CUPID
CORONER'S JURY
PLACES BLAME
- "We hold the company guilty, of . care»
lessness" was the reproof of the Coroner's
jury In the inquest on the body of .Mrs.
Lucy Simmons, ,who was struck by a car
of the "Twenty-second street line - last
Monday and sustained a fatal fracture of
the skull. The evidence was that, the car
in charge of Motorman W. B. Lauderbach
and " Conductor Charles . Elsensteln came
down the Dolores-street hill from Twenty-
Lax Discipline. Contributes to
the Killing of i the Boy
Censures Street Railway
Company for Mrs.
Simmons' Death.
THE. SAN FRA^S CISCO .CAjLL, • :; SUiNDAYv ; SEPTEMBER Jl, 1901.
22
ADVERTISEMENTS. '¦'¦'
— — © \(0W\^^ ==— =
Our entire stock of new fall and winter' underu-ear has arrived direct from the mills, and
is now on exhibition. Never have we carried, displayed or ; offered such a magnificent
assortment. They are in Cotton, Lisle Thread, Silk,- Merino, Wool,' and Silk and Wool mixed..
All high grade garments. Perfection in every detail; correct styles that are ma'de to wear and.
look well and fit comfortably. New, reliable goods are here at incomparably low prices.
Values for To-morrow
Special at 50c each /Special at •$1.25 a suit /, '.-,,;> /
Ladies' medium weight ribbed .Underwear, 'Ladies' ribbed Combination Suits, Long,
manufactured from the best quality of combed sleeves, Ankle - length, made from the-best-'
Maco cotton, giving the garments a smooth quality Macb cotton; neck and front' of gar- '
finish equal to the most expensive underwear me ht finished with silk crochet ; comes in
made; comes in colons White and Gray in white in heavy and medium" weight— extra .;
Vests, Pants and Equestrienne Tights, ex- value at $1.25 a suit. - : ..
ceptional value 50c each. . , . > ;
Special at 75c each Special at 00 each: '¦
Ladies' fine ribbed cashmere underwear, Ladies' fine quality merino \underweaf,-
comes in colors white and natural in Vests and medium weight, comes,, in colors natural and *
Pants — one of the best values ever offered in white in Vests, Pants and Equestrienne Tights «
the underwear department at 75c each. —Special price 1.00 each. , ' ¦ ¦• , ;
¦ .Fall Opening of ;
Laces and Trimmings >
-We announce the Opening of our Fall Importations of Laces and Dress Trimmings.
A showing that should be seen in its present entirety by every lady who wishes to keep in touch
with the newest. Latest Paris creations are here in special styles and handsome designs. Rich
and beautiful materials^— making a most elaborate collection and excelling all past. seasons in .
grandeur. We deem it a pleasure to show such goods whether you buy or not.
InmminO'Q* Including the choicest 1 y ar»pc» In all the very latest Square
A liiiilllillgd. Chiffon A ppH qu es in .>M*VV? • -Mesh. or Filet effects in All-
all widths. Handsome Black Silk Passe- overs, insertings and Festoons in both Ecru
menteries on Chiffon and Net. Black and and Black — Medallions of all sizes ( and des-
White Silk Appliques combined with newest criptions — Venice Galoons, choice ' beautiful
colored embroidery. Spangled Passemen- goods in the handsomest of designs and some of
taries in all widths in entirely new designs. the richest goods that do not lend themselves ¦
Velvet Bands beautifully embroidered for' easily to description — must be seen.to.be.
evening wear. t appreciated. . •
i ¦ ¦
Valona Cloth-i5c yard Muslin Skirts-$ 1.50 each *
Valona cloth is a serviceable twilled material, Closing-out — Special lot of Ladies' White
suitable for ladies' Wrappers and Kimonas, Muslin Under-skirts that are ' nicely made,
comes 27 inches wide in the : prettiest of some with a deep flounce of embroidery, others
stripes, floral and Persian designs in colors : Red with tucks and embroidery. Not one reserved,
Blue, Pink, Gray and Tan. Price while they all to go at the special price of $1.50 each.,
last 15c a yard. ~ , . . .
I KtarnyandSutt$r$tmtV\
0 <$^&§^®f®^®^®<&§&$^®®<$> @
I mjllineryI
I : OPENIISIG|. I
| Fill and Winter Season, I
I FflJDAY AND SATURDAY, |
I September 6th and 7th. I
Our. French" pattern Hats'' rind. 4
Bonnets,* also :eleRa/it creations' T
-. from four/ ' workroom. » will v be 4
ready for your inspection. All in- t f
<g>'.vited; no one expected to| pur-'X
- chase. ' :''•':,*.'•-¦¦- ¦' . "" <$>
<4> 1^. B-H B B B H y %¦». <h
± *^S *— / ; * ¦ .' * \*3* ; 9 t
<& 8O8 Market St, y%
$• ;r ;phelanabuilding. • |
£./.':,-.::- . ¦¦,::-:,; ./ - ; . •/ . \ $>
tu.»k>im«l{\iri<im^itwt\\imtmimi i niifw«ii»«''i ¦ Hi <n M »ii..ii i
On Monday, September 2d, we will
have on display complete lines of
NE\V GOODS.
Black Silks.
Black Brocaded Silks and Satins, the newest
dress and skirt materials for autumn, 1 also
Black StriDed Satin and Faille.
Velvet Dept.
Complete assortment of all the latest shades
in French and German Hand Loom Velvets,
All Silk Panne Velvets and Milliner]] Vel-
vets; also English Cordurous an.d Velveteens.
Black^fioods Dept
New Black French Satin Finish Venetians,
50, 52 and 54 inches wide— so much in de-
mand for tailor-made costumes,
Colored Cloths,
Elegant line- of New Broadcloths, Venetians
% and Covert Cloths, 50 to 56 inches wide, in
all the latest shades for autumn,
Dress Goods Dept.
New importation Unfinished Worsteds, 50
to 56 inches wide, all solid colors and newest
shades for Fall, 1901. ,. -
OUR SPECIAL SALE WHITE BLANKETS WILL
CONTJNUE ALL THIS WEEK.
0(&m<rts 9
HI. 113. 115. 117. 119. 121 POST STREET.
EXPEET OPTICIAN. ' •
aMportejT
Of the San Francisco Daily BuIIe-'.
tin .highly ¦ recommends . i*lr.
George. Mayerle, the Gcrmap'
Expert Optician, \O?\% Market
Street.- '.. ',"' ;
• i MEShScbSk "* ft "* > ri^^* i
(Extract from "The San Francisco Bulletin.")
Numerous Inquiries made -by '.'The Bulle-
tin's'-- reporter- among' those who wear Mr.
Mayerle's- glasses regularly showed clearly
that* In-each" case perfect • satisfaction had been
¦ piven. and this fact - applied to numerous
COMPLICATED CASES. .
: German Eye water 50c.
Consultation. Examination and Advice Free:
Telephone, South 572. Open Evenings until 9.
GEORGE MATERLE, German Expert Opti-
cian. Charter member American Association
of Opticians: also graduate of the American
College of Ophthalmology:
\Q7\Yz Moii-tcest Street
(Opposite Hibernla Bank), San Francisco. Cal.
• See; City Directory for Eye Specialists. -
: Persons ordering glasses by mall should ptate
their age; also whether glasses are wanted for
reading or -distance, or both, and what price.
K^-'J^ CUT THIS OUT.; &¦£<.-.? j
DR. G. B. SUSSDORFF,',
Late Superintendent Physician City '
and County Hospital. \
MENTAL" AND NERVOUS DISEASES. |
SPECIFIC TREATMENT i||
For UQUOR and MORPHINE HABITS. ( (
Twenty Tears*. Experience. I
Patients may be treated at boms or prt- . '
?ate sanitarium. Office Glasgow Bulldlas. \
105 Ellis *t.. near Powell. Hours. 10 to 13 /
a. m.. 5 to 4 p. m. \
VHB J. NOONAN FURNITURE CO., Inc.
- /
TABLES!
We carry a magnificent line of Li-
brary an3 Center Tables in polished
' oak and cherry. They are beauti-
fully carved and finished. Brass .
claws hold the large glass balls upon
whi<i the legs rest. Prices mod-
- eratdSo are the prices on our. whole
line of house furnishing goods. \
THE J. NOON AN FURNITURE GO., Inc.,
IOI7-IO23 MISSION STREET, \
Above Sixth, San Francisco. • (
We close at 6 p. m. every day but Saturday. \
EXPERT
"! EYE-GLASS
....WORK.
Oculists* Prescription Glasses
made to order in one hour.
Quick Repairing. Factory on Premise*.
PHONE MAIN IO.
OPTICIANS^^--^.
642 Market St. immrumwts
u*3cb chrowcu BUU.DIN&. CATALOGUE fRi*.
S3 vSSSm ¦ k. Tnr^n nl Cr tt>% r3
Bjft^lSpl • Ha m SS 1 !
RPTTQW17Q F0R BARBERS. BAK-
DXlUuIlJuO^. bootblacks, bath-
-. - ¦•'•-. houses, billiard tables,
brewers, bookbinders, candy-makers, canners..
dyers, flounnills, foundries, laundries, paper-
hangers, printers, painters, shoo factories,
stablemen, tar- roofers, tanners, tailors, etc. '
BUCHANAN BROS. ;
Brush Manufacturers, 60S Sacramento St
f ROBERT WALLACE I
•^4 219 Grant Avenue.; *£•
| fiRAND OPENING, MONDAY, SEPT. 2 %
& r-Jyki nit 'if *
f :-^irff l; Milli'nery->*-
•& Wmw*^ AMERICAN and
-% £^^^&k^L_ IMPORTED;' • 4&
I Sealskin w Fur I
<P '¦¦- ' >\ "VTT/^^h #«
Grin on to flGrmonto ¦*
|MliiD ¦ w$ ltqIIIIgIIiS
§' of Every ' j^^^s °^ very -' &
4!* Description. ;. -$J^|P% Description. §•
I • SKIRTS. ;¦: ¦¦^S^^^^S!}: ';* .
Handsomest tine 6i JVTisses' Garments
ever shown in SanvFrancisco. '¦•*.-
.^ *^* «|i i|i 4^i i^& 4* j^i <t|i 4^* iji tji«i^ ifi ifi i|i i|iifii|i
I fm new shoes really means every desirable quality, I
tg for only good shoes are comfortable. We have i
f ' SIw $3.50 DEPARTMENT I
9 . of footwear for men and women, assortments of i
g ; shoes irTati our newest exclusive shapes and every I
g* material, which are perfectly comfortable. We keep' : ,k 8
| them in the extreme sizes and widths, and can * 1 flSAN RAFAEL. Aug. 31.— In the
most sensational paper chase that
was ever held in this county R.
A. Clark and Miss Annette-Brad
shaw rode to victory and won all
honors. Two men were badly Injured and,,
several horses were badly torn* by fright
ful falls. George Huie of this city was
one of the unfortunates. - When about to
enter the straightaway his horse felland
he sustained a fractured arm and many
bruises. Further on, several hundred
yards from the flags, while making a
TWO ATHLETIC TOUNG WOMEN WHO. HAVE . DISTINGUISHED THEMSELVES RESPECTIVELY IN THE TEN
NIS COURT AND IN THE EXCITING PAPER CHASE, AND A VIEW OF THE CROWD THAT WAS PRES
ENT AT YESTERDAY'S MEET. , . '. ' ' . • , •
;¦ CANTON, 1 Aug. 31;— President McKinley
and ; party will • leave Canton Wednesday
morning for r Buffalo *- going by way : of
Cleveland. '.j • ¦ .- ; - '.•,-v"
Going to . the Exposition^
SAN JOSE, Aug. 3L— The San Josf and
Santa Clara Street Railroad Company to
daj>-reduced. through fares from ten to
five cents.
Hallway -Reduces Fares.
NOGALES. A. T.. Aug. . i 31.— Unltea
States Customs Collector Hoey, charged
with smuggling Chinese across the border
from Mexico, gave bonds to-day and was
released.- • ¦'- > . .
Collector Hoey GiVes Bonds.
• HAVANAV-'.'Aug. , 31.— The * Discuslon
says to-day that Upmann & Co., German
bankers of .Havana, ihave been robbed of
$28,000 ' by ithe\ same-' man who recently
robbed the Spanish bank'. Upmann refuses
to say anything regarding, the affair.' w.^
Robbery ,/of a' Havana Bank.
MOUNTAIN VIEW. Aug. 31.— Only eight
votes were cast to-day against the- pro
posed 'Issue of ¦ $7000 bonds for a high
school in this district. . /
'High School for Mountain View.
BAKER CITY, Or.. Aug. 3L— The City
Council opened bids for the ' sale of $20,
000 worth of city bonds- this' afternoon.-
The bid of F. S. Lack of Baker City, "who
offered to lake the whole issue at par and
6 per cent Interest without any premium,
ivas accepted. . HSftj
Sale of Baker City Bonds.
. MANAGUA; Nicaragua, Aug. '31.— The
Nicaraguan *. Congress haa approved , the
treaty of amity and commerce .with Mex
ico, 1 postponed the Merry-Sanson commer
cial treaty .with the United States and in
dorsed President. Zelaya's acts of the past
year through his Cabinet "officials.
Zelaya's Action Is 'Approved.
BUFFALO. N. .Y.. Aug. 31.-The general
assignment of Levy. &: Co. .'manufacturers
of and wholesale dealers , in 1 ready-made
clothing, was :filed with ; the , County Clerk
to-day. The assignment named the nomi
nal; consideration of $1. and -no preferred
creditors were named, except employes."'
Manufacturers Make an Assignment.
POTTSVILLE. Pa.. Aug. '31.— The pow
der mills , at:- Krebs Station were- totally
destroyed by a terrific explosion at noon
to-day and two men were instantly killed.
.They are Iris Rupert and Richard Houser.
both of Krebs , Station. • ', '\',~.
Powder. Mills Destroyed.
PENDLETON..Or.. Aug. 31.— Ed Brlsbo
has. resigned office as "chief of Indian po
lice on the Umatllla reservation, and has
leftfor Butte, Mont. He says -.that, friends ¦
of-Black Horn, an Indian: whom Brisbo
shot while the former was resisting ar
rest several weeks ago, are 'after him. I
Black Horn, who was badly." "wounded,
died last week. " ; . . -
Fears Vengeance of -Indians.
, MILWAUKEE, Aug. 31.— Julius Van
Steen, employed as cashier at the Pfelster
& Vogel tannery, was- arrested to-iay
on a' warrant charging him with embez
zling 3 $10,000 . from ; his^ Employers. Van
Steen was taken into^the District Court,
pleaded guilty to the charge "and was
bound over; for trial., • An expert is now
examining the books. , -
Cashier . Guilty of Embezzlement.
NAPA. Aug. 31.— The annual conference
and camp meeting of the Advent Christian
Church of the. Northern California dis
trict has been In session here for ten days.
It will close to-morrow night. State ofH
eere have been chosen as follows: .Gen
eral superintendent, T.' H. Organ of Santa
Cruz; secretary. F. L. Taylor of An
tioch; treasurer. G. W. Place of Santa
Cruz; conference committee— T. H. Or
gan, H. F. Carpenter of Santa Clara, Wil
liam Snider of Santa Cruz ' and W. H.
Fwitzer of Kapa-
Adventists in Conference.
SAN JOSE, Aug. 30.— John W. Piper,
one of the heirs '.of the. famous " Piper
estate, was to-day made the defendant in
a $50,000 damage suft by Oliver W. New
ton, a bell boy formerly employed at the
Hotel St. James in this city.^who alleges
he l:as suffered to this extent because of
Piper's infamous acts. ¦ * »
Sues Piper for Damages.
BAKER CITY, Or., Aug. 31.— Walter
Collier, a young man 20 years of age. was
shockingly' injured by a. blast in a tun
nel in the Oro FIno mine near Alamo yes
terday. Both legs and one 1 arm were
shattered and'- his back was Injured. He
is still alive, and the doctors have hopes
'of saving his life.- .
Mangled by a Blast.
SEATTLE. Aug. 31.— Norman E. Smith.
a well known mining man of Alaska, and
San Francisco capitalists have under
taken to establish a stage line, .between
Ilcamana Bay, Cook Inlet, St. Michael
and Nome, a distance of about 600 miles.
The enterprise will Involve an expense of
$200,000. Seattle will be the headquarters
of the company, which will be. styled the
Trans-sAlaskan Company. . . , >.--.*: v
Stage Line on Alaskan Coast.
You are therefore requested -to meet- at the
city ' of ¦• Sacramento ' on Wednesday. September
12, at 1 p. m., at some, hall , we will designate
later -to consider these matters In detail. - ;
C. S.. SMITH,
President San Joaquln * Commercial Associa
* ip^ ''.'a.'I.-* S. GREEN,
President 'Sacramento Valley Development As;
sbciation.
Thcrehas been some discussion among prom
intnt: wheat growers of California upon the
advisability of holding a' meeting to consider
the propriety of perfecting, an organization for
mutual benefit, and the undersigned have been
requested to take action In the matter. The
grower's 'are aware of the fact that In this day
of organization they are further behind than
any ' other industry. n» -.America. They must
take" what. 'they are offered . without , knowing
why the. offer Is, high or low. It mlgrht be
possible" to"*so organize as to exploit markets;
know' where . to sell .and when' to sell; know
the state of, the foreign markets and the.con
dition : of transportation; nrtght even combine
as fully as the prune or the raisin Interests.
SACRAMENTO, Aug. 31.— The follow
ing address to the wheat growers of Cali
fornia has been Issued:.
SANTA' ROSA, Aug. 31.-R. B. E. Col
lier of San Francisco and Miss . Nellie
Smith were married -here to-night. The
groom holds a position with Holbrook,
Merrill &" Stetson. The bride Is a daugh
,ter of the late Dr. R. Press Smith.' An
elaborate church wedding was followed
by a reception in the bride's home.
Collier-Smith Wedding.
[I "The" regatta? and j field contests have
been . most -successful," said ' Captain
James'of the Olympic Club to-night, "and
the Californians- are "highly; pleased with
the treatment ; accorded them. .We will
be! back next, year, "you may.: rest as
sured."* .' '¦;,•'• f-ci ' ¦-..,..¦ . .. •. .
1 The condition of hhe 80,000 acres of Gov
ernment-land is such now that the flocks
and: herds, of » the cattlemen and settlers
of Klamath County, have free -access . to
the Immense body .'of. land that, the Carr
Company has had the exclusive use of for
so. many, years.'; ''¦_'••
the 1 Olympics ¦ .in .• time -'which approached
the record for the distance four-fifths of
a minute. . The [ distance was -made in
2:50. Each" man ran 352 yards, and the
average time was :42%. • Kerrigan of v Mult
n'otnah took the^high Jump, while Murphy,
also'of Multnornah. took' the 120-yard, hur
dle. At the " conclusion of -the meet the
medals were j presented by • her Majesty
Queen-Ivy. >.¦;,;.?. . ,¦••?¦„-
ASHLAND,' Or., Aug. 31.— Deputy
United States Marshal. S. L. \ Morse re
turned from Tule" Lake, in Klamath
County; this morning, whither he' went to
carry out the .instructions of. United
States , Judge. Bellinger to tear down the
fence erected by the Jesse D. Carr Land
and Livestock Company, illegally'Inclos
ing 80,000 acres of the public domaln.f Con
trary to expectation^ there was no objec
tion made by the representatives of the
Carr Company to" the razing of the fence.
With the assistanceof some of the com
pany's employes the Deputy United States
Marshal .''made, extensive openings in the
fence for.a distance "of four .townships.
J Lamberson -of > Portland won the : con
solation single ¦ scull, f rom • Patton. 'Time,
11:23. ' In the v afternoon" the field 'sports
took | place ' at the ¦ park, j where several
thousand people 'saw the Olympic , Club
track' team cover itself with glory. Ex
cluding the relay race, the Olympic. team
: took eight firsts out of a possible ten, and
in one event the San Franciscans, were not
enteredf They 'carry: home with, them a
bunch , of -trophies ; well .worth the
trip:. Gerhardt. and 'Garcia. were the stars
!of the day, each .getting two firsts. , The
former took the^ 100 and ;220 yard runs,
; while :, Garcia walked • oft* -i with i the - half
mile r and % mile. „ LJgda . won : the 220-yard
hurdle;' Hussey j the broad : jump and Cut
ter; the pole vault. 'The, magnificent cup
off ered * f or ' the relay " race ' was " taken by
¦ The four-oared barge resulted in a sur-'
prise, the champion Alameda crew losing
to the i Portland Rowing : Club. ' It . , was
originally Intended that the^Portlanders"
shell should be rowed against the Ala
meda barge, ¦• but the Oregon crew, bor
rowed the. South . End! barge./ The.,Ala
medas . were confident -of success, ' but
were beaten by nearly two lengths. -The
Portlanders 'pulledja long stroke, being
used to shell-work, arid though the Cali
fornians made a hard* effort to win, "they
could . not | overcome "the i lead --which ' had
been gained." The 1 Portlanders rowed a
fine race and richly "deserved their victory.
Time, 10:47. .'-„ ; ... j '.-
This morning. F.'.W. Ayres.of the-Ala
meda Boating Club won the coast cham
pionship in : the' senior outrigger skiff
event, defeating' PeabrokeT Ayres had an
easy thing of it' and won handily. Time,
12:37. ¦ : s :. • ] ; . '"." •-. / : -
ASTORIA, Aug. • 31.— The most success
ful regatta ;eyer;\ held in the; West- came
to a close here .to-day. During the three
days the weather was fine and attendance
very large. . The sport,' too, was excellent, 1
and the local management "is .highly sat
isfied. • - ' . K " : ¦ ~ ' ¦
SAN JOSE, Aug. 3L— Albert Schoenen
berger, who was Injured by the falling of
a superstructure at the Fredericksburg
Brewery In this city on October 8, 1900,
to-day brought suit for $30,000 damages
against the San Francisco Breweries;
limited, the owners of the local brewery.
Fehoenenberger was a boiler master and
he and Anthony JezorskI were caught un
der the falling debris and Injured.
Schoenenberger was so badly injured that
it was necessary to amputate a leg. In
the complaint he alleges that prior to hav
ing been injured he had earned a salary
cf JSO a month, but he has since been in
capacitated for work and damaged to the
extent ot $30,000.
Wants Damages for Loss of "Leg.
Special Dispatch to The "Call.
Call Is Issued for a
Convention at the
Capital. .
Throws jOpen Vast Tract
of Land to Klamath
Stockmen.'
Astoria Carnival Comes
to Successful
. End;
SANTA ROSA, Aug. 31.— Fred Ball of
San Francisco, a young man employed
as a lineman in the construction of the
California Central Electric Company's big
power line from Tuba to. this city,- fell
from the top of a 35-foot pole -yesterday
and sustained what are supposed to be
fatal injuries. He Is now In Sonoma,
whither -he was taken after the accident.
Lineman Has Serious Pall.
' PORT TOWNSEND, Aug. 3L— The
steamship Manauense, which was report
ed disabled 300 miles . off Cape Flattery*
arrived here this afternoon under both
steam and sail and proceeded to Seattle
for repairs. The Manauense was bound
to St. Michael from Vancouver, . B. C,
with a cargo for Dawson, and on August
25 broke her shaft. She drifted about on
a smooth sea for several days and finally
the chief engineer succeeded in fixing the
shaft so that the vessel could make about
five miles an hour.
Overdue Steamship in Port.
DEPUTY RAZES
CARR'S FENCE
OLYMPICS WIN
FIELD EVENTS
TACOMA. Aug. 2L-A special from
Dawson, printed In Skaguay. says . that
Dawson Is the central market for a vast
extent of fur-bearing country, comprising
many thousands of square miles, stretch
ing east and west from Mackenzie Basin
to the Coast Range, and north and south
from Porcupine to Hootalinaua, In this
area 1000 men are engaged in hunting and
trapping, exclusive of Indians, and from
Dawson 40.000 peltries are annually ex
ported to the markets of London and New
York. The industry yields revenue every
year of nearly $350,000. The season is now
at hand when hunters and trappers are
moving their outfits to the various rivers
and steamers, where they will winter, and
men are leaving Dawson almost daily for
their long sojourn In the wilderness.
Army of Hunters and Trappers.
Preliminary Operations Will Be Com
menced During the Present
Week.
m SAN DIEGO, Aug. 31.— The committee
of citizens thafh^is heen engaged In rais
ing a fund to make 'surveys and pur
chase right of way, for a railroad from
this city to Yuma practically completed
its work to-day. It has obtained upward
of $41,000, a sum In excess of that which
it had determined was necessary to begin
operations. The preliminary work will be
gin next week and will be under, the direc
tion'^ of a- consulting 1 engineer' now con
nected with a Western railroad.
FUNDS ABE. PLEDGED FOB
SAN DIEGO-YUMA LIKE
. The first place for gentlemen was won
by R. A. Clark. ' S. H. Boardman finished
second. Miss -Annette Bradshaw won. first
place among the. lady riders and will re
ceive the club's sliver cup. Miss D.
Jeffery was second. It was a driving fin
ish. With and spur the riders
plunged between the flags. There was
no cheering, however, several ' riderless
horses running about and Rothchild lying
on the ground . in the stretch causing
much anxiety. Quick, aid . was 'rendered
the injured and then the chase was over.
i'Aj . v, ~ - • . • "¦! ! I '. ~y
beth Dufflcy and Mrs. Irene Ward, S. B.
Cushlng, Mrs. A. M. Blaskower, John
Rlthet, James Stevenson, Mrs. J. J.
Crooks,' Dr. H.' O. Howitt and E. B. Mar
tinelli. . ¦ , >
Ijaper to make the trail. He laid the route"
across the? Forbes, Foster and Hotaling
ranches. • The flags were set on the ranch
of M. T. Freitas, who surrendered his
rights"for the day to the club. Among
those who entered the race were Frank
Johnson, Frank Glass, E. F. , Fischer,, G.
Quarre, Jlalton'. Curtis, D. Skinner, R.' B.
Rornisdh, Miss Maisy Crowley,. Miss B.
Bruce and H. Walter. After the start had
been made the roads were lined with car
riages going to the finishing point. Among
those present at the close were: Miss
Jariett Bruce, Mrs. Herman Heyneman,
Mrs. A. W. Foster and daughters. Dr. W.
F. Jones, Martin Bunell, Fredrick Green.
Ogden Hoffman and party, including
Colonel F. H. Seymour and the. Misses
Sutton, Judge W. W.'Morrow, Miss Ellza-
WHEAT GROWERS
WILL ORGANIZE
At 4 o'clock this afternoon the riders
assembled at the Hotel Rafael, from
which place the start was made. Some
time before -that; however, Louis Hughes,
"the "hare,'\ rode away with" his bags of
furious effort to come in first, the horse
ridden by John Rothchild fell, throwing
its rider heavily to the ground and frac
turing his . collar-bone. John Hoffman
also had a narrow escape. When about
halfway over the eight-mile course his
horse got off a narrow trail and rolled
down the hill. Hoffman escaped injury,
but his horse was badly hurt. Mrs.
Frances Farnsworth, ¦ 'who came • in first
at the last meet, also had a narrow es
cape. When about, to enter the straight
away her saddle turned, but she was un
injured.
STOCKTON.' Aug. 31.— The fortified and
double bulkheads at the Woodbridge dam
across the Mokelumne to conserve water
for irrigation are nearlng completion.. A
big force of men under the direction of
Clark and Henry is cutting brush and
hauling it to the water's "edge. The sheet
pii-ng Is being put in and Mr. Buckley of
the company says this will be finished by
September 16. The promoters of t.»e enter
prise say that the bulkheads on both
sides of the river will be so strengthened
as to prevent the possibility of the em
bankments washing out.. .
Monster Dam Nears Completion.
SAN JOSE, Aug. 31.— Owen D. Richard
son, an attorney of this city, was this
morning married to . Miss Margaret E.
Kibbe of San. Francisco In St. Luke's
Church in that city. The ceremony was
performed by Rev. Burr M. Weeden. -The
marriage' was a quiet affair, only the im
mediate relatives of the couple being
present After the ceremony Mr. and
Mrs. Richardson came to this city, where
they will reside. Mrs. Richardson Is the
daughter of Mrs. Eliza Kibbe of 2130
Geary street, San Francisco, who owns
much valuable property in that city.
Weds a San Francisco Miss.
It is believed that these men are part
of the gang that heldvup the Log Cabin
gambling house. in this city ten days ago.
Take TTp a Goodly Collection From a
Party of . Carousers in
Bourne. .
BAKER CITY, Or.. ATtg. 31— There was
a daring holdup In Bourne, this county,
last night During the afternoon two
well-dressed young men entered the sa
loon and gambling house of City Coun
cilman August Anderson and asked for a
drink, which was served to them. At 9:30
o'clock In the evening they returned,
wearing masks and arme.d with revol
vers, and commanded every one present
to throw up his hands. They obtained
$200 and departed in haste.
MASKED MEN HOLD UP
INMATES OF A SAXOOII
Monday will witness a great Labor day
calibration, in which several thousand
members of the trades unions will appear
in line. The parade will be followed with
a barbecue at Agricultural Park.
The main attraction on Monday after
noon, when the racing season cpens, will
be the Occident stake for 1901. in which
the total stakes foot up $2195. There will
be during the meeting seventy-two races,
of which forty-eight will be running and
twenty-four harness events.
The directors also appointed P. E.
Jones, advance starter; Y. Dorsey, whip
per-in; T. Halpln, clerk of the jockey
room; J. Dinnue, assistant marshal; John
S. Bronner, clerk of the scales; E. S.
Culver, clerk of the trotting course: Leslie
J. Crisler. assistant superintendent at the
track.
The following- appointees were an
nounced to-night: J. W. Brooks, starter;
Robert Shields, marshal; Fred Chase, en
try clerk for livestock; W. W. Coons, for
age clerk; Dr. D. F. Fox, Dr. A- M. Mc-
Collum, Dr. C. McGowan. veterinary sur
seens; Felix Dunn, financial secretary;
Frank de Long, J., Wolfskin, timers: C
E. Tranor, chief ticket clerk at the pa
vilion; E. J. Clark, chief ticket clerk at
the track; judges for first day's racing,
Frank Covey, C. W. Paine and Benjamin
Rush.
SACRAMENTO. Aug. 31.— An executive
meeting of the directors of the State Ag
ricultural Society was held this afternoon
for the purpose of selecting the officials
and employes for the State fair season
and to discuss finances.
Order and Look After the
Track Events.
ATTACHES ARE NAMED
FOR THE STATE FAIR
Men Who Will Sell Tickets, Keep
The Cured Fruit Association has issued
an' address to the growers mentioning the
breaking of the contract by the packers,
calling attention to the fact that the as
sociation will be prepared to handle the
fruit and reminding them of the terms of
their contract to deliver prunes to. the as
sociation. ' ' ¦'¦
association must direct its protest to the
growers who have disposed of their crop
to outsiders.
Packers' Company Declares It Is the
Growers Who Are Violating
Contracts. x
SAN JOSE, Aug. 31.— S. P. Sanders of
Cupertino was to-day elected a director
In the California Cured Fruit Association,
to fill a vacancy caused by the resigna
tion of J. O. Hayes. The directors con
sidered the handling of the coming prune
crop, but would make no statements.
Manager Ralph Hersey of the Packers 1
Company in an /interview says that the
Cured Fruit Association must hold its
members responsible for violation of Its
contracts, and not the Packers' Company.
If the crop has changed handsr individual
packers have bought the prunes and the
company has nothing to do with It. The
REPLIES TO PROTEST
OF PRUNE COMBINE
"I pledge you my word that in my
judgment you will lose two million dollars
that can be made on this season's crop if
you fail to sign the lease. There are hun
dreds of cars of last year's raisins still
on the market and the trade will there
fore be indifferent about ordering the new
crop. No power en earth can prevent the
market going to pieces if the association
fails to control the. new crop under 'the
Uase..;The old ; cC^vact Is . oC-no -value
whateVer'in thlsrrcsstd.". -v; v. .—--• -" • -¦
KEARNEY APPEALS TO
THE RAISIN-GROWERS
Says They Will Save Two Million
Dollars by Signing Contracts
"With the Association.
FRESNO, Auj,'. 31.— The Republican has
received a telegram from M. Theodore
Kearney, who' Is now in New York, ap
pealing to the raisin growers to sign the
contracts at once. Af te~r - urging ' the
raisin men to pin their faith to the ability
of the directors, Mr. Kearney says:
Although Terrell has been denounced as
a fraud by the NeTi/Tork World, he has
had a prosperous time.
In" Terrell's possession was found a list
of \ 200 persons in San Francisco from
whom -he had obtained sums of money.
Among these were Alex Greggains the
fighter, and F. S. Skaggs of the St. Nich
olas Hotel.
At the County ; Jail to-day Terrell said
his home -was in Utica, New Tork, and
that he was 28 years of age. He has fol
lowed the profession of a trick btcycle
rider since he was 14 years old, performing
on the streets and passing the hat. On
June 6, 1900, he left the New York World
office for a tour of the United States, but
he says he was not authorized by the
World. He came direct to San Francisco.
This was nine rnonths ago and since then
he has made a trip to New Orleans and
back, and also . to Portland, Oregon.
SAN JOSE, Aug. 31.— In Edmund G. Ter
rell, who was /brought back from San
Francisco to-day to answer to a charge of
haying robbed Louis Munk, Sheriff Lang
ford believes he has an all around crook,
and his record will" be thoroughly Investi
gated. Terrell beat Munk into uncon
sciousness and robbed him of nearly $50.
Terrell admits having been at the New
land Hotel drinking with Munk, but "says
that when he left to take a train for San
Francisco Munk wa^ still at the bar. Ter
rell denies any knowledge of the robbery.
Special j Dispatch to The . Call.
Ii appears that considerable gold which
has been sold in Tucson and elsewhere
came from these new diggings, which
were discovered months ago by the shep
herd and were worked quietly.
A laree number of claims have been
staked out and half dozen Americans are
taking out from S5 to $15 a day. They re
port that the ground becomes richer as
they get to bedrock. Water is scarce in
the canyon and they are ! compelled to
pack gravel which bears gold to a distant
stream. -"
The discovery was made by a Mexican
shepherd some time ago, but he kept it
secret. A few days ago he was discharged
and went to Dos Cabezas, where he be
came Intoxicated. His money gave out
and a saloon keeper refused to give him
more whisky. The Mexican flashed a bot
tle which was filled with nuggets of gold
and at once efforts were begun .to learn
whence the gold came. The Mexican did
not have to pay for any more whisky
during his stay In camp. He refused to
reveal the location of the gold fields, but
a friend who arrived in camp persuaded
the discoverer to take him out to the dig
gings.
TUCSON, Ariz., Aug. 31.— A party, of
niiners from Wilcox have returned from
the bonanza placer diggings which were
rectrtly discovered four miles from Dos
Cabezas mining: camp. They report that
the diggings are rich in gold and are more
extensive than they expected. Some: big
nuggets have been taken out and there Is
considerable excitement at Dos Cabezas
and Wilcox.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
necessary to ship it to San Francisco in
tank cars and thence may come to
Skaguay by water. The price of wood
ranges from $5 to SS a cord, depending on
how far it mujt be hauled. There is the
expense of loading- the wood on the boats
and that of firing and wood passing all
tj;? time. In short, with the use of oil
f/r fuel it will save us about one- half."
"•The saving by the use of petroleum
will be enormous. In the oil fields of
California it costs only about 30 cents a
barrel, so the only considerable item of
expense •nil! be the freight. It will be
"In using the oil it will be conducted
from ttie tanks to the firebox and sprayed
over the walls by means of jets. It will
be necessary to arch the top of the fire
boxes on the inside with brick to protect
there from the g-reat heat.
"The Sybil is ready for the trial," said
Mr. Morch, "and as soon as the oil ar
rives the first t'.ip with petroleum as fuel
¦will be made. In order to make a thor
ough test the entire 2000 barrels will be
used. That quantity would make a full
cargo for a tteamer, as each
weighs 500 pounds. If the experiment
proves a success, oil tanks will be placed
at stations between Dawson and White
Horse, so only a comparatively small
amount need be carried on board the
steamer using it.
TACOMA, Aug. 3L— The White Pass and
Tukon Railway is about to adopt petrol
eum for fuel on its river steamers. A
shipment of 2000 barrels of Bakersfield oil
is now on its way from California, and as
,soon as It is received It will be tried on
\he steamer"»eybll. With its success a
complete revolution in th* motive power
for the Yukon boats will be accomplished.
E. A. Morch, fuel agent for the company,
rays the Sybil has been fitted up for the
experiment, anri without delay she will be
tried as an oil burner.
Special Dispatch to The CalL
Saving of One-Half Will Be
Effected by Discarding
Wood.
- r " • L.
Two Hundred San Francis-
Contributors.
cans /Are Among His
toxicated in a Tucson
Saloon.
Reveals His Secret "While In-
Kern County Product to
Be Used on River
Steamers.
Trick Bicycle Rider a
Seemingly Clever
Crook. . •
Starts a Stampede to
Arizona Placer
Diggings.
OIL FOR FUEL
ON THE YUKON
AMATEUR STARS
IN VAUDEVILLE
Belvedere's Colony En
joys an Evening of
. Jollity.
Specialty Features Make Up
Programme Replete With
Humor.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
BELVEDERE, Aug. 31.— The feud which
has so long" existed between the cliff
dwellers and the Kelpie men of this place
was held In abeyance last night, when
chosen representatives of i both parties
met and contested for honors on the
friendly field of vaudeville. The big room
in the hotel was cleared for the event. A
stage had been erected at one end, while
the balance of the spacewas given over to
seats, which, though accommodating
nearly 200. were altogether too few for the'
number that had congregated to watch
their champions attempt to be as funny
as they are reputed to be. In order to
provide sustenance as well as entertain
ment an admission of 25 cents was
charged. IL.iough of a fund was acquired
to provide af sumptuous supper.
The performance was advertised to
commence at S o'clock. After a delay
which was almost professional In Its
duration,- the flag was dropped and off
they started, with the Corinthian quar
tet In the lead. The quartet was com
posed of Frank Thompson. Edgar F.
Sagar, Walter Howe and "Eddie" Angela.
Then came Joe Rosborough of the High
land Park Coliseum, who sang 'a serious
song in a serious baritone voice. 'Mr.
Rosborough made such a hit that he was
encored several times.
Mrs. Van Horn rendered a recitation*
and applauding listeners compelled her to
repeat it. She was followed by Mrs. F. C.
Youngberg, who has a beautiful voice and
knows how to use it so well that she need
not fear to enter the Iist3 with the best
of professional talent.
Alex Rosborough. the other one of the
brothers, did a number of clever special
ties. Mr. Rosborough explained his ver
satility by saying that he was twins and
consequently It came easy to him to do
several things at once.
Dr. Green did his famous hobo act and
did it so well that the stuffed property
dog was seen to exhibit marked signs of
uneisiness.
The monologue part of the entertain
ment was assigned to "Binky" McKinnon.
"Binky" gave a very clever talk, parody-
Ing life on the arks and pointing out "in
his inimitable manner the fancies and
foibles of the curious persons who are to
be found stranded along the stretches of
these, shores.
| -When Mr. McKinnon had been driven
oft the stage, Oscar Franks reoderetjva
tenor solo, which he was' compelled to
repeat again, and again before his-audi
ence would let him go.
The affair ended with a few selections
by the "Bum Quartet," composed of
"Dud" Dean. "Binky" McKinnon. Alex
.Rosborough and Dr. Green. "Dud" and
his three accessories managed to escape
without any serious casualties.
From start- to- finish the show went
along with remarkable smoothness. There
was but one intermission and tha f . was
charmingly filled In by a violin solo by
Miss Grace Saunderson. | Maurice Kramer
and Miss Elsie Maxwell acted as accom
panists, and not a little of the pleasure
of the evening is to be attributed to the
excellence of their work. The affair was
a success and as every one had something
to' do with it. every one is happy. $
OF INTEREST TO PEOPLE,
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
and More New Pensions
Issued;
Changes Made "in the Postal Service
WASHINGTON. Aug. 31.— The Postofflee
Department to-day issued the following:
Postmasters commissioned: Oregon—Liz
zie A. Elliott. Perrydale. Washington-
Lizzie H odder. South Prairie. Appointed :-
California— R. E. Madden, Ruby. Slskiyou
County, vice M. Evans, resigned. Oregon
— G. McClaranvice, Garrison. Linn Coun
ty, vice E. Sims, resigned: F. G.* Jonea,
Weatfall, . Malheur County, vice C.'W.
Madden, resigned. Washington— E. •. S.
Wilson, Charleston, Kitsap County, . v'ee
J. E. Chick," resigned.
The following pensions were granted:
California— Original— Joshua ¦ G. Deturk.
Los Angeles. $S; Walter J. Scott, Stock
ton, $12. Increases-John A. Fifield, de
ceased, Los Angeles. _$S.
Oregon— Robert - Sturgeon, LlUamoo, $3.
Washington — Increase — Pierpont E.
Jones v Olympia, $8; Sarah P. Day, ,Law
ton. tS'. "War with Spain— Mary E. Franz,
Miles. $12.
CENSUS BUREAU TELLS
OF THE MANUFACTURES
Progress of th.e Industries in Three
of the States Is De
scribed.
WASHINGTON. Aug. * 31.— The Census
Bureau has issued a bulletin on the man
ufacturing industries of the States of
Montana, North Dakota and South Da
kota. There were 3849 establishments re
ported as engaged in the manufacturing
industries of the three States during the
census year, with a productive value of
578,490,157^. There were 10SO manufacturing
establishments-,. reported for Montana in
1900, ¦ with 10,117 wage earners employed,
who received $7,963,886 in wages. The pro
duct was valued at $57,075,824.
Omitting copper smelting and refining
and lead smelting and refining (industries
included as branches of manufacturing
•in 1900, but not so included in 1901) there
was an increase of 120.6 per cent from
1890 to 1900 in the number of wage earn
ers employed and an incr^asp of 1S0.1 per
cent in the value of the product. The
most Important manufacturing industry
in the State is the smelting and refining
of copper, with 4290 wage earners ¦ em
ployee, and a product valued at J35.337.063.
The smelting and reflhins of lead | gave
employment to 563 wage earners in 1900
and had a productive value of $5,264,253.
Dies at'. Night on a Train.
SALT LAKE. i.Utah. Aug. 31.— Mrs.-
Mary. "Walter,. aged 84 years., a resident of
San , Francisco, died on a Rio..'. '. Grande
train to-night. .The cause, of her death As
said to have been nervous prostration and
dysentery. - The body was : taken ¦ f rom .; the
train here and after being embalmed •will
be. sent to San Francisco. "Mrs. Walter,
accompanied by her-son, had been visiting
friends in Chicago and was returning
home when taken ill. ¦ .
Peruvian Cabinet May Resign.
LIMA,*Peru (via Galveston). Aug.. 31—
The resignation- of" the ' Peruvian Cabinet
seems ' to- be "imminent-' In consequence I of
the legislative tangle which exist*.
TERRELL'S DUPES
NUMBER SCORES
SHEPHERD FINDS
YELLOW NUGGETS
san francisco; Sunday, September l, i9oi.
R. A. Clark and Miss Annette Bradshaw Win the Honors
/of the Day After Heavy Riding;
SEVERAL INJURIES TO PAPER
CHASERS ON SAN RAFAEL HILLS
1111 to 32
Pages 23 to 32All arrangements have been made by
Captain Nerney of -the Naval Militia for
the cruise of the northern half of the or
ganization. On September 15, 125 officers
and men of the militia will board the
Philadelphia and start on a seven days',
cruise, probably along the southern coast
That is the idea at this time, but Cap
tain Mead, in command of the vessel, may
take her in another direction.
Efforts are being made to organize an
other company for the First Infantry
Regiment, so as to make it a nine-com
pany regiment to be divided into three
battalions. •
Major Bush, commanding the battalion,
intends to have the band present at suc
ceeding drills, when there will be cere
monies, such as review, parade, guard
mount and escort to the colors.
BATTALION" DRILL
BY THE ARTILLERY
The Naval Militia Is All Ready for
the Cruise. on the Phil
adelphia.
The First Battalion of Artillery of the
National Guard had a very creditable drill
on Van Ness avenue last Monday night.
Although no notice for such drill had been
sent out it being the regular drill night
for the four batteries, nearly two hundred
men paraded. Among the movements ex
ecuted were right and left of companies,
rear into column, break from the right to
march to the left In columns of fours and
companies, close column, deployments,
changes of front, changes of direction and
marching In line of companies in columns
of fours. It was noticed that the guides
were ! more prompt In the discharge of
their several duties than they were on
the occasion of the previous street drill,
showing that they had 5 profited by In
structions received since then. The drill
was witnessed by a largo number of cit
izens, who appeared .to be greatly in
terested. Quartermaster Sergeant Gal
braith of Battery B acted as sergeant
major and demonstrated that he is as
good in drill as he is in handling uniforms.
The prizes were distributed as follows:
Championship of the coast in doubles:
Misses May and Violet Sutton: runners
up. Misses Miriam Hall and Alice Hoff
man. Mixed doubles championship,
George "Whitney and Miss Hall: runners
up, U. B. Collier and Miss May Sutton.
Women's singles championship and tour
nament. Miss May Sutton: runner up.
Miss Ethel Sutton. Consolation for one
first beaten by -winner of singles tourna
ment. Miss Violet Sutton. All of the prizes
but three were loving cups. The singles
challenge cup was won for the first time
last year and Miss Button's name Is the
second to be inscribed. It is to be won
three times for absolute property. At
present It looks as if the cup would re
main south for many years, as all four
sisters outclass any other women on the
coast. . •
Miss Hall certainly tried hard to stave
off defeat and played the game of her life,
but the little southern champion was not
to be denied: Miss Hall is a very small
and frail girl and throughout the match
was greatly handicaped by a lack of
strength. Most of her balls fell short in
the court and . Miss Sutton was able to
do as she pleased with them. On the other
hand, Miss Sutton Is short but of power
ful build, and her driving and smashing;
are very speedy. Miss Hall was a trifle
nervous during: the three sets, but Miss
Sutton, confident that she could not lose
and knowing 1 her own ability, was per
fectly cool. One could not help but ad
mire the pluck of Miss Hall.
In the last set Miss Hall started out well,
taking the first game, but her opponent
steadied down and soon ran the score up
to 3—1 in her favor. Miss Hall won the
next game, and It began to look as if the
last set would be very close, but the next
three games and match, went to Miss
Sutton.
In the second set both ladies played
from the back court throughout, and con
sequently the rallies were much longer
than In the first set. Miss Hall did very
much better in this set and obtained many
more points. Miss Button's driving was
phenomenal for Its accuracy and brought
forth great applause from the spectators.
Her headwork was very much better
yesterday than at any time during the
week. Miss Sutton took this set. 6—2.
Although the score looks rather one
sided, the last two sets were closely con
tested. In the first set Miss Hall tried to
•play at the net but was passed repeatedly.
She was able to obtain only eight points
In the entire set, and five of them in the
last game. This will give a good idea of
the wonderful game put up by the winner.
Before the larirest crowd that has as
sembled on the courts of the Hotel Rafael
In many years Miss May Button, the 15
year-old wonder from Southern Califor
nia, wrested the championship of the
coast from Miss Miriam Hall, the former
Incumbent. One and all voted It the
greatest tennis ever played by women in
this part of the country, and the game put
up by the new champion was probably
equal to the champion women players of
the United States. There, has been a
doubt lurking In the minds of some dur
ingr the week as to Miss Sutton's ability
to beat Miss Marlon Jones, but that doubt
was dispelled yesterday In the champion
ship match. The score in favor of Miss
Button waa S— 0, 6—2. 6—2.
Remarkable Display of Abil
ity on the Rafael
Courts.
Wrests the Champion
ship From Miss Mi
riam HalL
MAY SUTTON IS
TENNIS QUEEN
In the last of the ninth the bottled-up
excitement was uncorked. Shay started,
en* with a hit and Krug followed with a
double. Then came Reilly, tr.d on his
out Shay crossed the plate, tying the
score. It was Iburgls turn to bat next,
but Harris outlined a different policy. He
put Pabet in. Pabst " responded with a
mean little hit along the third-base line.
Lohman went after it, but Hodson, fall
ing to cover the plate, the ball was
thrown to first. Krug scoring on the play.
Score;
OAKLAND. ,
„ ,_ AR R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Babbitt, Sb 4 0 0 0 0 2 0
Mcskiman. r. f 3 0 10 6 0 0
Eagan. ib 4 10 1 11 0*1
Drennan, c f 3 0 0 0 0 0 0
Lehman, c 3 0 ' 0 0 2 G 0
DurJeavy. 1. 1 4 0 10 2 0 0
Francks, s. s 4 0 2 12 4 0
Arrellanes, -Jb 4 0 0 0 3 3 0
Hodson. p 3 0 0 0 0 3 0
Totals 32 1 4 2 *25 15 1
•One out when winning run was made.
SAN FRANCISCO.
: AR R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Koordyke. lb 3 0 0 0 12 1 0
"Wilson, c 4 0 1 0 3 0 0
tSchwartz, r. f 3 0 1 0 0 0 0
BrockhoJI, c. f 4 0 10 2 0 0
Hildebrand. L f 4 0 10 2 0 0
Shay, e. s 2 110 5 7 1
Krug. 2b 4 1 20 2 4 0
Reilly, 3b 4 0 0 0 113
Iburg. p 3-0 0 0 0 4 0
Pabst 10 10 0 0 0
Totals 33 2 S 0 27 17 4
•tSchwartz given base on illegal delivery.
RUXS AXD HITS BT INNINGS.
Oakland 00*10000 0—1
Base hits 0 0 110 0 10 1—4
San Francisco 00000000 2—3
Base hits 01110200 3—8
SUMMARY.
Runs responsible for— HodEon 2. Two-baie hit
—Krug. Sacrifice hit— Lohman. First base on
errors — San Francisco 1. Oakland 4. First base
on called balls — San Francisco 2, Oakland 1.
Left on bases — San Francis<-o 8. Oakland 7.
Struck out — By Iburg 2 by Hodson 1. Double
play— Francks to Arrellanes to Eagan. Time
of game— 1:30. Umpire— Levy. Official scorer—
McFarlin.
»
Sacramento Wins.
SACRAMEXTO, Aug. 3L— MeNeily, the new
t wirier for the Senators, proved a wonder and
only allowed two safe hits to-day, both of
¦which should have been fielded. He has a.
marvelous change of pace, with a world of
Epeed, and mixed them up to such an extent
that no batter had a license to connect with
hifti. His fielding was a feature, as he made
three putouts and three assists, several of them
hard changes. £heehan put up a remarkable
came at third, and handled his seven chances
In sreat shape. His running catch of House
holder's long foul was a feature. Score:
LOS AXGEL.ES.
' 1 ' AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
neitz. 2b ............ 4 1 0 0 2 4 0
Hutchinson, lb . 4 0 0 0 7 3 0
Householder, cf 4 0 0-- 0 1 0 •
Atherton. rf 3 0 10 2 1 0
Kellly, 3b 2 0 0 • 0 '4 0 0
Bowman. If 3 0 0 ' 0 2 0 0
Kelly, ss 3 0 10 2 3 1
fpies, c 3 0 0 0 3 10
Hartwell, p '. 8 © 0 0 1 2 0
Total* ...„. 29 X 2 ~0 24 14 ~1
SACRAMENTO.
• AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Devereaux. *s 5 0 0 0 2 2 1
Courtney, Ib 4 0 2 0 3 2 0
McLaugrhlin, If 2 110 2 0 0
Doyle, rf 4 1.1 1 0 0 0
Sheehan, Sb 4 133 4 3 0
Stanley, c .2 111 4 10
Hanlon. lb 3 1 1 0 8 1 0
Aehenback. cf 3 0 0 0 10V
McXelly. p I 0 10 3 3 0
Totals : 30 6 19 . 5 27 12 ~1
RUXS AXD HITS BT DCXINGS.
1»« Angeles 0 0 0 .1 6 - 0 0 0 0—1
Base hits 0 00100010—2
Eacramento 0 0 2 0 0 3 0 0 •— 5
Base hits 0 1.4 0 0-4 10 •—10
j' '$ '-.. SUMMARY.
Runs responsible for— Hartwell 6. Three-base
hit— McNeily. Two-base hit— Courtney Doyle
Sacrifice hit— Mclaughlin. First base' on er
rors—Los Angeles 1. Sacramento L First base
on caJled balls— Off Hartwell 3, off McNeily
1. Left on bases— Los Angeles 3. Eacramento K.
Struck out— By Hartwell 2, by McNeily 2 Hit
by pitcher— McLaughlin, Atherton, Sheehan
AFhenback. Double play— Kelly to Hutchinson.
Time or game— One. hour and thirty minutes
T.mplre — Hardie. ¦.: ,-. . .---.
It was in the fourth inning that the
Dudes found a t)lace on the.. Scoreboard.
Eagan. who went to the first sack on
Reilly's error and second on Drennan's
out, ecored on one of thos« poor, • weak,
lucky pop hits that go nowhere in par
ticular. Dunleavy dropped this one be
tween second and center.
Although devoid of much hitting:, the
third eame of this series was as pretty
to look at as any rabid crank could de
sire. "With the exception of Josh Reilly's
bunch of errors, the fielding was sharp
and brilliant at all times. Moskiman and
Hildebrand divided honors and distin
guished themselves in the outskirts, the
• former for a series of Ion? sprinting
catches and the latter for a sensational
right-hand pluck that took the ball out
of the air. Francks' work at short was
remarkably line throughout the game,
but Shay went him one or two better.
Out of thirteen chances Shay errored but
once, and this was on account of slipping
on the wet ground.
Pete Lehman left the field yesterday at
Recreation grounds with tears in his
eyes. Until the last part of the ninth
inning the Dudes had a lead of a single
run and the Wasps were not on the
board. Then by fortuitous hitting the
tables quickly turned and the Hanxmen
scored twice and the game was over with
one rr.an out.
San Francisco 2, Oakland 1.
Moskiman and Hildebrand
Distinguish Themselves
in the Outskirts./
Close Score, Sharp Field-
ing and Few Hits
the Features.
HANXMEN WIN
IN THE NINTH
Beats a Big arid Choice Field of Futurity Candidates
and Annexes the Richest of Class Stakes v
for John E. Madden.
¦>:¦¦'• , • ¦ . • ,- - . - . ' ¦ ¦ ¦ - . - -
RICHEST PRIZE FOR FUTURITY CANDIDATES CAPTURED BY YANKEE
CHALLENGER IS
FAST AND SURE
Sir Thomas Lipton Well
Satisfied With Her
Performances.
Sixth Trial Spin' Proves to
Be Successful and
Satisfactory.
NEW YORK. Augr. ZL— The sixth trial
spin of the Shamrock II to-day, thanks to
a stiff breeze from the southeast, de
veloped into a speed trial over a measured
course, the results of which are consid
ered satisfactory by Sir Thomas Lipton
and his friends.
Sir Thomas said yesterday that when
Mr. Jameson arrived he would be In abso
lute charge of the yacht. He was on
board the Shamrock to-day and In charge
every minute of her trial. Judging from
the masterly way In which she was
handled.. Instead of going outside to ae&
he had the yacnt sent twice'up and down
the main ship- channel from the south
west spit to Staten Island and back,
almost every, mile of which is marked by
Government buoys, with the result that
by cimple calculations it was found the
yacht had traveled over certain portions
of the course at the rate of fourteen
knots an hour. Sir Thomas Lipton.
gauging her speed by that of the Erin,
claims half a knot more.
Passing the spit buoy soon after 11
o'clock, all hands clapped on the main
sheet and trimmed it down ¦ almost flat
for the close reach up the main ship
channel. As soon as she hauled up on the
wind the yacht jumped away at a twelve
knot rate and against- a three knot tide.
All the way up the channel she was
saluted by outbound steamers. '
Up through the Narrows and past Quar
antine the Shamrock sailed until 12:30.
Captain Sycamore then luffed her and
swung her around to the port tack for the
return trip. This first tack of the wind
ward work brought the yacht almost over
to Stapleton. Two more short tacks put
her through the Narrows. Afterward he
brought her out to Coney Island Point.
The picture the Shamrock presented aa
she opened out by the point and got the
full force of the breeze "was a magnificent
one. "With her lee rail buried In a smother
of foam and her deck wet half way up
to tho mast with flying spray, the yacht
gave rn f-xhibition of sailing that aston
ished those who were watching her.
Captain Sycamore then waited for slack
water, to get a better gauge on her speed.
When the channel was all clear of steam
ers he put her on the starboard tack, and,
easing sheets, went for the first mark,
the Southwest f?pit buoy. Gathering way
as she felt the strength of the breeze, the
green beauty sped away to the northwfwd
on her second trip, at steamboat speed.k
George L. Watson. William Jameson
and . Commodore Hilliard sat on deck
watching every detail of the spars, sails
and hull.
At 3 o'clock the yacht headed back to
Sandy Hook on the port tack, nearly
closehauled and with a fresher breeze
than she had before. Faster than ever
she traveled under its Influence, putting
her lee rail dowp to the water and often
taking little srreen seas over her lee bow,
until her deck was wet clear up to her.
mast coat and half way aft. The Erin,
coming up astern of her. was traveling
fifteen knots, and it took her nearly
fifteen minutes to overhaul and pass her
from a point about an eighth of a mile
astern. From this It was estimated that
the green yacht was traveling quite four
teen kots an hour for the five miles be
tween Coney Island Point and the South
west Spit buoy.
Sir Thomas Llpton. who remained on
board the Erin all day, seemed particu
larly pleased with his yacht's perform
ance.
JUDGMENT IS SHE ASIDE
HI FAMOTJS DIVORCE CASE
Mrs. Charles H. Smith, Who Was Her
Own Counsel, Secures a Par
tial Victory.
Mrs. Charles H. Smith may have an
other opportunity of displaying her ability
as a lawyer in her own divorce case. Last
Friday Judge Murasky set aside the
judgment secured by her husband and th«
sensational developments of the last trial
may again be brought to public notice If
the case again comes to trial.
In 1893 the Court granted Mrs. Smith
permanent alimony in a suit brought by
her husband, with an allowance for her
son Carlysle until he was of age. Last
year Mr. Smith, wiio is connected with
the Southern Pacific Company, brought
suit for a divorce on the -ground of cru
elty. Samuel M. Shortridge was Mr*.
Smith's attorney, but having had a &0
ference with his client he retired from
the case. As Mrs. Smith was unable to
secure other counsel sht> decided to act
as her own attorney.
Mrs. Smith's cross-examination of h^r
husband was so sensational that the at
tention of the entire community was fo
cused on the case. Mrs. Smith was taken
ill dnring the trial and according to her
statement -she stipulated with her hus
band's attorney to put the case over un
til after Christmas. She alleges that in
stead of carrying out his agreement At
torney "Walker took snap judgment
against her.
Will Decide on Strike To-Day.
FORT SCOTT, Kans., Aug. SL— The
miners of the Big Four district will hold
a meeting to-morrow to determine
whether or not they will strike because
the operators refuse to recosmize their
union. There is much Interest in the
meeting, and the general impression
among the miners to-night Is that the
strike will begin Monday. ¦
J NEW' YORK,' Aug. 31.— Harry Elkes of
Glens Falls; N. T. t defeated Bobby^TValt
hour of Atlanta over a mile and a half
and ;WH1- Stinson ' of Cambridge, Mass.,
over I two miles in • the one-hour motor
paced race , at the Manhattan Beach bi
cycle, track to-day, Elkes covered thirty
eight miles and one ulap /In the hour
breaking the track record from the thirty
sixth mile. Walthour finished second, a
lap ahead of Stinson. .: ;. v-V.
Elkea Beats Walthour.*
, REVERE, Mais., Aug. 31.— The six-day
bicycle ; raca'. was not finished to-night,
only six hours being taken up in riding to
day, as several professional events were
in order.., Moran and McLean, Maya and
Bowles and McDuffle and Pierce are the
leading teams, with 805 miles one lap to
their credit. : while Bleecker and Downey
are one lap behind. . ; The race will be
continued on Tuesday.- The one-mile pro
fessional, 2:10 class, was won to-night by
Hardy of San Jose, in 2 :19. The
half-mile professional was won ' by Iver
Lawson of Salt Lake City in 1:17,
California Wheelman Wins a Race.
_P. Talo^and.E. Barry vs. D. Regan and J.
Kirbyj W. H. Sleberst and J. J. Kavanaueh
vs. W.' Walsh and W. H. Kedian; J. Condon
and T. Foley vs. T. Leach - and T. Lydon ;
P. ' McKtnnon and M. McNeil vs. G. McDon
ald and L. Carralne ; J. Lawless and I M. Joyce
vs. D. Connelly and W. "Williams; M. Dillon
and E. Maloney vs. G. Hutchinson and "W.-
Kelly; J. Harlow and E. 'Curley vs. J. Rlor
don and W. Fisher; J. White and M. Maguire
vs. J. Collins and R. Murphy; J. C. Nealon
and M. J. Kilgallon vs. R. Linehan and J.
Feeney. .. - , , '- ¦ .
Handball Games.
At the San Francisco handball courts
to-day the following matches will be
played:
RIFLE AND REVOLVER
MEN IN OOMPETTTIOir
International - Contest Assumes an
Importance Since American
Scores Are Itegistered.
NEW- -YORK. Aug. 31.— From early
morning until after sundown to-day the
rifle and revolver marksmen were ' busy
on the Seagirt ranges. Several contests
were decided, the principal one being that
at 1000 yards for the Wimbledon cup, for
which American citizens only were \ eligi-'
ble. ' Captain W. B. Martin of Trenton,,
N. J., won the cup with 137 points out of
a possible 150.
¦ The Irish rifle shooters watched the
American marksmen closely during the
contest, so as to get a line on their work
In anticipation of what they may expect
to meet in their special match next Fri
day. The scores of the leaders were very
good, but the general opinion prevails*
that the Irish visitors are much superior
in execution.- Some of them shot at the
900 and 1000 yards. ranges to-day and one
of the American marksmen said that their
performance was scientific and almost
perfect. "
Six teams of five men each took part
in the revolver team match, which was
won by the representatives of Light Bat
tery A of Boston. Their total score was
696 points. In the interclub match for the
Schuetzen team championship of the-XTnit
ed States the honors went -to the first'
team of the Zettler Rifle Club of "New
York City, with a total of 282 points. \ ' '¦
In the Schuetzen matches on the Stand
ard American and German ring targets
Michael Dorrler of the Zettler Rifle Club
New York, led all the other contestants
with 137 points on the former and 209
points on the latter ; target.
A special all-comers' match has been
arranged, which is to be shot in two
stages at 800. , 900 and 1000 yards.' Each
man Is to have ten shots at each distance
In each stage. , The first stage will be shot*
on Monday, September 9, and the second
stage will take place on ¦. the third day.
Most of the Irishmen will take part.
The . Bohemians will meet the Dewey
team next Sunday, and the Elks on the
Sunday following.
Bohemians and Foresters Will Meet
on the Diamond at Golden
Gate 'Park.
OAKLAND, Aug. 31.— Two amateur
baseball teams, the Bohemians and the
Foresters,, will try for supremacy on the
diamond to-morrow at Golden Gate- Park
in this city. The players have been prac
ticing night times lately in an endeavor
to win this game, and the battle promises
to be a hotly contested one. The Bohem
ians expect to make the eyes of the
spectators blink with their display of new
suits. The players will line up in the fol
lowing order:
Bohemians. Positions. Foresters.
Callahan.. .....Catcher ...........St. John
FleSf--- ...Pitcher '...... ..Adomanla
Ward. .....First base. Gleason
Hanley... Second base. ;..;.. .Kern
Derby. ; Third base .Smith
Platt............ .....Short stop ..: Casey
Short....... Left field..... .......Curtis
Hyde .Center field Granholt
Lackey ......Right field Verden
DETROIT. Aug. 81.— Desplta the cold, raw
air 2300 people saw Detroit win the first game
of a double-header with Boston this afternoon
and by a fine batting rally tie the second game
In the ninth Inning, when it was ca.lled owing
to darkness. McAllister won the -first game
when he put the ball over the fence in the
eighth inning with two on bases. - Two-base
hits by Elberfeld and Buelow, followed by
Yeager's single, brought in two runs that tied
the game. Score: . .
First game— ¦ R. H. E.
Boston ...... .:.:.................;... \ « 3
Detroit — 3 6 4
Batteries— Mitchell and Criger; Miller and
McAllister . . <
Second game— , . ¦ R. H. E.
Boston * •. 8 5
Detroit ¦*.'¦ 1 3
Batteries— Lewis and Schreck; Yeager, Shaw
and Buelow.
MILWAUKEE, Aug. 31.— Sparks had the vis
itors at his mercy to-day, allowing but three
hits and but for a poor decision by Umpire
Terry would have shut them out. Attendance,
1200. Score: . ¦ ¦ • . - '• '. . : ¦•.
R. H. B.
Milwaukee 8 11 4
Philadelphia ;......-.... 1 . 3 8
Batteries — Sparks, Donahue and Maloney ;
Fraser and Steelman. .
CLEVELAND,: Aug. 81--rCleveIand • and
Washington broke . even on the double header
this afternoon. Moore wan In good form with
the exception of one Inning in the first game.
After three chances -had been offered to re
tire the side in the seventh inning Cleveland
landed on Mercer. arid batted out nine runs,
none of them earned. .¦ , . •
In the second game Patten was < invincible.
The second game . was - called on account of
darkness. Attendance 1800. Score,, first game:
Clubs— . ¦¦'¦__' . R. H. ' E.
Cleveland ...V............. ..16 . 19V 0
Washington ;.... 4 9 . " 8
Batteries— Moore and Connor; Mercer and
Clark.
Second garnet . '
.' ¦ Clubs— R. . „ H. ; E.
Cleveland 0 3 3
Washington 7 6 0
Batteries— Dowling.r McNeill and O'Connor;
.patten and Clark.. •'¦-¦,¦ / •.
CHICAGO, Aug.' 81.— Patterson's fine pitch
ing .won the first game fronv Baltimore to-day.'
In the second game both teams put up, a hard
fight. -but, the superior, play, of "the, locals won
the game. -Attendance, £600. Score: ';
1 First game— . . ; ' ' . R. H. r * E;
Chicago .........12 :•¦ 15 2
Baltimore ....•............:....• 2 7 'B
Batteries — Patterson , and -Sullivan; Nops,"
Karns and Bresnehan. . , . ....;.... ', ¦
;" J Second game — . . - , ., •. -R. H. ',E.
Chicago ..........'............. ...6 6 ¦ r 1'
Baltimore- ..;".... ......'...r '. 8 ;;.>.7 c.^l
Batteries— Platt * and Sullivan; Howell and
Robinson. . -•...- ¦;;.'
• NATIONAL LEAGUE. '':¦ •' . .
, . NEW YORK, Aug. ' 3L— Weak hitting • wks
again the cause of the New York's defeat at I
Batting Rally in the Ninth Inning
Produces a Tie Between Boston
and Detroit
AMERICAN LEAGUE. ',.. : -i' :
PHtsburg . ......... ... .....: .....5 ;iX 0
Chicago ,..:.•..........;.....'........ ......2 8 0
v ; Batteries-^-Tannehlll . and . ; Yeager, . Taylor and
. >hoe. * Umpires-^O' Connor . and Kllng. • ,
ST. r LOUIS.^ Aug.; •8i:- T The 'Cincinnati Club
made Us last appearance of the; season to-day
and was .overwhelmingly * defeated." ' : Fifteen
runs were made ; by ' St. Louis off fifteen hits
and ," Cincinnati's . errors.' - Attendance; - 1 4000. .
Score:' j;',-".;. 1 : :. 1 ' / </-'! > .: .'¦¦'¦ , .' • >.:¦¦,,¦,
""-'', ¦ ¦ :'"lvV- ' ", R- '¦¦ H.V;,e!- :
st. Louis-;.. ....................is -is a
Cincinnati .....;.r.......;.......-...:. 4 • -9 4
- Batteries— Murphy and Nichols: Phillips, Sud
hoft and Bergen. : Umpire — Brown., . ¦ _ --.¦..
¦ '-¦•-. V ;, 7' ¦ ' -¦.' :', ' ..'¦ v - V ; ' '.'•¦'•; ¦ ¦ \ . ' . .
Batteries-^Phillippi - and '. O'Connor, , Hughes
and'iKahoe: Umpire— O'Day.i ¦.; ; ; , ¦ •
; " Second . game— . ' " " ' ' R. •• H. . ' ' B.
Bo«tbn .'......... .....2 j 6 .;¦'¦¦- 1
Brooklyn .: .........: 0 . 6-1'
Batteries^-Pittinger and . Klttredge, Kitson
and Farrell. Umpire— Nash. .
PITTSBURO; Aug. 3L— Hughes again de
feated : PIttsburg by keeping j the hits widely
scattered; in the first game.- Up to the fourth
inning Chicago did not get a man to first base;
after that they bunched hits and won. In the.
second eame Taylor was easy, resulting in a
reversal of the first game. In both games the
fielding of each team was above the ordinary.
During the first game O 1 Day had a toe broken
by a. foul • tip and' was forced to retire. At- .
tendance 3800. . Score: . ¦ . ¦_•"¦',
First : gameV ''. : R. ;H., E.
Pittsburg ..V.:. ?.'.V.J.V. 1. 7 1
Chicago , .:.".•.'..".. .¦.............; 5",. 8 1
the hands of the Phillies to-day.. The visitors
hit Hlckman; freely in the first three Innings.
After* that he was more effective than. Donahue.
Attendance, 3300. . Score:
, R. H. " E.
New York ..:........'.............'...' 2 5 ?
Philadelphia ..., * . . U . *
• Batteries— Hlckman and "Warner; Donahue
and McFarland. S Umplre^-Dwyer. •
BOSTON, Auk. . 3L— Boston ' " and Brooklyn
broke < even on the season's work, the 'series
standing ten to ten, Boston winning to-day' s
game in the fifth inning. After Wilson had
passed Hamilton to first he made a wild throw
to second, trying to catch the runner on Lowe's
hit, advancing the men to second and third.
Both scored. Attendance 6500. Score :',,' K
, • R. H. E.
Owners of Alert Disagree Over Money
Matters and One of Them At
taches Her.
OAKLAND. Aug. 1 31.— Trouble over
money matters between the owners of the
racing yacht Alert, which j recently; won
the Wallace trophy race, has resulted In
Its being placed in the hands of the
Sheriff. Robert Vincent, one of the own
ers of the yacht, has brought suit against
T. W. Kendall and Frank V. Green, J the
two others who hold Interests in the
craft, for $1091 40,. claimed by. him to be
due for money loaned during the con
struction of the yacht. • . ¦ ¦
Vincent issued out a writ of attachment
to-day and. the Sheriff .was given charge
of the yacht. A keeper Is now on board
to keep away Intruders.
AMATEXJR BALL TEAMS
. TO TRY FOR STTPREMACY
BASEBALL GAMES ON
THE EASTERN DIAMONDS
The rank and file could see nothing In
the race but the Whitney entries," Nastur
tium and King Hanover, and opening at
9 to 5 they were quickly played down to
7 to 5 and 13 to 10. The Madden horses,
Yankee and Gun Fire, were ' a strong
second choice at 4 to 1, but the feeling
was not so strong for. this combination
when Blue Girl was scratched. Heno and
De Re?zke had a strong following at 10
to 1, while Barron, the much touted
maiden and Lux Casta, were also well
playe-1 at 12 and 15 to 1. respectively. The
others ranged in price from 20 to 25 to 1,
scattering bets being made on all of
them.
In the paddock the scene was a pretty
one. The candidates were being saddled
and fitted for the struggle, and a big
crowd watched, the final- touches. They
were a noble looking lot of thoroughbreds
The day was perfect for an outing and
thousands of lovers of the thoroughbred
were on hand to lend their voices to hail
the winner of the great race. Society was
put in force and the big grand stand was
packed to overflowing, while the broad
lawns and infield were black with people.
All the celebrities of the sporting world
were on hand and every walk of life
seemed to be represented. The, track was
fast and all the conditions j favorable for
a. true run race. Three races were
cided before the Futurity, but the interest
was plainly in the classic fixture, and the
crowd waited impatiently to see the start
of the 2-year-old parade past the stand on
the way to the post. The betting ring
was a seething mass of humanity. V The
layers of odds were besieged and a flood
of money poured in. It was almost im
possible to fight one's way near enough to
the layers to get a bet down.
NEW YORK, Aug." 31.— John E.
Madden's Yankee, at 4 to 1 in
the betting, won the classic
Futurity at Sheepshead Bay to
day, the richest fixture on the
American turf. He won driving by a
length and a half from what was perhaps
the best and nlghest class field . which
ever "ran for the stake. Lux Casta was
cecond, while Barron finished^ third. It
was' a great race,' and nobly won, and a
record breaking crowd of 30,000 . people
stood up In their excitement and wildly
cheered the victor.
RACING YACHT IS IU"
HANDS OF THE SHERIIT
Into the last furlong they came for the
heart-breaking dash to the wire. King
Hanover was gradually dropping back and
Odom sent Lux Casta to the front, close
ly followed by Pentecoet, Yankee, De
Reszke and Barron.- "The favorite la
beaten!" walled the crowd. "Lux Casta
wins!" shrieked those who were over
anxious to announce the result. But the
race was not over yet. O'Connor used
his whip on Yankee and the colt, respond
ing in the gamest manner, quickened his
stride and foot by foot crept up on the
flying leader. Odom was hard at work
with whip and spur on Lux Casta In an
Only at the post the crowd settled down
to wait for the flag. Eyes were strained
to watch the maneuvering for a start,
but except for those with strong glasses
it was a confused mass, the colors not
even being distinguishable. There were
two false breaks and the big crowd was
setting impatient for the word, when sud
denly -the familiar cry. of /'They're off!"
rang through the stand. It seemed to
electrify the crowd., At first it was a wild
scramble for position. Saturday was the
first to show, with King Hanover, Hyph
en, Yankee and De Reszke close at his
heels. It was a good start for all except
Heno, who wheeled as the flag fell and
was practically left. At top speed they
came to the bend Into the main track
like a line of cavalry and at that point
all eyes could see the blue with the brown
cap of Mr. Whitney's King Hanover on
the rail and a short neck before Pentecost.
Lux Casta, Yankee, De Reszke, Caugh
nawaga and Barron were well up and the
most prominent' of the others as they
flashed past the half mark. To every
one's surprise, however, Nasturtium, the
pride of the Whitney stable, was way
back in the ruck.
• First came King Hanover and Nastur
tium, in the blue and brown cap of Wil
liam C. Whitney. Next followed Yankee,
in the cherry and white hoops of John E.
Madden, and the racy looking son of Han
over-Correction, for whom Madden paid
$20,000 as a yearling, brought out words of
praise from many lips. Almost every
horse was applauded as he pranced along
—Fly Wheel, in Perry Belmont's colors;
Hyphen, Barron, Heno and Lux, Casta at
tracting chief attention after the Whitney
and Madden candidates.
as they moved restlessly around, as fit as
careful hands could make them. Gold
smith, Blue Girl and Carroll D had' been
scratched, but Homestead, Broad Street
and" Utopian were added, so a field of
nineteen paraded past the grand stand
and cantered up to the post, far up the
old Futurity chute.
First race, Inaugural Steeplechase, about two
miles— Orman won. Fulminate second. Bullin«r
don third. Time, 4:15 2-5. .
Second race, one mile — Ogden won, WeaJth
second. Outlander third. Time, 1:39 4-5.
Third race, the Fall Handicap, six furlongs—
Coburg won, Voter second, Paul Clifford third.
Time, 1:13 1-5.
Fourth race, the Futurity, about six furlongs
— Yankee. 119 (O'Connor), 4 to 1 and 6 to 5
won; Lux Casta, 109 (Odom), 15 to 1 and 5 to 1
second; Barren, 112 (Woods), 12 to 1 and 4 to L
third. Time, 1:09 1-5. De Reszke, Pentecost
King. Hanover, Gun Fire. Caughnawaga. Fly
Wheel, Nasturtium. Hyphen. Saturday The
Talisman. Sun Shower, Port Royal, Homestead
Utopian, Broad Street and Heno also ran and
finished , as named. Yankee and Gun Fire
coupled as Madden's entry; Nasturtium and
King Hanover coupled as Whitney's entry
Fifth race, five furlongs— Knapsack won
Bruft second. Cast Iron third. Time-, 1:00 4-6.
Sixth race, selling, mile and a sixteenth-
Louisville won, Astor second, Fatalist third
Time, 1:48.
effort to earn the coveted honors, but
Yankee, with long, even strides, Was not
to be denied. A hundred yards from the
wire the two were head and head. Lux
Casta hung on gamely and for a few
strides neither could claim an advantage.
. It was a stirring struggle, a bitter fight,
and the monster crowd was cheering and
shouting. Then came the cry "Yankee
wins!" as foot by foot he drew away and
passed under the wire a length and a half
in front. Lux Casta was an easy second
and JBarron, closing with a rush, earned
third money by a head from De Reszke.
Then came Pentecost, King Hanover, Gun
Fire and the others. Nasturtium was
tenth and far back. The time was 1:09 1-5.
¦ Then came the usual scene. The band
played "Yankee Doodle,"' the crowd hail
ed the winner and his Jockey, O'Connor,
took his place in the floral horseshoe,
The Futurity of 1901 was a matter of his
tory and long will live the name of its
gallant winner.
The stake was worth $36,910 to the win
ner. The second horse earned $4166 66, and
the third horse $2083 35. Two thousand
dollars went to the breeder of the winner,
$1250 to the breeder of the second horse
and $500 to the breeder of the third horse.
The total stake was $46,910. A. Feather
stone, whose jockey rode the winner, got
25 per cent of the winner's share for al
lowing O'Connor to ride. William C.
Whitney also had some balm in the fact
that he owns a half interest In Tankee,
although It was a keen disappointment
not to see his colors in front. Those at
the start say Nasturtium was off well,
but Jumped- at a dark spot In the track,
losing time and being shut out. Sum
mary: '
Third race, selling, Iroquois stakes, five
furlongs, two-year-olds — Lemuel won. Ap
pointee second, Red Robe third. Time, 1:05.
Fourth race, all ages, six furlongs—Flint
lock won, Invasion second. Spry third. Time,
1:1C%. \
Fifth race, selling, mile— Rushflelds won.
All Saints second, Tyrba third. Time, 1:46%.
Sixth race, selling, mile— Saragamp won.
Teckla second. Prince of Song third. Time,
1:48%. -¦-::.'.- ¦
Seventh race, selling, steeplechase, about
a mile and three-quarters— Colev won, In
terference second, Mrs. Bradshaw third.
Time, 2:32.
Second race, selling, .five furlongs— Silver
Chimes won, Viviani second. Moderator third.
Time. 1:05%.
First race, selling, five and a half furlongs— *
Remark won, Cheval d'Or second. Glad Hand
third. Time, 1:12. • •
PORT ERIE. Aug. 31.— Results:
Fifth race, mile and a sixteenth— Ping won,
Kenova second, Mission third. Time, 1:49%.
Sixth race, six furlongs — De Capo won, Do
nator second. Sweet Caporal third. Time, 1:14.
Seventh race, one mile— Katie Gibbons won.
Onyx second, Harry Thatcher third. Time, 1:45.
Fourth race, elx furlongs— Sea Queen won.
Pope Leo second. Miss Remsen third.' Time,
1:14%. ,
Second race, four furlongs— Prestonlan won,
Arline B second. Swift Light third. Time, :43Vi.
Third race, mile and an eighth— St. Germain
won. Guilder second, Barney F third. Time,
1:57. • • .
First race, five and a half furlongs— Hurtle
won. Jim Brownell second, Hattie Perkins
third. Time. 1:08%.
BUTTE, Mont., Aug. 31.-Results:
Fifth race, seven furlongs, selling — Chorus
Boy won. F. B. Gates second, Joe Collins
third. Time. 1:29%.
. Third race, mile and seventy yards, purse-
Albert F. Dewey won. Love's Labour second,
Enghurst third. Time. 1:46%.
Fourth race, six furlongs, selling— Nyx won,
Oscar second, Myra Morella third. Time,
1:15%.
-First race, mile and three-sixteenths — Golden
Sceptre won. Muskalonge second, Sarilla third.
Time. 2:05.
Second race, five and a half furlongs, purse —
Our Jessie won, Parnassus second, April third
Time, 1:09.
ST. LOUIS. Aug. 31.— Kinloch Park results:
Third race, six furlongs— Runnels won,
Huntressa second, Waklta third. Time, 1:15.
Fourth race, six furlongs— Jim Clark won,
Verify second, Tulla Fonso third. Time, 1:14%.
Fifth race, one and one-sixteenth miles, purse
—Peaceful won. Miss Mae Day. second, Beana
third. Time, VA'Yt-
Sixth race, one and a quarter miles, selling—
La Spam, won. Terra Incognito second. Swords
man third. Time, 2:08%.
Seventh race, one mile, selling— Kitty Clyde
won. Orris second. The Wag third. Time,
I:42i4.
Second race, ' six furlongs. selling— Jake
Weber won. Dandy Jim second, Hengist third.
Time, 1:14%.
ST. LOUIS, Aug. 31.— Delmar results: .
First race, seven furlongs, selling—Chappa
qua won. Lord Nevill^^gcond, Fickle : Saint
third. Time, 1:28!*.
Sixth race, mile and a half, selling—Whlt
field won. Little Elkin second, Oxnard third.
Time, 2:35%.
Seventh race, one mile, selling — Admonltor
won, Toah second, Triaditza third. Time 1:41%.
¦Fourth race. Northern stakes, mil* and a
quarter— Six Shooter won, Jlmlnez tecond,
Pink Coat third. Time. 2:03*4.
Fifth race, six furlongs, handicap— Maggie
Davis won, Moneymuss second, Burrile Bunton
third. Time, 1:14J4-
Third race, steeplechase, short course — Corll
lo won. Duty second. Maclaren third. Time.
Time. 2:17. 2:1S%. 2:19%. 2:19.
Running, one mile, purse $125: ¦
Limber Jim 1
McFarlane : '....... 2
Sea Spray /. :.„• •; 3
Time, 1:4V AVhaleback, Kastlne ' and Gold
Baron also ran. ••
Running-, three-quarter dash, purse $125: ¦
Skirmish - . 1
Catherine . Bravo .;. 2
Mountain Dew 3
Time. 1:1*%. Clarando also ran.
"WTN1TERS OF PURSES :'
ON EASTERN TRACKS
Special Stakes and the Horses Which
Brought^ Money Home to the
Lucky Ones.
CHICAGO. Aug. 31.— The Northern stakes at
Hawthorne, worth $6120 to the winner, was
captured by Six Shooter, at one and a quarter
miles. In a sensational finish in which the
track record of 2:06Vi was broken by half a
second. Result*: • . ,
First race, one mile and twenty yards, sell
lne — Balrd won. Precursor second. Ecome
third. Time, 1:42%.
Second race, five and one-half ' furlongs— I.
Samuelson won, McChesney second. Klfile I.
third. Time, 1:08. . ¦
MADDEN'S RACER YANKEE, WINNER OF THE RICH FUTURITY STAKE, THE GREAT EVENT OF
YESTERDAY AT SHEEPSHEAD BAY, WHICH WAS WITNESSED BY A CROWD OF OVER THIRTY
THOUSAND LOVERS OF SPORT AND PATRONS OF THE TURF.
WOODLAND,- Aiig. r 31— The: efehth \ an- ¦
nual district fair closed to-day. Itwas a ;
success in every respect • The pacing race;
to-day, was a disappointment. China'
Maid, Al Sandy,' . Montanic and El • Rayo;
were scratched. , The race was a gift, to >
Toppy, who was barred in the pool.' No
race during '.the week 1 excited more inter-',
est than the district road race. The de
cision in the third' heat disqualifying
Smuggler created "' grreat dissatisfaction.
The mile run was a pretty race from wire
to wire, between Limber Jim and McFar
lane. Jennie Dale balked at the first turn
and was taken off the, track. The I three
quarter dash ' was a great race, three
horses finishing half a length apart. The
automobile - race . was declared off, ¦ the
boiler of one machine being out of order.
J. S. Craig grave- an .exhibition run of
three miles; covering, the distance in 7:09.
Pacing-. 2:30 class, puree $400:.-
Toppy l l i
Bankers' Daughter 6 2 2
Harry J ...•...,.:...'......-........ 2 65
Richard B ;. ;...... .'. 3 3 4
Advertiser - .;..'.,.'. 44 3
Time. 2:14^4.-2:12%. 2:14.
District road race,- purse:
Trilby Maid .:.. 4 111
Abdine 15 3 3
Smuggler :...... 3 2 4 2
Lady 2 4 2 4
Events'.
¦ ¦'^¦¦-¦¦-¦¦¦-.^'-.'¦\ :¦¦¦¦¦¦' '¦' ¦¦:'< r '-
Toppy and Trilby Maid
Win Purses in Their f
Running Races Mark the
Finish of the Pro
gramme.
WOODLAND FAIR
IS A SUCCESS
High-Class Cycle Eaces.
NB"W YORK. Aug. 30.— Jimmie Michaels
and Johnny Nelson have been matched in
a fifteen-mile motor-paced race at Mad
ison-square Garden on the night of Sep
tember 4. On September 5 Harry Elkes
and Bobby Walthour will meet In a fif
teen-mile motor-paced race for $1000 a
SlQC*
The winners of these two races will
meet in a fifteen-mile motor-paced race
at the garden track on the night of Sea
t ember 9.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 1, 1901.
24
S Diseases of Men
They should be cured - v /
at once and cured to
The cure of Varlcocele, Rupture, More men have been' cured by
Loss of Vital Power and all diseases this institution than by any other
of men has engaged the attention of coa^^
• Dr. Meyers & Co. for nearly a quax- rational, more modern and more ef-
ter of a century. . They understand fective than any physicians practic-
more fully than" most physicians the jf£ ¦«**. W-t^lJgymj only £
. disastrous possibilities of these dls- curable — permanently, thoroughly
eases. . , and without Inconvenience and suf-
The wisdom of navta* your dls- l ferin |; r-Awiwvr CAT I
eases cured in their earlier stages la LL **< y° U , CANI \9 T «T h* tv
apparent to all who are familiar with J™£. «Jfr se S d <*5£%%?in a A£&
the Intimate relation existing be- sealed envelope full particulars of
tween pelvic disorders and the con- , th eir home cures, now being suc-
ititutlon In ee-neral. cessfully used by hundreds of ailing
If you desire to take the short cut »«nen throughout the country. .
to perfect health and have no time Consultation Free. Payment ar-
spent In making experiments, come ranged to suit patient,
and talk the matter over with one AH Diseases of Men
of these able physicians, look over Receive the personal and most care-
the institution with its equipment ful attention of these physlcians-
tand conveniences, interview cured private diseases, stricture, rupture,
patients to whom you may be re- varicocele. loss of vitality, nervous
f erred, and then act upon .your own debility, weakness and all disorders
good judgment. of me £' .
DR. MEYERS & CO.
7Q A Market Street |'™ to feS-V^"
:¦'¦:" ••":•?• SAN Francisco, CAU, -.MtTaiCe. SmiJ«ji--» *• H."^ .
=^^^ tfdLSses
~d hand wheels ell makes.
fitted up just like new. .
$5, $10, $15 and $20
i Send for printed .
Bargain List. . .
Learitt'&Bin..
309 Larkin.St 7
Oa*W San. Francisco
Sin Jo&t f*?
¦ ' ¦ ¦ j ¦ JGOVERNOR SCHROEDER'S LATE
SECRETARY, WHO CRITICIZES
THE DICTATOR OF GUAM.
POPULAR YOUNG' COUPLE^
WHO WERE MARRIED IN
OAKLAND YESTERDAY. -
"It would be difficult to imagine that
you were in a part of the United States if
you were to fall under the maladminis
tration of Governor Schroeder."
"An indication of his arbitrary acts is
the way in which the Government ice
plant is managed. An excellent plant has
been installed upon the-island and thou
sands of pounds of ice are turned out
daily. Thl3 ice is not all used and a
great deal is thrown away, and yet a civ
ilian employe of the Government cannot
secure a pound of that Ice.
"Governor Schroeder is no better in his
treatment of civilians. A clerk there lasts
about three weeks and then he resigns.
Though his appointment calls for return
transportation Governor Schroeder will
not issue it and some have had to escape
as stowaways. .
"An indication of hi3 treatment of the
men can-be gathered from the fact that
during the three months that I acted as
his secretary there were seventy sum
mary court-martials and twelve general
court-martials, and eighty-two out of the
150 marines on the island were up for dis
cipline. His sentences are very severe,
and the men are confined or overworked
in the tropical climate of the island with
inhuman disregard for their health.
"A soldier, in -Governor Schroeder's
opinion. Is something to be kicked, beaten
and abused. His treatment of the marine
guard of the island has been so bad that
at one time a large number of them
simply took to the hills and remained
there . until they were compelled to re
turn to the Government headauarters for
food. • . .
"Governor Schroeder has no idea of
how to treat men under him. One would
think that they were in a barbarous
country rather than* under the flag of
free America, so autocjatlc Is the sway
of Governor Schroeder. He has regard
for neither soldier nor civilian. The
civilian empleyes of 'the Government are
glad to take the first transport from the
island, no matter in what direction she
goes, but the soldiers are not bo fortun
ate. «•*
said Smith to-night. "If I felt that I
could give out now all that came under
my observation during my short stay on
the island I think that the people of this
country would be somewhat surprised at
the way affairs are administered. .
OAKLAND, Aug. 31.— Rev. J. B. McXal
ly, pastor of St. Patrick's Church, West
Oakland, will preach to-morrow evening
when special services of praise and
thanksgiving will be held. All of those
who participated, in the recent jubilee are
requested to be present at this service.
Father McNally to Preach.
The law requires that when taxes or li
censes are paid they cannot be recovered
vnlcss they are paid under protest. Less
tlicn a dozen paid with a protest. There
is also a law that taxes and license
money cannot be refunded until a Super
ior Court has passed upon the ordinance.
As there is no likelihood that an appeal
will be taken from the decision of Police
Judge Smith this will bar even the re
covery of the money paid under protest.
Another license ordinance will be pre
pared that will include business as well as
a sign license.
OAKLAND, Aug. 31.— The city will keep
the money that was paid into the treas
ury by some 400 citizens who were willing
to ray under the sign license ordinance.
This amounts to $1277 and but very little
of this money can be recovered, even
should those who paid demand it.
Their Coin.
Those Who Paid Under the~ Illegal
Ordinance Cannot Becover
CITY WILL KEEP THE
SIGN LICENSE aTOJTET
In order to open the bridge, which Is
one of the largest draws in the United
States, it will be necessary to remove,
hundreds of telephone and telegraph
wires and cut the "tracks of the street
railway company. When these were
built across the bridge It was with the
Idea that they would remain for many
years, as the prospect of getting the
canal through- at that time was very
slim. Now the telephone and telegraph
companies will be compelled to stretch
cables to carry their wires across the
canal cut and the railroad company will
have to make some arrangement that
will avoid the constant breaking 1 of the
circuit by. the swinging of the bridge.-
The contractors expect trouble when
it comes to opening the bridge. It has
not been turned since it was built, twelve
years ago. The wheels beneath it oa
which it runs may be rusted so that
it cannot be started. The attention of
the Government officials has been called
to the condition of the bridge a number
of times, but nothing was done by them.
All the earth removed by the dredger
will be carried to an inclosure that has
been built near High street. A steam
paddy that has been employed by the
contracting company to remove the dry
earth will place its product in cars that
will also dump within this inclosure.
ALAMEDA. Aug. 31.-Work toward tho
cutting of the canal was begun to-day
by the contractors^ — the Atlantic, Pacific
and Gulf Dredging Company. An im
provement great importance to the
cities of Alameda. and Oakland that has
been held In abeyance for twenty years
now promises to go through without any
further delay and the people of this city
are pleased. They express great satis
faction over the activity of Senator Per
kins and Congressman Metcalf in : behalf
of the project. The3e two men. are being
given the credit of saving the contract
for the completion of the work from an
Indefinite "hold-up" by the Rivers and
Harbors Committee of Congress.
The big dredger of the contracting com
pany was moved up into the mouth of
the canal this afternoon. Its destination
is. the end of the canal, where it will dig
its fangs into the embankment and dis
charge the earth at a distance. The pro
gress of the dredger is stayed until ar
rangements can be made to open the
tidal canal bridge. This will take a day
or two at least.
Bridge Cannot Be Swung
Until- Rails and Wires
Are Removed.
Big Dredger Prepares to
Dig Away the, Earth
Embankments.
READY TO CUT
TIDAL CANAL
Miss Irene Baker is expected home next
Monday - from an extended visit in San
Jose, Lake Tahoe and X<os Gatos. - Miss
Baker went away because of ill health,
but returns much improved.
? '" ? •
Dr. E. C. . Timerman gave an enjoyab'e
little whist party last evening at his home
on Thirteenth street. His guests were:
Miss Nellie Cook. Miss Louise Wakefleld
Miss Hansel of Stockton, Miss E. H. Hil
ton. George S. Lackie, Ira Miller and Mr.
McCall.
* Little Madeline Wade, the daughter of
Mr. and Mrs.. E. E. Wade, celebrated her
seventh birthday this afternoon by enter
taining about thirty-five of her small
friends. The residence was prettily dec
orated In pink and white and all kinds of
amusing games were enjoyed by the chil
dren. A pink and white birthday cake
with Its -seven .lighted candles was the
central ; feature of the luncheori table and
the souvenirs were ..tiny pink and white
baskets filled with, candy.
gan's the name cards were in the form of
oyster shells, handpainted in dainty de
signs. At Mrs. E. Bishop's Japanese lant
erns were employed extensively in the
decorations and. on the name cards were
tiny painted lanterns. From Mrs. Hay
den's the guests carried away small light
ed, lanterns as souvenirs, and as the fish
course was served at Mrs. H. K. Belden's
the favors there were toy crabs, lobsters
and other shell fish. At Mrs. J. R. Bum
ham's each young lady received a photo
of herself artistically mounted on bark.
The gentlemen's cards were adorned with
cones and Ieave3. Tiny chickens painted
on wooden cards were suggestive of the
course served at Mrs. M. "W. Kales'. .
Blueprint views of Rowardennan, mount
ed on bark, were the favors given T>y Mrs.
William Letts-Oliver, and Mrs. J. F. Sims
of Berkeley also gave pretty views of the
mountain resort on red mountings. At
Mrs. A. W. Downey's, in Berkeley, where
the last course was served, the name
cards were of yucca, fire etched. Frank
Parcells was toastmaster and several
clever speeches by the gentlemen of the
party enlivened, the last course of this
novel and enjoyable dinner. The young
ladies and gentlemen who enjoyed the hos
pitality of the matrons were: Miss May
Coogan, Miss Lucretia Burnhara; Miss
Daisy Belden, Miss Cordelia Bishop, Mi3s
Anita Oliver, Miss Kittie Oliver, Miss
Lalla Wenzelberger, Miss Jean Downer,
Miss Lillian Downey, Miss Florence Hay
den, Miss Ruth Kales .and Miss Ethel
Sims, Arthur Kales, Hugh Goodfellow E.
Abadle. Rudolph Schilling. Parker Holt,
Frank Parcells, Rae Hanna, Aldrich Bar
ton, Dan Belden, Prentiss Selby, ] Ben
Reed and Dr. Roy. Belden.
Archie, the huge elephant that carried
the Prince of Wales through India during
his ; first visit there, .nearly thirty years
ago, died, last: week near London^ The
animal was over seventy. years old.
ALAMEDA, Aug. 31:— Justice Morris to
day •• dismissed : the : cases of * the I Borman
children, " charged , with malicious mischief
by Fred Bramniann, ¦ the contractor. 'The
Justice stated that he Issued the warrants
for-the infants'-^ arrest .under'a misappre
hension. ¦¦,.•;- ;-,.'". -. ¦ • .: .
Dismisses Cases Against Children.
V Elegant line furniture sacrificed this week
at the old rfellable. H. Schellhaas, Oakland. V
A gans of thieves, supposed to be com
posed of boys wiwse ages range from 12
to 16 years, enttred one of the flats at
1010 Ellis street last Thursday night and
dole a number of costly chandeliers.
After taking the gas fixtures down they
went to the basement of the building
and helped themselves to a quantity of
preserved fruit owned by the ¦ occupants
of another flat. Several robberies of a
~!!ke nature have occurred In that neigh
borhood recently. •
Thieves Take Chandeliers.
OAKLAND. Aug. Zl.— George Gross. As
sistant City Treasurer, wan presented this
afternoon with a little wedding j?ift from
his associates in the offire. Mr. Gross will
marry Miss Ethel Gage on Tuesday even
ing, and the deputies in the Treasurer's
office presented him with a handsome
pi<*ce of statuary with the following card:
"Presented to George Gross with the <xpn
pistulations and best wishes of the poor
unfortunates of the City Treasurer's of
fice, who are compelled by a cruel fate to
associate with him day after day."
George Gross Given a Present.
Auctlcn prices in furniture; all grades. II.
Sche]lha«iE. corner Eleventh and Kranklia
rtreets, Oakland.
FACULTY AND STUDENT
EVENTS AT UNIVERSITY
First Footb'all Sally of the Season
to B3 Held Tuesday
Night. -\ *. -
BERKELEY, Aug. 31.— The first, foot
ball rally of the season will be held Tues
day evening: at 8 o'clock on the baseball
diamond. The. students will gather around
a bonfire .and. the following:. named have
befcji asked to speak: President "Wheeler,
Professor T. R. Bacon, Coach Frank
Simrson/A.ssdstant Coach James Hopper,
Trainer Walter ' Christie and former
Coach Addisfcn ¦ Kelly, who "Is at present
in San Francisco. - ... -¦¦...,
The members of the freshman, class will
furnish the^ wood for the bonfire. Ar
rangements for the rally are in charge of
L. A. ' "Womble, A." Adler and F. E. Tal
zncge. . ¦ " '-i ¦ - - .
Dwlght Potter of Princeton will ad
dress the Young Women's Christian Asso
ciation in Stiles Mall, Tuesday afternoon
at 4 o'clock on ,the work of the associa
tion. Mr. Potter was one of the speak
ers at the Capi tola conference this sum
mer. ' . • ¦ - ¦ .
OAKLAND. Augr. 31.— Licenses to marry
were issued to-day to Henry StenzeL 25,
San Lorenzo, and Hattie Kuerzee 17
Oakland; Walter Scott Alger, 27, and Lil
lian Gertrude Hobbosse, 19, San Pablo:
George Walters. 23. San Francisco, and
Dora Chamolen. 22, Hanford; Thomas
Francis McDermatt. 24. San Francisco,
and Katherine Morris. 22, Alameda: Theo
dore Christian Schmidt, 38. Newman, and
Hansine Sorensen. 40. San Francisco:
Charles Francis Eutterfield, 27, and Marie
Anderson. 24. West Berkeley; Gustave
Rathke. 23. and Gertrude Belle Reed. 23
both of Oakland: Ralph Hicks. 21, and
Florence Reardon, 21, San Francisco*
Charles Kelly. 28. and Annie Eleanor
Devany, 21, San Francisco: Robert Arnold
Foster. 24, Arizona, and Katherine Fair
child. 20, Oakland: Georce Renerker, 48,
and Mrs. Jane Grenell, 17, Oakland.
Licensed to Marry.
OAKLAND, Aug. 31.— Charles Erin Ver
ner has returned to the De-wey Theater
for a season and will present several of
his popular Irish plays. He will open Mon
day evening with "Shamus O'Brien,"
which will run for a week. This play Is
well known and has few better Interpre
ters than Mr. Verner. It will be special
ly staged and Mr. Verner will be sup
ported by the Stevens Stock Company.
Mr. Verner appeared at the Dewey some
months ago for a season and made a fav
orable impression upon the theater-Boers
of this city. He has since toured the
Northwest and again returns to Oakland.
sented at the Popular
Playhouse.
Season of Irish Drama Will Be Pre-
VEilNEB. BETUHNS TO
THE DEWEY THEATEB
William and Fanny Cousins to James and
Lizzie Foley, lot on S line of Broadway, 47
E of Jones street. E 23:6 by S 60; $10.
Estate of Calvin F. Fargo (by J. M. Quay
and George Davidson, executors) to Henry E.
Bothln. lot on SW- line of Fourth street, 30
NW of Welch. NW 60 by SW 80: $7900. .
City and County of San Francisco to D. F.
Robert* half of lot on W line of Forty-«lghth
avenue," 289:3 N of S street, .W 35:9%, NW
161:7Vi. E 13:10%, SE 163:6^: $— . -,
A. A. Fink to W. F. Williamson; lot on W
lin* qf-Belleviie street. 260 S of Twenty-fourth,
S 63:4 br W 125, block 14. Noe Garden Home-
EtPad Union: $10.. "
Mary C. and Erik Boes to Geonrla Maupln
(wife of George); lot on E line of Wheat street,
150 X of Salinas avenue. N 25 by E 100. . lot 42,
block 5. Garden Tract Homestead; $10.
Robert and Annie E. Walsh to Bay City
Bulidlnr and Loan Association, lot on SE cor
ner of Thrift and Capitol streets. E 200 by S
123. block V, Railroad Homestead; $100.
II. C. Hawwtt to Christina Strobel, lot at In
tersection of S line of Preclta Valley lot 363 and
E line of Mission street. N *>. E 284:6, S 30. W
to beginning." S half of lot 363, Precita Valley
lands; also lot onKE'coftier of Mission and
Eugenia' streets. N 50 by E 83:6. Cobb 1 Tract;
also lot on NW corner of Mission . and ¦ Ran
dair streets. N 05, W 123, S 85. E 104, portion
of lot 393, Preelta Valley lands; $10.
¦ Ettate of Thoodore Liebermana (by Henry
Martin C. Hassett to Annie E. Hansett, lot
on S line of Vallejo street, 115 E of Gough,
E 30:2 by S 137:6; gift.
Alexander and Nellie Bond to Georsre Mur
phy, lot on S line of Grove street, 81:3 W of
Laguna, W 25 by S 120: $10.
Addic L. Perham to Clara A. Glberson (wife
of Nelson S. Glberson), lot on N line of Union
street, 171:10% E of Webster, E 34:4% by 137:b:
$2100. ...
Henry C. and Charlotte Robinson to David
C, Allan M. and - Charlotte Robinson;- lot - on
SE corner of Jackson and Webster, streets,' E
80 by S 25:6; sift.
Martin C. Hassett to Annie E. Hassett, lot
on S line of Jackson street, 181 W Buchanan,
W 25:3 by S 127:10: gift.
Martin C. Hassett to Annie E. Hassett. lot
on S line of Jackson street. 130:6 W of Bu
chanan. W 50:6. S 127:8Vi, E 25:3, N 27:8tf, E
25:3, N 100; gift. •
John and Ida Thompson to Charles and B.
C Brown, lot on >TV corner of Pest and Bu
chanan, W 65 by N 90; $10 . '
Eva A. Haxe to H. R. Ralston, lot on E line
of Devisadero street, i0 N of McAllister, N
25 by E 100; $10.
Carl D and Libby A. Salfleld to Henry P.
Conrady. lot on E line of Stanyan 'street, -25
S Bueuah. S 25 by E 106:3; $10.
Kate Durr to James Smith, lot on . N line
of Clinton Park, 140 E Guerrero, E 25 by N 60;
$10.
Lydla A. White to Alexander F. Morrison,
lot on W line of Capp street, 11J N of Twenty
second. N 36 by W 122:6; $10. - .
Hecry C. and Ella J. Videau to Hermann
Drews, lot on W line of Bartlett .street, 160:1%
N Twenty-serond, N 25, W 123, S 33:11%, NE
125:4V-; ?1O.
Hermann Drews to Frieda Drewn, same; gift.
AnrJe C. Rines (by M. F. Vandall. commis
sioner) to John H. Erunlnzs, lot com
mencln" 110 SE of Market and 180:8 NE of
Sixteenth, NE S4:6'>, S 87:4%, W 50:3, NW
3C: $3000.
SamuM R. Crooks vs. Jonathan J. Crooks et
als. (by J. T. Harmes. Gustave H. Umbsen and
Peter J. Sullivan, referees) to George Davidson
and Ernest A. Leigh, lot on N line of Washr
lngton street, 95 E of Drumm, E 60 by'N 60;
$11,500.
Potrero Nuevo Land Company to Lulgi Bacl
rralupo, rerecord 1922 D. 426. lot on W line of
Mason street, 80 N of Francisco, N 40 by W
68:9 (quitclaim deed); $10. ¦ _*
Lulgl Bacisalupo to Lorenzo and Mary To
rasso. lot on W line of Mason street, 80 N of
Francisco, N 20 by W 68:9: $10.
Same to same, let on W line of Mason street,
;C0 N of Francisco, N 20 by W 65:9: $10.
S. Mlanda Swan : to -Aetna Indemnity; Com
pany of . Hartford, Conn., trustee), lot on . SE
corner of Walsworth avenue and Pearl street,*
SE 44.95. -SW lVi.47, NW NE - 125.70, . block
Peter and Martha Chrlstensen to '-AndreW
ChriBtensen. all interest in lot on NW , corner
of Grove and Fifth streets, . N . 25 byjW.75.
block 50. Kellersberger'a Map,. Oakland; $5. .
Agnes E. . Gardner and Minnie and Clarence
Homer A. and Dora E. Craig to John J
Shoo, lot on W- line of, Grove ; street 120:3 N
of Brown or Thirty-fourth.. N6O:1V4 by W 116.
block' D, Central Land Company, Oakland; $10.
William Clark to Burdette Cornell : (single).
Vaughan to. Nora H. Vaughan, lot on -NW
line of Erie Btreet, 50:1 SW of Prince/ SW
50 by .AMI/' 100, lot 63, Oakland Prospect Hdtnt
stead. Oakland; gift.. . • . • . - > '
E. F. Aubry to Mary F. : Aubry. lot on SE
corner of Webster and Sixth streets, E 75 by
S 65:8. block 57,- official map.^Oakland; gift,
Ida O. and Charles H. Jones to E. L. Filz
gerald. lot on SE line of Cora street 100 SW
of Rudsdale, SW 30 by SE 100, block \3, Fitch
burg Homestead lots, Brooklyn Township; $10.
\ Jacob C. and Wilhelmina Ansel to Mary E
Day (wife of Michael O.), all interest In lot
on NE corner of East Ninth street and Twenty
seventh avenue, NW • 25 • by NE 100, block O
Knowles and Potter subdivision Kennedy Tract'
East Oakland; 1400. ¦ . '
Alameda County.
Edward J. McNamara (by B. P. Oliver, com
missioner) to Hibernla havings and Loan So
ciety, lot 19, block W, Park Lane Tract No
2; ?560. . -. *
Emile and Lily M. "Bauer to Joseph B. Cory
ell, lot on SW line of Twenty-sixth avenue
240 SE of M street, SE 120 by SW 100, block
496, Bay City Homestead; $10.
James H. Coatea to Ellen E. Coates, lot on
NE line of . Eighteenth avenue, 375 SE of
J street, SE 50 by NE 100, block 351. South
San Francisco Homestead and Railroad Asso
ciation; gift. .
Leon H. Cochran (bv B. P. Oliver) to Hiber
nia Savlnes and Loan Society, lot on N line
of Point Lobos avenue. 67:6 E of Fifth ave
nue. E SO by N-100: $4CC0.
Henry S. and Mary C. Stone to H. H. and
Anna Daily, lot on W line of Rhode Island
street, 111:3 N of Napa, N 25 by W 100, quit
claim deed; $350.
Real Estate and Development Company to
James Flanagrin. lot on E line of Missouri
street, £0 N of Eighteenth (Solano), N 100 by
E 100- .
Georglana E. Harvey to Alfred J. and Louise
M. Strei, lot on E line of Shotwell street, 198
S of Seventeenth, S 25 by E 122:6; $10.
Puget Sound Lumbor Company to-AIexander
Smith, -lot on N line of Nineteenth street, 130
E of Noe. E 25 by N 114. quitclaim deed; $10/
James T. Boyd to John G. McCullough, lot
on NE corner of California and Hyde streets,
E 77:6 by N 80; $10. --
Edward J. Le Breton to Annie Donnelly, lot
on NE line of Seventh street, v 130 NW of
Brannan, NW 37:6 by NE 80; $10.
Ralph E. McCullough to Jeremiah and Mary
Crowley, lot on NW line of Harrison street,
85. SW of Seventh, SW 25 by NW SO; $10.
* J. D. Welch (by E. P. Oliver, commissioner)
to Hibernla Savings and Loan Society, lot on
NE line of Kate street, 235 SE of Bryant.
SE 20 by NE CO; $800. '
George M. and Lillian A. Rolph to Robert
R. Hind, lot on SE corner of Clay and Spruce
streets, S-27:8Vi by E 87:6; $10.
City and County of San Francisco to Henry
T. Scott, lot on NE corner of Valencia and
Fourteenth streets, N.S5, E 105, N 15, E 75, S
¦-Marlon S. Stevens to John O. Dyar, lot on
N line or Clay street, 181:2 W of Baker, W 25
by N 127:SU; $10.
Meyer and Morltz Rehflsch, executors, and
Daniel and Clara Meyer) to Robert Pleper, lot
on W line of Larkln street, B2:6 S of Jackson-
S 25 by W. 87:6; $5118.
Robert and Jennie I. Pieper to Orvllle D.
Baldwin, same: $10.
REAL ESTATE TRANZACTION
OAKLAND. Aug. 3L— In a brief filed
to-day in behalf of former Police Officer
Kingsbury. who was dismissed from the
police force by the Board of Police and
Fire Commissioners, Attorney Aldrich
asserts that "by every recognized rule of
right and decency, outside of a high
binders' association, the board should
have permitted a full and complete
stenographic report of Its proceedings to
be taken, to the end that the court might
determine wha£ class of high grade jug
gling with the constitutional amendments
and charter provisions took place within
that secret session, that secret investiga
tion, for it may well be said that for
aught this court knows there was not
sufficient testimony taken before that
board upon which to predicate its pre
tended verdict."
Aldrich seek* to have KJngsbury rein
stated to his former position through the
medium of the Superior Court. The case
¦will be heard by Judge Greene.
Attorney Aldrich. Uses Strong Terms
in Brief Filed in Benalf of
Client
SEEKS TO HAVE OFFICES
KINGSBITRY KEINSTATED
j- J and Mary' E. McGulre (owners) with
OR McGee and W. N.Canfleld (contractors),
architect All work for a one and a half
story frame 'buildinsr' on lot on., E line of
Church street, 101:6 N of Twenty-first,- N 2a
b Lee Bo^'sam (owner) with Petters6n & Pers-
Bon (contractors), architects William Mooser
& Son- Alterations and additions to brick build-
Ing on lot on^ST corner of Ross alley and "W ash
inlton street, E 35 by N 75; JISOO.^ „ v „
Matilda Smith (owner) with J. V. Campbell
(contractor), architect ¦: — - ; -All work * for ' a
two-story frame building on lot on E line of
Florida street, 150 - N of Seventeenth • (Santa
Clara) N 25 by E 100. P N28; J21S8.
S Castle (owner) '• with A. -H. Taylor (con
tractor), architect ' H. Armitage-Car
penter, mill - and electric work, tinning, lln r
crusta , hardware and plastering ior - a . two
story frame building with concrete foundations
and. brick, front on lot on S Jlne of Chestnut
street, 112:6 E of Jones, S -75; by E 25; $3577.'
Suilders' Contracts.
One of the prettiest of the many recent
weddings In tins city took place this aft
ernoon at 2:30 at the residence of Charles
Gi Reed, 1257 Filbert "street, when his
youngest daughter, Eva - May, Reed, be
came the bride of Harry Dale Danforth,
a young attorney of San Francisco.
Though the affair lacked ostentation, the
decorations were .very elaborate, the room
in which the ceremony was performed
being a veritable bower of pink blossoms.
Another room was beautified with glow
ing sunflowers, the emblem of fidelity.
One of. the pleasing features of the wed
ding was the reading of an original poem,
written for the occasion by the brides
aged grandfather. Captain William Reed.
The bride looked very winsome in a white
mulle. gown made over white silk. The
shower bouquet she carried was of white
Japanese lilies and tulle. The number of
guests was limited to forty/ only very
near relatives being, invited. There were
no bridesmaids, but the young couple
were attended by Mr. and Mrs. H. p.
Swales, the latter being a sister : of the
• bride Dr. C. R. Brown of the First Con
gregational Church officiated. Mr. and
Mrs Danforth will be absent on their
wedding journey about two weeks and on
their return will reside at the Reed home
on Filbert street. £.. ;
One " of the most enjoyable functions of
the season was the "progressive. dinner
which was given last evening. by a num
ber of prominent society people of this
city and Berkeley. The hostesses and
euests were all members of a party which
spent the summer at Rowardennan. One
course was served at each, residence and
the guests were carried^in a large omnj:
bus from house to house. Great origmai
ity and taste were displayed in the decora
tions and souvenirs. At Mrs. T. C. Coo-
io! S 45, W 106:8, N 153, block B, same, Oak
la ChirS« M. -and' Madeline P. Bakewell ft?.
Adolph C.J Miller, lot 2. n»ap La Loma.ParJt.
Ellin (wife of Edward J.). lot on^N line or
San Jom avenue, -264 W of Lafayette street.
W 40 by N 150. block 11. amended map Bart
lett Tra'ct, Alameda; $10. j
After a honeymoon trip the newly mar
ried couple will reside in a pretty home
on Twenty-third street, furnished as a
wedding gift by the bride's mother. The
bride is a graduate of the College of No
tre Dame in Marysville. where her pa
rents formerly resided. The groom is a
graduate of the Oakland High School and
is the present Deputy County Clerk.
AKLAND, Aug. 31.— The wedding
ft :\\ of Miss Mabel J. Shoo and Leslie
11 II R. . McKillican took place this
:\_^/ evening at the residence of the
> bride's parents, Mr. and Mrs. J.
J. Shoo, 2249 Grove street. The event was
made doubly interesting by the" fact that
to-day is the silver wedding of Mr. and
Mrs., Shoo. The groom is a son of Col
onel Robert McKillican, ex-Sheriff of Ala
meda County, and the young people were
united by Judge W. E. Greene, an old
time friend of -the elder McKillican. The
residence was brilliantly illuminated with
Chinese lamps and the, decorations were
effectively- carried out in pink and green.
The Lohengrin bridal march was played
by an orchestra of stringed instruments.
The bride's gown was of white organdie
over white taffeta and she carried a show
er bouquet of orange blossoms and tulle.
The bridesmaid, Miss Victoria Shoo, way
gowned in Nile green organdie over taf
feta and carried bridesmaid \ roses and
maidenhair fern. Mrs. Shoo, the bride of
twenty-five years ago and mother of the
bride of to-day, wore a handsome gown
of black silk with steel trimming.
"As there will be a Congressional inves
tigation -of the conditions that exist at
Guam and of the acts of Governor
Schroeder, and as I will be a witness be
fore inquisitors, it will hardly be proper
to make public now what should first be
given to the Congressional committee,"
OAKLAND, Aug. 3L-William B.
Smith, who was appointed secre
tary to the Governor of the island
of Guam, has, returned to his
home in this city. Mr. Smith is
a brother of Police Judge Mortimer Smith
and a son of former Councilman J. H.
Smith, and has been prominent in Oak
land for many years. Last winter he was
appointed to the position of secretary to
Governor Schroeder and sailed from this
city at once to assume his new duties.
But Mr. Smith found that everything
was not peaches and cream on our far
away possession. From the very first
Governor Schroeder and the new secre
tary did not get along well together, and
Governor Schroeder very soon announced
that he would not longer accept Mr.
Smith as his secretary. Mr. Smith there
upon returned to Oakland, coming home
by wav of Manila and Japan.
Mr. Smith returns with some very hard
stories of the conditions that exist on the
little island far out In the Pacific Ocean-
He declares that there will be a Gongreb
sional investigation of Governor Schroe
der's acts, and he announces that he is
going to be a witness at this investiga
tion. He says he has enough informatiwi
to make all kinds of trouble for the Gov
ernor.
; George E.- Carter and C. ••' R. Johnson to
Union Lumber Company (a . corporation) lot
on W. line: of Sherman street, 170:9, S of Pa
cific avenue, S 33.32 by. W 150. > Alameda; $10
Commonwealth Mutual Building, and Loan
Association to Margaret'M.Sinon (single) lot
on W- line of Mignolla street, -127:4% S of
Twelfth. S 27:4% VY W 133:3, block 5S2,
man's map, Oakland ;' $2S00. ••"..- , -..»' :
, B--i Kelsey. to , Catharine Walsh (widow). Jots
44 and 45. block 806, Scotohler Tract, quitclaim
deed, Oakland; '$10. '. .•'.-..-.
i President ; and Board ¦ of -.Trustees • of t Pacific
Theological- Seminary to James M. Haven lot
on E line of Market street, , 40 N of Thirtieth
N 60 by E 115,. lots 24 and portion 23,-block 2033 -
Rowland Tract. Oakland; $100. ,..¦¦, '
-James M. and Mary H. Haven to Edward W
Engs. same, Oakland; $100.-. ¦¦ '-, ;..
• Karl H. ¦ Nickel to Charles Camden,.lot'onS
line of Campbell ' avenue < or Thirtieth street
163 :10 E of ' San I Pablo avenue. E • 10 by . S . !)5'
block B; . Brockhurst and Whitcher Tract'
Oakland; $10..: ':/:,. -;v.\ ¦ '¦ .:.v •;_%
'•¦ Same. to same, lot on SE corner of San Pablo
avenue; or Thirtieth street.- E 163:10, ¦• S ¦ 95 B
- ,•;;¦ ¦ • ¦¦-¦• ¦ -*¦¦ - ¦¦ • - ' ¦"¦ .... - -¦ ¦¦' ,.:
Leah F. ¦ Mott ¦ to Lydla L... Gillogly, all in
terest in lot on W line of Walnut street 226-S
S'of Alameda . avenue, S 30 by W 100/ block E
Pioneer Homestead Association, Alameda- $10 '
lot on NW line of Howe street, 30 SW of
Howard. SW.30 by NW 100. lot 2. block G
Thermal Hill, formerly the Howe Tract Oak'
land; $10. -c • ... ;...' •- '
Arthur P.. and Lettie W. Holland to John H
O'Hara, lots 1 to S.-bloek B,,map of University
Park, Berkeley; $10. ...
C. C. and Annie L. Clay to ' Joseph Mlnier'
lot on NW- corner, of Putnam and 'Bassett
streets,' NE- 105 by W 125, block 772 C C
Clay's subdivision 'Levy and. Lane". Tract'
Brooklyn Township ;. $500.. . ".,
Same to same, lot on SE ccrner of Union and
San Antonio avenues, S 60- by 'E 1 148, block 11
same. Alameda; gift. ¦. " " _¦> , - -
Anna' S. and Hugh Hogan to William A
and Matilda M. Laufman, lot on NW line oC
Twenty-first avenue, 35 SW of East Twentieth
street, SW 35 and .NW 100, block 49 San Ar
tonio. East Oakland; no.
May E. Fink to Alice M. Fink (single) lot
on E line of Union street. ,C0 S of San Antonio
avenue,- S 240 by E 148, block 11, Bartlett Tract
Alameda; gift. • :
The last of Mrs. Apel's possessions went
from. . her hands one * morning last week
when by 'order of M. F. Davis, to whom
she had given a chattel mortgage on her
furniture, they were loaded into express
wagons and driven to a store on Park
street. They will be sold at auction next
Thursday to satisfy , the creditor. Davis
promises to pay the funeral expenses of
the woman to save her from being buried
at the public expense. ¦ ' -
P. Map 3, Flint . Tract, portion of Oakland
Heights, trust deed, Oakland: $5.
Ira and Charlotte 'A.' Vaughan" to" Emma
Johansen, ¦ all Interest In lot onE line of Pop
lar street, 110 S of West Tenth street S 37 by
E 115, hlock 549, map blocks 519 and E50 ana
portion 561,- Oakland property Colonel John
Scott, Oakland'; $10. . : . ¦ ¦
Mr. and Mrs. Apel came to Alameda to
live about twenty-two years ago. He had
lost a large portion of his fortune in spec
ulation. They lived quietly . together on
Buena Vista avenue, where he died in
January of 1S90. After her husband's
death Mrs. Apel seems to have lost caste
entirely. , She was frequently brought to
public notice through her escapades and
fights with creditors. , . - :
The couple entertained on a lavish scale
and were at the head of many, private
and public functions. They could spend
a fortune on asingle entertainment with
remarkable ease and their funds seemed
to^be Inexhaustible. Mrs. Apel attracted
considerable attention on ; account of her
beauty, and "was spoken of as the most
handsome .woman in San Francisco in the
pioneer days. ¦ . .
. In the early fifties . Mrs. Apel was a
leader ki San- Francisco society. She had
married John Apel; an ¦ Austrian • noble
man, who had come to California after
having been banished- for . a political or
fense from his own country. He was a
shrewd manipulator of men and money
and succeeded in amassing a fortune as a"
street contractor, having become some
thing of a power in the -politics of the
city. • . ¦ -. . .- . ; . . •
ALAMEDA, Aug. 31.— Mrs. Mary Anne
Apel, an aged character, who was \ noted
for her entertainments in the early days
of California, died to-day at her residence,
625 Central avenue. Once wealthy, Mrs.
Apel's death came in the midst of pov
erty; 'She long ago exhausted. her cieans
and a few' days ago all the 'furniture in
her house, with the exception of the bed
on which she lay, was taken' to . satisfy
the claims of. a creditor. She was unable
to buy the necessaries of life and was de
pendent on the charity of neighbors for
succor.
As Mrs. Apel was always reticent about
her own affairs, little that is authentic is
known of her people or birth. All that
is positively known is that her maiden
name' was Mary Anne Stanley Norman,
and that she was born somewhere in
England more than eighty years ago. She
was said to be a niece of Perrin, the orig
inal member of the tirm of Lea & Pen-in,
the famous manufacturers of table 'deli
cacies. She is also said to have been mar
ried three'times. ¦ • , .
Mrs. Mary Apel, Noted
Woman in Early Days,
Expires.
; -4j - 1 - •
The assessment on St. Joseph's Church
property was changed, allowing 110 feet
on St. Joseph's street and 260 feet on Ad
dlson street to come under the exemption
act and reducing the, valuation of block 6
$1000.
Professor Martin Kellogg's unsubdivided
forty acres is Included in the 20 per cent
raise.
The rest of the land not included in the
above descriptions and in the Daley Scenic
Park tract has been raised 10 per cent in
value.
North half of blocks 4. 7 and 14, the east
half of blocks 11. 12. U and 15. the north front
age on Hillsard avenue in blocks 5. 6 and IS.
the east frontage on Le Hoy avenue in blocks
17. IS. 19 and 20.
A 15 per cent increase In the same dis
trict has been ordered on the following
property:
Blocks 1, 2, 3. S, 9 and 10, the. south half
rf blocks 4 and 7. the southwest ' quarter of
block 14. the west half of blocks 11. 12 and 13
and sJl the east side of Oxford plat 79.
In the Daley Scenic Park tract a 20 per
cent increase "was ordered on properly
described as follows:
District bounded by Piedmont avenue on the
west to the eastern line of the town and by
the university grounds on the north and Dwight
way on the south — 10 per cent.
( The raise In assessment includes both
1 sides of. the streets forming the boundrlcs
of the districts.
District bounded by Ellsworth street on the
west. Piedmont avenue on the east, the uni
versity grounds on the north and Derby street
on the south — 15 per cent.
IM strict bounded t»y Grove street on the ¦west,
Addison street on the north, Ellsworth street
en the east and Dwlght way on the south— 10
per cent.
The Berkeley Trustees wanted more in
come for the town. The total assessment
roll of the city footed $360,000 more than
last year, but this, the Trustees felt, was
not enough and so they followed the ex
ample of the city of Oakland and pro
ceeded to raise valuations in certain parts
of the town. West Berkeley was not
touched, as it was felt that the increases
in values had been in the property sur
rounding the university. All of the prop
erty directly surrounding the university
grounds on the three sides and for vary
ing distances back had their valuations
increased on the percentage plan. The
plan of increasing each piece, 'as was done
in Oakland, was not pursued.
The exact amount of this Increase has
not yet been figured out, but Town Clerk
Thomas estimates that it will add from
tytween $250,000 to $300,000 to the total as
fevssment roll, which will make the roll
this year about 5600,000 higher than last
year.
The increases made by the board are as
follows:
BERKELEY, Aug. SL-The Town Trus
tees, sitting as a board of equalization,
have raised the assessed valuation of
nearly all of the residence portion of Kiist
and North Berkeley, Increasing the llg
ures of Assessor Wells from 10 to 20 per
cent. By the increases announced the
Trustees have added something over J250.
000 to the valuation of the property of the
town.
AGED CHARACTER
DIES A PAUPER
/This move is being made In the Interests
of economy, for.it wllldo away with the
two expensive freight transfer boats that
are now operated between the. AVest Oak
land-, yards and San V Francisco. These
boats, '.the Transit ¦• and •¦.Thoroughfare,
were built when the road .was completed
to Oakland and were on the same general
plan as the Solano, though not as large.
They were expensive, to -build v and have
been expensive to maintain. ' though at
the time of their -construction they were
believed to . furnish the only means by
which cars could be 4ransf erred across
the bar. '¦-.' '¦'. ¦• . "¦ .
It is now proposed to imitate the sys
tem inaugurated by the Santa Fe — large
barges towed by a tug taking the place
of the transfer boats. The cost of the
barges Is very little compared with the
cost of the transfer boats, . - which are
costly hulls filled with valuable machin
ery. The two boats have nearly reached
the limit of their term of usefulness, and
this is deemed the proper- time to make
the chance. . _<„.".,,,
The construction of the barges will be
begun at West Oakland this week.
The ferry steamer Newark is on the
ways at the West Oakland ship yard, but
owing to the Btrike the new boilers or
dered from the Risdon Iron Works can
not be completed. As a result all of the
carpenters on the Newark have been laid
off because no more work can be done un
til the boilers are put in place.
The Sovftherri Pacific; Company, is going
to abandon - the present expensive ferry
boat transfer system by which its freight
cars are ferried across the bay from Oak
land to San Francisco and will build >
series of barges that will be towed
by a tug. v - .- -• - . •. -. . ¦•' •¦-.•¦¦• : ...
• Oakland Office San. Francisco Call,
'•",.• : ¦' 1118 Broadway, Aug. '31.
Quarter of a Million Dollars
Is Added to the City
Roll.
Southern Pacific Company
Will Adopt the Santa;- - :
Fe Plan.
Barges to Take Place
of Freight Steamers
on Bay. ;
Property Assessment Is
Given a Decided
Increase.
BERKELEY BOARD
RAISES VALUES
TRANSFER BOATS
TOO EXPENSIVE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, OT^EMBER 1, 1901.
W. B. Smith Back From Guam After Serving
Three Months as Executive Secretary.
SAYS GOVERNOR SCHROEDER
IS A BRUTAL DICTATOR
MARRIES ON ANNIVERSARY
OF PARENTS' WEDDING
Miss Mabel J/ Shoo Becomes the Blushing
Bride of Leslie; R: McKillican.
NEWS of the Bay Cities Oakland Alameda County Berkeley
25
ADVERTISEMENTS. : -X
BE A MAN AMONG MEN!
Are You tho Man You Ought to Be?
Are -You as Strong as You Look? Or
Have You Weak Nerves, Failing or
Lost Vital Power, Waste of Strength,
Varicocele, Poor Memory, Dull and
Stupid Feelings, Lost Ambition, Weak
Back and a General Breaking Down
of Your Manly Powers? .
HAVE YOU DOCTORED WITHOUT BENE-
FIT?. Is your stomach ruined from drugs and
your money wasted ? . Are you tired of trying
useless remedies? Then come to' me. I have
a positive and certain cure for yon In
D.«. MCLAUGHLIN'S ELECTRIC BELT.
You put It on when you go to bed and sleep
peacefully under the influence of its warmins.
vitalizing power. You awake. full of ambition,
with a healthy desire to tackle your day's
work. - Each - day you gain . new | life from tt .
and soon begin to feel yourselt a man' among
men. Each symptom of your trouble gradual-
ly disappears, strength takes the place oC
weakness and your life is made happy by the
restoration of your" old health and vigor.
A WONDERFUL CURE. ;
HENGY, Cak, August S, "1301. V
DR. McLAUCHLIN'-Dear Sir: Last De* •
cember \ purchased -one of your ¦ hlgh-grafo
belts, ' havlns suffered ' previously for three
years . and doctored - with various t;ood physi-
cians, . but - the treatments which they pave me
only seemed to aggravate my condition. I -
suffered from intestinal indigestion and liver
complaint. The collections of years In my
stomach and abdomen were so great as to pro-
duce -convulsions. • I also suffered from rheu-
matism 'of both legs. After the first applica-
tion . Of your -wonderful belt I began to Ira-,
prove. It completely removed the convulsions
to which, I shad been subjected, and In two
months I was entirely cured.- It has now been
two months since I wore your belt and there
,ha» not been the slightest return of the trou--~
ble > I take pleasure In recommend Insr your ,
belt as being worth a trial. Yours very truly,
aa u *• . CHRIS BRANDT.
SEND FOB FREE-^BOOK.
' Every- weak man should read my beautifully .
illustrated book. . It explains my treatment
fully. I send It/ clossly sealed, free, If you
send this ad. " , . - .
dr. m. c. Mclaughlin,
• 7O3 Market St., Corner Geary,. San Francisco.Ancient Order of Foresters.
The entertainment and social that was
given on the 20th of August under the aus
pices of the Twentieth Century Club of
the Ancient Order of Foresters were at
tended by a large number of the members
of the order and strangers,' who- greatly
enjoyed the entertainment that was pres
ent. This:club is making arrangements to
have a grand bazaar in the near future.
An active committee haa been appointed
to arrange for r this event. .
The first entertainment and dance given
by the Laundry Wagon Drivers in Odd
Fellows' Hall, August 20, was attended by
as many as could crowd Into the hall.
There was a very entertaining programme
and at the close thereof there were more
dancers on the floor than there has been
in that hall for many years. It was a
great success In every way and the credit
of it is due in the main to the committee
of arrangements, consisting - of Charles
Packer, A. Hovey, R. L. Hale, W. J.
Flannagan and J. J. Carroll.
Laundry Wagon Drivers.
On the 26th of August the supreme offi
cers paid a visit, to Lincoln Lodge- and
witnessed the initiation of a candidate by
the drill team, which is a recent Innova
tion In this order. During the evening
three applications -were received and
there were addresses by Supreme Presi
dent Mrs. Reed and other supreme offi
cers. The social that was given in the
Red Men's* building on the 29th inst. was
a pleasant affair. There was a short pro
gramme of entertainment and a well
arranged one of dances.
Friends of the Forest.
At a meeting of Relnhold Richter Camp,
Spanish-American War Veterans, on the
27th of August, the following named were
admitted as new members: Colonel Thom
as F. O'Neil, Lieutenant Colonel J. F.
Connelly, Captain W. H. Tobin, Lieuten
ant T. P. O'Brien and Lieutenant F. W.
Newbert, late of the First California Vol
unteers, and Private J. J: Toussey of the
Fourteenth United States Infantry. These
candidates were, after admission Into the
camp, submitted to the nerve test, which
they stood well, and in a few moments
after were required to ! defend certain
charges that weie read to them in connec
tion with their service in the Philippines.
They proved the falsity of the accusation,
were then admitted into full membership,
and each was presented with a button of
patriotic design, symbolic of the.order.
Spanish-American Veterans.
Then he Hurried up.
He was too modest to be a successful
lover, and he had let forty years of his
life go by without ever coming to an emo
tional point.
He was In love with a fair being of suit
able age, but he would not tell her so,
and, though she knew it, she. could not
very well give him a hint on the situation.
She was willing, because she had ar
rived at that time of life when a woman
is not nearly so hard to please as she
might have been at some other time, but
he was and went away without a
word.
He was gone a long 1 , long time, and
when he came back he found her still
ready.
"I have come back after many years."
he said to her, as he took her hand In
greeting. .,
She had learned ' something In the years
since she had seen him last.
"Well, for goodness* sake,' Henry," she
exclaimed fervidly, "why don't you take
them? I'm 35 now. How many more
years do you want?"
Then a great light shone upon him, and
he did not wait for any more. — Tit-Bits.
The Juggernaut of the Rail.
In the thirteen years ending June 30;
1900, according to official report, the rail
roads of the United States killed 86,277
people, an average of 6,636 a year. "Bar
ring the years of our great Civil "War,"
the New. York' "World notes, "war haa
not done for us anything like this deadly
work. In the twelve greatest battles of
that war the Union loss In killed was only
about 25,000." The steam Juggernaut of
the West appears to be rather more
effective than his clumsy and creeping
prototype of the Far East. — Charleston
Newa and Courier.
The "Camp Fire" given by James A.
Garfleld Post August 27 was made by Its
informality a most enjoyable occasion to
all present. The post. room was throng
ed. Seven Pines Circle, Ladies of the
Grand Army of the Republic, had been
invited to join with James A. Garfleld
W. R. C. to participate with the veter
ans, and this combination brought . about
a happy reunion of these patriotic or
ganizations. Brief addresses of lofty
sentiment . were made by Past Depart
ment Commander Sol Cahen, Post Com
mander A. E. Cohn, Mrs. Abbie Powis,
president Seven Pines Circle, and- Mrs.
Margaret M. Jones of Garfleld Relief
Corps. Recitations , were rendered by
Mrs. Addle M. Ballou, Andrew Soreiisen
and by Mrs. A. J. Budd, the latter evok
ing great amusement, as it was a planta
tion sketch and given in the vernacular.
The musical programme consisted of de
lightful vocal and instrumental selec
tions, in which the following-named par
vticipated: Duet, mandolin and guitar,
Misses Hazel and Hattie Druaham ; plan
tation melodies, Comrade Ben Imes;
piano solo,* Mis3 Hattie McDade;
vocal solo, Mrs. Pettie Moyce; piano
solo, Sig. Li. Simon: vocal solos, the
Misses Eva and Gladys Irelan and
Miss Eunice Ames; whistling girls,
Miss Eva Irelan and Miss Eunice Ames.
During an intermission a generous colla
tion was informally partaken of, after
which the programme was diversified by
many happy remarks made by different
ones present, all tending to show how
closely the several organizations were
cemented i by the strong ties of frater
nity. The entertainment closed with
dancing. '
Grand Army of the Republic.
A meeting held at Fleming last night
was attended by all the union and non
union miners in camp. The men. both
union and non-union, are unanimously
in favor of abiding by the decision of the
District and National boards. The report
that armed guards were being secured to
protect property against violence re
ceived little attention at the hands of the
district officers.
Notwithstanding the confident state
ments that President Richardson and the
district board have issued regarding the
situation, there is airundercurrent of feel
ing that all is not well and that the na
tional board had received information
that a large percentage of the men will
refuse to obey orders. The strike order
will not be issued until the national board
Is satisfied that the men will obey It
PITTSBURG. Auff. 31.— Thirty white
non-union miners arrived at Tate from
West Virginia to-day. There was no dis
turbance.
Leaders Fear Strikers
May Refuse to Obey
All Orders.
MINERS BECOME
VERY RESTLESS
The reports that the Vickers-Maxlm
Company had made several secret and
important additions to Holland's inven
tions are apparently untrue.
With a laudable desire to enliven the
dullness of the papers here during Lon
don's empty season, one daily has-been
endeavoring to get up a scare over the
subject of Great Britain's overwhelming
deficiency of submarine boats. Among
the alleged primes it attributes to the
Admiralty is: that of allowing the United
States- to secure this week a- submarine
invention which the Admiralty declined
«ven to examine, and which is likely to
revolutionize that method of warfare. A
correspondent of The Call has ascertained
that the invention in question, examined
and declined by the Admiralty, was sub
mitted to the United States naval at
tache,'Commander Clover, and was for
warded by him in the usual routine to
Washington. The * endorsement accom
panying it .-nd the opinion of other naval
experts. renders it highly improbable that
the invention v/ill: receive any more con
sideration from the Navy Department at
Washington than from the British Ad
miralty,, which, by the way, are .busily
engaged in getting their Holland boats
ready- for • launching. They have called
for volunteers to man the submarine
boats, but only a few adventurous spirits
have responded, and almost all of . these,
have been rejected on account of inability
to pass the. severe medical tests imposed
in this class of the service. It is quite
probable that five Holland boats will bo
ready for launching before their crews
are secured.
j LONDON, .Aug. 31.— Seldom have so
many war vessels appeared
simultaneously in English ports. Scarcely
had the Hartford and Essex arrived in
the Thames tb-day.,before the Chicago e*r
cited 1 the curiosity, of Portsmouth citizens.
Then" th s.Dixie arrived at- Southampton
and now the Buffalo's crew are being
entertained at Greenock. The Hartford
and Essex have since left, but the others
remain. They, are all receiving the most
hospitable .treatment, but the English
officers regret that the vessels could not
all come to one port so that the welcome
could have. been organized. The officers
are also :puzzled at the fact that the
European squadron at present consists of
the lonely little Chicago and that Rear
Admiral Cromv/ell haa no control of or
even communication with other American
vessels now in. England. ¦¦ >
I The arrival of the Mayor and Corpor
ation of Soutnampton in full regalia
alongside the Dixie created intense inter
est among the Western lads who are
learning to be jackies. Such an array of
gold, ermine and purple was something
nqw to them, and they commented on the
visitors with all the vigor of first im
pressions.
pfflcers'.'and Bluejackets Are
; All ¦'. Being Hospitably
: - - -Entertained.
Many War Vessels Ex
cite Comment in
English Ports.
BRITONS GREET
AMERICAN TARS
. . The*, fear of cholera .and the plague
renders many of the natives of India
heartless. The . r Lancet's correspondent
writes . that when a member of a family
is attacked . by the disease he: or she is
shut* up in ;the j house; with a pitcher i of
water and left to die. . . ... ; .
A Rise in Real Estate.
The whole island of New York was orig
inally bought.' of the ; Indians . for. an
equivalent, of about . $25. .-•'. To-day » New
York has a i population , of about 3,500,000
which is exceeded by only one ofher city
—London. * Its . wealth - is ' enormous ; its
annual expenditures are more than ' twice
those, of the 'republic .of Mexico,.dnd al
most • on§-third -as those of. the German
empire with Its ? population \ of < 52,000,000.
And it has become the financial center of
the world.— July . Ladles' Home Journal. '
"Yessum.de rabbit transhunt. -Dat's
whut I tol' you. She ain't de color er no
rabbit". — bursting ' Into a laugh— "but ' Bhe
6ho' do git ober de groun' lak one."—Lee
lie's Weekly. __ .• -^ .¦.-,•.._¦¦.. •.,._ .
"I come f'um Decatur, Misa Alice." he
said. "I got to Atlanta 'bout two hours
ago, but I didn't 'low you wus ready to
see nobody." ¦ » ¦ ' i • .;
"Did you come on the train?" I asked.
"No, ma'am; dat I didn't. I come in on
de rabbit." ' TV
| "On what?" - .
"On de rabbit. You sholy done heard er
de new rabbit doy's got." . .
"Oh," I said, "you mean the rapid tran
sit?" r-T ¦¦¦ ;•'¦: -• ~ • ¦ :\.,,'
"Why. where" did you come from. Uncle
Jasper?" I said to the old darky who had
sent the housegirl in to tell me that he
wanted to see me.
The New Babbit
NEW YORK, Aug. 31.— The following
Calif ornians have arrived at the hotels:
From San Francisco— W. J. Gorham, at
the Astor House; W. J. Gray, at the Cos
mopolitan; M. E. Mayer, at the Vendome;
Mrs. W. B. Beck, at the Marlborough; N.
C. Drifleld, at the Imperial; W. J. Jack-'
man, at the Herald Square. From Santa
Barbara — H. | Huiskamp, at the Herald
Square. From Los Angeles— J. JHetzger,
at the Broadway Central.
Calif ornians in New York.
At one time the orderwas only to-in
clude the sovereign and ' twenty-five oth
ers, but this has been stretched to allow
Oi foreign sovereigns being made K. G '»
The - Bishop of "Winchester is ¦ prelate ! of
the order, the Bishop of Oxford chancel
lor, the Dean of/ Windsor registrar,' while
other officers of the order are the Garter
king at arms and the usher of the black
rod. — London T)aily. Mall: '
"The habit and insignia of the Order of
the Garter, laid on Queen Victoria's cof
fin in the chapelle ardente. at Osborne,
consist of the, mantle of blue velvet,
which Is lined withVwhlte taffeta and em
broidered on th£ left side with a star bear
in the motto, "Honi soit qul mal y pense."
The hood of crimson velvet' has a plume
of white ostrich feathers, from the mid
dle of which springs a tuft of black he
ron's feathers, all fastened to the hat by
a band of diamonds. . The garter itself is
of dark blue velvet, edged . with golQ,
bearing the motto in -gold letters, while
both the buckle and pendant are of richly
wrought gold. • The collar is of gold and*
consists of twenty-six, pieces, to which is
attached a beautiful little figure i of St
George spearing the dragon, which is done
in gold and enamel. A lesser George is
worn pendant to a dark blue ribbon over
the left shoulder, while the silver star has
eight points; in the center it carries the
star and motto and is surrounded by the
garter. ~ : ! ¦•¦•¦¦•.•¦ '•;¦¦¦ .,•¦-" . ¦ r ,-''¦-¦¦.
Order of the Garter.
A very small pile of coal lay on the
sidewalk in front of a house on A street,
southeast, A correspondingly, small son of
Ham was sauntering aiong, and, seeing it,
scented a job. He rang the doorbell.
"Am dat you all's <:oal?" he asked tho
lady who appeared at the door.
"Yes." • •
"Want it toted in?"
"Yes."- • ¦ '
"Kain't I git de job?" .
"Why, you're pretty small, and then
you might charge too much. You migttt
ask more than I could pay." . •
"How much is yo' got?" asked the small
man of business, "Kin. yo' raise a dol
lah?"- . * . •
"Oh, my goodness, no." -
: "Seventy-five cents?"
"No; run along, and don't bother me,"
arid she started to close the door.
• "Mebbe so you'll gib 60 cents?"
"No.no; run along." ' • ¦ .'
"I reckons yo'.all ain't got er qua'tah?"
' "NO."-/' ••¦¦;¦ V, i ¦¦..-. .-¦ ¦¦¦ ' ¦¦¦. ¦ ¦ ¦ .
; "Ner a dime?" , . ¦ .
;¦ "No, not even a dime," replied tho wo
man beginning \to laugh.
"Well,- how; much is. you cot?" ques
tioned' Ham; showins.his ivorips. "I
sut'nly does wanter git de job."
"I've got just a' nickel." -
"Well,;* I'm ' Jus" a-lookin' fer nickel
jobs.l" -And .he straightway began —
Washington . Star. .'. \ ; . ¦ . . ;
He Was After Nickel Jobs/
Mrs. C. A. Spreckels, Miss Lurllne
Spreckels and maid are at the Palace.
They are registered from Paris.
A. W. Schwitzer, a wealthy mining
man of Lovelock, New, is registered for
a short stay at the Grand.- •• - .
Dr. R. C. Beaumont, a medical man of
St. Joseph, Mo., is among the recent ar
rivals at the California.
Mr. and Mrs. G. A. Batchelder have
come up from their home in Menlo and
are at the Occidental. .
Lee A. Phillips, a well-known attorney
and politician of Los Angeles, is a guest
at the Palace.
G. E. McLeod, managing editor of the
Stockton Record, is among the city's
visitors.'
R. D. Hatch, a rancher of Novato, is
at the tick..
T. L. Carothers, an attorney of TJklah,
is at the Lick.
Mr. and Mrs. "W. C. Ayers of Petaluma
are at the Grand.
David Starr Jordan and wife registered
at the Occidental last evening.
W. W. Chapln, the well-known merchant
of Sacramento, is at the Palace. \
H. D. McCoy is registered at the Palace
from hia home in Bakersfield- -
PERSONAL MENTION.
The programme of what a French girl
may or may not do is drawn up very pre
cisely. Unless she is poor and has to earn
her own living she never goes out alone.
The company of. a friend of her own age
would not be sufficient to chaperon her.
It is an established rule that novel-reading
is a rare exception. She is entirely sub
ject to her parents' will In the matter of
reading. And if she asks to see anything
at the theater except a classical master
piece, or an opera, they will tell her that
such a thing is not considered proper,
feeling ¦ sure of her silent : submission.
After she Is 15 years old she is generally
allowed to be in the drawing-room on her
mother's reception days, but must keep
to the modest and secondary place as
signed Jier: pouring the tea and present
ing it, courtesying to her elders, answer
ing when spoken to— in short, undergoing
her apprenticeship. She has but few jew
els, and. under no pretext' any diamonds.
Custom does not permit her to wear cost
ly things; nor does it give her the right,
in general, to have a money ' allowance
worth speaking of for her personal ¦ use.
She receives a trifling sum for charity,
her books and gloves. A young girl never
takes the lead in conversation, but always
allows the married lady the precedence,
and she finds it quite natural to occupy
the background. — Ladies' Home Journal.
French Girl Life.
By S. VTatkins— Tuesday, September 3. at 11
o'clock. Horses, Buggies, etc, at 1140 Folsom
etreet.
AUCTION SALES.
In the evening the Vice President was
the guest of honor at a dinner given to
a number of prominent Chicagoans, in the
main members of the Merchants' Club. .
Roosevelt absolutely refused to talk on
political questions, and with much care
steered away from the subject of his pos
sible candidacy for the Presidency In 1904.
To-morrow he will breakfast with Paul
Morton, second vice president of the
Santa Fe system. The rest of the day
will be spent privately. He will leave to
morrow night for Minneapolis.
After the Dorothea came to anchor at
the end of the cruise Vice President
Roosevelt addressed the members of the
ship's crew, lauding them for their will
ingness to serve their country. In pass
ing among the jackies he discovered sev
eral men who had served in the cavalry
before Santiago, with whom he renewed
acquaintance.
At noon a luncheon at the Union League
Club, attended by some prominent busi
ness men and State officials, was given.
For several hours in the afternoon Roose
velt, In company with Governor Yates and
staff, made a cruise on the United States
training ship Dorothea. ...
CHICAGO, Aug. 31.— Vice President
Theodore Roosevelt spent a. busy day
here after his arrival at 7:30 o'clock this
morning. The morning was taken up with
a breakfast at the Chicago Club, tendered
by Senator Cullom, and by private busi
ness of the Vice President.
These somewhat large proportions are
due principally to the presence among
males of voting age of a large number of
illiterate persons of- negro descent in
Ncrth Carolina and of illiterate Indians
In New Mexico. In both New Jersey and
New York the proportion of illiterates is
much less, or 6.9 per cent in the former
State and 5.9 per cent In the latter.
The actual foreign-born males of voting
age constitute in New York 38.4 per cent,
in New" Jersey S5.7 per cent and In New
Mexico 13.8 per cent of the entire number.
Among males of voting age as a whole
there is a considerable proportion of illit
erates in North Carolina and New Mexico,
the percentage for the former State being
29.4 and for the latter 28.3 per cent.
WASHINGTON*. Aug. 31.— The census
bureau has issued a bulletin giving the
number of persons of school, militia and
voting ages in the States of New York.
New Jersey, North Carolina and the Ter
ritory of New Mexico for the census year
1500. According to this statement foreign
white persons of school age constitute in
New York 12 per cent and native white
persons of foreign parentage 42. S per cent,
the two elements together representing
upward of one-half or. 54.8 per cent of the
whole number of persons of school age
in 1900. These same two elements con
stitute in New Jersey 49.1 per cent and
in New Mexico 12.9 per cent of all persons
of school age.
The 400 union coopers employed in Kan
sas City on Thursday presented. a re
quest for an Increase in wages from 27&
cents to 30 cents an hour. The Cudahy
Company at once discharged the ten
coopers in its employ. One hundred and
twenty-five Cudahy butchers are on
strike. ¦
The request, as Donnelly calls it, was
made first at Chicago. It was laid before
the Armour management there with a
view of covering the Armour plants at
Kansas 1 City, Chicago and. Omaha. It
was made on Nelson Morris & Co., to
cover their branch houses in St. Joseph
and St. Louis; on Swift & Co., to-cover
the plants at Chicago, Omaha, Kansas
City, St. Joseph, St. Louis' and St. Paul;
on Cudahyat Omaha, to cover both that
point and Kansas City; on the Hammond
Packing Company at Hammond, Ind., to
Include St. Joseph and the Omaha Pack
ing Company at Omaha, which has its
cattle killed at the Fowler Packing
House in Kansas City. The only Kansas
City packing house which was served
with a ¦ copy of the request was the
Schwarzschild & Sulzberger Packing
Company. This company has its head
quarters in this city.
Donnelly said the relations with the
packers were pleasant and they will be
given ample time to consider the request.
Donnelly insists that it is not a demand
and declares that reports of a threatened
strike are misleading. He would not say
what action will be taken in the event
the request is denied.
The increase would raise the .wages of
some of the workmen, such as the skin
ners and splitters, from the present
schedule of 45 cents an hour to 50 cents.
The membership of the organization in
all the cities where It is represented is
16,000. At Kansas City 1500 men will be
benefited by the advance in wages if it
is granted. No increase is asked for men
employed in other departments.
Donnelly said that the proposition had
been laid before the packers in the form
of a request and they would not be asked
for a reply until after Labor .day. It
applies only to the butchers and their
helpers in the beef killing departments
of the packing houses and involves an
advance of 10 per cent in the wages of
the men employed on the cattle beds.
KANSAS CITY, Aug. SI.— Michael Don
nelly, 'president of the ' Amalgamated
Meat Cutters' and Butcher "Workmen of
North America, gave out an e official
statement to-day explaining the" move
ment started at* Chicago and Omaha for
an increase in the wages of the skilfed
union butchers at all the principal pack
ing centers. . /
Bulletin Issued Regard
ing Population in
States.
Roosevelt Takes a Cruise
on Training Ship •
Dorothea.
Skilled Union Butchers
Ask for Increase
in Wages.
DENVER, Aug. 31.— Traffic on nearly all
the railroads in and out of Denver was
badly delayed to-day owing to washouts
caused by a heavy rainstorm covering a
large area cast of Pikes Peak, An un
usually severe rain and hail etorm caused
several thousand dollars* damace to
streets and buildings in Cripple Creek.
» » ¦
AMUSEMENTS.
Tivoli— VMeflstofele."
California— "An Ideal Husband."
Orpheutn — Vaudeville.
Columbia — *"A Royal Family" to-morrow
Ei*ht.
Alcarar— "Romeo and Juliet."
Grand Opera-house— "Lord and LadyAIgle."
Central — "The Two Orphans."
Olympia, corner Mason and Eddy streets
Specialties.
Chute*. Zoo and Theater— Vaudeville every
afternoon and evening. •
Fischer's — Vaudeville.
Recreation Park— Baseball.
Sutro Baths— Swimming.
Ririgllnr Bros.' Circus— Fclsom and Sixteenth
streets.
Union Coursing Park — Coursing to-day.
Washouts Delay Traffic.
PARIS. Aug. 31, — The new steamer La
Eavole of the French Trans-Atlantic line
called from Havre to-day for New York
on her maiden trip. Among her passen
gers are twelve French Journalists, rep
resenting the Temps, Journal des Debats,
Petit Journal, Figaro. Eclaire, Matin,
Journal, Gil Bias, Illustration; Vie 11
lustre and Gironde. These gentlemen will
inspect all the prominent newspaper es
tablishments.
French Journalists Coming.
MEETS FORMER
WAR COMRADES
EKAGGS HOT SPRINGS— Following are tho
recent arrivals at Skaggs Hot Springs: . San
Francisco — John P. Dunn, J. J. Doyle and
wife, Miss K. F. Doyle, A. T. Henderson, Mrs.
L. A. Hay ward. Mrs. C. L. Willson, J. W.
Muleahy Jr., Charles Cassasa, J. N. Sims,. J.
M., Alexander, George AV. Hall and wife, A.
Isaacs and wife, R. E. Scott,' William Mc-
Croey, Prbsper McLane, Thomas Brown and
wife, Mrs. AY. L. Powleson, Misa Grace K.
PowUson, George W. Powleson, A. Simon,
Harry Pinkham and wife, John Grant, Miss M.
Grant, Miss M. A. Enright, "W. W. Shannon
and wife, Mrs. M. W, Shannon, J. W. Shan
non, Walter M. Field and wife, Colqnel Martin
"Walsh. John F. Finn. William Albert England
and wife, Mrs. H. Jefferson Hail, J. J. Collins,
Mrs. D. Fallon, Miss Emma Fallon, Mrs.
William Crulckshank, George Cruickshank,
Mrs. M. Cotton, Harry Peterson. Dr. H. R.
Morton and wife. Miss Gertrude Fleming, Mrs.
C A Hayward. Oakland — R. Bahls and wife,
R H. Davis, Miss E. Scott. Alameda— H. C.
Gallagher,- Mies Amanda Zeh, . Mrs. , J. G.
Humphrey, Erving Humphrey, E. Minor Smith.
Sacramento— J. M. Nielsen - and wife. Miss
Edith Nielsen. Berkeley— Williani Van Housen,
J. H. MaglU. Haywards— Charles Nowdeck and
At the Resorts.
"Count Lamsdorff," he says, "finds no
difficulty in teiling our Government in
the plainest language permitted by diplo
macy that if it does not like the Russian
arrangements in Manchuria, for example,
it is at liberty to resent them hi any way
it pleases. Russia is not disposed to ob
ject, but it quite prepared to tight."
Frederick Greenwood, founder and
formerly editor of the Pall Mall Gazette
and St. James Gazette, and who is re
garded as an acul* and far-seeing ob
server of foreign affairs, analyzes in the
Daily Mail to-day the recent blue books
on Chinese affairs, -particularly the facts
concerning the Russian seizure of the
Peking-Shanhalkwan Railroad.
"We must strive for a final settlement
with Russia or gird ourselves for a
figrht." and the Times editorially says
Great Britain must decide whether It is
"compatible with our interests, commer
cial and political, to allow a foreign
power like Russia to establish itself on
the P«rcian Gulf. Possibly It may be ex
pedient to purchase political peace ' by
the surrender of commercial interests
which might cost too much to defend.
But If we are resolved to defend them,
we must not await until it is too late to
declare our intentions and take action."
LOXDOX, Aup. SI.— Russian agents In
Persia are interfering with the Qu»»tta-
JCushkl trade route between India and
Eastern Persia, opened by the Indian
Government. According to a Times dis
patch from Simla, Russia, by virtue of a
loan contracted in 1900, has effective con
trol of the customs and is giving endless
worry and trouble to traders, -by means
cf customs regulations, especially quar
antine restrictions. It is possible for Rus
sia to paralyze British trade by long de
tentions of caravans. and travelers. The
native belief that Russian influence is
supreme in Eastern .Persia is having a
bad political effect.
• Sir Rowland Blennerhassett, Commis
sioner of Education in Ireland, writing
on the general subject of Russian and
British relations, says:
Encroachment of the Musco
vite Places England
in Peril. .
Czar's Agents in Persia
Cause Increased
Annoyance.
Miss Honorah McDonough of New York
City, who has been visiting her aunt,
Miss Maria L. Roach, at S20 Union street,
left for the East on Saturday morning:.
One of the pleasant incidents of her visit
was a meeting: with her cousin. Henry I.
Fisher, whom she had not seen for over
thirty-five years. • •
Mr. and Mrs. M. Zacharias announce
the engagement of their daughter Amelia
to Henry; Kallmann.
The Astorias' opening party of the sea
son will take place ' in Golden Gate Hall
Friday evening, September 6. '
. On -Tuesday, August 27, a. birthday
party was given to Miss Edna Osbourne
by her mother, Mrs: G. Osbourne, at her
residence, 402 Golden Gate avenue. Sing
ing, dancing: and games were indulged in,
after which a bountiful repast was
served. Voeal» solos . were rendered by
Miss Elma Williams, Miss Grace Munroe,
?Villianr Hennessy and Tim Crowell; op
eratic selection from "Maritana" by Miss
Elma\Williams; selections on violin, Miss
Grace* Munroe; mandolin and guitar, Wil
liam J. Hennessy and Miss Elma •¦¦Wil
liams;* "Sailor's Hornpipe" (dance), Miss
Edna Osbourne; cakewalk (dance), Rob
ert and Hattie Geer; "By the Sad Sea
Waves" (vocal duet). Miss Elma Williams
and Tim Crowell. Among those present
were: Mrs. G. Osbourne, Miss' Elma Wil
liams, Miss Grace Munroe, Miss Anita
Ellis, Miss Jennie Metcalf. Miss Pearl
Nolan, Miss Vanessa Hart, Misa Dorothea
Hummeltenberg, Miss Hattie Geer, Miss
Edna Osbourne, Miss Irene Eliott, Miss
Flossie Williams, Miss Mayme Williams,
Mrs. Mary Crowell, Mrs. G. Munroe, Mrs.
Morgan. Willie Hennessy, George Mun
roe, Robert Geer, Tim Crowell, Willie
Trancil, Avery Ritch, John Metcalf. Wil
lie Crowell, Thomas Williams, Frank
Vincent, Jerry Callen and Willie Lacerro.
•P. T. Butler, accompanied by Miss Gen
evieve and Miss Alice Butler, has ar
rived in New York after touring England
and Ireland extensively. . They will re
main in New York some weeks before
continuing their homeward journey.
After spending two months in San
Francisco Mrs. Julius S. Morris and
daughter Annie left for Los Angeles Sat
urday, Ausrust 31. ¦ ¦• • •»
engagement of their daughter. Miss L. M.
Parsons, to H. Bostwick. The" wedding
will take place about the- middle of Sep
tember.
REQUEST MADE
FOR BETTER PAY
HOTEL BENVENUE— Among the late arri
vals at the Hotel Benvenue are: J. A. Batchan,
San Francisco; Oscar Beebe. Berkeley; J. B.
McKay, Fresno; Leona Graves, Fort Bragg;
Mrs. A. Gonzalez, Miss W. G. H.
de Mamiel, Mrs. Q. H. de Mamiel, E. L,
Hildebrand, San Francisco; F. M. .Beach,
Lakeport; James H. Mitchell, Mrs. J. H. Mitch
ell, J. J. Duffy. Mrs., J. J. Duffy, San Fran
cisco; Alfonza Hanshaw, Alameda; J. H. Love-
Joy, Napa; JJ A. ' Green, Los Angeles; B.
Holler, Hilda Holler, Mrs. H. L. Davis, Flor
ence Davis. Soda Bay; J. C: Lindsey, San Jose;
Mrs. McCabe. A. L. Farquarson, Ix>uis Mel,
San Francisco; D. A. -Beattia, .M. . D., Santa
Clara; L. E. Crawford. Hopland; Leland S.
Stark, Stanley Ritchie, -Winters; J. M,' Harlan,
Oakland; C. M. Shannon, Mrs. C. M. Shannon,
Frank Shannon. Los Angeles; Miss Hamilton,
Santa Clara; George B. Houi, Colusa; S.,J.
Carpenter, Maxwell; Arthur Rogers, Callstoga.
GILROY HOT SPRINGS— Registered at Gil
roy Hot Springs during the past week were:
From San Francisco— M. G. Gettllng, F. S.
Geary B F.- Webster, J. R. Patterson, Morris
Langford. M. Stanton, Miss W. Duncan, Pro
fessor Ferguson, Miss J. Clausen, M. J. Fer
ada, Mrs. B. Lawson, E. J. Kennedy, Henry
Prlncevalle, T. Tlmmerman, C. ' L. Hooper, J.
T. Gilberts, Miss Harriet Thomson, J. M.-Mc-
Gulre, Miss W. Winston, H. G.- Cooper, Mrs.
F. R. Thurman and • son, K. C. Hum
phreys, Miss Bertha Goodmlre, M. 8. San
tos, S. Fred Hunt, M. M. Miller, C. D. Blum,
Charles F. Taylor, Thomas E. Ross, . F. A.
Walker, Emma W. Brown, Mrs. W. R. Whit
tier, Edward Purser, W. R. Whittler. .From
Palo Alto— J. L. Wingfleld, H. R. Knight. From
Danville— W. C. Winter, B. M. -King. From
Berkeley— R. < H. Skinnings, J. S. Browne.
From Canada— George Dowdy, Miss Fannie
Kickham Miss Lizzie Martin, Henry Kickham.
From Santa Clara— Miss B. Warren. F. E. Dor
ris. From Dawson - City, Alaska— Milton S.
Lathatn. From Sonora— Mrs. H. C. -¦ Paulsen,'
Master Melvin J. Paulsen. From Salinas City—
Dr. J. B. Scott. F. Buhne. From Gilroy— Fred
B. McComas, Frank Santos. From Alameda—
William Nylander. From -Mission' San Jose-
John Enos. From Watronvilie— Eugene : F.
Kelly, John Scharff. From Hollister— C. S. Put
nam. .'. ¦ ¦ :¦ . ' ¦¦ . ' ¦¦'.'' *;¦ •.. ¦ .. :
LAUREL DELL HOTEL^-Amon* the late
arrivals at Laurel Dell are: . Miss McDonald.
E. James, A. Kaufman, D. R. Norris, O.- I.
Norris. Dr. • J. D. Milton and wife. Anna C.
May, Louise May, F. L.- Chase, J. H. Mitchell
and wife. .T. J. Duffy and wife, Mrs. H. P.
J. Potoppidan, J. V. Fleming and son. T. H.
Watson, James White, T. F. Cunningham, T.
I. Irvin, Dr. E. de la Rue and wife. Miss P.
Forrest. A. Wilkie and wife, M. P. Bahls and
wire, B. R. Jones, B. E. Doulthlce. J. W.
Elston.-H. Holtman and wife. Dr. Wiekman
and wife, Mrs. M. J. Sweeney, Dr. J. Hogan,
Mrs. Uogan, U. S. G. Clifford, - Mrs., R. Cohn,
M. E. Cohn. J. A. Nussbaum and wife, R.
E. Taylor. Maggie de Rose, J. S. Batchan,
George "Wltchey, H. C. .Banks. , . ...
PARAISO SPRINGS— Among the recent ar
rivals at Paraiso Springs are: From San
Francisco— A. Barthel, J. J. Gunn, .C. Stuck
ert, William ' Schroeder, MrB. Vandeliff, Mrs.
Hague, J. A. Baker, H. \V. Dunkan, Miss
Cora Aronklel, "W. Peterson! J.Tillman, John
Hudson, Henry "Walker.. From Portland — W. J. .
Clark, Rov Clark, Mrs.W. R. Apperson. From
"Watsonville— R. Binsa'cci, " P. J. Thompson.
From Sacramento— Dr. Jacks. From San Jose
—Miss Alice Page, Misa Hearthe E. Page.
From Berkeley— Mr. and Mrs. Richards. From
Salinas— A. J: Zabala, Mrs. C. Troendle. Miss
Fannie Smidt. From Klnes City— J. B. R.
Cooper and Henry Anderson.
wife. ' San Rafael— Miss N. I. Miller, Miss F.
do C." Miller. Mrs; J. C -Hoover. .Petaluma—
C. : B. Luff and f amily.j Mrs. Alma J. G. Par
ker. San Jose— Mrs. Maude Beach, Miss Rone
Beach." Mill Valley— Charles Mayer and wife.
Winters— Leland Stark, Stanley Brickey.
Healdsburg— Doc Staton. Miss Passalaqua. Mrs.
Josephine Lansing. C. H. : Pond, Edwin Holgh.
Geyserville— Mrs. E.- J. Smith. > Cloverdale—
Miss M. E. Shelf ord, Miss Lena Shelford, H. G.
Barnes, L. W. Hlatt. Dry Creek— Miss Neva
Board. ¦• ' : ; : - : ' <; - . -.--• : ' . .¦•', . !. '".. '¦ .' ¦. *
RELATING TO SOCIETY
CENSUS BUREAU
GIVES RETURNS
Mrs. E. B. Gibson of Ukiah has been vis
iting her sister-in-law, Mrs. Carrie Holll
day of Ban Francisco. Both ladles have
gone to Camp Capltola. •
Mrs. Birdie Pilcher Welch entertained a
number of her friends on Thursday last at
her home In East Oakland. " Music and
caraes /were enjoyed and refreshments
•were served at a late hour. As It was her
birthday Mrs. Welch was the recipient of
a number of beautiful and useful gifts.
Dr. A. T. Noe has returned from the
East after an absence of eighteen months.
Samuel A. Wells and wife have left .for
a two months* visit to the East. \ ¦ .
A luncheon was given Thursday after
noon by the Misses Jeffers at their home,
505 Sixth street, In honor of Miss Kather
ine Anderson, who is to be married on
September 26 to William Ede.
The regular monthly meeting of the
Native Sons of Vermont will be held on
Friday evening, September 6, at Odd Fel
lows 1 Hall. As usual there will be a lit
erary and musical entertainment, fol
lowed by a dance. The programme for
the evening in full ia as follows: Over
ture, "Green Mountain Boys," Della
piane's orchestra; specialties. Misses
Irene Goudy and Elsie Wachlich; imper
sonations. Miss Grace Johnson; song,
"Sunset and Night" (Abt). Elks' quartet—
W. M. Ogilvie, first tenor; J. H. O'Brien,
second tenor; Robert Lloyd, barytone;
Roy B. Kay, bass. Selections, Professor
Clarkson's Mandolin and Guitar Club;
poprano solo, "A Song of Praise"
(Goublier), Mrs. Eva Tenney; basso
solo (selected), William McDonald,
late of the Bostonians. "A . Les
son in Whist"— Mr. . Cavendish, -. Mr.
Dennison; Mr. Growler, Dr. Sieberst; Mrs.-
Cavendish. Miss Baldwin; Mrs. Growler,
Miss Johnston.
A surprise party ¦was given to Mis?
Euphemia Taylor at her residence last
Saturday evening by the "Buffalo Five."
A very enjoyable evening was spent. The
guests were: Mable Powers, Josie Cra
ven, Ray Stone. Joe Morlarty, Harry
Cooker, Linda Badger, May Badger, Tom
Mahoney, Dan Farrell, Charles Frechette.,
Lizzie ' Gould. Margie Gould. Tom Hene
bery, James Mero, Jack Storm, Clarence
Tantan, Virginia Dondero, Julio Georgl,
Roland Mullin," Mae Nagle, Lizzie Nagle,
Charles Randall, Tona Curley, Porter
Michel, Euphemia Taylor, Oliver Popet,
Addie Brickley, George Lundberg, Thom
as Dowling, Gertrude . Fisher, Bessie
Fisher, Essie Kron, Harry Francis Lynch,
Birdie Holland, Bessie Taylor, Jack Mc-
Menomy, Ruby Nelson, Rita Page, Rob
ert Winters, Percy Kernan, Gracie Honer,
Charlie Hall, Joe Collins. '
Mr. and Mrs. N. M. Jacobs, formerly of
Sacramento, parents of Mrs. Al Jacobs
and Miss Lizzie Jacobs, will celebrate
(heir golden wedding Sunday, September
8, and will be pleased to see their friends
from 2 until 5 at their residence, 1319 Pa
cific avenue, Alameda.
Dr. Louis Markavitz, after a year's ah*
sence, has, returned and will be pleased to
see his friends at 324 McAllister street.
Mr. and Mrs. E. Parsons, announce the
BRITAIN FEARS
THE RUSSIANS
THE ; : SAN.' : -FB^NgiSCO:; ':¦. C ALL^: ;'¦ S UND A Y; SEPTEMBER -. 1 ,190 I;-
26
328 LADIES
r<"Z7&"^"% Of thls clty and State had
&r*Sk0rR4 their ¦wrinkles removed at the
£^&L %W New York Institute of Dermatol.
ogy since its location In Saa
Francisco, March 20th.
Or> Exhibition
at the parlors of the Institute, a lady badly
wrinkled on one side of her face, the other sldo
having been made smooth and youthful In ap-
pearance to show what true scientific dermatol-
ogy can accomplish. The difference In the two
sides is almost beyond belief, astonishing tho
crowds of wondering and admiring ladies who
call to see her. Many of the most prominent
ladles of the Pacific Coast have been made from
20 to 30 years younger In appearance by this
treatment, the methods employed Insuring
against the wrinkles returning in future. Call
and see this living demonstration of the ability
of ths accomplished specialist at the "Institute
to erase all evidence of age, no matter how
deep the wrinkles or of how long standing.
Strictest confidence observed. Ladies in recep-
tion. • .
Ill-shaped noses, double chin, saggy cheeks,
drooping mouth, puffy, baggy lids corrected.
Freckles, hair, moles, warts, scars, red nose
and all marks and blemishes removed.
Call or address N. Y. Institute of Dermatol-
ogy, 916 Market St.. fifth floor. Columbian build-
Ing (opposite Emporium). San Francisco. Pri-
vate sanitarium In connection.
HIGHLAND
SPRINGS:::
The months of September and October at
Highlands are simply beautiful, bright, sunny
days, cool nights. Hunting, Fishing, Riding.
Driving. Every Comfort and Amusement.
Rates from September I to May I,
$10 andSI2 per week; $35, $40
and $45 per month.
Call on L. D. CRAIG, 316. or Traveler Office.
20 Montgomery St.. or MRS. KATE J. WII^
LETTS, room 64, Flood building, San Fran-
cisco, or write to CRAIG & WARNER, man-
agers. Highland Springs, Cal. ;
YOSEMITE VALLEY, ;
BIO OAK FLAT AND TOSEMTTB STAGE
CO.— Running directly through tho Tuolumna
Big Tree Grove. Lowest rates on the market.
Special rates for Ep worth Leaguers. Staging
t% hours first afternoon and * hours next day
arriving at Tosemite Valley 5 p. m. Send for
Illustrated folder. WM. J. "WHITSV G«n.
Agent. 650 Market «t.. opposite Palace Hotel.
S. F.: tel. Black SS71.
LAUREL DELL LAKE.
The most attractive summer and whiter re-
sort In Lake County. , Boating, bathing bowl-
Ing, tennis, new livery, walks and boats. A
marine toboggan 160 feet long. Write for cir-
cular; EDOAR DURNAN. Laurel Dell. Lake
County, Cal.
OWN A HOME "r^ CAMP MEEKER
Buy lots $10 upr cottages built by Meeker. $30
up: boating, bathing, tenting ground free; saw-
mill, depot, store, postofflce at camp: boart
and lodging $8; take Sausallto ferry, $3 round
trip.. Address M. C. MEEKER, or H M.
GREGSON. Camp Meeker. Sonoma Connty.
For rest aa A health I m THE SIFRRA^ -
ESf^HS 0 ?, 0 '" R R- Hewttoa&t rlght-
2*00ft.-13o miles from Sid Fr. No staging good
table; finest scenery, water, air, fruit and climate.
Ideal forests and grounds. $9.00 a week. Send for
booklet. Orchard Sprittzs, Colfax. Cal.
VICHY SPRINGS,
Th« only plaee In the United Siates where
Vichy Water Is abundant. The only natural
Electric Waters; Champagne Baths; Springs
Numerous; Baths Unequaled. Three miles, from
Ukiah. J. A. REDEMEYER & CO..
' . Proprietors.
BELLBVUE HOTEL.
P. O. EL VERANO, Cal.. Verano Station
(Kings Crossing), on California Northwestern
Railway. Hot mineral baths near by. Term*
Jl Per day and upward. PETER GOUILHAR-
POU. Lessee.
MOUNTAIN HOME.
In the Santa Crua Mountains. Rare sport
curing the deer season. Pack of hounds.
rwlmmlng and fine table. Address VIC PON-
CELET. Llagas. CaL
LA^ SPRINGS
STAGE LINE.-Hopland to Bartlett Springs.
via Lakeoort. carrying passengers for Lake-
P°'* and . Bartlett Springs. Stages connect
Jl'l? traln » at Hopland. Leave Hocland at
« :S0 ; ar £y e at LakeDort at 3:30; arrive ai
Bartlett Springs at 7:30. New 6-horse 14-pas-
eenger tourist wagons, made to order for this
«tage line, with all the most modern improve-
ments. Passengers for Lakeport or Bartlitt
Springs call for tickeia by Bartlett Springs
otsst t.In»».
¦ MTLLTCR ft HOWARD. Proprietors.
DR. HALL'S REIN VIGOR ATOaWrara
Five hundred reward for any 9±* V^V'-'S
case we cannot cure. This secret £?*¦ S*C
remedy stops losses in 24 hours, • ' 9i
cures Emissions, Irnpotency. Vari- Sgl • KE*g '
cocele. Strictures, Gleet. Drains, TT F&&1
Lost Manhood and all other wast- &Ll )X-'U
ing effects of self-abuse or fscess- Sj! ?5S5
es. Sent sealed, J2 bottle; 3 bottles. QS*™^*" '
$5; guaranteed to cure any ease. Address
HALL'S MEDICAL INSTITUTE. 855 Broad-
u-av. Oakland. Cal. ¦ Also for sale at lUWft
Market et.. S. F. All private diseases quickly
cured. Send for free book. . . -
ffBBiSMlBar
' - . ADVERTISEMENTS.
I Dry Goods -^^^^^p Company. \
juIaCK UiGSS raDilGS. I
i ...PLAIN WEAVES... |
i ARE THE PREVAILING STYLES FOR FALL, j
J + _ , * J
S ALL NEW MAKES: j
I DEAPDERDSSE, f DHAP DE FRAME !
! DRAP DE MADRAS WOOL IRIS CREPE I
V PEAUDEGANT SILK anfl WOOL CREPE DE FRANCE ;
| W00LMIGN0NETT2 PAHE CREPE {
J. SILK AND WOOL ARMDRE FRENCH CROISEE j
! VENITIENNE CLOTH FRENCH PRUNELLA CLOTH \
! FRENCH CHEVIOT * i FRENCH PANNE CLOTH 1
I ¥ - : ¦ ¦» : — '- : i ]
| Plain Weaves are Distinctly Elegant, Modish and in Good Taste. ]
! CITY OF PARIS DRY GOODS COMPANY, I
¦ SE. Corner Geary and StooUon Streets, San Franoisso. ,
| UNION SQUARE. ;
I MAIL AND EXPRESS ORDERS RECEIVE IMMEDIATE ATTENTION j
[¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦^¦¦¦¦¦Bg^»"gnB»BgnHagai
NEW ADVERTISEMENTS. \
A BALD NEWSPAPER MAN.
Getting a New Crop of Hair, and Haa
. No More Dandruff.
Everybody in the - ; Northwest' knows
Col. Daniel Searles, the veteran Jour-
nalist and' publicist' of ; Butte. ' 'Jan. 10,'
1900, j the Colonel writes : "I used* a
couple j of bottles of , Nowbro's Herpicide
with , marvelous results, j The dandruff
disappeared,, a new crop of ha|r has
taken root, and the bald spot is rapidly
being : covered." Herpicide is the only
hair : preparation thaf kills the dandruff
germ that digs up the scalp in scales as
it- burrows its -way to: the root of the
hair,- where .it destroys' the vitality of
the hair, causing the - hair to fall out.
Kill the dandruff germ yrlth, JBerplc^de.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
SUPERFLUOUS HAIR.
FREE I FACE!
PCSHHWrajJi' 3 permanently removed by DR.
fcififlBr .SSgl'nd MRS. A. W. TRAVERSE.
|»tf\^SaWl»Donohoe building, 1170 Market St.,
Kf«^*3S^2^B w ' lth tho el ectric needle, without
PfcSiiii 'rJBpaln or scar. First sitting free.
H^gK^**RfIo ul "3, 1 to 4 p. m. Brahman
Hpwtjp Je Toilet Cream, 60c; Brahman Tooth
E23L~""«9 Powder8 ' 23c - A11 druggists.
hCTWaiWWK f.arge stock always at J. S. Potts
I ™" 1 H fSxi Q ' A.
LEADING BUSINESS COLLEGE OF THE WEST
24 Poitet, San Francisco, CaU
Established Nearly 40 years. Open Entire Tear.
• ¦ Write for 80-page catalogue (free).
HAMLIN SCHOOL and VAN NESS SEMINARY
1849 JACKSON STRFET,
San Franctiico, Cal.
Hoarding School for Girls. Accredited by
universities of California and Leland Stanford
Jr.. alao Vassar. Smith and Wellesley colleges.
Reopens Aurust It. 190L --
SAB AH P. HAMLTTT. Principal.
SAN FRANCISCO BUSINESS COLLEGE,
. -' < 1236 Market Street.
Actual business bookkeeping-; only expert ac-
countants and reporters as teachers; Greg?
shorthand, the easiest, fastest and most read-
able. Day and evening. FULL COURSE, 160.
THE LYCEUM,
AN ACCREDITED PREPARATORY " SCHOOL
for the university, law and medical colleges;
references. President Jordan or any . Stanford
professor. Phelaa Building. ———--!, -»™^^__ ,
; Mr Brunette Complexion Powder Is"
W the color of brown eldn: it re-
S ' moves freckles and 'keepa the .
J skin soft. Sample free.
J. A. Pozsoci. St. Louis. Mo.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
MRS. NETTIE HARRISON'S
Lola fflontez
JU*£ Nettie HahrisoKS
LATEST PORTRAIT
During the summer months when
there are cutting winds and hot sun-
shine the face is apt to be more or less
irritated. Ladies will find that Mrs.
Nettie Harrison's Lola Montez Creme —
the great skin food — will keep the face
cool and free from any irritation, as the
Creme sooths and comforts the skin,
thereby preventing sunburn | and
freckles. Lola Montez Creme is not a
beautifier but is a skin restorer andj
preservative— it keeps the complexion
soft and clear. All druggists, 75c
Trial Jar Send 10 cents in stamps
_ to cover packing and post-
Free age .
Gray hair restored to its 4*day hair
natural color by Mrs. , J m
Nettie Harrison's restorer
Superfluous hair permanently remov-
ed by the Electric Needle.
A\RS. NETTIE HARRISON
Dermatologist
781 Geary Street Ssn FranciscoSpecial Dispatch to The Call.
Arrangement Is Made That
Benefits Service and
Clerks.
Reno Is Selected for New
Station to Be Es
tablished.
DIVIDING MAIL
LINE TO OGDEN
THE DEAN OF DENVER, HEAD OF THE CLERICAL. DELEGATION TO THE EPISCOPALIAN CONVENTION TO
BE HELD IN THIS CITY IN OCTOBER. AND THE BEAUTIFUL. EDIFICE ERECTED THROUGH HIS EF
FORTS IN THE CHIEF CITY OF COLORADO.
COVELO, Aug. 31.— T. R. Hutchinson of
Oakland to-day had notices posted offer
ing JtVK) to any one finding his son Pren
tiss alive and $250 if he be found dead. No
trace of the young man's whereabouts haa
Hutchinson Offers Heavy Reward.
KANSAS CITY. Mo.. Aug. 31.— A special
to the Star from Atchlson, Kansas, says:
Celestine. Sullivan, a newspaper man of
Atchieon. who formerly studied for the
priesthood, has been appointed by the
Catholic University of America, located
at Washington, D. C, to go to the Philip
pines and promote Catholic education
there. Mr. Sullivan win remain three
years, establishing and teaching Catholic
schools similar > to those in the United
States. ..*.vl';:Vr!r .- - .- - , . . .: -
Will Promote Catholic Education.
HEALDSnURG, Aug. 31.— Miss Amelia
Heald was badly Injured in a runaway
last night. She was driving alone when
her horpe took fright and she was thrown
from the buggy. Her collarbone was
broken and she sustained internal In
juries, lier condition is critical.
Thrown From Her Buggy.
Ludlow's ¦ Remains to Be Cremated.
WASHINGTON, Aug. 31.— Information
has been. received at the War. Department
that • the remains- pf ¦ Brigadier ' General
Ludlow - will i be cremated. Services will
be held Tuesday, at Trinity Church in New
York. . The ashes' will -be interred- at -the
old home of the Ludlowson Lone: Jsjand.
LONDON, Aug. 31.— The ¦ British cus
toms collection for the, fiscal year 1900-1901
were £26.270,579. This Is £3,227,487 ' more
than for 1899-1900 and £2,650,959 more than
the budget estimate. The Inland revenues
collected by the customs were £7,227,977
an increase over those of 1899-1900 of £942 -
081. The principal customs Increases were-
Tobacco, £1,952,656/ and tea, £1,635,569.
British Customs | Collections.
STOCKTON, Aug. 31.— It is stated on re
liable authority that the shipments of po
tatoes from Terminus for the last two
weeks have been worth $15,000 a day to
the shippers, or $315,000 for the period. The
commission men who made the computa
tion brought out the fact that $13,000 of
this has been distributed among farmers
bearing Italian, Portuguese, Japanese and
Chinese names. The potatoes were grown
at Terminus and on Staten, Bouldln,
Roberts, Sargcnts. Tyler, Andersons, Jer
sey, Union and Grand islands.
Potato Crop Enriches Farmers.
] NEW YORK, Aug. 31.— Lord Strathcona
and Mount Royal, Canadian High Com
missioner in London, who arrived here
to-day on board the Campania, said that
the Duke and Duchess of Cornwall and
York would not visit the United States, it
being their purpose to vlalt only British
possessions. This course was decided
upon, Lord Strathrona said, because
many governments have invited the royal
couple to visit them. They were unable
to do so, and In order not to give offense
will confine their tour to British de
pendencies.
He Will Enter British Pos
sessions Only.
Duke of Cornwall and York Decides
KING EDWARD'S SON
WILL NOT VISIT ITS
PHILADELPHIA, Aug. 3L— The list of
dead as the result of, the explosion of a
boiler on the steamboat City of Trenton
in the Delaware River last Wednesday
has now leached twenty-one. Sixteen
bodies have been identified and five still
await identification at the morgue. Eight
bodies were recovered to-day in the vicin
ity of the disaster. Nine persons are
missing and the unidentified are probably
among the number.
The bodies Identified were those of
Marian Aehmead, aged 16 years; Anna B.
Herr, aged 1G years; Mrs. Matilda Cross,
21 years; Mrs. Alice Matthews, 41 years;
Irene Wield, 16 years; Dora Wield, 12
years, all of Philadelphia; Harry Johnson,
aged 36 years. Hulmeville, Pa., and Mont
gomery Marvel, 24 years old, Seaford,
The Federal and local Inspectors to-day
began investigation of the City of Tren
ton, which is docked at Neafie & Levy's
ship yard. The port boiler, which ex
ploded. Is still at the bottom of the river,
having been blown out of the boat.
BOSTON, Aug. 31.— A special ' from
Cataumet to the Herald says: . It is rather
unusual for four persons in one family to
meet death within a period of one month.
Yet this occurred in the case of Mr." and
Mrs. Alden P. Davis and their two
daughters, Mrs. Irving:. Gibbs and Mrs.
Harry Gordon, the latter of Chicago, the
deaths taking place only a few weeks ago.
Some one started a rumor that these
persons, or at least two of them, did not
die from natural causes. Finally the Dis
trict Attorney ordered . an investigation
and Joseph Whitney j of the State police
force was -Instructed to conduct an au
topsy on the bodies of Mrs. Gordon and
Mrs. Gibbs. An undertaker exhumed the
bodies yesterday and an autopsy was held
in the presence of medical experts, in
cluding State 'Examiner Paunce, State
Detective .Whitney, Professor Whitney
and Professor Wood of Harvard College.
While Professor Wood had undoubtedly
been engaged by Captain Paul Gibbs to
attend; the autopsy, he was also present
as an expert - employed by the State and
to his custody were intrusted the organs
of the two bodies for chemical analysis.
This, ~. In the minds of many, shows that
the authorities are looking for poison. The
fact that the Jacon House, which was tha
home of the Davis family, was set on fire
four or five times during the interval be
tween the death of Mrs. Davis and her
younger daughter is considered as having
an Important bearing on the case. '
Whether the bodies of Mr. , and Mrs
Davis are to be exhumed depends on the
result of the autopsy held. yesterday. Thje
result will not be made known for several
days.' • .'¦'•'¦.' '" " ¦
SALT LAKE. Utah, Aug. 31.— A special
to the Herald from Denver says that the
Colorado and Northwestern Railway is to
be. extended to Salt Lake City. The an
nouncement is made by Thomas H. Mann,
who has Just returned from "Chicago,
where he haa been in conference, with
Colonel S. B. Dick, one of the projectors
and builders of the Colorado and North
western, and who recently gained control
of the stock of the road. The new road
ia to be standard gauge throughout and
it will be one of the important links of
a new transcontinental system.
It Is intimated that an understanding
already exists between Senator W. A.
Clark and the financiers behind the Colo
rado and Northwestern enterprise by
which the Clark road from Southern" Cal
ifornia and the Northwestern will form
one system from the Pacific Coast. ' The
distance between Salt Lake and Denver,
it Is claimed, will be reduced 200 miles by
the proposed route. .
Eight' Bodies of Victims
Recovered From the
Delaware.
The Colorado and North
western "Will Build
to Salt Lake.
Four Persons Die in One
Eastern Family in
a Month.
SUDDEN DEATHS
PUZZLE POLICE
RAILROAD LINE
TO BE EXTENDED
Victim of a Disaster Dies.
y ROCHESTER, K. Y.. Aug. 31.— E. H.
Bradley of Sor.eca Falls, one of the vic
tlrrs cf the FairvMe wreck Thursday
•?ver.in?, died this morning. This makes
the total number cf dead thus far. as the
result of the jrrirtpnt mpir»
REV. HENRY MARTYN HART.
D.D., rector of St. John's Cathe
dral, dean of Denver and head of
the clerical delegation to the tri-*"
ennial convention of the Episco
pal church, which meets In this city on
October 2 ranks as the most eloquent and
learned divine of his denomination west
of the Mississippi River. To the accom
plishment of a finished pulpit orator he
combines equal attainments as a scholar
in Greek and a thorough knowledge of the
abstruse physical sciences.
In 1S72, when broken In health from over
work, he made a tour of the world, visit
ing California en route and acquiring a
high impression of the wonderful re
sources and scenic attractions of this
Visiting Denver, he preached to the con
gregation in old St. John's Church and
produced so marked an impression that a
call was extended to him to remain as
rector. Several years later the call was,
renewed and a salary named that is re
ceived by but few clergymen in the
United States. The dean at that time was
the incumbent of a parish at Blackheath,
London, and head master of a flourishing
school for boys, and to accept the call
from Denver involved heavy financial sac
rifice, but esteeming the call as one by
divine inspiration and charmed with the
prospect of ministering In a new and re
sourceful country, it was accepted.
The old church soon gave way to a
stately cathedral, classic in design and
enriched with costly and appropriate or-
RIVER WATERS
GIVE UP DEAD
namentatlon, Seating 1500 persons, and is
none too large for the great congregations
which crowd the edifice at every service,
all thrilled with sentiments of admiration
toward the gifted and eloquent, rector.
The dean is practical in all his methods,
aggressive in his ministerial work and a
hater of all pretense and shams. Liberal,
as a churchman, he is equally popular in
all the denominations. Known and ad
mired on both continents the distinction
is universally accorded the gifted dean of
being- the first citizen of enterprising and
progressive Denver.
Dean Hart by- birth is a "Yorkshire
man" where his father is Vicar of Otley,
and is a graduate of Trinity College, Dub
lin. "While incumbent at Blackheath the
dean orlgina-ted a scheme of charity or
ganization which was adopted in that
populous community and met with such
unprecedented results as to completely
modify former practices for dealing with
tiie subject in great cities, and has been
adopted in all the great municipalities of
the world. Dean Hart's voice will be
heard in all Jthe great debates of the con
vention, ani? among the churches he will
be in demand as preacher.
The greatest social function ever
planned in California will be the recep
tion to be accorded the delegates to the
general convention . of the t Episcopal
church. Seventy bishops, coming from
every State and Territory in the United
States, a Spiritual Lord Bishop of Great
Britain, four hundred of the greatest
preachers of the church in America and
as many laymen will attend the conven
tion.
The laymen who have been named as
The reception probably will be held In
the. Hopkins. Art Institute on account of
its great size and accessibility and its
splendid collection of art treasures, which
would add much to the enjovment of the
occasion. The opportunity that will be
given at the Hopkins mansion for a mag
nificent floral display will be fully em
ployed. It is expected to astonish the dis
tinguished visitors by an exhibition of
floral beauty and sumptuousness that
they will remember all their lives. Sev
eral string bands are to be engaged for
the occasion, all under the direction of
Mr. Eaton, the new and accomplished
organist of Trinity Church. If possible
an elaborate electrical display will be
made a feature of the decorations,
While impossible at this time to fix
a date upon which the reception will be
held, it will probably be on Wednesday
evening, October 9.
Nearly every delegate will be accom
panied by one or more friends or rela
tives, and to arrange at" least one general
reception when all the visitors may meet
their fellow.-churchmen of the coastals
one of the duties of the executive com
mittee. This committee has delegated to
the women of the Episcopal church In
San Francisco and Oakland, with Mr3.
William Alvord of Trinity and Mrs.
Henry T. Scott of St. Luke's as the re
sponsible heads, entire charge of the re
ception. . , . , '.>•« _;. :.
delegates include some of the greatest
financiers and statesmen of the country,
who have been selected to represent their
dioceses at the triennial assemblage on
account of their character, learning and
devotion to their creed.
An organ recital ar.d sacred concert will
be given in Emmanuel Baptist Church this
evening. An excellent programme has
beeri prepared.
The monthly mu5ical service of Grace
Church vrill be held «his evening when
Gounod's "Mokt Gallia" will be rendered
also, for the first time in this city, "A
and "Katie Dimittls," in B
£at. composed for the festival In St
Paul's Cathedra!. London, in aid of the
Royal School for the Daughters </! the
Army and written by Sir George C. Mar
tin, organist of the cathedral. During the
offertory the "Storm Fantasia" will be
played on the organ.
The Rev. John A. B. "Wilson of the How
ard ICi E.. Church will preach this morn-
Ing on "Lead Us. Heavenly Father," and
in the evening on "The God That Answers
by Fire."
„ Jhe Rev. Milton D. Buck of the Trinity
y. E. Church will preach this morning
*:: "Buried With Christ in Baptism "
The Rev. Frank K. Baker of the First
.£' ,?£ arch wlU P rea ch this morning
on Self-Examination" and in the evening
on "The Life of Christ."
? The Vi ev - "^ c - Bane of the California
etreet M. i^. Church will preach this even
ing on "Going Away From God."
, T ( h^ Re \ E - A - Woods of the First Bap
tist Church will preach this morning on
'Do W e Owe God Anything?" and in the
evening on "Why I Believe the Bible "
Memorial services to the late Rev J M
Buehler will be held this evening at "the
First English Lutheran Church. Rev E
Kelander pastor, and at the German Luth
eran Church, Rev. Herman Gehrcke, pas-
The Rev. S. D. Hutsinpiller of the Cen
tral M. E. Church will preach this morn
ing on "Bearinsrs of Tidings" and in the
evening on"What Harm and Who Does
The Rev. John Hemphill of the Calvary
Presbyterian Church will preach this
morning' on "God's Fellow Workers" and
in the evening on "The Speech Betrayeth
Thee."
*" M J* n ~ w111 s<? the subject of discussion
c u. the Fim P«Hxh of Christ, Scientist,
this morning:.
The Rev. William Rader of the Third
Congregational Church will preach this
morning on "The Vision of the Horses
and the Chariots" 1 and in the evening on
¦ Tne Honest Man."
The Rev. Bradford Leevltt of the First
Unitarian Church will preach this morn
ing or. "The Free Man."
The Rev. George C. Adams of the First
Congregational Church will preach this
morning on "The Power of Vision" and
in the evening on "The Athlete."
The Rev. H. H. Bell of the First United
Presbyterian Church will preach this
morning en "Free Religion" and in the
evening on "The Talents."
The Rev. T. Brown of the A. M. E.
Zion Church will preach this morning on
"Christ's New Commandant to • the
world" and in the evening on "Christ's
Seccr.d Ccming— the Hope of the World."
The Rev. W. E. Dugran of the Stewart
Memorial Church will preach this morn
ing' on "The Edora Conqueror" and in the
evening: on "The Internal and External
God.'
The anniversary praise service of the
Simpson Memorial Methodist Episcopal
Church, corner of Hayes and Buchanan
streets, will be held this evening. The
first part of the programme will consist
of singing by a male quartet, a contralto
soio and a irio from Verdi for soprano
tenor and barytone. This will be followed
by the rendering of the first part of
Hadyn's "Creation," including the great
choruses. "The Marvelous Work "
-Awake the Hats'! and "The Heavens
Are Telling." The soloists are Mrs. A.
Miss Carrie Eulass. Cecil Smith
and Edward Moore, tenor solojst of the
Loring Club. Isaac E. Blake is choir di
rector and Miss Mabel Jones organist.
The mass meeting for men at the Young
n s Christian Association. Mason and
Ellis streets, this afternoon at 3 o'clock
xnll be addressed by several prominent
laymen. Music will be under the dlrec-
S$e* Inv'ted — Macurda - A11 y° u "S men
Rev F. S Ford of the First Christian
-viHT T^" !l1 P rcacJ > tn's morning on
•»« ha .L Does Membership in the Churcn
L* ea h if m the evc " ine on "Tempted
Subjects to Be Preached On
by Pastors of This
Oity To-Day.
Interesting Programme
for Simpson M. E.
Church.
PRAISE SERVICE
WILL BE HELD
27
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 1, 1901.
the Clerical Delegation.
Rector of St. John's Cathedral in That City Will Head
DENVER ELOQUENT EPISCOPAL
DEAN WILL ATTEND CONVENTION
rather, Mother and Two Children
Kay Die From Effects of an
Explosion.'
AL.TOONA, Pa., Aug. 31.— At Munson, a
mining town north of this city, Emanuel
Renus, a German miner, was emptying
powder from one cask to another at his
home when a spark fell from his pip© into
the powder. The explosion which fol
lowed wrecked the house and hurled the
Renua family in all directions. The
father, mother and two children were ter
ribly burned and mangled. All are living,
but their death is expected. .. . . .
SPARK STRIKES POWDER
AND FAMILY IS INJURED
CALL. BUREAU, 1406 O BTRKET, N.
W., WASHINGTON, Aug. 31.— On auggea
tibn by the local department, the question
of dividing the mall route between Ogden
and San lYanclaco haa been discussed at
Washington during a period covering
nearly a year, and It has now been decided
to establish a station at Reno, Nev. This
will affect forty-five clerks In the railway
mall service, and -thirty-two of them will
have to go to Ogden to live. The new ar
rangement will facilitate the distribution
of mail and insure better service for San
Francisco. It will also be a great con
venience to the clerks. ' . - ' --. ¦- .
Previously it has been necessary for the
clerks to work thirty hours going from
and thirty-one hours proceeding to San
Francisco on the fastest trains. . The trip
has taken nine days. The distance from
San Francisco to Ogden is 835 miles. From
Ogden to Reno the distance Is 589 miles
and Reno Is 244 miles from San Francisco."
Sixty men are employed on the line.
Hereafter there- will be four crews at
San Francisco and six crews at Ogden.
Men will be transferred from Ogden to
San Francisco as fast as possible, the
transfers being dependent upon seniority.
The new arrangement was approved only
after mature consideration. The men will
be benefited as there will be.eome promo
tions to make captains for the new crews.
BBIHIlllBllllllIlliailllllllllllSIlIfllllllllfi
I HIGH GRADE NOVELTIES f
| NOW ON EXHIBITION. g
gGOLDEN GATE CLOAK& SUIT HOUSE [
g Is Showing the Very Latest Creations in g
¦TAILOR-MADE SUITS, JACKETS, «
| CAPES and SEPARATE SKIRTS S
| O UR PRICES ENTICE P URCHASERS. |
¦ "''¦'¦ ¦ • '¦ ' ¦'¦ - ¦ 5
g Never before were such Novelties offered at such reason- ¦
g able prices at the commencement of the season. 1
S SEE DISPLAY IN OUR WINDOWS. . |
5 $k£\ $10.00. $8.50. ' /0^\feMiSk n
¦ WK p U^ E W00L A « to - Bo / Coats. (Mfi^^P i
¦ W**fr BLACK VENE- made of Castor |MOTraj' 5
S tL^T TIAN TAILQK Kersey, lined 1/fRfl Hm*rT S
S - AtW . SUITS, newest throaghout. th^ UJLw&f ji/ Bl
m /^&5«V Eton effects, latest very latest cut; ¦
S / X^ 8^^ cut skJ rt with 20 i. ar ?a smoke pearl B&&&S& ¦
¦ I k\ •ll\ rows ot sU*- stitch- buttons, fine tailor- JST^% ¦
H J /^\, Kll \ ing. ins and perfect fit- pQi •¦TS • S .
J ||j| $15.00. if^ ln^ S Illlp S
! >rt l\\ Black and Navy «r»»/-» 4^/-k McH^^^ 1 i / I
S /W « ill CHEVIOT TAI- 810. 00. H
B I W\ LOB SUITS, Nov- CIO rzt\ flSK^» T I
¦ 7 \1\ eltv Et °n Style, <pI^»OU Ml£m£>**' I H
II / ' M Jacket and Skirt 5"^ _ / jSfMat^jn/ z£
¦ / Jw artistically trim- §15.00. Z&&$*£l&& Si
¦ HI S? s - ( i5 AI^ TA 5 lOK SUITS » rich and . exclusive styles, at 82O.0O. 5
PH 8*O,UUi JScJU.lHJ. ° . tZ
¦ rtjjlHKg TAN VENETIAN fjjp DeD*t H
¦ fflmSMl tons, lined through- Jackets, lined with HP§Rk H
B lanj^^li ' out "^t* 1 Sllk Ro " extra <3 uali ty satin; V^^ 3
J l^r fe^l vJ>3.VJU. revere; new cuffs? B
I 1230, 1232, 1234MARiETlTr^ |
*XIYOL;I*
¦ . ;"*~* • -.i
Evenings at 8 Sharp.
Matinee Saturday at 2 Sharp.
"A SERIES OF MUSICAL SURPRISES"
IS THE SEASON OF
GRAND OPERA.
Musical Direction of Paul Stelndorff.
T0-NIGHT....MEFIST0FELE
-Week of September 2— Two
Superb 'Works,
. Bellini's Splendid Opera,
- NORMA
Friday, Saturday 1 1 U HI 1 1 fl
"garbareschl as "Horma"
!SSr m I B N 0 N
Collamarlnl as "Mlpon"
Both "Operas Cast and Mounted in
SPLENDID STYLE.
Week of Sept. SH-The Enormous Hits,
"CARMEN " jmd "FAUST"
POPULAR PRICES— I5c, 60c and 750,
Telephone— Busb S.
GRANDS
LAST MATINESl TO-DAT.
FAREWELL NIGHT OP
DANIEL FRAWLEY AND COMPANY
• Presenting — —
LORD AND LADY ALGY.
Starting With- —
LABOR DAY MATINEE (MONDAY).
Every Evening During the Week.
USUAL MATINEES SATURDAT AND SUN-
DAT. .
¦ . America's Foremost Romantic Actor. i
Supported by
THE GRAND OPERA-HOUSE STOCK COM-
PANY.
. A Very Strong Organization,
In
Lester Wallack's Great Romantic Drama, ¦
ROSEDALE.
POPULAR PRICES 10c, 15e. 25c. EOc. 75o
Good Orchestra Seats at All Matinees 25c.
Branch Ticket Office— Emporium.
BEpasco ambthaics ,&$&%&
MATJNEE TO-DAT. TO-NIGHT— Last Time.
Magnificent Revival of tha Great Melodrama,
"THE TWO ORPHANS."
DDIfCC Evenings .10c 15c, 25c, 35c, 50c
rulWCo Matinees .10c. 15c. 25c
NEXT TUESDAY EVENING.
First Production on any* stags of Edward Eis-
ner's Biblical Drama.
"A VOICE FROM
THE WILDERNESS"
ROBERT DOWNING as John the Baptist.
A Great Cast— 200 People on the Stage. -
This theater will be closed to-morrow evening.
TO-NIGHT— "ROMEO AND JULIET."
TO-MORROW NIGHT, '
FLORENCE ROBERTS
... ¦ Supported by_ WHITE WHITTLESET.
In ¦ a superb production of
INGOMAR!
, WITH ALL. NEW SCENERT.
"• PRICES— 15c, 25c, 85c, BOe and Toe.
— -i ; :.P^ LY , MATINEE SATURDAY. .'JT;'
AJITJSEMENTS.
>Vcek Commencing This Afternoon, Sept. 1
Special Matinee, Monday, Labor Day
A NEW AND NOVEL SHOW
Brightest Phases of Vaudeville !
¦ The World-Renowned Comedy Trto,
J. ALDRICH KATHERINE
LIBBY.TRAYER
JOHN D.
and GILBERT
Jn the Musical Skit, "The Debutante."
Direct From Europe, the
FIVE SUNBEAMS
" Premiere Singers and Acrobatic Dancers.
THE FAR-FAMED
LA VALLEE TRIO
Two Lady Harpista and a Violinist©.
Direct From Paris,
MLLE. LOTTY
In" the Latest European Sensation, i
• TALKATIVE
MISS NORTON
America's Foremost Lady Entertainer.
LUCIUTSAilNDERS
Dramatic Contralto,' 5 In New Songs.
POWELL
The Magician and Illusionist. ¦ •'' ¦'¦
THE mOGRAPH
With New and Interesting: Views.
LAST WEEK. OF THE
CRAGG FAMILY
The World's Greatest Acrobats.
Parauet. 25c, any seat; Balcony, 10c; Chil-
dren, 10c, any % part except reserved. ¦ A few
front orchestra rows reserved, 60c; front rows
of balcony, reserved, 25c.
ftftl HUni A SAN FRASCISCO'8
vULiUlwlEIIM HADING THEATRE
BEGINNING TO-MORROW NIGHT.
MATINEE'SATURDAY.
CHARLES FROHMAN Presents
Annie Russell
In the Comedy of Romance,
Royal Family!
By R. MARSHALL. J \
Exactly as seen for over six months last season
at the Lyceum Theater, New York. •
Original Production and Cast.
Among Those Appearing in Support ..Will Be:
Mrs G. H. Gilbert, Orrin Johnson, ;
W. H. Thompson, Lawrance D'Orsay,
Richard Bennett, ) Charles Butler, j
Ethel Sanford, ' ' '.' . Mabel Morrison.
STARTING WITH TO-NIGHT,
MK. JAMBS AND THE
JMWIL^L neill
/¥Im/1JwJw company.
Presenting Oacar Wilde's Brilliant Society "¦
. Drama, . ¦„¦ ; c .
a« IDEAL HUSBAND
Evening .•'.......;..........'.. 25c, 35c. 50c. 75c, J1.00
BARGAIN MATINEB THURSDAYS.
- — 25e and BOe ¦
. . SEPTEMBER 8, \
FAREWELL WEEK OF MR.. JAMES NEILT.
AND COMPANY IN REPERTORY,
j.; > ¦••¦•'- 6EATS .THURSDAYS
FTSf!HER'S CON^ ERT house.
r *MVfVr' IV ; J ? Admission 10c. .
:The Paloraa. Quartet,, the Coopers,' June
Mathlas,- Sam .Holdsworth, W."» W. s Durant,
An-.os Da vis, May belle de Heard, Coleman and
Mexls and . HlnrichB' Orchestra. .. •. - .
AD VEBTISEIilEyTS.
Large hardwood rocker,
taring broad wood eeat— 3 2. SO
Oct an estimate from us on every-
thing required to furcleh your entire
establishment. Credit and free de-
livery witfcin ICO mlln.
We close at 6 except on Saturdays
T. BriSSiasit
FURNITURE CO.,
338-342 POST STREET,
j Opposite Union Square.
2 visit DR. JORDAN'S great4
hidSEUS OF fif«TOffiYJ
\ l!f The Larrett Anatomica) Muveum in the \
M *-*- *fc»t World. We»kne»»« or any contacted a
v J/~ £55 »5HW |»»lli»») y rurr4 lij thf oliitit V
© /£5t3C b P CCJ " ilst on tbe Coxst. Jjt. J6re»r». *J
!VZ$£& DR * JC3DAM-DISEASES OF HEN Q
k iSV^O Treatment personally or by Itttrr. A A
B JT £71 a J'tittvt Cure ia every cue undenaken. V
k 9 If lln Writu fryr li'-olc. Pmi.OMOCaVv? A
V » (J jlH BaiBIACE, MAILED FXEE. fAf
A 1} (L valuable book for mra) \
v DB. 4OKD*X A CO.. 1051 Martot Kt.,S. F. f
Purely vegetable, mild and ' reliable. Causes
I . r.ect dlseetlon. complete abecrptlon and
i.' ;. itiiful regularity.
For the cure of all dlsorf'»rs of the Stomach,
Liver, Bowels. JCidneys, Bladd/r, Female Jr-
ltgularlties. Kicl< Hbadache. E'llousness, / Con-
rtt|*ilon, Pll-s and all deraag-ementB ot the
Ht»«rnal Vlecera. 25e a bc.K. At Drurc<«ta. or
W-itail. «aj>WAT & CO.. A'ew Xork. '<
¦*. ¦ JM^r+uiT ,. ¦>.ri-..-T ._:-«.. .*,
AMTTgEMENTS.
UNION COURSING PARK
JOHN GRACE, Judge; JAS. F. GRACE, Slipper
TO-DAY,
Sunday - September 1st.
High-Class
Open Stake
64— NOMINATIONS— 64
$6OO-TotaI Purse-$6OO
TRAIN SERVICE.
Leaves Third and Townaend atreeta 1015 a
m.. 11 a. m.. Bm. and 1p.m.; Twenty-ftfth
and Valencia rtreeta live minutes later Re-
turnlnr at 4:45 p. m. and after the last course.
Ban Mateo electric cars every «u minutes.
ADMISSION 25e. LADIES FREE.
OLYMFIA Siigi
THE ONT.T KRBJEVAtrDBVUJLB HOUSB
IN THE CITY.
THE GAGNOUX,
• 1 Celebrated European Jugglers. ; t X2J
IZA MILLER,
• Comedienne. ¦ ;i
MEMPHIS KENNEDY,
Musical Comedian. . r> '
ANNIE MORRIS,
Coon Shooter. ' "- '. \ -
AND OUR CELEBRATED STOCK COMPANX
MATINEB EVERT SUNDAY ¦¦ '•
AMATEUR NIGHT EVERT FRIDAY
ADMISSION FREE. '
IXHIBITIOII 8E0TOM, J0L80K AMD 18TH 8T8.
LAST TWO PEKOBMANCES TO-DAY.
AFTERNOON AT 2.
NIGHT AT 8
DOORS OPEN AT 1 AND 7 P. M.
RIWGLINB BROS'
g CIRCOS-
Blreest, Grandest and Most Complete Areitlo
Exhibition en Earth! " . °
CHUTES and zoO
BIG VAUDEVILLE BILL
INCLUDING
AMETA, THE ESMONDS, VAL
VOTJSDEN", HAYES BROTHERS,
IN A AIXEN, KOBEBT A. NO2UT,
AND NEW MOVING PICTURES.
THURSDAY NI6BT-^TBE AMATEUBS
Telephone for Seats Park S3.
SUTRO BATHS.
OPENNIGHTS. :
OPEJf^ DAILY from 7 a. m. to Jl p.. m. •.;-? I-
Bathing from 7 a. m." to 1»:SO p. m.
ADMISSION. l«c. CHILDREN. 5c. ?
Bathing, including admission, 25c; children, 20c.
' ¦ ¦. v ' * ~ ¦ '
PALACE
. _ __ . Tliesu ftatels pessasi
AND th « attributes that tour-
***- .f% ists and trarelcra a^
IZR ANT) predate— central ,- : loca-
W* 1 ™ 11 Hon. liberal . manaf e,
uatist c nsent. modern appoint-
nUlCL3, menu and perfect cut-
fine.
San Ametlcan and Euro- >\
• p«aa plan*,
Franetsco.
•¦ ¦ ¦¦•¦:¦THE SAj^^RA#CISCO CALL, ' BU JNJUA Y, vntfLUMiSblU, 1 , lyui;
28
SAX FRAA'CISCO CAM-
JfUSINESS . OFFICE ] of The r San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets; open
entil 12 o'clock every night in the year."
BRANCH OFFICES— E27 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 p. m.
S00 Hayes street; open until 9:30 p. m.
C39 McAllister street ; open until 9:38 p. m.
K15 L&rJdn street; open until 9:30 p.' ra.
1M1 Mission street; open until 10 p. m.
tXl Maxket «treet. > «orner Sixteenth ; open
until 9 p. m.
106 Eleventh street; open until 9 p. m.
1C96 Valencia street; open until 9 p. m.
Northwest corner Twenty-second -*od' Ken-
tucky streets; open until 9 p. m. -..-'",
2200 Flllmore street; open until 9 p. m.
CHURCH SERVICES.
A— CHURCH cf St. Mary the Virgin (Epiaco-
pal), corner Steiner and Union Bts.— Unlon-
*L can pass the door; high macs at 11 a. m.:
masses of th« masters, arranged for St. Mary
the Virgin, with organ and wind instrument
accompaniment; solemn vespers of the Virgin
Mary at 4 in the afternoon; "Ave Maria,"
"Gregorlans," "O Salutarls" and "Tantum
Ergo." ¦ arranged for St. Mary the Virgin:
John Haraden Pratt, F. • C. M-. director of
the choir; mass said dally at 7:30 a. ra.; ves-
pers daily at 5 p. m.
TRINITY Church, corner Bush and Gough 6ts.
—The Rev. Frederick W. Clainpett, D. D..
rector. Holy communion. 7:30 and 11 a. m.
Morning Ben-ice, 11 o'clock. Evening service,
4 o'clock. Friday service at 11 a. m. for arnv
and navy. The rector trill preachy
SIMPSON Memorial Episcopal Church, corner
of Hayes and Buchanan sts. — Rev. John
Stephens, the pastor, will preach at 11 a. m.
and 7:45 p. m. In the evening anniversary
praise service. The choir, under the direction
of I. E. Blake, will render the first part of
Haydn's "Creation": soloists. -Miss Eulass,
• Cecil Smith. Edward M. Moore. In addition
there will be a male quartet, a trio and a
contralto eolo by Mrs. -Norton. Seats free.
All invited. '•--•'
CENTRAL Methodist Episcopal Church, Mis-
sion 6t.. between Sixth and Seventh— Dr. S.
¦ , D. Hutelnplller will conduct services and
prea/ch at 11 o'clock on the topic "Man and
the Science of His Right Living." and at 7:45
p. ra. on the topic "Who Does Harm' and
Who Escapes ItT 1 Seats free. Good music
and a cordial welcome to all. ,
UNITARIAN Church (First), southwest corner
of Geary and Franklin sts. — Rev. Bradford
Leavltt. mtnlster; Rev. Dr. Stebblna, minister
" enwituB; Charles A. Murdock, superintendent
of Sunday school. The Sunday school is at 10
o'clock. The morning service is at 11 o'clock.
Rev. Mr. Leavltt will preach: subject. "The
Free Man." Communion service after the
regular service. All are cordially invited.
There is no evening service. . :¦• 'if.
UNITARIAN Church (Second), corner Capp
and Twentieth 6ts. — Rev. E. F. Dinsmore,
minister. Sunday school at 9:45 o'clock. At
11 o'clock the minister will preach on the
"Overthrow of Theology." There will be no
evening service. -¦.¦•.--•
CALVARY Presbyterian Church, services In
St. John's Church, corner California and Oc-
tavia 6ts. — Rev. John Hemphlll, D. D., pas-
tor; Rev. George C. Eldredge. associate pas-
tor elect. Dr. Hemphlll • will preach at 11
a. m. : topic. "God'« Fellow Workers." Mr.
Eldredge will preach at 7:45 p. m. ; topic.
"Thy Speech Bewrayeth Thee." Sunday
school after morning service. Christian En-
deavor Society. 6:30 p. m. Prayer meeting
Wednesday evening. S o'clock.
FIRST Congregational Church, corner Post and
Mason Ets.— Rev. George C. Adams, D. D.,
pastor. Rex\ W. M. Klncaid. D. D., of Hono-
lulu. H. I., will preach at both services; at
11 a. m.. theme. "The Power of Vision"; at
7:45 p. m.. theme. "The Athlete." AH are
cordially invited.
EMMANUEL Baptist Church. Bartlett Bt..
near Twenty-third— Pastor, Rev. J. George
Gibson. Morning service, 11 o'clock. Even-
ing. 7:45. Organ recital and concert. Soloists —
Soprano. Miss F. H. Perkins; bass, Robert
Jones; barytone*. W. W. Bradford and Rev.
J. George Gibson: violin. Paul A. Normand;
organist. Miss Lotta Underhlll.
FIRST Church of ChriEt, Scientist. Central
block 223 Sutter ft., between Kearny st. and
Grant ave.— Christian Science Bible lesson at
11 a, m.; subject, "Man." Sunday school for
children nt the same hour. Wednesday even-
Ing meeting at 8 o'clock. Free readlngr-rpom.
206 Kearny st-. room 510. All 'are welcome.
THE First Mental Science Temple of San Fran-
cisco meets every Sunday morning at 11
o'clock in Golden Gate Hall. 625 Sutter st.—
New thought subjects presented. This morning
Mrs. Jennie Smith will deliver her individual-
istic lecture on "Fear." Do not fail to hear
It. Seats free. Collection. Members of tem-
ple requested to be present for business after
lecture.
SWAMI ABHEDANANDA of Calcutta. India,
now oa a visit here from Nexr Tork City, will
deliver one lecture under the- auspices of the
Vedanta Society of San Francisco on Sun-
day next. September 1, at 3 p« m.. at Union-
square Hall, 421 Pest st.. prior to his depart-
ure to Lof Angeles; subject. "What- Is Ve-
danta?" Admission free. Collection^ -
GOLDEN Gate Lodge Theosophlcal Society-
Free public lectures every Sunday at 8 p. m..
Flood fcullding. 809 Market st. Subject to-
night, "Dreams." by Marie A. Walsh. Bible
class Sundays, 10:30 a. m. Theosophlcal study
class Thursday, 2:30 p.' m. Public cordially
Invited. ¦
'•THEOSOPHICAL Society— Public lecture to-
night at 8 o'clock in Odd Fellows' building
by Miss Jessie C. Brodie; subject, • "The Grow-
lmr Man.** ¦ .
BIEKTIXGS — Universal Brotherhood.
UNIVERSAL Brotherhood and Theosophlcal
Society. 310 O'Farrell St.— Meeting to-night.
Subject. "Reincarnation in Christianity."
Next Tuesday night. International Brother-
hood League meeting. Subject, "Wbat Hope
for the Future?" All invited.
MEETING*? SUNDAY. _'_^'~^
A 15o TEST seance that will elay skepticism on
the Tery threshold of the Investigation is what
BROCKWAY, the renowned psychic, will give
at his parkrs 3 nights this coming week, com-
mencing at 8:15. to-night, Tuesday night and
¦ Thnrsday night; every one that attends these
seances will receive a communication with full
names; if you are in doubt and trouble and
wish truthful spiritual advice, do not neglect
this opportunity: no matter what you are in-
terested in. if tt be business changes, law-
suits, divorces, lost or absent friends, finan-
cial, troubles — in a. word, all financial and
domestic troubles— can be set right and kept
right after one visit to this remarkable phy-
Chlc; private readings dally. Offlce and se-
ance rooms, 299 Hyde st., cor. Eddy.
AA— DR. J. DEPEW KBRGAN opens the fifth
Muroal course of free Sunday evening I lec-
turea to-night. Crystal Hall. Pythian Castle,
909 Market Bt. Subject. "Sunshine," fol-
lowed by rnarnlflcent art illustrations . ot
Norway and Sweden. Those attending lec-
ture may procure free tickets for X-ray ex-
hibition Tuesday evening at sanitarium.
Seats free; no collection. • Strangers welcome.
COME & see C. V. Miller's wonderf ul "seances ;
Sun., Tues.. Fri.. 8 p. m.. 50c; you can Bpeak
to spirit friends face to face, recognize them;
give names; received medals from many coun-
tries; taken last world/* record medal Paris
Fair. 10S4 Bush st.; teL 2275 Larkln Bt
TEST meeting. 909 Market, rear hall; lL free;
i to 8, 10c Mr. Swan, Mme. Maxwell. Stod-
dard, Jtotter. Wrenn. Lester: McKec, Inspir-
ational singer; Owln -will throw ' spirit " pic-
ture. !•'.; >
ANNIE RIX MILITZ will deliver a free lec-
ture this afternoon. S o'clock, at Golden Gate
Hall, .€25 Butter st. Subject, "Strikes," Theli
Cause and Cure." All are welcome.
KATIE HEUSSMANN'S circle Tuesday eve.,
,25c; Blttings dally. 136 W. Mission, nr. ISth.
Sittings Monday and circle Monday evening,
1771 Oosb Bt.. West Oakland. , ;¦•--.--¦ .
SOCIETY Progressive Spiritualists, Occidental
HalL Larkln and McAllister— Sunday, Sept. L
7:8) p. m. Speaker. Mrs. R. S. Llllle. Sub-
ject. "Seeking the Divine." , ' ?' vjvf.-.-i
, "HOW Shall the Email Capitalist Be Saved?"
Lecture by John A- Miller, M. D.. Academy
of Sciences Hall, 819 Market, at 8 p. m. Ad-
mission free. '.
VAN ATjKEN; free character * reading and
' palmistry lecture; free readings, 8 this eve.
4*3 Kills trt. ¦
Mme. Young's demonstration of spirit return
to-night. €05 McAllister; 10c; come, ekeptlcs,
I SPIRITUAL test meeting. 2 p. m.. Occidental
Hall. S06 Larkln. Mr. & Mrs. Perkins. Chicago.
MOUSTAFA, Egyptian materializing seance;
tinging; 50c; 8 p. m. 1610 Bush, nr. Franklin.
MRS. EBERHARDTS spiritual test meeting,
S250 22d, bet. Mission ar.d Valencia. 8 p. m. 10c.
W. G. KEEGAN* holds spiritual meeting ever;
night except Sat.; 16c. 148 Sixth at., 2d floor.
TEST circle to-night. -8 .o'clock. 10c; meetlnr!
dally. EOc MRS. HUBBARD. 109 Oak st.
MRS. STODDARD*S convincing tests to all;
.San.. Tues.; readings dally. 278 Ninth st.
EDWARD EARLE*S seance to-nlfjht; namei
in full and messages. ; 328 Ellis Bt.; 25c. '¦¦
MR9..U. A. BRYANT: correct facts; reading!
dally; by letter $2. . 110 Sixth at., room 8.
A— L F. T. Bible 8. 6. Church. 909 Market; 11
free; 2-8. 10c; Seely. Wilson, Niisaon.
MKETTXG XOTICES. "
DORIC Lodge No 218. F. and A: M.— - ' •
Special meeting BUNDAT, September^^A-
1. at 9:30 o'clock, for the purpose ofTjaf
conducting the funeral of our deceased f*r^
brother. HENRY COOKE ROBINSON. '. Mas
ter Masons and friends are invited to attend.
By order of- Senior Warden..
.. J. R. GOLDSMITH. Secretary.
UNITY Lodge No. 131. L O. O. F.— _ d ratMa.t>L
Initiation TUESDAY (Sept. 8) •§5»3!S5
EVENING, 16th and Valencia
ets. Vieitinff brethren cordially in- . /""V..
\1ted. J. H. HUDSON.' Noble Grand. .
GEO. H. STEWART. Recording Secretary.
MEETING. XOTICKg— Continued. .
FRIENDSHIP Lodge ! No. ; 179, .* A; O.'U.^^^
W. — You are hereby requested to as "£{Cv»5
semble at 1622 Sixteenth ave. south °n«Ss>jSj
SUNDAY. September 1. at 1:30 p. m., M»»
to attend .- the funeral of *. our late
brother, JAMES PAV AGE.* By order ;.
H. McCRACKEN, M. W.
F. J. McGUIRE, Recorder.
OFFICERS and members of the Aus- t-xl fe__
trlan Military and Benevolent Asso- SS5&K3
elation— You are hereby notified to S&!fsjj>
participate In parade for grand re- j?5«Si>
union and picnio to be held at Buena' . "**
. Vista . Park, . Sausallto.^ SUNDAY.- September
1.". Each and every member la requested to
. be present at the armory,. 507 Sutter st., at
,. 8 o'clock sharp. F.lne $1 for non-attendance.
B. M. BURIN, President.
JOHN M. RUSSELL. Recording Secretary.
' "P. S.— Military section requested to be In
full uniform. - =¦ M. SABADIN;
: Captain Commanding.
M. RAPULOVICH. First Sergeant.
WOODMEN of the World. rf - ¦ H
Golden Gate Camp No. -, "M.
04 — Members are hereby i*&?£k3C3i£T2iJ&
notified to attend the EJ^TOgEfflfla"^
funeral of our late neigh- V5§JF"bP" 1 *'^^^
bor. < CHARLES, A.
~HEINEMAN. from his late ' residence, 25
Belcher st., between Thirteenth and Four-
teenth, Fillmore and Steiner, MONDAY, Sep-
tember 2. at 2 o'clock p. m. By order :
THOS. J BARRY. Consul . Commander.
D. OLIVER JR., Clerk.
GRAND entertainment and dance, A-^y^i,
Clan Frazer No. 78. O. S. C. Scot- «JVi ibJij
tlsh Hall. 1C7 Lorkin St.. MONDAY "S&Xv*
EVENING, September 9. 1901. Ad-
dress. "The Scotchman," Hon. S. M. Short-
ridge. Admission 25c. •'. - .
, ' ALEX KING, Secretary pro tem.
HENRY GEORGE'S birthday— Memorial ad-
dress by HON. JAMES G. MAGUIRE. at
Metropolitan Hall. . T H I S ., (S U N D A Y)
EVENING, at 8 o'clock. All are cordially in-
j vited. Admission- free. No ' collection. . No
¦ seats reserved. . •
ADOPTION.
GIRL and boy baby for adoption. MRS. DR.
FUNKE. 1416 Eighth st. Alameda.
AGENTS WANTED, '
AGENTS— Splendid chance to make money. Our
new Pocket Atlas contains maps of every
State In the Union, every country in world.
Also 1900 census complete. Over 400 pages of
maps and descriptive matter. Sells at" sight.
Send 25c for sample and terms to agents.
RAND. McNALLY & CO.. Chicago. 111.
AGENT3 — Do you want something more profit-
able and easier to Bell than -books or insur-
ance? Ad. F. PERSON, r. 412. Parrott bldg.
¦ ' . ASPHAI/rPM ROOFING.
J. PELTIER, ' asphalt • roofing, sidewalks re-
paired; postal. 1186 Mission; tel. Folaom 1607.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free— Divorces * a specialty; .quick;
quiet; no charge without success; collections,
wills, deeds, etc. prepared ; charge low; estb.
16 years. Atty. G. W. HOWE, 850 Market st
ADVICE free;dlvorces private: bankruptcy col-
lections attachments; mortgages :bills of sale;
partnerships :deeds; wills drawn ;fees low;open
eve's. THURSTON. 10084 Mkt.. r. 4. op. Sth.
LEW B. DOUGLASS. 397 Parrott bldg.— Bank-
ruptcy. estates, general practice: mod, fees.
ADVICE free: no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. 927 Market st.. opp. Mason.
L. 6. CLARK. Emma Spreckel* bldg.. 927 Mar-
ket St.: consultation free: no fees In advance.
BOOICS — NEW AND OLD.
BOOKS of RedT^956.
HOLMES BOOK CO.. 704-706-708 Mission at.
BOARDING FOR "CHILDREN.
BOARD wanted in the country, within 60 miles
of city, for boy 13 years; within reasonable
distance of good public school; state terms
and particulars. Address box 45. Call offlce.
2 OR S children to board; good home & moth-
er's care: $10 up; sunny yard. 1607 California.
DUREAU TRUNKS.
ASK to see Lundbeck's improved drawer
trunk; at all dealers or factory, £26 Howard.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
A— CIGAR stand; best location Market et. ;
elegant fixtures: low rent; high class trade;
monthly net profits from. $200 to $400: com-
pelled to leave city; will sell for J2250. See
HEDGES BROS.. 410 Parrott bldg.
A— $475 "WILL buy my cigar stand, near Or-
pheum Theater; eales' average $18 dally; rent
$25; ¦ am going back East; see my agents,
HEDGES BROS., 410 Parrott building.
$:0C0— CANDY 'factory: ! store and stock of a
well-established business invoicing at over
• $2800; located in business center of town;
sickness in family reason for Belling.
GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO..
1008 Broadway, Oakland.
NEWTON & HARTER. 739 Market et.: bakery
and delicacy store. $325; 2 houses and lot;
snap;. central; Oakland: $2500. Almond orch-
ard, 28 acres, cheap; Llvermore: cash, exchge.
FINE paying delicacy store , and restaurant;
$400. NEWTON & HARTER. 759 Market st.
$350^ — CIGAR stand. Etock and fixtures; down-
town; anap. RESTLOFF, 906 Market St.. r. 12.
$350— CIGAR stand, stock- and fixtures; down-
town; snap. RETSLOFF. 906 Market St.. r.12.
$350— PARTNERSHIP established business;
good opportunity for steady man. CAL.
BUSINESS ASSN.. 865^ Market Bt
$250— PARTNER wanted; great chance In a
paying- office. McBRIDE & CO., 1016- Market.
$300— RESTAURANT on 4th St.; rent. $27 CO; 4<
chairs. MCLAUGHLIN & CO.. 777% Market.
AN income of. $1000 per year can be secured by
any one who will take the trouble to Inves-
tigate our plans.; no gold mine, oil well ot
gambling: scheme; simple, straightforward
business proposition. The Junlapa Co., 615-
621 FAtllerton bldg.. St. Louis." Mo.
RARE chance— $2000 will buy an interest in a
new patented smelter which will smelt any
kind of base ores much cheaper than any
other smelter. Box 29. Call offlce. "
HOTEL partner wanted in a good country
hotel;, owner has 2 hotels; also one hotel for
•ale; .reasonable price. Hotel men address
Hotel, box 57, Call offlce. . ,
IF you want" to Invest In any good, safe reliable
| business that strike doesn't affect that pays
$100 to $200 a month call Business Board of
Trade, 326 Pine St.
J176— FOR SALE— Home bakery and notion
stock: splendid location: disposing of on ac-
count of ill-health. 534 Valencia St.
FOR SALE— Fruit, cider, soda water store;
best- location: rent cheap; must sell; no
e rents. Box 43, Call office." . •
$3!H> — PHOTO rallery In country town; popula-
tion 2000; . no opposition: doing first-class
business. Box ll. Call offlce. V;
WANTED— Partner in pension, patent and U.
8. claim business; no money required. Boi
104. Call office. ¦ .
MEANS wanted to find rich, free-milling quarti
ledge. Address Call agency, San Jose, Cal.
FIRST-CLASS millinery atore; splendid trad*
' guaranteed; owner elck. 350 Hayes st. •
FOR tale — Good business; departure cause oi
eale. Inquire at 1302 Devlsadero st.
FOR SALE— A small steam laundry. Apph
2127 Mission st. ¦
HAVING to go to Europe. I will sell ms
ranch of 160 acres; rich farm land; well Im-
proved; all fenced; plenty of good water; (
miles from Livermore and 1H miles from e
.good country school: at a bargain for cash.
Address RASMUS BJORN, Ltvermore. Ala-
meda County. Cal.
A RESTAURANT In thriving Point Richmond;
doing good business; excellent reasons fot
Befting. .Address Dad's, chop, house, East
Yard.- Cal. ' .. ,
GOOD saloon at a bargain. Apply at EIEBB,
PLAGEMANN & CO.'S. ......
1100 CASH will buy cigar stand; southeast cor
ner Polk and Pacific eta; transfer point.
TO LET — New, well-fitted cigar store; eornei
Twenty-second and Mission sts.; transfer cor
WANTED— An honest and sober partner with
$3000 in an optical business; must either be
. an optician or be able to attend to corre-
sponding, etc. ; cash ' receipts about $1500 tc
IMOO per month. Address GEORGE MAT-
KRLE, German Expert Optician, 1071H Mar-
. ket . St.. Ban Francisco, v
FOR sale— At Invoice ' price, ' the - merchandise
etore of CNOPIUS &.CO., Santa Rosa, with
Its two branches. I one at Sebastopol and one
et Healdsburg, as a whole . or each store sep-
arate: disagreement among partners the cause
of Belling. For particulars address CNOPIUS
A CO.. Santa. Rosa. ... -; .
BRANCH bakery for eale cheap. . Apply to 154'
Mission St.. city. .' -• - ¦ , .
LODGIXG-HOUSES : FOR . SALE. ,
A— CAMERON & CO.. * -
850 Market st. and 8 Stockton st.,
-*•,-- Rooms 21, 22 and 23. Phone Bush 323.
¦ If you have hotel, rooming-house or buslnesi
to eell list with us. We have cash customer!
for all sizes and prices. • See-llst of bargains
100 r. ; rent $175; cor.; best-paying in clty.$7OO(
£5 r. ; rent $200; Al loc: erood house.".-.'.'.... 3B0<
W r.; rent $300; cor.; elegant hotel........ 700(
48 r. ; rent $110; cor.; Oakland....:...'....'.. 25W
26 r.; rent $90; cor.; fine fur. and loc..;... 2001
¦ Money loaned on deferred payments, 1% p. c.
• *14 r. : rent $35; good trans, and loc... KM
~'1<) r.; rent $28; fine fun; piano...."::.../;. ; 65<
.. Over 500 houses listed. . Call before buying.'.
FURNITURE of a fi-room house for sale; suit-
able for roomers. • 214 Minna Bt.; no dealers.
¦»¦¦- .¦....--¦_. " ¦ • .-..--¦•'
LODGING HOUSES FOR SALE— Conj
9 ROOMS ' on Post ' st. : worth $1000 ; price . ': $450
16 rooms; sunny corner; clears $lOO........ 1000
100 rooms; clears $350; payments to suit.. 1 6000
60 rooms; $1200 cash ...;.........;...... 3200
40 rooms; clears $200; only $600 cash...... 1500
j 16 rooms; transient; only - $400 cash '.. 750
6-room flat; fine corner.:...... 300
36 rooms; on Market st. 1900
10 rooms; north of Market st.. ...:...;...... 450
42 rooms; clears every month $300.......... 1600
8 rooms; flat near City Hall 425
15 rooms; fine corner; clears $80 600
9 rooms; good piano; must sell.... '525
16 rooma; offices; clears $80. :....;..... 1400
: 14 rooms; $100 cash, ¦ balance payments... . 400
4S rooms; hotel and bar. ............ ...."1600
18 rooms; on Sixth Et.; clears $S0.. ....... 900
24 rooms; on Market; clears $150... 1000
18 rooms; corner; -Just .like home.......... 1500
.10 rooms; on Mason st.; new.. .............. > 750
¦ 52 rooms; offices; clears $250... 3500
: 21. rooms: S600 cash, balance payments...'. 1250
• - I sell and- exchange all kinds of property.
GIVE ME A CALL. I CAN SUIT YOU IN
LOCATION, PRICE AND r. PAYMENTS.
FRENCH AND GERMAN SPOKEN. -
H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market; tel. Mint 796.;
ATTENTION, BUYERS! : ' [ rr ~^"
. YOU MAY BUY ANY ROOMING-HOUSE \
K ON OUR LIST
And pay for.it In monthly payments from the
profits of the house.
MONEY LOANED AT LOWEST. RATES.
10 rooms; rent $20; on Sixth .....' $175
20 rooms; modern; cost $3500. ...'.:.. ....... 2600
6 rooms; on Van Ness; modern .....400'
40 rooms; on Third .: .... .1800
21 rooms; $500 cash, balance payments...., 1250
60 rooms; rent $100; clears $250 1500
100 rooms; grand corner; clears $400...... 6000
7 rooms; on Geary .'.. 200
' 17 rooms; on Market; central....... '..1050
8 rooms; on Ellis;' clears $35.. >».... .650
26 rooms: on Mission 20t»
90-room hotel and bar 1600
45 rooms: rent $123....... ,2350
A. H. RETSLOFF. 906 Market, cor. Ellis, r. 12.
FISHER & CO., 933 Market: phone Folsom 1592
, —10-rocm house, handsomely furnished In oak
V and cherry; all new and elegant carpets; fine
bed linen; lleht and sunny; clearing $45 over
expenses; sell regardless of price; .worth $900.
FISHER & CO., 535 Market: phone Folsom 1592.
75 R $10,000 37 R $5500 24 R $18C0
.60 R 3.CC0 37 R...... 1SC0 19 B 1400
SO R...... 1,000 16 R 550 12 R 430
10 R 300 9 R 300 6 R 300
$1100—15 ROOMS; Ellis; close in. ¦
85000— 37 rooms; Ellis; clears $200 over all. .
$650—14 rooms; O'Farrell; rent $45; , bargain.
$500— 6-room flat: grand furniture; rent $25.
$1100—17 rooms; money-maker; rent $55. -. \
$650—8 rooms; now being furnished.
$2500—70 rooms; Ellis; rare opportunity.
We loan money on any proposition. DONALD
INVESTMENT CO.. 850 Market St.' •
BOSTON Business Agency, 1016 Market St., opp.
Fifth— Must be sold, at a great bargain, lodg-
ing-house, fine paying, price $800. half cash,
balance to suit buyer, house 22 rooms, rent
$25, guaranteed profit $100 per month; house
on Eddy St., 10 rooms, money-maker, great
bargain. McBRIDE & CO., 1016 Market Bt..
opp. Fifth. ¦;
WINSTON & WOLF, "'
1026 Market st. Telephone Jessie 2211.
' 22 rooms; best location south of Market.. $1000
20 rooms; beautifully furnished; only..:. 1500
30 rooms; best street In city; rent $45.... 1200
29 rooms; snap: rent only $45 .' 1400
CO rooms; rent $93: sunny corner. ...... I'.... 2000
600 other houses. Many bargains to select from.
HOUSES HOUSES ......HOUSES
........I IF YOU WANT J
TO BUY ANY ROOMING-HOUSE
IN ANY PART OF THE CITY...
• COME AND SEE ME ABOUTIT
...I EITHER HAVE OR CAN SECURE...
TOUR IDEAL.-.
?16 Market st. M. K. B.WALLACE, room 73
MARION GRIFFIN, 719 Market, rms. 1 and 2.
Near the Call building. Tel. Black 1803. ¦
Call at my offlce for big free list. ~ #*
• I will give you a square deal and "good title.
List your house with me— no charge.
Money to loan, payable monthly or yearly.
All kinds of businesses for -sale. ", '
THE largest and . best list of lodging-houses
. and hotels can be found at offlce of ¦
G. W. SCHWEINHARD, phone Mint 1911,
I No. 917 Market st. (near. Fifth st.)
24-ROOM house; rent $115; .well furnished; house
earning: must be Fold; sacrifice at $1900. Ad-
dress A. L.. box 58, Call offlce. ...
1 CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. IS pases, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for $1.
postage paid. . _'
SPIRITUALISM.
FREE — Ladles who want to know whether they
possess medtumlstlc talents; if they, develop
with me and cannot get full names in . 90
days, no charges; 2 trial private lessons free;
afternoons. . FRANKLIN, 724 Post st. -
A — Mrs. Dr. Farnham, spiritual medium and
life reader; mining a specialty; clr. Sun:, Wed.
and Fri. evenings. 1035 Market st. (no sign).
CHAS. BROCKWAY. 25c seance Sun., Tues.
and Thurs., 8 p. m. ; every one gets a test;
prlva"te readings dally. 299 Hyde, cor. Eddy.
; MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance, bus, medium;
life reader; medical, clairvoyant; sittings, $1;
letter. $2. 1164 O'Farrell st.; Ellis car.
¦ BROESKE'S -wonderful test circle every Sun-
day. Wednesday and Friday, 8 p. m. 205 Turk.
\ MRS. LESTER, spiritual test meeting, 8 p. m.,
10c; readings dally. 148 Sixth st., room 12.
i MRS. WINCHESTER, 1610 Clay— Circles to-
' night and "Wednesday, 8; Tuesday, 2 p. m.
; FRIENDSHIP Hall. 335 McAllister— Mrs. C. J.
Meyer; sittings daily; test to all to-night, 10c.
CLAIRVOYANTS. .
¦ A— ISMAR THE~GTPSY.
, Ismar, the Egyptian Gypsy, draws aside the
uncertain years ahead; happiness and success
• go hand In hand, yet hundreds fall where suc-
; cess Is possible, were It not for the lack of fore-
sight Into the future: If you are In trouble of
: any kind, discontented, unhappy or not satisfied
' In life, consult Ismar, for she is a -prophetess
; of world- wide fame, and her name has become
', a proverb in thousands of homes made happy by
. her aid and advice; Ismar can be consulted
. dally from 10 a. m. to 5 p. m., Sundays by ap-
[ polntment only, at her office, 114S Market St.,
. opp. Sixth.
SPECIAL— Owing to large number of inquiries
. from country patrons Ismar wishes to announce
i that her readings by mall are equally as satls-
' factory as In person; readings by mall $2; send
' lock of hair, date and year of birth.
- MME. M. BERNARD, ~. ~
THE FAMOUS
' Clairvoyant and business medium, permanently
i located at 17 Third St., next Examiner bldg. She
reads your life correctly, gives an accurate de-
• scrlption of the past, reveals the present hap-
1 penlngs and portrays events to occur In the fu-
\ ture. If you are In trouble, discontented, un-
• happy or not satisfied In life, or have domes-
tic, love or business troubles, consult this great
' medium and you will be told how to overcome
I them.. Valuable advice In all affairs of life;
25c up; perfect satisfaction guaranteed.
; MRS. DR. F. CLARK, the well-known trance
' medium, is permanently located at 1206 Mar-
ket et.. corner Golden Gate ave., rooms 25 and
26: take elevator. I Perfect satlnf action guar-
anteed by mall; send stamp for pamphlet
i with special terms. Dally and Sunday.
. MME. ARNDT, the great clairvoyant, tells past,
future; never falls; has the greatest Egyptian
c * : secret; shows pltcure future husband or wife;
fee 25c and up; patlsf action to everybody; open
• ¦ Sundays; hours 10-to 8 p.' m. 21EV4 Sixth. at.
A-LINCON, CLAIRVOYANT, .- ~ •
\ ¦ HIGH PSYCHIST.
! The most wonderful clairvoyant. on the coast;
he succeeds when others fall; permanently lo-
f cated at 125 Turk st.; readings by mall.
MME. MONTAGUE. ! ~^
' Truthful predictions in all affairs of life; gives
names, factB, figures; gives luck; honest pre-
dictions In love Bltalrs; reunites separated,
r not one failure; letters answered. 118 Turk.
r MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant- & card
: reader, born with double veil— second sight ;
diagnoses disease with life reading; ladles BOc;
1 gents $1; palm, and clalr. sit. $150. 126 Turk.-
ISMAR. ' the Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant and
' palmist, permanently located 1148 Market op
• 6th; private readings daily, 30 a. m. to 5 p. m.
t MME. LAROSE. best clalrvovant, card reader;
German spoken :25c up. 777^4Market st.,room 18.
. MME. WALTERS, great card reader; ladles 25c
• gents 50c. .951 Mission, nr. :6th; open Sundays.
• Mrs.Mallory, clairvoyant card reader: when oth-
ers fall consult me; 1. 25c, g. 50c. 917 Howard.
r CLAIRVOYANT card ; reader from" Louisiana •
• only 10c; from 1 to 8 p. m. 262 Minna, : nr. =4th.
1 CARD reading 25c: hours from 1 to 8 p. m. 833
J Howard st..-nr. Fourth.
> FREE test readings; Ipdles morning: open 10 to
• 6; closed Sundays.. FRANKLIN. .724 Post st.
MRS.MELVILL. well-known clairvoyant/water
• reader, 11 6th;German spoken ;te!.Howard 1846.
i MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant, card reader: ladles
s 25c. gents. 50c; readings dally.^ 132 Sixth st.
j A. L. CARLSON, medium and astrologlst 148
j Sixth st.. room 23. . . . r •.
. MME. HANSEN— Card reader and "palmist •
j ¦ past. ¦ present, future. 108 Sixth ¦ st. , ' 2d ' floor.
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, reader jpalmlstry-
- ¦ truth or no pay; 25c. 1149 Mission, over store.'
„ M. WILLE. crystal seer,; clairvoyant, medium-
-sittings. 9 a.'m. to 8 p. m.; 50c. : 326A Ellis st.
¦ KNOW, your fate. MME.- RICHARDS • astrol-
ogical palmist, reader. human; destiny: never
5 ! , falls; 25c and COc;, by. mall, Oc. 1203 Mission.
. MME; SCHAFFER. clairvoyant;' card reader;
0 3 sittings dally. 44SV£ Jessie et..";bet;5th and 6th;
3 MME RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
> " • advice; names given ; 23c up. ¦ ; 6 Fourth st. "
3 ; A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call. ;
J "'¦ ..1R natres. In irrarPT for mailing.' M. per year.
' , . collection:, offices/. -;¦
. GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency— NiTchargTun^
I .less successful. Room 310, 927 Market st.
;•"-' • ¦¦"-• ¦» Yr^-
CARPET BEATING AND CLEANING.
WHEN you ¦ become disgusted with poor , work
send to SPAULDING'S. pioneer Carpet-beat-
lng Works, 353-357 . Tehama St.; tel South 40:
BEATING. : 3c; laying,' 3c; renovating. 5c -up;
work guaranteed. T..R. Co.: phone Scott 1310.
CARPETS beaten or laid. 3c per yard/ CHAS..
PARRY, 1511& Market at. ; phone Mint 109a.
ADVANCE Carpet-cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Main 394.- GEO. WALCOM & CO.. Prop.
RUDOLPH & CO.. carpet-beating works; prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison; tel.. Mission 263.
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-beating Wo rks -
,333 .Golden Gate ave. : telephone East 126. .
CITY Steam Carpet-beating Works. G. H.
STEVENS. Mgr. , 38-40 8th St.; tel. South 250.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet-beating and Reno-.
vating Co.. 240 Fourteenth St.: tel. MlsslonJ?^
' CHIROPODISTS.
BUNIONS, corns, Ingrown nails, warts; -palil-
less cure; guaranteed. Dr. Duncan. 415 Butter..
PROF.Strassburger fromN.Y., specialist on feet.
diploma T.P.S.S.N.Y.; Chronicle big., rm. 76.
COTTAGES TO ; LETV^V^,^
C^TT^A^ETTroornsTTarge basement and yard.'
, 713% Grove St., bet. Buchanan and Webster.
COTTAGE of 4 rooms. . 132 Rose ave.. bet.
Gough and Octavla. -lhi- blocks from Market.
; DENTISTS. [ ' '¦ / r- J -
A^R^"^~^~HIGGINSr~92r^Market street.
Emma Spreckels building. Reasonable P/ices
for painless dentistry; pure gold filling $1 50:
artificial teeth, on plate, look natural and
guaranteed. $5 up; a good metal plate $15;
gold and porcelain crowns $5 to $10; teeth
without plate; painless extraction.:
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. 809 Mar-
ket st.. cor 4th, rm. 7, Flood bldg., you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty;, gold crowns,
$3 50 up; plates,: extractions free, $4 50 up; of-
fice hours, 9 a. m. to 10 p. m.: Sundays, 9 to 2
p. m. J. W. THATCHER. M. P.. Manager.
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, bridges
. Wd fillings; extractions ¦ or fillings by my
i Wonderful secret, painless method : < 20 years
. experience; no students; advice free: prices
cheapest and guaranteed; lady attendants.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, 20 O'Farrell st.
A— NEW unbreakable plate, the Rose
warranted for 20 years; crowns. $3 50; fillings.
COc; plates. %; full set; all work painless and
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth.
DR. A. : C. KELLOGG— Experienced .dentist:
specialties, ' crown and bridge work and the
/ preservation of natural teeth. 110 Pnelan bldg.
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny. cor. Bush—
. Full set of teeth, $4; crowng. $3; fillings, 25c.
SET of teeth without plate. DR. H. G.
YOUNG. 1841 Polk st.
AT Ideal Dental Co.. 6 Eddy st.— Work done
- on weekly installments; lowest rates.
DR. R. L.WALSH. 815% Geary.nr.Larkln— Pain-
less extraction 50c; plates $5 up;phonePolkll35.
DR. H. G. TRUMAN, dentist, third floor. Ex-
¦ amlner building; formerly In Murphy bldg.
VAN VROOM— "Painless": evenlnjrs. and Sun-
days. 1001 Market st.. corner Sixth.-
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address in the
TTnltd States or rannda on» yenr for SI.
DERMATOLOGISTS.
S^JRER?WJOUS~halr and moles permanently
removed by electrolysis: factel massage with
hydro-vacu. MISS MILLMAN. 930 Bush St..
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School—
Class rates; patterns cut. 1019 Market St. 1
ACCORDEON pleating; country orders prompt
attention. 121 Post, over O'Connor & Moffatt.
EDUCATIONAL.
night' school
A practical and Industrial education for men;
Y. M. C. A. building: more courses of study
than any other night school in the city for a
remarkably low tuition: send or apply for the
prospectus at the building, corner of Mason
Rnd Ellis sts.: opening night. Tuesday, Sep-
" tember 10; registration beginning September
It- denartments— Art, business, civil service,
elementary, engineering, high school, lan-
guages. H. J. McCOY, general secretary; A.
A. MACURDA. educational director. .
AYRES' Leading Business College, 723 Market—
$8 per month; $50 life scholarship guarantees a
complete business education; shorthand, typ-
ing, bookkeeping, arithmetic, penmanship,
spelling. Sapnish, etc.; experienced teachers;
new typewriters; positions secured: cat. free.
GALLAGHER-MARSH College. Parrott bldg.—
Shorthand, typing and bookkeeping; Robert
F. Gallagher, expert court reporter, teacher of
shorthand: reportortal phrasing taught; prac-
tlcal- bookkeeping, full course, $50; catalogue.
A— THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
* BChool for the university, - law and medical
colleges: references, President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building.
A NEW class In character reading, palmistry
and diagnosing opens Sept. 2. Chlrological
College, 451 Parrott big.. A. V. SEGNO. Prcs.
ACTING, elocution, specialties, Hallett School,
associated with theatrical - agency securing
positions. - Alcazar building.- 120 O'Farrell st.
MERRILL-MILLER College— Shorthand, typ-
ing, practical bookkeeping. Rooma 40-45, Par-
rott -bldg.; Individual instruction; catalogue.
ENGINEERING— Civil, elec.,mlnlng,mech, sur-
vey, assay, cyanide; day, eve. ; est. 1864. Van
der Nalllen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
COMPETENT teacher desires pupils, adults or
children, I in primary, grammar and high
school studies; references. Box 69, Call.:
BOOKKEEPING, figures; the one man who per-
. fects betclnners, college graduates & bookkeep-
. ers Is TARR, the expert, 220 Parrott bldg.
A FULL course of Ellis bookkeeping and the
Gregg shorthand costs only $60. San Fran-
clsco Business College. 1236 Market st. «*
VAUDEVILLE School of Acting— Pupils pre-
pared.for the stage. 125 Mason st.
BANJO, piano and mandolin thoroughly
taught; lessons, BOc. Flat 2, 120 McAllister.
ACTING — Send to Grand Opera-house for cir-
cular of Grand Opera-house School of Acting.
Chicago Business College, 1435 Market, nr. 10th.
Pitman shorthand, typing, bookkeep., $6 mo.
MARY P. WESTHAUS, piano, mandolin, guitar
" leEsons, EOc: piano for practice. 39 Fifth St.
PROF. L. MERKI, experienced teacher: violin,
.mandolin, iniitar;. Juvenile class, 1008 Mission.
ILLUSTRATION— PARTINGTON'S DA"% and
ILLUSTRATION— night clays. 424 Pine st.
IIEALD'S Business College. 24 Post St.. S. F.;
founded 1SG3; new 80-page catalogue free..
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing:,
etc.; flay or eve.; $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages. ' sent , to any address in the
United ' States .or Canada one year ' for $1.
postage paid.
EMPLOYMENT^ OFFICES.
JAPANESE and Chinese help of all kinds:
cooks, waiters and house servants. GEO.
AOKI & CO.. 421 Post at.; tel. Bush 135.
SAM KEE & CO., employment office— Best help;
. estbd.- 1S50. 621> / i California St.; tel. Red 401.
CHINESE Employment Of flee— All kinds beet
help furnished. 439 Bush st. ; tel. James 1601.
JAPANESE Intelligence Offlce— Furnish most
reliable help. 524 Bush st.; tel. Bush 516.
ORPHEUM Employment Offlce— Japanese. Chl-
neae help. 426 Powell.nr.Sutter: tel. Black 6072.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
¦' flee; nil klndB help. 315 Stockton: Main MSS.. .
EMPLOYMENT 'WASTED FEMALE.
A FIRST-CLASS j German cook desires situa-
tion; best city references; city, or country.
MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st. •
A FIRST-CLASS parlor maid and waitress de-
sires situation: best of references ;•; city oi
country. MISS CULLEN, 1 325 Sutter at.
A FIRST-CLASS Infant nurse desires situa-
tion; best city ref. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter.
A FIRST-CLASS laundress -desires • situation;
best city- references; city or country. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter st. ¦¦'¦':'¦'¦:
A FIRST-CLASS dressmaker desires work In
families or would tafce work home. MRS. C.
2509 Mission,: rear. -
RELIABLE woman wants work by the day.
; Address M. . S.. 123A Eighth Bt. ..-.-.
AMERICAN lady would like position as lady'e
'¦ maid .cr companion: is musical and willing
to be generally useful.* • Box 63. Call offlce.
REFINED girl, attending High School/ desires
•any kind of employment; good reader, copy-
ist: will care for Invalid child. Box 4850, Call.
RESPECTABLE middle-aged widow desires po-
- ¦ sltion, . small ; family, . ' to assist housework;
-wages not so much an. object as good home.
Box 47,. Call office.; '•.."¦¦¦-•¦ '-¦. ¦-'- •/
GERMAN 'woman wishes situation as. working
• housekeeper or to work for men ; city or coun-
try. Address ; box 32. Call offlce. ; - --.'
SITUATION .wanted ' In Jewish ~ or American
' family as cook or general housework; city oi
.' country; wages; $30. Box 27, Callofflce: •: '
-FIRST-CLASS ' talloress t-*-. and "^ ladles'.- dress-
maker: only $1 75 a- day; city or country.
; JASPER,, box 17, 'Call offlce.,.-. - ¦ . ' .
RELIABLE middle-aged Eastern lady wishes a
•.i situation as housekeeper. Address F. T., ,21C
•Turk.st. v V- •.-'.."''.' - -,¦'¦';
DRESSMAKER of high ability and experience,
i fitting and . trimming perfection ; ; rowns reno-
vated; latest styles; $1 50 per day in families.
¦Box G5._ Call office. _ '_ _
EMPLO YJIEST WASTED— FEM ALE.
GOOD 'dressmaker desires a few more.engage-
•".'•ments, $1 50 per day. :; Address box 2S, Call.
I WOULD like position, as managing house-
keeper; refined; unincumbered. Box 65, Call.
REFINED lady, ]\ with ability, honesty, ex-
¦• perlenee, wishes employment as cashier. Box
66. Call offlce.
AN experienced law stenographer (Remington
¦ operator) would like a position in a law or
mercantile house; worked on Mrs. Craven vs.
Fair case; references. Box 64, Call offlce. .
RELIABLE "woman wants place to work by
the day; good cook and laundress; car fare.
-Call for 2 days, - 338 Turk st. . ¦' - ¦
YOUNG woman wishes a situation to do cham-
*berwork or work in kitchen; sleep at home.
Call or '¦ address E. M., 344* Third st. . .
WOMAN with references desires . to be em-
ployed half-days at washing or housework;
terms 60c. Address A., Call branch offlce, 106
Eleventh st. . '. ..;.•¦-...
WANTED — By a competent Protestant woman,
- a position as housekeeper in hotel, first-class
lodging-house or private home; will assist
with sewing or take charge of doctor's of-
fica or gentlemen's club. Box 4874, Call.
MIDDLE-AGED German girl wishes position;
Is good cook: references.- Ramona House.
Thirteenth and Harrison sts., Oakland, rm. 40.
SITUATION .wanted by young lady to do cham-
berwork- or. mind baby. - Call or address 441
Thirteenth st. ,- .. •_:-
GOOD reliable • woman wishes a situation in
nice family for cooking and housework; plain
¦ washing; state wages. Address E. R., Call
Branch, 300 Hayes st." .
AN intelligent colored woman would. like posi-
tion as housekeeper in first-class . rooming
house or will take .. care of doctor's offlce;
short hcurs. Call or address 1202 Powell st.
YOUNG girl wishes position In small family
or hotel; second work. Call or address 625
y Minna st. . -
•YOUNG couple v wish positions; man first-class
about place; wife as plain cook or first-class
waitress.. Address B. S., 537 Ellis st.
A YOUNG German woman wishes a situation
to do general housework in private family.
Box- 22, Call offlce.
WANTED— By Canadian Scotch woman, as
working housekeeper or first-class cook In
private family. Call 1231 Market st.
A YOUNG German woman wishes work by the
day. 140 Minna st. l
WANTED— Situation by Swedish girl as cook
or at general ' housework. Address 883 Mil-
ton st.,. Oakland. - : •
A YOUNG lady wishes a place as housekeeper.
Call, at 827A Howard St., room 15. . •
WANTED- Position as Invalid's i nurse or
housekeeper. Address box 2303, Call.- Oakland.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket— 200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 per night; $1 50 to
|6 week: convenient and respectable; free 'bus
and baggage to and from ferry. y
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
cubscrlptlons has been established at 1096
Valencia st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Calliaranch offlce, 2200 Fillmore st.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
• Call. 16 pages, sent to any . address in the
United States or Canada one year, for $1.
postage paid. ¦ - . - -
EMPLOYMENT WANTED— MALE.
FIRST-CLASS coachman, single, for private
family; neat appearance; sober; use no to-
bacco; willing and obliging; good horseman
and driver; fine all around man; many years
with same employer; undeniable references;
• wages $43 and found. Address this week,
M? M.. 221 Sixth St.. city. -- .
HANDY man wants work; understands the
' care of horse, I cow, garden and chickens ;
handy -with- -tools; references. , Address
Handy, box 61. -¦ Call offlce. . ¦
YOUNG man, 28, desires position as salesman
or stock clerk with reliable wholesale cloth-
ing house; 10 years' experience: steady, in-
dustrious and thoroughly reliable; good ac-
tlve worker references. Box 4854. Call office.
YOUNG man, -well educated In German and
English, trained medical and surgical house,
understands the drug business,, best. of refer-
' ences and recommendations, desires position.
Box 46. Call office. ___^__
MIDDLE-AGED man, an Adventlst, capable
and trusty, desires ahome with aged people,
Adventlsts preferred. J. ,C. H., 641 Commer-
'clal st. '. %\" -X
YOUNG man and wife, no children: man good
with horses and tools, -wife good cook and
housekeeper; best references; will go to
8uburb3 or country. Box 23, Call offlce.
MAN and wife want cooking or any work in
hotel or boarding house: country .preferred;
¦would take cooking: and ¦ chorlns on ranch.
Room A. 962 Mission Bt.
GENTLEMAN -.'Wishes • a position as nurse to
take care of man day or night; city refer-
ences/ Address 359 Grove st.
Al MARRIED man wants charge orchard,
' stock or private place; first-class references.
Box 6, San Mateo, " ' • ¦
A POSITION wanted by experienced gardener:
can take care of horse, cow and buggy;, best
of references. Address Gardener, box 4851,
Call. .__
PRUNER. wants . work; experienced reliable
workman for deciduous fruit trees and grape
vines; capable to work alone; no short Job.
Box 26. Call offlce.
SITUATION wanted by competent wine maker
and cellarman; references given. Box 19, Call.
SITUATION wanted as- wlnemaker or cellar
boss; 20 years' experience .in sweet and dry
¦wine cellars; furnish ample evidence regards
¦ ability, character and sobriety. Box 11. Call.
A POSITION wanted by a strong, able-bodied
man; can furnish references from Jast place.
"Address box 4837, Call offlce.
JAPANESE boy, gentle and honest, wishes po-
sition as help; cooking- and housework. Ad-
dress box. 4S39, Call. . . . . ,
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce, 2200 Flllmore sr.
' A BRANCH office focCall advertisements and
j subscriptions has been established at 1096
. Valencia Bt. .7
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. 31 per year.
• v EXCHANGE. -¦'
FOR exchange— A beautiful home in San Jose
for income San Francisco property; place con-
tains about 3 acres full-bearing orchard, all
varieties fruit: an elegant 8-room house with
large basement; fine well, windmill and tank;
.flowers and lawn; modern Improvements;
.'worthy Investigation; good Income property.
Address box 4999. Call offlce. . . .
. FEATHERS RENOVATED.
FEATHER pillows & mattresses steamed, reno-
vatefl. E.J.O'Rourke.1393 Valencia ;tel.Capp 26S2.
FINANCIAL.
have 42 offices in operation; new method of
placing stocks and bonds; companies Incor-
porated; stocks and bonds underwritten. Call
or address main offlce. 507-8-9 Parrott bldg.i
FLATS TO LET;
HOUSES,",
954 Eddy; u. t., »r..$65 417 Jones; 1. f. 6 r...U7
1164 Ellis: m. t; 8 r. 50 2302 Webster; c. 5 r.. W
. 2414 Van Ness; m.f.Sr 45 1211U Turk; u. f. 4 r. 11
1192 Ellis; u.-f. 8 r.. 45 3672A 16th; 1. f .- 2 r.. 7
• . A. M. SPECK & CO., 667 Market st.
A FLAT of 6 sunny rooms and bath just com-
, pleted; 19 Stanley place. Inquire at 17 Stan-
i ley place from 10 a. m. to 3 p. m., Sundays
•¦Included; off Harrison, between First and
' Second.y '--' . . ¦ ' -¦ . ¦
FOR Rent— A handsome newly furnished flat
\ t or a term. of one year, -or owner -will, sell
' furniture on account of leaving State. Ad-
dress KB., P. O. box 26S5, San Francisco.
" ELEGANT modern ; sunny flat on boulevard,
603 Baker st.', NW. cor. FultonJ 7 rooms and
1 bath; almost new; Inlaid floors; .beautifully
decorated ; . fine view.
; LOWER^ sunny, 7 rooms; modern and up- to-'
; .date;. marine view;, see it; 1 to 5. Van' Ness
1 ¦ ave. . and . Union Bt. ;. > •
¦ ANEW, very desirable flat to let; never been
1 occupied; modern, sun and. bay-window in
. every room; looking out on the park. 411'Cole
, St., corner. Oak; call ; bet.- 10-4 o'clock.
COLE, 769-771. bet. Beulah and Frederick elf.—
Fine, rew sunny flats, 7 rooms and bath;
, rent . reasonable. - - - -y ¦ •
\ EDDY, 954, north . side,' between Franklin I and
. ' Gough— Elegantly decorated flat, 9 rooms; all
i modern improvements. • . '
GOLDEN GATE ave., 975, -opposite Jefferson
; .square — New., upper sunny -, modern • flat; 5
. rooms and bath. - . ...... .
'¦ O'FARRELL, 19S3— Modern flat, 6 rooms, bath,
' basement, ¦ yard ;" reasonable to good tenant.
I TO Let — 4 sunny ! unfurnished i rooms and ' bath :
; rent $16. 602 Franklin . st. ,.-¦'.'.--.- ,
, S-ROOM .; flat, corner of McAllister • and - Polk
, sts. Inquire, at butcher shop/r.
8 LARGE, room flat: attic, cellar; all modern
.'• Improvements. NW. cor. Page and Shrader.
'. ALPINE,' 175 — New. flat - of ¦ 8 ' rooms with " all
modern, improvements; -rent $25. .. Key at ' 171.
¦ NATOMA. 714— Flat \ of • 4 rooms; sunny; largo
1 . yard and cellar; rent $10;. no children, r
TO , let— A- flat of S. rooms r and : bath • at • 1937
• • Mason Bt.,- : : • -;,•-¦ .;--v '¦ ./
CHEAPEST and, best in America— The .Weekly
Call,.- 16 pages. Bent: to. any:address tn> the
' United States or Canada one year for. $1. '
FLATS TO LET--FUnNISHED ;L^
PACIFIC ave.. 2330— Completely furnished upper
flat. 8 rooms and bath; piano; marine view.
- Call between 9 and 1 o'clock. .
WELL furnished flat of 7 rooms to careful cou-
ple without children. 1249 California st.
. FLATS WASTED.
A SUNNY furnished upper flat -of five or six
rooms: adults. Box 34. Call offlce.
FRAMES AND PICTURES.
CLYDE L. KELLER. 128-130 Hayes. nr.V. Ness—
Stylish effects;. High-grade work; Lowest prices.
FURiaTTK^FOR SAJL.E-.
FOR sale cheap— One wardrobe and folding-
bed; also 50 yards of extra good carpet. 1208
Mission st. •--..'-'¦ -• .
4 ROOMS furnished in oak. $48 50, with No. f
.range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
FURNITURE of 8-room flat. Call between 2
and 5 p. m. at 724 Powell st. . ¦ >
FURNISHED house of 8 rooms for sale at a
sacrifice. 323 Minna Bt. ' _____^_
FURNITURE WASTED.
CAL-Auction Co., 1462 Markets-Buys furniture,
• - merchandise, etc.; phone Jessie 2071.
Auctioneer; W. P. Beauchamp. t Golden Gat»
ave.; tel. Jessie 126; furniture, mdse.. bought.
A. L. StorrsM30 Golden Gate ave.; tel. Jessie
1464; highest price paid for furniture, carpets.
TEL. Jessie 761 before selling furniture, car-
pets. pianos, etc CHAS. LEVY. 1135 Market.
A. WOLLPERT, 773 Mission St.. pays highest
price for second-hand furniture: .tel. Red 1354.
" GLOVEST
D. & F. new $1 glove, retailed at factory price;
warranted: kept in repair. 121 Grant ave.
HELP WANTED — FEMALE.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S.... Phone Grant 1S5
........... HOTEL DEPARTMENT -
3 head waitresses, city and country.. $30
. Waitresses, south, fare advanced •••?•"
2 waitresses. Sacramento $25
25 waitresses, city and commercial hotels —^
¦ Ironer. ' country". $30 and found
Woman for children's dining-room, institution
Cook, few boarders, country $25
FAMILY DEPARTMENT ... ;
Lady's maid and assist second work $->
"Waitress, small family *2o
Housegirls. nice place, country, fare paid.. $20
Houseglrls, second girls, nursegirls, cooks..
$10, $20
_• A cook and second for new house, country,
every convenience, for the 6th of September;
small American family, $35 and $25; call and
investigate".
C..-R.. HANSEN & CO.... 104 Geary at.
FOUR good cooks. German style, $30 and $35;
10 housework girls,^city, $25; cook and second
girl, Alameda, $25 and $20; 2. boarding-house
cooks, $30; 5 housegirls. Alameda and Oak-
--land, $25; 6 second girls, city, $25 and $20; 2
3'oung nurseplrls. $15: 15 girls to assist," $13
and $20. MISS HORGAN. 323 Sutter st.
AA— OPERATORS wanted on ladles' underwear
in factory. I. MAGNIN & CO.. 656 Mission.
A A— OPERATORS wanted on ladles' waists;
good wages. I. MAGNIN & CO.. 656 Mission.
A A— OPERATORS wanted on children's and
misses' coats; good wages. I. MAGNIN &
CO.. 656 Mission st.
"WANTED — An expert bookkeeper and stenog-
rapher; address in own handwriting; all com-
munications confidential; state present em-
I ployment and salary expected. - Paxtoa Gold
Bond Oil Company, 318 Keamy st.
WANTED — Vest finishers; good pay; steady
¦work. Apply Tuesday morning; factory S.
N. WOOD & CO.. 27 Geary st.
LADY stenographer. $50 per month, for Fresno;
must operate Smith Premier typewriter. L.
& M. ALEXANDER. 110 Montgomery St.
WANTED— Girl for light second work and
Bewing; wages $23. Apply Monday and Tues-
day. bet. 10 a. m. and 12 m. 1718 Jackson-si.
EXPERIENCED "pressers wanted at Standard
Shirt Factory, Gough and Grove sts.
WANTED— Girl to do' cooking and general
housework: 2 In family; good wages. Call
to-day between 11 and 3. 1412 Geary st.
LADIES to work for us; pleasant home work;
big pay; samples free. ZENO Co., P. O.
drawer. 1640 Milwaukee. Wls.
GERMAN girl for general housework; flat;
small family. 3503 Twenty-third st., corner
¦"San Jose ave.. near Valencia st.
WANTED— Woman for light housework, $3 to
$10 per month. Apply 1338 Fifteenth ave.,
East Oakland.
MILLINERY trimmer and apprentices wanted
at MME. ADELE'S, 350 Hayes st.
GIRL for housework; no washing. 210A Four-
teenth st. *
"PROBATIONER'S nurses: references. Apply
superintendent, FRENCH HOSPITAL.
EXPERIENCED sewing-machine operators at
Green ebaum. Well & Michels'. 531 Mission st.
COOK to do some housework, family of two;
wages. $25. 1400 Van Ness ave.
WANTED— Young girl to assist in housework.
522 Waller st., near Steiner.
WANTED— Refined woman past 80 for respon-
sible position. Box 102. Call offlce.
GIRL for housework, 4 In family, no windows;
$15. Call 9 to 12 Monday, 3454 Sacramento.
WANTED— A woman or girl for housework;
not over 30 years. 1410 Folsom st.
WOMEN operators on skirts. 48 Ellis Bt,
WANTED— First-class maker. LAYMANCE
Millinery Parlors. 1113 Broadway, Oakland.
LADIES! LADIES! LADIES!
Visit the McDOWELL Dressmaking and Mil-
linery School; now is the time to enter; thor-
ough course given in dressmaking and milli-
nery; competent teachers: ladles make their
own dresses; perfect fit guaranteed: the lat-
est French books; patterns cut to order; spe-
cial class rates; call or send , for circular.
MCDOWELL'S, 1019 Market St.
$25 TO $35 per week guaranteed; 5 ladles and
3 gentlemen: theatrical sketch; no previous
experience necessary. Caldwell College of Ora-
tcry and Acting. Hoover Hall. 1327 Market st.
A LADY of .indomitable energy, possessed of
self-assertion; good opportunity to right par-
ty. F. PERSON, room 412. Parrott building.
WANTED— Young lady who Is an experienced
¦ wrapper. Apply ' at ¦- HALE BROS., between
8 and 11 a. m. •
WANTEDr-Experienced maker for millinery
' department. Apply at HALE BROS.! between
8 and 11 a. m.
WANTED — Finishers on pants: good wagres by
the week; steady work. Apply at SELIG
BROS.', 108 Battery at.
FIRST-CLASS finishers on pants; steady work
guaranteed; good payr*
BELASCO & HARRIS CO..
841 Market Bt.
WOMEN and girls to work on fruit; both
piece and day work: steady, clean work all
summer. Apply Tenth and Bryant sts.
CODEjjpORTWOOD CANNING CO.
A TRIMMER; none but first class need apply;
good salary. MINNIE GORMAN, 402 Ellis st.
WANTED— Printer and toner at TONKIN'S.
1227 Market Bt.
A YOUNG girlto assist in general housework;
good wages. 718 Steiner st. .
NEAT girl to assist In general housework. 666
Castro st. .
WANTED— Operators 6n women's wrappers;
steady-' work: electric power; good • pay.
MARKS BROS.. 1212 Market st.
GIRL to assist in housework and etore. 350
Duncan at., bet. Twenty-seventh and Twenty-
eighth. ;- ¦'<:
WANTED— Girl for cooking and general house-
work. Apply 1208 Devlsadero St.; -wages $20;
good . place in Sacramento. Cal.
SKIRT hands for dressmaking. 121 Post st.
. roonr~43. . ¦ ¦ , • : ; '
GIRL wanted to assist in housework and wait
• at table. 1230 Post st.
WANTED— First-class experienced millinery
saleslady; atate age. experience, where form-
. erly employed and salary expected. Box 484*
* Call olflce. / '
APPRENTICES to learn tailoring; paid whlla
learning. BELASCO & HARRIS CO. 5«
Market st.' •;.-'.'•"¦•• : :
TAILORESS; a pants finisher wanted 5U
Kearny. st., room 18. top floor, r
EXPERIENCED operators on overalls. • HEY-
NEMANN & CO.. 410 Mlaslon at. '¦<>.*"
WANTED— Women for light work oa fruit.
17M Folsom at. . "*
CLASSIFIED advertisements and tubscrlptlon*
• received at Call branch offlce. 2200 Flllaore «t.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
. subscriptions has been . established, at 1O9«
; _? ELF WAKTED--MALE.r
$50 PER "month ; salary to ladles or gentlemen
. to canvass for our books: hours 11 till 2 7 to
::«¦¦¦ KNAPP & CO., 1205 West"t? Oakland.
WANTED-^Bastera on coats; bushelman; press-
man and .under pressman, on pants. AddIv
- Jji esday morn « n R. factory of S. N. WOOD ft
CO., 27 Geary Bt. . "
HELP •.WASTED — MALE — Con.
MURRAY & READY. Phone Main 5848.
Leading Employment and Labor Agent*.
634-636 Clay st.
. SPECIAL. .;
TO-DAY— SPECIAL-SUNDAY V
office ff^y jg?a^i-:
_¦ .. UKIAH.
150 teamsters, Ukiah; FREE.
250 laborers. Ukiah; /REE. j* , -
50 men to cut right of way....*2 to $2 50 day
75 laborers for ballast and steel gang.
SHIP FREE
.'..'.. ..'... TO-DAY (SUNDAY) UKIAH
SANTA FE R. R- CO/S OWN WORK.
A carload of laborers, no experience required.
to work on section, steel, ballast and other
gangs. This Is company work at Stockton.
Fresno., Bakersfleld and Merced divisions. Free
farC ' SHIP DAILY.
MECHANICAL DEPARTMENT ........
3 stonemasons, rough work, near city; call
Sunday; $3 60 day; ranch carpenter. M0 and
found: carpenter for a factory, country, 133
and found.
- Blacksmith, railroad camp, free fare. *45 and
found: band sawyer, lumber company, $55 and
found; circular sawyer, sawmill company, 175
and found; carriage painter; men for machine
and boiler shops.
» LABORERS. MINES. QUARRIES. ETC.
6 single-hand miners, $75: 5 miners, (60;
drillers, $2 50: tunnelmen. • (3; laborers, S2 25:
6 muckers, quartz mine, $50 and found: 10 la-
borers for mine. 875; 25 laborers for surface
work and smelter. $45 and found; 12 laborers,
gold mine, fare $2 50, $60; 179 men for different
quarries. S2 to $2 50 day; 3 carmen for mine.
10 laborers for bridge company, near city. $40
and found; 15 laborers, no experience needed,
brick yard, $30 and found; 5 laborers to work
o ngentleman's- grounds. $2 day; 5 laborers
Santa Clara County. $34 and found.
SAWMILLS. WOODS. YARDS, ETC
6 men handy with an ax. San Mateo County.
$30 and found; 15 laborers for new mill, $33
and found ; 10 lumber pliers : circular sawyer
band sawyer; 150 laborers for other mills
• FARMS. DAIRIES. ETC
60 farmers, steady jobs, $26. $30. $35 and found :
27 - teamsters, ranch; 13 orchard' hands; 12
milkers and dairymen; S men to work on a
large ranch, drive small teams. Irrigate, etc..
$26 and found; 27 choremen and choreboys. $15
$20. $25. $30
FRUIT PICKERS
FRUIT PICKERS?
25 men or strong boys to pick fruit, work In
packing house and dry yards, no experienco
required, anybody will do. $30 and found, this
is a large fruit farm, long Job, fare $1, call
to-day (Sunday)
MISCELLANEOUS
Choreman for an Institution. $20 and found;
boy for country store, near city; 10 stablemen.
$30 to $60; 3 buggy washers; gardener; loo
teamsters, city and country; farmer and wife.
Sonoma County, see boss here. $40 and found:
5 laborers, factory, city, no strike
..HOTEL. BAKERY AND OTHER HELP..
Cook for officers of mining company. $50 and
found; second cook, mine, fare paid. J40 and
found; 4 cooks, hotels, country; 8 restaurant
cooks; 18 kitchen hands; 4 ranch cooks: 1*
. waiters, city and country hotels and restanr- '
ants, $25 to $40; IS porters, pantrymen, regs-
tablemen. etc.; baker, country shop, day
work. $11 a week: second baker, same shop.
$3 a "week: second baker, country shop, fare
$1. $40 and found; 10 baker's helpers; 3 bell-
boys; clerk for general merchandise store,
country. $50 • •
. MURRAY & READY 634-636 Clay Bt.
A TO-DAY— SUNDAY. "
TO-DAY— SUNDAY.
OFFICE OPEN. ALL DAY.
At C. R. HANSEN & CO 104 Geary ft.
RAILROAD WORK. RAILROAD WORK.
FREE FARE! FREE FARE!
FOR UKIAH.
FOR UKIAH.
100 teamsters • i- a day
100 laborers J2 a day
FEE 50e.
FEE 50c.
OFFICE OPEN TO-DAY— SUNDAY.
C. B. HANSEN & CO 104 Geary Bt.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'..... 104 Geary st.
RAILROAD WORK. RAILROAD WORK.
FREE FARE. FREE FARE.
Wanted— 500 teamsters, laborers. and tunnel
men for * ..:-,-¦ '
- NEVADA.
TRUCKEE. !
CHATSWORTH PARK.
SANTA FE SYSTEM. >
WAGES $1 23 TO $3 A DAY. ,
FREE FARE. SHIP DAILY. FREE FARE.'
HOTEL DEPARTMENT.
Meat cook. $50; baker. $40: kitchen hand.
$30, for an Institution, country hotel: butch-
er, good carver, country hotel. $70 to $80;
roast cook, hotel. $70.
C. R. HANSEN & CO 104 Geary st.
AT THE CALIFORNIA EMP. AGENCY.
C9 Third St.. near Call bldg.: phone Bush 405.
RAILROAD LABORERS.
UKIAH! UKIAH!
FREE FARE! .j.i-~t
60 R. R. laborers, Ukiah ...42 per day
10 R. R. teamsters, Uklah. .$2 to $3 25 per day
£0 axmen, .Uklah ,...$2 per day
Free fare to Fresno, Merced and Bakers-
fleld.
50 shovelers for Santa Fe R. R. : 50 section
hands for Santa Fe R. E.; railroad camp
cook 130 per month
Candy-maker, country.... $12 to $15 per week
BARBERS, attention — The members . ot the
Journeymen Barbers' Union, Local 148, are
hereby ' requested to assemble at 927 Market
st. MONDAY. September 2. 1901. at 10:30 a.
m.. to participate in the Labor day celebra-
tion. ¦ I. LESS, Secretary.
BARBERS, attention— Monday, September 2.
1901. being a legal holiday all shops will cloaa
at 12 m. on said date. I. LESS.
Secretary Journeymen Barbers* Union.
JOURNEYMEN Barbers' International Union—
Free employment. 927 Market St.. room 207.
I. LESS, secretary; telephone Jessie 1178.
WANTED— 100 able-bodied men; -wages » cents
per hour, board, lodging and protection in-
cluded. Apply, ready to go to work, Monday
or Tuesday, September 3 and 3. from 8:30 to
7:30 a. m.. to WILLIAM THOMAS. SOS Bat-
tery St.. rooms 13 and 14.
FAITHFUL managers In each State for -weal-
thy corporation; salary $18. each Wednesday^
from headquarters; expenses advanced: in-*
close self-addres3ed stamped envelope. Man-
ager. 205 Caxton bldg.. Chicago.
MAN of good habits wanted to help In a pleas-
ant business from. 9 a. in. to 5 p. m. : will
. pay $15 to $13 per week; must have $75 and
be ready to go to work at once. California
Business Exchange. 73 Third st.. room 2.
BRIGHT, honest boy of proper aga to- learn
-watchmaking and kindred trades; a gcod
opportunity for right boy; must give good
" references. 70" Market st.
COACHMAN wanted for city: must be not over
30 years of age. Apply by letter, stating age.
last employment and salary required -without
board. Box 70, Call offlce. • -
CUTTER on muslin underwear who under-
stands his business thoroughly; rood wages;
references. Box 71, Call office. -->--*•:
WANTED— An apprentice for architect's offlce:
one who can type -write preferred. Address
box 50. Call offlce.
WANTED— Reliable agent to supply cooks and
.fireman for steamships. Address W. J.. box
B4. Call offlce. ¦
WANTED— Experienced traveler in laces, hand-
kerchiefs, curtains, etc., side line; Al refer-
encea required. Address box 33. Call offlca.
MARINE firemen, lumber stevedores, sailors;
non-union; no offlce fees. Mechanics' Regls-
tratlon Bureau, 410 Kearny at., room 24.
EXPERIENCED milk wagon driver; must ba
honest and sober; wages $45 and found; ref-
erences. 1507 Broderick st.
BRIGHT young man In bazaar: best of refer-
ences required: salary, room and board. Ap-
ply at 2200 Fillmore at to-day. ¦
WANTED— Neat boy 14 years: stationery store. 1
Apply 8 to 10 Monday morning at 207 Mont-'
gomery st. j-
WANTED— Bright offlce boy residing with
parents. Address In own handwriting box
'61, Call offlce. - .•-'"
MAN for ranch; $10 and found. Box 18. Call
pt flee. ¦ v.
PRESSER at the Cal. Clothing Jtenovatory.
Call Monday, IIS -Geary st. ' .
WANTED— Crockery packer: only thoroughly
• experienced man need apply. Box 42. Call. .
BOY wanted In real estate ofllce. McEWEN
BROS.. 118 Montgomery st. "
BOY wanted for Jewelry store; state references.
Box 62, Call office.
WANTED— A good second cook. 105 California
Market; California Restaurant.
WANTED— Man for housecleanlng In exchange
for room and breakfast. 613 Larkln st.
WANTED— A porter for a restaurant: one with
experience waiting table pref d. 133 OTarrell.
BOY wanted. Apply at -244 Stockton st.
WANTED— Cook for saloon lunch; very easy
place; jS week. 130 Howard st. . '
GOOD strong boy for awning work; must be
. over 17 years. 1133 Mission st. ; .
WANTED— A young man as delivery clerk la
grocery store. Address box 72. Call offlce.
WANTED— 200 honorably discharged U. S. sol-
diers or -marines. Apply at- room 10. 323
Montgomery st. ; bring discharge papers;
wages $3 per day with bonus. ...
BARBERS— A bargain: two-chair shop with
three living rooms, furnished complete: for
sale cheap: good business: satisfactory re*-;
son for selling. Call 31S Third »C — (THE ;SANFKANCISCO CALL; SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 1, 1901.
29
HELP WASTED — MALE— Con.
FOR eal«— Complete 2-chair barber shop outfit
cheap. 3114 FUlmore Et.
CIVIL service Government positions— 9500 ap-
pointments made last year; probably 10,000
this year; common school education required
for the examination; catalogue of information
free. Columbian Correspondence | College,
Washington. P. C. - '
GENTLEMAN of indomitable energy and push;
rood opportunity to right man. F. PERSON,
room 412. Parrott building.
200 MEN to buy eults made to order, $1 per
week. A. B. SMITH CO.. 128 Ellis et.
WANTED— Young man who is an experienced
dry goods wrapper. Apply at HALE BROS.,
between 8 and 11 a. m.
1000 MEN wanted— Sailors, stevedores, firemen,
laborers; steady employment; good wages.
Lumber Dealers' Association, 2CJ Examiner
building.
600 TEAMSTERS; steady employment; good
wages. Apply Lumber Dealers' Association.
20S Examiner building.
FOREMAN for email mine; -wagres $5 per day:
roust be able to start work at once and in-
veft S5C0 cash. Address box 4S80. CaU office.
YOUNG man to attend gents' furnishing store
and make himself penerally useful : etate ex-
perience. salary desired. Box 4S53, Call office.
FIRST-CLASS painters and tinters at 112 Mc-
Al lister gt.
BRIGHT boy fcr printing office; address in
own writing; references. Box 13. Call office.
CANVASSER; business houses only; must be
a hustler. Box 23, Call office.
BARBERS, attention— To let. 953 Howard st..
near Sixth; central location.
UNDERPRESSER on pants wanted by S. N.
WOOD & CO. Apply at factory. 27 Geary st
WANTED— Recruits for the marine corps. U.
6. navy; able-bodied, unmarried men of good
character, between the ares of 21 and 35; not
le»* than 5 feet 4 inches and not over 6 feet 1
Inch; able to speak and read English. For
further information apply at the 'Recruiting
office. 40 Ellis ft.. San Francisco.
MEN to learn barber trade; only requires eight
weeks: positions' secured at $60 monthly;
special inducements this month: write at
once for free catalogue. MOLER BARBER
COLLEGE. 635 Clay st.
TT ANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin, Reno House- proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 217 Third St.; 150 large
rooms; 25c per night; SI to $2 per week.
WANTED— Dress goods, domestic and gents'
furnishing goods salesmen. Apply at HALE
BROS.' between S and 11 a. m.
WANTED— First-class salesman for domestic
department: state age. experience, salary ex-
pected. Address box 4370. Call office.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 563 Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d tts.
WANTED — Cabinet-maker's assistant; light
work; steady. Address box 14. Call office.
FOR SALE— First-class hotel barber shop in
mountain town. H. BERNARD. 104 7th st.
BARBER shop for sale at a bargain. Apply
WILL & FINXK.
GET your shoes half -soled while waiting; 25c
to SOc 565 Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
McDONALD & PERRY have 500 pairs second-
hand shoes for sale; 50c up. 241 Third st.
1000 MEN wanted— Rock drillers, tunnel, brush
and shovel men to work on ditch line being
constructed for the Sweepstake Mining Co.
near Weaverville. Trinity Co.. Cal.; apply on
trork; steady work, good board and best
wages in State. San Francisco Construction
Co.. 26 Montgomery Et.. room 25. San Fran-
cisco. Cal.
100 ORDIJCART teamsters. Apply at 232 Mont-
gomery rt
5 FIRST-CLASS cabinet-makers on wood man-
. teK MANGRL'M & OTTER. 5S1 Market st.
WANTED— Men for light work on fruit. 1731
Folsom st.
YOUXG man to do Janitor work for tuition in
San Francisco Barber School, 741A Howard st.
WANTED— 5C0 men to buy new and 2d-hand
army shoeg. $1 up; soling 20c up. 923 Howard.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third st.. near Mar-
ket— 700 rooms, 25c night; reading rooms; free
'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 FUlmore st
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1036
Valencia st.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
¦smes. j»fl \f *gn;iigm joj jaddiu/* ai 'esSBd 81
BORSES AXD WAGOXS.
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons buggies
carte, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market.
227 Sixth st.; auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
FOR SALE— A very stylish and spirited car-
riage team; light dapple gray. 15^ hands, of
fine breed. Address box 68. Call office.
ISO HEAD stock horses for sale. A. M. SCOTT
& CO.. 35 Dore St.. S. F.
FOR SALE— Cheap, handsome saddle pony; also
doctor's phaeton. 615 Ellis et.
FOR Sale — Pair of horses, fine camping wagon
and outfit. Seen at 1257 Valencia st.
FOR SALE— Handsome bug^y horse cheap.
Call at SOI Ellis st. I
FOR sale — Nearlj- new business: also leather
top light buggy- 14a Devlsadero et.
CHEAP— New panel body deliver}'. 1 laundry.* 1
baker's. 1 shoe. 1 grocery wagon. 828 Harrison.
A BARGAIN in good carriaee. saddle, business
and road horses. DALZIEL. 605 G. G. ave.
BOYCOTT the ROBERTS Harness and Wagon
Co.; be sells too cheap. a4 Eighth et.
49 HEAD of work and driving horses; 2 fast
pacers. 721 Howard et.
WASTED — To buy or rent business buggy;
etate price. . Bex 103, Call office.
ALL kinds of wagons, busrpies, carts harness
etc.. cheap. EGAN & SON, 2117 Mission St.
AN A Xo. 1 express wa^on. single: also light
casnplng wagon for rale, cheap 5S2 Mission.
CHEAPKST end best in America— The Weekly
CalL 16 pages, pent to any address In th»
United Ptat»« nr Oana^a on* year for tl.
HOSPITALS.
ttSXTJklt & nervous diseases cared for at San
Elmo Hospital. 230 Dougiafs st.. San Fran.
HOX'SISS TO LET.
A— PRINTED~^sTTio^ser7onetTTend for cir-
cular. G. II. UMBSEX & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
HANDSOME residence, g large rooms; large
baffment. attic, yard; rent reasonable. 1104
Haight st.. above Baker, opposite Buena
Vista Park.
CAK. 324. between Octavia and Laguna— House
of S rooms and bath; large basement.
TO LET — House of 6 rooms; large yard, 2307
Polk St.
HOL'SES TO LET Fl'RMSHED.
FOR rent — Furnished house of 8 rooms or -will
*el! furniture cheap, j 415 Harrison et.
MARINE view corner: 12 R. complete. THE
MCCARTHY CO.. 646 Market Et.
HOUSES WAXTED. '
COTTAGE 4 rooms, bath, gas. $12. Mission
or Hayes Valley; no children. P.. J941 Mission.
, ________ „
GENTLEMEN wishing to marry wealthy ladlea
tend 10c for latest list. Mrs. Hertz. 7(K Ellis.
MATTRESSES AXD PILLOWS.
TO order, also cleaned and sterilized, uphol-
stery Al carpet cleaning; honest work guar-
anteed. HOPKE BROS.. 411 to 415 Powell st. ;
tei. Bush 42L
" medical:
DR O'DONNELL— All who are sick and In
trouble call and consult the specialist. My
medicines have been used for many years by
thousands; the unfortunate helped: relief In
all cases taken; the most obstinate cases
have been relieved by my treatments; free
confidential advice on all subjects of a deli-
cate nature; all classes of female complaints
treated; relief to the longest cases. DR. G.
W. O'DONNELL, 1018 Market st.
RETURNED •
MRS DAVTES bas returned from her vaca-
tion and will b« pleased to see her friends at
the old number. 1228 Market st.
HINDOOHERB AND MRS. DA VIES' original
method of treatment; maternity home: home
. in confinement. 1126 Market et.. S. F.
DR, TALCOTT A CO.— Practice confined to
weaknesses and diseases of men only. 997
Market et.. corner Fixth; entire upper floor.
MRS. D. ALLEN. 1118 Market— Reliable la-
dies' specialist; a priv. borne before and dur-
ing confinement; best medical care; low fees.
MBS. D. KOHL" removed from Market st. to
410 O'Farrell st-. between Taylor and Jones.
MRS. D. WTETH'S Maternity Home removed
Xxom Post to 410 O'Farrell st., near Taylor.
; 5l O ? T AND FOUND. "
LOST— Deposit draft Union Trust Bank,
marked 38219. M. E. CARROLL. Please re-
turn to Union Trust Bank. -
LOST— One double Elk tooth watch charm;
T^ty£J nounte<1 - Finder return same to B. R.
JONES. 812 Battery st.. and receive reward.
LOST— St.* Bernard dog. sable and white mark-
lngs; name, Emperor. 16 Third st.; reward.
FOUND— Gordon setter dog. Owner can have
same by paying expenses. 1839 Eddy st.
IT will pay to "Remember"' that the Callfor.
nia. « atch Case Co., 220 Sutter St.. needs old
gold and sliver to make new watch cases.
MISCELLANEOUS— FOR SALE.
B 9££?iV en "°«^2^and^_^h1inc : r9r^Mc^
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont st.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, restaurant and po-
k»r tables, barroom chairs, linoleum, new an1
second hand; we always have a large stock oj
talcon outflts on hand: 12 complete outfits on
one floor, ready made: we can ship everything
In 24 hpurs. J. NOONAN. 1017. 1019, 1021, 1023
MlKElcn St.. above Sixth; write for catalogue.
Graphophones, Phonograph, Gramophones, $5 to
$150; easy terms; children's toy graphophones
$1 50: 2d-hand Phonographs.Gramophones very
cheap. Columbia Phonograph Co., 125 Geary
A— BUYS.*sell3 or rent« gear, machinery, en-
glnes, boilers, water pipes, shafting, pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW. 253-255 Spear st.
1901 COLUMBIA, Orient and other second-hand
bicycles cheap; send for list. LEAVITT &
BILL, 309 Larkin St. ,
FOR sale— A thoroughbred fox terrier; beauti-
fully marked; age 12 months. 926 Mission st.,
rear Mint.
NEW or 2d-hand clothing, shoes, tools, metals,
Jewelry bought, sold, exch.; 1 4-H.P. Covey;
1 2%-H.P. Hercules; gasoline eng. 910 Kearny.
A— AUTOMATIC Erie computing grocery scale,
almost new; cost $60; a bargain at $25. Cal-
ifornia Loan Office, 32 Stockton st.
FINE counter. 60 feet, in four parts; suitable
for office, store, bank or bar. L. & M.
ALEXANDER. 110 Montgomery st.
MIMEOGRAPH and Eastman kodak No. 4 for
sale: both quite new. Apply IS Mason St.,
room 46.
POINTER bitch, quail broken. $20; on trial;
pup 7 months, $10. or trade later for kodak.
Box 8. Call office. '
$900— CERTIFICATE Realty Syndicate $10 per
cent discount. For particulars address P. O.
box 49. Berkeley. .'
A— tS 50 DERBY and Fedcra hats, $1 75. Pop-
ular Price Hatters. 830 Kearny St.. near Pine.
FINE suits.' 110; dress pants. $2 75. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery st.
ENCYCLOPEDIA Britannlca for sale; 30 vol-
umes; clean and new; $20. Box 101. Call office.
FOR sale — Sev.ing machine; brand new; drop
head; cheap. 800 McAllister st
FOR sale— Planing mill; doing good business.
Box 63. Call office.
CANARIES for sale; your choice from 150 at
«2. 629 Minna St.. bet. Seventh and Eighth.
ALLIGATOR leather lined grips, $2 50. Misflt
Clothing Parlors (upstairs). 23 Stockton st.
FULL dress suits. $10. Misflt Clothing Parlors
(upstairs). 23 Stockton st.' (Suits rented.)
CUSTOM made uncalled-for pants. $2 50. Misflt
Clothing Parlors (upstairs), 23 Stockton st.
200 LARGE homers for squab raising. D. M.
BROWN, San Mateo. Cal.
$40 SEWING machine, good as new, $10. 1631
Sacramento st.. near Polk.
FOR cale — Newfoundland pups from prize-win-
ning stock. 2041 Fifteenth st.. near Market.
15-HORSEPOWER engine and boiler; good as
new. 316 Railroad ave.
A LOT of oil tanks, all sixes and shapes.
cheap. H. S. WHITE. 516 Mission uU
UNCALLED-FOR- suits from leading tailors.
Misfit Clothing Parlors (upstairs). 23 Stockton.
GASOLINE engines, all sizes, new and second
hand. J. E. DOAK. 511 Mission st.
MOVING uicture attachments for magic lan-
terns, $12 HO. 109 Montgomery st.
SAFES— New and second-hand. THE HER-
MAN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st
DIAMONDS, watches, jewelry: cash or Install-
ments. Theo. Fershtand. 126 Kearny, r. 29.
FIRST-CLASS second-hand modern engines and
boilers bought and sold. KROGH MFG. CO.
BAR outflts. showcases: all lengths and sires.
J. SCHWERDT. 821 Mission st. ¦
2D-HAND machinery of all kinds bought, sold,
rented, exchanged. H. S. White. B16 Mission.
ENGINES and boilers; second-hand .machln-
ery. J. BURKE. 139 Beale st.
FAIRBANKS' 10-ton hay scale: jeweler's steel-
llned cafe, perfect order. 21« California Bt.
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d-hand moving pic-
tnres. BULLARD & BRECK. 131 Post «t.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, eent to any address In th»
United Stnteo or Panada on» year for $1.
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS. .
ART stamped checks bought; also documen-
tary and proprietary stamps. Room 100S.
Call building.
"WANTED— To rent, small ranch; part cash If
reasonable. E. DOUGHERTY, Palcines, Cal.
W ANTED— Small gasoline launch. Box 4818,
Call office.
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 154 »th St.; tel. Folsom 2622.
MOXEYTO ,?f J .? A -_ y<
9SC>0.000 at S per cent In sums to suit. City and
Oakland, town and country property; second
mortgages, life insurance & securities. Loam
on unsettled estates, undivided interests in
real estate and legacies. We will purchase any
ot aboye securities. Tel. Red 5024. MANIIAT-
TAN LOAN CO.. 7th floor. Crocker bldg.
ANY AMOUNT AT 6 PER CENT
First, second and third mortgages
Undivided Interest In real estate in probate...
Mortgages and legacies bought; no delay
Get my terms before doing business elsewhere
R. McCOLGAN
¦' 24 Montgomery st. room 3
HERMAN MURPHY. 603 Examiner building—
$$,000,000 at 6% or lees in large sums; loans
on second mortgages, estates, etc.; financial
problems of all sorts and sizes. If your prop-
erty Is mortgaged and you need more money
gee HERMAN MURPHY. 603 Examiner bids.
ANY proposition, any amount; S per cent: first,
second mortgages, estates in probate. Interest
in estates, legacies, chattel mortgages; securi-
ties, manufacturing, mercantile and mining
interests; corporation loans. R. 16, 1st floor.
Chronicle building. GEORGE E. OLSEN.
HIGHLY respectable, private place to obtalr
liberal advances on diamonds, jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. 946 Market
st: tel. Main 1644. Branch 19 Third st.
RELIABLE corporation, established 1S65. proper
place to borrow money on diamonds. Jewelry,
pianos and sealskins at lowest rate of Interest.
» Grant ave.. near Market; tel. Black 5471.
MUNICIPAL Loan Office. 103 Grant ave.. near
Geary st.; phone Red 1603.
ON real estate. 1st or 2nd mortgages & en furni-
ture or pianos without removal: any amount;
lowest rates. Becker & Co.. 28 Montgomery.
Advances life Insurance policies; Army and
Navy officers' salaries; 'accounts of bank books
In liquidation bought. Apply 330 Montgomery.
LOWEST rates on furniture, etc.. by private
party; no removal; no commission: conflden-
tlal. Room 8. Conservatory bldg.. . 301 Jones.
ON furniture, pianos: no removal: money
quick: lowett .Interest: easy terms; no broker-
age; reliable party. 1170 Market st.. room eg.
MOST reliable place to borrow on diamonds,
watches. Jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL, 10 Sixth;
highest price for old gold, silver, diamonds.
$25,000 IN trust to loan at 6 per cent: city or
country: see me before sroing elsewhere.
HARPER. 897 Parrott building.
A— ON real estate; lowest rate; no brokerage:
no delay. LICK. 116 McAllister et
THE TOUSLEY Company; loans and discount*.
S21 Parrott building.
MONEY loaned salaried people without secur-
lty. Hill, r. 44. Merchants' Ex.. 431 California.
ON Fa!ar1e« or wages: no indorser required. S
F. DISCOUNT AGENCY. 143 Phelan building.
LOANS money on salary; no Indorser; Eastern
plan. Western Lean Co.. 303 Phelan bldg.
$100,000 TO losn on real estate or for buildins;
low rate. 222 Sansome St.. room 2.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note without
, indorser. MORRKLL. 609 Examiner building.
MONEY WANTED.
PARTY would like to borrow money on dla-
. rqondg. Box 4852. Call office. .
MUSICAL 'INSTRUMENTS.
ALL pianos purchased of SHERMAN, CLAY &
CO. may be exchanged for a new Stelnway
upright or baby grand piano any time within
S years from date of purchase, and have full
price allowed. New . upright nlanos, $6 per
month; some good pianos sold for $3. $4 and
$S per month. SHERMAN. CLAY & CO..
JSteinway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
cts.. San* Francisco: corner Broadway and
Thirteenth st.. Oakland.
ALL highest grades sold by Heine Piano Co..
sole agents for famous and oldest American
makes, including Hallet-Davls: rreat bar-
gain list, $50 up; Stelnway, $1S5 up; Fischer,
$100; Chickering. $165; 20 others, rents $2 up;
great Inducements to agents. 217 Geary it.-
: -; MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS— Con.
THE ZENO MAUVAIS MUSIC CO.,
*" ¦¦-....- 769 Market St.,
. , ' San Francisco, Cal. >
: - We. are going to celebrate - our twenty-fifth
anniversary in a short time, and we are go-
ingt to present to the public the finest line
¦ of planof- that have ever been shown here.
¦ Wehr.ve on our floors a great many fine In-
. strntnent<« that we are going to clear off so
as to make room for the goods that are to
• arrive shortly. ¦ ¦ ; ¦
Come In and\ let us show you these fine
pianos and also let us tell you the price.
We won't put prices in here because we are
selling these specials so close,' but don't miss
your chance;' come and take advantage of this
¦ p.trriflce. . . . • . ..'••"
A BONANZA FOR SNAP HUNTERS.
PIANOS.
1 good upright, $55; 1, better, $85.
2 good grands. $175, $195.
6 uprights, $135. $155, $183. $190, $198.
Also Conover, Stelnway. Weber, Vose, Curtaz,
Decker Bros., Pease Standard, little used,
r ORGANS.
1 6-stop, $39; 1 7-stop. $44. \
1 7-stop, $48; 1 fine like new, $64.
1 2-manual. $75; 1 16-stop, Liszt style.
Mason &Hamlln. very fine, S150. . .
Easy payments. BEN J. CURTAZ & SON, *
16 O'Farrell S Chickering Agency.
14,000 sq. feet 'largest and oldest piano house.
ANY piano sold by us taken back any tlnu
within 3 years and full purchase price al-
lowed on a new peerless Knabe at regular
price; costs you only 20c a day to buy a piano
from us. KOHLER £ CHASE. 3D O'Farrell
St.; established 1850. ( ...
PIANOS— Steck, Everett. Hardman. Packard,
Ludwig and others; 20 different factories rep-
resented: wholesale and retail. THE WILEY
B. ALLEN CO.. 933 Market st. (opp. Mason);
branch store. 951 . Broadway. Oakland.
ATTENTION. PIANO BUYERS!
Sohmer. Byron Mauzy, Gabler. Lester, Ham-
ilton and SDlelman . pianos to be had new
only at BYRON MAUZY' S. 303. S10. 312 Post.
ANOTHER cleanlng-out sale of storage pianos
at your own price; $6 Installments: no reserve.
WILSON'S STORAGE CO.. 1706 Market st.
WANTED-Four good square pianos. BYRON
MAUZY. 308-310-312 Post st.
STEINWAY. $200; Hartman. $100; elegant new
pianos. $150 up. W. C. Hamilton. 8 Flood bldg.
GREAT bargain In fine upright grand piano;
owner must leave city. 804 Geary st.
ELEGANT piano as good as new: standard
make; n sacrifice. Hornung's. 216 McAllister.
A I._ KE EFFE'S. 22 Turk St.. near Market—
Ehonlnger. Schubert and Stelnway bargains.
$7R AND upward— Fine uprights. PIERCE'3
Piano Factory. Market. 14th and Church sts.
LEFT on sale. $95 mahogany case Fischer up-
rlght piano. Room 38. 217 Geary st.
A SPECIAL for this week-$400 piano for $275.
BRUENN. 208 Post st. -
EEEGANT n»w uwUht pianos for rent. $3 per
mo. SCOTT-CURTAZ Piano Co.. 560 Hayes.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
GOOD perond-hnnd upright for sale' cheap.
SCHMITZ. 16 McAllister «t.
A »FINE upright piano for sale cheap. S37
McAllister st. .¦ . ¦¦
CHEAPKST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. 16 ' pages, sent to any address in the
United Ftpte* or Carnfla nni» year for tl.
OFFICES AND STORES TO LET.
GUERRERO. 1043— Store, ; fixtures and ' living
rooms; desirable for dressmaking, etc. '
FOR rent— New cigar store. ' Inquire 523
Broadway, barber shop.
ELLIS. 310— Newly carpeted, with or without
furniture, front and back parlors.
DESKROOM cheap: fine sunny office; attend-'
ant; private phone. 727 Emma Spreckels bids.
OIL.
OIL tanks, second-hand, in good order: all
eltes : cheap. H. S. WHITE. Rig Mission st
PALMISTRY.
Chlrologtcal College — Character reading, diag-
nosing, palmistry, chirology and graphology
taught; diplomas issued. Suite 451, Parrott big.
MRS. LAMB, scientific palmist: head and face
reading: lessons given. 617 Jones st.
PERSOXALS.
i |
BOHEMIAN Dermatological Institute— Pimples,
wrinkles and all facial blemishes and diseases
of the scalp cured; gray hair restored to nat-
ural color; hair grown on bald heads; elec-
trolysis for the removal of superfluous hair,
moles; massage; flesh reduced or developed
any part of the body; shampoo; the French
importations which we use are superior to all
GOLDEN GATE BUILDING, (
131 Post St.
THE Star Hair Remedy is guaranteed to re-
store cray and faded hair to natural color,
stop falling, cure dandruff, grow new hair;
not a dy«; no stain, grease or oil. At drug-
gists, hairdressers or our office, 385 Geary St.,
S. F. The Star Remedy Co., phone Black 4895.
TO lease on a royalty a good paying business;
but little capital required; the gentleman In
charge is an invalid; a fortune for the parties
who take hold and push the business; it Is a
safe investment; no risk to run. Call 427
Broderick st. ' ¦ ;
IF your hair Is falling or you are bald, call
on DR. G. S. MOORE, 332 O'Farrell St.. and
you will not be disappointed; this remedy is
positively guaranteed; preparation sent to all
parts of the world; call or send for circular.
THE best shampoo In town Is given in my par-
lors, for I have the sun, which is nature's
remedy for preserving and stimulating the
growth of hair; all hair and scalp diseases
successfully treated. E. R. Dunlap, 34 Kearny.
GENTLEMAN, stranger in city, miner, owns
valuable mining claims, wishes to meet young
lady or widow of culture and means; object,
matrimony; trlflers please don't answer. Ad-
dress box 30, Call office.
SEA captain of 40, in active service." desires
the acquaintance of a lady between 25 and 35;
must be. Independent; correspondence confi-
dential; object, matrimony. Box 52, Call. ]
CULTURED • widow desires acquaintance of
honorable gentleman of means to assist her
financially; object, matrimony; no triflers.
Address box 24, Call office.
$17 50— SOLID oak bedroom set; plate mirror.
$1— Solid oak chair; factory price.
$2— Enamel beds, all sizes. Tel. Folsom 1323.
Searey's Credit House. 1429 Mission, nr. 10th,
ELECTRIC light In every room— Winchester
Hotel, 44 Third St., near Market; 700 rooms;
25c to $1 50 per night; $1 50 to $6 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
RAG carpets wove to order and for sale; also
chenllle-wove rugs, silk portieres; dealer in
carpet twine, in hank or chain, at lowest
rates. GEO. MATTHEWS. 709 Fifth, Oakland.
$1 WEEKLY— Suits to order from' genuine
Scotch. $15 up; fine dress suits, $20 up; ele-
gant overcoats. $15 up. LEON LEMOS. 1117
NMarket St., between Seventh and Eighth.
CANCER cured at home by Internal treatment;
. no knife, plaster or pain; book and testi-
monials mailed free. Cancer Institute, 121
West Fort y-pecond St.. N. Y.
A— THE Electric Needle Specialist. , MRS. I.
BARRETT- WILSON, 1023 Market st., perma-
nently removes superfluous hair; free demon-
stration, .
FREE trial — Superfluous hair permanently re-
moved; new method; harmless;, lady in at-
tendance. 935 Market, r. 5; sample mailed. 25o.
WHITE enamel Iron beds, single, three-quarter
or double, $2 25. EASTERN OUTFITTING
CO.. 1310-1312 Stockton st.. near Broadway.
SEND stamp for list of books which can't be
iKiught elsewhere. Bookseller, 40C East 75th
-St., New York City. .
LADIES — Get free trial Dixon's Hair Remover;
permanent. 935 Market; sample mailed 25c.
MATERNITY villa— Strictly private; terms rea-
sonable. Mrs. .Dr. Funke. 1416 8th. Alameda.
PRIVATE detective work; reasonable rates; 10
years' experience. . J. B. Ray, 836 Mission st.
OBESITY cured : no dieting; ho weakening. THE
A'VIDA CO.. 736 Valencia St.. bet. ISthand 19th.
DR. LAMOTTE'S French Corn Paint, the best
corn cure; 25c; all drug-gists.
ALFREDUMS Egyptian Henna; restores gray
hair to its natural color; $1; at all druggists.
SUPERFLUOUS T.a;r and mmen uestruyea with
t electric needle. 'MISS EATON. 1119 Sutter st.
TAILOR-MADE suits, $7 50; dress pants. $2 50.
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
OLD gold, silver, diamonds and precious stones
bought. .T. R. JENKEL. 817 Market st.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books wigs 1
country orders. GOLDSTEIN. & CO.. 733 Mkt.
g PHYSICIANS AND SURGEONS.
DR. C. C. O' DONNELL^Of flcJTand resfd'encT
102m Market St.. between Sixth and Seventh.
DR. WONG HIM, herb doctor successfully
treats all diseases of the human body: nee
testimonlais qt office. 115-117 Mason, nr. Ellis.
A— DR. WONG WOO, herb doctor; sanitarium"
764-766 Clay st. : see testimonials at office.
PLAJf IXG AXD TURN ISO MILLS.
WOOD and Ivory Turning, .Planing. Shaping
and Sawing. CARL F. HAAS, 95 Fremont st.
PROPERTY WASTED. -
HAVE . you a vacant lot to sell ? j?i j want ¦ to
build' a home; state price and location of lot
Box 4414. Call office. .
WANTED— Income property (flats) in Western
Addition; price under $6000. Box 49, Call. ¦••'-
REAL ESTATE-^-CITY-i-FOR SALE.
EASTON. ELDRIDGE & CO.,-
638 MARKET ST. :
"AUCTION!
AUCTION ! '
TUESDAY..... :.^... SEPT. 10.. 1901
at J2 o'clock noon, ... '' :,
at our salesroom, 638 Market st. -
HANDSOME ADDITION RESI-
. - .-, • ¦¦ ' DENCE. ¦'../ ¦ • ¦ •' '
North side (No. 1571) Fulton St.. 96:10% feet
east of Lyon, | an elegant modern residence, 9
rooms, basement , and attic; ¦ four beautiful
mantels, porcelain tub; open ¦ sanitary plumb-
ing; all in good condition;- built by days'
labor by the present owner, a builder for his
own home; $3750 can remain on mortgage; lot
25x100 feet.
MISSION . INVESTMENT.
North side (Ncs. 3116-3118-3120-3122) 23d st.,
77:6 feet west of Folsom, store and three
rooms and three flats, 5-4-4 rooms and bath.
Modern and well built; rents $S04 per annum;
could be easily increased; sunny side of street;
lot 45x£3 feet. ¦ , ¦< .
- MISSION RESIDENCE.'
North side (No. 3806) 22d St., 55 feet west- of
Noe. handsome, sunny, well-built ' house of 9
rooms and porcelain bath/sanitary plumbing;
fine mantels and modern in every detail; only
one block from Castro st. cars; lot 25x101:6
feet/ ¦ . • ; ; -;v -..•.-.;¦¦
POWELL STREET IMPROVED PROPERTY.
East side (No. 1018) Powell St., 83 feet south
of Washington, three-story house, 10 rooms;
rents $20 per month; numerous sales in this
neighborhood testify to the rapid increase In
valuation of this property; lot 23x60 feet.
MISSION IMPROVED PROPERTY.
North side (Nos. 3364-3366-3368-3370) , 19th' St.,
122:6 feet east of Mission, three-story house of
12 rooms and two flats of 4-5 rooms and bath
each; sunny side of street; rents $660 per an-
num; lot 50x60 feet. . ¦>
CHOICE BUILDING LOTS.
North side of Chestnut St.. 124:3 feet west of
Van Ness ave., and south side of Francisco St.,
121:3 feet we3t of Van Ness ave., 10 lots, 27:6x
137:0 feet each. These 'lots are all graded and
ready for building, only a short distance from
Van Ness ave and Lombard st boulevards and
Black Point Reservation. Beautiful marine
view. High-class flats and residences only are
being built in this locality.
SOUTH OF GOLDEN GATE PARK.
West side of 44th ave., 200 feet south of J
St., near the ocean boulevard and park. Prop-
erty in this vicinity Is being rapidly improved
and there will be a wonderful advancement in
values In the near future; 25x100,
MISSION COTTAGE.
East side of Hampshire st. (No. 821), 219 feet
south of 20th,* good cottage of 4 rooms and high
basement; rents $12 per month; lot 25x100 feet.
GOLDENiGATE AVENUE CORNER LOT.
Southwest corner of Golden Gate ave and
Baker St., fine large corner lot, level and ready
for buildins. Handsome site for stores and
flats. In a location where good rents could
be obtained. V Lot 37:6x96:10.
WESTERN ADDITION COTTAGE..
West side (No. 2763) Octavia St.. 75 feet south
of Union, handsome sunny cottage. 6 rooms
and basement. Well-built and In first-class
condition. Choice neighborhood and conveni-
ent to car lines. Lot 31x72 feet.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO.,
638 Market st.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO.,
638 MARKET ST.
NORTHEAST CORNER OF LEAVENWORTH
ST. -A FULL 50-VARA.
$38,000 — Five houses on Leavenworth st. and two
houses on cross street; in a rapidly
growing portion of the city; magnificent
location for modern flats; present oM
) /.; improvements pays $3120 per annum.
CALIFORNIA-ST. IMPROVED PROPERTY.
$35,000— Three two-story and basement resi-
dences of .10-11-12 rooms and bath each
on the north side of California St., near
Polk, which at a small expense could
be remodeled into fiats and would pay
. handsomely; large lot 75:6x137:6 with
an L; rents $2352 per annum.
HAIGHT-ST. IMPROVED PROPERTY,
SOUTHEAST CORNER.
$26,000 — Six elegant ¦ modern flats and two
stores only, three years old : always
rented; fine neighborhood; rents $2280
per annum.
HYDE-ST. BUSINESS CORNER.
$20,(KK) — A fine corner 137:6x77 feet in a good lo-
cation; flats and houses at the pres-
ent time bringing In $1314 per annum;
modern improvements would pay hand-
'somely.
A MISSION HOME.
$5,000 — A beautiful home in the heart of the
Mission warm belt; new sanitary
i plumbing, porcelain tub and up to date
in every particular; lot "25x114 feet. -
INVESTMENTS.
$9,500 — Clementina.infar Second St.; rents $1236
per annum; lot 50x30 feet. , \ :
$5,200— Shipley St., near Fourth; rents $672 per
annum; lot 41:2x69 feet. •
$8,000 — Church St.. near -Twenty-eighth; rents
' $978 per annum; lot 51x100 feet.
' MORRIS ATE., NEAR HARRISON ST.
$4,900— Rents $792 per annum; lot 50x80 feet.
LANGTON ST.. NEAR HOWARD.' '
$3,500 — Rents $468 per annum; lot 2oxS0 feet.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO..
638 Market st.
HEADQUARTERS FOR . PARK LOTS.
GOOD NEWS FOR INVESTORS!
We have wonderful bargains to offer.
$75, $100 to $350^ — Be'st ocean boulevard and
level lots near Miesion st. cars; $5 monthly.
¦ J500 to $800— Graded and sewered, beautiful
Sunset lots; $10 monthly.
4 Sunset branch office,. Ninth ave., near H
street.
$400 to $S00— Richmond lots; $10 monthly.
$3200— Two-story residence, 9 rooms and
, bath, Larkin st., near Union st. cars; 233
105:9.
$1300 to $3CO0— Elegant modern cottages,
. Sunset and Richmond districts; easy terms.
-SOL GETZ & BROTHER,
Room 54, Chronicle building.
TWO choice sunny corners; just the location
for flats that never will be vacant; will pay
big Interest; surrounded with nice homes and
very desirable; Union and Pierce sts., north-
west corner, 37:6x110; street work done; ba-
salt blocks; stone pavement; suitable for 6
flats ; $3750.
Pierce and Filbert sts.. north of Union; 36x
82:6; street work done; Filbert is bltumenized;
4 flats can be built; $2350.
Both these corners are easy of access by the
Union-st. cable cars and any < one wanting to
Increase their Income will buy these lots.
W. J. QUNN. 530 California st.
OWNERS of property on Valencia, Guerrero
or Mission sts. who wish to sell call on W.
J. GUNN. 530 California st. .
$5500— GREATEST bargain in Presidio Heights,
3942 Clay St.: substantial 9-room aunny house;
perfect condition; latest plumbing; large
sunny lot: easiest Installment terms; Improv-.
ing neighborhood ; house open for Inspection.
JOSEPH NASH, 11 Montgomery st. . .
FOR sale— On Noe st., bet. 19th and 20th, . a
cozy little home; six rooms and bath; the
finest ever . off ered for a small price; every
3 modern improvement; fine basenient; lot 25x
125; everything strictly first class. DAVID
CONDON, owner and builder,
$1500 — TWO flats. of 5 and 6 rooms and stable:
overlooking the park; on sunny side of
the street; rents $45 per month; property
is cheap at $6000;- owner must have
money; size of- lot 25x137:6. JEROME
ENGLISH. 11 Montgomery st
A ' RARE chance to get house facing G. G.
Park; on car line; 6 large rdoms, baths, fin-
ished basement; all modern; easy terms. 1033
H st.. bet. 11th and 12th ave., south of Park;
take blue Cliff House line. , ¦
FOR SALE— As a whole or In subdivisions, 60-
vara lot, south line Union st. ; 137:6 feet east
of Pierce. , Lot, northeast corner Green and
Pierce sts., 103:6x137:6 feet. Inquire of
CHARLES C- BEMIS, .Real' Estate Broker,
324 Montgomery st. . t .;.
SELECT your lot anywhere, we will buy it for
you, erect a house to suit and sell it to you
• on very easy terms. THE MCCARTHY CO
646 Market st. ' % \ '
$2500— 7-ROOM house on small "street, near
Powell and Washington sts.; fine bay view a
snap. THE MCCARTHY CO.. 646 Market st.
MODERN residence desired by real. purchaser-
no agents; the location must be good; give
real name and location. Address box 48, . Call
\ office. ;¦¦ ¦. ¦ ¦ / ¦ -¦ .. ' . :, ' .:: •¦
PROPERTY for sale, lease and let in city and
country: new list written every day.". PAT-
TERSON &, CO.. 11 City Hall square. * ,
HOUSE N6.24G9 Mlsslon'st.^ near 20th, for sale-
to be removed. ; Apply 128 Chattanooga st. .'
BUSH, 1225— Nice large residence; could be turned
3 into flats; very sunny; 30x137:6; call and see.
OWNERS' of property or 'lots north of Vallejo
and west of Hyds as far as . Presidio and in
, Richmond, - north - of Park, and Mission i and
Homer's Addition; who want to sell, call on
\V.\ J. . GUNN. ,130 California St., S. F. Sav-
- ings Union building. ; : , ¦-.'¦
SIX, seven and eight I room cottages; also two
¦ flat houses in block between 17th, 18th, Castro
and • Noe sts. ; ,}M. cash, balance \ monthly, pay-
. ments; Castro or,Guerrero-8t. cars. F. ,NEL-
- SON, builder, v . . . > .
IF .you. want to : sell your ¦ real estate, city : or
': country, , bring It to * < ¦ — ,,
. -•¦'•.-., ;:i: THE PHELPS-LEWIS CO.,
•y ' 702 Market St.. 8.' F.
REAL ESTATE— CITY-— FOR VSALE;
A. M. SPECK & CO.; * ' ' '
... 667 Market St..
• Opposite Kearny st.,
. ; '¦¦ ¦• :,. Real .Estate Agents.
$175,000— Market St., near Sixth; 50-foot front-
age; fine brick building; rents $755.
; $100,000— Corner; 275x137:6;- splendid improve-
ments; Market st.; rents $361; fine building.
• $51,000— Sixth st. corner; l%"V.blocks from
Market St.; rents $325; fine building.-
$55,000— One-half block from the Orpheum;
stores and lodging-houses; rent $260 net.
$42,000— Sutter-st. corner/ east, of ¦ Jones st. ;
.3 frontages; 3 stores and lodging-house; SO feet
front. ' .'
$40, CCO— Sansome-st. corner; lot 70x130 feet;
rents about $250; want offer.
S40.0C0— Devlsadero-st. , business cornes; two
stores and seven flats; rents 1305. •:
f37,500— Ellis st., close to Taylor; new build-
ing; one tenant; leased with security; annual
rents about $2800. , ' ¦• ; '*'
$35.000— Mission st., near Fourth; fine ' brick
building; one tenant; rent $250. . .
$24,000— Cash invested in real estate vicinity
Alhambra Theater; will pay 12 per cent net;
rents $330; one tenant.
$17,500— Main St., .near Mission; cheapest buy
in this choice district.
$15,000— New Paciflc-ave. fiats; unobstructed
marine view; 30 ft. frontage; rents $115.
$15,000— Sansome-st. corner; wholesale dis-
trict; S3 feet frontage; rents $110.
. $7300— Four »ftw flats; rents $72; bon ton dis-
trict; residence within- 120 feet just sold for
$12,500.
• $5800— Corner; S.W. cor., Vallejo and Pierce
sts.: 45x112; cheapest corner ; lot on Paciiia
Heights. ' !
$4950— Two flats, only one-half block from
Market st. ; rents $40: cost $7560.
$3500 — A rare buy; 8-room house and lot, one
block from Market and Fifth sts.
A. M. SPECK & CO.,
667 Market st.
SUBURBAN tracts, near Burllngame and
waterworks. MARK LANE. 634 Market St..
opposite Palace Hotel. ¦—¦-¦.
REAL ESTATE— COUNTRY— For Sale
I ¦./¦,/ - j'4'i ¦ ¦'"¦;'*
BIGGEST sacrifice in California.' .
We are authorized to obtain an immediate
offer on one of the choicest fruit ranches of
31 acres In Alameda County, located In that
elegant fruit belt between San I^orenzo and
Hay wards, near railroad depot; fine place for
San Francisco merchant; city style residence;
fine barns; premises cost over $25,000; recently
reduced to $16,500; owner has mortgage and
Tnust sell ;¦ any reasonable quick offer consid-
ered; see us at once. /
LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE CO.,
. 4W-462 Eighth St., Oakland.
SPECIAL bargain— 160 acres land, near Yuba
City. Sutter County, short distance from
Marysyllle; all rich valley land under culti-
vation; grood buildings and well watered and
fenced; this land will be sold in whole or in
part at a very low price; also 140 acres, "all
under cultivation; rich valley land; good
buildings; well fenced; short distance . from
Yuba City, Sutter County; will be sold in
whole or in part to suit purchaser, and at an
extremely low price. The two above pieces
are situated In the heart of the fruit grow-
ing district of Northern California and should
be seen to be appreciated. It contemplating
purchasers will address box 4980, < Call office,
for Information a bargain will be given.
AN ideal country home of 23 acres; heart of
Santa Cruz Mountains, 62 miles from San
Francisco; elevation 1200 feet; unexcelled
place for private sanitarium; ocean view;
1458 full-bearing fruit trees; peaches, prunes,
cherries, walnuts, pears, apples, figs, chest-
nuts.
1800 vines choicest table grapes; full bear-
ing; 2500 vines Cornichon grapes 2 years old;
this season's crop goes with place; house, 8
rooms; barn and outbuildings; all furniture,
farming implements, livestock included.
Postof fice, church, school. 1 mile distant;
price $4250. . Address D. BRITTON, 432 Ellis.
FAMOUS Alta Punta Ranch.
In 5-acre subdivisions. . '. •
3 miles north of Berkeley, on San Pablo ave.
Easy terms. Low price. "
Plenty water. Good deep soil. *
5 mile? to station. - • ¦ '
McEWEN BROS., 118 Montgomery st.
— — FOR SALE NEAR SAN FRANCISCO — — '¦
Small tracts,- $60 to $90 per acre, on Rancho
Cotatl. Sonoma Co.; future value assured, as
San Francisco Is growing rapidly; location
best for poultry and general farming. ' Apply
to The Cotatl Co.. 302 California st.. for pam-
phlets or information. ¦ I - •
DAIRY land to lease; 1000 acres GO miles from
S. F. ; cheap rent; well equipped for dairy
purposes; cows for sale if desired. J. N.
KOWALSKY. Ill Battery St., S. F.
•CHANCE to secure Government claim in valua-
¦ Me salt deposit; call Sunday or Monday. F.
K. GROSSCUP, Baldwin House, 30 Ellis st.
POULTRY and dairy ranches for sale: write for
. free list. C. R. WINFIELD. Petaluma. Cal.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing, $1 per year.
REAL ESTATE WANTED.
LOT; 47th or 48th ave., ocean beach. .A. J.
YOST, Fruitvale P. O. •• .
REAL ESTATE TO - EXCHANGE.
FOR sale or exchange — 6 acres I and improve-
ments; just beyond the city limits. San Jos»:
\-alue $35C0; or will exchange for property in
San Francisco or Oakland and vicinity. Ad-
dress Owner, 334 Lincoln ave., San Jose. .
CLEAR lots and cash to exchange for cottage*;
no objection to mortgage; give description
and location. Box 56, Call office.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS,
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
SEE SOME OF OUR GREAT BARGAINS. "
Best locations at slowest prices.
A large selection to choose from.
Nothing like It ever offered before.
$1100— Lot 48:8x122; -cottage, 4 rooms.
$1100— Lot 48x148; 7-room -, house.
" $1100— Lot 30x101; fine 4-room and bath cottage.
$1800 — Lot 33:4x159; 7 rooms and bath; (snap).
$2300 — Lot 35x150; 8 rooms and. bath; fore-
closure. ' "¦ ¦
$2800— Lot 36x100; 8 rooms and bath; nearly
new. .
$2250— Corner lot, together'. with fine new 5-
room cottage. V \ ¦ • ¦•"¦ ¦
All the above on easy terms. Convenient v to
trains and schools.
Houses built, rented and exchanged.
ALAMEDA LAND COMPANY,
1500 Park st., Alameda.
Office open Sundays and "evenings.
$1550 — NEW modern 4-room cottage; lot 50x50;
sunny side street; fine location.
$600— Four- room cottage, furnished complete;
lot 35x70; $30 cash,' balance $10 per month.
$600 — Four- room cottage: lot 43x50; hard finish.
$1350 — Elegant 4-room cottage; $350 cash, bal-
/ance on mortgage at 8 per cent. .'
$2850— Seven-room house; lot 50x150; new~ and
modern; must be seen to be appreciated.
$5C00— Elegant modern home; large lot; stables,
'etc.; location finest in city; easy terms.
$2900— New modern 7-room cottage; easy terms.
If you want to buy, rent, . sell or exchange
write or call 'on
W. K. CONGER & CO..
1501 Park st.. Alameda.
DON'T OVERLOOK THIS AD.
$2500— 5-room cottage in one of the best parts
of town; lot 50x150; fruit trees; close to sta-
tions and schools; this is a. snap.
$3400— Modern . thoroughly up-to-date cot-
tage of 6 rooms. -with a fine basement; large
-lot: in the swellest part of town. - . ' -.:
Be sure and call on us for all your wants
In our line. Exchanges a specialty.
HAMMOND & HAMMOND,
-2326 Santa Clara ave.,. near Park st. "
FOR sale— New cottage of 6 rooms, now build-
ing; 1381 Weber st.. J. H. YOUNG, IMS Park
St., Alameda. - ;"
BARGAINS; Improved & unimproved property
acquiied by foreclosure: M cash. Bank of Ala.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS:
I1ERKBLOT :^EAL ; JSTATE.
$14C0— MODERN cottage of 5 rooms and bath.
. brick foundation, white enamel sink., tinted
- walls.- etc. ;; lot .40x100: convenient to station
and cars; easy terms. H. D. . IRWIN.
Lorin Station. , '.. ;' ¦¦¦-"..: ¦ ¦ -. -.-
$1800— MODERN cottage of 5 rooms and bath,
large hall, high basenient, porcelain bath
and sink; close to station. . H. D. IRWIN,
Lorin 'Station. ' . . - ¦¦ '
$1900r-Larrs lot, 50x120; modern cottage of 5
rooms and bath, high basement: strset work
done; a nice ' home; special terms. H." D.
IRWIN, Lorin Station..
$18C0— ON terms; 'a 7-room story . and: half
Gothic style house;, large rooms, double par-
. lors, - bath, porch, sunny and fine location ;
half block from electric cars and 5 minutes'
walk from local train to San, Francisco; near
Telegraph ave.. State University and" schools;
house virtually new; good condition; newly
painted; stable, loft, chicken yard, well and
fine water (city water also): fruit tries; lot
i 40x122; note . the size: discount for-cash or
part. GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO.. ',
'; ' , 1008 Broadway, ; Oakland.
$2500— A FINE new two-story house of 6 rooms,
large lot; street work ajl done; near. tha new
; high -, school: : ; r , ; -^'-' ¦ ; , ' , \> • .-.
$2000— New house • of ' 5 . rooms; • lot ; 60x130;
¦ fine barn, near high school. .; • .
; - $1400— House - of .5 rooms ; " lot - ; 50x130 ; near
• schoolhouse. ",:;-' <
¦ Apply -to .JOS. /J.- MASON. ¦
' . Real- Estate, Berkeley.
BERKELEY iDYERTISEMENTS
\ BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
$3750— BRAND hew modern home of 7 rooms,
etc.; large lot fully Improved; near. college
grounds; terms to suit. - ¦ ¦" --V . ' • v
. ¦ . '.; MAY.& MORTIMER. Berkeley Station.
$"800— PRETTY new home of 5 rooms and bath;
lot 42x140; fully Improved; grand view of bay;
near cars and college. ¦ ~ ...
. V MAY & MORTIMER, Berkeley Station. .
$2750— HERE ¦ is a snap! New home of 6 rooms
and bath; plumbing A No. 1; 2 large lots, 100
xl35; fenced and cross-fenced; well built barn;
house is exceedingly well, built; worth $35C0;
owner must sell on account of. moving nearer
to his business; Vi down.
MAYA MORTIMER, Berkeley Station.
MODERN house. 6 rooms and bath, pantry, hot
¦ and cold water; brick foundation and wooden
mantel; lot 50x135; fine garden; convenient to
: church, schools, station, etc.; price $1850; easy
' terms.'
¦ New modern 6-room house, near station;
large lot; only $1600; small payment down,
balance same as rent.
Good house of 5 rooms, situated near sta-
tion; lot SOxlOO; price $1400; terms same as
rent. •
¦¦ ¦: ¦ HOME REALTY CO..
Successors to RUDOLPH, PERKINS &
LYON and J. R. PERKINS. Lorin Station.
. Berkeley, Cal. ' Office east side of track.
HOMES IN BERKELEY.
$2200— 6-room cottage with large lot; decidedly
a splendid bargain; $1850— 6-room house; terms
very easy in amount down and monthly pay-
ments; $2700— New 6-room house, $200 down, $£>
per month; $1650— New 6-room house; easy
terms; $2000 — 5-room, nearly new cottage; no
finer view In Berkeley; $4000 — 7-room house; in a
fine neighborhood; splendid bargain; - easy
terms; $2650— New 6-room house; modern in
every way; $350 down, $25 per month.
SATOFF & WILLIAMS,
_ 2121 Center st., Berkeley. Cal.
NO. 114— $5700; beautiful 10-room house, large
lot, close to U. C. grounds; one of the finest
homes In Berkeley. .
No. 216 — $1600; 6-room cottage, close to elec-
j trie and steam cars; easy payments. ¦
No. 219— $2000; 7-room house, well, windmill,
etc.; large lot. ¦¦> .
¦ $500— Lot . 100x135; south front; cheapest lot
¦ in town. • - ¦ ¦ . •
S. S. QUACKENBUSH.
' Real Estate and Insurance,
. . ' ¦ Opp. First National Bank.
$3000— DO you want a bargain? Just look at
this.; .fine house and lot. house In perfect
order. • containing 6 rooms, together with a
fine, corner lot 60x100; street work all done;
only one block from station, and within 5
minutes of university grounds.
: . JOSEPH J. MASON.
. Real Estate. Berkeley Station.
$3300— -NEW 9-room house, ready for occupancy,
equipped with window shades, combination
fixtures, gas and electric lighting; corner lot;
street work all done; very accessible to rail-
road and electric cars.
Only $1400 — 5-room house, large lot. within
walking distance of - university.
JOS. J. MASON,
Real Estate, ' Berkeley Station.
BARGAIN In 8-room house, with all modern
' improvements: corner lot In desirable loca-
tion: owner sells owing to removal south. J.
H. LOGIE.v 713 Market St., San Francisco.
FRUITYALE ADVERTISEMENTS
.FRUITVALE REAL ESTATE.
H. A. PLEITNER. Fruitvale 'Station. Cal.
$630 — New cottage of 3 large rooms, fine lo-
cation; only 3 blocks from electric cars ; city
water; easy payments.
$1075— Cottage of 4 rooms; 3 closets; high base-
ment; all cemented; lot 55x105; connected with
main sewer; only 4 blocks from Fruitvale sta-
tion. '
$1150 — House of 5 rooms and bath; stable; 3
chicken houses; fine well, windmill and tank;
fruit and shade trees; lot 100x126; all fenced
and cross-fenced.-
-. $1650 — New modern cottage of 4 large rooms
and bath; high basement; good brick founda-
tion; chicken house, etc.; lot 75x200; fronting
on two streets; fine location.
For sale in East Oakland. $1050— $100 cash and
tl'i monthly will buy a pretty cottage of 4
large rooms and bath; high basement; good
brick foundation: fruit trees; lot 35x100; good
neighborhood and a bargain.
. Chicken ranch of 1 acre; house of 5 rooms,
etc.; barn, cowshed, pigeon house, 4 chicken
houses, 1 brooder house and brooder; good
well, windmill and tank; water piped all over
place; one buggy, 1 incubator, good cow, 136
chickens; 6 dozen pigeons, geese, tools, etc.,
all for $2200. i
A lovely home residence of 11 rooms with
all modern Improvements; large corner lot 100
x200; beautiful ornamental grounds; fine lawn,
choice fruit trees, etc: located in the choicest
"part of Fruitvale;. "price reduced to $4500.- For
particulars apply to ...
H. A. PLEITNER. Fruitvale Station. Cal.
$300»-HOUSE of 6 rooms and bath; near Elm-
' hurst; ehicken-houses, barn and city
water; 2 blocks from car line; lot 45x145;
Sll 20 per month; no payment down.
$1200— Two-story houfe. 7 rooms, almost new;
large barn; lot 45x145; 2 blocks from car
line; $16S0 per month or $1200 cash will
buy this home; title guaranteed. '
$1500 — House of 5 rooms and bath; 2 blocks from
station; large lot; small cash payment,
balance same as rent.* -
S1500— House of 6 rooms and bath; 1 block from
car line, 2 blocks from schoolhouse; no
payment down. $21 per month.
THE HOME BUILDING COMPANY, south
side of railroad track, Fruitvale ave. W. E.
RUDELL. . ¦". . . '
PAYING poultry ranch for sale; East Four-
teenth st, 2 blocks west of High St., Fruit-
vale; if you want a bargain call to-day or
Monday. W. F. CUTLER. '
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
A SPECIAL OFFERING.
" Take' your choice of 5 elegant two-story, 8-
room residences Just completed; magnificent
exterior and interior arrangement; location
right in the choicest location of Oakland;
price $4000 to $4500; terms to suit; special bar-
. gains for cash over mortgages of $3000 and
$3500 each}
LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE CO.,
' 460-462 Eighth St.. Oakland.
A MAGNIFICENT, suburban home, situated
near the beautiful hills of Berkeley; 6 acres
of choicest fruit and shrubberies; specially
constructed residence; 10 rooms; all modern
appointments; premises have cost $25,000;
price reduced to $12,500; a great sacrifice.
LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE CO.. '
460-462 Eighth St.. Oakland.
A BANK SALE. ¦-"¦'
$2300; $250 cash, $20 a month; near Telegraph
ave.; beautiful new 2-story Colonial home;
6 rooms, percelain bath, mantels, folding
doors, tubs, 2 toilets; street complete: nlca
neighborhood; the bank don't want the house;
selling less than co3t to place .under interest;
immediate possession: In fine 'order.
LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE CO..
460-462 Eighth st., Oakland.
$20,000— UNUSUAL SACRIFICE—
Mortgage $12,000, 6^ per cent, can remain.
Offer wanted— Cash or trade.
Magnificent ' Lakeside District residence. 15
rooms, large lot;. interior of house handsome-
ly planned, expensively finished; must be
' seen i to be appreciated. Absolute sale. .Our
authorization Is for immediate disposal, j Of-
fers wanted. Full Information at office.
LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE CO.,
A SPECIAL little snap— $1450, for a modern,
cozy home. ¦ This cannot be duplicated ; be-
tween 2 car lines in northern part of the" city;
I - street complete; Dutch Colonial, 4 rooms, re-
I ceptlon hall, porcelain bath. gas. toilet, man-
tel: about 1 year Old; 30-foot lot; $250 cash,
I balance $1200 to the bank. See immediately.*
1" LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE CO..
. / 460-462 Eighth st. Oakland.
SPECIAL BARGAINS. H ~~ ~
. ¦ REAL SNAPS. ¦ (
Call and See These ¦ Fine New Houses.
. iZZUi-~ Xew hom» of 7 rooms, bath and laucdry;
.' ¦ . just completed: close In town. ; v .
•4CC0 — New house of 8 rooms and bath; must be
soM: fine location.- ;'
;«5CC— New liouje 8 rooms and bath; on a fine
¦ residence street.
AI»o » number of new homes in course ot con-
ttruction. . . - .•
, . . , - A. J. SNYDER.
; r .487 Ninth st.. Oakland.
BARGAINS r OF GEO. ' B. M. GRAY, . -
r:.----.- ' ¦ ., ,- -,. 454 .Ninth St.'.. -. . '.. -¦_-:. .
¦ $2400 — 3 acres of land, not far from Telegraph
ave.; former price. twice the amount; sacrifice.
, ' An elerant : home in Lakeside district; 10
roon-s, etc.; ; only $5250; worth $7500. . ,
- New home of 7 rooms, laundry and bath:, all
latest imnrovements; splendid location: beau-
tiful grounds; plate glass windows; only $3300;
$2800. can remain/ flat loan at 8 per cent. • • ¦
: $5SC0— Elegant new house ' of 9 rooms, laun-
dry and bath; Nob Hill of East Oakland; large
lot; terms if . desired. ;. . i. O-* „••
HOUSES 'of i every . description ¦ and nrice . for
sale or rent. Apply to W. E. BARNARD,
' 1118 • Brcadway; : telephone Main 10. ', ¦ „
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
REDUCED to $5300 for a quick sal*; elegant
.modern home; sunny corner, only one. block
from station; 10 rooms; elegant view; finely
finished basement; S-foot brick foundation ;
steam furnace. 2 baths: house newly paint-
ed; convenient and prominent location for a
local physician or business man; lot 60x100;
lawn front and back; shade trees, flowers and
shrubbery; cost $11,000; a fine investment.
GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO..
1008 Broadway. Oakland.
$1SOO— In Piedmont; modern Eaatlalte cottas*
of 5 large rooms; 2 bay windows, bath, laun-
dry, high basement; lot 50x110 feet; sunny-
side; elevated ground; choice location; right
near the cars; will be sold on monthly pay-
ments if desired. •
' GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO..
Exclusive Agents for this Property,
¦ ¦ - •• 1003 Broadway, Oakland.
S25OO-$10O DOWN, balance monthly; brand ne*r
home of S fine, large, sunny rooms; porcelain
bath and sink: elevated lot; 40x120 (note the
size) near Grove st: street work all done; &
pretty cosy home at a sacrifice.
GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO..
- IOCS Broadway. Oakland.
S1600— $100 DOWN, balance small monthly pay-
ments; two-story. 8-roomed house, with bath,
hall, bay -window, basement, etc., all newly
painted, papered and tinted; in first-class
condition; north or sunny side; 3 blocks from
local station: street work aJl done; stone
walks in front and about the house: insured
for $1200: bank loan now $1100: can. be In-
creased; good neighborhood; dose to schools,
churches and train; chance to get a big bar-
gain if taken at once; title perfect; rent
value $15 per month; only $1600 on monthly
payments; liberal discount for quick cash
sale; house not occupied and can be seen at
any time; investigate at once; keys at tte
Office of ' •• -
GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO.'.
Excluslv* Agents for this Property,
. , . 1008 Broadway. Oakland.
$2230 — NEARING completion, cozy 5-roonvd
- cottage, with high basement; brick founda-
tion and every modern convenience: will fin-
ish the house to suit the buyer; lot 35x100
feet: sunny side; street work all done: easy
. terms If desired; can have more land to th«
extent of 100 feat adjoining at a moderate
price.
GEO. W. AUSTIN h CO.. j
1008 Broadway. Oakland.
$1(500 — HOUSE. 5 rooms and bath, corner 20th
ave. and 20th st.. East Oakland;' $20O
cash, balance $11 20 per month. ' -
J10CO— House, 4 rooms; No. 1067 21at st./ be-
tween 20th and 21st aves.; $14 p«r month
will buy this place.
$1350 — House. 5 rooms and bath: half block east
of Piedmont ave.. on Monte Vista ave.;
. small cash payment, balance to suit
$J500— House of 7 rooms; modern In every r»-
spect; 1 block from Piedmont car; on
Glen ave.; terms to suit. . . . -
$2500 — Lovely modern -house . of « rooms and
bath; 36th St.. between Telegraph ave.
and Grove St.; cash or Installment plan.
1C500— Large residence of 12 rooms and bath:
¦ ¦ fireplace in every bedroom, also steam
radiator: decorated gardens; large barn
and outhouses: lot 150x140 feet; corner
18th ave. and 15th St.; keys at property
V every day between 4 and 5 p.m.; reason-
able terms.
W. E. RUDELL.
i 222 Sansome St.. San Francisco.
$2400— 7-ROOM COTTAGE.
All modern conveniences; built by owner
for home at a cost of 13500; owner's business
In Los Angeles; no use for the property; haj
instructed us to sell at best offer obtained.
J. S. MYERS & CO..
. 1002 Broadway. Oakland. Cal.
$2750— AN IDEAL 6-ROOM COTTAGE.
A sightly elevation on Vernon Heights, ad-
Joining Senator Perkins': it is a beauty; must
be sold; lot 50 feet frontage: everything in
perfect order, in fact, almost brand new; no
reserve on this; first come, first served.
J. S. MYERS 8c CO.,
1002 Broadway. Oakland. Cal.
SOUND INVESTMENTS FOR CAPITALISTS^
Hotels for sale.
Lodging-houses.
Grocery stores.
Hardware stores.
Drug stores.
Fifty good farms for sale: some for exchange.
Bustness property paying 6 per cent net on
Investment. • -
ColonV property from to 10 to 23.000 acres.
Thirty-page catalogue of California homes.
Large list: may exchange.
See E. E. BUSCE for all bargains. 952 Broad-
way. Oakland. _^^^^^^^^_^
$300 CASH, $3 50 monthly; 5-room cottage and
high basement, water in house, barn. shed,
fine nursery adjoining: lot 62x340 feet; fine for
chicken run; half block to electric car line
and 2 blocks from a wide boulevard and fine
public school; grand view; well sheltered and
level; fronting on main county road: adjoin-
ing East. Oakland: price all told, $1600. Call
or send for circular, 455 Seventh st.. eppoeita
Broadway station. Oakland; carriage free.
H..Z. JONES. Land Owner. -¦
FOR sale— Modern well built T-room 2-story
'house. Just completed; lot 50x130; fine loca-
tion on Tenth ave.. East Oakland; one block
from car line; 15 minute service to Broad-
way: short distance to grammar school; rea-
sonable- walking distance from 4 churches;
good neighborhood; elevated ground: price
and terms reasonable. Inquire of B. H.
WELCH. Owner. Fifth ave. and Eighteenth st
OAKLAXD FOR SALE.
AN introduction to you from H. Schellhaas, tb»
furniture dealer. 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
ROOMS FOR. HOUSEKEEPING.
CASTRO, 429, near Seventeenth — 2 privat*
housekeeping; furnished complete; laws;
flowers; no children.
ELLIS. 1622— Three rooms furnished oompleta
for housekeeping.
ESSEX, 12 {Rlncon Hill)— Large sunny room
for 3 gentlemen; also housekeeping rooms.
FOLSOM, 525— Sunny furnished front- suits,
light housekeeping. $2 25 a week. -
FOLSOM. 620— Reor>ened, large rooms on. first
floor for families with children; large ground.
GEARY, 56&— Neatly furnished housekeeping
rooms; bath on floor. ¦
GOLDEN GATE ave.. 409 — Alcove and kltchaa
complete; furnished; adults only.
GOUGH, 115— Sunny handsome parlor; modern:
mantel; grate; gas range; phone; bath; »15.
HOWARD, 1063 — 2 completely furn. sunny con-
necting rooms; running water; range; CO.
HYDE, 319— Three furnished rooms for house-
keeping; bath Included; references requlred-
LEAVEN WORTH, 207— Nicely furnished sunny
light housekeeping rooms. $8 to $12.
LINDEN ave., 316, near Gough— 1 large sunny
front room for man and wife; use of kitchen.
MINNA. 28—3 sunny furnished front house-
keeping rooms and single rooms.
MINNA, 606, near Seventh— Housekeeping)
rooms. • •
OAK. 119— Two sunny parlors, furnished for
housekeeping: yard, range, gas. 2 beds.
O'FARRELL. 917 — Three nice unfurnished
housekeeping rooms and bath and use of
laundry. .
PACD7IC ave.. 1818, near Polk— Beautiful Iarg»
sunny room, furnished or . unfurnished, for
married couple or ladles, and use of kitchen
if desired. .
POWELL. 1401—2 or 3 large sunny connecting;
housekeeping rooms; gas and bath; sink.
SOLAR FLATS, B25 Turk— Fine; new; Chicago
style; 1 to 5 room suites for housekeeping;
unfurn. and furnished; electricity; Janitor.
4 SUNNY front rooms for housekeeping In up-
per flat: bath and gas stove. 1422 Thirteenth
ave.. East Oakland. ¦.
THE Bell, 1773 Market— Sunny housekeeping
suites of 2 or 3 rooms, $10 up; others $6.
THIRD, 625 — 3 unfurnished rooms for house-
' keeping with use of bath and washtubs. ¦
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2300 FUlmora st.
A~BRANCH office for CaU advertisement* and
subscriptions Bas been established at 1934
Valencia at.
ROOMS TO LET— Furn. andl'nfnrn,
- ROOMS . TO LET.
A— FOR rooms, apartments, housekeeping, fur-
nished, unfurnished, with or without board,
finest in city, see ELDER ROOM RENTINO
CO.. 22 Kearny St.; tel. 2334 Red.
AHLBORN HOTEL. 321 Grant ave.— Best $1 a
day family hotel in city; polite attendance;
large rooms. SOc up: meals, 25c; free coaca.
A— BRUNSWICK HOUSE, 148 Sixth— Rooms.
25c to $1 per night; $1 25 to $5 per week and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
ARGYLE. 234 McAllister— New, elegant, sunny;
grill attached; country visitors find no plac«
like the Argyle; take McAUlster-st. car. ¦
AT Shasta House. !46 Third— 200 rooms; nawly
renovated: 25c to 75c. $1 to $3 week.
BACHELOR Hotel. IS Mason st— 100 newly tat-
- nished rooma, $1 50 per week up; elevator,
electric lights in every room, return call bells;
• first-class; quiet; central. - -- ..
BRAD,Y, 44—2 or 3 furnished or unfurnished]
;* rooms .for housekeeping. . -¦ -
BURNETT.-. 1428 Market <Old No. 1364)— Fur-
nlsbed rms.. suites, single; also unfurnished.
CLIFFORD, 204 Ellis, corner Mason— Elegantly
, furnished sunny. rooms: prices reasonable.
;EDriY; ! 106— Sunny 'suite; also single rooms.
EDDY, 210— Newly furnished elegant singis
- and - double rooms; , running water; - terms
.-'moderate. ' .^ ¦..¦¦¦ : . •-
For Additional Classified AdvertlM^
xnents See Pago Thirty _ J\Eeulah ,ChaDter';cf -the- Order of the
Eastern; Star. was. attended : by/s'a : Jarge
number of Its members last Monday night
and quite a number of. visltorsramong the
Vrhe Eastern Star.
The* Native Daughters:
Past President MollleB. Johnson, Grand
Secretary , MJss ' Laura J; Frakes and'sev
eral others the \ guests - of Grand
Vice President Keith last ..week at a select
reunion.. .¦„ :- : . ¦ . ; '
* On the 2Sth of August Past Grand Pres
idents; Mollie B. 'Johnson 'and Lena ;H.
Mills, Grand, Secretary Laura J. Frakes,
Dr. ; Florence ".Temple of Darina 4 Parlor,
Louise 'Litsch and 'sister of "Lassen View
Parlor and Rose. Larsen of [Sutteri Parlor
were guests at -an' at ; home glven'at" the
Native. Daughters'; Home. A. very, pleas
ant evening was'spent. ¦ . ". ¦ " •¦; - . ..
Past Grand Presidents' Johnson} Wit-
The entertainment slven . by Yosemlte
Tribe of the Improved Order of Red Men
on the 27th of August in the council cham
ber of . the • Post-street wigwam was at
tended by a very large number | of mem
bers .and - friends. The programme ; pre
sented by C.F.Granz.wy. Goldman. and
G. . H. Stein, the ; committee of arrange
ments, was of high-class numbers and
was greatly, appreciated by all. Those who
took part were: J. Harris. E. Lastreto, E
A ,2 a . m ?V Mlss l Por tland, - "the only Fran
cft, Messrs; Brown, and ¦ Kemier, Miss
Monahan, JMiss Scheller; ; Captain - Kellar
Professor Sawbell and Professor Graber'a
mandolin . club. The next social on the
Improved Order of Red Men. v s
Fraternal Brotherhood.
San Francisco Lodge of the Fraternal
Brotherhood at Its meeting on the 23d of
(August initiated five strangers and re
ceived several applications. The social
features that this lodge has introduced
after business meetings has had the ef
fect of Increasing the attendance,
Lodge reports a member
ship of 210, a good number for a lodge
but five months old.
_ Reports frcm VaUejo and.Napa are to
the effect that the lodges there are In
creasing In membership.
Organizers are out working for the.
lodges in Gilroy, Hollister and Salinas.
Supreme Actuary C. W. Stone asserts
that many new members were admitted
during July.
Inter Noa Circle has lost by death one
of its esteemed members, Mrs. Dora Shan
nabrooke, sister of Past Chief Companion
M"<- P-H. Coyle. Her funeral was at
tended by many of the members, who for
a distance preceded the bearse.
The party that was to have been given
by Robin Hood Circle last month, but
which had to be' postponed on account of
the death of a member, will be given on
the 25th ir.st.
American Companions.
The. socials given by the lodges of this
order are always well attended and give
pleasure . to all who are invited. ¦¦¦-'
San Francisco Lodge has under consid
eration a proposition to form an orches
tra to assist In the socials it has in con
templation. > . ; ;, r.
SanFrancisco lodge initiated seventeen
strangers during August, and California
Lodge has several on. whom to confer the
degrees. ¦ -. - - - , ¦ ¦ ¦
The first Grand Lodge v of the United
Moderns was held in Los Angeles August
20 and 21, the supreme vice chancellor pre
siding. The election resulted in, the choice
of the following named: T. G. Hodgkins,
grand regent: T. H. Hour, chancellor; W.
J. Burke, orator; A. C. Hesben., guide; T.
Wood, warden; F. B. Veasy, recorder; W.
Codier. financier; S. C. Wallis, M. R. Har
land, E.W.Jakobs, W." Burke and O. F.
Jones, executive committee.: S. C. "Wallis
will represent the order at the Supreme
Lodge session, to be held this month at
Denver. Colo. . Of .these officers, Hodg
kins, Wallis and Jakobs are from . San
Francisco. The last named will be ap
pointed grand inside , watchman. During
the session of the grand body the work
was exemplifi&J ; by teams from lodges in
Los Angeles. At the close of the session
there was a banquet. The next session
of the grand body will be held In 1905. at
a place to be ' selected , by the executive
committee. -- ¦ - ...
United Moderns.
T R Scott. Chgo
G A Boomer, Chgo'
S T Britten. Menlo
C Carmodv, Menlp
G S Cutler, Callstoga
G E Lytle, Chicago
F W Hoffman, St Lou!
Mrs H D Harver, Spo
.ltan»
Mrs M T Parsons, Cal
C Denman, Petaluma
J-M Shaffer. Kern
N J Brown & w, Idaho
Mrs J Llndsey, Fresno!
Mrs M C Wilbur, Cal!
Miss M Scott, P Alto I
W W Lelthsad. L Anp
Mrs M A Halgh. Cal
C R Basford, Cal s
L May J>etroy, Cal
J M Steel, ¦ Portland
J V Richards, . Spokane
A J Wilson, Los Ang
W J . Knox, Louisiana. |
K H Knox. Louisiana I
H Meeker, Pac Grove
Mrs J T Barnes, S Jose
Miss M Green.' S Jose
Grace Simpson, Cal
A J Haukner, Idaho
H A Fltzhugh, Beau
mont
A Blakeslee & w. Oakd
R D Tracey, Brooklyn
C E Ferryman & w
'Stockton
C XV Schweitzer; Nev
Miss M Solars, Stocktn
G Lawrence, S Mateo
J Brunnel, Stockton
W C Ayres & w, Cal
W C Lamb. Reno
J "Waron,; Reno '
D Pratt & w. Frultval
Mrs T Glberson,* N Y
Miss M Giberson, N Y
Mips II Glberson, N Y
E E Henderson, Cal
C L Hayward, Cal
F S R Prentiss, Ohio
Dr " J J") Wrenrf & w ,
Placerville
B A Torvne. Sacto
C E , Harrison. Sacto
S S, Hall. Sacto
C R Heath & v/, Cal
K D Metzgfir, Cal .- '"
J E T Pike & ¦ w. Sac
Miss H Pike, Sacto
W*A Crowell, Auburn
J- H Condon, Seattle
Mrs Brockelhurst, Lon
don . . . .
G Donahue, Iowa
H G Bidwell, Sacto
F Treskow. Crockett
PALACE HOTEL.
D P McRae & w, Seatl'
D W Field, Dawson ;.
D Ilodgsdon, Berkeley
DE Thompson, U S N
II "\V Smith, Sacto ~
W* Dennison, S Mateo
J G Wagner^ Berkeley
A Campbell. Chicago
C L Bundy, S Monica
H II Gerhard. Texas
"W L Cohn. NY •
W G Filer, Salt Lake
"\V F Snyder, Salt Lake
E Jennings, ¦ Salt . Lake
\V B Duvall, ¦ Denver .
G Gauong & w. Can
J H Walton & w, Chgo
Miss ' Walton, . Chicago
Mrs Prescott, Chicago!
H n- McCoy. Bakersflrlj
"\V. G? Chanslor. L Angi
Mrs J F Earl. N Y |
W Ramsdell, S Diego
T E Dennis. London-
C G Megrue. N Y ....
R C Glllis. S Monica:
L Phillips i & w, L Anjf-
T-HIUnaan & w, Ala
Mrs Conner, Alabama
T J Fleming -LAne
H Huckel, Vienna
K Hollenetein, Melbrne
k x Stlnson, L Ang
H L Collins. Pi ttsburg
Mrs Back,' Chicago
Miss Beck.' Chicago '
H Uws & w,- Stanford
H L Roberts, Stanford
R L Wyatt, Phlla; *
H F Brown, NY' "
W W Chapln. 1 Sacto
D Stone & w, Chicago
E J Sklllman.-N Y °
A Carney & . w, Cal
E Cleve. Nottingham
D Smith & w, Spokane
J Thomas & w. London
Mrs. Hayes, S Rafael
Mrs C • A -. Spreckels,
- J'aris :i ¦: • ¦ .. . . .,
Miss L Spreckel3. Paris
"\V. H Thornton; NT
H S Patterson,- CInn I
The world has no use for ':a?faultltss
man.' Nobody, can make any money out of
him. . -MHi.iWKflafiajMfiiiMMEBBi'f •-••.-. .
GRAND HOTEL.
HOTEL AEBIVALS.
Grand Master Nichols has announced
the following visitations for September:
Second ¦ inst., El ;. Dorado | Lodge, Sacra
mento; 3d, Cosurhnes, Latrobe; 4th,.Dia
mond Springs, Diamond Springs; 5thi Co
loma, Coloma; 6th, Mienota. Georgetown:
7th, Morning Star, Placer; 9th, Alemania.
San Jose; loth,. Gilroy, Gilroy; 11th, Ali
sal, Salinas: l£th, Hol.Ister, Hollister; 13ih,
Monterey, Paciric Grove; 17th, Tuolumne,
Columbia; ISth, Sonora, Sonora; 19th, Big
Oak Flat; 2Oth. Stanislaus. Knights Ferry;
21st, Lafayette, La Grange.
Henrj' George, - for sixty-nine terms
treasurer • of Golden . Gate Encampment
and for a number of years treasurer of
the Grand Encampment, on last 'Satur
day resigiv*rl from both offices on account
of illness, which has kept him to his home
for a long time and which may keep him
there for an indefinite period. The camp
has appointed a committee to express the
appreciation of the camp for his faithful
services. , - ¦
,The illustrated lecture that was deliv
ered-on the 23d of August before At>o11o
Lodpre and a large number of, its friends
by Past Grand G. G. Burnett was a most
interesting and Instructive one. For two
hours the audience was entertained with
an account of the Paris Exposition, a trip
along, the Riviera, the southern coast of
France and of Italy. The*lecture was il
lustrated with views taken by ; . the .lec
turer^ and colored -.by Mrs. Bu'rnett. v . The
lecture was especially meritorious for the
newness of the' subjects presented.? Mr.
Burnett was introduced -in a. few appro
priate; remarks by Frank.. Van Ness Cox,
noble grand of . the lodge. ¦ \- • .
Last Friday Apollo -, Lodge Initiated
strangers into the mysteries of the or
der, ,ths "work being -done by' the new
officers. . ' '¦;' . . v -'
On the 23d of Ausrust. Brigadier General
H. O. Brower arrl stnff paid a ¦ visit to
Canton Oakland No. .11. on .which occa
sion Canton Danville No. o, by special in
vitation, was present and conferred; the'
patriarch militant degree on efghten
campment members of the I. O. O. F. The
evening's * work j .was -. followed by " a ban
quet and a general good time. Tho follow-"
ing night the general and his staff visited
Canton »Valle.io , No." 16, where • the degree
was conferred on ten. candidates.
.'Fidelity; Lodge .will, give one of its bril
liant : entertainments ; to-morrow • night.'
Odd Fellowship.
. The new company of the Uniform Rank
recently organized at Carters will be mus
tered In by Brigadier General McGlashan
on the 7th inst., and he will be assisted by
the Stockton company.
Grand Chancellor Calkins visited the
lodge at South San Francisco last week,
and he. also paid an official visit to Bay
City Lodge. Last Thursday night he wa3
with the lodge in San Rafael.
Zerin Kapl Temple D. O. K. K. of the
Knights of Pythias held a meeting last
night for the purpose of completing ar
rangements to go to Sacramento during
Pythian day and night in that city and
assist In the entertainment for members
of the order who may wish to travel over
the trackless sands of the desert. Three
new camels have been secured, and these
will be In fine condition to carry tne
searchers for Oriental wonders to destina
tion. They will be taken to the well,
where they may partake of the zemzem
of eternal youth, so they may be In pre
sentable shape when brought before the
mysterious old man of the cave, who will.
If he finds them worthy, place them on
the high road to success.
The encampment of the Third Regi
ment at» Coronado Beach was a great
success, so say the papers of that vlcln-
Knights of Pythias.
The social given by Silver Spray Lodge
in Excelsior' Hall on the 27th of August
was well attended and very successful.
The exercises, unusually Interesting and
entertaining, consisted of a piano and vio
lin duet by Mrs. Walter Malloy and Mrs.
Cole; topical songs. Grand Receiver Sara
Booth; vocal selections, Brother Herzog;
recitations. Miss Pearl Miller, Rita Ins
keep and Brother Foote of Golden West
Lodge. The music for the dancing which
followed was .furnished by Mrs. Malloy
as pianist and Mrs. Cole as violinist. It
was late in the night before the social
function of Silver Spray was declared at
an end. : . . . " ¦ .
Degree' of Honor.
, Vallejo Lodge,- which has initiatory
work at "every meeting; has now, 153 mem
bers, with eight applications to act upon.
Brothers Cooper and Connolly are among
tho most ~ active wdlkers for the. lodge,
always on the lookout for. new material.
The new lodge recently . established ; In
Honolulu promises to become the swell
lodge- of "a the order.* < It .is not' yet six
months old, has a membership of 150 and
had fifteen • applications . on the 15th "of
last -month. The initiation ' fee ; Is $100.
."When the lodge has 200 names on its roll
the fee will be ?250, and when the 300 limit
isreached the fee will' be $500. The lodge
had on the. date named $6000 in bank and
was issuing bonds to a. lot and
build thereon an Elks'- hall that will cost
$50,000. . : ;¦ ¦ . :¦ ¦ . . - -';y:-.V
I San Francisco Lodge of the Protective
land Benevolent Order of Elks now has a
j membership of 453, has eighteen strangers
] elected and ready to be initiated and nine
| applications to be . passed upon. It has
more .than $12,500 In bank. The lodge is
arranging for a, ladles' night in Septem
ber, and an excursion to Vallejo is being
talked of. John N: Odell declares that the
exertion of the "woouen heads", in pre
paring for the wooden anniversary 'of the
lodge were such that all -the members of
the committee will have to take\a vaca
tion for three weeks. Gus Radke has
just returned from a visit East and re
ports the (order booming there. " Exalted
rlluler Thomas E. Dunne says that he. will
make good use during the sessions. of the
lodge of- the handsome gold-mounted
g-avel presented to it by- Vallejo Lodge.
Brother Purrington, who at this time is
I the most popular Elk in this city, is mov
! ing around in a most mysterious manner
in regard to matters connected with the
order, but he declines to make known
what he. has -in prospect. Charles H.
Ward will: leave for the East in Septem
ber, to be absent six weeks.'
Oakland Lodge reports an excess of 500
members and asserts that it has a large
bank account. Brother Hanifin, the pop
ular secretary, has the trout - fever very
bad, so every Sunday goes to the moun
tains to catch. fish. Chairman Mathews
of ' tlie reunion committee -is working to
secure 500 Elks to go on a three days'
camp at Capitola-on September 7; 8 and 9.
Brother 'Murgotten of San Jose, who
was in this city last week, reports that
the 'lodge- in the Garden City now has a
membership of 250 and that the. new hall
will soon- bf. ready, for occupancy. .
The Los Angeles Lodge is making great
preparations for a ladies' night In Octo
ber. ¦ - ;i • '¦.-.. • ¦
The Elks.
. The entertainment under the title of
"Hard Times Party" by Martha "Washing
ton Council of the Daughters of Liberty.
August 29, was well attended and the at
tire of the many who were present gave
the impression that hard times had in re
ality struck - the council. Despite that,
there was a short .programme of enter
tainment, then a dance and a collation of
hard tack and cold water. Those who en
tertained were S. M. Roberts, Catherine
Cattaran, Ralph M. Krowell,- Hazel Dn
gan. vv. Varco and Ada Kilgour. Lillian
Lord and Iva Knowlton were the com
mittee of arrangements. This council \s
arranging for another social function be
fore the close of the year. Last week a
number of the members of this -council
took a moonlight bus ride Into San Mateo
County and while In front of a roadside
inn to water the horses a water pipe burst
and drenched a number of the party who
were In one of the buses, but all prom
ised to keep the names secret. The ques
tion now in the council Is "Who got wet?"
Daughters of Liberty.
Court Apollo, which has changed Its
meeting nights to the second and fourtn,
Mondays, at its last held meeting Initi
ated four strangers. At Its next meeting
on the 23d Inst. It will have a jollification,
night, smoker included. - ¦
The committee of the Champion Court
is still making visitations to the courts
to Interest the membership In making an
adition to the auxiliary. These visitations
will be kept up until all the courts shall
have been visited.
Independent Foresters.
Walhalla,. the German Rebekah Lodge
of this city., is the first of the lodges to
respond to the call for the aid asked to
establish and maintain a hospital at the
Odd Fellows' Orphans' Home at Gilroy.
This lodge, which always promptly re
sponds to a call "for a good cause, con
tributed $25. If all the other lodges in the
jurisdiction will do likewise a handsome
sum will be realized for the worthy ob
ject. , .
-Mission Rebekah v Lodge initiated three
candidates last week, the worn being done
in a manner that was, as one of the vis
itors expressed it, "simply sublime." Quite
a compliment for the new officers.
Jubilee Lodge, with Mrs. Minnie F. Dob
bins, P. N. G., as conductress, at its last
held meeting initiated two candidates in
a manner that surpassed anything here
tofore done in that lodge. -
• At the social of Oriental Rebekah Lodge
after the. meeting last Wednesday night
Past Noble Grand Miss Mattie Webb was
the mistress of the social session and
under her direction . there, was a potato
race. The first prize was won by Miss
Agnes Draffln, and she was presented
a handsome, cut-glass olive dish, whilo
the booby prize v/ent to Miss Walsh
The next social on the 4th " Inst. will bo
superintended by Mrs. G. T. Shaw, wife
oi tho grand secretary. On the • 18th
lffst. this lodge will raise afund for the
hospital at the Orphans! Home. On that
occasion Mr. and Mrs. G. G. Burnett will
present - an . illustrated lecture on the
"Passion Play" at Oberammergau. | Many
new views will be presented and as this
is to be for a deserving object it is prob
able-that a good sum will be realized. .
Amity Rebekah Lodge is planning an
excursion to the Orphans* Home on the
20th of September, the profits of which
will be donated to the hospital fund. ¦ .'¦.
The Bebskahs.
On the night of the 28th of August there
was a district meeting of Excelsior. Fair
mount and Noc Valley lodges of th*e An
cient Order of Unite I Workmen in the hall
of Excelsior Lodge. The 'hall was crowded
to Its utmost and there were interesting
addresses by Master "Workman Griffith
Jones and Dr. Yorke. after which Grand
Receiver Booth gave an interesting
sketch of the lodge. Then followed sev
era 1 vocal and instrumental selections
and" literary efforts and dancing-, for there
were present many ladies.
The grand receiver had returned from
a short vacation in the southern part of
the State. While tnere he attended three
public meetings in the interest of "Work
manship. One was at Santa Barbara an
other at Santa Paula and the third at
There was a meeting Friday night of
the general committee that is attending
to the matter of the monster meeting to.
be held in celebration of the anniversary
of the order. Further details were ar
ranged, so as to have everything in readi
ness for the event.
This week the speakers selected tjp ad
dress the lodges in the Interest of the cel
ebration movement will commence their
work. The lodges to be visited during the
week are Magnolia, Bernal, Unity, Tri
umph, Valley. Golden Gate. Burns,
Franklin and Sarmony, and the speakers
are. Past Supreme Master Jordan. Grand
Overseer Browning. Past Grand ' Masters
Snook. Danforth, Young and Bahrs.and
ex-Grand Recorder Hirshberg.
Ancient Order of Workmen.
The social that was given last week by
Cypress Circle of Colma was attended
by about two hundred persons, who spent
a very pleasant and enjoyable evening.
The new circle at Los Angeles is re
ported as progressing rapidly and favor
ably, the new officers doing their work In
an admirable manner.
The social given by El Dorado Circle
on the 22d of August in Washington Hall
•was attended by more than 150 members
and friends. Past Grand Arch Druidess
Mrs, Thornhill presided and she was ably
assisted by Mrs. K. Martinoni, the arch
druidess of the circle. There was a good
programme of entertainment and the
feature of that was' an address on fra
ternity by Dr. Mariana Bertola, a prom
inent member of the Native Daughters of
the Golden West, one of the most elo
quent speakers in the order. The others
who contributed to the pleasures * of th<>
evening v/ere Miss Krouss, Mrs. Gilli, lit
tle Miss* Leigh Paola Mer ar.d Misses J.
Villalon and Silva. Icecream was served
and then followed dancing.
Oiympia Circle is arranging for another
social in the near future.
Four petitions for membership were re
ceived in Golden Gate Circle at the last
held meeting. . " j '"
Grand Arch Druidess Sorensen paid an
unofficial visit to Evergreen Circle in
Stockton and assisted in the initiation of
several candidates.
The meeting of Olympia Circle August
19 was well attended and very interest
ing. Two candidates were initiated and
then followed a social hour for the enter
tainment of the . members and visitors
from El Dorado, Golden Gate and Boad
icea Circle. ••", «***¦
- Four applications were presented to Bo
adicea Circle at its last held meeting.
The Druidesses.
• i i^«
of the craft. He was made a Master Ma
son In 1858, a Royal Arch Mason in 1859
a Royal and Select Master In 1S65 a
Knight Templar In I860, received the thir
ty-second degree in 1866 and the highest
degree in September, 1885. He was emi
nent commander of De Molay Comman
aery, held several high offices and in 1S&3
became high priest of Ohio and subse
quently was chosen as the head of the
Council of High Priests, a position he held
at the time- of his death. He -was also
trustee and treasurer of the Ohio Masonic
Home from the time It was started until
his death.
J. "W. CHAMBERLIN.
"Washington Circle of the Companions of
the Forest was officially visited by Grand
Chief Comoanion Mrs. Miller ana other
grand officers last week and the meeting
was a pleasant one as well as Instructive.
At the close of the meeting there was an
adjournment to the banauet hall, where
John Falconer, P. G. C. C, presided a 3
toastmaster over an assemblage of sixty
members of the circle and visitors. Dur
ing the evening there were addresses in
response to sentiments presented by the
toastmaster. The principal respondents
were Mrs. Miller and Mrs. Marion G.
Perry of Vallejo and J. Patterson. Little
Tryphina Pritchard. the pride of Loyal
Circle, entertained with recitations with
that old-time enthusiasm which have al
ways made her a favorite wherever she
appeared. The grand- chief companion
was, on behalf of the circle, presented a
handsome fan as a souvenir of the occa
sion, and Miss Oaisy Falconer, the chief
companion of the circle, was presented a
pretty eavel made of metal from the bell
of the Reina Christina and a block from
a piece of wood of the flagship of Ad
miral Montejo. Each of the srfand offi
cers was presented beautiful and fragrant
fioweTS.
Washington Circle.
It was Scotch night with Britannia
Lodge of the Daughters of St. George on
the 19th of August. After the regular
business the doors were opened to the
general public and there were a large
number of visitors, Including Bodia St.
John, who recently returned from South
Africa, and delegations from Burnaby and
Pickwick lodges. There was a predom
ination of Scotch music in the programme
that was offered.. -Mr. St. John favored
with three selection— "The Music of Her
Voice." "Tommy - Atkins" and "The
Palms"; Miss M. Symington sang "Bon
nie Mary of Argyle," Mrs. G. C. Muhlner
favored with "Annie Laurie," Miss F.
Beauford sang "Coming Through the
Rye," E. Palmer entertained with Scotch
ballads, Mr3. S. Clack told in song "I "Will
Stand by My Friends" and Mrs. L. Chal
mers pleased with coon songs. During an
intermission Mrs. Staples served home
made popcorn, after which followed
games, small talk and the singing of
"Auld Lang Syne," -when the party broke
up. ; . '; 4
Daughters of St. George.
Tamalpais Camp at its'^last meeting on
the 2Sth of August created sevea /iew
"Woodmen of the World by initiation.
After the business of the evening was over
there was given the Oriental degree by
the camp's team and one of the new mem
bers wa3 made a prince with all the cer
emonies of that beautiful de??r«»- 'me
music at both initiations was by the
camp's brass band, which did Itself and
the order credit. The members and visi
tors closed the evening around the ban
quet board.
Redwood Circle of the "Women of "Wood
craft has added considerable to Its mem
bership in the past few months and un
der the direction of the new officers is
having very pleasant meetings with a so
cial hour after each session. On the nignt
of the 4th inst. the circle will give a hard
times party. Every member who attends
In anything: but a hard times suit will b i
fined in such amount as the committee
shall deem proper.
Woodmen of the World.
Royal Arcanum.
The grand officers and deputy grand
regents of this section paid an official
visit on the 26th of. August to Sierra
Council, and the visited council proved
Itself an up-to-date host. During the
evening' there were addresses by Grand
Vice Regent Gunzendorfer. Grand Secre
tary Hodgkins. Dr. Lewis* Thomas
Banks and J. B. Whitney. D. G. R.. the
latter telling of the objects of the order.
There were also short addresses by Re
gents Bacon, Suffern. Hutt. Hebgen and
Kiernlff. after which a collation was
served and it was then a free-for-all for
singing and anecdotes. Alameda Council
attended in a body.
Grand Orator J. B. Booth of Pasadena
died la-st week from the effects of an
accidental gunshot wound.
Grand Sentry T. G. Hodgkins was
elected last week grand regent of the
United Moderns.
Golden West Council has during . the
current year added twenty-three to its
membership.
The quarterly entertainment given by
Court Seal Rock in Pythian Castle Au
gust 29 was a pleasing function that
proved a source of great pleasure td all
who filled the large hall. A well arranged
programme of entertainment occupied the
attention of the audience for an hour and
a half, after which there was dancing till
midnight.
The attention that Grand Chief Ranger
John Heenan is paying to the order has
been the subject of general comment.
The members of Court San Francisco
, -e making arrangements to entertain the
'jvmbership of Court Shell Mound.
Grand Recording Secretary J. E.
O'k>rien is making official visits. He will
take in the courts of Calaveras, Sonora,
Fresno, Tulare and Kern counties.
A new court will be instituted at Fern
dale by Grand Secretary Cordy, assisted
by the. officers and members of Court
Eureka and Organizer Gustafson on the
5th inst.
Court Sutro Heights will hold its first
meeting in September in new quarters in
the Pioneer building. This court wants
the best It can get. and is getting it.
A new court organized at Modesto by
Organizer I. Danielwitz was Instituted on
the 29th of August.
' Court Aurora had • its annual banquet
August 23 in celebration of the an
niversary of its institution. Ther# was a
large attendance and an enjoyable sup
per was discussed, after which there were
addresses appropriate to the occasion by
Grand Chief Ranger Heenan and other
grand officers. Charles Cohn was chair-;
man of the committee of arrangements :
and Charles Mitchell secretary. *
L. W. Morgan is organizing a new court
at Long Branch and A. Gustafson la or
ganizing one at Ferndale. Humboldt
County. • .
The team of Court San Francisco went
to Antioch August 21 to confer the
degree on a dozen candidates for the
court located there. It was accompanied
by Grand Chief Ranger Heenan, Grand
Secretary Cordy, Grand -Recording Secre
tary O'Brien, I. Danielwiz, D. D. G. C. R-:
Jacob Label of tne American Forester Re
view, Past Chief Rangers I. P. Beban,
George Beban, F. V. Severance. J. Goetz.
Ben Levy, H. Pander, J. Fogarty and Ed
Summerville and Organist Kruger. of
Court Southern Heights. The visitors'
were greeted by members of the visited
court and . of all the courts of Contra
Costa County. After the work of the
evening, rendered in a most acceptable
manner, there was a banquet, at which
Dr. Dewitt was the toastmaster. Re
sponses were made by the visitors and
others. . • * .
Foresters of America.
The officers and members "of Tosemite
Council of the D. of P. entertained Its
team commanded by H. H. Cole at a ban
quet In celebration of having won the
trophy at the last held competition.
AH the representatives to the Great
Council of the United States have gone
East. They are Joaiah Sims. E: B. Wil
son. J. G. Smith. F. I>. Brandon. H. S.
Winn as alternate for Fred Brandt and
Henry A. Chase. The last named will re
main East three months, during which
time he will visit the exposition at Buf
falo.
24th of September will be given In a larger
hall. /
During the past week Mlantonoman
Tribe conferred the warrior's degree on
five candidates, the work being by a team
from Bald Eagle Tribe, under command of
Thomas Roche. Manzanita Tribe adopted
two palefaces. Captain Bryan leading the
degree team. The three degrees were con
ferred on a class of. candidates in Poca
hontas Tribe.
The general committee that makes all
preparations for the affairs, social and
others, for the local tribes, has presented
to Mrs. J. H. Hutaff, wife of the secre
tary of the committee, a crystal and silver
fruit set as consolation for having taken
her husband away from home so many
nights, and to the secretary the commit
tee voted a purse of $100 In recognition of
his valuable services.
Arrangements have been made to build
a new grove out of part of the.member
ship of Olympia Grove.
ing named were", elected , offi
cers for, the ensuing term. They' will be
installed at a public meeting to be held in
September and \, it .is expected all past
arches will be . present. The new officers
are: A. M. Armstrong, president*D. Bar
man,'vice president; G. McGuiness, treas
urer; James F. Martinoni, ',£. N. G.- A.,
secretary; J. L.. (James, messenger, and
Joe M. Wolff, guard. > \ "
; On the night of the 28th of August there
was a meeting of delegates* from the local
srroves for. the purpose of taking steps to
arrange for a grand initiation ; to be had
ifeome time in November. Brother Burn
ham of Manzanita Grove, under whose
auspices the meeting was called, was
elected chairman; Louis A. Wolff of Lau
rel Grove was elected • secretary, \ then
Jaines F. Martinoni, P. G. N. A., and-K.
C. Stock were elected vice presidents and
L. G. Schord, P. S. A., treasurer. Var
ious plans were discussed and it. was the
unanimous opinion of all present that the
plam suggested by the one who had
brought the matter- before the meeting
was a feasible one, that all would work
to make the affair a great success and
bring the order to the attention of the pub
lic as it has not been, brought for many
years. There will be another meeting next
Monday to perfect the ideas suggested. In
the meantime a committee will visit the
local groves and work up a feeling of en
thusiasm in .the matter.
/ Noble Grand Arch Godeau Is visiting
with Grand Secretary "Papa" Graves in
Humboldt County. When they visited
Far West Grove four candidates were ini
tiated. The " noble grand arch promised
to return to 'the grove as soon as it as
sured him that it would have a class of
ten to initiate. The grand officers visited
Loleta Grove in company with C. C. El
kensen, D. D.. Dr. Michel and eight mem
bers of Far West. Grove. At - that
meeting the first degree was conferred on
four candidates, and the second and third
on five others. . A banquet at the -Loleta
Hotel followed the work of the . evening.
Subsequently Americus Grove was visited.
The initiation of | three candidates was
followed by a banquet at Brother Fer
rari's. Washington Grove was also vis
ited and the large attendance promised
to make a good showing in the matter of
increase. There was a banquet at the Al
bany restaurant. -
Roma Grove of Oakland will hereafter
meet on Tuesday instead .of Monday
nights. •
K. Z. Richardson, secretary of Santa
Rosa Grove, has resigned, as he will move
to Alameda County.
On Thursday evening, August 15, the
Past Arches' Association of the U. A. O.
D. paid a fraternal visit to Alpinl Grove.
President Martinoni was accompanied by
thirty-five members of the association, a
number of these being from interior towns
and cities. The large hall wjas crowded
to its limit and in the presence of the
visitors two candidates were initiated by
G. Petarga, acting -noble arch, and the
other officers, in a manner that was nota
ble for its perfectness and drew from the
visitors many words of deserved commen
dation. During the evening the meeting
was addressed by James F. Martinuni,
president; John M. Graves, grand secre
tary: C. Guglielmoni, D. G. A.; F. J.
Horn, G. T. ; A. M. Armstrong, grand
trustee; A. M.I Bianchi of Petaluma and
many others.
At' the last held meeting of Norma
.Grove one candidate was initiated. Olym
pia Grove also initiated one and Golden
Star conferred the second degree on one
candidate.
(££>{] T an enthusiastic meeting of
TTyTl I the Past 'Arches* Association
. I: KM I \ held' on the -,25th of August,
J< t\ V more than half of the member-,
: Nf shl P being present,, the follow-
number the grand secretary, Mrs. Wil
iats. After the business meeting, during
which arrangements were made for South
San Francisco's greatest -initiation, there
was a social hour, which proved to be a
very pleasant one for members and visit
ors. There was icecream and cakes and
an a"t home entertainment. Under the
matronshlp of Mrfe. Ayers this, away
from the center chapter, is doing re
markably well and becoming an attractive
place for members of the order.
It was reported that Miss McConkey.
past matron of Olive Branch Chapter, is
an. invalid in Kansas City, having been
while on her visit East stricken with a
severe attack of inflammatory rheuma
tism. . , •¦'-
TOLD IN THE ANTE-ROOMS.
30
THE SAN FRANCISCO- CALL,; SIOTAYJ fiEPTEMBlSR 1| 1901.
The Masonic fraternity of this city* has
been advised of the recent death of a very
prominent Mason of the State of Ohio.' It
was- Captain James Wilson Chamberlin,
for years cashier of the National Bank of
Tiffin, Ohio. He, was distinguished as a
citizen and as a soldier of the Civil War
and eminent as a . Mason. . He was the
only one- in his section of the State of
Ohio who attained the thirty-third degree
A Prominent Mason.
.Grand Secretary Laura J. Frakes will
leave for, Sutter Creek on Wednesday to
spend her vacation with her relatives.
The announcement last week that "two
prominent • members of Darina Parlor
were conspicuous by their, absence" from
the surprise party to the recording secre
tary gave rise to a great deal of guess
ing, but none thought for a moment that
the absentees- were Jarvis and Stock.
Buena Vista Parlor is arranging for one
of - its old-time minstrel entertainments,
to be given before the close of the year.
A number of new features will be intro
duced. .
Alta Parlor had a party last night that
was well attended and -was a • success.
Miss Fahey of Dardanelles Parlor 'of
Sonora, principal of the schools .of that
place, is the guest of Past Grand. Presi
dent Mrs. Belle W. Conrad in this city.
Miss May Gibbons and Mrs. Dore of
Dardanelles Parlor /are the guests of
United States Marshal and Mrs. Shine at
their home in this city. *
|Miss Lillian Versalovich, one of the sec
retaries of Fremont ParTor /find district
deputy grand president, has resigned both
positions to accept a position as teacher
of foreign languages in Alameda.
Alta Parlor has" under consideration a
proposition to discontinue the practice of
having ¦ the members pay the per capita
tax individually and have the same paid
out of the general fund. • , -
tenmeyer and Wilkins have been appoint
ed a committee ; to prepare a directory in
accordance with a resolution adopted at
the last held session of the Grand Par
lor. .; ;
(IOOMS TO LET— Fnrn. niid Cnfarn.
EDDT. 8T6— House just beine furnished; ele-
irant apartments and rocmB, f$ to ?20.
EIGHTH, 12SB— 2 pleasant front rooms, $6
-each; top floor.
tLLIS, no— Newly furnished rooms; references
..cschaopfd. ¦
ELLIS. 8£5— Single and double room; furnished;
bath; gas: reasonable. ¦ '
FELL. 26— Three rooms, partly furnished;
running water; near Market.
FOLSOM, 'lf,\d— Neatly furnished bay-window
room ; every 'convenience; reasonable.
FRANKLIN, 17— Elegant furnished rooms in
new Oat: gentlemen only.
3EARY, 405. The Navarre— Elegantly furnished
suites and single; travelers accommodated.
3EART. flSA— Nice front bay-window room
with bath, suitable for tv.-o gentlemen.
3OLDEN GATE nve.. 1130, lower flat— Fur-
nlMied back parlor: also another room.
3ROVE. 149 — Furnished bay-window front
room; reasonable; no sign. -
HAIGHT. 694>i— A nice sunny rocm with pri-
vate family. • ~>"t
HARRISON. TSl'i. near Fourth— Finely fur-
nished rooms; bath; all conveniences; home-
like; $1 week up. .
HOTEL ST. rnXIS plan), 24 Turk
- St., near Market— Central location; new bullfl-
Inr. elegrantly furnished; strictly first-class;
50c per .day and upward; special rates by the
week or month; best in the city; references;
take Market-st. cable cars to Turk et.
HOWARD. 022— One sunny bay-window room
with or without board; private house; rates
reasonable: reference wanted. ."
JESSIE, S63. near Fifth and Market— Furnished
rooms, tl. $5 per month; housekeeping. $3.
JESSIE. 433— Nice sunny furnished front rooms
to let. •
LAGUNA, 1123, facing Jefferson square— 2 eun-
ny rooms and board; gentlemen; private.
LARKIX. 1007. cor. Fost (The Cragburn)— Nice
furnished room. f2 week.
CEAVENWGRTH. :i»— Nicely furnished sunny
pallor; running water; grate; other rooms;
na children.
MCALLISTER, 20r2. near Central ave.— Front
and back sunny parlors, suitable for man and
wife; privilege to take baths and breakfast if
preferred; very <;uiet place; near park pan-
handle.
MARKET. 1CI5 (New Arlington)— Nicely fur-
nished rcorns. $2 a week up; 35c a day up. 1
MARKET. 10:5— Upstairs furnished rocms; for
transient; for travelers; baths. _ '
MARKET. ISC2— Modern house; furniture new;
p^¦s eratts; running water; all outside rooms;
gentlemen preferred: references.
MARKET. 15S3, opposite Van Ness— Newly fur-
nished tingle rooms, $5 per month.
MARTINET. 1101 Geary, one door above Van
Ness — Suites new fur. ; single rooms, $10 up.
MASON. 107— Nicely furnished rooms, en suite
or single; Jl 50 per week up.
tTINNA, 6G7. corner Eighth — Newly furnished
bay-rrindow room. $1 per week; transient.
N ATOM A, 41S4 — Sunny furnished room; board
if desired; private family. I '.;¦:
O'FARRELL, 20 — Eunny furnished rooms and
offices: elevator: elec. lights; das\ week. mo.
O'FARRELL, 332— Elegantly furnlfhed eunny
rooms, en suite and single; flO up; bath; ret.
OXFORD. 271 O - Farrell— Furnished front suites
ard single rooms, $3 week up: transient. ]
ROYAL House, 12G Ellis— Incandescent light;
Trading-room, emcking-room and ladles' par- i
lor: rooms, per night, 25c to $1 SO; week. $2 to
IS: month. $S to VX': elevator on ground floor;
rocms "\viih hot and cold water; baths.
SHERMAN Apartment House. 2S Eighth St..
near Market— Furnished or unfurnished.
EHOTWELL, 121. near Sixteenth— Furnished
front room, $3 50 per menth.
PTOCKTON". 332— Nice sunny clean suites and
single rms.; ran. water; baths; phone; cheap.
fUMKER, 10. off Howard, near Eighth — I
rooms to let: rent $9. Apply 430 Vallejo st.
EI'TTER, 303— Changed hands; rooms from
SI 50 up per week.
»
fATLOR. 23S— Elcsantly furnished rooms:
house Just opened: fine suite. $25; everything
new.
THE BERLIN, 23$ Kearny-Elegant suites,
single rocmr; running water; transient.
VAN NEFsT 1109— Near Geary— Furnished
rooms, sinrle. double: reasonable. -
tl 10 WEEK— Large runny furnished room;
clofet; bath. Call by 8 p. m. at 834 Folsom st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
FMbscrlptions has been established at 10S6
Valencia rt.
TLAF5IFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore st. ;
KOO3IS AXD BOARD. |
EUNNY, well furnished rooms; grate and 'sta-
tionary washsland; refined hcme; excellent
tab'.e:.4:se cf pcrlor, piano, phone; references
exchanged: sond for fuller particulars. Hcme.
box 24. Call office. j
A— POLK. HOT— Snnny room, with board, lady
or gentietriEn. $20 per month; funny parlor, I
use piano, for married couple, $33 month. !
KICELT furnished' front room, suitable for
1 or 2 gertlemen. with or without board;
private family; Wcrtern addition. Box. 67,
Call office. I
BEAUTIFCL sunny parlor ar.d first-class
beard for two: SZ~, per bo. P3S Geary st. !
California, 807 — Stevenson mansion: select fam- i
Py hotel: exceptional table; attractive rooms, j
FIFTH. 113— Nicely furnished rooms, with '
beard; g!>s: bath.
YOUNG s:irl to board in private family: terms !
reasonable. 110 Valencia St.. close to Market. \
HOTEL ncrvrl'pr. 7S! Sutter— Newly furnished;
•excellent tal:>7e: special rates to tourists.
VAN NESS. 519— Handsome furnished parlor*.. I
ail com-.. Eunrry su'.tes; best table board. >
THE Crocker. M» Leaven worth — Fine sunny '
room*, sirrlo nnd «-n suite: beautiful grounds, j
ROOM* AXD ItOAKIl \yAXTKt>._ j
WANTED— Room sr.d board for man and wife
in Ftrict'.y private Protestant family; good j
resideree di=trlct: references exchanged. Ad-
yrefs r>?x 4"-. Cp.'.I office.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
BAD tenants ejected for ?4: collections made:
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery ft,, rooms 3-10, tel. iwSO.
Catarrh positively cured with Chicago Medlca- j
_ tor: trial free; send for circular. 935 Mkt.. r. £. i
PIS-RASES and ailments of men treated; con- I
filiation free. American Dispensary. 514 Pine.
SEWIXG MACIIIXES AXD SUPPLIES.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged; re-
palring; lowest rates. Tel. Black 1124. 205 4th.
ALL kinds housrht. sold rented, exchanged; re-
pairinc: lo\v<st rates :nhon» Mint 4a. 143 Sixth.
SLOT MACIIIXES.
TWO rouWtes. only $73 each, cost $250. 1167
-Uarket. bet. 7th .and Sth: other machines.
STOUAGE AXD WAREHOUSES.
PIKHCI-MvODOLTTI Storage and lilovTng^Co^
•ofSce Post snd Powell sts.; tel. Main 571S. .
GGL1JEN WEST Storage Warehouse. S« Mis- '
Fien St.: tel. Howard 9«. " F. W. ZEHFUSS. ;
Bi:KINS Van and Storace Co., 722 Mission St.;
tel. Main 1M0: shipping at cut rates.
TACIFIC Ktnrpze and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2ZW Fillmore Bt.: phone Jarkson 2S1.
I TYI'EWRITEKS AXD SUPPLIES.
GP.EAT BARGAINS 'in' TYPEWRITERSC-We
sell better machines for less money than any
lious* in the city; rentals, $J. The Typewriter
Exchange, flfi California: telephone Main 265.
TYPEWRITERS. 2d-hsn<l. all makes, at low
figure?. L. £ M. ALEXANDER. 110 Montg'y.
HARTFORD typewriters: new. ?G0; anti-trust;
all makes: rwi machines $10 up. 209 Ransome.
DIVIDEND - JfOTICES. "
DIVIDEND Notice.— The Giant Powder Com-
¦ pany. Con.— A dividend. No. 33. of seventy-
five cents Gjc) per share on the issued capital
•stock of the company has been declared pay-
able at the office of the company, 435 CaHfor-
nia et., San Francisco, on September 10,- 190L
Transfer books close September 3. 1901. a*
noon. JULIAN. SONNTAG, Secretary pro
ten.
MAHEIAGE LICENSES.
The following marrlaee licenses were Issued
Benjamin P. Dean. 22, 2327 Sacramento street,
and Etta Whalley. 13, 222 Eddy street.
Maurice Gerber, 32, Seattle, and Anna Morris.
20. 2070 Motion street. -
Frank Sacatte, 2S, 410 Van Ness avenue, 'and
Magdalena B. Rennie,"25, 410 Van Ness avenue.
Robert W. M. Trayner. SO. Carlsbad, N. Mex.,
and Wilhelmina A. Roddy. 22, Vallejo. : ~
William F. Dolan, 22, Sacramento, and Annie
E. Cohen, 21, Los Angeles. . > •
Millidge G.~ Sherwood. 27, 126 Tremont avenue,
ar.d Fidelia P. Katz, 26, 1016 Union street.
John C Henalngs* 32, 127. Ash • avenue, and
Margaret J.' Rclmere, 21, 1030 Greenwich street.
Sharahao Florist Co.
ARTISTIC FLORAL DESIGNS
Prices /Reasonable:
!07 POWELL STj^EltjS Z?f?Z0BG
Pietro G. Gardella, 58, 11 Lafayette place, and
Jennie Demartini, 47, city.
Claude R. Basford, 31, Healdsburg, and Lulu
Mulgrew, 21, Healdsburg.
Edward D. Thomson. 26, 2031 Polk street, and
Jane Coutts. 22, 20 Hoffman avenue.
Laurence T. Muth. 28, 2*8 Fourth street, and
Grace Younsman, 26, 238 Fourth street.
Owen D. Richardson, 32, San Jose, and Mar-
guerite E. Kibbe, 21, San Jose.
Allan I. Wilson, 28, Whlttier, and Katherine
M. Black, 28, Los Angeles.
Arthur H. Reed. 33. 1S96 Mission street, and
Myrtle B. Jewett. 23, Los Angeles.
Archibald W. Cavan, 35, Alameda, and Alice
M. Innes. 36, Alameda.
O. W. Young Wing Chong. 39, Walnut Grove,
and Dea Dung Ling, IS. Walnut Grove. '
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES- DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mall will not be Inserted. They must be handed
In at either of the publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
ABRAHAMSON— In Oakland. August 30, 1901,
to the wife of Hugo Abrahamson, a son.
BRADLEY— In this city, August 29, 1901, to the
wife of Thomas E. Bradley, a daughter.
COHEN— In this city. August 26, 1901, to the
wire of Moe Cohen, a son.
DAVIES— In this city, August 28, 1901, to the
wife of James Davies," a son.
! DAVIS— In this city, August 25. 1901, to the
wire of A. H. Davis, a son. '
FEIERBACH— In Fruitvale, Cal., August 30.
190L to the wife of Charles Felerbach, a son.
FISHER— In this city. August 30, 1901, to the
wife of Charles Fisher, a son.
JONES— In this city, August 25, 1901, to the
wife of J. B.' Jones, a son. -
MEYER-In this city. August 28. 1901, to the
wife of Bernhaf-d Meyer, a son.
NEWMAN-In this city. August 25. 1901, to the
wife of W. Newman, a son.
ORMii- In Oakland. August 30, 190L to the wife
of Richard Orrr.e, a son.-
SHERIDAN-In this city, August 3, 1301, to the
wife cf K. M. Sheridan, a son.
WALTON— In this city. August 15, 190L to the
wife of John Walton, a daughter. v i
WHITE— In this city, August 27, 1901. to the
wife of Will J. White, a daughter.
WILLIAMS— In this city, August 2, 190L to the
wife of Wllford H. Williams, a son.
HASHED.
BENJAMIN— LEVENSON— In this city, August
27. 1901. by the Rev. H. N. Schoenfeld, Nathan
Benjamin and Rebecca Levenson,- both of this
city. . ¦ "¦ — -
MORTON— HIGSON— In this city, August 21.
190L by the Rev. E. J. Lion, Richard Charles
Morton and Alice HelenMllgson, both of this
city. - •
DIED.
Appell, Mary Ann Levy, Minna
Aspln, James McCarthy, Catherine
Barry. Mrs. Elizabeth McRae, Catherine
Buehler. Rev. J. M. Mulholland, Eliza
Christen. Alvina O'Brien, Rose A.
Cohn, Nathan Rellly, Capt. M. J.
Connell, Ellen Remington, Edward
Creamer. James H. vRoblnson. Henry C.
Davis, Rees O. Savage, James J.
Deboice. Elizabeth Sayers, William F.
Forni, Mrs. Josephine Schmidt, Edward ,
Heath. William R. Snoek. Abe
Helneman, Charles A. Vine (infant)
Henderson, Sarah Williams, Lola . E.
Krieger, Lucielle M. White, Emma A.
Lasette. Martin A. Wright, Minnie
Levy, Henrietta
APPELL— In Alameda, CaL, August 30, 1901,
Mary Ann Aprell, a native of England, aged
60 years.
j ASPIN— In this city, August 30. 1901, James,
! beloved husband of Selina Aspin, and father
of Gertrude and James Aspin and the late
j Selina As=Din. a native of England, aged 37
years and 1G days. A member of .Burnaby
Lodge, Sons of St. George.
(C^Friends air! acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
James McMenomy &. Son. 1CI7 Mission street.
Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
BARRY— In this city. August 31, 1901, Mrs.
Elizabeth Barry, mother of Thomas J., Rich-
ard F., Lizzie A. and Adeline Barry and Mrs.
G. H. Fletcher and the late Mre. T. F. Quin-
lan. a native of Boston, Mass.
BTT'Interment at Grass Valley, Cal.
BUEHLER— In this city. August 28. 1901. the
Rev. J. M. Buehler, dearly beloved husband
of Louisa II. Buehler. and father of Emma
L. and Franz Buehler and Mrs. J. H. Koenlg
and Mrs. George Hargens. a native of Balti-
more. Md.. aged 64 years and 20 days.
EyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
to-day (Sunday), at 2 o'clock, at St.
Paul's Evangelical Lutheran Church, ."corner
of Eddy and Gough streets. The remains
will lie in state Rt the church to-morrow
(Sunday), after 10 o'clock. Interment Mount
Olivet Cemetery by carriages. Kindly omit
flowers, . •»
CHRISTEN— In this city. August 30, 1901, Al-
I vina, dearly beloved daughter of Martin and
Celestlna Christen, granddaughter of Cecelia j
Christen, and niece of Andrew Andragg and
Frank, Arnold and Fredollne Christen, a na- ;
! tive of San Francisco, agld 2 months and 28
I days.
i [CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
! fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from the residence of |
the oarentF. S3 Converse street, off Bryant,
between Eighth and Ninth. Interment Holy j
Cross Cemetery.
COHN— In this city, August 31, 19C1, Nathan.
I beloved husband of Pauline Cohn, a native of
Germany, aged 70 years.
CONNELL— In this city, August 30, 1901. Ellen
I Cohnell, a- native of Tipperary, Ireland, aged
63 years.
! {"^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
; fully Invited to attend the funeral to-mcrrow
! (Monday), frcm the parlors of Carew & Eng-
lish, 29, Van Ness avenue, thence to St. I
Ignatius Church. Hayes street, where a
; requiem mass will be celebrated for the re-
' pose of her soul, commencing at 9 o'clock.
I Interment Santa Clam, Cal.
i CREAMER— In the City and County Hospital,
j August 31. 1801, James H. Creamer, a native
1 of California, aged 40 years.
DAVIS— In this city. August 31, 1901, at his res-
; idc-nce, 13 Oak Grove avenue, i Rees O. Davis,
! dearly beloved husband of Elisabeth M. Da-
I vis, ar.d beloved father of Charles, William,
I Louis, Margaret, Robert and Emma Davis, j
j and brother of John and Charles Davis, a na-
tive of Janesville, Wisconsin, aged 48 years
and 16 days. A member of Golden Gate Lodge
I No. 204, I. O. O. F.. and Golden West Lodge |
{ No. 2€4. A. O. U. W. j
j DEBOICE— In Oakland, Atgust 29. 1901, Eliza- ]
j b*th Deboice. mother of the late Mrs. Lily j
I' . Crafts, a native ot New Jersey, aeed C4
years and C months.
(t^T Friends and acquaintances are respect-
I fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day [
(Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock, from her late resl-
' dence, 8JS Oak street, thence to St. John's
Episcopal Church, corner of Eighth and Grove
ttrcets. Oakland, where services will be held .
' at t o'clock.
FORNI— In El Dorado, Cal., August 27. 1S01.
M^-s. Josephine Forni, wife of Dennis Forni,
a native of Switzerland, aged C4 years 4
mqnths £>.nd " days.
I HEATH— In this city, August 30, 1001. at his
( residence. William Ralston, dearly beloved
/ end youngest con of the l&te Richard W. and
I Mary Elizabeth Heath, aged 34 years and 11
months. (Richmond, Va., and New Bedford,
1 Mass., papers p>ease copy.)
$y Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited lo attend the funeral services
to-morrow (Monday), at 11:30 o'clock, ai St:
Luke's Church, corner Van Ness avenue and
I Clay street. . Interment private.
1 HEINEMAN— In this city. August 30, 1901.
Charles A., beloved husband of Ella Heine-
man, and father of Charles, Florlne and Min-
nie Heineman. a native of New York, aged
35 ye§rs 10 months and 27 flays. A member ot
Golden Gate Camp No. 64, Woodmen of the
World. ' .
C^Friends and acquaintances ara respact-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 2:15 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. C5 Belcher street, oft Thirteenth. In-
terment Home of Peace Cemetery by train,
leaving- Twenty-fifth and Valencia streets at
3:40 o'clock.
HENDERSON— In this city. August 31, 13C1,
Sarah, beloved wife of Duncan Henderson,
and mother of Emma A. P. Hathaway of
F.eattle, Wash., a. native of Prince Edward
Island, ac-erl 70 years 6 months and 15 days.
(Prince Edward Island, Seattle, Wash., and
San Diego papers please copy.)
K^Frlenda and anaualntancefi are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.
(Successor to Flannagan & Gallagher.)
. DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mgr.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
. 20 Fifth et.. opposite Lincoln School.
_ Telephone South SO.
Mt. Olivet Cemetery,
Fan Mateo County. .
OFFICE 8J6 MARKET STREET.
' J. HENDERSON. Manager.
NEW FIRM OF UNDERTAKERS.
Samuel McFadden. 18 years manager for
the United Undertakers' Association: M.
J. McBrearty, with the same company for
10 years; P. F. Green, late with j. C.
O Connor & Co., have opened new Funeral
Parlors at 1171 Mission street, between Sev-
tnth and Eighth. Telephone South 44. ).
I JAMBS McGINN,
I Formerly with .McGinn Bros., has opened
I new Funeral Parlors at 214 Eddy st- bet
I Taylor and Jones. Telephone South '576. '
IVS UNITED UNDERTAKERS, .
- 27 and 29 Fifth st Tel. South 167. ,
: FTOERA/.I DIRECT0B3 AND; EMBALMERS..
__Flnegt_Eo;uIpment at Mnderkte Rates.
J£7"Frienils and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 2:S0 o'clock; from the parlors of
Halsted & Co., 946 Mission street. Interment
Salem Cemtt'ery by 3:30 o'clock train from
Third and Townsend streets.
VINE^In the City and County Hospital. Au-
gust 30. JS01. Infant sen of Mary Vine, a na-
tive of California, aged 1 day.
WHITE— In Everett, Wash., August 20, 1901.
Emma Anita, dearly; beloved daughter of
Charles H. ar.d Emma L. White, and sister
of George, Charles and Babv White, grand-
daughter of Captain Charles G. White and
'Mr. and Mrs. Henry Bock, and great-grand-
daughter of Mrs. M. Bill, a native of San
Francisco, aged 2 years 1 month and 3 -days.
(CTFriends and acquaintances are raspact-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), at 2:30 o'clock. ' from the residence
of the grandparents, Mr. and Mrs. " Henry
Bock, 1940 Mar:on Htreet. Interment Mount
Olivet Cemetery. ¦?
WILLIAMS— In Oakland. August 31. 1001. Lois
E. "Williams, relict of the late Captain Joseph
Wllli.irr.s, and. beloved mother of Joseph \V
and Albert H. Williams, a native of Glouces-
ter, Mass., aged 73 years 6 r.;onths and 10
days." 1
WRIGHT— In the City and County Hospital
August 31, 1901. Minnie Wright, a native of
Germany, aged C3 years.
tn7"Funeral to-day (Sunday), at" 2 o'clock,
' from Charles J. B. Metzler's parlors, 636
"Washington street. Interment private, Lau-
, rel Hill Cemetery. ; Please omit flowers.
SCHMIDT— In this city, August 30, 1901, Ed-
ward B., dearly beloved husband of Hulda
Schmidt, and father of Helene. Edward, Dora,
Herrman, Carl and Julia Schmidt, a native of
Germany, aged 46 years 5 months and 19 days.
(C^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 1 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 215 Second street, between Howard and
Folsom. Interment Mount Olivet Cemetery.
SNOEK— In this -city. August 31, 1901, Abe. be-
loved son of S. Snoek, and brother of Millie,
David and Jacob Snoek, a native ol Holland,
aged 15 years 2 months and 20 days.
CTTriends . are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral to-day (Sunday), at 1 o'clock,
from his late residence. 1622 Sixteenth avenue
" South, thence to AH Hallows' Church for
services at 1:20 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
SAYERS— In this city, August 30, 1D01, William
F. Sayers. beloved father of Fred. "William
Sayers and Mr. M. F. Cooper, a native of
Ireland, aged 73 years 4 menths and 14 days. «
it^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), at 10 o'clock, from the Masonic
Temple, corner of Post and Montgomery
streets, under the auspices of Doric Lodge
No. 216, F. and A. M. Interment Cypress
Lawn Cemetery by 11:30 o'clock train from
Third and Townsend streets.
SAVAGE— In this city, August 30, 1901, James
J., beloved husband of Catherine Savage, and
father of Isnatlus and George Savage, and
pon of Michael Savage, and brother of Pat-
rick. "William. Christie, Michael. George,
Mamie and Eddie Savage, a/ native of Mas-
sachusetts, aged 42 years 7 menths and 15
days. (Chicago, III., and Boston, Mass.,
Tapers please copy.)
(C^Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock, from his late
. residence, 508A Tenth street. . Interment Cy-
press Lawn Cemetery, by electric funeral
car from Eighteenth and Guerrero streets.
REMINGTON— In the City and County Hospi-
tal, August 30, 1901, Edward C. Kemlngton, a
. native of Massachusetts, aged 62 years.
ROBINSON— In this city. August 29, 1901,
Henry Cooke Robinscn. dearly beloved hus-
band of Charlotte Robinson, and father of
Henry, Beesie, David, Edward, Esther, Allan
and Charlotte Robinson, a native of Belfast,
Ireland, aged 52 years 4 months and 7 days.
tt^The funeral will take place , to-day
(Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the residence
of ,her grandmother, 732 Howard > street, be-
tween Third and Fourth. Int.erment private.
Mount Calvary Cemetery.
REILLY— In this city, August 28, 1301. Cap-
tain > M. J., beloved husband of Lucy M.
Rellly, a native of Missouri, aged 61 years
11 months and 5 day3.
lCJ"Frier.ds and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Tuesday,
September 3, 1901, at 8:30 o'clock, from the
parlors of Valente. Marini & Co., 1524 Stock-
ton street; thence to St. Francis Church,
where a solemn requiem high. mass will be
celebrated for the repose of her soul, com-
mencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemeterr. . . *
O'BRIEN— In this city, August 30, 1901. ' Rose
Agnes, beloved daughter of Charles L. O'Brien
and the late Clara Mae O'Brien, grand-
daughter of Thomas F. and Mary Mullen, and
niece of Mrs. J. J. Coltey, a native of San
Francisco, aged 6 months and 19 days.
C7"Friends and acquaintances are. respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the parlors of
Carew & English, 29 Van Ness avenue, thence
to St. Mary's Cathedral, where a requiem
mass will be celebrated for the repose of her
soul, commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
MULHOLLAND— In this city, Eliza,- relict of
the late John Mulholland, a native of Pitts-
burg-, Pa., aged 75 years and 1 month. J-i
£7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
' fully ¦ Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), at 12:S0 o'clock, from the parlors
of H. F. Suhr & Co., 1137 Mission street, be-
tween Seventh and Eighth, thence to St. Jo-
seph's Church for services at 1 o'clock. In-:
terment Holy Cross Cemetery.
McRAE— In Millwood, Marin County, Cal., Au-
gust 29, 1901, Miss Catherine McRae, a native
of Prince Edward Island, ased 48 years.
LEVY— In this city, August 31, 1904.' Minna, be-
loved wife of A. Levy, a native of Germany,
. aged 4S years and 9 days.
MCCARTHY— In this city, August 30. 1901,
at her residence, 606 Minna street, Catherine,
relict of the late Cornelius McCarthy, and be-
loved mother of Daniel J., James J., John F.,
Charles J., "William H., Richard and Thomas
McCarthy, a native of County Fermanagh,
Ireland. (Boston and St. Louis papers please
copy.)
RT?"FriendP and acquaintances /are respect-
fully invited to attend the . funeral to-day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, ' from the funeral
parlors of Porter & White, 122 Eddy, street.
Interment Masonic Cemetery.. ¦
LEVY— In Portland, Or.. August 23, -10C1. Hen-
rietta Levy, beloved mother of Mrs. '"William
"Wolff and Joseph and Abraham Levy of San
Francisco and David Levy of Portland, aged
73 years. . . ¦ . .
G7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday),' at 10:30 o'clock, from the residence
of her parents, 433 Tenth street, between
Harrison and Bryant. Interment Mount
Olivet Cemetery by electric funeral car from
Tenth and Harrison streets. .
LASETTE-In this city, August 28, 1901, Mar-..
tin A. Lasette, beloved husband of Ida La-
sette. father of Ruth and Bell Lasette. and
steplather of William, Ida am! Samuel
Treadwell, a. native of New York, aeed GV
years. A member of Yerba Euena Lodpe No.
14, A. O. U. W.. and the Millwrights' Union,
No. 766. , - - ,
(Monday), at 2 o'clock, from' Grace Methodist
Episcopal Church, corner of Twenty-flrst and
Capp streets. Interment Masonic. Cemetery, j
KRIEGEIi— In this city, August 30, 1901, Lu-
cielle M., dearly beloved and only daughter
of "Charles and Amelia Krieger. and sister of
Walter H. Krlesrer, a native of San » Fran-
cisco, . aged 2 years 11 months, and 28 daysiNorthern Wheat Market.
/ OREGON.
PORTLAND. Aujt. 31—WTieat—Valley, B6c;
bluestem, 66o; Walla Walla, 55c
WASHINGTON.
Foreign Futures.
LIVERPOOL.
• Wheat- sept. Dec.
o f> el? ln * B 6V4 6 8V4
Closing 6 6(J 5 SVi
t±? PARIS."
\Vheat— Aug. Nov.-Feb.
Opening 21 10 22 23
Closing ...20 95 22 20
Flour— ¦ ' ¦. .
Opening 27 25 28 20
Closing ; 27 20 ¦ 28 20
LOCAL MARKETS.
OILS— California Castor Oil, In cases. No. %
70c; pure, $1 22: Linseed Oil, in barrels, boiled.
64c; raw, 62c; cases, 5c more; Lard Oil, extra
winter strained, barrels, SOc; cases, 85c; China
Nut. 55@72c per gallon; pure Neatsfoot Oil, bar
rels, 67%c; cases, 72%c; Sperm, pure, 65c;
Whale Oil, natural white, 40@45c fcer gallon;
Fish Oil in barrels, 37%c; cases, 42^c.
COAL OIL— Water White Coal Oil, in bulk.
13c; Pearl Oil, In cases. 19c; Astral, 19c; Star
19c; Extra Star, 23c;. Elaine, 24c; Eocene, 21c
deodorized stove gasoline, in bulk, 15c; in
cases, 21c; Benzine, in bulk, 14c; in cases, 20c;
86-degree Gasoline, In bulk, 20c; in cases, 26c
TURPENTINE— 5Ec per gallon in cases and
52c in drums or iron barrels. •¦ • - .
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, per pound, in 100-lb bags:
Cubes, Crushed and Fine Crushed, 5.20c -
Powdered, 5.05c; Candy Granulated, 5.05c; Dry
Granulated, 4.S5c : Confectioners' A. 4.95c; Fruit
Granulated. 4.95c; Beet Granulated. 4.85c; Mag
nolia A, 4.55c; Extra C. 4.45c; Golden C, 4.35c
barrels, 10c more: half-Jbarrels, 25c more; boxes
50c more; 60-lb bags, 10c more. No orders taken
for less than 75 barrels or its equivalent.
Dominos. half -barrels, 5.45c; boxes. 5.70c per lb.
RICE— China, No. 2, $4 10; No. 1, $4 70@4 30;
extra, $5 10@5 60; Japanese,. $4 75®5 30; Louisi
ana, $4@6 50; Hawaiian, nominal.
COAL — Wellington, ¦ $9 ! per ton ; Southfield
¦Wellington, $9; Seattle, $7; Bryant, $6 50; Coos
Bay, $5 50; Wallsend, $9; Co-operative Walls
end. $9; Cumberland, $12 60 in bulk and $13 75 In
sacks; Pennsylvania- Anthracite Egg. $14; Can
nel. $10 per ton ; Coke. $15 per ton in bulk and
$17 in sacks; Rocky Mountain descriptions, $3 45
per 2000 lbs and $8 50 per ton, according to
brand. ¦
GRAIN BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags, 7%
@7%c; local make. %c less than Calcuttas;
Wool Bags. 33@35c; Fleece Twine, 7%@8c;. Fruit
Bags, 534@6%c for cotton and 7@7%c for Jute..
General Merchandise.
PORK— Live Hogs, 200 lbs and under, 6^0 •
over 200 lbs, 6c; feeders, ; sows, 20 per cent
off; boars, 50 per cent off and stags, 40 per cent
off from, the abova quotations; dressed Hogs
7&@9KC '
There is nothing new in this market, supplies
being sufficient for • this demand. ,,
Wholesale- rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows: . ¦ .,
. BEEF— 6@6^c for Steers and 5@5i4c per lb for
COWS. ' . '' '-¦'.¦
. VEAL— Large, 7@8c; small, 8@9c per lb
MUTTON— Wethers,; 7@8c; Ewes, 7@7yjo per
pound. , . ¦ .
LAMB— 8@9c per lb. • . . .
San Francisco Meat Market.
Everything under this head remains tha same.
8 HIDES AND SKINS— Culls , and brands sell
about l%c tinder quotations. Heavy salted
Steers. 10%c; medium, 9%c; light. 9c; Cow
Hides, 9o for heavy and 80 for light; Stags,
6Uc; Salted Kip. 9^c; Salted 'Veal, 10c; Salted
Calf 10c; Dry Hides, 16@16%c; Culls. 14c; Dry
Kip" 16c; Dry Calf, 18c; Culls. and Brands. 15c;
Sheepskins, shearlings, 15@30c each; short Wool,
30@50c each; medium, 50@75c; long .Wool, 80c@$l
each; Horse Hides, salt, $2 50@2 75 for large and
$2@2 25 for medium, $1 50@l 75 for small and 6O0
for ¦ Colts; Horse Hides, dry, . $1 75 for large.
$1 25@1 50 for medium, $1 25 for small and 60c
for Colts. Deerskins— Summer or red skins,
35c; fall or medium skins, 30c; winter or thin
skins, 20c. Goatskins— Prime Angoras, 75c;
large and smooth, 50c; medium, 35c. . •
TALLOW— No. 1- rendered,' 4%@4%o per lb;
No. 2, 3%@4c; grease, 2%@3c.
WOOL-Spring, 1900 or. 1901— Humboldt and
Mendocino, 14@15%c; do Lambs', lie per lb;
Middle County, defective, 8@10c; Southern free,
7 months, ' 7@10c ; do. defective, 7 months. 70
8c; Oregon Valley fine 14@15c; do, medium and
coarae, ll@13c; Oregon, Eastern, choice, ll@tfc
do, fair to good, 9@llc; Nevada, 10@U£ C . Fall-
San Joaquin, 6%@8%c; San' Joaquin Lambs'
7%@9c ¦ .
. HOPS— New, 12@13o per lb. ,
Hides/ Tallow,' . Wbphand Hops.
compound and. Ho for pure; half-barrels, : pure,/
l«4c; 10-lb tins. ll%c; 6-lb tins. ll%c. :
COTTOLENE — One ' half-barrel. • 9%o ; - three
half-bar.rel8. .9>£c; one tierce, 9%c; two tierces,
9c; five tierces. 8%o per lb.
STOCK MARKET.
. fl**4S»
The Stock and Bond Exchange was not: In
session yesterday. There was a fair business
on the Oil Exchange. ...
Oil assessments delinquent yesterday wera
the Wisconsin 5c; Hanford-Fresno-Kern River,
5c. The Superior assessment of lc was delin
quent on the 30th.
MINING STOCKS.
The following were the. sales in -the San
Francisco Stock and Exchange Board yester
day: . .
.._. _„.; . Morning Session. .•»-">*¦• -~ ¦
300 Best & Beleher 07 400 Mexican 10
100 Caledonia ;. 17 400 Ophir 74
100 Con Cal & Va..l 70 500 Savage 05
200 Confidence ,.... 75 200 Yellow Jacket.. 15
.100.Hale & Norc.V 17 ¦ ¦
The following-were thesalea in tha'Pacific
Stock Exchange "yesterday: ¦¦•
Morning Session. 7:
300 Best & Belcher 08 200 Mexican ........ 11
100 Con Cal & V.I 72% 500 Ophir '75
200 Crown Point... 05 500 Sierra Nevada. 14
300 Mexican 10 200 Union Con ..... 09
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
SATURDAY, Aug. 31—12 m.
Bid. Ask. I Bid. Ask.
Alpha — 02 Justice 03 03
Alta ; 01 .-"So Kentuck — 02
Andes. 01 02 Lady Wash .... ¦ 01 —
Belcher 01 02 Mexican 09 10
Best-& Belcher 07 0£ Occidental 02 03
Bullion: 01 03 Ophir 74 76
Caledonia 13 19 Overman ..!.... 05 06
Challenge Con.. 19 20 Potosi 04 05
Chollar :.:...... 04 05 Savage 05. 07
Confidence 73 75 Scorpion — 01
Con Cal & Va..l 70 1 75 Seg Belcher.... — 01
Con Imperial... — 01, Sierra Nevada. 14 15
Con New York. — 01 Silver Hill 29 SO
Crown Point... .05 06 St Louis 06 —
Pureka Con 13 —Standard....... —3 25
Exchequer — 02 Syndicate — o<*
Gould & Curry 08 09 Union Con 09 10
Hale & Norc... 16 17 Utah 04 05
Julia — 02Yellow Jacket.. 14 16
» o ¦
The Giant Powder Co. has declared dividend
No. 33 of 75 cents a share.
FLOW OF BIVERS.
Following is a statement' of the estimated
flow of certain California; rivers in cubic feet
per second, or second feet, one second foot
equaling 60 California miner's Inches, or about
40 • Colorado ¦ miner's Inches.' The figures are
from J. B. LIppincott, hydrographer of the
United States Geological'Survey:
. CALL CALENDAR. . "
' -, ' ¦'•"¦¦... September, ¦ 1901. .':::. -
8.' M. T. W. T. F. S. Moon's Phases. : f
TTTTTTT (R. September 5,
_— . Last Quarter.
JL— — — — — JL A September 12.
16 16 17 18 19 20 21 New Moon.
¦ 1 -m September 20,1
JLiiiLiL Ji-iLJL ¦* First Quarter.
29' 30 ; " ' fSZ\ September 27. '
¦ — ¦ ¦ W Full Moon.
Kill All the Year. - \
The following new code of game laws is
proposed by the editor, of the New Haven
Palladium: - :;-""•¦;-.". " ;
Book agents iuay.be killed from October
1 to September 1; spring poets from March
1 to-June 1; scandal mongers, April 1 to
February 1; umbrella borrowers, August 1
to November 1, and from February 1. to
May--1, while every man, who accepts a
paper for two years, but when the bill ia
presented says: "I never ''ordered- It,"
may be killed on sight without reserve or
relief. from valuation or appraisement
laws, and burled face downward, without
benefit of' the!clergy^—New York Press.
-A prudent enemy Is. preferable to an in
discreet friend. ¦-¦ . - . '
There Is nothing new to report. Prices are
maintained and 1 tho demand is fair.
CURED MEATS— Bacon. 12c per lb for heavy.
12%c for light medium. 13%c for light. 14%e for
extra light and 16c for sugar cured; Eastern
sugar-cured Hams. 14@14%c; California Hams.
13%c; Mess Beef. $11 per barrel; extra Mess,
$12; Family, $12 60; prime Mess Pork, $15; ex
tra clear. $23; Mess, $19; Smoked Beef, 14o per
pound. - ¦ ..-••¦.. "¦-.!'' *•¦¦".¦¦
LARD — Tierces quoted : at ¦ 7@7%o per lb for
Provisions.
Weather Report.
: • (120tn Meridian — Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. Atlg 31—5 p. m.
' The following maximum temperatures were
reported from stations in California to-day:
Eureka, €6; Mount Tamalpais, 65; Independ
ence, 84; Red Bluff, S2; Fresno, 88; Los Ange
les 70; Sacramento. 76; Saa Luis Oblspo. 74;
San Diego. 80.
Tha following maximum and minimum tem
peratures were reported from Eastern stations:
Boston 82-62; Cincinnati, 90-66; Jacksonville,
S2-C8: Kansas City. 88-64: Philadelphia. 84-66;
Washington, S4-66; New York, 82-62.
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
60; minimum, E2; mean, 56.
' THE COABT RECORD.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
Generally cloudy weather prevails over the
northern half of the Pacific Elope and fair
over the southern. Conditions are very unset
tled from Central California northward. .The
presFure has fallen over the plateau region and
risen along the Pacific Coast.-*.
The temperature has fallen over southern
Washington and Wwtern Oregon. In other dis
tricts the changes have been slight. -
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight. September 1, 1901:
Northern California— Cloudy Sunday; proba
bly with scattering showers la the northern por
tion; fresh west wind.
- Bouthern California— Fair Sunday; light west
Nevada— Clondr: probably scattering Bhow
•n; fresh west wind.
Tho Prune crop of California this year is
estimated at . 55,000,000 lbs, against 170,000,000
last year. That of Oregon, ' Washington and
Idaho Is placed at 27,000,000 lbs. These with a
carry-over of about 25,000,000 lbs, give' a total
Prune crop for the whole Paciflc'Coast of only
107,000,000 lbs, or considrably less than half the
output of last- year. This, showing, coupled
with i a decreased European crop, is what
causes the present stiff market and good de
mand for this . fruit.
FRUITS— Apricots, 8@10c for Royals and 8®
14%c for standard to fancy Moorparks; Evapo
rated Apples, 7%@8%c; sun dried. 4@4V.c-
Peaches. 6@8c; Pears,, 5%@9c; Plums, pitted 4
@5%c; unpitted, l@2c; Nectarines, 6@6%o for
red and 6@6%o for white; Figs, 3Vio for black
PRUNES— Old crop are quoted by the Ass'o
clatlon on the basis of 3%c for the four sizes
New crop are quoted on tha basis of 3Vi®3Ha
for the four sizes. ....... »ww»»o
RAISINS— Are cleaned up and nominal
. NUTS— Walnuts, No. 1 softshell, 12@12%c-
No. 2, 8@8%c; No. 1 hardshell, 10@10%c; No 2*
6%@7%c; Almonds, 13@14c for papershell io®
lie for softshell and B@6c for hardshell- Pea
nuts, 6@7o for Eastern; Brazil Nuts 12®12V4c-
Filberts. 12@12%c; Pecans, U@13c; CocoanuV
$3 50@5. •.
HONEY— Comb, 12@12%o for bright and 10®
12o for light amber; water white extracted e5
@6o; light, amber extracted, 4%@Sc; dark, 4®
4%c. •
BEESWAX— 25®28o per lb.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
When you see a storm brewing don't ex
pect the downfall to ; take ; the form of
beer. *- . <-
CITRUS FRUITS— Oranges. $1 50@3 50; Lem
ons. $1@1 25 for common and $2 60@3 50 for good
to choice; Grape Fruit, 50c@$l 50; Mexican
Limes, $3 50@4; Bananas. 60c<g$l 60 per bunch-
Pineapples, $1 50@3 per dozen. :
GRAPES— Fontainebleau and Sweetwater 85
<g 60c per box and crate; Tokay, 40@75c per box-
Muscat, 35@65c; Seedless. 85c@$l 15; Black 35(3
60c; Isabella, 90c@$l 25; Wine Grapes, $25 per
ton for Zlnfandel. ¦ ¦
MELONS— Nutmegs, 10@40o per box; Canta
loupes, 25@50o per crate; Watermelons, $3<3#0
per 100.
BLACKBERRIES— $3@5 per chest
LOGAN BERRIES— Per chest, $5@8.
RASPBERRIES-$5@8 per chest.
HUCKLEBERRIES— 6@8c per lb.
FIGS— Black, 60c@$l for double layer boxes-
White, 40® 75c. . _ \
PEARS— Bartletts, $1@1 25 per box for No. 1,
60(g90c for No. 2 and $30@>40 per ton; other
Pears. 25@50c per box.
QUINCES— 40@65c per box.
STRAWBERRIES— $5@8 per chest for Long
worths and $3 60@7 for large berries.
PEACHES— 30@65c per box and $20@30 per ton
for frees and $35@45 for Clings; Peaches In car
riers, • 40@75c, according to size of carrier;
Mountain Peaches, 50@75c per box.
NECTARINES— White, per box; R«d
40®75c.
J PLUMS— 25@60c per box; Prunes, 35@75c per
crate; Washington Gages, $20 per ton- Ek
Plums, $15®2O per ton.
APPLES— 75c@$l 25 per box for good to choice
and 35@65c for ordinary.
CRABAPPLES— 65@75c per box, according to
package.
The market has been quiet and featureless
for a week, owing largely to the cool and foggy
weather, which always operates against the
fruit market. Melons have felt the effects of
this most and have been neglected, while
Grapes have also moved slowly. The leading
tree fruits, such as Pears, Peaches and Plums,
have kept steady, owing to the brisk call for
them for shipment, though Plums have been
showing more or less weakness for some days,
and medium and' lower qualities have been
somewhat slow. Oranges, Lemons and Limes
continue quiat, they, too, being largely depend
ent upon the weather for their, sale.
Berries sold at better prices yesterday.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Customs Duties.
The Cuetom-house receipts of duties on im
ports at this port during the month of Au
r-Jst were $5T7.»<5. Since January 1 the re
ceipts were $4,580,160.
Bank Clearings.
Local bank clearings during the past week
-were $24,106.8:6. acainst ¦ $20,281,685 during- the
E&me v eek last year. The clearings during
the month were $102,812,283, against $87,919,682
in August. 1900. For the flrst eight months
year tne >" were $752,401,130. against
S6w5,060,8C3 for the same time last year.
Mint Coinage.
The coinage at the local branch mint dur
ing the month of August was as follows:
Doable Eagles. $3.0SO,000; Eagles, $L(f70,000;
Half-eagles, Sl.S30,ouO; Standard Dollars. $21S.
©00: Half-dollars, J&i.Ooo. making a. tctal of
S7.OS0.WJ0. agalnet $6,550,000 in August, 1900.
Elnoe Ju!y l the coinage amounts to $11,255.
000.- ajrainst $12,230,627 during the same period
last year. 4
Exports of Flour and Grain.
FLOUR— Exports of Flour from this port
during: the month of August were 143.707 bbls,
valued *t $429,221. against 43.494 bbls, valued
at $346,5C9. in August. 1900. Since July 1 these
exports amount to 211,564 bbls, valued at
$623,059. aeainst 121.SS6 bbls, valued at $40S,
266. during the same period in 1900.
WHEAT— Exports of Wheat for the month
¦were £0,931 ctle, valued at- $S4,236. against
r2S,C21 ctls, valued at $240,750, in August. 190U.
Since July 1 the exports were 451,773 ctls. val
ued at $435,411. against S13,4iO ctls. valued at
5867,732, in July and August, 1900.
BARLEY— Exports of liarley In August were
<77.113 ctls. valued at $429,159, against 601.791
ctls. valued at $i59,26S. in August, 1900. Since
July 1 the exports were 507,072 ctls, valued at
54^6, C43.
Exports of Wine and Brandy.
WINE— Exports of Wine in August were
S67 cs and 150,€S9 gals, valued at $54,245, mak
ing the total exports since January 1, €334 cs
and 3,342,:42 r&ls, valued e.t $1,126,143.
BRAXDY — Exports of Brandy during the
month were 1 cs and 15 gals, valued at $45,
making the total exports since January 1, 27
cs and 27C3 gals, valued at $22SL
Exports of Quicksilver.
Exports of Quicksilver during the month
¦were 4£1 - flasks, valued at $21,667. Since Jan-
Ufu~y 1 these exports were 40S4 flasks, valued
at JIS1.5C9.
To-Morroiv a Holiday.
To-tncrrow being Labor Day and a legal
holiday, business will be suspended through
out the United States.
Dried Fruits in New York.
¦ -Mall reports from New York say:
"For roost descriptions a fair Jobbing de
xnand is noted through the list. -On spot ral-
Blns the firmness noticed for several days past
continues. Sellers' views are around 7%c to
8c en seeded, with some purchases noted on
the coast to come East at C*ic. There Is re
.port«-d to be only a moderate supply of seed
ed here, and other neaxby markets- are said
to be reluctant sellers. '. Loose raisins offer
ing from the coast at 5%c for 2 crown are said
to be for mincemeat purposes only. Three
crown on the epot are firm at 6&c. We hear
of a little buying of seedless muscatels at 6%c
In round lots, the same, it* Is believed, being
Intended for u*e by mincemeat makers. It
Is reported that some business Is pending for
a round lot. In imported raisins the market
cor.tinues without prominent feature. In some
quarters sultanas are said to be a little firmer.
Ne'.v crcp Valencia raisins are offered to ar
rive at Sc. We note a steady situation in cur
rants on the spot, and a little Jobbing Interest
Is reDOrted on the basis of 9c for Amelias In
barrels. There is no Important buying noted,
however. New crop is attracting little inter
est, and it seems now established that first
ehipments will not leave by direct boat be
fore early September. In prunes spot is steady
and generally pretty firm. Some sales of 40-50s
ara noted at 7c. A little buying of old fruit
t. o. b. Coast is reported on the S!«c basis
lor the four sizes. New fruit possesses little
attraction for buyers here at the moment We
hear cf quotations en new (outside) at 3Uc
basis for Visalia and 3%c for Santa Clara.
Association opening has not been fixed. .In
apricots arrivals of new receive a little atten
tion, buyers taking goods In email lots, appar
ently ar wanted. Offers of choice Royals are
available on the Sc basis in 25-lb boxes from
one quarter, and 12%c is asked for fancy
Moorparks, also in 25-lb boxes. • Peaches are
quiet for both new and old. In nuts, outside
cf a little, firmness noted In Brazil nuts, the
market offers little feature to-day. A little
buying of new crop California almonds Is re
ported. Imported almonds are quiet, with a
moderate Interest in futures."
There Is no change In Cheese.
Eggs rule firm. Stocks are not large and the
demand is good enough to consume all the fresh
arrivals. Prices remain about the same.
Receipts were 36,800 pounds of Butter, B45
cases of Eggs, 460 cases of Eastern Eggs, 3300
pounds of California Cheese and pounds
of Eastern Cheese.
BUTTER— Creamery, 26@27c per lb for fancy
and 25c for seconds; dairy. 18@24c; store But
t.er. 15@17%c per lb; Creamery Tub. 18@20c;
Pickled Roll, 17019c; Keg, 16@18c per lb.
CHEESE — New, lie; old, nominal; Young
America, ll%c per lb; Eastern, 13® 15c.
EGGS— Ranch,. 25@28c for good to fancy;
store, 17@22%o per dozen; Eastern, 16@21c.
Dealers continue to quote a dragging market
for Butter, especially for the medium and lower
grade's.' The tendency is to give "buyers con
cessions to work off the surplus stock and some
commission merchants say that they can buy
cheaper on the street than for the past week
or so.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
GAME— Doves, per dozen, 75c@$l; Hare, 75c@
$1; Rabbits, $1@1 25 for Cottontail . and $1 for
Brush.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys. 9@10c for Gobblers
and 10@12c for Hens; Young Turkeys, 20c;
Geese, per pair, $1 25@1 75; Goslings, $160@175;
Ducks, $3@3 50 for old and $3 50@5 for young;
Hens $3 50@4 50; young Roosters, $5@6; old
Roosters, $3 50@4 50; Fryers, $4 50; Broilers, $3 50
@4 for large and $2@3 for small; Pigeons, $1 25
©1 50 per dozen for old and $1 25@1 50 for
Squabs.
¦ The market was nominal yesterday, . as usual
on Saturday, receipts being Insignificant. Game
was lower. V
Poultry and Game.
San Francisco and vicinity— Generally cloudy
and foggy Sunday; fresh west wind. .
FRUIT AND WHEAT BULLETIN.
. Hanford— Favorable for all crops; grapes for
winery move Monday.
Hollister — Threshers busy; wheat and barley
yielding well.
£;ntura— Cool weather; peaches and apples
ning slowly.
Santa Maria— Good yield of oats, barley and
Chevalier wheat fair; fruit light; beans prom
ising. .
San Jose — Very heavy fog; bad drying
weather.
Palermo— Peaches harvested; peas nearly
dried; figs being aired; oranges looking well.
Napa — Hay and grain yield 90 per cent of
normal; fruit 75.
Weekly Bank Statement.
SEW YORK, Aug. 31.— The statement of the
associated banks for the week ending to-day
shows :
Loans. $S95,1S6.600: increased, 17,349,200.
Deposits, J96S.121.900: decreased. $27,700.
Circulation, $30,097,400: Increased, $1,089,800.
Legal tenders. $77,159,090; decreased. $99,900.
Specie. $176,791,400; decreased, $6,135,200.
Reserves, $253,950,400; decreased. $6,235,100.
Reserve required, $243,030,475; decreased, $6925.
Surplus. $11,919,923; decrease, $6,22S,175.
The Financier says: The cash in the banks
last week was largely affected by the ordinary
sub-treasury operations as well as by the In
terior movement of money. The extraordinary
operations of the sub-treasury consisted of the
payments for $1,502,200 new gold on assay office
checks, representing domestic bullion and de
. posits at Pacific Coast points and the disburse
ments of J34S.500 for bonds and of $913,000 for
pensions. These items make a total of $2,763,
7C0. The sub-treasury received from the banks
$1,850,000 for transfer to the interior, leaving
$9,131,700 net gain to the banks on extraordinary
operations. Receipts by the sub-treasury for
customs, internal revenue and other items
were $18,925,000, while the disbursements to the
banks for ordinary purposes were $14,305,300,
leaving an excess of receipts over payments by
the sub-treasury of $4,823,700. The banks
shipped directly to the Interior, chiefly to Chi
cago, $5,9S8,S0O, exclusive of transfers which
are included in the above statement, and the
banks received . from the interior $4,385,300.
leaving* as the . net loss to the- banks on this
direct movement $1,607,500. Adding the net loss
to the banks of $3,7in,50O on sub-treasury opera
tions, both ordinary and extraordinary, ' makes
the total loss of cash by the banks for the
week $5,314,000. The bank returns showed a loss
of $6,235,100 in cash. The loans were expanded
by $7,349,200. There was a decrease of only
$27,S00 in deposits, whereas there should have
been shown an increase of $1,114,100. The cir
culation gained $1,0%9.SOO, and the loss In sur
plus reserve was $6,2SS,175, leaving this Hem
at $11,919,925. There was good evidence early
last week that some of the $4,000,000 cash which
had been sent to Philadelphia late in the pre
vious week had been returned to this city. It
will be observed that the drain of money into
the treasury from the banks for customs and
Internal revenue was quite large last week and
this movement may continue Important in the
near future. In t=uch a case a concurrent move
ment to the interior tot crop purposes would
very soon seriously reduce the surplus reserves.
It Is true that the Assistant Treasurer has
been given authority to buy bonds to large
amounts should they be offered, but judging
from the comparatively small tenders of bonds
which were made last week relief to the mar
ket through bond purchases, should relief be
needed, would be quite ineffective. Any ma
terial advance In rates for money as the re
sult of these conditions would be almost cer
tain to cause such a fall in foreign exchange
rates as to bring gold from Europe. This
would afford far more effective relief to the
market than any other available method.
Condition of the Treasury.
WASHINGTON, ' Aug. 3L— To-day's state
ment of the Treasury balances in the general
fund, exclusive of the $150,000,000 gold re
serve in the division of redemption shows:
Available cash balance, $178,713,015; gold, $10S,
323.111. ' -.
London Market.
LONDON*. Aug. 21.— Anaconda, 9%; Canadian
Pacific, 116H: Denver & Rio Grande, 4S%; do
preferred, 97%;, Northern Pacific preferred,
101%: Southern Pacific, 62%: Union Pacific.
105%; do preferred, 92%: bar silver, quiet, 27d
per ounce: money. Iff Hi per cent.
LIVERPOOL. Aug. 3L— Hops at London—Pa
cific Coast, £3 6s@3 10s.
Exports and Imports.
NEW TORK, Aug. 31.— The Imports of dry
goods and merchandise at the port of New
York for the week ending to-day are valued
at *9.200.165.
The imports of specie this week were $160,044
gold and $93,218 ellver. ¦
Exports of silver from this port to all coun
tries for this week aggregate $1,184,170.
New York Money Market.
NEW YORK, Auc 31.— Prime mercantile
paper, 4%®5 per cent. Sterling Exchange
weak, "with actual business In bankers' bills
at 4.8G for demand and. at 4.84 for sixty days.
Posted rates, 4.8504.87%. Commercial . bills,
4.83U@*-83«4. Bar Bilver. E8%c. Mexican dol
lars. 45%c. . -
New York Coffee Market.
NEW YORK. Aug. 8L— Coffee futures closed,
net unchanged to 5 points lower. Spot quiet
and unchanged. September, -4.6594.70c;' Oc
tober. 4.75c; November, 4.85@4.9Oc; December,
&ijJ5.05c: January, 6.10@5.15c; February, 6.15®
r».20c; March, 5.20S5.30c; July,. 6.50c -
Eastern Livestock Markets.
CHICAGO.
CHICAGO, Aug. 31.— CATTLE— Receipts. 800;
nominally steady. Good to prime steers, $5 70
<§>o'30; poor to medium, $3 80@>5 60; stockera and
feeders, slow. $2 25@>4 25; cows, $2 45@4 60; helf
ere $2 B0®5; canners*. $1 60@2 40; bulls, $2 25®
4 CO: calves, $3S* 60; - Texas steers, $4@5 10;
Texas grassers, $3 30®4;' bulls and Western
steers, $4@5. . ' ¦ ' ¦
HOGS— Receipts to-day, 12,000; Monday, 30.
000; estimated left over. 3000; - strong, to 5 6c
higher, except packers, weak ; top. $6 75. Mixed
and butchers. $5 85@6 70; good to choice heavy,
$6@6 75; roueh heavy, $5 80@5 95; light, fo 850
6 CO; bulk of sales, $6 10@6 50.
SHEEP— Receipts, 12,000; eheep and lambs,
steady. Choice wethers, $3 40@4 25: fair to
choice mixed. $3 10<g"3 60; Western sheep, 13 SO
@3 &5; Western lambs, $4@5 25.
ST. JOSEPH.
8T. JOSEPH, Ma, Aug. 31.—CATTLE—Re
ceipts 300; market steady. Cows 'and heifers.
$1©4 75; bulls and stags. fS<&t 60; stockers and
feeders. $2@3 90; veals, $2 25@5 25.
.' HOGS— Receipts, 3500. Market strong to' Be
higher. - Light and light mixed, $6@6 25; medium
and heavy. $6 25@6 47%; pigs. ?3 £0@5 50; bulk,
$6 2006 37%. . -
SHEEP- Receipts, none. - • .
Portland's Business.
. PORTLAND, - Aur. 8L— Clearings, $319,230;
balances, $92,41*. . . . -/v'-v.
VEGETABLES— Green Peas, 1%@3%c; String
Beans lV4©3c: Llmas, 2@3c; Cabbage, 60® 65c
per ctl; Tomatoes from the river, 30@50c; from
Alameda, 40@7Bc; . Dried Peppers,, 10@12^c;
Green Okra, 85@65c per box; Carrots, 25@35c per
sack; Cucumbers, Bay, 25@40c; Pickles, 1V4S1V4C
per lb for small and lc for large; Garlic, 2@3c;
Green Peppers, 40@60c per box for Chile and 25
@50c for Bell; Egg Plant, 25@40c per box; Green
Corn, 30@85c per sack; Alameda, 60c@$l per
crate; Berkeley, 50@75c; Summer Squash, large
boxes, 25@50c; New Marrowfat Squash, nom
inal.
POTATOES— W 25@1 55 in sacks and Jl 35@1 65
in boxes for Burbanks, j $1 15@1 25 for Garnet
Chiles and $1 10@l 25 for Early Rose; Salinas
Burbanks, $1400160; Sweets. 75c@$l for Rivers
and $1(51 25 for Merced.
ONIONS— Yellow, $1 15@1 35 per ctl; Pickle
Onions, 50@75c per ctl.
Potatoes were quieter yesterday,^ Some deal
ers ascribed it to a falling off In shipping
orders, but others to the holiday to-morrow.
Whichever is the case it is said by all that
shippers are catching up with' their shipping
orders, whereas they have heretofore been away
behind. Prices stand • about the same.
Onions continue firm. \ There is not much
chanee in Vegetables. ; . . ¦
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — J4 S3'4,
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 87*s
Sterling Cables — 4 8SVi
New York Exchange, sight — 10
New York Exchange, telegraphio — 12%
Silver, per ounce — b&hi
Mexican Dollars, nominal 47 @ 47V*
Exchange and Bullion.
(NOTE.— As the Produce Exchange was not in
session yesterday quotations for grain, mill
stuffs, etc., are accordingly omitted. Business
will be resumed on Tuesday.)
The appraisers who are investigating the
valves ¦ of the oil properties in Kern
County are not more, than half through
with their task. They appear to be pro
ceeding in a way to find out the facts to
their entire satisfaction. "If a company."
says' the Californlan, "claims that its
wells are producing 1500 barrels dally and
Its shipments are but 900 barrels, the gen
tlemen at once try to determine what has
become of the missing. 600. barrels. After
this question is disposed of a careful In
spection of each producing well Is made
and a record of the strata encountered In
drilling is noted.. Even the ; minutest de
tails are taken notice of, as, for example,
the method' of perforating the casing."
Statements are taken; from the superin
tendents : of the ; several . producing com
panies as the starting point in .the inves
tigation, and the next step Is to verify the
reports as received. The appraisers have
now. been employed in " Kern • County
something more than a fortnight. /
. The Santa Barbara Press says that
there will be active development of- oil
lands In the northern , part of Santa- Bar
bara' County in .the .immediate, future.
The latest" company to take tha field is
operating in the Jalama Canyon on the
Dibblee ranch., A- location was made by
A.- S. Cooper for the first well. ' •:• •
"It now begins to look," says the Ba
kersfield Californlan, "that the renewal
of activity which was predicted In the
local field in summer is near at hand, and
it is no longer a guess when it is stated
that the next few months will bring a
revival of development and general work
In the oil fields." •
Predicting Activity.
The Williams Farmer reports that the
oil companies in Colusa. County are mak
ing progress. According. to the Farmer's
account the Smith & ,Gorrill Company,
operating twelve miles southwest of Wil
liams, on lands leased from the Colusa
County Bank, has two wells down 400 to
600 feet. The company is drilling a third
hole. The Colusa Oil Company, operating
ten miles northwest from Williams, is
down 300 feet and has suspended opera
tions for a time but will resume soon. The
Williams Oil Company is nine miles west
of Williams and is drilling there and has
a hole about 400 feet deep. The R. H. Her
ron well. is twenty-four miles west from
Williams. This is not working because of
a shortage of the water supply. The Bear
Valley Oil and Development Company is
twelve miles southeast from Williams and
Is on the H. P. Eakle lease. The well is
down 276 feet. The crew has been dis
missed. The Cahalls Oil and Mining Com
pany is operating twenty-eight miles west
from Williams, on land owned by the
company. The drill is down about 200
feet. The Minor Ranch Oil Company is
down 1 200 feet, having drillers under, con
tract at a stipulated price per foot. ' The
Gibson Oil Company has a standard rig
rusting on Bear Creek, twenty-four miles
west from Williams, while the courts are
considering litigation affecting the com
pany. The lease of lands by A. A. 1 Gib
son and * his partner, Martin, according
to the Farmer, expired August 10.
The Hollister" Bee reports that the
Calistoga' Oil -and Development Company
has sunk 570 feet in • the Vallecitos .Val
ley and that work is being carried on
night and day.
J. E. Ha verstick, president of the
Rockhill Iron and Coal Company of
Pennsylvania," evidently believes . that
coke can be made in California from
the coal and- oils of the. San Joa
quin Valley. In a letter '• addressed
to. the "secretary, of the Chamber of
Commerce of Stockton, Haverstick writes
that there is considerable movement of
coke from Pennsylvania to the Pacific
Coast. It seems to him that by mixing
coal and oil there may be an opening for
the manufacture of coke near Stockton.
He asked many questions concerning the
feasibility of establishing a coke plant
close to Stockton. Haverstick's letter,
having been read before a meeting of the
Stockton Chamber of Commerce, the sec
retary of the" chamber was instructed to
forward the desired Information without
delay. ¦¦¦'.. ¦ ¦._ ,
Propose Coke-Making.
In the Kern River field there la less than
one weir to five acres, of proven land. In the
McKlttrick field the case Is practically the
same, while In Midway there are thousands of
acres • of unproven land, which is almost cer
tain to prove very valuable. \ In Sunset there
is a great stretch of valuable land. There are
thousands of acres of demonstrated land In the
Ventura County fields, and the same Is true
of the Newhall field in Los Angeles County.
In this city there is little valuable land, except
for deepening purposes, unless it lies in direc
tions as yet undemoristrated. This much seems
to be known to all persons Interested In oil,
but to many of them the idea j seems to pre
vail-that there is hot so great an area of
proven land in tha fields further south—"WTiit
tler, Puente and Fullertoh. There are many oil
men in. the State who do not realize what im
mense values lie in that quarter. In -the Whlt
tier field alone there is now land practically
proven to be the equal of anything in Califor
nia which affords room for more wells than
have been drilled in the Los Angeles field in all
time, and the boundaries- of the field are by no
means fixed. • . - \
Something has stimulated the sale bt
shares of stock, in California oil com
panies on the exchanges in this city and
also In Los Angeles recently. Prices
have risen in-some- instances and ¦ the
sales have been larger in volume. The
prevailing cause is probably the- belief,
which seems tq be quite general, that the
prices for oil will improve as the result
of the combinations of well owners: In
some quarters doubt is expressed wheth
er another spurt in development work
would not have the tendency to interfere
with . the restoration of prices. At • least
one scheme that has been proposed ¦ to
the oil operators had as its main idea the
proposition that the committee J which
was to have charge of the marketing of
the oil produced by an association should
also have the right to provide what the
output should be. Evidently, there are
problems enough in the oil business to
engage attention on the part of the own
ers of properties and their, advisers for
a considerable period. The Los Angeles
Herald says that the operators who have
supplied it with information do not con
sider the ; present an opportune time to
resume development work. There is
enough ."demonstrated" oil land in the
State to afford work for five to ten times
the wells that have been drilled. • There
is much land where It is necessary to
drill regardless of price, on account' of
leases, which ; insures a considerable in
crease in production entirely regardless
of the demand for oil. The Herald says:
Some Cause Gives Stocks a
Lift and Measure pf
Activity.
To-nwrrow a holiday. _ ' :
Bank clearings continue to gain over last year.
Produce and Bond exchanges not in session.
Potatoes quieter and easy. Onions still firm.
Poultry in small receipt and nominal.
Butter dragging, Cheese steady and. Eggs firm.
Cool, foggy weather still operating against Fruit.'
Dried Fruits remain as before quoted.
Provisions steady, with a fair demand.
Nothing new in Wool, Hides and Hops.
Quotations for Meats as before given:
Fair business in oil stocks.
Question of Production
May Concern Oil ;
Prices.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
MANY PROBLEMS
FOR OPERATORS
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL NEWS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 1, 1901.
31
IACRAMENTO RIVER AT JELLYS FERRY.
Second
I Feet.
DATE.
1900.-
1901.
.ugust 18.....
ugust 19 .:
.ugust 20.
.ugust 21
.Ugust 22
.Ugust 23
ugust 24
3S05
3805
3805
3805
3S05
3S05
3805
SS05
3805
SS05
3805
3805
'. 3805 :
' 3805 ¦
KINGS RIVER AT RED
:ount.
IN.
Second
1 Feet..
DATE.
1900.
1901.
2242
2034
1546
1380
1240 -
1100
970
ugust 18...........
ugust 19
.ugust 20 :
.ugust 21
,ugust 22
.ugust 23........
.ugust 24
360
320
320
320
820
320
320
TUOLUMNE RIVER AT £
gra:
GE.
DATE.
. Second
¦woo.:
1 Feet.
1901. .
.ugust 18
URUSt 19
.UgUSt 20
UKiist 21.....
.uguat 22................
.ugust 23.... '
.ugust 24 .
77
77
77
47
47
27
27
250
190 • *
\ «60 £
490
950
j 660 -
490
STATIONS.
o
3
3
a
JR.tt O
: g: 3 £»
n
a
?a
a
Astoria. - 29.96 64 M S ClouiSy .00
BakT 29.78 *? <8 6H Pt Cldy .00
Carson 29.M 78 46 W Cloudy .M
Eureka SO. 00 66 60 NB Cloudy .00
Fresno 29-** S3 M W Pt Cldy .00
Flagstaff 30.06 78 44 W Pt Cldy .00
Pocatello Ida.ho.29. 84 8$ 50 S Clear .00
Independence ....29.76 84 ES S Clear .00
lx>» Angele. 23.94 80 54 W Clear .00
Phoenix ». 76 104 76 NTV Clear .00
Portland 29.92 ?! K N Cloudy .00
Ped Bluff 29W 82 "68 SE Cloudy .00
Boseburr 29.92 74 68 NW Cloudy .00
Eaciamento 29.92 76 E4 S Cloudy .T
Bait I^ake 29.82.86 62 N" Clear .00
Ban Fra.ncii«co ..30.02 60 £2 W Rain T.
Ban L«ls Oblspo.30.00 74 64 W Clear T.
San Diego 29.82 70 68 NW Clear .00
gpattle 29.82 76 66 W Cloudy .00
Spokane 29.89 86 64 SW , Pt Cldy .00
iciah Bay ..•- 29.92 60 64 SYST Rain .12
¦U'alla Walla 29.76 88 64 S Cloudy .00
Wlnnemucca ....29.76 84 44 SW Cloudy .00
Yuma 29.74 104 74 6W Clear .00
STATIONS.
if it
Bil
a
ft
tn
*E
to
I?
Hanford 92
Hollister 79
Riverside 93
Santa Maria 70
Palermo 80
N'apa 73
San Jose 73
Ventura 69
60
49
46
55
SO
52
64'
50
s
sw
NW
Clear :
Pt Cldy
Cloudy
Cloudy
Cloudy
Clear
.00
.00
.00
.00,
.00
.00
.00
.00
IACRAMENTO RIVER AT JELLYS FERRY.
Second
I Feet.
DATE.
1900.-
1901.
.ugust 18.....
ugust 19 .:
.ugust 20.
.ugust 21
.Ugust 22
.Ugust 23
ugust 24
3S05
3805
3805
3805
3S05
3S05
3805
SS05
3805
SS05
3805
3805
'. 3805 :
' 3805 ¦
KINGS RIVER AT RED
:ount.
IN.
Second
1 Feet..
DATE.
1900.
1901.
2242
2034
1546
1380
1240 -
1100
970
ugust 18...........
ugust 19
.ugust 20 :
.ugust 21
,ugust 22
.ugust 23........
.ugust 24
360
320
320
320
820
320
320
TUOLUMNE RIVER AT £
gra:
GE.
DATE.
. Second
¦woo.:
1 Feet.
1901. .
.ugust 18
URUSt 19
.UgUSt 20
UKiist 21.....
.uguat 22................
.ugust 23.... '
.ugust 24 .
77
77
77
47
47
27
27
250
190 • *
\ «60 £
490
950
j 660 -
490
STATIONS.
o
3
3
a
JR.tt O
: g: 3 £»
n
a
?a
a
Astoria. - 29.96 64 M S ClouiSy .00
BakT 29.78 *? <8 6H Pt Cldy .00
Carson 29.M 78 46 W Cloudy .M
Eureka SO. 00 66 60 NB Cloudy .00
Fresno 29-** S3 M W Pt Cldy .00
Flagstaff 30.06 78 44 W Pt Cldy .00
Pocatello Ida.ho.29. 84 8$ 50 S Clear .00
Independence ....29.76 84 ES S Clear .00
lx>» Angele. 23.94 80 54 W Clear .00
Phoenix ». 76 104 76 NTV Clear .00
Portland 29.92 ?! K N Cloudy .00
Ped Bluff 29W 82 "68 SE Cloudy .00
Boseburr 29.92 74 68 NW Cloudy .00
Eaciamento 29.92 76 E4 S Cloudy .T
Bait I^ake 29.82.86 62 N" Clear .00
Ban Fra.ncii«co ..30.02 60 £2 W Rain T.
Ban L«ls Oblspo.30.00 74 64 W Clear T.
San Diego 29.82 70 68 NW Clear .00
gpattle 29.82 76 66 W Cloudy .00
Spokane 29.89 86 64 SW , Pt Cldy .00
iciah Bay ..•- 29.92 60 64 SYST Rain .12
¦U'alla Walla 29.76 88 64 S Cloudy .00
Wlnnemucca ....29.76 84 44 SW Cloudy .00
Yuma 29.74 104 74 6W Clear .00
STATIONS.
if it
Bil
a
ft
tn
*E
to
I?
Hanford 92
Hollister 79
Riverside 93
Santa Maria 70
Palermo 80
N'apa 73
San Jose 73
Ventura 69
60
49
46
55
SO
52
64'
50
s
sw
NW
Clear :
Pt Cldy
Cloudy
Cloudy
Cloudy
Clear
.00
.00
.00
.00,
.00
.00
.00
.00
AUCTION SALES
iK_^ . At , auction I will sell 1 car of choice
/r^ all-purposed Horses. . 1 handsome spotted
saddle horse, 1 span fine mules, also large as-
sortment of wagons, buggies and harness, at
1140 Folsom St., Tuesday. September 3, 11 a. in.
S. WATKINS, Auctioneer. .
OCEAN TBAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
1 k Steamers leave Broadway
W^ ¦ - . Wharf. San Francisco:
BflSfr»a.-. For Alaskan ports — 11 a. m.,
ISBpBBck Sept. 4. 8, 13, 18. 23, 23, Oct.
I»»Pwv5H 3. Change to company's
KktSrw^ steamers at Seattle.
B^aBl For Victoria, Vancouver (B.
IBa^rai C.) Port Townsend. Seattle.
f^^B|^BS Tacoma, Everett and New
Whatcom (Wash.) — 11 a. m..
Sept. 4, 8, 13. 18. 23. 28, Oct. 3.
Chang© at Seattle for this
company's steamers for Alaska and G. N. Ry. :
at Seattle or Tacomd for N. P. Ry. ; at Van-
couver to C. P. Ry. '-.'•«• ¦- . ' ¦
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay)— 1:30 p. m. Sept.
4, 9, 14. 19, 24, 29, Oct. 4. i
For San Diego, stopping only at Santa Bar-
bara, Port Los Angeles and Redondo (Loa An-
geles) — Steamer Santa Rosa. Sundays. 9 a. m. :
steamer State of California, "Wednesdays. 9
a. m. - .-..,.•'.
For Los Angeles, calling' at Santa Cms.
Monterey, San Simeon, Cayucos, Port Harford
(San Luis Oblspo), Gaviota, Santa Barbara,
Ventura, Hueneme, East San Pedro, San Pe-
dro and 'Newport ('Corona only) — Steamer Co-
rona. Saturdays, 9 a. m. ; steamer Bonlta, Tues-
days. 9 a. m. >]". ¦
For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay, San Jose del
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz. Santa Rosalia
and Guaymas (Mex.) — 10 a. ra.. 7th each month.
For further • information . obtain company
folders.
The company 'reserves the right to change
steamers, sailing days and hours of sailing,
without previous notice.
TICKET OFFICE— 4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO., Gen. Agents,
. . 10 Market St.. San Frandsoo.
O. R. & N. CO.
Only Steamship Xiln» **»
PORTLAND, Or.,
And Short Rail Lino from Portland to all
points East. Through ¦ tickets to all
points, nil rail nr Kteatnshta and rail, at
liOTVEST RATCHIS.
STEAMER TICKETS INCLUDE BEBTH and HEALS.
BS. COLUMBIA ."...
Sails Aug. a. 31. Sept. 10, 20, , 30
SS. GEO. W. ELDER
....Sails Aug. 26. Sept. 5. 15. 23
D.'W.HITCHCOCK,GEN.Agt..l Montgm'y, S.F.
AMERICAN LINE.
5E1T TORK, 80UTHAHPT0N. LONDON. PAEI3.
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New Tork "Wednesdays, at 10 a. m.
Philadelphia ...Sept, 111 St. Louis Sept. 25
St. Paul Sept. 18 Philadelphia Oct. 2
Haverford Sept. 21'Pt. Paul Oct. 9
RED STAR LINE.
New York and Antwerp.
From New Tork Wednesdays, at 12 noon.
•Vaderland .....Sept. 11 Friesland Oct. 2
Kensington* ....Sept. 18 Southwark Oct. 9
•Zeeland Sept. 25 'Vaderland Oct. IS
•Stop at Cherbourg, eastbound.
INTERNATIONAL. NAVIGATION CO..
CHAS. D. TAYLOR,
General Agent Pacific Coast, 30 Montgomery st.
Aotfaanf 4> <T C PA' " AWA "' SAM0 *» HF> '
qccaniC5.s.io. s-s
5. S. MARIPOSA, for Honolulu only
:. Sunday, Sept. 1, at 10 a. m.
S. S. AUSTRALIA, for Tahiti
Wednesday. September 11. 10 a- rn.
5. S. VENTURA (via Honolulu), for Samoa,
New Zealand and Australia
'....-. Thursday, September 12, 10 a. m.
J. 0.8PRECKELS & BROS. CO., OinsraJ Agents. 327 Harlot St
Een'l Passenger Office, 643 Market St., Pisr Io. 7. Pacific St
KOSMOS LINE.
SS. SERAPIS. 5000 tons, sailing Sept. 7th.
Carrying passengers for Valparaiso and Ham-
burg, via Mexican ports, Central and South
America, SS. SESOSTRIS. sailing about Nov. 1.
J D. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO.. Agents. 643
Market St., Pier No. 7. Freight Office, 327 Mar-
ket st. •» ' " -
PANAMA R-R.^^
TO NEW YORK VIA PANAMA DIRECT.
Cabin, $103: Steerage. $40; Meals Free.
6. S. Leelanaw «n!U , Sept.
S. S. Argyll sails , Oct.
S. S. Leelanaw sai.'s , Oct.
From : — at 2 p. m.
Frf ight and Passenger Office. 330 Market st.
F. F. CONNOR, Pacific Coast Agent.
COMFAGNIS GENERALS TRANSATLANTIQUS
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. .^.^.
Sailing every Thursday, Instead of «£???•
Saturday, at 10 a. m., from pier 42, ••S'irtWCS&l
North River, foot of Morton street; La Cham-
pagne September 5; *La Savoie, September 12;
•L'Aq'ultaine, September 19; La Bretagne, Sep-
tember 26.
First class to Havre, $70 and upward. Second
class to Havre, $45 and upward. GENERAL
AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES and CANA-
DA. 32 Broadway (Hudson building), New York.
J. F. FUGAZI & CO., Pacific Coast Azents. 5
Montgomery avenue. San Francisco. Tickets
sold by all Railroad Ticket • Agents.
?Twin Screw Express Steamers. ¦ .
BAY AND RIVER STEAMERS.
FOR U. S. NAVY YARD : AND VALLEJO.
Steamers GEN. FRISBIE or MONTICELLO
'. 9:45 a. m.. 3:15 and 8:30 p. m.. except Sun-
day. Sunday, 9:43 a. m., 8:30 p. m. Leaves
Vallejo 7 a. m., 12:30 noon, 6 p. m.. except
Sunday. Sunday. 7 a. m., 4:15 p. m. Fare 60
cents. Telephone Main 150*. Landing and of-
fice, pier 2. Mijslnn-st. dock. HATCH BROS.
railVay travel.
Santa Fe Trains
Leave Market-street Ferry Depot.
Local Llm'd Ovrl'd Local
-' Dally •• Dally Dally
Lv. San Fran 7:20 a 9:00 a 8:00 p 4:20 p
Ar. Stockton. 10:18 a 11:45 a 11:10 p 7:18 p
•• Merced... 12:22 p 1:17 p 1:19 a 9:11 p
•• Fresno.... 2:05 p 2:35 p 3:05a 10:60 p
"Hanford.. 3:12 p 3:27 p 7:06 a ........
• •• Vlsalla... 3:40 p 4:43a ...;....
" Bakrsfleld 6:15 p 6:20 p 7:30 a :..
" Kan City 2:40 a 7:30 a
«: Chicago 2:15p »:00 p
a for morning, p for afternoon. ¦. . 1* .• ¦
•9 a., m. train is the California Lim-
ited, leaving Monday and Thursday only,
• carrying • Palace Sleeping Cars and Dining
Cars through to Chicago. Chair Car runs
to Bakersfleld for accommodation of local
first-class passengers. No second-class
tickets honored on this train. • Corregpond-
' ing train arrives at 5:55 p. m. Tuesday and
Friday. - . . • ' • . - ¦
y4:2O p. m. Is Stockton and Fresno local.
Corresponding train arrives at 12:30 p. m.
daily. , ¦
8:00 p. m. Is the Overland Express with
through Palace and Tourist Sleepers and
Free Reclining. Chair Cars to Chicago; also
Palace Sleeper, which cuts out at Fresno.
Corresponding train arrives at 6:55 p. m.
7:20 a. m.' is Bakersfleld Local.-' stopping at
all points in San Joaquin Valley. Corre-
sponding train arrives at 8:40 a, m.' daily.
Of flees— 641 Market street and " In Ferry
Depot, San Francisco; 1112 Broadway. Oak-
land
WHITE PASSAND
YUKON ROUTE.
> To th« ATLIN, WHITE HORSE. HOOTA-
LINQUA, BIO SALMON,' STEWART RIVER,
KLONDIKE and, YUKON : MINING DIS-
TRICTS.; " '
: >Ocean steamers connecting " with rail line at
Skaguay. Alaska. - .
DOUBLE DAILY TRAIN SERVICfl BE-
TWEEN SKAGUAY AND WHITE HORSE.
- Special Steamer from White Horse to Hoota-
linqua and Big Salmon mines. \ ¦
Direct connection made at WHITE HORSE
WITH ' BRITISH * YUKON NAVIGATION
COMPANY'S FLEET OF FINE STEAMERS
TO DAWSON. "''- - • -.,.--.
Connections made at DAWBON FOR ALL
LOWER YUKON RIVER POINTS.
¦For freight over this route, quick dispatch is
assured; to the- traveler, comfort' and quick
time. ¦/.<-•¦•- ' .- ' ...
The r" White. Pass and Yukon Route. ~ la tha
Summer Tourist's Paradise..' .. i. «&
B.- C. HAWKINS, General Manager, Seattle.
.Wash. ¦•-.. . ¦ . ¦ .¦-...¦
J. FRANCIS LEE. Traffic Manager.
- . Skaguay. Alaska: Seattle.. Wash.
¦ . = M. P. BRASCH. Com. Agent. -. ,
-.'¦.'- 526 Market *t.. City.
.OCEAN .TRAVEL. .
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF.- COR-
ner First and Brannan ' streets. \ at 1 p.m..
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hlogo), Nagasaki and Shanghai and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers, for
India, etc. No cargo* received on board on
dayof sailing. .->. ¦' • -. -¦ • r .
SS. HONGKONG MARC .......... ..........
- .'.........'.......Wednesday, September 4. 1901.
SS. NIPPON MARU.. Friday. September 27, 1901'
SS. AMERICA MARU
................... Wednesday. October 23. 1901
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's office.
421 Market street, corner First. ¦ .•
• : , \ .¦¦;.: W.H. AVERT, General Agent
PACIFIC STEAM NAVIGATION CO.
And CIA SUD AMERICAN A DEVAPORES"
To' Valparaiso, stopping'-' at - Mexican. Central
and South American ports. -~ Sailing from How-
ard a.Pler 10.12 m.- . . " , • -i. '
¦ > ALENA.:.:..'.Aug.. 31 lCOLOMBIA....Sept. 14
GUATEMALA. . Sept.' 4|TUCAPEL.V....Sept. 28
< These steamers ! are - built ' expressly for Cen-
tral • ' and- • South ; American ' passenger servlcj.'
(No . change at 'Acapulco or ' Panama.) \' Freight
and passenger office. 316 California street. ¦-
BALFOUR, GUTHRIE & CO., Gen. AgenU. /
RATLWAY TBAVEL.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC.
Xntlju !•«*« nail sir* da* •• nrrtva »•
NAN IIUSCIXCO.
(Main Line. Foot of Market Stwai)
uin — From Juvsr 14, 1901. — jaaxrm
7:»Oa Benida, Buiaon, Elmlr*. and Sscr*.
raento 6ia.lv
7iOOa VtaTilla, Wbtcn, Bnnaej 7i33#
7 «a« a If aitin«x, Saa H»mon, Vallejo. N»p».
Calistoga and Santa Roaa.. *i33r
•:O«A Davis, Woodland. Knlgnu Landing, *
MaxjsTille. OrotiUa. 7i03»
8iOO» Atlanta Exprwt-Ogdra and But 1Si89»
•iOOa NIlea, Lathrop, Stockton 7tM»
¦iO«a Nlles, Mandota. Hanfotd, Vlsalla,
Porterrille .77^7. *•«»»
•iSB A Shasta Kxpre— DaTJaWullaawtfo*
Bartlett Bering* ), Willows, Bad
Bluff, PortW... Ti33»
MtABin Joie. LfrermorB, Slookton,
lone. Saersmento, PlacerrlUa,
M •rTSTUla. Chieo, Red Blnff ««M»
••r«A Oakdalo. Ohlneas (Yoaemita). So-
aora. Carton.... 4tSS>>
••••a H»j wsrd. Milta snd Way SUUona.. 1 1 isa*
tiOOA Vallejo 1*>S3»
tito* Los Annies Exprwi — Msrtines.
Txaey. Lathrop. Stockton. Meroed
Tt—om »nd Lo« Angola* TtSSs>
•>»»! ?aUelo. Martina* and Way StaUoaa YiBSr
JOiOOA Tha Overland United— Olden, Dea-
let, Omaha, Chicago ' •>S3v
f liOOp Sacramento tther Steamers |3i»»*
SiSOr HsjrwMd. NIlea and W» 8UMoni.. TsMr
4f*W Benleia. Winters. Saoramonto,
Woodland. KntghU Landing.
lfaryaviUa , O»o»ille 1»:S3a
' «t«»r tfartlnes, 8»» Itamon, Vallejo, ¦
Naps, Callstogs. Sauta Ross...... •iS5«
«»O«r Wles, Lhermore, Stotktcn. Lod!... I9i3Sr
4haur Haywajtd, Nlles, 8an Joie. LlTermow «S>S9a
•i3»r Port Cocta. Tracy, Lathron. Stockton IViSSa
¦ ti««rlb« Owl Limited— Fiaano, Tulara.
Bakenfleld. Uangua for Santa- Ba*>
- ban, Loa Anjolts , liOSt
litlrHtrtlsH. AnUocb. Stockton, "Mer-
oad.Fresao lttUy
. BiO*r Toaemito lStXay
¦«••*¦ New . Oxleaos Erpieii Mendota,
TrestMb BakenfleM. Loa An»«l»ia.
i Demlog. El Paao. New Orleans
and East TiSSa
•itOr Harvard, Nllas and Saa Jolt I 7iO34
?•!O«r Vallejo Hia3*
••••rOziental Mall— O»Jea. Cbeyenno,
Omaha. Chicago . l*>SSr
•«••» Oriantal Mall— Ogden, Denver,
St Loula, Chicago. 4tS3y
tt*9r Oregon and CaJlfornU Kxpraaa,Ra*> ¦
raidsuto. MaryaTllle, Iteililliijr, .
Por»lai»i. Piigat Mound ami Rut iiflSA
•••SrBao Pablo, Port Cost*. Martlnaa
and Wai Stations 11i«3a
_t»l«8f Vall»Io 7»a3f
COAST LINE (Xnrroir Clang.}.
(foot of Market Street.)
"S9»A9a Banta OrnxKzennion to Banta Cm
• and Prindpai Way Btatfaxu SS>«9»
•ilSANewaik.CeiiterTllle.daaJone.Feltnn, .
Boulder Creek.Sau t» Oras and Way
SUMons liMl
ffr Newark, Ca.iter rille. San Joae, New
AlmadeD, Fulton, Boulder Oreek,
Santa Cm and Principal Way
Stations ¦•iH«a
«il»r Newark. Ban Jose. Los Gatoa t*« ft «»
»«iiap OIenwood.Bonlder Creek. Santa Crn« i8»30a
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
tltm tal f aiSCISCO— f*>» *f Huk«t Strut (Slip S>—
17:18 »:C0 11:00a.m. 1:03 1:09 BilSr.M.
fliaOtlUlB— Jill .fBruaWij.— 18:00 {B;M 13.-0*
U.001.M. 13:00 2:C0 i:CJr.il.
COAST LiINB (Uroaii (lunge).
(Third and Townsand Sts.) :
'-6ilvABan Joaa and Way Stations.......... •»»•?
«7i«0a Ran Joie and W»/ Sutloui.. ....... liSvr
/7iO«a New Almadeu. , /«U0»
tTtSOa Sunday Excursion for Saa Jose,
Santa Cnu, Padno Grovs and
Principal Way StaUons. XSiS*r
•(••A Ban Jose, HoUlnter. HaaU Oros,
Paolfle Urof e. Sallnaa, Saa Lsia
Obispo, Santo Barbara and Prla> .
dpal Intermediate SUtluna TiSfr»
!•>«• a Baa Jose and Way 8Utlona_. ....... •tSO*
IliSWA Baa Joas and Way Statlona »i3O»
fBt*»m Ban Mateo, Redwood, Kenlo Para,
Palo Alta Santa Clara, Ban Jose,
Hollister. Santm Cruz. Sallnaa;
¦lootereyand Paolos Grove |I»«43a
•»»»p San Joae, Trea Plnoa. Sauta Cms,
Paoiflo Grora aud Way Station* 4ilor
f«il»r San J«»o aud Principal WayStatlous »:4"»a
ifttOCp Saa Jose. Loa Gatos and Prindpai
• Way8UtiODa t»iOO«
SiSOp Pan Jose and Principal Way Stations "i30a
•••Or Redwood, Sao Joae, Gllroy. Sallnaa,
. - Santa Barbara, Loa Angeles lOtOSa
•i3*r San Jose and Way buttons )»i«»*
«ll»43r San Joae and Way SUtlons 7i30y
A for Moral nr. P for Afternoon,
t Sunday ezeepted. t . a nnd»» only.
• Saturday only. e Monday.
Jgatwrdajandaoday. /Taeadajsand frUan.
CALIFORNIA NORTDWESTEfiN ST. CO.
LESSEEI
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tiburon F«rry, poot of Market SC
San Francisco tt> 6>a.i Kaiuci.
WEEK DATS-7:30. 9:00, U:0O a. m.; 12:33.
3:30, 6:19, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:50
and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:00, 9:30, 11:00 a. m.; 1:30. 3:30,
6:00, 6:20 p. ra.
¦ San RafasI to San Francisco.
WEEK DATS— 6:10, 7:50, 9:20, 11:10 a. m.: 12:43.
3:40. 5:15 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:53
and 6:35 p. m.
6UNDAYS-8:10. 9:40, U:10 a. m.; 1:40, 3:*0,
8:05, 6:25 p. m.
Leave I In Effect I Arrlva
Ban Francisco. | April 28. 1901. | San Francisco.
Week J Sun- I | Sun-- I Week
Days. I daya. | Destination. . days. I Days.
7:30 ami 8:00 ami Novato.' 13:40 am 8.40 am
3:30 pml 9:30 am| Petaluma. 6:05 pm 10:25 am
6:10 pmi 5:00 pm| Santa Rosa. 7:35 pm 6:20 pm
Fulton,
7:30 am Windsor, 10:25 am
6:00 pm Healdaburs. 10:40 am
Lytton.
Geyserville,
8:30 pm 8:00 am Cloverdale. 7:35 pm 8:20 pm
7:30 ami 5:00 pml Hopland 110:40 am[10:25 am
3:30 pml 8:00 am) and Uklah. | 7:35 pm| 6:20 pm
7:30 am 110:40 am 10:25 am
8:00 am Guemevllle. 7:33 pm
3:30 pm 6:00 pm 6:20 put
7:30 am 8:00 am] Sonoma I 9:15 am 8:40 am
I and
6:10 pray 5:00 pm| Glen Ellen. fS :05 pm 6:30 pm
7:30 am] 8: CO ami 110:40 am|10:23 am
»:30 pml 6:00 pmf SebastopoL I 7:35 pm| 6:20 pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs and White Sulphur Springs; at Fulton
for Altruria: at • Lytton for Lytton Springs; at
Geyserville for Skaggs Springs; at Cloverdal*
for • the Geysers; at Hopland for Duncai
Springs, Kiehland Sprints. Kelseyville. Carls-
bad Springs, Soda Bay. Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs: at Uklah for Vichy Springs. Saratoga
Springs, Blue Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake. Witter
Springs. Upper Lake. Pomo, Potter Valley.
John Day's, Riverside. Lierley*s. Bucknell's.
Sanhedrln Heights, Hullville. Orr's Hot
Spring^. Mendoclno City, Fort Branr. West-
port. Usal, Willlts, Laytonville. Cummins.
Bell's Springs. Harris. Olsen's. - Dyer. Scotia
and Eureka..
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rate*, \
On Sundays round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael, at half ratea.
Ticket office. 650 Market street. Chronicle)
building. . .
H. C WHITING. R. X. RTAN,
Gen. Manuager. Gen. Pass. Agt.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausallto F*rry.
Commencing April 28, 1901.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLEX
• AND SAN RAFAEL.
! WKIfiK DATS— «:55. 8:30, *9:30, 11:00 a. m..
12:45. «l:45, 3:13. 4:15, 6:13. •6:15.-<:43 p. m.
EOCTRA TRIPS—^or Mill Valley and San
Rafael on Mondays, Wednesdays. Saturdays
and Sundays at 9:30 and 11:40 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 7:00. 8:00. »9:00. *10:00.' 11:00. 11:39
a. m.. 12:43. 1:30. 2:30. *i:io, 5:03. 6:00. 7:30
p. m. 11:00 a. m. does not run to San Rafael
Sundays. •'
Trains marked (•> run to San Quentln. - »• ¦ -
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— »5:2S, 6:27. 7:47, 8:35. ' 10:15
a m.. 12:25. 1:15. 2:20. *3:35, 4:40. 5:30 p. m.
EOCTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 6:45 and 10:00 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 6:15. »8:00. 9:45, »ll:0O a. m.. "1J
m.. 1:00. 2:15. *Z:30. 4:30. »5:45, 6:43. 7:». 10:19,
p rn. '• ' ¦
"Trains marked (•> start from San Quentin.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:45. 6:43. 7:55. 8:55. 10:39
a. m.. 12:35. 1:45. 2:45. 3:50. 5:10. 5:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:33 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 6:35. 8:00. 10:05. 11:19 a. m.. 12:15.
1:20. 2:30. 8:45. B:00. 6:15. 7:13. 10:30 p. m.
.THROUGH TRAINS. "t .
8:55 a. m. week days— Cazadero and way sta-
tions. . . • . .. ¦¦
8:13 p. m. Saturdays— Cazadero and way sta-
tions.
6:15 p. rn. week days (Saturdays excepted)— .
Tomales and way stations.
> 8 :00- a. m. Sundays— Cazadero . and , way sta-
tions.
10 a. m. Sundays— Point Reyes and way sta-
tions. . -
MOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
ThiHMiiaftRr- r«*«*n«t«t at.
W0J-2-J.....WEEK DATS..... < |gjit
8A0A.X.V f 12:15 r. JC
91Oi.lL . lOftr. M.
10*0 a. m. • amnun . 83O'-x.
13QT.H. BJSOr.U.
SJOr. k. 7:10*. u.
ftn. urnMlwtttnratl«rfbnrii.|l.M
Ticket Offices. 621 Market St., & SagaaHto gerry,
GREAT NORTHERN RAILWAY.
COOL AND DUSTLESS.
Sally Palace and Tourist Sleepers.
•"«-* ;., Dining Car, Meals a la Cart*.
.. Library Observation Car.
REDUCED ROUAD I KIP RATES .TO
EASTERN POINTS.
ZL 8. . BLAJR* Oca. ACW 633 Market s*. ~Charles Spohn. an ex-saloonkeeper who
lives at 625 Turk street, was arrested yes
terday on a warrant from Judge Cabaniss'
court charging him with threats against
life. The complaining witness is his wife.
Laura, who alleges that he has on sev
eral occasions threatened to take her life
and last Thursday he chased her from
room to room in their residence to kill
her. She escaped and took refuge in the
house of ¦ a friend, where she has been
living since. Spohn denies the charge and
says it is all caused by his wife'3 former
husband, who wants to get her back. She
was a divorced woman when he married
her three years ago.
extent - of . associating our name with
theirs. We might have considered the
proposition, but when it came to a ques
tion of burying all trace of the city's vet
eran library, of obliterating the name of
the Mercantile Library from among the
things^ that be, we called off all nejotia-
Threatens His Wife's Life.
When people who witnessed the accident
reached the unfortunate man he was dead.
His body was removed to the Morgue by
Oeputles Fennell and Flynn.
Elliott was making repairs on his house
and having finished his day's labors pre
pared to descend to the ground. The top
step of the ladder broke under his weight
and he, lost his hold and pitched face for
ward, striking on a picket fence about
twenty feet below. One of the pickets
penetrated his heart. A section of the
wood remained in his body.
Thomas Elliott, a carpenter, .58 years of
age, fell from the roof of his residence
at Polk and Chestnut streets yesterday
and was instantly killed. He struck on
a fence and a picket was driven into tola
body and through his heart.
Carpenter Meets With
Fatal Accident at
His Home/
PICKET PIERCES
ELLIOTT'S HEART
Got Goods by False Pretenses.
Harry Clark, an agentl was * arrested
yesterday on a warrant charging him
with obtaining goods by false pretenses
The complaining witness is "S. G. Mish of
Meyer, Mish & Co.; who alleges that on
May 10 Clark, by means of a forged
order' purporting to . be signed -by the
Hlcks-Judd Company, got from the firm
five gross of playing cards valued at $125
which he sold to the Sunset Bazaar on
Sixth street, i near Market.
The Park Band: will render the following this
afternoon: ¦ : / ' C-v'^.'r -¦^¦''' : '
Overture from drama "YelVa" .'.:.".. .... Reisiger
X.lazourka de concert, "La CzarineV......Ganne
Selection from "IJonna Juanita".....V Suppe
Solo for ¦ trombone; "The "Sea" .v. .... .Schubert
• •- ¦¦•• ' '- '¦¦'• Mr. . Greene. ..•.-.'•
Humorlstle. "Golden ; Beetle's Soriee".... Kilns'
Overture, "Les Dragons de VIllars"....Maillart
Flute solo . ;.... ~:.~.;.. ;.V...... Selected
¦•?¦ .: A. Lombardo. ' -•¦
• Rhapsodie No. 2','... I. '..'..'..Liszt
"Passionaria Dance" \7.. ::..... 7... ;...... Sancho
March, "Eanda Rossa" .'.../..; .."..Sorrentino
Music in the Park.
Several libel .suits for' ; sailors' --wages
were passed "upon by United" States
trict Judge de Haven yesterday. -The' suit
of Manuel ! Gonzales -against the steamer
Oregonian for $201 99 wages was dismissed;
In the case of Henry Lanraan and' A.
vander Keemel against the Oregonian for
wages Judge de ; Haven s remarked that
there was. no justification for the mate
placing the libelants :in irons, and that
because of -this \ treatment they ; had a
right to leave the steamer on (arriving at
San Francisco, v A decree was' entered In
favor of Keemelifor $5186 wages and Lan
man for $60 03 wages.- ¦'¦;¦: f
Sailors Becover -Wages.
"There are several parties \ within the
Yosemite National -Park who are cutting
timber and making It* into shakes, which
they are delivering to our local lumber
yards. In the last three weeks about 40,-
O00 shakes have .been brought here. The
Government, ¦ when it set" apart the park,
declared that the big sugar pine and fir
trees were intended to protect the snow.
bo that when those -on the plains who were
near the rivers and -irrigation districts
would have water " during the warm
months. No doubt those who are cutting
this fine timber have Government patents
to the land, notwithstanding it is within
the National Park. We think that those
•who hold patents should look to their rep
resentatives in Congress for relief, and
they should be paid by the Government
lor the land for which they hold patents
Hold Patents' to Land.
¦ Recognizing the importance of the big
trees en the sides of the Sierras, the
California Water and Forest Association
was organized for the purpose of preserv
ing the natural sources of water supply.'
Bells governing these points were passed
by both houses of the last Legislature,
but Governor Gage saw" fit to veto them
and this has probably caused the owners
of land within the confines of the Yosem
ite National Park to become bolder. In*
their operations. - •
In a recent issue of the Merced Star
attention is called editorially to the ship
ment and a note of alarm is sounded,
urging immediate action by the coming
Congress to prevent the ' wholesale de-
Etructlon of these virgin forests. The
Star has the following to say:
• '. From the San Joaquin Valley an em
phatic protest has again come against
the destruction of the forests crowning
the high Sierras. This latest protest was
caused by the shipment of some 40,000
shakes cut within the confines of the
Yosemite National Park, and which .were
shipped to a lumber dealer in the city of
"Merced.
Trustee L.", H. , Bonestell, speaking of
the new " move ; yesterday, expressed . the
opinion 'that it ought 'to have been made
long.: ago.' . '/In ': fact,", he ' said, • J>our *• be
ing where , we are at; all >. is; a, crime. .For
an ordinary business location,', for pri
vats residence or . hotel purposes the ! cor
ner of Van .Ness and Golden. Gate ave-
>The property: is heavily mortgaged and
the interest is- a burden on the library
income. , The . Indebtedness - at present
amounts to $S2,000. This Is covered by
mortgage 'to' the Hibernia • Savings Bank.
A renewal of this mortgage for one year
at 6*-per -cent was - yesterday ; placed: on
record. The trustees estimate the Van
Ness avenue property to be worth $40,000
over and above the mortgage, indebted
ness. -;" Until this . property ,is sold no" at
tempt' will 'be ¦ made , to purchase another
location.- '"• . -' •' . , ¦. . . " .'. « •
> The entire upper part of the present
building .has . been rented and there are
a 'number of applicants .for-, space now
occupied- by- the library '-, proper. \ "While
the trustees /are willing, enough- to rent
for the present . they are I more ¦ than
anxious to dispose outright of what has
been very much of an elephant on their
hands... ¦ -".' •',-¦"• -ti '•';. • : v •¦•- • ; .-.
Arrangements have been completed for
the remova"r-and a lease has been signed
for the ¦ premises adjoining: Sherman . &
Clay's Hall. at .223 • Sutter street. The
transfer 'of the books \ to the new loca
tion will commence at once and the trus
tees ' expect to be settled in their new
home within a. couple 'of months. v .. /.
The trustees of the Mercantile Library
have decided that the usefulness of : the
establishment for which they are respon
sible depends upon its being brought into
more - immediate contact with the . busi
ness life of .the city. "With this end in
view they have decided to rent or sell
the building 'on the corner of Van Ness
and Golden Gate avenues and ' to remove
the library to ¦ a central, downtown loca
tion. "; " . • ' -. ¦ -^
Selling of the Giant Trees
in the Goverment
Park.
Mercantile Library Is to
Have Downtown
Location.
Superintendent of Schools Webster . and
his deputy, D. J. Sullivan, conferred yes
terday regarding the purchase of supple
mentary books to be used in the public
schools In conjunction with the . regular
text books. Webster made application
for $4000 worth of the supplementary
books, based on .the 1 number of children
attending schools. ' which is provided for
by the Political Code. Director. Denman
objected to allowing so much money, and
the beard finally compromised, on a reso
lution appropriating $2000 for the purpose.
At "Webster's earnest solicitation :the
board allowed an additional $&00, or $2500
In all. Webster says . that ' this sum' Is
$1500 short of the amount required by, law
and Js far below the actual needs of the
schools. « The books -as deckled- upon by
Superintendent Webster and Deputy Sul
livan follow: .; . . . , ; . - ;
Ono hundred "At Home," by'Badlam: 2."
Cyr's Pr'mers. 25 Baldwin's Primers, 25 Wer
ner's Primers. 25 -"Wooster- Primers. 100 Cyr's
First Readers, 125 Stlckney's Primers, 50 Child
Life (Ulaisdell), 75 Bass' Beginners' Readers,
£0 Baldwin's - First Readers, 251 Fairy Stories
and Fables (Baldwin), 150 Stories for Children
(Lane), 75' Stories ' of Red ¦ Children (Brook),
45 Nature Stcrles ¦ (Bass), 50 Hiawatha Prim
ers (Hoi brook), 75- Baldwin Second .Readers,
175 Old Time Stories (Smyth), 175 Fable . and
Folk Lore (Scudder), 150 Cyr's Second Read
ers, 235 Stories of Great America ' for Little
Americans (Ksgleston). 150 • Robinson Crusoe
(SicMurray), 100 Four True Stories of Life and
Adventure (Smyth), 50 • Stories of "Washington
(Smyth), 175 Stories of Great Men, 100 "Hia
watha the Indian" (Booker),. 105 Stories of
Colonial Children (Pratt)., 201 Old Greek Sto
ries (Baldwin), 25 "Docus the Indian Boy"
(Snedden). Three Stories, of-- American Pi
oneers, . 375 Pilcrims ' and Puritans, 301 Colony
to Commonwealth (Moore), 90 Stories of Amer
ican , Life (Eccleston), 175 "Lobo, Rag- and
Vixen" (Thompson), 247 Hawthorne's' Wonder
Book, 60 Arabian | Knichts" Stories, 409 Birds
and Bee«,_ 175 Famous Stories Retold.: \ 150
Steppins stones to- Literature, ¦ 185 Alice' In
Wonderland, 275 Watch Fires of '76. ,258 ¦'. Sea
and Its Wonders, 135 Stories of Old Bay State,
285 Alice's Visit to the Hawaiian Islands,. 19S
Deems Appropria
tion Insufflcient.
Superintendent Webster
SIERRA FORESTS
BEING DENUDED
SUPPLEMENTARY
BOOKS LACKING
LEASE SIGNED
FOR NEW SITE
A military patrol Is maintained during
the summer season In the Yosemite Na
tional Park to prevent depredations and
timber cutting. But the jurisdiction of
the military does not extend over the sec
tions on which patents have been issued.
Efforts will be made by the Sierra Club,
the California Water and' Forest Asso
ciation and the Yosemite Commissioners
to prevent any further destruction of the
forests in the immediate vicirflty of the
valley.-
--"This property from which these shakes
were cut," said Secretary J. J. Lermen,
"are- located about thirteen miles from
the valley. .The land has been patented
by Its owners, and while they are no
doubt within their rights in -cutting the
timber thereon, we hope for the -good, of
the State that Congress will take some
action preventing any further destruction
of these forests." -¦.>•;
"Some of the sections were offered to
the Government for sale, but so far as
we know have not been taken back.
Some of the land is inaccessible, but the
owners are compelled to pay taxes on
it. I suppose it is from some section ac
cessible to a wagon road that this tim
ber was brought. In most cases, how
ever, the removal of timber- is not per
mitted by the Government. Our orders
regarding this cutting of timber are very
strict. . as far as our Jurisdiction In the
valley extends, and we would gladly co
operate in any way with the Government
for a » further preservation of the ad
jacent timber. It is not alone a matter
that ' Interests the people of Merced, but
all the inhabitants of the great plains
of the San Joaquln Valley are dependent
upon the preservation of these trees for
their supply of water for irrigation and
domestic purposes."
Congress Must Be Looked To.
"In the popular mind," said Charles
G. Clinch of the State Yosemite Valley
Commission, "some confusion exists as
to the control exercised over the valley
and the land adjacent thereto. "We have
control of the valley proper, while the
iUnited States Government has control
of the national park. Immediately sur
rounding the valley. Before the Govern
ment-acquired control of the park a num
ber of people had taken up land there
and proceeded to make use of it as best
they could.
and on which they have had to pay taxes
to the counties the land Is in, without any
other privileges."
The teacher against whom charges have
been filed with the Board of Education
by John Lyser, principal of . the John
Swett Grammar School, is Miss Mary C.
McKinney. She is charged with' general
incompetency and unfltness for - teaching,
and the charges will be investigated by
Superintendent "Webster. Miss McKinney
has been transferred no less than" eight
times in the last six years, and the prin
cipals who recommended her transfer say
that it was for Incompetency.
One of the members of the board, who
does not wish his name known, says that
there are at least twelve other teachers
who are Incapable of fulfilling their duties
and that • it is almost certain . that they
will be dismissed after a hearing. - The
trial of Miss Dwyer, accused of having
a bad temper, will begin before the board
on Tuesday morning.
The date of the oral examination for
applicants for, teachers' positions will be
held on. September 14 instead of Septem
ber 13, as •heretofore announced. •¦ .
The board has distributed its rules for
the conduct of the examinations for elect-
Ing new teachers in the department. The
rules do not differ in any essential- par
ticular with those already published when
the plan was adopted. - . f
School; Accused of Incompetency.
Miss McKinney of the John Swett
MUST FACE SERIOUS CHARGES.
Discoveries of the Old Northwest. -163 'Bird
Notes Afield, 144 "Matka," by Joruan.
; The present trustees are going to make
another fight= for it and are particularly
sanguine.- Trustee L. H. Bonestell said
yesterday that all Idea of combining with
the ; Mechanics* Institute has been given
up: : "They . wanted to. take', over our li
brary," he said, "and give us absolutely
no recognition in return, not even to the
. Debts soon accumulated again, however,
and the burden had grown almost beyond
their power to carry, when the trustees a
few years ago sold their down town prop
erty and .built on the site they are now
leaving. ;
And change the law they did. In 1870
Governor Haight signed a bill authorizing
the lottery scheme. The lottery was a
success. The proceeds paid all outstand
ing debts and left a balance on hand of
$20,000.
. Camilla Urso volunteered her services.
trot up a benefit concert and turned over
20,000.. This was only a drop in the bucket,
however.soitwas decided to adopt heroic
measures. A lottery was suggested.
. "It's against the law." was the cry.
¦-.. "Let's change the law," was the an
swer. ' ¦¦**
"We will get life into the old ship," say
the trustees. "We will clear her decks
of debt, remodel her on up to date lines
and with a good slant of the wind of
popular approval and support will sail her
to her proper place at the head of the
library fleet."
There Is probably no other Institution
in Ran Francisco so closely associated
with the early history -of the city. 'The
Mercantile Library was , started in 1852
in the days when the saloon was the only
Eubllc resort of a social nature, the gam
ling table the only recognized pastime
for leisure hours and news of the outside
world an event of infrequent occurrence.
Irving M. Scott, although not an original
trustee, was one of the prime movers in
the library movement.
Rooms ' were engaged in the California
Exchange building at the. corner of Clay
and Kearny streets. ¦ These quarters suf
ficed until 1S65, when with $22,000 on hand
the trustees purchased the lot on Bush
street where the telephone company's
main office now stands. They, borrowed
$100,000 and when the building was com
pleted found : themselves comfortably
housed' but altogether- unable to meet
their- Interest obligations. lv -
Cheerful waiting rooms, equipped with
every convenience, will be at the disposal
of members. Special Inducements will be
offered to lady members In the form of
a lounging-room, where they can rest In
the intervals of a shopping campaign, re
fresh themselves with soap and water
and untie the tangles in which the trade
winds may have twisted their bangs.
nues Is all right, but for a library site it
has not a single advantage to recommend
The library's new quarters on Sutter
street will be fitted up attractively and
every effort will be made to restore that
popularity to which the trustees believe
San Francisco's veteran library is en
titled.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 1, 1901.
32
Hale s. ¦ • ' I' ' Hale s. . ... ( . ¦¦ _ j^ _ _ _j '_ :_'_¦__ ~ „'"„-"!, 'F ¦ - - • _ •¦•_--. -.'•_ _^_ <_^ • 1 _ .^j-^^-^lJ'i'"' •rT3*T-.rV .^^^.-^-ij-.-L-J---^ -^- : — v—w^^~-^- *~**- — — ¦ — ; r~~^ — ~~~~-~
: 7 / (^^ The Press Goods Exhibit Is First, fjp^j^ \ k i
I\ j|\ c 3 Everybody can see ho\v Hale's are beginning to fix ihe ' Women will 'be delighted with -it; chiefly for the instruc- c — *y J^^'u I /v \^ten ;
//| \ \\\ styles for San Francisco, as well as the prices. 'We've come to tion it lends. We're going to do all' we can to set every worn Mf^^ f I J
I •/ 1 \ \\i ¦— "^<§ this gradually. We didn't want to make mistakes— -might if; right as to what's to be worn and. hpwl, much it will cost. \* J9fK f l\ r / Km^
// I \l\\\\\ wed make a big flash — get everybody here, then find 'we. This is to be a season of great possibilities in dress. That's \^y^NL^V/ ' / I / 5%^»
// V \^!\^^^^^^ didn't have what they wanted. . .... • - ¦' . why we've been so careful and thorough -in our preparation *^jjm!£z?^ J> I / \ \\%
/ i V "V^Sl&v^ Now we know wheniyqu come, it's permanent. . , 7 for this event. The cloths are plain,, soft, rich — -factors that c mF' 7 y - £ I S^ <$$ - | "¦*
i \| ; V^^S\ H-' We've had trained men studying you— we've got what you bring "into _ play ; the cleverness of the artist more than anything _ 'Lgl 1 M I &*Jlf " 4^\
1 Z it^^^S, '>\/^^&\h 3 want. No weird novelties — no experiments — nothing that you else. The effectiveness of the; dress comes more from what is v-*<-^\^^- /« W&^^Z^Nkk L
£ J |/Tp|§?^ f \,^^pSbs/ and Fashion haven't set your seal of approval on. brought out of the cloth -tha n from what is put on. % Checks and / Vll^^^^tlt^ |
f 0 WttC^^ W y^%L'^^>^ This applies as well, to- silks, millinery, laces, wraps, dresses plaids and stripes require little or no tricking— the beauty is on • N^'W^^fci
f .£0 J&J^*^ W// " x* 1 — y ¦ and costumes, of which we'll have more to say as the pro- the surface. This/ season it's. hidden. It gives freest scope to. / . iiS^^^
WifejS ' gramme proceeds. ' • -:'- each woman's taste. Like an artist painting on a plain ground, V^ S-^^^Ss/
l-^-^^'^^^^ r yr^ __. _ _««_¦____ i_ — _ . f there are no restrictions to the colors she uses or the elabor- . N^ -^
I -* — — *^^ The great fabric show of the season is 'first uncovered to- ateness of them. But, in dress, as in art, the strongest picture _;
morrow. ... . '. . " * will be the simplest. .• - I ,\ U J
n« • « * • - ; -- T" : : ' T 7^ These stuffs are so pretty and there's a scope of them that so many women will be anxious CfrJrf T OflfrlflC \*f\c\\
ivlilhnerv .Announcement- nanneieiie jkiii/ Lenginb
op IMPORTANCE. ' • sh^dg It's a sight ¦ worth seeing. Inside the store much additional space has been required. Jhg* i^^^Jli^
Hale's fall hats are about ready to make their debut. Only the finishing Dress Goods are everywhere. It's one hJee dress sroods Store for a week. pinks and blues and reds, mostly striped patterns, 2Yx yards long,
touches are necessary. _, , • ., J . . , ;. .„ , v . o^ . ° .. -, ; • • .-. - ,., .: r ; . ' ...... ¦
Our milliner has just returned from her fashion trip. She has availed . These details of the best Will be-«lteresting reading. _./.-. -, -• . . f '± • <£*
rnT:Lt wknown - advanUKetofindoutth : stron8 '^^ colored ciothsi : " liackciotnit $2.50 Lace curtains, $1.95.
To give San Francisco women an opportunity to get in touch with the Venetians 75c-A soft rich stuff that lends itself beau- A'Serere.for 55c— It's every bit wool, 46 inches wide ;• it's I5O pa j r3 have t een jajj as {(j e f or selling this week at 55c less than they
£lNEHY n s d HOWTKG Ut Wh3t WC haVC accom P lished we wiH hold our MIL " sl^n^va^e^we-vl nSVlt wId?:as a deir " on - %^^^^^^^ i^^S^i^lT^^t «pld for last week. White and ecru, 3/2 yards long, in the newest and pret-
\? , „,„ , xr -j^ , „„! q^j. „,*„,, A Pebble Granite Cloth 75c-One.of the new popular time. . , tiest Nottingham effects.
J\PXt 1 tlin SCLCi'/, H riCbCLU CUIIOU oCLuIITQjCLTI. weaves for fall in three grades; the new colors. are promi- A Storm Serire 59c— 44 Inches wide. It's a material that —^ ——^— —
'Twill he an imnortant nrcasion Both Eurooean and domestic mate- nent in the assortment; 45 inches wide. 48 inches wide. 85c -will not shrink; equal weight and worth would be fairly r r W-<^ . .m « .'/-r .-£-'^ :^r ' J^ 4 d m f*A^.~^j£ 5C
i w ill be an important occasion, uotn European ana aomesuc mate- and n.00. . - ¦ priced at 85c. This week we've quite a quantity to sell at ** I |pt| Q ff /^/3k 77 i ./^?•C^T 1 , l51Qt^Q
rials and trimmings are lavishly represented. - a Porjlin Sl.OO-I t's a French cloth, one that fashion has 59" • . L/VllClIlLV VUl dvt VlCldUd PaiP
ord ffgj fZ££l 0^^ 0 ™^ TUrba " a " d T °'"' e - H?iF" ! "—^"^^^^^ TK,, WEE KFO R TH B ™STT.« B . %
¦ — ——^ -^ — — — — — —^ _ gatfn prunellas »1 OO— One of the staple and service- wIde -< - / Drab or black— 4 and 5 hooks — they have the double protector— 5 gross in
a VninnriiH OnnnrtunH* in Rnv able and stylish fabrics: it's an elegant stuff for cos- A Canvas Suitine Sl.^S— It's to be much used for fall the assortment on sale Monday for the first time at this absurd price, 5c/
A Zpienaid Upportunny to Buy tumes. It has a depth and richness as only the new fall costumes; 50 inches wide, black only-but it's a rich black. _,,.._ , o _, oork „ . - o . nL
¦ f*, 4 . IT* j ' W 1 j : . favorites have. 45 inches wide. 48 inches wide. $1.50. An Eton Suitine «3.00-It has a corded surface, ; has that Belt SlippOPterS 25C. " 280 metal PmS «5C.
Short Eton Jackets i^|i m LT o r^r^r^^«^ H^SItIS^H!-
First, there is not a fault to be found with one of these, jackets, only that • _,;¦ ¦ /•»•• and wIth button <&¦*¦&', lavender, black, tabl ° by themselves. Several - hundred
' there are not enough of any one kind to fit every sized woman. In order not K*S*1l'c Hil*Qt Mf^ntiOfl flf 1 111111 <5S. cardinal, blue and orange; of fancy frilled dozen In the assortment. Monday, for the
I to disappoint any one we have had to group 4 or 5 of our best selling styles. Td 1 1 -5 T I T^ t 1T1CI1 11UII Ul L.11I1 1 J g&« . elastic; 25c a pair. first time. 3c
MClrva. D**t^ri9 CA *-«, ' We give our linings the closest kind of attention. On theJinine depends largely the life of the dress, so we m . r\ m \t C\*
UnC rilCe — —4>O.5O. are careful to sell good linings, and this will give you an idea of how the prices run: 312 1 3.pQS\TV HlilOW 49^*
They were $6./S. $7-50, $8.50, $9.00 and $9.75. Will be candid with you— A Silesia for 7%c-Black. medium and dark slates and I Fabreaue Homo, SOc-It looks like a moire silk, has the ON SALE MONDAY FOR THE FIRST TIME.-
I there are only eighteen in the lot. Considering the colors, the fine, tailoring browns; a good 10e quality we've got. for the first week of strength and luster and solidity for skirts as well as skirt They. are so pretty, so new, you would be glad to pay twice for them.
J and the pretty styles, they will certainly all go to-morrow— tans, grays and a pirtalfne s4-3c-Black only, full yard wide; but .""'"PL, 1500 * ar ;^JV f,* !' ?>, „, ? „, • They are in six different colorings, set off by new and bright, striped Oriental
i blues; some without collars, some with velvet collars and cuffs, others plain we've got 3000 yards, and we got it so we can sell it at A Silk French Taffeta. IOc-a worthy sKirt nnmg. patterns .. They are the size for 24-inch pillows, well made and finished with a
I with tailor stitching; Venetians, kersevs and coverts. 8 l-3c instead of I2%c. 36 inches wide; 2400 yards, heavy tasse j Qn each corner to matc h. We' had a few of those once before to i
i These $3.95 Jackets Monday An all-wool kersey cloth— black ' •*-• ' ** ¦ sell at 59c. ; They all went in a day. Who can say how quickly these will go
. only, box front, tight-fitting back, lined all through and tailor stitched. f •'?¦¦' V s - ;: ¦ , ; ioc cheaper and 50c prettier' than those others?
„.-,„,„¦¦ ,. ntedD ., soS - Best Handkerchief Sale of AH ii^^WWiffig
p^ . 1 £^ * «JUltl LvU L/UIIS OOCi ¦ /J ' — • continues another week, and this floss, by the way, is dean suk floss with no
£°S£^:??^?§£ P^.^ceTbisisoneofta. do™ 5 c i Jen's, Women's and Children's I ri IPlil^^M^HMi^^Klii^
lelthiF lined, nickel frame, good clasp- . , .... j Hand kerch iefs ' , ' . r^\ ;• nandkerChieiS 24-mch ones 45c 16-inch ones 2Oc 20-lnch ones. jOc
on the inside there is a pocket for gold- (non - destructible), / faJXA-, » on Never had. such a chance to get so' many so. cheap be- ¥oi» fiOc ' —^ ¦" -- _^ -_
U^s an excellent value for the money but with Jtsfc/tiSt- 8 ° C ' ' fore. It', the biggest sinde transaction in our history. " . I - * O1 * 6 ° C> Q f* r 1 f f-, | „ f- (\{\-C A f t C ff O CP '
TgO^o^^th^^^J^d" h«^ ¦¦" Their teeth'" ?»j5wl ~ ~^~ . ' ' nj j^ n' • I KCCI 111 lllg VJC|- Wl L^ *P5*^5 #
pfe m c^nefs^ h d Iwefds-a Jery look for all the J®| j WAT I H afldkcrch l^f S flt Half PriCe It's a splendid example of what we ; can do for you in baby buggies. It's
showy and worthy pocket-book— Zoc s*ti3Hswwi "1^4 ' x ¦ giving such style, such fine workmanship and such . improved buggies for such
Ster.ing Silver Haled world a* ¦ though V*-^ P«fT «i flT] Anyhow, : where else would vou^ expect a thing- like this? The enormous distributing power fair prices that .has been Ibuildin* up a bigger and bigger business in them
r-« % j is- • they were real, and / k,jW , ¦ . 3 .. v "," , , 1 - u *., l^ru* t 1 every week. We sell more and more baby buggies every . week. The more
rOrKS ariU KniVeS their eyes open / \W ° Ur S1X Stores enables us t0 undertake deals no Other concern WOUld attempt. 1 his-^ CH course there are several lines
—, ji.^.1.-,- - / ' \ I man tiirn*»H iiq nve>r all • Viic en rnii ic iTanHW'prrliiefs . . , . ...... we are able to sell less than' any one else. That's an important point with many
; 15c. and shut-their hair / \\\ man turned us over all ms surplus lianciKercmeis. , _ ¦ ; - parents . with others they prefer buying here on account of the variety and
They are trustworthy pieces. This is one curls; yes, even \ I }/ f//\ 5000 dozen come to San Francisco. oooo dozen go to the other rive stores. t j le newness of the articles. •
\l^p\^^l^\^r^Lr^ more than that- (|il) . |lf you . are ;very .critical you \^might^ find something wrong now and then-with, one % stitch^ the . machine ™^^^\^O^ -
month. Also they are partly T r \\ dropped or a thread drawn too tight, or another with an embroidery corner some one forgot to cut out — little well fi tte( j an <j pu t together to stay.
K< ?Sfd S 'iri^ A f S a^° : hind^r They *™ sllver dressed — 2 o Vi \ j \ points, so small that even the writer in looking for tHem couldn't detect them in six put of an even dozen. At 86.50-a full size Reed baby car- At SS.9S-a pretty willow go-cart, ad-
rogers' SUGAR shells 2$e-Silver plated • . , Q/ . . ){ \\ • Their looks, their usefulness or their life is not hurt a bit: If experts didn't say they were ' not perfect you rlage, with removable cushion, hood top. Justable; has a patent foot attachment.
' b^ y e^t m^ onday "* mchesl0ng jLI V wouldn't know it. The first; installment of 2500 dozen are put" on sale Monday morning for the first time Pf e d e^f e< f^ hee K d hcavy 2ffiS$ffi4
- • . . . and at just two . sensational prices. • •¦- , ' . ¦ . -. . • ••¦ , " • v _ -^^^^^^^^ . ¦
MzirKct I i^Ujt^W^^ 1W 9 - MarKct | 2^c Each Worth 5c. 5c Each Worth ioc. Market 7^^ JP^g* <&> Ma^et
5lT6fel, /^57 /J&/ /¦^^^Wlf 1&L^> (&&C&7 «=^^^^ St., Opp. Plain white and hemstitched, fine lawn and cambric. Fin*e sheer lawii and cambric, hemstitched, and with fan- 1 }~ * /$¥/ /$&/ C^S&fflh 1&L& tmlc^ j—^^^St\
Npar /&?/ /mi <££=**&& vsg*-^ tlrAAon Women's and children's. "• ' .,-.-. cy revere effects. These are for women and children. Near /£&/ /!£ri s^*—*2&''^^g^ V^gggy **&&**£&>' GolfiCn
I C^r+Vi /£&/ "^ "^ — "^r r i. Men's Handkerchiefs 4c and 7c— worth 10c and many of them worth 12Y z c. Five hundred dozen and men's, you <tfrfh -» "^r G>7\\a
•JlXlU. A2ZU «-^#£2£> GQOSPQ*^^ • batC. know, are much larger than women's. They are plain white and hemstitched; really as good a handkerchief as any iJiAiii. ~~^^^^tl5r€*S> G>4}0&&^'^ UUIC.
» . *¦* ." '- 1 ,, man could^ask for. With. them, also are fifty colored bordered ones, 4c each, 45c a doz.. Another, lot 7c each, 80c a doz. 1^—^mm^^^m* ¦ ' "*^ — — — mil